COMING SUNDAY! 

Exclusive Associated Press news and photo coverage 

NOW , EVERYaSUNPAY^ a g r e a t 
...- 

 lh yaut big^pr 
AY EXPRESS-NEW: 

George and Bonnie 
Carmack visit 

Guanajuato, fe'SP 

6 a.m. 
S P O R T S 
F IN A L 
THE SATURDAY 

MAY 14, 1977 
EXPRESS NEWS 
Snit A n to n io . To xii* 
Soul Ii Texas* largest-selling Saturday n«k\vspa|»er 

Uses eon get $ 15 million 

SPECIAL TO EXPRESS-NEWS 

WASHINGTON — A bill passed in the Senate Friday will provide al­ most $15 million for construction projects at military bases in San 
Antonio. 

The Senate’s $3.7 billion authori­ zation bill will provide Kelly AFB with $5.7 million for a logistics storage facility, $2.3 million for a lighting system and $1.8 million for a monitoring and control system. 

The bill allows $4.7 million for a dental clinic at Lackland AFB. 
For Randolph AFB, the bill auth­ orizes $334,ooo for a fuel system and 
$91,ooo for an aircraft landing faci­ lity. 

A spokesperson for U.S. Rep. 
Henry B. Gonzalez said the Senate 

 anTexas sues 

 iirlp * 1 o m i l l i o n f o r bill does not include $1o million for emergency repairs at Brooke Army 
Medical Center. 

The $1o million is included in the 
House Bill which has not come on the floor. 

The two versions, the spokesper­ son said, probably will have to go to conference committee. 

“The congressman is hopeful that the senators from Texas will ask their colleagues to let the House version prevail so Brooke can have its money,” the spokesperson said. 
The total Senate bill provides for more than 7oo construction projects at U.S. m ilitary installations throughout the United States and i foreign countries. over lake sludge 
O 

Ca 

By DEBORAH WESER 
Texas Friday sued San An­ tonio for continuing to operate 
Mitchell Lake as a sludge pond, receiving low-grade effluent from two of its three main sewage treatment plants. 

The civil penalties sought on two counts total $2o,ooo a day if the alleged violations cited in the suit can actually be proved. 
In one phase, the damages could go back to June 1975 at $1o,ooo for each day of violation. 
Filed in 57th District Court by Atty. 
Gen. John Hill, the suit claims San 

Antonio is illegally allowing vast quantities of waste sludge to build up and remain in Mitchell Lake. 

A 1973 state law amendment gave the city two years to remove all waste sludge from the 85o-acre South Side lake. On the mid-1975 clean-up target date, the petition points out, “ large arter signs jobs bill 

NEW YORK TIMES SERVICE 
WASHINGTON - President 
Carter signed two bills Friday that administration officials said would create more than a million jobs, primarily for construction workers and young people. 
The two pieces of legislation, a key component of his economic recovery package, authorized the expenditure of 
$4 billion for public works projects — schools, libraries, city halls and simi­ lar facilities — and appropriated $2o billion to fund that program and other public service employment. 
He called the new laws “ a major move in the right direction’’ but 

S.A. area to get $27 m il­ 

 warned that the country still has a long way to go before its economic prob­ lems are solved. 
Ceremony 

White House aides moved a small desk and chair out into the Rose Gar­ den for the signing ceremonies, and a crowd of state, local and federal offi­ cials gathered around it to watch the 
President put his signature to the do­ cuments. 
Although the public works bill did not return to the White House in pre­ cisely the form he had proposed, 
Carter was nevertheless happy with what the Congress had done. 
The legislation provides $4 billion to 

 vm: 

PHIL H AR D BERG ER and “ Spirit of San A n to n io ' 1 — re a d y for S a tu rd a y 's fligh t 
STAFF PHOTO BY TARRY TARSIKES 
S.A.’s T one Eagle’ off for Paris 

By SARA MARTINEZ 
Equipping the “Spirit of San Anton­ io” with a survival suit, emergency life raft and five special sandwiches, San 
Antonio’s “ Lone Eagle” completed preparations Friday for his solo flight to Paris. 
Attorney Phil Hardberger will board his single-engine Bellanea Viking at 6 a.m. Saturday for a 41-hour flight to celebrate the 5oth anniversary of 
Charles A. Lindbergh’s historic flight. 
The special sandwiches are a gift from Hardberger’s daughter. Amy, who had read Lindbergh took five sandwiches on his flight. 
Hardberger will fly from San Anton­ io to Paris via New York City; Gander, 
Newfoundland; Narssarssuaq, Green­ land; 
Reykjavik, 
Iceland, and 
Shannon, Ireland. 
“My advantage is superior and more reliable equipment,” Hardberger said at “Bon Voyage” ceremonies at Stin­ son Field. 
“But my disadvantage is that I have 

 a shorter range so I have to go further north. I will have more problems with icing and cold temperatures.” 
At the ceremonies, Postmaster John 
J. Saldana designated the “ Spirit of 
San Antonio” as Special Air Mail 
Flight No. 2, Lindbergh’s being No. I, from San Antonio to Paris. 
H ardberger was also presented written greetings to take to the people of Paris from the citizens of Bexar 
County and San Antonio by County 

Com. Jeff Wentworth and Mayor Pro 
Tem Henry Cisneros. 
Bishop Patrick Flores led the group of well-wishers in prayers for a safe flight. 
“ I will also have communications the entire route,” Hardberger said. 
“Lindbergh did not.” 
To get a broader range on his high- frequency radio, Hardberger had a trailing antenna installed about a week ago. A spool with a release mechanism 

 for the trailing antenna is inside the plane. 
The Bellanea normally seats four, but Hardberger installed three addi­ tional gas tanks, cutting the seating capacity to one. 
With the additional tanks, Hard­ berger will have a fuel capacity of 156 gallons. 
Hardberger, who has 3,ooo hours 

$46o billion budget okayed by Senate 

GOOD MORNING) 
—■ 
........................................w 
Index 

Action Express............................ 4E 
Arts...............................................8,9C 
Astrology.........................................4E 
B ridge.... 
...........................IIC 
Business, Finance.................... 12D 
Church N ews...............................4,SB 
Comics................................... 1oC,4E 
Crossword Puzzles.......................IOC 
Deaths.......................................... IID 
Editorials...................................... 8A 
Gardening.................................... 4D 
Markets....................................12-15D 
Newsmakers................................. 2A 
Scene.............................................1-3E 
Sports............................................1-7C 
Television......................................IIC 
Theaters........................................8,9C 
Want Ads................. 7-llD,M2F,5E 
Weather......................................... 12C 

COLUMNISTS 
Jack Anderson............................. 2A 
Dan Cook.........................................3C 
Dan Klepper....................................SC 
Ann Landers...................................2E 
Dr. Geo. Thosteson...................... 4E 

Chuckle 
Somebody once said that in order to live off a garden, you practically have to live in it. 

Forecast 
Partly cloudy, warm. High, low 

F R ID A Y ’S T E M P E R A T U R E S 

9 a rn. 
1o a m. 
11 am . 
Noon 
1 p.m. 
2 p.m. 
3 p.m. 
4 p.m. 
Midnight 69 l l ITH YEAR 
NO. 62 
68 PAGES 

T E L E P H O N E S : 
W ant A d s (M o n -Fri. 8 a m.-5.3o p.m.) 225-1666; All other depart­ ments (7 a m. 9 p m.) 225-7411; City editor (9 p m 7 a rn.) 225-7411; Sports editor (9 p m -7 a rn.) 227-3721 or 227-77o1 

DID YOU KNOW: If you receive home delivery of the Express and Sunday 
Express-Nevvs $1 more will bring you the evening News for a month. Total 
$4.35 per month. Call 225-7411 for prompt delivery. 

WASHINGTON (AP) - The Senate approved on Friday a tentative budget of $46o.9 billion with a $64.6 billion deficit, figures close to P resident 
Carter’s proposals but containing less for defense than he wanted. 
However, a stiffer test awaits the fiscal blueprint in the House. The measure approved by the Senate is a compromise worked out in a Senate- 
Ilouse conference. The House still must vote on it. 
The budget resolution adopted by the 
Senate 54 to 22 targets $111 billion for defense spending in the year beginning 
Oct. I. 
This is $1.1 billion more than the 
House voted for the Pentagon. That vote came on the second try. The first budget resolution offered the House failed when liberals revolted against what they called an over-generous al­ lotment for the military. 
The next House vote on the budget is scheduled tentatively for Tuesday. If the House approves it, the resolution will become a guide for spending bills between now and Septem ber, when 
Congress must adopt a final, binding fiscal blueprint. 
Most of the budget category allot­ ments in the Senate version are fairly close to C arter’s recommendations. 
The defense figure is about $1.8 billion uncbr the latest semiofficial estimate by the Office of M anagem ent and 
Budget. 
The conference report said the Pen­ 

 tagon would be expected to slow down foreign military sales, use up some funds left over from earlier years and absorb part of pending pay increases. 

Backers of the legislation were guardedly optimistic, in part because of evidence of bipartisan support for the compromise ham m ered out in three days of hard Senate-House bar­ 

 gaining. 
Not only did all Senate conferees of both parties sign the com prom ise report, but two of the Republican 
►House conferees did likewise. On all previous budget resolutions, Repub­ lican House conferees withheld their support and only a handful of GOP members in the chamber itself voted for adoption. 
Castillo sworn in as 
INS commissioner 

WASHINGTON 
(AP) 
- 
A 
Mexican-American assumed the job 
Friday of stopping the flow of illegal im m igrants from his an cestral homeland — a job President Carter characterized as perhaps harder than his own. 
Carter watched in the White House 
Rose Garden as Atty. Gen. Griffin Bell adm inistered the oath th at m ade 
Leonel Castillo, 38, commissioner of the U.S. Immigration and Naturaliza­ tion Service. The former Houston city controller is the first Mexican-Amer­ ican to hold the job. 
Bell also gave the oaths of office that made Graciella Olivarez the director of the Community Services Administra- 

INS commissioner gran d­ son o f fo rm er Mexican 

 tion; Jay Solomon the administrator of the General Services Administration, and Alan K. Campbell the head of the 
Civil Service Commission. 
‘T m a little nervous,” Castillo said afterwards, as he contemplated the difficult task of enforcing the law against the millions of illegal Mex­ icans believed to be in this country and at the same time keeping faith with the 
Mexican-American citizens’ groups 
See INS, Page ISA 

 quantities of accumulated sludge re­ mained.” 
Also targeted is the city’s practice of allowing effluent from its Rilling Road and Leon Creek sewage treatm ent! plants to pour into the lake, the peti-i tion alleges. 
Under a 1974 Texas Water Quality!! 
Control Board order, only effluents! m eeting established clean-up stan-S| dards is permitted into the lake. The \ petition alleges that rule has been vio-g lated by the city. 
The result, according to the petition, is accumulated sludge caused by the discharge of sewage has created offen- J sive odors that interfere with normal J use and enjoyment of nearby property. I 
Lawsuits 
The lake has long been the target of hostile complaints and even lawsuits : by South Side neighbors. 
At one point, shortly after the 1973l l clean-up law was passed, San An-1 tonio started trying to aerate Mitchell 
Lake waters to reduce the odor. At the I same time, public works crews alsoB tried removing some of the sludge. 
Water from the lake, in the past, hasc4 been used to irrigate up to 4,IKM) acres; of neighboring agricultural land. 
Nuisance 
Hill filed the suit on grounds the lake is still functioning as a public nuisance , despite orders to clean it up. 
He is after eivil penalties of up to 
$1o,ooo a day for each day San Antonio J dumped municipal sewage into the ; lake and another $1o,ooo daily for each day accum ulated waste sludge re-Si mains there. 
Hill also has asked for a permanent u, injunction barring continued operation ■ cif the lake as a publie nuisance. 
Coed is fleeced o f $5oo 

By CECIL CLIFT 
Friday the 13th was extremely un-ffj lucky for a San Antonio College coed who lost $5oo to two smooth-talking con artists she met downtown. 
The 25-year-old coed was approached by a fat woman in front of a shoe store in the 3oo block of East Houston Street around 1o:3o a.m. As the two talked, the third woman walked up to them saying she had found an envelope, reports said. 
A check of the envelope reportedly resulted in the finding of a large am ount of money — supposedly 
$ 2o,ooo. 
The fat woman took the “ found” money to the sixth floor of a downtown building. When she came back to where the others waited, she said she had been told they could all three share in the find if they each up put up at least $5oo. 
One of the women, accompanied the coed to a Northwest Side bank where 
$5oo was withdrawn from her account, built up from her earnings as a part­ tim e 
Audie 
M urphy 
V eterans 
Administration Hospital employe. 
Upon returning to the office build­ ing, the coed was instructed to wait in the sixth floor hallway with a $1 bill in her hand. She would be contacted by a man, who would give her a share of the money, she told officers. 
After waiting five minutes, the coed realized something was wrong. She j vainly searched for the two before contacting police. 

Legion rejects a non-citizen 
COLUMBUS, Ohio (AP) - A popular high school honor student who was a unanimous choice to attend the Amer­ ican Legion’s Boys State has been rejected by the sponsors because he is not an American citizen. 
The rejection of Vishnu Srivastava, a native of India, by Legion Post 82 has angered James C. Furgason, principal of Whetstone High School. The faculty had picked the 16-year-old to attend the 
Legion’s annual exercise in self- government. 

H 
San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Saturday May 14 1977 
Nureyev pushing to see mother 

Rudolf Nureyev, the dancer who is one of the world’s most famous exiles, said Friday he is turning in frustration to international public opinion in a last-resort attempt to see his aging mother. 
In 1961 Nureyev, already a cele­ brated star of the Soviet ballet, left his family and his native Russia behind and defected to the West. He has always maintained his motives were “ purely artistic,” not politi­ cal. 
“ Sixteen years is a long time and my mother is not young,” Nureyev said Friday as he broke his public silence and asked for help from a congressional commission con­ cerned with Soviet compliance with the human rights provisions of the 
Helsinki accords, including visita­ tion rights for separated families. 
“ It amazes me,” Nureyev said. 
“ It is such a simple request. I am just flabbergasted it would be de­ nied to a Soviet citizen to make such a visit.” 
Nureyev recounted his repeated attempts over the years to win per­ mission for his mother, now 73, to leave Russia for a short visit with him. He also wants to receive visits from his sister and his niece. 
All requests have been denied and 
Nureyev said Soviet bureaucrats have asked his mother to sign a do­ cument stating she does not want to see her son. 
“ I last talked to her by telephone two months ago,” he said. “ She said, oh well, I guess I will not see you. . . I’m probably too old now. I probably will never see you.” 
The congressmen who make up the Commission on Security and 
Cooperation In Europe say that 
Nureyev’s case is not an isolated one. 

Unimpressed 

Mrs. Rosalynn Carter holds her newest grandchild, James 
Earl Carter IV, during a performance by the Little General doggers of Kennesaw, G a., at the White House. The folk dance group is on a nationwide tour on behalf of Georgia’s cultural arts program. — AP Wirephoto 

Yale to honor 
Ford 

Former President Gerald Ford 
Secretary of State Cyrus R, Vance and the next U.S. ambassador to 
Great Britain -- Yale University’s president — are expected to be at 
Yale on Monday for an unprece­ dented series of Yale events. 
Ford, a Yale Law School grad­ uate, and about a dozen other prominent persons will be awarded honorary degrees at Yale’s morning commencement. 
Vance, also a Yale graduate, is scheduled to swear in Yale Presi­ dent Kingman Brewster Jr. during a private ceremony as ambassador to Britain. However, Brewster is not expected to assume his actual duties in London for another week. 
Miss Nursing 
Home picked 

Laura Houck, a retired mission­ ary and mother of six, was crowned 
Miss Nursing Home of 1977. 
Mrs. Houck, 88, competed with more than 2o contestants ranging in age from 62 to 97. 
Mrs. Houck lives with her husband, William, in a nursing home in Leon, Iowa. She nearly broke into tears as she was wrapped in a silky gold-fringed lavender cape, seated on a throne and pre­ sented with a dozen long-stemmed roses and ornate crown and scepter. 
Gay hits cleric with pie 

Roman Catholic Archbishop John 
R. Roach was hit in the face with a chocolate cream pie thrown by a gay rights advocate at a dinner of the National Conference of Chris­ tians and Jews in St. Paul, Minn. 
Patrick Schwartz, the pie 

 thrower, said after the incident he threw the pie because he believed 
Roach was being hypocritical in accepting the conference’s National 

Brotherhood Award. 
Schwartz said the archbishop had 

 worked to defeat a gay rights bill in the state legislature. 

The archbishop said he bore no hostility toward Schwartz and two companions for the Thursday night disruption of the dinner. 
Mexico to free 1,943 

MEXICO CITY (AP) - 
Drug possession charges against some 1,943 per­ sons, including at least 18 
Americans, have been dropped by the Mexican attorney general under a new policy easing Mex­ ico’s traditional hard line against drug users. 
The office of Atty. Gen. 
Oscar Flores announced 
Friday that those ben­ efitting from the mea­ sure will be freed during the course of a week. 
A spokesman said the identity of the foreigners involved was not availa­ ble immediately. 
A U.S. Embassy spo­ kesman said the consular 

 section had received a partial list of names of persons believed to be 
Americans. 
“ We don’t know how many Americans will be affected. We will attempt to identify the Americans on the list, but it will mean checking with all consular districts in 
Mexico and the U.S. State 
Department,’’ the spo­ kesman said. 
He said at least 18 had been identified as Amer­ icans by Friday. These were in addition to 15 others who were freed several weeks ago before the attorney general’s of­ fice officially announced 

Atty. Gen. Oscar Flores said Mexico would no longer prosecute persons arrested with sm all amounts o f drugs fo r their own use 

 the new policy. 
Atty. Gen. Flores said 
Mexico would no longer prosecute persons ar­ rested with small amounts of drugs for their own use, although the full force of the law would be applied against those involved in produc­ tion, sale or trafficking. 
Drug offenses, con­ sidered as crimes against the public health, carry jail terms upon convic­ 

 tion of from three to 15 years. 
There are some BOO 
Americans in Mexican jails, the majority of them on drug charges, mainly of importing co­ caine from South Amer­ ica or possessing mari­ juana. 
It was not clear im­ mediately whether con­ victed persons whose cases have been ap­ pealed will be eligible 
Afeni 
Vetted Bud 
Bpedal 
$139 

Regularly priced at 
$175, save $36. Impec­ cably tailored tropical weight polyester/wool vested suits in gray, blue or tan solids and soft stripes. Available right now at this extra­ ordinary price. 

PINCUS 
■ r n m p i n v houston st at broadway 
W illi rill I 
4 1 n M cC u l l o u g h 

 for release under the new policy. 
Mexico has traditional­ ly maintained a tough stand against narcotics violations and has con­ sidered marijuana as dangerous a drug as her­ oin. 
Changed thinking 
However, the attorney general’s office said 
Friday that Mexico had changed its thinking on the personal use of drugs after reviewing court cases and finding large numbers of persons have been accused of possess­ ing small amounts of narcotics. 
“ The current social si­ tuation in the world ought to be taken into consideration as well as the attitude of many youths in Mexico in re­ spect to the occasional use of mild drugs such as marijuana, the office said in a press statement. 
“ The majority.of those accused for small amounts of drugs are youths who would be tremendously damaged in jails,” it added. 

Pentagon twist 
Brown barbs into compliment 

WASHINGTON — Gen. George Brown, who heads the 
Joint Chiefs of Staff, has managed to insult American 
Jews, Israel, Iran and Great Britain in succession. 
He has even suggested that the con­ stitutional right to privacy be ignored by wholesale opening of citizens’ mail. 
Now the general has vented his wrath against Congress. But the Pen­ tagon, we have discovered, has man­ aged to make it appear that Brown was actually praising the legislators. 
In a long interview last year with writer and cartoonist Ranan Lurie, 
Brown charged that Congress lacked the courage to stand up to the Soviet 
Union in Angola. 
Although the Joint Chiefs tradition­ ally refrain from criticizing Congress, 
Brown said brashly: 
“ We certainly didn’t act that way 
(courageously) in Angola. You know we didn’t. Congress prohibited us from spending money to provide some ba­ lance to the Soviet initiative. 
Clean transcript 
The Pentagon later released a tran­ script of the interview, but amazingly, it quoted Brown as praising Congress. 
“ No one involved in Congress is prohibiting us from spending money” to counter Soviet intervention, the mi­ litary version said. 
Admittedly, the tape is unclear on first hearing, as we learned from lis­ tening to it ourselves. 
Pentagon officials acknowledged their transcript was wrong but insisted it was only an inadvertent mistake. 
In the past, Brown has decried 
Jewish “ ownership” of American newspapers and banks, called Israel a 
“ burden” on the United States, and described Britain’s military as “ path­ etic.” 
Brown has not heard the end of this latest brouhaha. For Lurie, who broke many of the stories about 
Brown’s previous insults, is now charging the Pentagon with covering up the gener­ al’s attack on Congress. 

Jack 

On April ll, an FPC official admit­ ted in a taped telephone talk with pro-consumer utility men that the chapter actually had been prepared. 
It was deliberately omitted by the 
FPC brass, he conceded, to buy time for the Texas utilities. 
“ A chapter . . . has been eliminat­ ed,” his interrogators say. Did it relate to the Texas hook-up? 
“ That’s correct,” agreed the FPC official. 
“ What’s in it?” he was asked. 
“ Yeah, I am just wondering how to handle this,” the official demurred. 
“ Of course, what you are asking me is to give you the missing ... information without supplying the missing chapter and . 
“ We don’t want to put you in a bind . 
, .” the consumer man said. 
Released 

Astonishingly, the FPC official then revealed that the first three chapters were released to see whether they were 

Power play 

“ This measure is of great moral, social and judicial significance,” the statement said. “ We hope that the youths and their parents will be in accord with this disposi­ tion, for it has as its final purpose the preservation and strengthening of the family unit.” 
Largest source 

Mexico is the largest source of smuggled mar­ ijuana and heroin into the 
United States and has cooperated for several years with the U.S. Drug 
Enforcement Adminis­ tration in stopping the il­ legal trade. 
One result has been the interception at the Mex­ ico City International 
Airport of hundreds of 
Americans trying to smuggle cocaine from 
South American coun­ tries to the United States. 
They have protested of extortion, torture and denial of human rights upon arrest and in Mex­ ican prisons. 
Treaty 

Mexico has ratified the treaty, but it will not take effect until the U.S. Sen­ ate acts on it and ena­ bling legislation is passed by both houses of the U.S. Congress. 

In a secretly recorded telephone conversation, a Fe­ deral Power Commission official has admitted that his agency is favoring 
Texas utility magnates at the expense of consumers. 
The agency’s tilt, in defiance of 
President Carter’s energy plan, could cost consumers almost $2oo million by the end of the decade. 
Carter has urged that regional elec­ tricity systems hook up with each other. This would cut rates and save power by allowing electricity to move across state lines as the need arises. 
Not connected 
Most of Texas, however, is not con­ nected to the nation’s power system. 
And most of the huge private utilities in Texas want to keep it that way. 
The electricity moguls complain that buying new equipment for the hook­ ups would cut into their profits. But they also want to avoid regulation by the FPC — which would come with a nationwide hook-up. 
A 1972 study by the Power Commis­ sion estimated that linking up Texas utilities to neighboring states could save the consumers almost $2oo mil­ lion by 198o. 
The Nixon Administration was then courting the utilities and the commis­ sion was filled with pro-industry Tex­ ans, including counsel Gordon Gooch and Commissioner Rush Moody. 
Indeed, Gooch now represents Texas utilities fighting the proposed hook-up. 
Understandably, the 1972 study came to nothing. 
In recent days, the FPC has done another study. But mysteriously, the key chapter on how much the Texas hook-up now would save consumers has been left out. 

'We certainly didn't act that tray 
(courageously) in A ngola. You know we didn't. Congress prohi­ bited us from spending money to provide some balance to the Soviet initiative. . .' 

“ satisfactory . . . to the utilities . . . I think this is the reason (his FPC bosses) want to withhold the cost chapter, to find out is that satisfactory 
(to the Texas utility magnates).” 
Middle-level staffers at FPC also blamed their bosses for suppressing the new cost data. The chapter was written, one told us digustedly, but “ it was washed out 
. . . it was controversial.” 
A secret General Accounting Office report also blasts the FPC. 
The draft report, stamped not to be released “ under any circumstances,” said the FPC let down the public by failing to push for the money-saving hook-ups. 
An FPC spokesman denied the agency was knuckling under to the big 
Texas utilities. 
He said the missing chapter was held back because officials thought it “ may cause some concern,” but will be in­ cluded in the final report. 

Settin strai 

Coldwater to Nixon: 
Tell why of break-in 

WASHINGTON (A P ) 
— Sen. Barry Gold wa ter 
Friday called on former 
President Richard M. 
Nixon to make a special television appearance and “ honestly explain why Watergate hap­ pened.” 
Goldwater, the conser­ vative Republican from 
Arizona, said 
Nixon should go beyond the ex­ planations he offered during an hour and a half interview with David 

 f His actions have destroyed the political party to which I devoted my life. ’ 

Frost last week and say, 
“ This is what happened. 
This is how the break-in came about.” 

After the first Frost interview, 
Goldwater said no Republican “ in his right mind” would ever consider Nixon as a 
EXPRESS-NEWS 

Published coch Soturdoy Sunday ond I oboe Day, Thanksgiving Po y, ond on July 4 , Christmas 
Day, N ew Yeor , Coy, when they occur Mondoy through friday Alco published, on o Monday when July 4, Christmas Poy. New Year s P o y foils on o preceding Sunday 

 v 
By The Express-News Corporation 

P O Bor 21. I 
Son Antonio, Te*os 78297 
Second Class Postoge Paid of 

Son Antonio, Texas 
Regisirado corno Ofbculo de 2da close el 29 de fnero 1922. en la Admin,,trot,on de Correos 

 en Nuevo Laredo. Tamps,, Mexico, 

Ail communications should be addressed to Son Antonio Express, or San Anton.o News This 

 newspaper will not be responsible for manuscript* or photograph* not solicited, for publication. 

Inside Texas 

Morning & Sunday 
Morning O n ly, . . , 
Evening & Sunday 
Evening Only 
Sunday Only 

MAIL SUBSCRIPTION RATES 

(Puces ab o ve include sotes ta, ) 

I Mo 

$5 49 ii 65 ii o7 
54 41 
53 21 

6 M o , 

528 1 1 
523 9o 
526 13 
523 o5 
516 15 

I Yr iii 74 
54 6 I I 
55o id i i i 54 
53o 85 

DOWNTOWN9:3o TO 5:3o MON THRU SAT SUBURBAN9:3o TO 6:oo MON THRU SAT 

PARKING BEHIND DOWNTOWN STORE: 
ALL MAJOR CREDIT CARDS HONORED 
I 
M 
'J 

OTHER STATES 

Morning 6 Sunday 
5 3 1 3 4 

Morning Only 
55 2o 
527 47 limning 4 Sunday 
J J 4 J 
J 3 o 2 J 
Evening Only 
} 4 / 9 j Q 
Sunday Only j j 43 
5 1 4 9 3 

(SuhKnptiont suicide lenin ere not nittier! Ie lei ) 

Home delivery monthly rotes m San Anton®. Morning ond Sundoy, S3 4o per month (includes 

 tori 6 day Morning only. 52 7o per month (includes las) Sundoy only — 4 Sunday — S l.4 7 p e r month (includes tori 5 Sundoy — 51 84 per month (includes to*). 
C O M B IN A ’ iO N RATE Morning, Evening, Saturday ond Sundoy, $4.35 per month. 

561 17 
553 75 
558 99 
551 43 
532 74 

 political candidate for any office. 
“ Now I have to admit that that is a very harsh judgment on a man who was a friend for many years,” Goldwater said today. 
The senator said he of­ ten campaigned for Nix­ on’s election campaigns and Nixon campaigned 
“ for me wholeheartedly 
... at least in his concep­ tion of the term.” 

Block 

Nonetheless, 
Gold­ water said until Nixon makes a full explanation of the origins of the scandal which drove the former president from office, the Republican party should block any return by Nixon to public life. 
“ When he does that,” 
Goldwater said in a sta­ tement. “I will be willing to reappraise my feeling towards him, but not un­ til then. 

“ His actions have des­ troyed the political party to which I devoted my life.” 
In the Frost interview, 
Nixon admitted to “ let­ ting the American people down” and lying during attempts to shield his closest aides. 
BARRY GOLDWATER 
. . . harsh words 
Nixon’s ratings take nose dive 

NEW YORK (A P) - 
The audience for David 
Frost’s second televised interview' with former 
President Richard M. 
Nixon was about half as large in New York and 
Los Angeles as it was for the first program on Wa­ tergate a week ago, two rating services said F ri­ day. 
A. C. Nielsen Co. es­ timated 95o,ooo house­ holds in New York were tuned in Thprsday night for the interview on 

 foreign policy, compared with 2,11o,ooo for the in­ terview on Watergate. 
Neilsen estimated the audience Thursday night at 63o,ooo households in the Los Angeles area, down from 1,26o,ooo the week before. 

In New York, Nielsen said, that was 24 per cent of the households watch­ ing TV at the time, down from the 47 per cent share for the* first pro- 
'gram. 

I 

The Express incorrectly reported in 
Friday’s 
Weekend 
Events the 
Chamber Arts Ensemble of ,San An­ tonio will present a concert Saturday at 
Southwest Texas State University. 
The concert will be held at 7 p.m. 
June 15 in the university’s fine arts auditorium. 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— -Saturday May 14 1977 
H 
Page . 3-A 
'Dignified9 Ferrari burial to be costly 

By VICKIE DAVIDSON 

The dollars and cents cost to bury 
Sandra Ilene West in her 1964 Ferrari could run past $9,ooo. 
The Los Angeles judge who ruled the wealthy socialite could be buried in her 
F errari allocated $9<335 from her mul­ ti-million dollar estate for the burial. 

“ P o rter Loring M ortuary is not charging that,” emphasized funeral director Porter Loring Jr. Friday. 
Most of the expense will come in the 

 mechanics of carrying out the unusual funeral, he explained. 
Mrs. West, who died March IO, asked in a handw ritten 1972 will for the 
Ferrari burial. 
In that will she said she wanted to be buried “ next to my husband in my lace nightgown by P orter Loring (M or­ tuary) and in my Ferrari with the seat slanted comfortably.” 
H er husband, Texas oilm an Ike 
West, is buried in the Alamo Masonic 
C em etery at North Pine and East 
Commerce streets. 

The mechanics of carrying out the w om an’s request will m ean hiring special help to open up a car-sized grave and construct a car-sized box, 
Loring said. 
The Los Angeles judge, who stressed the burial be carried out with as much dignity as possible, ruled the car must be buried inside a box. 
“ A great bulk of the cost is in construction of the box. It’s not a little crate,” Loring said. 
He said the box had to be sturdy enough to hold the sports car and the 

 concrete reinforcement. The concrete is another court requirement. 
“ Until ifs over we won’t know what it will c o s t. . . it’s so much more than just the funeral of the lady,” Loring said. 
Loring said he couldn’t reveal his c h a rg e s 
— m inus the ex tra 
Ferrari-connected costs — for burying the woman. 
“ That would be a breach of confi­ dence with the family.” 
Loring has said it’s im portant to carry the funeral out with dignity and 

 delicacy. 
The date of the funeral has not been set. 
Los Angeles officials confirm ed 
T hu rsd ay the F e rra ri was being shipped to San Antonio for the burial. 
But, Loring said Friday the car had not arrived yet. 
In order to preserve dignity, how­ ever, court officials have said the time of arrival should not be revealed to the public. 
Mrs. West was 37 when she died. No cause of death has been established. 

But, Los Angeles officials have set a 
June 2 inquest to find the cause of death. 
The beneficiary of her multi-million dollar estate has not been determined. 
Her 1972 will left the bulk of her estim ated $5 million estate to her brother-in-law, Sol West III of Com­ fort. 
A later will left her estate to family friend Fred Semaan, a San Antonio attorney. 
She has been temporarily entombed in a San Antonio mausoleum. 
Rewards offered for clues in deaths 

Rewards of $2,5oo were of­ fered Friday by Secret Witness for information leading to the solution of the apparent stran­ gulation deaths of three women. 

The rew ards w ere offered in the deaths of Nancy Jane Frese, 24; Linda 
Hopwood, 29, and Kathryn Mardis, 24. 
24. 

The citizens’ protection committee voted to offer a reward in each of the cases but to limit the total reward to 
$2,5oo if the same defendant is involved in all three cases. 

Chief Deputy Sheriff Rudy Garza said the sheriff’s office has reached a dead end in its investigation of the deaths of 
Miss Hopwood and M iss Frese. San 

Mrs. Hopwood asked thai any contributions be given to Secret Witness . . . 

Antonio Police Insp. Jack Hutton said 
I he police faced the sam e problem in the death of Mrs. Mardis. 

Both said they felt rew ards might aid in the solution of the deaths. 

Extra reward 
In addition to the $2,5oo, an extra reward of $175 was posted in the death of M iss Hopwood. The m oney was donated by fellow w orkers of Miss 
H opwood’s m o th er, M rs. Shannon 
Hopwood, at the U.S. Defense Contract 
Administration Service. 

Mrs. Hopwood asked that any con­ tributions be given to Secret Witness to aid in the solution of her daughter’s death. 

Miss F rese, 314 Crestwood Drive, disappeared Dec. 17 after she left the courthouse for a lunch and shopping trip . She was a c le rk for County 
Court-at-Law Judge Carol Haberman. 

Her badly decomposed body, with the belt of a housecoat around the neck, was found Feb. 24 in a brushy area in Northeast Bexar County off 
Bulverde Road. 

M iss Hopwood’s body, with her brassiere wrapped around the neck, was found in the same general area on 
April 3o. 

She d isap p eared A pril 27 a fte r calling her mother to tell her she was going for a job interview. 

Mrs. M ardis’ body, a belt and a cord around the neck, was discovered in their apartm ent on IH41o on April 23 by her husband, Kelly AFB Lt. Jam es 
Mardis. 

4r The U T S A 

EXPRESS-NEWS CAPITOL BUREAU 
AUSTIN - An official of Lo-Vaca 
G athering Co. said Friday the com­ pany’s latest problem with the state 
Railroad Commission over gross re­ ceipts taxes could be the result of a misunderstanding. 
Don Newquist, Lo-Vaca’s vice presi­ dent of public affairs, was commenting on a hearing called for June 7 by the 
RRC to probe allegations Lo-Vaca owes 
$238,ooo or more in taxes. 
The hearing was announced Thurs­ day by Joseph Fiotrowski, director of the commission’s Utilities Division. 
Piotrow ski said an audit had un­ earthed what he called some question­ able tax payments practices within the 
Coastal States Gas Corp. fam ily, of which Lo-Vaca is a part. 
More rewards 

Rewards are also being offered on the following cases: 
• 
The hit and run death of 
Robert Jam es Campbell, 18, of 9o2 
Lovett Ave. His body was found 
Oct. 3o in the 6oo block of Bynum 
Street. Reward: $2,5oo. 
• 
The hit and run death of 
Santiago 
Hernandez, 
65, struck while walking in the 14oo block of 
Sanez Street Dec. 2o. Reward: 
$3,ooo. 
• The slaying of Pat Shovlin, 17, discovered lying in his backyard at 
2o9 W. Woodlawn Ave. by family members. A .22 caliber bullet was lodged in his brain. Reward: $2,5oo. 

• 
Peresiliano “ Shorty” Salinas 
17, shot and robbed while he was in a car parked in the 2oo block of 
Burns Place in Victoria Courts July 
IO, 1976. Reward: $2,5oo. 
• The decomposed, nude body of 
Lillie Mae Ramos, 18, was found 
May 27, 1975, in a vacant lot next to her mother’s home at 1354 Penfield 
Drive. The girl apparently had been tortured, according to the m edical e x a m in e r’s re p o rt. 
Reward: $2,5oo. 
• 
Thomas Young, 19, a USAF airman was shot through the heart 

 by one of two assailants Feb. 14, 
1975. According to a companion, he and Young had been approached by two bandits who ordered them to drive to a residential area and took a total of $5o. 
Young was killed when he tried to chase the robbers. Reward: 
$2,5oo. 
• Joyce P. Stein, 39, was found shot to death on the second-floor balcony of her plush Terrell Hills home at 928 Eventide Drive April 
13, 1976. Reward: $1o,ooo. 
• On Jan. 27, 1976, the body of 
Ramiro Sanchez, 52, of 213o Jim 
Bowie Drive was found on FM471. 
He had been shot to death and his car and belongings taken. Reward: 
$2,5oo. 
Persons with information about 
Secret Witness cases should call the committee at 225-3131. 
The committee, formed to aid law enforcement agencies in solv­ ing cases on which detection has come to a dead end, is an adjunct of the district attorney’s office. 
All donations to the com m ittee are tax deductible. 
Donations can be m ailed to Se­ cret Witness, P.O. Box 1684, San 
Antonio, 78297. 
Hobby fest starts today 

Ft. Sam Houston’s 2oth anniversary 
Hobby Festival Saturday and Sunday at the Road Runner Recreation Center will kickoff Armed Forces Week in San 
Antonio. 
Although not an official event of 
Armed Forces Week, the festival, fea­ turing more that IOO hobby exhibits ranging from razor blade collections to 
World War II m emorabilia, serves as a natural lead in to the festivities. 

Also on Sunday, m ilitary chaplains and m em bers of the local clergy will take p a rt in the traditional pulpit exchange during Sunday m orning worship services. 
The Hobby Festival will start at noon and run until 6 p.m. each day. Outdoor activities including quick-draw, dog obedience, casting and radio control a irc ra ft dem onstrations w ill be in­ cluded. 

However, while the practices may concern other p arts of the Coastal operation, Lo-Vaca is the announced target. 

He said the hearing was to develop 
“ exactly what taxes are owed and if 
Lo-Vaca should nav them .” 

At the c e n te r ol m e problem is 
$238,ooo in gross receipts taxes de­ ducted from Lo-Vaca’s payment to the state for the first quarter of 1977. 

Overpayment 

Lo-Vaca claim s the deduction was made to cover previous tax overpay­ m ents m ade by the company during 
1973. 

According to Newquist , the problem arose from a tran sactio n with Rio 
Grande Valley Gas Co., a division of 
Coastal States. 

Prior to Jan. I, 1973, according to 
Newquist, the Public Utilities Board of 
B row nsville, 
Union 
C arb id e at 
Brownsville arid Central Pow er and 
Light’s Bates and Las Palm as plants in the Rio Grande Valley bought gas from 
Rio Grande Valley Gas Co. 

Obligation 

“ However, effective Jan . I, 1973, 
Lo-Vaca assumed Rio’s obligation to supply these customers. 

“ As a re su lt, a tra n sp o rta tio n agreem ent was entered between Lo- 
Vaca and Rio calling for a cost-of-ser- vice fee to be paid by Lo-Vaca for the use of Rio’s transmission facilities to supply these custom ers.” 

N ew quist continued “ Rio reports and pays gross receipts tax on these revenues. 
“ Lo-V aca, on the o th er hand, purchases this gas at the wellhead, the gas goes directly into Rio’s system and is delivered to the customers. 
“ The gas doesn’t enter the Lo-Vaca system, is not transported by Lo-Vaca and consequently Lo-Vaca should not be obligated to pay gross receipts tax on it.” 
Lo-Vaca paid 
But Lo-Vaca, according to Newquist, did pay these taxes for a period in 1973. 
E arlier this year, Newquist contin­ ued, when Lo-Vaca officials felt the tax es paid in 1973 re p re se n te d an overpaym ent, a letter was w ritten to the RRC. 
The letter asked the RRC to advise 
Lo-Vaca if the company was precluded from deducting the taxes paid p re­ viously in error, Newquist said. 
“ Since we didn’t hear from them in reply,” he said, “ we just went ahead and deducted the money.” 

Hospital tax status review plans launched 

University of Texas at San Antonio’s first European tour departs Saturday for students who will visit with European business leaders as part of an undergrad­ uate accounting class. Making stops in 13 European cities will be Linda Carr, front, and, left to right, Rita Cavazos, Sylvia Bento, Dr. Ruth Bullard, Tim 
McGee, Patti Beiter, Lisa Parks and Kenny Carr. Dr. Bullard will conduct the class sessions for the I 7 students on the tour, which will return to San Antonio May 
3o. — Photo by Git Barrera. 
Lo-Vaca official: 
Tax hearing result o f m isunderstanding 

By DEBORAH WESER 

Commissioners Court by a 4-1 vote Friday took its first step towards reviewing the tax ex­ empt status of all local charity hospitals. 
Com. Albert Bustamante cast the only opposing vote. 
The action cam e in the form of a resolution asking outside au d ito rs 
Alexander Grant & Co. to prepare a tentative contract covering its partici­ pation in a scrutiny of the hospitals’ financial operations. 
The work will be done in conjunction with County Auditor Oliver Lewis and 
Tax 
Assessor-Col lector 
Ben 
Shaw, 
County Judge Blair Reeves said . 
Bustamante wanted the move stalled until Com m issioners Court could ob­ tain definite legal opinions on charita­ ble status from the district attorney’s office. 
Tentative 
Reeves pointed out the tentative contract will have to come back to the court for further discussion before any probe begins. 
U ltim ately, he indicated, the exa­ m ination will sp read to other p ro­ perties now on the exem pt rolls and very likely will be repeated at regular intervals in the future. 
“ We owe it to the people to check if they’re doing what they’re supposed to be d o in g ,’’ agreed Com. Tom Stoi- handske. R eeves felt the hospitals would cooperate in the financial exa­ mination, noting: 
Welcome 
“They have indicated to me they will more than welcome our investigation into their books.” 
B ustam ante earlier raised concern about reducing tax exemption status for hospitals with religious affiliations. 
Stolhandske said: 
“ The church has nothing to do with it. The books will show if they are do­ ing charity.” 
B exar County H ospital D istrict 
C hairm an Dr. H arvey Kom et first publicly urged lifting tax exemption from som e not-for-profit hospitals, claiming they are not living up to the eligibility c rite ria provided for ex­ emption by Texas law. 
Subsequently, Shaw said he planned a probe of all properties now on the exempt rolls. In the meantime, a 1969 attorney general’s legal opinion gives 

Ultimately . . . the examin­ ation will spread to other properties now on the ex­ empt rolls and very likely will be repeated at regular internals in the future 

Commissioners Court a review role to play in that kind of probe. 
With Friday’s court action, county officials appear to be heading into a joint review of the tax exempt lists. 
“ This doesn’t reflect on our charita­ ble hospitals if they’re doing a good job,” Reeves observed. 

In o th e r action, C om m issioners 
Court approved a $5,o9o pay hike for the half-dozen County Courts-at-Law judges. 

New salary 

T h eir new annual sa la ry will be pegged at $3o,ooo after May 16. 
County Court-at-Law Judge T. A r­ mour Ball explained their salaries had been frozen since 1973. 
“ We m issed the cost of living in ­ creases that the other em ployes of 
B exar County have received,” Ball pointed out. 
Con man took 
'hit man9 payoff from McManus 

By JERRY DEAL 
OF THE EXPRESS NEW S STAFF 

HOUSTON - Pool hustler and con artist Ben Milton Tabor 
Friday described how he swindled $12,ooo from Vernon 
McManus and Vernon Olney by making them think the cash was to be used to hire a professional killer. 
T abor, 41, whose outlandish testi­ mony often had the courtroom, includ­ ing Dist. Judge I. D. McMaster, in laughter returns to the stand here Sa­ turday. 
He is a key witness in the capital m urder trial of McManus, former San 
Antonio MacArthur High School foot­ ball coach. Testimony in the trial be­ gan Monday after taking seven weeks to pick a jury, plus a two-week delay when McManus fled to Florida. 
McManus, 34, is accused of killing 
Baytown contractor Paul Cantrell, and his wife, M ary, last Ju ly 25. Their daughter, Paula Cantrell Derese, 27, pleaded guilty in January to the slay­ ings which allegedly were for the es­ tate and insurance money. 
Garza nominated to be U.S. marshal 

By BILL MINTZ 
Chief Investigator Rudy A. Garza of the Bexar County district attorney’s office was nominated Friday to be U.S. m arshal. 
President Carter sent Garza’s name and that of U.S. M agistrate Jam ie C. 
Boyd to the U.S. Senate for confirma­ tion. 
Boyd was nominated to become U.S. 
Attorney for the Western District of 
Texas, which stretches from San An­ tonio to his native El Paso and from 
Del Rio to Waco. 
Garza, contacted Friday, said, “ I’m absolutely delighted and grateful to 
President Carter and Sen. Bentsen. 
“ I expect to work very hard.” 
Swearing-in 
He said he is aim ing for a June I swearing-in ceremony. 
Garza has been an investigator in the 
DA’s office since 196o. 
He was named chief investigator in 
1969. 
Garza, 47, is a San Antonio native and a graduate of St. M ary’s Univer­ sity. He is an accountant. 
Boyd served as an assistant U.S. at­ torney and El Paso County district at­ torney before becoming U.S. m agis­ trate. 
He was named m agistrate in 1971. 
Boyd, 48, is a graduate of Hardin- 
Gonorrhea strain is increasing 

ATLANTA (AP) —A strain of gon­ orrhea resistant to penicillin is in­ creasing in the United States and other parts of the world, the national Center for Disease Control says. 
Since March I, 1976, 18o cases of the new strain were reported in 21 states, 
New York City and Guam. 

Simmons University and University ol 
Texas at Austin Law School. 
He will succeed John E. Clark, who has had the top prosecutor’s post since 
1975. 
Clark’s resignation, which becomes effective when Boyd is confirmed by the Senate, has been accepted by 
Carter. 
Clark said Friday he plans to join the 
San Antonio law firm of Cobb, Thur­ mond and Bain. 
Johnson was appointed marshal by the federal judges of the Western Dis­ trict in 1974. 
He said he plans to rem ain in the 
U.S. Marshal Service, but his new po­ sition has not been determ ined. 
U.S. Sen. Lloyd Bentsen, Texas’ De­ mocratic senator, recommended Boyd and Garza for the posts. 
Quick confirmation is expected. 
Suicide ruled 

Bexar County Medical 
E x am in er Dr. R uben 
Santos Friday ruled the death of a San Antonio woman found shot in a 
N orthw est Side m otel rbom a suicide. 
The victim , 
Ann 
Chandler, 5o, of 446 For­ est Hill Drive, was disco­ vered sprawled in a mo­ tel room bathtub in the 
HOO block of A ustin 
Highway Thursday. She had been shot in the head. A shotgun w as found near the victim , police said. 

Olney, a former business associate of 
McManus, is charged with conspiracy to m urder. His trial date has not been set. 
Tabor, who said he “ lives by playing pool and a few cards from tim e to tim e and living off frienda and relatives,” testified the two mean approached him about a 
“ hit m an” sometime in 
February 1976. 
T h is w as a fte r he su ccessfu lly conned them into buying non-existent stolen whiskey, but gave them their k money back so he could make a bigger deal. 
He was trying to con them into buy­ ing into $2oo,ooo worth of also non-ex­ istent stolen diamonds, when they in turn m ade their hired-killer pitch, he said. 
Tabor said he has never met a professional hit man nor does he know of one. 
Fabricated killer 
However, in an effort to swindle 
McManus and Olney, he fabricated a professional killer, named Irv. 
The whiskey deal is what brought the three men together often in a Houston b a r, T ab o r said, although he had known Olney about IO or 12 years ago. 
McManus and Olney asked Tabor in early F ebruary about m aking som e easy money, he said. He later cam e up with the whiskey proposal and said there was $1,5oo “open money” left. 
He explained open money means how much was still left in the investment buy-in deal. 
So easy 
The three men met the next day and 
McManus gave him $1,5oo. “ It was so easy I decided to give them a com ­ m ission on it and go for som ething bigger,” he testified. 

He told them he had been wrong and it was only $1,ooo and gave them 
$1,875 and they thought they made $375 in one day off the deal, he said. 
After McManus and Olney indicated they weren’t interested in the diamond deal, they asked Tabor about hiring a hit man. 
“ McManus did most of the talking,” the adm itted swindler said. 
“ I decided to go for the job to beat them out of their money,” Tabor said. 
He later said the two men were ap­ proved by the hired killer, but it would 
See MCMANUS, Page ISA 
Lawns Beauty.c 
NURSERY m 
8 6 5 o B a n d e ra Road 
•7*,* 

1 * 1 7 m i. yd. 

St. Augustine (C arp e t) 
GRASS. . .FULL PALLET . . . 
L IS S THAN A FULL P A L L E T ........... 
^ W e a th e r Perm itting) 

C om plete in v e n to ry o f shrubs, trees A h ard lin e s, 
2 o % Discounted 
COMPLETE ITTTfl WM I PRODUCTS AVAILABLE. 
TREES 
PLANTS 
SHRUBS 
SEEDS 

Come Visit Our Complete 6 
Acre 
Garden 
Center with everyday “FARM TO Y O U " 
PRICES And SAVE!! 

O W N Daily 8-7 P.M. 
68 4-2 1 1 o 

FAMOUS B 

14 Karat yellow gold loops and ear studs 

D iam ond Salons, 
D owntown, 
North Star, W indsor Park, 

DIAMOND SALON 

J O S H E S 

A UNIT OF A I I IFO STOFF 

FINAL DAY 

Help needed for gas system 

6951 San Pedro, 344-2338 (I mile south of Loop 41o) 

San Antonio EXPRE5S-NEWS— Saturday May 14 I 977 

 sat,, m a y 14 last d a y o f D e n h o m e ’s S p rin g -S a le 

By DICK M E R K E L 
CHIEF. EXPRESS-SHEWS CAPITOL BUREAU 
AUSTIN - A flap has developed in the waning days of the 65th Legisla­ ture reminiscent of the story about “ The Mouse that Roared.” 
In the story, and a later movie of the same title, the “ mouse” was a tiny nation which found its tail in a financial crack. 
The nation’s leadership decided the only answer to the fiscal dilemma was to declare war on the 
United States, lose and then let Uncle Sam pay off all the debts in the form of aid. 

The 1977 version of 
“ The 
Mouse that 
Roared” is the liny North 
Bexar County city of 
Grey Forest. 
The “ enemy” is San 
Antonio and its munici­ pally owned utility, City 
Public Service. 
Grey Forest hashad its tail in a fiscal trap ever since the late 196o’s when it built its own municipal gas supply system. 
The system was built with high hopes and an even higher loan from the U.S. Department of 
Housing and Urban De­ velopment (HUD). 
At the time Grey For- 

GREAT NEW STYLES! 
ALL STORES! 

FREEMAN & Wm. JOYCE 

DISCO NTINUED STYLES 
ALL STORES! 

 shoe stores 

ONLY 

SAVE FROM 
*1o TO *16 

SATURDAY 1o-9 & M ONDAY 

73oo SAN PEDRO 
4917 WALZEM RO. 

(2 BLK*. S. OF N.W. LOOP 41o) 

349-6634 
656-9881 

(ACROSS FROM 
WINDSOR PARK M A U ) 

694 S.W. MILITARY 

(SHoPPIRS CITY MALL 
ACROSS FROM SEARS 
923-9837 

THAYER C O G G IN sectional in velvet or haitian cotton 
Corner unit 
N o w $258, was $342. 
Arm less 
N o w $2o5, was $273. 
Ottom an 
N o w $154, was $2o5. 

Save 25% off THAYER COGGIN WAREHOUSE PROGRAM List prices 

Save up to 5o% on over ]A million dollars worth of merchandise...come see the rest 

 teak bookcase 
— 6 5 5 9 o A ,3 5 ”x I I ”x7 6 ” 
N ow $128, was $188. 
Now $198., was $278 

Sw ivel rocking recliner in velvet or haitian cotton 
N ow $395 , was $527 

ANDS 

ONLY 

$ 

SAVE FROM 
TO *16 

The system was built with high hopes and an even higher loan from the 
U.S. Department o f Housing and 
Urban Development 

 est borrowed the money from HUD — $1.4 million in 1976 — the city also had an optimistic survey indicating ail kinds of expansion potential for its system in the area. 
Particularly appealing were the prospects of the 
University of Texas at 
San Antonio and the re­ sidential and commercial building that was even then on the draw ing 

 boards. 
Well, 
UTSA cam e along all right accom ­ panied by the m u sh ­ room ing of hom es, a p artm en t and busin­ esses which sprang up around the campus. 
But so did the San An­ tonio city limits, and with it CPS. 
As a result. Grey For­ est is stuck today with a limited municipal gas 

 system, high rates be­ cause of too few customers, and is in hock to HUD. 
At present, Grey For­ est still owes HUD $1.4 million even though the gas system went on stream in 1969. The city is making the interest payments, but some say 
HUD is getting a little tough about the princi­ ple. 
In the meantime, Grey 
Forest has been conduct­ ing “ peaceful negotia­ tions’’ in an effort to work out an agreement with San Antonio and 
CPS. 
Apparently tired of this, Grey Forest enlisted the aide of its state rep­ resentative, Don Rains, in preparing a formal declaration of war. 
The declaration took the form of HB1415. 
In essence, whats 
Rains’ bill would do is place a six-year m ora­ torium on any further expansion of gas service by CPS in the direction of 
Grey Forest. 
It would have the effect of blocking CPS expan­ sion while giving Grey 
Forest an exclusive fran­ chise for extending gas service into new develop­ ment in the area. 
The first shot in the war was almost fired 
Friday when Rains’ bill came up on the House floor for debate. 
However, Rains elected to “ pull the bill down” and reset it for debate at 
3 p.m. Monday. 
Friday afternoon, offi­ cials of Grey Forest and 
CPS sat down for more than three hours in an effort to reach an agree­ ment to avert action on the bill. 
Agreement 
An agreem en t was reached between the ne­ gotiators — CPS Con­ tro ller Ken Harz and 
Asst. Gen. Mgr. Howard 
Freeman on the one side, and Grey Forest Utility 
Mgr. Tom Kirby on the other. 
Under the agreement, 
Grey Forest would be given an area for fu­ ture expansion of its sys­ tem lying north of 
FM16o4 between Bandera 
Road and Camp Bulbs. 
San Antonio and CPS would agree not to e n ­ croach on this area. 
On the other hand, customers south of 16o4 and north of H ebner 
Road would be served by the gas utility closest to them, either CPS or Grey 
Forest. 
If one should elect not 

 to serve the custom er, the other would then have the option to do so under the term s. No present customer of either utility would be affected if agreement is reached. 
The agreement is now subject to approval by council of Grey Forest and the board of CPS, as well as San Antonio City 
Council. 

But the possibility of war is not ruled out. 
Rains said after the m eeting he would still persue his bill on Mon­ day, “ unless I am a s ­ sured an agreement will be reached.” 

Harz said he hoped to have some indication of 
CPS’ reaction to the plan in time to let Rains know before Monday a fte r­ noon’s House session. chat before Briscoe testifies. 
Texas mayor hits Briscoe plea on gas deregulation 

WASHINGTON (AP) — Congress heard a second opinion from Texas about the price of natural gas 
Friday. 
After Gov. Dolph Briscoe had delivered his cus­ tomary plea for deregulation of gas prices a pair of price control advocates told the House energy and power subcommittee it was time to hear the other side. 
Mayor Edwin Faust of Grey Forest. Tex., a small town with a retail gas utility, told the subcommittee that political leaders like Briscoe “ speak for the oil and gas industry only.” 
Faust said the uncontrolled intrastate market in 
Texas has caused severe hardships on consumers as prices have risen to more than $2 per thousand cubic feet. 
“The consumer can do nothing. The only relief the consumer can expect is at the national Congress level,” he said. 
Faust asked for strict controls on the price of gas, based on production cost plus a fair profit. He sug­ gested that a controlled price should be well below the $1.75 proposed by the Carter administration. 
That price, he said, was designed to “ appease 

 certain segments of the oil anti gas industries and our legislative leaders.” 
Faust’s rem arks were echoed by form er state representative Lane Denton of the Texas Farm ers’ 
Union, an unsuccessful candidate for the state’s railroad commission last year. 
Briscoe’s comments in the morning hearing were closer to what Congress usually hears about gas prices from Texas witnesses. 
The Carter energy program w ill fail. Briscoe said, unless it is changed to allow deregulation of gas prices. 
Briscoe said the $1.75 level, equivalent to the price of a comparable amount of crude oil, was unrealis­ tically low because natural gas burns cleanly and requires no refinement. 
The proposed price would not provide incentives to find more gas or to persuade industry to switch to alternate fuels, he predicted. The result would be a continuing energy shortage. 
Briscoe, who personally owns substantal natural gas reserves, said that it would be unfair for the energy plan to extend controls and allocation to the 
Texas intrastate market. 

San Antonio E^(PRESS-NEWS— Saturday May I 4 ^977 
Crime, pay toilet bills keep legislators occupied 

 would create a state fund to com pen­ sate victims of violent crim es for their medical expenses and other financial losses, up to $5o,ooo. 
The money would com e from a $5 surcharge on court costs for crim inal co n v ictio n s. in c lu d in g tr a f f ic convictions, and would be doled out by the Texas Industrial Accident Hoard. 
On a calendar of local and consent bills, the House voted to have all hunt­ ing and fishing licenses expire on Aug. 
31 each year, no m a tte r w hen p u r ­ chased. Licenses now expire a y ear from date of purchase. The bill now goes to the Senate. 
Agriculture 

Another m a jo r bill passed to the 
Senate would give agriculture a prior­ ity right behind homes and hospitals for tin' use of natural gas during per­ iods of curtailment, ranking it ahead of ind u stry and e lec trica l g e n e r a tin g plants. 

I i i other action the Senate sent to the 
House bills that would: 
• Restore the right to vote to con­ victed felons who are not in jail, on parole or probation. 
• Allow the creation of special w ater import districts to import water from outside the sta te or from ad jo in in g districts for local use. 
• Authorize counties to pass ord in ­ an c es re g u la tin g n u d ist e s ta b lis h m e n ts in u n in c o rp o r a te d a re a s. 

AUSTIN 
(AP) 
- 
Violent crim ­ inals will face m ore “ hard tim e” in prison, and businessmen who install pay to ile ts will b eco m e c r i m i n a l s u n d er b ills p asse d by th e H ouse 
Friday. 
The House rushed through dozens of bills both on the local and co n sen t calendar and on an expedited general calendar containing 6o m e a su re s — several of them quite important. 
Senators also kept busy, sending to the governor a bill allowing district judges to deny bail pending appeal to a person receiving less than a 15-year sentence. Such persons now have an automatic right to bail. 
They also approved House changes and sent to the voters a constitutional am endm ent enabling judges to deny bail to persons indicted for c rim e s committed while free on bond on ea r­ lier offenses. 
It would be on a special Nov. 8, 1977 ballot. 
Probation 
Gov. Dolph B riscoe’s bill to deny probation to c rim in a ls who in ju re rap e, ro b b ery k id n a p in g or sex u al abuse victim s or who use g u n s won 
House passage, 1o3-26. It returns to the 
Senate for approval of changes m ade by the House. 
The m easu re is a keystone of the governor’s anti-crime program. 
Crim inals who use guns or injure their victim s could be paroled only 

The House rushed through dozens o f bills both on the local and consent calendar and on an expedited general calendar containing 6o measures 

 after serving a third of their sentences or 2o years. 
Unlike present law, “ good tim e ” would not count to w ard p a ro le eligibility. In addition, they would have to serve a minimum of two years in prison — or “ hard tim e" — before having a chance at parole. 
A third key provision would require supervision upon release of convicts released before completing their sen­ tences because of “ good tim e." 
Pay toilets 
W ithout d is c u s s io n , th e H ouse passed to the Senate a bill by Rep. 
John Whitmire, D-Houston, outlawing pay toilets. A b u sin e ssm a n that in ­ stalls one could be fined $1,1)o!) and jailed for up to 18o days. 
A Senate bill raising m axim um un­ em ploym ent com pensation b en efits from $63 to $84 a week and providing an escalator to keep them rising as av e ra g e w ag es in c re a s e won final 
House passage, 1o8-35. 
It returns to the Senate for approval of House changes. One would drop the re q u ire m e n t th a t g o v e r n m e n t e m ­ ployes receive jobless b en e fits if a sim ilar federal requirem ent is ruled 

 unconstitution. 
House m e m b e r s p o stp o n ed u n til 
Monday a controversial bill that would exem pt ch u rch affiliated child c a re facilities from regulation by the State 
Department of Public Welfare. 
It advanced Thursday. 68-67. 
Passing on a voice vote and retu rn ­ ing to the Senate was a bill m erging the Texas W ater Quality Board, the 
Texas Water Development Board and the Texas W ater Rights Com m ission into a sin g le ag en cy —- th e T e x a s 
Department of Water Resources. 
Senators must decide now whet her to accept rem o v al by th e H ouse of a provision requiring Senate confirm a­ tion of the agency’s executive director. 
Organized crime 

The S en ate p assed and se n t the 
House, 24-3, the governor’s bill making 
"organized crim e” —as defined by the bill—a felony with penalties of two to 
2o years. 
Organized crim e would be defined as combinations of five or more persons engaged in crim es ranging from loan sharking, forgery, bribery and drug possession to murder. 
S en ato rs also p a s sed a b ill that 

I 
# lip l 
* * ag 
* 
* * 

Clara Zempel of Chicago, shown on telephone in Sydney, Austra­ lia, said she has twice tried to call President Carter to ask him to send an Air Force plane to pick up 3 5 o American dietitians stranded in Australia by a week-old strike of air traffic controllers. 
— AP Wirephoto. 

| 
I 
/ 
“Donegal” is 
I J I ii 
Iisynonymous with 
I l l quality actionwear 
^ ^ f o r spectating or participating. Buy these Coleseta ll Knit shirts in easy care polyester, blends, in assorted styles and patterns, S-M-L-XL, and solid, belted texturized polyester slacks, sizes 32-4o. 
$16-21 shirts... 7.99-9.99 
$23 slacks... 9.99 
Men’s Sportswear 

WW 

SHOP MONDAY THRU SATURDAY 1o TIL 9 

I 

WOLFE NURSERIES CLOSING OUT GROWING 
GROUNDS BUY SHRUBS AT CLOSE OUT PRICES 
OPEN DAILY: 9 a.m. to 6 p.m. MONDAY THRU SATURDAY SUNDAY IO a.m. to 6 p.m. 

M i f 
• . 
MM* 

USUAL ‘2.99 
JAPANESE 
BOXWOOD 

 dwarf hedge 8 to 12' tall bushy easy to grow 

N O W 
97 

USUAL ‘2.99 
BUFORD! HOLLY 

Ow l green beautiful leaf, I ? to l l " toll, bushy, growing in I 
£ gal can 
^ 
N O W 
I 
o9 

U S U A L $ 1 . 9 9 D W A R F 
YOUPON HOLLY 

Dainty small green leaves dwarf tightly branched growth 
£ habit 
N O W 
I 
13 

R E G . ‘ 1 . 9 9 
UGUSTRUM 
HEDGE PLANTS 

I broad leaf dark aieen foliage the hardiest shrub, growing in I gal ran very fast growing 
N O W 

LOOK AT THESE CLOSE OUT BELOW 
USUAL W HOLESALE COST 
All grow ing in I gal. cans. 

RIG. S I .99 PYRACANTHA.. full bloom 
, ..................... NOW * 1 . O O 

RIG. SI.9 9 
DROPE.. Dark green border g ro ss.................NOW 954 

RIG. 11.99 
MONKEY GRASS.. .fine leaf border gross . . . NOW 954 

RIG. $2.99 
PHOTINA R ID TOP.. Ideal for c o lo r 
NOW '1.25 

RIG $2 99 CltYRA DAPONICA . The most s - attractive shrub add color............................. 
NOW i . J J 

RIG. $2.99 
JAPANESE BLACK PINE . These are ideal for rock gardens andplanters 
................ 
NOW 
1 . 4 J 

M A G N O L IA 
SHADE TREES 

 large leaf evergreen bears large white flowers growing 
J | < g in I gallon ton 
I «*FY aa. 

OLEANDERS 

Many in bud or bloom many dose to blooming, growing in I got con 
CHOOSE FROM 
HAROY REO, HARDY 
PINK, SHIMON and WHITE 

1.99 
Star 9.5o 

87 

LARGE SPECIM EN SHRUBS 
LANDSCAPERS LO O K AT THESE 
All growing in 3 & 5 gal.c cans. 

REG. $7.99 
BUFORD! HOLLY 
$ 4 
P f | extra bushy, 18” tall................................... NOW ■ f * w 
# U 

REG. $7.99 
WAXIEAF 
$ A f t P 
18 to 24” tall real beauties....................... NOW 
Hr mJL J 

REG. 57.99 
%M n r 

D W A R F C H IN E SE H O U Y 
...............................n o w 
H 
• & J 

REG . $ 7 . 9 9 
$ A 
A 
C 
DWARF YOUPON HOUY ...............................NOW 
H e A J 

REG. $7.99 
RED TOP PHOTINA 
$ 4 
J C extra large, very colorful....................... .. . N O W “ 
• / J 

R EG . $ 9 . 9 8 
P IT T O S P O R U M 
$ r 
Ff% 
Green or variegated 
............................. n o w 

B E A U T IF U L P L A N T S 
T O M A K E Y O U R O W N 
H A N G I N G B A S K E T S 

Springer! god 
Flu mo so 
Ef»rn, 
Velvet 
Wont*. 
Spider 
Moots fontQMo, 
Variegated 
Fantmtg, 
Abow Green few Purple Striped Jew, Mouse Lim lew (tobyJ, White Striped Jew. Bearded lew lady 
Boat lew. Bleeding Heart, DoHu» Plants and Polka 
Dot plants 

YOUR 

CHOICE 69 en. 3 for 2.oo 

GROUND COVERS 
P O R S U N N Y A R E A 
ASIATIC JASMINE 
LARGE PLANTS 
794 eo. 
1 2 for48.9o 
F o r S h a d y A r e a 
ALGERIAN IVY 
6 plants to t r a y 
‘1.49 tray 
VARIEGATED ALGERIAN IVY 
6 plants to t ro y .......... *1.49 troy 
ENGLISH IVY 
6 plants to f r a y .......... *1 49 tray 
Permanent Ground Cover 
WHITE CRUSH MARBLE 
SO lb. sack "1.99 sack 
5 f o r ‘9.5o 
SIACK OR RED LAVA ROCK targe 6 co ft. bag ‘I 99 sack 
5 for *9.5o 

PLANT 
BEAUTIFUL COLOR 
(Bedding Plants) 
We have solid truck loads et beautiful bed­ ding plants far your shopping pleasure 
Choose from: 
A G H itU M ASfCR U N O * TUFT CARNATION 
Red I m il CELOSIA Coicomb COLEUS All colors 
DAHLIAS DAISIES 
Most oil kinds DIANTHUS 
Finks DUSTY 
MUHR 
HOLLYHOCK 
LOBELIA 
MARIGOLDS Yellow A others LIMOLI PETUNIAS 
Many in bloom MIKED SHADES DU. PETUNIAS 
Grondillotos Red 
A m u 
DBL 
PETUNIAS 
MulUtlores 
All 
(olms 
PHIOK 
M ued 
PORTULACA (Moss Rose) M u SALVIA Reds 
SNAPDRAGONS 
M ued 
A 
Straight rotors 
STOCK dbl 
M u 
TOREN!# Blue 
VERGENAS 
VINCA {Periwinkles) M u ZINNIAS-Mu 
594 tray 
3 trays for * I 75 

HIBISCUS 
S I N G L E S & D O U B L E S 

Red & Pink extra large 2 4 " ta 3 o " tall, grow ing in 
$1 4 o 
I gallon ca n s.. . . . . . . 1 . 4 I eo. 

BLOOMING BEGONIAS 
Assorted colors grow ing in pots. 
694 eo. 
3 for "2.oo 

BEAUTIFUL 
HANGING BASKETS 

We haee them Values to SS 98 Choose horn 
BEGONIAS, TERNS. SULTANAS YOU NAME lf WI 
HAVE IT CHOICE OF THI HOUSE 
*3.99 en 

G R A P E V IN E S 

Large vines, growing in I gal con 
98<U 
3fo s2.85 

REG. $6.99 
CITRUS TREES 
B E A R I N G S IZ E 
3 <1. tall growing in contameis 2 yrs old, grafted Choose from: TANGERINE, 

ORANGE, and GRAPEFRUIT 

 n o w s4.99 EA 
PLANT A VEGETABLE 
GARDEN BEFORE ITS 
TOO LATE 

The experts all agree that vegetables, can still be satisfac­ torily planted. Plant your garden vegetable now. We have large assortment of vegetable plants now to choose from: 

TOMATO PLANTS These are large plants 6 to 8 plants to a tray. 
Choose from Best Varieties, 
3 T ‘1.75 
594 tray 

 look at these beauties grow ing in a pack 6 to 8 plants to pack 
Choose from 
BROCCOll-Green 
Comet, 
BRUSSELL 
SPROUTS Jade 
Cross, CABBAGE-Emerald Cross & 
Golden Cross CAULIFLOWER Snow 
Ball 6 plants to tray 

591 
3 T ‘1.75 

MIX OR MATCH 

TOMATO PLANTS 
Individually potted 12 varieties 
134 en 
8 for 
994 
PEPPER PLANTS 
Individually potted Choose from: 
LONG YEUOW SWEET, BELL BOY, 
CALIFORNIA WONDER, GOLD SPIKE, 
JALAPENO and 
LONG 
RED 
CAYENNE 
1 3 4 en. 8 f o r 9 9 4 
EGGPLANTS T 3 < co. 8 fo r9 9 4 

CUCUMBER . 1 3 4 ea. 8 f o r 9 9 4 

SQUASH 
1 3 4 ea. 8 for 9 9 4 

CANTALOUPE 1 3 4 en. 8 tor 9 9 4 

O K R A 
1 3 4 ea. 8 for 9 9 4 

WATERMELON! 3 4 ea. 8 f o r 9 9 4 
BROCCOLI ... 1 3 4 ea. 8 fo r9 9 4 

BRUSSEL SPROUTS 
. 1 3 4 ea. 8 fo r9 9 4 

CABBAGE ... 1 3 4 en. 8 f o r 9 9 4 

COLLARD!... 1 3 4 ea. 8 f o r 9 9 4 

ARTICHOKE These ore beauties growing in I gal. coo 
9 9 4 ea. 

ASPARAGUS ROOTS Washington, large roots, growing in I p l. can 
6 9 4 eo. 3 for ‘2 . o o 

RHUBARB ROOTS Extra large, Gron* 
Victoria, growing in I gal. con 9 9 4 

BERMUDA GREEN ONION PLANTS 
Lorge bunch white 
6 9 4 bunch 

HORSE RADISH large plants in 

I p l. can..................... 6 9 4 ea. 

DWARF HEDGE PLANTS 
These are beautiful out they go our loss your gain growing in I gal. can 

REG. $1,99 
DWARF CHINESE HOLLY 
These are beauties, has attractive leaf appro* 
$ I a r 
12" tall 
NOW 
I , £ j 
Reg $2.99 
DWARF BUFORDI very attractive dark green leaves approx 
$ 
12 tall 
NOW 
1.25 

TROPICAL FOLIAGE 
AT ITS BEST 

Fluffy Ruffle Ferns, Dracaena Mar­ ginate, Schefflera, Philodendron, As sorted IB" Photos Ivy 
YOUR CHOICE 
*3.88ea 
2,or *7.5o 

Good sire foliage plants growing rn 6 pots 

FIG TREES 

‘2.98 

Texas everbearing 

23 to 18” tall 

PLANT COLOR 
N O W ! 

COPPER 
PLANTS 
6 9 4 eo. 

LARGER Grow ing in 
I gallon can 

CALADIUM 
PLANTS 
6 9 4 eo. 3 f o r ‘2 .o o 

IMPATIENCE Bloom s all the time 6 

 plants to tra y . ......... ‘ 1 .4 9 tray 

LARGER 
Grow ing in I gallon co n s.. .‘ 1 .4 9 

PLANT SHADE 
TREES N O W ! 

These are in perfect condition for now planting 

ARIZONA ASH, 7 to 8 ft tall, grow ­ ing in 5 gal. can. 
. 
$5.98 en. 

M IM OSA SHADE TREES. 6 ft tall, grow ing In I gallon c a n s . . $2.98 

M IM O SA SHADE TREES, 8 to IO ft. tall, grow ing in 3 gal. cans 
$6.98 

NON-BEARING MULBERRY, IO ft. tall, grow ing in 3 gal. cans 
$6.98 

SYCAMORE SHADE TREES, S to 6 ft. tall, grow ing in I gal. can . $2.98 

SYCAMORE SHADE TREES, IO ft. tall, grow ing in 3gal. cans. $6.98 

HYBRID UVE OAK TREES, Growing in 3 gal. can 
$7 98 ea 
2 for $15.oo 

LOMBARDY POPLAR, 5 to 6 ft. tall, growing in I gal. can 
$2.98 

SILVER MAPLE, 6 to 8 ft. tall, grow ­ ing in 3 gal. ca n ............... $3.98 

COTTONLESS COTTONWOOD 5 to 6 ft tall grow ing in I gal. con.................... $3.98 

COTTONLESS COTTONWOOD 6 to 8 ft. tall, grow ing in 
S gal. can........................ $6.98 

ROSES 

This years crop most all in buds, o few in bloom Guarantee Oouble your 

 money bark if you can buy higher quality at any price. 

C H O O S E F R O M : 

WHITE: 
Crimson Glory 
ORANGE: 
Blanche Mollerin 
Spartan 
Mojave 
Frau Kart Druschki 
Carrousel 
Montezum a 
Virgo 
Mirondy 
LAVENDER: 
YEUOW: 
Nocturne 
Sterling Silver buccaneer 
PINK: 
CUMBERS: 
Eclipse 
Helen Traubel 
Cl. Charlotte Arm strong-red 
Sutter’s Gold 
Tiffany 
Cl. Crimson Glory-red 
Lowell Thomas first love 
Cl. White Down 
TWO-TONE: 
LOW GROWING: 
Cl. Chrysler Imperial-red 
Condesa De Sastogo 
Circus-Two-tone 
Cl. Aloha-pink 
Pres. Hoover 
Chatter-red 
Cl. New Dawn-pink 
RED: floradora red 
Cl. Golden Shower-yellow 
Charlotte Arm strong 
Iceberg-white 
Cl. Peoce-lwo-tone 

2.19 eo. 
3 for‘6.5o 
6 lo,‘12.5o 

M I X O R M A T C H 

FOLIAGE 
PLANTS 

USUAL $17.99 

SHEFFLERA 
F oliage at its best. For hom e, office or patio. 
ARECA PALM 
Tall, graceful, b reezy, w ell suited fo r a n y spot. 
PHILODENDRON 
SELLOUM 
Large, arching, rib b ed le ave s. D ee p d ark gre en . 
YOUR C H O IC E 

$ ^ 9 9 

E A . 

C L O S E O U T 
F IR S T C O M E F IR S T S E R V E 
S P E C I A L G R O U P 
M EXICAN POTTERY 
We need room out at these ridiculously low prices. 
BEAN POT REG. 13.49 
TVs' wide, J" to ll 
NOW ‘ I . 7 9 
BEAN POT REG $3.39 
4 wide, 6 toll 
NOW *1 . 2 9 
BEAN POT REG. $149 
5 Wide. S , toll . . . . . . 
NOW 
7 9 4 
PUMPKIN SHAPED POTreg.$2.39 
9 wide,4V, loll 
NOW ‘ 1 . 3 9 
PUMPKIN SHAPED POlifG $i 69 
S ' wide, 4" tall 
NOW 
8 9 4 
PUMPKIN SHAPED POT reg si 19 
6 ' i " wide 3W toll 
NOW 
6 9 4 
PAINTED PUMPKIN SHAPED POT reg 
$4 39 9" wide din" toll .. NOW ‘ 2 . 2 9 
PAINTED PUMPKIN SHAPED POTreg 
$3.39 I " wide 4 toll 
NOW 
‘ 1 . 7 9 
PAINTED PUMPKIN SHAPED POTreg. 
$2.296V wide, 4 loll . 
N O W *I . 3 9 

NOW IS THE TIME TO 
PLANT A LAWN 
CARPET GRASS 
St. 
Augustine state inspected, large 384 sq. inch piece 

A 3 4 o pieta I o pwtes tor ‘ 4 . 2 5 

C A R P E T G R A S S S E E D ‘2 . 9 8 lb. 

B E R M U D A G R A S S SEED 

‘ 2 . 7 9 lb. M 3 . S O sib s. 

F L O R A T A M G R A S S Disease resistance, large 
334 sq. inch piece 
6 9 4 piece 
L&&K AT THESE 
PLANTING AIDS 
POTTING SOU 2$ lh. sock ............. * 1 . 8 o 
PUNTING SAND Appro, o bu bog . . . M . 8 9 
TOP SOU Weal tot planting 4o lh lock * 1 . 8 9 
COW MANURE Gvoronltod weed tree 
SO lh. so ck............................... 
* 1 . 8 9 
SHEEP MANURE Well rotted SO lh. sack * 1 . 8 9 
MIX OR rn, 
A 
A 
MATCH 
J for * 9 
, o 
o 

 a a a a s 

REG. $16.99 
B A M B O O 
, 
FENCE 
6 x 1 5 ’ 

$ I 
*%$o 
I Jk roll 
LIMIT 2 
(CUP AND IRING HIS COUPON) 
(GOOD ERI , SAT , SUN. AND MON.) 

REG. $1.49 PLASTIC 
HAN GIN G 
BASKETS 
8 ” very colorful with hanger 
784 ta 
LIMIT 2 
(CUP AND BRING THIS COUPON) 
(GOOD FII.. SAT., SUN. AND MON.) 

> : * : S c S c > 
M 
• S I / a a a a 
> . a 
> . * 

USUAL $1.4o 
BERRY BUSHES 
Your choko Raspberry Blackberry 
Dewberry and Boysenberry grow­ ing in I got. ton 
684 

PYRACANTHA 
Red berried variety 

 grow ing in containers 

1 EA. 
LIMIT S 
(CUP AND BRING THIS COUPON) 
(GOOD FRI., SAT., SUN. AND MON ) 
584 

33m s 

O L E A N D E R S 

Blooms most all summer most all colors 
584 ea. LIMIT IO 

(CUP AND BRING THIS COUPON) 
(GOODFRI., SAI , SUN. AND MON.)' 

EVERBLOOMING 

R E D C L IM B IN G 
ROSE BUSH 
Improved Blaze grow ing in I gal. can 
$1 6o 
I en. 
LIMIT 4 
(OII* AND BRING THIS COUPON) 
(GOOD ERL, SAT., SUN. AND MON ) 

 ea. LIMIT IO 

(CUP AND BRING THIS COUPON) 
(GOOO FRI, SAT., SUN. AND MON.) 

FORMERLY $3.oo 
CHINA DOLL 
ROSE BUSH 
Pink blooming low growing border rose growing in I gal. con 

$ 
1 
7 o 
I ea. 
LIMIT IO 
(CUP AND BRING THIS COUPON) 
' (GOOD FRI., SAT., SUN. AND MON.) 

WOLFE 
NURSERIES! 

I, 15o7 RUIZ 
2. 7oo7 SAN PEDRO AVE. 
3. 37oo B R O A D W A Y 
4. 6714 SO. FLORES 
5. l l 34 PAT BOOKER RD. UNIVERSAL CITY 
6. 88o2 PERRIN BEITEL RD. 

H 
San Antonio EXPRESS-NEW S— -Saturday M ay 14 I 977 
UTSA gets downtown campus aid 

By DICK MERKEL 

CH IEF, E X M E S S N E W S C A PIT O L B IB E A U 
AUSTIN — Funds to renovate the Insti­ tute of Texan Cultures for use as a down­ town campus of the University of Texas at 
San Antonio were at least partially restored 
Friday. 
A jo in t H ouse-S enate co n fe re n ce c o m m itte e , ham m ering out a com prom ise appropriations bill for the next two years, agreed half a loaf is better than none for the UTSA project at H em isFair Plaza. 
The conferees agreed to give UTSA $196,532 for the renovation afte r funds had been deleted entirely from the House version of the spending bill. 
T he S e n a te b ill had re c o m m e n d e d th e to tal am ount of $293,o64. 
Break on utility fund 

UTSA also got a $167,656 break on its utility funds as conferees ag reed to Senate a p p ro p riatio n s of 
$18o,o32 and $196,3oo for 1978-79. 
The House bill had called for $91,428 in 1978 and 
$96,o91 in 1979. 
The U niversity of Texas Health .Science C enter funding level for 1978-79 rem ains the sam e in the conference com m ittee bill. 
Both the Senate and House bills were basically the sam e, allowing $9 million for construction of a Basic 
Sciences Building, but deleting a $6 million request for a new library building. 
San Antonio College didn’t fare as well with the conferees as did UTSA and the m edical school. 
The com m ittee agreed to accept funding levels in the Senate bill for SAC in both the area of vocational education as well as general state aid. 
This resulted in a net loss to SAC of approxim ately 
$1.5 million over the biennium in both areas. 
The sSenate bill calls for general aid state funding to SAC of $14.8 million in 1978 and $15.5 million in 
1979. 
The House version had set $15.5 million and $16 million for the sam e two-year period. 
Under the House bill, SAC would have gotten $1o million the first year and $1o.4 million in 1979 
If figures agreed on Friday stand up, UTSA can expect to receive about $32 million in general re­ venue funding over the next two years — while the medical school should get about $82 million. 
Action tentative 
Since the com prom ise spending bill m ust be ap­ proved by both the House and .Senate before ad ­ journm ent of the 65th legislature, all action by the conferees m ust be considered tentative at this tim e. 
.Saturday, the conference com m ittee is expected to move to article two of the bill — Health. W elfare and 
Rehabilitation Agencies. 
San Antonio has several im portant appropriation m atters in this section, including the new .San An­ tonio State School, the San Antonio State Hospital and Chest Hospital. 
Crash kills man 

A one-car accident in East San Antonio claimed the life of a young man Saturday night. 
The victim was tentatively identified as Donald 
Tritt, 23, of an unknown town in California. 
Police said he was a passenger in a car driven by 
Rosemary E. DeLeon, 31, of 166 Mannix St. in San 
Antonio. 
Three children in the car as well as a companion of the victim were undergoing treatment at Brooke 
Army Medical Center following the incident. 
W itnesses said the car swerved to the side of the road and rolled over several times about 8 p.m. 
The victim and a friend, Rupert Vega, 19, of 
Tucson, Ariz., had been hitchhiking from Houston got a ride with the woman, police said. 
Tritt was pronounced dead at Brooke at 9:3o p.m. 

KIRBY Elementary School students suffer a little stage fright Friday before their turn on stage in the Kindergarten Spring Follies Show. 
The students, celebrating the end of the school year, staged per­ formances for friends and their parents. 
Briscoe signature can end water feud 

 t XME SS CAPITOL BUREAU 
AUSTIN — A potentially long-wind­ ed court hassle involving the Guada- iupe-Blaneo River Authority’s right to sell w ater may have come a step closer to being solved Friday. 

The House passed and sent to the governor a bill by Sen. John T raeger of 
Seguin that would authorize validation of w ater p erm its previously issued where the permit fee was waived. t 
SB1U82 basically would wipe away any legal problems for the G-B and 18 other public entities — presum ing the bill becomes law and the entities pay up their fees within 3o days. 

In late March, it was revealed the 
G-BRA — in receiving its original state w ater perm it from the old Board of 
Engineers — also received a waiver for the $5,ooo permit fee. 

The fact G-BRA had not paid for the permit was disclosed by the Texas 
Water Rights Commission. 

The commission contends the permit waiver approved by the Board of En­ gineers (forerunners of the TWRC) 

 was a violation of state law. 
Since the law requires the $5,ooo fee be paid in advance of using the perm it to sell water, the TWRC has scheduled h e a rin g s in Ju ly to decide if lire 
G-BRA’s perm it should be annulled. 

S tate Rep. B ennie Bock of New 
Braunfels, sponsor of T raeger’s bill in the House, said passage of the bill could help to avoid any further prob­ lems. 

V oicing m ost of the opposition against the bill was San Antonio Rep. 
Ron Bird who said San Antonio ought to be given the opportunity to gain rights to the water in Canyon Lake.;! 

G-BRA’s permit covers the right to sell w ater from Canyon Lake. 
* 
1 »*#S 

Bird also argued T raeger’s bill might be unconstitutional if it would allow the state to pick up the tab fbi*, the public entities in paying their permit fees. 

But Bird dropped his opposition to the bill later when he was satisfied each of the en tities, including the 
G-BRA, would have to pay its own fees. 

OUR SPECIAL PURCHASE SAVES YOU *235. 
NOW THREE CONVENIENT LOCATIONS TO SERVE YOU 

31 1 1 
Nacogdoches Rd. 
656-1543 

OPEN A 
CONVENIENT 
CHARGE ACCOUNT 

Wonderland Mall 
Handy Andy Entrance 
732-9621 

WE ACCEPT 
ALL MAJOR 
CREDIT CARDS 

Sears Plaza 
721 S.W. Military 
923-43o! 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS jgaturday May 14 1977 

Recession bill gets by House 
V mm-- dtagf?* 
• 
COM PHED H O M WIRE SERVICES f WASHINGTON - In a victory for President 
Carter, the House voted 
24.1-94 Friday to continue for another year a special anti-recession “ counfer- tnylical revenue-sharing iM-'ogram,” which pumps federal money to the s-fates and localities whenever the national 
Unemployment rate ex­ ceeds 6 per cent. 
The program has been 
Cunning at a level of $1.25 billion a year since its creation a year ago but was due to expire soon. 
Carter, as part of his anti-recession package, had asked for extension with a new ceiling of 
$2.25 billion for the cur­ rent year. The Senate is expected to approve the measure after it conies out of conference committee. 
Land rulings probe sought 

WASHINGTON - Sen. 
Paul Laxalt, R-Nev., has called for a Senate inves­ tigation of the Bureau of 
Land 
M anagem ent’s stewardship of Western range lands, claiming it has enforced federal environmental laws in an arbitrary fashion. 
His request was backed by 15 other senators from 
Western states. He said 
BLM policies in regard to public lands m anage­ ment have created an at- riiosphere of uncertainty, apprehension and hostili­ ty. 
Gov. Shapp to repay money 

HARRISBURG, Pa. - 
Gov. Milton Shapp of 
Pennsylvania says he will repay $299,o66 in fe­ deral money received by his 
1976 presidential campaign. 
The Federal Election 
Commission said Thurs­ day the Shapp campaign did not qualify for the money because of frau­ dulent fundraising acti­ vities in five states in the 
South and West. The FFC ordered Shapp to give back the money. Shapp denied any knowledge of illegal actions. 
Carter N-policy is criticized 
WASHINGTON - En­ vironmental and citizen groups complained that the Carter adm inistra­ tion proposals to tighten export controls on wea- pons-grade nuclear fuels do not go far enough. 
Russell Peterson, for­ mer chairman of the 
Council on Environmen­ tal 
Quality, said the 
P resident’s plan abandons consistency iii allowing the chief execu­ tive to override nonproli­ feration cirteria in speci­ fic situations. 
In testimony before a 
.Senate subcommittee, 
Peterson said this policy could allow one nation to reprocess plutonium and deny another, or let one nation have access to ur­ anium enrichment faci­ lities and another not. 
Protestors are released 
HAMPTON, N.H. - 
Hundreds of men and vComen arrested nearly two weeks ago while protesting the construc­ tion of a nuclear power plant accepted guilty verdicts for trespassing and were released on their own recognizance. 
The decision to release more than 5oo Seabrook demonstrators still in custody came after an agreement with prosecu­ tors, who wanted to avoid 
(dogging the sta te ’s courts for the next sever­ al weeks. Thus far, it has cost the state in excess of 
$21oo,ooo to house and guard the demonstrators in National Guard a r­ mories. Those tried and found guilty earlier were given minimum fines of 
$too. 
Bombs destroy police vehicle 

FULTON, Mo. - A po­ lice patrol car was des­ troyed and the Callaway 
County Courthouse was damaged as four pre­ dawn explosions rocked 
(tie city, the second day of unexplained bomb­ ings. 
The patrol car was parked in the police basement where another 

NATIONAL 
DIGEST 

 car was damaged. A bank and a city park restroom were bombed 
Thursday. 
Financier faces jail sentence 

SAN DIEGO - A fe­ deral judge ordered C. 
Arnholt Smith jailed when the 78-year-old fin­ ancier refused 21 times to answer questions about his wealth. He was al­ lowed to remain free pending an appeal. 
Smith repeatedly pleaded the 5th Amend­ ment against self-incri- mination at a debtor’s hearing called to deter­ mine why a $3 million judgment in February against him and two of his companies was never paid. 
The one-time head of a 
$2 billion corporate em­ pire said only that he lives on $4oo a month in 
Social Security in a home owned by his wife. 
AMA denounces 
Carter plan 

WASHINGTON - The 
American Medical Asso­ ciation says President 
Carter’s proposal to curb soaring hospital bills would result in many 
Americans getting se­ cond-rate care. 
Witnesses testifying at 
House hearings on the 
Carter proposal predict­ ed the public would de­ mand the best possible health care regardless of cost. 
The Carter adm inis­ tration contends hospi­ tals are inefficient and are providing too many unnecessary services. It would limit cost in­ creases to the general inflation rate plus an al­ lowance for improved care. 
Pesticide money cut overseas 
WASHINGTON - The government says it is cutting back the amount of money it gives deve­ loping countries to buy 
U.S. pesticides and in­ stead will help them end the indiscriminate use of the chemicals. 
The Agency for Inter­ national Development’s new policy also continues a general year-old prohi­ bition against supplying other countries with pes­ ticides not allowed to be used in the United States for health or environ­ mental reasons. 
But that policy will he relaxed somewhat to ac­ count for crop, pest and other differences between the 
United 
States and developing countries. 
AID programs account for less than 2 per cent of 
U.S. pesticide sales to developing nations. 
South Africa to get word 

W ASHINGTON - Vice 
President 
Walter 
Mondale will tell South 
African leaders next week friendship between the two countries is im­ possible without a major transformation of South 
Africa’s racial policies, administration officials report. 
Mondale sets out Sa­ turday on a 1o-day trip to 
Europe, a highlight of which is his meeting next 
Thursday in Vienna with 
South African Prim e 
Minister John Vorster. 
Officials briefing newsmen on the Mondale trip refused comment on reports the United States plans a series of concrete steps aimed at bringing about policy changes on the race issue in South 
Africa. 
Union official is fatally shot 

LAKE CHARLES, La. 
— Lester “ Red” Lacour, a carpenter’s union offi­ cial facing trial in con­ nection with labor vio­ lence last year, was shot to death at his home. 

Sheriff’s investigators refused to answer any questions about possible motives or other details of the slaying. 

PEO PLE W HO. 
P E A U TM M Tm 
U4LO E 
LO VE W AIL 

Choose Heirloom Look Dining Pieces 
Meticulously Crafted By Singer! 

Magnificent dining set includes a 42"x42"-66" pedestal table and I arm and 3 side chairs with cane seats ... in genuine Oak solids, veneers & Oak engraved wood products. 
REG. $399*-48" lighted china with leaded glass look. . S347 
REG. $299*-Flip top server with light, ca ste rs..............$247 
REG. S499*-Matching corner cabinet (not show n).. . . $447 

SAVE *152 

* 3 * E A S T E R N 

 t h e w i n g s o f m a n 

One Of 6 Nationwide Grand Prize 
Trips For Two To Mexico City 
Via Fastt*m Airlines! 

TABLE & 4 CHAIRS 
$ 

REG. $749* 

’Introductory Offer ... Reg Price After Sale Ends 

Spend 7 days and 6 nights at the beautiful 
Holiday Inn Mexico City Downtown Pink 
/o n e via Eastern Airlines 
Eastern serves 
Mexico from more than 6o cities, fhey’vegot the right time & the right place for you. 

Slavs are on a space available basis through Dec 15, 
IV77 No purchase requited, need not he present to win 
Register in our show room C ontest open to anyone over 
18 I evitr em ployees, associates and suppliers are not eligible Prizes include tra n sp o rtatio n and lodging 

K rgi,H ilton Onetime M iy 24. 1977 
Drawing lime IS. 1977 I rip M in i Sian 
P rior lo 
Dec 
8. 
1977 
Non- 
Eichangeahle, Non KrlunUahlr 

REG. S249 

SAVE *51 s198 

, < 3 

 m m 

SAVE *42 

REG. $19o 

E-Z LOUNGER wall snugger recliner in Boltaflex® vinyl with nailhead trim, wing styling. 

DOUGLAS Spanish style 7- pc. dinette: 42''x48''-66” oc­ tagonal tableand 6 vinyl chairs. 

SAVE *11 

REG. $89 
EA. 

ACCENT tables choice of cocktail, hexagon c" square commode. Traditional style! 

YOUR CHOK I 
YOUR C H O IC E 
SAVE r n 

REG. $99 

CHOOSE open, door, ordrop- lid bookcase with mellow Early 
American styling. 

$ 

 any-MI 

 a? 

 r f 

: ' 

 j 
"4 * 

SAVE 

Enjoy Easy-Living Contemporary 
In Herculon® Olefin And Rich Oak! 

Refresh your room with these upbeat pieces in vibrant, durable Herculon® olefin with rich, solid Oak trim! 

• BANK A M ERICA NO 
• A M E R IC A N EXPRESS 

• M A STER C H A R G E 
• DIN E R S C LU B 
• C A R TE BLA NCHE 

You May Qualify For 
•75o 
INSTANT CREDIT 

♦Introductory O ffer... Reg. Price After Sale Ends 

REG. $329*-58" L oveseat.................. 
$279 
REG. $249*-Recliner.....................................................$199 
REG. $499*-Queen Size Sleeper-Sofa.....................$449 
REG. $149*-Cocktail Table, 55"x29".....................$139 
REG. $139*-Corner Table, 28"x28"......................... $129 
REG. $79*-Chow Table (not shown)..........................$69 

SOFA 

REG. $399 

JOIN THE PEOPLE WHO REALLY KNOW... AND YOU'LL LOVE IT AT LEVITZ TOO! 

543o GREAT FARE ROAD 
Loop 141o) and I-35 at Rittman Rd. Exit 
San Antonio, Texas 
(512) oo1*5331 

PRICES GOOD THROUGH MAY 16 

A ll m ere h an d i n ii priced for p ickup s t o u r dock in (he original factory contain er. O r, if you wick, w all deliver fo r a n additio n al charge. 

KEEP-YOUR COOL 

 l f you have a problem your local store manager doesn't solve, 

Call Miami, Pts. Headquarter* 
Toll Fra* 1-8oo-327-7645 

•CUFYftlOM t l l ’ I U V I t l I I I 1 U I I 4 I 

May 14 19 77 

THE SATURDAY 
EXPRESS NEWS 
EDITORIALS 

W illiam J. Reddell 

Editor o f Editorial Page 

Charles O . Kilpatrick 

Editor and Publisher 

George Carmack 
Associate Editor 

Pone I. Burt 
M a n a g in g Editor 
Magistrates disregard public safety rights 

When a magistrate in Bexar 
County releases a prisoner he does so with the full record of past misdeeds readily available to him and probably laid before him at the time of release. 
T hus, when he re le a ses a prisoner despite prior felony ch a rg es or convictions or prisoners who are on probation, the magistrate is at least care­ less. 
Yet that is what has been happening with sickening regu­ larity lately. Only this week. a man was arrested who has 
TFIREE probations from felony convictions, according to the 
D istrict 
A ttorney’s office. 
Others were freed from jail on bonds while already under bond for previous charges. 
District Attorney Bill White has organized a section in his office to deal with professional criminals. That action can con­ centrate attention upon the burglars and robbers who have enjoyed revolving-door freedom in far too many instances. 
The Criminal Justice Council has criminal records instantly available to all judges in the county. At bondsetting hearings, there is routinely laid before the m a g istrate the record of the 

 prisoner. The m agistrate’s de­ cision to grant or deny bond is a heavy responsibility, of course, but it is out of concern — and we assume it to be a concern shared by most residents of our com ­ munity — that the magistrate should weigh public safety at least as seriously as he weighs 
Hie civil rights of repeater de­ fendants. 
The record seems to suggest such is not the case. 
It is shocking to learn the disregard of some magistrates of the records before them when they free known burglars and robbers. It is even more shock­ ing to learn of one prisoner who was still plying his underworld trade with the benefit of his 
THIRD probation on felony convictions. 
The judges involved in that one have strained justice tem ­ pered with mercy to a ridiculous point. 
Next chapter in attempting to understand such strange d is ­ pensing of justice has to be a recital of the record of the peo­ ple in charge of the system — the judges. Police and prosecu­ tors don’t have a chance if a judge operates a revolving-door bonding system. 
Case hasiTt been made on law f or police to live in county 

The basic question in the dispute over a resid en cy re­ quirement for San Antonio po­ lice officers is why. 
Chief of Police Emil Peters said he would start enforcing the 
1967 ordinance. 
City Council should give the matter early review. 
The residency restriction (to 
Bexar County) appears punitive on its face. There is some logic to having the o fficers living within range of quick response 

 call-up for e m e r g e n c ie s, but that should be in terms of min­ utes from the job, not miles. 

If the city requires limits on residency it may have to assume some obligation for housing. 

The public-safety aspect of the rule may be supportable but the case hasn’t been made. The officers should be free to make their homes where they want as long as they can respond to their job requirements. 

City hall breaks bottleneck 

City Council moved to break a bottleneck in the 
City 
Manager’s office this week. 
The bottleneck was inade­ quate staffing, a sore point with the previous council for nearly two years. City Manager Tom 
Huebner’s proposal to restore the office to adequate staffing met a council ready to move. 
The manager will seek talent in the city and out. Good man­ agem ent policy will avoid too much in-breeding — over-re­ 

 liance upon home-grown talent 
— while providing the incentive of promotion within the ranks. 
Huebner said he will seek qua­ lity first and that is good news. 
Certain segments of the City 
Hall operation had fallen prey to the good-old-boy m ode of ad­ vancement. There is much ta­ lent at City Hall that can be m otivated anew with fresh management initiatives at the top, which now appears to be in place. 

Ii 
Ms s 

Priming the pump 
Real hypocrisy 

Sir: I would like tq point to Mr. 
Richard T. Roome, penman of the notorious “ Yankee go hom e” letter 
(May 9), and say that here, indeed, is a prime example of hypocrisy. 
The man accuses another man of being “ prejudiced and narrow-mind­ ed.” On the side of decency, he com­ mands, “ Yankee go home. 
R eally, 
Mr. 
Room e. 
Are you judging? 
I am a Yankee because I was born that way. 
John CV Behan 

A Tow ering public figure 

Sir: I ani amazed at Rep. Krueger’s criticism of Sen. Tower’s lack of in­ fluence in the Senate, as reported by 
Jam es McCrory (Express, May 3). 

In the spring of 1976, “ U.S. News & 
World Report” labeled John Tower one of the five most influential m em bers of the United States Senate. This conclu­ sion is amply supported by the record. 

Sen. Tower is sixth in seniority among Republican senators and 24th in the entire Senate. 

He is one of the five GOP Senate leaders, serving as chairm an of the 
Senate Republican Policy Committee; and he is the ranking Republican on the Senate Armed Services Committee, which is of vital importance to our state, especially the San Antonio and 
South Texas area. 
Being a m em ber of the minority party since his 1961 election, Tower’s effectiveness should be judged by his leg islativ e c raftsm an sh ip in com ­ mittee action — amendments, m ark­ up and report language — and Senate floor debate, w here he often manages a bill for the Republican side. 
Be the areas agriculture, banking, defense, economy, education, energy, housing, labor, sm all business, or 
Social Security, John Tower is serving 
Texas and the nation well. Thoughtful, independent Texans should urge him to seek re-election and actively support his candidacy. 
Neil Calnan 

North (Bexar) is another story 

Sir: We, too, moved to San Antonio from a northern state and also found our school system here lacking in many fundamentals provided in our northern land. Our findings, however, seem to contrast sharply with those 

 la tte r* to Hilt n e w ip a p a r should bo short an d they m ust bo signed. Initials o n ly w ill bo used at w rite r's request. Correct a d d re ss and teleph one num ber for identification o f letters are needed. Letters w ill be e d ite d fo r length, g o o d taste o n d le g a l re a so n s. 
Address: Letters to the editor, P.O. Box 2 17 1, San 
Antonio. TX 7 82 97 . 

 expressed by Jim m ie Parks (Letters, 
May I). 
Not only is Spanish not used as a prim ary language in our district, it is not even offered as an optional subject in the elem entary school our children attend. Not only do they pledge alle­ giance to the flag, but the school has been known to say the Lord’s prayer over the public address system , i i i direct non-compliance with federal law. 
I invite Mr. Parks and his family to move into our section of the Northeast 
Independent School District where his 

Berry’ 
World 

© 

“ I just can’t believe you’re really with the Carter ad­ ministration! You’re so REFRESHINGLY POMPOUS!’ 
Case for missile subs 

WASHINGTON - It is no coinci­ dence th at when ex-nuclear sub­ m ariner Jim m y C arter asked the 
Pentagon some months ago to give him a rock-bottom m inim um esti­ mate of the nuclear-missile force the 
United States might hypothetically req u ire, he specified subm arine launchers only. 
Not just because President Carter is a Navy man, the firmest leg — both strategically and politically — of the 
U.S. strategic-weapons “ triad” is the ballistic-m issile subm arine (which the Navy designates as “ SSBN” ). 
Prowling 
Prowling a thousand feet below the surface of the oceans, able to fire its doom sday therm onuclear m issiles without ever surfacing or disclosing itself, the Navy’s 41-ship force of 
SSBNs m ounts a to tal of 656 launchers, each carrying a Polaris missile or its newer sibling, the more powerful Poseidon. 
(The aging Polaris-Poseidon boats 
— the newest dates from 1967 — will be replaced by a new generation of 
SSBN called “ T rident,” nam ed for the m ore pow erful, lo n g er-ran g e m issiles they will mount. Four T ri­ dent subm arines are now under con­ stru c tio n ; a to tal of 13 a re p ro ­ gram m ed into the 198os.) 
Mobility 

The unique advantage of SSBN and its undersea-launched m issiles as a s tra te g ic w eapons sy stem are ex­ trem e reliability combined with the 

 undetectability of deeply submerged nuclear submarines. 
Besides being undetectable (and thus effectively invulnerable to any forseeable developm ent in antisub­ m arin e w a rfa re ), the b allistic- missile submarine enjoys the further advantage of mobility. 
Nobody can pretarget a submerged 
SSBN (as they can a land-based silo, for instance). 
This makes the missile submarine the most reliable strategic system we have and thus the backbone of our second-strike n u clear retaliato ry forces. 
The one disadvantage, for the pre­ sent at least, of our existing Polar­ is-Poseidon missile is that the range of both (about 3,ooo nautical miles) is appreciably shorter than that of the 
Air Force M inuteman (about 5,5oo miles). 
As a result, the current generation of ballistic-missile subm arines have to operate, roughly, within 8oo miles of the Eurasian shoreline. 
Range 
Therefore, even though currently beyond Communist detection, today’s 
Polaris-Poseidon boats have to con­ fine operations to a relatively small part of the ocean, the 8oo-mile belt which in some future day the Com­ m unists m ight be able to saturate with m ore effective antisubm arine ships and devices. 
When the new Trident subm arines - begin to deploy in the 198os with their longer-range m issiles, this will ena­ 

 ble them to back off from the E ura­ sian coasts and operate, still within range of any target, anywhere in an ocean area of over 5o million square miles. 
The range-increases will come in two steps. Trident-I (which recently went through highly successful test- firing from Cape Kennedy) exceeds 
4,ooo nautical m iles, a 35 per cent jump from Poseidon. Trident-II (still delayed by lack of congressional funding) prom ises to exceed 6,ooo miles. 
With 6,ooo-miie range, Trident subs randomly stationed in the Atlantic, 
Pacific or Indian Oceans — or for that m atter, in the G reat Lakes or 
Chesapeake Bay — will be able to hit any strategic target on earth. 

Trident thus creates a problem of antisubm arine coverage beyond the capability qf the world’s navies and air forces combined. 
The involnerability and undetecta­ bility of all SSBNs — and of Trident boats pre-eminently — somewhat’ paradoxically makes them attractive to the arms-control community be­ cause nuclear weapons launchers so 

 hard to find or hit offer no temptation to an enemy first strike, just as they guarantee U.S. ability, no m a tte r what happens to our Minuteman and 
B5s, to launch a second strike. 
For these reaso n s, su b m arin e- launched m issiles are considered to be highly stabilizing in the m utual balance of terror between the super­ powers. 
Armor 
As m atters stand today, however, there exists one serious chink in the m issile -su b m a rin e ’s arm o r: the communications which in crisis m ust serve as the trigger for any seaborne ballistic-missile strike. 
The present U.S. global command and control system for our undersea nuclear forces is vulnerable to nu­ clear attack and to political attack 
(existing transm itting stations m ust in several cases be located on foreign soil to provide world coverage). 
Further, it is subject to interfer­ ence from atm ospheric and so lar disturbances, nu clear detonations and R ussia’s highly proficient jam ­ ming. 
Code name 
To render these critically im por­ tant com m unications as survivable as the su b m a rin e s they serv e, a technological a lte rn a tiv e e x ists which could survive direct nuclear hits and free our SSBNs to use all their depth and speed capabilities, both of which are severely limited when employing present methods of communications. 

Politically, this alternative — code, named “ Seafarer” and more prosai­ cally called “ ELF” ’ in the trade — is not so certain. 
The m ain physical requirem ents for Seafarer consist of an extensive, relatively flat terrain containing a bedrock shield of hard g ra n ite through and under which a network of electronic cables, serving as an­ tennae, can be excavated. 

U nfortunately, the search for a 
Seafarer site has been bitterly op­ posed by en v iro n m e n ta lists in 
W isconsin, T exas and M ichigan, three regions where suitable ground formations exist. 

Without ELF" communications in­ stalled and working by 1979 (when the first Trident deploys), we may have to discount the effectiveness of 
Trident by as much as 5o per cent. 

Meanwhile, as the U. S. gradually modernizes its SSBNs, their missiles and their com m unications, Russia has moved with typical speed and urgency to do the same. 

The so-called “ Delta” class of So­ viet B ballistic-m issile subm arines, their first-line boats, have been de­ ployed since 1973, which gives the 
Kremlin a six-year lead on Trident. 

All th is is known to P re sid e n t 
Carter. If any weapons program is likely to get a boost from a disarm a­ ment-minded new president, the nuclear-missile submarine probably stands near the head of the list. 
' 

 fifth grader, if a boy, may play poker during social studies hour, and if unfortunate enough to be a girl, will perhaps am use herself at jacks. 

The child will learn to march, but he won’t learn compassion. He will pray to God, but won’t be helped to feel empathy for his less fortunate peers. 

You see, I have found that most teachers here teach subjects, not chil­ dren. Few teachers will expand this child’s social conscience. A child that doesn’t speak a second language and doesn't espouse “ foreign” custom s will do quite well here. 
Maybe Mr. Parks simply wants to limit his child’s chances of being an enriched, broad-minded citizen, eli­ minating the probability of that child’s chances of being in the minority with other bilinguists. 
I welcome Mr. Parks to San Antonio, and I truly regret that he has been unable to see our San Antonio social and educational situation in its true light. 
I request that my name be withheld to elim inate the possibility of my children’s harrassm ent at school. 
P. II. 

Carter 
Mideast policy vague 

WASHINGTON - In his classic study of diplomacy, Harold Nicolson w arned of “ the dangers of im pre­ cision,” of “ confusion of thought” leading to “ anxious bewilderment,” of the “ narcotic force of ill-considered slogans” and of “ the m ore guileful aspects of tact.” 
We are in the middle here in Wa­ shington of one more chapter of U.S. diplomacy in the Middle East in which all these warnings are being ignored. 
Even allowing for the mystifying com plexity of preserving a secure 
Israel and at the same tim e assuring essential supplies of oil from the Arab states, it is hard to understand the 
C arter adm inistration’s handling of this dilemma. 
Masterpiece 
Recently, it has been a masterpiece of imprecision — conveyed by a series of television shots: 
• President Carter talking vaguely at a town m eeting in New England about “ a Palestinian homeland.” 
• Secretary of State Vance standing with the Israeli foreign m inister in the lobby of the U.S. Embassy in London prom ising to ship “ advanced techno­ logy” to Israel. 
• Jim m y C arter proclaim ing his am iable relationship with President 
Assad of Syria in Geneva, and then, back in Washington, underscoring at a press conference W ashington’s “ spe­ cial relationship” with Israel. 
Complicated 
At least one thing is clear about this complicated procedure: nobody quite knows what it means, and everybody is vaguely suspicious. 
When C a rte r exchanges am iable com plim ents w ith the p resident of 
Syria, or talks about trying to lim it the flow of A m erican arm s abroad, the pro-Israeli congressmen call on him at the White House for reassurances that 
Is ra e l’s flow of a rm s and m odern technology and money will not be af­ fected. 
At the sam e tim e, when Secretary 
Vance promises the Israelis will con­ tinue to get the m ilitary arm s and m odern technology they need, 
President Assad of Syria, President 
Sadat of Egypt and the other Arab leaders wonder what’s going on. 
Congress in dark 
Maybe what’s more important in the long run is that the Congress of the 
United States also doesn’t know what’s going on. 
It has dealt with the M iddle E ast contradictions between the Israelis and the Arabs long enough to understand the uses of confusion. And it watches, w ith a m ixture of ad m iratio n and doubt, Jim m y C arter’s efforts to reas­ sure the Israelis while trying to get them back to the pre-1967 borders with a new P alestin ian “ hom eland” on their flank. 
W hat the C ongress is constantly aware of, however, and has been for a very long tim e, is the power of the pro-Israeli lobby in the House and 
Senate, and the influence of the Israeli 
Embassy on the politics and policies of 
Capitol Hill, and it is watching very carefully how the new President will react to the pressures. 
Carter canny 
Carter has been very canny about all this. He talks about a “ special rela­ tionship” with Israel, but doesn’t de­ fine it. He promises “ modern techno­ logy” , and “ new weapons” to Israel but in the most general term s. 
Members of the Congress who favor 
Harold N icolson’s principle of p re ­ cision ask, if we have a “ special rela­ tionship” with Israel, and if its secur­ ity is a vital in terest of the United 
States, who don’t we make them clear and commit the U.S. by treaty to the defense of Israel w ithin its pre-1967 boundaries. 
Then, according to this clear com­ m itm ent, the Congress, the Israelis, the Arab states, and the Soviets would know the poltitical independence and pre-1967 territorial boundaries of Is­ rael would be g u aran teed by 
Washington, and could not be violated without risking war with the U.S. 
Clarity unwanted 
But, oddly, neither the government in Jerusalem , nor in Washington, nor the Congress, nor the Israeli parlia­ m ent, want this sort of clarity and commitment. 
“ There is a tendency of ail dem o­ cracies,” Harold Nicolson wrote, “ to prefer a vague and comforting formula to a precise and binding definition. The effectiveness of any diplomacy is de­ pendent upon the amount of conviction or certainty that it inspires . . . thus it often occurs that dem ocratic govern­ ments, by couching their statem ents of policy in vague or am biguous lan ­ guage, invite the very dangers which they wish to prevent. 
This is precisely w hat the C arter adm inistration and the in terim go­ vernment of divided Israel now seem to be doing. 
Inviting imprecision 
They are inviting im precision, and not by accid en t. 
C a rte r m ay be im precise, but he knows precisely what he’s doing: he’s promising Israel advanced technology and W ashing­ to n ’s “ special re la tio n sh ip ” , both undefined, while supporting a “ home­ land” for the Palestinians in return for their promise to recognize the political independence and “ s e c u re ” 1967 borders of Israel. 
In short, this is the opposite of Ni­ colson’s diplomacy of precision. 

YO U'VE probably seen this woman, Rosargentina Pinal, on television — talking about Jesus Christ. 
STAFF PHOTO BV STEVE CAMPBEII. 
INS commissioner grandson o f form er 
Mexican peasant 

NEW VORK TIMES SERVICE 
HOUSTON — Ninety-seven years ago, a peasant man from Linares, Mexico, left his home one day and walked into the United States. At the border, he paid a guard either a nickle or a half-dollar, his family is not sure which, to cross. In those days, it was that simple to enter the United States and begin a new life. 
Today that man’s grandson, Leonel 
Jabier Castillo, was confirmed by the 
Senate a s the new co m m issio n er of 
...' J.g 
Immigration and Naturalization. His friends say that taking the job amounts 
; x in committing political suicide; one of 
.< 
Castillo’s most pressing tasks will be to try to curtail the floodtide of people, mostly Mexicans like his grandfather, 
M B H p B B 
' JmgUm who are entering the United States illegally. 
I l l 
< - j p 
B H P 
Castillo (pronounced Cass-TEE-o), 
JT 
Sam is the first person of Hispanic origin to 
B * * r/ -s tJM S I head the Immigration and Naturaliza- 
B ^ fB W fcb? T j K lion Service. He is assuming command 
^ at a time when the agency is frustrated and demoralized. Previous adminis- 
(rations largely ignored m ountains 
MB mounting immigration headaches. But i 
_ 
|j g the Carter administration, faced with hig h u n e m p l o y m e n t a n d with 
J ^ H b assertions that m ig r a n ts a r e taking 
H B K j B 
B 
B 
| jobs a w a y from U.S. w o rk e rs , has made immigration policy a principal 
B B L i j y * h 

It is riot the first task Castillo has 
^ f l H taken on somewhat blithely. His atti- 
B H B i tude and philosophy seem to parallel those of immigrants, legal and illegal, to the United States; the risks are g re at, but the opportunities are greater. 
Castillo was born in Victoria, Tex., on June 9, 1939. He played football in school because his older brother told him he would be a “ sissy” if he did not play. 
“ I never like football, partly because to like it you really have to like beating on people, busting people,” he said in a recent interview. 
He went on to St. Mary’s University in San Antonio, where he became stu­ dent body president, organized South 
Texas Mexican-Americans for John F. 
Kennedy in 196o, and, as a member of a 
Chicano and black civil rights group, integrated a downtown theater. 
Peace Corps 
After that he took another chance and joined an outfit called the Peace 
Corps, and, as one of its first volun­ teers, went to the Philippines to teach 
English. 
His official government biography says that his “facility with languages” ’ helped him master various dialects. 
He ended up in charge of the Peace 
Corps program in the Philippines, and m arried 
Evelyn C hapm an, the daughter of an American contractor and his Chinese-Pilipino wife. The 
Castillos have two children. 
Career 
After receiving a master s degree in social work at the University of Pitts­ burgh, Castillo went to Houston to be­ gin a ca re e r in social w ork, civil rights, and politics. In 1971 he was elected com ptroller of the City of 
Houston, defeating a 24-year incum­ bent. As the man in charge of the money and the books for the nation’s fifth largest city, he was paid 114,5oo a year. As I.N.S. commissioner, he will receive $5o,ooo. 
As Houston’s man with the check­ book, he showed himself to be a fiscal conservative — and at the same time, an open, opinionated city official com­ mitted to what he calls “ human rights on the home front.” 
He has his hands full in the new job, and although he senses the deep philo­ sophical issues involved in deciding who, in an increasingly crowded world, can enter the United States and be­ come a citizen, he. says he will be 

LEONEL CASTILLO 
. . .immigrant’s grandson 

 dealing with nuts and bolts adminis­ trative problems. 

“ Half the typew riters in the San 
Diego district don’t work — that is what I’m going to have to deal with first,” he said. Eventually, however, he will have to tackle sensitive and politically charged issues involving backlogs of legal im m igration, the flood of illegal m igrants across the 
Mexican border, and the allegedly widespread abuses of due legal process involving undocumented workers. 

If he survives the job, Castillo could become the most prominent Mexican- 
A m erican politician in A m erican 
America. 
There must be, he says, compassion for third world people yearning to be free, to start a new life in America. 

But in the meantime, he says, “ the problems are mind-boggling.” 
Comatose girl to be buried 

BROCKTON, Mass. (AP) — Four- teen-year-old Deborah Mari will be buried Saturday, three days after her father asked permission to disconnect the comatose girl’s life-support sys­ tem. 
“I’d like to think a little bit of Debbie was alive in someone else,” Louis Mari said in asking that his daughter be declared legally dead so her organs could be donated for transplant while they were still usable. 

Legion ceremony set this weekend 

Lone Star Legion No. 97 will be the guest of San Antonio Moose Lodge No. 
744 at an enrollment ceremonial Sa­ turday and Sunday at the Lodge Home, 
826 Highland Blvd. 
Ceremonials are held every three months to enroll Legion candidates. 
Highlight of this ceremonial will be a visit by Grand North Moose Charles 
Mason of Richmond, Va. 

The murmurs and pleadings of the praying sail down the carpeted stairs into the rich velvet and mirror-decorated liv­ ing room where the interviewer waits. 
A “ Hallelujah” rises and falls. It’s followed by “All Glory to God.” 
Most of the prayer is in Spanish. 
Most of it is the pleading, coaxing, murmuring of speaking in tongues. 
Ifs the kind of praying you expect in an unadorned Pentecostal church, not in the plush home of the Honduran consul general in San Antonio. 
After awhile the m urm uring dies away. Three people come down the stairs and leave. Finally, Consul Gen­ eral Rosargentina Pinel walks exuber­ antly into the room. 
“ They were brothers in the Lord,” she says, referring to the three who walked out. 
You’ve probably seen Rosargentina 
Pinel on television. 
Testimonials 
The short, silver-blonde woman is one of nine people in the U.S. selected to do television testimonals for “Living 
Proof” — that $1.5 million advertising project of the Texas Baptists. 
Ifs impossible to talk to her without talking about Jesus Christ and what he’s done for her and what she’s doing for him. 
She talks about the hitchhiker she picked up outside Austin en route to 
San Antonio. She fed him, witnessed about Christ. Before the conversation was over, she said they prayed to­ gether. 
She talks about trips she makes sev­ eral times a year into the Honduran mountains! The aristocratic middle- aged woman packs a Bible, gets on a mule and leads American missionaries into the mountain villages. 
Do people ever say you’re crazy? 
Assured 
“No. No. I never heard that expres­ sion,” Mrs. Pinel said with enthusiastic assurance. 
“When you accept Christ, you don’t care about w'hat other people think,” she explains in Spanish-accented Eng­ lish. 
Along with her recently-acquired spiritual zeal, Mrs. Pinel has a list of 

Saturday 
Spotlight h IIS 
JISr 
Davidson 
----------, 
» m » n » n worldly credits to her name. 
She has three masters degrees from 
U.S. universities. She’s been in the 
Honduran foreign service 15 years — most of those years in San Antonio. 
She’s the first career woman in the 
Honduran diplomatic service. 
Work improved 
Since her religious conversion nearly four years ago, Mrs. Pinel says her work for her country has improved. 
“ Before I was strictly doing diplo­ matic work for the government — the good times for me. I was proud to walk in palaces — to see the presidents.” 
Now she’s more likely to walk among the poor. 

She’s trying to get better medical equipm ent and services for her country, for the poor people. 
“ Before — it is a shame. Coming from my family, we would never mix with the lower class. We pushed them aside. The pride, you know, of a high class family doesn’t allow you to talk to servants except to give orders. 
“Now I love the poor. I touch them. I love to talk to drug addicts, to prosti­ tutes. 
“When Christ touches, he gives the healing touch.” 
Do people ever call you a zealot? 
No force 

“ Do you mean a fanatic?” the wo­ man questions. “ No. I think ifs be­ cause I don’t force them. When you force people, you get a bad reaction. 
No human being can force Christ on another.” 
Remember Biblical Saul, an angry unbeliever, on the road to Damascus? 
He saw the light and became Paul, the saint. After awhile of talking with Ro­ sargentina Pinel that story starts bob­ bing up and down. 
So finally the interviewer asks her about Paul. 

She says she’s glad for that question. 
“ I always say I came late like Paul. I am doing the homework I didn t do before.” 
Her conversion didn’t come on the road to Damascus. But, to her it was as dramatic. 
It came Aug 5, 1973. Mrs. Pinel can give you the exact time, the church, the pew and the events that led her to a church and denomination she’s never been associated with before. 
Encounter 

She says she sim ply encountered 
Christ. She won’t elaPirate on the en­ counter. “What goes between you and the Lord that moment is holy.” 

She will tell you that for two solid weeks after her experience sin* cried. 
“ I cried of joy. I’d go into the streets and I asked them, “Do you know Jesus. 
I just met Jesus.’ 
“ I had been like a woman married to a man and living with him for years, but not knowing him,” she says, ex­ plaining her conversion. 
“ I think the most important thing for you to know is that I’m a very, very happy person now.” 
Paper shreds clues in 
S.Korea bribery probe 

W ASHINGTON POST SERVICE 
WASHINGTON - The ingredients are spicy enough for a pulp novel. 
Documents are shredded by employes of South Korean businessman Tongsun 
Park, a prime character in the unfold­ ing story of his government’s alleged effort to buy influence on Capitol Hill. 
E nterprising young free-lance re ­ porters, with the help of a confidential source, spirit away garbage bags full of documents in confetti strips. 
In a painstaking exercise that lasts for weeks, they fit together pieces of paper jigsaw puzzles, revealing let­ ters, overdue bills, international busi­ ness messages and bits and pieces of 
Parks’s relationships with scores of 

U.S. representatives and senators and former Vice President Spiro T. Agnew. 
Stories based on the samples of reassembled shreds are shown to co­ lum nist Jack A nderson, several newspapers including The Washington 
Post and investigators for a congres­ sional committee. 
Subpoena 

Then the committee starts waving a subpoena, setting up a possible First 
Amendment confrontation over cus­ tody of the cache of the spaghetti-like strips, which the reporters hope will help in the writing of a book. 
The scenario sounds bizarre, but it is real. 

After a subpoena was withdrawn, free-lance reporters Lewis Perdue and 
Ken Cummins turned over to the 
House ethics committee several bags of shredded documents from the Wa­ shington office of Tongsun Park. 
According to P erd u e, the story started last fall when Robin Moore, author of “ The French Connection” and saucy m em oirs of the likes of 
"Happy Hooker” Xaviera Hollander, came to Washington looking for a book about abuses of power in the nation’s capitol. 
Last week, the ethics committee is­ sued a subpoena to Perdue for all the 
Tongsun Park documents or “ parts thereof” in his possession. l l OPEC nations forgo oil price hike 

NICOSIA, Cyprus (AP) 
— Eleven m em bers of the Organization of Pe­ troleum Exporting Coun­ tries have abandoned a scheduled 5 per cent in­ crease in oil prices in a move that could save the w orld's oil consum ing nations $2 billion, the 
Middle East Economic 
Survey said Friday. 
However, U.S. oil in­ dustry sources indicated there would be very little savings at the gas pump. lf translated directly, each dollar increase in the crude oil price boosts gasoline prices by about 
2^ cents a gallon. 
The Economic Survey, a reliable oil journal, quoted OPEC sources as saying the decision would be announced formally 
May 2o. 
The decision would be a victory for Saudi A- rabia, the world’s largest exporter and a m ajor source of U.S. supplies. 
Saudi Arabia and the 
United Arab E m irates refused to go along with a two-stage, 15 per cent oil price hike agreed upon by the other ll OPEC members in a m eeting last December in Doha, 
Qatar. 
The 11-member major­ ity initiated a IO per cent hike Jan. I from the then 
$11.51 a barrel and had scheduled a further 5 per cent hike for July I. 
Saudi A rabia and the 
UAE opted for a 5 per cent boost for the whole year. 
Without the second- stage increase, the marker price for crude from the ll m em ber countries will remain at 
$12.7o a barrel instead of rising to $13.3o. They produce about 2o million barrels a day, so the savings to oil buyers for the second half of the year would be more than 
$2 billion. 
Some savings could be eaten up if Saudi Arabia decides on a m oderate boost above the 5 per cent level as a gesture of unity. 
A spokesman for Mobil 
Oil Corp. said “ if the report in MEES is ac­ curate, it is certainly good news for consumers around the world:” 
John Lichtblau, execu­ tive director of the oil- enmoanv supported Pe* 

 troleum Industry Re­ search Foundation in 
New York, said 1^ “ If 
Saudi Arabia stays at 5 per cent, the reduction is going to have a small but positive effect on U.S. oil costs.” 
He said 4o per cent of 
U.S. oil is imported and only 2o per cent of the imports come from Saudi 
Arabia anti the UAE. The 
United States, which consumed about 17.ti million barrels a day in 
April, imports about 8.3 million barrels a day. 
“Theother ll countries account for 75 per cent of im ports,” he said. “ I wouldn't belittle it, but by the time it gets to the gasoline price, ifs going to be very small.” 
Exxon Corp., the lar­ gest U.S. oil company, and some other firm s declined com m ent because the report was unofficial. 
A Shell Oil Co. spokes­ man said sm all price changes either up or down would have little impact at the gasoline pump. 
The ll higher-price advocates apparently abandoned their second increase in the face of mounting 
Saudi oil production — an increase of about 15 per cent since the beginning of the year 
— to m eet increased demand for its cheaper crude. 
Industry sources said, 
Ira n ’s production dropped sharply in April to 5.4 million barrels a day from 6.3 million in 
March. 

Eugene Nowak, senior oil analyst for a New 
York brokerage house, said the reported deci­ sion did not come as a surprise. 
“We suspected if Saudi 
Arabia was intent on keeping its increase at 5 per cent, it would have been virtually impossible for the rest to raise their price 15 per cent,” he said. “ The disparity would be too great at a time when demand is not especially strong for 
OPEC oil.” 
Friday’s report came as the Abqaiq oilfield in 
Saudi Arabia, source of about IO per cent of Saudi production, was shut down because of a fire. 

SKT MAS. lit TOSTO 

MR. PERFECT SLEEPER SAYS "BECAUSE 
THERE IS A SERTA FACTORY IN AUSTIN, PERFECT 
SLEEPER MATTRESS SETS ARE PRICED ABOUT 
Vt THE PRICE YOU HAVE TO PAY FOR OTHER 
TOP LINE SETS. SHOP SEALY POSTUREPEDIC, 
OR SIM M O NS BEAUTY RESTAND COMPARE!" 

PERFECT 
SLEEPER SETS 
• TWIN • FULL • QUEEN • KING 

IHC SLEEP SHOP 
6646 SAN PEDRO 
1724 S.W. MILITARY 
3951 FREDERICKSBURG 
828-5444 
922-1691 
736-5878 

.San Antonio E X P R E SS-N EW S— Saturday M a y 14 1977 
Page 
.9-A 
Honduran consul general says she’s 'Living Proof9 

P ag e 
1 o-A 
San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Saturday May 14 1977 
We’re clearing out, you clean up. 
MEN’S DRESS SHIRTS 
AT 44-67% SAVINGS 
3 
8 8 

 each 
Regularly $7-$12 
Solids, fancies and prints in an array of popular fabrics. Short and long sleeves. S-M -L-XL. D on’t miss out on these great buys. 

WOMENSWEAR 

Out they go 
Clearance. 

Dresses and Pantsuits 

2 
5 
- 5 
o 
% o f f 

Regularly $15-$4o 
M isses’, Juniors’, H alf-sizes 
LIMITED QUANTITIES, HURRY IN! 

PULL-ON PANTS, TOPS, BLOUSES 
Asst’d. sizes, colors. 
Reg. 9.oo-16.—o ................................... 

JR S.’ JEANS, SLACKS AND TOPS 
Asst’d. sizes, colors. Reg. 9.oo-18.oo . 

MISSES’, WOMEN’S SPORTSWEAR 
Jean, jackets, shells, skirts; r% r 
CAO"/ asst’d. sizes, colors. Reg. 4.oo-21.oo 
4 j * ’ O U /O OFF 

2 5 “5o% OFF 
25% OFF 

Save 37% 

SUMMER 
STRAW HATS 
I 88 
R egular $3 
Assorted styles. 

V2 Price 

MISSES’ BRA 
ASSORTMENT 

1 4 9 t o 4 
2 5 
Reg. 2.99-8.5o 
Not all sizes in all styles. 

Vz PRICE! M ISSES' TENNIS SOCKS 
Low cut. Regular 1.39 pair ............................... 

1/2 PRICE! MISSES’ SEAMLESS BRA 
Fiberfill. Regular 4.oo, now .............................. 

SAVE 49%! MISSES’ SLEEVELESS SHIFT 
No-iron. Snap-front. Reg. 4.99......................... 

64c 
.. *2 

2 5o 

CHILDRENSWEAR 

BOYS’ SLACK CLEARANCE 
Polyester cotton and 
I OO' ( polyester. Sizes 3 -7 ........ 

GIRLS’ DRESS CLEARANCE 
Assorted styles and colors. 
Sizes 2-6x. N o w ........................... 

25 -5o% o f f 

25*5o% o f f 

GIRLSWEAR BUYS 

88 
SAVE 1.12 ON GIRLS’ JEANS 
Asst’d. colors, prints. 7-14. Reg. 5.oo ......................... 

1.55 OFF! GIRLS’ 7-14 JEAN-STYLE SHORTS 
1oo% cotton. Colors, prints, Reg. 3.99 ...................... 

GIRLS’ PANTS AND TOPS 
Prints and solids. Long, short sleeve tops. 
Jr. Teens 6-14, Girls o r * 
7-14. Regular 5.oo-17.oo .................... Z o — UXJ/ O OFF 

2 44 

BOYSWEAR VALUES 

97 

97 

$2-$4 OFF! BOYS’ POLYESTER SLACKS 
Plaids, solids. Asst’d. sizes. Reg. 7.99-9.99 ............... 

$4-$5 OFF! BOYS’ KNIT SPORTCOATS 
Spring colors. Jr., prep sizes. 
I I 97 
1 a 
Reg. 15.99-19.99, n o w ............................... l l 
TO 1 4 
Reg. 16.99-21.99 slim, reg. husky sizes 
12.74-16.74 

25% OFF! BOYS’ SOLID VESTED SUITS 
Polyester. Rev. vest. Jr.. prep sizes. 
1 o74 
Arf?25 
Regular 24.99-34.99, now ......................... 1 5 
T O Z O 

3.55-5.55 OFF! BOYS’ NO-IRON JEANS 
. 44 
Assorted styles, sizes. Reg. 7.99-9.99 ........................... 4 

1.o2-4.o2 OFF! BOYS’ SPORT SHIRTS 
Long sleeves. Polyester/cotton. o 97 
Prints, solids. Reg. 4.99-7.99 ......................................... J 

SAVE ON SHOES 

1.55 OFF! WOMEN’S COLORFUL SCUFFS 
Cotton terry, crepe rubber soles. Reg. 3.99 ... 

SAVE $8 ON WOMEN’S SUEDE SANDALS 
Rubber soles. Regular 13.99 p a ir ..................... 

SAVE $5! MEN’S “MOTIVATOR” SHOES 
Suede uppers, rubber soles. Reg. 2o.oo .......... 

SAVE $5 ON MEN’S “NATURAL” SHOES 
Regularly 2o.oo pair, now o nly......................... 

WOMEN’S SHOE ASSORTMENTS 
Casuals, sandals, etc. Reg. 6.99-17.oo............ 

SAVE ON WOMEN’S DRESS SHOES 
Wide assortm ent. Reg. 15.oo-23.oo ...... 

2 44 

. 597 
*15 
*15 
347to8 
97 

747to*13 

Save $4o 
Twin innerspring mattress or foundation. 
Luxury-firm bedding. King, queen sizes also on sale. 
I ? A 
8 8 

R e g u la rly 1o9.95 

129.95 full, ea. pc., 89.88 

SAVE 5o% 
7-PC. CAST-IRON COOKWARE SET 
Wood handles keep hands cool as cast-iron heats, 
| ^ [ 8 8 holds temperature evenly. 
JL 

R E G U L A R L Y 29.99 

Bulb* extra 
SAVE 
V2 

5-LIGHT CRYSTAL CHANDELIER 
Curved glass arms, chrome 
- metal parts. Clear hurri- 
C l® ® cane shades. 22" diameter. 
TC 
R e g u la rly 99.99 

A A O I V T G O / V I E R V 

 i V 
/ i l E l l l 

F loor sa m p le s, overstocks, d e m o s, so m e one-of- 

 a -k in d ite m s. Be h e re early for b e st selections. 
In-the-store 
W arehouse 

THE CHAIN SHOP 

YOUNG MEN’S JEANS, DRESS SLACKS 
Assorted styles, colors, sizes. 
Regular 16.oo-23.oo, now ............ 
3o-5o% OFF 

MENSWEAR BUYS 

4.11 OFF! MEN S NO-IRON JUMPSUITS 
Poly/cotton. Colors. S-XL. Reg. 14.99 ......... 
I O 
88 

58-61% off 

WESTERN STYLE 
SHIRTS FOR MEN 
487 
Reg. 11.99-12.99 
Asst’d. styles. S-XL.. 

46-52% off 

MEN’S 2-PIECE 
KNIT SUITS 
3988 
Reg. 75.oo-85.oo 
Asst’d. sizes, colors. 

CURTAINS & DRAPERIES 
FURNITURE BUYS 

 g 88 

99c 

SAVE 2.11! QUILTED BEDREST PILLOW 
Regularly 1o.99, now o n ly ................................. 

SAVE 33-5o% ON TOSS PILLOWS 
Assorted styles, colors. Reg. 1.49-1.99 ........... 

ONE-OF-A-KIND CUSTOM DRAPES r»f\OV 
Asst’d. colors, sizes, fabrics. Now ............... S U VO OFF 

DISCONTINUED DECORATIVE RODS 
Regular 13.5o-35.oo, n o w ............................ 2o% OFF 

FLOOR COVERING 

6 t o 7 
5o 
</2 PRICE! MEN’S FASHION JEANS 
Asst’d. styles. 29-4o. 
Reg. 12.oo-15.oo ................................................ 

MEN’S UNPACKAGED UNDERWEAR 
Briefs, T-shirts, boxer shorts. Reg. 1.33-2.oo each ........................................ 

SAVE ON MEN’S POLYESTER TIES 
Solids, patterns. Reg. 3.5o-5.5o ................................. 

$25 OFF! MEN’S TWEED-LOOK SPORT COAT 
1oof< poly/knit. Asst’d. sizes. Reg. 55.oo .............. 

$25 OFF! MEN’S SILK-LOOK SPORTCOAT nf%88 
I OO % poly/knit. Asst’d. sizes. Reg. 55.oo ... 

7 7 c 

I 88 
2988 
29 

SAVE ON YARD GOODS 

ASSORTED FABRIC REMNANTS 
5o% OFF 
Wide selection. Assorted len g th s.................... REG. PRICE 

Vi PRICE! POLYESTER/GABARDINE 
Machine wash. 6o” wide. 
* 97 
Reg. 3.99-4.99 yd................................................ I 
TO 
>44 

LINENS & BEDDING 

299 
/>17 
TO O 

387 
*7 97 
TO / 

SAVE ON TERRY BEACH TOWELS 
1oo% cotton. Reg. 3.59-7.99 .................... 

SAVE ON DISCONTINUED SHEETS 
Twin—full—king—queen. 
Reg. 5.29-15.99 ........................................... 

 i/2 PRICE! NYLON TANK SETS 
Catalog overstock. 
«j47 o 99 
Reg. 6.99-7.99 ...................................................... J T O O 
2.99-3.99 lid covers ................................................. 1.47-1.97 

25% OFF! DISCONTINUED TOWELS o 2 4 
Assorted colors. Reg. 2.99-4.29............... 

SAVE ON COLORFUL COMFORTERS 
Assorted styles. Reg. 18.99-25.99 .................. O U ZO OFF 

224 
22 
TO O 

CHECK THESE BUYS 

*129 
69" 

99 

$5o OFF! GRANDFATHER CLOCK 
Battery operated. Reg. 179.oo .......................... 

SAVE $2o ON WHIRLPOOL BATH 
Tim er, % -h.p. motor. Reg. 89.99 ..........'.......... 

$4 OFF! WARDS SHOWER MASSAGER 
- n 
W’all-m ount model. Reg. 14.99................ ................. I U 
22.99 hand-held m o d el 
......................................... 18.99 

$5 OFF! 4-TIER PLANTER STAND 
- A 99 
Wood. 33” high. Reg. 19.99 ....................................... 1 4 

ASSORTED FRAMED PICTURES q88 
o - s 8 
Specaal buy. Many su b jects........................ O 
TO Z U 

SAVE $4 ON MINI-ACCENT LAMPS 
Ceramic base, pleated shade. 
Reg. 16.99............................................................... . 
12 
99 

1.8o OFF INDOOR/OUTDOOR CARPET 
“Spring lawn” artificial turf. Reg. 5.99 sq. yd. 

$1 OFF! VINYL FOAM-CORE FLOORING 
12-ft. width. Reg. 4.49 sq. yd............................... 

419 

349 

FURNITURE BUYS 

$35 OFF! WALNUT BARREL TABLE 
_ 
. 88 
Regularly 1o9.99, now o n ly ........................................... / 4 
99.99 Gold Keg c h a ir....................................................... 74.88 

$13o OFF! 5-PC. DINING ROOM GROUP 
£ r-o 8 8 
Modern. Table, 4 chairs. Reg. 689.99 ................... D O U 
61o.oo matching ch in a ................................................. 479.88 
125.oo matching arm chair .......................................... 99.88 

$14o OFF! 5-PC. COLONIAL DINING ROOM 
. - q 8 8 
Dark pine finish table, 4 chairs. Reg. 559.99..... 4 1 5 / 
459.99 matching ch in a................................................. 369.88 
199.99 matching dry sin k ........................................... 149.88 

$2o OFF! EARLY AMERICAN TABLES* n 8 8 
o a 8 8 
Maple-finish. Reg. 79.99-1o9.99 ............ DU 
TO OU 
8o.oo pr. matching commanders chairs ................... $6o pr. 

21.62 off 

COMMANDERS 
STYLE CHAIR 

4 9 8 8 

R egular 72.5o 
Pine finish. 

Save *7o 

COLONIAL STYLE 
HALF BAR 
19988 
R egular 269.99 
Pine finish. 

$2o OFF! MODERN OCCASIONAL TABLES 
Cocktail, sofa or end table. Reg. 99.99 ea.......... 
79 
88 

88 
$3o OFF! TRADITIONAL OCCASIONAL TABLES*-#* 
Cocktail or end table. Reg. 1o9.99 ea....................... t o 
89.99 traditional end table .......................................... 59.88 

88 

88 

$2o OFF! TRADITIONAL OCCASIONAL TABLES 
Cocktail, hex or square commode. Reg. 89.99 ......... D U 

$1oo OFF! EARLY AMERICAN SOFA 
- . 
Print. Regularly 649.99 ........................................... o 4 5 / 
519.99 matching loveseat ........................................... 449.88 
359.99 matching chair ................................................. 299.88 

$7o OFF! COUNTRY FRENCH SOFA 
o * 7 o 8 8 
Copper color. Regular 349.99 ................................. Z i o 
179.99 matching chair ................................................. 129.88 
159.99 oak cocktail ta b le ............................................ 119.88 
159.99 oak corner ta b le ............................................... 119.88 
139.99 oak end ta b le ...................................................... 99.88 

$13o OFF! MODERN STYLE SOFA 
„ . 
Chestnut. Regularly 799.99 .................................... u 4 U 
649.99 matching loveseat........................................... 549.88 
199.99 matching ottoman .......................................... 149.88 

$1oo OFF! EARLY AMERICAN LOVESEAT 
. o q 8 8 
Copper color. Regularly 529.99 ......................... 4 Z o 
349.99 matching chair ................................................. 279.88 

$15o OFF! MODERN STYLE SOFA 
Two-tone. Regularly 899.99............................. 
749 

88 

88 

Save *11o 

EA. AMERICAN 
CHINA CABINET 
2 tS988 

Regular 369.99 
Pine or maple finish. 

*5o off 

MODERN LIVING 
ROOM CHAIR 
12988 
R egular 179.99 
4 color choices. 

SAVE $1oo ON MODERN SOFA 
Q O Q 88 
Sable-look. Regularly 499.99 .................................. OOO 
399.99 matching loveseat ............................................ 329.88 
279.99 matching chair ................................................. 199.88 

$4o OFF! MODERN LIVING ROOM CHAIR 
.. „ q 8 8 
Brown. Regularly 219.99, now ................................ 17 U 

$8o OFF! MODERN STYLE SOFA 
O Q A 88 
Lv-Tn. Regularly 379.99, now ................................ Z oo 
299.99 matching lo v eseat........................................... 249.88 
179.99 matching chair ................................................. 129.88 

SAVE $6o ON TRADITIONAL SOFA 
o Q q 8 8 
Vanilla spice. Regular 349.99 ................................. Z o o 
299.99 matching loveseat........................................... 229.88 
179.99 matching chair ................................................. 129.88 

$8o OFF! TRADITIONAL LOVESEAT 
O Q Q 88 
Cactus green. Regular 379.99 ................................. Z o o 

SAVE $5o ON TRADITIONAL SOFA 
Q „ 
88 
Marigold. Regular 429.99, now............................... <5 t o 
339.99 matching loveseat ........................................... 299.88 
199.99 matching chair ................................................. 149.88 

$5o OFF! TRADITIONAL CHAIR 
- . o 8 8 
Chestnut color. Regular 199.99 .............................. 14U 

$8o OFF! CONTEMPORARY STYLE SOFA 
Spruce color. Regularly 379.99 ......................... 

$5o OFF! WARDS ROCKER/RECLINER 
Green. Regularly 249.99, now ........................... 

SAVE $6o! FUR-LOOK ROCKER 
Blue. Regularly 159.99, now ............................. 

$2o OFF! WARDS SWIVEL ROCKER 
Gold color. Regularly 89.99 ............................... 

SAVE $5o ON MODERN CHAIR 

29988 
19988 
. 9988 
6988 
129 
88 

88 

Regularly 179.99, now o n ly 
................ 

$6o OFF! COUNTRY LOOK SOFA 
. o n 
Gold color. Regular 549.99 ..................................... 4 © U 
419.99 matching loveseat ............................................. 349.88 
269.99 matching chair .................................................. 239.88 

Save 3.11 

UNFINISHED 
BAR STOOL 
888 
REG. 11.99 
Sanded smooth pine. 

*1oo off. 

CONTEMPORARY 
SOFA & LOVESEAT 
37988 
REG. 479.99 
Amber color. 

SAVE 5.o7! 3-SHELF BOOKCASE 
Unassembled. Regularly 24.99 ....... 
19* 

OFFICE SUPPLIES 

NOVUS 835 POCKET CALCULATOR 
88 
W ith memory. Special b u y ............................................ 7 

CANON 8M POCKET CALCULATOR 
W ith memory. Reg. 14.99 .................................... 

11.11 OFF! NOVUS CALCULATORS 
Statistical or financial model. Reg. 32.99 ......... 

$2o OFF! TI 5o5oM CALCULATOR a8 8 
Rechargable, w/tape. Reg. 119.99............................. U U 

2.11 OFF! CANON 8 CALCULATOR a 8 8 
Pocket model. Regular 11.99......................................... U 

 l l 88 

1 9 88 

LIMITED QUANTITIES ON SOME ITEMS, SO HURRY! SORRY, NO PHONE OR C.O.D. ORDERS, PLEASE. 
WONDERLAND MALL 

Fredericksburg Rd. at Loop 41o 
Open IO A.M. until 9 P.M. daily 

MCCRELESS MALL 

So. New Braunfels at Southcross 
Open IO A.M. until 9 P.M. daily 

Many item s also available at Wards Neighborhood Stores. 

WINDSOR PARK MALL 

IH 35 North at Walzem Road 
Open IO A.M. until 9 P.M. daily 
1 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEW S— Saturday May 14 1977 
Page I I -A 
4o% off 
Steel-belted radial whitewalls blemished tires. 
• 2 rad ia l plies of polyester cord 
• 2 fiberglass belts a n d I steel belt 

W hitewall 
Size 
Reg. 
Price 
SALE 
Price 
Plus 
F.E.T. 
BR7o-13 
52.oo 
31.2o 
2.25 
ER7o-14 
65.oo 
39.oo 
2.67 
FR7o-14 
69.oo 
41.4o 
2 . 8 6 
GR7o-14 
74.oo 
44.4o 
3.oo 
HR7o-14 
8o.oo 
48.oo 
3.29 
GR7o-15 
79.oo 
47.4o 
3.o5 
H R7o-15 
8 6 . o o 
51.6o 
3.27 
NO TRA D E-IN NEEDED 

Special buy. 

You can make: 
• CHAIRS • TABLES 
• DOG HOUSES 
• PLANTERS 
• WINE RACKS, ETC. 

1-in. thick oak w hiskey barrels 
88 

Unlimited uses. 52-gal. cap., 36” high. 6 steel b a n d s . T i g h t un d sound. 
IS 

Plastic cabinet. 

SAVE 
$91 

12977 

SLIM LINE 19" DIAGONAL TELEVISION 

11o° picture tube m eans slim styling. Auto Color tuning, AFC. VHF/UHF. 
4 only at each store. 
L IM IT I per custom er. 
368 
Regularly 459.95 

2157 

Save $212 

Buy our 2o.1 -cu.ft. refrigerator now. 
‘388 
Regularly 599.95 

I t ' s a 11 * f r o s t I e s s . 
Full-length 6.54-cu.ft. freezer. 7-day m ea t keeper. Four shelves adjust. Dual controls. 

Lim it I per custom er. 
Save 15% to 67% 

RANGES & OVENS 

2318 

Save $1o1 

3o" gas range with easy-to-clean features. 

Lift-up cooktop; rem ovable oven D door h as la rg e window, More. 
299.95 
4 ONLY 
-LIMIT I 

*151 off 

WARDS 3o-IN. 
GAS RANGE 
$248 No. 2346 
Reg. 399.95 
I only. Lim it I. 

Save *12o 

WARDS MICRO­ 
WAVE OVEN 
5 Only. 
$1 AQ 
Lim it I 
I J J C No. 8o27 
Reg. 319.95 
359.95 No. 8o37 oven, $228 

REFRIGERATOR BUYS 

HOUSEWARES BUYS 

Clearance 
42-62% off 
SHOWER CURTAINS SELECT GROUP 
AND LINERS 
3o-5o% 
Reg. prices 
Also bath accessories 

COFFEE MUGS 
99<ea 
Reg. 1.75-2.75 
Assorted styles, colors. 

SAVE 9.11 ON PEANUT BUTTER M ACHINE 
Regular 19.99, now o n ly ........................................... 

STEEL CABINETS & W ARDROBE 
Dam aged, discontinued. Now .......... 

SAVE 5o% ON QT. MASON JA R S 
Case of 1 2 . Regularly 2 .9 9 .................. 

REG. 3.99 VIKING SUPER K N IFE t i ” tom ato & filet k n ife ................... 

IO88 

^ 2 o - 5 o % 
OFF 

........................................................... 
I 
4 9 

J 5o 

TOY DEPARTMENT 

15.11 OFF! 6 -LE G GYM SET 
W ith slide. Regular 99.99, now 
1o9.99 Best I leg gym set ........ 
8488 
94.88 

SPORTING GOODS 

Save $5o 

9x12’ CANVAS 
NYLON TENT 
9988 
Reg. 149.99 
Canvas top. 

Save *4o 

13-FT. ALUMINUM 
CANOE 
22988 
Reg. 269.99 
42-in beam. Seats 2 

$5 OFF! VINYL TOTE BAG f q 9 7 
O utside pockets. Reg. 24.99 ................................... I l l 

$4o OFF! 12-FT. SEM I-U BOAT 
Regularly 319.99............................................................. 

SAVE $15o! 8 -FT . POOL TABLE 
$ O O Q 
Drop pockets. Regular 1o49.oo .................................. 
o * /S / 
o29.99 8 -ft. pool table, slate bed .................................... $555 
499.99 8 -ft. pool table, slate bed .................................... $399 

SAVE $61 ON SOCCER TABLE 
- q q 8 8 
Regularly 249.99. now o n ly ........................................ J. O O 

$49 OFF! 7.5-H P OUTBOARD M OTOR 
- n n 8 8 
Regularly $249 ...................................................... l a i r 

$19 OFF! 1 2 -FT . JON BOAT 
- - a 8 8 
Regularly $199...................................................... 1 7 5 / 

AUTOMOTIVE NEEDS 

Special 

ALL AUTO AIR 
CONDITIONERS 
15% OFF 
Reg. price 
Installation available. 

Special 

ALL REBUILT 
AUTO ENGINES 
*75 OFF 
Reg. price 

1o.11 OFF! ADJUSTABLE AIR SHOCKS 
. g 8 
Installation available. Reg. 54.99 pr........................... 4 4 

1 o . 1 1 OFF! 8 -TRA CK AUTO STEREO o n 8 8 
Installation available. Reg. 39.99 ............................... JLu 
1.59 W indshield solvent, I-gal..................... 
99' 

BUILDING MATERIALS 

ALUM INUM TU RBO VENTS 
Installed on I-story ct n rtS S w alkable loof. Reg. 2/73.48 ............................ 4* FOR o 4 * 
79.99 power vent, installed .............................................. 69.88 

$19 OFF! CASA BLANCA CEILING FAN q q 8 8 
36-in. diam . Regular 119.oo.......................................... 5 /1 / 
52-in. diam , model, reg. 149.oo ................................... 129.88 

SAVE 1 . 1 1 ON OAK PANELING 
. 8 8 
4x8-ft. Choice of 3 finishes. Reg. 5.99 ............................ 4 

SAVE 1.5o! GALVANIZED GU TTERIN G 
IO’ length. Reg. 3.99. 
^ 4 9 
W hen bought w /fittin g s ...................................................... Z 

1.11 OFF! SO LA R -X SUN CONTROL FILM q 8 8 
18x72-in. Regularly 9.99, now .......................................... O 

1.11 OFF! G REA T LENG TH S M IRR O R KIT 
Includes four 16x14-in. pcs., 
o 8 8 border, tape. Reg. 9.99 ........................................................ O 

PAINTING NEEDS 

$6o OFF! '/3-H P C O M PRESSO R O U TFIT 
Includes hose, gun, 5-gal. 
$ O Q tank. Reg. 149.95.................................................................. 
O U 

$4 OFF! LIFE INDOOR FLAT LATEX 
- 9 9 
IOO colors. Regularly 11.99 gal........................................... / 

$5 OFF! SILICONE ACRYLIC EX TERIOR LATEX - 9 9 
6o flat colors. Regular 12.99 gal........................................ / 

$ 1 OFF! 7-PC . ROLLER K IT 
- 4 9 
Includes edger, ext. handle. Reg. 5 .4 9 ............................ 4 

SAVE 1.49 ON ANTIQUING KIT 
All latex. 2 step, I-day. Reg. 4.49 ...................................... 
<5 

PLUM BING DEPT. 

$5o OFF! 4-CY CLE WATER SOFTENER o n f t 8 8 
Regularly 259.95, now o n ly ........................................ a U « / 
359.95 5-cycle m o d e l........................................................ 299.88 

$2o OFF! C A ST-IRO N BATH TUB 
- „ 
8 8 
W hite. Regularly 1.89.95, now .................................. A O * / 

$15 OFF! REVERSE TRAP TOILET 
~ q 8 8 
W hite vitreous china. Reg. 54.95 ................................ *51/ 

ELECTRICAL NEEDS 

Save *141 

17-CUBIC FOOT 
REFRIGERATOR 
$338 

5 Only. 
L im it I 
No. 1736 

LAWN & GARDEN SHOP 

Save *11o 

1ox7-FT. BARN- 
STYLE BUILDING 
13988 
Reg. 249.95 
G alvanized steel. 

V2-P rice 

ALL I-GALLON 
SHRUBS REDUCED 
5o% OFF 
REG. PRICES 
Includes shade trees. 

$8o OFF! 1ox9-FT. LAWN BUILDING 
- q q 8 8 
All-steel. Regularly 279.95, n o w .............................. A * /* / 

$2o OFF! 3 Vs -H P ROTARY MOW ER o q 8 8 
2o-in. steel deck. Regular 119.99 ......................... 
5/ 5/ 

$2o OFF! 3 V2 -H P ROTARY MOW ER 
1 q 8 8 
2o-in. turbo deck. Regular 139.99 ................... 1 15/ 

$3o OFF! 4-H P SEL F-PR O PEL L E D MOW ER o . q 8 8 
R ear discharge. Regular 279.99 ............................... 
45/ 

$1oo OFF! 8-H P ELECTRIC START RIDER c q q 88 

4 -speed. 3o” cut. Regular 699.95 ................... DJ/5/ 
849.95 8 -hp transaxle lawn tr a c to r ................................ $699 

$61 OFF! 5-H P RID IN G MOW ER 
o o o 
26-in. cut. Reg. 449.95 ................................................. 
O O O 

$3o OFF! 5 V2 -CU . FT. CONCRETE M IXER 
9 
o Q 8 8 
Regularly 269.95, now o n ly ......................................... ^ * 5 5 / 

BRONZE & CRYSTAL CHANDELIERS iisriS o ’-................. 2 o -3 o % off 

7.11 OFF! I OO-FT. CORD & REEL SET 
- ~ 
8 8 
3-wire. Regularly 19.99. now o n ly .............................. I m 

HARDWARE VALUES 

$8o OFF! 1 o -IN . RADIAL ARM SAW 
- q 
Regularly 339.oo, now o n ly .......................................... 
4 5 o 5 / 

$5o OFF! 295-AMP ELECTRIC W ELDER 
$.. j- q 
W ith accessories. Reg. 2o9 .o o ........................................ 
1 D 5 / 

2.11 OFF! 15-DW R. PA R TS CABINET 
. 8 8 
S ee-thru plastic draw ers. Reg. 6 .9 9 ................................ 4 

1o.11 OFF! W ET & DRY SH O P VACUUM 
. . 8 8 
R egularly 54.88, now o n ly .............................................. 4 4 

SELECT G R O U P OF SHELVING 
A ssorted styles, sizes. Now ................ 4 5 U * * * jl/ / o O FF 

Reg. 479.95 
W hite and colors. 

*1o1 off 

19.9-CUBIC FOOT 
REFRIGERATOR 
4 Only. 
L im it I 
o * 1 o No. 1916 
Reg. 449.95 
3-door. W hite only. 

Scratch & dent sale. 

CLAIM DAMAGE REFRIGERATORS 

AND FREEZERS 
2o% ,o 
4o% off 
All floor models sale priced. Hurry in! 

*81 off 

13 CU. FT. UP­ 
RIGHT FREEZER 

$ 1 
6 
8 n o 4315 
Reg. 249.95 
W hite only. 
3 Only 
Lim it I 
CITIZENS BAND RADIO 

Save *51 

15-CU. FT. CHEST 
FREEZER 
81 68 No. 8525 
Reg. 219.oo 
W hite only. 

Save *9o-*13o 

No. 671 Royce 653, 23-channel, was 149.95 ................ 59H* 
No. 673 Royce 655, 23-channel, was 169.95 ............ 69.88 
No. 676 Royce 658, 23-channel, was 189.95 ................ 79** 
No. 677 Royce 662, 23-channel, was 219.95 ........... 89.88 
No. 7oo S harp 23 channel, special b u y ........................... $48 

STEREO & TV BUYS 

AIR CONDITIONERS 

Save *7o 

8,ooo BTU Compact air conditioner 

4 p u s h b u t t o n c o n t r o l s . A ( I - | q q 8 8 jus t a hie til er- 15/5/ in o stat, air de- Reg. 
Hectors. 
269.95 

Save *71 

13-IN. DIAGONAL 
COLOR TV 

$ 2 
8 
8 
No 12337 
Reg. 359.95 

6 only. Limit I. 

$1o1 off 

19-IN. DIAGONAL 
COLOR TV 
$368 No. 17196 
Reg. 469.95 
Console. 5 only. Limit I. 

2237 
W ood-grained vinyl-clad cabinet. 

SAVE *71 

CONSOLE STEREO 
WITH RECORDER 

A M / F M / F M - $ 
1 
7 
o ste re o , 8 - track 
I / O recorder/player, Reg. auto, changer. 
249.95 

4 ONLY—LIMIT I 

WASHERS & DRYERS 

6415 

SAVE *121 

18-LB. CAPACITY 
AUTO. WASHER 

8 -cycle, 5 tem p. $ 
o 
9 
o com bos, w ater- s a v e r c o n t r o l . REG. 
More. 
349.95 

3 ONLY—LIMIT I 

$71 OFF! PLUS CAPACITY WASHER 
No. 6o25. 4-cycle. 3 only. 
Lim it I. Reg. 269.95...................................... 

$81 OFF! 2 o -LB. ELECTRIC DRYER 
No. 7325. 4 only. Limit I. Reg. 259.95 .. 

*198 
*178 

Save *8o 

15,ooo BTU AIR 
CONDITIONER 
9 o o 8 8 i t x / V 
No. 5537 
Reg. 379.95 
3 cooling, 2 fan speeds. 

*71 off 

58oo BTU AIR 
CONDITIONER 
$168 No. 5724-5-5 
Reg. 239.95 u °1 ,l 
D eluxe model. 115-volt. 

SEW MACHINES, VACS 

SAVE ‘2o 

UPRIGHT VAC 
CLEANS SHAGS 
4 p i l e h e i g h t £ Q 
8 8 adju stm en ts, 3- position handle. Reg. 89.95 
Tools included. 

Save *41 

WARDS POWER 
HEAD VACUUM 
‘58 No. 3o3 
WAS 99.99 
2 only. Limit I. 

15.95 off 

OUR UPRIGHT 
VACUUM CLEANER 
$34 No 843 
Reg. 49.95 
2 only. Limit I. 

132o 

V2 Price. 

Our open-arm stretch zigzag sews k n i||. 

2 stretch, 3 util- 7 4 i t y s t i t c h e s . Reg. 
B lindhem m er. 
$149 
5 ONLY—LIMIT I 

WHETHER ITS FOR YOURSELF, YOUR HOME, YOUR CAR—WARDS CHARG-ALL CREDIT CAN HELP YOU ENJOY IT NOW 
Looking for value? See us. HM hO 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS-— Saturday May 14 1977 
Charity costs bi I approved 

AUSTIN 
(A P) - Charities, with certain exceptions, would have to hold their administration and solicita­ tion costs to 3o per cent under a bill passed Friday by the Texas House. 
A 72-38 vote sent the measure to the 
Senate, where Rep. Jim Nugent, D- 
Kerrville, says he expects to find a sponsor among that chamber’s handful of power brokers. 
“ This will protect the state of Texas from the overnight ripoff artists we have operating here at the present time,” Nugent said, adding that Tex­ ans gave $5oo million to charity in 1974. 
His bill would require charities to register with the Secretary of State, obtain a permit from him, report the names of their officers and directors and submit audited balance sheets. 
Solicitation and administration costs could be no more than 3o per cent of amounts collected. If they exceeded that amount, “ they must tell the donor what percentage of his gift is going to 

 overhead,” Nugent said. 
Exemptions would include United 
Way, Community Chest, schools, churches, hospitals, groups that raise money from internal giving, those with 
25 or fewer contributors and those with less than $1o,ooo in donations. 
House members tentatively ap­ proved but postponed a final vote on a bill that would restructure Blue Cross so that a majority of its directors would be non-medical people. 
Rep. Dan Kubiak, I)-Rockdale, won the postponement vote so he could prepare amendments preserving the 
State Insurance Board’s present—but unused—power to regulate Blue Cross’ rate of reimbursement to hospitals for treating policyholders. 
Board chairman Joe Christie said 
Friday the board should retain that power because it would provide some means of state control of hospital costs. A Senate bill creating a hospital commission seems destined for defeat. 
Several B exar bills passed by House 

EXPRESS CAPIfOl BUREAU 
AUSTIN — Along with over a hundred other bills, several measures sponsored by members of the Bexar 
County legislative delegation were passed by the House Friday. 
In unusual action to quicken the pace of bill passing, House members took up close to 13o bills and passed nearly as many in one day’s work session. 
On the average, the House has taken a half hour to several hours in ad­ vancing one bill, usually taking all the time needed to debate controversial points in the bill. 
However, on Friday Speaker Bill 
Clayton suggested a clump of bills on the major and general state calendar be passed in very short order to third reading. 
Brief debate 
Next, the bills were debated briefly and finally passed — some being sent to the Senate and other bills passed from the Senate being sent to the go­ vernor for signing into law. 
Another group of bills, around HO, received almost automatic passage 
Friday as they were attached to the local and uncontested calendar. 
Clayton’s suggestion to move quickly on the more than 6o bills on major and general state calendars did not go by without dissent. 
Clayton said passage of the bills would give the House a chance to catch up to the level of House-passed bills during the same period last session. 
Disagreed 
State Rep. John Bryant of Dallas disagreed with Clayton’s reasoning. 
“ This is not a prudent way to oper­ ate,” Bryant warned House members. 
The Dallas legislator tried unsuc­ cessfully to postpone final passage of the bills until Monday to give members 
“ at least the weekend to study the im­ pact of the bills.” 
Bryant said some of the bills might come back to haunt House members for having passed them so hastily. 
There was a split in the Bexar dele­ gation on Bryant’s attempt to stall passage. 
On the motion to suspend the neces­ sary rule in order to consider the bills on third reading, Bexar legislators voted the following: 
Reps. Ron Bird, aye; Al Brown, aye; 
Don Cartwright, no; Matt Garcia was absent, Joe Hernandez, absent; Frank 
Madia, no; James Nowlin, aye; Don 
Rains, aye; Abe Ribak, no; Lou Nelle 
Sutton, no; Frank Tejeda, no, and Bob 
Vale, no. 
The motion to suspend rules for third reading and final passage of the bills won by a vote of 88-39. 
That action turned out to be of benefit to members of the Bexar House 

 delegation. Six of their bills were passed and sent to the Senate. 
Four other bills — one which was sent to the governor — were passed on the House local and uncontested ca­ lendar. 
The bills and their sponsors are: 
• HB858 by Rep. Bob Vale passed to the Senate. HB858 would authorize franchise tax exemptions for corpora­ tions manufacturing, selling or in­ stalling solar energy devices. 
• HB899 by Rep. Al Brown passed to the Senate. HB899 would authorize in­ creased fines against funeral homes, funeral directors, morticians and em­ balmers for unlawful practices. 
• IIB954 by Rep. Ron Bird passed to the Senate. HB951 would authorize a complicated new judicial procedure for determining whether a defendant is competent to stand trial for reason of insanity. 
• HB963 by Joe Hernandez passed to the Senate. HB963 would include auto­ mobile insurance policies in the list of policies which may be used in the county where the home office of the insurance company is located. 
• HB1239 by Hernandez passed to the Senate. The bill would no longer allow negligence in an accident or cri­ minal act to be used as a defense in changing venue of a court case. 
• SB875 by Sen. John Traeger of 
Seguin passed and was sent to the go­ vernor. SB875 would permit the man­ agement of a street transportation system to be taken over by the go­ verning body of a city or a board of trustees whether the system is en­ cumbered or not. 
• HB1379 by Vale would validate certain highway improvement assess­ ments or reassessments made by a city against owners of property abutting the highway. 
• HBI7o2 by Rep. Jim Nowlin was passed to the Senate. The bill would permit a landlord to remove a tenant’s personal property from a leased resi­ dence under certain conditions. 
It also creates a limited obligation on the part of the landlord to store the personal property safely. However, if it is determined the property and pre­ mises have been abandoned, the land­ lord would have no duty to keep or store the property. 
Giant skunks are located in Java 

AGENCE FRANCE FRESSE 
JAKARTA — Giant skunks, proba­ bly survivors from prehistoric times, have been discovered in the jungles of north central Java. 
Antara News Agency said the skunks are as big as German Shepherd dogs and could climb trees. 
2o% OFF 
"Take-Out” Furniture 

Sale through May 21 

Club Chair, s a s . S28.oo 
Deck Chair, 
Sa r. S29.6o 

Great casual furniture that's lightweight enough to easily (old up and take outside to enjoy in pleasant weather. Natural wood frames and your choice of natural or brown canvas. Matching Stool and tables are also available. Limited quantities. Master Charge. 
BankAmericard, or revolving charge plan. storehouse* 

6547 San Pedro at the corner of Jackson Keller (in Village Plaza) lei. 341-2281. 

 oolco 

NOW 
THRU 
SAT. 

INFANTS' 
D ARNETTE 
MIX & MATCH r7„497 

Sand box set favorites include elastic back slacks, skirts, turtlenecks, crew- neck shirts. Assorted washable fabrics and colors. Sizes 2 to 6X. 

 mourn 
WINDOW 
SHADES 

C o lo re d p la s tic stu rd y w o o d e n roller. H urry in now and save! 
2 / * 5 
Regularly 4.49 

ASSORTED 

 ll, 
BEACH 

! | 
TOWELS 

£9 6 

Regularly 3.88 

A large assortm en t of n o v e lty b e a c h t o w e ls . B u y n o w and save! 

PRINCESS 

TWIN 
PARS 

P r in g le P o t a t o 
C h ip s the new fangeled p otato chips Individually stacked. 
67* 

Regularly 89 

16-OZ. PRELL 
I 

Regularly 1.83 

Prell Concentrate Sham poo for great looking hair. In unbreakable bottle. 

5-OZ. CRIST 
OR GLIEM w vi wiiii ii awl 

' ■ ’ / 
* 
( 
DMH 

 f l u I 
Bl t w o 

Your choice of Crest or deem tooth paste. Save now! 

JUMBO 
WICKER 
HAMPER 
■ A B B 
W o v e n w icker-look vinyl w ith p ad d e d vinyl top for c o n ­ 

 v e n ie n t s e a t in g . R e g u |a r |y 1 5 .9 7 
B row n and white. 

 bedspreads 
ANIMAL KINGDOM 

R e g . 
SALE 
TWIN 
18.97 
148S 
FULL 
21.97 
178! 
8 4 " L l l .97 
988 
LITTLE FOLKS 
TWIN 
18.77 
1488 
FULL 
21.97 
1788 
8 4 " L 
12.97 
988 

MASSING!! 
DISPOSABLE DOUCHE 

6 OZ. 3/*1 

REG 
59* EA. 

One of the quickest, easiest douches ever. No mixing or spilling. 

12 OZ. 
MAALOX 

1 
2 7 

Regularly 1.49 

Magnesia and alumina oral suspension. 

7 PC. GLASSWARE SET 

S e t c o n s is t s of an oz. pitcher, and 6 — 
1 2 -o z . g l a s s e s in 
Spring S o n g pattern. 
Gold and crystal. 
Regularly 2.97 

 a s s o r t e d p la s t ic w a r e 

A. 11 Vi QT. UTILITY PAIL 
. . 
. $1 
B. 2o-QT. UTILITY TUB . 
. . 
. $1 

C. 17 QT. WASTE BASKET 
. . 
. $1 
D. 1 BU. LAUNDRY BASKET 
. 
. $1 
E. TOILET BRUSH AND HOLDER 
$1 
F. 11-QT. DISH P A N .................. $1 
G. LACY WASTE BASKET 
. . . $1 
H. MIXING BOWL SET.................. $1 
I. HANDY CARRY ALL . 
. 
. 
. $1 
STORAGE B I N ...................... $1 

MANUAL 
RECORD PLAYER 
I f 88 

Regularly 23.99 

M a n u a l record player w ith volum e and tone control. 45 and 33 rpm. 
# D M M 1 

TAPE CASE 

$s 

W ill h old 24 tap e s 
Durable plastic case. 

Regularly 6.47 

GARDEN CENTER GRAND OPENING SPECIALS 

8 HP-32" CUT 
RIDING MOWER 
%S66 
Regularly 637.oo 

Cut 3 2 ” swath. 4-speed transmis­ sion. Twin Blade. Electric start. 

SCALLOPED 
EDGING 

Your choice s c a l­ loped edger 7x24, 
B lo c k s c o n c r e te 
8x16 

Regularly 77< E A ll* I 

3-GAL. 
TANK 
SPRAYER 
199 
13 

Regularly 16.99 

8 " G a l v a n i z e d pum p with 3 gal­ lon tank. 2 6 ” vinyl hose nozzle. 

BLACK & 
DECKER 

Use nylon line, spinning at high speed to cut hard to get places. 

GRASS SHEARS 
I I 88 

3 ” w ide blade. Com es with battery & charging unit. 

HEDGE SHEARS 

1 9 ” 

Double insulated 13” sin­ gle edge shrub & hedge trimmer. 

ELECTRIC 
EDGER 
U n 

Edges Many times faster than hand edgers. Clean cutting with W inged blade resists clogging. 
$ 8 2 2 o 

WOOtCO M AKES IT EASV TO SHOP 

BA N H A M ! K it A B O H A ST FA C H A K S I 
* O O IC O C A K D 
* Convenient Time - Payment 
^ 
* Convenient Lay away Plan 

W OOLCO RESERVES THE RIGHT TO LIMIT QUANTITIES— NOT RESPONSIBLE FOR TYPOGRAPHICAL ERRORS. 

IOO G ill RD. 
48o3 WEST 
527 FAIR 
22T4S.W . 
271o AUSTIN 

NEAR WONDERLAND 
COMMERCE 
AVENUE 
MILITARY DR. 
HWY. AT W AIZEM 

732-2211 
434 9481 
533 8166 
924-1441 
653-4461 

8111 MEADOWLEAF DR 
NEAR MARBACH AT N.W. 41o 

675-9671 

SHOP WOOLCO 9:3o A.M. TO 9:3o P.M. M ONDAY THRU SATURDAY 

 j BUY WITH CONFIDENCE! 

SATISFACTION GUARANTEED! 

' 
R EP LA C E M tST OH M O N E) G iA O ir R K u N D tD 
^ 
^ 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS- 

CONTINENTAL ll 
TOTE BAO 
A M 

 oaten 

M ade of soft. handsome 
Ranchyde.'" Keeps all your camera gear in one place. 
Carry strap. Zipper top. 
IO x7 x6 
Regularly 16.99 

CAF 
VIEW MASTER 

A ll the favorite D isn e y characters in fun to-look at reels. Com es complete with viewer. 

R eg u larly 5.49 
3” 

ALUMINUM 
TENNIS RACKET1 
86 
L ig h tw e ig h t a lu m in u m tennis racket w ith nylon string. 
4 

Regularly 9.99 

MINI MAC 35 CHAIN 
SAW W/AUTO SHARP 

Dependable, light­ weight saw with rugged 1.8 cu. in. engine, new chain brake to reduce kickback. 
149 

Regularly 169.95 

TOOL BOX 
W/TRAY 

Heavy duty gauge steel with lift out tote tray. 
488 

Regularly 7.27 

LIVE IO INCH 
HANGING BASKET 
8 8 
5 
Reg. 7.97 

Aluminum plants, ferns, jews, & more. 
Hurry and save! 

CORNING WARE 
PRODUCTS 
5o% OFF SALE 

Lare special assortment to choose from. Includes 3 dif­ ferent patterns. Not all sizes in all patterns. Come early for best selection, (Open Stock Prices). 

SAMPLE PRICES: 

P-149 PERK 
P-1o4 TEA 
POT 
A-1o9 SKILLET 
A-3oo STARTER SET 
18.95 FOR 9.48 
11.95 FOR 5.98 
14.5o FOR 7.25 
32.5o FOR 19.25 

BOYS' WESTERN 
STYLED JACKETS 
296 
SPECIAL 
PURCHASE 

Machine washable sanforized cotton denim with 2 chest pockets and snap closing. A must-have in Blue denim. Sizes 34-46 

WELLINGTON BOOTS 

I O " C a c tu s ran ge hide ra n c h W e llin g t o n wi t h walking heel. 6 ’^-12. 
1 8 41 

Regularly 23.99 

 p f - . j ‘ - K \ 
< in A“ t> a l i t 
A .\ — ifc. 
WINFIELD 
BASKETBALLS 

5 -P ly n ylon w ith rubber cover. Offi- c i a I s i z e a n d weight. 
* 5 

Regularly 6.99 

MOLDED 
SWIMMING POOL 

M o ld e d p la stic R a g ­ ge dy A nn and A nd y 
Pool By Empire. 
$6 ” 

R egularly 7.66 

GREEN MACHINE 

New est and widest ridenY ever. A ge s 6 to 1o. 
$ 18 
88 

Regularly 25.97 

JET STREAM 
IIMMLOi! UMMEL 

Latex sa tin enam el, dries to sem i-gloss fin­ ish. Use brush or roller. 
Tools clean in soapy water. 
5 

99 
GAL. 

Regularly 7.59 

/ > 
TITHER BALL SET 
8 7 
Ball orpes galvanized pole. Fun for the fam ­ ily. Buy now and save! $8 

Regularly I 1.44 

LARGE PLAY BALL 
1 1 7 
Ideal for hours of en joyment. Hurry in now and save at W ooled 

Regularly 1.96 

1o-GAL. AQUARIUM 
WITH KIT 

In c lu d e s air p u m p , 

 floss, carbon, filter tub­ ing and more. 
888 

FOR ALI YOUR LAWN AND GARDENING NEEDS 

5o# AMMONIUM 
SULFATE 

3 ” 

Fast acting nitrogen source for lawn & garden. 21-o-o 

FIR NUGGETS 

2 ” 

Regularly 2.69 

Great for decorating and landspcaping. Jumbo size. 

4o# ORGANIC 
TOP SOIL 
97 
< 

Use for top dressing or fill­ ing holes in lawn. 

5o# VIGORO FOR 
TEXAS TURF 
9 7 
4 

Special formula for Texas 
Turf lawns. Dust free pellets for easy use. 

MARBLE CHIPS 
66 

ORMS: 

SEVIN 
I 

Regularly 1.97 

Ideal for rock gardens, flow­ ers, beds, terrariums. 

SPECTRACIDE 
GRANULES 
2/$1o 
Regularly 7.98 
Controls Chinch Bugs, sod- web worms, earwigs, white gru b s, and m an y other. 
12’/2-lb. bag treats 25oo sq. ft. 

BIRD 
BATH 
$I9 
R u g g e d concrete construction in a va­ riety of lovely De­ signs. 

SEVIN 
DUST 
I " 

Regularly 1,99 

Insecticide for gen eral garden use. Con­ tains 5% Sevm. 

LAWN 
SPRAYER 
4»8 

Regularly 5.98 

M ulti-purpose s p r a y e r f or 

 lawns, soil, fo­ 

 liage. 

EMPTY 
BASKETS 
66< 
1o plastic hanging plant basket. 

4" PLANTS 
8 8 * ea. 

YO U R CH O ICE! 

Choice of colens. Begon­ ias, Copper and others. 

WOOLCO M AKES IT EASY TO SHOP a g a r 
) 
SHB BE* 
■AMK A M I H ic AHO 
CM A B G ! 
**O O l CO C ABO 

* Convenient Time - Payment 
* Convenient Lay-Away Plan 

W O O L C O RISER V IS THI RIGHT TO LIMIT QUANTITIES 

IOO GILI RD. 
48o3 WEST 
527 FAIR 
2214 S.W. 
271o AUSTIN 
S H I MEADoWLEAF DR. 
NEAR WONDERLAND 
COMMERCE 
AVENUE 
MILITARY DR. 
HWY. AT WALZEM 
NEAR MARBACH AT N.W.41o 

732-M11 
434-9481 
533-8166 
924-1441 
653-4461 
675-9671 

SHOP WOOLCO 9:3o A.M. TO 9:3o P.M. MONDAY THRU SATURDAY 

BUY MITH CONFIDENCE! 

SATISFACTION GUARANTEED! 

 t f F l t f l M E M OE m i t t Gl ACl t U F illD tO 
^ 

Judson 
FFA awards given 

Kristi Thieme is the first girl to win the FFA student of the year award at the annual parent-stu- dent banquet of the Jud­ son 
High 
Future 
Fan n ers of Am erica chapter. 
Robert 
Bryan was named winner of the star chapter farmer award, sales award and the award for the highest scholastic average. Erv­ ing Ernst, president of the Bexar County Farm 
Bureau, announced 
Bryan had been selected to attend the Texas Farm 
Bureau citizenship se­ minar in Waco this sum­ mer. 
The chapter star greenhand award went to 
Douglas Hendrix and the 
DeKalb award for an outstanding senior to 
Curtis Fey. Fey also won the co-op award. 
Star farm shop honors went to Mark Sankey and the shop safety award to 
Gregory Kiolbasso. 
Trip 

Ray UU brid) won the trip given to the Ameri­ can Society of Ranges camp sponsored by the 
Converse Lions, and Jill 
Long, chapter sweeth­ eart, was named the stu­ dent to attend the F FA 
National Seminar in Wa­ shington, IXC. 
Ernest MeCallum and 
Mr. and Mrs. Roger 
Thieme were named honorary F F A chapter members, and Mrs. Elsie 
Dais and Curtis Fey were presented special parents’ awards, 
F B. Wines, leacher- trainer at Texas A&I 
University at Kingsville, told the youths Thursday night at Judson High 
School they can enjoy their rights when they fulfill their responsibi­ lities. 
These include respon­ sibilities to parents, bodies, schools, the com­ munity and to a supreme being. 

5th burn victim is dead 

The fifth burn victim of the Canary Islands air disaster hospitalized at 
Brooke Army Medical 
Center died Friday, a hospital spokesman said. 
Steve Sparacino, 85, of 
San Jose, Calif., died at 
11:51 a m. from burns received in the March 27 collision of two 747 jet airliners at Tenerife, 
Canary Islands. 
He was among 14 sur­ vivors airlifted March 3o to Brooke’s Institute for 
Surgical Research burn treatment center. 
Four other survivors have died from burns during their hospitaliza­ tion at the burn center. 
Two survivors remain hospitalized in very ser­ ious condition. 
The others have been to other hospitals or discharged. 
The death toll from the 
Tenerife crash, called the world’s worst air disas­ ter, now stands at more than 58o. 

-Saturday M a y 14 1977 
I 3-A 

A federal judge in Oklahoma City refused to stop a trucking company from forcing some of its drivers to ride with Edna Ruth Lievsay. 
Mrs. Lievsay, the first woman truck driver hired by Lee W a y Motor Freight Co., was the target of drivers* wives, who claim women in trucks are a “ temptation.” — AP Wirephoto lf.S. officials hold Mexico jail escapee 

BRO W NSVILLE (A P) - One of two men who escaped from the Matamoras, 
Mexico, prison was being held here Friday pending a decision by 
U.S. authorities on whether to turn him back over lo 
Mexican officials. 
Marpin Rutledge De Leon, 2o, a I ’.S. Army private identified as a “ Mexican citizen with U.S. resident alien status.” and Juan Reyes Villanueva, 27, of 
Harlingen, broke out of jail before daw ii Thursday. 
Villanueva was reportedly serving the last few months of a seven-year sentence for narcotics viola­ tions. De I,eon had been iii the Mexican prison on murder charges since last December. 
DeLeon said lie paid an unidentified person a large sum of money to toss a metal file over the prison walls and into the courtyard. Ile said he and Villan­ ueva sawed their way through two bars of the cell they shared with 87 other prisoners and slid down a pole outside their cell window . l'he serviceman said Villanueva climbed into a waiting car and sped away. He said he ran to Inter­ national Bridge, which spans the Rio Grande and divides the two countries, crossed it aud surren­ dered to Cameron County deputies. 
DeLeon was arrested at a Matamoras night club un 
Dec. 29, 197(1 and charged w itll the murder of Daniel 
Hinojosa. 19. a Brownsville man whose body was discovered in a shallow grave outside Matamoras iii 
April last year. 
At tile time of his arrest. De-Leon was on a 15-day leave from Ins duty station in the Panama Canal 
Zone. Following his surrender Thursday, LLS. 
Army. FBI and U.S. Border Patrol officials were asked if there was any reason to hold him on federal charges. 
An Army spokesman in San Antonio said De Leon was not absent without leave and could voluntarily return and surrender himself to Army officials at 
Fort Sam Houston in San Antonio. 
By noon Friday, De Leon was still in county jail here, U.S. officials had apparently not decided whether to remand him to his original captors. 
W oman law yer disbarred 

COLUM BIA, S.C. (A P ) — The South Carolina 
Supreme Court has disbarred a woman who was graduated from the University of South Carolina 
Law School, passed the bar examination to become an attorney and practiced law •— under an assumed identity. 
The court order, announced Friday, was recom­ mended by the State Bar's hoard of grievances. It is the severest penalty an attorney may receiv e short of criminal charges. 
Court records available Friday did not give the woman’s name other than the one used ut the un­ iversity and on bar records, or her present address. 
The attorney for the woman, state Sen. Heyward 
E. McDonald of Columbia, said the name she used — 
Gabrielle Ann Scott Elliott — “ is her real name.” He declined to comment on any other aspect of the case, saving he did not have her authorizaHon. 
Three for $169. 

Wall units priced unbelievably right. Complete three unit group as shown Is 8189. Each ready to assem ble unit is 12 deep, 3o" wide, 72 high, and may be purchased separately. 
Sixteen inch depth, extra shelves, and another model ottered at slightly higher prices. 
Vinyl clad finishes are white, walnut, light or dark butcher block. Finished natural elm veneer wood units are also available. Each unit com es unassem bled in a box, ready for you to pick up and put together Master Charge. BankAmericard, or revolving charge plan. storehouse 

6547 San Pedro at the corner of Jackson Keller (In Village Plaza) tel. 341-2281. 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Saturday May 14 1977 

1oth Anniversary 
Celebration 
"Shank you San Antonio" 

The Patio Shop is having a very special sale to our 
Extra Special customers who have made this 1oth anniversary possible. 
SALTERINI w r o u g h t ir o n 

4 8 ” Dining Table with 2 arm chairs and 2 side chairs. 
Reg. $ 5 2 5 .o o 
\ unis r sit r\ Special s399oo 

Beverage Cart. 
Regular $ I 5 o .o o 

Vnim ersin Special s99 °° 

18 diameter 
3 5 ” high 

B O N U S! Hook on Ottom an' 

Regular $5 4 .o o 
$ 2 9 o ° 

 with p u rch a se o f a n y other Salterim item. 

Spring Chair. 
Regular $ I o 2 .o o 
\m m ersm Special 

^ 6 9 °° 

1o47 N.E. tOOP 41o 
828 28o7 

C a s h & C a r r y 

S.A. area to get 
$27 million from jobs funding law 

The San Antonio area will get more than $27 million of the public service and emergency jobs money signed into use by 
President Carter Friday. 
The bill earmarks $27,675,ooo for new jobs in Bexar and ll surrounding counties which make up the Alamo 
Manpower Consortium. 
The grant is the largest ever for San 
Antonio under the Comprehensive 

Training and Manpower Act. 
City officials have said the money will go a long way toward easing the unemployment problem in San Anton­ io, at least on a temporary basis. 
The bill includes $5.2 million to create jobs for the poor, the unem­ ployed and the underemployed. 
An additional $22.4 million w ill create emergency jobs in high unem­ ployment areas of the city. The money will come through the U.S. Depart­ ment of Labor. 
JOBS BU X 

 fund 4,ooo separate projects, with priority given to northern industrial states where unemployment has been chronically high for some time. 
New York State will get $5oo million for jobs under the new public works bill. New Jersey will receive $2o2.5 million, and Connecticut will get $74.3 million. 
A spokesman for the Labor Depart­ ment said the projects would provide 
3oo,ooo construction jobs nationally and the same number of jobs in related industries. 
The President originally asked for $2 billion this year and $2 billion next year, but the Congress voted the entire amount in a single appropriation and 
(’arter raised only slight objection. 
Other funds 

The appropriations bill he signed 
Friday includes not only the funds for the public works projects but another 
$8 billion for public service employ­ ment over the next year and a half for 
Americans chronically unemployed, and an additional $1 billion for 2oo,ooo jobs for young people. 

In 1976, despite a veto by President 
Ford, Congress endorsed a similar public works program that provided 
$2 billion for such jobs but was roundly criticized for focusing on affluent ar­ eas in the country and ignoring major cities with high unemployment. 

The current bill extends and en­ larges on the prior legislation and offers a priority status to localities hardest hit by joblessness. 

While the President was indisputa­ bly happy with the chance to officially endorse the largest economic stimulus of his administration, others were not as elated, including George Meany, the president of the AFL-CIO, who was in the Rose Garden Friday but did not figure in the ceremonies. 
Meany previously criticized the publicworks bill as insufficient. F r i­ day, he said nothing to reporters who inquired about his opinion now that the bill has become law. 

But Robert A. Georgine, who heads the massive labor organization’s 
Building and Construction Trades De­ partment said that while the bill would not solve the whole unemployment problem, “ it does give the genera! economy a big boost.” 

Secretary of Commerce Ju an ita 
Kreps said the use of the funds for building city hails, libraries and other public facilities would be “ a long-term legacy” as important to the country as the creation of the jobs. 

Secretary of Labor Ray Marshall said hiring would begin immediately and predicted that all of the jobs pro­ vided by the legislation would be filled within the seven months. 

His office has been actively prepar­ ing for the programs during the legis­ lative process, he said, suggesting that new employment opportunities will be available in mental health facilities: hospitals, energy conservation pro­ jects, recreation programs, and urban rehabilitation work. 

 rn 

A 
K- M 
■ 

' J a K 
' :: ' 
, 
T> *;• - .> ■ 
KvJkm-,: ^ ■', 
" ' 
. 
* 
U U ipr 

LONE EAGLE Phil Hardberger announces his flight plans at “ Bon V o y a g e ” cerem onies Friday 
J 
® 
' 
STAFF PHOTO BY TARK* TA RSH IS 
TRANSATLANTIC 

 flying time, has sacrificed all personal weight for equipment. He is taking no baggage, just one clean shirt. 
During the flight, he will wear the survival suit which is a space system product. The suit will help offset the cold water temperatures should he have to bail out. 
The emergency life raft is comple­ tely equipped with rations which will last about a week. Like Lindbergh, 
Hardberger will not have a parachute. 
“ It is not practical in a small plane,” he said. The plane has a partial auto­ matic pilot — it will control heading but will not hold altitude. 
“ Certainly his feat was more diffi­ cult,” Hardberger said. “ But even today it is not a simple thing.” 
The attorney said he was not too disappointed his flight was not going to be non-stop, but added he would be 
“ just as comfortable or more by going straight across.” 
“ I am not looking forward to landing in Greenland, which is famous for its treacherous weather. But I have al­ ways wanted to see Greenland and 
•Iceland. 
"The thrill is in the personal chal­ lenge,” Hardberger said. “ It is a flight 
I have wanted to take for several years, 

 ever since I started reading about 
Lindbergh.” 
While firming up take-off prepara­ tions, Hardberger admitted he had not determined where he would stay in 
Paris or his return flight. 
“ I have not planned that far in advance,” he said. “ I just want to make sure I take-off all right.” 

Angry loggers due at Capitol 

EU REKA, Calif. (A P) — A caravan of trucks loaded with redwoods and angry loggers sets out Sunday morning for a rumble across the country scheduled to end with 25 tenrwheelers lined up along Constitution Avenue in 
Washington. 
They also will visit the Capitol and confer with their representatives and senators. 
The loggers are protesting federal proposals to add between 48,ooo and 
77,ooo acres to Redwood National Park in an area where many of them work for timber companies. 
Eureka Mayor Sam Sacco, a leader of the protest, said: “ We’re fighting for our jobs and we’re going to save them.” 

J U S T lA R R I V E D ! 
TRUCK LOAD BIRD BATHS! 

THE ONES YOU HAVE BEEN WAITING FOR 
GREY-GREEN- 
WHITE-BEIGE- 
NATURAL 

NORTHEAST 
Cr ■ 
'J .6923 Son Pedroy?eif| 
P i I 
Pl*.,344-4576 •• -;m 
’S 

NORTHWEST 
I 7o4 Bandera Rd ' 
PH. 434-41 l l 

JfXTRA TO«»S .,.$ ^ 9 8 
A V A I L A B L E cornu 
V 

■your complete professional center 
OPEN 7 DAYS A WEEK 9:oo a.m. til 6:oo p.m. 
______________STARTING FRIDAY, M A Y 13, 1 97 7 
GERANIUMS 
79 

3 INCH 

REG. 984 

5 INCH 

REG. *2.98 
$1 67 

Sr. Says: 
GARDNER’S SPECIAL 

 r n , .'-v. /..i 
>4 . 
B L A C K & D E C K E R c 

 t x a.. - :... ct ... 
C ord less and Electric P o w e r Tools * 
Systemic f&m GRASS t r im m er s 
, LAWN edgers 

 action goes? directly into compare 2 © To O F F 
’ the root: system v 

2 GAI CAN 
POMEGRANATE 

Bearing Variety Beautiful 

 orange blooms. 

BUSHY & 
S I 4 7 
FULL 
I 

2 GAI CAN 
CALIF. PRIVET 

Hedge, rapid grower. 

BUSHY & 
$ I I 7 
FULL 
I 

HARDY INDOOR FOLIAGE PLANTS 
6 Inch Pot Reg. $6.98 Dracena 
^ a 
/ 7 
JANETTE GRAIG 
* 3 
6 Inch Pot Reg. $6.98 DRACENA 
C 
A 7 
MARGINATA 
I 8-24 inch high 
6 Inch Pot Reg. $6.98 DRACENA 
C 
A 7 
MASSAENGENA 
15-18 Inch High 
I Gallon Reg. $5.98 NEATHE 
^ 

BELLA PALM 

ARALIA FALSA 

I 8-24 Inch High 

15-18 Inch High 
* 3 *7 

BEAUTIFUL BLOOMING POT PLANTS 

$3 ’ 8 
ZEBRA PUNTS * 3 ,S 

Weed ’em and reap! 

Give your lawn a healthy 

 feeding and control weeds at the same time. 

A P P L Y N O W 
! ! ! 

*4.98 

*1o.98 
Trust your lawn to ferti-lome...it works! 
& ferti-lome M 

I 

TO MICHIGAN PEAT r 
" m i l t ! 

MICHIGAN PEAT, 
H ira m ired W9IH3IM ojd: 

 la 

OXDDV9 

25 lh. *2.98 
5o lb. ‘3.98. 

Covers 1125 Sq. Ft. 

3o lbs. *8.95 
& 

 ferti-lome 

LAWN aijtjT 

C O N T A IN IN G 
FUNGICIDE 

 ferti-lome 

 ai I Vi 
'PATCH 
CONTROL 

Jr. Says 

Stop brown v; v= patch fungus I, in your lawn, flower beds, 
* and ornamentals 

AFRICAN VIOLETS $9 98 MUMS 
ASSORTED C O LO RS 
18-2o BLOOMS 

KALANCHOES 
$3 ’ 8 AZAELEA PLANTS 
$J 
98 

YELLOW B L O O M FOLIAGE 

ASSORTED COLORS 
BEAUTIFUL 

C A LIF. 
ROSES 
• Grand Floras 
• Flora Bundas • Climbers 
New and gold1 All Amer­ ican Roses growing in 2 gal cans. Tagged true to name Only proven varie­ ties for 
San 
Antonio, hybrid 

 u p 

FOR MOTHER... BEAUTIFUL 
HANGING BASKETS 
CLEARANCE SALE 

I '% Assorted Varieties - 
(r J 
A <f 
Airplane * Dwarf SFICIAl 
7 / 
Fern, etc 
GROUP 

Qts. 
*4.98 

G a l.* I 4.98 
Will, ii 
Your lawn deserves the very best. 
Give it ferti-lome...// works! 

 c i t r u s 
FRUIT TRIES 

G r a p e fr u it * 7 ,d 

O ra n g e 
*8** 
M e x ic a n 
Lim es 
* 9 ’ 8 

K u m q u a ts * 9 * * 

GENISTA 
B u d A i - Y e l l o w B l o o m s y o u w a n t e d 
$ o 1 9 
W e r e o r d e r e d 
O 

F1oR A T A M f v i M A 
GRASS $2 I ! GRASS 53 

BOTTU BRUSH 

 wi B tu AAM a. 

One Gotten 
$ * 9 7 
Regular % AM 
How 
J 

NVI GAILOR 
$|9'7 
EtqAU.H How ll 

7-8’ TREIS 
**124.95 HOW 

GRA 

Z O Y S IA 

APPLICATOR 
INCLUDED 
You can trust ferti-lome it works! 

D ECLINE R E S I S T A N T 

DECORATIVE BARK 

MEDIUM-IARGE 
Keeps moisture ond weeds down 

Reg. SS.99 
SJM 9 7 

W /CoUPoN 
LIMIT 4 

Chinch Bu g & Decline R esist 

ARE YOUR PLANTS READY FOR SPRING? 
AND SUMMER? 
WWWW 

 gACCTQ 

 p: tting scil 

T r n m 
W n i m 

( ,r e e n I p . A m e n t a . ' 

( ira te H e a lth v 

B e a u t if u l B lu n ts it itll \titiantilh Hi'i oftniieil 
H \< I T O " 1‘ m il u i 

TM* M S T IN e o n jN O 
E M S M 

‘mille t* 
1 u t e r o 
JH S * P® TTI MC SOIL 

 m y u n u i 
O r s 

 r e o u P Q 
N 
J 
{ C O U P O N S 
6 LB. A C ID 
P E A T M O S S 
Excellent planting mixture for soil & containers 
Reg. $1.69 

W /C oU PoN 
8 # 
. LIM IT 4 

ASPARAGUS FERN 
7 Vt” Pot Hardy Fern—for patios or planters—Needle like foliage Rapid growth 
Reg. SI .19 w/coupoN 
5 7 
LIMIT 11 

SYCAMORE 
3 Gal. 5-6 ft. ropid shade tree for S.A These ore very well shaped trees. 

Reg. $9.98 
$ ^ 
* 7 
W /C oU PoN 
A # 

SACK 
__________ 
C O U P O N 

BOSTON FERN 

4 
Excellent in or outdoor 
Fern for hanging boskets contoiners ond 
Ground 

CoV#r 
LIMIT 5 
Reg. 2.98 
$ 1 8 7 
W/COUPON 
I 

Handy Q- Andy 

FOREMOST 
BIG DIP 
ICE MILK 
HALF GAL. CTN. 

Handy @ Andy 

16-O Z. BOTTLES 
|MR. PIBB, SPRITE! 
OR COKE 
CARTON OF 8 

NJ 

Handy ® Andy 

ASS’T. & DECORATED 
BOUNTY 
TOWELS 
JUM BO ROLL 

 plus 

 dep. 

GOLD BOND 
STAMPS 
Handy Andu 

5 UT ANNIVERSARY 

B 
STAMPS 

AD EFFECTIVE SAT., M AY 14, 1977 
SAN ANTONIO STORES ONLY 
RIGHTS RESERVED TO LIMIT QUANTITIES 
SWIFT PREMIUM 
DINNER SIZE 
FRANKS 

CALIFORNIA, U.S. NO. I 
CELLO PA C K 
CAULIFLOWER 

-LB. PKG 

EA. 

SIZE 12 

EA. 

Bakery 

APPLE SPICE SUGARED 
PARTY CAKE 
DONUTS 
PKG. OF 22 

Handy @ Andy 

H AN D Y AN D Y 
PAPER 
NAPKINS 
14o COUNT PKG. 

Ilandy ® Andy 

6-PIECE STEAK KNIFE 
OR 3-PIECE 
CUTLERY 
SET 
(COOK BOOK SPICE) 
YO UR CHOICE 

Handy @ Andy 

HUSBAND PLEASIN’ 
RANCH STYLE 
BEANS 
15-OUNCE CANS 

FOR 

Page 
I 6-A 
San Antonio EXPRESS-N EW S — Saturday M ay 14 I 977 
MCMANUS 
Cheating target returning 

 cost $6,ooo down payment and $6,ooo more when the job was completed. 
They identified the Cantrells as be­ ing the victims, he said. 
“ I asked them what possible benefit there was. There was the daughter. I couldn’t believe it. McManus said, ane s very cold; she can do it. 
McManus said he would get one-third of the insurance and estate,” he said. 
Tabor said McManus delivered 
$6,ooo the next day. later, when asked if progress was being made, Tabor said, “ Irv was probably checking things out and whn he saw the right time he would do the job.” 
Accident 

McManus and Olney asked about having the job done during the 1976 
Easter weekend near Austin, where the Cantrells were playing golf, mak­ ing it look like an accident, Tabor said. 
“ Vernon Olney called me Thursday or Friday before Easter and said to call Irv off. “ I don’t have the stomach for it.’ I said he’d have to tell McMan­ us,” he said. 
Later, Olney re-entered the deal, 
Tabor testified, but added he (Tabor) saw this as an opening to get more money from the two. 
“ I told them Irv was upset because 
Olney had tried to back out and now he 

 wanted the other $6,ooo,” Tabor said. 
He testified Olney brought in the 
$6,ooo in the next day or two. 
“ I also said Irv had a job in Young­ stown, Ohio, so for them to cool it,” he said. Prosecutor Mike Hinton asked about IO days later when Tabor was asked.what happened to ‘‘good ole 
Irv?” 
Hepatitis 

“ Got hepatitis,” he responded. 
Tabor said he began hiding from the pair, but they found him in a Houston lounge one day. 
“ They just walked in on me, I was drunk, and I told them I had been mentally sick,” Tabor said. 
He testified he told them, “ You’d better believe there’s a Irv.” 
“ I believe I could do it,” Tabor quoted McManus as saying. 
Tabor said he had not figured out what to do if pushed further on Irv. “ I might have had him die from the dis­ ease or I might have just admitted I conned them.” 

INS 

 who lobbied for his appointment. 
“ I think I can tell you he’s going to take on one of the most difficult jobs in government. Sometimes I think the 
Oval Office is a hot spot, but I think his own responsibilities at this particular time might be even worse,” Carter said. 
He said he trusted that Castillo would bring “ a proper sensitivity’’ to the job, which has been held by former 
Marine Corps commandant Leonard 
Chapman. Chapman’s policies, ac­ cording to Mexican-American activists who met earlier this week with Bell and Castillo, had some Mexican- 
American communities “ under a vir­ tual state of seige” as beefed-up border patrols searched for illegal aliens. 
Chapman concentrated the IN S’s growing resources into its law enfor­ cement efforts in the Southwest. Cas­ tillo said he would like to shift some of the emphasis to cutting down the paperwork backlog that means long waits for Mexicans who would like to migrate legally. 

Involuntary 

He said he was not a voluntary wit­ ness and had fled to Dallas and had been using an alias. He was returned to 
Houston and declared as a material witness last September. 
The district attorney’s office said in exchange for testimony he would not be charged with swindling, he testi­ fied. 
He also denied having ever met Mrs. 
Derese. The defense, while cross-exa­ mining her Thursday, contended it was she and Tabor who were involved in the killings. 
Olney was brought into the cour­ troom briefly, and when he left Tabor properly identified him. 
White car 

Reed Hughes, 19, who lives down the street from the Cantrell home, said he identified McManus from a police photo as being the man driving a white 
Monte Carlo in the neighborhood the evening of the killings. 
The driver had a beard, although 
McManus didn’t when arrested. 
Hughes said he picked the photo from pictures of IO different men. 
Ken Guile, 19, who lives with his parents across the street from the 
Cantrell home, said he saw a white 
Monte 
Carlo at the 
Goose 
Bay 
Country Club, where the Cantrells were playing golf, and then in the neighborhood the same day. 
Mary Buckingham testified she rented a while Monte Carlo to 
McManus under his own name at 
Houston Intercontinental Airport at 
1:2o p.m. on July 24. The car was re­ turned at 8:25 a.m. the next day. 
Roots Sandal 
Special. 

Barefoot comfort is yours at a very comfortable price in these well-crafted sandals with soft, natural leather uppers and foam-padded leather insoles. 

Only the Best iii Slides, Handbags, and Other Accessories 

4225 McCullough 
822-o653 
ROOTS 
J 

NEW YORK (A P) - 
Timothy Ringgold, who first drew attention to widespread cheating at 
West Point and became a target of prosecutors in the honor code scandal, said Friday he was among 98 former cadets offered readmission to the 
U.S. 
Military 
Academy. 
“ I just feel an obliga­ tion to go back,” Ring­ gold said in a telephone interview from Tempe, 
Ariz., where he finished a term at Arizona State 
University on Thursday. 
“ I want to be part o f the change. I want to show that the people who left were worth keeping) in the first place.” 

This week 
An academy spokes­ man said the 98 former members of the Class of 
1977 were notified this week that their applica­ tions to join next year’s graduating class have been accepted. 
They left under an 
Army leniency plan dur­ ing the worst scandal in 
West Point history. The plan waived two years’ required active duty as enlisted men and all but promised reinstatement this year. 
Of the 152 cadets who left as a result of the scandal, 1o5 have fol­ lowed up their requests to return, the spokesman said. Decisions on seven cadets have yet to be made. 
The cadets report at the end of June to take up 
T hief arrested again 

A twice-convicted sho­ plifter remained jailed 
Friday after she and a companion were arrested 
Thursday allegedly car­ rying unpaid for items from a South Side store. 
When arrested this week, the woman had been out of jail after posting a $25,ooo bond pending appeal of her three-year sentence fol­ lowing a guilty plea to a felony theft charge last year in 144th District 
Court. 
Bond was continued for the woman, Mary Lerma, 
52, of 214 West Salinas 
St., last month after she was found guilty by 
County Court-at-Law No. 
2 Judge John Bell of a misdemeanor shoplifting charge. 
Penny store 
Police said they ar­ rested two women out­ side the J. C. Penny Store at South Park 
Mall 
Thursday afternoon. The pair carried allegedly stolen merchandise worth $71.44, according to police reports. 
Miss Lerma was as­ sessed a $5o,ooo bond by 
Night Magistrate Manuel 
Lopez Friday morning after she was charged with theft between $2o and $2oo. 
Charged with the same offense is Sylvia Ramir­ ez, 17, of 6623 Callaghan 
Road. She was released from Bexar County Jail after posting a $8oo bond set by Lopez. 
BILL MILLER BARBQUE COUPON 
Family Order Bar-B-Oue Beef 
I 
I 
II 
III 
I 

NOW OPEN 
’TIL 9 P.M. 

I lb. of delicious BBGI BEEF with SAUCE, and I pint each: COLE SLAW, POTATO SALAD, PINTO 
BEANS & LOAF OF FRENCH BREAD. 
Regularly $4.95, limit 2 
95 
TO GO 
ONLY 
SPECIALS EFFECTIVE THRU WEDNESDAY, MAY 18, 1977 

Sweet Iced 

T E / V f I gat. 
79* 

 usual senior year sum­ mer training and to repeat Electrical Engin­ eering 3o4, the course on which one-sixth of a class violated the honor code by collaborating on a trivial computer home­ work assignment. 
Ringgold and the handful of other cadets w ho do not need to repeat the course report June 29 for training in Panama or Alaska. 
“ I feel good about the way things have worked out,” Ringgold said, 
“ and I want to go back to 

 heal some wounds. I w ant to pick up my career where it left off.” 
Now sporting a mous­ tache and longer hair, he recalled that he first ran into trouble with the academy a week after the scandal surfaced in April 
1976 by telling an Army secretary, and then the press, that cheating went beyond the single homework assignment. 
There were charges and a conviction, later dropped, that he had violated the honor code — which states that “ a 

 cadet will not lie. cheat, or steal, nor tolerate those who do” — by hav­ ing tolerated cheating. 
Academy officials threatened charges again but did not pursue them, and Ringgold resigned in 
August because of what he said was “ injustice” done accused cadets and unfair treatment for him. 
A lawsuit he filed al­ leging illegal prosecution of the cadets was de­ clared moot by an ap­ peals court last month. 
Ringgold said that last 
December’s report of the 

 special commission headed by former as­ tronaut Frank Borman transformed his “ dis­ gust” into a desire to re­ turn. The report called the way the code was ad­ ministered corrupt and agreed that violations were endemic. 
“ I liked what he had to say,” Ringgold contin­ ued, adding, 
“ I ’ve calmed down and I un­ derstand the academy’s side a lot better now' and, frankly, I’m not so sure if 
I was in the same situa­ tion I wouldn’t have 

TIMOTHY RINGGOLD 
. . . back to academy 

 reacted the same way the academy did.” 

The most comfortable fasting spot ii}, the world cml, be yours for as little as $179. 

Now at Fishers you will save from 
$61. to $ I I I ... and enjoy the famous La-Z-Boy Reclina-Rocker of your choice. Any style you see here and many more. All in a brilliant range of colors. Only La-Z-Boy gives you this faultless combination of recline and rocking ease ... just lean back and enjoy the angle of your choice. Now is the time to enjoy this often imitated but never duplicated combination of luxurious comfort and carefree good looks. Quantities are limited, so shop today for best selection! 
L A -Z -B O Y 

R e c lin a -R o c lc e rs 

M an sized traditional rocker-recliner with button back. Upholstered in durable vinyl. <£ 
Reg. $29o. 
* 

Save $111 . . 179. 

EXACTLY AS 
ILLUSTRATED 

Open arm contemporary rocker-recliner upholstered in 
Herculon or combination of vinyl and Herculon. 
I t 
Reg. $29o. 
* 

Save $ 1 1 1 ..................................... 

K a 

' I 

L ad y’s reclina-rocker with rolled arm s. Upholstered in plush velvet. 

Reg. $34o. 
$ ' 
Save $81..... 259 

179. 

IM MEDIATE 
DELIVERY 
FROM STO CK 

Treasures of the Orient r 

Sensational “ objets d ’ a r t” from Singapore, personally selected by Herb & Lucille 
Fisher. 

A graduation gift of distinction and 

 elegance ... real orchids fresh from 

Singapore's renowned gardens 

 individually selected and preserved 

 for you in I 4 kt. gold. No two alike 

 and each one a marvelous natural 

 creation to enjoy foerver! 

Usual U.S. price...$ 9 9 .5 o 
Fisher’s direct 
$ 
^ im p o r t p r i c e .............. k 
4o 

Button-back traditional rocker-recliner upholstered in durable Herculon. 
$19 9 
Reg. $26o. 
Save $61 . 

USE OUR 
REVOLVING 
CHARGE 

 plus dtp 

Open Daily 1o-6 Thurs. 1o-9 
(Closed Sunday) 

145o N. E. Loop 41o 

'distinctive home furnishings' 

 o f san antonio 
Phone 824-o575 

Saturday Sizzlers 
While quantities last. 
23-Channel CB clearance sale. 

TO ENJOY WHAT YOU NEED NOW— FOR YOURSELF, YOUR HOME, YOUR CAR. COME APPLY FOR A WARDS CHARG-ALL ACCOUNT. 
Sensible prices? Sure thing! 

 v 
_________________________________________ 

WONDERLAND MALL 
MCCRELESS MALL 
WINDSOR PARK MALL 
LACKLAND PLAZA 
RANDOLPH PLAZA 

Fredericksburg Rd. at Loop 41o 
Open IO A.M. until 9 P.M. daily 
So. New Braunfels at Southerns* 
Open IO A.M. until 9 P.M. daily 
IH 35 North at WaJzem Road 
Open IO A.M. until 9 P.M. daily 
7569 Highway 9o West 
9oo Pat Booker Road 
Many items in this section available at Wards Neighborhood stores 

. 
Son Antonio EXPRESS-NEW S— Saturday M ay 14 1 9 7 7 

Cervantes fest like old Spain 

BEAUTY is a timeless thing. And what could be more beautiful than this sunny plaza in the old Mexican town of Tequisquiapan! The old church looks down on the flowers, the paving stones and the woman with her traditional broad-brimmed hat of shining white straw. El Patronato group visited Tequisquiapan. 

 off. 

An almost full moon was shining on the face of the old, old church of San 
Roque. 

The simple grandstand at the back of the plaza in front of the church was crowded. The crowd spilled over — several hundred were seated on the sidewalks and on the ancient paving stones in front of the grandstand. 
The boys had stopped spinning their tops. 
And even the dogs had ceased bark­ ing. A beautiful Dalmatian was al­ ready asleep — his head in the lap of the little boy whose dog he was. 
The two burros a grizzled old man had tied in the street alongside the church were nodding sleepily — heads almost down to the cobblestones. 
Mark of Spain 
The building that formed much of the left side of the plaza had the full m ark of Spain. Those unforgettable pots of red, red geraniums were on the shining white wall, on the little iron balconies and up the outer edge of the outside stairway. 

Then out from the church and from the streets on both sides cam e strolling men and women dressed as they would have been in just such a little plaza in 
Spain 4oo years ago. 
F or here in G u an aju ato , Mexico, p la y e rs from the 
U n iv ersity of 
Guanajuato were again honoring the m em o ry of C e rv a n te s, one of the world’s greatest writers. 
Soon the audience would laugh at and applaud three of the entremeses — the interludes — Cervantes wrote in 
1615. 
Who could ever forget Los Habla- dores (The Talkers)? This short farce on the unusual way a man tried to cure his talkative wife is as uproariouely funny as it was that long ago day when it was written. 
The donkey 

Or that donkey tied by the church? 
He played his role magnificently. His b ra y se v e r a l tim e s w as so loud it echoed off the high mountainside be­ hind the plaza. 
Or such little things a s the sparks flying from the horses’ hoofs as their riders hurried them ac ro ss the d ar­ kened plaza’s cobblestones? 
Bonnie and I were seated in that 

W etpend 
V isit 
Hr 
George I arm At*k 

 fey 
R onnie C arm ack 

 plaza on that memorable night. 
We were on a five-day trip to Mexico with 29 m em bers of El Patronato, a 
San Antonio group that h as long worked for Mexico-San Antonio cu l­ tural relations. Two of those days were spent in Guanajuato at the “ Festival 
Internacional C erv a n tic.” 
The festival lasts through Sunday. It includes plays, ballet, opera, music, art exhibits, folklore concerts, motion pictures and other events. All center around Cervantes or his time. 
M ore than 2o co u n tries, ran g in g from Australia to Sweden and includ­ 

 ing the U.S., are taking part. 
Cervantes’ genius bands the world. 
On the program is the Russian film version of Don Quixote. 
Sra. Lopez Portillo, Mexico’s first lady was in Guanajuato for the festival while we were there. 
T h is sto ry is a look at M exico through rose-colored glasses. I f s time someone did that. 
It would be foolish to deny there is poverty — g rin d in g poverty — in 
M exico. B u t se e in g only M e xico ’s problems is not a complete picture. 
Romance 
Mexico is still a land of romance — a memory-making land. 
Our group flew to Mexico City. Then a chartered bus took us to Queretaro, 
San Miguel Allende, Guanajuato and towns in between. 
San Miguel Allende is a story-book town — great churches, old mansions and streets so narrow that often big mirrors are put on buildings at inter­ sections so driv ers can see what is coming down a cross street. 
Mr. and Mrs. Don Hendrie, whose daughter has married and lives in San 
Miguel, arranged a fine program there for El Patronato group. 
There could not have been a more rom an tic se ttin g — nor a m ore memorable night — than one in San 
Miguel Allende. 
We were guests at the home of Sra. 

See MUSIC, Page SB 

KI Patronal#* m oots ti* ic nils iii M oxioo 

A reception honoring El Patronato group in Mexico City was a reunion. 

The San Antonians were guests of the Institute Mexieano Norteamericano de 

Relaciones C u ltu ra l. Director of the institute is Dr. Felipe Garcia Beraza. 

El Patronato was formed a number of years ago when the National 

University of Mexico started courses in San Antonio. It was organized by San 
Antonians who wanted to help publicize the Mexican project. 

Dr. Garcia Beraza came to San Antonio for several years to teach. Some of 

 the early members of El Patronato were on the tour and Dr. Garcia Beraza gathered Mexico City people who had taught San Antonio courses. 

Recognized at the reception were former El Patronato presidents on the tour 

— Mrs. John Drysdale, Col. A. A. Greene, Mrs. George A. Olson, Mrs. George 

V 

B. fox and (.en Dorr K Newton Jr. 

9o 
Royce 23-channel mobile CB 

2-way mobile unit lets you find out what traffic conditions are up ahead. Automatic noise limiter and squelch control assure clear reception. Plug-in microphone. 
EXPERT INSTALLATION AVAILABLE 

WAS 
149.95 

Special buy. 

SHARP 23-CHANNEL MOBILE CB 

Compact model features 
3-position delta fine 
C J tuning, variable squelch control, plug-in mike. 

2-way communication on the go. Large S-RF meter, 
ANL, RF gain and PA switch. 
WAS 169.95 

LED channel readout, remote volume control on mike. Fine tuning control, variable R F gain. 
8988 
WAS 219.95 

Includes mounting hardware. 

SAVE $1oo 
23-CHANNEL MOBILE CB RADIO 
SAVE $13o 
ROYCEs MODEL 662 23-CHANNEL CB 

 fertflome 

 fertilome 

YOUR 
HOME 

3o 

G U AR A N TE ED 
YEARS 

CALL 653-36o9 
■ O 
ANYTIME DAY OR NIGHT 
• O 
' O 
O 
U 
T 
AND WEEKENDS 
G U A R D I A N H O M E SERVICES 

VISIT OUR GREENHOUSE at 922 W. HILDEBRAND. 
PURPLE V IO LE T S] 
(OUTDOORS) 
39* ea. $4 ” doz.I 

PHoTINA (RED TOP) 

I GAL. 
* I .8 9 

B O X W O O D 
(FOR H EDGE O R BO R D ER ) 
*1.89 EA 

HIBISCUS 
N e w Shipm ent 

..... 
:3.? j 

EPISC IA S 
(F L A M E VIO LETS) 
*1.5© EA 

HONEYSUCKLE VINE 
I GAL 
*1»* 

M O NKEY GRASS 
(LILY TURF) 
BORDER or GRO UN D COVER 
49' eo. 
5.39 doz. 

COPPER PLANTS 
(Acalypha) 
79V 

$ 8 . 6 9 D O Z . 

YARD GERANIUM 
PLANTS 
• Rod a O ran ge 
• White 
• Salmon 
• Pink o Violet 
4 -IN . POT 
$ 1 2 9 
14.oo D O Z. 
9 EA. 

HANGING BASKETS 
ALREADY PUNTED 
• FEHN 
• BEGONIA 
• SEDUM • UNT ANA 

F R O M $5 

PLANT THAT 
GARDEN NOW! 
• ARTICHOKES 
$ 1 5o 
1-Gallon............. 
I 
EA. 
• VEGETABLE PLANTS 
Tray of S i*.................... B B 
• GRAPE VINES 
Thomson seedless, Fredonia $ I 5 o 
Reg. 1.98............. . SALE I 
• GRAPE VINES 
$ o 5 o 
Red Ruby............. .... L 
• SQUASH 
Tray of 6 .............. r n 

PLANTING MATERIALS 
4o lb. Top Soil c an 
4o lb. Cow Manure 
J • J F $ 5 
4o lb. Sheep M anure per beg 

UMBRELLA GRASS 
Grows In water 

*1.95 

BIDDING PLANTS for Spring Flowers 
6— Plants Per Troy 

T RA Y 

LAVENDER LANTANA 
I GAL 
REG. $2.95 
SALE 

1.95 

FIG IVY 
W all Covering 
Reg. 1.98 

Sale 
* 1 5’ 

CALADIUM 
PLANTS 

79V $8 

S Q .9 

DOZ. 

WITH YOUR PURCHASE OF BEAUTIFUL 
FIESTA STONE 

MIN. JOB 
INSTALLED 

Safety patrols 

 to rally 

 will be honored 

BOSE FOOD 
CONTAINING SYSTEMIC INSECTICIDE 

The 37th Annual School 
Safety Patrol Rally will be held Saturday iii 
Municipal Auditorium. ' 

State Rep. Lou Nelle 
Sutton will be one of IO 
Democratic state legisla­ tors honored by the Tex­ as Democratic Party at 
7:3o a.m. Thursday. 
The breakfast honoring the IO w ill be in the 
Crystal Ballroom of the 
Driskill Hotel in Austin. 
State 
Democratic 
Chairman Calvin Guest lauded Mrs. Sutton, the first black woman to serve from Bexar County in the Texas legislature, for her legislative ser­ vice. 

Mrs. Sutton, the widow of the late State Rep. G. 
J. Sutton, is the only wo­ man serving on the 
House Appropriations 
Committee, one of the most powerful com­ mittees in the House. 
Tickets for the break­ fast are $5 and can be purchased through the state party office, 23o 
Stokes Building, Austin. 

PAUL’S GREEN THUMB 

SALE GOOD FIVE DAYS 
MAY 12, 13, 14, TS, 16 

MINIATURE 
ROSES 
New Shipment 
15*2o Varieties 
$2 95- $3 5o 

IMPATIENS (Sultana) 

Assorted Colors 
49*EA. IO for $4So 

PAUL’S PREMIUM ROSES 
Over 2oo Most Popular Varieties 
O U T S T A N D IN G R O SE S FOR 
P ER F O R M A N C E F R A G R A N C E 
A N D C O L O R 
• TREE R O S E S * TREE P A T IO 
• C U M B E R S 
F R O M THE BEST G R O W E R S 

* C alifornia e Jackson 
• A n d Perkins 
F R O M 

 a i v H i w n 
*3 
A N D 
UP 

HERBS 
(N e w Sh ipm ent) 
2 5 -3 o V a rie tie s 
$ ] 2 5 

CO NCRETE A N D 
C LA Y PR O D U CTS 
Squares, rounds, curbing 
Circles, 
Pots, 
Saucers, bird baths. 

1 o % 
DISCOUNT 

ACCESSORIES 
WATER HOSES, RAKES, HOES, SHOVELS, HAND TOOLS, NOZZLES. 

NO DELIVERY ON SALE ITEMS 
DORING WEEK LONG SALE 
INQUIRE ABOUT OUR PLANTING 
SERVICE - GUARANTEED WORK 

N U R SER Y & L A N D SC A P IN G 

San Antonio E X P R E SS-N EW S— S aturday M a y 14 1977 

 by an English king the program listed as Enrique VHI. 
There were five musicians and a man with an unforgettable voice who both played and sang. Then there were two women singers and a priest with a fine full voice that seemed just right for these ancient songs. The leader also sang and played instruments. 
The instruments also were from the days of 4oo years ago or earlier. There were such instruments as the laud, the vihuela, the eromorno, rehab and si­ tar. 
Of course I could not identify most of them. One was a long wooden tube curved on the lower end like an exag­ gerated shepherd’s crook — another of light wood was shaped like a baseball bat and played like a flute with the 

THIS is the plaza in front of the historic Church of San Roque in 
Guanajuato. But it could well be the scene in front of an even more ancient church in a little town in Spain 4oo years ago. The play — 
Retablo de las Maravillas — was written by Cervantes in 1615. 

 moved by what they heard as we were moved? 
But there was other memorable mu­ sic of another beat. 
During the luncheon given by the governor of Queretaro for El Patronato delegation, the estudiantino group from the University of Queretaro played and sang. All ll of them had unbounded enthusiasm. 

It was happy, rollicking music — rhythmic beyond belief. You’ve never heard “ Guadalajara” played until 

Who could sit here looking up at the high arches and domes o f this fin e old church 
— and hear this music 
— and not dream o f the days o f Cervantes? 

 mouthpiece at the big end — another resembled a ceramic steer horn. 
The musicians were superb — and the music from the instruments of long ago was haunting. A woman playing a 
1o-string guitar was outstanding. But it was the voices of the singers that were matchless. 
Who could sit here looking up at the high arches and domes of this fine old church — and hear this music — and not dream of the days of Cervantes? 
And think of the people who sat in 
Spanish churches then and were 

 you’ve heard their take-off on it. 
The leader — who played the accor­ dion and sang and pantomimed to match Cantinflas — is simply undu­ plicated. 
Flowers 
Mexico is the land of the jacaranda and bougainvillea — and flowers great and small. 
• On a shining bright Sunday morning we went to the Hacienda San Gabriel de Barrera in a high, mountain canyon on the outskirts of Guanajuato. 
The hacienda has 18 large gardens. 
As we entered our first, straight in front of us a high, hillside wall was a great tumbled curtain of the light purple of the jacaranda, the red and pink of the bougainvillea, the blue of the plumbago, a splash of yellow and other flowers we could not identify. 
Our guide told us Queen Elizabeth of 
England and Jackie Kennedy had been among the garden visitors. Small signs mark the route Queen Elizabeth took through the gardens. 
Hacienda San Gabriel de Barrera was built by the wealthiest of the 
Spanish noblemen who lived in Guan­ ajuato after silver was found in its mountains in 1554. 
Richest mine 
The builder was the Conde de Va- lenciana. His gold and silver mine — the Valenciana —- once was credited with being the world’s richest mine. 
The Conde de Valenciana also built one of Mexico’s finest churches near the mouth of the mine. 
In the early 18oos, the Conde de Va­ lenciana sold the hacienda to Don Ga­ briel de Barrera, whose name it bears. 
It is now owned by the state of Guana­ juato. 
We spent an hour or more walking 

 from one breath-taking garden to an­ other — English, French, Japanese, 
Arabic, a Mexican desert garden, a superb rose garden. . . 
Then we went to the private chapel, with its elaborate altar, and caught a glimpse of the hacienda’s rooms now being readied for public viewing. 
But it is not necessary to go to formal gardens to see the beauty of Mexico’s flowers. 
Luncheon 
The luncheon given by the governor was at La Mansion Hotel, a few miles outside Queretaro. In its patio, red bougainvillea climbed to the top of a wall 3o feet high and a purple jacar­ anda tree beside it rose even higher. 

But are the flowers any more beau­ tiful than the sight of the mile after mile of stone fences — often a straight line right up a dry, rocky slope to a mountain’s peak? 

Then somewhere at the foot of every lonely mountain ridge there stands an old, old church. But is a distant glimpse of its dome as appealing as a little chapel or just a simple cross at the point of a rocky ridge? 

But that day we left Guanajuato — just the soft gray light of the early morning may have been the most marvelous of all. 
S.A. bands participate in festival 

SPEC IAI TO THE EXPRESS-NEWS 
ARLINGTON — Bands from Lee and 
Roosevelt high schools of San Antonio are participating in the 14th Annual 
Six Flags Over Texas Band Festival continuing through Saturday. 
Bands qualified for the festival by winning a first division rating in either the state concert contest or at the Six 
Flags Over Texas Band Festival in 
1975 or 1976. 

A total of 58 bands from Texas, 
Oklahoma, Colorado, New Mexico, 
Arkansas and Louisiana will compete in the Invitational Festival. 
Trophies will be awarded to the top group in five categories. 
After the contest in the University of 
Texas at Arlington’s Texas Hall, band members will be guests at Six Flags. 

THIS statue of St. Francis of Assisi is in a quiet corner of one of the most magnificent gardens in the Americas. There are I 8 major form al gard ens in the H acienda Sa n G abriel de Barrera in 
Guanajuato. The hacienda was founded by the owner of what in 
Spanish colonial days was the world s richest mine — El Valen­ ciana in Guanajuato. 
Sutton 

Approximately 4,ooo safety patrol students will see a film beginning at 8:3o a.m. The program honoring the patrols will begin at 1o:3o a.m. 

U.S. Marines will serve as color guard and the 
5th U.S. Army Band will provide the music. 

85 HABY DR. 
NURSERY 
3 4 2 -4 8 8 7 

NEW STORE HOURS: 

8:3o to 6 PM. DAUT 
SUNDAY IO AM. to 6 PM. 
LANDSCAPE PH. 734-6461 

51 o3 BLANCO RD. 
NURSERY 
342-4888 

BLANCO RO 45oo BLK 
[ n u r s ] 

S 51o3 (Monee Rd. 
BEACON 
< 

BASSI 

NURsJ 

SAN PEDRO AVE 

MUSIC AND 
FLOWERS 

Systemic Action - goes directly into root system and goes through entire plant. It works. 
* 2 .9 8 
5 th. 

For a greener lawn, trust your lawn to ferti-lome. 
It works. 
* 1 1 . 4 5 7 o lb. 

PECAN TREES: 
. 

>• STUART „ 2 TOR I SALE w. Schley BuL°r„dr'i:'.° rFrp: r ' 

• W IC H IT A t1^ ® * ® 3 V a r ie t ie s O n ly ) 

REDWOOD BARK 
Jumbo— Medium — Sm all 
For d e corative use or m u lch in g 

3-£U. IT. BAG 
$ / 1 4 9 
RIG.‘5.25 
SALE 

 the house — terrace after terrace. A line of lighted candles marked the border of each terrace that night — part way up the steep slope. 
Beyond the twinkling candles, the soft light of a Mexican moon silvered the higher terraces —- until the top­ most vanished in the darkness. 
But not the gardens but the music made the night. 
Sra. Fernandez had guests from the area to meet the San Antonians Soon there was singing. A lawyer from Ce- laya sang well. But a man and woman from Villagran touched all hearts. 
She sang with a voice in which strength and depth were matched with softness. His voice was the undertone that made her songs so moving. And few play the guitar better than he. 
The songs — at least to me — were not the traditional ones. But they had 

 the soul of Mexico — and Spain — in them. 
“ Nocturnal” first made us realize we were hearing something apart. It was composed by a San Miguel Allende priest. 
Soon the man and woman sang one they had composed — “ Volveras por 
Mi.” 
And on they went while all of us stood in touched silence — “ Serenata 
Tropical” — “ Consentida” — “ Cuando ya no me quieras” . . . 
How wonderful to be at this place — at this moment! 
Unusual m usic 
Our most unusual music came on our final night in Guanajuato. The 
University of Guanajuato has a musi­ cal group — Los Tiempos Pasados — that plays music from the Middle 
Ages. They played at the White House when President Lopez Portillo was a guest of President Carter and then at the Mexican president’s dinner for the 
U.S. President at the Mexican em­ bassy. 
We heard them in the Templo de la 
Compania, one of Guanajuato’s finest old churches. The long, narrow high- domed church — with its elaborate altar as a backdrop — could not have been a more appropriate setting for this music from Cervantes’ day or earlier. 
The earliest piece they played was composed in France in 117o. The most modern composition was written in 
16oo. 
One piece — “ Pass Time with Good 
Company” — may have been written 

Continued from Page IB 

Nell Fernandez. Nell Harris came with her father to Mexico in the late 193os as a beautiful, little 18-year-old girl from 
Camden, Ark. 
She loved the country and stayed. 
And in time she wed Enrique Fernan­ dez Martinez, governor of the state of 
Guanajuato. 
Fernandez Martinez tired of politics and founded the Institute Allende, long one of Mexico’s best known art, crafts and Spanish schools. Sra. Fernandez had a major hand in the school’s de­ velopment, working closely with her husband until his death. 
Sra. Fernandez’ home was built about 4o years ago by Pepe Ortiz, one of Mexico’s top bullfighters. 
Wonderful as is the home, the gar­ dens are even more memorable. They rise up the steep mountainside behind 

Insecticide enters root system of plant and travels through stem and leaves to protect plant from insects. 
W on’t wash off. 

A - 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEW S— Saturday M ay I 4 I 977 H 

Aid to volunteers okayed 

By DAVID MCLEMORE 
A bill passed and sent to the governor Friday will give finan­ cial assistance to elderly Texans doing volunteer work, State 
Rep. Matt Garcia said. 

G a rc ia announced p assag e of the 
Retired Senior Volunteer State Assis­ tance bill during a recognition cere­ mony for participants in the Retired 
Senior Volunteer P rogram at Villita 
Assembly Hall. 

 out-of-pocket expenses for those senior citizens involved in volunteer work,” 
Garcia said. 

Commitment 

“ It’s a firm commitment by the state in recognizing senior citizen s have skills and expertise and can still be useful workers in the com m unity.” 

Garcia said the bill was passed early 
F rid ay and was not signed by Gov. 
Dolph Briscoe prior to B risc o e’s de­ parture to Washington, D.C. 

“ T h e bill g ives fin an cial aid for 
“ But the governor’s office called me 

 and said if I flew to Lubbock tonight where the governor is speaking, he would sign it before he left the state 
“ I can assure you, ITI be in Lubbock tonight." 
The bill provides $3oo,ooo annually in sta te fu n d s to offset in c id e n ta l ex ­ penses of elderly Texans in volunteer programs. 
Reimbursement 

“ This bill is for reim bursem ent of such costs as fuel, m eals and other expenses incurred while doing volun­ teer W ork,” Garcia .said. 
“ It is not intended as pay for their work; it’s incentive to keep them at 

 their volunteer efforts. Since most of the senior citizens are on limited in­ com es, it wouldn’t be fair to expect them to pay for doing the work they do for free." 
Matching 
G arcia said state funds for the bill would be a d m in iste re d through the 
Governor’s Commission on Aging and would be used as matching funds for federal money for senior citizen pro­ gram s. 
Lee S anders, d irec to r of the local 
RSVP p ro g ram , said th e re a re c u r ­ rently 9oo senior citizens in San An tonic involved in volunteer work and about IO,(KXI statewide. 

John Frostrom, 3o, of Omaha, Neb., sits in front of overturned semi-trailer in which he was riding, to calmly eat a deluxe ham­ burger near Bloomington, III., on an Interstate 55 ramp. Frostrom and the driver escaped injury when the cargo of beef they were carrying shifted, causing the truck to overturn. — AP Wirephoto 
Officers’ trucks still impounded 

Three San Antonio police officers — trying to regain possession of their seized personal trucks — Friday still didn’t have the vehicles back. 
Testimony in their suit to regain the vehicles will continue Tuesday at 9 a.m . in 57th D istrict Court, Judge 
Franklin Spears ruled after hearing testimony on vehicle identity details all day. 
The case was filed last month by Sgt. 
Robert Rudewick, Dot. Daniel Ruem- pel Jr. and Officer Ronald Ullevig. 
All three own trucks seized by De­ partm ent of Public Safety and SADD investigators probing an alleged auto theft ring in this area. Also in the investigation, testimony to date has indicated, are FBI agents. 
The ring, according to DPS probers’ testimony, steals vehicles, alters their appearance and vehicle identification n u m b ers and then resells them to unsuspecting customers. 
Evidence offered by DPS investiga­ tor Claude Hart and others Friday was in ten d ed to show th e th re e tru c k s owned by the SAHD officers were, in 
2 election bills sent to governor 

EXPRESS CAPITOL BUREAU 

AUSTIN — Election days would be made a little easier for voters under a bill which the Senate passed Thursday and sent to the governor. 
HB1788 by Rep. Ron Bird of San 
Antonio won unanimous approval on the Senate’s local and uncontested calendar. 
If signed into law by Gov. Dolph 
Briscoe, the m easure would allow the secretary of state to prom ulgate a sim pler form for voters to fill out with required voter information. 
Currently, voters are required to sign several election forms at the polls. 
B ird’s bill would perm it a single form to be used on a local option basis. 
Another bill affecting election regu­ lations by Rep. Don Rains of San 
Marcos was passed by the Senate on fhe sam e local calendar. 
HBI743 would reduce the length of tim e from 6o to 4o days in which a candidate can remove his name from the ballot. 
Another change proposed in Rains’ bill would allow the secretary of state’s . office 35 days instead of 3o days before an election to prescribe election forms. 

 fact, altered veh icles'a n d m ight be stolen. 
Two of the three, according to Hart, have been identified as stolen — one from a Houston resident and the other from an Austin resident. 
D u rin g e a rly a r g u m e n t F rid a y , 
J u d g e S p ears d ec id e d to w ithhold ruling on two key issues raised. The questions that should be dealt with when testimony resum es relate to his ju rs id ic tio n in th is c a s e and the class-action nature of the law suit. 
County office 

Although filed against San Antonio, the suit is being handled for the city and the state by the Bexar County dis­ trict attornev’s office. 

Asst. Dist. Atty. John Quinlan, chief of the special crim es section, is argu­ ing to retain possession of the vehicles. 
The officers are represented by at­ torney S. Benton Davies. Their claim is the law allowing seizure of altered vehicles — or those believed to be al­ tered — has been m isapplied in this case. The result, the petition insists, is an unconstitutional seizure of private property. 

Two other ow ners have been p e r­ m itted to intervene in the case also. 
They are not police officers but their vehicles were seized in the auto theft ring investigation effort. 

B e x a r g e ts b ilin g u a l aiel 

San Antonio School District has re­ ceived a $43o,672 grant for bilingual education under the Em ergency School 
Aid Act Program. 
The announcement cam e from U.S. 
Rep. Bob Krueger’s office Friday. 
The grant for the period of July I, 
1977, through June 3o, 1978, is from the 
Department of Health, Education and 
Welfare. 

Group protects 
Gaona’s term 

The Committee of Citi­ zens for E qual J u s tic e 
F riday was seeking cle­ m e n cy for 
Dr. 
Raul 
Gaona. 

Gaona, a San Antonio physician, was convicted of m aking a false claim for a Medicare payment. 

He pleaded no contest and was sentenced to the m ax im u m five years in prison and fined $1o,ooo. 

The Committee of Citi­ zens for Equal Ju stice, w hich sa y s it has a m e m b e r s h ip of 1,ooo, said the sentence was excessive and in e q u ita­ ble. 

T h e g ro u p , w hich is sp o n so rin g a 6:3o p.m . m a ss S a tu rd a y at San 
F e r n a n d o 
C a th e d ra l celebrated by Bishop P a­ tric k F lo re s , c o n tra s ts 
G a o n a ’s s e n te n c e with that of Patricia Hearst. 

Miss Hearst received a five-year p ro b ated se n ­ tence, the group noted, on a no contest plea to a c h a r g e of a g g ra v a te d arm ed robbery. 

The com m ittee is ask­ ing s u p p o r te r s of Dr. 
G ao n a to c o n ta c t the com m ission in W ashing­ ton headed by Sen. Ted 
K en n e d y ch a rg e d with establishinga system of u n ifo rm se n te n c in g by judges. 

In the Hearst case, the c o m m itte e a s s e rts , the court took into consider­ ation Miss Hearst was no lo n g e r a th r e a t to the community. 

B ut, the c o m m itte e claims, in the Gaona case the court fails to recog­ nize the benefits of the d o c t o r ’s co n tin u in g to practice in the com m un­ ity. 

C o m m itte e m e m b e rs whom supporters of the doctor are urged to con­ ta c t if they w an t to further his cause are Liz 
Skipper, Lupe Cardenas, 
Trieia Moss, Tom Mack- en and Donald Lazzari. 

GLOBE 

 iii(MILITARY OR 
434JW COMMERCE 
4flO.'T Rf DtRlGKiiBUHli HO 

 a**)* BROADWAY r n ?; , AN PE ORO 
J I i SAR TA ROSA 

V V ' l / T / y Y 
T y ' V 
" ' } 

Clip and Save 
On These One-Day Values! 

 f f c - B I Q t s 

 c o c t , i i * 

 tm 
» i 

 j ^ with coupon ref. I.ti 
Mennen 

Speed Stick 

Meg /herhakhrne 2 5 oz 

C oupon goo d May 14. i9 /7 o n iy 

I 
$ ] oorM„ 
«! ti 
' coupon 

 reg. 187 
I jjgL 
Gillette Dry Look I 
I f f 

 non-aerosol wu [ 

Reg Winn h o ld /e. im Hold 
* 

 in 8 cir bice 

 oupon good May 14 WTT only 

 toothpaste 
4 6 ot lube Ijnnt 2. 

C oupon goo d May 14, 1977 only. 

! E J - * * 
GLOBE 
! UM\ 

 with coupon 

 reg 1.77 
Earth Born 

 shampoo 

A vocado/green app un apncot/stfdwbeny Moi 

C oupon good May 14 19/7 only 

GLOBE ivntia I 

 w ith 
7 
Q k coupon 

 rn m g 
1 .2 b 

White Rain hair spray 

 le n io n /u n se o n tijd n e flu l* n ««lioitold H o i 
Limit I 

Coupon flood M a, 14 Iflr/only 

 rn * 
<>«« IHI 

I 
Sh , 1 
'll!I I 
<><« I 
9: I 
• B'vife'TOaraifrei: 
<*sBoZRr*:*»*'Q • 

Read W ashington 

W atchdog 

Jack Anderson 

 in the San Antonio Express 

We’ve cut your cost to cut your lawn 

Quality Lawnmowers 

Cog Drive Seif- 

• 3.5 HP Briggs & Stratton 

• Exclusive Flexor Blade 
Reg. $235.75 

Model 1244 

In-Shop 

ENGINE TUNEUP SPECIAL 

$895 

 i iIII"i i i i i 

 w e Know small engines.' 
. . . 
- 

(LAWNMOWER 
OR CHAIN SAW, 
ANY MAKE OR 
MODEL) 
“ W e know small e ngines!" 

 plus parts 

W e also stock riding mowers, tillers & garden tractors. ffpfiyngft 

Lawn & Garden Equipment 

3339 S.W. Military (Just W. of Somerset Rd.) 

OPEN SAT. 9 TO 5 924-8336 

The POWER of FAITH 

By W OO D! ISHMAEL 

THEBIBLE 

No. 291. The Coming of the Messiah 

Of all of Zechariah’s visions, certainly the most stirring and endur­ ing one is his beautiful vision of the M essiah’s triumphant entry into a Jerusalem finally freed from all war-like associations. It is this vision which is quoted in Matthew and echoed in Mark and Luke. 
“ Rejoice greatly, O daughter of Zion, shout, O daughter of Jeru­ salem; behold, thy King cometh unto thee; he is just, and having sal­ vation; lowly, and riding upon an ass, and upon a colt the foal of an ass. And I will cut off the chariot from Ephraim, and the horse from 
Jerusalem, and the battle bow shall be cut off; and he shall speak peace unto the heathen; and his dominion shall be from sea even to sea and from the river even to the ends of the earth." (Zachariah 9:9-1o) 
"And the Lord their God shall save them in that day as the flock of his people: for they shall be as the stones of a crown, lifted up as an ensign upon his land. For how great is his goodness, and how great is his beauty!..." (Zechariah 9:16-17) 

A P N t t w s f e a t u r t i 

A Special 
Invitation 
To A ttend 
Church From 

Aggregate Plant 
Products Co. 

Loon 13- I m ile 
North of Highway 93£ 
Ed3 n i l 

Sears, Roebuck and Co. 

Garza 
Finance Co. 
1o3 S Flores St 
CA6-248I 
Bexar County 
National Bank 
Mem ber F.D I C. 

Jell-Craft 
Punch Bases 
M anufactured bv Blue Bonnet 
Potato Chic Company 

Assembly 

CHURCH OF 
CA STLE H IL L S 

214 Roleto 
( I Vi Miles West of Central Park 
M all on Loop 41o) 
342-4279 
Pastor John Hogec 
Sunday School 
• 
9 3o A M 
Morning Worship 
IO JO A M 
Evening Worship 
6 OO P M 
Wednesday 
City Wide B ide Study & 
Youth Service 
/ M P V 
Nursery provided Of oil serv ices 
The Church You ve Been 
Looking For 

G OSPEL 
A S S E M B LY 
Pastor m . w Moreno 
417 Catalina 
Just off Hildebrand & IH lo 
W orship ond B ible F e llo w ship 
1o:oo A M. 
Worship Sunaav Eve I OO p rn 
Wednesday Bible Study 7 3o o rn 
The Church With Truth For It s 
Heart. 

Assembly of 

FIRST 
A S SE M B LY 
OF GOD 
83o S E M ilita ry Dr 
(Between Roosevelt and Flores) 
Rev. Dov Robison, Pastor ' 
Phone 922-754)—924-1587 
SUNDAY 
SERVICE 
Sunda. 
School — V 45 a in 
Worshio - 
IO 45 a.rn 
Junior Church Sery ices in A uxiliary Auditorium for 
Children of ail oges — IO J5 a.rn 
Youth 
Meetings 
— 
6 OO a m 
Evangelistic 
Services 
— 
7oo o.m 
WEDNESDAY 
Deeper 
Life 
Bible Services — 7 3o p m 
Ai tended 
Nurseries operate ail services 

OAK M E A D O W 
A S S E M B LY OF 
GOD 
2714 Hunters Green 
(M W. S A.) 
Phone 492-2311 
Rev. Jock Robertson. Pastor 
Sunday Services 
Sunday School—9:45 a rn. 
Morning W orship—IO: 45 a rn. 
Praise R ally—/ OO p.m. 
Wed. Fam ily night 7 3o p.m. 
NURSERY 
PROVIDED f o r 
ALL SERVICES 
“ Come and Find Love” 
G LAD TID IN G 
AS S E M B LY 
OF GOD 
2143 So W.W. White Rd r.o c p 13) 
James H. Brothers, Pastor 
Wayne Volt Assistant Pastor 
Sunday 
Services: Sunday School 9 45 
O m. to 12:oo noon New Concept 
•in Christian Education. Morning 
Worship 1o 5o o.m. Youth Serv ice 6 oo p m. Evangelistic Serv­ ice 7:oo p.m. Wednesday Serv- ice. Bible Study, 7:3o p.m Royal 
Rangers and 
Missionetts 
7:3o p.m. Nursery attendant on duty at each service. 
Day Core ond Kindergarten 
A fast growing spiritual churct 
.with a vision. 
Primitive .Baptist 
Churches »’ 

Special Meeting at Eastside Church 
Saturday, M ay 28 — 1o:3o o.m.,- 
2:3o p.m. V isiting M inister Elder 
Dick Matbgewachs, Santa Rosa, 
EASTSIDE 
12o4 W. Hem Rd. 
Phone: 455-2927 or J33-243o 
Pastor: E ider (D r.) J. P. Dale Jr. 
Services 
2ND 
SATURDAY 
NIGHT 
7:3o 
P.M. 
2ND Sunday IO: JO A M. 
4TH Sunaav 1o:3o A.M. 

SAN AN TO NIO 
4o5 Walton Ave. 
Meets 1st, 2nd and 4th Sundays at 
IO 3o A M. 
For information call 661-7o58 otter 
6 oo P M. 

NORTHSI DE 

18o1 West Thorotn 
(One blk E. of West Ave. at Northwest Expressway) 
Church 734 2197 home 342 58o9 
Pastor Elder 
Sammy Box 
Morning Worshio IO: 3o 
Evening Worship 6 3o 
Wed. 
Night Prover Mpehna 7:3o 

S 
B 
CASTLE H ILLS 
FIRST BAPTIST 
CHURCH 
222o N.W. M ilita ry Hwy 
Blanco exit off Loop 41o 
•'Proclaim ing the Abundant 
Lite in Christ” 
Dr George H. H arris, Pastor 
James H. Ennis, 
Associate Pastor 
Malcolm A Grainger, 
M inister of Music 
Ed R. Human, 
Field E vangelisf 
Irvin g Cook 
Education D irector 
Helen Cade 
Church Visitor 
Sunday Schools (9: JO-ll :oo a rn.) 
Morning Worshio Services (9 3o 
& 11 'OO a rn. 
Evening Worshio Service (7 OO p rn.) 
Christian Training Hour (6 OO 

o r n . ) 
Wednesday P lover Service (7 15 o.m ) 
Nursery open tor all services 

CR ES TVIEW 
BAPTIST 
CHURCH 

WaUem at E a g e re s t—655-7451 
(I Mile East of 
Roosevelt High School) 
L arry J. Jones. Pastor 
Sam Moore, Music D irector 

9 45 a rn Bible Study for all ages l l OO a m Worship Service 
6:oo o rn. Sunday night Place 
7 OO p m Evening Worship Serv ice 
7 oo p m 
Wednesday 
Prover 
Service Nursery ooen tor all services. 
The C restview B a p tist C hurch 
School ages 3 thru Kmdergarden 

Visitors welcome 
“ Come Grow With Us" 

E IS E N H A U E R 
ROAD BAPTIST 
395o Eisenhauer Road 
Phil Jewett, M inister of Music and Youth 
Sunday School — 9. 3o o.m. Morn mg Worship—IO 45 o rn.; Church 
Training — 6:oo P. m. ; Evening 
Worship — 7:oo p.m ; Mission 
Organizations — 6 3o p m Wed nesdav; Mid Week Prover Serv ice — 7:15 o.m.; Graded Choirs, 
Kindergarten; 
Bus 
M inistry, 
Nursery provided 

L A C K L A N D 
BAPTIST 
CHURCH 
2718 Frontier Dr. 
674-27o2 
James O. Todd, Pastor 
Stephen Heather 
M inister of Education 
Jim m y M urdock, 
Music & Youth Director 
Sunday Services: 
8 3o a.m. First Worship Service 
9 3o a m. Sunday School 
H OO a.rn Second Worship Serv ice 
4.oo P.m. Youth Choir 
5:45 a rn Church Training 
7.oo o.m 
Evening 
Worship 
Service 
Wednesday Services: 
6:3o p m Teachers' & Officers 
Meeting Acleens. G irls in Action 
R A s & Pre-School, Choir. 
7 JO p.m. 
Mid Week 
Prover 
Service. 

(NURSERY OPEN FOR A LL 
SERVICES) 
GRAOED CHOIRS 
(September througn A pril) 
Tuesday 
— 
3:oo-4 oo p m ., 
(Grades 1-6) 
Wednesday 
— 
3 oo 3:45 p m. 
(Grebes 1-2) 

FIRST BAPTIST 
CHURCH 
SIS McCullough 
"Only Minutes Away by Expressway'' 
Or. Jim m y R. Allen, Pastor 
Sunday Services: 
9 3o a rn Sunday School 
11: OO o.m. Morning Worshio 
6:oo p.m. Church Training 
7:o5 o .rn. Evening Worship 
7 15 pm . Wednesday m idw eek service (Broadcast over k k y x 
Radio and KSAT (Channel 12, 
11 oo a m Sunday). 

MANOR 
BAPTIST 
CHURCH 
Manor D r. ai Meredith 
(2 blocks west of 
Jefferson High School) 
Dr. Nathan L. Stone, 
Pastor 
Dr. Prentess Ferrell 
Associate Pastor/ 
Christian Education 
M r. Lee Moresn, 
M inister of Music 
Miss Diane Hart, 
M inister of Youth A Recreation 
9:3o a m. Sunday School 
1o:5o a.m. Morning worship. 
Sermon bv P astor N athan L 
Stone. "Forgiveness." 
6:oo p.m. Prover Meeting. 

7 o.m. Wednesday Service. 
Supervised nursery to all services. 

N O R T H R ID G E 
PARK BAPTIST 
CHURCH 
C hew Chose & Eisenhauer Rd. 
TA4-o539 
James M. Reid, Pastor 
9 3o o.m. Sunday School for all coes 
IO: 55 a,rn. 
M orning 
Worship 
Service 
6:oo o.m. Church in training, 7 
D m. Evening Worship Service 
/: 3o o.m. 
Wednesday, 
Prover 
Service 
Nursery open tor all services. 
Visitors welcome 

PAR KH I LLS 
BAPTIST 
14o15 San Pedro Ave. 
Dr. John Barbee, Pastor 
Sid w. Millegan, Education 
Lloyd Garcia, Choir Master 
Sam Sowder, M inister of Youth 
Karisha Leeper, Music A Youth 
9:3o A M SUNDAY SCHOOL 
IO:3o A M WORSHIP SERVICE 
5:45 P M . CHRISTIAN TR A IN ­ 
ING 
6 45 P M EVENING SERVICE 
7:3o P M. WEDNESDAY PRAY- 
ER SERVICE 
Supervised nursery at all serv­ ices 

SH E A R E R H ILLS 
BAPTIST 
CHURCH 
8o2 OBLATE 
Dr. Charles J. 
Wisdom 
Pastor 
P hillip Sitton 
M inister of Music and Adm inistration 
John M. (M a rty) 
I 
Brown 
Rev* Dan Kibbe, 
Minister of Education 
6:oo p.m.—Meal and P rayer 
Time 
6:45 — Bible Study, O rganiza­ tional meetings, 
Mission 
Auxiliaries 
7 3o p.m.—Choir 
Rehearsal, 
Visitation 

T R IN IT Y 
BAPTIST 
CHURCH 

NORTHEAST 
BAPTIST 
CHURCH 
293o Bitters Road—824-7235 
W.M. Long—Pastor 
H. L. Tipton, Assoc. Pastor 
Cliff Harden—Music/Youth 
SUNDAY SCHEDULE 
9 :3oa.rn Bible Study (Adages) 
IO: 5o a m. Worship 
4. 3o O.m. Youth Choir 
6:oo o.m. Christian Training 
6:oo p m. Elem entary Choirs 
7^)o o rn. Evening Worshio 
WEDNESDAY SCHEDULE 
6:oo p.m. Missionary Organize bons 
7:3o p.m. Mid Week Service 
8 2o p m Adult Choir 
M inistry for Single Adults. 
NURSERY OPEN A LL SERV­ 
ICES 
W EEK-DAY 
KIN D ER ­ 
GARTEN PROGRAM 

319 E. M ulberry 
San Antonio, Texas 78212 
734-So21 
Sunday School 9:3o a.m.. 
Worship Services l l a.m., 7 p.m. 
W ednesday su p p e r 
5 p m .; 
P ro v e r 
S e rv ic e 6:15 p .m .; 
Chorale Practice 7:15 p rn. 
Buckner Fanning, Pastor 
B ritt Towery, Associate Pastor 
Don 
McLendon, 
M inister of 
Education 
Tommy Lyons, M inister of Music 
J. w. 
Fortner, 
Business 
Adm inistrator 
Royce 
Calhoun, 
M inister of 
Counseling 
Ben 
Freeman, 
M inister of 
Activities 
Roger 
Gddewell, 
M inister of 
Yourn 
S andra R e s te r, 
D ire c to r of 
Special Outreach M inistries 
Danene 
Rogers, 
Pre-school 
D irector 
Perry 
Yeager, 
Education 
Assistant 
R ic a rd o G a rzo n , D ir e c to r of 
Spanish Dept. 
Nursery ond L ib ra ry open for all services. 

UNIVERSITY 
PARK BAPTIST 
CHURCH 
21o8 Cincinnati at Bandera Rood 
(I black east of 
Gen M cM ullen D rive) 
James McKee. Pastor 
Terry W. W ilkins 
M inister of Music 8b Youth 
SUNDAY 
8 3o A M. Worship Service 
9:45 A M, Sunday School 
11:9o A M. Worship Service 
5:3o P M. Church Training 
6:4o P.M. Worship Service 
WEDNESDAY 
7:3o P M P rayer Service 
Kindergarten for 4 & 5 yr olds 
Supervised nursery open for od services. 

TMElATUIDMr 
E X P R E S S - N EW S 
RELIGION 

GRACE BAPTIST 
TEAAPLE 
1928 Basse Rd. (Norths.de) 
Phone! 732-4323-455-6533 
Wm E. Fort son, Pastor 
Sunday School — 9:45 a m. M orn­ ing 
Worship 
1o:45; 
Training 
Union 6.oo p m . Evening Ever, geltsfic Service 6:3o p m. 
Church 
N ursery open every 
Service. Special welcome extend­ ed to weekend visitors ond new­ comers to the city 

Wot Id Baptist fellowship 

HUISACHE 
A V E N U E b a p t i s t 
CHURCH 
1339 W. Hulsoche Ave 
Dr. Cloud J Bonam, Pastor 
Rev Claud J. Bonam, Jr. 
Associate Pastor 
Young People s Leader 
Choir D irector 
Rev. Fred Bonam, 
Associate Pastor, 
Young Adult Teacher 
Sunday Services — All Bible Sun­ day School 1o.oo a m. 
Worship Service 11.oo a m 
Adult's 
Young 
People s and 
Children's Meeting 6 3o p m. 
Evening Service 7.3o p m 
Wednesday 
— P rover Service 
7 3o p m 
45 Years in Son Antonio 
Tune in Dr Cloud J Bonam on 
KORY radio, DIO on your dial 
Monday thru Saturday 7:3o-7:45 o.m. 

Charismatic 

R EVIVAL TEMPLE 
131o Texas Avenue 
John M Bell, Pastor 
M D Beadles, Assistant 
Sunday School, 9:45 a.m. 
Morning W orship, 1o:45 O.m. 
Pre-service prover, 6:3o p.m. 
Evening W orship, J OO p.m. 
Monday th ro u gh F rid a y . 7:3o p m. International Bible College 
Year End Convention, Rev. Moxie 
Thomas. 

CALVARY CHAPEL 
11o7 W. Hildebrand 
F. Goode Foster-Pastor 
Sunday School—IO A M 
Worship—l l A M. 
Sunday Eve —7 P M 
Wed E v e -7 :3 o P M 
Nursery Provided 

Christian Chaleh 
Disciples of Christ 

ALAMO 
HEIGHTS 
CHRISTIAN 
CHURCH 
64oo Block N. New Braunfels 
828-5728 
Rev. E arl R. Bissex, M inister 
. P a rker E. Cross, 
Associate M inister 
8:3o a m. Worship Service 
7:4Sa.m. Church School 
IO:5o a rn. Worshio Service 
12 oo Noon—Fellowship 
6 o.m. Youth Meetings 
Excellent Nursery. Ample park ing. 

CENTRAL 
CHRISTIAN 
CHURCH 
Main Avenue at Romano Plaza 
227-5273 
M inisters: 
Dr. Thomas Youngblood 
Rovce E. Makin 
Church School: 9:45 a rn. 
Worship 1o 45 o.m. 
Fam ily program s: 6 o rn. 
Nursery available. 
A Friendly welcome awaits vou. Plenty ol 
Parking. 

SOUTHEAST 
CHRISTIAN 
CHURCH 
1545 Goliad Rd 
Worship Service 11:oo a m. 
Sunday School 9.3o a.m. 
Youth Group 5:3o p.m. 
Horace B Harmon, Minister 

WOODLAWN 
CHRISTIAN 
CHURCH 
(D isc ip le s of C h ris t) 
West G ram ercy at Elm endorf 
(across from Woodlawn Ctr.) 
17oo Fredericksburg Rd. 
Rev. B.L. Brown 
Senior M inister 
Rev. Tom w Heal, Associate 
M inister 
Church School 9:3o a rn. 
Morning Worship Service 1o:45 
Sermon Subject: “ The Claim of 
God-Likeness." 

Evening Youth Group, 5:3o-7:3o 

Child care during morning service Am ple parking A frie nd ­ ly welcome awaits vou. 

- Clitistiun Science 

SUBJECT OF LESSON: 
"M ortals and Im m ortals" 

FIRST CHURCH 
5o1 North Alamo 
Sunday Service 9:3o 1o:3o-11 oo- 
12:oo 
Sunday School l l OO 
Wednesday 
Evening 
Meeting 
8 OO 

SECOND CHU RCH 
Magnolia and Belknap 
Sunday Service l l :oo 
Sundov School Ti OO 
Wednesday 
Evening 
Meeting 
8:oo 

T H IR D CHURCH 
27oo S. New Braunfels 
Sunday Service 11 OO 
Sunday School 11:oo 
Wednesday 
Evening 
Meeting 
7:oo 

FIRST CHURCH 
( A L A M O H E I G H T S ) 
IM CLOVER LE AF 
Sunday Service ll OO 
Sundov School l l OO 
Wednesday 
Evening 
Meeting 
7:3o 
READING ROOMS 
326 N. St. M ary's 
Colonies North M oll 
IH IO * Wurzboch Rd. 
27oo S. New Braunfels 
5o12 Broadway 

Saturday May 14 1977 

Chinches of Christ 

BEACON H IL L 
CHURCH OF 
CHRIST 
937 W Magnolia 
Between IH IO and US 281 
Bill Wilton, M inister 
Bible Coll L ib ra ry 
733-89o4 
Sunday Services 
Worship IO: JO o rn and 6 o m 
Bible Classes. 
9 3o o.m. Midweek Bible Study. 
Wednesday, 7 3o p m "A church near to th# heart of Son An tomo." 
JEFFERSON 
CHURCH OF 
CHRISP 
7o2 Donaldson Avenue 
732-61o5 
J O, Cash, M inister 
Bible Classes 
Worship 1o:3o A.M. & 6 OO P M 
Youth 
5-oo o.m. 
Wednesday Services 
7:3o p m. 
Attended nursery for oil meet ings 
MCCARTHUR 
PARK 
CHURCH OF 
CHRIST 
“ The End Of Your Search 
For A Friendly Church" 
19o7 N E. Loop 41o 
Phone: 824-73o1 
Doyle Maynard, M inister 
B ible Closs & C h ild re n s B ib le 
Hour 9 :3o A M 
Worship 1o:3o A M. & 6 P M 
Ladies Bible Class Tuesday IO 
A M 
Wednesday S e rv ic ^ 7:3o P M. 

SAN PEDRO 
CHURCH OF 
CHRIST 
IIM IO S —T«t. IU -1o8, 
3D Jackson-Kelier at Son Pedro 
G B Stanley, M inister 
Sundov Services: 
Bible Classes 9 :3o a m. 
Worship 
Services 
1o:3o a rn., 
6 oo p m 
Wednesday Midweek service 7:3o p.m. 
Nursery open during oil serv­ ices 

SUNSET RIDGE 
CHURCH OF 
CHRIST 
Brees at Em poria 
Telephone 824-4568 
M inister: Roy F. Osborne 

Bible dosses—9 15 a.rn Worship 
Services — 1o:3o o.m and 6 oo p.m. Wednesday Bible Classes — 
IO o.m. and 7:3o p.m. Attended nursery for all services. 

Community Church 

TRINITY yourn i 

875o Fourwinds Dr. 
IH 35 at Loop 41o 
••Inter-Denominational 
Congregation of Believers" 
Pastor Allen Randolph 
Worship 
8 15 A.M. 
Bible Fellowship 
..........9:45 A.M. 
Worship 
.................. 1o:5o A.M. 
Body Life Service ____6:oo P.M. 
Wednesday 
Charismatic Teaching.. 7:3o P.M. 
Thursday 
Home M inistries 
7:3o P.M. 
N ursery for all services 

'Episcopal 
Churches 

Vangelical Free Church 

WAYSIDE 
CHAPEL 
2918 Vance Jackson 
Ph. 344-12o3 
8 3o A M E arly W orship 
9 45 A M. Sunday School. 
11:oo A M Late Worship 
7:oo P.M. Evening Service 
Postor — Stephen P. Troxel 

Lutheran^' . 

Churches 
T 

CHRIST CHURCH 
Belknap a1 West Russell 
Sunday 
8:oo a.m. Holy Communion 
‘ 
9:oo a.m. Fam ily Service and 
Sunday School l l :oo o.m. M orning Worship 
(1st and 3rd Sundays — Holy 
Communion) 
_ 
5:oo p.m. Holy Communion and 
Healing Service 
-TM trsdqy 
1o:oo a.m. Holy Communion 
The Rev. John H. MacNaughton 
Rector 
The Rev. Hotlier Tom lin 
The Rev. M elvin Gray 
The Rev. Samuel Todd, Jr. 
Associate Rectors 
The Rev. Samuel O rr Copers, 
D.D. Rector Em eritus 

CHURCH OF ST. 
STEPHEN 
SOUTHEAST 

3726 S. New Braunfels at IH 37 
4 Minutes from Downtown 
Phone: 534 54o9 
The Rev. Charles H. B erry J r., 
Rector 

SUNDAY: 8 a m. Holv Commu­ nion; IO o.m. E ucharist/C hurch 
School classes, nursery. 
TUESDAY: 7:3o p.m. E ucharist/ 
Healing. 
WEDNESDAY: 
IO a m . 
Holv 
Communion. 

NORTHEAST 
THE CHURCH OF 
RECONCILIATION 
S ta rke st at Barrington in M arvm ont 

8:oo a.m. Holy Communion. IO:3o a.m. Morning Worship N ursery md Sunday School. 
?ev. Joe L. 8rown, Rector — 
Tel. 655-2731 or 824-221o 

ST. GEORGE 
EPISCOPAL 
CHURCH 
69o4 West Ave. at M ilita ry Hwy. 
The Rev. R. Randolph Cooper, 
Rector 
Church Phone: 342-4261 
Day School Phone: 342-4263 

SUNDAY: Worship Service 9:oo 
A M. Sundov School 1o:15 A M. 
Worship 
Service l l OO 
A M. 
Prover & Praise 7 :3o P M 
WEDNESDAY: Healing Service 
7:3f R M 
THURSDAY: 
Holv 
Communion 
6:3o A M . Healing Service 1o:oo 
A M. Evensong 7:oo P M 
SATURDAY: 
Holy Communion 
8:oo A.M Bible Study. 

ST. M A R K ’S 
EPISCOPAL 
CHURCH 
DOWNTOWN 
3o7 East Pecan at Travis Park 
Phone: 226-2426 
The Rey. Stanley F. Hauser, 
Rector 
The Rev. John C. Ball, Jr. 
The Rev. C. Don Baugh 
The Rev. John R Roen 
The RI. Rev. J. Wilson Hunter 

Sunday 
8:oo A.M. Holy Communion 
9:3o A.M. Holy Communion 
(Chapel) 
IO 3o A M. Morning Worship and 
Church School 
Monday thru Friday 
8:3o 
A.M. 
M orning 
P rover 
(Chapel) 
Friday 
11:45 
A.M. 
Healing 
Service 
(Chapel) 
I? OO NOON 
Holy 
Communion 
(Chapel) 

ASCENSION 
LUTHERAN 
CHURCH 

Vernon Brietkruetz. Pastor 
1o6o Donaldson Ave. 
(IO blocks west of 
Fredericksburg Rood) 
Sundov Schedule 
Sunday School. 9:3o A M 
Worship Service, 1o:3o A M. 
Holy Communion firs t 
Sunday each month. 
Come and worship with us 

B E IT E L 
LUTHER AN 
CHURCH 
2515 Austin Hwy. 
Pastor, Ralph Ablin 

Sunday worship services 
8:oo and 1o:3o a.m. Adult class and 
Sundov school at 9: IO a rn. P ro v­ er and Praise on Sunday eve nings a l 6:3o. N ursery available 

CONCORDIA 
LUTHERAN 
CHURCH 
1826 Basse Road 
Dr. Guido M erkens 
Senior Pastor 
Rev. Norman Abbott, Vst. Pastor 
Rev. Theodore G raalm ann, Asst. 
SUNDAY'S SCHEDULE 
A.M 
9 OO F irst service 
1o oo Sundov School, oil ages 
11:oo Second Service 
P.M. 
7:oo Third Service 
7:oo Sunday School, oges 3-12. 

NURSERY PROVIDED 

CHRIST 
LUTHERAN 
CHURCH 
67o2 Broadway in Alam o Hots. 
The Rev. A rth u r E. Rode 
The Rev. Harold Moench, 
Pastors * 
First Service—8 oo a m. Sundov 
Sunday School—9.15 a.rn 
Second Service—IO: 3o a rn 

GRACE 
LUTHER AN 
CHURCH 

5o4 Avenue E. at McCullough 
Three Blocks North of The Alamo 
Phone: 226-9131 
Pastor, Robert J. Adix 
Keith C. Fox 
8 OO and IO 45 A.M. W orship. 
9. 3o A.M. Sunday School 

HOPE 
LUTHERAN 
CHURCH (ALC) 
5714 Callaghan Rd. 
(3 blocks south of Loop 41o) 
433-7475 — 435-97o1 
Rev. Robert P. Thronson 
Rev. Delmas L. Luedke 
Worship Services 8:15 & IO 45 a.m. 
Adult Class and Sundov School 
9:3o a.m. 
Nursery provided for both W or­ ship Services. 
Holy Communion — F irst Sundov ond Third Sunday. 

R E D E E M E R 
LUTHERAN 
CHURCH 

(M issouri Synod) 
25o7 Fredericksburg Rd. 
Telephone 732-4112 
Rev. Ned M Bockelmann, 
Postor 
SUNDAY 
9 15 a rn. - Sunday 
School A 
Bible dosses. 
IO : 3o la rn Divine Worship 

ST. P A U L ’S 
EPISCOPAL 
CHURCH 
East Grayson of W illow 

Sunday M osses (1928 P ro v e r 
Book) 8:3o ond 1o:3o o rn. 
"Wednesday Mass, IOO rn 
M ajor Feast Days, 7 and IO o rn. 
■and 7:3o p rn. 
Confessions Saturday 
It OO A M. • Noon 

WINDCREST 
THE CHURCH OF 
THE RESURRECTION 
59o9 Watzem Road 655 5484 
The 
Rev. 
James 
P 
Giddings 
Rector 
Sundov Euchorist-9 OO & l l OO AV 
Sunday School-IO. OO AM on opes 
Licensed ore school & Kindergarten 

KING OF KINGS 
LUTHERAN 
CHURCH, LCMS 
13888 Oreamwood 
Telephone 656-65o8 
Henry H. Biar, Pastor 
M.S. Ed.; M. Div. 
Sunday School and Bible Class 
9: IS o.m. 
WorshiD 1o:3o a m. 
Communion on firs t and third 
Sundays. 

MCCARTHUR 
PARK 
LUTHERAN 
CHURCH 
"The Mome-Like C hurch” 
29o3 Nacogdoches Rd. 
(7 blks. No. of Loop 41o) 
Ph. 824-7135 
Pastor G.W. Schwanenbcrg 
Assoc. Postor c. Zim m erm an 
Sunday WorshiD 8:3o & l l o.m. 
Sunday School: 9:3o a.m. (for all ages) 
(Nursery provided all 3 hours) 
M ilitary 
Personnel especially welcome. 

ST. JOHN’S 
LUTHERAN 
CHURCH 
5o2 E. Nuevo St. 
San Antonin. Texas 782o$ 
Phone: 223-2411 
DOWNTOWN - '» block west of 
HemisFair 
Rooid E Braulick and Norman h . 
Albertson, Pastors. 
SUNDAY, MAY 15,’ 1977 
"Worship Services 8:15 and 1o:45. 
Sunday School 9:3o a.m. 

ST. L U K E ’S 
LUTHERAN 
CHURCH 
"The Friendly C hurch" 
$14 Santa Monico St., 735-o591 
I block W. of San Pedro 
Postor w J. Buck 
(Chaplain, Col, USAP, Ret.) 
Pastor Em eritus J.F. Verkooer 
Worship 
Service 
IO: 45 o.m 
(Nursery proviaed) 
Sunday 
School 
9:3o a.m. 
(alt ages). 
Counseling Services offered. 

Methodist 
Churches 

ALAMO 
HEIGHTS 
METHODIST 
CHURCH 
$1o1 Broadway 
*26-3215 
M inisters 
Dr. Calvin W, Froehner 
Reverend H aroldX . Perdue 
Reverend H arry C. Bamberger 
Reverend Jack C. Bush, Sr. 
Mother s Dov is olwavs a won- 
Three m eaningful hours of w o r­ ship ore o tte re d each Sunday, 
8:3o, 9:3o and 1o:55 o.m. Shore with us in iovous celebrations of study, prover, and praise. Beau­ tifu l music w ill be presented bv our Sanctuary Choir. 
D r Froehner w ill preach on: 
LE TS 
TALK 
ABOUT 
OUR 
IM PROVABILITY 
Come hear his challenging words on this subject which touches oil our lives 
Church School classes for all ages meet at 9 3o a m. Child care is provided during oil services. 
Sundov evening activities for Jr. ond Sr. Highs begin at 4:3o p.m. 
ASBURY 
U NITED 
METHODIST 
CHURCH 
46o1 San Pedro Ave. 
Phone: 733-o431 
Rev. Wesley N. Schulze, Pastor 

Church School: 9:3o a rn. 
Sunday W orship: 1o:5o a.m. 
I In- Church o f the frie n d ly h e a rt' 

CO LO N IA L 
PHILLS U N IT E D 

M E T H O D IS T 
CHURCH 

$247 Vance Jackson Rd. 
(N orth of Loop 41o) 
349-24o1 
Rev. W illiam M. Easum, Postor 
Oeibert Brown, Associate Pastor 
9 45 a m. Church School 
8:45 a m . and l l a m 
M orning 
Worship. 
6:3o p.m. U.M .Y.F. Program A 
Suooer. 
Tues. 7:oo p.m. Bible Study. 
■6 3o p m. Wed Youth Choir. 
Cal! 
696-5oo2 for inform ation. 
Nursery for oil activities 

LA T R IN ID A D 
U N IT E D 
M E T H O D IS T 
CHURCH 
3oo Son Fernando af Pecos 
Phone: 227-o544; 734-9692 
Postor: Rev. A. Ted Grout Q. 
9:3o A M. Escuela D om inical en ingles v espanol para todas las edades. (Sunday School in Eng­ lish and Soonish for ail ages.) in sn a m . 
CULTO 
DE 
ADORACION: Santa Comunion 
SERMON: Rev. A T. Grout, Q 
4:3o P M. fcnsavo L oro Juvenil 
(Youth Choir Rehearsal). 
5:3o P.M. E s tu d io s B ib lic o s , 
Jovenes (Bible Studies in Eng lish tor the Youth Group) 
6:oo P.M. Reunion de Grupos 
7:oo P.M. CULTO VESPERTINO 
E V A N G E LIS T IC © — Serm on: 
Rev A T. ©rout O 
M ia -w e e * P ro v e r s e rv ic e s : 
Thursday at 7:3o P.M. 

LA U R E L 
HEIGHTS 
U NITED 
METHODIST 
CHURCH 
IV West Woodlawn at Belknap 
733-7156 
M inisters 
Dr. Charles L. Giesler 
Rev. A lbert E. Loudon 
Rev. Robert E. Parsons 
Henry Holloway, 
D irector of Music 
John C. Schmidt, Organist 
Worship Services 8:3o and IO:SC a m . 
D r. H ilto n W h ita k e r, G uest 
Preacher, 
"HOW 
MUCH 
IS 
ENOUGH?” 
Church School tor all Ages 9:45 am . 

ST. JO H N ’S 
UNITED 
METHODIST 
CHURCH 
Northwest San Antonio, l l) Cloudcroft at Bandera Rd. 
Telephone: 433-7639 
Rev. Albert M erubia, Postor 
Methodist Men at 8:oo a m 
C hurch School C lasses fo r o il ages 9:3o a m. P astor's Special 
Adult Class 9 3o a.m. 

Morning Worship Service 1o:5o 
A M . 
Fellowship ond Coffee following in the Blue Room. 
Youth Activities beginning at 5:3o p.m., covered dish supper. 
You ore cordially invited to wor 
3hio with us. NURSERY PRO 
VIDED FOR A LL SERVICES. 

ST. M A T T H E W ’S 
UNITED 
METHODIST 
CHURCH 
2738 Bitters Road 
656-125o 
(Between Nacogdoches and Broadway) 
The Rev. M oi Hierholzer, 
M inister 
The Rev. Winn Alley, 
Intern M inister 
SUNDAY SCHEDULE 
(Nursery Available for All Sun­ day Events) 
8:3oam EAR LY SERVICE 
9:3o a.m. Church School (A LL 
AGES) 
,o 5o a rn. PR IN CIPAL SERV­ 
ICE 
^R EG U LAR A C T IV IT IE S IN ­ 
CLUDE: Church School Classes and Choirs for all ages, singles, senior citizens, and esoeciallv y o u t h . 

WOODLAWN 
U NITED 
METHODIST 
CHURCH 

17o1 West Woodlawn Ave. 
5*nior Postor: 
Roy. Pool A. G rout Ct. 
Associate Pastor: 
Or. E lm er J. Hierholzer 
Ley Pastoral V isitors: M r. Bob 
H asb rook, M r. C arroll Sigmon 

SUNDAY SERVICES 
Sundov Worshio 9 A M. 
New Lockhitl Elem entary School 
Cafetorium 
5o5o De Z a vrlo Rd. 
Second Service IO: SO A.M. 
17o1 W. Woodlawn 
U.M.Y. Each Sunday 4 to 4 P.M. 
SOM Do Zavala Rd. 

TRAVIS PARK 
UNITED 
METHODIST 
CHURCH 
23o E. Travis St. 
Phone 226-8341 
M INISTER. Or. Ralph H. Seiler 

You ore welcome to san Antonio's 
G re a t d o w n to w n 
M e th o d is t 
Church located in the heart of the city for 13o years. Only minutes awov bv Expressways and FREE 
PARKING across the street 
WORSHIP SERVICES at 1o:5o 
A.M. and 7:oo P.M. Don Scroggs preaching at 1o:5o A.M on "A 
GOSPEL FOR G IR A FFES ." iz oo - H olv 
C o m m u n io n 
Childers Chapel 
9:3o A M. - Church School Classes for all ages 
4:3o P.M. - Youth Activities Begin 
7:oo P .M . E v e n in g W o rs h ip • 
Rev. Sid Spain w ill be preaching on 
"YOU CAN'T HURRY THE 
MORNING ” 

H A T F IE L D 
CHURCH OF 
THE N AZARENE 
4515 S. Flores 
E.E. Rhodes, Pastor 
J.W. Cantrell, Associate 

Sunday Services Sunday School 
9 45 o m .: 
M orning 
W orship 
IO: SO a m 
(Children s W orship 
Service — 4 yrs. thru the 4th grade) 
Youth 
Services 
6 o o o.m.. Evening Service 7:oo p m 
Wednesday P rover Meeting, 7:3o pm . 
(M issionary 
Meeting last 
Wednesday of month). 
Nursery is open for oil regular services 

A CHURCH WHERE E V E R Y ­ 
BODY IS WELCOME - NO BIG 
SHOTS, 
NO 
UNIMPORTANT 
PEOPLE 

Non D enom inational 

T H E L I T T L E 
CHURCH OF 
LA V I L L I T A 
Non Denominational 
5o8 V illita St 
Rey. David W Edmunds, 
Pastor 

Sunday Worship Service — l l a rn. 
Sundov Evening Service—6 p rn. 
Mid week 
Healing ond P rover 
Services. Wednesday night 7:3o pm . 
Thursday m orning l l oo o.m. 

S i Presbyterian 
: Churches 

A L A M O 
HE IG HTS 
P R E S B Y T E R IA N 
CHURCH 
62o1 Broadway 
Newton P. Cox, J r 
M inister 
Phone: 824-o271 

Sunday, May 15 
• serm on at 11:oo a.m . by Rev. 
Newton P. Cox Jr. "W A IT IN G ON 
THE LORD." 

BEACON H IL L 
PRESBYTERIAN 
CHURCH 
HOI West Woodlawn 
733-7169 
M inister. Rev. Joe M. Owen 
Sunday School 9:45 a rn 
Worship Service 11: OO o.m. 

C O V E N A N T 
P R E S B Y T E R IA N 
211 Roleto & N.W. Loop 41o 
(A t Honeysuckle exit) 
Edwin Walthall, Pastor 
Phone: 342-5253 

9.3o A M. Church School for all ages 
1o:45 
A.M. 
Morning 
Worship 
Service 

CHRIST 
P R E S B Y T E R IA N 
CHURCH 
(Unaffiliiated) 
544o Vance Jackson Rd 
)k j miles North of Loop 41o on Vance Jackson 
Rev. J. Gram M cM illan. Pastor 

Church 
School, 
1o oo a m 
Worship Service, l l a m ., 7 OC p.m. 
Midweek 
Services 
Wed­ nesday 7:3o. 
We ore conservative, evangel­ ical and autonomous, having no connection with the National or 
World Council of Churches. We hold to the historic Presbyterian bedel that the Bible is the in- spired Word on God ond the only infallible rule of faith and prac­ tice. 
Our church otters a spiritual home to oil who desire rn hear the word of God without 
:omoromise. 

FIRST 
P R E S B Y T E R IA N 
CHURCH 
North Alamo and Fourth Sis. 
MINISTERS. 
Louis H. Zbinden Jr. 
Richard G. Ryan 
Robert H. Bullock, H.R., Teaching 
Minister. 
George Mauze 

M inister-Em eritus 
Dr Bess Hieronymus, 
Orggnist-Choir D irector 

S U N D A Y : 9 a .m . W o rs h ip in 
Guthrie Bryant Chapel led bv 
Dr. Ryan; 9:3o a.m. School of the 
Church; l l a m. Worship, sermon bv D r. Zbinden; A NEW P E R ­ 
SPECTIVE: Reception honoring high school seniors and college g ra d u a te s w ill fo llo w in th e 
McCullough Room; N ursery and ch ild care d u rin g w orsh ip and stu d y h o u rs ; 6 p .m . 7th-12th graders meet in homes for supper and program. 
WEDNESDAY: 6:15 p.m. Fam ily 
Dinner followed bv program on 
Mission Road Foundation led bv 
Robert C. M urray. 
TH U RSD AY : 7:15 a .rn M e n s 
Prayer Breakfast. 

FAITH 
C U M BER LAN D 
PRESBYTERIAN 
CHURCH 
7*15 Oakton Dr. 
(Beside Lee High School) 
Phone: 342-6)6o 
Rev. R. E arl W illoughby, 
M inister 
WHO SO EVER W ILL M AY 
COME 
Sundov School 9:45 a rn. 
Worship Service 11:ooam 
C P Y.F., Youth Group 6:3o p m. 

MADISON 
SQUARE 
UNITED 
PRESBYTERIAN 
CHURCH U.S.A. 
319 Camden at Lexington phone 226-4254 
William P. Lytle D O , Pastor 
Edwin Rteke. O ma 
Organist Choirmaster 
Loren stenberg 
Assistant in Christian 
Education 
9 3o a m 
Church School, l l OO a m. w orshio Service 
Nursery provided 
5:OO P M. Choristers 
5:3o P.M. 
Senior 
High 
Youth 
Group 
5.45 P M. Jr. High Youth Group 
Children s Center 226-192o 
(W eekdays 6: 3o o m. 6 OO D m ) 

NORTHWOOD 
P R E S B Y T E R IA N 
CHURCH 
SIS Pike Place 
824-7238 
Worship Service, l l a rn 
Church School. 9: 45 a m. 
S erm on bv D r. G ene M a rc h , 
"HEAR FOR PRAISE." 

ST. A N DR EW 
PR ESBYTER IAN 
CHURCH 
8231 Callaghan Rd 
(Near I-to at 41o) 
M inister, W illiam C. Mounts 
Church School - 9 JO A M 
Worship Service • 11 OO A M 
L al ' L l: eo™ ina Cen,er Ages 2, J, ond 4 Mon. Fri. 9 o rn. 12 noon 

/ Religious Science 

CHURCH OF 
T R U T H 
A member Cnurch of Religious 
Science Los Angeles. Californio 
Dr. 
Ernest 
Holmes. 
Founder. publisher of the Science of Mind 
Magazine. Sundays, 
IO 45 a rn 
Services 1o.oo o rn 
Word of the 
Week 
Classes on metaphysics and practical C hristianity 
IO OO 
O rn Junior Church classes (an school grades) 
Child care facilities 
Dr. 
Auorev 
Hanger. 
Minister 
(824/451) 
San Pedro 
Playhouse. 
Son 
Antonio 
Pork 
(Dial a 
Blessing, o recorded meditation 
878 558D 
WARM 
WELCOME AWAITS YOU Sun dov momma 

Seventh-Day Adventist 

L A U R E L 
H E IG H T S 
S E V E N T H DAY 
A D V E N T IS T 
CHURCH 

7o3 West Ashby Pl 
(ODOOsite San Pedro P ark) 
732-6898 
Robert Wood, Pastor 
Dovid Evans, Associate Pastor 
Saturday 
Services 
Sabbath 
School 9:3o a rn. Devine Worship 
.11:oo a rn. Youth Meeting I Hr before sunset P rover Meeting 
Wednesday 
7:3o p m . 
Dorcas 
Welfare Society 
Tuesday 
IO oo a.rn Sunday AM 
VOICE OF PROPHECY 
KKYX 

United Church '• v. of Christ ). 

The U n ite d C h u rc h of C h ris t continues the m in is trie s of the 
C o n g re g a tio n a l 
C h ris tia n 
C hurches and the E v a n g e lic a l' and Reformed Church Since 1957 

B E T H A N Y 
61) E. M yrtle St. at N. 
Kendall (6 Blocks 
North of IH-3S 

 between McCullough 
& St M a ry's) 
226 2655 

Rev. John B Culver, pastor 
Worship. 
IO 45 o.m 
Church 
School 
9 3o a m 
Adult 
Bible 
Class. 9 JO a rn. 

C O M M U N IT Y 
443 Hunnicutt Dr. (W W White 
Rd.. Loop 13, at IM IO) 
333 16o3 
Rev. Thomas N. Ward 
Worship, IO: 3o a m. 

P IL G R IM CON­ 
G R E G A T IO N A L 
SOO P ilgrim Or (7 Blocks South of Loop 4io, I block West of 
Vance Jackson) 
342-6o34 
Rev, A rt hor W Stork, pastor 
Sunday 
School. 
9 45 
D ivine 
Worship Service l l :oo o.m 

Affiliated with Unity 
School — Silent U nity— 
Doily Word Magazine 
Sunday services l l a m at 172J 
Lawndale 
Dr 
(West off 
81 OO 
Broodwov) 
Sunday School 9 JO a m . 
Adult 
Closs 
9:3o a m 
Meditation 
1o:35 a rn. 
Youth 
Class " a.rn 
Thursday. T ru th - 
Closs IO 3o a m. Office open IO to 
4 Monday thru 
Thursday 
824 
7351 ). 
Norman Olson. M inister- 
^Bulletin sent on request > 

5'>. 5 /Unitarian >• 

FIRST 
U N IT A R IA N 
CHURCH 

3o7 Beryl Dr. 
Phone; 344-4695 
Church School and nursery 
IO 3o o rn 
Morning Service 
1o 3o o.m 
Minister: Rev. Rolfe Gerhardt 
S E R M O N : 
“ OF 
B O A R D 
M E M B E R S , C H U R C H L IF E , 
FA N TA S IE S AN D C E L E B R A ­ 
TION,” conducted bv Jon Kaplan. 

Wesleyan Church 

W ESLEYAN 
CHURCH 
391o West Avenue 
344-6393 
Edward D. Angelic Postor 
Mike Walters, Youth Pastor 
Sunday: Church School 9 45 a rn 
Worship Service l l oo a.rn 
Evening Service 7,oo D.m 
Wednesday. Bible Study and 
Prayer 7:3o p.m. 

Church Directory 
Qjv Next Page . 

Church 
Directory 

F w further intormotkMi on churches lifted below — see ads appearing on this aaa* 

Church at Castle Hilts 
214 Roieto 

Gospel Assembly 
417 Catalina 
First Assembly of God 
MO S E, Military Dr. 
Oak Meadow Assembly of 
God 
2714 Hunters Green 
Glad Tidings Assembly of 
God 
2143 SO. W W . While Rd. 

Primitive baptist Church 
4o4 Walton Ave. 
Castle Hills First baptist 
222o N.W. Military Hwy. 
Crestview Baptist 
Walzem at Eaglecrest 
Eisenhower Rd. Baptist 
395o Eisenhower Rd. 
First baptist 
SIS McCullough 
Lockland baptist 
2718 Frontier Dr. 
Northridge Pork baptist 
Chevy Chase A Eisenhauer 
Rd. 

Manor baptist 
Manor Dr. at Meredith 
Northeast baptist 
293o Bitters Rd. 
Parkhills Baptist 
14o15 San Pedro Ave. 
Shearer Hills Baptist 
8o2 Oblate 
University Park Baptist 
23o8 Cincinnati 
Trinity Baptist 
319 E. Mulberry 
Grace Baptist Temple 
1928 Basse Rd. 
Muisache Avenue Baptist 
1339 W. Huisache Ave. 

Revival Temple 
131o Texas Ave. 
Calvary Chapel 
11o7 W. Hildebrand 
Alamo Heights Christian 
MOO Block N. New 
Braunfels 
Central Christian 
Main Ave. at Romano 
Plata 

Woodlawn Christian 
17oo Fredericksburg Rd. 
First Church ot 
Christ Scientist 
5o1 N. Alamo 
Second Church ol 
Christ Scientist 
Magnolia — Belknap 
Third Church of 
Christ Scientist 
27oo S. New Braunfels 
First Church (Alamo 
Heights) of Christ Scientist 
1o4 Cloverleaf 
Beacon Hill Church of 
Christ 
937 w. Magnolia 
San Pedro Church of Christ 
311 Jackson Keller 
Jefferson Church of Christ 
7o2 Donaldson Ave. 
Sunset Ridge Church of 
Christ 
Brees at Emporia 
Trinity Church 
875o Foorwinds 
Christ Episcopal Church 
Belknap at West Russell 
The Church at 
Reconciliation 
94o1 Starcrest 
Church of St. Stephen 
1726 S. New Braunfels at 
IH 37 
St. George Episcopal 
Church 
49o4 West Ave. at Military 
Hwy. 
St. Luke's Episcopal 
Corona & Devine Rd. 
St. Mark Episcopal Church 
3o7 E. Pecan 
St. Paul's Episcopal 
Church 
1o18 E. Grayson 

Wayside Chaoei 
2918 Vance Jackson 
Ascension Lutheran 
1o4o Donaldson 
Beitel Lutheran 
2515 Austin Hwy. 
Grace Lutheran 
Avenue E at McCullough 
Christ Lutheran 
472o Broadway 
King of Kings Lutheran 
13888 Dreamwood 
Concordia Lutheran 
1824 Basse Rd. 
Hope Lutheran 
5714 Callaghan Rd. 
MacArthur Park Lutheran 
29o3 Nacogdoches Rd. 
Mf. Calvary Evangelical 
Lutheran Church 
3o8 Mount Calvary Dr. 
St. John Lutheran 
5o2 E. Nuevo St. 
St. Luke's Lutheran 
514 Santa Monica 
Redeemer Lutheran 
25o7 Fredericksburg Rd. 
Alamo Heights Methodist 
51o1 Broadway 
Asbury United 
Methodist Church 
46o1 San Pedro 
Aldersgate United 
Methodist 
Kavton at Palmetto 
Colonial Hills 
United Methodist 
5247 Vance Jackson 
La Trinidad United 
Methodist 
San Fernando v Pecos 
Laurel Heights United 
Methodist 
227 West Woodlawn 
St. John's United Methodist i ll Cloudcroft Dr. 
St. Matthew's United 
Methodist 
2738 Bitters Rd. 
Travis Park United 
Methodist 
23o East Travis 
Woadlawn United 
Methodist 
17o1 West Woodlawn 
Hatfield Church 
Of the Nazarene 
4S1S S. Fiores 
The Little Church of La 
Villita 
5o8 Villita 
Alamo Heights 
Presbyterian 
62o1 broadway 
Faith Cumberland 
Presbyterian Church 
7815 Oakton Dr. 
First Presbyterian 
North Alamo and Fourth 
Sts. 
Beacon Hill Presbyterian h o i West Woadlawn 
Covenant Presbyterian 
211 Roieto A N.W. Loop 41o 
Christ Presbyterian 
544o Vance Jackson Rd. 
Madison Square United 
Presbyterian 
319 Camden at Lexington 
Northwood Presbyterian 
515 Pike Place 
St. Andrew Presbyterian 
823) Conflation Rd 
Laurel Heights 
Seventh Day Adventist 
2o3 Ashby pi. 
Bethany United Church of 
Christ 
611 St. Myrtle St. 
Community United Church at Christ 
4443 Hunnicutt Or. 
Pilgrim Congregational 
5oo Pilgrim Dr. 
Unity Church 
1723 Lawndale Or. 
First Unitarian 
IH IO—Loop 41o at Bary! 
Rd. 
Wesleyan Church 
391o West Aye. 
Southeast Christian Church iM5 Goliad Rd 
T_____ 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Saturday May 14 1977 

S.A. Jews plan walk for Israel aid fund 

I, ^ 

 m m m im te m m a * 
Candle, singers and musicians who minister on the street, at schools and in churches, will perform at Templo Cristiano, 23o4 El Paso St. 
Thursday, Friday and next Saturday at 7:3o p.m. each day. 
Candle’s goal is to communicate the love of Jesus Christ through its musical repertoire. 

San Antonio Jews will meet at ll a.m. Sunday on the grounds of the 
Jewish 
Community 
Center for a walkathon fund-raising event to benefit the 
Israel 
Emergency Relief Fund of United Jewish Appeal. 

Sunday’s walk will be sponsored by the Jewish 
Social Service Federa­ tion, coordinated by the 
Jewish 
Community 
Center. 

The children’s walk will be a two-mile hike. 
Adults will walk IO miles. 
Jews throughout the nation will conduct wal- kathons to show their so­ lidarity with Israel in this fund-raising event. 
Religious com mitment only answer to cults 

Nothing seems as harmless as an interim study of the Texas House of Representatives. 
It simply means that a committee is appointed. 
Hearings are held. Some concerned constituents are satisfied. 
Once in awhile a piece of legislative recommen­ dation emerges. Infre­ quently something really gets passed into law. 
As one veteran legisla­ tor used to say to com­ mittees, “ This little old bill won’t hurt anybody. 
It won’t help many folks, but it won’t get you in trouble, so let’s pass it.” 

HSR35 
With such a basic un­ derlying attitude, House 
Simple Resolution 35, sponsored by Rep. Al 
Brown of San Antonio and Rep. Bennie Bock of 
New 
Braunfels, has sailed through the House 
Criminal Jurisprudence* 
Committee. 
It’s a simple resolu­ tion. If it gets on the ca­ lendar, a quick vote up or down will be had. It seems now that an inter­ im study committee on religious cults is likely to be formed. 
The vast difference between this study and studies on other matters of public policy is that the legislature under the 
Constitution of the United 
States in the concept of separation of church and 

Jimmy 
Pastor, 
First Baptist Church 

 state has no right to get itself in a position of seeking to make defini­ tions of religious move­ ments. 
The Texas Legislature is not noted for its theo­ logical insight. 
The founders of our Republic understood this more than most. 
They had been in countries where governments defined re­ ligion, outlawed heresy and sought to foster the faith by laws. 
They stated in the be­ ginning that their go­ vernment was to have no role in such activities. 
The Bill of Rights may be limited to Congress but it certainly'should apply to every legislative body in the land when it says, “ Congress shall make no laws concerning the establishment of reli­ gion or prohibiting the free exercise thereof.” 
The emotional appeal for such a study of reb- 
Seminarian to speak at event 

Rabbi Henry D. Michelman, assistant chancellor of the Jewish Theological Se­ minary of America, will be the guest speaker at 8 p.m. Friday at the Confirma­ tion Sabbath Eve services at Congregation 
Agudas Achim, 12o1 Donaldson Ave. 

South Af rica bishop to talk 

Bishop D.P. Rapoo. bi­ shop of the Evangelical 
Lutheran 
Church of 
South Africa, will speak at 7:3o p.m. Wednesday at 
Trinity 
Lutheran 
Church, 552o S. Flores St. 
He will speak about the 
Christian churches of 
South Africa and his na­ tive country, the Repub­ lic of South Africa. 
Bishop Rapoo also will speak at Christ Lutheran 
Church, 672o Broadway, at ll a.m. Thursday. 
The public is invited to both speaking engage­ ments. 

He will participate in the Saturday services and will speak at 1o:3o a.m. Sunday at a brunch sponsored by the Half 
Century Club for its members and guest*;. 

Rabbi 
Michelman served as spiritual leader of Congregation Baith Is­ rael Anshe Ernes in 
Brooklyn. 

He will share his knowledge of the vital role of the Jewish Theo­ logical 
Seminary of 
America with members and friends of 
Congregation Agudas 
Achim. 
Ecumenism is topic of OLLU workshop 

Our Lady of the Lake University will sponsor a one day workshop in Ecumenism, Thursday, on campus. 
The workshop is the first in a series featuring recipients of honorary degrees from Our Lady of the 
Lake University. 
Bishop Stephen A. Leven of San Angelo will lead two workshops, Ecumenism in Higher Education, from 2 to 3 p.m., and Ecumenism and Pastoral 
Ministry from 3:3o to 4:3o n.m. in Room Main 232. 
An Interfaith Dialogue on the Present State of 
Ecumenism in the U.S. will be held at 8 p.m. Rabbi 
David Jacobson, rabbi emeritus, Temple Beth-el, and the Rev. T. Stewart Coffman, University Pres­ byterian Church minister, will participate with 
Bishop Leven. 
Both Bishop Leven and Rabbi Jacobson were awarded honorary degrees from Our Lady of the 
Lake University. 
The Ecumenical Workshop is open to the public withouPcharge. 

 gious cults comes from concerned and heartbro­ ken parents who have been involved in efforts to deprogram their chil­ dren from the emotional conditioning of some of the religious movements abroad in our land. 
In a move to get the society as a whole to le­ gally back their efforts lo recapture their children from these ideas and movements, they have pressed their legislators for a governmental in­ vestigation and defini­ tion. 
There exists in some of their concepts a confi- 

SADHU BALWANT S. 
GREWAL 
. . .to conduct seminar 
Temple founder to speak 

Sadhu 
Balwant 
S. 
Grewal, founder and dir­ ector of the Temple of 
Divine Philosophy will present two lectures at 
7:3o p.m. Sunday and 
Monday at Unity Church of San Antonio. 
On Sunday he will pre­ sent “ What is the Science of Meditation?” and 
“ How to Transcend the 
Human Mind and Find 
Oneness with God.” 
Monday’s talk will be on “ What is Reincarna­ tion and the Law of Cause and Effect?# 
The two evening se­ minar sessions will be offered for $6 per person. 
For more information on the sessions call 824-7351. 

He calls police 

ANGELS CAMP, Calif. 
(AP) — Police rushed to the scene when £ phone call reported an assault and battery. 

They found a tearful 
9-year-old boy who had made the call and his angry mother — who had spanked him because he wouldn’t go to bed. 

You are Invited to See 
“ THE POWER OF PRAYER” 

 a color motion picture that will answer your questions about prayer 

7:oo PM, Sunday, May 15th 

W O O D L A W N ASSEM BLY OF G O D 
1438 E. Sunshine off Bandera Rd. 
Allen Poldson, Pastor 

CHllRCH NEWS 

 dence that political office holders will have keen insight about these mat­ ters. 
Nothing in the history of mankind justifies that kind of faith. 
It was for that very reason that our land was founded on the concept of restraining the state from becoming the auth­ ority on what religious movements are or are supposed to be. 
O nly role 
The only possible role the state could have would be to deal with an ideological movement that was dedicated to the overthrow of the state it­ self. 
In this case, our exper­ ience has been that a strong and vital government of freed men deals best with incur­ sions not by hounding the persons who are seeking to undermine the go­ vernment but by making the system so strong and healthy that it cannot be undermined. 
The answer to the cults that are arising in our culture lies not in laws, jails, courts, or kidnap­ ing. 
The basic answer lies in a vital, experiential religious commitment. 
The commitment to truth will in and of itself be the best defense against error. 
The effort to define re­ ligious cults as to whether they are accep­ table or unacceptable is not only frustrating but dangerous. 
Persecution 
There are lands and nations in which the 
Christian commitment falls under that unaccep­ table religious definition. 
Uganda is now seeing a systematic destruction of 
Christian leaders under such a commitment to the Muslem faith. 
Russia now has not on­ ly Jews but Baptist dis­ senters and other evan­ gelical Christians called crazy and placed in in­ stitutions or jails for their faith. 
While no one antici­ pates a House interim study committee produc­ ing such a condition in our land, it is a danger­ ous thing at the first step of deviation from a prin­ ciple for citizens to ig­ nore the implications of that deviation if carried to its logical conclusion. 
There is a real problem confronting us with var­ ious religious cults. The answer is not in legisla­ tive committee studies. 
Our representatives need to hear from the friends of religious cons­ cience and freedom and be tol d that this House resolution is not a simple resolution even though ifs labeled that. 
It is no business of the gears of the state to mesh the wheels of religion nor of the gears of religion to mesh the wheels of the state. 

FIRST BAPTIST 

Luke E.. Williams Jr., who joined the staff of the church as minister of education in 1962, will celebrate his 15th anni­ versary with the church 
Sunday. 
The congregation will honor Mr. and Mrs. Wil­ liams at an open house, following the evening worship. 

CAMELOT CHRISTIAN 
CENTER 

Leonard L. Norville will celebrate his 26th anniversary of ministry in San Antonio with 1o:45 a.in. and 7 p.m. special services at the center 
Sunday. 
The New Joy singing group will be featured during the homecoming worship service in the morning and a miracle rally will be conducted in the evening. 
The center is located at 
762o Ray Bon Drive. 

ST. JOHN S EVANGELI­ 
CAL LUTHERAN 

Maurice O. Gold will be installed as first pas­ tor designate of the church, 5o2 E. Nueva St., during the 1o:45 a.m. worship service Sunday. 
Bishop Vernon Mohr, president of the Southern 
District of the American 
Lutheran Church, will preside at the installa­ tion. 
A reception will honor 
Pastor Gold after the in­ 

 stallation service in the church’s Pioneer Room and Banquet Hall. 

EISENHAUER ROAD 
BAPTIST 

The Rev. Louis J. 
“ Scotty” Newton will * preach his first sermon as pastor of the church on 
May 22. 
The Rev. Mr. Newton conies to San Antonio after a nine-year pastor­ ate at the West Side 
Baptist Church of Wichi­ ta Falls. 

EL DIVINO SALVADOR 
UNITED METHODIST 

The church, 21o5 Buena 
Vista St., will conduct a conference starting at ll a m. Sunday. 
Members of the church are urged to attend the conference which will deal with question of purchasing the Wood­ lawn United Methodist 
Church property. 

McK in l e y a v e n u e 
UNITED METHODIST 

At 4:3o p.m. Sunday, the congregation will celebrate the 17-year debt retirement on the building. 
The three former pas­ tors of the church, the 
Rev. Claus Rohlfs, the 
Rev. Luster Lockett and the Rev. Orion Lewis will join the church’s present pastor, William C. Ren­ fro, in the celebration. 
Refreshments will be served in the Fellowship 

Hall following the cele­ bration in the sanctuary. 

ONE WAY CHAPEL 

“ All the 
King’s 
Horses,” a feature-length film on marriage and di­ vorce, will be shown at 
7:3o p.m. Sunday at the chapel, 914 S.W. 37th St. 
The film deals with the effects a divorce has on a family. The public is in­ vited to the free showing. 

WOODLAWN 
CHRISTIAN 

The Berean class of the church will conduct its annual spring barbecue at 3 p.m. Saturday at 
Raymond Russell Park. 
The barbecue beef din­ ner will be served at 5 p.m. A variety of game booths, soft drinks and a white elephant booth will be featured. 
For information and tickets call 344-o246 or 
684-7825. 

WOODLAWN ASSEM ­ 
BLY OF GOD 

“ The 
Power of 
Prayer,” a film dealing with questions and answers about praying, will be presented at 7 p.m. Sunday at the church, 1438 E. Sunshine 
St. 
Featured in the film are Christian spokesmen in the United States, in­ cluding Dr. W A. Cris­ well, Dr. John F. Wal- voord and Dr. and Mrs. 
Howard Hendricks. 

I 

MAURICE O. GOLD 
. . . to be Installed 

ILI 

LUKE E. WILLIAMS 
. . . to celebrate anniversary 

B ishops praise 

 r n v a . J 
_ 
I V story 

SFtCIAl TO TNI tX W tSS NEWS 
The National Confer­ ence of Catholic Bishops unanimously approved a resolution this week in 
Chicago which praises the NBC-TV, fi'/j-hour biblical epic, “ .Jesus of 
Nazareth.” 
The resolution called the production “ a pro­ foundly spiritual exper­ ience for millions of viewers,” and commend­ ed the director, Franco 
Zeffirelli, 
NBC. and others involved in the program 
“ for this contribution to the reli­ gious and cultural life of the nation.” 
'•Jesus of Nazareth,” presented on Palm and 
Easter Sundays, was tuned in by 49 per cent of the television audience, which NBC Research es­ timated at 9o-million viewers, based on the 
Nielsen Television Index. nTr . - k . f 

The new home of the Church of Castle Hills is nearing completion adjacent to the present church at IH41o and Roieto Street. Com­ pletion of the $5oo,ooo building project is expected in mid-July, according to the Rev. John Hagee, pastor of the non-denomina- tional church. 
Holy Rosary School 
Family Fest today 

The Holy Rosary 
International Family 
Fest will get under way Saturday from 2 p.m. to midnight on the 
Holy 
Rosary 
Catholic School and 
Church grounds. 
The event is spon­ sored by the school’s parent-teacher club. The school is located adjacent to the St. Mary’s Univer­ sity campus on Camino 
Santa Maria and Culebra 
Road. 
Students from Holy 
Rosary School, dressed 

 in various cultural cos­ tumes, will participate in a pageant in honor of 
Immaculate Mary. 
Food and entertain­ ment from various ethnic groups will be offered at the admission-free event. 
Food booths sponsored by St. Mary’s Univereity 
International Club and other Holy Rosary pari­ 

 shioners will feature 
German, 
Philippine, 
Oriental, Mexican and 
American dishes. 

WORRIED 

CAU Q 
I 
226-4443 usury 

CHURCH OF SAN A N TO N IO 
1723 LAW NDALE DRIVE 

PRESENTS A TWO-EVENING SEMINAR WITH 

SADHU BALWANT S. GREWAL 

Director of the Temple of Divine Philosophy, Titusville, Fla. 
Lecturer, author, teacher of India and the United States. 

M ay I 5th-7:3o PM 

“WHAT 
IS 
THS 
M EDITATION?” 
SCIENCE 
OF 

“H O W 
TO 
TRANSCEND 
THE 
H U M AN M IN D A FIND ONENESS 
WITH G O D ” 

M ay 16th-7:3o PM 

“WHAT 
IS 
REINCARNATION A 
THE LAW OF CAUSE A EFFECT?” 

($3 fee for each evening session) 824*7351 

Sadhu Grewal will also tie guest speaker at regular Sun­ day service, I 1:oo a.m.. M ay 15th., topic "The Power of 
Healing, What Heals?'* 

NEW LIFE CENTER 

Positive Thinking 
At Its Best 

Adult Sunday School 
1o:oo A M 
Church Service ll OO AM 

Serm on S u b le t 

“ Praise Your W a y To a New Life ' 
Anne Runuih, Minister 

Koger Executive Center 

Babcock & 41o) 
4242 Piedras Dr. Suite 25o 

I’BINITYCHUEril 

INTERDENOMINATIONAL 
Emphasizing Worship and Praise 

 as the joyful expression of His Life 

W O R SH IP HO U RS 
Sundays 8:15 a.m./1o;5o a.m./6:oo p.m. 
TEACHING H O U RS 
Sundays 9:45 a.m./Wed. 7:3o p.m. 

IH 35 ut NE loop 41o 

875o FOURWINDS 

 in WINDCREST 
653-5335 

ALLEN RANDOLPH 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Saturday May 14 1977 
Attorney: Prisoner’s death unintentional 

HOUSTON (A P )-The attorney for a Houston policeman charged with murder in the drowning death of a young prisoner says there was no inten­ tion on the part of officers to kill the man. 
Bob 
Bennett said 

Friday, “ this is riot a murder case.” 
He refused to reveal any de- tails of his planned defense. 
Bennett earlier asked for a gag rule and city police officials have agreed to make no 
Judge’s funeral will be today 

.JUNCTION - Funeral services for former Kim­ ble County Judge M. C. 
Blackburn, 66, of Junc­ tion will be held at 2 p.m. 
Saturday at the First 
United Methodist Church here. 
Burial, with Masonic rites, will be in Junction 
Cemetery. He died Fri­ day. 

He was county judge from 1947 to 1951 and was 
Junction city attorney several years. He was a prominent West Texas attorney and was a brother of former Dis­ trict 
Judge 
Marvin 
Blackburn. 
He is survived by his widow, daughter, three sons, three brothers and three sisters. 

 further statements on the case. 
The body of .Joe Cam­ pos Torres, 23, was found 
Sunday floating in a bayou that twists and turns around the down­ town section of Houston. 
Two days later, policeman Terry W. 
Denson, 27. a veteran ‘if five years on the force, was charged with murder. 
Four other officers w ert* suspended indefini­ tely without pay. by 
Police 
Chief 
B. 
(J. 
“ Pappy” Bond. Under the Houston civil service rules, this is tatamount to dismissal. 
Sources said Friday the officers are expected to claim they thought 
Torres could swim to safety after he jumped, fell or was pushed into the 1o-footdeep waters of 
Buffalo Bayou. 

Torres, a karate expert and recently discharged from the U.S. Army because of a drinking problem, was arrested the previous Thursday n ght during a distur­ bance at a 
Houston tavern. 
Sources said the policemen beat Torres and then took him to the city jail. .Jailers refused to book the man because he appeared1 to need medical attention. The arresting officers were told to take Torres to a hospital for an examina­ tion. 
The officers reportedly took Torres back to the banks of the bayou. 
When the body was found, one of the six of­ ficers involved, Carless 
E. Elliott, 2o, went to 
Chief Bond and related details of the incident. 

After a long day at the track, “ Oil Burner” likes a little refreshment. 
Here trainer Charlie Wingate holds the can while the pacer chugs the beer at Brandywine Raceway near Wilmington, Del. Perhaps the champ was hurrying for his beer break when he won his 1977 debut at the $25,ooo Silver Anniversary Inaugural at Brandywine last 
Sunday by finishing the race in one minute 58 seconds — AP Wire­ photo 
Right now... when every penny Counts... count on FI SHER’S 
Sine furniture value! 

USE OUR 
REVOLVING 
CHARGE 

Fisher’s has got it . . . at unbelievable prices! Fashion and quality in a vast selection to make your home outstand­ ing. Here are a very few examples of the super values you’ll find store-wide. Exquisite sofa and loveseat combinations, dining rooms and much, much more including our fantastic 
‘‘Treasures of the Orient” imports. Come to Fisher's today and make shopping for furniture an enjoyable ex­ perience. You’ll be thrilled at the values, too! 

Gorgeous sofa with plump arm pillows and back. 
Upholstered in beautiful cotton print $ Jjk 
Reg. $ 5 59 ...Save $12o. . . . 
W ” 
• 

Matching loveseat. 
Reg. $479... 
^ a 
^ 

Save $1oo . 
^ 
3 
/ 
9 
* 

 jSZSsr. 

[Beautiful flame-stitch sofa with luxurious 8’’ thick seat and back cushions. 
%/k O 

Reg. $5 59 ...Save $1 2o . . . . " f r w Jr • 
Reg. $479...$ 

Complete 
8-pc DINING R O O M 

4 o °o O F F ! 
NAV E *51o 

Matching loveseat. 
Reg. $479.. 
Save $1oo... 
/—Treasures of rn Orient- 
Sensational “objets d ’art” from 
Korea, personally selected by 
Herb and Lucille Fisher 

Elegant dining at a low, low price. From the “ Oxford Street” collection. 
Magnificent 8 piece set includes splendid “ Beauty Shield” mar-proof ex­ tension leg table with one 18“ leaf, six chairs with beautiful velour upholstery, and gorgeous lighted china. 
S T F V I 
Reg. $1259...4o% off. . .Save $51o.................... 

Exquisite double but­ terfly chest. Beautiful reproduction of an an­ tique original. 
Richly grained teakwood with ornate brass accents. 
Enchanting fish locks on doors. 
Usual U.S. price.. .$56o. 
Fisher’s direct im port price 

*335. 

Open Daily 1o-6 Thurs. 1o-9 
(Closed Sundays) 

145o N.E. loop 41o 
/lf R/f fl ti f/k WM I /I 

 pdistinctive home furnishings 

4 
- 
, o f san antonio 
Phone 824-o575 

25oo B ro a d w a y 
1218 S.W. Military 
DIAMOND EARRINGS 

 i/i4 ct *29 1/3 ct MSO 

 l/io ct *45 3/8 ct *153 

1/7 ct *54 1/2 ct *179 

1/6 ct *67 2/3 ct *27o 

1/5 ct *88 3/4 ct *324 

1/4ct*1o8 let 
A37 f 

DIAMOND 
SOLITAIRES 

3/4 Ct............ '162 1 58 O...........‘648 

3/4 Ct................’268 l i r a ..............’987 

3/4 Ct................‘323 1 77 Ct 
’1347 

3/4 Ct................’358 7.o2 Ct. mq . . . ‘1o79 

3/4 Ct................‘378 1-7o Ct 
‘2699 
„ 
LOOSE DIAMONDS 
U 5 C t ........... 
6 4 8 
ON SALE ALSO 
LADIES’ LED 
WATCH 

5 FUNCTION 

• HOUR 

• MINUTE 4ij£ 

• SECOND 
• DAY 

• DATE 
99 

MEN S LED WATCHES 

ALL METAL CASE AND 
BRACELET • YELLOW 

6 FU N CT IO N 

• HOUR • MINUTE 
• SECOND • DATE 
• DAY * MONTH 

Not exactly as shown 

 r n 
99 

COMPLETE COMPONENT SET 
A M /F M STEREO RADIO WITH 8 TRACK 
PLAYER AN D FULL SIZE BSR CHANGER 

T I 

Air suspension duo cone speakers 
17"HxlO"Wx5'D. 
Sugg. Retail 

$224.95 19999 

8-TRACK STEREO 
TAPE PLAYER WITH SPEAKERS 

179-o85 

Sugg. Retail 

$74.95 3 9 *® 
NORELCO MICRO-WAVE 

Microwave Oven with Dial:A-Meal. 
Diol-A-Mtal' indicates the exact cooking times for olmost anything you want to make. Automatic duol power — low 245 Watt foe Automatic Defrost and delicate foods and 
6oo 
Watt for full microwave power Bell signals end al cooking time ond the oven shuts off automatically. Large capaci­ ty easy to clean stainless steel oven. Oven light 
•toys on during cooking cycle. 
Attractive woodgrain ond chrome design will i kitchen decor. 

I 
! 

R4ooo 

I compliment any 

Sugg. Ret. $429. 
279®“ brother ELECTRIC 
MAKE CORRECTION WITHOUT CHANGING 
CASSETTE RIBBON 

I 25-OOT 

SUGG. RETAIL $299.95 

Cassette ribbon system ... hands never have to touch the ribbon, full 13" carriage. Rower electric carriage return. Electric repeat backspacer. Instant set visible margins Three elertrn r 
1--- “ h a 
M k set visible margins Three electric repeat keys. BB 
I fill fll 
J8 J3 character office keyboard. Variable line spacer, I. 
J ;,f - m'w 
I ,/t, 2 Types up to B sheets of paper at a time 
I 
H 
A 
Deluxe heovy duty molded carrying case. 

BOTH DISCOUNT STEREO STORES ARE 
CLOSED SATURDAY, OPEN SUNDAY 
FOR THE BIGGEST STEREO SALE OF 
THE YEAR. SAVE ON ONE-OF-A- 
KIND, DEMOS, CLOSEOUTS, 
ETC. DOORS OPEN AT 
^ £ 
1o A.M. SHARP— 
^ 
DON’T MISS IT! 
^ 

SUNDAY 
ONLY 

A Q AM-FM IN DASH MOUNT o o AUTO cassette 

• Fast Forw ard 
• U niversal M oun tin g 

1 o - M O N T H 
L A Y A W A Y 

6624 SAN Pf ORO 
NIXT IO PIZZA HUTi P ~ * ^ 
8 24-7 296 
- 

MARBACH PLAZA 

( M i l i t a r y Of W at M a r b a r h Rd ) 
6 7 4 - 7 5 2 3 

Jones and Cole Doty of SMU both a p p e ared to have ju m p ed th e g u n , which auto m atically disqualifies the sp rin te r. The T exas sta r, who even­ tu a lly ran a 9.33, ca m e out of th e blocks. The sta rte r, however, said Doty initiated the false starts. 
“ I started to fall forward and when that happens, they will usually stand you up and sta rt over,” a disappointed 
Doty said. “ I tried to hold m yself up, but I ju st co u ld n ’t. I t’s a big d isa p ­ pointm ent b ecau se this was a g re a t day to run the IOO.” 
‘‘In the IOO, the guy (Doty) next to m e kinda nudged and m oved, and I 

Cage-y 

The Spurs have raised all ticket prices $1 and added a fourth ticket range, the club announced Friday. 

Tickets now cost $8, $7, $6 and $4. 
Previously they cost $7, $5 and $3. 
All floor level endzone seats, which previously cost $5, were raised $2 to create the fourth ticket range. 

Computerized renewal forms for season ticket holders were put in the m ail Friday. May 31 is the renewal deadline, the club said. 

A season ticket holder w ill be entitled to 41 home gam es and two exhibition gam es, while the half­ season ticket holder will be entitled to 22 regular season gam es and three exhibition contests. 

For further ticket information call 224-9578. 

TELEVISION 
Saturday 
11:3o a.m. (Ch. 4) — Ara Parseghian’s Sports. 
I p.m. (Ch. 4) — Grandstand. 
1:15 p.m. (Ch. 4) — Los Angeles Dodgers vs. New 
York Mets. 
3 p.m. (Ch. 5) — Colonial National Invitational: 
Third-Round Play from Fort Worth. 
4 p.m. (Ch. 5) — CBS Sports Spectacular: High­ lights include first annual International Invitational 
Track and F ield M eet from Jam aica, and H ea­ vyweight and Lightweight Bouts from the World 
Full-Contact Karate Championships. 
4 p.m. (Ch. 12) - ABC’s Wide World of Sports: 
Live Coverage of the First Day in the Indy ‘5oo’ Time 
T rials; Six-R ound Junior W elterw eigh t Bout between Olympic Champ Sugar Ray Leonard and 
Willie Rodriguez. 
6 p.m. (Ch. 41) — Wrestling. 
7:3o p.m. (Ch. 9) - The Way It Was: 1964 Stanley 
Cup Playoffs, Toronto Maple Leafs vs. Detroit Red 
Wings. 
IO p.m. (Ch. 41) — Boxing. 

Sunday 
12:3o p.m. (Ch. 5) - NBA Playoff Game. 
12:45 p.m. (Ch. 41) — Soccer. 
I p.m. (Ch. 4) — WCT Singles Final 
2:3o p.m. (Ch. 12) — The American Sportsman: 
Bing Crosby, P hil Harris and Curt Gowdy Hunt 
Geese in Maryland; Guide Christopher Plummer 
Leads Most Extensive Underwater Ship Excavation 
Ever Known in Search of 17th-Century Spanish Gal­ leon in the Bahamas. 
3 p.m. (Ch. 5) — Colonial National Invitational: 
Final Round. 
3 p.m. (Ch. 41) — Knockout: Boxing Highlights. 
3:3o p.m . (Ch. 12) — World Invitational Tennis 
Classic: Martina Navratilova vs. Virginia Wade. 
4 p.m. (Ch. 4) — Grandstand. 

RADIO 
Saturday 
7:2o p.m . (WOAI, 12oo) — Houston Astros vs. 
Pittsburgh Pirates. 

Sunday 
1:5o p.m. (WOAI, 12oo) — Astros vs. Pirates. 
John by 4 

ASSOCIATED (HESS 
FORT WORTH - Longshot John 
Schroeder, who had been playing so poorly he’d entertained thoughts of quitting the tour, parlayed a deadly putter and what he called “a bunch of lucky breaks” into a five-under-par 65 that staked him to a bulging, four- stroke lead Friday in the second round of the $2oo,ooo Colonial National Invi­ tation golf tournament. 

“ I ’m as surprised as you a re ,” the bem used 
Schroeder said after posting his 131 total, nine under p ar for two trips over the usually-tough, 
7,19o-yard Colonial C ountry C lub course. It tied the tournam ent record for 36 holes. 

✓ FRIDA V S SCORES, 
7C 

“ I really got lucky,” said the 31-year-old son of fo rm er W ilm bledon tennis cham pion Ted 
Schroeder. “ Basically, th a t’s w hat it is. And when you’re putting good, like I am , it kind of inspires you.” 

 surge wins 

ASSOCIATED PRESS 
HOUSTON - Philadelphia ig­ nited its lightning running game behind Doug Collins’ 36 points to defeat Houston 1o7-95 Friday night and put the Rockets within one game of elimination in their 
National Basketball Association playoff series. 

C o llin s, h eld to n in e p o in ts in 
W ednesday night’s 118-94 Houston vic­ tory, hit IO straig h t points in a brea­ kaw ay fourth period when the 76ers 

BULLETIN 

PORTLAND (A P ) — A 14-4 spurt la te in the third q u arter powered 
Portland to a 165-1o1 victory over Los 
A ngeles Friday night at Mem orial 
C oliseum to give the B lazers a 4-o sweep over the Lakers in the Western 
Conference finals. Portland will play the winner of the Philadelphia-Houston series for the NBA title. 

 broke from a 78-78 tie to take a 9o-82 lead with five m inutes to play. 
Up until that point the Rockets, who now trail 3-1 in the best-of-seven E as­ tern Conference cham pionship series, had played on even te rm s w ith the fast-break-oriented Philadelphians. 
P hiladelphia em erg ed with a 76-74 lead after ll lead changes in the third qu arter and w ere leading 78-74 at the sta rt of the fourth period. Two jum p shots by H ouston’s M ike Newlin tied the score for the fin al tim e and the 
76ers Caldwell Jones put Philadelphia ahead for good seconds later 8o-78. 
George M cGinnis and Julius Erving then hit baskets before Collins ran off his IO consecutive points to blow the 
76ers to i 94-86 lead. 

P H IL A D E L P H IA (1 o 7 ): 
E r v in g l l 
7 8 29. 
M cG in n is I 1-4 3, C Jones 2 2-4 6, Bibbv 8 3-5 19, 
Collins 14 8-11 36, D aw k in s o C O o, Dunleovy 2 2-2 
6, M ix 4 O O 8, Totals 42 23-34. 
H O U ST O N (95): M alone I 3-4 5, Tom janovich IO 
4-4 24, Kunnert IO 1-4 21, L u c a s 7 2-2 16, M u rp h y IO 
2-2 22, Johnson o O O o, D. Jones o 2-2 2, Kennedy o 
o-o o. Newlin 2 1-1 5, Ow ens o o-o o. Totals 4o 15-2o. 
Philadelphia 
22 27 27 31— 1o7 
Houston 
26 25 23 21— 95 
Total fouls— Philadelphia 23, Houston 28. Fouled out— Murphy. A — 15,676. 

6x9 
Auto Speakers 

2o oz. Cone 
Coaxials 
3” Tweeter 
DISCOUNT PRICE 
SUNDAY ONLY 

Dream ing 

AUSTIN - There is no doubt that Marshall’s Jam es 
Headley agrees whole-hear­ tedly with songwriter Kenny 
Nolan’s point of view in his recent hit sin g le, “ I Like 
Dreaming.” 

All Headley did F riday w as threw the discus 191-8 for a first place in th e AAAA d iv isio n of th e T ex a s schoolboy trac k and field m eet and a city record. 
The real work took place T hurs- 

Steinke cuts grid ties 

SPECIAL TO THE EXPRESS-NEWS 
KINGSVILLE — Gil Steinke, who has one of the best coaching records (182-61-4) and has been one of the most honored coaches in the nation, announced he is resigning as head football coach at Texas A&I Univer­ sity. 

Steinke will continue as athletic director and professor at the 
South Texas university. 
Steinke has served as athletic director and head football coach at Texas A&I for 23 years and during this tim e his team s have received m ost of the honors available to a college division team . 
The Javelinas currently hold a 39-game winning streak, longest 

 active collegiate skein in the nation and longest victory streak ever for a team in the NAIA or Texas. It is the second longest collegiate m ark in history. 
A&I has put together th ree consecutive undefeated seasons, posting a 13-o-o record in 1974, a 12-o-o m ark in 1975 and a 13-o-o record last year. 
The 1974, 1975 and 1976 team s led the nation offensively and last fall’s squad set a national record for m ost yards gained during a season (6,269) and another m ark for m ost offensive yard s per gam e (569.9). The U niversity of Oklahom a had held both records. 
The squad has won th ree consecutive national NAIA cham ­ p io n sh ip s an d th re e s tr a ig h t L one S ta r C o n feren ce title s . 
Steinke-coached te am s have won six national college division 

 titles — 1959. 1969, 197o, 1974, 1975 and 1976 — and the 1968 team was national runnerup. The team has taken IO LSC cham pion­ ships. 
A&I’s 14-1-o post-season record under Steinke is one of the best such records in the nation. 
Steinke’s team s also have been well-traveled. The 1976 team was selected for an exhibition tour of E urope and played in W est 
G erm any, A ustria and F ra n ce . It also has played n u m ero u s gam es in Mexico, has appeared in Hawaii and has played team s from 2o different states. 
Steinke has been national NAIA coach of the year four tim es and has been Am erican Football Coaches Association district coach of the year twice. 
GIL STEINKE 
. . . recurds galore 

Nan Antonio 
Express 
I 
SPORTS 

Saturday M ay 14 1977 
Page 
I -L Record broken 

By MIKE BRUTON 
OF THE EXPRESS NEW S STAFF 
AUSTIN — Johnny who? 

While Lampasas’ Johnny Jones, now in a Texas Longhorn uniform, was busy setting a Southwest Conference record in (he 
22o at 2o.14, Columbia’s Carl Williams was erasing his name from the state record books in the AAA division of the Texas schoolboy track and field meet Friday night at Memorial Stadium. 
Texas 

AUSTIN — Johnny “ L am ” 
Jones of Texas set a record in the 22o-yard dash during open- ing-day festivities in the South­ west Conference track and field meet at Memorial Stadium Fri­ day. 

The Olym pic gold m edalist burned the cinders for a 2o.14 in the 22o preli­ m inaries. The m ark erased the record of 2o.7 set by Billy F oster of SMU in 
1965 and tied by Bay­ lo r’s Ronnie A llen in 
1969 and A&M’s C urtis 
M ills in 197o. 
Texas A&M held the narrow team lead with 
25 points a fte r th re e field fin a ls. 
T he 
Aggies have 25 points, 
Texas 22, Houston 19, 
T exas Tech 12, SMU and Rice 6 each, A r­ kansas 2 and Baylor I. 
T exas, how ever, is in the best position. The opportunistic 
Longhorns qualified ll individuals for 
14 places. Also, Texas has Jones. 
The Aggies, led by Curtis Dickey and 
Shifton B aker, qualified five individ­ uals for seven places. Rice had nine for 13 places in the running events. 
The running finals will start at 7:3o p.m. Saturday. 
Cecil O verstreet of Houston won the long jum p with a 25-4V2 leap, southpaw 
Steve S tew art of A&M c a p tu re d the discus w ith a 189-1 toss, and F ra n k 
Lyons of Texas won the javelin with a 
231-1o effort. 
Jones had the best qualifying tim e in the 1oo-yard dash prelim inaries. But the L am pasas flash alm ost didn’t m ake the finals. 

J O H N N Y ‘L A M ’ JO N ES of T exas hits sand a fte r long lum p in Friday’s S W C m eet 

AP WIREPHOTO 
Sports on radio-TV 76er 

W illiam s seared the ta rtan surface for a 9.2 in the IOO and followed that p erfo rm an ce w ith an o th er record in the 22o at 2o.9. Throw in his anchoring of a third-place sprint re la y an d W illia m s w alk ed aw ay w ith high p o in t h o n o rs, s c o rin g 
23 of his team ’s 32 points. 
A nother state m ark was put in the wind in th e AAA ra n k s by 
G ilm e r’s Don C uba when he floated over the high ju m p bar at 

B re n h a m , w ith an 
BRUTON intim idating m ile relay which finished at 3:14.8, won the AAA team title with 
4o points, followed by Mike Mosely-led 
Humble at 37 and Columbia. 
W illiam s’ IOO record also erased the nam e of G alveston B a ll’s G reg E d ­ mond from the record book. He ran a 
9.3 in 1974 and previously shared the record with Jones. 
Southwest ended up sixth in the final tally with 25 points, scoring in all five events in which it had entrants. Je rry 

San Antonio EXPRE-SS-NEWS— Saturday M ay 14 1977 
Jr. Olympic ring tourney shifts site 

Bv K E V IN o K E E F FE 
O f THE EXPRESS STAPE 
The 1977 South Texas A.A.U. ment will be held May 27-29 
Haldeman, general chairman 
All ready 

LANDOVER, Md. (AP) - Muham­ mad Ali disclosed Friday that he has a distinct advantage over American fight fans in connection with his title defense against Alfredo Evangelista. 
Ali has actually seen Evangelista in action. 
“ I ’ve watched him on film,” Ali said while eating watermelon and grapes and drinking water out of a beer stein after a workout. “ A man from Spain sent it to me.” 
When asked what fight it was, Ali said, “ He won that one.” 
Evangelista lost his last fight, his first defeat after 13 wins and a draw. 
But the loss did not drop him out of the 
Top Ten rankings of either the World 
Boxing Association or the World Box­ ing Council and Monday night the 
Uruguayan-born Spanish citizen will fight for the heavyweight champion­ ship of the world at the Capital Centre. 
The scheduled 15-rounder will be part of an ABC television tripleheader. 

Van A m races 
Stock car and midget car action will top Saturday’s programs at 
Pan American Speedway. The gates open at ti p.m., time trials begin at 
7, and the races start at 8. 

S A TU R D A Y 
Pro Baseball: Sari Antonio Dodgers vs Mid land. V .J Keefe Field. 7:3o a iii 
College Track: Southwest Conference Meet, 
M em orial Stadium , Austin 
Hiqh School Track: Bovs' State Meet, M em or­ ial Stadium, Austin 
High School Baseball: See oage IC to r results and schedule 
Motorsports: Drag Racing, Alam o D ragw av, 7 
D rn 
Stock Car racing, Pan Am erican Speedway. 8 p in 

.Junior Olympic Boxing Tourna- at Alamo Stadium Gym, John for the tournament, announced 
Friday. 
Boys’ Clubs of San Antonio will sponsor the event for the third straight year. However, this year the tourna­ ment has been moved from one of the city clubs to ASG. 
“ The participation, attendance and interest has risen to the point of mov­ ing to a bigger place,” Haldeman said. 
“ We expect to have 2(H) or more kids in the tournament.” 
3 days 
Competition in the three-day affair will include Junior Division (1o-11), 
Intermediate Division (12-13) and Sen­ ior Division (14-15) only. Any male meeting the required age classification 
(as of April 15) will be eligible. 
A team of Intermediate and Senior 
Division champions from the San 
Antonio Tournament will go to Shre­ veport to compete in the regional tournament June 11-12. The national tourney will be held in Green Bay, 
Wise., .lune 15-18. 
“ The Boys’ Clubs have stayed in­ volved in this program because we want to see the kids get proper coach­ ing,” Haldeman said. 
Releases 
Applications and parental releases for the S.A. Tournament must be completed and submitted to Alton Sa- penter, Boys’ Clubs of San Antonio, 
2525 West Ave., no later than 5 p.m. next Tuesday. The weigh-in will be 
May 27 at IO a.m. at the Westside Cal­ deron Boys’ Club, 6oo SW 19th. 
Tickets for the fights will be $3 for ringside and $2 for general admission. 
The ducats are available at the 
Eastside Boys’ Club, Southside Boys’ 
Club, Calderon Boys’ Club, Boys’ Clubs 
Central Service Office and the area military bases. All bouts begin at 7 p.m. each night. 
“ We feel with the proper promotion the Junior Olympics could be as big as the Golden Gloves,” Haldeman claimed. 
Golf hiring 

NORMAN, Okla. (AP) - Robert O. 
Smith, former Big Eight golf cham­ pion at Oklahoma, has been named the university’s golf coach and manager of the university golf course. 

MIKE AYALA, le ft, squares o ff w ith Rodolfo M artin ez during Friday cam era session p h o t o b y j o s e b a r r e r a 
Galvan hurt, pulled off 
Ayala card 

Promoter Tony Padilla has made a substitution on his Tuesday night boxing card, scheduled to begin at 
8:3o p.m. in Municipal Auditorium. 
Gilbert Galvan of S.A. has had to withdraw because of a knuckle separation suffered while sparring with local amateur Tony Ayala, Jr. 
Galvan was to face Augustin Estrada, who TKO’d 
Galvan in the first round a month ago. Now, Robert 
Vasquez of S.A. will go against Estrada. 
Vasquez was to meet Jose Luis Hernandez. Now, 
Tony Aranda of S.A. will face Hernandez. 
The main event will have San Antonio’s Mike 
Ayala defending his North American Boxing Feder­ ation super bantamweight title against Rodolfo 
Martinez of Mexico. 
OU boosters to m eet 
The OU Booster Club will have a meeting p.m., May 21 at Jay High School cafeteria. 
Guest speakers will be coach Barry Switzer and 
San Antonian QB Thomas Lott. Meeting is open to the public at no cost. 
Captain selected 

MILWAUKEE (AP) — Butch Lee, second team 
All-American guard, has been appointed captain of 
Marquette’s defending national collegiate basketball champions. 
“ I see Butch as a quiet leader, not a rah-rah type of guy. He’ll serve as a buffer between myself and the other players,” said Hank Raymonds, who earlier this month formally succeeded Al McGuire as the Warriors’ head coach. 
The 6-foot-1 Lee, a senior-to-be from New York, led the Warriors in scoring last season with a per game average of 19 6 points. 
'N 

' ' A i 
■% 

 lf 
: 
J 

\I. 

I 
I ‘ i IN 

 f 
Af 

* ugt e a 

Gant takes you to the courts in style 

When it comes to.tennis fashion, let* 
Gant serve. Here, a machine washable cotton knit shirt with navy and red collar trim tops easy-care polyester/cotton white shorts with navy terry pockets. 

Shirt in sizes S, M, L, XL, 
1 6 .5o 

Shorts in even sizes 3o-4o, 
16 .5o 

Ruidoso opens season 

RUIDOSO 
DOWNS, 
N.M. — The 31st season of horse racing begins 
Saturday at Ruidoso 
Downs. 
Seventy-one racing days are lined up for this season as compared to 67 last year. 

Board 

And the track will fea­ ture a new, full-sized totalisator board this season. The new board cost Ruidoso officials 
$1oo,ooo. 
Last year a total of 
$26,538,532 went through the betting equipment and the dial daily aver­ age was $396,o97. 
“ From the way things are shaping up, I ’d say the 1977 season will sure­ ly continue this momen­ tum,” Ruidoso general manager Al Rosa said. 
“ The purse schedule is bigger than ever, the quality of horses is the best it’s ever been, our stakes purses have been increased substantially, and the enthusiasm among fans and horse­ men is tremendous.” 

Program 

Saturday’s opening- day program includes the elimination trials for the 
$125,ooo Kansas Quarter 
Horse Derby. 
Saturday’s feature is the Inaugural Purse for three-year olds and up. the Distance is six fur­ longs and the purse is 

$6 ,ooo. 
Expected entries in­ clude Time To Tell, Ta­ male Pie, Trail Driver, 
Tracy Dias, Luchi Star, 
Balcony Beau Jim and 
Jim ’s Shoe. 
The track schedule ba­ sically runs with a 
Thursday through Sun­ day pattern. 
The daily starting time is 1:3o p.m., except for 
Sunday which is I p.m. 

HOLE IN-ONE 

Paul Cummings aced the sixteenth hole at 
Brackenridge Friday. He used a five-iron to con­ quer the 156-yard hole. It was his second hole-in- one. 

Si mm rn 

7:3o’ 

Coming Sunday...One Terrific 
Reading Package from 
# the Sunday Express-News ti j—— 

IT’S A NICE 
JOB IF YOU 
CAN GET IT... 

Read How, With the “ Freebies" Congressmen 

 and Senators Get, It Costs Taxpayers $1.5 

Million A Year to Maintain Each one! All 

 the little extras our men and women on 

 the Hill receive mount up to a lot . . . 

Continues in the Express 

LINDY’S 
SOth 

Fifty years ago, 
Charles 
Lindbergh thrilled the world with his historic 
3 3 ’/2 hour flight from N ew York to 
Paris. 
Sunday the 
Express-News brings readers excerpts from 
Lind­ bergh’s journal, 
‘ ‘The 
Spirit of 
St. 
Louis,” in a special tribute to the famous aviator who polished his flying skills in San Antonio. 

THE BEHIND-THE-SCENES STORY 

OF H O W JEANE DIXON S FORE­ 

CAST 
OF A PLOT TO 
OUST 

JIM M Y 
CARTER 
IS 
COM ING 

TRUE! 

The first rumblings of a Democratic Party revolt against the President ere being felt in 

 the halls of Congress today. A full-scale political war is expected by fall. 

I- . 
The Star Reveals Who 
S O N N Y B O N O r 
J W m m L 
She Is, How Cher Feels 
ANNOUNCES 
[ _ 
E 
JR 
About It, How The 
HE’LL MARRY 
" C M I T M 
Marriage Will Affect 
AGAIN 
JI 
Their Act 

G eneral M o to r’s Cars of the 19 8 o ’s! 
And___ 
:XPRESS NEWS 
With ten new comics along with our hilarious regulars in one handy comic section! muses rn mmmmwmwm b (J BS vK IB £f v AUL Aav 

 our Way Sunday 

Son Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Soturdoy M ay 14 1977 
H 
P age 
3-C 
Kramer’s selection bothers Tarkenton 

Up in the cold country of 
Minnesota there are those who labor under the firm belief that 
Francis A. Tarkenton is one of the n ic est, m ost talented gentlemen ever to finger a foot­ ball. 

It might be far safer to snatch the purse of the M inneapolis mayor’s wife than to even hint that Sir Francis is not the black belt master of all quarterbacks. 
Had Tarkenton somehow led his 
V ikings to a Super Bowl win over Oakland last January he might now be canonized in cer­ tain areas. Something like St. 
Francis XI. 

In the last days of 1975 it was m en­ tioned here that F ra n ’s tem per fit on 
Dee. 28 in Bloomington was surprising, totally unexpected of such a heady old pro. 
T h at w as a fte r D allas n o sed th e 
V ikes 17-14 w ith R oger S ta u b a e h ’s celebrated “ Hail M ary” bomb to Drew 
Pearson in the final seconds. T arken­ ton rushed off the bench to re g iste r every type com plaint. From the side­ lines he saw things from a distance of 
5o yards that officials couldn’t detect from IO feet. 

Nothing wrong there. Most folks do howl and cry when they get beat in the last seconds of a crucial game. Espe­ cially when the defeat is delivered by a last-gasp, miracle shot. Nevertheless, from here it appeared that Tarkenton protested far too long and much too loud for a fellow who was nowhere near the play. He was the cheerleader who kept raising the fever of fans. Even after some lunatic bounced a whiskey bottle off the referee’s head Tarkenton continued, walking around the fallen official’s body to get to another official. 

D an C o o k 

Gridder dies 

CLOVIS, N.M. (AP) - Allan G ai­ n lie r of Clovis, N.M., a tackle for the 
B ritish C olum bia L ions’ C an ad ian 
F ootball L eague team , died of an apparent heart attack while driving 
Thursday, police said. 
G allaher, 27, was westbound on U.S. 
6o about 18 m iles east of F ort Sum ner in e a s te rn N ew M exico w hen he slum ped into the lap of Carl M ilburn, of Mountain Home, Ark., a passenger. 
The vehicle w ent out of con tro l, strik in g an em bankm ent, police re ­ ports said. M edical exam iner E arl 
Tubow diagnosed the cause of death as heart failure. 

Fran raced from one end of the field to another as he continued his protests for the better part of five m inutes. 
When th a t d isap p o in tin g behavior was reported here half a dozen M inne­ sota fans ru sh ed to T ark en to n ’s d e ­ fense, firing heated letters in this d ir­ ection. A “ D allas hom er” was one of the nicest accusations hurled at your sem i-friendly tour conductor here. 

Tarkenton’s actions were justified in the minds of all Minnesota faithful but 
Viking fans who read my reports—and opinions—of his lengthy outburst were unforgiving and unforgetting. Im a­ gine, some slob here in San Antonio taking verbal pokes at the undisputed king of the five-yard pass. 

. U n fo rg iv in g and u n fo rg e ttin g ? 
Y eah, th a t discovery was m ade this year. I retu rn ed from C alifornia and the Super Bowl. 
In som e of the dispatches filed from 
California it was m entioned that Ken vStapler had a better arm than T arken­ ton. That was one of the m ain reasons I picked O akland to beat M innesota. 

That brought a stream of protests. 
“ You always have hated Tarkenton” and “you continually knock this great athlete and fine gentleman” were high on the list of complaints registered here. So help me, I began to backtrack and wonder just what I had ever said or written against Fran. I mean be- 
Namath purchase debated 

LOS ANGELES (AP) - “ A q u arter­ back is only as good as his ca st,” says 
Los Angeles R am s Coach Chuck Knox. 
So what do Joe N am ath’s new team ­ m ates think about him ? 
“ I think it puts the players in an aw kw ard p o sitio n ,” says offensive tackle John W illiam s, a m em ber of the line the R am s hope can protect and revive a q u a rte rb a c k whose safety behind the New York J e ts ’ line bor­ dered on the absurd. 
“ We know P at Haden and Ja m es 
H arris and we don’t know Joe. That m akes m ost of us a little b iased ,” 
W illia m s sa id . “ I t ’s g o in g to be interesting to see how things develop. 
The move was a good one for Joe. Now he has a stronger supporting c a st.” 
The 34-year-old N am ath, still one of the N ational Football L eague’s g la ­ m our attractions eight years after he led the Je ts to their 16-7 Super Bowl III cham pionship over B altim ore, joined the R am s Thursday. 
He was put on w aivers by the Jets, who paid him $45o,ooo a year the past two seasons. He w ouldn’t say how m uch th e R a m s a re p ay in g him . 
N either would R am s ow ner C arroll 
Rosenbloom. 
Said W illiam s, “ If Joe is m aking a lot. of money it will cause dissension. I know (defensive end) Jack Y oungb­ lood has said he was going to ask for m ore m oney if N am ath was signed. 
“ And no one knows the intent of the organization. Is the job up for g rabs or is it Jo e’s? ” 
DITTMAR LUMBER so o open thi m oney sa v a ii:; 
SEGUIN MON.-SAT. WHERE CASH BUYS 
*ood T# AAtco 
ROAD 
7:3o TO 5 
AT WHOLESALE 

 ig n . T urn R ight to S e­ gu in Rd. Thor! loft To Our 
O at#. 

GENUINE STRONG BARN 
CORRUGATED IRON 
24!? 
Lowest Price Anywhere 
8 Length to 2o' ......... 

Best Quality First Grade 
#1 Cedar 
Fencing 
1x6-6'— 1.49 
2x4-8'— 1.99 
4x4-8'—4.99 

 ea. 

 ea. 

 ea. 

— BIG — 
BARGAIN 

SAVE 
MONEY 
ON 
ROOFING 
You Can't Buy Better Quality Roofing 
Than Our Tamko Brand— Period 
Colors same price as white 

24o# 
Seaidown Roofing 
14.95 
SQUARE 

3o# OR IS # FELT 
7.29 
ROU 

9o# ROOFING 
7.29 
ROU 

IOO# On. 
STEER ASPHALT 
5.99 
Bott Ovality 

Red Mist, Green Mist, Cedar Wood Bland, Brown Mist, White. 

PRICES GOOD THRU MAY 19 
DITTMAR LUMBER * 
5oo SEGUIN ROAD 
226-3141 

 sides that one piece about his temper fit. 

Tim e to take som e m ental inventory, it seem ed. Tim e to review the situation and, if necessary, back-pedal a bit and do a b etter job of presenting F ra n ’s num erous good sides. 
W ell, th a t w as th e g a m e plan anyway. 
Snubbing Kramer 

T here a re plenty of nice th in g s to offer on T arkenton’s behalf. To begin w ith, he’s a sh a rp businessm an who has a m a sse d a sm a ll fo rtu n e w ith co u n tless d ea lin g s and in v e stm e n ts outside the world of sports. 

He’s also the owner of a pleasant personality and, no doubt, still the king of scrambling quarterbacks. But then, there just aren't that many scrambling quarterbacks left in pro football. 

At any rate, these w ere am ong the 

 nice things labeled for future use when tim e a rriv e d to ag a in w rite ab o u t 
M innesota’s field general. 
But alas, the plan never got off the ground. 

In recent hours Tarkenton put a cold shoulder snub and the bad-mouth on one of our guys, one of the nicest young men ever to pursue a pro career. So here I am, back at the same old stand, 
“ continually” putting the knock on 
Frau. 

T ark en to n , d e sp ite his ra th e r a d ­ vanced age (37). obviously is upset that M innesota would “ w aste” its first draft pick to take a quarterback, San 
A ntonio’s T om m y K ram er. As F ran put it, “ we didn’t help ourselves at all in the d raft.” When a reporter asked him about K ram er, Tarkenton seem ed miffed at the question. You know, like 
“ K ram er who?” 
T h is, d e sp ite th e fact th a t m any 
M innesota headlines scream ed the se­ lection of the “ Rice R iflem an” the day a fte r the d raft. Com e to think of it, those headlines m ight be what chapped T arkenton’s tail. 

When asked lf he intended to help train Kramer Fran replied. “Nope, that’s not my job. I don't train quar­ terbacks.” Then, when reminded that 
Kramer had said how happy he was to be drafted by such a fine organization and how eager he was to get started learning under such a master as Tar­ kenton, Cran said, “ I’ll repeat, I don’t train quarterbacks.” 

In sh o rt, the v eteran V iking field general m ade it crystal clear how he felt ab o u t th e d ra ftin g of a n o th e r quarterback. 
Tom m y, in M inneapolis to talk con tract and visit the press, refused to be shaken by the snub of the old pro. The m ore barbs Frail dropped on K ram er the m ore sw eet sm oke Tom m y blew back into T arkenton’s ear. 

“Flit still learn under him, just by watching him ,” Kramer said. And then, with hat-in-hand and a hunk of hum ility. Tommy added, “ when there’s something that I have a ques­ 

 tion on FU certainly ask Mr. Tarken­ ton.” 

M innesota fans will never buy this but K ram er m ight he far better off if 
Tarkenton doesn’t teach him anything. 
Tom m y is not a scram b ler and never will be. His arm is already far stronger and m uch m ore a c c u ra te than T a r­ kenton’s was during his peak years. So if s really just a m atter of learning to read defenses and getting experience. 
F ran m ight be “ M r. Nice .Guy” to m any Minnesota m illions but without even looking h ard I keep seeing his other sides, 

 o TAUCH! BY NBA 
PLAYERS ANO COACHES o INSTRUCTIONAL 
BASKITBAU o COMPETITION ANO 
GAMES 

• AGES 8 18 

SAINI A N T O N IO 
• DAY CAMPER 
• RESIDENT CAMPER 
• GREAT MEALS 
• AIR CONDITIONED 
ROOMS 
• SWIMMING 
• WRITE OR CAII EoR 
COMPUTE 
INEoRMATIoN 
BASKETBALL CAMP 

G O B B A SS -D IR E C T O R 

1977 CALENDAR 

Arrive June S— Depart June l l (FILLED) 

Arrive June 12— Depart June 18 

Arrive June 19— Deport June 25 

Arrive June 26— Depart July 2 

Arrive July 3— Depart July 9 

Arrive July TO— Depart July 16 
ENROLL N O W FOR 
BEST SELECTION 
G E O R G E K A R L .INSTR. 

P.O. BOX 53o SAN ANTONIO, TEX 78292 512-224-4611 

All specials available at all 3 stores! 

.••••< 
•• 
• • ■>• v V<: : 
, it 
• 
HITACHI 

Power Play 
Cassette 

P o w erp iay un d e r-d ash that puts 24 w a tts of p o w e r in your car. Fast fo rw a rd a n d rew ind. Slide m ount in c lu d e d . S u p e r b a r g a in a t th is price! 
DYER 
DEAL 

In-dash AM/FM 
8-track Stereo 
With pushbuttons 
Five pre-set p u sh b u tto n s, d ia l-in - the-door styling, front-rear fader for 
4-speaker M atrix. 
DYER 
DEAL 
77 

In-dash AM/FM 
8-track Stereo 
N ever before h as a C ra ig in -d ash 
A M / F M 8-track car stereo been of­ fered at this price! These are b ran d n e w — not reconditioned units! 

DYER 9 fH j7 7 
DEAL 

Cassette 

CS- 
2 1 4 

Car Stereo 
• Fast forward & rewind 
• In-dash or under dash 

DYER 
DEAL 
77 

T iTechnics b y P a n a s o n ic 

SA- 
5o6 o 

12 watt per channel Receiwer 

O n e of the finest sm alt receivers is now on sale. 
T ape monitor, phono, auxiliary inputs, plus lou d­ ness contour. 
DYER 
DEAL 129” 

 ti is. iiO u^u— 
M-imMiMMMMiHiM. 
$ K E IM W O O P 
K R -5 6 o o 
Technics 

SA- 
576o 

. g t j NM T* 

4o wall per channel Receiver 

The most reliable receiver on the market is the KR-56oo by Kenwood 
A big 4o watts per channel plus FM Dolby, twin tope monitors, twin phone inputs, and super styling. 
DYER 
DEAL 

Calculator 
• True pocket size at 2 % inches w ide. 

• A ll fo u r fu n c tio n s p lu s p ercen t, 

 sq u a re roots, a n d 
Pi. 
• M em ory bank. 

• O perates 4 o o hours on one A A battery. 

• C ase included 
DYER DEAL 

Headphone 
Extensions 

• 25 feet 
• Coiled 

*268” 

9o-m inute 
Blank 
8-tracks 
NO LIMIT 
88* 

• a n is f t SJL 

165 watt per channel Receiver 

ABSOLUTELY THE LOWEST PRICE IN TEXAS! You ore not limited to one per customer! Dealers ore welcome! We give rain checks! 
77 
DYER 
DEAL $489 

DOKORDER 

M o d e l 814o 
2 /4 C h a n n e l 
Reel-to-Reel with Multi-Sync 
• Professional multi- track recordings 
• S o u n d -o n -S o u n d 
• Echo 

Vi* V? 

- i f 

/ii 

 hid ti 

DYER 
DEAL 
$ 4 
9 
9 
” 

 la WMMMBBM IIi 

^ K E N W O O D 

Complete System 

•K enwood 36oo Receive that detiv ors a big 22 watts per channel fea­ tu re s in clu d e re m o te sp eak er connections, tape monitor, high til ter. 

• Kenwood KD-1o33 belt drive turnt­ able with walnut base and hinged dust cover Hydraulically damped cueing Complete with $3o Picker­ ing cartridge 

• Two Uttralinear 2ooB three way 
S p eak er sy ste m w ith 12 inch woofer Circuit breaker protected 5 year parts and labor guarantee Your choice of grides 

Separately $689 8o 
SYSTEM PRICED 
*479” 

 ll I ii! ! : 

$ • t t. t. £ * ■ 

S a n s u i 

Complete System 

• Big Sensu* 6o6o Receiver delivering a full 4o w atts pw channel makes this the system of a lifetime Mio input tape monitor, and input for 
Dolby NR or 4-chn adapter. EM muting plus high and low filters. 

• Fully automatic Garrard 775 record player is famous tor its trouble-free performance. Complete with base, dust cover, and Pickering magnetic cartridge 

• Two powerful Ultrahnear 225 Studio 
Comparator speakers Three way with 12 inch woofer, circuit breaker protected, five year parts and labor guarantee Fill your home without emptying your pockets! 

Separately $959 8o 
SYSTEM PRICED 
*699" 

$ KENWOOD 

Complete System 

• The Kenwood KR 66oo receiver out performs everything else in its class 
With 6o w atts per channel from 
2o-2oH*. with no more than o.3% total harmonic distortion 

• Garrard 99o6 belt drive turntable is as versatile as it is beautiful Use as single or multi play Complete with base dust cover, and Shute M9ILD cartridge 

9 

► Big 15 inch woofei plus throe other speakers make the Ultralinear 26o worth their $3oo price tag, Com pletely circuit bleaker protected and J five year unconditional wairanty 

Separately $13oo.65 
SYSTEM PRICED 
*899"!C 

I dyer electronics warehouse 

Bm k Americmo 

 r n 

818-2231 
IU ' M 
' \ 

► a y * — 
1 

 l a k e e a i M 
I ill mm 

N * San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS—-Saturday May 14 1977 
Lam flies 
Praise 

Continued from Page IC 

 fame out,” Jones said. “ I have always been told when you get set you can’t move. He moved, then I moved, so it was his jump. 
“ I didn’t know if the long jump had taken anything out of me or not. I knew 
I was tired. Somebody came in the shower and told me I had a record in the 2oo. 
“ I felt good in the 22o,” Jones con­ tinued. “ I dicn’t let up. I think the competition had something to do with that. All the way down the backstretch 
I could hear somebody coming, so I couldn’t let up.” The Aggies suffered another blow when ace sprinter Ray 
Brooks pulled up lame in the 1oo-yard dash. Brooks was a 9.4 century man. a 
2o.4 dashman in the 22o and anchored 
A&M’s sprint relay team. 
“ We still have an ounce of hope.” 
A&M trainer Billy Pickard said. 
“ We'll have to replace Brooks with 
Carl or Kent Figgs. We’ll miss 
Brooks.” 
“ Well, it looks like I ’ll have to get IO points in the IOO,” said A&M’s Curtis 
Dickey, who qualified for the event in 
9.53. “ All I have to do is beat Johnny 
Jones.” 
The meet had its first controversy as 
Charles Taliaferro of Texas, who qua­ lified second, seemingly pushed Bay­ 

 lor’s Phil McClendon off the track in the first heat of the 88o-yard dash. 
“ There was a lot of jostling going on, 
I was hit two or three times during the race,” said McClendon, the Bear sen­ ior who had scored in each of the last three years. I got knocked down. I don’t know if I was pushed intention­ ally or not, but I didn’t just fall.” 
“ Phil was never anything but in the second lane,” said Baylor Coach Clyde 
Hart, who filed a protest. 
“ The official said Phil moved over, but I don’t think he did. The Texas runner pushed my guy in the back to get him out of the way. The Texas Tech runner (Mark Freeman) said Talia­ ferro had been pushing and jostling all the way around. However, I didn’t ex­ pect the protest to be hpheld — not down here.” 
Texas is seeking its sixth straight 
SWC outdoor title. 

A U ST IN (A P ) — Here are the sum m aries tor 
Southwest Conference track meet flnols F rid a y : 
Long Jum p — I. Cecil Overstreet, Houston, 25 4 j. 
2. Jim M acAndrew, Texas Tech, 24 to. 3. Je r r y 
Moore, Texas, 24 7 4, Johnny Jones, Texas, 24 4 ',. 
5. John Akhile, Texas, 24-2(4. 6, Greg Caldw ell, 
Houston, 24 O' 4 . 
Discus— I, Steve Stewart, A&M , 189-1. 2, M ark 
Baughm an, Houston, 181 8 
3, Rob G ra y , SM U , 
18o 8 4, M arc Taylor, Tech, 174-3. 5, Fran k West, 
A&M, 172 6. 6, Randy Scott, A&M, 17o11 

Javelin —I, Frank Lyons, Texas, 231 IO. 2, Mace newsom e, A & M 217-2, 3, B ru c e A tkinson, R ic e , 
2o6 IO. 4, Hoot Gibson, A&M, 2o2 3 S, Steve P ick e rt, 
Arkansas, 198 6. 6, John Jeffery, Baylo r, 193-9. 

I HOUR GOLF 
G ran d O p e n in g Special 

HAVE FUN! 
SAVE MONEY! 

QUICK PLAY COURSE OPENING 
SA T., M A Y 14 

AT M O LOCATION 

Balls Furnished — Golf Carts Available 
1st ROUND $2.oo — 2nd ROUND $1.oo 
I obi ■ ■ ■ hi VALUABLE COUPON a m a a bk 
I HOUR GOLF 

1-1o and loop 41o Phone:349-1375 I 
4 $ | O O O F F on one round — 
■ 
QUICK PLA Y COURSE I 

■■ I P ■■ ■■■■■■■■ HH ■■WB5J 

Soccer tilts 

NEW YOHE (AP) - 
The League of Ireland championship 
Sligo 
Rovers will play five games in the United 
States in a tour under the auspices of the American 
Soccer League, it was announced Friday. 
The Rovers will meet the New England Ocean- eers May 22 in provi­ dence, R I. and May 25 in 
Boston. They face the 
New Jersey Americans at 
Wall Township, N.J, May 
3o, the Cleveland Cobras at Cleveland June I and the Shimano Soccer Club at Allentown, Pa., June 
4. 

 o f the fallen 

By HARRY PAGE 
OF THE EXPRESS NEWS STAFF 

AUSTIN - “ That kid is so­ mething else.” 

That’s what David Markert of Baylor had to say following Marshall’s James 
Headley’s record-breaking 191-8 throw in the Class AAAA discus. It was Mar­ k e r s record of 185-2 that Headley broke. 
“ At least I held the city record for one year,” said Markert, the former 
Lee trackman. “ I don’t feel bad for records are made to be broken. ” 
Markert finished eighth in the 
Southwest Conference discus with a 165 toss. But Markert may have done bet­ ter if he had fully recovered from a knee injury. 
“ I hurt my knee about three weeks ago doing leg squats with the weights,” Markert said. “ I started throwing well again about a week ago. 
I guess I didn’t have enough time to get it all back together.” 
“ David lost his quickness on his start,” said Que McMaster, a Baylor assistant coach. “ He just didn’t have it. That injury really hurt him. . . he lost .everything.” 
Well, as one Baylor backer noted, 165 isn’t bad for a freshman and Markert will be back next year. 
Other former San Antonio schoolboy performers did well but didn’t qualify for the finals. 
Texas’ Derrick Hatchett, formerly of 
Jay, finished fifth in his 22o-yard dash heat with a 21 34 clocking, and fifth in his IOO heat with a 9.83 performance. 
A&M’s Ron McGonigle, another Jay alumnus, was sixth in his 44o-yard heat with a 48.61 clocking, and Aggie Lane 
Mitchell, formerly of Alamo Heights, was fifth in his mile heat with a 4:o9.45 performance. 
More than ever before 
' ***** ’ '&*■; 
* ■%- " *\ - y't :-v\ 
*, 
’ fep* *&>' v ‘ 
’ . f'A 
Communications Etc. sets the paw 
Quality, Service, and the lowest prices iii San A n t o ­ nio. Take advantage: of these special sale prices to-' day- - ■ 
' .7 V 
7. 
A-rwJ 

LKKTU K UU 
WATT J 
(JETT* 
MMUTWt 
ORTA TIM m v nu 
MMC4ToA x 
» m r * l 
RF GAW 
. 
(FOUND oat o 
\ OKUM ars) 

'"'r tem - - • m M % 
—ai 

AUDICOM 
2 3 Channel 

“ T he Best 23-C hannel 

B a rg a in A v a ila b le " 

Rocksprings 
Hellers roll 

SPECIAL TO THE EXPRESS NEWS 

AUSTIN — Rocksprings (letters had a big clay 
Friday in the CIL State Tennis Tournament, placing both doubles teams and one singles player in the 
( lass B state semifinals Saturday morning on the 
University of Texas courts. 
Here are all of Friday’s first-round results: 

S IN G L E S 
Class AAAA 
Reed Freem an. Dallas Highland Park , del. DDon W eber. Clear 
Creek, 5 7, 6 4, 6 2. L. D Crum ley, Corpus Christi King. def. Scott 
Kobren, El Paso Coronado. 7 6. 7 5; David Dowien, Houston Lee, del. 
Foul Crozier 
CorDus Christi King, 6 1, 6-4, u a vis Zim m erm an, 
Abilene Cooper, def L a rry Hill, Mesquite. 6-3, 5 7, 6 2. 

Class AAA 
Kevin Jackson, Andrews, del Sam Elliott, G rap evin e 3 6, 6 J, 6-4; 
Bort Bernstein 
Wharton, def. Ja y H arkins, Taylor, 6 t, 6-1; Jo e 
Logner. West Columbia, del. Russ Angell, K e rrville T ivv, 4-6. 6-4, 
6 3; Todd Kent, Canyon, clef Dan Rasor, Terrell, 6-3, 6-3. 

C la s s AA 
Mike t iciiuui ut.. u u iK u ii, aet. Roger W atson, Alpine. 6 1. 6-3; 
Robert Cocanougher, Decatur, del 
John Sedlacek, Sh arylan d. 6 1, 
7-5; Jeff White, Van, del David Petty. Pe a rsa ll, 6-3, 4 6, 6-3 
Ronnie 
Schneider, Ozona, del. Brian Fowler, W aco Robinson, 6-1, 6-o. 

Class A 
Keith Pettewav. Franklin, dot Tim Leh m b erg l Mason, 7-5, 6 3. Lee 
Templeton, W ellington, def. Jo h n n y C am , T h ra ll, 6-1, 7-6; G a ry 
Gardner, Junction, del. Henry Rodriguez, W inona, 4 6. 6 4. 6-1; Rusty 
Shudde, Sabinal, def Tim Garland, New Deal, 6-2, 6-4. 

Class B 
Keith Edw ards, Rocksprings, del. Clint Avtes, Goree. 6 1. 6 4, Je ff 
Moffett, Colmesneil, def. Ron Rudv, Turkey V alley, 7 6, 6 4; M artin 
Lechugo Tornillo) del. John Num ber, High Island. 6-1, 6-1, N orris 
Hodyin, Tilden, det Tony Carter, Rule, 6-3, 4-6, 6 3. 

D O U B L E S 
Class AA A A 
Richard Holmes Jo se E ive ra, El Paso Irvin , det. Chris Doane Talbot 
Davis, Dallas Highland Park , 6-3, 4 6, 6 1; M artin Saldana Victor 
Longoria, CC M iller def. Cliff Cowley Dennis W illiam s, PN G roves, 
4-6, 7 6. 6-3; W ayne SerpaScott Luckav, CC R ay . def. Tom m y Cheath­ am Don Eobertson, Beaumont Forest P a rk . 6 3, 6-1; Jo h n Low Dan 
Cooper, D allas H igh lan d P a rk , del. R o b e rt D a v is- S te v e W y a tt, 
Lubbock Coronado, 4 s, 7-6, 6 2. 

Class AAA 
Danny Ronauille M ark Y ag er, Hum ble, del 
Scott W agner-Tony 
Gibbs, Nonahans, 2 6. 6 3. 7 5. Steve Ahem Jim A lcnan, Rockport- 
Fulton, def 
B ra d Keith Rusty Phen is. H end erson, 6 3, 6 1; K elly 
Zetak Brod Frazier) Taylor, det. Robbv Wolf W ade Bow lin. Rockw all. 
6-2. 6-4; David W eb bRusty Conw ay, Sem inole, def. Glen Johnson- 
David Holimon, Houston Kina, 6 o, 6 3. 

Class AA 
G ary Peppers G a ry Thomas, Hughes Springs, del Tim Dougher 
Dee Belford, Sour Lake, 6 1. 6 2; Craig C arter Chop Love. Colorado 
City, def. Carlton Riggs Cully V ick e rs. P e a rs a ll, 6-1, 7-6; Ja m e s 
Luedecke-Daryl Fitzgerald. Columbus, def. Kent Kasling-Eddie G rey, 
Hughes Springs, 6 4, 6 7, 6 3; Ivan Solis D avid Fleuriet, La Fe ria , def. 
Donny Fry-Howard Noore, Lockney, 6-3, 6-4. 
Class A 
Seott Siegm und Jo h n T ay lo r, A ledo, dc* 
“'■•nyne-Mark 
Veltman, Brackettville, 6-3. 4-6, 6-3, Donnie W eeks I om W alker, Baird , def. Tiger Shoem ake P e rry Nelson, D ew eyville, 6 2, 6 2; Ja y Hooe- 
D trek Baker, M arfa, def. L o rry M orris Steve Blalock, Harleton, 6 1, 
6 2; Davis Ramos-Trini Gonzales, Junction, def. Jim m y Perez-O scar 
Ehzaide, Woodsboro, 6-o, 6-o, 

Class B 
Tom m y H a rris T e rry D ay, Santa Ana, det. H om er E e e d K e lly 
A rm strong. Celeste. 6 2, 6-1; A m aro V illa r r e a l P h illip P o la c io . 
Rocksorings, def. David Strange-Gary Turner, Silverton, 5-7, 6 3, 7 6; 
G a ry H atley B lit! E d w a rd s , R o ck sp rin g s, def. M a rk L e e R o g er 
Nunnelev, Saint Jo, 6-o. 6-3, Antonio Lech ugaSergio G a rc ia , Tornillo, def. Joe Barrera-Johnny B a rre ra , Old G lory, 7-5, 6-3. moue FERRUMS. 
KORODY)! Eva SEER 
PLASTIC RUST! 

& Reg. 
267.95 
BL now •139" 

• Large Illum inated S RF meter • Delta Tune • 
RF G ain • P A /CB • Large selector Dial • Trans­ mit and Modulation Readout • 5 watts & IOO mod. 

W hen these 4o-channel "Top N am e " sets go— They re gone for good Limited quantities. O ne per person please 

F t-B ET O 
' w 
^ROTWltf 
-ASTC FINIS* 

The low est Ny gam 9 price in town Limited 
Quantities. 
MIDNIGHT 
SL MADNESS 
T V * 
SALE 

DOORS WILL 
STAY OPEN TIL 
12-MIDNIGHT, 
SATURDAY, 
MAY 14, 19 77 

Other unadvertised specials on every make and model of 
CB radio car stereos and accessories now in stock! See us 
NOW!! 

F L EC. TD 

 itfM M i 
PLASTIC FINISH 

83o1 Speedway .............. 349.4465’ 712o Military Dr. W. ..... 673*8o81 
1437 SU L Military Dr 
922*2726 
1319 Northeast Loop 41o .. 822-1571 
5318 San Pedro .................. 824 91o3 
Also in Corpus Christi 

Ferrothane Plastic Finish with Rustaid ' gives metal surfaces around your house protection against rust and corrosion. It covers metal surfaces, new and old, and needs no primer. It protects and beautifies with a colorful high-gloss finish while it keeps rust out! New from the maker ofVarathane’ 
Liquid Plastic. 

The Flecto Company, Inc. 
PO. Box 12955, Oakland, CA 946o4 

TO STOP RUST...USE FERROTHANE. 

State meet 

BOB HOPKINS 
. . . Sonic chief 
Sonic job to Hopkins 

SEATTLE (AP) - Bob Hopkins, who says he could have handled the job 
“ six or eight years ago,” finally rose to the top Friday when he was named to replace Bill Russell as head coach of the Seattle Supersonics of the National 
Basketball Association. 
The 42-year-old Hopkins was given a one-year contract by Sonics’ president and principal owner Sam Schulman, who last week reached agreement with 
Russell to buy out the fifth and final year of Russell’s $25o,ooo annual con­ tract as the club’s coach and general manager. 
“ Over the last three years, he (Hop­ kins) has operated under severe and difficult conditions...but he met the challenge and deserves the chance and support to do it on his own,” Schulman told a news conference introducing his new coach. 

Continued from Page IC 

Dockum finished fifth in the 88o at 
1:56.2., Ken Jenkins could only manage a fifth in a swift HK) at 9.7, Ken Cooper leaped 24-3 % for a second in the long jump and added a sixth in the 22o at 
22.5 and the Dragon mile relay, com­ posed of Cooper, Willie Martin, Dock­ um and Jenkins, took third at 3:19. 
Marshall’s James Headley produced 
San Antonio’s only champion Friday by breaking a city record and winning the AAAA . division discus at 191-8. 
Headley, who had a best of 184-6 prior to this meet, said, “ This is the best week I’ve ever had working out. 
It’s like a dream.” 
It was the first UIL state track crown won by a .San Antonio performer since 
Millard Neely of Brackenridge won the shot put title in 197o. 
South San West’s Willie Knowles came up with a third in the high jump, clearing 6-6. “ I tried my best,” said the Rice University-bound senior. “ I just couldn’t get up there.” 
Jenkins 
Southwest’s Jenkins, who ran a 9.5 last year as a freshman, made a very truthful comment about the record- setting IOO race. 
“ It was fast,’’ the sophomore sprinter said just minutes after walk­ ing off the track. “ Man, they were moving.” 
Behind Williams was Bonham’s 
Mitchell Bennett (9.3), Humble’s Mo- sely (9.5) and Atlanta’s Phillip Epps 
(9.6). 
“ They got out front,” Jenkins said of his opponents’ swift start. “ And they kept it up there. I couldn’t gain any ground on them.” 
Cooper, who had a previous best in the long jump of 23-7 l/i, put it all to­ gether to surpass top jumpers Arthur 
Bettes of Channelview and Mosely. 
Better 
“ I hit the board better,’’ said 
Cooper, who has had problems on his approach. “ Usually, I get tense be­ cause I think I ’m going to scratch. 
Today, I just relaxed and tried to do my best." 
It was also a good meet for several teams and individuals from South 
Texas. 
Yoakum’s sprint relay, with David 
Chapman. Roger Holmes, Ronnie 
Hights and David Sorrell doing the running, brought home a second in the 
AA action with a 42.5. 
Also aiding the Bulldogs’ cause was 
Sorrell in the IOO with a second-place 
9.8 and Ronnie Stubbs vaulted 12-6 for a sixth place. 
Bryan Orth won the AA 44o at 48.2 and anchored Floresville^ second- place mile relay (3:2o.3) to put his team in fourth in the overall standings with 26 points. Also running on that unit were Jeffrey Kinney, Arthur Ro­ bles and Kenneth Matthews. 
Yoakum finished right behind 
Floresville in the team standings with 
24 points. Rockdale won the AA di­ vision with 46 tallies, with Rooks’ Ler­ oy Dodd taking high-point honors at 21. 
Hays Consolidated^ Steve Brown was third in the AA 12o hurdles at 14.3, while Devine’s Billy Hoover took se­ cond in the mile at 4:25.8. 
The only other champion from the 
South Texas area was Cotulla’s Mike 
Whitwell, who high jumped 6-8 *4 for a gold medal. 

A U ST IN (A P ) — H ere ore the sum m aries o* 
Friday s events at the state schoolboy track and field meet. 
C LA SS 4A 
LONG JU M P — I. Britt Courville, G alveston Ball. 
23 8. 2, David Ricketts, Corpus C hristi C arro ll, 
23-41*. 3, Fre d Hoyt, Baytow n Lee. 22-11'?. 4, 
Jim m y Turner, Sherman, 22-11. 5,Stanley Jack son , 
Seguin, 22-2‘*. 6, Daniel King. Odessa Perm ian , 
21-11’ ?. 
Discuss —I. Ja m e s H eadley, San Antonio M a r ­ shall, 191 8. 2, Harold Ledet, San Angelo. 185-4. 3, 
M ichael C a rte r, D allas Je ffe rs o n , 181-5. 4, Dan 
Hunter, Et Paso Burges, 172-2. S, Conw ay W heat, 
Burleson, 171-7. 6, David Taveirne, Austin Lan ier, 
167-7. 
C LA SS 3A 
LONG JU M P —I, L a rry Sutton, Odessa E cto r, 
24 7’4. 2, 
Ken Cooper, San Antonio Southwest, 
24-3*4. 3, Arthur Bettes, Channelview, 24-1. 4, M ike 
Moslev, Humble, 23 IO-*. 5, T erry P e rry , Bonham , 
23-2’ 4. 6, Willie Houston, Mount Pleasan t, 22-8A* 
Discus-1, Jam es Heiman, Fred ericksb urg, 185 9. 
2, Billy H ardaway, Lubbock Dunbar, 181-2. 3, Jo el 
Rhyne, Corpus C hristi Tuloso-M idw av, 165-1. 4, 
David Tem ples. Mount P leasan t, 162-3. 5, K e rry 
Mathews, Freeoort Brazosport, 155-11. 6. Kelly Jo 
Spurlock, Levelland, 155-9. 
44o R e lay — I, Bonham , 41.3, Ronn ie B rin le e . 
Lonell Ptiea, Milton Brown, M itchell Bennett, ties class record, Lubbock D u nbar, 1968, Lubbock 
Estacado, 197o. 2, Morlin, 41.4. 3, West Columbia, 
41.5. 4, Lubbock Dunbar, 42.1. 5, Mount Pleasan t, 
42.2. 6. Lubbock Estacado, 42.5. 
88o— 1, M a rcu s M artin , B re n h a m , 1:54.8. 2, 
Rolando Montalvo, Sinton, 1:55.o. 3, Robert Lyle, 
Katy, 1:55.4. 4, David Nix, Burkburnett, 1:56.o. 5. 
Je r ry Dockum 
San Antonio Southwest, 1:56.2. 6, 
Frank Hall, Seminole. 1:58.8. 
12o Hurdles—I, M ike Moslev, Hum ble. 13.6, new class record, old record 13.8, D a vid D u n can , 
Gilm er, 1975. 2, Billy Busch, Hum ble, 13.8. 3, T erry 
Peel, Jefferson, 13.9. 4, Kenneth Keller, Levellan d, 
14.o. 5, Je ff Schultz, G rego rv-Po rtlan d , 14.t. 6. 
Matt Cawthon, Belton, 14.2. 
1oo—1, Carl William s, West Columbia, 9.2, new state record, old record 9.3, Greg Edm ond, Gal veston Ball. 1974. 2, Mitchell Bennett, Bonham , 9.3. 
3, M ike M oslev, Hum ble, 9.5. 4, P h illip Ep p s, 
A tlanta, 9.6. 5, Kenneth Je n k in s , San Antonio 
Southwest, 9.7, 6. Alvin Woodard, Odessa Ecto r, 
9.8. 
33o H u rd les — I, R ic k e y T h o m as, B e a u m o n t 
South Park, 37.o, ties class record. Chuck C arr, 
Richardson Berkner, 1975. 2, Billy Busch, Hum ble, 
37.8. 3, D a rre ll B a k e r, P e rry to n , 38.3. 4, Je ff 
Schulz, Gregory Portland, 38.8. 5, D anny Dixon, 
Fort Stockton, 38.9. 6, Harold F ran k lin , G ain e s­ ville, 39.4. 
Pole Vault— I, Chris Duhon, Brenham , 15-o. 2, 
G ary Lankford, Taylor, 14-6. 3, Jim m y Faulkner, 
Levelland, 14 6. 4, Chris Shelton, Mount Pleasan t, 
14-o. 5, Ricky Rice, Snyder, and Donnie Pa vlisk a , 
Liberty, 14-o. 

C LA SS 2A 
LONG JU M P —I, David Forcev, Lulling, 23-3’ ?. 
2, Derrick Collins, Elgin, 23-lJ *. 3, Glen Young. 
Linden Kildare, 22-8'?. 4, R icky Sanders, B re ck enridge, 22 7. 5, Chris Obera, Frenchip, 22-3'/?. 6, 
Ernest Bailey. Tahoka, 22-1 J <. 
Discus— I, Tom Bushong, Allen, 182-2, new class record, old record 175-11'?, Glenn G asp ard , East 
Chambers, 197o. 2, Jim Acker, F re e r, 172-6. 3, K e rry 
Locklin, Rockdale, 17o-5. 4, K e rry Adkisson, Lak e 
D allas, 168 7. S, Jim Sm ith erm an , C ra n e , 152 6. 
Steve Kowalski, Laredo United, 1547. 
Shot— I, C arlos Scott, W a lle r, 6o-8'*. 2, Jim 
A cker, F re e r, 57-5J *. 3, Tom Bu shon g, A llen, 
57-1 '*. 4, Don Woodard, Hooks, 56-4'j. 5, Lew is 
Slewart, Rockdale, 56-3. 6, Robert Pratt, Olney, 
57-9(4. 
Pole Vault —I, John Holman, Spearm an, 14 6. 2, 
W ayn e M cK ee, Colorado C ity, 14-o. 3, R ob e rt 
Luetge, Rockdale, 13-6. 4, Luther Lee, Palacios, 
J3-6. 5, Dan Crocker, Grand Saline, 13-o. 6, Ronnie 
Stubbs, Yoakum, 12-6. 
44o R e la y — I, R o ck d ale, 42.1, G a r r y W h ite , 
Sam m y Bran ch , Don M ille r, Don W e sle y, ties class record. Fo rt Worth K irk p a tric k , 1968. 2, 
Yoakum, 42.5. 3, Hooks. 42.7 4, Dim m itt, 42.8. 5, 
Floydada, 43.o. 6, Boling, 43.1. 
88o— 1, Todd Harbour, Port Isabel, 1:52.4, new class record, old record 1:53.8, bv H arbour, 1976. 
2, Steven White, Slaton, 1:56.1. 3, M ike H arkins, 
Elgin, 1:56 6. 4, Rusty S u m m e rv ille , D a lh a rt, 
1:57.o. 5, Gregg Harbour, Port Isabel, 1:57,5. 6, 
Lozano, Clyde, 1:57,5. s 
12o Hurdles— I, Ricky Roberson, New London 
W est R u sk. 13.8 
2, L lo y d H o ld e r, P a le s tin e 
Westwood, 14.o. 3, Steve Brow n, 14.3. 4, Kenny 
Faith, Decatur, 14.6. 5. Ruben Sald ivar, Olton, 14.7. 
6, Roy Sanders, Taft, 14.9. 
1oo—1, Leroy Dodd, Hooks, 9.7, 2, D avid Sorrell, 
Yoakum , 9.8. 3, Don W esley, R ockdale, 9.8. 4, 
Curtis C arter, W eim er, 9.9. 5, E rn e st Je n k in s, 
Powderly, 1o.o. 6, Michael Haltom, Quanah, 1o.o. 

C LA SS A 
LO N G JU M P — I, Dwayne Jones, M art, 23-9'. 
(Conference record. Old record 23 8A* bv Fred d y 
Fleming. Som m ervilie, 1973). 2, D avid O verstreet, 
Big Sandy, 23-3A*. 3, Danny Terrill, Brazos, 23-'? 
4, Charles Rifer, Honey Grove, 22 5>*. 5, David 
Thomas, Troy, 21-9J.. 6, Doug Strait, G ran ger, 
21-8 J *. 

4 ;* W f 

IIP*' 

I 
* 
JAM ES HEADLEY 
. . . champ 
Dream fling 

Continued from Page IC 

 day night while the Marshall senior was asleep. 
“ It was strange,” said Headley. 
“ Last night I had a dream and it ended right when I stepped in the ring to throw.” 
The dream continued in a real sense Friday, when on his sixth and final throw with the event already won, Headley sailed the disc farther than he had ever thrown it in his life. 
San Angelo Central’s Harold Le­ det registered a best of 185-4 on his final throw, but Headley had al­ ready reached 189-8 on his fifth throw with another attempt left. 
“ He (Headley) realized he had it won,” said Marshall Coach Don 
Hardin. “ He just relaxed and let it all out and it flew. I ’m the happiest man on earth right now. This is my first state champion.” 
“ I thought I could do it,” Headley commented on the final record- breaking throw. “ I wanted to get my best throw off. It was like the dream. All the same people and everything was there.” 
The old city record was set at this same meet a year ago by Lee’s Da­ vid Markert with a second place toss of 185-2. Markert competed in the Southwest Conference discus event for the Baylor Bear, but did not place. 
The greatest psychologists and psychiatrists have been baffled by that psychic phenomenon called the dream. 
In Nolan’s song, the reason why he liked dreaming was to be able to have the woman he loved. Headley just wanted to win the AAAA title in the discus throw. 
By the way, Nolan got his idea for writing his latest hit from a dream. 
The song went on to win a gold re­ cord for selling a million copies. — 
MIKE B K I TON 

Discus— I, Parnell Lvkes, Hull Daisetta, 17o ll 2, 
Ricky Brown. M art, 169 ll. 3, Toby H are, De Leon, 
157 7 4, Rusty Shoulders, Sunray, 146-11. 5, Randy 
Welch, Pottsboro, 14o-8. 6, M ario M artinez, Peters bury, 14o-4. 
C LA SS B 
LO N G J U M P - ! , K evin F r y , T o la r, 211. 2, 
Ja ck y Taylor, Dime Box, 2o IO *. 3, W infred Miles. 
Prairie Lea, 29-6'?. 4, Bobby cM atlock. Westbrook. 
2o J'* . 5, Carlton Henderson, W ilson, 2o-3-**. 6. 
B«bhy Robbins, Tom Bean, 2o-3J *. 
D ISC U S— I, Jim Verden, W heeler, 183-5, (co n ­ ference record, old record 163 2 set bv Richard 
Stafford, M atador, 1958). 2, Dane M ayfield , S il­ verton, 175-3. 3, Danny Plem ons, Lorena, 162-1. 4, 
Van Hughes, Axtell, 155 o. 5, Mike Sm ithev, Italy, 
139-7. 6, M erer do Salinas, Rochester, 134-1. 
D evin e tough 

SPECIAL TO THE EXPRESS-NEWS 

AUSTIN — Devine’s Jerry Collins was the top medalist in the state Class 
AA golf championships which ended 
Friday afternoon at Morris William 
Golf course. 
Collins had a two-day total of 152, just a single stroke better than Mar­ shall Merritt of Decatur and Bernie 
Neff of Sourlake.Hardin-Jefferson. 
C LA SS AAAA 
Team Sco rin g : 
D a lla s H igh lan d P a rk 6o5, 
Austin L B J 611, C le a r L a k e 612, San Angelo 
Central 616, Conroe 619, Lubbock 623. Denton 623, 
Corpus Christi King 635. 
Individuals: 
B a rry Ratcliff, Clear Lake, 145; 
Doug Nelle. Austin L B J , 147; M arshall Brow n, San 
Angelo Central, 149. 
C LA SS AAA 
Team Scoring: 
Fort Stockton 627 (won playoff), 
•Humble 627, Athens 632. Pecos 639, W aco M idw ay 
65o, Brownwood 651, W estlake 656, Roundrock 673. 

 individuals: 
Blaine M cAllister, Fo rt Stockton, 
149, Richard Rankin, Pecos, 151; Ed Catlin, 151. 
C LA SS AA 
Team Scoring: 
D ecatur 623, Sourlake Hardin- 
Jefferson 626, Devine 634, W illis 646, Boling 662, 
Senora 666, Olny 676, Joshua 733. 
Individuals: 
Je r r y Collins, D e vin e, 152; M a r s h a ll M e rritt, 
Decatur, 153; Bernie Nett, Sourlake Hardin-Jef- ferson, 153. 
Devine (634): 
Collins, 152; Stan Ellinger, 156, 
Jeff Minton, 162; 
Richard Russell, 164; D arw in 
Blakemore, 2o7. 
C LA SS B 
Team Scoring; 
Throckm orton 69o, Bronte 722. 
Holland 723, Sterlin g C ity 737, Salad o 76o, O ar rouzett 785, St. Jo 787. Campbell 828. 
In d iv id u a ls : 
G re g S c a rle tt, T h ro c k m o rto n . 
77 84—161 (won sudden-death playoff on third hole), 
Kenny Hartline, Campbell, 81 8o— 161; Greg Good night, Hollins, 8379— 162. 

C LA SS A 
Team Scoring. 
Rankin 657, Mem phis 669, Clifton 
675, Bullard 68o, Three E lve rs 684, Robert Lee 699 
Edgewood 7o8, Ganado 736. 
Individuals: 
D avid Burden, Clifton, 76-79— 155 
(won sudden-death playo ff on th ird h o le). Don 
Cater, Memphis, 78 77— ISS; Je ff King, Edgewood, 

Three R ivers (684): David M urphy 82-81 — 163; 
Glenn 
Robbins, 
8o-83— 163; 
Kenny 
Robbins 
85-9o— 175; 
Ronnie 
Huegler 
93-9o— 183; 
Todd 
House, 1o8-1o8—216. 
Blalock shares lead 

BALTIMORE (AP) - Jane Blalock, who had to withdraw from an LPGA tournament in Atlanta last week with a sore back, fired a four-under par 69 
Friday and shared the first round lead with Silvia Bertolaccini in the $55,ooo 
Greater Baltimore Golf Classic. 
Hollis Stacy, who notched her first tournament victory last week in At­ lanta, was in a 13-way logjam at 77. 
Communications,Etc. 

Outdoors with Dan Klepprr 
Bank 

I' 
M V h V 
Some good news for the birds 

San Antonio E X P R E S S - N E W S — Saturday M ay I 4 I 9 7 7 

> 
' o u inmiiiiai"' rut u n ii — i i i n r 

There’vS good news for birds of the world. Scientists have dis­ covered how to sex a bird with­ out using an uncomfortable probe. 

Now, that bit of news might not turn on the average bird hunter or bird watcher, but apparently it’s pretty important to folks interested in breed­ ing endangered bird species in capti­ vity . . . not to mention the birds themselves. 
The discovery will be discussed dur­ ing a seminar in avian sexing tech­ niques next Wednesday, Thursday and 
Friday in Houston. 
Grog Mengden, research associate at the Houston Zoological Gardens, has modified a technique used to identify tile sexes in mammals for use in birds. 

The method involves cell investiga­ tion which, according to Mengden, 
“ greatly reduces the stress formerly placed on birds during the physical probing necessary to accurately deter­ mine sex.’’ 

One developing feather is pulled from the bird’s tail. Chromosome ma­ terial from the feather is treated and examined under a microscope to dis­ close the sex of the bird. 
Mengden, a San Antonio native, says the method is useful in sexing look­ alike males and females such as cranes and parrots so that proper pairing and mating can be accom­ plished. He also thinks the technique could lead to sperm banks for the pro­ pagation of rare species through artificial insemination. 
A black powder two-shooter 

Still on the subject of good news. 
Trail Guns Armory of Houston is building a double-barreled muzzle- loading rifle called the Kodiak MK-1 for black powder burners. 
The company says the MK-1 is the only modern muzzlcloading rifle that has two side-by-side barrels. 
And, just in case you want one of the barrels smoothbore, Trail Guns has that, too. The MK-1 is available in .5o caliber, .58 caliber and .5o caliber/12 gauge combination. 

QconVERSE 

A IL ST A R S 

* 12” 
D O W N T O W N 
21 I N. ST. M A RY ’S 
PARK FREE WITH PURCHASE 
NORTHSIOE 
PERRIN BEITEL AT LOOP 41o 

The rifle has a hooked breech and a barrel wedge which secures the barrel to the stock. This design provides ra­ pid takedown and interchange of three standard 28-inch barrels the company manufactures. 

The two-shooter has folding leaf rear sights with an adjustable ramp front sight and is drilled and tapped for an optional folding tang sight. The rifling in the rifle barrels is a five-groove right-hand twist designed to stabilize either mime bullets or patched balls. 
The percussion locks have a half-cock safety. 
The locks, top tang and trigger guard are engraved. The walnut stock is hand-checkered at the wrist and forearm. 
The MK-1 isn’t the most inexpensive muzzleloader on the market. With rifle barrels it sells for $385. The rifle/- shotgun combination is $36o. Extra ri­ fle barrels are $2oo, extra combination barrels, $175. Shotgun barrels are $125. 

Saturday short shots 

Last Saturday I reported receiving a letter from the chief of the office of fishing at Don Martin lake in Mexico which contained the following infor­ mation: 
I. Don Martin is closed for the spawning season until June 3o. 2. 
However, sport fishing is permitted if sport fishermen go to the office of fishing at the dam and get a free spe­ cial permit. The permit is required in addition to a regular Mexican fishing license. 3. The official boat launching fee at Don Martin is IOO pesos. 
Now, that doesn’t seem too compli­ cated, does it? 

Well, some fishermen from West 
Texas didn’t find it quite that simple last weekend. First, they went to the dam and paid $8 to a game warden for tertia lpermission to go fishing. 

Then they drove to Romanio’s camp at the head of the lake to launch and go fishing. Shortly thereafter the game warden sought them out, “ revoked’’ the verbal “ permit” and told them they couldn’t fish at all. 
The fishermen got the impression there is friction between the warden and Roman­ io’s camp. The latter, as far as I know, if the only camp on the lake. 

LEISURESPORT 

The fishermen had in their possession Mexican fishing licenses, which they purchase annually. 

And they said there was no mention of a launch­ ing fee in their conversa­ tions with the warden. 

NOW 
IN 
PROGRESS 

SIZES ARE BROKEN, BUT INCLUDES OUR FAMOUS 
RANGE, FROM 38-6o IN REGULARS, LONGS, EXTRA 
LONGS, PORTLY, SHORT PORTLY, LONG PORTLY. 
CASUAL SUITS 

. O 
O 
> 7 o 
Were 59.5o to 25o.oo............... A 
7 to 
M W 

 fam ous m ake SUITS some w/vests 
$59 
Were 1oo.oo-1 2o.oo . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 
— 

Were 125.oo-14o.oo . . . . . . . . . . 
*69 

Were 145.oo-16o.oo ........ 
*79 
* 8 9 
Were 165.oo-175.oo .............................. 

$ 9 9 
Were I 85.oo up . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 
— ^r 

• NO ALTERATIONS 
• AU SALES FINAL 
• SHOP THURSDAYS 1o-8 OTHER WEEKDAYS & SATURDAYS TOiOO lo 5;3o 

4515 FREDERICKSBURG ROAD • MAJOR CREDIT CARDS • 734-72o9 

ASSOCIATED WESS 
PHILADELPHIA — The Phi­ ladelphia E agles, who m ort­ gaged their future on the play­ ing field by trading away futile draft choices, are coming up short financially because of in­ terest owed on a $1o.5-million bank loan. 

First Pennsylvania Bank, which fin­ anced two loans that enabled trucking magnate Leonard Tose to buy the ma­ jority share of team in 1969, plans to increase its control over the club’s finances. 
The National Football League team, which has had only one non-losing season in the past 15 years, reportedly lost $5oo,ooo last season despite filling 
Veterans Stadium. 

“ I don’t know how many loans the bank has. But if we’re not among the top two or three as far as being paid is concerned, I ’ll be surprised. We’re not last in those standings,’’ General 
Manager Jim Murray said Friday. 

Nancy Foltz, a public relations offi­ cial for the bank, confirmed the bank would like to see more financial re­ sponsibility from the Eagles, but re­ fused to go into specifics. There was also no word on what steps would be taken to tighten the bank’s control. 

“ We don’t comment on our loan re­ lationships because they are confiden­ tial,” she said. Murray and Tose also refused to discuss specifics. 
Tose, a free-spending sort who flies around in a green-and-white heli­ copter, is rumored to have personal money problems. He considered un­ loading the team last season, but his reported asking price of $2o million chased away prospective buyers. 

ROBERT RODRIGUEZ, former South Son Antonio playing for the Nuevo Laredo Tecolotos in the AAA 
All-American outfielder, offers some batting tips to 
Mexican League. He is hitting .369 after the first 

 a Laredo Little League team. Rodriguez is now five weeks of the season. 
TL manager suspended 

LITTLE ROCK (AP) - Marty Mar­ tinez, manager of the Tulsa Drillers of the Texas League, was suspended Fri­ day for five playing dates for his fight with a fan earlier this week. 
Texas 
League President 
Carl 
Sawatski said Martinez had been su­ spended for “ conduct not in the best interest of baseball.” 
The suspension begins Friday and continues through May 19, Sawatski said. Tulsa has two open dates during that time. 
The incident occurred in the ninth inning of a game between Tulsa and the Arkansas Travelers Tuesday night 

 at Little Rook. 
According to published reports, 
Martinez left his third base coaching box and grabbed a fan sitting in tho front row of box seats. Martinez re portedly pulled tho fan onto the field and started hitting him 
Players from both sides broke up the fight. 
The fan was identified as Jerry 
Sterling of North Little Rock. 
"I was just sitting there yelling at the third base coach (Martinez) and he came over and pul Id me out of the seats and started hitting me,” Sterling was quoted as saying. “ While he was 
Kuhn backs 
Feeney rule 

NEW YORK (AP) — Baseball Commissioner 
Bowie Kuhn Friday supported National League 
President Chub Feeney’s refusal to allow Atlanta 
Braves Owner Ted Turner to act as manager of his ball club. 
After at least two telephone conversations with 
Turner, Kuhn issued a statement backing Feeney’s decision based on Major League Rule 2oE which prohibits either manager or players of a club from holding stock or ownership in their teams. 
“ I have been asked by the Braves to review yesterday’s decision of President Feeney regarding 
Ted Turner,” Kuhn said. “ I ’m satisfied that Mr. 
Feeney’s disapproval of the Turner coach’s contract should stand. Given Mr. Turner’s lack of familiarity with game operations, I do not think it is in the best interests of baseball to serve in the requested capacity.” 
Petty on pole 

DOVER, Del. (AP) — Richard Petty won the pole position Friday for Sunday’s Mason-Dixon 5oo stock car race, but said the No. I spot doesn’t necessarily mean good things are in store for his red-and-blue 
Dodge. 
“ I ll tell you better Sunday afternoon how the car’s running,” Petty said as he relaxed atop his truck after a 136.o33 mile-an-hour lap at Dover Downs 
International Speedway. 
Fast Indy speeds seen 

INDIANAPOLIS (AP) — No one expects a four-lap average of 2oo miles an hour, but 15 drivers predict at least one lap of 2oo during Indianapolis 5oo qualification s beginning Saturday. 
Veteran Wally Dallenbach, current U.S. Auto Club leader in point standings, is the most optimistic of the 27 drivers who participated in an annual track- side poll. 
Dallenbach, whose own best efforts through most of the week of practice were in the mid-19os, said he expects to see someone hit a fast lap of 2o3.ooo, with an average of 199.ooo capturing the pole position. He sees the slow speed of 184.ooo still making the race. 

COUPON 

 w 
| j | 
|T 
| b 

TRIP FOR TWO* 
■ ■mil 
■ W ilk I WWW# 
.. .P L U S O TH ER P R IZ E S 
MOTOR OIL SALE 

. k v o i l 

72159 3o W HPQ (High Detergent! 

KRAco S TRA C K STEREO A M / F M RADIO 

Tape deck and radio Solid state 

Fits in dash. (Speakers extra) 

 in the box I had asked him, ‘Why don’t you speak English?" 
Arkansas 
I ti i rd baseman Jim 
Riggleman told Arkansas manager 
Buzzy Keller that several fans iii the box seats “ had been on him ( Martinez) all night. There was a lot of profanity and they were talking about him speaking Spanish all the time." 
Sawatski also said in his brief state ment that Traveler officials had been told that uniformed policemen at the games must be “ alert for any irregu­ larities that should occur during the game and notify management imme­ diately." 

COUPON 

8 EXCITING DAY S I N ITALY/ 

ROME FLORENCE NAPLES/POMPEI I/ 
SO R R E N T O you'll see them .ill i* you're LM® LUCHT WINNER Refuter / at any participating Bull Parts 
FLR I INK ASSOCIATE thru June 3o. 1977 
No pureilate necessary » 

AC SPARK PLUGS I 
7 9 * 
BUY 7... z 
GET 8 th 
FREE! | 

 ic RESISTOR I 
PLUGS f f 
89 

 ea.’ 

A 
Oc 
“O o 

 ea. 

Mfg. Sugg List $139.95 
SALI*69,s 
7fHID5faOB 
■ 
I 

Prices m ay vary am ong AC-DHco out lots, 

O ■ ■ ■ ■ ■ ■ ■ ■ ■ ■ ■ ■ ■ ■ ■ ■ ■ ■ ■ ■ ■ ■ ■ ! 

Save 2o 

On this 
I] multi-purpose h deaning product from Union Carbide 

Regular Price 
$2.17 
Sale Price 
$ 1.97 your 
2o<t Coupon 
.2o 
PRICt 
Your Price 
$1,77 $1-77 

•emrn rtf*»<* 

STORE C O U PO N 
MR. DEALER, for prompt Cloyment of this coupon, please send to Union Carbide 
P.O. Box 1o86. Clinton, Iowa, 52734. You will be paid 2oC plus 5C handling, provided coupon is redeemed in accordance with our consumer offer. 
Invoices proving purchase of sufficient stock to cover coupons submitted must be shown upon request. 
MR. & MRS. CONSUMER. Void wherever prohibited, restricted, licensed, or taxed. 
Cash value I /2oth of I C Limit one coupon per customer. Good only on 
PRESIONE TUFF STUFF, GREASE EATER and 
ENGINE SCOUR. Any other use constitutes fraud Expires September 1,1977 
2 llh 
STORE NAME 

1oo,ooo AUTO PARTS 

(AU LOCATIONS) 

Special prices AND if you BUY 3 ... get 4th Shock 
FREE. 
Buy 3 . . . 
I ed 
Get 4th FREE! 
[ 

SALE PRICES GOOD THRU MAY 31, 1977, AT THESE PARTICIPATING BULL PARTS FUl IT n E ASSOCIATES: 

o yMOHROE? 
1 SHOCK SALE 
I M 
H 

I c.,; 

■ 

Ii 

BUY 7... 
GET 8th 
FREE! 
I 
I 

MONRO MATIC 

YMONROEY 
GRIPPER 

Full one inch bote 

S U P E R 5 o o 

EXTRA HEAVY DUTY S 
’ 

* 2 o ’* . i s 
Buy 3 
4th 
WMOHROEY FREE! 

SAN ANTONIO ASSOCIATES 

BAR AUTO PARTS 
214 3 Cincinnati 
734-7241 
BAUM ANN AUTO 
SUPPLY 
5311 Jackw ood 
6 8 4 -5 7 1 3 
BLANCO CAR PARTS, 
INC. 
4 9 1 3 Bianco Rd. 
3 4 2 -5 2 6 8 
BLL AUTO PARTS 
54o1 W alzem Rd. 
6 5 7 -o 2 9 o 
HANCE AUTO PARTS 
So. Flores at Sussex 
9 23 -4 3 2 4 
LARRY’S AUTO PARTS 
(NORTH) 
4611 M cCullough 
826-9681 

LARRY’S AUTO PARTS 
(NORTHEAST) 
1o8o6 Pert in Beitel Rd. 
657-o161 
MONTGOM ERY AUTO 
PARTS 
6 87 7 M o n tgo m e ry Dr. 
6 5 6 -9 5 o o 
MOTOR MART (s o u t h ) 
2422 I. Southcross 
5 3 3 -8 1 o 3 
MOTOR MART (e a s t ) 
512 So. W .W . W hite Rd. 
3 33-719 1 
MOTOR MART (n o r t h ) 
1951 Babcock Rd. 
3 4 9 -o 1 o 3 
RITTIMAN AUTO 
PARTS 
4 72 3 Rittim an Rd. 
6 5 3 -9 3 o o 

W AYNE BULL CAR 
PARTS 

179o Austin Hw y. 
8 2 6 -3 2 o 3 

4 o 2 Austin St. 
2 2 5 -2 9 4 6 

8 93 4 B roadw ay 
8 28 -5 7 6 8 

131 El Paso St. 
2 2 7 -1 3 2 8 
V 
14o3 Fredericksburg Rd. 
7 3 5 -5 2 7 5 

3 o2 2 Pleasanton Rd. 
924-5591 

1315 S. Presa 
5 32 -7 3 3 6 

AREA ASSOCIATES 
S H 

FLORESVILLE: 
W ILSON COUNTY AUTO 
PARTS 
1319 1oth St. (Hwy. 181) 
393-2338 

LAREDO: 
TOTI’S AUTO PARTS 
516 Houston St. 
722-4624 

NEW BRAUNFELS: 
W AYNE BULL CAR PARTS 
154 Hwy. 81 W est 
62S-7563 

PLEASANTON: 
PRUETT AUTO PARTS 
1o7 Goodwin 
569-2522 

SEGUIN: 
W A Y N E BULL CAR PARTS 
4o4 W. Kingsbury 
379-4243 

UNIVERSAL CITY: 
ANDERSON’S 
AUTOMOTIVE SUPPLY 
1917 Pat Booker Rd. 
658-3588 

W AYNE BULL CAR PARTS 
1438 Pat Booker Rd. 
658-6355 

AT MOST STORES 

UVALDE: 
UVALDE AUTO PARTS 
315 r. Main 
278-56o9 

VICTORIA: 
SHIPLEY’S AUTO PARTS 
8o5 I. Rio Grande 
575-6466 

I 
■ 
III 
I <"» 

ocsz 
1 I I I I rn loIcs 
IzII 
I 
II 

N O d n O > 
H i HH HH H M H 
NOdflOD HH 

N 
» San A n io n ic E X P R E S S N E W S — Saturday M a y 14 1 9 7 7 
Royals slip by Rangers 

Connors in finals 

ASSOCIATED PRESS 

KANSAS CITY — Dave Nelson singled Fred F’atek home in the ninth inning as the Kansas City Royals, snapping a four-game losing streak, nipped the Texas Rangers 3-2 Friday night. 
B ert Blyleven, 4-3, who had beaten the Royals six straig h t tim es, gave up ll hits. M a rk L itte n re lie v e d L a rry 
G uru in the eighth to notch his fourth victory against one loss. 
Jo hn VVathan, one of three reserves i n s e r t e d in th e li n e u p by R o y a l s ’ 
M a n a g e r W hitey H erzo g, po pp ed to 
B um p Wills to lead off the ninth. But the rookie second b a s e m a n d ro p p ed the ball to set up the eventual winning run. 
G ura, who set the R ang ers down in o rd e r in the first th re e inn ing s, fell behind 2-1 in the fifth when C louded 
W ashington singled J im S un db erg to second and B ert C a m p a n e ris brought him hom e with a single up the middle. 
T h e R o y als c a m e b a c k an in n in g later with a run on a disputed play at the plate. Cookie Rojas doubled to left with two out, then raced ho m e when 
John W athan poked a single in front of c e n te r fielder J u a n B eniquez, w hose throw to the plate resulted in a close play. 
T E X A S 
K A N S A S C IT Y ab r h bi 
.......... 
Wshqtn 
It 
S O J O Nelson db 
C m pnrs ss 
4 1 2 1 Pqette rf 
H rgrve lh 
4 o o o M c R a e lf 
Horton db 
4 o 2 1 Cow en* cf 
Alom ar db 
o o o o LaC ck lb 
Grieve rf 
3 o 1 o R o io s 
3b 
O M av rf 
o o o o W athan c 
H arroh 
3b 
3 o o o Pofek ss 
W ills 
7b 
4 o 7 o FW hite 
2b 
Sndbrq c 
4 1 o o 
B e m aul cf 
4 o o o 
Total 
35 2 9 2 Total 
35 3 ti 3 

DALLAS (A P ) — Top-seeded J im m y 
Connors, stru g g lin g in the first two sets against sc ra m b lin g E ddie Bibbs, got his blistering backhand w orking 
F rid a y nig ht and c h a rg e d into the finals of the World C ham pionship of 
Tennis with a straig h t set B-4, 7-5, 6-1 victory. 
C on no rs will m e e t Dick S tock ton , who beat Vitas C erulatis 7-6, 3-G, 6-7, 
6-3, 6-3. 
B ibbs, the little 5-7 giant-killer who knocked off Hie N a s ta s e only tw o nights ago, broke C onnors’ serve in th«* third g am e and app eared to have the w orld’s No. I ranked player on the ropes before Connors broke' back in the eighth gam e. Connors sacked the set at love in the 1oth g a m e with a crackling backhand. 
Bibbs again c a m e out gunning in the second set and hustled to a service break in the fifth g am e. The u n flap p a­ ble Connors c a m e right back to break 
Bibbs, of M iami, P'la., in the sixth g a m e and took the set when he broke his opponent in the 12th gam e. 
T h e dish earten ed B ibbs just w ent through the m otions in the final set as 
C onnors’ ra d a r-a c c u ra te w inners took their toll. 
Connors said, “ E d die was hitting a slicing backhand which gave m e som e trouble, but I ’ve been p lay in g him since I was 12 years old. And if I d o n ’t know how to play him by now I ought to q u it.” 
Connors said, “ I was letting down early in the set and I had to have a talk with myself. I need to quit digging a hole for m yself and start on top, which is what I did in the third s e t.” 
The WCT finals will be nationally- televised Sunday, with $1oo,ooo going to the w inner and $4o,ooo to the ru n ­ nerup. 
T h e two losing play ers will m eet in a th ird -p lace consolation m a tc h S a tu r­ day afternoon. 
Another sellout crowd of o,3oo fans in 
Moody Coliseum w atched Connors do­ m in ate B ibbs with his deadly b ack­ hand. Connors has yet to lose a set in this, his first ap p earan ce in the WCT finals. 
Mets prevail 

N E W Y O R K 
( A P ) 
- N a tio n a l 
League P re sid e n t C hub Feeney upheld the p ro te st of the New Y ork M ets 
F riday and ruled th at a g a m e against 
San F ran cisco called by rain after six innings last S u n d ay —with the M ets apparently the losers—should instead have been suspended. 
New York w as trailin g 1o-o in the top of the seventh in the second g a m e of a d o u b leh ea d er last S unday when the u m p ires called the gam e. T he Mets protested, claim ing the field was u n ­ p la y a b le .f o r so m e tim e before the g a m e becam e official and w as called. 
Feeney upheld the protest, ruling the u m p ire s should have w aited the re ­ quired 3o m inu tes before calling the gam e. He ordered the g am e suspended and said it would be resum ed prior to the regularly scheduled g a m e in San 
F rancisco Ju ly 26. 
Title retained 

M A D R ID (A P ) — S p a in ’s P e d ro 
“ N ino ” J im e n e z re ta in e d his E u ro ­ pean featherw eight boxing crown F r i ­ day night by outpointing F rench ch al­ lenger Michele Siracusa. 
An estim ated crowd of 5,ooo w atched the 15-round m atch at M ad rid ’s Sports 
Palace. 
Jim en ez and Siracusa each weighed 
I26V2 pounds. 
It was the first tim e Jim en ez had put his crown at stake since he took it from 
Elio Cotena of Italy in M adrid last Dec. 
3. 
The win over Siracusa gave Jim en ez, a pro since 1973, 37 victories, three d raw s and two defeats. 
S ira c u sa h as had 31 p rofessio nal fights since 1973, with 25 victories, two defeats and two draw s. 
Net victories 

WICHITA FALLS (A P) - F o rm e r 
U n iv e r s ity of H o u s to n s t a r R o ss 
W alker breezed through his opening m atch es in less than two hours Friday in the first round of the 1oth annual 
Southwest T ennis C ham pionships. 
It took the E ng lish m an only 45 m in ­ utes to beat J e r ry Childress 6-o 6-o and an hour to defeat O klahom a’s Tony 
Eugenio 6-1, 6-2. 
No. 2 seed Lee M erry, the Houston tennis coach, -and No. 3 Ron H ubbard of P an A m erican also advanced with victories F riday, but unseeded Noukah 
Odizor of Houston St. T hom as High 
School upset No. 4 D an Valentincic of 
Houston 7-5, 6-4. 
Keller resigns 

H a ro ld K elle r, h e a d football and trac k coach a t C entral Catholic High 
School for the p ast nine y ears, has resigned. 
K eller gu ided the 197o B uttons to a state TCIL title. He also had four T O L 
D istrict c h a m p s and two state T O L finalists. O verall, K e lle r’s te a m s were 
5o-43-3 in nine years. 
P e rso n s in terested in filling K eller’s positions should con tact the C entral 
Catholic A thletic D irecto r Jo e Cortez o r the school’s p rin cip al. 

 ab r Ii bi 
5 1 2 1 
o 2 o 
OOO 
o I I 
o 2 o 
1 I o 
o 2 I 
1 I o 
OOO 

One oui when winning run scored 
Texas 
o o o 1 1 o o o o— 
2 
K an sas 
City 
1 o o o o 1 o o 1— 
3 
E — Wills. 
D P — Texas 
I 
L O B — Te xas 
9, 
K an sas 
Cliv 
9 
2B — Poquette, 
Rotas. 
S B — 
Cowens. 
IP 
H 
R 
E R B B SO 
Blylven 
<C,4 3) 
8 1-3 ll 
3 
2 
2 
5 
G ura 
2 1 3 7 
2 
2 
2 
4 
Litten 
<W,4 I) 
1 2 3 2 
o 
o 
I 
2 
P B — Sundberg. 
T— 2:28. 
A — 2o,872. 
W bite S ox, 5-3 

CHICAGO (A P) — Alan B a n n ister’s two-run single and Richie Zisk’s triple keyed C hicago’s attack as the White 
Sox beat Cleveland 5-3 and snapped the 
Ind ian s’ three-gam e winning streak. 
Steve Stone, 3-3. sq u irm e d out of jam s in the sixth and seventh innings when the Indians had the tying run on third base with none out. 
C leveland took a 2-o lead in the second on J im N orris’ two-run single. 
But the Sox cam e back with three in the fifth on a run-scoring single by 
Ralph C a rr and B an n ister’s two-run single. 

C L E V E L A N D 

JN orris 
Kuiper 
M nning 
Carty 
Grubb 
Bochte 
BBfill 
Blanks 
Fosse 
Lwnstn 
Total 

 lf 
2b ct db lf lb 
3b ss c oh 

 ab r h bl 
5 o 2 2 
4 o o o 
4 o o o 
4 1 1 o 
4 o 4 o 
4 1 1 1 
4 1 1 o 
4 o 1 o 
3 o 1 o 
1 o o o 
37 3 ll 3 

C H IC A G O 

G o rr 
Banistr 
Orta 
Zisk 
Suncer 
G am ble 
LJH nsn 
Lem on 
Sdrhlm 
E sslan 
Total 

 lf 

 lbdh dh ct 
3b 

 ab r h bi 
S i l t 
5 12 2 
3 o 2 o 
4 1 1 1 
4 o 2 1 
2 o 1o 
2 o o o 
4 o o o 
4 1 2 o 
3 1 2 o 
5 13 5 
34 

Cleveland 
Chicago 
D P — Chicago 
LO B 

o 2 o OOO o 1 o — 3 
OOO o 3 o 7o * — 5 
-C leveland 
9, 
Ch i­ cago 
Zisk 
9. 
2B— Orlo, 
S B — Gorr. 

(L.2-4) 

Carty. 
3 B — Blanks, 

IP 
4 
2 2 3 
2-3 
1-3 
1-3 

H 

7 1-3 IO 
I 2-3 
I 

E R B B SO 
3 
I 
o 

T — 2 42. 

F lrm rs 
Hood 
Buskev 
M ange 
Kern 
Stone 
(W.3-3) 
LaG row 
S a ve — LaG row 
(5) 
W P — Hood. 
A — 27,13o. 
Twins, 4-3 
BLOOMINGTON, Minn. (A P ) - Rod 
C arew raced home with the winning run on a wild pitch by Toronto reliever 
J e r ry Johnson with two outs in the lith inning to boost the T w ins to a 4-3 victory over the Blue Jays. 

T O R O N T O 
TO 

SS ob r h bi 
5 ) 3 o 

M IN N E S O T A 

Bstock cf lf 
4 I 
I o Sm iley ss 
3b 
5 I 2 2 Carew ib rf 
4 o o I 
W yn gar c dh 
4 o I o Chiles dh pr 
o o o o Kusick dh lb 
5 o 2 o Hisie ll c 
4 o I o Cbbage 
3b cf 
4 o I o Ford rf ph 
I o o o W iltong 
2b cf 
o o o o G rn ski ph 
7b 
4 o o o Rndall 
7b 
4o 3I ll 
3 Total 

Bailor 
AW oods 
Howell 
Velez 
Fairly 
M c K a y 
Ault 
Ashby 
GW ods 
Ew ing 
JScotf 
P Grcia 
Total 

Two out when winning 
Toronto 
............... 
Minnesota 
E — Lem nczyk, 
Minnesota 
I. 
5. 
2B— Bailor, aor, 
Fairly, 

 ab r h bi 
4 1 2 o 
I I I 

Howell. 
Chiles, 

 run scored 
o o o.o o I o 2 o.o o— .3 
o o o o o 2.1 o o.o 1 - 4 
Willis. 
D P — Toronto 
3, 
L O B — Toronto 
8, 
M innesota 
Bestock, 
Sm alley, 
Wyne- 
Ault. 
3B— Ashby, 
AW oods, 
H R — Ford 
(2). 
Ashby, 
W ynegar. 
S B — Bailor. 
S F -V e le z . 
IP 
H 
R 
E R B B SO 
Lem nczyk 
6 
5 
2 
2 
4 
1 
Willis 
IL ,]-!) 
4 
3 
2 
2 
1 
1 
.(Johnson 
2-3 
o 
o 
o 
o 
o 
Th rdsgrd 
7 
6 
1 
1 
1 
3 
ToJohnson 
2 1-3 
3 
2 
2 
o 
I 
Burgm eier 
1-3 
o 
o 
o 
I 
o 
Schueter 
<W,2 I) 
1 1 3 2 
o 
o 
o 
o 
W P — J Johnson. 
T — 2:51. 
A — 9,667. 
Brew ers, 9-3 

M IL W A U K E E (A P ) - T h e M il­ w aukee B rew ers, pow ered by two solo h o m ers by Sal Bando and one by Cecil 
Cooper, posted their second victory in their last nine g a m e s by thrash in g the 
Detroit T igers 9-3 F rid ay night. 
T he B rew ers took a 4-1 lead with three second-inning runs. A double by 
Bando and singles by Money and Mike 
B egan scored one and chased loser 
Vern Ruhle, 3-4. L arry Haney and Von 
Jo sh u a followed with sacrifice flies. 
In the M ilwaukee third, Cooper sin ­ gled and Sixto Lezeano w alked, both scoring on Don M oney’s double. Money later cam e hom e when catch er Milt 
M ay’s pickoff throw hit him in the shoulder and rolled down the left-field line. 
D E T R O IT 
................ M IL W A U K E E ab r h bi . . ab r h bi 
LeFlre cf 
4 o o o Joshua cf 
3 o I 
I 
Fum es 
2b 
4 o I o W hlfrd lf 
4 o o o 
Staub dh 
3 o I o Cooper dh 
4 2 3 I 
Oglivie rf 
3 o o o Lzcano rf 
3 I o o 
Kem p lf 
3 I I o Bando 
3b 
4 3 3 2 
Tm psn lb 
4 I I 
I 
M oney 
2b 
4 2 3 2 
M M o v c 
3 I I 
2 H egan lb 
4 I 2 I 
M kw ski 
3b 
3 o o o TiJhsn ss 
3 o o o 
W agner ss 
3 o I o Haney c 
3 o o I 
MStnly ph 
I 
o o o 
Total 
31 3 6 3 Total 
32 9M 2 
8 
D efroit 
Milw aukee 
E — M M a y 
3. 
2B— Fuentes, 
H R — Cooper 
(5). 
(3), 
Bando 
2 
(3). ney, joshua, 
M M a y. 

. 
o 1 o o 1 o 1 o o - 3 
1 3 3 o 1 o I O x - 9 
L O B — Detroit 
6, 
M ilw au kee 
Bando, 
Money, 
Kem p. 
Tnom pson 
(6), 
M M a y 
S B — TiJohnson. 
S F — Ho- 

Ruhle 
( L, 3-4) 
Craw ford 
Grill! 
H aas 
(W ,3-l) 
T — J: 15. 
A — 12,153. 

4 
R 
« 
4 
8 
5 
o o 
6 
3 

E R B B SO 
4 
o 
o 
4 
2 
6 
o 
o t 
3 
4 
6 

Rues bow to Astros 

ASSOCIATED PRESS 

HOUSTON — Mark Lemongello allowed seven hits and came within one o u t of his first major league shutout as the Houston 
Astros blanked the Pittsburgh Pirates 3-o Friday night. 
Lemongello, 1-4, stru c k out four and jrm-mI urner 

 w alked three and th e red-hot P irate s d id n ’t get a ru n n er as fa r as third base until the ninth when Ken Forsch struck out P hil G a rn e r w ith ru n n e rs at the c o rn e r s . J e r r y R e u s s , o-4, took the loss. 
E n o s C a b e ll s t a r t e d 
H o u s to n ’s three-run fourth inning with a one-out single and stole second. Cesar Cedeno w as hit by a pitch p re ced in g an RBI single by Bob W atson. A fter Joe F e r ­ guson fouled out, Cliff Johnson and Art 
Howe d rilled ru n - s c o r in g sin g le s to w rap up the scoring. 
Lemongello, who com piled a 3-1 re­ cord in 29 innings w ith Houston last year, cam e within one out of his first c o m p lete g a m e of th e season as the 
Astros won for only the eighth tim e in th eir last 25 g am es. 

P IT T S B U R G H 
H O U S T O N ab r h bi 
M oreno cf 
3 o o o H ow ard rf 
T ve m s ss 
3 o 2 o Cabell 
3b 
BR B n sn ph 
I O O O Cedeno ct 
Tkuive p 
o o o o W atson lb 
Parke r rf 
4 o 2 o F rg so n c 
Oliver lf 
4 o 1 o 
C Jhnsn lf 
Strgll 
1b 
3 o 1 o 
JCruz rf 
Ornery pr 
o o o o Howe 
2U 
Stnntt 
2b 
4 o o o JGnzlz 
SS 
G arner 
2b 
4 o o o L m n glo p 
Dyer c 
2 o 1 o 
K F r s c h p 
Reuss p 
2 o o o 
Krkptk 
Dh 
1 o o o 
Mndozo ss 
o o o o 
Total 
31 o 7 o 
Total 

Pittsburgh 
Houston 
E — Bennett. burgh 
I, 
Houston 
2 
Houston 
S B — Cabell. 

Lem ongello. 
D P — Pitts- 
L O B — Pittsburgh 
7, 

P euss 
(L-o-4) 
Tekutve 
Lemongllo 
K F o rstn 
Save— K Forsch 
(Cedeno). 
T — 2 o7. 

(W ,i- 

(3). 

IP . . H 
7 
6 
I 
o 
8 2-3 
7 
1-3 
o 

A — 1o,512. 
H B P — Bv 

E R B B SO 
3 
o 
4 
o 
o 
I 
o 
3 
4 
o 
o I 
Reuss 

M e t s , 3 - o 

NEW YORK (A P ) - Jon Mat lack tam ed Los Angeles on seven hits and 
Dave K ingm an hit a two-run hom er as the New York M ets cooled the red-hot 
D od gers with a 3-o victo ry F rid a y night. 
LO S A N G E L E S 
N E W Y O R K ob r h bi ab r ii bi 
Lopes 
2b 
4 o 2 o Mzzilli cf 
4 o o o 
Russell ss 
4 o I o R an dle 
2b 
4 I 
2 I 
Smith rf 
4 o 2 o K rn p o l 
1b 
4 I 
2 o 
Cev 
3b 
3 o o o K n q m n rf 
2 I 
I 
2 
Garvey 
1b 
4 o 2 o S tarn s c 
I o o o 
Monday cf 
4 o o o 
B sc la ir lf 
3 o o o 
Baker lf 
3 o o o Grote 
3b 
3 o o o 
Yeager c 
3 o o o 
Ph ilos ss 
3 o I o 
Rhoden 
o 
I o o o M atlck p 
3 o o o 
Lacy oh 
I o o o 
Dwninq p 
o o o o 
Mota ph 
I 
o o o 
Wall 
D 
O O O 
o 
Total 
32. o 7. o Total 
27 3 6 3 
Los 
Angeles 
New 
York 
.......... 
D P — Los 
Angeles 
L O B — Los 
Angeles 
4, 

... 
o o o o o o o o o - . o 
3 o o o o o o o * — .3 
2, 
New 
York 
I. 
New 
York 
4 
H R — 

M IK E RUSHDE hauls in fly ball off M id lan d bat 

PHOTO BY STEVE CAMPBELL 

(I), 
K in gm an 
(8) 
S B — Stearns, 

IL,5-1) 

(W.7-3) 
A — 19,448. 

E R B B SO 
3 
3 7 
o 
I 2 
o 
o I 
o 
I 4 
Doc! to 

I . . - ' H 
. 
£ 5 

Cards, 3-o 
ATLANTA (A P) - Ken Reitz belted a three-run h om er in th e ninth inning and Bob Forsch yielded four hits in eight innings, lead in g the St. Louis 
C ardinals to a 3-o triu m p h over the 
A tlanta B raves F rid a y night. 
Reitz tagged ro ok ie reliev er Don 
Collins, o-2, for his second home run of the season, a driv e o v er the left field fence with one out. 

ST L O U IS 
A T L A N T A 

By C LIFFO R D BROYLES 
OF THE EXPRESS NEWS STAFF 

The Midland Cubs nickel and dimed the Dodgers into defeat 
Friday night, posting a 6-1 vic­ tory at V.J. Keefe Field. 

The Cubs, who won a doubleheader fro m San A n to n io T h u r s d a y n ig h t, scored single runs in the first four in­ nin gs and tw o in th e fifth for a 6-o cushion at the halfway point of the gam e. 
San A ntonio n e v e r r e c o v e r e d fro m th e early shelling as M id­ la n d r i g h t - h a n d e r 
J a c k L e d b e tte r s c a t ­ te re d seven h its and pitched a shutout until the eighth. 
It was then that first 
- 2 basem an Don Cardoza h provided the D odgers 
BROYLES w ith t h e i r o n ly ru n with a line drive solo hom er to right, his third of th e season. 
Midland m ounted all of its runs and e ig h t of n in e h its in th e f i r s t five fram es off left-hander Marty F unkier. 
Dan S m ith an d B a rry B ig g e rs ta ff com bined to silence the Cubs over the final four innings on one hit. 
The chief c u lp rit for the Cubs was fo rm e r U n iv e rs ity of T e x as s lu g g e r 
K arl P a g e l, w ho w ore out the lefty- 
Logan signs 

SPEC IAI TO THE EXPRESSNEWS 
K IN G S V IL L E - K en L o g a n , a blue-chip b asek etb all prospect from 
San Jacinto Ju n io r College, has signed a s c h o la rs h ip w ith T ex as A&I, a n ­ nounced 
Jav elin a 
Coach 
R ichard 
Sheubrooks. 
Logan, 6-4, 22o. was highly-recruited after his high school c are er at Houston 
C.E. King and San Jacinto. He played in the Alamo A rea O ptim ist Classic in 
F ebru ary at San Antonio’s Convention 
Center Arena. 
SWT signs netters 

SPECIAL TO THE EXPRESS NEWS 
SAN MARCOS — Southwest Texas ten nis coach N eal K inlund h as a n ­ nounced the signing of two outstanding women players, Maggie Thom pson of 
South P lains Ju n io r College in P la in ­ view and Lunette P ehnke of Galveston 
Ball. 
Thompson is also a gradu ate of El 
Paso Bowie High School and a three­ tim e Sun Bowl T ourney singles c h a m ­ pion. P eh n k e was a finalist in the 
T reasure Isle Classic in Galveston. 

 righty theory of baseball. 

B a ttin g fro m th e p o r ts id e . P a g e l rap p ed F u n k ie r for a single and two o p p o s ite - f ie ld h o m e ru n s . 
A fte r 
B ig g e rs ta ff, a n o th e r so u th p a w , c a u ­ tiously passed him in the eighth, Pagel had a perfect night. 
He w as th re e -fo r -th r e e w ith th re e runs scored and three runs batted in. . 
Pagel contined to be a one-m an d e­ molition crew against San Antonio. In six g a m e s against the Dodgers he has 
12 hits in 19 at bats (.632), five hom e runs and 15 ru n s batted in. 
D o dg er sh o rtsto p Ron W ash in gto n was the only D odger with m ore than one hit. His tw o-for-three night raised 
W a s h i n g to n ’s b a tt in g a v e r a g e to a team -leading .378. 
M idland took less tim e to score than it took Norton to knock down Bobick in the ring. 
Keith D ru m w rig ht hit the third pitch of the g am e off the wall in right center for a triple. He scored when Joe H er­ nandez bounced out to second. 
D odger e rro rs set up runs in the se ­ cond and third. 
Then P agel clim ax ed the firew orks show w ith a solo h o m e r to s ta rt the fourth and a two-run blast in the fifth. 
In th e seco nd F u n k ie r had A aron 
R andall picked off first but W ashing­ ton threw high d u rin g the rundown and the ball bounced off K u n k le r’s glove for an e r r o r . R a n d a ll w as safe* an d 
P agel, who was on third, scored on the play. 
N ew com er K u rt S e ib e rt sla p p ed a sing le ju st in front of c e n te r field er 
J e f f L e o n a rd to s t a r t th e th ird . Ile m oved to second w hen L eonard bob­ bled the ball as he fielded it and scored on a single by D uane Gustavson. 
The loss was the fourth in a row for 
San Antonio. The series continues with a single g am e at 7:3o p .m . Saturday at 

M u m ry 
K ssn q r 
A ndrsn 
Tmpltrt 
Scott 
HCruz 
Brock 
Sm n m s 
Freed 
Y nqbld 
KH rndz 
Reitz 
Tyson 
R F rsch 
H rbsky 
Total 
St. 
Louis 
Atlanta 
E -R o y s t e r 
C 
L O B — St. 
Louis rev. 
H R — Reitz 

 ab r h bi ab r h bi rf 
4 o I 
o R VSter ss 
3 o o o ss 
3 o o o M oore 
3b 
3 o 2 o oh 
I o o o Office cf 
3 o o o ss 
I o o o 
B rrg h s rf 
3 o o o cf 
3 o o o P crob o c 
3 o o o rf 
3 o I o Pcorek 
1b 
3 o o o lf 
o o o o 
Aslstne lf 
3 o o o c 
2 I 
I o C haney 
2b 
3 o 2 o lb 
2 o I o 
E ste rly 
P 
2 o o o 
Ph 
o o o o M tthw s oh 
I o o o lb 
I 
I o o Collins p 
o o o o 
3b 
4 I 
2 3 
2b 
4 o o o p 
3 o I o p 
I o o a 
32 3. I . 3 Total 
27 o 4 o 
............ 
o o o o o o.o o 3— .3 
o o o o o o o o o— .o 
-St. 
Louis 
2, 
Atlanta 
2. 
Atlanta 
4. 
2B— M um ph- 

R Forsch 
Hrabosky 
Easterly 
Collins 
(L.o-2) 
Save— Hraboskv 
2 35. 
A — 19,866. 

( 2). 

(W.6-1) 

(4). 

S B — Brock. 
IP . 
H 
R 
8 
4 o 
I 
o o 
8 
6 o 
I 
I 3 

S— Office. 
E R B B SO 

W P — R F o rsch . 

P hillies, 5-4 
P H IL A D E L P H IA ( A P ) - D av e 
Jo h n so n ’s pinch single on which San 
Diego center fielder G ene R ichards m ad e an erro r scored a p a ir of runs to cap an eighth-inning rally and give the 
Pniladelphia Phillies a 5-4 victory over the P ad res F rid ay night. 

S A N D IE G O 
P H I L A ab r h bi 
G P h rd s cf 
4 o I 
o M add o x cf 
Alm on ss 
5 o o o 
Bow a ss 
Hndrck lf 
5 o o o Jhstne rf 
Wintld rf 
5 2 2 o O B rn rf 
Tenace 
Ib 
4 o o o Hutton lb 
D oRder 
3b 
4 7 3 I 
Lzinski lf 
Tomlin 
P 
O O O 
o H ebner lb 
B M tzgr 
P 
O O O 
o 
M artin rf 
Cnm pn 
2b 
3 o 2 2 Schm dt 
3b 
D avis c 
4 o I 
I 
Boone c 
Saw yer p 
2 o o o Szm ore 
2b 
Be m ol p 
o o o o M c C v r oh 
Sthrlnd 
3b 
I o I o H rm o n 
2b 
Tw tchll 
D 
B rsstr p 
Tolan oh 
Reed 
P 
D Jh n sn ph 
G arb e r p 
Totol 
37 4. IO 4 Total 

San 
Diego 
o 2 o 1 1 o 

V.J. Keefe Field. 

SA N A N T O N IO ( I) 
M ID L A N D (6) ab r h bi ab r Ii bi 
Wshqtn ss 
3 o 2 o 
Drm w rt ?b 
5 1 2 o 
Fschti It 
4 o o o 
Hrndez cf 
5 o o 1 
Rushde rf 
4 o o o 
Sebert rf 
4 1 1 o 
Crdoza Ib 
3 1 1 1 
Pepper lb 
5 o 1 o 
Lnord Cf 4 o I o 
G sffsn c 
3 1 1 1 
Webb 3b 
4 o 1 o 
D avis ss 
4 o o o 
M eyers 2b 
4 o o o 
Pagel lb 
3 3 3 3 
F arr c 
3 o 1 o 
Rndall Ip 
4 o 1 o 
Knkler p 
1 o 1 o 
Ldbtr p 
3 o o o 
Chlor Dh 
1 o o o 
Totals 
36 6 9 5 
D Smith p 
o o o o 
C Smith ph t o t o 
Bgerstf p 
o o o o 
Grison ph 
I U o o 
Totals 
33 I 8 I 
M idland tit 
12o 
OOO 
— 
6 
San Antonio 
OOO 
OOO 
o1o 
— 
I 

Philadelphia 
E — GRichords. 
Philadelphia 
IO. 
Champion, 
Davis, chards. 
S— Bowu. 

Saw yer 
Be m ol 
Tomlin 
(L,o-1) 
BM etzger 
Twitchell 
Brusstar 
Reed 
(W ,!-l) 
G arber 
Save— G arber 
2:36. 
A — 23,655. 

LO B- 

 ab r h bi 
4 1 2 o 
4 o o o 
3 o 1 1 
1 o o o 
I o o 
4 o I 
3 I I 
o I o 
7 o I 
3 I I 
1 o o 
I o o 
1 11 1 
1 o o o 
1 o o o 
1 o o o 
o 9 o o 
1o 11 
o o o o 
32.5.9 4 

. 
1 o o o o 1 o 3 X— 5 
-S an 
Diego 
IO, 
2 8 — M add o x, 
Sutherland. 

IP 
.. H . 
5 1-3 5 
1 t 1-3 
1-3 
3 1-3 
2 2 3 
2I 

Winfield, 
S B — G R I ­ 

E R B B SO 
2 
4 
2 

(3). 
W P — Saw yer. 

E - W a s h i n g t o n , L e o n a r d . D P - M i d l a n d J. 
L O B — M id la n d 6, San A ntonio 8. 2B — W ash in gto n , 
Farr. 3 B — D rum w right. H R — P a g e l 2 (9), C o rd o za 
(3). 

Ledbetter W (J 2) 
Kunkler L (2-3) 
D .Sm ith 
B iggerstaff 

IP 
R E R B B SO 
8 
1 1 3 2 
8 
6 4 
2 1 
1 
o o 
o 1 
o 
o o 1 1 

H B P — fSeiberf) by Kun kler. T - 2 : 16. A -6 8 7 . 

Royal honored 

KNOXVILLE, Tenri. (A P ) - D arrell 
R oyal, fo rm e r U n iv e rs ity of T exas football coach, was p re sen ted the Ro­ b ert R. Neyland M em o rial Award here 
F rid a y night. 
T he Neyland a w ard , which honors th e late T en n e ssee co ach , is given annually by the Knoxville Q uarterback 
Club to a coach who h as m a d e a m ajo r contribution to collegiate football. 
Royal stepped down last fall after a long and successful c a r e e r at Texas. 

 recalls 
Bristol 

 ob r h bi 
4 o o o 
I I o 
I o o 
I I I 
OOO 
o 
o 
o 
o 
o 
o 

2 I 
o o 
I I 
I o 
o o 
o o 

28.3.6.3 

o o o o o o o o o— 
o 
o o o 3 o o o o * — .3 

ATLANTA (A P) - A tlanta Braves ow ner Ted T u rn e r, inform ed that he cannot coach his club, announced F r i­ day that M anager Dave Bristol will be back at the te a m ’s helm Saturday. 
B ristol has b een at h is hom e in 
A ndrews, N.C., since W ednesday when 
T u rn e r announced in P ittsb u rg h that he would take over m an ag e ria l duties while Bristol went on a 1o-day scouting trip. 
T hat night the B raves lost their 17th g a m e in a row. 
T h u rsd a y , N ational L eag u e P r e s i­ dent Chub Feeney b arred T u rn e r from m a n a g in g and th e te a m b ro k e its losing streak, defeating the Pirates, 
6-1. 
The w inning stre a k w as shortlived, however. The B raves lost a 3-o decision to the St. Louis C ardinals F rid ay night. 
E a rlie r in the day, B aseball C om ­ m i s s i o n e r B o w ie K u h n in f o r m e d 
T u rn e r th at he su p p o rte d F e e n e y ’s decision based on M ajor League Rule 
2oE which prohibits either m a n a g e r or players of a d u b from holding stock or ow nership in their team s. 
F o llo w in g K u h n ’s a n n o u n c e m e n t. 
T u rn er told new sm en he d id n ’t know when, or if, Bristol would return to the team . 
However, in a ninth-inning surprise m ove T u rn er announced F rid ay B ris­ tol would resu m e his m an ag e ria l post 
S aturday against the C ardinals. 
Williams stars 
KINGSTON, J a m a ic a (A P ) - Steve 
W illiam s, the A m eric an sp rin t s ta r whose Olympic hopes in the past w ere s h a t t e r e d by i n j u r i e s , o v e rto o k a sta r-stu d d e d field F rid a y night and captured the 1oo-m eter d ash in 1o.26 seconds in the first J a m a ic a Inv ita­ tional T rack and Field Meet. 
W illiam s was run nin g th ird at the m idw ay point of the ra c e when he m ad e his move, hitting the tape just ahead of two fellow A m ericans, Steve 
R id d ick an d H ouston M c T e a r. R id ­ d ick ’s tim e was 1o.31 a nd M cT e ar’s w as 1o.33. 
T h e field, g e n e ra lly r e g a r d e d as being stro n g er than the one in the 
M ontreal O lym pics last su m m e r, also featured that gold m ed alist, Hascly 
C raw ford of T rin id ad , who finished fourth in 1o.35. 
J a m a ic a n favorite Don Q uarrie, the 
O lym pic ru nn eru p in this event, fin­ ished fifth in 1o.4o and Cuban Silvio 
Leonard, who had a hand-tim ed 9.9 last week, finished sixth in 1o.46 on the electronic tim ing device. 
S e v e n th w a s 
P a n a m a n i a n G u y 
A b rah am s, who w as fifth at Montreal, in 1o.49. Hugh F ra z ie r of Canada was eighth in 1o.63. 
“ It was just a m a tte r of accelerat­ in g ,” W illiam s said a fte r the race. 
“ T h ere w ere too m any people in the rac e to be concerned with the o th ers.” 
E a rlie r in the m eet, O lym pic c h a m ­ p io n 
E d w in 
M o s e s of th e 
U .S . c o m p le te d a sw eep of the hu rdles, w inning his speciality, the 4oo-meter hurdles in the y e a r ’s fastest tim e and the 11o-m eter hurdles. 

Cubs, 5-3 
M O N T R E A L 
(A P ) 
- 
L a r r y 
B iittn e r ’s tw o-run sin g le cap ped a four-run rally with two out in the sixth inning and the Chicago Cubs took a 5-3 decision over the M ontreal Expos F r i­ day night. 
C H IC A G O 
M O N T R E A L ab r h bi ab r h bi 
DeJsus ss 
5 i 
I 
I 
Cash 
2b 
4 I 
2 o 
Clines lf 
3 I 
I o Speier ss 
3 o o o 
Biittner lb 
5 o 2 2 EVltne rf 
4 o 2 I 
M urcer rf 
5 o I 
I 
Perez tb 
4 I 
I o 
Je M rls cf 
S o I o Crm rte lf 
4 I 
I 
o 
Trilio 
2b 
4 o 2 o Carter c 
3 o 2 I 
Otvros 
3b 
4 I 3 o Unser cf 
2 o I 
o 
Mtrw ld c 
5 I 
I o 
Daw son cf 
2 o o o 
Bnham 
P 
o o o o Parrish 
3b 
4 o o o 
Bckner 
Ph 
I o I 
I 
Wrthen p 
2 o o o 
Crdnal pr 
o I o o M c E n y p 
o o o o 
GHndz 
P 
o o o o M cK n in oh 
I o o o 
Rosello 
Ph 
I o o o 
K rrign p 
o o o o 
Sutter 
P 
I o o o Jo M rls oh 
I 
o o o 
Total 
39.:i 13 5 Total 
34 3 9 2 
Chicago 
M ontreal 
E — Buttner, 
L O B — Chicago 
Cash, 
2. 

K errigan 
13, 
M ontreal 

1 o o o o 4 o o o— .5 
o o o 2 I o oo o— .3 
D P - 

EValentme. 
S B — Cash. 

-C hicago 
I. 
2 B — Clines, 
S — Bonham 

Bonham 
GHndz 
Sutter 
Warthen 
M cE n an e v 
K errigan 
Save — Sutter 

(W.4-2) 

(L .l-l) 

(7). 

IP . .. 
5 I 
3 
5 2-3 
1 1-3 
2 
T - 2 : 34. 

E R B B SO 
I 
I 
3 

-12,591. 
Reds, 6-4 
CINCINNATI (A P) - D ave Concep­ cion’s two-run h o m er capped a five-run first-inning explosion off San F ran cis­ co’s J im B arr, helping the Cincinnati 
R ed s d efeat the G ia n ts 6-4 F rid a y night. 

S A N .F R A N 
... 
. C IN C IN N A T I 

Foil 
It 
R A dw s 
Clark 
Mdlock 
M cC vv 
L eM str 
Hrndon 
E v an s 
Hill c 
Thm ssn 
B a rr t 
Curtis 
Whtfid 
Crnuft 
Elliott 
Hverlo 
Lavelle 
Thom asph 
Total 

7b rf 
3b tb ss cf lf 

 oh i p ah p ph p 
P 

 ob r It bi 
5 o 1 o 
5 o o 
4 o I 
4 o o 
3 o 2 
o o o 
4 I I 
1 I o 
3 I 2 
I o I 
o o o 
1 o o t o o 
o o o o 
1 1 1 4 
o o o o 
o o o o 
1 o o o 
34 4.9 4 Total 

Rose 
Flvnn 
Grittey 
M o rgan 
Drsse n 
G F ste r 
Gtnnrio 
Cncpcn 
Plum er 
N rm an 
Eastw k 

3b 
3b rf 
2b lb lf cf ss c p p 

 ob r h bi 
3 2 2 o 
o o 
I 2 
I I 
o J 
o o 
1 I 
I I 
o o 
o I 
o o 

... 
32 6 IO 6 
San 
Francisco 
... 
o o o o o o 4 o o— 4 
Cincinnati 
..................... 
5 o o 1 o o o o * — 6 
E — LeM aster. 
D P — San 
F ra n cisco 
I, 
Cincinnati 
I. 
L o 3 — San 
F ra n cisco 
7, 
C in ­ cinnati 
7. 
2B— Griffey 
2, 
M o rg a n , 
Dries- sen, 
Rose. 
H R — Concepcion 
( I) , 
Elliott 
(I). 
S B — M organ, 
Concpcion. 
IP . ,.H 
R . 
1 
7 
S 
3 
2 
I 
2 
o 
o 
o 
O O 
2 
I 
o 
6 2-3 6 
4 
2 1-3 3 
o 
(6). 
H B P — By 
A — 32,539. 

B a rr 
(L,5-3> 
Curtis 
Cornutt 
H e a v e rs 
Lavelle 
Norm an 
Eastw ick 
Save— Eastw ick 
(M o rgo n ) 
T— 2:38. 

E R B B SO 
5 
I 
I 

(W.2-2) 

C urtis 

 t 
o 

Son Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Soturdoy May 14 I977 

A M E R IC A N L E A G U E 
E A S T 
W 
L 
Pct 
G B 
New Y ork 
17 
12 
586 
— 
Baltim ore 
IS ll 
.577 
1 7 
Boston 
IS 
13 
536 
I* J 
M ilw aukee 
16 
IS 
.516 
2 
Toronto 
14 
18 
438 
4: } 
D et rod 
12 
17 
.414 
5 
Cleveland 
West ll 
17 
.393 
S' i 

M innesota 
2o ll 
.645 
_ 
Chicago 
19 ll 
633 
IJ 
Texas 
15 
13 
.536 
3' j 
Oakland 
16 15 
.516 
4 
K a n sa s City 
16 15 
.516 
4 
C alifornio 
14 
18 
.438 
6’ z 
Seattle ll 
25 
.3o6 
I P 2 
T h ursd ay s G am e s 
Texas 2, K a n s a s O W o 
Detroit 9. M ilw a u k e e I 
Seattle 8, N ew Y o rk 6 
California 7, B altim o re 5 
F rid a y 's G am es 
K a n sa s City 3, T e x e s 7 
M innesota J, T oronto 3 
Chicago 5, C leveland 3 
M ilw aukee 9, Detroit 3 
Boston 7, Seattle 5 
Baltim ore 5, O a k la n d I 
New Y o rk 3, C a lifo rn ia o 

Satu rd ay's G am es 
Cleveland (E c k e rsle v 2-2) at C h ic a g o (B a r r io s 
3 11 
Toronto (Sin ge r 2 4) at M in n e so ta (Golf/ I 2) 
Detroit (A rro y o 1-2) at M ilw a u k e e (C o rf I O) 
Bnitim ore (F la n a g a n o I) at O a k la n d (E llis 1-4) 
Texas (B o g g s o-2) at K a n sa s City (C o lb o rn 4 3), 
(n) 
Boston (Stanley 2 o or ^ee O O) at Seattle (P a g a n 
o I or T h o m a s I I), (n) 
New Y o rk (G ullet) 2-2) at C aliforn ia (R y a n 5-3, (n) 
S u n d a y's G am es 
Cleveland af C h ic a g o 
Toronto at M in n e sota 
Texas at K a n s a s City 
Detroit at M ilw au kee, 2 
New Y o rk at C aliforn ia 
Baltim ore at O a kla n d 
Boston at Seattle 

N A T IO N A L L E A G U E 
E ast 

T E X A S L E A G U E 
West Division 
_ 
W 
L 
Pct. G B 
EJ POSO 
] 5 8 
652 _ 
M idland 
|2 i 2 
.5oo 
3’ a 
A m arillo i 2 !3 
.4go 4 
San Antonio 
9 u 
.375 4 i , 
E ast D ivision 
Shreveport 
19 s 
,7o4 _ 
Jackso n 
13 )4 
481 6 
A rk a n sa s i i is 
.4o7 8 
T ulsa lo 17 
.32o 9 
Th ursd ay's G am e s 
E l P a so IO, A m arillo 4 
M idland 5-1o, San Antonio 2-5 
A rk a n s a s I, Tulsa o 
Ja ckso n 6, Shreveport 1 
F rid ay's G am es 
A m arillo 8, E l P a so 4 
M idland 6, San Antonio I 
Tulsa 9, A rk a n s a s 4 
Shreveport 3, Ja c kso n I 
Satu rday's G am es 
A m arillo at E l P a so 
M idland at San Antonio 
Tulsa at A rk a n sa s 
Shreveport at Jac kso n 
Sunday's G am es 
A m arillo at El P a so 
M idland at Son Antonio 
Shreveport at Jackso n 

W 
L 
Pct. 
G B 
Pittsburgh 
7o 
9 
.69o 
— 
Si. Louis 
19 ll 
633 
I 1 ? 
Chicago 
16 ll 
.593 
3 
Philadelphia 
14 
13 
.519 
5 
Montreal 
13 
13 
.5oo 
5' J 
New York 
W est ll 
18 
.379 
9 

Los Angeles 
24 /-7 
.774 
— 
Cincinnati 
13 
17 
.433 
1o' 2 
Houston 
13 
18 
.419 
I I bon Diego 
14 7o 
.412 l l ' 2 
San F ra n c isco 
12 
18 
.4oo 
11' 2 
Atlanta 
9 23 
.281 
15 2 

N O R T H A M E R IC A N S O C C E R L E A G U 
Atlantic Conference 
E ast 
W 
L 
G F 
G A 
T am pa B a y 
5 
I 
14 
3 
C osm os 
4 
3 
12 
IO 
Ft. Lau d erd ale 
J 
I 
1o 
6 
W ashington 
2 
3 
5 
5 
North 
St. Louis 
3 
4 
7 
IO toron to 
2 
3 
7 
8 
Rochester 
1 
3 
2 
6 
Connecticut 
o 
4 
3 
13 
C hicago 
o 
6 
4 
14 
Pacific Conference 
South 
L o s Angeles 
4 
I 
13 
3 
D a lla s 
4 
I 
1o 
5 
L a s V e ga s 
4 
2 
7 
4 
San Jose 
3 
3 
7 
1o 
Haw aii 
3 
4 
6 
14 
W est 
Portland 
3 
3 
9 
9 
M innesota 
3 
2 
7 
3 
Seattle 
2 
3 
5 
7 
V an couver 
2 
3 
5 
5 
W ednesday's G om es 
C osm os 2, C hicago 1 
M innesota 3, Toronto I 
Portland I, St. Loofs o IO T I 
F rid ay 's G om es 
St. Louis I. L a s V e g a s o 
T am pa B a y 4, Connecticut o 
D allas a* H aw aii 
Satu rday's G am e 
Portland at San Jose 

B P Pf 
12 
42 
12 
36 

7 
25 
7 
19 
2 
8 
3 
3 
4 
4 

IO 
34 
IO 
34 

T h ursday s G am e s 
Ailanto 6. P ittsb u rgh I 
St. Louis IO, C incinnati I 
Los A ngeles 8 M o n tre al 2 
Philadelphia 3, Sa n F ra n c isc o o 
San Diego 5, New Y o rk 2 

F rid ay s G am e s 
Chicago 5, M on tre al 3 
St. Louis 3, Atlanta o 
New Y o rk 3, L o s A n ge le s o 
Philadelphia 5, San D ie g o 4 
Cincinnati 6, Son F ra n c isc o 4 
Houston 3, P ittsb u rgh o 

Satu rd ay's G am es 
Los A ngeles ( R a u 4-o) at New Y o rk (E s p in o sa 2 2) 
C hicago (R R eu sch e l 5-1) at M o n tre al (R o g e rs 
4 I) 
San F ra n c isc o (C u rtis I o) at C in cin n ati (A lca la l l), (n) 
San Diego (F re isle b e n o 4) at P h ila d e lp h ia (C a rl ton 4 1), (n) 
St. Louis (F a lc o n e I 4) at Atlanta (C o p ra o 3), (n) 
Pittsburgh ( R ooker 4 I) at H ouston (A n d u ia r 2 2). 
(n) 

S u n d a y's G am es 
C tin ago at M ontreal. J 
San D iego at Philadelphia 
Lo s A ngeles at N ew Y o rk 
San F ra n c isc o al C incinnati 
Si Louis at Atlanta 
Pittsburgh at H ouston 

W O R L D H O C K E Y A S S O C IA T IO N 
P L A Y O F F S 
All Tim es C D T 
Finals 
Best-of-Seven 
Su n d ay's G am e 
W innipeg at Quebec, 7 p.m .; W innipeg lead s se rie s 1-o. 
W ednesday, M a y 18 
Quebec at W innipeg, 8 p.m. 
Friday, M a y 2o or Saturday, M a y 21 x Quebec at W innipeg, 8 p.m. 
Sunday, M a y 22 x W innipeg at Quebec, 7 p.m. 
Tuesday, M a y 24 x Quebec at W innipeg, it n e c e ssa ry 

N A T IO N A L H O C K E Y L E A G U E 
P L A Y O F F S 
All Tim es C O T 
Finals 
Best-of-Seven 
T h u rsd ay 's G am e 
M ontreal 4. Boston 2, M on tre al lead s se rie s 3 o 
Saturday, M a y 14 
M ontreal at Boston, 7 p.m. 
Tuesday, M a y 17 
« Boston at M ontreal, 7 p.m. 
Thursday, M a y 19 x M ontreal a1 Boston, 7 p.m. 
Sunday, M a y 21 x Boston at M ontreal, 7 p.m. x lf n e ce ssary 

 s6 oo 

I O 
o o 

PECAN VALLEY GOLF COURSE 

OPEN TO THE PUBLIC 
GREEN FEES: 
W EEK D AY.......... 
WEEK-ENDS & 
* 
HOLIDAYS ..............9 

PECAN VALLEY IS IN THE FINEST 

CONDITION OF IT S HISTORY. 

WE INVITE YOU TO PLAY. 

MEMBERSHIPS ALSO AVAILABLE 

PECAN VAHEY DR. AT E. SOUTHCROSS 
333-712! 
333-9o18 

Jets sign seven 

NEW YOUK (A P) - 
The 
New 
Y o rk 
J e t s signed seven free-agent linemen Friday, four of whom tried out for other 
National Football League teams a year ago. 

TX-light, 

Signal/Power 

Meter, AGC, 

ANI, Noise Filter1 
PA and Ext. CB 

Switches. M axim um 

 leqal Power. o n 

‘ with purchase of A ntenna or 
Slide M o u n t otherw ise $79.99 

THE 1o-2o for CB's is 
HARWOOD’S 
NO CHARGE 
CARDS OR 
LAYAWAYS 
ON CB S 

SMGLE SIDE-BAND 

137-o22 

9 Channels with all bands 

23 C H A N N E L DELUXE FU IL-PO W ER S S S /A M CB 
MOBILE. Fully compatible, operation on A M , all upper and lower sidebands. Rated for full legal power. Superheterodyne receiver has dual detectors, 
RF gain and mic. gain controls, clarifier, squelch, switchable noise blanker, hi/lo tone switch. Lighted 
S RFO meter channel selector. PA switch. "O m ni- 
Power" operation. Metal cabinet 2 V i”x 7 ,/2"x I O W . 
4o CHANNEL CB 
3-581" 

SUGG. RET. $354.95 
* I 5 o * * 

AWI LIGHT - ANTENNA (FAILURE) 

WARMING INDICATOR NOISE 

BLANKER - SWITCHABLE t i t x o x 
ANI SWITCHABLE - AUTOMATIC 5 U 9 9 * R e t ' 
NOISE LIMITER 
( l i f e 
LIGHTED S RF METER 
® 
PA - PUBLIC ADDRESS 
® 

‘ WITH PURCHASE OF ANTENNA OR SLIDE 
MOUNT OTHERWISE $89.99 

* 

CB TRUNK 
CB SLIDE MOUNT 
PA OR EXT 
ANTENNA 
PREVENTS THEFT 
SPEAKERS 

* I 

I 
— 
- U / -o 1 8 
MIDLAND REMOTE CB 
?3 (HUMEL RtMOTt (ULI POWEt (I MOBILE Modular design pub CB circuli block bo* out of tight in trunk, undor toot or on firewoll u-iosil control hoot with 23-chomtel selector dial, 
SSW motor power ond H/ttt. Cl twitcher it entity removable, 
Mn holds volume ond vartoblo squelch controls Full legal power transmitter Duo! conversion receiver with built-in AHI Omni- 
Power Includes 2o It on cioft quality cabio 
Sugg. Ret. 

$259.95 
•With Purehoio of Antenna or 
•lido m o un t otherrwiao $7 9.9 9 

WHILE THEY LAST 
NO LAYAW AY OR 
CHARGE CARD 

Mrs. Allison Gentle of S.A. will defend her title in the 16th An­ nual Worldwide M ilitary De­ pendents golf tournament which begins a three-day run Tuesday. at Randolph A FB . 
Form er 
LPGA great Patty Berg will conduct a clinic at Randolph 
Monday at 2 p.m. to begin the festivities. 

Iln sk e lb a ll 

National Basketball A sso ciation 
Sem ifinals 
Ail Tim es C D T 
Best-of-Seven 
F rid ay's G am es 
Philadelphia 1o7, Houston 95, P h ila d e lp h ia leads series 3 1. 
P o rtla n d 1o5, L o s A n g e le s 1o1, P o rtla n d w in s series 4-o. 
Sunday’s G am e s 
Houston at Philadelphia, 12:3o p.m. 
Tuesday's G am e x Philadelphia at Houston, 8 p m. 
Thursday, M a y 19 x H ouston at Philadelphia, 7 p.m. x lf n e c e ssary 

F i s h i n g 

T ID E S 
Port A ran sas 
M a y 14 
LO 
7 :11 a ITI 
Lo 
M a y 15 
8:oo a.m. 
Hi 
2:13 a.m. 
Hi 
3:11 a m . 
Lo 
7:33 p m 
Lo 
8:o9 p m. 
Hi 12:o6 p.m. 
Hi 
12:27 p.m. 

M a y 14 
Lo 
8:41 a m . 

Port Isabel 

Lo 
M a y 15 
9:31 a rn. 
F(i 
4:48a.m . 
Hi 
5:41 a m . 
Lo 
8:36p.m . 
L o 
9:o4 p.m. 
Hi 
3:2o p.m. 
Hi 
3:41 p.m. 

M a y 14 
. R ise 6:42 a m. 

S U N R I S E -S U N S E T 

R ise 
M a y IS 
6 : 41 a m. 
Set 8:19 p.m. 
Set 8 : 19 p.m. 

M O O N R IS E M O O N S E T 
M a y 14 
R ise 4:38 a m. 
R ise 
M a y IS 
5: 13 a m 
Set 5:32 p.m. 
Set 6:25 p m. 

M O O N P H A S E S 
New moon: M a y 18 
First quarter: M a y 26 
Full mlon: Ju ne I 
Last quarter: June 8 

C*olf 

F O R T W O R T H ( A P ) - S e co n d ro u n d s c o re s 
F rid a y in the $2oo,ooo Colonial N a tio n a l Invitation golf tournam ent on the 7,19o yard . o a r 7o Colonial 
Country C lub cou rse (o-denotes a m a te u r): 
John Schroed er 
66 65— 131 
Ben C re n sh a w 
65 7o —135 
Roaer M id lin e 
66 7o— 136 
Al C o b e r g e r 
65 71 — 136 
Chi Chi R o d rig u e z 
66 7o— 136 
E d Sneed 
67 7o — 137 
Lee T revino 
7o 67— 137 
Tom Kite 
67 71 — 138 
Rik M a sse n p a le 
72 66— 138 
G eorge Cadie 
69 7 o - 139 
Bobby W a d k in s 
7o 69 — IJ9 
Jim M a ss e rio 
68 71 - 139 
Tom W atson 
67 72— 139 
D ave E ich e lb e rg e r 
69 7o— 139 
E d D ou gh e rty 
69-7o— 139 
Ju lius B o ro s 
68 72 -1 4 o 
LOU G ra h a m 
7o 7o— 14o 
Don Ja n u a ry 
72-68— 14o 
Butch B a ird 
68 73— 141 
Keith F e rg u s 
7o 71 — 141 
Bill R o g e rs 
71 7o — 141 
A ndy North 
7o 71 — 141 
Joe Inm an 
71 7o— 141 
G rier Jones 
7o 71 — 141 
D ave Stockton 
72 7 o - 142 
M iller B a rb e r 
69 73— 142 
R o y Floyd 
77 7o-14 2 
M a c M c Le n d o n 
68 74 — 142 
B ruce Lletzke 
7171 — 142 

O ou g Tewell 
73 69— 14? 
Lon Hinkle 
71 71-142 
Bob E Sm ith 
7o 2 2 -1 4 2 
Jo h n n y M iller 
73 69— 142 
G e o rge A rch cr 
7! 71 — 142 
Tom Wetskopf 
72 7o— 142 
H ubert G reen 
69 73— 142 
B ru c e Devlin 
69 74 — 143 
G a ry Plover 
71 7 2 -1 4 3 
W ally A rm stro n g 
7o 73— 143 
Stan Lee 
73 7o — 143 
G a ry M c C o rd 
6 / 76 — 143 
G ib b v Gilbert 
69 7 4 -1 4 3 
G o v B rew er 
72 71 — 143 
G II M o rg a n 
72 71 — 143 
L o n n v W ad kin s 
72-71 — 143 
Lee E ld e r 
68 7 S -1 4 3 
R on C e rru d o 
71 77— 143 
F re d M ort! 
72 7 2 -1 4 4 
H ale Irw in 
71 7 J - I4 4 
Jim Sim o n s 
73 71 — 144 
M ik e M cC u llou g h 
72 72 - 144 
Bill Kratzert 
7o 7 4 -1 4 4 
L y n Lott 
72 72 - 144 
G ra h a m M a rsh 
73 71 - 144 
Bob W ynn 
7o 74— 144 
R od C url 
68 7 7 -1 4 5 
D on B ie s 
74 71— 145 
Bob G ilder 
7 5 / o -1 4 5 
J e rry M cG e e 
7o 75— 145 
J a y H o a s 
77 7 J -1 4 S 
Fu zzy Zoeller 
73 72— 145 
BHI M ollon 
7 1 7 4 -1 4 5 
M a rk Lye 
77 /4— 146 a L in d y M iller 
75 71 — 146 
W oody B lackb u rn 
76 7o— 146 
C ra ig Stadler 
74 77— 146 
K e rm it Zorlev 
73 73— 146 
D a n n y E d w a rd s 
73 73— 146 
E d Sabo 
71-75-146 
Bob D ick so n 
72 74— 146 
Joh n Schlee 
72 /4— 146 
Failed to Quality 
Peter O osterhuls 
74 73— 147 
L e o n a rd Thom pson 
77 75— 14/ 
B ob by Cole 
73 74 - 14/ 
Tom Je n kin s 
76 71 - 147 
H o w a rd Twltty 
73 74— 147 
John Jacob s 
75 / 2 -1 4 7 
T o m m y A a ro n 
77-75- 147 
A la n Tapie 
73 7 5 - 148 
Steve M e ln yk 
74 74 — 148 
Jim Dent 
76 7 2 -1 4 8 
Dw ight Nevil 
7S 7 3 - 148 
Gene Littler 
72.76- 148 
Vie R egalad o 
74 74 - 148 
M a rk H a ve s 
68 8o 
148 
B ob b y Wal/el 
71 77 
148 
C h a rle s Coodv 
74 75 
149 
D o u g San d e rs 
74 75— 1 19 
Tom Purtzer 
74 75 - 149 
B a r r y Jaeckcl 
73 7 7 - 15o 
Joe P o rlcr 
76 74 - 15o 
Bob M u rp h y 
73 77— 15o 
F o rre st Fe/ler 
72-78— 15o a Bill Sander 
75 7 6 - 151 
H om ero B lan cas 
78 74— 15? 
L a r r y Nelson 
74 7 8 - 152 
D a le H a ve s 
76 7 7- 153 
M ik e Reid 
77 76 
153 
E d d ie P earce 
78 7 6 - 154 
B u d Allin 
76 W D 
T e rry Diehl 
76 W D 

B A L T IM O R E ( A P ) — F rid a y s lead ers atter the first round of fhe $55,ooo G re a fe r B a lfim o re G olf 
C la ssic on the par 37-36-/3 P in e R id ge Golf C o u rse 
(a denotes a m a te u r); 
Jane Blalock 
3 ? 37 
69 
Silvia Bertolaccini 
36 33 69 
Jo A n n C orner 
34 36 — 7o 
Joyce K a zm ie rsk i 
35-36— 71 
M a rle n e H agge 
35 3 6 - 71 
M a rle n e Floyd 
35 J6 — 71 
Dot G e rm ain 
33 38— 71 
C athy M ont 
35 3 6 - 7 ) 
Betty Burfeindt 
35-36 — 71 
Ju d y M eister 
36 36— 7? 
T a ka ko K iyo m o lo 
37 35— 72 
S a n d ra B u rlie s 
36 37— 73 
Janet Coles 
J/ 36— 73 
M a r y H orner 
37-36— 73 
D ia n e Patterson 
37 36- 73 
Renee Powell 
J 6 37 — 73 
Beth Solom on 
38 35 
73 
D (topic Austin 
38 3 5- 73 
S a n d ra Palm er 
36 37— 73 
P e n n y PulZ 
38 3 5 - 7 3 
Kath y Postlewait 
39 3 4 - 73 
Porn H ig g in s 
38 3 5 - 73 
C h o ko H iouchi 
39 J5— 74 
K ath y M artin 
38 16 - 74 
S a n d ra Spuzich 
J 5-J9 - 74 
M ollie A nderson 
4o-34— 74 
Patty H aye s 
36 38— 74 
A m elia R arer 
36 3 9 - 75 
B e tsy M cW illie 
38 3 7 - 7 5 
Lee B u rk e 
39 36— 75 
V iv ia n Brow nlee 
36 39— 75 
D dsbie M eister Mn 
38 37 — 75 
M a rd e ll W ilkins 
37 38 - 75 
K a th y W hitw orth 
35-4o - 75 
Ju d y R a n kin 
37 38— 75 
C a ro l M a n n 
39-37 — 76 
Debbie M a sse v 
38 38 — 76 
M ichelle W alker 
39 37— 76 
Sh in a k o Y osh im och l 
37 39— 76 
D rtibie Skinner 
4o 36— 76 
M o rb o So sa k l 
J9 37 — 76 
D ale Shaw 
39 3 7 - 76 
J o A n n Dost 
37 39— 76 
P e g g y Conley 
4o 36— 76 
Janet A ulisi 
4o 36— 76 
B e v e rly K la ss 
38-38— 76 

W E E K E N D E R S 
The W eekenders Golf A sso cia tio n will con duct first ro u n d of 54 hole, th re e w e e k e n d to u rn e y 
Sa tu rd a y at O lm os B a sin Golf C ourse. Tee tim e is 
12:3o p.m. 

SA N A N T O N IO C O U N T R Y C L U B 
M e n s C lub C h a m p io n sh ip — 
C h a m p io n sh ip 
Flight: T ravis Bailey Jr. def 
B ru c e M c D e rm o tt, 
3 2; M ik e Fisch e r def. C h a rle s D re s se r, 4 2; R ic k 
Littleton def. M ik e O 'N e ill, 4-3; G e o rg e C a se def. 
John Case, 4 3. 
Laurel Flight: 
J a m e s Hut* def. 
R u sty Fuhrm ann, 2 1; E lk in M c G a u g h y def J. W 
N ixon III, 3 2; W aller D u n la p def. Joh n C. W eb bies, 2 up, BHI H olm es def. Jim F e rg u so n III, 6 5. 
Satu rd ay's P airin gs 
B a ile y vs. F is c h e r, 12:3o p m .; Little to n vs. G 
C a se , 12 35; 
H u ff v s. 
M c G a u g h y , D u nlap vs H olm es, both at 12:42. 

N O R T H E R N H IL L S 
D on n a Petty 77 1 4-63 , L o u ise G e n try 98 3 2 -6 6 . 

C A N Y O N C R E E K W O M E N 
Club tournam ent finals — C h am pionship Flight: 
Betty D obbins del. Isab el Fox, 3 ond 2, 
C o n ­ solation, 
Hazel Stocko rt def. M a rle n e B a ile y bv default. 
First Flight: 
Dot W hitls def. P h o e b e 
H an son , I up, 
Consolation, 
Je a n H o d g e s def. 
Helen M orse, 4 3. Second Flight: 
Pat H o u g e r dot. 
M a rie Smith, I up; Consolation, A n n S u lliv a n de*. 
L u c y C rystal, 4-3. Third Flight: 
Jo A n n Sticr dot. 
Lou Koine, 3 and 2; 
Consolation, 
M a rtie W ells def. M a r y Jo Anderson, I up. Fourth Flight: 
P h y l 
Holbert def. Betty B ielser, 2 up, Consolation, 
Jan 
Kutac dot 
Pat W illis bv default 
Fifth Flight: 
L isa Johnson del 
Joan B u ckle y, 5 and 4, 
Co n ­ solation, 
Jeannette K ie re n bv default 

F O R T S A M W O M E N 
Final results of Fort Sa m H ouston L a d ie s C lub c h a m p io n s h ip 
C h a m p io n sh ip F lig h t: 
N e ll 
C arte r and M a ry Lu ca s, 256 (w ill h a ve playoff at a later date); Irene W right, 264. L N , D e e M u rp h y , 
222. 
F irst F lig h t: 
L u F a r r e ll o n d T o m m ie 
D ahlen, 268; R o se m a rie W iley, 27o. L N , A n n a b e lle 
D vk e m a n , Pat B u ckle s and Flo M c G a ss ig a n , 227. 
Second Flight: 
Jean Sm ith, 288, In g a S k o v o rk , 
295. L N , M illie B ittner, V I B ro m le y a n d V e sta 
M o r r is, 224 
Third F ligh t: 
N a e L e ga te , 287; 
A n g u s F a g in , 3o3. L N , P e g g y V in c e n t, 224. 
Nine-Hole Flight: 
Helen G oidenthal, 156 
Second 
Flight: 
Buttons H aven, 169. 

H O N D O 
The Hondo Golf C o u rse will hold a to u rn am e n t 
Sa tu rd a y beginning at 2 p.m. T h e re Is a $5 e n try fee plus a green tee for the tournam ent. 

KIDS’ FISHING CONTEST 

ENTRY BLA N K 

No. 

Name: 

Address: 

Telephone: 
Age: 

BRACKENRIDGE PARK - LAM BERT BEACH 
MAY 21 
AGE: 5 through 14 years 
CHECK IN TIM E: 7:3o-8:3o a rn. 
FISHING TIME: 8:3o-11:oo a.m. 

Sponsored by the Anglers Club of San Antonio, P ark s and Recreation 
Department and the San Antonio Express and News. 

I hereby give my child permission to participate in a fishing tournament held at Brackenridge Park. Lambert Beach, May 21, 1977. 

Parent or Guardian Signature 

ENTRY D EAD LIN E 
R ecreation O ffice, 95o E. H ildebrandt, noon. 
Thursday, May 19. ENTRIES — Checked at LAmbert Beach between 7:3o-8:3o a.m. 

SA W G A 
Cham pionship Flight — 
LG . Lo p e P ro c to r. 8 ). 
LN . M a rg e Locke, 82 12 — 7o; Sue C ru m , 85 14-71. 
L P . Dottle M c N a m a ra , 33. 
Second Flight — 
L G . 
Jean Sim pson, 94, Jeanne Scovilie 94 L N , H azel 
Schubauer. 96 24— 72; Irene F ry , 96 22 
74, M a r sha Malone, 95 21 — 74. L P , E v e ly n Bechtel. 35. 
Third Flight — 
LG. Ruth H aw kin s, IO ? L N , K o y 
E h lin ge r, 1o3 2 8 -7 5 , Nett W itkow skt. 1o5 28 
77; 
Sally Lundgren. 1o9 3 2-77 . L P , je a n W ert*. 36. 
C A N Y O N C R E E K 
F in a ls cf nine hole tournam ent — M a r y C h a d well. 1o6, Jean Rotlerm an, 112, L ilia n M c C o n n e ll, 
IU , G in n y Reichenstem , 114. I P . Betty Jarrett, 
48 
O H CC 
Second round results of the M en s C lu b C h a m clanship 
C h a m p io n sh ip Flight: 
S a m R a b b def 
R ic k G o e r g e s . 3 2; 
C h r is H o u s e r d e t 
D ic k 
Stewart, 6 4. R ic h a rd W ilson def Bill G ib so n , 2 1; 
D ou g Sm ith dot C a rl Schenken, 2 up; Tom M o sle y def 
H a r ris Connell, 5 3; Jim W illia m s det. A ce 
Leske. I up; S u n n y Sn e ck n e r det. F o r d W hite, 
I up 
R o y Jon es def. J e rry Jaeckle, 2 1. 
F irst 
Flight 
A lvin Beal det D a v id M c M a h o n 2 1; Jim 
Hornby def. D irk Reiner, 3 2; Jock So m m e r del 
G a s Toute, 6 5; E. C a u o h e v def T om W o ke iv, 6 5; 
M erle Boeck det. lim M c N a b . 2-up. H e rb K a r r e n det. J e rry R e id e r, 5 4; L e s C ro u c h e r del 
D o n 
M iller. I up; E d Forester del 
R o g e r Zeller, ? I 
Second Flight: 
G e o rg e lo n g def 
B illy G ibson, 
4 3, L D 
R o b e rts def 
Jo h n Y a n tis , 3 2. 
S to n 
K orotkin det 
M ilto n R ic ks, 2-1; Sta n le y P is a n o de* Chuck Buren, 3 2; 
Second Flight Consolation 
D ick R ig g s del. B u d d y W in sto n , 5 4; 
W o o d y 
M c G ill det. Steve M c W illia m s, Tup, N ick M c F o d in def D a vid M cD e rm ott. I up. 
Third Flight: 
E rn ie 
Touslev del 
E d D u xsta d . 4-3; W a lly D ic k e rso n del. Tom D ra w e rt. T u p ; T im C o llin s def 
P a t 
G ardner, Tup; W a yn e Fretting def. Bill Mezzetti. 
I up 
Third Flight Consolation 
Jim W ig g in s dot 
Ron Rohde. 3 2, C onw ay C ra ig def. T om B e nesch. 
I up. 
Fourth Flight: 
Ted M a lo n e def. L y m a n 
Fink. I u p ; Bob C a llaw ay det F ra n k M o n fre y , 4 3, 
Bill Rohde dot Bill Ohed!, 5-4; D a n n v H ow ell dot 
F ra n k E n ge ls, 2 1 
Fourth Consolation: 
A u stin 
M osely det 
R u sty G e m m e r, 3 I; M a u ric e Sm ith del Lee Christopher, 4 3, T o m m y G r ig g s del M a c 
Burleson, 2 1. 
Fifth Flight 
Leo L u b e l de* 
D o u g 
Newton, Tup; W a y n e N ance del 
B u ste r H unter, 
3 2; Albert Coidew ov det C h a rlie W inter. 2 1; D on 
Hoppe def 
P a u l Fuller, 3 1. 
Fifth Consolation; 
Bob B ow ers det. P at O 'Connell, 2 1; Tom G o u ge r dot 
Pat Fren ch, I up; D ick A lte rm a n det. B illy 
Tosses, I up. 
TrniiknHioiiM 

C O L L E G E F O O T B A L L 
T E X A S A A I: 
H ead football cooch Git Stelnke announced his resignation to con centrate on his duties os athletic director 
C O L L E G E B A S K E T B A L L 
T E X A S A A I: 
Sign ed fo rw a rd K e n L o g a n ct San 
Jacinto Ju nior College. 
T E X A S ; 
Sign e d 6 3 g u a rd F o u l C h a d w e ll of 
GaM ow av O W estland H ig h in C olum b us, Ohio. 
R IC E : 
Sign ed 5 IO g u a rd Tom D c C e llo at M o u n t 
LeBonon, Pa. 
C O L L E G E T E N N IS 
S O U T H W E S T T E X A S : 
Sign ed w om en s tennis players M o g g ie T hom p son of South P la in s JC and 
E l P a so Bow ie and Lvn rtte P c h n ke of G a lve sto n 
Ball 

 lixiNoliall 

P R A C T IC E G A M E 
A U S T IN A N D E R S O N 2, M A R S H A L L I 
M a rsh a ll 
OOO 
OOO I - I 
I 
o 
A nderson 
OOO 
O H X — 2 
6 
2 
W illis, M oose (4) and Fran tze n , Tunnel!, C a rb o n 
<41 and T h om as W — C orb on L — M o o se (8 4). 
H I G H L I G H T S ; 
R alp h G a r c ia 's sin g le d ro ve in 
M a r sh a ll's only run. 
Irb y, w ho d ro v e in A n d e r ­ son s first run With a single, a n d W inn, w ho d ro v e 
In the second with a single, both had two hits. 
B ry a n t tripled a n d sco re d the w in n in g ru n on 
W in n 's hit. 

K E E R V IL L E T O U R N E Y 
K E R R V I L L E — The N otional B a se b a ll C o n g re ss 
K e rrville Zone T ournam ent will be held Ju n e 25 ?6 and Ju ly 2 3. T e a m s ore needed, with tee of $25 tor 
N B C and $6o for tournam ent. W inner go e s to state m eet in L a G r a n g e 
In te re ste d t e a m s s h o u ld contact J u liu s Scott, 7o8 T o m a h a w k , K e rrv ille . 
78o28, or call 257 6534. 
, 

S A T U R D A Y S G A M E S 
D istrict 78 AA 
Som erset at M e d in a Valiev, 7; 3o. 

W O R L D T E A M T E N N I S 
East 
W L Pct. G B 
Boston ft 
| 
S89 
New Y ork 
4 
2 
667 
? ' * 
Indiana 
* 4 
.6oo ?> * 
The Soviets 
3 ; 
JOO 5' 1 
Cleve PIM 
2 6 
2So 5 , 
West 
Sea Port 
5 2 j 
\4 _ 
Golden Gate 
4 
2 
<J67 
' • 
Phoenix 
4 2 
A(S; 
Son D iego 
2 
5 j 
Los Angeles 
1 g m 
5 
Fri day s Matches 
Cleve Pit* ot L o s A n ge le s 
Phoenix at G olden G ate 
Saturday 's M atches 
Soviets at San D ie g o 
Cleve Pitt at Phoen ix 
Boston at New Y o rk 

H o r s e 
H o e i n g 
* 

H A W T H O R N E : 
F e a t u r e 
W l g g l r s w o r lh 
($22 8o). M odel H u sb an d . Brite and B re e z y 
O ne mile In I 39 I - 5 
T H I S T L E D O W N f eatui e - M a stic (17.2o). G in 
M iss. Q uips and Quotes. 
S U F F O L K D O W N S : 
F e a tu re 
N ative H unter 
($21), M r. D om enlc F. Scoop A itio n 
Six fu rlo n g s in 1 11 3 
5. 
P I M L I C O 
$1o,ooo ((n o sie r H o n e y P u r s e 
- 
D a rk C h e rry ($3.7o), Bold ie n , K a th y s C ro ss. Six furlongs in I II 7/5. 
A Q U E D U C T 
$75,ooo C o rn e ss P r im e P u rs e - 
Clean Bill ($18 2o). R a ise A K in g, Zen Six fu rlo n g s in 111 I S 
A T L A N T I C C I T Y : 
F c o lu r e - 
D ix ie C h ie f 
($77 4o1, W in n e r of tw o , P a m p a s V illa in s ix furlongs In 1 1 o I 5 
L O U I S I A N A D O W N S : 
$3,6oo F e a tu re - 
P u ll 
W ind ($13 7o). B ig Red M an, Stu rd y M o n e y 
One mile and 7o y a rd s in 1:45. 
Shot ends fuss 

M IN NEAPOLIS (A P ) 
— Arrie R. Burch, 26, of 
Minneapolis, was hospi­ talized Friday after he got into an argu m ent with his golfing partner and was shot in the hand, police said. 

PIPE SMOKERS! 
WORLDS FINEST TOBACCO 
W O M A N PLEASING ARO M A 
MILD EXOTIC FLAVOR 
I GUARANTEE NO BITE OR MONEY 
BACK, POUCH FULL AND CATALOG 
ONLY $2.oo 
LARRY M DYER, TOBACCONIST 
|6912 SAN PEDRO 
SAN ANTONIO, TEXAS 7 8 2 1 6 1 
CALL (51 2) 824-1 2o9 
ANNIVfRiARY 

Tremendous reductions on hundreds of pairs of famous makes including Nunn-Bush, Dexter, Stacy-Adams and many others. 

G le am in g patent leather slip-on 

 with attractive metal side clip and moc front styling. In black, brow n, 

 blue. 

Reg 3o OO 

Distinctive monk strap plain toe slip-on features long-lasting comfort. Sizes 6V2-14, AA-EEE. In black or brown. 
Reg. 47.oo 

W € V € N B € R C 
(TMSSflQC 

Sizes over 12 add $2. 

SPECIAL GROUP - TWO LOW PRICES 

4asf 2988 & 3988 

AAA-D widths 
REG. 62.oo-75.oo 

HUNDREDS MORE TO CHOOSE FROM 

Reg. 24.95-34.95 

1 6 8 8 

Reg. 31.95-36.95 
2188 

Reg. 34.95-44.95 
2488 

Reg. 38.95-54.95 
2988 

B rO O h STANDARD MAKE SHOES) 

311 North St. Mary’s 

American Express 
Visa Charge 
Master Charge 
Shoppers Charge 

H 
San Antonio EXPRESS-NEW S— Saturday M ay 14 I 9 77 

“THE GREATEST SUSPENSE THRILLER 
OF THE DECADE” — Kona Barren, \B€-TV 
Willie was always great he’s just famous now 

By WILEY 
ALEXANDER 

WILLIE 
NELSON 
- 
Willie Before His Time 
RCA - APLI-221o 
Willie Nelson has been putting poetry to music for a long time and now 

 is receiving all kinds of raves and awards. 
But not alw ays so, 
W illie had som e long days of struggle when he first began. 
Willie was ahead of his tim e, most people said, but now the same people 

R e v i e w 

CENTURY 
11:45-2:2o-4:55 
7:3o-1o:o5 

ABC W ONDER 
1:45-4:2o-6:55 
9:3o 

CINE CINCO 
1:45-4:25-7:o5 
9:45 
I 
N O B A R G A IN MATINEE 
I ■ j 

NOW! 
I 
LIMITED FOR 
ONE WEEK 

 are wondering if tim e just wasn’t behind Willie. 
Willie’s friend Waylon 
Jen n in g s, along with 
R ichie 
A lb rig h t, drum m er, decided to re­ mix some of Willie’s ear­ lier songs before his world-wide fame. 
The main purpose of the album is to show it’s not a brand new Willie, 

 but i f s a b ran d new time. 
Such hits as “ One In A 
Row,” 
I’d Trade All of 
My Tomorrows,” and “ It 
Should Be Easier Now,” are am ong the m any songs W illie recorded which w ent unnoticed until his rise to fame. 
The entire album is composed of previously released selections ex­ cept for one, You Ought 
To Hear My Cry. 

The man who crossed the'Macon County 
Line'is back!" 

W M ’M RCIIMft N » , 

THE CAR sum * IAMES BROUN. H A M E E N HO YO . 

JOHN MARLEY. ELIZABETH THOMPSON 
RONNY COX 
A WM'* MJiiW • UC 
MMV I s»«• Po, wwk m m 

NORTHWEST SIX 

12:oo-2:oo-4:oo 
6:oo-8:oo- 1o:oo 

CENTURY SOUTH 

12:oo-2:oo-4:oo 
6:oo-8:oo- 1o:oo 

CINE CINCO 
1:3o-3:3o 
5:3o-7:3o-9:3o 

MAWN THEATRES 

 action-packed 
...terrific smashing-superior 
...excellent!" 

__ *-H ollyw ood Reporter 
RS**. 

WOODY 
ALLIN 
□ANE 
KEATON 
TONY 
ROBERTS 
CAROL 
KANE 
FAUL 
3MoN 
SHEI Lf Y 
DUVALL 
JANET 
MARGOLIN 
CHRISTOPHER 
WAL KT N 
COLLEEN 
DEWHURST 
ANNIE HALE 
A nervous romance. 
* iACKPnutN<> CHARLES M JOfn PRODUCTION wm* ty WOODY ALLIN rn MARSHA! IBAKMAN Orated by WOODY AUEN jpQ'htfpNflit o i f l f a 
P^w fbirtH A R U SH JOfW 
JgiUwtadArtists 

NORTHWEST SIX 
1 2 :o o - 2 :o o - 4 :o o 
6 :o o -8 :o o -1 o :o o 

CENTURY SOUTH 6 
1 2:o o - 2 :o o -4 :o o 
6 :oo - 8 :oo - 1o:oo 
CINE CINCO 
1:4o-3:4o-5:4o-7:4o-9:4o 

WINNER 
OF 4 ACADEMY AWARDS! 
“ N E T W O R K ” 

S A T .-S U N . 
M O N . - F R I. a 
7:35-9:45 
1 : 1 5 - 3 : 2 o - 5 : 3 o - 7 : 3 5 - 9 : 4 5 
I BLACK OAK 
CONSPIRACY, 

BASED ON A TRUE STORY 

BLACK OAK CONSPIRACY 
, ™, JESSE VINT. KARIN CARLSON • ALBERT SALM) 
SEYMOUR CASSEL • DOUGLAS V FOWL LY. ROBE RT F LYON;,..,,, 

A Z T E C S 
$ } 75 TIU 2 oo P M 
PLUS "NASHVILLE GIRL" 
"GIRL 
I T oo-2 IS S 3o-8 45 
O A K " 12 3o-3:45-7 oo-1o 1o 

Ii.A . MOVIES 4 
HAPPY HOUR TIU 1:3o P M. 
"O A K " I 15-3.15-5:15 
7 15 915 

UA CINE CINCO 
H A PP Y H O U R TILL 1:3o 
" O A K ” I 15-3:15-5:15 
7:15-9:15 

CAPITAN DR. IN 
“O A K " 8 5o-11 55 
PLUS EVIL IN THE DEEP 
1o:3o 

SZF 

 l f 23 
SA R O A IN TR, 
2:oo PM 
L IV E R Y O AT 

' * * * 
AU DAV 
ACROSS STURT 
M I , JUN 
W U KD4YS 
- m a s lo tm a l a m o r a n k g a r a c h tem 
$ 1 .2 5 TILL 2 :o o P M. 
"TO Y" 11:oo-2:15-5:3o-8:45 
MAGON 12:35-3:5o-7:o5-1o:1o 

 l l 

D R A G O N M A G A Z IN E 
IVIE!" 

^ 
^ 
^ 
^ 
K x d u s i v e 
! 

BRUCE LEE... his death avenged by 
BRUCE U The New Martial Aru Master 

The Kung-Fu Hit Mon couldn't make i t as a cop! He took matters into his own hands- ?* 

( B 
$1.25 TIU 2:oo PM 
GML 11:25-2:15-5:3o-8:45 
CONSPIRACY 12:3o-3:45-7:oo-1o:oo 
IM nm AM WHE3 ii 
I V E 'M A C O N C O M IT Y U H T a s a c x r 
ESST 
■ univ CABL SON . 

KIDS St OO ALWAYS 
ADULTS S I OO 
W ill 5:oo 
AFTER 5:oo S I SO. 

IKM FOE COVER 

 m m m iuriv M A jom 

I V 
I I 
M O M H m 
, 
P I C 
T U 
R E S $ 
1 
o 
o 
■ M 
■ 
TM I A T R S S O r S A N A N T O N IO 
« ■ ■ ■ * 
AGINX” 4:C 
7:15-1o:15 
BUG” 5:3o-8:45 
IN IO WunlMKn !*•» 

MANN THEATRE S 

FO X CENTRAL PARK' 
(INTRA! "ARK (HO..INC CINTI 
341 82831 

SPEC IA L K IS S M ID N IG H T 
S H O W TO N IG H T 
O R IG IN A L 
U N CU T 
V E R ­ 
SIO N C A N N O T BE SEEN 
O N 
T.V. 
“ M O N T Y 
P Y ­ 
T H O N 
A N D 
T H I 
M O L Y 
G R A IL ’ 

MIDNIGHT SHOWS 
FRIDAY & SATURDAY AT 
12:oo MIDNIGHT! 
FILMED IN 1951 SCIENCE 
FICTION MOTION PICTURE 
WITH 
PATRICIA NEAL IN 
“ THE DAY THE EARTH 
STOOD STILL” 
— ALL SEATS 1.5o— 

I n i R r a l a l t ' i 
WONDER 2 
A>»4Aibi»4 VwtR.mlitr HMIN 

TH PA R K M A LL 

'l-M MS* Notary Bt RT Til lf 
1:o5 
4:3o-8:oo 
1:o5 
4:3o-8:oo 

IN FOIJK D ECA D ES ONLY FOUR... 
TMF H()BF.“ " T H t TEN COM M ANDM ENTS" “ BEN-HUR' 
ANI) NOW 
FOH THE FIRST TIME... 
THE VAST, SPECTACULAR DRAMA 
THAT CHANGED THE WORLD! 

ParMvmon ■' lastmancolot 
AI ilirKo InL'in.RKindl ProdlKttoo 
Bv IdnK Fan Detnbuurv unde, aqrttmeiv with 
The hun VSbtom Company 
PG. "SIF finifockSiereol 

NEW LAUREL 
331o SAN PEDtO • 736-4551 

★ 
★ 
★ 
★ 

^W>:oo-):2ri 
7 4o 1ooo P M. 
I 
^■ALMAT J 

. R O C K Y 
I THE WINNER 
TAKES THE 
TITLE, BUT 
THE LOSERS 
COURAGE 
IS THE 
LEGEND." 
• 
SEE IT 
N O W ! ! 

 kids si.oo Always l i p " ! 
ADULTS SI GO lim n : 
UNTIL S OO 
In n *!! 
A rm 5:oo s u d . 

"fN TIB" 11:3o 
J:IS-7.oo-1o:2o 
_____ “iivritis- 
117 l i l t 
5:oo-8:45 
Si: 
SPECIAL HAPE 
M ID N IG H T SH O W 
TONIGHT 
BRUCE IEE ft JIM 
KELLY IN “ IN T ­ 
ER THE D R A ­ 
G O N ” 

BRUCE 
LEE IN 
“ENTER 
THE DRAGON" (*) 
P L U S 

“FIVE 
FINGERS 
OF DEATH", m y 

IDV si.OO ALWAYS 
ADULTS $1.oo 
UNTK 5:oo 
AHII! S:oo SU O. 
IIIH T i T l l iir m 

197o a Id 

BLAZING 11:45-; 
6:451o:15 
MONTY 1:3o- t l l I U , 
5:oo-8:3o 

THE YEAR’S CRAZIEST DOUBLE FEATURE! 

P L U S 
Mel Brooks' 
WBLRZING 
I SADDLES 

THI ORIGINAL UNCUT 
VERSION CAN N o I BE 
TIEN ON T.V." 

IN SPANISH SUBTITLES 

“MONTY 
PYTHON AND 
THE HOLY 
GRAIL" 

(Rh 
(PG), u 

So, as the album in­ dicates, if you’d like to know w hat you w ere m issing a few y e a rs back, give a listen to 
Willie before his time. 

KENNY 
ROGERS 
- 
Kenny Rogers 
UNITED ARTISTS - 
UA-LA689-G 
Kenny Rogers has a smash on his hands with this one. He combines the patented Kenny Rogers sound with the b ack ­ ground vocals of The 
Jordanaires to come up with a super release. 
The h ead lin er, of course, is 
“ Lucille,” 
Rogers’ biggest hit since 
“ Ruby.” 
But other songs make the album a w inner. 
Rogers does a great job on "Putting In Overtime at Home,” a song which gets better with each lis­ tening. 
The album also fea­ tures “ Laura, What’s He 
Got That I Ain’t Got,” and “ The Son of Hickory 
Hollers Tram p.” 
A rran g em en ts a re smooth and listening is easy. To p a ra p h ra se a co m m ercial, once you taste it, you won’t be able to stop eating. 

 f W k 
' 
-V 
,. -/rn 
%. s- 
...... 
§Sgfc:;,:,:, 

 finite 

Christa Carvajal clutches Michael Howard in a dramatic scene from the play “Miss 
Julie." The play will be presented at 8 p.m. Saturday and Sunday in the St. Phi­ lip’s College Theater and next weekend. 
Tickets are $2. 
Court orders artist group to obey law 

USO will recreate 
/J show 

ASSOCIATED PRESS 
EL PASO — A state district court judge has issued a permanent injunction here to stop an artist group, which has had San 
Antonio shows, from violating consumer protection laws. 

The local USO is going to give local perform ers a chance to show either how good or bad they are by putting on its own version of television’s 
“ Gong Show.” 
The show will be pre­ sented 8 p.m. Friday at the USO on 41o S. Alamo 
Street. The deadline for subm itting applications to appear in the show is 
Thursday. 
The local Gong show will be run like the tele­ vision show which a c ­ cepts all sorts of talent ran g in g from pie th ro w ers and cheerleaders to singers and concert pianists. 
The entertainers will be judged by a panel consisting of three local media personalities. 
The best act will re­ ceive $25 and the worst act will get $1o and a dirty sock. 
The 
USO is open 
W ednesday th rough 
Sunday. For information about the show 227-9373. 

The injunction by Judge Edward S. Marquez against Southwest Starving Artist Group, Inc. came after Texas Atty. Gen. John Hill brought suit alleging violations of the Texas consumer protection laws. 
The Dallas based company conducts traveling art sales throughout Texas and other states. Its last San 
Antonio show was in April. 
Hill’s office in Austin announced the injunction. 
Judge Marquez’s order forces the firm and its president Jam es McNabb to stop: 

• 
M isrepresenting the geographical origin or subject m atter of paintings offered for sale by using such business names as Southwest Starving Artist art sale. 
• Failing to disclose that paintings originate in several countries and m isrepresenting the number of artists contributing to the sale. 
• Using “ sale” or “ spring art sale” if prices are not reduced or representing by phrases such as “ this 
Sunday or Saturday only” that the sale is a non-re­ curring event. 

Judge Marquez also forced the firm to promin­ ently post their refund and return policy at their next showing in each Texas town and pay $5oo in investigative costs to the state. 

MEL BROOKS’COMIC MASTERPIECE!' 
- Hollis Alpert. SATU RD AY RE VIEW 

 e S t t t t I B 
H f f i 
N O R T H S T A R & ****** 
342-93o4 
JCT. SAN W D *o 4 IO O * 41o 
EVERY DAY'TIL 1.‘3oP.M.->1.5O I 
George C. Scott 
“Islands in the 
Stream'' g 

!:3o-3:35-S;4o-7:45-9:5o 

H A S LA N D ED 

12:2o 
2:4o 
5:oo 
7:2o 
9:4o 

[p o ! 

MCCRELESS 
533-o431 
I H. 37 at SO N EW S* AUNFELS 
Sl.OO ALL SHOWS AT AU. TIMES 

12:45-2:35-4:25-6: IS 
8.o5-9:55 
(Si 

 f 
HAPPY HOUR 
DAILY 
U N I T E D A R T I S T S T H E A T R E S 

AC ADEM Y AWARD WINNER 
BESIPICTURE 

 b y MW W w uw um c h m t q * . 
B 
E 
S 
T 
A 
B 
D IR E C T O R 
BEST FILM 
EDITING 

o \ VAT,I MHD AT IW K 6,1 THI 

o 
1 : 4 o - 3 : 4 o - 5 : 4 o - 7 : 4 o - 9 : 4 o 

WOODY 

* 
' ft* 
ALLEN 
J W 
IS BACK 

 t 

 t 

 t 
1 

 i 

I 

P G 

I 

UNTIL 1:3o ALL i 
SEATS $1.25 
“ 

I V * MHU*, Or IJJ IMI 1 

1 :o 5 

4 : 3 o 
8:oo 

FOR THE FIRST TIME— 
THE VAST. SPECTACULAR 
DRAMA THAT CHANGED 
THE WORLD! 

- 

 l i J H S l S H M 
R 1 so 4:js \ 
7 oo 9 ’ ’ I 

U M 
ACADEMY A W ARD 
Jj 

YOU’LL HOWL 
AT: 
DAVID 
.NIVEN 

H 

“ ANNIE 
HALL” 

MISSI NOIR OE COD, 
. v 
P G 
^ wmototi PABK r —• 

COLOR 

J* PA 

 i 
I 

o 1 2 : 5 o - 2 : 5 5 ; 5 : o o - 7 : o 5 - 9 : IO 

BRUCE 
MASTER 
OF MARNA! 
LEE 
“ENTER THE 
DRAGON” 

WINNER o 
BEST ORIGINAL 
. 
SONG 
P 

"EVERGREEN" jf 
~ t 
AC 

NORTHWEST SIX 
- 1:15-3:25-5:35- 
7:45-9.-55-12:oo 

CENTURY SOUTH 
1:15-3:25-5:35- 
7:4S-9:5S 

BROADW AY 
2:15-4 LO 6o5 
8oo 9:55 

UNIVERSAL 
12 OO 2 OO 4 oo 
6oo 8 OO 1o oo 

SAN PEDRO MISSION TO W N TW IN 

“ F R A N K E N S T E I N ” 8 :4 5 -1 2 :1 5 

“ D R A C U L A " 
1 o 

STREISAND • KRISTOFFERSON 
A STAR 
15 BORN” 

YH RAHM M A U 

COLOR 

» Milner, IU. m i l l ! I 

12:3o 2:4o 4:55 7:2o 9:45 
PAUL 
NEWMAN, 

________________ 
- - - — — ii n i i i 
»KisacsaBL»<p 

 i i 

1:4 5 -4 :2 5 -7 :o 5 -9 :4 5 
IT COULD BE 
TOMORROW ! 

P 
\ *ALZf M RL) AT 
IS 65? 
J 

P i i s « s * ii. 
1,11 ; 

JESSE VINT — THE M A N W HO 

CROSSED THE M ACON COUNTY 

LINE IS BACK TO BUST UP 
THE 
S L A P 

“BLACK OAK 

CONSPIRACYrn 
4* rn m m bbT 
S . 
S H O T 

Turtle Oieek 
Presents 

The 5th 
Dim ension 
Barbara 
Eden 

 in the Celebrity Stage Ballroom 
Wed.—Sat. May 18, 19, 2o & 21 
Two Shows Nightly 
7:3o & 1o:oo p.m. 
$1o.oo Per Person. 
Call 696-56oo 
For Reservations 

1-1o to Wurzbach to 383o Parkdale 

Mario Thomas: Privacy is something to be savored 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEW S— Saturday May 14 1977 

IO S AN GELES TIMES SERVICE 

B E V E R LY HILLS, Ca­ lif. — The press has often described her in acco­ lades worthy of fan-ma- gazine journalism: 
. . perky Mario Thomas . . 
"M ario Thomas, who looks so beautiful on the cover of Good House­ keeping, looks even bet­ ter in person . . , 
Mario Thomas, whose 
‘‘wardrobe’s so great that even Phyllis Diller would look stunning wearing it. . 
Marie 
Thomas: “ She’s a1! en­ ergy and ambition . . 
‘‘She even has a belly laugh that is contagious, a belly into which she stuffs Hershey bars with almonds and never gains weight . . . "Mario ... an impeccable hostess. . .” 
"H e r parties are so perfect down to the last detail that even her caterer learns something from her each time “ 
At 38, Mario Thomas is a curious amalgam of images: the strong-willed daughter who found an identity beyond that of being Danny Thom as’ kid, the slightly wacky girl in the old TV series 
"That Girl,” the movie actress who has always been described as "pro­ mising,” the stereotypi­ cal career woman who has never married and, more recently, the acti­ vist in the women’s movement. 

MARLO THOMAS discusses her car­ eer 

The Captain and Tennille will be in concert at 8 p.m. Tuesday in the San 
Antonio 
Convention 
Center Arena. Tickets priced at $ 7 .5 o and 
$ 6 .5 o plus service charge are now on sale at the Jam & Jelly Gen­ eral 
Store and all 
Joske's Stores. No ca­ meras or recorders will be allowed. For more information telephone 
828-6351. 

She may or may not have a magnificent war­ drobe, and she may or may not be enamored of 
Hershey bars, but she is not nearly so frivolous or so innocuous as much of her press would seem to suggest. Quoting Kathar­ ine Hepburn, Ms. Tho­ mas, laughing her belly laugh, says, "I don’t care what they print as long as it isn’t true.” 
Question — Are you trying to hide behind a lie? 
Answer — A lie? No, I just think you have so little that’s your own. 
For instance, 
I never have my home photo­ graphed, not because anybody cares. 
The whole world will live without ever seeing my house. The point is, it belongs to me. There’s so little that is yours, so why not savor it? 

A pretty woman, small-boned and slender, with lum inous eyes — her most striking char­ acteristic — and long black hair framing her face, she is sitting on one of her lemon-colored so­ fas in front of a m am ­ moth fireplace surround­ ed by lemon rugs, pale yellow walls and high- backed chocolate chairs. 
“One doesn’t want to be untruthful,” Ms. Tho­ mas says as she flicks her hair back, “but what obligation do I have to reveal myself? I mean, there’s nothing weird about my life. There’s nothing to hide; there’s just som ething to pre­ serve. There’s always this constant conflict in an interview between be­ ing honest and not giving away the things that be­ long to you.” 
To reach the Beverly 
Hills hideaway whose privacy she savors, one travels down an isolated road, parks in front of a high iron gate, presses the button of an intercom system and announces himself before proceed­ ing through a mini-forest 

San Antonio 
Symphony 
Update ... 

TONIGHT/16 
BYRON JA N IS 
Piano 
JOHN MAUCERI 
Conducting 

KIMSKY-KORSAkOV 

SAINT- SAENS 

R A V E L 

Scheherazade 
Go nee i*t No. 5 for 
Piano and 
Orchestra 

La Valse 

*Sat. 8:3o pm Theater for the 
Performing Arts 
+Mon. 7:3o pm Laurie Auditorium 
NOTE: 
Both perform ances 
NOR 

-Y SILLS 

Tickets 
Subscription Series $3 to $6.5o 
Also available at Record Hole 

RENEW YOUR SUBSCRIPTION 
NOW FOR NEXT SEASON! 

 and into a clearing that reveals a large English 
Tudor house reminiscent of the m ansions de­ scribed in Gothic novels. 
After such a journey, a visitor might easily ex­ pect to come upon Jane 
Eyre whispering of her imprisonment on the es­ tate, or Jane Austen serving high tea in the drawing room. 
Instead, one meets a woman who, in today’s parlance, might be described as The New 
Woman, fettered, it is said, by nothing and no one, the kind of woman those optimistic adver­ tisements must have in mind when they pro­ claim, “ You’ve Come a 
Long Way, Baby.” 
“I feel that I am a re­ source of m ine,” Ms. 
Thomas says halfway in­ to the conversation, “and that we all are. Most wo­ men are looking for so­ meone to come and rescue them. I was more or less raised to believe that I was my own re­ source.” 
Q. — You were raised to be independent? 
Cold word 
A. — The word one would use to describe that person is indepen­ dent. But independent is a cold word. What I am talking about is: It is a warm feeling to know that you can count on yourself. 
It is no idle comment. 
Throughout the evening, 
Ms. Thomas, an articu­ late, assertive woman, repeats the statement in various ways, so much so that it soon becomes evi­ dent she has constructed an elaborate philosophi­ cal system whose foun­ dation rests, for better or worse, on latter-day rugged individualism : 
“What I feel is that I am really running my own race, and it’s the only possible way I have of winning at the end. . .” 
UTSA teacher given award 

James Riley, asso­ ciate professor of m usic theory and composition at the 
University of Texas at San Antonio, has won first prize in the third annual Shenna 
Meeker 
M em orial 
Composers Competi­ tion.' 
The $5oo award is for his compostion entitled 
“Spheres.” 
Riley and two other composers who were fi­ nalists in the competition, recently had their works performed in Fort Worth by the Texas Little Sym­ phony. 
Following the perfor­ mances a jury awarded 
Riley with first prize in the competition. 
The jury was composed of: John Giordano, musi­ cal director and conduc­ tor of the Fort Worth 
Symphony Orchestra, 
Paul Cooper, professor of the Sheperd School of 
Music at Rice University and 
Karl 
Karte, professor in the Univer­ sity of Texas at Austin school of music. 
Riley’s prize-winning composition will be per­ formed during a special concert at the Kimbell 
Art Museum on Oct. 23. 
The Meeker competi­ tion is made possible by a generous bequest from the estate of the late Mrs. 
Julian R. Meeker of Fort 
Worth. 

Q. — Do you distance people or hold them at arm’s length because you won’t permit yourself any form of helpless­ ness? 
A. 
— 
Helplessness doesn’t mean you don’t take help from anybody. 
I’m talking about having some control over one’s destiny. To me, helpless­ ness is not really about people; if s about ele­ ments. In other words, you can just sit around forever and wait for somebody to make your dreams come true, or you can go out and find those people to help you make them come true. 
Esteem 
When Ms. Thomas says those words, she is ad­ dressing to any woman who will hear her. Her goal is to help women achieve “a better esteem of themselves.” And toward that end, she has become director of wo­ men’s interests for 
McCall Pattern Co., a position that allows her, among other things, to raise money to send wo­ men over 3o back to school or into the job market. Ms. Thom as would like to prove to women that they too can achieve enough psychic and economic viability to run their own races even as she was. 
Many actresses have achieved such indepen­ dence. Movie actresses in fact have always been 
America’s premier New 
Women: Katharine Hep­ burn, Bette Davis, Jane 
Fonda, 
Shirley 
Mac- 
Laine, Barbra Streisand, all of whom are known for their independence, their individuality. But neither their existence nor Mark) Thomas’ as­ sures that women will take their place as equals in the land of opportu­ nity, that women will have better self-esteem, that rugged individual­ ism will smash inequal­ ities. 

Metal exhibit opens Monday 

A silver, ivory and pearl pendant is one of the pieces in Daniel Jenkins’ exhibit. 

An exhibit of “ Recent 
Experiences in Metal,” jewelry and holloware designs by Southwest 
Craft Center instructor 
Daniel Jenkins, opens 
Monday at Ursuline Gal­ lery. 
The collection of some 
4o pieces includes brooches necklaces and pendants — mainly in sterling silver, with some designs incorporating ebony, ivory and pearls. 

The public is invited to attend the 6:3o to 8:3(1 p.m. semi-formal open­ ing. 

Jenkin’s work will re­ main on exhibit in the garden level gallery through June 27. 
Musical Mark Twain is set for Arneson 

A touring show called 
“ A 
M usical 
M ark 
Twain” is scheduled to open next week at the 
Arneson River Theater. 
The show will run 
Thursday through May 
22, 24 and 27 through May 
29. 
Pre-show entertain­ ment will begin at 8 p.m. with curtain time at 8:15 p.m. 
Tickets, priced at 
$3.5o, are available at La 
Villita 
Office and 
Joske’s. 
A ★ ★ 
The May issue of Town and Country Magazine gave the Paseo del Rio high praise in a ten-page article . 
Arthur Patricia Linden states: “By far the most enchanting and magnetic feature of this polymor­ phous area is the San 
Antonio River, where a brief horseshoe bend in the 15-mile course that 

R io ram blin gs 

 meanders through the city has become the focal point for its citizens and tourists and for lesson- seeking urban planners everywhere. 
The Arneson River 
Theater will be kept busy next week with two free concerts in addition to the Mark Twain presen­ tation. The concerts will 

 be sponsored by the De­ partment of Parks and 
Recreation. 
On Monday, Rudy Car­ rasco and his orchestra will present a show at 
7:3o p.m. The program is part of the Tempo ‘77 series. 
The Air Force Show- band of the West will perform in the theater on Wenesday, May 18. 
The 22-member group, known as “Dimension in 
Blue," will begin their concert at 7:3o p.m. 

4 4 1 ’2 C a lla g h a n 
4 3 4 - 6 6 1 I 
MON.-FRI. 7:3o-9:15 

M 
M 
S W M U . 
4 I JO Newts P e r r in 
4 7 4 . 1 3 7 1 
6 J 6 j 4 j « 
Sat. « Sun.: 12:3o, 2:15, 
4 ,o o , 5:4 5 , 7:3o, 9:15 
EVERY ONCE IN A WHILE 
A HORROR U L M Bl COMES 
A HORROR ( LASSIC 

 i~ r 
'lit 1911, I M A N K I NS 11 IN 

In 
D K A( I I A 
In l % « , K O H L M A R Y 'S H A BV 
Iii 1974, IH I. G Y O R I IS I 
From Beyond 
The Brave 

WHERE oEA1H IS JUST THI Bt GINNING 

I ho FHm You W ill R rm rm b rr MI Your U t e 1 

AU 
SEATS 

1.oo 

(PG) 

6 7 4 - 1 3 7 1 
4 1 4 - 3 4 5 4 
Diana Ross double feature 

Mahogany 

 ft w m o i tilak* 

A n n u l ) a u m III* 

PLUS 
LADY SIN G S THE BLUES ’ 
Mon.-Fri. M ahogany: 7:oo 

Lady: 9:oo 

M a h o g a n y , 2:35, 7:oo 
Lady: 12:1o, 4:35, 9:oo 

OLMOS 

4 7 o 5 Son Pedro 

NO 
SPEC. 
ADM. 

Orson Welles’ 
“ TOUCH OF EVIL” 
Orson Welles’ grimiest performance to date in probably the greatest 
’B ’ film of alf time 

I 2:oo-2:oo-4:oo-6:oo-8:oo-1o:oo 

STARTS SU N D A Y 
“ S IN G IN G IN THE R A IN ” 
“ A N A M E R IC A N IN P A R IS ” 

STARTS W EDNESDAY 

SPECIAL 
SUPER-Q 
MIDNIGHT 
SHOW TONIGHT 
“FLESH 
GORDON” 
LISTEN TO 
KSAQ FOR DETAILS 

BRUCE LEE 
ALIVE! IN! it 

(iiJtULilil 

BRUCE H E JOHN SAXON ANNA CAPRI TOVER THE M 
M 
V 
CO stalling BOB WALL SHIN KIEN ,nd mtroduw JHI HELDT 
Muse Late Schifrin ■ Written by Michael Alim Produced by Fled Wemtraub 3nd Paul Heller in association with Raymond Chow Directed by Robert Douse PANAVISION* TECHNICOLOR 
PLUS AT TEXAS 
— 1-----------------------* 
AN D DRIVE IN S :___ 

NORTHWfST SIX 

CENTURY SOUTH 

CINE CINCO 

13:1o- 2 :1o- 
4 :1o-6 :1o- 
8 : 1o- 1o:1o 

13:oo- 3,oo 
4 ,oo-6:oo 
8,oo I O O O 

LEARN THE S te m OF IHE 

12, 5o- 2,55 
5,oo -7,o5 
9,1o 

MSW MCERS 
VB 

TEXAS 
INrm • 11,3o-3,15-7,OO-IO,2o 
D IA W 1:15-5,oo 8,45 

SAN PEDRO 
TOWN TWIN 

'OffffATH 

S T A R R IN G 
LO HEH 
I 
TRAIL 
VARISTY 
“ ENTER” 8:45-12:25 “ DEATH” 1o:4o 

(oN1INUoU1 SHOWS ll A M (MClft UMIVfSAtl 

1 1 I C * l l I C Y 

OP S H N AN TONIO 

V B C U T A B U I T T U B I S X B B T I B 

V N U E K U I 
C IV Y I W IN 
P a l lo o k mr Rd 

MACK ll oo 2 OS 
\ 
S 1o o,2o 
(OVi I M S 1:4o A SO 
9,SS 
Bedroom 
Magic( X ) 

P L U S 
“LOVE THY NEIGHBOR 
AND HIS WIFE” (X) 

/ exclusive 
FIRST RUN IN 
SAN ANTONIO 
J J * W 

 swill 11.oo 1,2o 
14o 6 oo 12o ems 12 oo 2 2o 
4,4o 7,oo 9,2o 

PLUS " S H O U L D S C H O O L ! 
G IR L S T E L L ” ( X ) 
SKM 

"I SHOOK MY HEAD IN 
DISBELIEF WHEN C J 
LAING DID HER ROUTINE 
, 
• IT S A FEAT THAT MUST 
IBE SEEN TOBE BELIEVED! 

W O O D L A W N r a h 

PASSION H OS G M \ 
4,35 M S 1o oo 
IM C ! 12,IS 3,1o t *io t...I, id r n n u 
S SS l ls 
"THI X RATED MOVIE All OE 
SAN 
ANTONIO 
IS 
TALKING 
ABOUT!'’ 

X a p e s t R V 
A 
P /?4 4 to # 
A 

S tirrin g J O H N H O I M E S a t 
Jo h n n y W *d d , ' 

PLUS 
1*1 
“SPACE THING” ex) / 

NORTHWEST SIX 

“ANNIE HALL” 

THE CAR” 

“YOUNG 
FRANKENSTEIN” 

“ENTER THE DRAGON” 

“NASTY HABITS” 

“AIRPORT 7 7 ” 

S A N PEDRO 
“ENTER THE DRAGON” 
"5 FINGERS OF DEATH" 

PINK PANTHER STRIKES AGAIN' 
"RETURN OF A MAN CALLED 
__________HORSE__________ 

“YOUNG FRANKENSTEIN" 

"OLD DRACULA" 

VARSITY 
"ENTER THE DRAGON" 
"5 FINGERS OF DEATH" 

VALLEY HI 
"PINK PANTHER STRIKES AGAIN" 
"RtTURNO^^AFKALLEtniORSr 

■ “ fR K T r o a d " " " 

" F A N T A S M " 
" U N D F R A G F " 

" I N N O C E N C E O F G I R I A B R O A D 

CENTURY SOUTH 

“ANNIE HALL” 

“THE CAR” 

“YOUNG 
FRANKENSTEIN” 

“ENTER THE DRAGON” 

“BLACK SUNDAY” 

“AIRPORT 77” 

M IS S IO N 
PINK PANTHER STRIKES AGAIN" 
"RETURN OF A MAN CALLED 
HORSE" 

•YOUNG FRANKENSTEIN" 
"OLD DRACULA" 

KTFM M ID N IG H T SH O W S TONIGHT! 
THE NORTHWEST SIX SIX-PA CK 
'ANNIE < 
HALL' i A 'i 
W O O D Y ALLEN i l l 
DIANE KEATON ( P G ) . * 4 t J M 

HASTY HABITS . I 

B i 

GLENDA JACKSO N 
MELINA MERCOURI 
GERALDIN PAGE (PG) 

G E N E W I L D E R 

M A R T Y F E L D M A N 

L * 
M A D E L I N E K A H N 
-N 
TOUNG 

M 
K 
I * 

AIRPORT 

JACK LEM M O N 
LEE GRAN T 
M W 
(PG) 

L IS T E N T O K T FM F O R D E T A IL S 

TO W N TWIN 

“ENTER THE DRAGON" 
“S FINGERS OF DEATH" 

“YOUNG FRANKENSTEIN" 
“OLD DRACULA" 

TRAIL 
"ENTER THE DRAGON" 
"5 FINGERS OF DEATH" 

LACKLAND 
" B A C C A C I O S T Y L E " 

" C O U N T R Y H O O K E R " 

‘S W I N G I N G S O R O R I T Y ’ 

NORI H W i l l u t 

 n Is IA N I H M ! 

1 * 1 *1 1 VC * U N o u r o o o * (5 
N I 1 S I O N 
T W I N O U T D O O R T M I A T t R 

“P IN K ” 
8 :4 5 -1 2 :5 5 
Y A U K ! H I 

O U T D O O R TMI A T O ! 
RETURN” 
1o:45 
4 1o 4 M«*mo Bo 
Th 

 iBd 
474-33 

4:oo-6:oo- 

8 : o o - 1 o : o o 
*■ I * . l l . * I l l .t it , 

B A R G A I N M A T I N E E D A I L Y F O R T H E A T R E C A P A C I T Y 

F O R F IR S T P E R F O R M A N C E O N L Y . 
"HASTY 
HABITS 
THEE 
OUTRAGEOUS COMEDY! 
STARRING 

G L E N D A J A C K S O N 
M E U N A M f R C O U R ! 

( J E R A L D I N E F A G E 
S A N D Y D E N N I S 
A N N E J A C K S O N 

A N N E M E A R A S U S A N P E N H A u O O N - 
,— 
— 
P G 

- J 8 S F A S 
/ 
"INNOCENCE" 11:5o u .< c * 4ie i m r » : 

THE 
^ 
PINK PANTHER 
STRIKES AGM 

“ FANTASM” ,x, 
(THE WORLD OF SEXUAL FANTASY) 
.. 
> 
. 'N 
PLUS 

 s i t 

PLUS 
RICHARD HARRIS 
THE RETURN 
OF A MAN CALLED HORSE" 1*>1 H mmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmJrn 

“UNDER­ 
AGE’’ 
(X) 

*!■ 
P L U S 
- ’“INNOCENCE 

OF GIRLS 

ADBOARD” (X) 
Symphony Box Office 
223-5591 

Page 
I O C 
San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Saturday May 14 1977 
MUTT and JEFF 
PEANUTS. 
WADPYA mean, a r e 
WE SURE7WE CALLEO 
IT OOT DIDN'T WE ? t i 

 un ;e;3 R ealise S', "ri fa te me 
WINNIE WINKLE 

* WINNIE, 
WHERE are you eoiN&? 

 r - 

H'OO C A L L TOUR S ID E , 
A N O W E IL C A LL O U R S ! 
O U T IS O U T ! Q U IT 

STALLINS.' H IT THE B A L L ' 

T H A T 'S T E L L IN G 'EM , 

PARTNER!! U IE 'ft 6 o N N A 

 w i n a 

HOW ARE 

FEELING 
DEA R? 

 t e r r ib l e ! 
SPLITTING, 
BACK ACHES AND 

NURSE TELLS ME SHES 
FEELING MIGHTY LOW. 
SEEMS TO HAVE LOST 
THE WILL TO LIVE/ 

 jim x\ 
ANDY CAPP 

I HAVE AN IDEA T H A T j u s t M /& H T G iv e 
HER S P IR IT S A 
L IF T ! 

GII THORPE 

FERN WOODLY SINGLES 
TO LEFT... 

LISTEN IG O LIE DOWN 
AND ('LL COME OVER 
AND MAKE D IN N E R a n d c l e a n u p w h il e you 
R EST T 
JO H N 
C O M E S 
HOME ! 

J O H N ? 
M y 
HUSBAND'S 
NAM E ISN'T 
JO HN? 

IT 
IBN' 
OH, 
I M UST 
HAVE 
THE 
WRONG n u m b e r ! 

\sW 

5 l f 

A i 
T O L . 

• AMD MILFORD BEATS MADISON! 3 TO 2 

M 

WHAT A JOB.' JUST 
PERFECT, EH, P E T ? 

BEAUTIFUL 

5-/V 

TIMEKEEPER! JU S T 
S A T T H E R E WATCH I N ‘ 
OTHER peopl e A r r iv e < 
TO D O T h e w o r k - / 

• WTT OmW Him Mrwyn ■ LU 

W H E N d o y o u 
START? 

I D O N 'T -1 WAS 
LATE f o r t h e 
IN T E R V IE W 

JUDGE PARKER_________ _____ 

T ’L - - 
. — 
~ 
I ' D SAY HE WAS ABOUT k ; 
WHAT DID THI5 
\ SIXTY... VERY DISTINGUISHED 
CHARLES K A S P E R ),..A WAXED MOUSTACHE 
, 
LOOK LIKE, MR. J AND A GOATEE-., 
DRIVER ?. 

• ! 

5 

M ic € e o iN i; fer n!... txJan.Iisc.* 
' 

ON STAGE 

S A GOOP NEWS/ THERE WERE 
NO NASTY SURPRISES TODAY. 
NOTHING CAME IN THE MAIL, 
AND... OH-OH, WHATS WRONG?' 

COME SEE 
THE OTHER 
SIPE OF 
THE DOOR, 
DAISY... 

M EANW HILE, AT THE AIRPORT 

RED EYE 

5 CENTS IS CERTAINLY 
CHEAP EJSlOUCJ-U-IlL 
TAKE A TICKET 

O H , 
WOW/ 

YOU HAVEN'T 
SEEN IT? 

<5 

KELLEY 
GEE, AH BEEN 

T H IM K IN ' M O M WAS 
S O 
M E A N .... 

 l£GWAv 

AN' HERE SHE GOES 
AN’ GIVES ME THIS 
BEAUTIFUL BIG BONE 

IT WASN'T THERE 
WHEN I GOT BACK 
FROM SHOPPING... 
IT M U ST HAVE 
BEEN DONE LATER... 

WHILE 
YOU WERE 
IN ?.. 

I 

SEE LIVE 
COUGARS 
ONLY 5 
-U TT 

PU? 

P L O P 
/en tra nc e 

 r 
“ 77 

° 
S& £ 
# jill m a n- eatim6 I 
COUSARS 
$1S£ 

THE FAMILY CIRCUS r 
-■ 
DENNIS THE MENACE 

AH'M STARTIN' T* 
GET SUSPICIOUS 

/ 

-A -'L 
L. . —c *« 

^ X 

B.C._____________________ 

CO USIN, W IL L IE 
^ 

11 THE e O ^B ," IS C O M IN I Ye? 

V IS IT US. 

J U S T A M IN U T E ,..FO X ? IT T M E R E ,... 

WHY IS HE B A L L E D W ILLIE THE BOMB ? 

 r * ' T h 

THE WIZARD OF ID 

O M E 
N 
IPE BOSN 
TO LEAD— 
OTHERS TO 
FOLLOW 

5 - 1 4 
V V " ' 

J A X 

C o pyrigh t 1977, 
The Register and Tribune 

^■8*23 
KERRY DRAKE 

 you sit on the other end, Daddy, and make a hill?” 

/ 

 like it better when you smell of FLOUR an 
VANILLA!” 

ACROSS 

1 .Three (prefix) 
4 Quiz 
8 Montreal world s fair 
12 Author 
Fleming 
13 One (Ger ) 
1 4 ____ 
Breckenridge 
15 Unimportant 
17 Narrow 

NOT TILL I WALK OUT I ,« ^Urinh.m 
WITH THIS FORTUNE f . J® 
) 

‘ ,n" ‘ 
’ ,' ‘ ,“ kU,c 
21 CIA predecessor 
22 Fencing sword 
25 Marching cadence 
27 Method 
3o Old Testament book 
33 Large container 
34 Wind instrument 
36 Time periods 
37 Enthusiasm 
39 One of the 
Bears 
41 Sharp taste 
42 Study 
44 Sails, to sailors 

46 Compass point 
47 Receive information 
48 Boy 
5o Bathing place 
52 Idea (Fr.) 
56 Natural color 
58 Pinkness 
61 Australian birds 
62 Oriental potentate 
63 Ideal gas condition 
(abbr) 
64 Democrat 
(abbr) 
65 Alphabet 
66 Coral reef 

Answer to Previous Puzzle 

I 
D [ a 1 

VI 
E 
W I 

P 
A r 1 

S V □ I 

1 I 
A V 
S P H . 

C R U 

UNITED Feature Syndicate 

ACROSS 

16 Skilled 
2o Greek letter 
23 Poverty-war agency (abbr) 
24 Permeate 
26 Exploit 
27 Tread 
28 Christmas 
29 Band instru­ ment (2 wds.) 
3o Son of Obed 
31 Whole 

 m u 
/ 
* i 32 Snakes 
Million (prefix) 35 ConJunctlon 
Printers n o r 
. measure (pl | 
38 Convent 
9 Percussion in- inmate strument 
4o Triumphant 
1o Experts exclamation 
11 Kind of grain 
43 Put 

DOWN 

Tilts 
Fence timber 
Of India 
(prefix) 
Lamprey 
12, Roman 
Annihilate 

45 Island of saints 
47 Atomic weapon 
48 Set up golf ball 
49 Culmination 
51 Animal waste chemical 
53 Bureau 
54 Family of medieval 
Ferrara 
55 Glimpse 
57 Entertainment group (abbr.) 
59 Thus (Lat.) 
6o Tax agency 
(abbr.) 

1 Kind of noise 
6 Weakens gradually 
IO Settles from pressure 
14 Respect 
15 Send forth 
16 Little one: 
Suffix 
17 U S. satellite 
18 Unhappy 
2o Common fund: 
Informal c 
21 Montreal or 64 f ever 
Memphis 
65 Inactive 
23 Clears the board 
24 Geometric ratio 

46 
Burka: 
Skating champ. 
48 Keeps down 
5o Points a weapon 
52 Flexible tube 
53 Shaft projection 
56 Ship s spar 
57 Airline for 
Madrid 
6o Canada and the U S A. 
62 Where the 
Vatican is 

Friday s Puzzle Solved 

G A P E y A L T 
o A_ M [o N 

 a TvA /. y 
R x 
A x 
o % E 

Z i ’n c s I 
N G 
V x s £ 
A 

A x x K y 
H 
D w) I X T I 
R 
M A. I 
L 
F_ A c x 
T o f 
V 
E S a x L L F ’a s E 5 
o fTI y 
, 
L 
M A T E 
E R A 

 w A ’n 
D 
□ A C E s N A G 

£. x £ 
F AaK I lJ 
C H o L £. 
R JE S.Kl o a 
E D 
9 
H o R E s rannH auras 

I ] 
I E o o a ii i O □ 
I NJ6 w 
A XI E 
£j p JLc 
[ 
D EJ N 
A N % jjy R 
X A cj H x 
o Ii A 
Ll txJEJ 
T RJv x 
TLLx W_ 

I 
2 
3 
4 
5 
6 
7 
8 
9 
1o 
11 

12 
13 
14 

15 
16 
17 

18 
19 
2o 
■ I X 

22 
23 
24 
I 
26 

27 
28 
29 
■ 
3o 
31 
32 

33 
■ 
I 

 in co 

■ 
L 
37 
38 ■ 
39 

4o ■ 
4 , 

42 
43 
■ 

44 
45 

46 
I 

47 

48 
49 
I 
5o 
51 
52 
53 
54 
55 

56 
57 
58 
59 
6o 

61 
62 
63 

64 
65 
66 

— I 

25 Slender shoot 
26 Rhymer 
3o Fished for congers 
34 “ of fire” 
35 Sudanese monetary unit 
37 Harem room 
38 — Asther: 
Actor of old 
39 Living quarters 
41 Displease 
42 Fiddler crab genus 
43 Protruding pin 
44 Three- bagger 

11 Hitchcock, 
Smith el al 
12 Stick together 
13 Actor 
Mmeo. et al 
19 Projecting bay window 
22 Put into 
24 Depots. 
Abbr 
25 In good order 
26 Kind or photograph 
27 Assured: 
Slang: 2 words 
28 Dazzling effect 
29 Eat away 
Strait island 31 Flying 
8 Islam maneuvers religious 
32 Ancient instructor 
Roman offi- 
9 Sprinkle cial 
1o Contents of 33 Valleys a drain 
36 Texas team 

66 Brazenness 
Informal 
67 Undesirable plant 
68 Infants 
69 Festive affairs 
DOWN 

1 Man 
2 Trademark: 
Informal 
3 Dill herb 
4 No French 
5 Thank you, in Toledo 
6 Musical group 
7 Formosa 

4o Pronoun 
41 Ascend 
4 3 
Patrick 
45 Taking it easy 
47 Poured down 
49 Facets 
51 Superior quality 
53 Freight transporter 
54 Kind of bread 
55 Clare 
Boothe — 
56 Dissolve 
57 Friable earth 
58 Edison’s middle name 
59 Indigo and cochineal 
61 June words 
63 Oolong, for one 

J 
2 r 
M 4 
1 
14 

17 

2o 
__ 1i 

Ii 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Saturday May 14 1977 
Page I I C 
Nancy Walker has problems on ABC shows 

An insane asylum provides the backdrop on Channel 9 
Saturday at 9 p.m. w hen the 1919 Germ an film classic, 
“The Cabinet of Dr. Caligari, will be shown. 

M g f c l l g l i t s 

9 (Ch. 9) * ONCE UPON 
A CLASSIC - “ Little Lord 
Fauntleroy.” In this last episode, M inna’s claim that her son is the right­ ful Lord Fauntleroy is being investigated. Mr. 
Hobbs and Dick, con­ vinced that Cedric is in danger, arrive from New 
York to lend him support and protection. (R) 

Noon (Ch. 4) - TV-4 JOBS 
- Dr. Robert Lindberg, 
A ssistant P rofessor of 
Counseling, University of 
Texas at San Antonio, will discuss creative goal setting. 

Noon (Ch. 5) - THE CBS 
CHILDREN’S 
FILM 
FESTIVAL - “ Bag On 
Bag.” Six-year-old Alio- sha, nicknamed Bag on 
Bag because he is about the size of two school bags on top of each other, and his small dog Hitch are the main characters in this film from Russia. 
Hitch creates havoc in the a p a rtm e n t while 
Aliosha is at school, so one day he takes the dog to school in his bag, but little Hitch gets loose, disrupting classes. (R) 

2:3op(5)NASHVILLE MUSIC 
*Top Country StarsfAdv.) 

4 (Ch. 5) - CBS SPORTS 
SPECTACUIAR - Jam ai­ ca Invitational Track and 
Field Meet, featuring top a th letes from 
18 countries com peting at 
Ja m a ic a ’s National Sta­ dium; World Full Contact 
Karate Lightweight and 
Heavyweight 
C ham pionships, with 
Howard Jack so n and 
Benny U rquidez vying for the lightw eight crown, and Ross Scott and Everett Eddy com­ peting for the vacant 

“ Look at the bright side of things. What if all the errors you m ade were put into the n ew sp ap er ev ery day like those of a ball player?” — 
Mickey Mantle. 
One of the m ore costly defensive errors m ade in th 
U.S. I n t e r n a t i o n a l T eam 
Playoffs is sure to m ake most new sp ap ers. Not so much because the error was so gross, but more because some 
1ooo points went with the usually automatic decision of 
"third hand high." 

NORTH 
5 14 A 
♦ K J 8 2 
I Q4 
♦ K J 4 2 
♦ AQS 
WEST 
EAST 
4 1o 9 6 5 3 
♦ A 7 4 
♦ J 9 f K 8 2 
♦ lO 6 5 3 
♦ A Q 9 B 7 
♦ IO 3 
+ 9 7 
SOUTH t Q f A IO 7 6 5 3 
+ .... 
♦ K J 8 6 4 2 

V u ln e ra b le : 
E a st-W e st, 
Dealer: West, The bidding. 

West 
North 
East 
South 
Pass 
I NT 
Pass 
24 
Pass 
29 
Pass 
3* 
Pass 
3 NT 
Pass 
44 
Pass 
5* 
Pass 
6* 
Pass 
Pass 
Pass 
Opening lead: Five of dia­ monds. 

South first transferred to hearts by bidding the dia­ monds and then introduced his club suit. When North e v en tu ally p re fe rre d clubs o v e r h e a r ts , S o u th (Billy 
Eisenberg of L.A.) gambled a slam and hoped for the best. 
Eisenberg included this hand in his Bois Bridge Tip com ­ p e titio n w ith th e th e m e , 
‘Play low from dummy." 
West led the diam ond five and Eisenberg quickly called low from dummy. Dr. George 
Rosenkranz of Mexico City was East and he had a tough p ro blem . The p a rtn e rs h ip 

 heavyweight throne from 
Las Vegas, Nev. 

4 (Ch. 12) - ABC’S WIDE 
WORLD OF SPORTS - 
T oday’s show features the first day of tim e trials for the Indianapolis 
” 5oo” and coverage of a scheduled six-round jun­ ior w elterw eight fight between 
Sugar 
Ray 
Leonard and Willie Ro­ driguez from the B alti­ more Civic Center. 

4:3o (Ch. 4) - MINORITY 
FORUM - The United 
College Fund will be the featured topic. Guests include Mrs. D elores 
Ratliff, executive direc­ tor of the Ella Austin 
Community Center; Ms. 
Hattie Briscoe, attorney; 
Ms. 
Jo 
Long, co-ordinator of the 
Carver Community Cul­ tural Center; and Dr. 
Robert Hayes, president of Wiley College, M ar­ shall, Tex. 

6p(5)ROY & DALE HIT THE 
♦HEE HAW TRAIL!!(Adv.) 

6 (Ch. 12) - THE LAW­ 
RENCE WELK SHOW - 
Fun songs galore are in store this week for millions of fans in a par­ ade of happy melodies. 

7 (Ch. 4) - NBC SATUR­ 
DAY NIGHT AT THE 
MOVIES 
- 
“ E a r th ­ q u a k e .” (R) This one won an Academy Award in 1974, and it s ta rs 
C harlton' Heston, Ava 
G ard ner, George Ken­ nedy, 
Lorne G reene, 
Genevieve Bujold and 
R ichard R oundtree. It depicts the destruction of 
Los Angeles by two mas­ sive tremors that wreak havoc on the populace and the terrain. 

7 (Ch. 5) - THE MARY 
TYLER MOORE SHOW - 
(R) E ileen H eckert is back again as M ary’s aunt, the world-famous newspaper woman. This tim e she and Lou get along so well there’s even talk of marriage. 

7 (Ch. 12) - WONDER 
WOMAN - “ Wonder Wo­ man vs. Gargantua.” (R) 
A giant gorilla is condi­ tioned by a brilliant Nazi animal behavioral scien­ tist to cap tu re Wonder 
Woman. 

7:3o (Ch. 5) - THE BOB 
NEWHART SHOW - (R) 
This tim e one of Bob’s patients shocks the good doctor. E llio tt Carlin tells Bob about his ro­ mance with his new se­ cretary, adm itting that the romance is built on lies. While Bob is aghast, wife Emily sees nothing wrong in a few white lies to help a romance along. 

8 (Ch. 5) - ALL IN THE 
FAMILY - ( R) (P a rt 
One) Archie Bunker fans will find this one hard to believe. After Edith ig­ nores his am orous ad ­ vances, A rchie finds himself in a compromis­ ing situation with a wai­ tress, played by Janis 
Paige. 

8 (Ch. 12) - STARSKY & 
HUTCH - “ The Psychic.” 
(R) The daughter of the owner of a professional football team is kid­ napped and held for ran­ som, and S tarsk y and 
Hutch pin a slim hope of finding h er before the deadline on the efforts of a questionable psychic. 

9p(5)M ISS USA 

♦PAGEANT-LIVE 
51 BEAUTIFUL GIRLS(Adv.) 

 was using third best leads and West might have led from 1o-6-5-3, 1o-6-5. 5-3 or singleton five. If one of the first two, the play of the seven would be high enough. If one of the latter two, the play of the aueen would be better. 
Not an enviable decision to be sure but South's bidding might have suggested the a c ­ tual diamond void. So, after a n a g o n i z i n g h u d d l e , 
Rosenkranz went up with his queen and the siam w as made. Declarer ruffed, led a trum p to the ace and led the diamond king from dummy to ruff out East s ace. Another tru m p was led to dum m y's queen and d eclarer’s spade loser went on the diamond j a c k . L a te r , th e d e f e n s e sco red a h eart trick and d e c l a r e r ’s quick an d non­ chalant play at trick one had created a slam swing. 
W h e n t h e h a n d w a s replayed, the sam e slam was reached and West led his fourth best diam ond. This time declarer took time out to t hi nk an d w h atev er slight chance existed for East to m a k e t h e s a m e e r r o r vanished with the pause. 
Eventually, dum m y’s jack was covered by East s queen and there was no longer any swindle play to avoid one of 
South’s losers. 
Sometimes it does pay to play quickly and with no a p ­ parent thought. 

Bid With Corn 
South holds: 

5 -5 B 

South 
North 
14 
2* 
24 
2* 

A n sw e r: Two no tru m p. 
Shows a minimum opening, a stopper in the unbid suit and no particular reason to sup­ port one of responder’s suits. 

9 (Ch. 5) - MISS USA 
BEAUTY PAGEANT - 
All 5o states and the Dis­ trict of Colum bia sent their b eau ties to the 
Galliard Municipal Audi­ torium in Charleston, 
South C arolina, to be picked Miss USA. Singer 
Bobby Vinton will be a special guest entertainer. 
Bob B a rk e r and Helen 
O’Connell are co-hosts. 

9 (Ch. 9) - PBS MOVIE 
THEATRE - “ The Cabin­ et of Dr. 
C a lig a ri.” 
W erner K rau ss is fea­ tured in the title role as a travelling hypnotist who performs at local fairs. A murder occurs in one of the towns he visits and 
Dr. Caligari immediately becomes a suspect. Con­ rad Veidt, Lil Dagover and Friedrich Feher are also featured. 

9 (Ch. 12) - DOG AND 
CAT - “ Yesterday’s Wo­ m an,” with guest stars 
Susan Sullivan and Peter 
Mark Richman. Ramsey and 
J.Z . are investigating a big-time loan shark when they en­ counter a beautiful lady who turns out to be so- mone with whom Ram­ sey was once deeply in love. 

19:3o (Ch. 4) - NBC’S SA­ 
TURDAY NIGHT LIVE - 
Actress Shelley Duvall is host with sin g e r Joan 
Armatrading. 

1o:3o (Ch. 12) - SUPER- 
STAR CINEMA - “ The 
Awful T r u th ” starrin g 
Irene D unn and Cary 
Grant. Husband, believ- 

Last June, I was in Los 
Angeles to do interviews on new shows coming up in the fall. One of the interview s was with 
Nancy Walker for her 
‘‘The 
Nancy 
W alker 
Show.” 
I held on to the inter­ view because I thought her new series would catch on, while some of the others looked kind of iffy. Thought I better use those up first. 
Well, in January we were back in Los Angeles and another interview with Miss Walker. 
“ The Nancy Walker 
Show” was gone and was being replaced by 
“ Blansky’s Beauties.” 
As Nancy Blansky, 
Miss Walker would be working backstage at a 
Las Vegas nightclub. 
Now word has come down from ABC that 
“ B lan sk y ’s B eauties” will disappear. 

Established 
Before signing with 
ABC a y e a r ago, Miss 
W alker was well estab­ lished in two series, one on NBG, the other on 
CBS. 
In NBC’s “ McMillan,” the v e rsa tile actress played Mildred, the hou­ sekeeper. In CBS’ “ Rho- d a ,” M iss W alker was 
Ida Morgenstern, Rhoda and Brenda’s mother. 
She dropped out of both shows when she signed a contract with ABC to be­ come Nancy Kitteridge, a show business agent with a retired Navy husband, a kooky daughter, sort of 

On the Air 
LEONA PAPPAS 
T\ Editor 

 a walking disaster, and a gay secretary in “ The 
Nancy Walker Show.” 
She said she had a happy experience work­ ing with Norman Lear, who created “ The Nancy 
Walker Show” and “ we parted friends.” 
In discussing the prob­ lems with that show, all were of the opinion that it was too closed in. ‘‘I don’t think the area was big enough,” she said. 
“ We weren’t getting out of the house enough.” 
Since the dim inutive actress is known for her physial comedy, body work and m im e, h e r 
“ B la n sk y ’s B eau ties” was expected to be more successful. At least that was the hope. 
Born in Philadelphia, 
Miss 
W alker is the daughter of the famous vaudeville team, Barto and Marin. As a child, she travelled with her parents through most of 
Europe while they played engagements in theaters and music halls. Most of her schooling was at New 
York’s Professional Chil­ dren’s School. 
The actress made her 
Broadway debut in the musical “ Best Foot For­ w ard” and repeated the role for the movie. MGM 

 signed her to a contract and during the next se­ veral years she appeared in such film successes as 
‘‘Girl Crazy,” “ B road­ way Rhythm” and “ Meet the People." 
Returns 
Back on B roadw ay, success continued with such shows as “ On The 
Town,” “ Barefoot in the 
P a r k ,” 
“ Pal 
J o e y ,” 
“ Wonderful Town” and 
“ Look Ma, I ’m D anc­ ing.” 
In 1951, she m arried 
David Craig, a musical theater coach, and they have a d a u g h te r, 
M iranda. She said her husband says “ I ’m as funny as a cry for help around the house.” 
The 4’ IO” bundle of dynam ite d id n ’t stick with the singing and dancing and acting bit. 
She also got into direct­ ing and during her years with MTM productions, directed a couple of the 
“ M ary 
Tyler 
M oore 
Shows” and “ R h od a.” 
She has also directed on 
Broadway. 
Then there a re the com m ercials — for s e ­ veral years now she has been m opping up the mess with those Bounty paper towels. 
TV LISTINGS 

Pfegftim lu tin g s com piled in tim log o re furnished by th e re 
(•vision s to lo n s and o re s u b le t to lost m inute changes. 
The new sp ap er is not re sp on sibie w hen listings a re in e rro r 
RMo L-TV 
O -NSC 
KENS-TV 
o 
CBS 
KLRN-TV a id 
KSAT-TV 
IE 
ABC 
KWEX-TV 
Q ) —Ind. 

The W oody 

W ood p e cke r Show 

The P in k Panther 

 la u g h & Vi______ 

H our & V? Sh o w 

Sylvester & 

Tw eety 

Clue Club 

Spe ed B u g g y 

M on ste r Squo d 

Space G ho st ' 

F ran ke n ste in Jr. 

Big John, 

Little John 

L and of 

 the lo st 

Ara P arse gh ian s 

Sports 

TV 4 Jobs 

The Racers 

G ran d stan d 

M ajor le a g u e 

B ase b all '77 

Los A n ge le s 

D o d ge rs 

 vs. 

N ew York 

M e ts 

O utdo ors 

M in ority Forum 

M u sic Hall 

Am erico 

TV-4 Big N ew s 

N a n cy R u n n els 

W ild, W ild W orld 

 o f A n im als 

NBC Sa tu rd a y N ight 

 at the M o v ie s 

E a r t h q u a k e ' 

Charlton H e slon 

A v a G ardner 

G e o rge K e n n e d y 

T V -4 Big New s 

N an cy R u n n els 

N BC 's Satu rd ay 

N igh t live 

Sh e lle y D u vall 

(1 2 ) la te Show 

B u gs B u n n y / 

R o ad ru n ne r H our 

Villa Alegre 

M ister Rogers' 

N e ighborh o od 

Se sam e Street 

 tarzan , lo rd 

 of the J u n g le 

New A d v e n tu re s 

 o f B atm an 

S h a z a m / 

Isis Hour 

Fot Albert a n d 

 the C osby K ids 

Ark ll 

CBS C h ild re n 's 

Film Festival 

Kidsw orld 

S atu rd ay M a tin e e 

"Heorts o f th e 

G olden W e s t" 

Roy Rogers 

Thot G ood O le 

N ashv ille M u sic 

C olon ial N a tio n a l 

In vitation al 

Third Roun d 

Action 

CBS Sports 

Spectacular 

 eye w itn ess N ew s 

S ylvan Rodrtguez 

CBS Eve n in g 

New s 

Hee Haw 

 w ith hosts 

Buck O w en s 

 a n d Roy Clark 

The M a ry Tyler 

M oore Sh o w 

The Bob N ew h art 

Show 

All In The F a m ily 

Carroll o C on n or 

Jean Stap le to n 

Sally Stru the rs 

M iss U SA P a g e a n t 

Bob Barke r 

H elen o C on n e ll 

Star Trek 

(2 episode s) 

W illiam S h a tn e r 

( I ) H i g h l ig h t 77 

The Tom & Jerry/ 

M u m b ly Sh o w 

Jabberjaw 

Sco o b y C o o ' 

D y n o m u tt Show 

Once Upon 

A Classic 

Zoom 

In fin ity Factory 

Rebop 

Carrascolendas 

C roc ke tts 

Victory G olde n 

Five String 

Bre akdow n 

Ph o tograp h y 

W ord on W ords 

G uppies to 

G roupers 

 lo u ro W eber 

Folk G uitar 

Pionoploy 

The G arden 

Show 

C inem a 

Show case 

Nova 

The Ton gues 

 of M e n ' 

(Part O ne) 

The K roffts 

Su p e rs h o w 

Wk. r i u f 

Su p er frie n d s 

The O d d b all 

Couple 

A m e rican 

B an d stan d 

Dick Clark 

 is host 

O pinion 

Coco O hio 

8erlico Cornejo 

C o m m u n ity 

Report 

S p o rtsm an s 

Friend 

A fte rn o on M ovie 

"Von R y a n 's 

E x p re ss" 

Fran k Sin a tra 

Trevor H o w ard 

Edw ard M u lhare 

ABC s W ide W orld 

 of Sports 

People and 

Ideas 

School Talk 

 la Voz del 

E van ge lio 

El Show 

 de Cornuto 

Carm ita Jim e n e z 

Cine del S a b a d o 

"C o n Licencio 

 po ra M o to r" 

Fe rn ando 

C asan ova 

Em ily Crans 

Firing lin e 

W illiam F. 

Buckley, Jr. 

Low ell T hom as 

R e m em bers 

The W ay 

It W as 

Six Am erican 

Fam ilies 

PBS M ovie Theater 

The Cabinet of 

Dr C a lig a ri" 

The Best of 

Ernie Kovocs 

So u n d stag e 

M o n ty Pyth on's 

Flyin g Circus 

ABC E v e n in g New s 

Ted Koppel 

The law re n c e 

W elk Show 

W onde r W o m o n 

L ynda Carter 

Lyle W a g g o n e r 

Sta rsk y & Hutch 

D avid Soul 

Paul M ich ae l Glaser 

D o g a n d Cat 

Io u A n ton io 

Kim B asin ge r 

N e w sW a k h 

Rene G on zalez 

Su p erstar C in em a 

"T h e A w ful T ruth " 

Ire ne D u nn 

(12:3o) la t e Show 

"F ac e of 

 a F u g itiv e " 

Fonfarrio 

 falcon 

Sal y 

Pim ien to 

Oscar Zam o ra 

 is host 

 lu c h a lib re 

(W re stlin g) 

A qui Esto 

 le o p o ld o F e rn an d e z 

 la s A ven turas 

 de Capulin o 

Chespirito 

Arriba el Telon 

M usical v arie ty 

Box de M e xico 

(1 2 ) Sign O H 

 ing his wife has been un­ faithful, leaves her; then tries to win her back. 

Midnight (Ch. 4) • THE 
LATE SHOW - “ Lonely 
Are the B ra v e .” Kirk 
Douglas, Michael Caine and Walter Matthau star. 
Cowboy who escapes from jail heads for the mountains with his faith­ ful ho rse, pursued by sheriff and his posse who are aided by walkie- talkie equipm ent and a helicopter. 

12:3o a.m . (Ch. 12) • 
LATE MOVIE - “ Face of a F u g itiv e ” sta rrin g 
F re d M acM urray, Lin 
McCarthy and Dorothy 

Green. A m an, falsely accused of m u rd er, moves to a frontier town under an assumed name. 
His past catches up with him , although he has been an upholder of the forces of good in the town. 

 la(5)NIGHTFllGHT’77 
♦YOU ar* the STAR! 
1:ooam-6:ooant (Adv.) 

I 
(Ch. 5) - NIGHT- 
FLIGHT ’77 - “ The Mil­ lionaire: The Story of 
M a rg a re t B row ning.” 
The widow of a fam ed star of stage and screen sees an opportunity to 

 have her daughter follow in her father’s footsteps when she receives a cer­ tified check for 
$1,ooo,ooo. “ Wild, Wild 
West: The Night of the 
Red-Eyed 
M a d m a n .” 
The dementd leader of a fanatical army plans to overthrow the U.S. Army divisions stationed in the 
Souhwest. 

Approx. 3:3o (Ch. 5) - 
NIGHTLIGHT MOVIE - 
“ Station Six S a h a ra ,” sta rrin g Carroll B aker and Peter Van Eyck. A story depicting the lone­ ly, tension-filled lives of five men at a re m o te outpost who are suddenly confronted with the arri­ val of a beautiful woman. 

Nancy W alker, front-center, surrounded by a bevy of beauties, stars as a den mother to a group of Las V e g a s show girls in “ Bfansky’s Beauties” 
ABC steps lip news coverage 

Capulina 
8 p.m., Ch. 41 

NEW VORK TIMES SERVICE 
NEW YORK - Elton 
II. Rule, president of the 
American Broadcasting 
Companies, Inc., reports that the corporation will increase the operating budget for ABC News at least 25 per cent this year in an effort to strengthen it. 
That increase would be in addition, he said, to a five-year capital spend­ ing program for up-to- date news g a th e rin g equipm ent, principally hand-held m in ia tu re television cameras to re­ place the trad itio n al newsreel film cameras. 
Meanwhile, Roone Ar- ledge, newly nam ed president of ABC News and ABC Sports, who will take over the news di­ vision on June I, has al­ ready begun to talk with 

 certain reporters on ma­ jor newspapers and at the other networks about the possibility of their joining ABC News. 
Foreign 
It has also been learned that ABC News plans to install electronic equip­ ment in most of its for­ eign bureaus so that they can function as produc­ tion centers rather than merely as offices. 
Rule, in a speech to station managers at the 
ABC affiliates meeting in 
Los A ngeles, stresse d that ABC’s e n te rta in ­ m ent p ro g ra m m in g made extraordinary rat­ ing gains in the last year because it was different from that of the other networks. He then stated that ABC would seek to make progress in news in 

 the sam e m an n er, by taking new approaches. 
‘‘The opportunity awaiting a network that wants to lead,” he said, 
“ is to break away from the traditional mold, to find a new tack that will appeal not only to our present viewers but also to the m illions who presently prefer those old reruns, or no television at all, to any of the network news offerings.” 
News viewing 
To illustrate that point. 
Rule cited the fact that while the netw orks a t ­ tract 94 per cent of the viewers for their e n te r­ tainment program m ing in prime time, they draw only 74 per cent of the audience with the three evening newscasts. 
'Kiddie Porn’ shows Sunday 

SPECIAL TO THE EXPRESS NEWS 
NEW YORK- 
“ Kiddie 
Porn” — the story of how children and teen-agers are being used in porno­ graphic films and maga­ zines — is the subject of a 
“ 6o MINUTES” examin­ ation by co-editor Mike 
Wallace on Sunday, May 
15 on the CBS Television 
Network. 
Additional segments on this edition of “ 6o MIN­ 
U TES” will be a n ­ nounced. 
Viewers will be alerted on the broadcast that they may be offended and that they may not wish to watch “ Kiddie Porn.” 
“ In its nine-year his­ tory, ‘6o MINUTES’ has never covered a story as seedy, sad and shocking. as this one,” says Don 
Hewitt, executive pro­ ducer of the broadcast. 
“ However, authorities think it is important that the public learn about this subject.” 
Wallace and producer 
Barry Lando found that the controversy s u r ­ rounding child porno­ graphy goes beyond chil­ dren being shown engag­ ing in explicit sexual acts on the screen. 
Molestation 
Off-screen, th e re is child molestation, child pro stitu tio n , and the buying and selling of minors for use in these films and publications. 
In Los A ngeles, the cen ter of the boy-girl pornographic industry, 
Wallace speaks to teen­ agers who have ap­ peared in X-rated films and to Sergeant Lloyd 
Martin of the L.A. Police 
Department, who shows 
W allace 
Hollywood’s 
“ Meat Rack,” the area where young male pros­ titutes await their poten­ tial customers or offer to 
.pose in p o rno graph ic films. 
Until recently the po­ lice paid little attention to kiddie porn, but an increase in news store 
..stories about child mo­ lestation connected with 

 pornographic enterprises has p rom pted police raids on bookshops. 
“ Yet the biggest slice of kiddy-porn profits goes not to the bookshops, nor to the men who produce 
-the films in small fly-,--—_______ by-night studios, bul to H I M I M I the d istrib u to rs,” says ™ 
Wallace, 
“ the people who wholesale thousands of copies of film s and m ag a z in e s at huge mark-ups.” 
And who are the d istrib u to rs? Sergeant 
Martin says that “ some of them are pillars of the community.” 

He noted that while the network news pro­ grams are “excellent in professional quality” they are all .similar in style and presentation. 
Without specifying what new approaches ABQ 
News might take, rule suggested that a more broadly appealing news­ cast might gain some of the audience that does not now watch television news. 

% 
“ A ” 
I 
I AAUGER J 

Cleans clogged Sewers I 
I 

I 
II 

I 
Iinn 

 and Drains Best.. 

LOWEST PRICES IN TOW N 
FREE ESTIMATES I 
341-6124 I 

- 

■ Ct 
£>i/courrr n i l center 
CLOSED 

Page 
I 2-C San Antonio E X P R E S S-N E W S — 
Saturday M a y 14 I 9 7 7 

 f o r S a tu r d a y j 8o 
SO 

*■ FISHER 
RECEIVER 
NEW ARRIVAL 
SANYO 
I I 
RECEIVER 

OUR FIRST 
ADVERTISED 
DISCOUNT 

MODEL 1o4o 
SI' 
I V y \\> -v V ' 
Ti W (R) V ' 

 r 8o Data from ^q 7^ J 
9 o ' U 

NATIONAL WEATHER SERVICE. 
N O A A U S Dgpt of C o n m t K t 

CUSTOM 
HI 
FIS 
FIRST 
ADVERTISED 
DISCOUNT ON THE FISHER 1o4o AM EM 
STEREO RECEIVER WITH PLENTY OF ROOM 
FILLING POWER, TWIN TAPE MONITORS 
AND TUNING METERS. 

THE NEW SANYO RECEIVER, MODEL 
23oo, GIVES DISTINCTIVE STYLING, 
TWIN 
METERS, 
TWIN 
TAPE MODEL 23oo 
MONITORS 
AND 
UNBEATABLE INTRODUCTORY 
VALUE. NEW FROM CUSTOM HI FI 
SPECIAL 

Showort Stationary Occluded 

SAN A N T O N IO A N D V IC IN I­ 
TY — Portly cloudy and warm and h um id th ro u g h Su n d a y 
Slight chance of thundershowers 
Saturday. Southeasterly winds IO to IS mph dim inishing at ni|pt. 
Low Saturday in the mid-6os. 
High Saturday and Sunday in the low 8os. Sun rises at 6:42 and sets at 8:19. Moon is in the last quarter. Moon rises at 4.38 a rn. and sets at 5:32 p m . Tempera tures Pridav ranged from 65 to 
8o degrees. (N ational Weather 
Service forecast.) 
R E L A T IV E H U M ID IT Y — 52 per cent as of 8 p.m. Friday. 
R E L A T IV E P R E C IP IT A T IO N 
__otal rainfall for the 24-hour period ending at 8 p m. Friday, none; for the month, .41 of an inch; for the year, 14.1o Inches,. 
Accum ulated d e p a rtu re from ' normal for the month, minus .76 of an Inch; for the year, plus 5.13 inches. 
NQRTH T E X A S - C o n sid e r 
Ole cloudiness with a chance w ol thunderstorm s over the est and central portions Saturday and S a tu r d a y n igh t. P a rtly cloudy and w arm Sunday 
S O U T H 
T E X A S — P a rtly cloudy and w arm and hum id through Sunday. Slight of chance of showers or thundershowers. 
W E ST T E X A S — Scattered showers and thundershowers. 
N ATIO N AL — There will Pe a chance of r a in s h o w e rs over northern New England and the 
Eastern G reat L a k e s 
Widely scattered sh o w e rs and a few thundershowers will stretch from the Pacific northwest and south em California throuqh the inter mountain region, the R ockies and md^t of the Great Plains. 
Elsewhere it will be sunny. It will be cooler over southern and continued cool in the northern portions Of New En gla nd 
The remainder of the nation except 
Montana will be cool 

Texas skies still stormy 

223 VENTURI 
T I SPEAKER 
( ^ p i o n e e r TURNTABLE 
SLASHED 
MODEL A-1oo 

ASSOC!ATIO PRESS 
Thunderstorms and light rain extended over por­ tions of the Panhandle and North Texas Friday and cloudy skies prevailed over southern portions while 
East Texas remained under mostly fair skies. 
Winds across the state were south to southeasterly at five to IO miles per hour. 
Fog lingered in the central Panhandle and South 
Plains reducing visibilities from three to five miles. 
Temperatures ranged from 57 at Amarillo in the 
Panhandle to 8o at Brownsville. 
I he* National Weather Service said some of the. thunderstorms would move into South Texas. 

DIRECT DRIVE FOR BELT DRIVE 
PRICE. 
THE 
PIONEER 
P151o 
MANUAL 
TURNTABLE 
HAS 
SUPER SPECS, DAMPENED CUE­ 
ING AND REDESIGNED STYLING. 
AN 
UNBEATABLE 
TURNTABLE 
BUY. 

H A M ID 
QUANTITIES 

TEACS HRSI INEXPENSIVE 
FRONT LOADING CASSETTE, 
MODEL A-1 OO, HAS DOLBY 
FOR NOESI FREE RECORDING, 
THE CONVENIENCE OF FRONT 
LOADING AND TEACS TRA­ 
DITIONAL QUALITY 

MODEL PL51o 
DIRECT DRIVE 
AT BELT DRIVE 
PRICE 
Cleveland 
53 
Columbus 
5o 
New York City 62 
Philadelphia 
57 
Pittsburgh 
53 
Portland, Me. 49 
Washington 
61 

PATENTED 
T E X A S W E A T H E R 

Forecast 
EC! SPEAKERS 
STEREO 
SYSTEM mom 

City 
Temparture 
TURNTABLE 

MODEL 
H P 226oBX 

F O R E I G N 
Based on observations taken at 
7 a rn Friday San Antonio time 
Temperatures are in Fahrenheit 
(left) and Centigrade.) 

Am arillo 
55 71 
Cloudy, mild 
Austin 
65 81 
Cloudy, warm 
Laredo 
65 85 
Cloudy, warm 
Corpus Christi 
7185 
Cloudy, warm 
Victoria 
71 85 
Cloudy, warm 
Dallas Fort Worth 
66 85 
Cloudy, worm 
McAllen Brownsville 71-85 
Cloudy, warm 
Houston 
65 85 
Cloudy, warm 

TRUCKLOAD 
PRICE 
Aberdeen 
Amsterdam 
Ankara 
Antigua 
Athens 
Auckland 
Berlin 
Beirut 
Birm ingham 
Bonn 
Brussels 
Cairo 
Casablanca 
Copenhagen 
Dublin 
Geneva 
Hong Kong 
Lisbon 
London 
M adrid 
Malta 
Manila 
Moscow 
New Delhi 
Nice 
Oslo 
Paris 
Peking 
Rome 
Saigon 
Seoul 
Sofia 
Sloe knotm 
Sydney 
Taipei 
Teheran 
Tel Aviv 
Tokyo 
T unis 
Vienna 
Warsaw 

MR. CAP N COWN AWD CUSTOM HI H REALLY 
GOT TOGETHER ON THIS ONE. PfOSKHH SXS SO 
RECOVER EOS 12S3W THREE WAY SPEAKERS 
AND SANSO! * BUT DRIVE MANUAL TURNTAm 
COMPLEMENT EACH OTHER BEAUTIFULLY. TH? 
PERFECT GRADUATION GNT. 

M A R I N E 
W INDS — Northeasterly winds 
12 to 17 mph. Seas 3 to 5 feet. 
Winds and seas will be slightly higher in thundershowers. 
T ID E S — Port A ra n sa s (or 
Sunday: Highs at 2:13 a m. and 
12:o6 a m. 
L o w s at 
7:11 a.m.d7:33 p.m. Port Isabel for 
Sunday: Highs at 1:o5 a.rn and 
3 I? a rn 
Low s at 8 a rn. and 
8:2? p.m. 

K IS SM AII TWO WAY 
SPEAKER. THE SUPER 8 IS 
TRULY SUPER, WITH 8" 
WOOFER 
ANO 
SUPER 
TWEETER, 
WRAPPED 
IN 
WALNUT 
CABINET. 
UN­ 
BEATABLE FOR THE PRICE. 
MODEL SUPER 8 

BSR'S 
226o 
BX 
AUTO 
CHANGER IS THE PERFECT 
BEGINNERS 
TURNTABLE. 
AT THIS PRICE EVEN A 
TRUCKLOAD WON T LAST 
LONG. 

Lufkin 
67 
85 
San Angelo 
66 
79 
Waco 
68 
87 
S O U T H W E S T 
Denver 
52 
76 
Honolulu 
71 
82 
Los Angeles 
53 
68 
Las Vegas 
49 
71 
Phoenix 
63 
7J 
Salt Lake City 
48 
72 
San Diego 
57 
66 
S O U T H C E N T R A L 
Kansas City 
52 
81 
Louisville 
5o 
81 
Memphis 
52 
84 
Oklahoma City 57 
78 
St. Louis 
49 
83 
Wichita 
49 
78 

T E M P E R A T U R E E X T R E M E S 
Low est, 31 d e g re e s at Red mood, Ore. 
Highest, 95 degrees at Presidio ffiPIO M EER * 
551^ SPEAKERS 
SANKYO CASSETTE 

G R E A T E R S A N A N T O N IO 
Sun Antonio 
65 
8o 
S O U T H T E X A S 
Austin 
66 
84 
Beeville 
Brownsville 
73 
83 
Corpus Christi 76 
8o 
Cotulla 
67 
83 
Del Rio 
63 
83 
Junctibn 
66 
8o 
Kingsville 
69 
83 
Victoria 
68 
83 
T E X A S 
Abilene 
5o 
89 
Alpine 
55 
81 
Amarillo 
57 
67 
Dallas 
7o 
84 
El Paso 
5o 
VO 
Fort Worth 
67 
88 
Houston 
72 
82 
Lubbock 
58 
76 

DOLBY RECEIVER 
MODEL 

STD 151o 

PIONEER S BEST ' EVER. 
THE 
HPM 
LOO, FOUR 
WAY WITH 12" WOOF­ 
ER 
AND 
HPM 
SUPER 
TWEETER IS A BEAUTIFUL 
SPEAKER. 
CUSTOM 
HI 
FIS 
LOW 
PRICE 
IS 
EQUALLY BEAUTIFUL 

S O U T H E A S T 
Atlanta 
54 
8? 
Birm ingham 
SO 
84 
Charleston 
61 
87 
Jacksonville 
49 
83 
New Orleans 
6o 
86 
Raleigh 
44 
85 
Richmond 
56 
88 
Tampa 
61 
84 

SANSUi’S NEW RECEIVER, THE 8o8o DB, WITH FULL 
DOLBY NOISE REDUCTION, THREE WAY TONE CON­ 
TROL, POWER METERS, AND MUCH MORE IS LOADED. 
THE SOUND AND PRICE ARE A GREAT COMBINATION. 
TOP LOADING, DOLBY, CHROME SWIT­ 
CHING, AND CLEAN SOUND MAKE THE 
SANKYO 151o A BEST BUY 

N O R T H W E S T 
Bismarck 
57 
88 
Boise 
43 
77 
Casper 
43 
78 
Helena 
45 
75 
Portland, Ore 45 
66 
Rapid City 
55 
81 
San Francisco SO 
58 
Seattle 
47 
6o 
Spokane 
45 
6) 

CLOSEOUT 
PRICE 

MODEL 
HPM IOO 
MODEL 8o8oDB 
SO U T H A M E R I C A 

Asuncion 
Buenos Aires 
Lim a 
Montevideo 
Rip De Janeiro 

S A N A N T O N I O 
P R E C I P I T A T I O N 
1977 
1976 
Ave. 
Rec 
Jan. 
3.1o 
o.56 
1.76 
8.32 
Feb. o.91 
o.13 
1.65 
7.88 
Mar. o.88 
1.2o 
1.67 
4.19 
Apr. 
8.85 
8.41 
2.28 11.64 
M ay 
I 32 
5.8o 
3.45 14.o7 
1976 
1975 
Ave. 
Rec. 
Jan. 
1.61 
4.6o 
2.95 1o.44 
July 
5.39 
o.44 
1.69 
8.18 
Aug. 2.o9 
1.22 
2.36 11.14 
Sept. 3 79 
o.51 
4 59 15.78 
Oct. 
8.48 
2.25 
2.3o 
9.56 
Nov. 2.46 
o.o3 
1.37 
6.79 
Dec. 1.95 
1.48 
1.75 
6.22 

IONEER CAR SPEAKER 
NEW ARRIVAL v o c e 
HEADPHONE 
SUPERSCOPE rn CONVERTER 

N O R T H C E N T R A L 
Chicago 
59 
87 
Detroit 
58 
89 
Duluth 
59 
86 
Indianapolis 
54 
81 
Milwaukee 
62 
86 
Mmn-St. Paul 
59 
89 
Omaha 
52 
83 
Sit. Ste. M arie 47 
65 
N O R T H E A S T 
Boston 
6o 
7o 
Buffalo 
5o 
66 

M E X I C O 
(M e xica n tem pe ratu re s ap pear in both F ah re nh eit and 
Centigrade or Celsius. F a h re n ­ heit is listed first in each column.) 
Acapulco ........ 79/26 
91 32 
Guadaiaiara ...54/12 
9o/32 
Mazcitlan ........61 16 
81 27 
Mexico Citv ___ 55/13 
73 23 
Monterrey .. 
. 66 19 
75 24 

 mn 
M M I 
DUAL CONE n i a i N a i i t i ; 
■TURNTABLE 
OPEN 
AIR 
DESIGN 

TP7ooo 
ADAPTS TO 

ANY AM 

RADIO 

NEW 
FROM 
MARANTZ 
THE 
63oo IS A DIRECT DRIVE WITH 
AUTO 
SHUTOFF, 
BEAUTIFUL 
STYLING 
AND ..WONDERFUL 
PERFORMANCE. CHECK IT OUT. 
SASD is approved for 
$374,667 in federal aid 

MODEL 
HVI r AM FM STEREO 
R 
PUSHBUTTON 
TUNING, INDASH C 
8 TRACK PLAYER A 

WATTS 
RECORD 
PREENER 
A MODEL TP 252 n 
UNDERDASH 
8 TRACK 
SCOTCH CLASSIC 
CASSETTE 
HEADPHONE 
EXTENSION 
SoUNDGUARD 
RECORD 
PRESERVER 

SPEC IAI TO THE EXPRESS NEWS 

WASHINGTON - Three area school districts will be receiving federal a s­ sistance soon, U.S. Rep. Bob Krueger said Friday. 
“ A notice of the approval of tentative entitlements to funds and a portion of the money will arrive at the school districts within the next week of so,” 
Rep. Krueger said. 
The tax base in the affected school districts is reduced because of the presence of federally operated faci­ lities. 
San Antonio School District’s tenta­ tive entitlement is $374,667. The dis­ trict is certified for immediate pay­ ment of $262,267.1o. 
Other school districts to receive funds include New Braunfels with a 

 tentative entitlement of $4o,354 and 
$28,248.28 certified for immediate pay­ ment and Kerrville School District with a tentative entitlement of $42,866 and a certification for immediate pay­ ment of $3o,oo6.46. 
Other districts, reported by Krueger, to receive funds are Marathon School 
District, with a tentative entitlement of 
$3,o98 and a certification of immediate payment of $2,168.91 and San Angelo 
School District with $259,528 in tenta­ tive entitlement and $181,669.92 for immediate payment. 
Spokespersons from the offices of 
U.S. Reps. Henry B. Gonzalez and 
Chick Kazen said other San Antonio area school districts will receive noti­ fication of tentative entitlements in the near future. 

SCOTCH 
8 TRACK 
9o MIN. 
I 79 

SCOTCH CASSETTE 
CHROME 

9o MIN. 
$ 1 89 

MODEL 974o 
6x9 TRI AXIAL rn 
2o OZ. MAGNET J 

CAPTAIN 
CASSETTE C-9o 

JENSEN CAR SPEAKERS 

oDDS-N-END BARGAIN HUNTERS DREAM 
SAN PEDRO ONLY 

SONY T.V. 21 INCH I ONLY.................. 599.95 
SONY T.V. 12 INCH I ONLY........................375.95 
MARANTZ RECEIVER 223o 2 ONLY.............I 99.95 
MARANTZ RECEIVER 224o I ONLY.............. 369.95 
PIONEER RECEIVER 535 2 ONLY................... 169.95 
PIONEER RECEIVER 636 I ONLY................. I 89.95 
PIONEER RECEIVER 939 I ONLY...................349.95 
SANSUI RECEIVER 771 I ONLY.................... 249.95 
MISCELLANEOUS DUAL AND PE TURNTABLES .. CHEAP! 
PIONEER TURNTABLE PL55X. DEMO...............I 39.95 
PIONEER TURNTABLE PL45o DEMO................. 99.95 

ODDS-N-ENDS-BARGAIN HUNTERS DREAM 
HWY. 9o W. STORE ONLY 

PIONEER AMP SA52oo I ONLY.................99.95 
PIONEER TURNTABLE PL71 I ONLY 
219.95 
PIONEER TUNER TX95oo D EM O ........... 249.95 
PIONEER AMP. SA95oo I ONLY........... 299.95 
PIONEER 8 TRACK RECORDER HR99 DEMO. 129.95 
SANSUI RECIVER 661 DEM O................174.95 
SANSUI RECEIVER 771 D EM O .............. 219.95 
SANSUI RECEIVER 881 D EM O .............. 269.95 
MARANTZ RECEIVER 224o D EM O 
279.95 
PIONEER SPEAKER CS7ooG 2 2 ONLY EA. 139.95 
PIONEER SPEAKER CS63DX 2 ONLY 
199.95 

CUSTOM HI FPS 
MR. WATT AUDIO CORNER 

THREE HEAD TAPE DECKS HAVE A SEPARATE 
HEAD 
FOR 
EACH 
FUNCTION, 
ERASE, 
RECORD AND PLAYBACK. FOUND IN MOST 
REELS 
AND 
FEW , 
USUALLY 
EXPENSIVE 
CASSETTES, THEY 
ALLOW M O NITO RING , 
LISTENING TO THE TAPE AS IT IS BEING 
RECORDED. 

THE SECOND IN A SERIES TO HELP YOU UNDERSTAND HI FI 
SPECIFICATIONS: NEXT FM SENSITIVITY 

WE DISCOUNT 
PRICE 
NOT QUALITY 
SATURDAY MAY NTH 
TO PREPARE FOR THE 
CREA TEST SALE ON EARTH 

6738 SAN PEDRO 
PHONE 828-2888 

7515 HW Y 9o WEST 
IN LACKLAND MALL 
PHONE 673-6461 

3925 FREDERICKSBURG 
PHONE 733-o221 

CLOSED SAT. sunday 

FROM IO A.M. TO 8 P.M 

2o55 W. MALONE 

‘Fabian’ introduces Castle Wood Forest 
Castle Wood Forest has arrived in near northwes­ tern San Antonio’s rolling hillsides as an exclusive residential area to present a new, unique life style for the city. 
The heavily wooded commun­ ity was developed by the repu­ table Denton Development firm exclusively for the innovative custom builder Fabian Kraj-’ malnik, who owns F. K. Pro­ perties Inc. 
Solo performer 
Fabian, a custom builder re­ latively new to the San Antonio vicinity, already has established a fine reputation as one who ac­ tually originates ideas for con­ temporary homes of the most striking designs. 
He plans to do the same for his customers in his new communi­ ty, Castle Wood Forest. The neighborhood is situated, seren­ ely and conveniently, north of 
Wurzbach Road and between 
Lockhill-Selma Road and N.W. 
Military Highway, all north of 
N.W. Loop 41o and east of N.W. 
IH IO. 
Fabian built quality estate homes in the finer residential areas around Mexico City before coming to America three or so years ago. 
San Antonio subdivisions where he has custom built the prepossessing contemporary fa­ shions for which he has become locally famous include San Pe­ dro Hills, Hidden Forest, Chur­ chill Estates, Hidden Creek, 
Whispering Oaks, Woods of 
Shavano and Heritage Park 
Estates. 
But what will make Castle 

« UL 

F. K. PROPERTIES IN C . w ill fe atu re striking, co n te m p o rary d e sign s custom builder Fabian Krajm alnik in C astle W o o d Forest 

Wood Forest truly unique is that 
Fabian will be the only builder in the area. The community, then, will be very close to the epitome of creativity in modern housing. Of course, the innovator will be certain to match the ul­ tramodern designs with the beauty of nature the Denton firm has preserved so carefully. 

It really takes a lot of talent — even building ingenuity — to accomplish that. But, for Fa­ bian, it is not even something new. His imaginative designs for contemporary homes always 

 have been quite conducive to their surroundings. 
Since last June, Fabian has custom built as many as 22 homes in prestigious com­ munities around northern San 
Antonio. In Castle Wood Forest, of course, he expects to be kept quite busy. 
The master craftsman uses only top-flight architects in designing his homes for the most discerning customers. He chooses only the best of building materials to put in these houses. 
But he never overlooks fea­ tures of importance. Energy- 

 saving items, for instance, al­ ways are included in his homes. 
In fact, Fabian plans to give his 
Castle Wood Forest customers the option of solar assistance for their new homes. 
Rigid restrictions are applied to the homes Fabian will build in Castle Wood Forest. The fine finished products will be priced from $7o,ooo. 
Fabian also has plans to build some 13 garden homes in his new community. They will fall into a price range starting at 
$6o,ooo. 
Castle Wood Forest will have 

 lighted tennis courts as part of the amenities for the exclusive enjoyment of its residents. 

The community’s streets are wide, curbed and with sidewalks and streetlights. All utilities, for the most part, are underground so as not to mar the beauty of the natural surroundings. 

Castle Wood Forest’s location yields good proximity to North 
East District schools, major employment centers like USAA, 
UTSA and the South Texas Me­ dical Center, numerous shop­ ping facilities, entertainment 

 sites and a major expressway interchange. 
Be the “ early bird” to arrive at Castle Wood Forest this wee­ kend. There will be a wider se­ lection of homesites for first customers. A temporary sales office will be open this weekend. 
Exclusive marketing agent for the area is Billy Fellows & As­ sociates. 
Castle Wood Forest is reached most easily by Uriving north of 
Wurzbach Road on Lockhill-Sel­ ma Road to George Road, which serves as the area’s en­ tranceway. 

N EW H O M ES ^ 
T O W N H O M ES 
A P A R T M E N T S ^ 
San Antonio E X P R E S S-N E W S— Saturday M a y 14 1 9 77 
Page 

CO M M U NITIES 
FOR ALL K IN D S 
OF LIFESTYLES 
\\_ZZt°~LARGEST CLASSIFIED AND REAL ESTATE SECTION IN SOUTH TEXAS FOR MORE THAW IOO YEARS'! 

CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 
CLASSIFIED DISPLA Y 
CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 
CLASSIFIED D ISPLAY c la s s ifie d et Sp la t 
CLASSIFIED d is p l a y 
CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 
*-“ ?L A SSiF ilO D ISPLAY 
CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 
.................................................................................................................. .. 

Save Energy The 
Smart Way ! 
Briar vick 

The future is today in Briarwick where new homes boast these E N E R G Y -S A V IN G F E A T U R E S : 

• Masonry Exteriors • Extra Insulation in the Ceiling and Walls • Interlocking Thresholds * Power Attic 
Ventilators 
• Air Infiltration Weather Stripping 
• Custom-Engineered Central Air and Heat PLUS ti#* 
MICROWAVE 

\ . 

MUM 

 part®* 

ST A N D A R D !! 

N 

•This Royal Crest home includes a Litton Micro­ wave Oven. Conventional cooking and the con­ venience of microwave in 
■one self-cleaning unit. 

*»r 

•Based on VA purchase price of $38,2oo no down payment and 36o equal monthly payments 8% financing annually. 
Principal and interest 
$28o,38 
Taxes 
$52.62 
(NO) City taxes 
$oo.oo 
Insurance 
$19.oo 
MONTHLY PAYM ENT 
$352.oo 
$352 mo, 

CO 

494*1926 

Briarwick 
Loop 16o4 

Th 

•NO CITY TA XES 
•NORTH EAST SCHOOLS 

O PEN D A IL Y U N T IL A F T E R D A R K 

S u i 

 tv,SicIner royal crest homes 

3838 Briarcrest • San Antonio, TX 78247 

Unique . 

Unique is the only way to describe Tanglewood! 
Beyond its shaded entry, a community of exquisite homes awaits discriminating homebuyers. 

Tanglewood is not for everyone. The luxuries of plush carpeting throughout, fireplaces, beamed cathedral ceilings, privacy fences and the little extras that give each home a distinguished quality ... these are some of the features that make 
Tanglewood unique! 

 tam as 

 kit 

 abr 

S. 

 br 2 

A. 
H 

Ii* entry 

THE VISTA 
$42,6oo 

But see for yourself, furnished models are open daily until after dark. 

 util 

 br 3 

 gar 

New Homes 
$39,ooo to $55,ooo 

 i 
TANGLEWOOD 

 rM. OI 

696-817o 
Ray 
Ellison Homes 
P.O. BOX 525o ‘ SAN ANTONIO, TX 782o1 

( w r s & M t o fw u n in 

American College 
! of Real Estate. Inc 

31o f. ASHBY/SAN ANTONIO, TEXAS 78212 
(512) 736-2o75 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Saturday May I d 1977 
Homes feature built-ins 

 cu t unto Disney 

The added expense of furnishing a new home has been dram atically reduced with innovative built-in units in quality- built, energy-saving homes by the Burns Co. 
Designed to utilize all available space to give you more living space for your money, the built-ins eliminate the necessity of many furniture pieces most first-time home­ owners lack. 
Answer 
A Burns Co. home in 
The Great Northwest, 
Hidden Forest or Royal 
Ridge can be the dream-come-true answer for the family on a bud­ get who wants the ad­ vantages of home owner­ ship without the expen­ sive task of furnishing a complete home. With built-in units in the kit­ chen, den and some chil­ dren’s bedrooms, only the dining and master suite remain to be com­ pletely furnished. 
Kitchen activity may be centered around an updated version of the breakfast nook plan so popular during the 192os, with a corner area com­ plete with built-in seating and coordinated table, all under a shelved plant window. A home laundry center is tucked incon­ spicuously away behind pantry doors in one plan, and the stacked washer and dryer units are part of the total top-of-the-line 
General Ele ctric ap­ pliance package. 
Woodburning fire­ places, furniture-finished cabinetry and bookcase units are standard fea­ tures in Inurns Co. homes, with one design including 

Offered bv Burns Co. 

 a roll-out TV cabinet, completely antenna- wired, under the stair landing. 
Toy storage, drawer and cabinet space built into the walls and com­ partment closets help keep children’s rooms neat and organized with­ out a lot of additional furniture. Some ch il­ 

 dren’s bedrooms boast recessed bed alcoves, complete with six-inch foam mattresses and storage drawers beneath the bed. 
Every Burns Co. home is built with the proven 
“ Power Saver” con­ struction techniques to reduce the major cause of increased utility bills: 

 air infiltration. 
Bums Co. seals homes during several stages of construction to eliminate the unnecessary flow of air into or out of your home that creates in­ creased heating and cooling requirements and increased utility ex­ pense. And while 9o per cent of the added en- 

THUNDERBIRD ESTATES hom es m odeled by H.P. Orts Co. 

 ergy-saving techniques are invisible in a com­ pleted home, the differ­ ence they make will be clearly visible on your monthly utility bill. 
The Burns Co. invites all prospective home­ owners to see the ad­ vantages of owning a 
“ Power S ave r” home this weekend. Burns Co. representatives will be happy to show interested persons the power-saving techniques in homes under construction and the space-saving creative built-in units in their fin­ ished models. 
Located in The Great 
Northwest and Hidden 
Forest, Burns Co. models are open daily except 
Wednesday from noon to ti p.m. To reach The 
Great Northwest, drive north of N.W. Loop 41o on 
Culebra Road to FM 471, turn left and follow the signs. Hidden Forest is located off Bitters Road north of N.W. Loop 41o on 
Blanco Road. For a per­ sonal preview of homes in Royal Ridge, phone either sales office in the forementioned areas. 
Thunderbird Estates houses feature frill in ‘last great’ location 

Moderately priced homes built by the repu­ table IL P. Orts Co. are still offered in a presti­ gious, established north- 

C LA SSin iO DISPLAY 
CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 
Garden 
T^idge 

Q uality Hornes in a C o u n try 
Com m unity 
From 

*55,ooo 
651-6237 

L a d sh a w - M ille r 
Development Co., Inc. 

 western San Antonio res­ idential area aptly re­ ferred to as the “ last of the great locations” : 
Thunderbird Estates. 
Master craftsman Orts offers new homes here at prices today’s family can afford without making great sacrifices. The ve­ teran 
San 
Antonio builder does not believe that a fine home for the average family has to be a “ pearl of great price.” 
Price range 

As well, these homes with three and four bed­ rooms are ready for immediate occupancy. 
They range in price from as tow as $33,65o upward to only $36,ooo. Interest rates of 8 per cent are offered on VA and FHA 
CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 

•financing terms. Conven­ tional financing is also available. 
An excellent example of Thunderbird Estates homes awaits home hunters this weekend at 
6oo6 White Cloud. 
Typifying 
O rts’ affordable homes in many ways, this address features a paneled den, formal dining room, walk-in closets, finished two-car garage. Carrier central heat and air con­ ditioning, rear patio and 
Frigidaire appliances in the kitchen. 
Located well within 
Loop 41o, Thunderbird 
Esates is bordered by well known thorough­ fares: Ingram, Callaghan and Bandera 
Roads. 
Each yields easy access 

CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 
YOUR LANPLOBD 
■■■■ING TO 
UKE THIS AD. 

I'm Buddy Burns. And frankly, 
I've never understood why some people are willing to pay Sd5o or more a month to live in an apartment. 
So I asked a few couples who rent apartments in San Antonio, and here's what they told me: "W e don't have much furniture, and we can't afford a home right now." 
You Don’t Need Much Furniture. 
I was so surprised by the number of couples renting expensive apartments that I decided to de­ sign and build a home just for them. I call it my Power Sorer l l h Series. These homes offer all the energy-efficiency advan­ tages of my original Power 
Saver* homes, plus something extra . . . built in furniture. I ve included built-in breakfast nooks, built-m bookcases, built­ in guest beds and built-in seating storage. In some models, I've even included built-in ovcr-and- under laundry closets with the washer ami direr included. 

But Can You Afford It? If you and your spouse have a com­ bined income of $16,ooo, you can afford a Burns Co. Power 
Saver II * home. A home that makes your apartment look dull by comparison. A home with spacious living areas, plush deep-pile carpet, furniture- finished paneling and cabinetry, and a woodburning fireplace. A big, bright "wife saver" kitchen with General Electric appliances and plenty of cabinet storage. 
Luxurious baths with marble vanities, and full size tubs. And an elegant master suite with walk-in closets and separate- dressing area. 
Come See M y Homes Today. 
Take a few minutes this after­ 

 noon to see my new Power 
Saver II* homes in The Great 
Northwest. We'll give you an informal tour and answer any questions you might have about becoming a homeowner instead of a renter. For additional infor­ mation, call the area sales office 
(see map), or your realtor. You might even snow this ad to your landlord. With all the money he's making off your rent check, he might want to invest in a 
Burns Co. Power Saver IIH home himself! 
MfclU'C* 

11831 Radium, San Antonio, 
Texas 78216 

Buih in break last nook, 

 to the Southwest Re­ search Institute, South 
Texas Medical Center, 
Roger Executive Center, 
Methodist and Veterans 
Adm inistration hospi­ tals, Kelly and Lackland 
A FB s, a m ultitude of shopping centers, res­ taurants and entertain­ ment spots and other major destination points. 
The neighborhood is within the preferred 
Northside 
School 
District, and all levels of education are nearby, some even within walk­ ing distances. 
The exclusive market­ ing agent for Orts’ new series in Thunderbird 
Estates is Cornelius & 
Associates, Real Estate. 
The firm ’s owner, Walt 
Cornelius, invites other brokers to participate and cooperate in sales in this area. 

CLASSIFIED D ISPLAY 

UNLESS YOU PAY MUCH MORE. 

A great place to raise a fam ily 
. high on the hills of San Antonio. 
*33,65o io ’36,ooo 
8 % V A Financing 
FHA & Conv. A vailable 

Northside Schools 
3 B LO CKS F R O M ELEM EN T A R Y 
CLO SE TO 
HOLMES HIGH & SUL ROSS JR. HIGH 

These 3 & 4 Bedroom Homes Include 

• Frigidaire appliances 
(dishwasher, 
‘disposal, electric range • Finished 2 car garage • Formal dining room • Walk- in closets • Central heat and ditioning 
(Carrier) 
• Champered ceiling 

Mur HUD A F E. 
AND LACKLAND 

 air con- 
• Rear 
Patio 
Paneled den. 

Toke 
C a lla gh a n o ff 
Loop 
4 1 o 
W e st, turn left under b rid g e , con ­ tinue on C alla gh a n to W h ite Cloud. 
M ode ls open IO ’til dark 

M IS 

WALT C O R N ELIU S 

OFF. 828 6343 

RES 655 264o 

4412 RITTIMAN ROAD, SAN ANTONIO, TEXAS 78218 

..HOMES BY H.P. ORTS 

S a le s O ffic e 6 o o 3 W h ite Cloud 
O ff C a lla g h a n R o a d 
684-1386 
I 
1977 CLASS SCHEDULE 
AMERICAN COLLEGE OF REAL ESTATE 

Course Course 
No. 
Name 
SAN A N T O N IO — DAYTIME 
3o1 Practice of RE 
1o1 Basic Fundamentals 
2o1 Principles of RE 
3o1 Practice of RE 
1o1 Basic Fundamentals 
2o1 Principles of RE 
3o1 Practice of RE 
1o1 Basic Fundamentals 
2o1 Principles of RE 
3o1 Practive of RE 
5o1 Real Estate Law* 
•First Half 
1o1 Basic Fundamentals 
2o1 Principles of RE 
3o1 Practice of RE 
4o1 Prop. Mgmt. 
1o1 Basic Fundamentals 
2o1 Principles of RE 
3o1 Practice of RE 
6o1 RE Appraising 
1o1 Basic Fundamentals 
2o1 Principles of RE 
3o1 Practice of RE 
7o1 RE Investing 
1o1 Basic Fundamentals 
2o1 Principes of RE 
3o1 Practice of RE 
5o2 Real Estate Law* 
•Second Half 
1o1 Basic Fundamentals 
2o1 Principles of RE 
3o1 Practice of RE 

Beg. 
Ending 
Class 
Date 
Date 
Format 
(512) 736-2o75 
May 2 
May 6 
5 Day 
May 9 
May 13 5 Day 
May 16 May 2o 5 Day 
May 23 May 27 5 Day 
May 3o June 3 
5 Day 
June 6 
June 1o 5 Day 
June 13 June 17 5 Day 
June 2o June 24 5 Day 
June 27 July 1 
5 Day 
July 11 
July 15 
5 Day 

July 18 
July 22 
5 Day 
July 25 
July 29 
5 Day 
Aug. 1 
Aug. 5 
5 Day 
Aug. 8 
Aug. 12 5 Day 
Aug. 15 Aug. 19 5 Day 
Aug. 22 Aug 26 5 Day 
Aug. 29 Sept. 2 
5 Day 
Sept 12 Sept. 16 5 Day 
Sept. 19 Sept. 23 5 Day 
Sept. 26 Sept. 3o 5 Day 
Oct. 3 
Oct. 7 
5 Day 
Oct. IO Oct. 14 
5 Day 
Oct. 17 Oct. 21 
5 Day 
Oct. 24 Oct. 28 
5 Day 
Oct. 31 
Nov. 4 
5 Day 
Nov. 7 
Nov. 11 5 Day 

Nov. 14 Nov. 18 5 Day 
Nov. 28 Dec 2 
5 Day 
Dec. 5 
Dec. 9 
5 Day 
Dec 12 Dec. 16 5 Day 

1o1 
Basic Fundamentals 
April 3o May 8 
2o1 
Principles of RE 
May 14 
May 22 
3o1 
Practice of RE 
May 28 June 5 
1o1 
Basic Fundamentals 
Oct. 1 
Oct. 9 
2o1 
Principles of RE 
Oct. 15 
Oct. 23 
3o1 
Practice of RE 
Oct. 29 Nov. 6 

CORPUS CHRISTI-DAYTIME (512) 853-o776 

Weekend 
3o1 Practice of RE 
Sept. 26 Sept 3o b Day 
Weekend 
1o1 Basic Fundamentals 
Oct. 24 Oct. 28 
5 Day 
Weekend 
2o1 Principles of RE 
Oct. 31 Nov. 4 
5 Dyy 
Weekend 
3o1 Practice of RE 
Nov. 7 
Nov. 11 
5 Day 
Weekend H OUSTON— C O N R O E-W EEK EN D 

SAN A N T O N IO — WEEKEND 
3o1 Practice of RE 
1o1 Basic Fundamentals 
2o1 Principles of RE 
3o1 Practice of RE 
1o1 Basic Fundamentals 
2o1 Principles of RE 
3o1 PRACTICE OF RE 
1o1 Basic Fundamentals 
2o1 Principles of RE 
5o2 RE Law (2nd half) 
3o1 Practice of RE 
1o1 Basic Fundamentals 
2o1 Principles of RE 
4o1 Prop. Mgt. 
3o1 Practice of RE 
1o1 Basic Fundamentals 
2o1 Principles of RE 
3o1 Practice of RE 

May 7 
May 15 Weekend 
May 21 
May 29 Weekend 
June 4 
June 12 Weekend 
June 18 June 26 Weekend 
July 9 
July 17 
Weekend 
July 23 
July 31 
Weekend 
Aug. 6 
Aug. 14 Weekend 
Aug. 2o Aug. 28 Weekend 
Sept. 1o Sept. 18 Weekend 
Sept. 17 Sept. 25 Weekend 
Sept. 24 Oct. 2 
Weekend 
Oct. 8 
Oct. 16 Weekend 
Oct. 22 Oct. 3o Weekend 
Oct. 29 
Nov. 6 
Weekend 
Nov. 5 
Nov. 13 Weekend 
Nov. 12 Nov. 2o Weekend 
Nov. 26 Dec. 4 
Weekend 
Dec, IO Dec. 18 Weekend 

1o1 Basic Fundamentals 
2o1 Principles of RE 
3o1 Practice of RE 
1o1 Basic Fundamentals 
2o1 Principles of RE 
3o1 Practice of RE 
1o1 Basic Fundamentals 
2o1 Principles of RE 
3o1 Practice of RE 
4o1 Property Management 
1o1 Basic Fundamentals 
2o1 Principles of RE 
3o1 Practice of RE 
1o1 Basic Fundamentals 
2o1 Principles of RE 
3o1 Practice of RE 

CORPUS CHRISTI— WEEKEND 
2o1 Principles of RE 
5o1 RE Law (first half) 
7o1 RE Investing 
1o1 Basic Fundamentals 
2o1 Principles of RE 
3o1 Practice of RE 
5o2 RE Law (2nd half) 
1o1 Basic Fundamental 
2o1 Principles of RE 
1o1 Practice of RE 
6o1 RE Appraising 
1o1 Basic Fundamentals 
2o1 Principles of RE 
3o1 Practice of RE 
7o2 RE Finance (1st half) 

S Day 
5 Day 
5 Day 
5 Day 

July 11 
July 15 
July 18 
July 22 
July 25 
July 29 
Aug. 8 
Aug. 12 
Aug. 15 Aug. 19 5 Day 
Aug. 22 Aug. 26 5 Day 
Sept. 12 Sept. 16 5 Day 
Sept. 19 Sept. 23 5 Day 
Sept. 26 Sept. 3o 5 Day 
Oct. 3 
Oct. 7 
5 Day 
Oct. 17 Oct. 21 
5 Day 
Oct. 24 
Oct. 28 5 Day 
Oct. 31 Nov. 4 
5 Day 
Nov. 14 Nov. 18 5 Day 
Nov. 28 Dec. 2 
5 Day 
Dec. 5 
Dec. 9 
5 Day 

May 7 
May 15 Weekend 
July 9 
July 17 
Weekend 
July 3o Aug. 7 
Weekend 
Aug. 18 Aug. 21 Weekend 
Sept. 1o Sept. 18 Weekend 
Sept. 24 Oct. 2 
Weekend 
Oct. 8 
Oct. 16 
Oct, 3o 
Nov. 13 
Oct. 23 
Nov. 5 

Weekend 
Weekend 
Weekend 

Weekend 
Weekend 
Weekend 

April 3o May 8 
May 14 May 22 
May 28 June 5 
June 11 June 19 Weekend 
July 9 
July 17 
Weekend 
July 23 
July 31 
Weekend 
Aug. 6 
Aug. 14 Weekend 
Aug. 2o Aug. 28 Weekend 
Sept. 17 Sept. 25 Weekend 
Oct. I 
Oct. 9 
Weekend 
Oct. 23 Weekend 
Nov. 6 
Weekend 
Nov. 2o Weekend 
Dec. 4 
Weekend 
Dec. 18 Weekend 

Weekend 3o1 Practice of RE 
4o1 Property Management 
1o1 Basic Fundamentals 
2o1 Principles of RE 
3o1 Practice of RE 
7o1 RE Investing 
1o1 8asic Fundamentals 
2o1 Principles of RE 
3o1 Practice of RE 
KERRVILLE (512)896-1255 
5o2 Real Estate Law (2nd) 
July 9 
July 17 
Weekend 
1o1 Basic Fundamentals 
July 23 
July 31 
Weekend 
2o1 Principles of RE 
Aug. 6 
Aug. 14 
Weekend 
3o1 Practice of RE 
Aug. 1o Aug. 28 
Weekend 
LAREDO (512) 723-7421 EXT. 212 
1o1 Basic Fundamentals 
Aug 6 Aug. 14 
Weekend 
2o1 Principles of RE 
Aug. 2o Aug. 28 
Weekend 
3o1 Practice of RE 
Sept. 17 Sept 25 Weekend 
1o1 Basic Fundamentals 
Oct. 15 Oct. 23 
Weekend 
2o1 Principles of RE 
Oct. 29 Nov. 6 
Weekend 
3o1 Practice of RE 
Nov. 12 Nov. 2o Weekend 
MIDLAND-ODESSA (915) 697-4181 OR 694-6466 
3o1 Practice of RE 
May 7 
May 15 
Weekend 
1o1 Basic Fundamentals 
Aug. 2o Aug. 28 Weekend 
2o1 Principles of RE 
Sept. 1o Sept. 18 Weekend 
3o1 Practice of RE 
Oct. 1 
Oct. 9 
Weekend 
1o1 Basic Fundamentals 
Oct. 29 Nov. 6 
Weekend 
2o1 Principles of RE 
* 
Nov. 19 Nov. 27 
Weekend 
3o1 Practice of RE 
Dec. 1o Dec. 18 
Weekend 
SWEETWATER (915) 235-8441 EXT. 4o 

Oct. 15 
Oct. 29 
Nov. 12 
Nov. 26 
Dec 1o 

DEL RIO (512) 775-42o8, 775-3556 
1o1 Basic Fundamentals 
2o1 Principles of RE 
3o1 Practice of RE 
1o1 Basic Fundamentals 
2o1 Principles of RE 
3o1 Practice of RE 

EDINBURG (512) 775-3556 
PAN AMERICAN UNIVERSITY 
3o1 Practice of RE 
7o1 RE Investing 
1o1 Baste Fundamentals 
1o1 Basic Fundamentals 

1o1 Basic Fundamentals 
2o1 Principles of RE 
3o1 Practice of RE 
1o1 Basic Fundamentals 
2o1 Principles of RE 
3o1 Practice of RE 
TYLER (2)4) 597-o153 
July 3o 
Aug. 
7 Weekend 2o1 
Principles of RE 
Aug. 2o 
Aug. 
28 Weekend 3o1 
Practice of RE 
Sept. 1o Sept. 18 Weekend 1o1 Basic Fundamentals 
Oct. 22 Oct. 3o Weekend 2o1 Principles of REW 
Nov. 5 
Nov. 
13 Weekend 3o1 
Practice of RE 
Nov. 19 
Dec. 
4 Weekend 1o1 
Basic Fundamentals 

April 3o May 8 
April 3o May 8 
May 14 May 22 

2o1 Principles of RE 
3o1 Practice of RE 
Aug. 
W ACO (817) 752-o95o or 772-27o5 

May 21 
May 29 Weekend 
June 4 
June 12 Weekend 
Jun 18 
June 26 Weekend 
Sept. 17 Sept 25 Weekend 
Oct. 1 
Oct. 9 
Weekend 
Oct. 15 Oct. 23 Weekend 

April 23 May 1 
Weekend 
May 7 
May 15 Weekend 
May 21 
May 29 Weekend 
June 4 
June 12 Weekend 
June 18 June 26 Weekend 
July 6 
July 24 
Weekend 
July 3o Aug. 7 
Weekend 
Aug. 13 Aug. 21 Weekend 

SAN A N T O N IO — EVENING ST. M ARY'S UNIVERSITY 
2o1 Principles of RE 
3o1 Principles of RE 
1o1 Basic Fundamentals 
2o1 Principles of RE 
3o1 Practice of RE 
1o1 Basic Fundamentals 
2o1 Principles of RE 
3o1 Practice of RE 

May 2 
May 17 Night 
June 6 
June 21 Night 
July 11 
July 26 Night 
Aug. 1 
Aug. 16 Night 
Sept. 12 Sept. 27 Night 
Oct. 3 
Oct. 18 Night 
Nov. 7 
Nov. 22 Night 
Dec. 5 
Dec. 21 Night 

4o1 Property Management 
2o1 Principles of RE 
6o1 RE Appraising 
3o1 Practice of RE 
7o2 RE Finance (1st Half) 
1o1 Basic Fundamentals 
7o3 RE Finance (2nd half) 
2o1 Principles of RE 
5o1 RE Lw (1st half) 
3o1 Practice of RE 
T.o2 RE Law (2nd half) 

July 17 
July 17 
July 31 
July 31 

Weekend 
Weekend 
Weekend 
Weekend 
Weekend 
Weekend 
Weekend 

1o1 Basic Fundamentals 
2o1 Principles of RE 
3o1 Practice of RE 
6o1 RE Appraising 
1o1 Basic Fundamentals 

Aug. 14 Weekend 
Aug. 14 Weekend 
Nov. 13 Weekend 

AMARILLO (So6) 355-96o6 
2o1 Principles of RE 
5o1 RE Law (First half) 
1o1 Basic Fundamentals 
2o1 Principles of RE 
3o1 Practice of RE 
6o1 RE Appraising 
1o1 Basic Fundamentals 
2o1 Principles of RE 
3o1 Practice of RE 

BROWNSVILLE (512) 546-4284 
PAN AM ERICAN UNIVERSITY 
5o1 RE Law (first half) 

April 3o May 8 
Weekend 
May 28 June 4 
Weekend 
July 23 
July 31 
Weekend 
Aug. 6 
Aug. 14 Weekend 
Aug. 2o Aug. 28 Weekend 
Sept. 24 Oct. 2 
Weekend 
Oct. 3 
Oct. 18 Weekend 
Nov. 7 
Nov. 22 Weekend 
Dec. 5 
Dec. 21 Weekend 

July 9 
July 9 
July 23 
July 23 
Aug. 6 
Aug. 6 
Nov. 5 
Nov. 5 
Nov. 19 
Nov. 19 
Dec. 3 
Dec. 3 
(512) 425-4922 EXT. 44 or 46 
HARUNGEN 
TEXAS STATE TECHNICAL INSTITUTE 
1o1 Bas*-Fundaments 
1o1 Basic Fundamentals 
Aug. 13 Aug, 21_ Weekend JjjJ principles crf^RE 

2o1 Principles of RE 
3o1 Practice of RE 
5o1 RE Law (1st half) 
1o1 Basic Fundamentals 
2o1 Principles of RE 
Nov. 13 Weekend 3o1 Practice of RE 
Nov. 27 Weekend 4o1 Property Management 
Nov. 27 Weekend 1o1 Basic Fundamentals 
Dec. 11 Weekend 2o1 Principles of RE 
Dec 11 Weekend 3o1 Practice of RE 
7o1 RE Investing 
WICHITA FALLS 
(817) 322-o739 
July 23 

May 21 
May 29 Weekend 
June 4 
June 12 Weekend 
June 18 June 26 Weekend 
July 19 
July 17 
Weekend 
July 16 
July 24 
Weekend 
July 3o Aug. 7 
Weekend 
Aug. 13 Aug. 21 Weekend 
Aug. 2o Aug. 28 Weekend 
Sept. 1o Sept. 18 Weekend 
Sept. 24 Oct. 2 
Weekend 
Oct. 8 
Oct. 16 
Weekend 
Oct. 22 Oct. 3o Weekend 
Oct. 29 
Jov. 6 
Weekend 
Nov. 12 Nov. 2o Weekend 
Nov. 26 Dec. 4 
Weekend 
Dec. 3 
Dec. 11 Weekend 

2o1 Principles of RE 
3o1 Practice of RE 
6o1 RE Appraising 

3o1 Practice of RE 
Sept. 1o Sept. 18 Weekend 

Oct. 15 Oct. 23 Weekend Cn-> ac i io^a » 

HOUSTON-CO NRO E— DAYTIME (713) 273-25o6 
1o1 
Basic Fundamental 
May 16 
May 2o 
5 Day 
2o1 
Principles of RE 
May 23 
May 27 
5 Day 
3o1 
Practice of RE 
May 3o 
June 3 
5 Day 
1o1 
Basic Fundamentals 
July 11 
July 15 
5 Day 
2o1 
Principles of RE 
July 18 
July 22 
5 Day 
3o1 
Practice of RE 
July 25 
July 29 
5 Day 
1o1 Basic Fundamentals 
Sept. 12 Sept. 16 5 Day 
2o1 Principles of RE 
Sept. 19 Sept. 23 5 Day 

5o2 RE Law (2nd half) 
1o1 Basic Fundamentals 
2o1 Principles of RE 
3o1 Practice of RE 

July 31 
Weekend 
Aug. 6 
Aug. 14 Weekend 
Aug. 2o Aug. 28 Weekend 
Sept. 1o Sept. 18 Weekend 
Oct. 1 
Oct. 9 
Weekend 
Oct. 15 Oct. 23 Weekend 
Oct. 29 
Nov. 6 
Weekend 
Nov. 12 Nov. 2o Weekend 

1 
* * f ##«f ' 

CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 
CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 
CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 

EXPOSURE 

TO FINE LIVING. 

-a aa*?,.,,. 
..-y * • jNHS i 
<y'1 WA#* f.HWH 

Ix 

"ic 

M 
G 
H 
* ^ 
IlMftlMi 
COUNTRY 

E 
S 
T 
A 
T 
E 
S 
New homes from $42,1oo 
656-4471 

NORTH EAST SCHOOLS 

 lf you're looking for a new home, you want the F IN EST Y O U R M O N E Y C A N B U Y . . . 
You get that in a new Coates Development 
Company home! 

These fine quality homes blend native woods, stone and rock fireplaces, ceramic tile entries, marble vanities and big windows. 
Plus the luxuries of rich carpeting, decorator interiors, cathedral ceilings, wet bars, huge master suites and modern kitchens are found in the most preferred floor plans. 

When you choose a new 
Coates home, you have your choice of excellent communities . . . Meadow 
Wood North and High 
Country Estates! 

MEADOW 
WOOD 
AORT1K 
New homes from $34,ooo 
494-6163 

T 
~ 

W H ISTH I ixncnen 

■ n 

MAbTtR 
B l CROOM 

DINING r 

(QUAI MOUSX* 
OFFomumir 

COATES DEVELOPMENT CO. 

 m fn d s o R 
Inc 

B U IL D IN G C R E A T IV E L Y 
FO R YO U 

GRAND OPENING! 
A NEW DISCOVERY 
IN LIVING 

I 

M A S T E R 

-B A T H 
B E D R O O M 

New Homes 
$3o,65o to $33,7oo 

2 C A R G A R A G E 

S U N K E N 

L IV IN G R O O M 

 n 

 continues its debut this weekend in Emerald Valley! 

New luxury homes have such features as: fireplaces, exquisite carpeting, sunken living areas, cathedral ceilings and modern kitchens with range, vent hood, dishwasher and disposer. 
Living in Emerald Valley is like having your cake and eating it too! You can enjoy all the benefits of homeownership — income tax advantages, equity build-up and the satisfaction of owning your own home. 
And, at the same time, you get the privileges of Emerald Valley's community club with junior Olympic swimming pool, lighted tennis and basketball courts. 

7 ** v 
_ e * 

 lr ii 
/TX1 

COMMUNITY CLUB 
■ Swimming 
■ Tennis 
■ Basketball 

■ NO CITY TAXES 

■ NORTHSIDE SCHOOLS 

$3l8*mo. 

‘ Based on V A purchase price of $32,875, no down payment and 36o equal monthly payments at 8% annually. 
J 
Us* 
A 

J I 

EMERALD 
VALLEY 

D IR E C T IO N S 
G o north of Loop 41o on Culebra to F M 471, turn left, follow the signs. 

M ED ICAL! 
^CENTER mer a1 cl kl ley684-1383 

BK H Ss^ 

 v t " * 

EM ERALD VALLEY m odels latest W in d sor hom es 
Emerald Valley showing models hundreds toured 

Hundreds of San An­ tonians visited the grand opening of Emerald Val­ ley last week. The re­ sponse, in a word, was overwhelming. 
The new 
Windsor homes, priced from 
$3o,65o, present a new alternative in living. Sin­ gles, seeking an invest­ ment and tax shelter, are finding Emerald Valley perfect for their life styles and budgets. 
Luxuries 
Couples whose children have moved away are finding Emerald Valley homes most conducive to their way of living: less unused space and more luxuries. 
Payments are as low as 
$297 a month* — less than most rents. (*Based on VA purchase price of 

$3o,65o, no down pay­ ment, no closing costs and 3oo equal monthly payments of $297 at 8 per cent annual percentage rate.) 
An important benefit of living in Emerald Valley is membership in the community club, which features a junior Olym­ pic swimming pool, lighted tennis and bas­ ketball courts. Children attend the excellent 
Northside 
District schools. 
These new three-be­ droom homes have all the luxury features you’d want. Fireplaces, sunken living areas, luxurious carpeting, cathedral ceilings, garden kit­ chens, patios and en­ ergy-saving central ail and heat arc just some of them. All-electric kit­ 

 chens include range, hood, dishwasher, dis­ poser, beautiful cabinets and pantries. 

There are no city taxes in Emerald Valley, which means a lower monthly payment for you. It’s in the vicinity of San An­ tonio’s next regional mall now under construction at Ingram Road and 
N.W. loop 41o. 

Just IO minutes away is 
UTX A, USAA and the 
South Texas Medical 
Center. The nearby ex­ pressway makes Lack­ land and K elly A F B s most convenient. 

Furnished models are open daily from IO a.m. until dark. Ju st take 
Culebra Road north of 
N.W Loop 41o and follow the signs. 

 mm iii 

Mayor Lila Cockrell, left, presents a proclamation declaring the week of M ay 8 - I 4 to be Private Property W eek to Ray Ragsdill, president of the San Antonio Board of Realtors, and Virginia 
Cervenka, chairman of its Publicity Committee. 

Realtors set seminar 

The South Texas Certi­ fied Commercial Invest­ ment Member (C.C.l.M.) 
Chapter and the San An­ tonio Board of Realtors 
(SABUR) are sponsoring a special sem inar F r i­ day, May 27, featuring 
Dr. 
Charles 
IL 
Wurtzebaeh, assistant professor of Real Estate and Finance at the Uni­ versity of Texas in Aus­ tin. 
The subject of the se­ minar is “ The Impor­ tance of M arket and 
Feasibility Analysis in ttren?Tf&-BISHAY--- 

Real Estate Develop­ ment.” 
The seminar is being held in the SABUR Audi­ torium. 911o N.W. Ill IO, from 9:3o a.m. to 3:3o p.m. Luncheon will be served to those attend­ ing. The fee for the se­ minar is $1o per person, including the luncheon. 
Attendance is open to chapter members, their guests and all interested in the development and advancement of Invest­ ment 
Real 
Estate 
Wurtzebaeh is noted for 
------ fraTOitnrwfHA?---- 

 his research and writings which have been pub­ lished in ‘‘The Appraisal 
Journal,” “ The Journal of 
Property 
Management,” “ Texas 
Realtor” and other pub­ lications. 

Wurtzebaeh was the 
1976 recipient of the Uni­ versity of Texas College of Business Administra­ tion Teaching Excellence 
Award. The SA BU R of­ fice can be contacted for further details at 696 - 
84oo. 

\ N N O U N C IN G T H E O P E N IN G of nine elegant garden homes in an exclusive, hcavilv wooded cul-de-sac selling offering complete privacy and security. ( ustont qualitv energv-saving con­ struction lei ti repine system. sa!.’' 

■ 
- • w «»»» 
* rn * ■* ***%,« 
T * ** pi, vt VHI alurmg privacy patio, we! bur. single living area with irgl 
Up 
•e. rear mirv electric "arage, and prewiring for burglar w sun s. for information call 
(him 
Priced from low sun s 

 rdens 

 living in 
\ninnin. 
^ 
Prestigious lusjve northwest San 

( (9 

 enter on 
’ 
Cove 

 l 
Callaghan 
| 
Road 

Vance 
■ i 

V loop 41o y 

 all homes comfort''/ 
• ‘ j! conditioned by FEDDERS £ 

MARKETED BY 
. 
■# 
BILLY FELLOWS & ASSOCIATES 
: 
PHONE 6 9 o -9 2 2 o 

AGENT— BO^ STARK 
PHONE 492-28^6 

‘ Custom Home Builder 
* F.K. Properties, Inc. 

San Antonio EX PR ESS-N FW S— Saturday M ay 14 1977 uta.u. ^TarT spraying l b s for casebearer 
Gardeners’ Questions green and attain a length of about % inch. 
This insect overwinters as a partially grown larva in a tiny silken cocoon called a hibernaeulum, usually at­ tached to the base of a bud. In Spring, larvae feed for a short time on buds but soon begin tunneling in developing shoots until reaching maturity. Pupa­ tion may occur in these burrows, or larvae may crawl down the limb to pupate in the rough bark of larger limbs. Moths from overwintering gen­ eration emerge in late April and May. 
Two or three days after adult females emerge, they desposit from 5o to 15o eggs on the tips of nuts (see accom­ panying picture). Eggs, just visible to the naked eye, are greenish white w hen deposited but later become reddish just before hatching. After larvae hatch, the egg shell is opaque white and re­ mains in place. 
First-generation larvae hatch from eggs in four or five days and migrate to buds below the nuts, usually at the base. As it feeds, each larva frequently destroys several or all of the small pecans in a cluster. Bits of frass and webbing can be seen projecting from injured nuts. Upon reaching maturity, larvae pupate in nuts and emerge as adults approximately 42 to 45 days later, in June and early July. 
Adults deposit eggs in grooves on the tips or bases of nuts. Second-genera­ tion larvae, which hatch from these eggs, also feed in the nuts. Less injury usually is produced by this second generation because the nuts are larger and each larva requires only one or two nuts to complete development. Pupa­ tion occurs in hollowed-out nuts, and moths emerge from late July to early 
September. 
A third generation usually follows, but, as nut shells harden, only a few of the nuts are penetrated by larvae. 
Instead, larvae feed in tte shucks. 
Many third-generation larvae con­ struct hibernacula, while the re­ mainder pupapte and appear as adults, emerging from late August to October. 
Adults deposit eggs which hatch into fourth-generation larvae. If nuts are available, their shucks constitute the principal food for this generation. In the absence of nuts, larvae feed on buds and leaf stems. Partially grown larvae construct overwintering hibernacula by mid-November. 
Now you know the problem; so, let’s get with the program and spray to control this pecan pest. 

B y T E R R Y W IL B O U R N 
C O U N T Y EX TEN SIO N HORTICULTURIST 
Can I save my leftover vegetable seeds until this 
Fall or even next year? 

Only one large Mahan nut in the cluster remained uninjured. 
Small, undeveloped nutlets shown here were injured by the pecan nut casebearer. 

CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 
CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 
CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 

. .a unique new life style in north San v 
J 
Antonio. Naturally beautiful, this new 
J} community will offer large oak covered lots, lighted tennis courts, extra wide streets, 
' 
Northeast Schools, no city taxes, all city utilities, and so much more. This “ so much more" is that the innovative custom and garden homes here will be designed and built by Fabian 
Krajmalnik who has proven his concern with 
.^•quality, value, and beauty in each new home. <- 
<* v 
Castle Wood Forest is developed 
. exclusively for Fabian and is located just north of Lockhill-Selma at George 
* i 
Rd. past Wurzbach. Come see us. 
K tf* * 
You'll love the peace and 
B a j o ^ quiet. 
H 

MARVIN M. KLINE 
CAROLYN HEGRANES 
1976 ‘Realtor of Year’ named 

Marvin M. Kline was named 1976 
“ Realtor of the Year” Friday night by the San Antonio Board of Realtors (SA­ 
BORI at their annual dinner-dance held at the Alzafar Shrine Activities Build­ ing. Carolyn Hegranes, with Don John­ son Co., Realtors, was named “ Real­ tor-Associate of the Year.” 
Making the presentations were Seymour J. 
Dreyfus, 1975 Realtor of the Year, and Robert A 
Wood, 1975 Realtor-Associate of the Year. 

Member 13 years 

Kline has been a member of SA BOR for some 
13 years and is a partner in the firm of Rosow & 
Kline, Realtors. He has served as chairman of the building and new facilities acquisition committees; chaired the professional standards and commercial-industrial committees; and served on the SABUR board of directors from 
1971 to 197f). 

Kline is a director of the Texas Association of 
Realtors and member of the professional stan­ dards committee of the National Association of 
Realtors. He was president of SABUR in 1975. 

Kline has chaired the Speakers Bureau of the 
Free Enterprise Council of the Greater San 
Antonio Chamber of Commerce. He is serving as member of the Advisory Committee to the 
School of Business, University of Texas at San 
Antonio. Kline and his wife, Shirelee, have two sons. 

C la ss ified d is p l a y 
CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 

 s e m i n a r 

 highlights 

TAR meets 
"Men and women in tile local real estate sales force interested in learn­ ing new marketing ex­ pertise will have a great opportunity to do so at the annual Texas Asso­ ciation of Realtors con­ vention in Dallas, June 8 
• ll." This comment was made here this week by 
Ray Ragsdill, president of the San Antonio Board of Realtors. 
“ At the opening day in the Dallas Hilton, more than a thousand are ex­ pected to attend the full day sales seminar, mo­ derated by Don Wied- nlatin of San Diego. 
Top team 
“ Wiedmann, first vice president of the Califor­ nia Association of Real­ tors, is a real estate edu­ cator of tremendous sta­ ture and experience. 
Wiedmann will introduce a real estate executive team from 
Phoenix headed by Tom Hopkins. 
Hopkins flies all over the country giving these sales development se­ minars." 
The TAR Convention is expected to draw consi­ derable interest from this area. "The sales day program is one of the most important sessions," Ragsdill says. 
“ Hopkins, for example, got his basic training from J. Douglas Ed­ wards, the father of 
American selling. After 
Hopkins took the Ed­ wards course, he listed more than BOU homes and sold over 9o per cent of those in the next five years. 
"Coming to Dallas with 
Hopkins will be Danny 
Cox, a management ex­ pert, known for his ex­ pertise with cutting the turnover rate in real es­ tate offices. Danielle 
Kennedy, a very compe­ lle n t real estate execu­ tive w ho is president of 
Mission Viejo Associates in Orange County, will also be speaking. She is sure to give the audience a lot of new psychological sales techniques to in­ corporate in their busin­ esses back home.” 
A large delegation from San Antonio will attend this convention. 

Mrs. Hegranes has been a member of SABUR since 1973 and has served on the program, membership and convention committees. She is also a member of the Court of Ethics and Arbi­ tration. With Don Johnson Co., Realtors, since 
1974. she is an active member of St. Andrew’s 
Presbyterian Church and participates in band- parent activities at Marshall High School. She and her husband, Grant, have four children. 

CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 
C LA S S IFIE D D IS P L A Y 

Construction Company 

OPEN HOUSES IN 
THUNDERBIRD HILLS 

6214 little fawn...3 bedroom 
I story $39,95 
6214 Deer Skin...3 bedroom 
I story $45,62 
6218 Deer Skin...3 bedroom 
I story $52,27 
2138 James Bonham...4 bedroom . . . I story $3o,oo 
2134 James Bonham...3 bedroom .. . I story $29,9o 
2118 James Bonham...3 bedroom . . . I story $29,9o 

 and in 
FOREST OAKS ESTATES 
Take Evers Rd. and Right en Forest Pine 
Turn left to Crownpiece. 

73o7 Crown Piece...3 br/split level................$52,5o1 

73o3 Crown Piece...4 br/split level................$56,oo1 

W IL L C U S T O M B U IL D 

V .A ., F.H .A ., & C O N V E N T IO N A L F IN A N C IN G 

A V A IL A B L E 

IN TER STA TE 41o 
MEDICAL 
C f NTIR uUE BHE*. 

 yO« REST, 
CRQW NPIECE 

Q O O c 1 
LO O P 4 IO 
E ISEN H A U ER RD. 

31o2 Eise n h au e r Road 826-63o1 
OWc» ana modal* open from 
1oom lo dark toyon day* a waak. 

IO L A lf J H.S. 
G A R R A TT RD 
SALIS 
OFFICf from $475oo-85,ooo 
SA N AN TONIO 
C O U N TR Y C L U B y S t ORT SAM 
HOUSTON 

7 s.w. 
RESEARCH 

C L A S S I C O OI SPI A T 
CUSSIUCO DISPLAY 
CLASSICO DISPLAY 
C L A S S iritO DISPLAY 
CLASSffllD DISPLAY 
TWIN CREEK 

“ Did we actually lose $36oo on' rent receipts on last year’s tax deductions? Think how much we could've put in the bank if we owned a US^Home in 
TWIN CREEK!” 

W h y R e n t? 

W hen you could be building the biggest 
Savings Account of your life! 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEW S— Saturday May 14 1977 
* 

Leisurely life style, fine townhomes make Woodbridge 

U / n n H K r iH c r o ’ c c o r > n n H 
. 
. . 
...__________________________ 
. . . . . . . . . ______________________________________________________ 

Homes modern families are looking for today. 

Handcrafted Brick Log-Burn­ ing Fireplace with Raised 
Hearth 

Full energy saving features 

Tile Shower and Tub Areas 
Carefree Vinyl Flooring in 
Entry, Living, Kitchen, Dining 
Areas 
Choice of Carpet 
Bedroom and Hall 
Beamed Ceiling in Living 
Room 
Thick Insulation in Walls and 
Ceilings 
Library Shelves and Cabinet 
Valance Lighting in Baths 
Marbled Bathroom Vanities 
Mirrored Vanity W alls 

Solid Concrete Driveway, 
Walks and Patio 
Covered Front Porch 

Kitchen Pantry 

Built-in Kitchen 

Sculptured Front Door 

Individual Overhead 
Garage Doors 
Central Heat and Air 
Vinyl W all Covering In Baths 
Box Windows over-looking 
Lighted Patio and Backyard 
Raised Car Stop in Garage 
Central Entry Foyer 
W indow Seats in Box 
Windows 
Big Storage Room in Garage 

$37,5oo 

Exit Loop 4 1 o of Bandera Road. Proceed 
Va mile north to Grissom Road (FM 4 7 1 ) and turn left. Go I mile to TWIN CREEK. 
I 
OO 
TOTAL 
MOVE-IN 
V. A. 
CONVENTIONAL 
FINANCING 
5% DOW N 

Furnished 
M odels O pen 
D aily 9-9 
6 8 1 - 1 1 1 1 usHome 

Listed on the N e w Y o rk Stock Exchange 

WORTH COMING HOME TO 

W oo d b rid g e^ second phase of townhouses Mill hold an Open House this weekend to follow its two-weekend 
Grand 
Opening. 
This townhome c o m ­ munity does not e x a g ­ g e ra te when it boasts that Woodbridge is where the leisurely life styles thought im possible by many can becom e e n ­ joyable realities at prices they can afford. 
Amenities 
Within the premises of 
W oodbridge, 31o2 and 
31o3 Eisenhauer Rd. in northeastern San Anton­ io, is a recrea tio n al p ack ag e ca re fu lly planned to give years of pleasure to the project’s residents. 
Leisure here is plenti­ ful, for residents never need to worry about the m ain ten an ce of th eir townhomes or their se ­ curity. 
W oodbridge alread y has been the joyful dis­ covery of numerous San 
Antonians. For example, its first p hase, on the south side of Eisenhauer 
Road, is almost sold out. 
T his, however, is the adult-oriented p art of 
Woodbridge. 
Two lighted, acrylic-su rfaced tennis co u rts, two sw im m ing pools, two clubhouses and a picnic garden area make Woodbridge more than just a home a d ­ dress. It’s a total envir­ onment perfect for active life styles of profession­ als or anyone who wants the most out of r e t ir e ­ ment. 
One clubhouse features a p arty room , kitchen and g a m e room ; the other, a sundeck, ping­ pong table and firepit for cookouts. 
All this is for the e x ­ clu sive en joym en t of 
W oodbridge resid en ts and their guests. 
The in te rio rs of the 
Woodbridge townhouses are visually exciting due to their “ open” design 

CLASSIFflD DISMAY 

W OODBRIDGE tow nhom e com m unity has host of am enities 

 accomplished by broad window expanses, hand­ some fireplaces and la­ vish finishing touches. 
E x tr a la rg e 
17- by 
24-foot master bedrooms are com m on at Wood­ bridge. So are fashiona­ ble, co m p artm en te d baths. One of the Wood­ bridge plans has two compartmented baths off the same bedroom — one for him, another for her. 
Larger units even have 
3V2 baths. 
All Woodbridge town­ houses have at least 2Vi baths, each stunningly finished with hand-anti­ qued cabinets, rich coor­ dinated w allpaper and large lighted m irro rs. 
Each townhome also has a fireplace and a balcony. 
Three models range, in size, from 1,75o to 2,7oo sq. ft. The buyer has a choice of a two-car c a r ­ port fora totally enclosed garage. 

Buyers also are give their choices in selecting colors for the attractive interiors of their town­ homes. They can select 

Within N.E. Loop 41o, the W oodbridge town­ homes are conveniently near N E . IU 35 and 
North Star, Central Park floor covering, wallpaper and Windsor Park Malls, and even colors for van- They’re also close to the ities. business and profession- 
The kitchens, too, are a1 centers of the North unusually attractive and Side, Alamo Heights and fully equipped with top- downtown, name appliances. They 
„ 
„ featu re an exceptional 
S ecurity of all ro s i- amount of storage plus a donees ^ determined not built-in planning desk ('n*v louted access to complete with drawers. project s prem ises 
Energy-saving features *?,utua,so a hlg£ ,y tr1ain/ ‘d* are com m on to Wood- ~4 hour security patrol on bridge townhomes, too. 
The co sts of operating utilities are lessened substantially by a full eight inches of solid in­ sulation inside the out­ side walls; weatherstrip­ ping on outside doors; bronze, solar-p aned g la ss; a ll-e le c tr ic a p ­ pliances; and sep arate heating and air con d i­ tioning systems. 

 guard seven days a week. 
W oodbridge town­ homes are priced from as low as $47,5oo upward to 
SNO,OOO. 
The project is reached most easily by exiting from N E . Loop 41o to 
H arry W urzbach Road and going south to 
Eisenhauer Road, when* a turn right leads to 
Woodbridge. 
‘Less down’ urged for payment plan 

Great kitchen, 
Mary Simpson? 

D on't be surprised if someone tells you how great your Great America nome looks. Because at 
Great America, we believe you can see the difference quality makes. 
In our garden kitchens, with handfinished cabinets and top quality appliances. In our roomy living areas, with vaulted cathedral ceilings, built-in bookcases and woodbum- ing fireplaces. In our lavish ceramic tile baths, with marble vanities and decorator appointments. 
Even in our generous mas­ ter suites, with private baths ana walk-in closets. 
Everywhere you look, there is careful attention to design, styling, practi­ cality and energy-effi- ciency. 
But that's only the in­ side story. Outside, Great 
America homes are strik­ ingly individualistic. Each home is designed for its particular homesite. Some are traditional, others reflect the informality of 
California styling. Some have soaring rooflines, 

 cedar trim and second- story balconies. Others are simple, yet elegant. 
But all are equally suited to entertaining and day- to-day family living. 
You'll find these really great homes in San 
Antonio's finest com­ munities. In Northwest 
San Antonio, we have new homes in Park Forest, 
Hidden Creek, Forest Oak 
Estates, and now, 
Elm Creek. In North 
San Antonio, we have new homes in Thousand 
Oaks, The Oaks in 
San Pedro Hills, and 
Hidden Forest. Each community is minutes from excellent schools, near major shopping and employment centers. 
Prices range from the upper-4o's to $1oo,ooo. 
Visit these fine com­ munities today and look for our new red, white and blue signs. For additional information on a particu­ lar community, call 
69o-o3oo. The really great homes in San Antonio are 
Great America homes. 
Just ask any of our home­ owners. 
3 1 GREAT AMERICA 
The really great homes in San Antonio. 

42o4 Gardendale, Suite 3o3, 69o-o3oo, Headquarters for Great America Construction Co. 

SPtCIAl TO THS GOLDIN TWINS 
BETTENDORF, Iowa — The chairman of the nation’s largest m ortgage guaranty company has urged savings and loan exe­ cutives to increase their volume of low down payment mortgages and to support a tax-free savings account as ways to help solve the nation’s housing problems. 
Max H. Karl, chairman of the board of MGIC Investm ent Corp. and its principal subsidiary, Mortgage Guar- janty Insurance Corp., noted that fewer and fewer persons are able to afford their own home. 
Greater flexibility asked 

“ Higher costs of building homes, plus ever-increasing real estate taxes and spiraling costs of energy required for household op eration, req u ire greater flexibility in mortgage lending operations” to home buyers, he said. 
Speaking before the recent Iowa 
Savings and Loan League Management 
Conference here, he said that more low 

CLASSIFltD DISPLAY 
CLASSIFltD DISPLAY 

 down payment mortgages would allow more people to purchase hom es iii spite of higher costs. 
E arl also called for support of a tax-free savings account as one way to help keep the flow of funds corning into thrift institutions, which, in turn, use the money for mortgage lending. He noted that such a plan would also lower the cost of mortgage funds, thereby enabling more people to qualify for mortgage loans. 
“ The time to work for this type of tax incentive plan is now, while we are not faced with a money and housing crisis,’’ he said. “ Indeed, such an in­ centive might insulate the thrift in­ dustry from such crises in the future; certainly, it would tend to moderate them.” 
MGIC, founded in 1957 by Earl, is the nation’s oldest and largest insurer of residential mortgages with insurance in force of about $26 billion. It protects lenders against loss due to default and foreclosure of mortgages, and its pre­ miums cost the home buyer about 5o per cent less than the insurance pro­ gram adm inistered by the Fed eral 
Housing Administration. 

C LA SSIFIC M S P L X ? 

PREVIEW SHOWING 

This weekend visit the new­ est addition to Sitterle and 
Companies World of Better 
Living — Burning Tree. You will discover something new, d iffe re n t and exciting at 
Burning Tree— luxury living with an affordable price tag. 

Each home in Burning Tree is individually engineered with an eye toward livability. Ex­ ceptional features like fire­ places, patios, enclosed ga­ rages, cedar shingle roofs and energy saving insulation highlight each home. 
So beat the crowd and prev­ iew this weekend before the 
Grand Opening in June, lf you won't settle for less Sit­ terle and Companies has built your kind of home 
Burning Tree. 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Saturday May 14 1977 
Wilson Gardens homes 

Wilson 
Gardens, a recent, exclusive re- idential area of cus­ tomized homes built by developer Ben Wilson, w ill hold a preview showing of two complet­ ed models this weekend. 
The models, found on a private cul-de-sac named 
Cork Cove, are striking but merely serve as ex­ amples of the kind of custom quality Wilson can build for the new 

 previewed today 

 neighborhood. The com­ pleted homes also are for sale and priced from 
$9(1,(MKI. 

Wilson offers six other homesites in his tree- filled community in which he plans to custom build homes designed for 

 minimal maintenance and placed on lots which would require the same. 
One home here, as visi­ tors this weekend will see, is sold. 

As one would expect in this price range, the homes contain many 

W IL S O N G A R D E N S hom es require very little m aintenance 
Promotions made by Century 2 I regional offices 

Century 21 of Texas and Louisiana Inc. has announced three major promotions as a result of above - average expan­ sion of the Century 21 franchise network in 
South Texas and Lo­ uisiana. 
There are currently more than 2oo offices in 
South Texas and more than 5o in the recently - marketed Louisiana. In the month of March, 
Century 21 - affiliated of­ 

 fices did more than $9o million in sales. 
The three promotions came in separate areas of operations for the com­ pany. The Century 21 franchise is a full service real estate franchise with programs in manage­ ment, sales training, marketing, advertising, referrals and the like. 
Charles Bascue was promoted from sales trainer to senior vice president in charge of 

CLASSIFIED D IS P L A Y 
C LA SSIFIED D IS P L A Y 

Do you en jo y tennis at 

 home? 

It s e asy at 3 9 o 3 
H a rrin g to n . W e have 

3 Courts. 

Do you enjoy a quiet country lifestyle o nly minutes a w a y from 

 the c ity ? 

A t 3 9 o 3 B a r r in g - ton ice h a r e 22 acres o f O ak trees just o f f 
Northeast Loop 41o. 

Do you enjoy h an d ­ ball. volley-ball, sw im ­ ming pools, and A d u lt 

& F a m ily Sections? 

Ids a t 3 9 o 3 B a r ­ ringto n ic h ere m an ­ agement is interested 

 in you— 

Do you en jo y spacious apartm ents with frost- free refrigerators? 

It here else but 
39o3 B a rrin g to n . 

39o3 Barrington 

[San Antonio. Tex. 

653-53oo ll 
39o3 (AMINOTON 

Marketing Services. In this position, Bascue will be responsible for the development of manage­ ment functions within the 
Century 21 franchises. A sales manager de­ signation has been es­ tablished in Century 21 nationally to inform the public of those brokers who have completed training requirements over and above the nor­ mal real estate broker. 
Bascue was form erly president of the Berg 
Enterprises real estate operation. 
Dick Lubbers was pro­ moted from training dir­ ector to vice president of 
Education. Lubbers has an illustrious real estate graining background holding both a real estate degree and a masters degree in real estate. In addition to his motivational expertise. 
Lubbers will be respon­ sible now for the overall development of all train­ ing and educational pro­ grams for brokers and agents alike. Century 21 of Texas and Louisiana has more than 2,ooo agents attending classes each and every month. 
Lubbers was formerly with one of the Midwest’s largest pre-license train­ ing schools in Nebraska. 
Bill Sauer was promot­ ed to vice president of 
Regional Development and Franchise Sales. 
Century 21 has nearly 
4,ooo offices in North 
America and is the lar­ gest real estate network in the U. S. A great part of that growth has come from Texas and Lou­ isiana. Sauer will be re­ sponsible for placing and marketing offices in the smaller communities and also new major centers such as New 
Orleans, Shreveport and 
San Antonio. Sauer was formerly with Realmco, where he ran the real es­ tate operations and, prior to that, was responsible for the early develop­ ment of the Woodlands. 

In addition to the three major promotions, Bob 
Beasley was promoted to assistant vice president of Education; Presley 
Clemmons, assistant vice president of Broker Ser­ vices. Beasley was for­ merly with Realmco; 
Clemmon, 
Precision 
Homes. Both organiza­ tions are in Houston. 

In 1977, Century 21 of 
Texas and Louisiana ex­ pects a 5o per cent in­ crease in production among its existing offices and an addition of nearly 
125 new offices through­ out the region. The com­ pany is well on its way, as March, 1976 sales were more than 1,2oo while 
March, 1977 sales totaled more than 2,6oo. 

More heat 
The whole fam ily appreciates a warm bathroom; so, it is stan­ dard practice to oversize the bathroom heater by 
15 per cent or so. says the 
Better Beating-Cooling 
Council. 

.amenities, but Wilson has taken caution not to 
“ overdo” the extras they feature. Be figures the buyers will want to add their own “ personifica­ tions" according to their ow n desires. 
The immense homes here are not called “ gar­ den homes” per se but do feature a large patio area in which owners could design any kind of gar­ den they preferred. 
Noteworthy is that the patio is accessible from several living or work areas of the house. In one model, even a wet bar is almost adjacent to the patio. 
Each model boasts a large single living area, three spacious bedrooms, spacious dining area separated and rear-entry garages with electric door openers. 
The homes are pre-wired for burglar alarm systems, pre­ plumbed for central vacuum systems and have intercom systems throughout. They also have privacy fences. 
Wilson has not over­ looked energy-saving construction while build­ ing these luxury homes. 

C i A S S I F l f b f > i m * Y 

They contain insulated’ hot water pipes, nine inches of insulation in storage attics, thermal paned windows and all­ brick exteriors, which enhances the low-main- tenance concept along with the cedar shake roofs. 
The location of Wilson 
Gardens is convenient to 
NAV. IB IO and N.W. 
Loop 41o; so, it is close to many major destination points. The area is in the 
Northside 
School 
District. 
Wilson Gardens West, another area developed by Wilson, is to feature as many as 43 garden homes priced from 
$62,ooo to $75,ooo and also built by Wilson. Its grand opening is scheduled for 
May 28. 
Wilson specializes in custom construction and exclusive designs. Be custom built homes in suburban Windcrest for 
12 years. 
Wilson 
Gardens is reached most easily by driving north of N.W. 
Loop 41o on Vance Jack­ son Road to Cork Cove, where a turn left leads to the models being shown this weekend. 

CLAJCTliD DISPLAY 

CLASSIFIED DI S A I A Y 
CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 
CLASSIFIED DISPLAY______________CLASSIFIIO DISPLAY 

Presenting 

“ T H E . ‘T I V O L I ’’ 

Where 
Mike Kinder has 

 translated your dream into 

 reality. 

IN 
OAK VALLEY 

Designed for the ultimate in casual elegance. 

9431 Callaghan Rd. 

Beautifully Landscaped Courtyard For Entertaining, Soaring Cathedral Ceilings, 

Massive Double Fireplace, Private Master Suite, Spacious Bedrooms, Garden 

Kitchen, Large Family Room, Utility-sewing Room, and much more.51 1 5 ,o o o 

Seven Models Open For 
Your Inspection 

I mi. North of Loop 41o out Vance Jackson. 

An Exclusive Design By 

M ik e K in d e r , builder 

6 9 6 -8 3 3 o 

® la PWZ* apis. © fARA 
I, 2, 3 Bed room Apts.' 
S I8 o -5 3 5 o 
Across Rector from N. Star Mall 
85o6 W akefield 

Separate fam ily & Adult Sections 
3 4 4 - 4 5 5 8 m M a»v AKin-ayeo iin 

I 

o 
__ 
From 
*18 9 

711o Wurzbach at Babcock 

ONE 
BEDROOM A 

TENNIS W O R L D ’’ 
• (A C O U tT tA U MI AITH ANO { M I O S I CIU S 
• ADULT AND I A Atli T M CTIONS 
• TUtNISMO AND U N IU lN IS H ID AAAITM iN TV 
UTIt'TIIS AAID 
NOiTM IAST SCHOOLS »US It iV IC I 
• (VOITH STA I ANO C IN T IA l A A U MALL A H A 
MS N.W. LOOP 41o 
341-4621 

AN APARTMENT HOME 
UNFORGETTABLE AS ITS NAME 
( O N V IN IIH t lO rA T IO N ANO U T ltlT lH PAiO 
8o51 Broadway 
8 2 4 -o o 6 1 
2 New Tennis Cts.! 
8 2 8 -7 3 9 3 

Next door to Medical Center 
6 9 6 -3 8 5 1 

I R 
A 
T 
E R w 
SCAPED 
HS 
APARTMENTS liH O T 

1 9 4 6 N .E . L o o p 4 1 o 
BEE Style by 
(Harry Wurzbach Exit) j H ufehvestors 

o °Forest Oaks 
Apartments 

2 Bedroom Apts. 
From *226-*263 
6313 Evers 
684-4755 

826-2355 

NORTHEAST 
^ Q ^ ^ T e r . n Ppantm ent* mr* o c© 

• Jr. I tearoom 
• Furn. A UnFur tithed 

• O n e te a ro o m L arge r * F e e l A la u n d ry 

• Tw o te a ro o m s 
• Single le v e l, P riv a te F a n 
6 5 6 -2 1 16 
71o6 Glen Terr ck* (Cle se f r j n d ejeh Arte) 

 r n 
The BRITTA KY 

A SOPHISTICATED ADULT COMMU 
NITY WITH A POOL IN EACH COURT 
YARD HALF BLOCK OFF LO O P 41o 
NEAR NORTH STAR MALL 

86o7 JONES-MALTSBERGER 
341 -31 26 

HOMESTYIE APARMENT 
LIVING 
4 5 1 5 G a r d e n d a le 
6 9 1-1o4 4 

o 

NORTHEAST AREA 
H errin (Plaza 
I A 2 BDR. A TO W N H O U SES 
G arden opts. with clean well kept spacious grounds, patios, balconies, pool, walk to shopping, features plus. 
Perrin-Beitel Rd. 
O S S -/ I 22 

 ll/id? 

‘A d v a n ta g e s of A H om e with The 
C onveniences of R en tin g” f©f 
Information 
Call 6 7 4 -7 o o 4 
FOR QUICK 
RESULTS AND 
EXTRA VALUE 
Ly_ CALL 225-7411 

^ 3 fa w *tJ)T (X }d 
I 
AN AOUIT APARTMENT COM MUNITY i 
ALL AMENITIES • ON BUS LINE • ONE 
BLOCK FROM ST. MARY’S • ONE BLOCK 
FROM SHOPPING • FURN. ADD. 
* 
1, 2 & 3 BDR. 
$1 8o to $245 
UTILITIES PAID 

33o1 W W O O D LA W N 
434 9394 
A lob Ross Apartment Community' 

o f o r k 

V i l l a g e : 
Apartment* 

• WINDSOR PARK MAIL i 
• NORTHEAST SCHOOLS 
• FURNISHED OR 
UNFURNISHED 
• PAID UTILITIES 
PRIVATE PATIOS 
POOLS t PARTY ROOM j 
483o Ray Bon Driva 
„ 653-73oo 

oFRENCH CHALET 

165o JA C K SO N KELLER 

THE ULTIMATE APARTMENT 
COMMUNITY 

3 4 4 -4 6 1 6 

W ~ 
W estchester 

Apartments eff., I, 2,3 Bd. from $16o 

I niiwiiieut lo flirt Sam anti Hamlolph 

1111 Austin Hwy. 
828-41o5 

4 M A C M a n a g e d P ro p e rty 

o 
3 9 o 3 
Barrington 
653-53oo 

T erra 

A lta 

I UHN .< UNF URN 
I Ai LOU I (JURUS I 
AN J I'• 'jo t N S 

411 EVEREST 
8 2 8 -5 3 3 o 1 
o 
SOUTH SEA 
APARTMENTS 
LEISURE LIVING 
SUPER LO CATIO N 

BUNCO AT JACKSON KELLER 
7543 SOUTH SEA LANE 
341-6251 

© C ountry Village 
A part iii en I s 

I block off Broadway at 41o 

I, 2, 3 heil ro o m s front § 1 6 o 

8446 Country Village . 
828-5721 
A MAC Moneyed Property lr* 

 t r 

CLASSIFIED 
Better Living 
Section 

• Reel Estate 
^ 
• Mobile Homes • Rentals 
IN O IX 

Son Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Saturday May \4 T 977 
* 
^a9e 
^-D 

K A L B T J T E M j T ^ ^ 
2o1 REAL ESTATE NOTICES 
2o1 REA! ESTATE NOTICES 

JOI -leo! foot* Hotim 
TO? - Moults Opto for Inspection. 
TM— fioperty Out of Town 
7o4—Condommiumi • Townhouse! 
7oo- Apartments, Duplexes 
11o— Houses—OorthfoM 
717 -Houses - Northwest 
714—Houses—Southeast 
714—Houses -Southwest 
718—Houses Mo nod and Wrecked 
22o— Houses foe Trode 
777—Miscellaneous teal Estate 
774-Houses, Sole oc lent 
774—Suburban Property—Acreage 
728—lesort Properties 
23o-lots 
737—forms ond lunches 
734—forms ond loaches (or lent 
234-Commercial Property -Sole 
738-(ommerciol Property (lense) 
74o—Commercia! Property (Wonted) 
742—Industrial Property loi Sole 
744—Industrial Property for lease 
744-lndustriol Property Wonted 
111— Office Spoce for lease 

7So- OHice Spare Wonted 
757 -leal Estate Sell or (rehang 
754-leol Estate Wonted 
754—leal Estate loans—Notes 
,751—leal Estate loons Wonted 

A A O Slll H O M E S 

-------, 

 s m 

3o? -Mobile Homes for lent 

RENTALS t------- .... 
IS 
REALTOR 

Buying or Selling? 

Know Your REALTOR 

4o1 - Apartments furnished 
4o7 -Housekeeping Apl Turn 
4o4 - Apartments, Unfurnished 
4o4—Houses. Dupleies 
-furnished 
4o8—Houses, Dupleies 
—Unfuinished 
41o—Houses, Sent or Sell 
412—looms, furnished 
414—looms. Unfuinished 
414—looms with lonrd 
418— Want to lent o1 loose 

SAN ANTONIO 
REAL ESTATE SECTIONS 

 o 

Doing much more than helping you buy and sell real estate ... your 
Realtor is your voice in many forums ... speaking out in behalf of pro­ perty owners, always with your best interests in mind. On matters of 
'land usage planning, taxation, industrial expansion, maintaining pro­ perty values, urban improvements and government relations, your 
Realtor is your spokesman. Always as close as your telephone, he is waiting to discuss real estate matters with you at any time. 

See one of these professionals for all your real estate transactions. 

NORTHW EST 
H O M ES w 

(This is a partial list o f REALTO RS " In a n d a r o u n d " Son A ntonio 
N 

NORTHEAST 
H O M ES 

SOUTHW EST 
H O M ES 
SOUTHEAST 
H O M ES 

REAL ESTATE 

I----------------------- 
Jso 
Home* 
? 
Homa* 
Northw«»t 
Northeast 
212 
| 
21o 

 lo* 

 j _ Lg 
M g 
L ja i - BEAL ESTATE N O M S 
V A SALES LISTINGS 
Equal Housing Opportunity 
O F F E R S R E C E IV E D 
Correction from 5-13-77: 
?18?3 fortune ludwig 
N E W B U S IN E S S 
32o689 Hobluetzel 
2o677 Garza 
16o58 Johnson Slotei Benton 
319888 (astern 
O F F E R S A C C E P T E D 
1477o8 Epstein 
347717 Williams 
289939 Interstate 
O F F E R S R EJECT ED 
293139 Martin 
312118 OePoolo 
16492 ISI 
233732. ludwig 
328846 MiVey 
CODED FOR BROKERS ONIT 

W H Y Ll 
YO UR HOME 
FOR 9o D A Y S ??? J let me make you a tosh ofter. Top dollar paid for 
- your home or equity and I .7 
H will pay all closing costs. 
Prompt and efficient serv- ice. Your Money on Title 
Check! Broker ond attor­ ney leads paid! 

C 
A 
D 
C 
349-6531 “ 
9 iA .K .C i 2 4 Hours 

W H Y P A Y R E N T ? Own your own home, no down povm ent to an­ yone! Payments less than rent, j Uovd^^M ontgom er^ 
658-18o4 

2o2 -HOUSES OPEN 

PRE-OWNED-NEW " 
HO/ViES-RENTALS 
Anywhere In San Antonio 
D A Y O R NITE 
6 5 5 -6 8 4 8 
Concerned With The 
W ay You Live 

REALTY WORLD 

HERITAGE PARK 

MIO 4o $ 

IN SAN PEDRO Hills AREA 

NEW HOMES MEITON GEORGE 
ENT. 

CORNER BROOKHOUOW AND 
HIEMER 

14211 SUSAN CREST 

3-2-2, slightly Contemporary, large den, beamed ceilings with fire­ place, spacious dining, moster bedroom has sitting orea, double patio with view 

171o4 AUTUM WOODS 

3-2-2, large beamed den, with fireplace, country kitchen, spacious dining, split bedrooms, master very large. Open from I till dark 

494-16o1 
494-3o12 

ADAMS, KEITER A McBKIUt 
4414 Centerview Dr Suite 219 
733 8182 

TRANCES ALTGEIT REAITY 
Pete 8 Ted o Neill 
826 847o 

ASSOCIATED REALTY 
3 Convenient locations 
824 1477 

8ASSE-WEIL8ACHER, REALTORS 
Independents— giving personalized service 
349 1436___________ 111o2 West Ave 

VERN BOSTER 
2234 Cincinnati 
734 7o31 

DON BOUCHELLE & CO. INC. 
1259 Jackson Keller 
3414666 

CfNTURY 21 DeLANEY REALTY 
2433 Austin Hwy 
653-o55o 

CENTURY 21-E L A IN E LUDWIG- 
A ASSOCIATES 
87o3 Wurzboch Rd 
691-13oo 

CENTURY 2 1 -B IL L PARKINS 
REAITY 
4o35 Noco-Perrin 
653 8131 

CENTURY 21— R. R. R AN SO M - 
REAITY 
74o5 Hwy 9o West 
673-77o1 

CENTURY 21 GLASCOCK 
ASSOCIATES 
6126 Montgomery Or 
656 7717 
13337 Son Pedro 
494 1951 

CENTURY 21-MONEYSAVERS 
REALTY 
12122 El Sendero 
656 242o 

CENTURY 21 SCHNEIDeT r EALTY 
6233 Wets Rd., Ste A 
684 72oo 
(leon Valley) 

CENTURY 21-STEVENS-ROHDE 
8)51 Broadway 
828 5544 

. 
CENTURY?! WHITEHEAD- 

5838 Joiner 
H O lU D A Y 
684 37), 
11785 West Ave 
3417)15 
7717 Bandera Bd 
*681 93oo 

CENTURY 21 NATIONAL REAL 
ESTATE 
5o34 Military Of W 
674 4411 
7o47 Military Dr. W. 
674-7717 

CENTURY 21 DOUGLAS REAL 
ESTATE 
833 Bandera Rd 
434 3185 

EDYTHE B. COOPER, REALTOR 
142 W Rhapsody 
341 3176,341 1867 

CORNELIUS & ASSOCIATES 
4412 Rittiman 
828 6343 

NELSON CORY, REALTORS 
31o West Sunset Road 
824 4571 

DALCO REAL ESTATE 
912 Oblate 
824 69oo 

FAMILY REAITY 
3o26 Hillcrest 
732 8111 

BILLY FELLOWS & ASSOCS. 
1o225 Ironside 
69o 922o 

JOHN FLOURNOY CO. REALTORS 
14o7 Jackson Keller 
341 72o1 

G. G. GALE 
15315 Son Pedro m 5237 

C. M. FURR CO. 
C J Ondrusek, Realtor 
733 7141 

FORTUNA ASSOCIATES 
374o Colony 
696 1412 

TOM GARRISON, REALTOR 
666 S W. Military Dr 
924 4283 

GREAT AMERICA REALTOR 
42o4 Gardendale 
69o 98o2 

REESE HENRY, REALTOR 
11626 ti Sendero 
655 3584 

H A H REAITY 
36o4 Fredericksburg Rd 
736-1918 

JONES-KING REALTY 
53o7 Broadway 
826 2439 

KELLY REAITY 
3633 Culebra 
433 6645 

BEULAH MAE KELLER A ASSOC. 
226 Windsor 
736 oo15 

BOB MCGINNIS REALTORS 
525o Fredericksburg Rif 
349 n ?t 

 m a r t in e z R ealto rs 
6539 Bandera 
684 o753 

MONTE VISTA REAITY 
1481 Hurter hr 
735 o485 

MORTON SOUTHWEST REALTY 
11612 Perrin 8f itcl 
655 6848 

NAYLOR REAITY 
“ The G a lle r y 
O f H o m e s ” 
9962 Wurzboch 
691 1121 
5439 Waite Rd 
656 552o 

STRAUDER NELSON REAITY 
Olmos at McCullough 
828 5671 

NORTH LOOP, INC., REALTORS 
748 8 Rithman Rd 
828 5636 

DEANIE OWENS CO. REALTORS 
Austin Hwy Oft 
824 2391 

DEANIE OWENS CO., REALTORS 
Bandera Rd Ole 
684 433o 

DEANIE OWENS CO., REALTORS 
Blanco Rd Ole 
349 4343 

DEANIE OWENS CO., REALTORS leHerson Ole 
736 4476 

DEANIE OWENS CO., REALTORS lockhill Selma Ofc 
349 3535 

DEANIE OWENS CO. REALTORS 
North Central Oft 
349 5111 

DEANIE OWENS CO., REALTORS 
N I loop Oft 
828 6391 

DEANIE OWENS CO., REALTORS 
N West Ofc 
344 62o7 

DEANIE OWENS CO., REALTORS 
Perrin Bedel Ofc. 
656 3ooo 

DEANIE OWENS CO., REALTORS 
Security 'enate Oft 
673-2271 

DEANIE OWENS CO., REALTORS 
5 F Of FICI 
537 5245 

DEANIE OWENS CO., REALTORS 
SW Office 
675 785o 

DEANIE OWENS CO., REALTORS 
So Central Ofc 
924 731) 

POGUE & POGUE, INC. 
75)o Broadway 
822 1)54 

THELMA B. PRUSSMAN 
75o4 Nacogdoches 
826 7347 

REQUA REAITY CO. 
51o8 Br oodway 
824 4 5o7 

PROFESSIONAL REAITY 
9ooo Wutzboch Suite 7o7 
696 533o 

RED CARPET, REALTORS 

21o) lockhill Selma 
347 311 1 
RED CARPET, REALTORS 
81o7 Roughridec Wal/em 
653 636y4 
RED CARPET, REALTORS 

777 Babcock at Callaghan 
34 1 4484 

~ RED CARPET, REALTORS 

7515 Nacogdoches Rd Suite A 
828 8195 
■ 

DIXIE ROSE, REALTOR 
5679 Broadway 
874 7334, Anytime 

SAN ANTONIO REAL ESTATE 
3231 West Ave 
____________ 349 653) 

SANDISON REAITY 
3571 Oak Gate 
699 97o1 

SEITZ & ASSOCIATES, REALTORS 
See Seitz for Homesite* 
824 2385. 

Universal City 

COY J. SIMMONS 
1731. Wright Blvd 
C6S8 6J3I 

SNECKNER & ASSOCIATES 
7224 Blanco 
342 5714 

TERRILL REALTY 
5748 Wurzboch 
684 6444 

THE HOME MART, INC. 
215o Austin Hwy 
655 T2oI 

BARBARA ZOLLER, REALTOR 
684 4 747 
681 1492 

A*-- 
''■'‘ 
JI'*" 

THE M AD am ImemAmmak 
Uh a l 

In S a n A n to n io , th e F ie sta C ity M a y 8 to 1 4 

.... m*ii ha is iii 

2o2 -HOUSES OPEN 
2o2 HOUSES OPEN 

Looking tor a new hom e? 

TODAY’S YOUR L U C K Y D A Y . 

7o7 HOUSES OPEN 

III 

 m ortar! so u th w e st r e a lty 

A T T E N T IO N G O V T O W N E D 
H O M E S for sale. Down payment 
$2o and up. G R E A T E R V A L U E 
R E A L T Y , 651-6143 
A V A IL A B L E $25o,ooo 
Quick cash for houses or equities. 
We pay dosing too! Fast service! 
Any areo, condition or size. Ask for Adolph 
A L L S T A T E R E A L T O R S 
433-3295 or 
828-4817 

BEFORE YOU SELL 
Let us m ake a C A SH offer for your home or equity. Call now! 
The 
Home 
Mart 
655-12o1 
Buy Real Estate cheap subscribe to the 
Foreclosure 
Report, 
223-699o 

$ CASH $ 
FOR Y O U R H O M E OR E Q U IT Y 
W E P A Y A L L C LO SIN G CO STS 
924-4331 
H U G H E S & BR ISC O E 
Cash for your Northside equity 
Larry Barnebey34t 4455, 684-29o9 
IM M E D IA T E CASH 
For Your Home We pay all clos- inq costs! We also take trades. 
Call 
494 5571 
635-8474 
532-3252 
Century 21 
W A K E F IE L D R E A L T O R S 

NEW DUPLEXES 
TAX SHELTERS 
Excellent cosh flow due to low fax areo. Ready for occupancy, list of prospective tentonts. Prospects available 494 16o1 494-3o12 
Realty World 
Com pass Realty 

NO DOW N P A Y M E N T 
A N Y O N E CAN B U Y Government a c q u ire d p ro p e rtie s. 3-4 b e ­ droom s, 2 bath homes in good area. Coll today for details. 
R E A L T O R 
691-13oo 
Century 21 
E L A IN E LU D W IG & ASSOC. 

NO DOWN PAYMENT 
Anyone can buy. Vets don't use their e ligibility, 3-4 bedroom s, some with air and 2 baths, some with air, all appliances, payments less than rent 
BO B DePAO LO 
344 3o91 
R E A L T O R 

NEED ROOM 

WANT QUALITY 

N e w h o m e s by 

M e lto n G e o rg e int. 

 lu l SHADY TRAU — rustic ton ch, spacious 4 bedroom, I living area, formal dining, plenty of room for large family on cul-de- sac 

137 RIDGE TRAU - elegant 2 living area, 3 bedroom, large beamed den, corner fireplace, country kitchen, covered patio 

HOUYWOOD PARK - Vt acre lots, low taxes, prestige area 

O P E N TO TIL D A R K 

494-16o1 
494-3o12 

REALTY WORLD 
COMPASS REALTY 

High Country Estates 
65 6 -4 4 7 1 
$42,1oo to $58,75o 
Nacogdoches at Judson i 
M e a d o w W o o d North 
4 9 4 -6 1 6 3 
$33,75o to $42,25o 
Jones-Maltsbgr at Thous. Oaks 
The G re at N orthw e st 
6 8 4 -1 1 2 3 
$39,275 to $59,1oo 
TM 471 at Culebra 
• VA, Conventional • Fireplaces • Double Garages 
• North East or Northside Schools. 

 r n 
Coates Development Co. 
Courtesy to Brokers 

A LL B R IC K 3 bedroom !' z bath" 
H O M E B U ILT ON Y O U R LOT 
516,95o IOU Gardino off W. Ave 
S P E C IA B U IL D E R S Inc.349-1491 

NEW EXCLUSIVE AREAS 
• W H ISPERIN G O A K S • CO U N TRYSID E 
• HUNTER’S CREEK 
PRESTIGE H O M ES 
\ hunter s in 

• RoBmg MU ond oak trees 
| \ 
C R E E K 
• In (forth East or Northside School District 
• Recreation areas 
• Homes SSO,OOO to Si 2o,OOO 

Patio, Garden and Estate Homes. Or custom build, and choose decor 

I 
I 
L 

492-1o68 • 494-5249 • 492-2272 

 j o W 
S S * 

ECONDOMINIUM 
This all stucco 2-story with 1oo% cedar roof ond energy-saving windows is truly a release from utility bills. Covered by large shady oaks and trimmed by private breakfast patio. 

 m m 
- rnrn 

■W— 
WK ii I—ma— r 
3 bedroom, 31/? bath, fireplace, large glassed den, galley kitchen, Con­ temporary dining, downstairs master. Out Fredericksburg Rd., off Oenore 

O P E N S A T U R D A Y & S U N D A Y 1 2 -5 
SANDISON REALTY 
6 9 9 -9 2 o 1 

OPEN SATURDAY 
1 :o o 't il 7 : o O p .m . 
IN BEAUTIFUL CHURCHILL ESTATES 
148o3 G ALLAN T FOX 

 lo vely 2-story white brick home on wooded corner lot. 4 bedrooms, 2V i baths, study, playroom , clutter room and all the other features that you would expect in a top quality home. Built by Superb Hom es (Jesse and Bruce 
Baker). Buy now and select some of the colors and carpeting. A gracious home for $ 8 8 ,6 o o . 
Call 4 9 4-7 6 51 A N Y T IM E 

 k o s o w 
& 
K f i i m 
. 
REALTORS — SO YEARS OF TRUST 

 last Chance tor the LA ST O N E. 3 bedrooms, 
7' z both new T O W N H O M E oft 
R IT T IM A N I NO C O N D O F E E ! ! 
C H O O S E 
Y O U R 
C A R P E T 
C O L O R S ! 
V A -P H A . 
535,175 
828-6343, nile* 653-9596 
Cornelius ft Associates 
L U X U R Y CO N DO 
Over 13oo sa. ft. of carefree living in this 3 bedroom, 2 both condo 
IAU appliances included. 529,9oo. 
R E A L T O R 
691-13oo 
Century 21 
( 
E L A IN E LU D W IG 6 ASSOC. 

Alii ENERGY SAVER 
O P E N I to 6 
Over 3ooo sa- ft- two story tudor on four-fifths acre in University I j Hills 
7835 WILD EAGLE 
699-1ooo A n y tim e 
Beanie Owens Co 
R E A L T O R S Turtle Creek Otc j 

COLONIES NORTH 
O w ne r, 4-2-2, cent h e a t-a ir, 
I fenced, fully carpeted, draped, sc h ool 4 b ik s, g re a t sh ap e 
BE LO W M A R K E T . 696-3423. 351Q 
Ticonderoga. 
________ 
______ 
C O U R T E SY TO B R O K E R S 
Alam o H gfs, 335 A rgy le , open 
1o-2. Call 826-746o. 

Q U IC K cash tor your equity 
We pay closing costs 
LaHom a Properties, Inc. 
349-2679____________ 
S E L L IN G YO UR OWN H O M E ? ? 
Need action now? List it with 
Hart McCorm ick Realtor 344-5564 
Wanted to buy: Small equity in 
Northside home Under 53ooo. No agents Pleose. 337-6613_______ 

DECK IN TRE SKY 
Overlooks mile^ of green valley, redwood and brick home with 4 bedroom, 3’z bath, gam e room, 2 firepace, 2 acres of heavy timber. 
T R A ! L W O O D IM IO NO NW . 
O P E N S A T U D A Y & SU N D A Y 

P E R S 
CU STO M H O M ET9UII 
698-2445 

WE LL BUY YOUR HOME or lot for cash Fast service. Will trade. 
BO B DePAO LO 
344-3o91______________R E A L T O R 

E X C E P T IO N A L G O O D B U Y - 
I F IR S T T IM E A D V E R T IS E D . 4 bedrooms with lots of closets, 2 baths with linen, separate family room with fire place and book­ cases, living, dining, playroom , complete built-in kitchen, pantry, 
I completely carpeted, utility room 
I with sink, double garage, lots of i extra storage, central heat-air. 
Approx. 27oo sa lt 562,5oo. 3714 
N E W R O C K . C o lo n ie s N orth. 
I O P E N H O U SE S O N D A Y 2-6 P.M. 
I F R E D S C H U L Z E 563 5o74. 

OPENSUNDAY ONLY" 
7618 M EADOW LAWN 
2-4 P.M. 
Immaculate 3-2-2 in beautiful forest 
Glen. 
Swimming pool- membership. Very low equity. 
Your hose: Ray Raforth 655-9656. 

4942 HERSHEY 

2-5 P.M. 
Over 19oo $q ft. tor under 
$35,ooo in 
Dellcrest addition. 
Sprinkler system, 2 patios, and many other extras Your host. 
Curtis Park 533-76/7 

6419 GREENTOP 

1:3o-5 P.M. 
Beautiful Northeast location. A real showplace. Custom drapes, fireplace and much more! Your hostess: Gladys Williams 344- 
4926. 
6 5 3 -o 5 5 o 

( D e L a n e ^ e a l t y ^ 

HILLS ’o HELOTES 
O P E N 2 T O 6 
Luxury home on rustic Hillside with massive cedar decking. 
559,5oo 
14&o3 STARCROSS 

7314 GLEN HAVEN 
Come sec this extra nice 3 be­ droom, 2 bath home. Central air- heat and com pletely carpeted. 
N.E. Shoots 
O P E N 1-4 P .M . 
S U N D A Y , M a y 15, ‘77 
OR C A L L 653-o57o A N Y T IM E 
WORLD WIDE REALTY 

1o7o7 OLD BLUE LN. 
OAK CREEK NW 
OPEN HOUSE 1-5PM 
69o 158o 

O P E N 2 : o o - 6 : o o 

5 9 o 2 W IL D W IN D 
In 
WINDCREST oh 
WEDGEFIELD 
Cullom:,ed borne with a new Iran) elavoted, redwood deck! 
Itvrnq ond dining oreoi ond o fireplote of fieldstone Thor reaches the 16 ceiling! 
Terrific Wester suite with dressing room, wolk in closet 
. . 3 bedrooms rn oil! Choice, private lot! 
• 
598,5oo HERITORS 653-7341 
G U Y C H IP M A N C O . 

Spacious older home. Walk to Lee ond N im ifz. 345o sa ft, 3 b e ­ drooms, 3' i baths plus 2ox35 fin­ ishe d d o rm e r, fo r m a l d in in g room, 15x2o den, 11 acre tree lined lot. Low 5o s. Assum e 5321 per mo cr refinance, will trade 
BOB D ePA O LO 
344-3o91______________ R E A L T O R 

O P E N H O U SE Sat-Sun 1o-7 
B Y O W N E R - Woods of Shavano 
English style 2 story home. 27oo sq.ft. 4 bedrooms, 2l/z baths. I yr old. 573,9oo. 45o7 Shavano Woods. 
492-1288 
2:2o-5:oo 
O P E N H O U S E — SU N D A Y 
586 L CONGRESS 
Lovely 3 bedroom, 2 bath. E v e r­ ything about this home is 
P E R F E C T ! 
684-o753 
6539 B A N D E R A 
M A R T IN E Z R E A L T O R S 

O P E N H O U S E 
S A T . -S U N . 1-5 
W O O D L A K E - Im m aculate 3-2-2 on a cul-de-sac. Separate living, dining and family rooms. Custom drapes, w ater softener, utility room, covered patio. 66oo L A K E 
C L IF F . 
High 
3o s. 
661-7562, 
342-9393 
San Antonio Homeowners 
A S S O C IA T IO N -B R O K E R S 

342-9393 

PLACE TOUB WANT AD 
IN THE EXPRESS NEWS 
CALL 225 1666 

2o4-PROPERTY OOT OF TOWN 

) '? Acre Kileen Tx. 14o,ooo Firm, 
'a s is. Improvements. 3 bedroom, 
I bath, I bedroom, I both, 2 car garage apt and 2 bedroom, I both. 
Annual rental potential $4,86o. 9 blks to E ast Gate Ft. Hood No ogents, coll ofter 7pm 656-2216 
3 Bedroom 2 bath. IO Acres. Out- buildings. 1-742-8oo2 

' Energy saving home in N.B Solar hot water, elite neighborhood. All extras. Low utilities. 552,9oo. By builder 1-625-o5o2_______________ in Cuero, 2 story, 188os house on 
2o7x15o’corner. Good home and­ or business. 56o,ooo. Financing avail. Owner 512-275-3534 

L U X U R Y UN A SH O E S IR IN G , that s what this adorable 3 be­ droom, Townhome will give you, no grass to cut, relax by th pool. 
Priced in 3o's. 
RED CARPET 
342-3111 
R E A L T O R S 
684-o663 

MISSION TRACE 
Im m a c u la te g a rd e n hom e in popular ar a.A 3-2-2 with master bedroom down stairs. Covered balconies and other delightful features to include special securi­ ty, 558,75o. 828-8241, nites 344 8o44. 
DON JOHNSON, R E A L T O R S 

KEY GROUP 

O P E N 2-5 S A T U R D A Y 
5o54 S I E R R A M A D R E 
E L D O R A D O 
3-2-2. Come see today. 824-o171 
RED CARPET 
________ R E A L T O R S__________ 
O P E N S U N D A Y 2 to 5 
56o3 DANNY KAYE 
B E S T B U Y O N M A R K E T 
N E A R M E D IC A L C E N T E R A N D 
SC H O O LS. Lovely 3 bedroom, 2 bath, family room and patio, only 
$44,5oo. A must see. Your hostess 
M arie Holm. 828-5671 
S tr a u d e r N e lso n R e a lt y 
R U S T IC C H A R M of rock and 
E ’h.k i.fj' ceder. 3 bedroom, 2 both, Saltillo 
'Y,* 

S E N E C A E S T A T E S 
3 bedroom , 2>, bath, luxury 2 story Townhouse, 2 car finished garoqe 54o,5oo. 684-o711, 684-8311, 
-344-4397 

New Iberia, Louisianna. 5 room brick, walk-in closets 822-7o49 
SM A L L M O TE L D E V IN E 
Good condition. Land tor enlar­ gement. Priced to move. Pleose hurry! S A M W O R D , R E A L T O R 
1-663-2621 D evine, Tx 

2o6 TOWNHOUSES 

 tile floors, loft overlooking large living area with fireplace. Quiet master bedroom with sunken tub in bath, g a rd e n ro o m type covered patio. Located on tree studded lot in stagecoach Hills. 
254o2 North Saddle Trail. 698-1191 
SA V E leg work and Hassle! 
Let us locate your 
^Manufactured Housing or Mobile 
Home 
P R O F E S S IO N A L 
H O U SIN G 
C O N SU LT A N T S 
For Inform ation, Appointm ent, 
_________ m u 

 urious Townhome. M aste r suite has club bath, relax in your own heated Jucizzi pool. Doctor-owner leaving city 
RED CARPET 
1342-3111 
R E A L T O R S 
34141o5 

By 
O w ne r. 
N e a r 
Ft. 
Sam . 
2-2’ 2-2-door opener. F P , oppls, drapes, coy patio, yard. $43,5oo 
828-7279 
___________ 

T U R T L E C R E E K V IL L A G E 
Gorgeous 2 story, 3-2' i-2 with loft, o v e rlo o k in g fire p iace d liv in g a re al Equipped, kitchen with b re a k fast are a, m aste r suite down. Landscaped patio-extrasi 
547.5oo 
M O C K I N G B I R D P O N D 
Choice 3 bedroom , 2’ » bath s, tow nhouse style o v e rlo o k in g pond' Large living with fireplace, formal dining room, snazzy elec­ tric kitchen, Pool and club house. 
543.5oo 
69o-98o2 
GREAT AMERICA 
R E A LT O R S 

 m i ­ ls 225-1666 
E X P R E S S A N D N E W S 

C H A R M IN G 
3-2'/-2 in Terrell Hills. Vaulted ceilings, patio, pool. Exq uisite styling, sm all European complex 
M AC R E A L E S T A T E 828 7521 

TWO STORY TOWNHOUSE 
Beautiful! Overlooks pool. 7 be­ drooms, fireplace in living area, garden patio. Only $43,8oo. Call now. 
349-1436 Anytime 
BASSE WEILBACHER 

— 
5 
WO 
. j ln- 
LH.o2 

INC, R E A L T O R S 

APARTMENTS DUPLEXES 
2 1 o -HOUSES NORTHEASr 
21o HOUSES NORTHEAST 

I ) 
REALTY W O RLD 

NEW DUPLEXES 

TAX SHELTERS 

Excellent cash flow duo to low ta* orea Ready for or tupancy, list of prospective tenonts. Prospects available. 

COMPASS REALTY 

 k 494-3o12 494-16o1 

2 4 - 1 O O U N I T S I 
INQUIRIES INVITED 
ON 
INCOME 
PROPERTIES 
HEY 
• Various 
GROUP locations 
INC. flexible 
Terms 

STERLING BURKE 

REALTORS 

824 6351 

77o1 Broadway 

PIACEFUl COUNTRY UVING large < Br. ft rn FP fennel dining wen Bl kit intercom Horst! OK 
13 8 mr from 16G4, 86 ants 
Oak Village North 494 5221 

HOUYWOOD 
PARK 
Beautiful treed lot on col de soc Spacious 
4 ? 2 rn FP ond Bl $ in fro Bm 
NBR Separate » door to (who, nod dressing room See Today1 
494 5221 
Anytime 

N U R WINDSOR MAU trqoy delightful doily living in this 4 2 
7 w fin gen Bls in kit, walk ta oil schools large covered patio 
Privacy fenced 494 S221 

SAH 8 SOUND Is who! you ll he in this 3 br ? troth home secured w decorative burglot bors Bela* 
K enjoy the pleasures of owning this nome locoted on a pomelo! 
< ut de sew $2o 6oo Coll 6S3 
6364 NOW1 

T BONI 
VAltJf HAMBUBGfR 
PRICf Tim ottmctiv* J bt 2 both home rn pieshqious Northern 
Hills priced considerably towel them othei homes in the aren 
(orpet tbrdout, cozy lf* ond modi mote1 Coll befoie its too kite 
653 6364 
Anytime 

SUPIR SHARP I Ute 3 br I bath w lot so flees ond o beautifully momcuted yard New carpeting thruoul Nothing down VA Dom t miss this one! 6S3-6364 

BIG BRIGHT AND RfAUTIfUl 
Doctor is out leaving this spacious ond oily 4 ? 2 in Decedent con cfihon 
Huge TM Rm, covered palm cmd mote fox Rem 
658-6211 
Anytime 

DK'ORAtOR S 
DRIGHT lins plush 3 2 ? bos everything and the owner is leaving much more 
.Choice treed lot in fox Bun 

658 6211 
Anytime 

IMMCDIATE MOV! IN Country kit in this 3 bt home in Cimoiton 
Imge family room w FP lots of taipei tango, disposal and dishwasher fenced yard and patio 658 621 1 
Anytime 

■K 
N P O ? 

INCOME PLUS 
2 units on Kovton plus 4 room 1 house on corner lot in well kept orea. Priced to sell. 824-4521, nites I 
674-o744 

Turner Realty 

INCOME PROPERTY 
4 unit apt b u ild in g on W est I 
R ose w oo d S e p o ro le m e te rs j 
Good roof and foundation income 
539o per mo Open terms 
G R A L L L A IR D 736 4235 I i i OOO? | 
JUST REDUCED 
52,ooo, owners anxious, partially ! fu rn ish e d , m ake ofter, la r g e j rooms, appliances. $7,/OO 
OWNER CARRY 
4 ptex. O lder 2 story near Ft 
Sam, income 
$37o monthly, j 
$22 ,o o o . 
BRICK in College Hats., big family room, I central heat-air, 3 + 7 bedrooms, I 
2 story corner, spunkier system. - 
I 1; both oui) bulli on, Call Susan 
Van Buren ft Assoc 
484 7171 
654 64o8 
696-S896| 

SAN 

PED RO 

HILLS 

Im ge open living aren 

 with fireplace Sm gle story 

3 bedrooms, imm aculate 

 i''million s46,9oo 

349 S U I 
349 3535 

DEANIE 
OWENS CO. 
Rf AITOR5— MIS 

N Central Ofc 

WINDSOR SQUARE levity I blfif 
, I Vs hath how* I ol VfryfU how# OWW# Bl ll 
■ “ 
Putt* ond privacy femrrt yafd (oil 
Ta lit fist* 
““ “ 
J?. 
( SOO H\U \ 616 

NEAR 

KIRBY 
I Aero plus beautiful home 27oo sq.ft. 3-2-2 sewing room, 3 patios, sp aciou s yard with pool, hon dym an’s dream w orkshop with both, 15 X 129 Complete private duplex in back 587,5oo. H E L E N 
S T A N G E L R E A L T Y 661-4187 nites 337 6816 
Northside, permanent construc­ tion, I and 7 bedroom s. N e ar sch ools and bus. Su itab le tor home also. 626-13o8 
4 U N ITS 
Good renters, easy to keep, in­ come prop close to college, 
528,ooo 
M A C R E A L E S T A T E 828-2521 

21o HOUSES NORTHEAST 

LUXURIO US 

W OO OSTO NE 

FURNISHED MODELS 

5 % D O W N 

C O N V EN T IO N A L 

$1 D O W N V A 

A U H O M E S FEATURE: 

 v* 1oo% Brick Construction u ' 
Handcrafted 
Woodburnmg 
Fireplace ✓ Energy p*" Saving 
Package 
Carpet p" Central heat air 
Deluxe Magic Chef oil 
Electric Kitchen \S 2 Cor Garage 

A FEW HOMES IFFT AT 
$27,45o to $32,95o 
CALL 
6 5 6 -5 4 7 4 

YOU WON T BELIEVE THIS 
Mr. 
Bright if % wiling hi* house on Shining Star ond its really a aport*ter* you alto won't believe the low equity he if cititinp for fbi* 
3 bedroom, 7 bath. Call us for details 8?B-?7o4 

BOUNOUS! 
This beautiful 3 bedroom, 
2 bath Home hat fluffy new shop carpet thruput with family room fireplace, dishwasher, garbage db- potal, double oven and 2 car garage. You mutt ion this one for $3B,5oo. 828- 
27o4 

ALAMO HGTS 
B ra ss Lanterns invite you into charm ing 2 1 home, new cat pet covers lovely large fit enlaced liv­ ing find dining room. Country kit chen sports a shuttered bay win­ dow e atin g o re a. G lo s s e d in laundry room overlooks covered patio, fenced back y a rd 
By ow ner, 537,9oo 
535 
A R G O . 
874 o988 
No agents. Shown by appointment 

WINDSOR 

PARK MALL 
4 b#tit cmm. i bath with iwgo 
Mipmotr ga* ag* Inf wad* ut rn 
(ton# bmbcqu<\ new tool, ftreplwe anti dintnq ream, tool Only $73,ooo 
Nun f»S6 /HO 

ALMOST I ACRE 
4 bedroom, I borh Home, 3 intqr (tv inq rooms family room with firepioi* Built in* gator* including attached apartment. Over J4oo »q 
H Mush morel (all for detail* Nit** 
ASB MIO 

NAYLOR REAITY 
GALLERY o f h o m e s 

656-552o 691-1 121 
341 9191 

B E A U T IF U L L Y D E C O R A T E D 4 bedroom, J bath home in excellent location lo ts of room , 4th be droom can serve cis study Fire place, built In bat, " L " shaped hymn dining room. 7 patios and 
CIUS gilt! 
$47,9oo 
494 7651 
A N Y T IM t 
ROSOW ft KLINE 
R E A l TORS 5o Ye ats Ot TRUST 
4 B E D R O O M B E A U T Y 
A room y den w ith lir e p la i e separates the 4 bedroom and 7 boths. from the tot m al dining ond living areas. Screened F lo rid a 
• oom tai plants and additional recreational at aa. 
$54,5oo 
656 /717 
C e n t u r y 21 
James Glascock Ft Assot 

 a B E D R O O M s p e c i a l 
2 baths, fenced yard, central air, 
I car garage, $25,ooo Hay $1,ooo and move rn. $235 monthly. See al 
12327 
LA 
B A R C A 
497 1o/2, 
658-o79o 

5 K O H M ! 

ALAMO HOTS SCHOOLS 
Custom limit brick. Alm ost new with charm, spacious rooms, tor mal dining, separate living, farm 
IV. J-i'r-3. 824-4571 
Nelson Con/, REALTORS 
A la m o H gts Sc h o o ls W alk ta i e le m e n tary, 3-2-2, b ric k , P a 1 roquet floor in living mom, large yard, garden, excellent condition, near 4to, North Star and new No j 
EXP $39,95o. 721 Coronet 344 892o 

3 yr old 7 story home In t i Do rado, form al livin g and dining rooms, den wilt! stone fireplace, eat in kitchen. 3 lull baths, util room, carpeted, draped, inter com, oversized double guruge, e xtra la rg e fenced yard , low 
56o s. By owner 656 126o________ 
RLLMEADL 
"Slone's Throw To Ft Sam'* 
Spacious, sturdy 2 bedroom , 7 bath home with central beal ond air, enormous living, dining loom, fam ily lo o m w ith fire p la c e , m aid 's q u arte ts, trees, lots cit parking area 2o7 W vanokc 
826-o6o6 
R E A L T O R S 
826 3J65 
SUE W E E M S & ASSOC. 
KEY GROUP 

3 3 8 B I M 

 u s H o m e l 

™ 
I 

ALL ROCK, ranch-stylo home in 
Leo H igh d is t r ic t...h as 3 be drooms. 7 baths plus quarters! 
Formal rooms with doors to pre! tv patio and garden. 
24 HR T E L E P H O N E S E R V IC E 
546,5oo. 
R E A L T O R S 
696-4811 
Guy Chipman Co 

2o6 TOWNHOUSES 

E N C H A N T E D V IL L A G E - 3 be droom , 2 bath, fully carpeted. 
E x c e lle n t co nd itio n . $39,5oo. 
349-4276, 342-5o18. 
JIM VIA. REALTOR 
F IR S T T IM E ON M A R K E T 
• BRIGHT TOWNHOUSE# 
Near FL Sam, Anyone for tennis, sw im ming, golf? Corner view I bedroom, bath down, 2 bedrooms, both-up. Saltillo tiled floors down. 
Fireplace $41,ooo. 826 2347 

Thelma B. Pressman 
For Sale, bv owner, condominium in Crown Ridge, 3 bedrooms, 2 bath, large patio, all I story. Cus­ tom drapes, self cleaning oven 
Plush carpeting and other extras. 
Must see to appreciate priced at 
$39,5oo, can assume 7*.V-A loan. 
Call m ornings or atter 
5pm, 
653-2278 

OF CENTRAL TEXAS 

IN THE GLEN 

You will find this pretty 
3) bedroom, ? both house on o quiet cul-de soc with shade trees and fenced yard If s well kept ond a value at 
S23.SOO 
Nites call 
Cooper Hightower 696 1427. 

NAYLOR REAITY 

GALLERY OF HOMES 
691-112! M I 9191 656 552o 

A N X IO U S O W N E R in e le gan t 
Northwood Estates 3 bedrooms, 2 baths, family room with fireplace 
Many buiH-ins. Call now 
IN T E R ST A T E 828 o755 til 8 pm 
A R E A L SHOW O F F Modestly pi iced, practiallv perfecf. 3 be 
I droom, 2 bath home, large single living area, impressive rock ti re­ place , co vered p atio, p ric e d reduced lo $41,5oo 
RLD CARPET 
342-31 1 1 
R E A L T O R S 
696 5o77 

AS GOOD 

A BEAUTY 
L arge 4-2-2 on 1oox2oo lot with m any trees. Excellent floorptan, separate living-dining, den with fireplace, N E Schools 
494 5281 
494 4o23 
H IL L CO U N T R Y R E A L T O R S 
A D JA C EN r TO W IN D SO R M A L L 
• 3 bedrooms, 2 baths, Only $75o down, like new. No credit? O k.! 
922-2173, 675-9294, 673-4714 
PAT MC V E Y R E A L E S T A T E 
A F F O R D A B L E 
Lovely 3 bedroom, 2 balli home in an excellent Northeast location. 
Assum able equity with m onthly payments of $189. Just right for a beginning family. Yours tor only 
$23,5oo Evenings 653-5651 
Century 21 
D E L A N E Y REALTY653-o55o 

As New. Immaculate, 2 bedroom, 
I ' 7 bath. 
P ric e d to 
S E L L 
($31,ooo.) Vacant, Owner carry. 
R O YA L R ID G E , of course! 
824-2391 (Anytim e) 
Beanie Owens Co 
R E A L T O R S Austin Hwy Otc 

A ssum e from owner, save, Old 
Camelot, 3-2Luxury-2. Fireplace, den. Too m uch to m en tion , 
536,5oo, more mfor coll, 653-3289 

A SOPER LOCATION 
By owner, 4 2 2, with large den, located in W in d sor P a rk M a li area within walking distance at 3 schools and sh opping centers. 
Asking $38,5oo. Call 657-ooo8 day 
655-8162 lutes__________________ 

ATRIUM HOME 
Im m acu late 3-2-2 built arou n d blooming atrium. Ioo"» stucco, 2o' covered patio, lovely lan d sc ap ­ ing, convenient to Randolph, Ft. 
Sam. $39,ooo Nites 655-7492. 

Are you priced nut of the m arket? 
See this J bedroom, I bath, central b eal air, sto ve , d ish w a sh e r, beautiful yard. Northeast schools 
$23,75o 655 /713 
T A N G LE W OOD R E A L T Y 

BRISTOL PLACE 
By owner, pay equity and $738 me. 4-2-2, Available now. 661-3756 

16o BRYN MAWR 
Jus! painted inside and out and completely redecorated. Stained floors vacant. 824-7314 
Dixie Rose, Realtor 

By anxious o w ner comfortable 
3-2-t, Northstar M a ll area, low 
3o's. Call today' 341 5o83 

A GOOD DEAL 
C e n t u r y 21 on this 3-2-2, in The Glen. Open terms to fit your budget or owner i will help finance. 
RO U G H R ID E R R E A L T Y 
654-7131 
AH SC H O O L S-JUST L IS T E D 
, 
In Northridge. 3-1’ i-2. Convenient bus, centers and schools. 824 2486 ! 
H A R D Y A CO, R E A L T O R S 
AH SCHO O LS Terrell Hills State ly 2-story brick, 4-3 plus a irs, 
3-car gar., 9-hole putting green. 
JO N ES K IN G 826-24J9 

M O N E Y S A V E R S R E A L T Y 
656 242o A N Y T IM E 

A la m o H e igh ts, by ow ner, 3 bedroom. 2'? baths, study, su n ­ room , central air, com pletely remodeled $52,ooo 828-7326 

B A R G A IN H U N T IN G ? $375 is all it takes to get into this 3 bedroom hom e with oir, ap p lian ce s and cornet. Don't pass it up! 696-o974 
Fortunu Associates, 696-1417 
B E A U T IF U L A R E A 
Alamo Heights Schools. 4 bdr, J bath, nice family room, electric kitchen, p rivac y fence, patio, largo trees. Only *46,5oo 736 1918 
H ft H REALTY 

B Y O W N l R, 3 2 2. I blk of Hi 
School. Fireplace, huge fam ily- liv in g room w ith c a th e d ra l ceiling $37,9oo, conv, or aAum e 
$293 per mo. + equity 656-1169 
BY O W N ER C A M E L O T ll 
’ 
IM M A C U L A T E 4-2-1, carp e ts, built ms, beautiful fenced yard 
$77,5oo. $7ooo down, p aym ents 
$26o mo. Boerne Tx 33* 7442 
BY O W N E R -Camelot ll Like new 
3-2 . large firepiaced den. carpels, boil! ms, fenced. M a n y extras. 
$38,ooo. $3,ooo down, $336 mo 
I 316 2442, Bourne, T x __________ 
By owner, J-2-7. close to schools, buses, malls, built ins in kitchen, covered patio and trees 922 Mf 
Serolod. Coll M r G ro ss 725 5751 or 492-161o. 
BY OW NER. Dream land Oaks. 3 bedroom, 2 bath. approx 2ooo sa. 
It 
L a rg e patio, m an y tre e s 
S37.ooo By appl, only J44 468o 
By owner, El Dorado, 4 7 7, for- m al living and dining, den with fireplace, approx 2ooo sa ft. 
VA. 656-6833. 
BY O W N ER, E L D O R A D O 
Corner lot, 3-2-7, 172o sa. It. Fire­ place, covered patio, soft H2o 
B S Q 
Much more, 
*44,55o 
656-1336 
_____________ 
B Y O W N ER, E L D O R A D O . 4 2 2, 
Separate dining and living rooms, family room, fireplace, 2,ooo sa It. landscaped, brick. Assum e ?'« % 
V A, or refinance, very law SO,'S. 
655 828o 

ALAMO HEIGHTS SCHOOLS 
Well-maintained fam ily home, I bedrooms, 2 baths, large kitchen, den area with built-in*, form al living-dining. Mid 4o'* 824 o284. 
STEVE T. FINCH 

ALAMO HEIGHTS SCHOOLS 
4 bedrooms, 2 bath, double g a r ­ age. M id 4o s, Tip Top Shape) 
181o Edgehlll. Call your agent 

ALAMO HEIGHTS 
This is one of the ‘‘hard to find kind". 3 bedrooms, J baths, family . room plus an enclosed lolousied porch, living room with fireplace, separate dining, kitchen with bay windows, central heal and air. j 
826-o6o6 
R E A L T O R S 
822-1646 
SU E W E E M S & ASSOC. 

KEY GROUP 

A L A M O H E IG H T S . P atte rso n 
Ave. all brick home perfect to i remodel. 2 bdrm, I bath, living ! room, separate dining, breakfast ! room, sm all fam ily sitting room j area, great lot with pecan trees. 
S59,iOO. W EST R E A L T Y . 656-4494. 

B E A U T IF U L 
3 
B E D R O O M i H O M E with payments under $16o 
: Owner anxious to sell. No down 
' VA, coll now 
H U G H ES & B R IS C O E 
; 924-4331 
R E A L T O R S 
475-o696 
; B E A U T IF U L F A M IL Y H O M E with 4 la rge be d roo m s, 3 tut! decorator baths, country sized kitchen, fam ily room with fire- 
; place. Large formal living room. 
; separate formal dining room. All 
■ this and N E schools. In desirable 
Thousand 
Oaks. 
824-o121 A N Y T IM E 

ROSOW 6 KLINE 
I 
REALTO RS-5o Years of TRU ST 

BY OW NER, El Dorado, J yr. old 
2-sfory (tome, carpeted, custom drapes, intercom, water softener, extra targe fenced yard, extras. 
Mid SSO *. 653 4382 
BY O W N ER EL D O R A D O 
3-2-2 lovely 17oo sa It. brick home with spacious family room, large living room and master bedroom. 
Wall to wall carpeting, custom drapes, covered patio, fireplace. 
Well kept fenced yard 7% loan, make this home worth seeing M id 
4o S 455 8853___________________ 
By Owner Fox Run 4-2-J, 2,ooo sa.ft »« Acre. Beautiful home, assum e $13,ooo equity, $38,4oo 
Balance, 656-4o43. 
B Y O W N E R 
1-1 V I , fre sh ly painted, carp e te d , s p a r k lin g clean Big kitchen with lots of cabinets Built-in stove stays. 
Large fenced y ard with Ioxt4 
Bam boo and wood plant room. 
Central oir-heot. $25,ooo or equity and assume $172.5o. 454-15o4 
By Owner, 4 2-1, fully carpeted, qir-heat, co v e re d p atio, N E 
School dis! Fenced, paym ents, 
$177. 
Equity and assume 
433-8575. 
BY OW NER Gracious 3 2-2. Live 
Oak near Randolph Cul-de-sac, coy. patio, priv fence, soft water, carpet, drapes, landscaped Low equity. $32,ooo 8138 Dry Canyon. 
Call 653-14o5 Today 11 

A L A M O H E IG H T S . B e au tifu l re c e n tly rem od eled hom e. 3 bdrm , carpeted, J bath, livin g room with FP, separate dining room. Floors retimshed, central heat and air, maid s quarters with balk 
W EST R E A L T Y . 656-4494. 
463.5oo. 

W O O D B R ID G E T O W N H O M ES town Loc. Super Amenities 
E iu n h au e r 
826-63o1 x. 

T & G rc a t 

 c A m e f f c a a 

*■ ^ T V a r g t S o 

‘W A N T A D S ! 

/A\SH iir»m aJG ) 
• • 
• _ m g 

Op«n Mondoy thru friday 8 A.M. to 5:3Q P.M. 
D EA D LIN ES: 
M ondoy thru Thursday 
5 :o o P.M. for Following D ay 
Friday 1:3o for Saturday 
Friday 5 P.M. for Sunday 
Friday 5 :3 o P.M. For /Aanday 
CLOSED SA T U R D A Y A N D S U N D A Y 
Cancellations and Corrections can be made 
M onday thru Friday 8 A M. til 5 :3 o P M. 

The f x p r e s j N e w s C o r p a cce p ts re sp o n sib ility 

 fo r e rro rs the first d a y o f p u b lica tio n o n ly 

S i 
" 
£JL® 

CENTURY 21 

:girHMKi-HOflTIWIIEST 

- g iiiif U iiIliu iiiiliiiiH iiiim iiiii 
I 
SPECIAL REDUCED 
I 
PRICE 

| O N L Y ^ I l f FT 
I AT $44,2oo 

?Io HOUSES4DBTHEAST t it HOlSES-WORTEIfAST 
San Antonio EXPRESS N E W S — Saturday M a y 14 1 9 7 7 

" y~1 n^HDUSES WOaTHEAST 
’ 21o tioiTSES WQflTHEAST 
21o - KBBSES WOBTHEAST 
O iF IU T Y fit Q M M t o w n h o u s e . 2 -B e d ro a m , i r L t l i l i U i flU U m large bath with vanity All Kitchen 
4 bedroom, V i baths, plus l i v i n g a p p lia n c e s, d ra p e s , p r iv a c y room , d in in g room and fam ily fence. Store room, SSOS Assum e room, carpel, kitchen appliances, p a y m e n ts of *181. mo. M U S T and new paint in and out, fenced, 
S E L L T H IS M O N TH . After Se rn corner lot, w alk lo elem entary 
811-3958 and h igh sch o o l for N o rth e a st 
Park. Niles 826-7293 

YOU WON T B IL IM THIS 
M r . g r lg h t it te llin g h it 
House o n Sh in in g S ta r a n d h » re alty a sp a rk le r, y o u otto w o n ’t b e lie v e th* la w 
• g u tty h o is a sk in g fo r th is 
3 b e d ro o m , 2 both. C o ll v s to r details. 8 2 8 -5 7 o 4 . 

DOltHOUSf 
This be au tifu l 3 b e d r o o m , J b o th H om o H as flu ffy n o w sh a g carp e t d im o u t w ith fa m ily ro o m fire p la c e , d ish w ash e r. g a r b a g e d isp o sal, d o u b le o v e n a n d J cor g a r a g e . Y o u m u st se e this o n e tor $ 3 8 ,S O O 
8 2 8 
57o4 
. 
_______ 

TRADE IN your old house for a new all brick home. 
EASY TO DO: 
You pick one o f our new homes and we toke your old house in trade. N o bother, no double 

 payments. 

C all today on how to trode in your old house on a new all brick home. 
659-o471 

CAMELOT I luxury 
3 bedroom, 
V ' i both townhome in quiet 
Brea. Tully carpeted. Ex* cedent condition thruput. 
Double garage. 
7314 GLEN HAVEN ixtra nice 3 bedroom, 2 both home, central air beat and completely carpeted. 
Garage converted lo T.V. room. Convenient to Ran­ dolph, Tt. Sam and Windsor 
Park Mull. 
EAST TERRELL HILLS 
Comfortable 3 bedroom, 2 bath home with fireplace. 
Priced under $2o,ooo. 

TOR DETAILS AND VIEWING 
CAII 653-o57o ANYTIME 

WORLD WIDE REALTY 

LISTEN TO THIS! 
Extra nice, 3-2-2 with a patio kitchen, one large 
•ivtng oreo, privacy fenced corner location. Close to shopping. $ 3 1 ,5 o o . 3 4 2 - 
4 177, nites 3 4 2 -2 9 4 7 . 

$3,1oo EQUITY! 
Assum e loan on this sharp 
3 2 2, b ig living area, built m kitchen, heat and air 
Refrigerator and stove 
O n ly 
$ 2 9 ,9 o o . 
3 4 2 4 1 7 7 , nites 
49 2- 
1113 
REALTY 
WORLD 
Bill Southern 

PRE-OWNED HOMES 
SEE THESE 
AND OVER 
9oo OTHER 
PREOWNED 
HOMES IN 
Son Antonio's 
Fastest Growing 
Area 

GREAT INVESTM EN T 
PROPERTY! 
Pretty yard with mony trees this 3-1-1 home has 
2 pontrys in kitchen, stove and drapes remain well lighted work area in garage $18,9oo. Nites 
826-7668 
ALL BRICK H O M E fresh os spring 3 2 with finish­ ed game room. OPEN living con­ cept. Master bedroom, 18x1o, 
I (tollhouse Nites 658 1428 
D RA PES STAY 
I 4 cathedral beamed ceiling lends spaciousness to this lovely 
3 2-2 home, located on a quiet cul de sac. 
Available in late lune. Niles 656-4781. 
REAL C H A LM ER 
3 2-7, Valley Forge home. Low equity, nice lawn, paneled garage, quick possession. Niles 
82? 9438. 
STOVE-REERIG. 
3-IV?-1, nice trees, stove and refrigerator remain, large pan­ try, priced to sell Nites 826- 
7668 
SLEEP IN PA RK 
3-2 2 in o park like yard, large enough for olympia sire pool, vegetable garden, or flowers. 
Automatic garage door opener. 
Sparkling (Lean and neat! Nites 
824 9818 
ENTERTAINERS 
OELIGHT 
Walk to elem. school, and pool from this super immaculate home. 
KING sized master bedroom suite! Call to see this better thon NEW DESIGN III home with oversized covered patio, intercom, Terrazo entry, and FREI standing fireplace. 
Nnes 826-7668 or 658-1428. 
PRESTIGE PLUS 
Privacy fenced 3-2-2 with fire­ place in beautiful, established neighborhood A 4- Kotina so dun t pass up! 536,6oo, Niles 
494 2191 

Q UIET A N D 
PEACEFUL 
This practically new 3-2-7 is located on a quiet street in a lovely now neighborhood Many extras were included in original purchase, privacy fenced, nice town and oak trees. Assume THA or new loan. Sell or will consider second lain. 
Immediate oc­ cupancy. Nites 656-8218. 
S W IM M IN G POOL 
On a quiet tut de sac, 3-2 2 
! with well manicured lawn and quaint architectural style. 
Refrigerator with icemnker and nil drapes stay $32,95o Niles 
822 9438. 
H O N EY M O O N ER S 
DELIGHT 
Picture perfect 3-1'/?-!, OPEN 
ARFA concept with vaulted ceilings. Corner lot, sprinkler I system, superb landscaping, freshly painted, open terms. 
$25,5oo. Nites 658 1428. 
G AR D EN KITCHEN 
*, 
3-2 2, fully carpeted, garden kitchen, covered patio. SUNKEN conversation area, fireplace, professionally landscaped. Im- ‘ mediate occupancy. Randolph urea. Niles 658 1428. 
UNDER $ 3 o ,o o o 
3 2 2 has much ILC. Walk to elementary. Quirk occupancy. 
Under 53o OOO. Nites 658-1428. 
SACRIFICE 
Owned by Morton Southwest 
Realty, we will cut this price to the minimum to sell Move in now 3 2 2, with formal living and dining rooms plus separate family room. Privacy fenced yard. Nites 824 9816 

EN G LISH STYLE 
Assume low equity on this extra 
(lean, 4-2-2. Has everything. 
Must see now! Nites 494 2191. 

PERFECT BEG IN N IN G fresh 3-2-1 with fenced yard and owner added extras Too numerous to mention! 527,2oo 
Cc I rates 494-2191 * 

T R A D E - IN 
Y o u r Ota House tor this flaw lux­ u ry g a rd e n ho m e rn N o rth e rn 
Hills 3 bedroom s with I baths and a 2 -car g a ra g e . D e c o ra te d in earth tones, View the golf course. 
Coit 824-o171 tor private showing. 
Century 21 
M O N E Y S A V E R S R E A L T Y 
65* 242o A N Y T IM E 
OR ASK 
^ 
YOUR REALTOR 

C h a rm in g c o u n try h om e w ith curved rock drive w ay and rock fence. 3 bedroom s, 2 baths, fam ily room with firepaiace. E x tra room off garage. All kitchen appliances, pius w asher and d ry e r O ve r I acre, in Northwood Hills. 
658-3535 A n ytim e 

R E A L T O R S 
TRI LEVEL-Countpyslde 
Beautiful 4 bedroom, 3 bath home next to sw im pool a n d te n n is courts- A P L U S ! Fireplace, wet b o r w ith ic e m a k e r in fa m ily room. 82<MS71 
8o8 RODGERS, REALTORS 
81o7 Broadway 
R E A L T O R S Randolph Ole now, it can be sold. Real clean, 4 bedroom , I bath, 2 ca r garage , 
O aks, fireplace. E xce lle n t loca­ tion. Additional builders hom es hi the area. Wide selection. Call now! 
824-2391 (A n y tim e ) 

4 bedroom s, 2'-z baths, separate d in in g room a n d liv in g room . 
Fireplace rn fam ily room Profes­ sionally landscaped. Auto garage door opener 
653-435o 

This it a super buy at *57 SSO. All brick 4 bedroom home with 228o sa ft. la rg e fire p la c e , lo v e ly covered patio. Full of amenities. 
433-6658 nites 
349-4343 Anytime 

Spoefou! 4 bedroom, 2 both home, carpeted throughout Located on quiet cut de-sac. Lowest buy in 
P o p u la r N E sub d iv isio n A s ­ sum e 73« % VA loan, too m ony extras to list. 
656-3ooo A n y tim e 

Beautiful la rg e hom e, a p p ro x . 
2,ooo sa It. 4 bedrooms, 2 baths, 2 car garage, fireplace in fam ily room. Only SSO,SOO. Refinance or assume, low monthly payments. 
653-435o u s H o m e 
BV O W N E R - Valencia, 4-3-2, on cul-de-sac. 25oo sa.ft. of functional luxury includes 2 master suites. 
Lots of e x tras tor fam ily that values comfort, convenience and privacy 654-1286._______________ 

 iiriiiiiiifiuiifiiiimuiuiiiuiiifil 
REALTO RS-Austin Hwy Ofc 

• Naco Perrin Area • 
Beautiful 3 bedroom, I bath, with all paneled g a ra g e . R e frig e ra tor ice m aker range-dishw asher- g a rb a g e d isp o sa l, w a sh e r and dryer all just like new, all these for only, *23.7oo, assum e or conv: 
Hurrv if won't lost! 

R E A L T O R S-W o lie m Ole 
R E A L T O R S-B lo n c o Rd. Ofc 
LEON VALLEY 
JUST PAINTED. 3-2-2, with family 
.roam, central heat and air, large patio. Very convenient location! 
$31,95o 
342-4177, nitev 735- 
1535. 
THE SUMMIT 
Immaculate 3-2-2 on a quiet street. Sewing room, big covered patio, fenced yard. Convenient to shopping. 
$43,5oo 
342 4177, nites 656-o333. 
REALTY 
WORLD 
Bill Southern 

R E D U C E D IN W IN D C R E S T ! 
Beautifully landscaped, all brick home with 5 bedroom s, 2' i baths, has form al living, dining rooms- 
...fam ily room with fire p lac e ! 
Covered patio! Close to Roosevelt 
High! 
24 HR T E L E P H O N E S E R V IC E 
*9o,5oo. 
R E A L T O R S 
494-7771 

B Y O W N E R , V A L E N C IA . 4 2 2, cul de sac, walk to school and pool. /% VA.PIT! *286 + equity or terms. 653-8437. 127o3 La Fonda. 
Exceptional value at *4o,9oo. 
Bv owner, Valley Forge, 4-2-2, conventional or assum e 7->-» VA. 
Spacious, roomy, cabinets and closets galore. 148,5oo 656-7183. 
Bv owner, V aliev Forge, 4-2-J. form al dining room, fireplace, utility room, 2 patios, p riv a c y fenced 54o,9oo. 653-5669.________ 

R E A L T O R S P e r rin Bedel Ofc 
JUST L IS T E D 
IN R ID G E VI E w - 2 b edroom s, large living, dining, central neat and air. carpet and lovely hard wood floors, plus beautiful large pool 
Ask tor 
Pankev 
Cunningham 
341-9166 A N Y T IM E 

REALTORS-W olzem Ole 

 in Popular Northern Hills. Lovely 
4 bedroom s, 2 baths, I ca r g a r ­ ages. Super electric kitchen and walk in closets. Too m any extras to list, call for details on these two lovely new listinas. 
656-3ooo A nytim e 

12o22 LA CH A R C A 
Is a pre stigio u s a d d re ss, la rge fam ily living area with fireplace, 
3 bedrooms, 2 hie baths, Seeing is believing. Call 822-33o1 
Century 21 
E L D O R A D O 
3-2-2, la n d scap e d to p erfection and complete with a hobby lobby. 
Self cleaning oven, water softener and retrig, too. Coit. 656-1234 

N E A R W IN D S O R M A L L 
O w ner will finance this 3-2 2 in 
Camelot ll Form al living, dining, 
A N D family room. 12x4o covered patio-call for details. *45.ooo 
69o-98o2 

R E A L T O R S Perrin Beitel Ofc 
H andsom e 2 sto ry O lm o s P a rk home on targe c o rn e r lot High ceilings, carpet over hardw ood floors. Studv off living room, large d in in g . R e m o d e le d kitc h e n , breakfast room looks onto lovely pool and patio, large m aster with sitting room. 3-2 plus qts. 822-3315 

Tw o story Spanish C o lo n ia l in 
Regency Ploce. 4 bedrooms, cus­ tom drapes, gas grill. Im m aculate home within walking distance to 
Elem entry and High School. In the 5o’s. 

Lovely 5 bedroom, executive style fam ily home with room to “enter­ tain the whole com pany". Heated p ool w ith w h irlp o o l, h u g e 
D e'H anis tile patio and sprinkler system. 
Priced right, under 
51oo,ooo. 
826-o6o6 
R E A L T O R S 
826-4272 
SU E W E E M S & ASSOC. 

But not the a v e r a g e g a r d e n home! Custom designed for lux urious, care fre e liv in g, ideal location, better than new condi­ tion, quality throughout, 2-2 with study, sewing room-ottice, 3 car garage equivalent with storage and workbench, growing garden, p lu s m any other e x tra s b u ilt around 25oo sa ft. of a ir condi­ tioned space. 653 o216. 
B V O W N E R 
J-2 2 with 4th be droom or study Assume 1% VA. 
Low equity. N E sch ools N e ar 
Randolph-Ft. Sam. 654-629o 

R E A L T O R S 
828-6391 A n ytim e 
W 
W l E i r * * * * * * * * * * 

' 
EXECUTIVE 
* 

^COUNTRY ESTATES J 

J ★ ! acre ★ 3 bedroom ★ wood £ 
J burning fireplace 
* .covered J 
▼ patio ★ many extras *• quiet "K 
J country living with all the cityK w* conveniences ★ no city taxes ★ ♦ 
4 “ one of o kind ★ wooded I6t ★ •¥■ purchase before price increase 
Jf- Ar a bargain $62,8oo 
"it 
VA financing available. 

* 
Co ff 
* 
J 
TOM HOTMAN i f 
* 
DOUG HOW ARD f 
* 
684-3113 
J 
J . 1646 ROB ROY 

B y owner, soda dispensers, built in stereo system, full wetbar This 
IVOO sq.ft. J bedroom, 2 bath cu s­ tom built home is an entertainer’s dream ! O nly *46,5oo. C all o n y- time. 822-5539 ar 342-3174. 

N EA R W IN D SO R M A L L 
7 or 3 Bedrooms, carpeted. Stove and re frig e ra to r in c lu d e d . 
Assume *137 per month. 
Call 
3491479 
Hector J. Harbeck Inc., Realtors 
N E W H O M E IN F O R M A T IO N 
A N D C O U N S E L IN G C E N T E R ! 
Example: 3-2 2, with carpets and fireplaces under $35,ooo. Where, ask us? 
C A S E M A K E R R E A L T Y CO. 
69o 899o Eves 696-88o5, 342-7712 

R E A L T O R 
826-8673 Anytim e 
JEFFERSON JACKPOT! 
NOTHING DOW N! 

Old-Foshioned 
DREAM 
HOME” beneath huge, shade, trees, large room dimension throughout. 3 bedrooms, 2 baths, living room, separate dining and family rooms. 
Fenced 'A acre, fireplace heater. 

Realtors-NE Loop ofc 
• K IR B Y • 
1o15 H IC K O R Y H IL L 
4 bedroom, 2 bam, heal and air, sell on VA appraisal with no clos­ in g costs, b ig d isco unt on a s ­ sumption. 622-3363. 
R E N F R O R E A L T Y 

T h is lo ve ly 4 b e d ro o m 2 bath home can be refinanced on a new loan. Oual fireplace between liv­ ing room and fam ily room. Inter­ com and drapes remain. Garden kitchen with serve thru to patio. 
Just reduced to *42,5oo. 
658-3535 An ytim e 

O N D E R *4o,ooo. New on market. 
Spacious 2 living area home. 19 ft master bedroom for the furniture. 
F IR E P L A C E T O O ! C o rn e r lot, p rivacy fence M oderate equity. 
S E E NOW ! 828-6343, eves 653-9596 

4 bedrooms, double garage, ail b rick beauty 
M a n y e x t r a s l 
*35,5oo, assume or refinance. 
REALTY WORLD 
HIDDEN FOREST 
Custom built 
3-2-2, rock home on large lot, loft game room, opens to wood deck overlooking large ranch. 
Energy package, top line ap­ pliances, wood burning fireplace. 7 V j% assumption available. 
No city taxes, many more extras. 494-16Q1 
494-3o12 
Compass Realty 

By owner, Woodlake, cul-de-sac, 
3-2-2, living room, and paneled fanny room, cathedral ceilings, fully, covered patio, landscaped., privacy fenced, upper *3o,‘s. As- 
Sume t h y A, 661-771o.______ 

K IR B Y M A N O R 
3 bedroom, I 1, baths, new carpet, central heat-air, covered patio 
349-65o3, 494-2o4o 

E V E R Y O N E i n T H E p o o l , 
Mom and Dad can join in the fun, too because this im m aculate 4 bedroom, 3V* bath home is ready tor occupancy. Excellent neigh­ borhood, excellent financing, ex­ cellent schools. 654-6555. 

BOB MCGINNIS 
REALTORS 
V 349-6211 

C A M E L O T 
3-2-2 home on large lot. Fireplace, drapes and carpet Open teems. 
LOW monthly po vmenis. 656-1234 

U N IQ U E 
One of those rare tloorplans that puts the kitchen in the center of fam ily activities. A coo k's dream , and located in Northern Hills. 
824-o171 

R E A L T O R S Rondolph Ofc 

K IR B Y , TEXA S- Nice 3 bedroom, 
I ’> baths, central heat-air, large attached garage. Equity, assum e 
5148 m o, 7°o int or refinance VA nothing down. 522,ooo or best otter. No otters refused. M ust sell as soon as possible. Call for de­ tails. C H A R L E S W A T T S R E A L 
E ST A T E 
732-2918, 
732-5355, 
2 2 8 -9 1 o 4 .____________ _______ 

Sharp 3-2-2 just like new Lovely decore throughout M exican tiled front entry, truly beautiful. A goo d b a rgain at only 544,ooo. 
828-8241, bites 735 6943. 
DON JOHNSON, R E A L T O R S 

T h is lo ve ly 4 b e d ro o m 2 bath home can be refinanced on a new loon Dual fireplace between liv­ ing room and fam ily room. Inter­ com and drapes rem ain Garden kitchen with serve thru to patio 
Just reduced to 542,5oo. 
658-3S3S A n ytim e 

Century 21 
W A Y N E FO GU S R E A L T Y 
C A S T L E H IL L S 
Lovely colonial on oversized lot. s bedroom s, 2 baths. F ire p lac e in ta mil v room. Separate living and dining room. New a p p lian c e s in kitchen. Redecorated throughout. 
W alk to Lee High Call 494-7651 
A N Y T IM E 

R E A L T O R S 
Excellent location 3 BR , club bath. immaculate. 
53o,5oo. 
655-5174 
___________ _ 

Large 4 bedroom, 2' ? bath home situated on a quiet cul-de-sac. 
Fully carpeted, 2 living areas with fireplace in family room. North­ east schools. Available now. For viewing, call 654-1844 A N Y T IM E u s H o m e 

E X IR A N IC E 3-2 2, fomily room with fireplace, carpets, m an y builtin*. *53oo eauify, 5296 mo. 
IN T E R S T A T E 828-o755 til 8 pm 

Walk to pool and tennis court*. 4 bedroom s, 1955 sq. ft. F re s h ly painted in sid e a n d out. L a r g e fire p la c e , a lot of h o u se (o r 
*49,9oo. Com pare and choose this fine fam ily home. Nites 656-8o15. 
349-4343 Anytim e 

+ 
Of CENTRAL TEXAS 
* 
L A N D S C A P E R S D R E A M 
This well maintained 4 2-2 Span- ish-style located in E ld o rad o it ready for a do-it-yourself lands­ caper. Make an offer. 824-o171 

REAL COUNTRY LIVING 
HOLLYWOOD PARK! 
4 spacious bedrooms, 2 decorator bathrooms, huge living-dining room, large fomily room with fireplace, kitchen and breakfast area. Oversized lot with 42 TREES, courtyard plus covered patio. Priced for QUICK SALE! 
BOB MCGINNIS 
REALTO RS 
'. O T I 
349-6211 

R E A LT O R S-R an d o tp h Otc 
Lu xu ry home 4-2-2, nice pool, fireplace, near Randolph, good neighborhood. Sells in 5 days for 
548,5oo, be first! 
344-75o5 
Anytime. 
L Y N N M. C R E E L - VA B R O K E R 

C A M E L O T I. Immaculate 3-2, den 
14x27, carpet, central heat air, over 155o sq.ft *35.875. 655-3948 
R EA LTO R S-SO Years of T R U S T 
C A S T L E H IL L S ...Beautifully and completely redecorated hom e, set on w ide la w n s... h a s 
2 w oodburning fireplaces, custom d ra p e rie s and a rem odeled kit­ chen ! The m aster suite includes a sitting room (5 bedroom s in alii, 
3' 2 baths. Separate quarters! To­ tal tivinq in a lovely environm ent. 
M O N -FRI O P E N T IL SP M 
5125,ooo. 
R E A L T O R S 
494 7/71 

M OM S DREAM 

4 bedroom, 2 both, island kit­ chen, trash compactor, range, dishwasher, garbage disposal, 
•fireplace, beautifully landscaped yard. Home is a showplace. Near 
Medical Center. $S6,ooo 
732-8111 

Lovely 3-2-2 on cul-de-sac with large beautiful lot. This home has m any extras. E le c tric g a ra g e door opener, turbo vents, nice entry way and more. 531,5oo. 
656-3441, nites, 656-8178. 
DON JOHNSON. R E A L T O R S 

Comfortable home and pool with over 2 acres in Shavano Park at mid *7o,ooo. Jim W agner 344-2341, 
828-246o 
BO B J O N E S, R E A L T O R S 
R E A L T O R S 
R E A L T O R S-B la n c o Rd. Otc 
NO DOWN lo anyone, new list of 
Government approved - financed homes.. 3*4 bedrooms. Som e ap­ pliances. First payment July. 
222 9616TER R A R E A L T Y 2 4 HRS 

L A R G E L IV IN G A R E A . N O 
D O W N ! Dishwasher, stove, c a r­ pet, p riv a c y fence, 3-2-2. N o payment July. 
733-9111 
B Gonzales 
6B3-1369 

BY O W N ER 
4 -2 'j-2, p riv a c y fence, new ly painted. Assume equity or nego hate new loan. *44,ooo, below ap- prolsol. 655-2557______________ 

V A L E N C IA 
Buy ar rent this 3 bedroom, 2 bath home, garden kitchen, 2 living a re a s , g a ra g e door ope ne r. 
Located near swim club. 824-o171 
L A R K S P U R - Beautiful 3-2-2, with 
2 fireplaces. $46,5oo. N o dow n payment 675-1691, 342-7435 
P O IN T E R R E A L E S T A T E 
B ig Sp a n ish 2 s to ry 4-2-2. a golfer s dream. Available today! 
You can rent now and buy latert 
This 3 bedroom, . 2 both home with a low equity is located in 
P A R K N O RTH - Close to shopping and schools. P riced at $32,5oo. 
Belter look at this one today! 
684-433!) 344-62o7 A n ytim e 

VA *26.5oo 
OR 
Assume present loan *183 per mo 
Please do not disturb occupants 
C A LLAH A N H O M E S INC. 
______ 656-4848 or 822-1216______ 
CH O IC E E A S T S ID E LO C A T IO N 
Completely remodeled, new ca r­ pet, 3 bedroom. M ust sell. no down payment. Owner to pay allowable 
Closing costs. 341 8134, 494-3229 
CLO SE TO FT S A M 
Freshly painted 2 bedroom, I bath home, roof paractiallv new. Quiet neighborhood. A must see 

Valencia- B y Ow ner. 4-2-2. 1938 sa.ft., form al living-dining, tam room with fireplace, 656-4622 after 
5pm. No agents, 73* VA. $51,5oo 

B E A C O N H ILL... Hom e p ius in* co m e ! 2 b e d ro o m h o m e w ith 
N IC E bath a n d kitchen... fire ­ place... h as large, separate apartment! 
M O N -F R I O P E N T IL 8 P M 
*29,9oo. 
R E A L T O R S 
494 7771 

F a m i l y 
Realty 

Lease or buy. Low equity. Lovely 
3-2-2, with den ond fire p la c e , drapes, covered patio and more 
$38,7oo. 656 3441, niles 656-8178 
DO N JOHNSON, R E A L T O R S 

Take your choice. Prof. decorated 
3-2-2 wild pool or a beautiful 4-2-2 on a quiet cul-de sac. W ill con­ sider leasing the 4-2-2. 
Better hurry! 

C h a rm in g co ttag e on lo v e ly street, living room with fireplace, separate dining, large kitchen with breakfast area 2-1. 732-1291, 

C A S T L E H IL L S 
3 bedroom s, large form al living, separate dining 3ox22 den, duct fireplace, beautiful oversized lot. 
A slk for Beth Tate 
341-9166 A N Y T IM E 

V A L L E Y F O R G E 
This 4 bdrm is in excellent condi­ tion inside and out. The yard is landscaped to perfection. Living, dining and separate fam ily room with FP. Walk to swim club. 
824-o171 

R E A L T O R S Bandera Rd. Ofc 
R GALT OR 
826- 8673 Anytime 
B v o w n e r, D e e r R u n , 3-2-1, privacy fence, carpet, appliances, 
$24,9oo. No agents please. 5715 
Swift Creek. 684-6816. 
________ 

B a r g a in h u n tin g ? We h a v e 7 homes to choose from: One 3-2-2 and a 4-2-2. Call today! 

S A L T IL L O T IL E , a co u rtyard and a fireplace...all features of a lovely home in Oak Glen Park! 2 huge bedrooms, 2 baths...living, dining room plus garden room ond glassed in porch! 
M O N -F R I O P E N T IL 8PM 
*69,5oo. 
R E A L T O R S 
824-9631 

Century 21 
LIV E OAK 
3-2-1. built-in kitchen, la rg e be­ drooms, separate carpeted living arid family rooms. Covered patio, extra nice home. Open terms. 

H O W A R D T A T E R E A L T O R S 
B y awner, Oellview area, deluxe condition, I owner, 3-1-1' ?, living room, dining area, hall, carpeted, bath, tile floor and wall, lo rg e fam ily room, 2 air units, range, refng. 342-o39o.___________________ 

Outstanding 4-2-2, priced to sell. 
Available immediately. 
Itm ann Townhouse type home. 
French gourm et kitchen, large hiving, dining and lib ra ry with 
Parquet floor. 3-2 plus loft. Could be 
4th bedroom. 
Must see! 
826-56oo 

R E A L T O R S 
4 B E D R O O M H O M E S 
K E N N Y O A K S 
New to market, 4-2-2 lovely 2 story surrounded by oak trees, separ­ ate living areas, pretty patio for entertaining, attractively decor­ ated low 5o’s. Don't m iss 

E x c lu s iv e C h a rte r O a k s . G o r ­ ge ou s 3 bedroom , lu x u ry hom e w ith a ho b b y ro o m o r o ffice . 
O P E N L IV IN G A R E A , fireplace, de ligh tfu l kitch e n w ith d o u b le oven, custom drapes. A ll in L IK E 
N E W C O N D IT IO N . 34 1-72o1. 
O L IV E B IZ Z E L L E 

W E E K 'S B E ST BU Y 
3-2-2 fomiiy home in Live Oak. 
Finest schools, churches and a hop. skip ond a jump to Ft. Sam or 
Randolph. Under 4o. 656-1234 
Century 21 
653-8131 Bill Perkins R lty 657-14 
NOW YOU S E E IT 
Soon you won t! Beautiful 3-2-2, well maintained, central air-heat, beamed ceilings, many other fea­ tures. 
Below 
*3o,ooo. 
Nites 
655-2688. 

Parkins Rlty657-1475 
B Y O W N E R - DelWiew. 2-1. Extra large lot with 17 large trees. 
349-2283____________________ 

Red brick 3 bedroom home in M ac 
Arthur Terrace. Beautiful bullt- ins and lovely fireplace in the 
25x13 tt fam ily room . F re sh ly painted and immaculate. Profes­ sionally landscaped yard. *51,5oo. 
344-8348 
G race A rnold 
R E A L T O R S M L S_______ 
C O N T E M P O R A R Y 
Stunning all black mail box. Ha* precision front op e nin g door. 
Complete with (aunty red flag. 
Located on b eau tifu lly la n d s ­ caped 8ox12o ft. lot in Valencia 
$44,5oo, Includes -l* brick 4-7-2 with many features. Call owner for appt. 655-4126.______________ 

Located in the H ills. B u y V A , 
F H A , Conventional or assu m e. 
Call right away. you'll want to buy this 3 bedrooms, 2 full baths, den. central heat-air, 2 car ga rag e . 
Call Ann 
ERA 
JACK MITCHELL 
S32-31o7 R e a lto r 
648-33o7 

SAN P E D R O H IL L S 
L u x u ry 3-2-2 M O D E L H O M E . 
Carpeted. L o ts of trees, co u r­ tyard. fanlastic floorplan. LOW 
P A Y M EN T S. 656-1234 

R EALTO R 
826-8673 Anytime 
F IR ST O F F E R IN G AH SC H O O LS 
Completely remodeled, 2 story in most desirable location, Entrance hail, separate Ivnng, dining room, lib r a r y , b re a k fa s t room , 4' i baths, and super go rge o u s kit­ chen. T h is is w hat e v e ry o n e wants. Please call us tor details 
824-3233, 826-oo49 

G L E N O A K S 
4-3-2, all brick home, separated b e d ro o m p la n , p riv a te lo v e ly ya rd , co ve re d patio, se p a ra te storage A terrific buy, under ap­ praised value of *48,5oo 

O A K H IL L S T E R R A C E 
Nestled on a hill side with a beau­ tiful view of Medical Center area. 
This 4-2-2 has one of the prettiest yards around. In perfect condi­ tion, it also boast a covered patio, split bedroom plan, low 4o's 

W H I+ E B R IC K hom e with 4 be- droom s, 2 baths...fireplace, w al­ nut paneling, terrazzo entry, and a long list of extras! 
M O N -FR I O P E N T IL 8 P M 
*53,461. 
R E A L T O R S 
658-7oo7 

D R E A M L A N D O A K S 
3 Bedroom, 4 bath, Saltillo tile and carpet, huge matter bedroom and bath, large gam e room, wet bar, attached utility building, la rge yard. Patio, m any trees V e ry p riv ate . 295o Sq. Ft. N E I S D . 
571,9oo. 
By appointment only, 
349-2oo7.___________ 
______ 

Century 21 
C H A R T E R O A K S BY O W N E R 
5-3-2 p lu s den a n d s tu d y p lu s m uch more, incl 69 trees! 696-7344 
H A P R E S E R 653-6182 Anytime 

Looking tor a b argain ? Lovely, 
3-1j4, carpeted, centre! air and heat, walk to three schools and 
Wmdosr Mall. Only *23,6oo. Large equity 655-53o7 

C H O IC E N E IG H B O R H O O D . Chil d re n can w a lk to s c h o o ls a n d m a n y other a c tiv itie s o ffe re d from this gracious Colonial in this m ost so u g h t a fte r a re a . 5 b e ­ droom s, 2’-? baths, fo rm a l area, fire p la c e d den. b e a u tifu l oak freed lot. Churchill Hi. 

SA N P E D R O H IL L S 
Owner transf. is reason this cus­ tom IOO",. rock home is now of­ fered. 4 large bedrooms, separate living and dining plus breakfast area Energy- sa vin g features, drapes, water softener and more 
Screened porch. 824-o171 

3 bedroom, 2 bath, carport, large den, living and dining com bina­ tion, large kitchen, beautiful yard. 
Just under *3o,ooo 
B Y O W N E R 
F O R E S T G L E N . 
3-2-2, *4 Stucco. Corner Trees. 
Privacy fence. *7,3oo equity FH A 
73< or $34,ooo. 681-1726_________ 

W H O P P E R T U N IT Y 
K no c ks at the front door of this large 4 bedroom, T i bath home in 
Camelot. F orm al living and din­ ing, fam ily room , and spaciou s master suite, oh electric kitchen. 
$43,5oo. Nites 655-9536. 
Century 21 
This charming home has it! Only 
6 years old, beautiful condition, 
3-2, large family room, attractive courtyard entrance. Great home for entertaining. Call for details 
822-33o1 

Lovely older home in historical 
Monte Visto. 14 tt ceilings, 2 fire places, in living room, I fireplace in dining room. Fully floored attic, portico! basement Lovely inter­ ior detail. 4-3. 826-56oo 

By Owner, 3-2-2, Fruit trees, cul- de sac Many other extras. The 
Summit. 69o-9699________ _ 

3-2-living and dining, built-in kit­ chen, covered patio, central heat and air. *31,9oo. VA, no down. 
494-5571 
N IT E S 349-8337 

W H IT E H E A D -H O L X ID A Y 
681-o3oo______________R E A L T O R S 
342-3111 
R E A L T O R S 
This immaculate 4-2-2, two story has split bedrooms, fireplaces in fam ily room, form al living ond dining lots of storage, beautifully landscaped and in N E. School district. *58,9oo. 494-7711, nites 
494 $829 
DON JOHNSON, R E A L T O R S 

R E A L T O R S 
B Y O W N E R 
H e rita g e F a rm . 
3-2-2, very reasonable. Fireplace, fomily room, landscaped, privacy fenced, cathedral ceiling, Rom an shades and other extras. Priced lo sell No agents. 674-o657 
Century 21 
C M. F U R R CO. 
Specializing in Northside H om es' 
733-7141 
344-1633 
Century 21 
Fireplace in the large single liv­ ing area, California kitchen over­ looks the scrum ptious b ackyard full of oaks. Just like new. Priced in the mid 4o’s. 
Century 21 
S chneider Really 
614-72oo 

B IG B A R G A IN 
4-2'j-2 on tree shaded quiet st, 3 fam ily areas, screened patio, can be greenhouse, over 25oo + . 
M A C R E A L E S T A T E 828-2521 
Big living room, 3 bdrm, close to bus, w asher hook up. *15,5oo. 
M A C R E A L E S T A T E 828-2521 

H A P R E S E R 653-6182 Anytim e 
C O L O N IA L H IL L S 
A B S O L U T E L Y IM M A C U L A T E ! 
All brick 3-2-2, beautifully carpet­ ed, draped. M a n y e xtras in c lu d ­ ing sprinklers, storage shed, auto garage openers. *41,9oo. 
R E A L T O R 
691-13oo 

W A K E F IE L D R E A L T O R S 
R E A L T O R 
826-8673 Anytime 
LOW E Q U IT Y 
C o n v e n ie n t to Ft. S a m a n d 
Randolph. 3 bedroom, 2 bath with a bonus room. Corner lot for boot or cam per parking. See to ap preciate. Call 824-o171 for appt. 

O FF N A C O G D O C H E S 
Fresh paint and perfect condition. 
T h is hom e h a s 3 b e d ro o m s, 2 baths, and a finished garage. The kitchen hen a pantry and built-in range and dishw asher and at one end a breakfast area that looks out on the p rivac y fenced yard. 
C a rp e t th ro u gh o u t. L o w F H A down Dovmnen! Call 822-58o8. 
E D G IL B E R T R E A L T O R S 

 i mortem 
[southwest realist 

F ir s t offe rin g. A ll b ric k 4 b e ­ droom home, paneled den, wood burning fireplace. G reat fam ily home and plenty space for out­ door living. For details, 655-933o, 
824-7334. 

N O R T H W O O D E S T A T E S 
Throughly charming brick home in N E School District. Spacious family room and built in kitchen, beautiful oversized lot with dog run, 3-2. 828-1962 

In Mission Trace, luxury garden home, 4-2-2, 245o sq.ft. 24 Hr. security. For appoint. 69o-8718, 
924-8371 
_______________ 

R E A L T O R S 
S E L L F H A VA 
4-2-2, den. form al livin g dining combination, kitchen with break­ fast area. P riv a c y fence, shade trees. Low 3o’s. N e a r Loop 41o. 
349-65o3, 654-6296 
Century 21 
C O R O N A D O 
V I L L A G E 'B v 
O wner. 4-2-2, 223o sq.ft., extras everywhere! *58,ooo. 658-86*o att 
Bv Owner- 1'i °o Loan, l 'z yr- s.old. 3 bedroom , 2 bath, dining room , la rg e fam ily room w ith fire p la c e . T o w n v ie w E sta te s. 
224-65S4 or 681-3385 

By owner, in Camelot, 3 bedroom, 
2 both, living room, large kitchen, family room *32,5oo. 653-36o1. 

R E A L T O R S 
E L A IN E L U D W IG A A S S O C 

OH San Pedro near Oblate. 3 be­ droom brick. $36,5oo. 
734-5434 C P.K O SU B 342-o343 

R EALT O R 
826 8673 Anytime 
FOR SA LE or R E N T 
Fox Run, 
4 2-2, 1992 sa. ft. fireplace, pool, covered polio, 6SS-2981 _________ 

By Owner, Live Oak. 3 yrs. 3-2 2, fam ily room, fireplace, extras. 
$36.5oo. Sm equity, 655-5549. 
B Y O W N E R , lovely s u m level 
3-2-2, fa m ily room , * L ‘ sh ap e d livin g- d in in g area, study. B a l­ co n y off m a ste r, o v e rlo o k in g lorge lot and wooded area. Con venient to schools, bases, M e d 
Center. B y appt, only 29o2 W acos 
684-3o39 

4 bedroom in perfect condition, 2 cor garage, over HOO sq. ft. of living area Priced to Sell. D a vid 
Pozzi 
R E A L T O R 
349-4195. 
344-5o62______________________ 

3-2-2 on P i acres north of Loop 
16o4 and N E IS D . I large living oreo with double rock fireplace, big country style kitchen, large co ve re d potio. By ow ner, no agents *49,9oo. 342-o363, 497-3687 

ST U N N IN G C O N T E M P O R A R Y 2 story white brick with lots of glass on w ell la n d sc a p e d lot 5 b e ­ drooms, 2Vj baths, bright kitchen and b re akfast area. L a rg e den with wet bar and double fireplace, separate d in in g room . A gam e room for the ch ild ren upstairs. 
Move in condition. Call 342-3211 
A N Y T IM E 

B Y O W N E R 
L o v e ly I ow ner home Neor North Star M all. 3 bedrooms, 2 baths, central air. 
8 76-444 7 Atter SPM _____________ 

L a r g e 3 b e droo m hom e w ith separate living, dining and famity room Big yard with m any trees 
545,5oo. 
- 653-435o 

B R A U N ST A T IO N 
Th is 3-2-2 R a n c h style hom e is s u rro u n d e d bv o ak trees, h a s large single living area with stone fire p lac e , p re tty kitch e n w ith window to front, all carpeted, low equity 

2 G O O D BU YS 
3 Bedroom s 
$57,2oo 
4 Bedroom s 
566,ooo 
' Call For Details 

F IR S T O F F E R IN G 
A ssu m e good 7 3« lo a n on th is c h a rm in g , 3 b e d ro o m . 2 bath hom e, h ig h v a u lte d c e ilin g s , corner fireplace in livin g area, garden kitchen. 
826-o6o6 
R E A L T O R S 
824-6683 
S U E W E E M S A A SSO C . 

C O U N T R Y F E E L I N G ! 5 be d room (or 4 plus lib r a ry ), 2 '» bath hom e h a s doub le g a r a g e w ith a ir w o rk sh o p ! C h u r c h ill 
High! immediate p ossession! 
T re e s' 
M O N -FRI O P E N T IL 8P M 
*79,9oo. 
R E A L T O R S 
653-7341 

 for shopping and military bases. 
Low payments, on this 3 bedroom, 
I bath, I car garage Central air and heat, range garbage disposal, chain linked fence, priced af 
*21,5oo. 
658-3535 Anytime 

B Y O W NER, MacArthur Terrace, 
3-2-2. ranch style, fireplace, cus­ tom drapes, fully carpeted, cen­ tral air, 4 blks. school, shopping, church Fenced, 547,5oo. 653-28o9 

C O U N T R Y L IV IN G 
At its best. 1.9 acres, trees galore. 
Spacious 4-3-2, heated and a ir conditioned kennels for dogs and horses. Cyclone fencing around property. 824-o171 
Realtor 
655-3584 Anytime 
Century 21 
W H IT E H E A D -H O tL ID A Y 

*38,9oo 
4-2, playroom , den, built-ins, over 
19oo sq.ft. liv in g area. Carpet, cent air-heat, drapes, form al liv­ ing and dining. Neor U T SA -U SA A . 
696-3918 By Appointment 

Bv owner, 3-1' 
I neat, clean, cent h e at-air, fenced, sto ra g e , 
MacArthur. *22,4oo or equity and 
*168 1o81o Wayward, 653-9588. 

L O W E S T P R IC E D 4 B D R M in N o rth e rn H ills at *41,9oo. 
Split-bedroom Pion, fully carpet­ ed. Great home for the grow ing fam ily. Attention Veterans: this hom e can be sold VA. L o v e ly home at an affordable price. Call for a private showing. 824-o171 

R E A L T O R S 

B Y O W N E R , N E IS D . 3 2-2, Old 
F a rm ii, sp a cio u s livin g area. 
Perter:! for bionts Fully carpeted. 
See to appreciate A ssu m e or conventional, *39.5oo. 654-6153 

R E A L T O R S Randolph Ofc 
G R A C IO U S living m' Early Cen- fury home. Now used as duplex. 
Historical area, zoned O I. 

R E A L T O R S 
5815 Woodgreen. No qualifying, pay equity and assum e $236. 4-2-2, carpeted, ve ry neat. H E L E N 
S T A N G E L R E A L T Y 661-4187 nites 661-3173 

COUNT YOUR SA V IN G S on th.s 
2-story 4 bedroom, 2 both, double garage, top condition with lots of shade, wolk to Elem school and near shopping. 654-6555 

B Y O W N E R , T h is Ho y r old landscaped, carpeted 3-2-2, fea­ tures a dining room with full m ir­ rored wall, paneled fam ily rm - fireplace, breakfast bay, B O N U S 
R M , rose gardens, sm oke alarm , roof turb ines. Fenced. A ssu m e 
*339 mo. or refinance 684-3147 

C O U N T R Y F R E S H 
Spanish home handsom ely decor­ ated with wrought iron, 2ooo sa. ti. on over one acre. To see coll 
349-1479 
Hector J. Harbeck inc.. Realtors 

But lovely. 4-2-2 in San Antonio 
Country Club area. Spacious. Was duptex-could be re con ve rte d . 
*34,5oo 
Erie 
Nagel 
696-533o, 
696-2/12. 

In this spotless 4-2-2 with 36x18 
Gory Pool, with diving board and slide. The 52x12 patio has a gas b-b-q. Woter soffner, drapes and all a p p lia n c e s stay. H a n d y to 
W indsor P a rk M a ll, R a n d o lp h , and Ft Sam Too many extras lo list. 
$47,9oo. 
494-7711, nites 
653-3888. 
DO N JO H N SO N , R E A L T O R S 

B Y O W N E R . 3-1-1, N E Schools, covered patio, end of cul-de-sac 
Lots of trees. Extra lorge fenced bock yard. Terms open 342-6723. 

6oo1 Rue Sophie. Im m acu late, w hite b ric k and fra m e , 3-2-2, 
S p a n ish c o u rt y a r d en try, sp a c io u s c o rn e r lot, se clu d e d yard , sh a d y patio, cu stom kit­ chen, m any extras. Priced below appraisal to m ove this weekend. 
545,7oo. 681-1664__________________ 

G R E A T IN V E S T M E N T 
P R O P E R T Y 
3-2-1, formal living room and den, storage shed, nice-size yard . 
$29,ooo. 824-o171 

R E A L T O R S 
C e n t u r y 
2 1 
W AYN E FO GUS R E A L T Y 
3-2-2, Carpeted, central air-heat, low eauity, m ake offer. Call after 
SPM, 333-3757.________ 
________ 
B Y 
O W N E R , 
N O R T H E R N 
H IL LS , 3-2-2, Fireplace, Assum e 
7% or 
Refinance 
Conv. 
Call 
654-o175. 
B f O W N ER N O R T H E R N H IL L S 
3-2*2, all brick, Iv-dn, den, fire­ place, utility room, patio cover, fence. Low 4o’s. 656-2352 
By Owner-Nortbwood Brack 3 2-2, ass or conv. 924-5617, 826-1832 aft 
7PM 

Beautiful NEW custom-built 3 be­ droom, 2 bath home, nestled in the trees on a IV* acre lot in T r o t ­ wood. Boerne schools, but Sa n 
A n to n io telephon e e x c h a n g e . 
M any, many extras. Fo r details and viewing, call 
342-4115 
A N Y T IM E 

O w ner war con sid er c a rry in g a se co n d lein on this 3 b e d ro o m home with central heat and air, refrigerates dishw asher, range 
Only *23,5oo. Niles, 225-21o9, 
349-4343 Anytim e 

T he p e rfe ct lo catio n , ju st off 
B a n d e ra . L o v e ly 4 b e d ro o m , brick home, with all the fine fea­ tures expected in a custom built home. *58,9oo 344-8348 
Grace Arnold 
R E A L T O R S M L S 
B R A U N S T A T IO N W E ST .. C o n ­ tem porary hom e has 3 loge be­ droom s, tv* baths! Livin g room plus fomily room with fireplace. 
24 H R T E L E P H O N E S E R V IC E 
$46,2oo. 
R E A L T O R S 
681-29oo 

A la m o 
H gts. 
S c h o o l 
D i s h 
4-bedroom , 3-bath, den, dining, living room with fireplace, central air-heat, patio, screened porch, large store room, 
828-1o21, 
824 85o6__________________________ 

Sparkling, well kept, heat, air, range, shady fenced lot. w alk to 
MacArthur High. Calf now. 
732-7987STE VE M A R TIN 735-o825 
D o c to r's House. T re e s! 3 be­ droom , 2 bath, stu d y. A ll ap- pliqnces built-in. *39,5oo. 656-o522 

B Y O W N E R - U n iv e rsity O a ks, 
3-2-2, large living area, fp, utility room , extended patio, p riv a c y fence, drapes, 696-78o6 
______ 

 for a place in Camelot I? Nice 3 b e d ro o m , 2 b a th h o m e w ith country kitchen. New point inside, near school, mall and Churches. 
*32,9oo. 
653-435o 

R E A L T O R S 

S W IM in Coronado Village. This luxury brick 4-2-2 in U C. has a pool, patio, fire p lace , den, a p ­ pliances, w all to w all, fin ish e d garage, corner lot. Nothing down it your incom e e xce e d s 52o,ooo annually. P aym ents *45o month. 
Bob 
Thom pson 
341-7693 
IN T E R S T A T E .___________________ 

Swim in your own pool. Conven­ ient to R andolph, L o v e ly 4-2-2, family room, fireplace, heat-air, appliances, large corner lot. No down payment to anyone. $48,5oo total, paym ents less thon rent! 
B O B D e P A O LO 
344-3o91_______________ R E A L T O R 

B Y O W N E R -U N IV E R 5 IT Y O A K S 
3-2-2, cul-de-sac, large wooded lot, p r iv a c y fenced, w ooden patio cover, fireplace, softener, carpet­ ing, m a n y e xtras. *44,95o. N O 
A G E N T S . 69o-8391 
_____ 

 w ith th is f r e s h ly p a in te d im ­ m a c u la te b r ic k h o m e 
In 
M acArthur Terrace. 3 bedroom s pius dressin g room. Lovely fire­ place, many extras. 
*51,5oo. 
344-8348 
G ra ce A rnold 
R E A L T O R S M L S ________ 
H A N D Y M A N S D E L IG H T 
This recently fitted 3 bedroom hon-e will challenge your m ain tenance skills. A ssu m e o r new conventional loan only F o r de­ tails, ask tor R ay 655-9656 

O lym pia. 83o6 Hero. 3-2-2, den, fireplace, living-din ing, extras. 
LOW equity. 659-1426, 652 5794 

REALT O RS-Blanco Rd. Ofc 
Bv owner, Northstor M a ll areo, 
3-2’ i-2, 2 story, pool and patio. 
*49,5oo firm 494-1o69 for appt 

Decorators' 3-2-2, S a ltillo , 2ox42 heated pool, oaks. In C h u rc h ill 
Oist. 342-65o8. $69,5oo. 
________ 
JU ST L IS T E D — and won t lait! 
Rock and cedar 4 bedroom home, in N.E.l S D. Close to shopping. 
Beautiful yard U n d e r $3o,ooo. 
Low equity and low paym ents. 

R EA LTO R S-W olze m Otc 
E. Terrell Hills, 3-fVj plush den, real nice, only *24,5oo 
828 o665 
736-1766 
734-4117 
W A TSO N & SON R E A L T O R S 

D E E R 
R U N . 
4-2-1 
M A N Y 
E X T R A S ! 526,5oo. 681-o815. 
D O N 'T Buy unfit' you see this $ bedroom, 2' i bath, double garage custom designed home! Well over 
2ooo sq.ft. for formal entertaining ond also cozy fam ily com fort. 
Located in north c e n tra l b e st area. 681 o66o. 

L o v e ly 3 b e d ro o m h o m e w ith cou ntry kitchen. C lose to e v e r­ ything, including N E. schools. 
$43,9oo. 
349-1436 Anytime 

See this iovelv 3 bedroom town­ h o u se to a p p re c ia te the open sp a ce , g re e n h o u se , a n d quiet neighborhood. Call NOW (or an app t. The price is right! 69o-95o2. 

Old Farm ti. Large family room with fire p lace 
F o rm a l liv in g room, carpet, fenced, covered patio, central air. 73*V-A. Eauity. 
6 5 5 - 8 o 9 o . ___________________ 
828-6391 A nytim e 
3-2-2, Austin Stone, 27oo sa. tt. in 
Sh a w an o P a r k on 3 a c re s . 
Owner s anxious. O nly *82,5oo. 
494 5281 
494-2o43 
H IL L C O U N T R Y R E A L T O R S 
4 A C R E S . F o rk lik e 4-3-2, Q lrs. 
Shop, gam e room, m any extras. 
Horse trails adjacent. Excellent for children and relatives. N ear 
41o-Vance Ja c kso n . N E I S D. 
M ust see to appreciate. 344-655o 

Lovely custom home on beautiful oak treed lot; every lu x u ry fea­ ture including large heated pool, sprinkler system, 4-3-2. B24-4S7! 
INC, R E A L T O R S 
Realtors-NE Loop ofc 
B u m p into this 4 bed room and y o u ’ll be stu c k on the clean, cheery atm osphere. New central heat, large clean backyard, cozy living. 7°o assumption. 
S A N D IS O N R E A L T Y 
699-92o1 

Son Pedro Hill*, 22o8 sq.ft. 2-stbry power sover home. I Y r old, 4 large bedrooms, 2' j baths, 2 car g a r a g e , fire p la c e in p a n e le d fam ily room, cooks’ dream kit­ chen, privacy fence, large shade trees. Mid 6os. Call 494-1158 for appointment___________________ 
B Y O W N ER- Son Pedro Hills. N E schools Large 5 bedrooms. 242o sa.It. livin g area. A ssu m p tio n 
*55,9oo. 494-1433 
_ 

O P E N 
S A T U R D A Y 
A N D 
S U N D A Y 
E L D O R AD O B Y O W N E R 
511o R IS A D A 653-5556 
4-2-2, 1945 sq.ft. plus paneled g a r­ age, living room , d ining room , breakfast area, fam ily room with fireplace, utility room , te rra zo entry, porch and patio, a c r o s s fro m take, la r g e tre e s, n ic e landscaping. Open terms. *5o,2oo. 

Century 21 
D E L A N E Y R E A L T Y *53-o55o 
Landmark Realtors 
*675 C A SH is all it takes to get into this beautiful $45,ooo home. C a r­ pet, appliances and F IR E P L A C E . 
Call now! 
Fortuna Associates, 696-1412 
C A S T L E H IL L S 
B y Owner, No down paym ent to 
Vet. Beautiful stone 3-2-2, large den, fireplace, prospective buyer can choose colors for new carpet. 
M ust sell. 494-3229, 341-8134. 

Bring your paint brush, no down to anyone, 3-4 bedrooms, 2 baths, some with air and all appliances, paym ents less than rent 
B O B D e P A O LO 
344-3o91_________ 
R E A L T O R 

C ontem porary lu x u ry in th is 3 bedroom, 3 bath home, open floor plan, tremendous corner location. 

D E L A N E Y 

The cost is down and the ow ner is out. Left his 4 bedroom in the right shape to move in. 2 baths, large yard, central heat-air, m o d e rn kitchen. 2o's. 
S A N D ISO N R E A L T Y 
699-92o1 

Aliena Village. 3-t, carpet, w ork­ shop Quiet W alk to shopping and bus. 341-6729 

Living in a well built 2-story home, with cathedral ceilings, an excel­ lent floor plan, form al living and d ining, ’ 2 blk from M a c A rt h u r and swim club, wolk to elem en­ tary schools and shopping. 3-2’ z-2, 
$44.ooo. 828-2356, owner-aqent. 

Vacant • 4 bedroom • I living area 
- fireplace - alm ost new ■ corner lot - fenced 
N O R T H E A S T SC H O O LS 
Easy assumption • low eauity • 8% loan 
69o-936o 
342-4286 
C L IN T W E IL B A C H E R 

New to market. All brick, sapor- ate liv in g , d in in g , den a n d covered patio. P riv a c y fenced, priced under *4o,ooo 

822-1154 
Since 1945 
822-1532 
T E R R E L L H ILL S ...Large, treed lot! 3 bedroom, 2 bath hom e has living, d in in g ro o m s a n d pine paneled fam ily room ! 
Fresh paint! 
24 HR T E L E P H O N E S E R V IC E 
$37,5oo. 
R E A L T O R S 
824-9631 

A N E W L IS T IN G ! J u st *375o down, total price $44,ooo. In John 
M arshall Meadows. 3-2-2. 
684-4211, P IO N E E R R E A L T Y 
A N T IQ U E B R | £ k C O L O N IA L home has 4 large bedroom s plus study... 2 baths! Fireplace, sprin­ kle r system , built-in kitchen... form a! and fam ily ro o m s! A p ­ prox. 1 acre in S H A V A N O P A R K 
24 HR T E L E P H O N E S E R V IC E 
*72,5oo. 
R E A L T O R S 
494-7771 

This F U L L Y C A R P E T E D 3 be­ droom, 2 bath home in Live Oak. 
A S S U M E LOW E Q U IT Y and *259 monthly or refinance, *29,9oo. 
828-6343, nites 656-ooo7 
Cornelius 8 Associates 

Century 2) is y o u rs in fab ulous T h o u sa n d 
O aks! These spacious 3 and 4 be­ droom beauties com bin e glass, stone, and cedar to create hom es of lasting value. See them now before they ore all sold! 69o-95o2. I 

Lovely home on wooded lot. 4 ae- droom, 2 bath, double carport, 2 sto ry , 2ooo sq.ft. B y O w n e r 
*52,ooo. 341-1245 

Schneider Realty 

B U Y M E - I'm all brick. 3-2-1 on Lovely Colonial 6 bedroom heme corner lot. Carpeted, draped and on very large double lot. Huge den all appliances. Lee High school, with fireplace. A Kitchen every 
For *5,9oo equity. i m other d re a m s of. Convenient, 
G A S E -B A K E R R E A L T Y CO. 
I com fort, beauty and location. 
69o 899o E ve s 696-88o5, 342-7712 1 *125,ooo 344-8348 

 large lot-trees. Info: Dr Harris, day 221-5746, nile 494-1423.______ 
Spacious 3 bedroom, 2 bath, g a r­ age, playroom , central air-heat, with gard e n re ad y to h arve st. 
M any extras. S26.ooo VA. 
R O U G H R ID E R R E A L T Y 
___________ 654-7)31 

By owner, San Pedro Hills model home, 3-2-2, corner tot, Ig trees, paneled den, fireplace, breakfast boy, sea utility, p n v fenced, gre e n h o u se , m an y e x tra s. 
*47.5oo, 494-32o5 oft 5 no agents. 

E A S Y TO BU Y- E A S Y TO L IV E 
W IT H . Perfect condition. 3 be dreams, living room, dining room, den and large covered patio. Area pool and te n n is cou rt. U n d e r 
*4o,ooo. Call 494-7*51 A N Y T IM E 

D R E A M H O U SE ' 
83o7 B R O O K L IN E immaculate 3-2-2 with form al liv­ ing room, form al dining, fam ity den, kitchen with breakfast area, beautiful yard, p riv a c y fence, covered patio and more! Only a few m inutes fro m a n y w h e re ! 
R E A L T O R , 494-1951 

T E R R E L L H IL L S 
Wouldn't you rather live closer to town in a lo v e ly e s ta b lis h e d neighborhood3 See this gracious 3 bdrm, 3 bath hom e with a m an­ sized backyard. *45,ooo. 824-o171, 
Nile* 655-8421 
Grace Arnold 
R E A L T O R S M L S 

Beautiful 2 story home, com plete­ ly redecorated inside and out, all large rooms, cedar closets, fire­ place, b u rg la r g u a rd s, doub le garage, m a id 's room. R e ad y to m ove in! $47,5oo. Owner will fin­ ance Shown bv app'). 822-1423. 

Landmark Realtors 

Custom built 3-2-2, rock home on large lot, loft gam e room, opens to w ood d e c k o v r io o k in g la r g e ranch Energy package, top line appliances, wood b u rn in g fire ­ place. I ',<*% assum ption available. 
No city foxes, m any more extras. 
494-16o1 494-3o12 

A P R IC E R E D U C T IO N 
*19,95o. 3 bedroom, I bath, with refrig, dishw ash er, ra n g e Coli now! King Arthur Real Estate. 
656-6493._________________________ 

F R E E Referrals to other hom es 
"F o r Sale By Ow ner’1 342-9391 
Son Antonio H om eowners Broker 
B Y O W N E R - Sierra North. *3,ooo 
Eauity, take over prats of $216 mo 
3-2-1. Central heat- air. P riv a c y fence. Walk to E l Dorado schools. 
Call 655-4575_____________________ 

By Owner, A d a m s Hill, 2 Story 
4-2' ?-2, dining room, living room, fam ily room with fireplace, eat in kitchen, central air-heat, covered patio, m a n y extras. 2,ooo sq.ft. 
A ssum e 74« V A loan pius equity, no agents. 673-6942_______ ________ 
By owner) 3-2-2, Babcock North, 2 living and dining areas, carpeted, coy patio, nice fenced yard, eaui­ ty *65oo, $256 mo or re fin an ce 
*3o,65o *96-519) 
B y o w n e r, 3 b d rm , 2 bath, air-heat, carpet, fenced, built-ins, no city taxes. *28,5oo. C o n ve n ­ tional or assum e *212. per mo. 
684-6o5o. 
__________________ 
B Y O W N E R . B e a u tifu l 3 b e ­ droom , 2 bath, living room ond paneled den. Assum e *177 month­ ly paym ent + equity or purchase for only 
$34,5oo. 
7126 
Oesilu. 
684-29o7. 
_________________ 

B Y O W N E R - 3-1-1, central air- heat, newly painted. N E schools. 
Conv, or VA. 344-o428 
By Owner, Deer Run, 3-1-1, Cute on d C ozy, on quiet cu l-d e-sac 
Large lot, 
*23,5oo. 
681-2766, I 
344-2139. 
_________ 
U R E A . ) 
J 

M O R E 
T H A N 
YO U 
W O U L D 
E X P E C T 
You m ay have passed by this one a n d re a liz e d that th is o n e is sp ecial, la rg e 4-2-2, fire p lace , sprinkler system, dog run, 34x16 heated pool, and beautiful F la g stone floored sun room. Located in M a c A rthur T e rrac e and ap­ praised Conventional at *55,ooo 

Century 21 
CU D O Y -G L A SC O C K 

2 Acres with ISO oak trees, horse stalls, and a beautiful rock home. 
Large fam ily room with fireplace. 
Entertain on the over-sized patio. 
Call now. Owner anxious. 
Century 21 
S chneider Realty________696 72oo 
B A B C O C K N O R T H 
Luxury townhome, 2 bedroom, 2’ z baths, plush carpeting, balcony and m ore. N o dow n p a y m e n t required. M id 2o’s. 
B R IG H A M R E A L T Y 673-14o1 
B A B C O C K N O R T H - "2 la rg e bedroom s, 2 'z baths. Carpeted, all appliances, no down, 527o mo. 
Call before 
Tues. 
675-1691, 
674-1777. 
P O IN T E R R E A L E S T A T E 

P A T IO P A R T IE S ' Hold them on this 39x15 covered patio! All brick hom e has 3 bed room s, 2 b a lh s- 
...llvtng, fomily room s! 
M O N -FR I O P E N T IL S P M 
*34,5oo. 
R E A L T O R S 
494-777! 

R E A L T O R S 

T H O U S A N D O A K S . 3-2Vi, large game room. 22oo sq.ft. 
*63,9oo. 494-7418, if no answer 
494-3981 

B y O w n e r. S P A C IO U S A N O 
S P A R K L IN G 3-2-2. All amenities. 
Wulfc to p re fe rre d N E School. 
M any, m any extras. Low $4o's 
653-9319 
______________________ 

6o23 W interhaven in W indcrest. 
This charm er has 5 bedroom s, or 
4 bedroom s plus study with m any extra features. *87,5oo. 
824-2385 JO HN M A T H IS 653-7ooo 

3-2 plus den. l o w interest rate. 
Excellent location. Open Sunday, 
M a y IS, 2-5. 
M C D O N A L D R E A L T Y 
_______ 342-3274 or 822-1737 
Century 21 
TM I C H A R M E R 
High ceilings, dark stained hard­ wood floors, firep lace in livin g room, beautiful kitchen, m ony, many built-ins. T h i* is what ever­ yone wants so you better hurry. 
824 3233, 822-5973 

W H IT E H E A D -H O L ID A Y 
3417115______________R E A L T O R S 
M O T IV A T E D S E L L E R ! 
3 bedroom s, 2 baths, form al liv­ ing, dining and fam ily room, dbl car garage and cov’d patio. This can be yours for only *36,5oo. 
824-o171 

Spacious 4-2-2 nestled am ong 7o trees on hillside cul-de-sac, 2 liv­ ing areas, huge stone fireplace, intercom , m any built ins. Prestige area. *55,9oo. 658 4o86. 
B y owner, 2-story, 4 bedroom s, 2 I baths form al liv in g a n d d in in g room den, fenced N E schools, I 
$ J 3,975. 828-2656 utter 6pm._______ 

828-6391 A nytim e 
Im m a c u la te 3-1-1, fre s h a s a daisy. Spacious open living area, m any decorator features, m a n ­ icured lown. N ortheast schools, walk to shopping centers. A ssum e 
*17o month or refinance VA, P H A or Conv, at $23,5oo 
824-2385 
Sully W eir 
656-4o63 
S E IT Z & ASSOC , R E A L T O R S 

Im m acu late 3*2-2 with covered patio, privacy fence ond finished garage. 4146 Barrington. Village 
North, off Perrin Beitel 653-343! 

EA ST T E R R E L L H IL L S 
Delightfully decorated 3 bedroom home in quiet neighborhood. Bon­ us room that could be a den or other bedroom. Nice yard. Ail tor 
*21,75o. 826-6383, 655-7355. 

Realtors-NE Loop ofc 

To settle estate, N E , 3-2-2, storm windows, F P , IC system , I blk pool, clubhouse. 656-2281._________ 
4 bedroom, 2' i bath, large fam ily room with fireplace, on Fabulous 
In 
Harm ony 
Hill. 
R E A L T O R . 
494-1951 
REO CARPET 
R E A L T O R S 
No down payment to anyone, 3 or 
4 bedroom s, 2 baths, som e with air and all appliances. Paym ents less than rent 
SO B D e P A O LO 
344-3o91________ 
R E A L T O R 

 fO» THI f A S K ST SISU L!* 
ON A WANT AD 
THI NUMB! e TO CALL 
IS 225-1666 
EXPBLSS AND N IW 5 

THI ACTION NUMBf R roe f a st et s u it s pla c e ro u e w a n t a d 
IN THE EXPRESS NEWS 
C A LI 2 7 5 -1 6 6 6 

PLACE YOUR W ANT AD 
IN THI EXPRESS-NEW * 
C A H 225-1666 
Century 21 
C liD Q Y -G L A S C O C K 

17683434 

^ 

Patterns and Needlework 

TO ORDER 

A L L O W FIVE T O S IX 
W E E K S FOR D E L IV E R Y 

4 
* 
4 
* 
£ 
I 
J L 
AA immM O O O 
Q UICK RESULTS! 

NON COMMERCIAL! 
CANCELLABLE 
W ITHOUT 
RATE CHANGE 
LINES 
DAYS 
TBXAS SI1ISAVINGS 

Son Antonio EXPRESS-NEW S— ^Saturday May I 4 I 977 
* 

! m . FIX-UP! 

 large 3 bedroom, redecorated inside 
Needs some esterior work bv o handy mon Covered patio, tented yard Good boy at only SIS 5oo 681 3222 Bites, 
344-2437 

*1,715 EQUITY! 

3-2, townhouse with a huge 
19x12 master bedroom 
Heat and air, built in kitchen Assume 
$245 monthly payments 681- 
3222, nites 828 1768 
REALTY WORLD 
Bill Southern 

B E A U T IF U L L A K E S ID E 

Som«*T»mq 
•p e d al! 
3 

 bedroom *, 
I decorator 

 battu, format living or dining room ply* tpotlevi den, with large fireplace, appliances 

 privacy fence. Call ta te e tf»i» carpeted beauty. Convenient to Bally and lackland. Nites 
826-7668 

L O W L O W E Q U IT Y 
Immaculate and spacious 

 describes Mils 4-3-3 beauty 
In lakeside, low equity end assum e 
$324 monthly 

 paym ents. 
This won’t last 

 long. K ites 6 5 4 -4 7 8 1 . 

DAY OO nom 
6 5 5 - 6 8 4 8 

 u s H o m e 
S A N JO SE M IS S IO N 
Im m acu late J bedroom , I both 
M a n y e xtras! P ric e d lo S E I. L l 
M id la s. 
*84 o753 
*53o B A N D E R A 
M A R T IN E Z R E A L T O R S ___ 
HORSES O K A Y 
QUALITY BUY 
This spacious 3 b*dcoom, 2 both home rn Adorns Hill will go las! 
Completely equipped kitchen. 
Finished garage and privacy fen­ ce Assume low interest VA loan 

LOW EQUITY 

 lovely 3 bedroom home with carpeting, range, lelrig, fenced yard located in an oreo with easy access to bases, ex pressway ond schools low mon thly payments. 

FOR DETAILS AND VlfWING 
(A ll 673-5o83 ANYTIMl 
WORLD WIDE REALTY 

OF CENTRAL TEXAS 
BUY N O W 
BEFORE PRICES 
G O UP 
$1 M OVE IN VA 

5 % DOWN CONVENTIONAL 

3 o n d 4 bedroom plans 

[$ *3 7,5oo .to.. $ 4 4 ,9 5 o ^ 
A ll hom es feature energy saving p ackage, central heat-air, carpet cmd handcrafted w oodbin rung fireplaces, deluxe M a g ic 
C hef oil electric kitchen, and 2 car garage. 

6 FURNISHED MODELS 
OPEN DAILY 9-9 
TW IN CHECK 
6 8 i - m i 

I I M IL E S N O R T H O U T S A N P E D R O 
READY TO M O V E INTO 

3 -2 2 plus huge utility room plus fireplaces, brick, tiled entry w ay, formal dining room , w alk in closet in master bedroom , vaulted ceilings in fam ily room , built to sell on a lm ost on acre, a bargain at on ly $ 5 4 ,5 o o . 

3 -2 -2 Rock, custom built hom e, ’ J acce of land, finished p aneled garage, covered patio, fireplace and a view for miles, ideal for couple or sm all fam ily. $ 4 5 , 5 o o 

U N D E R C O N S T R U C T IO N P IC K Y O U R C O L O R S 
3-2 2 plus fireplace, brick, sunken tub in m aster both, formal d ining room, situated on 1.3 acres with plenty of trees a n d a nice view 

U N D E R C O N S T R U C T IO N — 3 2 2 plus 2 I 8 6 acres), 
'5 o * 2 5 o lot, has fireplace, fam ily room , dining cmd liv ina room plus 3 nice sire bed room s, ready to m ove into in 2 w eeks 

W e a lso have several choice country size building sites 
For information or appointm ent call 
JIM HARDIN REAL ESTATE 
RE A LT O RS 
4 9 7 -3 5 3 o , nites 1o-885-44o6 

FtEALTY W O R LD 

HOLLYWOOD PARK 
26oo sq. ft., 8 months old, priced below m ark­ et, older owner very anxious. A touch of Con­ temporary in energy ef­ ficient. 
4 bedroom, 3 baths, m ofher-in lows suite, 2 patios, Vt acre lot, covered with oaks. 
M any extras. 
494-16o1 
494-3o12 
REALTY WORLD 
COMPASS REALTY 

131 Y U C C A Reduced tor quick sale. 3 bedroom, 513,SOO 
924 *525 
H A S K IN S R E A L T Y 
All brick home in Col­ onies 
North. 
Large covered patio. 
3 bedroom with fire­ place in fam ily room. 

349-3535 
349-5111 

Precious 3 bedroom, 2 bath, coun­ try kitchen, lovely new corpet, trash compactor ond large cover­ ed patio All for 

INDIAN CREEK BEAUTY! 
Priced well below market value, this extremely nice 3 bedroom, home is in MINT CONDITION! 
Designed tor family living, the double fireplace a conversation orea from the T V oreo in the ex­ tra-huge family room OR sit outside in the evenings on the large covered polio. Offered ot 
$24,15o 
IACKIAND KELLY-LOW EQUITY 
Only S23oo equity buys this 3 bedroom house with monthly payments of only $1731 located 
In the Indian (reek orea, this home is in excellent condition ond mony extras including the roomy breakfast oreo and fenced yard 
NAYLOR REALTY 
GALLERY OF HOMES 
691 1121 341-9191 656-552o 

, m o r i o n 
« o u t h w f * * t 

 r e a l t y 

D IA N I* 
OWENS CO. 
W AHOOS— AALS 

 lockhill'Selm a Oft. 

349-5111 or 349-3535 

DEANIE 
£ 5 N OWENS CO. j j j j g i 
REALTORS—-M U 

?W b STORY 
Custom built overlooking the city, 
4 bedrooms, 2 both, living dining rombinotton. fomily room with brick fireplote Shog corpet, cen trot heot ond nice Too mony features to mention. Call today 
DELLCREST 
Brick 3 bedrooms, 2 baths, 2 car garage, spacious living-dining combination, loran kitchen with built in oven ana range. Carpet, covered patio fenced yard, already appraised 
5 3 2 - 5 2 4 5 nites 3 3 3 -9 o 9 9 

 r n a m 
. 
REALTORS— MIS 

2 
B 
Z 
I 
SI. Office 

FOREST OAKS-REDUCED 
Brick home with fireplace! 4 large bedrooms, J decorator bathrooms, huge combination dining, living room, large fomily room, breakfast area and bor Cathedral ceilings. 
MUCHO Saltillo tile! Double garage, fenced, patio, trees. LOW 4o s! VETS 
NOTHING DOWN 

U N D E R 
A P P R A I S A L 
O n ly 
*18,1oo for N IC E 3 bedroom home 
A L L 
N E W 
C A R P E T 
T H R O U G H O U T P U n ty one block from P O O L! Wbar Lackland K e l­ ly. 
VA-FSW l 
828-o343. nile* 
341 OOI* jMarshall 
Meadows 

 o n l y n a u t 
• New Brisk Horn*, on Ber­ ea g . 
■ • Breathtaking Views 
' • W ooded Sites far M I YAC V 
• 4 Choke North Communities' 
(Including New Braunfels) 
• low Taxes Make easy Put-, chase Terms 
< 
• 17oo Sa. ft. living - 7 Cur 
Garaga$37,SOO 
• 2 *8 o Sa. Ft. Living - 2 Car 
G aroge $49,75o. 
1 Scorch The Home Market Over, 
THIN Call U S U — (-------- 
Swtnney Co. 
IftltiD 
492-1672 ,■ 
UU 7 ‘ 
658-o298 , 
W 
673-14o11 

SHENANDOAH 
New on Market! 

IN 
SHENANDOAH 
A 
SPLIT 
BEDROOM 3-2-2. fully caipeted, lovely custom drapes. $34,5oo. 
SHENANDOAH WALK TO ELEM. from this 3 bedroom dollhouse. 
Carpets ond drapes. Central heat ond air. $24,9oo. 

SHENANDOAH, 4 bedroom, 2 bath home in immaculate condition. 
Draped ond carpeted. A must see at 
$4o,5oo. 
691-13oo 
REALTORS 
CENTURY 21 

ELAINE LUDWIG & ASSOC. 

BOB MCGINNIS 
L REALTORS 
. 349-6211 

S E R G E A N T ’! S P E C IA L 
Cute 2-story, 3 bedroom , 2 bath home ha* 13oo aq. ft. with central heat-air. T h)* G atew ay Terrace home m ay be purchased with no dow n V A and paym ent* of $233 
Call now 341 4484. 

ROOM TO ROAM 
4 bedrooms, 
2 baths, single garage plus detached garage with large workshop. The kids ton roam in the extra large yard, perfect for fomily living for 
523,ooo on VA or FHA terms. 
NEW NORTHWEST 
MALL 
Will be just around the corner from this 3-2-2 in Forrest Glen. 
Nice corner lot, and it s ready to move into for $35,9oo 
Call a Professional now of 
736-4426 
Iy » S fl 
BEANIE 
K S M OWENS co. 
REALTORS— M IS 

M fJB H b p H 
Jefferson Ofc. 

N EW HOMES IN 
NORTHWEST 
SA N ANTO NIO 
C O M IN G SOO N 
Another Fine 
R A Y ELLISON 
C O M M U N IT Y 
681-3o2o 

Because it’* o whole of a buy 3 b e d ro o m s w ith su n k e n fa m ily room and tireplace. Located in a v e ry desirable N orthw est loco lion. Selling for $32,ooo ond only 
$1,45o down or no down on VA. 
Century 21 
S chneider Realty 
*>*-72oo 
S O U T H W E S T E R N S T Y L E home on % of an acre! H ickory paneling and rock fireplace... 3 large be­ d ro o m s 2 baths... liv in g room 
22x15, dining and gam e room! 
24 HR T E L E P H O N E S E R V IC E 
*44,9oo. 
R E A L T O R S 
*96-481! 

A AA A A A AH 
Your own home at last! Beautiful townhome. Central 
A H *1oo down, *139 month No c r e d it? O K ! H u r r y ! 922-2173, 
*75 9294, *73 4714 
P A T M C V E Y R E A L E S T A T E 

T H IN K B IG ! For *22oo euuily you can own one or the largest 3 be­ droom hom es around. Fully car peted, big country kitchen with all a p p lia n c e s, a ir, fenced ya rd , tucked aw ay on a quiet cul de sac within w alking distance to school, immediate possession *81 o*4o. 

A B A R G A IN • *9oo total m ove in • 
3-1-1, *15o paym ent, fenced, lust painted. Won t last, H urry! 
474-6126________ R A E Real Estate 

F U L L Y C A R P E T E D 3 bedroom, 
2’ i bath home with L A R G E living room, W IN D O W G U A R D S , B B Q 
N IC E C O R N E R L O T ! *29,9oo 
828-6343, nites 6*6-ooo7 

V A L L E Y H I 
N ice 4 bed room , separate dining, large den, 18oo sq.ft. living area, p rivacy fence 3 a ir units, range, large storage 
Only *22,7oo C H A R L E S W A TT S 
R E A L E S T A T E 732 2918, 732 S3** 

Until we can work out the details, for a sm all investm ent that will m ove you into a hom e ot yo u r o w n. A n y o n e c a n b u y th e se 
Governm ent Owned hom es. F in ­ ancing available 
673-2271 

3 ACRES ■+■ 4 BEDROOMS 
HUGE home for country Hying-en­ tertaining. 
Keep horses or garden FREEDOM! SPACE! Party sited living room plus large fami­ ly room, bor in kitchen, dining area 
Includes fully equipped icehouse, ready for business if desired. BARGAIN PRICED* 

D E L L C R E S T - Lovely 3-11. Just remodeled. *19,ooo V A -FH A . 
924-4525 
H A S K IN S R E A L T Y 
(W IT H 1oo% DO W N ) 

NEAR USAA, UTSA, MED CENTER 
Secluded in Hidden Creek. No traffic noises, large prestigious home for- entertaining ond comfortable living. 
3 big bedrooms, 2 decorator bath­ rooms, huge separate living ond family rooms, central heat-air. Patio, 
2 car garage, courtyard, easy terms. 
VETS NOTHING DOWN 3 years 

2 b e d ro o m s c o m p le te ly redecorated in Eastw ood Village 
SIS,SOO, open terms. *84 6444 
* 
SACRIFICE 
I 
J IOO ACRES of o beautiful rivet £ 
L tooth in the Hill Country. 4* 
J HURRY! 
* 
3 o ACRES 
I 
J Guadalupe 
County, new ¥ 
J Berlin oreo. 
Mobile home, "9* 
»( tractor ond equipment, born. 4* 
^ Green Volley Water, GSIC, J 
Ai Marion phone. Priced to SEH . 
Ac at $47,5oo. Call to Ste! 
J 
* 
RUTH MONTGOMERY 
Ai 
J 
REAL ESTATE 
+ 
6 5 9 -1 3 1 3 
J 
J NITES 659-1 833 * 

Lovely 3 bedroom, l ’ i both near elem entary ond middle schools. 
A N Y O N E C A N B U Y this beauty. no down, V E T S save eligibility 
H U R R Y ! w o n t lost V A owned property 
R E A L T O R S 
*74 3552 
H O D SD O N & A S S O C IA T E S 

S P A C E ! 
2 large living areas plus gam er oom large enough for full su e pool table! Built-in kitchen in c lu d e * refrig. Colonies North. *47,5oo 
R E A L T O R 
691-13oo 

"HANDYMAN’S bftEAM! Kl mitt the plans of this room y 3 bedroom home on oversized forested lot, all 
Irving a re a * oversized including the 32’ paneled den with fireplace. 
Priced to sell! 
O nly 
*25,ooo. 
68) o66o. 

7 m odel* open daily, *72,5oo to 
*115,ooo, 1o% or 2o% down, will trade. Oak Valley-Oak Creek NW out Vance Jackson at Callaghan 

S O U T H O F B O E R N E . It A cre s w ith a p p ro x JOO ft. creek Iro n luge, beautiful building sites and huge oaks 

B R IC K 3 2 in new condition on 2 large city lots, oil fenced. *38,5oo 

M O D E R N R O C K 3 2 2 with 19x2o gam eroom . all located an J oak covered acres *59.9oo 

15 A C R E S , East ot Boerne with 
4ox7o metal barn, septic system and well M an y large oaks 

R E A L T O R 
A D A M S H IL L - near bases, 3-2 2, carpeted, fenced, 2 living areas. 
N S I S D $34,7oo *75oo equity 
*25o mo 2122 Cedar Run, 673-27o2 
R E A L T O R S 
M L S 
BOS MCGINNIS 
REALTORS I 
V 349-62ll. 
Century 21 
3-2-1. Air, fence. *65o equity a s­ sum es $222 V A. Now leased. By owner, 349 o382.__________________ 
BOB MCGINNIS 
REALTORS 
* 349-6211 

E L A IN E L U D W IG 8. A SSO C 
N O R T H S lfa E S C H O O L S - Beou- tiful 3 bedroom , 2 bath, double garage, central heat-air. Open terms. 
333-4144 
Nites 653-o945 

S P L IT B E D R O O M S 
Beautiful 4 bedroom b rick that features a large kitchen, 2 decor­ a tor baths and fireplace. L ik e new. Priced for quick sale. E v e n ­ ings 333-o9oo 

W H Y R E N T ? ••• 
B U Y -N o th ln g dow n to anyone! 
E a s y to quality. 2, 3, and 4 b e ­ droom s, som e with applianct. Call n o w ! 
H a b la m o s 
E s p a n o l. 
923 19o4, 923-52o6. 
A R C IN IE G A R E A L T Y 

L E O N V A L L E Y , 3-2-2, fa m ily room with fireplace, form al living room , ca th e d ra l ce ilin g, in te r­ com , s k y lig h t, ro c k p a tio e n ­ trance. 14oo sq.ft. *39,5oo. 684-7297 
L E O N V A L L E Y - By owner. 3-2-2. separate living and dining, fam ily ro o m w ith fire p la c e , dinette, cove re d patio, p r iv a c y fence, corpet, drapes. *48,5oo. 684-1437 

3-2-2, patio, fenced, no city tax 
828 o665 
736-1766 
675-o629 
W A TSO N & SON R E A L T O R S 
F IR S T T IM E F O R S A L E 
Century 21 
SO U TH E A S T R E A L T O R S 
Century 21 
D E L A N E Y R E A L T Y 653-o55o 

T O RS 
N e a r (J S A A and M e d ica l C o m ­ plex. Y o u r beautiful dream home on a landscaped lot. 3 bedroom s divided, den with fireplace and sloped ceilings, living and dining room s. 341-72o1, nites 822-1767. 
A sk for V A N C E H IL L 

I 749 8532 
S U N D A Y BY A P P T O N L Y 
B O I R N E 
O ve r 18 A c re s wtiit h u n t in g c a b in a n d s p r in g s , 
*2 2 ,5 o o 
B O E R N E 
R A N C H 
R E A L T Y 224-7171________________ 

« bedroom, 2 bath home for only 
$55,8oo. Sunken living room, eat­ ing b ar in kitchen, utility room close to bedrooms. 
349-1436 Anytime 

S T E P IN T O E L E G A N C E ! 4 be­ droom s. 3Vt bath, split bedroom arrangem ent. L arge gam e room h a s fu ll bath a n d o u tsid e e n ­ trance. Open den area with high ceilings, wet bor, wood burning fireplace. Form al living and din­ in g ro o m . K itc h e n h a s h ig h ce ilin gs with sk y lights, and is f u lly e q u ip p e d . L o v e ly y a r d 
C o v e re d patio. L o ts of tre e s. 
342-3211 A N Y T IM E 

E x c e lle n t a re a in N W , but in 
N E IS O and (us! the right fam ily home. This ta a 75% brick 2-story home on a great corner lot. 3 be­ drooms, 2 baths and double g a r­ age. E xc e lle n t floor pion, fire ­ place. N IT E S 341-8o77 
828-5436 
R E A L T O R S 
M U S 

J b e d ro o m , I bath, d e liv e re d 
*37oo. o28-1439___________________ 
L O V E L Y 2 -S T O R Y white b rick hom e on a wooded corner lot. 4 bedrooms, 2’ i baths, study, play room, clutter room and all tho other features that you would ex­ pect in a top quality home. Built by Su p e rb H o m e s (J e ss e a n d 
B ru c e B a k e r ) . B u y n ow a n d select some of the colors and car­ pe tin g . A g r a c io u s h o m e fo r 
*88,6oo. 342-3211 A N Y T IM E 

G ood H om e to be w recked for parking lot downtown 228 QUO. 

We use the finest energy saving fe atu re s in our hom es so a s to 
C O W E R your tulure utility costs 
Coll now I 341 7o57, 824 7381 
B U L V E R D E E S T A T E S i tracts, 
6 8o acres, 
$35oo per acre, 
494 5183 
By Owner, approx. I acre, 7 ml. out of S A . J large bedroom s, I bath rem odeled, la rge kitchen rem odeled, 2 car carport, E Cen ti al w ater and well, E. Central schools. Lots of shade 649 1731 
B y owner In Dunloy 3 bedroom. I bath home, living, utility room s, 
On I 1 r acres I 426 3561 

F o r e s t O a k s E sta te s, a ss u m e equity $4,3oo. 3-2-2, extra large m aster bedroom, big fam ily room w ith fire p la c e . L iv in g - d in in g combination, privacy fence. *477. mo. 681-o429. 
F O R E S T O A K S 
4-2-2, 1oo% stone, form al liv in g coom, fam ily room with beam ed ceiling and fireplace, appliances, carpeted, la rge fenced v a rd + 2 
Hallos. 4 yrs. old. *45,9oo. A ssum e 
7 '; % VA. *84-7539._______ 

On Sulphur Springs Rd Beautiful oaks, L a V e rn io schools Ow ner financed. Bill Harper, 494-7412. your lot AM paneled and plum b­ ing. vinyl floor covering. 
2 bedroom, I bulb, *1o,5oo 
3 bedroom , I both, *12,8oo 
Oodson L u m b e r_________624 7256 

5 'z a c r e s w ith h o r s e s ta lls. 
Country hom e with 3 fireplaces and lots of charm . 3 bedroom , 3 bath. Own water well. *98,ooo. 
C A L L 494-5227 
Armstrong Co 
R E A L T O R S _________________ M L S 
ROSOW (KLIN E 
R E A L T Q R S -5 o Y e a rs of T R U S T 

33 a c r e s n e a r L e a k e y T e x a s 
B e a u t if u l • R o u g h R u g g e d 
Heavily W ooded Deep Canyons 
L o ts of G a m e . *3oo OO O w n 
Ow ner financed. E a sy Terms. Al so L a rg e r and Sm aller Acreage 
A va ila b le . Phon e 512 • 257 5369 
Atter 6:oo P .M ond weekends. 

O ne. 5 R o o m a n d one 4 room houses re o d v to be m oved. M a- son, 344-5585._____________________ 
2-1, d ining, fron t porch, I ca r, walk to bus, school. *15,25o VA. 
341-4455 
R E A L T O R S 
73S-2276 iRS-5o Y e a rs of T R U S T 
3 Sm all houses m oved and loon- dotlons, out of cit. 653-o482._______ 
R E A L T O R S SO Y e o rs of T R U S T 
LO W A S S U M P T IO N , co u rty a rd entry to this really lovely home, landscaped and p rivacy fenced, fireplaced den, large m aster be­ d ro o m w ith d r e s s in g a re a . 2 baths. Assum e this V A loan for 
*3ooo 

USO Sq.Ft. H ouse to be moved, m ost R e a so n a b le E stim a te Ac copied Coll 828 8o5o______________ 

U pstairs for children, 4 bedroom, 
3Vi both, dow nstairs m aster, fire­ place, bright kitchen,. 5o's. 
S A N D IS O N R E A L T Y 
69992o1 
S U M M IT A R E A 
L o ca tio n a n d la rg e fenced lot m ake this 4 bedroom very de sir­ able. D ra p e s, ceiling tons and water softener ore just som e of the extras. 824-o171 

F O R E S T O A K S 
2 v a c a n t b e a u tie s, both 4 b e ­ droom s, 2 baths, big dens p lu s liv in g a n d dining, treed yard , fireplaces, al! brick. Both good assum ptions inlaw 4o's 
M E D IC A L C E N T E R A R E A 
B ig 4 o r 5 bed room s, 2 lu x u ry baths, cu sto m fire p la c e in big den, form al area, covered potio. 
This h an d so m e hom e h as o ve r 
2ooo sa ti and in mid 5o’s 
O N L Y *26,5oo 
You get a 3 bedroom, 2 bath, den a n d liv in g with 14oo sa ft. It is newly painted and has central air. 
Paym ents can be assum ed under 
SISO. Near bus and stores 

5’ 3 acres of beautiful oak trees, fenced. R a m b lin g rock borne, 3 bedroom s, 2 baths, la rge gam e room with fireplace. ‘L ’ shapec country kitchen. Second fireplace in living room. $1o5,ooo. 344-3o78 nites 492-1611. 
D O N JO H N SO N , R E A L T O R S 

A must see. 4 huge bedroom s, 3 luxury baths, 21 ft fam ily room plus fireplace. 3o It pool. C a ll 
824-4521, nites 674-o744 

W E 
B U Y 
H O U S E S 
TO 
B E 
M O V E D 
628 1459 
* 
922 4111 
B Y O W N E R In N E W B R A U N 
F E L S E x tra well built 3-2 2 with 2 fire p la c e s, la rg e sh ad e trees. 
Perfect condition Newly pointed and carpeted. 1-629-2145 
G uadalupe R iver North, Close In, near B o e rn e . Tw o acres, h uge tre e s , a ll to p so il a n d g r a s s . 
R o b e rt Sm ith, Broker. 698 7o61, eve. 494 6777.___________ _ 
L U X U R Y A N D C O M F O R T con be yours when you m ove to Castle 
H ills E st a te s ! 4 b e d ro o m s, 4 baths, m usic room and study or private suite for m other-in-law . 
Beautifully appointed. Located on pretty la n d sc a p e d c o rn e r lot. 
824-o121 A N Y T IM E 

Owner, 6 large bedrooms, 3 baths, se p arate livin g, d in in g, entry, la u n d ry , den, o n d m a s t e r ’s quarters, fireplace, cul-de-sac, 
27oo sq.ft. U S A A and Med Center. 
6411 
Longhouse 
Ct. 
684-746o. 
* 6 7 , 5 o o . __________________ 
Marshall 
Meadows 

2 a c r e s flow ing stream , w ith 3 bed room , 7 both home. O nly IO m inutes east of SA. Niles 658 2o31. 

B L A N C O 
35 a c r e s on s tro n g creek. Cabin, oak posture, field. 
W E IR R E A L T Y (513) 833 4518 
R E A L T O R S 

Of this beautifully kept, large 4 bedroom in W oodlawn H ills has reduced it to *39,9oo for q u ick sale! Y o u 'd love the large yord with trees, the spacious separate d in in g and den. 341-72o1, nites 
341-8294. R E A L T O R S - 

N E W L IS T IN G . W h ite b ric k story, 4 bedrooms, gorgeous treec lot with room tor tennis court oi pool. *69,9oo. 

O N B L U F F o v e r lo o k in g g o t’ course. M agnificent 2 story con tem porary with pool. 4 bedroom s s tu d y , liv in g , d in in g , anc gam eroom . 
View s! 
View s! 
Views! 

E L E G A N T R O C K H O M E on acre Deck off form al living anc dining room overlooks gorgeous pool orea. M aster suite up, 3 be droom s ond gam eroom down. 

JU ST C O M P L E T E D . 22o Alcalde 
Moreno. White brick traditional 
4 2' 2-2 with light and airy color: throughout. 
Alm ost 
25oo sq.ft 
*89,5oo. 
C A L L 494-5227 
Armstrong Co 
R E A L T O R S _________________ M LS 
H O L LY W O O D H A R K 
Room tor pool-tennis-horses on 
I 12 acres of oaks. Solar home 3-3 den, (ireplace. p olio s B y ow ner. 
W H M A Y E R R E A L T Y 494-3644 
H O LLY W O O D P A R K 
You won’t find a better buy than 
♦his big, beautiful 4 bdrm, 3 bath tri-level. You owe it to your tomily to see a n d c o m p a re . *86,ooo. 
824-o171, Nites 655-8421 

P E R F E C T S E T T IN G for country 
, club or country home, spacious ranch style home surround by 43 beautiful acres and over 1,ooo ft. of crystal clear creek bordering the property. 
P E R F E C T 
F O R 
H O R S E 
O W N E R S , new stables, IS acres of lu sh coastal berm uda, trees a n d 2 s p r in g fed p o n d s W ith hillside building site All ulil. In. 

CastrovillB-3 Acpss 
2-2’ j-2, guest ro o m * both, b arn s pens, pecan, fruit frees, fenced 
828 o66* 
736 1766 
*34 4439 
W A T S O N A SON R E A L T O R S 
Century 21 
NEW HOMES IN 
NORTHWEST 
SAN ANTONIO 
C O M IN G SOO N 
Another Fine 
R A Y ELLISON 
C O M M U N IT Y 

6 8 1 - 3 o 2 o 

M U S T S E L L ! ! ! 
Loaded with charm , I ve ry large liv in g a re a w ith c a t h e d r a l ceilings, fireplace, and deluxe wet bar Separate dining, 3 bedroom s, high lot n e a r M e d ic a l C enter. 
341-72o1, nites 342-o829. A sk for 
V IR G IN IA N IE N D O R F F 

R E A L T Q R S-5 o Y e a rs of T R U S T 
M A J E S T IC C O L O N IA L H O M E with com m anding view high on 
Inspiration H ills *22,ooo. E q u ity 
*29o. To see call 349-1479 
Hector J. Herbeck Inc., Reoltors 

Whitehead-Holiday 
*8 4-3711_____________ R E A L T O R S 
F O R E S T O A K S 
Convenient area! C ircu lar d rive to this 3-2-2, with form al Irving, paneled den h a s fire p lace and b o o k sh e lv e s . 
T r e llis e d p o ­ tto...lovely yard! *42,9oo 
69o-98o2 

T H U N D E R B IR D H IL L S 
E q u ity b u y u n d e r 
*48oo, paym ents *288. 3-2-2, Carpeted. drapes, built-ins, 681-2oo3 
T H U N D E R B IR D H IL L S 
B ig 2-story on corner lot O ve r 
21oo sq. ft. living orea, 4-2-2, great for entertaining. *42,5oo B E T T Y 
C L A R K 
R E A L T O R 
341-o294, 
824 -9 2 9 5__________________ 

Restored pioneer historical home, built In 187o, nostalgic and lovely 
484 4747B Zolier, R e altor**I I4»? 
China Grove or*o, I * acres 
648 333oLG R IP P S R L T Y 441 o448 

4 bedroom s, 2 boths, fom ily room ond kitchen oreo, fenced yord, 
*18oo equity m oves you In. 3 be­ droom s, paneled thru-out, neat kitchen, double carport. *14,ooo 
Roberta White 533-71*3, 333-8763 
B O B J O N E S , R E A L T O R S 

R E A L T O R S 
1o5 Sounders, Boerne. Tx 
249-3526, 
249 284o, 
249-82*6 
S A. direct line 824-91U 

J U S T L IS T E D , U n ive rsity P a rk 
Area, nice J bed room , I both, la rge com pletely fenced y a rd . 
Only *15,ooo. 
S T A R T E R H O M E , cle a n 3 b e ­ droom , I bath hom e, id eal fo r starters, paneled kitc h e n w ith n ice y a r d s u r r o u n d e d w ith 7 pecan trees. Just $15,5oo. 
B E A T T H IS P R I C E , c lo se to school and shopping, 2-1, large ro o m s, liv in g a n d d in in g com bination, w all to wall, plus irion guards on all windows. Only 
*13,5oo. 
LOW E Q U IT Y , Lovely 1oo% brick home, 3 bedroom , I bath, large fam ily room , nice kitchen with separate breakfast area, built-in stove goes with the price *18,5oo. 
434-3185 

P A IN T S T IL L W E T on this sign in front of this brand new 2-story 4 bedroom listing in 
P o rk F o re st. Y o u ’ll love both large living areas and the custom patio. 8 % V A loan m a y be a s ­ sumed but hurry-w on t lost. Call 
341-4484 
3-2-CP on large, fenced corner lot. 
D e n , new c a r p e t in g , b u ilt-in range, 2-AC. 674-7o73_____________ 
B Y O W N E R , V olley Hi, 2 story 
4-2-2, cent alr-heat, all carpet, ve ry sp aciou s home, D E M A N D 
A R E A . *39,ooo 674-3821- 349-8887 

Would you believe only *37,9oo for this privacy- fenced home with a bright, open and airy tloorplan? 
E n io v the fireplaced fam ily room. 
A lso have Colonial ch arm er for som e price. 

Devine, Texas 
1-663-4558 
H IG H L A N D S A R E A - Want to buy on older home, fix it up yourself? 
2 or 3 bedroom s, no down, *14o to 
*19o per month. 675-1691, 673-491o 
P O IN T E R R E A L E S T A T E vrsottc 
A 6.8 A C R E T R A C T 
Bandera, Pipe Creek area. Beau tiful view s, good hunting, elec­ tricity a v a ila b le , iu st m inutes from 41o O w ner financed. *1oo dow n, term s. Show n by a o p 't 
E M O R Y 
J O N E S 
734-4627, 
828-6244. 

Let your home equity be the 1o% or 2o% down paym ent! O'5 % now! 
Going u p ? ? ? ? 8 models open dai­ ly! Callaghan at Vance Jackson! 

H o u se fo r sa le by o w n e r, 6o4 
Cuney Way, by Herff Elem entary 
School, coll Oft 4prn 735 5945 
Century 21 
C L O S E TO B A S E S - 31 -CP, *166 payment, *175 total m ove in. 
674 6126________ R A E Rep! Estate 
F I R E P L A C E Ju st listed 3 be- droom hom e featuring large liv­ in g , d in in g , p lu s o v e r s iz e d paneled den with fireplace and im p re ssive interior b ric k w ork, large lot with privacy patio, cen­ tral heat-air, built-in kitchen, low equity of only *25oo and assum e 
*2o5 mo. 681-o66o. 

Lovely 2 story, 3-2' j-2, fully ca r­ peted, liv in g area, cen tral D ir­ tied. Walk to school-fennis courts 
Now, just *29,5oo. Low equity and a ss u m e V A note. E r ie N a g e l, 
696-533o, 696-2712. 

S chneider Really 
696-72oo 
F o r Sa le B y O w n e r, B a b c o c k 
N orth, 3-2-2. Tw o liv in g areas. 
F ire p la c e , c a th e d ra l c e ilin g s, partial m asonry. Nice yard. M ake offer. Call atter P P M weekdays, 
*9o-1242.__________________________ 

2 b e d ro o m hom e on d e a d end street. 24x13 com bination dining, new vinyl kitchen floor. *16,95o. 
M axine 
Ham m ond 
533-7163, 
534-767o 
B O B J O N E S, R E A L T O R S 

IO ac., brush, lust south of county line *9ooo, Bell 226 2324___________ 
Century 21 
D O U G L A S R E A L E S T A T E 
A C R E A G E H O M E S IT E S 
N W of S o n A n to n io in B e x a r, 
Comal, Kendall Co s. 1-18- acres or M ore 
1o5 M C L E O D 
OH N. Hamilton, 3 Bedroom s. 
733-7194 or 226-9735. 
V e ry appealing brick on treed 3t a c re . 3-2-2, d en ( F P ) . H ig h beamed ceilings in den and m a s­ ter bedroom . Sp rin k le r system . 
N e a r U T S A , M e d ica l Com plex. 
Only *66,9oo. 826 2347. 

Surrounded bv lovely 3 bedroom, 
2 both home. All in Castle Pork for only $57,5oo 
341-4491 
Nites 341-4728. 684-4154 
G E O R G E FLO O D , R E A L T O R S 

In C A S T I E H IL L S . Brick, custom built, 3 bedroom s, 2 baths, lorge fireplace, 2 fam ily room s, p lu s bobby room, vacant. 
*67,ooo. 
344-8348 
Grace Arnold 
R E A L T O R S M L S 
F R E S H A IR 
C lose in but in the co u n try off 
>6o4, all brick 2 year old, 21oo sa ft, 3 bed room s, 7' i boths, fire ­ place rn den, this custom beauty in mid 5o's. Have a good selection of suburban homes with acreage 

R E A L T O R S 
698-244o 
B R O K E R 
698 2261 
IN G R E E N L A W N T E R R A C E oft 
V ance Jackson. E x tra nice and sp a cio u s 3 bedroom , la rg e den with brick fireplace. *27,8oo. Call 
IN T E R S T A T E 828-o755 til 8 pm 

G A T E W A Y T E R R A C E 
O lder 3 bed room , 2 bath hom e near Lack-Kel. A nyone can buy with no dow n paym ent and tow closing costs. Only *21,275. 
B R IG H A M R E A L T Y 673 14o1 
H A N D Y M A N S P E C IA L , la r g e o ld e r-sty le 2 b e d ro o m off S. 
Flores. $9,ooo. 923-4327, 349-8453 

R o n a ld W illia m s o n 
H O M E S 4 -SA L E - *2oo totol move in 
674-6126_______ R A E Real Estate 
K ingsborough spacious three be­ droom, one and a half baths and paneled garage with 6 X 8 glass door, house com pletely carpeted with plush carpeting. Y o u ’ll like the Spanish style floors, brick and flowered paneling, toolshed ond more. 
M a n y extras. 
*19,5oo. 
922-2395. 
______________ 

*9o,ooo hom e, w ill co n sid e r all o ffe rs. L o v e ly 4 b r, 3 b a th multi-level home. 
*1495 
Nam e your terms. A s low a s *3$ per m onth 
H R G R E A L 
E S T A T E . 733 13o9 or 497 3584 

I G I l i d I i r m o b i l d l ln Bel,oire- 3 bedroom s, I bath, 
1 'L H U I'H .H ; . ! 1 m u u m u u 
(resh pojnt V A ,oon $24-421, nites 
V alle y Hi, North, ow ner, 3-2-2, 674-o744 liv-din, fam ily, breakfast rooms. 
Cent air-heot. built-ins, carpeted, n 
■. fenced. *29,ooo assum e 5 '* loan at 
8 11 f I f l O ITI K l O O l f I# 
*159 mo. 674-8529._________________I IJ l l I H I l l H d 11 l l 

'» acre-huge backyard with 6 ft. privacy fence. 3-2-2 in Dreamful! 
E sta te s . B e a u tifu l w e ll-k e p t hom e. D o n ’t m is s th is one! 
*66,5oo. 341-2222 Anytim e 

349-5125 & Assoc, Inc. 
342-1373 
7285o8 17 A C R E S 
J U S T L IS T E D ! H o m e and in ­ come, spacious and well-kept du­ plex in nice area. Convenient to schools and shopping. M ust see! 

M ust sell lovely 4-2-2 in Adorns 
Hit! by t June. Eauity and assum e 
*25o mo. pmt. 673-2828 No Agents. 

17 A cre s at *695 acre, off 281N, 
Pretty o aks, excellent hunting 
Jim Ashley Real Estate 684-4276 
Century 21 
R A Y T E A L , R E A L T O R S 
Near Churchill, 3-)12-1 dollhouse. 
Fully carpeted, like new top-of- th e -lin e D W , etec sto v e , se lf cleaning, re trig , a n d d isp o sa l. 
Very clean home, nice large yard w ith p r iv a c y fe n ce . *29,5oo. 
Owner-oqent. AH »pnt, 344-9952. 
N E A R ' U T S A , 
U S A A . " T T T 
Im m a c u la te . A s s u m e 8 % % . 
Echols Pity 433-756o______________ 

6 acres, Blanco are a, high view, oak trees, spring. *1ooo acre Jim 
Ashley Real Estate 684 4276 
16 A C R E S C A M P S T A N L E Y 
I bdrm home, 2 both, living room with F P , d in in g ro o m com bo, fam ily room , Saltillo tile ond car. pet, beautiful oaks, W E S T R E A L - 
TY 656 4494. *79,5oo___________ 

242 K O E H L E R C O U R T 
N e o r M c C r e le s s . C o m p le te ly redone 2 bedroom , central heot and air, fenced, garage Excellent terms, no down to Veterans. 
341-8134 
A B D O 
494-3229 

W E IZ M A N N 
This 3-1 sold the first day on m a r­ ket, This is your second chance, com pare with any hom e at this price and you will h u rry lo p u r­ chase, ve ry clean, has sto rage shed. Immediate possession. Only 
*19,ooo 
Century 21 
J E F F E R S O N V IL L A G E 
Well kept 2 bedroom with full cer­ a m ic bath and s in g le g a ra g e . 
H ardw ood floors.... lo rge living area... pine paneled dining room. 
Beam ed fam ily room ! B O N U S - vegetable garden, *28,65o. 
89o-98o2 

3 bedrooms, I living room, I Con­ tem porary dining, I den, 3 walk in closets, 3 '? boths, I su n n y kit­ chen, 2-car garage , 2 patios. I nice garden home. 
S A N D IS O N R E A L T Y 
699-92o1 

Whitehead Holiday 
R E A L T O R S 
L A R G E O L O E R 3 bedroom home on I acre Home In excellent con­ dition. B e au tifu lly fenced yo rd with large gard e n a re a O w ner anxious. No down VA 
H U G H E S & B R IS C O E 
924-4331 
R E A L T O R S 
675-o696 
Century 21 
W H IT E H E A D - H O L L ID A Y 

G ood location-spacious rooms, in this 2 bedroom I both, study, liv­ ing room, separate dining room, la rg e kitchen, b re a k fa st room with built-ins. 2 C or garage. B y owner. 519,95o. 735-7485.__________ 

W H IT E H E A D - H O L L ID A Y 
681-o3oo______________ R E A L T O R S 
W H IS P E R IN G O A K S 
One of a kind... Su p e r I liv in g area, mid-level library, dual fire­ p la ce , s e p a ra t e d in in g , 3 b e ­ d ro o m s 2 p la y ro o m s, se e to believe. A sk for Beth Tote. 
341-9166 A N Y T IM E 

E a st B e x a r Co., sm all tank, ex­ cellent tor horses and bird hunt­ ing. utilities. SI 5oo acre. Nites 
658-2o31. 

Tender, loving care. B ric k 3 be­ drooms, 2 baths, central heat-air, big family room, Terrazzo entry, 
Castle Pork. *37,5oo.^44-8348 
Grace Arnold 
R E A L T O R S M L S ________ 

L A R G E Y A R D - 4-2, home. Near 
Lackland, all appliances, S23o mo. 
675-1691, 623-572o. 
P O IN T E R R E A L E S A T A T E 

M C C U L L O M , 4 bedroom , e xce l­ lent condition for under 517,ooo. 
Redecorated. No down VA. 
H U G H E S & B R IS C O E 
924-4331 
R E A L T O R S 
333-9358 

Owner reduced price and is open for oHers on this large 4 bedroom, 
2 b ath w ith d o u b le g a r o g e , co u n try like a tm o sp h e re , with swim m ing pool and tennis court in aren. 
674-3552 
R E A L T O R S 
H O D SD O N & A S S O C IA T E S 

REALTORS 

JU S T L IS P E D , Better than new 4 bedroom home, separate livin g o re o w ith fire p lac e , den w ith cathedral ceiling, v e ry con ve n ­ ient to U S A A and M edical Center. 
*43,9oo. Assum e or refinance. Call 
341-4666, nites 344-7o36. 
Don Bguchelie 
A CO. INC. R E A L T O R S M L S 
JU S T L IS T E D 
G re a t f ir s t hom e. 3 la rg e b e ­ droom s, I bath. F a m ily room , central heat and air, carpeted thruout. 
Beautiful corner lot. 
*24,9oo. 
699-1133 
R E A L T O R S 
341-7838 

G L E N O A K S 
L o rg e 4 bedroom , 2 bath hom e with double garoge, londscooed ya rd with large trees. Priced to sell! Call today. 
B R IG H A M R E A L T Y 673-14o1 
G L E N O A K S P A R K 
Fantastic 4-2-2 with the most unu­ su a l patio, bbq set up. Lots of closets, built-in china cabinet plus nice den, fireplace, form al living and dining. Only *52,5oo 
M IN I C O U N T R Y C L U B 
I of a kind, cu stom b uilt 4-3-2 home, cedor root, green house, tennis our!, 4ox2o heated pool. A fantastic property located in rear of U T S A 
J u st m in u te s fro m 
U S A A and M edical Center. A p ­ praised at *132,ooo. You m ust see this one 
N IC E O L D E R H O M E 
3 big bedroom s, hardwood floors, detached garage . O nly $18,5oo. 
Open term s 
C H A N G E Y O U R L IF E S T Y L E 
B eautiful 3-2’ j Tow nhouse. E x ­ cellent condition, use of fishing take, tennis court, heoted pool, associate and utility fees only *112 mo. Total price at *41,5oo Cony 
H O M E P L U S IN C O M E 
Lovely duplex with 2 bedroom s each side, located on nice corner lot, JeHerson aren. Only *35,5oo 
Conventional 

18oo sq.ft. off W .W .W hite Rd. 3 bedrooms, I 1/* baths. Fenced and well cared for I acre with trees. 
S A N T E X CO.. R E A L T O R S 
_____________ 653-o46o_____________ 
13 Acres in Fentress on the Hwy fro m L u lin g to S o n M a r c o s . 
*36,ooo 1-398 3374 Lockhart, Tx. 
Century 21 
IO A C R E S iust inside Com al Co 
Elee, w ater ond septic tank On paved county rd *35,*oo 653-2883 

4 bedroom, 2' j bath, contem por­ a ry living. In Churchill Estates. 
H igh ceilings and tots af lights. 
Only *78,9oo. 
349-1436 Anytime 

M E A D O W V IL L A G E - Extra nice 
3-2-2 on cul-de-sac. fam ily room, patio, p r iv a c y fence, c a rp e ts, heat- air. $28,7oo W are Realty 
7 3 4 - o 1 9 3 ___________ 

2,ooo sa ft., c u sto m b e a u ty , panoram ic view, heot-a-lator fire­ place, air. Excellent cro ss ven­ tilation, b eautiful e v e rg re e n s, den, 3-2-2. M ust see to appreciate. 
Priced to sell, all terms. 

H O W A R D T A T E R E A L T O R S 
W H Y R E N T ? ••• 
B U Y -N o th in g dow n to anyone! 
E a sy to qualify. 2, 3. and 4 be­ droom s, som e with appliances. 
C all now ! H a b la m o s E sp a n o l. 
923 19o4, 923 52o6. 
A R C IN IE G A R E A L T Y 

7o8o6 

Spaded Boutique 
Reduced price. L a rg e 4-2-2, all brick, excellent condition, all kit­ ch en a p p lia n c e s, c a rp e te d , draped, 2 living are as, dining, and entertainment patio. 684-9554. 

N E A R S K Y H A R B O U R area No aualifytng-take over 3 bedroom , only *157 mo, central air or only 
*14? stove, refrigerator. 
733-9111 
B 
Gonzoles 
623 1369 

Ju st 14 m i sooth of 41oS, 4 be­ droom, 3 bath, den with fireplace, sw im m ing, fish in g and hunting 
J E R R Y 
B A C O N 
R E A L T O R 
I 747 3283, 622 3295, 622 3J2J 

B O B B IL L A R E A L E S T A T E 
534-88o8 
333-1468 
333-1764 
2-1-L Near Pecan Valley, corpet- ed, painted- inside and out, dish­ washer, reasonably priced. 
534-36>2 
___________ 

INC, R E A L T O R S ________ 
N E W L lS T IN d S ! Country kitchen m easures 21x12. 3 bedroom s, 2 baths. Central air and heat. Close to sc h o o ls a n d S o u th w e st R e ­ search. Beautiful la rg e lot with m any trees. 529,9oo. Call 342-3211 
A N Y T IM E 

Woods of Shavano, Bv Owner. 3-2, 
2 fireplaces, m any extras, 4527 
C ypress Woods. <59,9oo. 492-1881 
N IC E R T H A N N E W ! 3 bedroom, 
2 both home on corner lot. Central heat and air and all appliances 
V A p a ym e n ts can be a ssu m e d with low down payment. 674-5411 

6 a cre s K e rrv ille area, acce ss 
Highw ay 16. 119 acres, Bandera 
Co. by owner. (S U ) 342-179o 
T h is Spudca Boutique design (calinut* a pullover top with a bateau neckline ending in half-moon sleev es. 
The slightly A-line skirt has an e lastic casing at the w aist. Complete the "a u courant*' look with tho smut! drawstring purse that loops over the tie belt. Fabrics: matte jersey, silk, silk jersey, crepe, fine cotton. 
7o8o6 is cut in M isses Si/.es H-16. Size 12 requires approximately 3 7/8 yds. of 4 5 " fabric. To order: send pattern n u m b e r, size, n a m e , address and zip. Price 
62.5o plus 3o4 for postage and handling. 
New Mini Supplement of Half Size sty le s, 61.5o post­ paid. Make check payable to Spudca. Send orders to this newspaper, c/o Spades, 2 Bridge St., Milford, 
N. J . o884H. Dept. mm-urn. t o w w ssncrsz’sc’jjrsA’w.’ j a w — y r J* 

• 
M ail TO: San Antonio Express & New* 
-j 
! 
Pattern Dept. 782 
* 
; 
P O. Box 534o 
* 
I 
Chicago, Illinois 6o68o j 
| Name 
. . 
• » 

I* Address 
. , , f 
I City 
. State 
. . . . Zip Code 
J 

I PATTERNS— 1.25 each 
, 
NEEDLEWORK— 1.25 I 
I 
I j No bize 
No. j 
J No. 
Sue 
No. 
I j Fashion Book $1.oo □ 
Needle Album 1.oo □ J 
J 
AU patterns m ailed first (lass. j j 
— Books sep arately— j 

A r t is t ic a lly d e c o ra te d , im ­ m a c u la te , 3 b e d ro o m , 2 b a th h o m e P L U S la r g e s tu d io o r gameroom. 2 living area*- L O V E ­ 
LY. Upper *3o s. 824-4571 

227 Z A B R A , off Loop 41o West. 
3-1-cp, N ew F H A a p p r a is a l 
*15,75o. Paym ent* less than rent. 
684-4211 P IO N E E R R E A L T Y 

6 a c re * L u ch e n b a ch . Beautiful la n d in h e a r t of L u c h e n b a c h c o u n try . $S4o d ow n paym e n t. 
*84.23 per mo. O w ner financing for information ond appointment. 
Coll 734-9363. 

Spacious 2 bedroom hom e with central heot. Assum e low monthly p aym ents of S I U with low, low equity. 
Vacant for quick occupancy. 
924-7311 

W H A T Y O U 'V E B E E N 
L O O K IN G F O R ! 
734 M C N E E L R O A D 
H O M E W IT H G U E S T H O U S E 
2 -B ED R O O M , 2-BATH, D E N 
Delightful all brick, perfect con­ dition. B u rgla r alarm , sprinkler, lovely corner. Nothing left for the im agination! Show n by appoint­ ment. *48,5oo. 736-oo15- 
Beulah M ae Keller, Realtor 

N O D O W N A N Y O N E 3-4 be droom s, som e appliances. First paym ent July. Hablam os Espanol 
222 9 6 I6 T E R R A R E A L T Y 2 4 H R S 

A A A ch arm in g 2 bedroom , fire­ place on 344 Fairview *2oo down 
B E L L R E A L T O R S 222 9495. 

6 acres, 2 mi from Canyon Lake, beautiful trees, no down. *67 66 mo. Jim Ashley Really 226 7774 

R E A L T O R S -SO Y e o rs of T R U S T 
N EW ON M A R K E T 
B E A U T IF U L T -B IR D H IL L 
Don't m iss seeing this neat 4 be­ droom s, 2 baths, I'/» ga ra ge , I block to elementary. 
534,ooo. 
696-1412 

R O CK C H A R M E R 
IN J E F F E R S O N A R E A 
2 large bedroom s, 2 tile baths. 
Luxuries include: Large fireplace in living room , separate dining ro o m , fa m ily room , e n c lo se d porch, mony, m ony extras! Low 
4o's. Call D ick Holland, 732-4475 or 
822-3327. 
W A L T E R G O O D W IN ASSO C. 

Anyone can buy, Vets don't use their e lig ib ility . 3-4 bed room s. 
Some with air and 2 baths, some w ith a ir a n d a ll a p p lia n c e s. 
Paym ents less than rent! 
B O B D e P A O LO 
532-5251________________R E A L T O R 
N O E Q U IT Y ! A s s u m e B U V A loan. indian Creek 2-1-CP on cul­ d e sa c. Central heat-air, carpet­ ing, large yard. 
M ust sell)! 
623-532o___________________________ 

IO m inutes from C an yo n Dam , 
*69$ per acre. Ow ner will carry note. 342-18o8. B IL L H U G H ES, 
B R O K E R .___________________ _ 
Century 21 
5 y e a rs yo u n g in an e x c lu siv e neighborhood this 4 bedroom , 2 bath, white brick and cedar home has form al livin g room , dining room, large den with tireplace, a yum m y kitchen, breakfast room end double garoge. Y o u m ust see! 
Ullian Woolsev 735-6876 
L A C K L A N D - K E L L Y I 3 bedroom, 
2 both hom e has living room and paneled fa m ily room ... pretty, private yard with covered patio! 
M O N -F R I O P E N T IL I P M 
534,9oo. 
R E A L T O R S 
496-4811 

6o acres neor Bandera, highway frontage, excellent hunting, equi­ ty ond assum e 7 % note. Montague 
Realty 796 4132, 796-4594.________ 
12 A C R E S n e a r Blanco, $8995, easy term s by owner. 534 8876. 

NO CITY TAXES 
% brick, 3-2-2, single living area with fireplace, built-in kitchen. 
Call today 

W H IT E H E A D -H O L ID A Y 
7115 
R E A L T O R S | 

Spanish style custom built home only a few m onths old. Special features includ e sunken fam ily room, with fireplace, M onterrey walls, spacious m aster bedroom, and m uch more. Located on a p ­ prox % acre tot with m any trees. 
Priced at 579,9oo. 

W e ll-k e p t 4 b e d ro o m , 2 b a th hom e. B e a u tifu l den, c e n tra l heat-air, large patio, double g a r­ age. Lo ve ly neighborhood near 
W onderland. M u st tee! $37,5oo. 
341-2222 Anytim e 

H o m e on I a cre , 2 bed room , t bath, all rock home, central heat and air, large kitchen, living room with fireplace, 2 wells. Also I be­ droom, I bath. Rent hom e in per­ fect shape. 
494-5571 
N IT E S 695-3181 

N e a r S o m e rse t, lots of trees, 
R E A. electricity, A tascoso Co 
Country living at its best Cecil 
O rrick 
Don Sm ith B roker 
735-8ooo 

A N D D E A N I E O W E N S CO. IS 
T H E P L A C E to list yo u r hom e. S e rv in g the 
Bellaire, H a rla n d a le , K in g s b o r­ ough Ridge. San jose, W indy Hills area. 
F O R F R E E H O M E M A R K E T 
A N A L Y S IS , C A L L O R C O M E B Y 
45o S.W. M ilitary Dr. 
924-7311 
Century 21 
R A Y T E A L , R E A L T O R S 

344-62o7, 684-433o Anytime 
Century 21 
4+ A C R E S N O R TH 
Corner, paved 2 sides, big trees 
828-o665 
736-1766 
734-4117 
W A T SO N & SON R E A L T O R S 
5 acres on spring ted creek *675 down paym ent. *1o5.29 per mo. 
O w ner w ill fin a n ce B ig trees 
Beautiful view s. Coll for m ore information. 734-9598_________ 

W A K E F IE L D R E A L T O R S 

N O C IT Y T A X E S . T h e w hole fam ily will enjoy this ch arm in g brick home with 3 bedroom s plus study, 2 baths, neat tloorplan. 
Kids will love the pool and tennis courts this sum m er. Low 3o's. 

R E A L T O R S-N . West Qtc 
G R E E N B R I A R ! 
N o rt h e a s t 
* 
~ s c h o o ls, c o m fo rta b le fo m ily L A R G E 4 b e d ro o m , I b a th s, hom e. 3 b e d ro o m s, 2 't boths. built-ins, carpets, *3,ooo equity. 
P re tty su n ro o m w ith C lin to n *232 month. Coll now. 
Bae rm an n fountain. Great loco- 
IN T E R S T A T E 828-o755 til I pm lion. *29,5oo. 824-o121 A N Y T IM E j t A R G E L U X U R Y H O M E , large 

 n n x s M i l i A 
IP B l a i r lot' lorge Poo1' ,orge volue for a 
D l l P 
I I U M P I I I H u t low once. B y Ow ner. 4 bedroom, m 
.M i l l N 1 1 1 I i b L 
2 1 2 bath, acre lot, heated pool 
I I U 
U 
U 
I V A * l l f c i s a f c i w ith d iv in g b o a rd . H o lly w o o d 
R E A L T Q R S -5 o Y eors of T R U S T 
Park. 494-5349.___________________ 
IH I N U M B!R TO C A U 
PlAct V6o8 WANE Au 
15 225-1666 
IN THI EXPRESS NEWS 
EXPRESS ANO N E W S 
_____CA II 225-166& 

532-31o7 Realtor 
Shearer Hill*, 3-2, playroom, new central air, m any trees on 5 acre, convenient to all shopping. B y owner. *39,8oo. 344-6575___________ 
R E A L T O R S S. Central Ole 
Shenandoah, by owner, 3-1-1, cen­ tral heat and air, beamed ceiling, 
32 oak trees in back yard. 7 ’ 3% o rig in a l F H A loan. P a y m e n ts. 
*174. 696-3958_____________________ 

Palm Hgts. 3 bedroom. I both. 2 carport. 1245 sq.ft. of fully c a r­ peted living area. Corner lot. City bus I blk *23,ooo. R E Y E S R E A L - 
TY 636-6493.__________________ 

2o A C R E S , on West Texas Terlm goo Ranch. *28oo. Will take boat in trode 8 2 6 - 3 5 6 2 . ___________ 
3o A cres- Som e im provem ents 
G u a d a lu p e 
Co. 
SISO a c re 
1-625-6821 C. Lee Smith Land Co. 
342-3111 
R E A L T O R S 
696-5o77 t o e FAST RESULTS 
PLACE YOUR W A N T AO 
IN THI EXPRESS N EW S 
C A U 2 2 5 1666 

O N A W A N T AO 
THE N U M BER TO C A U 
IS 2 2 3 - 1 6 6 6 
EXPRESS A N D N E W S 

THE N U M BER TO C A U 
I* 2 2 5 -1 6 6 6 
EXPRESS A N D N E W * 
8 A C R E S , south. Well, electricity, 
19 large oak trees 923-8o42 

o2684634 

236 COMMERCIAL PROPERTY 
SAU 
Page 
) O-D________San Antonio EX P R ESS-N E W S— Saturday M ay 14 1977 
RENTALS 

5 A C R I TRACTS AT 
CANYON LAKE 
Just right for 
"D o n 't 
Fence M e In " folks! take facilities, boat romps, 
$*ores and schools near­ by. 
Panoramic views, mony large 
O ak trees. 
Selling 3 o % below mar­ ket value. Terms to suit. for appointment please call 
497-3571«1-899-2181 

2,45o ACRES 
FLOWING CREEK 

2 bedroom rock boos* overlook 

 mg two live (reeks, guest house 

 and horse stables, beautiful 

 pecan bottom and live oaks on' 

19-plus acres, 45 minutes north. 

KENDALL COUNTY 

?85 acres of rolling ook covered 

 hills, cabin, spring fed tank, 

 horns, good well divided into 4 

 postures, will sell oil or port Both 

 owner fronted 

Jerry Wagnon & Assoc. 

828-33o1 
Nites 344-7719 

SPRING OPENING SALE 

SPARKLING SPRINGS 
RANCHETTES 

Kendall 
Country most 

 beautiful restricted sub 

 division to 9 'r arte 

 tracts Views from here to 

 yonder, private lake for pro 

 petty owners, overlooking 

 new Boerne City lake 

S1oo DOWN UP-TO IS 
YEARS TO PAY 

Drive north on IH IO toke 

Hwy 8? thru Boerne business 

 district, cross IH IO overpass, 

 go north on West and access 

 road I mile to upper Cibolo 

Rd. Turn west 3 miles Stop 

 ot office for guided tour 
AFFILIATED 
D E V E L O P E R IN C . 
5 3 7 - 4 2 7 3 

In Chaparral Creek a d d itio n B O E R N E " , T h is lo v e ly two sto ry h a s b a lc o n y that o v e r ­ looks livin g area, 4 b e d ro o m s, and lo ts of s t o r a g e 
N o w r e a d y to m ove into O liv e to B oe rne , turn 
E a st en B la n c a to M e C h a p a rra l 
Dr. 

FURNISHED 
APARTMENTS 
FROM 

* 4 6 •Weekly 
$ 1 5 2 • Monthly 

STUDIOS, I AND 2 BEDROOM 

N O LEASE 
HEATED POOL 
SA U N A BATHS 
__________ 
TENNIS COURTS f” 
§f 
RECREATION ROOM 
J 
* 
ADULT LIVING— NO PETS 
S i 
Ii . 

Get aw ay from the world with this Texas hill country ranch The Median River meanders 2 Vt miles through its midst Its rolling hills and springfed canyons ore teeming with game. The enormous 4 bedroom 3 bath solid rock home is nestled on landscaped and terraced grounds stud­ ded with decodes old live oaks Nearby are the swimmingf pool, 3 car garage with workshop, 2 story party house, guest house, and screened barbeque house. There are well placed barns, stables, and pens, as well as a 3 bedroom rock house for either foreman's house or hunting lodge. All improvements are in top condition. This west 
Bandera County ranch has over 2 Vt miles of paved highway frontage, good interior roads, excellent fencing, admirable range management and brush control In Its first week for sole, it priced below market. W e challenge you to find a more beautiful ranch anywhere, for full details, contact Tom Carpenter, Realtors,- 2 9 o 2 W est Beauregard; 
San Angelo, Texas 7 6 9 o 1 ; telephone (915) office 9 4 9 
o 5 3 1 , home 9 4 9 -o o 3 5 . 

GEORGE & QUICK BUILDERS 
2242 S. M o m , B o e rn e . Tex. 

IO a c re s south of IH 1 o e ast So m e trees, utilities, go o d b ird hunting. 
H a s been a p p raise d . 
N ile s 
653-2o13. 

B e a u t if u l lot 15ox1 35. 2 stock; t a n k s a n d r e c r e a t io n a l a r e a nearby. C hoice lot. 
349 3535 or 349-si it, a n ytim e 

L a r g e t r a c t N o r t h o u t 281, 15 m ile s. O a k s , g o o d so il, $85oo. 
R o b e rt Sm ith , B ro k e r . 698 2o93. eve. 494-66*7. 
THREE OAKS 
Spacious 3 bedroom, 3 both home with beautiful view of the 
Guadalupe 
River 
Huge en­ tertainment area with wet bar, den and Hying room, Storage plus Split level Needs finishing touches STS,OOO Niles 6S67S8o 

NAYLOR REALTY 
GALLERY OF HOMES 

656-552o 691-1121 x 
341-9191 

R E A L T O R S - L o c k h iH -S e lm a Otc 
R iv e rm o n t p rop erty. $2oo county, a ssu m e tow pm ts, 1-438-2254 
W A R R EN HOUSE 
3222 N.W. loop 41o at Intersection of Dewhurst and access rood 41o 
3 4 2 - 4 o 2 9 

V I E W V IE W ! V IE W ! 
Best d e scrib e s this sm a ll cottage a n d 3 a c re s (m o re a v a il ), with w ale r rights. B uilt to a d d onto. SOO 
It. to IH-1o, 5 tnt. n orth of B oe rne . 
517,5oo 1-537-4569_____________ 

27 ACRES, ME with m odem 3- 
2 hom e and I older hem e with IM-35 frontage. 

16S ACRES with m a n y large oaks and pecan trees, nearly 
Vt mile 
G uadalupe 
River frontage. Home and m any other im provem ents on ran­ ch. 
17o ACRES near N ew B rau n ­ fels with all utilities available. 
M o stly alt im ­ proved pgsture. 
$ 7 5 o per acre. 
254 
ACRE form w ith all utilities available and on paved road. 
Uve creek through property. $ 6 5 o per acre. 
GUY THOMPSON 
REAL ESTATE 

Io 3 A ta Plaza Bldg., 

Seguin, Tx. 

658-8444 

Ive. 1-379-7582 

W A N T C O A S T A L P R O P E R T Y 
A r a n s a s P a s s o r P o r t A r a n s a s 
D O U G L A S A N D E R S O N 
1o3 G o rd in a 
_____ 
732-1342 r I 7o ACRFS I 
Northeast — Live Ook Co, cli brush, minerals, rood frontage. 5425 per acre. 
6 o ACRES lost of Whitsett, oil brush, minerals, rood frontage, electricity and water available, $45o per acre 
5o ACRES 
Near Kennedy, culitivoted, fenced, water well and some trees Ex­ cellent weekend retreot. $625 per acre 
2 5 o ACRES 
Medina County — South of Ban­ dera Secluded with good access, ex­ cellent hunting ranch and weekend reheat. Private road easement to 
Medina lake, flexible terms. Call 
Gory Roberts. 
VESTLAND 
L{51 2) 854-1 OI s J 

 iheppief 
Ct “it*i- 

W a te rfron t lots on L a k e B u c h a n ­ an, go o d su b d iv isio n , a ls o o th er w a te rfro n t lo ts w ilh o r w ith o u t m obile h o m e s C oll B u rn e t (512) 
756-2793 o r (512) 756-4153 

W ilson Co, 2o-48 ac so m e coastal 
648-333oLO R I P P S R L T Y . 648 o448 

A B eautifu l 
GU A D A LU PE 
RIVER TRACTS 
Only a few left. 

W id e rive r - w h ite w a te r 

 nea r B e rgh eim . B e tw e e n I 

 a n d 
2 a c r e s from 

S I 5 , o o o . 5 % d o w n . 
1 2 

 y e a rs to p a y at 8 % sim p le 

 interest A P R 8 % . 

B U S Y L O C A T IO N S 
722 W. H ild e b ra n d - A p p ro x. LOW sq.ft. 5275 mo. 1233 B a sse - Office or sm all b u sin e ss. 6oo sq.ft. $135 mo. 735-896). 
_ _ _ _ _ 
______ 

E v e rv th in g y o u 'v e e v e r w a n te d ! 3 bedroom , 2 '» baths, liv in g room , d in in g ro o m , u tility ro o m , p lu s lo r g c d en w ith f ir e p la c e , b o o t dock, sp rin k le r syste m , re ta in in g wall, e nd oilier e x tra s too n u m e r­ o u s to m ention. C all u s for a pp 't, 
O n ly 
$ 7 5 ,o o o 
J A N E 
P. 
H U D G E N S , R E A L T O R . 3o1 N, 
Austin, 
Se gu in 
379-2265 o r 
379-6776. 
W E E K E N D S P E C I A L 
L a k e v ie w cabin, fu rn ish e d 
H u r r y ! P ric e d at ss,5oo 
695-8811 W a tso n A Son 1-751-233o 

CARAVELLE 
APARTMENTS 
4848 GOLDFIELD 

Furnished or Unfurnished 
1-2-3 B E D R O O M 
Single and Family sections, All bills pd. light­ ed 
Swimming pools, party room, 5 Min. 
W indsor 
Park 
Mall. 
15 
Min. heart ol downtown San Antonio. 
661-666o 
O ff LH 35. On Rittiman 

 j ^ H IL L S ID E L O T - B E A U T I F U L 
View s h o o E a s y T e rm s e L a rg e Lot - T re e s-N e a r L a k e 
And boot ra m p - E a s y T e rm s 
C oot. E . J o n e s 
________ 723-6211________ 

DISTRIBUTION 
WAREHOUSE 
SPACE 
Prime location in San A n ­ tonio's finest industrial 
Pork-at the lowest m arket rotes. Can handle up to 
-5o,G8G-s^uore feet. For in ­ form ation call 
RICHARD 
(HARRISON or 
H O IT 
ATHERTON at the 
H EN R Y S. 
M ILLER CO* 

REALTORS 

826-3251 

F L Y IN G R R A N C H looking for (ust the right ursa and acres on which to build your dream home for either now or in the future? Well, look no further 
We hove tracts ranging from 2o' acres and up ana starting at 
SI6oo per acre 
Just 15 min. 
North of San Antonio on Hwy., 
281 Beautiful views, paved roods, restrictions. Owner financing 
FLYING R REALTY 
1 - 4 3 8 - 7 4 2 9 
E v e s . 1 - 8 9 9 - 2 7 9 3 

2 -S to rv F r e e s t a n d in g b u ild in g w ith e x c e lle n t p a r k in g . M o n te 
Vista H isto ric A re a . U n iq u e with lots of c h a rm . P r im e corn e r. N N N 
Lease, zoned fo r office 
824-371o 

A B E A U T I F U L P A R K of y o u r own at M e d in a L a k e with nice homes. 
684 4211 
1-751-9943 
P I O N E E R R E A L T Y ____ lev A C R E S 
W ith c r e e k , la k e , c a b in n e a r 
Boerne. 
C O O K E 
R E A L T Y 
923-2/12_____________________________ 
B e a u t ifu l w a t e r f r o n t - e x c it in g view . U ltim a te in lu x u r y livin g. 
O ver 2ooo so ti with g o m e room , fun! boat facilities (the best), 125 ll fish in g pier. O n e of the finest hom es on 
L a k e 
L B J . 
$85,ooo. 
915-388 4o42 
B O B J O N E S , R E A L T O R S 

F O R L E A S E ; I SOO sq.ft. m e ch an ­ ic a l s h o p o r w a r e h o u s e w ith p a r k in g a n d f e n c e d y a r d in M 
Zo ne . $ 3 5 o m o . p l u s u t ilit ie s . 
Carlton H a ge lste m , Jr. 223-6331 
F o r lease, 5ooo sa.ft w arehouse, with 5oo sq.ft. of attice space, IM35 and L a n a rk , a c r o s s fro m W ind sor 
P a rk M olt, 12c p e r sq.ft. 341-3378. 

G a ra ge 12oo sq.ft. + v d $135,1614 
S. P re sa. 433-7283, 436-o923. 

2.35 A C R 6 S - L O L K H I L L R O 
O w n e r c a r r y with sm all dow n 
Zoned sin gle fa m ily d w elling 
736 1766 
828 o6*5 
333 1163 
W A T S O N A SO N R E A L T O R S 
A T T E N T IO N D E V E L O P E R S 
3 a c re t r a c ts w ith o a k s. Se ttle d e xclu siv e a re a, fine resid e nces. 
M A C R E A L E S T A T E 828 2521 
B e a u tifu l h illsid e c o u n try lot in lo r g e s u b d iv is io n . !.o44 a c r e s , m in u te s fro m S o u th w e st T e x a s 
M e d ic a l C e n te r, U S A A , U T S A , 
K elly A F B , L a c k la n d A F B P a v e d streets, c liv utilities. C all 492-9946 for inform ation. 
______ 

H ill c o u n t r y - K e r r v ille a re a . 25o a cre s P a rtly g a m e p roo f fenced 
W o u ld m a k e e x c e ll e n t e x o t ic gam e ranch. W ill sto ck a nd m a n ­ age for you. E x c e lle n t w hite tail d e e r h u n tin g. 5175,ooo. W ill fin- oncc. 1-866-3471 ___________________ 

COMAL COUNTY 
HILL COUNTRY RANCH 
4 85 oak studded acres 
35 mi. North of San A n­ tonio near Canyon lake. 
Spring fed tank, creek, deer, cleared of most cedar. 
Nearly 
I mile county road frontage. 
$ 8 5 o per acre. 
FLYIN G R REALTY 
I - 4 3 8 - 7 4 2 9 
I v e * 1 - 8 9 9 - 2 7 9 3 

T C I i m 
3 bedroom , 2 bath, cent a ir-h e a t all brick hom e on I 95 a cre s. 24x32 b a rn 
35 m in. South. B v O w n e r. 
1-663-4837 ottei 4:3o 

CA N YO N L A K E 
M O B IL E LOT 
1o.ooo sq. ft. fantastic view. Pool, boat ra m p n e a r by. 514oo, $1oo down, 78 mo. at 521.43 A P R 8% . 
M E L M IL L E R 
226-2324 

BOCK HOM E, 3 -3 -2 . on tr««- covered knoll, 
3.8 9 acres, m any special features. 
579 9oo. 
COUNTRY HO M ES, 3 -2 -2 , with views, under construction, close-in. 
Rock and brick, fireplaces, on 4 and 5 acre tracts. Price $ 5 3 ,9 o o 
IA R G ( 
ACREAGE, up te 3 2 o acres, in K endall a nd B andera 
Co’s. $ 9 5 o acre up. 
S M A II ACREAGE Tracts In 
M ountain Spring Farms. 

H ill COUNTRY Rf A U Y 
42 4 M ain St.. Boerne, TX, 
(512) 249-2o31 Collett. 

L a rg e c o rn e r retail store, carp et­ ed. 1888 F r e d e r ic k s b u r g Rd . $315 
344-o246, 342-oo84._________________ 
BABCOCK VILLA APTS. 
3o19 Fredericksburg Road 

EFFICIENCIES, I, 2, 3 B E D R O O M 
APTS. Convenient living at moderate prices ranging from $ 1 55 . to $365. 
Fully equipped. 
2 
Pools, 
Tennis 
Courts. FURN. OR UNFU RN. RATES. 

H IL L 
C O U N T R Y 
N E A R 
K E R R V I L L E 
4 bedroom . 2 bath, lodge, te n n is c o u rt. O n 25 a c r e * o r m o r e . 
51oo,oo8. I 866-3471_________________ 

H w y 46, close to 281. 2.5 a cre s, 2oo ti front 34 4 9 5 5 8 
______________ 
L O O P 41o A T B A N D E R A 
W A R E H O U S E S - O F F IC E S - S T O K E S 
3743 C O L O N Y D R A T IH-1o 
1H-35 N O R T H A T W E I D N E R R D 
F R E I L I N G 341-3159 342-7134 
49 W O O D E D A C R E S 
J u st m in ­ utes from IH iQ wtth o ld e r W ee kend house a nd stone fruit cellar, so m e field land, lots of w ildlife 
L O O K I N G 
F O R 
A C R E A G E H O M E S I T E S ’ 
5 w o o d e d a c r e s lu s t n o r t h o l 
Boerne, water well in a n d fenced. 
R e a d y to build on. 

H O U R 
N O R T H 
O F 
S A N 
A N T O N IO 
94o a c re s , liv e c re e k , r a n c h o r sub-divide. 
C O O K E 
R E A L T Y 
923-2712_____________________________ 

Investors: 
I Brie or better, on Nogalitos St. 
Good location for shopping renter 
- Dr’s office, etc. Hites 494-1832. 

FOR SALE! 
Several apartments to choose from 1o-25, or more, borthside or Southside 
(all for details. 
Nites. 494-1832. 

Grocery Stores 
One in operation with living quarters. Others fully equipped, ready to go. Both have rental in­ come. Nites, 735-4128. 
349-4343 

O F F I C E W A R E H O U S E 
N S, 2 m i. north L o o p 41o, close to a irp o rt, 1188 sq. It., 1348 sq. ft. 
A stro In v e stm e n ts C o. 344-8388. 

I bedroom rustic cab in with fire­ place , e x c e lle n t v ie w of L a k e 
518,ooo. A. Jon es 497-3571. 
L a r g e t r e e c o v e r e d lot, m a g ­ nificent view, p ave d streets, lo ve ­ ly h om e s on both sid e s E le c tric i­ ty and telephone. H o rse s p e rm it­ ted. P ric e d right, 
658-3535 A nytim e 

C A N YO N L A K E 
This ideal 7ox1oo b u ild in g tot with club, te n n is c o u rt, s w im m in g p pool and boot la n d in g p n v e ie d g e s can easily be yo u rs. O n a p ave d street, th is lot slo p e s ge n tly up word, from front to bock. U nder 
$2ooo O w n e r w ill fin a n c e w ith 
$5oo down. N ite s 656-8218 
655 6848 
D A Y O R N IG H T 

IF you ow n p ro p e rty a n y w here, w h e re y o u c a n 't a f fo r d to se ll b e c au se of capitol g a in tax, but you w o u ld like to e x c h a n g e fo r som ething else............................ 
P e rh a p s we can h elp you. 
D E V A U L T A A S S O C . 349-2677 
P ro p e rty M a r k e t in g -E x c h a n g e 

Retail Space 
195 A C R E S , $ m i. N .W . of C a s ­ troville. S tro n g sp rin g r u n s thru the place, excellent place fo r lake. 
$7oo per acre. G ood term s. 
162 A C R E S , 5 mi. N.W. of D 'H a n is . 
$52$ p er acre, good term s. 
117 A C R E S , 9 mi. N .E. of H ondo, 
29 a c re s in field, qood well, good hunting 57So per acre. E xce lle n t term s. 
153 A C R E F A R M , 5 m i w e st of 
Hondo, go o d well, old house, $7oo per a cre with good term s. 
4,155 A C H E S , 12 m i. n o r t h of 
Sabinal. 4 w ells. I 'a mi. of Sa b in a l 
R iv e r , e x c e lle n t h u n tin g , g o o d r a n c h la n d 
$35o p e r o c r c w ith good term s. 
C L A U D E S C H U E H L E R E A L T Y 
I t l l I7 T H S T R E E T 
H O N D O . T X . 
78861 
512-426-2412 
517-426-251o 
M E M B E R T E R A _________ 

3.9 A C R E S , S o u t h B e x a r C o . 
3-Bedroom , 2-botb b ric k hom e. A ll electric, lots of e xtra s, o rc h a rd . 
H ydro p on ic gre en hou se 2 6 'X t3 2 ’. 
Sa m C am p b ell, 656-7667.__________ 

N O R T H E A S T , in s id e L o o p 41o near R ittim an Rd. E x c e lle n t loca­ tion. Suited to b e a u ty shop office sp a c e , r e s t a u r a n t o r c le a n e r . 
828-6343, e v e s 653-9596 

C lo s e In 
C o u n try living, few m ile s north of tow n 
L a rq e o ak stu d d e d tract, w a fe r sy ste m , e le c . t e le p h o n e sc h o o l b us, p a v e d r o a d s 
N e w are a, e a sy a c c e s s ta U S A A a n d 
U T SA . Coll R u v W ood, 497 375 1 or e ves 822 9355 
__ 

R E A L T O R S 
1o5 So un d ers, B oe rne , Tx 
249-3526, 
749 784o. 
249-8266 
S A. direct line 824-9H 2 

R E A L T O R S -R o n d o ip h Otc 

Cornell!,s t Associates 
Q u ie tly s e c lu d e d in W o o d la w n 
H ills. B u ild n ow o r h old fo r in ­ vestm ent T e rm s a vaila b le 53,8oo to $6ooo P a v e d streets. A ll u tili­ ties. N e a r Sch o o ls and shopp ing. 
N e a r B a n d e r a R d a n d B e n r u s 
D r. F o r d etails cull L o u is Flo re s, 
732-224J.______________________ 

Sm all retail store, 1832 B ia n c o Rd 
$9o. 344-o246, 342-oo83. 
_ 
5.25 A c re s 8 m ile s sau th of K e r r ­ ville. G ood Tree s, b u ild in g sites, electricity a vailable, a ll w e ath e r r o a d , m o b ile s a llo w e d . 
N o t 
R o u g h . B y O w n e r, $1oo d o w n , 
$73.98 m o n t h ly 
D a y s c o ll 
1-5 12-8 96 -2 52 5. 
N i g h t s 
COM 
1-512-257-641 1 or 1-512-257-3oo1. 

12oo S Q .F T . m e ta l b ld g . la r g e overh ead door, N W , in L eo n Val- ley. $15o mo. 733-7457______________ 

C o u n t r y liv in g , C a s t r o v i lle , I acre, app rox 3.ooo sq.tt *91,5oo. 
684 4747B. Zoller, Realtor681 1492 
Attention H o rse L o v e r s 25 a c r e s irrigate d coastal, o v e r 25oo sa ft. 
3 bedroom rock hom e. 5 stall, tack room and g ro o m in g q u a rte rs a n d m u ch more. O w ne r financed. 
344-6268 
684-5768 
341-4566 

F o r sa le b y o w n e r, 5.66 ac. on paved rd I 899-7984, 341-2983 
U N IV E R S A L C IT Y 
R e t a il lo c a t io n in e s t a b lis h e d sh o pp ing center, 1,4oo sq. ft. Jack 
Alter 342-41S1.__________ __________ _ 
W a re h o u se , a p p r o x im a t e ly 3856 sq.ft., lo w e r flo o r of 14o F r e d e r ­ ic k sb u rg 
R d . 
$275. 
344-o246, 
342-oo84.____________________ 

L A R G E B U I L D I N G S IT E 
I m ile north from L o o p 16o4 N.W d e s ire d lo catio n , d e c o so il a n d w ooded a re a W ater, e le ctricity, and phone P a y m e n ts of $54 34 al 
7 % sim p le in t e r e st a fte r s m a ll dow n pm ! L e s Fe lle r. 679-7229. 

FURNISHED 

APARTMENTS 

Jeffe rso n a re a , 5ox165', con ven - ient school, best otter, 433 226o 
DEANIE 
OWENS CO. 
BEAlTOtS— MU 

Blanco Rd. Ole. 

L A M P A S A S A R E A 
124 A c r e s , n ic e h o u s e , b a r n s , la rg e sp rin g -fe d la k e 
T r a d e o r term s 
W E IR 
R E A L T Y 
(5t2> 
833-4518. 

L a r g e lot a n d ” off T h o u s a n d 
O a k s D r. $12,5oo. F IH M . 342-65o8 
C u sto m 3-2-7 a to p C a n y o n L a k e 
Is la n d 
A ll e le c , f a m il y - g o m e ro om with ro ck fire p la ce . 17x14 cou n try kitchen. 25oo sq.ft. p iu s dbl. gar. O v e r >j a c re with lake vie w fro m e v e r y w in d o w 
R e s ­ tricted area. 
*75,ooo. 
O w ner. 
1-512-935-2447_______________________ 
C an yo n Lake, choice c o rn e r lot, high on hill. 
B ea utifu l view, 
822-oo75. 
C a n yo n L a k e lot, b ea u tifu l vie w a nd hom esite. $38oo 696-7327. 

FURN.*. UNFURN. 

Family & Adult Sections 

2 Pools & Playground 

Rentals storting at 
$185 

I n c l u d i n g U t i l it ie s 

PAINTERS MIU 
52oo BLANCO 
349-2222 

R e sid e n tia l hom e site . I a c r e on 
R ic e R d . 565oo. H a s fe n c e a n d m etal barn. 924-81 16, 333 3429 
H Y A T T R E A L E S T A T E 
T E R R I F I C H O M E S I T E o n a b r e e z y h ill n e a r B a n d e r a R d 
732 4296 or 532-75oo N ite s 432-7954 
P E T E C A N T U R E A L E S T A T E 

F R O N ) 

5 + A cre s, out of the ra n c h con ta in in q the h e a d w a t e r s of the 
L IT T L E B L A N C O " . $3,875, 1o%, 
2o y e a r s lo p a y a t 8 % . B I L L 
H U G H E S B R O K E R 822 1236. 

8.ooo sa. ft. n ew m a s o n r y build ing for sole, n e a r e x p r e ss w a y , e a sy te rm s for stro n g b u y e r. 
9.ooo sa. ft., /M asonry b u ild in g for lease, m onth to m o n th o r long term. 
4,5oo sq. ft. far lease. 
P E A C O C K , R E A L T O R S , 824-o511 

2o9 A c re s on C ou n ty R o a d - H o u se 
Well- B a r n s 
P e n s J o in s L a rg e 
R a n c h - G o o d H u n t in g • O w n e r 
Financed. G ood T e rm s - Colt 512 - 
257-5369. Atter 6:oo P M .__________ 

C om p act brick 3 7’ ?-2 O n J a c re s w ith f ir e p la c e , la r q e p a t io , c o v e r e d p o r c h a n d o n o ffic e 
B ea utifu l ya rd , fe n c e d a re a for horses. B u lv e rd e Schools. $55,ooo. 
C all Jim Honlev. B ro k e r. 

 r D O W N TO W N COMMERCE ST. 
Fronts on 2 streets Heavy traffic count, loned “O' AND "K". Building 
54oo sq. ft Paved parking for SO 
(ars. Includes 2 rental homes. 
Owner may tarry. 

N W SAN ANTONIO 
Double sized lot. Zoned "C". Traffic count 26,o9o — 24 hours. Easy terms. 

Monthly 
125.86 A C R E S 
S o u t h o f D e v i n e - w i f h o i l b r ic k h o m e , 3 b e d r o o m s , 2 b a t h s , f i r e p l a c e , d e n , f e n c e d . T h i s h o m e h a s it a ll! 
S i t u a t e d o n h i g h h il l o v e r ­ lo o k i n g C o u n t r y s id e . D e e r - f i s h i n g t a n k - a u a i l a n d e tc . 
B e a u t if u l p la c e . 
A t t e n t io n C o m m u t e r s 
W e h o v e m a n y 4 - 2 - 2 a n d 
3-2-2 h o m e s in W e d g e w o o d 
E s t a t e s . I b l o c k f r o m g o lf c o u r s e . $ 3 2 , 5 o o to $ 4 2 , 5 o o w it h f i n a n c i n g a v a i la b l e . 

A lm o st A n A c re ! $9oo w ith only 
$1oo down. *36.18 p e r m o nth fo r 24 m onths at 8 % A P R L A K E C R O F T 
R E A L E S T A T E 342 1661__________ 

I C I — 
J A. D E S S 
B ro ker, B u y o r Sell for Y ou. Call: 
226-8357 
342-9338 ____ 344-9424 
N O LIA S! 

TENNIS COURT 
ADULT LIVING--NO PETS 

W&RfftN HOUSE 
3 2 2 ? N.W. lo op 41o 
"• I interjection of D e o lw t t anti a cte d rood 4 1 o " 

3 4 2 - 4 o 2 9 

C a n y o n L a k e , p r e s t i g io u s la - ke vtew h o m e $63,ooo. W e e k e n d hom e $21,5oo. L a k e v ie w lots 525oo nnd $45oo W a te rfron t lots $1o,5oo a nd 
$14,ooo. 
L a k e h o m e 
R e alty 
I 964-319o 

3oo-3o8 W. J o se p h in e St. 2 bldg*. 
A p prox. 4,WW a n d 4,ooo sq ft. O f­ fice s, w a r e h o u s e o r re ta il. W ill 
'e ase all o r p u r l C a ll 822-9529 

6ox136 lot G la sg o w N e a r S E M ili­ tary and IH J7 S. $2ooo 924-8116, 
732-2466 
H Y A T T R E A L E S T A T E _____ 

497-3621 
R E A L T O R S 
1 + 138 7442 
C O U N T R Y L IV IN G ! 
B ig 3-2-tlen, h uge fireplace, o nly 3 y e a r s old. O n 5 f r e e s t u d d e d a c re s B la ck to p ro a d on 3 sid es. 
Fence, cross-fen ce d 
P le asan ton , 
Texas, 349-65o3. 494-2o4o 

M E D IN A L A K E A R E A 
2oo ac. good road fron tage, ro llin g black soil. P e r Ac. $1ooo. 
45 ne. nice h o m e sife s off p a v e d road, la rge oaks. P e r A c. *12oo. 
13o ac. 't m ile ro a d front, b e a u ­ tiful land, oaks. P e r Ac. SHOO. 
M O F F E T T L U M B E R C O 432-7881 
"F a rm 8 R a n c h R e a lt o r s " 

7 m i from C a n y o n L u k e , 5.9 a cre s, both sid es p e rm a n e n t creek, h u ge t r e e s , h ig h v ie w . J im A s h l e y 
Re alty 226-7774 
________________ 
1822 W. O L M O S , zo n ed B-3, rea r building, fe nced lot, p le nty p ark- ing, 52oo. 69Q-oC86.________________ 
Clear, im p ro ve d lots no. 176 and no. 177, S C E N I C H T S , C a n y o n 
Lake tor excellent c a r o r p icku p 
Cull 512-762-348o 

N E A R B O E R N E 
O n IH IO, b eautiful lot 99 X 185, n a tu ra l ga s. e le c tric ity , c e n tra l woer, septic tank. 69o-o352. 
BOB MCGINNIS 
REALTORS 
349-6211 

SOUTHWEST OF PLEASANTON 
423 acre irrigated 
Coastal 
Bermuda farm 
Mony barns, sheds, pens, ell larqe Carrizo ir- ngation well with pump, engine, pipe, and trailers. All minerals, VS royalty. Immediate possession. 
Price $ 7 oo per acre 
WEST OF CHARLOTTE 
5? acres fronting county road, all rn Coastal Bermuda, barns, pens, qood fenced. I watei well, oil pro­ duction of about $85o per year 
Immediate possession 
PRICED $4o,ooo 
HAVERLAH REAL ESTATE 
Corner H igh w a y 281 A 
G ood w in St. 
Pleasanton, Texas 
Telephone 

San Antonio: 
626-21 11 
Pleasanton: 
569-2527 
S6 9-2487 569-2o26 

' e x ; A M * K T S C E N T S vw T1 * 

 kl) 

E x c lu siv e R e c re a tio n a l M e m b e r ­ ship, P rop e rty N R Del R io W orth 
S575o. O nly S5ooo. C all B D a v is 
782-8116 
C ou n try living, 9 m ile s L o o p CIO. a ll b ric k , 3 b e d ro o m s , 2 b a th s, fireplace, g a rd e n ro om , 3 a c re s, tented. N o dow n V a, w ill trad e 
B O B D c P A O L O 
532-5251_________________ R E A L T O R 

M e d in a R iv e r fro n ta g e , o n ly IS m in . f r o m S . A . H u g e o a k s , pecans. $1,3oo. per acre. 
D E V A U L T & A S S O C , 349-2677 
P rop e rty M o rk e t m g -E x c h a n g o 
' M O U N T A IN H O M E 
* 
, 275 A cre s, with cab in , b a rn and well. E x c e lle n t h u n t in g . V e r y good lem s. W E IR R E A L T Y (512) 
833-4518.___________________ _________ 
~ 
N E A R P O T H 
15o a c re s plus good hou se , c oa stal a nd pasture, public w afer, 2 stock ponds A Steal at 555o p er acre. 
622-3363. 
R E N F R O R E A L T Y 

IN D U S T R IA L L O T S ’ z A c re rind up, Z o n e d l l; f u lly d e v e lo p e d . 
V.I.P. P o rk . E a s y te rm s. 433-1489. r 
• Mixed Dunk dub 
* , facilities 

P * 
• Gym and Free {M K H * 
Wftj 
(losses 

• B e a u ty Shop 
. 
• Spurn; Whirlpool 
| • I emit Courts 3 pooh 

• Frost Free itfrioerators 
^ 
• IO Minutes to • 
, 
D o w n to w n 

4o32 I. Southtross 
337-5242 

N ea r U T SA , M e d ic a l C enter, etc., 
(m e h om e site w ith w a le r. $55oo 
T r e e s , lo r g e l u x u r y c u s t o m h om e s all a ro u n d you A b a rg a in . 
M B G 
Real 
Estate, 
342 1661 or 
679-715o_____________________________ 

Ft. C la r k S p r in g s m e m b e rsh ip , tontoslic b uy 822-3441. 
N e a r L a c k la n d . E x c e lle n tly su it­ ed fo r a p a r t m e n t s . C a i! W .B . 
Kietfer 341-9191 

IOO F T 
G U A D A L U P E R i v e r fro n ta g e - N ic e im p r o v e m e n t s , w ell with p r e s s u r e p um p , g io n t trees. 1-425-4821 C 
L E E S M IT H 
L A N D CO 

Devine, T e x a s 
1-663-4558 
SA Direct line 626-12oo 
13 A C R E S - T E X A S V E T 
B ig tree s-gam e 
IO mi. south of Loo p 41o 
227-o227 W A T S O N A SO N 628-1262 
IO A C R E S -W e st of 16o4. E xce lle n t soil. 15 yr. o w n e r fin a n c e . C a ll 
349-241 ), eve 341-1855____________ 
B E A U T I F U L B L D G S IT E 
>5 m in. south-2oo a c re s good fa rm la n d 
227-o227 W A T S O N & SO N 6 28 -I2 62 

248 • OFFICE SPACE FO* LEASE 

NO W LEASING 
OFFICE WAREHOUSES 
25o SPENCER LANE 
{Wonderland Area) 
3 Different Rates: 
* 
Month To M onth $25o 
Per Mo. 
* 
6 M o n th s $ 2 35 Per Mo. 
* 
I Year af $235 Per Mo. 
+ 13th Mo. FREE 
7 3 5 - 1 6 o 9 
8 2 8 - 5 5 5 1 

5 a c re s at the too of a hill N e a r 
B oe rne with a 4 b ed roo m . 3 bath hom e for only $9o,ooo. 
341 4491 
N ites 684 4)54 496 7892 
G E O R G E F L O O D , R E A L T O R 
JWarshaU 
Meadows 

 n o F T O N L A K E P L A C I D , 3-2 w ith fire p la c e . $59,5oo. B o b b ie 
A n d e rso n , G R E I N C A M R B E L L 
R E A L T Y , S.A 458 5131. 1-379-2634 

J u s t o p e n e d , 2 to 5 a c t r a c t s . 
R o llin g O a ks E states, con ven ie n t 
U T 5 A -L .A F .B 
P re -d e v e lo p m e n t p r ic e s fro m *3,ooo ac. L o w dn. 
W o o d e d r e s t r ic t e d h o m e s if e s . 
Electricity, p a v e d streets, no city taxe s 673 7827, 684-7395, 432 o32o. 

o.7 o A C - S O U T H E A S T 
A p p ro x . o.7o ac, lo cate d on the 
South sid e of U S H w y 181 betw een 
K ilo w a tt a n d A t k in s -E lm e n d o r f f 
R d s . , a c r o s s f r o m C a l a v e r a s 
Lake. 7.25 mi. S E. fro m L o o p 41o. 
Tile b ld g c on ta ining app rox. 3,8oo sq.ft., now b e in g u se d a s a lou nge 
3 sm a ll m a s o n r y h o u se s, w a te r w ell a n d se v e ra l ty p e s of tree s. 
G ood location for v a rio u s typ es of busin e sse s. 
Walter P. Seisure Realty 
333-4971 
653-2254 
532-7144 

A U S T IN H W Y 
34o’ on A u stin H w y. 18,ooo sqft. total N o w r e s id e n t ia l— w ill se ll subject to rezoning. 
$52,5oo. 
655-7713 
T A N G L E W O O D R E A L T Y 

C O U N T R Y L IV IN G 
B y O w ner 2-2-2. la rg e m obil h om e on ' m ere. fenced, patios, g o ro g e , w o rksh o p . IH -1o N W . v e r y n ea t a nd clean 523,9oo. 698-26o4 eves. 
NEW HOMES IN 
NORTHWEST SAN 
ANTONIO 
CO M IN G SO O N 

ANOTHER FINE 
RAY ELLISON 
COMMUNITY 

6 8 1 - 3 o 2 o 

This choice lot o v e rlo o k s b ea uh fu l 
L ake T ra v is con be y o u rs! Y e a r round golfing, fishing, b o o lin g a nd h o rse b ac k rid ing, c a m p g ro u n d s and m arina, chu rch , sc h o o ls and lovely h om es in a rc o 
N ile s 
656-8212 
655-6848 
D A Y O R N IG H T 

N ew B ra u n fe ls H o m e s-A c re a g e 
Settee! 8I, A sso c. R e a lty 
395 Lan d a, N e w B ra u n fe ls 
625-8o78 or S.A. 658-1477 

O L D C O U N T R Y H O M E - 5 A c re s, rem odeled rea l nice, ga rd e n . 7o' gre e n h o u se , 3 B e d ro o m , I bath, 
B y O w ner 542,ooo. 923-1884 

D O U B L E W ID E M O B I L E H O M E 
G a r a g e , o u t b u i l d i n g s , l a r g e wooded lot. 3o mi. of S A. W E I R 
R E A L T Y (512) 833-4518___________ 

B U Y E Q U IT Y . A s s u m e lo a n on 
1oo a cres, A ta sc o sa Co. H u n tin g c a b in , d e e r, q u a il, d o v e a n d 3 good fish in g tanks, go o d sta b le s a n d p e n s. L o t s of C o a s t a l a n d good fences 
H U G H E S 8 B R IS C O E 
924 4331 
R E A L T O R S 
675-o696 

B y owner, 183 a c re s b ru sh land, good hunting, A ta sc o sa Co n e a r 
C am p b ellto n, $6oo. a c re w ith all m in e r a l r ig h t s. A ft e r 5p m a n d weekends, 534-19o3.________________ 

O w ner financed with sm a ll dow n paym ent, 392 a c re s c o m b in a tio n fa rm a n d ra n c h n e a r Y o a k u m , with excellent deer h unting, riv e r b o tto m la n d 
S o m e i m ­ p rove m en ts O n ly 565o p e r a cre . 
W IL L IA M S R E A L T Y , Taft, Tex. 
512-528-2o11 or 512-528-3oo9. 

E A S T C E N T R A L A R E A 
46 a c r e s b e a u tifu l b r ic k h o m e , nee ds fin ish in g, h u g e o a k tree s, good fences, w o rk sh o p , se e this- m ake offer. 
648 333oLG R I P P S R L T Y 648-o448 

R E P O S 
T a k e o v e r p a y m e n t s 
T h e ir lo s s is y o u r g a in ! 1972 p ric e s Adjacent to C a n y o n L ake. 
Call M y ro n L. M a p le s, b rok e r. 
342 18o8_____________________________ 
3 ACRE BASS LAKE 

o6.8 ACRES-KCRRVILK AREA 

Spring fed to ke , storked, 1 / 2 m ile 
State H w y. fro n tag e Half cleared, 

 rest w ooded O a ks, rh e rry, w olnut 

 and Ju n iper. Flats, hills and broad 

 canyons. Accessible, ye t rem ote. 
New fencing. I? miles to River Hill 

Country Club. SO m iles ta San A n ­ 

 tonio. 
S I 2So per ocre. 
O w n e r 

 finance. 
Center Point, 
1-634-7193 

P R E S T IG IO U S O F F I C E S P A C E 
In g ro w in g N.W . se c to r R e a so n a ­ ble rates. G re a te r S.A. Su ite rs 
Assoc. 
8925 N.W . IH-1o. 696-38oo. 

H ill C o u n try 5 c e re s. 5425 dow n paym ent, $64.3o per m onth M a n y trees, rolling hills. O w n e r fin a n c ­ in g a v a ila b le . C a ll fo r a p p o in t ­ ment 734 7-J64 

O v e r 2 ac. tor m obile or bldg. N E al S A. all utilities. 656-1589________ 
B u y these 5 acre tracts w hile they la s t. P a v e d r o a d s , a p p r o v e d w aler system , g a rd e n type soil 
344-6268 
341 6566 
923-5844 

A p p 4o A c re s L eo n C re e k, w ells, e le c t r ic it y , n e w f e n c e 
M a n y m a ny P ecan frees. S o m e C u ltiv a ­ tion. A d ja c e n t to K e l ly F ie ld . 
515oo per acre. R e a so n a b le D o w n p a y m e n t. F in a n c e d b v o w n e r . 
695-89o5; 695-32o5. 

BLDGS FOR SALE 
B Y O W N E R , 25o a c re s rn D u v a ll 
County. 681-1o84 
_________ 
B Y O W N E R - 64o a c r e s w ith im - p r o v e m e n t s. 3 b e d r o o m h o m e , pens, fences, 2 w e lls p lu s an ir ­ r ig a t io n s y s t e m . 9o a c r e s of c le a r e d la n d , s p r in g fed tan k. 
Deer, tu rk e y quail, d ove Locate d in M c C u llo u g h Co. with a view of the San S a b a R iv e r, P ric e d to sell. 
*45o acre. C lifford G ru b b s, B ra d y , 
Tx I 915-597-2138 

A p a r t m e n t ll a cre s with a p p ro x 13oo ft fro n ­ tage on IH IO E a s t L iv e o aks. elm , 
6 
W a te rlin e , f lo w in g s p r in g s , could be m a de into c ry st a l c le a r lake. N iles 824-6574. 
Land Locators of Texas 
S.A. 667-1154, 667-1333 

C on a rra n g e to m o ve 4 insulated wooden office bldgs, H a v e c e n tra l a ir -h e a t , r e s t r o o m s , s e c u r it y w in d o w s. B L D G S S I Z E S : 1464, 
1339, 1253, 18oo sq ft 
349-1111-8 5 P M -M r . Sp ie lon 

H a n d s o m e g a r d e n o f f ic e s fo r creative m ind s. In fo rm a l, reason a b ly p ric e d . C o n v e n ie n t at 1938 
N E L o o p 41o. L e a sin g . 826-3251. 
H e n ry S. M ille r Co. R E A L T O R S . 
Choice Office Sp a c e ISO sq.ft. up. 
On N ew N o rth E x p r e s s w a y near 
A ir p o r t . 
R e a s o n a b l e r a t e s . 
C o v e r e d p a r k in g . A ll c o n v e n - iences. C oll 344 3456 w e e k d a y s 

L ak e P la cid Estate, Se guin , lake- front property, 2 sto ry house, boat dock 
• 
684-4747B. Zoner. Reahor684 1492 

L a k e D u n la p C ottage. E x c e lle n t condition. C lo se to SA . G o o d tor b o a t in g , s k ii n g o r s m a l l r e - sidence. N o city taxes. 533-7566 

6 5 3 - 7 3 o o 
R E A L E S T A T E I N C 

 a p a r t m e n t s le asing D oily 9-6; Sunday 
1-6 
1 Bedroom $1 SO 
2 Bedroom $22o 
FURN.-UNFURN, 
All 
Utilities 
Paid large playgrounds. 
Basketball 
Goal, 
Shuffle board, lighted tennis court, 3 large swimming pools. 
Near Brooks A F B State Hospital, 
Pecan Valley Golf Course. 
T r u ly t n e b e s t r e n t a l v a l u e in t o w n . 
2715 Losses 
333-5339 

E X C E L L E N T F O R 
S U B D IV IS IO N , 64 A C R E S 
F u lto n , n e a r S a n P e d r o , a ir, 4 roam s, $9o. 226-7313, 732-7S8o 
6 3 'z a c r e s in p e a n u t a llo tm e n t, south of town, C all today, nites 
735-4128 
349-4343 A n y tim e 
Z O N E D B l, 73oo B la n c o Rd 
655-2)o3 o r 342-7o93 
F u r n . B a c h e lo r A p t. H e at, a ir c a r p e t - p o o l. $12o. B i l l s o d 
824-7814 o r 828-9o9o aft 6 P M 

5 m ile s IH 35 t o w a r d N e w 
B ra u n fe ls on 2 g o o d c o u n ty ro a d s. 2 t a n k s, b la c k la n d , fe n c e d , tr e e s. W o t e r t in e s 
(rqnt and rear. O w n e r c a r r y 
Santex Co., R e a lto rs 653-o46o 

LAKE LBJ 
D I M M I T C O U N T Y , O u t sk ir t s of 
C a r r iz o S p r in g s , w in te r g a r d e n area, 5oo a c r e potential d e v e lo p ­ ment prop erty. C O O K E R E A L T Y 
9232712 
__ 

F u r n I b e d ro o m m obile hom e, a ir 
A u stin H w y. 822-7486 
L u x u r io u s , n o le a s e r e q u ir e d . 
Open daily. Office 3-SlQO; 5-5)35; 
9*14o; 
11-575 
696-833o. 
Hiles 
3 4 1 - 2 7 2 4 . _______________________ 

N S O F F IC E , B e a c o n C ircle , close to Airport. 6oo sq. ft. 344-8388. 

B E S T 
L O C A T I O N f o r s t r i p center, office build ing, etc. I to 2o acres, ad jac e n t ta new R e g io n a l 
Sh o p p in g M a il on N W L o o p 41o. inve stor prices-te rm s. 

R E A L T O R S - B la n c o R d , Ole 
F u rn . E f fic ie n c y apt., a ir, n e a r bus. 227-5179. A fter 7 735-37o2 
5oo p lu s a c r e s in M e d in a a n d 
B la n c o C ou n ty. E x c e lle n t g a m e and gra zing. O ther ra n c h e s and fa rm s available. 
R E A L T O R S 
824-6351 
S T E R L IN G B U R K E 

 feast W ilso n County, p a v e d ro ad front, a n d d u g w ell. t e le p h o n e electricty, gently slo pin g 2o a c re s ol deep sa n d y loam. J.. C u llm a n 
346-2341, 341-5o45 
B O B J O N E S , R E A L T O R 

598.5o F u rn is h e d I B e d ro o m Apt 
A ir. 2 B lk s K elly. C all A n y D a y O r 
Night. 7 a.m . ■ IO p.m. 922-o634 
Executive Hom esite 
L a rg e h e a v ily w o o d e d h o m e site a n c o r n e r 
E x c l u s i v e a r e a betw een Sa n P e d r o a n d B la n c o 
R d 
W a te r, e le c t r ic it y , p a v e d r o a d s . C a ll C h a r l e s B a i le y , 
497 3752 or eves 673 2552 
494 3443. A N Y T IM E 

D U P L E X L O T , p ric e d rig h t for q u ic k s a le . 
E s t a b l i s h e d neighborhood, n e a r N W side 
» 
• 

 a p t . S IT E , 4.5 a c re s, est p rice, best term s, su p e r location. 
• 
• 
A C R E S in exce llen t N W n eig- b o r h o o d , c o n v e n ie n t to M e d . 
School, ideal tor cu sto m hom e. 
Reduced 
824-371o 

Offices or Counseling 
Center, a p p ro x . 3,ooo sq.ft. air carpet, p a rt turn, central 
828-o665 
W a tso n & So n 
734-4)17 
O ffice sp a c e : re n t- le a se 
24o9 sq.ft., 25C per ft. 434-2391 

P R I M E I N E X P E N S I V E 
O F F I C E S P A C E 
N orthw est Sa n A ntonio. 68o sq.ft. 
Only *225 p er m onth. 3 offices plus kitchenette. W e ll d e sig n e d . C all 
C H A R L E S S C H N E I D E R 684-72oo. 
125o sq J t. o ffic e s p a c e o n Sa n 
Pedro nea r H o llyw o o d P a rk . $435 mo. 16272 So n P ed ro . 494-5213 
32oo 5q. Ft. Tastefu lly Im ish e d oh 
B la n c o R d . ju st p a s t L o o p 41o. 
P e rfe c t lo c a tio n . R e a d y fo r oc- cupancy. 5oc per sq.ft. 341-6267 

Will d e sign offices to suit tenon!, a m ple free p a r k in g . 46oo B ro a d - way. 828-2o2o, 824-6371.____________ 

$13J F u rn ish e d I B e d ro o m A p is, 
A ir, C all A n y D a y or E v e s. 7:3o 
A .M . ■ 9 P M . .133-1851._____________ 
Fu rn . or U n fu rn N e a r Dow ntow n, lu x u ry opt. 2-B ed room s, 2-Baths, inquire, 532-4115 o r after 6:3o pm , 
655-2852.____________________________ 

F U R N - U N F U R N : U t ilit ie s pd, sh a g , 2 pools, 5185 U P . P a in te rs 
M ill 52oo B la nco. 349-2222 

E D W A R D S C O U N T Y 
77o a c r e s with h ea d q u a rte rs of lo rg e ran ch. 
Hom e, well, go o d fences. 2 d irt tanks. 1 2 % dow n on 8 yr. note al 
6 % interest. 533o per ocre. M O R ­ 
R IS W IT T R E A L T Y Center Poin t 
634-2672 
_______________ _ 

P R E S T IG IO U S p riv a te office and fa c ilitie s fo r in d e p e n d a n t R e a l e st a t e b r o k e r , c o m m e r c ia l o r fa rm and ranch. 349-2677 
E D W A R D 3 R A N C H R E A L T Y 
B u y y o u r land from the n a tiv e s 
P IP E C R E E K , T X . 695-848o 

P R E T T Y L A K E , on this 3o a c re s lust off Hw y. 16. M a n y trees and lovely view. $5o,ooo. 
P IP E C R E E K R E A T L Y 695-3242 
M aricksburn 
L L A N O R IV E R . A p p ro x. 64 c e re s w ith 24oo' of the m o st b e a u tifu l r iv e r fro n ta g e in th is a re a . E x ­ cellent fish in g a n d h u n tin g ; w ill sell 15-2o a c re tracts. L oc ate d off 
H w y 87 N. 
S U N D A Y H O U S E . W ell built 2 be­ d room , I b ath hom e, just 13 m i. from F re d e ric k s b u rg an 43 sc e n ic a c re s w ith M ow ing creek, sp rin g s, and excellent hunting. H o u se h a s all m o de rn c o n ven ie n ce s, ce d a r- sh o k e roof, old fa sh io n e d r o c k fe nced y a r d a n d e x tra s t o r a g e bldg A beautiful p lace! $82,5oo. 
P I C T U R E S Q U E 43 1.3 A C R E 
R A N C H . H a s 6,211 ft. on R . M . 
Hw y. 2o mi. fro m F re d e ric k sb u rg . 
G ood hun tin g o r d evelopm ent p o ­ tential. *54o a e r acre. 

— R A N C H L A N D S — 
L a n d F o r A ll P u r p o se s 
No. 7 Flintslone, 78213 
344-9936 

2 acres, tree stu dd e d re sid e n tia l property, all city utilities, 3 m ile s n o rt h of 16o4, o ff S o n P e d r o . 
H o rse s allowed. 69o-95o2 

2 C o m m e rc ia l lots, A u stin Hw y, near 16oq. After 5pm 684-2233 
42 a cre live oak hills. J o in s h uge ranch, d eer-turkey. 5395 p e r ocre. 
Lib era l term s. 1-896-244o 

S P A C I O U S R O O M S O N F A I R ­ 
W A Y S O F 
P E C A N V A L L E Y 
G O L F 
C O U R S E . 
Pool, 
C lu b included. 
1 B E D R O O M , F R O M 5184. 
2 B E D R O O M , F R O M 5224 
3 B E D R O O M , F R O M 5239. 

C o m m e rcia l lots, all sizes, up to 34 acres. 
734-5434 C . P . K O S U B 342-o343 

E x x o n s e r v ic e s t a t io n , 'v a c a n t , cheap, b v ow ner, 
828-4452, 
826-519o_____________________________ 

• A U S T IN H W Y E F F I C I E N C I E S * 
B ls pd 522-37wk 824-19o8 655-2537 

• 2 BEDROBM-SI B S * 
A L L B I L L S P A I D 
3o2 w . H u iso ch e , c o rn e r of B e lk­ nap, w a lk lo b u s a n d all stores. 
B re n n e r C o. 344-3471 

6o A C R E S . I m ile r iv e r front, n a ­ tiv e p e c a n o r c h a r d . E x c e lle n t fishing, lots of deer, tu rk e y, a nd sq u irre l. T r u ly a "s p o r t s m a n 's p a ra d ise "! T e rm s. 

68o A C R E S . Fin e ran c h land, u n ­ im p ro v e d e xce p t fo r t a n k s a nd fe nces. G o o d d e e r a n d t u r k e y hunting. G ood term s, im m e d ia te possession. Call: 
G L E N N P A T T O N CO. 
223-8613____________________ 655-2255 

Landmark Realtors 
H o u se o n c o r n e r m a in a r t e r y , good for con ve rsio n , office- busm ess. 
M A C R E A L E S T A T E 828-2521 

HWY 78-MAKE OFFER 
26x5o b ld g p lu s lot, b u sy c o rn e r 
828-o665 
736-1766 
534-4439 
W A T S O N 4 S O N R E A L T O R S 

345o E . S O U T H C R O S S 
_________ 333-9o2o______________ 

J o in o u r c o m m u n it y w h e re all a g e s sh a re the good life. R e la x in the pool o r ioin yo u r frie n d s in the 
C lu b h o u s e . V e n t u r e o v e r to n e a rb y C e n tra l P a rk o r W o n d e r­ land The B o a rd w a lk o ffers 2 a nd 
3 b ed roo m a p a rtm e n ts from 5245 
5 % d isc o u n t to p e rso n s 55 y e a r s o r older. 
3536 W est A v e n u e 349-42o3 
B a r r y G illin gw a te r Co. 

L a r g e red e co rated 2 b ed room , 2 bath apl. E x q u isite ly fu rn in a n ­ tiques. C lo se SA C , conv. Ft. Sam 
*275. 
All b ills pd. 
341-6143 or 

L a r g e w ooded H illto p H o m e site w ith s p e c t a c u la r v ie w , l a r g e h e a v y O ak T re e s. U tilitie s p lu s w ater svslem , N orth of H o llyw o o d 
P ark, out San Pedro. T e rm s. To m 
Taylor 494-523? or 349-5723.________ 

I - 2 b e d ro o m s. A ll b ills pd. No 
Kids-no pets. S A C are a. 623 U H 
1o85 A C R E S H ig h ly im p ro v e d , I 
B ed roo m b ric k hom e, fo re m a n 's bouse, b arn, sheds, pens, c o rra ls. 
M a k e Otter! 
7ooo A C R E S , South T e x a s b ru sh . 
Exce llen t hunting. P ric e d rig h t 
39o A C R E S , E x c e lle n t Q u a r t e r h o rse ran ch, co m fo rta b le hom e, good turf of g r a s s 
881 A C R E S , K e r r C ou n ty, B e a u - frat lake, H iw a y frontage 
8oo A C R E S , stock farm . W ill trade for m otel o r W est T e x a s ran c h 
742 A C R E S , ir r i g a t e d , c h e a p water, long g ro w in g season. H igh c a rry in g cap acity 
R A Y M O N D 
B A Y L O R 
R E A L 
E S T A T E 
C a rrizo S p rin g s 1-876-5658 

H A V E C A S H B U Y E R S o ld e r h o m e s , a p t s n e e d in g re p a irs. J o h n B. E c c e ll, B ro k e r 
6o8 G un ter B ld g 226-7o31 824-8o23 

6315 B ro a d w a y , a ir conditioned, 
Studio Opt. 51o5. 826-7913._________ 
••• B u s s t o p s at d o o r, $8o, N E side, n ew ly decorated, 225-23)9. 
F IR S T T IM E O F F E R E D 1 
F o u r 
IS o c r e p a r c e l s . 
S o ld together or se p a ra te ly 52ooo per acre, in 
Sa n 
A n ton io n e a r 
RaiyJolph. 

256 BEAL ESTATE LOAMS 
C L O S E IN - O F F S A N P E D R O 
F u r n e f fic a p t s . A l! b il ls o d 
Adults. N o p ets o r children. $1o5. 
223-8921_________________ 

Sm ith so n s V alle y are a, m o d e rn 4 y r old, a p p ro x . 25oo sq.fl. 3 b e ­ d ro o m 2 1j b ath s. S w is s C h a le t home, com pletely carp eted , cen ­ t a i a ir heat, 5 and fwo-tenth acre, well, in te rc o m , b u ta n e . 595,ooo 
Qualified b uyer only. 494-7184. 
26oo+SQ . f*Tl 3 b ed roo m , 2 bath 
2-story that sits h igh on a hill to o v e r lo o k t h is 96 a c r e f a r m . 
Located 7 m ile s e ast of M o o re A beautiful hom e with e n o u g h lan d to get a w a y fro m it all. O w n e r a nxio u s and price re d u ce d to sell. 
H U G H E S 8 B R IS C O E 
924-4331 R E A L T O R S 
1-663-5597 

M A K E R E . L O A N S 8 % F i r s t liens. M a x 8 y rs . B u y notes le ss than 8 % w ith d iscount. 
A V. R o d rig u e z -B ra k e r 222-o98o 

75x197, paved, all util. 
828-o665 
736-1766 
734-4117 
W A T S O N & SO N R E A L T O R S 

N A C O G D O C H E S 
1.34 a c r e s r o a d fr o n t a g e , R R . 
C o m m e rcia l in d u stria l a re a 
M A C R E A L E S T A T E 828-2521 
N.W. F R E D E R I C K S B U R G R D . 
3 acres-219 frontage sell o r lease, zoned B-3 
227-o227 W A T S O N 4 SO N 628-1261 

C ora l Sa n d s, 1515 W. Contour, (E of 57oo S a n P e d r o ) , a ir , p oo l, water od. 2 b e d ro o m s, turn. 5)6o. 
I B edroom , SIPS. 826-7913 

2 o 7 E . M a i n , F r e d e r i c k s ­ b u r g , T x . 7 8 6 2 4 
(5 1 2 )9 9 7 -4 2 5 4 
( 5 1 2 ) 9 9 7 1 6 1 5 
E A S T S I D E , I a n d 2 b d r m apt ch ild w e lc o m e , 933 B u rn e t, 3o9 
Willow, *85 a n d *7o. P lu s bills. 
344 84o2.________________ 

G A R D E N R I D G E A R E A 
IO b eautiful a c r e s fro n tin g b a c k paved ro ad with well and p um p. 
F e n c e d a n d t a n k . 
T e r m s negotiable. J.M . C utlinan 344-2341, 
341-5o45 
B O B J O N E S , R E A L T O R 

2 B ed roo m , ce n tra l a ir, h e a l $135. 
M o. $5o. D e posit. O n W W. White 
Rd. 333-91oo_________________________ 
L E T U S D O IT 
A n y s iz e , A n y w h e r e 1 W e fin d 
Y O U R A p a rtm e n t F R E E ! O w ne r p a y s fee. 
THE GO LD E N K E Y 
A p a rtm e n t L o c a to rs 828-5739 

F O R R E N T : N e a r L a c k l a n d : 
6o’X U ’, 2-b ed ro om *. 517o. month 
B ills paid. *5o d e p o sit. N o nets 
674-7518 fo r a p p o in tm e n t__________ 

Southeast nea r C a la v a r e s L ak e , n am e y o u r t e r m s 
W e w ilt con sider all otters. A sk in g $2975. L a 
Kccroll. Inc 927-7441 
________ 

825 E . C a r s o n . 585. B il l s p d 
D ep osit p a y la ter 227-4So4_______ 
R A IL S P U R R , 13 a cre s, zoned 1-2. 
Cheap. 
O w w n er financed. 
828-4452.______________________ 

E H ic ie n c e s, a ir, b us, sh o o s 53o wk. $125 mo. u p . B ills od Section 
8. 534-34o1, 434-9645. 
G onzales Co. 58o a c re s on the Sa n 
M a rc o s R iv e r, a w n er financed. 
D E V A U L T A A SSO C . 349-2677 
P rop e rty M a rk e tin g -E x c h a n g e 
19’ a A c r e s A lu m C re e k , C o u n ty 
R o o d Fro n ta ge . T a n k . 12 A c r e s 
C o a sta l. B a la n c e in b ig tre e s. 
$2o,ooo with S5ooo dow n, b alan ce 
2o y rs at 8’ 3%. 695-89o5; 695-32o5 

4 P L U S A c re s, go o d vie w , e le c ­ tricity. septic tank perm it. E x c . 
R o ad . 512,ooo w ith $2ooo d ow n. 
B alan ce 15 y r s a l 8' ? % . F in a n ce d by owner. 695-32o5; 695-89o5 

H E L O T E S S C E N IC L O O P A R E A - 
2.o37 acres, b ig o ak trees c o rn e r of J o h n W a g n e r R d . a n d M e r - nm qtide O r $15,5oo Aft 5 3 4 4 - n n 

 l-B e d ro o m , fu rn . carp e te d , oir, utilities ad *135. No children, no pets. W a lk in g d ish to Baptist, M o t r o p o lit a n H O S., L u b v s , M a in 
B an k. 226-8492. 

72x18 m e ta l a n d m a so n r y b u ild ­ ing. 1296 sq ft, zoned B3. N e w and clean. 
R u b y w righ t 
344-2361, 
342-5847 
B O B J O N E S , R E A L T O R S 

6o tree c ove red acres, coastal, 2 stocked tanks, pens, b arn, excel, lent ranting, p lu s nice h om e with fireplace, for 57o,ooo 
S T O N E W A L L , T E X A S 
Approx. 83 a cre s fron tin g on H w y 
29o. D ir e c tly a c r o s s f r o m L B J 
Slate P a i k. R e a d y fo r d e v e lo p m ent. F o r d e ta ils, a s k fo r M r . 
J aim e 333-o9oo 
Century 21 
D E L A N E Y R E A L T Y 653-o55o 
S WI FARM AMO RANCH 
R E A L 
E S T A T E , 
T h e r e a r e n um e rou s ran c h e s of 64o a c re s or la rge r in L A S A L L E A N D W E B B 
C O U N T Y that we think a re good in ve stm e n ts. F o r sp e c ific In f o r ­ m ation , call o r write 
L E E R. P E T E R S 
1-879-2759 
P.O. B O X 563, Cotulla, T x. 78o14 

6 L o c a tio n s c o n v e n ie n t to D o w n ­ tow n, M c C r e ie s s , B r o o k s A F B 
E ffic ie n c ie s, I a n d 2 B e d ro o m 
F ro m $125 mo. 533-948o, 533-o511, 
533-13oo_____________ 
_________ 
Land Locators of Texas 
Sa v e g a s m ile s! N e a r tow n con- venicne. 235 H o w a rd off HOO N 
M a in . ( - B E D R O O M F U R N . 1-Blk 
M o a n B a n k, L u b v s, E x p w a y , H o ­ spitals. 226-8492 

U V E B E T T E R F O R L E S S ! 
G R O U N D L E V E L D U P L E X E S 
F U R N . O R U N F U R N . 
E X C E L L E N T M A IN T E N A N C E 
H IG H L A N D H IL L S A P T S 
2931 E. S O U T H C R O S S 
534-88o8 
L o w e r a p t. c le a n , c o n v e n ie n t. 
M id d le a g e d o r older p re fe rre d 
141o W W oodlaw n, 732-652o. 

1235 E. M U L B E R R Y 
82 6 -5 o 8 1 
The b est lo cate d apt c o m p le x in 
Sa n A n ton io L a rg e , beautiful I o r 
2 b e d ro o m a pts, b ea u tifu l sw im ­ m in g pool a n d c o u rt y a rd . J u s t se c o n d s f r o m d o w n t o w n , n e x t d o o r to P f. S a m H o u s t o n a n d 
B r o o k A r m y M e d i c a l C e n t e r , 
Con ve nien t to B ra c k e n r id g e G olf 
C o u rse a n d t e n n is c o u rts. C o n ­ venient to a ll m a io r e x p re ss w a y s; 
IH35, IH37, IH IO a nd the new E x ­ p re ssw a y . R e a s o n a b le rates, a ll bills p a id ___________________________ 

S A L E O R L E A S E 
Cafe o r ta v e rn , C h o ice c o m m e r ­ cial p rop erty in n e a r W estside. 
923-5911 
F R A N K R. G O N Z A L E S , R e a lto r 
6ooo s a -ft. d o c to r s o ffice b ld g. 
Sm a ll dow n a n d ossum e . 
734-5434 C . P .K O S U B 342-o343 

T R I A N G L E L O T a t C o m m e r c ia l, P a n A m a n d 
Harlan. 
O n ly 
*22,ooo. 
349-65o3, 
I 654-6296 

 w ith lo rge oak frees, located on 
F l y i n g L R a n c h in B a n d e r a . 
P ric e d to sell 
"f a s t " ! 
(512) 
655-5794_________________________ 
ALAMO HEIGHTS S85 MO 
I bdrm , carpet, a ir, b ills pd 
828-o665 
W a tso n & So n 
734-4117 

99 a c re s sce nic stack ra n c h n e a r 
S e g u in a n d IH 1 o- A ll im p r o v e d g r a s s e s - g o o d w ell, 4 t a n k s E x ­ c e lle n t - la r g e b a r n , fe e d s h e d , w o r k s h o p , o u t b u ild in g b ld g s . 
F e n c e s . M o d e r n 3-2 -2 r a n c h hom e. M a r e v a lu e s. J u s t *1,5oo per acre. 
C A R L O S B R A W N E R R E A L T Y 
379-5947 
S E G U IN , T E X . 
SOI E. K in g sb u r y P.O. Box 1122 

H IL L C O U N T R Y R A N C H 
Tree covered, ro llin g gre en h ills and m eadow s, 37o a c re s o r less. 
38 m iles north of San Antonio. 5745 p e r a c r e . 
C a l l o w n e r 
B J. 
Barn hart, 1-251-4172 or 1-251-4634. 
P rin cip a ls o n ly ____________________ 

H ill C o u n try 5 a c re s. *425 dow n paym ent, $66.3o p e r m onth. M a n y trees, rolling hills. O w n e r fin a n c ­ in g a v a i l a b l e 
C a l l f o r appointm ent 734-79*4____________ 
H U L C O U N T R Y R E A L T Y 
424 M a in St. 
B oe rne , T x 
. 
(512)249-2o3) Collect 

APTS. F U R N I S H E D 

B A N D E R A a n d E V E R S R D . 
H I D D E N M E A D O W 
5959 W U R Z B A C H 
684-33)1_______ 
L u x u rio u s 1-2 bedroom s, B ills pd. 
5231 B ia n c o Rd. 341-4113. 

M E T R O H O U S E D O W N T O W N 
M O D E R N E F F I C I E N C Y F U R N 
512o. to 5)35. 213 4TH ST. 226-7333 
M O T E L e ffic ie n c y a p a r tm e n t s a n d r o o m s . B y d a y . w e e k o r m o n t h . 
D I2 -9 1 1 2 , 
P E 4 -6 7 6 7 , 
L E 2-o152, C A 7 -4 7 o 2 , N e a r Ft. 
Sam . TA2-1377. 

T E X A S V E T S 
IO A c r e s in E . C e n t r a l S c h o o ls w it h u t ilit ie s a v a i l a b l e . C a l l 
E m o ry Today. 
532-3252 
N I T E S 533-16o5 

W A N T P R I M E L O C A T IO N ? 
A c re a g e off P ro b a n d t a nd IMO 
Zo ning lo m eet b u y e r’s needs 
O w n e r c a rry , p ric e d lo sell 
736-1766 
828-o665 
333-1163 
W A T S O N A S O N R E A L T O R S 
W ell situ a te d in N e w B ra u n fe ls. 
A lm ost new 5ox125 m etal bldg, air c o n d itio n e d office, 2 re stro o m s, dock h igh o v e rh e a d door. P le nty of p a r k in g sp a ce . P r ic e d rig h t! 
1-629-14o1 o r 1-629-2145 

O n 4.5o6 a c r e s . 4 b e d r o o m , 2 b a th s, d en , g r e e n h o u s e , b a r n , la c k r o o m , c o r r a l a n d h o r s e staffs. Fe n ce d a n d C r o s s fenced. 
H u n d r e d s of 
O a k s , 
5 7 5 ,o o o . 
344-3o78. nites 341-8482 
D O N J O H N S O N , R E A L T O R S 

5 to 5o a c r e s n e a r P le a s a n t o n , u tilitie s, lo w d o w n , o w n e r f in ­ anced. A tra v a sa d a L 4 C Co. S.A. 
224-oo81 or P le asan ton 1-569-3382 anytim e. 
_ _ _ _ _ 
APTS. F U R N I S H E D 
N O L E A S E R E Q U I R E D 
Y ou can p a y y o u r m o n th ly rent In 
I, 2 or 3 p a y m e n ts. E n j o y color 
TV, rad io, bool, m a id -lin e n s e r ­ vice. All b ills pd W E E K L Y rates 
3414 F r e d e r ic k s b u r g Rd. 736-4444 
Century 21 
TO B U Y or S E L L C A L L 
69o-6563 
L Y N D O N B R O W N 4 A S S O C S 

R IT T I M A N R D . A T IH35 
THE F A I R D A L E 
66OO F A I R D A L E 
656-1oo1 

215 A c re s IO mi. L e a k e y T e x a s on 
H w y 337. B eautiful 8 ro om native ro ck hom e, 4 b ed roo m s, 2 baths, la rge fireplace. O n W esf Sa b in a l 
R i v e r . B a r n s , c y p r e s s , o a k . pecan. $24o,ooo, good term s. Colt owner, 1-991-8727, l-4»i-4B58 

W A K E F I E L D R E A L T O R S 
Fort Sam , 22o M a s o n St., 2-1, air, yard, Si 6o m o. 674 8169____________ 
! 2 to 4 a c r e s n o r t h . M o b i l e s , h o r s e s , Ok. $5o d o w n , $ 3 5 .8 5 m onthly. IO ye ars. M a g e e 342-25)6 
U P P E R S A B I N A L C A N Y O N 
145 a cre s-cre e k -d e n se w o o ds 
J.K. L E IG H T O N , R E A L T O R S 
V onderpool, 78885 
512-966-34oo 
Near Brackenridge Park 
F u r n is h e d e f f ic ie n c ^ a o l. B il 
24 to 83 A cre s, S. B e x a r, util, $775 ac re. b y owner. 922-7627___________ t o * t m i i A s t f s r s r s u i t s 
O N A W A N T AO 
IM I N U M B te t o C A II 
IS 225-1 OOO 
( X PRI SS A N D N I W S 

8o3 W H I L D E B R A N D 
IS IS B A S S E R D 
2143 B A N D E R A R D 
12519 S A N P E D R O 
B Y O W N E R 
__________73 

 fO R TAST (((SU ITS 
PLACE YO U R W A N T AD 
IN THE EXPRESS N EW S 
C A IL 2 2S -1 6 6 6 

PLACE YOUR W A N T AD 
IN THE EXPRESS N EW S 
C A U 775 1666 

THI NUM8EW TO C A U 
IS 2 2 5 -1 6 o o t XPttESS AND N EW S 

3 to 16 A c re trac ts, w ill fin a n c e tank on 1 tract, nice trees. 
484 4211 P I O N E E R R E A L T Y 

N E A R F T S A M 
N ic e I b e d r o o m f u rn apt. A ir adults, w a te r Bd. *1oo. 874-81*9___ 

W t f M w a n i i H 
M 
N S A R F T . S A M 
N ic e I b e d r o o m t u r n o p t 
A ir , odutts, w a te r pd. i i OO, 824-8369 

N E A R L A C K L A N D K E L L Y 
N e w ly red e corated , fu rn ish ed . A ll b in * o d ., in c lu d in g t e le p h o n e 
N e a r sto re * a n d buses. T elephone t o m -S p m, 9J2-J943. >125 m o 

N O L E A S K ft B O U IR E D 
! 
Near Ft Sam and downtown. Et- iic 
A pii Bills Paid, 189 per mo 
227 47o2. 1954 6. Houston. 
North Central Location, Elm ira and McCullough and IH35 Near 
Baptist Nos , SAC. Newly decor- I alod. Near but, oduits only No I pet*. I bedroom. Water pd SHO with Pep. A Mo Lease. 22o 53o1 : otter 6 and weekends, o9o-o72o. 

NORTHEAST NO LEASE 
A ttractive I bedroom , d ish-! washer, shat, pool Sills pd. SUS J and up s25 Deo lo Min. Ft. Sam 
321o E IS E N H A U E R Oft H a rry 
Wuribaeh. 822 9195 
841 N. St. M a r y s at Lexingto n . 4 la rg e ro o m s, like new ! A ir, bus, stores, b ills pd $35 w k o r SH O mo. 
224-6o29, 733 828o, 484-o834 

N .W . O F F F R E D E R I C K S B U R G 
R D N ic e I b e d ro o m duplex, car- pet, a ir, w a te r pd. SI2 o 824-8369 

O ft B ro a d w a y , I b e d ro o m apts. 
E m p lo y e d a du lts. B ills od $135. 
M o. 828 3765, 824-3575. 
ON 
THE 
BANK 
OF 
THE 
BEAUTIFUL 
S A N A N T O N IO R I V E R .............. 
M O R R I S D O W N T O W N A P T S 
A P R E S T I G E A D D R E S S 
Eftic I b d m 2 b d rm -c e n t alr-heat. 
128 E. M a in P la za 227-288o 

P A N A M A P A R T M E N T S 
56o2 B I E N V I L L E D R Oft W e id n er rd. M o d e rn I B e d roo m , 453-2663. 

R O O M M A T E n e e d e d to s h a r e apartm ent. 344 1516. 

3 R o o m s a n d bath. $75. W ate r pd 
O ff 4oo b lk F r e d e r ic k s b u r g Rd . 
K e y at 137 U n iv e rsity. 734-653o 

S A C A R E A , e ffic ie n c y , sin g le s. 
595. b ills pd. 1oo2 W 
M A q n o lio , 
344-84o2. 

S h a r in g a 3 b e d ro o m a p a rtm e n t at the B o a r d w a lk is e a sy on the w allet, ju st S H O e ac h . Y o u can d ivid e y o u r tim e annona the pool, c lu b ro o m a n d la u n d ry . W e a re a ls o c lo s e to C e n t r a l P a r k a n d 
W o n d e rla n d . 5°o D isc o u n t to p e r­ so n s 55 yrs. o r o ld e r 
3536 W e st A v e n u e 349-42o3 
B a r r y G illln gw o te r co 

SIE 
SAN ANTONIO'S 
MOST SECURE 
APARTMENT COMPLEX 

 g a 
M iM 
M 
- 

 h h b h h r i 
* 
LA PLAZA J 

3 
4 1 - 4 6 2 1 
• 

The Quadrangle Apts. 
91 IO Broadway 
Phone 828-4194 
The C.P.M. Corp. 
A Division o f Vptmore & Assoc. 

QUAIL CREEK VILLAGE 
$18 o UP 
2526 NE LOOP 41o 

Exit a t Starcrest 
6 5 5 -3 9 2 1 

4o! HOMES. DIMOS, 
UNFURNISHED 
G M M B . B o f f in 
UNFURNISHED 

San Antonio ? X W E S3-N E W S — Saturday M a y 14 

• 1-2-3 Bedrooms 
• Single cmd Family 
-Section i 

» Fireplace* 

• Tennis 

I15NWLOOP41o % 
Across From 
£ 
North Star Moll 
A 

 rn rn rn 

Sm a ll apt in St. M a r y ’s U n iv e rsity a re a . $9o p e r m o. P r e f e r yo u n q couple. 1-899-2985 
TALLYHO 
MOBILE HOME INO. 
35o3 N O R T H P A N A M 
223-3218 
M O N . - F R I 9-6 

T e rr e ll H ills, se c lu d e d c o lla g e , fireplace, ref. $135. 826-148o. 

T H E KIN G ST O N APTS. 
22o2 V A N C E J A C K S O N 
342-9113, 826-1594 

T he W e stch e ste r A p ts a re is m in ­ utes from R a n d o lp h ! 
W e stc h e ste r A p ts a re just W h a t y o u ’re lo o kin g tort_______________ 

J 

T I M 
E ’ ^ 
’ W 
A S T I N 
’ ! 

V illo o^ 
5 p .irtm .-n t. 
\ 
J w 
. S s 
J 

 f acancies in these spacious garden apartments wont last lone because demand is 
I for; 

BELKNAP 
ARMS 
3o7 W. MISTLETOE 
735-4891 

1 BEDROOM 
$2IS 

2 BEDROOM 
Townhousss..... $3o5 Up 

Utilities 
Paid. 
All un­ furnished. Pool. Laundry. 
Carports. 
Convenient to downtown. 
Trinity and 
SA C . 

 r n 

CHOICE RENTALS 
UNFURNISHED HOMES 
2 3 * P 8 IM E IA 
— 4 $#4ra*m », l l borh*, 2 car fo rag e . Can*ral air and heat. Spacious 2 *»ory steno home In Ofmoj Park, $475. 
JOI SKYFOHIST— J bedroom, 2. bath, 2 car garage, central hear end cdr. 
HOUYWOOO 
PARK. 
MOC. 

43 SUTTON P i A c t — 2 bedroom , 
25J beth, townhouse. carpeted, central h eat A air. >43o glut cand fee. 
. 
4 7 3 7 
C A SA 
M A N A N A 
— 
3 bedroom *, I beth, I cor garage fenced, central heat and air. 
M IR R A NO RTH A R IA $24o. 
FURNISHED & UNFURNISHED 
. 
APARTMENTS 
11o KINNIOr — I and 2 bed­ room unfurnished agt*. Central heat a n d air. Covered parking, goal. Alam o Hat*, from $14o. 
Uttlltle* gd. Na children, na gat*. 

228 NATAUN — I bedroom . I bath, furnished agorfm ent, air condition, garage, w ater gold. 
SI IO. 
828-99o1 Anytime 

 f o 
$ o u r B t k f i i i K 
> 

CHOICE RENTALS 

Mony 3 and 4 bedroom, centro! ait, covered Mhos, fenced vords 
Call us today fat your RIM 
ASTATE needs 
828-6391, ANYTIME 

 fS i 
DEANIE 
OWENS CO. 
KA LTO RS— AILS 

N I lo o p O k. 

412 BOONS. FURNISHED 

ALPHA HOTEL 
Reasonable, daily weekly rates. 
Downtown ii 5 N M a m 
_ 
B e d ro o m , air. m a tu re adolf, r e ­ fired gentleman preferred 
732-198o 

D A I L Y W E E K L Y M O R A T E S 
N E W M A N A G E M E N T 
N a v a r r o Hotel 116 N a v a rr o 
F o r Pet marten! L iv in g 
Dow ntow n, C heck oui the 
TRAVELERS HOTEL 
Molt Reasonable Rote* 
22o B ro a d w a y 

1 1 1 — 
D e a t h s 

----------------------------------------------- 
I a d v h a s r o o m tor r# « lf. 
L a c k la n d 
Kelly area. $36 week. reefer u n iv su n 
U nited 735-9121, tee (216-2) ff. Sam . Kept 2 b drm . air, appl*. m orel Just $156 C all 
Untied, 735-9121, fee (249-1) 
H a rla n d a le I b d rm h a s carp ort, no lease O n ly $65 H u r r y 
United, 735-9121, fee (222-2) 
H igh la n d h Th *. 7 b drm , fenced for kid d ie R o v e r $15o 
United, 735-9121, tee (225-2) 
H ig h la n d H ill* 3 b drm , h a s cent air, fenced tor kid s pet* 518o 
United, 735-9121, tee 12o8 I) 
H ig h on a hill B rig h t View , 3-1’ i-l. 

WHY SfTTli FOR LESS o r o v e r p a y 
W I L S H I R E A P T S . 
B lo ck of Ft. Sa m N orth Gate 
826-9159, 826-IS94 
W P op lar, oft N. Flo re s, buses, I r o o m p r iv k it c h e n , e n t r a n c e , bath, new ly painted, 2 la d ie s aret. 
227-o858. 

814 W. R u sse ll, I b e d roo m , $125 m o + bills. 349-5542, 224-8182 

M i H 
M 
E H 
T 
S U 
N 
M 

AVAILABLE 
Choice 
Selection 
Beautiful 
Apartments 
LA 
ARBOLEDA 
2167 NE LOOP 41o 

Exit at Starcrest 

655-91o1 

 l]° J*W AU LM RD 
I WINDSOR zJ 2 
•AIK M AU ti 2UStNHAUfc* 
/ *■♦ 'At' 
VliUCl 

W I N D S O R P A R K M M I, 

N O R T H E A S T S C H O O L S 

E t R M S H E D O R 

I N P I R N 1 S H E D 

P A I D I ‘T I U T I E S 

P R D A T E P A T I O S 

P O O L S & P A R T Y R O O M 

IS H O R a y B o n D r i v e 
653-73oo 

ADULT LIVING 

M R T D O W UIS £2CVICI 

2-BEDRooM, $2o5. 

POOL, UTIUTIB FO. CLOSE TC 
SHOPPING CENTER AND POS) 
OFFICE 
THE 
HABITAT 
. S S I 5 WEST AVE. 
3 4 4 -7 7 2 o 

H U tliim tjiifa Go Around 

 with Us 

 at the 

C a r o u s e l 

A p t s . 

Newly Redecorated 
1 Bedroom $16o. 
2 Bedroom $19o. 
7134 Blanco 
344-4332 or 
828-7393 

W e’D find yours, free. 

WESTCHESTER APTS, 

EFFICIENCY 
I 2-3 UNITS 

F R O M S 1 6 o 
MO - B I U S PAID 

I H 
I 
A U S T I N H W 
Y . 
828-11o5 

A M A C M A N A O I D 
P R O P H I T T 

OHM 7 DAYS A I 
O m e tS TH tOUM IOUT TOUB 
3121 N.W.iOOP 41o 
3 4 9 -1 7 3 7 

GUIOT COeM SPO N D W Cf TO 
4 tJ3 N. CWTBAL EXPWY 
GALLAS, TCX. 7S3o4 

ONE ELEVEN 
APARTMENTS 
1 Bedroom 
$173 
2 Bedroom 
$194 
Newly decorated. 
111 Dot Drive 
824-6177 
828-7393 

WAKEFIEID-STARDUST 
APARTMENTS 

Ideally located on busline 

I, ?, ond 3 bedrooms SI8o 

 lo 
S35o On Rector 

 across from North Star Mall 

85o6 WAKEFIELD 

344-4558 

 rn 

 rn 

• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 

 let us find yours— 
24 Hr. 
’oWNHoUSE-6P AM M EN! 
LO CATO RS 
828-o681 
FREI— No charge to you 
••fhe Professional* in apt. 
/orating." 
ApatdmdlP— 
VmMm M . 

 a a a a a a a m ... y o u r ow n h om e at last! B eautifu l tow nhouse. C en tral 
A H HOO dow n, $139 m onth. N o c r e d it ? O K ! H u r r y ! 922-2173, 
675-9294, 673-4714. 
P A T M C V E Y R E A L E S T A T E 
A A A A A A H o m e of y o u r ow n can be y o u rs for a * little a s $2oo dow n a nd p a y m e n ts le ss than rent. N a 
C re d it? O K ! 
J A J R E A L T Y 674-8883 A n ytim e 

A d ults^ O ff B r o a d w a y , u p s t a ir s duplex. 
822-7165. n ew ly painted. 
SISO. 

A L A M O H E IG H T S 
L u x u rio u s 2 b ed roo m , 2 bath apt, 
5245 mo. 
W a te r and g a s od. 
824-6828 

The 
C ourtyard/ 

C s t 

2 & 3 Bedrm. 
Apts. 

Ail Electric Kitchens. 

Outside Storage N S Schools 

4411 Gardendale 
696-4892 

IF YOU QUALIFY 

I B ed roo m -! B ath $142-1199 
J B ed room -! Both S159-S221 
3 B ed roo m 2 B ath S179-S246 
A ll Utilities, C e n tral A ir a nd H eat, 
R e fr ig e r a t o r, R a n g e , D is p o s a l, 
D ra p e rie s, T V A n te nn a, Sto ra g e 
U n its ond M o re . A p p r o x im a t e ly is M in u te s fro m M ilita ry B a se s. 
924-o41o 
2914 R oosevelt A ve. 
L A B A N D E R A A P T S . 
L U X U R Y I a n d 2 b ed ro o m opt*. 
1171 B A N D E R A R D . 433-3214 

3o1-o9-15 w. M a g n o lia 
A p a r t m e n t s f r o m 
$ 1 oo a n d u p .N e a r S A C , c o n v e n ie n t s h o p ­ ping, b u s line*. C all 733-9857. 
214 W. Ridgew oo d , cle an 4 ro om r o c k . $8o. A d u l t * . 
N o p e t s . 
R e co m m en d ation s. 
696-2447 o r 
226-9761. 
TofTW Sum m it. $13o. i b ed room , 
2 bath. 1418 W. M a g n o lia . I b e ­ d ro o m . S65. W a te r pd. A p p o in t ­ m ent 344-1694. S o m e fu rn itu re if desired. 
15o5 W W O O D L A W N . N e a r bus, center, I b e d ro o m , a d u lts. S125. c all 435 6486 
4o6 HOMES, DUPLEXES 
FURNISHED I 

CHOICE RENTALS 

8518 
G U N 
SH ADOW 
3 2 2, 
S?«5 
Ctntrol alr-heat, stov*, refrigerator, privoty fence 

246 M EAD O W G U N 4 2 ?, S27S mc. 
Central alr-heat, conge, dishwasher, garbage disposal anil fenced. 

2435 SPUR DRIVE, 3-1-CP, SIAS 
Stove, fenced yard 
654-! 844 342-411 5 
653-o57o 673-5o33 
WORLD WIDE REALTY 

2 b d rm house. O n ly $5o. G re a t tor sm a ll fam ily. C all 
United, 735-9121, fee (235-3) 
Beautiful 1-4-2 In northeast E l D o ­ rado. fireplace, bar, h igh beam ed c eilings a n d h uge b a c ky a rd . C all 
349 5111 for Yvette or aft 5 3o 
655-3973._____________________ 
2 B ed roo m K am e hear De ia v a ia 
Sc h o o l. F e n c e d y a r d . N o pets. 
P refe r couple only. $15o mo. p lu s deposit. 
A ls o s m a l l I b e d r o o m h o m e , fenced ya rd . $9o mo. p lu s deposit. 
4 3 3 - 8 o 1 5 ________________________ 
2 B ed roo m house, ga rage , fenced yard. Zoned for b usin e ss, 15o3 W. 
Hild ebrand , 732-3155.________ 
3 b edroom s, 2 bath hom e in N fe. 
P r iv a c y fenced, d ish w a sh e r a nd ra n g e F a m ily and liv in g ro o m s 
( P e r f e c t t h r o u g h o u t ! ), p a t io , d ouble g a ra g e . R e n t S25o mo. I ye ar lease. D a y s 344-3o78, nites 
696-o866. 
D O N J O H N S O N C O R E A L T O R S 
2 B e d roo m s, v e ry clean a ir c o n ­ ditioned. $135. 844 M C C aulev, oft 
C om m e rcial, 922-7181.____________ 
2 b ed roo m sw im pool,1 c lu b h o u se a n d la u n d r o m a t . C o u p le s o n ly. 
B ab y OK N orth sid e 684 o968 

31o B e x a r 3-1-1 2 a ir units . 
35o C h e rry R id g e 3-1-1 F r ig 
$166 
$17o 
L R . Barnet y 341-4455 

8135-SI 6o, 
B L A N C O R D . and B A S S E R D . 
1-2 B e d ro o m *. G as-W ater Pd. 
6831 B A S IL W O O D 342-37o2 
B R O O K H O L L O W - D U P L E X 
2 bed room , 2 bath, a p p rox , 145o sq.ft. U ntu rn, $275 mo, w ater and law n m ain, included. 14417 B ro o k 
Hollow, call 492-9661 
C oll G lenn. 3 b e d ro o m with cen frat a ir, g a r ig e , m a n y e x tr a s. 
W o n ’t last! 
United, 735-9121, tee (253-2) 

C a ll N o w ) I b d r m h o u se w ith fence. O n ly S45. H u r r y 
United, 735-9121, fee (216-D 
B a s ile H 'iiis G a r d e n A d ! 
M o s t b ills pd A ll n e cessities 
United, 735-9121, fee (257-2) 

4-2-1. C e n tral oir-heaf. appliances, carpeting, fenced yard. $275. M o. 
656-2841. 

4-2-2, 
C e n t r a l a ir , c a r p e t , a p p lia n c e s , p r i v a c y f e n c e 
N E IS O . C o n v e n ie n t to Ft. S a m a n d R a n d o lp h 
$35o m o. I M o 
Dep. required. 454-o814. 

C entral I b d rm w ith extro room , air, appls, o n ly $15o. 
United, 735-9121, fee (224 1) 
3 - 17-1, c e n t r a l h e a t - a ir , a p ­ p liance*, $235 mo. C E N T U R Y 21 
Schn eid er R e alty 484-72oo. 
C H U R C H I L L e x e c u t iv e 3 b e- d ro o m , 2 bath. M o d e rn . $325 to 
$35o. LOU F o r k s 341-o11o. 

1 T e 3 n > o r n $ r T ! ! T n in T c 
Lacklan d . 923-4576. 
"Kelly""' 

B ills p art pd on this H ig h la n d s I b d rm with appls, d ra p e s. O n ly $75 
United, 735-9121, fee (222-1 ) 
Carpeted 2 b drm , a ir, app ls, pool, and tennis. F e n ce d for kids. $125 
United, 735-9121, fee (235-1) 
C heck this H ig h la n d s I b drm , no lease. A ll b ills pd. O n ly $7o 
United, 735-9121, fee (245-1) 

C o lo n ie s N o rth . 2 b d rm , a p p ls , 
FP , carpet, fenced, $25o 
United, 735-9121, fee (229-3) 

 w all to wall, a ir heat. $275. 6 m o or y r lease. N o pets 
$1oo. dep 
364-o41S, 734 o288- 
IN E L D O R A D O - 3-2-i. F P . L R a nd rtyn 656 1234 
4 I i, c e n t r a l h a. o ff N a c o g ­ d o c h e s Rd. Vacant. 454-1234 
RED CARPET 

JOST BUILT 
N e w h o m e nea r IH IO and W o o d ­ law n 2 bedroom , 2 bath, cen tral a lr -h e a t . $245 344-3471 B R E N 
N E R CO., R E A L T O R S __________ 

Ju st sta rtin g o u t? I b d rm . fenced ya rd S E . $55 
U nited, 735-9121, fee <256 2) 

LANDLORDS 
L is t y o u r v a c a n c ie s w ith U N IT 
E D 1 N o C ha rge * F o r Fast. F R E E 
R e fe rra ls, C all o u r L a n d lo rd L ist m g 
L in e from 
9-9 
7 
D a y s at 
73S-9124._____________________ 
L a r g e 4*2-2 split-level in O ak H ills 
T e r r a c e , n e a r s c h o o l, fe n c e d 
A p p ’t aft 4 a n d w e ek en d s 681-1295. 
14o L a v a c a , d up lex, 2 b e d ro o m , stove, re trig Sec 6 732 75o9 

L e o n v a lle y . P lu sh 3-2 F P , b uilt­ in*, frig, fenced. $365 
U nited, 735-9121, fee (227-3) 
L e o n V a lle y , n e a r L a c k la n d a n d 
S W M e d ic a l C lr. * B e d ro o m s , 2 b ath s, fe n c e d y a rd , d o u b le g a r a ge A v a ila b le M a y 3ofh. $25o. M o. 
Dep. 223 5783, 534-6295 
L ik e n e w C a m e lo t ll. 3-2-2, fire - p la c e d d e n , c a r p e t s , a ll a p ­ p lia n c e s, fe n c e d 
$385 m o, $1oo dep. 
C all collect, 
B o e rn e 
I 336 2442 
3-2-2, located n e a r B o sso m A thle ­ tic C e n te r 
R a n g e , d is h w a s h e r , d isp o sa l inclu d ed $385. 
684-433o, 344-62o7 
D E A N I E O W E N S R E A L T O R S 
L o s A n g e le s H gts. 2 b d rm , h a s fence tor k id s a nd pets. C all 
U nited, 73S-9121, tee (2o9 1) 

673 4713. 
N e e d 2 p eople o v e r 4o to s h a r e h o u se in cou ntry C arp eting. C ent a ir, on 3 a c re s C an h ave g a rd e n o r a n im als. S25 wk. 626 2481 

1 1 1 — P t- K M 

M L . L E T 

A 

A L L E M A N G 
C h a r le s H 
A lle m a n * , a g e 64. d ie d F r i d a y , 
M a y ll, 1977 He w a s a m e m b e r of the M e t h ­ o d is t C h u r c h a n d S a n A n t o n io 
L o d g e N o. 1o79, A F A A M . S u r ­ v iv o r * 
D au ghte r*, M r*. S a ra L. 
A n d re w s, San Antonio, M r * . L in ­ da S. W ahtbrink, K eytesville. M a., 
M r s . 
B a r b a r a 
A 
W i s e m a n , 
W a v e r l y , O h io ; s is t e r , M r s 
E le a n o r F e n ! ( E le a n o r J a n e ) , 
W a s h in g t o n 
C o u r t 
H o u s e ; b r o t h e r , M r 
C la ir A ll e m a n g , 
C o lu m b u s , O h io ; l l g r a n d c h i l ­ d r e n ; n u m e r o u s r e la t iv e * a n d f r ie n d s 
S e r v ic e S a t u r d a y a t I a c lo ck in the C olonial C h a p e l of t h e P o r t e r L o r i n g M o r t u a r y u n d e r the ausp ice s of Sa n A n to n io 
L o d g e No. 1o79 A F & A M M r 
Al- le m a n g w ill b e s e n t to 
F a w c e t t O liv e r a n d G la s s M o r ­ t u a ry , C hillico th e. O h io fo r s e r ­ vice o n d interm ent in G ra n d v ie w 
C e m e t e r y , R o t s C o u n ty , O h io . 
A rra n g e m e n ts with 

Barter Loring n o t McCu l l o u g h « 7 a s i i 

H E R N A N D E Z 
M r * . Sa ra h C o m a le s H e rn a n d o !. 
69, Of I t l l M o n te z u m a St., d ie d 
M a y ll, 1*77. Life resident of s a n 
Antonio a nd a m e m be r of C a lv a r y 
M e x ic a n B a p t is t C h u r c h . S u r ­ v iv o rs: H usband , Felipe H e m a n doz; d aughters, M is s Jovlta M er 
Handel, M rs. M a n u e l (J a n ie ) V il­ lan ue va M r * M. P i t u c y ) B e n to n . M r s 
P a u l C. ( C a r m e n ) 
Lim o n, alt of San A n to n io : so n s. 
Benito o-. R e m o ld o G. P e te r G „ 
P h ilip G., O s c a r G , a ll et S a n 
A n t o n ia a n d 
D a n ie l 
G . o f 
! M a d is o n , W ise ; 37 g r a n d c h i l- 
— • B r e n ; $ g r e a t g r a n d c h i ld r e n , brothers. 
Ju a n 
B. 
G o n z a le s 
-rn a n d M o u ric iO G o n za le s, B oth of 
S a n A n to n io . P r o v e r s e r v i c e s w e rt held I p.m. F rid a y M a y l l , 
R o y A k e r s F u n e r a l C h a p e l * 
F u n e r a l s e r v ic e * I e m . S a t u r ­ day, M o y 14, at the C a lv a r y M e x ­ ic a n B a p t is t C h u r c h , H J J w 
H o u sto n St., D r. J im m y A lle n , 
R e v F ra n k C on treras, R e v H e r ­ b e rt L a m m a r t o ffic ia tin g i n f o r ­ m ant R o se la w n M e m o ria l P a r k lf frie n d s so d esire m e m o ria ls m a y be m a d e to the N e w T e sta m e n t 
F u n d et m e D o w n to w n B a p t is t 
M e m o ria l H ospital 

SIB No. Main 
226 7?Ol 

A R L L A 
M r s . O lg a A r n a , a g e 97, of 132 
H e d w ig, died T h u rsd a y. M a y 12, 
1977, in a local hospital R e sid e n t of S a n A n to n io fo r the p o s t IS y e a rs, fo rm e rly of H o u sto n 
Sh e w a s a m e m b e r of the Fir st M a th o d i s t 
C h u r c h 
S u r v i v o r s ; 
D a u g h t e r , M r s 
J 
E. ( L i ll ia n ) 
P atton , S a n A n to n io ; so n s. H e r b e r! G A r Ila, Houston, A u stin A 
A rlla . K e m a h , Texas, a n d J u liu s 
C . A r ll a , R o c k p o r t , T e x a s ; « g r a n d c h i l d r e n ; 
2 g r e a t g ra n d c h ild re n ; n u m e ro u s n ie c e s a n d n ephew s. S e rv ic e s S a tu rd a y a fte rno o n at 2:oo o 'clo c k, R ic h e 
S a u n d e rs C hapels, with C h a p la in 
M . O. S la w so n o ffic ia tin g . P a ll- b e a e r e r s 
J o h n B u r m i n g h a m , 
L e o O e M llle , C h a rlie B ro u s s a r d . 
B ill S tu b b s. F r o n d s L ie b . a n d 
E u g e n e F in c k e . In t e r m e n t in 
S u n s e t M e m o r ia l P a r k 
A r r a n g e m e n ts with 

K i e v 
, 
M a r r i e s S p e c ia l 
H o i W e lls, a con d ition ed O n ly $1oo. C all 
U nited, 735 9121, fee (226-2) 

MARYMDNT T8WNHoME 
S e c lu d e d tre e s. I b e d r o o m s , 2 b a th s, fire p la c e , u tilitie s p a id , la w n m aintained, pool p riv ile g e s 
$49o m o N ile s 826-3345 

TERRELL HILLS 
3 b e d r o o m s , 2 b a th s, d en , f ir e ­ place, c e n tra l heat a n d a ir, $28o mo. N ile s 826-5964. 
R E A L T O R S 
826 o6o6 
S U E W E E M S & A S S O C . 
KEY GROUP 
135 M id d le b u ry . L a rg e 3bedroom , 
I bath. $1*5. B e n L a m b e rt Co. 1o51 
A u stin H w y. 826-8663 

 ll IO N St M a r y * St at B ro o k ly n 

M o d e rn 3 2-2, a lta ir, app ls. fenced w ith option C all 
United, 735-9121, fee (226 3) 

MOVE TODAY! 
U N I T E D H O M E R E N T A L S h a s the la rg e st selection of ren tals in 
S a n A n to n io H u n d re d s of v a ca n d e s d a lly to c h o o se from . Stop w a stin g tim e a n d g a s; C all 
U N IT E D 735-9121 99 7 Days or stop by 44o4 Son Pedro 

A N D E R S 
B e n ia m in R o y A n d e rs, of 4/8 E . v e sta l St., entered rest on M a y 12, 
1977 at the a ge of 81 ye a rs. S u r ­ v iv e d b v w ife, M r s 
J e s s ! * P . 
A n d e rs; sons. C a rl B „ R a y m o n d 
R o y and W L. A n d e rs, d au gh te r, 
M r s. R u b y R. P a y n e ; d a u g h te rs in law , M r s. O p a l A n d e rs, M r s . 
J u a n i t a A n d e r s ; s o n - in la w , 
F r a n k P a y n e ; b r o t h e r , B o y d 
A n d e rs; sisters, M rs. Bell Y o u n g a n d M r s . N ettie C r o w d e r ; a ls o e ig h t g r a n d c h i ld r e n a n d f iv e g r e a t - g r a n d c h ild r e n . F u n e r a l s e r v ic e s w in be held J co p m 
M o n d a y a1 B ro o ke hill C h a p e l w ith 
R e v . C la u d e E llis officia ting. In ­ term e nt will follow rn M is sio n B u ­ ria l P a rk , South. A rra n g e m e n ts with 
UrnnkchUl 
711 S E M ilita ry Dr. 
923-7S2J 

N e a r Ft. Sa m , 3 b ed roo m s, refo, 
Dep osit-lease, $2oo. 656-46o7 
N e a r L a c k l a n d , 3 b e d r o o m , 2 bath, ce n tra l air, c o v e re d patio, fenced ya rd . $19o mo. 684-o711 o r 
344-4397 
N E A R L A C K L A N D K E L L Y , like new 3 b ed room , I ’ * baths. M o v e in tod ay I 674-3552 
H O D S D O N & A S S O C IA T E S 

B A R B E R 
M r s . C la ra E stelle B B a rb e r, 81, of 1643 Schley Ave., died M a y 12, 
1977. G ra v e sid e se rv ic e s a n d in ­ te rm e n t IO o.m S a tu rd a y , M a y 
14, R o s e la w n M e m o r ia l P a r k . 
P a s to r 
R o ald 
E 
B ra u lic k o fficiating 

615 No. Main 
226-72o1 

C ozy 2 b d rm h a * appls, carpeted, fenced for kids-pets. $14o 
United, 735-9121, fee (223-3) 
2-!-Cp. F e n c e d , c a rp e te d , $16o. 
M o. N o child ren. N e a r ST. M a r y * 
U. 736-o312 

E c o n o m y 2 b d r m , c a r p e t e d , fenced with a pp l*. W o n t la st tor 
$8o 
United, 735-9121, fee (218-3) 

E. M Y R T L E . I b e d r o o m , n e a r 
S A C and Trinity. 735-7)34._________ 
H a r la n d a le I b d r m w ith e x t r a room . M o st b ills pd. Fe n ce d $9o 
United, 735-9121, fee (224-2) 
H a rla n d a le 2 b drm . M o st b ills pd. 
H a s air, carpet, d rap es. 
United, 735-9121, fee (241-2) 
H u rry ! 3 b d rm house, N E , h o rse stalls, fenced fo r kid s. $14o 
United, 735-9121, tee (21o-3) 

A L A M O H G T S . A d u lts only. 2 b e­ d ro o m s, c e n tra l a ir-h e a t, sto ve, re frig e ra to r, d ish w a sh e r, c a rp e t­ ing, d ra p e s. $21o., b ills pd. $75. 
Dep. 826-737o. 
A ttra ctive 2 b e d ro o m T o w nhouse. 
Air, carp ets, a pp ls. $135. 824-4788 

B E A U T I F U L T r e * H o m e Apts. in g a rd e n C o m p le x , n e a r B r a c k e n ­ rid g e P k . T r in it y U a n d D o w n ­ town. V ie w of City. Pool. L a u n d ry. 
M o d e r n a n d c o m fo rta b le . M a n ­ a g e r , M U L B E R R Y T E R R A C E 
A P T S . 1315 E. M u lb e rry . 826-1243 

I-B e d ro o m apt. N o child ren . $1 IS. mo. C all J O A N N , 9 A M to 4 P M , 
533-17 56. 
_ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ 
I B e d roo m apt. $7o. mo. $25. dep. 
842 E. G uenther, 342-o933. 

1 B e d r o o m , tiv in g - d in in g - k it c f i com b. A ir. *1oo P lu s utilities. 8o7 
R o u se a l C ra ig. 734-5792, 736-o211 

2 B e d ro o m n ew ly decorated. $13$. 
W ater pd. $32-15o8 
_ 
C all u s about o u r close-in ru ra l p rop erties. 2-8oo A c re s 
Seitz A A sso c , R e a lto rs 824-2385 
C O N T E S S A T O W N H O U S E S , I O R 
2 B E D R O O M S , b ills pd. $2oo. to 
$225. C lose Ie N o rth sta r a n d C e n ­ tra l P a r k . N o c h ild r e n o r pets. 
124-47o7, 824-478o 
_ _ _ _ _ _ _ 
CONVENIENCE 
L o o p 41o-Vance J a c k so n Rd. 
P A R K L I K E G R O U N D S 
2 B E D R O O M -S 2 3 5 . B IL L S P D . 
P A R K D A L E A P T S . 342-o191 

L E T U S D O IT 
A n y siz e . A n y w h e r e . W e fin d 
Y O U R A p artm e n t F R E E ! O w n e r p a y s fee. 
T H E G O L D E N K E Y 
A p artm ent L o c a to r* 828-5739 
L IV E B E T T E R F O R L E S S ! 
G R O U N D L E V E L D U P L E X E S 
F U R N . O R U N F U R N . 
E X C E L L E N T M A I N T E N A N C E 
H IG H L A N D H IL L S A P T S . 
2931 E. S O U T H C R O S S 
534-88o8 

L I B TOWNHOUSE 
2-Bedroom s, air, heat. $14o. W a le r od. Patio. 158 E l M io-4o8 ira. N o pet*. 341-8446, 494-5678, 824-4227 
L u x u r y D u p le x N e a r M e d C en ter 
661o S o u th p o in f. 3-2-2, k it c h e n a p p l, in c . w a s h e r - d r y e r , f i r e ­ place. S a u n a ! V e r y d ifferent-not 
(or everyone. D a y 222-37St, E v e 
344-4429 
L u x u r y T o w n ho u se for lease. N W . 
2 bedroom , 211 both, 2 sto ry ro ck. 
F ire p la c e , w * f b a r, d o u b le g a r ­ age, pool, a pp liances, A v a il J u ly 
I. N o pets. 8395. 696-o578, 494-5625 

Quiet Home 
Style Living 

Iffic to 3 bdrm. Townhouses with fireplace* I? floor plan* Adult 8 family Area* 
6623 Callaghan Rd. 
696-329o 

 t = J 

MANSION HUMM 
523! B la n c o 
341-4113 
MARYMDNT TQWNHOME 
C h a r m in g 2 -2 'iS u tt*ti P l. F ir e ­ place , w a sh e r-d ry e r, pool lo c a ­ tion. Exauitsite i All bills pd. $5oo. per mo. Adults. O ther N orth e a st 
Townhom es. C all for details, iv y 
O a ks 
Properties, 
451-4789, 
453-2294._______________ 
N e a r l i t S A , M e d ic a l C e n te r , 
U SA A . L a rge I bedroom with fully e q uippe d kitch en , d ra p e d , c a r ­ peted. 
SISO. 
349-7o26 eves. 
O r 
341 7483. 
______ 

1,2, and 3 bedroom 
Apts. 
Furnished or 
Unfurnished. 

11721 Parliament 
349-3149 

K id s e e ls W e lcom e . Ft. Sa m . 2 bedroom, carpeted, fenced $14o 
United, 735-9121, lee (223-3) 

M a c A rth u r 3 bdrm , cent air, din­ ing, carpet. Just $225 
United, 735-9121, fee (261 3) 

M ove in N O W ! 2 bdrm , no deposit. 
Kids-pets fine. O nly $1oo 
United, 735-9121, lee (294-1) 
N I 3-2 brick h a s big den. garag e , fenced tor kids-pets. 
United, 735-9121, fee (216-3) 
S i t . B ig i bdrm Duplex. All bills pd. Just $15o. Call 
United, 735-9)21, foe (238-3) 
T ry this H ig h la n d s 2 b d rm with appls, fenced yard. W ater pd. $75 
United, 735-912), fee (215-2) 
Walk to SAC. 2 bdrm , w aler pd 
$125. Call now 
United, 735-9121, fee (214-2) 

C U S T O M B U IL T D E L U X E 
Best N orthside location. Duplex. 
Total priv acy. 2 bedroom s, king size both, unusual d ram atic livin g room with indirect lighting. Slid ­ in g d o o r to patio . C e d a r fen ce e n c irc le s h u g e b a c k y a r d . V ie n ­ n e se sh e e r c u sto m d r a p e r ie s , sh a g ca rp e tin g , e x q u isite flo o r- plan. Full built-in electric kitchen. 
$275 mo. 341 2222 Anytim e. C E N ­ 
T U R Y 21 R a y Teal, Realtors. 
C u sto m built I b d rm house h a s courtyard, fountain, extras 
United, 735-9121, fee (227 2) 
D (M erest, 3 b e d ro o m s, 2 b a th electric kitchen, carp e tin g, a ir, 
$19o. plus dep. 494-6684. 

3-2, den, do u b le g a ra g e , fenced yard, availab le 
M a y 
24. 
$32o. 
344-2341, 
B O B J O N E S , R E A L T O R S 
D u p le x , 2-1. L a r g e r o o m s a n d fireplace. Sch o o ls and sh o p p in g within w alk in g. Colony D r. $245 
W ater pd. 494-6782, 822-9641 ofter 
6.___________________________________ 
3-2-Duplex. Located in Jefferson 
A r e a . Im m e d ia t e o c c u p a n c y . 
Central heat-air. $27$. 
684-433o, 344-62o7 
D E A N IE O W E N S R E A L T O R S 
2-1 Duplex, new central heat-air, near b u s-m a lls, w a le r ad. $175. 
Avail. June 341-o287.____________ 

E a s t sid e I b d r m h o u se , h a s fence, low deposit, only $8o 
United, 735-9121, lee (335-23__ 

Woodlaw n Lake 
I bdrm , fenced. 
M ost bits od. SU S. K ids-pets O K 
United. 735-9121, fee (2o8-3) 
4o8 * HOMES, DUPLEXES, 
UNFURNISHED 

EDEN ROC APTS 
119 JACKSON K E L L E R 
C o m fo rta b le liv in g . Y o u 'll lo ve our I or 2 bedroom opts, just off 
San P e d ro . N e a r C e n tra l P o r k an d N o rth S ta r M a lls . N o c h il­ dren, no pets. R e ason able prices. 
828-4611. 

FOUR SEASONS APTS. 
1-Bedroom . ...........................*17o 
Larq e I bedroom , ................ $2o5 
2 -B edro om i' jbath tow nhouse 
................... *2Ao 
L a rg e 2 bedroom , 2 bath, .. $26o. 
U tilities included. Ideal location, a c ro ss fro m O a k P o rk Shopping 
Center, corn er N aco gd o ch e s and 
New B ra u n fe ls ave. 
1779 N A C O G D O C H E S RO . 
826-o691 
_____ 

N e a r U T S A , M e d C lr . U S A A . 
Townhouse, 2 bedroom s, electric k itch e n , d ra p e s. T e n n is, S w im - m ing. $2)5. 696-6121, 692-2533 

N E E D A N A R T - C A L L U S 
T E X A S A P T L O C A T O R S 
349 3685-NO F E E 'S ] 5o up 
Nt LOVELY TOWNHOUSE 
B e a u t if u l 2 b e d r o o m T O W N ­ 
H O U S E , 2 b a t h s p lu s w a s h e r - d r y e r c o n n e c tio n s. G r e a t N E location. Only $315. Mo. BHI* pd. 
A P A R T M E N T S U N L IM IT E D 
828-o481 

TH E 
G R E E N H O U S E 
I BEDROOM 
TOWNHOUSES 
FROM $185 

72oo S PRESA 

532-7389 

CHOICE RENTALS 

4826 Castle Stream 4-2-1. .$225 
583o Castle Brook 3-2-1.. $235 
643o Robin Forest 3-2-2.. $265 
12521 Sandpiper 3-2-2. 
$3oo 
831o Iou Gering 3-2-2... $35o 

Call 828-57o4 

CEN TU R Y 21 

BOB RODGERS, REALTORS 
81o7 Broadway 

Studio townhouse. I ne ar po rn, iv, b a th , a l s o a ttic ., I b e d r o o m , split-level, O ak Hills. 34M J42 

GREENWICH VILLAGE 
ID E A L LOCATION tdroom , u n fu m ......................1185. rdroom s, U ntu rn.................. $21$. 
U T IL IT IE S P A ID 
21S J A C K S O N K E L L E R 
824-9871 

HERWECK HOUSE 
2-Bedroom , I bath $215. 
A c ro ss street from Le e H igh , 3 b lk *, fr o m N lm ltz H ig h , I b lk 
Ja ck son K eller E le m entary. 
M A IN T A IN E D W IT H P R ID E 
A L L U IL IT IE S P A ID 
233 H e r w a c te D r . 3 4 4 -5 8 o 4 

H ig h la n d P o rk , v e ry neat 3-rm apt. b ills Pd. carp o rt.. S M S mo. 
Bort B a rre ra , 222 8611 732-o89o _ 

N o dow n p a ym e n t, $2o c lo s in g c o st, a n y o n e c a n b u y , 3 b e ­ d r o o m s , la r g e fe n c e d y a r d , paym ents less than rent. 
B O B D e P A O L O 
344-3o9) 
R E A L T O R 
HW . L a rge 2 A r Tow nhouse Wills den, $26o, a lso 2 B R , 2 B a th at 
$22o. All plush carpeting, central air, utilities furn. 
342-3318, 
349-o219 
___________ 
O A K H IL L S V IL L A G E 
A p artm ents ond Tow nhouses 
$175.Up 1847 B abcock 344 9724 

THE TAHITIAN 
2-Bedroom, 1-Batti, $23o. 
3-Bedroom , 
2-Bath, 
15oo sq.ft. 
$3oo. 
L o cated south of Jo sh e s, N o rth 
Star M all, off M cC ullo ugh. 
A L L U T IL IT IE S P A ID 
2o2 B IR C H L E A F , 342-o28$ 

~ A A l A A X a X S W : W T e n l m g r - 
Own your own home. Som e only 
$1oo dow n! N o C re d it? N o p ro b ­ lem! 922-2173, 475-9294, 473-4714 
P A T M C V E Y R E A L E S T A T E 

A Choice of 3-4 bedroom hom e* to rent. L e a se w ith o p tio n to b u y 
Ow n your hom e N O W ) $19o to $5oo mo, 
G A S E B A K E R R E A L T Y CO. 
49o-899o E v e s 696-88o5, 342-7712 
KEY GROUP 

I or 2 bedroom Apartm ent. 136 E. 
C raig. 227-1813, 341-5886__________ 
PbBtadon Kn s i Apt 
I B edroom ......... 
SU O . 
2-Bedroom townhouse, .... $225. 
344-7o93 539 M C C A R T Y 

IHE TMX APIS 
1o51 BROADWAY 
A N A P A R T M E N T 
U nforgetoble o s Its n am e 
( B E D R O O M , SUO. 
2 B E D R O O M , I21S 
HO V* lust added 2 now tennis courts. 
U T IL IT IE S P A ID 
824-oo61, 828-7393 

3 room s, lit W dln zone, w ater pd. odultS $75 732-44o8 433-612o 

O N A W A N T AD 
THI N U M E Z ! TO C A IL 
IS 2 2 5 -1 6 6 6 
IX PRESS A N D N IW S 

SE C U R IT Y 
P L U S 
Apts. of Distinction 
Efficiencies -1 ond 2 bedroom s 
Furnished and U nfurnished 
THE V IL L A FO NTANA 
123 B R A C K E N R ID G E A V E . 
(O F F 27oo B R O A D W A Y ) 
828-1191 
1 
S O U T H E A S T 3 -B e d r o o m a p t. partially furn. C hildren ok. $18o. mo. Coll JoAnn, 9 A M to 4 P M , 
533-1754. 
_____________________ 

 m e weetchester Apts are lust minutes from IH3S and Loop 41o! 
TV M & N iT b lE 'D lfg u R 'lT V -' 
G ARDEN PATIOS 
CLUB ROOMS 
GYM AND SAUNAS 
1-2-3 BEDROOMS, 1-2 BATHS 
SUS. to $275. BILLS PA ID 
PARK TOWNE APTS. 
434-4191 
2811 BAN DERA ROAD 
Between Hillcrest and Collophan 
V ILLA O * OAKS APTS 
1-2 Bedrooms, and it Wideness 
U TILITIES PAID 
8811 N. Now Braunfels 428-4363 
Westchester Apis are J minutes from Fort Sam! 

 k\ CHOICE RENTALS 
W e h ave the new est an d best 3 a n d 4 b e d ro o m h o m e s in N orth 
San Antonio. A il of o u r hom es are le s s th a n I yr o ld 
D r a p e s , p r iv a c y fenced. R e f r ig e r a to r s , carpeting. $3oo to $45o per month. 
Call us anytim e! IN R E A L IN C . 
733-9184 

EXECUTIVE HOME 

C A S T L E H I L L S , la r g e 4 b e ­ d room s, 2 baths, fa m ily room w ith r e a l f ir e p la c e , a il a p p lia n c e s , la n d s c a p e d . P r e s t ig e lo c a tio n . 
M in u te s to M e d S c h o o l. L e e H i 
School. 115 C O T IL L IO N 

828-5533 
Guy Chlpman Co 

N E A R S K Y H A R B O U R a re o N o q u a lify in g -fa k e o v e r 3 b e d ro o m , o nly $157 mo, central a ir o r only 
$147 stove, re frig e ra to r 
733-911 1 
B 
G o n xzo le s 
623-1369 

N e a r W ilfo rd H all M e d ic a l C enter. 
3-2-2, carpeted, appls. 23 It m a s ­ t e r b e d r o o m , c o v e r e d p a t io , fenced. $36o. 341-75o5 
N E , 3 b e d r o o m , 2 h a th h o m e , c o v e re d patio, carp etin g. $245 mo. 
R O S S I R E A L T Y 
494 7781 
3-2-2, N E , C am e lo t, c arp et, cent air, a pp l*. $295mo. 454-o2o3 
N E. 3-2-1+ d e n , full kitchen, full carpet, p r iv a c y fence. $275 
R O S S I R E A L T Y 
494-7781 
N ee d sm a ll p la c e ? S E I b d rm , h a * fence, no le a se H u r r y 
United, 735-9121, lee (233-3) 
N E , 3-2, fenced yard, c o v e re d p o ­ tto, 5 m in fro m R .A .F B 
$25o. 
654-o837 
3-2-2, N E IS D . ran ge , d ish w a sh e r, c o v e re d patio. A v a ila b le J u n e I. 
$285 
*84 433o, 344-62o7 
D E A N I E O W E N S R E A L T O R S 

 o M re IM 

W I 

N ic e 3 b e d r o o m , I b a t h W ith fe n c e d b a c k y a r d to r c h ild r e n . 
$1oo Dep. $18o mo. C all 494-5o35 
N O D O W N T O A N Y O N E , f ir s t p a y m e n t in July, 3 a nd 4 b ed roo m hom es, so m e with c a rp e l a n d a p ­ p lian ce s. M o n th ly p a y m e n ts sta rt at SISO. 
R O S S I R E A L T Y 
494 7781 
N W 2 3 B d rm duplexes, cent air, w a s h - d r y c o n n , a ll a p p ls , 
$19o-1235. 341-6267, 435-o66. 

N W . 3 b d r m h a s fence, ice box, g o in g tor $15o. H u rry ! 
U nited, 735-912), lee (221-3) 
11)4 O lney. I b ed roo m s, 2 baths, c e n tr a l a ir - heat, sto v e a n d r e ­ frig e rato r, $225. B en L a m b e rt Co. 
1o51 A u stin H w y. 826-8663 
3-2-2 O ly m p ia ( N E ). D ra p e s, c a r ­ pet, fenced, cent air. Re nt love ly 
$35,ooo h om e for $295 m o 655-o454 

E X E C U T IV E r e n t a l 
E N C H A N T E D F O R E S T , 4 b e ­ droom s, 2'Y baths, 33oo sa. ft. fo r­ m al dining, p ro fe ssio n a lly lan ds caped. H u g e d en with fire p la ce . 
C all M a r y C ra u n 342-58oo 

E X E C U T IV E R E N T A L 
E N C H A N T E D F O R E S T , 4 b e ­ d roo m *. 2' i bath*, 33oo sq. ft. fo r­ m at d ining, p ro fe ssio n a lly la n d s­ caped. H u g e den with fire p la ce 
C all M a r y C ra u n 342-58oo 
349-1436 Anytime 
BASSEWEIL6ACHER 
IN C , R E A L T O R S 
F a m i ly s iz e 2 b d r m , d en , b u s stove, h uge fenced ya rd $135 
United, 735-9121, tee (238-2) far Out I I b d rm h o m e h a s e xtra room , fence, no deposit. 
United, 735-9121, to* (368-1) 
F IR S T T I M E F O R S A L E 
C E N T R A L H E A T - A IR 
$1975o 
F o r 3 b ed roo m s, I both, sep arate liv in g o nd d in in g, sin g le g a r a g e near 
E d iso n 
Hi. 
341-72o1, 
R E A L T O R S 
JOW! FLOURNOY IHC 

9723 F lo u risa n t. 3-i-l N E schools. 
C lean Fenced. Si9o. 824 8756 

A la m o H g t* 
L iv in g ro o m with w oodburning fireplace, se parate dining roam , kitchen, m a ste r be­ d roo m suite w ith b ath , 3 oth er bedroom s v a ry in g sizes an d bath. i i * S. W a te r o n ly p d . *25-4127 days. 826-8991 nites. 
Another A lam o H g t* Apt. Fine for kids at S U S . Phone in now 
United, 735-9121, fee (2o9-3) 
Another low rent I bdrm , only WO 
Witt) fenced yard. 
United,,735-9121, tee (227-1) 
Another Section I . 4 b d r m w ith den. Wen t last. C all 
United, 735-9121, fee (111-3) 

B A S IC R D W E i T A V E i A R E A ' 
1 bedroom , g a ra g e , fenced, air, 
Im m aculate. $195 mo. 494-3229. 
2 tMtir. I both N.S. oft San Pedro, 
Couple ond sm all child. 699-o634. 
3 b^rm , 2 balli, dbl garag e , den. fenced. M an y extra*. 
United, 735-9121, tee (218-2) 
I bdrm cottage with fence. Wood- lawn area, w on t alay at $75 
United, 735-9121, tee (221-2) 

3-2-2 

3-2-1 

6o27 F O R E S T S H A D O W S 
4-2-2 th ru J u ly only. 
58o2 D A N D U R E A s 
7338 C H E R K Y B R O O K 

681o F O R E S T G R O V E 

75 S T O R Y W O O D 

$25o 

$37o 

$235 

Out N orth . 2-2, all c o n v e n ie n ce s, kid s-p ets O K . V isit 
United, 735-9121, tee (228-2) 

421o R E D S T O N E in S k ylin e F o rk . 
I b e d r o o m , I ' * b a t h s 
$1 3o . 
824-4521. 342-4849 
T U R N E R R E A L T Y 
R E N T A L S 
W E H A N D L E 
C h o ice N E R e n ta ls 
BUDDY UECKER 
824-7361, 1324 A u stin Hw y, 
6 Room , 2 both I ;mi. U T S A , M E D 
Ctr. call after 5, 691-1644. 
S A C 3 b d rm , W o n 't last! K id s-p ets tine. O n ly $125. 
United, 735-912), fee (2o8-2) 
124o S A N A N G E L O , off Catalina, nice 2 b e d ro o m duplex, com p le te ­ ly unturn. $1oo 736-571 i. 

B A R N E Y 
C o l. J o h n C o le s B a r ­ n e y J r ., U . S . A r m y 
R e t., 
6o, of 
119 
W yndale, died M a y 12. 
G ra a u o fe of W est Poin t C la s s o l 
1941. M e m b e r of L eb an o n L e b a n ­ o n L od ge Na. 22 A F Ii A M , L e b a n ­ on, N e w M ex., San A n to n io C o n ­ sisto ry, Scottish Rite B o d ie s a n d 
J a m e s B 
S p r a g u e M e m o r i a l 
Post, V F W S u rv iv o rs; W ife, M r s . i 
L o u ise G. B a rn e y, Sa n A n to n io ; \ d a u g h t e r s , M r s . B e n ( C a r o l ) | 
H ouse, C o rp u s C hristi, Tex, L in d a 
B a r n e y , A u st in , T e x. S e r v i c e s 
12: JO p.m . M o n d a y, M a y 16, Su n se t F u n e ra l Hom e, C h a p la in H o y t 
A. D u d le y o fficia tin g In te rm e n t 
Ft. Sa m Houston N ational C e m e to ry w ith Fu ll M ilita ry H o n o rs, lf f r ie n d * so d e s ir e c o n t r ib u t io n s m a y be m a d e to the A m e r ic a n 
H e a rt A ssociation. V isitation w ill be held at Sunset F u n e ra l H o m e fro m 2 to IO p.m. Su nd a y, M a y IS . 
SUNSET Tome 
17o1 Austin Hwy. 828-2S11 

E Z E L L 
C o n r a d G . E z e ll. 47, o f 4 7 4 * 
S t r a n d s D r . , M e s q u it e , T e x a s , p a s se d a w a y M a y 12, local h o s p i­ tal in D a lla s . S u r v iv o r s : W ife , 
M r s . J u a n it a E z e ll; so n , G le n n 
E z e ll; d a u g h te r, H e a th e r E z e l!, all of M e sq u ite ; parents, M r. a n d 
M r s . M o r r is E. Ezell, Sr., of S a n 
A n t o n io ; b r o t h e r s , M o r r i s E . 
Ezell. Jr., of Dayton , Ohio, B o n n y 
E z e ll o f S a n A n t o n io ; s e v e r a l n ie ce s a n d nephew s. F u n e ra l s e r ­ v ic e s S a t u r d a y at 2:oo p.m . St. ; 
J a m e s E p is c o p a l C h u r c h , w ith 
R e v . P h ilip R. Stran ge o fficia tin g in te rm e n t in R e stla n d M e m o r ia l 
P a r k , D a lla s M e m o r ia l m a y be m a d e lo St j a m e s E p i s c o p a l 
C h u rc h , 9845 M c C re e Rd., D a lla s, 
T e xa s. A rra n g e m e n ts by 
S p a rk m a n / H illc re st 
F u n e ra l H om e 
D a lla s, T e x a s 

M O C K E RT 
M R S 
M A R I E 
L O U I S E 
M O C K ­ 
E R S b o r n in L a ­ 
G ra n ge. T e x a s A u g. 
4, 1878, entered rest F rid a y , M a y 
13, 1977 of the a ge of 91 ye a rs. 
M A S S 
M O N D A Y — 7 OO P M 
ST 
M A R G A R E T 
M A R Y S 
C H U R C H 
1314 F a ir A ve n u e with interm ent in Sa n F e r n a n d o 
C em e tery No. 2. S u r v iv o r s 
M r * 
P a u lin e R u h n k e , M r s . E m m a 
W h ittle a n d M r * . F lo r e n c e J e r- n ig a n . M r * 
M o c k e r ! w a s a m e m b e r of St M a r g a r e t M a r y 's 
C h u rch a nd h a s been a re sid e n t of 
S a n Antonio for the p ost 95 y e a rs. 
S e rv ic e s under the d irection of a m e m b e r ot T h e L e lo n C u d # 
F a m ily ol 

 lls-S^V^^I.^^^raMod^^aklvn 

M O L T E N I 
M r G e o rge C M oitenl, 78, 1627 W 
C ra ig PL, died T h u rsd a y. M a y 12, 
1 *7 7 . R e t i r e d fro n t th o P e a r l 
B r e w in g C o m p o n y , m e m b e r of 
C h r ist o p h e r C o lu m b u s S o c ie ty , 
H e rm a n n Sons. S u r v iv o r s : W ife, 
M r s 
K a t h e r in e 
M o lt e n ! ; d a u g h te r, M r s K a t h e r in e J e a n 
Pow ell, son, M r G e o rg e C M o i tem, sisters, M is s M a r y a nd A n ita 
M olteni, M i* . M a y n a r d B ra d e n eight g ra n d ch ild re n R o s a r y w a s recited F r id a y 8 o.m. al The A n q e iu s C h a p e l 
Fun*, rat S a t u r d a y to es a.rn 
The A n g e lu s C h a p e l, ta llo w e d b v R e q u ie m M u s s l l a rn a l S I 
F r a n c i s D i P a o l a 
C a th o lic C h u r c h C o n c e le b r a t e d b v R e v . George S t u r m . C M F , 
R e v 
A lb e rt K ip p e s. O M I, R e v 
A lb e rt F e e d , O M I, P a llb e a r e r s 
R o b e rt P ow ell. A n d re w P o w e ll, 
T o n y M a ite n i, J o h n n y B la st o id , 
C h a r l e s 
E c k e r t , 
M a y n a r d 
B ra d e n . H o n o r a r y P a l lb e a r e r 
D a v e M o ite n l. In te rm e n t in S o n 
F e r n a n d o C e m e t e r y N o. I 
A r ra n g e m e n ts bv: 
T H E A N G E L U S F U N E R A L 
H O M E 
H e n ry G u e rra 
327 1461 

M U R P H Y 
H o w a r d W. M u r p h y , a g e 81, p a s s e d a w a y M a y 
13, 
I9 » r , 
Bee ville N u rs in g H o m e F u n e r a l se rv ic e s Su nd ay, M a y 15. a l 2:oo p m. G a lla w a y A S o n * F u n e r a l 
H o m e in t e r m e n t G le n w o o d 
C e m e te ry, B ee ville . T e x a s. S u r ­ v iv e d b v 2 b r o t h e r s , C 
R 
M u rp h y , K e n e d y, T e x a s, a n d C. 
W, M u rp h y . N o rm a n n a , T e x a s; 2 s is t e r * , M r s 
A n n ie M e ld e r of 
M a th is , T e x a s o n d M i* s J e w e ll 
B r ig h t of R o c k p o rt . T e x a s 
A r ­ ra n ge m e n ts bv 
G a lla w a y & S o n * F u n e ra l H o m e 
Beeville. T e x a s 

M U M M E 
M r s . V ern ell O ttm ers M u m m e , 49, of 119 M o s s O r , died M o v 12. R e ­ sid e n t a l S a n A n to n io 37 y e a r s , m e m b e r of C o n c o rd ia L u t h e r a n 
C hu rch . S u r v iv o r s: H u sb a n d . L e ­ r o y 
M u m m e . 
S a n 
A n t o n io ; daughter, L y n d a S M o r r is * . C o r ­ p u s C hristi, Tex.; ste p -d a u gh te r, 
P a n a L. Deal, C osta M e sa , C alif,; son, R o n a ld L. M arw e il, S a n A n ­ t o n io ; s t e p s o n , 
D a m o n 
G . 
M u m m e , So n A n to n io ; b ro th e r, 
Clayton E. O ttm ers, Sa n A ntonio. 
S e rv ic e s IO a.m. S a tu rd a y , M a y 
14, R o y A k e r s F u n e ra l C h a p e ls, in te rm e n t M is s io n B u r ia l P a r k . 
P a llb e a r e r s : G e o r g e B r ig h a m , 
M a r v i n E . M u m m e , C h a r l e s 
P e a r so n , W a lla c e O ttm e rs, G il­ bert H o lm a n d A lv a G. M u m m e . 

5 1 5 N o . M a i n 
2 2 6 - 7 2 o 1 

O 'B R IE N 
M r . ja m e s L. (J im m y ) O 'B r ie n , 
64, of 336o P ie rce A m e nu e, G a ry , 
In d . , d ie d M a y IS , 1977. S u r ­ v iv o r s 
W ife, M r s . G e n e v ie v e 
C a r n e s i O 'B r ie n , so n s. P a t r ic k a n d M ic h a e l O 'B r i e n a n d 
5 g r a n d c h ild r e n all of G a r y , Hid. 
F u n e r a l s e r v ic e s o r # p e n d in g w ith R o y A k e r s F u n e ra l H om e. 

S L B N o . M a in 
2 2 6 -7 2 o 1 

S P E E R S 
C hester W. Speers, of 744 C otton ­ w ood Ave., p asse d a w ay M a y 12, 
1977 at the age of 72 y e a r s S u r ­ vive d by wife, M r s. Leo la S p e e rs, s o n a n d d a u o h t e r -ln -la w , C la r - a n e t Sp e e rs and w it* Irene, a lt o fo u r gra n d ch ild re n . F u n e r a l s e r ­ vic e s will be held 8 :IS a.m M o n ­ d a y at B r o o k e h ill C h a p e l w ith 
R e v E lm e r W e h k m g o fficia ting. 
In te rm e n t w ith m ilita r y h o n o r s w ill follow in F o rt Sa m H o u sto n 
N a t io n a l 
C o m e t a r y . 
A r r a n ­ ge m en ts with 

P R IT C H A R D j o h n W 
P r it c h a r d of B o x 133,j 
N a ta lia , T e x a s, e n te re d re st on 
M a y it , 1977 at th # a g e of ii 
I ye ar*. S u rv iv e d bv so n s anet their w ives, D o n a ld W illia m a n d w ife! 
I C a ro l P ritch a rd , J o h n P r ic h a r d ! j j r and wife D ia n a J a m e s D a v is a nd E llen P ritch ard . R o n n ie G ene 
I P r it c h a r d , oil of S o n A n to n io , 
D u a l L e o n P r it c h a r d of D a lla s , 
T o x a s; 13 g ra n d c h ild re n a n d one g re a t g ra n d c h ild 
M r 
P r it c h a r d w a s a resident of N a ta lia T e x a s fo r the p a st 4o y e a r s cmd h a s a 
( a r e t a c c u m u la t io n of f r ie n d * , the re a nd a lso s u r r o u n d a r e a * 
M r. P ritch q rd will Me in state at] 
B ro o ke h ill C hap el fro m 1o oo a rn.; 
F r id a y till to:oo p m . a tter w h ich ! the re m a in s w ill be ta k e n to the! 
C h u rc h of C hri*1 in N ata lia, T e x a s a n d w ill (ie in *fa fe th e re fro m t oo a rn 
S a tu rd a y u ntil lim e of se rv ic e s at 2,3® o .m with B r other 
T ro y R ic h a r d s o n o ffic ia tin g In 
: fe rm e n t w ill follow in the E v e r - j ai een C em e tery in O e vin e . T e xa s. 
A rra n g e m e n ts with 

U r nnh rh ii I 
711 S S M ilita ry D r 

R O BISO N 
O r E lm o J Rob ison, Jr., age 4o, I of 2o7 V illage Circle, died T h u r s ­ d a y . M o v 12, 1977. H e w o t a m e m be r of the C h u rc h of C h ris!; ! 
B e x a r C ou n ty M e d ic a l S o c ie t y ; ' 
A M A , o n d A m e r ic a n A n e s t h e i sioiogical A sso ciatio n S u r v iv o r *: I i W ife M a r ily n D R o b is o n , son, I 
> E lm o 
( J e f f ) 
R o b is o n , 
I I I ; ! daughter. Elizabeth (B e th ) R o m son; son. G re g o ry R o b ison , all of 
I S a n A n to n io ; m o th e r 
D o r is L. 
' R o b ison , O k la h o m a C ity, O k la .; b la t h e r s , 
R o n c o 
R o b is o n , 
] W a go n e r, O kla., C la r e n c e R o b ! 
I son. O k la h o m a City O k la sister, 
I J e a n Sn yd e r, M a rtin e z. C a lif A p r iv a t e m e m o r ia l s e r v ic e w a s , h eld F r id a y at 4 o 'c lo c k in the 
C o lo n ia l C h a p e l of th e P o r t e r 
I L o rin g M o rtu a ry, M r. M o t B a i lee officiated. Those w ho d e sire m a y ; send m e m orial gifts to the M e d in a 
I C h ild re n 's Hom e, M e d in a , T x or the C h r is t ia n H e r it a g e S c h o o l, i 
163o2 Sa n P e d ro 
A rr a n g e m e n ts 1 with 

Porter Loring 
5 I Q I kA cO JtXO M O H 22 7 *2 2 1 

SM IT H 
G o rd o n B Sm ith, a g e 91, of 547 
A v o n d a le A ve nu e, p a s se d a w a y 
T h u rsd a y. M o y 13, 197 7 F u n e ra l se rv ic e s will be con d ucte d S a tu r ­ d ay, 11:oo a.m in M is s io n P a r k 
F u n e ra l Chapel. Inte rm en t lo lot lo w In P e a r s a l l C e m e t e r y in 
P e a rsa ll A rra n g e m e n t* b y 

MISSION I*MIK 
F U N C R A l C H A P i lS 
1 7 o o S t M ilita ry B i 

V O G E L 
M < v C la ro Vogel, ape 82, of 54o8 
S. F io ro s St , died M a y ti, 1977 in a local hosaltut M e m b e i of Trtnt iv L u th e ra n C h u rc h S u r v iv o r s : 
D a u g h te rs, M rs. V u g ln ia K o lo a lie , M r * . G id d y * Y o u n g of S a n 
A n to n io a nd M r s G e rtru d e M a r b a c h of H o u s t o n ; b r o t h e r s . 
C h a rle s E rb e n , C alifo rn ia , H e n ry 
E rb e n , N e w B r a u n fe ls , sist e r s, 
M r s M a r y J o n a s a n d M r s E lla 
W t e d n e r of N e w B r a u n f e l s ; g ra n d c h ild re n . Stan le y K o lo d rie . 
B r e n d a T ria l, So n A n to n io a n d 
D a r le n e W a llis ot H o u s t o n ; 5 g r e a t g r a n d c h i ld r e n ; s e v e r a l n ie ce s and nep h ew s S e r v ic e s Sa t u r d a v 
I OO p m a l 
R ie l) # 
S a u n d e rs C h a p e ls w ith the R e v j 
W 
C. 
A h l r ic h o f f i c i a t i n g 
, in t e r m e n t in S a n s e i M e m o r ia l 
P o lk A rra n g e m e n ts with 

Q: When was 
Bogey bom? 

A; Humphrey Bogart was bom in 1899. 
More facts on thousands of stars of the past and present. 
Academy A wan! winners and other celebrities may Iv found in Hie 1977 
World Almanac - the book that’s a dozen books in one. Get your star-studded 
World Almanac and 
Book of Facts today at our public service counter, bookstore, newsstands, super­ markets or wherever quality reading is sold. Also available by mail with the coupon below. Mail 
Orders add bO cents for postage and handling. 

K i r a 
H m in d h b * 

 ti IV N St M f ir v '- S t at B ro o k ly n 

S E L L 
O T 
N O W 

W it h tax re b a te s n o w in m o s t h o m o s, it '* th e p e rfe c t tim e to f in d a c a t h b u y e r fo r t h o s e g o lf c lu b * y o u n o lo n g e r use! 

A n d it 's e a s y 1 J u s t c a ll u s t o d a y a n d w e 'll p u t y o u r lo w -c o s t a d in p rin t. 

F o r e x tra c a sh , sell th o se g o lf c l u b s . . . n o w ! 

You'll be amazed at the interesting jobs offered in today’s 
Want Ads! 
Call 225-1666 

 fl4Mb>fraerai 'Directors 

* * N G E X U S F U N E R A L H G .. 
H E N R Y G U E R R A 
(6o2 W. Houston 
- 
7*7-1481 

Af £ KHHtKHJEZ 
WWW 
• mw* tm 
F U N * K M H O M E 

Pre-Neod ArrangBm»nt» 
$11 Gvodotvp* $8. 
2264111 

Section 8 3 b d rm with fence, g a r ­ age, w in do w gu a rd s. C all now 
U nited, 735-9)21, fee <21o 2) 
S k y l i n e P a r k . 3 b d r m h o u s e , appt*, fenced for kids-pets. Si4o 
U nited, 735-9121, lee (228-n 
S O U T H S A N 
I b ed roo m , $6o. 
923-5911 
F R A N K « . G O N Z A L E S , R e c ite r 
S p e c ia l N W ! 
2-1-1, c a r p e t s , d rap e s, a p p ls. air, m a n y extras. 
5185 
U nited, 735-9121, fee (226-1) 
S p if f y 3 b d r m , b u ilt - in * . N E . 
Fe n ce d y a rd N o w only $175. 
U nited. 735-9121, fee (2o9-2) 
Starligh t. N ew , cen tra l w eather, appls. d ra p e s, $175. 
U nited, 73S-9121, fee (228-3) 

E V A N S 
M / S g t . J a m e s L o t io n E v a n s , 
U S A P (Ret.), 361 L o n g v ie w D r., p a s se d a w a y In a local h o sp ita l 
T h u rsd a y , M a y 12, 1977 at m e a g e af 46 ye ar*. Su rv iv e rs: W it*. M r * . 
D o ro th y L o u ise E v a n t ; d au gh te r, 
M r * . W o o d ro w “ D o r o th y ” W e ll, 
C o n v e r s e ; son, J a m e s M ic h a e l 
E v a n s , C ity ; g r a n d so n *, J a m e s 
W o o d ro w and 
R o b ert 
W a y n e 
W ail, C o n v e rse ; siste rs, M r s . A l­ m a W ebb, Litton Sp rin gs, T e x a s, 
M r s . J u d y B rackett, San M a r c o s , 
M r s . M ild r e d A n d e r s o n , C it y ; b ro th e rs, Jeff E v a n s, L o c k h a rt , 
B e n E v a n s, San M a rc o s, D ic k a n d 
B ill E v a n s, C ity; n u m e ro u s n ie ce s a n d n e p h e w s. S e r v ic e s w ill be h e ld fr o m the D e llc re st C h a p e l 
M o n d a y , M a y 14, at I: IS p m. w ith 
R e v . Je ff O. B ro w n o f f ic ia t in g V - 
T h e in te rm e n t w ill follow in Ft. 
S a m Houston National C e m e te ry with Fu ll M ilita ry H o n or*. A r r a n ­ ge m e n ts with fifllrrrat 
2oo® So. W. W. W hite 
337-4o82 

Su p e r D e jlvie w I bdrm , cent air, carpet, b ills pd $165 
U nited, 735-912), tee (25) )) 

S u p e r T o w n h o u se . J b d rm , h a s appl*, fenced, ga rage , C all 
United, 735-9121, fee (253-1) 
$55 ta k e s this I b drm . K id s-p e ts w elcom e too! C all now 
United, 735-9121, fee (323-2) 
3-2-2 V a le n c ia ( N E ) , F ire p la c e , f a m ily ro o m , c a rp e t, p o o l a n d , 
. . n - , - ! . - , , tennis club priv. Beautiful 548,ooo hom e for $375 rent, 655-o454 
............... 

V o lle y F o r g e 4-2-2, den, cove red patio, fire p la ce , c e n tra l air, c a r ­ peted. N o pets, $395. E w e s a n d w e ek en d s 532-689. 656-1187 

C e n t u r y 21 
W H IT E H E A D - H O L ID A Y 
341-7115 
R E A L T O R S 

F O R M A L a n d in fo rm al liv in g and d in in g , 4 b e d r o o m s , 2 b a t h s . 
P o p u la r N o rth w e st area. $466 m o, 
N ite s 342-111o 
C e n t u r y 21 
T R IC O , R e a lto rs 349 649! 

V a lle y H I. 3 b d r m , a ir , fe n c e , stove, reefer, only $195 
United, 735-9121, fee <21 l l) 

V A L L E Y - H t - 3 b e d r o o m , 1 'i baths, ran ge , 2 a ir units, carport, fence. S H O m o C a ll C H A R L E S 
W A T T S R E A L E S T A T E 732-2918 

HOW ARD 
M r s. G la d y * Jew el H o w ard , 74, of 
32o T a ft B lv d ., d ied M a y IO in 
J o h n so n C o u n ty H o spita l. B u r le ­ son, Tex. R e sid e n t of Sa n A n to n io 
45 y e a r s , m e m b e r o f P a l m 
H e ig h t s B a p tist C h u rc h , f o rm e r m e m b e r of P ru ttt A ve . B a a lis t 
C h u r c h a nd a m e m b e r of A m e r ­ ic a n A ss o c ia t io n of R e tire d P e r ­ so n s. S u r v iv o r s : Sons, H u g h H. 
H o w a r d , G o d le y , Te x., B itty G . 
H o w a r d , 
P a r a g o u l d , 
A r k ; b roth er, B ry o n M o rris, So m erset, 
T a x.; 8 g ra n d c h ild re n ond I g re a t g ra n d c h ild r e n , se r v ic e s I® a rn. 
M o n d a y , M a y 16, P a lm H e ig h t s 
B a p tist C h u rc h , Re v. E a r l Joh n - 
I n t e r m e n t 
E v a r g r e e n 
C em etery, 
D e vin e , 
Tex, 

ZU S 
U rim k c h ill 
E. M ilita ry Or. 

IM — Fiaeral Directors 

FUNERAL HOME 
63o1 S. BORIS 
922-6339 
Id Squyras, Director 

MOCTUAPT 

Dedicated 
Service 
Since 1896 

227 3136 
RiebeSaunders 
Chapels 

1118 N. St. Mary's 

A SENSE OF BEING 

A M O N G FRIENDS. 

PORTER LORING 
MORTUARY 

 h o i McCullough 
227-8221 

515 No. Mailt 
226-72o1 

Vicin ity W in d so r M a li; 3-2-1; a p ­ p lia n c e s; tree sh a d e d ; fen ced ; a ir; $19o mo. 655 4833 

Call 

2 2 5 - 1 6 6 6 

1o5 - CEMETERY -JjffiUlUTJ 

2 bdrm . H igh lan d s d raa. Fenced for kiddies and Fido. 
United, 735-9121, fee (212-2) 

FOR SALE OR LEASE 
2 A N D 3 B E D R O O M 
P A T IO H O M E S 
R E A L T O R S 
824-4351 
S T E R L IN G B U R K E 

K E Y G R O U P 

W elfare Special. 2 bdrm house, no deposit, fam ily-pets tine. 

— 
^ 
: J.?*. m 5 3 
) 
S uns e t M e m o ria l P a r k , s p a c e s ! 
W in dcre st 3-2-2, N E IS D , co ve re d 
, * 2> ,o t 374, se cttan 2o. $86®. 
1-512-1423, E a rl Mevsn, Gen. Dei. j M ath ew s* Realtor 
N ixon, Tx. TMI®. _ 

J .Y ;! 
» » « fe n c e d , c o r n e r lot. $279 m e 
922 2173, 674-75o9. 

W o n t lo sit' 2 b d rm *, fenced, in 
H a rlan d ale SISO. Call 
U nited, 735-9121, 

F O R S A L E : B eautiful co m p an - 
‘ * it 14, S u n s e t ; 
M e m o r i a l 
C e m e t a r y . I 
$9oo,V .W righ t, 31 Juniper, K e r r -: 
Ville, T x 78628, or phone 8o4-4oo8" I 
‘T W IN C R Y P T S , Roselaw n P a rk , 
$12oo. C all 433-6974. 
. 1 

Se rvin g your fam ily w ith care and concern. 

F U N E R A L C H A P E L S 

S IS WOITH M A IN A V IN U I 
226-72o1 

AM L BICA S FINEST F U N E HAL FA CILITILS 

,1tm/Hiamo 

I •iii*' 
A fu n e :ra l hom e 

211 Brooklyn at H. Alamo 

9 
SSM 
■ ■ ■ 
2P* 

' J Tu 
JuLviClub. 'Daiiuli/ 

1 
I 

25oo Broadway 
Hsxas Instrum ents microelectronic digital watches 
5 FUNCTION 

• Hour • Minute 
• Second 
• Month • Date 

ASST. STYLES 
HURRY 

While they Last 
Your Choice 

583-oo2 

$ o 9 9 

SCHICK PRO 
DRVER 12oo Watt 

* 
Direct air flow for greater drying power 

* 
Extra lightweight 

* 
2 Speeds 3 heat settings in one switch 

* 
High velocity concentrator nozzle 
Sugg. Ret. $33.98 
* 1 4 ”” 

A 
| 

 not as shown 
362 
2 2 6-o12 

^ 
/ i S i 
( / .. 

 r n 
: 

RD 12oo 

226-o1o 

LADY 
SCHICK 
STYLER with 
Mist 

* 
8oo watts 

* 
S styling and drying accessories* 
Professional styling brush, two styling combs, on concenfrato nonle ond accessory handle 

‘ 
3 position switch super dry style, off 

Sugg. Ret. $32.98 is I Qfttt 

SCHICK 
S A M P S O N 
DRYER WITH 
MIST not as shown 
3 6 1 -226-o1 I 
8o o watts 

3 position switch., super dry, style, off. Professional 

 styling attachments, styling brush, comb and oir concentrator 

 nozzle 

Sugg. Ret. $32.98 

 k 1 
3 
» n 

SCHICK 
FLEX A M A TIC 9 o o 
RECHARGABLE SHAVER 

Cord or cordless. Luxury gift and travel 

 case with mirror. Super thin flexible 

 screen. 32 Shick blades. Wide barber 

 style trimmer. Charge indicator light to 

 tell you when shaver is charging. 

Sugg. Ret. $ 4 9 .9 5 

LADY SCHICK 
SHAVING 
WAND 
X-1o 
226-o16 

226-o18 

Lady 
Shick 
Shav­ 

 ing 
W and- 
The 

Lady's shaver with 

 the exclusive brush 

 head and wide groom ing 

 light for extra clean and 

 comfortable shaving on legs 

 and underarms. 
Sugg. Ret. $19.95 
8 I 4 99 

FRANK-N-BURGER 
GRILL^^^H 

148-o71 

Cooks hamburgers, steoks, 

 hotdogs, grills sandwitches, toast bagels, muffins, heals pies locking 

 handle for no splatter cooking. Easy to 

 clean, non stick coding surface. Com­ 

 pact size for easy use in the kitchen or the dormitory.1299 

Page 
I 2-D 
San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS — 
Saturday May I 4 I 977 
D O W T O N I E S I N D U S T R I A L JIV T E R A C S E . N Y S E I W P E X 
Market up de spite interest rate hike 

NEW YORK (AP) — 
The stock market closed m o d e ra te ly h ig h er 
Friday despite an an­ nounced increase in the p rim e in terest rate charged by the nation’s major banks. 
The Dow Jones average of 3o industrial stocks was up about four points during the day but gave part of that up near the close. 
It finished 2.8o higher at 928.34. 
Gainers outnumbered losers by a margin of about 8 to 5 among issues listed on the New York 
Stock Exchange. 
T r a d i n g w a s m o d e ra te ly active. 
Volume on the Big Board reached 
19.78 million shares, down from the 
21.98 million shares the previous day. 
The 
Dow 
Industrial average showed a net loss s 

 of about 18 points in the fiv e s e s s io n s that p re c e d e d 
F r id a y ’s trading, partly reflecting concerns over the na­ tion’s credit policy and the prospect of a hike in the prime rate, which had been unchanged since January. 
Despite announcements 
Friday by the nation’s largest banks of a hike in the prime rate from 6*4 to 
6% per cent, the market rem ained stable then e x p e r ie n c e d som e b arg ain hunting by traders, analysts noted. 
Analysts also noted a variety of other factors influencing traders. 
A news report quoting sources as saying a majority of the Organ­ 

 ization of 
Petroleum 
Exporting Countries had decided to abandon plans for a 5 per cent oil price increase in July was seen as p ossibly cooling inflation worries. 
But one analyst noted that reaction to that report, published by the Middle 
East Economic Journal, a weekly, might not surface until early next week. 
Standard 
& 
Poor’s index of 4oo industrial stocks picked up .33 to 
1o9.39, and S&P’s 5oo- stock composite index rose .3o to 99.o3 as of the 4 p.m. close of the NYSE. 
The NYSE’s most ac­ tive issue was Sony 
Corp., up *4 at 9%. 
T rading included a 
4oo,ooo-share block at 

87/8- 
Petroleum issues were generally higher but 
Getty Oil, off 2 to 179*4, and Atlantic Richfield, down % to 57, were ex­ ceptions. in other trading, Inter­ national 
Business Ma­ chines advanced % to 
253*4; Texas Instruments climbed 2*4 to 84*4, and 
Johnson & Johnson fin­ ished up 1% at 659. 
The NYSE’s composite index of all its listed common stock rose .17 to 
54.13. 
On the Ameri­ can Stock Exchange, the m a rk e t value index advanced ,35 to 114.o4. 
The NASDAQ composite index for the over-the- counter market closed up 
.45 at 97.41. 

Farm bill to include research program 

WASHINGTON (AP) 
— The omnibus farm bill the House expects to take up next month includes a five-year. $24-miIlion re­ search program to ex­ plore ways to use farm crops and m anure in­ stead of oil as a source of industrial chemicals. 
It also would authorize four pilot projects, using loans of up to $15 million each to finance the actual production of such chemicals if the research 

 inoicated that more en­ ergy can be drawn from those sources than from fossil fuels like oil and coal. 

The program was in­ cluded in the bill earlier this week by the House 
Agriculture Committee at the suggestion of Rep. 
Charles Thone, R-Neb. 
On Thursday, as that panel wits approving the final 165-page package,, the House Science Com­ mittee also was approv- 
Travelers face bus fare hikes 

WASHINGTON (AP) 
— Higher bus fares for traveling Americans ap­ pear in the offing follow­ ing action Friday by the 
Interstate Commerce 
Commission. 
The 
National 
Bus 
Transport Association, which represents the major interstate and in­ tercity bus firms, said it would seek higher rates to be effective early next week, probably Tuesday. 
The bus operators won a temporary ti per cent fare increase in March and had sought to add another 7 per cent to that starting Sunday. 
But the IGC turned down the latest request, advising the bus opera­ 

 tors they instead could 
’apply for an extra 5 per cent. 

 iug legislation to guaran­ tee loans for the private development of synthetic fuels from such things as animal wastes. 
The farm bill’s provi­ sions would allow grants of up to $3 million each to land-granl colleges and universities for research into extracting alcohol and other industrial hy­ drocarbons front forest products and agricultur­ al commodities. 
Hydrocarbons are the chemical building-blocks for plastics, among other products. 
Other projects covered by the Thone provision would include studies of the production and mar­ keting of coal tar to be used in making alcohol- blended motor fuel and such farm chemicals as fertilizers, herbicides and pesticides. 

4 ’ o r c o 

 d e l a y s 

 m e e t i n g 

Commonwealth Oil 
Refining 
Company, 
Inc., has postponed it s annual meeting, origin­ ally scheduled for 
Tuesday, Gary W. Da­ vis, president and chief executive officer, said 
F riday in a letter to shareholders. 

Davis said the com­ pany had decided on a postponement as a re­ sult of developm ents announced earlier this week which included agreem ents with Ash­ land Oil, Inc., the go­ vernment of Puerto Ri­ co, a group of banks, 
Tesoro Petroleum Corp. and crude oil suppliers designed to help solve 
Corco’s current finan­ cial problems. 

Coffee price cut spreads 

WHITE PLAINS, N.Y. (AP) — Gen­ eral Foods Corp., (he nation’s largest coffee roaster, on Friday joined 
Procter & Gamble Co. in reducing the wholesale price of coffee. 

General Foods said it is cutting the wholesale price of ground coffee by 25 cents a pound; its best-selling Maxwell 
House brand now will cost $4.21. At the same time, it cut decaffeinated coffee prices by 35 cents a pound. 

Procter & Gamble, the second lar­ gest roaster, on Thursday cut the price of Folger coffee by 25 cents to $4.18 a pound, but both companies’ actions simply cancel out increases announced earlier this spring. 
General Foods, whose offices are in 
White Plains, N.Y., gave no reason for the cut, but the C incinnati-based 
Procter & Gamble had cited a decline in unroasted coffee prices in recent weeks. 

S.A . Livestock Wholesale Meat 

CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 
Marketplace 

Special Stocker Cow and Replacement Sale 
Sat, May 14 at I p.m. 
Frio Livestock Sale 
Pearsall, Tx. 
Selling 15oo Head of Cat­ tle. Consignments in­ cludes the following: 
112 Strictly Choice 3 to 5 yr old Braford Prs. 
From I Ranch 
154 - Choice Braford and 
Brangus Cows with Big 
Calves. 13o - 2 yr old 
Braford Heifers exposed to Brangus Bulls. 19o 
Choice Braford Heifers 
Bred to Brangus and 
Brahman Bulls. 
72 - 5 yr old Croasbred 
Prs. 
8o - 4 yr old 
Crossbred Cows with Big 
Calves. SO - 5 yr old 
Brangus Prs. 28 - 3 to 5 yr old 
White 
Brahman 
Cows, calving. 2oo - 3 to 5 yr old Crossbred Cows 
Calving out of Simmental 
Bulls. 15o • Yearling 
Braford 
Heifers. 
26 
Yearling White Brahman 
Heifers. 28 - 3 yr old 
Brangus Heifers. 8 • 4 yr old Hereford Bulls. 5 - yr old Brangus Bulls. IO 
Brahman Bulls. 25 
Choice 4 yr old Hereford 
Bulls, ll - 3 & 4 yr old 
Charolais Bulls. 13 - 3 & 4 yr old Angus k Brangus 
Bulls 
All Cattle will be Bangs & 
Pregnancy Tested and 
Clean. For Further Info. or to Consign Cattle Con tact Harry Harrison at 
1-334-2355; or 1-334-82o8. 

Lone Star Livestock 
Commission Co. 
623-52oo 

GMC TRUCKS 
4 Wheel Drive, Short k 
Long Wheel Base Van­ d a ls k Suburbans 
TINDALL k SON 
Pontiac, GMC 

ALMAC Const Co. 
AU Types of Steel Bldgs 
€56-o881 

F E D E R A L S TA T E 
M A R K E T NEW S S ER V IC E 

C A T T L E 
A N O 
C A L V E S 
Receipts this week estimated at 
5,635 and compares with 4,984 last week and 2,987 last year. 
CO M P AR ED TO LAST W E E K : 
Slaughter calves and yearlings fully $2 higher 
Slaughter cows weak, atter losing the advanced posted on M on day. S la u g h te r bulls SI-2 lower and weak at full decline. Feeder steers and bulls 
$1 lower, instances $2 lower after re c o v e rin g p a rt of the e a r ly week's downturn. Feeder heifers steady to Si lower with most late sales near steady. Demand very good for fleshy heifers weighing 
4oo 65o lbs. as p a ck e r b u ye rs quite aggressive in order to fill sla u g h te r re q u ire m e n ts 
Slaughter cows com prised about 
12 per cent of the run and slaughter calves and yearlings m ade up n e a rly 8 pe r cen t. 
Balance largely Good and Choice 
3oo 6oo lb. feeder steers and bulls with several consignments 6oo 8oo lbs. noted in the run. Bulk feeder heifer supply mostly good to low 
Choice weighing 3oo-525 lbs. 
S L A U G H T E R C A L V E S A N D 
Y EA R LIN G S : Good and Choice 
' 4oo 7oo lbs. 537.5o-39.5o, few 
539 75. Mostly Good 533.5o-37.5o, bulk $34-36.5o. Standard and low- 
Good S29.75-33.2S. 

SLA U G H T ER COWS: Utility 2-3 and some 4 $24.75 27.75, som e early week s sales 528-28.5o. Cut­ ter $22.25-26 25, high dressin g 
$26.5o-26.75. Canner and low Cut­ ler $17.25-23. 
S L A U G H T E R B U L L S 
Y ie ld g ra d e 
12 
1,ooo 1,85o lb s. 
$3 1 .75-35.75, la te sa le s 
$31.75-33.5o, few early in the week 
9oo 1,15o tbs. $31.75-33.5o. 
F E E D E R 
S T E E R S 
A N D 
B U L L S : Mostly C h oice 3oo 4oo lbs. $42.75-44.75; 4oo 5oo lbs. 
$41.25 44.25; 
5oo 6oo lbs. 
$39.25-41.75 ond 6oo 8oo lbs. 
$38-39.75. Good and Choice 225-3oo lbs. $4o.25-45.25, 3oo 4oo lbs. 
$39.75-44.25; 
4oo 5oo lbs. 
$39.25 41.25; 5oo-6oo lbs. $38 41. 
M o stly 
Good 
275-4oo lb s. 
$37.25-39.75; 4oo-5oo lbs. $36.25-39; 
5oo-6oo lbs $35 38 and 6oo-8oo lbs. 
$33 75-36 75. Standard and low 
Good $31.25-35.25 and m ostly 
Standard $3o-32.5o. 
F E E D E R H E I F E R S : M ostly 
Choice 3oo 45o lbs. $35.5o 36 25; 
Good and C h oice 3oo 55o lbs. 
$34-35.5o, few early $36. Mostly 
Good 225 3oo lbs. $31.25-33.5o; 
3oo-6oo lbs $31.25-33.75, mostly 
$32.25 33.25, some sales $34-34.25. 
Standard ond iow-Good 
$27.25-31.25. 
HOGS: Receipts this week 8o7, last week 1,o92 ond last year 5o7. 
CO M P AR ED TO LA ST W E E K ; 
B a rro w s and g ilts $1.75-2.5o higher and sows fully $3 higher. 
Neither gclass tested after 
Monday 
BARROW S AN D G ILT S : U.S. 
1-3 2oo-24o lbs. $39.5o-4o.5o, late sales mostly $4o-4o.5o. 2-3,19o-26o lbs. $38.5o-4o, mostly $39-4o. 
SOW S: U.S. 1-3 3oo-4oo lbs. 
$33-35. Few U S. I 2 27o-33o lbs. 
$36. 4oo 6oo lbs. $31-33, few wet sows $29.3o. 

F E D E R A L STA TE 
M A R K E T NEW S SER VICE 

W H O L E S A L E M E A T T R A D E 
(less than carlot) W E E K E N D 
ING M AY 12 
C O M P A R ED TO LAST W E E K : 
Good and Choice steer and heifer beet St higher. Cow beef uneven 
Utility weak to St lower and Can nor and Cutter S2 higher. Bull beef 
SI lower and Colt $2-3 higher. 
Good and Choice beef prim al*: 
Hindquarters firm to $4 higher. 
Forequarters unevenly steady. 
Square cut ch u ck s firm . Arm chucks weak to $1 lower. Rounds firm to $2 higher 
Ribs steady. 
Trimmed loins $9 IO higher. Bon­ eless cow beef steady and bone­ less bull beef $2 lower. 
S T E E R AND H E IF E R B E E F : 
Choice, 4oo-7oo lbs., $69 7o. Stan­ dard and Good 1-3, 35o-6oo lbs., 
$68 7o. 
COW B E E F : Breaking Utility, 
2 a, $49 5o. Boning U tility , 1-3, 
$5o-53. Canner and Cutter, 1-2, 
S5A57. 
BU LL: Yield grade 1-2, 6oo lbs. and up, $62. 4oo 6oo lbs.. $61. 
C A L F : 
G ood and C h o ic e , xSp 3oo lbs., $69 only. 
B E E F PRIM ALS; Yield 2-4. 
H I N D Q U A R T E R S - 115-18o lbs.: Choice, $84 92. Good, $82 9o. 
F O R E Q U A R T E R S - 12o 19o lbs.: Good and Choice, $51-57. 
SQU ARE CUT C H U C K S-S o -8 o lbs.; Good and Choice, $6o-63. 
Arm chucks — 5o-9o lbs.: Good ond Choice. $54-57. 
ROUNDS — 5o 85 lbs.: Choice. I 
$8o-85. Good, SSO 84. 
R IBS — 25 35 lb s: C h o ic e , 
$9o-94. Good, $89 92. 
TR IM M ED LOINS — 4o-7o lbs.: 
Choice. $127-128 Good, $12o-121. 
Boneless cow beef: 9o per cent lean. S/8. 
Boneless bull beef: 9o per cent lean, S83. 
S.A. Feedlot 

F E D E R A L STATE 
M A R K E T NEW S SERVICE- 

D IR E C T S A L E S FO R SOU TH 
A N D 
S O U T H E A S T 
T E X A S 
W EEK END IN G M A Y 12. 
C O N FIR M E D : 5,325; Trode in . 
South and S o u th e a st T e x a s m oderate. D e m an d m oderate with fairly good feedlot inquiry lote. Buyers rather bearish early in face of lower wholesale beef prices. H ow ever, selle rs were eauallv strong and sold very few cattle of the full downturn. Only three loads slaughter steers in this week's supply and no price com parison. Slaughter heifers weak to mostly 5o cents lower. All cattle FOB teedio* with 4 per cent pencil shrink and tor delivery within IO days. 
S LA U G H T ER S T E E R S : Three loads mostly Choice with 3o per cent Good 2 3 1,o5o lbs. $43. 
S L A U G H T E R 
H E I F E R S : 
Three loads Good and Choice 9oo lbs. late last week $41.75. Good with 2o-5o per cent Choice 2-3 
75o-85o lbs. $39.5o-4o. Mostly Good 
66o 775 lbs. $39-39,5o and few loads 
1-2 485-65o lbs. $38 38.5o, 
C A R C A S S BA SIS: Two loads heifers live weight near 7. .o lbs. at $65 CW T on a hot c a rc a s s w e ig n t basis.___________________ 

Year’s Highs 
And Lows 

N r stocks new nign-iows 
N E W H iG H S -91 
A C F Ind 
AtlisChalm 
Am Credit 
Anixter Bro 
An sui Co 
ApacheCp 
ArkLa Gas 
BellCnda 
Buff Forge 
CIRltylnv 
CaterpTr 
Centex Corp 
Cion BcHI 
Coast St Gas 
Colon Penn 
Colt indust 
ColilndpiA 
Coll Indpf D 
ConNafGs 
Cont ll I Cp wi 
DennisMfg 
Dial Finl 
Dover Cp 
Dymo Ind 
ElPaso Co 
Fairch Ind 
Finl Feder 
F lex i Van Cp 
Fla Gas 
Fluor Corp 
FluorpfB 
Frigitronc 
Gearhart 
GilletteCo 
Harsco Cp 
Honeywell 
Hoover BB 
HughesHat 
IC Tnds 
ICInds pf 
ICInd 3 5opfwi 
ICInds pf A 
Inexco Oil 
Interpub Gp 
K ansPL 2 23p< 
Kawec Ber! 

L i n e a t 
LincN pf A 
M acAndFo 
Mallory 
Mallei Inc 
Menasco 
M GM 
Midld Ross 
NiM3 4opf 
Nwst md 
Nrwst In wt 
Nwstlndpf 
Nucor Corp 
Olinkraft 
Palm Beach 
Park Hann 
Patrick Pell 
Peabdy Int 
PhillipsPet w i 
Pitney Bow 
PlesseyLtd 
PubSvc Col 
RC.Acv4pf 
RaA2 25pf 
Raymndlnt 
Reliab Sir 
Roper Corp 
Shaped Ind 
Soc Line 
Southdwn 
Southdwn pf 
SouthCai Ed 
StudWorth 
StuWorpf A 
StuWor pf B 
Tektronixn 
Transco Cos 
Triang Pac 
OnilevrLtd 
Unit Indust 
Unit Ind pf 
Uni Tel 
Wall Murr 
Weathrhd 
Wn Publish 

Express-News Want Ads 225-1666 

N EW LO W S— 43 
AmesDep St 
Arctic Ent 
Assd DGds 
AvcoCpwt 
BarberOil 
Benet 4.3opf 
BristMyer wi 
Calpac Util 
ChaseMTr 
CrouseHd pf 
Daytn Mud 
Dentsply Int 
Eckerd Jk 
EltraCp 
Feder [astr 
Fisher Fds 
Fleminq Co 
Harcourt 
Hillenbrnd 
Inland Stl 
Kroehler 
Masonite 

Melville Cp 
M errlilLyn 
Nat Indust 
Orangeco 
Penney JC 
QuakOat 3pf 
Republic Stl 
RevcoDS 
Ronson 
Seagram Co 
Shell Oil 
ShellOilwi 
Sherwn Wm 
Texglf 3pf 
Thom Betts 
USFor Sec 
US Shoe 
Wachov Cp 
WalkerH A 
War Swasey 
Woolwth pf 

American new high-lows 
N EW H I G H S - 35 
AlbaWalan 
AngloCo Ltd 
Arrow Elect 
Austral Oil 
Banner Ind 
Bnf StdB 
Braun Eng 
Butler Int 
CM I Corp 
F OOdwyNtl 
Gouldlnv Tr 
GI Bas Pet 
GutfRep Fin 
Health Mor 
Inarco Cp intFdsvc 
Interpool 
Inter way Cp 

 tonics inc l.eh Press 
Logistic In 
MePub Sv 
Nat System 
Pall Corp 
RHMedSv 
RLC Corp 
Resorting A 
Resort intl B 
RuddickCp 
ShenandCp 
StdCoosa Th 
Unit AircPd 
Vee co Instr 
WUI Inc 
Wabash Inc 

MONDAY — Prices moved lower in early trading as concern over last week’s increase in money supply dampened buying incentive. Volume of trading at 15,23o,ooo shares was the lowest since the day following 
Thanksgiving. The Dow Jones Indus­ trial Average closed with a loss of 3.65. 
Chartistnoted that both the DJIA and 
NYSE curves bumped their heads against the down-sloping trend lines. 
TUESDAY — 
Trading picked up, 
“ bid” prices picked up, and the Dow industrials closed the day with a gain of 3.o5. Volume totaled 21,o9o,ooo shares. Bullish news was mostly lack­ ing and the Federal Reserve indicated a tightening of credit policy. Airlines as a group were outstanding gainers. 
WEDNESDAY — Selling emphasis was focused on the blue chip stocks, with the DJIA scoring a greater per­ centage drop than the NYSE index of all common stocks. The Dow lost 9.24. 
Leading the most active list was East­ man Kodak with 385,8oo shares traded and closing off 2% at 581.4, a new 1977 low. Other blue chips making new lows included IBM closing at 253, Procter & 
Gamble closing at 73*4 and Union 
Carbide closing at 52%. A boardroom wit was heard to remark that some of the “ blue chips” were turning into 
“pale blue chips.” The NYSE index lost o.32. 
THURSDAY — The declining trend continued. After being down six points 

 in the first hour of trading, the sell off halted and the average gradually pulled back even. The Dow posted a loss of 1.36 at the close. In the whole market, declines led advances by a small 2 per cent. The NYSE index closed with a tiny o.o2 loss. After the close, the nation’s basic MI money supply showed a drop of $1.5 billion from the previous week and commer­ cial and industrial loans were down at major N.Y. city banks. 
FRIDAY — Despite an increase in the prime rate to 6*4 per cent from 6*4 per cent by major banks, the market was able to move upward. The DJIA closed up 2.8o and the HYSE Index up 
o.17. Advances led declines by 528 and upside volume was twice downside volume. 
SUMMARY — A shadow hung over the market — more inflation, taxes, tightening of credit, etc. The Dow 
Jones Industrials lost 8% points and the NYSE Index of all common stocks a smaller percentage loss of o.17 on the week. Some brokers and analysts said the modest selloff was valiant in face of investor’s mood. 

RANGE 
— High was m ade on 
Tuesday at 941.4o. Low was made on 
Thursday at 917,74. Close, Friday, 
928.34. Loss on the week, 8.4o. Volume; all shares traded on the NYSE, 97.o6 million shares. 

ANALYSIS BY CHARIES CARDEN 
Orange prices aided by USD A forecast 

COMMODITY 
REPORT 
Furnished by Gerald S. 
Cohn, vicepresident* sales division, San An­ tonio office. Roc he Hal­ sey Stuart Inc. 

This week the Depart­ ment of Agriculture re­ leased its latest forecast of output and yield for 
Florida oranges. 
Both estim ates were unchanged from last m onth’s estim ates of 
192,ooo,ooo boxes (ex­ cluding Temples, a spe­ cialty variety) and 1.o8 gallons per box. 
As a result, most prog­ nostications for this sea­ son’s outturn will remain 

 total received a positive interpretation and in subsequent trading, prices rose to new sea­ sonal highs. 
The July delivery, which will be the nearest after the expiration‘of 
May next W ednesday, reached the mid-8o-cent level and was aided by good demand indications along with the high prices being paid by pro­ cessors for the remaining in the 165 to 17o-million- Valencia oranges. gallon range. 
Prior to the release, expectations had existed for an add-on to the box count, so the unchanged 
Beverage industry studies sweeteners 

N EW LOW S— 19 
Bergen Bra 
BergBru pf 
Cdn Occidnt 
Coach mn 
DelhilntOil 
Executvlnd 
Fairm ntCh 
HomeCM B tmperOil A 
Incoterm A 

Kuhns BigK 
Milch! EDw i 
Mortons Sh 
PennRI Est 
Scrivner inc 
SecMtgt wf 
Topos Gum 
UnBrand wt 
VermntAm 

Sugar-free sweeteners are available should the proposed saccharin ban take effect, but they all contain calories, a San 
Antonio soft drink manu­ facturer said Friday. 
W.B. Matthews, presi­ dent of Canada Dry Bot­ tling Co., said the bever­ age industry is studying several alternate swee­ tening agents in antici­ pation of the Food and 
Drug 
A dm inistration ban, but has yet to come up with a substitute. 
“ Caloric sugar-free sweeteners are of little use to diabetics attempt­ ing to control carbohy­ drate intake or people concerned about obesity who m ust count ca­ lories,” he said. 
M atthews said the 
American Diabetes Assn. and the American Dental 
Assn. have expressed concern the ban would create more health ha­ zards for m illions of 
Americans. 
“ The saccharin ban will be a serious blow to manufacturers, but will be equally damaging to millions of consumers who will be denied the 
.last calorie-free sween- lener now available,” 
Matthews said. 
He also said beverage industry leaders would attend a public hearing 
Wednesday in Washing­ ton to detail the adverse 

 effects the ban will have on the nation’s health. 
The proposed ban is based on a study spon­ sored by the Canadian governm ent. 

In Chicago, soybean prices continued to gy­ rate widely, with limit moves more the rule than the exception. 
The recent decline was arrested when the July delivery found support near the $9 level and changed direction to close higher on the week. 
Exports and crushings continue to run at a healthy clip and the US- 
DA raised its export forecast by 6 million bu­ shels for the season to 55o million bushels. 

Loeal stocks 

PREVIOUS WEEK LAST WEEK 

OTO 
Amer Sec Life 

Cafeterias, Inc. 

Frost Bank Corp. . 
Gulf E nergy......... 
Mere of Tx Comm 
Mere of Tx Pfd . . . 
Olympia Brew 

Bid 
Ask 
Bid 
Ask 

4*4 
5 
4*4 
5 
26*/2 
— 26*4 
__ 
.19% 2o34 
1934 2o*4 
18% 
19 
19% 
2o 
. 21 22*4 
21 22*4 
11*4 12*4 
1234 
13*4 
25% 26*4 
26 26*4 
64 
65 
65*4 66*4 
.19*4 
2o 
19*4 2o*4 
, 37 38*4 
37 38*4 
13 13*4 
12% 13% 
23*4 24*4 2o*4 21*4 

NET 
Change 

 up I 

 up 1*4 up %, up up *4 

 dn Hi dn 3 
(xd) 15% stock 

AMEX 
PREVIOUS 
I.AST 
WEEK 
WEEK 
Conroy, Ine................................. 4 
4*4 
Fox-Stanley P h o to .............. 
7 
7 
Howell C orp...................... 1434 
141/2 
LQ Motor In n s.................... 9% 
914 

NYSE 
Church’s Chick.................... 
31 
3o14 
D atapoint............................. 
22 
22*4 
Harte H anks...................... 27*4 
2734 
Tesoro Pet......................... 12 Hi 
13% 

MUTUAL FUNDS 
USAA Cap Growth 
7.4o 
7.41 
USAA Income................ 12.oo 
12.o3 
United Service................. 1.45 
1.49 

Net 
Change up *4 

 dn Vt dn Vi 

 dn 34 up *4 up *4 up 1*4 

 up .o1 up .o3 up .o4 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS — Saturday May 14 1977 
Page I 3-D 

C om plete nation w id e com p osite p rices 

Y e w 
Y o r k s t o c k s 
E xclu sive In San Antonio 

A — B — ( ' 

Sates 
Net ih d s . | High lo w last Chg. 

73> 
I5U 
5o’ < 
73% 
IOU 
49’ a 
13’ 4 
3' 4 
13' J 
S 
I i'a 
35 '4 
51 
U H 
7o 
3’ a 
35H 
15’ 4 
33’ 4 
19’ a 
W H 

NEW YORK IA P ) — Trading for the week in New York 
Stock Exchange issues 

Y early 
High lo w 
38'n 
32*a A C F In d 7 1o 
356 
19’ 4 A M E 
I 24 1ox661 
W H APL CP 
I 5 
757 
36’ 4 AR ASv 
13? IO 
182 
17’ 4 ASALtd 
8o x733 
9% A TO Inc 
4o 6 
626 
4o 
A b b tla b 
I 
12 1394 
9’ 7 Acm eClv 5o 16 
65 
o4 
5 
2% AdmDg 
11'a Adm E x I 15e 
3H Adm M il lOe 
7 
VU Addrssg lOe 17 
28% AefnaLf 1.2o 
7 
4 4'* AefnaLf pf 2 
IO’ •• A guirre 
15’ a Anmans 
4o 
6 
3 
Aileen 
6o 
25 
A ir Prod 2ob l l 1o17 
12’ a A irb n F rt 
6o l l 
789 
78' 4 Airco 
I 15 
7x195 
16 
Akron a 
I 2o 78 
1 71 

113 
176 
58 
51o 
4627 
6 
46 
72o 
159 

38% 
7o 
13% 
38 
2 o% 
1o+8 
42’ 6 
I? 
3 
WU 

14% AlaGas 
116' 4 112 
AlaP pf ll 
’OS 
93 
A la p pf9 44 
89’ 4 A la p p f 8 16 
89’ 7 A laP p f8 28 
15 
A laskln 
66 
17'4 A lbanyln 
8o 
6 
Al ber toe 
19% Alberlsn 
23’ a Alcan Al 
18’ a AlcoStd 
17'4 AlconLb 
5 * 4 A lexdrs 
11'a AtlegCo 
71 ’ 4 A llqLud 1.28 
39’ 4 A llgLud pf 3 
197a A llgP w 
I 68 
13 
A llenG rp 
7o 

94’ a 
93’ 4 
21’ 4 
TO’ a 
8’ a 
23’ 4 
29 ’ 4 
23% 
73’ a 
8’ a 
14’ 4 
25’ a 
43’ a 
22*a 
14’ 4 
48*4 
14*8 
17’ 4 
77 
3’ 7 
33*4 
9’ 3 
19 
59’ 4 
36 >4 
59’n 
111 
SVU 
797 a 
13’ a 
7o’ 4 
37’ 4 
36’ 4 
HO’ 4 
74 l i ’ 4 
Pa 
77’ 4 
15 
47 
76 
46 ’ a 
11 'a 
41 ’ a 
24 
?>4 
19 ’ a 
79 >4 
13’ 4 
27’ a 
8 
14’ 7 
25 ’ 4 
15’ 4 
3’ 4 
17*4 
25'a 
19 
71' 4 
3o 
7?'4 
76'a 
37’ a 
MO 
31 
S7a 
IJ ’ 4 
IO’ a 
5’ 4 
46 
147a 
161 a 
35 
93’ 4 
IO’ 4 
34 >4 
65' a 
6 8 'a 
5o' 4 
51’ a 
13’ 4 
19’ 4 
IPB 
17’ 4 
19' a 
17 ‘ a 
33'4 
17' J 
18'» 
287 a 
13' 4 
9 ’ a 
7'a 
76’a 
8'a 
56’ 4 
8'a 
37 
76’ 4 
7’ 1 

25’ 4 
4 17a 
?’ a 
97U 
14’ 4 
37 
4’ a 
1714 
31 
71‘a 
5 ’ a 
3’ 4 
TO 
118 
I? 
34*4 
3’ 4 
8 
3?'a 
3oV 
56’ 4 
77u 
79 ’ a 
7o 
IV’ 4 
317 a 
23' a 
37 ’ a 
33' a 
16’ a 
3’ a 
24‘ a 
59’ 4 
TO? 
52*4 
73 
78 
3o 
1o 
16'8 
I ’ 4 
49’ 4 
23’ a 
IS’ a 
19 ’ a 
4o 
19’ 4 
?’ 4 
45 ’ B 
9>b 
13’ 4 
49’a 
16 
71’ a 
?9'a 
77’ 4 
61 
76 
’8 J4 
18J a 
22H 
79’ 4 
38 
IS’ 4 
3o’a 
4? 
79 ’ a 
38’ 4 
I i 7 a 
197a 
19'a 
43U 
34’ 4 
39’ 4 
4o7 a 
3V 
23’ 4 
5’ a 
3? 
783 a 
77' a 
347a 
24 7 a 
9% 
?934 
76’ 4 
8 ’ 4 
27’ 4 
6’ 4 
48’ 4 
227a 
17 
95 
77 
6o% 
54 
3o 
7’ 4 
3'a 
6*4 
74 
4o ’a 
34' a 
2o* a 
16'a 
71 *4 
73 ’a 
31 ’ a 
6 7a 
334 
53’ 4 
33U 
7734 
35’ 4 
337a 
5 
77’ ? 
98’ 4 
13 
16 l l ’ a i l 34 
33’ 4 
687 a 
3?34 
44 
16'a 
357e 
27’ a 
27’ 4 
9'a 
IO’ 4 
73’ 4 
11 
17% 
27’ 4 
77’ a 
2?’ a 
62 
6 % 
1o'a 
36’ 4 
8 ’ a 
13 
22'a 
I? ’ 4 
2o% 
3o 

11’ i 
34’ a 
5o 
-,3' b 
18 V 
3’ 4 
26’ 4 
13’ a 
32*4 
18’ a 
7 x22 
15U 
11o8o IIS ’ 4 IU 
145 1o3’ A 1o3 

37' a 
19% 
WH 
36 ’ < 
19' 4 
IO' a 
41 
11*8 
234 
12*8 
37a 
1o*8 
33'a 
5o 
131* 
ISH 
3 
25' 4 
12' 4 
31*8 
177 8 
15'4 

8 
6 
.36 19 
8o 
9 
8o 
.96 
5 
32 13 

142 
47o 
688 
12 
72 
236 
15 3297 
79? 

3oe 
6oa 

64 
45e 71 
I 
7 

433 
6 
95 
7 
533 
1o 
144 
64 
8 2538 
7 
14o 
12 2162 
8 
78 
68 
475 
89 
2o78 
125 

93 
9o' 4 
18*8 
18*8 
73e 
22*b 
29 
22' 4 
18 
6'a 
14' 4 
73*4 
41’ 4 
22 
14 
4 8 '74 
1334 
1o7b 
2o7b 
3' 4 
33' 4 
9 
16' 4 
58*a 
32' 4 
49 l l 118 
377 
52U 

38 >4 AlldCb 
I? ' 4 A lldM nt 
1o 
A lld P rd 
19'b AlldS tr 
7'4 AlldSup 
23' 4 AllisChat 
9o 
7 
8’ a A llrlA u t 
6o 
8 
15 
A lp h P rf .72 4x 14o 
5o' 4 Alcoa 
1.8o 12 1823 
3o' 4 Am I Sug 
3 
8 
89 
46’ a Am ax 
I 75 l l 1296 
115 
Am a* pf5.25 
•W 4 Am ax (if 
3 
21*a AM BAC 
I 
9 
254 
IO3 a Am cord 
6o 
8 
373 
17' 4 Am erce 1 2o 
6 
43 
3 3 * 4 Am rc pf 2 6o 
6 
79’ 4 AH ess 
8ob 
8 2195 
66’ 4 AHes pf 3.5o 
315 
18'a A A irF llt 
56 l l 
231 
IO 
Am A ir 
5 1187 
2V A m A ir wt 
1181 
71 
A m A ir pf? 18 
914 
13* a Am Baker 
I 
5 
65 
43 
ABrndS 7.92 IO 
368 
23' 4 A Brnd pf I 7o 
32 
37 
ABdcst 
I 1ox1562 46 
IO'a Am BldM 
5o 
6 
116 
1o*a 
38’ 4 AmCan 
2 4o 8 
555 
2?' .. ACan pf I 75 
24 
2' a AC entry 
4o 
16 
Am Creel I 16 
6x338 
25'a ACyan 
1.5o l l 1o4o 

28 'a 
1?7a 
18' 4 
34 
35' 4 
77' 4 
73' 4 
12*e 
47a 
21' 4 
13*- 
46' 4 
25*4 

4o3 a 
23 
23e 
19*8 
27'4 
9' 7 
?5*a 
7*a 
I i ’ 4 
24*8 
14’ a 
3’ 4 
12 
24'a 
17’ 3 
19’ 3 
79’ 4 
19' 4 

9 
Am Distl 
78 
23*4 ADiStTel 
84 IO 
177 
67a A D ualV t 
65 
13 »4 A Oui pf 84a 
57 
23'a A E lP w 2.o6 
9 3191 
12*a AF e m ily 
4o 
7x559 
27h A m FnSys 
5 13o1 
IO' 4 Am Fin Sv pf z 166o 
23' 4 AGI Bd I 96e xl61 
167a AGenCv I 32 
82 
17' 4 AGenlns 
68 
6 
458 
253a AG nln pf I 8o 
154 
177a AG nln pf.9o 
48 
17 
A m H o iS l 
I 7x2798 25V 
26'a Am Horn I IO 15x4811 
17o’ 4 A Homepf 2 
2 
72 
Am Hosp .56 14 1682 
4' a Am In vs! 
2o 
8 x68 
IO7 a A M edici 
24 
8 
452 
8 
AMedcp 
IO 
5 
876 
4 
A m M ofrs 
6 2457 
4o 
AN atR 2 8o 
7 
524 
9H Am Seal 
.4o 
16 
14o 
IO34 AShip 
4o 
7 
1o5 
25 34 AmStnd I 7o 
8 
963 
733- ASId pf 4 75 
93 
6U Am Stern 
3o 14 
6o8 
29 '4 Am Strs 1.9o 
5 
1o2 

91' 3 
9o*a 
1 7 *3 
18' 8 
7 
22'4 
27' 3 
21' 3 
17' 4 
5*8 
13'4 
21H 
41*8 
21 >4 
13*- 
46 
13 
IO' 3 
7o 
3 ' 4 
31 ” 4 
8 * 4 
15 
57*a 
3o '3 
46' 3 
116 
SOU 
27' 3 
12 
18 
34 
33% 
74'a 
77’ 3 l l ’ 3 
4U 
21 
13' b 
45* a 
24'3 
45 
IO3 a 
39*4 
22*4 
2’ a 
18' 4 
27’ a 
9 
24 *a 
7*8 
14' 4 
23*a 
13*8 
3 
11*4 
24'4 
17' a 
187 a 
28 
19 
24' 3 

38 
19’ 3 . 
13 
- 
*a 
37 
- 
H 
2o’ 4 * 
*8 
IO' 3 - 
' a 
42 
* 
14 
IP s * 
Va 
2*4 
12*8 A 
*4 
4 
IO7 a- 
V 
33*a A 
* a 
5o 
- 
' 3 
13*8— 
>4 
18'3— 
’ a 
3 
’ a 
25*8- 
’ 4 
W H A 
' 4 
32' b a 
*8 
177a 
15' 3 A 
'a 
114 
— I' 3 
1o3''4 - I ’ 4 
93 
* I 
9o*8 * 
’ a 
18’ 3 + I 
18*8 * 
*8 
7' 8 - 
'4 
22' 3 A 
V 
28*8+ 
'a 
21*3— 
*a 
17*4. 
. 
6 
— 
'a 
U U 4 
23*4 a 
41*3 + 
21+? A 
13 *4 - 
48'4 A 
13+4— 
1o+?- 
2o 
- I 
3*8 
33*4 
B H - 
' 4 
1 5 '-— 1 'b 
58'8 + 
*a 
32*4 
477 8- 
I 
116 
3 
51*4 - I 
28 
+ 
*8 
12*4- 
* 2 
1 8 '8 - 
'a 
34 
35’ a - I* a 
77*4 * 2*a 
22*3— 
*a 
12'4 + 
'3 
4*8 f 
' a 
71+a* 
'a 
13'a- 
' 3 
46*4 4 
*a 
24*3— 
' 3 
45*8 
*8 
1o*8 4 
'a 
4o 
23 
— 
'a 
2*a * 
'a 
19’ 
27*4 4 
9 
— 
25*3 + 
7% 
14' 4 
23H - 
14 
4 
3' 8— 
11*4— 
24*3 + 
17*4 + 
19' 4— 
29*4 + 
19 
— 
24*s— 

1*8 

1*8 

J*4 

1+ I 

*/4 

*4 

4 2o IO 6688 
393 
1742 
634 
115 y37o y72o y 15o 
55 
97 
324 
I l l 1o7 
o6 
5 153 
48 
17 1815 
6o 
IO 32 
12 1278 
113 
6 

6 !7b ATT 
65’ a ATT pf 
4 
48'a ATT pf 
364 
49' 4 ATT pf 
3.74 
11 * e AW atW k 
76 
5 
17' 3 A w at pf I 43 
13 * a A w at pf I 25 
14' 4 AW tr 5pf 1.25 
15 
Ameron 
I 
7 
9*a AmesD 
.4o 
4 
27 
Am elek 14o l l 
143 a Am fac 
12'a AM IC 
24' 4 A M P inc 
IO7 a Ampco 
7 3a A m pex 
I' 3 AmrepCp 
2o' 3 A m star 1.35 
8 
Amst pf 
68 
44 
Amsted 2.2o IO 
5'a Am tel 
36 13 
26’ 3 AnchrH I 5o 
9 
2234 AndClay 
I 
9 
6 
Angelica 
24 
8 
6’ / Am xter 
24 
9 
7’ a AnsulCO 
53t 
16' 4 Apache 
7o IO 1245 
32 U A p coO il 
8 
713 
1*b ApecoCp 
2o5 
88 
ApPw pf8 12 
1o' a AoldD ig 
9 
23*a ApldD ig pf I 
23a A p p lM g 
5o 
14 
ArcataN 
68 
8 
28’ > A rcalN pf 2 
16’ a ArchD an 
2o 
8 
3'a A rc tic E n! 
7 
2'a A r Isl ar 
18'a ArizPSv I 48 
7 
IU 
A ri Ppf 1o 7o 
9 '4 A rk Best 57b 
6 
28’ a A rkLG s I 8o IO 
2' I ArlenR fy 
434 Arm ada 
7 
27’ / Ar rn co 
I 8o 
27's A rm pf 2 IO f 4 75 
1 

29' j 
27+? 
71' 7— 
* 8 
123' ? 123' ? 123+t— 
>4 
24' 7 
23'a 
23 H + 
, 4 
SU 
4H 
5 
— 
+8 
13V 
12 V 
13 
— 
H 
1o 
9+? 
9 V 
4H 
4 
4 *4— 
38 
44' a 
42' 2 
43U + 
+ 7 
U H 
U H 
14 V + 
' a 
14*8 
13'? 
13H- - 
V 
35 
33V 
34*4 f 
’ a 
93'? 
9o 
9o H + 
*8 
9’ a 
8*4 
8*8— 
3o 
31 
3o 
31 
* 
V 
65 
64+8 
64 7 8 + 
' j 
68’ a 
67'? 
67 H A 
+8 
49 7 8 
49' 2 
49*4 A 
' a 
51 
5o*4 
5oH a 
+8 
13% 
12V 
13’ 8 A 
' 4 
WH 
18 
W H A 
+ 8 
14' 2 
U H 
14' ? A 
H 
17 
16' 7 
17 
— 
+8 
15*8 
15+7 
15*8 
1o*8 
9*8 
9' 2- 
33 
31*4 
33 a 
1H 
F U 
W H 
W H - 
3a 
12*4 
12+8 
12’ 7— 
' B 
TSH 
27+? 
77'?— 
+2 
12+7 
12 
I? 
SH 
8 
8H A 
H 
1*4 
I H 
I V * 
'a 
23 H 
22*4 
22V— I 
8U 
8 
BU 
55 
54 
54+s - 
1 7 
7*8 
6+4 
7+o A 
14 
32 
31H 
31V — 
' - 
26+4 
25 
26 a 
3 8 
6*4 
6+4 
A’ ?— 
Vt 
8'4 
7' 7 
8*4 A 
' 7 
9 
8+8 
SH a 
3,4 
25' 4 
71V 
24’ 7 + 
27a 
4 IU 
41 l l 7! A 
+7 
I U la­ 
I H A 
'a 
88 se 
88 
I I H 
IO U l l ' B A 
' a 
25' 4 
24 V 
25' 4 
2 + 4 
2+7 
2'?— 
+8 
163a 
29*a 
18’ 3 
3*a 
2*8 
19*8 
Z7o ll? 
33 
1o*8 

15 
297a 
F U 
3*« 
2% 

16’ 4 a 
797s + 
18*a + 
3*8— 
2*8 + 

51’ . A rm r pf A 
22'n A rm s !Ck 
14 

824 
3o8 
’ 
37 
9x7o2 
16 
728o 
52o 
4 
225 
8 
36 
4 
5oo 
99 
12 2462 
7x1o27 35*8 
8x13o4 29 
6 
72 
15*8 
52 
9 
171 

21 
A rm R u 
I 
17' 4 AroC orp lb 
14'a A rvin 
64 
26' 4 A rv in ln pf2 
16' 4 Asarco 
,8o 
32 
Ashton 
I 9o 
24’ a AsdDrG 15o 
13 
Athlone 
.8o l 7a AticoM tg 
21*8 AIIC yEI I 62 
5o 
A llRich I 6o l l 4741 
171' 3 AMRC pf 
3 
3 
49 
AMRC pf3 75 7147o 
63’ 4 A ll Re pf 2 8o 
19o8 
19’ a A tla sC p 
16 1735 
21’ 3 AutoD ta 
4o 18 1164 
7*8 Auf m in d 
4o 
8 
92 
13 
AvcoCp 
3 
9 16 A vcoC p w t 
41’ a AvcoCp pf 
19 38 A ve ryln t 
36 15 

34* 
3’ - 
7'3 
793 a 
797 a 
55 
25'3 
28*4 
197 e 
17*8 
29'a 
27' 3 

2*e 
22*8 
5834 
196' 4 
51' 3 
72 
28 
?634 
IO 
15*8 

 l l 34 A vis Inc 4o 
16 
Avnetlnc 7o 
33' 3 Avnet pf 
I 
43' . AvOnPd 2 2o l 7a B T M tg 

1557 
87 
59 
2o7 
376 
7 1372 
I 
16x32o8 487a 
47 
2' a 

48*4 
22' 3 
14’ a 
193a 
IO 

78' 1 BabckW I 5o IO 3726 
6’ 3 Bache 
IO1 3 Baker In 
42’ 3 B a krIntl 
13 
Bald OH 
16' 3 Ba 11 Cp 
17*b B a lly M f 
18 2 
24*. BaltGE 2 16 
9 
537a Ball pf B4 5o 
15’ a Banca 
6o 2o 

4o 
36 
64 
.8o 
8o 

13' 4 Bandag 
.3o ll'a BangPnt 
15 
BanP pf I 25 
71' 3 BanP pf 
I 
34 
BkofN Y 2 32 
88 14 

3o9 
4o2 
25o 
23 
64 
51 
985 
7 4o 
4o8 
41o 
2o3 
7 
19 
179 
IOO 
13*4 BkofVa 
23'a Bank Am 
35*4 BankTr 
3 
277a BnkT pf 2 5o 
33'a BarbOil I 
6o 14 
IO' 3 BardCR 
24 IO 
16' 4 BarnsGp 
8o 7 
14* n Basic Inc 
I 5 
34H Basic pf 2 5o 
26*4 BaiesMf 
8o 88 
78' 4 BauschL 
I 9 
28’ 4 BaxtTrv 
3o 16 1417 
23a BayColP 
2o1 
21 
Bay StG 1 
96 6 
35 
43, BaykCig 
24 18 
14 
25 >4 B e a rin g 
.5o IO x82 
23Ja BeatFdS 
96 5 1879 
27' 4 Beckmn 
32 15 162 
26'a Beet Dick 
2o 
BeechA 

IO 4914 
3oo 
128 
279 
256 
49 
21o 
74oo 
19o 
417 

6o ll 
I 
7 
47o 
395 
194 
6 
34o 
7 X45 
8 
2o 
84 26x598 
o8a 
6 
29? a 
7 
8 

1 
I 32 
,36b 

14 

6 7a B eker 
23'4 Bel cop 
21' a Bel den 
7'a BetdnH 
173 4 Bel I How 
4'e Behind 
45’ 4 BellCda 4.o8 
19' 3 Bern is 
12o 
39'a Bend ix 
2 
82 
Bendix pf 
3 
723 4 Bent I Cp I 6o 
49' 3 Benet p!4.3o 
51 
Benet pf45o 
28' 4 Benet pf2.5o 
Pa Bnf SIM 
I ' j BengtB .o7e 
4'.1 
Berkey P 
I7'a BeslPd 
3334 BethStl 
79 
BigThre 
15'a 
BiackDr 
11'a Blair Jn 
17 
BlissLa 
1.o8b 
18 
BldckHR 
I 
76' 4 BlueBell 1.2o 
5' 4 
Bluebrd 
2o 
3 
BobbieBr 
37' 3 Boeing 
1.4o IO 331o 
2 8 'i 
BoiseCs I. IO 9 
916 
19’ 1 BkM nth I 2o IO 
31'a 
Borden 
I 56 9 
29' 4 
Bor War I 6o 7 
3 V B o rm ans 
5 
25'a BosEd 
2 44 IO 1225 
9? 
BOSE pf 8 88 
755o 
12 
Bose p r l.17 
147a 
Bose prl.46 
87u 
B raniff 
.3o 7 
31' 3 
BraunCF 6o 7 
25’ a 
Brig Str 
.92 12 
6o’ a 
B rist My 2 2o 12 1oo7 
31*8 
B ristM y wi 
2o 
38*4 
B ristM pf 
2 
3o 
13 'a B ritP et 
33e 2o 6929 

64o 
2oo 
522 
17 
1126 
38 
7 12o 
735o 
14 
467 
1o7 
7 
385 
2 13 2284 
4ob 16 
522 
48 14 1335 
6-1 
6 
186 
8x181 
12x1o65 21*8 
6x771 
29U 
6 
116 
251 

45’ a 
7'a 
12' 3 
48 
15V 
WH 
2 l*a 
27’ a 
55*3 
23'a 
WU 
16' a 
22 
287a 
36*4 
14*a 
24*a 
39*» 
29' a 
34*8 
H U 
19' a 
17*8 
39 
327a 
33 
297 a 
2*4 
22*- 
5'a 
29' 3 
24*- 
267a 
26*8 
21 
7*8 
293 a 
23*- 
7*8 
2o*8 
5*8 
48'a 
2o*8 
41' a 
84 
24 *s 
51*8 
54 
29*4 
7 
2*4 
4*8 
WH 
35'a 
32*4 
17’ e 
16’ a 
21*4 

91 
752 
5o2 
84 

112 
64 
13o6 
796 
778 

79 
Br kwGI I 4o 
7 
19’ 7 BklyUG I 8o 
7 
26 
BkUG pf2 47 
8 3a BwnShrp 3o 15 
81 > BrownC 
3o IO 
19'., BwnGp 
I 4o 
7 
7'.' B rw n For 
WU Brunswk 
6o 
22 
BrushW 
I 
22'a BucyEr 
6* 
ISP BuddCo 12o 
55 7a BuddCo pf5 
57e BudCa pf 6o 
8'a Budglnd 
1or 
25'a Buff FO 14oa 
6*8 B u lova 
11*4 BundyCp 88 
21*H BunkHil 186 
8 
B unkR a 
IS3- BnkR pf 1.5o 
23’ a B u rlInd 1.4o 

176 
229 
28 
35 
57 
238 
4o 12 1519 
7 1675 
7 
98 

5' 7 
3*4 
53'a 
33 
23*- 
34*8 
31 
4 ' 4 
26*3 
98 
12*8 
15*8 
1o*4 
35'» 
26*4 
63'a 
31*4 
4o 
16*8 
34*8 
21 
27*8 
9*8 
BU 
19*8 
1o*8 
14*8 
25*4 
12x18o3 24 V 
415 
122o 
5 
57 
164 
56 
48 
65 
295 
14 
96o 

 i i 
57' 3 
6' a 
IOU 
36'4 
7*4 
13 
21*8 
IO 
2o* b 
247 e 

19 
19U4 
' 8 
I W H 
I F 
A 
H 
IO3 a 
IO'?— 
' 8 
31H 
34+e A 2+7 
3 
3 
— 
' 4 
A7 8 
7 
— 
Vt 
2878 
29*4— 
' 8 
29*4 
79' 7— 
*8 
54' 4 
54' 4 A 
I j 
24*o 
25'- + 
3 8 
27V 
28*a— 
I 4 
19 
W H A 
3'4 

153- 
173, A I' 7 
28+8 
29 
A I 
2o*8 
217 8 A 
34 
34' a 
35 V a 
IU 
243g 
243- - 
4+4 
15' 2 
15U 
2 
2 
- u 
22 
22 
- 
*8 
57*a 
57 7 8— 
’ 7 
196 
196 
- 
IV 
5o 
5Q3--A 
134 
7o*4 
71' 4 — 
V 
26' 7 
27'8 A 2 
25' ? 
26' 2 A 
Vt 
97a 
97e— 
' B 
14 3- 
153 a A 
*4 
9 16 
H — 116 
473- 
48 +4 A 
3.4 
22 
22'4 A 
' a 
13' 2 
W H ­ 
V 
WH 
ISH 
4o 
4o 
A i 
47 7b 
48*4 + 
V 
2 
2 
43*8 
44’ ? 3 
1 
AH 
7 
11*4 
I I H — 
H 
46' o 
473/4 A 
V 
15+b 
15*e- 
'a 
F U 
17H— 
*8 
2o 
2o+8 A 
*8 
TAU 
26V A 
'a 
55'? 
55+7— 
' 7 
2o34 
21*8— 1*8 
1338 
13V. 
15' 2 
16*o A ’ *o 
21U 
22 
A 
*o 
27' 2 
28 H a 
Vt 
3534 
36*4 A 
*8 
143o 
14+7— 
+8 
237o 
24*8— 
' 7 
38+? 
3 8 U - 
H 
283o 
29 
A 
' 4 
33'8 
33 H — I l l 
11V A 
' 8 
183o 
W U— 
'a 
W H 
F U A 
IU 
37+2 
39 a 
I 
29H 
32*7 A 
2*8 
31+2 
32H + 
H 
287 a 
29H a 
' 4 
23 8 
23«— 
' 8 
22’ 2 
22’ 7— 
V 
5 
5 
29 
29V 
24V 
24*8. 
26' 2 
26’ 7— 
' 4 
26'e 
2 6 '- - 
H 
2o’ s 
2o H A 
H 
7*o 
7*4 — 
3o 
273B 
28+4- 
V 
23 
23*4. . 
7*8 
7+b- i 4 
TOH 
2o V . 
5*4 
5V . 
46H 
47' 7 A I 
19+2 
2o 
— 
4o+7 
41 
— 
+2 
82 
83 
— 4 
23 
23*8— 
Vt 
49+2 
5o 
- 
I 
54 
54 
29'4 
293- + 
V 
F e 
2 
A 
' 8 
2' 2 
2*8- 
' a 
4H 
43.4 — 
'a 
1o*8 
19'7 A 
I/, 
34' 8 
343o- 
1o 
31*8 
32 
A 
'- 
16 
16*4 — 
* i 
15+3 
W 
A 
3o 
2o*4 
21’ a 
' 8 
19H 
2o' a A 
V 
79 
29*8 A 
+8 
5+4 
5 * 4 - 
*8 
3*4 
33-a 
*2 
51*4 
523-A 
' 4 
32*4 
32 V A 
Vt 
21 
2 1 V - 
2 
34+7 
34V— 
*4 
3o*4 
31 
A 
H 
4+8 
4 '- A 
*o 
25 H 
26*4— 
+8 
96+3 
96+?— 
U 
12 
12*4— v» 
15*o 
15+4. . 
93- 
1o*o A 
*8 
33H 
35+? + 
1*4 
25 *e 
26+4— 
' a 
61H 
62 
- 
V 
31V 
313o- 
*8 
3834 
393a— IU 
153- 
16*o+ 
*8 
33 
34+? + 
1*4 
2o 
2o3- - 
3- 
27 
27 
- 
' a 
9*4 
9' a A 
'« 
8+3 
8 H - 
V 
19*4 
193o- 
*o 
1o’ 8 
1o+2— 
Vt 
U H 
U H 
24 U 
25' 8- 
H 
23H 
237/8 + 
U 
7o'- 
7O7o + 
' o 
55 U 
57 
A 
I 
6*4 
6 + 4 - 
Vt 
93-4 
1o 
347'8 
35 V A ‘ Vt 
7*4 
7*4— 
3o 
12*4 
13 
A 
Vt 
21*4 
21' 3. 
938 
9 3.4, 
2o 
2o 
- 
' Vt 
23*4 
23*4— I *3 

Yeorly 
Soles 
Net 
High lo w jh d *.! High la w lo st Chg. 
53 
41% BurlNo 
I 6o 
I 
ISSI 
5o 
46H 
47U 
2 
8 
7+8 Burl No pf 55 
39 
7H 
TV 
7+e A io 
2o’ ? 
16’ a Burndy 
66 IO 
283 
17 V 
17 
F U A 
'* 
913.4 
54' 7 Burrghs 
8o 12 2339 
58'? 
55 H 
55U— IV 
23' 7 
17*4 ButtesG o8e 
6 
889 
2o 
WH 
19 
— 
’o 
61+4 
55 
CBS 
7 IO 1325 
587 a 
57 H 
58+o + 
V 
42 
37 V 
C BS pf 
I 
2 
39 7 a 
39+b 
39+8 
5+4 
3H CCI 
Corp 
14 
763 
5V 
4+8 
5+4 A i - 
1U11 16 C IM tq GD 
174 
V I ! 1611 16 
6*8 
4H C I RU 
Inv 
984 
6H 
5+8 
6+8 + 
I 
IOU 
34+2 C IT F in 
24o 
9 
723 
35' 7 
34V 
35*8 + 
3 J 
IS 16 9 16 CLASSI 
17 
H 
9 16 
H A 
16 
7+4 
6H CLAS pf 12k 
23 
7 
6+8 
6H - 
'a 
5' 2 
4*s CLCAm 
24 
7 
64 
5 
4 V 
4 V — 
+8 
12'? 
IO5 a CM lin y 
6 
155 ll '? 
IOU l l 
— 
*o 
9' 4 
658 CNA Fini 
9 
643 
7' a 
6*4 
7 
16 
13*o CNA pfA LlO 
116 
U H 
13' ? 
13H-— 
3 8 
13V 
I? 
CNA! 
1.o8a 
116 
12*8 
12*4 
1 2 '- - 
*8 
SO'? 
44’ ? CPC Int 2 5o 
IO 1122 
5o V 
49' ? 
5o 
2o'a 
18 V 
CTSCp 
7o 
8 
289 
2o'- 
19V 
2o V 
49% 
4o’ a CabotC 
14o 
6 
184 
45' 7 
44' ? 
44*—A 
3 4 
5’ ? 
3H Cadence 
5 
99 
5 V 
5 
5*4 A 
*o 
5 V 
4 
Caesars 
573 
5*4 
5 
5+o A 
3 8 
8H 
8 
C alFinl 
6 
211 
8*o 
SH 
8U A 
' a 
TOV 
WH CaiPUt 
164 
8 
47 
WH 
WH 
18*o- 
H 
18 
12*4 Callahn 
35b 
19 
178 
15 V 
15 
15 + 4 A 
Vt 
2 
I’ ? Cam em Br 
3 
88 
IV 
I' ? 
1*7— 
' a 
3oH 
23 
Cm pR L ,6oa 27 
131 
27 
26*8 
26' a— 
3 4 
39'a 
36'a Cam Sp 
148 
12 
224 
38'a 
37*4 
38’ a— 
V 
34'a 
SOH CampT 
I 32 IO 
232 
32*a 
32 
32H a 
H 
F U 
15*4 CdnPac 
86e 
6 
312 
17 
16*4 
W U — 
I 4 
9U 
8 
CanalR 
64 ll 
25 
8 1 7 
8 V 
8*7 + 
3 a 
57 
44 V 
CapCitis 
2o IO 
427 
49' 2 
48V 
48 U — 
*4 
23 
19' 2 CapHold 
6o 
9x891 
21 
2o 
2o 
- 
V 
IU 
4o*8 
I 
3? 
CapitM tg 
C a rb o r 1.12 
73 
9x31? 
IU 
397 a 
I 
39 
IU 
39 
— 
V 
3 V 
2H C a rlin q O 
15 
16 
2*4 
2*8 
2H 
2o 
ISH C arlisle 
88 x95 
2o 
W H 
19*8 A 
3,4 
7o’ 7 
65 
CaroCO 
5 
ZlO 
67 
67 
67 
— 
' 7 
6*8 
5 V CaroFrq 
2o 
13 
42 
6+4 
6' 8 
6 V a 
3 8 
74 V 
21'? CaroPw 172 
8 1314 
24H 
23' ? 
23H— 
V 
3oH 
79 
C arp pf 2 67 
23 
3o' 2 
3o' a 
3o+o — 
*1 
41’ 2 
34 
Car Tee 
7 
7 
324 
4o 
39’ 8 
39 H — 
3 e 
TOV 
15H CarrCp 
64 
12x893 
2o 
19 
19 *» - 
*o 
15 
13 
C arrG n 
88e 
16 
13'? 
13 
13 
- 
' 7 
77 
17 'a Carl Haw 
9o 
9x6o9 
WH 
18 
18V A 
' a 
38 
32' 8 C a rfH w pf2 x 14 
32*4 
32' ? 
32 U A 
3 7 
o 
6H C arfW all 
4o IO 
98 
7 V 
6+e 
67e— 
I 4 to v 
8 
Case NG 
5or 
9 
95 
8' ? 
8'8 
8+-J + 
3 o 
16’ ? 
14H Cast I Ck 
8ob 
7 
781 
15 
U U 
15 
58'a 
48% C afrpTr 15o 
13 5545 
58 H 
55 H 
58H + 
2*8 
17H 
I77b CecoCp 
17 17 
72 
13+8 
13*8 
13H 
' o 
53 
45'b Celanse 2 8o 
14 
946 
52 
SOU 
51*9— 
H 
53% 
51 
Gel an pf 4 5o ll 
57*4 
57 V 
52*4 ‘ 
3 7 
12H 
IO' / Centex 
12 
IO 1943 
WH 
I IH 
12+o A I 
17*8 
U H 
CenSoW I 26 
9 2469 
15+2 
U H 
15V 
71 
19+8 CenHud I 8o 
8 
54 
2o' ? 
7o 
2oV 
WU 
17*8 C e n iilL I 16o IO 
188 
19 
18*8 
W H — 
Vt 
56 
52 
CnlLt pf l 5o 
14o 
52' ? 
52 
52 — 7 
32*4 
3o' ? Cn I Lf pf 2 87 z 188o 
31+8 
31V 
3 1 '-— 
H 
TV U 
28 V 
C nlLt pf2.62 z98o 
79+? 
29 
79 
WH 
14’ ., Cen 11 PS 128 
11x53o 
ISH 
U H 
U U A 
, 4 
79' b 
23H Cenl.aE 14o 
9 
237 
26'- 
75 
26+4 a 
IU 
WH 
15 ? CeMPw 14o 
9 
178 
W+? 
15 + 8 
W a - 
V 
15' a 
13 
CenSoya 
7o 
8 
383 
13'? 
13 
13+4— 
3 8 
25*« 
23V CenTef LSO 
IO 
859 
757 a 
25*8 
25*4 A 
+o 
777a 
21’ ., CenlrDat 
1 IO 
573 
24+7 
22’ a 
23H A I 
28 V 
19+a Crf teed 
7o ll 
332 
28 
26H 
27' 7 - 
' 7 
3o' 8 
26U Cess A ir 12o 
7 
736 
28*a 
27'- 
27 U — 
1 4 
27% 
27H 
Chm pln 
I 
9 1o86 
25 V 
24*o 
25 
27'? 
22 V 
Chm I pf 12o 
115 
25*a 
24*o 
25'.- + 
' n 
U H 
1o *4 Cham Sp 
68 IO 2363 
11*4 
IOU l l 
— 
V 
5 
3*4 O larIC o 
o8 
6 
79o 
4H 
4'4 
4V 
JOH 
28 
C h rlN Y 2.12 
6 
156 
3o' a 
29 V? 
29U A 
*4 
9+8 
8V 
ChasFd 
6oe 
192 
9'8 
8 * o 
8 *8 - 
H 
33H 
29'b ChaseM 2 2o 
8 1673 
31'? 
3o+o 
31+4 A 
H 
3 V 
2*8 ChaseT 
246 
2H 
2*o 
2 * 8 - 
' 8 
7 V 
5*a Chelsea 
4o 
41 
6 
SU 
6 
34 
28 V 
Cbemtn 
15o 
12x127 
3o H 
29 U 
3o* a A 
' 7 
45H 
4o 
Chm N Y 
3 
ChesVa 136 
7 
8o3 
45 
43+8 
44+8 a 
Vt 
33 % 
28 
8 
52 
33*8 
31"? 
31’ 7— I 
767 8 
21V ChesePn 
84 
13 1151 
23' B 
22 
22*- A 
3 a 
43’ 8 
35 
Chessie 2 32 
8 155o 
4o*o 
39*o 
39' 7— I 
1o'b 
67a C hiM lw 
51o 
9*a 
8+b 
BH — 
H 
16' ? 
12' 2 C hiM lw pf 
IO 
15H 
15V 
151- — 
Vt 
3oU 
25' ? ChiPneT 
2 
17 
179 
28' a 
27 V 
27";— 
' 7 
4' 4 
3' a ChkFuM 
89 
3*8 
3*8 
3 * 8 - 
3 8 
7*8 
4' 7 ChrlsCft 
5 
169 
5 
4H 
4 *8 - 
' 8 
12 
9 1 , ChrCft pf I 
3 
1o*4 
1o V 
1o*4 A 
I 4 
WU 
12+7 ChrCft pf 
3! 
13+8 
13+4 
13H a 
+8 
17*4 
14' 2 O irom a l .12 
7 
3o9 
17 
15+8 
17 
A 
H 
75 
AB 
Chroma pf 5 
I 
73 
73 
73 
- 
3 7 
22 
16V 
C h ry s le r 
I 
3x1839 17 V 
17 
17+4- 
*o 
35H 
28V Church 
6o 
8 
5o1 
31+7 
3o+8 
3o V 
V 
26% 
23V CinBell 
16o 
9 
89 
26 V 
25 U 
26+7 A 
3 7 
23' 7 
2o3i 
CinnGE 164 
9 
655 
23' 7 
23 
23H + 
Vt 
51 
47' ? CinG pf 
4 z 28o 
5o 
49' 7 
5o 
A 
' 7 
1o8' ? 1o4 
CmG pf9.3o 
Z264o 1o7' ? 1o7'? 1o7' 7- 
*2 
917a 
87 V CinG pf7 44 z8oo 
89*o 
88 
89 H A 
3 8 
1o8 
1o4' 7 CinG pf9 28 
Z253o 1o7 V 
1o6+7 1o6' 7 
11o 
1o5 V 
CinG pf9 52 z27o 1o8' ? 1o8 
1o8 
- 
H 
41' 2 
34V C inM ila IVO 
12 
133 
4o*8 
39’ ? 
39'?— 
7o 
34 
26' 7 C iticorp I o6 
9 5382 
27 H 
26*4 
27*4— 
*8 
61V 
57 
CitiesSv 
3 
7 
7o7 
6o*8 
58 H 
59 
— I V 
15 V 
12H C ityln vst 8o 
8 2263 
14+8 
U H 
U H — 
' 8 

151 
329 
4o5 
IOO 
3o6 
313oo 
31ooo 
3 464o 128 

3 3 16 C ity ln v wt 
28' a 
24 3a City In pl 
2 
I? 
11'a Cityb pf I IO 
43' a 
36*7 C larkE 
I 6o 
8 
!97b 14 
ClarkO il 
5o ll 
71 
62'a Civ Cl if I 8oa l l 
35’ a 32 
ClevEI 
2 64 
8 
9o’ a 85’ a C vE I pf7 4o 
92 
87 
ClvEI pf 7 56 
129 
124 
CWEI pf 17 
14+a 1o7b Clevepk 
6o 
I23a 
IO1 a Clorox 
1o' b 
87b CluetPea 5o 
13'a I l*e CluettP pf I 
19 
13’ 8 Cst St GS 
3o 
26*b 
22'a CstSG pf I 83 
22’ 3 
17*e CstSG pf I 19 
9*b 
7'a Coca Btl 4oa 12 831 
8o'a 
7Fa CocaCol 3 o8 15 3o19 
38’ a 
363a CocaCol wi 
143 
19J* 
14W ColdwBk 
72 8x1o7 
127b 
1o*4 
ColeNat 6o 
8 
5' 8 
Cctleco 
23*e ColgPal 
88 
48 3b ColgP pf 3 5o 
IO18 C ollinA ik 64 
7*3 Col I in F 
2o 
24'a Col Penn 
I 
21’ a Colonist 1.45 
49 
Coltlnd 
2 5o 
2 6 ’ a Colt pf I 6o 
7o 
Colt pf 4.25 
28 
Col Gas 2 24 
59'? CoIGs pf 5 62 
58' ? ColGs pf 5 48 
7*8 ColuPict 
25+4 Col SOh 
2 2o 
11o 
Co SO pf IO 52 
26*4 CoSO pf 2 42 
19 
Combe 
o5e 
45*a CmbEn 2 2o 
43 
CmE pf I 7o 
18' 7 Cm bEq n 
28'a ComwE 2.4o 
9' 7 ComEdA wl 
9' 7 ComEdB w t 
197 a ComE pf I 42 
21*8 ComE pf I 9o 
2338 ComE pf 
2 
27 
ComE pf2.37 
3o*7 ComE pt2 87 
973« ComE pf8 4o 

84 7 32 3 16 
767 
257a 
247a 
11*8 
41*8 
16'8 
67 
33'- 
88 
9o'a 

 l l ’ ? 
4o3 a 
14*8 
65’ ? 
323- 
86’ ? 
9o'4 

3 
25’ 4— 
11*4 + 
41*8 * 
16 

27'8 
SIU 
13 
9*8 
293a 
24’ 4 
59U 
31 
83’ ? 
31 
64 
62 
11*4 
7/ 3a 
116 
283 a 
23 W 
59U 
51 
21 
31V 
IOU 
IO3 a 
21*e 
23’ 7 
24 V 
78 
33' a 
IO? 
37' a 
37 'a 
8*e 
15' 7 
25*8 
18’ a 
2o'a 
27'a 
23’ a 
743a 
57*4 
563- 
27 
71' 7 
26' 7 
42W 
121 
23' 7 
47 
57 
83 
85 
86' 4 
853 a 
26’ b 
74' ? 
93'4 
7U 
6' a 
13*8 
547 a 
59' ? 
59' 7 
37U 
6o's 
26' a 
17' 4 
2*4 
38 
17'a 
26'a 
523a 
2o*- 
4'a 
453b 
16o 
12' 7 
18 'a 
18*- 
2oU 
24 
24 
3*4 
71' 7 
2 
16'a 
33'8 
15*8 
34*4 
6'a 
29 
47 ’ a 
16 
32'8 
85>a 
?23d 
45*8 
63 
32*4 
73*4 
14 *4 
57 

IO 
349 
6o IO 1555 
6 
521 
47 
6 7851 xl92 x81 

5 
173 
9 
313 
12 18o2 
*19o 
6 
141 
6 
174 
9 
957 
7x115 
8 2o73 
33 
455 
8 
736 x68 x4 
4 283o 
274 

U U 
H U 
1o*8 
13’ a 
19 
26 
21*8 
SU 
74U 
37 V 
18 V 
11' 7 
6 >4 
24% 
49*a 
11'a 
8 
29*4 
22*8 
59’ a 
31 
83*? 
29*8 
63 
61 
11*8 
27*8 
/36o 113 
18 
7 
233 l l 
496 
2 
15 1114 
9 
785 
4 

293a Comsat 
31 
Compar 
6U CompSci 
11U Con Agr 
21*4 ConeMI 
13'a Con got rn 
16U ConnM 
23*8 Conrac 
2o* 4 Con Ed 

I 
2o 

.75 
I 2o 
6o 
1.6o 
8ob 
2 

3o 
75 
67 
162 
356 
116 
1ox725 

71'8 ConE pf 
6 
49 
ConE pf 4.65 
52'4 ConE pf 
5 
22U ConFds I 4o 
63 
ConF pf 4 5o 
21*- ConFrgt 
9o 
34'a Con NGS 2 5o 
115 
CnG pf 1o 96 
2o7a ConsPw 2.12 
43’ ? CnPw pf 4 16 
47’ ? CnPw pf4 5o 
77'? CnPw pf7 45 
791 a CnPw pl 7.72 
8o’ ? CnPw pf? 76 
8o 
CnPw pf7,68 
25’ a CnPw pf 2.43 
67’ a CnPw pf5 5o 
84 
CnPw pf 
6 
6 
Cont Air 
5’ a ContCop 
5o 
12*7 Ct Cop pf I 25 
47*4 Con I (Cp 
3 
52’ ? CIIC. pfA2 5o 
52’ a CtlC pfB2 5o 
33' ? C ntlG rp 
2 
5o*? C ontin 
2 4o 
26 
Contin w i 
15'8 Conf HP I 28 
I'? C ontliR t 
33' ? Cont Oil I 4o 
U U Con IT el 
I 16 
2o 
Cont Dta 
15e 
46' ? CnDt pf4 5o 
2o'a Conwd n 
9 
3'a Cook Un 
3o1 
5 
383a Cooprln I o8 l l 
142 
Copt pfB2 SO 
9H CoopLab 
2o 
8 
147a CoopTR 
7o 
3 
167a COPT pf I 25 
17 
Copei nd 
68 
8 
19’ a CoppRg 
24 
Coppw n l 2o 
8 
3*8 Cordura 
.2o 13 
59 U CornG 1.52a 13 
IU Cousins 
12 
Cowles 
64 
7 
Cox Bde! 
.55 
IO*? Craig 
3o 
267a Crane 
I 2ob 
4 3 a C redilF 
24a 
25*4 CrockN I 66 
42*a CrockN pf3 
13*? CrompK 
.9o 
28U CrouHi 
I IO 
76' ? CroHi pf 3.35 
19J4 C rw nC k 
8 

14o 
9 
412 
5 
169 
4 x85 
391 
5 
134 
7 
43 
5 1179 
31 
ZUO 
26 
8 
361 l l 
8 
9o9 
8 119o 

27*8 
21U 
59*4 
5o' 2 
71 
79' 2 
9'? 
9' ? 
2o*4 
22*8 
23*4 
27*8 
31' 8 
9 9 *8 
36' ? 
35 U 
7U 
15'? 
23'e 
17*8 
19' ? 
26'a 
22*8 
72*4 
52 
54*4 
25U 
67*4 
24*8 
42 V 

14' a 
11*8 
IOU 
12' 7 
17 
23' ? 
2o 
7*e 
72*4 
36U 
18 
1o7b 
6’ a 
24' a 
49' ? 
1o*8 
7*8 
28’ a 
21' 4 
56' a 
29*b 
77*8 
28*8 
6O3- 
6o 
IO 
26' ? 
IW V 
27’ 8 
21V 
57 
5o 
19 
28U 
9' 7 
9' ? 
2o 
21U 
23*8 
27*e 
3o' ? 
99 
35' i 
34 
6*8 
14' 2 
22*8 
16' 2 
W H 
25*8 
22'8 
72’ ? 
52 
54' 4 
24*e 
66j b 
23*? 
41 
135 119’ 2 115 
6 1o47 
Z13oo 
! 144o 
115 
2 227o 
Z2o7o 
7669o 
48 
5 
2 
8 1493 
1o7 zlOO 
12 
722 
7 
I 
9 
961 
7 
27o 
3 
8 
98 
122 
9x4o79 36*8 
1ox2391 16*8 
7 
857 
21*8 
. 7 49o 
9 
5 
5 
159 
469 

23 
46’ ? 
51+4 
82*4 
85 
851 2 
85*8 
26*8 
74 
91*4 
7*4 
5*4 
12U 
54 
58' 2 
58 
36' ? 
52% 
26’ 8 
16*8 
2' 

52 
2o*- 
3*4 
43 
8 152 
185 
H U 
17U 
W H 
18*4 
2oU 
24 

82 
15 
242 
212 
4 
373 
727 
127 
61 
246 
154 
325 
163 
325 
16 
17o 
118 
3 
511 

3*4 
67*4 
1*8 
15*8 
?8*- 
12 
34*- 
5*8 
26*7 
43'? 
15U 
29'- 
77 
22*4 
38*4 
6o*8 
3 1 * 4 
2 1 *4 
14*8 
57 

37*- CrwZel 
I 8o IO 
6o6 
6o' a CrnZ pf 4 2o 
718o 
26'a Crum Fo 1.56 
8 
45o 
19*8 Culbro 
I 32 
7 
25 
9*b Culhgan 
44 l l 
141 
45'a CumEng I 4o 6 1313 
155'? 174*- CumE pf7.5o y967o155 
93b 
8 
CunnDrg 
25 l l 
125 
9U 
12*4 
IF s C u rrlnc I o8 5 
68 12*8 
18U 
IS’ a C urtisW r 6o 8 39o 17's 
28' ? 
25' ? C u rt WA 2 
3 
26’ 2 
447b 
373h CutlerH I 8o 9 
9o 44*- 
28'? 
22U Cyclop 1.2oa 6 
68 24U 
26U 
2338 Cyprus 
I 4o 3o 117 25 

D 
- E 
- r 

2 2 * 8 
45' 2 
5o 
79 U 
84 
85’- 
83 
26*8 
74 
91*4 
6 * 4 
5'? 
127a 
53' e 
57'/j 
58 
35*- 
51*4 
26 
15U 
2’ 8 
34U 
16 
TOU 
51 
2o*8 
3*6 
47 
152 
11'- 
17' o 
18'2 
18 
19*4 
24 
3*7 
66 U 
IU 
15' 8 
28 n u 
337 e 
5'8 
26 
42*4 
15 
29 
76’ 2 
21*8 
37*- 
6o*8 
31 
21 
13*8 
54*- 
148*2 
8*8 
17U 
16*4 
76 
43*8 
23U 
24's 

Yearly 
H ’gh lo w 

SU 
6'4 DMF inc 
9 
89 6*8 
6*8 
8'a 
6*4 Damon 
2o 76 
272 7 
6U 
9U 
8'a D anR iv 
48 
6 
567 9*4 
9U 
2934 
74' 2 DanaCp 
I 8 
466 26U 
24U 
36U 
3o' a D art Ind 
I 
9x63o 
36*8 
35*6 
39' 4 
33’ a D art pf 
2 
134 39'- 
38U 
46'a 34 
D ataG en 
16 1368 
39 
36U 
73 
17'? D a ta p n t 
9 
397 23 
21*- 
1 9 'i 
15*8 Day co 
5ob 4 
64 F U 
17 
77 
66’ ? Dave pf 
4 25 
231o 7o*7 
7o 
38 3 8 
29 *4 DaytH d 
I 2o 7 
418 31*4 
29*4 
21 
18U D ayfP L 
I 66 
9 
6o7 2o*- 
2o 
8 /U 
83 
DPL pf 7 48 
Z14oo 87'.- 
85*- 
89 
84 DP L pf 7 7o 
. z2oo 86 
86 
85' ? 
81 
D P L pf 7 37 zlOOO 85*7 
85' 7 
179U 
125 DPL pf 12 SO 
ZUO 127*4 127 
33*7 
26' 7 Deere 
I 
2o 8 
2749 33*8 32 
26'a DelAAon 1.5o 
* 

13 

79*8 
26’ e Del Mon 1.5o 6 
268 
14*8 
13 
D eim aP I 2o 
IO 626 
39 U 
3o Del ta A ir .7o 
8 24o? 
8 * 4 
4U Del tee 
5U 
4'8 Deltona 
28*- 
23 DennMf 1.24 
24U 
18'b Dennys 
6o 
3o*8 
21' 7 D entsply 
8o 
15U 
12' 7 Desoto 
6o 
16*4 
15's D etE dis 1.45 
68 
63' 7 DefE pf 5.5o 
1o1 
95' 4 DefE pf 9.37 
83 U 
78 
DefE pf 7 68 
8 I +7 
76 
DetE pf 7 45 
8o 
75 
DetE pf 7 36 
29 
27' 7 DetE pf 2.75 
28U 
27*8 DeE pfB2 75 
29*7 
22*8 D exter 
.8o 
29' a 
29' 4 D exter wi 
8*8 
6' 2 D iG iorg o5e 
16 
13 D IG ior pf 88 
137e 
12'a D ia lF in l 
.7o 
397e, 
35*8 D ia m ln t 
2 

178 
383 
7 no 
9 
694 
9x248 
7 
219 
8 1181 
37 z78o z ISO 
Z276o 
Z392o 
67 

IO 
168 
369 
4 
265 
Z2oo 
123 
146 

27 U 
13U 
36' a 
7*4 
4*- 
28*4 
19' 7 
22*7 
15*7 
16*4 
67*4 
99 
82*4 
8o*8 
79'- 
28’ 4 
28'- 
29*7 
29'- 
7*7 
14 
137e 
36' 8 

26*4 
13' 7 
35’- 
7*8 
4*7 
28 
18*4 
21*7 
15' 8 
15U 
6 6 *4 
98' a 
81*7 
79 
78 
27U 
27*4 
28' 8 
29 U 
7 
14 
12*8 
35*8 

65+?- 
IV 
33' 8 A 
' a 
86' ? - 
2H 
9o+4 + 
IV 
126V— 1H 
14+4— 
"a 
11+7— 
' 8 
IO"? A 
H 
W H — 
* o 
19 
A 2+b 
25*4 + 
2*o 
71*4 + 
IU 
7H — 
* o 
73'—— 1*8 
37 
— 
7 8 
18 
— 
H l l 
— 
*8 
6+4 — 
Vt 
24' ? + 
Vt 
49"?— f/4 
11*o + 
V 
7H a 
*o 
29 H A 
IU 
21+ — 
Vt 
59 
A 
3 
31 a 
IU 
83' ? + 
6*4 
29H 
6! 
- 
Vt 
6o 
A 
’ a l l 
A 
H 
26V— 
V 
113 
27’ 8 A 
+B 
2 1 *o - 
’ 7 
58' a A 
H 
5o 
- 
I 
19 Vt— 
V, 
29*8 + 
H 
9+7 
9*7. . 
2oV + 
Vt 
22+8— 
V 
23*o— 
+8 
27H A 
Vt 
3o*o- f/4 
99U A 
*8 
36*4 A 
*8 
35*8 A IV 
7 
A fa 
15*7 + 
H 
23 
A 
+4 
W H A 
'a 
W U — 
*8 
2 5 V - 
*8 
22+4 . 
72H + 
' 8 
52 
54V— 
H 
25' 8 A 
Vt 
67% + 
*8 
24*8 + 
H 
42' ? + 
I' 2 
116 
— 2 
22V— 
’ 8 
46*2 + 
I 
5o*2+ 
H 
81 
— 
H 
85 
A I 
85'- a 
IV 
84 *8 a 
*8 
26 V 
74 
91V A 
+8 
7+8 
SH 
W H A 
*8 
53U a 
*8 
58*7— 
' 7 
58 
— I 
36*8— 
*8 
52*? + 
*8 
26*8 
16+4 A ' V 
2+ s- 
' o 
3 5 H - 
H 
16*8 + 
+8 
2 1 *8 - 
*8 
51 
— 
*4 
2o V 
3H 
42 U — 
*o 
152 
- 
I 
1 1*4- 
Vt 
17+4—• 
' 7 
18 V A 
Vt 
W 
— 
H 
19V — 
U 
24 
3 V 
667s— 
' 2 
I' 2 . . 
IS H — ' *8 
28 V . . 
11 + 2— 
*8 
34 V A 
V 
5*8 + 
' 8 
26 
— 
V 
42V— 
’ 2 
15H A 
U 
29 
— 
+4 
76+?- V? 
22'o— f/4 
38 V — f/4 
6oH 
31+8— '*o 
21V A 
+8 
13V— f/4 
55*8— 
H 
15o 
- 
H 
SH— 
*8 
12 V A 
*8 
16*o- 
V 
26 
— I 
43V— 1+b 
24 V A 
I 
25 
A 
!? 

6H. . 
6U 
9 V A 
H 
26+4 + 
+2 
35*2 + 
Vt 
39 
A 
V 
38*8 + 
1*o 
22 V A 
Vt 
17*8— 
* o 
7o — 3 
JO 
- 
I V 
2o’ o— u 
86U + 
I 
86 
A 
I 
85"?+ 
IU 
127 
- 
U 
32 H A 
'o 
26H A 
Vt 
137o + 
*o 
36 
A 
*8 
7*o— 
Vt 
4 +7— 
+ 8 
28'? + 
Vt 
19' ? 
21+?— 
+8 
15' ? + 
Vt 
16 
A 
*o 
67 V A 
I 
98*4— 
Vt 
82V A 
I 
8C'o + 
V 
79 — 
H 
28 
— 
Vt 
28 
29 " 2 a 
V 
29 V . . . 
7 
— 
*o 
14 
A 
Vt 
13U + 
Vt 
35*o— 
*o . 

24 
38' o 
34U 
83s 
13*8 
U U 
54 
17U 
29’ a 
33' o 
47*8 
7 
1*4 
14 >4 
5?7o 
4’ I 
74 U 
18' e 
12*4 
42'o 
43’ 7 
34’ 8 
31*4 
46’ a 
18’ a 
BU 
135 
52 
66U 
22'a 
91U 
1o4 
99' ? 
95 
31’ 7 
3o’ ? 
TO '4 
26’ ? 
23 U 
25 
76 U 
27'a 
31 
89 
13' j 
!?U 
21’ 7 
4' a 
57+ a 
2o3 4 
2 1 'i 
9 U 
29’ a 
19 U 
86U 
•14 'a 
43' 2 
77'a 
79U 
6o U 
15' a 
18'a 
3’ a 
19'a 
47a ll 
79 
87s 
31*8 
36 
39 
17’ ? 
39'a 
52 U 
16' ? 
6'a 
6' ? n u 
26'a 
36U 
6 * 4 
,32' ? 
115 
35 U 
39'a 
79 *4 
14' a 
39 
26'a 
357a l l ' ? 
SU 
45 3a 
59'a 
14 
15 U 
29 
71'? 
55'a 
76'a 
38 
9 U 
9U 
7 ’ a 
41 ’ a ll'? 
13*a 
14'a 
18 U 
1o 
6*8 
7 U 
773a 
75' 7 
17' a 
197 a 
75 
24 U 
21' ? 
49 U 
34' a 
IOU 
7*4 
35*8 
7o U 
15U 
717 8 
24'a 
23J4 le u 
?2U 
37' a 
43 ’ a 
17 
3oU 
26'a 
17' ? 
2U 
12*4 
7’ 7 
24’ a 
31 
13' a 
14'a 
19 U 
17'a 
U U 
233 a 
81 
4o U 
36 U 
25' a 
28 
37'a 
24’ ? 
39 U 
94 
7 ‘a 
16 U 
61'a 
F U 
28 
15U 
37U 
27’ a 
54 
29'? 
31 'a 
23U 
313 - 
13 

13*8 
193 a 
34' a 
45 
9 ’ a 
6 
6’ a 
39'a 
35 
36 
4o U 
32*? 
13 
22U 
IS U 
15*e 
IO 
?9U 
19'a 
17' a 
I?' 2 
63 
14' a 
13*8 
26U 
6 
61 
557 a 
33 
24'a 
13'8 
27'a 
38’ 2 
2o'a 
34U 
78' 2 
55 
7?3a 
8U 
19*a 
IOU 
55’ a 
8U 
317 8 
36'a 
29 
16’ 7 
1o3 
28*8 
634 
23*8 
37'? 
38’ ? 
78'a 
3o'a 
89 
86 U 
3 9'? 
212 
18’ ? 
IO* a 
17’ ? 
I Fe 
16U 
29U 
9U 
U U 
9 U 
34' ? 
2o' a 
2oU 
33*8 
23 U 
13U 
35'? 
34*8 
31’ ? 
3o'a 
21*4 
15 7 8 
187 o 
143a 
32*b 
29'? 
32*4 
25U 
27*8 
73U 
2oU 
29 
15*8 
2U 
2*8 
IO'? 
22' ? 
18*4 
18U 
3*8 
74 7 8 
87 
4o’ a 
14 
3*4 
3oU 
|p u 

17 
D iam M l.?2t 
33 
Diam Sh I IO IO 1368 
29’ ? Dia p fD 1 2o 
48 
6U D ickA B 
2o 
8 
234 
U ’ a Dictaphn 
64 IO 
288 
IOU Diebold 
5o 1 4 
287 
36U D ig ita lE q 
17 3529 
BU D illing m 
52 
6x319 
25 
D illngm pf 2 x5 
3o 
D illon 
I o8b l l 
63 
33' 2 Disney 
16 15 1811 
IU D 'vrsfd ln 
213 
I 
D ivrsM tg 
177 

Soles 
(hd* I High lo w 
8 
125 
23*4 
22U 
37H 
33*8 
7' 7 
12*8 
11*4 
41*4 
IOU 
27 
32U 
36’ ? 
IU 
I' 
56 13x3173 H U 
8o 
16 83 
48U 
I2e 
IO 274 
68 
1ox711 
37 
5 45 
4o 
5 68 
9o 
12 252 

176 

 l l 
DrPeppr 
42’ 1 DomeM 
2"8 DonLuJ 
22 
Donnelly 
15 
DorOiiv 
IOU Dorsey 
34* a Dover Cp 
35*4 Dow C hi 2o l l 4443 
2934 Dow Jon I 16 14x121 
223a Dravo 
I o5 ll 184 
37*a Dresser 
8o l l 2o84 
16*4 DrexBd I 44 
5? 
73b Dreyfus 55e 
123 duPont 
5 
49 duFhil pf3 5o 
62’ 2 duPnt pf 4 5o 
IOU DukcP 
I 6o 
84 
Duke pf 6 75 
99< - Duke pf 87o 
93’ ? Duke pf 8 2o 
9o 
Duke pf 7 8o 
79 
Duke pf 2 69 
26'a D unBrd I 24 
19'a DuqLtq I 72 
24’ 2 Duq pf A2 IO 
2? 
Duq pf I 87 
23 
Duq pf 
2 
23’ ? Duq pf 2 o5 
26 
Duq pf 2.31 
26 
Duq pf 2 75 
84’ 7 Duq pf 7 2o 
_ 
1o*4 Dutch By .14 IO 
44 l l 
9U Dym oln .44 
8 
435 
12U 
16*7 EG8.G 
36 15x777 
21U 
3U EMIL1 
.12e 
8 
743 
4’ a 
4oU ESyst 
16ob 
7 
117 
47U 
17*4 EagleP 
68 
8 
69 
19'a 
177s EascoCp 
75 
7 
125 
7o3« 
7 
East A ir 
4 13o1 
8 * 7 
74 
EastGsF 
8o 
IO 7o43 25’ ? 
IAU East UM I 6o 
IO 139 I/*? 
57 
EasKd 16oa 1513o26 
62’ s 
39U Eaton 
2 
8 572 44U 
39U Eaton pf I 19 
I 43’ 2 
22’ a Echlin 
6o 
I? 2o6 24'? 
2o*8 E ckrdJk 
48 
1ox1264 22'? 
55'a Edis Bro 2.2o 
3 
SS 
55U 
12U Edwrds 
6oa 
4 
45 
U U El Paso 
I IO IO 6595 
F e ElecAssc 
6? 
15'? EDS 
6o 14 
58 

36' 
33'8 
7 n u n u 
39*8 
IOU 
26U 
SP­ 
SS's 
IV* 
I l l 
48 
2U 
22U 
15'J ll'? 
41'? 
36 
31‘s 
29*8 
44 U 
17 
7U 

3U 
23 
16'a 
12 
4 2 *8 
37 
32*8 
IOU 
45U 
17U 
7U 
916 128U 126' a 
TO 
5o 
49'? 
78 
64 
63' a 
17o3 
22U 2 IU 
A 
9o 
89'? 
ZlOO 1o2*8 1o2U 
Zl2o 
98U 
98'a 
94 
31 
28' a 
2o 
26’ 2 
23' 2 
?4U 
26 U 
27 
79U 

Z17o 
39 
855 
467 z3o 
/1o9o 
ZI 52o 
Z141o 
Z34oo 
291 
Z23o 
44 
435 

3'? EIM eM q 
6 
296 
9' ? EIM M p flk 
3o 
19’ 7 E lginN at la 
7 
15o 
53s E lfx irln d 
5 
444 
26*- EltraC p 1.16 
7 
18o 
31U Enter El 
I 15 1o19 
32U Em ery 
1.5o 
18 
264 
IO 
E m eryln 
44 14 x83 
32*8 E m hart I 8o 
44 
E m hart pf 
IS 
Em pD E I 36 
5' 2 Em pD pf 47 
5*a Em pD pf 5o 
IO 
Em pD pf 92 
18’ a EmpGas 
4o 
31'? EnglM C I 2o 
5*8 EnnisB 
32 
27'a Enserch I 8o 
HO 
Ens pf IO 32 
27 
Entex 
I 2o 
31' ? E nvrtec 
8o 
25’ ? E quifax 
2a 
H U E q u im rk 
88 
7 
35'a EquitGs 2 84 
6 
22'- E qutLf 2 Ue 12 
29' 2 E sm ark I 76 
7 
8 * 4 E s q u ire 
18 

13U le u 
2'a 
17'a 
4' a 
IOU 
23' ? 
6’ a 
27*- 
34’ a 
38' 4 l l ' 2 
39 
51 
15U 
AU 
6 
IOU 
74*? 
34' ? 
SU 
3o*4 

345 
5 
9 
73 y5oo y6oo y9oo 
6 
324 
9 
511 
5 
63 
8 
562 
ZI 15o IU 
7 
146 
34U 
IO 
382 
8 
51 
7 
35 
6 
6o 
2o5 
314 
1o3 
95 
736 
19 
815 x 162 
411 
59 

37 
27’ 4 
12’ a 
37' a 
25 U 
3oU 
11’- 
7U 
4 3 *4 
55U 
13*4 
15*8 
28*4 
?o3a 

AU E sterline 36 
4o' 4 Ethyl 
I 7o 
52 
Ethyl pf2 4o 
11*8 EvansPd AO 
U U Evans p f! 4o 
25 
E x c e lO I 25 
19*8 E xclsr 1.73e 
•19'a Exxon 
3 
9x6238 52'8 
24 
FM C 
I l l 
772 
35 
FMC pf? 25 
21 
7*a Fabrge 
4o 
8 
356 
AU F ab riC tr 
2o 
5 
85 
SU FacetEnt 
12 
136 
28 
FairC ani 
BO ll 
526 
9’ a F a irtn d 
3o 1o 1326 
1o' ? F a irm lF 68 
8 
26 
17'a F a irm tp l 
I 
4 
34'a Falcons 
I 13 
8'a F rW s tF n 
6 
43 ? F a ra h M f 
5' ? Fedders 
74 
FedrlCo I 6o 24 
21 'a FdMoq 
1.4o 
6 
15’ a FedNM t 
1 
5 
167a Fed Pa Bd 9o 
6 
24’ a FPap pf 1.15 
21 
FPap pf I 2o 
13' ? FdSianl 
RO 
34U FedDSt 
I 46 IO 1786 
3o's Ferro 
I 25 
8 x 93 
8*a F ib re b rd 
6 
F id F in 
.3o 
5 
32*b Fidel Un 2 4o 
7 
19 
Fielders! la 
6 
9’ a F iltro l 
7 
IAU Fin San B .48 
5 
17 
FinlFed 
5o 
6 

38 

421 
13o 
331 
569 
143 
1o2 
2765 
SIB 
Z19o 
13 
11x6o3 

241 
83 
34 
124 
42 
93 
397 
18*4 Firestn 
I IO l l Uo6 
2161 
498 
1o5 
217 
663 
668 
17 
317 
8? 
49 
141 
39 x62 
152 
112 
59o 

13'? FstChar 
15r 
7 
18'a FstChiC 
96 
7 
31' a FtBnTex 
I 
9 
37'a FstlnB n LTO IO 
U U FSIMISS 
36 IO 
26'? FstNBo 1.88 
7 
23'a FINS!Bn 
2 
8 
15'? Fst Pa 
I 32 IO 
1*4 F tP a M tg 
11*8 FstUnRI 
I 
14 
6*8 FstVa Bk 
45 
8 
21 
FWisCp 1.76 
8 
27*4 FiScnM 
I 2o 
IOU FishFds 
11U FishrSci 
IOU FleetE nt 
15 u Flem ing 
1o*4 FlexiV an 
18'a F lintkot I 16 15 
63 
F lint pf4 5o 
3o 
Flint pf2 25 
23'a FlaECst 
2o 
Fla Gas 
I 2o 
71' ? F laP w l. I 56 
28'a Fla Pow 2 28 
18U FlaSfl 
I 2o 
33'a Fluor Cd 
I 
8o 
Fluorpf 
3 
SU F d F air 
2o 
U ’ a FooteCB 
I 
527 a FordM 
4 
15 
F orM cK 
I 
25' a FMR pf I 8o 
U *s Ft Dear 
I 24 
32’ n FtHow P 
.72 l l 
19' 2 FosWh 
65 
9x1224 27 
42' a Foxboro I 2o 
IO 1399 53U 
16'n F rn kln M 
74 
6 1268 18*- 
25U FreepM 1 6o 1ox38? 
28’ a 
IAU F rig trn lOe 37 17o7 
23U 
27'b Fruehf 
I 8o 
7 
31o 
28U 
8'? Fuqua 
36 
6 577 IO 

6o 
28 
4o 
8o 
7 
8o 
2o IO 1779 
317 z 18o 
7 
49 
338 
1988 
29o 
8o 
915 
2 
87 
6o 
3976 
1314 
14o 
96 
639 

25U 
37 U 
8 
7U 
7 U 
3o' a l l ’ ? 
1o*4 
13 
47*8 
9*4 
5 U 
6*8 
26*- 
23 U 
16 
18*4 
24'a 
23’ a 
2o7 a 
37*- 
3 IU 
9’ ? 
7 
33'? 
2oU 
14*- 
2Fa 
24 ’ a 
2o V- 
17 
19*8 
32*8 
41*8 
12U 
2 7 'j 
24*a 
IAU 
2 
12*8 
6’ 3 
22'? 
29 
IOU 
13' a 
11*8 
IAU 
U U 
19*8 
7 7 '- 
38*« 
33 
25'a 
26'? 
32'? 
I9 U 
39*- 
94 
AU 
16'- 
56' 4 
F U 
77 *8 
15U 
35 

94 
3o' ? 
26*8 
19' 7 
26' 2 
22*8 
24 
25*- 
26'4 
26 
87'? 
1o*4 
1o' 7 
2o*8 
3U 
44'a 
17*4 
19’ ? 
7*8 
24’ a 
17' a 
57 
43U 
43'? 
23' a 
2o*8 
55'a 
13*8 
F U 
IU 
16*- 
37a 
IO 'a 
22*8 
5' 7 
?6*- 
33 
3 7 'i 
11 
37' 4 
5o 
15*8 
6 
6 
IOU 
24 
33*8 
5*8 
29U 
113'? 
33' 4 
36*4 
26U n u 
36*8 
24U 
3o'a 
1o*4 
6 * 4 
42 
54*- 
13*4 
U U 
27*8 
7oU 
5o*8 
25 U 
37' ? 
7*4 
6U 
I 
29*a 
IOU 
IOU 
13 
44 'a 
9*8 
5 
5*4 
26U 
23’ ? 
15U 
F U 
24'- 
22'- 
I8U 
34U 
3oU 
8U 
6 * 4 
33 
2o'8 
14'a 
21 
23' 4 
19*a 
IAU 
19' 8 
31'? 
4o*4 
12 
76'? 
24*b 
16' ? 
1*4 
12' 8 
6 * o 
71U 
28*4 
IOU 
12*4 l l 
15*- 
14 
18*4 
74' 7 
38 
31*4 
23*4 
26 
31*8 
I8U 
38 
94 
6*3 
15*4 
54*4 
16*a 
26*8 
15 
33 U 
25*8 
52'- 
16U 
27 
22*8 
28'4 
9’ ? 

N et lo st Chg 
23U + 
*4 
37*8+ 
*8 
33' J - 
3 4 
7'8— 
* o l l ' a— 
* o l l 3? 
... 
41’ ?+ 2 
IO3 2 
26 U + 
U 
31*4— 
*o 
36’ 4 + 
*8 
IU 
1 n u * u 
48*8— 
*o 
2U - 
'a 
22U 
15*» 
U 
12 
+ 
*o 
42*8+ 
*a 
36' a 
*B 
31*o— 
U 
3oU + 
*4 
44'a - 
U 
17'- * 
V* 
7*- 
127 
- 
*a 
49*7— 
63' 3— 
+8 
72'- + 
' a 
9o 
1o2U 
98'a 4 
*4 
94 
+ I 
3o*-a u 
26' 7— Pa 
2o 
+ 
*? 
26' 1 + I 
22*o 
*8 
24' — + 
*4 
25*4 + 
' 7 
26'?+ 
'a 
28 
— 2 
87'>— 
' s 
11 
+ 
U 
12U+ 2'a 
2oU + 
*8 
4 
4 7 * 4 4 2'? 
1 8 *4 - 
*4 
2o 
+ 
*a 
B U * 
' a 
247 a + 
' a 
17*8+ 
'a 
58*o - 2*4 
437a F 
' 8 
43'?+ 1*8 
23*o 
7a 
21 
IU 
5 5 '-— 
'-J 
13*o— 
' 8 
18' a + 
'? 
2 
17’ o+ 
'a 
4 
'a 
IOU— 
' a 
22*-— 
* o 
SU 
26+4- I 
33*4 + 
' 4 
37*4— 
*4 n u * 
*8 
39 
+ IU 
51 
J 2U 
15*4— 
' 8 
A U * 
U 
6 
* 
U 
IOU a 
U 
24 
— 
U 
33*8 - I 
5*o— 
* o 
3oU + 
' a 
113*7— 
’ ? 
34U + 
* 4 
36*o 
U 
27 
+ 
'a 
12 
37 
+ 
* 4 
24 u — 
*4 
3o*8+ 
*8 l l 
+ 
'a 
AU— 
’ 8 
4 2*o — IU 
54*4— V ? 
13*8 + 
U 
U U — 
' a 
28*-+ IU 
2o*8— 
' a 
5 1 *8 - 
'■? 
25*- + 
'a 
37 U + 
Va 
7U 
AU— 
' a 
7' o a 
' a 
29*-+ 
U 
11'-+ I 
IO U - 
*4 
13 
— 
'a 
47'- a 2*4 
9 U + 
' o 
SU a 
*4 
6’ a + 
' a 
26U 
. 
23U 
15*4+ 
'a 
17*8- 
*4 
24'- 
.. 
2 2 '-— 
7 a 
19 
— 
*- 
3 5 't— 2U 
31 
— 
*8 
9 U + 
1 7 
AU— 
' a 
3 3 '-+ 
U 
2oU— 
'a 
14*8 
*B 
21*8+ 
*8 
24'—+ IU 
■ 2o 
+ 
* o 
16U + 
' a 
19U. 
. 
32U + I 
41 ’ a + 
12+4 + 
26U- - 
24' a— 
16U + 
' a 
1*4 — 
12U+ 
* o 
6*8 
22'-. 
. 
2 8 '-— 
3 
1o*o— 
' 
13 
- 
' 
11*8— 
' 
15*4— 
' 
14*o + 
I 
18*8— 
* 
74*?— 4'? 
38 '-— IV 
32 
— I 
24U + 
* o 
26'-— 
’ a 
32*8+ 
' o 
19*4 + 
*4 
39*4+ I'? 
94 
+ 1+4 
6*8 
. 
16 
+ 
*8 
55*8+ 
’ ? 
16U + 
*8 
27*4+ 
15*4. . .. 
34U a I 
25*7.... 
52*o- 
IU 
18*4+ IU 
27U + 
U 
23*4+ I 
7 8 *4 - 
’ a 
9U — 
1 a 

6o l l 
I 2o 
I 8o 12 

 l l 
GA+Cp 
16’ a GAFpf 
28’ a GATX 
39 
GATX pf2 5o 
7*8 GCACp 
o5e IS 
5'.1 GF Busn 
32 
47e G ablelnd 
22’ 2 GamSk 
I 4o IO 1872 

13 

223 o Gams pf I 6o 
24 
G am s pf I 75 
323a Gannett 
I U 
32' 2 Gannett wi 
9 
GapStrs 
2oe 
7 
17’ 2 GardDen 
76 19 
13U G arfink I o4 
7 
13' ? GasSvc 
I 2o 
6' a G atew y 
15e 
22 
G earhrt 
28 
17'a Gem Ca 
1 2o 
143 a Gem In I 2oa 
9 ’ n GAInv I 22e 
S23a GnAmO lh 
11'a Gen Banc 8o 
1o*8 GnCable 
21' a GCinma 
4*8 GenDevl 
49 
G enDyn 
477s GenEI 
I 8o 13 6184 
55*8 
29 
Gn Food 1 64 
9x1o99 31' 2 
21*r GnGth 1.38e 2o 
147 
24*s 
IO U Gen Host 
6o 
183 b Gen Inst 
36t IO 
36 
Gn Instr pf3 
15U GenMed 
3o 9 
26’ a G enM ills 
88 12 
66' a GnMot 6 55e 
51' 2 GMol pf 3 75 
69’ 8 GMot pf 
5 
67a Gen Port 
18 
GPU 
1.68 

28 
2o 
636 
15 
89 
559 
54 
7x1oo 
4o5 
6o9 
72 
8 
125 
17 1483 
7 
34 
72 l l 
91o 
.68 
7 
72 
5 
133 
6 
655 

I? 
18' a 
31J a 
4oU 
8U 
SU 
5*2 
39*- 
35 
36 
33*8 
32*7 
IO 
2o*? 
14*4 
14'a 
IO 
29 U 
19 
15' ? 
IOU 
62U n u 
U U 
2 2 * 8 
5 
55 u 

91 
419 l l 
1o3 
989 
7 6462 
26 
9 
322 
8 2478 
7*4 G nRefr lOe HO 521 
497a GnSianl I 36 13 
5U G ensteel 
7 
28' 7 GTelEI 
2 
' 
32U GTIEI pf2 5o 
27*4 GTIEI pf2 48 
W a GTE! pf I 3o 
97*4 GTFI pf 8 16 
25’ a G Tire 1.2ob 
4' 2 Geneseo 
?! 
Genstar I 4o 

332 
1o2 
4o24 
3 
188 
Z22o 
ZlOO 
6 
645 
22 
4o2 
5 
14 

11 Vt 
2o 
36 U 
16U 
29' 8 
69*8 
52U 
7o'- 
7*8 
19*8 
1o*4 
55 U 
7 
31*7 
34 U 
28*s 
15*4 
99 
28''7 
AU 
22 U 
29’ 2 GenuPtS 
9o 15 
374 
33U 
31*4 
27*8 
29' ? 
86 U 
85 
24*b G erb er I 4o 12x84o 
38*4 
179’ j GettyO 2 9oe 
12x475 184' 7 
17'? GetlO pf 1.2o 
4 18*4 
8'a G ianf PC 
AO 35 
69 8U 
8*- Gibr 
Fin IOT 
5x453 IP ­ 
SU G iddLew 
5o l l 
144 
13’ ., GiffdHHI 
8o 
6x 2o5 
2SU G ille tte 
I SO l l 1734 
A U G in o sln c 
1? 
37o 
IO1 J GleasW 
.44 IO 
115 
7 
G io b M a r 
1199 
24*8 Globe Un I 2o 6 
81 
16*s G ldW Fn 12e 
4 
645 
F U GoldW pf.78 
98 
25' a Goodrh 
1.12 18 
821 
18' 1 Goodyr 
LIO 11x29o9 2oU 
H U G orJw lA 4o 
6 
1 29 
U U 
27'a Gould 
1 12 1o 2522 
27*4 Gould pf I 35 
417 
28 
Grace 
I 8o 
9 2387 
26' 2 G rainger .56 IS 
164 
16 
Grana Un 
I 
7 
46 
13*8 G ran itvl 
9o 
5 x74 

3o 
Ga Pac 
8ob 
26*4 GaPw pf2.52 
28' ? GaPw pf2.75 
85 
GaPw pf7 8o 
82' ? GaPw pf7 72 

U 5661 
36 
AO 
Z46o 
Z47o 

11*8 
14 
29*8 
8 
14' 7 
9*8 
33*8 
18*- 
19 
3oU 

16’ a G rayD rg 
8o 
5 
36 
IOU G IA!! Pac 
17 
55o 
22U G tLkD I 2oa 
5 
43 
19*- G tN olr 1.5oe 17 
122 
27' a GtNoNk I IO 
8 
467 
2o' 4 G tW nFin 
7o 
6 14o9 
19' ? Gt Wst U td 
J 
18 
18' ? GI We pf I 88 
76 
18'a G rG iant LIM 16 
35 
25' ? GrGt pf 176 
5 
13+4 Greyh 
1o4a 
9 1o5? 
I' ? Greyhnd wf 
332 
I 
G rofier 
HO 
8' ? GrowC 
32b 
6 
84 
16*a G rum m 
I 
6 14oo 
14'a Guard In 
.3o 8 
217 
12*4 GuHWstn 66 
4 1755 
'? G lfW lnd w t 
168613 16 
72 
GlfW pf5 75 
I 
73*- 
63 
G lfW pf3 87 
5 
7o 
33'a GlfW pf2 5o 
52 
35*4 
IOU G lfL f Hid 
6o 13 
692 
131- 
F a G ulfM tq 
53 
77a 
77'a GulfOM 
1 8o 
7 8o29 
28 
16*8 G ulfRes 
I 
9 
767 
19*a 

347 a 
34*7 
3o+4 
3o 
2o7a 
U U 
17*8 
IOU 
29 U 
24'- 
3o*4 
227s 
2o'J 
2o*4 
19'8 
27 
14 
1*8 
IU 
9 
22’ ? 
18*4 
U U 

 n u 
F U 
3o 
4o 
8*8 
5U 
5 
3oU 
27' 4 
29 
32*8 
32'? 
9U 
2o'a 
U U 
13*4 
9*4 
26*4 
18U 
15'- 
1o'a 
58 Vt ll* ? 
12*4 
22 
478 
53'? 
52U 
31 
23*- 
1o3» 
19 
36*4 
16'? 
273 - 
67 U 
52*4 
69 U 
7'a 
19 
8U 
54 Vt 
6*7 
3o U 
34*8 
28 Vt 
15*4 
99 
27U 
5U 
22*8 
32*8 
3o 
27U 
29 
85*4 
833 J 
37'? 
179'? 
18 
BU 
IOU 
IOU 
13U 
28U 
AU 
13*s 
8 * o 
3? 
18*8 
18U 
28*4 
19' ? 
13*8 
33*8 
33*8 
29 U 
29 
2o*8 
14 
IAU 
IOU 
287o 
21'8 
3o 
22*4 
2o 
19'? 
18*4 
27 
13*4 
I ' 7 
IU 
8U 
21' a 
F U 
U U 
* 7 
73*4 
68 
34' 8 
13'8 
2*8 
27U 
18*4 

11U— 
'b 
F U - 
Vs 
3o' o— I 
4o 
- 
>7 
8 U— 
' 1 
5*4 ... . 
5' ? + 
U 
37*?+ 6*? 
33*?+ 6'? 
34+4+ 6*4 
32*4— 
U 
32'?........ 
9U 
* o 
2o*8— 
Vt 
U U 
137/a— 
*4 
9' ?+ 
'a 
29*?+ 2U 
19 
15'-— 
Vt 
1o*4+ 
'a 
62 
+ 1U n u 
13U+ 
'a 
22 
— 
U 
5 
54*4— 1*4 
54*o— 
U 
31U + 
U 
24 
+ 
U 
1o’ ?— 
*8 
19'?........ 
36*-+ 
U 
16*8 + 
* o 
28 — 
U 
68 
— I 
52*4........ 
69U 
7'o— 
1 a 
1 9 '-+ * *4 
9 U + I' 2 
54*o f 
*a 
7 
+ 
*8 
31*7+ 
U 
34U 
28*8— 
Vt 
15*4........ 
99 
— 
*4 
28U— 
U 
577»— 
U 
22U + 
U 
32U + 
Va 
3o*4 
27*o a- 
1 a 
29 U + 
1 a 
85*4— 
U 
85 
+ I 
37*4+ 
+o 
179'?— 3 
18*4+ 
*4 
8*4+ 
U ll 
1o*4— 
*o 
I SU— 
1 a 
29 
+ 
*4 
7 U + 
U 
13+4— 
*8 
9*»+ 
U 
32*8— 
*4 
18*7— 
U t a u - 
*8 
29 
— IU 
2o’ o + 
U 
13*o+ 
* o 
34' 8— 
*8 
33*8— I 
3oU + 
U 
3o 
+ 
* 4 
2o78+ 
U 
U U + u 
17 
— 
U 
IO’ a— 
*8 
29' 4— 
' e 
23' 4— 1*8 
3o's.......... 
22U— 
Vt 
2o 
- 
*s 
2o*4 + 
U 
19 
........ 
77 
- 
'e 
14 
I ' a.......... 
IU 
S U * u 
21*4 + 
' a 
18 
+ 
'/? 
14*7+ 
*a 
+4 + 
*8 
73*4+ 
U 
69 
+ 1V4 
35*4+ IU 
13*4+ 
Vt 
2*- 
27*o- 
*8 
19U + 
* o 

STRICTLY BUSINESS 
Mc Feat ter s 

 loans 

Yearly 
High la w 

J r 
S f 
<> i l l I Hs5SbI8 
8 « iaIJ 
V 
+* J \ 
K lrlp 'YIwMNw 

I 

; 

84 W 
^ 

I know I h-vi’ cl— der references cmiewheie here 

Yearly 
High lo w 

 l l ’ . 

78' j 

25' ? 
25 
14U 
58' .■ 
64 
7V 
3*4 
38'- 
71'? 
23 
64 7 8 
25'4 
18' a 
23'a 
6 
23’ e 
29 
54 >4 
34U 
1o 
35'a 
24'a 
16'a 
39’ 8 
39 U 
26'b 
14’ ? 
79'» 
18’ ? 
2S7a 
19 
17 'a 
9*8 
15U 
7o*2 
34 
SIU 
6' R 
?77a 
377» 
7*4 
8'4 
78' .■ 
27's 
17 
19’ a 
4?U 
87' ? 
8'a 
23’a 
?37a 
25‘ a 
8*8 
13*- 
24 >4 
37U 
437a 
25U 
57’ a 
24U 
7’ s 
22 
78’ ? 
11'a le u 
3o'a 
18*a 
9's 
21U 
47'a 
38 U 
36'8 
35*4 
12*7 
F U 
19'a 
18U 
11 
I?' ? 
18 7 8 
F U 
17*4 
U U 
26'? 
IAU 
45*4 
118 
6U 
47 'a 
7o78 
84 
13*4 
37 
31'a 
73*4 
99 
BU 
27's 
27 
27 U 
27 
52’ ? 
49*4 
56 
28 
17*4 
34 
7*4 
IOU 
89 
173 
79 
25' H 
18 '8 
25'a 
78 
SOU 
3?U 
52'- 
23*- 
16'- 
19’ 7 
3o'? 
IU 
IO’ ? 
46 
9' 2 
39' a 
786’ a 25o 
2?' ? 
18' 
37 U 
44’ 8 
49 
TOU 
TOU 
69'a 
AU 
35U 
65 
6o’ a 
59*- 
65’ 

M U Gulf R pf I JO 
2o ‘ a GulfR pf I AO 
12U C if St Ut I 12 
5? 
GlfSU pf4 4o 
A l' .• GlfSU pf5 o8 
JO 
4' ? Guiton 
2*4 HMW 
35 
HackW 
17 
H allF B 
19'a H a llP rt 
54' 7 H alltbrf 
2o'a H a m rlP I 3o 
IAU Han J Se I 49t 
21 

IS 
92 
8 URA 
SFO 
/198o 
12x354 
7o 
3 
9 x 4 
76 ll 
434 
8oa 
7 
16 
I 12 3131 
9 
541 
128 

Soles 
(heft ) High lo w 

Han J in I 88e 
59 
Handlm n 
2o I? 
IU 
19'a HandyHa 
8o 
8 x 44 
22' J Hanes I 36 Ax 147 
47' a Hanna 
I 8o 
3! 
Har Br J I 44 
8 
Hardees 
16 
23'8 Harm an 
SOh 
IAU Harnishf 
8o 
13 U Harrah 
4o 
32U H arrB k 15o 
28 
H a rris 
8o 
24' M Harsco L4ob 
U U HartSMx 
77 
25'a HarteHk 
75 ll 
17 
HattSe 144a 
23’ a HawLEI 
I 88 
16 
HayesAlb lh 
8'? Hazeltn ,1oe 
Hecks 
HeclaM 
W U H eilm B 
28 
HeinzH 
Heinz pf I 7o 
HeleneC 
Heller Inf 92 
H elm erP 
78 
HemCap 
Hem Inc 
A6e 
H e rcules 

24 sot 
8o 
I TO 

17' . 
3o’ . 
IV 
8 
7o' 
19 
Hershey I I? 
8 
Hesston 
16' a Hestn pf I AO 
77U Heublin 1.32 
68' h H ew ltP k 
4o 
6 
HohVolt o5e 
2o'h H illenbd 
82 
19'a H lltonH tl 
97 
2o’ a Hobart 
I 
6 
Hoff Fie 
74 l l 1 a Holiday 
46 
2o3 4 H lidyA 1.7ot 
2?7a HollyS 
2 4o 
34*2 Homes! k 
I 
22’ a Honda 
15r 
43*? Honywll 16o 
2o'a HoovBB 112 
I '4 Horizon 
13'? HospAff ,32b 
21 >4 HospCpA .4o 
9*h Hostlntl 
44 
WU Houdail 
9ori 
25*4 Houdpf 
2 25 
16*h HouoM if 
84 
7' 4 HousFab 
32 
I9*a HoushF I 2o 
43 
HOUF pf? 37 
34+4 HOUF pf? 5o 
3o 
Houslnd I 76 
27*e HousNG 
9' a HowJohn .32 
WU Hubbrd 12o 
16 
HudsnA .8o 
16' 4 HudsnB 
A*- Hugh Hat 
34 
HughsTI 
U U Humana 
H U HuntCh 
13 
H uttnE F 
!?U Huyck 
T IU ICInds 

74 
?37s 
13U 
53’ ? 
63' ? 
7*4 
3 
37 U 
19'a 
7o' 2 
63'a 
247 a 
17’ ? 
22 
5*4 
22U 
25 
54*4 
32U 
SU 
34' 4 
23 7s 
IAU 
33' 4 
38 *- 
26*o 
13 
?7U 
18’ 4 
74*4 
F U 
IO’ ? 
9 
17 7 B 
7o 
3o 
79 U 
6 
19*4 
36*- 
1U 
BU 

179 
493 
169 
353 
482 
44 
157 
589 
7oS 
168 
87 
I? x48 
8 x36 
5 
32o 
6 
268 
7 
3o7 
777 
6x167 
8 
466 
32 
5 
156 
8 
463 
12x335 
28 x33 
112x2219 2 1 '- 
19*4 
1o' a 
F 7a 
76'a 
74'a 
BU 
T IU 
23'a 
23 U 
AU 
12 
21*a 
23 U 
41U 
24 U 
52' a 
247 a 
2 
T IU 
74'a 
H U 
17*4 
26'? 
F U 
77e 
2o 
44 
35U 
8x17o3 32 

7 
166 
4 
135 
23 
IO 5171 
2o 
938 
19 
763 
8 
1o2 
9 
371 l l 
384 
7 
45 
8 1837 

1? 
34? 
19 
42o 
21 
74 
9 262o 
I 
3o2 
478 
8 
169 
8 
737 
7 
319 
6 
366 
3 
8 
JI 
7 
279 
8 1677 
9 
15 

7o IO 1913 
7 3639 
12 
93 
1o2 
IO 
1o4 
I 
8 
164 
5o 13 1118 
5o IO 
7o6 
34 12 3o18 
6o 
5x216 
AO IO 
125 
I 4o 
7 

8o 
4o 

1o37 
273 
38 

888 
427 
76 

42U I Clod pf 3 5o 
41U ICpfwi 
3 5o 
IOO 
I Clnd pf 
A 
4'a IC N P ha 
53 
4o' a IN ACP 
2 3o l l 
I8 U IN AIn 
L59a 
79’ ? ITTSvc pf 4 
4 
H U I U ln tl 
9o 8x2451 
32' ? I Ulnt A 
26'a IdahoP 
2.16 
19’ a Ideal Ba 12o 
86 
Ideal pf4 75 
7*? IdeaToy 32b 
25'8 IHPowr 2 2o 
24'a ll Pow pf? o4 
25 
IIPow pf2 IO 
25 
IIPow pf2 13 
487e IIPow pf4 12 
45 
IIPow pf3.78 
52U IIPow pf4 47 
2 1 * 4 ITW 
56 
15 
Im plCpA 
4o 
26*? I NCO 
L4oa 
6*? IncC ap 
9 '- IncCCu 
88e 
82' 7 IndiM pf7.76 
117 
IndiM pf 
12 
24U IndiGas 2.12 
6 
52 
23 
Indpl PL 19o 
8 198 
16 
IndlN at 1 2o 
7 
96 
H U InexcoO 
31 6667 
65 
IngerR 2 8o 14x71o 
45 
InqR pf2.35 
47 
25*8 InfndCon 
I IO 
126 
43'a InlndStl 2.6o 
IO 1514 
U U Inmont 
8o 
8 561 
I3U Insilco 
88 
8 484 
17*- Insil pf A 1,25 
2o 
24*4 InspCop 
2oe 26 x33 

29U 
97a 
IAU 
F U 
F U l l 
391 4 
167b 
F U 
15 
13 
26*? 
46U 
45*4 
21 118 

9 
469 
9 
659 
7 
5 
543 
1o 1138 zlO 
ZI 13o 
Z25o z?Bo zlOO 
112 
56 13 
3o9 
5 
63o 
IO 3434 
25 
17 
Z6o3o 

5U 
45 
19' 2 
84 
13'- 
37 
27 
22*- 
98 
8' 2 
26' ? 
25*4 
26' 4 
77 
5o U 
47 
54*4 
22' ? 
15U 
28' 4 
AU 
IOU 
89 

23' ? 
23U 
13 
52 
A IU 
7U 
2*4 
37' 4 
18 
2o 
AO7 a 
24U 
167a 
21*a 
5'? 
72'4 
24 
52*4 
31 
SU 
33*8 
23 
16 
32’ a 
37’ 8 
26 
12*7 
27'? 
F U 
23U 
IAU 
8*4 
SU 
12*4 
19'4 
28*4 
29 
5*4 
19’ 4 
34U 
1*4 
8'? 
2o*8 
19 
9 U 
I67a 
23*a 
71*8 
7U 
2oU 
22U 
22U 
6 ’ ? 
11*4 
21' 7 
27 U 
4o U 
73U 
5o U 
27’ 4 
1*4 
2o' 4 
23' a 
IOU 
16*8 
26*8 
F U 
7*8 
19U 
44 
3 4 *4 
31'? 
28 U 
9' 4 
I SU 
F U 
F U 
1o*4 
377b 
16’ ? 
13*4 
U U 
12*4 
24U 
4 3 *4 
43' 2 
112' 2 
4*8 
43 U 
187 s 
82 
12U 
35U 
76 U 
71U 
96 
7*4 
26 
25*- 
26 
27 
SOU 
47 
53*8 
22 
15’ a 
26*? 
6*4 
IoU 
87 

Net loaf Chg 
24*a 
23'a 
' a 
13V 3 
'» 
52 
2H 
61H 
2% 
7 U 3 
, a 
2H 
' a 
37 HA 
* o 
19 
A I 
2o' ? A 
' 4 
62U * 1*4 
24*a 3 

Z46o 12o’ 8 119 

43 
63' 4 
32 
83U 
35 
18 
27'a 
6*4 
26’ a 
17'? 
23'a 
28 
26'a 
77’ a 
6*4 
18 
157 a 

19’ 4 
F 7a 
IOU 
37*e 
46' 7 
1o4’ 7 
92'a 
91 
132 
115 
26'? 
4*— 
36 
78U 
17 
43*4 
15*4 
58' ? 
76U 
22’ ? 
49'a 
46 *8 
39' ? 
38’ 8 
46 
67 
77'? 
77 
75 
12*8 
I? 
F> 7 
32U 
33U 
3? 
1o’ 8 
3878 
18U 
3o’ ? 
48 
58 
28*8 
38U 
17*4 
22 
24’ 7 
22 
28U 
27 
9*8 
24 
8 * 4 
187 ■ 
2o*4 
11*4 
U U 
77U 
15*8 
3o 
3o7e 
74 U 
16*4 
74’ 2 
21*8 
3o U 
51*2 
5o’ ? 
45*- 
13U 
2o>- 
38 U 
19*? 
36? 
26*8 
55 
7U 
477a 
4o*8 
U U 
27'? 
25U 
17’ ? 
SU 
6 * o 
13U 
18 
54' ? 
24U 
237s 
U U n u i6 u 
41'? 
31*8 
78*? 
23U 
19 
V 4 

IU InstlnvT r 
8 * 4 Inlegon 
36 
36*4 Interco 
I 8o 
5*- InterctD iv 
33 
Interlak 2 2o 
IBM 
In tF la vF .44 19 
29*n IntH arv I 85 
6 
377a IntM inC 2 4o 
7 
44' 1 IntM in r pf4 
13’ a IntM nq 
4o 
9 
1 6 In tM u ili 
85 
7 
S IU IntP aper 
2 
5*- Int Reef if 
2o 
31'a In tr T 
I 76 
59 
IntTT p fH 4 
55' 7 IntTT pf J 
4 
53*2 IntTT p fK 4 
61' ? IntTT pfO 5 
38 
IntTT pf2 25 
59’ a IntTT pf 4.5o 
277 a Intrpce 
165 
74'a Intrpcepf 
5 
28' 7 IntrpG p 1.6o 
16*h IntrsP w I 45 
24' 2 InPw pf 2 28 
5 
Intrst Un 
24 24 

43 
23o 
136 
28 
159 

26 
25'a 
F U 
25+4 
75*a 
48*4 
32’ a 
44*- 
2?U 
16' 7 
18*4 
26U 
IU 
9 U 
4 F b 
8 
333- 

25U 
24*? 
17 
22 U 
74'o 
48 
3o*4 
43*4 
21U 
16 
I8U 
24*4 
IU 
9' a 
4o* a 
7U 
33 
IO 16 4469 257' 4 25o*? 
389 
19*8 
19 
1552 
7 
624 
2 
9 1oo7 
7 
66 l l 1492 
33 

37'a 
4 1 *4 
49 
2o*- 
18*a 
58' ? 
SU 
9x7o48 35U 
, x?4 
65 x33 
6o'a x1555 59*4 x25 
63U 
X1o33 43 x233 
63'/ 

19*4 Iowa Bf 
5o 
W a Iowa El 
I 5o 
2o' ? Iow anG I 8-1 
76U lo w 111 pf? 31 
747 a Iowa PL 2 IO 
TOU Iowa PS 18o 
4' ? IpcoHsp o5e 
U itekCp 
12’ ? lf el Cp 
3o 

J 

16o 
19 
I 
39 
9x126 z61o 
254 
974 
2o9 
13o 
Z 75o 
227 
7o8 
27? 
187 
1843 

L 

?97a 
77 
35 
F U 
257 a 
AU 
26U 
17' 7 
22*o 
27 
26'* 
22' a 
SU 
16’ a 
15'? 

36' a 
411 a 
4 8*- 
2o*8 
F U 
57'? 
5*- 
34 ' 4 
63 
58'a 
57'- 
62U 
41*? 
61'- 
28U 
75 
33*- 
17*8 
25*- 
6 
24 
17 
21*4 
26' ? 
25*? 
21*? 
4U 
15*o 
13*4 

1o ‘ 2o4 
6 
61 
274 
9x325 
Z 4o 

JamesF 
BO 
U U Jantzen 
BO 
8 
JapanF 
98e 
26*e Jeff Pilot 
92 
4 3 
JerC pf 
4 
98’ ? JerC pf 9 36 
87 
JerC pf 8 12 
83 
JerC pf 7 88 
123 
JerC pf 13 5o 
1o9*4 JerC pf l l 
22’ ? Jewel C 
13o 
3 U Jew elcor 
4 
27 * a JhnMan I 6o 12 2237 
67U Johns Jn I 4o 17 2254 
7 
JohnsEF 
2oi 
882 
TAU JohnCn 
I 4o l l 
453 
12*4 JonLogn 
2 
6 
S31 ? JonLaupf 
5 
19‘ b Jorqen 
I 
7 
18U Josfens 
I ll 
4o*2 Joy Mfg 13o 13 
34 
K L M A i 

IB’ J 
U U 
8*8 
27' 7 
43 U 

125 

TU 
ZITO 
69 
1o5 
815 
12 
14x329 
426 
VIOO x25 x46 x l 
XIA 
8 
573 

32' 7 KaisrAI 
14o 
33 
KaisrAI wd 
44'a Ka'Al pf 2 37 
56 
KaiAI pf4 12 
66’ a Ka! 57pf 4 75 
68 
Ka! 59pt 4 75 
66 
Ka! 66pf 4 75 
9'a KaisCem 5o 
9 * 4 KaisCem wd 
15’ j KaiCe pf 1.37 
29 
KaiCe pf2 5o 
31U KaisrSt I 5o 
31 
KaisrSt wd 
BU KaneM il 
28 
27U Kaneb 
I 
17 
Kaneb wi 
2878 KC tyP L 2 46 
43' ? KCPL pf3 8o 
53*7 KCPL pf4 5o 
26*4 KCPL pf? 33 
27’ a KCSoln 12o 12 
U U KCSou pf I 
197a KanGEI I 76 
7 
2o 
KanNb 
148 
8 
197s KanPLt 17o 
7 
27’- KaPL pf2 32 
25*4 KaPL pf2 23 
A' 2 K a tylnd 
3 
18’ * Katy pf L 46 
7*8 Kau! Br 
o6e 12 
17’ + Kau! pf L 5o 
WU Kawecki lOe IO 1o4 
9U Keene 
3o 7 
135 
9'8 Keller 
2o IO 
232 
23’ e Kellogg 
LIO 15 443 
13'- K e llw d 
92 5 x39 
23'a Kennm tl 
96 l l 
91 
25U Kennel 
6oe 56 
967 
22 
K yU til 
I 96 
9 
182 
12'? K errG ls 
4o 
59’ a Kerr Mc. I 25 
16'a KeystCon la 
22U KiddeW 12o 
47’ 2 Kidde pf B A 
46*- Kidde pfC 4 
4o’ a KimbCI 2 2o 
9 
11* 8 King DSI 
.6o 
7 
13*- Kirsch 
9o 14 
3o*8 KnigtRd 
72 l l 
14*a K o e h rin .8o 7x4o8 
32’ 7 Koeh pf2.75 
21U Koppers 
-9o 11x699 
511 8 Kopprpf 
6 * o Koracrp 
43U K raft 
27*- KresgeS 
127a Kroenir 
23U Kroger 
23 
Kubota 
12U Kysor 
4 1 2 LF E C p 
5U LF E pf 
9+4 LT V C p 
14’ 7 LTV A 
5o 
LTVCp pf 
5 
19U Lac Gas 166 
18U LamSes LIO 
12 
Lane B ry 
8o 
9 
Law trCb 
4o 
13*4 LearSieg 
5o 
367a LearS pf2 25 
27 
L easw 
1.4o 
22' 8 LeedsN 
6ob 
17 
Leesona 
I 
15’ 8 LehPCI 
I 
I U L e h V a lly 

 y96o 
4 
88 
2 32 
9x444 
.56 14 7718 
2 Se 61 
53 
1.44 
7 
,42r 2o 
8o 
9 
7o 
5o 
6 
35f 

19 1 a 
15U 
SU 
28*8 
44 
Z23o 1o4*? 1o2*8 
Z7o 
9o 
88'- 
Z1oo 
8 7 '- 
87 Vt 
2 48o 124U 123 
1 15o n o 
HO 
526 
23'8 
3*4 
35*a 
65'a 
8*a 
43*- 
13*- 
57 
26 U 
22 
47 U 
44 
39'- 
38*o 
46 
6 6 * o 
76 
76 
73’ ? 
12*8 
12 
16*8 
32 
32*o 
31*4 
1o*8 
36'a ta u 
3o*8 
45 
55 Vt 
27*8 
37'8 
12 
21U 
23U 
22 
28 
27 
7 
2o 
SU ta u 
2o*4 
11*8 
U*8 
26U 
14 
28*4 
29'o 
24U 
U U 
6 8 *4 
16+4 
24*4 
48*o 
48*o 
45*- 
12U 
16*4 
33*4 
18U 
34*8 
24*a 
5 I U 
6U 
47*8 
29 U 
13U 
26’- 
23*8 
16’— 
5 
6*o 
IO U 
15 
51*8 
21*8 
237,s 
13 ' 

151 
21 
I 
I 
1o3 
273 
I 
191 
I 
594 
59 
8x12? 
VIOO y32o x23 
! 
48 
119o 
3 
118 
I 
524 
' 
217 
7 
6 
I 
148 
55 
792 
13 

6 
232 
13 1o73 
9 x76 
935 
I 
13 
815 
379 
95 
62o 

678 
13 
AO 
28 
2 
774 
3o 
25 
7 
46 
8 
66 
8 x68 
15x1o32 1o*8 
7x12o6 15*4 x31 
4o*- 
9 
128 
9 
131 
6 
1o7 
I 
136 
157 

3o*8 
2 4U 
21*8 
16*8 
Ha 

22*8 
3*8 
3 4 *4 
62U 
7 
41*- 
1 3 *4 
56 
25+4 
21*8 
47 
42'a 
38'4 
37'a 
46 
6 4 *4 
73'J 
75 
73*8 
1 1 *4 n u 
16*4 
32 
32*8 
31U 
9 * 4 
34 U 
F U 
29+4 
44*8 
54*3 
27 Vt 
36*? 
11*8 
21*8 
23 
2IU 
27*4 
26 U 
6U 
19*8 
7U 
18*2 
19*7 
IOU 
12U 
26 
13*2 
28 
78>- 
74U 
13U 
6 6 * o 
1 6 *4 
22 U 
48*4 
47*o 
44*? 
11*4 
W U 
32'- 
17'? 
34 U 
24 
51*3 
6U 
4 6 *4 
28*3 
127b 
25*4 
23'- 
15 
4 * 4 
6*8 
IO 
15 
5oU 
2o*? 
23 U 
12’ o 
9U 
15*4 
39*8 
29*8 
73*4 
2oU 
16U 
I U 

17V a 
14 
21*4 A 
* 8 
5*8 
22H A 
V 
24 
' 8 
53 
I 4 
31H 
I 
8 * 8 A 
' 4 
33' 7- 
23'? 
) 4 

WV 
' 8 
33V * 
, j 
38 V 
26'a A 
% 
WU 
I 4 
27*4 A 
I 4 
WH A 
*8 
24' a A 
I 7 
W'a 
*B 
IO U 3 
IU 
8*4 
1 8 
WH f 
' *, 
TO 
3 
U 
28*4 
' 7 
29V 
' 7 
5*4 ♦ 
19H 
' a 

34H 
I' 7 
IV 
BH 1 
I a 
2o7 a 3 
'a 
W H A 
IO 
U 

17*4 
% 
25*4 A 2V 
74 
A 7'4 
7 +o - 
V 
2o*4 
' 7 
23 
3 
' 8 
22*4 A 
14 
6’ ? 
1B 
I I H — 
' a 
21+7 
'o 
23 
- 
*o 
4o*8 
*8 
23*o 
14 
52 
A 
1*o 
24’ a a 
IU 
2 
A 
' o 
2o*o 
I J 
23 V 
*o 
H U A 
' o 
W V A 
+4 
26' ? 1 
V 
WHA 
I 4 
7H A 
1 4 
W H 
' 8 
44 
I' 7 
34 V u 
31 vt— 
' o 
29' 7 
+4 
9' j— 
*o 
16+o— 
17*8 
W HA 
+4 
IOU A 
'a 
38 V ~ 
H 
W U A 
% 
M V 
2*o 
K U A 
'a 
WH 
26*8 4 
IU 
46' 7 A 2% 
45V A TV 
117+?A 
7 + 2 
57a A 
I 
45 
A LH 
19' '7 + 
+4 
84 
A 5 
W U - 
' 8 
35 H — 
% 
27 
A 
' a 
22 
H 
96 
I 
SVA 
U 
26 
- 
% 
25*4 
26V a 
% 
71 
SOH 
' 8 
47 
A 
' 4 
54 
34 
22’ ? - 
’ 2 
15*a - 
1 8 
2 7 V - 
% 
6 * 4 
1o*4 
I 4 es 
- 
H 
IW V - 
V 
257a A 
1 o 
25 a 
* 2 
17*7— 
*4 
25 V A 
2% 
74 V A 
V 
4o+2 + 
I 
3oV 
2 
43 V — 1% 
2 2 'a - 
+ 7 
I6H 
W V A 
1 8 
25 
- 
V 
1*8— 
1 8 
9*4 A 
+2 
4 o H - 
IV 
7U — 
Vt 
33U A 
*o 
253V 
3 
W H A 
*8 
37 
- 
% 
41+7 
49 
A i v 
2o*4 A 1 + 7 
W 'o - 
"a 
57 U — 
1 7 
5U A 
Vt 
35 V a 
Ua 
64 
A 2+4 
59' o A Va 
58 V A 
1*2 
62H A I 
42*o + 
IU 
62*o A 
*4 
28 H A 
% 
76*? A 1% 
35 
A I 
17+4 A 
1 H 
2 5 V - 
V 
6'a 
26 
A 2*8 
F U A 
Vt 
22 V A 
Vt 
26+?- 
A? 
26 
7 1 '? - 
% 
5+? A 
*2 
15*?— 
*4 
15*7 A 1% 

IV 
A 
U 
15 
- 
V a v - 
H 
28*8 A 
Vt 
44 
A 
<7 
1o2*?- 
I 
9o 
A 2 
87 V . . 
123 
— 
V n o 
- 
2*7 
23 
A 
3 V . 
*o 

35 
- 
"# 
65 
% 
7+2— 
U 
43*8 + 
IV 
13’/?. 
56 
I 
25V— 
Vt 
21H A 
Vt 
47%— 
>4 
43H — JVA 
38 H — 
' a 
37V— 
V 
46 
A 
H 
66*8 + 
2*4 
76 
A 
*4 
76 
A IV 
73 *? - 
Vt 
11 Vt— 
Vt 
11*8— 
V 
16*8 A 
*o 
37 
— 
*4 
32% A 
'o 
31"? 
1o*8 A 
Vt 
36*8 + 
*o 
18 
3o' o A 
' V 
441/?— 
Vt 
55 V A 
% 
27 U 
3 6 V - 
' V 
11 V A 
'o 
2!% A 
+4 
23"? + 
Vt 
21*o- 
*o 
27 H - 
*o 
27 
A 
*4 
o% 
Vt 
IV V — 
Vt- 
8 
- 
W H 
Vt 

2oHA- 
H 
11% + 
Vt 
1 3 U - 
V 
26% A 
*8 
13V A 
'It 
28H 
% 
28*o- 
% 
2 4 *4 - 
V 
14 
67% + 
*o 
16+?- 
*o 
2 3 U - 
*o 
48 V A 
*? 
48 
- 
Vt 
45 
. 
12+o— " 'it 
16 
A 
Vt 
33 
A 
Vt 
18 
A 
*8 
34 U A 
+o 
24+o A 
% 
51"?+ 
I 
6 % - 
Vt 
46%— 
+o 
29%— 
U 
W H— 
H 
26 
A 
H 
23*o- 
+o 
16 
+ 
IU 
5 
A 
Vt 
o *8 A 
H 
IO 
- 
15 
Vt 

51"?+ 
V 
21V A 
H 
23 V A 
" o 
13 
A 
Vt a v ­ 
Vt is*?. 
39% 
Vt 
3o*? + 
I 
24V— 
% 
TOH— 
% 
17 
— I 
I*? A 
VS 

13 
7*o 
24 
7*3 
13U 
U U 
JOH 
6 * o 
37’ b 
T I U 
19U 
5'« 
12 
35'a 
92U 
8o 
48U 
38 
76 
I9H 
3U 
W H 
TIU 
41' a 
T I U 
17' 7 
19'? 
37'? 
I I H 
16' 2 
23*8 
19’ 4 
57 
89 
96' 4 
131+4 
28 
28 
3 3'. 
F U 
31'4 
18' H 
77’ ? 
15 
37 'a 
16’ ? 
9',. 
J4 
14 
35'4 
9 

U U 
42'a 
SU 
21' ? 
13' ? 
6 'n 
A’ s 
IOU 
19' 2 
37 

B u 
IOU l l ' 7 
42' 7 
25' 7 
9'a 
41 'n 
■FU 
18 'a 
59 
2o 
U ’ a 
IS 'a 
SRV 
14 
61 
23 
787 a 
2o'a 
287 a 
26 ‘ a 
74’ ? 
U U 
22 >h 
18 V 
117« 
26 V 
7>? 
37'8 
76 
3'a 
357 s 
TOV 
56 V 
5 3 'b 
2 4 'a 
73 
33 
18 
79 
34’ a 
2o' a 
76U 
IS’ ? 
17’ 2 
74 
61 
61 
37 
27H 
77'? 
■16 
68' 4 
2o'a 
25' 7 
397 a 
4o’ 1 
Ll 
79 s a 
TIU 
37U 
44’ 2 
9SU 
26 
17’ ? 
3o 
26*o 
25 
18 ‘ a 
F U 
I U 
37 
26U 
14'a 
23 V 
57 
72U 
13' ? 
TOU 
49’ 7 
29' 7 
F U 
27 >s 
71 
4 'a 
I9H 
7 V 
23' 7 
52'? 
6o'a 
27 U 
15*8 
12’ a 
88 U 
94' ? 
4 7 '- 
28'a 
23 H 
H H 
537a 
35'? 
56+4 
29 V 
13' a 
4 U 

1o’ a 
7+8 
22*4 
6 V 
13 
14 
TSH 
4 V 
33 
65'a 
I9U 
SU 
12 
317o 
92 
74U 

IOU Lehm n I 25e 
SH I ennar 
2 1 * 4 Lenox 
I 
6 
LesFay 
4ob 
H U LevF dC 
13 
Lev Fin 
75a 
25+4 LeviSfra 
8o 
4’ ? l.evitzF 
SOH LOP 
I 8oe 
64 
LOF pf 
4 75 
18 
LtbrtyC p 68 
2* o L ib rty L n 
4 V L ib rty ln pf 
31 
L qqfGp T SO 
85'J Ligot pf 
7 
73’ 4 Ligqt pf 5 25 
36U L tfly E ll 
142 
317b Lm cN at I 6o 
65 
Line N ip ! 3 
18'a LincPI I 72a 
2' 4 Lionel 
? 
IJ H L itto n ln 
ISI ll 
17’ 2 L ittp fc pf 
36' ? Lilfo n p f 
3 
2o'a Litten pf 
2 
8 ’ a Lockhd 
4 
16 V Loc fife 
16 I? 
31' 4 lo e w s 
I 2o 
6 
8 ' 2 Loma Fin SO 9 
U 
Lom M 
9 Ie 
19'a to n Star I IO 
9 
F U L n q lsL t I 63 
7 
55 
L it pf B 
$ 
84’ 2 L II. p it 5 75 
91 
L II plK 8 3o 
125’ 2 L II PIN 
13 
26 ? L II pfP 2 43 
26H LTL PIO 2 47 
141 
23’ a lo n g Dr I 56 16 
94 
13’ ? Loral Cp 
AO 
8 
31o 
25 U L a i and I 2o IO 2611 
U U LaP .ic if IO 9x1367 16 
2 4' ? LouisGs I 92 
9 
165 
26H 
11'a L Owens! 
6o 14 
14o 
U U 
27 V L u b riro l I 3o 12 
629 
3o7 o 
13’ 7 LUCkyS 
68b 12 
462 
W 
7 H Ludlow 
4o 
9 
65 
8’ ? 
25H LukenSt I AO 
9 
68 
JO1 ? 
9 V Lvkes 
JOI u n n u 
25’ a Lykes pf 2 5o 
681 
28H 
6'» LynC Sys 
Kl 1o 
38 
7H 

M 
- N 
- o 
5 
15 
8 641 
5 
164 
2o 12 1468 
AOI) 24 
99o 

S ol** 
Net jh d * I H igh la w lo t! Chg 
643 
'I 
141 
? 
221 
1 
IU 
% 
6 1169 
2 
575 
7x5o1 x21 
6 
128 
64o 
138 
9x17o 
Z19o 
9o 
13x2123 37U 
9 1238 
38 
X47 
38 
919 
64o 
4 
2 
27 
77o4 
155 
1644 
469 
649 
434 
67o 
ZSo 
3 
2 FOO 

76 
19*8 
SH 
W H 
18*- 
4o 
TLH 
12+3 
F U 
.14 
IOU 
16’ * 
23' o 
ISH 
SS' 3 
88 
93 

IO* 
6 * 4 
S IU 
6' 3 
12*4 
W U 
27+3 
4 + 3 
JOU 
64'a 
IOU 
4’ 4 
IOU 
31' o 
9o' ? 
73*4 
36H 
35 U 
71'? 
19 
2*8 
12*4 
18' 3 
39' 3 
21 
IOU 
17 
32 
9U 
15 V 
2o*o 
IS H 
55'> 
88 
91 

 l o 
­ r n * 
S IU — 
6'>— 
13 
+ 
W H -- 
28H + IU 
4-H+ 
3 1 U - 
65 
— 
I9 H + 
4U + 
Io 7%-- 
31U 
9o 3~ 
73H + 
36*4 
38 
+ 
76 
+ 
19*8 + 
T H * 
U U — 
1 8 '8 - 
39’ * - 
21'- 
12'* + 
17’ o + 
327»- 
9U 
16’ 2 * 
SI 
- 
18*8 
55’ 7 * 
M 
- 
91 

I'? 

IU 

JIAO 129 x594 
27'» 
27U 
26*8 
I6+? 
27+4 

I28U 128V 
26' 
TAH 
TSU 
W U 
257 a 
W U 
25*4 
13 H 
IO 
14+3 
8' a 
3o 
IO 
25' a 
7*8 

26*4 a 
27 H 3 
25+7 
W U 3 
76U 
IS' 2 
26' 7 * 
13*8 + 
3o** 
15 
+ 
SU 
3o' 4 - 
IO' a— 
26' ?- 
7U 

4oo 
1b 

17V 
3 !’ i 
51 
IP . 
5 
9 
33 
22 

 lOe 
36 
5o 

IO 
M B PX 
36'« MCA 
4 
M E I 
W a MGIC 
7H M acAF 
4 7» Mat Don 
5 + 4 M acke 
8' 2 M acm ill 
M cm i pf I 2o 
M acy 
I 3o 
7 
M acvpf 4 25 
Mad>.Fd 77e 
MadSqG 
IO 
M aoicCf to 
7 
M a llo ry I TO IS 
M alonH 
68 
IO 
7'a M anhln 
2ob 
4 
36'a M frH an 19? 
7 
4o' ? MAPCO LIO 14 
12 
M a ra tM 
SO 
5 
47’ a M a ra to 2 2o 
16'« M a re m l 
AO 
IO 
M a rM ld 
8o 
17 V M a rio n l 
4 5 ' a M arley 
93 -i M a rrio l 
53' . M rsbM 
17*8 M arsh F 

45o 
IOO 
432 
3 
315 z 13o 
428 
2o 
236 
283 
23 
29 
871 
58o 
1o66 
7x2469 51 
6 
143 F U 
22 
VAS U U 
56 IO 
FO 
I 
7o 8 
113 
75t ll 3183 
7 
4o F 443 
I 
74 9 768 

 l l ' 7 
38H 
4 ‘ a 
16 
13' 8 
6 * o 
6 H 
9*4 
18 
337 a 
54 
U H 
9’ a 
IOU 
42' J 
73’ a 
SU 
37*4 
46 
18 V 

73'a M ar I Ma I 4o 
9 33o3 
W U M aryK 
4o l l 
78o 
M rldC u 
AAI) 
8 
45 
Masco Cp 28 IO 1641 
M asonit 
AO ll 
781 
M asM 
I lie 17 
1o9 
M assy F la 
4x829 
“ 
I 52 
96e 
33e 

74 
18' 
18 
17’ 
IJJ 
157 a MasCfp 
11 ' n Mas Inc 
71’ a M atsuE 
S 
M a lle i 
23 V M ay DSI I 16 
23'a M ayerO 
8o 
3 
MaysJW 
28’ 2 M aytq I 5oa 
15 
M r Cord 
84 
•CIU M cDer 
LAO 
37’ a Mi Dnld 
2o 
IOU Mc Don D 
5o 
IS1 
AM Donb 
9o 
78' » M cGEd I Al) 
W 'a M cG rwH 
HO IO 
26’ ? M GH pf L TO 

W U 
58*4 
1o+4 
S9U 
ISH 
28 H 
U Hr 
19’ 4 
137a 
71+4 
16 V 
11V 
72 »o 
7'? 
TSH 
74'- 
3+o 
32 
2oH 
53*4 

28V, M rln ty r 
15’ ? M cKee 
1 
TO 
Mc Lean 
46 
13 
Mc Lout 
3o1 l l 
M c N e il 
HO 
ISH MeadCp 
I 
49 V Mea pf AT BO 
49+4 Mea pf BT 8o 
27’ 2 Medusa I AO 
71*4 M e lville 
VA 
16' 7 Menasc 
2o| 
M ercS tr 

167 
138 
9 x 31 
8 3F9 
8 125o 
1o 
4o 
12 
76 
13 
587 
7x936 
4 1377 
15x3572 41H 
8 5378 
23 
6 
19 
9 
343 
668 
15 
5y 389o 33+2 
6 
186 
18' 2 
8 
73 
9 
1o6 
6 x37 
6 93! 
2 
21 
7 
7o 
9 1939 
11 1143 
8 
97 

2o 
31H 
18 
79 

M erck 
LSO 15 2638 
M eredith BO 
.5 
23 
F U M e rrly n 88 
9 1231 
31 
Mesa Pet 
IO 16 915 
33H MesP p it AO 
328 
HU Mesa bi I 33e IO 
3o9 
22H M esta LSOe 6x137 
579 
554 z7o zlOO 
84 
39 
15 
52 
IO 
74 
9 
7F 
9 3165 
31 
8 
HBI 
8 
236 
7 
238 
41 

16 
M G M lr 
26 V M etrom I IO 
47 
M IE PIC3 9o 
88V, M IE p lJ8 32 
TS 
M I 1 Con pf 2 o5 
13+8 MchGs I 2ob 
78' ? M hW i pf7 67 
25 
Mb Wi pf 2 12 
2o'a M ierow v 
4o 
16 
M idC II 
174 
W H M idS U t 138 
1'b M id ln d M 
287 a M id i Ro 
I 6o 
77 
M ilesLb 128 
11*o M ill Brad 
6o 
21V, M innG s I 72 
477„ M in M M I 7o 16 183o 
•ZOU M tnn P l. I 76 
8 
IVA l l ' ? M irro Al 
96 13 
IAU M lssnE q 
48 
6 
39’ a M PacC 
I 8o 
7 
27’ a AAnPtCe I AC 
8 
W U MOPSv lb 
8 
257a MOPS pf? 4,1 
62 
M obil 
3 8o 
7 
7' ? M obileH 
U H Mohasco 
9o 
4'a M ohkDta 
71' 7 M ohkR 
12o 
36' j M olycp 
12o 
49'? M o ly p f2 5o 
74 U M onrh 
12oa 
12U M onoar 
28 
8’ a M onrE q 
2o 71 
54o 
73*a Monsan 3 IO 
8 7o23 

76 
1o8 
7 U76 
8 
279 
8 
133 
15 
I 2298 
169 
9 
145 
W 1167 
4 
63 
9x553 x i i 
5 x4o 
6 
287 

87’ a Mons pf 7 75 
35*8 Mon DU 2 4o 
9 
24 
Mon Pw 18o ll 
22 
M o n ist L8oa 
IO 
M ON Y 
96e 
13 
41+b M ooreM I 35 
6 
35' ? AAooreM wl 
48 
M organ 
7 IO 
7! V AAor Kr, I 1ob 
6 
9 H MorseSh .5o 
4 
3'a M tg T rA m 
18 *« M ot Nor 
I 8x721 
42 
M otorola 84 14 1685 
I8 + 7 M tF u el 
7 ll 
33o 
74U M ISITel I 88 IO 
WI 
7 V M unford 
4o l l 
63 
5* 7 M unfd pl 
4o 
16 
16 
Munsng I o8 I! 
83 
F U M urphC I 28 
7 
22'a M urp O il 

3 
66 
614 
1o5 
T il 
238 
I 
RHA 
421 
374 
166 

8o 
8x517 
I 2o 
8 
18 
I 32 
63 
4o 15 
238 
8o 
9 
963 
17o IO 1826 
76 
8 
859 
2 451 
7 
187 

I8H M urryO 
I5*« M utlO m 
9 
M yersL 
3? 
NCR 
IJ H NL Ind 
2o+4 NLY 
A1 7 NVF 
45V, Nabisco 2 57 IO 
645 
27' a N al co Ch LIO u 1o15 
H U NarcoSci 
6o 
7 
76 
W U NasbuaC 
68 
9 
366 
IOU N a tA irl 
SO l l 
367 
14’ 7 N Avia 
77e 
131 
12+a N a !Can 
57 
5x142 
73 
NCan pf I 5o x56 
W a NI Chem 
48 11 
933 
8 ’a N IC ityL 
45e 12 1314 

9 
7 
5o U 
2 
7 

294 
655 y no x IO 
48 
31 
49o 
233 
313 
I 
16 
657 
235 irs 
497 
21 1o39 
8 
263 
7 
179 
13 x83 
IO 1287 
56 
5 1595 
547 
6o 
7 
2o7 
74oo 
176o 

77’ 
SAH 
48 V 
78 
9*8 
6 V 
18' 7 
TOH 
33'a 
25'a 
17 
13' a 
38 H 
73*« 
74 V 
9'a 
SIU 
34'a 
U U 
19 
W H 
W U 
U H 
25" a 
27'a 
15 V 
79 
257 a 
77’ ? 
38 a 
79'a 
? /’ 7 
WU 
SH 
7 H l l 1 ? 
14 V 
767a 
V U 
26 
5/7» 
787 a 
I5+? 
2o'a 
51 
45'a 
4 * 4 
45 'a 
78 V 
16' 7 
25 
19 
2o7» 
25 V 
23 
23 U 
W H 
1o7' ? 
31' 4 
36'a 
31’ ? 
48 V, 
1o4 
25'a 
TO7 a 
3o 
92' a 
16’ ? 
41 
4? 
SA 
59' 7 
69'? 
ITI 
IU 
89+? 
13 
31' a 
31 
37 
22*4 
27'a 
56'- 
5 
36 
4'a 
I'? 
11*4 
TOH 
48' a 
BHV 
93*8 
1o3' 7 
3o 
47'? 
52 
55 
58 
87*4 
12o 
1o8 
68U 
32 
_ 
. . . 
SH 
4 + o N o rth g a te 1o9 HO 
-197a 
41'? N o rtb rp 
2 
7 622 
3oU 
22’ ? Nwst A irt 
SO 
IO 2323 
497e N w tB nc I 92 
IO 133 
37' b N w tE nr 2 2o 
7 2o2 
32 
N w tE n r ct ? 
43H NWI Ind 
2 85 
21*4 N w stlnd wt 
98 
N w tln pf 4 2o 
163' ? UA 
N w tln pl 
5 
28 
26' ? NWI P pf2 SO 
IIH N w M Lfe ie 

TSH N a lD e tr 152 
23' ? N atD ist I 6o 
7 
69U N D ist pf4 25 
37V, NDist pf? 25 
25+a Nat FO 2.16 
6 
75V N lF G p l 7 3o 
IS7a N atG vp 1o5 ll 
4 
NatHom 
6' a Nat Iud 
3o 
4 
1o'a N tln d pf 6o 
13' a NI Ind pf I 25 
F U NAAdCr 
24 
12+8 N M edE ,44b 
2o 
NM ineSv 
46'a Nat PrstO 
16' 7 NtSemic 
137» NSvc Ind 
8? 
16 
N Stand 
1o4 
43'? N St ar ch I o8 
39 
N atlS tl 2 5o 
3*4 Nat Tea 
33’ a N atom L6ob 
25+7 N atm pf 16o 
13' 2 Neptune 
5o IO 
22'a NevPw 
176 
17' 7 NevP p f! 6o 
19 
NevP pf 1.74 
73' ? NevP pf 2 3o 
21 
NevP Df 195 
21'a NEngEI I 94 
9 
W H N E nG E 136 
7 
1o4' ? NBG pf9 8o 
79’ e N E nP pf2 76 
32’ a NEngT 
7 6o 
9 
27H NYSEG 2 4o 
9 
47'a NYSE pf3 75 
98+2 NYSE pie 8o 
23*- NYSE pf2 12 
15 
N ew hall 
56 l l 

7o' 2 
U H 
U ’ a 
73*o 
59+4 
6o 
31H 
73+a 
27' ? 
37' a 
53*4 
19' a 
IJ H 
35U 
37'? 
W U 
TSH 
71U 
28*4 
43*8 
94 
76 
W H 
3o 
76 
72H 
17 + 7 
WU 
I *o 
32 
24'a 
U+4 
7 7 '2 
SIU 
21'- 
12*4 
7o'a 
4V' ? 
2V' ? 
17U 
26H 
66*8 
3 
WU 
4+4 
23' ? 
SIU 
59+7 
25*8 
U H 
IoU 
79 
BA'? 
4o 
25'a 
73+8 
II 
53*4 
35*» 
49H 
29+4 
W U 
3U 
2o' o 
44' 7 
45+8 
27 H 
87» 
5*4 
ISH 
19H 
33 U 
23*4 
V ' 7 
U H 
34 H 
23'— 
23*8 
A H 
5o+i 
32 
17 
ISH 
12U 
16+8 
13 
25' a 
IAU 
15*4 
77*8 
75*o 
69' ? 
38 
28 
27+4 
18*8 
4*8 
6*4 
IoU 
13+4 
I9U 
15*4 
23 
57 U 
19H 
14*8 
17'? 
47*8 
4o 

I I H 
36*8 
4 ' 4 
W H 
IOU 
AH 
6 
9 H 
18 
33' 4 
S3 
U U 
9 H 
9 H 
4o+2 
22’ ? 
8U 
37 
45 H 
W U 
47 U 
1 6 *4 
11*4 
12*4 
57 H 
9'? 
58' ? 
F U 
27+4 
W H 
247 a 
18' ? 
18 
13' ? 
TOH 
W H l l ' 7 
2 LU 
AU 
24 
24 
3 
31 
19* a 
51*4 
4oH 
2o'a 
19' 7 
31*8 
F U 
78' 2 
32 
17H 
TOH 
U+a n u 
27U 
59'a 
5V 
29+a 
21*4 
76 
36*- 
51' a 
W U 
F U 
34' 8 
36' 2 
13+4 
27 H 
2o 
27 U 
43 
93 
25 
W H 
79 V 
TSU 
217 • 
F U 
IS7 a 
IU 
3 o V 
23’ j 
11 Vt 
21U 
49+8 v in l l ' ? 
I9 H 
48' a 
29 
W H 
TAH 
65*4 
7' J 
W U 
4 U 
2 2 *4 
5oH s a n 
74U 
W H 
9*4 
77*8 
86+? 
39+» 
24H 
2 2 *4 
1oU 
52'- 
35+8 
48’ 7 
78'a 
9 H 
3U 
19+4 
4 2 *4 
4 3 *4 
27'- 
8*o 
5H 
ISH 
1 8 *4 
31H 
23H 
W U 
U U 
33U 
22+4 
22' ? 
AU 
48' 4 
29U 
11+i 
F U 
17 
W U 
U H 
74V 
W H 
W U 
26+? 
25 
69'- 
37'? 
26*8 
26U 
17 

IU 

I' a 

4oH 
78*4 
16 
72*4 
18 
19*4 

24’ a N ew m l 
I 6o 16 1196 
77 
N w m t p f4 SO 
U 
N iaM P 
134 
37 
N iaM pf 3 4o 
SBH N iaM pf 3 6o 
52' ? N iaM pf 4 85 
57+? N iaM pf 5 25 
66 
NiaAApt 6 1o 
IW V N iaM pf 1175 
1o9' ? N iaM pf IO AO 
84 
N ia M pf7 72 
IO*? NiaqShr 97e 
77 H NI cor 
? 3? 
27'? N icor p f! 9o 
28 
NorfW n I 76 
F U N or!in 
I 4o 
73 
N o rris 
I 

6+8 
1oU 
13'a 
ISH 
15 Vt 
27’ a 
53+4 
W H 
U 
16'- 
46+? 
39 
3U 
37 H 
27'? 
15*7 
22V? 
17*4 
19 
24*4 
21 
27'? 
W H 
/SO 1o6' a 1o6’ a 1o6'a 
7 
3oU 
3o*4 
3o V f 
33*4 
34' a f 
29*a 
29*8— 
46 
46 
— lo in 1 o 1* 8— 
25’ a 
25*8 + 
19H 
19*8— 
24 H 
77 
W H 
38 
4o 
54*8 
58 
69*8 
119* 

 y?44o ?4’ o 
32 
21U 
192 
227a 
84 
W H 

6o 
34U 
345 
29 V 
Z6o 
46+4 
Z42o 1o2 
5 25*a 

11+7 
38’ ? f 
4 3b a 
15H+ 
W U ♦ 
A’ a — 
A U L 
9+4 + 
18 
33+o 
53 
- 
1 2*8- 
9 U 
IOU + 
47' ? f 
72U + 
87a 
37 V ♦ 
45' ? 
17U + 
48'o 
16*o - 
U U 
13 
- 
5814 
9U - 
59' 4 
18U ♦ 
28'a i 
U H + 
25 
!8 7e 
WU 
13*8 + 
2 1 H - 
W H 
I I H ♦ 
J IH - 
7' 8 I 
74 
24 H + 
3'a + 
31'- 
19+8 
53' 2 ♦ 
41 U L 
227a + 
19' 2- 
317a + 
F U 
28 V 
37' 4 + 
17+4 
TOU* 
U H ­ 
U H 
72 H - 
5 9 *4 - 
59 
29' 7~ 
22+ o- 
27' 7 + 
37*o + 
52*4— 
19 
+ 
17'/,— 
35'a + 
37' 4 + 
1 3 *4 
78 f 
21'J + 
2 8 '- + 
43 
- 
93 
— 
25+8 + 
15'a + 
3o 
+ 
26 
+ 
72 
- 
17+2 + 
W 
- 
I U ,. 
31U + 
74 
I? ' a + 
22H + 
49 U 
?1*B— 
12 
+ 
I96o 3 
4 9 H * 
29 H a 
W H 
26U 
66'a f 
2 + 8 
16 
4*8 
2 2 * 4 — 
51+? + 
59+j + 
25*8 + 
14*a + 
IO'a 
78*2 + 
86'?— 
39+7— 
2 4 *4 
23 
IOU + 
52U — 
35*8, . . 
49 U + 
29 
+ 
11*4 + 
3*4 
2o H + 
43 V - 
45 
+ 
77i.r _ 
8*8— 
5 *o - lo u ­ is * - — 
33U + 
23H- 
*o 
16' 2 + 
H 
U H 
34 U + 
' o 
22U 
23'?+ I 
67a+ 
'a 
48V - IU 
32 
+ 2+a 
1 1 *-+ 
+8 
ISH + 
Vt 
U U 
... 
I 6 U 
3 
3 a 
U U — 
*o 
24+a 
16*4 + 1+8 
U H L I U 
?6H + 
V 
2 5 'a - 
'a 
69U — 
U 
38 
+ 
H 
77*. + 
U 
26U 
* a 
17*4 
+4 
4' a + 
' a 
6 *o— 
Vt 
IO U — 
U 
13+8. . 
19'- + 
Vt 
15*2 
22H 
55U+- IU 
18H + 
14*8— 
17*8+- 
47'a + 
*8 
39+4— 
Vt 
4 
+ 
U 
39 
+ 
1*o 
2 8 *o + 
H 
W 
72' ? 
17H— I'a 
19*4 + 
* o 
24*4— 
U 
21 
22 U — 
1« 
W U + 
Vt 

Stock Symbols 

Sales figures are u no fficial 
Unless o th e rw is e n o te d ,ra te *o fd iv ld e n d $ in fh e to re going fable are annua1 disbursements based on thetas! quarterly or sem i annual declaration Special or extra dividends or paym ents not designated as re g u la r are identified rn the follo w in g footnotes 
' a 
Also e x tra or extras b 
Annual rate plus stock dividend c 
L iq u id a tin g dividend e- Declared or paid 
In preceding 12 m onths 
1 
Oeclaredor paldafferstock d ividen d o s p litu p j 
P a id fh lsye a r d iv ld e n d o m ifte d . deterred or no action taken at last dividend m eeting 
I, 
Declared or paid this year, an accum ulative issue a■*’ d ividen dslna rrears n 
New issue r 
Declared or p a iifin p re c e d in g IT m o n fh sp lu ssto ckd ivid e n d f 
P a id in stock in preceding 17 months estimated cash value bn ex dividend or ex d istrib u tio n date x 
Ex dividend or ex rights y 
Ex dividend and sales in fu ll z 
Sales in full cid 
Called wd 
W hen distributed wi 
When issued ww 
With w a rra n ts xw 
Without w arrants xd is —Ex distribution 
‘ vt 
In b a n kru p tcy orrecelvershiporbelngreorganlzed under the B a n kru p tcy Act. or securities assumed by such companies 
X Where a split or stack dividend am ounting lo 25 per 
• eni or m ore has been paid the year's high low range and dividend are shown tor the new stock only, 

Yearly 
High law* 
Sales 
Net la s t C hg 

1*o 

1 *4 

1*8 

IU 

IU 

H 

*7 

75 

24 
2476 
113o 
Z 7 IO 
Z45o 
Z7o 
ZlO 

2o 
25'- 
78 
W U 
41 
41*7 
56 
59 
69*3 z76o ITI 
Z17o 112*8 112 

43 
NoACoal 
3*« NoAM tg 
3! ' 4 N oAPhl 1.5o 
JU NoCAir 
12 
I 
NoCeAir wt 
IOU Noes* Ut I o2 
17 'a NlndP S 144 
44' a Nor NGS 2 o8 
83 
NONG pts 6o 
85' 2 NONG pf6 84 
993a NONG pf8 48 
26’ a NO St Pw I 94 
42*4 NSPw pf3 6o 
49 
NSPw pt4 IO 
49' 8 NSPw pf4 16 
54H NSPw pt4 56 
8o' 2 NSPw pf6 bo 
115 
NSP pf 1o 36 
1o3 
NSPw pf8 8o 
85 
NSPw p f 
7 
27 v Nor Tel 
64 

9o U 

 z2?o 
176 
7 
211 
I 
8 
81o 
6 x96 
7x4o1 

89 I l l 
29U 
28*4 
33'- 
72U 
26+4 
54U 

88*? 
1o*3 
28 U 
28U 
32+8 
71*o 
25H 
53 
3 V 
32U 
3H 
I l l 
I I H 
45*o es 
88 
1o1 
27 H 
45 
SOU 
SI 
55 
8o'? 
Z4o 119'? 119'? 119*? 
26o 1o5 
1o5 lOS zlOOO 86V 
86H 

75 
125 
637 
954 
171 
14o5 
55o 
475 
ZlOO 
/IO 
88 z2oo IO! 
454 
28*8 
Z13o 
46 
/4o 
5o*4 
Z5oo 
SI z5o 
55 
Z52oo 84*? 

33*» 
4'a 
1*4 
11*o 
19+4 
46 H 
88 

25 
78 
16+o— 
' 8 
4 1 + 2 
41 
56 
+ 
* 3 
59 
+ 
+4 
69*2+ I 
119U— 1H 
112*3+ I 
89 
+ I*? 
1o+o 
29 
— 
2 8 U - 
32 U + 
21 +o 
26*8+ 
54 
— 
3+4 
33*4 + 
4 
+ 
1’o + 
11*4 
19*8. 
45+8 
88 
+ 
88 
- 
1o1 
27H + 
46 
+ 
5o*4 + 
SI 
— 
55 

H 

!*• 

I 

83+4+ I 

 ll 
394 

57*8 
38 
37 * o 
57*8 
33’ 8 
125 

48 
2243 
237 

3o*8 
4H 
4 8 *8 
28 H 
51*2 
37 H 
37 U 
57 U 
33' o 
22 125 

3o 
4 H 
4 6 *4 
77 Vt 
51 
36 
35 H 
54H 
31 
123 

86H s. 1U 
3o*8+ 
*8 
4 * o — 
1/4 
47*2+- 
28'o + 
S IH — 
3 7 H + 1*o 
3 7 '-+ I 
5 7 + 2 
3 3 + 2 
125 
+ 

*o 

13H 
3oU 
39 
TOH 
*4 1 a 
31V 
19' 7 
2o H 
443 a 
F U 
29' o 
15'o 
46 
93+? 
91*2 
28 V 
7 *4 

14 
25’ ? Nw f St W I 2o 12 
32' ? N orton 
I 8o 
17 *e Nor Sim 
6ob 
.38 H N ortS pf I 6o 
72’ ? Nucor 
36 
15'? ORC 
12o 
9 U O aklnd 
5o 12 
27 
Oak pf I 75 

P 
134 
13o x93 
8 2713 
3o7 
7 
7o8 
6 x72 
2o2 
36 

I 163*2 W3*a I63U + 

15 
O akiteP 
I 
9 is 
23*4 O cciPet I 25 1o111o4 
11*8 O ccidPet wt 
38 
O ct IP pf 2 16 
74*4 O cciP pf 3 6o 
73' 4 O cciP pf 
4 
26'v O cciP pf2 5o 
21U Ogden 
12o 

759 
19 
76 
27 
172 
156 

27*8 
13 
28*4 
37+8 
W H 
41 
31 Vt 
19'o 
WH 
37*8 
ISH 
28 U 
U H 
45' 2 
92' a 
9o+4 
274o 
29*o 

27+o 
12*e 
27U 
36’ a 
18*8 
4o 
3o 
WU 
ISH 
35 
15U 
27H 
14 
44 
87*4 
86+4 
27 
28't 

2 7 '- — 
12'8— 
77 U . 
36’ o — 
18' 8— 
4o+4 
3 3 '- + 
W '>— 
16*6— 
3 6 '-— 
15*4— 
28*o— 
14*o— 
45+3— 
9o' 
89+o— IU 
27’ • — 
H f 
28*8— 
*8 I 

44 
71 
47' ? 
54' 7 
F U 
84’ 7 
96’ 1 
1oo V 
113U 
IF 
91’ .. 
R f J 
HR 
1.32' 7 
132’ 2 
97 V 
9o 
19 U 
U U 
4?7a 
44V 
39’ ? 
16V 
TOV 
14 
16' 7 
1o'a 
27 V 
IRV 
13 
73'a 
29' ,• 
17 
79 ’a 
91' ? 
K h.1 

9’ 2 
591 ti v7„ 
IIH 
24’ a 
7o 
39’ a 
79* a 
74V 
IRV 
RT 
IAU 
RU 
15 'a 
13'a 

49',, 
I /' 7 
71'I, 
S IV 
IRV 
39 
25 
IRV 
IV' ? 
72' a 
77 V 
52V 
83 
27 V 
55 
56 
IOT1 7 
97 
1o8 
UA 
133' 7 
VT1 7 
IOO 
.37'n 
55 
76'a 
15 V 
44V 
98 
11*4 
5o’ 7 
HOV 
74H 
71’ n 
32V 
17’ ? 
17V 
U H 
77V 
78H 
79 
79 H 
41V 
19’ v 
44 V 
5o’ 7 
SI 
53’ 1 
84 
1o4’ ? 
VOV 
1o5’ 1 
SVU 
87 V 
IRV 
61 ’„ 
HU l l , 
AA1 , 
27 ‘ 4 
IFa 
27 V 
18’ 7 
7*4 
45 
39 V 
17V 
TOU 
27 
37H 
71'n 
4H 
VU 
14’ 7 
19 V 
SBH 
I ’ n 
IVV 
25’ 7 
75’ 7 
TOU 
116’ , 
29 V 
38 
16 
44 
53’ 7 
49’ 7 
A IV 
67' 7 
LIU 
17' 7 
93’ a 
U U 
32V 
IVV 
88 
TAU 
31 7 H 
46 
13*4 
U U 
94 V 
111+7 
71V 
IO' 7 
24 
TSU 
F U 
5o 
54 
Al' 7 
25'n 
B2V 
28V 
13o' 7 
94 U 
94' 7 
96 
VI 
VOV 
IHI 
A H 
4H 
3*4 
35U 
35H 
IV' 7 
3H 
78' 2 
26U 
65' » 
IU 
21V 
28V 
I V 
76 
31+8 
47 
75 
IVV 
F U 
4' 7 
24 
TH 
28 
33’ 2 
337 a 
24 
64 V 
2oH 
3H 
17V 
27 V 
F U 
IOU 
35V 
98 
AT1 2 
23H 
41*4 
3o 
78 V l l 
IVV 
2 
34U 
34 *a 
TI 
26V 
21V 
44' 7 
117 a 
39 ’ n 
69’ 2 
58 
7o 
87 
44H 
94+7 
117 a 
W H 
26 V 
TSU 
71H 
29 V 
WH 
F U 
25*4 
75*4 
14 V 
2o*o 
119 
WH 
13V 
34'a 
85 H 
49 
AH 
24 V 
4* a 
26 V 
IOU 
29 H 
21V 
19+4 
61 
27' 2 
I I H 
15 
4 

33' ? Oodn pf I 87 
18*4 Ob ic E d 
I 7o 
43’ ? Oh Ed pf 3 9(1 
49' t O bE ll pf4 4o 
51+4 Ob i d pf 4 56 
8o' , OhEd p f* 24 
V IV Oil Ed pf 8 2o 
VS1 ? O hEd pfR 64 no o h e d p i 1o is 
IU 
OhEd pf IO *6 
86*? O hPw n t8 o4 
83V OPw pf 137 MI 
83' ? OPw P IC I AO 
ITB 
O Pw p lA Lf 
177 
O Pw p tF U 
9P 2 OPw ptE 8 48 
84 
O Pw p fo 7 76 
17 
O klaG E I 48 IO 1o68 
IO’ H O klG I pf 
RO 
128o 

9 
44 
43 V 
43V a 
9 1184 
2o 
W H 
W U 
’ a 
14o 
4 5'a 
44 
44 
1+o z7?o 
53 
S IV 
51+7 
' 7 y238o 54 
STV 
54 
A 1+4 
/VO 
83 V 
HJV 
83*4 A u y77oo VSH 
93'? 
94 V a 
I ' 7 
Z44o IOO 
99 *4 
99V 
1 7 
/254o113' 1 117'? 113 a 
H 
192o HS 
113' > IU ' # 
I' 7 z6o 
88 
88 
88 
A I' 2 
Z6Wo 
87 
BSH 
17 
A I 
/SOO 
84 
83'? 
14 
*■4 
/IWO 
ITV' ? ITS 
128' ? 
I t 
Z2W 13o' ? r n 
13o a 
I , 
/26oo 
95H 
9 !' ? 
VSH a 4' 7 
Z354o 
87% 
84 
84 
2 

33 
J 
A 
439 
I 5o 
7 
279 
I 111 l l 
5o5 
72 R x88 
8 
64 
7 
57 
8 
283 
IV 
J4A 
Ax U t 
8 
253 

84 
84 

O klaN G 
(RH OI in CP 
34V O lin k rft 
IT V O m a rk 
17' ? Oneida 
13 
O pelika 
V V O ran R k I 36 
SH O range 
2ob 
23H O u tM a i 
I 4o 
16'a O utlet Co 
7o 
IOV O verb D r 
5o 
I7S* O vern itT 
I 6 
22 
Over Sh 
3ob 
7 
58 
OwenCn I TO 15 
26 V O w en ll I 
9x 12o5 79 V 
85' .. Own ll pf 4 75 
44 VI 
TO 
O x trd ln d 
76 7x 12o 
IIC 

K 

231 
SI 
369 
7o9 

F ’ a 
IOU 
35*8 
44V 
39' ? 
15V 
IVV 
I3H 
WH 
AV 
25’ a 
WV 
IT' 1 
IVV 
27H 
AV' 2 

ZU P N B 
49' 
P P I, 
7' 4 PSA 
14 
Pac AS 
72 V Pac GE 
IR' a P a d 1q 
32 
P a il in 
TSU Pa, Pet 
21 'a Pal Pvy 
F U P a il I 
16' P a l T I 
VU Pac Tin 
AH PrtineW 

47e 
2 4o 

I 24 
2 
I AR 
I SO 
8A 
I HO 
I 4o pf A 
RO 
4o 

 l * - o 

13’ 2 PaiW pf I 3o 
V1 7 P a lm Be AS 
3 V Pannda 
IT 
SH PanA m 
41V Pan F P 
7 5o 
13+b P a p rc ll 
ROD 
WH P a ri)as 
111 
42 + 2 P a ra p f? 64 
29 '„ P ark Dr 
We IO 
346 
33*4 Par Han I TO IO 
363 
25 
P a rH an w , 
2 
14’ 1 P a rkP en 
4H 
R 
57 ll 
P a lrk P I TSI 37 3736 
18' 2 P aylsnw 
SO 
8 
57 
21 
Peatxidy 
TO 14 1o17 
.ISH Penney 
I 48 IO 7375 

61 
8 
779 
9 
116 
IU 
7 3o69 
7 
378 
14x196 
8 
272 
9 
888 
9 
751 
ZUO 
9 
27 
4 
167 
33 
5x329 
13 
293 
8 19 TR 
8 
633 
8x153 
9x212 
X? 

AR' 
TOL 
SI 
SI 
97’ , 
92' , 
1o4' 

Pa Co pf 4 67 
P a P w lt I 8o 
Pa P l pf 4 4o 
Pa P l 
P a P l 
P a P l 
P a P l 
HO' ? Pa PL 
178 
P aP l 
87' ? P aP l 
95' 2 P a P l 

 pf 4 SO pf 8 AO pf M 4o pt9 24 pf l l pf 13 pf 
8 pts 7o 

8 V 
59 H 
7*4 
14’ 7 
24 
WU 
.UH l l ’ * 
72 H 
W 
77+4 
12 
7' a 
U n u 
4'a 
4 V 
48 V 
IAH 
WU 
46 V 
ISH 
39 
25 w v 
19’ ? 
I9H 
77 V 
37 V 
73'? 
27 V 
53' ? 
54 

31*o Penn w it I RO IO 
48 
Pen w l PIT 5o 
73' ; Pen w l pf I AO 
29' 2 Penn/OI I HO 
39 
P enn/ pfL33 
93 
Penn/ pf BB 
7*a P eopD ry 
2o 
7 
44V PDOpG s 3 4o 
7 
All 
PepsiCo 2 4o 13 
23 V PepsiCo w i 
16+/ Perk E lm 
37 U 
3oU R efine 
I 8o 
8 
16' ? Pet inc pf 8o 
W 
Pol Im pf I 
H H Peter Pl 
HH 
I 
67 
P e trie 
Ta U 
25 
P e trol an l l 
8 
74V Pet R e t 2 Ale 
TSH Pfizer 
96 
S IV P helpD 
17V, PhdaE I 

I 
494 
Z?7o 
Z41o 
/WO IGI 
/4oo 97 z55o 1o7 
Z43o 114 
Z44o 111 
/BO 91 z2?o IOO 
165 
167 a 

IT H 
W U 
35V t 
43*o 3 
J9V f 
14' ? 
W U 
137* 
15V 
A' a 
24' a 
17*4 f 
12' 7 + 
IRV 
26+4 + 
69 
THV 
91 
77*4 

BH 
59 
7H 
U H 
73 V 
W H 
34' a i- 
?7*» 
77' 4 
177a 
77 V n u i 
AH 
I37a 
U H + 
4 
4 +4 ♦ 
47*4 * 
16 V, f 
18’ 2 
46 
3 7 '- - 
39 
+ 
25 
IT H 
19 i 
19H * 
27' 4 * 
35*4 
73' 2 - 
77' ? 
52*4 t 
53H 
IOO1? 1oo*4 I 
95' 7 
95' 2 
1o6’ 4 1o7 
♦ 
IU 
113 
131 
9o V 

17+o 
1o V 
33H 
42*o 
38 V 
14' ? 
19' j 
13 V 
15V 
57o 
74 
17V 
12V 
W V 
25H 
67 V 
28 V 
88 V 
27V 

1*8 
SI 
7+z 
U U 
23+7 
WU 
J3W 
76*4 
22 
I7H 
77*4 
11+7 
6*8 
U H 
ITH 
3H 
4' ? 
47V 
16 
WH 
46 
37 V 
37 V 
25 
17*o 
WV 
19 V 
25 V 
35 H 
IV 7 
7?‘8 
5?' / 
53'. 

H 

1 3 4 
I' 2 
I' 7 

Ph 11 f pf3Ro 
P h llE pf4 IO 
POUF pl4 4(1 
P hil F pf 4 AH 
P hil I pf 
7 
P lniE PIR 75 

1 
54 
8 1911 
2 
478 
I 
12o 
I 
277 
865 
88 
877 
79 
3 
* 
I x 79 
14 
752 
8 
194 
84 l l 1644 
2 2o 15 1341 
I HO IO F II 

84 U Phi IF p l 7 85 
P h llE pl9 SO b sv P f,iii p i; ho 
83 
Pf,HE pf 7 75 
15H P hilaS uh 
KR 
51' 1 P b ilM o r 
P U dbl,, lh - 
P h il,rn , 
P b in + e t 
2 
P h il,Pet wi 
PM 11 Un M 
AO 
P ic k w ic k 
3? I? 
P iedN G I 44 
7 

/FO 
ZUO 
/JAO 
/TOO 
153oo 
7 36o 
Z644o 
/SOTO 1o5’ 
/JIO 87 
/31o 
7x1U 

54 
24 H 
34' ? 
44V 
97 
8 
47'? 
74V 
247 a 
F U 
31 U 
IAU 
W' ? 
14'; 
71 
TA 
27*8 
?57a 
32*o 
19' 2 
41V 
47 
49 
52 
82' I 
9/ 
HHV 

13o 
9o V 
98' 1 
36+8 
54 
24' , 
34 
43 
95 V 
7*a 
46+4 
71V 
24H 
WH 
3o H 
IAU 
W t 
13 V 
68' ? 
25 
TAH 
25 U 
31V 
19' a 
43 
47 
47 V 
51' 2 
8o 
95+4 
87 

98U 
36+x 
54 
♦ 
74 +4 f 
34 U * 
44V t 
96' 4 
1 3 4 ♦ 
47+4 — 
73 
1 
24' 1 I 
F 
I 
31+8 + 
W V 
16' 7 
H H - 
71 t 
25'a - 
27*a I 
25H 
3? 
19*o 
43'- + 
47 
49 
I 
SP 7 
RO 
95' 4 
SBL 

I ' 7 
I 

I AS VI 211? 
We 
9 
3/9 
., 
43 
IO 41o6 
28 
7 
76 
959 
44 

 l l ' i 
52 
77 
It)'. 
16V 
ISL 
AU P ie r I 
o5e 
8 x99 
35' ii P ilU b ry I W l l 
719 
31 
Pioner 
I 44 
8x6o3 
I I H P lo n e rE I 
IO 
39 
ISH P itn e yB 
8o 13 2476 
187a Pi ti F ry 
Rob 
9 
IT 
29 V P itfstn la 
8 3372 
19’ ., P izzaH t 
4o 
9 35oo 
3*8 Pl an R sc 
A 
IBI 
SU P layboy 
12 12 
277 
1oV Pl esse y lie 
9 
111 
IS7a Pneum o 
I 
5 
3o3 
J I'- P o laroid 
SO 13 4511 
A 
Pondrosa 
11 
5o8 

8 
/297o 
7235o 
/223o 
ZlOO 
9 
53 
37 

29 
667 
/9o 
715o 
/3oo 
/19o 

17V PopeTal 
BO 14 
57 
'TOH Porfet 
BOI, l l 
573 
72 
P o rfr pf 5 5o 
/ 3oo 
19 U POUGE 
I 7o 12 11o9 
IW V PorG p i l l 5o 
28 
PorG pf 2 AO 
32 
P o l Itc h 
84 1ox214 
Pofni El I TH 
9 
843 
Pot El p f 2 44 
PotEI p!4 5o 
PotEI pf4 o4 
POI El pf 5 46 
Pot El pf 5 SO 
P re m ie r 
48 
IAH P re m r pf VO 
72’ ? P rof trG 2 AO 13 2449 
9' ? P rodR sh 
4H 
8 
71 
71 
P ro le r 
I 4o 
8 
34 
17 
PSvCol 
I 46 IO 2531 
87 
PSCol pf7 IS 
72o 
24H PSCol pf2 IO 
26 
PS vc In 
2 o4 
41 'a PSInd pf3 5o 
12' .■ PSInd pf I o4 
13+8 PSInd pf I OB 
BA 
PSInd pf7 15 
1o8 
PS lnd pf9 44 
PSvNH 
I BB 
PSNH pf 2 IS 
PSv NM I AO 
PSvEG 
IVA 
PSEC p f l 4o 
PSEG pf 4 18 
PSEC- pf 4 3o 
PSEG pf5.o5 
247a PSEG pf? II 
78 
PSEG p f6 BO 
26V PSEG pf? 43 
174'- PSE of 12 25 
RH 
PSEG p ll IO 
89+4 PSEG pf / BO 
89 
PSEG pf 8 OB 
B6 
PSEG pf 7 52 
83 
PSEG pf? 4o 
1o5V PSEG p f9 62 
4+4 P u b ic.k e r 
2 * o P u e b lo 
3' 1, PR Cern 
31 
PugSPL 2 AO 
31V Pull in n 
132 
16' ? P ure* 
I OB 
2H P u ritn F a 
TOV P u ro ltr 
I 16 
21'« Q uakOat 
9? 
583o QuaO pf 
3 
1o9' 2 QuaO pt9 56 
16 
QuakSIO 
78 
27 
Quanex 
I TO 
5+4 Questor lOr 
2o3« Q uestrpfA 2 
25*o RCA 
43 
RC Apt 

BSV 
IIH 
55 V 
6*8 
IIH 
55*4 
27 V 
1o+4 
27% 
F U 
7 
36 V 
33*4 
12 V 
2o% 
25' o 
31% 
25V 
3 V 
7+a 
H U 
18% 
34*4 
7 V 
W ? 
75' o 
74 
2o*4 
;98o US 
32 
28V 
38 
IS V 

1o3'j 1o3*. 
8 6 * 4 
BA’ 2 

44 
57U 
47+4 
59 V 
AO 
13H 
F U 
76% 
12' 1 
277 a 
19*4 
82 
24 H 
77+4 
43 
12V 
13V 
86 

B5V 
11 
533 8 
SH 
11+8 
53 

 ft+o 
22% 
14+o 
AV 
35*4 
32 
U H 
18 V 
24V 
29H 
7oH 
3+8 
6*4 
12 V 
17V 
31'- 
7 V 
17V 
2JV 
74 
IVV 
IU 
VB 
36+4 
15V 
43'- 
51 
47 
58' 1 
59% 
13+8 
17 
72' J 
12*4 
77*4 
18+4 
87 
24 V 
26V 
41V 
12V 
13'- 
86 

8 5 '- 
17 
54V 
6' H 
11V , 
55 
+ 
77V t 
IO' 7 f 
72*o 
16*8 t 
A H 
35H 
32H L 
111o— 
VO'- I 
25 f 
7 9 ', ■ 
25 t 
3' ? 
7’ a L 
U+7 f 
11*o t 
3 3 
7 V 
F V 
25*o + 
74 
IVV 
IU ' 7 
THV 
37 V ♦ 
1.5' 7 
43*4 
52 t 
47 V 
58' 7- 
59+8 
13V i 
F U ♦ 
73*o 
12+o 
71 Vt - 
I V - + 
8? 
24 V 
27 
— 
42'? 
12 V 
13V I 
86 

1+8 

V 
1*4 

3*8 

IV',1 
VS' 7 
21+8 
21' 7 
16 V 
4H 
49' ? 
57 

/25oo 1o9+J 1o9' 1 1o9’'? + 
358 
2o*4 
IVV 
IV7 a 
9 
/HOO 
1o 
893 
9 1o45 
7 
Z4o 
/SOO 
ZSo 
74 
161o 
21 

29’ j i m 
75 
IAV 
5o 
51+2 
59’ j 
75+2 
81 
28 i i OO 13o tim vt1- 
Z775o 93+1 z75o 92H 
ZI5o HS U 
/125o 87 V 

78 7o 
21% 
24’ 7 
16*4 
49+8 
51' a 
59'? 
25 Va 
79 
27'? 
128 
91*4 
91 
91V aau 
87 

79* 
21' »— 
24 V 
16*7 
5o 
+ 
S IU t 
59*? - 
25*8 + 
BO 
27'/?- 
13o 
+ 
91 Va— 
91*>— 
91'? 
88*? 
87 V f z?2o 1o7 U WA' ? 1o7V i 
833 
AH 
6 * 4 
B V * 
4 '- 
3*4 
32' ? 
33*4 
17V 
3'o 
J IH 
22'o 
58+8 

 pf 

553 
4' 
8 
3*8 
8 
312 
33V 
UX I UA 34V 
9 
445 
17V 
5 
1o8 
9 
39 
8 
944 
9 
Z48o IU 
11x219 
16*4 
8 
52 
14 
3o 
4 
I 2o 12 45o4 
3 5o 
ZUO 

2*7 
+4 
I U 
I 
I 

Vo 

3* 
??' a 
24*8 
AO' 2 

Vt 

4 
65 
28 12 
466 
4o l l 3o11 
o6e 
8o 
523 
2o5 
4 
86 
9 
2 
5 
34 
7 
826 l l 2239 
6 667 

69 
RCA 
VU RTE 
14 
R a lsP u r 
3+a Ram ada 
131/4 Rancoln 
4V R apidA m 
2o 
RapA pf2.25 
78 
RapA pf 
3 
29’ a R aybst L5ob 
19 
R a ym nd 
88 
54 
Ray tim 
2 
W H Read Bal 
BO 
TH Redm an 
1oV ReeceCp 
74 
2o*4 ReevsB I 44 
WH ReicbCh 
74 
BH RellabSt 
68 
29V R elnE I 
I IO 
8o 
Ret E l pf 
3 
53 
RelEI pf I AO 
WH R ellanG p 
35 
RelGp pf 55k 
24V RelGp pf 65k 
TAH R e lln p»2 AB 
7H R e pubC p 
15V RepFlnS 
I 
1*9 R e p M ty 
3oV RepSti 
I 6o 
3o V Rep Tex LTO 
ISH P e srvO il 
2o 
ISH RevcoDS v v Revere 
36*8 Revlon 
9o 
VU R exham 
4o 
32 
R e xnrd 
144 
A! 
Rexn pf 2 5o 
48 
Rexn pf 2 36 
63V R e ynln 
3 28 
73 
Rey In pf 2 25 
36V R eyM et 12o l l W19 
81 
R eyM pf4 SO 
34 
83» ReynSe 
4oa 
8 x98 
12V RiChCo 
I 
7 
287 
197a R iCh M er 
,7o 
8x393 
19*8 R ichm nd 
I IO 
398 
F U R ie g e lT 
1 3o 
5x138 

FO 
698 
45 
I F na 
37 3 
8 x3 
558 xSO x382 
94 
9 
14o 
5 
37 
19 l l 
757 
8 
8o 
W 2957 
24 l l 5375 
25 
37o 
13 1464 
7 1176 
8x146 
3 
2 
9 2817 
17 

2o' 7 R ioG ran 
7o 
IJH R ioG r p f 8o 
IJH R deA td 
32 IO 
187« Robshw LIO l l 
J IH R obrtsn LSO 
7 
IO 
Robins 
32 
17V RochG I 28b 
IW V RochG p i l l 
M V RochTl 
I 
IOU Rockowr 
76 
JOH Rockwel 7 2o 
75V R kln t pf4 75 
41V Rohm H I 28 
5' I Rohr Ind 
16' / R o llins 
5o 
3 '. Ron son 
2o'a Roper 
9*4 Rorer 
21H R osario 
14*4 Rowan 
14*e ROyCCol 

135 
198 
516 
136 
151 

26+o 
6 
22 
31*4 
45'- 
75 
12 
14*1 
3V 
23 
7 
28 
J IH 
JOH 
24 
64'• 
19V 
3 
1oV 
22 
W 
1o+8 
35*o 
97 
A2H 
23*« 
38+* 
75% 
28*4 
1o' 2 
W - 
IV 
32 
32 V 
WH 
F U 
15 
38 H 
H U 
39 
68 V 
57 
68% 
8o 
44'» 
94 
VU 
16V 
21V 
24*o 
2o 
2 8 * o 
16*8 
U H 
24 V 
23 

4 * 4 + 
3 * 4 - 
33V F 
33H 
17*4— 
3'o. ... 
21H- 
24*1 F I 
59 
— 2 
112*7 113*7+ I 
WH 
IAU. .. 
26 
5 H ... 
22 
+ 
3o V 
44 
— 
75 
+ 
12 
+ 
14*o+ 
H 
3*7— 
*o 
22*7— 
Va 
A H ........ 
7 8 + 3 
31*8+ 
* o 
29 H — 
* 4 
24 
+ I V 
A3' ?+ f/j 
19V a I 

V 
1*7 
U 

1ox1o75 1o V 
154 
WU 
74o US 
133 
15V 

I 4o 
AO 
4ob 
12 
8o 
51V R o ylD 
3 94e 
21V R ubbrm 
48 
1oV RuSsTog 
76 
12V RyderS 
15r 

238 
717 
5 
191 
91 
9 1o34 
7 
48 
A 
TIS 
9 
852 
2 
135 
9x817 
8 
551 
A 2432 
12x138 
8 
219 
7 
629 

12V 
33 
8o*4 
48 H 
6*7 
17’ j 
3V 
26*4 
IOU 
23 H 
T IV 
WU 
59' J 
22V 
1oV 
13H, 

25 V 
5V 
22 
3o'— 
44 
74'— 
11V 
14 
3*7 
TTH 
Ava 
26'- 
3oV 
29' 2 
22*o 
62*4 
18% 
2 V 
1o*4 
21U 
17*4 
9H 
34'/* 
96 
62 
21V, 
37 
24 V 
27 V 
9% 
WU 
1+? 
JOV 
32V 
17V 
15V 
13H 
37V 
9V 
38*? 
68 
57 
65*4 
76+7 
42H 43' I— I 
91' ? 
9 1 '7— 
V 
8 V - 
1 6 *4 + 
2o V — 
24 
+■ 
19+2 + 
28 
+ 
16+8 + 
14V— 
23V— 
23 
. . . 
1oV— 
18*4- 
117 
— I 
15 V + 
Vt 
I I H — 
V 
32 V - 
V 
8 o — 2 
48 V + 
Va 
6 * 7 ........ 
W H— 
*6 
3*7+- 
*8 
26 V + 
1/4 
IO U ........ 
2 3 '7— 
V» 
2oV — 
V 
16*7+ 1*o 
59*4— 
Vt 
2 1 * 8— 
V 
1o*8— 
Vt 
IJH . 

2 V 
1oV 
21V 
17V— 
1o V + 
34H + 
96U + 
AT 
+ 
73 
+ 
3 7 't— 
24V— 
28 
+ 
978— 
W U— 
I V + 
31*6— 
32+7— 
W V + 
15V— 
14*4 — 
37 H — 
11*8+ 

68V + 
57 
AAV 
77 

Vt 

- "V t 
V 
V 
V 
*7 
I V 
Vt 
V 

I 
Va 
V 

I V 

I I H 
U H 
2o*8 
2JV 
19V 
27U 
15V 
14*4 
23*o 
22V 
1o'8 
18'— 
117 
ISH n v 
32V 
8o 
48 
6*8 
W V 
3*7 
26 
1o*o 
23 
2o+7 
1 5 *4 
58V 
21V 
1oV 
13V 

 f/4 

V 
V 

V 

*o 

C om plete n ation w ide com p osite p r i m 

A m e r i c a n s t o c k s 
K x d iiiiv e iii San Antonio 

A 
B 
C 
N E W Y O R K (A P ) 
T ra d in g fo r th e w e ek in A m e ric a n 
Stock E xcha n ge issues. 
Y e a rly 
H ig h lo w 

7 's 
5*o A 
E PIS 
13 
9 
A A R C p 
57s 
4 U AAVCOS 
9 U 
A7* A P S Inc 
1 2 'I 
1o*b A SP RO 
1*811 16 A T I 
Inc 
12 
14 
7 
P * 
T H 
9’ b 
4 U 
SMI 
16U 
I U 
IO U 
2' 4 
4 U 
9*8 

9*o A V C C p l l ’ j A V X C p 
32 
6 
Abret M f 
4ob 
I 
A c m e H m 
2’ J A c m e P r 
6' ? A c tio n 
28b 
3 '8 A cton Cp 
3 U A d a m R s 
o4e 7 
12U A dobeO il 
16 ‘ 
I ’ j A egisC p 
8’ -i A e ro F lo lie 
I ' ? A eron ca 
3 *h A ffiiC a p lOe 
7 
A tfilH s p 
24 
12U 
IO U A ff ii P ub 
56 
7 '. 
8 '4 
5 '8 
2’ 4 
6 *b 
IO 'n 
6 ' 8 
T U 
7 H 
I U 

5 U A fte rS ix 
24 
6' / A la n W d S 
3*a A la s k A ir 

■IU A lc o la c 
32e 
8 'J A lle qC p w t 
4 78 A lle g A ir l 7a AMegA w tO 
5 'b A lb a n T 
36e 
7b A lld A rt 
2o' i 
13*8 A lld T h r 
88 
3’ 8 
2 
A lp h a Ind 
7'4 
5*8 A lla m il lOe 
1+b 
78 A ltecC p 
7 16 3 16 A lte c C p w t 
6 'n 
5 '4 A ite c C rp pf 
15’ a H U A lte r Eds 
5o 
9 
5o 
A l'> A lcoa pf3 75 
12*b 
2>4 A M A X w t t 
T a A m A q ro 
8 '4 
6 '4 A m B iltrt 
75 12 
24 
161 h A m B rd w t 
8+b 
6+b A m B u s P 
28 

Sales 
(h d s.) H ig h lo w 

4 
94 
6 
5+8 
IO 
IU 
13 
H U 
6 
17 
5 
4 U 
A 
59 
7*o 
6 U 
6 
14 
H U 
11*4 
Al 
1*o 
I U 
5 
88 
IO U 
IO 
7 
14 
12*4 
12' ? 
7 
5o 
6*4 
6+8 
23 
I U 
I 
6 
24 
2 H 
2*8 
5 
16 
6*4 
6+8 
14 
198 
4*4 
4*o 
■ 7 
92 
SU 
4 U 
17 
193 
14*8 
13*o 
6 
989 
I U 
1+2 
5 
IO 
IO 
9*4 
3o 
1*4 
1+8 
4 
65 
4*4 
4*8 
7 
9 
7+o 
7*4 
7 
I 
11*o 
11*8 
5 
13 
AU 
A' 2 
83 
7+8 
A U 
5 
128 
4 1 J 
4 
1o6 
23 
2 U 
2 U 
7 
34 
S U 
4 U 
2o6 
1o*8 
9’ ? 
15 
2o4 
5U 
5 
6 
2U 
2U 
4 
6 
6 *o 
6 ' b 
164 
I U 
U 
8 
21 
17 
16+7 
7 
33 
2+e 
2*8 
5 
35 
7 
6*8 
48 
I 
7 8 

N e t 

5 
7+4 
'-a 
1 1 U + 
'-4 
1'/4......... 
IO 
- 
U 
12*a f 
'a 
6+? + 
* t 
I U + 
'n 
2 U ........ 
6 U 
Va 
4 U 
'8 
5U +- 
'<4 
144*+ l l * 
1+4 4 
I * 
9 U + 
>4 is * 
4 4*— 
U 
7+4 
111* 
6' J 
H 
7 U + 
7a 
4 ' 4 4 
'o 
2’ a 
5' a * 
Va 

5 '+ I 
2'a 
6-** < 

2' t — 
7 

>4 3 16 3 16 
5' 7 
13+a 
14 
49 
49 
2+4 
27e 
3' 4 
2U - 

7 U 
6 ' b A C o n trl 
48 
I 
A m F le tc h 
3 16 I 16 A m F ilc h w t 
9+8 
5 U A G a rP d 
34 
3’ ? A ln tP ic t 2 2o 3 
S 's 
3’ ? A ln tP ic t 
2.2o 3 
3 ' h 
2+4 A ls ra e l 
H r 
5 
1o+8 
8 
A M a i/e A 4o 
7 
IO' i 
8 
A M a iz e B 4o 
7 
5 2 'b 
47 
A m M I 
2 8oe 
5 
5+4 
4' ? A M o t Inns 
6 
37'8 
32'4 
A m P et! 2 2o 9 l l >4 
7+8 A P re c s 
28 
7 
6 
4' . A S a fE q 
4 
14*4 
■ 
* 
5*4 
12*« l l 
A m U tlS 
63e 
3’ 4 
T H A ndreR 
o7e 
9 
8 
J >4 
J 
A ngloC 
13e 
IO 1694 
8 '.. 
6' 7 An ken 
28 
5 
32 
7'-b 
5 
A n th o n y 
321 
4 
19 
A U 
5 'a A p p ld D ta 
7 
115 
6 '4 
3 
A p ld D e v 
17 
155 

65 
5 
57* 
124 
14 
76oo 
5o 
2oo 
4 
13 
3 
27 
7+e 
162 
23’ ? 
22’ J 
22U 
35 
7 
67/8 
AU 
4 
7+4 
7 
7 
32 
I l l 
9o I 16 I 16 I 16 
54 
87s 
8+4 
8*o 

57/s + 
I j 

67/s 
6 U 

23 
84 
131 
2o 
5 
136 

3+4 
3+8 
8'7 
8+4 
48 
47e 

3'7 
2+8 
8 
8 
47 
4' 7 

39*-- 
2+8 
8+e 
8 
48 
+ 
47a + 
35'7 + 
151 
36'4 
35 
55 
1o*4 
IO' 7 
IO U 
121 
5 
47a 
47b 
9 ’ 4 A m Sc i t 
o4c 21 
159 
12'4 
11+*» l l 7* 
3 >4 Am Tee 
25e 
6 
19 
5'a 
4+a 
5 
64 
1 1 78 
1 1+8 
1 1 *4 
2 U 
4*4 
6*4 
5*4 
6' j 
5 + 4 
17+b 
14'8 A qui I Ca 
37 
9 
42 
15 
5*4 
4 
A riz C L lOe 4o 
8o 
5 
7 
5*4 A r/C o l p l 48 
6 
6' 4 
7+7 
37n A rm in C p 
.12 13 
76 
4 * a 
7 + 
4 ' .1 A r r o w s 
16 
35o 
7*4 
R*4 
57b A ru n d e l 
8 
68 
8+b 

2*4 
3*a 
6+8 
5+4 
6' 8 
4*8 

5*4 
7 
7' 
7 
R * 4 
I3 U ll* - . 
1*4 
S' a 
6 

14+b 
14*4 
4'4 
4*4 
6' a 
6'4 
4' a 
4 U 

2*4 
'a 
4+4 ‘ 
*8 
6+8 
5+a 
6' / 
5 
1 a 

6 ’ a 
8+/ 
7*4 
8*7 
9+8 Ass rn e ra 
3o 13 2677 
137a 
12*4 
13 

2o 7 16 5 16 
3*8 A tla s C M ’ 
H e 12 
3o8 
4’ 7 
4'4 
57o 
13*4 
12 

9+7 Ash I OC 
2o 
'4 A skinS vc 
37a A s tre * 
15e 7 
J'8 A ta la n ta 
2oe 4 l'4 l3 16 A lc o 
In d 
'7 5 16 At iC O M tq w t 
■IU 
I . 
13*4 
9 
A tlasC p w t 
15’ / 
12'4 A ug a l 
3o 12 
26' 7 
14 U A u s tra lO 
32 2 
7 
5+» A u to T rn 
7o1 
5 ’ / 
4' 8 A u tm B ld 
6 
5+a 
3' 7 A u tm R ad 
4 
53' 4 
39 '4 A utoS w I 2o 
12 
4+a 
37a A V E M C 
2o 
5 
29'4 
21 
A vondal 
12o 8 
8*4 
6+a A yd in C p 
6 
5'4 
4 '8 B A T In d 
I * b 13 16 B R T 
3oe 
2+« 
1*4 B T U 
Enq 
35 

8 
23 
1o*4 
IO '. 
7o 
I 
4 1 a 
57a 

1 o '? - 
I 
+. 
4' 4 + 
57e a l3 1613 16 
*a 
I 16 
4*8 
13+8-1- 2 
54 
15' 8 
14*8 
15 
41 
26' 1 
24*8 
26' •? * 
2' 
63 
AU 
5 U 
S U — 
Va 
38 
4 * o 
4 H 
4*8 
34 
3*4 
3 H 
3*4 + 
U 
IO 
53' 4 
52' a 
5 2+ o- 
+8 
43 
4 U 
4 
4*8 
13 
21*4 
21*4 
21H + 
I j 
1o4 
8 U 
V 1 
7 * « - 
*o 
2 
5 
5 
5 
* 
1 ? 
34 
U 13 16 
U 
3 
?' a 
2+8 
2*8 

Y e a rly 
H ig h la w 
Sales 
N e t 
(b d *.) H ig h lo w lo s t C hg. 

14*8 
8’ b B a d q rM t 
5o IO 
6 *a 
4* h B a k e rM 
15e 
21'7 
1o7b B a ld o rE l 
24 
7+a 
6+» B a la w S 
32a 
18' 4 
16'a B a n F d I. H e 
7 
15 16 B angP un w t 
14*« 
9 '/ B a n is te r 
4o 
IO'■/ 
4*4 B an n er 
o8 
7'7 
I '7 B a rc la y 
o4 
5+a 
27a B arcoC a 
12 
3*4 
3’ b B a rn e s E 
IOU 
7H 
B a rn w l 
2oe 
5 U 
4H 
B a rry R 
16 
13+b 
IO 
B a rry W r 
44 
J U 
3 
B a rth Sp 
2o 
2 U 
H b B a rto n s 
3+8 
1*4 
B a ru c h F 
2 H 
I' / B a rw ic k 
2U 
I U 
Bel set R 
o6t 
8 H 
7 H 
B nfS tA 
24 
B U 
7 H 
B nf St B 
24 
16 5 32 Ben St M g w t 
37e 
2 
B e n ru s 
3' ? 
2 U 
Be+g 
E n! 
7*4 
4+8 B ergen B 
B rq B pf 
B ^ rn /O 
16U 
JU 
13' 4 
2 H 
I IS 

A' 1 
5 
B e r tea 
U h 
3 U 
2+8 B erven C 
o6 
5 
3 
B eth CP 
1oe 
3*4 
2*o B e v e rly E 
15 
IV > Sic Pen 
48 
5*4 
4 
B ig D a d 
9 U 
7 
B iq V S p 
3ob 

IO 
78 
13U 
12+o 
13*4 + 
I 
3U 
5 
12 
41.7 
4*o 
4 * o - 
*8 
19*8 
9 
315 
21'? 
19+1 
2 1*o + 
1+o 
2' 7 
3o 
7 
6*4 
6 *4 
+8 
41 
Al 
17+? 
17+4 
17+? + 
Va 
6*4 
87 
I U 
1*4 
1 U + 
Va 
8*4 
6 
458 ll '? 
1o*2 
11'/o 
*o 
22*4 
9 
696 
1o+7 
9 
1o*o + 
*o 
237b 
13 
I U 
1+o 
1+o u 
1*4 
9 
7 
3*o 
3+4 
3*8 
1+4 
7 
3+o 
3+o 
3+o + u 
3*4 
37 
95 
IO U 
9 H 
IO 
+ 
Va 
7+8 
6 x38 
5*o 
5*8 
5 U - 
4 
8 
9o 
13*o 
12U 
1 2 U - 
+? 
6*8 
IO 
26 
3+7 
3+2 
3' ? 
7U 
13 
1*4 
1+o 
I +o — 
*o 
4*4 
354 
3 
2+4 
3 
+ 
*4 
28' 4 
16 
1+8 
1+o 
1+o + 
*o 
12H 
5 
2 
2 
2 
2 
I2 U 
5 
19 
8+ 8 
SU 
8+ o + 
"V a 
4*o 
5 
9 
8+o 
8*4 
8+o + 
Va 
4 7a 
2 
*4 
*4 
Va 
2*o 
13 
536 
V 7 
2 'o 
2 U — '+8 
12' B 
144 
12 
3 
V t 
V >*— 
U 
9*4 
5 
1o3 
5 
4*o 
4+o— 
*8 
13 
17 
13+o 
13'4 
13*4— 
+4 
A7 8 
35 
2U 
2 U 
2+4 - 
*o 
2 U 
8 x59 
A 
5+8 
5 U + 
' 4 
13*8 
86 
3 
2*4 
2*4 
Va 
AH 
31 
5 
4 U 
5 
+ 
' 8 
H I 2 
145 
27a 
2*4 
2*4 
. 
8 U 
88 
12'a 
11+7 
12 
35 
4' 4 
4+8 
4+8 

I6 7b 
1 5'a B in k M f 
157s 
14+b B in ne yS 8ob 
9 
IO '8 
5 7r 
B 'essng 3o 

16 
8' i 
39 
16+/ 
15' 7 
16+ 4* 

H U 
7'4 
16 
5 U 
4*8 
8 
A' 7 
+2 
24U 
15 
H U 
8 *4 
*4 
9+o 
7' ? 
*4 
5 
4 
1 8 
9 ' b 
7 
12' 4 
IOU 
7a 
3o’ ? 
21' 4 
*8 
7 H 
4' / 
I 4 
11 >4 
9 - ft 

2o 27 

7 x72 
5 
12 
I 
16 
5o 

68 
15*a 
14+a 
U U 
9' ? 
9' 4 
9*8 * 
8 U 
5 
67b 

8*4 
478 
6' J 
B o w V a ll 
44 37x264 
I6 7s 
16 
3o 
5 
18 

3' 7 
? '4 
17' 7 
?U 

B ra nch 
B ra m fA r w t 
Br ase an A 
I 
B ra u n E n 
I 
B ree re Cp 
B re w e rC 
2 U B ro D a rt 
2o 
2+4 B rodyS e 
IO 
B ro oksP 
4o 
1*8 B ro w n e d w t 

2o 
5 

9*/4 
8<4 
4*8 
8+7 

9 . , 

7+8 
4+4 
8V« 

8*4 
5 
6 *4 - 
16+4- 
9' 7- 
7+» 
4+4- 
8 *8 
389 l l ' ? H ’ a 
11* J ♦ 
1 a 
75 
3o+7 28'7 3o' 7 * H a 
IO 
4*4 
4+7 4’ 7— 
*8 
61 lH /4 
1o+8 l l ' 4 4 
3+7 
3+7 + 
YU 

16'» 
13*b B rn F A 
16’ 
6o 
IO 

3*8 
6 
2'4 2*4 
21 
1o+8 1o*8 1o*8- 
23 
I U 
1+» 
1+8 
15*4 
15+Y 
1 5"?- 
6o 
IO 
128 
15*4 
15 
15+7- 

Y early 
H ig h lo w 
Sales 
(bds.) H ig h 

18 
127 
3+8 
1*4 C a stletn 
9*4 C a v itrn 
12e 15 
117 
!5 7/a 
I '? C e tlu C ft 
7 
39 
2 
38+8 C enM p f 3 5o 
74o 
4o 
5 7a Cent Sec 
5oe 
53 
6'4 
2+4 
C e n try F 
42 
267 
8>/4 
12'? C e n v ill lb 16 
141 
14"? 
74 
22+s 
13 
’ 
85 
I 
76 
8 x 14 
1785 

I '4 C e rtifC p 
*4 C e rtro n 
I '4 CetecCp 
5*8 C h a d M l 
6o 
?' ? C h a m p H o 
4+a C h a rt M d 
5 
28 
6+b C h rtM p l .75 x45 
3*8 C hem E x 
5 
19 
28'4 
237h C h iR iv I 6oa l l 
4 
C h ie f Dev 

I '? 
I 
3 
7*4 
2+8 
4+8 
7 
4+8 
25+8 
13 
6o9 l l 
38 
C h ild W ld 
7 
3 
C h ris tn a lOe 7 
117 
3 
C in e F iv e l l 
8 
1*4 C in e ra m 
2o 
33 
12'8 
1o'« C irc le K 
.7o 
8 
117 l l 
7+a 
C ita tio n 4ob 
5 
8 7a 
C ity G s F I 68 
6 
6 
C la rm n t 
2+1 
C la rk e lOe 
6 
9 1 s 
C la rk s o n 2o 
7 
3 '. 
C la ro s ta t 
4 

9+8 
3+8 
3*4 
2*8 

I i C iopay 
19 '8 l l ' / Coat hm 
I 
Cohen H a t 

IO 
7*4 
13 
11+e 
34 
6*a 
7 
2+8 
19 
12'4 
24 
5*8 
39 
14'4 
79 
7+s 
378 
13 
8 
1+7 
5 
2+8 

V , 
3 H 
B u e b le r 
4 
7 
3 7o 
3 U 
3 7'a— 
+o 
9+8 
H U 
IV / 
B ue ll Ind 
4ob 
4 
IO 
U U 
IV ? 
11+o 
I ? 
4 
3 H 
B u ild e x 
5 
4 
3*4 
3+8 
3*4 + 
' 8 
1*4 
3*4 
2+8 
B u rg e s s l l 
1o1 
3 U 
2U 
3 U + 
Va 
17*8 
15U 
13 
B u rin q 
I IO 
6 
27 
13H 
13 
13' 2 + 
' 8 
15+b l l 
SH 
B u rn s ln 
AO 
IO 
125 
8 U 
8+o 
8*4— 
*8 
V 7 
15+8 
9 7h B u lle r In 
5o 
6 
45o 
15+o 
13' 4 
15+8 + 
2 U 
4+4 
4o 
21+b CK Pet 
7oe 
31 
656 
4o 
37*4 
39' a + 
1’ b 
19 
4'.1 
I <4 C D IC p 
23 
2o 
3 U 
3+o 
I U * 
*8 
16H 
7 U 
5' ? CH B F d 
8 
7 
6 
S U 
6 
127 a 
IOU 
6 
CHC Cp 
24r 
16 
3o2 
1o*4 
IO 
1o+4 + 
' 4 
33'4 
3 16 3 32 C iM tq w t 
33 
' a 3 32 3 32 
2 U 
4 
27n C M i Cb 
9 
768 
4 
3 
3*4 + 
’ +8 
2+4 
2' 7 
Ha 
C M T In d 
I 
2 U 
2+4 
2 U 
9 16 
8''8 
6 ’ m C RSDes 
2o 
4 
33 
7*4 
7 H 
V t — 
' 8 
22U 
13U 
IO1 / CSECp 
64 
5 
16 
12H 
12*8 
12'4— 
' 7 
SU 
4 >8 
3U 
C aoleA 
15 
4 
2 
3H 
3*o 
3+7 + 
' 8 
IU 

2 
3'4 
V a C o hu ln c 
12t 13 
IB' a 
15'4 C olem n 
68 
8 273 
17*8 
5+8 
3’ 1 C o io nC m l 
194 
5+8 
8'4 
6' / C o lw e llC 
4o 
5 
88 
7+4 
37 
33'? 
C om m co 
2 l l 
I 
33+7 
7'4 
1*4 
Com G rp 
14 
2o 
2' e 
1 3 '/ 
9' ? Com A l I 
3oa 
8 
136 
H U 
13'8 
1o+« 
Com M il 6ob 29 
21 
1o+8 
7*4 
4' i Com d In t 
6 328 
7*4 
13' ? 
9 ’ M C oP syc 
3o 
8 244 
13*7 
19+4 
18'n C om P S I 62 
7 
24 
19 
4+a C o m p a c 
8 
326 
15 
5 
C o m p o ln 
32 18 
121 
14+8 
I ' / C o m p uD 
7 
I 
C o m p ln s t 
9+8 C o nch o l 
SO 5 
4*8 C o n c rd F 
9 '8 Condec 
3+8 C o n n lly C 
24 
13+8 
1o+8 C o nrock 
6o 
7 
4*4 
4 
C o nroy 
14 6 
9 *4 Con SOG 
7 U Con sR et 
78 C o n t M f I 

15 
17 
27h 
I 7 8 
1o+4 
6*8 
12+7 
4U 

12 

14 'n 
11*4 C a ld or 
25 
8 
87 
137a 
13'7 
13+8— 
5 
S' a 
18 
8'4 
315 16 3 
5*8 
6 ' 8 
8 
9' 4 
2o' ? 
41 16 
14*4 
16*8 
13 
43 
? ' 4 
3+8 
3*4 
5*4 

2’ z C a lc o m p 
82 
27b 
3 '« 
C a ll tie 
5 
5 
3*8 
15’ o 
C a iP rtC 
I 8 
6 
C a m e o 
68 
7 
Ca C • bA 
8437 16 
Cd 
’ I " 
7 
4*4 
5 
C d -1- "O o5o 
7 
IO 
5*4 
5' ? 
CdbH(,..nO 
16 
172 
6'4 
7'a 
C d n H yo r 
25 IO 
125 
9'a 

2*4 
3*. 
2 +e— 
3*4. 
44 
I6*a 
16+7 
16+8+ 
6+7 
6+8 + 
3*435 16 
41 7 
4>7 — 
5+8 
5+8 + 
5+8 
5+8 
8+s 
9 
+ 
'a 
19+a 
197,a + 
+4 
3*e37 16 
14 
— 
*4 
13 
— I 

1+4 Cont Tel w t l l 
C o o k ln d 
2oe 
12+a C o okP V 
1oi 
15 
5 
C oop Ja r 
1oe 
4 
2*4 C o rd o n 
15’ n C o re L b 
2oe 
8 l l n C orenco 
8o 
7 l l ’ 8 C o rn e liu s 
48 
9 
26+b C o rr B lk I 4o 11 
? 
C o s c o ln c 
2 'a C o t!Cp 
'4 C o ttC o rp w t 
16' 
CoxCC 
19 
C b C ra m rE 
I3t 49 

35 
2*8 
3 
I 
36 
IO 
121 
5*4 
4 
183 
11+8 
12 
4 
38 
12+a 
15 
4 *4 
18 
342 
11*4 
6o IO 
38 8*4 
113 165 
26 
1*5 
I ' ! 

I ' 4 C re s l Fo 
IO 
1 9'/ 
*3*4 C rom ipt 
Ie 
6 

133 
13+8 
34 
13+8 
23 
5' 7 
132 
3 
16 
167a 
17 
16'a 
8 
11+8 
95 
32*4 
7 
2*4 
15 
2'4 
27 5 16 
45 
22 
81 
4*8 l l , 
I +2 l l 
14 
4 
38*4 
5 
7'a 
47 
27+a 
31 
5+? 

7 

16 >8 C d ln f+ A 
/s i 
9 
3o1 
2o 
3+4 C d n M a rc 
2o l l 
33 
3 + ? 
12'? C d n M e r r l l 
5 14 * a 
14 
C dnO cci 
54 6 
19 14+b 
13 
37+r C d n S u p O 
8 
1*1 43 
41*4 
4 1 * 4 - I 
I 
C a p e tia n 
24 
I '? 
1+4 
1+8— 
'a 
2'8 C a p itl RS 
6 
8 2+4 
2' e 
2+4 
2*4 C a p i'lF d 
2o A 
63 3*4 
3'? 
3*4-1- 
'4 
3+a C aressa 
3o l l 
36 J 
3+8 
3+e— 
'/4 
78'a 
66 
C a rn a l 
1 
8o 12 
325 69*4 
67*a 
69+4+ 17b 
U * b 
13's C a ro P ip l lb 8 
6 13+8 
13'a 
13*8-* 
*4 
67'.• 
57 
C a ro P L p f 
5 
/IOC 62 
61 
61+4+ 
>4 
4 
C a rro l D v 
24 4*4 
4 
4 
— 
*4 
16 
C a s tle A M 
I 7 l l 16 
16 
16 
5*4 
17' j 
18*a 
17'a C asFd I 7oa 
29 
17+a 
17+7 
17*4 + 
*. 

4o 
35'4 C ro s AT I 2o l l 
7 U 
6 '» C ro w 'M .5o 
3-1'4 
25'-. Cw nC P * 6or 
5 
6 '4 
4 U C r o w n e r 
5 
5+a 
4 ? C row n In 
2o 
9 x11 
5*8 
157h l l 
C ru tc R 
36 36 
194 
12'4 
16'n 
12*e C ry s tlO 
4oe 15 
444 
16*8 
14s8 
1o+ Cubic Cp 
4o 
8 
143 
14 ’ b 
14*4 
12 + a C u rtic e B 
8o 6 
65 
14*8 
5*8 
4'4 C u rtis M 15e 
4 
IO 
4+8 

D 
E 
F 
14 
52 
1*8 
491 
4 232 
4 
I 
24 
225 
18b 
9 lOe 
6 
2oe 24 
35o 
IO' ? lOe 
3 
15 
36 
7 43 
14+b 
17 
2o8 
8+8 
54 
9 x 24 

 lo w 

3+o 
14*4 
I '/is 
4o 
6 
7+8 
15+8 
22+7 
1+8 
1 
2+4 
7 
2*? 
4 *8 
6*8 
4+7 
2 5 '8 
1o*8 
9+? 
3*7 
3 
2+8 
1o+4 
7+8 
11+8 
6 
2+8 
11+4 
5*8 
14 
7+8 
11 >7 
1*7 
2+4 
16+4 
4+4 
6+4 
33*7 
2 
1 1 '7 
1o*8 
7*4 
12+4 
18*7 
13+8 
12*7 
2*4 
I 
9+4 
5 
1o+8 
4 
12+4 
4 
1o+8 
8*8 
I '8 
1+8 
12*7 
12*8 
5 
2+4 
16' 7 
16 
11+8 
32+? 
2*8 
2*8 
*4 
21*8 
3 U 
1*4 
13+4 
377/« 
7 
27 
5*8 
5+8 
11*8 
14*8 
13*8 
13' ? 
4*4 

— 
'/ll 

'-8 

'8 

N e t la s t C hg. 

3>/8 
15+8 
2 
4o 
6 
8 
16*8 
2 2+ 4+ 
Va 
1*8 
1 
2 + 8 - 
7 
— 
2+ 8 
4 + 8 - 
6+4 
4+8. 
2 5 * 8 - 
11 
+ 
9 * 4 - 
3 '7 + 
Mi 
3 
2*4 + 
* 8 l l 
+ 
7+8 + 
11+8— 
*7 
6 
2+8— 
*8 
11+4 
5*8 
14 
7+8+ 
*8 
1 1 * 7 - 1*7 
1*7 
2*4 
16+4 
5 
7 
33*7— 1*8 
2 
11+8 
' 8 
1o*7 
7*4— 
+» 
13+8+ 
'? 
18*7— 
*4 
13+8 . 
14*o— 
2*4 — 
I 
— 
'8 
IO 
5+4 + 
+4 
1 1 *7 + I 
4 
+ 
12+4 + 
4*4 + 
*4 
1o+8 
8+4+ 
+8 
1*8 
I *7 + 
' 
13*8+ 
' 
13*8+ 
I 
5 
- 
* 
3 
16*4 - 
' 
16 
— 
1 
11+8. ... 
32'? . 
2 ' 8 
2 * 8— 
' 
5 16 
2 1 +o + 
* 
4+8 + 
' 
117 + 
I, 
1 3 * 8 - 
' 
37*8— 
+8 
7 
27+8 + 
5*4 + 
5+8 + 
11+4— 
*4 
1 6 *4 + 
*8 
14*8 + 
14+8*- 1*8 
4*4— 
' 

6 
3'? 
9' / 
28 
13’ e 
11*8 
7*8 
I'? 
15'4 
8 'b 
7’ h 

13 16 D C L 
37b DW G 
2*e D am onC 
6 H D am son 
7o*8 D a niel 
9 's D a ta p d 
7 's D a y M in 
7'4 D e J u rA 
I 
DeRose 
14 
Del L ab s 
7 '4 D e lb iO il 
6 '4 D e llw d F 

4*8 
2+4 
8 
219 
24'8 
678 
1o+4 
1o'7 
7>? 
1*8 

7+4 

1+8 
1*7 + 
4*7 
4*7. 
2+4 
2 +4 + 
*8 
7+8 
7*8 + 
21+8 
23*»- 
9*8 
IO'7 + 
8*8 
9+4 + 
7 '7 
7 *7.. 
I 
I 
141/4 
14' 7— 
7+4 
8 
6*8 
7 
— 

("om ptota nation wide* <*ovnposho p r ills 

N e w 
Y o r k s s 
C e e k s 
Ex<*liisivi* in Sa ii Antonio 

Y e a rly 

C o n t i n u e d f r o m P a g e 1 31 ) 

S -— T — I 
Sales 
N et 
(h d s.) H ig h lo w 
Lost Chg 

Y ea rly 
H ig h lo w 
Sales 
(hds.) H ig h lo w 

I 
2U 
SCA Svc 
15 1558 
3 H 
3 
3*8+- 
*8 
V7U 
19 H SCMCp 
8o 
6 
485 
22’ 8 
21*8 
2 IU ‘ 
*4 
IS’ / 
13*4 SOSCon 
SO 
6 
57 
14' 2 
13*4 
137'8— 
*8 
29 
24 
Sabine 
.5o 
IO 
176 
27 
26 
26' 7 - 
*8 
AU 
H« S a fg d ln 
o9c 
8 
263 
5*4 
5*4 
5*7 + 
+4 
SOU 
44 ' 4 S afew ay 
2 2o l l 
926 
47H 
467 a 
47 
- 
*4 
13’ n 
9' ? SagaCp 
St J o M in 
36 
6x25o 
1o*4 
IO U 
1 o * 4 - u 
14’ ? 
36’ 
I 3o 13 
739 
41U 
3 9 * b 
39' ? 
V 2 
14' H 
12’ . S 'J o L tP 
I 12 
9 
7o1 
13+4 
12+8 
13 
+ 
*8 
47' ; 
41 
S tLS aF 
2 5o 
9 
225 
47' ? 
44* 4 
46' 7 + 
1*4 
13'.• 
H U 
S tP aulS 
Ie 
156 
12H 
12*b 
12*4 + 
' a 
38 U 
32'4 
S 'R e gP 
I 64 
IO 
839 
36’ 2 
35'? 
36U + 
+8 
7'4 
A' 1 SaIant 
32 
5 
HO 
7+8 
7U 
7*4 
I7 U 
13'1. S am bos 
48 
8 272o 
13H 
13' a 
13' 7— 
*o 
15 U 
13 
S D ieG E 
I 2o 
8 
497 
U U 
13U 
14 
— 
' o 
9*8 
7*4 SJuanR 
99t 
7 
19 
8*8 
8 
8 
- 
*o 
13 
9 's 
S a n d e rs 
615 
12*4 
11+8 
12*8 + 
*8 
J I H 
35H 
S F elnd 
2 
8 
179o 
41 
4o 
4o' 7 - 
*8 
H U 
V '4 
S F elnd p f 5o 
57 
11*8 l l 
11*8 + 
I 4 
54' / 
42' . 
S a n F e ln t 
3o 
9 3356 
54' ? 
49H 
5o 
2 
16 H 
13’ 8 S arqtW el 
6o 
8 x22 
15U 
14*4 
15U + 
' 7 
1*8 
3*8 S au lR E 
119 
3*4 
3*8 
3+b 
U 
3 7b 
V ! 
2H S avA S tp 
6 
S avO nD r 
2o 
27 
7 
257 
144 
3 
AU 
2 H 
6 
3 
A U — 
' 8 
IV ll 
9 's S avE IP 
8o 
6 
74 
IO 
9>4 
1o 

S CO AIn 
8o 
5 

I5 * h 
14’ a S avn E A I 34 
13’ « 
13 
SavEI p f l 28 
33 
27’ ti 
18' 4 S avB M 
.3o 11 2o14 
5'4 
3 '4 S axon 
8 
472 
87e 
S 'a S chaefer 
4 
19o 
4.1 >4 
3114 S ch rP lo I 
I? l l 3635 
18' , 
177b S c h lit/Br 
68 
9 1185 
65 U l l >4 
6 ’ h 
28 
25'4 
2o U 
9 ’ a 
23’ 
56 
B 
9' ? 
3 4 ‘ 1, 
39 ' b 
37a 
24 
V a 
17' j 
13*4 
69' 4 
17' ? 
39 >i 
19' 4 

6 
14'? 
14*a 
14*a 

5*« Scot L a d 
36 27 
288 
74*8 Scot F et 
I 2o 9x26o 
27 
21' j Scott For 
84 8x191 
16’ b Scott Pap 
76 9 675 
8 
S cottys 
2o l l 163 
2o 
S covill 
I 2o 8x 974 
49*4 Scovil pf2 5o x5 
6 *4 S c u d d e r 
13 
199 
8 ’ b Scudd p f 83e 
24'a SeaCont 
25 8 
33 
SeabCL 
2 6 
2*4 SeabW A 
22t 5 
197 8 S eagram 
8o 7 
7'8 S eagrv 
16e 6 
14*8 S ealP w 
8o 7 ll 
S earleG 
52 IO 2269 l l 7e 
11* b 
11*8 
54 
Sears 
1.8oa 
13 3277 59*8 
57'4 
57*4— 1+b 
7*4 S ea tra in 
13 61o 12 
11+b 
12 
277 ti Sedco I ne 
3o 8 
744 39’ 4 
37*4 
37*4— 

13' 7 
13U 
I3U + 
' a 
27U 
23*4 
26U - 
2U 
4 
3*4 
4 
+ 
1 a 
8' 7 
7*8 
7 * 8 - 
’ a 
33*8 
32U 
33 
* 
14 
147 e 
13*4 
U U + 
7b 
64*4 
63' a 
64 
+ 
' a 
14*8 
14 
14*o— 
' 8 
5 H 
5*8 
5*4— 
' a 
27 
26*8 
26U + 
*8 
22+b 
22' o 
22* b + 
Ag 
17+8 
17 
17*4 
97e 
9 H 
91 j__ 
+ 8 
21+8 
2o7a 
2V 2 + 
*4 
5o*4 
5oH 
5o*7— 
*8 
7 
6 7 8 
67b 
9 U 
87a 
9 
— 
' 8 
34' 8 
32' 4 
34 
+ 
*o 
117 
539 
_ 
_ „ . _ 
736 
38 4 37’ 8 
37*4 + 
341 
37s 
3+b 
3*4 
375 
21'a 197s 
19*8 - I 
8 7a 
9*4 + 
' 
157b 
15*o* 
’ 
44 
9*8 
49 
16' 

15*8 S e lg L t/ 1.2ob 6 
7 'j 
47b Svc Cp In t 
2o 5 
19'4 
15'8 S e rv m t 
9o 6 
IT ? 
8' S hakspre 
4o 
6 
2o' b 
16* b S hapell 
IO 
5 
9 4 
6*8 Shear H ,22e 
3 

28 
63 
HO 
177a 
167a 
17' 4 

1678 
16+8 
167s + 
*8 
6' 4— 
'4 

49 
8+a 
8+4— 
8o3 
2o’ s 
187s 
2o' b + 
1 'b 

8o 
183 
7 * b 
34 
S h e llO il 
3 2o 
7 1197 
69* b 
34 
3 4 78 
33*8 S h e llO il w i 
18 
31 
S h e llT 
,93e 
I H h S h e llrG l 
6oa 
18' 4 Sh 11 GI p f l 35 
17 
S hH G i p l I 4o 
13 
S h itG I p f 
3 

7 '/ 
67' ; 
53 
347 8 33+8 
33*4— 
7n 
55 
38*8 37 
37 
324 
13' 4 l b s 
1 3 *4 + I ' 8 
12 
2o' 4 19' 4 
2o* 4 + I '4 
43 
1 8'a 1 7 '? 
1 7 + *+ 
’n 
3 
46 
43 
46 
+ 3 
3 3 'j S h e rw W 
2 2o 23 
132 34 
3 3 ' 4 
33*4— 
+8 
6o 
S h rW p f 
4 4o y73o 
61+4 
6 o*4 
6 1 * ? + 
+8 
12 
S ie rrP a c 
I 
7 
192 13 
12*4 
12+8 
3o*8 
24 
S ig n a l 
I IO 
8 
1o52 297e 
29+a 
29+e 
29 
? 3'4 S iq n a l p f 
I 
63 28*? 
27*4 
28+a— 
*4 
69 
53*4 S ig n a l p f? 2o 
65 68 
66+s 
6 6*8 - 
’ ? 
JO 
3 6 ’ h S ig n o d e 1 2o 
IO 
175 38*4 
37 
37 
— H a 
7*a 
5 7h S im P re c 
18 8 . 
. 65 6 ’ b 
6 
6’ a - 
'a 
19 b 
16' r Si m m 
112 
15x112 
17' 7 
17*8 
17* a l l 
S im p P a t 
5o l l 
779 12U l l * ? 
11+B-- 
*4 
1 9 '. S in g e r lOe 
7 
113o 23’ e 
2 2 'a 
2 2 + 8 + 
H 
4 3 U S in g r p f 3 5o 
39 4 4 '? 
437a 
44*? + 
17'4 S k a g g s 
5o 81 
139 19*4 
19 
1 o '? S k iiC p l l 3912 

16*8 
23' a 
•IS 
2 3 'a 
16 
19' 4 
13' 4 S k y lin e 
32 15 
6o5 
14*8 13*4 
13*4— 
17*8 
14' 4 S m ith A O 
8o 
5 
219 
1 6'? !4 * a 
16*8 
31*8 S m ith ln t 
7 ? 
9 x8 9 2 
337b 32 

16 
14’ a 
19’ 7 + 
14*4 

JO 
79*8 
7o' 
3 2 '? + 
1+8 

S m itk ln 
2 2o 15 
562 
747b 
73>4 
7 4 *4 + I '? 
2 
37*4 
37 
5 
14 
17 '8 
167e 1678 
7 x ! 2 
19’ e 
18+e 
19 

9+8 

3 7 ' 4 
37 
S m ith k in w i 
2o*8 
167m S m ith T r 
6o 
I9 7« 
17 
S m u c k e r 
9o 
18 
11*4 Sol a B a s 
6o l l 
713 
18 
6 '4 
? 7r S o n e sta 
7 
77 
5 * B 
1o*8 
8 ' b S o n y C p 
o7e 1623396 
J7 
37 
S o o L in 
3e 
19*8 
18' 4 S C a rE G I 56 
3? 
2 8 '? S C H G p f2 5o 
17' ? S o J e rln 
I 56 
8 
13 
S o u td w n 
6o 
26 
S d w n p f I 8o 
9+8 S o e s tB k 
4ob 

37+4 

17+8 
17*4 + 
4*4 
4+4— 

19' 4 
16 7 
29 
12>4 
9 7a 
25' / 
17' 4 
2o*8 
68' / 
4o '4 
5o’ 4 
37 
67*4 
6'n 
38*8 
7 7 * b 
21 
17 
36 
26 'a 
IO1 j 
2 7 '4 
15’ / 
14'a 
13*6 
18' ? 
39 

8+8 
9 
— 
+4 
6 
49 47 
4 4 '? 
4 6 * 4 - 
2 ' 4 
9 
465 19' 4 
187e 
187s— 
+B 
3 29’ ? 
29' 1 
29' ? + 
*« 
13 18'4 
18 
18' 4 + 
'a x2 3 5 
16’ ? 
14*8 
1 6 '? + 1+7 
42 29 
78+ i 
29 
+ 
*8 
264 
1o*4 
1o*8 
1 o *8 + 
*8 
8+8 
8 *8 + 
+8 
7 
S o e s tP S 1.37t 
8 
19 
8 7e 
71 h S o C a lE 
7 
6 7367 
2 5 '? 
24 +b 2 5 'b + 
15*8 S o u th C o I 46 
9 3353 
16' 1 
1 6 'a 1 6'4 + 
18 
, S o ln G E I 32 
7 
65 
187e 
1 8 '? 18' 
184 
517a 
5o 
51*8— 
+? 
58 
377s 
37*8 377b ........... 
7o 
48*8 
4 8*? 48+8— 
*8 
736 
35+8 
35*8 35*4 
. . . 
58 
56+4 5 7 *4 + 
+? 
6 * 4 
6 *e 
6 ’ ? + 
*8 
77 
34*4 
34 
3 4 *8 + v * 
6o 
IO 441 
22+8 
2 I+ * 
22 
+ 
*4 
68 
18 324 
4 2 '4 
39+8 417b + 
2+4 
81 
2 3 '? 
2 3 '4 
2 3 '? 

13'7? 
1 3 *4 + 
13*8 
14 
+ 
48 
12'8 11*8 
1 1 + 8 - 
75 
1 8 'e 17+8 
18*1 + 

5o 
SoN Res 185 
7 
36 a S oN ETei 
3 
9 
18 
SONE pf3 82 
3 2 *8 Sou Pac 
2 24 
8 
55 
SOUR. 
7 6o 9x624 
6'4 SouR v pf 
5o x 136 
3 o 'v SoUnCo 1.92 13 
S outlnd 
SouRoyl 
2 o '. S w tBksh 
I 
8 
S w stF or 
2o 8x158 
87 b 
8 *? 
8+4 
TO' B S w tFI P II 5o 
25 21'4 
21 
21*4+ 
13'.; SwPbSv 
I IO 
9x1o1o 14 
11*8 S p rtn F d 
28 
6 14o 14 
97s Sparton 
.4o 
7 
!5*« S p e rry H 
I 
7 
36 
S p rry M p f 
3 
3 38*4 
38*4 
38*4 
43 b 
3 3 '/ S p e rry R 
92 
8 2o66 367 b 
35*4 
36*4+ *4 
14*h 
127a S pring M 
9o 
8 
41 14 
13+8 
137'e+ ’ s 
29*8 
74 
S quarD 1 2o 14 
589 29'4 
27+8 
27+*— 7'e 
24*8 Squibb 
96 
1o 151o 251 e 
24*e 
2414— *? 
18'. Staley 
I 
7 
275 19*4 
19'a 
1964— '4 
St Poor 192a 
142 24*8 
237e 23*8— Va 
St B rand 1 28 
11x1158 26'4 25*a 
25'?— 
'a 
52' i 
47' ? 
S tdB r pf 3 5o 
7?o 47+8 
47+8 
47+8+ 
' a 
4 ? '4 
3o*b 
S iB P a in t 
48 16 
87 34'4 
32+8 33'/4— 
+8 
12 
9 'b S ld M o tA 
4o 6 x 8o ll* ? 
1o778 
1o7/ e - 
*8 
43*4 
38-'a 
StdO ilC I 2 4o 6 3943 42*4 
4o*? 
42 
+ 
77s 
59*8 
49*4 S to il Ind 2 6o 8 241o 527 s 
52*4 52*? 
89 '4 
7 3 '/ StO ilO h 1 36 26 14o7 89*4 
87' a 
89«,4+ 1*4 
62 
5o*4 SOOh p<3.75 z 2o 
61'? A l'? 
61+7.......... 
8*8 
7 
Std Press 
4o 
14 
168 8 
7'/? 
7Va~ 
'a 
7*8 
A 's S td P ru d 
66 l l 
86 6**8 
6+8 
67*8+ 
V« 
17'? 
15*4 S ta n d e x 85 6 x47 
17 16 
17 
+ 
+4 

3o 
22 
24*4 
23 

3 1 'a 
25 

35' ? 
28*4 S ta n W 
1.12 IO 
136 
35 
34*4 
34*4— 
7/s 
24 22*6 
21'? 
21+8— I 
189 12+a lH /8 
11?%— 
43 
9*4 
43*8 + 
9*4- 
357 
45 
35 
9'/? 
7o 
1ox2o49 14*? 
13*4 137'e— 
.14 
6 
181 
S' a 
47b 
5 
154 
1o+8 
1o*8 IO* 

24*8 
2 1 '/ S te rre tt I 
12 8 
13 
11+b StaM Se I o5 
497a 
4o*4 S taufC h I 
8o 8 
9+8 
7*8 S te rc h i .56 
7 
17 
13*4 S te rlD g 
6*b 
4 '7 S te rlP re i r a 
9*4 s te rn d n t 
4o 
)9 7b 
16' 4 Steven J I 2o 5 
1236 17*a 
16+8 
17 
- 
*b 
37*8 
33'4 S tew W a 196 
8 
45 35'? 
34+8 3 5 '? + l's 
23+s 
2o’ 8 S tokV C 
I 2o 
14 1o3 
21+8 2o+b 2o+8— +8 
1 3 '/ 
11*4 
S tokV C p f I . z lllO 
12 
11+8 
117'e- e 
62+4 
53*4 
SfoneW 
2 5o 
8 214 
62+4 6 o's 62>4+ I'? 
15*8 
12* / StonCon 
AO 7 
23 13*? 
13'8 
13*8— ’ ? 
16' 7 /1 5 * 4 
S topShop 
I 
5 46 lS ’/ i 15'/i 15*3+ *s 
12'? 
9 7b 
S torT ec 
67f 6 
2o8 1o+4 
IO 'e 
IO '*— +b 
217a S to re rB 
I 
8 
315 23+4 
21+8 
22'4— I'4 
12*8 S trid R ite .92 
7 
46 
38*4 S tuW or 
I 68 
5 122o 49 
4 3 '. StuW p f I 4o 
88 
S tuW p f 
5 

' 28' 
15' 
4V 
55 
1o9 
5 
3 '/ 
SuavSho 
.2o 4 
247a 
19' ? S u b P rG 12o 7 
1o*4 
8 '8 SuC rest 
5o 4 

14+8 
14+s 
14+8 + 
45*4 
49 
+ 3+8 
41 
55 51+4 
55 
+ 3+4 
28 
1o9 1o5 
1o9 
+ 5 
81 
37-s 
3+S 
3+8— Vs 
88 
21V? 2o+8 
2o+»— *4 
81 
9+8 
9+8 
9 + / - ’ a 

49 
61 
25 
41' a 
57 
16' 8 
2.1 <4 
258 
8 ’ ? 
19' i 
22 'a 
7+8 
19' » 
19*8 
41' 4 
1 4'4 
6 H 
1o*4 
39 
B9 
BO 
3 37 8 
6 'n 
IO' 7 
13' B 
2 o '4 
4 2 ’ a 
16 
12' ? 
43 >4 
9 7a 
13 
31 ‘ 8 
67b 
7o 
1o3 
9 's 
3 ‘ r 
3 7 ’ .1 
I3B 
17’ ? 
31 
3o 
3 9 '4 
42 
2 8 '4 
317 a 
49 
■19 
16' a 
IO? '4 ll+ s 
33 
4o 
22 
317» 
55' 4 
5*8 
29 
3 4 'a 
26 
237s 
4o*8 
12 ' 4 
18' ? 
9 7b 
?2'b 
23+8 
13'? 
3 8 '4 
23 
547s 
18' 4 
1o78 
17 *8 
26 
26'4 
12’ 4 
7*e 
137b 
37 *4 
39'a 
12' / 
22' a 
15' 4 
111 
24’ 4 
2o 
I l 7a 
74' ? 
1o7 
99' ? 
28' ? 
13' ? 
24*8 
37 
43 
22*8 
33'? 
1*4 
IO1 ? 
19*4 
267b 
31’ a 
15*8 
12*8 
18* ? 
24'? 
2 4 ' 4 
27' ? 
26'? 
2 o 'b 
31' ? 
1 5 '? 
2 -« 
17*4 
39 
67'? 
22*4 
13*8 
33*4 
56 
137 a 
66+8 
62*8 
53*4 
9 
7+4 
16’ a 
42 
47 
53 
76+4 
31 
93 
7 
5 9 '4 
76+8 
58* 7 
2o*8 
IO' 8 
89' ? 
IO’ a 
147s 
11' a 
3o ? 
1 6 '8 
14*8 
27+8 
2 5 '4 
29' 4 
19 
6 
137s 
13'8 
44*8 
4+8 
14 + 8 
18'8 
39+8 
26*8 

4o'4 Sun Co 
2 
417 a SunCo pf 2 25 
19' ? S unbm 
I o8 
33’ a S un d str I 2o 
48 
Sunds pf 3 5o l l 
S unsM q 
U r 88 
21’ a S up e rV al 
66 IO 
18o 
S u p rO il 
I 8o 15 
6+4 S up m kG 
3o 
6 
17' ? Supm p f I 3o 

377 
259 

14 

42+4 
44'4 
21*8 
38'7 
56 
14+8 
237b 

167o S uprscp 
5oe 
6x162 
A1 a SU fro M f lOe 74 

6 
582 44 
323 
457-e 
9 1237 
22 
9 1oo7 
39+4 
2 
56 
15*4 
24+8 
1o3 188+4 182' 
871 
8+8 
7+8 
18'? 
19 
1o7 
67e 
I5*« Swank la 
6 2oo 
!67e 
I6*b S y b ro n 
96 8x279 
18' 4 
37 
S ybrn p f2 4o 
4 
39' a 
8’ e S ycor 
7 
135 
9*4 
S '.-S y s tro n 
88 
6+4 
8 
T R E C p 
12 
16o 
B 'a 
341 4 T R W in I AO 9x 1282 38'? 
81 
T R W p t4 4o x IO 86*4 
737b T R W p f4 5o x72 8o 
26+4 T a ftB rd 
I 
8 x 29 28 
4 
T a lc o tt 
17 
63 
41 a 
B b T a lle y 
7o 
5 411 
9'? l l ' ? T a lle y p f 
I 
94 
12U 
17+b T a m p E l I 12 
IO 327 
18+b 
26*r T a n d y 
7 
1431 3o‘ ? 
H U 
T a n d y c ft 
6 
165 12*4 
9 *h T appan 
24 
9 227 
1o's 
3 2 '/ T e c h n ic r 
4o 8x367 
36'a 
5'a T e c h n ic s 
4o 19 
713 
97a 
9 
T e c h n ic n 
9 
196 
1o+4 
28'4 T e k trn x n 3o 15 
412 
31*b 
1+4 T e le c o r 
3o 
4 
119 
6+e 
53*8 Tetedn lu s t 
6 2175 
69*4 
92 
T e le d y n pf 6 
5 1o3 
AU T e lp rm t 
4o 1217 
7*4 
2'4 T e le x 
IO 
3o2 
T i 
3 1'? T e n n c o l 88 8x2165 347a 
118 
Tennc p f5 5o x i i 128 
H U Tesoro 
I IO 
1951 13+s 
23+s Tesor pf2 
16 
628 257/b 
25*4 Texaco 
2 
8 6o57 267s 
32'a T exC om I 
IO IO 
6o1 32*4 
36*4 Tex E st 
1 
85 9 
636 38*8 
26' 7 T x E T p f2 
4o 
29 27 
3o 
T x E T p f2 
87 
34 31 
41*4 TexG sT 2 
4o 9 
315 47*8 
42 
T xG s p f I 5o 
4 46* b 
14'4 Tex Ind lb 15 
84 H U 
75*b Tex In s t I 
32 19 1653 84'2 
8+s Tex In t 
17 2439 
H U 
25'? TexO G s 
2o 
IO 
665 
28' a 
28'4 T x P c L d 
35e 19 
157 
38+? 
187a Tex U til 
I 4o 
8 449o 
19*4 
25*8 TexsgM 
I 2o 13x1o85 27'4 x l7 2 
126 
I 
856 
7o 
68 
. 
248 
I 
H I 
I 
39 
’ 
36 
I 
211 
6 x U o 
4o7 
647 

47*4 T e x g lf pf 
3’ 4 T e x t’ Ina 
25 
T e x tro n I 4o 
3o+4 T e x tr pf 2 o8 
2278 T e x tr p f I 4o 
19’ b T h io k o l 
84 
32+4 Thom Bet 
I 
IO 
T h o m In 
44 
15' a Thom J W .8o 
8 'b T h rifty 
48 
I77s Ti co r 
I IO 
16*4 T id w tM r 
6o 
IOU T ig e rln t 
5o 
32 
T im e ln c I 3o IO 
249 
2o 
T im e M ir 
8o IO 1251 
5o 
T im k n 
2 2o IO 
12o 
16 
T is h m a n 
24 
5+? T o b in P 
15e 
8' 1 ToddSh 
24+e T o lE d is 2.12 
9 
24U T o lE d p f2 21 
9 +b T o nka C p 
48 
8 
6*8 T oofR ol 
4ob IO 
1o*4 T ra c o r 
28 
6 
3 1 'e Tra n e 
I o8 
IO 
34*8 T ra n Un I 76 
9 
9 's T W A 
5 
17 
T W A p f 
13U T ra n s a m 
66 
1oo 
T ra n s p f4 5o 
22'8 T ra n I ne 192 
17 
T ra n s c o 
I 
8' ? T ra n sen 
52 
71' 4 T rG P p f6 65 
1o1 
T rG P p f IO 32 
91U T rG P p f8 64 
26' 4 T rG P p f2 SO 
9+4 T ra n O b F 
28 
21 
T ra n w y I 4o 
3o 
T r a v is 
I 28 
37 
T ra v e lr p f2 
2o’ a T riC o n 
7 11 
31*? T riC n p f2 5o 
I U T riS o M 
9 
T r ia n ln d 
14+? T ria P a c 
.6o 
177b T rin tv ln 
8o 
25+8 T ro p ic a n 
5o 16 
246 
14 
TucsnG 
I o8 
8 1343 

5o' 
4+8 
277 8 
32+4 
25'a 
22+8 
34' 4 
11*8 
16' b 
8+b 
2o 
21*4 l l ' B 
36 
22' 

18' 
18' B 
A1? 
16+8 
17 U 
39 
9' e 
6*8 
8 
36*4 
84*4 
77+4 
27+8 
4 
8+8 
H U 
18' a 
287 8 
12+8 
9+4 
35 
9 's 
IO 
28U 
6 'b 
65+4 
1o2'? 
7U 
2*8 
34’ a 
126 
12 
24*8 
26+4 
32'a 
37’ a 
26+4 
3o+8 
46+8 
46+8 
14 Vi 
81U 
IO’ a 
27’ 8 
37+s 
19U 
25+b 
47+4 
4'8 
2 7 '8 
31'? 
24+4 
21*4 
32+4 l l * a 
157 a 
SU 
19 
2o” a 
1o+8 
34' 7 
21+4 

5o 
257 
2o8 
799 x24 
73 
49 
1o3 
325 
433 
714 

5 4 78 
5 4 ' 4 
17*4 
17+b 
BU 
14+8 
25'? 
24U 
1o+2 
6+4 l l ' ? 
35 
35 
IO 
21'? 
14'8 

9*8 
16*4 
257 a 
25+a 
1o+8 
7 
117/8 
367a 
38 l l 
213 
2 2 's 
8 1234 
U U x2 1o3'? 1o3'? 
1o6 
227e 
22'? 
8 275o 
2o 
18U 
6 
125 
9+8 
8 U 
/IOO 
7 2 '; 
71+? 
/1 7o 1o2' ? 1o1'? 
Z541o 
98'? 
97 
27+4 
13'? 
24*8 
34*8 
4o' ? 
71*8 
33U 
1*4 
1o*4 
19+4 
24+8 
26'? 
15+8 

497 
2o3 
7 
46o 
9 2426 
28 
497 
12 
63 
HO 
4 
92 
338 

9 U T w e n C n .5o 9x12o9 12+b 

■to 

8o 8x165 
18’ ; 
•tO 
IO 
265 19U 
AO 
6 
238 22 
6o 
13x1588 23'? x21 
23 
7 
58 
/1 27o 
8 
135 
55 
9 
6o1, 
5 
246 
I 
7 x6o 
4 
16 
7 
16 
6 
165 
6 
285 
988 
8 275o 
I 

15' a T w in D s 
17 
T y c o L a b 
2o' b T y le r Cp 
19’ ? U A L Inc 
TOU U A L pf 
17*8 U G IC p 
I 48 
28U U G I p f 
2 75 
13+8 U M C m d 
I 
1*4 U M E T T r 
1378 UO P 
6o 
3 IU U V In d 
2 
62U U V In pf 5 5o 
19 
U A R C O 
1.3o l l 
U n arco 
7o 
28+4 U n ilL t 
76e 
47U U n iN V 3.33e 
11+4 U n B an cp 
84 
57+s U C a m p I 8o 13 
51 
U n C a rb 2 8o 
‘ 
51U U n C a rb w i 
7 U U n C m rce 
I 
5+8 U nionC p 
15 
U n E lec 
1.36 
38+a U nE I pf 3 5o 
44' ? UnEI p f 
4 
5o 
U n E ' p f 4 5o 
7o 
U nE ! p f 6 4o 
29’ a U n E I p f 2 77 
SAU U nE ! p f 
8 
4+4 Un F id e l 
6 
5o+s UnO Cal 2 2o 
65' ? UOCa p f 2.5o 
48 
U Pac CP I 7o 13 1962 
16U Un P ac p f 47 
9 
9 ' b U n iro y a l .5o 12 1341 
82 a U n iry a l pf8 
1 6oo 
8 
U n B ra n d 
7 
194 
12' 2 O n B rn d p f A 
62 
1o 
U n it Cp 
8oe 
239 
25' ? U n E n R s I 72 
6 
351 
11 
U F in C a l 
4o l l ' ; U n G rn ty 
25+8 U lllu m 
2 44 
23*4 U n lllu p f2 2o 
19' e U n itln d 
7o IO 
13+4 U n itln pf 
42 

19U 
3o*4 
14*4 
1+4 
16*4 
37 U 
63 
2o*4 
12+4 
33*4 
55+4 
12+2 
61’ ? 
54*2 
53+4 
BU 
6*2 
15+4 
39 
Z7o 
46'? zlOO 
5o'/4 z7o 
71 
21 
3o 
2 
166 
7 18oo 
25 

4+8 U n itln n 
.14 
12'a U J e rB k 1.o4 
9 U U n itM M 
31U U n N u c lr 
V-J U n P k M n 
IO*? U nR efg 
56 
15+e USFoS I 26e 
32^8 U S F id G 

5x43o 
6 
179 
8 
52 
/96o 
1o4 
13 
6o 
9 
75 
93o 
12 2o42 
2 
333 
7 
226 
78 
8 1576 

89 
7 
52+8 
681/4 
56+8 
19+8 
IO 
87+4 
9 
13 Vs 
1o+4 
28+* 
16 
I2 U 
26 U 
24*4 
29 U 
19 
5+4 
13*4 
H U 
44+4 
3*4 
14+4 
16 
39+4 

27 
12*4 
237b 
33** 
39+4 
2oV2 
33 
1+8 
9+4 
19 
23 
25+8 
15 n u 
16+8 
18*2 
2oU 
22+* 
22+4 
18+* 
3o U 
14 
1+8 
15’ 8 
36+8 
63 
2o*4 
12*2 
33 
52+4 
12 
6o*4 
51 
S IU 
BU 
5+4 
15'/? 
39 
46 
5o *4 
71 
29'/? 
88 
6 Vi 
52 
6 6 *4 
55*? 
19*4 
9'/? 
86V? 
8 + 4 
12U 
1o*4 
28 
15+4 
12+8 
26+4 
23U 
26+4 
15 
5 '4 
12U 
IOV4 
41'/? 
3 
13 Va 
15+4 
37 
23U USG VPS 1 6o 12 
456 
25+8 
24*4 
, , c r , nf I RO 
17 
77 
26' ? 

N e t 
Los' C hg 

4 3''? + 
U 
45' a *- 
U 
2 1 * 4 - 
*4 
38*4— 
’ 8 
SA 
- 
15 
24+8+ 
+e 
187' ?+- 5*4 
77e ♦- 
1 j 
18'?+- 
U 
18+x t- 
7 a 
6+4 
1 6 *4 + 
'8 
17+4— 
+8 
39*4 + 
'4 
V U — 
U 
6' 2 . . . . 
8' a— 
U 
37+ 8+ 
+8 
86 
+ 2 '8 
79' 2 i- 1'b 
27+4— 
+8 
4' 8 
9 '? * - 
U 
1 2'e— 
'a 
18'4— 
' 8 
29 U + 
7 8 
12' ?. . . 
IO 
3 5 '8 - 
+4 
9*8 
1o 
- 
'a 
31+8+ 1*8 
6' 8 + 
'8 
6 7U + 
+8 
1o2'?. 
.. 
7+8+ 
' 8 
2*8 
3 4 U — 
*8 
126 
— 2*8 
13*8*- 
1+4 
2 5 U + I U 
26+*+ 
' 8 
32'?— 
+4 
37+4— 
*8 
27 
+ 
U 
3o*8— 
' 7 
4 7*4 + 
' a 
46*8 + 
'9 
14+4— 
*4 
84*4 + VU 
11 
+ I 
27*4— 
*8 
3 8 '? + 1*8 
19' ?— 
1 s 
26 
— 
7 9 
48' a — IU 
4+4+ 
'? 
27+8+ 
' 8 
31+e— 
' 8 
25 
22 
— 
*4 
3 2 '? — 1*8 
11*4-+ 
* 
1 5U — 
1 
8+4— 
' 
19' ?— 
' 
2112+ 
' l l ' * — 
' 
34+4— 1*8 
2 2*4 + 
' 8 
54+8+ 
+8 
17*8 
9 
16 
- 
7 a 
2 5 U + 
*8 
24+7— 
*8 
1o*4+ 
'4 
7 
— 
U 
1 1 *4 + 
*8 
36' 2 + 
+* 
38 
+ 2+8 
1 o*4 + 
*8 
21U + 
14*8— 
1o3+2 4- 3*8 
22' ?— 
14 
2o 
+ r n 
87 8— 
’ ? 
72+?+ 
'/? 
1o2'?+ I 
98 
27' 4 
12+b— 
U 
24+4+ 
*8 
33+U- 
IU 
39 U — 
+8 
2o*4— t/4 
33 
+ 
U 
1*4........... 
9 + 8 + 
*4 
19' 4— 
>/4 
24*8— 
*8 
26*4— 
+8 
15*4+ 
*4 
12 
— +4 
18 
+ 1+2 
1 9 *4 + 
U 
21 
— I U 
23*6 + 
’/? 
22*4 + 
+4 
19 
. 
3o+4— 
' 8 
U U . 
. 
I *4 + 
*4 
15U — 
U 
36*4— 
U 
63 
2o*4— 
’ a 
12*3 + 
'/8 
33*4 + 
*8 
52U — 3*4 
12*?+ 
+8 
6 1 '4 + 
+2 
5 1 + 4 - 2'a 
5 I U — 1+4 
S U — 
Va 
57/4— 
Va 
15+4+ 
*4 
39 
. 
461 2 -+ I'/? 
SOU— 
+4 
71 
+ I 
29+4+ 
'/? 
88 
— I 
6+4— 
>4 
5 2 U + 
*8 
6 7*4 + 
+4 
56+4+ I 
19*4+- 
+4 
9 *4 — 
*8 
87 
+ I 
8+2— 
>/4 
13 
... 
1o+8........... 
28'/4— 
*4 
15+4— 
+4 
1 2+ 4- 
Va 
26*'?— 
*8 
24 Vs............ 
2 8 U + 
1*4 
19 
+- I Va 
5 '4 — 
Va 
13 
— 
U 
IO U — 
Va 
43 
+ 
+4 
3*%— 
Va 
14*4+ I 
15+4— 
*8 
37+4— 
V? 
25*4— 
Va 
W t — 
Va 

Y ea rly 
H ig h lo w 

8*4 
12U 
4 
27 
5o 
31' 8 
IO'.. 
18o' a 
121 U 
TOH 
29 U 
25 
7U ll 
22'a 
337 s 
387h 
IR 'b 
12' / 
45 ‘ b 
34+b 

72'8 
217 a 
IOU 
TOU 
9' / 
57b 
4 ’ 8 
U H 
23 
15*8 n u 
15H 
48' 2 
49 
57 
6o 
89 
Io P 2 
1o8 ‘ 4 
31 H 
89' 2 
83H 
86 U 
6*8 
27 *e 
56 
21 
56U 
4’ ? 
15*8 
177 e 
787b 
71'n 
76+. 
39-8 
12'? 
42 ! 8 
6*8 
9 U 
32' 4 
3 o 'b 
59' ? 
IOU 
31 '4 
23'? 
2o+4 
35 
22*4 
25*8 
IA U 
24*4 
7*4 
6*8 
18 H 
12U 
1o*4 
27'? 
28U 
13U 
57 
41 
287b 
IO ‘ a 
3o' ? 
18’ / 
19*4 
TOH 
2o'? 
53'? 
57' ? 
12*8 
65 
27U 
21** 
5o+2 

8x862 
5x277 
82 
6 
254 

6 '? US In d 
4o 
9*8 U S Leasg 
4o 
2*8 U S R ty 
2o a USShoe I 2o 
43U USSteel 2 2o l l 2929 
24*4 U S Tobc I 4o 12 
41 
34 8 Un Tech I 8o 
8 4474 
155' 4 Un Toh p f 8 
HO '.. U n T ch pf7 32 
177 b U ni Tel 
I 28 
26+8 U ni TI p fl SO 
22+1 Uni TI 2pf I 5o 
129 
A 's U n itro d 
IO 
9 
77 
9 
U n iv a r 
56 
8 
194 
197b U n iv F d s 
I 12 8 
7o 
29*8 U n Le a t 
1 88 
8 
111 
3o 
U p jo hn 
I o8 12 1536 
14' . USL IF E 
4o 
7 
947 ll'. . U s lite F 
96 x I IO 
3 
9 
U ta h P L 
3 12 1ox492 
31*r U fP l. Of 
2 8o x55 

Sales 
I Hds. I H ia h lo w 

7+8 
7 n u i i 
3+4 
3*6 
2278 
J6 
29+8 
4o*4 

N e t 
Last Chg. 

7'8 
11+8— 
+' 
3*4 + 
V 
21*8 
45*4 
2BU 
4o 

2oU 
45 
2878 
287/e— 
+8 
39*4 
4o 
+ 
U 
162 18o'8 173’ 2 176 
+ 2 
28 12o'b 118*4 119 '? + I*? 
9 2953 
2o*8 
19+8 
2o*4+ 
*o 
I 
29+b 
29+8 29+8 + 
' 
129 
25 
24’ ? 25 
+ 
! 
9 
77 
7+e 
7 *b 
7’ ? 
8 
194 
IO 
9+8 IO 
+ 
1 
21+8 
2oU 
21U * - I 
33U 
31U 
32'?— 
' 
31*? 
3o 
3 1 '? + IV? 
I6 U 
15*4 16U 
12+a 
11+8 
12*8+ 
*8 
45 
43*? 4 3U + 
33 U 
32*4 33 
*- 
*4 

2o 
5 

2o 23 

18*8 V F C p 
17' ? VSI C orp 
7 
V a lle y ln 
H U V a ria n 
7U V a ro ln c 
4 7b Vendo 
3' 8 V enice 
13*4 Vest Se I 31e 
15 H V etco 
2oe 
9' ? V ia c o m 
13 
7 
V ic to rC 
2o 12 
14 
V a E P w I 24 
45' 2 Va E P p f 4 o4 
45 
V a E P p f4 12 
52' / V a E P p f4 8o 
54' / Va E P p f 
5 
85 
V a E P pf7 72 
97' / V a E P p f8 84 
1o2H V a E P p f9 75 
3o' 4 V a E P p f 2 9o 
85 
V aE p fJ 7 72 
79 
V a E P pf7.2o 
81'a V a E P pf7 45 
4+a V o m a d o 
21*8 V u lc n M I IO 
48'.. W abR p f4 5o 
15*4 W achova ,54 
45 
W ach pf2.2o 
3*4 W ach RI y 
11+b W a !M a rt 
IO l l 
H U W a lg rn 
LIO 
23*4 W lk rA 1.4oa 

V - W 
X 

 t IO 
9 
6T2 
8o 
6 
52 
4o 2o 
334 
28 
13 1245 
182 
39 
18 
132 
388 
6o9 
339 
8 19o6 
ZlOO 
/58o i m 
137o z 328o z9o 

21*8 
21'4 
9 U 
2o+4 
9'o 
5’ ? 
3 '? 
U H 
18*8 
14+4 
H H 
15' 4 
46*4 
48 
55' 2 
56'? 
88*4 
98*4 
/ I 66o 1o7' 
7o 
31+e 

2o + 8 
2 o ' 8 
9 ' 2 
19*8 
8 U 
5+8 
3*8 
13*4 
17' 4 
13*8 
1o*4 
14 *4 
46*4 
47 
54*4 
55' 2 
87’ a 
98+4 

21U + 
21 
+ 
9*4 
19+8— 
S U — 
S U — 
3'2 + 
13U— 
17*4— 
14 
+ l l 
— 
15*8 
46*4 + 
48 
+ 
55 
•+ 
56'? 
87*4— 
98*4— 

17H W a ll Bus 
66 
7 
/O’ / W a llM u I 2o 
5 
29 u W a lt J im 
I 4o 8 

/7o 
276oo 
151 
175 16o 
8 
45 
/IO 
8 
995 
17 
48 
159 
7 x83 
7 
69 

 l l ' ? W a lt J p f 
I 
32*4 W a ltJ p f l AO 
5 
W a rd F d 
47t 
6' 1 W a rn a c o 
26*8 W a rn s 
I 2o 
9 
26+. W rn Com 
8o 
7 
52 
W rnC pf I 25 
8 H W rn e rC o 
6o IO 

 y33o 
67 
68 
136 
9 
142 
7 
7o1 
17 
59 
25' ? W a rn rL I IO 13 3281 
7o 
28 
4 
48 
297 
469 
113 
117 
48 
2 
938 
39o 
31 
9o5 
134 
Z15o 
7 
IOO 
9 l l 
7x378 

21 
W ashG s 2 o8 
16' ? W a sh N at 
8o 
7 
321 / W asN pf2.5o 
18' ? W ashS tl 
I 
8 
2 o '/ W asW at 1.76 
7 
12 
W a steM 
2o 
12 
18'.. W a tk in J 
32 13 
6 
W ayG os 
.48 14 
4* 8 W ean Un 
2o 
5 
13*8 W ean pf I 26 
8 U W e a fh rd 
5o 
8 
8 
W e b b D e i 
14 
24*4 W e is M k t 
82 
9 
26 
W e lls F q 1.12 
8 
9+? W e liF M 
67e 14 
54 
W tP P p f4 5o 
33*8 W fP tPe 2 4o 
26'4 W s tc tT r 1.94 
8 
W n A irL 
4o 
76' ? W nB nc 
15o 
U H Wn NOA 
4ob 
14 
W n P a c ln 
17 
W n P u b l 
88 
17*e W Un ion 1.4o 
5o 
W nU n p f 4 6o 
54 
W nU n p f 4 9o 
12'4 W n U n d e p p f 
61+2 W U T I pf 
6 
25U W U U p f2 56 
16' 4 W e stq E I 
97 
46‘ / W estg pf3.8o l '/4 13 16 W e s tm o r 
337e 
26 
W st va co I IO 
2o*4 W e y b rg 1.5o 
37 
W e y e rh r 
8o 16 389o 
54' ? W e yr p f 2 8o x546 
24 
W h e elF 
72 13 
394 
72 
Whet L E 5.75 
Z13o 
15 
W h e e l P it 
44 
59' ? Whet P it p f 6 
/ISO 
5o 
W het P it p f 5 
/4oo 
23U W h irtp o l 
I l l 1261 
23*8 W h itcfon I IO 
7x8o1 
38 u W h ite pf A3 
37*8 W h ite p fC3 
6 '.. W h ite M t 
21H W h itin g I SO 
4*4 W h it t a k r 
12* v W ickes 
72b 
6' / W ieb dtS t 
32 
22+b W illia m s 
I 
9 1965 

25' a 
46'? 
64' ? 
3o' ? 
74 
2o 
62 
53 
27'7 
28' 8 
4 1 '? 
41 
8*8 
TSU 
6 * o 
H U 
IO 
26' a 
9+8 
45'? 
6 O+4 
A’ s 
19' 8 
32*4 
1o8 
97' ? 
21 *4 
29 H 
22+8 
21*4 
33*8 
15U 
5+e 
12*4 
BU 
29'? 
26*4 
39'? 
6 
85 H 
9*4 
I3U 
7+8 
58*4 
24*8 

13+4 
16+8 
15 
14*4 
59 
8*8 
28 
16 

491 
8 
463 
5 
35o 
8 
279 
8 
557 
15 
6 
248 
2 
74 
8 74o5 
Z 32o 
94 
9 
332 
6 
17 

I 
69 
617 
33 
38o 
335 
41 

12 
IO 
816 
6 '? W ils h rO 
4o 
W in n D x 
55 
W in D x B 
3 H W innbgo 
H H W in te r J 
I 
6 
77*4 W is c E P 2.12 IO 
1o5 
W ISE p f 8 9o 
93 
WISE p f 7 75 
19*8 W isG as I 7o 
28 
W isG p f 2 55 
19H W iscP L I 6o 
18 *4 W ise PS I 46 
28 
W itc o 
I 4o 
12 
W ittrD 
.6o 
4 
W o lv rW 
12 
IO U W o m e tco 
48 
6' 2 W oodCp 
4o 
19' / Wood P et 
3o 14 
227e W o lw th 
I 4o 
6 
33' 1 W ol p f 2 2o 
4*8 W o rlu A ir 
24 

89+7 
8 3*8 
86*a 
5+8 
23 U 
49' ? 
16*4 
46+4 
3 U 
13 
16*4 
2478 
17 7 8 
26*4 
34’ 7 
11+4 
36*4 
5+4 
8 U 
3o 
29+a 
58 
9 H 
27*4 
23+8 
18'4 
33 
19*8 
22H 
15U 
23*8 
AU 
SU 
14 
12*4 
9 
27 U 
27*4 
117 8 
56+; 
35' a 
28+8 
9 U 
28' ? 
IS H 
19+4 
2o+8 
17U 
51*4 
55 
12+8 
63+? 
26*8 
21+8 
49' ? 
I 
32H 
25+e 
39H 
55+8 
3oH 
74 
15+8 
AO1 ? 
51 
26+a 
28+» 
4o 
41 
8 
27 
S U 
14+8 
7'? 
23'4 
8+8 
42+4 

1o5*4 1o7+ 
31' 8 
3 1 '4 ~ 
88' 8 
8o*4 
83' 2 
5+8 
23'2 
49' ? 
15*4 
45' ? 
3 U 
12+8 
15H 
23*4 
17*2 
26 
33' 8 
I I H 
35U 
5+8 
7 H 
26+8 
28' 4 
57' ? 
9 U 
26*8 
23' e 
17*4 
33 
19' a 
217 a 
15 
21*4 
6 
5*4 
14 
9 
8' 7 
27 
27U 
11*8 
55 
34 
28*4 
8+b 
28 
17U 
18' 4 
19 
1 7 '; 
S IU 
54' ? 
12+8 
63 
26' a 
2o U 
49*8 

89' 2 + 
83*8 f 2 
84+?+ I U 
5 U + 
23*4 + 
49'/?— I 
16' 4— 
45*?— 
3 U . . . 
12U. 
I S U * 
24 
— 
17*4 + 
26+e + 
3 3 + ? .... l l ' ? — 
36+4 + 
5*4 

+8 

26+8- 
3' ; 
2 9 * 8 - 
58 
9 7s + 
27' 2 + 
23+s— 
18+4 — 
33 
+ 
19’ ; • 
22*8— 
15+8 
2 2 + 4 - 1+8 
6 ' a— 
U 
5*4 
14 
4 
12+7 4 
9 
+ 
27 
— 
27’i — 
1 1 + 8 - 
55 
3 4 H -- 
28+et- 
8 *4 4 
28' ? 
18+8 + 
18+7 + 
2o*8+ 1*8 
17+8— 
5 1 + 4 + 
55 
+ 
1 2 + b - 
63 
— I 
26' a— 
21+8 + 
49*8— 
U 1 5 16— I -16 
31 Vt 
3 2 H + 
’ a 
24' 7— 
+8 
3 7 + 8 - I 
54*8— 
*4 
29+8— 
74 
+ 
1 5H + 
59' ?. . 
5o 
25 H — 
27+8 + 
4o 
- 
4 o+7.. 
8 
26+ ?— 
4 U — 
14*8 + 
7 *8 + 
23 
+ 
8’ ? + 
41U 

24+4 
37 
54+8 
29H 
73 
IS H 
59” ? 
SO 
25' 3 
267b 
4o 
4o' ? 
7*4 
26+8 
4 U 
14 
7+e 
22*4 
7*4 
41*4 

Va 

*8 

*o 

+8 

S U W u r ltz r 
9 *8 W y la in 
1*4 W y ly C p 
*13’ 8 X erox 
157a X tra 

4o 
5 
6o 
12 

I6e 

IOU Y ate s 
14+2 ZaleC p 
12 
2 a ie p fA 
IO 
Z a p a ta 
44 
Z apata p f 
7 
ZayreCP 
2o 
Zen! th R 
I 
13 
Z u rn ln d 
48 

8o 
3ob 
2 

T o ta l fo r w eek 
Week ago 
Y ea r ago 
Two ye ars ago 
Jan I to d ate 
1976 to d ate 

 l l 
57 
56 U 
56U + - 
*8 
658 
4 *2 
4 
4 
— 
+2 
6o 
15+8 
15'? 
15*?— 
+8 
574 
29*8 
28U 
2 9U + 
*8 z3o 1o7' ? 1o7+? 1o7+? A 
Vt zlOO 
96 
96 
96 
A 
+4 
2o8 
21 
2o+7 
2 oU + 
Va x5 
28U 
28+4 
28+4 + 
Va 
3o8 
21*? 
2o+4 
21+o + 
*8 
462 
2o 
19*8 
19*?— 
Va 
325 
32+e 
31*8 
3 1U — 
*o 
1o7 
12'? 
12+8 
12+4— 
’ 8 
91 
4+? 
4+8 
4+8— 
*8 
179 
11+? 
11+4 
11+4— 
Va 
2o4 
7+8 
7+4 
7+2 + 
Va 
34o3 
77 Va 
23+o 
27'o + 
SU 
818 
24*o 
2 2U 
2 3 + 4 - 
I 
46 
35+s 
33*? 
34 
— 
1+2 
SO 
5+4 
5 
5+4— 
+8 
2 *63 
85 
84 
84+?+ 
Va 
14 
9+o 
9 
9 
— 
Vt 
291 
12U 
12*o 
12U + 
U 
379 
1+o 
I U 
I U * 
Va 
4424 
47+8 
44+4 
47U + 
3 U 
6x791 

Y - Z 

23*8 
21+o 
23 
+ 
I 

144 
13+a 
12*4 
13U 
243 
I5 U 
15+4 
15U . 
4 
12U 
12+o 
12U 
14o2 
12+8 
IO U 
1 1 U + i+4 
3 
49+7 
45 
49+?+ 
4+2 
264 
8+4 
8 
8 
— u 
15o6 
22+4 
21+4 
2 1U + 
+4 
277 
H U 
14+4 
STOCK S A L E S 
1 4 + 4 - u 

Y e a rly 
H ig h lo w 

I I H 
B H D en T a I E 
9* 
22'a 
19H 
D e p s .tr I 52 
6 
4 
8 
5+a 
D evC pA 
7 
43 
37U 
26U D nvO rG p 
IO /ISO 
1+8 
3+8 
D ig ic o n 
IS7a 
12+4 D ifla rd S t 4o 
1+415 16 D io d e s 
2+8 
1+4 
D is F a b lOe 
19 
13H 
D U e rs e y 56 
IO 
41U 
35*4 D om e Pf 
15U 
1 3 'i Dom ta r 
SU 
U H ta u io u 
H H 
21 16 
17+4 
B U 
5*4 
6*8 
9 H 
3*4 
17U 
I U 
21 U 
75 <8 
327a 
7U 
17 7 8 
3 
H H 
6 '? 
7 
7*4 
6*8 
5*4 
IA U 
IO 
2’ 2 
25U 
7 «s 
U U 
2 
A H 
IOU 
IO U 
3 H 
IA U 
13+8 
A U 
3+8 
AH 
7 U 
4+4 
2 
2’ ? 
4 
AU 
278 
H U 

8o 15 
4 

Sates 
N e t 
(h d s ) H ig h lo w lo s t C hg 
224 
I I H 
IO U 
1 1 + 8 - 
+8 
19U U U 
19'4 - u 
7’ ? 
7 
7+o 
+8 
3 H 3o' 2 
3o+?— i n 
3o 
3*8 
3*o 
3 U + 
U 
IO 
13+o 13 
1 3 U + 
U 
21 
I 
15 1615 16 
15 
2+4 
2 
7 *4+ 
U 
42 
18*4 17U 
17+4 + 
H 
35*4 
36>4~ 1*4 

Page 
I 4-D 
San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Saturday May I 4 I 9 7 7 

7 1o66 
38 

AU D onkeny 
28 
11 +4 D ow ny 
37e 
4 
IA U D re x U tl 132 
8 ’ ? D r iv H e rr 
9+s D rg F a ir 
4ob 4 
1+8 D u n lo p 
o7e 
‘ 

7*o 
7 
7 
— 
24 
14*8 
13+b 
13*4— 
+8 
28 
27 
17 
5 
IO 
97 
IO U 
11421 16 

13U 
13*o 
13+o— 
IA U 
IA H 
16'? 
IO 
9 U 
I U 

IO 
9'/4— 
*4 
2 
+ 3 1 6 
13*4 D u p lx P d 
I 
6 
15 
IAU 
6' ? D u rT s t 
3ob 
8 
5o 
7 
37o D v n lc tn 
o6 
19 
457 
5+4 
4*4 D y n A m 
7 
457 
SU 
5 U 
D y n e llE I 
EAC 
23 
92 
A U 
2 U 
6 
2o 
3*o 
15’ ? E D G In c 25c 
6 
15U 
1*o E agleC 
36 
I U 
17 
E a rth Res 
I 
12 
558 
21 *4 
41U E asonO 
2ob 
25 
197 
75U 
23*4 
E s trn C 
16o 
IO 
9 
32 U 
4 U E a z o rE 
24 
5 
15 
SU 
1o*4 E cod yn 
M l l 
221 
IA U 
2 
E d m o s 
8 
2 U 
9 '4 
E D O 
3oe 
6 
24 
1o*4 
4 U 
E g a n M 
4o 
E h re n P 
2oa 
6 
13 
5+7 
4*4 
6 
41 
5+4 
5 
E lc o rC p 
12 
8 
62 
6 
4 U 
E l Hose l l 
4+7 
3+4 El Aud D 
21t 
7 
43 
4 
13 H 
E ls e fro g 
I 
7 x 18 
15*4 
7*8 E ie c E n g 
28 
7 
17 
BU 
I U 
E le c tR e s 
4 
1+4 
17'» 
E le c A m I 2o 
IO 
54 
24+4 

A7 a 
4 U 
4 U 
5 U 
3+o 

6*8— 
4+o— 
5+o+ 
6+8 
3 U h 

Y e a rly 
H ig h lo w 
7+8 
SH 
V U 
7 U 
7 
4 
9 
?7o 
19'? 
U U 
15U 
1*4 
2 3 U 
5 *. 
4 
1+2 

AH I e v ittln 
24 
5 
S U L e w is B P 
3o 
8 
6 
L ib ty F a b 
4 
A’ s L ig h to tr 
16 
7 
5*o L iH iA n n 
22 
8 
2 U L ln c ln A m 
13 
S H L lb y d s E I 
5 
J U L o d g e s 
M e 
A 
IA H L o h m n 
8oa 
7 
7+b L o e w T h e wt 
7 H L o g ic o n 
IO 
2+e L o g is tic lOe 
6 
18*8 L aG e nS v 82 
6 
3+4 L u n d y E I 
IO 
2 '? L y n c h C p 
3 
I 
I. y o n w e a r 

15+o 
15+o 
15+o- 
U 
I U 
I U — u 
21+4 
2o'? 
2o*8— 
*o 
7 5 + 1 
*4 u 
16+8+ 1+8 
2*4 
. . 
1o+4........... 
5 U 
SU 
6 
4+8 
3*4 

4 U 
4 U — 
15 
2+4 
1o+o 
5'/? 
5 
5 v? 
4+o 
3+4 
14+o 
14*o— s u a u ­ l u 
I U 

Va I 

9 
7 U 

8*4 
4+4 
5+8 
6' / 

7+8 
5*4 
7+8 

IO 
124 
183 
6 
12 
64 

4 U E n g y R s 
1o 
E rn s fE C 
64 
5 
I U E ro In d 
9 
4*8 E s p e y M t 
7 
77» E sp R a d 
39e 
4 
7+b Essex Ch 
4o 
6 
I U E t/L a v 
138 
15 
11 
E v e n A r 
2or IO 
24 
5 *4 E xec In d 
2 
4 
E x e c u tn 
27t 17 
2 H F D I Inc 
Ole IO 
3 U P P A C orp 
2o 
4 U F a h in d 
25e 
5 
2*4 F a bien 
o5j 
18 
I U F a irT e x 
1+8 F a ir f Nob 
2’ j F a irm C 
H e IO 

6*8 l l 
1+o 
5 
9 

5*8 F a m D o lr 
2o 
2 
F a m lR c 
15e 
9+o F a n n y F 
5oe 
I U 13 16 F a s h F a b 
IO' 
U U 
15*8 
81 7 
21+8 
IOU 
I ’ ? 
3 
2*8 
11+8 
11 
IO7 a 
7U 

A1 ? F a y D rg 
1oi 9 
92 
13'a F e d M a rt 
6o 4 
8 
13U F e d R ltV 
I 24 13 
42 
4>a FedR es 
2o32 
16+4 F e lm n t 
2oe 16 
59 

A U n u 
I U 
5*o 
9 U 
12o 
IO*? 
IO U 
2*4 
2*4 
14*8 
7*o 
A’ 2 
2 U 
5’7? 
7*8 
2*4 
1+o 
I U 
2*4 
6+o 
2*8 
9 U 
I 
8'4 

393 
72 
169 
19 
163 
4 
8 
31 

6 U + 
11+4 + 
1*4 + 
5 '4 + 
9 
+ 
IO U— 
2*4— 
13+o 
13+o- 
6 
— 
5*4 
5*4 
2+o 
4*4 
6+7 
2*4 
1+o 
1+8 
2 H 
S U 
2+4 
9+8 

Va 

6+o + 
2 *4+ 
Va 
5+?+ 
+o 
7 
+ 
*4 
2*4— 
U 
1+o 
1U + u 
2 '? — 
Va 
S U — u 
2+8+ 
U 
9 V?........... 
U 1 5 16— I 16 
6*4 
8U + 1+o 

7 U F e lsw a y 
36 
78 F ib r e b r d w t 
17a F id e lc o 
I U F ilm C p A 
7U F ilm w y 
o5r 
7 
8+4 F in G en 
4o 
6 
8 +a F in G n A 
4o 
6 ' ? F t Conn 
SO l l 

41 
9*o 
2915 16 
41 
2 
1*4 

13U 
13+o 
1 3 + o - 
14+o 
13*4 
14U + 
8*o 
7*4 
I S U 
18+8 
9+e 

8+o + 
18+o 
9+4 + 

I H 13 16 F s tH a r tfd 
4*8 
H U 
2+8 
16 U 
2+8 
17 U 
1+8 
5U 
15+4 
5 
IU 
57s 
23H 
17+8 
24 U 
AU 
17' ? 
8' ? 
32' ? 
9o 
9 U 
3 H 
IV / 
H a 
9*4 
IS H 
22' 4 
57« 
?78 
9+8 
BH 
BH 
3 H 
37' ? 

993 
8o 
8 
18 
16 
2 

8 U 

I U 
1+o 
7*4 
IO U 
IO '? 
1o+a 
IO U 

22 
25 
75 
54 
9 
46 
66 
IO 

3+4 F s tH rt p f 5o 
9 H FtS l.S h 
o5e IO 
I U F s tm rk 
13' j F is c h rP 
48t 
6 
2 U F is h m a n 
12 
15+? F itc h b G I 44 IO 
H a F la g g 
3+8 F la g s ta ff 
12 
5 
11+8 F lig h t St 
12 
9 
4*4 F ia C a p 
5 
3 H F la R c k 
15 
3 'n F IO w G en 
6 
15' ? F lo w e rs 
66 
7 
14 
F lu ke J 
73t IO 
TOH F ty D ia O 
7 
5' ? F o o d rm 
4o 
4 
9 *2 Foodw s 
2oa 
7 
7 U F o ote M 
25e l l 
29*4 Foote pf2.2o 
85 
F ord Can 
5a 
6 
7*8 F o re stC 
o5e 
8 
2 ‘ a F o re s tL a b 
6 
7 
F o xS ta P 
5o 
1ox112 
3+8 F ra n k ln R t 
SI 
8 
F ra n k N u 
4o 
6 x 32 
15 U F ra n tz 
8oa 
A 
8 
IA H F re s n illo 
4o 41 

7+4 
I U 
4*8 

7 
I 
4 *o 

IU — 
1+o 
8 * i— 
1oU + 
1o*o— 
7 
— 
I 
4*o + 
19 
1o+o 
1o*o 
1o*7- 
25 
2oo 
16+8 
1o6 
2+a 
16 
1+8 
3 U 
12*4 
4+7 
4 
4*4 

I U 
2 
15+4 
1 5 + o - I 
2+4 
2 U . . .. 
15' 2 
15*4— 
1*o 
3 *4.. . . 
12*4 + 
4 '/? + 

1*7 
3+o 
12*8 
4*8 
3U 
4 ' 7 
4*4 
21*? 
TOH 
21*4+ 
+o 
173 
14*4 
14+? 
14*4. 
2o3 
23 
8 
167 
19 
4 

6+2 
17+? 
BU 
31+4 

21*o— I 
6* 8— 
' i 
17*?+ I 
7U — 
’ i 

4 *. F rie d m 
28b 
H a F rie n d F r 
7+s F rig tm p 
55t 
6* b F ris c h s 
3ob 
6 
F ro n t A ir 
19t 
2 'a F ro n t A ir w t 
28 U F ro n tr A ir p l 

21*8 
6*8 
16*o 
7U 
31*o 
31+o 
/6o 
89’ ? 
88*4 
88*4 + 
34 
8 * i 
7+o 
8 U + 
15 
3 
3 
7 
4*o 
8 U 
15*4 
19*4 
4 U 
2 
7*4 
6*4 
7+o 
3 

3 
V a 
4+a 
9*8 
16 
12 
2oU 
5 
15 
5 
543 
6 
32o 
66 
2 

2+a 
8+o 
7 
8+a 
3*8 
37+? 
36 

3 
— 
*8 
7 
4*8 + 
I 4 
S U . . . 
16 
2o 
+ 
Va 
5 
2 
- 
' 8 
8* 7— 
Vs 
7 
8 *o + 
*o 
3 H + 
H 
37'/?+ 2U 

42c 
7 
7 
4o 
9 
6 
5 
AO 

2+a 
1+j G IT Ind 
3 H 
2+? G R ICP 
1*8 
I 
GSC En 
2 H 
H a G T I 
IS H 
12’ 8 G a b rie l 
SU 
4+a G a la x y 
H U 
8+a G aran 
3 
2 
G a r c ia 
4 U 
3 U G a rla n d 
U H 
8+a G a te s L rje * 
SU 
3 *b G a y lo rd 
15e 
H a ll 16 G a y n o r 
TU 
I U G n E m p 
19r 
S H G e n E x p 
1*4 G n H o u s 
U G n R e c re 
27 
2 
G enqe 
7 
21 
I U G e n is c o 
8 
17 
I U Geon 
Ind 
67 
4 + a G e rb e r 
8 
91 
16’ / G ia n tF d 
1.2o 
5 x32 
A U G ia n tY e l 
112 
3 5a G la s ro c k 
33+4 G la tfItr 
I 8o 

36 
174 
7 
18 
112 
27 
58 
48 
4 
73 
IO 
18 
I 

I'? 
3 'a 
I 
I U 
18 
5+e 
1o+4 
2 H 
4’ ? 
9+8 
3*4 
I 

I Va 
3 
1 
1*4 
17U 
47a 
9*8 
2 
3+8 
9 
3*4 
13 16 
17 8 
I U 
22 
387 
12*4 
11*4 
7 
162 
3 H 
2 U 
7b13 16 
2+a 
2' 2 

16 

I U 
Ha 
9 
17U 
A U 
4 H 

1*8 
■ 
3 
- 
1 
1 U + 
18 
5+8 + 
9 U - 
2 
- 
4 '? + I 
9+4— 
3*4 
. 
I 
I U — 
1 2 +a + 
2 U — 
7a+ V IA 
2' 7— 
' 
I U . 
... 
1+4 
9 
+ I ' 
17' 7 + 
' 
6*8— 
' 
4*/4— 
Va 

 h 

97,o6o, OOO 
1o6,o7o,ooo 
98.385,43o 
12o.769,81o! 
1.94o,94o,ooo 
2.258.216.839) 
J ('O'1 ff> * 

V 

15' 
3' a 
I ’ ? 
3*8 
IU 
2U 
9 
18' 8 
B H 
5*4 
38 U 
19' i 
6 'v 
17 
16*8 n u 
14*8 
3*8 
4 H 
15 u n 
1H 
2 H 
87a 
5H 
23 H 
AU 
8+? 
SU 
AH 
8' ? 
37H 
31*o G IL kC h 
4 H 
7+a 
1o*8 
6*4 
_____ __ 
28H 
24 U G ltO C n 
1 o8 29 
125 
26H 
25*? 
25+8— 
H 
I I H 
7 
2*8 

18' j G la tfltr w i 
15 
19' ? 
18' 2 
4 sb G lenG er 
16 26 
47 
5*8 
5+o 
11*8 G le n D is 
4ob 
6 
22 
13*4 
12U 
15*4 G lo b e ln 
7o 
7 
42 
16*8 
15*4 
9' ? G losser 
.32 
5 
13 
9*4 
9 H 
9 U G lo u c s tE 
4 
36 
IOU 
9+4 
2 H G lo ver toe 
4 
2 H 
2 U 
3 * b G ld b ia tl 
.28 
7 
26 
4*4 
4 
IO 
G oldnC yc 
9 * m Got do W 
45 
46 
7o 
14' 2 
14 
7 
219 
U U 
13 
*8 G o ld fie ld 
528 
I U 
I 
1*4 Good I . S 
o7r 
21 
I 
2 
I U 
6 U G oo d rich w t 
136 
7 
6*4 
4' 8 G orin S t 
Ioe 
5 
6 
5 U 
5 
IV' ? G o rm R 
9oa 
9 x57 
3+i G ould IT .24e 37 
5o 
5*8 G ra n d A u 
3o 
5 
43 
6 ’ b G rn d C ti 
3o 
5 
42 
5*8 G tA m ln d 
4 
95 
S U G tB a s in P 
47 3943 
28 13 
81 
3 H G re en m n 
4 
85 
6 
G R E IT 
4o l l 
69o 
8 '. G uardC 
5o 
8 
12 
4*e G u ilfo rd 
.2o 
4 x 86 

I U 
IU 
7 H 
16*4 
6' ? 
4*4 
24 
38*4 
37H 
37+s— 1*8 
19 
— 
5+e— 
13U + 
16+4 + 
9 U . . .. 
9+4— I 
2 U . . . . 
4 + 8 .... 
14+8— 
13U + 
I 
— 
I U 
. 
6 7e - 
5 
23 
+ 
6*4 + 
6+o+ 
7 
— 
6*8 + 
8 *o + 
3 5 'a + I*? 
3+4— 
7 
+ 
+o 
9 
6*8 

23 
6 U 
6+a 
7 
6 +a 
8' ? 
36 
3 H 
7 
9 
6+ 

22H 
5+o 
57a 
6+8 
6 
7+8 
33*4 
3*4 
6*o 
B U 
SU 

29 
95 
3o 
7o 
194 
36 
28 

9 U G it R e p F n 
5 ’ a G u lfs tr m 
U H a lco P d 
6 
147h 
12' ? H a lls M o t 
72 5 
778 
3 H H a m p D 
15e 15 
6 ' j 
4*a H a m p tn 
4 
13+a 
I I H H a n n frd 
72 5 i i ie 
IO U H a nvrS h 
6o 5 
5 U 
3 7b H a n S q R I 
21 
5*8 
137b 
H U H a rt/M 
V a i l 16 H a rv e y 
9 H 
7' ? H a sbro 
2o ii* ? 
7 H H a sting 
4oa 
4' ? 
3*4 H a w a i A . lOr 
9 H 
6 *4 H ealthC h 
S H 
6 H H e a lth M 
3o 
2U 
I*-. H e in ic k lOe 
8 
175 
7 
I U H e itm M tg 
37 
4 
27s H iG ln c 
35 
15 
5*8 
4 * b 
H ig h la n d 
18 
8 
5*8 H ilih a v n 
44 
6 
1o9 
7 H 
5' . H ip trn ic 
2o 
17 
166 
3+b 
2 U H o fm a n 
5 
14 
29* a 
27 Hoi rig A 
1 8o 
9 
9 
7 
4+a 
H oi I y C p 
IO 
4o1 
26H 
227a H om eO B 
75 6 
4 
28' 4 
23 H o rm e l 
I 12 
6 
15 
7 U 
4 '4 H o rn H a r 
25 
8*4 
6 *a H ospM 
6oe 
28 
36 
13H 
H U 
Hotel 
I 32e 15 
33 
5+a 
4 U HousR on 
3o 
5 
5 
5' a 
4 U H ouseV i 
32 
12 
29 
9*a 
7 U H o s M In n 
22 
59 

11+2 + 
6*4 + 
I U . . 
14 
+ 
7*4 + 
4*4 + 

11' a n u 
7 
A H 
1*8 
1+a 
14*a 
137a 
7+4 
7 '? 
4*4 
4+a 
12'a 
11*4 
11H — 
13 
1o*4 
1o*4 
IO '?— 
. 
_ „ 
45 4*o 
4 
4+4 + 
1 8'n H a rla n d .6o IOX 136 
2 o *4 
19*4 2o*8 + 
4 H a rttd Z d 
IO 
44 
4*4 
4 '? 
4*8 + 
3o IO 
188 12 
9 
48 
7o 
9 
25 
44 
1o4 

11+8 
11U + 
U 13 1613 16— M A 
8+4 
8+o 
8*4 + 

4*8 
7*8 
8*8 
2 
1*8 
3 H 
5 H 
7+4 
ZU 
3 
29 
6*4 

7*4 
4+4 
7' a 
7*4 
1*4 
I U 
3*4 
5 '? 
6 +a 
6+a 
2*4 

7*4 
4 +o* 
7 U — 
8+o+ 
2 
I U . 
. 
3' ? + 
5 '?. 
7 *4 + I 
7+o + 
2*4 
28*4 
28*4— 
5 U 
6+4 + 
24+o 
2 2U 
227s— 1+e 
24+o 
23*4 
24 
6+o 
8+o 
12*4 
12+o 
4' 2 
4+8 
4*4 
8+8 
4+4 
8+2 

6 
-I 
8*8-' 
U H 
4+b 
4' ?- 
8 H . 
6o78 
39U H o u O ilM 
8o 2511113 
55*4 
5o*4 
52+4 * 2 H 
19U 
13*4 H ow elC 
.4o 13 
27 
14+a 
14*o 14' 

2o 

93 
21 
25 
6 x4o 
7 

5 
3H H ow e ll 
15e 
3 
37+4 
33 H Hubei IA 1 5o IO 
37 
33' ? H u b e llB 1.5o IO 
55 
SOU Hub pf A l 75 
4 H 
4 
H u c k M fg 
2o 
8 
A H 
4 U H udsnG n 
37U 
31H Hud BO 
152 
8 
H H l l ' t H u ffm a n 
5o 
5 
4 
3 U H u n tH lt . 19e 
5 
27' ? 
187s H uskyO 
8o 
4+a 
3 H H y c e lln c 
15 
4+a 
3 H IC H C p 
32t 
5 
6 ' 2 
4' ? IC M R 
7 U 
AU IM C M g 
3 U 
V ? I SC F in! 
1 
9 16 I T ICP 
7 
5+a I m p Ch 
,3oe 
7 
I '? 
1+b Im p lG p 
o7e 
3 
2 
Im p e rln d 
23+4 
18+8 Im p O ilA .86 
9 
2' i 
I U Ina rco 
14H 
11*8 In c o trm 
9 
5o 
47 
In P L pf 
4 
I 1? 
I 
In fl ig h f Sv 
2U 
1+b Inolex 
77e 
4+a In s tro n 
2o 
H b II 16 In s frS y s 
13+4 
6 ' ? InsSy pf.25e 
2 
1 H In te g R e s 
8 
15'? 
1o7« In tlA lu m 
SO 
7 
4+8 
2 H In tB n k n f 
14 
952 
137a 
H U IntC o u r 
28 
9 
66 
2U 
I U In tF d S v c 
3U 
2' a In tF u n ri 
o5e 6 
157r 
12*4 In tG e n ln 
9o 
5 
7'? 
4+4 In tP ro tn 
5 l l 
6H IntS ea w 
6o 
4 
7 
1+4 In t s t r t c h 
29+a 
17' 8 IntS ysC 
.25 
7 
I ' a 11 16 In te rp h o t 
18*» 
14*8 In trp o o l 
o5e 
7 
22+s 
12' ? In trw a y 
15e 
6 1291 
2*4 
1*8 Inve st Fla 
51 
2o*4 
17’ 2 In v D v A 
2oe 
5 
5 U 
4 '., tn v D v B 
o5e 
5 
7+4 
4*b In v R tT r 
217e 
H U Io n ic s 
8*8 
6+8 Iro q B rd 
2o 
167b 
H U Iro q B rn d pf 
6U 
4+a Irv in Ind 
IO 
7*4 
6 H Is ra e iD 
75e 

4 H 
4+a 
4' a ■ 
37+4 
37’ a 
37+8+- 
37 
37 
I 
54' 7 
54' 2 
11 
4*4 
4' 2 
4 

37 
54' ?— 
4*4 4- 
6 
337 a 
33+4 
33*8— 
13' 2 
12*4 
13+? + 
3+? 
3+? 
3+; 
8 1oo4 
26+a 
25+o 
257o— 
* 4 
3 H 
4 
4 U 
6 H 
IV? 

3 *4 
4 
5+4 
6 jb 
1+o 
12 
+o 9 16 
47 
7 
6H 
1o417 16 
5o 
2 '* 
2' 
368 
19U 
18+a 
29 
2 H 
2 
64 
1 2U 
11*o 
/IO 
SO 
SO 
78 
I U 
I U 
Ha 
1*4 
7 U 
7 V? 
U l l - 16 
7*s 
6 '/? 
1+o 
I U 

14 
28 
642 
43 
33 
62 

3 + o - 
4 
. 
5*4 + 
6*8 + 
IU . I 
+o + 1 1 6 
A7 a 
1*o17 1 6 + 3 16 
2 U — 
19+s— 
2*o + 
1 1 + o - 
5o 
I U . 
17/o + 
7 U + 
U + 
7 U + 
1+8 + 
15U 
14*o 
U U 

153 
73 
4o 
292 

3 '? 
12*8 
2+4 
2*8 
15U 
7 + 2 

3+4— 
12 
— 
2+o + 
2 U . . . 
15 
- 
67o + 

3' 8 
12 I'/? 
2*4 
15 
6+? 
29 
IO U 
IO U 
1o*'2 + 
14 
I*® 
Iva i u + 
234 
227 a 
2o 
2o' ?— 
1813 1611 1613 16 + 1 16 
317 
18*a 
17+a 
18U + 
22*o 
2o+a 
22 
1+4 
1*4 
95 
2o' 2 
2o+a 
2oU + 
169 
5+o 
47o 
5U -+ 
175 
7 U 
6+4 

IU 

+ 1*4 
1+a— 
'a 

7 U + 
15 
1o8 
21U 
197a 
2 1 U + 2 
7 
4o 
14 
5 
53 
4 

8+a 
16*4 
5*o 
7+2 

8 
16U 
4 U 
7*4 

8 
16*7— 
5 
— 
71/4. . . 

J 
K 
L 

4 7o 
U ' 
+o 
I n u 
5+4 

4U 
22' ? 
5 
14*4 
9 H 
2+4 
2U 
9+8 
AH 
2o 
15 U 
2o+8 n u 
19' a 

4 
M P O 
3 
6+a M W A 
.4o 24 
I l l 16 M a c ro d 
3 
17’ ? 
15H M eP bS 
1.4o 
6 
4 U M a m o th 
3o 14 
3+8 M n g o o d 
4+4 M a n h L fe 
28 
8 
4 U M a n s fT 
o2r 
4 
I U 13 16 M a r in d q 
18*8 
15+b M a rk C tl 
.28 
6+b M a rle n e 
4' ? M a rs h F d 
, 
, 
, „ 
6+4 M a rs h ln 
^ 
26+b 
18' a M a rtP r .4o 
11*4 
8 *o 
M a s ln d 4oa 
4o' 2 
35 M a s n e iln 
AO 
3+a M a s te r s 
5 
4 
4+a 
8 ' v M a te r Re 
28 IO 
171 
U U 
3*4 M a u l B r 
U b 
6 
41 
4' e 
9 16 5 
16 M c C ro r y w t 
17 7 16 
2 U M c C u iO 
2475 
3 U 
16 
M c ln ts h 
84 
8 
68 
2o*8 
3*8 M c Keon 
9 
211 
5 
12' ? M e a ns F I o8 
7 
31 
7*8 M e d a ls ! 
44 
6 
54 
I '? M e d a lnG p 
18 
16 
V ? M e d co Jw 
13 
6 
8*o M edenco 
28 
6 
257 
SU M e d fie ld 
4 
19 
16 
M e d ia G n 
4o 
8 
157 
8+a M e g o ln t 
2o 
3 
255 
1o+a 
16'a M E M C o 
I 
6 
16 
8+o M e te x 
.3o 
4 
36 
14+o M e tp th 
14 
37 
15+4 
1H 15 16 M e tro c a r 
17 
I U 
2*4 
I 
M e tro G rt 
5 
4 H 
3 U M ic h G e n 
4 
93 
12H 
IO'8 M ichS ug 
I 
7 
94 
O' ? 
4 H M ic k lb ry 
16 
4 
24 
5+a 
4+8 
M id ld C o 
IO 12 
6 n u 
1o*8 
M id lG Is 28 
6 x5 
7*4 
6+8 
M ille r 
H 
7 
3 
27+4 
19+b 
M ille rW o 6o 9 
16*4 
12' ? M ilR o y 
25 8 
J 
1+b M is s n lT 
I 16 I 64 M is s n lT w t 
46+b 
3V / M o P fc R I 46 
8 

Sales 
(hd» ) H ig h la w 
N e t la s t C hg 
157 
6*4 
A U 
6*4 
18 
7 U 
7*4 
771 A 
*o 
33 
A U 
6 
A U + 
'o 
233 
7 H 
A U 
7*o + u 
4 
6+2 
6 *8 
6*o— 
•o 
3o 
3 
J U 
2 U 
68 
5*4 
S U 
5+4 — u 
4o 
2 U 
2*4 
2*4. 
2o 
18*4 
18U 
18*4 
862 
8 U 
7 U 
8 
+ u 
49 
H U 
13U 
14 
— 
1/4 
1o8 
3*4 
3 H 
3 U 
33 
21*o 
TOU 
2 o *4 - 
*4 
14 
4 U 
4 
4 
_ 
Va 
87 
3*4 
3+4 
3*4 A u 
27 
1+4 
I 
1+4 + 
U 

 s i - O 
29 
A u 
A 
6 
12 
6 U 
AU 
6U 
59 
U 
*4 13 16+ I 
16 l l 
17' 2 
IA H 
1 7 H + 
'/? 
412 
8*4 
8U 
8U 
4 
4 U 
4+4 
4*o + 
U 
67 
5 U 
5 
5 U + 
Va 
24 
6 
5 U 
6 
155 
U 1 3 16 u — 1 16 
168 
16' 2 
15+2 
1 5U 
U 
48 
7+4 
6 U 
67o— 
*4 
2 
5 
5 
5 
9 
6*2 
A U 
6' ? 
117 
22*4 
21U 
22*o + 
'* o 
38 
11+4 l l l l 
+ 
*8 
65 
4o*7 
3 9 's 
4o+2 + 
I U 
4*o 
4+o. 
1 o + 8 
12 
3*4 
+8 
3 

IU 
3 U 
U — 3 16 
3 U + 
*4 

12U 
12' ? 
7 U 
7+e 

19' ? 
2o+o + 
« '? 
4+o-- 

1*4 
1*7 
9+o 
6+8 
17 

1+o 
1*7 
9' a 
6+4 
16+o 
8*4 
19*4 
19+a 
1 9 + 8 - 
8*4 
8+? 
8*4 + 
15 
I U 
17o 
3V? 

12*4 
7*4— 
1 + o - lH 
. 
9*o + 
AU 
16U + 
9 U + 

17o 
3*4 
1o+o 
IO' a 
5 
4+o 
4*4 
4+8 u + o n u 
6+o 
'6+8 

15 
- 
I U . .. 
I U — 
3+'?— 
1o*8— 
5 
+ 
4*4. 
11*o + 
6+o 
317 
24+8 
23+8 
24*o+ 
+o 
12U 
13 
1+8 
1*o- 
1 I 64 I 64 I 64 
46 
46*o 
44+4 
44*4— 1+8 

13*4 
I U 

49' ? 
35’ ? M itc h lE 
12 
IO 
7o9 
43*8 
397a 
397'» - I U 
31*4 
3o+8 
3o+a 
9 U 
8+o 
9 'a + 
5 U 
5+a 
5o' 

6' a 
5+o 

31*4 
3o+o M itc h lE w i 
28 
IO U 
7+b M ite C p 
2o 
8 
78 
7 H 
5 * . M d M a id 
1or 
4 
21 
5*o 
4 U M o n M g f 
4o 
5 
5 
52 
49 M onP p f4 4o /19o 
51+4 
12+8 
IO'4 M oog 
AO 6 
16 
11*4 ll'/? 
6+a 
5*8 M tg G th 
48e 33 
19 
SH 
5*4 
6 U 
4U M o rto n s 
.32 4 x 64 
47o 
4 H 
5 
3*4 M o tt SM 
o8 
6 
16 
4*4 
4*e 
17+b 
14*4 M tV M il I 2o 
6 
U U 
14U 
H U 
H U 
7 U M o v S ta r 
44 
6 
17 
2 
I U M o v ie la b 
7 
25 
5 
4*o M u lti A m 
2o 
9 
1 4 
8*4 
7+o N apco lOe 
6 
19 
SH 
3 
N a rd a M 
2o 39 l l 
24H 
187« N a! CSS 
2o 7x158 
2o 
6 7b 
5 H N D is tr 
16 
4 
8 
6+2 
4+b N a tH lth E 
6 
37 
7a 
' 
Na t In d w t 
265 7 16 
27o 
17a N K in n e y 
71 
2U 
12' ? 
6 ' j N IP a ra g 4o 
5 
285 
8+o 
12'? 
8 *4 N t Pa te n t 
25 
745 l l 
4+2 
3*4 N tS ilv e r 
15e 
4 
21 
4+2 
5+a 
2*4 N tS pinn g 
17 
6 
5 '7? 
AH 
37b N atS yst 
1oe 
7 
279 
6+4 
13+a 
IO 
N a tw H o 
36 
6 
IO 
5 U 
3'.1 N e isn er 
I 
1*4 
H a N e lly Don 
12 
Ha 
3 '? 
I U N elson 
L B l l 
38 
3*4 
17s 
I U N e s tL M 
25 
IO 
I U 
31 + 4 
25H N E N u c lr .5o 
IO x l7 26' 2 
17+4 
12U N H a m p 
AO 
9 
14 147o l 7a 
I 
N ld ria 
o4e 
7 
168 
1+4 

*4 

IO 
1*4 
4*o 
SU 
3 U 

6 
SU 

9 U 
I U 
4+o 
8 
3’ a 
19’ '4 
5+o 
5+2 
+o 
2 
A U 
1o+4 
4*4 
SU 
5 
1o*o 
1o+a 
4 U 
47b 
1+4 
3 
I * 

6 
5*o + 
51 
+ 
11+o + 
5 U 
41/j— 

4*o + 

IO 
I U ........... 
4+o— 
' 4 
8 *4 + 
U 
3'e 
19+4— 
+4 
5+4— 
' i 
5' 1— 
Va 
*8 ........ 
2 
— 
+8 
8+2+ 1*4 
1o*o+ 
Va 
4*4 
51/4— t/4 
6 
+ I 
IO U— 
U 
4 U ......... 
V o — 
U 
3 
1+2— 
257b 
26' 4— 
14+4 
I4 U + 
I U 
1+i 
36H 
247 e N M e x A r 

7*4 
5*4 Ja c ly n 
4o 
5 
49 
6 
SU 
5*8— 
1/4 
27 
14’ 8 
1o*4 
Jacobs 
.4o 
6 
227 
13'2 
12H 
12^o + 
' 8 
23*4 
12 
8 7b J a m sw v 
o5r 
4 
196 
IO U 
IOU 
1 o+ 4- u 
23U 
12*8 
IO U 
Jeannet 
.4o 
6 
28 
11+'4 
IOU 
11+8 + 
H 
137s 
3*8 
2*8 Je tro m c 
8 
4o 
2*8 
2*8 
2' ? + 
Vt 
25 U 
87e 
AU 
JohnP d 
36 
14 
88 
6 U 
6*8 
A U + 
+4 
2 
4+4 
3 
J u n ip e rP 
J u p ite r 
13 
183 
3 U 
3 
3 U . . 
3*4 
7 
4 H 
4 
9 
6*8 
6 U 
6*8. . 
5*o 
5 U 
4 U 
K Tel In 
45e 
4 
19 
4*4 
4*o 
4 U - 
' 'o 
8 
19 
14*4 
K a is rln 
26e 9 1o51 
18 
17U 
17U— 
'o 
3o U 
5 
3*8 
K a n e M il! w t 
34 
3 U 
3 U 
3 U + 
Va 
287o 
54 
5o 
K nG E of4 5o 
Z6o 
54 
53*o 
54 
+ 
Vt 
16' 8 
5 U 
4 
K a p o k f 
I Or 
6 
24 
4+4 
4 
4+4 + 
Vt 
15*8 
7*4 
4 U 
K ayC p 
2o 
7 
IO 
7+a 
7 
7 
. 
. 
5 U 
9*4 
6*4 
K e n w in 
38 
5 l l 
8+4 
6 
8 
— 
' Vt 
17*b 
8 
5*2 
K etch m lOr 
5 
84 
6*4 
5 U 
5 U — 
Va 
3*4 
43' 7 
3o'? 
K ew anee 
72 
12 19o4 
41 u 
38 U 
41U + 
3*o 
15 
9*4 
6*4 
K e y s tln d 
3o 
6 
55 
BU 
8+4 
8 U — 
+8 
2' ? 
2H 
I U 
K id de w t 
I 
I U 
I U 
I U . 
5*8 
2H 
V 2 K in A rk i i 
994 
2+? 
2'.o 
2'/?+ u 
U 
2U 
1+2 K in gO p t 
33 
2 
1+i 
1*8— 
Va 
7*4 
SU 
6 * b K in q R d 
2oe 
6 
IO 
7 
A U 
A U — 
Va 
8 
37H 
TOU K irb y E x l l 
5o2 
33*? 
3o+? 
32 
+ 
I U 
27e 
6*8 
37a K it M fg 
7 
49 
4 U 
4 U 
4 U — 
Va 
9'o 
4 U 
3 
K leer VU 
7 
9 
3'o 
3 
3 
— 
Va 
12' ? 
7*4 
6 
K le in e rts 
6 
7 
6+8 
6 
6 
— 
*o 
2o 
18U 
13' ? K nickT O y 
IO 3457 
18+4 
17U 
177/o— 
Va 
18 
14*4 
K o llm r 
36 
9 
36 
15U 
U U 
15U + 
* o 
7*8 
6 
K u h n S tr 
15 
3 
85 
A U 
6 
6 +4— 
Vt 
9 7b 
37s 
2*4 
L S B In d 
IOT 
5 
53 
3+2 
3*o 
3 U — 
Vt 
IU l l 16 
*4 L T V C orp w t 
4o2 
Va 
*o 
+4 + 
Vt 
17U 
3 U 
2*8 La B arge 
o6 
IS 
52 
2 U 
2 U 
2 U + 
Va 
2 U 
4 U 
3*4 
L a M a u r 
2o 
9 
25 
4 
3 U 
3 * 8 - 
Vt 
5 U 
5*4 
4 U 
L a P o in t 
2oe 
9 
IO 
5+8 
4 U 
5+8 . 
15+2 
IO U 
8 *o L a Q u in ta 
I 
65 
9 Va 
SU 
9 U — 
Va 
12U 
9' j 
6 
L a fy R a d 
26 68 
145 
AH 
6 
6*o— 
Vt 
17+4 
2 U 
2 
L a k e S h o r l l 
1o6 
2+821 1621 16— I •16 
7U 
I 7b 
1+4 
L n d m rk 
13 
38 
I'/? 
IV? 
1+2. . l l 
T H 
2 
L a T o u rB 
8 
73 
2+4 
2 Vt 
2+4 + 
U 
12+8 
1o*8 
8*e Lea Ron 
4oa 
7 
62 
IO U 
9 U 
1o*o + 
U 1 1o7U 
IH S 
9 U LeathC o 
SO 
7 
16 io n 
1o*o 
1o+2 + 
Va 
89+2 
28U 
2o*4 
L e e E n tr 
6o l l 
41 
23*? 
22 U 
22U — 
Vt 
29*o 
2*b 
I U Lee N a tl 
26 
I U 
I U 
I U 
U U 
4 H 
3*4 
Lee R i a r 
6 
34 
4 U 
3 U 
4+2+ 
Vt 
I U 
8 
5 U L e h ig h P r 
6 
51 
8 
A U 
8 
+ 
1+4 
18U 
14' R 
U H 
Leig h Pd ^ 6o 
6 l l s 
12+4 
7 . 
12+4 + 
Va 
3 U 

1o7s 8+e N P ro c 
63e 
9 
84 
19H 15' ? N Y T im e s 
AO 
9 634 
9 
N e w b E n 
4ob 
6 141 
16' ? N e w co r lb 
8 
6 
4 H N e w p rk 
8 
614 
1+4 N exus 
U t 
5 
127a N ia q F S v 
56 
4 
4 
N ic h o ls 
27t 
4 
2*4 N o e l In d 
4 
3+? N olex 
35 
2' ? N o rte k 
o4 l l 
U N o A m M t w ! 
16H 12+o N or A m R 
.1o 
8 
9+e 
7+4 N orC dnO 
6 
52 
N IP S p f 
4 25 
2 
N ovoC p 
4 
N u c lD fa 
8 1o5 
IO 
N u m a cO 
19 229 
3 U O E A In c 
2o 
7 
9 
O a k w d H 
12e 
4 
IS H O ffs h o re 
4 
5*4 O h io A rt 
24a 
A 
45 * 4 
37'a O hioB 
2 
5 
9 U 
7*4 O hS ealy 
48 
8 
7*a O tla ln d 
4oe 
5 
17 
O nL in eS 
12 
32*4 O O kiep 
1* 4 O r rn and 
12*4 O S u llvn 
6o 
6 * b O utd rS p 
2o 
3 '8 O vers Sec 
1*8 O x fo rd F t 
3* b O zark A lOe 

125 
32 
33*4 
32+o 
32*o— 
U 

2o*4 
21H 
7U 
He 
15 7a 
5*o 
3' a 
6*8 
3*8 
7 16 

56' J 
3+4 
13’ 8 
13H 
4*8 
11*8 
19 
7'e 

1o*8 
22*4 
39 
3 H 
16’ ? 
8 H 
3 H 
2*8 
4*8 

18+? 
18+o 
18 
7+4 
6 *o 

9 U 
8+a 
9 'a + 
18U 
18U 
187o+ 
17 
17+o— 
18*8+ 
6*4 + 
1*o 
1*8 
. 
26 
13*o 
12U 
127e— 
13 
5+a 
5+4 
5*o. 
2+4 
3 H 
2+8 

16 
H e 

2+? 
4 
3 

 ie 
87 
49 
79 
+o 
1o7 
15 
378 
9+o 
ZI 5o 
53 
7 
2'o 

2*8. 
. 
37o + 
2 U — 

13' ? 
13*4— I 
8+b 
8 * 8 - 
U 
52 
52 
- 1 
2+4 
2 '+ ........... 
IO U 
IO U — 
+o 
11+o 
1o+a l l 
3+? 
3 H 
3+?+ 

11*4 

IO 
17' 2 
6' ? 
42 
9+e 
8U 
18*4 
12 Z4oo 
33' ? 
32*4 
8 
312 
3 H 
2+4 
13*4 
13*? 
8 *o 
“ 

9*4 
17'o 
AH 
41*4 
S U 
7 U 
17+8 

13 
36 
7 
42 
1o2 

3' B 
2 

8 ' b 
3+8 
I U 
3*4 

9*o 
*o 
17*o— 
18 
6 H ......... 
42 
+ +8 
8 7 8— 
1/4 
8 '8 + 
+8 
17*o- 
I 
33 
— +4 
3*8-* I 
I S U — 
1/4 
8 +4 + 
U 
3 'a ......... 
17o— 
U 
4 a- 1/4 

2 
H a P F In d 
*a 1 1 6 P N B M R w t 
187a 
IA H P G E p f A 1.5o 
17’ ., 
15’ a P G E p fB I 37 
16 
14+4 P G E p fC 1.25 
157 a 
14 
P G E p fD 125 
15' ? 
14’ b P G E p f E 1.25 
147 8 
13 
P G E p fG 12o 
27’ 8 
26's P G E p fV 2.32 

P - Q - K 
1o1 
H a 
I U 
I U — 
17 I 16 I 16 I 16 

3o+j 
31 
27*4 P G E p fT 2 54 
28U P G E p fS 2.62 
137e 
12*8 P G E p fH 
I 12 
29 
26U P G E p tR 2 37 
25*8 
23*8 P G E p fP 2 o5 
22*4 P G E p fO 
2 
22 
P G E p fM 1.96 
25 
P G E p fL 2.25 
22*.< P G E p fK 
2.o4 
277 a 
25*4 P G E p f J 2.32 
13+s 
12+8 P G E p f I I o9 
18+4 
11+a P H o ldg 
16 
8 
21*4 
15’ ? P H o ld p f I 2o 
52'4 
48' 4 P a c L t pf4.36 
54'a 
5oU P a c L t pf4.5o 
/ 
57*« 
52+4 P a c L t pf4.75 
19H 
18U P N w T e l 1.32 
9 
57 
P a c P L p f 
5 
29+? Pa 11 C orp 
8o 13 
U Pa lo rn rF 
3' i P a n d e lB 
4 
4*8 P a n ta st 
.3o 
7 
4 H P a ra P k 
2o IO 
IO U P arkC h 
48a 
6 
2 * b P a rk E I 
1oe 
27*8 
21*8 P arsons 
8o 
6 
3'a 
V J P a t Fash 
5 
4 
P atagon 
8 
AH P atoC 
1.2oe 
4 
13+4 P e b b lB 
6o 
7 x25 
5*8 P e e rT u 
24 
8 
5 
6' ? P e m co r 
2o 
5 x 74 
9 '« Pen E M 
7o 
6 
46 
337a 
27*4 P e n T r 
1.4o 
7 
7 
5’ a 
3*8 P E C p 
84t 
4 161 
14*8 lH e Pen RI E 1.15 IO 
64 
5 's 
3*4 
PenobS 2oe 
7 
I 
H a 
H P e n tro n 
6 
36 
24'4 
19*4 P epB oys lb 
6 
2 
17' 4 
U H P epC om 6o 
4 
13 
8 *4 
7’ b P e rin i 
3oa 
4 122 
87b 
6+b P erte c 
8 
237 
21*o 
U H P e tro L e 

25 
2 4 'o 
27 
25' i 

63' ? 
36V. 
1*4 
5*4 
6 
5+o 
12 
3' 

7 
9 *8 
15H 
AU 
IOU 
12*a 

6*4 P h ilL D 
,63r 
2 
P h o e n ix 
7+? P ic N P a y 
2o 
1*8 P ie d n w f 
H a P io n e e rs 
7 '? Pion Tex 
8o 
6 ’ a P itW V a 
56a 
7 
293 

4 
46 
168 
6 
21 
IO 
32 
6 
82 

3*8 
IO’ 2 
2*8 
2+4 
1o*8 
7+8 
32 
23 
P itD M I 2oa 
5 
.IOU 
34*4 P ittw a y I 2o 
9 
93 
6 
P ia n tln d 
1171358 
IO 
P la n trn 
o8 
12x224 
4 U 
P ly G em 
2oe 
5 
18 
2 'b 
P ly m R A 
25 
2 
I U P ly m R B 
29 
5 
IO7a 
P neuSca 8o 
9/15oo 
2*« P oloron 
34 286 
6*8 P o ly c h r 
2o 
8 
133 
8 * b 
P ra irie O 
15 
1o9 
12*b 
P ra ttL m b 
I 
8 
23 
5*8 
P ra ttR d 
.3o 
6 
17 
21'4 
P re n Ha 1.12 l l 417 
H a 
P re s R tB 
7 
9' i P re sle y 

9*8 
13*4 
5*8 
2*4 
2*8 
15 
3*4 
9 7e 
IV ? 
157 8 
AH 
24+4 
2*4 
17’ a 
U H 
2 H 
12*8 
1o*8 
27s 
47o 
5 1 7 
9’ 8 
3U 
6 U 
A1? 
7U 
H a 
2'4 

12*8 P re sto n 
7o 7 
27 
2 
P rim M t 
12t 7 
6 
H U P rp C T I 
2oe IO 
42 
9*8 P ro vG a s 
8o 6 
15 
H e P rd R IE 
.2o 79 
28 
3 H P ru d B d g 
24 5 
8 
3 U P ru d G p 
6 'b P u lte H 
2*o P un taG 

37 
21 
6 
12o 
13 
48 
47o P urep ac 
o6e l l 
32 
5' 1 Q uebecor 
2oe 
5 IO 
6+8 R B Ind 
o8e 
5 
51 
I U R E D M 
5 
12 
H a R E T 
.. 
114 
45'? 
4 2H R E T p f 4.38 
5' 
1 7 8 
2 
13*8 
4+o 
9 H 
21U 
24 
1 5 'e 
IU 
AU 
36 
3' B 
16'a l l 
21 
2*4 
3 
77o 
137/e 
2 
19 
2*4 

4 U RH M ed 
1*8 R P S P d 
1*o R S C lnd 

37o Racon 
2oa 
5 
13 
6 *o R a g a n B 
15e 
5 
72 
15*8 R anch E x 
29 3o4 
17*4 R a n g rO 
44 
237 
11*o R a nsb rg 
8o 
7 
*4 R a p d A m w* 
31 2 R a thR 
21+4 R a y m P .57e 
16 
I 
R eading 
14' ? Real E s ! I 2o 
14 
9 H R tln c T I 15e 
8 
I 8+o R ltR e f 2.15e 
IO 
2 U R e d la w 
21 
7 
1*4 R eevesT 
23 
22 
6 
R e fr ig T r 
A 1o8 
87o Regal B 
52 
IO 
31 
13 16 R e lG rp w t 
. 
13*4 R em A r 
,8oa 
1*o R ep H o us 
U R e p M tln w t 

2o2 
7 i n 
24 

5 
18 
14x451 
8 
85 

24+o Rep N Y 
17*o R e schC tl 
o8 
I 8+2 R e s is tflx 
AO 
B U R e s rts A 
19 3o82 
17 
R e s rts B 
34/77oo 
I U Rest Asse 
61 
2 ' b 
R e x N o re 
38 
3 
R ib le t Pd 
46 
77 
57S R ic h to n 
.3o 3 
64 
157o R ile y C o 
9 
33o 
24+e R io A lg m 
I 9 
47 
Risdon 
.4o 
IO 
141 

17*o 
17+4 
177o + 
U 
15U 
15'o 
15' o — 
Va 
14+2 
14+? 
14+2— 
Vt 
14' 7 
U U 
H U — u 
147o 
U U 
14U + 
Va 
7 
UM 
14 
14 
27 
26*o 
2 6U — 
’ Va 
297o 
28*4 
28*o— 
+8 
3o*4 
29'o 
29' 2 .. 
13U 
12*4 
12U— 
Va 
28 
26U 
27U + 
'o 
23U 
2 3U 
23*o— 
Va 
24 
23+s 
23*o— 
Vt 
23U 
2 2U 
2 2 * o - 
I 
25+7 
25*? 
25’ ?— 
*o 
24+2 
2 3 'e 
23+3— 
+2 
27 
26U 
27 
- u 
12U 
12U 
12U + 
' 8 
17U 
16*4 
16'4— u 
21U 
21 
21U + u 
5 oH 
49' ? 
49"?— 
I 
53 
52 
52 
56 
54+2 
54+?. 
19U 
19 
19 
— u 
57 
57 
57 
— 2 
36U 
35U 
36+4 + u 
I U 
I 
V a - 
Va 
4 
3 U 
37o 
5 H 
SU 
5*4— 
*4 
5*4 
5+8 
5 *4.. 
12 
H U 
1 1 *o - 
Vt 
2*8 
2 U 
2+?.. 
26*8 
25U 
26 
2' ? 
2 U 
2 * 8 - 
U 
67a 
A U 
6 U — 
+4 
8 U 
77o 
8 
— 
*4 
15H 
15 
15' ? + u 
6+4 
A 's 
AH. 
9' 2 
9 '8 
9' ?•+ 
"'/a 
12*4 
12 
12+4 
32 U 
3 2U 
3 2 U - 
+4 
3*8 
3+? 
3 U + 
' 8 
12U 
H U 
117/8— 
7o 
37o 
378 
37-8- 
Vt 
I 
7/o 
7o— 
Vt 
21U 
2 1U 
21U . . 
17 
16U 
17 
+ 
Va 
*7/o 
7’ 8 
7 U + 
Vt 
67/o 
6 U 
6*8 
Va 
T IU 
19*o 
21 
+ 
I U a 
7 U 
8 
+ u 
2 H 
2+4 
2+4. 
8+8 
7 H 
77o— 
*o 
I'? 
I U 
I U . 
I U 
I *4 
1 U - u 
8U 
8 
8 
7U 
6+2 
6 U - u 
26U 
25+7 
2 5 U - 
' 
37 
36' ? 
37 
+ 
Va 
9*o 
7 U 
9 U + 
I 
I I H l l 
11+8 
4U 
4 U 
4U 
2*4 
2+4 
2*4. . 
2 
2 
2 
— 
+8 
15 
14 
U U + u 
3 U 
2 7o 
3*o— 
Va 
9 U 
S U 
8 U — 
Vt 
97/a 
8 U 
9+? + 
7 8 
137o 
13 
13U + u 
5 U 
5 U 
5U . . 
22 Va 
21U 
21U — 
U 
2 U 
2+7 
2 * ? - 
+o 
15U 
12*? 
13 
- 
2 U 
H U 
14 
14+8— 
*4 
2+8 
2*8 
2+o. . 
H U 
H U 
11U+- 
*4 
IO U 
9*4 
1o*8 + 
VB 
2H 
2 U 
2 * o - u 
37o 
3*4 
37o + 
*4 
4 U 
4 U 
4 U + 
Vt 
9 
S U 
87o. 
3+4 
3 
3 'o + 
'+o 
6+4 
5 7o 
6 
+ 
Va 
6 
6 
6 
+ 
*8 
7 U 
7 
7 U + 
*8 
V ? 
I U 
1+2 + 
*o 
I U 
I U 
I U — 
'8 
44'/, 
44 
44' 2. . 
5*2 
SVt 
5 *2 + 
Vt 
IV? 
1+2 
I U . 
IU 
I U 
I U . . 
1 3U n u 
13' 2 + 
1*4 
4 
3 U 
37/8- 
Vt 
7*8 
AU 
7+4 + u 
217o 
2o'<4 
21U + 
+4 
22*8 
21+? 
2 2 U + 
*o 
15 
13U 
U U + u 
1*8 
I 
I 
3 U 
3' ? 
' 3 ''?— 
‘ i i 
347/s 
28 U 
3o+8— 47o 
2 U 
27o 
27o . 
H U 
H U 
U U . 
1o7o 
IO U 
1oU + u 
2oH 
2 oU 
2o+7. . 
2 H 
2+? 
2+7. . 
2+7 
2V? 
2+?. 
77o 
67o 
7 Va. 
127o 
12U 
127o + u 
IV * 
I 
I 
— u 
18 
16*4 
177o + 
Va 
2'2 
2 U 
2 U 
7 3 16 
Vt 3 16 + 1 16 
25 U 
25 
25*4 + 
1/4 
23 U 
21U 
22 
- 
Vt 
23'o 
22*4 
22U — 
Va 
1 3U 
IO '? 
13*4 + 
3*4 
2 5 U 
18*2 
247o + 
6+? 
IU 
I U 
1 U + 
Va 
2 U 
2 '? 
2 U + 
U 
3 U 
3 U 
3 U + u 
AV? 
6 *o 
6 *b— 
Va 
3 o'? 
277,o 
3o*? + 
2*4 
27 U 
267o 
27 
— 
I 
157/s 
U U 
H U — 
1*4 
13+2 
12*4 
13*2 + 
7o 

Y early 
M iqh le w 
IOU 
7*4 
12 
3+8 
7*o 
77o 
2*8 
2V 8 

7 H S au n drL 
6 m S che'bE 
56 v 
8 *o S che n uit 
TO 
5 
2+a S ch ille r 
26 
6*b School P 
4o 
5+4 S chrad er 
3o 
7 
I U Sci M a t 
o9e 
13 
16 
Sc I A tta 
12 12 

Soles 
N e t 
(hds I H ig h Low lo s t Chg a 
(iv- 
OIH 
Va 
9 H a** 
IV ? 
2*4 
6 * 4 
6 
2 
19 

8' ? 
6*o l l 
2*o 
6*o 
SU 
J 

8+o*- 
6*4 + 
1Vo— 
2*8 
6 * o - 
5+?— 
2 le u 
18U + 
*4 
36*o 
24U Scope In 
5oe 5/15oo 
34 U 32U 
3 3 U * 
U U 
12*8 S c riv n e r 
7o 4 
2 
12+b u 
» Jf. 
2o*8 
16’ ? S c u rry R 
9 
2 
8’ a S b d A lM il 
4o 4 
3 
2*4 S ea lctro 
U 
74 
*4 S eaport 
9 
53 
3' 2 S eaprt pf 56 
/25o 
2 H S e a rs ln d 
9 
IO 
S easnAII 
26 14 
89 
2 'b S e c M tq ln 

IO 
4 
I U 
6'a 
4 U 
25 
3'a 
5 16 
6 *4 
1+8 
5+8 
6+8 
87a 
9*o 
4'a 
14+4 
9 H 
2+8 
SH 

3+4 
1+o 
57o 
3 U 

3 
Va 
5 U * 
3 

162 
Sec M f In w t 
SU SelasCp 
3o 
7 
I 
Se! ig Asse 
4 H S em tch 
18t 
9 
5 
S e rvisco 
3o 
5 
4 
S ervo 
9 
7’ a SefonCo 
45 
7 
3 's ShaerS 
25e 
7 
U U S haron 
I 
7 
8+4 S h a w ln 
5ob 
9 
1*4 S h e ltrR 
6+? ShndCp 
24t 
6 
28+? 
2o' ? ShenanO 
16 
3 
2 H S h o p w e ll 
IO 
19 
15*4 Showbot 
I 
6 
3 
I 
S h u lm T r 
BU 
5 H S ie rrc in 
2o 
8 
IOU 
9*8 S ifc o ln d 
5o 
5 
IO+.1 
6 *o S igm a 
26e 
3'8 
2*b SikesC p A 
9 'b 
A H S ilo Inc 
4 
37o 
2 H Sim coS 
25b 13 l l 
8* r S im k in s 
8o 
6 
3 U 
I ’a S im p le x 
21 
2*4 
17s S o litro n 
1o7 b 
8* 4 Sender Br 32 
4 
6 *o 
4’ 8 Sorq 
Paper 
15*4 
H U Soundsn 
oo 
9+4 
13+4 
13*4 
13*4 
15+? 
24 
19' 4 
17'? 
28' 

16' 2 
16' ? 16*?— 
9*4 
9*o 
9*o— 
J U 
1 
S U 
. - 
3 
21*o 
2o*4 2o7o- 
2+7 
2+ 4 
2 + ? + 
48 5 32 
+o 5 32 
56 
6+b 
5*a 
B U 'f­ l u 
1 U + 
5 
5 '? + 
SU 
5+4. 
■ 
5 
5 
- 
8+? 
8 + ? ... 
3 U 
3' 8 
12'o 
12+o F 
8+o 
9 
A- 
2 
J U - 
. 
77o 
8U + 
87 
23*o 
22*o 22*o-- I 
15 
2H 
2*o 
2U + 
177o 
18'a 
1*o 
IU . ... 
71/4 
7 * 4 - 
9 *o 
9*b 
1o+a 
1o+4 IO '? * 
2 U 
2*o 
27o+ 
7*o 
3' ? 
IO 
2*o 
1*o 
9 
6+4 

18 
33 
12 
7 
8 x45 
46 
I 
45 
36 
3 
66 
74 
63 l l 
62 

IV? 
5+7 
5*o 
5+e 
8*o 
3+8 
12+8 
9 U 
2+e 
8*8 

18+8 
1+o 
7*o 
9+o 

7*o 
3 U + 
IO 
3 
+ 
17'e— 
9 
— 
6+o- 

8 
SoestCap 
8o 5o x 35 
12 
SC E d pf I o2 
12U SCEo p fl o6 
12+4 SC E d pf I o8 
13+? SCEd p f I 19 
2o' ? SCEd p fl 68 
167o SCEd p fl HS 
16 
SCEd pf 1.3o 
26+8 SCEd pf2,3o 
27' ? 
25' j SCEd pf2.21 
95 
88' ? SCEd pf7 58 
1o4‘ 4 IOO 
SCEd p f8 7o 
1o7 
1o1 
SCEd p ts 96 
22*8 
18*4 S w s fA irl 
.28 
A 
5 H 
4 'i S w tG F 'n 
2o 
4 
H U 
9*4 S pa rte k 
4o 
8 
7 U 
5' B Spec 11 y R 
5 
8 *b 
AU S pector 
1oe 33 
5 
37/e S pe ctre 
I2t 
4 
1U11 16 S p e iz n in 
4*o 
2+? S pencer 
o8e 
7 
4' ? S pencrF 
o8j 
4 
57/a S plen tex 
48 
7 
4+b St af f rd L 
5 
5+o StdC ont 
15r 
4 
14 
StdCoosa .9o 
5 
3 
S td M e tl 

5 
12 
39 
39 
/25o 
24 
184 

11*8 
11*o + 
87o 
9 
A 
12*o 
12+o+ 

13+4 
15+8 

7*4 
6+B 
6-H 
6+4 
16H 
47o 
H U 
8*4 Std Pac Cp 
2o 4 
179 
1o7o 

V t 
37/8 
IO 
3+a 
2 
9*4 
6+4 
11*4 
9 '4 n u 
- 
12+o 12' ? n u — 
12+B 
12*4— +4 
14 u 
— Vt 
23+? 
24 
IO U 
17 
18*8+ ’o i n 
17'? 
17+4 
17+?......... 
26 
27*4 27+4 
27 Va— 
+? 
74 
27 
257-8 
26'4— 
H 
4 
92 
9o+? 
9o*?— 2 U 
3 
1o2+4 1o2Va 
1o2*o— IU 
4o 
1o4*8 
1o3 1 o4 *o- *4 
142 
2o*4 19*4 
2o 
— 
*o 
4+o 
4+o 
*o 
1o+o 
IO U — 18 
6+o 
7 
+ *o 
6'/? 
6+o+ ' B 
4+o 
4 Mb— 
*o 
715 1613 1615 1 6 + 
+8 
15 
2 U 
2*4 
2*4- 
4*4 
57o 
4+8 
S U 
16*o 157/e 
16*o + 
4*o 

5 
1o*8 
7+8 
6*4 
4*o 

5 
AU 
5+e 
5*4 

4 *4 + 
Va 
6 
5 
— 
+4 
5 V?— 
+8 

25'.1 
2o*b S td P ro d I 4o 
4 
IO 
23+; 
1211 16 

4 
4+8 + 
1o,74 
IO*-?. 
23+8 
23*4 + 
+o 
+o 
Vt 

6' ? Stange 
5*4 S tanA v l l 
S tar Sup 
I 
S ta rd u st 

U H 
6*8 
12*8 
1+4 
17' ? 
8' ? 
A U St eel m f 
22' ? 
15*8 StepnCh 
I 
S te rl E l 
2* b S te rlE x t 
He 
3 
5*8 
12*8 
SH 
I >B 
4U 
23* b 
IOU 
IS H 
V ? 
17' ? 
4' 2 
8 H 
8 
5' .1 

7+b S tru tW 
4 
SueAnn 
'4 S u m m it 
3*4 S u n C ity l 
IA U S unE lec 
77a S un a ir 
12 
Sundnc 
6 
Sui’ ShJr 
15*8 SupFdS 
3*4 S upercr 
5 's S upIn d I 
5 
SupSurg 
2 H Susqueh 

7U 
5+o S ynaloy 
24*b 
17' 2 S yntex 
18' ? 
137o SyscoCp 
5 
S ystE ng 
8+s T E C 
1*8 T F I 

7*e 
9 
I 7fl 
4*8 
15U 
7oU 

4or 
74 
31*4 
29' ? 
31 
12 
9 
184 
7+b 
6' ? 
6*8— 
U 
2oe 
7 
A 
6 
6 
+ 
'o 
76 
4 
4 
U H 
H U l l 
— 
*4 l l 
1+4 
1+8 
I U . 
36 
6 
IO 
16+8 
16 
IA H 
24b 
13 
15 
67o 
A U 
A U - 
+4 
6o 
8 
24 
21*4 
21*4 
21*4— 
>o 
9 
29 
T a 
I 
I 
IO 
6 
7 
2 H 
2*8 
TU — 
' Va it 
5 
22 
5 a u - 
5 
+ 
+8 
3o 
8 
UA 
12 i i u 
1 1 U - u 
.24 
7 
62 
4 U 
4 
4+k— 
*8 
5 
915 16 
7o 
7o. 
25 
5 
18 
4 
4 
4 
+ 
1 8 
6o IO 
83 
22' ? 
21+4 
21*4— 
Va 
45e 
6 x13 
B U 
8*8 
87o + 
1 4 
7ob 
32 x83 
13U 
12*8 
13*o— 
'o 
28 
7 
21 
6+8 
6 
6 
— 
4o 
9 
14 
16+4 
15*8 
16+4 + lOe 
4 
3 
4 
3 7o 
37 s 
12b 
6 X U 
7 U 
7*2 
7'?. 
,14 
6 x23 
AU 
A1 2 
A1 2— 
+4 
14 
54 
4’ ? 
4 U 
4' 2. 
. if 25k 
45 
12U 
12+? 
12+? wt 
3o 
. 
U 
U 
9 16 -x I 
16 
3ob 
5 
45 
6 
5*4 
S U — 
+4 
.5o 
9 2389 
2o'4 
I S U 
193/4 + 
I 
4o 
7 
91 
18*2 
17U 
18 
+ 
34 
2o 
14o 
AH 
5*8 
57/o- 
' ? 
,4ob 
7 
9 
9 
S U 
9 
6 
A 
I U 
I U 
I U . 
. w t 
22 
3 7o 
37o 
37o-+ 
'+8 
13+4 T a nd y B r 
18H T a s ty 
12oa 
H a ll 16 T e c h S y m 
3*o 
- 
- 
- 

5 
23 
15*4 
14+b 
15+8-1- 
8 
4 
18*o 
18*4 
18*o— 
3713 16 
*4 

3*4 
57b 
17*8 
8*8 
18 
7 16 
4 U 
8 H 
2' ? 
1*8 
15' 7 
13*8 
13*8 
58+7 
56 
7*8 
18*4 
15 16 
4 U 
5 U 
8+b 
27b 
8*4 l l 
27 
5o 
1o9 

2 U TechO p 
18 
3 
27o 
3 
— 
+8 
2 U T e chT a p 
4 
53 
3 
T U 
2 U — 
*4 
4 
T e c h trl 
16 
4 
187 
5 U 
5+7 
57o + 
1 7 
137 n T e jo n R 
2oa 
7 
T e ie C m 
.4o 
4 
HA 
78 
16' 7 
8’ 8 
1478 
7*4 
15+o + 
8 
+8 

U U 
T e le fle x 
12r 
8 
15 
15 + 7 
15 
15+7 + 
+8 
' 8 T e le x C p w t 
246 
'8 
+8 
1o 
2 U 
Tenna 
o8a 
A 
119 
3 U 
2 U 
3*8 + 
*o 
5+4 Tenneco w t 
65 
A U 
57o 
5 7 o - 
+? 
I U 
T enney En 
21 
59 
2*8 
2 '8 
Y 8 
1 'b T e n s o r 
7 
I U 
1+4 
1 U + 
Va 
H U 
T e ra d y n 
14 
91 
14 
127/8 
13*8 + 
*8 
IOU 
T e rra C 
.8o 
6 
91 
11*4 
IO U l l 
+ 
Va 
H U 
T e tr a T 
IO 
6o2 
1378 
12*8 
13+2 + 
I 
56 
T XPL bf4.56 
Z125 
56+? 
56 
56 
— 
*2 
5*8 
T e x s ta r 
o7e 
7 
199 
A U 
6*4 
AU 
17H + 
7o + 
2*4 
3 U — 
8*4 + 
17-8 
A 
8 
45 l l 
IO U l l 
+ 
7 x93 
24+? 
23+8 
2 3 * o - 
48 
1o7 
57o 

37o R o blin 
,1oe 
12 
R o ckw a y lb 
2>4 R o c o r l l 
R o g e rs 
I U R oncoT 
4 U R ossm r 
*8 R o y B u s F 
4 *4 R e d d ick n e 
A H R u d ic k pf .56 
1+2 RUSCO 
7+o R ussell 
44 
8' ? R ustC ft 
15+b R ya nH 

4 
234 
5+8 
8 x42 16*o 
2o 
2*8 
) 
22 
12*o 
A 
5 
2 
68 
71 
6 
Al 
12 
2oo9 
5 
77 
8 
34 

5+e 
15*4 
2*4 
12 
2 
4 U 
4+8 
*2 7 16 
7’/4 
6>/4 
77/e 
2*4 
S U 
I IV? llt/4 
111/4 
‘ 
157/ 8— 

8 
27o 
8 U 

5*o— 
16 
. 
2+4 — 
12 U + 
2 
47o + 
U + 1 1 6 
7 '/4 + I 
8 
+ 
Va 
2+8+ 
*o 
8*?— 
Va 

7 H SGL 
1*o SGSec 
15U SGSe p f I 7o 
2 U S M D 
4 
4 U S SP Ind 
36 IO 
11+4 STPC p 
8o 12 
8 U S a fe tran 
7 
IOU S alem 
89t 
6 
6 
S C arlo 
63e 
1o 
SDgo pf 
.9o 
11 
SDgo p f 
I 

.SO 
IO 
97 
16'/e 
15+o 

S - T - U 
IAT 
A 
77/a... 
1+o. 
16*2 + 
2 * 4 ... 
4+o + 
14*o+ 
11*4+ 
137/s 
15 
A 
6 
6+8 + 

7'/? 
IV? 

4*2 
13*4 l l 

 l l 
S F rR E 
3oe 26 
+o S F R E w t 
157o SanJW 
1.4o 
3+a S argent 
-1 
•. 
« ->< 

T3 
7 U 
43 
1+s 
22 
16*'? IA U 
A 
2'/4 
2'/4 
4 
4+o 
AO 
14*2 
25 
11*4 
1o3 
15 x17 
6 'o 
2 
IO*? 
IO*? 1o*2+ 
53 n u 
H +o n u + 
*o 
/5o 
1o4 
1o4 
1o4 — 1 z55o 
89 
87 
89 + 2 
2o 
28+8 28+a 28*8— 
U 
72 
13+8 
12*4 13+o+ 
7/, 
1815 1615 161516 ......... 
12 
171/4 
167o 
17 — 
1/4 
95 
3+o 
3 '4 
3+, 

I 

15*4 T e x tro n w t 
4 
17'2 
17 
H T h or 
Cp 
85 
7e 9 16 
2*8 T h o r o fa r 
I 
2*4 
2*4 
3 
T h re e D ,79t 
4 
9 
37o 
37e 
6' ? T h r iftim t 
12 
SU 
8 U 
H e T id w e ll 
22 
17o 
H e 
5*8 T iffa n y l 
.2o 
4 
13 
6 '4 
6 
5+o T im p te 
IS H T o k h e im 
8o 
47 
T o lE d pf4.25 v3oo 5o 
1o6 
To! E dp f 
IO y5o 1o8 
8 *o 
5 7s 
ToppsG u 28 
9 i9 
6*8 
16*8 
12+b T o rm C p .8o 
8 
34 16*8 
8*e 
5*8 T o ta l P et 
8 
398 
7+8 
213 16 H e T o t Pet w t 
1o7 
2*4 
17 
137b T o ta l p f 
.7o 
27 15*4 
27o 
2*8 
T o w n C try 
24 
2+e 
2*8 
2 
T ra n s L u x 
12 
69 
2*8 
3*2 
2+e T re d w y 
.1o 
4 
12 
27o 
11*8 
IO U T riS tM tr 8o 
5 
4 l l 
7+8 
5 * b 
T ric o 
. lOe 
8 
125 
6 U 
311 16 1*4 T u b O s M .o3j . 
9*o 
5*2 
TuftCO 
4o 
4 
- 26' ? 
22*4 
T u rn rC I 6o 8 
4 
3 
T w in F r lOe 
15*6 
13*8 U & l 
I 2oa 
6 
3*4 
3*4 U IP C p 
.2o 
5 
2 U 
1+8 U N A C d 
31 
4*4 
3 *o U R S C p 
24 
8 
6 U 
4 
U V In d w t 
IO 
A U U n im a x 
19 
5*8 
4+4 U n im a x p* 
9+e 
8+e U n G asA 
.69 
7 
7*8 
4*8 U n io n ln v 
16 
28 
11*8 
8 *4 U n A irP d .56 
8 2o4 
*a 5 16 U n B ra n d w t 
12*a 
1o*4 U nC osF ,5ob 
6 
1*2 
I U U n F o o d s 
. 
74 
2 
*o 
U N a tC p 
1o8 
5 32 1 16 U N a tC p w t 
6 
* 
.. 

8 x&8 

78211 16 
13 
8+a 
22 
26 
4 

48 
1o8 
+ 3 
5+9— 
1 a 
15 
1 5+ 8- *4 
7+a 
7*9— U 
2’ a 
2 U — 1-16 
IS 'a 
15+a-t- ' a 
2*? 
2+?. 
2 '4 + 
'a 
27/a + 
'o l l 
6V?— 
Va 
2 *8— 5-16 
8+a. 
. 

IO 
71 
7 
21 
141 
19o 
22 
I 

2 
4*o 
5 
9*4 
4*4 
9 
6*4 ll+ a 

3+a U N a tC p pf 
4 ' 1 
2 *4 u P ie c e d ) 
9*o 
7*4 U S B c p T r 
16*8 
12 
U S F iltr 
28 
9 
9+4 
8 
U n R ltT 
94e 13 
*? 
Va U n R ltT w t 
6 *4 
37a U S N tR s 
7 
37b 
27b U S R d iu m 
23 
15' 4 
137e 
U S R bR la 
9 
34 
3oU 
U n ite k 
.3o 12 
11*8 
7*4 U n ity B uy 
9 
3 U 
2 H U n iv C ig .o5 
4 
25 
2+4 
I U U n iv C o n t 
72 
17*4 
13U 
U n iv R s 2oe 
U 499 
12 
8 *4 
U n iv R u n .52 
5 
6 
15*4 
11*4 
U nvS av .48 
4 
16 
15*4 

 v - v v - x 

2U 
2*4 i i 
6*8 
2*8 
8 *o 
25+4 
25*4 
31 , 
31a— 
13*S 
13*8 
13U — 
3+ b 
3+4 
3*? 
I U 
4+? 
4+o 
8*o 
4*o 
9 
6 *o 
9*4 
266 7 16 5 16 5 1 6 - 1 16 
5 
11+e l l 
H U . 
1*8 
I+4 
1+4 
1+8 
1*o 
1+o * 
3 I 16 I 16 I 16 
4 H 
4+8 
4*4 + 
3*o 
3 
3*6 
8 *o 
8*8— 
15*o 
1 5 * o - 
9 
9 
— 
21 
*a 5 16 5 16 
268 
5 H 
5 
5*o * 
83 
3 U 
27 a 
3+4 + 
3o 
15 
14*4 
14*4+ 
46 
31+4 
3o*4 
3 1 *4 * 
24 
8' a 
7*4 
7 7 o - 
25 
2 U 
2*4 
2 U + 
72 
1*8 
V s 
1*8 
16 
13*8 
157/8+ 
1o*8 
1o*o 
1o*8— 
151/4 
15*4— 

18 
25 
16 
8 H 
586 
15U 
73 
9 '/ 

I U 
, 
4 +o -+- 
' o 
4 *4 
' 4 
9 *8 4- 
* 8 
4+?— 
1 a 
9 
6*o— 
*4 
IH e *- 1+o 

 t/4 

2U 

67a 
6 
V a lle s St 
62t 
U U 
IO U V a lm a c 
BO 
SU 
4' ? V al sp a r 
28 
2+e 
2 H V a lL D v ,o2e 
1o*8 
S H V a n D o rn 
5o 
IS H l l * * V eeco 
.32a 
2*8 
1+b V e r il 
26' ? 
2o78 V e rm n tA 
9 H 
4 1 a V e rn itro n 
I U V e r tip le 
16 
IS 
2+a V ese ly l l 
2 
1+o V ia te c h 
*4 V ik in g G 
V > V in ta g e E 
5*4 V ire o 
IO 
2' 7 V is h a y 
2*4 V is u a lG 
o5r 
2 
Vol M e r 
12 
V op le x 
72a 
3 
V u lc n C p 
8 U V u lc ln c 
5o 
15' ? 
13U V u lc ln c p f 
I 
3+a 
2*4 W TC 
In c . IO 
28*a 
19' o W U I Inc 
.8o 
1o*e W abash ,25e 
6+a W a c k n h t no 
2 
W a d e lE q .1o 
AU W alnoco 
25+o 
2oU W a lco N 
.5ob 
6 U 
4*4 W a lla cS 
2oe IO 
13'? W a n g L b 
.12 1o 
I I H W ang L B .22 IO 
U W a rd F d s w t 
3+a W a rd s Co 
5 
4' ? W a rn C p f .o5 
25' 8 
21' / W a sP stB .36 
8 
25+8 
23+a W R IT 
1.76 
15 
3 H W atsco 
.2o 11 
13 
2*o W ei m a n 
9 
3 
5*4 W e ld T u A 
8 
28 
4 
W ei leo 
.25 IO 
35 
6*e W escoF n 
9 x9 
7*4 W est Ch P 
4o 
9 x4o 
7 
W s tF in l 
15a 234 247 
5*4 W h ip p n y 
2o 46 
28 
S U W h ita k e r .4o IO 
17 

1*o 
4'a 
4*8 
I 
2+4 
6*4 
3+a 
3' a 
2 H 
21' ? 
4*8 
IOU 

14*8 
8*8 
3+4 
9*8 

18' 
17U 
9 16 
4*8 
SU 

27 
6+a 
6+4 
6*4 
54 
13'? 
13*8 
13+a 
6 
47 a 
4 *4 
4 *4 + 
'a 
46 
2 U 
2*8 
2 *b— 
' a 
62 
9-a 
87a 
8*8— 
+4 
96 
18*4 
167o 
18+2+ 
*4 
5 
3 
1*4 
H e 
1 * 8 - 
U 
32 
7 x99 237o 
2o78 21 
— 3 
14 1oo8 
9 H 
9 's 
9*8, 
1+4 
2*4 
H a 
2*4 
1+4 
2*4 
31 
12 
3 U 
3 U 
3*4 + 
' 4 

7 
U 
U 
34. 
42 
I U 
1H 
V?— " V t 
4 
14 
6 
57o 
A 
+ 
VI 
5 
3 
27o 
27b 
2 7 o - 
' 8 
6 
6 
2*4 
2*8 
2 U — 
Vt 
15 
3 
2+4 
2’ 8 
2+4 + 
' 8 
5 
21 
2o*8 
19*8 
19 U f 
3o 
7 
28 
3*4 
3+2 
3 U — 
'o 
4 
74 
9 H 
9 ' b 
9 U + 
+8 
33 
14 
13*8 
14 
-+ 
3,4 
17 
24 
3 
2 U 
3 
+ : Vt 
9x681 
28’ a 
25'4 
27U + 
2H 
9 
297 
U U 
13*4 
14"?+ 
7o 
8 
75 
8 
7*4 
7 U + 
3 8 
IO 
2*4 
2 U 
2*/4 + u 
21 
368 
8+a 
7+o 
8 
+ 
34 
7 x 13 
25 
24*4 
2 4 + ? - 
*8 
5 * o - 
16 
+ 
15*8 
14*4 
15 
+4 
4*4 
4 H 

5+o 
5*4 
16*8 
15*4 

4*8 
5 *o 

+4. . . 
4*8 + 
5 

5 
2+e 
7 
47 a 
7 U 
9 H 
97B 
8 ' b 
AU 
3 
*8 
6 U 
9 
4 '? 
9 
2 H 
57 U 
2*4 
4*8 
Va 
IOU n u 
A7 8 
I U 
8' ? 
12' ? 
15 
18+e 

IU1 2 
7*4 

67 
23 
2 2U 
22*4— H 
16 
24'4 
237/a 
237/8— 
*4 

2*o W h ite h a ll 
*4 W h itta k r w t 
2*4 W ic h ita 
7*s W m hous 
36 
3?a W ilson B r .3o 
7*4 W in kl m n .4o 
1+? W in s tn M 
51*4 W isP p f 4.5o 
2 U W o lfH B 
3 U W ood 
Ind 
U W o o l L f 
o6e 
W o rcstC 
16 
9' 2 W o rx W r 
6o 
5 
4' ? W ra th e r ,o5e IO 
-'4 W r ig h tH 
81 
5*a W y le L a b 
32 
7 
9*4 W ynn In 
4o 
6 
12U W ym Bn 
.56 
8 
14*4 X o n ic s 
.1o l l 

3o 
62 
148 
21 
2o 
IO 
12 

4 
2*8 
6 
4 V? 
7 
8+ 4 
9 U 
6*a 
5*8 
27o 
*8 
4*4 
8*4 
4 
8+b 
I U 

3*4 
2*o 
57o 
4 U 
7 
7*4 
9+s 
57o 
5 U 
2*4 
Va 
4*8 
8+4 
3 U 
8*8 
I U 

4 
— 
2*e 
. 
5U -I- 
1 a 
4 *8 + 
+4 
7 
. . . . 
7*4 — 
* 8 
9* 8 + 
' 4 
6*o + 
+8 
5+4— 
' a 
27o . 
+4— 1-16 
4*o— 
*4 
BU 
37/o 
8 * e - 
' 4 
I U 
224o 
57*4 
5 5'? 
5 5H — 
H 
2+e 
3 '? 
2711 16 
114 
1o+ 
33 
16 
12o 
232 

97o 
6 
7o 
8*! 

2*8 
2+8+ 
'a 
3*2 
3+?.. 
I 
11 16 -h i 16 
IO 
IO 
— 
*8 
9+e 
9 + 8 - 
*8 
5*4 
A 
+ 
U 
*413 16— I 16 
77a 
8 
— 
255 
12*8 
11*o 
1 H o + 
, B 
147o 
13?/b 
15+4 
U U 

8' 2 Zero Co 
5+4 Z im m e r 

Y - Z 
A 
7 
27 
IO ' 2 
22 
6 
IO 

 r * 

14 
— 
147o + 

1o*8— 
57/ B - 

W E E K L Y A M E R IC A N STO CK S A L E S 
T otal fo r w eek .................................................................... 13,o3o,ooo 
W eek ago 
..........................................................................12,96o,ooo 
Y ea r ago 
............................................................................12,221,o4o to d a te 
257,53o,ooo 
1976 to d ate 
...................................................................297,2o2,74o 
• W E E K L Y A M E R I C A N ..............................B O N D S ALES 
Total fo r w eek 5 
$4,61o,ooo 
Week ago ..............................................................................$5,84o,ooo 
Y ear ago 
$6,753,ooo 

Omaha Livestock 

O M A H A , 
Neb 
( A P ) (U S D A 1 — W e e kly liv e s to c k q u o ta tio n s 
S 
Steers 25 5o lo w e r w ith m ix e d y ie ld g ra d e 3 4 o fte n sh ow ing th e m o st d e c lin e , h e ife rs 25 75 lo w e r, instan ces I OO lo w e r in d u ll la te tra d e , cow s m o s tly 5o lo w e r, a m o d e ra te v o lu m e ch oice and p rim e 1,o44 
1,283 lb stee rs 
42 5o 43 OO d u rin g the w e e k ; s ix loads 1,137 1,253 lb 42 75 43.OC la te , ch o ice 975 1,275 lb 41 75-42.75; good and lo w ch o ice 37.5o 42.oo; lo ad choice h e ife rs 
925 lb 42.5o e a rly 
W ednesday, m o d e ra te v o lu m e choice and p rim e 975 
1,o69 lb 
41.5o 41.75 d u rin g th e w eek, ch o ice 9oo 1,o75 lb 4o.oo 41 SO a t m id w e e k , good and lo w choice 34.5o 39.75; u tility and c o m m e rc ia l cow s 26.oo 28 5o, som e h e ife re tte s 29.5o 31.oo; c a n n e r and c u tte r 
22.5o 26 oo 
Sheep s p rin g s la u g h te r la m b s closed 
I OO h ig h e r; s la u g h te r ewes I 5o lo w e r, fe w ch oice and p rim e 
IOO lb s p rin g s la u g h te r la m b s closed 61.OO a fte r opening 
59.oo 59.5o; c u ll and u tility sh orn ewes 
8 .oo 9 OO 

S a n A n t o n i o E X P R E S S - N E W S — 
S a t u r d a y M a y 1 4 
1 9 7 7 
P a g e 
1 5 - D 

I n v e s t m e n t t r u s t s 

B 
A 
R 
O 
M 
E 
T 
E 
R 

N E W V O R K (A P ) — W e e kly In v e s tin g 
C om panies g iv in g the h ig h , lo w and la s : o n c e s for the w eek w ith the net ch an ge 
(ro m th e p re v io u s w e ek's la st p ric e 
A lt q u o ta tio n s , s u pp lie d by the N a tion a l 
A s s o c ia tio n o f S ec u ritie s D ealers 
Inc re fle c t net asset va lu e s, at w h ic h s e c u ritie s c o u ld h a v e been sold 
H igh L o w L ast 
Chg 
545 
.5 38 
.5 .4 5 + .o6 
15 47 
9 59 
7 24 
12 85 
8 81 
8 28 
IO SO 
989 
5 OS 

15 37 
9 49 
7 22 
12 8o 
8 74 
8 25 
IO 43 
9 85 
5 OI 

8 o4 
541 
9 88 
14.98 
6.18 
4 53 
16.4o 
13.94 
16 28 
6 79 

8 96 
4 o6 
6 53 
11.14 
6 5o 
6 58 
3.97 
5.45 
5o5 
557 
12 22 
2 83 

I OO 
6 37 
7.47 
4.46 
6 76 
1o.o2 
7 73 

7 96 
4 92 
5.89 
1o.32 
I 79 
9 o4 
8.26 
9 OI 

7.o7 
9 18 
7 86 
4 86 
9 49 

12.74 
7 31 
3.oo 
14 8o 
1o o7 
11 46 
9 34 
8 54 
I OO 
11.24 
9 98 
14 o5 

6 25 
3 49 
7 38 
5 17 
11 84 
6 96 

4 48 
A 
N 
2 
7 4o 

9 o3 
9 33 
4.57 
8.81 
14 98 
I OI 
I SO 
9.13 
7.42 
12 66 
1o 12 
5 74 
6 3o 
11.51 
7 57 
3o 25 

32 48 
11 39 
9 38 
4 78 
4 o9 
22.18 
15.88 
9 78 

 l l 9o 
5 35 
15 77 
9 99 
7 25 
15 58 
13 27 
1o 2o 

8 26 
8 34 
8 32 
6 o7 
6.12 
9 OO 
15 83 
8 7o 
IO 73 
14 19 
9 67 

15 4 7+ .19 
9.58 + 
7 25 f 
12 85 + 
8.76— 
8 28 a 
IO 4 8+ 
9 89 + 
5.o3 + 

8 o 7 + .o3 
5.48 + 
9 9 3+ 
15 o5 + 
.o5 
6 21 f .o1 
4 55 + .o3 
16 44 
14 oo + 
o3 
16.36 + .o4 
6.8o 

8 97. 
4 o8 + .OI 
6 55 + 
o2 
11 25 + .1o 
6 5 1 + 
“ 
6.4o— 
3 99 + 
5 47— 
5 11 + 
5 67 + 
12 28 - .o8 
2 85 + .o2 

I OO. 
6 4o + 
7 51 + 
4 SI + 
6 79 
IO o8 f ,o1 
7 77 - .o3 

7 97 .. 
4 .9 2 - 
5 92 + 
IO 36 
I SO 
9 o 7 - 
8 28— 
9 o3— 

7 o7 . 
9.18— 
7 86 
4 88 . 
9 52 + .o2 

12 78 - .o1 
7 31— .o8 
3.o1 - .o2 
14 81 + .o2 
1o o8 
. o3 
1 1 .4 9 - OI 
9 3 8 - .o2 
8 54. . 
I oo 
11 28 + .o8 
1o OI + .o2 
14 o5— .o7 

6 26— .o3 
3 52 + 
o4 
7 39— .o3 
5 19— OI 
1 1 9 o + 
o3 
6 9 9 - 
OI 

4 5o + 
F 
4 8 
7 54 + 
I B 
9 o4— .o1 
9.36 - o3 
4 6o - .o2 
8 81. . 
15.18 + .2o 
1.o1.. 
1.5o . 
9 14— .o1 
7 5 6+ .12 
1 2 .7 1 - o6 
1 o .1 2 - .13 
5 74 + .o1 
6 3 o - o5 l l 58— OI 
7 6o + .o3 
3o.37— .17 

12 51+ .o3 l l 4 4+ .o4 
9 39— OI 
4 8 1 - o3 
4 .1 1 - o2 
22 27 + 
o8 
15 93 + 
OI 
9 79— .o3 

 l l 96 + 
5 38 + 
15 96 + 
9 99 - 
7.27 . 
15.58 — 
13 4o + 
1o.2 + 

8 27— .o4 
8 34— .o5 
8 35 + 
OI 
6 o7 
6.16 + .o4 
9.o2......... 
15 89 + 
OI 
8 8o 
1o 76 + .o2 
14.27 + .o6 
9 7o 

8 8o 
18 73 
17 54 
12 96 

8 82 . . . . 
18 81 + .o7 
17.55— .o3 
12 96 - .o2 

o2 

.o3 

A G E F a n d 
A corn F d n 
A d v a n ln v n 
A etna F u nd 
A etna In c o m Shr 
A fu tu re F d n 
A lls ta te SMt n 
A lpha F u nd 
A m B irth rg h t T r 
A m E q u lty F d 
A m e ric a n F u n d s : 
A m B a la n c e 
8 o7 
A n i c a p F u n d 
5 48 
A m M u fu a ! F d 
9 93 
B ondFd A m 
15 OS 
C a p F d A m 
6 22 
G ro w th F d A m 
4 55 
In c o m e F d A m 
16 44 
In v C o A 
14 o3 
N e w P ersp F d 
16 39 
W a s h M u fl In v 
6 82 
A m o r G e n e ra l 
A G enC ap Bd 
8 97 
A G enC ap G th 
4 o8 
AG en in c o m e 
6 55 
AGen V e n tu re l l 25 
E q u ity O rth 
6 53 
F u n d O f A m 
6 61 
P ro v id e n t F d 
3 99 
A m G ro w ih F d 
5 aa 
Am in s & ln d 
5.11 
Am In v e s to r n 
5 67 
A m ln v ln c F d n 
12 28 
A m N a t G ro w th 
2 85 
A nch o r G ro u p : 
D a ily ln c o m n 
I.OO 
G ro w th F u n d 
6 4o 
In co m e 
7 51 
S p e ctru m 
4 51 
Fund rn In v e s t 
6 8o 
W ashing N at 
IO o8 
A u d a x F u n d 
7 78 
A x e H o u g h to n : 
Fund B 
7 98 
In c m F n d 
4 93 
Stock F u n d 
5 93 
BLC G ro w th F d 
1o 38 
Babson In c o m n 
18o 
B a b s o n ln v m tn 
9 11 
Beacon H i) I ft/1, t n 
8 33 
B e a c o n ln v n 
' 9 o7 
B erge r G ro u p : lOOFund n 
7 12 
IDI F u n d n 
9 23 
B e rk s h iro C a p 
7 9o 
B ondstock Cp 
4 89 
B o siF o u n d Fd 
9 59 
C a lvin B u llo c k : 
B u llo c k F u n d 
12 8o 
C a nadian F n d 
7 38 
D iv id e n d Shrs 
3 o3 
M o n th ly In c m 
14 81 
N a tion W id e s 
IO IO 
N Y V e n tu re 
11,52 
CG F u n d 
9 42 
CG In c o m e F d 
8 56 
C a p P re s v F d n 
I OO 
C e n tu ry S h rT r l l 31 
C h a lle n g e r In v 
IO o4 
C h a rte rF d ln c 
14 16 
Chase G r Bos 
Fund 
6.3o 
F ro n tie r Cap 
3.53 
S harehold 
7 42 
Special 
5 21 
C L p S itle D o llr n l l 92 
C h em ica l F u n d 
7 o1 
C N A M q e m tF d s l ib e rty F u nd 
4 5o 
M 
A 
N 
H 
A 
T 
T 
2 
4 9 
2 
4 
7 
S chuster Fd 
7.54 
C o lo nia l: 
C o n v e rtib le 
9 o5 f und 
9 38 
G rw th S h r 
4 61 
In co m e 
8 82 
C o lu m b G rth n 
15.18 
C o m w th T r A & B 
I OI 
’ C o m w lth T rC 
15o 
C o m p osite B & S 
9 14 
C o m p osite r d 
7 56 
C o n c o rd F d n 
12 73 
C o nso iid a i in v 
1o 12 
C o nste lln G th n 
5 79 
Cont M u* In v n 
6 34 
C o un try C ap In l l 58 
D a vid q e D u n d n 
7 61 d e V e q h tM u t n 
3o.54 
Del a w ,ire G ro u p : 
D e c a tu r Inc 
12.51 
D e la w a re F d 
11.44 
D e lch este r Bd 
9 4o 
D e lta T re n d 
4 82 
D ire c to rs C ap 
4 14 
D o d q C o x B a ln 
22 28 
D odaC* St k n 
15 95 
D re x iB u rn h m n 
9 85 
D re y fu s G rp 
D re y fu s l l 96 
E q u ity n 
5 38 
L e v e ra g e 
15 96 
L iq u td A s s e f n 
IO oo 
Sped In co m n 
7.27 
T a + E x e m p fn 
15.59 
T h ird C e n tu ry 
13 4o 
F a q le G rth Shr 
1o 28 
E a to n & H o w a rd 
B a la n e e F u n d 
8 32 
F o u rs q u a re n 
8 42 
G ro w th F u n d 
8 37 
Inco m e F u nd 
6 o7 
Special F u n d 
6 16 
Sloe k F und 
9 o4 
E d it-Spi G th n 
15 89 
Frieo nG id n 
8 8o 
E g re t F u n d 
1o 78 f I fun T ru s t n 
14 27 
+ a irfie ld F u n d 
9 72 
> .irm B u rM u t n u n a v a il 
F e de ra ted F u n d s 
A m I e a d e rs 
8 82 
E m p ire Fd 
18 81 f o u rth E m p ir 
17 56 
Tax P re en 
12.98 
F id e lity G ro u p : 
Corp Bond 
8 69 
8 67 
8 68 
C a p ita l 
8 15 
8 o8 
8 12 
C o n tra fu n d n 
IO 71 
1o.58 
IO 63 
D a ily ln c o m n 
I OO 
I OO 
I OO 
D e s tin y 
9 82 
9 66 
9 8 2+ .15 
E q u ity ln c m n 
16 17 16 o5 
16 17 + 
IO 
M a g e lla n 
23 47 23 21 
23 47 + 
14 
M u n iB o n d n 
IO 44 
IO.43 1o.44— 
OI 
F id e lity 
16 
28 
16 21 16.25 + 
.o1 
P u rita n l l 
16 l l 14 l l 16 . 
S alem 
5 oo 
4 97 
5 oo+ .o1 
T h r d tT r u s fn 
1o 49 1o 46 
IO 49 + .o1 
T rend 
21 46 
21 32 
21 46+ .13 
F in a n cia l P ro g : 
D y n a m F d n 
4 83 
4.81 
4.83 + 
.o3 
Indust Fd n 
4 43 
4 42 
4 43 + .o1 
In c o m e F d n 
7 91 
7 89 
7 91 + 
.o2 
Psi In v e s to rs 
D is c o v e ry 
4 86 4.82 
4.86— .o1 
F u n d G ro w th 
6 36 6.33 
6.35 — .o1 
In c o m e 
8 6o 
8 59 
8.6o 
Stock F u n d 
-8 32 
8 26 
8 3o + .o1 
F s tM u ltA m n 
8 o1 
7 99 
8 OI + 
.o2 
+ s tM u ltD ly n 
IO OO 
IO OO 
IO OO . 
F o rty F o ur WH n 
14 97 
14 77 
14 91 + 
.o1 
F out'd G ro w th 
3 84 
3.83 
3.83— .o3 
Founders G ro u p : 
G ro w th 
4 45 
4.42 
4.45+ .o2 
In co m e 
12.5o 
12.46 
12 5 
+ .o1 
M u tu a l 
8 
99 8 92 
8 94— .o4 
Special 
9 o2 8 93 
9.o2 + .o7 
F ra n k lin G ro u p : 
B row n F d 
3 44 
3.42 
3.43 + .o1 
D N T C 
6 67 
6 61 
6 67 + 
.o4 
G ro w th 
5.23 
5 17 
5 2o 
U tilitie s 
4 7o 
4 68 
4 .7 o + .o2 
In c o m e S tk 
1.75 
1.71 
1.72— .o3 
USG ovt Sec 
9 7o 
9 69 
9 7o + .o 2 
R esrch C a p it 
2 39 
2 36 
2 39 + 
.o2 
R esrch E q u ly 
3 33 
3 3o 
3 32 + .o 1 
F ra n k ln L f E q ty 
7 9o 
7 81 
7 83— .o9 
F d F o rM u tD n 
7 91 
7 84 
7 87 
Fu nd p ae k 
8 23 
8.17 
8.23+ .o5 
Fund Inc G rp 
C o m m e rc e F d 
8 86 
8 
81 8.85+ .o2 
Im p a c t F u n d 
8 27 8 24 
Indus! T re n d 
IH S 
11.o' 
P ilot F u n d 
8 45 
8 35 
G e+EiSSP n 
26 23 
26.o6 
G en S ecu rit n 
9 6o 
9 53 
G ro w th ln d n 
16.79 
16.64 
H a m ilto n 
Fund H O A 
4 19 4 16 
G ro w th F u nd 
6.85 
6 81 
Inco m e 
7 78 7 76 
H a rtw e llG rth n 
1o 96 1o 88 
H a rtw llL e v e rn 
7.72 
7.57 
H e rita g e F u n d 
1.37 
1.34 
H olding T ru s t n 
I OO I OO 
H o ra c e M a n n F d 
15.15 15o3 
ISI G ro u p : 
G ro w th 
4 39 
4 22 
Inco m e 
3.46 
3 44 
T ru st S ha re s 
IO 41 1o 35 
T ru st U n its 
2.81 
2.79 
In d u s try F u nd 
3. IO 3 o7 
Int in v e s to rs 
7.75 
7.62 
In v e s tG u d n 
8 89 8 84 
In v s tin d ic tr n 
L S I 
148 in v e s lT r Bos 
1o 15 
1o.o8 
Inv C o u n s e l: 
C a p a m e ric a 
8 41 8 28 
C a pitS h rs In c 
6.o8 
5.97 
In ve sto rs G ro u p : 
I OS Bond 
5,98 
5.96 
5.98 + .o2 
IDS G ro w th 
5 28 5 25 
5 28 + .o 3 
IDS N e w D im 
4 54 4 51 
4.54 + 
.o5 
M u tu a l Inc 
9 l l 9.o7 
9 1o+ .o1 
P ro g re s s iv e 
3 o5 3 o3 
3 o5 + 
.o2 
T a x tx e m p t 
4 94 
4.94 
4.94 
Slock 
18 7o 18 6 ! 
18.66+ OI 
S elective 
9 55 
9 51 
9 .5 5 + .o3 
V a ria b le P a v 
6 28 
6.25 6.28 + .o2 
Invest R e sea rch 
5.32 
5.25 5.32+ .o7 is le iF u n d ln c 
19 37 19 )4 
19 2 7 - .o9 iv y F u n d n 
5 91 
5 87 
5 .8 9 - .o2 
JP G ro w th F d 
1o 68 
1o 62 1 o .6 8 .. 
Ja nu sF u nd n 
17.55 
17.33 17.55+ .18 
John H a n c o c k : 
B alance 
8 96 
8 94 
8.96— .o1 
Bond 
19 43 19 36 
19.43 + .o5 
G ro w th 
5 68 
5 64 
5.67......... 
JO hnstnM ut n 
19.43 
19.33 19.39— .o4 
K em pe r F u n d s : 
G ro w th F d 
7 22 
7.17 
7.22+ .o5 
Inco m e 
1o 73 
1o 7o 
1o 73 + .OI 
M oney M k t n 
LOO 
LOO 
1.oo......... 
M u n ic p B n d 
1o.64 
IO 62 1o.63........ 
S u m m ilE d 
1o 42 
1o 29 1o.29 - 
.13 te c h n o lo g y 
7 37 
7 32 
7 3 6+ 
.o3 
T o 'R e iu rn 
9 99 
9 95 
9.95— .o2 
K eystone F u n d s : 
A po llo F u nd 
4 o9 
4.o6 
4,o9 + 
.o4 
Invest Bd B l 
17 84 
17.82 
17 84. 
M e d G S d B 2 
19.57 
19 54 19.57+ 
.o4 
Disc Bd B4 
8 47 
8 45 
8 47+ .o1 
In c o m F d K I 
7 74 
7.72 
7.74 + 
.o1 
G ro w th F d K2 
5 23 
5.2o 5 2 2 ... 
H iG rC o m S I 
17 52 
17.4o 
1 7 .4 5 - .o4 
Incom StkS2 
9 46 
9.42 
9 .4 6 + .o 2 
G ro w th S 3 
7 73 
7.69 
7 71 + .o1 
I o P rC om S 4 
3.75 
3 71 
3.75+ .OS 
P o la ris 
3.36 
3.33 
3.36 + .o3 
L e xin g to n G rp : 
C o rp L e a d e rs 
14.45 
14.29 14.29— .23 iM x in g tn O rth 
8 6o 
8.51 
8 .6 o + .o 9 
I exm q In c o m 
1o 62 
1o 6o 
1o.62+ .o2 
I e x in g tn R s h 
IS o9 
15.oo 
15.o6— .o3 lil e ln s ln v 
7 15 
7,o3 
7.15+ .11 
L in c o ln N a t l: 
S electA m n 
7 o4 
7 o2 
7.o4— .OI 
Set e t I Spec n 
12 37 
12 .32 
12 3 7+ .o4 
Loo m is Sayles 
C a pita l n 
1o.46 
IO 39 1o.46+ .o5 
M u tu a l n 
13.o5 
12.98 13.oo— .o4 
I Ord A bb e !! 
A ffilia te d F d , 
8 32 
8.21 8 
22— .1o 
Bond Deb 
11 
3o l l 27 l l 3o+ 
.o4 
Inco m e 
3 57 
3.56 3 
57+ .o1 
I.u th e ran B r o . 
Fund 
1o.41 IO 
37 
1o.4o......... 
Inco m e 
9 36 
9 25 
9.25— .OI 
M u n ic ip a l 
IO 15 
1o o9 IO IO— .o5 
USGovt Sec 
9 8o 
9.79 9 
8 o+ .o1 
M assachusett Co: 
Fre e do m Fd 
8.16 8.13 
Independ F d 
7 2o 
7,11 
M ass Fd 
1o 64 
1o.6o 
M ass F in a n c l: 
+ 
M IT 
IO 55 1o.48 
M IG 
8 28 
8 22 
M ID 
14 67 14 63 
M F D 
12 o6 11.93 
M C D 
13.36 1318 
M F B 
15.4o 15.37 
M a th e rs F n d n 
13.63* 
13.55 

.o1 

8 85 + 
8 27 . l l I O - .o1 
8.38 - .o2 
26.16 
.o4 
9.6o + .o6 
16 79+ .o8 

4.18 
6.82 
7 78 . . . 
IO 92 + .o4 
7 72 + .18 
1.37+ 
OI 
LOO 
. 
15 15+ .o3 

4.39— . l l 
3 46 + .o1 
IO 41+ .o6 
2.81 + .o2 
3 1o+ .o3 
7.75+ .IO 
8 84— .o8 
1 .4 8 - .o2 
IO. 12 

841 + 
6.o8 + 

V o n e y M k M g t n 
M O N Y Fund 
M S B F un d n 
1o 
M u tu a l B e n e fit 
M IF Fund 
M IF G ro w tb 
M u tu a lo f O m aha 
A m e ric a 
G ro w th incom e 
M u tu a iS h rs n 
N E A M u tu a l n 
N a tlln d u s tn 
N a ! Secur S e r: 
B alanced 
Bond 
D iv id e n d 
G ro w th 
P re fe rre d 
Inco m e 
Stock 
N E l.ife F und: 
E q u ity 
G ro w th 
Inco m e 
Side 
N e u b e rg e r B e rm : 
E n e rg y n 
G u a rd ia n M n 
P a rtn e rs n 
N e u w irth F d n 
N e w W rld F d n 
N e w ton G w th n 
N ew ton In c F d n 
N ic h o la s F d tn n 
N o m u ra C a p F d 
N o re a s tln v n 
N u vee n F d 
O m ega F u nd 
O n e W illia m n 
O pp e nh eim e r F d : 
O ppenhm Fd 
O pp Inc Bos 
M o n y B r n 
Tax F re e B d n 
A iM n 
T im e 
O verC o un l Sec 
P a ra m tM u tu a l 
P au l R e vere 
P en n S q ua re n 
P e n n M u tu a l n 
P h ila Fund 
P h o e n ix C a p F d 
P hoenix Fd 
P ilg rim G im : 
P ilg rim F o rm 
P ilg rim Fd 
M e g na C a p n 
M a q na in c o m 
P in eS tre etn 
P io ne er F u nd : 
F und 
11 
P la nn ed Inve st l.lig ro w th Fnd 
P l i tre n d Fnd 
P ric e F u n d s : 
G ro w th F d n 
Inco m e n 
N e w E ra n 
N e w H o rizn n 
T a x F re e n 
P ro F und n 
P ro v id e r O rth 
P ru SIP 
P u tn a m F unds: 
C onvert 
E q u it 
G eorqe 
G ro w th 
Inco m e 
Inve st 
T a x E x e m p t 
V ista 
V oyage 
R a in b o w F d n 
R e serveF d n 
R e v e re r undo 
S a fe c o E q u itF d 
Safeco G ro w th 
St P aul Cap 
S 'P a u l G wth 
S cudS tevC lk 
C om m on S tn in c o m e n 
I 
In tlF u n d n 
M a n a q e R e s n 
I 
M M u n iB d n 
I 
S pecial n 
2 
S e c u rity F u n d s : 
E q u ity 
Inve st 
U ltra 
S entinel G ro up . 
A pex Fund 
B alan ced Fd 
C om m on S lk 
I 
S entinel G ro w th 
S en try F und 
I 
S ha re ho ld e rs G p: 
C om stock Fd 
E n te rp ris e Fd 
F le lrh e r Fd 
H a rb o r F u nd 
L eg al l ist 
P ace F u nd 
I 
Shearson F u nd s: 
A p p re c ia tio n 
I 
Inco m e 
I 
In v e s t 
I 
S ie rra G th n 
Sii rm n D ean n 
I 
S igm a F u nd s: 
C a pita l 
Invest 
I 
T ru s t Sh 
V e n tu re Shr 
I 
S m th B a rE q tn 
I 
S m th B a rl& G n 
I 
SoGen Int 
I 
S outhw stn Inv 
S o u th w n ln v G th 
S overeign In v 
S p e c tra F d n 
:>tate B o n d G r: 
C om m on Fd 
D iv e rs ifie d F 
P ro g re s s F d 
Stat F a rm G th n 
S ta tF a rm B a ln 
S tateS t Inv 

Leaders 

14 (KS 
13 9 

>11 
9 o7 
61 
8.57 
82 
3.79 

I ! 65 
3 95 
9 41 
29 44 
8 IO l l o9 

14 96 
28 17 
9 65 
8 12 
1o 57 
I) 55 
9 92 
14 IO 
9 49 
14 98 
9.53 
1o.4o 
13 41 

6 13 
8 65 
I OO 
IO 3o 
9 18 
7 28 
12 52 
8 68 
5 87 
8 2o 
3 68 
7 24 
7 94 
9 51 

9 IO 
8 58 
3.82— 

 l l 64— 
3.93— 
9 41 + 
29 44 + 
8 1o + l l o9 + 

17.36 
8 83 + .o3 
13.94+ 
- 
13924— .o1 

IS o3 + .o3 
28 27+ .o9 
9 6 9 + .o3 
8 15 
1o 64 l l 65 + 
9 92 
14 26 * . l l 
9 4 9 - .16 
15.oo f 
9 53— .o5 
1o.52+ .o7 
13 48— .o1 

N E W Y O R K (A P ) W e e k's tw e n ty m ost a c tiv e s to cks 
Y e a rly 
L ow 
W e e k s 
SI es 
H ig h 
L o w 
L a s t C h g 
2.339,6oo 
9M 
SM 
9 
_ 
U 
1,3o2 6oo 
62U 
57 
58 Ma- 
2 U 
1.11o.4oo 
2 8 '* 
27M 
28**— 
. j 

CO? 9oo 
28 
27U 
27**— 
M 
785 IOO 
19 
17 
19 
* 
2 U 
771,8oo 
2 9 ', 
28’ 9 
29M -- 
** 
. 74o.5oo 
T IM 
TO7, * * 
T IM f i „ 

736,7oo 
TSM 
74 M 
25U A 
*» 
72o.4oo 
12’ 9 
1o7» 
1 2 * a 
I U 
7o4,8oo 
35M 
34’ .. 
.IS . ■ IM 
692.9oo 
I AM 
15U 
16M A 
M ft6« 8oo 
65 
64M 
64 M A t 4 

666 7oo 
25+4 
2 2 ', 
JSM a 
2M 
. 
659 SOO 
ISM 
17’ 4 
H U A 
+9 
646 2oo 
69’ n 
67», 
68 
- 
I 
623.8oo 
618 4oo 
52’ • 
SOM 
5 1 4 * - 
’ J 
55+, s r * 
5 4*, 
M 
6o5 TOO 
TAM 
26U 
26M A 
I * 
UA IOO 
31*4 
3o 
3o* 4 , 
554.5oo 
SBH 
SJM 
58** A i n 

N E W Y O R K (A P ) 
Y e a rly 
W eek's A m e ric a n leaders. 
W eek's 
H igh 
LOW 
Sale 
H igh 
L ow la s t C h g , 
5?U A V t 
AOM 
39U 
H o u O ilM 
........... 1.111 JOO 
55U s o u 
8‘ 9 
SU 
G tB a s Pet 
394 3oo 
8’ J 
7M 
8 M + 
Vt 
I le u 
13’ a 
K n ic k T o y 
• 
345 7oo 
IBM 
17*4 
1 7 '*— 
* 4 
13M 
8 U 
R e s o rtln tl A 
3o8,2oo 
13M 
IO U 
U U * 3’ 4 
• 
I3M 
9 ', 
A s a m e ra O 
■ - . 
267,7oo 
13M 
12*4 
13 
- 
' * 
26’ 2 
14*4 
A u s t r a lia 
254.IOO 
26’ 7 
24+8 
26’ 7 a 2*4 
4*4 
? 7S 
M c C u ll Od 
?.i? 5oo 
3M 
3 
3 ' , a 
*, 
24M 
17+9 
S y n te x C o rp 
238 9oo 
2o+4 
18M 
19*4 A 
I 
8' i 
4 M 
Fed R esrcs 
2o3.2oo 
8 * , 
7 U 
8 ** F 
H 
VA 
I* 7 
R usco Ind 
2oo.9oo in 
TA 
TM + 
M 
Averages 

.o3 
W H A T T H E STO CK M A R K E T D ID 
T w o 
2 
T h is P re v .Y e a r Y e a rs w e ekw ee ka go ago 
’ A dvances 
9*6 131o 
939 
955 
D e clin es 
894 
5o8 
848 
U nchanged 
279 
288 
289 
T o ta l issues 
2119 21o6 
2o76 
New y e a rly h ig h s 
221 
236 
2o3 
N ew y e a rty lo w s 
144 
122 
6o 

W E E K L Y S A LE S 
Th isW e e k 

821 
231 
2oo? 
4oC 
24 

14.14 
15.56 l l 64 
1o 94 
8.o2 

12 22 
12 16 
9.59 
9 46 
13 8o 
13 75 
1o 41 
1o 35 
7 96 
7.92 
7,4o 
7.36 
24 o3 
24 OO 
9 88 
9 75 
11 78 l l 66 
2 OS 
2o2 
LOO 
I OO 
5 63 
5 58 
9 o4 
8 96 
9.o2 
8 96 
8 l l 
8 o7 
7 32 
7.27 

951 
9.47 
14 86 
14 61 
13.36 
13 27 
IO o3 
IO o2 
1o 25 
1o 24 
23.21 
22 98 

3 97 
3 95 
7 52 
7 49 
9 64 
9.58 

3 4o 
3.35 
8.o3 
7 91 
12 36 
12 21 
7 99 
7 96 
11 96 l l 85 

6 OI 
5 99 
518 
515 
5 26 
5 24 
8 57 
8 54 
A 73 
6 AB 
1o 31 
1o 3o 

16 73 
16 62 
18 68 
18 59 
1o.46 
IO 38 
9 l l 
9 OO 
18 78 
18 25 

8.57 
8 53 
1o 22 
IO. 14 
8 66 
8 61 
1o 18 
1ooo 
1o.o9 
1o.o4 
12 71 
12.67 
1o 87 
1o 49 
7 8o 
7 75 
4 753 4 73 
12 26 
12 2o 

12.82- 
8.57— 
3 48+ .OI 
9 3 3+ .o3 l l o 8 - .o6 

14.18+ .o3 
15 6 4+ .o5 
1 1 6 6 + 
o3 
1o 97 + .o2 
8 .o 5 - 
OI 

9.83+ .o2 
9 .9 8 + .o6 
IO 88 + .o5 
6 9 5 + .o6 
1o.2o 
6.13— .o1 
7 .4 3 - 
9 3 9 + .o2 

12.22 + 
o7 
9 5 9+ .12 
13.79— .o3 
1o 4 1+ .o1 
7 96 + .o3 
7.4o 
24 O I - .o7 
9 .8 3 + .1 
11 78+ 
o4 
2 o4+ .o3 
I OO 
5.61 + 
OI 
9 o4 + 
.o5 
9.o 2 * 
.o4 
8 1o + .o1 
7.32+ .o4 

9 51 + .o5 
14 86— OI 
13.36+ .o3 
1o.o2— .o1 
IO 25— .o4 
23 2 1 + .21 

3 9 7 + 
7 51 + 
9.64— 

3 .3 8 - 
7.92 — 
12 27— 
7 97 — l l 96 + 

6 OI + 
5.17 
5.25 
8 57 * 
6 71 + 
IO 31 — 

T hisW eek 
A Y e a rA g o 
N Y stocks . . 
97,o6o,ooo 98,385,43o 
N Y Bonds 
$94,39o,ooo 11o,715,ooo 
A m e ric a n S locks 
13.o3o ooo 12,221,o4o 
A m e ric a n Bonds 
. $4,61o,ooo 6,753,ooo 
M id w e s t S to cks...................6,115.ooo 5,825.ooo 

W eekly N u m b e r o f T ra d e d Issues 
.N Y 
Stocks 
2119 
N Y . Bonds 
159C 
A m e ric a n Stocks 
1121 
A m e ric a n Bonds 
119 

N E W Y O R K (A P ) — D ow Jones ra n g e at p ric e s to r the w eek ended OO. 
STOCK A V E R A G E S 
O pen 
H ig h Low C lose Chg. 
Indus 
933 O f 936.14 925.54 928.34— 8 4o 
T ra n s 
238.7o 24o 31 238 7o 24o 26+ I 9o 
U tils 
1o9 69 11o 46 1o9 69 11o.46 + o 35 
65 Stks 
312 95 314 18 312 26 312 95 -o.8o 
B O N D A V E R A G E S 
2o Bonds 
91.25 
91 31 
91 
16 91.31 + o o5 
A tils 
96 28 
96 28 
96 
12 9 6.25-o.o7 
Indus 
86.23 
86.37 
86 
21 86.37 + o.16 
C O M M O D IT Y F U T U R E S IN O E X 
387 16 39o.8o 379 8o 386 91 
5.o9 

EW 
Y O R K 
(A P ( 
— 
S ta n d a rd and lo o t' s W eekly 5oo s to c k In d e x : 
H ig h 
L ow 
Close 
Chg 
1o9 98 
1o9 o6 1o9 39 O 68 
15.o) 
14.88 15.o6 + o.23 
53 76 
53.46 53 76 * o 16 
11.67 
11,6) 11 64 * o o2 
99.47 
98 73 
99 o 3 - o 46 

•4oo Ind u st 
2o T ra n s 
* 
IO U tils 
•1o F in a n c ia l 
5oo Stocks 

P ct 
Up 
3 16 

N E W Y O R K (A P ) shows the N e w 
Y o rk 
Stock 
E x c h a n g e stocks and w a rra n ts th a t h ave gone up the m ost and dow n th e m ost in the past w eek based on p e rc e n to f ch an ge re q a rd le s s o fv o lu m e 
No s e c u ritie s tra d in g b elo w $2 a re in c l­ uded 
Net and p e rc e n ta g e c h a n g e s a re th e d iffe re n c e betw een la st w e e k's clo sin g p ric e and th is w e e k 's c lo s in g p ric e . 
UPS n a m e 
L a s t 
1 
W e a th rh d 
121 / 
2 
C a m b 1.6opf 
33’ z 
3 
Ga m b I 75pf 
34U 
: 
D y m o Ind 
12M 
5 
C a m b Skoq 
37’ > 
A 
ICN P tia rm 
SM 
7 
Pizza H ut 
25 
8 
G en R e fra c 
9M 
9 
Atar. A nd FO 
13’ J 
1o 
C l R ity ln v 
6'n 
11 
H a zeltine 
IO’ » 
12 
B obbie B rk s 
3 U i i 
L ion e l C orl 
?M 
Ll 
F a ra h M fg 
SM 
15 
P a tric k Pet I 
19 
16 
R ch a rd sn 
IA U 
17 
M c D oon D 
22’ n 
18 
P lessey L id 
14’ ? 
19 
A pache Cp 
24' j 
2o 
W oodsP etl 
27V. 
21 
Coast St Gas 
19 
22 
G inos Inc 
77-. 
23 
M orse Shoe 
I H i 
24 
SCA SVC 
3M 
25 
N a tC ity L in 
U M 
D O W N S 
L ast 
24*4 
14'/4 
4+4 
26'n 

Ups and Downs 
The fo llo w in g lis t 
N E W Y O R K (A P ) - The fo llo w in g lis t 
~ 
• shows the 
A m e ric a n 
S tock 
E x c h a n g e stocks and w a rra n t's th a t h a v e gone up the m ost and dow n th e m o s t in the past w eek based on p e rc e n t of ch an ge re q a rd le s s o fv o lu m e 
No s e c u ritie s tra d in g b e lo w $2 a re inc! uded 
N et and p e rc e n ta g e c h a n g e s a re th e d iffe re n c e betw een la st w e e k ’s c lo s in g p ric e and th s w e e k 's c lo s in g p ric e . 
UPS n a m e 
L a s t 
C h g 
P c t. 
1 
O rm a n d Ind 
3 M 
+ I 
Up 
42.1 
2 
In t Fdsvc 
3 
Resor t In tl B 
4 
B aruch Post 
5 
R esort In tl A 
6 
G a rla n d Cp 
7 
N at P arag n 
8 
M r C ull O il 
9 
Tenna Corp 
1o 
A rro w Elec.1 
11 
F a y D rg 
12 
C M I Corp 
13 
C in e ra m a 
14 
Na) System 
15 
In a rc o Cp 
16 
Leu Press 
17 
M a te rls Rsh 
18 
K in A rk C p 
19 
A tla s C p w t 
2o 
Rusco Ind 
21 
U n it A lrc P d 
22 
G e rb e r Sci 
•23 
H illh e v e n 
24 
R uddiek Cp 
25 
B u tle r In t 

C hg 
• 3 
6’ i 
6+4 
• 2’ 4 
6’ ? 
1 
4’ i 
I ’ } 
2 
1 
IM 
U 
+8 
+4 
2+8 
2 
2+4 
1+4 
2 'b 
3’ a 
2’ a 
- 
7'. 
1«4 

.o2 

16 73 + 
18.68 + 
1o.41 * 
9. IO + .o9 
18 48 + .18 

o6 

.o4 

N am e 
Assd DG ds 
H u nt Chem 
Sonesta 
W a r Swasey 
W innebago 
A m p in Sys 
Johnson E F 
Lone St a ind 
LornN F in 
M o b il Hom e 
B f 
M onth 
R edm an ind 
W o lv e r WW 
Am M o to rs 
L y k e s Corp 
A rle e 
R lty 
Sony Corp 
M edusa up 
Coleco 
Ind 
A m esD ep St 
K o ra c o rp In 
L itto n Ind 
F e d e rD S tr 
US Shoe 
W h itta k r 

3’ a 
7’ 2 
21 
9M 
2M 
21+4 
2+4 
4’ 8 
4*4 
IO1 8 
3 
9 
29’ i 
6 ’ 4 
9> z 
6*8 
1 2*4 
35’ ? 
21’ • 
4 + 8 

1*8 

Chg 
- 4 ’i 
- 2’ 8 
- 
*8 
3 U 
_ i j 
- 
+8 
- 
M 

Up 
Up 
Up 
Up 
Up 
Up 
Up 
Up 
Up 
Up 
Up 
Up 
Up 
Up 
Up 
Up 
U p 
Up 
Up 
Up up up up up 

24.1 
24.1 
21 2 
21 o 
2o 5 
2o 5 
17.9 
17 8 
17 o 
15 7 
15 4 
15.o 
14.6 
14 3 
14.o 
13.7 
13.7 
13 3 
13.o 
12 6 
12.5 
12.5 
12.5 
12.3 

P ct. 
O ff 14 7 
O ff 13.o 
O ft IL A 
O ff l l 6 
O ft 111 
O ff 1o.7 
O ff IO 4 
O ff 
9 7 
O ff 
O ff 
O ft 
O ff 
O ff 
O ft 
O ff 
O ff 
O ff 
O ff 
O ff 
O ff 
O ft 
O ff 
O ff 
O ft 
O ff 
D o lla r 

2+8 

1 
2 + 4 
1*8 

Steadm an 
F u n d s : 
A m e rin d n 
AssoF T ru s t n 
Inve st n 
O ceanogra n 
S tein Roe F d s: 
B alan ced 
CapO pn 
S tockn 
S u rv e y o r Fd 
T e m p G th Can 
T e m p ln v F d n 
T ra n sa m Cap 
T ra n sam Inve st 
T ra v e le rs E q F d 
T udo r H edge n 
2othC entG th n 
7othCont Inc n 
U S A A C ap G th n 
U S A A ln c F d n 
USG ovt Secur 
U n ilM u tu a ln 
U nion S v c G rp : 
B roadS t Inv 
N a t Invest 
U nion C a pito l 
U nion Inc Fd 
U n ite d F u n d s : 
A c c u m u ltiv 
Bond 
Cont G ro w th 
Cont In c o m e 
IN C O M E 

4 ?e 
5 OI 
3 86 
5 94 
9.5o 
42 34 

4 25 
4 99 
3.83 
5 91 
9 47 
42 17 

2 32 
I o9 
I 43 
6 24 

NEW YORK 
N E W Y O R K (A P ) — The fo llo w in g is a lis t of th e m o st a c tiv e s to c k s based on the d o lla r v o lu m e 
3 
The to ta l is based on th e m e d ia n p ric e if the sto ck tra d e d m u ltip lie d b y the shares tra d e d 
Tot($1ooo) Sales (bds )L a s t 
$113,4564469 253’ 4 
$77,5o4 13o26 
58*8 
$44,264 
6462 
68 
$43,221 
6688 
64 Vt 
$33,239 
6184 
54M 
$12,o47x6238 
51+8 
$31,745 
5545 
58M 
$31,23o111o4 
28+8 
$27,557 
4741 
57+8 
$24,579x7o48 
35 Vt 

N am e 
A M AX w t 
P re sley Co 
A m 
Is ra e li 
R aym 
Proc 
V e rm n tA m 
Tubos M e x 
C o a t h m n 
Cooper J a rr 
E x e c u tv ln d 
G a rc ia Corp 
L lo y d s El lr 
Corn pu 
Dyn im pe r 
Ina 
G lo u c s tr En 
Sterl E x tr d r 
Pol y c h rm 
F a irm n t Ch 
G enge Inc 
B erven CptS 
H ofm 
Ind 
H o w e ll Ind 
S chrader Ab 
S pe ctro Ind 
Techcl Tape 
Cdn Horn std 

L a s t 
3+8 
2 ’ a 
24+8 
3 
13 + 4 
4’ J 
8' ? 
3+8 
3 * 8 
7*4 
8 ’ 8 
3+4 
2>4 
6 
2+8 
8 
12 
2’ 7 
13*8 
2 M 
11*8 
9 
7*8 
7 ’ '4 
15*8 
D O W N S 
Last 
3+4 
13 
2+8 
3o’ b 
21 
2+8 l l ' j 
5 
6 
2 
5+4 
2 ' 4 
2’ 4 
9>4 
2+8 
8 + 8 j . , 

2' 4 
2 * 4 
2+4 
4'8 
5 + 2 
4' 8 
2+ 4 
5$8 

C hg 
* I 
'8 
, 6' j 
*4 
• 3+4 
* I 
■ 
1*8 
. 
3,4 
- 
*8 
' 
I * H 
• 1*8 
$8 
+8 
I 

C h i c a g o 
O p t i o n s 

F rid a y 
M a y 13 
O ption & p ric e 
AAay 
Aug 
Nov 
Close 
' A E P 
TC o n a a 
23M 
A E P 
.25 a a 
5 16 
JSM 
. A m HOS 
2o b 
BM 
4*9 
23M 
5 A irt HOS 
25 
I 16 
*4 l l 16 
23M 
A m Hos 
3o a 
I 16 a 
23 ’ , 
A V P 
3o 
I 16 IS 16 
IM 
28 
« 
Batty 
2o 
M 23 16215 16 
TOM 
B a lly 
25 a 
M 
1*4 
TOM 
B ally 
3o a 
1 r 
1 9 
2 o*, 
B a x te r 
3o 
M a 
2H 
29's 
B a x te r 
15 a a 
13 16 
29 M 
Blk Dk 
IS 
IM 
1*4 
2’ 4 
16*4 
B lk Ok 
2o a 
3 16 
*8 
IA U 
Boeing 
35 
17M a b 
STM 
, Boeing 
BO 
IT M 
13U 
1 2 '* 
52*4 
Boeing 
45 
1H 
8 ’ 4 
SM 
52* * 
Boeing 
Bo a C 
SO b 
BU 
5+4 
52U 
IS 
7’ j a a 
3 2 ', 
Bois C 
3o21116 a 
3M 
3 2 '* 
Bois C 
35 a 
IM A 
IU 
3 2 ', 
C B S 
5o 
8*4 a a 
SBM 
C B S 
6o 
3 16 
IM 
2M 
SRU 
Coke 
TO 
3M 
4*4 
5*4 
73 U 
Coke 
8o 
I 16 
IS 16113 16 
7 3U 
Col g a t 
IS 
116 
M l l 16 
24’ 9 
Coig at 
OO 
I 16 a a 
24’ 7 
C m w f;d 
JO 
I 16 
M 
Vt 
29 M 
C D ata 
. 
2o 
IM 
2*4 
2M 
21U 
C D ata 
25 
I 16 
M 15 16 
J IM 
Go D yn 
.. SO 
4*4 
SU a 
54'4 
On D yn 
6o a 
IM 
2+4 
54+4 
GE Ut 
53 M 
M a b 
54'4 
Gen F d 
.. 3o 
IM 
IU 
2 
31M 
Gen F d 
35 a 
3 16 
5 16 
S IM 
Howlet 
TO 
4 U 
6M 
7 
74 
H o w le t 
.. 8o 
I 16 
IM 
2M 
74 
.H o w le t 
9 a 
14 b 
74 
H Inns 
1o113 16 
2 *, 
2+9 
IIM 
H Inns 
IS 
I 16 
U 
'A l l 7,' 
H onw ll 
■to 
12 n u b 
5J't> 
MonwM 
45 
7 
7M 
7M 
52+* 
Honw It 
5o 21 16 
3*4 
4*4 
52U 
In F ly 
. 
TO 
3 16 
I 
19 16 
19 M 
111 Flv 
25 
I 16 
I 16 
M 
19M 
J M a n v 
25 
IO U a b 
35 U 
J M an v 
3o 
5 
5*4* 
5M 
35U 
J M any 
35 
M 
IM 23 16 
35’ * 
M G IC 
15 
9 16 
19 16 a 
IS M 
M G IC 
» a 
3 16 
+9 
ISM 
Mobil 
SS l l b b 
66*8 
M obil 
6o 
SH a i n 
66*8 
M obil 
65 
V i 
3 on 
66 G 
M ob'I 
TO 
13 16 19 16 
AAM 
N Semi 
IS 
4 
4M 
4*4 
19 
N Semi 
2o 
3 16 
IM 
TM 
19 
N Semi 
25 
1 16 
1. 
U 
19 
N Sem i 
3o a 
I 16 b 
19 
N Semi 
35 
I 16 b b 
19 
Occi 
.. . . .15 
13’ * 
13 b 
28+4 
Occi 
2o 
8 M 
BM 
SM 
28+4 
Occi 
. . . . 
25 
3 U 
3*4 
4M 
28’ Ii 
O c c i 
3o 
I 16 13 16115 16 
28U 
R aythn 
5o a 
14 
13** 
63' 7 
Rciythn 
6o 
3M 
4’ , 
5M 
63' 1 
R ynlds 
AO 
6 '* 
71 7 a 
AAU 
R yn ld s 
7o 
16 
M 
I U 
6 6 '* 
Slum Im 
6o 
3 U a 
6 
64 
SI urn b 
6 6 ', 
1 • 
IM b 
64 
Slumb 
,. 7o b 
13 16 
I U 
64 
S kylin 
IS 
16 
H 
I 
13*4 
Sky tin 
TO 
I 16 
’ n 
3 16 
13*4 
Southn 
IO 
AU a 
6 U 
16*4 
Southn 
15 
H u 
IM 
17 16 
IA U 
St Ind 
5o 
2*8 
3 a 
52U 
St Ind 
SS a 
M 
1+4 
52’ j 
Tx G it 
IS l l 16 
7 
2M 
26 
T x GU 
3o a 
M l l 16 
26 
U A L 
. 
2o 
3 U 
3M 
4 U 
23M 
U A L 
25 
I 16 13 16 15 16 
23+* 
U Tech 
3o a 
1o*4 b 
4o 
U Tech . 
35 
5 
5M 
SM 
4o 
U Tech 
4o 
7 16113 16 
2M 
4o 
J W a it 
. 
3o 
3M 
4M 
4M 
33+9 
J W alt 
35 
I 16 
1U111 16 
33U 
J W a lt 
4o a 
I 16 a 
33+a 
W ille rs 
2o 
2 ', 
3 ’ 4 
3M 
23 
W illm s 
25 
16 
Jul 
M 13 16 
O ct 
Jan 
23 

+- 1+4 
+ 1*8 
+ 
+8 
+ 2 
+ 
*8 
+ 148 
+ 1+4 
+ I 
+ I iv * 

Up 
Up 
Up u p 
Up 
Up 
Up 
Up 
Up 
Up 
Up up 
Up 
Up 
Up 
Up 
Up 
A p 
Up 
Up up 
Up up up 

41.7 
35 4 
3393 
31.o 
28 6 
25 9 
24.o 
22 7 
21 6 
2o.4. 
2oo 
2o o 
2oo 
18 8 
18.5 
18 5 
17.6* 
17.2 
16 7 
16 7 
16 I 
16 o 
16.o 
15 7 

- 2+8 
- 
1 2 
4+8 
3 
5 16 
I ' 2 
4» 

P ct. 
O ff 18.8 
O ff 18 I 
O ff 16.o 
O ff 13.9 
O ff 12 5 
O ff l l 6 
O ff 11 5 
O ff 111 
O ff 111 
O ff l l I 
O ff 1o 6 
O ff IO o 
O ff IOO 
O ff 
9.8 
O ff 
O ff 
O ff 
O ff 
O ff 
O ft 
O ff 
O ff 
O ff 
O ff 
O ft zeaders 

A M E R ICA N 

N E W Y O R K (A P ) — The fo llo w in g is a list of the m ost a c tiv e e to c k s based on the d o lla r vo lu m e . 
The to ta l is basedon the m e d ia n p ric e jf th e stock tra d e d m u ltip lie d by th e 
-.hares tra de d . 
N am e 
Tot(SlOOO) S a le s (h d s )L a s t 
H o u O ilM 
. . . . 
$59,176 IU 13 
52+4 
Kew anee In . 
$7,639 
19o4 
414. 
.A u s tra l O il 
$6,447 
2541 
26+2 
K n ic k T o y 
$6,22233457 
17*8 
Syntex Corp 
$4,628 
2389 
19+8 
D om e P e tri 
$3,93o 
1o66 
36' 
R esort In tl A .................... $3,736 
3o82 
13*8 
A sam era O 
................... $3,547 
2677 
13 
GI Bas Pet 
$3,1o5 
3943 
8*8 
M itc h lE D 
$2,951 
7o9 39M 

6 o43 5 99 
7 42 
7.37 
12 o3 
9 75 
8.44 

Science 
V a n g u a rd 
U n itS v c s F d n 
V a iu e L IN E Fd: 
V a lu e L in e 
Inco m e 
L e v rg e d G rth 
S ped S it 
V an e e S anders: 
Inco m e 
Inve st 
C om m on 
S pecial 
V a n d rb ltG th n 
V a n d rb ltln c m n 
V a n g u a rd G roup 
E x p lo re r Fnd n 
F st Index n iv e s tF u n d n 
M o rg a n F n d n 
T ru s te e s E q n 
Wet lesteyn 
W e llin g to n n 
W e s tm in B d n 
W ind sor Fnd n 
V a rie d Indust 
Wa ii St G ro w th 
W e in g rln E q n 
W e s tfie ld G rw th 
W iscon sin Incm 
No lo ad fund. 

5 38 
5 o6 
I 49 

7 2o 
5 24 
9.73 
4 31 

12 OI 
974 
8 4o 

11 85 
6 18 
IO 99 
12 83 

6 23 
7 31 
8 83 
9 4o 

? Vt 
5 34 
5 OI 
1.45 

M arket Futures 
C H IC A G O (A P ) — F u tu re s tra d in g on the C hicago M e rc a n tile E x c h a n g e 
F ri d ay: 
Open 
H ig h Low C lose 
P ry 
L IV E B E E F C A T T L E (4o,ooo lbs) 

12.92 + .o8 

43 65 
43.o5 
42 
43 oo 
43.o7 
43.6o 
44.77 

18.65 
13 69 
7 58 
11 18 
8 9o 
12 2o 
9.77 
9 63 
1o.24 
3 44 
6 26 l l 48 
6.92 
5.24 

13 5 4 + .o1 
7 21— OS 
6.19 
8 o3 
3 7 8 - 
3 9o + 
+8 
18.47 
18.65 + .2o 
13 59 
13 63— 
.o5 
7.53 
7 58 + 
.o5 
11 o8 l l 18 + 
.1o 
8 86 
8 9o + 
.o1 
12 17 
12 2o a 
.o2 
9 72 
9.74 — 
.o2 
9 61 
9 63 + 
.o2 
IO 18 
1o.24 a 
.o5 
3 41 
3.44 + 
.o2 
A 23 
6 .2 6 a 
.o2 l l 39 l l 48 + 
.o9 
6 88 
6 .9 o -- 
.o1 
5 22 
5.24 

O V E R T H E 
C O U N T E R 
Q u o ta tio n s (ro m the H A S D a re re p r e ­ s e n ta tiv e in te r -d e a le r p ric e s o s o f a p ­ p ro x im a te ly 3 p.m . in te r-d e a le r m a rk e ts ch an ge th ro u g h o u t the day. P ric e s do n ot in c lu d e re ta il m a rk -u p , m a rk -d o w n o r co m m ission . 
M a y 13, 1977 

8 16+ .o2 
7 .1 2 - .o4 
IO 6 2 - AOI 

1o.53-+ .o2 
8.28+ .o5 
14 6 7+ .o2 
12.o6+ .14 
13 36+ .16 
15.4o+ .o2 
13.68+ .o6. 

A lo m o S avings 
B id 
I 7+9 
A s k e d 
19 
A irie r F d rs. 
16’ 7 
17' 9 
A m m e st 
3M 
4* 3 
A m e r. Sec. L it 
4+9 
5 
B e x a r Co. Bk 
26 7 
28+7 
C a fe te ria s Inc. 
19*4 
2o*4 
C om m P ro p 
5 's 
5+7 
C ullen 
15*4 
16*4 
D o rc h e s te r G as 
7777777777777 I U 
11*4 
E l P aso E lec l l *4 
I2 U 
F o re s t O il 
19U 
2o 
F ra n k 
237 * 
24' 4 
F t. Sam Bk S hares 
3? 
34 
F ro s t Bk 
21 
22+7 
G u lf E n e rg v 
IT M 
13U 
H a n d y Dan 
13 
14 
H e n ry S. M ille r 
9 
IO 
K e lly Fie ld NII 
2o 
21U 
M e re of Tx C om m 
26 
26+j 
M e re of TX Pfd 
65 
66 U 
M e rc h a n ts 
19 
2o 
NBC of Tex 
37 
38 7 
O ly m p ia B re w 
19* j 
7o u 
P en in sula 
ISM 
13 
P la to 
AM 
6 U 
Pogo 
12*4 
13 
Shop Com m 
2 U 
3 
Shop P fd 
9 -4 
— 
S ig m o r 
12M 
13*8 
S tw o rt & S tvnson 
M U 
U U 
T e xas In tl A ir 
4 
4+, 
T ip p e ra ry 
19’ 4 
19*4 
T ra n s p o rt L it 
6* ■ 
6 ' 7 
W e a th e rfo rd In tl 
I? ’ 7 
13 
W in n s 
2o+9 
21*7 

Jun 
43 8o 
43.95 43.42 
43 7o 
Auq 
43 25 
43 
4 5 43 oo 
4 3 3o 
Dei 
42 3o 
42 4o 42 12 
42 4o 
Dec 
43 1o 
43.27 43 o5 
43 27 
Feb 
43 3o 
43 35 43 2o 
43 25 
A pr 
o 75 
43 
75 43 65 
43 75 
Jun 
45 oo 
45 oo 44.6o b44.8o 
Sales 
Jane 5o96. A ug 319o. O ct 8o8; 
Dec 556 Feb 96 A p ril 46 
June 25. 
Open in te re st 
June 18158; A ug 22o49, 
O d 94 78 
Dec 5o71. Feb 286o, A p ril 1231, 
June 155. 
F E E D E R C A T T L E (42 OOO lbs) 
41 62 
41 25 
43 4o 
43 1o 
42 9o b42 9o 
43.45 
43.37 
43.7o 
43 85 
45 o5 
45 o5 
45.25 6 45.55 
Sep 12; O d 
2oo, NOV 6o; M a rc h 6; A p ril 2 
Open in te re s t: M a y 3o6. A ug 1394; Sep 
424. O d 2376. Nov 942, M a rc h 1o3; A p ril 
25. 
L IV E HOGS (3o.ooo lbs) 
Jun 
45.65 46 IO 
45 4o 
45.8o 45.2o 
Jut 
46 65 4 7 2o 
46 5o 
46.75 46 35 
Aug 
44 65 45 2o 
44.4o 
44 6o 44.2o 
O d 
39 
6o 39 65 
39 1o 
39 1o 39 22 
Dec 
39 75 39 95 
39 4o 
39 4o 39.65 
Feb 
39 
7o 4o 2o 
39 45 39 6o 3 39.8o 
A p r 
37 85 38 25 
37.75 
37 75 38 oo 
Jun 
... 
.....................341.oo n41.25 
Sales 
June 2271, 
J u ly 2o19. A ug 96o 
Oct 244. Dec 1o4; Feb 38; A p r il 6, June 

Open in te re s t 
Ju ne 
4547; 
J u ly 417o; 
Aug 2752. O d 16o7, Dec 526; F e b 168. 
A p ril 83; June 2. 
P O T A T O E S ! ru s s e t-b u rb a n k s ) (8o,ooo lb s) 
Nov 
7 48 
7 48 
7.46 
7.46 n7.5o 
AAar 
---- ---------- ---------- n 8 .16 nB.16 
A p r 
— n 8 46 n8 46 
M a y 
---- 
— 
. 
------ n 9 .16 nV.16 
Sales 
N ov 2; M a r o; A p ril o, M a y o. 
Open in te re s t: M a y l l ; NOV 44, M a rc h 
8. A p ril 9; M a y 2o. 
S H E L L EGGS ( 22,5oo doz) 
M a y 
46 55 
46.85 4 6 35 
46.85 b46 7o 
Jun 
49.oo 
49 OO 48 7 5 
48.85 
49,oo 
Jut 
53.oo 
53 oo 52 55 
52.55 
52.8o 
S E P 
MS, M ? 
U S .* a? 
M — .— 
.&? 
M & .U ? 
Nov n 59 8o P59.8o 
Dec 
61.3o 
61.5o 
61.3o 
61.3o a614o 
Sales: M a y 26; June 41; Jut 7; Sep 129; 
N ov o. Dec 2. 
Open in te re s t: M a y 168; June 462; Jut 
1o4, Sop 635: N o v 13, Dec 9. 
P O R K B E L L IE S (36,ooo lbs) 
M a y 
61.75 
61.9o 6o 9o 
61 45 
62.6o 
61.4o 
57 5o 
56 95 
.56 95 

62 3o 
A1 OO 
57.2o 
56 6o 
56 6o 

613o 
621o 
AO 15 
6o 7o 
56 7o 
5 6 9o 
56 25 356.4o aS6.15 
56 25 
56.4o a 56.2o 
A ug 

61.2o 
61.5o 
6o 3o 
56. $o 

Jut 
Aug 
Feb 
M a r 
M a y 
Sates: M a y 9o, 
J u ly 6863 
Feb 246, M a rc h 2; M a y I 
Open in te re s t: M a y 757; J u ly 6o73; A ug 
2291; Feb 782. M a rc h 234, M a y 1o6 b - B id ; a -A ske d, n— N o m in a ! 
IC E D B R O IL E R S (3o,ooo lbs) 
4) 97 
42 5o 41 97 42.2o 
42 9o 
43 2o 42 9o 43 oo 
44 25 
44 
25 44 OO 44 OO 
43 .9o 
44 
.o5 43 85 
42 8o 
42.9o 
42.8o 

The Market In Brief 
NY Stick Eicki«|t lisles 
Frilly. May 13 mm 

K U I Mil 
54.13 ♦R17 r m s r 
RM3HJ9 
Rn inn M. 
CIJ4 ♦ ?N ^ 

M ay 
Jun 
Jut 
■Aug 
Sep 
43 95 
42 9o 
Money Rales 

Chicago Grain 

C H IC A G O (A P ) — S oybean p ric e s ad va need on the C h ica go B ord o f tr a d e F ri 
Jay, b ut g ra in s m o s tly d e c lin e d , e s p e c ia l­ ly w h ea t w h ic h fa ile d to su sta in T h u rs 
Jay's u p w a rd m om en turn. 
B ro kers said c o m m is s io n house, com 
•nercial and lo cal b u y in g a ll c o n trib u te d to the soybean p ric e s u rg e The old c ro p m onths of M a y and J u ly ju m p e d the 3o en! lim it on the o p e n in g b ell and sla y e d the re fo r m ost of the session. 
A c o u rt o rd e r liftin g a soybean d e liv e ry im ita tio n im posed on the H u n t fa m ily 
■yes a p lu s fa c to r to r soybeans, so urces la id . 
A fte r a sh ort b u y in g sp re e at the open ng b e ll, w h ea t te ll u n d e r lo ca l s e llin g g re ssure and w as u na ble to re c o v e r d u r mg the day 
P rice s w e re as m uch as 5+4 cents a bushel lo w e r. 
Corn lost g ro u n d in lig h t tra d in g w h ile tats w e re m ix e d , up 3 ce nts in th e M a y c o n tra ct b u t d ow n a p enny in M a rc h . 
Soybean m e a l w as s tro n g e r and o il also 
1445, gained. Iced b ro ile rs w e re h ig h e r 
At the close, w h e a t w a s I ’ i to 5+4 ce nts 
* bushel lo w e r. M a y 2.5o’ J ; co rn was IM to 3’ 2 lo w e r, M a y 2 41* ?, o a ts w e re ) lo w 
*r to 3 h ig h e r, M a y I TS’ v and soybeans w ere 5 to 3o h ig h e r. M a y 9 83’ i bid 
O p e n 
H g n L o w C lo s e P ra v 
W H E A T (5,ooo bu) 
M ay 
2 55 
2.55 
2 49 
2.5o’ ? 2.52 
Jal 
2 59 
2.59*4 2 52 
2 53’ * 2 57 
Sep 
2 67 
2 67 
2 59 
2 AO’ i 2 64 
Dec 
2 74 
2 74V, 2 66 
2 68’ * 2.73 
M a r 
2.79’ , 2 81 
2 73 
274+4 2 79 
M ay 
2 84 
2.84 
2.75’ * 2 77 +4 2 83 

42 OO 
42.95 
43.9o 
43.92 
43.oo 

Amarillo Livestock 

A M A R IL L O , T ex. (A P ) — C o n firm e d 
31oo. T ra d e e x tre m e ly slo w th ro u g h o u t the P a n h a n d le a re a th ro u g h 
T h u rs d a y . 
L im ite d sales s la u g h te r steers stea d y to w e ak, not enough s la u g h te r h e ife rs sold to test tre n d s. /Most fee d lots re p o rt lig h t in te re s t and in q u iry p a r tia lly due to lo w e r and depressed ca rc a s s beet tra d e 
Sales an 
28oo s la u g h te r stee rs, 3oo s la u g h te r n e ite rs . 
(N ote 
A lt liv e c a ttie p ric e s based on net w e ig h ts fo b the fe e d lo t a fte r 
4 p e rc e n t s h rin k .) 
S la ug hte r steers 
Good and m o s tly c h o ice 7o 85 p e rc e n t c h o ic e 2-4 1o5o 11oo lbs 43.oo-43.5o M ix e d good and ch o ic e 2 4 
1o5o 11oo lb s 42 oo 43 oo 
One L oad good and few choice 2 3 1o5o lbs 41.oo. 
S la u g h te r h e ife rs : 
One lo a d so rted cholee 2-3 95o lb s 46 25. M ix e d good and choice 2-3 875 9oo lb s 39.oo-39 5o. 

N E W Y O R K (A P ) — M o n ey ra te s fo r 
F rid a y . 
3 P rim e ra te ; 6'4. 
D isco u nt ra te : 5+4 
F e d e ra l fun d s m a rk e t ra te 
5 ’ s h ig h , 55 16 lo w , 5+8 close 
D ealer ’s c o m m e rc ia l p a p e r . 
3o 18o days 5* s S’ 2 
C o m m e rc ia l p a p e r b y fin a n c e c o m p a n y : 
3o 27o days 5-5+a 
B an ke rs accep tan ces d e a le r in d ic a tio n s : 
3o 59 d a y s , 5.2o 5.1o 
6o 89 d a y s , 5.35 5 25 
9o-119 days, 5.45 5 35 
12o 179 d a y s , 5.6o-5.5o 
18o 27o d ays, 5 75 5 65 
C e rtific a te s of d e p o sit: 
3o 59 days, 4+. 5 
6o 89 d a y s , 5 5 ’ a 
9o 119 d ays, 5* 8 5*4 
12o 179 d a y s , 5 ’ » 5*a 
18o 36o d ays, 5*8 5** 
T e le ra te m o n ey m a rk e t in d e x : 
5 18, unchanged fro m T h u rs d a y , jn d up o 25 for the w eek 
E ro d o lla rra te s 
O v e rn ig h t V a 25 16 
I m onth 5+4 513 16 
3 m o n th s 5*4 5+8 
6 m o n th s 
1 h 63 16 
I y e a r 67 16 69 16 

Butter and Eggs 

C H IC A G O (A P ) - 
((J S D A ) — B u tte r s te a d y ; w h o le s a le b u y in g p ric e s F rid a y u nch an g ed ; 93 sco re A A 1,oo71; 
92 A 
I oo 71, 9o B unquoted. 
Eggs m o s tly s te a d y ; sales d e liv e re d store d o o r, c a rto n s u n c h a n g e d , A e x tra la rg e 55 62, A la rg e 54 59; A n > * iiu m s 44- 

C O RN (5,ooo bu) 
M ay 
2.45 
2.45 
2 41 
2.41’ 2 2 43 
Jut 
2 47 
2 47 
2.42*4 2.42 
2 44’ 4 
Sep 
2 49+, 2 5o 
2.45’4 2.45*4 2.48 
Dec 
2 .5 2 ', 2.53 
2 48 
2.48 
2.51’ > 
M a r 
2 6o'? 2.6o1? 2.55’ , 2 55’ , 2 59 
M a y 
2.64’ , 2.61* j 2.59+4 2.59 + 4 2.62 
O ATS (5,ooo bu) 
M a y 
1 78 * 4 1.8o 
1 76 
1.78 u 
1.75’ ? 
Jut 
I 66’ ,41.66*,4 1.61’ * I 65Vi 
I 64*4 
Sep 
L6o 
1.6o 
1.55*4 I 58 
1.58'J 
Dec 
1.62’ 7 1.63 
1.59 
I 61V* I 61V, 
M a r 
I 65’ z 1.65’ , I 62 
I 62 
I 63 
S O Y B E A N S (5,ooo bu) 
M ay 
Jul 
Aug 
Sec 
Nov 
Jan 
M a r 
M a y 
Jul 

9 83’ .* 9 83’ 2 9 83’., 9.83* , 9.53’ , 
9 73’ , 9 73’/, 9 63 
9 73’ , 9 43s 3 
9.55’ , 9.55’/* 9.42 
9 55 
1.2o 
8 28 8 o 7 
8 1o 
7 29 
7 32 
7.34 
738 
7 38 
7 41 
7 49 
7 51 
7.59 

7 5o 
7 53 
7 57 
7 62 
7 63 

7 41* , 7 43 
7 46 
7 48 

9 .2 5 ', 
7 98 
7.29' , 
7 33 
7 37 
7 42’ , 
7 47 
7 48’ , 7.43’ , 

M a y 
Jut 
Aug 
Sop 
O rt 
Dec 
Jan 
M a r 
M a y 
Jul 

S O Y B E A N O IL (4o,ooo lbs) 
31 3o 
31 35 
31 3o 
29 94 
27 95 
26 95 
26 75 
26 4o 
26.25 
25 9o 

31.45 
31 6o 
31 4o 
3o 25 
28.4o 
27.o5 
26.8o 
26 6o 
26 25 
25 9o 

3o 75 
3o 9o 
3o 75 
29 6o 
27.65 
26.35 
26 IO 
25.85 
25 65 
25 4o 

3o.95 
3o.95 
3o.75 
29 65 
27 65 
26 4o 
26.15 
25 85 
25.65 
25.4o 

M ay 
Jul 
Aug 
Sep 
O d 
Dec 
Jan 
M a r 
M a y 

S O Y B E A N M E A L (IOO tons) 

3o.35 
3o 55 
3 
4o 
29.3o 
27. SC 
26 45 
26 o5 
25.85 
25 65 
25 45 

 rk J U l 

274.oo 282 OO 269 oo 269 
OO 264.5o 
273.oo 273 OO 269.oo 2/2 
SC 263 OC 
771.7o 271.7o 246.7o 269 
OO 261 7o 
239 7o 239.7o 232 
5o 236 oo 229 TC 
212 OO 216 2o 2o7 OO 2o8 3o 2o6 2o 
2oo oo 2o4 8o 198 
oo 199.oo 198 SC 
2o1.5o 2o4.5o 197 
OO 198 5o 198 OO. 
2o2 oo 2o6.5o 198.oo 199.5o 199.5o 
2o5 OO 2o7.5o 
2oo OO 
2oo OO 
2o1 5o 
2o8 OO 2o9.oo 2o5.5o 2o6.oo 2o3.5o 

Alcoa 
A m Tai 
Ain Tel 
A m Tel 
A ll R 
A tl R 
Avon 
Avon 
Avon 
B ankA m 
Bank Am 
B ankA m 
Beth 5 
Beth S 
B runs 
Bruns 
B url N 
B url N 
B u rl N 
B urrgh 
B u rrg h 
B u rrg h 
B u rrg h 
C iticp 
C itic p 
Delta 
D elta 
D elta 
D ig Eq 
Dig Eq 
D ig Eq 
Dig Eq 
D ig E q 
Diq Eq 
D ig Eq 
D isney 
. 
D isney 
D isney 
D is n e y 
D is n e y 
D is n e y 
Dow Ch 
Dow Ch 
Dow Ch du Pm du P nt d u P n t 
Pas K d 
Bas Kd 
Eas K d 
E as K d 
E xxon 
E xxon .. 
E xxon .. 
E xxon 
C N M 
F lu o r 
F Iuor .. . 
F lu o r . 
. 
Ford 
F ord 
Ford 
Gen El 
Gen E l 
Gen El 
G M 
G M 
G M 
Gt WSI 
Gt Wst 
G II W 11 
G it Wn 
G it Wn 
Hal bin 
H a lb tn 
Ha I btn 
H o m stk 
H o m stk 
H om stk 
HOU O M 
HOU O M 
HOU O M 
HOU O M . 
HOU O M 
HOU O M 
I N A 
I N A 
I N A 
I B M 
I B M 
In H ar 
In H a r 
In H ar 
In H a r 
In M in 
I 
M in 
In M in 
In Pap 
In P ap 
I T T 
I T T 
John J 
John J 
John J 
Keno C 
K en n C 
Kenn C 
K e rr M 
K e rr M 
K e rr AA 
Kresge 
K resqe 
Kresge 
Loews oews 
Loews 
M c Don 
Mc Don 
M c Don 
M e rck 

6o 
55 
6o 
65 
SO 
6o 
4o 
45 
5o 
JO 
25 
3o 
35 
4o 
15 
2o 
4o 
45 

 is * a 
9 ’ * b 
4 'a 
4 ''* 
* * 15 16 
8 '* 
9+4 t+B 29 16 
8*h 
3+4 
5 16 
4’ 7 
Si 
I 16 
'n 
I 16 

I 16 
7 * i 
3^4 
5o 15 16 

7o 
9o 
25 
3o 
3o 
15 
4o 

7 
I ’ * 

 b 
4’ ,+ i 
1+4 b 
I ’ a 
>i is * 
*4 
I 
’4 
8’ , 
5*4 
2’ , 
8+4 
2’ , 
7 16 15 16 a b 

3$4 b 
5 iv , 
IO’ 4 
3’ , b 
5)4 
2*« b 
19 16 
+» 
2*4 
A* 
I ’ n a b 
6’ * 
3’ , 
9>'4 
3*4 

2 
5 16 
35 
6*4 
4o215 16 
45 13 16 ift+B 
7 16 

3 16 l l 16 
6 ’ * 

5o 
53+b 
AO 
35 
38* n 
4o 
43 >4 
45 
SO 
35 
4o 
45 
12o 

 a 
I 16 a 
2+4 

I 16 
I 16 
I 16 
2 
’ n 
I 16 
8 ’ a 

2’ b 
I 
8 
4V* 
2 b 
13 16 b 
’ n 
IV, b 
IS 16 b a b 
3+n 

1o*4 
4’ , 
14o 
5 16 15 16 
6o 21 16 
3$4 

58 A* 
64*8 
64'n 
64 
577 a 
577n 
48*4 
48 *4 
48’ 4 
24 
24 
24 
34*n 
34* a 
14 'n 
14** 
47+4 
47*4 
47+4 
SS** 
55*4 
55*4 
55*4 

36 
36 
36 
4V ,■ 
41* , 
4 V , 
41V, 
41V, 
41 * v 
41* , 
36’4 
36*4 
36* i 
36*4 
36*4 
3 6 ’ 4 
36’i 
36’ .. 
36>/4 a 127 
6*'4 127 b 127 
4 + i 
58I i 

V a a 
3+4 b 
9 
5 * i 
3 b b b b 
4+n b 
I ' * b b b 

17 16 b 

7o 
+» 
M i l l 16 
58*4 
BO 
I 16 
+4 b 
58+4 
9o 
I 16 
I 16 b 
58+4 
45 
A M b b 
51M 
5o 
2+4 
2*4 
3+9 s n , 
55 
+4 
M 
1+4 
51 U 
6o 
I 16 a b 
S M 
. 1 5 15 16 
I 
IM 
15+4 
3o 
V U b b 
39*4 
35 
4 '* 
5 U 
6*9 
39 U 
4o 
IM 
7’ 7 
3+4 
39*4 
5o 
6 
AM 
7 
SSM 
55 
2 U 
3 
3*4 
55 M 

Treasury Bonds 

N E W Y O R K (A P ) 
O ver the C o unter 
U S G o v e rn m e n t T re a s u ry bonds, w e e k ly h ig h , lo w and d o s in g asked p ric e s th e net r+iange fro m the p re vio u s w e e k ’s d o s in g asked p ric e and y ie ld 
R ate M a tu r ity H igh L ow 
L a S tC h g Y ie ld 
I 18 
I 4o 
4 9- 
4 83 
S IC 
5 IO 
5 19 
5 32 
5 44 
5 49 
5 49 
5 59 
5 65 
5 45 
5 66 
I »4 
5 79 
5 SI 
5 81 
5 81 
5 85 
5 92 
5 94 
5 86 
5 96 
6 OI 
6 o3 
6 o2 
6 o7 
6 l l 
6 O’ 
6 15 
4.19 
6 21 
6 IF 
A 2o 
6 Ta 
A9 IF 
A 23 
6 25 
6 29 
6 37 
4 d 
6 39 
6 4 t 
13 A 14 
I 
6.43 
6 45 
6 4C 
6 53 
4 47 
6 56 
6 l f 
6 62 
6. ?( 
6 72 
6 71 
6 It 
6 A’. 
6 81 
6 85 
6 85 
6 75 
6 74 
4.93 
6 9) 
4 98 
7 o3 
7.o8 
3o 6 48 
.1o 7 o8 
.14 7.IC 
7><iFeb 84w i 
1oo 8 
99.251oo.8 + .13 7 2) 
6+nAug 84 
97 8 
97 4 
97 8 
+ .4 
6 86 
3* jM a y 85 
79 6 
78.3o 79 4 ♦ 
28 6 AS 
4>4May 75 85 
84 2 
83 3o 84.2 + .4 
6 87 
77« M a y 86n 1o3.1 1o2.211o3 I 
F .7 
7 41 
A u g 86n 1o4 181o3.151o3 26 F .9 
7.42 
6’ bN ov 
BA 
94 )2 94 
94.4 
.2 
6 98 
3 * , F e b 9o 
73 18 73 8 
73 18 1 
.28 6 6o 
B'viM ay 9o 1o5 3o1o592o1o5 3o t ' * 6 7.53 
4 **A u g 8 7 92 75.1o 
75 2 
75. IO F 
.24 6 89 
F e b SB 93 74 14 74 
74 14 * I 
6+4F e b 93 
96 14 96.2 
96 14 t 
7> .A u g 88 931oo A 
99 3o1oo A 4 
I'a M a y 89 9 4 
74 IO 74.2 
74 IO F 
* 
F o b 95 
73 16 73 6 
73 16 * 
M a y 93 98 
98 IO 97 3o 98 2 + 
3' .NOV 98 
73 16 73 8 
73 16 + 
8* .M a y 94 99 1o6 3o1o6 181o6 3o * 
77*F e b 
95 oo 
1o1 1o1oo 271o1,1o f . 16 7,74 
H-'nAug 
95-oo 
1o5.281o5.161o5 2 8 + .6 
7 76 
A u q 9 6 OI 1o2 91o1 251o2 9 + 
13 7 76 
8 'x M a y oo o5 1o4 3o)o4 181o4 3o + 
A 
7 78 
7 '» F e b o 2 o798 14 97 29 98 14 + 
19 7 75 
7 H F b o2 7wi 
98 14 97.27 98 14 + .21 7 75 
T re a s u ry Notes. 
P rice s q uo ted in d o lla rs seconds 
S ub je ct to Fe de ra l not to 
S la te in com e taxes. 

6 ’ * M a y ?7n IOO 2 TOO I IOO I 
9 
M a y ?7n IOO 3 IOO 7 IOO 3 - 
A+»M #y 77n IOO 3 IOO 2 IOO 7 
A' ; J u n ?7n IOO 7 IOO 6 IOO 6 — 
•7' .'J u l 77n IOO 171oo 141oo 15 
7 *« A u g 
77n 
1oo 221oo 271oo 22 
9 ' * A u g 77n IOO.3o1oo 261oo 21 
8+*S ep 77n ID I 6 1o1 3 1o1.3 
- 
7* .O c t 77n 1o1 I IOO 29IOO 29 - 
7+kNOv 77n ID I 61o1 3 1o1.3 
A'xNO V 77n IOO 2o1oo 181oo.19 
7 **D e c 
77n 
IO) 4 1o1 
1o1 
6 '» J « n 78n IOO 191oo-151oo 16 
6*4+ Pb 78n IOO 181oo 131oo.14— 
F e b 78n 1o1 291o1 241o1 75- 
6 » 4 M a r 7Sn IOO JUCO. 771oo 27 
6 ’ .A p r 7Sn 1oo.261oo 2o1oo JI 
7’ a M a y 78n1o1 121o1 8 1o18 - 
77* M a y 7 8 n IO? 4 1o1 311o1 31 
V » M « y TRP 1o1 131o1 9 IC I 1 o - 
6 ’ a Jun 78n 1o1 5 IQ I 2 1o1 3 - 
67 a J u I 78n ID I 6 IQI 2 1o1 3 - 
7 -s A u g 
7Sn 
1o2 21o1 3 U o2 
8+4Aug 78n 1o3 161o3 131o3.14 
6 '.A u g 78n IOO 281oo 241oo 26 
A’ .S e p 78n IOO 131oo 1o1oo. IO - 
57* O c t 78n 99 28 99 24 99 2 5 - 
6 
NOV /Sn IOO I 
99 2899 31 
5 ’ 4N o v 78n 99 2o 99 16 99 17 
S’ jD e c 78n 
98 24 98 2o 98 2 2 - nDec 78n 1o3 6 1o3 3 1o3 S - 
5 ’ a ja n 79n 
99 19 99 14 99 18 
7 r e b 79n IO! 131o1 9 1o1 IO 
57* F e b 79n 
99 14 99 IO 99. 14 
6 
M a r 79n 99 23 99 19 99 22 
5 ’ .A p r 79il 
99 13 99 9 
99 13 
7 7* M e v 79n 1o3 8 1o3 3 IOT 8 
7 *. Ju n 79n 1o3.2 1o2 311o3 2 - 
A u g 79n IOO 2 
99 281oo.2 + 
A7* A u g 79n IDI 9)o1 6 1o1 9 
+ 
8 ’ ; Sep 79n 1o4 251o4 2o1o4 25 + 
A* .NO V 79n 99 23 99 18 99 23 + 
A '.N O V 79n IOO 181oo 131oo 18 +.2 
N ov 79n 1o1 >21o1 81 
1.12+ .1 
7* ,De< 7 9 n lo 2 2O1o2 131o2.2o + 
J re b 8o 
95 
94 21 94 21 
;F e b 8on 1oo.6 IOO 
IOO 6 
7* .-M arSO n 1o2 241o2 191o2 23 
67. M a y 8O11 1o1,9 IO L I 1o1 9 + 3 
7 '* Jun 8on 1o3.7 1o2 291o3 2 + 
5 
A u g 8on 
1o7 111o7 81o7 IO— 
2 
67<«Sep 
8on 1oo.3o1oo 
241oo 3 o + ’ , .I 
V ;N n v 8o 
92 2 
91 28 91 2 8 - 
6 
57«Dec 8on 
97 
2o 97 l l 97 2o 
+ .5 
' 
F e b a in 1oo 
311oo 
221oo 
31 + 4 
7ikF eh B in 1o2 
4 IDI 281o2 4 
+ .3 
A7* M a r8 1 n IOO 181oo 6 IOO 18 t 
7 
7 + *M a y S in 1o2 4 1o1 2/1o2 4 
+ 
3 
A u g 81 
1o1 121o1 41o1 12+ 
6 
7 'iA u g B in 1o2 311o2 2o1o7 3) * 
7 
- 
N o v B in IOO 181oo 81oo 18 ♦ 
" 
7 ’ 4Noq 
B in 
1o3 91o3 
1o3 9 
* 
.F e b 82n 
97 IO 97 
97 IO + 
6 * *F e b 82 
98 18 98 14 98.18 * 
M a y 82n 1o4 161o4 6 1o4 16 * 
M a y 87n 1oo.121oo 3 IOO.12 + 
8 '.A u g 82n 
1o4 3o1o4 2o1o4 3o + 
/ '. N o v 87n 
1o3 261o3 161o3 26 * 
F e b 83n 1o4 9 1o4.2 1o4 9 ♦ 
3*4 Jun '8 83 
84 
83 3o 84 
+ 
N o v 83n 99.2o 99 8 
99 2o + 
7’iF e b B4n IOO 8 
99 251oo 8 
♦ 

TIM 
Market 
Analysis 
18V ims 
38 INSttSTIIAIS 

A^IEX Options 

F rid a y , M ay 13 
O ption ^ p ric e 
M ay 
Aug 

Vet* el 

M a r 9 -1 3 

2 
6.65 
2o 7 13 
18 7 47 
.18 6 67 
22 5 32 
8 
7 18 
76 5 64 
IO 7 75 

 ad th ir ty taxe s b u t 

Foreign Exchange 

N E W Y O R K (A P ) - F o re ig n E x c h a n g e , 
New Y ork p rice s 
F g n .c u rre n c y 
. in d o lla rs 
F ri. 
Tho. 

6o 
5o 
55 
6o 
6o 
7o 
8o 
7o 
25 
IO 
15 
2o 
5o 
6o 
7o 
35 
4o 2 
45 

* , 
1V.113 16 
4*8 
5>* 
5+4 
I ’/* 
23 16 
2+4 a 
'n 
I >* 
8 
B 's 
9 
1*8 21 16215 16 vis 
3 
+* 
4 + 8 
V, 
I 16 
12*4 
3*4 
3 16 
6 
25 16 
*8 
22*» 
17+4 
12*4 

3* , 

3o 
35 
IO 
45 
8’ , 
5o 
5 
6o 19 16 
4o 
5 
45 13 16 
SO 

 b 
37* 
Vt 
H I 
4+k 
4»g 
Vt 13 16 a b 
14* * 
6’ , b b 
4*/* 
7 b b 
15’ , 
12 
8*4 
47a 

76o 
28o 
75 
3o 
35 
.4o 
35 

5+* 
I 
12 
7 V. 
2*8 

6*4 

51 , 
IV* 
6?* 
3+S 
H , b b 
14 
1o* 8+8 
7’ 8 
3* , 
5+4 a 
2 29 16 b b 
9 7* 
3*4 b 
6+4 
3** 
IS 16 

5 5 '* 
.54* 
54*/4 
54' 
677 
677* 
677 a 
22'* 
22'« 
14' , 
1 4'* 
14 
62’ * 
62’ a 
6 2 '* 
4o'.. 
4 o '* 
4 o '* 
527* 
57’ . 
52+* 
527 a 
527 8 
527a 
45 
45 
45 
13*, 253’ 4 
6 253*4 b 
37’ a 

3 '* 
IV4 b 

4o 21 16711 16 
45 
5 16 
Vt 
5o 
7’ , a 
6o 
I ’* 
I Vt 
3o 
5 ‘ a 
5+4 
35 l l 16111 16 
AO 
5+4 
A'k 
. 7 o 
'/, 19 16 
8o I 16 a 
25 
3’ * 
3o 
13 
16 
35 a 
6o 
77a 
7o 
HY 
8b a 
3o 
13 
16 
35 
3 16 
4o 
I 16 
3o 
35 
4o 
4o 
45 
5o 
5o 

I 1 
5 16 a 
2+4 
*8 
2’ . 
Ab a a 
4*4 
*4 
I'-, 
' 8 
',4 
4 '* 
+*113 16 
7 16 

+e 
6 
2 '/* 
7 
2V, b 
5 'a 
23 16 

M e rc k 
6o 
3+* 
4*8 
SS 

4 b 
7+4 
I * B b a 
2'a b 
4+4 
2+* b 
5* e l ’/4 b 
3 V, 
I ’ o 
3+S 

V4 l l 16 
4+* 
)*/, b 
4+* 
1+8 

35 
45 
5o 
53+b 
55 
58 V4 
6o 
68 
7o 
IO 
15 
2o 
8o 
9o 
. IOO 

I 16 
5 
I 

!7 7« 
14*4 
13’ 8 
IO 
8*4 
3 ', 
7 ', 
3+8 
' 4 
I 16 
6 
1*4 

27* 
1 
4 * . 
2 b a 
1*4 a 
2+» 
5’ , 
2*4 b b 
6*8 
2*4 
9*4 
3 ’ 4 b 
4* 8 

 b 
5+8 
5V, 
1+4 25 16 
+s b a 
6 ', 
3 
3V* 

M e rck 
7o 
I 16 
M e rril 
. . 
. 
15 
2 * . 
3’ a 
M e rril 
2o 5 16 
+4 
M M M 
5o 19 16 
2V» 
.Monsan 
7o 
8+* a 
M onsan 
. 
8o 
IV * 
3*4 
M onsan 
9o 
'a 
+» 
N C R 
3o 
4+4 a 
N C R 
35 17 16 
2V< 
N C R 
4o 
Nw A ir . 
25 
3 
Nw A ir 
3o l l 16 
P en n , 
25 
9+4 
Pennz 
..3 o 
4 *8 
P en n ; 
. . . . 35 
9 16 
Pepsi 
............7o 
3 V* 
Pepsi v 8o 
9 16 
1+* 
P o la r . 
3o 
4 '* 
4r% 
P olar . . . 
.35 l 's 
2'a 
P o la r 
4o 
3 16 l l 16 
R C A 
2o I O '* b 
P C A 
25 
5*4 
SH 
R C A 
3o 
1+B 
23 16 
Sears ......... 5o 
8V, 
8*8 
Sears 
6o 
I 
2*4 
Sears 
7o 
Vs 5-16 
S perry 
...3 5 
2+* 
3 
S p e rry 
4o 
+ * 1 5 1 6 1 7 1 6 
S perry 
. 
45 
Syntex 
. . . . 15 
Syntex 
.2o 
Syntex 
...2 5 
'% 
Tandy 
25 
5* a 
Tandy 
3o111 16 
T a n d y 
35 
3 16 13 16 15 16 
Tandy 
Teidyn 
Tel dyn 
T e id yn 
Teidyn 
T e id yn 
Teidyn 
Teidyn 
Tesoro 
T e s o ro 
15 
’ 4 
9 16 13-16 
Tesoro 
Tex in 
Tex in 
T e x In 
U pjohn 
. 3o 23 16 
3 
U p jo h n 
.. .35 
5 16 15-16 
U p jo h n 
.4o 1-16 
W eyerh 
. 4 o 
W eyerh 
45 
X erox 
..........45 
X erox 
. 
.5o 
X erox 
AO 
V* 
To ta l v o lu m e 74,695 
Open in te re s t 1,724,757 a Not tra d e d , b No o p tio n o tte re d 

Cash Grain 

FO R T W O R T H (A P ) — H a rd w heat ox p o rt 2 59 2 95 y e llo w c o rn 2 6o 2 64, O ats 
L97 2 OO, Y e llo w s o rg h u m 4. IO 4.24 

C H IC A G O 
(A P ) 
W h e a t 
No 
2 h a rd red w in ie r 2.4)*/4n F rid a y , No 2 s o ft red w in e r 2 41>4n 
C o rn No 2 y e llo w 2.45+4n 
(h opper) 2.4)*4n (b o x ) 
O ats No 2 h e a v y 
181*411 Soybeans N o I y e llo w 9 78’ rn 
No 2 y e llo w c o m T h u rs d a y was quoted at 2 43* sn (h o p p e r) 2.4o’ sn (b o x ). 

KAN SAS C IT Y (A P ) — W heat fu tu re s 
F rid a y on th e K a n sa s 
C ity 
B oa rd of 
Trade 
W H E A T (5,ooo bu) 
O pe n 
H ig h 
L a w C lose P re y . 
M a y 
7 44 
2 44 
7 39’ , 2 39+4 2 44 
Jut 
2 5o 
2.5o+6 
2 W /t 2 44+6 2.49V, 
Sep 
2 58’ , 2.58 
, 2 52*/* 2.52’ 2 2 57 
Doc 
2.67 
2 68 
2.61*,4 2.62*/4 2.66 
M a s 
2.73’ , 7 73' 
, 2.7o’ 4 2.71*6 2.76 s ite s ; 311. 
• 

I 16 
19 
15** 
14 a 
IO* 4 
5*6 
4 'b 
3 '6 

1-16 
V t 
3'6 
3 16 13 16 

%1 

3 's 
I ’/* 

1 +* a 
4+4 
2’ b 
5 16 

 b 
19+* b 
IS’ , b a b 
6+4 
3+6 

 b 
9 * 4 
4 *, b 
3V, l+ * b 
2+» 
+4 
S '* 
3 b 

37’6 
37* h 
37 V* 
41’ , 

41 ’ , 
4 i v , 
57 
57 V* 
35> 
35*6 
65 
65 
65 
28+6 
28*8 
28*6 
67 <8 
67 ** 
67 •* 
29 »6 
29’ * 
29+6 
32 
32*6 
32 
41+* 
4 1 'b 
4 1 '* 
52’ 4 
52*6 
52+4 
17’ , 
1 7 ', 
497* 
7 8 ', 
78V, 
7 8 ', 
34’ * 
34’ 8 
34’ * 
2 8 '* 
28’ * 
34'4 
34'4 
34' 4 
73 
73 
33 
33 
33 
3o’ , 
3o' j 
3 o ', 
57*6 
57*4 
5 7 *'4 
36 '4 
36+4 
36*4 
19*6 
19+4 
19*6 
297* 
297a 
29 7« 
29+8 
67 7 a 
SJH 
H H 
67Vt 
6 7 '* 
677* 
677s 
13*8 
13*8 
1 3** 
84*4 
84 ’ « 
8 4 ‘ 4 
31’ , 
3 iv , 
3 1’ , 
37+a 
37+* 
47+s 
47+* 
47+s 

A rg e n tin a 
oo2849 oo7849 
A u s tra lia 
I 1o48 
I 1o45 
A usu-1 a 
o597 
o5V4 
B e lg iu m 
, 
o776 
o276 
B ra zil 
o733 
o733 
B rita in 
I 7193 I 7196 
3odayfut 
I 7173 I 7161 
AOriaylut 
1/133 1.7111 
9oda / t u t . 
C anada 
17o93 
I 7o8o 
9529 
9547 
C hile 
o562 
o562 
C o lo m b ia 
o272 
o772 
D e n m a rk 
1662 
1667 
E g y p t 
I 56 
I 56 
E c u a d o r 
o4oo 
.o4oo 
F ra n c e 
2o17 
.2o16 
G reece 
o274 
o274 
H o lla n d 
4o72 
4o47 
Hong K on g 
2147 
214o 
Ira n 
o139o 
o139o 
Is ra e l 
1o61 
1o61 
Ita ly 
oo1128 oo1128 
Japan 
oo36o5 oo36o4 
Jordan 
3 o12o 3 o12o 
K u w a it 
3.4846 3 4822 
L ebanon 
.3262 
.3272 
•M exico 
o44? 
o441 
N o rw a y 
1897 
.1896 
Peru 
o13o 
.o13o 
P h ilip p in e s 
.1356 
1356 
P o rtu g a l 
o258 
o758 
S a u d iA ra b . 
2829 
2828 
So A fric a 
I 1525 I 1525 
Spain 
OMS 
OMS 
Sweden 
2293 
2294 
S w itz e rla n d 
3959 
3958 
3 od ayfu f 
3967 
3964 
AOdaylut 
3971 
3968 vO dayfut 
397o 
397? 
U ru g u a y 
.2283 
2283 ve ne zue la 
2331 
233! 
W G e rm a n y 
4231 
4216 
3 od ayfu t. 
4238 
4221 
AOdaylut 
4243 
4778 
VOdayfut 
4251 
4235 
S ource; B ank of A m e ric a . 

D o lla r in tgn c u rre n c y 
F r i 
Tho. 
351 OO 351 OO 
9o51 
.9o53 
16,75 
36 H 
13 63 
5816 
582.1 
5836 
585o 

16 83 
36 ll 
13 63 
.5885 
5827 
5841 
5854 
1 o494 I o474 
17 77 
17.77 
36 66 
36 66 
6.o15o 
5 9955 
641o 
641o 
25 oo 
25 oo 
4 9.555 4 9595 
36 49 
16 49 
2.4679 2.4625 
4.6685 4 6715 
7145 
71.45 
9 425o 9.425o 
886 35 886 35 
277 45 277 93 
332o 
332o 
28897 
28717 
3.o656 3.o56o 
2? 6o 
22 65 
5 2695 5.273o 
76.67 
76.67 
3 3746 7.3746 
38.75 
38.63 
3.5345 3,535o 
8676 
8676 
68 95 
68 85 
4.361o 4 3635 
2 5255 2.5265 
2 52o7 2.5227 
2 5182 2 52o1 
2 5138 2 5176 
4 38o2 4 38o7 
4 29oo 4 29oo 
2 3632 2 3716 
7 3596 2 3691 
2 3568 2 3651 
2 3523 7 3612 

Metals 
N E W Y O R K (A P ) 
Spot n o n fe rro u s m e ta l p ric e s F rid a y 
Copper 71+* 74+* ce nts a p ou nd , U S d e s tin a tio n s , lead 31 ce nts a pound zinc 
37 ce nts a pound, d e liv e re d tin $4 9137 a pound. N e w Y o rk , g o ld $148.5o p e r tro y ounce. New Y o rk , s ilv e r $4 796 p e r tro y ounce. 
N e w 
Y o rk , q u ic k s ilv e r 
$145.oo n o m in a l p e r fla s k N ew Y o rk 

N E W Y O R K (A P ) - P itts b u rg h s c ra p 
.feel No 
I h ea vy was q uoted F rid a y by 
Iron A ge a t $68 OO 69 OO 

N E W Y O R K (A P ) p ric e s (W h o le s a le ): 

A lu m in u rn ,lh ,N Y 
A n h m tx ly , A m e ric a n 

Spot c o m m o d lt 
P re y . Y e* 
T oday D a y 
Age 
51 
SI 
41 

I 78 
I 78 
I 6o 

7o'* 
127 9o 
4 19o 
.22*4 

713 92 
155 OO 
115 OO 

8ft 83 
3 7488 

C opper, E le c tro ly tic 
7 1'* H H 
7 \H 7 4'* 
G old, tro y oz N Y 148 5o 
147 
?o 
S ilv e r, tro y oz 
N y j 79ft 
4 7?s 
I fa d . lb. 
31 
31 
P ig Iro n , • o h fd ry 
B uffa lo , G rs s tn 2 io 19 
21o 19 
P la tin u m ,try z N Y 167 OO 
I ft? OO 
Q u tc k s lv r F IskN Y 145 OO 
145 oo 
Steel s c ra p , gross ton. 
P hila C hi P ills 
*7 5o 
67 5o 
T in , lb . N Y 
4 9132 
4 8743 
Z inc. lh 
37 
37 
37 

S I L V E R ($,ooo troy OI) 
M a y 
477 5o 476 oo 
Jun 
481 OO 482 3o 
477 OO 477 8o 477 SO 
Jut 
— 
48o OO 48o OO 
A ug 
487 OO 488 5o 
483 OO 48.1 AO 483 3o 
O ct 
49? 5o 493 5o 
488 5o 489 OO 489 OO 
Dec 
497 5o 499 OO 
474 OO 494 OO 494 OO 
I eb 
5o3 OO 5o5 OO 
499 5o 499 5o 499 5o 
A p r 
5o8 5o 5o9 5o 
5o5 OO 5o5 OO 5o5 3o 
Jun 
SIJ 5o 515 OO 
51o 5o 51o SO SIO 5o 
A ug 
519 oo 519 oo 
516 oo 516 oo 516 (X’ 
O d 
574 SO 524 SO 
571 5o 521 5o 521 5o 
Dec 
533 OO 533 OO 
527 OO 527 OO 527 OO 

N E W Y O R K (A P ) 
S ilv e r tu tu re s F ri day on th e N ew Y o rk C o m m o d ity E x change. 
O p e n 
H ig h 
. L o w . C lo s e 
P re v . 
N Y S IL V E R <5,ooo tro y oz) 
M a y 
48? oo48? oo479.5o476 6os 477 6C 
Ju n 
481 
3o481 3o481 3o477.1os ooo oo 
Jut 
.184 7o485.5o479 oo479 6os 48o 7(5 
Sep 
489 
oo49o 4o486 oo485 
1os 4B6 2o 
Dec 
497.5o499 oo493 oo493 2os 494 3o 
Jan s 5oo 
oo5o1 7o497 oo496 
oos 497 oo 
M a r 
5o5 3o5o6 5o5o2.5o5o1 
5os 5o2 5o 
M a y 
S II 
5o511 5o5o9 3o5o7 oo* 5o7 9o 
JOI 
Sift 1o616 1o516 oo512 6os .513 3o 
Sep 
521 5o5?) 5o521 5o518 oos ooo.oo 
Sales e s tim a te d 
1o,ooo s -s e ttlin g 

LO N D O N 
(A P ) 
C lo sin g m e ta ls In oounds s te rlin g per m e tric ton 
..S p o t 
F u tu re s 
B ld 
A sked 
B ld 
A sked 
Coppa r 
8 2 6 5 o 
8 2 7 5 o 
8 4 7 o o 
8 4 8 o o 
Tin 
5775 oo 
578o oo 
5775 OO 
578o.oo le a d 
393 OU 
194 oo 
39 1 oo 
391 5o 
Zinc 
37o.oo 
371 oo 
38o 25 
38o 76 

H ere Is the gold fu tu re s tra d in g to r E rl 
J a y, M a y 13, T977 
Open 
H ig h Low C lose 
P rv 
C h ica go M e rc a n tile E x c h a n g e 
IOO T ro y ounce c o n tra c ts 
Jut! 
149 oo 149 oo 147 8o 148.5o 
148 IO 
Sep 
151 
IO 151 IO 15o oo 1 5o 6o 
15o 3o 
Dec 
153.Sp 153 AO 152 4o 152 DO 
152 4o 
M a r 
15? 
2o 155 6o 154 6o 165 IO 
154 BO 
Jun 
158 4o 158 4o 157 6o 157.8o IS / 2o seo 
— 
----- ----------- 16o 4o 159 7o 
Sales June 1619; Sep 247; 
Dec 
144, 
M a rc h 56; Jun IB; Seo o 

N e w Y o rk C o m m o d ity E »c h an ge 
IOO tro y ounce c o n tra c ts 
Jun 
148 8o149 oo147.8o 148 Bin 148-oo 
A ug 
149 8o15o 5o149 IO 149 7os 149 3o 
D el 
161 7o151 7o15o 9o 1512os 15o 7o 
Dec 
153 oo153 3o152 1o 152 8os 152 3o 
Feb 
154 7UI54 7o154 7o 154 4os 
153 9o 
Jun 
158 DOHR oo15 7 7o 15 7 7os 157 2o 
Aug 
159 6o159 6o159 6o 159 4os 
158 9o 
Sales e s tim a te d 2,375. s s e ttlin g 

K .C. Livestock 

K A N S A S C ITY ' (A P ) 
C a ttle IOO, not enough a ny cla ss on o ffe r to te s t p ric e s 
Hogs SOO; b a rro w s and g ilts a c tiv e 75 
I.OO h ig h e r; I 2 near 225 lh 44 25, 1-3 2oo 
25o lb 43 75 44 OO, sows stea d y to SO low e r. 
1 3 33o 5oo lb 36.oo , 5oo-6oo lb 37.oo 
37 5o 
E s tim a te s fo r M o n d a y : c a ttle 7oo, hogs 
2.5oo sheep IOO 

A 791 r 
A M F 
A 5 A 
A $ A 
A S A 
A S A 
A vnet 
Avn et 
B ally 
B a lly 
B aby 
Cat t*cp 
C a t e r p 
Catnep 
( a te rn 
Con Ed 
Con E d 
O r Pet' 
D r P ep 
C l Pas 
E l Pas 
E l P a s 
I leetw 
F le e tw f le e tw 
G ra ce 
G race 
I a Pac 
I a Pac 
M G IC 
M G IC 
N D isf 
N Cist 
N Semi 
N Sem i 
N o n S 
N o d S 
P enney 
P e n n e y 
P hil P 
P h il v 
Pud p 
9es OO 
9 es OG 
Yes OO 
Sea He 
S narls 
Sim p P 
S im p P 
S lerlg 
S ferig 
Tonne o 
I ennc o 
T iger 
31 gee 
Z e n ith 
Z e n ith 
Zenith 

2o 
I 1ft 
25 
I 16 
IO 
IOU 
5’ * 
SU 
H 19 I6 
I 16 
V t 
I 16 

N o v Close 
'» IS 16 
A 

 is 
TO 

IU 
I 16 
7 '* 

IS 
2o 
2o 
IS 
XI 
SO ss 
(SO 
65 
2o 
75 
IO 
15 
IO 
16213 16 
2o a 
IO b 
15 a 
2o 
I 
25 
3o 
IS 
2o 
IS 
2o 
TO 
76 is 
2o 
IS 
2 
36 
4o 
SO 
55 
6o 
IO 
IS 
2o 

4>* 

23 16 

8>4 
4’Y 
19 16 
5 16 
2+4 a 
IU 
3 16 a 
?’* 
5 16 
I '* 

I 16 
S’ * 
I* 

2’ * 
13 16 

2 
5 16 b 
3 's 
+* 
2 

5*8 
+* 
9 16 IS 16 

9*16 IV 16 

3 16 
3*4 

U A 
5 16 b 21 16 a 

 a 
7 16 a 
I a 
21 16 
3' 2 
H 
I 

8'* 
3+4 
3 
1*3o111 16 
IS 
I 16 

7 16 l l 16 
AU 
7 
? 'n 
V t 
13 16 
I +» b b 
4*» 
J U 
17 16 21 16 
7 25 16 

I '* 
I 16 
IO 
15 
15 
2o a 
35 
*» 
4o a 
IO l l 16 
15 a 
2o b 

'3o 
I 16 
Jul 
3o 
SS 
25 ie 
25 
3o 
IS 
2o 
25 
25 so 
AO 
7o 
8o 
3o 

2 *4 a 
2’ * 
+* 
6’ a 
2U 
9 16 
9 16 
AU 
IU a 
I 16 
I '* 

2 27 16 
S IA 
* i 
5 16 
'» a 
* a 
13 16 IS 16 
’ * b 
1*8 l'» 
U 
*4 
27 16215 16 
5 16 t i 16 a a 
Od 
Jan 
4 ’ * 
S' * 
I ’ z 23 16 a 
3 

19* 
19' i 
2oU 
2o' 4 
TOU 
2o' 4 
IS 7* 
18U 
7o+s 
TOU 
2o ** 
58 1 ii 
58U 
58 ■« 
58** 
27U 
22U n u n u 
H U t a u 
1 8 * n u n » n u 
3o’ * 
3 o '* 
IS'-. 
IS ** t s u 
15 '» 
26' it 
TS’ • 
19 
19 
18+* 
18*8 
35'a 
3 6 '* 
SS 
SS 
6.6 
18'* t a u 
1 8 '* 
U ’*« l l ' * 
I IU l l ' * 
U U 
U U 
JOU 
JOU 
U U n u 
TIU 
TIU 
2 1’ » 

311 
I 

BU 
29 16 

IS 17 16 19 16 
2o 
I 16 a 
3o213 1ft 
3 U 
35 
** 
7• 
IS 
A U 
77» 
•IO 
2 '* 
4’ * 
45 13 16 21 16 

11 16 b 
.)'» 
I- 
I ‘* a 
J ’ 1 
1 h 
25 Ift 
7 16 
2 

I U 
B U 
SH 
2 ’ 
4 6 ', 
M b b 
41* 
SO 
3 16 
>4 
I) 
411 
53 *» 
I 16 b b 
4P 
35 
2M 
3’ z 
4* / 
36’ 
38 M l l 16 b 
I* 
3 6 ’ 
4o 
11 
1+4 113 16 
36’ 
43*4 
+* b b 
36’ 
45 
I 16 
5 16 b 
36* 
ISO 
H U 
IO 
A 
U7 
LIO 
TA 
4 m 
6 ’ * 
127 
14o 
I 4 
1+4 b 
177 
15115 16 
2U a 
16* 
2o a a l l 16 
1 6 * 
75 
A M b b 
3 )’ 
IO 
IM 
IM 
I U 
31* i i a 
U 
+4 
31* 

33U 
I J 7* 
2 7 ’ * 
271* 
27’ i 
7 7 't 
T IU 
.'IU 
T IU 
24'* 
56U 
65*4 
SSN 
55 ’ 4 
31U 
31+4 
16 it 
IA U 
3 2U 
37 U 
4)* t 
41’ ; 
41* .■ 

IS 
JO 
4 *n 
I 'k l 11 16 

A etna 
Aetna 
A m Cva 
A m Cva 
Am H em 
A m Horn 
A sarco 
A s a rio 
A sarco 
J 
B e a l F 
B u rrg h 
B u rrg h 
B u rra h 
B u r rg h 
( h ase 
Chase 
I 
I el 
C Tel 
D eere 
I te a r* 
D ig E q 
D ig I g 
D m E g 
D ig Fe; 
D ig E g 
D ig E q 
D isney 
D is n e y 
D isney 
Disney 
D is n e y du Pnf d u Pnt ctu P n t 
FSI Ch f s l Ch 
G Tnt 
Ct Tnt 
G le i 
Collet 
G ii lei 
Good y r 
G o o d y r 
G reyhd 
G re y h il 
G u lf O 
G ulf O 
H ercu I 
H e rc u l 
N F C 
L illy 
,, 
L illy 
U lly 
M e rril 
M e rril 
M e rril 
M esa P 
M esa F» 
M esa P 
M o tria 
M o trta 
M o tria 
Pf 1zer 
P li/e r 
Phelps. 
P h e lp s 
PU M or 
Pit M ot 
P itn ey 
P itn e y 
P ro i (. 
P roc G 
R ite A 
St Cal 
SI Cal 
SI Cal 
T R W 
T R W 
Ta nd y 
I andy 
T a n d y 
T andy 
T e x a c o 
I c x a fo 
U C erb 
U C arb 
U S S ! 
U S S ! 
W rn L ilt 
W using 
W estng 
Wes m g 
T o ta l v o lu m e 32,785 
Open in te re s t 1.1o2,317 a N ot tra d e d b Nu o p tio n o ffe re d 

T re n d of S taple P ric e s 
N E W Y O R K (A P ) 
The A ssociate d 
P ress w e ig h te d w h olesa le p ric e in d e x of 
35 c o rn m o d W lf* (in s e rt to co m e ) 
P re v io u s D a y 39o 48, W eek ago 392 64, 
M onth ago 393 38, Y ea r ago 384 (fe 
1977 
1*74 
1975 
19 4 
H igh 
194 VO 
394 14 
368 67 
MB »8 
L ow 
351.14 
351 61 
335 64 
331 97 
(1926 a v e ra g e equals IOO) 

7o 
+4 
IM 
I* J 
TOM 
25 
I 16 
3 16 
5 16 
2 o U 
IO a a 
4M 
14 
IS 
U 
I , 
7 16 
14 
IS 
2*4 
3+4 
3*4 
27* , 
3o 
1» 
M 
H 
17' , 
2o 17 16 
I 
T i io n 
25 
* , 
7 16 a 
2o*4 
2o 
M l l 16 a 
W M 
35 a 
3** a 
IA U 
4o 
U 
IS 16 
2 
SAU 
45 a 
M 
*M 
36*4 
IS ?9 16 
3 
3 M 
17* 2 
2o 
5 16 
U 
I 
17U 
75 
I 16 a b 
17* / 
JO 
SM 
AM 
6 * 4 
J5U 
35 
I M215 16 
3M 
SSM 
4o 
*11 l l 16 19 16 
35* * 
4o 
4*4 a a 
4 3*. 
45 
IM 
2M a 
43U 
6o a 
M b 
43 M 
25 17 16 
2 
2+* 
75*4 
IO 
’* 
* 4 
7 16 
75 U 
3o a a 
3*4 
J I 7, 
35 
** 
9 16 
I) 16 
31M 
SO a 
5’ ; a 
54*4 
AO 
5 16 
+4 
1+z 
54 *4 
IS 
SH 
5*4 a 
TOU 
2o 13 16 
IM 21 16 
2o*4 
7o 
B 
5' t 
6 
T IM 
HO 
1 1 IS 16 
2*4 to n 
IS 
9 1ft 
IS 16 15 16 
14*4 
35 
7 b b 
4? 
4o 
?' i 
TM 
3*« 
42 
*5 
*4 
Vt 
'n 
41 
35 
I ’ 4 
J U 
3 'a 
37 M 
4o a 
I U a 
3 7 'i. 
IS 
SM 
6' 4 
7 
29' a 
JO 
IM i n 
3’ > 
2 9 'a 
35 
*4 13 16 
1+4 
2 9'a 
IO 
I 16 
+4 a 
2 9 '• 
IS 
IM a 
27-16 
76*4 
3o 
1 „ 
Vt 
SAU 
SO 
3M 
4 U 
5 
SI* z 
AO 
Vt 13 16 
1+* 
SP 2 
45 
Ta 
Va 
3 M 
4 5 * 4 
$o 
1,i 15 16 19 16 
45*4 
3o 
+4 
9 16 
M 
77* 4 
IS 
AV* 
6+4 
O’ ; 
21 
7o 
I ’ I 23 16711 16 
21 
25 
U 
U 
13 16 
TI 

O ption 
A b b ) I 
M a y a s 
A bb! L Aug4o 
A bb t I 
Aug 45 
Abb) I. N o v 45 
A b b t L 
N o v5o 
A lld C JUI35 
A lin C Jul4o 
A lld C Jut45 
A lld C JU 15o 
A lld C O d 4 o 
A lld C O d 4 5 
A lld C O c 15o 
A lld C J a n 4o 
A lld C J a n 45 
A lld C Jan5o 
A llis C JUI25 
A lli& C JUI3o 
A llis C JU)35 
A llis C O d 7 o 
A llis C O d 2 5 
A llis C O c t3o 
A llis C O c!35 
A llisC Jan25. 
A llis C J a n 3o 
A llis C Jan36 
A H ess M ay2o . . 
A Hess M ay25. 
A H ess M a y 3o 
A Hess M a y 3 5 .. 
A Hess A u g 25 
. 
A Hess A ug 3o 
A Hess Aug35 
A Hess Nov 3o 
A Hess Nov 35 
Ash I O Jul3o . 
Ash I O Jul 35 
Ashl O O d 3 o 
Ash I O O ct 35 
Ash I O O d 4o 
Ash I O Jan 35 
B iuebl 
J u do 
B lu e tit O c t3 o 
B iuebl Jan25 
Bl uebl Jan 3o 
Bois C M ay3o 
Bois o Nev3o 
B ois C N o v 3 5 .. 
Br a n il Ju l IO 
B r a n if J u i IS .. 
B r an if O ct IO 
.. 
B ra n if O ct 15 — 
B ra n d Jan IO . . 
C ly In JullO 
C ly In Ju l IS 
. 
C ly In O d lS . 
C ly In Jan IO 
P ly In J a n l5 . . 
C lo ro x Ju l IO 
C lo ro x J u i 15 
C lo ro x O d IO 
C lo ro x O d 15.. 
C lo ro x Jan IO 
C lo ro x J a n t 5 . . 
C om sat J u d o 
C om sat 
J u l35.. 
C om sat Ju!4o. 
C om sat O c t35 
C om sat O c t4o 
C om eat Jan3o 
C om sat J a n 3 5 .. . 
C o nt O J u l3 5 
C o nt O J u l4 o 
C o n! O O d 3 5 
Cont O O d 4o 
Cont O J a n 3 5 .. . , 
Cont O Jan4o 
D ressr Jut4o 
D re ssr 
Jut 45 
D ressr O ct 4o 
D re ssr O c t45. 
D ressr Jan4o 
D ressr Jan 4o 
Duk P w Jul 2o 
D u k P w J u l 25 
Duk P w O clTO 
D u k P w O ct25 
D uk P w Jan2o 
D u k P w 
Jan25 
Eas Gs Jul25 , . 
E a s G s 
Ju i3 o 
Eas G s O d 25 
E a s Gs O c t3 o 
E as G s 
Jan25. 
E as GS J a n 3o .. 
E ng l M JulJO 
E nq i M JUI35 
E n g l M O c t35 
E ng l M Jan3o 
E ng l M Jan35 
F i r 
S t n 
I S 
1 8 8 
F irs tn A u g 2o 
F ir s tn 
A ug 2 5. 
F ir s tn N o v 2o 
F ir s tn 
N o v2 5 . 
J u n o 
J u l 15. 
O ct IO 
o o 1 5 
J a n lO 
Jan IS. 
JUI3o 

Sales Open 
(IOO*.I 
In t H ig h L o w L a s t C hg.Close 
15 
4161 
161 161 16 
41H 
15 
63 3 
7+4 
2+k- 
Vt 4 1'* 
I 
33511 1611 1611 16- I 16 
417* 
18 
363 I* * 
I * t 
I +* 
+* 41U 
4 
387 
167 167 16 
41'/* 
I 
48 12+4 )2 + j 12* v F 
Vt to n 
42 
258 86* 7 
8 f l+» 4|+4 
171 
748 4 
2*4 
4 
+ 
1+4 48+4 
142 
411 VA 
+*11 16 + 7 16 
48+4 
51 S U e */4 
8*4 f 2 
48U 
41o 4*k 
3+z 
4+9+ 
Vt 
48+ 

P hiladelphia O ptions 

4 
78 
4o) 
IO 
7 
27 
259 

68221 16 I +4 115 16 + 13 1648+4 
344 
57 
IO 
861 

8 
4’ t 
V t 
8+* 
3V* 
Vt 
12 
7 Vt 
4 + a 

• 
4+* 
2+* 
6 + s 
2 
+4 
12 
7'/4 
7 H 

614 1638 
128 
2 
7 
14 
329 
373 1o31 
42 
5111 161 
16 
37 
BH 
7H 
177 
4*4 
3 U 
2 
? 'i 
1+4 
7o 13*4 i 
345 IO 
799 1o78 
5'+ 
3 ** 
1174 476711 16 
144 
8oo 1o+4 
274 142o 
6 

1o177 
25 
14o 

8 
4+Y-f 
»* 
JV9......... 
8 
+ \H 
3 + * r 15 16 
Vt. 
■ 
12 
+ 
+? 
7 '/*+ 
Vt 
4 
* 11-16 
1 $ * ........ 
8 
4 
+* 
4+1 + 
H 
TV*......... 
13’ t 13+j + VA 
8i * 
9'7*F I* * 
- 
5 
+ 1+4 
' 8 
H i 
H 
8*4 1o+4+ 1+4 
4+4 
SH t 
IM 
7o6 4448 
2+4 
1+421 16 4 +4 
5o 
886 
6 V4 
5 
6+4 + I 
2213 16 4 13 16 
4*4 
5*+ < v , 
1+9+ 
Kl 
6+4 4 I 
2 
+ 
+* 
+9 
. . 
T i + 
+4 

Vt 
5 
14* 
Va 
17* 

461 146o 
3 
4V 152 5*4. 
384 1548 
1+9 
23 
14o 
6V4 
92 
958 
2 
11 
42 
Vt 
78 
71 V t 
52 
185 
I 'A l l 16 1+4 4 
Vt 
12 
159115 IA111 1 6 1 '* + '* 
1 
8 5+4 
5'A 5+4 4 
VA 
IO 
22 i n iv * } + • + 
'A 
SI 2o37 in in 2+9 + 3 16 
2 
38o 2H 
3 H OH 
H 
7 147o11 1611 1611 16 
1o1o 9778U 16 
+* 
»**• 
2 219o1161 161 16 
665 7397 
I 
+ 4 1 5 1 6 -3 1 6 
17o 
54o3 16 
V* 
Vt 
SIO 21o9 
I * * 
I 13 16 + 3 16 
27 
434 4+9 
4+4 44* 
V* 
287 67419 165 167 1 6 - 
’ » 
357 35o6 
I 
*+15 16 
7 
228 5 
4 + a 4 Va— 
Vt 
192 
49913 16 I 13 16— I 16 
16 
639 IV . 
1+9 IV*— 
U 
52 36731 161161 16 

481/4 
48+4 
48+4 
33+4 
33'A 
33*4, 
33+4 
33+4 
33+4 
33+4 
33+4 
33+4 
33+4 
35+4 
35U 
35+4 
35+4 
35+4 
35+4 
35U 
35+4 
35+4 
35 V, 
35’ , 
35M 
3 5 '* 
35 H 
35’ , 
29** 
29 *» 
29+, 
29*, 
H H 
OIH 
3 1632 V* 
Vt 
IO' a 

Inexco M a y 15 
Inexco MayTO 
Inexco M av75 
Ine xco A ug 15 in exco A ug 2o 
Ine xco Aug25 
Inexco N ay 15 . 
Ine xco Nov2o 
Inexco N o v 25 
Joy M ay4o 
Joy M a y 45........ 
JO YM aySO 
Joy A ug 45 
Joy A a g 5 o ............. 
Joy N ov 4o 
Joy N ov 45 
Joy N ov 5o 
L a L n d M a y 2 5 
I a L n d M a y 3 o 
L a L nd A ug25 
. 
La L n d Aug3o. 
L a I u d Nov?5 
La L n d N ov 3o 
M a l lo t M a y IO 
M a n e ! M a y 9 '/4 .. 
M a rio t 
Aug IO 
M a rio t A ug IS 
M a rio t Aug9 +4 
M a r lo t A u g 1 4 '* 
M a r io t N o v IO 
M a rio t NOV 15 
M a rio t N ov9 *4 
AAariot Nov 1 4'* 
M i 
D er M ay45 
M c D er M a y SO 
Mc D e r M ay6Q 
M r D er A ug 45 
M c D er Aug SO 
M c D e r Aug AO 
M c Dei 
N ov 15 
M c Der NOV SO 
M i 
Der N ov 6o 
N L Ind A u g 2o 
NL Ind 
A u g 2 5 .. 
N I 
Iud Nov?o 
N I 
Iud N o v 25 

386 
341 1o*4 
8+4 IDV* * 
4643 2536 
3*4 
3* a 
SM * 
6889 395? 
I+*5 16 
IV* * 
429 
SBO l l 
437o 4998 m 
8448 6871 
6 U 
25o 
355 l l Vt 
1394 2585 
7 +4 
4812 5425 
I 
I 
43 
195 
S II 
358 
448 
7 
84 
34o 

? '* 
2’ 

 a n i n i n 
48 
26 
IM 
I 
15 
33 
118 
464115 161 
IO 63461 161 161 16 
67 
457 
2 '* 
2+4 
7M 
5o8 3695 
7*5 16 
V| 
98 
IST 
3*/* 
2+9 
2+4 
184 1416 
7* l l 1613 16 

3+4 
IV * 
8 

2+: 

8'* l l 
T U 
6+9 * 
I Vt 
o 
I 17 16 
8* * IH A + 2*4 
$ 
/+« t 2+* 
2+4 
4 
I 19 16 
7 * * - 
+4 
2+4— 
+4 
+ • - 1 16 
31/4- 
Vt 
I 'A— 
Vt 
8 
+ I 
5 
— n 
1 
— 
1/4 
1 +*— 
+4 

7 1* 
2'* 
Vt 
3+4 
IV* a 
4+4 
W t 

Vt 

1o4 
177 
4* 
' a 
'Bi­ lo / 
586 
+9 
Vt 
Vt - 
Vt 
116 
63415 16 
'* 1 1 1 6 - 3 16 
77 
119 
V* 
Vt 
Vt 
I 16 
3o 
1357 I Mi 
7, 
V t - 
Vt 
24 26o63 16 
* | 3 1 6 f l 1 6 
256 
1448 1*» I l l 
16 
I 16 
75 
224 
Vt 
>» 
+ . 1 16 
JO 
667 1+B 
1* I ’/*— 
»/* 
9 
419 
4*5 16 
M f 
Vt 
16 
147 BM 
7+4 / M f 
V* 
267 
1o82 3+A 
I " , 3 + 9 1 
I 
8 
3573 161 163 16 ■ I 16 
3 
245 9+9 
8V9 9+9 f 
IM 
17o 1162 
2o9 
73 
6 
SI 
117 
IO 

52 
5o7 
64 
95 

S+/4 
1+9 
9+9 
7 
V t o n 

 s n f 
IM 
9+9— 
6+9 f 
2+9 
. 
3M + 

I Mi 

1o+ io u 
I O '* 
IOU 
U M 
U M 
U M 
U M 
U M 
11+9 
I I Va 
98 
797115 1 6 1 M 1 M ........... 
11+9 
141 2o223 161 16 
+i 
34 
245 2 
I ' * 
I *'4— 
Vt 
15 4 
577 
'A 3 16 
Vt 
.. 
53 
447 
6+9 
5+/4 6 M + 
U 
124 1983 
? M l l 2+4+3 16 
97 
321 
*z 5 1 6 M -f- 
11 
83 
869 3+> 3 
3+4 f 
+4 
129 
536 
1*415 16 IM -*- 
+• 
4 
8 7+9 7*A 
7*/9 +- 
Va 
23 
74 4+* 3M 
4+a 4- 
*4 
93 1166115 16 M 17 16— I U 
82 2673 
U * '*3 -1 6 
I 4 
9 > S I . I 4 . 
74 
78629 * ^ , 2 1 - 1 6 — 
28 116o 
M 
M 
+ * - 
32 
HO 
OH 
T A 
2 M - 
16 
39215 1613 1613 I* 

5 -H . 
• Vt 

 l l 
187 
SM 
4*9 
187 
672 
I 15 16 
4M-- 

19 
451 6 
5+9 
5+9— 
16! 
925 i n 2*4 
2+9— 
2 
125 6+9 6 M 
6 M + 
14 
69 3+9 VA 
3+» - 
3 
34 2+4 2 
2*A ■+ 
2o 
3881 161 161 16 
28 
13o 2* 9 2 
2+9 * 
M 
IO 
381 161 161 16 
.. 
9 
2! 2M 2+4 
V a 7 
V* 
IO 
1o1 161 161 16 
US 
372 IM I 
1+4 
69 13365 163 163 16 
84 
259 ?’ * I * * 
IM —-3-16 
51 
8o89 167 167 16 
3 16 
24 
ST i n I 
I 
— 7 
16 
66 
2 U 
I 
Vt 
*4— n 
8 
162 3 M O n 
3Mr - 
+» 
21 
335 
H 
H 
M — 
Vt 
46 
2)411 16 
M IS 16— Vt 
1o 
2 4M 4M 
B M R 
Vt 
I 
7 W t WA 
IM * 
Va 
M a y I o 
J* A ** Vt 
'A v I * VI 

11+9 
I I M 
11 Vt 
3**4 
36'A 
36+4 
36+4 
36+4 
36*A 
36*4 
35M 
3 5 '* 
JSM 
35M 
35 M 
35’ , 
44+, 
4 4 ' , 
4 4 '* 
4 4 '« 
44 M 
4a'a 
IT /t 
IT A 
ITA 
22+4 
IT A 
22+4 
25 
253 
25 
25 
25 
25 
33*, 
33M 
33M 
33** 
33M 

2 o 

G A F 
G A F 
G A F 
G A F 
G A F 
G A F 
’Gee Pac 
G e o P a c J u l35 
Geo Pac 
Ju*34M. 
G eoPac JuU9+4 
G eoP ac o o 3o 
G eoPac O rt35 
G eoP ac o O 3 4 M . 
G eoPac Jar>3o. 
G eoP ac J a n 3 5 .. 
H ow Jn J u n o 
H o w in 
Ju* 15. 
How jn 
O d IO 
H o w Jn O c ) *5 
How Jn 
Jan i i 
H o w Jn Jan IS 7 

 l l 
279 
M U 1 *1 1 1 6 + I M 
2o 
5 
41o1 IA I IA I 16 
TO 
57 
261 1+4 15 16 I 
— 
'A 
2o 
3 
2753 163 163 16 
2o 
23 
324 2 
2 
2 
— 
+• IIM 
35 2o95 
V .M 6 1 16 
. 
I I M 
5 
128 2 
I 
I 
— 
Vt I I M 
21 11o5 
*A 3 163 16 
U U 
7 
4321 1 IA T ’ 92+9— 
U 
I I M 
56 
281 
M 5 16 M - l- 1 6 l l 7* 
25 
38 2’ *15 16 
I ’M— I 
3oU 
5o 
53o5 16 'A S -1 6 .... 
3o+* 
16 
1989 16 
Vt 
V* 
3o+* 
2 
OII Mi 
Vi 
+ 1 -1 -1 6 
JOU 
68 
79 3'A V A V t — 
Vt 3o+4 
71 
338 *A 
M 
M — 
V* 
3o+4 
18 
1o8 I 
’A 
H 
3 on 
61 
62 OH 3 
3 
— 
Va 3o*4 
138 
128 1M15 1615 16— l f 16 
SQM 
175 3o58 
+9 
M7 16— 1-16 
9* 3 
24 28291-161-161-16 
. 
*+ ) 
148 3Ao4U 16 
M i l 1 6 -1 1 6 
9*; 
27 1438 
1*1-1 6 1-16............. 
9+j 
665 1246 
I M l 3 16 V t>- 
'A 
9+j 
2o 
27 Mi 
V* 
V t t * ; 

P G M a y 55 
P G M a y AO 
P G Aug 55 
P G A u g AO 
P G Nev5o 
P G N ov 55 
P G N ov 6o 
P U s fn M a y3 
P iis tn M a y 3 5 
P tis tn M a y 4 o 
P Its in M n y3 4 + * 
P ttstn 
Aug3o 
P tts tn 
Aug35 . 
P t’ s ln A ug 4 o 
P lts tn A u g 3 9 * 4 
P t's tn 
Nov3o 
P tts tn N o v 35 
. 
Sr of P Jut IS 
S cot P Ju l 2o 
Scot P O ct IS 
S cot P O f 12o 
Scot P Jan 15 . . 
Scot p Jan 2o 
SeabCL Jut35 
S ea b C L J u l4 o 
SeabCL O c t4o 
SeabCL 
Jan4o 
Sun Co M ay35 
Sun Co M a y 4o 
Sun Co M a y 45 
Sun Co M aySO 
Sun Co A ug 4o 
Sun Co Aug 45 
Son Co AugSO 
Sun Co N ov 45 
Sun Co 
Nov5o 
' etdyn JulSO 
T eidyn Jul55 
T e id yn Jul6o 
T e id y n J g i68 
T e id yn Jul7o 
T e id y n J u l5 3 '« .. 
T e id yn Ju tS S 'k.. 
Teidyn OdSO 
. 
T eidyn O d 55 . 
T e id yn O d SO 
T e id yn O d6 8 
T e id yn O d 7 o 
T e ld /n O d S B M .. 
T e id yn JanSO 
T e id yn J a n 5 5 .. . 
T e id yn Jan6o 
Te id yn Jan7o 
T rn s a m AAaylO 
T rn s a m 
M a y lS 
T rn s a m A ug IO 
T rn s a m 
A ug 15. 
T m s a m No v IO 
T rn s a m 
N ov IS. 
Un Pac MaySO . 
Un P a c M a y 5 5 
Un Pac A ug 55 
Un Pac AugAO 
Un Pac Nov55 
Un P a t NovftO 
Va E p J u n o 
Va E P 
J u iiS 
Va E P O ct IO 
Va E P O d IS 
Va E P Jan 15 
. 
W st u n Ju i?o 
W sf Un O d 15 
W st U n O c t2o 
W it Un 
J an 2o 
W lw rtr, MayTO 
WI w rth M a y 25 
W tw rth Aug2o 
W tw rth A o g 2 5 .. 
W lw rth NOV2o 
W lw rth ^ N o v K 
T o ta l v o lu m e 

SO 
88511 16 
+9l l 16 A ). 16 
12 
67 
4 
3+9 
4 
* 15 16 
132 
719 
I 
M IS 16 t 3 16 
34 
4o 
4*4 
3 M 4 
I 
Vt 
69 
758 
Vt 
Vt n 
Vt l l 
154 
5+4 SH VA 
8o 
7452$ 16115-162+4— V* 
IO 
33 IO '/* 1o+1 IO* • n 
IS 
52 
6+9 
6+4 6+4— 
Vt 
65 
87 
3* z213 163+4 
+4 
281 
645 
1 **3 163-16— I d * 
1 2688! 161 IA I 16 
... 
2 
68o1 161 161 16 
I 
9 94 ! 161 161-16 
78o 
815 
7+411 16 1+9— 
+4 
194 27619 16 
M n — 
U 
7 11183 IA I 1 6 1 -1 6 -3 16 
2o 
598 
M 3 163 16— I 16 
6o2 
668 
3 
I H I I 16— Vt 
17o 
1234 
'A 
H M -3 -1 6 
14 
SI 2+4 
2*4 2+4+ 
M 
52 1133 
M I 16116 
“ 
36 2 M 
2 '9 2+9— 
U 
584 
+43 163 16 - 
Mi 
72 o n 
3 
3+4+ 
Mi 
123 
+9 
M Vt.............. 
141 
3+9 
3M 3 U A 
>, 
S O U L IA 9 169 16 A 1-16 
698 
IM M 16 1 U + 
Vt 

I 
62 
5 
35 
7 
9 2 
64 
28 
VO 
7111 16 
IM 
5 
43 8 '4 
8+4 8+4- I Vt 
OI 
239 3*9 
3+4 3+9+ 'A 
1o9 8343 161 
16 
'-1 — 1-16 
4 
7621 161 161 16 
43*9 
171 
4 M 
4 '* 4+4 A Vt 
43 

25+4 
25 Vt 
75 + 4 
25 + 4 
IS H 
IS H 
25M 
25 u 
IS H 
4$ * H 
47>« 
47 M 
47 M 
47 M 
47M 
47 M 
47M 
2 6 '* 
76* a 
2 6U 
76+, 
26' a 
2 6 '* 
9 U 
9 Vt 
9 H 
9 Vt 
V7* 
9 7, 
9 '* 
9 n 
9'a 
9 7« 
53’ 9 
53+j 
53* 9 
53* 9 
53*9 
53*9 

53’ 9 
22M 
22*4 
I M u n 
59 
59 
59 
59 
59 
59 
59 
29' 9 
J I Mi 
29+9 
2 9+ t 
2 9 '* 
29+j 
2 9 ’ 9 
29’ * 
I T i b v t 
I7 U 
17+4 
17' 4 
17+4 
17*4 
17+4 
37 U 
371/4 
37*4 
37+4 
43’ 9 
43'9 
43' i 

31 
157 
935 1+* 
IM 1+4 
116 
5o47 165 167 16 A I 16 
4? 
486 2+9 
IM 2+9 + 
M 
14 
1811 M A 
M U 16 ♦ I 16 
5* 
789 TO 
16* a 17M - 
H 
IS 
791 U M IIM 13 
— 
+9 
384 
2515 IO U 
AM BM - 
*» 
649 4539 
6+4211 I6 3 M F M 
1792 6424 
J U 
1M 2H 16+3 1* 
39 
483 16+4 U U 15*9+ 
'9 
91 
1469 12 
8+4 IO 
- 
M 
5 
193 TO7, 18'9 
18+9— '2 
74 
482 16M 13' 9 
14 
— IM 
ISO 1468 12+4 8' > 
IQM— I 
2 
o 2393 AM 4 U 
SM— +a 
35o 3486 S U 3 '2 
4 M ,.. , , 
54 
6o8 13*'4 1o+4 
I I M — 1+4 
I 
7 6 2 o 
7o 
2o 
. . . . . 
14 
1o7 ISV* U H 
15+9— I 
24 
631 l l 
IO l l 
— IM 
224 
1544 7M 
4 U 6+4+ 
Vt 
3o 
687 4 ’ 7 
4'4 4 '4 - 
Vt 
49311387 M I 161 16 
42 
259 4M 
4 '> 4 H + 
+* 
389 84989 16 
M 
24 
38 4 M 
4' j BU 
Vt 
ISI 327313 IAU 16 U A 1-16 
22 
219 AM 6 
A A 
126 
3 5 9 l l I 161 
43 
354 3 M 
1H 
IM A 
3+4 A 
+4 
IM A 
M 
4' 9 + 
M 
2+4 A 
Vt 
4 * 4 
. . . . 
Vt . . . . 
5 
M * 1-16 
' 94 1 16 
1-16 

6o,392 

59 
236 
I M Vt 
27 
275 4 'j 3M 
49 
239 i n IM 
1 
4 * M 4 U 
23o 5818 
+43 16 
IS l l 5 
5 
68 273o 
MS 16 
381 
959 
+* M 
AO 3482 
M I 161 16- 
5 
69 V t V a V a ............. 
82 2138 
+43 163 16 
95 
539 
M S M 
*1 
34 
172 4' B 3 
3 M — 
IM 
9o 3197 
M il 161 16— I 16 
2o 
55 4 M 3 M 3 U - 
IM 
195 197611 16 7 16 
+9— 
+4 
55 
45 47, I M 4 f - 
Vt 
14o n o s 
I U +-413-16^7 
16 

43+9 
4 3 * ? 
43+'* 
43+9 
67+* 
677* 
67 M 
6 7 ** 
6 7 '* 
67'* 
6 7 '* 
677« 
6 7 '* 
6 7 '* 
6 7 '* 
677» 
67+* 
6 7 '* 
6 7 '* 
AT7* 
67 M 
14+b 
14 M 
14+b 
U *» 
U U 
U M 
56’ a 
56+9 
56’ 9 
56’ 9 
56’ J 
56«* 
15U 
15’ * 
IS ’ « 
15’ 1 
15U 
U M 
1 7'* 
17M 
17M 
23*1 
2 3 U 
23’ * 
23U 
23M 
23’ 
O p e n in t e r t f ll 
277,6 46 

Page 
I 6-D 
San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Saturday May 14 I 977, 

S . A . r e p l i e s t o f i r e f i g h t e r s ’ d e m a n d s 

By JIM WOOD 
City management dropped its contract demands on the fire fighters Friday, including one aimed at curtailing political ac­ tivity by the fire fighters union. 
The city also said it will fight a move by the union to do away with residency requirements. 
This provision takes on added signi­ ficance because the city has begun en­ forcing an ordinance requiring all city employes to live within Bexar County. 
And City Council is gathering infor­ mation to determine if a city law re 

 quiring employes to live within the corporate limits of San Antonio should be reinstituted. 
Positions and counter-positions are being taken as the city prepares for opening talks Wednesday with the San 
Antonio Professional Firefighters 
Assn. 
Association demands, including a 25 per cent hike in salaries and fringe benefits, were delivered earlier this week. 
The response of the city bargaining team was delivered late Friday to the 
SAPFA. 
The city demand covering political 

 activity would forbid the union from making contributions to any political party or candidate for public office. 
Any violation would allow the city to discontinue payroll deduction of union dues — a critical item for any public employe union. 
As for residency requirements, the union asking for a provision to exempt fire fighters. Some are living outside of 
Bexar County, in violation of the exist­ 

 ing ordinance. 
The city’s response says a residency requirement is reasonable. As for sa­ lary, the city says fire fighters are well paid — a standard opening position. 
The city also wants to increase the probationary period from six months to a year. This is the period during which an employe can be terminated or reduced in rank without cause being cited. 

Another demand would let the fire chief appoint top ranking officers without competitive examinations re­ quired by current rules. 
The city response to a union demand for free parking at work sites is sim­ ple: “ No way.” Meanwhile, the city staff is continuing its count of city employes to learn how many are living outside the city limits and outside 
Bexar County. 
Police Chief E. E. Peters already has ordered 24 policemen known to live outside the county to tell him in writ­ ing by the end of the month what they intend to do about it. 

One of the officers responded by filing suit in federal district court claiming the ordinance violates his civil rights. 

The city opened contract talks with the San Antonio Police Officers Assn. this week. Where police officers may live was not stipulated as a bargaining item as it is with the fire fighters. 
As a practical matter, the city is going to find it difficult to establish different living rules for different groups of employes, whether they are represented by a union or not. It is the nnp miip that ran be aDDlied equally. 

1 ; 
' ii i/TV, 

 r n * mm 

L U M K L t l f c 

CB RADIO SERVICE 

W I SERVICE ALL M A K E S OF 

: 
<?« Ra d i o s a a c c e s s o r i e s 
- -v'Av. 
■. ■'v- 
• 
• 

,• Warranty Station—-Most Major Brands 

• First Class FCC liconsod Ttchnicians 
• latest 23 I 4o chal. AM/SSB/Mobile Test 

Equipment 

I • 24 hr. Repairs in Most Cases 

Visit Any Star. ^ A 
Q 
A A f . C 
-j or Call... 
O H T 
- i t 4t O 
J 
Communications,Elc 

TsOFA-SlilP 
I 
SPECIAL 

REG. 
$279.95 
NOW 

Regardless of your space, here s your chance to own a smartly styled sofa that converts in sec­ onds to sleep two. Full sleeper has deep revers­ ible foam seat cushions. All are covered in rug­ ged family proof herculon. 

FURNITURE DISCOUNT 
1331 BANDERA RD. (G ib so n c e n t k i 

Of U V fK T 4 3 4 * 4 1 4 9 
TIMMS 

I A S T 
TIM M S 

JKI SO nR BT SAI* 
> o r-O u td o o r C a r p e t 
$ 2 45 
Indoor-O utdoor C arpet 
Vi Price reg. $4.95 
Hi-Lo Shag— 
1oo% N ylon 
$ o 9 5 installed (includes pad & labor) reg. $1 1.95 sq. | 
Vinyl Special - Closeout On 

In Stock Items 3o to 6o% OFF 

 sq. yd. 

9 5 sq. yd. 

M 

Downtown 
W E CAN ’T BE BEA T 

Laredo 

L LLS. 9o 

4 ^ 4 DISCOUNT CARPET 
-'I Discount 
Jo 
G & 
WAREHOUSE 

, 
2 2 5 - 4 4 o 1 
1 2 5 W 
. C 
E 
V 
A 
L 
L O 
S 
Turn East from IH-35 on So. Laredo Ext. 

CLIP AND SAVB 

W 

FAMILY. SPIfilAloNir 
TACOS 
BEAN BURRITO ] [ #* [ [ . 
. 
. 
. 
. 
. 
A Z * 

BEAN TOSTADA* 
FRIJOE ('A PINT) * ] #* #* * * ‘ 
BEEFY TOSTADA * ’ * * ’ * 
* * * £ # * 

2 7 • ! 

I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I ENCHIRITO 
I 
I 

— NO LIM IT■ 

A Z * 
ONLY 
2 7 ' J 

A Z * 
ONLY 
2 7 * | 

2 7 ' 

5 9 ' 

5 9 * I 

A Z * 
ONLY 

Z Z * 
ONLY 

JV t* 
ONLY 

OFFER GOOD ONLY WITH THIS COUPON AT 
3667 FREDERICKSBURG RD. 
(across from N .W . Shopping Center) 
IE 

 m m 
.BB*® 

MCR cram aiHUKi-iMMt wren 
FARM AND CARDEN TRACTOR with the following tools: 
44” heil; newer ted bar cdtivatsrs tsnwnf pbw niiMleiNstm rev 
Ase harrow frewt 
GO SPEEDEX— 
AMERICAN MABE 
16 H.P. 

^ H R G E R S O N CO. 
739 Steves Ave. 
• Phone 533-5145 

W INDELS 
COUNTRY & CASUAL WEAR 
CORNER OF JAC KSO N KELLER & BLANCO RD. 

COUPON 

I|2 5 % 

5 4 3 5 B L A N C O RD. 

OFF i 

ANY PURCHASE OF 
REGULAR PRICE 
MERCHANDISE 
G O O D THRU M A Y 2oth 
WITH THIS COUPON 

3 4 9 -8 2 3 2 

ROBBED? 

Don’t Let It Happen 
To You! 

Protect Yourself 
FIRST! 

98% of all burglars enter your 

 home through windows and doors 

BE 98% SURE WITH 
W INDOW GUARDS 

CS jf*) 
BURGLAR BARS 

FROM 

GUARDIAN 

HOME SERVICES 

Call 
Call 
Today 
Today 

 r n 

DREAM ENGLANDER 

 k/Wlay 

 i f 

M a*, 

TWIN 
SET 

FULL 
SET 

QUEEN 
SET 

INNERSPRING MATTRESS i 

^ 
U 
O v 
A 
N 
D 
B 
O 
X 
S 
P 
R 
, N 
G 
S 

Ask us about our d eal on dining room & living room furnishings at IO% over cost! 

155o BANDERA RD. - M W L - 433-9o7 

BERNINA 
83o series 
WITH 

NEEDLE 
POWER 

★ Insures the full piercing force through thick and thin, fast or slow. ★ no tension adjustments ★ the 

 famous impopable stretch stitch for pressed open 

 seams ★ presser foot knee litter ★ automatic but­ 

 tonholes and much, much more. 

BERNINA SEWING CENTER 
114o9 WEST AVE. 
344-3766 

FOR INFORMATION 

REGARDING ADVERTISING 

ON THIS PAGE 

CALL 225-7411 

RETAIL ADVERTISING 

WEEK 
LONG 

TRUNDLE BED 
Sturdy metal unit A 2 quality mattresses, tucks away easily! 
WITHOUT ENDS 
*129“ 
WITH FINISHED ENDS *239“ 

? 11 r z z £ « 

AU INNER-SPklNG CONSTRUCTION 

 t it _ 
___________ 

Open Mon. thl& J L-.flfi IM ITituS. nCioon 
4915 McCullough, 6 biks. N. of Olmos Dr. 
824-o2o1 
EASY TERMS! 

SO 

5o 
* KING SET . *199 

* QUEEN SET *169 

* DOUBLE SET S9 9 So 

* TWIN SET.... *895o 

— — — 
— — — 
■ ------------------- 1-----------------— 
- i ii......im ii 
- i r a n — r 
Saturday 
^ 
EXPRESS NEWS 
Scene 

I 
May 14 I 9 7 7 
Page 
I -E a 
Meet the new 
Craft Center administrator 

BSP plans merienda 

Mrs. Sylvia Lopez, Maria Vega and Mrs. David Sheened examine an Oriental rug which will be among the door prizes at the Beta Sigma Phi merienda. 

San Antonio Beta 
Sigma Phi members will hold a merienda from 4 to 6 p.m. 
Sunday in the home of Jolan Henning. 

The event will raise funds for the sorority’s 
Elsie Jane (“ Muddy” ) 
Allison Memorial Trust 
Fund, which was origin­ ated by a bequest from 
Mrs. Allison to help crippled children. 

Money from the fund provides treatm ent for needy children at the 
E aster Seal Treatm ent 
Center. 

“ Muddy” Allison was the first woman admin­ istrative assistant to the city attorney in San An­ tonio, a m ilitary court reporter in China and the 
Phillipine Islands, chair­ man of the W omen’s 
Sports Committee of the 
Amateur Athletic Union and m em ber of the Na­ tional Board of Gover­ nors of the AAU. 

She spent nearly three decades in the sorority as an honorary member of the Alamo City Council and received the highest honor the sorority can. bestow — International 
Honorary Member. 

The merienda is open to the public. Tickets are 
$2 and may be purchased at the door. Prizes have been donated by local merchants for the occa­ sion. For more informa­ tion, call Mrs. Henning or Mrs. Philip Kulbes. 
Who are the Top Teens? 

Find out this Sunday 

In the Express-News 

Crisp Cool Separates 

Whites— Pastels— Bright Colors 

From Famous Makers Including 
Breckenridge, Glen of Michigan, 
Dalton, Givenchy, Dorce, 
Emily Just Emily 

• Knit Tops 
. Blazers. Skirts. Shirts 
•Jackets. Pants.Shorts 

Separates are in 1oo% polyester, 

 cotton, cotton/polyester and nylon 

SIZES 6-18 

Frank Bros. 

On A lam o P laza— C entral Park M a ll— W indsor Park M all 

.A. woman as designs n fashion 

CHRISTINA KLEBERG, ASHLEY SATEL 
.modeling Carol Yee's fashions from Sunday’s Child 

TUESDAY 
IO a.m. TECH HIGH 
ICHOOL PTA, in the each er’s lounge. New ifficers will be installed. 
Executive com m ittee vill meet at 9. Scholar­ ships and service pins vill be aw arded at the 
•egular meeting. 
7 p.m . 
ESCOBAR 
IUNIOR HIGH SCHOOL 
PTA, in the cafetorium. 
\ demonstration will be 

 given by the Physical 
Education Department, directed by Mrs. Dec 
Williams, George Pena, 
M rs. Wilma Gonzales and R obert Reynolds. 
Mrs. Thelm a Jackson, 
D istrict coordinator on 
P rogram s for Alcohol and Drug Abuse, will in­ stall new officers. 
WEDNESDAY 
7:3o p.m . COLLINS 
GARDEN 
ELEMEN- 

By EVE LYNN SAWYER 

The Southwest Craft Center introduced its new chief admin­ istrator, Dr. Merle Waelder, at its annual meeting and wound up with several new on-the-spot volunteers for the organization. 

« 
During luncheon on the grounds of the Old Ursuline, we had a chance to get acquainted. Since 1946, 
Dr. 
Wachter has lived in Mexico. Ile started the art department in Mexico 
City College in January 1947. This be­ came the University of the Americas in 
I96o and moved to Puebla in 197o. In time, he became Dean of the Graduate 
School. 
The art department began with six students in an attic room of the col­ lege. By 1976 Dr. Wachter had built it to 25o art students in a program offer­ ing bachelor and m aster’s degrees in fine arts and art history. 

Michigander 

TARY SCHOOL PTA, in the cafetorium. Officers will be installed by Mrs. 
Peggy Shaver, vice pre­ sident, 
San 
Antonio 
Council of PTA. Winners for the 4th-5th grade ta­ lent show will present a program , directed by 
M rs. 
Elnora Pierce. 
Executive meeting will be held at 8:3o a.in. 
M onday in the faculty dining room. 

This career was entirely unplanned. 
Dr. Wachter is originally from Grand 
Rapids, Mich., and studied at the 
American Academy of Art in Chicago. 
He became a portrait painter in 1939, md planned to return to that career ifter serving in the Infantry for four years during World War II, winding up as a captain. 
At the end of the war, he took a holiday in San Miguel de Allcnde and decided to stay and enroll in an art school there. Unfortunately, he con­ tracted hepatitis and nearly died. 
A friend, Richard Rodney, took care of him, bought food and prepared it for him, nursing him back to health. In appreciation, Dr. Wachter asked what he could do for the man, and Rodney asked for a portrait. 
Dr. Wachter painted the portrait while recuperat­ ing. 
Soon after 
Dr. Wachter went to 
Mexico City College with the idea o f enrolling in the art department on the 
G.I. Bill. When the college official said there was no art departm ent, 
Dr. 
Wachter prepared to leave. 

What, 
Where 

ON THE SOCIAL SCENE 

At that point, someone knocked on the door. It was the man who had saved 
Dr. Wachter’s life. He was looking for a ride to San Antonio, and just hap­ pened to have the portrait rolled up under his arm. 
The college official took one look at the portrait, and told Dr. Wachter he should be teaching art instead of stu­ dying it. The official asked the artist to start an art department at tile college, which he did. 
In 1961 Dr, Waehtcr became Exhi­ bition and Collections’ Director of a bi-national center, The Mexican-North 
American Institute for Cultural Rela­ tions, in addition t 

“ My new job took up Saturdays and 
Sundays, so I was working a seven-day week. I taught a course in Art of the 
U.S. and Canada in which I tried to get the Mexicans, Americans and the Can­ adians involved in an exchange of awareness of our common heritage. 
“All of us were doing the same things in art at the same time. In the latter part of the 18th century, San Antonio shared in that with its Spanish domin­ ance. 
“ I came to San Antonio partly be­ cause of this. I felt this would be like stepping from a hot shower into a lukewarm tub. It’s like a half-way house between Mexico and the rest of the United States.” 

Dr. Wachter’s wife, Efsita, will be here for a short visit soon and plans to move here in early July. In the past 15 or 2o years she has become a major 

BY NANCY SCOTT JONES 

Keep your eye on the fashion er Carol Yee. 

H i She’s bound for Seventh Avenue. 
When a fledgling designer’s first ollection is an instant sell-out, here’s reason to think this could be the start of something big. 

It’s happening to Carol, a 1974 gra­ duate in fashion design from Incarnate 
(Word College. 

The San Antonian’s Easter collection bf children’s dresses, made for Sun- iay’s Child, a posh children’s boutique in Alamo Heights, was completely wiped out in six days by approving fmothers. 

Since mid-March boutique owners, 

Ann Maessen and Ann Tobin Rowland, have re-ordered twice from the young designer. 

Ju st what m akes C arol’s work unique? 

“ She’s a perfectionist when it comes to detail, color and lines,” says Sister 
Mary Elizabeth Joyce, “ dean of de­ sign” in Incarnate Word’s home econ­ omics departm ent, and Carol’s in­ structor. 

Sister Joyce, form er departm ent head and now full-time design profes­ sor at IWC has a reputation for de­ manding the best in design and gar­ ment construction from her students. 

“Carol has received excellent train­ ing,” echoes Mrs. Rowland. 

“It takes more than talent to create a garment that demands the best shops.” 

Carol followed the familiar paper doll route into fashion. 

“I found it strange that the dress I had made for my paper doll was in the pattern books,” says the petite de­ signer who came to San Antonio from 
Hong Kong in 1962 with her parents, 
Mr. and Mrs. Benjamin Yee. 
But when her doll dresses continued to show up in the pattern books, she knew she had potential as a designer. 
Basics 

Her sister taught her the sewing basics, and Carol began m aking clothes for her mother and friends. 
She continued to sew through college, winning a first place award in design and color for her wool carpet. 
After graduation, she designed jun­ iors clothes for two local m anu­ facturers. 
Her collection for Sunday’s Child is the first chance she has had to market her original ideas. 
This collection for girls, sizes seven and eight, features cool sum m er dresses in sturdy-for-play piques and eyelets. She uses color in her ribbon and gingham trims. 
Carol is working on the fall collection for the boutique, and she hopes to attract more clients when she moves to 
Los Angeles this summer with her husband, Dr. Allison Yee. 
Eventually she hopes to work with the braintrusts of Seventh Avenue, de­ signing haute couture. 
And what will be the name she puts in her label? Carollison, a combination of her first name and her husband’s. 
CAROL YEE 
...young designer 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Saturday May 14 1977 

MR. AND MRS. VERNON C. LUGER 
Reception to fete anniversary couple 

Mr. and Mrs. Vernon 
C. Utiger will be honored on their 6oth wedding anniversary Sunday with a reception in the home of Mr. and Mrs. Meryll 
I). Jones, their son-in-law and daughter. 
The Utigers were mar­ ried May 16, 1917, in Be­ loit, 
Wis. 
They have 

SUMMER'S 
COMIN'! 

Lots of TOPS and jazzy JEANS for easy-days living— at SPECIAL PUR­ 
CHASE prices. We can only begin to 
"show and tell" you about all the dif­ ferent styles. Come make your selec­ tions while the choices are many! 

IJK 

Non-stop styles in cool cotton and polyester T-shirt tops. All kinds of colors in solids and stripes. Sizes 
Small, Medium, Large. 
Reg. $7 Values 
(SPECIAL) $5 

H H 

 s and white jeans with nov- 
Sizes 5 to 15. 
Reg. $2o Values 
(SPECIAL) MO 

Use your Lenny's Charge, 
Shoppers Charge, Master 
Charge or BankAmericard. 

Hillcrest • Dellcrest • McCreless 

North Star Mall • North Towne Plaza 

 f Helpful’ pal steals husband 

 lived in San Antonio since 1963. 

The couple has five children: Mrs. Margaret! 
Luedtke of 
Midland 
Park, N.J.; David Utiger of Los Angeles; Robert 
Utiger of Oaklawn, 111.; 
Mrs. Dorothy Phelps and 
Mrs. Jones. 

Dear Ann Landers: 
Although I have been a faithful reader for many years. I never understood why a person with a ser­ ious problem would con­ sult you rather thqji seek professional help. Now, 
I’m eating my words. 
My husband and I were married for 12 years. It was a happy and satisfy­ ing m arriage, or so I thought. We had four children, all planned. My husband was a terrific father. 
About five months ago, our fourth child was born. I asked a close friend to help with the other children while I was in the hospital. 
My husband and I en­ joyed her company, and the children absolutely adored her. It got to the point where we became a 
“three-parent family” ! 
Now, it’s a ONE-parent family. Three weeks ago, my husband and my 
“friend” (she’s IO years his junior) ran off to­ gether. I arn now trying to raise four small chil­ dren alone. 
Please, Ann, warn your readers to beware of 
“helpful” friends. In the m eantim e 
— any suggestions? — 
Bum 
Rap 
Dear B.R.: 
Some friend. But bear in mind, dear, she didn’t hit your husband over the head with a club and drag him off. 
I would not be one bit surprised if eventually 
Daddy asked to come home. In fact, I ’d be willing to bet on it. 
Sounds as if he wigged out — temporarily. Let me know, will you? 
Unfair 

Dear Ann Landers: 
I thought you were unfair to the mother who sent for your booklet on teen­ age sex and handed it to her daughter. You said, 
“ Teen-agers resent it when their parents send for something and say, 
‘READ THIS. ” 
Our mother sent for se­ veral of your booklets and gave them to us to read. 
She often opened the newspaper to the page with your column and left it where my sister and I would be sure to see it. 
Mom had very conser­ vative views on sex and it was difficult for her to discuss certain things with us. We respected her for seeking outside help in areas where she felt inadequate. 
We knew she cared. 
What’s more, we got a lot of good advice from your booklets and your co­ lumn. When the tim e came for us to make sex­ ual choices we were well-informed and capa­ ble of directing our own lives. 
So please take back what you said. Ann. 
There must be lots of other m others around like ours. — Patty 
Dear Patty: 
You are right. I was wrong. Mea culpa and a dozen lashes with a wet noodle for OI’ 
Annie. Thanks for the co­ m euppance. I needed that. 
Newspaper 

Dear Ann Landers: 
I have a problem and I feel the only way to solve it is by writing to you and 

Ann 

Landers 

 having this letter printed in the newspaper. 
I am employed in an office that is fairly large, but the people must work in close quarters. The woman who sits next to me has a very offensive odor. In fact, it is un­ bearable. 
Several of us have dis­ cussed it but no one knows what to do. Subtle hints don’t help. I ’m writing to you in the hope you will print this letter and perhaps she will get the message. — In Need 
Of Fresh Air 
Dear In Need: She will 
NOT get the message un­ til someone gives it to her. 
I suggest that several employes in your office clip this column and mail it to her. And since this problem is one I hear about at least a dozeg times a day, you can be sure you will have helped a great many people across' the country. 
Booze 

Ann Landers discusses teen-age drinking — its m yths, its realities. 
Learn the facts by read­ ing “ Booze and You — 
For Teen-Agers Only,” by Ann Landers. Send 5o cents in coin and a long, self-addressed, stamped envelope to Ann Landers, care of The Express, Box 
2171, San Antonio, . Tex. 
78297. 

Professor wins award 

Dr. Jam es R. Riley, assistan t professor of music at UTSA, has won first place in the Meeker 
Foundation Chamber Or­ chestral Competition in 
Fort Worth. 
His composition will be the premier featured se­ lection of the Texas 
Cham ber 
O rchestra when it plays in Fort 
Worth and in other cities in the state. 
The competition is the major orchestral compe­ tition of the year in Tex­ as. 

 love is... 

 r f ^ 

I y A 
** iv 

) 1 - 

X C T 
\ * / 
• & 
■ 

I 

...making sand­ castles on the beach. 

TM Reg US Pit OII — Ab rights re* tnred 
€> 1977 Los Angeles Times 

Dinette W orld 

I lh (My 

. 
‘•-..I 
V r . “ 

 opens its doors to an all new concept of dining! 

Dinettes . . . gam e sers . . . bar stools 
. . . casual seating. 
In rattan 
. . . chrom e and glass 
. . . w rought iron . . . selected hardw oods, and all m etal construction. 

Choose your tab le . . . choose your chairs . . . choose your colors and finishes . . . design your very own! O r purchase only chairs, or tab le, in contem porary, trad itio n al, transitional, or colonial. 

Visit us in Stanley Square a t 
Blanco and 
Loop 
4 1 o . 
D inette W orld! A w orld of selection a t guaranteed low est prices! 

1 3 1 P I E T T E I V T O L C 

71o6 BLANCO RD.—STANLEY SQUARE-^ I-3oo3 

IHICMQ 

§ s m . 

Amy Choate models McMullen’s summer print gown from the 
Harris Shop for Pendleton during this week’s luncheon show in the 
Bright Shawl Tea Room. Liz O ’Neill wears a cotton print and white eyelet dress by Lanz from the Harris Shop for Pappagallo. 

PHOTOS BY CHARLES BARKSDALE 

Jerome K. Harris Jr. commentates as 
Billie Jeffers models a print wrap skirt and carries a natural denim skirt which may be monogrammed as you choose. 
This one says “ Hook 'em Horns.’’ 
Star-studded party set 

JULIETA CENTENO MOKE 
Charros visit 
Spanish cities 

Julieta Centeno Moke, 
Miss Charro 1977, is en route to Madrid, Spain, where she will partici­ pate in the inauguration of the first charro benzo 
(arena) in Spain and 
-Europe. 

She will join an entourage of_ charros from Mexico City for the event. King Carlos will inaugurate the charro ar­ ena and will be the first king in the history of 

 ch arreria to perform such honors. 
The charros will also visit Sevilla, Cordoba, 
Zaragoza and Barcelona. 
Local officials will host pat ues ai eacn city for the visiting charros. 
Miss unarro win return to San Antonio from 
Spain via Mexico May 26. 
She was sponsored by the 
Confederation of Charros of San Antonio. Maximo 
Virgil is president of the organization. 

Stars will feast under the stars. 
O pera Guild of San 
Antonio Symphony will hold a garden party at the home of Dr. and Mrs. 
George Gates Friday after the performance of the opera “ Norm a” in the Theater for the Per­ forming Arts. 
The star of the opera, 
Beverly Sills, will attend the party along with other principals in the cast. Mrs. William Stan­ ford is party chairman. 
Music will entertain the guests all evening. As they arrive, the Wind 
Ensem ble from Alamo 
Heights High School will play. D uring dinner a group from the Colle­ gium Musicum of Trinity directed by G erald R. 
Benjamin will play mu­ sic from the Renaissance and Baroque periods and contem porary selec­ tions. 
Mrs. Josef Freed is in charge of the m usic, 
Mrs. David Kocurek the fresh flowers on the ta­ bles, Mrs. Carlos Monte- mayor, invitations; Mrs. 
Geoffrey Wiedeman, re­ servations; and M rs. 
John T. Saunders, secur­ ity. 
M rs. H ertzel Fine- silver is social chairman 

 of the Opera Guild. Miss 
Helen Hogan is chairman of the opera hosts for 
“ Norma.” These include 
Beverly Sills, Mrs. E d­ g ar 
Tobin; 
T atiana 
Troyanos, Mrs. John M. 
Kefauver; Frank Little, 
Mrs. Joe Kaplan and 
Mrs. Wynn Miller. 
Also, Robert Hale, 
Mrs. W. W. M cAllister 
Jr.; Dianne Claffey, Col. and 
Mrs. 
Lee 
W. 
McCrary; Roger Bryant, 
Mrs. B. F. Pitm an III; 
Roger Melone, conduc­ tor, Mr. and Mrs. Clifton 
Bolner; and Elena Den- da, stage director, Mrs. 
Herbert Karren. 
At the opera p erfo r­ mances, four San Anton­ io children will appear on stage. Proud grandpar­ ents 
Mrs. 
Donald 
Saunders and Mr. and 

Mrs. Jam es H utchins will beam as B riana 
O’Brien and 
Caren 
Crowther m ake their 
“debuts.” 
Briana is the daughter of Mrs. Page Saunders 
O’Brien and Caren is the the daughter of Mr. and 
Mrs. Samuel H. Crowther 
Jr. 
Taking the part of hand m aidens will be Molly 
Livesay, daughter of Dr. and Mrs. George Live­ say, and Sarah South­ worth, daughter of Lt. 
Col. (ret.) and Mrs. 
Stanley Southworth Jjr.. 

' i i 
* - * 
Siclio o l a c tin Lies rn 
U M V 
1 U 
II 

St. Mary’s School 

St. Mary’s Church and 
School will hold its spring festival from ll a.m. un­ til ll p.m. Sunday in Co­ manche Park No. 2. 
Barbeque dinner will be served from ll a.m. tc 
7 p.m. There will be 

 games and a variety ol food, refreshm ents and entertainment. A draw­ ing for a 1976 Classic Van will be heid at 9 p.m. 
Music will be provided by Monsanto from 7 to ll p.m. 

MacArthur 

MacArthur High School will hold Senior Awards 
Night at 7:3o p.m. Tues­ day in the auditorium. 
Outstanding seniors in various fields will be re­ cognized. 
PTA officers will also be installed, f 

—i»............................... 
■-..ii .■■■■■■ 

De ms tai leu. 
Church plans garage sale [ 
Sidney Lanier 

Hope 
Lutheran 
Church on Callaghan 
Road will sponsor a gar­ age sale from 8 to 5 p.m. 
Saturday and Sunday on the church patio. 

Among items available for sale are bicycles, coffee pots, patio furni­ ture and clothing.. 

The public is invited. 

Vets to meet for dinner 

Veterinary Medical As­ sociation of Bexar County will hold an installation dinner in the Anacacho 
Room of the St. Anthony 
Hotel beginning with cocktails at 7:3o p.m. Sa­ 

 turday. 

Dr. Ivan W. Fitzwater, chairman of the board of the National Academy for 
School Executives, will be the guest speaker. 

Garden duo sponsors tour 

Whispering oaks Vai­ den Club will hold a Back 
Yard Tour from 2 to 6 p.m. Sunday. 
Tour will begin at the 
.Swim CJlub and will fea! 

 ture IO back yards. 
Plants and the Whisper­ ing Oaks Cookbook will be sold. 
Public is invited. Rain date is May 22.' 
* 

Sidney Lanier High 
School PTA will present its sixth annual Miss 
Lanier Pageant at 7:15 p.m . Thursday in the 
Lanier Auditorium. 
T hirteen contestants will compete for the title based on poise, persona­ lity and projection. 
Entertainment will be provided during the pa­ geant. 
Director is Miss Doris 
Belvin and Jesse Mendez is principal. 
Buena Vista 
Buena Vista Elem en­ tary PTA will hold its annual carnival from 7 a.m. to IO p.m. Friday on the school grounds. 
Featured will be Oscar 
Zamora and Don Cherna of Sal y Pimienta Variety 
Show, El Mariachi with 
La Bandida and Mexican 
Folk Dancers. 
A variety of Mexican dishes will be sold. 

WORRIED « 
CARE 
2 2 6 - 4 4 4 3 « 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEW S— Saturday M ay 14 1977 
:«■- 
- 
; *■■■■—■ —- 
I i Ii llMMHWOPM 
IT -111 i...Iiliirr ll 
Pbge 
3-E 

SOLOMON SCHECHTER DAY SCHOOL GRADUATES DANIEL WEINGART 

...David Alexander, Yalcir Siegal and Cheryl Peretz try on gowns 

Graduates to share spotlight 

The 1977 graduation cesses of the San An­ tonio Solomon Schechter Day School will be honored at a communitywide talent show May 
21 in San Pedro Playhouse. 

This is the first class to graduate from the day school, which includes first through fifth grades. 

Graduating students are David Alexander, 
Cheryl Peretz, Yakir Siegal and Daniel Wein- gart. 
The talent show will begin at 9 p.m. 

School graduates will share the spotlight with nine representing organizations. 

A $2oo prize will be awarded to the best act. 
Organizations participating in the event in­ clude Agudas Aehim, Alamo City [.edge, B’nai 
B rith Youth Organization, National Council of 
Jewish Women, ORT, Rodfei Sholom Syna­ gogue, SAFTY, Temple Beth-El Sisterhood and Zionist Organization of America. 

Tickets may be purchased in advance by calling Mrs. Shirley Miears at the school from 
8:3o a.m. to 3:3o p.m. Monday through Friday. 

Tuesday Musical Club program chairman Mrs. Martha O ppen­ heim presented two of the piano scholarship award winners, Sid 
Norris and Virginia Cox, to the club’s annual luncheon at the San 
Antonio Country Club. 
ADMINISTRATOR 

 in terio r d esig n er in M exico City, working with some of the large hotels. 
Mrs. Wachter also stages elaborate weddings in unusual places —one of the loveliest was in a fronton court. E ar­ lier, she was a pioneer in flower ar­ ranging in Mexico City. 
The couple has five children. 
Tat- zyana, 22, has been studying wild life m anagem ent in Laram ie, Wyo. She will be in San Antonio next week for a few days before returning to Mexico 

City to assist her m other with the move. 
Timmy, 19, is backpacking in Eur­ ope this sum m er, and is presently in 
Luxembourg. He will return in the fall and plans to study forestpy. 
Terry, 18, will come to San Antonio. in the fall and wants to study oceano­ graphy. The youngest son, Tad, 17, will continue high school here. 
Thalia, 
24, will remain in Mexico 
City in her job as a television photo­ grapher. 
IMPORTANT ANTIQUE A UCTION 
MAY 15TH 
INCLUDING ESTATE ITEMS 
A very special group o f furniture and accessories from New York and 
Florida Estates. Also a container shipment o f antique English and 
French furniture and accessories. Over 25o items including: 
• Antique Oriental Rugs 
• Pair Louis XVI Commodes 
• 115 Piece Set o f Royal Crown • Tiffany Sterling Silver Pitcher 
• Unusual Chariot Type Bar 
• Pair Bronze Mounted Urns 
• IO Chippendale Style Chairs 
• Pair French Brass Candelabra 

Derby China and cutlery 
• Signed Bronze Statuary 
• OUI Oil Paintings 
• Clocks • Art Deco Bronzes 

SPECIAL PREVIEW SHOWING SATURDAY 4 TO 6 AND 
SUNDAY THE DAY OF SALE 1o:3o A.M. TO I P.M. 
SHERA TON INN BALLROOM, 
AUSTIN HIGHWAY 
A UCTION BEGINS A T I P.M. 

Antiques; Inc. 

735-9297 

Auctioneers. Col. Jeff GarreU, Col. 
Norman Garrett. State Lie. No. GS- 
77-o22o 

Tubal ligation is hard lo reverse 

Dear Dr. Lamb 
— I am going to the hospital to have m y tubal ligation reversed. 

Everyone in my family, such as my sisters and mother, say that I should not have it done because it is major surgery. 
They don’t seem to understand that I have to do it because I be­ lieve very strongly that I could get pregnant again and because I feel very guilty because it was done in the first place. 
I was under a great stress at the tim e and I could not cope with any more children. 
My doctor kept pushing me and pushing me until I really be­ lieved I wanted it done. I am only 
26 years old and I need and want another child. 
I have three children, two from a previous marriage. 
Please, Dr. Lamb could you say a few facts about this operation and results so my family would help me through this time. 
I know the percentage is low but there still is a chance. I have the best doctor in the state. 
My own doctor refuses to han­ dle me as far as reversing the process. He thinks three children is the limit in any case. 
Dear Reader — By the time you read my answer you will already have had your surgery, but your 

 problem will help others. 
I do get a lot of letters from women who want to reverse their operation. And I also get letters from both men and women about reversing the vasectomy opera­ tion in men. 
People always think that their lives will not change and never give enough consideration to the fact that they may want children later. 
Many men and women who se­ parate and remarry want to have another child by the second mar­ riage. 
When they have a sterilization operation they never consider any possibility that they will ever have a new m arriage in their life. 
In other instances through ac­ cidents and illnesses a couple 

 may lose one or more children and want more family. 
Considering the unpredictabili­ ty of life I am not very enthusias­ tic about any more or less permanent irreversible means of birth control. 
That includes operations for both men and women. There are exceptions but I don’t think these operations are for either young men or young women in usual circum stances with only one to three children. 
Moreover there are plenty of other m eans of birth control that are not perm anent. 
Yes, some tubal ligations can be reversed. Figures vary but you shouldn’t count on more than one chance in four of being success­ ful. 

About the same success rate applies to men. 
Recently some surgeons claim better results in men but the final success is the ability to produce children and certainly the few techniques with reported better results are not available to the masses who want such reversals. 
Most young women below age 4o can use one of the pills, with a relatively high degree of safety. 
Those who don’t want to use the pill can use the IUD. Both of these m eans a re re v e rsib le at will without surgery. 

MAY irREND-SETTER 
QAI P 
O Z A L C 
Everything... 2o to 5o°oOf f! 

Legacy by # 

An Old World flavor characterizes this ex­ citing bedroom grouping. It includes a triple dresser, tw in mirrors, two night stands and a king sized headboard. A clas­ sic collection in pecan veneers and solids that w ill add elegance to your home. And, special 2o% o ff savings. 
Regularly $1936. N ow $1549. 

Just an example of the Trend-Setting sav­ ings at Trend House throughout the month of May. Every item in the store is 
2o to 5o% off. A ll the quality names in furniture.. .Thomasville, Century,Hibriten, 
Stanley, Thayer Coggin, Flair, Weiman, 
Hickory Tavern, O xford, Clyde Pearson and Stiffel. Don't miss it...it'sourbigone. 

TREND 
HOUSE 

Colonies North Mall / 1-1o West at Wurz- bach / 696-3641. Open 1o to 6...until 9 on Thursdays. Master Charge, Bank Am er- icard, and 9o day charge. 

Personalized T’s s i z e s 38 To 48 

*19 EACH 

T h lilied up for a summer of fun to top your jeans, pants or shorts. Choose your embroidered words: "Adorable*' on red or navy, "Fragile" and "Precious" on black or natural, and 
"Spoiled" oil red or yellow. All in a cool blend of cotton/polyester. By Lady T-Jons 

ORDER BV MAIL OR PHONE 2254161. Villi a ; Tax ami 1.oo fur Handling 

 omanbSkop 

Half and Large Siza fashions 

NO. MAIN AVE./MIL1TA R Y DR. PLAZA 
NORTH STAR M A LL/WONDER LAND 

A lso iii (,u rp u » (J iria lt and lluii.-li>n 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Saturday May 14 1977 

To hove your problem solved or a ques- lion answered, write Action-Express, P.O. 
Itox 2171* Son Antonio* TV 7112o7. 

SO I CAN 
G E T MV E X A C T 
W E IG H T „ 

Home d is p o s it i o n fre d basset 

We are property owners adjacent to Brooks Homes at SW Military Drive and South Flores Street. 
These houses have been vacated by Brooks AFB military personnel for some time. We would like to know w’hat disposition of the property and the houses is to be made. 
Are there any plans for developing the property in the near future? Thank you for your help and any information. 
PROPERTY OWNERS 

H WHAT ABOUT 
'BROOKS Ho NAES 
? ? ? 

A spokesman from real estate at Brooks AFB said the property had been declared in excess to needs recently. 
Brooks AFB filed the 
AF-3oo — disposal action 
— papers with the Corps of Engineers in Fort 
Worth. 
The Corps of Engineers then files the papers with the General Services Ad­ ministration before GSA advertises the quarters and offers the property to all government agencies. 
If no government agency responds, the property is offered to individuals who have ex­ pressed an interest and might want to bid on it. 
The spokesman said the Corps of Engineers was holding the papers because there was a pos­ sibility of land-swapping 

 with an individual at an­ other one of the local bases. 
The Corps of Engineers can only hold the papers an additional six months. 
After that, the govern ment agencies have about one month to re­ spond to the advertise­ ment. 
It shoaid be another eight months before the property is offered to in­ dividuals. bat the spokesman said Brooks 
AFB real estate had not been contacted bv any government agencies who were interested in the property. 
The spokesman also said Brooks AFB did not know yet how the pro­ perty would be sold. It might be sold as one unit, houses and property, or by unit groupings. 

Weather-beaten wood 

Could you please help me solve a serious problem? 
I purchased a porch swing but put it out in the yard under some trees. 
We stored it during the winter, but it is still weather-beaten. 
Do you know' what kind of paint can be used to protect it? You arc so helpful in your column. I hope you have a solution for me. 
MRS. V. F. K. 
Action-Express con­ tacted a local wooden furniture and accessories supplier and builder and asked him what he re­ commended. 
He had four su g g e s­ tions. You could either 

 use outdoor sealer, ena­ mel, marine varnish or spar varnish, depending the type finish you want. 
He said any of the four would protect the porch swing and keep it from deteriorating further. 

G. R. Zepeda, manager of the Retail Merchants 
Assn., said by federal law, a bad credit rating could be held for seven years. 
The only exception is bankruptcy. If you de­ clare bankruptcy, you must report it for 14 years. lf it was eight years ago, your record should be wiped clean of all de­ linquencies. Action-Ex­ press could not check on 

Cowboy paraphernalia 

Do you have an address where I could write to the 
Dallas Cowboys? Do they have a special address for bumper stickers, pictures, etc.? 
D. A. 
For any information pressway, Dallas, 752o6. about the Cowboys, write to the central office at 
You can call the office 
• 6116 North Central Ex- at (214) 369-8o9o. 

Secure shelving 

I read in Action-Express about the person who was having trouble keeping her shelf brackets in the standards. 

I was hav ing the same problem although I kept the weight on the shelves to a minimum. I was relieved to hear I could do something, but hammering the brackets at the joint did not leave the shelves as sturdy as I would like them to be. 

You suggested some kind of glue. What was it? 
MRS. E. D. G. 
Try ham m ering the joints 
— where the bracket meets the stan­ dard — a little harder. 
Some of them just need more reittf4feemenl. 

 lf you are still not sa­ tisfied, use epoxy but make sure it dries com­ pletely before putting any weight on the brackets. 7 

Jock’s brother HamLsK — you see him everywhere...He’s done very well b r himself 
Mu cHo v t* 
W hisky 

His Plasters 
Chace 

 l l ' c / s 
L \J 

 f! ■ [I 
/ 7 j 

( 

 l f 

 l l 
I 
/ 
J 

 lh 
M O MMA 

MOMMA, ON MAZCH 18^, 147V; YOU. 
SAIp, 'WHEN SOU PINC? A VBZY 

C H E A P CAZ T H A T * * I N 
TlP-TOP GWAPB, TLL 
‘ 6IVB YOU T H E 
MONEY. * 

PZA NCI*, IP YOU'ZE 6o1 NS 
TO ZBMBM9BZ EVERYTHING 
TELL YOU, I'M NEVER 
GOING TO TELL YOU 
ANYTHING 
ANYMORE .... 

MARK TR A ll 

 r* th a t f a l c o n s 
I GOING APTE? TH A” 

; I 
o 3 O w P O ? S U B E .' 

I'LL FIRE MY GLIU...MAYBE 
THAT'LL SCARE HIM OFF f 

T 

STEVE R O 
P E R _________ 

BLA ST ITS- HOW \ 
A r r EQ. Z E K E S [ A M I BOKMA MAKE THAT 
IM AQQ INO C A U ,! P/ZZy CAM E UNDERSTAND 
L - we 
MIKE DASHES 
BACK TO THE 
B A LCO N Y- 

WE BOTTA LEAVE — 

 tfo Ly To l e d o / 

OOONESBURY 

..AND THERE IS NO 
QUESTION IN MY MIND 
THAT HISTORY UUU SHOU) j I UJAS HOUNDED FROM 
OFFICE BY A PARTISAN 
PACK OF HUTCH- 
HUNT/NO JACKALS! 

Bad marks 

I want to know how long a bud mark can be kept against one in a credit*bureau report. 
About eight years ago we were experiencing some financial difficulty and were delinquent in our payments to a large company here in San Antonio. 
The company became rather nasty, even to the point of sending collectors to question our neighbors, insinuating that we might be living under an alias. 
This was too much! 
We were never more than two months behind on our payments. Anyway, over the past years we have managed to build a good credit reputation elsewhere in town and were quite upset when one of our creditors told us this bad report was still on file. 
One credit union official did decide to extend us credit in spite of it. but we would like to have this old debt erased from the credit bureau’s record. 
Is there anything we can do? We did pay the old debt off in full. 
Any help or advice would be welcomed. 
MRS. R. R. L. 

..UH..NO. NO. 
THATS NOT QUITE 
UJHAT I MEANT. 
EDU THAT BIT OUT, 
OKAY, D A W ? 

UH, SIR, 

 s 
1 - 

 r~ 

/ 

LET ME JUST TAKE 
ANOTHER SHOT AT 
IT- LETS SEE.. UH.. 
I lOAS THE VICTIM 
OF... NO.. I WAS.. 
UH.. NO.. I..UH.. 

 f rf 
OH. THE HELL 
MTH IT. YOU'VE 
GOT ENOUGH 
STUFF, DON'T 
J 

 m ? f 
YES, SIR. f / 
...J**-*, 

W O R T H 

I HAVE BEEN 
ENCHANTED7 TO 
KNOW YOU, 

RICK O’SHAY 

I HAP TO BE SURE IT WAS 
YOU. M ARY/-ALSO. I CAN'T 
(SET USED TO THE WAY OUR 
NEW POOR CHAINS WORK.' 

FP' t 
I J. tit. i n 

 your file (record) be­ cause you did not provide the column with com plete biographical infor­ mation — name, address, etc. 
To clarify your record, or have it erased, contact 
Zepeda at 223-6375. He said he would be glad to look into your situation. 
The Retail Merchants 
Assn. keeps credit re­ cords and ratings for most of the major stores in San Antonio. 

 rn W E L L , IF THI-=7 A I Isl'T A 
L U C H V b - r e a k ! H E R E 
<I 
I a a a i n n w i M ' e n c a 

.AIN'' THERE YOU ARE, A 
CAT LOOKIN' T ' &E S T O L E . 
E/&FQJE, KITTY KIT Ty.. COAXE 
HERE T' OL.C7 
KIOWA J A C K 

\ 
. GOTCHA! 

APARTMENT 3-Gzr NOW THAT 
I THINK 
AoOUT IT IT HAD TO DE A 
DREAM/ NODODY'D WANT TO 
KILL A BADY HIPPO -NOT 
EVEN A POACHER U 

/LO O K , WHY DON'T YOU G O 
\ 
DACK TO THE HOTEL AND START 
MAKING THE CHANGES*? THIS IDJ 
GOING TO BE THE BE6T 

MISS PEACH 

V I DON'T 
KNOW HOW 
TO THANK 
YOD, 
OFFICER-, 

LIN VA, YOU PUNCHEP IZA. T LL HAVE TO FIN CD A&A\NGT 
YOU, LINLEY T HEZ&W SZE V GZV GOOP KBA$ON$ POZ 
^ ^ H ^ ^ wwat you. PIP/ 

-JbL 

L 

Y £ LLY 
Ccm C O L 
STDOFKTT 
OOUf1 T 

OU, THESE WERE, VOUZ HONOR! 
I FELT LIKE PUNCHING SOMEONE, 
AND IZA* PACB IG SO PUNCHABLE! 

" v : 

Your Health 
Bv 
George C. Tbosleson. M.D. 
Woman feels 
. 
I cheated 

Dear Dr. Thosteson: I am a woman 21 years old. Because of my problem I feel only partly woman. I have been happily married for two years., but I can’t get aroused by my husband’s love-making. I get a little pleasure from his holding and fondling, but I never experience the other physical changes that 
I understand 
I should. 
I feel very cheated, and what man will remain with a woman who can’t return his love? What is wrong with me, and what can be done to help me? — 
Mrs. D.S. 
You undoubtedly are all woman, but you have an obsession about your sexual response. From 2o to 3o per cent of women do not have an orgasm, yet the sex act is not necessarily distasteful to them. 
You state you get some pleasure from fondling, which could be a weak orgasmic response it itself. 
The other changes relate to a physical matter, and at any rate they are not related to whether or not you are “ returning” your husband’s love. 
I doubt there is anything wrong that time and patience, won’t correct. You are, after all, only 21. 
Blood pressure 
Dear Dr. Thosteson: I understand that high blood pressure is a disease and low blood pressure is a symptom. Right? — Mrs. R.T. 
Right and wrong. High blood pressure can exist as a disease with no discoverable cause. That’s called 
“ essential hypertension.” But more often than not the high blood pressure is a sign of some other disorder causing it. Here it is a symptom. 
Low blood pressure (and it depends on your de­ finition of “ low” ) is usually a symptom of an un­ derlying disease, such as adrenal gland insuffi­ ciency or a wasting disease like tuberculosis or malnourishment. For a copy of my booklet on high blood pressure, send 35 cents and a stamped, self- addressed envelope to me care of this newspaper. It will answer other questions you may have. 
Finkelstein 
Dear Dr. Thosteson: What is the “ Finkelstein sign” ? It has something to do with my wrist bone. — 
Mrs. M.M. 
It is a procedure used to determine a specific tendon irritation or damage in the wrist area. It is used in diagnosing DeQuervain’s disease, painful inflammation of the sheath through which a parti­ cular tendon (abductor longus) passes. 
The thumb is placed in the palm of the hand and is clasped by the other fingers. With a certain turning of the wrist a sharp pain results. That’s the 
Finkelstein sign. 
There are many, many other specific “ signs” of this kind developed by physicians over the years to pinpoint nerve or muscle damage with relation to various joint movements. 
For a comprehensive discussion of how to cope with the change of life, write to Dr. Thosteson, in care of this newspaper, for his invaluable booklet, ‘ ‘Make Menopause Easier. 
Enclose a long, self-addressed, stamped envelope and 35 cents. 
WORDY 
GORDY 
B Y T R IC K Y R I C K Y 

1. N eg ativ e reply in a d eep voice l l ) 

 r r r w n 
2. Intelligent Buchwald (ll 

Every w o r d y c u rd y answer is a rhyming pair of words (like True Blue, 
Plain Jane, and Humpiy Dumpty I 
Read the definition, then think of two rhyming words that will fit in the letter squares The number after the definition tells you how many syllables in each word of the rhyming pair. 

3. Consum es red vegetables (I) 

Thanks and $1o to 
Evelyn 
Fitzgerald o f Lindenhurst, IL for #7. Send your best rhyme ti defi­ nition to this news 

4. Not as much em phasis (I) 
—- 

5. Sw earing at the “ Nightingale'’ business (2) 

 n 
I 
I 
I 
I 
T 
W 
H 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 

6. Buddy's tennis paddles (2) 

 n 
7. Greenish longitudinal line circling the globe (4) 

I 
■ 
............................. . 

9 - 1+ 

 sviuiaov sv u jib ii i si t it)ava s i n s m i * osisa is osisu i ) v 
SNJ81SSSJ1 V s i n s SIV! I 18V 18VISS r o s Viol I 
S8JWSSV 

....... 
—----,----m r 
* ’ ■ 
- 
, > 
' 
JI H 
H 
H 
HOROSCOPE 
FOR St MMY m rm W L.:-: 

YOUR 
BIRTHDAY 
SUNDAY: Your effort to convert latent resources or dormant potentials into ready eash crowds all other activities out of your daily living until late in the year. Then you finally figure out successful for­ mulas, gradually have more than enough to fill your needs. Relationships are sensitive, must be carefully guarded against hasty or thoughtless words and actions. 
Today’s natives are noted for political ability, a sense of humor, meeting the other fellow halfway. 

ARIES (March 21-April lf): 
Abandon bod habits, cease use or abuse of luxury items. Leave heavy chores, repairs, gardens alone. Catch your inner psy­ chological and spiritual balance. 
TAURUS (April 2o-May 2o): 
Let others do the lifting, driving, talking. Everybody has the same idea at the some time. The first to toke themselves out of com­ petition are the best off. 
GEMINI (May 21-June 2o): 
Going if alone to sort out feelings distresses somebody who doesn’t understand. Make no secret deals, commercial moves. Check on anyone who hasn't shown ud lately. 
CANCER (June 21-July 22): 
Let a light surge of energy lead to repairs you finish in an hour or two. Most jobs are interrupt ed, drag out awkardly, create a stir over their roujh state. 
-i 

LEO (July 23-Aug. 22): 
Self improvement is your sole im­ portant area of concern. Leave your cash in safe places, spend no more than normally budget­ ed, pick up tabs only for your­ self. 
VIRGO (Aug. 23-Sept. 22): 
Stop daydreaming. Do necessary chores that take close attention but no decision-making. Skip heavy exercise in favor of puz­ zle solving, intellectual pleasures. 

LIB RA (Sept. 23-Oct. 22): 
Wheeling-dealing is out. it’s not a day to do business. Shed hang­ ups in cheerful compony of people who care 
Make visits involving only a show of ameni-, ties. 

SCORPIO (Oct. 23-NOV. 21): 
Lei friends who want thrlll-seekmg adventures go. The little things you take on should be completed before you drop them. Youngsters need attention, guidance. 

SAGITTARIUS (Nov. 22-Dec. 
21): Today's thinking is un­ realistic, based on imagination, fantasy. Enjoy it, but don't try to out any schemes Into action until you've slept over them. 

C APR IC O R N (Dec. 22-Jon. 
19): 
Self-assurance needed to navigate complex patterns of coming influences begins now in spiritual exercises. Be gentle to those of less maturity, unruly moods. 
» 
AQUARIUS (Jan. 2o-Feb. 18): 
Appearances are deceiving. 
Take stock, give thought to hid­ den forces. Questions with no ready answers are more easily solved with a little advance guesswork. 
PISCES (Feb. 19-March 2o): lf asked, offer your experience as a guide. Conditions change swiftly. What worked before may 
>not work the same. Socializing is expensive, not much fun. 

'mg o)(i 

All it takes is a phone 

••• 

 to put the pow er of Express-New ^ 
W A N T -A D S to w ork 
FOR YOU! 

Sell those Usable household items, stored in your 
Garage or attic, Fast 

TW O Lines for 5 Days 
Express and New s 
For ONLY $2oo 

(most items sell the first 3 d ays) 

Call 
225-1666 

THE SAN ANTONIO 
EXPRESS NEWS 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Saturday May 14 1977 
H 

Demos neutral on new voter registration law 

Named Realtor of the Year Friday night by the San Antonio Board of Realtors was Marvin M. Kline, right, a partner in the firm of 
Rosow & Kline, Realtors. Carolyn Hegranes of Don Johnson Co., 

By DAVID HENDRICKS 
San Antonio Democrats say they don’t know where to stand on Presi­ dent Carter’s proposal for a so-called universal voter registration law. 
Bexar County Chairm an Joyce 
Peters said Friday night she has not talked with any Democrat who is for the proposal outright. 
Her concerns and those of other 
Democrats came out during a question and answer session at a meeting of the 
San Antonio Democratic League. 
More information 
Mrs. Peters said she recently told 
White House staffer Harriet Pebbles, 
Carter’s Southwest coordinator, that she would not take a stand on the pro­ posed law until the adm inistration made more information known. 
The law would allow unregistered voters to cast limited ballots during 
November general elections only for 
Goldberg rejects job on assassinations com m ittee 

WASHINGTON POST SERVICE 
WASHINGTON - Former Su­ prem e Court Justice Arthur 
Goldberg has been offered — and rejected — the post of chief counsel for the House Assassin­ ations Committee, informed sources say. 
Committee denies 'hit man9 report 

NEW YORK (AP) — A spokesman for the House Assassinations Commit­ tee denied on Friday a published report that the committee had sought to question about possible involvment in a CIA assassination plot an under­ world “ hit man” who subsequently was murdered 
The June 2 issue of Rolling Stone m agazine said C harles N icoletti became the third underworld figure slain who was suspected as part of a plot by the CIA to kill Fidel Castro in 
I96o because the Cuban dictator had seized their Havana gam bling inter­ ests. 
The others were Sam Giancana, fa­ tally shot a few days before his scheduled appearance before the 
Senate Intelligence C om m ittee two years ago, and John R oselle whose body was found last year in an oil drum floating off Miami. 
Nicoletti met his death in Chicago last March, a day after investigators of the assassinations committee tried to locate him to help ascertain whether organized crime gambling chieftains teamed with Cuban exiles and the CIA to kill Castro and then the late Pre­ sident John F. Kennedy as a way of restoring their investments. 
The committee spokesman declined to comment on a report in the Rolling 
Stone article by Howard Kohn that an­ other Chicago “ hit m an” told the committee of Nicoletti’s involvement in the alleged plot. 
Marshal jailed as a fugitive 

CARNATION, Wash. (AP) — When the new town m arshal cam e from 
Texas to fight the rising crim e rate here he didn’t know he’d be1 spending time behind bars himself. 
Marshal Thomas L. Thomas, 35, a form er Texas deputy sh e riff, was jailed briefly May 9 as a fugitive from 
Calhoun County, Texas. 
The felony offense involved driving a 
1976 Pontiac, now C arnation’s only police car, out of Texas while he still owed $5,-ooo on it. 
Texas has a law that says it’s illegal to remove property from the state without paying all liens. 
King County Police arrested Thomas but released him in his own recog­ nizance after Thomas sp en t a few hours in jail. 
Thomas vows he’ll fight extradition. 
He rem ains on duty patrolling and keeping order as the only law enfor­ cement officer in the tiny town of 65o. 
Meanwhile, he’s looking for another way to pay off the automobile. 
“Texas wants him back, no m atter what arrangements he makes to refin­ ance the c a r,” said M ike R uark, deputy King County prosecutor. 
The decision whether to give Thomas up to Texas lawmen will be made by 
Gov. Dixy Lee Ray. 

Anxious to secure a prestigious re­ placement for former counsel Richard 
A. Sprague, committee members had hoped to announce G oldberg’s ap­ pointment this week. 
But after mulling it over, he decided against taking the job and so informed 
Chairm an Louis Stokes, D-Ohio, 
Wednesday. 
Goldberg, 68, who resigned from the court in 1965 and now practices law here, confirmed iii a brief interview that he had been asked to direct the investigation. 
“ I guess it’s leaking all over,” he said. 
Accepted 

According to one source, Goldberg B tentatively had accepted the job, which 
Sprague resigned in late March on the eve of a House vote to continue the life of the embattled committee. But the former associate justice denied this. 
“ I said I simply could not accept because of my heavy assignments over the next six months,” Goldberg said. 
“ I’m presiding over two interna­ tional arbitrations.” 
Goldberg said the offer from the committee was a firm one — as he supposed it was earlier when Stokes sought form er W atergate special prosecutor Archibald Cox. 
The investigation is now being dir­ ected by acting chief counsel Alvin B. 
Lewis Jr., who originally resigned in the wake of Sprague’s forced resigna­ tion but then agreed to stay on until a permanent successor could be found. 
Amnesty for aliens is urged 

NEW YORK (AP) - Labor Secre­ tary Ray Marshall appealed Friday for support of a new national policy on aliens illegally living in the United 
States, calling for amnesty for some aliens as “ the most compassionate thing” the country could do. 
He addressed his plea to a luncheon meeting of the American Immigration and Citizenship Conference in his first appearance here in his official capaci­ ty- 
While disclosing no d etails of a policy presently being shaped by the 
White House, M arshall’s comments fueled speculation that it would involve forgiveness of some aliens who entered the country illegally but went on to compile records of long service in the 
United States. 
“Amnesty is the most compassionate thing that this country can do,” he said. “It is also the only practical ap­ proach to a problem that for too long has been ignored. 
“The days of the mass roundup of suspect aliens is over. That’s why am ­ nesty must be an ingredient in any humane policy for dealing with the- problem of undocumented workers.” 

Marshall drew a distinction between illegal aliens who have filled unwanted jobs spurned by U.S. citizens and others who have competed for wanted jobs, aggravating unem ploym ent problems in this country. 
However, he expressed sympathy for all aliens driven by economic condi­ tions abroad into entering the U.S. il­ legally and living outside the protec­ tions of the law and subject to constant fear, exploitation and blackmail. 
“No democracy can flourish with an u nder-class outside the protections of its basic law s,” the cabinet officer said. 
“ The children of these undocumented workers will be the focus of the civil rights movement of the 198os.” 
Marshall rejected suggestions that the U.S limit immigration to help curb the problem of illegal aliens,. 
2 students win awards 

SPECIAL TO THE EXPRESS-NEWS 
CLEVELAND, Ohio — San Antonio 
Churchill High School student David 
Morrison earned a second place $75 cash award at the 28th International 
Science and Engineering F air Friday night. 
Tracey White of East Central High 
School won a fourth place $2. Both 

 awards were announced at the 5 cas award, fair’s concluding banquet. 
David and Tracey also were pre­ sented honorable mentions in a special awards ceremony Thursday night. 
The San Antonio students and Alamo 
Regional Science F air D ir. Dale 
Clyde’s trips to the fair were sponsored by the San Antonio Express-News. 

“ They have a serious investigation and I took the proposal seriously,” 
Goldberg said. “ But it would be inac­ curate to say I expressed great inter­ est.” 
Stokes had no comment. Gold berg’s decision, however, apparently leaves the committee without any active can­ didates for the job. 
The panel decided last month to look beyond the staff for a prestigious outsider to enhance the inquiry. 

 presidential, congressional and sena­ torial races, 
Other state and local elections would remain under state voter registration laws. 
Technical problems 

This would cause a number of tech­ nical problems, Mrs. Peters pointed out. 
County tax collector-assessors would have larger voter registration rolls to handle and it is unclear whether they would receive extra funds for this. 
Tax collector-assessors now collect 
45 cents from the state for each name on voters rolls, she said. 
Also, there is fear of many illegal aliens trying to vote in federal elec­ tions. 
“ But I don’t have that fear. I see many honest people, non-citizens, who will think they are qualified to vote,” 
Mrs. Peters said. 
More answers 
“ We don’t know what all the prob­ lems will be with this,” she added, 
“ and until we have som e more answ ers, I don’t know what stand should be taken.” 
She said Texas has a good voter re­ gistration law and in the last five years she has not heard any com plaints about voter registration being difficult for anyone. 
Texas would not have to go along with the law if it chose not to, hut if not. the state would lose bonus federal funds under Carter’s proposal, she ex­ plained. 
She said there are enough votes in the U.S. House of Representatives to pass the law, hut it is not known if the 
U.S. Senate will pass it. 
Endangered species regulation revised 

By ALAN BAILEY 

The federal government has adopted new regulations which will allow zoos, exotic game ranches and circuses to exchange or sell certain endangered species. 
That word came Friday from John 
Spinks, chief of the Office of Endan­ gered Species of the Department of 
Interior in Washington. 
Spinks, who took office in February! spoke Friday to the Sixth International 
Hunters’ and Fishermen’s Conserva­ tion Conference at the Convention 
Center. 
Spinks said his office has adopted new federal regulations for animals in the category of “captive self-sustain­ ing populations.’’ 
Overlooked 
“ The d rafters of the legislation overlooked this type of endangered species,” said Spinks. 
Previously, zoos, exotic gam e ranches and circuses which breed en­ dangered species were prevented from selling or exchanging those animals, he said. 
The new system, he said, will not have any red tape since the person or organization will be issued a one-time permit, renewable every two years. 
The perm it holder can sell or ex­ change the animal with any othex per­ mit holder for captive self-sustaining populations, he said. 
“The previous regulations made no distinction between a 1oth generation tiger born in the San Antonio Zoo or a tiger in the wild,” he said. 
Spinks also said his office was un­ dergoing a review of animals on the endangered or threatened list to make 

 sure they biologically qualify. 
Spinks said his agency has found many animals were placed on the iist in 1969 without any scientific reasons. 
For the big game hunters, Spinks noted several foreign countries are intrepreting an intexnational treaty on endangered game differently than the 
United States. 
These countries are allowing hunters to import trophy animals killed legally in another country since the trophy anim al is considered personal property, Spinks said. 
Spinks added the United States may reconsider its stand of refusing to al­ low trophy animals to be imported into this country in order to conform to the treaty. 
Spinks urged the big game hunters to contact his office about any recommendations they may have be­ cause his office was interested in their suggestions. 
Saskatchewan fires raging 

PRINCE ALBERT, Canada (AP) - 
Seven hundred men were fighting for­ est fires 
Friday in northern 
Saskatchewan. 
The fire situation in the province became critical Thursday when high winds, dry conditions and lightning ignited a series of new blazes. Twenty fires were burning Friday, IO out of control. 
Chief Allan Bird.said one fire was about 2o miles from Montreal Lake, 5o miles north of here, but the wind was blowing it away from the community arid there was no immediate consider­ ation of evacuation. 

Petey the penguin, standing at right, draws stares from other Humboldt penguins at Sea World in San Diego. Sport fishermen hooked Petey off San Clemente 
Island, but nodbody knows how he got there. Experts say he must have set a distance record if he swam from Chile to California. They say ifs more likely he pas someone’s pet and may have fallen from a boat. — AP Wirephoto 

 vSWEET^/jUlcy 

RED RIPE READY'te'EAT 

NEW CZOP FREDERICKSBURG 

RIPE 
AVOCADOS 

DELUXE QUALITY F-IEAVY BEEF 

SIBS. 

 til 
MOPE 

DELUCE QUALITY R E A V Y BEEF 
-A 

•PT'*-" 

RATHLS 
QUALITY-REGULAR 

------Vw>x-------- ----------- X.-............. 

FMSIAK g»w*- -> 
ZS&eL 

L^M IT- I 
- PU EA ^ EE 

 vStiSP D 

Dolores Ibarruri, center, waves good-bye in Moscow just before entering Soviet 
Aeroflot plane that flew her to Spain Fri­ day. Daughter Amaia, left and a stewar­ dess look on. The 82-year-old Spanish 
Communist leader known as “ La P a s t ­ oria," had lived in Russian exile more than 
4o years following a defeat by Franco forces in Spanish Civil W ar. — AP W ire ­ photo. 
China sees 
U.S., Russia in major war 

COMPILED FROM WIRE SERVICES 
HONG KONG — Chin­ ese Defense Minister Yeti 
Chien-ying believes that a clash of interests between the 
United 
States and Russia will lead to a big war — and he has called on the 
Chinese people to pre­ pare for it. 
The New China News 
Agency Friday quoted 
Yeh as saying: “ So long as imperialism and so­ cial imperialism remain in the world and classes struggle in our country, we must ceaselessly strengthen national de­ fense capabilities to safeguard our socialist state of the dictatorship of the proletariat. 
“ At present, the Soviet 
Union and the United 
States are locked in an increasingly fierce struggle for hegemony. A war will break out some day. We must clearly be aware of this situation, keep war in mind and get prepared for it — for a big war that will break out at an early date.” 
Yeh, who is China’s second highest leader, spoke emphatically of accelerating develop­ ment of China’s basic in­ dustries as well as agri­ culture. He emphasized the necessity of building up military defenses. 
Bhutto calls for elections 

ISLAMABAD, Pakis­ tan — Prime Minister Ali 
Bhutto, fighting a mili­ tant political opposition bent on bringing him down, has announced a nationwide referendum on whether he should continue in office with expanded powers or be tossed out. 
The opposition Pakis­ tan National Alliance denounced the proposal as a bid by the embattled 
Bhutto to win the peo­ ple’s endorsement of his 
“ dictatorship” and called for a boycott of the vote. 
In more anti-govern- ment violence throughout 
Pakistan Friday, at least* two persons were killed and 25 injured. 
Earthquakes shake Asia 

HONG KONG — At least eight separate earthquakes have shaken a Asia in less than two days. 
China suffered three mild to moderate quakes, one of which registered 
<1.6 on the Richter scale. 
Four shocks of varying degrees were reported in the Philippines and an­ other in Bangladesh. 
Sadat warms up to Russia 

CAIRO — President 
Anwar Sadat has toned down his longstanding controversy with the So­ viet Union and hinted that a positive event in relations between the two countries is imminent. 
Asked at a news con­ ference whether the strain between Moscow and Cairo posed a threat to negotiations for a 
Middle East settlement, 
Sadat saicLt 

WOULD 
DIGEST 

“ Although there have been some coolness and critical periods in our relations with the Soviet 
Union, we have never disagreed on how to solve the Middle East crisis.” 
He said a new develop­ ment in this connection would be announced in 
Parliament Saturday. 
Storm s ravage 
East Africa 

NAIROBI - The hea­ viest rains in nearly 2o years battered East Afri­ ca this week, leaving do­ zens dead, thousands ho­ meless and property da­ mage in the millions of dollars. 
In Nairobi alone, 2o persons have drowned since Sunday. Damage to 
Kenya’s coffee and tea harvests is expected to be substantial. 
Human rights is no issue 

TEHRAN — Secretary of State Cyrus Vance says the United States does not intend to link its massive arms sales to 
Iran with the issue of human rights. 
“ No such linkage has been discussed,” Vance said after a lengthy meeting with the Shah of 
Iran. Vance is the first high-level U.S. official to meet the Shah since the 
Carter Administration took office. 
Vance said the U.S. has different views on some matters — but not on strategic issues. 
He would not elaborate. 
N. Ireland strike ending 

BELFAST - The Rev. 
Ian Paisley’s Protestant extremists will call off their violence-ridden 
11-day-old general strike after failing to paralyze 
Northern Ireland, auth­ oritative sources report. 
The preacher’s United 
Unionist Action Council declined to confirm the report, saying: “ You’re a little bit premature.” 

Visit OKd 

CAPE TOWN - Andrew 
Young. America’s black ambassador to the United 
Nations, will visit South 
Africa “ unofficially” 
May 21 following reas­ surance about the aim of the visit, South Africa’s foreign minister an­ nounced. 

Indira back 

NEW DELHI - Indira 
Gandhi, who has held no public or political office since her defeat as prime minister last March, has been named to the 
21-member central com­ mittee of the Congress party. 

Crash kills 7 
BEIRUT - A Polish cargo plane has crashed outside the city, killing all seven members of the crew. The Soviet- built Ilyushin went down in a mountainous area. 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEW S — Saturday May 14 1977 
Saudi Arabia oil fire still burns 

W ASHINGTON POST SERVICE 
DHAM RAN, 
Saudi 
Arabia — Fire fighters and construction crews worked side by side Fri­ day to extinguish the flames that have cut off most of Saudi Arabia’s crude oil production and to install new pumps and pipelines that will get the oil flowing again. 
The Arabian-American 
Oil Company’s average production of 1o.3 million barrels a day was cut by more than half for the third consecutive day by a fire that roared through a major oil processing center at Abqaiq, about 
4o miles south of here. 
But John Kalberer, 
Aramco’s senior vice president for operations, said output should be up to about 9o per cent of normal within three days. Aramco expects no major disruption of the 

 flow of exports, he said, because storage tanks at the tanker port of Has* 
Tanura were full at the time of the fire. 
The blaze began when an underground pipeline ruptured without warn­ ing Wednesday after­ noon. It sprayed blazing oil on pumps, pipes and separators nearby, with oil from those feeding the flames. 
The fire de­ stroyed an entire pump­ ing station, melted hun­ dreds of yards of pipe­ lines and put out of com­ mission two spherical tanks used to separate the oil from its associat­ ed gases. 
Flames were still leap­ ing from one of those tanks Friday. 
Kalberer said that if all six tanks in the plant had been put out it might have been months before the full flow of oil was 

 restored 
Within a few yards of the burning tanks, con­ struction workers with cranes were clearing away the blackened wreckage of the pumping station and pipelines and beginning to install by­ pass pipes that are ex­ pected to be ready in less than a week. 
Kalberer said Aramco has excess pumping ca­ 

 pacity in other stations nearby and that the re­ maining gas separator spheres were operating below capacity, so that production could go back to normal as soon as the new pipes are installed. 
As he spoke he con­ ducted an aerial tour of the site for four Ameri­ can reporters. The tour was arranged by Aramco executives, who were 

 alarmed by what they said were false and ex­ aggerated reports of the fire that were being pub­ lished in several major capitals, especially in 
Japan, which is heavily dependent on Saudi oil. 
From the air, the smoldering wreckage spread over nearly a square mile looks like a major disaster. 
But 
Kalberer said it is “ not 

 as bad as it looks.” He said fire-containment equipment built into the processing plant, includ­ ing an automatic shut-off valve that stopped the flow of oil from the wells, had prevented the fire from spreading. 

A tank farm only a few yards from the fire zone, where more than 2oo,ooo barrels of oil were 

 stored, was hardly touched, and a major li­ quefied petroleum gas plant nearby was not da­ maged. Even so, the blaze appears to have been the worst in Aramco history. Klaberer said 
Aramco officials were convinced that there is no possibility of sabotage, but they have not yet de­ termined the cause of the fire. 

Killer, 17, sentenced to death 

KILLEEN 
(AP) 
- 
Bernard 
Ferguson, 
17, became the youngest in­ mate on Texas’ Death 
Row Friday when a dis­ trict court jury here as­ sessed him the death penalty following his conviction on a capital murder charge. 
The slim, ltlth-grade 

 dropout of Killeen High 
School, showed no emo­ tion as the death sentence was read. 
The jury deliberated for one hour and 46 minutes before finding him a “ threat to society." 
The jury had deliber­ ated 46 minutes Thurs­ day before agreeing on a 

 guilty verdict in the capital murder charge. 
Ferguson was charged in the Jan. 25 stabbing death of Randy Tingle, 
23, of Copperas Grove, during the robbery of a 
Killeen convenience store. 
Key testimony in the trial came from Fergu­ 

 son’s two codefendants, 
Jody Persons, 19, a F’t. 
Hood solider; and Robert 
McGuinn, 18. 
The two had been charged with capital murder along with Fer­ guson, but the state agreed not to seek the death penalty for them in exchange for their 

“ truthful testimony” in 
Ferguson’s trial. 

Persons said he ac­ companied Ferguson to the store and witnessed the slaying. McGuinn told the court he accom­ panied Ferguson and 
Persons to the store, but did not enter it. 

INSIDE THIS SECTION: 
Want Ads 

• EM PLO YM EN T • A N N O U N CEM EN TS 
• BUSINESS DIRECTORY 
• FINANCIAL 
• BUSINESS O PPORTUNITY 
• EDUCATION 
• M ERCHANDISE 
• LIVESTOCK 
• PUBLIC & LEGAL NOTICE 
• AU TO M O TIVE 
• RECREATIONAL 

SEE THE “ G O LD EN TW INS” FOR ALL REAL 
ESTATE, RENTAL A N D MOBILE H O M E ADS 

A U tO W O Iiy t PlSPt-AT 
'_________ ~ 
______________________ AUTOMOTIVE p tS P tA T _________________________ 
' 
~ 
............... 
JM IIO M O M W P B B H A Y 
........~ 
" ........... 
''' 
AUTOMOTIVE PISA I A 
T 
........................... 
A U T flW O jlV , B IS H A Y 

LeBaron: Style | cars setter for 

C arter aids sale of m otor hom es 

Auto Talk lls J im A b b ot I lu l u K e illo r 

Congress controls fu tu re o f diesels 

Diesel engines are about the hottest item in the auto industry these days. 

SPSC IAI TO IHI IXW fSS N tw s 
DETROIT — The recently intro­ duced mid size Chrysler LeBaron carries a name that has been respected by admirers of fine au­ tomobiles for more than half a century. 
LeBaron was the name selected by two brilliant designers. Thomas L Hibbard and Raymond ll. Dietrich, in 192(1 when they originated the idea of a consulting firm specializing in the design and en­ gineering of automobile bodies. 
Their idea was sound 
Special LeBaron bodies soon became very popular with royalty, financiers, stage and movie stars and individualists interested in personally-styled custom cars. 

The firm was originally named LeBaron 
( arrossiers, but the word Oarrossiers 
(French meaning carriage builders) was dropped in 1924. when LeBaron merged with VV C. Durant s Locomobile Co. to form LeBaron. Inc. 
Prior to the merger, the LeBaron crea­ tive group had redesigned the entire Lo­ comobile line, some of the finest auto­ mobiles of thai period. 
All the Locomobile bodies were eus- tonv-built by LeBaron. which acquired its first manufacturing facilities with the 
Locomobile merger. Prices ranged up­ wards from $1o,ooo. 
Acquired rights 
In I92H. LeBaron, Inc., was liought bv 
Briggs Manufacturing Co., then perhaps the world s largest body builder and a prime source of bodies for Chrysler Corp . 

Chrysler acquired the rights to the Le­ 
Baron name, which hail been registered as a trademark by Briggs, when < brasier bought the Briggs' firm s body-building operation in lo *:*. However, the Chrysler association with the LeBaron name far preceded thai. 
LeBaron designed many fine body slvIon lur Chrysler throughout Un1 lOOO’s, including a beautifully-appointed town ear built for Mrs. Walter P. Chr.vsler. 
Hugo Plan, a LeBaron stylist who joined the firm in 192.1, recalled in an article iii 
"The Classic Car” magazine (dune, 
1971). that over a ten-year period, LeBar­ on created 1,8o(1 different lindy styles, all average of more than one every tuodavs. 
Usually, lie wrote, there was only one other designer beside him self working at 

Sn* LEBARON, Page 

President Carter s recent speech on energy was just what the motor home industry needed to get sales moving. 

Fred Riley, general manager of Burke 
Motor Home Center, KHOO Broadway, said when Carter did not mention gas ration­ ing many people who had been hesitant about buying a motor home decided to buy. 
“ The President talked about price in­ creases. but that didn t bother prospec­ tive buyers, because with the money they can save bv traveling in a motor home, the price of fuel won t affect them,” Riley said. 
The family traveling in a motor home is a lot better off than a family traveling in an economy ear that gets good mileage. 
The fuel economy is offset by the cost of staying at a motel and eating out three meals a day. 
Typical buyer 

Today the typical motor home buyer is 
4H years old. But, Riley said. in San An­ tonio the typical buyer is younger than that. They are people, he said, who al­ ready are thinking about retiring. 
“ They want to gel a motor home, get it bought and paid for. so when they do re­ tire they already have it and it’s paid for,” Riley explained. “ Just last week we sold a motor home to a man with the railroad who is going to retire in just four more years, and we see this everyday.” 
And then there are the weekend campers, people who like to go camping. 
They are much younger than the other groups and they buy the mini-motor homes. 
The mini-motor homes will do everyth­ ing tin* full size homes will, except they are smaller, and, of course, cost less. 
Riley says it is possible to buy a very good mini-motor home for $12,o9o to $15,ooo. 
Warranty work 

Burke Motor Home Center h as set up a motor home service center that offers warranty work tor (LMC, Winnebago and 
Midas. The firm will service any motor home for any problem. 
Motor home mechanics are different from automobile mechanics. In addition 

GM offering 

General Motors has officially a ii - 
Mounted it will offer a diesel V-8 in the 
1978 model year for Oldsmobile 88s and 
Ninety-Eights, and on (LMC and Chevrolet pickups. 
V olkswagen has already started selling the diesel Rabbit and the mileage figures indicate why there is so much enthusiasm for the engine. The EPA rates the Rabbit at 52 miles on the highway and 29 in the city. GM says it expects to got a 25 per cent gain in mileage with the diesel. 
Some automobile executives are not so excited about diesels. 
Lee laeoeea of Ford Motor Co. questions whether motorists will be willing to pay the extra cost of the diesel over a gasoline engine lo save about six cents a gallon on fuel. 
How much more will a diesel engine 
(ost 
ELEGANCE and excellen ce are synonym ous a tio n , m id-size LeB aron, to p photo , w hich 
Iacocca estimates the difference at $8oo w ith the LeBaron nam e w h eth er it be the m ade its debut recently 

1928 m odel, low er photo, or the new gener­ 

 i c . ANDREWS 
. . . president of center 

FRED RILEY 
. . . center general m anager 

But their future is still cloudy — the final decision rests with the Congress. 
The diesel engine lins been popular with truck drivers for many years. The engine is very durable and offers superior econ­ omy. 
It also does a better non-polluting job on emitting carbon monoxide and hydrocar­ bons than gasoline engines. 
But there is a serious problem with 
Oxides of nitrogen. 
If Congress insists on an emission level of less than a gram a mile for the diesel, the best authorities around say the standard just cannot br met at least not until well beyond 1978. 

EQ UIPPED WITH: 4 spd. manual transmission-style steel wheels ★ 

Steel belted radial tires ★ Power front disc brakes ★ Full instru­ 

 mentation ★ Reclining bucket seats ★ Bodyside moldings ★ Re­ 

 mote control left hand mirror ★ Tinted glass ★ Electric rear window 

 defogger. 
1977 MERCURY 
MARQUIS 

4 DOOR 
AIR CONDITIONED 

★ Automatic transmission ★ Power steering and brakes ★ 
Tinted glass ★ Vinyl roof ★ Whitewall steel belted radial tires ★ 4oo V-8 ★ Remote control left hand mirror ★ 
Stock No. 11557. 

RALLYE CAT 
GHIA MODEL 
*469* 

*565o 

M ORTH BRRR. 

977 MERCURY COUGAR 
AIR CONDITIONED 

★ 2 door ★ V-8 ★ Automatic transmission 

★ Power steering and brakes ★ Tinted glass 
*499o 

92o7 
SAN PEDRO 
341-8841 

5o1 Broadway 

SPIRES Douglas 5% SALE 

( U M E R 

* ti IfMW r, A K K W K 4 7 * 
U 
W A tiJ TU i i U J t S l» V V I K K I 
IIM S J V S l K 

Invoice amount as described on factory invoice 

1977 MONARCH 
2 DOOR 
AIR CONDITIONED 

★ Automatic transmission ★ Whitewall radial 

 ed glass ★ Power steering and brakes ★ Remote control 

 left hand mirror ★ Vinyl roof ★ Matching bodyside mold­ 

 ing. Stock No. 81567 

* tires tint 

*4888 
■ i t I I I 'i 

THE SE XV EUROPE4 N 

P a g e 
2-F 
S a n A n to n io E X P R E S S - N E W S — 
S a tu rd a y M a y 1 4 1 9 7 7 

 r 
AUTOMOTIVE 
J f » J 

7o? 728_fW9|OTBTSMRS f oBEIE>(SPoRTSC*RS 
7D?7?6ToREI6>ISPoIITSC*RS 

ROD EAST VOLKSWAGEN ® 
NO BETTER CARANO BETTER PLACE TO BUY... 
14o2 NE LOOP 41o (BOT AT NACOGDOCHES ID 
8 2 8 - 1 2 o 1 

DRIVE ONE OF TNE 
GAS SAVERS 
ALL ’77 V W ’S RUN O N 
REGULAR GAS. 

EXAMPLE: 
1 9 7 7 SCIROCCO 
• M ANUAL TRANSM ISSIO N 
EPA RATINGS: 
29 MPG CITY 
43 MPG HWY. 
COMBINATION: 34 MPG. 

Actual Mileage may vary depending upon your type of driving and the optional equipment. 

U S E D C A R S 

* 695 

'1o95 

1975 Y A M A H A motorcycle 
"Dirt Bike"...................... 

 i n e r t i i i a i Siu<»r*l> ™ k, 
* *» "- 
1969 VW dard transmission . .. 

1 o 7 o A H C I Wo9*"< standard 
1 7 / o U T H trammisiion, AM-IM $, o Q C radio.................................. I J95 
1973 d o d g e s ;:™ '' \ l r matte, air condition, radio, low mileage...................... 
L S i j t 
1975 DATSUN I».,« " X air condition, ttandard transmission..................... 

1976 DODGE air condition, automatic, power steering, low mileage...................... 

1975 OLDS U M * J r r trol, electric seats and windows........................... 

1976 TOYOTA 2 3 . K \ 5 

'3195 

'4395 

'4595 

 difioned, AM EM. 
'4795 

 wsssk 
R S TO C H O O S E FR O M 

1o2-726 • FOBflSI-SPflBTSCABS 7S2 72S • fMm-SPtHmHS 

VOLKSWAGENS 
NEW ’7 7 ’S 
ALL MODELS 
SAVE!! 
O N SALE N O W 
SEE US BEFORE 
YOU BUY! 

• I IB A 
ONE OF 
THE FASTEST 
SELLING IMPORTS. 
STATION W A G O N S & 
COUPES. 
1977 
SUBARU 

" T j t v B I v r 

W A S 
N O W 
76 LAND CRUISER 
*4995 ’4395 
76 COROLLA ^ , 4 ^ ........... 7595 *2195 
, 7 , . A n n 
4 d o o r 
G ra n a d a , 
4 cylinder, 
/ O tUKU au tom atic. air con d ition in g, 
. . 
. . . n . p o w e r ste e rin g , A M / F M ............................. 
3 8 9 5 
3 4 9 5 

 i i r n n i D V M o n a rc h 
C o u p # au to m atic, 
/ 5 m t K L . U K T a ir co n d itio n in g, p o w e r 
I le e rin g , p o w e r b ro k e *, v in y l ta p , o n ly 
, o z f t r . . . . . 
2 8 OOO m ile * ............................................... 
3 6 9 5 
2 9 9 5 

 f . r t i n e n i n n au to m a tic, a ir con ditioin g, 
I J r l K C D l K W p o w e r ste e rin g , t,®w , r iO Q O C b ra k e *, ste reo , t a p e .................................... 
J o 7 5 
3 4 9 5 
75 TOYOTA air cond ifi ooirtfl. 
*3195 *2895 
75 LTD ZTr.oT.ZTrint'.<e"“ 
8' s3695 *3o96 
75 COURIER ^ r . 4. r r ,'.r,,.,o'.o<M>'2995 *2695 
75 GRAND TORINO au to m atic, a ir con co t n e 
S O C O C d itio n in g, rad io, p o w e r s te e r in g ........... 
J I 7 J 
C 5 9 5 

 i e . 7UPV(|CD N e w p o rt, au to m a tic , oir 
» “ V l l K f ) U n co n d itio n in g, ra d io , p o w e r 
S O A O C 
.le e rin g , p o w e r b r a k e s . ................... t f i V j 
* 4 “ 5 

’7 3 f H F V R f l i FT 4 
-oor 
,mPa,°- v '®- k n i T n W 
M 
I au to m a tic, a ir con \ n j n r S O 7 o C d itio n in g, p o w e r t t e o r i n g ........... ............. 
L l 7 J 
* 3 9 3 
74 HONDA Civic, 4 sp e e d , r a d io . ■ . ........ *2195 *1895 t v . I . a n i l || 4 -d o o r se d a n , 4 sp e e d , a ir con* 
/*1 MAKIL ll ditio n in g, ra d io . p o w e r . . . . . . . . . . ste e rin g, C. 
........................................ 
£ 1 7 5 
2 4 9 5 
73 DODGE rad io , p o w e r ste e rin g. au to m a tic. $ 2 9 9 5 ^ 
5 

73 FORD d iH o n ln g S P f C IA L ,pe,d: °‘:.co"‘ 
*1895 
73 FORD d itio n in g, ra d io * r r r ". . * . “ "-’2i95 ’1595 
72 CHEVROLET S S i - C * " ”’'U-“ steering, radio............... 
»«f#| DI VMAIITU 8 P*Mn**r *Port wagon, 
Z Z r l T I Y l U U i n au to m atic. a ir 
<ot> S I C G C d itio n in g, rad io, p o w e r ste e rin g . . . . . . . 
I J 7 J 

' 7 o A i F IC 
^ ° 9 o n ' au to m atic, a ir conditioning, 
/ m 
ULU) power steering, power brokes, < * qq ra d io ........... 
* 
I 7 7 J 

1 j * s r y y [ 
4 speed, rad io, e x c e p tio n a lly 
/ I V • i t • sh arp car ............................... 

 l i e D I U SV !/ 
S k y la rk , au tom atic, rad io, a ir 
O Y d U I v IV conditioning, p o w e r ste e rin g . . . . 
6o COMET 2 door, motor overhauled 

V M W 

1695 ‘1195 

*1o95 

*1295 
*1495 ‘1395 

STANDARD 
SEDAN 
$ 3 2 2 o 
Plus To*, Title & license.I 

782776 tWBgtfffflTtMB 
7C 7S HBn-ggraERf 

N E W C A R 
S H O W R O O M 
O P E N 9 A .M .-9 P.M. 
SEE THE ALL NEW 
’7 7 V O LKSW A G EN S 
3 Y e a r / 5 o ,o o o Mile 
W arran ty Available 

738-743-MTUMIlfS" ' 73874M1JMMIB 

RELEASE OF ’77 DEMO MODELS 

E X A M P L E S 

USED CAR SPECIALS! 
’7 3 V . W . B U S ............................... ‘2 9 9 5 
7 5 V . W . R A B B IT .......................... ‘2 7 9 5 
'7 5 V W 
"la Grand" B u g ....................* 2 8 9 5 
'7 5 V W 
Camper, Pop Top ( 2 )....... *5 4 9 5 i 
'7 6 B M W 2oo2 ................... ‘6 9 9 5 
’7 4 H O R N E T Hatchback, auto., oir .. .* 1 9 9 5 i 

7 5 V W Rabbit................................. . 2 2 2 ? 
7 3 V W fastback, a i r 
.............‘2 3 9 5 
7 4 V W Dasher W agon..................... ‘2 5 9 5 
7 4 D A S H E R 2-dr............................ ‘2 4 9 5 
7 3 C H E V Y 
Nova, standard, a i r 
* 2 o 9 5 

’7 4 L U V Pickup............................ * 2 1 9 5 
NORTH LOOP VOLKSWAGEN 
<® 
SUBARU A BMW 
Sh 
4623 Fredericksburg Rd. 732-7121 

A c r o s s f r o m W o n d e r l a n d o f F r o d o r i c k s b u r g R d . 

L g r K t n i t i i i u i u i L i i t i n i t t i irs; 

FINAL 
CLOSE-OUT 
O N A N Y NEW 1976 
P E U G E O T 

Y ou’ll never buy one any cheaper than you will today! 
3 diesel engine cars and 4 g a s engine cars left in stock. 

USED V O LKSW AG EN S 

7 6 VW BUS X 
T 
" 
- 
>5895 
’72 VW BUS Air, radio........................’2595 

7 4 VW T H I N G ..........................................‘ 2 1 8 5 
’74 VW SUPER air, dean ...............'2595 

7 4 VW BUS /-passenger, standard, radio 
* 3 8 9 5 
75 C M C PICKUP Air, power................ '3995 
2-73 VW ’ S Automatic, air. . . . . ........................'2195 
’73 VW Standard, extra clean, low mileage.. ........'1975 

’ 7 4 T O Y O T A M A R K ll S d " " T " : . . . . ' 2 7 8 8 

7 2 VW Super Bug, air, clean 
....................' 1 5 9 5 
’71 VW BU G ..............................................................'1295 
O v e r I OO n e w & u se d cars in stock 

318 V-8, automatic transmission, power steering, power disc brakes, air conditioned, radio, tinted glass, cargo carpet, vinyl side moldings, deluxe wheel covers, F78x14 white- wa'l tires. Stock No. 4o4. 

77 DODGE 
■ASPEN 
HR 
STATION 
IP 
WA6oN 
W UST PRICE $5523 65 
I SA L I PRICE 
1*5o62 

AM-FM, automatic transmission, power steer­ ing, power disc brakes, air conditioned, aato- matic speed control, vinvl roof, diaital clock, budget seats, console. Many other options. 
Stock No. 34o1. 

7 7 C H A R G E R 

SPECIAL 
■ § o m EDITION 
JUST PRICE $6964.45 
: ':ri SALE PRICE 
*5964 

SERVICE OPEN 7 to 6 
PARTS OPEN SAT. ALL DAY 
Lone Star v o l k s w a g e n 
33o3 Broadway - 824 7311 

T O 

36o V-8 2bbl angina, automatic transmis­ sion, air conditened, pow er steering, power disc broket, autom ark speed con­ trol, pow er tailgate w indow s, A M - F M , lu ggage rack, m any other options. Stock 
No. 5271. 

177 MONACO 
CRESTWOOD 
WM 
3 SEAT 
Wk 
STATION 
■I 
WAGON 
■ UST PRICE $6924.4o 
■ S A U PRICE 
* 5 9 8 8 

S 
S 
® 
* 
* 

° p T * iT 

V 
P 
^ 
' S C O 1 
L ^ t 

MANY OTHERS IO CHOOSE HOM A U NAVE EXTENDED FACTORY 
WARRANTY pric* includes destination charge* and dealer prep., exclude* tax, title and Meeme. 

N O R T H S T A R D O D G E 

7242 SAN PEDRO 
O P E N UNTIL 9 
WEEKDAYS 
341-225.1 

SAVE! New ’77 TOYOTAS SAVE! 
BEAT 
THE 
PRICE 
INCREASE 
_ 
Nobody can equal small fawn prices! 
G O O D 
SELECTION 
N O W !! 
S O M E U N IT S IN ST O C K AT O LD PRICES 
T O Y O T A O F S E G U I N 

O p e n E v e s : til 9 p .m . 
Dial Toll Free! so 
■ 
9 X 4 . 4 1 8 3 
1 7 M i . f r o m S a n A n t o n i o . 

Factory In sta lle d 

O p tio n s: 

A M R a d io , $ 5 o . 

A M - F M R ad io , $ 7 7 . 
A ir C o nd ition er, 
$ 3 6 5 . 
Pin Strip ing, $ 2 8 . 

O IK O O M T S 
LIFT 
BACK 
SPECIALS 

U N L IM IT E D 
SELECTION 
All Models and Colorr 
HIGHEST TRADE 
ALLOWANCE 
— 2 4 h ou r d e liv e ry 

PRONOUNCED 
(“PoUJ-oH”) I 
‘O NE OF THE BEST M A D E CA RS 
IN THE W O R L D ” 

DIESEL ENGINE WILL 
GIVE YOU FROM 27 M PG IN 
THE CITY UP TO 35 M PG 
O N EXPRESSW AYS 

 l£ !2 3 

The in te llige n t a lte rn a tiv e . 
Toke advantage of these savings and select your new Lancia 
Beta Coupes and Scorpions at a special low price. A tremendous choice ... but for a limited time only. 

JAGUAR • M GB • MIDGET • FIAT • LANCIA 

IM P*/1T5 
182o BRO ADW AY __________________222-9121 

724 -VOLKSWAGEN 

•71 F a s t b o c k . N e w v a lv e job. 
J135o. Coll: 655-1131________________ 

IMPORT CAB SERVICE 
V W R e b u ild s $249.95 653-7866. 
N O R T H L O O P V O L K S W A G E N 
732-7121 
4623 F R E D E R I C K S B U R G R O A D 
K O O E A S T V O L K S W A G E N 
14o2 N E. L O O P 41o 
828-12o1 
72 Super. Blue, new v a lve s. 29,ooo m iles. $185o. 655-1131. 
_____ 

113o BROADW AY 

I S P E C I A L S 

^ v * , . A n A . Coil hardtop, original and dean, c e a j u t 
71 DODGE Radio, heated speed 
*1 195 

I BRO U G H TO N M O T O R S I 
1 213o AUSTIN HWY. 
655-o2411 

 i i H i M B ■ ■ ■ ■ ■ ■ H i H i ■ ■ HH H i ■ ■ 

7o? ANTIQUES COLLECTORS 

 i 
Antique, c la ssic C A R A U C T IO N 
I 
Su n d a y M a y , IS 
I 
T E X A S T R A N S P O R T A T IO N 
M U S E U M 
C a te s open IO a m A u ctio n noon 
• 
11731 W e tm o re R d 225-2681 

ATTENTION COLLECTORS 
’34 C he vrole t, a ll o rig in a l e q u ip ­ m ent C all 684-7198 from 6 to 9 pm . 

'61 C ad D e v ille 4 dr hardtop, ru n s bood, clean. $265. 736-o485 
'63 C a d illa c L im o u s in ^ F u n e r a l 
H o m e car $285o take trade, no re a so n a b le otter refused. 658-1235 e ves, no a nsw e r, try a gain ________ 
•29 C H E V Y . C o m p le t e , 4 -d r . 
S e d a n 
B a s k e t 
T y p e 
$7oo. 
673 1o28; 6/5-233o 

1933 C H E V Y , 4 d oor, c o m p le te , ru n s good, o rigin a l $25oo 342-51oo 

1948 C h e v y 2-door Fieetline A e ro 
S e d a n s o u n d ! 
L o a d e d . 
85°°reslored. 
D riv e anyw h e re . 
1-625 2915 

1957 C h e w . N e w 35o h i-p e r fo r- tnon ce engine. With chrom e. C oll 
R o b ert, 8 a.rn -6 p.m.: 227-89S3; atter 6. 337 3926 
C la s s ic ‘57 C h e w w a go n , go o d condition. 
$8oo firm . 
Seguin, 
1-379 526o 

•66 D o d ge C h a r g e r hard top outo. 
$595 or best offer 656 1ooo 
E ID o r o d o 69 C la s s ic 
M e c h a n ­ i c a ll y r e s t o r e d . A ll n e w 
A ll re c e ip ts a n d g a u r a n t e e s a v a ila ­ ble A ll pow er, in te rio r p erfe ct. 
B e a u t if u l! 
B e s t c a s h o f f e r . 
828-6/71 o fte r S p .rn , A n y t im e w e eken d s for appt. 

1977 HONDA CIVIC 

Hatchback 

IONS ON ANY 
GRADE OF 
GASOLINE 

STANDARD EQUIPMENT: 

• Reclining Front Bucket 
• Power Assisted, Front 
Seats 
Oise Brakes 

• Full Carpeting 
• AM Radio 
•• Opening Rear Quarter 
Windows 
• 4 Speed 

• Tinted Gloss — All Win­ 
Transmission 

 dows 
• Seats 4 Adults 

55 F O R D F1oo P IC K U P 
$5oo 
655-5743 

S e e W hat The World Is Coming To At: 
TOM BENSON IMPORTSI 
95oo San Pedro 
341-1356 

* 
7 
o 
o 

COMBINATION FACTORY-DEALER 
REBATE 

ON EVERY NEW 1976 
OPEL 

LIMITED OFFER 
OPEN ’TIL 8 P.M. 

1932 1948 F O R D O W N E R S ' 
Sa n Antonio A re a 'E a r ly VS F o rd 
C lu b n o w a c c e p t in g n e w m e m b e rs C om e visit u s a n d m eet p eo p le w ho s h a r e y o u r H o b b y ! 
F o r info: 736-539o, 656-321o 
1949 F o rd P ic k u p -JOI B u ic k VB eng., auto. Iron s. M a g s, b ig tires 
T in t e d w in d o w s . M u c h m o r e ! 
$145o firm . B oerne: 1-755-4725. 
1951 F o rd p icku p 65, 289. V-8 e n ­ gine. A utom atic stick shift, b ucke t seats. $795 333 7982 

(21 
39 
F O R D S , 
I 583-2862 
$3ooo. 
C all 

■72 I M P A L A C o n v e rtib le , I of a kin d Loaded, new top, e v e ry th in g w o rk s A ir $1995 924-6416 
'5 9 I M P A L A , 2 d o o r, h a r d t o p c o n v , 
Nice. 
$65o. 
K e rrv ille 
2574353 

1929 M O D E L A F o rd Sedan $35oo firm Coll: 658 381o 
1924 M O O E L T , P a r t ia ll y r e s ­ tore d, h a v e m a n v e x tr a p a r t s. 
B o rg o in priced. 379 3o59, Se guin 

66 M U S T A N G 
F u lly restore d, fre sh paint, n e w engine $895. 337 58o2 
•52 P ly m o u th 4-door Se d a n 
A l, 
1977 sticker, license. N ew uphol- stery, point $12oo cash. 342-7877 

INTRODUCING 
LE CAR RENAULT R5 
Performance the car will not bore you. During 1976, it took first in its class in 12 out of 16 races, beating Hondas, Datsuns, Pin­ tos, Vegas, Toyotas and Fiats. Great performance, plus 
41 M PG highway, 25 M P G city, according to EPA tests *. 
Remember: These mileage figures are estimates. The ac­ tual mileage you get will vary depending on the type of driving you do, your driving habits, your car's condition and optional equipment. 
BROUGHTON M O T O R S 
213o AUSTIN HW Y. 
655-o241 

788 • CORVETTE 

195o R o lls R o v c e B e n tle y M a r k ; 
V I, excellent o rigin a l condition, no rust, new sta in le ss steel m u ffle r sy ste m and radiator, full flow oil I filte r r u n s e x c e lle n t 
H is t o r y , o w n e r 's a n d w o r k s h o p m a n u a l, I tools, 3 o w n e rs sin c e new . B e s t 1 ofter o ver $1o,ooo 342-693o 
66 T B ir d 
L o a d e d ! E x c e lle n t condition $215o 494 5891 
6-1 T H N U D E R B IR D $795 
Call 658 97oo 

•75 Corvette All P ow er, air, L-82 w ith 4-sod. L e a th e r interior, c a r ­ pet. N ew ra d io s, 28,ooo mi., A M - 
F M ste re o c a sse tte . L ik e new . 
$74oo 691 1534. 

58 C O R V E T T E , both tops, 283 V8, 
4-speed, $39oo A u stin ( I) 441-3o78 after 7 p m 

C O R V E T T E 
C O N V E R T IB L E 
656-8974 

7o9 DATSUN 

O A T S U N 
B R Y S O N A U T O C E N T E R 
143o P A T B O O K E R 
U N IV E R S A L C IT Y 658-6271 
•7! D A T S U N 51o, 4 d o o r se d an , a ir, n e w b r a k e s , n e w tire s. C B hookup. $8oo 656-6255. 

•71 D A T S U N $9oo, new tires, e x ­ cellent 342-2718 

 t i 

B 
U 
I C 
K 
C O 
. 
45oo SAN PEDRO 
734-4221 

TU — 
I 
71S - MERCEDES BENI 

‘73 H O N D A 4 c yl. im m a c u la t e , 
$795. trode, 342-2o93, 344 o845 

712-JAGUAR 

J a g u a r X K E C o n v e r t ib le ’72. 
G reen, V12, 4-speed. 3o,ooo m iles. 
M ic h e lin 
X A S fires. 
1 773-31o4, 
P M . 

J o g u a r '71 X K E . V12, 2 p lu s 2 
N ew M ic h e lin s, 3o,ooo m iles. $5ooo firm . 696-39o8 atter 3 p.m. 

714-MAZDA 

•73 M a z d a . R o t a r y e ng., 4-spd . 
Std ., 2 -d r. C o u p e . N e w p a in t , r a d ia l tire s. V e r y c le a n . M u s t sell! F irst $125o. 224-5474; e ves: 
655-85o4. 

•75 C orve tte 
L o a d e d 
M u st sell 
Its is w e e k ' 736 431 1; 69o-9981. 

765 AUSTIN 

‘74 A u s t in M a r in a 
G o o d con d . 
1o,ooo mi., A M - F M stereo, e a sy 
$17oo 227-3165 or 534-oo68 

Corvette 62 protect car. L e s s en­ gine, Irons, and tops $15oo O th er p a rts a vailable 
Corvette W orld-349 2791 

*69 D a t s u n S p o r t s 16oo cc, low m ileage, new top, e xcellent paint, 
SHOO 695-3355. 

73 M a z d a R X - 2 C o u p e , 4 sa d , radio, air, $1495, T O M B E N S O N 
IM P O R T S , 
95oo 
Sa n 
Pedro, 
341 1356 

'75 M E R C E D E S 45o SE. 
M e ta llic gold, b la ck leather, su n ­ roof, c ru ise , ste re o , 29,ooo m i. 
$14,8oo 828-1142; 341-4829 

■74 M e rc e d e s 4 5 o S E L , good cond, 
C B , lo a d e d , c ru is e c on tro l, s u n ­ roof. B u r g u n d y red, c re a m in te r­ ior. P r ic e d to sell. $12,ooo firm . 
828-7959, 653-o35o. 
‘74 M e rc e d e s 4So-SL. D a r k blue, lo a d e d , g o o d c o n d . $ 1 4 ,5 o o . 
847-9154 o r 847-27oo 

'64 M e rc e d e s 19o, v e ry good c o n ­ dition. 732-7469 

M IS S IO N C IT Y I M P O R T S 
M E R C E D E S B E N Z S a le s-S e rv ic c 
382o S A N P E D R O 
736-2243, 

A u th o rize d D e o le r for M e rc e d e s- 
B en z and S A A B 
382o S A N P E D R O 736-2243 

USED CAR SPECIALS 

’74 MERCEDEZ BENZ 
45o SE, Tobacco Brown, 
Completely loaded, 
Automatic, 
Air, 
Stereo, 
Electric Sun Roof, 
Cruise Control.. ‘13995 

7 5 D O D G E D A R T 
Custom, 18,ooo miles, power, air, 6 cylinder. .‘3 4 9 5 

7 5 T O Y O T A C O R O N A 
2 Door, automatic, air, stereo, 
18.ooo miles, mags................... ‘3 4 9 5 

7 5 PO R SC H E 
91 IS loran. 11,ooo miles, fully loaded . ‘ 1 4 ,5 o o 

7 2 C H EV Y 
El Comino, automatic, power, air 
7 6 9 5 

7 6 V W 
I Passenger wagon, 
6.ooo miles............. ‘5 3 9 5 

7 2 M E R C E D E Z B E N Z 
28o SE, automatic, power, air, electric window, 
34.ooo miles 
‘7 1 9 5 

75 FIAT 
124 
Spider, stereo, 
35.ooo miles 
‘4 3 9 5 

7 1 A L F A - R o M E o 
____ 
Spider, 5 speed 
3 3 9 5 

7 6 C A D ILLA C 
Coupe Deville, fully loaded, in* 
' ain 
I eluding leather interior 
‘8695 

76 OLDS 
(utloss Supreme Brougham, 2 door, automatic, power, oir, stereo tape, cruise control, 

 mile!o ...... 
*5495 

77 CHEVY 
Silverado Pick up, IWB, auto­ matic, power, oir, stereo 8 track, 
4,ooo miles, chrome bumper, white spoke mags............. ‘6 4 9 5 

I 7 4 A U D I 
IOO IS, 2 door, 4 speed, air, stereo, tope, 
24.ooo miles 
*3 7 9 5 

7 3 VW 
Kormon GHia, 31,ooo miles . 
‘2 6 9 5 

7 6 PO R SC H E 
914, 2.o liter, oir, ste­ reo, 1o,ooo odes... 
‘7 4 9 5 

75 FO RD 
Granada Ohio, 2 door auto­ matic, air, power, stereo— 
........ 
‘3 8 9 5 

7 5 PORSCHE 
914, 2.o 5 speed, APP Air, stereo, 
27.ooo miles............‘6 5 9 5 
NORTHWOOD 
PORSCHE-AUDI 

1 3 2 6 N . I. Lo o p 4 1 o 
8 2 4 - 3 2 1 4 

75 DATSUN 
PICKUP 

4 cyl., 4 spd., radio, clean. 
24,392 mi. 
S7 7 6 o A . 

A N C I M W I N T O N ' 

N. F IO R E S AT M A R T IN 2 2 5 -5 3 3 3 

’76 MERCEDES 
BENZ 45o SL 
2 Top*, Silver, Red leather, 
1o,719 
Miles, loaded, 
Showroom New Condition. 
ALAMO TOYOTA 
514 Loop 41o NE 
(Across from the Airport) 
828-o723 

T o k e o v e r paym en ts, no equ ity ’74 
V W 
Call: 
824 76o6 after 
7: 
494-5734 
75 GRAN TORINO SJScS?. 
>335o 

•74 T H IN G . 8,ooo mi. 3 tops. O rig, owner. L ik e new ! 822-975o 

VOLKSWAGEN 
P a rts-S e rv ic e -C a rs 
655-1131 

 f, _ . r i A n / * r Colt wagon, air. automatic, radio, S D Q C f t 
75 DODGE Heater. Extra d e a n ..................... 
4 7 J U 

’ 7 A A H r Hornet Sportabout wagon Power, oir, rack, $ a a a a I i 
Aq IT I V»o|| extras Clean Was $2595 
L J V U ' 
75 CHARGER 
Si., Cruise control, vinyl roof, power, air. Sh arp.................. *435o 

1972 V O L K S W A G E N S E D A N 
C lean. $1o95-225-7111 

V o l k s w a g e n b u s , 197o. 6 1 ,o o o m iles. 7 p a sse n g e r. (5) new fire s. 
C a r p e t . E n g i n e a n d f r o n t e n d o v e rh a u le d . P a p e rs to p r o v e it! 
$1995 226-3o73 

 i a v a r n n n Ranch Wagon, original and clean power, . . 1 A r < 
> I L r U K U nil, rock .......................................... 
» 4 t 5 

Classis 4-door, power, air, all ex­ tras. like new . 
'75 MALIBU 

 t ’ "IL. f* D A B l A f t JI “A * 2-door, power, air, vinyl 
/ O G 
R A N A D A roof. Immoculote ................ 

‘7o V W B U G , C le a n , r e c e n t ly overh au le d . $895. C all: 684-2o6o. 
‘7o V W B U G . E xce lle n t cond. N e w battery. 58oo. 673-8369. ofter S. 
V W B U G 1973,12 p a sse n g e r, auto, 
5 n e w r a d i a l s , e x c e l! c o n d . 
494-5789 or 494-2352 

73 PLYMOUTH 
' 75 CORDOBA original and clean 

*345oj 
*415o 

 custom wagon 
3 seats, j n g c r t i power, air, rack, clean 
L 5 5 U J 

Hordtop. Power, air, cruise con­ trol, FM, vinyl roof, whitewalls, 

> ' 7 5 f ^us*°m 
Hardtop. 
Power, oir. 

‘66 V W C am p e r. V e ry good cond., 
L ow mi. $125o. 698-2119; 693-1439. 
'7 2 
V W 
696-241o e ven in gs. 

C o n v e r t i b l e , 
$ 1 7 5 o until 
4:3o; 
69o-84o8 

*455oj 

 vinyl roof, real sharp 
*345o 
'T R D I l i r i / Kegal '8 ' hordtop. Power, air, vinyl 
/ - * t f U I V K roof. Sharp. Was S3495 .................. '325o? 

Y A L I A N T —* 4 (foof, power, air, vinyl roof. 

V W , t969 C onvertible, go o d c on d i­ tion St,OOO. firm . 824-3o44; 341-1o14 eves. 
7 4 V W D a sh e r, auto, a ir v in y l, like new, $2495. 333-8152 
I 73 CAPRICE 
71 GALAXIE 

‘74 V W D a sh e r $2695. Blu e 
B ro w n in te rio r 4-s/>d, a ir 39,ooo m i. 
1 -o w n e r v e r y c le a n 
658-o591;658-ol l 5 eves 
‘74 V W D a s h e r 4 d r, a u to , a ir , 
M ic h e lin tires, low m ile age , v e ry clean. $315o. 923-o734. 
‘71 V W 411. 4-dr. Sedan, auto., air, o rig in a l o w n e r 826-7458. 
V W D u n e B u g g y 
F i b e r g l a s s body, $8oo. C oll: 342-1558.______ 

Cleon. Was S339S...... 
* 3 1 5 o , 
Classic Convertible, original and t A A A A ! clean. Power, air. Was S3295 ....... 2 t Y O 
SOO 4-door, power, air, all extras, t , * A A clean. Was $1795 ................ 
1 4 9 o ^ 
I 'y y r n D n n D A hardtop. Power, air, EM, cruise 
I 'O V . U f \ l / U D A control, vinyl roof, like new. 
#ENP72o. Was $5895 
...................................* 5 5 5 o 
’ 7 C D I U T I / Century landau hardtop. V-6, power, rn i I J B U I V IV air, vinyl roof, all extras, like new. Was , 4 f l A A 
I 
$4395 ...................................................... . o 7 7 U 

S T I tv A B T 
6 hardtop. Power, air, automatic, new 
, p a l l D A K ! paint. A dean gas saver..................... 
IO « # W 1 

 t D f i ' k l M *mPerial 4'dooL extras, power, j 
O O V K U V Y N air, original and dean. Now............. 88o 

721 - SUBARU 

VW Engine ( M a u l VW 
M E T R IC M A S T E R , 824-7427 
V W 16oo e ngin e. R e c e n tly o v e r- houled, gouro n te ed . 674-5563. 

74 SUBARU $1695 
4-door Sedan, 4-speed with a ir conditioning 
J A M IS O N M t rs S e g u in 223-52o1 

722-TOYOTA 

A L A M O T O Y O T A 
A c r o s s F r o m A irp o rt 828-o723 
524 N E L O O P 41o 
‘75 C elica G T low m ile a g e a ir, 5 speed, am -fm , 494-6o13. 
•74 C o ro lla 16oo. Y e llo w , air, e x ­ cellent condition. $22oo. 333-3466. 

‘69 V W F a stb a c k. Fu ll auto, tra n s. 
L e s s t h a n 1,ooo m i. sin c e eng. overhaul. G ood b od y a n d interior. 
5ee after 6 p m o r all d a y Su n : 
1418 D e e r R u n : 494-2669.___________ 
74 VW . N ew rad ials, low m ile a ge 
E xce llen t condition 658-7285. 

VW OVERHAUL $4oo S5oo 
12 Mo.-12,OOO mi. W a rra n ty 
N o rth sid e B u g R e p a ir, 696-5869 

•75 V W R a b b it Deluxe, sta n d a rd , low m ileage. $285o. 653-1689. 
‘75 V W R A B B IT , excellent c o n d i­ tion, a ir , a m -fm ste re o . R a d io . I 
$295o. 674-8788 eves. 

$495 
•63 V W - R U N S G O O D !! 
648-oo62 A fter 6: 

G R A D U A T IO N S P E C I A L 
7 4 Toyota C elica 4 spd, air, radio, r a d ia ls , v in y l top, n e w p a in t, su p e r clean, book list $2825, will negotiate. C all 656-7314 after 6 p m w eekdays. 

V W S P E C I A L I S T S 
R E B U I L T S H O R T B L O C K S 
______________ 349-4469 
___________ 
‘73 V W SQ u a re b a ck se d an , 2 dr, light blue, air, auto, rad io, $2ooo. 
656-4973. 

IF Y O U C A N B U Y A B E T T E R 
B U IL T S M A L L C A R T H A N A T : 
D R E Y E R T O Y O T A 
B U Y IT 
M u s t Sell 7 7 T o yo ta C e n c a G D , lo a d e d . $ 7 o o d o w n , t a k e u p p aym ents. 824-8768. 

71 V W S Q U A R E B A C K 
A fir 5: 
734-6114 
’69 V W . Std., v e r y cle an . R u n s excellent, O w n e r $995 695-84o7. 

*72 V W Su nro o f, o v e rh a u le d , im ­ m aculate. $1395. 333-8152 

‘75 T o yota C elica ST , low m ileage, vin yl too, am -fm , iots m ore, below book at 5355o. C all 824-6532. 
*72 To yo ta . C le a n , r u n s good, I o w n er $995. 655-6926 after 6. 
7 2 T O Y O T A C O R O L L A , A u to , 
Clean, I O w ner, $79$. 656-7863. 

•72 T O Y O T A C O R O L L A . $1275. 
736 6114 after 5:3o. 

'69 Toyota C orona, heater, radio. 
R u n s gre at! $6oo 736-845o 
•76 T O Y O T A C o r o lla S R -5 , a ir, 
3 o + M P G . $35oo. N ew B ra u nfe ls, t-629-26o2 after 6 p.m. 

T O Y O T A O F S A N A N T O N IO 
17o3 S E . M I L I T A R Y D R IV E 
924-9451 
'72 To yo ta Station, W a go n , auto, rad io, air, $1795 T O M B E N S O N 
IM P O R T S , 
95oo 
Sa n 
P ed ro, 
34 l l 356 

■71 v w S u p e r B ee tle blu e, s u n ­ roof, new radio, $1275. 822-5796. 
•75 v w V a n . A M - F M , c u r t a in s , sidestep. I ow ner. $43oo. 826-5346. 

7 $ V W W a go n . 4-dr., alt e x tra s. 
E x c e lle n t c o n d . O w n e r . $3995. 
434-5725 ofter 5 p.m. w k d o y s. 
*49 V W W a g o n 111. C le a n , m e ­ c h a n ica lly sound. 
" C u t e ! " 
658-8862. 

725 VOLVO 

P A R K T E N V O L V O 
IH S C O U T D E A L E R 
132 B A L C O N E S N O R T H 732-2143 
•75 V o lvo 242D L, air, auto, am -fm stereo, 4 w hl d isc b ra k e s, I ow n er, 
$4/95. 656-1313 or 655-9163 

723 -TRIUMPH 

717-OPEL 

7o D A T S U N W a go n , 69 S IM C A 
W agon, need w o rk, che ap ! 
333-8152 

7o7 - CAPRI 

7 5 C o rv e tte , re d T -T o p , B la c k le a th e r in te rio r. A ll o p tio n s low mileage. K a r n e s C ity 1-78o-2515. 

1976 C a p ri, 2-door, b a n k r e p o s ­ s e s s io n , t a k in g b id s , c a ll M r . 
Lech le r, 344 o141. 

•76 C a p ri ll S. 3-door, w hite-gold ext., blk-gotd int. V6, H D. trons, c lu tc h . A ir , P a n a s o n ic A M - F M c a sse tte P o w e r ste e rin g , u n d e r 
1o,ooo mi. $48oo. R ic k o r T e rry : 
828-o338 
•73 C apri, loaded F o r q uick sale! 
$175o 922-6o88 923-3341 

7 2 C A P R I. N e w paint, n ew steel belted rad ials. M U S T S E L L ! B est 
Offer. 494-158! 
_____ ________ _ 

C O R V E T T E S - A lw a y s a few good ones to choose fro m at the rig h t p rices at: 
C L A S S IC C O A C H W O R K } 
1 14o7 San Pedro-344-2o15 

74 Corvette. 4 spd, loaded, $6195. 
T O M B E N S O N I M P O R T S , 95oo 
San Pedro, 341-1356 
Corvette, 1974. t-T o p , fully equip. 
26,ooo mi., Silver. Sa ra to g a tops. 
T rad e o r $6875 494-62o4 

•71 Corvette, 454, with air, pow er, custom interior, T -A 6o s, I ow ner. 
Coll 6S7-C447, 

*49 D a t s u n $1o W a g o n , a ir , 4 
Speed. $7oo. 684-22o9._____________ _ 
•74 D a t s u n 2 6 o -Z . 
A i r , 
P M , 
4 speed M ic h e lin s $47oo S h o r n ’ 
673-2828. 
________ 
_____ 

7 4 26oZ, air, 4 speed, low m ileage, 
$46oo. 696-8324 e ven in gs. . . . 

‘72 24oZ auto, air, $25oo. 532-9316 atter 6 and w e e k e n d s 
_________ 

71o-FIAT 

7 6 F ia t S e d a n , lo a d e d , st ill in w arran ty. $39oo. 658-1453 atter 4 pm. 
1974 F I A T 128 S L CPUPe, D a y s , 
714 9392, ext 246, eves, 733-74o2 

‘49 Fia t Sp id e r C on ve rtible. R u n s good $695 653 5849 

•74 C A P R I , $2,7oo o r b e st o ffer. 
333-26o7 after 5._____________________ 

1973 C A P R I 
T a k e o v e r p a y m e n ts, no e q u ity, call C red it M a n a g e r, 349-6948 

C O R V E T T E , 7 4 Ye llow , E x c e ll 
Cond., go in g o v e rse a s 
$61oo 
342-1786 

'69 Vette. 427 H i pert., 4 speed, m a gs, tires, heade rs, t-top, m u ch m ore Of! 6pm 534 589) 

•72 F ia t 124 W agon, auto, am -fm . 
5995 69! 4372, I 535-4473 

72 M a z d a RX-2, 4 dr, 4 spd, radio, 
$1495, T O M B E N S O N IM P O R T S , 
95oo San Pedro, 341-1356 

‘74 M a z d a R X 3 , good cond; new b r a k e s , t ir e s, a m -fm 8 t r a c k ; good g a s m ile a ge ; 
69o 9784, 
736-1961. 

7 3 R X 2, 4 speed, air, 39,ooo m iles, e x c e lle n t c o n d . 
B e s t o f f e r . 
684-815o e v e n in g s__________________ 
74 R X - 3 S ta tio n W a g o n , 4 sp d , radio, air, $2495 
T O M B E N S O N 
IM P O R T S , 
95oo 
Sa n 
P ed ro , 
341-1354 

715 * MERCEDES BENZ 

C l a s s i c 1962 22 o S E c o n v e r t . 
M etallic green, gre en leather, std, beautiful! 817-S32-63I7 

MUST SELL! 
•76 S E L 45o. S u n r o o f , a ll o y w heels, loaded. D a y s : 226-5121; i eves: 734-2213 

'tv O pel G T , 57,ooo m ile s, e x c e l­ lent cond. $135o. 494-5786. 
•73 Ope! M a n ta Rallye. 4-spd owner. $13oo. Call: 696-o888 bv 

M U S T S E L L N O W ! '73 M e rc e d e s 
78o. 4-dr. $6oo u nd e r N A D A . A fter 
6 p.m.: 1 625 4248, N ew B ra u nfe ls. 

: 7 1 O P E L M A N T A S P O R T , new va lve s, rin gs. E x tra s. 533-5824 
‘71 Sp ort, auto, go o d c o n d itio n , 
$12oo. 494-2491 
716 MG 
718-PORSCHE 

7 2 M G B C o n v e rtib le , $2155. E x ­ cellent condition! 435-1641 
'69 M G B outside, 7 4 eng inside, a sk for C oin d re au , 653*6161, aft 5 
1-625-1966 w k n d s 
*71 M G B . V e r y g o o d c o n d itio n ! 
$175o 681-1937 

‘69 M e rc e d e s B e n i 23o. Sh ow roo m con d . L o w m ile a g e . S e r io u s in ­ q uires only 22m pg 696-2o67 

'69 M G C G T C la ssic 
6 cylind e r, auto. 
Excellent. 
$15oo 
734-9655 eves. 

‘71 M E R C E D E S , 75oC. L ik e new, pow er, air, M ic h e lin tires, a m -fm radio. 824-3515 eves. 

711- 

7o8 - CORVETTE 

1 975 ‘V E T T E , T -to p , L o a d e d , 
,S ilv e r - S ilv e r le a th e r, S a c rific e , 
$7ooo. A u stin 477 9857, 451-2516 

1975 H o n d a C iv i c h a t c h b a c k , 
D a y s 
735-9392, ext. 
266, eves, 
733-74o2 

A A A . A L L T y p e s - Y e a r M o d e ls J 7o9-DATSUN 
C O R V E T T E S , p ric e d re a so n a b ly . 
699-1877 o r 699-o294 
V E H I C L E S U N L I M I T E D 

Honda C iv ic 73. G ood cond. aulo, oir, low mi. $1475 494-7535 

‘72 M G M I D G E T C o n v e r t ib le , - rad ials, am -fm , n ice 
$149$. 
333 8152 

N O R T H W O O D P O R S C H E A U D I 
1236 N E. L O O P 41o 
824-3214 

MIKE’S 
USED CARS 
9111 SANPEDRO 
341-9412 
341-3933 
' J Q FORD 
7-2 5 o 
Pickup auto, air, cam per y 
^ 
C H IV Y 
EL 
Classic, loaded 
C A M IN O 
. '2 8 5 o 
» 7 C C O U G A R XRT, 
/ J lo a d e d .......... 
*4 3 5 © 
M O N A R C H , 
‘425© 
W A G O N , 
4- 
* 1 6 5 o 
' 7 A P IN T O 
W A G G 
/ A sp e e d , A M ra d io 

IW W M E R C U R Y 
W A G O N , 
I U L o a d e d ...............' I I SO 
★ W I FINANCE OUR OWN ★ 

'62 P o rsc h e C oupe N ew paint, new le a th e r in te rio r. A ir. E x c e lle n t cond $45oo. 225 5861. 

1975 P O R S C H E 914, 2.o lit., lo a d ­ ed, $78oo. F o r in fo rm a t io n c a ll 
1-51 2 -3 83-9 16 2, M ik e A l v a r o * , 
E d in b u rg , Tx. 

7 ) P o rsc h e 914. 2 litre. A M - F M , excellent, 525oo firm 69o-1665 
•74 P o rsc h e 914 2 liter, exce llen t condition, $44oo. 691-1282. 

A L A M O S P O R T S C A R S 
A u th o rize d Sa te s a nd Se rv ic e 
T riu m p h -A lfa R o m eo 
3111 B R O A D W A Y 828-5511 
7 6 T R 7. F u lly loaded, 3,ooo m iles, 
A M - F M stereo 8-track, air. S53oo 
341-7o3o. 

‘69 T riu m p h G T 6 + , go o d c o n d i­ tion, o verd rive , $1295 653-4526. 

M G M ID G E T , 1975. G R E A T con ­ dition! 17,ooo m iles. $31oo 22S-134o otter 6: 

1967 M E R C E D E S 25 oS, C le a n , 
$3,5oo. A N O 1969 M E R C E D E S 
28oSL, excellent, $1o,ooo 696-26o7 

•73 M e r c e d e s 28o S E L , 4.5, b y ow ner. E x c e lle n t cond ition 
Low m ileage, new tires. 494-6548 after 
6pm or w k e n d s 

S U h 
I 

7 4 D a tsu n B21o 2 d r h atch b ack, air, good -ond. $25oo 1-538-258o 

‘75 H o n d a C V - C C W a g o n . A ir , lu ggage rack. 17,ooo. mi. $265o. 
533-337o. 

1973 M e rc e d e s 4 S o S E L . E xce lle n t condition L e a th e r, go ld m etallic. 
W ill c o n sid e r w h o le sa le o r trade. i m a m 
_ 

‘65 M G , s p in n e r w h e e ls , b e s t otter 732-2254. 
717-OKI 

7 5 T R I U M P H T R 6 C o n v e rtib le , am -fm tape deck, yellow , black. ai P o r s c h e 911, S sp e e d , b u r- I V in y l top 27,ooo mi. $52oo Se guin g u n d y - black, new paint, rebuilt 
(1)379-25o6 engine, excellent condition- $54oo or m o ke ofter 68I-Q3I3____________ 

7 4 P O R S C H E , 911 T arq u , E xce l- lent Condition. 822-3657. 

7 6 T riu m p h TR7, lim e green, C B 
P ius cassette, excellent condition, 
$49oo. 675-9177 after 4 p m 

71 Ope), good cond, M ic h e lin steel rad ials, $875 674-7474 atter 5. 
72o SAAB 

71 T R 6 red, valve lob, new clutch, new M ich elin s. N e e d s b o d y w ork, paint. $12oo. E rie , 828-7825 

•73 V O L V O 164E. A ir, tape. S u n ­ ro o f. A u to . 63,ooo m ile s . B e s t offer. 344 1345 after 5: 
67 V O L V O 18oo. O v e r d r iv e $17oo. 
Call. 736-5197. 

‘71 V O L V O W A G O N , a ir, a m -fm , 
Std, $18oo 341-6784 
______ 

•72 V o lv o W a g o n . A ir c o n d itio n , loaded, n ew tires, low m i. $25oo. 
Call atter 5 828-2676. 
726 MISCELLANEOUS AUTOS 

STEPHENS AUTO. 
GARAGE & SALES 
5o1 WEST AVENUE 
736-1861 

71 JAVELIN 
$95o 

'72 FORD Pickup 
$15oo 

7 2 CHEVY Impala 
$1295 

7 o FO RD................. $9oo 

71 MONTE CARIO ... $895 

*71 V W .................... $9oo 

7 o OLDS Vista Cruiser wagon, completely rebuilt 
$1595 

'67 MERCURY Wagon... $6oo 

7 o PLYMOUTH Ouster... $795 

7 3 PINTO Wagon . .. $15oo 

* 7 o D I l i r i / ^s,ate Wa9an> Power> a'r> o,1 extras, $ i q c a ( i IL d U I L K original ana deon ......................... 
I t D U 
U t ) i . ■ n i l > 
Custom Hardtop, pawer, air, all ex- 
72 IMPALA has, vinyl roof, sharp ................ A l J V 
L i v e k ■ n v "6 4-door, power, air, alt extras, burns 
| 74 DART regular gas. EHN61o ....................... 2 o 3 U 

 r u n t # i i i 4-door, power, oir, cruise control, s i o r e s 
72 FURY III FM, vinyl roof, real dean 
I 85o> 

 l i y n M C t A f V / I D I / C D Brougham hardtop sedan, f I L N f c W TUKIVCK full power, air, low mile- $ n o r n age, original ond clean, now............................. A « J j U 
— - K A K A r Colt hardtop, oir, automatic, radio, e n a r A ’ 
74 DODGE heater, extra dean 
*245o 

» L A C I / V I A D I / Cus,om hard,°P- P°wer‘ Clr- vinYl S I A C A 
69 SKYLARK roof, low mileage................... 

 h a k m f Crestwood Wagon, power, oir, cruise e r e r n 
76 DODGE control, 3-seat! luggage rock 
........*515o 
'72 COUPE DeVIUE S, 
Zi S ' ‘285o 
'71 POLARA fn* ".'•..‘145o k73 CATALINA SSS-T-.I 
‘215o 
O.R. MITCHELL DODGE 
113o BROADWAY (V O W N O S 227-2283 

INSTANT CASH 

Paid on the spot for clean used cars and trucks. Stop in for free app raisal. 

U SED CA R D E P A R T M E N T 
TOM BENSON 
CHEVROLET 

9 4 o o S a n P e d r o 

726-IHSCHiMIEIBS AUTOS 

‘72 O P E L G T, $1295. 
C A L L : 333-8IS2 
*72 Opel G T. E x ce lle n t condition! 
M u st sell. 661-5527 

•74 B lu e S A A B S o n n e t III, fin e c o n d itio n , in t e r io r c u s to m iz e d , 
$3oo a m -fm s t e r e o c a s s e t t e in ­ d ashe r, a sk in g $36oo or best offer. 
J e r r y H a rtm a n , 1-441-o253. C a ll otter IO am . 

I '7o T R 6 -Y e llo w -$ 2 !o o W ill nego- i tiate. 
Super. cond. 
696-2641 
JU U LU Z8___________I ______________ __ 
IHC N UM BER TO CALL 
IS 2 2 5 -1 6 6 6 
EXPRESS AN O N EW S 

•72 C utlass, 2 door, loaded . 2195. 
74 V ega, auto, a ir 
......... $1595 
7o V W B u g .................... $1o95. 
•7o M a v e r ic k 2-door ......... $995 
68 Ltd 4 d oo r .................... 5695. 
69 M e r c u ry 4 door .......... $595. 
67 F a lco n 2-door ............. $395. 
S M IT H S U se d C a rs 
7o5 S A L A M O - 226-9144 

CARS CARS 
CARS 

N E W U S E D R E P O S 

TAKE UP PAYMENTS 
ON SOME MODELS 

• Will FINANCE • 

• WITH UTILE CREDIT • 

CALL; BOB PUENTE or 
JOE EDGEHOUSE 

222-8611 222-1685 

7 2 S - w s c a w g f l i S A m 

GOOD-WEAK CREDIT?? 

With Stable Income? 

There is a way we can 
SELL YOU A CAR 
OR TRUCK 

• 3o to choose from • 
PRICED $795. & UP 

KINNEY MOTORS 
3928 BROADWAY 

FOR FAST RESULTS 
PLACE YOUR W A N T A© 
IN THE EXPRESS N EW S 
CALL 2 2 5 -1 6 6 6 

FOR THI FASTEST RESULTS 
ON A WANT AO 
THE N U M BER TO CALL 
IS 225-1666 
EXPRESS AND NEWS 

PASHOIAN’S 
PRE.OWNED CARS 

Comer Broadway 8 Pearl Pkwy. 
224-6956 

'73 CHALLENGER 
$2379 
'73 TRIUMPH SPITFIRE... 52279 
'73 TOYOTA CELICA 
$2179 

7 2 CUTLASS SUPREME... $2279 
'71 FIREBIRD.............. 51979 
64 BEACH BUGGY 
$1o79, 

{{CLEARANCE SALEH 

73o-743 - AUTOMOBILES 

H A V E 
S M A L L 
D O W N 
P A Y M E N T but little ar no credit and looking for a new or used car? Coll Herb 225-79o9. 
NO M O N E Y DOW N , all m akes and models to choose from. Coil 
Herb, 225-79o9 
T E X A S AUTO S A L E S 
Our specialty - extra nice used car*. 923-4341 - 923-o737 

731 -MIC 

A M C Matador Coupe. ‘74. std., cyl. 18 mpg, excellent 698-1o95 
•74 AM C M A T A D O R , A-C, power steering, power brakes, A M -F M stereo, clean, 344-9327. 
•75 Gremlin, fully loaded, low mi. I owner, perfect condition. 494-5678 or 658 7495 

CHEVROLET 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Saturday May 14 1977 

4 -d o o r se d a n , tinted g la ss, ro o f drip m oldings, 

 b o d y sid e m o ld in gs, air co n d itio n in g, pow er 

 b rake s, 
3 o 5 
V -8 , three sp e e d m anual transm ission, p o w e r steering, full w heel covers, 

 white w all tires, A M ra d io ... # 7 7 1 2 1 3 

2-door Sport Coupe, tinted glass, root drip moldings, air conditioning, sport mirrors, console, power brokes, 3o5 V- 

8 engine, turbo hydramatic transmission, standard emission system, comfortilt steering wheel, radial white 

 wall tires, electric clock, windshield antenna, bumper 

 quards, rally wheels, antique white, firethorn vinyl bucket 
. . . sr 77o944 

2 -d o o r h atch b ack coup e, tinted g la ss, dura-built 
1 4 o e n gin e , four sp e e d m a n u a l transm ission, 

 w hite stripe tires, w in d sh ie ld an te n n a, h e a v y duty radia tor, bucket se ats ... # 7 7 1 3 3 5 

77 MONTE CARIO 

4 -d o o r sedan, tinted g la ss, roof drip m oldings, 

 air cond itioning, 
3 o 5 
V 8 engine, turbo 

 hyd ram a tic transm ission, radia l white w all tires, 

 w in d sh ie ld an te n n a, value a p p e a ra n c e g ro u p ... 
# 7 7 1 o 4 8 

2-door coupe, tinted gloss, deluxe body side moldings, cir 

 conditioning, sport mirrors, 
3o5 V 8 engine, turbo 

 h y p n o tic transmission, standard emission system, com­ fortilt steering wheel, radial white wall fires, windshield 

 antenna, rally wheels, green vinyl bench seats, dark blue - 

 green metallic .V. #7712o1 
•• 

77 MONTE CARLO 
77 CAPRICE CLASSIC 
2-door coupe, tinted glass, deluxe body side moldings, color 

 keyed floor mats, air conditioning, sport mirrors, 3o5 V-8 

 engine, turbo hydromotic transmission, tilt steering wheel, radial white wall tires, windshield antenna, bumper guards, wheel covere ... #771o19 

4-door sedan, color keyed seat belts, power door lock system, tinted gloss, power windows, body side moldings, door edge 

 guards, air conditioning, visor vanity mirror, sport mirrors, cruise control, 3o5 V-8 engine, turbo hydramatic transmission, tilt steering wheel, radial white wall tires, AM/FM stereo radio, bumper guords, vinyl root cover ... #771325 

4-door Sfcdan, tinted glass, roof drip m oldings, air conditioning, remote mirror, 3 o 5 V -8 engine, turbo hydram atic transmission, radial white wall tires, A M radio, light blue metallic... # 7 7 1 3 4 6 

’77 SUBURBAN 
SCOTTSDALE 1/2 TON 
77 DEMONSTRATOR 
’/j TON SILVERADO 
3 ossenger rear seat, air, locking differential, 3o5 V-8 engine, turbo hydromotic, skid plates, dual exhaust, power steering, chrome front & rear bumpers, Semist green with white top, 

 buckskin custom vinyl interior and more Stk. #775364 

A ir conditioning, autom atic transm ission, 
A M 

 pushb utton radio , chrom e front bu m p e r gu a rd , 

 rear step bum per, d e c or p a c k a g e , 
M ik a d o custom interior p a c k a g e , w hite sp o k e w heels, 

E 7 8 x I 4 w hite letter tires ... = 6 5 8 8 4 

Bums regular fuel, air conditioning, stainless steel mirrors, 

 speed and cruise control, 454 engine, turbo hydromotic transmission, tilt wheel, power steering, heavy duty battery, power windows, power door lock, exterior decor package, 

 while spoke wheels, IR78 steel belted radials, cardinal red and frost white, custom doth interior, much more. #77538? 
List price $ 8 4 o 8 .5 o 

Discounted to 

WWW****** 

77 Vt ton SCOTTSDALE 
IW B , burns re g u la r fuel, air cond itioning, 3 5 o 

V -8 engine, tu rb o hyd ram a tic transm ission, 

 p ow e r steering, A M radio, chrom e front bum p er gu a rd s, 1 7 8 x 1 5 w hite stripe tires, special two- tone paint, g a u g e s, colon ia l yellow , S a n te Fe tan, buckskin custom vinyl interior ... # 7 7 5 2 8 4 

Turbo hyd ram a tic autom atic transm ission, E 7 8 x 
14 w hite stripe tires, chrom e rear bum per, ex tenor d e cor p a cka ge . 
A M pu sh b u tton radio, 

C rim son red ... # 5 4 9 1 8 

Scottsdale equipment, camper special equipment, air con­ 

 ditioning, stainless steel mirrors, locking differential, 35o V-8 engine, 4 speed transmission, auxiliary fuel tank, tilt wheel, cargo lamp, special two-tone paint, buckskin Sante Fe ton, buckskin vinyl interior, much more ... #775554 

CONVENIENTLY DOWNTOWN: 
AUTOMOBILE SHOW ROOMS — 
1221 BROADW AY 
ENCLOSED TRUCK MALL — 
1121 BROADW AY 
223-4281 
OPEN UNTIL 9 P.M 

77 3/4 TON SILVERADO 
77 EL CAMINO CLASSIC 
CONQUISTA 

A ir cond itioning, lo ckin g differential, h e a v y duty 

 p o w e r brakes, 4 5 4 engine, turbo hydrom otic transm ission, a u xilia ry fuel tank, tilt w heel, p ow e r steering, c a rg o lam p, 9 5 o x 1 6 5 8 ply 

 tires, special tw o-tone paint, m etallic red a n d 

S a n te Fe tan, bu ckskin custom vinyl interior, m uch m ore ... # 7 7 5 o 3 1 

Door locks, power windows, intermittent windshield wiper, air 

 conditioning, cruise control, 3So V-8 engine, power steering, 

AM-fM stereo. Rally wheels, tdf wheel, GR7oxl5 steel belted radials, biown metallic and buckskin, mony more options. 

#77555o. 

48 MONTH 
FINANCING 
DUE TO SMITH’S MATURE 
PRICING POLICY, ALL 
PRICES INCLUDE 
DESTINATION CHARGE 
AND DEALER 
PREPARATION. 

INSURANCE 

A 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NtW S— Saturday May 14 1977 
A UTO TALK 

R eagan appointed service m a n ager 
MOTOR HOMES 

Continued from Page i to $4oo dollars, and perhaps u couple of hundred more for a V-8. 
GM has set a production goal of IOO,HOU diesels for the 1o78 model year, and 
Volkswagen has scheduled 1o.ooo diesel 
Rabbit imports for this year. 
The diesel engine gained Dopularity in the passenger car in Europe because of the high price of gasoline. 
England's Lucas Industries, a prime supplier of components for diesel engines, predicts that diesels will account for 5 per cent of world output by the 198os. 
Lucas — looking at the North American market — sees the diesel as primarily for full-sized passenger cars and light trucks. 
That, incidentally, matches tin* General 
Motors outlook. 
Chrysler plan 

Chrysler is looking at a plan to convert its popular 225 cubic inch six-cylinder engine to diesel. However, that plan is not moving at a very fast pace — don't look for the engine in the near future. lf Congress changes the standards, look for a diesel boom. 
Right now there are about 5,ooo truck stops that sell diesel fuel in this country. 
Only a fraction of the regular service stations sell it, but the oil companies say 

 they will move to offer more diesel fuel it they see a future in the market. 

 it it it 

With the appointment of Brock Adams as secretary of transportation, the con­ troversial air bag issue; has been revived. and all the old oft told arguments from both sides have been trotted out for public display again. 
The air bag enthsiusts can't come up with an answer to the problem of how to protect the passengers without a lap belt, in all but head on crashes; and the belt projHtnents can’t figure out how the belt will protect you if you don’t wear it. 
One answer that has apparently worked to some degree is manditory belt use. 
Eighteen nations in the world have laws requiring seat belt use; the same thing in the C anadian provinces of Ontario and 
Quebec, and the law also has been passed 

 i i i Puerto Rico. 
Report presented 
A report on how the manditory law is working out in seven European countries was presented by the American Safety 
Belt Council before the annual meeting of the Society of Automotive Engineers. 
The seat belt group has vested interest in the matter. The facts are there, alth­ 

 ough conclusions are lacking because da­ ta is still incomplete. 
First off, belt usage is up despite rather weak enforcement and very light pen­ alties for noncompliance. 
Here is a capsule report from the seven nations most of which have mandated belt use for two years or less: 
Sweden 
— Nearly 79 per cent of motorists were complying in a survey conducted a year ago. Saab, checking its own cars, said severe and fatal injuries were down 4f* per cent in the first eight months of 1975 from the same period in 
1974. Light injuries were up 2o per cent. 
Denmark — Only a year of experience with the law provides fragmentary infor­ mation. but a survey last .lune showed seat belt use up four times from 1975. 
France — Belts must be worn on rural roads and expressways at all times. 
Usage rate is 8o per cent. 
West Germany — Belt use ranges from 
65 to K7 per cent depending upon the source. 
Since Secretary Adams has revived the issue, we can expect some sort of mandi­ tory protection in the future. We will either have air bags, or there will be concerted effort to get states to pass manditory bidi use laws. 
Neither solution is satisfactory to the other side. 

Preston Reagan has been appointed service manager for Mission City Im ­ ports, 382o San Pedro, authorized dealer for Mercedes-Benz and Saab automobiles. 

With IO years of exper­ ience to draw on as a ser­ vice manager, Reagan is qualified to solve all auto­ mobile problems. He will be happy to discuss the problems with car owners. 

Reagan is a graduate of 
San Antonio Tech and a veteran of Navy service. 
He is married and the father of two children. 

“ I invite old friends and customers to stop in and see me at Mission City Im­ ports,” he said. 
LEBARON 

Continued from Page I any one time, making the two of them possibly the most prolific designers in history. 
In addition to Chrysler, LcBaron de­ signed classic bodies for such other line- ear manufacturers as Stilt/, Graham- 
Paige. lsotla*Eras( hini. Pierce Arrow , 
Packard, Cord. Mormon, Duesenberg, 
Lincoln and Cadillac. 

Continued from Page I 

 to knowing all about the usual mechanical problems, the motor home mechanic must be able to perform home repairs. 

The service department otters com­ plete plumbing repairs, electrical wiring repairs and serv ice for the built in ap­ pliances found in motor homes 

Motor home service facilities are no longer a problem for the motor home owner. Riley said service for motor homes is available throughout this country in any metropolitan area. 

Repairs are minor 

Most of the repairs made to the motor home coaches are very, very minor 
Usually the owner is simply too busy to do the work, so he uses the vehicle on the weekend, has a problem and then brings it in for repair. 

“ Chances are the owner could have fixed the problem himself. But it’s easier for him to just bring it in and let us do the work. Now you take the retired people, we don’t work on too many of their coaches, they repair their own,” Riley said. 

Customers who buy the large luxurious 

 motor homes are different from those who buy the smaller, or mini-motor homes. 
Those who buy the (LMC are typically politicians, business people who use them in their work and people who can afford the luxury of the (LMC. 

"A lot of people prefer it because it drives so well It drives more like a large luxury car. than a motor home,” Riley said. 

It gets good gas mileage, too. Most people come in thinking it will only get about four or five miles to the gallon, but it will really get at least ten miles to the gallon. I don’t think we sell a motor home that won’t get at least ten miles to the gallon.” 

Best selections 

Riley said he and Burke Motor Home 
Center president. T. A. Andrews, are able to offer one of the best selections of motor homes available in San Antonio. 

 ll you are interested in learning more about the advantages and costs of motor home living, their staff will be glad to answer your questions. 

AUtOMOnvt DISPl* * 
AUTO M O TIVE WSPLAY 
BARGAIN PRICES at o. R. MITCHELL 

NEW 7 7 DODGE COLT 

E P A — 
4 7 M P G H W 
Y . , 3 o M P G s C i t y 

Standard equipm ent' Reclining bucket seats, a d ju stab le steering column, tin ted glass, power disc brakes, whitewall tires, carpeting, front & rear bumper guards, uses legu or unleaded gas. rear wi dew defogger. 
SAN ANTONIO PRICE *3156“ 
Also a full line of Col* station wagons 
J 

New 7 7 Dodge Aspen 

2-door, economical 6 cylinder, radio 
*3695 

New 77 Dodge Aspen 
STATION WAGONS 

Loaded w ith extras, fac­ to ry a ir , a u t o m a t ic , trans., p o w er steering, disc brakes, radio, lug­ gage rack, m an y more extras. 
Only 535o 

7 7 DOM E MONACO 
Royal Sedans 

2 to C h o o s e fro m , 
4 o o o m ile s — 6 o o o m ite s f a c to r y w a r ­ ranty on each. 
Full Size Family Car The Very Best Buy in Town 
*495o 

O.R. MITCHELL DODGE 
113o BROADWAY 

BEAUTIFUL NEW 
77 CHAND PMX 
SAU! 

• Tinted glass 
• 3o1 V8 Engine 

• Automatic Transmission 

• Factory air Conditioning 

• Rally wheels 
• AM/FM stereo 

• Custom belts 

* I O D a ys 
O n ly 

• Bodyside moldings 

• Sport mirrors 

• Power steering 

• Power disc brakes 

 t Whitewall steel 

 belted radial tires 

• Tilt wheel 

MATA 
CADILLAC 

BUY A PRE-OWNED 
NON-ENERGY TAXABLE 
CADILLAC 

O N f O f THE TOP RATINGS IN T H I 
EPA LUXURY CAR MIE AGE CHARTS 
317 LEXINGTON 
2 2 6 -7 2 2 1 
12,ooo MI./12 MO. 
CADILLAC VALUE 
PROTECTION PLAN 
SERVICE AGREEMENT 
ON MOST 77, 76, 
75 and ’74 MODELS 

, T _ COUPE OE VILLE 
/ / Burgandy s . . 
Burgondy . . . . I l , 4 ! > U 
SEDAN DEVILLE S 1 . l l Terricota-White 
I 1 / 4 J U 
76 KW. s965o 
76 S « , fd s985o 
76 S L , ‘1o,75o 

, 
BROUGHAM 
S C A T A 
IO Green W hite . . . . * Y o 3 U 
SEDAN DEVILLE s f l Q O n 
7 6 W hite Blue t o V V U 

» 7 / COUPE DE VILLE iQ, j r 
/ 6 
Red W h ite 
V 
O 
/ J 

, , , COUPE DE VILLE 
J O A C A ’ 
7 6 Beige-Beige . . . . 
9 4 5 o 
CALAIS Sedan 
< 7 
# c a 
/ 6 Gold B ro w n 
/ O 
S U 
, 7 , CALAIS SEDAN 
I O yellow 
............ 
, , c Cl DORADO 
/ J W hite-W hite . . 
,-rr ELDORADO 
I J Biue-blus . . . . i 7 C BROUGHAM 
I J Rosewood-White i 7 jr SEDAN Deville 
/ J Orange-W hite . 
, T C SEDAN DE VILLE 
/ J Green-W hite . 
, 7 C SEDAN DEVILLE 
/ J Brown W hite . . . 
, 7 
- SEDAN DEVILLE 
I J B lu e -B lu e ......... 
SEDAN DEVILLE 
/ J S ilver-S ilver. . . . 

, 7 £ - CALAIS COUPE 
/ J Blue-W hite . . . . 
, 7 r COUPE OE VILLE 
/ J S ilver-S ilver. . . . 

, 7 C COUPE DE VILLE 
I J R ed -W h ite ......... 
COUPE DE VILLE 
S 7 r Q f t 
7 5 Brown W hite . . . . I J V U 
OTHER MAKES 

’ 7 A OLDS Regency 
S A C C A 
7 6 Blue W h it e ......... 6 V 6 U 
OLDS Cutlass S o l o n * - . f t A 
7 6 Blue W hite ......... 
6 6 V U 

*825o 
799o 
795o 
'879o 
.7 2 5 o 
'699o 
.7 6 5 o 
.7 2 5 o 
..'699o 
.7295; 
'749o 
'699o 

7 

N O V A 'S 
LIMITED INVENTORY 

 plus tax. title & lie. 

Stock #o1938. #o1955. #o196o. 

21 TO 
FROM 
CHOOSE 
-A LI COLORS 

 rrix 
5895OO 
Total 

Price. 

Title & 

Delivered 
Ids Tax, 

License 

* 7 A ^E V Y Im pala 
/ 6 Sedan Blue . . 
, 7 
. PONTIAC Gran Prix 
IO Black W hite 
. . . . 
, 7 C THUNDERBIRD 
/ J W hite-O range . . . 
( 7 r OLDS Cutlass 
/ J Blue-W hite . . . . 

* 7 4 
Electra 
/ 4 yellow -yellow 

.'445o 
'569o 
'6395 
'4375 
'425o 

SUPERIOR PONTIAC 
711 BROADWAY 227-5o41 

FOR RIATA’S 
SPECIAL 
OF THI DAY— 
DIAL 
22 RIATA o r 2 2 7 4 2 8 2 

ANCIRA WINTON 
I 
BUY □ RENT □ LEASE 4 
N. FLORES AT MARTIN 2 2 5 -5 3 3 3 

SPECIALS 
AT ALAMO AMC 

Jlan/u/ll 
Meadows 

NEW H O M E S IN 

N O R T H W E S T SAN 
A N T O N I O 

C O M I N G S O O N 

ANOTHER FINE 
RAY ELLISON 
COMMUNITY 
6 8 1 -3 o 2 o 

 ts\Mwrrrm 
CASH FOR 
YOUR CAR 
TOP PMC! PAID fOR 
CLEAN USED CARS & TRUCKS 
ANY MODEL 
SUPERIOR PONTIAC 

92o BR O A D W A Y ............... 227-5o41 

; 731 AMC 
732 BUICK 

’ 74 Gremlin X Air, auto., good condition. 5195o. Call: 333-4276 
IT Javelin SST. Super Sporty 2 d r, console, bucket seats, lug I rock on trunk Fantastic Red See to appreciate 
Asking 
$1495, \ 
. 432-3797____________________________| 
SI.75o Moving must sell, 73 Hor- - net, air, loaded, 828 2656.__________ 
76 Pacer Extra clean TO SET 
- T LE ESTA TE Call 633 o99o 
* ‘76 Pacer Like new Under w ar­ ranty. 
Anytime weekdays: 
824-4o58 

75 B U IC K C E N T U R Y 34,ooo miles, sunroof, a rn-1 rn stereo, tape power windows. 
$495o 
432-4315 

[ 732 • BUICK 

'74 Buick Regal, landou roof, air, power steering, brokes, excellent condition 53,2oo 655-2925 

73 Buick Electra '225', one owner 
828-6355, ofter 7 : 696-o3o3 

'73 BUICK Regal, 2-door, take up payments, call 924-6671 

" 7 7 V O L A K K 

 steering, power brokes, air, mirror, many other extras 
UST PRICE: $5426 
SALE PRICE: 
•PLUS T A X , TITLE AND LICENSE 
The*** 
^ 

4 -D O O R automatic, power vinyl roof, remote s4965 

JACK RUGER 
CHRYSLER PLYMOUTH 

58oo SAN PEDRO 
1 I 2 J 2 U 

732 BUICK 

BU IC K E C EC TR A 197o. 58,ooo miles tooded, and like new !! 
I $1195 Call: 225-65o1, must ask for i Don Holtz 
: 
- 
‘75 Buick Estate Wagon, 9 pass, 
12,ooo miles, loaded, I year war ronty, priced to sell. D U N LA P 
MOTORS, 915 Broadway, 227-2873 anytime 

71 BU IC K S K Y LA R K $795 
648-1131 
656-2678 
732 BUICK 

7o Buick Skylark. V8, auto. $8oo. 
27o7 Kaiser; 648-3147. 
'72 Sk ylark Custom, 53,ooo mi. 
Immaculate beauty! 826-8338 

B E A U T IF U L B la ck '67 Buick 
Electra 
225, all power, air 
734 834o____________________________ ) 
■73 BUICK Centurion 2-door hard­ top, all power, factory air, extra clean $1595. 9o°ofinancing avoita 
Pie. 224 44)o 
_____ 
73 Buick Centurion loaded, ex- cellent. owner, $25oo 684-92o4 
72 Buick Centurion 4-dr. hard­ top, low mileage 
Orig. owner. 
337 3647____________________________ 
74 Buick Century, excellent cond 
$79oo 824-4155 eves, weekends 

•7o Buick Estate Wagon. Cruise, 
AM-FM, good cond. 
51ooo. 
648-4268.___________________________ 
Buick 1971 Gran Sport, excellent, 
51895. 654-o6o2, 658-4771 

69 Buick S k y la rk . 4-dr., low miles. Original owner, very good cond. 51o45 341-2o36._____________ 
68 Buick Skylark Good condition 
$9oo 922-8491; 681-3)66.___________ 
75 Buick Skylark. V-8, power, air, excellent condition, reason for selling, marriage. 1-379-2o36. 
'68 Buick Wildcat. 55,ooo mi, good cond. Make otter 696-3799 

•72 S k y la rk . L a d y ’s car. mileage, very nice 736-o392 
Low 

1972 S K Y L A R K . O nly 5o,ooo m iles. 
C o m p le tely lo a d e d !! 
Including power windows, AM- 
FM Factory new!! Coll 225-65o1, must ask for Don Holtz 

733 CADILLAC 

69 Buick LeSabre sedan, small 
V8, $525 434-3459, 69o-9924 
1972 Buick Lim ited 
Loaded. 1-625-2915 

'76 LeSobre Custom 4 dr. sedan 
Power, tilt wheel, cruise control. 
Michelin rad ials. 16,ooo miles 
55695. 432-8747_____________________ 
197o Le Sabre, 4-door hardtop, I 
All power, ow n er, $8,ooo mi 
E x c e lle n t. 
_____________ $1,595. 655-1444. 

 i *66 Cadillac Coupe Deville. Full power, $325. 733-o762._____________ 
■73 Cadillac Coupe D eville Ex- cellent. 824-3o89, 824-2566_________ 
Cadillac Convertible 7o $t2oo or trade Call 673-7929 

 eve! 

73, 
o n lv 4o ooo 
68 Riviera. 55,ooo miles Excel miles. $2775-242-1342______________ lent! 828-6355, after 7: 696 o3o3 
7 o Buick Lim ited Good cond 
Loaded 4-door Call: 828-7754. 
69 SK Y LA R K CUSTOM, white 2 dr, 55oo. 826-1346. 

73 Cadillac Coupe D eville All power, a ir, tilt and telescope steering wheel AM-FM stereo, elec locks, very clean. Good rub­ ber. 73,5oo H iw ay miles. $325o. 
494-3431, 8 a .rn.-4:3o p m. wkdovs. 

’69 AMBASSADOR S f l d ? * ..... 

, — _ r n n n 
Gran Torino, 4-door, power and air. Today s 
I L r U K U special a l o real low, low price for o n ly ............ 

’ T O A i n t 
Cutlass 2-door hardtop, power and air, blue 

/ J U L U ) with white vinyl top A real buy fo r................. 

V-8, autom atic, power steering. This car 

 is one you hove been looking f o r .......... 

U A D M C T 
Sportabout Wagon, 6 cylinder autom atic, 
IO l l U K IX t i power steering, air A reol cream puff, 

 local one o w n e r ................................................................ 

74 JAVELIN 

75 VW 

74 GREMLIN 

Rabbit, air, a real sharp local one o w n e r ......... 

6 cylinder, a real economy car 

Today s special buy for o n ly ......... 

’ T A M A T A ( s a d 
4 door, power and air A real sharp 
7 6 M A TA D O R factory executive car 
Todays 

 special price. Stock 9 2435P 

74 COUGAR XR7 

 kind. lodoy s special 

 fu lly powered with air AM FM 

 tape 
This is only one of its 

'1195 

'1388 

'2888 

'2888 

'4244 

'2772 

'1666 

'3488 

'4288 
ALAMO AMC 

733 CADILLAC 

ONE OF A KIND 
By original owner, 1925 fleet- wood Brougham De Elegance — every option available except sunroof PLUS new steel belted radials. CB radio with retractable antenna, cassette tope player and regulate from inside the cor adjustable att shocks. Less than 
24 ooo octuol miles flawless condition 
Trades considered. 
S8995. 
494-6839 or 656-1313 

1 1 1 1 S a n P e d r o 

733 - CADILLAC_________ 

72 CADILLAC D E V IL L E TAKE 
U P M O N T H L Y P A Y M E N T S . 
O W N ER S EQ U IT Y F R E E . N ET 
PA Y O FF ONLY $1663 H U R R Y ! I 
828-6959 
'66 Cadillac 4 Door. Unlicensed runs good 
$4oo or bes! offer 
534-2oo9 
■74 C A D ILLA C El Dorado Con­ vertible Dynasty Red White too and white interior. Very low mi. 
Mint condition. 58995. 344-7122. 
•72 C adillac Fleetw ood 4 door hardtop $19oo-661 26o9____________ 
74 Cadillac F M Sed 
Brghm, low mi, worrantv 828-o197 

2 2 7 - 7 5 1 1 

VACATION WAGONS 

’ T A r U C U V Beauville Sports Van, 
2o, 
Brown, 
IO 
W n E V T White, 
V8, 
Automatic, 
Dual 
Air, S C O O T 
Cruise Control, and More................................................................. 
J 7 
7 
J 

 i 7 
# 
D / M U T I A f 
G,on 
I ^e° l 
Wagon, 
I O r U 
N 
N A V . Electric Windows, Electric Seals, j r / Q r 
Cruise Control, Stereo, Radio, 18,ooo M iles 
J O 
Y J i f t r u r s / v 
Caprice, 3 Seat Estate Wagon, Seige, 
/ O V H C V T 
Electric, 
Windows, 
Electric 
Seals, 
Luggage Rack, Stereo, Radio, 12,ooo Miles . . . . 
JOY J 

 t j i 
A l n e 
^is,a 
( ruis8r' 
I 
^eal 
Wagon, t O ULU J 
Automatic, Air, Stereo, Rodio, Has o few Miles, (44,8oo) But Very Clean and Priced 
. 
. 
. 
. 
. 
Right................................................. 
4 6 9 5 

’ 7 > l E n o n 
®fon Tonno' I® Passenger Wagon, 
7 T rU K U Brown 
Electric 
Windows, 
Electric j 
. . 
. 
. 
Seats, luggage Rack, Stereo, R a d io ............................... j 4 Y j 

1 7 «j A i n e 
Custom Cruiser, Full Luxury, Power 
. 
. 
. 
. 
. 
/ O 
U 
L 
U 
) with Stereo................................................................ 
2 7 9 5 

I v a n i n e 
Custom Cruiser. Full Luxury Equip- 
I A ULU) merit. Including A i r .......................................... 
I OY J 

*7 A P l K IT D ^ 
^oar< 
Runobout' 
Yellow, 
/ T r i ! ’ ! IU 
Automatic, 
Air 
Conditioned, s n m r 
38,ooo M iles............................................................................................... 
21Y5 

ASK AB OU T OUR “ BACK LOT” SPECIALS 

CHECK US I ST OR WE BOTH LOSE 

 ffftV rC F , W H A T 

NEW and PRE-OWNED 
CAR SALES 
SHOWROOMS 
Open M on.-Fri. 8 A.M . 
To 6 P.M. 
Sat. 8 A.M . to 4 P.M. 
SHOP INDOORS 

733 CADILLAC 

IT S ALL ABOUT, 
[QUALITY USED CARS 
LEASING 

61 Cadillac Fleetwood AH power, rebuilt trans, new exhaust and tires, parts. $425 333-6o/8 after 
6PM 

•69 CADILLAC C O UPE D E V IL L E 
E L E G A N T RUN S AND LOOKS 
L IK E IT HASN T B E E N U SED 
F IR S T 
$12oo 
C A SH 
821o 
BROADWAY- ALAMO H EIG H TS 

I C A D IL LA C L IM O U S IN E . Very 
Q OO cl condition. 5255o. 653-98oo 

PLACE YOUR W A N T AD 
IN THE EXPRESS N EW S 
CACI 2 2 5 - 1 6 6 6 

CADILLAC OLDS 
I 77 s, 75 s, 73’s, 72 s, 71s Quality car’s priced right. Low miles, I year national warranty D U N LAP 
MOTORS, 915 Broadway, 227 2873 anytime___________________________ 
Cadillac Olds, Special Sale! 
75 Cadillac Sedan Deville, beige, low miles, loaded, only $6488 A -74 
Eldoroao, sharp, this sale only 
$4488. '73 Cadillac Sedan Deville, 
53,ooo m iles, full pow er, a ir, 
. . . . cruise, tope deck, premium tires, 
ISA • UU]ll.LAL 
$3288. '71 Sedan Deville, cream 
------------ 
Duff, $2888 ‘75 Olds Toronado, white on white, red accent stripe, low miles, like new, $4988. ‘74 
Olds, 98 Luxury Coupe, every ex- ra, o sleol al $3988 Mony others to choose from. Most carry I year or 12,ooo miles warrantee. Titles guaranteed, finance no problem, 
D J Dunlop Motors, 917 Broad 
, 227-2873. 

75o N.E. LOOP 41o AT BROADWAY 
8 2 4 -o 4 1 1 

733 CADILLAC 

73 Coupe D eville, fully loaded, must sell, $25oo 922-841o 
D.J. D U N LA P MOTORS 
917 Broadway 
227-2873 
Cod-Oldt-Llncotn Cfr. 

 way, 

TTcadillac Sedan Deville 32,ooo mi., 536oo. 65S 84o3________________ 
74 Coupe Deville Loaded, excel­ lent cond $4695. 654 o544 

72 El Dorado, all black, loaded, good tires. A1, $32oo 824-8377 
'72 El Dorado, 39,ooo miles, clean 
$4ooo 7am-1opm, 734 2o16 
I ‘75 Eldorado. 1o,ooo mi., 5 Voaue 
I tires. See to appreciate. 736-3311 
' 
IN fHC EXPRESS NEWS 
CALI 225-1666 

•77 Fleetwood 4 dr Brougham, all 
[optional eauipm ent, ve ry low mileage, in warranty, will trade. 
1-836-2932,_________________________ 

RIATA CADILLAC t 117 LEXIN G TO N _________226-7221 
'72 SED AN D E V IL L E 
Very clean. 51795. 695-8)86 

’75 PLY. 
VALIANT 

4 Or. Sedan, economical, 6 cyI., auto., power steering, power brokes, vinyl top, air, whitewalls, tinted gloss. — 7o35A. 

A N C IR A W IN T O N 

734 CHEVROLET 

I 1972 B E L A IR , vinyl top, air, ster- 
I eo tope $1,4oo. 226-3121 before 5. 
342-4473.__________________________ j '7o Brookwood Wogon V8, fully 
1 loaded, good tires, make offer 
658-1547.___________________________ 
By Owner- '77 Monte Carlo. 27oo m iles, ‘76 M e rc u ry M onarch. 
Must sacrifice! Afters: 349-669o 
‘76 Cantaro 35o-4bbl-4 spd, excel­ lent cond, good mpg, $52oo, see of 
A yala’s Exxon, New Braunfels, 
Tx or coil 1-625 9419 ofter 5 pm 
'75 
Com oro, \ f u llv loaded, 
3-speed 5355o. Coll: 922-3413. 
•73 Camaro Loaded excellent, below book value 826-5536 aft 6 
C A M A R O 1976. Load ed ! Low m ileage. 36 month w a rra n ty . 
$48oo or best offer 828-117o 
'73 C A M A R O , loaded, auto, power, air, power windows, am- fm $2895. or make offer. 924 6416 
‘69 Comoro needs little work on 
■ motor 633-2948 
I TS CAMARO, take up payments, coll 924-6671 
74 Caprice Classic. Ex cellen t cond. $329o. 684 o663 or 684-2854. 
'75 C A PRIC E 4 door hardtop. All 
E X T R A S ! 
B y O w ner. C a ll: 
69o-8378 ofter 6: p.m. 
'71 Caprice good condition, new tires, black 4 dr, power, air, $9oo or bes! ofter 492-2o46_____________ 
'74 C A P R IC E Station wagon, 9 passenger, loaded $2995. 924 6416 

THE N U M B E R TO C A I I 
IS 2 2 5 - 1 6 6 6 
EXPRESS A N D NEWS 

1976 Chevelle 4 door P E R F E C T 
C O N D IT IO N ! 
C a ll: 
Ste ve 
Broomall, 222-8611 

EXPRESS 
2 L IN E S $ 
^ 
F 
TEXAS SIZE SAVINGS... IO days 
# 

NON COMMERCIAL! 
CANCELLABLE 
WITHOUT 
RATE CHANGE 

73o-743-AHT8MBBILES 
73G743 AUTOMOBILES 

CAVENDER 
OLDSMOBILE COMPANY 
ANNOUNCES A 
PECIAL SALE! 
1977 OLDSMOBILE 
<o MIEGA 
2-DOOR 
COUPE 

AS OUR 
STOCK NO. 1576 

 r n 
4725 
4-DOOR 
SEDAN 

AS OUR 
STOCK NO. 

1 8 1 8 
4795 
★ Equipped with the Following Options ★ 

• V6 ENGINE 
• AIR CONDITIONING 

• P O W ER STEERING 
• POWER BRAKES 
• AUTOMATIC 
TRANSM ISSION 

• A M RADIO 
• TINTED GLASS 
• BODY SIDE M O LDINGS 
• DELUXE WHEEL DISCS 
• WHITE SIDEWALL 
TIRES 
CAVENDER OLDSMOBILE 
8o1 BRO ADW AY 
• 
226-7353 

“ C O N F I D E N C E IS C A V E N D E R ” 

DUE TO TREMENDOUS RESPONSE TO 
TOM BENSON’S 1oo1 SALE ON NEW 
UNITS OUR USED CAR DEPARTMENT IS 
OVERSTOCKED WITH TRADE-INS— SO 
THE TIME TO BUY IS RIGHT NOW ! 

I A A E R J L I A 
4 door, green, loaded, viny! top, 
C ■ mm mm mm 
■ extra nice. * 2 2 2 3 
R IG H T N O W 
......................................... 

E l I D 
Sport C oupe green, loaded, vinyl top, 
J I I 
KS r u m bucket seats 4? I I 8 5 . 
R IG H T N O W .................................................% 
| 
4 
7 
5 

A M 
A A T 
I 
# ■ R i l l black, loaded, Landou, A M PM, 
C am o m o % em irlUIMTc CARLO 
8 , 4 o o miles * 
1 8 8 o . R IG H T N O W 
5 2 9 5 

I E 
A 
A 
A 
I l i f f 
4 -door, green, loaded, cruise control, c a m mm mm 
L 
E 
I v l A l l d 
3 1 , o o o miles * 2 1 1 4 
R IG H T N O W 
.................................... t j l 

A 
A 
I I C 
T 
A 
A l M i. 
2 + 2 Blue, 6 cylinder, loaded, 
S 
G 
^ 
I A 
B 
I W B A P 9 
I 
I s l 
4 -speed transm ission * 1 3 o 6 . 
R IG H T N O W c # 4 m V 
G 

I C 
M i l A 
A l c 
4 -door, green, loaded, vinyl top, 
C a mm mm om l a E f f V l # 4 n i 9 
A M / F M tape deck * 
2 o 9 3 . 
R I G H T N O W .............................. 
J t a 3 
9 
9 

H 
A y f i | 
J P 
9 p a sse n ge r w agon, black, loaded, lu gga ge rack, 
S t f B 
I 
MS r 
W 
P 
I I I H 
V all the extras * 
2 1 8 6 . 
R IG H T N O W .............................. 
J L 
I 
7 
3 

J I B 
E 
Cus,om Coupe, gold, 6 -cylinder, 
C M 
SB o % am 
W 
L 
M 
K 
C loaded, vinyl top * 
2 1 6 1 . 
R IG H T N O W ............................... 
• # 
I 7 
) 
V W SUPER BEETLE S R 4 >pc«»htmnow ....*2495 

# * l I T 
I A 
C 
C 
Sa lo n blue, loaded, cruise control, c jm mm mm mm 
L 
U 
I L 
A 
9 
9 vinyl top, A M / F M tope * 
2 2 o 7 . 
R I G H T N O W ................... 
* 
§ 
9 
9 
9 

I A A B l A 
I A 
4 door, m aroon, loaded, A M , cruise control, 
£ o m mm o m mm 
I V V I I l o w miles. * 
2 2 4 1 . 
R IG H T N O W 
...................................... 
X 
T t 
S 
MONTE CARLO tow miles 4 4 , o o o * 2 2 1 3 . 
R IG H T N O W * 2 1 9 5 
TRUCKS 
CHEVROLET 
Silverado package * 
2 2 3 4 . R IG H T N O W 
* 4 6 9 5 

V 
M% I ? A 
,/j ,on' 9 reen' autom atic 
S 
G 
A 
A 
MS 
I % 3P » % aa I with air conditioning. * 
2 o o 8 . 
R I G H T N O W 
......................... .. 
CBP a r TM 9 

C 
A 
D 
A 
'/? ton white, 8 -cylinder, autom atic 
C mrn mr mm gm r v f T C L # 
With radio, nice, * 
1 9 7 o . 
R IG H T N O W 
...................................... 
4 
o 
7 
3 

 f 
U 
E 
M 
V ton gold, 3 -speed V 8 , 
C ■ mm mm rn* 
L r V 
I E 
W I radio, g o o d w ork truck * 
2 o 1 2 . 
R I G H T N O W 
................................** I 9 
TM 9 

# 
U 
E 
U 
V 
' ton dual wheel, silver, g MS O M% KH 
L f l K 
V 
I loaded with extras * 1 9 4 4 
R IG H T N O W ............................... 
9 
9 
9 
9 jPoii Benson 

225-1666 
QUICK 
RE 

?m-7434»tiw hh 
?3F?43-«r«ii(Niius 
? » n m w m s 
Son A n t o n i o E X P R E S S ^ N E W 
S — 
S a t u r d a y M a y 1 4 1 9 7 / 
~ B 
" P a g e 
5~Fl 

73o 743 AUTOMOBILES 
73o 743 AUTOMOBILES 
73o 743 AUTOMOEILtS 

CHARLES ORSINGER 
SPIRES-DCXICLAS 
BUICK 
BUICK ' 
45oo San Pedro 
5o1 Broadway 
734-4221 
226-1361 

NEW CAR TRADE-INS 

• DEALERS WELCOME • 

* C A R S SOLD A S IS * 

’ 7 o D I Kl T A Runabout, 4 speed, att, tuns good, j i n r 
/ Z r I N I U needs o hilly body work 
O Z J 

’68 V W B U S “ 
' “ 
..... 
1 985 

’71 DATSUN S 7 . T 4 *’"■ '1o75 

’ 7 o A i n e O O Salton wagon, automatic, air, . . . . . 
IL U L U J T O power steering, runs good 
I U / 5 

’7o MONTE CARLO llncn needs muffler 
I U 5 U 

’ 7/1 D I V M A I I T U fury 4 door> outomotir, 
I H I L I IT I U U I l l air, power steering, 62,ooo j . . . . miles 
I J J U 

 r-rn I a a a K ir 2 dont. automatic, air, power n i m 
J I L e M A N S steering bucko! seats. 
1 6 5 o 

7 2 TOYOTA 
'165o 

 door, 
'195o 
’73 GRAND TORINO automatic, power steering, bucket seots, tape deck 
’ T C n t k i T A Station wagon, 4 speed, air, luqqaqe 
75 PINTO rock, 67, OOO miles... 
1975 
’74 FORD ^°nno, * (*oo>' nu*oma,it' oir p°w®f 1225o 

I l a D I I l f ll Riviera, automatic, arr, power $ r t o r n 
I J B U I C K steering, power windows, AM 
TM Z 4 j U 
’7 /f A l n e Custom Cruiser wogon, all power, air, 
/ 4 U L U 5 89,ooo rndes 
.. 
.... s255o 
’ T C f U C V / V 'mP°la station wogon, automatic, 
I J C f l f c V Y nit, power steering 74,ooo miles, s n r y c runs and looks good 
Z j / j 
’7 C E n o n I T H * 'loot, automatic, air, power 
I J r U K U L I U steering, power brokes, AM l o t t a fM, vinyl top 
« I r y e D I I l f l f Century 2 door, automatic, air, power 
/ J D U ! v !V steering, AM tope, landau roof, 51,ooo S ^ ^ Q Q 

*485o 

 miles. 
’74 THUNDERBIRD I S 
"'*i o11 

'7o F1oo XLI 53’”* ' 

’ 7 *1 n n n r r ^ 
£ui,om> ou,° 
/ j U U U U t motic, long narrow bed, powm steering, power brakes, needs air conditioner compressor 

1175 

199o 
7 3 RANCHEROSqui,e a“ 
84,ooo mites. air, power steering. 

 i “J a r | a is Ranger XII automatic, on, pow- 
/ 4 T I U U et steering, power brokes 
’ 7 4 C A P H Custom HOO automatic, air, 
/ 4 I U Tv Ll power steering, power brokes, runs good, mileage unknown........... i j r a a r Beau James, automatic, an, 
/ J U n i v power steering, power brokes, 
AM PM, tilt wheel, cruise control, 66,ooo miles 

7375 
*245o 

*265o 

*415o 

NORTH CENTRAL FORD 

98oo SAN PEDRO OPEN SUNDAY 341-oo4o 

Loop 41 OAT SAN PEDRO 
341-3314 

734 CHEVROLET 

1 973 
C H E V E L L E 
M A L IB U . 
L o a d e d ! Sho w ro o m con d ition . 
Coll 
225-65o1, must ask for Don 
Holtz_____________________________ 
74 Chevelie, 3 seat Wagon. Air, all 
Dower, $3495 661-5216 
____ 
65 Chevelie, 327, 4-speed, 2-door hardtop. $875. 627-2239. 
__ 

C H E V E L L E S T A T IO N W A G O N 
*72. Take up paym ents 225-65o1, m ust ask for Don Holtz 
65 C hevrolet Im pala, 4 dr. a u ­ tom atic, 327 engine g a s sa v e r, 
$395 675-2389. 
'73 C h e v ro le t im p a la W a g o n , 
$2,195. 333-3362. 
7o Chevrolet Malibu. 2 dr., air. 
$115o. or best ofter. 433-8682. 
*69 Chevy Caprice 396, auto, $5oo. 
824-3698 after 5, ask for Ron 
■56 C H E V Y D U N E B U G G Y . $65o. 
Call: 533-1414 
‘74 C H E V Y Estate wagon, 9 p as­ senger, take up payments, coil 
924-6671 
______ 
73 C H E V Y It N O V A . 6, S T A N ­ 
D A R D 
H A T C H B A C K . 
L O W 
M I L E S . 
B E A U T I F U L 
G A S 
S A V E R ! $17oo W IL L T R A D E 
F O R A N Y T H IN G . 828-6959 

734 CHEVROLET 

‘73 C H E V Y Im pala great con di­ tion 
$1395. trode, 
342-2o93; 
344-o845___________________________ 
•74 C H E V Y Im pala, 4-door, all power, factory air, extra clean 
$1995. 
9o°ofinancing available. 
224-441o 

‘73 IM P A L A 4 door hardtop VS, air, $1495. 656-o268.__________ . 
'72 Im p a la 4 d r, a ir , p o w e r, r a d ia ls, tilt w heel, v in y l top, 
Clean, $135o After 5, 656-3849 

76 CHEVY MALIBU 
Automatic, air ...................$4389 
H E M P H IL L M C C O M B S 
F O R D S O U T H S ID E 
19o1 SW M ilitary 922-6317 

•76 Im pala 4 dr, om -fm 8 track, air, sm all equity and take over payments. 923-44o9. 
‘73 Impala. Good condition. Best offer 342-6642 or 696-4251. 
*72 Impala. Loaded, plus extras. 
E x c e lle n t con d. 38,ooo m ile s. 
I $2195. 658-2153. 
75 CHEVY MONZA 
2+2, automatic, air 
.......... $3489 
H E M P H IL L M C C O M B S 
F O R D S O U T H S ID E 
19o1 SW M ilitary 922-6317 

75 Chevy % Ton Silverado Pickup, loaded, $4995, T O M B E N S O N IM - 
PO RTS, 95oo San Pedro, 341-1356 

’69 IM P A L A , m ust see and drive. 
$895. 49+5313 

1973 M A L IB U , att p ow er, air. 
826-9545, 695-8o56 

 i 73 M alibu. A ll pow er, air, like new. M u st sell! $1995. O w ner. 
657-1529 arter « p.m. 

Chevy, '69 wagon, 327 eng, good gas mileage, $45o 826-o574 
73 C H E V Y W agon $155o 
Low miles Luggage rock. 435-1641 
‘7o im pala, air, pow er steering, radials, good runnin g condition, 
$695. 69o-9o66. 

■66 C h e vy im p ala 4 door, w ith 
•7o-396 engine $45o 333-7982 
1974 C h e v y Im p a la C u sto m . 
Loaded! 826-9565, 695-8o56 
•74 Chevy im pala 4 dr Loaded. 
Sacrifice. $185o. 533-337o 
_______ 
‘69 C hevy Im pala 4-dr., pow er brakes, air. $45o. 828-6667. 

76 Impala Custom landau, stereo, tilt, cruise, air, power 6o-4o seat, door locks, w indow s, beautiful white with b urgun d y top and in- terior, owner, $4,55o. 226-37o5. 
*72 Im pala Custom, air, vinyl roof, radials, w ife's car, extra clean, must sell! $1495. 496-7987 
’64 
IM P A L A 
4 
824-4214; 342J_922„ d o o r, 
$35o. 

7 6 Malibu Classic. Pow er steer­ ing, brakes. Air, A M -F M . G oing overseas. Must sell 922 8966 
1974 M A L IB U C L A S S IC Blue with w hite v in y l fop. L o a d e d ! 981o 
Evening Way. 455-3156 
1975 M a lib u C la s s ic 4-door. 
826 9565, 695-8o56 
1975 M A L IB U C L A S S IC . L ik e new . M u s t sell. 
T a k e o v e r payments. 225-65o1, m ust ask for 
Don Holtz 
1972 Malibu 2-door hardtop. Like new! 826-9S45, 695-8o54 
1973 M A L IB U 2 d oor T ake up paym ents. Call: 225-45o1, m ust ask for Don Holtz 

1974 
PINTO 2-DOOR 

4-speed standard, radio, m ag wheels, new tires, like new, 
36,425 miles, 
3*1886A - $1895. 

• 19o1 BROADWAY 

1 
224-5516 

J K N IU i U K W I N T O N , 

Pow er steering, pow er 

 brakes, air, radio, un­ 

 dercoating, 

 steel belt­ 

 ed radial 

 tires. U ST 

# 7 1 2 8 

SALE PRICE 

$71o4 
*6244* 
•PIUS TAX, TITH ANO LICENSE 
-ton, . 

JACK RIEGER 

C H X Y S l W e i Y X O U ’ ** 
58oo SAN PEDRO 

7 3 2 4 2 1 1 

I P 
R 
I C 
? B r , r f e s l i t s s 

' 1 6 t 6 
@ 
S l . 6 
6 
9 
5 
’n 
,15 a g o n a l 

’T » f ® : s s § t « 5 i im i £ s l , 15 

I i ..I Ullin 1 1 i i 

’7 3 
I 
^ t 
~ r 
^ l 2 
9 
5 

’7 3 t ° f f l S f ^ 
2 
1 
9 
5 l 
’ 7 i M t E u 
R 
H g l ° 
95c 

’ 7 2 B U IC K Y 
7 7q js 1 ’ 6 9 F O R D ii™ 1 3 9 5 

■ h ow L L * ' * 
I v 
^ . . w b a H 
T 
I I f U * 

'n S B S S B j & n t s l '71 s= sM M,^ 2 n *,s 

'7 3 O A H I C I , , S & 
1 M 
5 | . n 
M 
B 
S 
S 
S a t S 
W 

O.R. MITCHELL CHRYSLER/PLYMOUTH 
" T h e D e a l t } , T h a t T e lit Ct L i k e I t I t " 
28oo B R O A D W A Y 
• 
Open Evenings 824-6331 
(A C R O SS FR O M BR ACK ENR ID G ! PARK) 

DEVINE FORD INC. 

NO. I Beating Uptown Prices 

• LOW OVTRHEAD • VOLUME SALIS 
SMALL PROFIT DEALER 
GUARANTEES 
*2oo. to *5oo. 
IN S A V IN G S ! 
ON ALL CARS & TRUCKS 
DEVINE FORD INC. 
8o1 N. TEEL DR. H IG H W A Y 81 
DEVINE, TEXAS 
S A . Phone 6 7 7 -8 2 o o 
Devine 663-2876 

734 CRV 

7 3 M O N T E C A R L O , alt pow er fa c to ry a ir, tilt w heel, s w iv e l seats, clean $2195. o9o%financing ovoilble. 224-441o_________________ 
74 M onte C a rlo ” Silv e r, black 
Landau root. Auto., power steer­ ing, air. A M -F M , cruise control. 
$34oo. 653-13o8. 

734 CHWLtT________ 

74 Monte Cart) Landau 
Automatic, oir .............. $3589 
H E M P H IL L MCCOMBS 
F O R D S O U T H S ID E 
19o1 SW M ilitary 922-6317 
M O N T E C A R L O 75, loaded, take : up payments. Call Herb 225 79o9 
‘73 M o n te C a rlo L a n d a u . A ir. * p o w e r, A M - F M ste re o 
D a r k 1 brown, beige vinyl top. Exce lle n t; condition. $245o 653-2356 

734-CHEVROLET 

75 M onza Town Coupe V8, power steering, 4 sod, $275o. 684-6311. 
M ust sell. '74 Monte Carlo, loaded. 
Call 824 3837. 

N E E D A C A R » N E W or U S E D . 
W ill F IN A N C E with ve ry little c re d it! 
M a r r ie d , 
S in g le , 
D iv o rc e d . C a ll 
B o b P u e n te 
222-8611 or 222-1685 

734-CHEVROLET 

O F F E R IN G 73 C A P R IC E C L A S ­ 
S IC . L U X U R Y F A M IL Y C A R 
M A G N I F IC I E NT C O N D IT IO N 
S A C R IF IC E * O W N E R E Q U IT Y 
F R E E N E T P A Y O F F $17*7 
CA SH . IN C L U D E S E V E R Y E X ­ 
TRA. 8286959 
‘64 9 passenger Chevy Bel Air, 7o 
3*o Yam aha, 49+3957. 
Toke over payments, no equity '73 
N O VA 
Call: 
82+76o6 arter 
7: 
49+5734 

Monte Carlo '75. Loaded) S3895, will help finance. 22+o639______ 
1971 M on te C a rlo , p ow er, a ir, 
A M -F M 8 track Slight body work needed. 661 5165 
____ 
1974 Monte Carlo. Fully equipped 
826 9565, 695-8o56 
76 Monte Carlo, loaded, sacrifice 
$4995. 922-41o9 or 22+4416. 
I i M alibu Im m acu late! fexcel- lent, low mi. New tires. $2395. 
433-7797 

■73 M O N T E C A R L O Landau, all equipment. Like new, crem e putt condition Genuine low mileage. 
S3o95 342-4773 eves, weekends 

76 N ova Deluxe. Air, power, low mi. $38oo Arter 6. 1-742-36o1. 
‘67 Novo Hardtop. VB, air Needs rings and paint. $4oo. 658-4859. 

7 * M O N T E C A R LO , fully loaded, no equity, toke up paym ents. Tom 
Ford, 349-6948 

74 Novo Hatchback, loaded, $2795, 
T O M B E N S O N IM P O R T S , 95oo 
San Pedro, 341-1356______________ 

Transportation Special 
71 Vega 
$5oo Arter 6 pm, 341-5878 
’72 V E G A a u to m a tic, $12oo 
226 o241; 226 o292______________ _ 
'72 V e g a -G T , m r, ra d io , m a g wheels Best ofter 674 o584 

73+CHMIL!_________ 
•7« V ega k a k k b d e k 
Air, auto radial tires, mags. $125o 924 1678 

74 VEGA HATCHBACK 
GT, automatic, air ............$1595 
J A M IS O N M lrs Seguin, 223 52o1 
7 $ Vega Hatchback Auto , power 
Steering, air. $195o. 533-337o 

7 2 Vega Hatchback Sfd., radio, healer Good transportation $6oo 
924-8o95. 
74 Vega Station wogon, auto, air, luggage rack 34,ooo miles, $i,695 
623 4285, 675-2152 
V ega W agon, '74 air, excellent 
Cond I owner $185o 684 92o4 

'7! M O N T E C A R L O , auto, air, power, good car $1o95. 9o% fin- onclng available. 224-441o________ 

1976 NO VA, one owner Loaded! 
82S 6355, after 7:-696 o3o3 
•76 Nova, sfd, 6 cyl, air, power, 
9,ooo mc $36oo. 924-97o1 ________ 

*75 M onza Tow n coupe 262 VS, vinyl top, 4 *pd, radials, 2o,ooo mc 
H3--M78 oft titm___________ 

PLACE TOUR W A N T AO 
IN THE EXPRESS N EW S 
C A U 2 3 5 -1 6 6 6 

72 V E G A GT 
4 speed 658 8B84 
735 CHRYSLER 

 i l 
V 
I 
M 
I 
K 
I 
I h 
“ SPECIALS” 

’ • ? l r u c w o fT iC T 11 (ammo £,aui<' ,o<,orv a,r'$ /io o ir 
76 CHEVROLET all power and extras, sharp ,. *4995 
’T C U l l i n / *,l't,ro 
Custom coupe, (actory air, 
I J BUICK all power ond extras, dean 
...... 
5695 
«•yr f t i (N r Toronodo Coupe, factory air, all power a n e 
75 OLDS end extras Speciol.............................*5495 
’7*3 n i n e ^Kt,a 88 Holiday Sedan, factory air, all j n c n r 
I S ULU5 power end extras, vinyl top, dean . . . . . . '/ 4 V J 
/>• n r Cutlass Salon, 4-door, factory air, all im i n * 
14 OLD5 power and extras, dean.................... 4695 

’T C r n i i r a d t o u ^ 
’ ,ot,orv air' o,1 P°**r s a /.a c 
75 CU U U AR and extras, like row. .............. 4695 
A i n e £u,*oil SuprRtne Coup*, (actory air, all $ r n n r 
/ O ULLO power and extras, stereo, m ags......... J L r J 
7 4 PLYMOUTH air, automatic, was 
'2695 
7 5 OLDS 98 
'5495 
’ 7 C. t r i o is Granada Chia, 11,ooo miles, loaded 
IO r U K D with extras. 
*4 6 9 5 
17(1 M C D / * ! I D V 
Brougham, coupe, factory j n . Q - 
72 MERCURY air, all power and extras, special.. Z I “ 5 

’7 A A i n e £ut,om Cruiser station wagon, factory 
/ 4 O L D ) air, alt power and extras roof rack 
S O , J 
»7 A M c n r u n v 
4-door, factory air, all . . . a . 
76 mEKCURY power, and extras, low mileage .. 4495 

’ 7 7 A i n e Cutlass Supreme Coupe, (actory air, oil s * | n r f S U L U ) power and extras, "good looking'' 
4 1 9 5 m n r 98 luxury Sedan, (actory air, all power <• . n r 
O I O L D ) and extras .SHARP 
................’ I 1 9 5 

12,ooo MUE OR 1 2 MONTH MOTORS INSURANCE CORP. 
MECHANICAL INSURANCE AVAILABLE ON MANY OF OUR 

7 4 OR NEWER MODELS 

" C O N F I D E N C E IS C A V E N D E R ” 
Cavender Oldsmobile Co. 

1 o o 1 B r o a d w a y • 2 2 6 - 7 3 5 7 • 2 2 6 - 8 7 7 2 

'75 Vega G T Sport Wogon, 4 sod, om-fm, air, luggage rack, excel­ lent condition; red, white interior 
$27oo. 349-1o79 atter 6pm. 
73 V E G A , GT, Ste. Wag., air, std., 
27,ooomiles, $15oo 732-3592. 
76 Vega GT Wagon, 5 speed, air. assum e paym ents 656 1o59 

BOERNE MOTORS INC j C H R Y S L E R S 
P L Y M O U T H S 
D O D G E and O M C P IC K U P S 
823 No. M ain Boerne 249-3566 
D IR E C T L IN E : 226-55)5 
I 76 C h r y s le r ' C o rd o v a . F u lly equipped, 14,ooo mi. Perfect con clition. $565o, 684 6161 eves. 

735 - CHRYSLER m CHRYSLER 

‘7$ C h ry sle r C ord ob a, loaded, showroom condition, ow ner must sell Bes! otter 494 1572. 
72 661-26o9 Chrysler 4-door hard- lop Cleon! $1375-661 26o9 
'71 C h ry sle r N e w p o rt Custom . iiQO. eau: 53+8927 anytime. 

‘72 C h ry sle r N e w p ort Custom 
Fully loaded. $125o 333-5o15. 
C H R Y S L E R P L Y M O U T H C IT Y 
7ooo NW LO O P 41o at Culebru 
6*4-66)o 

I 

P age 
6-F 

73 ^743 AUTOMOBILES 

San Antonio EXPRESS N E W S — Saturday M oy'l 4 I 9 7 7 ? 

 tlW M l MTO REP<H5 
I i i KRUM MTO MMUS 
?5Z 61IIIUUUToIKPEIBS 
752 BtHtML «BTD BEPHIIIS 
7SZ CtWMt MTO ffiPIIBS 
IS? MMU! MTH BtWIRS l a t a m WH B f HIC 
?5Z ER M I MTO EMUS 
752 6iwnu WTO HPMRS 

J TIRED OF WALKING J 
J 
CREDIT BAD 
* 

WE GUARANTEE THERE 
IS 
* 
A WAY TO SEU YOU A CARI * 
- a* 
7? CHfVY pick up 

71 GMC pitk up 

72GRANO PRIX 

7o LINCOLN CONT 4 dr $1295 J 

68 GMC pick up 

69 MUSI ANG 

71 CHIVY IMPALA 4 d» 

68 VW ? dr 

* 
* 
* 
* a* 
* 
* 
* al­ ai* 
* 
*J* jJ . 71 DODGE 4 dr 

3+ 66 MUSTANG 

$1295 * 
$1295 * 
$1295 * 

 al- 
* st­ at­ al- af af af af af af 
* af af af af af af af 

69 TORO FABIANI HT 

"58 GMC PANEL 

'47 JEEP pick up Awd 

’69 CHEVY MALIBU 

68 CHEVY MALIBU 

7o OOOGE 4k dr 

'68 OLDS 4 dr 

69 CHRYSLER 4 dr 

69 FORD WAGON 

•71 VEGA 
SOUTHSIDE 
MOTORS 
2 8 o 3 S.W . 
M ilitary Dr. 

$1o95 J 
$ 895 af 
$ 795 J 
$ 795 J 
$ 795 J 
S 695 J 
$ 695 af 
$ 595 af 
$ 495 J 
$ 495 J 
$ 495 * 
$ 495 af 
$ 495 J 
$ 495 J 
$ 395 J 
$ 395 * 
* af af af af af af af 

I 
L 
/ 
C 
M 
) 
C 
A 
R 
E 

 r 
S 
A 
F 
E 
T 
Y 
C 
M 
P 

 rn mm 
These Dealers Care 
For Your car. . . 
GAS* 
SEE ONE TODAY 
For Full Service 

■ I E H T X 

QUALITY USED CARS 

FROM OUR RENTAL FLEET 

*76 LTD* 
4 -d o o r................ $4295 

76 CHEVETTES . . . $2895 

'*76 CAMAROS 
2-door...................$4145 

"76 IMPALAS 
Stotron Wagons . . $4595 

"76 MONTE CARLOS 
$4295 

"76 MONARCHS 
4 -d o o r................. $3845 

"76 NOVAS 
4 -d o o r 
. . . . . $3395 
12 mon lh'19,ooo mile (which ever occurs first), power train warranty Ask for details Coll 

8 3 6 - 9 6 * 5 
HCKTX SEK VICI CENTER 

. 
. 1331 SO. 
W erC Zl terminal dr. 

EXIT OH 41o 
IT AIRPONT HYD, 

Independent Garagemen’s 
Association - San Antonio Chapter 

MM, 
PROFESSIONAL 

AUTOMOTIVE 
S S K 
SERVICE 
IGA/ASA 

N ow is the tim e to have your car checked and serviced for the summer months ahead. 

For Professional Car Care see one of the follow ing m em bers of IG A /A S A (In ­ dependent 
G aragem en's 
Association of Texas, inc. and 
A utom otive 
Service 
Association). 

ALAMO 
WINDSHIELD CO. Inc. 
Joye Looney 
1 o 1 2 N a v a rro 
2 2 4 -5 5 8 1 

BECHTOLD 
AUTO SERVICE 
243o BASSE RD. 
344-23o1 

AVERY & COMPANY 
2 1 9 Duval 

2 2 2 -1 3 o 8 

“ V a l v o l i n e O il F i lte r s ” 

C a r C a r e P ro d u cts 

JIM BROWN 
TRANSMISSION 

91 5 N . Alamo 
227-1271 

 c & s 
PLATING & BUMPER 
RECYCLING, INC. 
313 Chestnut 
224-5878 
Bert Lindsey, III 

DEAN COLEY 
AUTO SERVICE 

183o Jackson-Keller 
344-4671 

TAKE OVI 
PAYMENTS 
AND ASSUME BALANCE 
27 other tars to choose from 
Most have on and power 

Partial list 
Bal. 

73 CUTLASS 
Supreme 
$2182 

67 DATSUN 
$ 597 

74 CHIVY Impolo 
$1487 

69 OPEL 
$ 396 

'69 fORD Squire 
Wogon 
$ 461 

! 7 6 E l SOw tamper $5486 

7? DODGE Von 
$1o81 

73 PONTIAC Catalina $1586 

74 GRAND PRIX 
$3142 
[ TS ROVA 
$1981 
74 RANGERS XLI 
$2792 
Call 
RICK CARTER 
2 2 2 -1 6 8 5 
2 2 2 -8 6 1 I 
1o25 SAN PEDRO 

7 4 MALIBU 

S tation w a g o n , V8, sta n ­ 

 dard , p o w e r s te e rin g , q it, 

 very clean, ^ 7 8 7 3 8 . 
V?-,V 

* 2 6 9 5 

ANCIRA WINTON | 

1 9 o 1 B R O A D W A Y , 2 2 4 - 3 5 1 6 

735-CHRYSLER 

BOERNE 
MOTORS, INC. 
• MAY SPECIALS • 
• SAVE $15oo • 
1977 NEW YORKER 
BROUGHAM demo stock — 2C8 
4-door All power options AM 
TM 8 track stereo 

• SAVE $16oo • 
1977 NEW YORKER 
EXECUTIVE CAR stock = 2 o 7 2 
7 door with ST REGIS package 
All available options. Including 
SUNROOF 

1977 DODGE VAN 
Stock = 2 12 9 1o9 wheel bose, automatic transmission, power steering 

DISCOUNTED TO S4 8 4 4 
"DRIVE TO 
BOERNE" fa r the Best Deals Anywhere 

On: CHRYSLERS, PLYMOUTHS 
DODGE TRUCKS 4 GMC 
TRUCKS 
823 NO. MAIN BOERNE 
DIRECT S.A. 
226-5515 

Ii C O R D O B A , lo a d e d 
N e w brakes, battery, tires Showroom condition $47oo 688 317S eves 
JACK R E IG E R 
C H R Y S L E R P L Y M O U T H 
581o SAN P E D R O _______ 737 BTH 
'66 N ew Y o r k e r , good ru n n in g condition, a ir, radio. 7 new tires 
ASOP negotiable 347-217i 
__ 

'7? Town and Country Wagon V 
Pass., a ir, pow er *12oo 656-373] 
•72 T o w n a n d C o u n try 9 pus senger, beautiful cond, 
51699 
658-4o86 

HALL'S SPEED & 
AUTO-PAINT & BODY 
4 7 3 5 Rittlm an Rd. 
6 5 3 -6 6 7 2 
Randy E. Hall 

 n o w s 
AUTO CENTER 
1 2 1 2 2 IH 3 5 N o r th 
6 5 4 -o 7 7 8 
R onald M cLeod 
"W e w ont to icrve yow " 

THRASH 
AUTOMOTIVE 
Charles I. Thrash 
4 8 3 4 W est Ave. 
3 4 2 -2 o 8 3 

NORTON HARGIS 
GARAGE 
2o3 Eighth St. 
222-1411 
Owner: Norton Hargis 
Air-Conditioning Specialists 

SCHNEIDER’S 
TIRE SERVICE 
Harry Schneider 
226o W.W. White Rd. 
3 3 3 -9 3 o 1 

JESSE’S 
TUNE UP SERVICE 
Jesse W . Crapse 
37o3-2 Eisenhauer Rd. 
8 2 8 -1 6 5 o 

BILL BANIS 
TEXACO 
B an dera Rd. a t Loop 4 1 o W e s t 
6 8 4 -2 8 2 2 
Bill Banis 

CAVAZOS B 
& SONS 
PAINT 6 BOOT SHOP 
2oo3 CULEBRA 
7 3 2 -9 4 3 2 

G & P 
AUTO PARTS 
4 8 o 5 Roosevelt 
923-2921 
Alton R. W inters 

POPP 
BODY SHOP 
1423 E. Houston 
2 2 7 -8 925 

SLATER 
SERVICE 
1631 N. Laredo 
733-1541 
Jack Slater 

F o r F a s t R e s u l t s 

C a ll 
225-1666 

WE DO C at 
Calvin Graham’s 
MAIN 
UNCOLN-MERCURY 

C o u p o n 

LUBE, OIL & FILTER 
SPECIAL! 

NOW * I 5 
9 5 
REG. $21.95 

INCLUDES: 
M a jo r lu b e , oil filte r, 
5 q u a m of oil. Tax not included. Im po rt ears excluded. 
_ 
_ 

11 23 N. M AIN 2 2 5 -6 5 o 1 
Open 7:3o a.m. to 5:3o 

Monday thru Friday 

MR GooDWRENCH 

— COUPON- 
T R A N S . SER VIC E 
1 4 .9 5 
Replace fluid and gasket. G M Passenger cars only. 

“KEEP THAT GREA T FEELING W IT H G E N U IN E 
G M P A R T S ” 

O ffe r Extended until Sat. 5 -2 1 -7 7 

— COUPON— 
BRAK^5PE^IAL 

“KEEP THAT GREA T FEELING W IT H G E N U IN E 
G M P A R T S ” 
I 
J Replace fron t and rear brake shoes, G M 
Passenger cars only. Disc or Drum Brakes. 

I 
I 
I 

I 
O ffe r Extended until Sat. 5 -2 1 -7 7 

*prt.‘xrrz~c*?n 

— COUPON— 
U ndercoat Special 
1 9 .9 5 

P assenger Cars O n ly 

O ffe r Extended Until Sat., 5 -2 1 -7 7 

ANCI R A-WIN TO N 

•: 
C H E V R O L E T ,,- 
4 3 T N. FLORES 
I 2 2 5 -5 3 3 3 

VOLVO 
OWNERS! 
FREE!! 

 j Lube, Oil Change & Filter 
(includes topping off transmission, rear axle, brake fluid, and battery). 
Oil and filter not included. 

4-CYL. 
Oil & Filter 

6-CYl. 
Oil & Filter 

I 

 gn KUR IMP IKM Mi COUPON 

 i 

■ 

S p * 

?a - 7 m n T M t i i , “ w s rm m 

USED CAR CLEARANCE | 

K 

O 

U 

 p 

6 

73o-743 mOROBILtS 
,/3U 743AUTOMOBILES 
737-FORD 

R E N T -A -C A R 

’76 AMC PACERS............. *33oo 

7 6 AMC GREMLINS........‘2795 

THESE CARS ARE THE G A S S A V IN G 6 CYLINDER AIL 
WITH: 
AIR 
C O N D IT IO N IN G , 
POWER 
STEERING, 
AUTOMATIC, 
SOM E 
W ITH: 
AM -FM 
STEREO, 
LUG­ 
GAGE RACKS SOME W ITH BUCKET SEATS WE HAVE 

12) GREMLINS W ITHO UT POWER 
S O 4 C f i 
STEERING. I W O U LD LET G O A T .................... 
A. J J U 

Ford Fairiane 1965 Auto, o ir, power steering. Nice! 349 4876 
65 Ford Falcon Future 4 dr, 6 
Std, 5395. 674-o458____________ _ 
63 FORD Goloxie 4-door good transportation, $195 774-441o 
, 1977 FORD G AL A X I Et '5oo' 
Clean 
Make reasonable otter. 
775-7111_______________________ 
•73 Ford Gaioxie S175o Beautiful condition Air 435-1641_______ 
■7? FORD GALAX IE SI 195 
Extra nice' oir, outo, 435-1641 
73 Ford Galaxy SOO Good me ch an ica l cond., s lig h t body damage 5975 Atter 5: 656-5377. 
'Ii Ford Oran Torino. V-8, outo, oir, power steering. SI 1oo-777 3914 
'75 Ford LTD Country Squire 9 pass Wagon. Air, power, luggage rack, split bench Power seats, 
AM-FM tope deck 46o engine, new tire s. Tow ing pkg. Very clean 
I 569 4oo7; a fte r 6 
1-569-4o14, Pleasanton 

7 5 FORD LTO 
4-door. Loaded! ...................S3689 
HEMPHILL MCCOMBS 
FORD SOUTHSIDE 
19o1 SW M ilitary 977-6317 

^76 GRAND PRIX’S 

(WE HAVE SEVERAL TO C H O O SE FROM!! W ITH 
VA R Y IN G 
ACCESSORIES. 
SUCH 
AS: 
CRUISE 
CONTRO L. TILT WHEEL, 6 o -4 o BUCKET SEATS, 
ARM 
REST, 
POWER 
W IN D O W S 
(2) 
W ITH 
SU NR OO F. ALL HAVE AM -FM STEREO, M A G S, 

DELUXE MIRRORS, FULL 
INSTRUM ENTATIO N STARTING AT 

72 FORD LTD $115o 
Runs perfect, looks good! 435-1641 

‘44oo 

’76 PONTIAC FIREBIRD ESPRIT 

THIS CAR IS A 
G AS S A V IN G " 6 CYLINDER EN GINE. 
IT 
IS 
EQUIPPED 
W ITH 
POWER 
BRAKES, 
POWER 
STEERING. 
AUTO M ATIC, 
CO NSO LE. 
W ITH 
BUCKET 
SEATS. 
AM -FM 
STEREO, 
DELUXE 
MIRRORS, 
M A G 
WHEELS, 
ACCENT 
STRIPES. 
O N LY 
1 3 ,o o o 
MILES. 
DARK BLUE METALLIC W ITH BLUE LEATHERETTE IN ­ 
TERIOR O N LY O N E T O 
CHO O SE F R O M ............................................ 
*465o 

(2) ’76 CHEVETTES 

LEFT!! THE TEENY W EENY G A S BURNER 4 
S O E “T C 
CYLINDER, 4 SPEED W O U LD Y O U BELIEVE 
/ 3 
/ J 
(N O AIR OF COUPS El___________________________________ 

’76 VEGA 

AUTO MATIC, 
AIR, 
R A DIO , 
ACCENT 

STRIPES. 
THE 
ANSWER 
FOR 
A 
J O F C A 
G R A D U A T E ....................................................................../ . J J U 

’74 F O R D L TD 
Take over paym ents no eaulty coll Credit M anager. 349 6948 
I i FORD TORINO 
_________ 51475. 977-3476__________j 
“74 F o rd W agon. A ir, lo aded, 
85,ooo Hiwov m i Perfect tnt., ex­ ce lle n t m ech. cond. V e ry good tires S78oQ or best otter 435-8777. 
“63 Ford Wagon Good tra n sp o r­ ta tio n k o o k s and ru n s good. 
Small VO, 16 mpg City 
J-spd 
I 633-57o1. 
74 G alaxle 5oo, 37,OOO miles, 4 dr, v in y l lo p. p o w e r s te e rin g and brokes, oir, 519QQ. 473-317o 
! 
76 G R A N A D A , 58oo e a u lty. as­ sume payments. Balance 54o5o. : only 11,ooo m i 937-2583___________j 
'74 O ra n T o rin o 
4 -d o o r, o ir, I power 52o5o Call: 344-5486 
■ 
73 Gran Torino Wagon. Luggage I rack, air, power steering, power ! brakes. AM PM stereo, ra d ia ls, ! excellent. 5735o. 223-3oo6. 494-7373 
72 G ron Torino. A ir, auto., clean : 
Good cond. 5994 684-5358 otter 5 
! 
1976 G R A N T O R IN O S ta tio n I 
W agon. A ir , a u to m a tic 8,ooo miles 
Coll: 
Steve 
Gosner, 
2228611_________________________ 
•74 GRAN T O R IN O , e x c e lle n t, I 
5295o Coll 654-1967. 

HAVE 13 REPOSSESSED 
AUTOMOBILES 
WITH L IT T L E CREDIT 
AND SMALL EQ UITY YOU 
Con T a ke O v e r T he se C a rs 
Today!! 
Call: 
Joe 
Calderon 
322-8611 

I 

1I 
I 
■ 
■I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
■II 

’ 7 /1 D I l l f U ^en,urY- 4 Oooi, Green, White lop, 
/ H b U I L K Radio, 
Automatic, 
Rower Steering, 
Power Brokes, Air, 7o,ooo Miles....................... 

 tw i> m a ftiw j i y Astre, 
Hatchback. 
Green, 
/ J r UN 11 AL Radio, Standard, 4 Cylinder, 
Air, low Miles................................................ 

’ A Q r U D V C I CD NewP°rt- 4 Ooo'' c°PPer 4M 
O Y V.F1K T .H E K Radio, Power Steering, Power 
Brakes, Automatic, Air, I Owner....................... 

I T n ■■ a b i / is# Silver Blue, Silver Blue Vinyl 
I S lY lA K K I V Interior and Top, All Power and 
Air, fully Loaded.......................................... 

’ 7 9 f l i T M W 
2 Door. Brown White Vinyl i d . L il t VY Top, 
Radio, 
Automatic, 
Power 
Steering, Power Brakes, Air........................... 

'329o 

199o 

99o 

'499o 

I © 

" * o s t * 
! 

TOYOTA OWNERS TUNE-UP SPECIAL 
J 

$ | y 9 s * o 

(•WITH THIS C O U P O N - 4 CYLINDER VEHICLES ONLY) 
U 
INCLUDES 
P 

ET NEW SPARK PLUGS AN D POINTS 
O 
GST NEW CO NDENSO R 
OS' REHME ENG INE A N D RESET DWELL 
N 
Gar ALL NO R M AL LABOR COSTS 
S 
ALAMO TOYOTA f 
“THE SATISFIERS” 
| 
514 N.E. Loop 4 1 o Across From A irport ■[ 
GEHR EXPIRES 5 /3 1 /7 7 
J j 

COUPON I 

* 4 
. 9 
8 

* 6 
. 2 
o 

We will also check your engine, drive train, brakes, shocks & tires 
FREE! 

Drop by & see our new facilities 

& bring this AD. 

(Offer Good Thru May 31, 1977) 

P arfc, T e n V o lv o 

IH SCOUT DEALER 
Authorized Sales, Service & Parts 
PH. 732-2143 
W o n d e r la n d e x i t 

COUPON 

Mercedes-Benz Only 
AIR CONDITIONER SERVICE 

1 6 . 8 8 
SPECIAL PRICE 
$ 
Reg. Price $ 24.oo 

C le a n 
C o n d e n s e r 
F in s — A d ju s t b e lts 
— t ig h t e n f it tin g s - — C h e c k 
S y s te m f o r le a k s — R e fr ig e r a n t e x t r a if n e e d e d . 

(P r e s e n t this coupon) 

COUPON 

7 5 BUICK 
Skyhook, Hatchback, dord, 6 Cylinder, A ir.. 
Radio. Stnn- 
'195o 

'289o 

73o 743 AUTOMOBILES 
.1 

Mercedes-Benz Only 
FRONT-END ALIGNMENT 

SPECIAL 
S I A l i f t 
Reg. Price $ 24.oo 
I 

C h e c k a n d A d ju s t C a s te r, C a m b e r a n d T o e In . 

(P resent this coupon) 

 i 7 a r n n m 2ooo Bro" n. Hotiio, Stun- s n n c n 
74 CAPRI dard, ak............................... 
225o 

* 7 9 M i n n i e 2 Door, White, Brown Vinyl Top, 
/ S In A KU IJ Radio, 
Automatic, 
Power 
Sleeting, Power Brokes, Ait................................... 

1 7 9 i i i i r n i u 
Continental 
4 
Doot, 
Green, 
/ O I I N L U L N White Vinyl Top, fully Loaded, 
All Power and Air................................................ 

>7 i. I i i i r n i i i Conlmentoi 
2 
Doot, 
Creom, 
/ o L I I M L U I N Creom Vinyl Top, fully looded, 
All Power and Air................................................ 

* 7 r 1 1s i r / M k i Continental 7 Door, Blue, White 
I J M N L U L N Vinyl Top. White Leather, In 

GRADUATION 

Dependable f n m 
A i r ftagggj j r t U A L ) r a n 
• (2 Days Only) • 

 terior, fully loaded. All Power and Air. 

’ 7 r na a n i / i i i 
Green, Dork Green Vinyl 
I J mAKK IV Top, All Power ond An, fully loaded. 

’76 COUGAR XR-7 STS.?Z n fM Stereo, Automatic, Power Steering, Power 
Brakes. Ait............................................. ■............... 

* 7 9 m o n 
4 ^oot' wll,,e Vmyl *op“ 
I S rUKU Radio, Automatic, Power Steering, 
Power Blokes, Air.............................................. 

<7 r r n n n Thunderbird. Silver. Silver Vinyl lop, 
I J rU KU Sun Roof, fully loaded, All Power And 

'269o 

'339o 

'785o 

'655o 

'779o 

'459o 

'2o9o 

75 CORDOBA 

75 CORDOBA 

76 CORDOBA 
=9o31 

Automatic, oir, power seeering, power brokes, =P9o27 .............. 

Automatic, air, power seeering, loaded, =P9o26 ....................... 

Automatic, oir, power steering, power brokes, "A Real Beauty", 

Stondord, oir, 
Mileage Saver", nice co 
=P9ooI 
“73 DODGE COIT 

’76 PLYMOUTH DUSTER! ^ ed, 9,ooo miles vinyl roof, load- 

“76 DODGE B2oo 2°"ooo m^a* d«P996?n 

VS PLYMOUTH DUSTER w S ""Z top, =P994I 
......................................... 

75 DODGE CORONET S W S : SS 

'4295 

'4495 

'5495 
'1495 

'3395 

'4295 

'2995 

 or- V —- -VT V W sep. - W -w * 7 « f tup, YtllTt IUUI, luuq- it A « /Mk cd, 26,ooo miles. 
'3195 

76 DODGE ASPEN ILK 
=P9946 
'3895 

Air. 

' 7 9 r s i n r Coronado, Gold, Gold Vinyl Top, fully 
73 QID J Loaded.......................................... 

* 7 o r U E \ / V Concours 
Station 
Wagon, 
Blue, 
/ L L i l t V T Radio, Automatic, Power Steering, 
Power Brakes, Air.......................................... 

75 BUICK 
Au........... 

Riviera, White, White Vinyl Top, fully 
Loaded, 
All 
Power and 

'529o 

'249o 

'2o5o 

'539o 

74 PLYMOUTH DUSTER w J J S f t 
«1238A 
1 
'2395 

MISSION CITY IMPORTS, INC. 
3 8 2 o SAN PEDRO • 7 3 6 -2 2 4 3 

748 ClSSMOBfLE 

‘72 OLDS Delta 88 2-door hardtop, e x tra clean, a il pow er, fa c to ry air, $1495. 9o®ofinancing available 
224-441o 
'75 Olds Delta 88. Low m ileage. 
Excellent cond Loaded. 828-8626 
73 OLDS Delta 88 5o,ooo m i. Good cond. $2o95 696 3816 
“7o Olds F85, needs w o rk 
$6oo 
653-o485 after 3 pm. 
“73 Olds '88' H.T. 5159S, Loaded 
Clean Can finance 435-1641 
OLDS ■88\ 72. 4o,ooo m iles. Like new! $15o3. or take up paym ents 
Call: 225-65o1, must ask for Don 
Holtz 
■68 Oldsmobtle Vista C ruiser, exc cond, pow er, a ir, new ra d ia ls , 
73,ooo mi. $1125. 1-899-26o1. 
‘ 76 
O lds 
O m eg a 
4 d r , low mileage. $3855. Coll: 661-6498. 
1974 OLDS '88' $1788, or take up paym ents. C o ll: 225-65o1, m ust ask for Don Holtz 

7 4 1 - PLYMOUTH 

•74 Plym outh S atellite 
Buckets, v in y l to o . a ir , D o w e r. $195o. 
688-3213 ofter 6pm _______________ 
•72 Plymouth Satellite, 2-door, ou- to, air, 57oo. 734-36o3 o fte r 2 PM 

1973 P lym o uth S a tte lite w agon, 
V8, air, disc brakes, ra d ia ls, au­ tomatic. $1,ooo. Dick 432-7895 
'75 PLYMOUTH V A L IA N T 6 CVI 
Fu lly Equipped. 17,ooo M iles. I 
Owner. 684-3719. 
'7o Satellite, low m ile a g e , good cond, by owner. $85o. 696-14o5 
•64 Valiant, new sta rte r, a lte rn a ­ to r; 6 cyl 2o mpg, outo, $25o 
922-9o89, 

742 PONTIAC 

•68 Bonneville, good tra n s p o rta ­ tion, $5oo or best ofter. Call a fte r 4 pm weekdays. 828-6558 

'76 Olds 98 R egency. F ire m is t 
B u rg o n d v , lo a d e d . $72oo. M r. 
King: 684-222o, 735-o2o2 
75 Olds S ta rfire Sports Coupe, std, air, radio S2»9$ 69o-3975 
'75 Olds Starfire. V6, radio, no air. 
17,ooo miles. Looks and runs like new! *23oo. 494-6563 a fte r 5:3o; anytim e weekends 
•72 Olds T oronado, w h ite -b la ck vinyl top. 55,ooo miles, new steel belted radia ls, A M -F M stereo 8 track, air + all Dower $1595. Call 
M r Fielder 534-1628, 923-4366 

$5oo 
•68 OLDS TORONADO 
653-7o96 
; 
NORTH STAR DODGE 
7245 San Pedro 
341 - 2 2 5 7 

739 ■ MERCURY 

‘76 Comet 2-dr., 6,ooo miles. Air, power, 3-speed. AM -FM , like new! 
$2995 656-537o 

736-DODGE 

‘75 Coronet Brougham 4 dr, vinyl 
'too- om-fm quad with tope deck, air, power, 318 VS. low mileage, extra clean. 655-4473 

3UDGET RENT A CAR FLEET SALES! 
3 38 N E , LOOP 4 1 o SAN A N TO N IO , TEX A* 
SEL DON HAM! n m m anager 
3 4 9 - 4 4 4 1 1 

 t'73 Dart, foe a ir auto, V 6, 48,ooo mi, $235o. 653-8392 

-7o Dodqe Challenger RT 383 VS auto., $995. 344-31oo. 

74 D art Swinger. 6 cyl., good gas 
E xce lle n t cond 
Loaded R etail 
$275o; w ill luke $2495. 194-6333 
I 

Dodge Challenger 1973. White rn side ond out. Autom atic, air con d ro n in g A ll power Mags, AM 
FM. New fires. 529oo. M ornings: 
342-1oo5 or 69o-1893 
{Dodge C harger 73. Mags. $21oo 
Coll: 349-6656 

•72 Dodge Coronet Wagon. Auto, o ir 
A ll p o w e r, ro o f ra c k 
$195o-661-3994 anytim e. 
76 Dodge Coronet Wogon, 36o V-8, a ir, radio, power, cruise control ond m ore, $349$. 734-51o1, SAM to 
6PM. 
_____________ __ 
‘75 Dodge D art, auto, air, cruise 
Best Otter. 349-59o2, 342-588o. 
•73 Dodge Polaro, auto, a ir, nice, by owner, $1695. 625-o523.________ 
1968 Dodge, pow er, a ir, I- owner. 
826-9565, 695-8o56 
_ _ _ _ _ 
•7o Dodge station wagon, a ir cond p o w e r s te e rin g a n d b ra k e s 
A u to m a tic 
Low m ile a g e Good condition 674-o458 
________ 

736 DODGE 

RARE 68 DODGE SUPER BEE. 
With extras. $14oo. Call: 337-8148. 
•69 SUPER BEE 
Fully loaded, factory mags, in te r­ ior im m aculate $995. 337-58o2 

 ll 73 LTD, clean, 4 dr, all power, cruis o-motic, air, 2 bbl. carbure­ tor, regular gas, I owner. $1695 
342-o367________________________ 
'75 LTD 2 dr fully euuiooed, ex­ cellent cond 342 74o8, 433 1611 
71 LTD P ow er a ir, exce lle n t cond Must sell! $1 195 532-7494 
7o M a v e ric k , a ir, radio , auto, steel radials, must sell now! Make o tte r. 226-4) 1 ) d a y s , 681-2965 nights and weekends.____________ n in e 
TS M averick 2-door 6, autom atic 
Loaded? A iiia m o tiC /a ir 
. , 
$438” s <245o Can* 
H E M P H ILL MCCOMBS 
1 

K IN S E L Eo rd -M ercu ry I NORTH PARK 
Pleasanton, S A. Phone 626-2791 
^ 
| | 
| 
■ 
J 
11j | :f J IT l l 

 k 

9 2 o 7 SAN PEDRO 
PHONE: 
3 4 1-88 41 

•76 Comet, 4 dr, power, a ir, radio, auto 673-o562 925-2o57 

74o • OLDSMOBILE 

7 3 COUGAR $1995 
A ir, outo, vinyl too. 435-1641 
•68 COUGAR 2-dr. Hardtop 
KIN N EY MOTORS 
3928 Broadway 
828-2213 

737 FORD 
M USTANG, standard, '69. Good condition 654-6791 

7 4 ELITE 

67 Mustang 6 std. New tires, new point. $115o After 6: 1-742-36o1 

737 FORD 

FORD SOUTHSIDE 
19o1 SW M ilita ry 922-6317 

BANK REPOSSESSIONS 
A V A ILA B LE 
Take ut) payment', with qualified credit Applications accented by chard Moreno, 222-8611 
Phone No application refused 
IT T a I cri'm 
217-141$ 

‘76 Elite. 1o,ooo mi., Im m aculate 
18 m pg, c ru is e 
M ust sell th is week $44oo. 656-1965 734 o311 
1976 E L IT E 
P o w e r and a ir. 
B eautiful blue on blue. C all: Ri- 

! 74 M averick 
2-dr., 6 cyl. Auto., 
Oir, 523oo. 349-4o73; 656-32o8. 
I 74 M averick, power air, AM-FM, 
Will trode, owner, $2,495. 349-2274 
•71 M A V E R IC K , 3o2 VS factory 
Oir, $1395. 226-o291, 226-o292 
66 MUSTANG, air, new tires, au­ to, new m otor. 658-8884 

’73 M U S T A N G 
Take over paym ents, no equity, coll Credit Manager, 349-948 
‘65 MUSTANG VS. standard, runs good $295. 224-441o 

MR 
EARL 
•125 Cash. 684 4735 

BIG COUNTRY FORD 
San Antonio 
Call: 227-o86o 

M UST S E LL 1975 P into Squire 
Wagon. V6, autom atic, o ir condi­ tio n e d , 
A M -F M s te re o , lo w mileage, $3195.oo or best ofter. 
1-512-625-9239__________________ 

Pickup paym ents on my 1976 Pin- 
•72 MUSTANG C O N V E R T IB LE ,; to Call Herb 225-79o9 
_ new too, tire s , and m a g s; 3511 '71 Pinto, auto, air, 28 mpg, recent 
CJevetand auto, power, oir, $35oo overhaul, $12oo. 655-9235 

VJJlXa. COUGAR X R 7 A u to m a tic tra n s m is s io n , po w e r s te e rin g , 
___________________ foctory oir conditioning. AM -FM 
73 P into S q u ire station wogon. I stereo tape Cruise control, Sport 
57,ooo mi, $11oo aft 5 699-1359 wheels, ' i vinyl top. E xtra, extra clean! 8727 A irp o rt Blvd. 341-8211 
•7o Cougar XR-7 Clean, excellent cond $1395. Days: 655-1 171 ; atter 
6: 653 8455 

Clean 1976 Used Cars At: 
BUDGET RENT A CAR-349-4443 
338 N.E. Loop 41o at A irp o rt Blvd 
•73 Custom C ru ise r W agon. Ex- tras, well m aintained. 824-9721. 
•76 C utlass B ro u g h a m , lo aded, extras. $5ooo or best otter 349-2911 
CUTLASS C O N V E R T IB L E '72. 
Gold. $3ooo firm . Fred: 342-2332; 
826-4814. 
•74 Cutlass Custom C ruiser 9 pas­ senger. a ll cow er, fu lly loaded, 
$3ooo firm . 824-9673, 8om-5pm. 
■72 CUTLASS 4-door $1195. Fine condition! A ir. 435-1641 

‘71 Olds T o ro n a d o 
L oo ks lik e new 
Excellent condition. $1595. 
655-2947. 
•76 Olds T o ro n a d o B ro u g h a m . 
Fullv loaded, low m i. 
$6795. 
492-2895. 
'68 Olds Vi*to Cruiser. A ir, power, outo. Priced to sell! 342-5887 
Owner must sell '75 Olds Cutlass 
S. approx 26,ooo miles, excellent condition. 684-78o9 ofter 6. 
Toke over payments, no equity 7b 
- - 
- - 
- - 
-76o6 
“ 
Olds Cutlass. Call 
824 
7: 494-5734 atter 

1972 TORONADO. doctors wifes c a r, a ll o o w e r, lo cks and w in ­ dows, pow er seat, a ir, tow m i. 
Very clean. 344-4697 atter 6PM. 
•71 Toronado good running cond good tires. $795 648-23o1 

Take up paym ents on m y 1976 I 
Granada. Call Herb 225-79o9. 
•64 T BIRD 
GOOD CONDITION 658-9269 

72 Cutlass, good cond , $21oo, no equity. 732-356o o fte r 4 pm. 
•72 C U T L A S S , LOW M IL E S 
828-6355, ofter 7 >696-o3o3 

•74 Cougar XR-7. Loaded. $385o 
'7 5 T H U N D E R B I R D 
Coll: 344-97o6, 6 p.m. to 9 p.m. 
Take over paym ents, no eou ity, 
1972, COUGAR XR7. LO A D E D !! call Credit Manager, 349-6948 
; Take up payments, c a ll; 225-65o1, 

7 4 TORINO. SI 595 
_________ 68o3 S. Flores__________ 
69 T o rin o W agon. P o w er, o ir, auto., 351 V8. $895 653-2oo3 

738 LINCOLN 

 m u tt ask for Don Holtz 

‘76 M a rq u is , d a rk b ro w n , less than 13,ooo miles, 2 dr, m any ex­ tra s , m ust see to a p p re c ia te . 
$5295. 684-5773 after 5 pm. 

1968 Chelbv Cobra GT5oo. orig in ­ al, excellent condition, new 429, 
$38oo firm , 91S-673-243o. 

•68 Ford Custom, economical, 24o 
- VI------- ----------------a s s i a a co in , 6 cyl. eng. Stand, new tires, 
Z f Melissa oft 77oo blk Blanco 
197$ PINTO, autom atic, J . BHP 
$55o. 494-5934________________________ 
— 
- ■ d itio n e d 
L u x u ry d e co r g ro u p 
66 M ustang Fastback, 289, new E conom ical b e a u ty !! C o ll: ED- 

CONVERTIBLE 

74 Ford Elite auto, air am-fm, p o w e r w in d o w s, p o w e r seats, 
I cruise control, tilt wheel, factory m ags, v in y l ro o t, 3o,ooo m iles, i $3995 927-6582. 

 fires, low m ileage 922-4134 
OEHOUSE, 222-8611 

'67 Fairiane VS, auto, tires, power too. $25oo. 432 3o42,494-1922. 
C onvertible ‘71 Torino GT M int condition 
$21oo. 
By owner. 
349-3461 

GAS SA VER ! '73 DART 
Hardtop, 42,ooo m i. 822-9222 
66 Pol ara, lo aded, ru n s good, good 2nd ca r, $45o 655-94o8 aff 5 

75 E lite . Im m a c u la te !. E x tra loaded. 735-3372, 733-746! arter 6 

FO R FAST RESULTS 
PEACE Y O U R W A N T AO 

I N THE EXPR ES S N E W S 
CAII 225-1666 

FORD E L IT E 2 door 76 B rand 
Call: 333-6o41 or 333-oo64 new c o n d itio n . Low m ile s . In 
75 M u s to n g V l C h ia 
Loaded g ro u p . 
W ire , $2295. Call: 824 4214, 342-8922 

 sell for $48oo. Blue book: $56oo 
Call: 225-65o1 must ask tor Don 
H olt! 

•65 Mustang Fastback. Collector's 
76 P in to . 2 -door, a ir, h e a te r, 
Item ! $1295. Call 494-6356 radio Excellent condition. $25oo. 
225-6721.Eves 326 5J94 
7 6 M usta ng ll 
2 d r. h a rd to p 
_____________ 
P in to 2-door 1973-26,5oo m ile s. 
. _______ __ .. 
___________ 
New tires Auto SI5oo-822-39V6 

 lV 7 r is e n ,B » ? k # t<|rlo*nPt» rn ith 1 H 2 L 
824-4214, 342-8922 ~ 
71 PINTO. GOOD CONDITION console AM -FM stereo. P o w e r! „7DSJ ^ " sJ? r5 ,,L S 4,o,oflP,i' ao,°' o tr' I — 
“ i 
’3— ------------------------------ windows, cruise control etc. Will 
Power, $27oo, 433-7283, 436-o923 
75 P in to R u n a b o u t. L o a d e d , 
■77 MUSTANG ll, 6,ooo mT 
Sacrifice! $195o. Coll 533-337o loaded 344-8527- 494-7876 eves 
76 P into Runabout, a ir, oow er 
•72 M ustang M ach I "a i'.»» steering, under 3ooo mc 437 J313 
Excellent 923-2525, otter 5:3o p m 
73 P IN T O , 4 speed, real nice 
71 Mustang M ach I. 3o2 VS, std, 
4y* - 5 3 t 3 . __________________ 
“ ' r ' Po* * 1' • ajm P B lik e n e w ! ; 72 Pinto, 4 speed, air, new tires, I owner, now $2495 341-2933 owner, 5895 cosh 826 oo64___ 

1976 FO RD E L IT E , L o a d e d ! 
826-9565, 695-8o56 
69 Ford F a iria n e W agon. New eng., $5oo. Coll 1-438-7286.________ 

1967 L in co ln C o ntinental, $6oo. 
------------- - 1965 C h rysle r $35o V erv clean, r°« rn °n ! 9oot* condition, 534-574o_________ r 
- jj L IN C O L N C o n tin e n ta l, a ll p o w e r, g o ld and w h ite , b la c k leather Interior. 696-9757 
Lincoln M ark IV ‘76, rose on rose, 
19,ooo miles 595oo 824-6254; after 
4 and weekends, 344-7747.________ 
75 LINCOLN MARK IV, I owner, all white Lipstick white in terio r 
Am -fm stereo tape deck. M ichelin tires, all electric accessories. Top condition. 227-3441 weekdays only 
•73 M ark iv , $48oo '74 Continental 
S edan, $45oo. ‘ 7o C o n tin e n ta l 
Sedan, $15oo Individual. 344-3oo1. 
'73 M ark IV E xtra nice Sunroof, looded $51oo Call: 494-6157 

1971 MARQUIS 2-door-AII power. 
A l condition Most beautiful 71 in town. Call: Bob Puente, 222-8611 
7 5 M a ra u is . 4 -d r., v in y l too- power, air, AM -FM stereo $445o 
658-6o78 atter 5 p.m. 

‘76 Cutlass Supreme, loaded, orig owner, good buy 691-16o8________ 
’73 C utlass S u pre m e, 1-o w n e r. 
Excellent 
828-6355, after 
7 >496-o3o3 

73 TORONADO Hardtop, L u xu ry co u p e , e x tra c le a n , fu lly equipped. AH power, fa cto ry air. must see to appreciate. $1995. 9o°o financing available. 224-441o 
72 Toronado loaded, clean good cond. $1995 333-5355 or 534 554o 
‘68 TORONADO, very good con­ dition $12oo 674-3o83 

•77 Bonneville B rougham . Black on black. Loaded! 
4,ooo m iles 
$695o-1-899-2o65__________________ 
'67 Catalina 2 dr hardtop, excel­ lent throughout 555o 826-2485 
•7o C A TALIN A 
Fully loaded. Im m aculate in and out. 
Perfect la d y '! car. 
$895 
337-58o2 

‘74 D U S T E R , $2195. or best otter, 22,ooo m l, outo, air, power. 494-23o8 
77 F ireb ird E sp rit, loaded best otter over $5ooo 333-1841 
72 FIRE BIR D , loaded, e xtra nice 
$2295. 924-6416 
•72 F ire b ird . L o a d e d ! C le a n 
828-6355, after 7 >696-o3o3 
‘72 F IR E B IR D , lo a d e d . A u to , clean. 51695. 733-8o76 
1976 FIR E B IR D . 1-owner. Load­ ed. 826-9656, 695-8o56 
1973 FIREIR D, 1-owner. Loaded! 
826-9565, 695-8o56 
G ra n d P rix ‘73. Im m a c u la te ! 
44,ooo miles, power, a ir. V in yl top. 
1-625-6132. 
‘74 Grand Prix. Loaded, A M -FM stereo. E xtra, extra clean inside and out! $3685. 494-6684. 
'75 
G ra n d 
P r ix , 
L O A D E D ! 
828-6355, Otter 7>696-o3o3 
■72 
G ra n 
P r ix , condition. 
Loaded. 
342-358o. 

E x c e lle n t 
Best ofter 

•67 Gran P rix. Loaded, I ow ner 
Excellent cond. $795. 655-3o38 
•74 G RAN P R IX , lo aded, nice 
Take up payments, 924-6671______ 
‘74 Gran P rix SJ. loaded, I owner, 
$3695. 225-5493; 826 2377__________ 

'76 G R A N P R I X 
Toke over paym ents, no equity 
Call Credit Manager, 349-6948 

•74 Cutlass Supreme. Very clean! 
828-6355, after 7 >696-o3o3 
•74 Cutlass Supreme, landau roof# bucket seots, mag wheels, ve ry 
Cleon. 734-49)7 anytim e 
•75 Cutlass Supreme, sharp, mony extras, I owner $43oo 659 1 187 
•7o Cutlass SX 455 vin yl top, power windows, 2 dr $15oo 349-7o77. 

•74 MARQUIS WAGON 
S2675 
684-2192 
•76 M e rc u ry B o b c a t V illa g e r 
Wagon, loaded w ith all options 
Below blue book, $3675. 675-o765 
75 M ercury Colony Park Wagon. 
Looded $3975 222-1342. 
•76 M ercury Cougar XR7, loaded. 
$52oo, 732 2632 anytim e._________ 
■75 M ercu ry Cougar M ust sell! 
$3775. Call. 222 1342.____________ 
■72 MERCURY MARQUIS $1195 air, outo. very clean 435-1641 
________________________________ "74 M ontego M X I A ir" A M -F M 
M AR K IV 74. Loaded, excellent stereo, vinyl top, power. $27oo. 

Going overseas, must sell ‘76 To­ rn a d o loaded best ofter 673-1492 
Hertz Is Selling Quality 
Used Cors From Our Rental Fleet 
(1976 Used) 
1331 SOUTH T E R M IN A L 
For Inform ation Call: 826-9665 
1968 Olds '9 8 \ 455. A ir. P o w er brakes, steering, windows, seats. 
$6oo 736-47o4 
71 OLDS 88 $1575 
C A LL: 922-3426 

1976 Torondo B rougham , stilt in w arranty, 7,ooo m iles, fu lly loaded in c lu d in g a m -fm ta p e , c ru is e , p o w e r se a ts a n d w in d o w s , ra d ia ls, m ust sell by M o n d a y ! 
$65oo firm ! 341-19o7 or 226-5526. 

741 PLYMOUTH 

197o DUSTER, 6 cyl. clean. $75o. 
Make otter 732 3824 
‘47 FURY ll 4 door, air, ail pow er, 
$35o 342-7927. 
74 FURY III 2-door $1895 Load ed. Less tfidn loon value 435-1641 
75 Grand Fury Custom Sedan, all extras, cruise, 3o,ooo m i. $2895, by owner 653-67o5 eves 
MUST SELL. 74 Plym outh. Low mileage. $195o. 924-5594 
74 P ly m o u th D u s te r, lo o d e d , 
52495. TOM BENSON IMPORTS, 
95oo Son Pedro, 341-1356 

 condition Call- M i- m i 
494-1569. 

’76 OLDS Cutlass Supreme 
W agon, 17,ooo m i. a ir, ste re o . 
Power locks. 655-74o8 a tte r 6 p.m 
FTaclr YOUR W a n t a'o 
" 
IN THE E X PB E5 5 N E W S 

C A L I 2 2 5 . 1 6 6 6 

71 Plym outh D uster. A ir, auto., p o w e r s te e rin g 
E x tra c le a n . 
$1o9$. 655-6184 after 5:3o. 
‘73 Plymouth Fury III 4 dr sedan 
VB, air, power, $17oo 734-8256. 

•71 L eM ans S p o rt, 2 d r, a u to , power, air, I owner $15oo 695-93S7 
'73 LE MANS, Standard $185o 
226-o291; 226-o292 
‘69 LeM ans W agon. D a m a g e d , mechanically sound. 
$4oo. 
653-15o9. 
LITTLE 74 PONTIAC C A T A LIN - 
A. F A M IL Y SEDAN. GAS SA V ­ 
ING CRUISE CONTROL. CO LD 
A IR . LOW M IL E S . L IK E N EW 
RADIAL TIRES. SUPER C LE A N 
IN AND O U T !! A S K IN G O N LY 
$188o CASH. NO TR AD E . 828-6959 
'72 Luxu ry LeMans, one ow ner, 
4o,ooo miles. 
828-6355, 
Offer 
7 >696-o3o3 
‘ 72 L U X U R Y L E M A N S , 2 -d r. hardtop, loaded, a ir, pow er. Op­ tional. 924-6416 
71 PONTIAC Catalina, 4 door, I owner, extra nice $1o5o. 344-1o76; 
349-1o42 
1976 Pontiac F ire b ird “ E s p rit . 
B e a u tifu l-S te re o , p o w e r, o ir . 
Cherry condition. Call: J A. G a r­ za, 222-8611 

73 P LYM O U TH F u ry III. 4 dr. 
Sedan, good c o n d itio n . $1195. lu lin a . 1-875-2138 

‘76 Pontiac Grand P rix LJ. Load­ ed, low m iles, lik e new. $57oo. 
656-o237 ofter 5 p.m. 
'76 P o n tia c G ro n P r ix , 
‘.goded. 826-9565, 695 8o56 
F u lly 

EXPRlSS-NfWS BOIWS M S 
TEXAS SIZE SAVMGS.I 

7 
I 
I M B C 
& 

* 
• 

NON COMMERCIAL! 

C A M C t U A M J 

 v m m m w 
I t ' 

S 
M 
. 
« M LM .:* mjmmrnm I U w v 
QUICK SCS Ut TS! 

74S - TRUCKS I CSMMEfiCMl naiuiisjasts 
748 - Timcn I CamKICIM 
IMIIHB. BiJSES 
746 TREK I C9MMERCML 
746 - HUCKS I CWIKRtttl 
IMIltK. Wgt________TMttfBS. Busts 

Bonanza 77 special 

W IN N EB A G O CUSTOM 
FIBERGLASS CAMPER COVER 
OR 
FARGO COLOR KEYED 
FIBERGLASS CAMPER 
(YOUR CHOICE) 

' 

7 « n m i i a w B M i m a t h u b 
746 TRO ISICM M BCUl 
TMIiaS. MISTS 

‘I * El Camino, pow er, a ir, a ir shocks, standard Good second car, excellent workhorse. J) ISO 
After I Mn, 732 9392. 

?♦ Ranger k i t , 4X4. Loaded! 
) 2,ooo mites Excellent condition. 
CaH J A Garza, 132 3411 

75 Ford 4, auto air ......... S35?$ 
73 Ford Explorer looded 
5747$ 
73 Ford V-l, auto LIAR 
.51*7* 
293 New Laredo Hwy 924-2211 

SACRIFICE 

7o Ford Bronc©. 4 wheel drive 
Air. Extra clean1 $3ooo-448 (Mao 

IMA Four ton Ford truck with Van bedy 22 OOO total m iles St$oo cash Perfect condition. 424-24*7, 
42*41o4 

75 FORD BRONCO, 4 wheel drive, air, excellent condition 736 42«4, mtts 495 146* 

74 Ford Custom Von. SSI en*., $ matched wheels and tires. CB, 
AM-FM Stereo power steering and brokes, a ir. Special point. 
Call Bill: 8 to $ 453-41*1; after 4: 
69o*494 
72 Ford Econoiine IOO Von! buy, very aeon. 691-16o8 
7$ fo rd Explorer. '» ton. LW. 4 rtandard. 12*95. 65*7265 

 r n 

75 Ford F2$o Crow Cab 826 956$, 
695-8o54_______________ 
1973 Ford F 35o 8ooo GVW plot fo rm tru c k , pow er ste e rin g , 
4 speed, 518oo Dick 432 7895 
1974 Ford *35o 68oo GVW truck chassis, 4-speed, power steering, power brakes. 
523oo 
Dick 
432-7895 

FARGO 
WINNEBAGO 
SHORT WHEEL BASE FLEETSIDE 

★ 2o In Stock of this Price ★ Deluxe 2 Tone ★ Folding seat bock ★ Chrome front bumper ★ Carpet ★ Body Side 
Mouldings (upper and lower) ♦ Scottsdale equipment ★ Knit Vinyl Bench ★ Tinted Glass ★ Ail Weather air con­ ditioning ★ Combination Dome Cargo lamp ★ Front Stabilizer Bar ★ Heavy Duty Rear Springs ★ Vacuum Power 
Brakes ★ 35o 4 BBL Engine * Turbo Hydra Transmission ★ Tilt Steering Wheel Ar Power Steering ★ Metal 
Wheel Covers ★ Electric Clock ★ Windshield Antenna ★ Chromed Grill ★ G78-15/B This. Hwy. Belted 
Whitewalls. 

SALE PRICE *5764 
UST PRICE $6536.25 
LESS BONANZA DISCOUNT $772.25 
•P rices o f o th e r trucks in s to c k , v a ry according to o p tio n a l e q u ip m e n t. 
LONG WHEEL BASE PICKUPS IN STOCK 

/t § J I\ 
A N C IR A 
W IN T O N 
< t M H t J ■ 
N* FLORES 
_■■■__ Aivr roo 
?4sSHW A 
AT m artin X3*^o57 225-533. 
225-5333 

?42 PONTIAC 

Pontioc 74 Oran Ville, excellent m e c h a n ic a l condition 
C oll 
457-oo21 or 341-185o 
Pontiac '67 OTO, auto, air. Very hood! 1-438 7794 
72 Pontiac I eMans. Air, power steering, brakes. Stereo, excel­ lent cond 5135o 735-3552 
1975 Pontiac LeMuns Power, and air P E R FE C T! Coll 
Richard 
Moreno, 727-8611 
___ 
75 P o n tia c Le Mans, looded, 
532V5, TOM BENSON IMPORTS, 
95oo San Pedro, 341-1356 
Pontiac, ’68 LeMans Power, au­ to.. air. $6oo. 333-3764. 
197o Pontiac Sport Lemans, 35o 
Cd.in. 2V, bucke t seats w ith console autom atic, power steer­ ing, air, AM 8 frock Must see to appreciate. 656-6749 
___ 
•76 Sunbird, loaded like new. Best ofter over $31oo. 492-1695 
Take over payments on 76 Bon­ neville Brougham Stereo radio. tape deck, a ll power. D ays: 
975-7491 eves: 494 1165 
19*6 Te m p est Custom 2 door h a rd to p 
V S. standard, a ir. 
Economy car. S5So 734 843) 
65 Tempest Wagon Overhauled 
326 Good transportation. S5oo or best offer 432-6386; 923-7415. 

'76 TRANS AM 
455 cu. in. 4 bbl. 4-speed, all black, a ir, om -fm stereo. 8 track All power, including windows, door locks, tilt wheel $5895 696-6437; 
734 7477 eves, weekends.________ 
75 Trans Am, loaded, SSooo. will talk reasonable otter. 433-7822, 
Clift. 

’76 TRANS AM 
Take over payments, no equity, call Credit Manager, 349-6948 
73 Ventura Hatchback, 35o, air, power steering, 38,ooo mi. Good cond S18oo. 674-58oo 

743 - MISCELLANEOUS MLPS 
67 Cougar $495. '65 Chevy Im ­ pala. Air, $495 71 Gremlin, $795. 
63 Olds, $15o. 656-7478. 
TR ADEW IN D S Auto Sales 
• WE FINANCE* 
3oo3 SW M ILITARY 
922-27o3 
VW D unebuggy M etal body, needs eng. work. Titled. $3oo. 
344-172$ 

744 - CUSTOMIZED CARS, 
SPEED RACING GABS 
PANTERA. LIKE NEW! 165 MPH 
PLUS 828-5511. 

746 • TRUCKS & COMMERCIAL 
TRAILERSJUSES 
ALAMO WHITE TRUCKS 
816 PPOBANDT 
274 2131 

COME SEE... 
THESE SPECIAL SCOUT MODELS 

* Diesel Power mm 
* Fami'Y Cruiser 

. 
... rn. rn 

★ Street Machine 

★ O .R .V . (off road vehicle). 

T g c i w 

 rnSt 
J 

★ R a lly e 
AND THE NEW SS ll COMING SOON 

 lh INTERNATIONAL HARVESTER 
W 1 -3 5 @ R U H M A N R D . parts, sales & service 
- 
715 STEVES AVE. 
J 6 6 1 - 3 5 6 2 
534-5471 

1975 FORD PICK UP 

Automatic, air, power steering, - clean. 
$3795. 
Stock 3x 8631 A. 

N. Flores at Martin 
2 2 5 -5 3 3 3 

A N C IR A W IN T O N 

I 9 o I B R O A D W A Y 
2 2 4 - 5 5 1 6 

76 CHEVY Pickup ') ton CWB, with or without camper $4,ooo. 
626-1544 
'68 Chevy PU, LWB, 327. Stan- hard. Headers $13oo 224-4231, leave message for Mike with 
Arbuckle 
71 Chew Step Van 5WB, 6 cyl. 
Std., good cond $15oo 1-249 3785. 

4 Wheel Drive ■ All Sites 
Brouboch Equipment, 736 )659 
AS IS SPECIALS'’ 
76 FORD MOO pickup. 6 cylinder, standard 7o,ooo miles. New fires 
............................................. $295o 
74 FORD 15o Crew Cob 34o- V-B, 
4-speed Power, clean! — $295o 
1974 DATSUN B2Io 2-door Sedan. 
Lots of miles ....................... $145o 
CAN BE SEEN AT 
6226 SAN PEDRO-344 33o4 
Assume paym ents on my 19/6 
Ford pickup Coll Herb 225-79o9 
77 B LA ZE R ,LOADED! 
826-9565 
695-8o56 
2o’ body Bedel) Reefer 4" insula­ tion, vault doors, insulated installed ............................. $6,ooo 
BEDELL TRAILER CO 
15)o So. Flores 226 63)8 
CENTURY WRECKER 5ALES 
Distributors Century Wreckers 
16o3 NO ALAM O______ 225-6146 
1974 C hevrolet, air, standard 
Very clean! 
828-6355, after 
7 696 o3o3_____________ 
?3~Chevrolet Cheyenne Super IO 
Pickup with Camper shell, 35o VS. extremely clean. $275o. 223-61*1, ext 343 

74 CHEVY Vt T. SI695 
Long Wide. 68o3 S. Flores 
74 CHEVY ’ t ton, auto, air. $2995. call Jim. 6*1-4511______________ 
■74 Chevy I ton, 454, cam per special, auto, air, power steering 
Dual wheels. 649-185o-7: AM-8: 
PM 
74 Chew ' i Ion Custom pickup. 
Loaded, low mileage. Reasona­ ble. 734-48o7 after 4 pm. 
.___ 
•73 Chevy ton. 454 eng., a ir, auto , dual tanks, etc. 12' a ft. 
M obile T raveler camper Roof a ir, toilet, shower, much more. 
$45oo Take trade 458-1235 eves; no answer, try again.___________ 

NoR1H STAR 
DODGE CUTS PRICES 

SPRINGSPECIAISl 

^ 
■ 
‘ 3 9 1 7 
* 
* ! 
A STEAL AT: 

# 8 6 7 o 

•76 Chevy I ton. 454 eng., 4-spd 
428 Nomar 8,ooo lb winch. 4,ooo miles. 674-o548. 
63 CHEVY Pa ton Flatbed, V8. 
13*oo Babcock at Hausman Rd. 
74 Chevy U ton. Loaded! Excel­ lent. 828-6355. after 7:-696 o3o3 
•73 CHEVY 1a ton LWB Cheyenne 
Super, 454 auto. new tires, air, power steering, brakes, lilt wheel, radio. Clean $26oo. 494-53S3 

NEW 1977 Dodge MOO pickup, 6 cylinder, HD radio- tor, direct reading gauges. Excellent for personal or 
Commercial use. 
NORTH STAR DODGE 
724 2 San Pedro 
3 4 1 - 2 251 
• OPEN EVENING S • 

73 Chevrolet C65 with 1976 Hobbs 
25 yd fra ile r. All radial tires, power steering and air. Excellent cond. $13,85o. 227-6542; ofter 6:3o: 
I 779-2591. 
____ __ 
49 Cnevrolet. 25o eng. Nice body. runs good 333 2452 oft 5_________ 

’75 CHEVROLET % 
Ton Cheyenne. V-8, automatic, air power No spin. Dual tonks. 
31 OOO miles.............................*9*95 
JAMISON Mtrs. Seguin, 223 52o1 

•73 CHEVY 'a Ion pickup. 4 cyl, standard. 
New paint. 
$23oo. 
661-4511. 
•7$ Chew ’ i ton pickup. $27oo or make ofter. Coll 349-3121 ______ 
1971 C hew 1 atom V-8. stand. LWB, 
Perfect, $1,495. 655-3391. 

’74 C H E V Y VAN $3995 
Beauville 3o, fully equipped, low mileage. 
Excellent condition. 
494-23o8. 
•74 C h e w Van. V8, a ir, auto, loaded. $4ooo. Call 684-1177 
1971 CHEYENNE Super Loaded! 
826-9565 695-8o54 
___ 

1976 CHEVROLET Vi 
Ton PKkup. LWB Fleetside V-8, automatic, air, and power 
$4*95 
JAMISON Mtrs Sequin. 223-52o1 

1971 Chevrolet. V8, std, air. Good condition $14oo, 341-8379 ______ 
'75 CHEVY BLAZER 
4 wheel d r. blue, white color, om-tm stereo, radio, 8 track tape deck. Will accept trade 
SOUTH TEXAS trailers, 653-4161 
1974 Chevy Custom Id, Loaded! 
826-9565, 695-8o56 
______ 
(2) *71, ( I ) 
69 C hew Dump 
Trucks with Lufkin trailers, all 3, 
$19,ooo 1-456-7266, 1-583-3181. 
72 Chevy Fenderside, 3 speed, standard $12oo. Jim: 661-451). 
•72 Chevy Luv pickup. 4-speeiL 
$165o. Call: 533 337o. 
_____ 
•65 C hew , LWB, automatic, air conditioned 344-9952 aft 4pm 
*3 Chevy Pickup truck, recently overhauled motor, 923-634T_____ 
■67 Chew Pickup- runs good, uses oil. $5oo or best offer. 734-24*9, evenings and weekends 1-755-462* 

•77 CJ7 4WD, auto, air, VS. lots Of extras $595o 659-1449 
Club Wagon, 1976 Ford, A-l con­ dition, looded $6,7oo 661-6496 
63 COR VAIR VAN 
$3oo. CALL: 695-813o 
•76 Custom pickup Loaded, like new. By owner. 653-7723,________ 
•74 Dodge B IOO Sportsman Van. 
No c o n v e rte r, reg gas, ave, mileage New tires, VS, auf., all power, air. $4195. 342-1765.______ 
‘73 Dodge Club Cab D-1oo. SB, mags, tires, extra nice 623-3134 
■76 Dodge M axi Custom Van. 
Moonroof, AM-FM 8-track, CB. 
Low mi., many extras. $76oo. 
684-6895. 
_______ 
67 Dodge pickup. LWB, 44o eng, 
Auto., a ir, positrac tilt wheel, radio, custom paint. Mags, wide tires, bucket seats console. $18oo or best otter. 1-249-3785. 
•75 DODGE Pickup ’ aion 6 stan­ dard, camper shell. Am-fm radio, lope $3)oo. call 69o 1847; 681-29oo 
‘74 Dodge Pickup Club Cab, 39,ooo miles, V8 auto, radio. 661-4314 or 
536-24o9 $32oo 

76 Chevy Pickup, camper shell, carpet, awning platform tor mot­ t l es’, Aftm Spin 661-4)74 
77 Chevy pickup, 'a ton, black, 
Sport Pkg Exira H D. tires. Si'QO equity or trade for ‘7o ElCamino eauifv. 677-2543. 

•74 OODGE R AM CH AR G ER , 
4-wheel dr. power brakes, steer­ ing, auto air, am-fm radio. 39,ooo mi. Asking $39oo. 696-o694_______ 
1976 Dodge Sportsman Royale. 
826-9545, 695 8o56 

GMO V* TON SIERRA CLASSIC 
CREW CAB 

454, V8, air, 95ox16 .5 tires, power steering, aux. fuel tank, big mirrors, 4 speed or automatic trans., 
AM-FM stereo. 
See salesm an fo r best price. 

 blhjcks 

8 8 1 o IH -1 o E a s t 
Phone 661-4511 

‘7$ Dodge Van. A ir, power, VS, auto AM-FM , custom ized int. 
$495o. 675-2934 
•74 Dodge Van, Caopertone, auto, 
P-S, V-*, $2*5o. 6$6-1359 
•7$ Dodge Von. Custom interior. 
27,ooo miles icebox, storage. Best ofter. 342-6717 atter 6: 
'73 Dodge Von Short wheel bose 
Some cam per eqpt. 318. V-8. 
Loaded $2625 735-2o39 
*75 Dodge Van Sportsman Deluxe, 
VB auto, power, air, 8 passenger, low miles, $52oo. 673-883o after 6 pm 
•71 Dodge Van, J«ton, 6 std, air, custom interior. $16oo 695-3355 
•74 Dodge. 4-whl drive Club Cab. 
Loaded, excellent cond Big tires, 
38,ooo mi. Sug. $44oo, asking 
$3795. 658-1696. 

 rn 
BED 
6 yard Water Level Gallon Dump 
Bed. EXC. cond. $71o. 6*5-89o5; 
695-32o5 
1974 E3oo Ford window van, new 
3o2 engine, new power steering, air, trailer hitch, $315o. 
Dick 
432-789$ 

76 EL C A M IN O 
18,ooo actual m iles. Auto. a ir, power windows, till wheel, cruise, swing out soots. Looks like new 
Reduced to 
*4495. coll 
Jim, 
661-4511 

7i ElCamino. 35o, auto., air, Gem top camper. st85o. 657-2oo9. 

DRIVE IN TRUCK SALVAGE 
PICKUP TRUCK PARTS 
2o2 Laredo Hwy. 924-6551, 924-6557 

74 ElCamino. DeLuxe paint, rat- ley whls, tilt whl. air, pwr steer- mg, $3685 brokes. 1-625-3o58 
•67 ElCamino. Low mileage, good cond. $1ooo. 698-2119; 698-1439. 

■75 Dodge ’ aton Van, carpet, tires, m ags, am -fm cassette, $3695. 
Must sell. 734-4749 
__ 
I 

ON A WANI AU 
THI NUMBIR TO CAU 
IS 225-1666 
EXPRESS AND NIWS 

•73 El Commo, Mags, new point, air, good cond. $265o. 435-2517 
68 ElCamino. Orange and white, good cond. $975 firm . 826-35*2. 

1975 Ford F25o, looded! 826 9565, 
695-8o54 
•77 Ford FT5o, radio, a ir, stan­ dard, 6 cylinder, dual ga 
Perfect $415o Col! 698 2616 
77 Ford F-15o Ranger XLT. All power, air. Call: 735 2593._______ 
•7$ Ford F I5o Ranger, air, oufo power. 828-6355, atter 7:-696-o3o3 
‘75 FORD F-1oo 
3o2 V t, a ir, pow er ste e rin g , brakes, financing arranged. Call 
Bubba. 349 6948 
 ed. 828-635$, Ofter 7:-696 o3o3 
73 Ford LWB 6 cyl, standard, 
$185o 655-3447. 
76 FORD LWB, 6 standard. $335o 
822-99T* 
•S4 Ford Pickup, '69 Chevy 327 engine, new brakes, good shape. 
484-3644, *98 2o75. 
68 FORD Pickup SWS, VS stan­ dard. factory air, power steering, 
$115o. 344-1o76 ; 349-1o42 
6* Ford pickup, new engine, out, 
$8oo. *53-o485 atter 3pm 
75 Ford Ranchero GT, full power, tilt, cruise control, am-fm stereo tope $4195. 49o 1132. 
•75 FORD RANGER Pickup 1 aton, 
39o, posi-troc, all power, air, CB, am-fm, 8 track stereo, all terrain tires. 684-5991 
'74 Ford Ranger XLT, fully load­ ed, also has factory Ford camper, 
$349$. 922-o184 
‘71 Ford Ranger 'aton pickup, 
F1oo 36o. auto, pow er, radio, heater, steel ra d ia ls. $34-5168 otter $ pm. 
____ 
•69 Ford Ranger. Factory air, camper cover. $1o95 494-6753. 
Fords-Chevys, 2-2' a Tons 
23o1 NOGALITOS 
534-6711 

’76 FORD SUPER CAB 
Take over payments, no equity, call Credit Manager, 349-6948 
•76 FORD Super Cab, J«ton, 4 speed, a ir, pow er s te e rin g , brakes, deluxe cam per shell. 
13.ooo mi. $5975 call Bort Daugh­ erty. 349-6948 _________ 
75 Ford 7» ton F-25o Super Cab 
Air, power steering, AM-FM ster­ eo cassette. Auto. Must sell! Atter 
5: 473-1o3* 
•76 Ford 'alan pickup. Radio, air, 
V8 $47oo 344-o99* after 9 p.m. 
•67 FORD^xton pickup, auto VS, 
$995. 226-o291, 226-o292 
‘64 Ford Van, $475. 349-9475 after 5 pm. 
1973 FORD VAN , a ir , auto. 
826-9565, *95-8o56 
•67 Ford Von 
$1,29o 
71 Chevy Van 
$1,85o 
325o S. W. M ILITARY 
•74 Ford Van, very clean, will sell cheap. 532-5o77._____ 
1974 Ford 4 wheel drive, winch, 
I owner 826-9565, 6*5 8o56 
•73 Ford window van, excellent condition. $2795. 824-6o76 
Ii FORD Window von. v8. auto 
$285o, Jim, 641-4511 
•75 FORD WINDOW VAN, Custom interior S45oo call Jim. 661-4511 
1975 Ford XLT F 15o Supercob. power and air, 36oV 8. dual ex­ haust, full width back seat, 22,ooo mi. Show room condition. Must sell. 667-1oo3 atter 5 
197o Ford X LT p ic k u p w ith 
Camper. A-l condition, loaded. I owner. 433-6oo3, 433-2424. 
73 F-35o Ranger. Excellent con­ dition. Loaded. 3 tanks, camper shell 698-2298 
1975 GENTLEMAN JIM Sierra 
C lassic- Wide O vals, fa c to ry mags. Gauges, buckets- stereo. 
Call: Steve Broomall, 222-8611 
1972 GMC, long bed. Make rea­ sonable ofter. 225-71 11 
•65 GMC pickup, excellent condi­ tion $8oo. 223-5493. 
1973 GMC Sierra Grande. Fully loaded. 826-9565, 695-8o56 
74 GMC Sierra, LWB, AM 8 track and CB, excellent condition, $36oo 
675-91o1 
________ 
______ 
74 GMC Sierra ton, power, air, 
AM-FM, owner, $2,985. 349-2274. 
72 GMC, I ton flatbed, 4-speed, 
35o VB, power steering, radio, heater. 7o gal. saddle tank $17oo. 
635-8685 
_____ 
76 GMC 'a ton pickup Sierra 
Classic. Loaded. $5295. 4345744. 
•77 GMC Van. loaded, $8ooo or equity and take over pymts, 
673-1o57 
GRANDE FORD TRUCK SALES 
IH1o and W W. White Rood 
641-4121 
In te rn a tio n a l T ru c k s 
715 sieves Ave. 
534-54 71 
•74 IN TE R N A TIO N AL SCOUT, 
4-wheel dr. auto, air, 
$395o. 
*61-4511 
•71 IN T E R N A T IO N A L , I'a to n 
Hotbed $95o. call Jim 6*1-45)1 
•65 International bus, 66 seat cap , 
Good condition. Call 512-374-318o or 512-374-3993 night. $3,ooo 
•7o International Scout, auto, good condition, low mi. *81-o866 
1967 International 16oo Series, 14' 
Ilatbd with 2ooo ib cap Elec. lift tailgate. $125o. 695-9218; 695-32o5 
73 International tra v e lo g a ir, power, auto, towelng package, radio, heater. Call 675-2oo6 even- ings or weekends. 

58 International pickuprSustom inside and o ut! M u st see to appreciate. 6*5-o429 
•73 International 191o-E Fleetstar with 2o’ Tee© re frige ra te d box and propane T h e rm o kin g re ­ frig e ra tio n u n it model MT-2o. 
S49-V8 5 speed with 2 speed split axle. ISO gal gas capacity, good tires. Empty weight 19,3oo lb., load capacity 2844o rn. $75oo. Call 
Sam, 1-837 5*1o, Mon. Fri. 
■7o Int l Travel-All, 49,ooo ml. Steel belt radials, V-8, auto, power, air. 
1-625-4985 
•73 intn'i Crew Cab, 4 wheel drive. 
Only 4o,ooo miles. 222-1342 
•65 INTN'L." pickup with camper shell, boat rack Rebuilt trans., clutch, brakes. $95o. CHEYENNE 
BLAZER 
74. 
Loaded, 
S61So. 
*9o-o727 
7TTO p T.' la tbm'T T I eng'., 'a ir, auto. $17oo. M ake o ffe r, take trade. 45o-123$ eves., no answer, try again, 
73 in t’nl. U ton p icku p , w ith 
Camper Shell. S27QO. 658-3951. 
'67 intn'i. Va ton Post Office Van. 
Will trade fo r pickup of equal value. 923-1413; 923-8678. 
17* Jeep dJ5, air, radio, 13,ooo+ miles, new cond, S465o 69o-1967. 
JEEP, 197* CJ-5. Perfect condi- 
♦ion, mony extras. S44oo. 734-5844. 
•7 5 Jeep Renegade.'364, V-8 $52oo 
492-2114 6*4-o773 atter 6: 

•75 Ford Club Cab ** ton pickup 
4 sod $365o $33-337o 
•76 Ford C ourier w ith paneled gooseneck Camper cover AM- 
FM radio, 79oo mi. $34oo 675-o287 

LARGE ASSORTMENT LATE 
MODEL HEAVY DUTY 
DIESEL TRUCK TRACTORS 
HOFFER TRUCK CO 
1 79* 3254 
INTERNATIONAL TRUCK 
SALES AND SERVICE 
PO Box 411 Hallettsville,Tx 

•72 LWB GMC ' 1 ton, very clean, low miles, VS auto, $2295. 625-9479 

SAN ANTONIO TRUCK 
SALES & SERVICE 
OMC, 
OIAMONO 
REO, 
PETERBULT 
881o IH IO EAST, 661-4511 
SAN ANTONIO TRUCKS 
SALESE SERVICE 
GMC, Diamond Re©. P tterbuilf 
381o IH-1o______________661-451) 
“SCHOEL H.ghwov diesel Buses 
23o1 NOGALITOS 
134-4711 
•7* Scout convertible. 4 whee}, loaded, CB stereo castoff*, 9 me. old, SS9So. 69o 1 7*1. 
74 s c o u t ll Excellent, 4 whl drive 19,ooo rn)., $37oo. 4S2-3514; 
*$8-o321 Cap! Turner. 
•73 Scout pickup FWD, -I owner. 
o2o-6355, atter / 496-o3o3 
Take over payments, 7$ fchtv- relet pickup No equity. C all: 
824-76o4 atter 7; 494-5734 
25 TON LOWBOY 
$45oo 
532 4151 
•74 Toyota Pickup. f,ioo miles, air, 4 speed, take up payments 
$111 69. 828-2183 
•7$ Toyota pickup. LB, 4-spd., air, radio, Camper Shell. Showroom cond Atter 6: 654-6415._________ 
■75 Tovoto Pickup LWB std, 4 spd Camper cover. Tow bar in­ cluded 17,ooo mi. 655-24o3 att 5 
4 Trucks, F7ooo with 1/5 hp Cat 
Diesel engine, 14' a lu m in u m bodies with K W. 2o ThermoKinq units. Equipped with meat rails. 
661-4611. vA H i: feuv-Seil-Trade 
683) S. Flores 
_______ 923-42)1 
•7i VEGA, small panel deliver. auto. Excellent. $995. 333-8152 
WANTED- Early '6o Chevy ' • or 
'< ton. Will pay reasonable price. 
828 7247 
WANTED OLDER PICKUP 
___________»9Q. IO J; 
____ 
Wanted: pickup cover, i-w -li,. 
658-2914 atter 5om w k d a y s 

748 - MQTQKCYCIES-SCOOTERS 
W A tU iW '1'1" " " 
’ ’ 
Ygmoho 
125. excellent cond 
691-1257 
Bultaco 25occ Dirt Bike, must seii”, best otter over $2oo 822-7942 
H arley C a lifo rn io show b ikh , com pletely re b u ilt 
Lots of chrome and gold plote. Consider trode on boat or c a r. $25oo, 
658-1843 atter *pm. 
‘76 Hailey Davidson Sportster. 
Excellent cond, low m ileage 
$23oo 341-5983 eves 
H a ile y Davidson lotto. C h o p p e r, cleon, $2,25o firm . 674-23o4 
■7* HARLEY DAVIDSON Sport­ ster *22oo or best offer. 656-45o4 
•75 Harley Sportster XLH. Low mileage, $21oo. 337-779o; 648-1551. 
•73 Monde dlB-s66 E x c e lle n t condition. Low mileage. $99$ or best otter 341-4784 
75 HONDA CB ^6o, just over 5,6tiO miles, excellent condition. *75o. 
COH 732-7o77 
•72 Honda CB 35o with windshield and 2 helmets. Recent overhaul. 
$4oo firm. 655-2199. 
•7o Honda CD-175, good cand., 
$3oo 734-78o8 
_______________ 
'72 Honda 35o CL, excellent con­ dition. $45o. 673-7977 
1973 Honda 75o. Excellent conch- 
Hon. Fairing and many extras. 
$1,ooo 494-1626 
75 Honda SSO, fairing, luggage rock, alarm system, lost of ex­ tras. *12oo or best Offer. 221-2483, 
828 1o44 ask for John. 
75 Honda SSO Four, many extros. 
Must sell* 654-o2o3 
•74 Hondamatic 75o. 44oo miles. 
*14oo. Atter 4: 772-3o73 
HONDA OF SAN ANTONIO 
57o8 MOBUP_________ 684 3682 
7* HONDA S I 25o. Blue. clean! 
$8oo. Call: 1-42o-2444 
•76 Honda Supersport 75o. Show room condition. 2 Bell helmets. 
$17oo or best ofter. Will consider car or pickup trade. 533-3995 or 
736-2346 
Honda 758 Super Sport 
LIKE NEW 44oo MILES! $145o 
LIKE NEW 44oo MILES!"S14So 
_______ 494-6864___________ 
•75 HONDA 75o Super Sport. Cos tom pipes plus accessories. $1695 
Atter 5 p.m.: 684-7822. 
1975 HONDA 4oo 4 Super Sport 
6oo miles, perfect cond. 
$85o 
492-928o. 
•7i Jammer rigid frame, gas tanST fender. ‘75 H.O. front end com 
PM#. 922-2463 
____________ 
JOE HARRISON HONDA 
Sales-Service-Parts 
971o IH-35 NO _________ 656-94oo 
1975 Kawasaki 9oo Adult owned, excellent cond. Windiommer ill, lowers, oil cooler, custom seat 
Koni shocks. Amco rack, 1o,ooo miles. $225o or best otter. 923-1748 
1975 Kawasaki 25o,' $SSo. Call 
641-4714. 
KAWASAKI 175CC, 1974 F-7. $4oo with helmet. 684 79oo. 
7 i KAWASAKI m e t excellent, $1395. 658-o591 
•76 Kawasaki k £ i o8, excellent condition, $35o plus accessories. 
Coll 822-1172 atter 5 p m ._____ 
‘75 KAWASAKI 4oo 
Low miles, $875 *56-7626 
'75 KAWASAKI 
125 Trailbike. 658-8884 
KAW ASAKI Z IA DUNST A LL 
CA FE 9o3 4-1 Y C A M . 655 21 11 
75 Laverda 75occ, 1,85o mites. 
Showroom cond. $135o 661-5422 
73 Moto Guzzi i^l Dorordo full dress, excellent, m oo 674-3o83 
M o to rc y c le In s u ra n c e 
LOGSDON Agency 828-o*17 
MOTORCYCLE INSURANCE 
CALL: 227-77oo or 227 8311 
85o Norton. E xtra dean, many extras. Top otter. 732-863o atter 7 wkdays. 
T an ANTONIO CYCLE SALES 
KAWASAKI Sales, Service, Parts 
313 NAKOMA 
494-5254 
Starving student must sell ‘74 
Honda 
45oDOHC 
5,ooo miles, 
684-1271. 
__________ _ 
•76 Super Sport 75o, excellent, low mi. Reasonable 623-3o72 
‘72 Suzuki lOOcc Good condition. 
$2oo. Call: $34-8927 anytime. 
75o SUZUKI. Full dress. Make otter. 333-9222 
‘7o SUZUKI 35o, under 1,ooo orig. mi. $4oo. or best otter. 661-3o86 
‘74 Suzuki 75o. Windiommer, #x- cellent cond. 
S14So. 
681-3166; 
*22-8491. 
•7$ Triumph Trident. $15oo ar bast otter. Don: 433-7822 oft 4________ 
T ru im ph 75o B o n n e v ille ,"*7 T 
Clean, $93o. 674-23o4. 
Yam aha 125 cc., c o m p le te ly re b u ilt, e le c tric s ta rt, signal lights, runs like new. $25o. Call atter 5 pm, 655-4772. 
'74 Yamaha 175CC. hail or street. 
$42o 698-27o6. 
'74 "Vamoho DY 36o Excellent condition. $65o 333-o41* 
74 Yamaha Enduro 25o. Good cond. $5oo or best otter 333 2654. 
Yomaha* Enduro 8o, 1973, $2$oI 
Hondo CL125, 1974, *325. Both low a ll iage. Good condition. 494-573* 
- - s ® tT 7 a m a T T a T 5 c « : ' luggage rock, cissy bai crash 
Bori, 43oo ml., $14oo. Coll 657-2599 
‘74 Yomobo 65o. 54oo miles, elec! start, lug. rack, crash bars. $1o5o 
Ile o586 655 
Yamaha 36o MAJ Very clean! 
Runs g re a t) m ust see $52$. 
5363655 atter I pm. 
•75 Yamaha RO35o, e xce lle n t cond, extros. $6oo. *58-9753 after 6 pm. 
_____ ______ 
7S6 * RMfTEMITIS, TRRCX!, 
TRAILERS, MOTORCYCLES 

 i i i V j'uN K CARS, *T<S. ' 

*27-2711 
FREE PICKUP 
Atter $: 633-2o3o 
Cosh for clean c a rt and trucks. 
Larry Cannon Auto Sale* 
$63o San Pedro 
828-635$ 
HAV# TOW BAR *, 1»UY TITST? 

72 Mqxi Von, I* passenger, power and a ir, assume balance, B ill 
Anicker, 222-8868 
OWNER OPERATORS 
3 axle tra c to rs and fla t bed trailers for Statewide hauling 
Plenty of freight, backhauls. Full settlement weekly. Older trucks accepted. 9267273 ; 333-5894. 
PICKUS £ 6 v 6R fo r 
LW B, paneled, dame light, good shape. 
SISO 657 2679 

FOR 
YO U R 
O L D 
W R E C K ! 
CALL: 923-4411. 
(JOOS— PITS 
I BUY JUNK CARS 
TOWING SERVICE 432-328* 
9 3 6 — D o g s-C art'B ird s-P et* 
9 3 8 — Poultry-R obbits-B eos 
• QUICK CASH • 
CARS AND TRUCKS 
RUNNING OR NOT! 224-2245 
UVfSTOCK 
¥ 8 
—*4-J 

H l-prices paid fo r clean ca r*- 
Trucks, etc. 222-1342 
TOP DOLLAR! 
JUNK CARS, TRUCKS, SCRAP. 
CALL: 342-51o1 

•73 Ranchero, auto, o ir, power 
Good cond. S1895 333-79*2 
RANCHERO GT, 1974. Loaded, 
S365o. firm , *91-1581 after 4 p.m. 
•72 Ranchero VS, auto, power, oir, excellent condition. 673-6225, 
•77 Ranger XLT F ISO, power, air. excellent, S6o95 344-8959 

USEO CARS CLEAN sun anour I 
1221 B R O A D W A Y _______223 4283| 
Wanted: Karmann Ghia converts hic Good cond' Reas. 1-379-2396 _ 

 m m m m m M rn m m m m m m m m m m m m m p m m m m m m m 

S a n A n t o n i o |X P R E S $ ~ N E W S — 
S a t u r d a y M a y I 4 1 9 7 7 

758-W W B M fT ll T H O I, 
TRAILERS, HEH 

WE BUY USED ta b s 
ORSINGER BUICK CO 
4SIS SAN PEDRO 
734-4221 wilyliSTW EIP? 
’ 
GOOD Clean Cars-Ti ticks 
_______ 
CON 9266471 
W ILL BUY JUNK CARS Top dollar paid Call 922 8*51 

 r n 
SERVICES N IM S 

AIRCRAFT 

754 TIRES pirts KtMSWtes 

C E N TR AL T IR E CO 
7o$ N 
FLORES 
224-5473 
57 Chevy body. F enderw tM headers, scatter shield, glee. fuel pump, oir shocks 
$«5o firm.436 7374.__________________ 
'7$ Chevy pickup *' cyf, is* ©tig complete. *375 Body parts, rec sonoble 532 4o»7 223 59*9 

CESSNA 
PILOT CINTER 
PRlVATf, 
CoMMFRC IAI 
IR. 
STRUM**?, RUtll FNGINF FLIGHT tNSTRUCTOR. FLIGHT INSTRUCTOR 
INSTRUMENT S MULTI 
V A APPROVED 
For Qualified Vets 
METRIC AIR 
H IN S O N M U N IC IP A L 
AIRPORT 
924-7375 

oANNOUNCEMENTS 

 u t- m om la n a i 

E A R N $ $ $ 

W E E K L Y 

B lo o d P ltn m a O o n o iv 

M o n i n t 8 a m J JO 

P la s m a D e riv a tiv e s 

3 o2 S M ores 

2 2 4 ! 7 4 9 

Complete Chevy 327 engine 27$ hp, including all air units S25o firm . Power glide tra n s , $75. 
Power steering unit, $45 Set of 
14" mags, 2 with o7ox14 tires, 
$125 Gabriel bi-tacker shocks, $35 set. A M 
George, 435 4o7*. 
Corvette engines T it 35* Cl IS, 
$275 each. ( 1 ) 327, $225 Many other ports available 349-2791 
CORVETTE Wheels. I" , full trim. 
SIDO Call. *96 5476. fcd R V ll f e WHEELS 
435-$2* I 
W ftVSTY'E'W HEfeLI 
4$$-S26t 
Cruise Control Pacesetter, for automatic car. cost new SIO ask­ ing $4o 696-2449. 
Good used racing tires, $1o and 
Up. 927 5o*3- 
Hiqh performance 39o Ford en­ gine, 
$4oo 
Tow dally, 
$2So. 
*53-2858. 
Hooker headers. New. for *7 thru 
■69 Dart 3*3, 44o, or Cutla. Slicks, i n t r , best otter 337414*. 
Ignition scope, sec adapter snap on model 415 $5oo 337 *623. 
4 Mag rims for 13" tires. 5” deep. 
$1oo set. 2 BR-13 tires, *65 pair. 
8266148 
NEW and USEb Bumpers" Light weight to heavy duty. For all sizes of pickup trucks 926*551 2o2 New 
Laredo Hwy. 

73 CHE ROK E l f A lt R OW 
Frank 
Adams or 
John 
Heck 
_________ 659 )96* 
________ 
CH F ROK EE 233.197o 
~ 
Frank Adams or John Heck, 
659-19*1 

Thousand O aks, Gold Cord 
Charter Membership, $?58 After 
6 oopm 496 7)69 

COMMANiSE it P odT SALE ' . Ow- nership in on* of fines! aero com­ m ander 5oo in co un try 
Fast, econom ical 7*place tw in. M r, 
Crosby 433-77$) or 3<i 4oo3 eves 

Too cash paid tar your old new soapers and corrugated *15 Ce- rolvo AABCO PAPE R STOCK 

76 La n c e PA SJR A king auto co ntro l III, a ir, 65o TT AE. 
$57,ooo or best ©Hor, tor infer. motion, call BIM Greig, Journal!- ton <1)7*9 3576 
*7 P a Ts 14o, 4-place, dual NAV 
COMS, AT 5o, X PD R , J LM S , 
ELT. EGT, heale d pttot, alternate static, wheel pants, new fires, all 
AD'*. Fresh Annual, na damage history $825o 42621*1 
197$ SKYHAWK ISO TT, dual 36o 
NAVCOM, ILS, ADF, TXP Like new 
A sking $17.95o 
See at 
Hanger 9, Stinson 
WE * o Y :m t," 6 'r ? lT b T T 
Call Frank Adams or John Heck: 
*59 196* 

196 PFRSOHIAIS 
2 AAA tour tickets to Spurn, May 
26June 7 Reosonoble, 341 5o«» 
DATES GALORE! Meet Local singles. Call Dateline toll free 
*8o 451 324S. 

New 3o? engine and transmission. 
$275 Call: 927ASH 
_______ 
5 Olds Sport Rims with G-*6-i4 tires. Call before lpm, 927-47o$. 
One •** Cutlass 442 {root lender, perfect cond. 
Other parts. 
*267596. 
P A R tj: from wrecked '74 Im- paid 655-2434 lS TTA im ~E W N I STL'pa r ts" 
FARGO SALVAGE 
627-271! 
*33-2o3o Atter 5: 
‘67 T-BIRD. Wrecking, baits tor sole. Coll: 433-o116.____________ 
TOP DOLLAR PAID For CARS and TRUCKS Running or not. Al­ so Junks. 922 84*1. 
WHEELS 3 heavy duty, 6 hole for 
Chev.or GMC - P U.with excellent tires mounted. <H78 15CT,* Ply) 
657-2417 offer SPM 
•74 SU* jaguar engine and trans mission with 32,OOO original miles, best otter 6S7-3229. 

758 -AIRCRAFT services, 

ALAMO FLYERS. INC. 
••YOUR PIPER D EALER" 
8411 MISSION RD 
927-1228 

AVIATION INSURANCE 
PROMPT QUOTES-736 1423 
1968 CARDINAL 
Cali Frank Adams or john Heck: 
459 196*. 

 a m m o u n c u m im t s 
* ] ' 
1 o 6 — Personals 
1 o 7 — Business P ersonal. 

1 o 8 — lo s t and Found 
11O — Special Notices 
1 1 2 — Professional Notices 
1 1 4 — In to rta in m e n t 
11 8 — lo d g e Notices 
1 3 o — Bids A Proposals 
12 2 — O fficial Publications 
1 2 4 —6 le g a i Notices 

S U S IN ! SS 
OPPORTUNITY 

O. G Gives Thanks for Groce 
Received 
_________________ 
FOR HELP with on unwed preg­ nancy. call Edna Gkzdnry Home, 
Ft. Worth, TX I *oo-79? 11o4 
For help with math, chem istry, biology 927-4o96 Private tutor. 
Room m ate needed to share apartment? 344-1516 
Woman with 5 yr old son wants to share house or apt. Ref. ox- changed, Coll, Pee, 349 2121 

IO ?-BUSINESS PERSONALS 
A NEW MASSAGE LOCATION outside city, open 7 days 'til lam. 
Prof. masseuses. 1223o IH35 N. between O'Conner A Judson Rds 
FOXY LADY Escort and Photo studio 34 9 8 9 71, I? to 12, 

FREE 
WATERBEDS 

EXOTIC 
MASSAGES 
Given by the Foxiest G irls tn San 
Antonio Best place to Relax and unwind "Feel Better Fast". Out side City Limits Open IO: 3o am to 
4am Big Discounts! North Side. 
PARIS 
HUBB, 
492 2994 
ESCORTS 
__________ ors K PRICE 
On Our Exotic Massages. This 
Week. Meet Lynn, Miss 4o 24 36 at PARIS RUBS, Open IO 3o am lo 4 OO am. 492-2994. 
MASSAGES BY PEAN UT' By appt. 9am-Spm. 2617 No. Mom 
736 o411 

MISS SUPER 
Is Here This weekf 
4o-2436 
PARIS-RUBB, Open Io:3oam to 
4:ooom, 492 2994 

SAY 

SOI — 

3 o 2 — 

'5 o 4 - 
5 o 6 - 

5 o 8 - 
5 1 o - 
5 12- 
5 1 4 - 

Susiness 
O pportunities 
Business O p p o r­ tunities W a n te d 
-M o n e y to le n d 
-F in an cial— In vest­ m ents 
-O il Propostlons 
-M o n e y W a n te d 
-Instructions 
-Instructions W a n te d 

L vnd io and Sandy a re H ere! 
Those 2 Super Chicks from Velvet 
Touch PARIS RUBS, 492-2994. 
Scientific Professional 
DATING SERVICE 

114-ENTtRTAtNiffNT 
Charter your awn ttiahti Business trips, fishing trips, you name it, we ll ny i f I 86* 3471_________ 
CIRCLE D SUMMER CAMP 
Bastrop, Tx., Ages * 13 For In- formation Call I 321 $142 
INTERNATIONAL ESCORT AND 
TOUR AGENCY! For fascinating fours of San Antonio, bv day or by night, International Escort nod 
Tour Service is the answer. For individual or group tours, IN- 
TBRNATIONAl can snow you the best spots in town J49 4**1 

P a g e 
7 -F 

 m 

12o-BIBSI PROPOSALS 

Invitation for Bids 

Sealed bids in dupluote mh be i*f#iv*d until 7-oo pm , Mey 73. 
1o77, by the Astittent General 
Manage*, 
Son 
Antonio 
Transit 
System, 8oo ti. Myrtle, ta ptowdt tire I lightning Insurance en all buses belonging to the Sen Antonio 
Transit System-Tfonsit 
Board of lrusfee$ lid forms end Specifications may be obtained in the toss Control 
Oept, 8oo ti Myrtle lids gill be opened al 7 oo pm, May 73,1877. 

Wayne IM Cook 
Assistant General Manager 
San Antonio Transit System 

124 lf SAL NOTICES 

Private Tour Guide for children oges l- tf, Organized ce educa­ tional groups now form ing for trips to historic sites, museums, porks, tokes, th e a tre , nature hikes. $ week program . $15o or 
$35 weekly. 
Call 
6*1 o913 tor details 

SATURDAY TOURS 

ESCORTED 
AIR CONDITIONED 
MOTOR COACH leave S A 8 1oam 
Return 6pm 
SIO PER PERSON 
Tour No. I Austin 
Tour No 7 LBJ Ranch 
For reservations coll 
821 9123 
*81 27o5 

118 LODGf NOTICfS 
CHARLES 
W 
ANDERSON 
LODGE No 1413, AF AAM, has 
Great pleasure in announcing the ground b re a k in g cerem ony scheduled for I: OO P M. May 14 on our lot ai IH 15 and S tarers! Exit 
All Masons and families are wel­ come W ilbur H. "B o b " lu k e r, 
W M.; W Gregg. Sec 
K E LLY 
LO DG E 
No 
1131, 
AFB AM, 2736 W S outherns! 
Called Comm Saturday, May 14, 
1977 cit ti P M. The Grand Muster of Texas Masons, M W Herman 
Vinvard w ill he present and be 
Principal Speaker for the even 
Ina This is a very special occa­ sion and is an OPEN MEETING 
All Mosier Masons, their ladies and friends are invited Light re freshmen*! w ill be served atter the meeting by the Past Matrons and Pos* Patrons Club ot South 
Son Antonio Chapter No 691, O E 
S L D. Hearn, Sr ,W,M.; Earl S. 
Ginger, sec 
LONNIE IR V IN D A Y LIG H T 
LODGE No 13o9, AFB AM. 1914 
Baste Rd stated Comm Sat May 
14, 1:3o P M BRO W H (BILL) 
PRICE 
W ILL 
SPEAK 
ON 
"CRIMINAL JUSTICE' 
Work in 
FC Degree Members urged lo attend. V is itin g B rethren wet come Leon Y McMahan, W M ; 
Sid Shoenfinld. Sec 

128- BIDS I PROPOSALS 

Matchmaker inc. 364-1 tis 

1o8 LOST ANO FOUND 

IMPLO T MINT i i 

Big brown doe found af Mission 
Chevrolet, May ll. 224-41J6 
FOUND: G ray Afghan Hound 
River Road Area 736-1312. 

6o1 — Professional 
6 o 2 — Sales 
6 o 4 — Technical 
6 o 5 — Resumes 
6 o 6 — A d m in is tra tiv e - 
Financial 
6 o 8 — Secretarial 
6 1 o — O ffice A Clerical 
6 1 2 — M edical 
6 1 4 — Skills-Trades 
6 1 6 — Food-Deink Services 
6 1 8 — P art Tim e 
6 2 o — H elp W a n te d 
M iscellaneous 
6 2 2 — Domestic 
6 2 4 — Situations W a n te d 

AUTOMOTIVE 

7o1 — Antiques*Collectors 
7 o 2 -7 2 6 — Sports, Foreign 
7 3 o -7 4 3 — Cars— Far Sale or Trade 
7 4 4 — Custom ized Cars— 
Speed-Racing Equip. 
7 46 — Trucks A C om m ercial 
Trailers— Buses 
7 48 — M otorcycles— 
Scooters 
7 5o — W a n te d -Autos, 
Trucks, Trailers, 
M otorcycles 
7 5 2 — G en eral A uto 
R epair 
7 54 — Tires— Ports— 
Accessories 
7 5 6 — Auto, 
Financing— Loans 
7 58 — A ircraft 
Services— Supplies 

■(CREATIONAL 

8o1 — Campers— Trailers 
8 o2 — M o to r Homes 
8 o4 — Boats, M otors 
§ o6 — Sporting Goods 
8 o 8 —-Hunting A Fishing 

' w 
MOBILE HOMES jL 
8 1 o — M obile Home Sale 
B H — M obile Home 
Repairs— Insurance 
B l2 — M obile Heme Parks 

MERCHANDISE 

9 o1— Business Equipment 
9 o 3 — Building M aterials 
9 o 5 — Portable Buildings 
9 o 7 — Furniture 
9 o 9 — Pawn Brokers 
9 1 o — Appliances 
9 1 2 — Flea M arkets 
9 1 4 — Antiques 
9 1 6 — Arts, Crafts, Im ports 
9 18 — Coins A Jew elry 
9 2 o — Come re — Photo 
Equip. 
9 22 — Musical Instrum ents 
9 24 — Nurseries, Garden 
9 2 6 — M achinery— Tools 
9 2 8 — M erchandise M a rt 
9 2 9 — G arage Sales 
9 3o — M erchandise W anted 
9 3 2 — Auction Sale 
9 34 — Business D irectory 

Found, young Siamese cat, vicin- ny Irvington, 824 1231 ofter 6 pm 
LOST: black Sam sonite b rie f case. Sat, May J. Contains school papers and c y to lo g y te x t, 
IM3SIH37- 
Commerce area. 
$26-6226 
____ 
Lost: blue tick mole Coon Hound, 
Cherry Ridge D ew hurst oreo. 
Reward! 6*4-861o days, 349-o379 nlte5 
LOST: fawn colored Chihuahua in vicin ity ot W M ollywood-Wast 
Ave REWARD! 736-4714 
LOST: I grey m iniature poodle, male, no IO. Bandera Hillcrest area Reward. 432-o252 anytime. 
LOST: irish Setter, app 4 yrs. 
Soufhcross-Pieasanton Rd area. 
REWARD! 923-8262. ___ 
LOST: May 2, ternate tan-white mixed wire terrier. Bellair# area. 
REWARD! 
Atter 
Spin 
326 
Langford 
________________ 
LOST, poodle, female, rued size, 
Bellaire area. 923-4746 
LOST: Reward ottered for mole 
German Shepherd Answers to 
• Bo". Woodlawn area. 734-2o21 or 
Eddie 221-5oo* 
Lost Sealpoint Siamese, tag no. 
1626, tip s of toes a re w h ile . 
Reward 2o8 Freeman, 434-7157. 
LOST: Siamese cat, i i yr old. IOO blk Greer. M issing since 4-3o. 
REWARD! 534-4752 514-2542 lost white female Spitz, vicinity 
Perrin Beitel. Reward 655-o979 
LOST: While-Gold Germain Man­ tel man's watch. Engraved on back "B ob Dixon Feb. 1973." 
REWARD* Contact through Ex- press-News Box 2493, San Anton­ io, 71297 
Lost, 8 Yr rid fat ton and while dog. female, black collar, reward, 
696-3146 or 227-7571 

REWARD rish Setter 
Lost Red Irish Setter pup, 4 mo* old. 
Hariandaie area. 937-2S1* 
922 5976 

HO-SPECIAL NOTICES 

’N 
•LOPO 
? DONATIONS? 

BLOOD . PLASMA 
SCRVICU Of 
SANANTONIO 
NOW 
OPEN 
ACROSS FROM 
MUNICIPAL AUDITORIUM! 
AT 
' l l 2 AUDITORIUM CIR. 
Men.-fri. SM U L A M F it 
CLOSED SAT. A SUN. 
S PAID DONATIONS % 
OMIT 

NOTICE TO BIDDERS 

Sealed bids, in duplicate, ort th# origi not forms, signed by an Officer of the 
Company, will be ieceiv«d by th* City 
Sacietory of tile City of Houston, Tern*. 
In Roam 7o3, City Hall unlit 8:3o A AL. 
Wednesday, lune I, 1977 and all bids 
‘Will be opened and publicly read rn the 
City Council Chambet a1 YOO A M on that date lot th* construction of n sanitary sewer farce main and all relnied appurtenances, as follows 
A WAIDA (RUNK ’.ANI I ARY SEWER 
DIVERSION Of THE SOUTHVVtST 
PUMP STATION 
AND 48 INCH I URI I MHH 
Wastewater Division Job No 3378 2 
WPC Tex 1o6o 

(Approximately S I/O ft. of 48 con crete lined cylinder pipe, steel pipe and ductile iron pipe force main rind appurtenances, including revision to 
Southwest Fump Station) 

Plans, specifications and necessary in formation may be obtained from the 
Wostewnter Division, City of Houston, 
Room F-1o3, City Hail Annex. 

No provisions hove been mode for mailing plans and specifications to prospective bidders 
Therefore na plans and specifications will be moiled to prospective bidders or other Inter ested parties 

A deposit of JKX) OO (by check or money order mode payable ta 
"Wostewnter Division, City of Nous ton") will be required for each set af plans and specifications (very con tractor who submits a valid bid to (he 
(tty Secretary and returns to Room P 
o3 City Hall Annex the plans and spe­ cifications for this (ob not later than 
15 cloys from bid date, will be refund ad his S1oo.oo deposit. 

Bidder s Bond, signed by both the 
Surety and the Bidder, Certified Check, or Cashier's Check in an amount equol to ten percent (1o%) of the total hid must accompany each proposal. 

Any contract or contracts awarded un­ der this Invitation for Bid*, ate expect ed lo be funded in part by a grant from the United States Cnviionmenfol 
Protection Agency Neither Hie United 
States nor any of its departments, agencies, or employees is or will be a a 

 lo this Invitation for Bids or ony mg contract: This procurement will be vubiect to regulations contain­ ed in 4o CFR 35 936,3S 938, and 35 939 touzc omtTUNtTy m tenorminr 
BIDDERS ON THIS WORK WILC IE RE­ 
QUIRED TO COMFIT WITH THE PRESI­ 
DENT S EXECUTIVE ORDER NOS. !l?46 
AND 1 1375. THE REQUIREMENTS EoR 
BIDDERS ANO CONTRACTORS UNDER 
THIS ORDER ARE EXPLAINED IN THE 
SPECIFICATIONS 

The City may waive ony informalities or minor defects or reject any or all bids. Award will be made ta the lowest responsive, responsible Bidder 
Dote: April 27, 1977 
A N N A R U S S E L L 
C it y S e c r e t o r y 

Unclaimed freight tor sole by bid at 9 am on Monday, May 23, 1977 al Red Arrow fretam Lines, Wore house Department, san Antonia, Tex os 

T 
T cotton of Auto Faits, once con signed to 
I 
Williamson in 
Brownsville, Texas (Ref: Claim 
o4719) 

I I drum Wash Compound, once consigned to Form K Ramh (en lei in Iola, Texas (Ret U Al 77) 

3 8 cartons Plunge, once consigned in fleming foods at San Antonio, lexas. (RH Ii A? 77) 
4 27 cartons Vanish Endust, once consigned to fleming foods al 
Son Antonio, Texas (Ret. U 63 
77) 

5 I drum {hemital, IS pods Petro losed Products, once consigned to Josh Young ot Colpus (hush. 
Texas (Ref U 64 77) 

6 4? polls Point, once consigned to 
Gorman A Co at Huntsville, Tex 
OS (Ref Ii AS 77) 

7 I carton I ube, once consigned to 
Ptmnose Oil Co of Oollas, Texas 
(Ret (I-AA 77) 

8 3 pieces Glass Panels, once can signed lo Bell (onstrucium nl 
Boy City, lexas (Rut U n7 ll) 

9 4 cottons Drain Opener, Ollie consigned lo Yale Village Apnii ments at Houston, lexas (Ret 
U AB 7/) 

1o I carton Subs and Manvel, once consigned to Houston (anting at 
Houston, Texas (Rtf; U-69 77) 

 ll. 2 cartons light fixtures, once consigned to Charles Claik (hev at McAllen, Texos (Ref; U 7o 77) 

These goods ran be Inspected by appointment at the above address on the day of sale only by contacting Mr 
Thomas Walker at 653 361? Goods will be sold bv sealed bids only oud lim terms will oe cash at time of sole 
Red Artow freight lines reserves the right to rejct ony and all bids 

Unclaimed freight tor sole by bid at V a rn on Monday, May 23, 1977 al Red 
Arrow freight lines, 
Warehouse 
Department, Son Antonio, Texos 

I I carton of Auto Parts, once con signed la 
J. 
Williamson in 
Brownsville, 
Texas (Ref 
Claim 
o4219) 

2. I drum Wosh Compound, once consigned to farm A Ranch Center in Iola, Texas. (Ref; U-61-77) 
3. 8 cartons Plunge, once consigned to fleming foods at San Antonia, 
Texos (Rat. U 62 77) 
I. 24 cartons Vqnish/lndusi, once consigned lo fleming foods at San 
Antonio, Texas (Ref; U-63-77) 
S. I drum Chemical, IS pails Petm 
Based Products, once consigned lo 
Josh Young af Corpus Christi, Tex­ as (Ref: U 64-//) 
6 4? pails Paint, anre (unsigned to 
Gorman A Co at Huntsville, Texas. 
(Ref: U 65-77) 
7. I carton lube, oncn consigned to 
Primrose Oil Co. at Oollas, Texas 
(Ref: U-66-/7) 
8 3 pieces Gloss Panels, once con­ signed to Bell Construction at Boy 
City, Texas. (Ref: U-&7 77) 
9. 4 cartons Drain Opener, once con­ signed to Yale Village Apartments at Houston, Texas (Ref; U 68 77) 
1o. I carton Subs and Manvel, once consigned to Houston Coating al 
Houston, Texas. (Ref U 69-77) 
11. 2 cartons light fixturas, once con­ signed to Charles Clark Chay. al 
McAllen, Texas (Ref; U 7o ll) 
These goods can be inspected by ap­ pointment at the above address an the day of sole only by contacting Mr. 
Thomas Walker at 653-3612 Goods will be sold by sealed bids only and the terms will be cosh at time of sale 
Red Arrow Freight lines reserves the right to reject any and oil bids 

) w ill nOf Be responsible tor any debts incurred other than myself 
■ UBSN SAKNZ 

5oIBU8IIIE88 OPPORTUNITIES 

B A S K IN -R O B B IN S 

 lc« Cream Store „ av ailab le in 
SAN A N TO N IO 
For info write.- 
B a s k in - R o b b in s 
2ooo N. Loop We$t 
Suite |)5 
Houston, TX 77o18 or calli 
(7 1 3 ) 6 8 1 - 8 4 1 o collect! 
. 

I ACBi BUSY AREA 
Build your own business 
Owner carry. Zoned B J and R-3 
2lf o22? WATSON 6 SQN732-26JS 

AUDITORIUM 
A ir conditioned (or weddings, receptions, donees, etc Holds uo to 45o people 
G re a te r S A 
Builder Assoc. *925 N.W 
IH-1o 
696-38oo 
A Aauger Service trenchine and small backhoe excavation, quick service sewer and w ater lines installed or repaired 341-4)24 
Almost Free Transportation 
For Details Coll; 224-2221 

C r e a t iv e A r t * S t u d io 
1616 NW 24th St., 735-o349 
Dance-Music Los.-Puppetry 

9 4 o — 
U ve sto ck-Fe w d - 
Se e d s 
9 4 1 — Produce 

9 4 2 — 
Fa rm E q uip m ent a n d ! 

FOR RENT 
Hourly or daily Auditorium and 
Party room beautiful North Side 
Location, areal for music, clubs, p a rtie s , w edding re c e p tio n s , m eetings of o il kind s. C oil 
344-4539 Near N orth Star and 
Centro! Pork Moll. 

’76 RANGER XLT 
Take over payments, no equity, ■ coli Credit Manager, 349-6948 
We Buy Junk Cars-Trucks 
YOl) CALL-WE HAUL 
922-o4oo i 

T« k,"<t Ciessitit* beeth 
N tllttl PIMK Ste front roo* matt 
1o1-—Deaths 
1o2-—Card of Thanks 
Mem oriom 
1o3 — florists — flow ers 
1o4— funeral Directors 
1o5-— Cem etery — Burial 
Lets 

Help! lf you witnessed the ac­ cident on April 12, 197? involving o gasoline tank truck and a 197) 
Ford Torino, I mile No of Center 
' Point on Hwy 27, please call Ray 
Farley, collect 224-1o75 in Von 
Antonio. 
____ 
JIFFY PRESS new printing and 
; copying store 49o9 W afztm Rd i (across W indsor P a rk M o ll) 
; opening soon!__________________ 
The Best Massages In Town are at 
Pompeii Massage, now with Kitty, 
Chris, Oale, Metonle, Wando, Sa- ir a , Box , i m Boss©. 735-5)5o 

Staled bid proposoITwill be received by the Booid of Trustees of the North lost Independent School District for the following items at th* times shown 
SANDING GYM FLOORS • 2:oo pm. 
Monday, May 16, W I 
LAUNDRY DETERGENT • 2:oo p.m. Wed­ nesday, Moy 18, 19/7 
CONVECTION OVENS - 3:oo p.m. Wed- ne$doy, Moy 18, 1977 
RENOVATION Of IOO WING MACARTHUR 
3.3o p m. Wednesday, May 18,1977 
ATHLETIC EQUIPMENT (MEDICAL) - 3:oo 
Lei. Tuesday, May 24, 1977 
JOCATIONAL SUPPLIES - 2:oo pm, 
Tuesday, Moy 24, 1977 
BASKETBALL EQUIPMENT . 2:oo pm. 
Tuesday, May 33, 1977 
Bid forms may be picked up prior to bid opening in the om e of Hie Direc­ tor of Purchasing, N E IS o, 1o333 
Broadway, San Antonia, Texas 
____ 

Invitation For Bids 

Sealed Bids in duplicate will be receiv ed until 2 oo P M , July IS, 1977, by the Assistant General Manager, San 
Antonio Transit System, 8oo W. Myrtle to provide Excess Workman $ Compen­ sation Insurance covering all em­ ployees of the San Antonio Transit 
System-Transit Board of Trustees for a 
Period of one year, from July 29,1977 to July 29, 1978 Bid forms and speci­ fications moy be obtained in the loss 
Control Dept, 8oo W Myrtle. All bids received shall be publicly opened at 
2:oo PM, Frldoy, July IS, 1977. 
W a y n e M . C o o k 
Assistant General Manager 
Son Antonio Tronist System 

■'■■■' 
I* 225-1666 ix e e is s and News 

Approximately 15 acre* Recrea­ tio n a l Park w ith 2*oo fe e t of 
Medina River frontage Over IOO cement and brick picnic tobies with bar-b-que grills. ISO large 
Pecan free* ana approxim ately 
1*o smaller Pecan trees. Fenced baseball field, native rock con­ cession stand and rest rooms, located on fa rm m a d 2536 between 16o4 and 41o Sole price 
$75,ooo or trad* for ranch land. 
Shown by a p p o in tm e n t o nly. 
623-2893 or 623-2512_____________ 
ASSUME THIS Turn Key Opera­ tion $32oo Firm Backed by in­ ventory and accounts, high re­ turn! 124-6555 or 6S6-4558 
A ttra c tiv e G IFT SHOP, Ideal location. Must sell—Being trans ferred. 349 9511 ; *59-1*57 
___ _ 
Automotive Repair Center 
6 stalls, 2 offices, waiting room. 
Now in o p e ra tio n . E x c e lle n t gfOSS 533 o)64 
BEAUTIFUL neighborhood cock tail lounge for sale or lease. Fully equipped. 
VANCE 
REALTY 
732-6135. 
BEAUTY SALON for sole 27o6 W 
Commerce. 223-772o_____________ 
BEAUTY SALON 
Owner refiring Steady clientele, grand location, 
Alamo 
Hgts, 
114,5oo. 
MAC REAL ESTATE 828 2521 
CAFE FOR SALE 
455-99S8 ___________ 
Charming Kiosk (stall in m all). 
Cedar and redwood Unusual in­ ventory Excellent opportunity to buy this creative little shop easily. 
822-1449, 
__________ 
Christian Book Store, inside N. 
Mall Good business, $1).9oo cosh. 
Over *9,ooo Inventory. 342-481) or 
453-8411 
__________ 
D R IV E -IN G R O C ER Y, fu lly : equipped, 22o ft. on motor high way and sub-division $74,5oo 
Bobbie Anderson, ORE IN-CAMP­ 
BELL REALTY, S.A. *58 5131. 
1-379-2434.____________ _______ 
FOR SALE OR LEASE 
Nice Grocery Store on Hwy 9o, 
B ra c k e ttv ille , Texas. C ontact 
Dale Borden, BBS Super M art, 
543-2555 

P age 
8 F 
San Antonio EXPRESS-NEW S- 

BUSINESS 
OPPORTUNITIES CD 
YOUR OPPORTUNITY 
& SEAFOOD I 

'S a turday M a y 14 1 9 7 7 
J i l l 
SALES 
EMPLOYMENT 
D O D 

6o6 ADMINISTRATIVE 
■ 
FINANCIAL 
WW- SECRETARIAL 

 m 
PROFESSIONAL 
£o1 PROFESSIONAL 
6o1 PROFESSIONAL 

 exclusive beau ty salon 
N 't 
IO op* roto* shop gro» f ro OOO* 
Ne*. 
$15,ooo + 
1o,ooo dn. 
MEXICAN FOOD RKTAURANT 

Grot* $1 56 OOO + Nets $51,ooo 
* yr $«e« I S S $ 3 5 ,o o o . Term s. 
EXCELLENT WASHA TER1A 
Nror bote gross $3o,ooo yr. H machines, I f dryer!. $8,ooo dn 
CUAN FLORAL SHOP 
N’lost. v m d n a $35,ooo + . Natl t i o,ooo+ yr. 
Nice fixtures. 
1o,ooo dn. 

MEXICAN RESTAURANT 
N 'sid e, l e a d 5o, a lc * fixtures. 
G ras* $ 6 2 ,o o o yr. $ 6 5 o o dn. 
BUSY CONVENIENCE STORE 
NI, dean fixtures, good stock, top lease - pkg. $27,OOO term! 
PLUSH RESTAURANT NORTHEAST with mixed drink lounge, grois- mg $4o,ooo mo. short hr*., good lease, le a t * IS O , $ 6 5 ,o o o dn. 

With p ro p e rty . Seats IOO Gross 
$135,ooo A nets $2o,ooo yr. 
$25,ooo dn. 
FINE RESTAURANT 
N't, greet 
$24o,ooo. 
Net 
$5o,ooo yr.. 
Good leos*. 
$25,ooo dn. 
DAIRY QUEEN 
N'Side real clean. Soots SO, Good 
Nets 
S I S.OOO yr. 

SEVERAL MIX DRINK CLUBS 
H W . cmd N.I. Clean ti*tules. 
Good business, parking. 
Nice terms. 
BUSY NORTHSIDE RESTAURANT 
Mixed drinks. Seats 12o. Orest t i 8o,ooo. 
Nett 
$4o,ooo yr. 
3o,ooo dn. 
LARGE BUSY WASHATERIA 
Clote to bate With pickup Ste. 
Grosses $46,ooo. Nets $15,ooo yr $1o,ooo dn. 
2 DOWNTOWN CONCESSION STANDS 
Lot* o f fixtures, stock, good m o n e y m ak e rs. S i 2 .o o o Terms. 

4t 
THE TEXAS f 

* 

735-9458 

1512 - IMSTRUCTIBMS 

( U 
, ( j a c & f o j y n 
C o : 

7 3 5 - 8 6 1 1 

512- 

WEAR THE 
“Uniform of White’’ 
ENROLL N O W 
SUMMER CLASSES BEGIN M AY 31ST call today 224-o756 

• Medical Assistant Clintcal/Clerical 
• Denial Assistan 
• Medical Secretary 
• lab Assistant 

BASIC GRANTS AVAILABLE 
SUPPLEMENTAL GRANTS— LOANS 
PLACEMENTS ASSISTANCE OFFERED 

S.A. College of Medical & Dental Assistants 
5 o 5 la s t T ra v is St. 
2 2 4 - o 7 5 6 

5o1 BUSINESS OPPORTUNITIES 

, # * E W ° o ^ 

* 
"NATURAL nAVORID 
< ' 
Kl CRIAM PARI ORI 
CHOICE LOCATIONS 
Complete 8 ready for opening within a month, 
A comfortable income in the most pleasant surroundings. 
E A S Y T E R M S 
C o n fact: 
F ra n c h ise D ire c to r 
5 1 2 - 6 8 1 - o 7 3 3 o r w rite : 
S H E R W O O D 'S 
5 7 1 9 R e n w ic k 
S a n A n to n io 7 8 2 3 8 . 

’ 
GAS S T A T IO N A N D ST O R E 
} For rent or lease. A c ro ss from 
Kelly 
A T B 
Coll after 
6. JO, 
227 9199 

SSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSI 
(Grow e a rth w o rm s for ecology 

" 
W 

PUNCH 

4 Short W eeks 

O th e r T ra in in g in: 

' Computer Operations 

'(imputer Programming 

Medical Assistant 

Medical Secretary 

Nurse's Aide/Orderly 

Call 224-9286 
CBM 

Education Center 

1121 Navarro 

* 

* 

* 

* 

* 

* 

* ft 
* 

* 
* 

* 

* 

* 

* 

* 

* 

* 

* 

* 

* 

* 

* 

* 

* 

THE TEXAS 
AFFIRMATIVE ACTION CAREER CONFERENCE 
TO BE CONDUCTED M A Y 2o-22 
SAN ANTONIO, TEXAS 
D o you hold a 4 year college graduate degree in engineering, busine**, science, or 
Technical related m eas? Are you interested in a rewarding career with salaries in the 
$ 1 5 -2 5 ,o o o range? lf so, one of the following companies may be interested in you! 
IBM 
Polaroid 
General Motors 
Rexnord, Inc. 
Procter & Gam ble 
Buick 
Cadillac 
Union Camp 
Inland 
J. I. Case 
Johnson Controls 
Automatic Sprinkler 
American Hospital 
E D S 
Dictaphone 
Sam bo s 
V MueMer 
Delco Electronics 
Eastman Kodak 
Ford 
General Telephone 
Holmes Protection 
Delco Products 
Goodyear Tire & Rubber Co lukens Steel 
Owens Corning Fiberglas 
Travelrtol Baxfer lab s 
Pfizer 
Union Carbide 
Delco Remy 
Borg W arner 
Burroughs Corp. 
Collins Radio 
Frigidaire 
Honeywell, Inc. 
Kurt Salmon Assoc. 
G M A D 
Texas Instruments 
G M Truck & Coach 
Guide 
Merrill Lynch 
Nalco Chemical Co. 
Schneider Transport 
W. R. Grace 
AT & T 
American Can Co. 
Harrison Radiator 
Milliken & Com pany 
Hyde a-mafic 
Oldsmobile 

National Career Centers of America, a management consultant firm, the leader in its field, can offer you the opportunity to talk with over 4o national companies in­ terviewing for positions nationwide. O ver 5 o o positions in Engineering, Electronic Data 
Processing, Manufacturing, Technical Sales, Marketing, Research & Development, just to mention a few. During an 18 hour period your job search worries can be over. 

W ith N a t io n a l C a re e r C enters... 
• N o cost or obligation to any job applicant 
• Professional resumes prepared at no charge 
• All companies are Equal Opportunity Employers 
• Mole/Female 

Right now ... time is of tire essence, lf you plan to take advantage of this free career conference, you need to contact immediately 

E l T r o p i c a n a 
2 2 3 - 9 4 6 1 , ext. 31o4 
Mr. Flynn or Ms. Malone 
NATIO NAL PERSONNEL CO /N A TIO N A L CAREER CENTER 

* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 

^ 
6o2-SALES 

- A 

* 

* 

* 

* 

* 

* 

* if 

* 
K 

* 

G row e a rth w o rm s for ecology and profit. Investm ent required. 
Coll for info 341 7846 or write p o 
Box 37591, San Antonio, Tx 78216 
L e a v in g C o u n t ry * L a r g e b ar dancing Pavillion, kitchen, lots of parking, all air conditioned and heated, draft beer dispenser, pool tobies, shuffleboard, carpet, 2oo seating capacity. Del Rio, Box 
529, I 775 3969 For Sale or Lease 

WATER DISTRIBUTION 
SUPERINTENDENT 
(Construction Superintendent) 

Bachelor's degree in engineering with 5 years of progressively responsible engineering experience, preferably in connection with underground utilities or public works projects or programs, including 2 years in a position of admin istrotive and supervisory responsibility Registration os a professional engi­ neer in the Stole of Texas preferred. Storting salary $1,439 to SI,836 per month depending upon qualifications. Send resume to; 
City of Corpus Christi 
Department of Personnel 
P.O. Box 9277, Corpus Christi, TX 784o8 
A n I q ual O p p o rtu n ity e m p lo ye r 

Neighborhood P harm acy, Austin. 
Below inventory. Fixtures option­ al T erm s B o x 4784 A u stin Tx 
78765 I 453 1327 
N W EST N IG H T C L U B . Excellent location. G ro ss excess 51oo,ooo yr. 
Reply E x p re s s N e w s Box 4364, 
Son Antonio, Tx 78297 
Own Your Own B u sin e ss'' White 
Auto Stores, 391o Call Field Rd 
Wichita Falls, Tx <817)697 341o 
P L A N T A N D G IF T SH O P 
N 'E , Under 55,ooo 
655-5684 or *55 4877 
P L A N T S H O P for sale, located corner of L o ck h ill, Se lm a and 
Blanco, Castle Hills Village 7239 
Blanco, 344 3221 OR 69o 9645 

PROFIT OPPORTUiyiTY 
Dunn A B ra d stre e t s a y s Coin 
O p e ra te d L a u n d r y a n d D r y 
Cleaning Stores are one of two industries with the least failure figures ‘ 
K W IC K W A S H c o in o p e ra te d laund ry a n d d ry c le a n in g lest stores for sale 
W E H A V E choice la u n d ry loca­ tions in every part al Sari Antonio ready to build now 
B A N K R A T E F IN A N C IN G 
For information call E d Floyd 
512-684-3771 o r v is it o u r w ar- ehouse-show room at 54o3 Jack- wood, San Antonio, Tx 78238 

ENROLL NOW 
FOR JUNE 
CLASSES 
J 

 e Nurses Aide 
Male Orderly 
+ Medical Assist. 
“ 
* lab Technician 

* Approved for Eligible Vets 

* Eligible for Basic Grants 
Job Placement Assistance 

 for Information col! 
S.W . S ch o o l of 
M e d ic a l A ss is ta n ts 
2 2 4 - 2 2 9 6 
T I S B r o a d w a y 

P R O V E N P R O D U C T . Will double your money in 4 years Need in­ vestors from $1,ooo 54o,ooo Ex press-News Box 778o, San Anton­ io. Tx 78297 
R E S T A U R A N T for sa le M a ke otter* North of dow ntow n area. 
Good noon traffic 341 8425 aft 5 
Sole or lease 
C afe with gam e room, SOmi NW of SA 684 2233 
J small mobile home parks, good opportunity tor re tire d couple 
Call Burnet (5)2) 756 2793 or (512) 
756 4153 

 i i 
- * r 

ENROLL NOW 
FOR JUNE 
CLASSES 
• Nurses Aide 
• Male Orderly 
• Medical Assist, w Lab Technician 
* Approved for Eligible Vets 
* Eligible tor Basic Grants 
Job Placement Assistance 
For information coll 
S .W . S c h o o l of 
M e d ic a l A ss is ta n ts 
2 2 4 - 2 2 9 6 
1 1 5 B r o a d w a y 

HEMPHILL MCCOMBS FOKU 

Wry need people wt be trained tor a 

STARTIN G A C A R IIR ? 
TH IN K IN G ABO U T A 
CANEER C H A N C E? w h o w an t to ca re e r in a u to m o b ile fa it s . 
WE NEED PEOPLE WHO: 
- Aggressive and enthusiastic 
- Need to make large incomes 
- Hove confidence in their ability to succeed 
- Have management potential 
- Hove no automobile soles experience 
WE OFFER TO THOSE PEOPLE 
- Group Health and life Insurance programs 
- Selling fools not available at other dealerships 
- Intensive trninmg program 
- Guaranteed SI5,ooo PLUS per year if you follow our proven sole pioqrom 
Apply in person to Lynn 
Glaser 
Monday thru Friday 2 to S P M. 
MAY 16th, 17th, 18th, 19th 
222 8611 

BROADCAST 
ENGINEER 
Operation and main­ tenance of off types of broadcast equipment. 
5 years experience, Isl Class 
FCC license preferred. Con­ tact: Mrs. Reynolds or Mrs. 
Beneke at 

(512) 423-391o or by mail at: 
P.O. Box 711 
Harlingen, TX 7855o 

INDUSTRIAL J 
COUNTER 
* 
SALES 
} 
Selling Pipe, Valves, tools Drill 
Bits and related Industrial items. 
• Experience required 
• Hourly wage 
• Commission 
• fringe benefits for appointment coli 

Eliie Spenrath 

223-18o1, ext. 477 
THE PERRY 
SHANKLE CO. 
Equal Opportunity Employer 

P ro b le m s w ittf 
Biology? C h e m istry ? G E D ? call 
927 4o96 for private tutor 
R a p s e s s io n s , in te llig e n t d is ­ courses, 5 week program cover mg such topics as reicarnation, ideals, m e d itatio n , cre a tivity, p syc h ic e x p e rie n c e s, d re a m s 
Non religious, private mtructress, non form al classes starting M ay 
16 Call 681 o913 

Small Tropical Fish shop for sale 
One year old. Good location Open 
|6 hours day Call 494 3253 morn mgs, 349-4467, noon til 6__________ 
'u n i sex Hair Salon Beautiful new shop for lease near Blanco Basse 
Rd Mono Realty 349-3527________ 
[Used 12x24 lined office term s, 
[free delivery, 924-5oo3 

Veteran Inquiries Welcome 
Texas Vocational Sciiooi 
19)3 S Flores 
225 3253 
6o1 -PROFESSIONAL 

NOTICE TO 
JOB APPLICANTS 
Advertisements in these columns ore accepted on the premise that 
*bs offered will be filed on the bons of merit without discrimma lion because of sex unless the job is o bonafide occupational qualifi­ cation 
EMPLOYMENT 
AGENCIES 
The San Antonio Pnvate Employ mein Association has a rigid Code of 
Ethics to which all its private employment agency members subscribe, for information abguf private employment agencies, or ac­ tion on complaints, coll 224 78o2 ot the Better Business Bureau. 

SO U T H W E ST T E X A S 
ST A T E U N IV E R S IT Y 
Position Director 
OI Com puting Services 
C oordinate all U n iv e rsity c o m ­ puter operations and production in the central com puter center, a d m in is tra t iv e p r o g r a m m in g departm ent, and the a cad e m ic com puter lab A cco m p lish lonq range planning to include acqui sition of all U niversity software i and hardware. M a y teach up to one q u a rte r tim e. R E G U I R i E M E N T S : 
M a s t e r 's D e g re e 
(p re fe re n ce for P h D ) 
E x p e r ­ ience rn both teaching and man agement of a com puting center is 
] highly preferred. One year in bu 
I s in e ss p r o g r a m m in g or A D P de ve lo p m e n t. A v a ila b le Sep- 
; tember I, 1977 S A L A R Y 
*24,324 
I (M a x im u m of $26,892 fo r out standing qualifications including 
Phd) A P P L IC A T IO N S : Director 
I of Personnel, Southw est T exas 
I State U n iv e rsity . San M a rc o s, 
Texas 78666. D eadline: June 5, 
I 1 97 7. S o u th w e st T e x a s State 
U niversity is an Affirm ative Ac- tion Equal Opportunity Em ployer 

’i t ik ★ ★ ★ it ★ f r it ★ ★ 'i c ★ ^ 

EXPERIENCED 
S A L E S P E R S O N fashionable mens clothing store located in North Star 
Mall is looking for a sales onenfed individual desiring n Ijcrative soles position 
This is an excellent op­ portunity for- the person who is pursuing a secure future in o store that is in­ creasing its volume every month Contact 
M r. K le in 
3 4 9 - 6 4 6 4 

PROFESSIONAL 
SALES 
$ 1 4 , o o o - $ 2 o , o o o 
P o te n tia l 
Outside sales experience necessary, we will train in our , field, all good dosers consideted. 
Expenses furnished while training. Prequalified appts. set for you. 
Call Mr. Dixon 
2 2 7 - 5 o 5 1 

CHALLENGE AND RESPONSIBILITY 

Uarco, Inc. is a Dynamic, Major manufacturer of Business forms An­ 

 nual sales af $2oo,ooo,ooo, We ore people oriented, with excellent op­ 

 portunities for personal and professional growth for the right in­ 

 dividual 
WE OFFER... 

Excellent earnings. Salary plus commission, health and life insurance, 

 retirement pion, but most importantly, we offer the challenge af 

 becoming on integral port in the continued growth of o successful 

 compony 
WE REQUIRE... 

A significant record of achievement, stable personal and employment 

 history. A sense of urgency, (the ability to deal with people ot oil 

 levels, from the corporation president to the warehouseman. 
For further information coli Mr. Tanner, 224-5538 

FARMERS INSURANCE GROUP 

WHY WAIT TILL TOMORROW? 

Let us show you today that-— 

★ Y o u ca n learn o u r b u sin e ss 

★ M a k e m o re m o n e y 

★ Be su cce ssfu l in a r e w a rd in g ca re e r 

★ C o n tin u e p re se n t job w h ile sta rtin g yo u r 

 o w n a g e n c y on a p a rt tim e b a s is 

★ T ra in in g a n d su p p lie s fu rn ish e d 

★ A v a ila b le lo c a tio n s in S a n A n to n io , 

S a n M a r c o s a n d F re d e ric k sb u rg 

6 N o investm en t 
F o r c o m p le t e d e t a i l s c a ll 
Charles Manley at 656-3266 

TELEPHONE SALES 

W e n e e d 3 o g o o d p e o p le w illin g to w o rk a n d to 

 learn the T e le p h o n e S a le s P ro fe ssio n , 

No Experience — W e Train 
Free Parking — • On Bus Line 

Salary + Bonus 

2 2 5 - 2 8 1 9 
M r . A l b e r t 

A n Eq u al O p p o r tu n ity E m p lo y e r 

CRUDE O il ACCOUNTANT 

 local compony involved rn crude off refining and marketing of refined products os opening for individual to head up crude oil purchasing area. 

Desire college graduate with one- two years experience in crude oil purchasing and refined product soles 
Supervisory Experience helpful Sol (try open. 
Please call 
David Walker 
512— 349-3171 for appointment cmd interview 

SECRETARY 

Good office skills re­ quired. New position. 
Good benefits. 
Mr. M 
Convenience Stores 
8 2 4 - o 5 8 1 

Secretary-Bookkeeper needed by toed northside C P A firm, 2 y rs experience required 828 9o97 

* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
FULL CHARGE 
J 
J 
BOOKKEEPER 
* 
J* Immediate opening for career J 
‘ ~ minded person with 2 years ex J a perience, general accounting and ♦ 
T exposure to financial statements. 

Secretary - Sales 

$45o-565o 
Dependable, enthusiastic, ener­ g e tic w ith g o o d te le p h o n e p e rso n a lity . T y p e 55-65wpm , 
Su p e r w o rk in g conditions, but h a rd w o r k 1 A B C Pest C ontrol 
1oo22 IH35 North 656 5o.5o________ 
Secretary, typing and shorthand 
Gen. office work. M ust have tran­ sportation. 225-3149. 
_______ _ 

N EID EXPERIENCED 
OFFICE WORKERS 
FOR TEMPORARY JOBS 

Typist, stenographers, key punch operators, * book - keepers, general office clerks. 
Must have telephone 
N O FEES! 
Apply in person 9am-3pm 

PEAKLOAD, INC. 

S IO N. M ain 

Seeking legal secretary with ex p e rie n c e in litigatio n m atters. 
Good fringe benefits, salary com m ensural® with exp and ability. 
227-31o6 
U N IT E D 
P E R S O N N E L 
C O N S U L T A N T S 
Jobs Guorqnteed-924-4481 

61o-OFFICES C W H 

EXPERIENCED 
BOOKKEEPER 

Full charge, ambitious bookkeeper, 
Agri business knowledge mon-' datory Permanent position with ex­ panding operation. Send resume ond solory requirement to 

Applicant 
P. o. Box 1263 
Kingsville, Tx. 78363 

FULL CHARGE 
BOOKKEEPER 
• Accounts receivable 
• Accounts payable 
• Payroll 
• General ledger 

SafatY commensurate with abit tty Southwest S.A. location. All company benefits 

 la s s o W estern W ear 

6623 S. Zorzam ora equal opportunity employer 

Purchasing Secretary/ 

Accounting Clerk 

Works in Accounting 
8 am to 12 Noon 

Works in Purchasing 
I PM to 5 PM 

• Typing 55 W PM 

• A dding machine ond calculator by touch or by sight 

• Involves heavy telephone usage 

Apply in Person 

Personnel Office 

Express/News Corp. 

9 to 11 AM , 2 to 4 PM 

An eguol opportunity employer 

• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
^ 
• KEYPUNCH a i 
Night 4:3o pm- 

 a 
1o:3o pm 
(day shift possible-later) 
222-2323 

 r n 

U m 
• # 
* 

TEACHERS! 
Specializing Teacher placement 
S P E A R S Personnel Service 
2o7 Jackson Keller 
828 1292 
6o2 - SALES 

APPLIANCE SALES 

W e have an opening for a person interested in m aking money in a perm anent position. 
Sales experience helpful, but not necessary, as we will train you. 

W e are an established firm selling Am erica’s best appliance lines ond offer top com ­ mission, good draw insurance benefits and other incentives. 

AP PLY IN P E R S O N 
1o27 N E LOOP 41o 

College Accounting Major 
Neederr Y e a r round employmen 
Needed" Y e a r round eTfiployTnent with local C P A firm for account m g m otor with one vear of a c­ counting education (sophom ore v e a r). F u ll tim e su m m e r, 2o h o u rs per w eek d u rin g school. 
Excellent training, B average or ab ove required . M u st be locol resid ent sh o u ld hove 2 y e a rs rem aining in college, good pay, im m e d ia te e m p lo y m e n t. 
Prelim inary application and test­ ing m ay be obtained at 21o9 San 
Pedro 

INDUSTRIAL 
PORTABLE 
ELECTRIC TOOL 
SALES REP 
Salary pius car and expenses. Send resume to: 
IN D U S T R IA L P O W E R 
T O O L 
S A L E S M A N A G E R * 
P.O . B o x 4 7 7 6 7 
D a lla s, T X 7 8 2 4 7 
Equal Opportunity Employer 

Bottling Co. of Son Antonio is accepting applications for 

ROUTE SALES TRAINEES 

Starting salary $ 1 3 3 .5 o per week with increased earnings after short training period. Generous benefit package and 

W E B U Y 
Businesses ond Inventories 
J K A H N $ A SSO C 142 4822 
W E S T E R N O A N C E H A L L with 
(kitchen tor sale or lease Fully equipped Call V A N C E R E A L T Y 
732 6135. 

WORMS 
A limited num ber of individuals are needed to raise earthw orm s for on o rganiiation that affords on unlim ited incom e potential 
For information, call E C O L O G Y 
C O N C E P T S IN C , 512-657-o133 
Offices Nationwide_______________ 

W M S 
We buy w orm s under contract 
W orm grow ers needed 
512 653 514o 
W O R M E N T E R P R IS E S 

564 MONEY FO lf MD 

B u sin e ss and In d iv id u a l loans a v a ila b le for a n y p u rp o s e 
52,ooo $1o,ooo,ooo. Contact Mr. T 
W hitely 534 8873 

^ 
I B O O K K F E P I N G ^ 
■ M I 
(TEMPORARY) lf you are between posi­ tions or interested in work­ ing only a day, a week or a month, we can help. Ac- countemps is a temporary personnel service for Ac­ countants and Bookkeepers ond Ootoprocessing.______ 

 a c c o u n l e m p s 
Div. Robert Half Personnel 
Agencies, 
S3 4 o First Natl Bonk Bldg. 
736 2467 

E L E C T R O M E C H A N IC A L 
D R A F T S P E R SO N 
Experienced draftsperson needed to p re p a re s c h e m a tic s, detail parts and assem bly draw ing for use in electronic m anufacturing 
E x p e rie n c e in p rin te d circ u it board design layout and tape-up 
; preferred but not required 
A U ST R O N , INC. 
1915 K ram e r Lane 
Austin, Texas 78758 
512 836 3523 equal opportunity em ployer 

Employment Opportunity 
National arm has opening in san 
Antonio Prefer m arried with col­ lege d e g re e 
S t a r t in g a n n u a l salary up to tit,4oo. Fo r appoint­ ment call E L M artin 736-4267. 
Call M o n d a y or T u e sd a y M a y 
16 I.’ between Ioam -4pm . Equal 
Opportunity Em p loyer 

EQUITABLE 
TRUST COMPANY 
We specialize in the purchase ot: 
•Chattel or Real Estate Notes 
•Financial Leasing 
•Factoring Accounts Receivable 
IN Q U IR E AT 226-o314 
1818 NBC Bldg. 
San Antonio 

CITY OF HON DO is accepting applications for the position of 
CHIEF OF 
POLICE 
Applications stating full qualifications must be in me City Managers oHice by 
5PM, May 24th, 1977, and will be reviewed that same night, 7:3o PM, at City Hall. 

E N G IN E E R D E S IG N D R A F T S 
I M AN, Steel Fabrication Co seek m g men with de sign ability, SO h ou r w o rk w eek, p e rm a n e n t employment F u rn ish resum e to 
Express and New s Box No 4373, 
I 78297_____________________________ 

LXP. PROGRAMMER 
Data share and R P G ll languages 
’ required E x p e rie n c e w ith ac- 
; counting and inventory applica­ tions helpful. Salary com m ensur­ ate with exp Call 225-1541 Ext 42 for appt 

SALES TRAINEES 
Immediate openings lot mofure salesperson to sell quality jewelry 
Previous experience in jewelry soles desirable Training salary will be $375 monthly. 

OFFICE ASSISTANT 
Must be accurate typist, have good personality and appearance. Light 
Bookeepeing 

Call for an appointm ent 
654-1 871 

CARIBE D IA M O N D SALON 
W indsor Park M all 

EARN $2oo to $4oo 
P E R W E E K 
Wanted salesm en lo work on rur al route Neat appearance. Must have car. We pay vou S3o per d a y j on training days. We have se ve ra l! o p e n in g s. S e e J im M c C a r y , 
Howard Johnson Motel, N IM 35. I 

ENCYCLOPAEDIA 
BRITANNICA 
Sales people are am ong the high­ est paid in the world 
1. Immediate openings 
I. We will train 
3. M u st have cur 
4. We work leads appt basis 
For personal interview 

C o ll 732-21o5 

 good working conditions. 

Applicants most Have neat, clean appearance and be willing to do hard, heavy work, 

A p p lic a tio n s ta k e n in p e rs o n o n ly 

 fro m 2 p .m .-6 p.m . M o n d a y -F r id a y 

1 6 2 E x p o s it io n D r. equal opportunity employer 

M A R K E T IN G / S A IF S 
REALTY W O R L D — 
SA N AN T O N IO DISTRICT OFFICE has an opening for Marketing Rep with desire and ability to earn S26 OOO to 
$48,ooo annual commission selling proven Franchise Program to established 
Real Estate Offices. Sfrong sales background with good hack record required. 
Company training and benefits. For confidential interview, call colled 

J e r r y W . T o l b e r t 
Regional Director 

( 7 1 3 ) 6 2 2 - 3 9 o 1 
REALTY WORLD or apply to: 
Wayne Flanagan, San Antonio District Office 
84 N.E. LOOP 41o 
( 5 1 2 ) 3 4 9 - o 1 6 8 

IB A co u p le to m a n a q e an in ­ dependent business in spare time. 
C a ll for in t e r v ie w 342 47o7 
(9-11 am I 694 549o after noon 
JO B H U N T IN G ? S U 565,ooo Ber­ n a rd H a ld a n e & A ss o c . (512) 
342 3166 
S in c e 1947. N ot a placement agency 

Large am ounts of capital— ready to give your business cash flow I P ru d e n t 
Wilt finance m ost se rv ic e and used car op e ratio n s W rite PO 
Box 27478, San Antonio,TX 78227 or call Mr. C a rr at 828 4244 or 
*73-2573 
N E E D C A S H ? ’ 
BUT H A V E NO C R E D IT ? ? ? 
Call Union Finance 223 6871 
PH O N E FO R S M A L L LO AN 
P R E S A F IN A N C E 227 2263 
R E A D Y cash to p u rch ase your real estate m ortqges 225-1475 
S M A L L H O N O R L O A N S 
JUST P R O M IS E TO P A Y 
AAA C R E D IT 
223-4249 

A N T H O N Y Independent School 
District is accepting applications for the position of Superintendent, 
Salary negotiable M ail resume to 
Board of Trustees, P. 
o 
Draw er B, Anthony, Texas 
88o21. 

Architectural Draftsman residentiol, com m ercial 824-6363 

512-INSTRUCTIONS 

C O N S T R U C T IO N 
O F F IC E E N G IN E E R S 

P rogressive heavy and highway con stru ction c o n tra cto r offers c h a lle n g in g e m p lo y m e n t and g re a t o p p o rt u n ity fo r a d v a n ­ cement. Pre fe r civil engineer or c o n stru ctio n m gm t gra d u a te . 
Exp is desirable but not neces­ sary. C ontact C le a rw ate r C o n ­ structors Box 83o Taylor, Tx 76574 

Adults arid Children needlework, crochet, se w in g, h ob b y crafts taught af m y home. Inauire now 
M oney back guarantee. 3o! W. 
Magnolia, Apl. 3 outside__________ 

DAY ANO NITE CLASSES 

New Classes Begin M a y 9th 
Ke yp u n ch , S e cre ta ria l, A c ­ cou nting, D ra ftin g a n d A ll 
Other Busin e ss Courses. 
Vet Approved 
DURHAM COLLEGE 
TDS San Ped ro 
225-54o1 

Consulting engineering firm has an opening for a civil engineering draftsm an with a m inim um of 2 y r s exp. on s u b d iv is io n im - p ro v e m e n ts a n d m u n ic ip a l protects. S a la ry com m ensurate with ability Call 349-o151 for appt 

P E R M A N E N T 
E M P L O Y M E N T 
FO R 
Mature, dependable person with old e sta b lish e d m a p p in g co m ­ pany. Know ledge of abstracting title experemce, and court house records search required No sales work involved. M u st have good car and tree to travel 2 y rs or m ore of co lle g e or e q u ivale n t required Salary, expenses and car allowance + excellent com ­ pany benefits M ost be bondable. 
Se n d re su m e c o m p le te w ith references to P O Box 21o1 San 
Antonio 78297 Ea u a i opportunity employer M -F 

D E L O R E S L E B L A N C - Plano 
Le sso n s 
Adults and Children 
Call 224-5526 
Finish H igh School at Home 
Diplom a aw ard e d F o r free bro chure, call A m e ric a n School, fool free t-8oo-621-8318 

CO U NTY E N G IN E E R 
Kendall County,Texas 
Has position available for County 
En gin e e r. S a la r y open. Letter with resum e of education and ex­ perience required. Interviews bv appointm ent. M a il re su m e s to 
P .O .B o x 399, B o e rn e , T e x a s 
Telephone AC 512-249-213) 

Position Available 
SO U T H W E S T T E X A S 
S T A T E U N IV E R S IT Y 
Part-Time Assistant Director of Recreational Sports and Part Tim e P E Instructor 
One year only <1977-78 school y e a r). C o o rd in a te the fem ale structured in tra m u ra l activities and teach a half load of Phys Ed activity classes. M asters Degree in P E or recreation Knowledge and experience in the structured, u n stru c tu re d , and club sp orts program s. E x p and certification in te a c h in g the fo llo w in g P E courses: Canoeing, Archery, Golf ond Tennis. A p p ly before M a y 
18,1977, to: 
M r. E d Boney 
Dir., Rec Sports 
Rec Sports Office 
SW T SU 
San M arcos,T e xas 78666 

S W T SU IS A N A F F I R M A T IV E 
A C T IO N - E Q U A L O P P O R T U N I­ 
TY E M P L O Y E R 

A positive progressive Real 
Estate company is looking for agents who desire manage­ ment who will bock them up with training and personal at laotian, licensed or we will sponsor for license. 

Call LOREN STINER 

696-992o 
HOHENBERGER- 
COLLINS CO. 

A G E N T S 
Redecorated established location will fill 2 desks New ly licensed learn all fields ot real estate 
M A C R E A L E S T A T E 828-2521 
A G G R E S S IV E S A L E S P E R S O N needed, experience a must Great job with fle x ib le h o u rs if vou qualify Draw + comm. Apply 434 
S. M ain Suite 2o5 
A P R O F E S S IO N A L P A Y C H E C K for a professional fob well done 
Sell fine homes in San Antonio, full o r p a rt-tim e • no e x p e rie n c e needed, lf you have a year of col lege, or are tak in g (or plan to fake) a Real Estate course, or are licensed, we’d like to talk to you. 
Form al training school + on the job tra in in g We sp e c ia liz e in buyers com ing in from out of town who make a decision in t-3 days. 
Don't be afraid to call a m anager now. 
IN T E R S T A T E 828-o755 til 8 pm 
C O N S T R U C T IO N E Q U IP M E N T 
S A L E S , south central Texas ter ritory G ood m arket, excellent lin e s 
So m e e x p e rie n c e in construction or so le s required 
Send resum e to G ira rd M a c h in ­ ery & Supply Co. Box 2131o San 
Antonio, Tx 7822) 

E x m in iste rs, sch o o l te ac h e rs w ho e n io y c a llin g on o th e r professional people with a profes­ sional product Coll 349 168o ofter 
5 for an appointment. You don't 
/.ell or collect. 
E X P E R IE N C E D 
S A L E S P E R S O N 
F o r w holesaler of flow ers and greens to florists, call 349-2728. 
Experienced Tire Salesm an and 
Experienced Shoe Dept M anager 
Excellent benefits, high starting pay Apply in person only 2643 NW 
Loop 
41o. 
Equal opportunity employer 

-REAL ESTATE SALES 

' Mfg are accepting applications for our soon-to-opea Woliem 
Road Office. Extensive in-howse training program. 
For con­ fidential interview calf Ned 
Teishaw at 494-7651 
-■ 

 k o s o u r & k S i m 

•uncurl - it TUPS of TRUST 

S A L E S - R E T A IL 
Part time tor m ature individuals, pleasant w orkin g conditions, ap ply E v e n so n 's H allm ark Cords, 
J I W indsor Park 
SC H O O L T E A C H E R S 
Earn from 51,ooo to 52,ooo tor ll days work starting June 24 July 4. 
Write M r w Firew orks Inc.. PO 
Box 114, Somerset. TX 78o69 
S T A R T NO W Local com pany ex panding sales force. 52oo-54oo per week after tra in in g R apid a d ­ vancem ent to m anagem ent sta tus. N eed tran sp ortation 
P art time welcome. Not insurance or land sales. Call Dan 349 4398 

Fast-grow ing C P A firm needs ex p e rie n c e d A cc o u n tan t with af le ast 2 p a rts of exam . S a la ry c o m m e n s u ra te w ith q u a lifie d fions. Call M r. Gulley or Mr. Kel- ley, *9o-8933______________________ 
Full Charge Bookkeeper 
Experienced. We are a single unit restaurant posturing for growth 
O u r b o o k ke e p in g needs of this point in time are modest but as we grow, the responsibility and com ­ pensation will grow too Tho hours of work are flexible. Please send resum e im m ediately to JS Hon la b iu m , C O M illa r d F illm o re 
G ra m m ar School & Grille. 618o 
W urzbach, SA, 7824o (m ark con• fidential). At least I ch aracter: reference necessary Stote salary range. 
Help needed for outside collection ; work Top com m issions 434 5557 

MANAGED TRAINEE 
Telephone collection agency has im m ediate opening in their San 
Antonio branch office. Credlt-col- lection experience or two years college helpful. M ust be neat, a g ­ gressive and have a need to suc­ ceed. N o outside calls, 4o hour week, good benefits. Excellent 
G u ro ra n te e S a la ry and Bonus. 
Telephone 734-7171 
A C C O U N T S E R V IC E S 
6o8-SECRETARIAL 

SECRETARY 

 filing and clerical ex­ perience necessary 8:3o-5 
Mon.* Fri 
, 

Salary negotiable 
I 

Call for appt. 
733-9167 i 
Wackenhut Corp 
4318 Woodcock Dr. 
Suite 1o1 equol opportunity employer 

SECRETARY 

Filing and clerical ex-1 

 perience necessary. 
Good [ 

 appearance with ability to | 

 meet people. 

Previous experience as a 

 secretary for an ad­ 

 vertising agency preferred. 

Solary based on ex­ 

 perience 
Call 654-121 I for appt. 

I 

CHRYSIER- 
PtYMOUTH 

CITY 

Needs quality people in its business office. Ex­ cellent advancement op­ portunity in a fast grow­ ing dealership. Must be good with figures. 
Bookkeeping experience helpful. 
7ooo NW LOOP 41o 

684-661o 

CLERK TYPIST 
TEMPORARY WORK, for possibly 2 3 months. Experience necessary, need now, ideal tor college student, facili­ ty for figure work ond calculators 
Must type minimum 6o WPM, $1oo per week—4o hrs., 8 $ Mon.-fri., free parking, apply: 

PEARE BREWING CO. 
312 Pearl Parkway OH 17oo 
Blk. Broadway fquol Opportunity Employer. 

ACCOUNTS 
RECEIVABLE 
Experience and trans­ portation necessary 

Apply in Person 
CANYON CREEK 
COUNTRY CLUB 
1791o Blanco 
Ask for Mrs. Neiman 

Receptionist-Secretory: a South 
San located com pany se e k s an individual with a pleasing person­ ality and able to work with other people A ve rage typing, use a d ­ der and calcu lator effectively. 
Able to concentrate and handle details a ccu rate ly R e a d ily a c ­ cepts supervision and follows in­ structions. M a n y com pany ben­ e fits. E a u a i o p p o rtu n ity e m - player. Call 922 *3*1 for appt. 
S E C R E T A R Y R E C E P T IO N IS T , 5 d a y s , 9 a m -S pm , t y p in g 5o, 
Shorthand 8o, general office e x ­ perience, sto rtin g sa la ry $425. 
Call 
225-6779 w eekdays for appointment._____________________ 
W A N T E D : M ature young w om an as receptionist and clerk typist. 
H E IM E R IN D U S T R IE S 
924-8336 

812-MEDICAL 

W e n e e d a 
N a t io n a l 
A d v e r t i s i n g C le r k 

• T y p in g 5 o W P M 

• Creative Ability 

Hours 8-.3o to 5 :3 o 
M on. thru Fri. 

Apply in person 

Personnel office 
9 to l l A.M. - 2 to 4 P.M. 

Express/News Corp. 

 an equal opportunity employer 

SANTA ROSA 
MEDICAL CENTER 

 has an immediate vacancy for 

LICENSED PHYSICAL 
THERAPIST 

Excellent working conditions and fringe benefits 

Apply to the Personnel OHice 

519 W. Houston St. 

228-2343 
Equal Opportunity Employer 

I 

CHRYSIER-PIYMOUTH 
CITY 

Needs quality people in 

 its business office. Ex­ 

 cellent advancement op­ 

 portunity in a fast grow­ 

 ing dealership. Must be 

 good with figures. 

Bookkeeping experience 

 helpful. 

7ooo NW LOOP 41o 
684-661o 

CREDIT INTERVIEWER, 
CASHIER, 

RECEPTIONIST 
4 o h o u r s . M a j o r c o rp , b e n e f it s . a p p l y in p e r s o n 

 to M r . T u r n e r 
K aro tk in ’s 
Furniture 
98o3 Broadway equal opportunity employer 

L V N s 
• 3-11 Shift 
• 
Supervisory exper­ ience preferred 
• Northside of town 
Call Tony Haden 
656-78oo 
For appointm ent 

SOUTHERN MANOR 

* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
- 
* 
*I 

LY N 

• I pm-9 pm shift 

A p p l y in P e r s o n 

CARRIAGE SQUARE 

NURSING HOME 

8o 2 o Blanco 

3 4 4 -4 5 5 3 

EXP. SA L E S P E R SO N 

We neeB sales people who can be trained a-, tew elery dept m a n ­ a g e rs We o fte r ra p id a d v a n ­ cement opportunity, good salary, paid vacation and holidays, group hospital and free life insurance, stock p r u c h a s e p la n a n d retirement plan. Apply in person to Mr. Tripp 
United Jewelers and Distributors 
W IN D SO R P A R K M A L L 
FLO O R C O V E R IN G S A L E S 
H ave need af 2 q u alifie d floor covering sales person - I retail sates in store - I contract sales in field. Both m ust have- experience and references. Call 734 43o3 tor appt. Keller Carpets 

SALES OPPORTUNITY 

We are looking for people in­ terested in pursuing a career in 
REAL ESTATE We offer an ex­ cellent commissien schedule, plus extensive campany wide training. 
Sqll fqr an interview, 
* $ 4 4 -6 2 o 7 
DEANIE 
OWENS CO. 
Rf AITORS— MIS 

 n . West ofC 

T E L E P H O N E S A L E S P E R S O N S 
Wanted. Experienced, top notch. 
$125-5175 week plus bonuses. Sort selling. 684-4488 
Telephone sales help now availa­ ble 
924-32oo between 9-12, 4-8. 
M ondav-Frid av 

S3 PEB HOUR PLUS com m ission to start, colling on our custom ers. C a r necessary 
Must be neat and clean-cut 
494 5812 
Full time m ature sale s person needed to sell art, picture frames, an artist supplies. E x p e rie n c e required. A p p ly in p e rso n 67o 
North Star M all 
H J. H E R B E C K R E A L T Y , INC 
Needs full and part time agents to 
; staff ifs Dellview office. For de- tails coli H J Herbeck 349-1479 
I Im m ed iate o p e n in g for exper- lenced sales person with a fire 
I service b a c k g ro u n d E m p h a sis on e q u ip m e n t 
R e tre a d B a c k ground desirable. Send resum e and salary histroy to box no. 4416, 
Express and News, 78297 

REAL ESTATE 
Attend our real estate classes, learn and earn. Coll 736-4296 for 
Oppt. P E T E C A N T U 
__________ K E Y G R O U P _________ 
R E A L E S T A T E 
T R A IN IN G SC H O O L 
F R E E -fo r ind ivid uals interested in a career in real estate 681-o66o 
RED CARPET 

•YOUR OWN ABENCV* 
F arm ers Insurance Group offers com plete train in g p rogram and all types of insurance. Continue present job while starting your own agency on part time basis. 
Training and supplies furnished. 
For a confidential interview, con­ tact S a le s 
M a n a g e r , j e r r y 
M cD ougold by colling 824-7573 

SECRETARY 
A b ility to ta k e ch a rge of co m p le te office functions. 

Com pany paid benefits 
S a la r y n e g o tia b le d e p e n d in g on p r e v io u s e xp e rie n ce 

A p p l y in p e r s o n o r c a ll f o r a p p t . 
Rhoades Transfer 
& Storage 
3o Essex St. 
532-5234 e q u a l o p p o rtu n ity e m p lo y e r 

A Very Special Service i New D ay Personnel Consultants j 
> 
9o1 N E Loop 41o- 828 *494 
I 

BOOKKEEPER " 
I Exp e rie n ce d only, Kuest Corp ,! 
M etal F a b ric a to rs, 1o9o9 IH 35 
North. 655 122o___________________ 
B O O K K E E P E R , part time, 4 hrs i a day, 5 days M rs Rose, 494 3594 
C L E R K T Y P I S T m on fri 8-5, 
Converse- 
Schertz- 
UC orea 
658-7o74 

CREDIT TRAINEE 
Good future with nationwide retail firm. Excellent com pany benefits, com petitive salary. Experien ce helpful but not necessary. Apply in person to M r. Tripp 
United Jewelers 

W IN D S O R P O R K M A L L 

6o4 TECHNICAL 

CB R E P A IR M A N FC C licensed 
Coll Service M g r 349 4465 
M IC R O W A V E T E C H N IC IA N 
C able T e le v isio n O perator has need for experienced microwave technician in Corpus Christi, Tex as area. First class FC C license p re fe rre d . S e co n d c la ss F C C license required. Applicants must h a v e p r io r e x p e rie n c e w ith 
Raytheon, Lenkurt and Motorola m icro w ave equipm ent. Vehicle p ro v id e d . S e n d re su m e a n d s a la ry re q u ire m e n ts to: P E R ­ 
S O N N E L M A N A G E R , Box 393o7, 
Denver, Colorado 8o239 An Equal opportunity Em ployer 

CQUPOM AGENTS 
333-8677 after Bom 

R E A L E S T A T E 
I N E E D 
T W O 
F U L L 
T IM E 
A G E N T S T H A T N E E D A N IN 
( C O M E IN E X C E S S O F $15,ooo 
P E R Y E A R . 736 4426 
D E A N IE 
O W E N S 
CO 
R E A L T O R S 

H A L L M A R K A E R O T E C H 
113o 99th ST, Stinson Field 
924-8551 
■LEWIS BARBER COLLEGE 
62o8 S Flores 
924-388o 

Director of Social Services 
N SW re q u ire d ; a b ility to com ­ m u n ica te a ffe c tiv e ly , bath in writing and orally. M ust be bilin­ gual. A pply in person, St Ben­ e d ic t'* H o s p it a l and N u rs in g 
H om e, S. A la m o of Jo h n so n , 
222-o)71. 
Equal 
Opportunity 
Em ployer 

DRAFTSMAN 

Professional Executive 
Consultants Int'l 
Personnel Consultants 
6243 IH IO, Suite 44o 
512-736-2263 
R e fin e ry 
E n g in e e r , 
B S in chemical engineering, reform er e x p e rie n ce p re fe rre d . P le a se send resum e to Sigm or Refining 
Co., PO Box 49o, T hree R ivers, 
T X 78o71. Attn: Pkint M anager. 

Perm anent position in civil and structural e n gineering office in 
S.A. M inim um 2 yrs exp Salary c o m m e n s u r a t e w ith a b ility. 
826-7347 for anat 

RICH and A S S O C IA T E S 
Em ploym ent Service 
684o A San Pedro 826-o661 
T o e t hc r a '4fTs'f'SY’STJI Ti. 
O N A W A N T A D 
T H I N U M B IS TO C A IL 
IS 2 2 5 -1 6 6 6 
C X P H IS 5 A N D N I W S 

Buy yourself the sporting equipment you’ve been wanting. You’ll find great buys in today's Want Ads. 

Call 

2 2 5 -1 6 6 6 

Iv you are p ursuing a career in 
Real Estate and are looking tor an opportunity to grow with a young p ro g re ssiv e o rg a n iz a tio n then call this num ber today for an ap­ pointment - 734-1334 G E C U Realty 
Corporation.______________________ 

MALES OR FEMALES 
Telephone solicitors, auaranteed salary, pius weekly bonuses. 
734-2754._______________________ 
M A N A G E R T R A IN E E 
Radio Shack H as opening for col­ lege g ra d u a t e s in sto re m o n agement training program , j Local m oving and storage com- 

S A L E S , d egree or college, for 
I mkg.co. $1o,2oo plus comm, Fee 
Reim bursed 
Century Placem ent Service 
153 W Century Bldg 349 1373 

SALES PERSON 

Part time paste-uo and darkroom for composition shop, Thurs - Sun. 
S2.5o an hour to start. Call Mon- dnv only 828-5172 

I 
I 
•I 
II 

I 
^ ^ 2 2 6 - 8 3 8 5 for 

EXECUTIVE SECRETARY 
Good shorthand ond typing skills needed for established in­ dependent oil company. IBM Ex­ ecutive typewriter Receptionist and telephone answering duties. 
Other general office jobs os required. Solory com­ mensurate with ability ond ex­ perience. S (toy week. Down­ town parking provided. 
Cc " * 

E X P E R IE N C E D B O O K K E E P E R 
C a p a b le of p a y ro lls, journals, general ledger and tax reports 
M u st have a m inim u m of 5 y rs exp. with full set of books Attrac­ tive s a la r y a n d b e n e fits, if 
Qualified, contact M r Daw kins, 
M ortgage B a n ke rs Corp. 622 P e­ troleum Com m erce Bldg 2o1 N. 
St M arys. 225-2858 

C a m p N u rs e for p riv a te g ir ls cam p June I - August 15, B a n dera, Tx 5)2 796-33o2.____________ 
E x p e r ie n c e d M e d ic a l T r o n - s c rib e r tor In te rn a l M e d ic in e 
Sp e c ia list N o rth sid e location. 
M onday- Friday, full fringe ben­ efits, salary open. Send resum e to 
Exp re ss and News Box No. 437o. 
78297______________________ 

For dow ntow n pediatric office. 
Licensed Vocational N u rse with pediatric hospital and or office e xp e rien ce M a tu re in d iv id u a l who can assum e supervisory po 
Sition. S a la ry negotiable. C a ll 
224-4663, ask for M rs Rodriguez 
LVN , 117 
Coll M rs. Morse, 224-2381. 
L V N s and R N s , p art tim e, alt shifts Oak Hills Care Center 73o2 
Oak M anor Dr. 344-8537 

LVNS 
3 It F U L L T IM E 
7-3 P A R T T IM E 
924-8136 

LVNS NEEDED! 
Att shifts. Care inn of Seguin. 
I 379-7777 
L V N Wanted sm all nursing home, relief shift. 227 3812, 
M a tu re te a c h e r fo r M e d ic a l 
Vocational School. M ust be able to type 5o words, know Med term s, dictaphone. 224-o756 or 822 3o89 
Ms. Voiqht. 

F E E P A ID 
H e a v y A cc ts P a y a b le , N 'Sid e , 
596oo. Call 8A M -8 P M days and weekends. 
Century Placem ent Service 
IS I W Century Bldg 349-1373 
G e n e ral office w ork with book­ k e e p in g e x p e rie n c e , a p p ly at 
Medi-Cenfrai 7526 Louis Pasteur 
D r. 

PROGRAMMER ANALYST 
A g g re ssive service bureau with n a tio n a l c u sto m e r base se e ks 
C o b o l P r o g r a m m e r w ith m in inturn of 2 years experience. De gree and tele p roce ssin g exper ience helpful. Send resum e and salary requirem ents to: Ran M o­ ran at T ab ulating Syste m s and 
Service, P O D raw er 2147, H arlin­ gen,Tx 7855o 

732-3612. 
M ust be linguistically well versed in English, French and Germ an. 
224 o282____________ 

OWN YOUR OWN AGENCY 
Train with the T ra v e le r's In su r­ ance Com pany for 37 m onths to become a mutti-line independent agent. Call Mr. B ranch 225-7661. 
Equal opportunity em ployer M F 

O N A W A N T A D 
TH I N U M 8 C R TO C A U 
IS 2 2 5 -1 6 6 6 fX P R C S S A N D N IW S 

 pony has opening for am bitious sales p erson U nlim ited oppor- tunity. 333-333o 
________________ 

SALES PERSON 
C E N T R A L P A R K M A L L 
L O C A T IO N 
I M atu re sale s person for ladies s p o rts w e a r sh o p 
M u s t h a v e previous retail experience. C us­ tomer service and multiple sales f are the name of the game, s day week, fringe benefits. 
C A L L M IS S T A Y L O R 
924-5661 
1 
For interview Appointment 

Sim plex Tim e Recorder Co. needs 
F I E L D S E R V I C E R e p re se n ta ­ tives M ust have good electro me c h a n ic a l b a c k g r o u n d . 
C a ll 
653-o1o7 for appointment. 
VI BENCH TECH and outside service calls. M ust be experienced. Apply Sim pson TV 
924-6682 

BOS - RESUMES 

P ro f. R e s u m e s , w ritte n a n d 
T y p e d . C a ll fo r A ppt. L in d a 
Brown. 735-3494 aft 5pm 
R E L IA B L E R E S U M E S 
W R IT T E N R E A S O N A B L Y 
E c o n - o - R e s o u r c e s , 42o4 G a r* dendale, 699-1o15. 

A D M IN S E C R E T A R Y typing sk ills 6owpm , shorthand 
SOwprn, requires at least 4 yrs of responsible secretarial exp. Will substitute college for exp. up to 2 yrs. Excellent working conditions and fringe benefits. Good salary and excellent opportunity for car­ eer advancem ent. To apply con­ tact E m p loym ent Office, Bexar 
County Hosp. Dist. 45o2 Medical 
Dr. San Antonio 78234. 696-3o3o/ 
Ext 
221. 
Equal opportunity em ployer 

General office and lite bookkeep­ ing, to-key by touch, prefer I yr experience. Goo benefits, salary 
$412 month. Tex Pack Express 
225-3341 

INSURANCE SECRETARY exp. in fire and casualty, policy ra tin g a n d ty p in g n e c e ssa ry . 
Salary based on qualifications + benefits. 924-4276 

LEGAL SECRETARY 
Downtown law office, experience preferred, sa la ry com m ensurate with previous experience, train­ ing and ability, typing profiencv required. 75 W P M minim um with accuracy, parking provided. For more infor and Interview call Mr. 
Levey at 226 )463. 
L E G A L S E C R E T A R Y , with M ag 
Card ll experience. 226-6291. 
LEGAL SECRETARY 
E x p necessary, good pay, plush office, good benefits. Bob Cowan 
Jr. 341-2266 or 492 1 68o________ 

Hom e builder need experienced bookkeeper-secretory N S office 
Salary based on experience 
494-1666. 

MEDICAL DENTAL 
Positions available-m any areas 
DR. P E R S O N N E L M E D IC A L - 
D E N T A L Em ploym ent Service 
Oak Hilts Med Bldg, 69o-991o 

M E D IC A L R E C E P T IO N IS T , ex perienced, m ature for Physicians office. M ust have experience in 
Doctors oHice and be capable of su p e rvisin g. S a la ry open, b e n ­ efits. write qualifications ond ex p e rie n c e s to the E x p r e s s a n d 
News BOX No. 4374, 78297 
M edical Secretary for Northside 
Internist, lite back office w ork required, must be experienced in all fro n t o ffice p r o c e d u r e s 
696-857o or J42-4722 between 9 6 

Insurance Sec. S 5 o o + + 
T y p e 4o, lik e fig u re s , w ell groom ed for m ajor insurance co. 
Great benefits. Call Ron 657-1212 
Banner Personnel Service East 
85oo Village Dr. at 41 OE 

L e g a l typ ist dow ntow n office, good typist, dictaphone, sa la ry co m m e n su rate with ability and experience. 
Call 
226-4131 
M rs 
Allen. 
N o r t h s id e C P A firm n e e d s experien ced F u ll C h a rg e B ook­ keeper. S a la r y co m m e n su rate with qualification Call Mr. Gulley or Mr. Kelley, 69o-8933 
N orthside office seeks a m ira te typist, applicant should type to 
W P M , h e a v y ty p in g req u ire d , good benefits, please call for ap pointmenf, 341-2261. 
P A Y R O L L C L E R K , N E San A n ­ tonio, touch 1o-key, add and type, start $14o weekly with automatic in c re a s e s , e x c e lle n t benefits, 
C olonial C ake Co, 2ooo N. WW 
W hite, 
661-2361. 
A n 
E q u a l 
Oopportunlty Em ployer. 

THI N U M BER TO C A U 
IS 2 2 5 -1 6 6 6 
EXPRESS A N D N EW S 

RN and IVN 
11-7 

Golden Manor 736-4544 

R N s and L V N s applications being a cc e p te d fo r staff re lie f a n d private duty, part or full time. 
C h o o se sh ift a n d h o u r s . 
Hom em akers Upjohn 224-2341 

HITS 
Full or part time for rehabilitation n u rsin g. E x c e lle n t s a la ry and fringe benefits. Call M rs. Watts, 
D ir e c t o r of N u r s in g , c o lle c t 
512-672-2831, M onday thru Friday, 
9A M -3P M , T e xa s Rehabilitation 
Hospital, Gonzales, Texas 
R N ’S N E E D E D 
IC U -C H A R G E 
Nursefinders 226-6333 
RN Supervisor 3-11 
R N s and L V N s 
F U L L * P A R T T IM E 
E X P E R IE N C E D A ID E S 
N o n - sm o k e rs p le a se a p p ly 
Ioam-12 Hillside M anor 831o Gault 
Lone. 828-o6o*_______ i 

15o76857 

 rn 

 lilt 

B 
O 
W 
I - M 
M 
I P P I — 
S 
A 
P S 
TEXAS SIZE SAVINGS.. 
A lines $ 
IO 
D A Y S 

MEDICAL 
614 SKILLS- 

RfAp 
(fcP# 

* 
LV N 
* 
Part time relief, J; 

TRABER 
614 SKILLS TRADES ^ 
SKILLS - TRADES 

HOH COMMERCIAL! 
CANCELLABLE 
W ITHOUT 
RATE CHANGE 

■ P W P 

3 
2 
5 
- 1 
6 
6 
6 
QUICK RESULTS! 

7-3, and 3-11 
* 
R N 
££ Charge position, 3-11 t 

Full or part time 
Apply in person ie, 616 W. Russell 

% SAN PEDRO MANOR 

A t e 
* * * * * * * * Y 

Immediate opening (or onj 

Operating Room 
Supervisor) 

 and an OR Tech in a 1oo-bod) 

 tglly accredited hospitol. At-j 

 tractive salary and excellent) 

 fringe benefits. Please con­ 

 tact the Administrator - D. M. 

Cogdell Memorial Hospital • 

Snyder, Texas 79549. fquah 

Opportunity Employer. 

X-Ruv I etnnician tor Dr Clinic, excellent hours and DOV. pension fund. A vailab le now. Reply E x ­ press News Box 4477, Son Anton- 
- to, Tx. 78297 
_____________ 

PLANT EN G IN EER 

A m ajor m anufacturing firm in Rio Grande 

V alley area has an opening for a PLANT 

ENGINEER. 
Several years experience re­ 

 quired in m anufacturing. Job duties include: 

 responsibility for all facilities involved in the 

 m anufacturing process including building, 

 m achinery and equipm ent. 
W ill also be 

 responsible for overall operation o f engineer­ 

 ing dept. 
O utstanding com pany benefits. 
Salary open. 

 apply in person: 

 nearest Texas Employment Commission office 

Equal opportunity em ployer 

 a d p aid for b y em ployer 

EXPERIENCED 

Furniture 

ASSEMBLY MAN & 

CABINET MAKER 

Good salary 

See Mr. Gonzalez 

Bell Furniture Co. 

1o3 E. Commerce 

614 SKILLS-IRADES 

W 
S S S S S S S m 
S S S S 

S a n A n t o n i o EXPRESS N E W a - — Saturday M a y 14 I £ 7 7 

IMMEDIATE 
OPENINGS 

* Single needle operators 

♦ Sergers 

♦ Sew Sergers 

* Buttonsewers 

Evperienced only 
CMT CORP. 

2 2 7 L o n e S t a r B lv d . 
226-5526 

616 FOOD URINX SERVICES 
616 FOOD DRINK SERVICES 
62o HELP WANTED 

614 SKILLS-TRADES 

A IR C R A F T 
W O R K E R S 
NEEDED 
IMMEDIATELY 
SHEET METAL 
FABRICATORS 
& INSTALLERS 
INTERIOR 
FABRICATORS 

CABINET MAKER TO 
SUPERVISE AND WORK IN 
W OODW ORKING SHOP 

Only Experienced need apply! 
ASSOCIATED 
AIR 
CENTER 
8 3 2 1 L E M M O N 
(love field) 
D a lla s , T x 7 5 2 o 9 o r call: 

C ly d e L a F le u r collect 
(214) 35o-41 11 
A n E q u a l O p p o rtu n ity 
E m p lo y e r 

AUTOMOTIVE 

We need an experienced 

BODY SHOP ASSISTANT 
Qualified in talking with cus­ tomers, writing estimates and handling body shop personnel lf you ore this person, and looking for a permanent position, with good opportunity for advance meat with an established busi ness we would like to talk to you 

Call Mr. lee Borchers 
225-65o1 

IMMEDIATE OPENINGS 
• W AREHOUSEMEN 
Experienced with out-bound and in bound freight, log­ ging and stocking of inventory 
• CABLE HOIST OPERATORS/ 
EQUIPMENT M OVERS 
Operate forklift, commercial license required 
Company paid benefits. 
Salary commensurate negotiable depending on experience 

A p p l y in p e r s o n 3 o E s s e x St, o r ca ll f o r a p p t . 5 3 2 * 5 2 3 4 
Rhoades Transfer & Storage 

 e q u a l o p p o r t u n it y e m p l o y e r 

SHOP FOREMAN 
M e t a lw o r k i n g 
Second Shift 

Long hours and hard w ork. 
M ust be well organized and analytical as w ell as strong and determ ined. 
Should have several years of supervisory experience involving fabrication or assembly. Excellent pay, fringes and benefits. 

Call 656-o259, after 7 p.m. and weekends 

 equal opportunity em ployer 

HAS IMMEDIATE 
OPENINGS FOR 
MECHANICAL 
DRAFTER 
Prefer person with college tram mg and 2 years practical ex penenre dealing with sheet metal fabrication. Other light manufacturing or 
Architectural experience will be considered 
Please opply 

3326 Fredericksburg Rd. 
. 

OFFSET PRESSMAN 
Exp offset pressman, great op­ portunity to advance craftsman. You will learn to I operate the newest 2 and 3 color rotnry forms presses. 
Good pay, excellent working conditions, all fringe benefits, including profit sharing 
Professional 
Business Forms 
227-5321 

 n e e d e d 
IMMEDIATELY 

 by large b u ild e r/developer 

• TRUCK DRIVERS 

Commercial license Required 

• DOOR FABRICATOR 

 carpentry experience helpful 

Call Tom Hon 

6 5 5 - 4 4 2 o 

OVERSEAS 
DRILLING 
Needs Experienced 
• DRILLING 
SUPERINTENDENT 
• DIESEL 
MECHANIC 
CALL 
512/884-8834 
Equal Opportunity Employer 

MISCELWITOUS 
62o KELP WANTED 

 miscellaneous 
RESTAURANT MANAGER 

Experienced in food monufocturing, 

 payroll, portion control, menu prepara­ tion and costing. Salary commensurate 

 with experience 

Call Mrs. Cunningham for appt. 
2 2 7 - 4 3 4 3 E xt. 3 7 3 
Joske’s Of Texas 
Alam o Plaza Store e q u a l o p p o r t u n i t y e m p lo y e r 

PART TIME 
PART TIME 

DEALER NEEDED IMMEDIATELY 
IN NATALIA 

Of Alf R WANTED IN N AI AHA IF YOU NIED HURA CASH, H I ASI 
CAU DAVID [INN COUICT 225-7411 ext M S or 114 or *28 
7273 (home phone). 

You will be « denier representing the Express hews servicing Home delivery customers rn the morning and nfternoon newstand rocks in th* morning and afternoon 

* Excellent income supplement for someone living in this aren 
* No esp*''encr netessory 
* Good ttonspoi lotion required, cor transportation pard 
* Net SADO OO monthly 

A Wotk 4 horns doily. ? hows in the morning end 2 hoots in the evening 
This is good for trothing family, reined peisons or housewwos or high school students 
An (qual Opportunity im plorer 

624 SIRIA!IONS WANTED 

A rrie mo hom e from Se m in a ry 
M ay 2* Varied wore experience; 
UT graduate 
References., Seek mo sum m er 1ob SA or Johnson 
City 
P le a se cot! 4 o 4 -H 7 S a n d move message___________________ 
Babysitting or kohl house work or dish woshm q or any kind of tioht work RT I. B O X 2*5 (Older Palm 
Park__________________ __________ 
Babysitting mb wanted O r child care center IS Years old South or east side preferable J U W M 
Babysitting in the northeast part of town, a fte rn o o n s a n d w ee kends Experienced 455 49*s 

$$ STUDENTS $$ 

W o rk after school and Saturday in a route-building program for 
San 
A ntonio's fastest grow in g new spaper. 

 lf you are be tw een the age s of 
13-17 and w illing to w ork hard a few hours each d a y w e can teach you to earn up to $5o w eekly! 
Interested? Call Pete 

8 2 6 - 6 8 7 8 

An Equal O p p o rtu n ity Employer 

I years I wiring experience 

W ant to Relocate? 

TOWN & COUNTRY FORD in Del Rio is looking for 2 good 
LINE MECHANICS 
Must have own loots. For the 
•ight type of personnel, com pony may help with relocation expenses, Contact 

John Allegro, Service Mgr. 
1 -775-74 85 or after 7:3o P.M., 
I-7 7 5 -9 7 3 3 

CONSTRUCTION 
SUPERVISOR 

Supervise Job Superintendents, Doing Take-offs, 
Bidding, Scheduling, Expediting. 

CALL COLLECT TO JERRY BERNSTEIN, 
HARRY REED & COMPANY 

1-713-524-81o8 Between 3:3o PM and 5:3o PM 

Send resumes to 
2444 TIMES BLVD., HOUSTON, TX 77oo5 

I 
FOSS ELECTRIC CO. 
| 
- 
9 o 1 o Aero 
~ 
- 
8 2 4 * 2 3 5 8 
| 

 n iiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiim iit in it iH im 

AIR CONDITIONING 
INSTALLATION 
HELPERS 
Needed 

• Minimum 6 months experience 

• transportation and some tools required 
342-31o5 
9 am-4 pm weekdays 

N E E D 
E X P E R I E N C E D 
R E M O D E L IN G C A R P E N T E R . 
D eceivable, own tools and tram sporntion (prefer truck) 
N O R T H E A S T 
B U IL D E R S 
349-4191 

Georgia Pacific 
Corp. 
Needs person lo work in lum­ ber yard with commercial license to do some diving. 
Minimum age 21 
Excellent benefits 
Start $2.6o per hour 
Apply in person to 
Bob Hogan 
535 N W W. White Rd. 
Equal Opportunity Employer 

LONE STAR 
Volkswagen 

Needs a mechanic 

 with experience. 

SEE BOB DABNEY 

AT 33o3 BROADWAY 

FOOD DRINK SERVICES 

A «■ A*) lAk A*, eh Iiffli PbefcJfcxT] 
JACK-IN-THE-BOX 

FAMILY RESTAURANTS 
Abound with opportunities tor sharp individuals seeking full or part time positions. 

• flexile hours 
• Good storting pay 
• Performance raises 
• Company paid benefits include hospitalization and vacation. 
• Great growth potential 

Apply in Person 8 am 11 am 

 or 3 pm -6 pm at 

3315 San Pedro or 8 am -11 am 

33o3 San Pedro 
(No phone calls Pleas*) 
(qual 
Opportunity 
Employer 

 i s a 

Help Wanted 
Miscellaneous 

 i 
SEW ING 
■ 
MACHINE 
I MECHANIC 

I 
N E E D E D 

■ 
* M ust be Experienced 
I CMT CORP 
® 
227 lone Star Blvd. 
— 

T B I M 
H 
U 
| 

Air Conaittoninq Sub contractors. top DOV. 734-7253 M r. Reed 
A n e s ta b lis h e d firm , w onts 
-maimed concrete Forem an. Must have experience, good benefits 
Call 144 8948 atter 7:3o nm 
A P P L IA N C E S E R V IC E M A N for w ashers, dryer, ranges. E x p e r­ ienced only 342-17*o 
B A R B E R wanted Aoplv in p e r­ son 2343 Vance Jackson 8am-6pm 

BODYWORK 
Experience necessary, plenty at work, apply in person, Calmbach 
Co. D A T S U N , 2719 F re d e rick s burg Rd. 
B R IC K L A Y E R S and M A S O N R Y 
S U B C O N T R A C T O R S needed im ­ mediately 655-45o5 
B u rg la r a la rm installation ond servicem en, experien ced only. 
$4.75-55.5o per hour. W ork in 
Houston. 
Certified 
Alarm 
1-713-$22-1o2! 
Burglar alarm service man need ed immediately, night hours, only experienced need apply. 226-12*7 
B usiness m achine salesm an de­ sirin g m anagem ent opportunity with g ro w in g com pany, sa la ry open Call 342-3124 tor appt. 
C A B IN E T M A K E R S 
A N D A S S E M B L E R S 
Call for app t 333-461! 
CAR D R IV E R S wanted apply in person. South T e x a s Tire Test 
Fleet. Devine, Tx. 819 N. T ra n ­ sportation Dr 
C A R P E N T E R S , su b con tract, transportation and tools required, 
349-o*42. 3 am-1o am 
Reasonable 
Roofing and 
Rem odeling 
C E N T R A L A IR 
C O N D IT IO N IN G S E R V IC E M A N needed Experien ce required in residential and sm all commercial system s Top pay for qualified man. Plenty of work. M any com ­ pany benefits. Y O U N G P L U M B 
ING CO., Port Lavaca, Texas 
1 - 5 5 2 - 6 / 3 3 ______________ 
C on i m e re id I app hance service technician experienced in ranges, d ish w a sh e rs, o v e n s ond dispo sals. M ust be reliable, ambitious and neat in appearance Good pay ond benefits for righ t person. 
735 281 1 tor appointment_________ 
C O N C R E T H F IN IS H E R S 
B R ID G E C A R P E N T E R S 
S T E E L T IE R S 
EO E m p lo ye r p a y in g T H D pav scale. 222-o*o* 
_________ _ 
Concrete w orkers, form sellers, steel liers, fin ish e rs, lab orers 
349-4237. 345-377:. 
__ 
Construction Equipm ent Opera- tors, 
Scraper, 
Dozer, 
Loader, i 
22*o141. 
, 
D R A F T S M A N 
Applications are now being taken j lot heating ond air conditioning draftsman. Heating- cooling looa calculation, duct lay-out, equip­ m ent s iz in g a n d a p p lic a tio n . 
D ra ttin g e x p e rie n ce required. 
Apply 2233 NW Loop 41o, 341 71*1. 

 a i t 

A M E R IC A N PRIN TERS 

FOLDER 
OPERATORS 

American Printers 

 has a fine opportunity for an experienced color strip­ per a n d folder operator. 
W e offer excellent wages, com pany benefits and grow th potential 

Coil 224-2271 

 f 
' 
- N 
Ventura 
Manufacturing Co. 

 h o * im m e d ia te o p e n in g s for: 
WELDERS 
M ig Stick Welding 
Blue print reading required. 

Paid benefits, health and life insurance, holidays and vacation. Educational assist­ ance. 
Call: Eiva 
434-4371 

2 5 2 7 S W 3 6 th Street 

 e q u al opportunity employer • 

N eed se rvice station attendant a n d m e c h a n ic h e lp e rs. 
934 
Fred ericksb urg Rd. 733 9811. 

OFFSET PRESSMAN 
W eb-Fed rotary oft-set pressm an needed bv a tabloid new spaper printing plnnt Good opportunity 
Coll 735-54iv, 9 om s pm 

PARTTIME 
INSPECTOR for local civil engineering firm. 
Benefits. 655-7223 

NIGHT SHIFT 

Monday-Thursday 

5:3o p.m.-9:3o p.m. 

Experienced only 

 trimmers 

• Pressers 

• fusing Press Operators 

• Finishing Department 
CMT CORP 

227 Lone Star Blvd. 
226 5526 

 is looking for 
FRAMING 
SUBCONTRACTORS 
6 5 5 - 8 7 3 2 

TRUCK 
DRIVER 

M ust be experienced. Bilin- guol. K n o w city well. 

S e e M r . G o n z a le z a t 
BELL FURNITURE 
1 o 3 i. C o m m e r c e 

(N o phone calk) 

E x p e rie n c e d only retail meat counter man. 
433-9o11. 
52* N. 
Zarzam ora. 
E x p e rie n c e d d ie se l tru c k m e­ chanic to work with White trucks. 
E E O employer. 497-3711_______ 

EHP. MACHINIST 
D.S. Anthony & Sons 
1235 W. Laurel 734-5121 
Finish carpenters Needed: 2818 
N E Loop 41o, P e lic a n 's Wharf. 
Call 657-222o. 

FITTER 
Lillie Rubin Salon 

11* Central P ark Mall apply in person or call 
342-9323 M rs Barnett equal opportunity employer 

F R A M E R S w anted, la rge sub division in need of experienced 
Fram ers. Steady work, 494-34o1, 
8:3o am-5 pm, M onday-Frldoy. 
F u rn itu re re p a ir and touchup person. P a rtim e . E xp e rie n ce d p re fe rre d . No Sm o k in g. G ood 
Pay. F IS H E R 'S . 145o N E Loop 
41o. 

L E A R N A T R A D E 
We train you m field of printed packaging films, lob with future in rapidly growing co. Start $2.7o an hour, periodic raises while training, group ho­ spitalization, paid holidays, vaca­ tion, profit sharing + other fringe benefits. R o ta tin g sh ifts with p re m iu m pav 15c an hr, 4o hr week. Call 222-17oo, 8am -12 noon 

P L U M B E R S 
E X P D H E L P E R S 
A P A R T M E N T C O N ST R U C T IO N 
Top pay, benefits W rite: M I L ­ 
TON U. L E V Y PLBG . BOX 2V5o9, 
Dallas, Tx. 75229 Alin: Charles 
Lodum ___________________________ 

PORSCHE RESTORATION 
Several lob openings are ovaila ble in one ol this nation's most re sp e c te d re sto ra tio n sh o p s. 
Looking for dedicated, talented and reliable young men to learn the art of re storation of these great cars. Applicants must have excellent character references. 
Call 1o-11:3oam weekdays, Paul 
McDougalt 924-111 I______________ 
P r e s s 
B r a k e O p e ra to r and 
G rin d e r needed Paid holidays. 
Paid vacation atter I vr service. 
________ 344-o)28________ 

Presser-Silk Finisher 
M ust be experienced 
E A R L S C L E A N E R S 
___________ 
342-8o51________ 

PRINTER 
I im m ediate opening. A B. Dick 
36o and itek Plate maker. Call 
828-5845._______________ 
; 
P R IN T IN G P R E S S M A N Rotary, 
$12,ooo per year & up depending upon experience. Excellent ben 
I etifs and w orking conditions. In j B re n h a m — T e x a s' Finest Com - I m unrty 6o m iles from Houston. 
E L E C T R O D A T A D IV ISIO N , CCT ; 
! C O M P A N Y , W rite B Hoek, PO ! 
Box 19573, Houston, Tx 77o24 or call coiled (713)868-1495 
P R O F E S S I O N A L 
T R U C K I 
D R IV E R S , local and over the 1 road, 3 yrs experience. *48-3572 

Q U A L I T Y B A K E R 
Apply in Person IO to 4 
T h e P a s t r y C o u rt 
__________114 W O LM O S_________ I 
R O O F E R S , sub contract, Ira n 
I sportation needed, no equipment 
I necessary, 349-o*42, 8 am-1o am 
: Reasonable 
Roofing and 
Remodeling 

CARPENTER 
SUB-CONTRACTORS 
Jim Walter Homes 

 lins work available tot homing sub-contractors Experience with piling and poured pier foun dohons desirable 
Must hove crew, tools ond transportation 
Call 653-1336 equal opportunity employer 

........■ ■ ■ ■ i 4 

Wanted good experienced blade m a n aptly $525 an h ou r a n d overtime, experience in PH A and 
V A inspections, also w illin g to work in Northwest San Antonio 
Call between 3-7pm *58 4135 
W anted good experience T ru ck 
D r iv e r 
(d u m p tru c k ) 
C a ll between 3-7pm *58-4135_________ _ 
W anted! Pointing Sub-Contrac- tors, subdivision in need of e x­ perienced Painting Sub-Contrac- tors. Steady work 494-34o1, 8:3o-5 
Pm, M onday-Friday. 
W AN T E D B V E R THE -RO A D 
TR U C K D R IV E R S 
M a n and w ile learns OK. M in ­ im um age 25. M in im um e x p e r­ ience 2 years. No driving exper­ ience n e c e ssa ry for wile. T r i­ state leased trucks. Joplin, M is ­ souri. Call between 1o-4PM M o n ­ day Friday (417) 423 *914. E au al 
Opportunity Employer. 

LaMansion Motor 

Hotel 

 l l 2 College St. 
Accepting applications for ex perienced restaurant 
• CASHIER 
• BARTENDER 
• WAITRESSES 
• COOKS 
• BUS HELP 
• ALSO NEED 
PBX OPERATOR 

Excellent fringe benefits 

 apply in person 

Room 331 
,:3o a.rn.-4 p.m. Mon.-fr). 

I 
I 
I 

< 

$$ EXTRA CASH $$ 

UP TO $25o PER 
MONTH 

BOYS-GIRLS-ADULTS 
DELIVER EVENING 
NEWS ROUTES 

2 to 3 hrs. Each Evening 

SATURDAY AND SUNDAY 

MORNINGS 

BLANCO, LOOP 41o 
NACOGDOCHES 

HILDEBRAND 

For Information Call 

225-7411, ext. 121 

Before 5:oo p.m. 

An Equal Opportunity Employer 

W A R E H O U S E M E N W A N T E D 
Apply in person at Living W in ­ dows Corp. 
2 -W A Y R A D IO T E C H N IC IA N wanted for W ichita Falls area. 
Top w a g e s by old e sta b lish e d company (817 )723 7155 

616 FOOD ORINK SERVICES 

JACK IN THE BOX 

FAMILY RESTAURANTS 
Needs Night People 
Full ond port time positions available. 

Mature and stable individuals grow with on industry leader which offers: 
• P a id V a c a t io n 
• H o s p it a liz a t io n 

 lf you ore alert, responsible and a night owl, apply in person anytime. 
12o2 Austin Hwy. 
No phone calls please 

Equal Opportunity Employer 

ROOFING 
SUPERINTENDENT 

Applications Being Accepted 
F U L L A N D P A R T T IM E 
H E L P W A N T E D 
Apply beteen 8:3o-1 lam or 2-Spm 
B IL L M IL L E R B A R BO 135 S 
WW White Rd 

L IC E N S E D P L U M B E R S S7 per hour + be n e fits tor q u a lifie d plumbers. 
See 
Tim 
Hart. 
9 i5 
Creek view 
L O C A L D R IV E R S FO R 
D IE S E L T R U C K S 
A N D 
M E C H A N IC FOR diesel powered equipment. 
*5* 22o3 

To handle supervision of crew s i and production of built up rooting for m ajor com pany. Experience ; required . C all (214)428-1383 or t send resum e lo: A T L A S R O O F- i 
ING & S U P P L Y CO OF D A L L A S , ! 
P.O.Box 26o86, Dallas Tx 7522*. 

A S S IS T A N T M A N A G E R 
OR T R A IN E E 
H ard work, long hours, mediocre salary, excellent benefits and ad vancem ent opportunity for the right individual Apply in person only S A M B O ’s on Babcock 

M akeup and skin care specialist needed for H a ir P o rt B e a u ty 
Salon. Call for appt. 341-S9o4, after 
*pm 696-8854. 
M A SO N • P L A S T E R E R $5 up, ex perienced onlv need apply 829 
Nogatitos 
MECHANIC 

R O O F IN G S U P E R IN T E N D A N T 
S a la ry , co m m issio n , and car. 
Paid vacations, college preferred, bilingual, m ust be experienced, 5o 
I year old company. 828-2883. 
RV 
P A R T S, 
A C C E SSO R Y 
C L E R K 
M ust nave R V parts and A cces­ sory store experience or p rior b a c k g ro u n d in Auto parts w a r­ ehousing, m arketing or m ilitary supply. S a la ry com m ensurate with experien ce. Apply: South 
Texas Trailers, 1121o IH 35 North, 
W ie d n e r Rd. exit or Call B ill 
Dinsm ore, 653-4141 
Equal Opportunity Em ployer 

A S S IS T A N T M A N A G E R , e xp e r­ ience preferred, apply in person, 
Billy R S restaurant, 918 N. Main, see M r Garcio. 
B A R T E N D E R E S S - Will T ra m 
Apply in person, Restaurant- Bar. 
2121 N. St. M a ry s, 223-o4o7 ask for Gladys. 

H igh school graduate, 2 years minim um experience, must have ow n h a n d to o ls a n d D r iv e r s 
License 
Pay equitable with experience 
341-8291 

Electronic Technicians 
To tra in tor in s t a lla t io n and repair of m e d ical X -ra v equip- I ment. A ss o c ia te d e gre e , or! equivalent required. Good pay, ■ benefits. M u s t h a ve own ca r,. 
Com pany car on com pletion of training. 
Call 
Personnel at j 
684-3833 
____________ 
E xperienced^Carpenter w anted,; exce lle n t w o rk in g con d ition s, good pay, apply in person only at I 
722 Park Ridge, see Mr. Fiser. 
? xperieneed Jo h n so n -E vin ru d e I 
OB m echanic, have norm al m e -1 chanic tools, 4o hr w ork week, j 
$2oo per week if qualified Call j 
648-1341. 
Experienced custom cabinet CU-1 tout person needed. Long term , employment, inexperienced need not a p p ly 6*1-3647 a n y tim e . 
: 
Experienced Carpet 
Mechanics and Helpers 
Good Pay. Steady w ork Other benefits. Apply in person at 
O'Krent Floor Covering 
3oo San Pedro 

H V Y E Q U IP M E N T - M E C H AN l f 
Se rv ice O ilfield G a s C om pres- | sors. 
Pickup, expenses. 
$5.5o. 
633-o382.__________________________ ; 
Immediate Opening For 
P R O D U C T IO N W E L D E R 
E x p in A r c and M ig welding. 
Blackwell 
Burner 
441B 
W. 
Com m erce 

MECHANIC’S HELPER 
M ust have experience 
A P P L Y IN P E R S O N 
7o5 S.A LA M O 

J o u rn e y m a n c a rp e n te r, m in ­ im um 2 years experience, m ust have tools and transportation. 
4oo1 Broadway 826 776o. 
K SA T TV will accept applications fo r the p o s itio n of TV new s cam era person until $-23-77. M ust be skilled in film and ENG, on I year experience. E q u a l O pp or­ tunity Em oployer M F. 

M illin g m achine operator, need qualified m illing m achine opera­ tor, good pay, good benefits, per­ manent position. 
Monroe 
Mfg. 
655-6o46. 

NEED CARPENTERS 
F o r W hite B u ffalo Corp, m ust h a ve e x p e rie n c e and tools, 
824-7oo* • 344-9*54 atter tom. 

 la n d s c a p e 
Co h ir in g two gardners tor full time work. E x ­ p e rie n c e d m en only. 4o h o u r week. $2.35 to begin. M ust furnish own transportation, 342-7*2o 
_ 

THI ACTION NUMBfR 
TO R I A ST R L S U IT S 
P l A C I Y O U R W A N T A P 
IN TM* I X P R I 55 N IW S 
C A II 225-1666 

N E E D E D IM M E D I A T E L Y ! 
2 E X P E R I E N C E D 
C A R P E T L A Y E R S 
TOP P A Y 1924-6241 

S c h o o l B u s d r iv e r s needed, i 
Northside ISO 435 Hunt Lone, we train, retirem ent and sick leave benefit. Call 673 377* 8am 4pm. 
SEAMSTRESS 
Experienced, ladies apparel. E x ­ cellent benefits. Apply in person 
M E N G E R S M A R T SHOP, North 
Star M all 
S E R V IC E ST A T IO N M E C H A N IC needed, ap p ly in person, 3o27 
Nacogdoches, 822-o729 

B A R T E N D R E S S to work 5 nights at the new Hidden Shadow. Good salary and tips. Apply in person 
3538 Pinoak______________________ 
Bayous Seafood and Spirit* 
W aiters and Waitresses 
Oyster Shucker 
Weekend Dining Room Cocktail 
W aitresses 
Part Tim e Cook 
2617 Wagon Wheel 
828 5726 
C a sh ie r-H o ste ss C o m b in a tio n wonted, experien ce preferred, apply in person only to Billy R s 
N o 
197, at 93 N E Loop 41o b e tw een 
1o am 2 pm 
Fridav-M ondav, see Mr. Regan only. 

Must be attractive and have neat appearance. 
Apply in person 

2922 
West 
Ave. 
IO: 3oam— 2pm 
E x p e d W ait! e s se s s in B O T H 
Food and Coctoil. Apply in person 
92oo 
Broadway 
P a p a s 
Restaurant 
Experienced meat slicer, evening shift, apply In person n o Austin 
Hwy. 

SECURITY POSITION 

Immediate Employment for 

SECURITY OFFICERS 

 t raining program now being offered for qualified applicants. 

Must be available for various shifts. 
CAN YOU QUALIFY? 

Interviewing Monday Friday 8 am 6 pm 
No Phone calls 

STANLEY SMITH 

o - 1 SECURITY INC. 

 t- ' r 
I . P 211 VV. Olmos 

Eq u a l O p p o rtu n ity E m p lo y e r 

ASSISTANT 
APT. 
M AN AG ER 

Excellent prom ot­ ional opportunity. N o pets - N o children. 

824-2322 

A P A R T M E N T M A N A G E R A N D 
A SSIST A N T m a n a g e r s n e e d 
E D 
E x p e rie n c e d only. G o o d 
I salary, plus ap! 
A P A R T M E N T JO BS O F S A. 
828 9196 
Employm ent Consultants 

E X P E R IE N C E D W A IT R E S S E S . apply in person at Billy R S, 918 N. 
Main, see M r Garcia. 

EXP FEY COOK 
11 P M TO 7AM 
C A LL 732-o56o 
W A F F L E H O U SE 
4441 F R E D E R IC K S B U R G R D 

A P T 
S E C U R IT Y O F F IC E R S , 
Needed Experienced preferred 
G o o d s a la ry and b e n e fits. 
A P A R T M E N T JO BS O F S A 
828 9196 
Employm ent Counselors 

Fast Short Order Cook, relief shift and afternoon shift open, apply In person to Mr. Regan, Billy B s No. 
197 between IO am and 2 pm , 
Jones M altsberger Rd and Looa 
41o 
F O O D M G M ! experience, M e x ­ ican food, downtown, salary open 
W ell e sta b lish e d b u s in e s s . 
494 5238, Mrs. Rose 

ASSIST. Maintenance Man 
Grounds Keeper, 341 4444 
Beeline 
226-23o3 
Carpet cleaning trainee, $2oo to 
$3oo per week, m ust hove late model Von or Truck, 484-313o 

C A S H IE R H E L P , $2 3o aer hour, 
2o-4o hours per week (evenings and weekends), Stop N Go, 2o4 E 
Rhapsody Dr 

■Sui! and part time cooks and wai tre sse s 
D os A m ig o s M e x ic a n 
Restaurant, 
8624 
Jones 
Mottsperger. 
_____________ 

C H A U F F E U R for elderly Spanish man, bilingual prefferred 
344 3147 

H E L P E R Bokery work 
343o E. 
Commerce 
H IR IN G IM M E D IA T E L Y ! M ixed 
Drink Bartendress, days, apply in person, Danny's, 172o N, M ain 
Ave. 
K IT C H E N A T T E N D A N T , on ly p e rm a n e n t, d e p e n d a b le ap plicanis need apply San P e d ro 
Manor, 616 W. Russell, apply in person 
N IG H T D IS H W A SH E R 
N O R T H S ID E 
342-9o39 
341 -2 2 o 5 

P R IV A T E recreational com mune 
Ty in Southwest Texas is seeking a qualified person lo till the position of restaurant and bar m anager 
Submit complete resum e includ­ ing minimum salary to E xp re ss- 
Box 4363, San Antonio, Tx 78297 

Couple M anage ll unil motel in 
New Braunfels. Retired and- or 
Social 
Security. 
1-625-9oS9 or 
223-o6o6. 

S O U L K IT C H E N needs C ook. 
Waitress and Bartender 432-9786 

WAITER-WAITRESS 
Top salary, good tips, free park mg. 24 hour fam ily restaurant. 
E A R L A B E L 'S 42oo Broadw ay 
W aitresses needed 146 n ! W W 
W hite R d 
A p p ly b e tw een E l 
Jacaiito 6am-4pm 

C O C K T A IL W A IT R E S S , exper ienced, The Nutcracker Club, 7321 
San Pedro, apply I pm 3pm 

Service Station Attendatn, must be experienced. SIS Austin Hwy. 
826-o142 
TH E T E X A S A R M Y N A T IO N A L 
G U A R D H A S O P E N IN S FOR 
C O O K S . M E C H A N IC S . . C O M ­ 
M U N IC A T IO N S . ..F IR E D IR E C ­ 
T IO N P E R S O N N E L . . C L E R K S- 
.. C A N N O N E E R 
T R U C K 
D R IV E R S .F IN A N C E 
S P E C IA L IS T S 
One weekend per month and two weeks in sum m er. $12-224-2691 

T 

Need experienced R E F R IG E R A ­ 
TIO N and A IR C O N D IT IO N IN G 
M E C H A N IC . C o m m e rc ia l a p ­ plications. 
Coll 
696-8414 for appointment. 

T ru ck d riv e r needed Lum b er yard exp. necessary. Apply 34oo 
Fredericksburg Rd. 733 91 17 
U P H O L S T E R E R with m achine needed. 655-8oo1 

T H I N U M B tO TO C A U 
IS 225 1666 
T X PRISS AND NTWS 

UPHOLSTERS 
5 d a y w eek, h o sp ita liz a tio n , insurance vacation. Call Collect 
713-865 3478 

C O C K T A IL W A IT R E S S wanted rn 
Northwest area, 341 9831. 
C o o ks helper for private g irls cam p. M a y 3oth- A u g u it I Stir. 
Bandera, Tx 512-794-33o2________ 
C O O K S needed for Im m ediate em ploym ent for one of Boerne's leading restaurants. Only 3o m in­ utes from San Antonio Excellent s a la ry , d a y o r night s h ifts available, open J days, 24 hrs on weekends. Call Dennis 6am-2pm at 1-249-9917______________ 
C O O K S Two vacancies exist tor two fem ale cooks to work at a youth cam p near Comfort, T X 
S t a r t in g M a y 29 and e n d in g 
August 13,1977. Excellent salary plus room and board. Interested p e rso n s should write Cam p D i­ rector, PO Box 537. Comfort, Tx, 
78o13 or call I 995 3*17.__________ _ 

O N A W A N T AO 
T H I N U M S lk TO C A U 
1$ 225 1666 
C X P R IS S A N O N IW S 

W A N T E D FOR 
O F F S H O R E 
D e p e n d a b le w ell g ro o m e d ste w a rd s, b a k e rs on d g a lle y hands Top earnings for auahfied personnel plus additional ben efits. Rapid promotion for proven ability. M ust have own iranspor lotion and telephone, Som e lobs a v a ila b le for in d iv id u a ls w ith passport and se am an 's pagers. 
Also jobs available on the E a st and West Coos) and Alaska. Per- sonnal interview at A R A S E R ­ 
V IC E S , Junction of L A H w y 24 and 316, G a ry Lo u isia n a 7o359. 
(5o4)876-o881 or 1-822-535-5948. An 
Equal Opportunity Em ployer 
618-PART TIME 

 n i n m y y r m w g y *— 
L o ca l m o vin g co m p a n y n e e d s lady p a cke rs part time E x p e r- 
■ence no essential, will train. M u ll hove cor ond phone 333 333o 
R E C E P T IO N IS T • H O S T E S S 
Good pay, fast raises, no exp. will train 657-2295 
___ _________ 

COUPLES NEEDED 
C H IL D C A R E 
Good hours, apt, utilities, meals, life and m e d ica l in su ra n c e + salary tor each For a satisfying job call M rs Elkins af Bovsville 
653-8282 
Equal opportunity em ployer 

DELIVERY 
M ust have own car, neat appear once, salary 
Pius gas. 
Coli 
734 2754___________ _______________ 
Downtown law attice needs clerk m essenger 15 with cor. 225-6261 
D river to do warehouse work and m ake local deliveries Apply after noon only 925 Fredericksburg Rd 

DEALER W ANTED 
NEW BRAUNFELS, TEXAS 

Deale! wanted in New Braunfels texas lf you need extra cosh please rail tot ted 22S-/4H, tx! 114 at HS, or Jim Horns In Son Antonio 674 4367 

Too will be o dealer representing the fxpress, servicing Home Delivery customers in the Morning and Evening News 

 e EXCELLENT IN CO M E SUPPLEMENT FOR SO M EO N E 
LIVIN G IN THIS A R IA . 
* N O EXPERIENCE NECESSARY. 
* G O O D TRAN SPO RTATIO N REQUIRES; CAR 
TRANSPO RTATIO N ALLOW ANCE 
* BO ND REQUIRED a G R O SS PROFIT $1,1 28,oo. 
* W O R K 2 HRS. IN A.M. A N D 3 HRS. IN P.M. 
This is g o o d for w orking fam ily or retired persons 
An Equal Opportunity Employer 

 r a g 

Babysitting, full or parttim e no w e e k e n d s 
E a st w o o d v illa g e area Coll anytime. 337 5147 
B a rn public adm inistration seeks admm isti alive assistant position 
Proven record Call A cono of 
334 1992___________________________ 
B A N K IN G proof dept bookkeep mg, teller, data processing Call 
826 2876 
_____________________ 
B A U of T 
Austin, about to graduate interested in art Have done m enu s, p la ce c a rd s, a rt w ork for re stau ran ts, se rve ro t oils batiks 874 3S72.______________ 
Baylor pre law student account rag m arketing and managem ent 
B a n k in g e xp e rien ce A vo ilo b le 
M a y IS lot s u m m e r 
G a g e r w alker 7*4 3841 
B B A (197*) d e sire s position in personnel, office mgmt, adm in , or gen business mgmt work exp ond high grades 824 3829 
Bilingual A rm y retiree with ba citators degree in business needs a position of responsibility A ny type job, coit 34i tsp* 
_________ 
Biology motor, UT, Austin about lo graduate interested tn taos, vetefinarv clinic, forestry, labor atm v work, research 82* 3572 
Bookkeeping, quarterly reports, incom e tax done in m y hom e 
Free pick up and delivery. CaM 
*2.1 38/1 

TELEPHONE SALES 
H igh School Students 
W ork 5-9 W eekdays 
And 9-5 Saturdays 
$ 2 .3 o Per Hr. + Bonus 
Full Time Also 
O N BUS LINE 
For Interviews Call 
2 2 5 -2 8 1 o 
An f q u al O pportunity Employer 

I Boy IS w ants odd tabs. Pre fe r 
; janitor N e a r but route Honest 
| and dependable Day work only i Salat y open 222 9397___________ . 
;Bright, d ep endable accou n tin g 
; student seeking parttime tab on 
I Northside E x p in lite office and bookkeeping Train last* 82? 3438 
Hus girl, maid, tiling papers 
435-8253 
C a p a b le w r it in g s k ills 
P rofessional advertising, public realtors, m arketing, sales, house o r g a n s, n e w sle tte rs, p hoto graphy 824 7735.______ _ 
Certified dental asst Needs full tim e em p loym ent in N o rth e ast area 
J 
Y e a rs experience. 
*53 983o 

I 
I 
I 
I 

UNSKILLED 
TEMPORARY 

WORKERS NEEDED 
Men ond women tor temporary industrial job* Ward a day. a week or longer — 
Box car unloading, 
(actory work, freight handling, general labor. Must have car and telephone. 
Apply In person 
9am-3pm 
PEAKIOAD, INC. 
SIO N . Main 

I 
I 
Ii 
I! 

COUPLE NEEDED 
AS HOUSE PARENTS 

For a group Foster Home 

 for boys. Centrally located in San Antonio, Tx. Good salary ond benefits. 

Presbyterian 
Childrens Home & 
Service Agency 
224-1756 

DISTRICT 
SALES 
M A N A G ER 

Must have reliable transportation with lia b ilit y in s u r a n c e . 

E a r ly m o r n i n g h o u r s a n d a f t e r n o o n h o u r s a v a ila b l e . 
A p p l y in p e r s o n 
9 to 11 a .m . o r 2 t o 4 p .m . 
P e r s o n n e l O f f ic e 
Fxpres*/New s 
Corp. an equal opportunity employer 

MAINTENANCE 
ENGINEER 

Technical Background 

Call for appt. 
653-911o 
Ext. 1o4 

Keep your full time lob os wife and mother and still earn enough income lo eniov the extra lu xur­ ious in life 
F R E E $5oo W A R 
D R O S E 344 7572. 
M a in te n a n c e m an w ith la rg e apartm ent com plex Plum b ing, electrical cmd heating experience e s se n t ia l 
L o c a l r e fe re n c e s required 
Apt turn. 
Apply 
116 
Vanderheck_________ 
Maintenance m an apply m person or coli <561 *6*o___________________ 
M a in te n a n c e m o n needed for 
N o rlh sid e apartm ent com plex, must be fam iliar with all facets of plum bing and arr conditioning 
Colt 49o 832o for appt 

★ 
★ 
★ 
★ 
★ 
★ 
★ f 

* 

* 

* 

* 

MAID AND 
LAUNDRY 
SERVICE 

Varying shift 

Coll for Appointment 

* 

* 

* 

* 

* 
-K 
6 5 3 -9 1 1 o +L 

★ 
★ 
★ 
★ 
★ 
★ 
★ 

SUMMER WORK 
S52Q- 
SW Air System s needs I* trainees to start work im mediately due ta expansion 
•No Experience N ecessary 
• Rapid Advancem ent 
Call tor Interview 456 533o 

C hild care in m y hom e f a m e d yard 
Ages one year and up 
532 839o 
C h ild c a re , m y hom e, v ic in ity 
Lackland area - Loncew ood Dr experienced. reliable 
Call 
*73 8997 
Child care, m ature, experienced wom an, will fake care of your babies and children in m y home, tulebra and Callaghan vicinity 
432 517o 
„ a r t s instructor t o rio t 
Jugglfg, etc Active Senior Citizen 
Fart Tim e • Can plan Shows 
733 8892 
College grad with B A Sociology 
(age 24) D e sire m an a ge m e n t-> trainee program or anything with prom ising (ulure 73/ 9366 
College student w ants su m m e r lob Have lifesaving certificate. 
E x p e rie n c e in c o n c e ssio n s, in ­ ventory, soles person 22? 29*1 
College student needs job from 
2: OO pm until anytim e Have some experience os slotkbgy 473 1**4 
College sTudent desires Dart lime evening work Typist 45 wpm gen office. P R w o rk, a d v e rtisin g , 
Copy, layouts. 333 364* 
College student, full or parttime, su m m e r only, som e oflice and typing experience, available M a y 
I* 658 5287 
College student seeking construc­ tion work 
L o n g h o u rs desired, hard worker 142 6952 
Colored W om an wants days work, 
No Transportation 5 days week 
Coll 73* 4924 
_________________ 
C om puter Technician^ V ie tn am 
Veteran Sch o o lin g 
I yr Glee* 
• to n ic s C o lle ge and I y r U S. 
A rm y School W orked I y rs a s 
Computer Technician U S Arm y 
Ask 
(or 
Jam es aller 
5 1opm 
533 5o5* 
C o unseling and guidance gra d with M E d tram Trim ly would like counseling lob. I also have A y rs exp e rien ce in su p e rvisio n , odm oiisratlon as A rm y officer. 
341 3659 

T E L E P H O N E S O L IC IT O R S for home im provem ent Call 532-3197 
T F X A S A R M Y G U A R D HOS part-time opening 
M ultichannel 
Operators; Telephone Installer*; 
Telephone R e p a irm a n , C ooks; 
M echanics; Sw itchboard Opera tors 
Wdl train with pay 
512 224-2o1o 
Y A R D M E N needed for h e a v y ygrdwork, coll 433-49o5 
Young m an uueded for work in custom ce ra m ic slu d io P refer som eone with ort trum ing Call 
M r Mood anytim e 822 9435 

622 DOMESTIC 

B ab y sitte r needed for 3 young children, Castle H ills area, pay 
*1 SO p er hr, p r e fe r m a tu re w om an tor d a y a n d e v e ln in g sitting 
References please 
142 2681 
C hild core and h o u se ke e p in g , 
M on F ri M ost have own tram p and re fe re n c e s *81-2444 wee kends or aller 6pm 
_________ 

M A N H A N D Y with hand tools to perform general repair work on apartm ents and homes. Full or part lime 492 1o72 

D om e stic H elp wonted. Y o u n g la d y to w ork ste a d y tor g e n t­ leman, light housework, take ca rt of sm all hom e, p la in co o kin g , llve-ln M ust drive car, 735 8o39 

< C O M P A N IO N to live in and care 
; (or elderly person Private opt and salary. 
At 
Medina 
Lake j 695 3297______________________ ___ 

COMPANY EXPANDING 
Part time lobs 
$95 a week 
Full Time Sum m er 
Positions Available 
$19o per week 
For information call 

MILITARY TRY THIS 
Part time positions for northside retail stores Some retail exper ience preferred Polygraph exam re a d ie d Age over 21 preferred 
Apply in person Don s A Ben s 
*oo3 West Ave af Loop 41o 
Need m em bers for R O C K B A N D 
Coll *56 5137, Dennis 

NEED SEWING MACHINE 
OPEEATORS 
On pants, shirts, and blue leans, if not e xp e rien ce d we will teach you All benefits, free p arking, apply 
Finesilver M fg 
Co. 816 
Cam aron 

OLAN MILLS ll you ore a congenial, outgoina person, this is the job (or you 
Y o u r p a y a n d a d v a n c e m e n t depends on your own enthusiasm, ability and desire No experience necessary, training provided. Call 
828 3433 between 9am-l2 

G E N E R A L H O U S E K E E P IN G ond Care of Children, *33-21o8 
G eneral housekeep ing 2 days a week in Olm os Pork T ra n sp o se 
Iran needed, on bus line, m ust speak 
English and references 
824 $223 
H ousekeeper needed, 3 school 
Children, 342 U t ! atter 5 pm 
L iv e in bab sitte r needed mn m ed iately, 4 c h ild re n , w aaes, room and board 344 7772 
Live in housekeeper, babysitter, family of 5, 498 2*88 
Live in housekeeper, em oy the comforts of a 4 bedroom home in the northeast, lite housekeeping, la u n d ry ond Care for 3 school aged children Need im mediately 
453 o852 or 878 5172 
Live-m m aid, north sid e fam ily seeking to e m p loy dep endable woman to do general housekeep mg. Would live on prem ises for S days a week M ust be able to con­ v e rse in S p a n is h , re fe re n c e s required 342 2127 liv e in maid position with family of A for the w om an who would like to live in and help wife with hou sekeepm y and child ca re Call 
34i 3221 (Sam 5pm) 

 rex (ASI Hi iu d J 
PLACE YOUR WANT AO 
IN THE EXPRESS NEWS 
CALI 22$ 1666 

E x p e r ie n c e d h a rd w a re sto c k room clerk, paid vacation and holidays. 344-o128 

EXPERIENCED - 
M aintenance man for Southeast a p t c o m p le x , 333-3691. 
E X P M A IN T E N A N C E M A N tor northside apt complex. 74 units. 
Immediate opening. 344-7o93 
H A N D Y M A N 5 days, must hove d riv e r's license Apply 9-4 Town house Motel 942 N E Loop 41o 
H IR IN G 5-7 people im m ediately 
Top storting pov 656-5332 
______ 
IN T E R N A T IO N A L E S C O R T A N D 
!T O U R A G E N C Y is oil and run nmg We have the clients, B U T we still need attractive ladies tor es 
_corts. High p a y , excellent work- i mo conditions Call David 34V 48*1 
Ja n ito r- Y a rd m a n for L u x u r y 
Apartments. 
Call fo r appt. 
732-2*1 1 

R e fe re n c e s. E x p e r ie n c e d in 
Apartm ent Operation and M a in j tenonce R e p ly 
E x p r e s s Box 
7951 , PQ Box 2171, S A. Tx. 78297 

Retired Or Semi-Retired 
M ature couple as Assistant M an ager of small first class San An I tonio motel, furnished apartment, I full motel m anagem ent could fol low. E xp e rie n ce no! n e c e ssary bul helpful. Write the E x p re ss and 
New s Box No. 4371 se n d in g alf qualifications and references 
S e c u rity 
G u a r d n e e d e d (or 
Painters 
M ill 
Apartm ents 
349 2223,__________________________ 
S E M I- R e t ir e d M a n , couple, or student wanted to m anage and do fight maintenance for sm all apt c o m p le x O ld e r n e ig h b o rh o o d near SA C . A p artm ent, sa la ry 
R e p ly Box 126*1, San Antonio, 
Tex 73212_________ ______________ 
Shaklee Natural Vitam ins spare time spies business 484 4568 
1.ooo's of Jobs- 1oo's of choices 
Qualify now. earn and learn 
GO A R M Y 222-8812 Of 453 o892 
ST A R T NOW - local Am w av d is' 
Irib u to r Offers o p p o rtu n ity for go o d e a r n in g s 
Y o u p ic k the hours, we train. For interview call 
681-13o9 
____________ _________ 

START NOW 
Need 3 ambitious high level man a g e n a l people. S u b sta n tia l in come Start part time while train ing. Prefer at least 24 and m a r­ ried For interview call 681-277* 

 fitter for bed patient experienced, live-in full time. *9o a week or part time live in. speak English, call anytime 674 9492 
Spanish speaking m aul for Friday work, most have car and refer­ ences. 492-1834 

Deqree in soc, ex Infra m afionist and tour guide for A & M Som e office e x p e rie n ce L o o k in g for related w o rk, but w ill a cc e p t other otters 344 o8o7 
D ependable m ole student with skills in electronics ond carpentry needs em ploym ent 4$s 1615 
Dependable m arried m an would like part time job as a plum ber or plum ber's helper anytime utter I 
P M on w eekdays and all day Sot and Sun Vie! N om veteran and college student 223-4447 _________ 
E le c tric a l e n g in e e rn g stud ent needs sum m er mb in electronics or electrical engineering field, for experience prior to senior year at 
Trinity ll. 734-275o 
___________ 
E le c t r ic ia n e x p e rie n c e d graduate IB E W No I apprentice. ship (m g p ro g ra m . Coll B ru c e 
633 9113 ofter 3:3o 
_ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ 
K nglish-Journ alism G rad with I yrs teaching experience looking for public inform ation- relations work Carot, *96 o35* atter 6 
E x c e lle n t B a b y s it t in g in m y home, Very clean, Ft. Sam Area, 
878 AA9S 
E x p e r ie n c e d s e a m s t r e s s . 
D re sse s, p a n tsu its, h e m *, etc. done in m y home. Good work Call 
22* 9*17 
Experienced social worker, 5 yrs college, 5 y rs A rm y and civilian experience. Witt accept any rea­ sonable position. 149-7117.________ 
Experienced college grad desires m anagem ent or a d m in istra tive position *56 4393._________________ 
Experienced cosm etic sales ri a a lso e x p e rie n c e d in co sm e tic sales and buyer in drug and dept 
Stores 621-5992 
Experienced m ature lady wishes 
P B X co rd type m b 
I? y r s a s operator, Bilingual 927 3/43 
Experienced woman wants work 
Inking care of sick and elderly, light cooking, references, 
227 9786 
E x p 
L ife -G u a r d , C h a u ffe u r, 
Truck Driver, No W ork on Wee* kends or late eves. 223-353o 

E x p M e d ical A ssista n t d e sire s clerical or clinical work in D o c­ tor's. office or medical Instltuion, 
733 HIO 
Female high school student inter, ested In w orking part-time dept store or babysitting. N o rth sid e preferred 435 B23I 
G e n e ra l o ffic e and or o ffic e manager Experienced with both payable! ond receivab les Can f u r n is h g r e a t re fe re n c e s. 
658 1653, evenings 
General office or credit clerk full or p arttim e 
IO key by touch. 
Typing 35 W P M Call 532-51o*. 
G e n e ral ofic# w ork, parttim e, 
7oW PM , filing, dictaphone, M I ­ 
ST, would like m orning work, no weekends. 
S E side of town, 
137-7443. 
_________ ii Grad m-eds mb as mechanic 
Som e experience, trim s , som e tools, hard w orker, prater trailt- mq pos *74 o975 

Want couple lo live on ranch to lake care of home and fam ily No cnddren Good cook and efficient h o u se k e e p e r 
R e fe re n c e s required. Good salary. Call Diane 
225 2966 

82 4-SITUATIONS WANTED 
A backpacker w ilderness guide desires employment. 
Call 
655 2758__________________________ 
Able sulf-starfer. 12 yrs pub re! creative adv soles, editing, pub fishing salary not m ain consider a lion 824 1 8 8 / ____________ _ 
A business m anager M B A . 2o yrs e xp e rien ce in a d m in istra tio n , personnel, recreation and social w ork se e kin g full oi part time employment Coll 684 5692._______ 
A C helper, college student seek mg work under A C com pany or m asters ticensed 333-8154_______ 
Adult child care in m y home, West 
Ave-Vonce Jackson. 342 5939 
Air cond., leadm an duct installer, 
7 yrs exp., journeym an license 
227-5725 
_ 
14 and I* yr old Boys with good ch aracter reference w ould like s u m m e r lo b s 
E a s t s id e 
C a ll 
337 6o77 , 

197* Graduate tram high school, needs work Father is in hospital, mother con t work 222-2/98 

Cine cashier 2 1 1 exp. Som e ex­ perience m accounts receivable, 
1o-key a d d in g , t h e c k c a s h in g , money order m aking And utility collection and som e exp in bank deposits. 433 2822. 

A N Y 
T Y P E 
O F 
C L E R IC A L 
W O R K . 
448 o199 

Hard w orking 22 yr old Korean woman desires any type of work, speaks English, ca'! read or write vet. 675 1*23 __________ 
H a v e b ra in stro n q b a c k u se either or both Vet (electronics lech) Student 344 *772.__________ 
Have printing p re ss in m y g a r­ age Will print m isc Reasonable. 
661-8147__________________________ 
H igh School student needs full time sum m er job. prefer food and drink industry Responsible Age 
14 333 1383__________________ 
High school student seeking mb in print shop Has 2 yrs experience. 
227-1o68.__________________________ 
High school student desires atter school and full time sum m er em­ ployment, various capabilities. 
653-7186.__________________________ 
High school graduate needs folk: prefers office w ork, filing, lite typing, IO key Has had some ex­ p e rie n c e d o in g o ffice w o rk . 
922-3433 9am 2 3opm 

SUMMER WORK 
S IM PER WEEK 

CAIL 341 22o5 

A N Y type Y a r d W o rk . CaM 
333-2275 or 337-4797______________ 
Apartm ent managem ent, mature, j e x p e rie n c e d , r e lia b le p re fe r: 
N o rth Side of town. A v a ila b le 
June I 699 1897 
Apprentice office work 
After 3o yrs of home m aking would like io go back to work. Northside only 
341o111 
I 

H onest, k in d , h ig h s c h o o l graduate, ti years needs sum m er lob Does filing, lite typing, 1-kev, answ er phones, take m essages. 
Parttime Call Sylvia at 924-2677 otter 4pm 
H o u se w iv e s co o p -h o m e o ffice service: F a st,neat,accurate,ond dependable A d d re ss and stuff envelopes, general typing, arafH , cut stencils, etc. Call 732-9666 or 
655 33o2 between I and 3 P M on weekdays 
_ _ _ _ _ _ 
. 

UNITED DISCOUNT 
FURNITURE 

$2o.oo A Month Roots 
A BALDWIN BIANO 
R o n t Applies on Purchase 
SIMS BALDWIN 
623 Lock hill-Selma Rd. 
3 4 4 -4 9 3 o 
Windsor Pork Mall 
• 9 4 - 4 7 7 7 

 m — -Sa tu rd a y M a y 14 1 9 7 7 

8o2 MOTOR HOMES SALES REWT 
8o2 MOTOR HOMES SALES RENT 
8G2 MOTOR HOMES SALES RENT 8o2 MOTOR HOMES SALES RENT 8o2 MOTOR HOMES SALES RENT 

San Antonio EXPRESS-N 

1oX55 2 Bedroom , urtturn. m obile home, Coll 69o-95)2. 
H S grad . d e sire s full tim e em plovm ent (cle rical) Exp e rie n ce : 
Ty p in g (45 w pm ), transcrip tion, s w it c h b o a r d , c a lc u la t o r (te n key), filing 342-2875 anytim e______ 

Student V e te ra n , 26. se e k s full time su m m e r lob E xp , in pa ste ­ up and layout, b asic lo u rn o lism sk ills. C a ll 734 4484 o r 828-o233 leave m essage. 
_________ 

69x16 Com eiot, custom built with aw ning, skirting, house type roof and windows. A C CH , fence, stor- oge house. 684-3378______________ 
Now, choose the 
Motor home yon like and get off to a fun- filled Summer! 

14x7o K ir k w o o d M o b ile H o m e , 
$t27-mo, pm ts., w asher dryer, 3 bdrm s, I ’ > baths 698-12o2. oft 4 3o 

H S grod would like full tim e or port tim e job a s receptionist, lite type 
Also cashier experience. 
648 2392_________________________ 

Student w a n ts a n y tim e o r s u m ­ m er job Sales girl or lib ra ry lob know how to file, so m e ty p in g, check in and out books 227-339) 
14x6o N E W , 2 bedroom 
I' iB a th turn. $95oo 
W e discount for cash! 
R E D R IV E R M O B IL E H O M E S 
2418 A U S T IN H W Y 
653-9751 

I am an experienced busboy and stock person H a ve health c a rd for restaruant and stores. 
923 1988_________________________ 

S T U D E N T w ill b a b y s it m t e s 
225 3346 or 227 144), ask for C o Co 
S u m m e r 
T u t o r in g , m a t h 
(e le m e n t R e a d in g c o m p r e h e n ­ sion, w riting (sim ple sentences p a ra g ra p h s), sp e llin g P h o n ic s. 
Speech M. E d 824-o675. 

12X6S T o w n o n d C o u n try , 3-2, good condition, $58oo. 342-2723. 
AMERICAN ANTIQUE 
A U CTIO N 

S u n . , M a y 1 5, 1 P M 
Gary's Auction House 
617 Colorado, Hwy. 183 
LOCKHART, TEXAS 

INSPECTION Sunday, May IS, 
IO AM until Sale Time. 

This is a SUPERIOR LOAD OF 
AMERICAN 
ANTIQUES 
(ram 
Pennsylvania by 
Herb 
Furman You don't want to miss this auction!! 
Coll St J — 398-37o1 f o r de to il s. 
G ARY FOGLEMAN 
Auctioneer, TxGt-77-o386 

I am lo o king for a cashier, an s w erm g service or filing clerk job. 
333 44o6 
__ 
I love to w ork w ith the public, cashier experience W ould like to w ork in a d e p artm e n t sto re or grocery store. Coll 923-4136______ 
In carce ra te d 
Need a n y kind of job in o rd e r to p a y fo r c o lle g e w h e n r e le a s e d 
H a v e n o w 35 h o u rs, w ill do y a r d w o rk, w a r ­ ehouse, age 25, parttim e only N o 
245353 C o fie ld Unit. Tenn Colony, 
Tx 75861________________________ 

Theatre position 7 y r s experience all p h ases of theatre o p e ration s inc- 
B oo king ond ady, layout. 
732-6548.______________________ 

I A C R E N E A R R A N D O L P H 
C it y e le c ., W a te r . N o d o w n paym ent. $3o mo. 
Bill H arp er 
494-7412._____________________ 
TV Technician, inside or outside 
P i y e a r s experienced. L o o k in g tor p a rttim e w ork after 3pm to gain m ore experience 922-5195 

A dult an d F a m ily section, club house with sw im m in g pool. Paved stre e ts, u n d e rg ro u n d u tilitie s, la rg e lots, no pets, be st m a m - ta in te d p a r k in tow n, on S E . 
M ilitray Dr. west of IH37. a cro ss from B ro o k s Fie ld. In dian H ills 
M obile Hom e P ork. 333-o83o. 

T y p ist six m o fra m in g at sk ill center type 4oW PM , file, answ er p h o n e , IO k e y b y s ig h t 
A ls o 
G E D graduate d 
F u ll tim e 
436 2o86. 
__________ 
I need a full tim e m b with wee kends off P re fer N W. S A. w ill from coll Debbi I 751 3274._______ 
V ie t N a m e r a v e t e r a n w ith 
U nive rsity of Te xas B A. de gre e in G overnm ent se eking a position w ith in a lo c a l g o v e r n m e n t a l agency!. P le ase call. 699-31o7 
GMC MOTORHOME 
I would like to work for an elderly person during the day, at least 8 h r s. I h a v e be en u n e m p lo y e d since Dec 6 1976 684 4569________ 
\r 26 ft., com pletely loaded, 2 roof air conditioners, 
Automotive air, 6 ,oo o 
$ o 1 
C A A 
W ATT Power P la n t................ 
A I r j U l i 

 ft. FRANK Motorhome 
M obile hom e site. P icku p 4 back p a ym e n ts of $32 each ond fake over balance. H B C IN C. 494-3419 or 342-18o8 loaded 
Im portant Antique Auction in c lu d in g E s t a t e ite m s w ith a q u a lity c o n ta in e r of E u r o p e a n furniture and accessories. 
S H E R A T O N IN N B A L L R O O M 
Sunday, M a y IS, POO P M . 
J. A D E L M A N , A N T IQ U E S 
735-9297, 
TxGc-77-o446 

 with Carrier air cond., 
Kohler 6 ,o o o W A H Power 
Plant. 
Extra N i c e ........ 

Job w onted in a ir co n d itio n re trigeration field 2 y r s sch oo lin g ast M acA rth u r 653-1oo9__________ 

Vietnam V e te ran with V an lo o k ­ in g fo r w o rk 
P a s t w o rk b a c k ­ ground included store clerk, ya rd w o rke r, c u sto d ia n , c a r p e n t e r s helper 333 1762__________________ 

E v e ry other m onth F R E E for one y e a r' Only (4) lots on this Special 
B U C K IN G H A M V IL L A G E 
____________ 658-2811 
_ 
Laborer, experienced in san d in g r u n 661 7923 
Another G enuine t s ta ie L i q u i a a hon bv the M oran's, M a y 21, Ter reb Hills. Details M a y 19, 734-5668. 
W anted 
W ork as (O R T ) O p e rat­ ing Room Tecnicion or a s nurse aide in hospital- w ithin e a sy a c ­ cess of North E a st San Antonio. 
653-2939_________________________ 

•* F IR S T M O N T H F R E E I! 
L A R G E S H A D E D LO T S 
G E M B L E R R O T R A IL E R P K 
IOU G E M B L E R R D 333 1863 

L a d y w ants d a y s w ork 658-oo27 or 828 5169 
76 SURVEYOR Mini-Motorhome 
A N T IQ U E A U C T IO N 
Sunday. M a y IS, 1:3o P M 
G a r y 's Antique Auction House 
Lockhart, Tx. 
Coll 398-37o1 
WINNEBAGO 
Motorhome, 

L A D Y wants steady lob, 3 d o vs a week Hove cor C oll 223-563o. self contained, roof air cond automotive air cond., 
N ic e .............................. 

C o n tin u e s thru M a y lit h 
Need 
Room 
For 
New 
M erchandise. 

H E L E T I Q U E S 
2716 M c CuHouqh. 734-3796 
M a tc h in g A n tiq u e F u rn itu re 2 
Lo ve seats, a rm chair, 6 c h a irs a n d taole, so m e req u ire m in o r repair. $1,4oo Complete. 826-1o74 aft 5 
_______________________ 

M O B IL E H O M E P A R K LO T S 
$45 mo. F H A ap p rov e d , Judson 
Ind. Schools 658-oo22; 658 1326. 

L A W N M O W IN G 
L E E H IG H 
S C H O O L S E N IO R 826 5595 _____ 
Want nurse aide lob P re fer day tim e, p a rt tim e job, be tw ee n 8 
AM -4 P M W est side a v a ila b le lost week of M a y 436-o4o9._______ 

 equipped with 
Power 
A n tiq u e M o r r is So fa, R o c k e r , 
Sidechair, M o rris Recliner 
1895 
P r u fr o c k so fa. S e v e ra l w ick e r pieces. 47o5 R ig s b y _____________ 
Plant, roof air cond.. 
Automotive air cond., 
Stereo with tape, I 2,ooo mi 

L a w stu d e n t s e e k s s e c r e t a r ia l an d or clerking in law firm . Stort 
M a y 23 L W agener. 492-962o. 

N S , S h a d y A c r e s T r a ile r P k fenced, store room , trees, $3/ .5o. 
N ear W indsor Pk. M all. 826-8766. 
Welder, desires full em ploym ent 
W ill acc e p t w e lde r he lpe r, c a ll 
Qqyid, 924-2818.__________________ 
Bedlam Brass Beds 
Twin, Full, Queen, Kingsize 
S O L ID B R A S S H E A D B O A R D S 
824-6925 
3123 Broodw oy 

L o w stu d e n t n e e d s fu ll t im e su m m e r lob H e rd w o rk in g an d de p e n d a b le V a r io u s job e x p e r- lence Coll 734 S816 
73 WINNEBAGO 
BRAVE 
2o 
Welder in need of full tim e work. 5 ye ars experience in a n an d m ig. 
Capable of light and he avy struc- tool work 734-4919._______________ 

A c re a g e ho m e site with c e n tral w ater system . Just IS min from 
41o. $3ooo. $1oo down - and $31.41 per month for 144 m onths at 8%. 
J C H O R T O N , B R O K E R 342-18o8, or 494-3419._____________________ 

Power Plant, roof air cond completely self-contained, 
I 8 ,oo o mi..................... 
77 DODGE VISTA VAN 
L e t m e m o w a n d 'w e e d -e a te r ' your lawn for a reasonable price. 
Su n se t H ills, R o llin g R id ge . In ­ spiration H ills C all m e and enioy your weekends. 436-2797. 

M c K e lv e y ’s A n tiq u e s 
13o6 Austin Hway., 824-324o 
At M issio n M obile Hom es 

B O E R N E and C O M F O R T shops w elcom e you. Inform ation • G a r ­ den G ate, 316 S. M ain, for area shops: Accent, Two on the Ark, 
H an d and Heart, Boerne House of 
Antiques, Jody's, This Old House, 
Pioneer W est (Leon Springs). In 
Com fort, Com fort Collections ond 
M a rty s Oft Her Rocker._________ 

 loaded, large picture window 
Beautiful Van, 2 3 o o miles . . 

W e w ill c le a n yo ur h o u se. D is fe n c e is no o b je ct. E x c e lle n t references. 828-868o._____________ 
*995o1 
O P A 'S A N T I Q U E S 
22o3 S H A C K B E R R Y 
Northwest, 5oX1oo lots, free m ove to qualified renter. 684-2851.______ 
Licensed vocational nurse w ants hom e n ursing 
C oll atter 5pm. 
691 1 4 4 3 ______________ 

W ill care for children w ithin m y hom e Licensed. 648-1694 
______ 
O v al M a rb le Top Table 
Tiffany Type Shade 
G ood Selection of P rim itive s 
A N T IQ U E C O T T A G E , 5o8 D a lla s 

W ill m ake children clothes in m y hom e, $5 pe r set. C a ll 333-3339 otter lp m ________________________ 

 lo o k in g tor placem ent a s re ce p ­ tionist or unit se cre tary type very little , e x p e r ie n c e d a n s w e r in g bu sy phone 66 ) 7861.__________ 

B U Y -S E L L - A P P R A IS E 
Best P rice s P aid for Antiques 
P H IL W IL L B O R N 
T O W N & C O U N T R Y A N T IQ U E S 
826 2749 36o9 Broodw oy 735-2414 

W ill tutor o r teach lin g u is tic s, lit e r a t u r e o r e n g lis h r e la t e d field s Q u a lific a tio n s B A 
+ 12 hrs M A. in E n glish C oll 435-7556 

P e r io d a n tiq u e s: Q uee n A n n e c h e st, lo w b o y, d in in g ro o m . 
C h ip p e n d a le se c re to ry , c h in o cab inet. F re n c h Lo u is X V love seat, bedroom . Oriental rugs, cut glcias, silver, crystal, chino. 
732 6435 
_____________ 

Looking for service station work 5 y e a r s e x p e r ie n c e d o r lo n it o r work 
4 ye ars experienced 
432 6413________________ 
Burke Motor Home Center Inc 
8 6 o o Broadw ay— block North Loop 4 1 o 
5 1 2 - 8 2 8 - 9 1 3 4 

W h y p a y r e n t ? B u y yo u r ow n hom esite in this resort like m obile hom e com m unity. P aved streets, city typ e u tilitie s, boat d o ck s, pier, clu b h o u se , b ig sw im m in g pool. On La ke D unlap near New 
Braunfels, 25 m inutes drive from 
S.A. $149$. lot; $1$5 cash down. 
$134o b alan ce ow ner financed, 8% 
A P R . interest. P a y a b le 12o mo. 
P a y m e n t s of 
$16 27, 
T o ta l d e fe r r e d p r ic e $1952.4o c o n pre-pay balance without penalty. 

C A S T R O V IL L E 
V IL L A G E 
E X C H A N G E 
F L E A M a rk e t and Street Sales 
Antiques, art work, plants, crafts, d o ll h o u se s. N o clothes, o r a n ­ im als. $2.oo lo set un Angelo St 
C a s tr o v ille , Tx 
1 o SM to 6 P M , 
MOV 15th. 1-538-2637_____________ 

W om an w ishes d a y s work, refer ence 
In 
Terrell 
H ill section. 
838-498o._______ _________________ 
M o m t e n o n c e a n d la n d s c a p in g reasonable price, call W a rre n at 
698 2488 
P ia n o , F r e n c h 1812, ro se w o o d u p r ig h t, b e a u tifu l w ith be n ch . 
$575. C all 824-4995_______________ 

W ork in o d re ss boutique E x p e r tenced in d r e sse s, te w e lry . o il accessories. 
N and 
N E area. 
492-9938.__________________________ 
M a le a ge 2o 
S u m m e r, in d o o r d a y tim e (Ob W ill le a rn S a la r y negotiable 341-4288 Je rry_______ 
P u n c h e d tin piesafe. D e a c o n 's b e n ch 
C a r p e t c h a irs. C h u rc h p e w s, o a k c h a ir s , r o o m fu l of p rim itives. 5554 Randolph Blvd. o nd W eidner Rood.______________ 

Would like a full time lob in a day c o r e n u r s e r y s c h o o l c lo s e to h o m e , a ls o do b a b y s it t in g a ll o ges 927 6878____________________ 

C R A N B E R R Y C O L L E C T IO N 
B E S S ' A N T IQ U E S 
545o O ld Seguin Rd., 661-5582 

M a le high school student w ould like lob in, or around Southpork m a ll, o r on so u th s id e 
P h o n e 
922-o156, John._____________ 
Would l ik e to b a b y s i t in m y hom e d o v o r n ig h t s . A ls o d o h o u s e c l e a n i n g t w i c e a w e e k 
S o u t h s i d e . 
922 4217__________________________ 

Yardw ork, houshold m aintenance a n d other o dd lobs. C a ll M a r k 
R oss! 655-5696________ _ 

Q U E E N ’S A N T I Q U E S 
28U9 Fre d erick sb u rg 
H o urs 
9 i 
M a le H igh School student w ants full or p arttim e lob in ad dept, store or restaurant on 
S.Side 
927 3 3 6 o ____________ 

R I V E R B E N O R E A L T Y 
(Take IH-35 La ke M cQ ueeney exit in New B ra u n fe ls) 
1-625-9417 

74 S T A R C R A F I Starllife 6 
P o rte poftie, sp a re tire, wheel 
Like new condition 
SO U T H T E X A S T railers, 653-4161 

D IJ O N P L A Z A , 77o1 B R O A D 
W A Y 
S p e c ia liz in g in P e r io d 
A m e r ic a n A n tiq u e ond c lo c k s, over 2So clocks in inventory M a ­ ple c o rn e r cupboard, 18th Cent, spice cabinet, piesafe, sin Orien­ tal d isp la y cabinet. School M a s ­ te r 's d e sk, set of sca le s. Tues, thru Sat. 1o-5, 826 1991.__________ 

1 5'i' Trihull, w alk through wind hield, '74 C h ry sle r 55 hp, excellent condition, $19oo 736-3462 ________ 
The Mini 
Motor Home 
With Maxi 
Protection 

SALE! HELP! 
^ 
MAKING 
SPACE: 
ARRIVED: Big loods GIASS-MASTER, 
COBIA boots RARE: Max mfgt deal­ er discounts BONUSES w/most picas: 
FREE fish/depth • finder, tackle, combo SKIS. TACH, speedo, anchor, rainsuit, paddle, fold-potty, SAFETY • pkg ETC. 

A WOW! See 77V? colors, styles, features. 14 16-17 18 2o 
21 ft in 
STOCK: plain plush, open cabin, in­ outboard. dosed-deck or walk thru 
BOWriders from PIONEERS w re search PROVEN hulls. 

B: Buy 2o -22-24 ft., get small boot 
FREE: world-famous 7 ft SPoRTYAK dinghy or inflatable w motor brae ket Get proof IEVEI ride in CABINS; 
NOT bow high; drive w OUT stand­ ing up for vision 

( 
Compare 
77' ? GM ultra high- performer bassboats, NOT |ust copy- molds 

o Meet or beat EVINRUDE deals, f RICHLINE alum SI59 up 
Used $495 $585o, BANK rotes 

TRAVEITOWN 
TEXAS, INC. 
SAN ANTONIO'S LARGEST 
TRAVEL TRAILER DEALER it Oner IOO Units in Stock 

AUTHORIZED SALES FOR; 

HOLIDAY RAMBLER, PROWLER, PLAY- 
MoR, 
STARCRAFT, 
HOLIDAY, 
DIAMOND, JAMBOREE 
MINI-HOMES 
96ooIH35N. 653-6711 

Across from Howard Johnson's 

9 'til dark, Moit.-fri. 

9-6 Sat. 1-5 Sundays 

M a n 38 will do ya rd work, paint w alls ond clean bouses very good a little h a n d ic p p e d , w ill w o rk eve ryday except M on and Wed. 
226 2934 
________________________ 

D o o rs and W indows 
O ouqhtry Antiques, 684-o344 
16' ?' T ri-Son ic with 165 hp M e r cruiserl-O . U sed very little. $43oo 
6 5 5 - 2 9 4 7 ._____________________ 

1974 25' S T A R C R A F T T railer 
H A R P E R M ir C A M P E R L A N D 
24oIS.W Military-924-5514 
17 y e a r o ld fe m a le s e e k s e m ­ ploym ent os waitress, cash ier or oth ers. Is w illin g to le a r n full, parttim e. 922-4683________________ 

T A IL E N D A N T IQ U E S 
Single B ra ss Bed 
In Colonies North M oll 
W ooster Hellion Funboat Seats 2 
$4oo or best ofter. 494-6296 
A B D ick Folder 
58, folds up to 
11‘x 17’. O verh auled by noted lith- o-m echanic. 
La st offer 
$35o. 
224-8487 

74 S U N S E T I t ' C a m p e r , fu lly equipped $7oo 658-o591__________ 
M atu re lady desires work as tile c le r k , c h e c k in g o n d m a r k in g m e rc h a n d ise or office c le a n in g lob, reterences. 433-4182._________ 

E N G L I S H C h ip p e n d a le c h a irs, 
C h in e s e la m p s , se t IO d in in g chairs. 2 Spanish chairs. I Italian tab le. E n g lis h R e g e n c y table. 
B a c c a r a t h u r r ic a n e la m p s . 
Le u th e r h a t boxes. D r a ftsm a n ta b le . B r s s a n d ir o n s . E a r ly 
A m e rica n m irror. Dropleaf table. 
B r a s s flo o r lam p. C h in e se cloi­ sonne v ase s. C arv e d ivory tusk. 
P e rsian and Indian rugs Persian la m p . P a p e r w eights. H u g e a s ­ sortm ent of very old large garden benches and orn,aments. Sat and 
Sun. by 
Appointm ent only. 
828-24o9, 

S-W -B Cab level cam p er, custom , m ake, panelled, cabinets, lights, bubble w in d o w s, lu g g a g e ra c k and roo# vent. L e ss than t yr old. 
52oo. 684-1716 
__________ 

17 ye ar old fem ale would like to w ork a s a cash ie r in a cloth in g sh o p 
E x p e r ie n c e w ith c a s h register ond to ggin g 826-7266 

Answ ering service equipment 
696 1536 
O ver 1ooo G u n s to Choose From 
B U Y — S E L L — T R A D E 
A m e rica n Loan, 227 8572 

M a t u r e w o m a n r e t u r n in g to sc h o o l, w o u ld lik e n ig h t sh ift work. H o ve security officer c e r­ tific a te 
P le a se c a ll a fte r 6:3o evenings. 349-2324_______________ 

B e r B-aue, ice cre a m m achines. 
Dishw asher, m ixer, bake ovens, icem uker U sed 733-1292 

The m ost interesting antique shoo in Texas. Everyth in g from glo ss to E a r ly A m e rica n Fu rn itu re at 
Btum enthal, Texas. 7 m iles west of L B J State P a r k on H w y 29o 
Open daily except Tuesday. Look tor Bium enthol Hw y sign.________ 

18 y e a r o ld m ale, h ig h s c h o o l grod. wants to work parttim e, full tim e N u r sin g hom e, stock boy. 
North W est Section only. 434-o869 

‘74 T E R R Y 25' 
This trailer w a s custom ordered from fa cto ry w hen b o u gh t new. 
Too m any ex tras to list 
SO U T H T E X A S T ra ile rs 653 416) 

S M IT H W E S S O N m o d e l 59 
14 
Shot. Coll: 494-1581. 
Beauty Shop equipm ent: 2 co m ­ m ercial drye rs, 2 vanities. A L SO g la s s sh o w ca se . C oke m achine, b rass fire extinguish er and more. 
924-7817.___________ _________ 

We P ay C ash tor rifles, shotguns and pistols. 736-1796._____________ 
M a y 77 gra d u a te of St P h illip s 
C o lle ge se e k in g a lob in d ie se l m e c h a n ic s w illin g to w ork a n y ­ tim e 824-8127___________________ 

67 Y e ar old senior citizen Job a s a security guard. H a ve so m e ex­ perience a s plum ber, e le ctrical- 
,porter and m an y other jobs. 
734-4346. 
___________________ 

22' 5Th W H E E L 
..................S4495 
2 6 '5Th W H E E L ..................$5295 
29'-5Th W H E E L 
................$5995 
3 1 '5Th W H E E L 
S A V E SSss 
G O O D S E L E C T IO N O F 
N E W 5Th W H E E L T R A IL E R S 
T R A V E L T R A IL E R C E N T E R 
Kountry A ire -N U W A D ealer 
42oo Roosevelt at Stinson Field 

Great Protection for 
You 

The 1977 Itasca 
Owner Pro lection Plan covers you for no less than three years or 36,ooo miles And not just on o few isolated ports, either 
You re covered on the inside, the outside and the underside — anything operational, except normal replacement items like spark plugs ond oil filters 

 lf you keep your 1977 Itasca serviced regularly you re assur­ ed that for three years or 36 OOO miles, no repair (ob resulting from o mechanical malfunction will ever cost you more than 
S?5 OO And for the first year or 
12,ooo miles — Itoscos Limited 
Warranty period — it won t even cost you o penny. Ask us about full details on the Owner 
Protection Plan 

M a y 77 g ra d u a te w o u ld lik e to work in a child day core center. 
Type 45 wpm and tile. In school ' i day 333 29o8____________________ 

B u rro u gh s posting- bookkeepping m achine. U se d ve ry little. Cost 
$35ooo p ric e d to se ll $395. Ben 
Lam bert Co. tost 
Austin Hwy. 
826-8663 
____ 

2o a c r e s h u n tin g co u n try 
5495 down paym ent, $77 21 per mo. On fence line of la re ge ranch. Never hunted. O w n er fin an ce d C all to see 734-7964 
______________ 

19 Y e a r o ld stu d e n t, in e x p e r ­ ienced, needs a lob- dishw ashe r, 
(andor, short o rder cook, b u s boy, delivery boy License. H a v e car, 
333-4794._____________ 

Antiques-A ccesso rie s Collectables 
1o2o T O W N S E N D , 826-3764 
A L A M O H E IG H T S 
G A S L I G H T A N T I Q U E S 
1525 M C 
C U L L O U G H 
227 48o3 
M e c h a n ic he lp e r p a rttim e fo r m e c h a n ic stu den t lu ll tim e in auaust after graduation. 
C all 
822-3286_______________ 

C A S H R E G I S T E R . S w e d e . 4 function. 
$8oo. 
2-years old. 
69o-899o. 

15o acres hunting country. 599 5o per acre. 5°o down paym ent. 734°o s im p le in t e r e s t w ith 2o y e a r term s. O w n e r finance d C a ll tor appointm ent 734-9598_____________ 

 lf you h a v e A ntiques, Je w e lry, 
D ia m o n d s , S t e r lin g 
G o ld or 
O riental R u g s to sell, you'll get the 
B e st P r ic e fro m San A n to n io 's 
Finest Shop: 

T H O M P S O N 'S A N T I Q U E S A 
T H IN G S . 4/o5 Rigsby, 648-4o24 
Y o u n g la d y w a n ts b a b y sittin g , kitchen help, counter help, gen eral house cle an in g; a d d re ssin g e n ve lo p e s, little ty p in g, o r d a y c o re ce n te r w o rke r, c a n w o rk 
Su n d a ys 433 1865________________ 

STH W heel-Used 29' with Air 
H A R P E R M T R C A M P E R L A N D 
24o1 S.W. M ilitary-924 5514 
M ed sec. 5 yrs exp. T h o ra cic-ca r­ d io v a s c u la r T y p e 7o-8o, dicta- phone. ins., assist Dr. 226-1779. 

C o m m e r c ia l N e o n E le c . Sign , double p a n e l 3 x4' on 6 It pole, 
Reads. A ccounting, N otary P u b ­ lic, 
Taxes. 
Can be changed. 
435-2364 

To Sell One and All Call 
633-26oo, 633-o34o (cosh paid) 
T ra ile r Tow V e h icle 
1973 Chev role! Suburban -3 3r ton Cheyenne 
P k g 454, tilt w heel, e x tr a fuel tanks and trader tow pkg. Good cond 
Possible trade accepted 
653-4)61._____________________ 

C O N D O M I N I U M S F o r L e a s e 
R o c k p o r t , T e x a s , fo r C r e s te d 
Bote, Colorado. C all 214-631-o4o2 or Box 35391, D a llas, T X 

T R U N K S : 186o stagecoach, 189o wood ch ild's; 19oo tin ch ild's; 1927 w o o d ; 191o ste a m e r, etc 
A lso 
C o lle c ta b le s. 684 147o, G E R R Y 
S H A R P , 8489 Culebra 

M e d 
T e ch 
B S e x p e r ie n c e d . se e k in g w ork with p riv a te p h y ­ sician or group also cap able of all office duties. 824-oo49_______ 

Y oung, teenage boy w ants a 1ob a s a b u s b o y , no e x p e r ie n n e , w orking in the su m m e r 228-9o81 
C o m m e rc ia l p re s su re cooker, 2 d isp la y c a s e s, o th er g r o c e r y 's equipm ent 674-oo87 after 4pm 
M rs. B renner, 822-544o, 342-5o7o 
D e e r, B ir d , F is h in g C a m p in g 
Lease. Y e ar Round. 3omin from 
SA in M edina County, 5oo acres, for $25oo per ye ar 696-8283. 

“The A ce Trucking Ce." 
MxwCwtwr Von Cf,tm 
Van A c c e sso rie s— Van 
C o n v e rsio n s. C u sto m 
Paint — Seals, etc. Com ­ plete van interiors for under 
$6oo Van & M u Home 
Tuneups 
“Freni mild lo »Hd” 
614 W. Rhapsody 
3 4 9 -8 2 7 2 

M e x ic a n lo d y w ill c le a n y o u r h o u se . $2 3o h o u r, v e r y h a r d w o r k in g la d y 
D o n 't h a v e a n y transportation 515 Offer St_______ 

16 yr. old B o y wants w ork, Satur dovs, su m m e r 
Exce llen t in art. 
Alert. E astsid e area. 337-6o77. 

1976 Trovel Trailer. 28’, self-con- tam ed $55oo. 533-5395 
____ 
C o m m e r c ia l m e a t slic e r. C a sh register, B u rro u gh s. 735-7264 
BARBERA SPORTS 
323 Broodway of 4th PARK FREE 
5o marine yeors in S.A 227 2112 
9-6 p m. Thats. Nile 9 p.m. Closed Sot. 

U sed 8' C A B O V E R C A M P E R 
H A R P E R M T R C A M P E R L A N D 
24o1 S.W M ilita ry 924-5S14 

D E N N IS O N E le c t r ic P in n in g 
M a rk in g m achine, M odel A, com ­ p le te w ith n u m e r ic a l a n d al- phobeticol type. $125. 226-8137. 

D eer lease 1ooo a cre prim e hunt m g area. L o c a te d so u th w e st of 
Falfurrias, Tx. H a ve 5 gun open- ings. Call 512-787 3122 otter 5 

IS yr old boy w ants w ork during sum m er m onths in plant nu rsery or pet shop. C all 344-o928 after 
4pm_______ ______________________ 

M ilita ry trained LV N , soon to be 
R N. seeking p h ysician s assistan t type position. 
Bob M c 
Intyre. 
824 5277___________________ 
1 3 'U S E D T R A V E L T R A IL E R 
H A R P E R M T R C A M P E R L A N D 
24o1S W Militory-924-5514 
For A L L N E W and U S E D Kitchen 
Equipm ent and Supplies. See 
Levinson R e stau ran t Supply Co. 
19oo Son P edro__________733-o931 

F I S H IN G , r a n c h t a n k s , B a s s , 
Catfish, Crappie. $1o. per day per person. 333-6955_________________ 

14 yr old B oy w illing and able to work at any lob ge ared to m y aqe level. E astsid e oreo. 337-6o77 

17 M o n th v e te ra n s e e k in g e m ­ p lo y m e n t a s stockbov. p a c k a g e b o y , d e liv e r y boy. o r s e c u r ity g u a r d a n d g o in g to sc h o o l tor training. 533-19o7.________________ 

IS V A Q U E R O 23' *’ T R A IL E R 
Air, T V antenna, sleeps 7 
SO U T H T E X A S T railers, 653-4161 

197o 19ft., 21ohp E v in ru d e boat, 4 wheel trailer, elec. pow er winch, new w ate r pum p , e x tr a p ro p s, m an y extras $58oo 696 3576. 

W e g u a r a n te e low e r p rise s on n e w furniture than an y other re ta il furniture store a n y w h e re re g a rd le ss of a n y k in d o f sa le they m a y run. lf y o u can b e a t the prices on a n y furniture you bu y fro m us a t an y other retail fu rn itu re sto re w e w ill re ­ fun d to y o u 1 2 o % of the d iH ere n ce. 

I Price, confirmation required. 

2 Must be within 3o days of purchase — Your receipt is proof of purchase. 
3 Must be alike ond of some brand and or model no. s. 

G ood L u m b e r Good Lengths 
8 ................................. 19c L F 
6 .............................. 19'ic LF 
8 ................................. 26C L F 

F o r sale, portable elevator deer b lin d s, a ls o to w e r b lin d s a n d gro u n d blinds. C a ll G a r z a W e ld ­ ing Service, 627-9oo6, 923-2918 (att 

16 yr old desires work of a n y kind 
H a v e ow n tra n sp o rta tio n need full tim e su m m e r lob 696 5o62. 
Jew elry ond gift shop equipment: c a sh re g iste r ,sh o w case s, w all c a s e s a n d g if t s t a n d s . C a ll 
654-1o35 or 653-6728_____________ 

‘74 Venture tent trailer, sleeps 8, has stove, icebox, sink and hook­ u p s for w a te r a n d e le c tr ic ity . 
$15oo 
333 8519 after 
5:3opm I w kdays__________________________ 
•72 V W C a m p e r 
P o p top, a ir, j electric refrig. Sleeps 4 826-7458 
W A N T E D 
One m an sleeper for narrow bed pickup. 534-3792 

N eat, kind ond de pendable lody e s ir e s w ork in hom e c a r in g tor shut in and light cooking 222-9786. 
N eed Bom 5pm lob Exp e rie n ce s o s c a s h ie r , b u s g ir l, co o k a n d p a c k a g i n g 
I'm 2o y r s o n d a housew ife 734-2593_______________ 

14ft 
Lo n e Sta r, 2Shp m o to r, 2 wheel troller, $55o or best offer, 
661-4714,_____________________ 
16 Y r o ld h ig h sc h o o l stu d e n t n e eds su m m e r lob 
L ik e s au to r e p a ir o r a n y k in d of w o rk a w arehouse helper, g a ra g e , pack- age boy, etc 349-675o____________ 

You can find the following standard features on all Itasca 
Mini motor homes: 

• Thermal-Steel construction 
• 6 cubic foot gas electric refrigerator • 4 burner range with oven » 6 gallon quick recovery water heater • Double stainless steel sink • Marine 
Toilet • Ouol holding tanks • 3 speed Turbo Hydromatit trans­ mission 
• Power steering 
• Power brakes with power front disc 
• Safety glass windshield and windows 

N C R 499 M IN I C O M P U T E R , m a ­ trix Printer with payroll and gen­ eral le d ge r so ftw are 
I yr. old. 
E x ce lle n t condition. T ak e over rem aining tease. 226-5526,_______ 

• 
HEIMER i 
CAMPER SALES 
SAN ANTONIO S EXCLUSIVE 
COACHMEN 
DEALER 
• TENT TRAILERS 
• TRAVEL TRAILERS 
• TRUCK CAMPERS 
• MINI MOTOR HOMES 
• STH WHEEL TRAILERS 
3329 S.W. Military 
Just West of Somers! Rd. 
Mon Fn 9 to 8 P M Sot 9 6 

17tt. R a n g e r B a s s B o at, lO Shp 
C hrysle r, custom trailer, finder, 
2-24 troll motor. . $5475 
T E X - A L L B o o t, 222-9628 

» 5oo S e g u in R d , 226-3141 • 
27oo A c re s - 3o m inutes south of 
San Antonio. 12 b uck lim it 
All brush Abundant der ond turkey 
Season Lease. $2 SO per acre, lf interested write 
Box 
N o 
2841 
E xpre ss. 

S IN C L A IR L U M B E R CO 
2x4, 8ti................................ 88c ea 
2x4, IO 16ft........................17' ic ft. 
2X6, IO- 14ft...........................24c ft 
4x4 .................................... 49c ft. 
4x8x' i " plyw ood, seconds . $5.99 
7 ft. treated fence posts 
$1.59 eo. 
P R E - F IN IS H E D M O U L D IN G 
D o or trim , 7ft.................... 99c en. bose, 8ft...........................$1.19 ea. 
Inside corner, 8ft...............49c eo. 
Outside corner, att.............69c ea. 
I ' 8 cap., 8ft...................... 79c ea. 
9456 S. P re sa at 41o, 633-29o9 

36 yr old Vie! N am Veteran, D ig i­ tal Ele ctronics m otor, gra d u a tin g th is A u g u st, n e e d s p e rm a n e n t e m p lo y m e n t in the S A a r e a . 
V e ry successful record Ret. and w ork exp by request. 657-2684. 

N e e d su m m e r job a s p a in t e r s helper. C a rp e n te rs helper, e lec­ t io n s helper 
17 
Y e a r s old. 
433-5494 

One unit X R A Y M A C H IN E 
923-3341 or 922 6o88 
1972 19ft. Sterncraft, trihull, 165 
M e r e . in b o a r d o u td r iv e , D illy trailer, $445o 654-8o9o___________ 
W e B U Y A L L T y p e s of T r a v e l 
T rollers Call: M E L 924-5514 
R e sta u ra n t b o o th e s and tables with fo rm ica tops. 1oo9 Florida, 
534-1594__________________________ 
16ft 
T e x a s M aid , 65 hp m otor, trailer Coll 684-3933 atter 6 
19' W h e e l C a m p e r Sth W h e e l 
T railer, sleeps 6, bath, air, gas- e le c tric r e f r ig e r a t o r , v a c u u m cle a n e r, v e r y c le a n 
P u ll w ith p ic k u p o r r a n c h e r o . 
$3895. 
I 392 37o2 e v e s______________ 

H u n t tro p h y d u c k s, w ild boor, geese, ducks, quail, and iavelinas on 12,ooo a c r e s of the b e st in 
Z a p a ta C o unty, Tx. 45oo It. air strip ; beautiful ca m p site on 25o acre lake. $3.25 per acre. Cull Roy 
Jennings I 724-3oo5 or 1-723-2821 

N O T R E D A M E G R A D U A T E D E 
S I R E S 
J O B 
A S 
W R I T E R 
P L E A S E C A L L 826-26o8_________ 

27 y r s old, in pe rfe ct p h y s ic a l condition, h a ve 2 y r s of co lle ge a n d a c o m m e r c ia l lic e n se , a m looking tor w ork on N S. delivery with sm all tru ck or b obtails, or will train for m ature position. 
341-9o81.__________________________ 

2 s h o w c a s e s fo r sa le . 
C a ll 
224-4461, ask for Ted.____________ 
73 17ft. V 175 G lastro n with V hull 
W alk th ru w indshield, 35o C h e v y 
Berkley let drive. Seats 6. custom d rive o n tra ile r, like new condi- tion. $325o. 227-9568______________ 

1974 15ft. V I P b a s s bo at, 4ohp 
Jo h n so n , D illy tra ile r , e x tr a s. 
$225o 654-8o9o.________________ 

P o in t e r 's h e lp e r, c o n stru c tio n labor, have own ca r for lob in S A. or area At least $3.oo h r to start. 
532 6484 

Taylo r Tw in ice cream machine, 
$125o. 249-8166 Boerne, Tx.______ 
'7o W IG W A M 18’ 
Self contained, air. $2595 
T ra v e lto w n T e x a s 653-6711 
3t I — 
1 o4 Lam ar 
* 3 ___1 o 4 1 o Perrin-B«i*el 
6 Openings deer an d turkey, $275 gun. W est B e x ar Co 533-979o 

R E D D O G C H A R T E R S 
P ort M an sfie ld , 7858o. 944 22o2, 
N ig h t F is h in g B a r g e Oft Sh o re ond D ivin g parties._______________ 

W A N T E D : D o v e L e a se , South 
Zone. Call 226-1316 Anytim e. 

P a r t or full time, e x perien ce in cashier, rece iving and handling, filing 5 day work w eek. N o Sat an d 
S u n p refe r e v e n in g sh ift So u th ­ side 922-2873________________ 

24 Yrs. old, m arried, I yr., 3 mo. stu d e n t ot St. P h illip s C o lle g e . 
M ech an ically inclined and looking for auto m echanic. E xp e rie n ce in fuel, engine overhaul, air cond. 
222-937o.__________________________ 

2 Y r ald, used 3 tim es, S tarm aste r 
6, popup trailer, 
$1,9oo 
Lytle, 
1-772-3386.________________________ 
Coll H a rry of 224-6661 
1975 Colem an pop-up trailer. E x ­ cellent cond. 534-9891 
12' G am e Fisher, 4' nnotor, oar, life jacket, anchor, trailer, $375. 
653-3797______________________ 
C & S LUMBER 
COMPANY 
SPRING SPECIALS 
Kiln dried— Neo Brite 
2*4-8-14' No. 2 YR 
16« Lf. 
2x6-8— 14 No. 2 YP 
24c 
2x4-8-14' Mo. I YP 
18C 
2x6-8-14' No. I YP 
26< 
2x8-8-14 No. 2 YP .........31c 
2x6-8-14' No. I YP 
34c 
BARGAIN HUNTERS 
SPECIAL 
2x4 precut KD fir studs 
794 
2x4 precut KD YP studs 
79c 
2x4 1o-16 KD fir 
IIC 
2x6 1o— 16 KO fir 
15c 
4x8 V? CDK OFPA 
$4.99 
4x8 
7/16 
R.B.8B. embossed hdboard sdg. Brined A grade 
S9.9S 
CASH & CARRY 
WHILE STOCK LASTS 

U se d Spe cial Price, 1ox12, 1ox1o, 
8x8, Storage Bldgs, floors. Term s, 
Fre e Del 653-811)._______________ 
2ox28 o ffice or lake cabin, free delivery, term s. 732-5171_______ 

•74 
C o le m a n 
V a lle y 
F o r g e 
Cam per, excellent condition, coil 
675-2oo6 evenings or weekends. 
71 F A N , 17' 
S T A H M A N N T R A IL E R S A L E S 
IH IO, 3 M i. north (X Boerne 
R T 2 B O X 127, S A Phone 224-2426 
O P E N 12-5 P.M . S U N D A Y 

P arttim e lob wanted 
B A holder with 5 ye ars experience in social se r v ic e s plu s so m e s e c re ta r ia l sk ills an d qood with public. R e ­ sum e and reterences available. 
674 5296__________________________ 

16' G la stro n C aro u se l, in b o ard out, like new 826-9565 695-8o56 
B e a u tifu l 

Early American or C on­ temporary Kingsize Bed­ room set 
Includes 
Dresser, 
Mirror, 
Chest, 
Night Stand, Bed, Foun­ dation. $259. Displayed 
O nly Can Deliver. Terms. 

Smith Construction Co. 
8515-B Speedway 349-4127 

16 yrs old, student, want parttim e lob cafeteria and bab y sitter 
226-394o 
IS ' G la stro n , 7 5H P E v in m otor with custom drive-on trailer. All e xtras! Atter 6pm 695-916o______ 

W orking Cattle R an c h 8 m iles SE of C otu lla. T e n n is C o u rt, sw im ­ m ing pool, fishing, booting, a rro ­ w h e a d h u n tin g, h ik in g , n a tu re trail along the N ueces River, wild life p h o t o g r a p h y 
O ld r a n c h h o u se , a ir - c o n d it io n e d , 
4 b e d ro o m s, bath, kitch en , liv in g area, porch, furnished, com forta­ ble. SISO per mo. R iv e r Cottage u n d e r L a r g e O a k tre e s. I b e ­ d room with 4 beds. I room with kitchen, d in in g area . B ar. E le c ­ tricity, re fr ig e r a to r, fu rn ish e d . 
N e e d s so m e w o rk. $75 per mo. 
Y e a rly re n ta ls 
H u n tin g L e a se s extra. 1-676-3313. 
__________ 

'Includes dealer | destination charges. 
^ 
TINDALL and SON 
PONTIAC GMC, INC 
A u th o rite d D e a le r for... e EX EC U T IV E • e IT A S C A • 
• E X P L O R E R • 
M O T O R H O M E S 
F lu s a fu ll line o f u se d R.V. veh icles 
4 6 o o S A N P E D R O 
7 3 6 -1 S61 or 7 3 6 -1 5 6 8 on 
. 
Sa tu rd ay s! 

Part-tim e typing, lf bookkeeping, 
P B X , filing, receptionist, etc A lso sole s 684-2453.___________________ 

'73 15’ G lastro n V-hull skiboat, ‘74 
65 hp. Mere. $1695 or best otter 
734-4749.__________________________ 
D a m a g e d 2 12x24 red barn heavy duty floors, term s free del. 
924-o32o. 
76 Fifth wheel tra v e l trlr , 32ft. 
Tw ilight B ungalow 649-1391______ 
P e rso n wants to learn la n d sc a p ­ in g a r c h it e c t u r e - s t o r t a s apprentice- prefer stort no earlier than June IO. 1977 655-6)97 noble Cat Sailboats 
D IS P L A Y at S T O N E M A R IN E 
724o B an d e ra Ro ad 
Dealer: Jewett Services, 342-8778 

D a m a ge d 12x32, 12x4o, storage or add on b ldgs. Term s, free del. 
653-8111. 

3o It. A ir stre a m , top condition, 
$5,5oo. I-2S7-4885 K errville 
74 18ft. F a n Le e tra v e l tra ile r. 
Fully self contained, sleeps 6, air, excellent. $32oo. 922 o942_________ 
P o s t g r a d student w ith M S. D e ­ gree seeks sum m er em ploym ent of an y n a tu re a lth o u g h p re fe r p ro g ra m m in g , tutor in b u sin e ss or science, or re se arch w ork of any type 923-1436________________ 

 yo ur lot. A ll paneled and plum b­ ing, vinyl floor covering 
2 bedroom , I bath, $1o,5oo 
3 bedroom , I bath. $12,8oo 
Dodson L u m b e r 
624-2256 

18 Ft. T r a v e l t ra ile r 
Se lf con tamed $235o 648-o266____________ 
ROADRUNNER 
TRAVEL TRAILER 
SA LE S 
HI-LO TRAVEL 
TRAILERS 

TINDALL and SON 
MOTOR HOMES 
46oo SAN PEDRO 
736-1561 or 736-1568 
ON SATURDAY 

Lake M cQ ueeney, 512-557-6622 
Open E v e ry d a y except M o n d ay 
H A R P E R M O T O R CO 
C A M P E R L A N D 
S A L E S and S E R V IC E tor 
T E R R Y , T A U R U S , T W IL IG H T 
B U N G A L O W T ravel T ra ile rs and 
5Th Wheels 
24o1 S.W. M ilita ry 924-5514 
H rs: M on-Fri. 9-6, Sun. 1:3o-6 

A N T E X T R A V E L C E N T E R 
38o2 N W. Loop 41o 
__________ 734-5131 
P r a c t ic a l N u r s e 19 y r s e x p e r ­ ience, references. N o lifting O n busline 22S-6o41__________________ 
K N O D E L M A R I N E 
La k e M cQ ueeney SA P h 6S8-9164 open Tues-Sot 9-6, Sun 15 
A D D A R O O M , C u s t o m B u ilt 
Size, Delivery- Te rm s, 923-4346. 
P ro c ), nurse, co m p an io n for el derly 
Live in out. IOO per wk 
534 o747 
16' L a rso n Sk i boat, 85hp evin- rude, excellent, $2ooo 684-8469 
6x8...$295 
8x1o...$396 
O th e r siz e s a v a ila b le 
Q U A L I T Y C O N S T R U C T IO N 
H e av y-D u ty Floor Included 
DITTMAR LUMBER 
SOO S e g u in Rd. 
226-3141 

M O T O R H O M E S 
Ex clu sive F ran c h ise d D e ale r tor: 
X P L O R E R . T R A V E L Q U E E N 
K IN G S H IG H W A Y , K E Y S T O N E 
342o SO P A D R E IS L A N D DR.51 
C O R P U S C H R IS T I, Tx. 
78415 

A m erican M obile & M od u lor 
H O M E S IN S A N A N T O N IO , Inc 
922-7191 
922-o44 
P re law student de sire s work in office, full time, light typing, good w orker, coll Chuck 734-6149.______ 

1975 M F G S u p e r B a s s IS ' 
6’ beam , fully equipped, 85 hp M e r ­ cury custom drive on trailer - big wheels 675-1411 aft 5.____________ 

1975 H o lid a y R a m b le r 5ooo 32'. 
T h is tra ile r h a s all the o p tio n s in lu d m g a w n in g a n d c e n t r a l v a c u u m n cle a n e r. W ill a c c e p t trade. 653-4161. 
_________ 

E S T A B L I S H E D 19o4 
W E B U Y & S E L L 
D IA M O N D S 
P L A T IN U M 
G O L D 
S IL V E R 
A P P R A I S A L S 
M A D E 
O N 
J £ W E L R Y » F O R IN S U R A N C E 
P U R P O S E S A N D E S T A T E S 
325 A L A M O P L A Z A 
226-1424 

C & S LUMBER 
COMPANY 
4647 ROOSEVELT 
(512) 924-8556 

‘75 A rtcraft '4x7o. 3 br, 2 baths 
Excellent condition. 684-4992. 
Q ualifie d dental a ssista n t w ants p o r tt im e w o rk w ill f ill-in to r v o c a tio n s. P re fe r g e n e r a l d e n ­ tistry 436-2797___________________ 

■73 W in n e b a g o B r a v e 
P o w e r stee ring and brakes. Auto, fully self contained with Onan ge n e ra­ tor 
D u a l fu e l ta n k s. 66oo m i. 
655-24o3 Oft S 

M u st sell to buy new one: 15ft. 
197o P h a n to m b o a t w ith 5ohp 
M e rc u ry in good condition. W ill toke 51ooo firm . 675-2338 after 5. 

493o RIGSBY 648-oo6o 
74 A R T C R A F T , 14x7o. 2 be d r o o m , d is h w a s h e r , w a s h e r , dryer. Wet bar. M u st sell, m oving. 
L o c a te d in G r e e n tr e e V illa g e 
Pork, 656-6478 
_____________ 

B urke M otor H om e Center 
86oo B R O A D W A Y 
_________ 828-9134 

!! C L O S E O U T •• 
TW O 9'<i’, self contained cab over cam p ers All new! 
H A R P E R M T R C A M P E R L A N D 
24o1 S.W .M ilitary 924-55)4 

P o r t a b le B u ild in g s M o v e d by 
M o rgan . Bonded. 653-8)11._______ 
R e giste re d child co re 
M o n d a y thru Saturday 655-3o31__________ 
'72 C H A M P IO N 24' M otor Hom e 
P ow er plant, a ir, a m -fm radio. 
Tape deck, v e ry nice. Sle e p s 8 
$95oo 923-768o 

•71 W in n e b a go , 6 cyl, se lf con tained, 34,ooo m i $73oo. 1-964-387o 
Reduced 7x8 heavy duty storage, 
Term s, free del. 732-5171_________ 
Nacra ^Catam aran 
Dealer Introd Ofter 826-3393 
2 bedroom Arfline M obile Hom e excellent cond, 822-795o aft 4:3o 
R e lia b le B a y lo r stu d e n t w ith p r e v io u s iob e x p e rie n c e w a n ts fu ll tim e s u m m e r w o rk 
S to re clerk or other. Fluent in Spanish. 
653 o182. 
__________ __________ 

L a te m o d e l, little u se d , v e r y clean, p a rt ia lly se lf c o n ta in e d 
Cabover com per 653-4646 ______ 
TRAVELER’S WORLD 

2617 Roosevelt 
532-6o61 
AVION 
Travel Trailers - Motor Homes 
Trade-in Bargains 
7 2 PROWLER 24 . . . . $35oo 
7 2 TERRY 2 6 .......... $55oo 
7 6 AVION M in i....... 
7o HOLIDAY 31’....... $5895 
66 AIRSTREAM 
$495o 

‘76 W innebago. 26’, ex tra clean 
$16,5oo. Call: 494-6356.___________ 
Reno 12x4o dam aged 12x24 m ust sell tree de livery term s 923-4346 
'71 2 bedroom 12x56. $49oo or best offer 648-2351 eves, weekends. 
12 New Flat Bottom boat with 5hp and trailer $275 6S6-1348________ 
C u sto m B uilt I ow ner '69 F o rd 
Su p e r V a n M o to r H o m e. F u lly equipped, excel cond $495o 722 
P o r r id g e . 341-4422, 494-6869 
DITTMAR LUMBER 
5oo SEGUIN * 226-3141 

Genuine Strong Barn Corrug. Iron lengths to 2 o .......... $24.95 sq. 
Corrugated Fiberglass, full 4 oz. 
8, $4.39; IO , $5.49; 12', $6.59 
Asbestos Siding .......$27.95 sq. 
First quality birch paneling. 
'/« in............... $7.95 eo. 
4x8-3/8 COX plywood $5.79 ea. 
4x8— 1/2" CDX plywood 
$6.98 ea. 
Insulation 3V>"........ ,9'/i4 sq. ft. 
Insulation 6 
.......... 16* sq.ft. 
THE M O N E Y SAVER 
MasterCharge BankAmeriiard 
Where Cash Buys at Wholesale 

•73 W in n e b a g o In d ia n 
23 ft. 
Excellent condition $1o,ooo. D a y s 
658-o52), m tes I 625-6181 ____ 

U sed redw ood 8x16, 1ox12 storage bldg free del term s 684-1236. 
Like new 1975 H o liday R a m b le r 
1ooo Fully loaded, price is right. 
Trade accepted. 653-416).________ 

W anted: L a rg e landscap e p a in t­ ing, m ust have natural reputation, like Robert W ood or Onderdonk 
Call M o rn in gsid e M anor, Room 
327. 

B e ryl's M obile H om e Center 
N E W and USED-651-6961 
16513 IH-35 N O R T H (Se lm a Exit) 

New 15 ’ ift R egal, T ri Hull, 65hp. 
M ercu ry, T ra ile r................. $2993. 
N ew 1 5 'itt R e gal, T ri H ull 65hp 
Johnson, T railer 
................$3o49 
N ew 16 ft C h r y s le r S p o rt F u r y lOOhp Evinrude, T railer ... $3475 

R e lia b le h ig h s c h o o l stu d e n t w ould like to b ab ysit w hile you work By the hour, day or week 
U n ive rsal City area Coll 658-9775 

U sed 12x32 for bunk house, stor- oge, term s, free del. 924-5oo3. 
W l llia m s c r a f t 22' M in i M o f o r 
Hom e, self contained, 3 w ay re­ frigerator, air, 7 new tires. S45oo. take trade. 696-3862.______________ 

‘73 23ft Sooner m otor hom e with e v e ry th in g , low m ile a g e , new tires, S97oo. 696-2423_______ 

1969 M o b ile Scout. L o ad e d with options! 2)' long. 658-2811______ 
R e search technician B S. degree, b io lo g y c h e m istry m in o r 4 y r s e x p e rie n c e g e n e ra l la b o ra to ry work. Experience in an im a l su r­ g e ry electron m icroscopy. 
696 o569_________________________ 

72 Open Road overhead cam per, loaded, air included. B argain . See at 
Alam o 
Sports 
Cars. 
3111 
Broadw ay.__________________ 

‘75 G M C 19' M ini M otor Hom e, tow m ileage, fully selfcontained, with all extras Lots of T L C 
F o r sale or trode 696-2o75. 

F O R U S E D M O B IL E H O M E S 
655-o471___________ 
651-63! 
*72 F o re st P a r k M o b ile Hom e, 
12’x6o' with 14'x22’ liv in g room . 
C xp an d o . 3-), m e tal patio aw n ings, tie downs, air conditioners, central heat. E xce llen t cond. To be m o ve d off p r o p e r t y . $47oo. 
532-6484 offer loam 

La ke M c Queeney, Open Sunday 
_________ 512-557-6622 
Displayed 

B u t N e v e r U sed 

Kingsize Bedroom Set Complete 
S225. White Gold Bedroom Set, 
Bamboo Rattan, Herculon Sofa and Chair ST39. Recliner S59. 
Extro Firm Full Size Bed SGS. 
Stereo, Sofa Sleeper, S165. Can 
Deliver, Terms. 
Smith Construction Co. 
18515-8 Speedway 349-4127 

•75 G M C M in iM oto r Hom e, perfect cond, oil options, e x tre m e ly low m ileage. 
*1o,5oo 
696-7498 or 
226-4164. 

B u yin g and Selling 
Gold ond Silver Coins, etc. 
2o6 W est Ave, 735-7131, 9:3o-6 3o 
D o cto r’s Investm ent G roup is in­ terested in buying coins, stom ps, rolls, proofs, gold, Franklin M ints, etc. Contact Dr. Vogt, 736-2o79. 

M a n 's 14Kt. Solid gold watch and bond. 684-1895. 

74 N ew m an 14' aft, 6ohp C hrysler, driveon trailer $2295. 734-4592. 
Responsible B aylor student would lik e fu ll tim e s u m m e r e m ­ ploym ent G e ology m otor Office w ork (type), outdoor, children. store clerk 655 2766_______ 

21’ gu lf G u lf boat with twin V-4 
Evinrudes, and trailer 
648-1131, 
656-2678___________ 

2171 Austin Hw y 

Pop-Top Cam per. Sleeps 6, stove and ice box. N ew condition. *12oo. 
341-2ooo 
G M C M otor Hom e For Rent 
349-o772; 349-431); 734-9389 
1974 A irstre am }9' A m b a ssa d o r' 
Sleeps 5, air, stereo, lack, etc. W ill lake ony type trode in. 653-4161. 
•75 P R O W L E R 2o’ 
Self contaied, sleeps 6, $35oo. 
T R A V E L T O W N Texas, 653-6711 

R e sp o n sib le high school student can do typing, y a rd w o rk , b a b y ­ sitting, cleaning houses and other o d d s an d ends. W o rk in N o rth 
E o s t District. 653-565o. 

‘76 G M C P a lm B e a c h M o t o r 
Home, 26*, 16,ooo m iles, dual air, sleeps 6, excellent cond. 822-o3oo; 
492 1387 after 5 pm. 
____________ 

New -Used, 114oo IH 35N. 655-o471 
•72 A IR S T R E A M 3V 
S T A H M A N N T R A IL E R S A L E S 
IH IO, 3 M i. north of Boerne, 
R T 2 Box 127, S A Phone 224-2426 
O P E N S U N D A Y 12-5 P .M . 

Like New B eautiful 12x65 M obil 
Hom e M ak e Offer 667-124o.______ 
‘76 32’ Landau R e gen cy, brow n rear bath, loaded, plus levelers, low m ileage. $29,75o W eekends, 
817-387-8o73; w eekdays, 
5)2-225-2924.________ 

N E W 1977, 14x6o 
$925o. Will finance 655-o471 
R e su m es, professionally written 
-m y home Typing, m anuscripts, etc 
E x p e r ie n c e d , Q u a lifie d 
E x p e rie n ce d co p yw ritin g, p ro o ­ fre a d in g 
B a b y sit h andicappe d. 
Experienced 824-o675. 

S T A H M A N N T R A IL E R S A L B S 
IH IO, 3 M i. north of Boerne 
RI. 2 Box 127, S A phone, 224-2426 
O P E N S U N D A Y 12-5 P.M . 
R O A D R U N N E R T R A V E L 
T R A IL E R S A L E S 
493o R IG S B Y 
648 oo6o 

•73 A IR S T R E A M 25' 
This trailer ha s all o p tio n s+ ow n ­ ing. Very good condition. W ill a c ­ cept tradein. 
SO U T H T E X A S Trailers. 653-4)61 

N o rth w e st a re a , 12x65 cu sto m b u ilt, tu rn . C e n t r a l a i r h e a t, 
56,ooo or $1,5oo eq uity an d as- some, 684-8269 after 7 P M 
Luxury M otor H om es Rent Low 
Rates. 658-7661, 656-7119 
LUMBER BARGAINS totex Wall Paint 
$3.5o 
‘ 2x4 No. 3 Select studs 
894 
| 24o lb. Sealdown shingle $14.25 
4x8 '/?” CDX Plywood 
$6.99 
4x8 Vt" plywood 
$1o.95 
24x36 aluminum windows$l 2.45 

I' ALUMINUM PATIO DOORS 
(6 foot............................ $,"9 
“CASH A N D CA R R Y " 
BARNES LUMBER CO. 
12o7 E. Durango 
533-5115 

R e tire d m ilita ry 
N on sm o k e r, non drinker seeking em ploym ent with o firm with a future. G ro c e ry store, m anagem ent, som e adm in- is t r a t iv e e x p e r ie n c e a n d a i r traffic control 623-3o76.______ 

O W N E R S E L L IN G beautiful 1976 
Lancer. 72x14, two be dro o m s. 2 baths. H o u se typ e c e n tra l air, w asher, dryer, dish w ash e r, 41x9 patio cover, etc. Set up in adult section of nice park R e ason able 
924-4231 or 333-4899. 

‘68 A IR S T R E A M 26 
T h is tra ile r is a ir co n d itio n e d , alm ost like new. Will accept trade in. 
SO U T H T E X A S Trade rs, 653-4161 

‘73 M in i H om e, 19', good condi tion, 56,895. 654-o)74 

‘74 M ini-M o tor Hom e, 22', 25,ooo mi., sleeps 6, excellent condition 
A sk in g $93oo 69o-9521____________ 
Luxurious Velvet 
Herculon or Naugahyde 
Sofas 

$1oo. loveseat 
$75, 
Chairs $5o, Tables $17 each. 
Dinette 
$55, 
Bedroom 
Set Complete 
$ 1 25, 
Can 
Deliver. 
Terms. 
Smith Construction Co. 
8515-B Speedway 349-4127 

N O R T H S ID E S U P E R V IS E D 
*1o P E R M O N T H 
45o H E IM E R R O A D 
C a 
M ile 
F ro m 
San 
P e d ro 
D riv e -In ) 
826-4*44___________ 

ORGANS 
PIANOS 
HAMMOND 
EVERETT 
RODGERS 
KAWAII 
CABLE NELSON 
New From *495 
Used From *195 

425 N. Main 224-5526 

Wonderland 732-8529 

North Star 
344-o248 

A lask an cam per tits 8' truck bed, sem i-self contained, la ck s, 585o. 
653-8158 ofter 4. 

R e t ir e d 
X - r a y t e c h n o lo g is t a v ailab le tor parttim e w ork, till in fo r v a c a tio n p e rio d s o r ste a d y em ploym ent 732-1835____________ 

S A V E Le g W ork an d H assle ! 
Let us locate your 
M anufactured 
H ousing-M obile 
Hom e 
Professionol H o u sin g Consultants 
For Info or Appointm ent, 655-o266 

V o g u e 32' V in o G r a n d e F u lly equated, sleeps 8, p rivate party rents by week 494 64o7 
A R IS T O C R A T Travel T raile rs 
The choice of the quality buyer 
R A H M B E R G R V C E N T E R 
271 A U S T IN H W Y . 
655-o251 
M O T O R H O M E R E N T A L S : Fully self contained. R ate s bv day or week-653-61o8_________________ 

R A H M B E R G R V C E N T E R 
E xclusive Dealer for: Cham pion, 
T ita n , L ife tim e M o t o r H o m e s, 
M ini M otor Hom es 
2271 A U S T IN H W Y 
655-o251 

R e c re a tio n a l V e h ic le s 
F O R R E N T 
V a n s 
M ini M otor H om es 
M otor Hom es 
R E S E R V E Y O U R S T O D A Y 
Contact Bill at 
R e sc o L e a sin g 
55o5 San P e d ro 
________ 732-2288 

R e tired IS ye ars Personnel M a n ­ agem en t ex perien ce. IO Y e a r s 
E E O , IO y e a rs L a b o r M g t re la ­ tions experience. Som e fam ilia ri­ ty with com puters Degree, plus ad d hours C all 341-16o1 
S a lo ry negotiable. 341-16o1, 

13.5' Sailboat, C h ry s 
Lone Star 
M ain, nb, trlr. 5895. 342-4632. 
S A I L B O A T . IS ft 
V ip e r 
A ll fib e rglass ond unsinkable. E x q u i­ site sailin g craft in perfect condi­ t io n 
B r a n d ne w H i g h la n d e r trailer included. H a s 3o ft. m ast w ith m a in s a il a n d lib . 51,25o 
684-9)74 or 673-7911 
____ 

18' D illy T r o lle r , d o u b le a x le , 
$125. 16' A ristocrat) with new D il­ ly Trailer, 51ooo 32' Travel-eze, 
'72 t r a v e l t r a ile r . 
B u ilt -in e v e ry th in g 
M U S T S F E ! $75oo 
L o t s o f ir o n t u r n it u r e . C a ll 
733-7443 anytim e 

B arga in Hunter Special! 1975 A p ­ p le b y T e n t C o m p e r . J u s t lik e new! 653-4161. 

B L A N C O P R O D U C T S 
N O M A D - R E D D A L E -J A Y C O 
41o at B ro adw ay 824-2981 
B Y O W N E R : 1972 T railblazer 2o ft T ra v e l T ra ile r. N e v e r used. 
$4995. Cosh only. 93o Oodic 

•74 U nfurnished 14x64 Cham pion 
2 br, t bath. R e fin a n ce approx. botonee of $64oo. 432-2777_______ 
In s u r a n c e C o s a y s , ‘W e m u st low er in v e n to ry this m u c h ', in o rd e r to m e e t n e w ly im p o s e d limits. So you can 

U S E D - R E P O 'D M O B IL E H O M E S 
S U N S E T M O B IL E H O M E S 
2762 
S.W 
M IL IT A R Y 
922-o54o 
A C M E L U M B E R & S U P P L Y 
1oo1 Austin St., 226-1437 
U nive rsal City, 658-6331 
R e t r ir e d 
W ill do y a r d w o rk 
Reason able- any day. 735-o171. 
Dingo C atam a ra n , m ain and jib, like new, very last. 624-2o78______ 
W A N T E D ! ! ! 
U S E D M O B IL E H O M E S 
C A S H -F A S T S E R V IC E 
M R . M IL E S 924-4231 

S a ilb o a t , 
S n ip e , e x c e lle n t c o n d itio n , $9oo c o m p le te w ith trailer. 736-o897 
A L A M O E N T E R P R IS E S 
H A S E V E R Y T H IN G 
TO B U IL D A N Y T H IN G 

S e c re fa r y -r e c e p tio n ist p o sitio n w a n te d 5 y r s total e x p e rie n c e b a n k in g a n d c le r ic a l w o rk , in ­ clu d in g 2 y rs le gal office, ex p e r­ ience Bilingual, type 55-6o W P M , no sh o rth an d Dow ntow n, South­ s id e . o r S W a r e a p r e f e r r e d . 
S o lo ry $525 up 434 )o3o__________ 

■65 15' F ib e rg la ss Ski Boat, 75hp ski equipt, trailer, S/SO 341-o824. 
•75 C A B O V E R Cam per. Self con­ tained 
$1875.(paid 
$3,ooo). 
922-3426_________________________ 
C a m p e r ca b o v e r tor 8’ pa, self cont, other extras, stove, icebox, sink, jocks. 5595 341-6938 att 7 

W E T A K E T R A D E IN S, W E 
B U Y U S E D M O B IL E H O M E S 
C A L L : M A X 
924-42! 

18 
S E A A R R O W , tri-hull, !88hp 
M e re cru ise r, all e x tr a s! V e ry plush boat in new condition, under 
25 hrs. 558oo. 684-45oo 

Fine Selection used Sailboats 
N E W Sailboat Shop, Austin 
6o4 H igh land M o ll Blvd. 454-7171 

A S H E L L H O M E built on your lot within 5o mi. of S.A.- C arp e n try labor and m aterials low as $9 per sq.ft. See our p lan s or call today. 
2 BR, t bath (844ft.) ........... $7596 
3 B R, I bath (964ft.) ........... $8676 
3 B R, 2 bath ( 1o55ft.) ..........*9495 
3 B R, 2 bath ( 14o4ft ) .... $12,636 
With $1oo down, financing av aila­ ble to qualified buyers. 

Extra Firm 

Orthopedic Kingsize Mat­ tress, 2 Box Springs and 
Foundation, $75. Still in 
Original Package. Queen 
Size set, $65. Full Size set, $55, Twin Size Set. 
Can Deliver. Terms. 

Smith Construction Co. 

8515-B Speedway 349-4127 

24o1 S.W. Military-924-5514 
W eekdays: 9-7: Sun: 1:3o-6 
14' wide bv C H A M P IO N hom es, 
14 X7o' G U E R D O N , den, and fire place. 14'X6o', 2 bedroom 
G U E R D O N B A R G A IN S ! ! 
B U C K IN G H A M H O M E S 658-2811 

Foi Sale 
16’ C e ntury R e so rte r 
Rebuilt 389, V-8, Pontiac. E xcel- lent cond I 557-63o5 ofter 6: 
S E A R A Y S R V 2oo. 22 f*. R e d hull, while deck, dark red interior. 233 
H P M ercruiser. Excellent condi- tion. 1-298-38o6_______________ 

SH A ST A » P R O W L E R 
We Take T rade-ins 
Com plete Service Dept. 
S T A H M A N N T R A IL E R S A L E S 
IH Io 3 M i North of Boerne 
R T 2 B O X 127 S.A. Phone 224-2426 
O P E N S U N D A Y 12-5 P.M . 

C A M P E R : fits '73- 77 Short bed. 
$175. 922-3426 
S e e k in g p o sitio n a s a n o c c u p a ­ tional therap y assistant, activity d ir e c t o r in d a y c a r e ce n te r o r w riter 333-8943__________________ 

•76, 19 ft A dventure Jet Boat, 2o h rs $65oo or best otter. 656 -8782. 
16' cam p in g trailer sell contained, like new, $22oo. 1-885-7127 oft 5 
R E N T : 22' M otor Hom e, sleeps 4 
$22 day 12c mi 6S5-oo96 
76 17 S E A STA R,'7 6 H 5 hp Jo h n ­ son, drive-on galv. trailer, m any e x t r a s ! U s e d 2 t im e s . E x c e l. cond. $45oo. 698 2848 

12x64 2 bedroom , I bath with air- heat. 
$4,5oo. 
635-8911 after 
6 weekdays._______________________ 

'73 16ft A lum inum Richline, with 
4 o H P E v in r u d e m o to r, D i l ly trailer, 13" w heels, a s clean as you will find for your m oney $115o 
C o sh 
See at 221 R o n a ld L a n e , 
Balcones H eights oft 6pm all day 
Sat-Sun.______ 

1967 ^ C H E V Y C am p e r Spe cial with IO 'i ft. self contained Open- road Cab over Cam per. Good con­ dition. Clean. $26oo. both or $9oo. 
Com per only. 675-2668 otter 5. 

S e lf st a r te r , 1 2 y rs p u b lic ret, c r e a t iv e a d v , g r a p h ic s , co py, saleo, publishing. 824-7735_______ 

R E N T our fam ily 23' lu xu ry m o tor home. Super clean, C B , stereo, all extras R e servatio n s 655-o454 
12x6o 2 be dro o m m o b ile hom e 
>52oo Coli 622-3296 after 5 
S E L L O R T R A D E . 
76 In v a d e r 
18ft all canvas, 135HP pow er trim and lilt with drive-on galv an iz e d tra ile r 
L o ts of e x tr a s, a s k in q 
$5,ooo See at IS I E Vesta) Place. 
922-79o2 

66 S H A S T A 17* 
S T A H M A N N T R A IL E R S A L E S 
IH to 3 Mi. north of Boerne 
RT2 B O X 17, S A Phone 224 2426 
O P E N S U N D A Y S 12-5 P M 

Senior at M a ssa ch u se tts Institute of T e ch n o lo gy co m in g hom e for su m m e r, m a io rin g in b e h a v o ria l scie nce in m an a ge m e n t H a s also ta k e n fo rtra n , p r o b a b ilit y a n d s t a t is tic s , s o c io lo v - p s v c h o lo g y a n d life sc ie n c e s. R e s u m e a n d references av ailab le on request. 
226 8o52 
_ 

"D ep en dab le Since 1935' 
4o7 N .Zarzo m oro 
433 
"N ow that's an idea! 
Let the 
Classified ads be your garage sale market place!" 

'65 Chevy one ton with overhead w a lk -th ru O p e n R o a d C a m o e r. 
Sleeps 4. R ebuilt eng. E xce lle n t cond. M an y extras. 828-3971 after 
4:3o pm._________________________ 

F r e ig h t d a m a g e d 1ox1o po rt bldg. Term s, free del. 924 5oo3. 
1976 W innebago. 1o,ooo m i M o n y extras. $7,ooo equity 492 1638 
■75 171 aft 
A r r o w G la s s tr lh ut I, 
85hp M e rcu ry, tilt 'n' trim , only 25 hrs, D illy d rive o n , loaded, like new, $3995 653 8497__________ 

N E W A N D U S E D P IA N O S A N D 
O R G A N S A T B IG S A V IN G S , so m e a s lo w a s $295 
A n tiq u e 
Knabe, a rare bargain. C hicker- ing G rand, like new, only $2995. 
N ew Spinets, $788, large selection. 
A lso Rent-to-Buy. 
D arte rs Music Plaza 
Southside 223-6151 14oo Nogotitos 
N orthside 654-6661 5235 W olzem 
(3 blks. E o s t of W indsor M a ll) 

•72 Sh a sta 21' trailer. E x c e lle n t condition. 698-2298 
W ant To B uy M o to r H o m e 
Any 
M a k e 
A ny 
M odel. 
658-7661, 
656-7)19 
________ 

So-Tex C a n v a s P ro d u cts 
Custom M ad e Boat and M otorcy c ie C o v e r s F r e e E s t . D a y s ; 
337-4358 N ight, 337 7939__________ 

You’ll be amazed at the things you can sell with a Want A d ! 

L A C K S D isco unt w arehouse 
U sed F u rn itu re and Appliances 
943 C O L IS E U M D R . 
225-7444 

C L O S E O U T S A L E 1976 
C am p m g-T ra ve l T raile rs *396 up 
K C Trailers 71o W est A ve 735-3931 

1973 
16ft. 
C h r y s le r t r ih u ll 
B o w l d e r , w a lk th ru w in d o w 
1o5hp C h ry sle r outboard, trailer 
Lots of ex tras $325o 822-9184 

•7o 
W I L L I A M S C R A F T 
M in i 
24,ooo m i Sleeps 4 self contained. 
R o o f tru c k a ir , $56oo 
A c c e p t trade. 1121 S.W. M IL IT A R Y D R 

Sit w ith e ld e rly p a rttim e re fe r ences, N orthside. 342-37o1. 
16' Sterncraft, llO h p I O, M a n y extras $18oo. 658-2153 
7-piece w o o d e n dinette, $49.95. 
B edroo m suite, com plete, $99,95 
W ardrobe, $59.95. 
Fawcptt Furniture 
416 D olo roso , 227-6512 

M Y E R S T R A IL E R S A L E S 
114 K in gsb u ry 
S E G U IN , T X 
67 Starcraft, sleeps 8, 3-w ay re- frig.. Therm o, heater, good tires, top c o n d t io ii, 494-2144, 142)9 
Brook Hollow. 

'75 Colem an B ra n d yw in e pop up 
C am per. Sleeps 6, like new. Call: 
658-o5oo atter S. 
Call 

_ 225- 166& 

Student de sire s w ork in eng. tech tie ld . A s s o c ia t e of S c ie n c e in 
M e c h e n g tech W ill a c c e p t u n ­ related fields, also A lso stu d yin g 
A.C. an d refrig. 681-1548. 

18ft Hollyw ood fiberglass deep V hull with H 5 h p M e rcu ry Custom driveon trailer. L o o k - . od rn* > perfect. G o od co ost or sk i boat 
<715(1 227-9568 

Sunfish Sailboat, Trailer, covers, used I season $8oo. 494-5632 
‘73 W inne 2o’, a ir, gen., c ru ise control. Sle e p s 8, m a n y e x tra s 
$95oo firm. 658-8o67 F rid a y atter 6 nm ansi Sat-S in ,__________________ 

197o C O L E M A N Pop-U p Trailer 
H A R P E R M T R C A M P E R L A N D 
24o1 S.W. Military-924-5514 
'7o 15' T id e c r a f f , 6 o h p E v in 
Beautiful! $ 18oo 435-7431 433-o)42 

92? wisiCAt mrraoMEins I t o w sicfl wnwwntn 
19?s - machinery tm ls l a -m tm K ir rM is 

'• K u m rm * 

$795 
Choose from 
Traditional, 
Itoltcn frovinciol, french 
Prewar ioI, ond 
Sponhh 
Ooh 
DUO AIT Flayer Pi- onw. 
Knoble lesewood square 
Grand like new 
Spinet style Pionos like 
New from $495 
N f W Viscount 
B e rtr ew k O i y i i 
H w y with v s ond Sn vo 
Low O w tw a d 
NAVARRO 
MANO CO. 
17o2 N. ((MORADO 
734-6463 

L o w re y T h e a te r D e lu xe C on sole 
O r g a n 
F u ll p e d a ls 
L ik e new . 
S4JOO PSS-TM F. 

A T T E N T IO N : C H U R C H 
A N O M U S IC L O V E R S ! 
R e t ir e d d e a le r W A R E H O U S E 
I C L O S E O U T . A b so lu te w h o le sa le o tu s th e c o s t at t h is a d . K I M ­ 
B A L L 'S F in e s t C h u r c h O r g a n , 
!com plete w ith ? ste re o cabinets, j L a rg e se lection of K im b a ll H o m e 
O rga n s, K im b a ll G ra n d s. Studios, 
A rtist C o n s o le s , A r t is t Sp in e ts. 
I O p p ortu nity of y o u r lifetim e. All 
I in stru m e n ts m u st g o ! P ia n o O r ­ g a n D i s c o u n t W a r e h o u s e , F IO 
M o m SI.,B a stro p , Tx. B y appoint m en! o n ly a n ytim e -d a y .e v e n in g , 
Sunday, 1-3JI-J*7t. Le t rin g 2o 
Himes. 
C R IT C H E T T P IA N O CO. 
N o T im e L im it on R e n ta ls 
R e n ta l P u r c h a se P la n 
19o? W W o o d law n 
734-4217 

H a m m o n d S o u n d e r O r g a n . L ik e 
I new. S S M 435-o24o 

L a rg e Sele ction of A ntique 
PLAY ER PIANOS 
E D G A ID A 'S 
A U T O M A T IC M U S IC CO. 
123o4 N .F lo r e s 
733-1544 

O R G A N S a n d P IA N O S R E N T E D option to b uy-no tim e lim it 
Dacbert’s Music Plaza 
14oo N O G A L IT O S 
223-4151 
5235 W A L Z E M R D 
454-4441 

P IA N O - E m e r s o n U p rig h t 53oo 
*22-o427 w k d a y s o ffe r 4p m , a ll d a y w kends. 

Su n n 412 cabinet, like new, 525o. 
341-17** 

T h o m a s O rg a n , C a lifo rn ia n 243, 
Uke new, n m 
4o4 (44* 
W o r t h i e r 
F u n - M a k e r , k e yb o a rd o rgan , 5*oo. 433-o437 
Y a m a h a gu itar, used 2 m os, with coso, >7o. 4*4-573* _______________ 

Y a m a h a Sp inet piano. U se d 2 yrs, m a tc h in g b e n c h , p e rfe c t f in is h m a ke re a so n a b le offer. 733-1344. 

G re e n h o u se , p ortab le, r e a d y to use. T e rm s, tree de. *24-5oo3 
T r o p ic a l P la n t s 
O r c h id s o n d 
B ro m e lia d s fro m C e n tra l A m e r ­ c e . W holesale only. 341-4938 atter 

C la rk F o rk lift , u se d, 4,ooo lbs., 
P n e u m atic tire, new paint, good c o n d itio n , 4 8 " fo rk s, 1 2 o " lift. 
55*oo. 224-8271____________________ 

C la rk 4ooo lb, 12' solid tire forklift 
Recent o v e rh a u l a nd point. 555oo 
924-5541 

ROLLERS 

I each 24‘ o nd 3o* C a se b ackh o e buckets 224-4142 
F o le y a utom a tic so w filler, sa w ond tool grin d e r, stand. Sa w set m anual, I for hond saw, I for c ir­ cular saw. 484-3484 
Fo rklift, C la rk , u se d 
1*67 6 OOO lb., solid ru b b e r tires, new paint, 
13o" lift, L P C , MOOD 224-8271. 

 i I G a lio n P n e u m a t ic , 4 T o n l l 
: W heel with 4 c y lin d e r R e d Se a l 
Engine, good cond. $175o t - fiat wheel T a nd em 4 Ton good cond 
5125o 4*5-*218 , 4*5 32o5 
_________ 
: S h o e E q u ip m e n t . S t it c h e r a n d 
F in ish e r Cdll 223 *o17 

WHEEL LOADER 
| 1*44 C a se W -8-B, P o w e r Shitt, 2 yd j bucket, 4 w heel d rive , 112 hp die­ sel engine, $85oo exc. cond. C an 
I del. 4*5-9218; 495-32o5 

(2) F R A N K S 458 D o u b le D r u m 
W e ll s e r v ic in g u n it s w ith 4 * ' 
15o,ooo lb h y d ra u lic m ast. C o m ­ plete with fools. $72,5oo each; ( l l 
C ard w e ll K2oo double d ru m well se rv ic in g unit with 4 *' 125,ooo lb h y d r a u lic m a s t c o m p le te w ith tools, $47,5oo. C a ll 713 *32-1584; eve n in gs 713-442-7o7o (713) 

92t MOtllKIIY HIIUS 

B r o w ! T c M 7 n * e r r T u 5 b e 7 T T ! T 3 ? llh p , blade, trailer, 42 in. deep, 12 in. wide. $15oo firm . 454-o*87. 
B ulld o ze r H O It, A C , P erfe ct for 
Oil Fie ld W o rk, W inch, H y d r a t e 
Straigh t Blade, N ew P od s, M o to r re c e n tly o v e rh a u le d , v e ry go o d condition. 1-3*3-3137, 
C A S E 1*4 9 58o t r a c t o r -lo a d e r - backhoe, $4,5oo 
C A S E 
1 *7 2 
5 8 o B tractor-load er b ackhoe, $12,5oo 
C A S E 1*75 85o loader, 4-N -l b u c k ­ et, $24,5oo 
C a ll T o m M c C a b e *23-4353, G i ­ r a r d M a c h in e r y A S u p p ly 3428 
Roosevelt, S a n A ntonio r r S f c A S V TO P L a C e a — 
E X P R E S S N E W S 
W A N T A D 22$ 1444 

E M End Loader 
A llis C h a lm e rs, H D 4 G w ith R ip ­ per. 
E xce lle n t 
Condition 
512-438 74oo________________________ 

JOHN DEERE 4o1A 
1*72 42 hp D ie se l In d u stria l T r a c ­ to r 3 pt h o o k u p w ith f r o n t e n d loader and box sc ra p p e r with rip ­ p e r. A ls o h a s O s tia a p p r o v e d canopy $425o, can del. 4*5-9218, 
495-32o5, 

932 AUCTION SALE 

A D A M S 4 A D A M S 
P ro fe ssio n a l A u ctio n Se rvice 
A p p ra is a ls a n d L iq u id atio n s 
512-855-42o4 
T x G S 77 oo42 oo43 

L o g Sp litte r, g a so lin e p o w e re d 
Se M -T ra ilering E xce ll, cond $5oo 
4*9-3241.att 4pm 
'73 M a s se y F e rg u so n M o de l 25oo diesel forklift w ith 21 Vt ft. m ost. 
E x c e lle n t con d itio n . C a ll D e n til 
T a ylo r 713-429-oo2o 
R A D I A L A R M D R I L L , u se d , 
SU SQ C oll 1-374-5127, C ry sta l City. 
R a n c h e rs - sm a ll b ru sh d o te r in good condition • need to sell. C all 
Bill R e ed collect at 512-385-8*1o 

IT S E A S Y T O P L A C E A 
E X P R E S S N E W S 
SA/ AIM T A n O') C l AAA 

" K E Y TO G R E A T E R S A L E S 
G ro v e r H o w ell Co, A u ctio n e e rs 
H ouston, T x. 
TXGC-77-o154 
S A. Office: 11o31 W ye D riv e 
Allen H ow ell (512) 454-113o 

939 PBUITBY «A8BITS-8EfS 

C H I C K E N A P O U L T R Y S W A P 
M E E T O P E N A G A IN . L a y i n g 
H e n s $1.5o eg 424-2174____________ 

5o 
C o lo n e s of 
B e e s $6o u p 
P A R R S A P I A R Y 433-o58o 

S an A n to n io E X P R E S S -N E W S ^ S a tu rd a y M a y 1 4 1 9 77 
Page 
I I F 

936 DOSS CATS BIROS PETS 

A K C Shelties T ri Fe m a le s, S u p e r 
Tem pe ram e nt, health g u a ra n te e d 
658 5544 

936 DOGS CATS BIROS PETS 

F R E E P u p p ie s (sm a lt b re e d ) 4 w eeks old C oll 342 4433 
F re e P up p ies, haft B o rd e r Collie, 
824 1744 
F u ll B lo od e d G e r m a n S h e p h e rd 
P u p s , without p a p e rs $4o or roo sonable otter. I * *6 351$ 
G re a t D a n e P u p p ie s $125 
641 223o 

The Shih Tzu, one of the gift dogs customarily presented by 
D ali Lamas of Tibet to Chinese Emperors, dates back to the 
Manchu Dynasty and is probably one of the breeds known as lion Dog. England and Europe became interested in this breed around 193o, and subsequently it became popular in the Unit­ ed States in the T 95o's. 

A K C Sh e tla n d S h e e p d o g s ( M in 
C ollies) shots, w o rm e d 673-7776. 
A K C Stiver Butt F e m a le C o c k e r 
Sp an iel P u p p y $125 484 5687 

A K C ST B e rn a rd at Stud 
34*-*$>*. anytim e 
A K C T iny T o y Y o r k ie s t-848-4871 j 

A K C toy Poodles, white a d o ra b le 
6 w k s Old, $45 673 o347_____________ 
A K C Tri-Cotor B a sse t M ale. I yr old 333 1*64________________________ 

A K C 
W e ,m a n n e r s 'C h a m p i o n I 
M r t a s g " w 
484.4743___________I I T a m 
X not COH " W e do have 
A K C and Fie ld R e g. Se tte rs with 

Iii 

G R E A T D A N E S 
C h a m p io n sire d I 755 46*6 __ 
H a r le q u in D a n e a n d G e r m a n 
Shep herd M ix e d P u p p ie s, fe m ales 
$25 4*4 2151 ________________ _ _ _ _ 
It you a re lo o k in g tor a (C h e a p ) 
It or Find It In 

 i n j e 
E 
X 
P 
R 
E 
^ 
N 
™ 

TO PUCE YOUR AO CAU Ms. MOORE 225-1666 

L arge , sm a ll h eld C o tu rn ix Q uail 
F re sh Q uail e ggs. 655-1914 

P L A Y A L IT T L E 

With A W ant Ad. 

If s smart, profitable and so easy. Call now for an Ad Visor. 
Call 
225-1666 

A A A K C S H IH T Z U P U P S 
M a ie i-F e m ., Shots. 342 7o3o 
A A K C W I R E H A I R E D T e r r ie r 
P u p s E xce llen t pets. 694-2237 
A D O R A B L E A K C Y o r k ie P u p s. shots, w o rm free. 824-4411.________ 
A d ora ble A K C C o c k e r Sp a n ie ls 9 w eeks $85 433-4293 

A d o r a b le M in . S c h n a u t e r P u p ­ pies, A K C . fixe. Bloodline, sh o ts 9 wks. 484-753*. 
A K C A fg h a n P up p ie s, 575-up 
657 3327 Otter 6p. rn. 

A K C A fgh a n s, 7 w k s $125. P igta il m onkey. 
734-o351. 
IS H 
W. 
M a rip o sa . 

IT S E A S Y T O P L A C E A 
E X P R E S S N E W S 
W A N T A D 225 1446 

Staffordshire Terrier 

Bull Pups 

Champion 
Bloodlines. 
Sire and Dan by Ch. Ruf­ fians Harper. 

Call 
R obert Sm ith 
732-8688 

Alaskan Malamute 
Shots, w o rm ed , g u a ra n te e d C h 
Bloodlines. 694 7o59________________ 

A L A S K A N M a la m u t e p u p p ie s. 
A K C r e g is te r e d , c h a m p io n s h ip bloodline Coll att 5 3o 433 3471 
A m e ric a n E s k im o P u p p ie s, 6 w k s old SSO 674 1718___________________ 
A M S E L L I N G O U T 
B IR O S A N D A V I A R Y 
6' wide, 16' long, 8’ h igh , a lu m in ­ u m fram e , c a n be c o n v e rt e d to g r e e n h o u s e . $12oo 
P r . G o ft ln 
C o c ka to o s, m ated, $12oo P r. A l­ b in o C o c k a t ie l* . 3oo 
P r . E u ro p e a n G o ld fin ch e s, $1oo P r of 
P a r r o t Fin ch es, $1oo. P r, ot c r im ­ so n P le a te d $75. 7 S t r a w b e r r y fin che s, $2o ea 
I G old B re a ste d hen, $25 P ric e s firm . S e rio u s in­ q u irie s o nly 824 4643. 

 sh o w q u a , , t V a n d s t r o n g H e id 948 - LIVESTOCK FEED SEEDS b a c k g ro u n d at a 
( F a ir ) 
P ric e 
635 8765 
Iris h Setter P u p p p ie s A K C R e g 
; Ch. Bloodlines. Sh o w q u a lity $1oo 
I to $15o 623 4423 
L A B R A D O R S 
I - 2 yr yellow m ale, tra in e d $5oo I 
6 m o Blk m a le $2oo 2 
5 w k Blk p up s $1oo eg. 824-3728 ofter 6 

L o r o e R e d D o b e r m a n P in c h e r. 
A t ta c k t r a in e d 
P a p e r s . $25o 
224 1831, 225-6144 

L e s s e r S u lp h u r - c re s t e d C o c k a too, $175o 6*o 8536 

B a s ic O b e d ie n c e C la ss, sfa rtm a 
M a y 23, 7 p m 
All B re e d s 
$25. 
655 *444 

B eautifu l G e rm a n Shepherd, good w a tc h dog. b ut a ls o lo v e s c h il­ dren. 681-13o1 
B e a u t if u l L h a s a A p s o , R e g . 
Silv e r-G ra y , a f Stud 732 75)4 att 4 a n d w eekends. 

928-MEROIAWIST MART 

7 T u s e 7 T b r ! 7 p Ib T T 'f u r r r T T k "5 2 7 
C yp re ss. 732-2437 

A gre at b u y ! H e a v y -D u ty clothes d rye r. M o v in g -c a n 't use. H a rv e st gold. C all 4*4-4488 aft 3 P M . 

A ir con d itio n er SUO. Stere o with tap e r e c o rd e r , $1oo. L o v e se o t , 
$4o.124-o512. 

A i r C o n d it i o n e r ! F r i g i d a i r e , 
12,ooo B T U , 115V, $165. *27-5827 
A ir conditioner, 18,5oo Se ars. C o ­ b ra 4o c h a n n e l C B 44! 2584 
A i r c o n d it io n e r s , 
2 
S e a r s 
4 o o o B T U , $14o, 5 o o o B T U , $13o. 
T ra ile r w a lk e r, $25. D ish w a sh e r, 
$5o. 225-173* afte r sa m 

A IR C O N D I T I O N E R ! F e d d e r s , 
8ooo B T U , 115V, $125. *27-5827 

A IR C O N D IT IO N E R S ! W hirlpool, 
1o,ooo B T U , H O V , $1oo. C a rrie r, 
4oooBTU , $4o. 4*2-24)4____________ 

A ir C onditioner, 18,ooo B T U , like new, $175 c ash . 674-8956. 

PUBLIC SALE! 
Manufacturer to You 
Still in Crates 
Fully Assembled 

$ 2 6 9 .9 5 full Price Delivered 
~^<Y 

Over 2,ooo brand new 1*77 model big powerful 7 H P. Briggs & Stratton 
Mustang Riding Lawn Moweis. With full factory warranty Must be sold immediately Not for S469.95, only $269.95. Full price Delivered. Doter blade and grass catcher available. Place your order now or write for free picture brochure 
Call Anytim e: 7 1 3 -9 3 2 -o 2 2 1 
M & M MFG. SALES OF TEXAS 
8336 Long Point Road 
Houston, Texas 77o8o 

A ir C onditioner, like new. O ld Iron 
Double Bed, Stove $3o. 534-785* 

A ir C o n d itio n e r, go o d condition, 
6ooo B T U . $75. 654-6615. 
A m e r ic a n A i r L in e t r a v e l c e r ­ tificate w o rth $4oo, a sk in g $35o. 
661-4845. 

A ntique d re sse r, $1oo. Dinette, 3 choirs, $35. M O R E ! 732 723o 

Antiques, O rie n ta l ru g s, cut glass, oliver, c h in a , c ry sta l, p a in tin g s 
732-4435 I Porn 4pm_____________ 

A p p le b y T e n t - f ra ile r. S le e p s 6. 
Inc), b ed s, s p a r e tire s, a n d lu g ­ ga ge rack. 661-56*4 

A pt site sto v e a n d re frig e ra to r, a lso g la s s d in in g r o o m set for sale. 333-8178. 
A q u a riu m , IO g a l com plete, $35. 
923-o*7o ofter Sam . 
Army Rifle Racks and Milk Cans 
$14.*5 ea. F ir s t com e, first se rved . 
5o35 Roosevelt, *24-8771. 
A u to m a t ic W a s h e r a n d D r y e r . 
545. each. C a ll 224-5o75. 
B a b y C o r S e a t; B o o st e r C h a ir, 
R e c lin e r ; T o y R id in g T r a c t o r ; 
L aw n M o w e r; Suit C a s e s ; Sw in g se t; R e f r ig e r a t o r a n d a s s o r t e d flow er v a se s. 344-2576. 
B ab y stro lle r fo r sale 
226-2543 
B a r r e l r o lle r , b e ll m a s s a g e r , hide-o-bed, G E built-in oven. A ll in good condition. 342-2172 

12o B A S S H O H N E R P IA N O A C - 
C O R D IA N . R e a so n a b le . 656-8o16. 
B a th P o lle n u x w a te r m e ss a g e , attachm ents, 
W h irlpool, new. 
826-7314. 

B a t h r o o m c a b in e t , w ith w h ite s in k , 31 x2o , a n d s in k m ir r o r , 
42x32. *5o. B e v e le d m irro r, 26x38 chipped c o rn e r, $5. D o o r m irro r, 
45x11, 52. 4 W a ll p la q u e s, 1ox17, 
51o. Sw in g door, 32x79, *1o. D in in g ceiling light, SIO. 824-4575. 

C u t g la ss, c a r n iv a l, d e p re ssio n , b r a s s lam p, old furniture, p ictu re fram e s, too n u m e ro u s to m ention. 
218 Te rre ll A ve . (H a rla n d o le ) 
D e sk a nd c h a ir *25. Stro lle r $8. 
Sin k $8. 684-291* 
Desks! Desks! Desks! 
O a k , W a ln u t, M e ta l. E x e c u tiv e , 
Se cre ta ry, Stud e nt - la rg e se le c­ tion. $79.5o a n d up. A ls o G o o d s e le c t io n o f F I L E C A B I N E T S f r o m $6 9.5o . 1131 B a s s e R d ., 
733-7347, 734-3o81 

D in in g ro om table with 5 cha irs. 
P in g-p o n g table. S u p e r P o n g for 
T V 732-8868, Io-Spm . 
D in in g se t, c h in o c a b in e t , r e ­ frigerator, stove, couch-love seat, se cre tary, b e d ro o m suite ( I k in g ­ s iz e ) , h id e - o - b e d , b u n k b e d s , chest, m a p le dinette, hutch, 
648-19*4. 

D in in g table, u niq ue ro ck m aple, 6 c h a irs, hutch, $5oo. 736-5724 

D ish w a sh e r, G E , top loader, p o r­ table, e xce llen t condition. 
828-7377. 
D is h w a s h e r , K e n m o r e , S e a r s best. L ik e new. $225. 923-1)15 
D ish w a sh e r, W a r d s convertible, 4 le v e l w a s h , e x c e lle n t c o n d ., 
H a rv e st G old. SISO o r best offer. 
828 7236 736-8323 
D ish w a sh e r, K e n m o re , e xcellent conditon, $1oo. 656-8413 

M a t t re s s a n d b o x sp rin g , n e w in w r a p p e r , o n ly $69.5o p e r se t. 
Q u e e n $ 1 3 4 .5 o p e r se t, K i n g 
$149.5o per set 924-7817,______ 
M e d ite rra n e a n o cta g o n a l coffee ta b le a n d 2 e n d t a b le s , $2oo. 
L a z y -B o v recliner, $15o. 4*4-5655. 
I M e d it t e r a n e a n , d o u b le b e d , h ea db o ard and d re sse r, m a ttre ss a nd fram e included, n ight stand optional, S 195. Like N e w 1 49*.4146 

M o d e r n D iv a n , $75, 2 c h a ir s , 
$25ea. E a r ly A m . D iv a n $75. 2 c h a irs $25 ea. 344-3744 att Sam 
7mos. Old B entw ood R o ck e r, E x ­ cel!. Cond., C all 661-3o14. 
M o v in g , M u s t Sell - 4 p in k satin b a c k e d c u sto m m a d e d r a p e r ie s o n d o t h e r s . 8 r a s s f ir e p la c e s c r e e n , a n d ir o n s . F r i g i d a i r e electric range. H a rv e st G old 19.5 
CU.ft. sid e -b v -s id e f r o s t le s s G E r e f r ig e r a t o r . M a h o g a n y H i- F i reco rd player. W ood d rop le a f ta­ ble. F o ld in g table. Cot. A ll in e x­ cellent condition. 733-9432. 

HUGE RUMMAGE 
SALE 
ANTIQUES 
KENDALL COUNTY 
FAIR GROUNDS 
BOERNE, TEXAS 
May 14-15, 
1oam-6pm 
Auction 4pm-6pm 
German Sausage 
Dinner 
Pies, Cakes, 
Streude! for inf or mali on ceil 
Bill Chamberlin 696-2522 

S w im m in g pool, a b o v e g r o u n d , 
18’c ir b y 4' tit., 3 y rs. old. S e a r s best. 52oo. 6*5-88o1 
T e a k A-2o ste re o c a sse tte d eck. 
K en w o od se w in g m ach in e. 
732-746*. 
T O R O r id in g la w n m o w e r , lik e new, $295. 4*4-3133 after 5 w eek- doys, oil d ay Sat Sun. 
T r a ile r , 2 -w h e e l e n c lo s e d b o x . 
4 'x 8 'x 4 \ New. 
$2oo. 497-3667 
G oo d tires. Sp are . 

T u rq u o ise Jew elry. Set $215. A tter 
6, 824-58o8 
TV , p ortab le b la c k white, 19 ", h ove 2, $35 a nd $45. 433-o63o 
T V R c a C onsole: S isa l R u g : Out- side ond sw in g in g d oors. 822-7675. 

N e v e r u se d couch, loveseat, sofa c h a ir a n d o tto m an , r u s t b ro w n and b la ck plaid tweed, b y A ye rs, 
$12oo retail, w ill sa c rific e for $495. 
A ntique oak chair, red velvet with carv e d fig u re h e ad s, $95. 341-7458. 

I tw in m a t t r e s s $18 ea, 2 tw in b o x sp rin g s $18 ea, c h a ir $65, C a sh 
Call 434-6673. 
___________________ 
Typ e w rite r, S m ith C o ro n a p orta ­ ble electric, P ica, with case, like new. $125. 661-6189 after 4 pm. 

U S E D F U R N I T U R E F O R S A L E 
732-7291 

N e w and u sed telephone a n s w e r­ in g equipm ent R ich a rd , 736-2o12. 

D iv a n a nd m a tc h in g chair, e xce l­ le n t c o n d . N e w ly u p h o ls t e r e d 
$3oo. 822-7o1o 

N ew oak flo o rin g , still b und led, 
$75. B a r g a i n ! L a r g e F r e n c h d o o rs lots of g la s s $25. G a so lin e 
L aw n m o w e r $1o. 228-9884. 

D iv o rc e Sa le ! S e a r s K e n m o re top ot the lin e w a s h e r a n d d r y e r , 
349-8*75 after 5pm 
D r y e r , e le ctric , $125. C o o k top, 
$15. Firep lace, $1oo. 226-8482. 
D ry e r, g a s h e a v y-d u ty, w rin k le - gu ord . L ik e new. $125. 923-1115 
D r y e r , W e s t in g h o u s e e le c t r ic , w o rk s well, $35. 648-1721 

B e a u tifu l F o r m ic a C o v e r e d b a r with shelf 18ft lo n g b v 35” wide. 
A ls o t 18ft. c o u n t e r f o r m ic a 
(.overed. 534-3831 or 532-2683. 

B e d Q u e e n siz e a n d h id e -c -b e d , excellent condition. A tte r 5 M o n- 
Sat, all d a y Sun. 734-5828. 
B e d roo m set, fullsize bed. L iv in g ro om fu rn itu re , b oo kc a se , w ood scree n , a c c e n t table, m a p le d in ­ ing set, c h in a cabinet, re trig e ro tor, Q u e e n A n n b u ffe t, 4 o a k c h o ir s , w a r d r o b e , t w in b e d , le m p s, p ic t u r e s , c lo th e s , tap e reco rd e r a nd d in in g table with 6 chairs. 824-42o2. 
B e d r o o m se t, S - p ie c e , S IS O . 
M a tc h in g sofa a n d c h a ir, SISO. A ll in good condition. 532-6947 

B e d roo m set, com plete, $189. N ice twin beds, $135. W hite P ro v in c ia l d re sse r, c he st, $7* each. R o u n d d inette set, *65. S p a n is h coffe e table, $3*. E n d t a b le , $29. Sofa, 
$49. W a rd ro b e , $79. G la s s m aple b o o k c a s e , $ 4 *. D is h e s , lin e n s, m u ch m ore. 17o5 W est A ve., I to 7 pm . 732-6595. 
B ic y c le s, 2 o ", 24” a n d 26 sta n ­ d ard type ond IO speeds. Cheap. 
224-8565. 
Bicycle, 4 sp e ed F re e Spirit, $2o. 
Call 6*o-oo84 

B ig B r a s s k in g s iz e h e a d b o a rd , 
S&5. 3 piece k in g siz e m a ttre ss set, e xtra firm , n e v e r used, with wide roller steel fra m e $148. G e n e ra lly hom e 684-8234. 

E le c . ra n ge , se lf c le a n in g oven, 
SISO. D ish w a sh e r, portable W h irl­ pool, $125. 732-723o 

E le ctric P ia n o for sale. A fter 6, 
824-58o8 

E n c y c lo p e d ia , com plete set 19o4 new stand ard . 732-723o 
F O O S B A L L T a b le for sale, $2oo, good condition. 732-7941. 

O d d s-e n d s t r u c k too ls a n d m a n ­ uals, m isc item s. 
C all att 
6, 
333-182o. 

U S E D R E F R I G E R A T O R S 
C E N T R A L S E R V I C E CO. 
7o7 W E S T A V E . , 734-4237 
U tility trailer, 2pc sectional couch a n d c h a ir $75. A n t iq u e lo u n g e chair. 732-4874 att 4 

G a r a g e S a le : C h u r c h Y o u t h 
G roup, Sat, M a y 14, * a m on 333 
Love ro. 
__________________ 

G A R A G E 
S A L E : 
S a t - S u n , 
14th-15th, F r o m * a m , a u t o a ir conditioner, w igs, d ishes, clothes, toys, b ikes, w e ig h t b en ch , b ed s, c h ild r e n 's , M is c , f u rn itu r e ! 231 
Rollins. C om e one C om e All! 
G a r a g e 
S a le : 
T h u r s S a t , 
S 
C a s a 
V erd e. 

G a r a g e Sa le : F o r e s t G le n , 7714 
P i p e r s V ie w , M a y 13-15. tu rn ., b a b y things, m isc. 
G a ra g e Sale: 1o-5 at 1o23 W. R u s- sell. F rid o y until T u esda y.________ 

G a r a g e Sa le : b a b y ite m s, toy s, g a m e s , f u r n i t u r e , c lo t h e s , jew elry. Sat. a n d Sun. *31 Sa n to 
M onica. 
G a ra g e Sale, 6o15 P a tric k H e n ry , turn, old a n d new. 3 to 8p m Sa- turdoy, M a y 14, only. 

G a r a g e S a le : M a y 14-15. G la s s ­ w are, turn, junk. 342 E. H u lsa ch e . 
G a r a g e Sale, S a tu rd a y - S u n d a y , 
9-5, clothing, fu rn itu re, toys, etc. 
2111 D a rw in , 435-9248 

G ia n t G a r a g e S a le : k it c h e n c a b in e ts. R e c o r d s . S e w in g m a ­ c h in e , f u r n it u r e , t o y s , lo t s of c lo th in g. S a t-Su n . 7 a m til D a r k . 
14o7 W. T ra v is, 227-1736. 

G ig a n t i c G a r a g e S a le : 
M a y 
12-13th, * to 6, M a y 14th » to 12. St. 
F r a n c is E p isc o p a l C h u rc h , 4242 
B lu e m e l R d . L o c a t e d oft In t e r ­ state IO a n d W u rzb ach . 
G IG A N T IC S A L E ! F u rn itu re , a p ­ p lia n c e s, c lo th in g , e v e r y t h in g . 
O xfo rd U nited M e th od ist C h u rch , 
H u e b n e r-So u th w e ll R o a d s. 1 o A M till d ark. M a y 14th. P ric e d to sell in O N E D A Y ! 

B a s s e t P u p s , 8 w k s, 2n d shots $8o. 824-5o16_________________ 
A K C b la ck G re a t D a n e P u p s 
______________ 4*4-2151 
A K C B o s to n T e r r ie r , fem 
B lk - white, brin dle $125. I 336 232* 
A K C B o x e r puppies, $1oo ea 
L a k e M cQ u e e n e y 557-5o74 

A K C B o x e r P up p ie s, Sh ow Q uali- ty. 6*6-o223 atter 6 p.m.____________ 
A K C B ritta n y P up s, re a d y for tall training 653-7734 

B e a u tifu l M a le E s k im o Sp itz IO m o s , shots, *75 655 2598 
B e a u tifu l 6 M o A K C B u ff W h ite 
C o c k e r . S h o t s , w o r m e d 
SSO. 
734 876o. 494 36o8 

Beautifu l u n u su a l H im a la y a n Kit ten 494 6165 
B I R D 
D O G S , 
A K C 
G e r m a n 
S h o rth a ire d P o in te rs 7 w ks. Just 
R ig h t tor Fa ll T ra in in g a nd H u n t m g 
W o r m e d , S h o t s S t o r ie d . 
674-31o7 aft $ a nd w e eken d s 

A K C C O C K E R P U P 
Ch Sired, Butt, 658-45o4 
A K C C o c k e r S p a n ie l P u p p ie s , 
Golden. 633-272* 
A K C C o llie P u p , S a b le W hite, 7 w ks, shots, w orm ed . I m ole. $7o. 
1-538-258o. 

A K C C O L L I E S 
• 
623 4511 
A K C D a lm a tia n s, 6 w k s 
1-8*6-2521 atter 5 p m 
A K C D o b e r m a n p u p s, w o rm e d , weaned. M a le s, $9o. Fe m a le s, $8o 
6 w ks. old 433-45o4 

B lo n d C o c ke r Poo puppy, m ale 3 m o s $6o W hite Toy P o o d le m ix, m ate $4o 623 5144 

B L U E G R E A T D A N E P U P P Y , 
A K C . I 438 24*2 

B O R D E R C O L L I E P U P S A R F 
R E G . 64* 1224. 
B o r d e r C o n t e s , F r e e to G o o d 
Hom e, I yrs, m ole, fem sp a y e d 
Sh ots 674-6349 

6 lo v e a b le p u p p ie s , n e e d g o o d h o m e s. 4 m a le s, 2 fe m a le s 
A ll a dorab le *5 co. 494 2896 

L O V E IS A M A L T E S E P U P P Y 2 
A K C M a le s, 7 w k s, p u p p y shots. 
$2oo. ga. 4*2-2715 

$ 9 2 7 . 
HARRIS WESTERN*aNTLR 
I -7 7 2 -3 6 3 4 6 2 2 -9 3 o o 
L y t l e 

M a le S a m o y e d I y r, h a s sh o ts 
$1oo. 828-5*o4, 822-7351 

South Texas Trailer Salts 
G ra n d O p e n in g 

S to c k T r o ll* r v G o o ia n e c k t a nd H o rs* Trailers. 
$ t l * S .................... 
! 4 « S 
C o v e r e d w ith b ra k e s 
S I 3 6 5 ........................... 
I B e * 
C overed with brekes 
HORSE TRAILER SPECIAL 
$ 9 9 5 
S.A. A SI oo6o 
379-1o8/ 
Sequin 

M in D a c h sh u n d P u p p ie s, 6 w ks, b lack and brow n. 342-2613. 
4 ' i m o s red D o b e rm a n , sh o ts and w orm ed, $12$. 653 2 1 $4 
M o th e r C at a n d 2 kitte ns, n ee d s good hom e F re e 822 *477. 

N e w f o u n d la n d 
P u p p y 
A K C , fem ale $15o I 8*6 3548 
Old E n g lis h Sh e e p D o g p up p ie s, 
A K C , 7 w k s I 385 8832 

A H A L E T R A I L E R S 
H o rse Stock a n d G oo se n eck 
N ew ond U se d ; fo r Sa l# or Rent 
A lso feed B a r r e ls with L id s 
S L I M P O IL C O O M IM 37 
533-5151 
6o4 
C a ro lin a nites 
344 7215 
A n g u s 
B u l l 
M ix e d p a i r s . 
S p rin g e rs Q ua lity y o u n g country cattle G ood sa d d le 62! 2)25 

A Q H A R E G . M a re , 7 y r s old 2 yr old B a y M a r e 679 7335 
P a ra k e e ts 
*23-1629 A fter 4 P M 
P A R T D a c h sh u n d P u p p ie s *1o 
494 7866 
P a rt G e rm a n S h e p h e rd L a b pup pies, 5w ks F R E E ! 6537153 atter 
6pm. 
______ 
P E A C O C K S F o r Sa le 
684 497? 

P e k in g e se , d u e m id M a y , A K C white p a re n ts 
S!oo, 
433-2264 re se rv a tio n s 
P e k in g e se M a lte se , m o le , n ee ds loving home, fenced ya rd . $4o 4 
Y r s old 658 1o64 

A Q H A IO y r old W e stern P le a su re 
M are . Sound. G entle A lso N ew 2 h orse H ale T ra ile r *9oo 
F irm . 
I 549 4422 
A R A R E O P P O R T U N IT Y lo o w n o r le a se re g p a i l b re d 
A ra b ia n c h a m p io n h a lte rin g per to rm o n c e g e ld in g . 2 le v e l d r e s ­ sa g e , $18oo 
A ls o o u t s t a n d in g 
E n g lish sh o w m are. 698 1294 

F E L P S N O R S E . ST O C K 
A N O G O O S E N E C K T R A I L E R S 
S a le s . S e r v i c e , R e p a i r s , a n d 
T ra ile r R e nta ls. 443o H w y 98 E o s t 
I w W W h ile R d .) 333 1611 
F e lp s 14' O P E N Stock $927 
H A R R I S W E S T E R N C E N T E R 
422 93oo 
L ytle 
1 772 3434 

F la s h y P le a s u r e G ated Sorrel, 4 w h ite s o c k s a n d blaze. M a t u r e rid e r $35o. 457 o34* 

B a b y Calves $ 3 o-$SO . Grass 
C a lv e s $4o SU O *22 8449 
B A B Y P IG S F O R S A L E 
684 2491 a m , I 336 2561 aft 6 

C ats, kittens, a nd fam ilies, 6 a nd 7 to e d b lo o d lin e , $5o a n d fre e . 
654 o998 o nvfim e 
C a tte ry R e d u ction Sale. P e r s ia n kitte ns and a d u lts 474-5o87 

AKO Eng. Springer Pups 
Ch Bt stu d 4*4-38*2 
A K C G e rm a n S h e p h e rd P u p p ie s 
Q uality, T e m p e ra m e n t C h B lood lines 654-6687. 

A K C G e r m a n S h e p a r d P u p s , c h a m p bloodline, all shots. H ealth certificates. H a v e all parents, *35 up. 1-663-274) 

A K C G e rm a n Sh e p h e rd P up p ie s, 
8 w k s, sh o ts, w o rm e d . C a n se e both p are nts $75 695 9259 

A K C G e rm a n Sh e p h e rd p up p ie s, 
C h a m p io n Bloodline. 1-772-39*8 
A K C G O L D E N R E T R I E V E R S 

B eautiful puppies. E xce lle n t field, o b e d ie n c e , c o n f ir m a t io n b a c k ­ gro u n d s. 1-392-5292 o r 1-392 4664, 
Sa n M a rc o s. 
A K C G o ld e n R e tr ie v e r p u p p ie s. 
Sh ow b a c k g ro u n d . 828-3855. 
A K C Iris h Setter P u p s 
R e a so n a b le 
• 
655-9192 

AKO LABRADORS 
Y e llo w s-B lk s-C h o c 's. 826-33*3 
A K C L a b ra d o r P up s, yellow B lk s 
Re d u ce d p rices. 492 *3*4 

L iv in g ro o m fu rn itu re . 22* Wet le sle y B lv d ( T e r r e ll H t s ) M a y 
13-15, lpm -6pm 

L o v e seat, port-o-potty, p o rtab le typ ew riter, clothes, b a b y ite m s, 
R a g g e d y A n n a n d A n d y c rib a nd c h e st, in c lu d in g m a n y e x t r a s ! 
T h urs-Sb n . 
443* 
S u n 
G ote. 
655-67*9 

W A N T E D : C o lo r T V. n e e d in g repair. M u st be cheap. 924-2846. 

W A N T E D : G a r a g e ty p e f lo o r ja c k , a ls o , s m a ll p o r t a b le a ir c om p resso r. M u s t be reasonab le. 
532-1332 

M O V IN G S A L E ! B e a u tifu l, like new, F re n c h P r o v in c ia l so fa *6o w ith m a t c h in g lo v e se a t, $4 5. 
M a tc h in g coffee a n d end tables, 
$1o ea. 21” B W T V , 45. B eautiful 
L a n e c e d ar chest, $5o. T o ys, H H item s, M IS C . 43o2 M a rk h a m . 
M o v in g . 
U s e d f u r n i t u r e , m a cra m e , n ic k -n o c k *. 141* C o r i­ ta, 828-o2o3. 
^ 
_____________ 
M U L T I P L E F A M I L Y G A R A G E 
W a n t e d : J im B e a m a n d W ild I 
**5 *' 
L n! ? w # ri 
T u r k e y li q u o r b o t t le s . 
B v I 
M isc . h o u se h o ld ite m s 

A K C L h a s a A p s o P u p p y , a ls o m ate Toy A p ric o t Poodle. 5 lbs. 
454-7o47 

A K C P e k in g e s e p u p s 7 w k t , I white fem ale I d a rk m ale 344-8148 

A K C P O O D L E P U P S 
674-122o 
A K C red D o b e r m a n , C h a m p io n lines at stud. A n ytim e . 492-2oo4 
A K C R e d D o b e rm a n at Stud 
349-9589. a n ytim e 
A K C re g iste re d D o b e rm a n pups. 
W orm ed, shots. B la c k a nd rust. 5 w ks. old. 
6 tertials. 
SH O ea. 
656-3277 

A K C S A M O Y E D P U P S 
Shots, w o rm ed . 1-358-88o8 
A K C Sc h n a u z e r p uppies, C ho m p , bloodline. C all 449-774o 

C F A R e g 
S e a lp o in t S i a m e s e 
K itte n s 658 28o3 
C o llie P u p p ie s, fu llb lo o d e d , no p a p e r s 
S a b le W h ite , w o r m e d 
F e m $4o. m ale $45. 1-379-1849 

COLLIE PUPS p urebred , 656 2251, 822 76o3 

P ointer A K C . Sh o rt h air, !6m os., trained on q u a il d ove s. B e a u tifu l gundog. $2oo 695-328o 
P O O D L E S , 
5 w k s , fem ales $4o. 92? 55*6 
Puppies, 1 .(D oberm an, ' iG e rm a n 
Shep herd 9 w ks, 922 17oo__________ 
P u r e b r e d G e r m a n S h e p h e r d 
P u p s , M o t h e r a n d F a t h e r fo r v ie w in g I m o o ld . 2 2 6-57 65 o r 
333 4136 after 6 p.rn 

2ooo 
B A L E S 
622 3524 
O F 
C A N E 
H A Y 

B a rg a in 3 new sa d d le s a nd tack, sell I or all 734 532o 
B e a u fitu l A lb in o Sta llio n , I y rs. 
R e a d y for T ra in in g $3oo 227 1568 
B la ck A n g u s bull, a p p J yrs. old 
$275 453 679o 

BLANKENSHIP RANCH 
R e giste re d B ra h m a n H e ife rs a nd 
Bulls. $12 824 9773 
______ 
P u r e b r e d G e r m a n S h e p h e r d 
Puppies, $35-14o. 742 378o Poteet 
P u r e b re d m in ia t u r e p o o d le s. 2 chocolate, t silv e r 6 w k s 654-6871 

C ollie pup 6w ks, sab le white, tem 
Little L a ssie $5o I 42o 28o8 

Red C how C ho w P u p p ie s 
333 5669 

C ute Fluffy K itte n s $3, 335 A r m y no. I, 222 )575 otter 3pm 

R e g is t e r e d A m E s k i m o S p it z puppies *75 ea. 494 6469 

D a lm a t ia n s , P u re b re d , 6 w e e k s old. 653-3o52. 
D O B E R M A N P I N C H E R C L U B 
O F S A N A N T O N IO IN C . S A N C ­ 
T I O N E D B O B M A T C H . S u n d a y 
M a y 1 599* L a d y B ir d J o h n s o n 
P a rk . 1o7oo N a c o gd o c h e s. E n t rie s 
8:3oam -1:3op m . O b e d ie n c e J u d g ­ in g IO am , C on fo rm atio n J u d g in g 
2 pm , 497-3519. 656-3437, 453-2373. 

Re gistere d Silv e r C h in c h illa P e r sion 
Kittens. 
R e d u c e d price! 
I 569 88o6 

S E A L P O I N T 
F E M A L E , 
M O N T H S O L D . $4o 626 232o 

19 B R A N G U S T Y P E H E I F E R S 
I 742 319o 
C h a ro la is B u ll $4oo. B ra fo rd C ow s w ith C h a r o la is C a lv e s $27$ $35o 
Pr. I 94? 3349 

C h a r o l a i s B u l l s • 'n a n d *4 
C om m e rcial, non better 658 oo97 
C hestnut so rre l m are , 7 yrs, B a y 
G eldin g 9 y r s 674 5431 att 6 
•C oastal S p r ig s .7o b u * 
S u th e rla n d S p rin g s 
I 947 337o I 947 3379 

S I A M E S E C A T S 
342 o3o6 
Siam e se Kittens, 7 w ks $15 
435 8557 

D o b e rm a n P in sc h e r p u p s 
A fter 3 3opm 43$ 72o8 
E n g lis h setter, reg fem ale, 5 mo. 
C .un tin g sto ck ) 494-6)44 exceptionally beautiful O ld E n g ­ lish Sh ee p do g P u p s A K C R e g A ll 
Shots, w o rm e d 453-211$ 

S I B E R I A N H U S K I E S 
I 995 2543 
S p itz p u p p ie s , 8 w k s. o ld , p u r ­ ebred. 826 7596 

S T A F F O R D S H IR E T E R R I E R S 
822 7466 
824 8324 
ST 
B E R N A R D , 
648 3744 
A K C puppies. 

F E M A L E B O B C A T , declaw eri 
$1oo 
497 3622 
!S tu d S e r v ic e . A K C D a lm a t ia n 

I (D u k e ) pick of litter o r 
*25, 
F lu ffy W hite G e rm a n Sh e p h e rd s, fem ales, $5o. 734 764o. Til 3. 
W A N T A N A K C D O G ? 
F o r Sa le : H a lf P it B u ll T e rrie r, I S A D o g B re e d e r s R e fe r r a l Se r h alf G e rm a n Sh e p h e rd P up p ie s. 
633 2479 
F o r Sa le U K C 
B la c k a n d T a n 
C o o n h o u n d P u p s , w ith p a p e rs , s h o ts a n d w o rm e d . S ir e G r a n d 
C ha m p io n . 
D o m e 
C h a m p io n 
I 833 499o 

 vice will put you in touch with a 
( n e a r b y r e p u t a b le b r e e d e r . 

I 494 7787, 473 46o3 

F R E E : I a do rab le little kitten, 8 w e e k s old. 826-6827 

F r e e b e a u t if u l p u p p ie s , q o o d b re e d , m ix e d m e d iu m , 222-o86o oft 5._________________________________ 

18 F R E E K IT T E N S , w ide V a rie - tv, 414 E lm h u rst. 878-5357. 
F re e p art G e rm a n Sh e p h e rd fem sp a ye d , lo ve s k id s 684-7465 

W IR E F O X T E R R I E R M a le P up 
I pies. Ch B lo od 695 8915 

Great 

^ 
A m e r r c a n 
^Bargain 

‘W A N T A D S I 

CORRUGATED IRON 
$18.95 per sq. 
F L O W E R S L S R C O 
2567 G oliad 
333 617) 

C ove red O ne H o rse T ro lle r $35o 
I 663 SOH 
C ustom hon d m ade sad dles, o ver 
5o u s e d s a d d l e s in s t a c k . 
H u n d r e d s ot 1st a n d 2n d lin e boots. B a n d W Boot a nd Tack, 4o5 
S. G u a d alu p e St, Sa n M a rc o s, Tx. 
I 392-4674. 

F o r sale: B la c k registered Q uat- terh orse ge ld in g, l i t h an d s h igh sh ow n w idely W e stern and speed, spirited, $12oo 658 6877, 2166___ 
F o r Sa le 
14 head, good ge ne ral n o ise s. A ll g e ld in g s Suitable for r a n c h w o r k , P le a s u r e , P o lo o r jum p ing 
W M 
W illiam s. 
F r e d e r ic k sb u rg ,512 9*7 3948 _____ 

F o r Sa le R e g Qtr M o rse s 
D evine, T x 663 475) 
F o r S a le 
I R e g 
B ro o d M o r e s with C olts on Side I 996 3511 

FOR SALE 
R e g is t e r e d A n g u s bull, a lso '« 
C b ia n n in i b u ll, lo c a t e d n e a r 
C ibolo Colt 658 1o17 or I 61$ 4482 
F O R S A L E 
?$*» R e g iste re d L im o u sin B ud 7 y e a r s o ld 
O u t ot E S S O R a n d 
D A N D Y 
C a d 341 75*4 after S:Jo 
P M 

F O R S A L E : I ? Sa n ta O etlrutTis cow s from 7 to 4 y e a rs of age Ad c a t t le o r i g i n a l l y f r o m K in g 
R a n c h 
N o o u t c r o s s . l l w it h c a lv e s b y side, o th e rs wilt so o n calf N o p a p e rs S4$o oo per cow 
G J H a y e s M D . P O Box $11, 
A lv in , 
T x. 
77 $ 11. 
O f f ic e 
713 331 4213 
Re sid e n ce 
713 331 4o31 
H u ll A m t) Y IMH ling Colt, B lether lo N ut'! C h $45o 327-1 $68 
H A Y , fertilized C oa sta l S ill* Bale 

H A Y H A U L IN G 
431-t i n 
H e a vy D u ty H o rse W alker, 4o4l. 
I 535 4287 otter 4 pm _______________ 

* H E R E F O R D C O W S W I T H 
C A L V E S . I 425 o811 
H O R S E S . S A D D L E S A N D T A C K 
4 1 2 - 3 1 6 4 ____ 
66 H Y D E 4o' g ra in trader, $293o 
674 o27$ 

Macdona Auction Sale 
E v e r y Sat L iv e sto c k and ra n c h supplies, c o n sig n m e n ts w elcom e 
I ? mr SW S A M acd on a , Tx 

C U S T O M M A Y B A L I N G , L a r g e a nd Sm a ll Jobs, a n y w h e re R o o sonable P r ic e 684-9894 
C U S T O M H A Y B A L IN G 
653 98oo 

E N G L IS H A N D W E S T E R N R ID 
IN G I N S T R U C T I O N S S u m m e r se ssio n s a p p lic a tio n s n ow b eing ta k e n fo r b e g in n e r a n d in te r m ediate E n g lis h a n d W e stern rid ­ in g le sso n s. C la s s e s st a r t J u n e 
1st 
A g e s 8 th ru a d u lt 
B R A C K 
E N R ID G E S T A B L E S , IN C . 84o E 
M U L B E R R Y 732 8881 

E n g l is h S a d d le a n d P a d . e xc cond. A sso rte d E n g lis h a nd W e s­ tern B rid le s , b its, p a d s W a to i proof b la n k e ts a nd leg w ra p s 
699 1939. 

/VAY bM dJA L 
6' i 11 D o m e stic tee post 
.. 
3 ') 'x 8 N o2 P erd u P ost 
... 
52 "x 16' Cattle P an el 
>4" P V G P ip e p er IOO ti l l 1 1 g a im p b a rb 
....... t ,,nn..;.,i !H( I Nu,I-, MI I h 
B A R K E R S U P P L Y 
3)5) S E M ilit a r y D r 133 4o41 
N E E D R e sp o n s ib le m a n to oper a te 
H a y 
B a l i n g 
O p e r a t io n 
661 53o1 o r 
1 42o 228$, 
A sk tor 
Sa m m y. 

*1 98 t i 89 
S U 9$ 
I t 5o 
$1$ *5 
$14 $o 

E x p R o p in g H o rse , gentle IO y r | old M o re . $15oo T a c k a n d trailer i a lso avail. 434 32o7. 684 53o7 

OPEN 
HORSE SHOW 
Sun. May 15,1oam 
D C S M P A re n a 
F o ste r R d . a nd I I I South 

OFFICE CHAIRS 

 collector. C h in a only. 341-174o. 
W A N T E D : P o r t - a - c r ib in g o o d 
E x e c u t iv e , 'Se c" rtaT ’y " o c c a s i o n - 1 condition. R e a so n a b le . 657-1512 al. U pholstered, vin yl and ge nu ine le ath er. A ll B e a u tifu l. O v e r 2oo c h a ir s to c h o o s e fro m . P r ic e d fro m S27.So a n d up. 1131 B a s s e 
Rd., 733-7347, 734-3o81. 

P a n a so n ic A M - F M unit with elec­ tronic sp e a k e rs, $14o. Sin g -a lo n g loud mouth, $4o. 924-7817. 
4pc, blue c ru sh e d velvet liv in g rm set $4oo, l-q u e e n size bed c o m ­ plete SISO, 2 end tables, I coffee table $125 set, 3 la m p s $2oea, 4 e n d t a b le s $2o, b o y ’s h u f f y 
1o-speed bike $5o. 434-1564 w k d y s att 5 all d ay Sat-Sun 

_ 
. ... .------------j----------- . 
. 8pc livin g ro om set, com plete or 
F r ig id a ir e w a sh e r, a n d G E g a s s e p a r a t e ly a ll g o o d c o n d it io n . 

W a rd s H e a vy D u ty W a sh e r. $6o. 
534-o748______________ 
W a sh e r, h e a v y d u ly , *14o, lik e new. Tw in bed, go o d cond $5o. 
674-2128. 
W e d d ing d re ss, size, 11-12, A lfre d 
A n g e lo O rig in a l, b e a u tifu l b e a d ­ ing. 225-7655. 

 d ry e r $125 e ach or $225 for both, call 824-1628 atter 6pm 

F r i g i d a ir e R e f r ig . F r o s t - F r e e , perfect cond. S2oo 918 M e lissa 

Fu rn itu re -A p p lia n c e s-Je w e lry 
A ll A p p lic a t io n s a p p r o v e d w ith req u ire d dow n paym ent. C oll im ­ p erial F u rn 222-2227 416 B ra d y 

F u rn itu re ! Se ctio n al sofa, c h a irs, tab le s, desk, 822-3839 

G a r a g e d o o r , $5o, c h e s t d ra w e rs $35, 611 Burw ood. of 

G a rd e n T rac to r, Case, 14 H P with h y d ra u lic lifts. 3 pf. hookup, 4 8 " m o w e r, a n d d o u b le g a n g d isc . 
$875. 337-6613. 
9 1 " G illia m so fa , p e c a n fra m e , value $65o for $3oo. P ecan coffee t a b le v a lu e $ 3 oo t o r SISO . O c ­ ta go n a l p e c a n la m p table v a lu e 
$2oo fo r $1oo. I B M E le c. ty p e w ­ riter M o de l C carb on , value $375 for $225. 492-9523.__________________ 
G olf C lu b s for left handed golfer, com plete with bag, putter, c ove rs. 
Exce l, cond. *1oo 655-23o3 

 la rg e S p a n ish c olon ia l d e sk and c h a ir . 
T y p e w r it e r , s e w in g m achine, coffee table with m a rb le top, sofa bed with m attress. 
344-6861. 

W e d d ing d ress, size IO, w o rn once in Austin. 653-7)98 736-852)________ 
W h e e lc h a ir, c o m m o d e , r o llin g w alker with seat. 732-4)26_________ 
W h irlpo o l A ir Cond. 23,ooo B T U , 
$1oo. 225-66o4. 
W I N C H E S T E R 3(F3o---------- 
______________661 5o83______________ 
6 x1o' P rin tin g p re ss, 2 cabinets. 

62oo Fo re st C irc le (F o re st O a k s ) 
Frl-Sat, M a y 13-14, 9om -6pm 
O U R F I R S T G A R A G E S A L E ! 
M u lti-fa m ily , e v e r y t h in g in c lu d ­ in g the k itc h e n sto v e . 6 p ly 1 5 " deep tires, oth er tires, V W g e n e r­ ator, w ater bed, c arp ets, d ra p e s, lin e n s, d is h e s , c lo th e s, g a m e s , paint, fu rn itu re, E T C ! T h u r-Su n , 
M a y 12 to IS, M o rn till 5pm 13o3 
Lockh lll-Se lm a , c o rn e r of P rin z 
Dr. 

P O R C H S A L E 
4o2 W D R E X E L , g o o d e x p e n s i v e J r . c lo t h e s , d r e s se s, p o n ts, sh o r ts , b lo u s e s a nd m a n y m o re ! W o m a n ’s clo th ­ ing, size s 12-14, h a n d b a g s a nd lots of M isc : A ll like new !______________ 
S a t M a y 14 o nly. - ll . Sofa, chil- d r e n s - a d u lt s c lo th e s , v a c u u m , recorder, d rill p re ss, d ra p e s, etc. 
1422 E. Su nshin e. 

YOUR GUIDE TO DEPENDABLE SERVICE 
EXPRESS-NEWS 
C C D l f l ^ E H I D C f T A D V 
9 E K ¥ I V C ' U N IC E 1V I V t IC I 

TO PLACE A D S IN THIS DIRECTORY CALL 2 2 5 - 1 6 6 6 

934 BUSINESS DIRECTORY 
C A R P E T S A L E S & 
S E R V I C E 

A D D I T I O N S 

PENN’S TRADING POST 
A n tiq u e s, colle ctab le, fu rn itu re , 
L O T S M O R E ! W ill a c c e p t c o n ­ signm ent. 1oam -7pm daily. 23645 
H w y 281 N orth. 497-3672 
P ia n o Fo r Sale U j 'ig h ! St3o. Call 
224-7111 o r 735-o834 

P ic n i c T a b le s , N e w 6 x 3 o " , b e n c h e s a tta c h e d , n e v e r u se d , 
S3o.9S delivered. 337-3949. 

21" B la ck a nd w hite T V console, 
$6o. 627-3164 

B o y ’s H u ffy 1o-sp ee d b ike. $65. 
Call: 434-1564 atter 5. 
B un k B e d s o r Tw in s, stu rd y , like new. T r u n d le bed, so fa set, b e ­ d ro o m set, w a sh e r, d r y e r , 575., fully size bed a nd fra m e $5o. 
656-8134. 
C am e ra, 35m m M ir a n d a D, r-1.9, case, flash, $1oo 342-7893__________ 
C e d a r Siding, N o. 2 a n d better, 8~ a n d IO " w id e, IS c a n d 2oc L F . 
M o re F e n c in g c om ing. 1-42o-2786. 
C h a i r s , 4 B e n t w o o d , $58 se t. 
W in g b a c k r e c lin e r , S3o. L o v e seot, red velvet, $95. W heel chair, 
$7o. C a r p e t , g o ld 1 1 x 1 4 ’, $35. 
B o o k c a s e , h e a v y w o o d , S25. 
C A S H ! 434-6673____________________ 

C h a n d e lie r , m a s s iv e w r o u g h t iron , J tie rs, sta in e d g la s s with candelab ra. A p p ra is e d $35o firm . 
822-771o_____________________________ 
C h i ld r e n 's c o ts, $9 e a., m e ta l fram e with b lue c a n v a s 227-o374 
C o lle c to r w a n ts j im B e a m a n d 
W ild T u rk e y Bottles. 684-5o35. 
C o lo r T V , 2 1 " A d m ir a l s o lo a r color portab le w ith ro llin g stond, 2 
1 1 y rs. old. E x c e lle n t con d itio n . 
S325. C oo r is g re a t) 656-8427 after 
5:3opm _____________________________ 

C O L O R T.V . $125. B W T .V . *4o. 
Coll 673-8666. 
_____________ 
C o lo r T V , 2 5 " console, excellent condition, $15o. 824-2844________ _ 
C o lo r T V , J.C . P e n n y 's 1 2 ", l l m os. old. 673-o56? 925-2o57________ 
25" C olo r T V , I m o old. E xce lle n t condition. C o st 
$55o. 
Sell $35o. 
878-858o 
C O L O R T V P o rta b le *125. B W T V 
$37.5o. 733-o762 
____________ 

C o lo r T iI, 1 9 " S y l v a n ia , ta b le model, good cond. $8o. A tter 5pm 
923-26o2 

GOH Clubs, m a tche d set, 3 w oods, 
9 iro n s 226-1944 532-8452 
G ro lie r's T H E W O R L D 'S G R E A T 
C L A S S IC S , com plete, n eve r used. 
A tter 6pm w k d a y s 534-79o9 

G u ita r , V e n t u r a , 6 s t r in g w ith case, SISO or bes! otter 828-5958. 

H a y w a r d W a k e fie ld D in in g r o o m set. D e n a n d b e d ro o m fu rn itu re. 
R e frige rato r, g o s d rye r, 
M isc . 
826-711o. 
H e a v y s t e e l I b e a m s 
F o u r , 
13’4 "x 6 ", one 1 1 '4 "x 2 ". $1oo all, 
534-2oo9 
H id e-A -Be d with m attress. A s is. 
$3o.oo. 
3 la w n m o w e rs, 
$15. 
534-448o. 

6 Piece P e c an M e d ite rra n e a n be­ d r o o m se t, c o s t $1 3o o n e w , sa c rific e for $6oo. 826-7691, 3223 
H ow ard, Apl. 33.___________________ 
P lyw o od boxes, 4x8x7. 8 Sheets of plywood, 626-13o8__________________ 
Pool toble, beautiful B ru n sw ic k I* slate, v e ry good cond. C om plete with all acces. a nd light, $575. (3o y r s old) 822-174o 

18 case s type, oth er acces, $35o. 
J ohnson 1325 N o F lo re s 

Y A M A H A P A S Y S T E M 
Cal! 223-5735. 

Sh u k -io is h a v in g a g a r a g e sa le 
F rid a y, M a y 2o. P la n ts ond stuff 
75o6 Stan d in g O ok, L iv e Oak. 
T O O G O O D T O M IS S ! M u lti fam e 

12o Y d s. g o ld c a r p e t , in g o o d j f n rn iV u re 6 w u V e ^ n u f n u ’ n n d shope 828-1191 for appointm ent. m u ch M o re ! L a u re l H tlL 4118 M L 
Laurel. 9 to 5 O nly, T h u r to F ri. 
Utility poles, se c u rity lights, elec. m eters, tim e clo cks, tra n sfo rm e r. 
After 5pm w k d ys. 684-2233. 

929 -GARAGE SALES 

B A R G A IN S ! Sat, Ioam -2p m . Sun., 
1oam-4pm. 254 L a n a rk . 656-1517 
C h u rc h Y a r d Sale : M a y 13-14, 225 
C lovis, 927-5351. P ro c e e d s g o to 
M issio n a ry . 

C lo thing, fu rn itu re . Little bit of e ve ryth in g g a r a g e sa le ! L iv e O o k 
V illa ge . 126o2 M o s s H ollow . Sat- 
Sun. M a y 14-15, 9am -7pm 
E S T A T E S A L E - E v e r y t h in g in h o u se m u st go ! S a t u r d a y , M a y 
14th, 
439 
Q ue en 
A n n e 
Ct., 
9 A M -5 :3 o P M 

93o MERCHANDISE WANTED 

R e li a b le C a r p e n t e r s , E x p e r t w o r k m a n s h ip . 
A d d i t io n s - 
R e m o d e lin g - C o n c re t e 432-3632, 
436-oo97 att 6 

A l W ill Steam C lean o r sh a m p o o 
L iv -d in , ro o m *22.5o, 9x12 lo o se r u g s SIO 5o 227-1986 225-83o3 
U N IT E D C A R P E T S E R V IC E 
924 1o58 o r 226-8246 

F O U N D A T I O N S 
L O T C L E A R I N G 
8. C L E A N I N G 

’FOUNDATION 

REMODELING 
C O M P L E T E F IN A N C IN G 
F R E E E S T I M A T E S 
C 8 S LUMBER 
4647 R O O S E V E L T 
924-8556, 924 8557 

C E R A M I C S & 
C E R A M I C T I L E 

A S P H A L T 

Antiq ue s, A p p lia n ce s, F u rn itu re 
WE PAY MORE 
E states, A n y th in g of V a lu e ...from one piece to houseful. C all: 
342-4755 A n y tim e 
Est. 1949 

S p e c ia lizin g in A sp h a lt a n d C o n ­ crete D riv e s, 681-o874 A n ytim e ! 

Pool Table, old M a h o g a n y B r u n s ­ wick, 341-6358 
Queen Size b e d ro o m suite, c o rn e r unit sleep set. 699-31o6 att 4 

R e clin er, $45 
C all 633-o727 

ESTATE SALE 

B u y in g late m o de l re frig e ra to rs, fre e ze rs n ee d in g rep air. 341-1865 

Sat. and Sun. 1o-5, 4o2 Taft. C a sh only. 
E S T A T E S A L E 
A n tiq u e s C heap 
Call 223-6627 tor details 

CAMERA EXCHANGE 
Buy, Sell, T ro d e , R e p a ir 
5322 S A N P E D R O 
828-2327 

R e d u c e d 12x16 h e a v y d uty sto r­ age, term s, free delive ry 732-517 1 
R e frige rato r, A d m ira l, white, 14.3 cu ft, n o fro s t , s p e c ia l e n e r g y sa v e r m odel. Ju st 12 mo. old, $275. 
684-7714 after 5 P M . 

R e f r ig e r a t o r , 21 cu ft, sid e b y side, ice m a ke r, Coppertone, $395. 
824-622o. 

H o o v e r D ia l-a -m a tic uprigh t, at­ tachm ents. 673-o562 925-2o57 

R e f r ig e r a t o r , 22 cu ft, sid e -b y - side, 3 d oor with ice m aker, $4oo. 
654-o998 a n ytim e 

4 F a m ilie s . O u r t r a s h is y o u r tre a su re . S o m e r e a l B a r g a in s ! 
G u it a r , v a c u u m , t o y s , b o o k s , c lo th e s , m u c h m o r e . S a t - S u n 
9-6pm 7236 M o n tg o m e ry D r. ( N E oft W alzem R d ). 

C A S H for yo u r U se d P ia n o 
224-7111 o r 224-11o2 

G A R A G E A N D E S T A T E S A L E : 
B o o k s , c lo th e s, f u rn itu r e , T v 's tires, toys, lots of c u sto m jew elry, 
Etc. G ood b uys, C a sh -C o rry . 462o 
T ro tw o o d , T h u r-Su n . 432-2972 

H o sp ita l bed, c ru tc h e s, w a lk e r, portable com m od e. L I K E N E W ! : 
433-8o15 

R e f r ig e r a t o r , $15o. G a s sto v e , 
SU S. L g cou ch ,S85 696-1928 

K in g s i z e m a t t r e s s a n d sp rin g s set, $15o. 655-84oo b o x 

R e f r ig e r a t o r , I9 c u .ft., sid e by i side, H a rv e st gold, 5mos., Still in i w arran ty. S4So 341-3585 

K in g s l e y M o n o g r a m m in g M a ­ chine with v a rio u s C o p s $275. 
684-6761. 
L a rg e 2 door refrigera tor, white, 
$75. 226-7426. 
2 la rge n atural rattan a rm c h a irs a n d otto m an , 4 -stra n d c o n s t r u c ­ tio n . V in y l c o v e r e d c u s h io n s . 
V e ry excellent cond 824-5936. 
L a w n b o v self propelled, electric starter. O rig in a l p ric e $36o. I yr, 
$25o 341-1137.______________ ________ 
L A W N 
E D G E R - K & S , g a s e n g in e (B A S ) d rive n. U se d hou rs. 
L ik e new. 657-2417 atter 5 P M 

L a w n m o w e rs good cond 2o 
SSO 
22" $55, 438 O r c h a r d 332-36o5 
L ik e n ew , F r e n c h P r o v i n c ia l couch, chair, SISO. B lo nd e d in in g room set; table, hutch, buffet, 6 cho irs, $2oo. B lo n d e b ed room set; double bed, d re sse r, d re ssin g ta­ ble. $1oo. 433-8o15. 

R O C K E R , b la c k te xtu re d v in y l, excellent condition, $6o. 69o-o235 after 4:3o. 

R O C K S , la r g e a n d s m a l l 
N o charge. Y o u h au l aw ay. 695 8814 

R O L E X P resid en t, hidden clasp. 
349-32o1, 349-1639 
R u st C o lo re d S o fa B ed. In q u ir e 
826-1251 betw een 4-6pm. 
IO S a la m a n d e r H e a te rs; 2oo,ooo 
B T U , e x c e lle n t c o n d it io n 
342-9743, 342-2395, 8 to 5. 
45 S and W ocp, untired, in box. 
$35o. 3o-o6 S a ik o , m a d e in F i n ­ la n d , d e lu x e w ith sc o p e , $35o. 
658-1843 after 6pm. 
Scooter M otorized, 3 wheel, ru n s good! $3oo. C all: 633-26o6.________ 

G A R A G E A N D P L A N T S A L E : 
R e f r ig . , D e h u m i d i f ie r , w o t e r sottner, a ntique sc h oo l desk, c a r ­ pet 25x11, old 78 R P M re c o rd s, p o l a r o id la n d c a m e r a , 
T V , n u m e r o u s p la n ts , m isc . ite m s. 
Som e give -aw ays. T h u r-F ri. M a y 
12-13th. 6o4 B r ia r O ok, H a rm o n y 
H ills 341-3598. 
G A R A G E - R U M M A G E S A L E ! 
1327 F a ir, G o lia d A v e -C la r k St. 
9am -7pm F ri-Sa t lp m -5p m Sun. 
G A R A G E S A L E 
M a y 12 15 
C h a ir , $2o. P i c n i c t a b le a n d ben ch e s, $15. R e c lin e r, w ro u g h t iro n c h a ir, t y p e w r it e r , c lo th e s 
M IS C 63o2 W ig w a m ( T h u n d e r b ird H ills) 684-3974 
G a r a g e S a le : 1 o a m -2 p m S u n . 
M a y , 
15. 
2333 
W 
G ra m e rc y 
732-7291 
G A R A G E S A L E ! S a t-S u n , M a y 
1415, 9am d a r k 
819 J o h n P a g e 
D r , G A R A G E S A L E ! S a t - S u n , 
M a y 14-15, 9 a m -d o r k . 819 J o h n 
P a g e D r, ( J e f f e r s o n H S a r e a ) 
C a m p in g gear, port-o-crib, O D D S 
A N D E N D S ! 735-4892 

S lid e p r o je c to r- t r a y s $2o. B u t ­ tonhole m a k e r *5. 534-1818 

Coll 45 R e v o lv e r, m ilita ry m odel 
19)8, E x c e ll. C o n d , w ith u n iau e d isp la y case. A C o lle c to r's item. 
$3oo firm . 623-4974 oft 4pm ________ 

Com plete d a rk o a k b e d ro o m suite 
$275. Atter 4pm , 341-2o95. 
C o p p e rto n e R e fr ig . 2-dr., F ro st - 
Free. $125. G a s R a n g e , $125. D in- ette, $4o. M o re ! 734-61)2._______ 

Couch, good con d itio n $5o. C h a ir 
$2o S p a n ish sty le p a in t in g s a n d a cce sso rie s. 534-o23o ofter 3pm. 
C ouch $6o. L o v e se a t $5o. R e clin e r 
$5o. go o d buy. T h ic k g la s s table lam p . $65. E x c e lle n t c o n d itio n . 
Se a rs d eh u m id tie r $5o. L a m p a nd sh ade $15. 653-o452. 
______ _ 
C ou ch, ?• m a tt r e s s, b o x s p r in g , b o o k c a se , 2 n ig h t s t a n d s , r u g s, desk chair. 337-8245. 

L iv in g a n a a m m a ro om set, b un k beds, other item s, 432-2531. 

L iv i n g r o o m f u r n it u r e , d in in g room , dinette set, b ed roo m suit, hide-a-bed, 3 b a r stools, w osbe r, d ryer, plants, 681-13o1 

M a h o g a n y b e d r o o m set, t r a d i­ tional, com plete dou b le bed, triple d r e s s e r a n d m irr o r , n igh tstan d , 
S IS O . W r o u g h t i r o n f ir e p la c e screen, $15, call after 5, 684-o387. 
2 m a n life raft $25, c a m p in g tent 
$4o. 2 se ts of M a r k iv h u b c a p s ond rim s. $1oo a set. 497-3622. 

M a p le b u n k b e d s , *1 3 5 .D r e s s e r , 
SSO. C he st of d ra w e rs, $5o. F re n c h 
P ro v in c ia l d re sse r, $65. T w in bed, 
$3o. A fter 5, 675-1861. 

Soto a nd c ha ir, light blue, $45. Call 
432-7144. 
_______________________ 
So fa bed, love seat, flo ral. G old r e c li n e r c h a ir . E le c . b r o o m . 
M IS C . 673-6oo9 
_____ 
S o fa , h ig h b a c k C o lo n ia l b lu e - gre en B oral, $125. Blu e w in g-b a ck choir, $35. Both like new. 344-677o 
Stereo, A M - F M 8-track reco rd e r, 
B S R turntable, in c lu d e s cabinet, 3 m o t Old *2oo. 225-4833 
______ 
S t e r l in g S i l v e r I n t e r n a t i o n a l 
“W ild R o t e " Fla tw are . 8 pc place tettin gt, p la t 19 a d d itio n a l t o ry - ing pieces. $1695. 828-7752. 
S t r o lle r , r e c lin e r , u tility t r o y , t h r o w p illo w s , k i n g s i z e h e a d ­ b o a r d , v a c u u m c le a n e r , ceram ic*. 43? 3434 
_____ 
Stro n g m etal sch oo l desk cho irs. 
G ood condition. 2o for $1o ea. M u st take all. R e m in g t o n a d d in g m o- 
M a ttre ss a nd b o x sp rin g s, dinette, , lune un. n c n in ,y ,u ,i uuuhm b ed room set, sofa, choir, trund le ; chine, *35. 923-3341. 922-6o88 bed, 654-6725 

 w m u m — m m m m m — p 

G A R A G E S A L E 
B e d roo m , livin g r o o m , d in in g r o o m f u r n it u r e . 
Frl-Sun, M a y 13-15, 8am -5pm . 7123 
T h rushview . 826-87o5 
G A R A G E S A L E : 2o2 G o ld e n 
C r o w n . 53 4 -o 1 9 3 . T h u r s - F r l , 
8a m -6p m A n tiq u e s, a p p lia n c e s , saddle, M O R E ! 

D IA M O N D S 
W illia m s, 227-87o2, 15o E . H ou sto n 
I b u y W a s h e r s n e e d in g re p a ir . 
K e n m o re , 
W h irlpo o l, a nd 
G E . 
533-o762. 

I’LL BUY ANYTHING 
T H A T D O E S N ’T E A T ! ! ! 
C A L L J IM L IS T E R 
633-26oo o r 633-o34o 

Mc Doooal will Fay Cash: 
F o r F u r n it u r e o n d A p p lia n c e s 
DOV, 653-5242 N ig h t; 653-o491 o r 
655-2235. 

A S P H A L T - C O N C R E T E 
W O R K 

A A C o n c re te C o n stru c tio n . R e d ­ w o o d d e s ig n p a tio s, sid e w a lk s , d r iv e w a y s . R o o m A d d itio n s. N o 
Job Too Sm a ll! 534-887 

C e r a m ic T ile a n d P lu m b in g in stallation a 
Sp ecialty. 
C all 
734-541? 

B A B Y S I T T I N G 
C H I L D C A R E 

C h i ld 
C a r e 
5 d a y s a w e e k 
7am 6pm 433-1o95 N. Sa n Fe lip e 
R e g is t e r e d c h ild c a r e in m y hom e. G len area, 655-7619.________ 
R e gistere d , a n y age, n igh ts only 
O ff C a lla g h a n o r In g r a m R d 
51 d a y s 435 6914______________________ 

R e g iste re d C h ild c a re O ff B r d w y . , ! 
Q ueen A n n C ou rt 824 o885 

SPECIALIST* 
All T yp e s of F o u n d a tio n rep a irs, i 
L o w P ric e s, H ig h Q u a lity w o rk 
Coil A n ytim e 
A B C 
C O N S T . 
333-48161 
T H E IR I S H M A N L E V E L I N G 
3o Y E A R S E X P E R I E N C E 
Note: N e v e r T a k e the first p ric e ! ( 
333 VOS) or 
734 TSI I 

H A N D Y M A N 

B u l ld o z in g . 
C l e a r i n g , 
R o o t 
Plow ing. A n y Size Job. 333-3788 
S m a ll T ra c to r, c u sto m m o w in g , lots, a c re a g e 824 3813, 826 7652. 

M O W I N G - S H R E D D I N G 

M O W IN G 
A C R E A G E a n d L O T S m o w e d 
C all 344 5577 Or 342-8222 

R O O F I N G 

P A I N T I N G , P A P E R I N G 
P L A S T E R I N G 

T h e H a n d y m a n Co. 517o B r o a d ­ w a y. 828-8o5o. P a in t in g - r o o f in g 
G en R e p a irs 

H A U L I N G & M O V I N G 

A I H a u lin g a n d m o v in g w ith p icku p truck, 
A ls o y a rd w ork 
673-5669__________ j 

C L E A N U P , H A U L IN G , C a ll H o r i vey 225 2853, 225-9315 

A • I 
F o u n d a t i o n , p a t io s , d riv e w a y s, asp halt, Lie. 534-166o 

B E S T P R I C E S F A S T S E R V IC E patios. d riv e w a y s 
927-27o7 
927 2737 
B E S T P R I C E S - P R O F W O R K 
O n a ll C o n c re te , r o c k a n d M a ­ so n ry w ork done now ! Fre e Est. 
Coll 734-o7o1 
C O N C R E T E . 
P a t io s , w a lk s , d r iv e s , a d d it io n s , 
F R E E 
E stim a te s. 
F r a n k 
2Syrs. exp. 
333-196o 
C O N C R E T E W O R K , A sp h alt and 
R opting. F re e E stim a te s 337-6211. 

D I R T - S A N D - G R A V E L 
F I L L - T O P S O IL 

A A A G rade. Topsoil, C aliche, E tc 
515.5o U p 333-oo78 A n ytim e ! 

A C O M P L E T E H O M E P A IN T IN G 
R E P A IR S E R V I C E 1 684 4972 

C O L L E G E P A I N T E R S : su m m e r e m p lo y m e n t H o u se p a in t in g in side o utsid e R e a s o n a b le E x p e r- ; 
| lanced F re e e stim a te s 492 2932. 
G E R H A R D T S 533*7149 
R E L I A B L E 
E S T I M A T E S on 
P a in t in g P a p e r in g , S h e e tr o c k , I 
W in d o w G la ss , R e p a irs , B u d g e t 
I T e rm s 1612 S. H a c k b e rry ._________j 

H A U L IN G A N D D U M P I N G j E 
" 
' 
" 
' 
' 
" 
* 
' 
" 
' 
I 
H a ve 21,Ton T r u c k s 533 1142 
E x t e r io r . W o r k g u a r a n t e e d r — — —— 
—--------------------------- R e fe re n c e s f u rn is h e d 
F r e e es 
Lite M o v in g 
D a y N ig h t 
T r a s h tim ates Jo c k W illia m s, 435 4779 
H a u lin g . S c r a p M e t a l h o n ie d i '■ ....... 
................ . a w ay tree 923 4411 

C l a r k 's R o o fin g - R e m o d e lin g 
F re e E stim a te s 824 1532 

G r a v e l ! M in g le ( R e p l a c e o r 
R epair. Stop looks. C all 331-1oo5 
R o o fin g a n d P a in tin g . A ll w o rk guaranteed. F re e Bids. 333-7816. 
R o o tin g am ? h ou se repairs. F re e est 532-4oo6 649-2499 
T R I S T A T E r 6 o F I ^ G C d Su m m er S p e c ia l a ll m a t e r ia l o n d la b or $4o. per Sq ua re. 433-3o21 

IS y r s . e x p o n c o m p o sitio n o r g ro v e l roof, R a m ire z, 342-781o Lie 

S E W IN G -A L T E R A T IO N S 
•T A IL O R IN G 
1 wg" ZMI5 iiwrtfg" 
C oll 824 5758 oft 5pm 

S E W IN G M A C H IN E 
R E P A IR S - S E R V I C E 

E x p e rt dew in g W a cJd n e T e p a T r 
F re e In Sh op E stim a te s 
3523 W e st Ave., 344-9671 

S W IM M IN G 
S E R V IC E 
POOL 

A. B a rro n . A ll T y p e s D irt-S o n d - 
G ra v e l. Y e a r R o u n d Del. 435-6157. 

A ll typ es dirt, sand, g ra v e l, J im | 
L o n gfo rd , N orthside, 342-244o 

M O V IN G 
C o m m Hom e-A pt. Sp e c ia list 
I piece o r house fu l 
D A Y or N IT E 
656 57o5 

P A I N T I N G 

A G a r c ia P a in t in g C o n t ra c to r. 
F re e Est. Int E x t 734-7846________ 
A A K P a in t in g w ith p rid e 
W h y 

A L L types d lrt-san d -grave l. 7 D a y 
D e liv e ry . 532-191o 

M O V IN G 
D E L I V E R Y S E R V IC E pay m ore for le ss! 826^4576 
18Ft. T ru c k 628-1385 

D i r t - T o p s o il- S a n d - G r a v e l - ! 
L o o m 
R a y H endrix. 
D e liv e re d 
341 2449 
H O M E I M P R O V E M E N T S 
M A I N T E N A N C E 

A4- P A IN T IN G 
I N T E R IO R E X T E R I O R 
L o c ke In d u strie s 653-4561 

O Z U N A S A s p h a lt a n d P a v in g . 
S id e w a lk s, p a tc h e s, d r iv e w a y s , concrete slabs. 
F R E E 
Est. 
922 7o29 

O ld P h o n o g ra p h R e c o rd s, b u y in g collections. 341-o978 

P A T IO S , W A L K S , D R IV E W A Y S . 
T IL E B est for L e s s! 435-4274 

TOP PRICES 
U N L I M I T E D B U Y IN G 
F u rn itu re , A n tiq ue s, A p p lia n c e s 
734-9773 
W A N T E D : P a y c a s h fo r la r g e antique rolltop desk. 733-946o 

W A N T E D : W o r k i n g o r N o n 
W o r k in g r e f r ig e r a t o r s : 435-555o or 673-767o 

W A N T T O B U Y old ga so lin e o n d oil a d v e r t is in g , o ld s ig n s , g a s p um p s, globes, etc. 654-6879 

W e b u y F u rn itu re , A p p lia n c e s 
E sta t e s A n tiq u e s G la ss w a re etc 
BEST PRICES PAID 
532-6641 
653-3714 a nytim e, 655-4634 eves. 
J O H N A R O W L A N D B A R N E S 
L ic e n se d a n d B o n d e d B u y e r s__ 

S p e c ia l i z i n g in c o n c r e t e , d r iv e w a y s , p a t io s , s id e w a lk s . 
D a y-n igh t 
F re e 
E st 
735 13o4 
732-7413. 

S A N D , G r a v e l, T o p s o il, 5 to 7 i ya rd s, C all 422-5)o2_________________: 

T o p s o il, 
G r o v e l, 
D e li v e r e d 
Sp reo d , N W ond N E . 434 1)o4 

655 4ooo 
T O P S O IL , S A N O 
G R A V E L , 
R O C K , 
H A U L ! 
____________ A N Y T H IN G ____________ 
T O P S O IL , S A N D Y L O A M , S A N O 
W IL L D E L I V E R 923 7426 

D a v e 's H o u se P a in tin g F re e es tim ates R e a so n a b le 675-2554 

TRY ME! 
L o w p ric e s H ig h Q u a lity concrete w ork. C oll M r. C oncrete, 223-5667, 
223-5115 

C A B IN E T S 

E X C A V A T I O N 
S E R V I C E 

CREER CONST. CO. 
Site P re p a ra tio n , L a n d C le a rin g a n d o th e r G e n e r a l E x c a v a t io n 
W o r k 
J D 45o C T r a c k L o a d e r , 
B a c k h o e a n d R i p p e r , D u m p 
T ru c k . 222-8591. D a y -N ig h t! 

J o e M e n d e z P a i n t e r , lo p in g floater, p a p e r h a n g e r, te xtu re . 
F re e E stim a te s 435-2778_______ __ 
P R O F E S S I O N A L 
H o m e 
Im p ro v e m e n t E s t im a t e s a v a ila b le 
M a y sa v e 3 o % in s e c o n d m o r t ­ ga ge notes O n ly S IS R e p ly to B ox 

H O U S E C L E A N I N G 

Im p ro v e hom e, a ffo rd ab le p ric e s 
F re e est 924 9591 922 9196 

In t-E x t. P a in t in g , ta p in g , float, 
A coustic F re e E s t 923 7615 
P a in tin g -R e m o d e lin g R o o fin g 
______________226-748o______________ 

P E R E Z A S O N S P A IN T IN G 
I inferior 
-E xte rio r. 
F re e 
E st 
432-o94).____________________________ 

P R O F E S S IO N A L P A I N T E R 
R e o s Fre e E stim a te s! 735-3252. 
S a in t 's P o in tin g . In t -E x t P aint- 
^ n s^ e n ^ ^ j^ m r^ ^ 5 4 ^ o 4 )V M V jo rjri^ 

P L U M B I N G 

I N S U L A T I O N 

V a r ie t y of C a b in e t s a n d w o o d ­ w o rk Refs, a vailable. F R E E Est. 
532-56o9 
F L O O R W A X I N G 

C A R P E N T R Y 
Strip -W ax-B u ff 
J e rry , 732-58o9 att 5pm 

AA- All Home Repairs 
Fo u nd a tio ns, Roofing, C a rp e n try, 
P a in t in g . P a n e l in g 
A ll w o r k guaranteed . Lie. 736-5*46 

F O U N D A T I O N S 

G A R A G E S A L E * Sat. M a y 14, 
1oam -? P a r k in g lot a c r o s s fro m 
So n P ron . Stea k H o u se . Se v e ra l fam ilies. 
G A R A G E S A L E ! 1o435 G r a n d 
P a rk , Starts M a y 14. B a r g a in s galore! 

G A R A G E S A L E : SOOS In g r a m Rd. 
Sa t-Su n . 9 a m -5 p m . T y p e w r it e r, h a ir d ry e r, g o lf c lu b s, jew elry, 
M A N Y M O R E T H IN G S ! 
G A R A G E S A L E : 1oo7 O ln ey Dr., 
822-o559 
G la ssw a re , clo th in g,M ISC . 
_____ 

We B u y R e frig e ra to rs 
734-4237, 7o7 W est Ave. 

W E P A Y C A S H 
F o r G oo d U se d F u rn itu re 
FAINCETT FURNITURE 
416 D o lo ro so 
227-6512 

A C a r p e n t e r : In N e e d of J o b s fro m ro ofing to Fo u n d a tio n s. N o 
Job Too S m a ll! F R E E E s t 
A il 
W ork G u a ran te e d 927-5o24. 
A C O M P L E T E H O M E R E P A I R 
S E R V IC E C A L L 684-4972. 
A H o m e o w n e r's carp en te r, decks, sh e lv e s , a d d it io n s , f a ir p r ic e s 
826-3933, 826-o236 free est 
We Pay More Cash 
F o r T h a t G o o d P ia n o 
T h a t yo u a re not u sin g . P le a s * call M r. L e o n at 223-6151. 

G a r a g e S a le : M a y 14-15, tu rn i- tu re , c lo th in g , p la n t s , a n d n ic - nocs, m iscellane ou s. 249 A m a ya, 
13oo blk off S.G e n e ra l M c M u lle n 

G a r a g e Sale- R a in o r shine. S a ­ turd ay O N L Y . 8-5:3o. 4259 R o a rk 

IT S E A S Y TO P L A C E A 
E X P R E S S H E W S 
W A N T A O 225 16f.j 

All t y p e s c a r p e n t r y w o r k 
A ls o r o o f in g , p a in t in g , s a t is f a c t io n guara nte ed 
N o Job Too Small 
656-5573. 
A ll T y p e s of R e m o d e lin g , G u a r ­ a n te e d W o rk . L ie 349-1663 R o d ­ ney. 

•ABC HOUSE LEVELING* 
2ovrs. L e v e lin g E x p . 
G u a ra n te e d w ork 
534-7329 

A Foundation PROBLEM? 
A ll ty p e s of fo u n d a tio n re p a irs . 
W e sp e cia liz e in le ve lin g, c e d a r post, p eer-b eam and sla b founda- tion Coll the experts. 824-2171 

U T I L I T I E S T O O H IG H ? S a v e now 

A L L P l u m b in g R e p a i r s a n d 
R e m o d e lin g . 
7 
D a y w e e k . 
435 4316 F re e E s t 

 with fo am e d -in -p lo ce In su la tio n . 
A M a s te r P lu m b e r. R e p a irs a nd n ifi ..«i... no'i /xiz i 
_______ 
Dam AHalinrt r rill 

 p T o T T T e a n T n lT T T a lT T o rT v rtk T y se rvice F re e est 656 o248________ 
S w im m in g pool chem icals 

T R E E S E R V IC E 

 a n 'J T n m ^ R a i T T l T e i H f r e r T 
I Jessie 43? 7758, 432-8o76. 
T r e e s c g ? a n d { r im m e d . '^ r e e i E stim a te s 534-3278 o r 333-6632- 

T re e sT r im m e d , Topped, R e m o ve 
! S t u m p s ^ H a u l l n g M ^ l H ? ^ ^ ^ ^ 

T U T O R IN G 
& IN S T R U C T IO N S 

F T o P le rru '^ w T T T r'sc ro ^ 
B io lo g y ? C h e m ist r y ? call 927-4896 

TV R E P A I R S • R E N T A L S 

F re e k s / n * ? o T M ? ^ * c lo y ? m m e s l low prices, w o rk gu ar. 924-o796 

Y A R D W O R K 

R I * value 923-6261 a n ytim e 
Rem od eling. C all R ic h a rd 
732 56)6 o r 435 6669 

J A N I T O R I A L S E R V I C E 

H o m e C le a n in g S e r v ic e s : c le a n c o rp cls-w in d o w s-w o x-b u ff 
653 7431 

L A N D S C A P I N G 

Doors dragging? 
Walls Cracking? 
A ll ty p e s fo u n d a tio n r e p a ir s . 3o. y r s e x p e rie n c e . A ll w o rk g u a r - 1 anteed. C oll A nytim e. 534-4)1o 

B A T H R O O M r e p a i, , p a n e lin g , g e n e ra l ca rp e n try . 924-3o51 
L O W P ric e s- F re e E stim a te s. A l­ so C a rp e n try a nd concrete. C all 
435-1oo2. 
IT S E A S Y TO P L A C E A 
E X P R E S S N F W S 
W A N T A D 225 1666 

W E H A V E P L E N T Y O F L I V E 
O A K 
T R E E S 
F O R 
S A L E 
I 875 9o28 or I 392-5361. 

L A W N C A R E 

Com plete L a w n S e rv ic e Ft. Sa m 
A re a 226-777o or 675 o7 29________ 
La w n C ore 
R e a so n a b le , reliable a n d e x p e r ie n c e d 
P r o f e s s io n a l w ork F re e est 648-3o9o 

L A W N M O W E R R E P A I R 

L A W N M O W E R R e p a ir a nd Sm a ll 
E n g in e s 
F R E E 
E stim a te s 
922 8661 

LOT C L E A R I N G 
& C L E A N I N G 

 c o J jry L 'l f l ' V A ft'& M W 
"* * 
I 
N S. a r g o o nly 341-8385 

•GIVE ME A CHANCE* 
W ill m o w a n d trim . G u a r a n te e i will be c h e a p e r than anyone else! 
C oli a n d le a v e m e ssage , a sk for 

P L U M B E R , R e a s o n a b le , In sta l- 
...— 
------------- lotion, 
F R E E 
E s t 
A 
G a rc ia 
» D O Y A R D W O R K , tor Info rm o - 
227 3oo5 lion C oll M r . Sow chez 432-3124. 
La w n s, C u t-frim m a d -V a c u u m e d . 
C aH A n ytim e ! 533-9635. 
Trees, L aw ns, Hedges, T rim m e d a nd Hauled. R e ason a b le. 532-o742. 

D O Y O U N E E D A P L U M B E R ? 
R e liab le B o n d e d 822 3544 

K A H N P L U M B I N G C O R e p a irs- 
R e m o d e lt n g -N e w C o n s tru c t io n . 
Fre e E stim a te s 684 2138 

P lu m b in g R e p a irs , re m o d e lin g , additions, 
R e os. 
F re e 
Est. 
434 4489 
________________________ 

W e 
A n s w e r y o u r c o ll f a i f f i 
» , . _ » ■ _ ■■ 
S e w e rs , le a k y f a u c e t s , w o t e r w e 6 6 A L L t Y ^ l i o/* V a r d h e a te rs a n y typ e r e p a ir or new installation. T e x a s P lu m b in g Co., 
Inc. 41o & B r o a d w a y 
C a ll a n y ­ time. 826-9582 

R E M O D E L I N G 

P o i n t i n g a n d r e m o d e lin g . 
Sp ecia lizin g in ro om additions. 2o y e a r s e x p e r ie n c e . 
F r e e e s ­ tim ates. 532-3oo2. 

R O O F IN G 

 w o rk a n d L ite H a u lin g . C oll for 
R e a s o n a b l e p r ic e s . C a ll A n y - tim e-Any w h e re ! 922-8661. 
W E E D 
C U T T IN G , 
L o t s o r 
A cre age. T A. A n d re w s 656-8327 will do Vardwork7 treasonable 
Prices. 648-8828, 

 y a r d Worfc, g a r a g e a n d hou se cleaning, h a u ling. 332-3765 
Y a r d w o r k , R e a s o n a b le P r ic e s 
Caw 674-8)65. 
__________________ 

Y a r d w o r k , t o p s o il, s r a v t l . 

C H R O O F IN G CO. 
Wrack#!* Service 

A c r e a g e , lo t s, y a r d s m o w e d cheap. F re e e stim ates. 661-2676 

N r o o 
^ 
’r T n n i r V ^ 1 1 
&UV d id '^ r s 'a n d B A U T E R 
N e w ro o fs - r o o f r e p a ir s of alt s e r v i c e call R ic h a rd . 337-6578 types. Fre e Est. 655-1o39. 
- ■ 
, 
- 5°!, , z ig - 7 * ' 
W e Buy Junk-W recked Cars 

I 
* 
M 
E 
R 
C 
H 
A 
N 
D 
I S E 

\ \ s. . m r 
ONLY* 

( 2 L I N E S 
A d a y s 
S h 

NON COMMERCIAL! 
CANCELLABLE 
QUICK RESULTS! 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS-— Saturday May I 4 1 9 7 7 

Outstanding TB Mare, is 2 hands 
Spirited. Atter S. 832-5223 
P alom ino gelding, 9 yrs., gentle b u t spirited, some tack Call after 
Sprin |7S 91o9__________ 

Reg Chester- Whites, M arion, Tx 
42o-2o8o atter 6 p m 
PU RK SWISS M ILK COW W ITH 
B A B Y CALF. 1-742-3283 
Ranch Equipment Priced to Sell 
Cedar Posts, cattle guards, iron g a te s , Butane tanks, cem en t m ix e r, plastic pipe. Irrig a tio n e o u ip . pum p, pipe and guns 
Tractor Equipment: Alamo Disc 
Planters and plows, Tubing, pipe, 
OSS w ail 1'« in. in 4oft m ints 
P ressure pump and tank, and househouid items Colt 698-2386 or 
*88-3811 otter 8 p m ______ 
RANCH FENCING BY BENKE 
_________6 7 4 -1 5 o 4 ___________ 
Randolph AFB All English Show 
M ay 14. Rim. date 18 June Coll 
OSS-1261 or 659-1659 evenings. 
Reg. Brangus 3 yr old Herd Sire 
F o rd Breeding 
Brangus Prs, bred. Open Heifers. Reasonable 
225-6294 days, 494 27o6 Mites 
R eg 
C h estnut G eld in g , e x t bloodline 55oo. oft 7 p.m. 658-674o 
Req 
E x p ertly trained Roping 
Horse Gelding, very gentle Good 
Competition Horse I 426-2343 or 
I 426 2o18 atter 5 p m.___________ 
Req Polled Hereford Bulls for sole I 426-3575, 341 76o8. 
REG Qir Horse 2 yr old Gelding 
Y e a rlin g F illy 
Superb youth 
H a lte r and P e rfo rm an ce Pro soects Best Bloodline 6/9 7665 ofter 5. 
____ 
Reg. O tr M ares, Several Nice 
Brood Type 227 1568_________ 
Spirited Sorrel Gelding 53oo Sad die and Tack 51oo. 341 4o46 
SPRIGS 
COAST CROSS I 
TTT RANCH J. Tudvk 
_______ 648-1678 
1972 Stock Trailer 
655-18o4 Ofter 7 p rn 
Wanted 
Someone to help work w ith S p irite d B a rre l H o rse, 
826 6375 ; 681 2633._________ ____ 
W ELC H G E L D IN G , 7 yrs. Old 
525o 658 1684 Ask tor Ann 
Well trained 8yr Flashy grade Olr m are. $65o Ridden in Bailie ol 
Flowers Parade 653-4893 
15 White Face Cows, Bred and 
Springing. 648-1931, 648 31oo 

8 wks old Pigs 525 
_______649 2184 
________ 
2ox5 Stock Trailer, S good tires. new floor, axles. 1-796-4145 
29 Y e a rlin g Holslem H e llers, colt hood voce. 734 532o con del 
7 YR OLD Black Reg Tennessee 
W alking Pleasure Geldm q On s m a ll side, im p o rted fro m 
Alabama. 51,ooo. Can be seen al 
Busby Stables. Call Brenda at 
734 6677___________ 
23 
3 yr old White Brahman Cows with 8 calves. 17 - 3 yr old Branqus 
Cows with IO calves 18 • 3 and I yr old Bred Jersey Brahman Cows 
5)2 227 o)51 8 lo 5, Mon to Fn 
4 yr, OH m are bay IS.3 hands 
Hunter lumper $5oo 1-537 489? 
MODEL) I HY 11 
LIST) $3455 w f t Q r 
WITH $495 
DOW N PAYMENT 
28 MPG 
1977 EPA COMBINED ESTIMATE 
RIGHI NOWs U V T - I 
ALL f ACTORY STANDARD 
EQUIPMENT 
1M F 88 plow 6 him $125o. Oliver 3 bim plow $275, M F 3 bim plow 
$275, SOI Ford diesel $785o, SN jFord $1295 648-1131, 656 2678 
!2 DRAG TYPE PLOWS 
I - 2 bol lorn Moboard I - 2 bottom turning plow will sell cheap 
695-9218, 
|69S 32o5________________________ 
E Z 
RAIN 
IRRIG ATION 
SPRINKLER 
I Self Propelled, waters 4oo It by U mile S4Soo. 1-879-2296 Cotulla Tx 
FE E D TRUCK FOR SALE 
Hen j jderson Bulk bog combination bed, ; with everything in lop running condition Call (512) 237-2o55 tor 
Ted Wilson, Manager. __________ j 

 to put 
< the pow er 

WANT-ADS 
| to work 
FOR YOU! 
U H 

MODEL 1XX27 
UST $3783 
WITH $495 

DOWNTOWN PAYMENT 
' 

22 MPG 
1977 EPA COMBINED ESTIMATE 

Alt FACTORY STANDARD 
EQUIPMENT 
SN ond ’ N with new and used im I plements Financing available i 
37o8 S F l o r e s 
___________ 
GOOSENECK 6x18 covered Felps 
(railer SHOO. 626 1544 
Grader Blade, good cond 

Hay Equipment Baler, Mower, co n d itio n er and T ra c to r. '76 
Models Sell I or all Exc Cond 
684-9894._____________ 
CAMARO 
COUPE 
MODS. IHQ87 
UST $4428.45 

RIGHT NOW *399! 
AU FACTORY STANDARD 
EQUIPMENT 

HESTON STACKHAND IO, Like 
New $425o 
THE TORGERSON CO 
533 $145. 739 Sieves 
__ __ 
HIGH CLEARANCE Diesel Tine lors: 57 hp $625o. 3o hp $395o 
Equipped tor front mounted cur tivolors and bedders. DODGEN 
EQ CO., 8223 S. Presa, $32 41 SI 
Sell those Usable household items, stored in your 
G arage or attic, Fast 

— r ' j fe 
WITH $495 
DOWN PAYMENT 
3 
2o MPG 

1977 EPA COMBINED ESTIMATE 

IO hp elec start lawn garden trac tor with mower Used I yr will del 
684-5111 ext 2o2o 
J D 95 com bine, 444-4r corn header, new corn saver pick up attachment, 14 it.grain platform with fing er pick up reel Cab, vat table speed, very good tires, motor com pletely overhauled, machine excellent condition 
J D 66oo corn, g ra in , soybean combine 444 4r.corn header, new corn saver pick up attachemnent. 
Cab, a ir, variable speed, very good tires, motor, and machine excellent condition. 
Phone j 
512 376-4261 ____________________ 
MODEL I AHS 7 
UST $5923.54 

3oo gal Trailer mounted P T O 
Pump driven with hose, head ond spray boom. Bargain at $115o. 
695 89o5; 695 32o5 
____ 
WITH $595 

DOWN PAYMENT 
17 MPG 

1977 EPA COMBINED 

TW O Lines for 5 Days 
Express and New s 
For ONLY $2 oo 

(most item s sell the first 3 days) 

RIGHT NOW i v y } 
AU FACTORY STANDARD 
EQUIP. PLUS ATR CONDJ- 
TION, TINTED GUSS, AND 
WHITE SIDEWALLS 

4o1o: 4o2o JOHN DEERE 
Diesel, 534 6711 
John Deere Model SS Hi Lo Com b in e. 1962 w ith stan d a rd and pickup reels. No. IO Corn header 
$3ooo. 1-484 2145 atter 6 3o 
ESTIMATE 
John Deere Planter, double tool hor. 4 row 484 377o. Poth________ 
LARGE SELECTION of New ond 
Used Ford T racto rs 
E W A LD 
FORD TRACTORS, IM IO H wy 46, 
Seguin, Tx 1-379-4591____________ 
NEW HOLLAND Sell Propelled 
Baler. Needs some repair Gen­ erally good condition. $2995. 
THE TORGERSON Co 
533-5145______________ 73V Sieves 
MODEL IBL69 
LIST $6186 
~ wk- 
’ v.x>. 
WITH $695 

DOWN 

18 MPG 
1977 EPA COMBINED ESTIMATE 

Phelps Deluxe 2-Horse, pa ii de m trailer, like new 344-8o43 
___ 
ROCK P IC K E R , hydraulic con trot lift. 23o1 Nogatitos. 534-67! I 
AU STD. FACTORY EQUIP- 
MENT PLUS 3o5 7-8. AIR 
C O N D I T I O N , TINTED 
GUSS, WHITE SIDEWALLS, 
AND OTHER EXTRAS 

SA CR IFICE: 1oo14 Roosevelt 4 tracto rs: 69 Massey Ferguson 
175, good condition, $55oo; Mas sey Ferguson 18o, good condition, 
$54oo; M ossey Fergu son 65, 
$38oo, John Deere 73o, $38oo Also 
196/ 2o)1 van, 5325o 627 2o88___ 

THE TORGERSON CO 
7 39 Sieves_____________ 533 514 
Call 
225-1666 
I C3 3i , * 
■ ^ 
MO. 

WITH $695 
| 
DOWN PAYMENT = 

CHfVROllT 
BLAZER 
MODEL: CC 1oS 16 
UST: $53oo 

6 G A llis C ham bers, V t yard bucket and dozer, pius brush clamp and back drag attachment 
E x c e lle n t condition, must sell soon Test drive tractor a! Vance 
Jackson at Callaghan Will help finance. 696-833o 
TR E N C H IN G : IOO It - 1o.ooo It w ateriines, and buried cables. 
337 8oo1 8 am 
IO pm___________ 
18 x5’ P h il Lyn e gooseneck tra ile r, full nose cover, brakes both axles, like new, 
$2ooo 
I-/8o-2533.________ 

THE SAN ANTONIO 
EXPRESS NEWS 

ALL factory s ta n d a r d 
EQUIPMENT 
PLUS 
AUX­ 
ILIARY SEAT AND REAR 
SEAT, BODY SIDI MOLD­ 
INGS AND OTHER EXTRAS. 
ALL MONTHLY PAYMENTS BASED ON 48 MONTHS AT 
1o.97 APR WITH DOWN PAYMENT AS SHOWN AND 
QUALIFIED CREDIT. LOCAL TAX & LICENSE NOT IN­ 
CLUDED. 

YOU WILL FIND COMPARABLE TERMS AND SAVINGS ON 
OVER 8oo NEW CARS AND 6oo NEW TRUCKS IN STOCK 
OR ON ORDER. 
THE 
1977 
WORLD 
ALMANAC 
&BOOK 
OF FACTS 
$3.25 

HOURS; 7