Defector tells military secrets 

HAMBURG, West Germany (AP) — 
A Soviet pilot who defected to the 
United States has told of the Russians building phony air bases to fool satel­ lite surveillance while they put the real ones underground. Stern m a g azin e reported Wednesday. 
LU Viktor I. Belenko, who flew his 
MIG25 to Japan last September, was also quoted as telling U.S. intelligence in te rro g a to rs that Soviet m ilita ry authorities are plagued by severe troop morale problems that led to numerous suicides. 
Stem said its information came from a U.S. Central Intelligence Agency report on Belenko and quoted him as saying that so-called “cold belts" are buried in the, ground above the hidden bases to screen them from infrared cam eras which can detect heat from 

 troops and e qu ip m en t. T he b a se s, housing thousands of men, are linked to runways by tunnels as much as 3o miles long. Stern said. 

Coupled with the u n d e rg ro u n d installations are fake air bases above ground with empty buildings and mock planes, designed to mislead Western intelligence. Stern said. It added that since Belenko revealed the existence of the fake bases, 134 of them have been identified in Siberia by Pentagon ex­ perts. most of them near the Chinese border. 

The pilot reportedly told the CIA that every two months 12 m em bers of his unit were flown to temporary duty at one of the decoy air bases to move the aircraft mockups around and simulate activity to fool Chinese air patrols and 

U S. experts studying sa te llite p ic ­ tures. 

Belenko defected to Japan last Sept. 
6. providing Western intelligence of­ ficials with their first close look at the advanced supersonic M1G25. The plane was d ism a n tle d and an a ly z e d by 
American experts before being crated up and handed back to highly p e r ­ turbed Soviet officials. 

In weeks of questioning by the CIA 
Belenko revealed 4.ooo Soviet military secrets that will require the North At­ lantic Treaty Organization to m ake major changes in Western air defense strategy’, the magazine claimed. 

‘ Details included sizes of flight squadrons, positions of underground missiles, command centers and atomic 

 bomb depots, sites of attack and alarm aircraft and secret codes from Belen­ ko’s squadron." the magazine said. 

“ But the questioners w ere really stunned when (Belenko) ... described how brittle the fighting morale of the individual units is and how hard daily life is in general for the Soviet arm y," it added. 

Stern quoted him further as saying there were “ two to five suicide a t ­ tempts per month in our 4o-man bar­ ra c k s d u rin g the gloom y w in te r months." 
“ Bunk neig hbo rs of su ic id e s a u ­ tomatically received seven days con­ finement for failure to provide help. 
With this penalty they tried to force us 

See PILOT, Page ISA 

Enter today—Over $5o,ooo in prizes offered! 
D e t a i l s , c a t . 3 
OOO 

S W E E 

A TRIP FOR TWO TO M EXICO CITY! 
UP TO $1,ooo CASH SUBSCRIBER BO NUSI 

F O R E C A S T 
San Antonio Express 

6 a . m . 
SPORTS 
FINAL 
C loudy, w arm . H igh, mid-7os. Low, low-4os. 

Wednesday’s temperatures in column 2 
Details. Page SB 
Texas’ g re a te s t morning new spaper 
— -------- --- ----- - 
- 
.. i 
, 
.....—.....- ■ 
--—...P—- 
EXCLUSIVE W IRE SERVICES: ASSOCIATED press, n e w y o r k tim es service, w a s h in g t o n POST SERVICE, LOS ANGELES TIMES 
SERVICE, NE W SO AY SERVICE, AGENCE FRANCE PRESSE, MANCHESTER GUARDIAN SERVICE, LONDON TIMES SERVICE 

I 5 * 

Thursday 
M ar. 3, I 9 7 7 J 

O'Brien rips 
NBA lights 

See Page IG 

 am 
Gonzalez resigns as probe chairm an 

U.S. 
Rep. 
H enry B. 
G onzalez 
Wednesday resigned as chairman of the Select Committee on A ssassina­ t e s . 

The congressman, confined to his 
San Antonio home with the flu. cited lack of support from the House lea­ dership. 
Notification of his resignation was sent by Gonzalez in letters dated 
March I to House Speaker Thomas P. 
(Tip) O’Neill and House M ajority 
Leader Jim Wright. 

O'Neill, meanwhile in Washington, said the resignation would have to be considered by the full House, raising the prospect of a divisive floor fight. 
The speaker said lie would not sub­ mit the resignation for a House verdict until lie talked to Gonzalez. 
U.S. Rep. John B. Anderson of Illin­ ois. Republican Conference chairman, added, “ The life of the (assassination) c o m m itte e still hangs by a slim thread." 
Long controversy 

Gonzalez pulled out after nearly a month of controversy with Richard 
S prague, chief counsel to the co m ­ mittee. 
In his letters to the House leader­ ship. Gonzalez said on Feb. 8 Sprague refused to let the com m ittee know which stall positions were least essen­ tial. 
Sprague followed that up, Gonzalez said. “ by convening stall pep rallies generally aimed at maligning me per­ sonally and undermining my authority as chairm an." 
Gonzalez explained since Sprague refused to produce in form atio n on which the committee could make rational budget decisions and pursued a course of action to undermine hun 

See HRG QUITS, Page UA 

UGANDANS FLEEING 
INSANE SLAUGHTER 

Fair weather and clear skies left San Antonio Wednesday, at least for a while, as threatening clouds moved in over the city. 
This shot, from IH 37 at the Commerce Street exit, was taken just 

 as the last rays of sunlight graced the skyline. — Staff Photo by 
H. M. Dean Jr. 
Salinas, wife subpoenaed 

By BILL MINTZ 
Eagle Pass financier Enrique Salin­ as and his wife have been subpoenaed to testify before a federal grand jury probing South Texas hanking irregu­ larities. 
It was the collapse last June of 
Salinas Citizens State Bunk rn Carrizo 
Springs which triggered a massive probe of South Texas banks by state and federal authorities. 
Along with Salinas, the panel has issued subpoenas to Gretchen Salinas and former Citizens State Bank offi- rials U rban Farrow and Jim Bob 
Nance. 
The panel has scheduled a three-day session beginning next Wednesday. 
The grand jury subpoenas do not mean the four witnesses are possible targets of prosecution. 

Hill says more Texas banks hare problems* Tape SA 

The subpoenas only indicate federal prosecutors believe the witnesses can shed light on matters under investiga­ tion 
Shortly after the bank closed last summer, bank examiners revealed that as much as $2 I million worth of loans were made to Salinas, his family and hank officials. 
The investigators reported the hank issued a certificate of deposit lo Mr. and Mrs. Salinas, who pledged it as partial security on a $l(Ml.3(M) Citizens 
Slate loan to Alex Short, a secretary to the family. 

But the examiners reported Salinas used the certificate to get a loan from another hank 
In a congressional subcom m ittee hearing held here in December. Nance testified loans made to members of a previous group of hank owners placed 
Citizens State in a d i p te r o u s situa­ tion 
Nance is a former executive vice president of the hank. 
He identified the previous ownership group as Dr. Jam e s Batterie, Hon 
Bramble, Willard Merlz and William 
Harris. 
, 

He testified loans were made to members of the ownership group and to members of their families. 
Salinas told the committee he lost $3 million to $4 million when the bank was closed by the state hanking com­ missioner. 
The examiners said they traced the money and found it went to Salinas’ 
Bonsai Corp. 
The exam iners said Salinas told them lie would repay the loans himself. 
The hank examiners also reported a 
887.abn loan to F arrow . who at the time was a director of Citizens State 
Federal sources indicate the grand jury probably will not conclude its investigation next week. 

I Q S A N G E L E S TIMES SERVICE 
NAIROBI, Kenya — P resid en t Idi 
Amin s security forces swept through the Ugandan countryside Wednesday, k s y s te m a tic a lly sla y in g L ango and * 
Acholi trib e s m e n in a sc o u rg e a p ­ p ro a c h in g g e n o c id e , a c c o rd in g to ™ 
Ugandans fleeting across the border. 
T he re fu g e e a c c o u n ts w ere con- l l firmed by Western intelligence sources | and, in some cases, by telephone in- | terv iew s with foreign d iplom ats in I 
Kampala. 
T hey said a 5,ooo-man “ d e a th I 
'squad” is conducting a door-to-door ■ search for intended victims in some I parts of Uganda, particularly in the B f northern areas native to the two tribes. I 
In Kampala, they said, all govern- I ment ministries were following Amin’s I orders to compile lists of Lango and 
Acholi civil servants, M akerere Uni* I versify was being purged of professors I and students belonging to the tribes, I and all foreign telephone links were I being tapped. 
The refugees telling of the organized massacre, including two former close advisers to Amin and other senior go­ vernment officials, were either Acholi or Lango. Som e said they w ere eyewitnesses to m urders 
All available accounts said Amin’s security forces were running amok in the northern provinces, killing and lmittng at will. 
The 5oo-house Acholi v illag e of 
.Akoro — the home of tonner President 
Milton Obote, overthrown by Amin rn 
1971 — was reported burned to the ground last week and every Bereon in it. including women and c h ild re n , killed. 
Marked for death 
One senior government official, an 
Acholi and one-time confidant of Amin. escaped to Kenya Wednesday and told of his last week in Uganda. Knowing he was marked for death, he slept in a different bed each night, hid in g a r­ ages by day and dressed like a peasant to avoid recognition. 
“ Amin is destroying in a few days what it took Uganda 8o years to build," the official said “ But everyone, even the ministers who recognize the m ad­ ness that is going on, is too scared to do 

See BLOOD BATH. Page ISA 

(GOOD morning 
V i 
- 

I n d e x 

Action E xpress................. 
HF 
A rts...................................................MI 
Astrology 
............... 
IE 
Bridge 
....................... 
2E 
Business. F in an ce........................ II 
Cattle H a lter 
................. l f i B illie s 
..................................IE 
Crossword P u zzle. 
IE 
D ea th s........................................... 
7f 
Editorials. ..................... 
UA 
Food Pages 
............... IJD 
M a r k e ts..................................... a-7f 
N ew sm ak ers...,...........................JA berne, 
................. l-7t 
Sports............. 
I-HG 
T elevision 
................... JE 
T h e a te r s....................... 
ITB 
Ham \d s ................... 
U M 
Heather 
................. all 

 t o t I MNISlS 
Jack Vndn sou ............ 
2A 
Ann l a n d e r s . . . ...................... It 
Barry Robinson ........... 
It* 
Buddy Stinson ................. 
IV 
Dr. Oro I hosteson . . . . . . . . . . . 21 

( J i u e k l e 
J 
81 to vie for jobs on Council 

A sure sign ut bureaucracy is when the first person wilt) answers tile plume can t help you 

W E D N E S D A Y S T E M P E R A T U R VS 

 tom 

111 TH YEAR 

N O 98 
88 P A G E S 

TELEPHONES 

DI D YCll h N O H ll von receive hmm* delivery ttfih* I 
Express News ll mort will bring you the exerting New 
14 ii per month I all TJA-7411 for (tromp! delivery 
Uh Ti 

By JAMES Met KOBY 
A record SI San Antonio citizens have answered the call to public ser­ vice and signed on as candidates for the ( tty f ound! iii the April 2 election. 
Nine candidates filed Wednesday us the filing deadline wound down at 4:3o p rn. and City Clerk Garland Jackson closed the door on filing 
The previous record high for number of c a n d i d a t e s cam e iii 1973, with 82 candidates t a k i n g th e p l u n g e into city politics. 

Iii the last council races, in 1973, 53 candidates came forward 
Nine candidates flied for mayor, eight of them hoping to unseat Mayor 
Lila Cockrell and the mayor deter* mined to win her second term as head of the city 
Councilman Henry ( isneros n e a r l y got by w i t h o u t opposition in District I. but on the last day two opponents stir* faced That t h r e e - m a n race will Im* the smallest iii t h e election 
Ten candidates signed up for District 
Sunday is TUE day 

Headers of the Express and The 
News can In* lucky winners in the big 
SMI INN! Sweepstakes *77 with extra bonus prizes Sunday. 
Sunday s 
E x p re ss-N e w s number wilt lie worth a 25*iue color television with remoU and a new Litton Memory ii crow ave oven 
It the lucky w toner I 
I***!ii of the daily |tapers IMH) to i will Im* awarded as .toolhot Umu you sultscflbc lo mu* ut the dallies, will Im* awarded 

 loin us 
Quasar control tic UH* 

•uhsi rib* I to 

 plus latin Iii cash oi the papers, lf pu(MTs, you win p lu s l l (NHI 

Also, the 
Number Ip prizes phi! 

 vweepstuk' ll 14 will b ll th 

 number that Sunday will receive a trip tor two to Mexico I tty ll you subscribe to one you subscribe to SmiUi the trip lo Mexico < st? 
So ll you subscribe aud huve the tile k> Sa 
Bonus Number April 
( ( ‘IVC l l (MHI iii p rize s, 
I tty lot' two and Kl number 
All nut the form 
(de , 
Will 
Fe 

 tu tx ccpsti lf, ye a trio 

2. where Councilman Claude Blaik is stepping down after two term s All eight other m em bers ut the present council arc running again 
District 3 drew IU candidates also, with incumbent councilman Boh Billa seeking re-election in District 4 ni n e candidates have filed, and that race is marked by the absence al any incum­ bent. 
Fight candidate!! filed in District 3, another district in which there is no incumbent running In District 8, IU candidates will be on the ballot, in­ cluding incumbent 
Councilman 
Al 
Rohde, who moved into the district to make the race 
Seven candidates are flied in District 
7, and they include incumbent Richard 
Temente Tcmente was on hand as flu* filing closed Wednesday evening ex­ plaining he wanted to look at the list of oilier councilmen with whom he will tx* 
■»**t’v mg Ins next term. 

S ix r a n d id a lr s 

 nu* 

*ls awarded gift ct it if ba hauls who a 
E xpress or I 

IO, there are five candidates, none ct them an incumbent. 
The candidates come in all sizes. 
See CANDIDATES*. Rage UA 

(aas p la n v o te d u e to d a y 

I tty Council lakes up thursday a resolution lo settle out ut court a suit against the city's gas supplier amid predictions that it will pass. 

I ouncihuan Glen ital titian said 
Hednesday that two very precise conditions m ust Ive met; I ouncil declarations to establish a new rate that wiii lower gas bitts during the winter, and to make sure that *san 
Antonio becomes headquarters tor a new com pan v that will be created bv trill? lite Bt 
* 

I itv public set vice board Mondos appioved the settlement with Lo 
A at a (lathering • o and lls part-fit organization 
I Basial Hiatus Gas 

I OI |l 

S A N A N T O N I O EXPRESS-— Thursday March 3 1977 
Angry streaker stripped o f slapstick charge 

A streaker s sly try to strike back against a slap on the backside struck nut Wednesday. 
It all beguin at the e-nd of a long, hot afternoon at a cricket game in 
Auckland. New Zealand. 
Australian cricket captain 
Greg 

( happen was ready when the third streaker of the day bounded across the field during a match last Satur­ day. 
A fluid, wristy slash of the bat across the naked runner's backside sent him scampering for the stands 

Wednesday the Auckland assis­ tant police commissioner ruled 
( happen had played a fair stroke and refused to prosecute him for assault. 
Streaker Leonard McCauley. 23. was fined for disorderly behavior — 

* 

' B l u e Eyes' dubs 

 ne ie tooth fairy 

F*resldent Carter has gained a new nickname from singer Frank 
Sinatra. 

At a sell-out chanty concert in 
London’s Royal Albert Hall. Sinatra let the audience, which included 
Princess Margaret, in on his latest nickname for Carter. 

Sinatra said. “ I bring regards from the Colonies and from our 
President — the tooth fairy.” 
Beer baron’s son sentenced 
Peter Busch. 21, son of the heat/ of Anheuser-Busch Inc., has been sentenced to five years probation in connection with the shooting death last year of David Leekcr. 23 
Leeker was shot in the face and killed Feb. IO. 1976. while he was an overnight guest at the Busch man­ sion in Clayton, Mo. 
The elder Leeker is president of the So Good Potato Chip Co. 
One provision in Busch's proba­ 

 tion stipulates that he must not be permitted to handle fire-arms dur­ ing the five-year period. 
Busch, whose father is 
August 
Busch Jr.. board chairman of the brewing company, said the shooting was accidental and later pleaded guilty to manslaughter. 
The suspended sentence and pro­ bation was handed down by St. 
Louis County Circuit Judge Harry 
Stussie. 

Soviet dancer Rudolph Nur- eyev talks with another dancer, Carmen De Lavallade, at a party in N e w York after his opening at the Uris Theatre. 
Miss De Lavallade is not in the show but cam e to help Nur- eyev celebrate. 

 before 2o.ooo people at the cricket ground and a television audience — and counter-complained against 
Chappell’s “leg-drive." 
Assistant commissioner 
J. W. 
(Merton ruled there were insuffi­ cient grounds to prosecute. 
High thief takes man’s ogle aid 

Roanoke Va., police are looking for a burglar who might best be described as a lOth-story man. 

The thief climbed 15o feet Monday night to the top of a T-erane at the building site of a 1o-story parking garage, police said, then broke into the crane operator's control gondo­ la. 

Operator Mike Young. 25, said the burglar took his binoculars and a stereo tape player. 
Young said he kept the binoculars on hand “for checking out women." 
Down, but not out 

Trumpeter 
Danny Davis per­ formed from a wheelchair at a concert Wednesday night in Plant 
City, Fla. 

Davis, leader of the band. “The 
Nashville Brass," was released from the hospital Saturday after undergoing a hernia operation. 

Hughes flaunted wealth to win foreign favors 

WASHINGTON — The late Howard Hughes, on the run from a tax investigation in the United States, used his enormous wealth to court landlords abroad. 

SS benefits ruled unfair 

LOS ANGUIS ’ IMIS S o v ie t 
W ASHING TO N - The Su­ preme Court declared Wednes­ day that it was unconstitutional tn treat men differently from women in granting survivors retirement benefits under Social 
Security. 
In a 5-to-4 decision, the court struck down a law that provided benefits au­ tomatically to aged widows — regard­ less of their dependency — but re­ 

 quired widowers seeking benefits to prove that at least half their support had come from their deceased wives. 
Tile majority concluded this was sex discrimination. But the five justices couldn’t agree among them selves whether it was discrimination against men ne discrimination against women. 
In an.' event, said the majority, the law s distinction between men and women claimants was based on ‘‘ar­ chaic and overbroad generalizations" and "old notions" that women were more economically dependent than 

 another 

 danish 

 import 

6951 Son Ptdro, residential 344-2338, commercial 341-1691 

 men. 
The four dissenting justices con­ tended there was nothing wrong with a law that favored w idows and cited data to show married women were far more likely to be dependent than married men. 
Defeat 
The decision was a defeat for the 
Department of Health, Education and 
Welfare. It had warned that if the law was overturned it could raise Social 
Security costs by $447 million annual­ ly. 
In arguments before the court, a go­ vernment attorney had charged that the widower who brought the case was trying to "ride the skirtlails" of the women’s rights movement. 
The ruling was another in a series of recent decisions by the justices that has steadily narrowed the permissible limits of laws based oil sex distinc­ tions. 
Earlier this term, the court struck down an Oklahoma law that permitted women to buy beer at age 18 but made men wait until they were 21. 
In 1975. it invalidated a law provid­ ing Social Security survivors benefits to women with children but not to men. 
And in 1973. it struck down a federal law requiring female members of the armed services prove their husband s dependency in order to receive a dependency allowance that male ser­ vice members drew automatically for their wives. 
Impact 
The court’s decision Wednesday, authorities agreed, is likely to have significant impact on the Social Se­ curity system. 
HEW. in its brief to the eourt. noted that an identical provision requiring men to prove dependency for hus­ band's retirement insurance benefits 

 under Social Security already had been held unconstitutional in other cases decided in lower courts. Presumably, the court's decision 
Wednesday upholds those rulings. 
It is changes in both the husband's and widower s benefits plans that could cost up to $447 million a year, according to HIM. 
An expert on Social Security, Dr. 
Rita Ricardo Campbell of the Hoover 
Institution at Stanford University, predicted Weednesday there would be 
"extraordinary expense" if men from now on are automatically granted the benefits women are receiving. 
Dr. Cam pbell, a m em ber of the 
Quadrennial Advisory Council on 
Social Security, also said that if the government instead decides to make women prove dependency like men there would be "administrative ha­ voc.” 
The best solution, she said, might be to phase out both the spouses’ and the widows’ and widowers' benefits pro­ grams over a long period of time. 

First, he flew to the Bahamas where he dangled the dollars in front of 
Prime Minister Lynden Pindling. The billionaire offered to bail out a bank­ rupt hotel and operate it as a luxury casino in the Bahamas. As part of the deal, he spoke of "financial support" for the prime minister. 
This reference in the secret Hughes papers indicates that the money would go to Pindling personally. But spokes­ man for both the Pindling government and the Hughes organization vigorous­ ly denied it. 
Any such otter, they said. must have meant “ financial support" for the Ba­ hamas. not Pindling personally. They point out that, in any case. Hughes never opened the casino. 
Pot bellied controler 
Hughes’ next home away from home was Managua. Nicaragua, which is the fiefdom of A nabasin Somoza. The pot-bellied ruler controls every prof itablc industry in his tiny nation, from cattle farms and hotels to laundromats and houses of prostitution. 
He has an interest in the shoe fac­ tories. the cigarette companies, even the parking meters. The Somoza fa­ mily has acquired just about half the country’s private property. 
Hughes offered to help the Big 
Banana save another of his pet busi­ nesses, Nicaragua's national airline. A secret memo, outlining the airline deal, reminded Hughes pointedly: 
“ Nicaragua could be your alternate home." 
All Somoza would require, the memo suggested, would be "a 12-hour no­ tice." 
_ 
The late tycoon never made it as fur as Costa Rica. But 
President Jose Figueres, who was reported to be having personal financial diffi­ culties, was attracted to someone solvent. 
Early in 1974, he invited the financial fugitive Robert Ves- — ——— co to hide out in Costa Rica. Of course. cl Presidente expected Vesco to bring his ill-gotten millions along with him. 
F igueres also began to feel the same strange attraction for Hughes. 
On March 4. 1974. Figueres wrote to the recluse oil presidential stationery. 
"I have read about you.” he began. "I know you have no problem of residence iii any country at this time, but nevertheless. I want to offer you the hospitality of Costa Rica. 
Freedom with security 
"Our country offers a wholesome climate and a great deal of individual freedom with security.” The letter was delivered to Hughes, along with a me­ mo from his attorney, Chester Davis, pointing out that Vesco had already 
Biochem ist seeks key to longer life 

ASSOCIAHD MISS 
NORMAL. III. - How about living an active, normal life into your 8os and 9os? 

An Illinois State University bioche­ mist says he's trying to unlock some of the secrets of aging with just that thought in mind. 

2 7 8 Co»orv in 6 S trw nd ^ tm b fO .d erv Thread • Picture F ram e s • In stru c tio n B o o k s • K m t t m q Y arn 

 needleorts & crofts ma# 
L-mintm* * §» 
SPRING SA 

6o(Mt. Cone 
ACRYLIC MACRAME CORD 

21 6 feet 
POLY CABLE CORD 

R e g . $ 8 . 9 9 

Court denies 
Bell rate hike request 

Reg- * ? 4 99 NOW $|Q88| 
HARDWOOD 
TAPESTRY FRAME 

C O N V E R T S F R O M F L O O R 
M O D E L T O L A P M O D E L ' 
PILLOWS TO NEEDLEPOINT 
4 p i SIGNS TO CMOffcsi f ROA. 
> 
C A Q Q i n o m ! s V I O L I i ‘. 
1 
NOW 
‘ o 

A L L S I Z E S 
S T R E T C H E R S T R I P S 

O N L Y 9 9 $ P A , R 

D M C 
6 S T R A N D 

 e m b r o i d e r y 
T H R E A D 

D M C 
T A P E S T R Y Y A R N 

% 
2 4 < 

A S S O R T E D W O O D E N 
B A G H A N D L E S 

$ 2 *7 9 
N o W * 1 M 

R e g 

,# t n o v v 1 4 < 
S A Y E L L E Y A R N 

S M 9 
N( 
9 8 $ 

 o r r u t s g o o d a r m c u n tat I S t o o l s ANO P A R I it.it ATING Of A l i R S IMMU 

WOODEN 
MACRAME 
BEADS M 

I 7 ti 
NOW 

* B flB H IIi 

Mot AR THUR PLAZA 
H JS MACOGOOOm n o s SAN PEDRO AVE. 
PHOM M4 IoSI 
Mm mi Ikwi t IM N 
'#•* UNM, hi I tat I l f it a l t 
Im *, to * . In A to 

ISO WONDERLAND 
VMOPPWO MAU 
P*o*f; J U m f 
Urn hi IM ta* IM 

Clew*#' • N##e ti a Orm i , m r u t u i . 1 

AUSTIN, Tex. (AP) — 
The 
Texas 
Supreme 
Court refused Wednesday to let Soul ll western Bell 
Telephone Co. impose temporarily the $298.3 million rate increase denied It by the Texas 
Public 
Utility 
Commission. 
Bell had proposed to post a boud guaranteeing repayment of the rates charged if it lost its ap­ peal of the commission order granting only $57 8 million in increases. 
Hallelujah 
"My one-line comment on the court s action is. 
‘Hallelujah.’" said Att). 
Gen John Hill, who had opposed Bell's request. 
John Dee Lawrence, a lawyer for Bell, issued a statement saying (lie firm was “disappointed" about the decision and said the matter will in* pursued in slate district court at Austin. 
Disappointed 
"We are disappointed that (he Supreme Court 
I did not chooM* to rule on 
I important issues that will 
IHA go away aud that must be laved at s o m e point in tin* future " la»w relict* said 
I hose q u e s tio n s bear directly on tin nlahiv ot 
Texas u tilitie s un helm.} 
Southwestern Bet! to 

I cornuto* prov Ming quail 
Iv Utility serv lee til th e 

"The increased reven­ ues ordered by the Public 
Utility Commission for 
Southwestern Bell arc not sufficient and arc confiscatory , in our opin­ ion. Therefore, we will continue to pursue all legal avenues available to us because our need for additional revenues is real.” lie added. 

Appeal 

The telephone c o m ­ pany’s appeal of the com m ission order is pending before sta le 
District (ourt Judge 
James Meyers of Austin, ulio had refused to give 
Bell any temporary relief 
Bell asked the supreme court to command 
Meyers to grant a tem ­ porary restraining order and to hold an immediate hearing on a temporary injunction 
The request was denied w it boul comment 
Hie eourt did nut issue an opinion on a major question of law raised by 
Bell aud iii six fi tend ut tin* eourt briefs, includ­ ing those flied bv Lone star Gas. General Tele* phone and Dallas Power 
A Light. 
Meyers had ruled tie could co n si de i only w (tether lh** commission acted i ii a ccord an ce with the evidence ii received 
In more titan a mouth of 

Dr. Arian C. Richardson. 35. said that so far medicine has been able to prolong life, but hasn’t always been successful in prolonging a lift* worth liv tug. 
"Medicine," he said, "has not treat­ ed aging, but merely its symptoms. In many cases, death is only postponed to permit an extended period of misery and dependency at tilt* end of a per­ son s life." 

Grant 

Richardson has a $1oo.IHM) grant from the National Institute on Aging to con­ tinue Ins studies lit* said Wednesday he Iio|k*s lo Ik* able lo treat aging as any disease is treated — so it eau In* retarded. 
"Aging is not lilt* passage of time. 
Aging is due to something that hap­ pens during that passage of time." he said. 
Richardson noted that protein is an essential ingredient iii all 
UR* processes aud that aging is caused by a decrease in the manufacture of protein in the cell as it gels older. 
He said he believes the decrease in protein synthesis may stem from a decrease iii the amount of messenger ribonucleic acid (inRNA) produced as j cell gets older. The m olecule. inRNA. directs the synthesis of protein 
III tile cell 

 in RN A 

“We are trying to find uut how lo prevent a decrease iii mKNA. or how to increase it," said Richardson. "We think our research is the first on record lo explore the link between decreased protein synthesis and decreased mKNA in the cell. ll could begin to unl<H*k the secrets of aging." 
Richardson also mentioned a theory that aging may In* built into each ceil as a part of its genetic code "It may be that organisms are genetically pro­ grammed lo self destruct over lune," lie said "Our research may lead to an understanding of such an aging code*’ aud lo ways that it can in* altered lo prolong active life." 

Maximum 

The ll wing iv 
Even ' 

I iscose 
> til not 
"If a iddcd ret to n a n ip u l 

 laxtmum lifespan ol a human up to about HU years, lie said 
I lien l ures ore found for heart aud earner, (hat outside limit be affected 
Bug research succeeds, he tut Ii* chuuj 
I l i o n 

 itself. 
Hoi. i 

 lid 
RH 

 made the move from the Bahamas to 
Costa Rica. 
But Hughes remained in the Baha­ mas where lie apparently received en­ couragement from Prim e Minister 
Pindling. The secret Hughes papers contain several references to Pindling familiarly as the I'M. 
An Aug. H. 1974. letter from Hughes to Davis finally got down to cases. 
“Regarding the Honorable PM,” wrote 
Hughes. "I truly admire his courage and the actions lie has been brave en­ ough to lake." 
Presumably, this was a reference to 
Pindling’s favorable attitude toward 
Hughes and his projects. 
"I urge you to tell him this,” Hughes instructed his attorney. "I would like to be of assistance. The question is: 
Flow much assistance does he need and how quickly? 
"It is very obvious to me, and I say again that he has been very coura­ geous, and we both know this costs 

7 would like to be o f assistance. 
The question is: How much as- sistance does he (the Bahamas prime minster) need and how quick Ivy' 

 money, or credit, or financial support in one way or another. I repeat, how much of this does he need and on what kind of time schedule?" 
The secret papers indicate that Pin- dling was willing to deal with Hughes, but the negotiations eventually broke dew n. 
The phantom industrialist next ap­ peared in Nicaragua, where he set up housekeeping on an entire hotel floor provided bv Somoza. Later. Hughes moved into Somoza s private head­ quarters. 

Strong cash bond 
The billionaire reciprocated for this roy al treatment in cold cash, buying 25 per cent of Somoza’s airline. When 
Somoza sought more financial support from Hughes, it merely strengthened the bond between them. 
A top Hughes aide wrote warmly: 
“ Meeting with Somoza. invite him as 
H.K.H.'s guest to Las Vegas or any other big city in the U.S. Fly him in an exec. type jet." 
Unhappily. Somoza was losing mon­ ey «>n his airline, which was paying 
$65,UUU a mouth on a British loan. 
Hughes was informed. 
But the men around Hughes found 
Somoza to be their kind of dictator. 
"Somoza is a benevolent dictator, and he is still the most popular ruler in 
Latin A m erica." a top aide wrote glowingly to Hughes. "He has excel­ lent connections in the United Stales on both sides — Democratic and Republi­ can.’' 
B the higher Som oza’s airliners soared, the lower the profits plunged. 
To intice more cash from Hughes. 
Sonioza offered him an interest in a plywood factory, pharmaceutical plant or real estate. 
Asked for too much 
Soinoza s requests placed a strain on the friendship between the dictator and the billionaire. 
“ The General (Somoza) called to- day. and I did not take the cull.’* an aide reported. “ He obviously wants to know your reaction to our meeting. 
"Since lie feels he is in deep finan­ cial trouble vv uh (the airline) — do you want to bail out and forefeight (sic) your stock? Are you interested iii helping him financially save the airline?" 
As a refuge lur billionaires, banana republics can Ik* expensive. 

Fit Marines back in class 
Sixteen Marines who ran around ll MIU were all buck iii class Wednes­ day . 
Tile Marines, all officer candidates. made their B3-i»ule run Tuesday to salute San Antonio's sup|>orl of the 
U S Marine ( orps 
Cap!. John Osborne said. "All IB wert* back i i i t lit*ir classroom s 
Wednesday, lf they were tired, they didn t show it," 
IB — including one woman — air receiving officer training while unending local colleges and univer­ sities. 
The Murine runners started ai 7 41 i i i 
I Uesda.v ut the lit Quinta Airport 
Motor inn aud circled III HU. then ran daw ti Mel nllough Avenue lo meet 
Mayor Lila Cockrell al City Hall. 
Tilt* Marines, running iii three-mtlc shifts, made the run iii eight hours aud 
15 intitules 
We could have made it 
•Molter, 
(apt Ot borne said. "but we had an appointment with the mayor at iii am) dtdn t want lo Lh* early." 
Marine group presented the a l s Marine ( orps flag and a ut recognition ui homo of batt to s patriotic support and loyalty 
(or tvs, i apt Osborne said 

 w ill be sub- git genetic vet do u the max war*, or 

3 15 p 
The may o1 letter 
Anton tu the 

M u s t 

Hill says more 
Texas banks have problem s 

SAN ANTONIO EXPRESS— Thursday March 3 I 977 
3 -A 

ATTY. GEN. JOHN HILL 
. . . w a n ts m ore controls 

By UK K MKKKKL 
CHIEF, EXPRESS CAPITOL BUREAU 

AUSTIN — Texas Atty. den. John 
Hill told a House com m ittee here 
Wednesday conditions which led to the collapse of Citizens State Bank of 
Carrizo Springs currently exist in several other Texas banks. 

Hill testified before the House Com­ mittee on Financial Institutions in fa­ vor of HB1212 by Rep. Ruben Torres of 
Brow ns\ ilk*. 
Torres' bill would require approval by the Texas Banking Commissioner before a state bank could be sold or controling interest acquired by any group or individual. 

* 

G erald o Rivera reveals for the first time: 

The death wish of 
Freddie Prinze 

 in your big 

Sunday Express-News 
Muniz sentenced to five-year prison term 

By BILL MINTZ 
Two-time Texas .gubernatorial hopeful Ram sey Muniz was sen­ tenced Wednesday to five years 
, in federal prison for his role in a conspiracy to import 832 pounds 
'.'of m arijuana into the I’.S. 
C S. Bist. Judge John ll Wood Jr. added a lU-year special parole term to the maximum prison sentence. 
Muniz's legal problems arc far from 
,. Saver. 
• • 1 
Ile is scheduled to appear iii federal 
.icourt in Corpus Christi Monday on a docket call for an 11-count marijuana c onspiracy in d ic tm e n t and a bond jumping charge. 
First indictment 

Ile was first indicted on the m a ri­ juana charges iii Corpus Christi in July and the San Antonio federal grand jury ch a rg e d him with conspiracy while he was on bond in November. 
When he failed to appear for a docket call in Corpus Christi a grand jury there added the bond jumping charge. 
Mexican officials a p p r e h e n d e d 
Muniz iii that country and turned him over to I .S. officials Christmas Day at 
„ the International Bridge in Laredo 
The Baylor Law School (Iraduate pleaded guilty to the San Antonio con­ spiracy charge Feb. 2. 
During the sentencing proceedings. 
Judge Wood apparently forgot to give 
Muniz or his lawyer an opportunity to address the judge 
Rohde backs better jobs for wom en 

Councilman Al Rohde said Wednes­ day lie will s u p p o r t p rogram s for better jobs fur San Antonio women. mo Especially those from District ti 
Rohde spoke to lim members of the 
NCO Lackland Wives club Wednesday evening about the role of women iii society. 
•I'm confident t h a t women guide the destiny of mankind, iii the home, iii the 
. schools, iii the churches, even iii major 

 p a r t s of our government.” the colin- ciliium said. 
Rohde added. "The time is here I hat women m u s t be given more dignity, the hope. spirit and the help to make lite better in our community 

C l i i l > t o n o m i n a t e 

SPECIAL IO IHI t ARRE SS 

SMITHSON VALLEY — Officers of 
Hie* Smithson Valley High School Ath­ letic Booster Club for the next school year will he nominated at the club's business meeting at 7:iii• p.m. Munday 

 iii th e school cafeteria. 

Ju d g e Wood asked Muniz it he 
•wanted to speak after the proceedings as Muniz was led from court by I S 
Marshals. 
‘Forget it’ 
Bul Muniz, said only. "Forget it. in a low voice. 
Four of Muniz s co-defendants were also se n te n c e d by 
J u d g e 
Wood 
Wednesday. 
Humberto Garza. David Hernandez and Domingo T o rre s also received five-year prison terms. 
Hernandez received a five-year spe­ cial parole term while Humberto Gar­ za and Torres received 1o-year special parole periods 
Joe Garza of San Antonio, the only defendant who had a jury trial, was sentenced to six years in prison and received a four-year special parole term. 
M u m / was the Ruza Cnida parly candidate for governor iii 1972 and 
1974 
I ii 1974. he garnered about 2oo.ooo votes — his best showing. 
RAM SEY M U N IZ 
. . . tro u b le s no! o v e r 
•et 
Eight more jail guards to face polygraph tests 

Hill told the panel "insider transac­ tions, mismanagement and acquisition of the bank which was deterimental to the bank and the public” led to Citi­ zens State Bank's June 28. 197o col­ lapse. 

Not unique 

"U nfortunately, our investigation has revealed the situation at tile Citi­ zens State Bank was not unique. Simi­ lar conditions exist in several other 
Texas banks.” Hill said. 

Alter traeing the history of Citizen's elosing and the lengthy court action which followed. Hill said "the closing of any bank not only creates unneces­ sary h ard sh ip s for the public, but further diminishes public confidence 

 iii our state banking system. 

"This situation is exacerbated when bauk regulatory authorities are unable to immediately pay off the bank's de­ positors. 

"The litigation also caused public monies to be frozen in the bank (Citi­ zens State), which resulted in the ina­ bility of governmental units to meet their obligations, including the pay­ ment of employes' salaries.” 

‘Rent-a-bank’ 

Hill said the Citizens State Bank ease 
" w a s my introduction to what has be­ come known as the Texas Rent-A- 
Bank Scandal."' 
Based on the Citizens State Bank in­ vestigation. Hill told the panel "there is a pressing need for effective legis­ lation to provide the slate Banking 
Department with the power to review and pass on changes in tin* ownership of state banks. 
" At a minimum,” he said. "a person acquiring control of an existing state bank should be subject to essen­ tially the same requirements as lo fin­ ancial stalkily and managerial ability as provided for applicants tot new bank charters. 

Regulate 

"Such a statute must have effective provisions to permit the Bunking De­ partm ent to effectively regulate ae* quistion by persons more interested in speculation than banking.” 

Hill said IIB1212 "should effectively protect the public against the kind of abuses revealed at Carrizo Springs and' promote the public’s confidence in the banking industry." 

The bill was referred to subcell)- uittee. 

By MARK VILLANUEVA 
S h e riff's in v e stig a to r s said 
Wednesday eight more Bexar County 
Jail guards will be given polygraph examinations in connection with the death of an inmate. 
Four guards were given examina­ tions in Austin Monday. Results of H ie* examinations are being awaited by the sheriff's departm ent. Chief Deputy 
Sheriff Rudy Garza said 
The eight guards will be examined within the next two weeks, sheriff s investigation Ll Kenneth Billian/ said 
Wednesday. 
Unhurt/ said the additional eight guards had been originally scheduled to Im* given |M*ly graph examinations iii connection with Hit* death of inmate lull prisoner Juan Zepeda, 42. of 122 
Morrow St 
Death 

Zepeda w a s found dead in b i s one- man. fourth-floor cell Feb. 2o about 
4 2o a.m.. authorities s a i d . 
Medical Examiner Dr. RuIkii Santos has ruled homicide iii the mail s death ami s a i d the death w a s caused by 
"hemmorhugc due to blunt force to tin* abdomen." 
" T h e s e eight g u a r d s were also scheduled to be e x a ­ mined regardless of the results of the first four guards," Billian/ said. 

865o B andera Bood st. A u s tin * (Carp#*) 
G R A S S . . fUU PAUST . 
USS THAN a fUU PAUST . . 
FVOeATAM 
Fun FUUl 
MEI THAM * FUU Olllt . . , 
LIV8 OAK TAIBL s tftpis ttwA •«• * *«* * m * * 

. . B 
3 \ , 4 

, , . . .ST ( I* yi 
1 . 3 9 
,4 
I A P . , ,4 

' U S mFm 

TRIES 
SHRUBS 
PLANTS 
SEEDS 

Coot# Vin! Our Co mph tm 6 
Avra 
Gat chn 
Cit Mw mith everyday f AWM TO TOU * 
H I * PJM 
PfttCfS And SA V t" 
Si CNKA I % 
OMN Daily 1-7 PM. 
6 8 4 .2 1 1 o 

Billian/ said he hopes to have four g u a r d s scheduled for polygraph examinations next week and the other four guards the following Wi*t*k 

" T h e e x a m in e r* can only examine four at a lulu*.'' he said 

Meanwhile 
(onto Police 
I Viers sa nj un un est lu 

 san 
I‘Hie! 
W e d i t 
Ut to il 

Xii 
I K 
•sduy 
(lur mg Un* limo Zepeda was 

IU custody ot po!Ice* otli eel s is continuing 

The homicide and internal d i v i s i o n s of SAHD are conducting un investiga­ tion iii connection with the p r i s o n e r s death. 

The investigation of SAFI) extends from tin* time Zepeda was arrested by police until he was turned over to the custody of county guards at the jail. 
Peters said 

The sheriffs department investiga­ tion includes from the time Zepeda was turnip over lo county custody until he was found dead rn Ins t ell Billian/ said. 
He also said a jail inmate who alle­ gedly saw Zepeda being beaten in his cell has not been questioned by San 
Antonio police investigators 
"That w a s iii the county's realm of the investigation.” Peters said 
The inmate has given a statement to sheriff’s investigators, according to 
Billian/. 
Statement 
Iii the statement, the inmate alleges in* saw four guards haul Zepeda lo the cell and forcibly throw Zepeda into the cell "like a bag of salt. 
However, lie bus identified two dif­ ferent guards as tieing one of the four guards during separate interviews last week. Billian/ said. 
The inmate also has identified one guard in both sessions but jail logs indicate the guard left the jail about half an hour before Zepeda was booked at H JO p.m. Feb. 19 
Jail records also indicate the inmate was iii a different cell at least one bour before Zepeda was brought tit. Billian/ said. The inmate, however, claims in* was transferred lo another et* 11 after 
Zepeda was brought to Jail 
Zepeda was lodgi*d in the jail about 
8 lo p in. after lM*ing arrested al a dis­ turbance alum! 7 4o p.til Feb 19. |m»- lice said 
Ucording to polite reports, Zepeda was arrested at a bar ut (lie lion b l o c k of Nagalltos street 
Zepeda was reportedly struck with blackjacks aller he s t r u g g l e d with two policemen at the scene, oil leers said 
However, Dr 
S a n t o s said la s t wi*ek 
Zepeda died at about I a lit Feb 2o or 
"very shortly alter he was struck 

Qr\t; K ir's ti* tfioound IM M ) oetw enn 
D ory R o o d and Wcifttn Sire e * will oe cloned n o m 4 o tv> lo J c rn , w eotS cr o*r m atin g . t ne Eov*cr Rood e n d u e o v er in IO e a st o* Scio 
Antonio IS Closed 
NorltiDOuod and voutf’DOund lories on ZorjQ >r*or a 
Street betw een N ew t o - e d o M iy b w a v a n d C l i 
U-nmat Street will De c o . e d 
S o u th b o u n d traft.c wmI detour o* Centennial to the so u th b o u n d lon e or. 
L a re d o H *o n way, 
N o r t h b o u n d tra ttic o n V o r * u •' I B o u l e v a r d betw een A sh le y a n d A n sle y stre e ts w in ne de toured 
Trattic Wi l l tu rn on A sh le y Street east to 
P t e o s o n lo u R o o d a n d then n o r " ' s o u th b o u n d tra*tic wdl re m a in on M a r san d 
The detour will re m o ld 'n et tee* tor b vt A i« » s 
O n the w est side of Son P e d ro A v e n u e son teener R o o d win be ooen out Q b iote Of i 
UC* C*U-SlNdf 
AID 

'She was either killed or sh e’s being h eld ...’ 

Stinson 

Diana Kaiser disappeared eight weeks ago today. 

.About 3:3o a.in. on Jan. ti, the 
21-year-old woman was d riving down Highway 39 just north of 
Wharton when she looked into the rearview mirror of lier white Chevy 
Luv truck and saw red lights flash­ ing. 
Sin* pulled over and then cit bei­ gel out of the truck lo see why she had been stopped or was forced out. 
She hasn’t been seen since. 
Truck drivers who passed the two vehicles recalled later that the car with the red lights was a dark color 
— probably brown — and had three radio antennas sticking up in back 
Free Spirit 
They figured a county mountie had caught "Free Spirit" (Diana’s 
CB handle) aud was giving her some green stamps for speeding. So they didn't stop to ask questions ci­ bol her to jot down a license number. 
Wharton County Sheriffs Depart­ ment ( apt. Karl Winebrenncr. who examined the abandoned truck later that day. found no signs of a strug­ gle. 
“ I ll be perfectly honest with you. 
At first I thought maybe she had just run off.” he said Wednesday, during a telephone interview. 
"But I cheeked her background pretty thoroughly, and I've eon- eluded she just wasn’t the type to do something like that. 
"I think whoever forced her off the road talked her into getting out of her ear and...” (He didn t finish the sentence.) 
"She was a heavy sm oker.” lie said, “ but her cigarettes wert* still in the truck. That’s why I think she didn't plan to be gone long." 
Foul play 
Once Winebrenncr was convinced foul play might be involved, he be­ gan building a file of information on the missing woman: 
Description: 
White female, age 
21, green eves. sh o u ld e r-le n g th dark brown hair. 3'9", 14o lbs., last seen wearing a black or navy blue blouse, blue jeans, red, white arid blue trac k shoes, a turquoise ring, a silver cross necklace and a white leather jacket with colored embroi­ dery trim. 
Family background: One of five children of a well-known Yoakum businessman, Leslie Kaiser. 
Residence: 
At the time of her disappearance, Diana was living in 
Victoria, where she was employed by a truc k company. 
"She had been working for the firm several months picking up 

 mud samples at oil-drilling sites.” said Winebrenncr. 
"S h e whs on her way b a c k to 
Victoria from a d eliv ery run to 
Houston when she disappeared." 
Red lights 
The ear with the antennas and red lights remains the only significant c lue to the mystery. 
"We've checked a lot of leads on the ear, but we’ve had no luck so far," said Winebrenncr. 
Iii Yoakum. Diana’s parents are realistic about the* situation. 
"I'm sure she was either killed or she’s being held somewhere.” Mrs. 
Kaiser said Wednesday. "After two months, i f s hard to have m uch hope. 
"A truck driver called Sunday and said he* thought lit* saw lier iii 
Brackettville, and we’re trying to check that out." 
The Kaisers and ( apt. Winebrcn- ner have been receiving such tips ever since* D i a n a ’s fam ily and friends began d is tr ib u tin g th o u ­ sands of handbills describing the m issin g wom an and o fferin g a 
SLIMM! reward for information lead­ ing to her whereabouts. 
The truck drivers, whom "F r e e 
Spirit” chatted with on her CB radio during delivery rounds, "have been great to put the circulars iii motels and truck stops everywhere they go." said Mrs. Kaiser. 
"We've had reports from as far away as California from people who saw them." 
Bus station 
The best lead took ( apt. Wine- brenner to a Houston Inis station, where Diana had reportedly been seen. 
"I waited a couple of hours, anti sure enough a girl walked in who looked enough like her to be her sister.” said the 28-year-old officer. 
* - Hut it was a girl from Brazoria 
County.” 
So Diana Kaiser s whereabouts are still unknown. 
However, W in eb ren n er figures that somewhere in South Texas a fireman or a law enforcement of­ ficer or a ( Ber who has rigged red lights atop his ear knows where she is. 
He and the Kaiser family hope that someday soon the driver of the cur that forced Diana off the road will e ith e r c o m e f o rw a rd or be turned in by an informant. 
Anyone with information about the vehicle or the missing woman should call the sheriff’s department in Wharton — AC 713 - 532-155o. 
" U n til we get a b r e a k . " said 
W in e b re n n e r, " w e ’re at a d ead end." 
R ecom m endations aimed at downtown 

Study o f 
IOO vacant lots urged 

Alternative uses for UM) vacant lot** the city is ready to auction should Ik* studied, a City Planning Commission member urged Wednesday 
The issue was raised by Com Jack 
Devore, who expressed coneen) that the lots had been purchased under the city’s Model Cities Program 

He saitl purchasers may intend lo build homes which would require Hit* city to construct streets and extend 
Utilities lo serve the lots, 

Better uses may include industrial development, community centers or schools, Dcvore said 

The commission will hear a report next Wednesday from the city office of 
Hight*uf-Wuy and Land Acquisition oil possible alternatives rather than a public salt*. city Community Development Dir. t ip Guerra said the land was left over alter the Modo) Cities Program, simi­ lar to an urban renewal process, end­ ed rile public au d io n for the land, 
Guerra said. is an effort to get the property on Hie lux rolls 

Bids have be» ii a d v e r tis e d in newspapers for the lots, aud the sale is scheduled for March 28 

However, ll the city decides to pro­ mote tile laud for other u s e s , Hie city will have Hie rigid tit refuse all I u d s 
I k*v ore sa iii 

Centro 21, the down­ town revival task force, passed a series of re- commenda!ions Wednes­ day aimed at upgrading the central city area. 
One re c o m m e n d s to 
City Council the city list* 
Hic “ income” approach to establish market value of property for tax pur­ poses. 
This would pro du ce more money from high cash-1 low operations con­ ducted iii buildings aud on laud carrying low tax appraisals. 
Demolitions 
< entre 21 also recom­ m ended not ex te n d in g tin* e x p irin g 
811-day freeze on demolitions but proposed a new set ot I guidelines 
( 
The g ro u p also p ro ­ posed creation of an ur­ ban design stall within the City P la n n in g De­ partm ent giving it r e ­ view a u th o rity now sp re a d a m o n g several commissions and boards 
The group did not sci out specifics tin its tax recommendation Inn re­ commended COUIieii U s e * some group such as the 
( tty Board of F.qouli/u- lion to look into it in more detail 
\s to demolition. ( en ­ tre 21 r e c o m m e n d e d a se rie s of step s under which re q u e s ts lur d e ­ molition permits would 
In* handled 
P e r m it s lo dem olish buildings with no histori­ cal significance could Im* issued right away 
But 

S m o k in g 

CORPUS 
( BHISTI, t \ P ) — 
Die governing i 'tuned ol 
Hic 
IV va* 
Public Health 
Vssoeia 
Hon h as tailed lot p rog ra m s to prelimit 
"cessation id smoking' in health ami medical 

 those judged to have his­ torical sig n ificance would go through a series of reviews lasting up to 
15o day s 
( entre 21 also urged tin* city to help building ow tiers obtain historic landm ark de signations 

 and tt» encourage their renovation. 
The group set off con­ sideration of a plan by 
Mayor Pro Tem Henry 
Cisneros to upgrade lie- imsfair Plaza, acting at the request of Cisneros who was out of town. 

Box or 11 in it hoi: 
Carlton 
* is lowest. 

I xiok at tin latest I .S. ( iovem m ciit figures for other top brands that eall themselves “low ” iii tar. 

 la* mg cig nicotine mg /ctg 

Brand D 
13 
o 9 
Brand D Menthol 
11 
o 8 
J 
Brand V Menthol ll 
o I " 
Brand V 
IO 
o J 
Brand M Menthol 
I 8 
OS ~ 

Brand M 
___ 
8 o s 
Carlton SOR Pack 
1 
o 1 
Carlton Menthol leat than 1 
o.1 
Carlton Box 
Ieee than *1 
•o.1 
Ag IM palette fry f 

I ess than I mg. tar. 

'Eel IM MtM'ttm I IKJ 
SF* ti l Big fin.(Miff 
HC NsMtrt Oh. Mf l a I IN mg iMCttmt ti IM* ll KC •A N I 

SAVE Up To 5 o % 

SAN ANTO NIO EXPRESS— Thursday March 3 1977 
Carter cuts military aid only slightly 

Saudi rocket sale studied 
Freight Damaged & Odd Lot Mdse 

WASHINGTON (AP) — The ( a r t e r adm inistra­ tion is reviewing the sale of 65(1 Maverick TV-guided missiles to Saudi Arabia, Secretary of State Cyrus 
R. Vance told Congress Wednesday. 
Other U.S. officials said, meanwhile, that a $1.4 billion deal the desert kingdom has with Raytheon 
Corp. for SHO improved Hawk missiles is also being re-examined. 
In making a decision on the Mavericks. Vance told a House Appropriation* subcommittee, the admin­ istration will be guided by whether: 
• The weapons are essential to the Saudi Arabia's security. 
• The sale would upset the a rm s balance in the 
Middle East. 
• The sale would contribute to peace between the 
Arabs and Israel. 
“ We are applying the sa m e rules to each and every request, whether it is from the A rabs or 
Israel," Vance said. 
Last month the administration lifted the sale of concussion bombs to Israel. Other weapons deals with Israel and the Arab states are also understood to be under review. 

 the proposed aid levels changed little from those of the current fiscal year. J 
Before leaving office. 
President Ford had su g­ g ested $976 million in m ilita ry aid and the revised p r o p o s a ls r eleased 
W edn esday called for $973 million for 
49 recipient countries. 
Proposed 
U . S . -fin­ anced credit s a l e s to 
Greece were in creased by $13 million to $14o million, reflecting what officials said was the an* „ ticipatcd approval of a five-year base agreement 
- worth $7oo million. 

Turkey 

Turkey, which is due to receive $1 billion under.'!? a five-year b a s e agreement still subject to congressional approval. was earmarked for $2oo million in the next fiscal * year, up $5o million from the current level. 
Taiwan would receive^? 
$23 million, down $ 1 o * million from this year. £ 
O fficials left open t h e * * p ossibility that t h e * decrease was related, in J * part, to U.S. hopes for an improved re la tio n sh ip ' with the People’s Repub-*v lie of China. Another in-, flueneing facto r, they said , was 
T a i w a n ' s growing ability to pay its own way. 
Despite the a d m i n i s ­ tration’s expressions of deep concern over the human rights situation in 
South Korea, there was no change in the $275 million which is in effect for this year. 

WASHIN GTON (A P ) 
— The State Department ii nveiled on Wednesday m ilita ry a s s i s t a n c e proposals that s u g g e s t 
President Carter’s e m ­ phasis on human rights abroad will have little impact on sales of Amer­ ican arms to foreign na­ tions. 
Except for previously announced cutbacks in aid to 
A rgen tin a, 
Uruguay and Ethiopia. 

• Built-in Appliances 
• Dishwashers 
• Kitchen Cabinets 
• Cook Tops 
• Ovens & Ranges 
• M icrow ave Ovens 
• Refrigerators 
• V en t Hoods 

Most item s h ave som e d am ag e or im perfections and are priced accordingly. All appliances are in w orking order and h ave o rig in al fac to ry w a rra n tie s. 
SALE ONE DAY ONLY 
Sat. March 2oth • 9 A .M . - I P.M 
1121 East Houston 

5 blocks east of dow ntow n Post Office 

SECRETARY of S tate Cyrus Vance ap p ears b e fo re a House A p p ro ­ priations Com m ittee 
Volunteer army called a failure 

WASHINGTON (AP) - A congres­ sional study described the all-volun­ teer military force as a failing exper­ iment. touching off a 
S e n a t e committee debate Wednesday on al­ ternatives! 
The debate centered on a program of national service, either compulsory or voluntary, to enlarge the pool of po­ tential recruits for the military as well as other public service work. 
The study found that the Army and 
Marin e C o rp s are fallin g short in recruiting, and reserv e forces are greatly under strength. 
It concluded that difficulties and costs will mount iii the future as the pool of 18-year old males declines, un­ employment drops, and civilian pay- scales increase. 
The investigation was conducted by 
William R. King, a U n i v e r s i t y of 
Pittsburgh business professor on tem­ porary assignment to the Senate Bud­ get committee. It was released by Sen. 
Sam Nunn, D-Ga., chairm an of the 
Senate Armed Services subcommittee on manpower, at the start of a series of hearings on the all-volunteer force. 
K ing re c o m m e n d e d a s tu d y of alternative service short of a return to universal conscription which was dropped in rn id-1973. 
He said a backup draft, or a draft for reserve forces only, would be b e n ­ eficial but “ a major new program of 

 national se r v i c e would go m uch further to alleviate the problems which we are currently experiencing." 
King’s report brought some dissent from a panel of academic specialists. 
Martin Binkin of the Brookings In­ stitution said the military could alter manpower policies to improve the out­ look for the all-volunteer force. 
He suggested use of more women in noncombat jobs, tighter screening to reduce turnover, and m ore lenient educational and aptitude standards. 
Richard V. L. Looper of the Rand 
Corporation insisted that the volunteer force "i s a success and is a viable op­ tion for the future.’’ 
Baby dies of auto injuries 

A four-month-old Elmendorf child died Wednesday from injuries received in a Feb. 12 accident in Southeast San 
Antonio. 
J o h n S a u c e d a died W ed n e sd a y morning at Bexar County Hospital, a spokesman said. 
The child was injured in a traffic accident at Gevers Street and Steves 
Avenue. 
The child was a passenger in a vehicle driven by his father. Juan D. 
Sauceda, 26. officers said. 

SETH 
SPEAKS 
Thursday Night 
Discussion Group 
734-o511 

 february baub bo 
R e fre s h ' 

 dose Yivcs-Atsara 
Travis Kcesc i 
Alberto Meza i doe Peacock fcd Strain 
Bob Hangman 
Hazel Massey 
Arthur McCall 
\ LaMar Roxbury 

Big, beautiful bath sheets wrap you in fabulous color, softness and luxury 

At the pool, the beach or in the privacy of your bath, you'll delight in the luxury of extra big, thirsty cotton terry towels. The generous 36x67" size is right for snoozing in the sun or wrapping up after a dip or bath. The boldly patterned, colorful designs shown here are thick sheared jacquards by Gram ercy. Int. and are 18.oo, Also in our collection loop or sheared terry jacquards, 1o.oo- 

22.oo; and vibrant solid color velour or loop terry, 13.5o- 
15.oo. Charge yours in Bath Linens, Downtown, North 
Star, Windsor Park and Austin Highland Mall, 

San Antonin Bank 
^ Trust “ar 
A UNIT O f ALLIED STORKS 

SHOP ALL STORES IO TIL 9 THURSDAY! 
SAN ANTONIO BANK & TRUST BUILDING 
• 
711 NAVARRO 
• 
227 5161 

Classic white 'Alfa' pattern servew are by Toscany 

SET OF 4 
MUGS 

The classic lines of this pure white servew are a re sure to enhance any hostess' table! Choose from sets of four each: soup mugs, 15.oo; cake or snack plates, 11.oo; dem i-cup and saucer sets, 13.oo; snack cup and plate sets, 16.oo; or a coffee pot, 12.oo each. All are gift boxed .. . perfect for that special bride on your list! 

Fruit-patterned 'Eden' sets gift-boxed by Toscany 

V 
4 MUGS OR 
O O O 
\ 
CAKEPLATES M 

\ 
Brighten any informal gathering with 
I 
I this cheerful service! Choose a set of four China mugs or four cakeplates, 
I J each set with four assorted fruit i iff*- i designs in bright colors. Set in- 
_ eludes orange, plum, pear and 
"~l" cherry motifs. Mugs have IO oz. 
/—sA capacity; plates are 7Vz" in r 
\ i diam eter. C harge yours! 

Gifts, Downtown, North 
Star, W indsor Park and 
Austin Highland Mall 
'Jessica' patterned dishes by Toscany 

SET OF 4 
I I OO 
CAKEPLATES 
I 

A dainty pink and yellow floral design on a white background m akes this an exquisite collection of dishes for any informal occasion! Choose sets of four each; cake plates, 7“ diam eter, 
11.oo; soup mugs, 15.oo; or demi- cups and saucers, 13.oo 
C harge your choice! 

A U N IT O F A L L IIO S T O W S 

Mayoral candidates at St. Mary’s forum 

Willingham urged the stu d e n ts to help him make San Antonio a bet­ te r place and red u ce taxes and get m ore in­ dustry here. 
B igley, a tte r tellin g som e jo k es and doing some im personations of famous people, said he was not being backed by 
“ seedy, backroom c h ar­ acters who were trying to ripoff Sun A ntonio" on the gas settlement. 

Ms. (la rry said the other candidates — espe­ cially the three major candidates — represent- 

M ayoral c a n d id a te 
John M onfrey W ednes­ day filed an expense re­ port reflecting loans and contributions of $37.o5(1. and e x p e n d itu re s of 

By ALAN BAILEY 
* Economic development for San Antonio was the chief topic eight mayoral candidates discussed 
Wednesday at a public forum at St. Mary’s Uni- 
Wristy. 
The eight candidates at the forum sponsored by the St. Mary’s Mexican- 
A m erican S tu d e n t O r­ ganization included the three m ajor condidates candidates — incumbent 
Mayor Lila Cockrell. Dr. 
Jo se San M a rtin a n d ' 
John Monfrey. 
The lesser-known can­ didates who also spoke were Said Jasso. Rev. L. 
(’. Glasco. George Bigley. 
J a m e s C. W illingham and Susan Garry, a can­ didate of the Socialist 
Workers Party. 
San M artin told the students political stabili­ ty at the municipal go­ vernment level was vital for the economic growth of San Antonio. 
Develop 
The city needs to deve­ lop its local businesses $3(1.882. and industry plus bring 
The report covers the in fresh blood of new in- period between Dec. (I dustry. said San Martin, and March 2. 
Largest 
San Martin, who main- single c o n trib u tio n to 
Iv covered his past quail* Monfrey s c a m p a ig n l ieut ions. also said c o u p - came from K. J. Burke cli m em bers should be Jr., who donated $1.oo(1. jwid a full-time salary Monfrey made two loans liecause the present $2o a lo himself for campaign week keeps qualified purposes, one for $7,5oo lieopie from serving on and the other for $3,55o. the council. 
E xpenditures list an 
Mayor Cockrell, after outlay of $8,2o8 to Heller citing her nine years on Co. Inc., a Houston public the council, pointed to relations firm , for bro* accomplishments of the chures, layouts, agency liresent council in econo- fees, photography and iii ic growth m entioning travel; $3,489 to Kennedy th re e in d u strie s which A ssociates for polling have moved to San An­ tonio iii the past two years. 
The m ayor also m e n ­ tioned the council’s sup­ port for the M exican 
Trade Fair and the San 
Antonio Spurs in the Na­ tional Basketball Asso­ ciation as two positive im p ro v e m e n ts to San 
Antonio's economy and image. 
Improvements 
The city is also moving forw ard on the cap ital im p ro v e m e n ts bonds p ro g ra m , the m ay o r said. 
M onfrey g e a re d his pitch to the students by noting m any stu d e n ts, including a son of his, are forced to leave San An­ tonio because of a lack of good jobs, 
Monfrey said it m ade ito difference to him lf industry located north, south, east or west i i i San 
Antonio so long as it in­ dited i i i Sun Antonio 
‘ Monfrey also noted he was one of (tie founders of the San Antonio Keo* 
IMM I lie 
Development 
Foundation and said ( tty 
Hall needed to do mort* 
I ban just iuive two people assigned lo economic tie vviopmcttl 

 cd the in te re sts of the rich in the c o m m un ity while she w as for the w orking people, s t u ­ dents. women and Mexi- can-Americuns. 
Rev. Gluseo sun! the poor man was not being helped and said he did not want to be a politician but did find interest in being a statesman. 
Jasso said he was not a pro fession al political! and planned to run for office only one time and wanted to make Sun An­ tonio prosper spiritually, em otionally and fin a n ­ cially. 
Monfrey files expense report 

 and surveys; $2,5oo to 
Artur«» Arriola for survey crews; $825 to Teledae 
Inc, representing survey fees, and $1,ooo to Mrs, 
Norma Reed, public re­ lations staffer for the Sun 
Antonio School District. 
Not filed 
The financial reports of the o th e r two m a jo r m ay o ral c a n d id a te s . 
Mayor Lila Cockrell and 
Dr. Jo se Sun M a rtin , weren't filed by 4 p. til. 
Wednesday. 
Councilman Henry Cis­ neros, m eanw hile, said one of the two opponents he drew on the last day for filing Wednesday had inform ed him earlier that he had been a p ­ pro ach ed and offered 

$ 1 o ,(M M I to run a g a in st 
Cisneros. 
The councilman iden­ tified the opponent a> 
R obert 
R od rig uez. form er em ploye of the 
Bexar County 
M ental 
H ealth/M ental R e ta rd a ­ tion C e n te r, 
C isnero s said Rodrigue/ came to him two weeks ago wilt) the story of the $ 1 o im m i ofter, and th** edlmetlman said he assum ed R odri­ guez was trying in Mime way or ano th er lo b a r ­ gain with bun. 

In other cam paign ac­ tivity, a style show and luncheon w as held 
Wednesday for Mayoral candidate Jose San Mar­ tin iii the home of Dr. and 
Mrs. Artemia Alums, 323 
VV. Lynwood Dr. 
John M achado, who filed Wednesday for the council from District 4. resigned from the South 
San School D istric t a short tim e hack. 
He wants to establish a city hall b ranch in the d is ­ tric t. sta b iliz e g o v e rn ­ ment and develop hous­ ing. 
In filing for the council from District 2. the dis­ trict most likely of any of the Kl to produce a black councilman, Alfredo Coy said no council represen­ tative nor any candidates tor Hie East Side district hav e “ attempted to assist 
M exicun-Americans nor 
Anglo or G erm anic resi­ dents." 
He c h a rg e d fu rth e r th e re a re m any poor black s who have not b en efited 
“ by the under-the-table dealings of past representation ’’ 

San Antonin Express 

4 ut* Mw* 
IMW Bar ftowftt, Mwat**. »,»4e, 
OwOw na 
4 . O b .* ta 
< • » t O a t a t * * Mw, M ew l M M M ), Mwtwgfc 
>•«**, *>M BB* (wfttMW* a* • M w * , W >| 
W l « CM..,WW, Ow, few . 1mm * O b , «qM, 
BB s 
V a M a , 

6 , T S * f « p > * » » N * w » C o l l u t , OM 
4 Q O b . J t / I law 4b«w». UMH / • ) * / 
Vat aw* C law Paw*** SM rn 

 h mn to* 

MAU VU* KHO* HON OAT IV 

IM,mw I , M I 
I 44a 
4 M n 
I h 

M 
* w , » W 
W 
. , t i 4 * 
I i * 11 l i t -4 
M w * * * O w , 
| 4 « » 
I J J 
M | 4« I t 
I nrnw* 4 W**», l l at ll* 
IJ IM) 14 
1*4. - a O w , 
$ 4 4 I 
I J J et 1 4 4 >4 l-W u . «>-. l i f t l l # 
It I S , 4) 

O IHtO H A T H 
4 
4 
Inn**, 
I* >1 t i l *4 la . I# 
M a - t ) i H l l M I i t i t I i i r% 
I.#™ * I W W . l l 41 I to l l I I I t i 
I ... 
U ..., 
|4 '» t / 4 I t a i k-M a. Ow, 
I ) 4* l l# t i I i i 44 

'Si*# t -ta* 
I i *V OM 
IWB, 14 

 m* i<A .afetal** «a*i W*OM MBS on 
I* a* tm a * * .fefe**. mm 
> 
WfetOtB 
I* *4 tm .war* iMMwtM w, t■ iw*»<nIm.*, «*h hw - -4 
* 

M 
M 
* * a w a f t 
SHOP ALL STORES IO 'TIL 9 THURSDAY! 

SAN ANTONIO EXPRESS— Thurs'dty March 3 1977 

Timeless Comfort" bras 

 of nylon and rubber Spanette® for that figure-flattering look 

 natural cup bra 
/fj? 

 re g u lar S 6.5o 

• soft adaptable cups 
• comfy stretch straps 
• Spanette® frame for support 
• Penna-Prest* bra, B,C cups 

Natural D,DD cups 
_ regular ST.5(1. . . . Sale 5 “ 

Sale ... 2o% off 
Acrylic sweater coats 

>1 V S T K C r O M Y 

FITTINGS 

 and a romplrlr line 

 of rrlatrd product, 

 plum*' for an 

 appointment 

The Figure Shop 

 at Sear, 

 tantral Park 
228-51 IM 
Military Dr. 
228-5o1H regu lar $17 
J L K J 

T h e sweater coat that's easy to care for. lightweight vet warm and fashionable, too 
IOO' < orlon acrylic® knit in great solid col­ or?*. In sizes small th ru extra large. 
In our Coat and Suit Department 

Sale p r ic e g o o d t h r u M arc h Till 

Sale prices good thru March 9th 

CHARGE IT on Sears Revolving Charge 
Contour re g . 8 6 . 

In our Figure Shop 

T H IS AD IS O l'R W O R D 
It i?* b alked by Sear, Ad­ v e r t i n g Policy which re- quires every a d v e r s e d item to be supported iii eaeli More with sufficient m erchandise 
. . . lf we should run out of any reduced priced item d u r ­ ing tlit‘ sale. we u ill reorder for you at the sale price. Tbit* do e, not apply to 
,peeial purcha,e. clearance and closeout 
►ale, where quantities are limited. 

S F I P S 

HMH 
H \ Z \ Mi 

Wear a pretty net, ro il for 
,p r in g . W e 'll h e lp you deride how to show your be,! side. Call us! 

Downtown Plaza 
228-12*I 

Military Drive 
228-5o72 

Central Park 
228-5272 

Jacket dresses and skirt sets blossom in spring colors 

Special Purchase 

(Quantities lim ited 

Sp rin g tim e... tim e for rf plenishing wardrobe, 

 with I r e b arrivals. O u r ea-y-to-care-for jacket d r e e s and skirt ,ets are long- or short-sleeved. 

Iii smooth fabrics like polyester or polyester and silk. Come in size, 8 to 2o and U 4 to 24%. 

In our Urea* Department 

New spring pantsuits in your choice of 5 styles 

I.ineit-lnok p o l l s t e r and cotton pantsuits iii pretty spring colors. 3 /I-le n g th or long sleeved slvles with top-stiteliing. pockets. 

 s e ll belts, f ashion fly-front pants. Misses' sizes ti to Kl. 

Budget shop > All 3 store* 

‘>2o K m d . ru R d.. H a m ^ urrha* h at R itlim a n 

Special P u r c h a s e , though nut reduced ail exceptional value 
W bile quantities last 

S e a rs Where America shops 
Do* Mio* ti I'Ua More 
Military Drive More 
Central Cark More 

SIAM, MO»MC« M AMU co 
Satisfaction Guaranteed or Your Money Hack 

Soledad al Navarro 
Moil. aud I burs. 9:3o*9 
AU o th er davs 9:3o-6 

 at Pleasanton KU. 
Mon. th ru Sat. 
9; 3 o o 

San Pedro al Loop I IO 

M on. thru Sal. 

9:3o-9 

SAN ANTONIO EXPRESS— Thursdoy Morch 3 1977 
Sears 

Sears Pricing Policy. If an item is not described a> reduced or a special purchase it is at its regular price. A special purchase, though not reduced is an exceptional value. 

SAVE 
*3o 

 solid state electronic digital watch 

PHASER PUMP B p 
R egular *79.99 

No-wind 
Phaser 2ooo. 
Battery designed to last about a vear. Hatches for ease of battery re­ placement. Water, shock resistant. Command read out: mineral glass cr\*- tai: gold color base metal witll leather strap. 

Jewelry D epartm ent 

Sale price in effect th ru Sat., M arch 3 
'Sears] INCOME 
TAX SERVICE 

 by H«R BLOCK 

Special purchase! 
Long-sleeve print shirts 

^ ou’U look and feel like a million in these texturized woven polyester shirts. Choose from exciting contemporary prints in many 

 colors. S. M. L. and X L *izrc. 

• The Men's Store 

CHARGE IT un S ears R e v o lv in g C harge 

Sears Best work pants and shirts 

Scars 

Sears Rents Cars 

221-1793 

Use your Sears charco card 

The (Commentator, Sears cassette-loading rib­ bon typew riter with Iii..") in. carriage, full tab. 
Paper injector, check protector, change- 

 a-type keys. \\ itll carrying cane. Pica type. 

Save IO. Typing table with drawer 

Regular $3 4 .9 9 

Walnut-color typing table. Storage drawer for paper, cord slot for electric typ ew rit­ ers. Copy shelf fits on e ith e r side for typing notes. 
Stationery Department 
Sale price* iii effect thru Tliur*., March IT 

Save *7 on m en’s ranch-style boots 

32,,T 

Regular #39.99 

Bimana tau boots for the man who's 
"in"! Full-grainetl 14-in. leather upper*, double-thick com position sole. 
Steel shank, Goodyear welt construction. 7- 
1o!4 l l , 12, 13D. 

Big Boy's size*, reg. S I9.99. . . . . . . lb ,,T 
Children s sizes, reg. SID.99.............I!P: 

• T h e S h o e Place 

S a l e p r i c e * iii e f f e c t t h r u V\ im ! ., M a r c h 9 
Sears 
Where America shops 

MfeAKM, NOfe.MU N ANO C O 

Satisfaction Guaranteed or Your Money Back 

D o h i i I o u i i Plaza Store 
Soledad al N avarro 
Mon. and I bur*. 9i«ftM> ill oilier ilaiR 

Save *1.29 on long sleev e shirt 

Regular #7.79 
5 o 

 each 

Matching and coordinating chirt* have long tail* that stay tucked in. Sizes S* 
XL. In green, blue, and tail. 

Save *1.79 on rugged pant* 

Regular 
8 2 1 9 .9 9 regular SR.79 

Save *4o. Casnette-load electric typewriter 

Sale price* iii effect thru ^ cd., March 9 

Military P r o c Store 
Central Park Store at IMea*antoii Hoad 
Si*»» Pedro at ta top H U 
Mon. t h r u 'a t. 
" 
Mon. ib m Sat. 
Us.ltMI 
Ui.M-U 

Bugged pant* feature reinforced front pocket*, heaw-dutx zipper for long wear. Soil relea-e liui-li. I»recti. blue and tan. W ahi* IU-11. 

• Mi ti * \\ orb ‘ii Leisure (h u llin g 

S A N A N T O N I O E X P R E S S — Thursday M arch 3 I 9 7 7 
E xpress colum nist is winner 

San Antonio Express colum­ nist Roddy Stinson has been named a top national winner in the 1976 Jerry Lewis - Muscular 
D ystrophy 
Assn. 
W riting 
Awards competition. 
Stinson was a second place winner tor his column. “ The second time, J. 
( . just ignored the tears " 
The column appeared in the Express on June 15. 1976. 
T he colum n related the poignant m om ent when a volunteer m edical technician, J. C. “ Doc” Thom pson. said good-bye to the children he had helped and befriended at a Texas MUA 

For his effort, Stinson received a plaque and $5oofrom the Muscular Dystrophy 
Association 

 sum m er camp 
In the column, Stinson related how 
Thompson had been told many of the 
55 campers he would be helping would be unable to walk or eat or go to the bathroom by themselves. 

Thompson. Stinson said, had walked away from the crowd as he was getting 

 ready to leave the group at the camp's conclusion because he was crying. 
However, later when one little girl would not let go of his neck after slowly w alking to him, he told her, “ Here comes your mother Dina, guess you have to leave,” Stinson related. 
The column continued: “ Reluctant­ ly, the little girl loosed her hold on her 

 friend. ‘Bye. Doc.’ she said 
“ 'Bye. sug ar.’ said J. C. And this time, he just ignored the drop of water that came out of I he corner of his right eye and started down his cheek toward his red T-shirt.” 
For his effort. Stinson received a plaque and $5(1o from tin' MOA. First place winner was Louis F. Bottine. 
Rochester, N.Y., for an article pub­ lished in the July 2o, 1976. issue o 
Insight Magazine. 
The awards are given annually to jo u rn a lists, s c rip tw rite rs or poets whose work “ fosters better under­ standing of m uscular dystrophy and allied d isord ers and co n trib utes to public support of the effort to conquer these afflictions. 

RO D D Y STINSO N lo o ks o v e r plaqu e he re ce iv e d fo r his a w a rd -w in n in g M uscular D ystrophy story 

O P E N 24 H O U R S 4 7 D A YS A W EEK! 

 a n a SKAGGS1 

DRUGS & FOODS 

> 3 CONVENIENT LOCATIONS • 

IR 41o AT BANDERA ROAD 
• 57o7 BANDERA RD. • 684-8852 
WEST AVENUE AT BLANCO 
• 11743 WEST AVENUE • 349-5287 
WALZER! RD. AT MIDCROWN 
• 5538 WALZEM ROAD • 656-62oo 

( t i 

U M '* . ii. lf WI 

O 

 r n 

A 

JOHNSON & JOHNSON 
2ooSWABS 
DOUBLE TIPPED WITH 
SOFT COTTON ON A 
SAFETY STICK. 

COMBO SET FROM 
OLD SPICE 

4 3/4 OZ. COLOGNE AND 
6 OZ. SHAVE CREAM 
AT A SUPER SAVINGS! 

JOHNSON’S DAYTIME 
DIAPERS 
[BOX OF 24 DISPOSABLE 
DIAPERS. SUPER SOFT 
ABSORBENT LINING. 

EARTH BORN 
SHAMPOO 
NATURAL “ PH” 
BALANCE FORMULA. 
GIANT 8 OUNCE SIZE. 

V 

 r n 

POOT ABLE 
' 
BBQ GRILL % 

S F 
18 INCH DIAMETER 
3 POSITION-TRIPOD 
BRASS/CHROME GRILL 

ALL METAL 
FRAME 
EASY TO 
ASSEMBLE 

18-INCH TABLE TOP MODEL U t 
J IM CRILL. 3 

 sJii®“ 
. RECLINER "W, 
^ 
A 

HOME ENTERTAINMENT CENTER 

 rn# 

I 

W a f 
99 J I 

..< 4 m i lf 

TEKNIKA T.V. 
BLACK WHITE 

 a 

1 o o % SOLIO S T A IE CHASSIS. 

AC/DC OPERATION WITH 
CAR CORD PROVIDED. 

VHI AND UNF CHANNEL 

SELECTION 1 2 ” PORTAB LE. 
MODEL 
Cl-2o22 

STEREO HEADPHONE 
ADJUSTABLE 

o 
6ooo SOUND QUALITY VISION 
HEADPHONES ALLOW YOU TO 
LISTEN TO YOUR FAVORITE 
STEREO MUSIC IN SILENCE!! 

 rn 
AM-FM 8 TRACK 
PORTABLE 

>A\V^CX\\1 

 k 

Mm 

‘ 
8 TRACK PORTABLE TA P E 

P LA YER WITH BUILT-IN 

EM AM RADIO. 3 W AY- 

POWER OPERATION. 

ELECTRONICS BY VISION. 
MODEL 
#B32 

 rn 

I m r " ; m l f - - — ’ ! 
.i 

AM-FM 8 TRACK 
STEREO RECEIVER 

THIS SM ARTLY STYLED 

MODULAR STEREO SYSTEM 

IS SOUD S TA TE WITH 

RM M * 
MATCHING SPEAK ERS. 

ELECTRONICS BY VISION. 

MooEL 
#o22 

 p w 
= 
/ / / / ^ r 
LOUNGER 
? 

 r n I 

SUPER DURABLE 
^ 
- 
BANANA LOUNGER— JUST 
^ 
IN TIME FOR SUNSHINE!! 

YOUR 
CHOICE 
OF BRIGHT 
COLORS! 
EACH 

■ M 
Wa 

J 
‘ O w n to 

UPSTART v% 

ROOT STIMULATOR 
GETS PLANTS OFF 

U t S T M T ft SJH© t \ f sibs 

\LAWN CHAIR.. 6 1 

WESTCLOX ELECTRIC 
ALARM CLOCK 
SMATTER-PROOF LENS, MODERN DESIGN, 
SWEEP SECOND HAND, DEPENDABLE 

TO A STRONG START! 

I PINT 
FOR 
OUTDOOR 
USE. 

12-PC. BOWL SET 

SUPER SUMMER 
PICNIC ITEM!! 

SET OF SIX DURABLL 
POLY BOWLS WITH 
COVERS BY BUSSCH AF I 
GREAT FOR STORINO 

FRUIT OF THE LOOM 
o 
PACK OF 3 
MEN S BRIEFS 

FRINT Of TNE LOOM 
QUALITY UNDERWEAR 
LONC-IIFE WAISTBAND 
1oo% COTTON FABRIC 

ORTHO 5 LB. POWDERED 
4 O O k PLANT FOOD.! 

Ii 
'm u m m 
® 

STRIPED FIESTA COLORS 
CARPET RUNNER 
GREAT FOR HALLWAYS. 
PROLONG YOUR CARPETS LIFE. 

 t i , 

THERMO-FOAM 
COASTERS 
6 PACK 

U i> i IO DRINKS 
CMD 4 i / J 
THUS LOUCH. 
K UTI WUN MUI II 
CUOMO MOTIFS 

 k 

Alert 

«r th ’«• 
■ neighbors b e s t; crime stoppers—Peters 

SAN ANTONIO EXPRESS— Thursdoy Moreh 3 I 977 
Page 

,4 n— 
— 

9-A 

By DAVID M cLEM O K E 
New courts auf] new laws may help. but good. watchful neighbors are the best crime preventive. Police Chief E. 
E. Peters said Wednesday. 
Peters and Crime Prevention Bureau head Sgt. Fred Whitley were guest speakers to the local chapter of the 
National Exchange Club at the St. 
Anthony Hotel. 
“ We're lucky to see to per cent of the criminals we apprehend ever get into court." Peters said. “ With two new criminal courts added to those already here, maybe we can do something 

 about the other 85 per cent. 
“ New courts are not the total answer, hut it's a lot better than what we've had before. But we still have to count on the citizens to do what they can to prevent crime before it hap­ pens.” 
The* new courts Peters referred to are four new district courts approved for San Antonio by Gov. Dolph Briscoe. 
Whitley briefed the group on the 
( rime Prevention Bureau and how they can use it for consultation on security measures for home and bu­ sinesses. 

“ A good watchful neighbor is the essence of crime prevention," Whit tov said. w 
“ All the bolts, locks and alarms are no good if there's no one around tee hear the burglar and alert the' police.’’ 
Whitley recommended the1 formation of neighborhood groups and their participation in the police depart­ ments crime prevention program. 
Peters noted the governor’s crime prevention legislative package, now before the legislature, will be helpful in deterring crim e, if they're ap­ proved. 

H ouse approves bill on judges’ pay 

CHIEF E. E. PETERS 
C itiz e n s p re v e n t crim e ’ 

EXPRESS CAPITOl BUREAU 
AUSTIN - The* House passed Wednesday, and sent to the Senate, a bill allowing the Bexar Coun­ ty Commissioners Court to sot salaries of county- courl-at-law judges. 
HB5o2 by Rep. Hon 
Bird was passed on third reading by a 113 to 8 vote, with 21 members regis­ tering present but not voting. 
Rep. Jim Nowlin was 

 the only member of the 
Bexar County delegation to vote against the mea­ sure' 
Under Bird's bill, the commissioners court is allowed to sot the eoun- ty-eourt-at-law judges' salaries at a maximum of nine-tenths of the* salary, plus supplem ents, of state d istrict court judges in the* county. 
District court judges currently are paid about 

$35,5oo in annual salary and another $11,ooo in supplements for a total of 
$48,5oo. 
Bird's bill would allow the county court-at-law judges to receive nine- tenths of this or a maxi­ mum of approximately 
$41 .(NMI 
The bill also maintains the current m inim um salary level for county court-at-law judges ol 
$25,ooo annually. 

? SKAGGS 
V 
ALBERTSONS 

DRUGS & FOODS Jam 
S E A F O O D M 
L 

BREADED SHRIMP™ 
FISHBURGERS 

BOOTH'S I 
FANTAIL l l 
• WCG 
BOOTH'S SO M !- 
) 2 

CRABBURGERSH 
SHRIMPBURGERS 
SEA SCALLOPS! 
FLOUNDER* 
OYSTERS 
SQUID .■ 
SOLE F IL E T S H 
COOKED SHRIMP 
SHRIMP STICKS 
FISH S T IC K S * 
FLOUNDER 

PRICES fPKCTtVI WED. THURS., FRI., SAT.. MARCH 2, 3, 4, 5, 1977 

»S5 S A U r S 
FATTMES, ITS 
1o 
W IW o z 
• 
• 
•PKG 
M ISS SALLY'S 
PATTIfS 
IO 
OZ 
• 
PKG. 
M ISS SALLY'S 
,o 
BREADED 
QZ 
• 
• 
• 
• PKG 
MISS SALLY'S STUFFED ft 
BREADED FILET 
QZ. 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
•PKG 

FRISH LOUISIANA 
>o 
OZ. 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
J 
A 
R 
CAUFORNIA, WHITE 
BONI 

SUCCO 
BONELESS 

• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
LB. 

BRILLIANT 6 i 
SALAD 
OZ 
• 
• PKG. 

BOOTH'S 
M i 
OZ 
• 
• 
• PKG 
FISH BOY, JUST 
MEAT ANO SERVI 
J 

• 
• 
• 
• 
•BOX 
MISS SALLY'S 

RIG. OR SUGAR FRIE 
R.C. COLA 
6-PACK 32-OZ. 

LADY SCOn, BATHROOM 
TISSUE 
TINTS I PRINTS, 2 ROLL PKG. 

HUNTS, TOMATO 
SAUCE 
8 OZ. TIN 

FOR 

ONLY 

"ALL YOU CAN EAT" 

EVERY THURSDAY NIGHT FROM 5:oo P.M. TO 
9:oo P.M. ALL YOU CAN EAT OF OUR 
FRIED CHICKEN 

PIUS: FRENCH FRIES. TOSSED SALAD, AND 
DINNER ROLLS 
INSTORE BAKERY! 

• v v u r r i v j I J M i l T I M v V V I J 
SHERBERT 
Vt GAI. ROUND 

C A R R Y 
OI 

FROZEN FOODS 
PIZZA 

■ LAMBRECHT, 

IC H IE X I S A U i A O l 
HAMBURGER 
PEPPERONI 
12 OZ PKG 

IN K 

MACARONI 
& CHEESE 

'TAIL 
3 a $1 i i M i l k 
• 
# 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
E l l TINS 
I 
oNIC WATER. arrish, .-rs3 
HIU MIX 
7 7 ...........«9 
S S E 

■mM > 

CALIFORNIA, NAVELS 
SWEET AND JUICY 

LBS. 

FOR 

SWANSON 
7 OZ PKG, 

BAGELS 

TASTY TREAT 

• 
• 
• 
• 

ABELS 
AU VARIETIES l l OZ. PKG 

D'ANJOU PEARS . 

■ mmaamm rn ^ a s c a u fo rn ia . iceberg, scud m a 
_ 
LETTUCE ... n ...........38c 
GREEN ONIONS . .TV . .2 - 45< 
RADISHES .... : : ___a s 45* 
VoCADoS ... r:.......8~<$ 
UM^EANS 

JANET L II 
EABY 
IO OZ PKG 

8 

BISCUITS 

•AUAROS. SWEET. 
AN Ut OE BUTTER 
AMU. t OZ TINS 

T Din OLIO 
OLEO 
MACARONI 
DRESSING 
DRESSING 

I te o 
4 9 c 

KRAFT 
J 
F f 
PARKA T 
# 1 M M V 
I LB OTR PKG M V lJ 

AMO CHEE SA 
# 1 f 
KRAFT DE LUM k 
K i4 o i pkg 
T m 

KRAFT. SALAD 
NURACLf WHIP l l i i 
C i i oz jae 
^ 

KRAFT SALAK 
4 % 
- 
UUUlO HAUAN l l rn rn C is o i Bon 

3 BIG LOCATIO NS 

BANDERA AT IH IO 

57o7 BANDERA RD 684 8852 

WEST AVE. AT BLANCO 
11743 W ES1 AVE 349-5287 

WALZER AT MIDCROWN 
5S38WAIZEM RD 656 62oo 

S W IW ; IN T O 

SPECIAL PRICES G O O D 
THURS.-FRI.-SAT -M O N 

BUY AT QUALITY FURNITURE FOR LESS 
SAN ANTONIO’S HOME OF GREATER VALUES! 

W I INVITt PU B CUSTOMERS TO SHOP A ROU ND AND COMPARE OUR PRICES! 

SHOP EITHER CONVENIENT LOCATION 

SA N A N IO N IC EXPRESS— Thursday March 3 1977 
Russians check N-testing 

NCW HOURS 
MON.-SAT. 1o-7 
FRI. 1o-9 

25oo Broadway 1218 S. W. Military Drive 
SPECIAL 

L e a d e r s m e e t 
M A D R ID . 
Spain 
— 
Leaders of Western Eu r­ ope’s major Communist parties met in Madrid for the first time in 4o years 
Wednesday to show soli­ darity with the still-out­ lawed Spanish party and ( to work a common < policy on dissidence in the Soviet bloc. 

 inily wants to make. 
Sakharov went to the 
Moscow People's Court 
Wednesday to press his attempt to move his six- member family from two two-room apartments to one four-room ap art­ ment. All Soviet housing is regulated by the state. 
The court refused lo reverse the housing authorities’ decision. 

 f o l l o w i n g 
P r e s i d e n t 
Carter's meeting with 
Soviet dissident Vladimir 
Bukovsky. 
The news agency Tass issued a brittle and brief report of the meeting from Washington which cited Carter as meeting with a criminal law of­ fender who was expelled from the Soviet Union. 

COPPICED fROM WIRE SERVICES 

G EN EV A — President 
Carter's goal of a prompt agreement to end all nu­ clear testing, under­ ground as well as in the atmosphere, hasbeen ef­ fectively checked, if not checkmated, by the So­ viet Union. 
At Hie United Nations 
Disarm am ent 
Com ­ mittee, which is nearing the end of its 15th year of deliberations here at the 
Palais des Nations, the 
Russians have jumped the gun on the United 
States arid already tabled o draft text of a treaty to ban nuclear testing com­ pletely. 

But it includes one provision which makes ii virtually certain that it will never take effect. 

The Russian proposal simply requires that in order to enter into force the treaty must he signed and ratified by the go­ vernments of all nuclear weapons states — which means France and China in addition to the U.S., 
Russia and Britain. 

The chain es of eit lier the French or the < bin- esc joining in any test- ban agreement are sh re­ mote that this is tanta­ mount to killing oft the idea completely. 

WORLD 
DIGEST 

R i f t c r e a t e d 

 b v s c a n d a l 

SORRY NO CHARGE CARDS 
OR LAY A WAYS AT THESE 
SPECIAL PRICES 

AM/FM STERIO RADIO, 8 TRACK TAPE 

PIUS STERIO RECORD CHANGER 

MOSCOW 
- Soviet dissident Andrei Sakhar­ ov has a new conflict with the authorities — over un apartment swap his fa- 

MOSOOW - The new strain in Soviet-Ameri- can relations ruse an­ other notch Wednesday 
Wed-Lok 
> matching 14 karat gold wedding bands 
Scholarship winner nam ed 

■ Upbe at Aal int* aud TM ttur.o indicator 
■ PikM uHn i, for paw*' s*4 EK 
■ Notary lur ualuma, talo*(* Shiv irabt* 
■ 4-trwcfc playa, uritb auto ar manual prajrum 
■ Tm* 5' full ranga ban rufUi tpaokur tytUmt 

■ 
Dim # " n o n , 
(•CHV*, ~ 1»V, W « M '/, D « U H H H 
’ lp**k*rt- ISSV H.,1o'/, W , 4V. o a lui-ttt* IU ru irf (banya, a Hay, 3 tp**4t (JJ. 
41. TI), loft alf (ana arni, Hip »»•( tlyla, a Puldi 
,*r4t sad t awk ad acrylic 4u,» co«a, a Ola, anion. 

Hurry -Quantities 

AR! UMITIO 

WINT NO UT4W4TI 

Antique leat desig n 
14 karat gold 
H is $1oo H ers $95 

E n g r a v e d g e o m e tr ic d e s ig n , 14 k q ra t g o ld 
H is $85 H o rs $8o 

DELUXE AM/FM STEREO RADIO 
8-TRACK PIUS BUILT-IN RECORD 
CHANGER 
4M.TM4M Caroa caraco, arith hybtod dial nab, (bal potato, nod tto roo tadkafa, Ityhtad Ionian molar far pronto tuning liana, IMO .antral, fat voiurna, bola*,*. bat, and Hobia 1/4 tpnabai I WI tetany fat A-dwnita offoct, 4K ta, 4Nft ftraa IM mcayfian ItrtKb tiaras toot playa, with liyblad pioyram rn- b la tti. Mf ilia (SR iw<ord (banya, aith ma (antral and dia­ mond ifybn 4-troch tlarayo fray nod MI tun dot! ara, iiouttvoby rn at (bad ipaoban Jock, la, 4 tpaokart, auailiory output, and mpoH. and Hana hood uh o rt, timulafud walnut utnyi an woad tataaaTry Main Unit JO’. W ilS 'V O ,♦*/, H 
Spaakur, I7VH.«H "W «4Vt"D 
Fourth Court 

P R O C E E D I N G S 
O F 
T H E 
F O U R T H 
C O U R T 
OF 
C I VI L 
A P P E A L S 
C A U S E S F O R M A L L Y 
S U B M I T T E D 
M o n o Isab e l W od ngut'/ et t il, v s 
A io n H o lm e s et oi . fr o m 
U v a ld e Co unty 
R i c h a r d G a r c i a e t a l , v s 
M e m o r ia l H o s p ita l e t a i . fro m 
U v a ld e C ounty. 
The S ta le of Tombs v s 
H a ro ld 
S 
N elson, tra m lf. aor C o u n ty 
E d ith C» 
G a rw o o d vs 
W illia m 
E 
L a th e 
Ct 
OI., fro m 
B o o r 
C ountv 
M ic h a e l W illia m P ie r s o n v s 
C a ro l A nne P ie rs o n , fro m R " » r ir 
C ounty 
U n d e r w r it e r - , tit L h ’ V d S Of 
L o n d o tt v s 
S im o n 
T 
C u r i o . tra m b i Mar C o u n ty 
E n r iq u e S a lin a s vs 
The F ir s t 
N a tio n a l b a n k of S a n A n to n io . fro m B i »a r C o u n ty 
S a m u e l L e a l a n d M t lc h e m , 
(or , vs 
Ja v ie r R o a m e r et a l • fro m W i'b h C o u n ty 
H u gh C 
P re s to n d b a P re s to n 
D a ir y P ro d u c ts v s 
S a n A n to n io 
Ind epend ent S r hoot D 'S tr ift 
In d e p e n d e n t A la r m S y s t e m s v s 
P r e m o n t 
N u r s in g H o m e . fro m Jim W e lls C o u n ty 
M O T I O N S S U B M I T T E D 
M ilto n Jo h n n y B e r n h a r d , tn d ivid u atty an d a s n eat frie n d ot 
M a rk W illia m B e r n h a r d , a m in or, v s 
K e r r v il l e 
In d e p e n d e n t 
School D is tric t et a l., fro m K e r r 
< ountv 
A p p e lle e s m otion for re h e a rin g 
M ilto n Jo h n n y B e r n h a r d - in d tvtd u ally. an d os neat frie n d of 
M a ra W illia m B e r n h a r d , a m in 
Or, v s 
K e r r v il l e 
In d e p e n d e n t 
School D is tric t et ai . fro m K e r r 
County 
A p p e lla n t s m otion tor re h e a rin g 
Je r r y R 
H o llem u n et ga gnd 
Jo h n C o rn yn et u , , vs 
M issio n 
Trod.- H o m eo w n er s A s s n , fro m 
B o a r 
C o u n t y 
A p e e I to rt! s second m otion for e a te n * on of tim e to tile statem ent of ti ts 
M o b ile A m e n e un S a le s C o r ­ p oration and F o rd M otor ( r e d d 
C o m p a n y vs 
H o te l N 
R iv e r s . fro m B e aor Co unty 
M o tion tor 
CM ten stop ot tim e m w h ich to tile pc let tor ap p l ie r 
* r n “ 
* 
H u d a i'is v s 
A lp h o n s e 
K rC 'f'el/ et pi ti arn 
/ o v o lo 
( ountv 
A p p lia n t % m otion to tile su p p le m e n tal trunsc riot 

Engraved geom etrical d e s ig n . 14 karat gold . 
H is $115 Hers $11o 

Florentm ed basket-weave d esign, 14 karat gold 
H is $125 Hers $12o 
^ 
^ 
^ 
| | 

DIGITAL ALARM 

CARLOS DK I KON 
. . .scholarship 

 each in pxtensinn of their present scholarships. 
In addition, the alumni organization is making a contribution toward a scholarship for a member of the Texas 
Longhorn Band. 

Ittusfrntions enlarged 
MISSION 

/ ^ 
• j e w e l e r s 

72* I. Mouttue st tote SJO doily 

1oo% SOUD STAFF UFCTtONIL ALARM CLOCK Iona lift. tom pleiety silent operation Computer type ZZ 1o IFO display. Flee fronic 24-hour (beep tone) oiorm memory lighted olarm let and FM indKotors 
Fast' and Slow nooning control! and se fonds set' for accurate time setting Touch n Drowse repeot alarm Simulated wood walnut groined finished high impact styrene cabinet 2-5 '8*3 8*3 
Sugg. Ret. 28.5o 

176-o13 
T2o9o 

AM/FM CLOCK RADIO 

IM AM SOI IO s u n MGH k l CIOCI (AM O Sutta** ii,UU b*fi,u«t*l *,wt Wuk* ta .v ia a, f * . 
Cly Mwwnele* wut typu * amt e h b f •>*, aw l.ny H W alarm tyiM m wit* AM **4 r * mufbiao. 
(a* ta tut ut IO arnut* ta- 
U m U i lid u w a* ha**rltp tuuM f tyttunt jt 
NM a tl an ta — ta*** iua*Htta« 
1*4*, 
JM 
Jo h n W 
M ip u n o u g n J r . , et O I. f io m K e r r C o u n tv 
A p p e lle e s m ot .on for *t a tension of tim e to tup v to tem s ut of tex ts 
R ot »#rt F* lour urn J r , v s Alton 
In g r a m , fro m U v a ld e C o u n ty 
A p p e lla n t s m otion to- co nsolid ate 
Irgnsc riots 
R ic h a r d L ite In s u r a n c e Com p ony v * 
M aso n N a tio n a l B o n * . fro m M aso n C o u n ty 
A p p e lla n ts m otion to e ate ry! tim e foe tilin g tra n s c rip t a n d sta te m e n t of fur tv 
C A U S E S D E C I D E D 
S ta t e of f r a g s v a b i m f o r m s , In c ., et u t , fro m t r i o 
Co unty 
A ffirm e d 
L .o n p 
A d co ck , to d e iH n d e n t p a v e utor of the e state of M o ttle 
L 
P ric h o tt v s 
A la m o N o tio n a l 
B o n k , in d e p en d e n t e x e c u to r ol th e e s ta te of E l l e n C 
K e r n s , b o m B e a u t C ounty. A ffirm e d 
M O T IO N S A C T E O O N 
N u * M eno vs 
O liv e r B 
W il ­ 

 ily (•** (M M . J 1 O lio 1 n j 4, 
I/Ok. AO Hi 

F I ? 17*o14 
• 45o 
(RHM THiV U SI 
ELEGANT 9 PC. DINING ROOM 
LED AM/FM CLOCK RADIO 
DECORATOR TABLE 

1oo% SOLID STAFF FlfCTIONK CLOCK and 
FULL FFATUtF FAA AM RADIO 
Computer type 9/1o” IFO Display Rake to music, sleep to mime wake to music lost/Slow 
Manning controls, seconds set lot easy time settings, 24 bt memory olarm with automatic shut off ond itcoM 
Touch 'n 
Drowse 
Tower (adure indicator Rotoiy drum direct tuning dial Alarm set indicator 

Simulated wood walnut qrotn finish hiQh impact styrene cobmet 3«IV>*8 
12oV 6o 
Hi 
Sugg. Retail 54.oo 

• BLA CK MARBLE LIKE T O P 

A N D BASE 

• STYLISH D E S IG N 
* i 

• 2 o 
H IG H 
" 

• LIMITED S U P K Y AT THIS PRICE 
WHILE THEY LAST sn of t• ns« tattle areme 
ROOM DIVIDER 
Court 
BLOW DRYER 
• OVAL EXTENSION TABLE, I-ARM CHAIR, 5 
SIDE CHAIRS. 2 PC LIGHTED CHINA — 
ALL 9 PIECES 
9 p | | C I 
• WARM PECAN FINISH 
• VELVET UPHOLSTERY 
$ C T T 
ON CHAIR SEATS 
O I I 

TABU I-ARM A 5 SIDE CHAIRS ONLY $397 

• 3 HEAT SELECTIONS/? AIR SPEEDS 
• PERfECT BALANCE ANO LIGHTWEIGHT DESIGN FOR EFFORTLESS 

STYLING 
• QUALITY G E. LEKAN CONSTRUCTION 

• TEXAS INSTRUMENTS THERMOSTAT 
^ t i 

CONTROLLED HEAT 
M 
J 
1o4 oo1 m 
Sugg. Ret. 14.95 w 

• LAR G E 54 
WIDE A N D 4 6 ". 
H IG H 
' 

• PRO TECTED SU R FA C ES 

• SPINALE W O O D T U R N IN G S 
3 PIECE DEN GROUP 

GREAT AMERICAN 
BURGER MACHINE 
’ /AND SANDWICH MAKER 

LOOKS 
HAMBllKGfKS, 
SMALL 
STEAK. 
MOT 
DOGS 
GULL 
MNOW KHtS TOASTS 8AGFLS, MUfflNS NEAT NFS LOCKING 
HANOI! TOI NO SPLATTER LOOKING 
FASY TO LUAN NON 
STICKING LOOKING SURFACE. AND OSIF (KAT 
OI I Al HAIK 
Lo Io 
_ 
_____ 
___ _____ 

QUALITY ORTHO 
WITH FLEX EDGE 
BY KING KOH. 

TWN *147 

QUEEN 

'2 1 7 

I i 
*,NC a¥iV«iWfci ‘297 

YOUR 
CHOICE 

• EASY CARE HERCULON COVERED 
SOPA, LOVESEAT, CHAIR 
• REVERSIBLE SEAT CUSHIONS POR 
LONGER WEAR 
• LIMITED SUPPLY AT THIS PRICE 

 y 
VANITY 

• CHOOSE ANY OF THESE BEAUTIFUL 
PIECES FOR I LOW F»RICI 
• c a s e faeces h a v e h i g h p r essu r e 
LAMINATE TOPS 
• GLEAMING IVORY AND GOLD FINISH 

1o4-oo3 

Osier “ HYDROLAX” Foot 
Massager 

• Refresh your loud feet and ach 

• Provides soothing, re lo im g m otion ’ m ot sag* 

 e Use. with o* w ith o u t w a te r 

• Stand up m unit for full b od y m assa 

 e U se for corr, a n d wrist m a s s a g e 

Su m . i t , o i l s n . e s 

SPECIAL 

S A N A N T O N IO EX P R ESS— Thursday March 3 1977 
Poge 11 -A 

Former President Ford waves to fellow skiers as he prepares for several hours of skiing during a snowstorm in Vail, Colo. The Fords will be vacationing in Vail for about a week. 
— AP W irephoto 
'Dirty’ dealers face jail 

COMPILED f r o m WIRT SERVICES 
W A SH IN G T O N 
- 
A gricu ltu re Secretary 
Bub 
Bergland said 
Wednesday that big grain company officials run a good risk of winding up in jail if they \iolate new federal rules against shipping dirty, adulter­ ated wheat and other commodities to foreign buyers. 
“ We're not really in­ terested in levying big fines against these grain companies.” Bergland said in a meeting with a group of farm ers and ranchers. “ W e 'll only charge enough of a fine to pay for the room and board for the time they spend in jail.’' 
Congress passed a new law last year requir­ ing federal takeover of export inspections. The law is designed to correct past abuses of federal grain standards. 
New payroll tax is iii lim bo 

WASHINGTON - The 
Senate Finance Com­ mittee yielded to Carter adm inistration opposi­ tion and decided against raising Social Security payroll taxes this year. 
The panel tentatively went on record in favor of a new tax cut of up to $25o a year for parents of col­ lege students and for doubling an existing tax credit for parents who have to hire babysitters. 
The latter credit — sub­ tracted d irectly from taxes owed — would be raised to a maximum of 
$1 .HIH). 

 d a rte r makes 
K id choice 

W ASHINGTON - Pre­ sident t arter has select­ ed A. Daniel O’Neal. to become new chairman of the Interstate Com­ merce Commission 
It also was reported 
Carter will allow the sue 
* ut the nation's oldest fe­ deral regulatory agency to shrink by attrition to live or seven members from its current statu­ tory membership of ll. 
TX violence is bein*: tritiu m 1*! 

W A SH IN G T O N 
- 
Broadcast executives have testified they arc working hard to reduce violence depicted on television but a noted re­ searcher oil the subject said TV violence has increased sharply. 
George Gerbner. dean 

NATIONAL 
DIGEST 

 of the Annenberg School of Communications at the 
University of Penn syl­ vania. said TV violence has increased in all cate­ gories including family viewing and children’s program tim e on all three networks. The wit­ nesses testified before the House com m unica­ tions subcommittee. 
Pension fund facing audit 

SAN FR A N C ISC O - 
Five auditors from the 
Bailor 
Departm ent's 
Employment Retirement 
Income Security Admin­ istration will begin an audit Monday of the pen­ sion fund of the Interna­ tional Hotel. Motel. Res­ taurant W orkers and 
Bartenders 
Pension 
Fund in Las Vegas. 
Al 
B ra m le l, the 
59-year-old chairman of the fund s trustees, has been reported missing since last Thursday. It was reported the union made real estate loans wiih more than HH per cent of the fund’s assets 
Sewage grants are requested 

WASHINGTON' 
- 
Representatives of coun­ ty and state governments have asked Congress to extend a federal grant program for building and improving sewage treat­ ment plants. 
A spokesman for the 
National Association of 
Counties says about ball of county and city sewage plants will not have fe­ derally approved plans for meeting national treatment standards by lilt* July I deadline. 

DOD fur m alaria tc*t* 

A TLA N TA - Public health o fficials are searching for more than 
HIM! Americans who at­ tended an arts and cul­ ture festival in Africa follow mg confirmation that four of them had contracted malaria 
The national Center for 
Discase Control >aid the 
Americans attended tin 
2nd World Festival of 
Black and African A rs and Culture between Jan. la and Fob. 12 at Lagos, 
Nigeria. 

Lulac awards ball Saturday 

I ulac Council HIH will lave its fifth annual founders Scholarship md Awards Ball, dedi- ated to all Bexar I ouuty eglslators. at 9 p ill Sa- unlay at the laguna la ll room. M N W Com- iterce st 
Cliv Councilman Henry 
I Micro*; Ed Cheviot, manager of KMOL-TV; 

Chief Deputy Rudy Gar­ za. aud boxing champion 
Mike Av ala will be hon­ ored 
Ram iro I c rvera and his Senoritas will provide music. Set ups, beer and loud will be sold 
Tickets arc id and may be pun based by calling 
434-751 1. 
224-7475 or 
H74-IM5H 

 ii lards 

• ■ --s 
...v j<*<*«• w v&i m i # 
* ■■' 
; i 
F- 
.4* a 
* is. t , 
... 

, 
' * - * 
A rn 
I 

^ 
M ' X 
■.* 
'*• ' . 
V 
* * f 
, 
,‘fJ 
,A. 
7* • *■ 
; i* * 

\ 

¥ t 

 save $6! men’s 

 famous label short 

 sleeve knit shirts 
2.99 

Originally $ I 9 

Think cool. . .airy knits with short sleeves. Think 

 comfort. . .easy*care acetate/polyester that fits, 

 doesn’t bind. Think style and choose a collar that 

 suits you. . .a color. . .a trim. Think of how 

 you want to look this spring . . . of all the 

 savings you'll have. . .then come see 

 us. W e have w hat’s on your mind. 

Sizes S-M-L-XL 

Men s Sportswear 

V 

 save over 5o% on 

 famous maker long 

 sleeve dress shirts 
5.99 

Regularly $1 3 to I 6.5o 

Pick a pattern. . .choose a color to 

 suit your wardrobe. The dual purpose 

 collar is suitably for sport or 

 dress. . .you’ll alw ays be well- 

 groomed for action in your 

 stylish, famous maker dress 

 shirts in polyester/cotton 

 that s designer easy-care and 

 cool comfort. Regular or 

 tapered to fit in sizes I 4 V2-1 7. 

Men j Furnishings 

/ 
/ a 

. . WM MHM 

■ 4*- 
M Xfciw.* 

\ 
7/ 

X \] 

X 
R> 

V it 
/ 
I 

J¥ 

 i i 

A 
Z 

7/dr 

SHOP MONDAY THRU SATURDAY IO TIL 9: CENTRAL PARK, WINDSOR PARK, MILITARY PLAZA 

S A N A N T O N IO EX PR E SS— Thursday March 3 1977 

Chair Sale! 
CHAIRS AND SWIVEL ROCKERS 

I i } / J 
-I..-? ic > r 
Iv 
V .» 
« 
• v.. - . ar i 
-i-v ijr - —»-• 
- 

 i x - - v 
A. .i i , 
' 

 c 
' 
' 

Save 
$4o.o7! 
Your Choice 

Reg. $ I 39.95 ea. 

$9988 

 ea. 

OCCASIONAL CHAIRS 

 a 
Traditional style lounge chair. Tufted velvet cover in choice of sky gold or sky persimmon. 
Has semi-attached back, reversible T-seat cushion, kick-pleated skirt. 

D 
Lovely sky-tufted velvet cover in color choice 
D * of avocado or gold. It has semi-attached bar­ rel back, reversible T-seat cushion, kick pleat­ ed skirt. 

 s * 
Beautiful tufted velvet upholstery in sky persimmon or sky olive. 
Reversible T-seat cushion, semi-attached button back, kick pleated skirt. 

Save 
$7o.o7! 
Your Choice 

Reg. $ I 79.95 ea. 

$1o988 

 e c . 

SWIVEL ROCKERS 
Colonial styling, covered in 1 o o % nylon in choice of gold or green. Trim of maple color finish solid hardwood. Semi-attached button back, box pleated skirt, reversible seat cushions. 
Cotton velvet cover in gold or alabaster shades, reversible T-seat cushion, semi-att­ ached biscuit tufted back, roll arm box pleat­ ed skirt. 

 r 
Man-size swivel rocker in Fiesta Herculon up- 
• holstery, bronze or avocado plaid. Semi-at­ tached button back, reversible T-seat cushion. 

D. 

E. 

Save 
$6o.o7! 
Your Choice 
Reg $179,95 ea 

$11988 

 ea. 

LOUNGE CHAIRS 

Easy-care Herculon in beige tweed or brown plaid. 
Traditional styling, reversible back and seat cushions, kick-pleated skirt. 

I * 
Cotton velvet in gold or rust. 
Reversible T-seat l l * cushion, semi-attached button back, roll arm, kick pleated skirt. 

Man-sne lounge chair covered in cotton velvet in colors of burnt orange or brown. Reversible T-seat cushion, T back cushion, kick pleated skirt. 

B ro a d w ay 
9 o o 3 B ro a d w a y 
8 3 4 -9 4 o 2 
Of** le i Mm , H en, In 
O f** IM I MI. WU Ut 

D ow n to w n 

231 I. Commerce 

227-6361 

Ope I M Mm ir a Ul 
•atef! Hmm* Mm* MI I OO 

Big M City 
S. Mew Braunfels I 
I. Sewtkcress 
5 3 4 -6 1 8 1 
op m 1o 1 Mm . tiers . III. 
Of** 1o-4 !m i , Wei . lei 

N o rth Star 
Vee Pedro I loop 41o 

342-2331 

OfM IO I Mn., tiers . In. 
O fsi I M Im * , Wee, lei 

C A N D ID A T E S 

CITY Cleric G a rla n d Ja ck so n clo se s door on filing for council posts in April 
2 election. 
Panel sees new wave of urban riots 

Our own convenient credit plus Master 
Charge ond Bank Americord 

Delivery and set up at no additional chorge within delivery area 
S arotkiris 

W A SH IN G TO N (AIM 
— A government advi­ sory group on Wednesday predicted another siege of urban riots and a con­ tinuing increase in ter­ rorism. The panel urged the nation's police forces to step up intelligence operations and make de­ tailed plans for such emergencies. 
As it is the nation is in a period of false calm, said a report prepared by the Task Force on D i­ sorders and Terrorism. 
Initial reaction to the report was spotty. New 
York Mayor Abraham 
Beanie said his c ity ’s police department “ is al­ ways alert to detect any evidence of terrorism and to take effective steps to deal with it." 
Criticism 

The point of the panel's recommendations is to save lives, said Jerry V. 
Wilson, chairman of the task force and police chief of the District of 

Columbia from 1969 to 
1974. 
In a 661-page report, the group of police of­ ficials and law enfor­ cement specialists said police must prepare to deal with terrorist bombings and kidnap- ings and a new round of disorders similar to the urban and campus dis­ turbances of the 196os and early 197os. 
The task force warned that legislative proposals to restrict intelligence gathering could deprive police of the information they need to stop terror­ ist acts. Wilson said the task force favors w ire­ tapping with court war­ rants to spy on potential terrorists. 
Tactics 

Asked whether the group also supports elec­ tronic surveillance against groups thought to be planning civil dis­ orders. Wilson replied, 
“ generally, no." 

Continued from Page IA shapes, sexes, colors, and occupations. 
Fifteen candidates are younger than 
3o, and 28 are 5o or over. 
Eleven of the candidates are wo­ men, six more than two years ago. 
Occupations range from student to outdoorsman to auctioneer to manage­ ment consultant to weatherman to professor. 
There’s even a journalist, not to mention a writer. Twenty-nine of the candidates are Mexican-American, and near a dozen are black. 
The deadline for signing up to vote in the April city election is Thursday. 
Absentee voting starts March 14 and ends March 29 at five locations, in­ cluding city hall. 
Final day 

Friday is the last day for candidates 
.who have filed to have second thoughts and pull out of the race. 
Those candidates who stay in the race will draw for place at 1:3o p. rn. 
Friday in the City Council chambers. 
Candidates, their ages and occupa­ tions, and the districts in which tinw­ are running follow . 

Mayor (City-Wide) 

Rev. L. 
Glasco. 58. retired minister; George 
Ripley. 58. manufacturer and importer; Saul 
Edward Jasso, 26. cosmetologist; Dr. Jose San 
Martin. 6(1. optometrist; John Monfrey, 64. beer distributor; Haul Rodriguez, 68, television re­ pairman; Mayor Lila Cockrell, 55. mayor; Susan 
Garry. 29. waitress and Socialist Workers Party candidate, and James C. Willingham, 53, ma­ chine shop owner. 

District I (inner core, city) 

Henry Cisneros. 29. assistant professor of the 
University of 
Texas at 
San 
Antonio and incumbent councilman; Robert Rodriguez. 35. 
- sales distributor and social worker, and Victor 
V Gonzalez, 48, mechanic, Santa Rosa Hospital. 

District 2 (East Side) 
Charles E. Williams Sr., 39, owner of W illiams 
Beauty Supply Co.; Rev. C. C. Houston. 54. pastor of the New Testament Baptist Church; Joe 
Webb. 41. store director; Murreno Gilford. 52. insurance counselor and chairman of the San 
Antonio Transit Board; P. G. “ Je ff" Jackson, 34. landscape contractor; Effie Pope Blandin, 59. unit coordinator for the South East Mental 
Health/ Mental Retardation; George R. Norman, 
44. I ’. S. Air Force retired; Rick Greene, 25. student and freelance writer; Alfredo “ Fred” 
Coy. 33. unemployed media communications consultant producer, and Victor I,. Dupree, 38. social worker. 

District 3 (Far Southeast) 

Helen Dunner. 56, co-owner of J. D. Sales; Bob 
Billa. 56. realtor and incumbent councilman; 
Bonnie B. Sunvison. 56. lists no occupation; A 
VV. “ Bob” Bean* Sr . Hi. owner of a piano moving co.; Jam es M “ Jim ” Lister. 52. auctioneer; 
Glen Horton. 37. master electrician and San 
Antonio College instructor; S A. “ S ia n " 

Fulcher. 58. businessman; Gary W. Woitena. factory worker at Negley Paint < o.. John Drus- kin. 68. civil service retired, and Leo Hahn, 4o. 
IGF deputy. 

District! (Deep South Side) 

Jim m y R Fiores. 47. patrolman. Gary Job 
Corps Filii I.cffler. 44. professional outdoors- man; Frank Wing. 39. Kelly A FB civil service;; ( 
A. Kelly. 57. president of C. A. Kchy Inc.; Willie 
Meyer, over 21. semi-retired and estate man­ agement; Manuel Obregon Flores. 58. journalist; 
Baul G. Perez, 39. property appraiser; Johnny 
Mata. 31. sales representative and former Toro and Wings football player, and John Machado, 
5o. civil service worker 

District 5 (South Side) 

Douglas Ozuna, 45. assistant Bexar ( aunty road foreman; Manuel Tony Rodriguez. 29, Kelly 
NFB civil service; Gilbert Nieto. 4o. sports director; Lu Betancourt. 39. credit manager; 
Manuel Munoz. 42. Kelly A FB civil service; 
Bernardo Fureste. 33. assistant professor. Our 
Lady of the Lake U niversity; Dario Chapa. 38. program administrator. 
MANCO 
Research 
Center, and Cecilia Martinez. 48. independent businessman. 

District 6 (Southwest) 

Boh Thompson. 38. attorney; Kay Brown. 49. real estate broker; Robert ii. “ Boh" Lozano. 26. 
Lackland A FB m ilitary; Rudy C. Ortiz. 33. counselor. St. Philip’s College; James J. Kelly. 
49. USAK retired major: Jose Fstala. 28. UTSA 
Student; Jesse Diaz. 33, insurance man; Leonard 
Medina. 38, business manager; Al Rohde. 56. real estate man and incumbent councilman, and 
William I). Bill Lane. 47. Air Force retired and ambulance and wrecker service and auto re­ pairs.’ 

District 7 (West) 

Richard Teniente. 48. pharmacist and incum­ bent councilman; Mike Fernandez, 47. assistant dean of students at Our Lady of the Lake Uni­ versity; Joe Alderete, 29, sales representative, 
CBM Education ( enter; Andres Gonzalez. 22. 
UTSA student and the second member of the 
Socialist Workers Party slate; Robert D. Tate. 
4o. K e lly A FB civil service; Mrs. Nancy Oli­ vares. over 21. wife and mother, and Richard J. 
“ Dick" Kopsky. 54. Kelly AFB retired. 

District 8 (Northwest) 

D. Ford Nielsen. 44. dentist and incumbent councilman; David C. Brown Jr.. 57. civil service retired; Winifred •Winnie" Vetter. 24. mother and wife; Phil Pyndus. 55. steel company exe­ cutive and incumbent councilman; Steven K, 
Wolfson. 25. attorney, and Fred Barricklow. HU. 
UTSA student. 

District 9 (North) 

Glen Hartman. 47. retired civil service worker and part-time television weatherman and in­ cumbent councilman; Van Archer. 36. business­ man; Jim Dement, 5o. builder and developer, and Roy A. Bendele Jr .. 25. representative. 
Control Data Corporation. 

District IO (Northeast) 

Bill Healey, 52. retired army officer and UTSA student; Helen Walter, over 21, who lists her occupation as overburdened taxpayers politi­ cian; John Steen. 55. insurance executive and former chairman of the defunct Good Govern­ ment League; Art Phillips, 29. mortgage con­ sultant and UTSA student; Paul M. Foley, 49, retired colonel, and Art Phillips. 29, manage­ ment consultant and student at UTSA. 
Our lowest priced flat 

 latex paint. 

Interior flat latex wall 

 paint is easy to apply 

 and dries fast. Available 

 in white, bone white, 

 and antique white. 

Charge it, use your JCPenney 

 charge card. 

28.88 
Our hand held Shower Massage by Water P»k delivers pulsating beats that soothe, stimulate and massage. Has regular spray, massage action up to 9.ooo jets per minute o any combination of both. 

Stationary Shower Massage by Water Pik (not shown) isn t just an ordinary shower head It soothes, stimulates, massages. Adjust the dial for up to 9,ooo jets per minute. 
JCPenney Days 

South Park Mall, 923-5461 
Windsor Park Mall, 654-155o 

SAVE *5o 

Austin is goal of union march 

SAN ANTONIO EXPRESS— Thursdoy Morch 3 1977 
Pope 13-A 
Law m akers take the time to hear S.A. historian 

RAYMONDVILLE, 
(A P ) — A sm a ll group of Moxican-Amer- jeans calling themselves the 
T e x a s 
F a r m 
Worker’s Union (TFW ) is hiking to Austin hoping to lay a controversial bill at the feet of the Texas 
Legislature. 
“ We hope to arrive in 
Austin on Palm Sunday 
(April 3 ) .” sa id Tony 
O rendain, the self- professed TFW sp o k e s­ man. “ We have 18 p e r­ sons with us today, but on the w eek en d s w o rk e rs from El P a so to M u le­ shoe will join us.” 
The m arch b egan 
Saturday about 33o miles south of Austin at the San 
.Juan Shrine in the Rio 
Grande Valley, called the 
“ Valley of 
T ears” by 
Orendain. 
“ O p p ressive w orking 

CONVERSATIONAL 
ENGLISH, FRENCH, 
GERMAN, PERSIAN 
AND SPANISH 

CRASH COURSES— 
CLASSES—TUTORING 

STARTING MARCH 14 
For more information 

Call: 
Learning 
Resources 
342-3566 

Offic* hours: 12-4 

 conditions, m urder and r e p re ssio n , so-called 
‘right-to-work’ laws, lack' of political and civil rights and human misery have converted the plush and green valleys of the 
Rio Grande into what the farm w o rk ers call the valley of T ears.” reads a pamphlet Orendain sells entitled “ The Struggle of the 
T e x a s 
F a r m 
Worker’s Union." 
Bill 
Orendain and his fol­ lowers also ca rry with them the 34-page bill that would give farm workers unionization and collec­ tive bargaining powers. 
Ile also has a petition supporting the bill with 
“ about 15,ooo to 2o,ooo s ig n a tu r e s and could p o ssib ly triple by the time we get to Austin. 
“ Many people do not want the legislation in­ troduced,” he continued but added the bill has the pledged support of state 
Sen. C arlo s T ru an of 
Corpus Christi and twit state representatives, Ir­ ma Rangel of Kingsville and Gonzalo Barrientos of Austin. 
Orendain also said the bill is an “ almost carbon copy of the 1973 bill passed in California.” 
The 47-year-old union organizer said he became involved with farm workers about 23 y ears ago after meeting Cesar 
Chavez, who championed the cause in California. 
O rendain w as secre- ta r y tr e a s u r e r of the 
United Farm Workers in 
19H7 when Chavez sent 

 him to T e x a s. He h as sin ce form ed his own group, the T exas F arm 
Workers’ Union. 

The m u sta c h io e d O- rendain would not reveal the n u m ber of TFW’ members but said that in 
1973 during a strik e in 
Rio Grande City, there were 8,ooo p e rso n s in ­ volved. He said, however, the TFW is not presently involved in any collective b a rg a in in g 
T.R. FEHRENBACH legislature ad d re sse s T exas 

EXPKESS CAPITOL BURT AU 
AUSTIN — Law m akers took time out Wednesday to celebrate the 141st birthday of Texas' indepen­ dence highlighted with a speech by San Antonio author and historian T. R. Fehrenbach. 
Fehrenbach. whose 14 books in IO languages include “ Lone Star, Fire and Blood.” and “ Com- m anche” , was invited to address the joint session of the House and Senate by Sen. .John T raeger of 
Seguin. 
“ I have lived in times and places where some have tried to im press me with the unimportance of what we know as the birth of T exas,” Fehrenbach told the packed House cham ber and gallery. 
“ We Texans, however, have a blood memory to live by. 
“ I have a blood memory of courage and sustained 

 hopes that extend across the generations . . . of the 
Alamo, of Goliad, of Washington-on-the-Brazos and a battle on the banks of Buffalo Bayou . . . where men were true to Texas and to themselves. 
"Out of this struggle they m ade a nation both o f 
Texas and America, not an empire. Texas m ade both a sm aller and greater nation on this continent,” 
Fehrenbach said. 
Tracing T e x a s’ history in sweat and blood. F eh ­ renbach also recalled the people's struggle to carve a republic and later a state from the soil of the wilderness. 
“ I have enormous faith in people who have been rooted in the soil of their history," he said, “ for it is in this soil that the real strength of this nation is rooted forever. 
“ I glory in being a Texan.” 
S.A. m an’s death in M exico probed 

SPfCIAl TO THI EXPRESS 

MEXICO CITY — A spokesm an from the U.S. 
E m bassy Wednesday said Mexico City police were still conducting an investigation into the death of 
San Antonio native Douglas M. McEachern dr. 

McEachern, 42. was found dead in his apartment at 1o:15 p.m. Monday by friends. 

“ The door was locked, but one of the friends had a key because McEachern went out of town frequently and this friend took care of the apartm ent,” the spokesman said. 

McEachern was found in a bathtub filled with water. He had several stab wounds, most of them in the neck area, the spokesman said. 

Researcher 

M cE achern w as a ch em istry professor and re­ search er at the Advanced Stu d ies Center of the 
Institute Polytecnico Nacional in Mexico City. He had lived there IO years. 

McEachern is the son of Mr. and Mrs. Douglas M. 
M c E a c h e rn S r ., 13o T r e a s u r e W ay. A fa m ily spokesman said no funeral arrangem ents had been made. 

What can an airline do for you beyond the expected.7 

THE ULTRA 
TOUCH OF 
LEATHER IN 
COACH. 

Radio /haektt 
REALISTIC 8-TRACK STEREO 

, m m 
* 

Tape off-the-air, copy records, even make live recordings using mike inputs on our best 8-track record/ play deck. Only at The ShackR. 

14 925 

. . dnd von can 
CHARGE IT 
At Radio Shack 
CSCO 

Tne<.t> Lo cj'ds e»o iw n m c r t a i oertic ip o '-n g 
Mad'o Shack ilfx p s 
O' fd 'rtil plans m ay 
AIV) available Detd'K a' you' ’'•■J' t>y i ii «e 
SAVE 62% 

CUT *15 

CHICAGO 
12 DEPARTURES 

 leather coach seats 

The cool comfort of leather is here in coach as well as first class. Each month more of 
Bra niffs jet fleet, 9o strong, will have the quiet elegance and superior quality of leather seats. 
The Ultra Touch of leather, one thing an airline can do for its passengers beyond the expected. 

...EVERY BUSINESS DAY. 
BRANIFF SERVICE EMRY 
HOUR ON THE HOUR FROM 
1o:oo A M. TO 5:oo HNI. 

I KAN I 
ARRIS t 

7:oo ani. 
UM 5 a.m. 
7:1 5 a.m. 
1o:5o a.m. 

S:lY a in. iK s.t> > 
11:2o ain. 

o:oo am . 
1:2o pan. 

1:oo a in. 
5.5o pan. 
I .pp Ni HUI ll ( >. >i I 
5:2o pan. 

1:oo p.m. 
4*’ o pan. 

2 oo p.m. 
5-2o pan. 

5:oo pan. b 2o pan. 

4:oo pan. 
■'iii i 
I pan. 

5:oo pan. ii. >it i 
S.25 pan. 

6: 5o pan. a ( ' » 
1o:45 pan. 

 si R\ lei 

One Mop 

One-stop 

One stop 

O n e -Mop 
Thru 

■ P t . i n i H i t M i n t , I ti >i 

DETROIT 
3 DEPARTURES 

WEEKDAYS. 
BRANIFF HAS MORNING. 
MIDDAY AND EVENING 
DEPARTURES. 

 lf AVL 

7:oo a.m. 
2:oo Noon 
4 OO p.m. a v s.ti I 

ARR IYF 
SERVICE 
12Ao p.m. 
4 .5o pan. 
SF 55 pan. 

‘Hr,miff Cornet.in >n 

GOING TO EUROPE’. 
FLY BRANIFF TO CHICAGO - 
OUR CONCOURSE 
IS ADJACENT TO 
INTERNATIONAL DEPARTURES 

OR RESERVATIONS AND D IS C O U N T FA R ES, CALL YOUR TRAX EL AGENT 
OR BRANIFF AT 224-4941 ...24 H O URS A DAY.THERE ARE NO LOWER 
DAYTIME DISCOUNT FARES TH A N BRA NIFF’S. ASK FOR DETAILS. 

THE CHOICE OF SOUTH AMERICA VACATIONS WITH FLYING COLORS. 
The choice to Panama s island beaches and duty free shopping. To Colom­ bia, with its own uncrowded Caribbean. To the Andean mountain resorts of 
Ecuador, Pern and Chile. To Rios Copacabana and to the nightlife of Buenos 
Aires. And Bran iff gives you the choice of special air fares and more Noivsn >ps from the U .S.A . to South America than any other airline. 
BRANIFF gets you there with Flying Colors 

BIG 1" D IG ITA L DISPLAY 
REALISTIC S> CLOCK RADIO 

Reg. 
5495 

• Wake to A M -F M M usic and !or Alarm 
• Snooze Bar and Sleep Switch 

PRICE CUT <13 
M IC R O N T A ii 
M U LTITE STE R 

BIG CB BARGAIN! 
NEVER DRIVE ALONE! 

21-141 

Reg. 3495 

2 1 9 5 mem rn 22 2o4 

• 5o.ooo V/Q. 43 Ranges 
• Overload Protected 
• 4'k" M irrored Scele 
• With Leads. Batteries. 
Complete Instructions 

Realistic 6-channel mobile radio at a give-away S5o OFF price' ANL. lighted dial, automatic gain control Ready to use on one channel Add crystals for ANY of five more channels' 

SAVE 37% 

6-FU N C TIO N 
D IG ITA L W A TC H 
Reg. 3988 

^ 
£ 
8 
8 

 fm 
63 5oo2 

• Quarti Controlled LEO 
Display by Micron ta * 
• Reads Hour. Minute. 
Second. Month, Date, and Day of the Week 

RADIO SHACK S 1977 PRICES ARE ON AVERAGE W IT H IN I % OF OUR LOW 1975 PRICES 
.CALLAGHAN STORE CLOSED SATURDAY— OPEN SUNDAYS 

• 15o Wonderland Clr. 
• 251o Austin Highway 
• Basse West Shop Or. 
Tandy i low err level 
653-o471 
3o21 W West Avo 
735 9161 
• Wind tor Perk Moll 
341 9411 

• Control Pork Moll 
79oo IM 35 N. 
• leon Valley Shop Or. 
Outside Intr once ne it to 
653 1437 
6955 Bandore 4 Mebner 
Handy Andy 
• 4oo3 Broadway 
644 9322 
342 9547 
422 1639 
• 313 N Alamo Plato 
• S kapgi Alhet iron Shop Clr. 
• 7111 Son Pedro Avo. 
Across from the The Aloma'’ 
Blanco 4 Wert Avo. 
349-154o 
Across from Globe Shop Clr. 
223 4732 

342 3 391 
• lone Oak Moil 
• I look hollow Shop Clr. 
945 South WW White Id 
I SOS! Son Pedro 
• lolling Ridge Shop Or. 
333 6711 
494 2591 
Ivor s Rd 4 loop 41o 
644 6351 
• 24o1 Nofolitot 
• 4944 Broadway 
(Nogablet 4 Thee) 
Nail lo Broadway Theater 
• 995o Wwriboch Id. 
927 6415 
422 IMS 
MIB Shop Or. Wolbach 4 I IO 
6 644 S W Mattery Or. 

• Perrin Ploio Shop Clr. 
696-459o 
Across front Southside Sears 

Nacogdoches at Perrin Betlel Bd- 
• 3447 Iradaricktbvrg 
924 4451 

656 3495 
7)2-16o1 
• 6924 Mallory Dr W. 
674 62o) 

• lout* Perk Moll 
IM 35 I Mtltloiy Or 
924 I I H 

• Ion Sowthcroti 1 1-17 
SM IM 

• 4o9 Myrtles* Pieta 
M y rtles* Moll 
533 946V 

• (ro m oa4* Shop (lr 
4461 W Comment ol 
Gen M(Mullen 
4324321 

•1422 CALLAGHAN 4 
((JUMA 
432-4361 

• 13o9 Bondoro id 
Git ion Shop Clr. 
433 1o24 

Radio 
/h ack 

UNIVERSAL CITY 
• 17o1 Rot Booker 
Get*way Shop Clr. 
654 5oo5 

NEW BRAUNFELS 

• Walnut Square Shop Clr. 
625 72o1 
SAN MARCOS 

• Springtown Shop Clr. 
321 SprMyton Way 

SEGUIN 

• Plato Del Ray Clr. 
1355 1 Court 
379 3623 

{J A TANDY CORPORATION COMPANY 

Page 
I4-A 
Thursday March 3 I 977 
San Antonio Express 
EDITORIALS 

C h arles O Kilpatrick 
Ed ito r a n d Publisher 

W illia m J 
R eddell 

E d ito r o f E d ito ria l P a g e 
G e o rg e C arm ack 
A sso ciate Editor 

Fane I. Burt 
M a n a g in g Editor 

TW Q B still wonders about the aquifer 

Texas Water Quality Board directors will try again Thurs­ day to sort out the argum ents over a protective order for the seven-countv Edwards aquifer. 

T wo counties want out of the present order and TWQB E x e ­ cutive Director Hugh Yantis has been trying hard to a c c o m m o ­ date th e m . Y a n tis' first p r o ­ posed a separate order — and procedures for water protection that would be included in each order — for each county. Five of the c o u n t ie s , through then- elected officials, objected. 

 against pollution. 
An extensive examination of present conditions and pro­ posed changes for Uvalde and 
Kinney last Fob. 9 followed an earlier TWQB meeting at which the directors were obviously un­ prepared to hear the debate. 

Bexar. 
Medina. 
Kendall. 
Comal and Hays counties sup­ port the a r g u m e n t that the aquifer is a single underground water reservoir and what affects one part of it affects it all. Kin­ ney and Uvalde argue that po­ pulation and development den­ sity is too sparse to matter, a s ­ s u m in g ordinary p r e ca u tio n s 

In view of the unanimity of officials from the five counties who want a single order — as it is now — the directors should require p e r su a siv e e v id e n c e that the proposed changes are in the public interest. Our position , has been stated repeatedly: On the basis of Yantis' first pro­ posed Edwards order and his lack of professional treatment of a problem zone in the aquifer's 
“ hot zone" off IL S. 281 north of 
San Antonio, we have lost confi­ dence in his administration of sound water policy. 

Texas and society 

1'he live-county presentation is important. 

G onzalez abandons lost cause 

 and quits assassination panel 

A breakdown in House lea­ d ersh ip has alm ost certain ly finished off a proposed investi­ gation of the assassinations of 
President John Kennedy and Dr. 
Martin Luther King .lr. 

 than budget allowed, insisted upon a $8.5 million annual bud­ get and big staff. The House gave the committee $84.o(1(1 a month and limited its life to the end of March. 

Sir: Re: "R esidents of Texas town now arc so rry ” (Georgie Anne Cloyer. 
Express, Fob. 25). Is it possible that ou r local e d ito rial s ta ff has been scooped by Georgic Anne? 
How is it that this Eustace, Tex., dram a would have escaped analysis but for the thorough research activities of Geyer and Company? 
A sinister instigator is exposed and a dismal symbol is proposed; the symbol of a small town in Texas as: Defiant? 
Ignorant? Regretful? Self-sufficient? or What? 
What is this article about any way? It is a m ish-mash of phrases about PHA, 
Texas Power and Light, Acm e brick, small town complacency, living with coloreds, an instigator of a mayor, and governm ent b u reau cracy reg u latin g social change in spite of less federal interference by the 
C arter 
Administration. 
Maybe it tries lo say that a big complicated state like this (Texas, not the United States) would never receive the proper aspects of socialization were it not lot the national wire service and its syndicated experts on small town Texas society. 
Incidentally, how does one go about determ ining if a signature has been 
“ scrawled angrily" on a petition? 
Robert Sheppard 

TO THE EDITOR 

 l e tte r s to this n e w s p a p e r sh o u ld b e s h o rt a n d th e y m u st b e sig n ed . Initials o n ly w ill b e u s e d a t w rite r's re q u e s t. C o rrect a d d re s s a n d te le p h o n e n u m b e r fo r id en tifica tio n o f le tte rs a r e n e e d e d , l e t t e r s w ill b e e d ite d fo r le n g th , g o o d ta s t e a n d le g a l re a s o n s . 
A d d ress: le t t e r s to th e e d ito r, P.O . Bo* 21 7 1 , Son 
A ntonio, TX 78797. 

 on the old (1932-33) wage and price controls. OPA, because if we don't, we'll be paying a wheel barrow full of worthless dollars for a loaf of bread. 
The* taxpayers of this country can't continue to feed the world. Who's going to feed us when we go broke? Nobody. 
Think about it and then w rite to your congressm en if you think that that will do any good. We've only got one mail in 
Congress that represents us and that s 
Henry IL Gonzalez and I don’t even know the man but ITI vote for him in anc election. 
II W Rail 
Let's now om it trivia brickbats 

Hep. Henry B. Gonzalez gav e up the fight Wednesday and, in effect, saw a committee's chiel counsel overrule the chairman of the c o m m it t e e . That u n ­ precedented action followed a long dispute during which time 
Chairman Gonzalez tried to fire the c o u n s e l. 
R icha rd 
A. 
Sprague. 

Gonzalez obviously could see the Sprague episode as killing the committee and did the sen­ sible thing — quit. 

Heading linked lo pupil’* desire 

Sprague had the support of all of the Gonzalez committee m em bers. Trouble broke open when S p ra g u e m oved faster 

Attorney General Griffin Bell has said he would like to know how Dr. K in g ’s convicted a s ­ sailant. dames Earl Ray, got enough money for the extensive travel he did after the slaying. It would be appropriate for him to try to find out and relieve the 
Congress of further concern on that point. 

Sir: Re: Mrs. S. S. letter (Eel). 21 >. If lier son wanted to learn to read and write, lit* could and would. 
Mrs. Mary Evans 

Sir: With no many problem s iii this world, one would think a sw eater worn for a lire-side chat could not bt* earth shaking. Bul since ILA.IL found it necessary lo criticize (Letters. Feb. v la 

(NOTE: Refers to plea for money for reading c l a s s e s for high school students who can't read.) 

W elfare found to he disgusting 

U.S. pensions should be fair to retirees, future taxpayers 

President Carter is poking around a sensitive nerve on the 
“ almost uncontrollable c o sts” of military retirement pensions and other manpower costs in the defense establishment. lit* wants a blue-ribbon com ­ mittee to examine tile problem. 
Some id’ those costs are a part of the price the country must pay for three major wars within a single generation. They are easts that must be paid as fair­ ness and prior c o m m i t m e n t s require. 
But there are costs that are rolled into practice that is called double-dipping. That means one worker taps the federal pension pool from two different jobs. 

Assuming federal pensions are fully funded — which is* a reck­ less a s s u m p tio n , indeed — a c o m m itt e e of a c tu a r ie s , blue ribbon or not, could project dol­ lar requirements into the future. 

All the pensions funded from public federal funds should be included in the stu dy. That means congressional as well as career civil servants. 

Personnel policies, including pay. allowances and pensions, should be fair and affordable to the next generations. When they are not, it means Congress has been careless in its oversight job 
— and there's painful catching up to do. 

Sir; It gets pretty dern disgusting to hear from anybody that's on welfare tell you that they can't work in your yard because it will cause them re­ duced welfare cheeks. 
I wanted about two hours of yard work done. This young man told me that he would charge m e $13 to dig up the two toot by It) flower bed and $2 to pick up the extra grass he'd pulled out and another $2 to put all of this extra grass aud weeds iii the front of the curb for the garbage m an to pick up. 
Needless to say. I told that boy to get oil of w elfare and try to m ake an honest living because I don't believe in paying a bum $2o for 3o minutes work. 
I thought I would be helping a poor underprivileged person out by letting bim do som ething to earn a few bucks iii my yard but that's not the ease any more. 
The unions and the welfare have put this country iii such a bind that the country can ’t go anywhere but down and to hell. 
Don't tell m e about unions . . . I was a Union Iron W orker for 27 years and all of the new men I got that cam e out on any job that I was in charge of wore too d u m b to know th e d iffe re n c e between a granny and a square knot. 
Between the unions and the Welfare 
Departm ent, this country is going to hell and last 
I'd suggest that this country go back 

Patrick 
Iii 
J. 

Castro: 
Let him stew in own juice 

24) I find the urge to answer. lf Abe Lincoln bad had the m edium of TV, wouldn't he have looked absurd seated before a fireplace, iii stovepipe hat and Prince Albert coat? We don't know what apparel EDR may have chosen for his famous chats, radio did not reveal Surely som ething com for­ table. 
We now have a President w ho finds it wise to cut governm ent expenses, re­ duce the te m p e ra tu re of the White 
House to 65 degrees, so what could be more appropriate and sensible than a sw eater for a low key talk? 
P .A .B . sh o u ld h a v e r e a d B etty 
Beale's “ Washington L etter" (Jan. 3o) 
“ Garters entertain with style and ele­ gance." and Im* assured that our new 
First Fam ily can present sartorial, as well as other elegance, when the si­ tuation requires it. 
The Kennedy's were famous for ex­ travagance in clothes, and .IFK for that hackneyed word. " c h a ris m a .” But 
Ins private White House life, in his w ife s absence, was reg rettab le. So clothes prove little The C arters do not need p resu m p tu o u s su g g e stio n s on how “ to talk with kings.” They have already dem onstrated that ability ad­ mirably. 
Being a Republican docs not prevent my giving c re d it w here it is due. 
Jim m y and Rosalyn C arter are striv ­ ing to m ake this a better world. Let s 
- omit the ridiculous brickbats for tri- 

YVASHINGTON - "...It is li­ kely that one more public refer­ ence by Mr. Carter to Cuba's internal or foreign policies will provoke an emotional response from Havana that could scuttle the first real opportunity in more than a decade for ending the 17-year-old cold war between the two countries." 

T h u s sa id p u b lis h e r 
W illia m 
Al tweed of Newsday, recent visitor to 
Cuba. 
The tone of the dispatch was. well, disconsolate. 
Why? We should be delighted. Let us hope C arter speaks up again and again about H avana’s foreign adventures, its s y s t e m a t i c r e p r e s s i o n of h u m a n rights. 
Cuba’s record 
Considering C uba’s record these past 
17 years, why should we wish to estab ­ lish economic or political relations? 
It was Castro who stole $1.8 billion in property belonging to the stockholders of U.S. com panies, Castro who turned his island into a hem ispheric outpost and missile base of the Soviet Union. 
( astro who publicly executed scores of e n e m ie s an d ja ile d by th e te n s of th o u s a n d s C u b a n s w h o se p r i m a r y crim e is sharing the political beliefs of most Americans. 
Why recognize his regim e now and lilt the economic em bargo? 
What has Castro done to m erit such a concession? 

Beulah P. Sherrill 

 isorganization slows Carter 

W ASHINGTON - The poll­ sters have been out measuring 
President Carter s popularity against Ins squeaky margin of victory la s t November. 
They* have m ade the unsurprising discovery I hat he is m uch m ore po­ pular now than when he was elected. 
This follows the norm al trend after close presidential elections or ascen­ dency to power. 
T rum an. Kennedy aud Johnson alt p ic k e d up p o in ts iii th e firs t few weeks after the) cam e into the White 
House 
( arte r s gains, however, are m ore im pressive, and reflect m ore than the natural support for a new president 
Achievements 
But what is nil crest mg aiwan this is that In* is gaining iii national popu­ la r 11> ju s t w hen so m e of his own people in Washington are saying it is far too early to reach decisions about what will happen when it really has to lace the hard, divisive issues. 
T here is g en e ral a g re e m e n t here ultout C a rter's m ain achievem ents 

Ile has taken com m and. 
Ile has put to g eth er a com petent t abl net including a superb vice pre­ sident. lh* was dom inated the news. 
IU* has im p o sed his own un iq u e personality, style and moral authori­ ty on the governm ent, but this is still a very young and incomplete ad m in ­ istration. which has not yet run into what Vice P resid en t M ondale calls 
"th e hard rocks in the road " 
Reorganization 
For exam ple, ( a rte r has talked a great deal about the need for reo r­ ganization and efficiency in the exe­ cutive branch, but som e of his own most pro m in en t aides feel that his own W hite House is not exactly a model of either good organization or efficiency. 
T h is c r i t i c i s m , in c id e n t a ll y , is usually directed mainly at Hamilton 
Jo rd a n , the P re sid en t'# clo sest a d ­ viser. and at F ran k Moore, ins prin­ cipal liaison officer with Congress. 
C abinet m e m b e r s c o m p la in that they cannot gel expeditious clearance for their appointm ents from Jordan. 

 bere is that C urter bas been so do­ minant and successful in his first few weeks that he is not getting the hard open criticism from his Cabinet that lie invited and prom ised. 

 that he doesn t answer their calls and even loses their papers, all of which has slowed down the organization of a go v ern m en t that still h a s n 't filled half of the appointm ents that have to go to the Senate for confirmation 
Real tussle 
M oore is in a re a l tu s s le w ith members of C ongress now, for the adm inistration is beginning to fill the top federal jobs out ut tile country: 
Regional diri*ctors of Health. E duca­ tion and Welfare; Housing and Urban 
Development. Transportation, etc. 
H ere th e re a re e n d le ss co nflicts iM'tween C urler’s insistence on com ­ petence. and the Capitol Hill p re s ­ sures lur patronage, so that Moore, like Jordan, is overwhelmed. 
Perhaps a m ore serious complaint 

Also, that he is too "tru stfu l'* of 
Cabinet m em bers who tell him they are cutting out unnecessary bureaus. aud takes them at their word without cheeking their assurances. 
Jordan biune 
Incidentally, nobody accuses J o r ­ dan of going soft on C a rter. Even th ose who say he is d is o rg a n iz e d praise him for his bluntness 

Ile told the President the oilier day, for exam ple, that he w asn’t going to the w eekly C a b in e t m e e tin g s any longer for th ee w ere a " w a s t e of time.** 
Vice President Mondale bus a dll lercnt view or at least an explanation of all this 
Ile n o tes th a t J o r d a n is mil an issu es m a n , bul an o rg a n iz a tio n , personnel, and hum an relations pol. ileal man who doesn t have to spend two hours al a Cabinet m eeting lis­ 

 tening d iscu ssio n of the en e rg y problem. 
It is easier to take a |xdl and get a gotwl scoreboard with the public than to organize a governm ent and satisfy 
\\ ashingtoii. 

In the til days these people have been in charge, they have been ru n ­ ning so haiti th e y ’ve sc arce ly had tim e to think. 
Minor to issues 
" T h e s e o r g a n iz a ti o n t h i n g s , " 
Mondale says, " a re m inor com pared lo the issues we’re facing. The ques­ tion is w hether the W hite House is organized in a way so that most of the 
President's lim e can be spent on the serious issues. That ' n all that counts around here, and I believe the answ er 
Is v e s." 

Others close to the President would agree with Mondale's definition but argue w itll his conclusion, for there is a growing feeling that the organiza­ tion is not yet iii good order aud thai the disorganization is preventing the 
President from spending m ost of his time on "the serious issues." 

More im portant, w hat's in it for us'.' 
Absolutely nothing 

‘You men realize that we’re in a struggle to preserve our entire standard of spending.’ 

C u b a h a s a b s o lu te ly n o th in g we need. 
S urely his r e g im e is a m o n g th e world s m ost odious, holding captive m ore political p risoners than all the other nations of Latin A m erica taken together. 
Of late, however, som e enlightened 
C S. jo u rn alists and politicians have been invited to Cuba. 
Once there, they are given, often by 
Castro himself, the Potem kin tour. 
R eturning hom e they sing the wonders of the New Cuba, even us an earlier generation of dupes cam e home in the 192os and 193os to sing hosanna to Stalin’s Russia. 
Look at Castro 
But look at C astro’s record. 
After imposing an alien ideology on ais co u n try , he a tte m p te d to export revolution into Latin Am erica. 
In Bolivia, the most overrated g u er­ rilla w arrior of all. Che G uevara, got him self waxed in one such bum bling effort. 
C astro has fu rth e r stirre d up anti- 
A m eric a n is m th ro u g h o u t th e C a rib ­ bean. from Ja m a ic a to Puerto Rico. 
He has m ilita ry a d v is e rs all o v er 
Africa. 
His troops w ere responsible for the 
Com munist victory in Angola and" the widespread atrocities com m itted in the south of that country. 
Called failure 

* 
Critics say that since Castro has nut fallen, the U.S. em bargo is a failure 
Nonsense. 
The e m b a rg o ’s purpose w as not to topple Castro, but lo m ake his regim e pay an e c o n o m ic p ric e for p la y in g monkey to the organ g rin d e rs iii the 
Kremlin. 
It has worked splendidly . 
Cuba no longer ran k s th ird in p er capita income in Latin Am erica. 
Her foreign debt is enorm ous. 
Rationing, even of sugar, is in effect. lier economy has been w racked by an absence of ears, trucks, sp a re parts. etc*., as w ell as c o l la p s in g s u g a r prices. 
I he econom ic burden on the h a rd ­ pressed R u ssian s — who pay ( astro three tim es the world price for sugar. and sell him 99 im r cent of his oil at half the w orld p rice — is e s tim a ted between $2 m illion and $4 m illion a day simply because a few greedy Amer­ ican b u s in e s s m e n a re in te re s te d iii 
•quick p ro fits in th e C uba tr a d e , or som e left-wing in te lle ctu als want to see Castro succeed, is no reason to bail him out. 
Let him rot. 
( a r te r should pay no atte n tio n to those A m ericans of the selective moral indignation who weep publicly for a handful of prisoners 5.IMH) miles aw av in G reece or C hile, but blind th em stiv e s to the th o u sa n d s su fferin g 9( miles off our own shores. 
Five conditions 
II C arter believes in hum an rights lie will bolt down that em b arg o evei tighter — lifting it only on five cond! lions: 
• Removal of all Cuban troops Iron ovcrseas 
• 
O uster of the R ussian m illtu r from his island. 
• 
O p e n in g ol ( ulia s politic.) prisons. 
• 
Negotiated com pensation for th 
A m ericans and Cubans robbed of thci property by the biggest thief in til hem isphere. 
• At least the sam e m easure ut |miIi 
Ileal and econom ic freedom iii Cuba a today enjoyed iii Portugal and Spain 

SAN ANTONIO EXPRESS— THursdoy March 3 1977 

-X I 
■' 

IDI AMIN, as unpredictable as usual, has gained the headlines with his dealings with Americans in Uganda. An escapee from Uganda gives his view on Amin in the ac­ companying article. 
BLOOD BATH 

Continued from P age IA anything or say anything. Tho archbi­ shop (Janani Lim inn) tried to say so­ m ething and he's d ead .” 
This official and several other highly placed U gandans who have sought re­ fuge here this week provided the Los 
Angeles T im es Service with an account of recent U gandan h o rro rs far m ore extensive than prev iously known. 
All w ere m e m b e rs of U g a n d a 's d i­ m inishing class of educated elite. In addition to the two who had access to 
Amin, one was a doctor and two were university professors. Each said that revealing his nam e or his precise po­ sition would endanger his family, left behind in Uganda 
They said an underground network had b ee n s e t up to aid d i s t r a u g h t 
Ugandans — an increasing n um ber of whom are top governm ent w orkers — in their escape from Kampala. 
T hey w ould not e l a b o r a te on th e network other than to say it involves a h arro w in g jungle jo u rn ey by foot to cross into Kenya and that dozens have been killed in unsuccessful escape a t­ tem pts. 
The crossing is m ade without inter­ feren ce from K enyan officials. T he 
Kenya te rm inus is at K isum u. west of 
Lake Victoria. 
T he refu g ees said the “ d is a p p e a r ­ ances" and arrests first becam e known about J a n . 18. one w eek b efo re the celebration m ark in g Amin s sixth a n ­ niversary in office. 
"In U ganda." said a M akerere Uni­ versity professor, "w hen you bear to­ day th a t s o m e o n e is a r r e s t e d , you know that person is d ead." 
At least 1o,ooo 

While there is no firm estim ate how many people have been killed in the p as t s e v e n w e e k s , on e of A m in 's form er confidants said that in Uganda the num ber is believed "to be not less than 1o.ooo." 
Thousands of others are in flight. 
Most a re Aeholi and Lango but to a lesser degree C hristians and intellec­ tuals also have fallen victim to Amin s ire. 
The latest death toll would not be out of c h a ra c te r for a reg im e which the 
G e n e v a -b a se d In te rn a tio n a l C o n fe r­ ence of Ju rists said in 1973 was guilty of the “ worst reign of terror iii recent 
African history." 
E stim ates of the num ber killed since 
Amin, a form er arm y sergeant with a s e c o n d - g ra d e e d u c a t io n , a s s u m e d power in 1971 range up to 3oo.ooo Tens of thousands of other U gandans have fled to neighboring countries. 
When Amin uncovered iii la t e J a n ­ uary w h a t he believed w a s a plot lo overthrow him , he formed a 5.ooo-man unit, composed of soldiers and civilian s e c u r ity p e r s o n n e l, to tr a c k dow n 
HBG QUITS 

How in-law escaped clutches of Idi Amin 

Lango and Aeholi tribesm en through­ out the country, sources said. 
All reports indicate that the unit is both ruthless and effective. 
T he A eholis, a ta ll, d a rk -sk in n e d p eo p le w ith a h is to ry of w a r f a r e , generally live in the area around Oulu. north of K am pala. 
T he L an g o . a sto c k y peo p le w ith cerem onial skin cuts extending from the corner of their eyes. are native to the nearby Atura region. 
T ogether the tribes com prise about 4 per cent of U ganda’s population. 
Until the recent purge started, about half the m e m b e rs of the 2o.ooo-man arm y w ere Acholia and Langi. 
Amin is a Kakwa. from the n o rth ­ west nub of Uganda beyond the Albert 
Nile. It is considered one of the m ost backward of U ganda's 4o tribes. 
A m in ’s latest bloodletting, a c c o rd ­ ing to ev e ry av a ila b le re p o rt, is un attem pt to elim inate all Aehoiisan and 
Langi in positions of any type of au th ­ ority and to replace them with KAK- 
WAS. 
Amin has not trusted the two tribes since his earliest days in office, partly b e c a u s e of t h e i r p o w e r th r o u g h n u m b e rs in the a rm y and partly be­ cause Obotc. now in exile in Tanzania. is an Aeholi. 
Educated a threat 
It is also known that Amin considers anyone with an education a threat. At the Jan. 23 celebrations he announced: 
“ lf the lecturers want to leave M aker­ e re U n iv e r s ity , let th e m . I ll g e t lecturers from Britain and the United 
States." 
Dozens of p rofessors and stu d en ts have disappeared iii the m eantim e and intelligence sources said Amin seem s intent on rcmov mg all educated p e r­ sons from positions of responsibility. 
As an exam ple, they point out that the m an Amin choose as his vice p re­ sident six w eeks ago. Gen. M ustafa 
Adrisi. can barely read or write. Some of A m in’s newest and closest advisers are illiterate and have to use an inked thum bprint in lieu of a signature. 
Ruling pends in gun death 

A ruling is pending in the death of a 
47-year-old Sun Antonio man found at his residence Wednesday night with a gunshot wound in the head. 
Police identified the victim as Juan 
Barricntez. of 2517 Quintana Boud. 
The m an was found sprawled on the floor of a buck bedroom about ll p.m .. 

 jmiIicc s a i d . 
Officers wert* told a gunehot was h eard sh ortly before the m an was found. A .22-caliber weapon was found near the body, police said 

By FRANCIS N YEN DE K1BEDI 
NAIROBI, Kenya — In 1961, when I was 12, my 21-year-old sister, Sarah, failed to return home for more than a week, and our mother was very worried. 
Then one day. a blue sedan drove up to our house and a tall. powerfully built man got out and asked for our m other. 
When she a p p e ared , tilt* m an told her: " M o th e r. I am your son 
I am 
Cap>t. Idi Amin. I work in the arm y at 
Jinja. Your daughter Sarah is living with me. 
T h is w as m y first g lim p s e of the m an who was to become my brother- in-law — and the president of Uganda. 
He m arried my sister. S arah, and they had seven children. 
A m in tr e a te d m e like a y o u n g e r b rother, and I spent m y school holi­ days at his house with Sarah. 
He was a good com panion, .lolly and considerate, never showing a trace of cruelty toward his family. 
But even then he was unpredictable, often m aking p ro m ises he could not fulfill. 
• I doubt anyone would have guessed that Amin would one day become p re­ sident. but it was clear he was c a re ­ fully building a cadre of young soldiers personally loyal to him. 
So, when I was 2o and had finished secondary school, he arran g ed to get me into the arm y. 
Chief of staff 
By then Amin was chief of staff of the arm y and air force, and I was to train with a unit composed of pro­ teges. 
B efore I co m p leted th e p ro g ra m , however, I was transferred to the air force and sent to G reece, which then c o n d u c te d a t r a i n i n g p r o g r a m for 
Ugandan jet pilots. 
Amin overthrew P re s id e n t Milton 
Obote in 1971. and shortly th ereafter people began to disappear. 
At first I found it hard to believe 
Amin was responsible. 
I still th ink that in th e b e g in n in g these events were the work of supporters Amin could not control. 
W hen s o m e o n e o p p o se d h im . he would shout. "I don’t w ant to see this m a n 's f a c e ." and th e m a n w ould simply disappear. 
When Amin felt really threatened, he m ight even have o rd ered so m e o n e ’s death. 
But when he said kill one m an. his underlings killed four. 
Soon, even m e m b e rs of his own fa­ mily were in danger. 
My uncle, Sh a ban u K nutu, fo rm e r m in is te r of p o w er and c o m m u n ic a ­ tio n s , d i s a p p e a r e d a n d f is h e r m e n found his body in the Nile. 
My b ro th er, W anum e K ibedi, was foreign m inister, but in 1972 he began 

Continued from Page JA 

 w ith th e c o m m itt e e , he had no r e ­ course hut to dism iss Sprague. He did 
“ No one in my position could have acted ut any way other than as I did, 
Gonzalez said of his attem p ts to fire 
S p ra g u e , a move co u n te rm a n d e d by the com m ittee 
Nightmare 

" I found in the c o m m itte e an a d ­ m inistrative nightm are. 
" I found a ch ief counsel who a s ­ sum ed full powers of the co m m ittee itself, and bv implication usurped the p ow ers of the H ouse itself, a chief counsel who w as in su b o rd in a te and insulting, not lo m ention disloyal, 
“ I found unjustifiable salaries, un- lust if ted em ployes and reckless, inex­ plicable financial obligations ’ 
The c o n g re s s m a n said he had an obligation to act. and no one’s dem on­ strated he acted w rongly or without full cause. 
Explaining he has been ill and una­ ble to return to Washington Gonzalez said nothu upstanding Ills illness and absence, several of Ins com m ittee col­ leagues " a p p e a r to be in tereste d in u s u r p in g ev e n nix m i n i s t e r i a l pow ers." 
Gonzalez said it a p p e a rs clea r the 
House leadership is unwilling to offer 

During the six years since hp seized power in a m ilitary coup. Idi 
Amin has ruled Uganda with arbi­ trary caprice. 

F r a n c is 
N y e n d e 
K ib e d i, a 
27-year-old Ugandan now in exile. was the dictator’s brother-in-law and cam e to know him well. 

In this first-hand account. Kihedi d escrib es the constant fear that grips the Third W orld’s most no­ torious tyranny. 

 o lear for his life and fled to Kenya, where he resigned his post. 
His successor, Michael Ondoga, the cousin of another of A m in's w ives, was also found dead in the Nile. 
A fter m y b ro th e r d efe cte d . I w as brought hom e and assig n ed ground jobs. 
Sister divorced 

Two y ea rs la te r Am in, a M oslem , divorced three of his four wives — my sister (whom he had renam ed “ M am a 
M alyam u"). Hay and Nora. 
He gave no reason, but Kay was On- d o g a 's c o u sin , m y s is te r w as W'uti- em e's niece and Nora, like Obote. was a m em ber of the Langi tribe 
Soon afterw ard, Kay's dism em bered body was found in the back of a car. 
In M arch, 1974. m y sister suffered a broken arm and leg in what we believe was a planned au tom obile accident; four months later she m anaged to es­ cape to Nairobi, and Amin was said lo be furious. 
I staved in the air force, doing my job. trying not to attract attention. 
Taking walk 

At dusk on Saturday. Nov. 8. 1975, I was walking with my fiancee. Justine 
Tvvinomugisha. and som e other friends on Nakulabye-Bakuli road iii K am pala. 
U ganda’s capital. 
I was off duty and in civilian clothes. 
Suddenly, a fa m ilia r gold Citroen- 
Maserati — the only one of its kind in 
Uganda — cruised slowly past us. 
Its bulky driver was Amin himself, who looked at m e without sm iling or nodding. 
I felt a cold feeling in the pit of my stom ach. I feared he would ring my com m ander and ask what I was doing. 
But before his ear bad disappeared a black D atsun of th e S tate R e search 
Unit — Am in’s secret police — pulled up aud two men jum ped out. 
One sa id to m e : " T h e p r e s id e n t wants to see you.” 
It was dark when we reached A m in’s lodge at Makindye. 
An officer took m e into the living room w here Am in, big g er than I r e ­ m e m b e r e d h im , w as s it tin g like a 

 huge, overfed python, watching a film about himselt on I gouda television. 
I saluted and said. "Hello, sir." 
He didn't answer. 
Finally Amin asked in an indifferent tone of voice. “ W here have you been all this tim e?” 
" S ir . I have been at m y p la c e of work, at Guin Air B ase." 
" S tu p id ! " Am in b a rk e d . T u rn in g down the volume of the television set. he faced me. “ What don t we know ?" he said. "You are dealing with rebels and collaborating with exiles." 
Then he turned to two com panions and sa id . " T h i s boy is d a n g e r o u s . 
Even now you xx ill bear on the BBC — after only one hour — th at we have arrested h im .” 
‘Go with him ’ 
After talking with his aides in Nu­ bian. which I cannot u n d ersta n d , he said to them in English. "Go with him to where he sleeps.” 
Then he turned to face the television screen again. 
I w as taken to the State R esearch 
Unit at N aguru, where executions are carried out. 
That night they questioned m c ex­ tensively about any contacts I had with people outside Uganda. 
T h e next day I w as d riv en to my hom e by four carlo ad s of police and soldiers with subm achine guns. 
I was handcuffed and forced to kneel on the floor of m y bedroom while they searched. 
T h e n I w a s ta k e n to M a k in d y e 
Prison, where my uncle, Ondoga. and countless others had been executed. 
When my m other heard that I had been arrested and probably killed, she went m ad with terror and anger. 
She went straight to A m in's lodge in 
K a m p a la a n d d e m a n d e d th a t th e guards let lier see the president or give her m y body. 
They put lier in a cell at a police station and the next day took her to a m e n tal h o sp ital, w h ere she w as d e ­ tained for two weeks. 
Was not dead 
But I was not dead: I was alone in a cell at Makindye. 
Soon m y family found out I was alive and my fiancee w as som etim es able to b rin g m e food. T h e prison fare was rice m ixed w ith b e a n s and a lot of pebbles. 
Then, in the early afternoon of Dec 
29, th** guards cam e for nit*', gave me my shoes and w ater to wash my face and hands. 
An arm y b rig a d ier c a m e h u rry in g up to m e as if in panic, and in a.m inute later I was in his M ercedes Benz, be­ ing driven tow ard A m in ’s re so rt on 
Lake Victoria. 
When we arrived, the brigadier, si­ lent and shaking as if in fear, led me 

 into the villa past the p ark e d lim o u ­ sines of m in iste rs and provincial go­ v ern o rs — and rad io and tele v isio n journalists. 
It was the last tim e I saw- Idi Am in. 
As I ste p p ed inside th e lo u n g e , I h ea rd h im say in a c h e e rfu l voice, 
“ There, they have brought N yende.” 
The room was full of new sm en and dignitaries. 
Also p r e s e n t w e re A m in ’s s e v e n ch ild ren by m y s is te r, and m y own parents. 
Everyone grew silent. 
T h en A m in s a id : " T h e r e is L t. 
Ny elide, his two p aren ts, and all the seven children of M ama M alyam u." 

" R e c e n t l y , an d e s p e c ia ll y la s t n ig h t," 
Am in w ent on, " t h e BBG, instructed by form er m in ister Kibedi, has been pouring out baseless stories th a t all th e s e p eo p le w e re d e a d — killed by me. But now Kibedi will be asham ed Take their pictures and have them on television and in the p a p e rs.” 
Then he looked at me 
“ Why should I kill N yende?" A m in asked. 
“ He i> a young boy, be has no m oney or position in the country. Why should 
I kill h im ?" 
He didn’t tell 

Amin did not tell th e p r e s s I h ad been in prison, but m ade it seem as if I had just com e from air force duty. 
He told m y p aren ts: " N y e n d e w as arrested by my driver because he was found lo iterin g in d a n g e ro u s p la ce s and was m issing from duty. My driver thought it good to a r re s t N yende be­ cause lie could easily get killed in such a place and th e b la m e w ould be on m e .” 
Openly telling lies 

In the 14 years I had known him . it w a s the first tim e I heard Amin openly telling lies about m e. He looked at m e and realized I w a s dism ayed. 
I knew I w as no lo n g e r s a f e in 
Uganda. 
A fter the p re ss co n fe re n c e. A m in had us booked into th e N ile H otel, where the room s are said to be bugged. 
I warned m y parents not to talk. 
I w a s told to report back to the m ili­ tary police officers’ mess. 
Instead. I slipped out of the hotel, w ent into b id in g , g a th e re d to g e th e r what money I could find and took the bus to Nairobi. 
Money taken 

At the Kenya bord er, the U gan d an soldiers found the money. 
An officer took m c aside and quietly pocketed it, but let m e go without even checking m y identity; All he w as in­ terested in was the money. 
I w a lk e d IOO m e t e r s fro m th e 
Uganda side to the Kenya border post and was free. 
PILOT SPILLS SECRETS 

 him support 
"Yet. I cannot bring myself to sign pay vouchers for an unscrupulous in­ dividual. an unconscionable scoundrel, and no power on earth can compel mc to do so. 
Gonzalez reported 
" I will not c o m p r o m is e m y own standards or integrity, and I will not accept any a r r a n g e m e n t th a t sav es face at the expense of the constitution­ al obligations, the integrity, the pres­ tige and the honor of the House." 
Gonzalez said he a s s u m e d c h a i r ­ m anship of the com m ittee, which was to look into the assassin atio n s of the la te P r e s i d e n t K e n n e d y a n d C ivil 
R ights L ead er M artin L u th e r King. a lte r ex p ectatio n s the House le a d e r­ ship would support his efforts. 
Those efforts, he said. were directed at providing direction and a sense of responsibility to the com m ittee lo statem ents before he assum ed the c o m m itte e c h a ir m a n s h ip . G onzalez said. bulb O ’Neill and Wright had ex­ pressed concern ulwul Sprague s bud­ get dem ands, his advocacy of “ e x tre ­ mely questionable investigative te ch ­ niques * and his general conduct. 
F ro m s ta te m e n ts m ad e by O ’Neill and VS right prior to his accepting the ch airm an sh ip . Gonzalez told the two 
House leaders, he assum ed he was ex­ pected to resolve th e p ro b lem s aud bring Hie co m m ittee into accep tab le condition. 

Continued from P age 1A to denounce suicide can d id ates." Belenko said 
He also d escribed the s u m m a ry execution of a 
Russian pilot who had tried to desert from the unit during a night march. Tracked down. the pilot was brought back to the airfield aud shot by a firing squad while the others w ere called out of bed to watch. 
Belenko said the unit, stationed about 169 miles from V ladivostok, was staffed by either airm en like himself transferred there for disciplinary reasons or highly motivated, regim e-true young officers doing their obligatory “ ice y ear" in Siberia. 

No walls 

“ They reported all in fra c tio n s ," B elenko said. 
“ There were no walls dividing the 4o beds, so ev er­ yone could spy on everyone else." 

Assigned to the outer lay er of six s e p a ra te air defense system s between eastern Siberia and Mos­ cow, the unit was under orders to carry out suicide attacks on Chinese or Jap an ese cities and m ilitary ta r g e ts in c a s e of w ar in s u b s t a n d a r d M IG25 lighters. 

“ We flew wrecks. The elite squadrons in the third aud fourth rings and those iii the w estern Soviet 
L mull got first class fighters Of our 24 planes, 14 w e re c o n tin u o u sly g r o u n d e d w ith d e f e c ts . . . " 
Belenko said 

He said he and IO other pilots tried to com bat their b e e d o m by form ing a secret rec re atio n a l g roup ttiat met nightly in the b arrack s toilet to listen to 
American Forces Network broadcasts from Japan and South Korea on a hom em ade radio. 

When political film s wert* show n on b ase. the group used the darkened theater as a black m arket fur trading A m erican m ag azin es, tra n sisto rs for radios, nylon socks blue je a n s and p honograph records — goods sm uggled into the base from in- 
SASO may face rn 
2o% tax increase 

Taxpayers in the San Antonio School District will face a 2o per cent tax increase if the school board passes the m easu re Wednesday, 
A district spokesm an, Manuel Borrego, confirmed the tux item will be on the agenda next week 
Despite voter turndow n of last S atu rd ay 's $49 million bond package, tile tax rate is scheduled to go up from the present $1.52 to $1 82 by the move. 

A tux office source figured a home valued at a fair m arket price of $2o.ooo would see bis levy soar from the present $182 4o to $218,4o. 
Borrego said lit* had no knowledge of the new proposed rate which was one of the subjects dis­ cussed at a staff m eeting Tuesday 

The $1.82 figure was m entioned d u rin g bond election discussions and has also been mentioned to a tax office source 
Persons over 85 years of age are allowed only 
83.ooo exemption in the ban Antonio district, com ­ pared with $5,OOO exem ptions in the North East. 
Northside and Alamo Heights school districts 
Borrego said he knows of no move to increase the exemption (or the elderly in the San Antonio district 

 frequent vacations in Moscow . Belenko said. 
Belenko also rep o rted th a t in his lust y ear iii service, there were at least 4oo incidents of Chinese m ilitary flights into Soviet te rr ito r y , and som e ended with the Chinese planes being forced down. 
Ile also said three pilots from bis unit crashed inside China The body of one was retu rn ed in a 

 wooden coffin and another was handed back alive but “ broken” from weeks of torture. 
The Belenko article was the second published by 
Stern quoting the alleged CIA interrogation. In the first article in early J a n u a r y the m a g a z in e said 
Belenko is now living in disguise at a secret location on $1,5oo a m o n th s u p p o r t p a y m e n t. 

25oo BROADWAY 
1218 S.W. MILITARY DR. 
No Chore* Cord* Or Layaways at These Price*. a $2oo set o f A ttn fo r rn wlei eP «w* only 

LOOK AT THESE 
SUPER FEATURES 
SUP** Deluxe M odal 13-8S2C. 
Rugged, quirt 23 charmel AM mobile ami • ANI • Noise blanker • External CS/RA switch • Delta tuning • An tenna warning light • Nigh le v e l modulation system • 
Maximum legal power, 

Sugg. Rat. $199.95 

CB TUNIC ANTENNA 
*12" 

PA or EXTERNAL SPEAKER 

9 9 
8o 

NN ANTONIO EXPRESS— Thursday March 3 I 977 

SPP 
* viv»"kia; 
KB 

SAN ANTONIO EXPRESS— Thursdoy March 3 1977 
Page 
I -B 
New loan bill tagged 'worse of year’ 

By ROBERT OCHOA 

EXPRESS CAPtTOl BUREAU 
AUSTIN — A Senate bill proposing to hike in­ terest rates on sm all loans is being tagged by its opponents as the worse consumer legisla­ tion of the year. 
Underneath the official tag SB615 is found a broad and unsettling at­ tempt to quiet down the consum er finance in ­ dustry — also known as the small loans institu­ tion in Texas. lf it is passed, — and there are indications it may — the bill would prep up the finance in­ dustry with interest rate increases ranging from 
16 per cent to 25 per cent on loans from $5oo to 
$5.(MMI. 
Present law places a ceiling on regulated in­ terest rates on loans not exceeding $2,5oo. 
Pilgrimage 
Advocates claim the bill is so^good it will fin­ ally put an end to the loan industry’s perennial pil­ grimage to the legisla­ ture in search of higher interest rates. 
Loan groups led by the 
Texas Consumer Finance 
Assn. have hounded the state’s lawmakers since 
1967, the time loan com­ panies w ere last grant cd an interest rate increase of 7o per cent. 
Key to the predicted quieting effect over the loan industry is in a 
“ m odulator” form ula contained in the bill. 
The formula, warn op­ ponents. would cast per­ petual confusion over fi­ guring future interest rates. 
Slide rates 
In addition to increas­ ing set interest rates, the innovative formula de­ signed by the bill s auth­ or would allow loan com­ panies to slide their rates up or dow n depending on the rate of inflation and the cost of doing busi­ ness. 
Trouble is. the state 
Office of Consumer Cre­ dit has made projections showing the. cost of bor­ rowing $1,26o went up around 75 per cent in the last IO years. 
Statistics show the category of most loans borrowed from finance com panies ranges between $3oo and $1,2oo to mostly low and middle income persons. 
This is the range ta r­ geted for the biggest in­ terest charge increases under the bill. 
Some of the new inter­ est brackets created under the bill would be: 
• A 36-month loan up to $3oo would receive a charge of $18 per $1oo per year (“quailing a 3o per cent interest rate. 
• 
A 36-month loan ranging from $3oo to 
$1,2oo would receive a charge of $12 per $1oo per year equalling an annual interest rate of 21 per cent. 
• 
Loans over $1,2oo spread out to a maximum of 6o months would re ­ ceive an add-on charge of 
$8 per $1oo per year equalling a 14 per cent annual interest rate. 
SB615, labelled the 
Consumer Credit Reform 
Act of 1977. was the focus of public hearings this week which went into overtime before the Sen­ ate Economic Develop­ ment Committee. 
Testimony 
The hearings resulted in lopsided testimony at­ tacking the bill and pro­ vided the first squareoff between the bill s leading adversary and its spon­ sor. 
Sponsors of the bill in­ clude Sens. Don Adams, l)-.Jasper; Oscar Mauzy. 
D-Dallas and Bill Moore. 
D-Brvan. 
Adams and Mauzy re­ sisted efforts by the lin- ance industry last session to win higher interest rates. 
Sen. Bill Batm an of 
Ganado has been the scourge of the loan in­ dustry for years, 
Patnian adm its he faces tougher challenge this tim e, noting that supporters of his cause in the past have thinned to a dangerously low point. 
Blitz 
Pat man has unleashed a media blitz against the credit reform bill, peg­ ging It the high water mark of loan shark le­ gislation. 
“We re educating a lot of people about the bill and how bad it really is.' sa>s Batm an 
“ Those people will change the way their senators and representatives vote. 
Adams claims his bill will continue to insure sources of credit for per­ 

 sons entitled to it. but who aren't affluent en­ ough to obtain credit from banks. 
Adams defends his modulator formula as a means to “ prevent loan companies from ripping consum ers off in good years and withholding credit in bad years.” 
One of the main argu­ ments being promoted by the loan com panies is without higher interest rates, fewer loans will be made available to the 

 low-middle income consumers. 
Beyond that argument, the industry is showing very little of its own fin­ ancial records as proof positive they really need extra charges. 
The reason they aren't showing their records is because they don't have to. 
‘‘All these reports (fin­ ancial records) are con­ fidential under the Texas 
Credit Code,” P atm an said. 

P roposed b ill w ould raise interest rates on sm all loans in Texas 

The confidential infor­ mation provision was ad­ ded on to the code in 1967. 
Patman said he plans to add an am endm ent to 
A dam s’ bill unlocking the confidentiality. 
Available 
The Ganado senator 
*.nd a battery of attorneys representing public de­ fender offices in several 

 counties testified at the hearing credit is readily available. 
The fewer loans argu­ ment wouldn't hold water 
‘in San Antonio either, according to one public defender from Bexar 
County’s Legal Aid of­ fice. 
“ It's a totally falla­ cious claim when you look at what’s going on in 

 the barrios and poor sec­ tions of our city,” said 
Jam s McCoy. 
McCoy and Linda Ca­ talan of the San Antonio 
Office of Consumer Ser­ vices joined those opposing the bill during 
Monday’s hearings. 
Both said, according to their case loads, business is bustling for finance companies in San Anton­ io. particularly from poor people. 
McCoy described one case of a widow with se­ 

 ven children trying to live on a monthly salary of $4oo. To make ends meet, she had to draw three loans from finance companies. 
“ Despite the fact she had a very low income and such a large- family she had no problem at all in getting the loans,” 
McCoy said. 
Catalani told of another case involving an epilep­ tic woman who was seven months p regnant and caring for four depen­ 

 dents. ■ 
“ She was nervous and concerned about the sei­ zures affecting her baby. 
Her creditors had been harrassin g h e r ,” 
Catalani said. 
Catalani said the wo­ man owed eight finance com panies a total of 
$861.65. 
“There was no end to the cycle. All but one of the companies agreed to take partial paym ent.” she said. 
Opponents of the bill say passage of the credit 

 bill would further aggra­ vate the cycle where per­ sons over extend them ­ selves with too m any loans. 
Patm an and his staff have gathered some evi­ dence finance companies seem to be pretty well off in Texas. 
Mark Leymaster from the Boston C enter for 
Consumer Law testified the state of Massachu- settes lowered the inter­ est rates on small loans last year. 

SUN GOLD 

The newest ‘gold’ is sun gold , . . delightful gold-tone accessories you wear by the light of day! They come in everything from shim* mering bangles, cuff bracelets and earrings to gold-mylar trimmed clear vinyl bags, gold-trimmed belts and corded chokers . . . even gold-leaf combs to add ‘sunlight’ to your hair! See these and many more, priced 2.oo to 19.oo. In Belts, Handbags and Costume 
Jewelry, Downtown, North Star, Windsor Park and Austin. Charge your choice . . . and add sun gold to your summer look! 

SHOP ALL STORES IO TIL 9 THURSDAY! 
J 

A U N IT o r ALLIED STORES 

FUNERAL CHAPELS 

515 North Main Avenue 
226-72o1 

Tranquility 

Peace of mind — it’s yours when j you call on Roy Akers Funeral 'J 
Chapels for help during a time of difficult decisions. Our experience spanning the past 43 years has made us capable of con- tinuing to serve you better-' with total awareness of 
<V your needs. We serve r ‘ because we care. 

Sunshine or gray skies — the beautiful whitecaps keep rolling in. 
And often they bring in treasures — not of money but of beauty — such as this beautiful tree trunk. W hat artist could hope to match the beauty of this scene on Sargent Beach? 

SAN A N T O N IO EXPRESS— Thursday March 3 1977 

It's a gusty day on the beach — but life goes on. 

Gray clouds hid the sun and wind was out of the north last S atu rd ay when G eo rge and Bonnie C a rm a c k visited Sargent Beach. Sargent is on the Texas Gulf Coast near Bay City. 

But the tem perature and the g ray ­ ness of the day gave the beach a unique mood. And those who c a m e to the beach had a wonderful day. 

The C a r m a c k s ’ story on S a rg e n t 
Beach will appear in S atu rd ay 's Ex- press-News. 
All photos are by Bonnie Carmack. 

This is treasure hunting — brought up to date with a metal detector. Mrs. Donna Johnson, a Houston school teacher, and her husband are great treasure hunters. Finding a handful of today's small change is par for the course. But there s always a hope that the coin dug out of the sand will be a Spanish real four centuries old. Mrs. Johnson was one of a group of four “ treasure hunters on Sargent Beach last Sa­ turday. 

Anniversary party today 

The Fair Avenue Apartments and 
Senior Center will jointly celebrate their fifth anniversary at IU.3o a.m. and 3 p.m. Thursday at 1215 Fair Ave. 
.JohnPaul .lourard of the National 
Institute of Senior Centers. Washing­ ton. D.C., will speak at 1o:3o a.m .. after which re fre sh m e n ts will be served. 

The center and apartments will be open to the public for tours, said Linda 
Bridgewater, director of the center. 
State Rep. Roil Bird will speak at 3 p.m. Recognition will be given to some . of the residents and participants. v J 
The center is one of 14 senior centers operated by Senior Community Ser- 
\ices. Inc., a United Way Agency. 

The Intercoastal W aterway runs just back of Sargent 
Beach. Neither gray days nor gusty winds can stop the tows. Here the ' Christine M " moves on east pushinq a string of oil barges. Watching the highway bridge swing open and the big towboats and their barges glide through is a bonus on a trip to Sargent Beach. 

Chain one on . . . your neck, your wrist, even your ankle! Or better yet, layer them on by the twos, threes and tours! 
They're tun .. . and they're called status chains . . . and they're 
{rom 
Monet, in gold-tone electroplated brass Mix or match your lavorites trom our collection, priced 

5.5o to 8.5o in Costume Jewelry, Downtown, North Star, 
Windsor Park and Austin Charge your choice . . . and capture your own chain gang tor sparkling summer tun! 
JOSH E S 
•rn A UNIT or A UItD STOAKS 
SHOP ALL STORES THURSDAY IO 'TIL 9! 

THE CHAIN GANG! 

^ 

Space is found for new courts 

Bv DEBORAH W ESER 

A Utile informal juggling Wednesday produced a space plan allowing room for all four new district courts under the Bexar County Courthouse roof. 
Three county courts-at-law will be shifted, two to the first floor into space now used by the Sheriff’s Department. 
The third will take over half the space now allocated to the large cen­ tral jury room on the second floor. 
Their vacated space will be taken up by three of the new District Courts. 
The fourth will slip into the third floor space now designated for interim special district court use. 
Affected directly in the courtroom musical chairs are County Courts-at- 
Law .Judges Caroline Spears and Carol 
Haberman. Both will be shifted from the second floor space they now hold to first floor space. 

Review set 
Other space assignments have not been made yet. according to County 
.Judge Blair Reeves. 

With the other four m em bers of 
Commissioners Court, Reeves plans to review the space situation in detail at the court’s regular Friday morning meeting. 
Commissioners Court, Reeves and 

Com. Albert Bustamante agree, will m ake the final court space a ssig n ­ ments. 
Earlier in the day. Bustamante — whose job it is to supervise physical facilities and operation of the Court-’ house building — express some con­ cern adequate space for all four new courts might not be available under the one roof. 
Taxes 

“ I, as an individual, am not about to go to the taxpayer to raise taxes to m eet these (sp a c e ) needs at this time.” he said. 
Money for renovation of the space to be used very likely will be drawn — at least in part — from a $1.6 million general revenue sharing fund set aside for new building construction and fa­ cilities renovation. 
About $5oo,6oo of that fund can be diverted to renovation without addi­ tional public hearings, Commissioners 
C ourt was told Wednesday by County 
Auditor Oliver Lewis. 

The question of financing the reno­ vation surfaced during debate over a resolution affirming the court’s inten­ tion of freezing the $1.6 million for new building and/or renovation for the new district courts. 

SAN ANTONIO EXPRESS— Thursday March 3 1977 
H 

Bid to halt picket line bus use turned down 

 ire hit 

By LIZ SW EET 

Geraldo Rivera of ABC-TV News will speak at 8 p.m. Friday in the Incar­ nate W ord College Auditorium on 
“The New Breed of Newscasters as a Tool for Social Change.’’ General admission is $3. 

EXPRESS CAPITOL BUREAU 
AUSTIN — State Rep. Frank Tejeda of San Antonio has introduced three bills aimed at upgrading standards for peace officers in Texas. 

The first bill, HBI394. would require peace officers, in their preparatory training programs, to pass psycholo­ gical and emotional tests approved by 

By JIM WOOD 

San Antonio Transit System trustees 
Wednesday rejected a request by City 
Council to stop leasing buses to haul non-union workers across picket lines at a refrigeration company. 
Trustees cited a legal opinion that it is the duty of the bus system to provide service without discrimination against any person or concern. 
In a prepared statement, trustees said the issue is in court and they will abide by court rulings. 
At issue is a strike by International 
Union of Electrical, Radio and Ma­ chine Workers, Local 78o, against 

 the T ex as D epartm ent of Mental 
Health. 

"I found out there’s no psychological or mental exams required of peace officers,” Tejeda said. 
His proposed legislation would also require peace officers already in ser­ vice to take the tests every three years. 
HB1395 and HB1396 arc companion pieces of legislation that would tighten current requirements for appointed 

Friedrich Air Conditioning & Refri­ geration Co. 
The company is leasing city buses to bring in other workers to keep the plants in operation. 
The union wrung a 6-3 majority vote from City Council last Thursday, ask­ ing the transit system to discontinue the leases on groun ds union negotiating efforts are being under­ mined. 
Advisory 

Since trustees act independently of council, the request was advisory only. 
Union representatives crowded into the sm all conference room at the 

 peace officers to receive certification once they are appointed. 
Under'the two bills, any appointed peace officer would be required to complete a basic course in law en­ forcement within six months of his appointment. 
Any officer found not to have com­ pleted his certification within the six months would be subject to a class B misdemeanor. 

 transit system office to urge trustees to stop the practice. 
Paul .Javior. field representative for the union, said the buses are tran- sportating people from other states and countries acro ss union picket lines. 
; 
“ It was never the intent of the law to use city buses for strike breaking.” 
Javior said. 
Police Chief E. E. Peters told the 
Express he has sent escorts along the bus routes off and on because of re­ ports of vandalism and to keep the situation peaceable. 
But he said he would never let his officers work inside the plant or for the company, even on their own time. 

After hearing union spokesm en make their plea, the four trustees pre­ sent went into closed session although 
Mayor Lila Cockrell, a member, sug­ gested continuing the session out in the open. 
Trustees returned and Murrene Gif­ ford. the chairman, read a statement outlining the board’s position. 
It was adopted 3-1 with Gifford voting against it and M ayor C ockrell, 
Dr. Gerald Parker and Mrs. Reba Ma­ lone voting for it. 

Bills offered to upgrade officer efficiency 

Students at the Univer­ sity of Texas at San An­ tonio are upset over Gov. 
Dolph Briscoe’s proposed budget cuts which would eliminate the universi­ ty’s work-study program. 
The w ork” study pro­ gram provides on-cam- pus jobs, ranging from library assistants to ca­ feteria workers, to help students work their way through school. 
The program had been allocated $125,ooo for the next year and $15o,ooo for the following year by the 
L e g isla tiv e 
B u dget 
Board. 
The state funding, in turn, would g en e rate- 
$8oo,ooo in matching fe­ deral funds and provide a p rogram en ab lin g hundreds of students to earn an education. 
Briscoe, however, pro­ poses no funding for the program. 
Under the leadership of 
Mrs. Susanna Shields, a student in the fine arts department, the students are organizing to protest the proposal. 
Meeting 
These students, Mrs. 
Shields said, will meet at 
2 p.m. Thursday in the 
UTSA Humanities Build­ ing to formulate a plan of action. 
Mrs. Shields stressed the entire City of San 
Antonio would I m * affect­ ed if the college’s funds are cut. 
“ If we lose our good faculty m em b ers, the university will lose its good stan din g and the com m unity will be a f­ fe cte d ,” M rs. Sh ields said. 
The student group, she said, plans to draw up and circulate a petition which a delegation will present to legislators in 
Austin. 
Recommended 
B riscoe’s budget pro­ posal recommends UTSA j receive $1o.9 million less than the university re- 
I quested in o p eratin g funds for the next two 
\ears. 
Dr. Peter Flawn, UTSA 
I presiden t, e a r lie r had j said the university may 

I lose 4o or more teachers from its 3oo-m ember 
| faculty if the Texas Le­ gislature cuts the budget. 
E veritt Mahon, N ic e president for busin ess 
I a ffa ir s, said Dial stilt 
I looks to Im* the case 
“ We probably won’ t 

 h a N e any further infor­ mation until the senate and house complete their study. I think we are about one month away from knowing the final outcome,” Mahon said. 
The vice presiden t said, h ou ev er, he be­ lieved the actions of the 
J student group were pre- j m ature and probably would not do any good. 
“ I really don’t think things are as bad as they i ap|M*ai to In* right now, * 
I Mahon said. 

Backlash eyed 

BH IVV AN I, India — 
The political opposition to Prime Minister Indira 
Gandhi is counting on a voter backlash against compulsory sterilization to win this important district in the March 16 election. 

See an exhibit of contemporary art from 
The People's Republic of China sponsored by the Jack Winter Company ^ 

Jo sk e's Downtown 
Second Floor 
Thursday, M arch 3 through 
Saturday, M arch 12 

Joske's and the Jack Winter Company are proud to present this 8o-piece art collection to the people of 
San Antonio. Valued at $4o,ooo.oo, the collection took four years to assem ble and includes bamboo scrolls, wood block prints, silk tapestries, wool need­ lepoint paintings and sewn silk paintings ... all hand crafted, plus oil paintings and traditional Chinese watercolors. All works in the exhibit are available for sale. See them all on Joske's Downtown second floor! 

Classic coordinates in subtle 
Oriental tones by Jack Winter 

C lassic sport dressing starts with beautifully tailored coordinates in a rich polyester knit with the look of a fine slub weave. Soft, muted Oriental tones of pink, blue or white with top stitch detail­ ing complete the charming picture. Near right, fly front pants, 
25.oo, trim vest, 26.oo, and blazer with pleated pocket detailing, 
48.oo, are shown with a bow-tied striped blouse of silky woven polyester, 28.oo. Far right, the same blouse, minus the detachable bow, goes under a basic shirt jacket, 42.oo and elastic waist, fly front pants, 22.oo. All pieces in sizes 8-16; elastic waist pants also in size 18. Charge yours in Plaza Sportswear, Downtown, North 
Star, Windsor Park or Austin Highland Mall. 
J O S K E ’S 
I 

M i A UNIT O f ALLIED STORES 

Poqe 
4-B 
SAN ANTONIO EXPRESS— Thursday March 3 1977 
Tow er to speak at dinner 

V S. Sen. John Tower will be the main speaker at this year's annual Pink Elephant Ball. 
The hall. sponsored by six Republican Women's 
C lubs, is set for 7:3o p. rn. Friday in the San Antonio 
Country Club. 

Adm ittance is $17.5o per person. 
Winner of a draw will be awarded a free ticket for two to New Orleans for three days and nights. 

 com p ete with round trip air fare and accomoda­ tions. 
The chairmen of the ball include Mrs. Skip 
Fahrmann, Mrs. Jack Sim s, Mrs. Richard Eddle- nian, Mrs. Wade Smallen, Mrs. John Bullard, Mrs. 
Simeon Mist rot, Mrs. Dwight Hageman. Mrs. C. A. 
Deasen, and Mrs. Helen Moran. 
Money raised at the function will be used to brin elect Republicans to public office. 

SALE PRICES 
GOOD THRU 
SATURDAY 

DELUXE 
HEATING PAD 
577 
WOOLCO 
PRICE 7.94 

3 heat settings. 
1oo% waterproof pad con­ 

 struction. 
Lighted con­ 

 trol. 161 sq. in W ash ­ able flannel cover. 

King-Size 
MASSAGE LOUNGE 
BACK MASSAGER 

REG. 49.97 

Comfort combmatiom 
Heovy duty vinyl. Deluxe heod rest 3o'/i high and 
IS wide # 2 4 7 21 

Taster 
DELUXE MOIST 
HEATING PAD 

W 
I7 7 
J WOOLCO 
PRICE 12.88 

Cellulose-type sponge for moist heat a p ­ 

 plication. 
Use for dry heat, too. 3 heat set­ 

 tings. 
1oo% 

 waterproof 

2-INTENSITY 
“ IMPERIAL” 
MASSAGER 

8 8 

RIC. 45.B8 

(hoots from 
Gentle or 
Vigorous’ 
Suspended motor adion 
Groat for refreshing oM-over body massage # 
138 OI 

 con­ 

 struction. 161 sq. in. faster 

KING SIZE BODY 
HEATING PAD 

WOOLCO 
IKE 15.88 

2 88 sq. in. 6o% larger 

 than normal pads. 
G reat for heat a p ­ plications to la rg e r 

 areas of body. A heat 

 settings. 
1oo% w et­ 

 proof. 5-yr. guarnatee. 

ELECTRIC “ HYDR 
LAX” FOOT 
MASSAGER 

REG. 19.88 

Provides soothing, m im ing "water rn motion mot soger Use with or without water Convenient loot switch. ra s te r 

 b is t e r 

HEAVY DUTY 
MASSAGER 

1 3 7 “ 
I RIG. 45.88 

Provides temporary relief of discomfort cussed by muscle fatigue, over exertion 
# 

* ( I M 
I I MMI 
PfyORiGl 
■ i » m im ... 
Rya 

>17 P A M 
A V IM U t 
888-o1o* 

Mg«m»poe»a»*iC4*j 

 t a i * 8.w . 
I i n * A n tra 
MIUYARV SO. 
I 
RWV XI A t u a 
9*4-1441 
48 8-44*1 
788 8811 
| 
484-948 

 m o * WOOLCO 9.8o A M . TO o.8o P M . MONDAT m e g SATURDAY 

WY w ilt c w t n ie c e 
I 

 u t is iu hov s u m m it) ' 

EXPRESS-NEWS 
OUTSTANDING CARRIER 
MARCIE SMITH 
I 

 r n 

 i 

I 

 tV 

MEETS FAVORITE SPUR LOUIS DAMPIER 

8 
Marcie Smith delivers 4 7 N ew s customers. She attends 
M ark Twain Jr. High. She is a member of the G irl Scouts of 
America. O ne of her favorite hobbies is macrame and also help- ing the M arch of Dimes. 

She uses her route profits on school clothes, a bicycle, 
Christmas presents, and she also helped a fam ily whose father was injured on the job. She loaned them $ 2 o .o o with no stipula­ tion on repayment. 

IF Y O U W O U LD LIKE TO JO IN THE EXPRESS-NEW S CARRIER 
TEAM CALL 225-741 I EXT. 126 BETW EEN 9 :o o a.m. to 5:o o p.m. M O N D A Y - FRIDAY. 

 rn 

Get There. . . 
Win some wheels, put on a T, throw a frisbee! Join us for 
Famolare W eek 

Joske's will be celebrating Fam olare W eek and to make it a real occasion to remember, w e're offering unique prizes, all from Fam olare . . . the Get There people. You can win a "big wheel" Fam olare bicycle — a 225.oo value, the one seen on all Fam olare tradem arks, and five winners will receive i am olare tee shirts, 8.oo value. No purchase is necessary to be eligible for these prices, and win­ ners will be notified by mail. A special Fam olare week attraction! W hen you purchase a pair of Fam olares this week you'll receive your choice of a frisbee, yo­ yo, tennis cap visor or balloon . . . all from Fam olare. Get there while quantities last and use your charge card! W omen's Shoes, Downtown, North Star, W indsor 
Park and Austin! Be sure to see Joske's Teen Board m em bers model Fam olare 
Functional Fashion Shoes, Saturday, M arch 5 from noon to 5 p.m. 

Fam olare . . . a shoe so com­ fortable, so different you feel as if you're actually walking in waves when you slip into a pair! It's a special feeling in footwear .. . with three exciting bottoms to select from . . . the 
Hi 
There', 
'Get 
There' or 
’Rush' .. . from almost flat to three inches high! 
All in quality, all-leather or natural rope uppers. Choose white, brown, natural-tone, tan, navy or multicolors, sizes 5 to IO, narrow or medium. C harge it in 
Shoes, 
Downtown, 
North 
Star, W indsor Park and Austin. 

J O 
S 
K 
E 

L - / / 
A UNIT or ALLIED STORES 

SHOP ALL STORES 
IO TIL 9 THURSDAY! 

FORECAST 
Society gets a new van 

The State Department of Highways and Public 
Transportation delivered the first of 13 specially equipped vans for tran­ sportation of the handi­ capped to the Easter 
Seals Society of San An­ tonio. 
Keys to the van were presented to the society’s executive director R. VV. 
Aaron by San Antonio 
District Engineer R. E. 
Stotzer .lr. in special ceremonies at the district office in Sun Antonio. 
Easter Seals will use the van to transport peo­ ple in wheel chairs to and from its therapy center. 
The program, in con­ junction with Goodwill industries, utilizes com­ pact rn ini-buses. 
Design 
They are designed with wide doors, wheel chair lifts and safety locks to secure the chairs in order to pros ide a unique form of tru\ el 
“ When the program is lully implemented, the elderly and handicapped residents of San Antonio anc) New Braunfels will have bus transportation that is particularly suited to their needs." Bob 
Blase, executive director of Goodwill, said. 
Goodvvill R e h a b ilita ­ tion is scheduled to re­ ceive nine of the 13 new mini-buses. The remain­ ing three will go to the 
Community Council of 
South Central Texas in 
New Braunfels. 
The State Department of Highways and Public 
Transportation, under the provisions of the t'r- bun Mass Transportation 
Act of 1HB4. is working with the federal govern­ ment and local non-profit organizations to develop a new busing program to fit the mohiiitv require­ 

 ments of the elderly and the mobility-impaired. t’nder this program, the federal government will pay Sit per cent of the purchase price of the buses, with the partici­ pating non-profit organization paying the balance. 

SAN A N T O N IO A N O V IC IN I 
T v - C o m id c rq o ie cloudiness witn w orm tem peratures Thurs­ day m orning with a ch an ce of show ers 
D ecreasing cloudiness and m ild T h u rsd a y afternoon. f a ir frid a y . Southerly winds 15 to t i mph 
High te m p e ratu re s 
Thursday in me mid 7os. Low s in tn e low 
4os. P r o b a b ilit y of p re cip itatio n 5o per cent 
Sun rises ai 6 )8 and sets at 6:14 
M oon is in the firs t a u a r te r . 
Moon rises at 4. SI a rn and sets at S t/ p.m. Tem peratures W ed ne sd av ran g ed from S / to t i degrees 
(National W eather ber vice forecast I 
R fc L A T iV t H U M lO iT V 
- ti per cent as of 6 p rn. W ednesday. 
P R E C I P I T A T I O N 
- 
Tot a l rain fa ll for the 34 hour period ending at 6 p.m . W e d n e s d a y . trace tor the month, tra ce ; for tn e y e a r . 
4 o t in c h e s 
Ac cum ulated d e p artu re from nor m al tor the month, minus 
I? of an men. tor the veor, pius .1/ of an inch 
N O R T H t e x a s - C lou d y and tool witn possiple founder storm s tnroucih Frid a y 
S O U T H 
T E X A S 
— 
M o s tly cloudy and w arm with a chance of snowers and thundershowers. 
W E S T 
T E X A S - W indy and 
<o»d turning lair Triduy 
N A T I O N A L 
- 
R ainsh ow -ers w ill continue over tne P a c ific 
N o rth w e s t 
Snow w ill e x te n d from the northern and ce n tral 
Rockies across the P lain s from me D arotgs through West r an sos. over tne Mississippi Volley and upper G re a t L ak e s. R am win continue eastw ard from inc are a ut snow. through most of 
K a n sa s and O klah om a, a cro ss int central and lower Mississippi valley, tne Ohio and Tennessee valleys, tne central G ull of M e r 
•co coost slates and m e Appaia ch ia u s 
T e m p e ra tu re s a m i ce m ud o ve r m u ch of the L as t , from the Atlantic Coost through the lower G reat Lakes, the Onto 
Vancy qnd the lower naif of me 
M ississip p i V o n c v . E ls e w h e re , tem peratures will ce seasonality cool to cold 

T E M P E R A T U R E E X T R E M E S 
Lowest, l l degrees below zero at Bem idii. Mum 
Highest 84 degrees at Ld red o and Cotulla 

M A R I N E 

W IN D S - Southerly winds t i to it men Seasm ine to I.’ feet 
M D E a 
- 
P o rt A r o m a s for fr.d u v 
Hiatus at t/ ut a m and i Os p.m. Low s at / 41 a rn and t 4ti p m Port Isabel tor fr.cJav 
Highs at I O ’, a m. and 4 o4 p rn 
Lows at 8’ 3o a m aud 8 U p rn 

Showers Stationary Occluded mrm ——- sssS 

Data from 

N A TIO N A L W I ATHER SERVICE 
N O A A , U S Oept of Com m erce^ 

SAN ANTONIO EXPRESS— Thursday Morch 3 1977 

S A N A N T O N I O 
P R E C I P I T A T I O N 

197 7 
197* 
A v e . 
R e c . 
Jan 
J IO 
o 54 
17* 
8 J? 
Feb 
o *1 
o . 1 1 
I *5 
I 88 
M a r 
o OO 
I 2o 
I *7 
4.19 
1*7* 
197S 
A v e . 
R e c 
Aor 
5 *7 
2.39 
I 78 ll 64 
M ay 
S 8o 
6 91 
3 45 
14 o1 
Jun 
I 41 
4 6o 
7 95 
IO 44 
July 
5 39 
o 44 
I 69 
8 18 
Aug 
7 o9 
I 77 
2 36 ll 14 
Sect 
3 to 
o 51 
4 59 
15 ti 
Oct. 
1 4 8 
2 25 
2 3o 
9 56 

HOV 
7 46 
o o3 
I 37 
6 to 
Dec 
I 95 
I 48 
I 75 
6 22 

M E X I C O 

( M e * ico n te m p e ra tu re s ap 
Dear in both F a h re n h e it and 
C en tigrad e or Celsius. F a n re n nett is listed first in earn c oiumn. I 
Acapulco ti l l 
68 
’.I 
G u ad aiaiara 
4V'Ov 
8/ 
38 
M utation . 
.. SS I i 
68/o 
M e *ico City 
. >o IO t - t i 
M onterrey i i \! ti ti 

G R E A T E R SAN A N T O N IO 

San Antonio it ti 
OO 

SO U T H T E X A S 

Austin 
Brow nsville 
6‘> 
Corpus C hr isti 63 
Cotulla 
Dc*) Rio 
Junction 
Vie Ion a 

A cinene 
Alpine 
Am arillo fc i Paso 
Fort Worth 

61 
VU it61 

T E X A S 

OO 
OO 
OO 
OO 
OO 
o/ 
OO 

OO 
*.oo 
OO 
OO 
OO 

Cold front brings showers to Texas 

ASSOCIATED m ss 

A cloud cover with .scattered showers was pusher across the state Wednesday by westerly winds from a Pacific cold front which kicked up dust on the South Plains, reducing visibility to less than a mile. 

High wind warnings were issued for West Texas where winds gusted to 5(1 miles per hour. Winds of up to 4h miles per hour were reported in the Pan­ handle. 

Showers and moderate winds blanketed East and 
Central Texas ahead of the front. 
Temperatures ranged from 45 at El Paso to l l at 
McAllen and Brownsville vvitli ads and lids iii other areas of the state. 

Eoreeasts called for westerly winds under clear skies to follow the cold front and a few snow flurries 

 i i i the Panhandle. 
Winds of up to 4d miles per hour are forecast for all parts of the state except the extreme southwest. 

T E X A S W E A T H E R 

Foretop 

City 
TemproTurc 

Thur. 
Fri. 

Am arillo 
4/ 66 it 64 
O e o r. cold 
Austin it t i it ti 
Cloudy. u*orm 
Laredo t i- t i a ti 
P a rity cloudy* w orm 
Corpus Christi t i t i i i ti 
Cloudy, w orm 
Victoria t i ti 
4V ti 
Cloudy w orm 
D allas Fort W orm 
64 /6 
44 t i 
Cloudy, w arm 
M cAllen Brow nsville 63 t i is t i 
Cloudy, warm 
Houston 
VV I i i i 69 
Cloudy, worm 

Houston i i 
66 
Lubbock 
SO 
6.1 
Lufkin 
54 
64 
Son Auge lo it ti 
W aco sa 
J | 

S O U T H W E S T 
Denver 
2o 
It 
Honolulu 
/o 
81 
Los Angeles 
44 
64 
Los Vegas 
36 
SS 
Pnoetn* 
46 
64 
Salt Lak e C itv t i 
.1? 
San Diego 
46 
6J 

S O U T H C E N T R A L 
Kansas City 
J ? 
44 
Louisville 
16 
63 
M em phis 
4o 
6.1 
Oklahom a City 4V 
S8 
St Louis 
2J 
46 
W ichita 
4/ a 

OO 
OO 
o9 
OO 
OO 

o/ 
OO 
OO 
OO 
OOti 
OO 

.ti 
OO 
OO 
39 
OO os 

N O R T H W E S T 

Bism arck 
Boise 
39 
Casper iv 
Helena t i 
Portland. O re 41 
Rapid City 
19 
San F rancisco 4/ 
Seattle 
4o 
Spokane 
39 

•o 
4S 
36 
3.6 
4 4 
36 
S9 
4S 
43 

N O R T H C E N T R A L 

Chitoao 
Detroit 
Duluth 
Indianapolis 
M ilwaukee 
Minn St Paul 
Om aha 

Ailanto 
Birm ingham 
C Mar tesfon 
Ja c k >onvine 
New O rleans 
Raleigh 
Richm ond 
T umpa 

S O U T H E A S T 

19 
43 
14 it 
OS 
31 
19 
41 

13 
38 
19 
3o 
.13 
43 
Sn Ste M an e t i it 

N O R T H E A S T 

Boston 
Buffalo 
C levoiond 
Columbus 

43 

New york City i i 
Philadelphia 
34 
Pittsburgh 
IS 
Portland. M e 
I S 
Washington 
3o 

Balmy spring nights... feel romantic in a white eyelet and lace dress 

You can look a s beautiful a s a bride anytime .. . 
Our Mexican style wedding dress will add a south of the border flavor to your evening wardrobe and to any occasion you attend. 
Designed after the colonial wedding dresses of old Mexico, this full tiered all cotton dress blends with the grace, history and cultural tradition of San Antonio. Intricate lace and eyelet on the flowing three tiered open work skirt, the square neck and bodice, and the bell sleeves. Sizes 6-14, white, fully lined. 5o.oo. 
Sun Country Dresses. Downtown, North Star, 
Windsor Park, Austin. Charge it! 

JOSH E S 

Prices good March 3, thru 
March 5, 1977. Wa reserve the right to limit guantitiej. 
Nom sold to dealers. 

BONUS BARGAIN 
FOR WHITER W ASH 
SUPER SUDS 
DETERGENT 

-Itch of thew tdvtm ud « • * * I* >«etof*d to bt m e in imiefcto tor Mi* it DI bel.* th. .Ar WTI ted enc. to ..ch 
Ow*, tic.o et tpfcihcetly not*, rn ton ti" 

BONUS BARGAIN 
FOR HOURS OF BAKING PLEASURE 
GOLDEN BEST 
SHORTENING 

A UNIT or ALLIED STORES 

LOW EVERYDAY MONEY SAVER PRICE 
POTATO CHIPS 
PRINGLES 
CHIPS 

9-OZ. 

CANNISTER 

LOW EVERYDAY MONEY SAVf A PRICE 

DOG FOOD 
GRAVY 
TRAIN 

S O L I 
. Vt 
BAG$8 
49 

LOW EVERYDAY MONEY SAVER PRICE 

FOR W MH! TEETH 
AIM 
TOOTHPASTES 

LOW EVERYDAY MONEY SAVER PRICE 
FOR FRESH BREATH 
SCOPE 
MOUTHWASH 

A 
LOW EVERYDAY MONEY SAVER PRICE 
N 
' 
“GRAIN FED HEAVY AGEo BEEF* 
I 
RUMP OR BOTTOM ROUND 
BONELESS ROAST 

LB. $138 

 f 
LOW EVERYDAY MONEY SAVER PRICE 
U.S. NO. I AU PURPOSE 
RUSSET POTATOES 
$ 1 3 5 

15-LB 
IM bag m 

LOW EVERYDAY MONEY SAVER PRICE 

IDA TREAT OR RUSSETTE FROZEN 
FRENCH HUES 

,S 9 C 

LOW EVERYDAY MONEY SAVER PRICE 

RUBY REO 
TEXA8VUEET 
GRAPEFRUIT 

ROAD 

 ir.U V U A Y 
\ \ 
3719 BLANCO 

2o2o AUSTIN HIGHWAY 

3622 FREDERICKSBURG ROAD 

95o BANDERA ROAD 

134o CALLAGHAN ROAD 

NOW THERE ARE 5 

# 

S A N A N T O N IO EX PR ESS— Thursday M arch 3 1 9 7 7 
Sleuth on stage 

The super-sleuth Sher­ lock Holmes will be in hot pursuit of his arc h ­ enem y Professor Moriar- 

© E H s a n a E s a k 

 kris k riss >fk-rv >n 
Vmcricas Ness Nu. I 
Box off ice Male 

Sarah 
Miles 
Kris 
Kristoflerson 
‘The Sailor wtfp 
J fmm gf^ce 
.th e s e s 
W 
STAATS 

BROADW AY iwe owoaowai 

Express-News 

Want Ads 
225-1666 

— 
J 
Exclusive! 
I 
R o m 

[ _ ' ^ 
' i 
★ ★ ★ ★ A t m t i , 
I 
(Highest Rating! . 

W # | 
Lg*. 
ACADEMY f& - 
AWARD . Ji **. _ 
NOMINATIONS r i f e 
' T 
BEST PICTURE 
BEST ACTOR BEST ACTRESS 
SYLWtSTfR S t * ! . 'M I 
\ 
I A lt* SHJRt UlMttd Artist* 

 tv on the stag e of the 
T heater for the P erfo rm ­ ing A rts at 8:3o p .m . 
Thursday. 

.John M ic h a ls k i an d 
Kurt Kasznar will star in the p ro d u c tio n of th e m e lo d r a m a “ S h e rlo c k 
Holmes." 

The T hursday produc­ tion 
(if 
“ S h e rlo c k 
H olmes’’ was originally s ta g e d by th e R o y al 
Shakespeare Company at the Aldwych T heater in 
London in 1o73 and later moved to Broadway. 

T he p la y ’s plot is a combination of two of Sir 
A rth u r C onan D o y le ’s most famous stories, “ A 
Scandal in B ohem ia’’ and 
“ The Final P roblem ." It was written by William d in e tte during the early loons. 
A classic m elodram a, the play involves a beau­ tifu l lady in d is tre s s , purloined letters, seedy c r im in a ls and v elv ety 
London fog. 

Tickets priced from $3 to $9.5o are being sold at 
Jo sk e’s. 

Two art shows em erge equal 

SKATER Kevin Bubp strikes a flirtatious pose during a 
Holiday On Ice com edy sketch. 

By ROBERT TIEMANN 
Two art societies are exhibiting sim ila r work in San Antonio. 
The Texas W ater color 
Society is having its 28th 
A n n u a l 
E x h ib itio n through Sunday at the 
UT 
H e a lth 
S c ie n c e s 
C enter. The C ontem por­ ary Art Group is exhibit­ ing at Sol del Rio Gallery through March 23. 
In te rm s of q u a lity , th e s e two sh o w s a r e a b o u t e q u a l, w ith th e 
Contemporary' Art Group having a slight edge. 
The W ater color Socie­ ty seem s to be suffering from an identity crisis. 
When acrylic, w ater-base paint cam e on the m arket in the ‘fids, the color field painters such as Helen 
F r a n k e n th a le r , M o rris 
L ouis, 
P a u l 
.Jen k in s. 
F r ie d e l 
D z u b a s an d others took from w ater­ color its c h a ra c te ris tic trait of transparency and its methods of splashing. 

Review 

Big Bird and friends with Holiday on Ice 

Big Bird and his Se­ sam e Street friends will be lacing up th e ir ice skates Thursday through 
Sunday in the Convention 
Center for Holiday On Ice perform ances. 
J o i n i n g th e S e s a m e 
Street cast will be sever­ al other ice perform ers 

 up the 1977 
H oliday On who m ake e d itio n of lee. 
Follow ing the th e m e 
"M usic Makes It 
Hap­ pen" the show presents a co m b in atio n of a e r o b a ­ tics and com edy which traces A m erican m usic from ragtim e to rock and roll. 
The selections in the show v ary from la rg e production num bers in­ cluding several perform ­ ers to solo spots featuring 

 top s k a t e r s fro m th e 
United States and C ana­ da. 
Tickets for Holiday On 
Ice are being sold for $4, 
$5 and $H at Jo sk e’s and 
J a m and Jelly G eneral 
S to re at 6426 N. New 
Braunfels Ave. 

P erfo rm an ces will be given at 8 p.m. Thursday through Saturday and a 2 p .m . m a tin e e w ill be presented Saturday and 
Sunday. 

B E F O R E ... ’ ' R O O T S 1' THERE W A S 
" M A N D I N O O " A N D ' D R U M ' M O W 
TOGETHER UNCUT. SEE BOTH O N THE BIG 
SCREEN. 
__________________ 
Expect all that the motion picture screen has never dared to show before. 
Expect the truth. 

M a n d in g o 
LIT THE FUSE 

Drum ’ is th e 
EXPLOSION! 

 d rip p in g and so ak in g , and put their large scale canvases into the m a in ­ stream of m odern paint­ ing. ‘ 
The sm all scale of the high quality paintings. 
T h is p r o b le m is e v i ­ dent in noting the v ar­ iety of m e d ia th a t a re now b ein g a c c e p te d as w a te r c o lo r s . T h e only a p p a ren t co m m onalities are that the works be on p ap er and not in oils. I w o n d er why th e use of canvas has been exclud­ ed. 
Very few artists in the w a te r c o lo r show a r e w orking in the tradition of tr a n s p a r e n t w a te rc o ­ lor. Those who are have p ro d u c e d th e w e a k e s t w o rk w ith th e n o ta b le exception of M arge Shep­ herd 
B rishler’s 
" F i ­ nale." Her backstage in a cabaret is m ore crea­ tive and am bitious than the average piece in the show . while still preserv­ ing the tra n s p a re n c y of w atercolor. 
C ecille Crow ex h ib its three very strong acrylic co llag e -p ain tin g s which are the m ost interesting w orks in the show ; but what have they got to do with watercolor? 

W eak a r t 
The Contem porary Art 
Group Show is weak and in need of a transfusion. 
With all the new, young artists in town, I wonder why they have not found their way into this show. 

By fa r th e s t r o n g e s t w ork in the show is by 
J u d y 
U r r u i i a , w h o se m in im a l p a in tin g s and d ra w in g s s e e m s ta rk ly out of place. 

Also on ex h ib itio n lo­ cally is a stu d en t d ra w ­ 

 ing show from the U ni­ versity of Texas at Aus­ tin , f e a tu r e d at th e 
K oehler house n ear the c a m p u s of San A ntonio 
College. 
This is the San Antonio 
College art facu lty ’s an­ nual in v ita tio n a l show and seem s a very safe, c o n s e rv a tiv e c h o ice in re la tio n to w h a t th e y have chosen in the past. 
The show will continue through March 18. 
Soprano in recital 

Soprano Natalie Belier will present "A Recital of 
A m e ric a n S o n g ” at 8 p .m . T h u rs d a y in th e 
McNay Art Institute. 6ooo 
N. New Braunfels Ave. 
Works by John Duke, 
Charles Ives, Aaron Co­ pland an d Jo h n Corig- liano Jr. will be featured in the free recital. 

Pianist Ruth F riedberg will accom pany the so­ prano during the recital which will be held in the 
Emily Wells Brown Wing of the art institute. 

C o n tin e n ta l S h o w * ,L td .I 
ANTIQUE 
►HOW & SALI 
SANANTONIO 
I Convention Centerl 
S. Alamo & Market 

MARCH 4-5-6 
PH., Sat.: 1-9 P.M.I 

Sun.: I -6 P.M. 
II Paid Admission 
For All 3 Days 
I NATION’S TOP D U li 

RO SALIE CO LE fey RO BERT VOSKANIAN 
• BO XOFFICE INTERNATIO NAL 

STARTS TOMORROW! 
NORTHWEST SIX • CENTURY • CINE CINCO 
UNIVERSAL • TEXAS • SAN PEDRO 
VARSITY • MISSION 

|L£APfN6 LIZARD*! 

 b f A Kid 
Oo ° o F b o P iP R iw K .g K E TRC <*> oD o*-D P A Y S } 
LVNCK 
P'WWiR 7 PAYs-RecES*(FA»br JO*'*} 
Tax a Loof At* W*S»; £*»T EVERS GIRO Wvftl&ACA AT fffRS RD. 

* * ★ * ENTERTAINMENT UNDER THE STARS ★ * * * 

S A N P E D R O wa MMM MPMwa 
«*» MI* 
UNT UkTWOt* 
“THI GOOD, THI BAD, 
I THI UGIT” 7:3o (PG) 
“FISTFUL OF DOLLARS to JO (FO) 
“FOR A FIW DOLLARS MORI 
U =»o (AOI 

MISTY BEETHOVEN” 
/ : JO-ll :SO (XI 
“EXPOSE MI LOVELY” 
•til (X) 
SOMETIME SWEET SUSAN lO tS O (X I 
“HOLLYWOOD HIGH” 
7:}o 1o:So (I) 
THI TEACHER” 9:1o (R) 

MINBIOIM 
'tm MIM** IM*!* 
Ilt*la.muk 
IM nu 
“BUFFALO JONIS” 
7:3o-11.-o5 (FC) 
“WHIN THI HGINDS DI!” 
* 2 o (FO) 

NO PAM S NO SFK DM TUTS 

“HOLLYWOOD HIGH” 

7:1o 1 o :5 o (1 ) 
“THI TEAGUE” 9:1o (R) 

 pppi 
TO W N TW IN mumm mutt* a**-* rn rn rn ak* • I tit tai n u 

“HOLLYWOOD HIGH” 

7:1o-1o:5o (R) 
THI TEACHER 9:1o (R) 

“JOSHUA” 

 m o WILLAMSON 7 :1 o -1 1 .o 5 (FO) 
CHARLfY-ONl-EYI” 

 inc HAID ftOUKD? M I * 2 o (I) 

VA R SITY mutt* mum*. nutM 
-mi 1*o o o . na »ao a tm* holt* i oviuSn’^alii utrwoos nj mn st i tO.SO IFO) 
“ K M A K W DO*LASS MIOSI 
1 * 1 o (FO) 

 i r e d nn 
UU I MMI IM* IM 
“BERINO THERIEN DOOR” u n u m fN CHAMOUN 7 1o IO IO IX) 
RESURRECTION Of EVI 
^MA*WTNCHA£m»:S5 11?o(I> 

▼ M A IL . outwait t«*Ni 
MWW rn In.mU 
IMM* 
BUONO THI GREIN DOOR 
MMB TM CM MOW / MMS IS (I) 
‘ RESURRECTION Of EVI” 
MBs/M (ti an s nu * is ii h (I) 

A 
V A L L l V M I 
^ 
Svi*uu* fault* 
HI* *a.i.h.** tit mi 
HOIUM. MSI I IHM NU COMI • UUUH •MIN tm 
MUMM t IM MTW*rn WI MOSSI MSM • 
M a US NS MM Ti}} 
I 
IHI M in n I UMI ut MMSI W I n o u n : ta u n t* 
V 
D i m * UM i n t * II lo .FO, 
^ 

L A C K L A M O 
^ 
Wt'MNM I NUM* nm i 

“FAUL. USA A (M O U N T 7:24 (X) 
* ANTIGONE * 1 5 ( I ) 

WMU TM CAT'S AWAY” ID S® (X) 

STAATS RUO AT AT HHD RO • TRAM O TOWN TWIN 

"THROUGH TNI LOOKING GLASS 
FLUS 
MUCIA 

STARTS HOO AT AT NORTNWIST SU • O N TORT 

•' C H A T T ! H R O X '* 

STARTS MOAT SAN FtDRO • TOWN TWIN 

M A N O I N G C 
R I U S “ O R U M ” 

I 
WIZARDS 

A RAI I’M B A R S H m t M 

J s VMW* ot 
F TW SwM, IS 
o HAwt Tm** 
o Itta 
1 i 
1 
o 
o 
o 
oa K l PMMIX MMP fox mm tat mm rn 
J 
Happy Nim 
2 
Batty UMM 1*o f ll H 
Pmmmmmm 
o a.oo-4i>o/tOO-*.»o 
o 
T H I FEAR IS 5FRCAOINO 
1 '"CASSANDRA 
J 
CROSSING” ... 

I; 1 o -4 :o J-7 .-o o -•:SO 
o 
o A VK) CAIR AD IN ! ( F O ) $ 
“BOUND 

. FOR GLORY”} 
^mmmmmmmmmmmmfe^ 

/ o 
I .>o -4 ilS-7 ;OO-Si3 J 
o 
Strpu pwM • K rM feH srtaa a 
} “A STAR 
..I J 
„j IS BORN”ca> j 

1 
I ti S-S il S-»it t - 7 il S - f il I 
o 
o 
I MIRI SMAIL ALWAYS SI OMI o 
J “THE in J 
J S E N T IN E L ’^ 

•• Happy 
I 
Haw I aXyFa 
| 

I:SO-4 i1 S-7 iOO-*.4 S 
Na Paawu 
o 
“TWIIGHTS un GLEAMING” 5 

NOW THRU 
SUNDAY! 

Featuring: Big Bird, Cookit 
Monster and other Muppet 
Characters from "Sesame Street." 

Tm AaHAf 
IIM 
HW 

IM IM MMM! 
I Miffed Tum- 

MNM I tbfew fed Kfe. 

S.A. CONVENTION CENTER 

WED., MARCH 2 THRU SUN., MAR. 6 

WED., MJH. 2....* BP M. 
THURS., MAR. 3 ... B P.M. 
FRI., MAR 4 ........ t P.M. 
SAT., MAI. S 
2 P.M. 
SAT., MAR 5........ B P.M. 
SUN., MAR. 6 ....... t PJL 

PRICES: 
TAX INCLUDED 
REDUCED TICKETS N O W o(4 SALI: 
JOSHE S, SEARS, JAM A JELLY, ARENA BOX OFFICE. 

CHILDREN 
12 and under 
HALE PRICE 
ALL 
PERFORMANCES. 

*6 ° ° * 5 « ° * 4 « « 

SAN ANTONIO EXPRESS— Thursdoy Morch 3 I 9 7 7 
Page . 7-B 
Film finds roots of Tex-M ex 

SA N T IA G O JIM EN EZ and his son Jim m y giv e an im prom ptu exam ple of T e x -M e x music in the film “Chufas Fronteras.” 
Sotljbarei? fteatauraiH 

Black Forest 

Steaks and 

Seafoods 

I 
WE’RE FROM CORPUS 
Try O ur 
Scrumptious Se afoo d 

ONN 11:3o A.M. -11:oo P.M., SAT. 5:oo-11:oo P.M. 
9 2 2 6 W u rzb ach R o a d at Data Point 
6 9 6 - 9 1 1 4 
GOv/N£> QfX/>& 
Q/TVTnQ 

LIVE...ON STAGE! 

 rn s tm** 
^ re M 

...W O N D LR l’Ul 
X STAGE EFFEC TS 
ENGROSSING 
/C H A R A C T E R S 
BRING ONE OF 
JT LIT ER A T U R E’S MOST 
BELOV ED 
/H E R O E S TO LIFE ON 
T H E STAGE. 

O rth . A P 

O rth . O X 

O r t h . Y - D I ) 

V I M 
T H U R S .. MAR. 3, 1V77 

8 :3 o PM 

SM. (NI 

Sh.5(1 y ,iea trefo n h e 

H«i a g S i m i 
^ Perform ! ag cy iris 

I ppt-r Bal. II-K S i .(NI 

T k 'krU un t i l t at a dut*niut»n anti N orth»(ar M all. 

Hut uffk'v open all da* of p t-rlo rm an tf. 

Myron Bloom 
Fren ch Horn 
Roger Melone 
C on ducting 
All Mozart program 

Symphony No. 28 In C Major 
Concerto No. 2 in E Flat Major 
Concerto Rondo in E Flat Major 
Serenade No. 9 In D Major 

M arch 

5 8:3o pm 
Theater for the Performing Arte 
7 7:3o pm 
Laurie Auditorium 

Tickets: $3 to $6.5o 
Also available at Record Hole Stores 

Two free concerts 
F riday 

Tho 
San 
Antonio 
Symphony will present two free concerts Friday 
— one al Travis Park and another at the East End 
Multi-Service Center. 
The first concert will he at noon at T ra v is 
Park. located a cross from the St. Anthony Ho­ tel. 
The second concert will be at the East End Mul­ ti-Service Center, located at 
Blast Houston and 
Commerce streets. 
Associate conductor 
Harvey Garber will con­ duct the orchestra. The program will feature se­ lections from 
“ The 
Sound of 
M u s i c ,” 
“ Showboat” and a Sousa march as well as waltzes by Tschiakow sky and 
Strauss. 
The concerts are infor­ mal and San Antonians are invited to bring their lunch to the noon time concert and to brum the entire family to the evening performance. 
("horal to sing 
M ozart 

The San Antonio Choral 
Society will sing Mo­ zarts Requiem Mass and 
Solemn Vespers at 8 p.m. 
B'ridav in Trinity Uni­ v e r s ity ’s 
M arguerite 
Parker Chapel. 
The program, which will be conducted by 
Henry Holloway, will he repeated at 4 p.m. Sun­ day in the chapel. 
The coneen will he in­ troduced bv Amy F ree­ man Lee. well-known San 
Antonio artist, lecturer and educator. 
Soloists for the free concerts include: Irene 
Aguilar, soprano; Sandra 
Peters, contralto; I) 
It 
Swedherg. tenor, and Dr. 
George (J Gales, bass. 

Concert m i s tr e s s for flu* 2o-piece San Antonio 
( horal Society orchestra is Katherine Pfeil and accom panist for the society is Madolvn Doug- lus-B'allis 

Libraries display wildlife 

Wildlife paintings and the photographs of Ken 
Holloway will he featured iii two San Antonio public libraries during March. 

Paintings bv local art­ ist Laddie J. Nemee will he exhibited iii the gal- lery area of the Main 
Public Library al 2o.1 S st. Mary’s st 

A native Texan. Ncinct, spent much of his child hood hunting and explor mg the brush country of 
South Texas. He has ex­ hibited his painting in juried art shows throughout Texas, 

Holloway s photo­ graphs will lie on display at the Westfall Branch 
Library, at Oil Rosedale 
Court lie began his car­ eer as a fre e la n ce photographer specializ- ing in oil field scenes. 

Ile later worked on the stall of the D allas Morn­ ing News‘where he was responsible for fashion photography and the 
Sunday rotogravure fea­ ture photography. 

 by BEN KING Jr. 
After seeing “ Chulas 
F r o n t e r a s ” (Beautiful 
Bord ers) many South 
Texans may start looking at enchiladas and maria­ chis in a different light. 
The documentary now showing at St. Mary's 
University digs at the roots of Tex-Mex culture and shows Mexican food and sombreros are just a small part of this area’s culture. 
By focusing on conjunto style music, the film reveals the unique spirit and history of the 
Mexican-American peo­ ple without diluting it with romanticism. 
The musicians play the music, which features the accordion and haji) sexto guitar, the people dance and the viewer almost feels like he’s joining in the bouncy polkas. 
Music basis 
Actually the music which forms the basis of the film is the perfect example of the cultural mesh occurring in South 
Texas. 
As accordionist Santia­ go Jimenez explains in the 58-minute, long film, conjunto music is d er­ ived from the German polkas played in New 
Braunfels and other sur­ rounding towns during the ISIMis. 

Mexican 
- 
American musicians borrowed the basic polka rhythm and altered it with Spanish 

 lyrics to frt their more intense moods. 
Filmmaker Les Blank does an excellent job of using conjunto music.as a vehicle to slip the viewer into 5oth wedding anniversaries, backyard gatherings and a typical kitchen during the 
Christmas season. 
Much more 
But there’s much more to “ ( hulas F r o n t e r a s " than singing, dancing and good times. 
Several scenes in the film depict an aspect of 
South 
T e xa s tourists don’t find too colorful — migrant laborers doing hack-breaking work. 
Another scene recalls through a song the 19o7 confrontation between farm workers and Texas 
Bangers in Starr County. 
The lyrics from the gutsy song “ Kindles De 
T e x a s . ” used in the scene, has gotten the film barred from a few schools since it refers to former Gov. John Con- 
M ozart feature 
One of the world’s foremost hornists. Myron 
Bloom, will he featured in the San Antonio Sym­ phony’s all-Mozart con­ cert at 8:3o p.m. Satur­ day in the Theater for the 
Performing Arts. 
The performance will also he given at 7:3o p.m. 
Monday in Laurie Audi­ torium. 

Review 

 nally as a less than fair politician. 
In filming this are a ’s landscape Blank shows an extraordinary talent for catching beauty in what most people would consider mundane places. 

Bor instance the charm of a flower garden in full bloom in front of a tar­ paper shack. 

Several of the m u s i­ cians appearing in the film will make live ap­ pearances at the film's showing in St. Mary's 
Continuing BIdueation 
Center Auditorium 

Three days 

The film will be shown 
Thursday, B'rid ay and 
Saturday at 8 p.m. and 
9:3o p.m. Thursday Flaco 
Jimenez and Salome Gu­ tierrez will make an ap­ pearance. F rid ay Los 
Alegres de Alazan will 

 perform and Saturday 
Lydia Mendoza will sing. 
Tickets for the film are 
SI.5o for students and $2 for nonstudents. “ Chulas 

F r o n t e r a s ” is being sponsored by 
Centro 
Mexico and the Mexi- can-A m e rican Student 
Organization. 
Ballet highlights due 

The San Antonio Ballet 
Company will be pre­ senting highlights from a variety of ballets Thurs­ day. Friday and Saturday at North Star Mall. 
The presentations are part of the observance of 
Ballet Week in San An­ tonio. 

The company will pre­ sent highlights from 
“ Don Quixote,” “ Swan 
L a k e ” and “ Sleeping 
Beauty.” 

The performances will he given at 1:3o p.m. 
Thursday, Frid ay and 
Saturday. 

''••ii 

 r n 

ONE PER PERSON ONLV 

GOOD FOR l a 
DETWEEN 113oam 
TO 
4.oo p.m. 
MOW-FRI 

ONESUSMUtUMOTUCK 
_ 
. w _ i a .'.-2:1 T K H » : - i : > H I M i T I I I 
SAVE THIS AD FOR YOUR DISCOUNT! haw.™r». _ 

SAVE ON APPLIANCES! 

Save 7o.oo! Frost-proof refrigerator-freezer from Frigidaire 
44995 
Your monthly payment is 24.oo on 
Joske's Major Purchase Budget Plan* 

Orig. S19.9S. Deluxe refrigerator-freezer from 
Frigidaire is 1oo% frost-proof so you need never defrost! Features large 17.o cu. ft. capacity and flowing cold circulation that provides lower, more uniform temperatures and faster return of proper temperatures after door openings. Has fully adjustable cantilever shelves, egg nests molded in the door and separate cheese and snack compartments. Features twin vegetable hydrators, meat tender compartment, Flex-Quick ice trays and ice server. Convenient Reversa- 
Dgors hinge to open left or right. Smooth-glide rollers make moving easy. Model F17oT7. 

Major Appliances, Downtown, North Star, 
Windsor Park, Las Palmas and Austin 

Save on GE washers and dryers 

Washer, 
Reg. 359.95 329 95 

Your monthly payment it 18.oo on 
Joske's Major Purchase Budget Plan* 

Dryer, 
Reg. 279.95 259 95 

Your monthly payment is 14.oo on 
Joske's Major Purchase Budget Plan* 

General Electric programmed washer has 5 fabric selections, permanent press/knit cycle. 
Filter-FloK system and 
Mini-Basket*. 
Model 
WWA93ooP 
Dryer has automatic sensor, 
3 cycles, 4 temperature selections, lint filter. Model 
DDE71o8P. White, add IO OO extra for color. 

Major Appliances, Downtown, North Star, 
Windsor Park, Las Palmas and Austin 
J O S H S T S 
A UNIT or ALLIED STOKES 

These products have a manufacturer's warranty For a free copy of the warranty write Joske s of Texas, San Antonio, Texas /82U3. 

* The monthly payment shown is available under our major purchase budget plan only. Each monthly payment includes sales tax and 
FINANCE CHARGE A FINANCE CHARGE will be imposed tor any current billing period rn which there is a balance owing from any prior billing period (the Previous Balance), unless payments or other credits received prior to the end of such current billing period equal or exceed the Previous Balance The FINANCE CHARGE will be a minimum of 5oc imposed, on Previous Balances up lo $35 OO. On tho 
Previous Balances in excess of $35.oo, the FINANCE CHARGE will be computed at a Periodic Hate of I 
% on the first $5oo QQ*of the Pre­ vious Balance and 1% on the amount over $5oo.OO, which are the equivalent ot ANNUAL PERCENTAGE RATES of 18% and 12% respec­ tively. 
_________ 
___________________________ 

SHOP ALL STORES IO 'TIL 9 THURSDAY! 
Call 223-5591 
Symphony Box Office 

SAN ANTONIO EXPRESS— Thursday Morch 3 1977 
UTS A joins program at Kelly 

No, it’s not Amy Carter going for a spin, it's her Illinois look-alike 

Deanna Watters, 8, of Joliet, III., visiting the Chicago Automobile 
Show. — AP Wirephoto 

The University of Texas at San 
Antonio has become the fourth college participating in the Air 
Force Logistics Command’s 
Cooperative Education Program at Kelly AFB. 

The agreement was signed by E.M. 
Mahon, UTSA vice president for busi­ ness affairs, Dr. Vincent L. Avallone, 
UTSA cooperative education director, and Raul Valdez, civilian personnel officer at Kelly. 

UTSA joins St. M ary's University and Prairie View A&M University in 
Texas and New Mexico H igh land s 
University in the program at Kelly. 

The program is designed to blend academ ic trainin g and practical experience by altern atin g periods o f work and school 

Currently 28 studenta from these in­ stitutions work in jobs at Kelly ranging from c h em istry and acco un tin g to personnel and procurement. 

Work 

The program is designed to blend academic training and practical ex­ perience by a lte rn a tin g periods of work and school. 

Students enrolled in the program 

 work fulltime at Kelly half the year, in a GS-.1, 4 or 5 position directly related to their field of study. During the other six months, they return to their un­ iversities to continue their academic tra in in g . T his c on tin ues until the students receive their degrees. 

The program is open to college so­ phomores or juniors enrolled in par­ ticip atin g colleges or u n iv e rsitie s meeting the required academ ic and career standards. 

AFLC, Kelly’s p a re n t c o m m an d , pays the cost of tuition, related fees and books for the stu d e n t’s college during this first year in the program. 

R em ainin g costs of his co lleg e education are paid for by the student, but are mostly defrayed from earnings during the Kelly work periods. 

Graduation 

When a student graduates from col­ lege, he is eligible for a non-competi­ tive career-conditional U.S. Civil Ser­ vice appointment, and offered a GS-5 or 7 position at Kelly related to his cooperative education training. 

Fiesta to bring 
S.A. m illions 

F ie sta is com ing, bringing together three million spectators and participants to pump SSI million a day into San 
Antonio's economy. 
Although the city's an­ nual spring carnival of fu n , food and frolic w ill last only Iii days, Fiesta 
‘77 is expected to gener­ ate more than $13 m i l l ­ 

 ion . 
The annual influx of tourists during 
April 
15-24 this year will also keep the city’s cash re­ gisters busy. 
Sales up 

F ie sta 
C om m ission 
Executive Vice President 
Davis Burnett dr. said. 
“ Interest in Fiesta this year. as shown by ad­ vance ticket sa le s, is a p p re c ia b ly ahead of 
197H.” 
Large groups from Ok­ lahoma to VVashington. 
D C., have confirmed re- serv at ions or pa c k a g e plans for hotel, transpor­ tation, Fiesta tickets and dining, Burnett said. 
B u rnett noted direct income to San Antonio iii room occu pancy tax. rentals and fees and sales tax totaled $182,ooo last y ear. 
He a n tic ip a te s more this year. 
Food, rooms 
An additional $1 m il­ lion a day was generated 

 i i i the form o f food and beverage sales, room ac­ c o m m o d a tio n s, re ta il sales and other expenses, he said. 
Fiesta San Antonio be­ gan in 1891 w ith one e ven t, the 
B attle of 
Flowers P arade. Today there are H3 civic organi­ zations that spnnsror the 
Kl days of Fiesta. 

$8 million rape suit is filed 

A 
14-year-old 
Fort 
Worth girl filed an $8 million damage suit iii district court Wednesday in connection with an al­ leged rape at a North 
Side motel. 
She is suing Trinity 
Valley School i i i Fort 
Worth and Headmaster 
Stephen Seleny i i i the im*- tit ion filed in IHth Dis­ trict C ourt, c la im in g them responsible for her being raped 
She said she was railed iii a North Side motel last 
January while represent­ ing the school in an ath­ letic contest here. 

She clanned in her lie­ ut ion the school and its headm aster were negli­ gent by maintaining a permissive at mosphere and bv allowing her al­ leged attacker to attend the school. 

She also claimed her indefinite suspension fro n d he school following the incident has brought psychological damage to her. 

H o p e in held miner* alive 

TOWER H T Y , Pa - 
Voue contact was made 
W ednesday night with one of the eight miners trapped 32 hours inside a flooded coal mine 

T here was no im m e­ diate word of the seven oilier m in ers 
Contact was made through a tuho inserted in a HW-foot deep hole drilled into solid anthracite coal Bodies of two o th e r m en were brought out of the mine earlier. T he IU were trapped when a wall of water gushed through a mine tunnel. 

Magna Pak lends st hsitd with feedin’ crowd tonite 

Sirloin 
Steak 
^ 1 1 if 

B O N E -IN ................................. . • ? . ............................ LB. J Wk 
Chuck 
Roast 

BLADE C U T ............................■ ? . 
... LB. 
Chuck 
.. 
Roast 
$ 

7 -B O N E ...................................... 

Steak 
|2 9 

LARGE E N D ................................................................... LB. 
SS? 
I-’ 
B O N E -IN .....................................^ ^ _ T L T L . . . L B 

Save 5C a pound on larger size packages o£ meat with the helpin’ hand tag. 

When there’s family and guests settin’ down to dinner, you want to feed ’em good and hearty. We can help as you do your shoppin with us. 
We found its not as costly to package up one big cut of meat, as it is for two small ones. So we pass along the savin s to you. Jes’ look for that bright Mag- napak tag, to save 
5C a pound. Shop once and you’ll know why we say that 

ICube 
Steak 

BO N ELESS .... 

US 
L lL47 

L :I14 

L l 67 

Stewing g 
Beef 

B O N ELESS ........................ 
Pork chops ~ m m I 
LOIN RIB 
..................................W 
........................... LB. H 
Meat is good for your family. 

Meat contains protein which builds and maintains all body tissues. It forms an im­ portant part of enzymes, hormones and body fluids. The Recommended Daily 
Allowance of protein is 45 grams. 
Meat contains iron which goes toward creating hemoglobin, that red stuff in your blood. It carries the oxygen where it s needed. 
Meat contains niacin which helps the body to use the oxygen to produce energy. 
And it helps keep your skin, tongue, digestive tract and nervous system healthy. 
Meat...is good for your growing family. 

Magnamart is the next best thing to wholesale. 

• 4722 Eishenhauer Rd. 
• 6723 South Flores S t 
At 1-35 
At Military Rd. 
• 9631 North San Pedro Ave. 
At McCarthy (Just North of 41o) 

OPEN 7 DAYS A WEEK 
MONDAY THRU SATURDAY 9-9, SUNDAY 1o-7 
GNAMART 

The Next Best Thing to W holesale. 

Un-coupon: Here's the potatoes to go with your meat. 
NO COUPON 
NECESSARY! 
FREE 
1o-lb. Bag of Russet 
Potatoes 
FO* THC ASK INO ANO A SIO M INIMUM 
PURCHAM-ADULTS ONLY-LIMIT O N I, 
CMICTtVf MARCH I THRU MARCH t , 1o77. 

 lay it safe 

LEONARD RANDOW, BOB ELLIS DISPLAY EXPLOSIVES 
...for Kimberly Haney, Douglas Mzyk, Jeff Hassmann 

By LOIS HAASE 
A visit to Safety Seminar 
1977 leaves a greater im ­ pression on the 4,ooo to 5,ooo children who attend than the safety they’ ve been learning all term in class. 

The two-week seminar will end 
Friday. Sessions have been of­ fered each week day from 9:3o to 
11:3o a rn. and from 12:3o to 2:3o p.m. 
Safety with electricity is being emphasized by the City Public 
Service Board with film strips and d iscu ssion s. One fourth grader from Ridgeview Elemen­ tary School su rp rised the in­ structor with his knowledge of electrical terms. Seems the class had just finished studying elec­ tricity in class so they were dou­ bly interested in this area. 
San Antonio Police Department is showing films on, bicycle and school safety. A bicycle, with proper safety equipment, is on display so that students can see where reflectors and other safe g u a rd s should be placed. 
Huge posters display traffic signs found on streets and highways so that bike riders can recognize and obey all signs. 
( apt. G. E. Matheny is also showing a film on shoplifting and 

 its consequences. Youngsters are taught at an early age that sho­ plifting is not daredevil fun but a serious crime. Picking up small item s in stores can becom e habit-form ing and a crim in al record can be building while the youngster thinks he’s impressing his friends and having a child­ hood adventure. It can turn into a nightmare. 
Rifle safety 
Patrolm an Leonard Randow and Detective Bob Ellis keep the interest of students with empha­ sis on rifle safety and a demon­ stration and exhibit of war souvenirs. 
Sample explosives are shown and explained so that students will recognize them easily — and leave them alone. 
A table holds a deadly exhibit of what is commonly known as “ war souvenirs.” The danger of these grenades, mortars, motor rock­ ets, parachute explosives and others was apparent by the fas­ cination they hold for the students. 
Gun safety is also stressed. 
Even the popular B B gun is demonstrated to show that care­ lessness could leave someone partially blind. 
Randow stresses that guns are rn ny as dangerous as the person behind them. “ Never point 

 a gun. even unloaded, at anything you do not want to kill,” he re­ minds the youngsters. 
The children watch in a trance as he talks, saying they know he wouldn't bring a loaded gun ar­ ound them. 
Then he pulls the trigger point­ ing the gun at the ceiling. There’s a loud “ bang” as a blank explodes and the children jump a foot off the ground. They are impressed. 
A film, “ Learn Not to Burn.” is shown by the San Antonio Fire 
Department. They learn safety here but the biggest thrill provid­ ed by the Fire Fighters is the ar­ rival of the huge snorkel fire truck. 
Red pan t 

While Fire Fighters put their big red giant through its paces, with its Airbourne Fire Fighter, the children are served soft drinks, courtesy of Coca C ola 
Bottling Company. 
Seminar is co-sponsored by the 
Bexar County Medical* Society 
Auxiliary and the Greater S*n 
Antonio Safety Council. Auxiliary co-chairmen are Mines. Ignacio 
Queralt and Willis E. Brown Ray 
Wangler and Gordon C. Tull as­ sisted representing the Safety 
Council. 
“lf we save one life or prevent one accident, it s all worthwhile,” 
Wangler sas s. 

Dallas designer Les W ilk and Carm en 
Tidwell of the Dallas regional office of the March of Dimes are here for ‘‘Coffee with le s / ’ a benefit fashion show at IO a.m . Thursday it. the new A irp o rt 
Travelodge. Tickets (tax deductible) may be purchased at the door. 

 f KOSt S NOK lh SUK MAU IS OPtN UNilL 8 3o lOft&Hi 

SUNDRESSING. 

 destined 

 for summer 

 acclaim. 

 ifs the 

 must-have 

 look to 

 bare up with 

 as I he 

 texas sill 

 tosses those 

 glorious rays 

 your w ay. 

 seen here, 

 from our 

 sunup-sundow ti 

 col lect ions, 

 newest 

 corselet te 

 sundressing bs 

 vieky Vaughn 

 in a burst 

 o f blooms. 

5 to 13 sizes, 

3o.oo. 

 junior shop, 

 clow mow n 

 and north star 

 mail. 

Children learn 

FROST BROS 

HI hilt* At if 

Trudeau is no robot 

Montreal Gazette, says Mrs. Trudeau's choice of a short dress for a state dinner probably grew out of the much touted informality at the White House. 

“ We all have been reading how low­ key the Carters have been so perhaps she was responding to that.” 

There is little written about Mrs. 
T rudeau's clothes in the Canadian papers, not only because she doesn t want it discussed but also because people are not that concerned, gener­ ally. about what she wears, according to Carolyn Weiner of Holt Renfrew. 

“ She's a very private person and she does her own thing. I admire her for that,” Weiner adds. 
Excursion 

BY MNA S. HYDE 
IHE W A SH IN G T O N POST SERVICE 
WASHINGTON - Ii Rosalynn 
Carter and M argaret Trudeau took tim e out to talk about fash io n — and it is very unlike­ ly t h a t th e y did — they would find they had a lot in com m on. 

Both like clothes but don't like to harp on the subject, particularly in front of the press. Both have an in­ dependent style and opt for the com ­ fortable and casual, including jeans for the most informal occasions. 
And just as Mrs. Carter brought her sewing machine to the White House, 
M rs Trudeau has one in her residence at 24 Sussex Drive in Ottawa. 

Mrs. Trudeau, who occasionally hops on her bike, wearing jeans, and goes off to shop with a similarly dressed 
Royal Canadian Mounted Policeman trailing her on a bike, likes to browse unnoticed through the racks. 

She m akes her selections at bou­ tiques such as Josee Bes .lardin. John 
Warden or Rive Gauche in Montreal or the fine Holt Renfrew specialty shop. 

“ In the beginning she bought a lot of clothes from Canadian designers,” observes. W arden, a d e s ig n e r of ready-to-wear and lingerie who has his own boutique. 

“ But now she seems to prefer others. 
She may be shopping on Seventh 
Avenue.” Later he added sadly. “ It s really too bad. She could do for Can­ adian fashion what Mrs. Onassis did for the Americans.” 
F re n ch labels 

There are French designer labels in her wardrobe, including Yves Saint 
Laurent and Chloe, and outfits from 
Italian designer Andre Laug, but for very special occasions she makes her own dresses. 

She designed and m ade her own wedding dress (and baked the cake, too) and created the wedding dress as well for the nanny to her children. 
Mary Alice Mullally. 

Designer Warden, who has not seen 
Mrs. Trudeau in the dress worn to the state dinner at the White House, terms the choice “ a little on the classic side but believes it was “ just as fashionable as a long dress ” 

VY iii i Rider, fashion editor of the 

ON FALL LONG DRESSES', JUMPSUITS 

AND LONG SKIRTS. WE MUST MAKE 

ROOM FOR NEW SPRING MERCHAN­ 

DISE, AND HAVE TAKEN 

 t UNPRECEDENTED 
One Montreal boutique invited press coverage of Mrs. Trudeau’s shopping excursion to the store and later found all the clothes she had purchased re­ turned to the shop. And she has not returned there since. 

Several American designers have criticized Mrs. Trudeau's choice for the dinner and Letitia B ald rid g e, former social secretary to Jacqueline 
Kennedy Onassis when she was the 
First Lady, agrees. 

' EVERY LONG FALL 
DRESS 

O RIG IN A LLY 
SELLING 
_ 
IN O U R 
C 
M 
S ' 
STOCK UP TO ^ 
T f 
26.99 n o w a t . . . r n 1 

7 dress a n d act like a lady most o f the time...I h ave some b e a u tifu l lady-like clothes. 

EVERY FALL 

O RIG IN A LLY 
SELLING 
23.99U P TO 

N O W AT... 
“ Unequivocably it should have been a long dress." says' Miss Baldridge. 
“ It s a most formal and dignified occasion.” 

It s h ardly the first tim e M rs. 
Trudeau’s independent style has been criticized. 
Mrs. 
Trudeau told one caller to a radio station, where she was answ ering questions about having worn blue jeans and a Liberal party 
T-shirt on a visit to Cuba, “ I dress and act like a lady most of the time. I have some beautiful lady-like clothes.” 

To another caller she announced that she no longer wanted to be simply "a rose in my husband s lapel." Then she added. “ If you rely com pletely un protocol, you can become a robot." 

ORIGIN AUY 
UP TO 12.99 
N O W AT... 

■ B 
S H 
] 
521o BROADWAY 

6128 WURZBACH at EVERS 
M ARGARET TRUDEAU W ITH RO SA LY N N CARTER 
...A ‘proper’ dress for a state dinner? 
H ours: IO A M -9 P.M . M on.-Fri.; Sat. IO A M .-6 P M 

U.S. heritage to be theme 

Month c o n te st and winning essays will he read on “ Battles of the 
American Revolution.” 

San Antonio de Bexar 
Chapter of the Daughters of the American Revolu­ tion will meet at 1:3o p.m. 
Thursday in Alamo Hall. 
Theme of the program is A m erican H eritage. 
Mrs. William I). Weath­ e rford , h isto rian, will present the essay winners of the American History 
SALE! 
16% to 33% off 
Kids’ colorful casual clothes 

Tea hostesses will be 
Mines. Richard VV. Wil­ son, J.C. Bridges. Stan­ ley S chm idt. R ich ard 
Fekhardt and Miss Carol 
King. 

 ms d i n n e r 

Tower Chapter, Ameri­ can Business W om en’s 
Association will celebrate its first anniversary with a party and meeting at 7 p.m . T h u rsd ay al the 
Holiday Inn Northwest. 
The social hour will 

 begin at H:3o p.m. 
Guest speaker will be 
Tower Chapter s Boss of the Year. Marcus Sem- melmun of Southwestern 
Bell Telephone Co. Doris 
Cunningham will be vo­ cational speaker. uiscussion on hook sc! 
Beta Psi chapter of Al­ pha D elta K appa will meet at 7.3o p.m. Thurs­ day in the home of Linda 
Davis. 
A book discussion will be lead by 
E le a n o r 
Damewood. librarian at 
MacArthur High School 
Women s club lo hold meet 
Brooke Army Medical 
C enter W om en’s Club will meet al 11:3o a nt. 
Thursday at the Bright 
Shawl. Duke s of Fort 
Worth will narrate a pre­ sentation on winnowers. 

Photography 
S tu dio 
TMA TRI FOR TM PERFORMING ARII 
SUNDAY, MARCH 13 
2:3o P M 

HltSiNltDBr 
Ii illeL Society 

Stilt 
*3 SO to S t SO 
Mad auto* aiteplvd 
WT/-J 

 fillet 

Y o u m a y t h a i I U N o a l B io t it e * a H i 
Mao!** Cherie 
■■■■........... - 
^ale 
H im 
MMI* s — 
S e a rs Where America shops 

IHA. M ilt HI < A AMU I l l 
Satisfaction Guaranteed or your Money Back 

 t i l i l . i o I I n t i * s i , , | at I ii 11 »ii IGI 
Mini. thru s.,i. ftUPHONK 
732 *1o3 

SAN A N TO N IO EXPRESS— Thursday March 3 1977 

Hubby dresses the Part 

SAN ANTONIO EXPRESS— -Thursday March 3 I 977 
Page . 3-C 

Dear Ann Landers: My married for two years, husband and I have been 
He seemed normal in 

MACRAME! IT’S A NATURAL! th e ll ay To Start Your Day. Everyday 

PZNITA 

Bareback or Sling, 

 whichever you choose, 

 it s right for you! 

Right for every outfit you wear. 

■ 
A M M I' 

 cen tra iT a rT 
MAU 
LOWER LEVEL 

 every way and I never had any reason to ques­ tion his masculinity. 
Our sex life is good but 
I never had any exper­ ience before I met him so maybe I'm not much of a judge. 
About six months ago, 
B asked me to make up his face just to see what he'd look like if he were a woman.” I thought it was a big joke and did it. I must say he looked beautiful. 
A few weeks later, B asked me to make up his face again. This time I was uneasy and told him it was the last time I'd play the game. 

W i g 
An hour later he came into the li\ing room wearing my best house­ coat and a wig, which he must have purchased himself. I was so upset I couldn’t look at him. 
Now I know what has been happening to my 
"missing” bras and pan- 

Ann 

Landers 

March of Dimes 

A 'S 

“Coffee with Les” and Fashion Show 

Les Wilk Designer 

1o:oo A.M. March 3, 1977 

Airport Travelodge 

Donation $6.oo 

Benefit March of Dimes 

Sponsored by 

732 N O R T H S T A R M A L L 

 tyhose, I am just sick. 
Is this a hormone defi­ ciency, a mental illness or what? I need some answers before I go crazy. Morristown, N.J. 
Dear N.J. 
Your hus­ band may be a transves­ tite whose kicks end with the dressing up. Some psychiatrists say all transvestites are either homosexual or bisexual. 
Please discuss this problem with a counse­ lor. Your letter raises many questions which I cannot answer. 
Since you’ve been married only two years, it may be that the way to fight this situation is with your hat. G rab it and run. 
Iii love 
Dear Ann Landers: 
I think I'm in love but I can’t get myself to say yes until I correct a few things that are bothering me. 
George smokes cigars. 
I hate the smell. He has a nervous cough that is very irritating. When I mentioned it last week he said. "What cough?” He wasn’t even aware he had it. 
George bites his nails when he’s watching TV or a movie. 
His partial plates click when he chews food. His manners are not good at the table. 
Ile talks with his mouth full and never re­ members to pass anyth­ ing. The salt, sugar. 

 gravy, whatever, stops with him. 
I ve been a widow for nine years and want to get married. George has many good qualities. Do you think I will be able to change these few things that I find so annoying? 
— Hopeful 
Dear IL: 
Unless you are prepared to accept 
George as he is, w ith his smelly cigars, irritating cough, chewed-up finger­ nails, clicking partials and poor table manners, better say no and stop seeing him. 
Marriage is not a re­ form school. 
Blush 
Ann Landers: I started to work in this office six weeks ago and I love my job. But the men I work with have discovered I blush easily. 

Now I'm the prime tar­ get for off-color jokes and crude gimmicks sold in cheap novelty shops. One guy springs this stuff on me and the w hole group gathers around to watch my face turn red. 
I am 2o years old and no prude, but I don’t like barroom stories and crum m y gadgets. 
Is there any way I can learn to control my blushing?— 
Tomato Face 

Dear Face: Blushing is an involuntary act and can’t be controlled. 
Its refreshing to know there’s a girl around who can still blush. View it as an asset, honey. You are one of the last of a van­ ishing breed. 
A no-nonsense ap­ proach to how to deal with life's most difficult and most rewarding ar­ rangement. 
Ann 
Landers’s booklet, "M a r­ riage — What to Kxpect,” will prepare you for bet­ ter or for worse. Send your request to Ann 
Landers, care of The Kx- press. Box 2171. San An­ tonio, Tex. 7N297. 
NEW! 

NATURAL WHOLE GRAIN 
FIBER BREAD 

N atu ral h igh fiber goodness combined with a unique w hole gra in fla v o r... that's GRAINOLA Bread. 
And when toasted, it’s extra delicious! 
GRAINOLA Bread is an exclusive blend of spring, wheat bran... stone ground whole wheat flour... steam rolled whole wheat... oatmeal... cracked rolled barley... whole rye meal and enriched flour. GRAINOLA contains no artificial ingredients... no preservatives... no refined sugar. The only sweetening used in 
GRAINOLA Bread is nature's own molasses and honey! 
HEARTY NUT LIKE FLAVOR 
OUTSTANDING TASTE 

Johnson’s A Johnson’s 
Persons! Care Needs 

 from 

PRICES GOOD THURSDAY, MARCH 

3, THRU SATURDAY, MARCH S IN: 

SAN ANTONIO A UNIVERSAL CITY. 

* 
_ . . . 
- 

JOHNSON'S 
BUY 
SHAMPOO 

JOHNSON’S 
BABY 
POWDER 

MFGR.'S 
25c OEF 
LABEL 

11-OUNCE 
SIZE. . . . 

14 OUNCE 
SIZE . . . . 
SHOWER TO SHOWER $ 
JOHNSON « JOHNSON'S 
DEODORANT BODY POWDER 13-OUICE SIZE. 

o7 

o9 

JOHNSON’S 
DABY OIL 
TYLEHOL 
TABLETS 

I Mil’.' . 
| M 
‘ ^ *' 
1o-OUNCE 
SIZE. 

 n o n-aspir in 
3 9 
5 ^ 1 o 
BOTTLE v Bi 
OF IOO 
TABLETS................... 
I 

COTTON SYI UBS 
Johnson A Johnson 

BOI OF 

2oo. . . 97 
C 

SOFF BRAND 
COSMETIC PUFFS 
Johnson A Johnson 
97' 

JOHNSON A JOHNSON 
BAND-AID...» 
PLASTIC STRIPS 
S 4 3 9 

26o COUNT 
OR TRIPLE 
SIZE 1oo’S . . . 

ASSORTED 
SIZES 
BOX OF 7o 

STAYFREE 
MAXI-PADS 
BOX OF 3o......................... 

$479 
I 

CARE FREE PANTY 
SHIELDS 
BOX OF 3o............... 

$441 
1 

JOHNSONS 
DISPOSABLE 
DIAPERS 
BOX OF 24 DAYTIME 

=71 

NOT 
FLUSHABLE 

* * 'TJ'CUJS 

\S 4 
M m t t m t . 
, 
„ i l l S| M ASI ll )U* 
/ 
< lill| HMV 
-A V 

 j s 

V V 
/ 

It’s only natural... you’ll love GRAIN’OLA 

 w w 
' w 
W 
W v w w w w 
^ w w 
^ r w 
- r 
- 
- 
^ 
A 
'» v 
> ices are 

SOFTEE OR 
GOOD BREAD 
I 2-LB. loaf 

CHUCK ROAST 

STENHOUSE 
BEEF 
CENTER CUT 

H.E.B. 
SPECIAL! 
POUND .... 

ROUND STEAK 

STEAKHOUSE BEEF. 
FAMILY 
FAVORITE! 
H.E.B. 
SPECIAL! 
POUND 

SIRLOIN STEAK 

STEAKHOUSE 
BEEF. 
GREAT FOR 
THE GRILLI 

H.E.B. 
SPECIAL 
POUHD 

T-BONE STEAK 

STEAKHOUSE 
BEEF. 

H.E.B. 
SPECIALI 
POUND 
ILIMIT-3. ADDITIOHAIS 33‘ PER LOAF. 

SPECIAL! 

LETTUCE 
U.S. NO. I LARGE HEADS 

FRESH 
CRISP 

< 
SPECIAL! 

ARM STEAK 

STEAKHOUSE 
BEEF 
SHOULDER 
CUT 
H.E.B. 
SPECIAL! 
POUND 
GROUND 
BEEF 
LEAN. POUND 
99 
(i CHUCK 
M STEAK 
7-BONE. POUND 
79c 

REEF SHORT 

■ v r r r . 
' X 

S jb & iifo & w 

MARGARINE ! 
■,m sm rt : 

IMPERIAL- LB. QTRS. i| l| 
F 
. 
MARGARINE 3 9 ' 
OR 

TERDER A MEATY. POUHD 

STARBIRD. 5-6-7TH RIBS 
$ 
4 
o9 
SLICED BEEF f l J A 
A 
COUHTRY STYLE SLICED 
RIR ROAST I 
LIVER 
M c RAGON 
STEAKHOUSE BEEF. LB.............. 
M 
SKINLESS I DEVEIHEO. LB.... “ 
V 
MKT. WRAPPED. PO 

$ 4 1 o 9 

MKT. WRAPPED. POUHD. 

HUELESS TESOF SIZED 
( J rn n 
CUBE S TEA K ™ 
5 1 

H U . m m 
FR A R K S ....... 
6 5 ’ 

ROECELEIN BOLOGNA, SALAMI, OUVi, PICKLE rn 
LUNCH MEAT tit 
4 9 * 

PLANTATION BEAUTY 
A A 
TURKEY HAMfh.o 5198 

PARK MANOR AMERICAN 

H E B. GRAOE A . 1o 14 LB. AVG. 
A 
A 
I * 
Young Turkeys. b ! r 

SINGLES ISS...................9 9 ’ 

DELICIOUS 
o 4 7 o 
LEGOLAMB.... *179 
LAMB CHOPS*. . *219 

SHOULDER 
o41 RO 
LAMB CHOPS.. *1 
PATTIES n. 
*119 
LAMB CHOPS*. *229 

AMERICAN 
o4 oo 
KRAFT SINGLES *“*1 

SIU E IIIL 1 E T -L B . anis. 
A 
A 
P 
MARGARINE Z U 1 

 u M ii-2 e n s . io n s choice lODIIIOHSIS HE8IIUR PRICE. 

H.E.B. hum* FLOUR 

GREEN 
CABBAGE 
U.S. NO. 1 TEXAS FRESH. PO U N D ... 
ANJOU 
PEARS 
WASHINGTON FANCY. POUNDii* 
29 

PLASTIC PLANTERS 
FESCO OR PHILLIPS 5Vi” OR O '. ATTACHED 
SAUCERS. DECORATOR STYLES AND COLORS. 

HAN6ING POTS 

IO” PLASTIC HANGING POTS • WITH 
ATTACHED SAUCER AHD WIRE HARGER. 

TEXAS FRESH CRISP 
M B. CELLO BAG... 
CARROTS 
CELANTRO 
RADISHES' 

TEXAS FRESH 
GREEN. BUNCH 

RED. 6-OZ. BAG. 

LIMIT-1. 
ADDLS. 
GEG. PRICE 
25 
POUND 
DAG... 
$ 2 3 9 

WHITE ONIONS 
MUSHROOMS 

U.S. NO. I 
MID.. LB. 

WHITE 
B OZ. TRAY. 
GRAPEFRUIT 5-LB. BAG 
SET DANISH ROLLS 

ROYAL MAID 
PACKAGE OF 8 

APPLES 
WASHINGTON WINESAP 
OR DELICIOUS. 3-LB. BAG 

2 9 c 

19c 

19c 

2 9 c 

7 5 c 

7 9 ° 

9 9 c 

YOUR 
CHOICE 

POWER 
LAWM MOWER 
3 H.F. BRIGGS - STRATTON ENGINE 
99 

VINYL 5o FOOT 
GARDEN HOSE 
29 

VT DIA. 
REG. *2.99 

EACH 

 s . 

 t i l 

LONG HANDLE 
GARDEN TOOLS 
LEAF RAKE. BOW RAKE. 
CHOPPING HOE. CULTIVATOR. 
POINTED SHOVEL. VALUES 
.99 - YOUR CHOICE. 

ROSI 
I FOOR. 

% 
SEV 

FERTILIZERS 

ROSE 
GREEN LIGHT 

NEB. *1.79. 5 LB. DAG lr SEVIN DUST 
GREEM LIGHT 
I LB.. REG. *1.29..... 

SEVIN 

H.E.B. WHEAT BREAD 

P L A N T A T I O N 

O R G A N I C 
P O U N D B A G 

DELICIOUS! 
IVz-POUHD LOAF....... 39 

 a n s 

M R O S S Y I . F R O Z E N 

I O O Z . P A C K A G E . . . 

Rot'Kiu 
Ve\K*Ui 
_ 
W 
^ NT deep £igji V 

PIE SHELLS 

PET RITZ 
DEEP DISH 

FROZEN 
2-PACK 49 

CUT OKRA 
Macaroni A Cheese 
POTATOES 
CHICKEN DINNERS 
VEGETABLES 
SOUFFLE 
WHOLE OKRA 
STRAWBERRIES 
NIBLETS CORN 
APPLE JUICE 

Stouter Frotan 

1 2 O Z . P K G ........... 

O R E I D A . F R E N C H F R I E D 

F R O Z E N .................................................... 3 - L B . B A G 

S W 
A N S O N S , F R O Z E N 
HV..QZ....................... 

G R E E N G I A N T 
M I X E D 

F R O Z E N ...................... 
I O O / . P K G 

S T O F F E R S 
C O R N O R S P I N A C H 

F R O Z E N 
...................... 
1 2 O Z 
P K G 

B I R O S E V E . F R O Z E N 

I O O Z . P K G . ............... 

T R O P H Y 
F R O Z E N 

I O O Z . P K G 
. 

G R E E N G I A N T 
F R O Z E N 

I O - O Z 
P K G ........................... 

T R E E T O P 
F R O Z E N 

1 2 O Z . C A N 
. 

52’ 
72’ 
85* 
85* 
44* 
72* 
52’ 
39* 
44* 
63* 

LOW FILIO 

BATTER FRIED 

TOMATO CATSUP 
NEW POTATOES 
BLACKEYED PEAS 
DISINFECTANT 

D E L M O N T E 

1 4 O Z . B T L 

O i l M O N T E 

U - O Z . C A N . 

W 
O I C O 
W I T H S N A P S 

1 4 V , - O Z . C A N .................. 

S I I V E X 
P I N E F R E S H 

H 
O Z . B O T T L E .......... 
FISH STICKS 

CA| T v , U A G t 9 A R K 
P L A I N O R I O D I Z E D 
UHL I 2 4 - O Z 
B 
O 
K . . .............................................. 

GORTONS 

FROZEN 
B OZ. PKG.. 79 

WAFFLE SYRUP 

V H I A G E P A R K 

4 A O Z 
B O T T L E 
COOKIES R O Y A L M A I D 
A S S O R T E D C R E M E S 

Collage Cheese 
CHOCOLATE MILK 

R afa l M aid la, «• A I mall la rd 

IF O , tarta n .......... 

R O Y A L M A I O 

V , - G A L I O N . . 

41° 
...31c 
...26c 
71c 
17c 
*1.45 

S l c 
59c 
... B9C 

FERTILIZER 
LAWN FOOD 
LAWN FOOD 
LAWN FOOD 
VERTIGREEN 
PEAT MOSS M A R K M A N 4o P O U N D B A G 
COW MANURE 

V E R T I G R E E N 

R E G U L A R 

V E R T I G R E E N 

W S E V I N 

V E R T I G R E E N 

W 
I R O N 

A M M O N I U M 

S U L P H A T E 

5o 
5o P O U N O B A G . . 
5o P O U N O B A G . . 
5o P O U N D B A G . . 
5o P O U N D B A G 

$5 99 

S549 

SR49 

• 
* 

$599 

$449 

 n SPECTRICIDE S*fl 88 
- I . . 
M B . C4BISTEB 
V MWW 

' * 
* 
BEGUHN '2.19............................ 
B 

FOOD J a 2 9 

M R R A B 
I 

99c 

• I '* 

*129 

S M 
9 

LAWH CHAIRS 
ALUMINUM FOLDING 
99 

YOUR ii CHOICE! 

5N4X4 WEBS 
REG. *5.99..... 

3-PC. GARDEN 
TOOL SET 
M E T H . RES. 99‘ .................... 

BUG BAIT 
-Jeji BREER II6HT 
LR. n e . RER. *1.8 9 ................. 

Many Purpose 
EEI LIGHT 
.. MS. >1.59. dust r ,BH 

G A R D E N E R S 
J i l l 

C O M P O S T E D ■DM P O U N O B A G 
S-|S9 

2 Extension Cord 
M 
L \ 5o-fI. H U IT DUTT ELECTRICAL 
J- 
3 COROUCTOR. RES. * 6. 9 9. .. . 

Boule Surayer 

TOMATO PLANTS 
BEEFSTEAK 
HOMESTEAD 
RUTGERS 
PORTER PRIDE 

B I G B O Y 

H Y B R I D 
E A C H 

E A R L Y G I R L 

H Y B R I D 
E A C H 

P A T I O 

H Y B R I D 
E A C H 

S U P E R 

F A N T A S T I C 
E A C H 

13° 
13e 
13* 
13c 

‘.PLASTIC IIIBSER. ILL PURPOSE x 
J t r o z . s u e . M B .'1 .1 9 ........................... 
LAW N 
SPRINKLERS 

PIASTK MNC, 
PLASTIC HOS! NOZZU, 
MITAL GUN GRIP NOZZU, 
PIASTK IAN SPRAYER. 
WHIRL ASPRAY, MITAL 
FOUNTAIN SPRtKUR. 
YOUR CHOICE 79 

FENCING 
DEC' (TATOR PLASTIC 
OR 4ooo. I T . RES. 59’ . . 

LEAF RAKE 
LOBB HANDLE. N E T M v TIRE. RES. > 1.9 9 ................. 

Metal 
Hose Hanger 
REBOILS 99‘ ................. 

7 9 * 

4 4 c 

 n u 

OSCILLATING LAWN 
MODEL 59. RE6. 3.99 
SMOKEY DUH 
BAR-B-Q GRILL 
REG.'14.99 
CHARCOAL 
BRIQUETS 

ETCH.. 
A 

 a p p e l i i e r 

A VAIL AOLI O M * AT *o88 W a tt A .a n y * 

H Y I N a t a o d a t h a , 
N 
M 
W u r i k a h A d a*2 l Bandar# Ad 
U M m ild a n 
I M H W San 
Padiu A *a and T T I] I arb hill ta lm a Ad 

SNACK IOX Cf 
FRIED CHICKEN K. „ 

OLD IA smelt o 
POTATO SHIAO.. 

7 5 C 

8 5 * 

(b a k e s h Q p 

A v a i l A A ii O M I AT. H P I N a ta fd a th a , 
WOO M u n h a l l Ad 
AFSI ta» da>a Ad 
UFO 
Hill. i att 
I M M tan Pad>a A aa and t i l l 
I m I M R t alm a Bd 

U t I i l l l i O i 
APPLE PIE 

• E G 
M .4 o 

S P E C IA L .. 

PLAIN POWOtNtO. CINNAMON 
CAKE DONUTS^ 

*1 39 

7 9 c 

THESE STORES OPEN TIU 
MIDNIGHT 
MoHD4Y THRU S4TUooIY 

• B O M H U i ; i l C N • B H I MAMIX BA MA 
• I I N MLLCflfST 

PRICES QOOD THURSDAY. 
MARCH 3. THRU SATURDAY. 
MARCH 5. IN 
SAN ANTDNIO AND 
UNIVERSAL CITY. OPEN EVERYDAY 

SUHDAY HOURS 

SA N A N T O N IO EXPRESS— Thursday March 3 I 977 

Myadec 

High-potency vitamin formula with minerals 

PA***, 
>AV»S 

 l f 

 for active people- at work or play 

PARKE-DAVIS 

7,' v ' 98* 

"* lr*’. . .. 

: 
" ■ 
. 
. -I ‘ t 1 ^ 
■- v 

•OFFER EXPIRES APRIL 3o, 1977 
AVAILABLE AT FOLLOWING PHARMACIES! 

GWYN PHARMACY 

33o3 W est Avenue 

Tel: 344-23o5 

LAUREL HEIGHTS PHARMACY 

26o2 N. Main 

Tel: 736-3161 

BELL PHARMACY 

1o4 Babcock Rd. 

Tel: 734-53o3 

CHARLES PHARMACY 

25oo N. Main 

Tel: 733-7161 

CLARK-GILLILAND 
PHARMACY 
12o El Prado 
Tel: 824-7271 

OLMOS PHARMACY 

39o2 McCullough 

Tel: 822-3361 

WEDGEWOOD PROF. 
PHARMACY 
66o9 Blanco Road 
Tel: 341-14o4 

PARSON’S PHARMACY 

7227 Blanco Road 

Tel: 342-9446 

PILL BOX PHARMACY 

7715 Louis Pasteur Dr. 

Tel: 696-336o 

OAKDELI PHARMACY 

7342 Oak M anor 

Tel: 344-o133 

R em em ber When "Com ics” W ere "Funnies” ? 
THEY STILL ARE! 

In the Sunday Express-News 

Don’t let criticism bring 

By JE A N BA ER 
The assertive woman can evaluate criticism. Her ego is not destroyed by it. 
The unassertive woman can't cope with it. 
When your self-esteem is low anyway, ifs easy to interpret any critical comment as “ he/she is rejecting m e.” 
You evaluate any criticism you receive from others as further proof of your worthlessness. 
This attitude can produce severe con­ sequences. You may fear criticism to such an ex­ tent that you anticipate it and thus avoid parties, challenges, closeness, new friendships, a better job, or any situation where you might en­ counter it. 
In this way you limit your life and reduce your ego even more. Or you can set up what psy­ chologists term “ the self-fulfilling prophecy.” 
You're so sure you’re go­ ing to he criticized by otliers — for your voice, dress, certain behaviors 
— that you begin to aet in ways that w ill bring about the criticism. 
You make the decision, 
“ They’re right. I am that way.” And you become that way. 
JVI intakes 

What are some of the most common mistakes women — and men too — make about criticism? 
You fail to realize that every criticism doesn t mean something is wrong with you. In actuality, in many eases criticism can stem from respect, a genuine w ish to help you, and desire for (‘motional closeness. 
There are three kinds of criticism : Justified: justified hut said iii a hostile, inappropriate way; and the put-down. 
If you don't understand these gradations, you w ill never learn to handle criticism. 
When I completed my first book, 
“ Follow 
Me!.” I nervously band­ ed it in to my editor, a courtly 
British-born gentleman named Cecil 
Scott. Three weeks later he took me to lunch at 
I he Four Seasons, where 
I anxiously awaited his verdict. 
After I had made two 

 trips to the ladies' room and had had two Bloody 
Marys, Mr. Scott said, 
“ It s all wrong. You’ve written a series of la magazine articles. It’s not a book. What hap­ pened to all those anec­ dotes you told me about originally?” 
I said, “ They were about me. You don’t want me in the book.” 
Ile responded, “ That’s just what I do want. Per­ sonalize it. Take your time with stories. Let one go oil for five pages, an­ other for three. And get rid of all that alliteration and those 4 darling cute phrases.” 
Somehow I got through the lunch. Devastated. I felt like a complete failure. But that night I realized that this brilliant editor had paid me the compliment of criticism. 
So I rewrote the book. 
You set yourself up for criticism. You constantly ask questions like. “ Did I 
(lo that well?” . . . “ What do you really think of my work?" 
You set yourself up for a critical response and feel depressed when you 

 way” ), attack (“ What^ a idiot you are!” ), standing on your dignity 
(the icy glare and the queenly posture), agreement 
( “ Mea cul­ pa!” ). or door-slamming to be followed by seeth­ ing, sulking, and drawing up plans for ‘T il get hack at her/him/them” ? 
Coping with criticism 
1. Ask yourself, “ Have 
I really been criticized?” 
For example, a boss may say, “ You’ve done a fine job on this report. It will be perfect when you polish it up a little .” 
That's the simple truth — not a criticism. 
2. Consider the source of the criticism and the motives of the critic. The question, “ How’s your social life?” coming from a very popular single friend may well be a veiled put-down. 
The same question coming from a happily married friend may he the prelude to introduc­ ing you to a new man. 
Spite, sour grapes, jealousy, envy lie behind many criticisms. 

 you down 

Part V in series 
' 
A re you a woman or a mouse? 

 get it. I am a second wife. 
When I first got married, 
I used to constantly in­ quire. “ Am I a better cook than Doris?” . . . 
“ Don’t 
I work much harder than Doris?" . . . 
“ Do I have more charm than Doris?” 
I was terribly interest­ ed in Doris, whom, at the time. I d never seen, hut my husband was not. 
Finally, he got sn fed up with my constant inter­ rogations that he started answering. “ No, she’s a better cook"’ . . . “ She s got a lot of charm." 
Defciibive 

You’ve nev er learned to handle criticism and al­ ways become apologetic or defensive when you get it. 
How can you learn to react assertively and constructively to c ri­ ticism instead of with denial ( “ I did not do th at!"), defense ( “ I ve always done it that 

ST A U T STODAY 

F O K :t W A Y S O N L Y ! 

A X \ o O I T I O . V \ l . 

Use your Jay s Optional Account 

BonkAme/icord. MaslerChorge, or Shoppers Charge 

% 
OFF 
ALL SALE-PRICED 
MERCHANDISE 

For example: a regular $4o. dress now on sale for $19. will cost you $ 14.25. 

3. 
Make sure you understand exactly what has been said, instead of automatically looking for a blow to your ego. 
In one ease, a cousin, with whom I ’m very close, commented, “ Why do you write such junk?” about a scries I had done on “ The Other Woman 
Today.” Even though the words were harsh, I knew she didn t mean them quite that way. so I coun­ tered, “ What do you mean by that?" 
She answered. “ I want you to write* that serious hook about French his­ tory — the one you’ve wanted to write so much all these years. I think you could do a grout book.” 
In actuality, her words 
— hostile as they might have seemed — stemmed from lier pride in me. 
4. Try to make your critic be specific. What can you do bettor? W hy is it “ no good” ? Don’t ac­ cept cracks like, “ You have a father fixation!" 
Maybe you do, bul so what? What is your hus­ band really upset about? 
Find out. 
5. Don’t take criticism in the close relationship ut face value. For exam­ ple. you plan to take off oil a European tour bv yourself, and your child says. "You ’re a mean mother." 
What the child means 
| is that she will miss you. 
■ (). Ask yourself, “ Is this criticism fa m ilia r?” 
May In* you should accept 
I repeated criticism (of your lateness, untidiness. 

I etc.) as truth and do something about it. 
7. Learn the technique of handling put-downs or 
I justified criticisms that 
I are expressed in an inap­ propriate way. 
Remember, the world is 
| filled with people who criticize destruct iv cly 
I and woundingly just for 

 the feeling of superiority and power it gives them. 
They pick at others’ faults to elev ate their ow ii virtues. You don’t have to let them do it. You can assert yourself. Your re­ sponse has to fit your own style. Here are some suggestions to get you started. 
A put-down primer lf you feel put-down by the comment, you must answer. Forget the jus­ tification or truth of the comment. If you inter­ pret the rem ark as a crack against you. you have to make a reply. 
The reply should not have the aim of changing the other person. Your goal: to say something that will make you feel better about yourself. 
Take your time before you reply. A brief pause often enables you to think of an effective answer. 
Be prepared. Learn some stock phrases. 
Some women with dif­ ficulty in the put-down area can’t think of an on-the-spot response. 

Learn some sentences that you can call upon almost automatically — for example, “ What are you so angry about?" . . . 
“ Was that a put-down?" . 
. . “ How come you’re in such a bad mood today?” 
If you have a date with a particular friend who always puts you down, it helps to plan in advance. 
Figure out what crack he/she might make this time and how you might answer it. 
Do not use the words 
“ I", “ me,” or ‘‘because’ in the first sentence of your answer. Starting off 

 with any of these makes you sound defensive immediately. 

Break the above rule vv hen it comes to the close relationship. Answering a put-down from a hus­ band or child is different from responding to a salesperson or a co­ worker whom you know onlv superficially. 

With people to whom you arc close, your intent is to increase commun­ ication. not counterat­ tack. Lines like. " I really feel hurt by what you said.” or, "That remark really bothers me. Why did you say it?” work well. 

Even if you’ve spent a lifetime suffering from what the French call l’csprit dc l’escalier (the wit of the staircase, meaning you think of what you should have said on the staircase en route to bed), you can learn to handle putdow ns. 

The rules I ’ve given are for novices. 
As you achieve greater creativi­ ty in riposte, you can break them. As an exam­ ple. I offer the legendary quip of 
Sir 
Winston 
Churchill. 

After his capture in the 
Boer W ar, 
Churchill joined the South African 
Light Horse Division and grew a mustache. A friend of his mother’s told him she eared neither for his politics nor his mustache. 

Responded Churchill. 
"Madam . I can see no earthly reason why you should come into contact with cither.” 
Friday; The sexually assertive woman 

/ 
A 
OS Ca ^ C o d e 

REPEAT 
OF A 
SALE-OUT 
Hurry while they last! 

Camel or brown leather, stacked heel. inside 

INVESTMENT COURSE 

Hard to believe? — Come in and see for yourself! 

Conducted by FRANK TINNEY, President, R. I. Stewart & Co. Inc. 

Jefferson Village: Dresses, Pantsuits, Jumpsuits, Coats, Sleepwear, 
Sportswear, Bras. 

Wonderland: Sportswear, Bras, Coats, Sleepwear, Swimsuits. 

Jefferson Village 
1o21 Donaldson Ave. 
734-5o35 
Store Hours: IO A M. * 6 P.M, 

Wonderland at Rhodes Main Entrance 
736-615o 
Store Hours: Thurs. 1o:3o-9 
Fri./Sat. 1o:3o-6 

The course consists of 4 sessions. The first will include a frank discussion of today's economy, prices, interest rates and the current investment outlook. 

 later sessions will include taxable and tax-exempt bonds, tax-deferred annuities, stocks, funds, and a special discus­ sion on how to make an investment plan to fit your own personal situation. 

Content will be simple, candid and without sales solici­ tation. Each class will include time for questions. The price is a $5 donation (per family) to any charity. 

WHEN! 
WHERE: 

7:3o P.M. on 

Thursday, M arch 3 
Tuesday, M arch 8 
Thursday, M arch IO 
Tuesday, M arch I 3 

. SU O Broadway, 2 blocks 

North of tho Broadway Thoatro 

RESERVATIONS 
ARI NECESSARY 

Please tall 
MISS UNDY 
828-1221 

 r n >kM« tex Wets. 
R.L. STEWART & CO., INC. 

S14o Broadway 
Vee Antonio, It sos 782o9 

This is time to plant seed 

SA N A N TO N IO EXPRESS— Thursdoy March 3 I 977 

KATHY IN SUE BRETT FASHION 
... with Plymouth Henry, Pam Severance of St. Anthony 
J I 
Fashions for stars 

“Sue Brett's contemporary fashions vitH be modeled all day Saturday in the 
Spectator Shop at Frost's North Star mn. 
A special salute to the St. Anthony 
Reservations (ST A R ) Secretaries will be paid at 2:3(1 p.m. Rum Severance, head of the association, will be on hand to explain membership in this group to ans one interested in joining. 
ST A R Secretaries keep the wheels of business going sm oothly for their 
"bosses.” The St. Anthony Hotel has instituted a program for them which includes two luncheons a year. Frost s fashion shows, prizes and awards and benefits in trips. 

It is the S T A R S who handle hotel and travel reservations, sightseeing and entertainment plans for V II* visitors. 
Chuck Harris. Sue Brett envoy from 
New York, will be on hand to present the fashion collection. The contem­ porary denims group is made up or fashions suitable for the office, college, and city and country activities. 

The denim group features shirt dresses, split skirts, and jum psuits with tunnel waists. Colors of white, neutral tans, wheat and ecru are im ­ portant along with vivid pastels. 
Sundresses are also included, de­ signed for country fun or dancing. 

The first weekend in March is usually w hen I decide whether to start my outdoor garden from seeds or transplants. 
If my work didn t interfere. I would always start from seeds. 
Fo r one thing, the only way to be sure that transplants of the varieties I want will be available is to make ar­ rangements several months in advance with a local nursery. 
In fact, it may be possible for you to order special varieties and then turn the seeds over to a professional for growing on; nice, if you can afford it. 
However, starting your own seeds is not only a way to save money and grow rare flowers and gourmet vegetables, but there's nothing like the satisfaction of watching your garden grow from scratch. 
Actually, one of the satisfactions of turning 4o. which I did last week, is hav ing three teen-aged children, all of whom like to grow plants from seed. 
So, this year we’ve decided they can start all the seeds we ordered, no matter how busy I am. 

F r o s t -1 re c 
In our area, .frost-free w eather usually arrives around M others Day, so we ll plant any seeds that need to be started indoors by the middle of March in order to allow them the eight to ten weeks of growing time needed. 
You can adjust timing, depending on your local frost-free date 
There are lots of ways to start seeds indoors, but here's the easy procedure I follow: 
1. Fill pots, seedflats or large tin cans (with drainage holes punched iii the bottom) with packaged, all-pour- pose potting soil which has been ster­ ilized; level and firm one inch from the top of the container. 
2. Add a half-inch layer of a sterile p lan tin g m edium such as m illed 
(screened) sphagnum moss or vermiculite. 
3. Sow seeds. How deep to cov er them is the main puzzler, but the rule of thumb is: Cover seeds with a sterile planting medium to the depth of their own thickness. 
If the seed is dustlike, sim ply scatter it over the surface and press lightly. 
4. Set the container i i i a tray of water and leave to soak until moisture shows on the surface: remove, allow to drain. 
5. Enclose the planting, container and all. in a transparent plastic bag. 
Place where temperatures range 

L> 
Coming 
Sunday 

IF T '. r 

■ '■ S r ll hat TI is doing lo your child 

In tin* E x press-IN cw s 

OUR BUYERS COMBED THE 
BRAZILIAN MARKET FOR 
THESE SENSATIONAL 
ALL-LEATHER SANDALS 

THURS., FRI., SAT. ONLY! 

431o HL I Diboll h 
HiNtetl I ftobttKk 
• lf?} N m NUiilery Hwy. 
• IIH Hot* Nom 

 e l l N u n l a i t * ! I 

Plants in the 
Home 

By 

 e l v in M c d o n a l d 

S s^ . 

 between 65-75F, in a bright, natural light or in a flouorescent-light garden. 
6. Watch for signs of green; some seedlings appear in three or four days, others m ay require several weeks. 
When you see green, begin to remove the plastic, at first for a few hours daily, gradually increasing the time until no cover is needed. 
The idea is never to let the growing medium dry out, either before or after the seeds sprout. However, once the seedlings are up. some fresh air w ill he needed so that they will be strong. 
D irect sun 

7. As soon as seeds sprout, they’ll need some direct sun, or a place about four inches below the tubes in a fluor­ escent-light garden. (Bi* sure that no hot sun shines directly on seedlings covered with plastic.) 
8. As the seedlings grow, you can tell by appearance if they need more light 
(pale and spindly) or less (stunned and yellow ish green). If the seed lings crowd together, use tweezers to pull out enough to allow a little air circulation between them. 
9. By the time the seedlings are large enough to handle, transplant them, either an inch or two apart in large pots or flats, or to in d iv id u a l two- or three-ineh pots. 

Kl. When you are fairly certain there will be no more killing frost, begin to take your seedlings outdoors. At first. place them on a porch, under shrubs, or in some other spot protected from hot sun and strung winds all day. 

After a few days, the house-pam ­ pered seed bugs will have hardened enough to the outside air (or you to transplant them directly to the garden. 

SAVE NOW! FAMOUS LABEL 
■ 
EASTER FASHIONS 
JUST RECEIVED N EW SHIPMENT! 

MISSES & JR. 
• DRESSES 
(SUN DRESSES 
INCLUDED) 
• PANTSUITS 

UP 
6o 
% OFF 
ORIG. 
RIT All 
PRICE 

MISSES & JR. 
> JUMPSUITS 

SAVE LOTS OF 
$$$ 
NOW! 

JUST UNPACKED! 
MISSES & JR. 
SPORTSWEAR 

• PANTS •JACKETS 

• SKIRTS •BLOUSES 

• SWIMSUITS 
SAVE 
UP 
TO6o 
% OFF 
ORIG. retail! 
PRICES 

HUNDREDS OF VERY FAMOUS LABEL 
SAVE LOTS OF 
T-TOPS & JEANS 
$ $ $ 
M ISSES & JR. SIZES 
N O W ! 

OPEN THURS. 'Til 8 P.M. FOR YOUR SHOPPING PLEASURE 

(jo o k itk 

4 4 7 W. HILDEBRAND 
7 3 3 - 9 o 4 1 
O P E N M O N . A TH U RS. 
TILL 8 o o P M 
D A ILY A SAT. TILL 6 P M 

The Texas Medical Weight Control Center 

 is n o w in tr o d u c in g th e n e w 

 i H l 
TREATMENT 

 a n d to tal p r o g r a m fo r w e ig h t lo s s . 

Yes, this is the program you've read about in national magazines and a best selling book. Not a 
“diet'' but a total concept origi nated at Harvard Medical School. 

Protein sparing modified fast • 

No H.C.G. Injections 
Continuous medical monitoring by Texas licensed Doctors and 
Nurses 
ENROLLMENT WILL BE LIMITED 

Applications processed in order received, lf you are 15 or more pounds overweight, C A L L NOW FO R M O R E IN F O R M A T IO N . 

Tout M»d« ,i An,bt Cunt,ol Cen lr 
I n . Wrote*) Arnett Coon*! Groin 
S4Jo f trOntclitbrtt) .JOI 
II M N I loo* IID >743 
Son Annotto Tri,. H ?}9 
® 
Son Antonio Tri*, U ZZI 
349-o1o8 
828-6481 

FLRM ITLRE CO.I 
Save $83.-$156. 

 on selected desks for home or office. 

 ir n # * 

 l l 
V 

I j § 
^ 
WW.§ 

Whether you're planning a seated dinner or settling a major deal, we have a just right desk for your study or office. 
Here, we show a variety of styles, all at savings. 
3 

Riverside roll top desk. 
Was $78o. l624 

Save $156. 

ART REPRESENTATION 
ONLY 

N O SPEC. ORDERS 

AlL ITEMS SUBJECT TO 
PRIOR SALE 

NfcW A C C O U N T S IN V IT I O I hjkUllm eiit Plan, - E itgu d w i Cr wilt 
National Credit Cat rf* D unn» Club 
C an a Blanch*. Mailer Chary#, 
Bank Amar I c a r d , American f «|>i|vt 

A* C 
.X , I 

Drexel w riting desk 

 i 
W o» $549. 

1 *466. 
Save $83. 

Shah kneehole desk 
Was $ 6 5 5 . 

I} 
5 1 9 
Ii 
W S I 36. 

Shqh semi pedestal desk, 
Was $ 729 . 

NORTHSIDE • Rector St. opposite M Star Mall • Open Mon. & Thurs. till 9 Phone 342 9411 

S A N A N T O N IO EXPRESS— Thursday March 3 I 977 

, 
, - » - a - n - n - n 
- n r »a-« . M n.SaSa2flSflgflga^Sgfl?flSflSfla2ftSflU 2flaSSSflSflS5gflSflSfla252S25Sfl25^eSa2gSfcfi i fiifi C. c iiii ■ ■.^ ^ ^ g ^ C ^ g Sfeg til* * * tTi' i m ♦♦«♦♦♦♦ c ♦♦♦♦♦♦♦»♦«♦♦♦♦» f ♦ f ♦♦♦ ♦ i m ♦»»*♦*♦*♦**♦*♦♦** a — 
;oooo^s^— 
_ ,---- --------- 
;<*Xc 
!1s|l cio ego e g o ogo e g o 
C ie e g o ogo g o S 
o * Vrf eg o ego ego e g o ego e g o ego ego ogo ego e g o g o 5 
>§ lo 

■o°ti 
•o°c 
Jog°oc 
Ic O o cl 
|cgcy oi( fofcl 
■go® 
.c°c( 

Bp* 
Js^ 

I. c S ti 
KOI 
Super 
Foods 
DISCOUNT CENTER 
• 1731 S. W .W . WHITE RO AD 
• 3 o 4 6 E. COMMERCE 

OPEN 24 HOURS A DAY 
7 DAYS A WEEK 
1731 S. W. W . WHITE ROAD ONLY 
3o46 E. COMMERCE 8 A.M . TO 1o P.M. 
FOR YOUR CONVENIENCE 

W E RESERVE THE RIGHT TO LIMIT QUANTITIES 
SPECIALS GOOD THRU MARCH 9 
— W E W ELCO M E FOOD STAM PS 
...................... f t ............... ... 

 ego ogcl gsgl ego ego! 
CICI eggl cg cl eg cl m\ cg cl gel 
HH r n 
C g cl e g c I cg cl c g cl 

DEL MONTE 
DEL MONTE 
CATSUPl SPINACH 

$ ■ 
o o 
14 OZ. 

BOTTLES 

FARM FRESH GOLDEN 
■ 
LEAN & MEATY 
FRYERS I SPARE 
RIBS 
POUND 
43‘ 

POUND 

U.S.D.A. GO OD rn a a a 
SUPER SELECT j i b a 
> 
CHUCK ROAST 
_ 
6 9 
HOG HEADS 
™ .2 9 

SUPER SELECT 

POUND 
POUND 

GOLDEN FARM FRESH 
J 
| | a 
BEEF MEATY BBQ SPECIAL mm a a a 
BUCKET OF CHICKEN 
4 3 ’ SHORT RIBS 
5 9 

BEEF MEATY BBQ SPECIAL 

POUND 

U.S.D.A. GO OD rn mm ^ 
U.S.D.A. BEEF SHOULDER 
CHUCK STEAK 
,* .6 9 
ROUND ROAST 
8 9 
< 
U.S.D.A. BEEF SHOULDER 

FARMLAND . 
PICNIC H A M 
3 L B C AN 

SUPER S MEI BOLOGNA, BOLOGNA, SALAMI OR 
SPICED LUNCHEON J . ™ 

* K o a * a n » Z E 
CERVOLAT 
.... POUND I 

$ o 9 8 
I w 
89* 

$ 1 o 9 
I 

$ J 49 
COUNTRY SMOKEHOUSE PORK OR BEEF 
SA U SA G E................. pound 

SLICED rn 
BACON E N D S 
“ pound4 9 

SUPIK SELECT 
M t \ i 
SALT JO W L S ....... ... POUND4 
# 

SUPER SELECT 
A 
PIG FEET....................pound4 V 

BLANCO MENUDo 
O f t * 
BEEF TRIPE......... .... POUND A 9 

’ UKK EY 
A 
Q 
, 
DRUM STICKS ... POUND3 # 
FARM FRESH 
TURKEY WINGS . .. . PoUNDW # 

SUPER LEAN 
CHIU M EAT......... .... POUND 
U.S.D.A, GOOD 
SWISS STEAK ..... ... P O U N D # # 

FRY OR GRILL 
I I 7 o 
BEEF CUBE STEAK . . . POUND 
I 
EXTRA LEAN 
* ■ a a 
STEW M E A T ........ ... POUND I 
PATH'S 

PORK SAUSAGE 
"S79* 

99 

PATH’S 
BREAKFAST LIN K S .. 

LEAN 
GROUND BEEF........ 

SUPER S MARKET CUT 
LONGHORN CHEESE 

KRAFT DELUXE SLICED 
PIMENTO CHEESE ... 

KRAFT DELUXE SLICED 
AMERICAN CHEESE 

BOZ. 
PKG. 

POUND 

LB. 

BOZ. 
PKG. 

BOZ. 
. PKG. 

67* 

9 9 < 

$ ] 6 9 
85* 
85* 

POUND 

SARGENTO SUCED 

AMERICAN SINGLES ’ no I ’ 9 

MONTERRY 

MEANS 

LOW PRICES 

$ 1 o 9 
3 LB. CTN. 

25 LB. BAG 

Vt FLAT CAN 

I 

$ 2 ” 
99* 

ROIGELEIN 
L A R D ...................... 
PIONEER 
F L O U R .................. 
HONEY BO X 
S A L M O N ............. 
J B J NEW BO RN 
<17Q 
D IA P E R S ....................... 24 cr. 
I 
LIQUID SWEETHEART 
D E T E R G E N T ..............22 oz in 3 9 
STARLITE 
B L E A C H ......................................vs o * e 3 9 
GEBHARDT 
. 
. 
. 
CHILI P O W D E R ioz .n .5 9 
NESTLES— HOT 
. 
. 
. 
C O C O A M I X ... 12 ENVELOPES 9 9 
W ONDER 
A 
A < 
RICE............................ 2B OZ. BOX 3 9 
C H A M B R A Y QUEEN 
117o 
F L O U R ...................... 25 LB. BAG I 
RC OR NEMI 
A 
A i 
S O D A W A T E R hoi'bel99. 
SUPER S SANDW ICH a 
/ 
BREAD............ rn iB.ioAfX I O / 

FIELD TRAIL 
I T 9 9 
D O G F O O D 
.... SO LB. BAG # 

SUNSHINE SALTINES 
M f \ € 
CRACKERS...............1*1ox49 

STARLIT! 
O O t 
S U G A R ................... si* u o o 9 

TINDER PLUE 
O Q < 
RICE................................................1 it. mo w 

Dollar Power 

4/$l 

3/M 

DEL MONTE-WHOLE KERNEL 
CORN............. 3o3 CAN 
DEL MONTE - CUT 

GREEN BEANS .. 3o3 CAN ■ I I 
DEL MONTE EARLY GARDEN 
PEAS............ 2o, 
CAN rjgii DEL MONTE 
1H!k CATSUP 
,4oz.,e3/$1 
DEL MONTE 
SPINACH . joican 5/$ I 
DEL MONTE 

TOMATO SAUCE 
‘can 6 
/ $ I 
ROSAR.TA 
4J / S I 
REFRIED BEANS...... .. 16 OZ. CAN W / 
EVAPORATED 
O 
M 
I 
PET M IL K ...................tau un O r I 
SWIFT 
O / J I 
VIENNA SAUSAGE ... *oz can J / I 
FRANCO AMERICAN i i / t i 
SPAGHETTI 
I* oz can 4/ I 
KOZY KITTEN ii / t i 
CAT FO O D .................it oz. can 4/ I 
SWIFT 
I" / J I 
POTTED M E A T ....... ... 3 OZ. CAN J / 
FRISKIES 
IT / J I 
DOG FO O D 
...soz.can J / 
I 
DOUBLE LUCK -CUT 
C 
M 
I 
GREEN B E A N S ... 16 OZ. CAN J / 
VAN CAMPS WHITE 
£ / S I 
H O M IN Y ....................u oz can 3/ I 
Q U 
^VERMICELLI 

(-Dairyland - 

 r 
SATIN WHIP SOFT 
MARGARINE 
• oZTU.4/M 

BALLARD 
BISCUITS 
7 / $ I 
8 OZ. TURF 
/ 
■ 

FOREMOST 
ORANGE JUICE 
99* 
....... Vt GAL. 
# # 

FOREMOST 
COTTAGE CHEESE 
,.,6 9 ’ 

FOREMOST 
BUTTERMILK 
_ 7 9 ’ 

IMPERIAL 
.MARGARINE 
4 9 ' 
. . . . LB. ©TRS. ■ # 

7 
/ * 1 
»m / 
I 

-Frozen Foods 

PET RITZ 
CLOBBERS...........,.,,99* 
CUPPER 
FISH STICKS 
*oz3/s l 
BANQUET 
POT PIES...........*oz4/M 

LYNDEN FARMS CRINKLE CUT rn rn. 
POTATOES...........,.4 9 

BRIGHT A EARLY 
_ 
. . . 
BREAKFAST DRINK 4o*5/’ I 

JACK CHEESE.............. n o 99* 

U.S.D.A. GOOD BOMI!SS 

CLUB STEAK........ ,...POUND 
I 

SLICED 

PICNIC H A M 
... POUND # 9 
PRODUCE 

F A R M FRESH 

RID DELICIOUS 

U.S. N u. I RUSSET 
POTATOES 

$ 1 6 9 
1 5 
LB. 
BAG 
GREEN 
ONIONS 

TASTY 
BUNCH 
1 o 

VALENCIA NEW CROP 
ORANGES ,.»,89* 

WITH TOPS 
TURNIPS 
.. BUNCH 29* 

SUPER SELECT 
CARROTS 
»»«29* 

CELLO BAG 
LEMONS .... 12 LIMON} 69* 

,v ?■ 
X' > ■■ '■■■■ * / /S' ■ 
"< 
► V 
■■■J*. /.;»/ 
- 
* 
',‘f / ' 
• -< 
$ ****# " J r 

% ' 
*• h - 
• / T - 
4 
- S 
/ 
/ 

/ / 
*' 
V 
• 
* 
*» 
' 
**.* r 
'•■" '1>- ■' 

LIKE ALL GOOD COOKS 
... Sophia only uses the best 
T/ie in Italy 

“ I love to sing and dance, play cards and gamble at poker! Life has never been better!” 
In fact, like a rare vin­ tage wine, she seems to improve with age and to truly enjoy her new maturity. 
Her successes art5 many but, she claims, she’s far more given to acting because of her need for self-expression than because of fame and praise. 
“ The w orld makes stars. I make film s and the best spaghetti in 
Italy!” 

 c h o t t s c o a k u m 

Sophia's recipe com­ pendium. “ Cooking With 
Love.” is still popular with with her fans. 
“ Spaghetti is still one of my favorite dishes. 
Please be sure and tell your readers to cook it always a1 dente!” she said, laughing. 
Recipes for easy and delicious dishes from So­ phia Loren follow: 
Sophia Loren s 
Chicken on the Spit 
(Serves 3 to 41 
I roasting chicken, cleaned, dressed, weigh­ ing 3 1/2 to 4 lbs. 
Olive oil 
1 
1/2-pound slice of ham 
2 or 3 leaves of sage or 
1/2 teaspoon ground sage 
Pinch of fennel seed 
Salt, pepper to taste 
I large clove garlic, peeled, minced 
8 or 7 tissue-thin slices of prosciutto 
(Italian ham) 
Wash, dry chicken car­ efully. 
Brush lavishly withOlive oil and let rest several hours. 
Mince ham, mix with 

 sage, fennel seed, salt and pepper. Stuff bird; close both neck and back openings with skewers or by sewing with thread. 
Rub outside of bird all over with garlic, then drape bird com pletely with prosciutto. Tie bird up w ith s trin g like a package, and position on a spit. 
Roast slowly, if possi­ ble, over a low wood fire, which is the best of all. 
AFTERTHOUGHTS: If desired, b ird can be roasted indoors on bar­ beque spit. The flavor is sensational and the bird succulent! 
Spaghetti with 
Artichoke Sauce 
(Serves 6) 
8 large artichokes 
Water 
1 large lemon 
About 1/2 cup fine- grade olive oil 
2 or 3 cloves garlic, peeled, crushed. 
Large handful chopped parsley l !v pounds spaghetti, cooked a1 dente 
Clean artichokes car­ e fu lly , rem ove outer leaves and woody part of the stem. Remove prickly ends, cut artichokes into quarters. 
Dice part remaining on the stem. 
Put all the pieces into a bowl of water into which you have squeezed the juice of one lemon. Soak artichokes in water about 
2o minutes. 
Meanwhile, pour olive oil into skillet Add garlic and parsley. Heat the 
(tan. add artichokes, very well drained. Let cook about 4o minutes over low heat u n til m ixture becomes thickish sauce. 
Pour over hot cooked spaghetti Delicious! 
AFTERTHOUGHTS: 
Sophia’s dish is some times served with fresh- ly grated 
Parmesan cheese but Sophia says, 
“ It isn’t even necessary to use grated cheese!” 
Cake show set at Central Park 

Central Park Mall and F rosting C rea­ tors will sponsor a cake show 
March 
1o-12 in the mall. 
Housewives, business men and women, hob­ byists and professionals w ill be showing th e ir skills during this second-annual event which is open to the pub­ lic for viewing and vot­ ing. 
Dem onstrations w ill include gum paste flowers, marzipan mold- 

Sophia cooks with love 

 ing. figure piping and creativity with chocolate. 
F ilm s on the W ilton method of cake decorat- ing’witl Im- shown. 
Contest judging w ill begut at ll a.m. Thurs* da> 
M arch IO 
Cate­ gories include holiday. 
Faster, novelty, wedding and anniversary aud special techniques. 
Prizes 
— including equipment, books aud g ift ce rtifica te s— have been donated by Central 
Park M all and stores such us Maid of Scandia- av la. 

Read Ann Landers 

On Life 

 and Love 

 in the Son Antonio Express 

By JOHNA BLINN 

BEVERLY HILLS - “ When I was a child I was so thin and ugly, kids scribbled ‘stecchetto’ 
(little stick) on the door of my grandmother’s house,” said ac­ tress Sophia Loren. 

Looking at the w orld-fam ous 
Neapolitan beauty today, it’s hard to imagine she was ever either scrawny or ugly! 
However, like many people who sur­ vived the war, she’s known the pangs of hunger. 
“ Back then, we were glad to have black bread and soup — although it 

 was nothing like the wonderful mines­ trone soup I fix today,” she said with a laugh, gold-green eyes flashing. 
The years have been kind to Sophia. 
She was here for the Golden Globe 
Awards; she’s still top favorite actress with the foreign press. Sophia loves to cook for her friends. Her menus are often inspired by her geographical surroundings and her guests. 

“ lf I were entertaining in Rome, I d serve my Roman specialty penile all' arrabbiata (macaroni cut on the bias, served w ith a delicious and fie ry tomato sauce laden with chile peppers) or caricofi alia guida (deep-fried arti­ chokes) or a flavored ricotta. 
“ In my forest farm near the Po, I often prepare roast pheasant from the 

 hunting reserve or a delicious dish of river eel. 
“ I like to choose something that is not only a pleasure for guests but does honor to the local cuisine. All it lakes is a little thought and a lot of love! 
“ My grandmother, Luisa, taught me to cook. She was a second mother to me. 
“ We were poor, but she taught me that the most indispensable ingredient of all good home cooking is love for those you are cooking fo r!” 
Like all good cooks, she insists upon using only the best of ingredients, and fresh ones at that. “ Why is there so much frozen meat?” she sighed, 
Sophia seems at last to have found complete fulfillment since her happy marriage to producer Carlo Ponti and 

San Antonio Cypress fari&famiy 
TI____ I__ AA___ L. O I O TT D___ 
I P>/ 
VThursday March 3 I 9 7 7 Page 
I -D 
A 

 the birth of their two sons. 
“ My whole life and all stages of my career have been marked by my urgent need for protection and security. I have had to fight hard, particularly in my private life, but each time I’ve won! 
Food is for me a symbol of security, just as the roof that shelters me.” 
Sophia is still vitally interested in her career, but she seems even more con­ cerned about the education and up­ bringing of her boys. 
“ I’m truly a Neapolitan housewife at heart. I think every woman should have a husband to love and babies to hold and a fine dinner to cook.” 

EVERYTHING TO BUILD ANYTHING AT A-E 

 m m 

CLEAR 
WALL SHIELDS 
2/ 1.oo 

Clear for single or double pole. 
Easy Installation. 
Prevents smudging and finger prints staining. 

CEILING 
RECEPTICAL 
1.oo 

Ceiling receptacle in white porcelain. Keyless. 
Quick and easy wiring. 
Buy now. 
#62248 

HANDY 
BOX 
2/ 1.oo 

Rectangular utility box. - 
1 7/8" deep with conduit knock outs. Buy now for those electrical wiring lobs. 

SPECTRACIDE 
PEST CONTROL 
5.oo 
A formula for home use by one of the leaders in pest control chemistry. 
1/2 gallon. 

SWING PLATE 
LOCK 
3/ 1.oo 

For extra protection. Even if someone jimmies your regular lock, door cannot be opened Limited stock I 

 i 

A l a m o E n t e r p r i s e s 

YELLOW PINE 

2x4-92 5/8 
Stud Grade 
7/ 8.oo 

2x4 - 8 Foot #3 

1x4-8 Ft #2 
1x4-1o Ft #2 

1x6-1o Ft #2 
1x6-12 Ft #2 

2x8-8Ft #2 

SPRUCE 
2x4-8 Ft 
Stud Grade 
5/ 7.oo 

4/ 3.oo 

5/ 3.oo 
4/ 3.oo 

5/ 7.oo 
3/ 5.oo 

3/ 5.oo 

 t I 

Ii 

INDOOR-OUTDOOR 
LAWN-LEA F-TRASH 
BAGS 

I 

In a popular bright new one-at-a-time packaging dispenser 
Twist ties are enclosed in each package Flat bags tor extra strength Available in 26 gallon, 33 gallon and a 6 bushel lawn & leaf. Your choice. 

WHITE 
WATER 
CLOSET 
28.oo 

A good price for this quality toilet 
Comes in white 
B grade 
With double trap action. Less seat. 

GLASS 
BATH TUB 
ENCLOSURE 
38.oo 

Sliding glass door is formed from tempered safety glass (plain or swan design) 
Aluminum frames and channels are virtually mamtance free Complete with towel bar 

“ Sr” 

 v \ 
V? 

Galvanized 
MAIL 
BOX 
3.oo 

Galvanized rural mail 
-box. Pos! is not included 
Meets Federal Specifica­ tions 

MESURLOK 
12* TAPE 

5 .o o 

Exclusive shock absorber protects end hook from damage when returning blade to case 155 

PUTTY 
KNIFE 
2/ 1.oo 

Two inch blade, red plastic handle, buy now and save al 
Alamo 
Enterprises #47o1 

4 INCH 
WALL BRUSH 
6.oo 

Ideal for both latex and oil base paints 
1oo% 
Dupont polyester 
A professional paint brush 

AlAmOIeNtERPrIsES 

NOM INSIDE 
4M 1 Wee! A m 
344-o147 

NORTHEAST tin Eisenhower 
•AS 3 I JO 

SOUTHSIDE 
•ZUO S Flore* 
•24-MS I 

EASTSIDE 
♦4S4 Rigsby Am 

AAS-SACK) 

WESTSIDE 
O J O * Com m ere. 
434/2*3 

WL 

 im 

DUCT 
TAPE 
1.oo 
Use to seal air ducts, windows, or doors to prevent loss of heated or cooled air. 11/*” x 1o yds 

1 GALLON 
GAS CAN 
*4.oo 
One gallon gas can. 
Seamless ga'vamzed 
- steel with vented cap. 
Model 5o1. 

 i 

ROCKWELL 
3/8” SNGLE SPEED r J . ■ ■ 
I 
— 
DRILL 
I ] Es I# j —^ 
1o.oo 
I 

I 3/8" single speed drill Large capacity Double 
I insulated to protect the user Bail thrust bearing i 
I construction. Double reduction gears 
3-|aw 
I geared chuck UL listed Includes chuck key and 
I holder. #41oo Limited Quamties. 

TURBINE 
VENT 
•WITH JACK 
19.oo 

Keeps attic cool during summer months. Com­ plete with jack. Wind- braced 

4x8 FOOT 
WALL 
PANELS 
7.oo 

Nothing modernizes or freshens a room's interior quite like attractive wall panels 
COPPERHILL HICKORY 

NEWBURG BIRCH 

I (Put! 

•’. * 3 

6 FOOT 
WOODEN 
Stepladder 
1o.oo 

The pros still prefer wooden stepiadders-es- peciaily tor electrical work Buy now and save at A E 

QUAKER 
LATEX 
WALL PAINT 

5 ■ OO 

An economical latex base wan paint that otters good coverage and high hiding power at a low price White only Gal 

QunkER w LATEX 

111 

 rfr 
OPEN 7 '% • 
^ DAYS A WEEK > 
^ 
• WEEKDAYS 8 to 6 
C 
• SATURDAY 8 to S 
> 
• SUNDAY IO to 5 
W W n i Item * Pmtmmmd • ? l a . 

USE MASTERCHARGE OR BANKAMERICARD AT A-E 

You Can Win I |> t„ #5,ooo iii CASH.O.KAMA 

 in the San Antonio News 

(v IL, 

Even bigger savings on the 2-lb.or3-lb.size! 
(Cut out coupon with heavy broken line) 

Big savings onthel-lb.size! 

(Cut out coupon with light broken line) 

S A N A N T O N IO EXPRESS— Thursday March 3 1977 

A new idea that’s IOO years old! 

Introducing the thickest Pizza ever from Jeno’s. New Thick Crust. 
A delicate bread-like crust so tender and light. Smothered with savory morsels of sausage, joepperoni, sweet peppers, olives and zesty cheese. A meal in itself and so tender you can't resist. Clip the coupon and try new Thick Crust 
Pizza from Jeno’s. It’s quick and thick! 

I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 

L 

 solos THICK 
CRUST PIZZA 

Mr 
O 'OC* 
J*n oi Inc wilt >HM<r int* coupon tot ii* loco ro<uo (Mu* two conto I * h**H j«>n# p ro ,(O O O y o u o n e! ti* 
O O O 'O ' comply min t*<m» tinfoil (toto* fo>m* 
Tim* c o u p o n 9 o o a only «n*n #*. 

J • O '” o d N d m o c u o t o m * lo» m o tp o o f c o O p 'u O u c i 
O ' o c * im o u M fro i " OC • ' o d t o v t* 'wo'to* on t*o uO»l 'O' pu«C'>«MM *u< f<>oni lo c o , * coupon* 
>*ooo*o4 
Coupon *oy n * po o***n*4 OI !•*>» 
••" O U * '4 I* *o*4 o n * * * 
o o 4 )14o(1 1o * o 4 
• 
IOO by 1 * o * 4 'O P'o 4 UC Od O 'lnuul 
o il * ) c o r t* * 4 O' J * >u , inc 
C **> ,* u O 
1 4 o * 
( * o o 4 
“ 
U S * o n ly 
A u ,, * * * * to * 
* ' m* ,p * .*.*4 p'Oduul mu* b t p*4 6, 

'''O rt IO J* » o * *»H 
P O H o * 
Mum VMO* 
W Po k% of o 

 z o 
CL 
D o o 

LU 
OC o 
H 

Consommes for fine dining 

By CRAIG CLAIBORNE 
NEW YORK TIMES N EW S SERVICE 

NEW YORK - No section of the A m er­ ican home has in the last two decades un­ dergone a tra n sfo r­ mation on as vast a scale as the home kitchen. 
Bit present-day A m e r ­ ican cooks, for all th eir involvement in exotic and at ti m es esoteric ('cok­ ery. ignore, by and l a r g e , one of th e g r e a t v basic ele m ents of fine dining. 
T h a t e l e m e n t is c o n ­ s o m m e . that h o n o ra b le , indispensable foundation of great dinner s since the dawn of the sophisticated kitchen in F rance. 
A fin e, w e l l - t e n d e d . rich and a m b e r - c o l o r e d c o n s o m m e c a n be c o m ­ pare d to a r a r e v in ta g e wine in its elegance and breeding. 
T h e i m p o r t a n c e of a c o n s o m m e for g r e a t 

Craig 
San Antonians say goodbye to 
Claiborne a n d bis a s ­ sociate Pierre Franey a ho came to San Antonio to demonstrate some o f their fine French -cook­ ing. While here, they ce eaten 
Mexican food almost non stop, judged a chili contest and been m a d e a lca ld es of the city. t hey ce even said they re com­ ing back on a pleassure trip! 

 leasts is obvious. 
It offers a clean, clear, hot, appetite-wbetting in­ t r o d u c t i o n to a m e a l , particularly one that will include rich foods laced w ith c r e a m — be t h e y m a i n c o u r s e s , a c c o m ­ panim ents or dess erts 
And th e k in d s of c o n ­ s o m m e s a r e a l m o s t without n u m b e r . N ea rly 
‘JOO c o n so m m e s with dif­ ferent g arnishes are list­ ed a m o n g th e c o n ­ 

 s o m m e s f l a i r s til Louis 
S a u l n i e r ’s “ Lo R e p e r ­ t o i r e d e la 
C u i s i n e ” 
( B a r r o n ’s E d u c a t i o n a l 
Series. 197o). 
T h e c o n s o m m e s th e r e range from a c o n so m m e ailerons (a chicken co n­ s o m m e g a r n i s h e d with b o n e d , s t u ffe d , b r a i s e d c h i c k e n w i n g s ) to c o n ­ s o m m e 
Win dsor 
(c on­ s o m m e with ca lv e s foot and flavored with tu rtl e h e r b s , g a r n i s h e d w ith 

 j u l i e n n e of c a l v e s foot- a n d - c h i c k e n q u e n e l l e s with chopped yolk of egg). 
As w ith m a n y d i s h n a m e s in th e F r e n c h repertory', th e r e ’s a goo-' deal of ro m a n ce and hi. tory in the h a m e s of the various consommes. . 
C a rm e n has the flavor of Spain in the form of tomatoes and a touch of finely s h r e d d e d chilies. 
C o n s o m m e c h a s s e u r o r h u n t e r - s t y l e is, b u t of course. a g a m e consomme. 
A n d t h e n t h e r e a r e those with st an d ard cla s­ sic garnishes: Doria with c u c u m b e r s ; D u B a r r y with cauliflower an d 
Creey with carrot. 
Madrid 

P e r h a p s t h e b e s t ­ known c o n so m m e (chief­ ly. no doubt, because it is available in can s) is con­ so m m e madrile ne. which is to say “ in the style of 
M ad rid .’’ 
C o n so m m e s a r e a bit tedious to m a k e , hut 
QUICK 
TUCK 

 they .can be, and m o re often‘than not are, m a d e iii large quantities. Con­ so m m e s freeze well. An a s s o r t m e n t of c o n ­ so m m e s for fine din in g a re listed her*1. 

Chicken 
Consomme 

6 pounds m eaty ch ic k ­ en bones (n eck s backs, wings and so on) 
I chicken (3 lb s .) 
J',, c u p s c o a r s e l y chopped celery 
I 1 2 c u p s c o a r s e l y chopped c arr ots 
I bay leaf 
I 1 2 c u p s c o a r s e l y chopped leeks 
I cup coarsely chopped parsley st e m s 

1 * 2 c u p s c o a r s e l y chopped onions 
I sprig fresh th y m e or 
I teaspoon dried 
14 pep perco rns, crushed 
J whole allspice 
J whole cloves 
6 q u a rts 
(J4 cups) water 
Salt to taste 
I large unpeeled onion ti egg whites ti crushed egg shells. 

P l a c e 4>2 p o u n d s of c h ic k en b o n e s a n d tin* chicken in a large kettle and add wate r to cover. 
B r in g to th e boil. Let s i m m e r about 3 minute s and drain. 

Add cold w ate r to the kettle and let it run until t h e c h i c k e n a n d t h e c h i c k e n p i e c e s a r c c hilled . D ra in t h o r o u g h ­ ly. 

Wash out the kettle and re tu rn the chic ke n an d chicken part s to the ket­ tle. 
Add 
J c u p s of c h o p p e d c e l e r y . I c u p chopped carrots, the bay leaf, I cup of leeks, \<2 cup of parsley, I cup of onions, the th y m e, p ep ­ p e r c o r n s , a l l s p i c e , cloves, the ti q u a r t s of w ater and salt. Bring to the boil and s i m m e r 3o minutes. 

M e a n w h il e , split th e un peeled onion in half. 
Pla ce the onion halves, cut side down, in a black iron skillet and cook over m oderate heat uni ii the b o tt o m s a r c s o m e w h a t b u r n t a n d b l a c k e n e d . 
Add this to the kettle. 
At the end of 3o m i n ­ u t e s c o o k i n g t i m e , remov e the chicken and set it aside for ano ther use su ch as for a c a s ­ serole. s a n d w ic h e s an d so on. 
Let the kettle continue to s i m m e r for 3 hours longer. 
Using a sh a rp cleaver, chop the re m a in in g m e a ­ ty c h i c k e n b o n e s in to s m a l l p i e c e s a n d a d d them to a mixing bowl. 
Add about J* cup s of the strained broth. Add the re m ain ing cu p each of p a r s l e y , onion, c e l e r y . leeks and carrots. 
B e a t th e e g g w h i t e s u n t i l f r o t h y . A d d th e whites and cru shed egg shells and stir to blend. 
This m ix tu re is called a clarification. 
Add this to the kettle and let s i m m e r slowly for a b o u t J h o u r s w i t h o u t dis turbing the top of the 
-mixture. 
____ 

New York Times food writers meet Chef Joaquin Gonzalez in the kitchen at La Louisiane. Craig Claiborne, center, and Pierre 
Franey were entertained at lunch by the restaurant's director, 
George Dareos. Claiborne and Franey have been in San Antonio conducting a benefit Cooking School sponsored by the Junior 
W om en’s Committee of the 
San Antonio Symphony. 

H ow ev er, as the m i x ­ ture cooks, use a ladle and scoop out a little of t h e s i m m e r i n g l i q u i d f r o m a r o u n d t h e p e r ­ im ete r of the soup. 
L a d l e t h i s o n t o t h e center of the solids that float on top. 
Do this often 
S t r a i n t h e b r o t h through a fine sieve lined with a linen napkin 
Consomme 
Julienne 

 l 2 cup finely sh redded celery 

* 2 cu p finely shredded ca rro ts 
* 2 cup finely sh redded leeks 
* 2 cup finely shredded 

 turnip 
4 cups s i m m e r in g beef c o n so m m e (see recipe) 
S im m e r the vegetables in s e p a r a t e s a u c e p a n s with boiling salted water to cover. Cook each vege­ table briefly an d drain. 
Add the veg etables to the si m m e r in g broth and serve piping hot. Yields 4 lo ti servings. 
Consomme 
Madrilene 
P re p a r e the recipe for chickell c o n s o m m e b ut a d d 3 c u p s of c o r e d , q ua rt ered vegetables and the six q u arts of water. 
After the m ix tu re has b e e n s t r a i n e d a n d is r e a d y to b e c l a r i f i e d . 

 blend 5l 2 c ups of fresh or c a n n e d t o m a t o e s ( o r a c o m b i n a t i o n of b o t h ) along with the egg shells and other clarif yin g ingredients. 
Add this to the kettle for the J final h ours of cooking. 

For each four s e rv ings of c onsom m e m a drile ne. cut half a sweet pe p p e r into small cubes. T h e r e should be ab out Vi cup. 
S i m m e r this in a little con somme, about J m i n ­ utes until cri sp tende r. 

Add this to th e 4 c u p s of consomme. Add >•» of cubed, seeded tomatoes. 
Serve hot or cold. Yields 4 servings. 
Save tap to 45c on the coffee that’s always 
"Good to the last drop.” 

NBO-3o59 7 
Save 
ZF when you buy one 
1-lb. can of 
I Maxwell House Collet. 

Use the coupon of your choke on Maxwell House 
A.LUC." Brand Coffee or any other can of 
& X I Maxwell House Coffee. 
I (One coupon only.) 

 s r OM c o l PON 

 ta lh* >«U n" 

Otter expire* M*y 31. KIFF 
UMI? 
OMC COURON PIR RuBCNXSl 

O I M K S I I O O H S C O R P O R A I I O N 
Save 
45* 

 when you buy one 
> 

■in 
* 
2 - I E or 3-lb. can of 
............. 
— — J 
Maxwell House Coffee. 
45c 

HELENE 
CURTIS 

Astringent 
Shampoo 

S A N A N T O N IO EX P R E SS— 
Thursday M arch 3 1 9 7 7 

Tapas whet the appetite 
Perk up with 
Nestle Hot Cocoa this morning. 

By JANE ULBRICH 
Express Food Editor 
Chef Juan T urpin of Spain hardly had time for lunch dur­ ing his whirlwind day and a half in San Antonio — much less a chance to eat any of the city ’s fam ous Mexican food. 
Ut* hopes to rome back in about a year, however, to see more of the city, taste its cuisines and prepare some of his specialties for San Antonians. 
We talked about his cooking via an interpreter during his brief visit, and 
Chef Turpin promised that if I got to 
Spain before he got back to the States, he would personalty prepare a meal for me in his Restaurant Via Veneto in 
Seville. 
(Who could resist such an invitation from this handsome Spaniard!) 
Seville is in the heart of Spanish green olive country, and Turpin is in the U.S. on behalf of his nation s green olive industry. 
Although several types of olive trees are grown in Spain, only two varieties of green olives are exported to the 
U.S.—Spain’s best customer 
The queens are large, deep green, fleshy and plump; the smaller man- zanilla olives are lighter green in color and have a finer texture with a smooth, silky skin. 

(Tower of Gold Canapes) 
(Makes 8) 
\ cup mayonnaise 
1/3 cup Spanish stuffed green olives, finely chopped 
I tablespoon prepared mustard 
I tablespoon milk 
8 white bread slices 
I large tomato, cut in 8 slices 
Vfe medium cucumber, cut in 8 slices 
1 large cooked potato, peeled and cut in 8 slices 
2 hard-cooked eggs, each cut in 4 slices 
8 .anchovy fillets, drained 
8 Spanish stuffed green olives 
Parsley sprigs for garnish 
In small bowl, combine mayonnaise, chopped olives, mustard and milk until well mixed. Using 3-inch round cookie cutter, cut out a circle from each bread slice; discard crusts (see note). 
Spread bread with some mayonnaise mixture; place on cookie sheet. 
For each canape, arrange in layers on bread, a slice of tomato, cucumber, potato and egg. Spoon on I tablespoon mayonnaise mixture; top with anchovy fillet and olive. 
Repeat, making 7 more canapes. 
Bake in 35o degrees F. oven for IO minutes or until canapes are heated through. Serve with knife and fork. 
Garnish parsley. 
Note; 
Use crusts in stuffings or bread pudding. 

O liv e C r o q u e tte s 
S u p r e m o s 

To be sure you’re buying olives from 
Spain, look for the Spanish Olive Ex- porters Association’s symbol , —a pimicnto-stuffcd olive wearing a top hat — on labels or caps of jars. 
Though olives are an important in­ gredient in Spanish cuisine in general, they are particularly tasty in Turpin’s specialty— tapas. 
Turpin calls tapas ' knife and fork” appetizers. 

°°zss Wake up with 
Nestle Hot Cocoa Mix 

552oo1 

P r o b L 'in s ? Q u e s tio n s ? 

 b e t H e lp F a s t. 

AX rite H OT LINE. 
In The N ew s Every Day. 
Most companies give you one coupon. 
But today. Helen? Curtis is giving you three. 
Hooray! That's new and improved right there. 
Helene Curtis gives you a range of choices, from three great brands. And three coupons for them. 
So stop cheering. And start cutting. 
Nutrition Week begins Sunday 

Gtner.l Fonds. Corporation 1977 
Sa.¥€ 4 o con Max-Pax. 
Get perfect coffee every time! 
“ Nutrition Food- 
9 way to Fun and Fit- 
| n e s s ” w ill be eni- j phasized during the 
I fifth annual National 
| 
N u trition 
W eek, 
| 
M arch 6-12, spon- 
| sored by The A m en- j can Dietetic Associa- 
| 
Hon. 
■ 
Maintaining nutritious cating habits and keep- 
| mg active enhance a 
I body's health and state of mind. P rac tic in g both eau actually be fun! 
Nutrition need not mean monotony. Persons can vary their daily food 
^ intake because of the 
■ many components which 
I make up a balanced daily 
I diet. 
* 
In lins diet, meals and 
I snacks should he built 
| upon milk and dairy pro* 
| ducts, m eat and fish. 
5 fruits and vegetables, 
I and enriched or whole- 
| grain breads and cereals 
• 
Exercise need not be 
I limited to calisthenics. 
I I Walking, bicycling, and 
| sw m iming are some 
■ pleasant and effective 
■ ways to burn up calories 
J and shape up bodies 

I A f«*t I lilt* 

Conveying this Nation­ al Nutrition Week mes- 
_ sage to the nation is jointly undertaken by 
I ADA and its state and lo­ ft cal affiliates, 
I 
The approxim ate 
| 31.25o dietitians who are 
■ 
ADA m em bers work in 
■ hospitals, universities, 
■ industry, and federal, 
| state, and local health 
■ agencies 
I 
Although National Nu- 
■ I irition Week spans only 
I seven days, the practice 

 of eating properly and exercising regularly should apply for life­ times 
As Clara Zcmpel, ADA executive director, points out; "Our nation empha­ sizes the necessity o f good nutrition for the health o f its people. 
“ Members of the The 
American 
D ietetic 
Association and allied associates are urged to continue to stress that each person of every age pursue a balanced diet and moderate exercise for optimal strength and v itality.’’ 

SAVE1o on any Suave Shampoo. 

Su vy on the riuwubt addition to tee Soa ve Lme 
S u a v e r Dandruff Control Sham poo 
O a Suave favorite Straw berry Sham poo 
Su ave does what theirs does and costs a lot lest 

 ittju n cafttQl 
SHAMPOO 

Store Coupon 
SA37 

Poster contest is underway 

L oca lly , the San 
Antonio District Die­ tetic A ssociation is sponsorin g a N u tri­ tion 
W eek p oster contest. 
Elementary schools in the 
Harlundule, 
Edgewood, Sun Antonio, 
Nortliside and North East districts will participate 
Four prizes will be g i­ ven in each school dis­ trict, with categories fur kindergarten through se­ cond grade and third grade through filth grade. 
Prizes will Im* aw arded 
Saturday in the South 
Texas Health Education 
( enter al 
H em tsFuir 

 on Arm In Arm Deodorant with baking soda the natural way to stay fresh all day In roll-on or spray 

Now make perfect coffee day after day. 
Just buy Max-Pax* Ground Coffee Filter 
Rings and save BX’ with the coupon below. 
Only Max-Pax takes just the right amount of real ground coffee and wraps it in a filter so you can make perfect coffee every time. 
So stop playing the coffee guessing game 
-start using Max-Pax, Electra-Perk or 
Range-'Thp™ mend. You ll save 4oc. 
Get perfect coffee every time! 

Store Coupon 

 on any Everynight Shampoo. 

»tfiriut»ni Sham poo lot Oily Man 
.runs t vwM shampoo I It sup*" cl« ans city hair without drying it out 
STOKECOUPON 

Save UK on Max-Pax’ 
W inning posters will be on display there during 
National Nutrition Week 
TS th* ro u tUr; G#n#r*i Pood* 
C®r|*or*tion Sill re mhurt* yew br iti* tnt value of this coupon piu» tn fur handling if you raraiv* ti on the aa)« of lh# spoil hod prod net and. if. upMH hk,u#*i VUU tuts n it m M M th#root sat >■»'*• u>rv to Issuers! lim it Caryan altun 
Coupon mar not ha assign (Mf ut iran**#* rod CtMtMMf must pa, tm silva ’as Void tshsr* Li>>h,h 
■ (ail (alod or r#sirwtad rn la* liiw l m s in I s 4 ( aah »*'u* 
I att Coupon will not ha hun -rod ifprosottlM through owMtda agon 

! I Almond breakfast 
Store Coupon 

 fret perfect coffee every (inn ! in the San Antonio N ew * 

CENSUAL Et MUJ# CORPORATION 

D ew y F r e s h " P ro d u c e 
U £ . D.A .Choice B e e f S ale I 

WE RESERVE THE RIGHT TO LIMIT QUANTITIES 

M e at 
D e lica te sse n 
D a iry 
D a iry 
D a iry 

PLUS v d i p . 

GOOD THRU WED., MAR. 9, 1977 

 mom f o r m - w ' 

GOOD THRU WED., MAR. 9, 1977 
GOOD THRU WED.. MAR. 9, 1977 
GOOD THRU WED., MAR. 9. 1977 
GOOD THRU WED., MAR. 9, 1977 
GOOD THRU WED., MAR. 9, 1977 
GOOD THRU WED., MAR. 9, 1977 

CHOICE 

TULIPS 

CALIFORNIA U.S. NO. I “MINNOW” 
TANGERINES 

---------------U .S.D .A . CHOICE BEEF- 

SHORT RIBS 
CHUCK ARM POT ROAST 
RIB STEAKS 
CRISP CARROTS 

CALIF. U.S. NO. I LARGE 3 DOZ. SIZE 
PASCAL CELERY 

U.S. NO. I 
ZUCCHINI SQUASH 

TEXAS FRESH WHITE 
MUSHROOMS 
TURKEY HAM 

OPA’S SMOKED BEEF 
OR COUNTRY STYLE RING 
SAUSAGE... 

HANDY ANDY WISCONSIN • OZ. 
SLICED AMERICAN. PIMENTO OR 
$1.29 
SWISS CHEESE 
,EOZ. FAG. 
Y w 
• 
• 
• 

A D RFFRCTIVI TH R U B A T .. M A R C H S. I9TT 
S A N A N T O N I O STO RES O N L Y ! 

HANDY ANDY COUPON 

SLICED 
HGNA 

LD BONO STAMPS 
BUDWEISER 
ORANG 
JUICE 

WITH THE PURCHASE OF ONE 
GIANT 49 OZ. BOX TIDE 
LAUNDRY DETERGENT 

COUPON GOOD THRU WED 
MAR 9. 1977 LIMIT ONI 
COUPON PER FAMILY 
* PACK/I*.©*. C A N I 

HANDY ANDY COUPON 

GOLD BONO STAMPS 

WITH THE PURCHASE OF ONE 
I LB. CARTON 
PARKAY MARGARINE 
SLICED BACON 
$1.15 
LAYER CAKE 
SAUSAGE 
WHIPPING CREAM... 49* 
BUTTERMILK 
KASSEL BEER 

SAN AN TO N IO EXPRESS— Thursday March 3 I 977 

 n a 

2 5 o o B r o a d w a y 1 2 1 8 S. W . M ilitary D rive 
SPECIAL PURCHASE 
GREAT AMERICAN FOOD PROCESSOR 
It turns a cook into a chef! The G o u rm ets basic tool! 

Turn oldies into goodies 

It s the revolutionary new processor that everyone's talking obout! A 

 powerful countertop miracle ... it cuts, chops, pares, slices, blends. It grinds meat. And ice. It will turn peanuts into fresh, oozy peanut butter. See what it 

 does for vegetables ... and sauces. It also grates cheese. It shreds. And 

 purees. The Food Processor has rapidly become the indispensable gourmet 

 machine ... versatile, work-saving, reliable, compact, fun! Truly, it turns o 

 cook into a chef (baker? see what you con do with dough!) Sturdily con­ structed of General Electric Lexan ... it comes complete with 4 blades (3 of 

 stainless steel). 

D O N ’T PAY $225 FOR 
A FOREIGN BRAND 
BUY N O W ! 
AM ERICAN t T 
A 
O 
O 
MADE AT 
H A RW O O D’S 7 9 

Read Earl WH SOV! 

Love lo K eep I p with the Entertainm ent Set? 

Every Day in The News. 

By RUBY LOU POTTS 
Home 
Service 
Supervisor 
City Public Service 

Tasty, thrifty and convenient are the magic words for food preparation today. Everyone wants food to taste good. 

B udgeting has to be a part of the most g en e ro u s household and w hat pantry and refrigerator are not stocked with convenience foods? 
Put all these assets together, and you have the m ak in g of a great m eal or snack. Many tim es new roles can be given to fam iliar foods for a creative lunch or supper. 
Today’s recipe com bines som e old favorites to m ake a new hit. Corned 
Beef Pinwheels with Hot Cheese Sauce. 

Corned Beef Pinwheels with Hot Cheese Sauce 

1 can (15-ounce) corned beef hash 
2 tablespoons prepared m ustard 

1 2 teaspoon onion powder . 

* 4 teaspoon garlic powder 

1 4 teaspoon pepper 
2 cups biscuit mix 
2 tablespoons shortening 

J 2 cup water 
C o m b in e h a s h , m u s t a r d , onion powder, garlic powder and pepper. Mix well and set aside. 
Blend biscuit mix. shortening and w ater to make a soft dough. Form into 

 a ball; roll out on a floured surface into a 12x9-inch rectangle. 
Spread hash over dough; roll like jelly roll beginning at narrow side. Cut into nine I-inch slices. 
P lace in a lig h tly -g re ased 9-inch square pan. Bake at 45o degrees ap­ proximately 3o minutes. 
Serve with Hot Cheese Sauce. Makes 
9 pinwheels. 
Hot Cheese Sauce 

2 tablespoons m argarine 
2 tablespoons flour l i teaspoon salt 

> 2 teaspoon dry m ustard 

1 4 teaspoon pepper 
I cup milk v2 cup grated Cheddar cheese 
Melt m argarine over low heat. Blend in flour and se a so n in g s; s tir until smooth. Add milk and cook slowly until thickened stirrin g occasionally. Add cheese and stir until melted. 

MICROWAVE OVEN METHOD: 
Melt m a rg a rin e in m icro w av e 3o seconds; blend in flour and seasonings and stir until smooth. Add milk and conk in m icrowave 3 m inutes or until thickened stirring after each minute. 
Add ch eese an d s tir until m elted . 
Makes I1** cups. 

HOME ECONOMIST RUBY LOU POTTS 
...serving Corned Beef Pinwheels 
Egg dish for dieter 

If you're the only dieter in y o u r fa m ily , m e al planning can be a pro b ­ lem. Solve it with a low- c a lo rie eg g e n tre e . An o m e le t. q u ic h e or poached egg dish can be satisfying for everyone. 
F o r n o n - d ie te r s . 

 p ro v id e e x tra s such as bread and butter, a sauce lor the vegetables you eat with herb seasoning and a “ store-bought” dessert th a t a n o t h e r fa m ily m em ber serves while you reach for yo u r u n sw ee ­ tened fruit. 

Nibbling at good nutrition 

S n ack in g and d ie tin g seldom go hand in hand. 
But. if three m eals a day just isn’t enough for you. keep h ard -cooked eggs on hand in the refrigerator. 
For a price of only 82 calories, a large egg will provide lots of high-qua­ lity p ro tein an d an im ­ p ressiv e a s s o rtm e n t of 
\ gam ins and m inerals. 
For variety, try a d if­ ferent herb or seasoning each tim e you nibble an egg. 

/ 
SEMI-ANNUAL 

T u r n Otis M o 
I i c ila m lip p U a m 
SELL'ATHON 

^ 
S o o k 
' 

WE'VE HOT TNE MUST POPULAR 
NATICK A l BRAND APPLIANCES 
THAT ARE NOTTO BE MISSED because... 
We want to be your fawrite i r 
"m store oolco 

Handy 

I Lifer Bottle (plus dep) 
S e v e n - U p .................... 6-pack $ I 3 9 
Assorted Jumbo Roll 
B r a w n y T o w e l s 
5 5 * 
Purine Beet Chuck Wagon 
_ _ ., 
D o g F o o d ......................... b«9 $ S 
7 9 
Johnson's Daytime Disposable 
D i a p e r s .................................2«-. $ 2 
21 
Wyler Instant Boof or Chicken 
B o u i l l o n ......................... a w os. 4 1 * 
Puffs Asst, or Whit# or Asst. Prints 
F a c i a l T i s s u e 
• 2oo cnt. 5 
5 
' 
Pioneer 
F l e u r ....................................................$ 1 61 
Imperial Soft 
M a r g a r i n e 
6 
9 
’ 
Hefty Lawn A 
L e a f B a g s .....................io««». 
$ 1 9 9 
Worchesterehire Sauce 
L e a & P e r r i n s ......... ,.°b**.‘ 8 7 
1 
Hi-VI 
D o g F e e d .................... “ 
2 
3 1 * 

B o w l C l e a n e r ......... as . . . $ I 9 9 
Betty Crocker Pie 
C r u s t S t i c k 
H 
. . . 8 9 * 
Betty Clocker Pineapple Upside Down _ 
C a k e M i x .................... 2 , . . . 
$ I o 9 
Kleenex Assorted 
B o u t i q u e T o w e l s 
5 9 * 
Kleenex 
D i n n e r N a p k i n s • • 4o cnt. 5 3 * 
Hunt's 
T o m a t o S a u c e 
! 5« . 3 7 * 
Vtaste Polish or Kosher 
D i l i P i c k l e s . 
9 3 * 
PiHsbory Asst. Varieties 
F i g u r i n e s .......................7 * . , . 
5 1 4S 
Chiffon Whipped 
M a r g a r i n e ...................................7 3 * 
Jo Me Ass*. Instant Pudding A 
P i e F i l l i n g ....................., h „ . 
2 5 * 
Snap-t-Tem 
C o c k t a i l ...................... 4 ” wi. 9 3 * 
Sugar Twin 
S w e e t e n e r • • • • • • * • SO ctn. 5 7 * 

AO IHKTJVI T M V IAI., 
MAA ilk 
IAN AMIOMO HOCH OML f 

 e e o e e 

HaHy Tall 
Kitchen Bags.. 
Quaker Oatmeal 
Cookie M ix __ 
V.getable 
Porn Spray...... 
Northern Asst. Colors 
Bathroom Tissi 
Assorted Varieties Cereal 
Crunchola....... 

Upton 
Cup-A-Soup ... 
Pure Vegetable 
Wesson O il__ 
Maxwell House 
Instant Coffee. 
Wonder Oro 
Peat M o s s . 
Wonder Oro 
Vermiculite 
Wonder Oro 
Potting Soil 
Wonder Ore 
Sphagnum I 
Chee 13-in.x9-in. 
Cookie Sheet............... 9 3 * 
Skco Square 8-in.xB-in.x2-in. 
Cake Pan...................... 8 3 * 
Keg. ut Extra Body Conditioner 
Short A Sassy • • • a 
7 O X . 
I 
With Shove Creme Old Spice 
Cologne 
7 7 .......... $2 59 
Unscented or Regular 
Final N et............... • 
Vaseline Intensive Caro 
Lotion.................... 
1o 
Handy Andy Mitetime 
Cold Medicine 
Birdseye Froson 
Orange Plus 
7 9 * 
Morton Country Table Asst. Froson 
______ 
Entrees.......... 
Concord or Block berry 
Mogen David 

3o ctn. $ | 9 9 

18 os. 85* 

9 os. 99* 

4 pock 79* 

8V4 os. 89* 

4 pack 59* 

24 os. 87* 

IO os. $ 3 4 9 

I pock 
$ | IS 

oin cs 

25 lh. 

9 

I 

1 at 

4 qt. 95* 

 urable 

M ode B y The People W ho M ake 
O n ly The Best In V acuum C loaners . 

Powerful td**t r ar, 

EJ:##**?* 
!>#* fct'us* 
€1leu Db d'O 
O'•» 

4 po**‘Of* tot rf vis* at 
OCHIAI .on 

LOW 

4 - WAY D IA L-A -N A S 

/ 

S I 69 

 o s . $1 6 9 

19 os. 

o os. 9 9 

 p k f " 

Cham pagne 

• c e s s 

• • • • • • O B 

Sib 

EUREKA 
MODEL 
1416 

W T M 
Tv I I Is 
FREE 
TOOLS 

 f l e x i b l e h o s e 
F O B A B O V E . 
F L O C H C LEA N IMO 

8 9 

B i WILCO*! I OOO IT AMT! 
WI m u m DK MOM! 
IO HMH QUAM ll MI I 

 l f - 

D u s t IN O 
BH OS*' 

H O S E ADAMYOH 

TOOLS 
REGULAR 
PRICE 

 whwol ST |M shush t m A K I * ? M A M O 
9 5 

 jeh b w h.. ,■ -■ 
.... 

. 
I 
I t i . 
I 
'* * * * « 
I.Ma* 
_ 
• • I I I I i 
J 
« M MXI 
I l i t i t * 

Wine hits a peak 

A glance along the shelves in your local wine shop will show the vintages availa­ ble in 
Burgundy wines to be 74s, 73s. 
72s. and some 7os. 

Tin* B9s and Tis, for the most part the outstand­ ing vintages, have disap­ peared from \ leu. If you should see either of these two years at a reasonable price then by all means buy them in preference to the others mentioned 
The 73s are probably the harshest of the Bur­ gundies available today. 
The 72s and 74s matured sooner and in many cases are pleasant to drink, especially the wines from the Cote De Beaune — l’ommard. Yolnuy. San* tenay and Aloxe Carton. 
Look into your cellar this time of the year and think about the life ex­ pectancy of your B u r­ gundies/ t'nder ideal conditions 
(.V> to Btl degrees, dark and no \ibrations) Bur­ gundies will last as much as 5o years. Iii rare cases longer. 
Plateau 

But they reach their peak in about 111 years and will maintain a pla­ teau depending upon the 
'strength of their particu­ lar vintage. 
We have some 1o57s thai are elegant and ex­ cellent. Yet. we have some 1%‘Js that were not 
- handled as well (subject- 
‘ eci to varying tempera­ tures). and they are dy­ ing. 
It would be g o o d to drink your 59s. B“Js. aud 
Bds now. Your Bls may last longer than any of these. The Otis are in their prime, with a full robe and a big nose. 
The B9s. in some eases, are not quite ready and iii others have reached al­ most full bloom. 
Probably the greatest sadness iii the cellar is to have a beautiful bottle rem ain too lo n g and quietly slip away without being drunk. 
Let's take this oppor­ tunity to inventory and catalog! 

Q u e s tio n ?* 

Scud questions to 
Words mi W ine. San 
Antonio Kxprcss. hex 
2171. San Antonio, Tex 
7*297. 

New bread is available 

(irain'ola, a whole grain, high fiber bread has been in­ troduced by | 
Richter's Bakery. 
Herman J. Kidder Jr.. bakery president, calls 
(irau i’ola a unique com­ bination of natural whole grain* and nature s fiber. I 
I’he new bread is now I available Iii San Antonio. 
Austin. Corpus Christi. 
Victoria and surrounding areas Valley and South I 
Texas shoppers can also find it on their grocers' shelv cs. 
Uram 'ola contains no preservatives or refined i sugar, Richter points out i and it is sweetened with | molasses and honey. 
**\\e know that housewives prefer flavor, nutrition and genuine ingredients and that s why we are offering this new bread. 
•(irain'ola offers a nu­ tritious aud deliciously flavorful loaf. 
Richter notes, ‘ and when toast­ ed, ifs extra delicious, 
’ By including such na- tut ai ingredients as whole rye meal, steam rolled whole wheat and tracked rolled burley along with spring wheat and old fashioned oat­ meal, we have produced a delicious loaf of bread the whole family .wifi en tov," Richter says 

. * 
, 
,£*•$»■ . / * A 
? ’T 
C U P A N D S A V E 
-M For C o ld W a te r B rig h te n in g ... 
There’s No Power Like COLD POWER 

LAUNDRY DETERGENT 

Good only on COLO POWER. Any other use constitutes fraud 

S A V M $ 1 m S 1 

 re d e e m th e se c o u p o n s a t a n y s to re s e llin g th e se p ro d u c ts 

M arketing C o rp o ratio n of A m erica, W estp o rt, C o n n e cticu t o688o 

SAVE 15% 
On New Aurora Or Soft Prints 
With An Elegant New Feeling 

Alif NUON RI TAHIR R*d**in this cntipfn rn *rcnr(J«nrf »i«r lh* l*rm<, of this oHh :.*nd chupon In AMfRICAN CAN COMPANY PO BO* D IS CONJON IOWA WTM You *tli b* p<nd lie* va I ii* OI (his eoufxin plus M handling lim coupon is void whoiovoc prohibited laird tit co',od Of rostriflPd Th* consume must civ any vrt*% u , involved Cash vain* I 'o mot f RA 11D CHUSE This coupon is non (ijnstmpi* md xii b* void it you md th* consume, do not comply witty th* t*rms oil our oH*r Coupons pr*s*otod through outside broliors nj othms 
•ho u t not rotiil diStftbutOfS pl f ur mon bindis* vxitl not b* honorod unloss .p»c dttlHy authorized by us tmrorcos proving suHment product purcha,* must bo shown on r*ou*st failure lo show this udormation may at our option yo-d ah toupons 
COUPON OPI«S DfClMBtR JI. 1977 
.sj^^cqv:pqn sftuniFmnm 

*9* tv ot ’St reveon & rf th* cm*#* 
H* fm |mfc 
•* w* teiR-ei* vt* ♦<* we* ‘la caw* Hr pweKMi yos 
Ttt# rn*4* w*n <*♦ r*#' 
Prof*IM**- *9* 
WE* CS*©***** tr*wrf f* wrest p*rw."^ stack rtf aa» lnwffis *« Mw* ptMPrftMl lf muff tsp ffcown Uf)p-s 'S***' to !*> KI rbHw 9&m- o4 PI 
Hr -WW****®" Hr 
PM* I Pt*t ****’■ TSU fCMOT'T rf TSOYY 
«*4 
<*«*V as 
-Hi rn# tm Nwa w**i se 
.♦ 

•fpncitx thwart tv r f fit '#♦•«( crf mi* itfw«ss wiVii'v ****#'■ ;*6 six ta pm**' (tuft*** f* 
KNlemetKw tymvm* mw wv *wv viWk **# Canoe* rf us* -x e»a t*»<KJ Cwppnn ae 
** tut t©* at ta 
C DIGATI * A lU o U V l CO P o I d IT M IMH**** « , AO TO I 
Oiler eRivets Svepteeityer 3P t9-it vakMS I *o of it 

To the dealer: tot each coupon you accept as our authorized ac^r t we will r-av you face val'jo pius 
5c handling charges, provided you and your cus tamers have complied with the terms of this offer Arty other application constitutes fraud invoices show mg your purchase of sufficient stock to cover an cou pons redeemed must be shown upon reguest VCud if prohibited, 'ased or restricted Nbur customer must pay any sates ta* Cosh value 1 2oth of 1 c e n t Otter good only in U b A and empires March 2. t<?78 
.- J.-- C - a -Vh C -"Mr.--,s 
PC K: • " . Chm*. ' o* y 5. '>4 

WT7 S C Jomsom % Son Inc R acine Wise 534o3 U S A 

C U P A N D S A V O 
7COFF I on McCormick or Schilling 
Taco Seasoning Mix. 
MR. GROCER You aro authorized to att as our agent for tho redemption ot this coupon We will reimburse you 7c plus b« for handling provrded it has been used in accordance with our customer odor 
Invoice proving purchase of sufficient sloe* to cover coupons presented tor redemption must be shown on to quest 
Good only on McCormick or Schilling Taco Seasoning 
Mi*. Any sales ta* must be paid bv the customer. Any other use constitutes tyaud Void where taxed, prohibited or otherwise restricted by law. Cjsh value 1/2o of 1C Grocers mad coupons to McCormick & Co. Inc, RO Bo* 1411, Baltimore Md 212o3. 
Sorry, limit one coupon per tamily Otter expires Nov. 3o, 1977. 

 r r t S T O R E C O U PO N i f t E T f f i r f i f g y 

J C L IP A N D S A V E ^ Z T Z IF L IT £ I H I 151- 

Try all 3 delicious flavors... 

To Grocer This coupon will be redeemed tor face value pius 5C handling it used in accordance with the otter stated hereon 
Coupon is void if taxed, prohibited or restricted by law Cash value t/2oC Valid only in U S A This coupon is not assignable or bans totable Mad coupon to .Hunt 
Wesson Foods, Inc, PO Bo* 147o, 
Clinton. Iowa 52734 

Coupon Expires March I. 1978 si 1977 Hunt Wesson Roods. Inc 

QUAKER 
1oo% NATURAL 
CEREAL 

A N Y S IZ E . A N Y F L A V O R 

1936 
COUPON EXPIRES SEPTEM BER 3o. 1977 

• O R IG IN A L 
• R A IS IN S & DATES 
• A P P L E S & CINN AM O N 
GROCER As oui agent you may accept this coupon 
(tom retail customers only on the purchase ot QUAKE R 
1oo% NATURAL CEREAL We will pay you 1 ?» plus5t handling to* each coupon so adeemed Any other use may constitute I RAuO Prooi of purchase must tie sud muted upon request This coupon is void it taxed, ti censed restricted or wherever prohibited bv law 
Consumer must pay any sales tai OFFER IIM itiotoonecouponN rpackagi SENO 
TO thcquakeroatscompany po bo* 
41 Ob OAK PARK ILLINOIS 6o3o3 

C T O c l ip 'a n d r e d e e m " ! 

 v* 

£=>& 

 a x v . 
- M ak e-a-Better Bur- 
9er contains those great 
Lipton Seaso n in g s andSpices 

• Make*a*Better Burger comes in many tasty flavors 

 w 
Make*d-Better Burger makes all your ground beef dishes 
G ^ wwith far less fat, calories and cholesterol than plain ground beef. 

Look for new and exciting Mdke*a*Better Burger recipe ideas in your favorite women s magazines 

Upton 
YOUR 
Makea 
NEXT PURCHASE 
Better Burger 
58 o f Upton 
Makea 
Better Burger 

YOB XL. ijMCXJNOBU* CTfcMf 

T H O M A S J L IP T O N IN C 
B O * <7oo 
CLIN TO N IOW A 52734 

E L 

• BB 
S T O R E C O U PO N fT'Tf? 

Save4ocon 
Maxwell House Instant Coffee. 
Now in this unique 
Mix and Measure Shaker Jar. 

J, A It, tilt 

Mix, measure and shake anything cold in this handy new Mix and Measure 
Shaker Jar from Maxwell I louse Instant 
Coffee. It has easy-to-read measuring lines — up lo 32 ounces on the jar and up lo S ounces on the cap. 
This jar is yours when you buy the 
IO ounces of delicious Maxwell I louse 
Instant Coffee inside. What a fresh idea from America's favorite instant coffee! 

2TQ TCT1C TTCTTC TTCT c l i p a n d s A V E T - g R g g .- g S - g S 
1o*1 moz 
Save IOC , 

ON 9-OR 13-OZ SIZ E 
, j 
| 
, 
Mazola TSfJ 
No-Stick i i L 

A.l I * <-* oN MA/Ol A NO ut ILK lolhcQuwW 

• I.# h i I-n j., rn y« Mi rf#, • f ’< S S O u r A u th - -I '« o IN- pun n^'.c by j rOKSurxM'i ut r< 

■ ,1" i i ’ 
V t A ' Aid y jy yt'U Mr I’ x-l • to Y t'jmllirt^*hji«-v provvtpd yfiu jn t y 
USI..ovv Nr* t r .npk-rt A,til th.- Vmy o* IN 
, ofi i Her *ny other Applrrji on by . 

I "..I ' l i e s ti d u d C'HrpOW m.)» n o t V 
J-.'.-l'* 1 

11 mu-.t pjv 

^ob48 

15c 

 m 
M 
M 
M 
J c ^ 
A 
N 
' p 
8 A V E lI.g S C T g .M - g g g S 2 B L 

B Z 

P X 

V J rJZJ/ 
Mix r 

Save 15t on any size of life Cereal 

GROCER As cuf agent yow m^y accept this c 
(tor trow r©• m I ens tomcr& it you rwcoiv* it on tho toto of tho spoofed product A* ,v roimburso you tor tho lace value of thit coupon piut Sc tor handling 
Any other ueo muy Co"*Mute Fruutl P*Ool O* pui'.h.i, must bt; AuU 

 mittnd upon request 
Th,5 coupon 
• yod <t ti ted bfunstd 

O il 

 w 

 r n 

1 

EXI 
TEM B iy rffT'dil stohk CoUPoN/r^ y \ ^ / u 7 T ^ 

■ a i 'm h i fatal 

IX 
Measure 

W/l! u ar* jaw yin1 

 ti 
A Shake 

 u hull Mm Hub any Mite Mr ut 
Max M ill lf mu vt- I tu ta tit I .ut lev 

-HK 

4o< 

SAN ANTONIO EXPRESS— Thursday March 3 1977 

SALE NOW 
THRU SAT. t h r u s h 

 jy o o lc o 

W e w ant to be y o u r favorite store 
TOP SAVINGS ON TOP BRAND NAME APPLIANCES! 

T>26 

4-SLICE 
TOAST-R-OVEN 

Autom atic, 4-slices toast both sides at once. Extra capacity 
2oo °-5 oo° oven for baking. Auto­ matic top brown features. 

WOOLCO REG PRICE 

WOOLCO SALE PRICE..... 
47.97 
43.77 

G.E. 
MAIL IN 
REBATE 

YOUR 
SPECIAL 
COST 3 8 
77 

DCM-IO 
1o-CUP DRIP 
COFFEEMAKEM 

2 -1 o cup capacity, easy-clean glass carafe. Autom atic Brew- keeps Warm Switch. Signal Light tells when on. 

WOOLCO REG. PRICE 

WOOLCO SALE PRICE..... 
26.87 
22.88 

GE. 
MAIL IN 
REBATE 

YOUR 
SPECIAL 
COST 1988 

HD-21 
PORTABLE 
HAIR DRYER 

3 heat setting plus a "cool'' posi­ tion for drying on hot summer days. Bonnet adjusts for adults or children. Luggage styling. 

WOOLCO REG. PRICE 

WOOLCO SAU PRICE..... 
17.88 
14.88 

G.E. 
MAIL IN 
REBATE 

YOUR 
SPECIAL 
COST l l 
88 

HCD-6 
MIST 
HAIRSETTER 

Sets with mist, conditioner, or dry in just minutes. Heat comfort con­ trol regulates the roller -heat. 2o rollers. 

WOOLCO REG. PRICE 

WOOLCO SALE PRICE..... 
19.97 
16.22 

G.E. 
MAIL IN 
REBATE 

YOUR 
SPECIAL 
COST 1322 

2-SLICE 
TOASTER 

Attractively styled 2-slice toaster. 
Color selector adjusts from light to dark for toast to suit every mem­ ber of the family. 

. 14.97 
11.88 

WOOLCO REG. PRICE 

WOOLCO SAU PRICE..... 

G.E. 
MAIL IN 
REBATE 

YOUR 
SPECIAL 
COST 
988 

WOOLCO 
I i i Q Q 
REG PRICE.... I 4 . o o 
WOOLCO i « Q Q 
SAU PRICE ..... I A . O O 

EC-33 

 n? 

< 

YOUR 
SPECIAL 
COST 
IO 88 
CAN OPENER/KNIFE SHARPENER 

"Hands Free" operation, "Easy-clean" removable cutting assembly. SAVE! 

SCD-1 
HEATED 
SHAVE 
CREAM 
DISPENSER 

IV 

8 
REG. 9.97 
97 

 i f 

Gives soothing warm latherat a touch. Uses most any aerosol can. 

VARIABLE 
LIGHTED 
MAKE-UP 
MIRROR 

MODEL 
IM-1 
REG. 19.97 

Four separate light settings. Dual side mirror (regular/m agnified) SAVE NOW! 

WOOLCO 
Q - 
REG PRICE .... L l r f I 
WOOLCO 
4|4| M 
SAU price.. 
A A * A A i 
Af 

REBATE 

YOUR 
SPECIAL 
COST 
F24oWH 
18“ 
SELF-CLEAN ll IRON 
Now steam 15o% longer than ever, based on laboratory tests of all leading brands. 

P R E S T O 
PrestoBurger/1 d(/////w A /t/ fri-Z t/ featuring 
Uddle 
Griddle 

B roils ham burgers or re* verse trav lor sandwiches, steaks & more. Easy to clean. 

PrestoBurger/2 
HtMNOnpjp? G P m tt y s t// B P featuring 

Griddle 

B ro ils w h am burgers or sandwiches, steaks, eggs, bacon, sausage, & more. 
Easy to clean 

3% QI. CROCK POT 

MODEL 
31oo 

Load it & leave it. It cooks automatically. It keeps food warm Stonewear liner. 

 fl/ore/cd shape ’n dry 
9oo styler/dryer 

9 o o w a t t s . 
5 s ty lin g 'groom ing a tta ch ­ ments. 2 temperature set­ ting 

MODEL HB 98oo 
88 

REG. 21.88 
17 

 q ^ K C U R b 

STEAM STYLING WAND 

CLAIROL 

MODEL 
#2oo 

A gentle steam styling 
Wand designed for home use with professional re* suits Curls quickly and eas 
•Iv. 
1333 

REG 16.88 

 son of a gun k by Clairol 

1 2 o o WATT 
PISTOL 
DRYER 

MODEL TDI 

Entra w ide n ozzle gives greater airflo w 
Easy lo handle, lightweight. W ith foldable table stand 
1888 

REG. 22.97 

IRSETTER 

MODEL 
C2oS 

 le ts you create how favor­ ite hair styles in just min­ u te s w ith g e n tle heat. 
Comes with 2o rollers 

NORELCO 

MIST/DRY 
STYLING WAND 

MODEL HB 16oo 

Mist curling at a touch. 
Leak p ro o f, cool tip . swivel, tangle free cor. 
Ready signal. 
996 

REG. 12.88 
IHE NAILWORKS 

SUPERIOR NAIL CARE SYSTEM 

CLAIROL 

Take time and work out of nail care. Comes with 4 at techments cover, and bal ter ins l l 

NM-1 

44 

RIG 12 97 

THE SKIN MACHINE 

Automatic Cleansing Brush by Clairol 

Model *S M -1 

Soft bristled ba tt er y p o w ared fecial brush Clean bke nothing else With fosien soap ber 

 mirror mirrorby Clairol 

MODEL RM-1 

REG. 15.97 

Comes with regular & magnifying mirrors Can be hung on a wall or placed on a tai lie Easy access to 4 o W light bulb 

Noretco 
, LADYBUG 

Dual action shaving head 
C o il co rd , easy, flip up cleaning Fashion tutors 

LADIES' 
ELECTRIC 
SHAVER 

MODEL HP 2127 
77 

REG 18 88 

•OOICO MARIS I f I ACV to SHOP 
'N 

I net « PavMM 
* Con* an if el lay Avoy Plan 

WOOLCO M M P VIS THI tlO H T IO LIMIT QU ANTI T IU — NOT fttSPO NSIRlf TOK TYPOGRAPHICAL fRR OR l. 

I 
AROS W IS T 
I 
3 3 7 FAIR 
2 3 1 4 S.W 
3 7 1 o AUSTIN 
COMMERCE 
AVENUE 
M IU TA R Y OR. 
NWY A? WAUIM 
4 3 4 * 9 4 1 1 
3 3 3 - 4 1 6 6 
9 3 4 - 1 4 4 1 
6 3 3 - 4 4 6 1 

IO O Q IU RO. 
M fA| MONGIA LA NU 
7 3 3 - 3 3 1 1 

SHOP WOOLCO 9:3o A.M. TO 9t3o P.M. MONDAY THRU SATURDAY 

BUY WUN CONFIDENCE* 

SATISFACTION GUARANTEEO! 

 amicittht m *SM» lu lu ttfwtta 

O n ly the m onnerly attributes of four 
Salukis leading Mrs. Robert M atlock of 
Houston allow her to walk with them l l without tripping on their leads. The dogs owned by Dr. Bill Henry of G alveston will be shown at the San Antonio Kennel 
Club all breed show and obedience trial 
M arch I 3 at Joe Freeman Coliseum. —- 
Photo by Frances Bridges 

City staffer is cooling it 

Science Fair judging Friday 

Judging in tho 21st an­ nual 
A l a m o 
R e g io n a l 
Science Fair will begin at 
8J39 a in. Friday in the 
Sams Center main g y m ­ nasium at T rin ity Uni­ versity. 
More than JKH junior and senior high school students from 2o counties will exhibit the results of their research in the fair co-sponsored by Trinity 
University and the San 
Antonio Express-Nevvs. 
E n trie s were divided into ll categories rang­ ing from botony to phy­ sics 
T h re e prizes will be awarded in each category and four grand prize winners will be named in ceremonies at 9:3o a.m. 
Satu rd ay in the Sams. 
Center. 
T h e top two g r a n d prize winners will repre­ sent the Alamo region at the International Science 
Fair in Cleveland, Ohio in May. The trip will be 

Special 
Olympics planned 

Northside School Dis­ trict S pecia l O ly m p ic s will be held from 9 a.m. to 2 p.m . T u e s d a y and 
Wednesday at Northside 
Stadium. 

The parade of Special 
Olympics athletes will kick off the activities at 9 a.iii. Participants in the opening ceremonies will inc lu d e 
San 
Antonio 
Spurs basketball player 
George Karl. 

Sponsored by the Ken­ nedy 
F o u n d a t i o n , the 
Northside Special Olym* pics is a truck meet for 
^Dentally and physically handicapped students. 

 pro vided by the 
Ex* press-Nevvs. 
In addition, the 
San 
Antonio 
Men's 
Garden 
Club will present plaques to the first place winner in botany in the ju n ior and senior divisions. The 
B e x a r County P h a r m a ­ ceutical Society will pre­ s en t e n g r a v e d c e r t i f i ­ cates to the best project r e l a t i n g to p h a r m a c o ­ logy. 
Approximately 31 other o r g a n iz a ti o n s a lso will 

 present special awards 
Mrs. Peggy Carnahan. s c i e n c e c o o r d in a t o r at 
John Ja y High School, is president of the board of d ir e c to r s id' the Alamo 
Regional Science Fair. 
Dr. Dale Clyde, a s s is ­ tant p r o f e s s o r of c h e ­ mistry at Trinity is fair director. 
The fair will lo* open for the public from noon to 7 p.m. Sa turday and from noon to J p.m. Sun­ day. 
S.A. man elected to state post 

John H enry. 
B e x a r 
County 
H ospita l 
D i s ­ trict's top PR man. has been elected head of the state's largest group of public relations profes­ sionals. 
Henry was e le c te d president of the T e xas 
Public Relations Assn. for 1977 d uri ng the a n ­ nual m eeting in A u stin recently. 
O t h e r a s s o c i a t i o n m e m b ers from San An­ tonio elected to the board of directors include: Ll. 
Col Jim Jones. Lackland 
A F B information d ir e c ­ tor. and Robert M cCul­ lough, pu blic r e la tio n s assistant at City Public 
S e n ice. 
More than 45 residents of the Air Force Village have agreed to volunteer 
’ their time for work at 
WH ford 
Hull 
US A F 
Medical Center. 
The volunteer program 

Hospital 
Happenings 

Bv HW ID M el! MOH! kxpre*** Medical M filer 

^ C D I A M q / v , 

See our special selection of diamond earrings and matching pendants. Beautiful! 

 a. 4-Prong d iam o n d earring*, pair $ 7 o b 4-Prong d iam o n d pondant, $6o 
Both in 14 karat gold, 
IHuai'attorn* vnUtrgeO 

Open a /ales account ot use one of five national credit plans 
ZALES 

• wimok* ra n 
• NORTH STAI 
( 
, 
• H K * PUU 
I b e I na m o i kl Sto re • tnt*uuu city 

 a 4oo1 Houlton 
• I U I Houston 
UMH* o* »»»••*« 
)*»«*• m ut n«u (inn* 
Porn Ira* with Porthole Downtown 

While politicians are g e tti n g hot un der the c o lla r as City Council race begins to heat up. at least one city staffer is cooling it. Joe Madison, executive assistant to Ci­ ty Mgr. 
Tom Huebncr schussing down the ski slopes of Colorado this week. 
Police Sgt. 
Gene R. 
Danish, a 25-year veter­ an of the police depart­ ment. elected lo a fourth term as chairman of the 
State Board of Polygraph 
Examiners. The board is c h a rg e d with a d m i n i s ­ tering the polygraph law which covers more than 
49o people licens ed to give them. 
Artists wanted: 
Ben 
Butler over at the East 
Side 
M u l t i - S e r v i c e 
( enter looking for artists or groups of them inter­ ested in painting a mural on two walls inside the c e n t e r . C i t y 's D e p a r t ­ m e n t of 
H u m a n 
R e ­ sources has more infor­ mation. 
High r o l l e r s : 
City bowling l e a g u e s B e a r 
Wheels in first place. 
Among those keeping it up front . . . 
Carmen 
Agnayo iii T ra ffic E n ­ g i n e e r i n g ; 
M anuel 
Agruigo III in Central 
Shops and 
Dennis Rice at the Library. 

I t s buck to the mayor s office, at least temporar­ ily. for 
Betty Wright. 

City Hall 

Bv JIM Wool) 
Cliv Hall Reporter 

She used to work there but transferred to Civil 
Defense . . . back helping out until position is filled 
. . . Janie Baltimore of 
Legal to Purchasing . . . 
Alicia Rodriguez over in 
Planning celebrates Pith a n n i v e r s a r y with h u s ­ band. Abraham. Gets on well with d e p a r t m e n t too . . . City Atty. Jim 
Parker wins bout with the flu. Back giving legal opinions. 

S.A. firm gets contract 

House-Braswell Co. of 
San Antonio has received a c o n t ra c t for the i m ­ p r o v e m e n t of 
West 
Avenue in Hill Country 
Village for a low hid of 
$68,o58.89. 

SAN ANTO NIO EXPRESS— Thursday March 3 1977 
Page l-E 

25oo BRO ADW AY 
1218 S.W. MILITARY 
SPECIAL PURCHASE 
AMERICAN TOURISTER 
LUGGAGE SALE 

SOFTSIDE 

16” Tote Bag Retail $32.5o... 

22” o’Nite Retail $42.5o....... 

24” Pullman Retail $5o.oo ... 
*14” 

$ 
1 
^ 
o 

>22” 

99 
>26” 

26" Pullman Retail $57.5o ... *25 

 ladies Car Bag Retail $6o.oo.. 
$ o 4 9 9 
Mens Car Bag Retail $55.oo— 

Colors: Blue, G old, B ro w n 

HURRY QUANTITIES 
ARE LIMITED! 
AMERICAN TOURISTER 

W ali'li fur I Ii#* < l o l l i n g o f a new /a le * al W alinit Square S h o p p in g C enter. 

I e ’ 
New H r a u n l e l * 
•sa*. 

 is part of a continuing effort on the part of Air 
Force Village residents, mostly retired, to keep active, a group spokes­ man said 
Dr. 
Robert A. Rotten- berg, chief of computa­ tional sciences at 
Lackland A F B , has been elected to the bourd of directors of the National 
Accreditation Council for 
A g e n c i e s S e r v i n g the 
Blind and Visually Han­ dicapped 
Dr. 
Bottenberg will help carry out the ob jec­ tive of the council to im­ prove the services and opportunities available to all blind and visually handicapped citizens. 
He is c u r r e n t ly a m e m b e r of the T e x a s 
State Commission for the 
Blind and is former na­ tional president of the 
Blinded Veterans Assn. 
New offic e rs for the 
San 
Antonio Children's 
Center are 
David C. 
Spoor, president; 
Gil­ bert Boerner. vice presi­ den t: 
Ina Moody Ko- pecky, s e c r e t a r y and 
William 
I itch. treas­ urer. 
The children's center is a private, lion-profa psychiatric hospital pro­ viding services to c h i l ­ d re n and a d o l e s c e n t s wi th e m o t i o n a l p r o b ­ lems 
Ll- Col. 
Marbelh G. 
Michael has been named the new nurse stafl of­ ficer ut the Health S e r­ vices Command at Ft 
Sam Houston, 
Her d u tie s i nvol ve rcs|Minsihiltt) tor the ad­ ministrative stuff work of the nursing division at 
HSC. 

Introducing Samovar 
868 proof vodka. 
What makes it different is what makes it better. 

.Just like the world’s finest Scotch and Canadian whiskies. Samovar comes toyon at 8 6 .8 proof. The International Proof 
8 6 .8 , however, is more than just the International Proof. When it comes to vodka, it’s the perfect proof. 
Perfect for drinking straight and ice cold— the ultimate test of a vodka. Ju st as perfect for adding a touch of perfection to your favorite mixed drinks. 
But proof isn’t the only thing that makes Samovar different. I low we get it to that very special proof is different, too. 
No other vodka is quite like Samovar because no other vodka is distilled like Samovar. Through a costly and painstakingly precise method. 
Resulting in a vodka that's Ultra I)ry. And exceptionally sine Kit Ii. Vet, with a lively quality that's unique and consistent Iv rewarding. 
* 

86.8 International Prix)!' 

It you want a better vodka, look for proof. 
^ 
V s 
•v 
Not promises 
; 
Look for International 
" .......... — 
Proof Sam ovar 

O 
U L T R A D R Y samovar 
The International 
Vodka 

Sam ovar in enjoyed 
! in m er HO countries on every j\. 
Continent, including France. 
England, Germain. ( i recce, and A ustralia 

S 

U L T R A o p V amovaf i 
. V O D K A 

____ 
11 
* MMNMNfA 
, 
. * NI • hajji MO* ft**- 
• , : V 
< 

L o o k for the liutini tnn 
SatntA'ar Sw irl Ii* fille 

 lOrrvtMAfevlHMiltri.r 

• 
It t 
# 
# 

BEEF SPECIA LS 

PiKgly Wiggly. Savory Tender. Heavy Aged Beet 
Boneless Strip Steak u 

Giggly Wiggly, Savory Tender. Heavy Aged Bee! 
Chuck Steak 
» 

Giggly Wiggly. Savory Tender. Heavy Aged Beet. Shoulder Arm Co 
Boneless Swiss Steak 

Tender 
Cube Steak 

Giggly Wiggly. Savory Tender. Heavy Aged Bee! 
Boneless Sirloin Steak 
Piggly Wiggly. Savory Tender. 
Heavy Aged Beef 
T-Bone 

S O ” 

79* 

 t i o* 

• I” 

* 1 " 

Lb 

Lb 

Steak 
Lb.$159 

SPECIAL BUYS 

Frosh Cwt. Shinned 4 Oevemed 
Beef Liver 

Banquet 
Chicken Livers 

Piggly Wiggly. Savory Tender. Heavy Aged Beef. Bottom 
Boneless Round Steak 

Heavy Aged Beef 
Rib Eye Steak 

 fryer Quarter 

Breast or leg 

Soy Mix Added 

Lh. 

M b . 
Cup 

Lh. 

Lb. 

Lh. 

69c 
79c 

$ 1 »9 

8 3 2 9 

55c 

Ground Beef 
Patties 
$o39 
•a 1 ? 

Lb. 

SP ECIA L BUYS 

Farmer jones 
Sliced Bologna 

Farmer jones 
Franks 

Oscar Mayer. Regular or 
Beef Franks 

Horine! 
Utile Sizzlers 

Farmer jones (24k. Pkg. S2.S5) 
Roll Sausage 

Quarter Pork Loin, Cut Into 
Pork 
Chops 

12-oz 
Pkg 

12-oz 
Pkg 

Lb 

9 5 c 

9 5 C 

S i 29 

12 oz 
S I o 9 
Pkg 
I 

M b . 
Pkg. 8129 

Lb.$1o9 

Lb. 

SPECIAL TREATS 

Farmer jones 
Sliced Bacon 

Piggly Wiggly. Five Varieties 
Wafer Thin Lunch Moats 

 kraft s Philadelphia 
Cream Cheese 

P 'U 'F Wiggly 
Longhorn Choose 

Piggly Wiggly 
Sliced Cheese 

Lean, Boneless 
Stewing 
Beef 

4 5 si 
-. 55c 

Lb 

3 oz. 

8-oz 
Pkg 

B-oz 
Pkg 

12 oz. 
Pkg 

59c 

9 9 c 

S119 
$1o9 

SERVICE IS STILL IN STYLE 

^ o * 

U.S. No. I Premium 
California Sunkist 
Russet Potatoes 
Navel Oranges 

Lb. 

Rod. Ripe 
Strawberries 

Long Shank 
Green Onions 

Pretty Bay, Wild 
Bird Food 

California 
Fuerte 
Avocados 

PHco OB 
Pkg. 
Marked 

LAWN ANO GARDEN SPECIALS 

Nerthrup-King Flower A 
Garden Seeds 

To* Soil ar c - - Q 
Cow Manure 
*°£ s149 

Gardening Must 
Peat Moss 
♦o lb 
■«l 
S ' ! 8 9 

California 
D'Anjou 
Pears 
Lb.39c 

F R O Z E N F O O D S a 

Rus-ette Steak Fries or 
Ida-Treat, Frozen 
French 
Fries 
‘ti. 

All Varieties, Frozen 
Patio 
Dinners % 

Piggly W iggly, F rozen 
Waffles 

Piggly Wiggly 
Whipped london 

Pot Ritz. 2 Pack. frozen 
Pin S h rill n o oiiuiio 

Chacaiata lead. Glazed ar 
Joey Filled, frozen. Merlon s 
Donuts 

39c 
49c 
5 s*l 
49* 
49c 
69° 

9 oz 
Ctn 

IO-OZ 
Pkg 

Kraft, 
Cheese Food 
Velveeta 
. . S I69 
Box rn 

Enter the 
"HOW DOES 
AMERICA 
SPELL CHEESE?” 
SWEEPSTAKES 

U&iM *•»' I IU 
Kl in .iv i>* 

I * 
V , A . I , , y t , A t v 

( „ 
I t 
' t - if 
Hi, 1 „ ,»*h| , nf> , «u*»n*>.l'i* 

■I* .I" u r l ‘C>p.lltlW 

PIGGLY WIGGLY 
STORES 

You hove 96 DIFFERENT WAYS to WIN’ 
* 
YOU CAN W IN up lo SI OOO on yotif flHST visit lo our stores1 

S A N A N T O N IO EXPRESS— Thursday March 3 I 977 
Two U.S. courts’ staffers spending nights in classes 

Two employes of the federal courts here are spending their evenings attending college classes with an eye toward car­ eer advancement. 
Sarah Munford, who works in the U.S. District 
Clerk s office, is major­ ing in criminal justice at 
Southwest Texas State 
University. 
Mrs. M unford, who lacks 21 hours for a degree, attends class at the SVYTSU extension t enter at Lackland AFB 
And 
Marcie Mood is studying to be a legal assistant in a program 

 offered by San Antonio 
College. 
The U.S. Magistrate 
Court secretary is in her first semester in the pro­ gram. 
Also participating in educational programs is 
Ld Prado, an assistant federal public defender. 

Prado attended an ad­ vanced evidence seminar in Los Angeles last week. 
The meeting was spon­ sored by the National 
College of Criminal De­ fense Lawyers and Pub­ lic Defenders. 
A 
Mac Arthur High 
School graduate. Stan­ 

 ley E. Crawford Jr.. has joined Chief U.S. Dist. 
Judge Adrian A. Spears' staff as a law clerk 
Crawford also attend­ ed Brown University and the University of Texas 
School of Law in Austin. 
He came on board 
Monday, fresh from last week's state bar exams. 
Another U.S. Courth­ 

 ouse newcomer is Diane 
Jacoby, who joined Sgt. 
Adolph P ena’s federal complex security staff. 
The wall is still bare at the front entrance of the 
Courthouse where the picture of former Presi­ dent Ford once hung. 
The President Carter photographs have not ar­ rived for posting. 
Grape group elects chief 

AUSTIN (AP) - Ed 
Auler of 
Austin has been elected as the first president of the Texas 
Grape Growers Associa­ tion, which w as organ­ 

 ized to promote the grape industry in Texas. 

Texas grape growers held a one-day confer­ ence Tuesday. 

Lorry Kingry, in top aircraft, and Harry Shepard, in bottom one, practice precision flying routine over Aeroflex Airport near Andover, N J . Copilots for large airlines, the men demonstrate during their spare time — precision aerobatics in their W aco Aerobatic aircraft at shows around 

 the nation. — AP Wirephoto. 

Piggly Wiggly, Savory Tender, 
Heavy Aged Beef, 
Sirloin Steak 
$128 
. I 

Piggly Wiggly, Savory Tender, 
Heavy Aged Beef, 
Shoulder Arm Cut 
Swiss Steak 

Fresh, 3-Lbs. or More 
Ground Beef 

Rricos good in Son Antonio and Universal City thru March 
5, 1977. Wa reserve Hie right ta limit quantities. Non* sold to dealers. 

Piggly Wiggly, Savory Tender, 
Heavy Aged Beef, Chuck 
Boneless Roast 

SAN ANTONIO EXPRESS— Thursday March 3 1977 

Blood sought for policeman 

A volunteer blood drive will be held Thursday in the name of a San 
Antonio police officer wounded in the line of duty. 

S tu d e n ts at the Air T ra in in g 
( ominand Non-commissioned Of- iicer Academy at Medina Annex. 
Lackland AFB. will conduct the blood drive in honor of Patrolman 
Valentine Lope/. 

Lopez was wounded on the night of Feb. 17 while making a distur­ bance call at an East Side lounge. 

The drive is being held in con­ junction with the South Texas Re­ gional Blood Bank. 

During his first 48 hours at Bap­ 

 tist Hospital. Lopez received 23 un­ its of blood. 

Sgt. Barr K. King, student co-or­ dinato r for the drive said, “ We realize that Officer Lopez is covered under the South Texas Regional 
Blood Banks Blood Assurance Pro­ gram . nonetheless, we are public servants as is Officer Lopez and we want to do this in his nam e." 

Marty Stone, volunteer donor re­ cruiter for the South Texas Regional 
Blood Bank, said the drive will be at 
Building 146 on Medina Base from ll a.m. to 2 p.m. 
She said 48 volunteer donors had all ready signed up for drive and pledge cards were still available for those who wished to donate in Of­ ficer Lopez’s name. 

Epilepsy research grant made 

By DAVID MCLEMORE 
Epilepsy, a common disorder affect­ ing more than 6oo San Antonians, is surrounded by widespread prejudice and misconception, according to Dr. 
John P. Allen. 
Dr. Allen, assistant professor in the neuroscience div ision at the University of Texas Health Science Center, re­ cently received a $3o,ooo grant to help correct those misconceptions. 
The Texas Department of Mental 
Health/Mental Retardation made the grant to foster research to develop a com prehensive epilepsy education program for patients of the Bexar 
County Hospital District. 
O s tra c is m 
"The tragedy of people with epilepsy is that while treatm ent is usually ef­ fective in controlling seizures, patients still suffer social and psychological consequences like ostracism and job­ lessness," Dr. Allen said. 
" It’s extremely difficult to erase the mystique that has surrounded epilepsy 

 for centuries, especially when the dis­ ease has been associated with demonic possession and exorcism." 
Dr. Allen prefers not to use the term 
"epileptic." He describes the neurolo­ gical d iso rd er as the o ccu ran ce of sudden sp o n tan eo u s ep iso d es of temporary loss of consciousness. 
Severity of the episodes may range from sm all, often unnoticed lapses 

(petit mal) to the incapacitating gran mal convulsions that cause ‘total lack of control. 
Dr. Allen said patient compliance with medication rates in San Antonio is low and he hopes his research will lead to an answer why. 
Paramount to treatment success, he said, is the maintainance of the patient on anti-convulsant drugs to keep him 

 seizure-free. 
The grant w ill enable development of education and group sessions to give patients e n c o u rag em en t in dealing with social and psychological prob­ lems. 
Comm on se n se in fo rm a tio n and educational materials will be prepared for physicians and employers. Dr. Al­ len said. 
Top T exas Mason due honors 

The top ranking Mason of Texas will be honored Saturday during Texas 
Masons Day. 
Herman Vinyard of McAllen, grand m aster of the Grand Lodge of Texas, 
Ancient Free and Accepted Masons, together with other Grand Lodge of­ ficers from Waco, will be honored in the all day ceremonies. 
Texas Masons Day will begin at IO a m. with a procession from the Scot­ 

 tish Rite Temple to the Alamo, where heroes of the shrine of Texas liberty will be honored, especially those who were Masons. These include Ben Mi­ lam, Davey Crockett, William B. T ra­ vis. Jam es Bowie. Jam es Bonham, 
Almoron Dickenson and John ('. Clark. 
Members of Masonic Blue Lodges. 
Alzafar Shrine Temple, Scottish Rite bodies. York Rite bodies and members of the Order of DeMolay will partici­ 

 pate in the procession to the Alamo for the wreath laying ceremonies. 
A Masters, luncheon sponsored by the Wardens, Secretaries and Past 
Masters Assn. of Masonic District 39 will honor the Grand Master and other 
Grand Lodge officers. 
The luncheon will be in the banquet hall of the Scottish Rite T em ple. 
Avenue K and Fourth Street, starting at noon. 
Back by popular demand 
Bet your FREE Kame FoMer at our stores and start WINNING CASH today! 
JI 37,82o dtB.$19o.727 

O O O S C H A R T 
. f e b r u a r y 2 2 . 1 9 7 7 

KHUU 
H raiD LTJBO ft HI i n a n E E D M m u 

4 1o9 

8. M2 

25 238 

I in 24 687 

I m i 2 i i i 

I IU 2.1W 

I in I 4o2 

I in 175 

37.765 
I in 25o 

I in 169 
I in 1o8 

I in 29 

*• * t v » **■• 

 e "» to t VXX £>#•■ tv ’ » 'XZ.. 
-■* '•"»•§***• y BW • I 
«»•* EM 
o88' e<M'*9%Oo 9>#mpMfd 
•»! 

Piggly W iggly 
C r e a m S tyle or W h o le Kernel 
G r e e n , Cut 

5 -Lb . 
Bag 

E V E R Y D A Y L O W P R I C E S 

, 
D r y F r y O il , A e r o s o l 
Pam Spray 

F it & T r i m , P u r i n a 
,. Dog Food 
o# X 
S p r a y C l e a n e r 
. Formula 4o9 

W ith J e l l y , B a m a 
- Peanut Butter 

* 9 9 » y W ig g ly 
: Cim a 
Peaches 

9 o z . 
C a n 

Del Monte Corn 
Del Monte Deans 

1 7 - o z . 
C a n s 

E V E R Y D A Y L O W P R I C E S 

B a m a 
Grape Jam 

B r e m n e r 
Saltine Crackers 

P 'g g l y W i g g l y , Ta ll 
Trash Bags 

C r u s h e d o r S l i c e d . O e l M o n t e 
Pineapple 

P ig g ly W ig g ly , W h o le P e e led 
California 
Tom atoes 

1 - L b . 
B o x 

I S - C t . 
B o x 

69° 
39c 

99c 
3 tis S1 
3 *1 
C a n s 

1 6 - o z . 
C a n s 

T O D A Y S G O O D B U Y S 

K o u n t y K is t 
Green Peas 

P i g g l y W i g g l y 
New Potatoes 

P 'g g l y W i g g l y 
Leaf Spinach 

P i g g l y W i g g l y 
Sauerkraut 

D e l M o n te 
M ixe d 
Vegetables 

' T a c h of t h e s e a d v e r t i s e d i t e m s is r e q u i r e d to b e r e a d i l y a v a i l ­ 

 a b l e f o r s a l e at or b e l o w t h e a d v e r t i s e d p r i c e in e a c h s t o r e , 

 e x c e p t a s s p e c i f i c a l l y n o t e d in t h is a d " 

6 Pack 32 Oz. Ret. Btls. 

PEPSI o r 

7 U P 

Plus 

D e p o s it 

Canada Dry 

T O N IC 

W A T ER 

Plus D e p o s it 

AT PIGGLY WIGGLY 
THE PEOPLE 
PLEASIN’ STORE! 

Y O U ’LL W ANT ALL 18! 

Cm*>« C *tt*c t'M * C *t»*roi« C m * 
* m 
* • f r t t i n w l f C m 
* i* » r C * * * * * * * 
• Salsa* * Sni» * D r* •« '* * ! • Cab** mi* P i** • M m **im * M u ll • D*»**rt 
D im * ** " * * • family SM # C m **m * 
• C * * * * * * * C * * * * * * * • Cm 
*! i* C o a ti 
C m *IM * • W f*rt* Mr. de Cooking • f un 
• F m I • S M * Off C m * * so* * Cack ta il I i i * * C * * h * * * k * H o *i* B *k *a 
S<**4> • A m * af Marry ta i'* * * f i t * * 
• Pall* C * * * * * * * ’ O * Ahead A*r«y 
Oma 
*_____ 

McCalls 
C O O K B O O K 
C O L L E C T I O N 
On Sale Today! 
_99c 

 lu d o IX C lT iN u H it i f ! 5 
I ACM HIO BO O * ii',, , « , ) 

B l fem I MOI N I A U H f u n C O LO * FOOD BMOIOCBAPmS 

This Week's Feature 

Book 
MARVELOUS 

 t«Six" 
MEATS 

We are proud to p r e s e n t a p r o g r a m th a t w ill t a t e y o u m o n e y a * y o u a d d c h a r m a n d grace lo your d in in g ta b le O v e r th e c o m in g w e e k s , w e w it) b e o ffe r in g b o a u tifu l a n d genuine J O H A N N H A V I L A N D B A V A R I A U S M A N * F I N I R O R C t L A I N C H I N A 
W ith e a c h l l O O p u r c h a s e y o u a re e n title d ta b u y o n * c h in a s ta m p fo r M e 
A M O O p u r c h a s e e n title s y o u to b u y tw o s ta m p s o le fill th o S a v o r 
C e n t i n e l * w ith I O s t a m p s , a n d th is s to re w ill p re s e n t y o u w ith a g ift b o r e d 2 o p ie c e s e r v ic e fo r to u r o f b e a u t ifu l lo h a n n H a v ila n d C h in a . >n y o u r c h o ic e o f to u r b e a u t ifu l p a tt e r n s 
T h * to ta l p r ic e o f y o u r s e t w ill b o lu s t S 2 9 7 o 
M a tc h in g s e r v ic e p ie c e s w ill b e a v a ila b le a t s p e c ia l c o u p o n s a v in g s d u rin g th e fe a t u r e w e e k s 

V A LU A B LE COUPON WORTH <2.oo 

T O W R R O T H I P U R C H A S E or T H I S W E I R ' S F E A T U R E D I T E M 

3 HAVILAND TABLECLOTH UNoERLINERS 

O u r R e g D i s c o u n t P r i c e 
$ 8 .9 9 
C o u p o n S a v i n g s 
2 .o o 

Your Price (with coupon) $6.99 

Package includes I Pearl White 1 Sky Blue and f M o s s Green underimer 

C O U P O N G O O D T H R U M A R C H 5 , 1 9 7 7 

H u s b a n d P le a s in ’ 
P ig g ly W ig g ly 
Tomato Sauce 
Ranch Style Seans 

D e l M o n t e 
Tomato Juice 

N a b i s c o 
Mila Wafers 

4 P a h S l e e v e . H u n t s 
Snack Packs 

A rm i H a m m e r 
Laundry 
Detergent 

7 o -O I. 

B o x 

4 6 - o z . 
C a n 

1 2 o z . 
B o x 

5 o z 
C a n s 
99c 

D e l M o n t e 
59° Pickles 

V e g e t a b l e 
59c Crisco Oil 

M f * 
N i c e N S o f t , Z e e 
69c Bath Tissue 

2 2 o z 
Jar 

C a l 
C a n 

4 R o ll 
P k g , 

59° 
$499 
79c 

P ro p a rty o f fo o d M o rt B a k e ry , Inc. 
Budw eiser 
Beer 
V«,k 

RICH and 
FAMOUS 
MARK TRAIL 
FREDDY 
CROCK 
MISS REACH 
. KERRY DRAKE 
MARY WORTH 
APARTMENT 3 - 6 
FRED BASSET 
STEVE ROPER 
POONESBURY 

NOU), lbtm b& vb you one 
Ft MAL EXAMPLE OF DB - 
Terne Bef mo sabotaged 
J AT HOME. BY1974, THAO 
1 PERSUADED MOSCOW TO PER- a rn UNPRECEDENTED NUM- 
■^BERS OF JEWS TO EMIGRATE.. 

BUT THEN SENATOR 
THAT TNB 
JACKSON FORCED A 
BILL 7HROU6H TYING 
TRADE MTH EMIGRA­ 
TION1 TUE SOVIETS 
ANMIX CUT BACK' 
UTH AT CANINE 
DEDUCE 9 
I * 

SOVIETS DONT 
MIND BEING 
BRIBED, BUT 
TUEY HATE 
BEING BLACK­ 
MAILED7 
/ 

 mow., i 
HEY! I 
WOULD HAYE 
THAT IS 
GOT ONE! DEDUCED 
CORRECT. 
FIRST 
THAT JACK- 
/ 
TIME 
SON WAS A 
OUT/ 
NURO. 

THAT WOULD 
HAYE BEEN gEENAFRAID BOW a ™ * * ’ 
T c c m ii 
'm r 
7oo■ 
BUTE IN 
IM 
I 
CLASS! 

SAN ANTONIO EXPRESS— Thursday March 3 1977 " 

MOMMA, I s s r ^ 1 $ $T ZAHGB a n ? IC n Z W 
FEEUnS THAT I'M LIVING APAZT p r o m T HS z e s t 
o? HIGMAN I Ty--. AN &CLAT&P P\G(/ZB 
P * iFTiN 6 TmBC-MSh 
TW£ WMTeXtClAZ, SCARY VO IO ogTvV BBSI A Ye (J HS & iZ l 'S 
PXSAtfG AKP 

A 
" V 

 y 
. 

PC KPX HO RKY, 
PARLIN 6 !X 
PELT e x a c t ly 
THE *AM£ WAY 
WHEN J WA4 
YOHE A S E // 

I F 
" 
TWEETS’ £ o E 5 

MY iS J p lV lP W A L lT V 

KEI IT 

I S c h o o l 

S T U O eur 

H u t t x v \w 
S. 

V I A U C I A mASow, 

 h o n c « , y g ^ T g p rc v tv 
£ TICKLE MY YA K O T IC K , ANC? TOpAY Mg 
4 tc>l e m y tr u d g e , r p l i k e t d k n ^ w 
H o W PAZ HE iN T g N C ? * TC? dc? IN H I* 
URB OP CZiN'E. ? 

~ T D dA V 
V g INCHED. 

C x u 'aaT 

PPETTV BC7Y4NP HIS* A1AN<^y' 
/ft4K 4l)P £P ^ 
WITHIN Tli'C? 
<p p t h ^ F jp p r. 

K 
T O U G H 
S C H O O L - 
H O fA E -w o ^ v ^ ^ C u e fM s n N iG 
N\Y KO O M \ , r _ N N P T V I N G 

! T W ' 
T 
K 
^ 
H 

W M ' T H \S 
IS 
W H A T 
T H e V 
\ 
/ 
TH" P U T U B E . 
D O N 'T ^ J 
C A L U 
T H ' 
CPkKE.'FKELEL D fN V S 
) I 
L O O *v N O N F . 
T O O 
/ ) 
O T 
C H IU O H O O D 
T H ' B E S T / 
\ 
B R I G H T I 
> _ 
^ j 
T\fAe. o r r— 
^ v 
1 
1 

BY TR IC K Y R ICKY 

I. Crown. *out highness 111 

Every wordy GI RDY answer is a rhyming pair of vsords (like True Blue, 
Plain Jane, and Humpfy Damply I. 
Read the definition, then think of two rhyming words that will fit in the letter squares. I he number after the definition tells you how many syllables in each word of the rhyming pair. 

“ 
T 
I 
'J ( b «uptrd (lillt-cpie I JI 

I 
■ 
1. Levy on pant* 111 

______ _____ 
M 
Z Z - 
4. Smote Majority I cader'* *p rn hr* 111 

 z n 
■ l z n 

I hanks -oui MW •«» t ra n k S atin nu t»( 
W a u l burs. ( I fin 
«* 7. Send i >>mi 
< m rs in lin s 

 new spa | h t. 

V Harmer ceratins! |2l 

 ii He repairsftMMj-niistng appliant* s Iii) 

7. Attains f arhar! s flower* ( Ii rn 

± ± 

 svriiaNvosvnaNv t musaK naasa la » h.uum naxxoH s 

SI I HOW KU HAU * X V I SMJVIS I A Z/IU AS IU t DMH OMS I 
UitMiy 

TODAY’S CROSSWORD PUZZLE 

UNITED F ea ture S yn d ic a te w«dn*»day »pumi* solved 

Astrology 
By 
O 
CARROLL RICHTER 

ACROSS 

1 Nautical stick 
5 Thin circu­ lar plates 
IO Strike with the hand 
14 Skin prob­ lem 
I 5 Hole....... 
16 Arizona na* titre 
17 Dance of the 
2os 
19 Bakery equipment item 
2o Kmd of music lover Slang 
21 Annuel 
Calgary event 
23 Greek resis­ tance group 
28 Cause to desalt 
2o Family member* 
3o Began a session 
34 Remove Im­ purities 
38 Laugh loudly 
37 Was con­ veyed by auto 
38 Mig pay mf component 
39 Go beck 
42 — 
Tin Tm: 
Movie dog star 

9 L a w -m a k e r s 
1o Bargain seeker 
11 Affection 

I D ID , S W A M P Y ... 

W H A T A C E VOO G O kiklA 

DO ABOUT lf? 

R e s p e c ta b le 
[ from no n on ' * 
Pat#*} Service 

L-r>j f i i 

MADAM. This 15 ROSCOM 
/ 
HE 
SHOE .THS TOP O f OUR 
oOC5NT LOOK 
LINE ! HE MAKES OUR G in n I LIRE MUCH 
ESCORTS LOOK LIKE DUMS A 
TO ME 
ANIMALS • 

G E N E R A L T E N D E N ­ 

C I E S : 
B e p r e p a r e d to 

 a d o p t n e w p o l i c ie s , t h a t 

 c a n o p e r a t e t o y o u r a d ­ 

 v a n t a g e . A d a y t o s h o w 

 y o u r m a g n e t i s m a n d g a m 

 y o u r t r u e o b je c t s * . 
N e w 

 b e g i n n i n g s c a n w o r k t o 

 y o u r a d v a n l a g e . 
AK I t S iM a r 
ZI lo A or. I t ! 
6«ouge t i w orthw hile activities, d u rin g . p a r t lim e b u t don I 
LOC no any money footivhiy Toke no chance* m in your reputation 

TAURUS I Apr IO lo May M I 
Be o ie rl to new o p p o rtu n ity * m a t m ay o n * # at tm * tim e 
Study your * u rro u n d in g * and make plans tor im pi Ovenien! 
G E M IN I y M o* l l lo June ZI) 
D iscuss M u r e pions w ith as soc tales Avoid one hwo does not understand you Obtain the data you need trom the right sources 

 m o o n C HILD R EN (ju n e ZZ to 
Ju ly ZU 
M ake those changes m at w ill orinu vow greater fi­ nancial benefits in the do vs oneoo 
Fouow the advice of an e ip e rt 
LCO (July ZZ to Aug l l ) Come to a better understanding w ith associates Take no chances w ith one who has on eye on your assets 

VIRGO (Aug ZZ to Kept Z>> 
M ake alans that anil give you 

 greater abonoante in me future. 
Change your Qititude with ma ie ana pet e«ceiient results 
LIER A (Sept ZZ to Oct ZZ) 
A new attitude can see you gaming some olm m at hod been d ifficu lt in me post 
Make Sure routine work is done efficiently 
SCORPIO (Oct t i lo NOV ZU 
Engage in civic work now and odd to present prestig e 
Show m ore devotion to fa m ily. Snow otneis you hove wisdom 
S A G IT T A R IU S (N e v , ZZ to 
D ec 
ZU 
S tu d y new o u tle ts throuoh which you con make me 
M u re m uch b rig h te r fo r y o u r­ self Relo* at home tonight 
CAPRICORN (Dec. ZZ to Jan 
ZOZ 
M a ke s u re you v e t o promises mode to others Follow your hunches when ore accurate today ana tonight. 
AQUARIUS (Jan 
ZI to Feta 
IF) 
You hove to Chonge your a ttitu d e w ith associates it you are to aet the right results at this tim# Use core rn motion tonight 

PISCES (Feb ZO lo M or ZO) 
Be m o re co o p e ra tiv e w ith co w orkers and gam excellent re suits 
A gift tor your mot# can pay# the way to better under- standing 
IF YOUR C H IL D IS BO R N 
TODAY . . . n# or sn# win see th in g s fro m an in te lle c tu a l standpoint, so be sure to give as fine an education os you con and life here can ce most successful 
Be lo re to give good s p iritu a l training early m life Sports gr# a must here 

43 "You don t say!'’ 
45 *'— go!" 
46 Irritabia 
46 Cancel 
5o Beyond sav­ ing 
52 Involuntary contrac­ tions 
54 Pretext 
55 Musical in­ tervals 
89 Musician 
63 Shield of 
Zeus 
64 Vandyke brown 2 words 
66 Ontario community . , r _ z rj7 
67 In plain view 
^ 
68 Response 
J J 
»°*"C* request: 
® Stocking 
Abbr. 
* J 2 L 
69 Bins 
22 '" ° v 'y 
TO Salamanders tongied nw e te rb o d - 
, 4 j J 

* * 
26 Showed 
DOWN 

1 Velocity unit 2e *5®"® 
2 Feel pity 
°***r 
3 Close with a 
•on# AH*- click 
I” " t 
4 Male hawks 
/X T A * 
K Caton* 
Of old Scan­ dinavia 
32 Supervises a newspa­ per 
33 Apostle to the Gauls 
Var 

T A P E D 
I 
I 
F T 
E M I 
T 
A D • 
V E 
I 
o lr) E 
M A o 
I 

I 
A ft K S c o A 
M 
I 
N E ft 

 f 
M S 
P A 
: N o N E 
o 
T 
W 
T E ft E D 

 o A •• 
' s H ft 
I 
V E N 
o A N c 
A N I 
T E ft 5 
o ft E 
o 
N c 
A 
! 
L p f 
L c 
* 
A S T A 

• ft o 
D t 
A ft 
A ft 

* ft A ! 
T * 
A N 

.I 
R o 
.H 
A N ft o w 
T '■> * 
H M i c K o f ft A 

 u N 
* 
6 
A 
A ' 
9 A ft f ft 
P A > 2 
M L 
N D 
A N c 
E 

36 Author of fa­ bles 
4o Negatively charged particle 
41 Guides a vehicle 
44 Leapt see 
47 Jubilant 

 nd 

5 Calorie watcher 
6 Insurance: 
Abbr 
7 Heavy drinkers 
6 Spaed unit* 

49 — Pen Alley 
51 Sets (irmly in position 
53 Push 
55 Kind of lily 
56 Boxing s 
Eddie — - 
57 Miserably poof 
58 Small duck 
6o — dixit 
Dictum 
6 f Hindu deity 
62 Military bug!# call 
65 Wile 

o ii 
12 l l .. 

*r 

= 
E x p r e s s 
- N e w s 
W a n t A d s 2 
2 
5 
- 1 
6 
6 
6 

W a n t 
A d s 
C A L L 

2 
2 
5 
- 1 
6 
6 
6 

H O U R S 

8 A .M . to 
5 :3 o P .M . 

M O N D A Y thru FRIDAY 

E N M O U 94CMARN 1S 

 t s p - N n o m lt 
1o«— Loa* and found 
11O— V a dal Marte n 

1 o 7 — ItM ln a u Personals 
1 1 t— Lode* Notice* 

I M — 
BM * A P r o f w s i* 
I 
A flfl, 1,1 gfa J.I1 ■Pin na 

 l i d 
U f l N o H c o s 

W B w m 

M A S S E U S E W a 'WTc D. $2oo - $3oo 
W eekly. E x p e r ie n c e not n e c e s­ sary 732-3361. 4211 Blanco. Tokyo 
Mouse. 
Would like to contact all w riters who h a v e re c e iv e d an a n sw e r from Country Creation, N ashville 
Tenn. on their poems Please call 
Lance 344-3471 *56-4528 

167 - BUSINESS PERSONALS 

A N E W M A S S A G E LO C A T IO N outside city, open 7 d ays 'til 2am. 
P ro f. m a sseuses. 1223o IH35 N betwwen O'Conner A Judson Bds 

C A L L B R E E M iss 34 22 35, tor the 
M a ssa g e of Y o u r L ife ! P A R IS 
H U B B , 
Open 
IO. 3oam to 4pm. 
492-2994. 

C A L L C E E C E E A N b T H A T 
AIN 'T S C O T C H ! 492-29*4 
O A T E i 6 A L 6 b E ! M e e t L o c a l sin g le s . C a ll D a te lin e toll tree 
(8oo) 451-3245 
Do you w ant to lose w eight the n u t r it io n a l w a y ? D o it w ith 
S H A K L E E Products. C all 2-7pm 
349-8211 or 341-8796 
E n la r g e Y o u r i i r c l e of S in g le 
F rie n d s Join: S U B U R B A N SIN ­ 
G L E D A T IN G S E R V I C E . W rite: 
84S1 M ichelle W ay San Antonio, 
Tx 78239 
E V E R H a v e a iw itch M assag e? 
Call C arm en tor Details, 492-2994 

FO R H E L P with an unwed preg- nancy, coll E d n a G ladney Hom e, 
Ft Worth, T X 1-8oo-792-11o4 

FO R Late Nile Specials (loom to 
4 a m ) C a ll M is s E X O T I C , th a t sh a p ly . su p e r, " G in a " . P A R IS 
R U B S , 492-2994 

F O X Y L A D Y E s c o r t S e r v ic e 
734 8253, 732-3361 T o k y o H ouse 
4218 Blanco 

BLOOD 
?DONATIONS? 

BLOOD - PLASMA 

S E R V IC E S O F 

S A N A N T O N I O 

N O W 
OPEN 

A C R O S S F R O M 

M U N I C I P A L A U D I T O R I U M 

A T 

1 1 2 A U D I T O R I U M C IR . 
M ew .-*! I M A J A -4 roo F J A 

C L O S E D S A T . A S U N . 
$ PAID DONATIONS $ 
ONLY 

PHOTOGRAPHY 
W edding debuts. 
532-9543 
All occasions 

BIAL (STATE 

JO I— R e d estate Notices 

TTMI 
P ro p e rt y O u t o f 
T o w n 
2o4 
Condowdnlwms 

2 O B . 

S I D 
212 
House* 
Northwest 
214 
No uses 
Southeast 
21 > 
Houses 
Southwest 

Dup l e KO* 
— H o u s e s — 
N o r the a s t 

W r e c k e d 
2 2 o — H o u se s f o r T ro d * 
2 2 2 — 
N U s c o la n o o u s R oo t 

224 
Hom os, Solo or 
Root 
226— Suburban 

22S— Resort Properties 
23o— LOH 
2 3 2 -Forms end Ranchos 
234 
Forme end Ranchos for Rent 
236— Commercial r I U|I9I I f ammmm >*#! rn 
231 
Cwnwtordol 
Property (Loose) 
24o ' Commo rein! 
Property (Wanted) 
242 
Industrial Property for Soto 
244 
Industrial Property 

FREE 

WATER REDS 

EXOTIC 

MASSAGES 
Given by the Foxiest G irls in San 
Antonio. Best place to Relax and 
Unwind. "F e e l Better F o st", Out­ side C ity L im its . O p en 1o:3o to 
3am. B ig D isco unts! N orth Side 
P AR IS R U B S , 492-2994 

6 .1 . 

SU New MeUco-CgUrado 
C harter your own flight $175 per person round trip (p arty of 6). 
F o r details, call (512) 844 3471. 
S E R I N G A N D S U M M E R good tim es a re herb. Tennis, fish in g , boating, sw im m ing at your own private park. F o r $2o8 down and 
$35-$5o m onthly, you get all tats plus your o w n 'ta cre and la rg e r t ra c t of la n d . 35 m in fro m a ll m alls. 494-3448 or 494-1274. Ask for 
Betty W eekends 497-3753. Ask for 
Norm an 

Top cash paid tor your old new ­ spapers and corrugated. 815 Ce- ralvo A P C O P A P E R S TO CK 
U b R I V E 6 U R C A R S 
A N Y C IT Y S H A R E G A S 
N A T., INC 
(713) 94o 1o3o 

1 1 8 -LODGE NOTICES 

SPECIAL 
M ost M assages ' i P ric e ! 1opm to 
4am. The Late Nite P la ce to be this w eek! 
P A R IS -R U B B , 
492-2994 

L E T N A N C Y H E L P y 6 u T H R U 
T H E N IT E . 1opm to 4am, P A R IS 
R U B S 492-2994_______ __________ 
M atchm aker Inc. 
Singles 18-8o yrs, m troducions 
344-1115,344 1125________ 
Meet me noon to 4pm , Betty Meet me from 4pm to 2am , E d ie tor d rin k s and d a n cin g . At the R e ­ sort, 4643 Randolph Blvd. between 
O 'Conner 8. Judson Rds_________ 

P O E M ! needed to be set to m usic. 
We otter $1o,ooo cosh a w ard s + ro y a ltie s and p u b lish in g . F o r a free evaluation send your poem s to C ountry C rea tio n s, Box 2oS7, 
Nashville, Tennesee 37214 

246— Industrial Property 

2 4 # — O ffic e S p a c e f a r 

25o— Office Space 

232— Beal estate Sell or 
Exchange 
254— Bael Estate Wanted 
256— Bael Estate 

25S— Bael Estate Leans 
Wanted 

■ (N T AIS 

3o2— Mobile Nome* for 
Bent 
14o1 — Apartments Fem. 
4o2— Housekeeping Apt. 
Fwm. 
. 4o4 
ApsetmswH, Unfwm. 
14o6 
Houses, Duplexes— 

4o1 
He uses, Duplexes— 
LW uotlkKtati 
VWHW vs 
41o 
Hemes, Bent ar Sell 
412— Booms, Furnished 
414— Booms, Unfurnished 
6— Beams with Board 
418— Want ta Bent ar 

BU I I N ! S S 
O P P O R T U N IT IE S 

S P R IN G S P E C I A L i P rice M as sage Fre e Sauna and W hirlpool. 
732-3361 Tokyo House 4218 Blanco 

 c h a r l e s w 
A n d e r s o n 
L O D G E No 1413, A F & A M , 13o6 E . 
G ra y s o n . Stated C o m m . T h u r s ­ day at 7:3o P M . M em bers urged to a tte n d 
V is it in g B r e t h r e n w elcome W. H. "B o b " L u k e r; W. 
G regg, Sec. 
M IR IA M R E B E K A H L 6 6 G E N o 
24, I O O F , R egular Session Th u rt. 
8 P .M . I O O F Hall, Crockett Hotel. ire n e P ic k a r d , N. G . 734-3365; 
V irg in ia Shields, Sec. 455-8o54. 
R A D IA N T C H A P T E R No 636, o. 
E . S. 1847 W. Huisache. Meeting 
1st and 3rd T h u r s d a y s . 8 P .M . 
Jane W oodbury, W M .; Florence 
Page, Sec. 
R E-G u T ^ r 
M r 
E T I N O S C 6 t - 
TISH R IT E B O D IES , Scottish Rite 
T e m p le , A v e . E a n d 4th S ts. 
Thurs. M a rch 3, 1977 at 7:3o P M 
J E d g a r M clntire, 32 Deg. K C C H , 
V e n e r a b le M a s t e r ; J a m e s N. 
P a x t o n , 32 D e g . K C C H , W ise 
M a s te r; S te rlin g V . B e rn h a rd , 
33rd Deg C om m ander; Fra n k S. 
Tnm sett 32 Deg. K C C H , M aster ot 
K adosh. Roy E . D unsm ore, 33rd 
Deg Sec. 
T R IU N E L d D G E N o 15. A F & A M . 
1914 B a s s e R d . S ta te d C o m m . 
T h u rs. 7:3o P .M . John H. A le x ­ ander, W .M .; Robert B ak er, Sec. 

E x p r e s s - N e w s — 
T h u r s d a y , M a r c h 3 , 1 9 7 7 
F ir s t P a g e 

KEM Villi COUNTRY 
HOME 

Within 2 miles of city limits, Ker­ rville Independent School District 
All electric. 2-story, 4 bedroom, 2 fti.l botas, 2 hor! baths large 
Homeroom could be used for 5th bedroom french Colonial archi­ tecture 
Heated swimming pool with I acres and horse bom. leoutifui view of volley and hills 
Mony more amenities 
NAYLOR REALTY INC 
P.O. Box SI 
Ingram, Tbxos 78o25 
PHOM: (512) 3*7-5318 lucille Kogan (512) 367-233o 
Doom# Smith 
(512) 367-5592 
W ii in tup urn* £ 
(512) 257-3o9o a 

21o - HOUSES NORTHEAST 
21o m s E s t u jjm m l l 
HOUSES NORTHEAST w h is k eo m m A si 

C O N D O M IN IU M PO R S A L E 
Ow ner Is desperate, wants $2,584 eaulty tor 3 bedroom , 2 bota con­ do m in iu m in T u rtle C re e k . A s ­ sum e balance of $33,888 ($18,o88 equity sacrificed for $2,5oo) 
34) 8134 
A B D O 
342rt>933 
C U ffe & C O iV tow nhom e with I c o n t ro l H A 
$1oo d o w n . $139 monthly. 
922-17o6, 
473-4714, 
674-75o9 

SU N (5 A Y ' I F e C IA l 7 ~H oIT"p r ic e 
M assage from 12-6. F re e Sauna. 
732-3361 4218 Blanco Rd 

T ftV O ur Sunday SIO s b E t l A L 
M A S S A G E ! 
C a ll 
1st fo r a p p o in tm e n t, we w ill be b u s y 
H a m to 
12pm. 
P A R IS 
H U B B , 
492-2994. 

1o8 LOST ANO FOUND 

F O U N D 
B o rd e r C o llie P u p p y, 
Blk with white paw s Colonies No area 696-173o; *96 5148 
Found 
M ale G erm an Shepherd, black-white. near 
Trin ity, 
822-7597. 
L O S T , b la c k m a s k e d , a p r ic o t m a le A fg h a n , S c h e r tz a r e a . 
Rew ord 494 5383________________ 
L O S T : B rit ta n y S p a n ie l te m , 
White and orange. E . Central rea. 
Ans, to Queen 448-1467 Rew ord 

Los) brown- white Pit Bull 'T e r­ rier Vicinity V alley Hi shopping center. Reward* *74-723o 

12o BIDS ft PROPOSALS 

L O S I: fem ale Lhasa Apse, whie with honey patches. V icinity Star- c re s t L o o p 
41o 
E . 
R e w a r d . 
342-3291 or 654-6347 

SOI ■ Bus low** 
OfPRoetxmitios 
SOS 
Bm Iw s» Oppor- 

5o4— Money to Lend 
5o6— Financial— In vest- 

SOB— OU I 
SIO— Money Wonted 
31J butruction* 
3 1 4 — I n s t r u c t io n s W a n t e d 

6o1 
Professional 
6 o2— Solos 
6o4— Technical 
6o 5 — Resume* 
6o6— Adndntstretlve— f IfWRWbC Lo! 
6 o8 
Se n atorial 
61o— Office A Clerical 

IM P LO T M IN T 
I L 

614— Skills-Trode* 
414— Feed Prink Services 
* 1 8 — Port Time 
62o— Help Wonted 
IRllSC R) tip ORI OU I 
6 22— Domestic 
624 — Situations Wonted 

L O S ? :in Northw ood areo^ ^mall long-haired m ale dog Tan-brow n w ith b la c k on e a r s a n d t a il. 
Nam ed 
"C u rle y ". 
R E W A R D ! 
822 179o 
L O S t .2-27-77 in Oak P a rk Sunset 
Rd are a G ray-w hite fem ale A la s­ kan M ala m u te !H u sk!* ) C hained c o lla r . A n s w e r s to 
'C h ill” o r 
"C hilita" Call 824-7437 
E S T Y " in $ 6 c a r e a : B e r m a n short-haired puppy w eoring blue nylon collar. R E W A R D ! 435-687o a lle r Spm 

L O S t : Long (laired Siam ese Cat 
Adult Fe m a le , E l D ora d o A re a , 
Lib eral Rew ard o24-8657________ 

L o s t : m ale Irish Setter, ta W rd . 
SO lbs, 3 yrs old. IH1o and Hilde- brond Jim 732-7o82 434-o321 
Lost m ixed B assett B row n with 

A U T O M O T IV I 
A l 

 w hite m a r k , re d c e lla r , n a m e 
•Critter" Vicinity of Old F a rm 2. 
R ew ard 657 1916 
L O S T : 4 m o 
A b r ic o ! i o lo r e d 
Afghan m ale R ew ard 349-8279 att 
5. 
Lest: N avy ID tag, K eys. Robert 
W enzel. o42-12-o5, *96-7o67. 

 l 6 I t S i A B K E Z A T T eT a# f '<7. one eyed. 492-23S7 
L A S T ' "sm 'o i r 'b r 'ow n "U m o le 
C h ih u a h u a , 
B e la t r e a r e a 
Rew ard. 
828 33*3. atter 
5. 
922-8o43 
L 6 s f tm o ll '8 o e k -<T-8<>d', blonde with black ears. I*> yrs. Vicinity 
P ark Village 3 oopm Feb 27. O N 
M E D IC A T I O N !? R E W A R D $1oo 
*$7-184$_________________________ 
L O S t : W o n d e rla n d A re a B la c k 
W allet No Money C a ll M r. Allen 
221-7411 ext 488 

 fiT I iY K fiS 
IT^cS 
T T T T T m e d iu m s iz e d re d d is h b ro w n , long haired m ale dog C ollar and tags Sunset R idge Apt areo off 
N 
New B ra u n fe ls 
R E W A R D - 
824o842, 824 4747 
M ISS ING i" ~ r~ 

System 

“ INVITATION TO BID" 

Notice ,1s hereby given that the San 
Antonio Transit System wit! receive bids for the sole to and purchase by the System of the following equip merit: 

Yard Lighting 
Shop Ventilation System 
Steam loom Ventilation 
Natural Gas Heater 

That sealed competitive bids therefore shall be delivered by bid den to the office of the Director of 
Purchasing of the 
San 
Antonio 
Transit System, *172o N 
Flores St., 
San Antonio, Texas 78212, that prior to the opening of bids Hie Director of. 
Purchasing shall moke available lo' 
E 

(dive bidders at said office, bid bid opening dates, specifica­ tions and other pertinent in­ formation obout said equipment and the form of soid bids. 

The San Antonio 
Transit, System reserves the right to M i ive it regularities ana to refed any or all proposals. Kidder s attention is colled to the fact that this prater* is funded by the United States Government and is required to comply with, in ad dition to other provisions of the plans 
■“ the following 

2o2 HOUSES OPEN 
2o2 mmm 

L o o k in g fo r a n e w h o m e ? 

T O D A Y S Y O U R LUCKY DAY 

 and specifications, 
Leifnmi DxMnlntutiw relief iii Keguranom 

(QUAI 
(MFIOYMENT 
OF- 
PoITUNITY 
Comrado! will be required to comply with oil ap­ plicable {qual Employment Op­ portunity Caw'' 

STATEMENT 
Of 
FINANCIAL 
ASSISTANCE: "This contract is sub joct to a financial assistance con- trad between the projed sponsor and the 
U.S. 
Deportment of 
Transportation ." 

INfllGIIU UDDERS: All bidders wilt be required to certify that they ole not on the comptroller 
General s list of ineligible bidders. 
The oho** requirements ore 
B 

 n in detail In Hie invitation to ond Specifications for Bids. 

E J . Jones 
Director of PwrdwMHf 
Sm Antonio Transit System 

High Country Estates 
6 5 6 -4 4 7 1 

541,15o to 553,4oo 
Nacogdoches at Judson 

M e a d o w W o o d N orth 
4 9 4 -6 1 6 3 

534,ooo to 541,45o 
Jones-Maltsbgr of Thous. Oaks 

The G re a t N o rth w est 
6 8 4 -1 1 2 3 

,5oo to 555,1oo 
FM 471 at Culebro 

• 
V A , 
F H A , 
C o n v e n t io n a l 
• 
F ir e p la c e s 

• D o u b le G a r a g e s • 
N o r t h 
E a s t o r N o r t h s id e 

S c h o o ls 

O 

Coates Development Co. 

C o u rtesy to Brokers 

 f *5 r " s a l e "B 'y o w n E r ~'<1 on- dom inium 
C olonies N orth a re a 
2-2. AH e le t. k itc h e n . W a sh e r- ] dryer connections. Covered patio. 
Lots of storage 342-8318 atter 4: 
M A R Y M 6 N f 
A R ? A~5 io m o'r~ous 
Tow nhouse 3 -2 'i, m a ste r suite dow n. 3 c a r g a ra g e . 826-2439, 
Jones-Ktng R ealtors 
________ 

S E N E C A E S T A T E S 

3 bedroom , J' i bota, luxury 2 sto ry To w nho use, 2 c a r fin ­ is h e d g a r a g e . 
$4o,$oo. 
684 o711, 484 8311, 344-4397 

W O O D B R ID G E T O ^ N H b M E S 
In-Town 
Location. 
Super 
Am enities 
31o2 Eisenhauer________ 826 43o1 

WOODSTQNE 
Country and ca refree living can be yours today See these exciting new townhomes with gorgeous hill co u n try view . N o rth w e st a re a near U TSA and U SA A . $38,7o8 to 
$48,4oo. Only 5°» down with one year buy back plan. F o r details, call 69o-1192. 
Naylor Realty Inc 

2o8 APARTMENTS DU PL£XE S 

AAA INVESTMENT 
19 unit money m aker, sea m eters, oft I SOO blk Broadw ay. 826-2o5o 
By Ow ner, Colonial brick Town- house duplex 
N e o r M c C re le s s. 
A ttra c tiv e w ell kept p ro p e rty . 
$55,988. 534-3o75 

NEW EXCLUSIVE AREAS 

• W HISPERING O A K S » CO U N TR Y SID E 

• H u m e * * D M M * ' 
PRESTIGE HOMES 
♦ f'hst-oik tot MSd (MMRNXONPR^m 
♦ 
Wftl m * RHB* tHHHB 
♦ t* I* * * i i * 
_ 
*5^5 

• «*£et $.ro.£*ra$ta».e*e 
^ 

 cttstttjn fetvHd* choosi wh'.. if’WS 

$7,ooo CASH DOWN 

BUYS 63 UNITS 

LUCY STAGGS 822-1383 
N O R T H T O W N R E A L T Y 

Pfti-O W NiD HOMES 

DldSlONS-DiClSlONS! 

Choose between these I homes, ready to welcome o new family '3 and 4 bedrooms with 2 living a reas-1 with hreptote. (heed to sell Kites 824 9818 
- 

A TINE beginning 
SIERRA NORTH 

3 Bedrooms, new on market. NC schools Immaculate Priced to sell 
$23,5oo Kites 826-7768 
EASY LIVING lovely 3-2-1 on quiet street in Sun 
Gate. Beautiful new wall paper and cornet fully equipped kitchen, len­ ten yard. Many owner added ex­ tras 
Ask us obout this one! 
$27,2oo flites, 494 2191. 

WOW!!! 

Younger then springtime and just as fresh. 3-2-2, with bonus room far game roam or formal dining. 
Fireplace and redwood covered patio. Kites, 824-9818 

LITTLE AND LOVEABLE 

BARGAIN 
2 bedroom, 
I both, carport, carpeted faruout. 
New double oven New roof, Alamo Hgts schools Kites, 822 9438 

ASSUME 6% VA 

(harming 3-2*2, in established orca. Under $3o,ooo. Much tender a 

 cate Walk to elementary 
. $155 55 mo 
Kites 658- 
1428. 

LOVER S DELIGHT 

Ever popular Dakota Plan, 3-2-2, oversized family room with fireplace 
Good equity. 
Quick possession Kites 826 7668 

NEWT a n d 2 STORY 
HOMES 
NORTHERN HILLS 

$33,6oo fa $36,45o. 3 ond 4 bedrooms, immediate occupancy. 
Excellent view in beautiful 
Northern Hills setting. Carpeted and 2 cor garage 

ROYAL RIDGE 

I and 2 Story, $43,5oo fa $49,15o. 
3 and 4 bedrooms, cornered, 2 cor goroges. Beautiful neighborhood 

D A Y O R N I G H T 
6 5 5 -6 8 4 8 

I T M I r t u x I 

( s o u t h w e s t 

 r e a l t y 

SELECT YOUR AREA AND PRICE RANGE I 

Here are Several Northeast Properties of the Many 
Available to Show you. 

B R O O K W O O D 
E nor­ m ous 
3 bedroom , 
2 bath with fireplace. 
M am m oth cove red patio. 
Ray 
Ellison 
C ele brity Plan. 

W O O D L A K E 
S h a d y L a k e D r. 

6 7 1 5 
Charm ing 
3 bedroom , 2 bath, covered king-size patio. 
M a n y a d ­ d itional features. 
O p e n term s. $ 4 o ,4 5 o . 

C A M E L O T ll - Better than new 3 bedroom , 2 both, 2 living areas. 
A steal at 
$ 3 4 ,5 o o 

C A M E L O T king with c bedroom s, 
$ 3 3 ,6 7 5 . 

II 
- 
Fit for a large fa m ily 1 4 
2 baths. 

C A M E L O T ll • Charm ing 3 

 b edro om , 2 bath hom e with 

 fam ily, kitchen and all a p ­ 

 pliances. O p e n Terms. 

T H E G L E N 
• Dehghtful 
3 b edroom , 
2 Vt bath tow nhom e. 
Priced to sell- 
$ 2 6 ,o o o 

E A S T 
TE R R E L L 
H IL L S 
• 
C o m fo rtable 3 bedroom , 2 both hom e with fireplace. 
P riced in the low 2 o ’ s. 

K I R B Y 
- 
2 5 1 3 
S c o t s ­ m a n . 
The one you have been w aiting for! 
3 bedroom s, 
I V* bath, separate living ond dining room s. $ 2 3 ,5 o o 

FOR DETAILS AND VIEWING 
CALL 653-o57o ANYTIME 
WORLD WIDE REALTY 

$ 1 M O V E IN V A 

CONVfNTIOIIAL 5% DOWN 

Ne Peymewt TW April ’77 

We here several 3 bedroom plans. 

$ 2 8 , o o o - 8 3 4 , 9 5 o 

AU HORAH FEATURE: 
✓ 1oo% Brick Construction 
Handcrafted - Wood burning Fireplace ✓ Energy 
✓ Saving Potkoge p " Cor 

 pet 
Central heot-otr 
Deluxe Magic Chef oil Electric 
Kitchen ✓ 2 Cor Corage 
5 F (MURSHED AAOOEIS 

O P E N 9 - 9 
W O O D S T O C K 

> 
‘ c a l l 
1 JOHN GILLIAM 
6 5 6 -5 4 7 4 
_ 

* 

CAMELOT ll 

JUST LISTED! Lovely 4 bedroom, 2 

 bath on large corner lot. 

Cathedral ceilings in family room 

 ond breakfast area. Fireplace. 

Priced right 
Call ta see soon. 

$41,ooo Kites 655-2394 

NAYLOR REALTY 
GALLERY OF HOMES 

656-552o 691-1121 341-9191 

8326 GLEN ECHO 

4 Bedroom home in Camelot - 
$24,9oo Immaculate condition 2 bath, 2 garage, privacy fenced, covered potio 
Assume VA loon with payments at $263 per mon th 653 43SO 

DEANIE 
OWENS CO. 

REALTOR— AALS 

Waft am id . Oh. 

6518 ROBIN FOREST 

LOW EQUITIES $66oo CAMELOT ll 

3 bedrooms, 
2 baths, stone fireplace, loads of carpet! See today! 
6 5 3 -4 3 5 o 

DEANIE 
OWENS CO. 
REALTOR-AALS 

Watiem Rd. Oft. 

KIRBY 
5o14 TOM STAFFORD 

3-2-1 with m any extras. 
Freshly painted a n d can be yours for 
$ 2 4 ,o o o . 
C a ll N o w ! 

653-435o 

Beanie Owens 

Co. • Reefier 
Woburn Rd. Oft. 

- + 

; : : y a r d! 
A n d the h o m e c o m a s w ith itl 
I Lo v ely 3 b e dro om in W oodlake with m any extras. P riced below m arket tor quick sale. 

828-6391 Anytim e 
Beanie Owens On 
R eoltors-NE Loop ole 

(REGENCY) 

New on market, 5 bedrooms or 4 

 pi s study. 3 baths, single living 

 area, 4ox2o heated pool, auto 

 sprinkler, many other extras, (alt 

 frank 
Rotondi 
341-9191, 
Niles 

344 1932 
NAYLOR REALTY 
GALLERY OF HOMES 

341-9191 691-1131 656-557o 

D U P L E X !8 i* 'N'. Pine 
V A Approved, $16,o8o, 876-2o5o 

A B E A A r i t a b l g R T A W l S A L L 
B eautiful 4 bedro om . O nly $3o9 down, H U R R Y ! 922-17o6, 673-4714, 
676-7So9 
I 
P A T M C V E Y R E A L E S T A T E 

124 LEGAL NOTICES 
2o1 - REAL ES I AIL BUIICtS 

GOOD INVESTMENT 
$-1o or 22 oppartm enl unit. Govt, program . 
Sure income. 
Nites, 
73$ 4128, 
349-4343 or 349-3S3S Anytim e 
Beanie Owens Co 
R E A L T O R S Blonco Rd Ole 

LARGE CORNER DUPLEX 
Includes q a ra q e opt T o tal rent 
145o. Separate m eters V e ry aood shape W oodlawn area 
G R A C E L A IR D 736 423$ 7344oo7 
L A R G E D U P L E X 
Near bus and shoopina 
227-o227 
Watson A Son 
732 241S 
-------------LIQ U ID A TIN G------------- 
Ow ner selling duplex, com pletely rem odeled, seldom vacant, excel-' lent location Bettor h urry. 
349-1479 
Hector J. H erbeck Inc., R ealtors 

M A ft H lE ld liT h f ? r : JCP, in He rita g e F a rm s . O n ly $32$ dow n, 
$272 mo. 
J B J R E A L T Y *74 8883 Anytim e 
H E Aft S t : M A r V s---------- 
F U R N . D U P L E X , alw ays rented 
Ow ner will c a rry with aood term s. 
Walk to St M a rys. 118.ooo 
R E A L T O R 
6*1-13oo 

BY OWNERS 

GO O D A S S U M P T IO N 
4 Bedroom s. 2 baths, cent. Heal ond air. G a s range, dishw asher, disposal 
125,ooo 
341-2222 
Anytime. 
Century 21 
R A Y T E A L , R E A L T O R S 

F R E E R efe rra ls to other homes 
" F o r Sale By Ow ner" 342 9393. 
San Antonio Hom eow ners Assoc 

Bargain Hunter's Special 
No down p a ym en t, a h yo n e can buy. 3-4 bedroom s, 2 baths, some 
I with a ir ond all appliances. F irst paym ent In M ay 
B O B D e P A O L O 
344 3o91______________ R E A L T O R 

BEAUTIFULLY CLEAN 
| 2 Story, lust North of Ft Som 2too sa ft living area with fireplace, 
' central air ond heat 3 bedroom s, 
I I fa baths, fo rm al dining and de- 
| ta ch e d g o ra g e w ith e ffic ie n c y a p a rtm en t. $35,ooo, by appoint- 
' m en! only 

San Antonio Real Estate 

3234 West Ave 

349-6531 a F A U TI F oY ' «T T ~n ' I " ' School district. Only $24$ month. 475-1491 
*23 $72o, *74-1777 
P O IN T E R R E A L E S T A T E 

B a f feuY -|k-T5 w T n ~7 -6- pTr sqti Appraised 131,15o 3-2, huge den. Nites *53 o9o2 
Century 21 
TR IC O , R ealtors 349-6491 

B y O w n e r- 2 s to ry 3-2fa-2, in 
Cam elot ll. Living room with fire­ place. den with wet bar. All elec­ tric kitchen with breakfast area 
C a th e d r a l c e ilin g * . L a r g e u p ­ sta ir* m a tte r suite. C o rn e r lot with p riv a c y fence 
Assum ption with equity o refinance 454-o226 
B Y O W N E R -T e rre lt H ills *Must 
! S e ll b e fo re M a r c h 1st 
$4ooo. i u nd er a p p ra is a l. $$2,ooo. 3 be 
1 droom. 2 bath, plus 7oo sq H. un-1 finished storage 834-o**6. 

BY OWNER-WINDCREST 
: Being transferred, must sell, last 
I chance lo save realtors com m is lio n 
4 b e d ro o m , la rg e fa m ily I 
. room with cathedral ceiling, fire : 
I p la c e , r e a r p a tio v ie w s H ill; 
I C o u n try 
$9o7 W in d in g R id g e , 
: $o1,9oo No ag ents, By appoint-; 
; rn en! *53-7271. 

GOOD BUY 
In W indcrest, 2 bedroom , I bath, sunroom and hobby roam $47,ooo 
34 hr 
Service 
»$$ SUI 
R E A L T O R S 
VIR G IN IA C E R V E N K A 
KEY GROUP 

G O O D K I T C H E N in this la rg e 
4-2-2 in Liv e Oak. C overed polio ort kitchen and patio ort bedroom . 
14x1$ fam ily room with beautiful fireplace P riced lower than com parable in orca. R eady to m ove in Coll 828 $19$ Now R E A L T O R S 
RED CARPET 

BY O W N ER , 3 yrs. Old. 7>4%VA, 
3-2-2, ^ m a son ry, firep a ce. I liv ­ ing area, privacy fence, walk-up ante, $37,ooo, *56-2o98___________ 

S2o CLOSING COST 
M ove in 3 B ed ro o m s, 1 'ib a th s , 
$157 pius taxes and in su ra n c e . 
824-4521, *74-o744_______________ 

G R E E N F I E L D 
V I L 
L A G E . . 'T H E ' prestige arco of 
S ch e rtz, h a s a b e a u tifu l. 4 be droom . 2 bath hom e with a tile e n t r y , liv in g , d in in g , fa m ily rooms F I R E P L A C E ! 
144,5oo 
R E A L T O R S 
*$o-7oo7 

ROLLING RIDGE 
FIRST OFFERING 
Preferred st hoofs + communrty pool 4- Medical Cantel area * a cinch to please far this 3 bedroom home in the upper 3o s. 
Kinosiie - Poor price: Rust see 
1982 sq. ft to appreciate ap­ lite) in Glen Oaks of $39,ooo 
699-1ooo 
{Beanie Owens 

CO. - HALTON 
I 
Turtle Creek Oft 
J 

MISSION HILLS 

See this beautiful ond unique home TODAY! 3 bedrooms, 2 jiut bath, am urn, formal living and dining rooms, fneplot* in family room TOO DELUXE TO DESCRIBE 
Priced in the low SOY Nites, (oil 
349 1991 

NAYLOR REALTY 

GALLERY OF HOMES 

 eei-iiti Mi-et*i *$*-»n 

"JUST LISTED” 

TOI — Amiqiiei -Collector* 
7 o 2 - 2 3 6 — 
S p ir t s , F o re ig n 

7 3 o - 7 4 3 - < w » — F a r o r Trawl 
7 4 4 — C w t e e ils t d C e n — 
Sp e e d t o t in g (q u ip 
-m e rit* * C o m m e rx ig l 

T A B 
M g egrr y cig* 

I AO— Wonted-A*rtw*. 
Trucks, Tr ad e r*. 

 old collie, ron". R ew ard $33-838o 
Ba 

S5U REWARD 
Fo r mlo. leading to the return of 
Beautiful la rg o Pluck ond It. Ian 
G e rm a n S h e p h e rd H u s k y 
A p ­ prox. 2 y rs. B ock paw has one ex tra long toenail. Lo st T rin ity 
U n iv e rs ity A re o . Sun. F e b . 2o 
Coil 716-4418 or 923-4541 
$ i ut ft fe w A f P ' T T J 'T 77 oia 'wK^e fe m a le poodle on H a m m o n R d noar U T S A 4*6 112* 

Th* Northside Independent School 
Ontrict writ be occepfina sealed bid proposals at th* Office of the Director of Purchasing, 59oo Leers load. Son 
Antonio, 
Texas 
28238 far th* purchase of the items listed below. lids will be accepted until the date and time indicated on tach item 

Monday, March I, 1977 
1o 3o ani 

 football Gome Jerseys 
Wednesday March 9, 197/ 
1o 3o am 

Repair of Sousaphonts 
Wednesday. Moich 9, 1977 
I 3o pm 

 lid forms and specifications may be obtained by 
(ontoctmg the 
Purchasing 
Office 
North mo* 
In­ dependent Sc hoe! Dittm I at 681- 
o33o o Exth2 o 

IS 
P U B L I C 
N O T I C E 

K g r g b y g iv e n t h a t a n 

 t h e 1 o ffs D a y o f M a r c h , 

1 9 7 7 a t 
I SOO 
P .M . 

T o o ls a n d 
H o u s e h o ld 

 g o o d s w ill 
Im s o ld a t 

P u b lic A u c t io n a t M in i - 

S t o r a g o 
N o . 
S . 
8 7 7 1 

C r o w n M I I , S a n A n t o n io , 

T e x a s , u n le s s 
I n d e b t ­ 

 e d n e s s is se x tisfle d b y 

( h o t d a t e . 

L o ( N o . 

L ( d . 

1 5 4 - F u n W a s h 

V . H e r x o g , M a n a g e r , 

M i n i - S t o r a g e # 4 

N O V IC E IS H E R E B Y G IV E N IN 
A C C O R D A N C E W IT H S e c tio n 
$4.1 IOC af the Texas W ater Cod*, that the B o a rd of D ire c to rs of 
E n c in o P a r k M u n ic ip a l U t i li­ ty,D istrict No I. of B exar County 
Texas has established a meeting place in the conferanc* room rn the o ffic e s et V tc k ro y and A s ­ sociates, Inc, Suite 1o9, 7334 B la n­ co R d. San A ntonie, T e x a s and 
! such meeting place is outside the d is tric t 
H 
D a w so n W a k e fie ld , 
I J r., P re s id e n t, B o a rd of D lre c- j tors. E n c in o P a r k . M U D No I, 
Bexar County. Texas 

P U i l i r W 6 t l C E is hereby a ry ™ that on the lit h D a y of M a rch , 
I 1977 contents et tacker No 11o. in the nome of John Cooley, will be sold at P ublic Auction ot I: OO P M at Pioneer Store and Lock C o m ­ pany, M IS I H 3$ North, San An 
Ionia, Texas unless indebtedness is vat tithed by taut Pete 
______ 

VA SALES LISTINGS fquel Housing Opportunity 
Correction horn 3-277- 
291747 - Th* following omrtted in er­ ror: 
A l 

2o99$ 
A l 
34569o 
A l 

U S O 

MEW BUSINESS 
7o14 (astfaridg* 
RASO 
1318 Boy Horse 
RASO 

3 2 2 

$24,ooo 
3-1'/SO 
$4o,5oo 
3 2 2 

7 S 2 — -O o e o c o i A u te 

7 S 4 — 
Three— 
F e t a - 
A t C D B T I RI 

T S * — 
A u te , 

7 SB 

REWARO 
L O S T : F e m a le N o rw e g ia n E lk ­ hound married " P e rk y " near 113* 
Club on R iver W alk, lp m Fo b I 
Chorio* PKO *5* 3521 

B O B — 8p e rrin g D e e d * 
B O B — 
I he irin g A FUN tag 

M o g le I K O M IS 

REWARD-Lost DOU $1oo for information leading lo return of b la c k D o b e r m a n P in s c h e r n a m e d 
C lo s s a r '', I 'r y r * eld 
V e ry big B lo ck with ton m a rk 
■nos ond trim m ed oars W earing le a th e r c o lla r and ro b le s tag 
M issin g since tu n F eb It in OI m o i Park Area. C all 834 *1(1 or 
822 o862 

R T W if f B 'H TosirSm ofrBog M ixe'd 
C hihuahua, M in ia tu re P m tch e r, 
Camelot ll orea, Ans to P oncho 
Cottar, bobbie that *54-8136 

P O X — t r i l dta g i 
P O S — 
P o rta b le 
PO T — fu rn itu re 

B l A— Flee Meetcee* 

9 1 4 — A n t ir a '*■ 
I U 
— 
A r b , C ra H s , i m p art* g i g — 
Cetae A Jew*atap 
♦AQ 
C a nep in 
Fb e N 

♦AB 
M e d ita e r y — 

P A O ta— v t dbl 

— tee** 

H O -SHOW NOTICES 

A fi,«,<;<• vleans itagat-d aro'in'v and sewers best plum bing re p air , too One c a ll does it oil. p ric e s b e fo re we sta rt 
Seven d a y s a wee* Call anytim e 341-4124 or the white popes tor A A Queer 
Alm ost F roo t r e m p or lotion- 
To Cleveland. Now Y ork, D enver, 
D C ., P hilidelabia Call 224 >221 

ATTENTIOR PHYSICIANS 
R etired p h ysician w ishes to soil comtitMe surgeons office setup at m o d e rn o ffic e tu rn itu ro (v e ry beautiful) p lu s cem p ieto set of su rg ica l in stru m en ts finest that con be bought som e e n g ra ve d , som* not Com plete office can sot up any G en eral P ra c titio n e r or 
Surgeon W ILL S E L L O N L Y AS 
S IN G LE BIO C en be seen of 3M 
Woter S i, Kerr Ville, t to 5 doily 
Cab M r Bock, 257 l i l t tor appl 
Bids open on M a rch 5 ond aH will be void lo tao tug hest 

BARBERS 
B A R B E R B O A R D Will meet Sun day Fob ll al lp m Lew is B arber 
College *286 > Flores 924 3688 

The $outa Texas Aiea Ex­ change, 
Lackland 
Aw force lev*, faros, offers far sale two 

 h i ^Ic !ood ialef mq wlin sc: 
Prospective hidden may obtain bid farms, a listing of equip­ ment, ond inspect sam* by con­ tacting Mi 
Joseph N Godwin, 
Bldg 5o66, lock land Af!, loxes, horn ADO a m to 9 OO o rn, 7 
Mar 77 through 9 Mer 77 Sooted bids will be received in taphole ai lackland AFB. Bldg 
21o1. 
Lockland 
Aft, faros, 
78236, until 4oo p m , l l Moi 77 Th* 
Exchange reserves the right ta 
■elect any end aH bids terms 
CASH' 

2o1 
REAL ESTATE NOTICES 

A T T E N T I O N ! G O V T O W N E D 
H O M M S a rc ab gvor town, down p a y m e n t s , $28 a n d up 
C a ll 
G R E A T E R 
V A L U E 
R E A L T Y , 
6S16I43 

A lle n to n 1 Before you buy or sell ring Bell. We buy to m tits Cash 
B E L L R E A L T O R S 122 949$ 

 a v F 
O b l e $i$6.666 "'5u,ck coTR 
•or houses or e q u itie s 
We pay clo sin g too! P a st S e rv ic e ! Any orea, condition or sn*. Ask for 
Adolph 
A L L S T A T E R E A L T O R S 
433 229$ or 821 4117 nrtes 

Statement requited, ownership and operability of rang* ond oven unknown 

Subject lo thong* rn price, prior sol* rn withdrawal at any fan* without notice Offers to aurchos* will not be accepted where rh* braker has failed to submit to VA a signed cooy of VA form 26-8138 
Joint HOD VA non dtscnmtnohon certification. Th* best qualified offer wiH be accepted from taos* received within 5 work days ti ta* public appearance of th* in­ itial or revised lifting Solos com mission on SH pf spies, payable on closing. 

OfFOS M OW ED 
2113o/Hodsdon 7111o Artmiega 
Hooker 71o84 Defoolo 
19777 Slater 2o144 (vans 
268994 Fortuna Slater 
2689o9 lantern 277941 Gilbert 
2683o5/Frunedo Stater 
Bef oota McV.y 267oo3/fox-lobo 

 o h h b A t a m e 
346451 togo* 32I8SI lost! 
37933/ Dorado 78D77l/McV*y 

OWER lU iC T iD 
2o/62 Gooraiez 

C O DO M B MOOERS O M V 

o 1 
Bath lawn & Country 
L r 
C l l I l i r 
V 
Z 
I 
; Yes, you con hove your c o k f w eat ii tool All the beauty of 
E L A I N E LU D W IG A ASSOC 

$26(LDDD NUTE CASH 
Trade tor Real Estate 

LOCY STASIK 822 1383 
N O R T H T O W N E R E A L T Y 

SAN PEDR8 HILLS 

TOWNHOUSES 
Low equity available on a super attractive I bedroom . 2 bath with fir e p la c e , wet b a r, a n d t re llis covered patio, ond on a bio 3 be droom. 2 bath I story with lots of extras Also available 2 bedroom , 
2’ > baths. 2 story with wet bor. f ir e p la c e , u t ilit y ro o m a n d sp a cio u s patio U n d er c o n s tru c ­ tion, alt new ttylot from $1574 sa ft to 195$ sa ft with back yard and attached garages. 
Call 349 1436 Anytim e 
BASSE WEILBACHER 
INC, R E A L T O R S ________ 
I unit apartm ent house 22 PiCk- ney. Owner willing to take in du­ plex on trad* 
*84-4211 or 7$I 9943 
P I O N E E R R E A L T Y 
* U N i t 
Aft' * R T M tT K ’f - ' i>Tu"s va ca n t lot. 2-story, ex cep tio n a l condition. IO**, occupied, s e p a r­ ate motors 
24 C om plex** a v a ila b le thruout 
San Antonio from 5 thru 232 units, motels also avaitabH e 
C all for details 
Tatar View lac 7326157 
14 Unlls, excellent to* shelter and cosh flow 824-o3o1 eves________ 
’ Young responsible investor wonts to buy 2-35 older units from re tir­ ing owner P atrick 142-3473. 

Yes, you can have your cake and eat it too! All the beauty of the country setting, yet w ithin m in ­ utes of shopping and N E . schools. 
LO W eauity, paym ents under 
53oo 
656-3ooo A n y tim e 
Beanie Owens Co 
R E A L T O R S P errin Bertel Ofc 

C O LO N IE S N O R T H S U M M IT 
2 story co lo n ial!24o8 s o ft.), den. 
I larg e g a m e ro om , $51,ooo. 1oSo7 
I Pinedale. 696-7143. 
C O N T E M P O R A R Y I 2 2 
F u lly i 
; carpeted, built ins, N .E . Schools. i S3.OOO equity, $281 mo Coli 
I N T E R S T A T E 828 o755 Iii 8 pm 
; 
C O N V E N I E N T TO R A N D O L P H . 
: Spanish contem porary 4 2-2, for ' m a l d in in g ro o m , sunen liv in g i room, artist's loft, 2o x IO fam ily 
I room, fireplace, heot-air, and up 
I p iia n ces. A ssu m e or re fin a n ce 
Will trade on sm oller home 
B O B O eP A O LO 
344 1o9! 
R E A L T O R 

Alam o Heights older home, neor s c h o o ls . L a r g e ro o m s , h ig h ceilings, central air-heat 2 P lu s 

H A V E IT Y O U R W A Y 
V A . F H A , I 
Conv , or owner will finance at B% I *Y - \ 
^ with 5°» down. This better than 
8zz l3 o i, nites 828 45o8 new 12 2 near Randolph is priced ' below V A appraisal Coll now tor appt to see 
828 8195, R E A L T O R S 
HARTMAN REALTORS 

RED CARPET 

H E A T E D P O O L ♦ 3-2-2 ca rp el, 
2o' living room, p riv a cy fence 
ROSSI R E A L T Y 
494 77») 

JUST LISTED 

21o HOUSESWRTHEAST 

- rifcaftfftTVSWkERT----- 
We only charge $3oo com m ission tor selling hom es re g a rd le s s of p rice C H A R L E S W A T T S R E A L 
E S T A T E 
712 I t l l , 
111 S i l l , 
: 732-6514 O P E N 24 Hour* o D ay, I 
Days a Week f t E M f i r f i i k t U 6 g f i t K f '~ ' 
Have our p rofessional start hon die you rental p roperty C all tar details today 
534 8624 
Nit** *9* 1484 

>25-2191 
FRANCES LEVENSON 
1191 
A N Y T IM E 
712 
712-4951 

BUY EQUITY! 
Sharp I bedroom . I beth. Assum e 
7% V A loon w ith $129 m onthly paym ent Built in kitchen, fenced y a r d , c o n v e n ie n t to sh o p p in g m oll. 
SIO.5o8 
142 4177, nile*, 
144 $171 
| 
B I L L S O U T H E R N R E A L T O R 

B Y 6 W kl ft ft 'A'ft'E Iii T . "ft ad e c o r b I 
' cd 2-1-den, 335 Te akw oo d , new roof, Central air 529,9oo t i l 3o41 

 i v owner, air. near school, fenced. 451 9199, *«8 2344 

---------------6 y S E W ER--------------- 
B ea u tifu l 12o y r. old hom e 
All m o s o n ry , h ig h c e ilin g s , 2 tire- 
> places, central heal air, 4 rooms, nice yard, p riv a cy fence. Umque- 
M ust see to appreciate. 71* oo12 arter I IO l r owner, 3 2 2. hefter fhon new, fireplace, covered patio, fenced, garden kitchen. $13,95o. *51 7S12. 
I V 6 w ta E ft g A f i e i o r T i - f i T large living area, firep la ce, din mg, large kitchen, breakfast area, 
I carpeted, fenced $$7oo eguity ond 
$277 m e Atter 5 pm. 451-SOSI 

 a v 6 w ta E R ':~ r n 
- cTntr'a r C T 
Oh. NE schools $33,ooo *53 1728 

I B y ow ner, ^ l i, cut de sac, cen frat oir, carpet, term s 141 9181 or 
124 1o14 
6 V 6 w ta E a f r B 'o ro d o o H ro cfiv e 
Investment. 4-2 2. patio. P riv a c y lence, custom drapes 7% $$1,8oo 
*$6-o791 
A V 6 M t T i i i 6 i ro u .tv 'o r b e 's' i otter on 12 2, located in B rook wood, a d ia c e n t to W in d cre st * mo OM. M ust sell *$6-o167 
B V A w n e r . '*too equity 

"ALAMO HEIGHTS 
Get the grand habit et collecting 
. . 
. . rent instead of p aving it! Start S z z Z lZ l with this prim * investm ent 4 unit a p a rtm e n t. N e a r s c h e a lt, only 
$41 OOO 
No showing on M on. or 
Tues. o22-31*1 

1oo^ b r ic k , lik e new 1 2 2. p r iv a c i tenet Huge hying area plus roc! fireplace te a m ceilings, compte raiy carpeted. 
Total 
*4o,ooo 

CONVERSE 
I bedroom . I club bath, central air heat 
144-42*8 
141-4$** 
***$7*8 
CONNALLY 
R E A L E S T A T E INC. 
C O U N T R Y LIV IN G with city con venience! Custom built hom e has pool, patio and c a b a n a ...fo rm a l living, dining rooms ..fam ily room with firep lace, g am e room with wet b o r! 4 bedroom s, I 1! baths. 
Totally carp eted 1 On approx *• of on a c r e 
( T R E E S 1) $99,5oo 
R E A L T O R S 
*53-7141 
Guy Chipman Co 

C U S T O M B U ILT 
4 2 'i-l. 2 story, h o b b y sh o o , c a r p e t + t e r r o z o 
1*2.9oo Call 
I N T E R S T A T E o18-o755 til I pm 

CUSTOM FEATURES ” 
In Bristol Floe* 3 bdrm . I1 a bain. bv owner, new. fireplace, par que I flo o rs, ced a r su n d e ck, c a rp e ts 
Com 211 oo75, 824 7 6o3 tor opp t 

HARTMJU8 REALTORS 

 before you s u i 
Century 21 s m a k e a C A S H o tter ta r t n e m t o p s 
L e i us m a k e a C A S K o fter tar your home or equity C all now* 
The 
H om e m e n 
OSS-HOI 

B uy R e a l I sla t* , fo re c lo s u r es 
Cheap 
S u b sc rib e F o re c lo s u re s 
-I Report 221*99o 

W A K E F I E L D R E A L T O R S 
T flftft fffA W M fa flV i o l t r o n a ; bedroom 
33oo service agency for m ater bronds ot m ow ers O w ner will a ssist m 

BID IN V IT A T IO N 
T M San A n to n io U n io n Ju n io r 
College D istrict is ac cageling bids tar parking decal*- Bid* must Be submitted no lalei than M a rch 8, 
1977 al 2 OO p rn 
S p e cifica tio n s mo* be obtained in Pletcher A d ­ m in istra tio n C e n te r, R oom IO*. 
I IOO San P edro Avenue P m m ore in fo r m a tio n , c o n t e c t 
M a r y 
Brogan, 73* 731 1, ext 421 

S e in e d b id p r o p o s a l* w ill be received bv the B oard af Trustees et the N o rth E a s t Ind ep end ent 
School D istrict tor the co n stru c­ tion et ten (IO) A u x ilia ry C la ss room B uild ing s (P g rtaB le Build is) M onday 2 OO p rn . M ach 14 

CASH for H O M ES 
We Buy H O M E S and E Q U IT IE S 
Honest. E ffic ie n t, and P ast S e r­ vice 
W e p ay a ll C lo sin g Costs. 
CaH Tony or Bernice. 141 4114 
S P E C I A . R E A L T O R S 

 tra in in f qualified buyer R O H D E 
B U S IN E S S B E O K E E S *** 5311 

W A N T E b . eq u ity in NS house 

I T S W N E f i--------------- 
3-2-3, firep la ce, cen tra l h ea l a ir, 
Alam o Hats Schools 82o 5(14 

B Y <$WNEft': T i r 4 o F r c o v e r s p a tio w ith s k y lig h ts , g u tte r s , , privacy tence, turbo vents, utility re a m . p a n ele d g a ro p e , storag e 
" B l EBBA U C I P U T C " 
(ro o m 
W a lk 
Ie M o n t g o m e r y 
A L A W I] n t l b n l o 
H e m , ride to ethers No agents 
Buy the key to future security and Pteose SI4,$*o *56-4118 ort 
5pm com m unity influence See this 4 wkdys, att day wknds 
A V 6 * t a r ft S r " r . ^ l d 'Village. 4 ja r $, 2 2, 2788Sg.PI, '» o cre lot. luxury featuro*. P re listing B a r­ gain, Below m arket *15 1*41. b v 6 J ib e f t ~ “ 
, b r r n ~ o 7 deled, ell drapes, new gas range. 
$11*8 or 
317-6411 ie$$. No agents pleas* 

W rU BUY YOUR HOME 
Per cash Post Service Will trode 
B O B O e P A O L O 
144 JOSI 
E E A L T Q R 

 sa (I. Call for details ( l l IM I 
HARTMAN REALTDRS 

ALAMO HEIGHTS 
FIR S T O F F E R I N G 
This it one et the hard te hn d ’ kind! 3 bedroom s. 2 baths, fam ily room pius en enclosed laiousied perch, living room with fireplace, separate dining, kitchen with bay I 

 la rg e covered pall*, la rg e b e a r­ ing pecan trees, 64l-tSl$ aft 5pm wkdys, all day wknds 
______ 

By owner. i- i- £ in O ly m p ia , for m a l liv in g ro o m , d in in g ro o m com bination, den and b rea kfa st window, central heat and oir M id I ****** eguity end assum e 7% VA 

 mas) 
1977 
B id sp ecifications and d ra w in g s m ay be picked up alter paym ent e l SIS oo d e p o s it p r ie r to bid uoenma OI the otacc of ta# Otrec tor et Purchasing, N E 

F O R Y O U R H O M E OR 
W E P A Y A L L C LO S IN G CO STS 
924-413t 
H U G H E S A B R ISC O E dash tor your N orfbside equity 
L o rry B ornebevM I 441$, 664 7*85 

CUSTOM BUILT HOMES 

696771o 

• O O IT Y 
• M V P A V l f H I I Aw n w u , ' 5 1 j r n i n h e m e , ne d o w n p a y m e n t lo en anyone’ Paym ents less than rent 
Lloyd M ontgom ery 
65IJ6o4 

 r n m m t m 
_ 

Sen 
I. S D , 
Antoma 

♦ 3 ) — A u eta aw Udm 
♦36 
Buetaroi i M n 
FUR RENT or d aily Auditi 

♦«!< 

T* Fie* Clee****# o#*4* 
M U M h u u Se# 
Fro*! Fee* leo** 

»OI- 
1o1- 

I O l ­ io*- tts- 

,( * r 6 #4 th a nk » 

-F(— 4*F*— • (few er* 

H earty or d aily A ud itorium and 
M ony ream beautiful North Side 
Laced**, great tor m usic, d u b s p a r t ie s , w e d d in g r e c e p t io n * , m e e tin g s of a ll k in d s . C e ll 
144-45 39 
N e a r N o rth Star o nd 
Centra) Parti M all 
,M P O R I X n T - N C T I ^ T T o n . T- leresied in cenlacfina Authorized 
D e a le rs w ith sid e k ic k " N a m e 
Car* Product*” . Coli o B Va en 
Sr , 22$ 6637 i i J L T t i T T I B l , M g s sage" 'a ? 
P AR IS B U B B , 4(1 2994 
Jiffy P ress instant Printing 
A full service Brim shop near you 
1*o6 M cCullough i t l l Son P ear* l/Ot SW M ilitary Dr 
42o9 P re d tm k s B u rg Rd 
224 E Rhapsody at Son Pedro 
M A i 4 a 6 f I a T I tfT X ig'i a F s j 
786-6611 

OUTSIDE CITY LIMITS " 
P ric e .S h o p . C o m p a re Still I 
I ffF 

T exes 

... j a i ^ 
. ship. Brocket*!!)*, Tx $43o8 Cen ta c t G e o r g e A le x a n d e r , J r , 
Anadarko, Ofc la. 4o$ 247-1724 
S W E 'R T T O 't l i t 6 w ned H om es 
Per Sate J, I and 4 bedroom No down paym ent 
Anyuite can buy 
Vet or N on V e te ra n 
W hy rent w hen you cen buy? R E D C A R ­ 
P E T ASI 4164 
I f ifig b lA Tt { A i k -------- 
For Your Home We pay on d e s 
IOU B roadw ay. San Antonio mg co*!*! We also toke trades 

18331 
B roadw ay, 
Texas___________________________ | 

S e a le d bid p ro B 6 * a l* w ill be I received by ta* B ea rd et Truttees el the N o rth E a s t in d e p e n d e n t; 
School D istrict far S E N IO R A N O 
U N D E R C L A S S P I C T U R E S until 
I o8 p m , 
Tuesday. 
M a rch 
I, 
1*77. 
Bid term s may be picked up prier to bid opening in the office el ta* 
D irector et P u rchasing , N E I S 
I 
Can 
494-SS7I 

OWEN IO PM-MOON 
Thwr. MAE. 3 Only 

2o1 Honeysuckle 

Approx 
7ooo iq. ti. 3 fireplaces. Elegant mansion 
5299,ooo. 

VAN BUREN A ASSOC. 

6M-7I7I 344-7113 366-1o68 

R E A L T O R S 
822-9127 
SU E W E E M S A ASSOC 

KEY GROUP 

ALAMO RGT8 SCHOOLS 
N E W LISTIN G lh C R O W N H ILL 
P A R K 
I bleck from elem entary is this c h a rm in g eye a p p e a lin g I 2 2, separate Hying, dining , fa m ily , 

 lean M onthly paym ents SIS! or 
$15.o88 new loon 45» I lls 

Bv owner in Valencia. I J J, cent air heat. beautifully la n d sca p ed cav pall*, carpel, $51,988 1 3o15 E l 
Sendero 456 29*8________________ 

By awner 
K irb y , corner io),' ex ccllenl $74.5oo 441 5o42 

Bv owner. La u re l H e ifh ts, elder home J I 2, and G arag e apl tire p lace Cvctene fence. E x c e lle n t 
Condition, Nice ond croon P ric e 
$25,ooo call M Joe 731 19o1 142 E 

D O N 'T W A I T 
B ecause this 3 bedroom , 2 bath home in mint condition wen t be on the m a rk e t v e ry long 
T h e landscaping is professional E x , 
Ira built ins in the dble g a ra g e 1 
Y o u m u tt se* th is one to ap p re d a te C all 124-o171 today tor , an appointment 
RED CARPET 
________ R E A L T O R S _______ 
EA S T SIDE LO C A T IO N 
’ 
No dow n p a ym en t, co m p le te ly r e m o d e le d 2 b e d ro o m h o m e 
Looks Greot 
341 8134 
A B D O 
494 1119 

ELDORADO b e a u tifu l 4 b e d ro o m . I t bath hom e with firep la ce and fam ily room 
Wet ber, tire and sm oke a la r m sy ste m a n d in t e r c o m 
SSS,5oo Nites, 453-1115. 
454 1441 
DON JO H N SO N . R E A L T O R S 
KET GROUP 

E V E R Y T H I N G NICE 
3-2-1. paneled den, bay w indow b re a k fa st to lo vely y a rd , tru ll tPkes. privacy fence W orkshop 
M AC R E A L E S T A T E t i l 2571 

F E A T U R E D H O M E t T h is a r e a l I b e d o o m h o m e is available quickly 7 baths, central a ir and heat, fenced patio, and fe n c e d b a c k y a r d fo r io ta ! p riv a c y , and p ric e d u n b e lte v a 
I bra' Lew 7o s Niles 451n o r 
Century 21 

HAP R E S E R 453 6117 Anytim e 

FIR ST TIM E POR S A L E 

Meticulous I bedroom , I bath and den home with attractive window treatment Beautiful landscaping, and close to shoppinu- golf. tennis and club Just SAI.9oo 
Call 349-1434 Anytim e 
6ASSE-WEILBACHER 
INC. R E A L T O R S _______ 
4 L A R G E B E D R O O M S . J baths and 2 ca r garage Fu lly carpeted 
Fa m ily room bos nice firep lace 
G ard en kitchen ond taro* y ard 
Can be refinanced W on't last, call now 
828 819$. R E A L T O R S 
RED CARPET 

L a rg e b r ic k , 1-2-2, IO m o eld 
Many extras, law equity. Assum e 
5344 654-oo2o, owner____________ 
Live Oak bv owner, 4-2-2, m assive ro ck fire p la c e in fa m ily ro o m , cathedral ceilings in fam ily and liv in g room s, ex tra la rg e livin g ro o m , c a r p e t e d t h ru o u t. N E school dis! Assum e ar refinance. must sell No ogents please C all otter Spm ond weekends 654-7871 

Live Oak, by owner, 4-2-1, eauity ond a ssume. 455 7o32 

LIVE DAK VILLAGE 
177)5 S A N D P I P E R , lik e new , 
3 2 2. la r g e fa m ily ro o m , fir relate, cathedral ceilings, fenced yard, covered patio Ow ner ans lous Eauity ond assum e 7** loan 
T IS NIBLOCK B R U Y 163-1873 everything includ ing trash com - 
L o o k in g F o r E a r ly C e n t u r y 
C h a r m ? Se* lo v e ly s p a c io u s home, used os duplex, h isto rical orea. Zoned o-2, $41,5oo 
WARD REALTY 
696 1545 

L U X U R Y 3 2 2 en C O R N E R 
B rick fireplace in huge fam ily room separate dining room , air, hart brick, low down, $18,975 
3«« 5544 H o n M cC o rm ick 34« 7t9i 

M A C A R T H U R HIGH D ISTR ICT 
No down anyone Clean rock front 
4 bedroom s, 7 baths, garaae, den, livin g room, a ir, p riv a c y fence 
Custom rock barbeque pit La rg e patio Only $237 m onthly H u r r y 1 
826 4 545 
PriQkos titty 
*54 o975 

M A C A R T H U R HIGH D ISTR ICT 
No down anyone C lean rock (rent 
4 bedroom s, 2 botas, garage, den, livin g room . a ir, p riv a c y fence 
Custom rock barbeque pi! La rg e polio Only $117 monthly H u rry ! 
828 4545 
Puako-, RU* 
454 Q9?5 

MacARTHUR PARK 
By Owner. 3-2 1, all brick, corner lei. ai iv o ry fence 
W ill fin a n ce 
$41 5oo 711 5/56 
___ _ 

MEADOW WOOD NORTH 
Vacant 
4 bedroom - I living are a 
I • fireplace alm ost new - cornel let fenced 
N O R T H E A S T S C H O O LS 
Eosv assum ption taw equity • 8*. loan 
686-936# 
343-4386 i 
C L IN T W E I L B A C H E R 

MONTE VISTA" 
3 bedroom I both, double g a ra g e with quarters. Charm ing E n glish two story 
$43 9oo 
733 *742. 
•28 $47! 
S t r o u d e r N e ls o n R e a l t y 

HELP MUST SELL 
Cam elot 2, la rg e 3-2 2, coronado floor plan. E a u ity assu m e $258. mo owner 653 4SSS or 333 2123. 

HIGH ON A HILL 
Just Listed . I b e dro om , 2 bath double garage hom e Beautifully kept 
Larg e living area Assum e m o n th ly p a y m e n ts of $2o4.5o 
536.9oo Nights, 655 o414 
454 3441 
DON JO H N SO N . R E A L T O R S 
KEY GROUP 

HOUSE SNATCHERS 
Old established area (F airfie ld ) I bedroom . I bath at $22,5oo Con v en ie n t lo c a tio n m a k e s th is a good buy 
824-2191 (Anytim e) 
Deanie Owens Co 
R E A L T O R S Auslm Hwy O U 

IDEAL 
Is this I bedroom , 2 both double 

 p e e le r , s p r in k le r s y s te m a n d e le c t r ic g a ra g e d o o r o p e n e r . 
P riced in Mid IO s. 
6S6-3ooo A n y t im e 
Deanie Owens Co 
R E A L T O R S P errin Beitel OIC 

RIDGEVIEW 

 breakfast areg 83o. t 
828 4 545 
P riako s Wit* 
654 o975 

ALAMO K I S SCHOOLS 
A ttra ctiv e, clea n , I br broom 
3 both hom e in C ro w n h ill P o rk 
Se po i ole dining, living and lamtty room s 
Under 
$15,o88 
N IT E S 
124 4448 north loop inc 
R E A L T O R S M L S 
82o 54)4 

SIS 8474 
512-3252 
Century 21 

I flftEx lu r in g 1977 M a s s a g e s at 1971 
P rices! Com* meet our Beautiful 
N ew • M e c h a n ic i " . So m e th in g new com ing seen11 
T H E B O D Y S H O P P E , 4*1-28o1 

MERCHANDISE 
MART 

C a ll 
225-1666 

Jl# $t s o y “ C h a r g * i f 

W A K E F I E L D R E A L T O R S 
" m n n u i s n v r 

• I NEED IO HOUSES* 
San A n to m a R e a l E s ta te B ey s cash »*r yours in 72 hears. I pay att closing cest 149-45)1 
S$S$5$SSSSSSS»$»S5 
-N##d"To"Iell"V our Worn" haw ?' 
Per P A S T S E E V I C E — Coli 
144 >164 H art M cC o rm ick Realtor 

NO DOWN PAYMENT 
Anyone can q u a lity! Vets. don't 
I lo se y o u r e d i b i l i t y 
3 4 B e d re a m s. 7 baths som e with a ir and a p p lia n c e s 
P a y m e n ts less then rent 
B O B D e P A O L O 
344-3X1_____________ J E E A L TO R 

A L L B R IC K 3 bedroom »' I bath 
H O M S B U IL T ON Y O U R LO I 
$14,958 1811 G urdm u ort W Ave 
S P E C IA B U I L D E R ! Inc 349 1491 

 m 
PROPERTY SVT OfTOffltl 

 i'm ^ T B f f r - o T J e r i Ke"3T7oTS home about I acre, leis ot oaks a n d fru it tre e s 
H a s ew n w ell. 
$13,58o F irm . I 755 4434 

/ D I -TiW N H O IiS! a i r ^ m 
S r T F T T o ; c a rp e te d ta s te fu lly d e c o ra te d , lets et extras, ne m aintenance tee 
$37,*o8 *94 57*1 e6 L6 h lf i W L A f l l Condom s turn, I b e d ro o m s, 7 lu ll B eths, appliances sh a t ca rp et fo u rty and assum e 
>197 m e or 
I efcnam « 
I 924 411$ 
H A S K IN S R E A L T Y 

A U DRICK 
This like new 4 bedroom home has an easy assumption On mc# cul de sac. com fort is yours sitting in 
I ro n ! of th* f ir e p la c e 
N E . schools Only $ if WW 
349 4343 or 349 313$ Anytim e 
Deanie Owens Cn 
R E A L T O R S Blanco Rd Ole b i v io u s T a " i m ~ T a 7 i r f 2 \ vaulted ceilings, tirep iecea den 
$4) SM Colt 
I N T E R S T A T E 921 o71$ ta I pm 

 a p T l 'T V S -uI / T l . h I fin5o~ K. p urchase the eauity en this 3 2 3 in 
V alley Fo rg e 
Assum e /•«*• V A lean and take over paym ents at 
$2*4 La rg e b a c k v e ld H u rry . 
• I H I * !, R E A L T O R S 
RED CARPET 

By owner, Live 6 a li, l i t. carpel, fenced, low equity, law paym ents. 
6SS-94I9 
By owner, liv e Oak,' 1-1-2. extra la rg e room s, stone fire p la c e in liv in g room , c a th e d ra l ceilin g s, d r a p e s , c a r p e t , w o r k s h o p b e a u tifu l v ie w at R A F B 7 m i aw ay. very goad condition $4698 eautfy, $338 me *5*6/1o hy owner Liv e "Sali'T sT e fa s T ill 
H id d e n O ak T r a il 
Im m e d ia te possession Better than new 3-3-3, . 
Irving, den, new q u a lity c a rp e l ; throughout, central otr and heat, o il a p p lia n c e s , p a tio p r iv a c y ! fe n ce 
$5)7o no q u a lity m g as-• sum ption, b a la n ce $39,138 
$297 , m e 656 8123_____________________; i v 6wn*r N I 3 7 liin g ro o m . den with fireplace La rg e gam e room with peel table New ca rp etin g 
Walk Ie school Convenient ie P l 
Sam and R a n d o lp h 
A v a ila b le 
June I $19,4o9 equity and assum e t l K » 

B y o w n er, ne a g e n ts , I 7 7 in 
C am elot, walk to I scho o ls and 
Windsor P ark M oll corner lei. 2 c o v e re d p o lio s , a b a v e g ro u n d pool, large fenced garden, water softener many other extras Must see lo appreciate1 Shewn by app t only Coll *55 27o5______________ 

By Owner B enchland H ills $ 2-2," central air, heal, L a open liens* a re o w ith c e m e O r a i c e ilin g s , covered patio, fenced yard 
I M 3 8743_________________________ 

Ow ner will sell tats very m c* 3 b e d ro o m h o m e V A o r 
F H A 
Paneled den Near eiem school a nd N orth Star M alt. 341 7281, flites 712 7545 
R E A L T O R S 
Ash | tor H E L E N L O P E Z 
JOHN FLOURNOY IWC 

FIR ST TIM E ON M A R K E T 
• Off NACOGDOCHES RO • and lust north ai Loop 418 Com plelely redecorated interior end e x t e r io r . 3 2 1 den 
E le c t r ic t h ru o u t 
L e t 
119 
* 
2oo 
N E 
Schools 
So convenient 
151,5o6 
826-2147 
Thelma B. Pressman 

FO R "'F A S T title” s#rvice with no u n n e c e ssa ry d e la y let A L A M O 
T IT LE 
CO handle lh* 
Deal 
317-8231 
_________________ 
FO R S A L E . Beautiful Hom esite, 
Shavano P ork, larp e oak trees, 
159x24, » 1 .4(H) Coll 497 21 ll 

 f o r T a l e b y o w n e r i ' ooo 
O aks a re a . 494 $*«* W kdys art 
' Spm ak agy Wknds______ 

FO X R U N NOR TH E AST 
I and « bedroom hurries 
S*5 OM to SSI too 
V A F H A Ne city faxes 
H A R R IN G T O N H O M E S 
364-1624_________________ 6S4 644o 
G arden Kitchen. I bedroom , furl 
I corpei, corner let, fenced yd 
819.98o 
R OSSI B E A L TV________ 494 7781 

Pi ACI TOU* W ANI AD 
IN IM* I1 N I5 5 NtWS 
( A ll 275 1**o 

IMMEDIATE MOVE IN 
Charm ing 3-2-2 in N E . a rea. L iv ­ ing ond la m ily ro o m 
H a s Ire place, new carpet and autom atic g a ra g e d o o r, n ic e c o r n e r le i. selling tor 8)6,5oo 
349 4141 or 349 is is Anytim e 
Deanie Owens Co 
R E A L T O R S Bronco Rd Ofc 
1 -7 1-2, m Cam elot, wet bar, fire ­ place, corner lo! 2 slot v 
545.58o 
J im Ashley Regl E s tate *84 427* 

IN TERRELL HILLS 
Built tor casual living end fam ily tun, 4 bedr oom s and 3 baths, tiro- p la ce , 2 c e n tra l h e a l a ir u n its, la r g e g a o l, p r iv a c y fe n c e 
874 4521, nrtes 342 4849 
Turner Realty 

In T im e F o r T h e S u m m e r 
, W elcome your husband hem e ond ; 
I relax by the pool E m o y this love­ ly 4 bdrm , 2 bath heme, waif to 
, wall carpet thruout Geed location tor a ll m e m b e rs of the fa m ily 
L a n d s ca p e d p ro fe ss io n a lly 
To see this home, call 824 o171 
RED CARPET 
R E A L T O R S _________ 
| • WOODS TO N E * Just L isled 
4 
M onth old, 3 b e d ro o m s , I lu ll b aths, fir e p la c e , se lf c le a n in g oven. won lo wall carpel, dream y firs* nom# w hich in c lu d e s new w asher d ry e r, re frig e ra to r with ice maker ( 
535 5oo 
*94 7*51 
A N V TIM E 

MUST SELL! 
G orgeous tetania) in Monte Vista 
4 4 , 2 Beautiful large living ha» fire p la c e O v e rs iz e d d in in g , Ii ar ary with fireplace, cabanas and pool O u i of town ow ner w ants action' Call Ruta Fades 
341 9166 A N Y T I M E 
ROSOW A KLINE Century 21 

R E A L T O R S $9 Y e a rs at T R U S T 
H O W A R D T A T E R E A L T O R S 

 r t i S i n 9 

Open M ondoy thru Friday 8 A.M . to 5:3o P.M . 
DEADLINES: 
M o n d a y thru Thursday 

5 : o o P M lo r Follow ing D ay 

Friday I 3 o Tor S a tu rd a y 

Friday 5 P M . for S unday 

Fn doy 5 3 o P M For M o n d a y 
CLOSED SATURDAY AND SUNDAY 

C an cellations an d Correction s can b e m ad e 

M o n d o y thru Friday 8 A M . hi 5 3 o P M . 

o2861884 

Second Page 
Express-News— Thursday, March 3, 1 9 7 7 
212 HOMES-WORTKWEST 

21o - HOUSES NORTHEAST 

SEEN EVERYTHING? 

No you Hoven t, become Nm home hm (ult come on the market, and you'll be surprised 
o* the volue in tim modern — but comfortobie 3 bedroom, 2 borh beauty It i on eye opener, the very rhino you d order if you were the bunder yourself ind 
-*■ where else is it — but 
WINDCRfST convenient to everything Now, after you hove seen this nome, you NAVI seen everything! Coll for more details. 
344-62o7 
6o4-433o 
DEANIE 
OWENS CO. 
SUITOR-MUS t i West Oft. 

ZI OKBUSt SHORTEST 

R E D U C E D ! LOOK W HAT YOU 
C AN S T IL L G E T POR O N L Y 
SJS.OOO 3 Bedroom I both, cor- bort, double garage Large fenced yard w ith brick bor b-que Close lo shopping- schools and Et Sam 
814-o111 A N Y TIM E 
ROSOW & KLINE 
REALTORS-SO Yeors Of TRUST 

21o HOUSES NORTHEAST 

 k 
TODAY S BARG AINS 
Older 3 bedroom home off Braca way 
Zoned B 3 Value Is in the la n d 
H ig h t r o t f ic flo w . O n ly 
533,ooo conv 
SPANISH CHARM 
Excellent 3 1-1. w ith single livin g concept, plus fo rm o l dining room. 
C alifornia style kitchen Located o ff P e rr in B e ltie R d. in O LD 
F A R M 
A good buy of 133,9oo. 
Open term s 

21? HOMES NORTHWEST 

 reduced two brano 
C e n t u r y 2 1 

YE, 3-1-1, all b ric k , assum e low 
5% loan or refinance , m ony ex- 
Tos 4118 Monaco 653 1853 
NEAR M ACARTH UR HI 
3 Bedrooms, J baths, double g a r­ age. c e n tra l ho o t a ir p r iv a c y fence Nice oak tree New carpet and point Like new AM finan cing a v a ila b le 
C o ll 
C o ile d 
■ I? <38 m o . Joe Kohutek_______ 
YEEO LOTS OF ROOM ? This 3 1 with I cor detached garage has it 
Sonus bedroom, bath attached to garage 
Modest equity. 341 4484 
REALTORS 
BED CARPET 

NEED MORE ROOM? 
"te n ty of room fo r e ve ryo n e in his g re a t 2 s to ry , S la rg e be grooms. 3 boths, fo rm a l room s, 
’am ity room w ith ftre o ia ce . c o r a c tin g th ro u g h o u t, c u s to m d ra p e s, p r o fe s s io n a lly la n d s 
:aped. SAA,5oo N iles ASS-7491 

C e n t u r y 2 1 
M O N E Y S A V E R S R E A L T Y 
I 
ASA-141o A N Y T IM E _______ 
NEW LIS TIN G 
1*1-1. built in kitchen , la rg e mas ter s u ite , in te r io r c o m p le te ly ! re p a in te d . I 8xIA eoveed p a tio 
Over I ASO sqtt of liv in g area As­ sum e I 
VA lo o n w ith s i l l ; aayments w ith low equity 
Vac on! 
C e n t u r y 21 
SS3 8131 Bill P a rkins RlfyASS SHA 
NO DOWN 
HIGH on H ILL in M acA rthur High area, clean 
4 1-1. den. air, livin g room, pivacv fence, only S313 m o n th ’ 
3*4 55*4 H art M cC orm ick 344 1993 
YO DOWN TO AN YO NE 
3 4 be droom y, a ir, a p p lia n c e s . F ir s t 1 
Payment A p ril 
22? 9A1ATERRA RE A L T Y 14 HRS 

NORTHEAST SPECIAL 
A ttra c tiv e 3 b e d ro o m , I b a th , some lust painted inside and out I 
Y E 
Schools, co n ve n ie n t to F t | 
Sam and Randolph 532,25o N iles, I 
SSS 191o 
ASA-3441 
DON JOHNSON, R E ALTO R S 
KEY GROUP 
N O R THER N H IL L S 
This beau d u lly b u ilt 1 3 -1 w ith s p lit b e ­ drooms, has I to rg e liv in g area w ith 8 lo n g a rc h e d fire p la c e , separate dining, SSI.9oo 12* *388, 
SSI 1198 
REAVIS REALTY CO 
VORTHWOOO E S TATE S! Texas co n te m p o ra ry on tre e d lo t w ith aeautitui pool area 3 Bedroom , I aoth F eatures fo rm a t ond in fo r­ mal area, m ony b u ilt ins W alk lo 
Y E Schools, Churches, and City. 
Bus 11 block 341 3111 A N Y TIM E 

SUPER clean 3 year old home in 
Son P edro H ills Has a SU PER p ric e of $44,5oo. F ire p la c e in fa m ily room 
C om plete e le c tric kitchen. This home is the SUPER b u y’ 
349-4343 or 349-3535 A n ytim e 
Beanie Owens Co 
REALTORS Blanco Rd Ole 

SAN PEDRO HILLS 
V e ry a ttra c tiv e 4-1’ » -l hom e in po p u la r a re a Spacious, w a ll lo w a ll ca rp e tin g , fire p la c e ond rn 
C hurchill d is tric t are bul a lew of the features 
555,85o 
Nites, 
494 38SO 
818 8141 
DON JOHNSON. REALTO RS 
KEY GROUP 

SAN PEDRO HILLS 
IOOo® b ric k , t r l le ve l hom e w ith i m any e xtra s F o rm a l liv in g and j d -n in g , 24x14 liv in g a re a w ith I fire p la c e , m o rn in g room , lo rq e ro o s te r b e d ro o m 
P re tty y a rd w ith native trees Call today 
6S8-3S3S A n y tim e 
Beanie Dwens Co 
REALTORS Rondolph Otc 
SAN PEDRO H ILLS 
I (O A K 
H O L L O W 
E S T A T E S ) 
Handsome 3 2 2, w hile brick w ith 
I dram atic living room w ith wood- bu rn in g fire p la ce and ca th e d ra l i c e ilin g 
M a s te r b e d ro o m w ith 
I dressing roam. Plush carpets ond draperies. 
B rig h t gourm et 
! kitchen 
FIRST O FFE R IN G 
THOUSAND OAKS 
: Spacious I story b ric k designed 
! for fa m ily living ond entertaining 
4 bedrooms pius study or 5th be­ droom Eniov the w a rm th of the wood b u rn in g fire p la c e in the 
2oxis fa m ily room E le c tric k it­ chen w ith com pacter. 
82A-2439 
REALTORS 

W H ITE H E A D H O LID A Y 
341 U IS _____________ REALTORS 
UNBELIEVABLE 
This 4 bedroom home on a la rge corner lot in Son Pedro H ills, has on exce lle n t area to store your boat or tra ile r. But the unbelieva­ ble p o rt is the quo titv co n stru c­ tion, custom draperies, landscap­ ing, ond priced in the low, low 
SO s 
349-3S35 or 349 S IH , anytim e 
Beanie Dwens Co 
REALTORS L ockh ill Selma Ole 
U N L E A S H Y O U R IM A G IN A ­ 
TION! This beautiful home, on a w o o d sy lo t w ith m o n y b r ic k walks, needs a loving touch! F o r­ m a l liv in g a n d d in in g ro o m s - 
•e m ily room w ith w et b a r, 3 bedroom s, 3 baths and a qam e room (or 4th bedroom ). Shutters galore1 Alam o Heights 
OI 

OAK H im TERRACE 

Beautiful 3 bedroom, 
2 both home with 2 cor qoroqe, large family room with fireplace, sunken living room with brick ac­ cent wall ond covered polio for outdoor living One block from elementary schools 

GERONIMO FOREST 

Large 3 bedroom, 2 both, all brick home on a corner lot over on acre in sue with mony beautiful trees, lovely cathedral beamed family room with fireplace. 
Oversize double garage Mony extras 

BLOSSOM PARK 

 lovely 3 bedroom, 2V? boths, fully carpeted townhome with fireplace Neorlv 16oo sq ft. of living area. Walking distance to tennis court ond porn 

KW o n AILS ANO VIEWING 
CAU 342-411 S A N TT I*! 
W ORLD WIDE 
REALTY 

212 - tKm ES-HW niW FST ll? ■ HOMtS ROBTHWtST 
T> 11 - H8M€S-IIIBinfHW»T 
T ll? - — 
HIOfniWflT 
216 IB tB B IWTKffitT 

^ E X - C E P T I O N A L 
BUYI 

Almost 
18oo sq. ft in this 3 bedroom, 2 both, fireplace, double goroge with door opener; ap­ pliances Immediate possession; (all 

 today to see’ 

BOB MCGINNIS i 
REALTORS y 349-6211 

57o,4oo 
R E A L T 
834 9431 

JONES*KING 

SAN PEDRO HIH 
FIRST O FFE R IN G 
C h eck th e s e s ta tis tic s 
4 b »- i b ro o m s . 
2 b a th s , d e n w ith 1 fireplace, covered patio, on huge ' lo t room fo r tennis c o u rts ), a ir j conditioning, garage w ith ele ctric I eye door, all this for under 
54o OOO 
824-o4o4 
REALTOR S 
824 4497 I 
SUE W EEMS & ASSOC. 
KEY GROUP 

SAN PEDRO HILLS 
C o u rty a rd e n try tokes you in to I this beautiful 4 bedroom . I bath. I 
Large livin g area, fire p la ce , for mal dining and a covered patio in i the p riva cy fenced vo rd $S7,soo 
342-4177, rates, 344 $371 
B IL L SOUTHERN REALTO R 

SAVE $2,ooo 
Buy before we list w ith a realtor. large 3-2 2, between Ft Som and 
Rondolph 
Low equity now, 
441 2oo9 

V A L L E Y F O R G E 
A super cleon 3 bedroom, I both home Nice lorge lot w ith p rivacy fence, covered patio fo r the en tertainer. 824 o171 
RED CARPET 
_________REALTOR S__________ 

VALLEY FORGE 
FIRST O FFE R IN G 
D elightful 3 bedroom , 2 bath, w ith 
I torge livin g area, beautiful g a r­ den Kitchen, lorge covered porch 
Good loon to assume. 
824-o4o4 
REALTORS 
824 3563 
SUE W EEMS & ASSOC 
KEY GROUP 

W IL S H IR E T E R R A C E 
C lean 
3- t i w ith 2 livin g areas, new roof and paint, city bus ' t blk, extras ond priced to sell 
341-4484 
REALTORS. 
RED CARPET 

WILSHIRE TERRACE 
Near shopping and N E. schools, this adoreoble p a rtia l rock 3 be­ droom home even has a finished paneled garage In the low 3o's. 
BE TTER H U R R Y ! 

828-6391 A n y tim e 
Beanie Owens Co 
Reoltors NE Loop ole 

$1 MOVE IN VA 
5% DOWN CONVamONAl 
NO FAY/WNT TIU AWM 7 7 
3 ond A bedroom pions 134,95o to S43.9So All homes feature energy saving pockoge, central heat air, corpet ond hondrraf ted woodburmng fireplaces, deluxe Magic thef all electric kitchen, and 2 car garages 

6 FURNtSMID AAOD ELS 
ORIN DAILY 9-9 
T W IN CREEK 
6 8 1 - 1 1 1 1 a 

EVEN THE RICH 
LIKE A BARGAIN 
Y pl Wawls NMI 88 ib88MN8P8 y -jju .--s. . --a—-a L ,et 
C 
•ITI fwWROMI inxwS i WW rwn 9 it 4*1 bani IWM « Cafrit HIN iilif ii mpmM ptvNlhf hi cmg4Ar*W to tov of tirn 
Tto towflH •* 
•wfNKvmp Hi tot tow, •tor tow H'l 
* 
" 
* •tor, to 

349-3535 
349-5111 

I.-If AIIOES 

. Central Oft. 

SCHERTZ AR EA 
A ttractive 4 bedroom , I bath with c e n tra l o ir, c o v e re d p a tio and fenced vord VA or EHA OK. Call todav 
494 5571 
NITE S 453-1445 
ROSOW 6 KLINE 
C e n t u r y 2 1 
REALTOR S SO Years Of TRUST 
1824 N Pine. VA 514.o1o 
Home or Duplex, 834-2o5o 

OAK FORREST 
5 la rg e bed roo m s. 3 baths, f ir e ­ place in la rg e fa m ily room , te r ­ tia l din in g plus la rg e b re a kfa st area w ith b u ilt in s ond boy win 
Jew. c o v e re d p a tio , ana m u ch 1 areas more N iles 828 8597. 

W A K E F IE L D REALTOR S 

SELLERS: 
C oit a b o u t o u r G u a ra n te e Sell 
Pion. w here it we don't sell your home, we buy It 

See a il o u r o th e r ads on goad home buys and rentals in oil : refinance 

WINDCREST 
4 bedroom s, t ' j baths, den. cen­ tra l vacuum Lots of extros 
74 hr 
Service 
655-5131 
REALTORS 
V IR G IN IA C E R V E N K A 
KEY GROUP 

WINDCREST 
3 bed ro o m , I bo th w ith dou ble a tta c h e d g o ro g e C e n tra l hea t ond a ir, co ve re d o o flo , fenced v a rd 
V e ry c o n v e n ie n t to shopping m a ll and schools O nly 
529,9oo 681 3222, rates, 349 t,tV 
B IL L SOUTHERN REALTO R 
W IN D C R E S T 
Open house Sol 
Sun 14pm 
Bv o w n e r, lo rg e 4 -b e d ro o m , J baths fo rm o l dining room liv in g room Lorge den w ith cath e d ra l c e ilin g , fir e p la c e , a p p ro x 
36ooSq Ft. 
584,5oo. 
133 511o or 
453-3413 
_______________ 
WINDSOR SQUARE 
I L o v e ly 1-2 hom e. H uge liv in g 
I a re a , ro n g e , a ir , c o rp e t. a n d fenced 
527,ooo assume or 

B E A U T IF U L COLONIES NORTH 
4 bedrooms, 2 'i both Lorqe den. 
M ust see to appreciate 696-74o$ or 696 7141 

B E H IN D 
NOR T H S ID E 
F £ DM A R T 
3 b e d ro o m s 
2 i baths, b e a u tifu l enclosed p o lio w ith fo u n ta in , c e n tra l heat o ir. 
VA FHA term s 
494-741oW AYNE SLA TE R 349 9278 
BIG N B E A U T IF U L 
4-2' i i. Big coun try kitchen den. 
P L U S 2nd fa m ily ro o m 
17x18 m aster bdrm . BIG dress, w alk in. 
MAC R E AL ESTATE 828 2521 
B R IC K 
N C E D A R borne w ith cedar roof, has huge m aster be d ro o m ! 4 b e d ro o m s in a ll, 3 baths! L iv in g room plus fa m ily room w ith fireplace lots extra 
542,5oo 
REALTORS 
494 7771 

AA 
AA A.* . __ _ 
AA 

B Y O W N E R . B a b c o c k N o rth . 
4-21, F u lly carpeted, dishwasher, ronge, disposal. C entral heat-air, 
545oo 
E quity, 
H S I Mo 
Coll 
494 4781 
__ 

 t d V H f t f i i " T g g E 5---------- in y o u r la rq e v o rd th a t o dd s privacy to this b rick 3 bedroom , I both home Single livin g area bos fir e p la c e 
C o u n try k itc h e n , covered patio 
RED CARPET 
342 3111 
R EALTO R S 
696-So77 
COZY c 6 t t a G e in Id e o i Loco lion, M ony trees Close to schools a nd s h o p p in g 
3 B e d ro o m s . 2 baths, coun try kitchen Large bay window rn fa m ily room. 494-74SI 
A N Y T IM E 

FOOTHILLS BEAUTY 

Custom 3 bedroom, 2 batfi borne with ail carpets and drapes. 
Firepans in fomily room plus huge gomeroom 
Heated pool and extra large lot with many trees 
Priced at only 579,5oo. 
Nites coll Frank lotondi, 344 
1932 
NAYLOR REALTY 
GALLERY OF HOMES 
141-9191 4*1-1111 456-5529 

 g 6 rG Ie 6 o % a l l t o i c k , i i 2,in 
Leon V olley 54oo down 535(1 mo 
J B J R E A L T Y 474 8883 A nytim e 

HILLCREST PARK 
Super view from spacious 3-2’ a, 2 car, den. E X TR A NICE 
341-445S 
REALTO RS 
824 4714 
BARNEBEY AGENCY 

SMUG l f DUCHON 
You will save 57ooo on this 3 bedroom home with o lorge office for those who like to work at home. Reduced to only 557,9oo so that your fomrty can enjoy this 
1oo% rock on over 'A (acre 
JoTW5ON 
3 bedrooms, orch tiled both, ond 2 cor garage on lorge comer lot Is this what you've been looking foe? 
We just put the sign up, ond it won • lost long at 525,ooo 
Use your VA and put nothing down on these beautiful homes 
Call our orofessionol now of 
736-4426 
DEANIE 
OWENS CO. 
REALTORS— MIS 
Jefferson Oft. 

3 ACRES 
HIU COUNTRY 
VILLAGE 
With secluded 3 bedroom, 2 both, study ond game room home plus 
17x35 swimming pool Reduced loc immediate sale Coll foe 

REALTORS 
349-1438 

ONLY % 
LEFT 

Must see this beautiful landscaped 
I living area, 4 bedrooms, 2 Doth home to believe located in prestigious O AI (HEK on extra lorge woaded lot. 
This home features: wall lo wall carpeting, 
MogK Chef oil electric kitchen, energy saving pockoge, electric 
R oe door, handcrafted wood mg fireplace plus many other extras. 
1615 COPPIRREU) RD. 
ONEY $46x5oo 
Coff mo today 
J im P a s s e l! 
684-3112 

TREES! TREES! TREES! 

Surround end grace this northwest 

 home with 3 bedrooms, 2 baths, 2 cot 

 garage, loge fomily room, central 

 heat ond oir, sprinkler system, ond 

LOTS MORE' 

BOB MCGINNIS 
REALTORS 
349-1121 

BELLVIEW 
B rick veneer, carpet, Im m aculate cond ition, 3 1 pius den, w a lk in g distance to W onderland, fenced, washer and d ry e r connections 
524,5oo 
Van Suren a Assoc 
484 7171 
696 5896 
699 oo64 

DON’T BRING MONEY 
B rin g your point brush No down p a y m e n t to a n y o n e 
1-4 B e ­ droom s, 2 baths, some w ith a ir and a p p lia n ce s P a ym e n ts le s t thon rem 
BOB DePAOLO 
144 3o91 
REALTOR 

$3,ooo EQUITY 
F lreploced single livin g areo plus fo rm a l -d in in g ro o m , p r iv a c y fence ond u tility room . A ll fo r only 
538,5oo 484 77oo 
C E N TU R Y 21 Schneider Reoltv 

C e n t u r y 2 1 
M ON EYS AVE R S R E A LT Y 
454 241o A N Y T IM E _______ 
SAK H O LLO W E S T A T E S - This 
•oacious hom e m u st be seen if 

C a ll IN T E R S T A T E 128 o755 
Open 7 Days TH 8 P M 

SHOWING OFF! 
A nd w ith good re a s o n — th is 

 cow - i n , o sing.* livin g area w ith j S T u ^ t '^ « C?orbrn.r oD° r r lf c T r o,r4 
. I . . . . , . , . 
• . . . b k . n . u , o m u st see fo r m e p a r tic u la r a fire p la c e . N e a r B ra o k n o ilo w 
'hopping Center and Son Pedro 
Hills, this home is perfect tor th# growing fam ily. 
494-5221 
(A N Y T IM E ) 
RED CARPET 

• 
133o OBLATE 
• 
Perfect C ondition! I I eden Cen 
Irol heal a ir Only $25,9oo DON T 
'MSS THIS Y O U 'L L LO VE I T ’ 
J44-3471, 341-o172 
BOB BR EN N ER REALTOR S 
DFF M C C U LLO U G H 
No dow n o a vm e n t, no Q u a lify in g 
M ove rig h t in O nly USO mo 515,ooo 
C H A R L E S W A T T S R E A L ES f ATE 732-2918, 711 5355, 214 91o4 
DFF SAN P E D R O 
A ll b r ic k 
) I den. w ith fire p la c e , ra n g e , lis h w o s h e r 
M u tt see to op greciate. Assum e or convention l l C a ll u t C H A R L E S W ATTS 
BEAL ESTATE 731 2918, 711 5355 
OFF SAN PEDRO 
I bedroom. 2 bain. den, fireplace, alu ta ca rpet, c a th e d ra l ce ilin g , m ic r o w a v e o v e n , e le c tr ic xitchen. big lot M f 65o1, 124 49o3 
Mama Wnrtev Realtors 

DCO FA RM I- Spanish Style 3-1-J. 
Covered screened patio, w a ll to eau . c e n tra l a ir, in te rc o m on muted access street. By Owner, 
,37,5oo A tta m e t i l t mg 455-8841 
DNL Y 51oo CASH loc closing is all 
I takes to buy thts I ’ i bath home n w a lk in g d is ta n c e e t NE 
Hementory It has buat in range and vent a hood. a ir < sedition.ng, and tented bock y o n i P aym ents abo ut 
5 2 to 
C o il to d a y * t i l 58o8 I iS 
A P R , 
)4o aayments 52o 975 total price 
ED G ILB E R T REALTO RS 

 looker Huge lot. excellen t area near M acA rth ur High and priced u n d e r 55o.ooo J u s t lis te d and won t la sti Give us a call. 

821-6391 A n y tim e 
Beanie Owens Co 
Reoltors NE Loop ole 
SIER RA NORTH Np Down 
To anyone’ Clean I bedroom, tile bom garage, separate dining room, only 5193 a m onth, call 
344 3S44 H o rt M cC orm ick 344 19*1 

Somebody wants your borne and we Dave what ii takes tn find that Somebody.- 
E xp e rie n ce , sa ie sm o n sn ip . and k n o w le d g e . W a n t y o u r h o m e 
; S O -L-O /?? Can u t today! 
65E-3S3S A n y tim e 
Deanie Owens Co 
REALTOR S Rondolph Otc 
SOM ETHING SP EC IAL 
A 4 bedroom , 2 both hom e w ith fin is h e d g o ro g e a n d b o o m e d ceiling C arpeting, fence, perfect condition P rice d a l 527,ooo w ith open term s. 454 1214 
RED CARPET 

BUDDY UECKER 

WOODLAKE 
B e a u itu l I b e d ro o m , 2 ba th on 
Lake G rove Spic ond span and 
1 priced to te ll 51o.ooo 
674-23*1 (A n ytim e ) 
Deanie Owens Co 
RE ALTORS-Austin Hwy Otc 

YOU PROVIDE THE FAMILY 
We o ro vid e e v e ry th in g else in tnis 4 bedroom home Am ple plot. 
I cor garage, and everything you wont and need for 524.ooo 
824 2391 (A n ytim e ) 
Beanie Owens Co 
_ J *£ A L T O R S i A u s»inH w yO fc 

21? HOMES NOaTHWm 

George Flood 
Re a lto r MLS 
341-4491 

A BARGAIN 
Easy assum ption on this 3-2-2 in 
Forest H ills N o rih s id e schools. 
1 b u ilt in kitchen , 13oo sa it John 
! G ray, 694 SUO 
PROFESSIONAL REALTY 

, _______ 
494 1o58 

 ir a * atdVr h o ™ \ r T j \ i l l s 
\ ^ 
A COUNTRY HALF ACRE w ith 
C o m p le te ly re m o d e le d a n d re d e c o ra te d 
2 a p a rtm e n ts p ro v id e 5285 m o n th ly in c o m e 
Evenings call V irg in ia 455-34 7 5 

 only two bedrooms? 
C e n t u r y 21 
■hot s on you need, you w ill like 
D E LA N E Y R E A L T Y 453-o55o t that s pH you need, you w ill like h is ’ There ore also tw o oaths, orm gl dining covered pat** and 
I fenced yard w ith Pecan trees 
Convenient ie shopping ond a b u t me 
112,5oo 
141 4177. rales. 
124 1954 
R ILL SOUTHERN R E ALTO R 
DUR DE AL F E L L T H R O U G H - 
This exceptionally clean 31 2 Ups us! been gra ce d b o ck on m e n q rk e t Situated on a quiet CUI 
Ie soc end convenient lo schools. 
Evenings Coli C huet *5 3 5451 
C e n t u r y 2 1 
D E LA N E Y R | A L T /4 » 1 o t9 o 
3VER 2ooo SO FT_ tor 551.9oo’ I Y o lk apout Hying are o 
4o9 so ft in m e (a m ity oom 
...IOO sa ft in the m aste r sea-on rn 
2 firepla ces 
ANO 
WU CM M O R E ’ Just listed Re the 
•r»i lo see 828-4343. eves 453-9594 
Corinna: I Ksnclaies 
3J I, Over 2.ooo5o FI et L u x u ry ivm g, lee m oi liv in g ond d in in g oom, tots of E x tra s , c o rra lle d . m o n y b u n t m s , 
F ir e p la c e , screened in c o tta . E x c e p tio n a l ands coping w a lkin g distance lo 
S tem 
S c h o o l, P ric e 554 95o shown bv o»pt poly 458 47 t i 
DWN E E L E A V IN G ra t d o vs 
V u e o tte r on 4-2 2, fire p la c e 
E a sy a c c e s s to o x p ro s s w a v ta u tly and S315 mo Nile *58 544o 
C e n t u r y 2 1 
TRICQ, Realtors 349 4491 
PINCHED FOH DOL I A H S?""" 
Ju st en m a rk e t 
S p a c io u s 4 cdr oom hem e in on atter OOO!* arite range Nice yard. and RIG roes M inutes from Ft sum and 
»hopping M id IO s N iles *137*8) 
C e n t u r y 2 1 
HAP RE SER *53 «U1 A nytim e 
* LUSH CARPE f (NG. fire p la c e and coThedroi ceiling, Combine to rn o x* a gre a t liv in g a re g ’ I b t droom, J both horn* is Uke new ’ 
537.159 
REALTOR S 
*53 7)41 

G u y C h ip m a n C o 

PRICE REDUCED b e a u tifu l 3 bedroom nom * in East 
T e rre ll Mim s , c e n tra l h e * i a ir, ; fre s h ly p a in te d , o w ner anxious 
WHI tease w itn option to buy 
>24 9o9 
COMPASS R E A L T Y 
4*4 1*4)1 4*4 IE I! j 

Q UICK POSSESSION 

O W N E R a n x i o u s 
To self this vary lovely J bed roo m nom e rn C h u rc h ill H ifh S ch ool dis! L iv in g and separate d ining spacious den, fire p la c e , la rg e la n d s c a p e d y a rd 
L ik e a * * condition J4I 7191 rales 342 8429 
REALTO R S 
Ask tor V IR G IN IA 
MIC NOOE PF 
JOHN FLOURNOY INCI 

D E L A N E ' 
_____________ 
STARTER h o m e s , NO DOWN ) ond 4 bedroom homes fro m *1*o mo 
R OSSI R E A LT Y 
494 7781 
S T A TE LY CO LO N IAL 
New end re a d y fo r o c c u p a n c y O rg im a i design 2 story, 2 i beths SPACE one LU X U R Y com bined superb dreg and locution Under 5*o ooo 
821-434), eves 45) *5*4 
Camilla: > Associates 

"TERRELL HILLS" 
P rice reduced on this 3 2 specious term ly home Lots of storage ond closet space 
Lovely bock yard 
873 33o1 
HARTMAN REALTORS 

RY OWNER 
B E A U T IF U L L Y LA N D S C A P E D , 
32 2, paneled den, breakfast bor, s p lit le v e l, liv in g -d tn m g a re d , c a th e d ra l c e ilin g , s k y lig h t, en tra n c e c o u rty a rd , e x tra la rg e covered polio, p riv a c y fence on sm all Cut Oe Soc in Adam s H ills, near Lackiond-K elly ond schools, 
538.ooo by Appl Only 473 «SU 
By O w ner 
B e a u tifu l hom e, on corner lot 3 2 2, firepla ce, e xce l­ le n t lo c a tio n . M a n y e x tra s . 
543.ooo *81 o584_________________ 
BY OWNER. 3 bedroom , 2 both, do u b le g a ra g e , B ra u n S ta tio n 
W est, lo w e q u ity 
484-31o5 weekends or oft » 
_ 
BY OWNER Clean 3 2. den. Lee 
H S ared Coll 344-2974 otter 5 JO 
BY OWNER, 4-2-1, convenient lo m ilita ry bases, northside schools ond fu tu re super m a ll. Fenced back y a rd and c o v e re d p o lio , security bors, cent, heat a ir, g a r­ b ag e d is p o s a l, lo w e q u ity as sum ption o l 7N of V A loon, or refinance 526.5oo 435-7)41. o tte r 
5 PM___________________________ 
BY OWNER, Cresthaven Edition, 
824-1891 I 3-3*1. D e lig htfully decorated and coordinated light and brig h t, new corpet, custom drapes, kitchen remodeled Must See, high SIO s, 
141 2 
7 
o 
2 
__________ 
B Y O W N E R 
D e llv ie w 
2 1- 1, c o m p le te ly re d e c o ra te d , la rg e fenced yard, built-in kitchen and bath E x tro s P e rfect to r young 1 m arrieds-retired couple. $22,ooo 
144 5719________________________ 
BY O w n e r, E x e c u tiv e b e in g tr a n s fe r r e d , w ill s e ll 2-s te ry home, lived in less thon 3 mo 27oo 
Sq It 3-2. gam e ro o m , to m iiv 
I ro o m , fo rm a l liv in g d in in g o reoktast room . 14X34' covered p a tio w ith s k y lig h ts , p r iv a c y 
•meed. P ork Forrest. $1o,ooo ond a s s u m e 
5431 p e r m o 
V A, 
492-99o4 No agents, 
B v O w n e r, F o re s t G le n . i l l , 
I la rg e m a ste r, fire p la c e , c a rp e t, 
534,9oo, 491 o*93 P riva cy lanced 
By owner. Forest Oaks. all Orick, 
I 112 , m ony e xtra s 494-8251_____ 
BY OWNER 4-3-1, in T hu nderbird i V illa g e , assum e e q u ity or o u r- chose 538,ooo Coll oft 5. 464 416o by Owner, 4 mo 2 Story, 3o24 Sa f t , 42 acre 3 biks UTSA cam pus, 
; is la n d k itc h e n , w et b o r, I o r 4 bedrooms, has sunken drama and j entrance U p s ta irs p a rtia lly fin ­ ished w ith e xtra bath, fire p la ce . 
E n e rtv coving home 493 *979 
RY O W N E R , 1 1 1, new p a in t, 
______________________________ j drivew ay, sem i-turnished *15,75o 
ACCENTU ATE THE P O S IT IV E ! 
Charta* W att* R ealtor 712-39i i 
Like the la rge oaks, lush rands- 1 RY OWNER. Ook H ills T errace, c o p m q 
Step up lo k in g s u e d 
T ri Le ve l, 4 7 2. S e parate den, m a s te r s u ite . 2 m o re n ic e be 
543,5oo 484 o797_________________ i by owner. R olling Ridge, Assume i 7% loan Ail brick 3 2 2. covered polio, lorge fo m ily room , cut Cle soc, opp t only 614 4474_________ 
B T O W N E R . TO WN V I E W E V 
TATES. 3-12. Stove, fenced. NS 
Schools, assume 7% 15OOO equity I 
’ 6*4 1*97_________________________ • 
I B y o w n e r, T o w n v te w E s to le s . 
1 1 -2. c o rn e r lo t. w ro u g h t iro n i brick fenced. I pottos, reasonable equity ond assum e 7% *64 57o* weekdays 
*64 8**1 
Mf fpm w eekends______ 
BY OW NER 
T win Creek 
4 be­ drooms. 2 boths. la roe livin g area w ith fire p la c e $3ooo e q u ity, as- I sumo loon w ith paym ents at S IK 
I *** 7378 
C a lifo rn ia C o n te m p o ra ry 3 2 2, b ric k g lo ss, s in g le liv in g , tire o i a ce, C horler Oaks *9* 6531 
C ASTLE M ILLS E S T A T E ’ L u* ury 4 bedroom. 3’ * both fo rm a l dmmg. paneled fa m ily oom w ith fire p la c e plus P ar, A ll e le c tric d ream kitch e n 4o' X 3o' s w im ­ m in g p o o l— c o v e re d p a tio . 
Q uarters $342 J i l l A N Y T IM E 

S3ooo FOUTY 
For this J bedroom , 2 both home. 
Loca te d in N S I S D , Close to stum ping ond schools, fe a tu rin g q o rd e n k itc h e n , liv in g ro o m , qame room, ond co n tro l heat and air, Coli today 
684-433o 344-62o7 A n y tim e 

Park 
3 2 Den, ftrdblace, contem porary. 
Shakes roof Too m ony details for 
Ad Call us 
Dixie Rose. Realtor 
824-7334, Anytim e 

J E F F E R S O N 
Fantastic condition, o il redwood. 
3 b e d ro o m , 7 b a th w ith s in g le g o ro g e 
L o rg e liv in g ro o m , s e p a ra te d in in g . H A R D W O O D 
FLOORS thuru-out O nly $32,56o 
69o-98o2 

GREAT AMERICA 
R E A L T O R S 
J E F F E fc iO N ip A N l i H iT U d 
CO. 3 bedroom or (2 + den), dining room , central o ir. corner lot 
*3o,ooo 
W 
M A G N O L IA , s p a cio u s 7 b e ­ droom , fo rm o l dining room , love ly fireplace $2o,ooo 
ST M ARYS U AR EA . 3 bedroom . 
I>-* b o th c e n tr a l h e a t 
ON 
CORNER $71,3oo 
4 BEDROOMS. 2 both, ce n tra l a ir, near Lackland. $3o,5oo. 434-3185 
C e n t u r y 21 
DOUGLAS R E A L ESTATE 

M o n n J e ffe rs o n A rc o , 4-5-3. 
F ra m e house, 179,5oo, C o ll o ft. 
4pm 3*4 3813 or 341 1849 
O'F ffe flh E E S i 'in & ra 'ss~v n 'ite~ 
1oo% b rick 3- 2-2, sunken livin g oreo, huge m str bedroom , corpet, lowest down pm t, only 
3325 m onth I 
* 
344-5544 H o rt M cC orm ick 344-2993 
O ^ r 'f U l l ' B i tA R b n e a r T i " 
M a ry 's U n iv e rs ity . O w n e r w ill finance Nice 7 bedroom w ith dan. 
$13,2oo 923-4327, 924-1968 
Ronald Williamson 
O ff tim b e r C reek. L r i i, a ir, 
.s to v e , 
5275 t o ta l m o v e 
In , paym ents *245. 
474-6126 
RAE Real Estate 
-------------6 IT I 7 337',9oo----------------- buys this super Shenandoah 3-2-2 w ith c e n tra l heat and a ir, huge den , fir e p la c e a n d c a th e d ra l celling Coll now 
B E A U T IF U L VIE W from this B u lverde H ills 3-2-2 on I acre w ith covered patio, ce n tra l heat ond a ir and all appliances. 
Call today. 
JUST LIS TE D 
I L o ve ly 3 b e d ro o m , 2 bath w ith c e n tr a l h e a t a n d o ir , la rg e i covered patio and fa m ily room . 
F or only 532 ooo 
494 5571 
N ITE S *54-418* 

C e n t u r y 2 1 

W F m a V I r n 
• New Brick H——» • " Xtr~ 

• Neulh luklng Views 
• W oad** SJM* tar PRIVACY 
• 4 Choke Nor#, CommweHta* 
(Mchi8kg Mew •rewHehl 
• Lew tenet atake ee*y Pur­ chase Term* 
• 17oo ta. ft. living • 2 Ctxr 
On,og. 637,5oo 

Search The Home Marker Over 
THIN CeB USI S w j 
C o 
472-1o72 
Uyro) 
658-o27o 
' 
673-14o1 

J Ce, 

YESTERDAYS PRICE 
On this lovely 4 bedroom house in 
F orest Oaks Estates. P rice d at 
$46,5oo w ith over 19oo so P ***** home (gahires: fa m ily room with fireplace, dining room ond living room , fu lly carpeted, ra in gutters, 
: and much more, call today. 
684-433o 344-62o7 A n y tim e 

Beanie Owens Co 
P F A LT O R t-B ondo ro Rd Ofc 

214 • HOUSES SOUTHEAST jn rT rlc k T T o rn e M o T jiT T H v ln g room , dining room, fo m ily room , breakfast oreo. 
LE O N AR D , REALTOR S 
333 o64o 
441-3322 
•............." A lA fiN ^ ^ i 
This 3-2-2 is new on the m a rke t sa la k e o lo o k ’ C a th e d ra l c o llin g , large den w ith fireplace and gor geous new carpet. F orm ol dining o r liv in g 
E o u ity ond assum e 
Niles 826-7648 
Day or rate 455-6*48 
Mnitnn Southwest Realty 

U R G E I A M IIY ’S D fU G H T 
You will love this luxurious 4 bedroom, 2'ft both home pith fireplace ond Its own 78x39 heat rd pool Carpeting thruout and fully equipped kitchen 
Open 
Terms. 

SQUEAKY GLEAN 
3 bedroom home in Westwood 
Village Has central oh and heat, appliances, corpet ond m r HOO sq ft. of living area VA appraised at S23.7oo 

AVAILABLE N O W 
This 3 bedroom 7 kM j^o m e in to m b o y ’ A l I ' l l ’ im mfd mf w Q ■ * oreo ond Re 
Ho aly taxes Open teems. 
CONK ANO SEE lovely 3 bedroom home with carpeting range, refrigerator and fenced yard. located rn on oteo with easy access to bases, ex­ pressway and schools, low mon­ thly payments. 
W W 
WORLD WIDE 
REALTY 

W A K E F IE L D REALTOR S 
OVF V 
'A k R M T r b~ d'ro om~ 2 bath home has bea utiful b ric k tile flo o r* plus ca rp e tin g ! L ivin g and fa m ily ro o m s ...fin is h e d g a ra g e w ith sliding doors G ory pool! 
564,9oo. 
R E ALTO R S 
4*4-777! 

Guy Chipman Co 

O w ner. S i i, T O 'cock'T O 
O v rag d in in g , den, drapes, c a rp e t, cov patio , gas g r ill, p riv fence, 
532,5oo. 5253 mo 494 5191________ 

 re p la c e s I 
OWNER DYING ond o park-like acre lot m ake this 
_________________________ _ — hom e e s p e c ia lly a p p e a lin g to r ^ mova to the cowth-v- m ake this those who like to ' get aw ay from (h o m e h i* o w n . 3 b e d ro o m s , 7 

JOST LISTED 
L o v e ly 4 b ed roo om c o lo n ia l on lorge corner tot In prestige taco lion F orm ol livin g and dining in ond c o ly fo m ily room w ith fire place Lots of excellent features 
*7o,9oo N iles. 655-7383 
494 7711 
DON JOHNSON, R E ALTO R S 

PREFERRED PROPERTIES 

(O V ER 51oo,ooo) 

IO ACRES W ITH LA K E overlook log entire city. L o rte w e ll-m a in ­ tained older home, pool, kennel* and out-buiidings. N.E Schools. 

S E C LU D E D CUSTOM CONTEM - 
P O H A R Y in M a ry m o n ! a re o 
Decks and patios s u rro u n d g o r­ geous fre e -to rm pool. V e rs a tile ond unique plan includes exercise room , loH, and c h ild re n 's p la y r­ oom. 
B rochure availab le upon request. 

2 ACRES W ITH G OLF COURSE 
V IE W 
$ b e d ro o m s , 3’ i b a th s 
Outside deck off livin g ond fo rm a l dining room s C h eerful go u rm e t kltchen-breakfast area overlooks stone polio and garden 

C O LO N IA L E LE G A N C E 
S or 6 b e d ro o m s p lu s q u a rte r s . B ig coun try kitchen , gra cio u s liv in g and ba n q u e ! size d in in g room 
Beamed cathedral ceiling In den 
New o ve r s ire d pool. E xc lu s iv e 
Castle H ills Estates. 

B L U F F V IE W S c a p tu re d fro m a lm o s t e v e ry ro o m . D e s ig n e r b u ilt ond decorated 4 bedroom . study, gom eroom , pool, and 3-car garage. Hollyw ood P ork 

CUSTOM SPANISH. Close to Med 
C e n te r ond U T S A . S b e d ro o m s pius study, la rg e pool and sauna, lo v e ly co ve re d p a tio , sun deck and rock patio on 2 true-studded lots 

U N DER CONSTRUCTION 

H O LLY W O O D P A R K , o ve r 4ooo sa ft rock contem porary on large cut de soc lot w ith room fo r pool and tennis court. 

Bargain Hunters’ Special 
No down p o y m e n l, anyone con buy. M - Bedrooms. 2 baths, some w ith a ir and ail appliances F irst paym ent in May. 
BOB OePAOLO 
344-3o91 
REALTO R 
Bedroom home w ith drn, lenced y a rd , c e n tra l h e a t-a ir. $2o,5oo. 
924 111*, 337-4927 
H Y ATT R E A L ESTATE c e n tra l a ir 
-B e d ro o m ho m e , heat, fu lly carpeted, 317,5oo 
G olwav. 333 8o98 or 633 26o4 

BELLAIRE 
Just reduced lo vely 3 bedroom . 
I ’ j both w ith livin g room , dining room end lorge fa m ily room Heat and a ir FHA, VA term s available 

5 3 2 -5 2 4 5 
N ite s , 337-7133 

Deanie Owens Co. 
REALTOR 
S East Ole 

R pan p f ll A / P I K P f l those who like to -g e t aw ay from j2 i„ta ta ^ 'a m m a detached w ,,h •'« > » *’ w o o d , h ig h 
U b d l l l u U W u l lo U U 
It OII". For m ore intorm ottan, call 5 2 ra a * 2* 5 ^ 1o^ area onlJ ceilings, 3 bedroom s and study 
REALTOR S Bandera Rd Otc today 4*4 SH I (A N Y T IM E ) 
*24 58o' J * n * r *on 
o r* o, 
° " ,v 
Jenn-A ir center in kitchen 
RED CARPET 
EXQUISITE is the w ord to r this Castle M ills 4 b ed roo m , 2’ 1 d e c o ra to r b o th s, livin g , dining, den w ith fire p la ce p lu s lo v e ly p o o l In b e a u tifu l 
3 bedroom , 2 bath w ith new plush landscaped setting New custom i c a r p e tin g , c e n tr a l h e a t- a ir , fenced backya rd. 524,5oo. 
SANDISON R E A L T Y 
699 92o1 n e a , w . m T t 

 lady luck Has S M 

 drapes IM M A C U L A T E ! 
M onte H orton 144 2141 4S3-S93* 
BOB JONES, REALTOR S 
KEY GROUP 

Extensive Not Expensive 
Spacious 3 bedroom garden home w ith open loft perched atap flre- piaced liv in g o rc a V a u lte d be ­ droom ce ilin g s, b rig h t shiny k it ­ chen Low 4o s 
SANDISON R E A LT Y 
4*9-92o1 
F iNfe H6 h m i b f e S C R ffiT .- * b e d ro o m . !'> b a th s , o n ly 53oo down No c re d it? , No p ro b le m ' 
922 17o4. 474 75o9, 471 4714 

B e ryl W eigond 344-2341. 34? *465 
BOB JONES. RE ALTO R S 
KEY GROUP 

OWNER HATES IT 
T rouster red. hates to leave, I be 
.B ro o m , d ou ble g a ra g e hom e in 
Leon valley. L o re * beamed den, ate llv In g -d in ln g ro o m , c e n tra l te p g ra t* living . $2o2 mo heotrair P riced low JO s fo r quick SANDISON R E A L T Y 
4*9-92o1 

C A L L 4*4-5227 
A r m s t r o n g C o 

 sale 124 3211, 826 oo49, 122 5*7], 
822 91o3. 824-7114 

FIRST TIME 
F o r S o l* in W h is p e rin g O aks. I 
C u s to m b u ilt c o n te m p o r a r y 
Enorm ous liv in g and upper level ; lib r a r y h o v e d u a l fir e p la c e 
Separte dining, open sta irs lead to u p p e r p lo y ro o m 2 la rg e be j d re a m s , g o rg e o u s d o w n s ta irs m aste r, tons of e x tra s . A s k tor 
Beth Tot* 
341 9166 A N Y T I M E 

C e n t u r y 2 1 

- OWNED HUST SEU 
M ake o ffe r on e q u ity . B a bcock 
N o rth , 4 B e d ro o m s, I ’ > b a th s, 
I CC I l i u m 
O n h n n ln 
! central hea t-air, stove, re t dish 
U t nllml 11 uCnOulS washer *245 per mo. W ill trad e on 
) Bedrooms. 2 baths, la rg e fenced utm ost anything of value. y a rd Sm all cash down to anyone . 
BOB OePAOLO 
Paym ents less than re n t 
W ill 344-3o*1 
REALTO R 
• tfw tife ft' U A i j m f t f t f b — 
See to a p p re cia te . ) b ed roo m , I bath home. Spacious den. new ly re m o d e le d , lo rg e k itc h e n w ith d is h w a s h e r, a s s u m e o u r lo w e q u ity of 535oo a t 5231 a m o 

Mads Saki HAL RaaltoFS 

 trode! 
BOB OePAOLO 
344 3o91 
REALTOR 

LEON VALLEY AREA 

PRESTIGE LOCATION 
Y o u r w o rld Of to m o rr o w ca n begin w ith m is lovely Custom b u ilt 
I b e d ro o m h om e in e x c lu s iv e 
Castle H ills T e rra ce F o rm a l iiv rag room , separate dining room , la rg e den w ith fire p la c e , PLUS lovely b illia rd room See this o n *! 
344 8348 
G r a c e A r n o l d 
REALTO R S MLS 

K l 

MEADOW VILLAGE 
Hke corner lot goes with this beautifully 
T«MiiVa.o«d 
3-2-2, large ^ n g , (amity room*, fully cora*!*!, much more! Assume 
7% note at S236 mo. with equity or refinance. m i l LAQFIAM^*AEIIY 
Assume ION payment „t $14? mo with LOW equity and you hove 3 bedrooms, io ge fomily room, mony, mony extras! Coll for detwk. 
REALTORS 674-3552 
HODSDON 6 ASSOC. 
KEY GROUP 

A m ericana home i T M o w equity, 
*156 mo, assum e VA loon at 7», financing 684-3673, 413 314). 
A M E R IC A N A , J m in u te s fraps 
K e lly Nice 4 bedroom . $25o down, 
No Credit? No p ro b le m ! 922-17o6, 
673-4714, 674-75o9. 

4 75% ASSUADE 1.75% 
3 Bedroom , Both, Ronde, Corpet, 
Fence, C a rp o rt. B u y E q u ity or 
Refinance. Coll 
TE X VE T R E A L T Y 415-484o 

B E L L A IR E 8 il9 6 akbrooii 3 be 
Broom s, den, rem o dele d Inside 
$25,3oo Call 
IN TE R S TA TE 828-o75$ tit 8 pm 
B Y O w W eR , B e lla ire E d itio n , 
J-b e d ro o m . 2 b o th , c o rn e r lo t, 
SHOO down. $175-Mo. ow ner w ill tinqnce. Aft. 5pm 912-oo57 
B Y o A i^ E R , Unique S p a n ish 
B rick home. big lot. w ith pecan trees, separate w orkshop. 14x25. 
No Agents. 528,4oo 923 881o 
£6i)NtHV LIVING In fits d iw 
Home for lorge fa m ily plus land to r a big garden N e ar schools 
Open term s. 
SANTEX 
CO . 
REALTOR S 
__________ 
653 o44o 
D ellcrest new borne, b ric k 1-2 2 fireplace, central heat-alr. Term s a von 
LE O N AR D . REALTOR S 
313 o44o_________________ 4*1-3321 
E A S T S lb ^ . h o rn e r L o t, n e a r 
Coliseum , re d e co ra te d 9o2 Con ton. 2 bedrooms. I bath, fireplace, d o u b t g a ra g e *14,9oo. N o th in g down. VA, PMA term s or owner w ill c a rry note BE Y E R R E A LT Y 
*23 2o86 

3 bedroom, 2 baith large m aster. N f l$ D , 
G reenacres 341-5821 p riv a c y fence and b uilt-in kitchen. a(f j joom 
Only 53,14o equity and assum e 7 
*«% loan 684 72oo 
C E N TU R Y 71 Schneider Reoltv 

LEON V A L L E Y B E A U T Y 
P o pula r C a n te rfie ld , 3 ye a r old custom built, 4-3-2, den and living . 

 grooms with deluxe baths F am ily room has fireplace, fo rm a l dining or form al Hying room. C h u rch ill 
O il* 
RED CARPET 
342 3) 3 1 
REALTORS 

 o p re tty , reek hom e ond la rg e , s h a d y o a k s ! 
C o m p le te ly c o rb e le d 
3 b e d ro o m , 2 b a th home w ith livin g room plus fire- praced fam ily room 
554,ooo 
REALTORS 
*94 48)1 
Guy Chipman Co 

 a l l b r ic k n o d o w n 
Anyone on lu x u ry I l l in Leon 
Volley Beamed dining, spacious liv in g , h u g * m a s te r, c lo s e ts eotore. much m ore Only SIS.97 5 
1818 4343 
P rio n s R lly 
*34 o975 
ALMOST n e w I bedroom 2 bath home has unique polio gorgeous stone fireplace in huge. open Hy­ ing a re a ' Big kitch e n 1 
554.9oo 
REALTOR S 
4*4-777) 
Guy CNb b m Ce M 
L 
W 

APPROX >4 et an acre. lilie d with trees and an all prick home with cathedral ceiling and Hrepiace in 
•ne H e m * a re a * I b e d ro o m s. 3 
T errell H ills. By ow ner, 3-1. liv in g b a th s . M o rv *$ i_ O o K k itc h e n room w ith firepla ce, dining room . 
Of io rg# ram ify room w ith O Haras tile ttoor, Cent neat ana window units la rge rat w ith m any trees 
5)9,5oo 
8)4 41*7 
No agents 
F ltO W 

TNE G LE N 355* is en the cash needed 
2 la rg e b e d ro o m s . I ' t ba m s, do u b le g o rg e # , r a n * * . d is h w a s h e r, r e fr ig e ra to r g a r 
Doge d is p o s a l 
127 3 mo 
T e to t price $3o,2o8 CH AR LES WATTS 
REAL ESTATE 711 2918. 731 335$ 
I [timing ut Spring... ana s w im m in g » Ana w ant ta en toy the EASY L IF E * 
Then see th is lu x u ry g a rd e n h o rn *! 
E xce ptionally app ointed p ro p e r­ ty Small ra ra tor th * ta iv livin g end a beautiful swim pool tor ex erase ana entertainm ent 1*5 OOO 
EASY A S S U M P T IO N ! 828 *143, eves 45$ 2446 

 b on us ro o m } l x l l t 558,5oo 
R EALTOR S 
*94 4811 
Guy Chipman Co 

ARISTOCRATIC and gracious older $ bedroom s, ) bein some, bn J acres in Shavano 
P a rk 
S ce n ic v ie w , q u a rte r s , sprinkler system, fireplace, and a quiet wo# af tit* 
CaH 34* 143* A nytim e 
BASSE WEILBACHER 
INC REALTORS 

C m U n s I Associates 
"ii 

AS THM A SALE, o real B a rg a in tar lh * Knowledgeable. Leon Val ley, S I I aver >OOI a FI *41 9oo. 
Assume 6*4 8774 conventional 
ATTR A C TIVE 6 1 'I 2 in W hisper 
Oaks M usi see ta appreciate 
Call 

CASTLE n j LLS ESTATES L ux u ry fa m ily hom e fe a tu re s 5 be dreams. 3 t baths, separate living 
Ona d ining room s, fa m ily roam w ith we! Pgr and wood b u rn in g fire p la c e C o vere d p o lio , la rg e bock yard ideal tar grow ing fa m i­ ly 
P re stig e a rc o in NE School 
D is tric t.B24-oI7I A N Y T IM E 
ROSOW X KLINE 
R JA LTO R 5 5Q Years at TRUST 
C A S TLE H IL L S a g re p t lo co 
, Hen a great hom e1 4 bedrooms ) boths livin g , d in in g and fa m ily roams ond a patio over l l long! 
Storage galore leon tap rn 
REALTOR S 
4*4 7771 
Guy Chipman Co 

TM : Vink1: Spacial tra n s fe rre d ow ner nos tow ered lh * price IO 523,9oo p re tty es g p ictu re 4 bed room . } bom en a corner tat C entral heat and a ir, covered patio and ether e x tra s 
Com 818 5764 

IN TE R S TA TE ||8 j_7?5 t t l j j m 
BARGAIN P RI C ED 

C A S TLE H IL L 5 a g re a t taco 
•ion o great ham# • 4 bedroom s J baths liv in g , d in in g and fa m ily room s and a patio aver 38 tang' 
Storage galore 
5*7 5oo 
RE ALTO R S 
494 7 771 

HOW ARD TA TE REALTO RS 
F i t *6 fc i k iN '6 '------------- 
Near USAA ond M edical Canter, ta re * lu x u ry home w ith over 3,ooo sa ti 3' > baths, huge den, office 
New heated pool This home has it a ll! Call todav. Owner leaving city. 
4 STAR SPEC IAL 
E LE G A N T CONDO OFF VANCE 
JA C K S O N . 4-2 7, la rg e fa m ily roam w ith hrepiace O ver 22oo sa t i and I f s lo a d e d ! P ric e d fo r quick sale a l 
$54,8oo. 
Have several— 
C e n t u r y 21. 
W hitehead H oliday 
684 37)1 
REALTOR S 

FIVE ACRES 
Plus 4 bedroom s, 3' i baths, and aam * room w ith 3 yeor old ham * 
: ftre o ia ce C o untry style kitch e n 
< ana dining 
A ppointm ent only. 
$74,5oo 
; Coll 349-14)4 A nytim e 

BASSE WEILBACHER 
INC, R EALTO R S 
I 
F o re s t G len. 1-1-1, $iove. dish- j w a sh e r, a ir. c a rp e t. 8)5o to ta l move in, paym ents 529*. 
*74 4124 
RAE Real Estate r a m r S A V r h v ow ner' W it, 
Sd ti 3 ) 3 J yrs old *29oo equity 
Assume 5327 per me No openly 
*84 7478 r s n T Y r s i T r r i t o w ^ r r m m oculate 4-1-2, form al Hying, din rag room , fa m ily roam w ith H r* place M ature trees, la rge lot. lots stora ge im m e d ia te occu p a n cy 
M u tt se* to a o p re cia t* *84 )79? 
7o43 F o rts ! M ont *45 9oo 
---------------Fg R E S T g r g -s--------------- 
Ail brick, I bedroom , 2 baths. Obi garage and landscaped lo perlec 
Hon Near Med Center w ith club facilities availab le 
*54 12)4 

RED CARPET f 6 A I {T W 
T I 
V 3 w s f s r 
Im mac u ra l* 4-3-2, a ll b ric k , liv ­ ing dining . den, H repiace, m any extras 543.5oo 481 o41* 
F a r t I t C a i??--------------- 
NEW ON M A R K E T ! Spacious 4 bedroom Spanish Split bedroom pion enorm ous ftrepioced den 
547 IOO 
RE ALTO R 
691-1)86 
C e n t u r y 21 
B L A IN E LUOW IG A ASSOC. 

 i n H 
T r r n i U T iE u i m m o i 
T IO N , 
C A R F C T tD 
O N L Y 
518,5oo 
I ELK 
O FF B L A N C O 
RO N ile s 454 4521 B R E N N E R 
REALTOR S 344 3471 
HARMONY HILLS 
A ttra ctive heme in choice neigh bor hood ) bedroom J bath, cen tra i heat a ir, ra rg * covered batta, p r iv a c y f tn c p , e u ra a e . n e a r schools end shopping 
Ready to eccuoy Good titrant rag 519 5oo 
M ONTE VISTA R E A LT Y 
715 o485 R BA L TORS MLS 111 oo75 

PANORAMIC VIEW 
B Y O W N E R 

. e n 
^ 
. .... D is tin c tiv e e x e c u tiv e c u s to m p r iv a c y K F C F .A II b r ic k . L o w b r lc h . p fe n c p c o n te m p o r a r y 
SSO s. Also have pood selections at townhouse design, te rra ce d rock, 
_ r . . . . . . . double tai (no g rass), 27oo sa ti 
I «rfLX 
I 
4' J' 31’ *F ,ro1 * lo irc o s e ta e n te r- 
J in r / h w . d 
L r u h l toinm ent lo ft averlo okino IO x 24 h a m ! Hv! m m d ranino d ill i t a i <,en‘ * “ PP#r M p#C kl o ffe rin g i? , uon oro m ic c ity view M ony lux- 
-L u rv featu res, im m a cu la te condi- 

SO CONVENIENT! 
To sa m a n y p la c e s ; M e d ic a l 
Center, Southwest Research, d ir­ ect ta 4)o, excellent schools This 
I lovely I bedroom b ric k home in e xc lu s iv e C h a rte r O aks Dos sa mony fine features, let us tall you about them. 
144 8146 

G r a c e A r n o l d -CR* 
R EALTO R S MCS 
S32- 
— r r R E W k tH MILLS-------- 
'A p p ro x 2 6 acres, H ' v l , tree s, 
' lots of space tor horses 559,9oo 
*84-4747B lo lle r, B ro k e r*!) u » j 
L b N 'i E t U 'iL L T T e — 
U 'e d ira l 
Center and USAA, finest 3 2 den b rick, deligh tful garden roam ond patio, d istin ctive ly diffe re n t. Low 
SO'* price 824 45o7. 

E xcellent income property. 7 unit apartm ent building, fu lly fu rn ish e d , sepa rate m ete rs 
Ceil Olga tar details 

ERA 
JACK MITCHELL 
S32-31o7 
R e a lto r 
673-o1o8 
I ii 6AlwAy7Ti eft Lquity'ond assume. (B ill Goodwin) Leonard 
Realty, 734ta7S6 
____________ 
Highland Mills. J bedrooms, nice, 
57SO move in. M ay paym ents *17$ 
674-411*_______ RAE Real Estate 

•ATTENTION CASH BUYERS 
3 BEDROOM IN CHOICE A R E A 
727 C A N T R E LL - 54.5oo CASH 
525 V E R N E $4,8oo CASH 
2o7 M O C KET, $5,5oo CASH 
2o3 M O C KER T $6,5oo CASH 
O PEN 7 DAYS A W EE K 

ALLSTATE REALTORS 

1o58 
Bandera Rd. 
4333295 

 be I H(!)WiaWM^o IW 6 L L ¥ V 
HI. only *1oo down fo r a like new 3 bedroom, just 5)55 m onthly. Call now ! 922-1/o4, 474-75o9, 6743-47)4 

 b e A u t i T u C 
F A "H W 6 6 b 
T O W N H O M E , ch o o se fro m 3! 
Just 52oo down, pa ym e n ts tra m 
5165 *22-17o6, 673-47)4, 474-75o* 
PAT M CVEY R E A L ESTATE 

 b e h i n 6 
F 6 b k A S T — p a y m e n t, 3 b e d ro o m , g a ra g e 
*12,95o M ust see lo believe Call now before its too late 
Hablom os Espanol 
RAE R E A L ESTATE 474-4124 
BY Ow Aj e A. 3 bedroom , den. OO- 
Ho V e ry clean Across John Ken- nedy High 733-679o_____________ 
C U T I A c b z Y tow nh om e w ith c e n tr a l H A . $1oo d o w n , S I I * m onthly. 
*22-17o4, 
673-4714. 
674 75o9 

H IG H L A N D H IL L S , M a k e o ffe r on th is spacious I be droom . livin g room , furnished kitchen, garage, fenced yard. 
VA FHA Call Olga, 

31o7 
JACK MITCHELL 
R e a lto r 
473-o1o1 

 huge pecan trees 
All ta r under 
59o.ooo 
FOREST OAKS ROCK 
W ith ya rd tail ol oak trees U nu­ sual, and so lik e a b le ! 3 2 2. fir e ­ p la c e in b ig liv in g ro o m 
T h is choice p ro p e rly only *44.5oo 
C e n t u r y 21 
W H IT E H E A D H O LLID A Y 
481 o3oo 
RE ALTO R S 
L bM TA ' F A IW -'nl ce i bedroom 
I both, near bus, being redecorged 
M u rry! 
HOOMES A B R IS C O ! 
*28 4331 
RE ALTO R S 
475-o494 
L b v fe L V H b r iY A ib f lB * A fc d ' 
Enorm ous treed tat ..com fortable hom e has c o u n try k itc h e n , fir# place in fam ily room F o rm a l Hy­ ing. dining room s 3 bedroom s, ) baths 
549.9oo. 
RE ALTO R S 
4*4-7771 

Guy Chipman Co 
— 
T o w t o [HTV----------------- 
A pprox *2,475 assum e* this 8* i% 
VA loon on this 3-2-2 in g ro w in g 
NW area Smoke a la rm , re frig , washer and d ry e r included 5)oo mo *32,9oo 
RE ALTO R 
4*1-13oo 
C e n t u r y 21 
E L A IN E LU OW IQ A ASSOC 
“H I W gmJfgHILL HI w a lk to a ll I schools tra m th is spacious 4 bedroom . 3 bath home 
L o re * " L ” shaped liv in g d in in g c o m b in a tio n , e n o rm o u s t ir e 

Hon 
Babcock Rd and Loop HO area 
4142 HIG H SIER R A 
Reduced $1o,ooo to $82,5o8 
By opp'), O wner, 494-2227 

P A B K F O R E S T 
ExcepHonal home, nestled under the oaksl T ra d itio n a l 1 1 1, ONE 
L IV IN G w ith fire p la c e , fo rm a l drain* Custom b uilt ins Loads et 
Storage! 
MORE fro m 
$58,1oo 
49o-988) 

GREAT AMERICA 
R E A L T O R S 

PATIO P E S 
3 2-7 in Babcock North, handy ta 
UTSA USAA. E nergy saver, b u ilt in kitchen *1o.458 V A -F H A E n c 
Nagel. *94-53)8, 4*4 1712. 

PROFESSIONAL REALTY p r A ? i r a f C T 9 i t i f t : - t t . ii „ . n constructed new 3 bed* aam home is located in a prestigious, h ea vi­ ly w o oded N o rth s id e n e ig h b o r­ hood Just p ictu re your fa m ily in fro n t of this bea utiful fire p la ce on cold w inter nights. E nergy saving featu re* thru out 
4** 5221 
(A N Y T IM E ) 

RED CARPET 
— FL'A'Ufs N TUIW6J--------- wW be happy on shuttered porch, 
I-1, dining, big Hying room 
I 
MAC R E A L ESTATE 628 2321 

P R IC K R E D U C E D ! 
G re a t b u y , e v e r I bo* sq It in 

HTgW T IW g 'P m 
— on G reer, la rge 2 bedroom , cen­ tra l heat and a ir, 2 c a r garage. 
Buy equity and assume. 
R E N F R O R E A L T Y 
____________ *11 3363____________ 

H IG H LA N D S BEST 
B e autifu l 1-3-3 en golf view w ith tao m ony extros ta m ention Call tar details todav 
1oo% PERM ASTON E 
L o ve ly 3 bed roo m nea r schools and shopping in H ighlands area v a appraised $17,5oo Call Jim todav 
53) 3252 
N ITE S 3)7-4823 
C e n t u r y 21 
W A K E F IE L D REALTOR S 

LIKE NEIN 

L v m v u iV M V , i, WT IT.VV7A m w r t o T ti U V, O V fr IVOV %Q I t if 
W iSiS1" 
A g r e a t ' FOREST OAKS Tree studded tat, 
(am il v home I *34.o88 fenced, w ith ) bedroom s 2 baths 
R EALTO R 
AR1-1AQo ’ % «paro*« liv in g , p a n e le d den . rn 
_ _ 
B O N U S R O O M 2 V a c a n t. N e w 
C e n t u r y 21 

REQUA REALTY CO 
- 

E Y O W N E R . O A K M E A D O W 
Beautiful, ta r*# 2-*tary. 4-1*1, 2 yr. old home Large corner E xtro s galore E xce lle nt condition O nly 
543.9oo 492 1924 
THE iU M iU lt, i 7 -gW H T g . f i }. 
H re p o c *. cu sto m b u ilt, cu sto m d rapes, c o rp *!, b u ilt-in s , la rg e pan try, self d e a n in g double oven. p riva cy fence, *94-2*72. fffW HVIfeW -t TTT Y 'f i T i l . 
75% brick home w ith doubt* fire ­ place d iv id in g th * eunken liv in g room and paneled lo m tly room intercom end p riva cy fenced 
14)4- IM I 
RED CARPET 
REALTO R S 

TRIPPY TRI LEVEL 
L s c a te d in b e a u tifu l S e neca 
Estates on large lot. 3 bedroom s pius hobby room or office V e ry unique floor pion 
Call now, 
*64 72oo 
CE N TU RY l l Schneider Realty tw in Creek, f i - I , like new, m any e x tra s 
M a ke o ffe r en e q u ity . 
441-8373 aft spm and weekends 
VA' i y m ru t -------------- 
What a bargom t F ully carpeted. central a ir. 3 bedroom s, 2 betas 
M osier l l x 38, don 12 I 24, lo rfe ploy room . O vor 2,ooo sa ft tar 
527 OOO Near L M Hi 
G LE N O AKS FA R K 
Just L iste d ! N e ar M ed ica l cam pies Lovely, clean. 3 bedroom s, I ba th s, bra den. c e n tra l a ir, on cor nor tat P ric e d in M id 52* t. hove 2 other on corners, same a rea! 
FOREST OAKS 
. 
. . 
________ 
A ll b ric k , near pool end te n n is 
2 
F lC A iT V A L L I V , O lder 
F u lly carpeted, 3-2 2, la rg e den, *?!"4- I l-c a rtd rt, targe tat. only 

 i i bedrooms. ? baths, redecorated in side ond out, c o m o ta ta lv c o r oeted, centro! heat 

BOB B IL L A R E A L ESTATE 
534 88o8 
133 1441 
33) 1744 

N E A R 
R IG S B Y . 
A r e a l ch a rm e r. 4 b ed roo m , stove, r e fr ig e r a to r , n ic e v o rd . fenced VA-FH A Call alga 

ERA 
VIJ 31o7 
JACK MITCHELL 
Realtor 
473-o1o1 

NICE! NICE! HIK ! 
THI* sharp 3 bedroom home Is In e xce lle n t c o n d itio n F e a tu re s o large fam ily roem with fireplace jO n a fe n c e d d o u b le le t n e a r 
Riysbv and the loop A splendid value tar only 
SU.OOO 
Mites, 
*54-8124 
828 8241 
DON JOHNSON. REALTO R S mm. 

E L A IN E LU DW IG A ASSOC 

NEAR MEDICAL CENTER 
Lo a d e d w ith c h a rm . O n * v e ry ta rp * liv in g area w ith ca thedral ceding, hrepiace ond deluxe wet bor, separate dining. 3 bedroom s 
341-7)41 nites 342-682* Ask ta r 
V IR G IN IA N IB N D O R F F 
JOHN FLOURNOY IHC 

N E A R 
W O N D E R L A N D 
Super cle a n , a ll ro o m s a r * sp a c io u s . 3 b e d ro o m , den , s e p a ra te d in in g ro o m , k it ­ chen, m ony cabinets, goroge w orkshop VA F h a Coil O tto 

5188 month 
*75-14*1, 
474-1777, 
423-572o 
PO IN TER R E A L ESTATE 

ONLY I LEFT 
A t fir s t th e re w e re m a n y, now we've only one et these beauties 
•eft I bedrooms, w ith central Iraqi 
R E A L T Q B s ond re fin is h e d m $ id * ond o u i 
Fma out why, this is such a gooa deal 

J bed roo m , 2 both heme 
BOB B IL L A R E A L ESTATE 
, , 
- r 
---------- ---------------r 
- I lu s t I blo ck fro m the m att 
A ll 534-64o4 
3)3-1448 n i iiM l£ f< p p lf M 
M r i l l b r In J t e g u lt r b r ic k w ith liv in g , a m in e a n d 
• •• i i l ' T * 
1744 

316,9oo 4*o *8o2 

GREAT AMERICA 
R E A L T O R S 

PSSSTT 
I 
GOTTA MINUTE? 
Com# take a took at ta i* l-s ta ry 

 high 53o $ Also 4 7 2 at 543 5oo 
Another 3-3-2 at *44.3oo A ll w ith oak tree s, in th is po p u la r a re a . near M edical Complex 
C e n t u r y 21 
W hitahpod-Npi’day 
684 3711 
8 “ ■ i 
WALK TO 
C E NTR A L PARK M A LL 

ERA 
332-31o7 
JACK MITCHELL 
Realtor 
473 o1o8 

Northwest area 4-3-2 w ith fam ily 
I roam, huge covered patio, ond an ook tro t that's at least IOO years old. Att on g corner tat *41.984. 
C e n t u r y 2 1 
Schneider Beany 
484 7244 
R g r n r r o # . g ft r - f TK T r W i bota nome is shag carpeted., has form at livin # room F am ily room w ith beam ed ce ilin g , fire p la c e ’ 
544 98* 
R EALTO R S 
8*44111 

 fa m ily room s th a i have received much tender loving care Cen tar additional details, 424-o17t 

RED CARPET 
BEALTO RS 
-WI T f S K r - g p f H H ftU U - 
BY 
O W NER—WB EK BNO, 
I lo lo rn 

JANNER SAYS SELL 
11 1 I, a ir and central heat. carpet and all ta * e xtra s Cen and see whot a deal you con have 

BOB B IL L A R E A L ESTATE 
514 SSO* 
111 USS 
31117*4 

 p C T S -T A l L I V ie o u M u i f } - } c e n tra l heat a ir. den. fire p la c e . 

 h a i F f c t i 'g 'r 
' M"ok~e cosh ofter on 4 room house. $ox14o lot 923-4327, 424-1777 
Ronald Williamson 
H E ftTf A g t T a B M ; lo v e iv T '}-"}. w ith p riv a c y and cham link fence 
B e a u tifu l c a r p e t th ro u g h o u t, flow ered gorden in Iron !. 434-2141. 

RED CARPET 
REALTOR S 

HIGHLAND HILLS 
O utstanding J targe bedroom s. I b a th , d o u b le g a ra g e , s e p a ra te 
Hvina and dining roam s, c e n tra l heat and a ir, approx t«o4 sa. t i . carpet and hrepiace. Sit.5o4 
Van Bunn I Assoc 
6847)71 
699-oo46 
734-o78* 

JUST LISTED 
M in t co n d ition, 3 -1 'r t , hom e, in 
Westwood V illage M ony features 
VA 521.58o. 
475-285o 

Deanie Owens Co 
REALTO R S S W est Otc 
I AFB* L A F t, 3 "b e d rta m s - |o o T od. $2oo total move in. paym ents 
5)75 
674-4134 
RAE Real Estole k e'L'L'V LAlWLIH B-WTL'Fg'Bf6 ' 
H A LL AR E A I and 4 bedroom s, paym ent* less than rent Anybody can b u y 
F ir s t p o v m e n t M a y . 
From SISO ta 525o Netam q down. only 
53oo closing 
Hablom os 
E soanol 
RAE 
R E A L 
E S TATE 
*78-413* la c k la n d T e rra c e , by o w n e r', w a lk to John J a y , 5 m in (ro m 
K e lly - L o c k la n d 
3 b e d ro o m . 2 both. 2 car fo ra g e , den and tire p la c e 
P a tio c o v e r, c a r p o r t, c e n tr a l a ir h e a t, c a rp e te d th ro ughout, w ith e le c tric range, d is h w a s h e r, e tc. A ssu m e * ’ x% w ith e q u ity o r r e fin a n c e a t 
329,58o *74 713* att $ tar qgg't 
L a c k la n d T e rra c e , bv o w n # /, 
1 1 1, ce n t a ir h e a l, cov p a tio , 
•a rg * fenced y a rd , 1oo% A u stin pink stone, 526,4oo 444 4o4o att 3 
M 'cTu Il6'SJi, N T c 'e T 'n e a T T b T droom home, w a lkin g distance to s c h o o ls 
A s s u m e V A le o n a r refinance VA 
H UGHES A BRISCOE 
4?4-4331 
R E ALTO R S 
623-3474 
Meor K elley- Lackland ared. 4 v a w n e r, 3 b e d ro o m , I bath, co r port, torge vord Coll 42) 5)2o 
B T a~ r~ t f lT * I a n rt.'T J e o l to? sm all famNv w ith sm all budget. 2 bed roo m tow nh om e w ith I bath and double c a rp o rt, c e n tra l a ir and heal, and dPpHances O nly 
187o e q u ity a n d to k e o v e r paym ents of *148 474-5411 

RED CARPET_ _ 
N ice 4-bdrm ., I M T M T c E fti k lr 
.h e a t la rg e lo t. p rlv e c v fe n ce 
I fa u lty and assume 7% VA leon, 
5152 OO per me. 22* 1*1* 927-2624 m g o ld e r Hom e 
H 'J e n ~ne d o w n , $186 m o n th 
*75 1*41. 
| 474-1777, 41) 5726 
PO IN TER R E A L ESTATE i ra g K w v r e -g i i g m — 
NS PROBlfM! 
No down paym ent Ie anyone 14 bedroom s. 2 botas Som# w itn a ir end e ll opplionces F e rm e n t* lf * * than re n t’ 
BOE OePAOLO 
532 5251 
R E A LT O R 
N g -g g W H' t g W 
T------------ im m a c u la te 3 b e d ro o m he m e , paneled den. steve, re frig , la rg e fenced y a rd pa ym e n ts cheaper than rent See ii today! 
B R IG H A M R E A L T V 67) MOI 

F in e r e s id e n tia l a re a , w ith in «orp#t, b u ilt in * Coli today 

 ewMioHOME* Guy Cliipinan Co 
Double a ttraction Lovely i story 
Orick. I i i , den (F F I bun! in k it c hen 
F L U S m a tc h e d 5 ro o m p ric k hem e enhanced by w ailed pones On >« acre Mony e xtra s 
S/4, IOO * 2* 2347 Realtors e t 
I 
^ 
_ i n SUO jra r K ro n e r* 

12* *7*4 REMJTOrX AS) 4248 Thelm a B. P re s s m a n 
SOB HODGERS________ 
TODAY $ BARG AINS 
New ta m arket, exceptionally nice 
12 hem# w ith artic# Cen to se# ta ll un#- A good Our tar O M m ils 
T e rro r# O nly 5)6 9*o C anyon 
•tonal ar assume 
NO W ORRIES 
C arefree liv in g cen be yours rn ta:* nice 3 2 condo w ith Hrepiace 
Use of tennis court poolside loco iran. u tilitie s , m p m te n e n ce and association tees o r# in clude d in un* paym ent an ta r |14,9*« As­ sume conventional 
E X E C U TIV E SPECIAL 
F a n ta s tic c o u n try e s ta te , Uke p ro p e rly w ith 4-2 2 heme Green 
Reuse, 26x48 heeled poet, tennis court and norse peins 
AH tar 
»I SS-GGG 

) bedroom home w ith pane*mg, auth m and Seco rate re n ta l house, 
Only 522 35o R E 
In te rn a tio n a l 
194 2144 days 221 J IH tales 

5 4 3 BEDROOMS! 
3-4 BATHS! 
$79,5oo TO SU6,ooo! m 
INTEREST AVAIL! 

OAK VALLEY OAKOREEK NMTI f m odels open d o ily specious, gracious living , orgraiai designs 
I w ill trade Out Vance Jo t*vo n , I mite tram 4to 
C e n t u r y 2 1 Mint kinder h o r . 
W H IT E H E A D H O LID A Y 
J9I / " » i i E L T o t s 

C.M. FUHR CO. 
Seecioiiiin g N o rthside 7317141 

COLONIES NORTH 
C ustom b u ilt, b a u w titu l dra p e s and f o r i, - 1, 4 lu re * bedroom s, 3 lu xu ry botas, 2 fireplaces, central heat a ir 
Call 
*14 4521, nites 
*24 o744 

Turner Realty 

COLONIES NORTH 
Im m o c u lq te . sp a c io u s 2 S tory 
4 2' l l In te rio r redecorated, neor 
M fd C o m p le x , U T S A 
B te rn school, shopping 834 45/1 
Nation Cory. REALTORS 

COLONIES NORTH 
Com pletely redecorated, included all new c a rp e t’ ) bedroom . 2 beta w ith a big covered patio L arge u tility room, fo rm a l dining G raal lo ca tio n ’ 548.848 *41 322), nit#* st* (tai* 
A IL L SO UTHERN R E A L TOR 

M E D 
A m ountain side fo r y o u r bock y a rd ! E x q u is ite , I b e d ro o m , J bota T ri level w ith balcony dining ro o m 
P o rfy s n * , c e d a r de ck e v e rta o k in # th e h ill c o u n tr y 
556.544 
See it by a p p o in tm e n t with V ickie Lone, agent tar the builder 
141 1154 
N ile * 42* 3*91 

HIDDEN CREEK 
Th* garage is ta tfe tu ily co n ve rt­ ed ta a game in this 3 bedroom . I beta home 
A playhouse and o fre o n house decorate this fenced bock yard 
494 3*41 A N Y T IM E 
GALE REAL ESTATE 

B eautiful 4 bedroom s, ranch style nom * 
2 ta il betas, to re * tarm ut living e ta l den Com pletely fenced w ith s ta b le s 
A p p ro x im a te ly 5 ocre s 
P ric e d lo self. 5135.ooo 
Niles, 494-3116 
494 7711 
DON JOHNSON. BE ALTO R S 

531.45o NEW HOME Spanish de 
«ign 
C u rv e d d riv e w a y e n te rs u v # rsued double ga ra g e 
F u lly paneled fa m ily room 
1oo% VA 
Quick move in F irs ! paym ent in 
M e v ’ t *21 8)41, eves 341 o414 
Cornelius I Associates 
NCWTTCTTBaTi'glineral iseme ideal tar lorge I e m ily 8 Bedroom s plus q u a rte rs 
S p urious fa m ily room is 24 X 14 )' w ith fireplace 
Recently redecorated b r it h ! end 
Cheerful kitchen Separate hying and dining room s O versued lei 
Convenient ta schools gnd m elts. 
494 2451 A N Y T IM E . 

M H L U M I 
WO H TV TAVE!>---------- 
But close ta M e d ic a l co m p le x 
Cute cieqn I bedroom , I yr old home on nearly an acre. Assume paym ents under 
*19o. total 
114.375 
SENECA ESTATES 
N e ar s ta rts and M e d ic a l C o m ­ plex 3-2-2, liv in g , den w ith tire p ie ce , o ffic e , e ll c e r a * '# * and lo v e ly 
Y a rd fu ll e l tre e s , th is choice p ro p e rly only 544,94o 
W IND WOOD 
2 ' i b e r e t e l b e a u ty w ith c u s ­ tom b u n t * b e d ro o m s. I b a th s, 
Hugo den, with bar and ti replace, 
(Overed polio low t/o s HOV# ) groat homes in tm * area of big tat* 

Guy Chipman C o ; 

R O O M TO S I R l l - t k 
- 

 w a lk in g d is ta n c e to s c h o o l* . 
Shopping, tra n sp o rta tio n J la rge bedrooms livin g roem cmd dining earn b u ilt in k itc h e n , ta n g le d den. central e ir and heat F rice 
529 258 Pleas* COH 7)5 5584 

13)4144 
Nites 333-8181 
•OFF 41o MAUBACH IO .* 
727 Singing W ind, 8-1' ii , no down ta anyone cell 
C e n t u r y D I 
' 
H om elm re R I Ct. 
■ ■■■ r n 4251 

Over 2788 sq lf w ith form at Eying 
^ W it t I YW iM oop a re a s 
G R E A T 
R O O M w ith 
N * « r • • • " « 811* A 3 bed roo m 
F IR E P L A C E , h u g e t o ! in k it double fire p la c e 
SIS 588 
O w n e r w ill chen I 4 bedroom s. J baths, double g or b l fre s h ly p a in te d I IN 
C o lo n ie s n o r t h . 5* 3,588 
*98-9881 

 c a rry note 
828 *477 
73) 7141, 
144 1*13. 

ST HEDW IG AR BA 
,2 Bedroom heme Living and din lh * arco LeH al fru it and pecan trees Chicken pen fenced 188 * 
I Sd ta t 
185o6 
R o b e rta W h ite 
13) 71*3, nit#* 3 )1 17*3 
BOE JONES, REALTO RS 

M i l . M 
W 
U M , FUHR CO 
KEY 6 R o U P 
R E A L T O R S 
TAVT"VgUlt H FEBiT-------- 
Would Mkt ta buy a taw equity or assume on 3 bedroom s, 2 baths in northwest San Antonio Witt cen lib e r duplex «)* 4voo offer noon 

SFNANDDAH 
This one is highest on the h ill I bedroom s, 2 baths ond separate living , dining, and fa m ily room s e t r se it . i t ts th e b e s t b u y around in lh# 38 * 
249 3513 pf 349 U l t , anytim e 

WHISPERING OAKS 
B e a u tifu l 3 2 2 w ith c a th e d ra l ceilings throughout lom n# room w ith fireplace, beautiful yard et fie# or bonus ream 5*2 too N iles, 
492 9187 
344-3871 
; 
DON JOHNSON, REALTO R S 

KEY SR O U R 
WHOSE DOUSE IS UMI? 
Peep'* often ask about this place. it m vilg * a dm iration Now, it cen be yours because it tust com e en the m arket W ould you believe a g a rd e n in a b a th ro o m ? A b e ­ droom w ith a greenhouse* Why net coil end m ake on uppoim m enl 

KEY GROUP 

 o il 

SIZZLING HOT BUY in s p ir a t io n 
H ill* a re a im 
. 
_ 
„ 
-------------- mgc -note ell b ric k 3-|-|, Paneled 
'• 
Ita l uniquely b uilt horn* in den. I ell tile baths, ta re * uvm g tashmneble Lour et Hills room, dining ream , carpeted end d ra p e d 
C e n tra l n e a t end a ir, cowered patio B eautiful treed lei 
Also 5 b e d ro o m . I b a th s , den 
539 *88 3*19 M ohegan Open ie till dusk 

344-43o7, 684 433o Anytime 

216 house: to m m m 

 o n 
1 n m n i m s h i . p rivacy lensed, a ir Ne down, 5258 
C lasing 
*9* 7478WA VNR SLATER 2*4 893* 
5 -A ffa )4 6 n * L tA S A N Y6 N B g n tq r Viborg! Owner financed 
HUGHES A BRISCOE 
934 42)1 
R EALTO R S 
*21 3979 b a il I ----------- 
A lm o n new ) bed roo m 
I bath with country kitchen tile d equity assume VA loan * 5* i i i * 
I 
HED CABRET 
I I I, o il b r ic k , range? frid g e , fe n c e d y a rd a n d tg rg g tre e * 
A v a ila b le new 
E q u ity and a t ­ turn# 1159 paym ents 
C e n t u r y 21 
R d RANSOM R E A L T Y *7 ) 778! 

 a l L' W 
V p I I t f fT WOR Ie I q, T 
'and I ta p ro o m beauty Only tid e d o w n . AiS9 m o n th ly 
H u r r y ! 
921 1/8*. *74 7589. *71 4/14 
-n r.-n T T s rn T T S T T T r 
•5 215 I * * * tx e t u i SNP NI W I 
• 34 4987 
5126 me 
J A J R E A L T Y 874-6863 A nytim e 

•6 N ( V 5 i* M T gOTTY 
I Lockland Terrace, be a u tifu l I be d ra e m , I b a th nom e w ith den , i corp#!, ce n tra l a ir, work shop, end m uch m o re ' Coll now 
P R ID H A M R E A L T Y 47) 1461 
I lo a m House, clo s* id K elly end 
Lackland 
AP E, 
4918 
F n d e li, 
I 7>S taljl 
I Pl u t o n , G erald IT nu # 'old* J ro o m h o m e 
A r r e s t st fro m school 517 588 Norm s.de Really 
) /ii 89*i /is an i r n i v a m 
” i u Y " g r T a T 
I YEAR I 5 bedroom J ', Oath, I cor gar ape, t lie r * h o m e . F o rm a l livin g end a m in e g re e t, la rg e 
•am ity ream with hrepiace, tire 
' ele c t in master bedroom, cedar closet. 28 x 14 * c t v t r t d patio, 
I« arachne w ater softener, equity and Ossun'* e/5 2151 
RED CARPET 
*"** V H lF f y W li f l l T M----------- 
O ld e r 3 b e d ro o m 
I b a in hom e w ith double c a rp o rt b u l uke new 
C arpel, new sell cleaning range, ira # * , end m u ch mere! V A ne down paym ent 
B RIG HA M R E A LT Y *23 1481 
« a V ’ R * H T ,W ei»"vou con b u .'a b e a u tifu l I or 4 b td ru e m nome w ith attached garage some w ith appliances Ne deem l f anyone 
HUGHES A BRISCOE 
924 41JI 
R EALTO R S lU W Ii* 
Ii T I U/ IT H Pli l P U e f TTtft s a lt., I i x 14- p o lio en d ro p t* 
Hey book shelve* in term ly room 
E quity and assume 475 2)52 
RED CARPET 

^ 

218 HOUSES MOVED 

 d o v 
Excel G o vn T T H d d "N e w T e o ? T ca n t u t 
38 u t * ' , i i * 8 1 ' o n d 9 o '. 
<13-1331, *75 1733 

22s SU8UR8AX mmv< 

: 
BEDI BUT HOMES m 
N e w 3 b d rm . I b o th h o m e * 
. 
I B d rm ., t b o th h o m e * 
W E B U IL D A N Y S IZ E 
J O P S O N L 
B 
B 
________* 1 * H S * 

J! T B o o m fro m e h o u s e *, to be o ld o nd m o ve , A tte r 5 w k d a v * . a ll o v S u n d a y, 344-783* 
S M A L L I B E D B O d w l MO m I T l oon e ach O ne l l b d rm , t i h it fh e n , l l b a th s . 7 o x 1 7 4 ft 
M o te l 
Ida M o v e d . *14,ooo *14 125*. 

 t i 
We B uy H o use * To BE M o ve d t r a i t s ? 
T il 41)3 
- 224 HOUSES, SALE OR RENT 

.D o w n to w n D u p le x . c o n v e rts to 
*3 I . 
3 1 S B a r r e r a , n e o r b u s , s c h o o ls 
*1 2.o o o 
B y o w n e r , 
~824 4246 o r o ft.6 p m 734 4356______ 

226 SUBUBBAHI PROPERTY 

BIST U n it RANCH 
IN KERR COUNTY 

367 Err#*, exreHent grating for stock, 4 postures, good fences, deer and turkey Comfortable ? bedroom ranch house 
Perfect retreat or home Excellent Einoit- ring 

NAYLOR REALTY 
INC. 
P.O. Bes 51 
Ingram, Tw as 78o25 
PRON!: (512) 367 5318 lucille Bogan (512) 367-233o 
Beano Smith (512) 367-5592 
Jacob Wembalmer 
(512) 257-3o9o 

WILSON CO. 
ELOItSVIUE • Ijjrge 3 2. J hr* places. Other extras 568,ooo • 3 7 
I kick, large lot, 1?So cg ft liymg oreo 
Other extras. 
SJ9.Soo 
• 
Several lots 
LaVEINEA a 3 Acres just off Hwy 
87 Restricted Only SSDIX) for oil 
STOCKDALE • J bedroom (possible 
3) I both Very ottrnrtive Bust see this one A weal buy at 522.ooo • 
Older 2 1 home fir 
513.oo1) 
ACREAGE • SO Acres, stork took, 
4o% coastal 2 mi off Hwy ISI 57oo otto a 37 Acres, stock took, 6 mc Mf of Stockdale 57oo otre A 6 to 37 
Acres, priced according to amount wonted Just east of Shxkdole • 6 
Acres on Hwy 123 about 3% mi NE of Stockdale 51o5o ocre a 2o3 Acres of hunter s paradise SW of EloresyiHt 
Only $475 acre a Other acreage 
Ask for Joyce 
1— 393-7598 

 home dose to stares. 

HI Al Tim 

 a c p o s s H o i c o u A T M O trs r t a t e T h ir d . F lo r a x v lH v 

226 -S M A R PROPERTY 

GOOD BUILDING SITES 

ON THE GUADALUPE 
ARE HARD TO FIND 

We hove several, each with a high oreo for building 

 and coch with a gentle 

 slope to river. 
From 
$14,ooo 
8%, 
12 year 

 financing available. Highly 

 restricted. 
Call for 
Ap­ pointment to see! 

HBG REAL ESTATE 

733-13o9 

238 LOTT 

C e n te r P o in t 
I lots. I o c re each. on V e rd e C re e h , g o o d fis h in g , p e c a n te e *, fe n c e d on I s id e * 
*4ooo p er tot 512 257-5816________ 

 j i W j i P t t T i g r r i j g g w 
^ 

Express-N ew s— Thursday, M arch 3, I 9 7 7 

4o4 APARTMEN1S UNFHRN 
4o4 APARTMENTS UHFURN 
48»APABTMENTS UNftlBN 
4o4-APARTMENTS UNFURN 

C o m m e rc ia l lots, a ll s u e * , a lso a fe w c o m m e rc ia l b u ild in g s 
734 5434 C P .K O S U B 342 o343 

GERONIMO FOREST 
C h o ice ooh-c o v e re d o c re . p ric e d u n d e r m a rk e t. F o r d e t a il* a n d v ie w in q . c o ll 342 4115 A N Y T IM E 
BORID WIPE REALTY 

L IV E O A K M IL L S S u b d iv is io n , 
G u a d a lu p e Co., *15oo B est o ffe r. 
333 5*24 

LO C K H IL L R D H O M E S IT E 
I 
Zoned s in g le fa m ily d w e lim a 
O w n e r c a rry w ith s m a ll d ow n 
73*1744 
828-o**4 
333-11*3 
W A TS O N A SON R E A L T O R S j 

 lots ol lots anil land 
J * o c r e * w ith v ie w . I to 3 a c re h o m e s ite * in N o rth w o o d H ills , r e - 1 
- s id e n tia l lo ts in T h o u s a n d O a ks. I 

NEW UKE ADDITION 
BOERNE AREA 

4 Home* complete Will discount to get this area moving Shady oak* with view 2 ore on rushing spring led creek 
Imperative mot these turn fast due to limit ed finances Will Deah let s talk1 
Bove in now! 3 And 4 bedroom, 
2o minutes to UTSA ond Meditol 
(enter 
Call collect: 
(1) 249-2382, 249 2764 

 f WANT TO BUILD " 

That dreamhouse on Vt acre 

 with trees and a view, too? 

Coll today for more infor­ 

 m ation on our listing in 

Stagecoach Hills. 

BOB MCGINNIS 

R E A L T O R S 
349-1121 

I lo 3 W oaded A c. goad sod, N of 
S A. J u s t o u ts id e B e x a r Co 
<41 4436 H 
Co she R e a lty 731 **o1 
TWO A C R E S OF R IV E R 
N o r t h on G u a d a lu p e . S c e n ic J woods o nd to p s o il. H ig h a b o v e o d e a r cle a n g ra v e l b o tto m r iv e r 
* t 2,TOO 
O w n e r w ilt f in a n c e , j 
R o b e r t S m ith , 698 7o6 1. it no o tis w e r, 444 *772. 

DEVINE REALTY 
Devine. Texas 
1-663-45S8 
SA. D M line 626 12oo 

2 B ed ro om s, I b a th s , 2 s to ry hom e on I o c re E x tr a n ic e ! O ft South ton Rd n e a r 41o South 
424 811*. 
337 4427 
H Y A T T R E A L E S T A T E 
C O M A L C O U N T Y 
4 p lus o c re * n e a r 281 a n d 4* w ith a re a fo r m o b ile h o m e o r h o m e w ith fo n to s tic v ie w 
U n d e r g oin g o n c e at o nly *13.2oo. E o s y te r m * 
IO® dow n. 3o y e a rs on b a la n c e at 
7" a 732 8111 

F A M IL Y R E A L T Y 

Country Dream 
B e o u ftfill 4 y r old 2 s to ry C o lo n ia l h o m e , on 4* a c r e * 
J u s t 2 o m i 
S o u th o f 
S A 
S b e d r o o m s . 
4' jb o th s , la rg e liv in g a re a w ith b o r, s e p a ra te d in in g ro o m . 4*oo 
Sq F t OI liv in q a re a L a rq e s to re ro o m a nd b ath w ith s h o w e r, o ft J c a r p o r t 
F e n c e d a n d s o w n w ith c o a s ta l b e rm u d a C o rg e b a rn and dog ke n n e ls C ity w a te r, p ric e d lo 

W A N T E D : 17-1oo a c re s . O ut H w y 
4oW o r L a re d o H w y . W 
W ith in lo o p o r v e r y c lo s e in . L E 
R o- d riq u e i 227-7855 

W O O D V A L L E Y A C R E S 
B ea u iif u l b r ic k h o m e on 4.*7 A c re s . 
3-2-2. d e n . b u ilt in * a n d m u c h m o re 
C a ll ta r c o m p le te in fo rm a tio n 
333 4144 
N ile s *$ * 2787 
C entury 21 
SO U TH E A S T R E A L T O R S 

228 RESORT PROPERTIES 

CANYON LAKE 
5 ACRE TRACTS lake (utilities ond boot romps neat by Ponoromit views, mony large oak trees SI BIX) pet otre ond up Sell 3o% below market value Up to IS years to poy of 
8%. 
F o r a p p o i n t m e n t C a ll 
4 9 7 -3 5 7 1 
I - 899 -21 81 

 b ig tots in H o lly w o o d P a r k . U n it! to. V t a c re s in S ta g eco a ch H ills . 
B uy now - b u ild la te r 
C a ll 344 143* A n y tim e 
BASSE WEILBACHER 
IN C , R E A L T O R S ________ 
4177 M T 
L A U R E L A V E in M i 
L a u r e l su b 
O ff W u r ib o e h a n d 
IH IO W est 72 Iro n t ft w ith p a v e d a lle y n eo r T u rtle C ree k CC. M ea 
C e n te r, U S A A 
*17,5oo. T e rm s . 
44* 44o5 M on F N o r 341 5*46 d a ily j BAM 1 o P M ______________ ________ 

' O a k 
H ills , o v e r lo o k in g c it y 
T e rm s, *24,ooo 735 7*83 341 IBM 
T E R R E L L H IL L S 
: B e a u tifu l * lo p in g lo t w ith tre e s 
145 fro n ta g e 752 deep, on a fa v o r­ ite s tre e t 824 3233 
M A Z IE S A L E H IL L . R e a lto r 
T E R R E L L H IL L S 
B e a u tifu l s lo p in g lo t w ith tre e s 
145' fro n ta g e on a fa v o rite s tre e t 
824 3233 
M A Z IE S A LE H IL L , R e a lto r 
To Settle Estates 
2 D u plex lo t*, side by sid e, a p p ro x 
12ox148. 38oo C a p ita l St o ft Basse 
Rd 
M a ke o tte r, C o il 226 S H I or 
655 84*o 
; ____ 
W E H A V E on e x c e p tio n a lly fin e ] re s id e n tia l lo t th a t w ill a c c o m ­ m o d a te *8o.ooo to *4o,ooo in im p ro v e m e n t* . A ll u tilit ie * e x e e o t se w er 
E v e n in g s , c o lt 
R a y, 
*55-4654 
Century 21 
D E L A N E Y R E A L T Y 653 o55o 
232 FARMS AND RANCHES 

 tucked m r 
AMONG THE THEES 
YET OILY OHE 
MINUTE FROM IN IO 
AD UCI 8 EMMY 
SECTIONS 
69o-17oo 
4 9 o 9 W O O D ST ONE 

< 
\ \ r ) •'> S . 

_ 
(J & 

S u n d a n c e 
4615 GARDENDALE 
6 9 o - 8 3 2 o 
CHANGING CONCEPTS-IN r-r- a d u l t l iv in g 

O E I MIKADO, 
APTS. 

Quiet Adult Apts 

3 2 4 3 

N o c o g d o c h e s 

• Fireplaces 
• ‘ 'C o m p le t e " All 

 e le c tric k itc h e n * 

7 3 2 - 9 6 1 1 

1-2-3 
Bedrooms 

I H S * * , by 
IQ UFTNVESTO RS 

 y 
^ o i r a m 

HOMESTYLE APARMENT 
LIVING 
451 5 G ard end ale 

6 9 1 - 1 o 4 4 

656-o188 

E h M A D R I D a p a r t m e n t s 

 e Washer Dryer 
Connections e All Bills Paid 

6111 Vane* Jackson 

T h is 

• T t a o n i a n 

3 9 3 9 F rd d o rlc kib u rg Rd. 

B R S h y . h , 

Q u r n v e s t o r s 

C O U N T R Y C L U B 
A P A R T M E N T S 

X ii i i l i ' u l t i t r a t i o n 

N i - v l t o Turtle I reek 

I . o f f I , o u r - e 

6 « H > - 7 o U J 
U n lit Pa l r ha s e n O r H r 

APARTMENTS. 

9 5 2 5 LORINE 

3 
4 
4 
- 9 
8 
8 
8 

T h e H e r i t a g e 

A p a rtm e n ts 
I I different floor plans —— 

A ll with patios 
Priced from $2 I 5 —— All Bill* Po id 

1 5 4 3 B a b c o c k 
3 4 1 - 2 2 2 8 

I & 2 Bd. Apts. 
From S I 7o 

A B S O L U T E L Y B e a u tifu l, o w n e r 
B ro k e r m u s t sell F a b u lo u s n o rth side. 4 b e d ro o m a ll ro c k house, on 
* tre e s tu d d e d a c re s . E x tr a s in d u d e . o u t b u ild in g a n d h o rs e fa c ilitie s B e tte r H u rry on th is one 
. . r * i i i i , m s a t *7 4.5 oo 
B r o k e r s p r o te c te d 
C A L L 82* 4712 to r 
John P h ilp o tt 341 48o8 
_______ 

A C R E A G E H O M E S IT E * t i * o f S a n A n to n io in B e x a r , 
C o m a l, K e n d a ll Co s 
I IR a c re s o r M o re 

 a p p o in tm e n t 

69B 244o 
B R O K E R 
648 22*1 

A cre a g e tra c ts , s m a ll d ow n , s m a ll m o n th ly , b e a u tifu l o aks, no ro c k or ce d a r C a ll M a g ee 342 251* 
8 acre fo r m 55oo d ow n p a y m e n t, 
578 p e r m o Irrig a te d fa r m la n d in 
T e xas H ilts N e a r h ig h w a y , w e lt fu rn is h e d . C all fo r a p p o in tm e n t to see 734 4548_______________________ 
I 'r o c r e . in o a k v illa g e N o r th , 
*4,ooo o r hest o tte r C o lt 814 2886 

ACRE OF OAKS 
E n io y c o m p in g , fis h in g , c a n o e in g on th is b e a u tifu l w o od e d site in the 
M ilt C o u n try , o r b u ild a c o u n try hom e b ack In th e ta ll tre e s 
*2oo d o w n , *45 m o n th a t 7’ j *« 
C a ll 
Tom T o y lo r 44* 5237 o r 342 8583 

COUNTRY DREAM 
M in i r a n c h w it h 
8 o c r e s 
3 y e a r o ld 3 b e d r o o m . 2 b o th hom o out B a n d e ra Rd o nd close to M e d in a L a k e . In the 4o s C all now . *84 77oo 
C E N T U R Y l l S c h n e id e r R o p ily 

P ool, 

6 ACRES 
A L L OR P A R T 
5744 P E R A C R E 
O nly m in fro m b o a t ro m p at Can von L a k e O w n e r w ill fin a n c e ot 
8®o s im p le 
B itt H u g h e s. B ro k e r. 
I U 18o8 

In B exo 
344 67*8 
IO ACRES and Up o r and W ilso n C o u n m and W ilso n C o un tie s 
341 A *** 
*84 5768 

■REAL ESTATE INC j 
17 A c re s a t 5*45 a c re o il 7 8IN . 
P r e tty o a k s , e x c e lle n t h u n tin g 
Jim A sh le y R ep! E s ta te * 84 477»_ t i a c re s . 2 b d rm hom e. f C ent 
648 33JOLG R IP P S R I. T Y 648 o 4 4 i; 

79 ACRES • 
By o w n e r. 17oo sa It on I HJS. 4 m i 
N ot 16o4 
*3,75o a e r o c re 
734 4235 (d a y * ) 344 7o23 (n ile * ) 

6 7 A C R E S 
Close in o il 181 South. 585oo 
R E N F R O R E A L T Y 
____________ 672 33*3_____________ 
I IO o c re s . E ce nt u tilitie s 
* 48 3 33oLG R IP P S RL TY *48 o441 

 to A c r e s E . o f B ia n c o , s m g ti house, goo d to p so n. m e t tre e * 
J im A sh le y Reg! E s ta te »8t 477* 

5 3 ACRES 
HILL COUNTRY VIEW 
R a n c h e r w o n ts lo se ll n eo r T w in 
'S is te rs . *371o w ith o w n e r fin o n c m g 
H B G 
R E A L 
E S T A T E . 
822 173*___________________________ 

77 o c re s h u n tin g c o u n tr y 
5 *4 * d ow n p a y m e n t *84 47 a e r m o B ig d ee r tu rk e y . J o v e lin o O n fe n c e lin e ot la rg e ra n c h 
F in a n c e d by o w n e r 734 41*3 

DACRES 
J u s t in s id e W ilso n Co O nly *17 m i fro m Loop HO A ls o T exas V o te r ans la n d a v a il 
344 *7*8 
341 *5 4* 
*45 3113 
CONNALLY 
REAL ESTATE INC 
7o i A c re s , 77 m ile s c o s t a l Son 
A n to n io , on IM IO 
515,ooo to ta l 
C oll 
5 7 
A M o nd i l l 
P M 
J 3* *4 1 /__________________________ _ 
15 A C R E S 
J nu o u t at C ity lim its on ISI So 5158o per a c re , e asy le t m s 424 * * * * . *13 1431____ ___ 

I A c re s I t m i 
South of L oo o BIO, 
O ld P le s o s a n to n Rd 
*4o oo)8 o r 
|4 6 5181_____________ _ 
A A C R E S n e o r H e lo te s, goad w e ll, fe n c e , tre e s , e le c t r ic it y 52o,ooo 
--w ith 54.ooo d ow n 
2o y rs o f 8 J *. 
’ *45 8 4o*. *4 * 3 1 o *____________ e t) A C R E S N E A R IM i i o nd 151o 
Sloe d ow n . SSS m o W ooded 
U M 
I 119 *752 
_ _ _ _ _ 

COUNTRY LIVING 
F o r R e al E s ta te in B u lv e rd e . C olt jim H a n le y . B ro k e r San A n to n io 
D ia l D ire c t 497 JAH A N Y T IM E 

BULVERDE AREA REALTY 
497 3*11 
R E A L T O R 
1 438 7441 I 

F A N T A S T IC V IE W fro m su nd eck of o 2 S tory, lu x u r y h om e O v e r 2 o c re s . w ith lo ts of tre e s , a good I b a rn and a h o m e w ith fire p la c e s j in both liv in g o nd fa m ily ro o m s ! 4 I b e d ro o m s, 3 b o ta s ond a k itc h e n 
I9x 17' L on g p o tie ' 
587 4oo 
R E A L T O R S 
344 oo27 I 

C o 

GOING SOUTH 
414 a c r e s , p e a n u t a llo t m e n t , co a sta l p lu s tw o ta n k s H w y fro n j lo q e a nd C a rric o S p rin g s w a te r i 
N ites, 73S 4128 
349 4343 o r J49 3S3S A n y tim e 
Oeanie Owens Co 
R E A L T O R S B lo n c o R d Ole 

Guadalupe River Frontage 
I a c re w ith b e a u tifu l O ak tre e s , on y o u r a w n w a t e r t r o n t T e r m s a v a ila b le . 447 3713. 824 OSSO 

HELOTES 
6 A c re s P lu s . B e a u tifu l H ill. ca n see to the N o rth P ole o nd in the 
M e x im n B o rd e r 
S ell, w o rth the 
M o n e y 
F in a n c e d b y o w n e r 
*9 * 84o5, *95 32o*_________________ 

H E L O T E S 
C R E E K 
R A N C H 
A C R E A G E T R A C T S L ow d ow n . 
*84 471 1 Or 7*1 9943 
P IO N E E R R E A L T Y i M ill C o u n try a c re a 
*72* d ow n p a y m e n t. *34 84 p e r m o B e a u tifu l v ie w s , b ig l r * * * 7 » rN s im p le in te r C oll 734 79*4 

IM P R O V E D 
M IL L 
C O U N T R Y 
L A N D 
R o ilin g v a lle y a n d w ild g a m e 
73*1 76 * 
828 o*44 
*98 7o1o 
W A TS O N * SON R E A L T O R S 

I A R G f B U IL D IN G S IT E t m ite n o rth fro m L oo o N W de s ir e d lo c a t io n , d e e p s o il a n d w ooded a re a 
W a te r, e le c tr ic ity . and phone P a y m e n ts ol *42 79 at 
7 °. s im p le in te r e s t o tt e r s m a ll d ow n p in t Les F e lle r. *74 7779 

~ LARGE COUNTRY HUMES 
Custom built 1-3 Acres. Oak trees, hill co un try. North- 
Nortbwest Homes ready to move into 
F in an ced . We custom build 
H ave I J S ocre tracts a v ailab le. We consider tra d e s . S aw ye r 
Const. Co. 
733 o 4 o 9 ________________4 94 274 3 

— LETA— 
R E A L E S T A T E B R O K E R 
B uy or S ell to r you C a ll 
72* 8357 
342 *334 
344 9424 
J.A. DUSS 
R e o l E s ta te s e v e n e ig h t s 
A c r e , 
5J OOO to 
T e rm s 

5 ACRES 
N e a r S o m e rs e t C o u n try liv in g at its b e s t 
H a v e g a rd e n o nd som e c h ic k e n s a n d b e a u t if u l t r e e s 
C e ril O rric k 
• 
Don S m ith B ra k e r 
735 8ooo 

 n 
16 a c re s No D o w n p a y m e n t 
Xo m ile s SE S e g u in , u t i lit ie s , tk o e d e d . m o b ile h o m e O K h w y b on lo ge W Rose I 779 4/53 

14 A c re s o ft I H I # E a s t- 
N e a r 
U n iv e rs a l 
C ity . good la n d 
#58 1346___________________ _____ 
5 A cre s. 4oo en p e rm a n e n t (r e e k . huge tre es. Jm i C a n y o n take jim 
A shley R e a lty 12* I I H t i * A C R E S 
R io M -d in a on 
R iv e r *1*oo A c re 534 6 / I t 

I ACRI WOODED LANG 
N e w J b e d ro o m . 2 b o th , I c o r g a ra g e , fo rg e liv in g o re o 
Y o u w ill Uke the p r iv a c y o f c o u n try 
(•v in e 
O n ly *3 *.5 o 6 
W ill tro d e 
S n Ut B A V A R IA N H IL L S , o u t 
Son P e d ro I m ile s not th of 1*o4 to t m g te id Rd le ft J m ile s to 27o15 sun M o u n ta in 442 1o77. **» o7VO 

2 L O T S . 
1oo x 3o5, 
o)41174 

L o t IS I x 2oo on ro o d b y U TS A 
SIO OOO C A SM 645 3*74 eves 
_ 

M e d in a R iv e r, 2 tra c ts on w a te r, p a v e d ro a d , tre e s , u t ilit is 
54oo d o w n. 548 m o 344 *1o7 
_ _ _ 

IO m in u te s n o rth of Son A n to n io . 5 o c re s . 5*8oo. fin a n c in g a v a ila b le b y o w n e r *34 *1 7* 
_ _ _ 

•MOUNTAIN TOP NORTH* 
A s t a g g e r in g v ie w t o r m ile * , c o v e re d w ith o aks *44oo *4o 2o43. 
44« *7 7/___________________________ 

 n e a r B O E R N E a c re a g e tra c ts 
O w n er fin a n c e # 
*84 4211 or 7*1 994) 
P IO N E E R R E A L TY 

NO! 

A B e a u tifu l 
CANYON LAKE 
M O B ILE LOT 
1o.ooo so ft fa n ta s tic v ie w b o a t ra m p n e a r b y 
S14oo. SIDO dow n. 78 m o a t 571 43 A P R 8%. 
M E L M IL L E R 
226-2324 
3 A c re s , o n a r lv a t e a ir s t r ip 
M e d in a L a k e . p riv a te m a in ta in e d w a te r fro n t 
J 
B 
E d w a rd s 
*95 848o__________________________ 
A N D O V E R 
M O B IL E 
H O M E . 
I7 x * 4 ft. o n 1o.ooo It v ie w lo t o v e rlo o k in g C a n y o n L a k e 
3 b e ­ d ro o m , 2 b a th , o ir c o n d itio n e d , fu rn is h e d . L ik e n ew 
514.5oo M e l 
M ille r, 22* 7324___________________ 

2 b e d ro o m hom e, P e b b le B each 
L ow . lo w d ow n M e d in a L a k e . wa te rfro n t h om e a n d g u e s t house on 
3 lots 
*84 4711 o r 751 9943 
P IO N E E R R E A L T Y 

CANYON LAKE BEAUTY! in T a m a ra c k S hores w ith fu ll la k e v ie w N e w 14x76, ta s te fu lly fu r m s h o d , 2 b e d ro o m , 2 b o th F H A 
M o b ile H om e, on la rg e tre e stud and tot. c e n tro ! h e o t-o ir. t lx l l sun d eck, re frig e r a to r p lu s m o n y ex t in s 
Sub d iv is io n b o s e x c e lle n t p r iv a t e p o o l, p o r k s a n d b o a t la u n c h in g fa c ilitie s 
M u s t see to o o o re c ia te A b a rq a m at 524,3oo! 
D A Y GR N IT E *55 *848 

Morton Southwest Realty 

CANYON LAKE 
•H IL L S ID E LO T - B E A U T IF U L 
V ie w 
514oo E a s y T e rm s 
• L a r g e L o t • T re e s -N e o r ta k e 
A nd b oa t ra m p • E o s y T e rm s 

C o o t E . Jo n es 
________ 923-6211________ 

CANYON LAKE 
B e a u tifu l la k e v ie w h o m e w ith 7 I b e d ro o m s . 2 b a th s , la rg e fa m ily 
I ro o m w it h f ir e p la c e a n d h ig h b e a m e d c e ilin g s , o p e n in g on to w ood d eck O ra p re n e s stay B u ilt j 
1 in s th r o u g h o u t 
F e n c e d v o r d 
! 554 4o6 N ile s , 64* OB** 
1 344 3o78 
DO N JO H N S O N . R E A L T O R S 

K E Y G R O U P 
I 

C A N Y O N L A K E 
L ik e new , 2 b e d ro o m house, y e a r . g ro u n d o r s e a s o n a l • p le n ty a t ooks and s h o d r co al, w ith ra m p s 
1 o n d te n n is a ls o 
51 7.7oo 
J E 
M O R IR IS , I 899 71o1 
___________ 
C A N Y O N L A K E - B Y O W N E R 
I 5 a c re s on p a v e d ro a d o v e rlo o k 
; m g toke. n e o r b o a t la u n c h L ots of I 
■ t r e e s , w a t e r e l e c t r t o t v . w i l l ■ d iv id e , fin a n c e 444 7777, 494 io n 
C a n y o n L a k e , n e w L a k e v ie w h o m e 
5 *5.o 9o 
W e e k e n d h o m e , I 
I 572.5oo 
L A K E H O M E 
R E A L T Y 
I I 9*4 314o_______________________ 
FO R T CL A R K S P R IN G S C h a rte r 
M e m b e rs h ip , w ill se ll o tro d e No i r e a s o n a b le o t t e r r e f u s e d 
275 33o1 
*4o 3*12 o tte r * 3opm 

 f t c l a r k s p r i n g s m e m b e rs h ip B est o tte r *55 844) 

H O M E W IT H 77* ft w a te r fr o n t 
F a u rie s Sub 
No. I in p ro te c te d 
| co ve. H a s o w n g o a d w e ll. 3 o u t i b u ild in g s to r s to ra g e 
H o s o w n b o a t la u n c h 
C o m p le te w ith sea w att a nd dock 
*84 4211 Of 751 444J 
P IO N E E R R E A L T Y 

LAKEERONT APT 
C A N Y O N L A K E B Y O W N E R 
Lease this fu rn is h e d , ro o m y . HOO so ft d u p le x 
A ir c o n d itio n e d , steps to w o te r, c a rp o rt *15o p e r m o p lus u tilitie s 
________ S II 494 2237_______ 

L A K E L B J 
S U N R IS E B E A C H 
W a te rfro n t h om e J b e d ro o m , t ' r b o th . c o m p le te ly fu r n is h e d 
B y 
O w n e r 57* 5oo 341 45*3. 344 1 *7* 

Lake LBJ Sunrise Beach 
B e a u t if u l b u il d in g s id e o v e r 
U o c re 
1 o /F t fro n ta g e on w a te r w ith p a n o r a m ic v ie w e l m o m la k e 
C o n c re te b u lk h e a d , b e ttin g dock w ith tw o b oa t slip s *17 45o 
: Colt 4*4 5/o2 ____________ _ _ 
L A K E M C Q U E E N E Y , O w n e r fin a n te d , s p lit le v e l J b e d ro o m . I b a th , c o n t r o l a ir h e a t, c o r b e t, d ra p e d 
515.ooo 
I 55/ 5941 
N o 
: agents p le a s * ________________ 
L A K E P L A C IO E S T A T E S 
I A c re s en G u a d a lu p e R iv e r, wo t e r tr o n t p ro p e rty w ith P u llm a n r a ilr o a d c o r . s u m m e r h o m e 
G re a t to r e n te r ta in in g 
SJO.OOO 
Con to r d e to its o74 O il J 

COOK CO. REALTORS 

SWT FARM & RANCH 
RIAL ESTATE 

APPROXIMATELY 76oo ACHS N (. 
U SALK (o With frio River Iron 
(age 
2 nice mobile homes 
Gornqe, hunting stands, numerous smoll fields Excellent hunting ond fishing Small por lion of minerals Sj 65 per ocr* with good terms 

41 S ACIES LA SAU! CO. 
H 
Mile Nueces River frontoge. S miles West of Cotulla 18o Acres irrigoted tormlond, nice house overlooking smoll lake. Excellent hunting and fishing with many good improvements VS minerals 
A reol showpiece WOO per acre with good owner financing 

I I I m i l s - 
I 
— 179 -2 75 9 

F O la x S63, Cotulla, Tx. 

71o14 

T e r r a 

A lta 

I URN & UNI URN J 

Ut Al FOR (o.UPUS J 

A ll) VI UDE NYS 

4 1 1 EVERIST 
8 2 8 - 5 3 3 o 

» 
* BY APPO IN TM ENT ONLY 
♦ 
Showcase your hor.es now on 

 this 3o otre corner and sell by 

 the sq ft rn the near future 

4ooo sq ft 4 2% home. 2 rock 

 fireplaces, large den. office, 

 study, etc Wrought iron gat* 

 and rock archway entrance go 

 with the excellent fencing Over 

2ooo It of frontoge ot motor in tersection 
Tank which con be 

 enlarged 5 8 acre lake in your 

 backyard 
Overlooking down 

 town skyline 
S2/S OOO with 

 terms by owner $% to partiti 

 paling brokers 

* 
* 
* 
» 

* 
» 
* 

* 
♦ 
* 
* 
* 

* 

♦ 
♦ 
* 
♦ 

♦ 
* 
* 
♦ 

L A N D L O C A T O R S O F 
T IM A S 

J A 6 6 7 -II5 4 . 667 1333 

N O B 
H IU 
APARTM ENTS 

Nob Hill Apartments off Iff IO 

7 6 2 6 C a lla g h a n R o a d /3 4 9 - 1 2 1 7 

MMTMEMT U VIIM 
With Ideal Locations to 
Fit Your Needs 

All Bills Paid 

1o7o7 IH T O W **) 

% e 
» t 
I 
APARTMENTS 

69o-ooo1 

O 

© 
FRENCH CHALE! 
165o JACKSON KELLER 
THA U L T IM A T A A P A R T M E N T 

C O M M U N I T Y 

3 4 4 - 4 6 1 6 

SOUTH SEA 
APARTMENTS 
LEISURE LIVIN G 
SUPER L O C A T IO N 

BUNCO AT JACKSON HEUER 
7543 SOUTH SCA U N I 
341-6251 

© a 
U 
Ia 
. 

S U n R O U K R i M R T M lN t l 

Y o u o w e it to y o u rself to see o u r 

 o p o rtm e n ts . 
2554 Northeast loop 41o 
656-1222 

© 
T he B R I T T A N Y 

A SOPHISTICATED ADULT COMMU 
NITY WITH A PO O l IN EACH COURT- 
YARD HAIF BLOCK OFF LOOP 41o 
NEAR NORTH STAR MALL 

86o7 JONIS MALTSBERGER 
3 4 1 - 3 1 2 6 

© 

OE O H E # A it it-A A A ♦ ★ • A A 

3* a c 
D e v in e 
( B ill G o o d w in ). a w ne r fin a n c e 
L e n n o rd R e a lty . 
734 * 7 5 * .__________________________ 
775 ac G ille s p ie Ce G ood b u n tin g 
L e n n o rd R e a lty . tB ilt G o o d w in ). 
734 *75*.___________________________ 
12* ac . K in n e y Co . on H w y VOW p a s t U v a ld e 
E x c e lle n t b u n tin g 
S IJ 5oo D ow n •"« , IO y rs L e n n a rd 
R e a lty , 734 * 7 5 *__________________ i acre fa r m 55oo d o w n p a y m e n t. 
571 p e r m o. Irrig a te d fo r m la n d rn 
T rx o s H ill* N e a r h ig h w a y , w e ll fu rn is h e d C o ll fo r a p p o in tm e n t lo see 734 454o_______________________ 

IO A C R E F A R M N E A R N E W 
B R A U N F E L S . O w n e r fin a n c e d 
177 A c re fa rm n e a r D e v in e . 54oo p e r a c re . 2 f'» dow n 
*84 l i l t o r 751 494) 
P IO N E E R R E A L T Y 

© 
L A P L A Z A A P T S . 
TENNIS W O R L D ” ■ 
• I A C Q U IT X ALC. HE A IT H A N D IX IO C IM C IU * 
• ADULT AN O I AMIC T SECTIONS 
• ru e N IS H O ANC, UNT U 8N IS M IO A e A e I AUNTS 
• UTILITIES A AID 
• N O C C H I AST SCHOOLS XUS SIX V IC I 
• N O X TH STAX AN O C EN T* AC PA BK M A H A B I A 
TIS N.W. LOOP 41o 
3 4 1 - 4 6 2 1 

S q u a r e 

1. 2 . 3 ln 't lr o o m 

4 4»«ixi iii« DI I#* F ii f l ’"‘iii*! ii It* I 

I H 
I 
V i , - i i i , l l - , . 
I I J I ! - 1 l u r . 

© 
^ 
----------------- 

C o u n t r y 
V M a g e 

V ) i u r l f i i e u l - 

.I . 2. -t iH’firiH tllt* 

'• ..-ll.I. I.w ... (lit (.I.U ll.. - M il.. .MMI. r - 1J Mil .jl... 

 f r o m 

JI I Ut I u u n ir* X ill.ijji- 
H 2 H -3 7 2 1 

( D 
NORTHEAST ARIA 

H e r r in < ? la za 
I A 2 AOR. A TOW NHOUSES 

G o 'd e n opts w ith clean w e ll ke pt tp o c io u i grounds. potK>», balconies, p o o l, w olk lo shop ping, features plus 

P errln-B oltol Rd. 
6 5 5 -7 1 2 2 

© 
N O R T H G A T E 

539[H AN O R 

8 2 4 - o o 1 9 
WESTGATE 

© 

 u M E H 
-f VPV It 
V I' SH I M f N I - 

BF* S h * b y 
o 
UFI INVESTORS 

I M © 

 iP fe r 

1 9 4 6 N . I L k i d H O 

(Harry Wolbach (lit) 
826-2355 

© 
LINDA APTS. 
2 3 5 HO W ARD o ff 11OO N . M A IN 

I & 2 BEDROOMS 
I b it 
M a in B ank, lu b y s , E x p re s s w a y , 

H o sp itals, A d u lt* O n ly 

2 2 6 -8 4 9 2 

© 
D a r k C o l l i n e 
A p a rtm e n t C o m m u n ity 

T V MONITORED SECURITY— GARDEN PATIOS 

LUXURIOUS CLUB ROOM-G Y M A SAUNAS 
I 7 X BDR 
I 4 ? BATH 
S I8 5 $ 2 7 5 (fu rn A d d ) UTILITIES RD 

2 o ) 1 BANDERA RD 
4 3 4 - 4 1 9 1 
B e tw e e n H illc re s t A C a lla g h a n 
A B o b R o ** A p a r t m e n t C o m m u n ity 

© 
W iiMlereht A|fartn»«*iit- 

 f»r» ( > - o 1 8 2 

8 8 3 5 W i 111111 u it W a v 

I a ryt prix at*' jiiilid***. < 4»m# t tirn l 1»» 
Park M all. 
-i «»fI I- 
V im . 

I . i i x u r * I .is lu g lit X . I . . h im X n lo n io 

© 

T 
A 
R 
A 

A N A P A R T M E N T H O M E 

 u n f o r g e t t a b l e A S ITS N A M E 
CONVIwrfwr lO cxriO M tw o u T in ttH e«,o 
8oS I BROADWAY 
824-oo61 
828-7393 

AN ADULT APARTMENT COMMUNITY 
ALL AMENITIES e O N BUS LINE e ONE 
BLOCK TROM ST MARY $ • ONE BLOCK f ROM SHOPPING • TURN ADDI 

I . 2 & 3 BDR 
S IS O to $ 2 4 5 

 u t il it ie s p a id 
3 3 o ! W . W OODLAW N 
4 3 4 -9 3 9 4 
6 no* XOS* erxitM tN t community 

O k h t B w r t h 

For the truth, 
Compare 

1 o 3 6 2 S a h a ra D r iv e , ju s t e a s t of S a n P e d ro , n o r th 
3 4 9 -2 6 1 7 o n oop 4 io 

73? - FARMS M O RANCHES 
232 FARMS AND RANCHES 

3 ACRI UKE on *o tre e c o v e re d o c r e * in 
Guadalupe County Good fencing, w ater line. tra ile r b o u t*, barn. and c o rra l* Owner tm onced land locators ol Io tas 
* A *»/ 1)54, *47 1333 t i ocre live oak b ill* Join* huge ronch. deer turke y 534* per acre 
L ib e ral te rm * I 84* 344Q _ 
_ 
1,ooo ACRE RANCH SOU TH 
Many tank*, im p ro ve m e n t* 
R iverfront and landing ttr io 
Much game, ow ner c a rry 
111 OHI 
W otted A Sen 424 ( lt.2 to A cre *. 11.2oo an a c re . N e or 
Devine 474 47oo 

2o9 ACRES 

ALMOST AN ACRE 
-H U I C o u n try M o b ile H o m e t il* . 15 m in 
N o rth on Sun P e d ro 
O n ly 
*3 1 o o . HOO d a w n i l l 44 b e r m onth , O' I 
I t ' >44 m o n th * 
T n t* o n e w e n t t a * t lo n g 
C a ll to d a y ' 444 3419 
L A K E C R O F T 
R I A L E S T A T E ____________ j 
A b b re x im a to ly I a cre * B eautiful location tor d o ve lopeinonl Fine h a m ** rn m a tu re e u b u rb a n oreo 
MAC * 1 * 1 . . . . . . M H H . 

A WHOLE MOUNTAIN 
A *b « < fa c u la e v ie w . o b t r u d e d univ b y Id e o * o a k * G a rd e n to il, fe n c e d g o o d w o lf, o v e r I a c r e * 
O w ner w ilt ftn o n c # H o tte r! S m ith , 
»4» JU41 O' 444 t i l l 
___ _ 

BANDERA 
J m i youth ol tow n, ) ac on o b itt a * k .n g , 5 7 .4 4 5 . W'M c o n v iO e r o tte r* 
B ut 
H u g h * * . 
B 'o k e r. 
147 1**1 
_________________________ 
B F A U I t I U L 
I I A c T o *. N o rth w e *l O a k * 
U l'h iie * 
B o v id ro a d 
M in i Set! *o4 1/7o_________ 
_ 

BEAUTIFUL VIEW 
O ak tre e y tu d d o d a e re , to m ile * n o r th o f to w n 
M a * m o to r a n d e le c tr ic ity on w id e b o re d la a d * 
O w n e r m u *! » * l! a u it k ly , lit t le d o w n w it ! f in a n c e b a la n c e 
Av / l / 5 t , * » * * M i ♦ * * * 
T b e d io o m b o rity tu rn o ld e r hem e a n d I lo t* < 5 o ) m o ) on H R t r * n tittie *6UCO C ad P le a s a n to n a tte r 
'tom I SA* IIM 
_ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ 
J B L OH O O M R O C K H O M E 
5 a t r e * 
F ir e p la c e 
L o c a te d n e a r 
B e e r n * 
B O E R N E 
R A N C H 

R f I L T y D ili!' 
- - 
- 

A rr c o n d itio n in g needed en tn t* 
Hilltop overlooking M edina Lake 
*p a n i*h 3 bedroom I bath. 39oo 
*u ti 
656 3ooo A n y tim e 
Beanie Owens Co 
R E A LT O R * P e rrin Bed*! Ole 

N O R T H O F F IH IO l l TO M IN U TE ORIVE 
I bedroom, 4 ocre*. pool. io ta * bom 
4 bedroom. / aer#*, g u **f hou*e 
4 bedroom, J acre*, stable* 
I bedroom. 4 acre*, stable* a i* * can u* to r a cre a g e hom e site* 4*1 21o7. 344 1*o7 
B IL L P R IC E R E A L T Y 
ON B E A U T IF U L Cibolo Creek a trip le lo t w ith a ro ck ii ce d a r nom e w ith a re d w o o d d e c k , a t n nature in me livin g room and a co ly study I bodegon**. I bath* 
Boerne school* 
*83.5oo 
R E A LT O R * 
344 oo)3 

G u y C h ip m a n C o 

Over I a cre * NE of 4 A . Com al 
County, att utilitie s 454 15o4 
R ive r tre a t 5 aer es 585o dow n paym ent, t>!2 SD per mo C rystal cle a r w a te r 
B e a u tifu l v ie w * el 
Texas H ill* Shown bv a p p o in t m erti I att 734 4)4 ) 
___ 
H M G E O R G I R E A LT Y 
741 M AIN 
BO ERNE 
TEXAS 
344 )*/» 144 1545. 144 )*44 
{ It SO I a n d 5 ACRE TRACT 
IO®* down, ow ner c a rry beautiful tree* Level 
2?7d237 d loison A Son 428 12*1 
SOUTH 
) bedroom , 3 b u lb 
A ll m u s iim y *5o QUO t i t 1544________ 

SOUTHEAST 
Lout-rum (choel D is tric t 2 acre*. 
Only *19o down and easy te rm * 
M o r, » I A l l i t M E t i l 7441 
I I Story. 4 bedroom to e p la te w ith neoiuiatc-r, ad elect B la n c * Co. 
UDOW 
Jim 
Ashley 
Ready 
Ut l l 74_____________ ___________ 
Take up p aym ent* on ‘t at i t n m to r bom # b u d d in g 
W ater c ity utilities Mr Feltgr t i t l i l t ___ 

H O S ACHE TRAITS 
MW S A near EM 171 and Ho4. 
Wed re s tric te d , c e n tra l w a le r. bu red stre e t*, p ric e * ve ry com p e tittv e 
G ood te r m * 
LA 
X E CROP T 
R E A L 
ESTATE 
>4) i* * l 

I lot at H illto p Lake , co m p le te re so rt c ity . w ith 5 la ke *, tut* of fish in g and skiing, gelt. n o rse * pent and landing strip 5*ooo Call ; 
*4* JI J* 
“ M E D IN A LA K E * ' 
W ont ta **« . tea** or rent year p roperty» Colt us 
64* 8o11 w otsen A Sen I 7*1 IOU 
M E D IN A R IV E R F R O N T A G E I o ye r 313 t i riv e r fro n ta g e 
J 2 nome, centrot heat and o» Beau tdul tree*, m ust see lo appreciate 
*84 *211 or T il 9943 
P IO N E E R R E A LT Y 
M U iT SELL 8 7 OW NER House in Siesta Shore* en Lake T ravis J b le c k * Tram w a te r 
*75.ooo 
Alt fu rn itu re in c lu d e d 
O w ner w ill fin a n ce at l <*< 
Cod O II 1551. 
E xt 2o1 or *54 1 135_____________ 
Q U A L IT Y H O M E O v e rlo o k in g 
C onyen Lake 
3*oo Sa F t tu rn 
5 a tr e H illto p 
Peel P rin c ip le * only 5*8 OOO 51) o4* 7414 
_ 

RETIREMENT SPECIAl 
NE AR SE G U IN , I ge lt c o u rs e * a n d c o u n tr y c lu b 
R iv e r p riv ile g e * fis h . sw im , b o o tin g n ic e J b e d ro o m h e m e . la rg e c o rn e r tot tre e *, id e a l B o rd e n soil M O R E ! Just ttl.o 5 o 
CARL Ok BR AW NER R E A LT Y 
3/4 5447 
5 E G U IN .T E X 
5o1 k 
K ingsbu ry P Q t o . I W I 
S a crifice* L e t* W oodcreek, H o r shoe Bay Best otter *53 o*64 

B e a u tifu l n v e r tro n t 
P ric e d to set) ERNEST SOARD 

VARNER REALTY 
6*o * 1*4 A N Y T IM E _______ 

~ 37 ACRES 
B ordering M edina R ive r, 2 old house* 
344 *761 
341 *5*4 
*14 57*8 
CONNALLY 

B E A L E S T A T E I N C ____ 
5 ACRES - F a rm la n d , excellen t soil Uvalde oreo O w ner finance 
COM 4 to 5. 344 1*13 _____________ 
IOU o c re * g oo d w a tt, w o o d e d , betw een San A n to n io ond P lea santon Owner financed 171 5*71 
S tr a u d e r Nelson B e a tty 

6o ACRES 
Hit Country land only IS m inute* tra m $ A 
N e xt to la rg e ra n c h . must sod bv A p ril *1oo# per acre w ith te rm * In a u ire now 
L a rry 
M oi one 494 57)4 or )44 57*1 n ile * 
G ALE REAL ESTATE 

5# ACRES H u n te r* d e lig h t near 
G arner Slot# P ark 
M OO* equity ond take over pa ym e n t* et *231 w ilt fin a n c e e q u ity e r ta k e s o m e th in g in tra d e to r e a u a i value I 721 5141 or I 774 *5#7 

 l l o u r s h u n tin g lO u n try 
5515 down paym ent *14 t i per mo Big doer, tu rke y. Jo ve lin o On fence line et large ranch Financed bv owner 714-*1*3 

W IL S O N C O U N T Y 
1 1 3 A C R ES 
Alt in (omtal lier modo 
12 if ngohon well, irrigation and hay mailing equipment, 3 bedroom burk bom*, ? large hey ih*«K, nice itw k pond, stoked xnth fish Ideal tot registered lathe, quarter horse, dorry, or hay form apertion t .nam mg ovoilable 

C a ll O N . P r a te r 
W ilt o n C o u n ty R e a lty 

o 4 4 m o : J O I * 1 4 1 
M o b il, j o ) e a t i 
V e#«i 1 o ) o ) 4 3 
^ 

C H IC K E N S , HOGS 
A N D C A L V E S co n be 'o is e d an fb i* 3o a c re * L a rg e 2 b e d ro o m , 2 b ath hom e. o ft J I n e a r O e vin e 
. 
R E N F R O R E A L T Y 
_ 
427-3)41 ___________ _ 
( H W A H L R E A L T Y 
Good s e le ctio n F o rm * R a nch e s 
1 )74 3**1 1 17* 571# 
S eguin 
Tx 
C oastal h ay fo r tu n e d d ry stack 
B A R G A IN 
P o te e t 
1 3*4 4o71 
I >41 37*1 

COUNTRY LIVING 
I I a c re s m co a s ta l, ro o d fro n ta a e - nea r 
C a la v e ra s 
L o w p ric e . 
57* ooo 
*44 *444 
N ile * *o4 o1)5 
TERRILL REALTY 
RE a l TORS 
_ 
M IS 

C R E E K A N D R IV E R 
R a n c h e s , la r g e o n d s m a ll 
S p e iio t n i n g in t h * 
P ip e 
C re e k — B a n d e r a - M e d in a a re a 
J im Toy tor *24 44*1________________ I 

D E V IN E A R E A. B e a u tifu l b ric k j 
3 5 o c re * J b e d ro o m , 2 b a th dou 
Ole c o lp o rt. 18x77 liv in g a re a w ith 
B en F r a n k lin f ir e p la c e t a r d e j w o rk s h o p good w ed, p o v e d ro o d 
P ric e re d u c e d 
H U G H E S A B R IS C O E 
♦74 4311 
R E A L T O R S 
I 4* I 5**7 j 

E D W A R D S R A N C H R E A C T V 
B uy y o u r la n d fro m the n a tiv e * 
P IP E C R L E K, TX 4*5 448o 

 f a im ona R a n ch L is tin g * W o n te d 
5o A c re * o r la rg e r w ith in 45 m ile * of San A n to n io W r it* Iu d d e ta il* o nd p ric e * 
E D G O Z A , B E A L T O M 
414 M c C u llo u g h A v * . San A n to n 
1 ie. 
Tex . 
I l l HOS. 
172 51oo 
I O I* M IO _______ 

FOR SALE BY OWNER 
S o u th s id e a t 
C a n y o n 
L a k e , u n s u r v e y e d a c r e a g e , 5 o c r e * p ius 
B e a u tifu l v ie w o f th e la k e a n d h ill* n e o r b o a t ra m p 
C A II 
o24 o47) o r o 2 *8 2 1 * w e e k e n d * a tt 

HUNTING & CATTLE 
Today investm ent for tom o rrow 
Oaks, elm , and som e s c a tte re d , cedar E xcellent pasture tor cut tie, o ld e r hom e w ith E d w a rd * wed. secluded, yet only 2* m ile * fro m Loop 41o A ssu m a b le fin ancma available 445 a cre * ai 355o per o cre or w ill con sid e r cle a r p io p e rty or secured note* for equity 

 land Locators oi Texas 
S A *47 1134, 4*7 t i l l 
*5 6 ir r ig o lfe d o c r e * . to m * d e v e lo p e d a re n a n d M e d in a 
R tver owner tm onced *77 474* 
Jonn>on G ras* Hay. 5oc a Bud. 
Coli *33 44o9 
__________ 
K e rrv ille 212 a c re e x o tic gam e ; 
Ranch axis deer, tallow deer, ftka deer, b la ckb u ck ante lo p e , m on don sheep Oeer proof fence 555o acre, good te rm * 
Owner 517 3*7 5o*9_______ 
K e rr vide-35o acre R onch ro ttin g h ill* w itn gushing sp rin g * Lake with bath and coltish d o o r w aler 
Oeer and turke y *55o b rr pere interest only paym ent* available 
Owner 317 367 5o*4 _____________ 

LAND OWNERS 
We have at present a list of Texas 
V e t*, who hove re c e iv e d th e ir app a ra tio n (avick sate), looking for Iona N orth ot S A ll you ore interested in selling, please give 
1 us a call 
LAND LOCATORS OE TEXAS 
S A *67 1154. 6*7 111) 

3o m inute* nnrth et San Antonio. 5 acre *. 554oo. finan cing availab le bv owner 33* 4o7*______________ 

Monett Lumber Co 
(F A R M A RANCH R ealtors) 
Dependable Since 19)4“ 
4o7 N /o rro m o m 437 78*1 
NEAR PIPE C R I I X 
I) *» a c re h o m e s ite 
B e a u tifu l view and tree*, p riv a c y ll),POO 
Owner financed 
Jim 
Taylor 
414 *oo8 
1 
N e w B ra u n fe ls H ill C o u n try 
P rope rty Schee) B Assoc Ready 
647 
S 
Seaum 
N 
B raun tgl* 
*73 9o71 
I lk 7 oak c o v e re d a c re s vie w o v e rlo o k in g s p rin g ted la k e . 7 w e ll*, fenced, sm oll cottage. IU 
North Owner. 6o4 1737 
______ 
O w ner. 7oo IOO 3oo e rre s . I m i west ot C astroville. E dw ards well im p ro ve d , good h u n tin g O w ner financed I 43* 347*. I 41* 3*41 

?3? FARMS AND RANCHES 

W AN TED TO LEASE 

2oo T O 2 o o o A C R E S 
P a stu re la n d fo r c a ttle A ddress 
Iud in form ation to 
G T M cA l p in 
528 South V andiver 
Son Antonio, Tx 7o3o4 
Want to loose 7oo'2ooo ocres pas lu re land far cattle Address full into lo G T M cA lpin 574 S Van diver. Son Antonio 742o4 ___ _ 
WE CAN SELL YOUR 
RANCH FA RM OR HOME 
IN THE H IL L COUNTRY 
HOUSTON RANCH R E A L T Y 
Boerne. Tx 7ooo6 
144 7 H 4 o r 244 3)14_____________ 
What type Ronch do you want? 
RANCH M A R K E T 224 SIO* 
R! J Box 221, San Antonio, 74218 

236 

SALE 

COMMERCIAL PROPERTY . 238 
COMMERCIAL PROPERTY 

LEASE 

234 I ARMS EQR RENT 

W A N T 
TO 
B U Y 
O R 
L E A S E p ea nu t a llo tm e n t in A ta s c o s a Co 
S m a lt o r la rg e a c re a g e 
J im m y 
Seov 
P O B O X 111 P le a s a n to n . 
Tx 7QQQ4, 3*4 1347______________ 

236 

SALE 

COMMERCIAL PROPERTY 

S3&o PER ACRE 

2 #o a c es in d g s tr m i site 
WW W h it* Rd neo r L oop 41o 
533 1994 R e s p o n d ** w ily *34 34*7 
I 14 a e ro * ro ile d b u sin e ss 
IOO It fro n ta g e , a d ia c e n t ra ilr o a d n e a r a c tiv e shop ca n to r, in d u s tria l 
M AC R E A L E S T A T E 87o 7571 
A P P R O X 2 A C R E S 
I m i o u t of 
C ity lim it* on I H ) / So 3*oo d ow n. n o r e s t r ic t io n s , e a s y t e r m s 
424 4646 
41) 14)7___________ _ 

C o m m e rc ia l B u d d in g B a r g a in . 
31oo 5a F t c o r n e r lo t. 3ooo 5 
F lo re * 
O w n er w ill h a n d le 
42 J *317 
C u m r n e r o o ! la n d un N a c o * ditches. JO o c re s , n e a r 41o, w ith ad u td itite * a v a ila b le 
C ad E rn e s to 
A n c iru Sr 
3*4 3147 or 344 2o74 
C O M M E R C IA L B U IL D IN G . TOOO sa ti b tu * 53o sa H s to ra g e on I I a c re s F ro n t* DO 
13o7 R o o se ve lt id e a l re to rt lo c a tio n O w n e r c a rry 
*3o.3oo o24 o2o4 R E A L T O R S 
STEVE T. LINCH 

C o m m e rc ia l B u ild in g B a r g a in 
32oo Sa F t e a r n e r lo t. 5ooo 5 
F io re s O w n e r w ilt b o d le t i t 4317 

D O W N T O W N IH 35 
C o rn e r e l a ccess, goad e x p o s u re , easy a c c e s s ib ility , shop or o ffic e 
M AC R E A L E S T A T E O I* 23H 
EXCELLENT BUSINESS 
LOCATION 
14*) W H ild e b ra n d lu s t Off IH IO 
Q uick p ossession T e rm s hesitate 

1 o ,o o o Sq. Ft. 

OFFICE-WAREHOUSE 

L a rg e fe n c e d y a rd 
Lots o f 

 p a rk in g 
V ic in ity 
B ro o d w a y, Loop 4 1o 
V ary w all 

 p ric e d 

C a ll Rick T h o m s o n 
D- B. M arron Co. 
2 2 6 -5 1 7 1 

S U P E R 

L O C A T IO N 

Just over 2 o a ts Ramsey 
Rood, oil utilities, zoned o3 ond Bl PRICED RIGHT* 

BOB MCGINNIS 
REALTORS 
3 4 9 -1 H 
I 

O P P O R T U N IT Y K N O C K ' L e c o l in v e s to r b ro k e r, m u s t sett p rim e p r o p e r t ie s , 3# a c r e s on U S 9 o 
W est. FISH on H w y 
Sl#o.#oo. f# a c re s on C a s tro v ille c ity lim its , od u tilitie s , liv e r fro n t s i'.# ,OOO N a m e y o u r te rm s * 
J o h n 
P h ilp o rt 
3*1 *eee 
Sole or Lease, b u ild in g a1 t i * W 
Thotssen. B oe rn e. Tx L a rg e sales a re a in fro n t, w a re h o u s e in re a r t #3) 4S34_______________ __________ 
San P e d ro O ffic e a id e G ood Hen tat. o w n e r fin a n c e L e n n a rd R e al ji£. l u t i s t 

N o rth s id e R e ta il S pace 
U.OOO sa ft b ld g on b usy s tre e t, 
Sc sa ft 
A LS O 35(o sa 
It new s to re J o ck A lte r 347 4 IS I ________ 

Northside Warehouses 

I 248 OFFICE SPACE FOR 1LASE 

O ffic e s p o re . N E . fu r n is h e d , Im m e d ia te o c c u p a n c y , u tilitie s p a id . 
G a le C la rk 
1 2 * 3251 
H e n r y S 
M ille r Co R e a lto rs 

252 SELL OR EXCHANGE ■ 

M A V ! 
I ASH B u . l r : , 

 ft a n d 7(oo sa ft w ith 
L ow re n t 
J o c k 
A tte r 

 e ld e r h o m e s , a p ts n e e d in g r e p a ir * 
J o h n B 
B e c a ll. B r o k e r to n G u n te r B ld g 22* /O JI (7 4 1o73 
?ooo sa odic es 
3 4 2 -4 1 5 H p F T ^ ^ « E H o u V E T p o 7 7 T ? r ?S4 REAL ESTATE WANTED lease, c o m p e titiv e re n ta ls , o irp o i h fire d Coll 14 1 224 1 
O v e r 71-4oo sa It on A u s tin H w y 
N e a r T e r r e ll P ta r a S h o p p in g 
C e n te r 
S m a ll o ffic e b u ild in g id e a l fo r n u r s e ry , u s e d c o r lo t, auto s e rv ic in g , fie 
B en L a m b e rt 
CO 1431 A u s tin H w y 834 o461 
I 

SPACE FO R L E A S E 
H E L O T E S S H O P P IN G C E N T E R 
ON B A N D E R A RO 
474 H O I Or 495 3*47 

7*oo SO F T . a ir h ea t. n ice d is p la y m e a 
7)17 V a n c e J a c k s o n Rd 
SS^O jnonlh 1)3 o4*1 444 I H I ___ 

 i s oo~Sa F t b u il d in g o i l IH )S 
N o rth 3183 m o 633 oo*7________ 

S T O R A G E S P A C E F O R R E N T 
I OOO s a IT , 2oC S t i 
4o6 W 
H ild ehcond 733 o441 64* I H I 

WAREHOUSE SPACE 
o.ooo SU ft n ew m a s o n ry b u d d in g fo r sate. n e a r e x p re s s w a y , e asy te rm s fo r s tro n g b u y e r 
4.ooo so ti . M a s o n ry b u iid m q to r le o s *, m o n th to m o n tn o r tong 
I te rm 
4.3oo * o ti b u d d in g w ith 15o sa ti of m e r o d ic # * 
L a rg e fe n c e d tat, n e o r e x p re s s w a y 
P F A C O C K . RE A t TO R S , o74 OSM 

7o/ 
W 
~ 
C E V A L L O S 
(D O W N T O W N ) 
B R A N D N E W M A S O N R Y W A R 
I H O U S E 
*5oo sa It a i I7e p e r sa It 
7o t i c e ilin g 
R R 
S p u r 
C lo s e to e x p r e s s w a y 
C A R L O S 
SA N C H E Z . A g e n t 232 1o97 _____ 

4ox 4o B U S IN E S S L O C A T IO N . 
N O R T H S ID E C A L L 735 1o44 

 f x e o jh v * d e s ire s J o r Y b e d ro n m h o r n * o n SO 4o a c r e s 
G r a t i n g la n d , w ith sto ck b o n d s w ith in 7o m i of S A 
R e p ly to M r * 
P ru d v 
B re m e rto n PO B ox 5 13)o n o u s ton. TX 27o52 713 27) 4o61________ 
E x e c u fiv * d e s ire s . J o r I b e d ro o m h om e on 5o 4o a c re s . G ra c in g la n d w ith stock b o n d s w ith in 2o m ite s o f S A 
R e p ly to M r s 
P r u d v 
B r o th e r to n , P O 
B o x S ID O . 
Hou s to n . Tx 7/o57 71 3 223 4o*1 
In d iv id u a l w o n ts to b u y o ilie r in c o m e o r o g e n y , c o n d itio n u m m p o rta n t E A to e k, P O G ro w e r K 
P o rtla n d , T v >o374 
W A n t l b 
R E A L g U 
'A f g ’ b N 

 m a j o r r i v e r p r i n c i p a l s 
O N L Y IOO* t* th s t 
O ro n q e . T i 
>7*3o 

256 REAL ESTATE LOAMS 

 u .1 * t u t i o A k fT " F 7 fT 7 T t lie n s 
M a x I y rs 
B u y n o te s le s s th a n o *. w ith d is c o u n t 
A V R o d rig u e I B ro k e r 221 o484 

3o2 MOBILE HOMES REN! 

 r u m m r o u in T r y T iT m ir 
N e a r c ity 
W ith g a r d e n , fis h in g spot SUS m o n th 423 44*7 

7 t iK rrn is h e d . n o rth e a s t i j ) 

AOI 
APARTMENTS EDRA! 

• ro e 
*44 
T T T 

128 ACRES l i v e O a k C e. A tt b r u s h , g o o d h u n tin g F M ro o d fro n ta g e , s e m i m in e ra ls 5)45 a er a e r# 

W A N T C O A S T A L P R O P E R T Y 
A ra n s a s P a s s a r P e r t A ra n s a s 
D O U G L A S A N D E R S O N 
*o ) C o rd in g 
>37 1347 
W a te r F r o n t L o t on lu k e L B J . 
S ta r t in g a t I S . OOO, O o k R id g e t slo t# 6 m ill s o ft 781 O w n e r w ill fin a n c e , c a m p in g on to t F e rm is su pie to r m e re in fo r m a tio n C ad 
517 5Vk 5)33 or 548 718o 

23o LOTS 

I A c re on S u tp h e r S p rin g s R d w a te r , e le c t r ic it y , s e p tic ta n k 
SS.o9o 64o 1*4o 

B IG LO T a tt D u ke R ead. so uth e t 
F M 
IS I* 
31/39 W itt 
Trade to r p ic k u p 
• 74 * IO* 
A L L R E A L T Y i i ) ItQ I 

CHOICE HOMESITES 
Q u ie tly s e c lu d e d in W o o d la w n 
H ills 
B u ild n e w o r h e ld to r in ­ ve s tm e n t T e rm s a v a d o b lv Si-oo9 to *4999 
P a v e d s tre e ts 
A ll u tili lie s N e a r S chools a nd sh o p p m o 
N e a r B u n d e r a R d a n d Bene us 
D r F g i d e ta ils cad L e w * F lo t es, 
I I I 311! 
______ 

VESTUTO 
(34 Hts 

954 A C R E S 
L o c a te d 33 m ile s n o rth of B la d y good sheep a nd 1 a ttle c o u n try . 49o 
Ac c u d . p le n ty w o te r, m in e ra ls v a lu a b le gas. 3)4# p e r a c re 
Ph 
415 144 *>#>, B ic h o rd Janes, S ta r 
R L. I c hn, T e xas 76o32 
_ 

343 A C R E I / 25 n u t e t S A , A la s c o s o Co .C re e k , a c c e s s c o u n ty : re a d a ro u n d p ro p e rty 
I 5*4-4683 d a y s o tte r 4.1 149 2217 

1o o c re s n e a r C a la v e r a s L a s e 
W ell co u ld be te rm e d IF S d ow n b a la n c e I t y e a rs a t I " . I l l 3*71 
S t r a u d e r N e ls o n B e p it y 

11 ACS 
T re e s. C o a s ta l 
H u n tin g c a b in 
S /*S o r 
O w n e r tm o n c e d 
B obbie A n d e rs e n G R E IN C A M P 
B E L L 
R E A L T Y , 
S A 
45o 51)1 
I 174 3634 
____________ _ 
Ti b e a u tifu l M itt C o u n try A n e s 
3)o3 d o w n p a y m e n t 
)S t 4o p er m o 
L e ts o f g a m e 
S p e c ta c u la r view s 
C oit to r a p p o in tm e n t 
I U 7 * * 4 ________________ _ 
B O E R N E A R E A 
4* A C R E S w ith tin e { s t o r y h e m * to r c o u n try liv in g M T W p e r a c re 
C a ll S h irle y Johnson o)2 9)o4 ta r d e ta ils (24 o71) 
COOK CO. REALTORS 

B v o w n e r. I a c re s g oo d fa rm la n d . 
. nu n et B o u rn # en d e a d e n d rd . 
V V 1 se clu d e d I 349 

G ood h u n tin g IOO a c re s , S IH 5o p er a c re . ) ' • d ow n p a y m e n t I *x*» s im p le in te re s t O w n e r fin a n c e d 
C ob 7)4 7*64 

GUEST RANCH 
*34 A c re s a n d e a o tp m e n t ta r sue c e s s tg i o p e ra tio n o f one OI th e fin e s t re s o rt ra n c h e s in T e x a s 
E R N E S T S O A R D 
VARNER REALTY 
4*8 4)64 A N Y T IM E 

74 IO a c re s tr a c t 
L e a k e y A re a 
H e a v ily w o o d e d 
G o o d h u n t in g SISO d a w n 
3 1 OO 17 m o n th ly E m o r» Jones 7)4 4 *2 / 

- R A N C H L A N O S - l o nd F o r Att P u rp o s e s 
No 
I F u n ts te ne. 7(71) 
344 4o)4 
RIMCO REALTY 
*84 ttOO B e n ch e s 447 2746 

 l l I S E C T IO N S SWU le v o * Pen h a n d le 
D o n O 
C o c k r e ll Ce 
M e rn a m s Tx 8(4 334 24)1________ 

G O O D O P P O R T U N IT Y . H a r d w a ie a nd lu m b e r in M e d in a L a k e a re a O w n e r w ill fin a n c e a tt 4711 or 751 444) 
P IO N E E R R E A L TY___ 
Hill Country 
Opportunity n o t 84o(5o F t make 

STOCKDALE 

HILL 
C O U N TR Y 
RANCH 
N e o r Junction 9Zo Acres 
I w e ll* w ith c o n c re te stock ta n k s 
G ood b a rn s , c o rra ls , fe n c e s . L e ts of gam e M d# ot p a v e d ro a d iro n 
•age L ik e new b ric k ) h r 2 b oth . fire p la c e 
3)75 
P E R 
A C R E 
TERMS 
Philip O W ord A ASSOC 
Houston (/1 ))624 3(7 I 

 h TLT c o u n T r T to A C R E S h ills , s e n n a le d ta n k 
79 A C R E S oak c o v e re d h ills 
I# A C R E S h e a v y tim b e r, good b u n tin e 
7o A C R E S co bm , h ilts , o a k s 
258 A C R E S o ak c o v e r e d h ills . s ta lin g te d t a n k , r o b in , p e n s w e lls , (le s e in 
O w n e r w rit ce n sider tra d e 
JE R K Y W A G N O N A ASSOC 
( I M M U 
)<4 >714 N i n 
M IL L 
C O U N T R Y 
N E A R 
K E MW V IL LE 
4 b e d ro o m , lo a t h , lo d e * T e n n is c e o r l 
O n 33 a c r e s a r rn e r e I 
S loe (OU I 46* r47l________ ______ 
HO RSE F A R M 
(o a cre s, new m e io i h orse b u rn l ( ( i l * S in do o r o nd o u td o o r a re n as ) ( Stotts ro c * ta rts n ice ra n c h house, ta e p to c e p au l 45 m n # * Hi 
5 A 
F a u lty 
T e rm s 
N r-ea tia bU - 
L A N D O N M A R t IN *44 *4 4 3 

 ll# A cre s, ) ' 1 m ile s N o rth e lf I ) ) 
* a e d i o o ir 
J'1 b a th 
P re tty to n a ld h ou se, b a rn p e n s . g o o d ac c e ss 
F o r S ate e n d F in a n c e b y o w n e r 
M ig h t bu s a m * tr a d in g 
*45 *»oS. *45 37o5 
__________ 
5 U T H E R L A N D S P R IN G S . >75 
A c re s a t C o a s ta l w ith t a r p * oak tr e e * , s to c k ta n k 
C o u n ty ro o d w it h a c c e s s to p a v e m e n t e n tra n c e NO A G E N T S P L E A S E 
1 t i l P I I AH s p rn 

TEXAS VETS 
I# A C R E S w est G u a d a lu p e Cpu" tv 
R o a d fr o n ta g e , w a te r tm * . d a rk sud 
IO A C R E S e a s t B e x a r C o u n ty 
R oad fro n ta g e , w a te r lin e . sa nd y tom e 

 land Locators ot Texas 
S A 4*7 I t s * set I D ) 
IOO lo )4 I ac n e a r U v a ld e a n d 
B ra c k e ttv ille G oad h u n tin g L e a n g td R ea lty 7)4 *754 
_________ 
IO I*'4 o ACRES neat I -O'es-die 
G ood in v e s tm e n t to r 
I E X A S 
V E T t A C M E T R A C T S n e a r F lo r e s vim# R e s id e n tia l or C o m m e rc ia l 
R U T H 
M C B R ID E 
R E A L T Y 
I i i i U H 
U P P E R S A B IN A L C A N T O N 
143 a c re s c reek dense w eeds 
J K L E IG H T O N R E A L T O R * 
V a n d e r bual- 788(5 
312 946 149# 

A p p lo t 84(95a F t m a s o n 'v b id e in d o w n to w n B o e rn e 
N e w ro o f. w ire d to r in d u s tria l e g u ip 
S t!) 
517 4333_________ 
H O M E O F F IC E 
B e a u tifu l b r ic k h o m e in g r e a t lo c a tio n , p e rfe c t to r h a m * a ttic * o p e ra tio n ) ) 2 a ttic e o il p a n e le d 
M AC R E A L E S T A T E 878 7321 
ID E A L L O C A T IO N fo r a r e te s 
* nm o l or lig h t re ta il C o li us ond le t * d iscuss 
It 
344 4o44 
N ile s 
J44 7(3* 
Don Bouchette 
A CO INC. R E A L I OR 3 M IS 
L A N D w ith a r e a l c o m m e r c ia ) lo c a t io n e n d p o t e n t ia l in O ld 
H elotes M o n y tre e s w ith ru n n in g 
(re e k 4)4 2)41 
RED CARPET 

 r e a l t o r s 

4oo sa IT b u ild in g St 11.9(o 

KorZtMWa Realty 349 3151 

17.ooo SQ FT S T R IP C E N T E R 
C h o ic * lo c a tio n 
M o d e rn ) y rs o ld 
O w n e rs m u s t s e ll 
S t * . OOO dow n a nd a ssu m e 
4*4 1224. 

238 COMMERCIAL PROPERTY 
LEASE 

At 51o Al MAIN 
A IR C O N D IT IO N E D O F F IC E S , 
R E T A IL E T C L E A S E OR S ALE 
2)4 9174, 7)4 3572 
G A L IN D O R E A L T Y CO O W N fcB 

AVAILABLE WAREHOUSE 

AND OFFICE SPACE 
In B ea co n C irc le 
4,oo9 3 a 'i 
Att a c 
W itt re m o d e l ta s u it 
E t n est 
Sooty C o m m e rc ia l P ro p 341 R te 

1411 142o E 
C O M M E R L E 
G ood i a ta ri space. 27o9 sa t i 
5239 m o 
Att o r p a rt 
M a u re e n A le x a n d e r. 
)4 l 4141 
Naylor Realty Inc 

 c x c I l l c n t B u s in e s s lo c u tio n , 
1.ooo sg tt IQ I* C in e tn n o ti A ye___ 

47*1 F i ede r ic k s b u r # R d h as Of t ic * sp ace a n d c o v e re d a n d un c o v e re d v o id space 
; U l 
W IT H S E R V I 
SOI N o rth l o t 

- 242 M S im il W H IT Y 

[DB SAU _ _ _ _ _ 

T R B i n Y I l X n ! ! B T r ^ T r f r ! n S u p . Z o n e d I t , t a lly d e v e lo p e d 
I t p P o rk E o s y te rm s 43) 14(4 

244 INDUSTRIAL PROPERIY 

O t T ^ ^ T ^ o ^ e w i t h ^ y i ^ r i ^ t fe n c e d in v o id C olt 111 541. a tt 4. 

246 INDUS I RIAL WANI LO 

T n o T o Y T T ^ e ^ T o i^ h iT e L o o o 
41# IN U N 37oo M o n k l* 38oo 

ADULTS ONLY 
226 354? 
E H irie n ry . I b d rm 3*3 5*3 

Adults Southside 

S127. MO. TURN 
B ra n d n e w e le g a n t e m in e n c e * , p o o l, s h a g c o r p e t. b ig c lo s e ts fa n ta s tic k it c h e n 
R o b in s N e s t 
A p t 5)8 H ot W elts B lv d 3)3 o311 

A ir . I b e d ro o m o p t, w ills v ie w n ic e ly tu rn n e p ets. HOO, 71) 7o4) 

248 OFFICE SPACE (OR LEASE 

• a 1 I m & H^ IGN TS * 
4 ro o m s u it* 
R e a s o n a b le 
R L 
S te w a rt SJI l i l t 
514o B ro a d w a y 
-------------iii I fib ut*------------- 
B v a irp o r t 
S e c re ta ry a n s w e rin g s e rv ic e a v a ila b le 494 51o3 
N E A ft A l r " b r q a B w I ' y 
A R E A A N O L O O P 41o F o r le a s * s m a lt a t t ic * , p a n e le d , u t il od 
A n s w e rin g s e rv ic e a v a il a t a d d i tio n a i c o s t 
F a r fu r th e r in to c a ll 
141 >244 a r 111 1o1o eves ar pi n r e w e r war c Hou$f 
O R R E T A IL S TO R E 
12o4 W EST 
A V E 
IN Q U IR E 12oo W E S T A V E 
BRF N N A ft CO 344 3471 

APTS F U R N I S H E D 
8145. 
H IT T IM A N R O A T IH JS 
THE F A I R D A L E 
66oo F A I R D A L E 
_______6S6 I O O ! ______ 

APTS. F U R N I S H E D 
8145. 
!R A a nd E V E ! 
B A N D E R A o nd E V E R S RO 
H I D D E N M E A D O W 
5959 W U R ZB A C H 

A P T S O u t V p p V j S W E D 585 
57o d e p o s it d e ta il* a t 111 9249 

A s t o r i a 
IO 141 S AH A 

 a a n d un 
PNSIigiOUS c , , „ t l , ; „ n 
Z . " - 
O ffice b u d M w e s i 
MCE S IA t s to ry , l l OOOAq ti en fre e w a y i ' uyT,o U w '7 a n i iWTs"WTn'J'K 

T o t*) Sa h a r a ) * * * iv 
F U R N IS H E D UNT U R N IS H l O 

M O T E L , 
1 454 i 
H O U S T O N 
O w n er w rit fin a n c e 
484 4)11 ar 731 444) 
P IO N E E R R fcA L T V 

NEAR AIRPORT 
O fttre . w a re h o u s e t (SS sa ft to rat 4)o9 arr c o n d itio n e d s i* 75o 
O w n e r c a rry 
C oit W B 
A te lie r 
) 4 1 4191 
Naylor Realty Inc. 

 n e a r s a c 
J u n its roP m iO I 
W h ile c o lu m n s 
S u m m e r p o rc h e s E o s y re m 
M A C R E A L E S T A T E o)8 /SJI 

G A R A G E 
T IO N FOR R E N T romgio t il OtH_ 
(H O T T E S T U S E D C A R L O T T h 
T o w n ' 5)oo per m s P ro v e n to r TO v e e r * H u rry * I H I C e le b re Rd 
T IS O **). Niles *44 I t l l __________ 

L E A S E 
4 34 AC H E S tseo 5 E 
M il IT A B Y OR 77) 1)47 
L O W E R L E V E L 
4(1 W C y o re s * s u ita b le fo r TV r e p a ir s , U p h o t s to ry . 
A uto p a rts 
SIS* m a 
7)4 32/9 
_ _______________________ 

2)14 Mc C u iie u p h n ow o c c u lte d a s u ph olstery shop 
A v a ila b le 
M a rc h ) l i t 
R iv e ra . 8 )4 8594 j awee 4P M 

N E W le a s e sp ace rn new H e lo te s 
S ho p pin g C enter 
W E IS G A R B E R 
P RO P FR H E S 349 J >84 

NORTHSIDT 
N ear San F ra n c lic e S teak H ouse 
O ffic e W a re h o u s e s p a c e 
C o it 
S andy 
4 *1 8 **8 . w e a ke n e s 
J U n i l 
__ 

T e n a n t ca n b t a w n ta a w n pion a n d s p e c if ic * 
P r e v io u s ly ac c o p ie d b v b a n k 
A n y re a s o n a b le a r t o n p e m e n ! c o n s id e r e d w ith q u a lifie d te n o n ! 
C at! C a rl B ohn 
A g e n t JA I 4141 

Naylor.R_ealty Inc 
P R I M E A l l i c e s p a c e e n n e w 
N o rth E • O 'ts s w a v n e p r a ir p o r t 
R e a s o n a b le ro te s c o v e re d u k e a ll c a n v g m e n re * 
J44 3454 
W rekdQ Y s 
_______________ ____ 

 va ft 
SJH) brits pa I i * 42*4__ 

A V A IL A B L E a t a n t i rn th * beau titu l H o n o r B u n d in g O w ertngam g 
T u rtle C re e k G a lt C o u rs e n e a r e v e r y th in g 
S e v e ra l e n * m o n et tre e s n e w o pen ta r y o u r in s p e c ­ t io n 
4 S ( 
4 (9 o n d 145 SO ft e v a d a b le 
R O H D E 
CO , 
R E A L T O R S 
41)4 
G a rd e n d a le , 
444 5)11 

 a ie a 
543 U S . I o r I b e d ro o m c o tta g e s tu rn or u n fu tn V e ry (te e n , g u ie t p riv a te , u tilitie s p a r t p a n a c h it d re n or pets (2 4 U S ) 

 ie a u iiT a ll lu x u r io u s ta rp # cli his w a sh e r baar, t I b e d ro o m s , u tiii 
141 411] 
T H ig e . E l id m n" 
E 
G r a y s o n 

 h ts p a id 313) B la n 
I B e d * o o m C o t J w a t e r o d 
* ) ( 
774 U S I. 4 ) ) (5 > * 
__ ____ 
~ b e d r a o m p r iv a t e b a li* e n t r a n c e , n e c h ild r e n p e ls , I S I 
I i «otde S tre e t 5 )1 4 *7 4 

? Bedrooms Southside 
C f f t ir a t M o * a ir , C m t d r in © ti c ©rn r Caw ♦1> 3*2» r t e cir on m w a ll Jo~wofV ra ro e T . u p s ta ir s 
31*5 b d ls p a 
( t * E 
Q u in c y * 7 ! / t i t 
B T j R l l H B ' T i l r T b e d r oom b itts ad U IS m o 33* e«9l________ b o r t e i g ir l w a u ls fe m a le ro a m m a le 344 7*48 , 22 2 o)48 

1373131o 

o267757o 

F o u rth P ag e 
E x p r e s s - N e w s — T h u r s d a y , M a r c h 3 , I 9 7 7 
4o4 APARTMENTS UNFURN m - APABTMENTS-FUf.S 

FURNISHED 
APARTMENTS 

 f r o m 

* 4 6 . 
Weekly 

$ 1 5 2 • Monthly 
Studio, I -2 bedrooms 

N O H A S E 

TENNIS COURT 
ADULT LIVING—NO PETS 

WARREN HOUSE 

3 2 2 ? N W L o o p 4 1 o 
’•» of Dowhurs* and oc(«m rood Alo** 

3 4 2 - 4 o 2 9 

 rf— 
R EN TALS 
3 CZI 

W M y H m w r v w n w iB M P w nw m nm iiniiiii 

FURN. I UNFURN. 

Family & Adult Sections 
2 Pools ft Playground 

R e n ta ls s t a r t in g a t 
$185 
In c lu d in g U t ilit ie s 

P A I N T E R S M 
I U 
52oo BLANCO 
3 4 9 -2 2 2 2 

^ o u m n p v i v n n i 
' • ' i A n s e rin e WTS w 
A 

O Mind Dunk (Tub 
Motilities 
• Gym unit Mire hems* 
Classes 
• Beauty Shop 
• Sauna etsiilpool 
• Tennis (ouits i pools 
• lies! Tree 'Sfngerotois 
• IO Minutes to 
Downtown 

4o32 E. Southerns* 
3 3 7 -5 2 4 2 

C P M C O R P O R A T I O N 

The 
Courtyard/ 

2 & 3 Bo d r rn. 
Apts. 
A ll Electric 
Kitchens 
Outside Storage. N S Schools 
4411 Gardendale 
696-4892 

1, 
2, and 3 bedroom 
Apts 
Furnished or Un­ furnished 

I I 721 Parliament 
349-3149 

Quiet Home 
Style Living 

Effic to 3 bdrm 
Townhouses with fireplaces 
I? Door plans. 
Adult Si Family Areas 

6623 Callaghan Rd. 
696-329o 

4o4 APARTMENTS UNFURN 

N O R T H E A S T 
CONVENIENCE 

U T I L I T I E S P A I D 

□ h a rd e n N -ttinp> 
□ P riva te Patio* 
□ Pi min and Parts R oom 
CU E fH e ienrie c. I and 2 
B edroom * 
□ D ish sve lte r, Drape* and 
I V Antenna* 
□ W alk lo Northern.) 
S ehool* 
□ I io *e to p o rt ''a n i 
D 3 M in u te * to Tri in d *o r 
P ark M all 
□ P u m ilu r e 
X sa ila ltle 

• 
$8o WATER PO 
• 
I or 2 bedroom s, 3o3 E. Courtland, bus at door, walk to SAC. B R E N ­ 
NER CO 344-3471 
3o1 o9-IS W M agnolia 
“ 
A p a rtm e n ts (ro m S1oo and u p ­ r e a r SAC, convenient shoppino. bus lines. Call 733-9857. 

IGG HOUSES DUPLEXES 
FURNISHED 
Ii A c T o s ^K T Ih fT T 'T e d n B o m T c ^ 
I private. S82. W ater pd. <35 9144 
J I, available M arch J, no pets or children, 1423 W averly, 734-o58o. 
B argain garage apt, I bdrm , only 
S7o, all b ills pd 
United, 735-9121, tee (513-1) 
3 bedroom , 2 bath, la rg e den. a ir, fenced 525o. 434-4448____________ 
2 B e dro om , h e a t-a ir, SUS. w ater od A fte r 4PM 735-4143 

I bedroom house, re a r 

 mo 

4o8 HOMES. DUPLEXES, 
UNFURNISHED 
BUSINESS 
O P PO R TU N ITIES 
S 

 couple only, 
435-o665. 
Bills pd. 
W orking 
S125mo. 

 efficiencies 
1 -2 -3 B e d ro o m Flats to 3 
B e d ro o m Tow nhou ses 

3815 Parkdale 
696-3499 

VILLA Of 

483o Ray Bon Drive 
6 5 3 *7 3 o O 

2 Brdm . Purn. house, plus (em ily room Old neighborhood, close to 
T rin ity U. M c o llls te r Fw y. 115o, p lu s u tilitie s . $75-O ep. R e n ta l agreem ent contract. CAII 733-o481 oft 6pm 
______ ______________ 
C lean I b d rm , c a rp e te d , a ir , fenced, low deposit, only 1135 
United, 735-9121, lee (515 3) 
Duplex, near Ft. Sam, I bedroom, 
I bath, fenced, w a ter pd 595. mo 
828 2722. 
_______ 
Econom y I bedroom . CP, w ater ad, now $65 
United, 735-9121, fee (535-2) 
H I GM L A N 6 P K . S o u th s id e , 4 room duplex, child welcome, 
826-2233. 
L a c k la n d 2 b d rm m o b ile has washer, fenced fo r all, 514o 
United, 735-9121, fee (552 I) 
131 M id d le b u ry , (N E ). 3-1, a ir, fence, 1185. 826-7913, 

T H E GREENHO USE 
1 Bedrm. Townhouses $ 1 8 5. 
72oo S. Presa 
532-7389 

J 
J 
U 
, * 
™ 

L r I and Associates rftSta 

4o1 APARTMENTS FURN 

SH S S us F and 3 b e d n jo m ^ ld e a l for young m a rrie d s w ith a sm all child The B oardw alk offers 3 be­ droom s u n furn fo r 129o. I pools, club room and la u n d ry Close to 
W onderland and C entral P ark 
3536 West Avenue 349-42o3 
B a rry G illin g w a te r Co. 

TALLYHO 

MOBILE HOME INC. 
35o3 NO RTH PAN AM 
223-3218 
M O N .-FR I. 9-6 

• LINDA APTS. • 

2 3 3 H O W A R D 

I blk. M e tro p o lita n H o s­ p ita l, M e d ica l Professional 
B ld g ., 
B a ptist 
H o spital a n d M am Bank, I a n d 2 bed roo m apts. S to rtin g a l 
S I 7 5 A d ults N o pets. 

2 2 6 -8 4 9 2 

~ a i T L f e H ILLS A R E A--------- 
5231 Blanco, townhouse apts. 1-2 i bedroom , 2 baths, fu rn -u n fu rn A ll b ills Bd. 3414113. 
(le a n e fficie n cy and 7 bedroom near Ft. Sam 828-69o7___________ 
C orol Sands 1515 W Contour <E o ff 57oo San P e d ro ), a ir. p o o l, w a fe r pd. 2 B d rm tu rn . $16o. I 
B d rm SIPS. 826-7913. 
D e s e rt Sands, 4815 B ro a d w a y , tu rn . a ir. t-B d rm a p t 
$95 
826-7933 
•D O W N TdW N POS+ O F F IC E * 
2 blks A ir, I room s, carpel, cleon 
•e w decor quiet M atu re lady pre te rr ed 126 M cC ullough 824-7788 
825 E F a rso n , $85 m o h ills od, deposit pay la ter. 227-46o4 th lc ie n c e s . a ir, bus. shops SIO w k $125 m o up B ills pd. Section 
8. 534-34o1. 434-9645. 
"T RIT C H Ne v m m 
P d tao 

TENDER LOVING CARE 
C overed w o lk -w a y fro m c a r lo apt., la undry and m ailbox area so you w o n't get d re n ch e d , la rg e r ro o m s so you w o n 't b a rk y o u r shins 342-9113 826-1594 and see. 
THE KINGSTO N APTS. 
22o2 Vance Jackson For TLC 
Three can share a 3 bedroom apt. at the B o ard w alk fo r H IO eoch. 
P o ol, c lu b ro o m and la u n d ry . 
Close to 
C e ntral 
P o rk and 
W onderland 
3536 West Avenue 349 42o3 
B a rry G illin g w a te r Co 
TV M O N ITO R E D SE C U R ITY- " 
G A R D E N PATIOS 
CLUB ROOMS 
G YM AN D SAUNAS 
1-2-3 BEDROOMS, 1-2 BATHS 
1185 to 1275 B ILLS P A ID 
PARK TOWNE APTS 
434 4191 
7o11 B A N D E R A ROAD 
Between H illcre st and C allaghan 

Or this carpeted 2 b d rm , a ir. no 
I lease, fenced for pets, 114o 
United, 735-9121, tee (5 2 9 -D H 

LUXURIOUS 

L A R G E 

2 B E D R O O M , 
2 B A T H . 
O V E R 1 2 o o 
S O . F T . 

START AT $34o. 

High Ridged 

H ills id e A p a rtm e n ts 

5 2 1 1 F re d e ric k s b u rg 

3 4 1 - 8 2 2 1 

LARGE 
I BEDROOM 
ONE BATH 

*1 9 o . i. * 2 1 o . 

Ten Hoot plans to (boose from for exquisite odufl living All bills paid 
Recreation room, large balconies, outdoor Bar B 
Que grills, icemakers, fire places and beamed ceilings 

1 o 3 6 2 SAHARA DR. 

3 4 9 -2 6 1 7 

438 SU M N E R - (bi £ '). T Y A i r , fence, 1175. 826-7913_____________ 
T ry this NE 3 b d rm m obile, cen­ tra l a ir, iust HOS, call 
United, 735-9121. fee (514-2) 
312 w T y p r ESS Y B e d ro o m , garage, yard, 1155. Call collect 
I 345*1777. 

4o8 HOMES, DUPLEXES. 
UNFURNISHED 

CHOICE RENTALS 

319 Hialeah 2-1-1................$165 

5839 Castle Hunt 3-1-1 . 
$195 

8723 Quail Creek 3-2-2 . .. $235 

12521 Sandpiper 3-2 2 .... $3oo 

79o6 Rustic Forest 4-7-2 .. $325 
MAHY MORE TO CHOOSE FROM 
C a ll $ 2 8 - 5 7 o 4 
C E N T U R Y 2 1 

BO* BOOGERS, RE AIT ORS 

JE R R Y SM ITH, 494-3855 
I Jo 7 " f 
H iiisochc 
; bedroom opt 
1125 Carpet, a ir 733 1775_______ 
E n io v the g e n tle p a ce o l lh 
B o a rd w a lk 
S pend y o u r o fte r noons chatting w ith frie n d s d u rin g a nome of b rid g e Close to Won d e rla n d o r C e n tra l P a rk M a ll 
Catch a bus to anyw here Join our com m unity w here a il ages share the good lite 
3536 West Avenue 349 42o3 
B o try G ttlingw a ter Ce. 
F re d e ricksb u rg Rd (u rn .-upturn 
1-7 bdrm s. w ater pd. bus, 735-4o72 

 g g R T S E I DTgl -------------- 
APARTMENT FINDERS 
824 6351 

WHY SETTLE POR LESS or over pay 
W IL S H IR E APTS. 
Block of Ft Sam N o rth Gate 
826 9159,826-1594 
W M agnolia, adults, no pets, bus center, SICO 826-o6o2 
---------------- 347 w . W a r ? ----------------- 
O ff S. F lores and S E M ilita ry Or. 
I Bedroom, a ir, carpet, w a ter pa 
S12o. 922 921o M gr Apt. I. 

4o4 - APARTMENTS tlNFUMI 

L e t u s f i n d y o u r s — 

2 4 H r . 

T o WNHOUSE-AP ART MENT 

L O C A T O R S 
8 2 8 -o 6 8 1 
FREE— N e c h a rg e t o ye w 
“ TH* FreAessAwwl* in sp#. hunting 

I W i i i u M 

FREE SOUTHSIDE 
LOCATOR SERVICE 
E ft ic ie ne es. 1-2 and 3 bedroom s, tu rn or unturn 533 13oo 
Si33 Furnished I Bedroom Apts. 
A ir, Call Any Day or E ves J 3o 
A M 
9 P M 333 1851 
198"so burnished I B edroom A a l 
A ir. 2 Blks Katie Call Any Day O r 
Night. 7 p m . ■ IO p m 972 Qaid. 
Burnished or unfurnish ed M obil! 
Home 2 bedroom 171 dep. t l3 S j- m o 6 mo loose 623 3457 
| 
6 a ro g e A p l tu rn o r u n fu rn 
J! room s, bath 
1411 H ighland B lvd 
134-4741, open Sot and S un______ 
H ortondoie IOU W ore B eautiful lu x u ry apts, adults, 1145. w ater gas poid 924-1644 f i e I Loc 
87o7 L a n d in g , c e n tra l a ir 3-2 bedroom s. 12oo, b ills paid 
673 o872. >41-4113 
| i um . ’ bi-dr oohs near town. o n ' w ater od M I 347 7884 eves 
“ TW I i i TTC I #6k l Ks$> 
G RO UND LE V E L D U P LE X E S 
BU RN OR U N FU R N 
E X C E L L E N T M A IN T E N A N C E 
H IG H LA N D M ILLS APTS 
*o31 E SOUTHCROSS 
534 88o8 
M A T U R E A & U L T i B H B ro a d 

AUSTIN ARMS APTS. 

233o AUSTIN H W Y. 

Rental Rates 
Starting From $1 51 . 

All utilities pd. 
(MMM 
655-o421 o Z im n 

WINDCREST 

APARTMENTS 

(.usury liv in g rn Northeast 
San A ntonio 

FROM $ 2 1 5 

JS 6 -o1 82 

• 8 3 5 W ILLMON W AY 

N ear 
Kelly-Lackland 
AFB 
Lim ited num ber o f a f 
Ficiencies a n d 
I bedroom apts. N o w available. 

58oo 

MEDINA BASE ROAD 
6 7 4 -7 o o 4 

ADULT LIVING 

FRONT DOOR BOS SCBVICI 

1-BEDROOM, $17o. 
2-BEDRooM, $2o5. 

POOL UTILITIES PO CLOS! TO 
SHOPPING CE NTLI ANO POST 

OFFICE 
THE 
HABITAT 
3 8 1 5 W E S T A V E . 

3 4 4 - 7 7 2 o 

$ n e r t h 

 a p a r t m e n t s 

F re e U t ilit ie s 

C ountry I wing rn the C ity 
I-bedroom Apts now available fi miles north of Loop 4 IO on Babcock turn left 
„ ai Springtime 

6 5 4 2 S p r in g B r a n c h 

6 9 o - 1 4 6 o 

( S e l e c t o r 
W e’Il find yours, free. 

OMN 7 OATS A WNR 
O W Cts THROUGHOUT TIX A f 

3121 N.W. LOOR 41o 
3 4 9 - 1 7 3 7 

DtRtCT COR Rf (KOMORI C f TO 
412) n c e r n a i ix p w t 
DALLAS. IEX 782o4 

• L 
A 
P L A Z A * 

 e 
3 4 1 -4 6 2 1 
• 

M I 
* 1-2-3 Bedrooms 
^ 

• Single and Fomily j 
_ 
Sections 

® 
• P'replaces 
G 

$ 
8 Tennis 
^ 

• 
115NW LOOP 41o # t 
Across From 
# 
• 
North Star Mod 
# 

• 
• 
M t 
M t t 
M 

A A A A A A A A W ...S till re n tin g ? 
W hy n ot ow n y o u r ow n hom e. 
Some only (IOO dow n! No credit? 
No p ro b le m ' 922-17o4. 473-4714. 
474-71o9 
PAT M CVEY R E A L ESTATE 
A A AAA A Home of your own con be yours to r as little as 12oo down and paym ents less than rent. No credit? No problem ! 
JBJ Realty 474-8883 A N Y T IM E 
A Choice of 3-4 bedroom homes lo re n t. Lea se w ith o p tio n to buy 
Own your home NOW! 119o to HOO mo 
GASE B A K E R R E A L T Y CO 
49o-899o Eves 694-88o5. 342-7712 

A C leon 8-1-1? c e n tra l a ir, ap p liance s. fenced, n e a r W ind sor 
PK 122o 655-1129, 656 1654______ 
A h 
Schools, I b lk 
W oodrid ge 
Eta., 3-2, den. appliances, central air, drapes. 1375 mo. 828-1241, 
733-86oo 
Alam o Hts arco. 2 11, a ir, stove, fenced to r pets, 116o 
United, 735-9121, tee (517-2) 
A ll b ills pd. I b d rm house, 51oo. has oppi, fenced yard 
United, 735-9121, fee (527 3) 

 a P T s- a l l 6 v e r To w n -------------- 
TEXAS APT. LOCATORS 
349 3685 « NO FE E 
; I bdrm duplex has a ir. heat only 
! 169, w ater pd 
United, 735 9121, tee (125 3) 
2 Bedroom, I both D uplex, fenced 
! yard, la rg e lot, carpet, re trlg e ra to r a n d H o v e , w a te r p a id . I 
B lo c k s to San P e d ro . 121o. j 341-2222 A n ytim e . C E N T U R Y 21 j Roy Teal, R e a lto rs______________ 
I bedroom . J bath townhouse, all appliances, centro! a ir-h e a l, cor- pct, drongo. 135o mo 484 9o14 
I bedroom cottuge, fenced raTTT 
Ne, near FI Sam and Randolph, j 1195 655-4838 o tte r 4PM. 
7 B E D R O O M , d u p le x 

CHOICE RENTALS 

UNFURNISHED HOMES 

I OS KERWICK— 3 bedroom. 2 twit!, lorge den, 27oo Sq. Pl. of fine home 
CASTIE M ills ESTATES *55o 
14o TWIN LEAF— 4 bedroom. 2 both. J car garage Central beal 6 air carpet, fenced CASTIE MIUS TERRACE 
545o 
SOI SKT fo e EST — 3 bedroom!. 2 battu, 2 car garage, central beal-on In 
Hollywood Park 145o 

•5 1 o SIAR CRCIK— 3 bedroom. 2 both, 2 cor garage, central beal 6 ow, corpet. privacy fence 
Convenient la 
Lackland, Kelly 1275 
ASI SANDALWOOD 
3 bedroom. 2 bolti, I car gar age, ow condition, patio, fenced 1225. 
4843 CASTU ARMS— 3 bedroom. I bod!, fenced yard. two polio! 
Con venienT lo Randolph 8 El. Sam $185 

APARTMENTS 
Several 
I bedroom, 
I bath, ut men) evadable 
In 
Kirby 
Tex at. f omitte d 8 Unfurnished. 
St 7o to S18S. Contra! te a r A 

228 NATAIIN— I bedroom. I both. fumithed I car garage, wafer & town core paid 
Convenient lo El. Sam. 
SI IO No pet! 
2o2 W. MAGNOLIA— I bedroom, I bath, furnished, off-street 
(Kirk mg 
$1 IO Water end lawn core pard No pets 
828-99o1 Anytime 

Tfosour&kSJno 

 t i MUNK - 58 V u e OF TRUST 

Y O U R O P P O R T U N I T Y 
MEXICAN RESTAURANT 
DAIRY QUEEN 

(IU C fa c o lriA T i Co: 

7 3 3 -9 4 5 8 
^StfK)3 N. M AIN 
735 
L e , 

CHOICE RENTALS 

24SS SHIR DRIVE-3 I CP. $16o mo., Stove, fenced yard, comer lot, 6 month leos# 

322 
DARTMOOR-4 I 2. 
$3oo mo 
Central ok heat, stove, dishwasher, garixtge disposal, voter softener 
2-story, fenced yard 

6926 WISTWARO-3 I CP. $16o mo. One ok conditioner, stove, refrigerator, carpet, and fenced 

LIMITED NUMBER of furnished and unfurnished apartments in northeast, 
Northwest, ond 
Southwest Efficiency, I bedroom, 
I both to I bedroom, I bath 
From $145 to $27o per mo un­ furnished Furnished from $25 to 
$43 extra per month. Utilities pd 

2o6 
MEADOW 
GLEN-3 2 2, 
$295 mo. Centro! ok heat, double oven, dishwasher, garbage disposal, corpet. 

673 5o83 
342 4115 
653 o57o 
W O R L D W IOC R E A LT Y 

N'rixto, tao** SO, Mea ftabcra*. 
Oro ss M S ,OOO yr. S6SOO dn. 

FINE MEXICAN RESTAURANT 
Owner 12 yr*., Orosi $12o,ooo. 
Not* $27,ooo yr. Goad parking. 
$35,ooo. Toims. 

POLYGRAPHING A INVESTIGATION 
Top accounts 
W ill tao th now owner. 
Nat* 
$2o,ooo yr. 
$1S.OOO do. 

TAPES, RECORDS, JEWELRY 
Kodak dealer, nice 
Mature*, 
Bro** $15o,ooo, net* $2S,ooo. 
*3o.ooo 
FAST FOOD OPERATION 
Al*e to go. Owner IO yr*. Alway* buty. Nota $14,ooo yr., $12,oo6. 

PLUSH RESTAURANT NORTHEAST with mixed Wink lounge, greet­ ing $4o,ooo me. (hart hr*., geed lea*#, seats 13o, $65,ooo dis. 
C tfJ U rb U n tR n M 
(■callant parking, leads af 
■toymaker. MSO© 

N'Sida, real clean 
Seat* 
SO. lo a d perking. Not* $1 5,OOO yr. 
>75oo do. 

•USY LIQUOR STORE 
N’l, fine fixtures. Oro** $135,ooo 
Net* $35,ooo yr. $8.ooo + stock 

BUSY WORTHS!DE RESTAURANT nixed drink*. Seat* 12o. Oro.* 
118o,ooo. 
N ett 
$4o,ooo yr. 
$3o,6oo dn. 

URGE BUSY WASHATERIA 
Clote to b**e. Growing $33,ooo 
$ net* $1S,ooo yr. $95oo dn. 

N E GROOMING SALON A SUPPLIES 
Top toot Bori clientele. (*t. 13 yrs N et. $1o,ooo yr. $5,ooo dn. 

SEVERAL MIXED DRW * CLMS 

 f e m p l o y m e n t 

8o1 ■ wnKHSimui 
_ 
SOI - PROfESSiaWAt 

NE, real money moker*. fixture*, good parking, tease*. term*. 
EXCLUSIVE BEAUTY SALON 

S U * / R S T • " * ' ” 
— 
$7,3oo dn. 

C H U R C H 'S 
F R IE D 
C H IC K E N 

Has .mm ed.oto opening For System r w ifh U 
2 years experience required. IBM 3 7 o V M / L M V O S - V J I 
Also due to grow th requirem ent* 2 P rogram m e r A n a ly s t* w ith 3 to 5 years required. 
W ith sam e o p e ra tin g en­ vironm ent background Degree p re fe rre d . 
Excellent ben efits 

Please send resume and salary requirem ents to 
MIS Dept. Head, P.O. 
Box BHOOl, 7 8284 
Or Call Mrs. Adler 7 3 5 -9 3 9 2 ext. 234 

E q u a l O p p o r tu n ity E m p lo y e r 

 yr.. goad lea**. 

 w ¥ 
¥ 
¥ 
¥ Y Y Y T ¥ 
¥ 
^ 
M « « » » » » » 
» » » » » < , 

• 8 6 1 1 

 b l? 
I N S T R U C T 

NEW CLASS NOW FORMING 
“ APPROVED FOR VETERANS” 
• C.B. RADIO REPAIR 
• RADIO-T.V. REPAIR t h FVISION te c h. o p e r a t o r 
• RADIO b r o a d c a s t- l ic e n s in g 
• RADIO OPERATOR (F.C.C., I st CLASS) 
For Information 
CALL-WRITE OR VISIT 
ELKINS INSTITUTE 

San Antonio, Tx. 
2 2 3 - 1 8 4 8 

PRODUCTION CLERK 
1 • 

 j • 
J Immediate opening in Pleasanton office o f D e n -* ver-based oil and gas company for exp erien ced ). 
^Production Clerk. Must have worked with pro-1- 
Eduction severance taxes and be well versed in ^ 
J [field operations and inventory. 
E xcellent,, 
^benefits and opportunity for advancem ent. I > 
^ Salary commensurate with experience. In- ^ 

, .terested parties please 
) • 
5 
Call Collect 

1 - 5 6 9 - 2 6 7 6 i 

■ M M M I H F ¥ ¥ ¥ 
¥ ¥ V 

512 INSTRUCTIONS 

4o8 HOMES, DUPLEXES. 
UNFURNISHED 

5o1 
BUSINESS OPPORTUNITIES 

 lf * feosy fo B uy—W hy rent ond 
I waste money I and 4 bedrooms. com e w ith a p p lia n c e s and a ir. 
Nothing down Only 12oo move-m 
: F irs t p a y m e n t M a y. P a ym e n ts 
I less than rent. 
Habtam os 
Espanol 
RAE R E A L ESTATE 674-6126 
Just ro d e c o ra fp d la rg e ro o m *, carpeted, heat- a ir, 
N orthside. 
822-9771 
I AF ll, e x tra clean 
J IC P car 
Deled, a ir. stove, lo rg e fenced y a rd , c lo th e s lin e . 1175 m o 
673-5991 ofter 6pm i l l, la rge fenced yard. flE area. 
116o mo 337-7291 a fte r 4pm. 
LARG E U P PE R ISO 
2-BEDROOM HOUSE. 1115. 
JE R R Y SM ITH, 494-3855 
L§A SE Condo, northw est 2-1' j-2. 
No pets 349-9273 after 

 bo Clean, move in roaay ana party tonight. 3 Bedrooms, fu lly ca rp e t­ ed, fenced back y a rd , co ve re d patio, fireplace. 
125o per mo. 
655-1946 

A ll ap pliances. 52oo mo tease 
Edythe B Cab per, 341 1867 
\ i >-iii ooin house! no ctuidroa. no oets. SUO m o plus u tilitie s and 
15o Dep Call a tte r SPM. 723-2545, or 922 7133 

I minute to IH-1o. 
Private adult and fam ily stilton. 
6 9 o - 1 7 o o 
49o9 WoodstonB Oriv« 

$135 SIN ). 
BLANCO RD and BASSE RO 
1-2 Bedroom s Gas W ater Pd 
6831 B A S S W OOD 342 37o2 
B rin g the kids. 3 b d rm . t P . fenced yard to r pets, 115o 
United. 735-9121, tee (525-11 c oineiot i bdrm h a t appl and air, kids. pets OK 116o 
United, 735-9121. toe (53o-1) 
3 11, C am elot I. a ll k itc h e n ap p lto n c e i, c a rp e t, c o v e re d and screened patio, storage building, fenced 1275 mo 654-6762. d A M E L M ll 
L o ve ly i i U h 
Month 822 3o41. 
<715 Cheddar 3 2 den nice .. »J*o 
Babcock 
Rd 
I bedroom duplex ........................................... ( i n 
B A R N E B E Y AG EN C Y 
J4I-4455 

135o mo 
6PM ___________________________ 
L iv e O a k , 3 -2 -i, a p p lia n c e , p riv a c y fence, c e n tra l a ir-h e a t 
*285, a va ila b le M ar Isl. C oll col lect 
1-557-5397, 
557-5oo4 
McQueeney. 
Live O ak, new 3 -i-i, a p p lia n c e , p riv a c y fence, c e n tra l a ir hea t 
5285, a va ila b le M a r u t Call col lect 
1-557 5397; 
557 5oo4 
McQueeney 
3 2. lo c a te d n e a r u t S A A N D 
M e d ic a l C e n te r. Im m e d ia te o c ­ cupancy. $265 
684-433o, 344-42o7 
D E A N tE OWENS R E A L TORS 
L U k u b Y J Bedroom 
J' , bath. fully capeted. a ll ele ctric kitchen 
R ents a t 135o G E N E W ILS O N 
R E A LT Y INC 655 4o16 
M a cA rth u r 28o7 K n ight Robin 
3-2-2, carpet, no pets, 1195 
344 734o Wotson A bon 
878 o665 
M od c e n te r 3 -i-d e n , c e n tr a l w eather, appl, fenced, 126o 
United, 735-9121, tee (526 2) 
M E DICAL tE N ffe R ----------- 
Lorge d istinctive custom French 
C o n te m p o ra ry hom e d e s ig n e d lik e Tow nhouse- id e a l p la n to r e nte rta in in g , te rra ce d rock ya rd 
(no g ra s s ), 4-3-2, m a n y lu x u ry features including ele ctric garage opener, w ater sottner panoram ic 
City view OWNER W IL L LEASE 
FOR 16oo mo 494 2237 
19o Mo , 145 Dep 431 Eleanor 
341-8134 
M ode 

SPECIAL THIS MONTH 
I Bedroom , 512o New 4-Plexes. 
1121o B E L A IR , AOI 3. 349-7186. 
733-7194, 432-7741 

 t w 
I b b k T f it T T a ll now to r a lo rge selection of 3 and 4 bedroom homes to rent, lease w ith option to buy or own P riced fro m 122o-165o mo Call til S P M . 
E xecutive Real Estate 824-5345 
T E R R E L L H ILLS 
3 bedroom, 7 bath, cent heat-air. 
5275 mo Also, 3 bedroom , 2 bath, 
N.E , 524o mo 4 bedroom , 2 bath, cent heat-air. 12o5 mo. 656-1234 
RED CARPET 
T h u n d e rb ird H ill E s ta te s , 3-2 j house, re frig e ra to r, stove, fo r in­ form ation, 684-4895, 735-5649. 
TOWNHOUSE 
B e a u tifu l liv in g , c a re fre e , co n ­ v e n ie n tly located. 3-2-2 G arden patio to garage. F irep lace. 
THE G O LDEN K E Y 
A p artm ent Locators 828 5739 
3 2 tb w N H d U S E 
■ Near M edical Center 1325 
45o H A T F IE L D 
3-2-1, 171o 
W H IT E H E A D -H O LLID A Y 
C E N T U R Y 21 
341-7115, 684-3711, 681-o3oo 
---------------- w m y "r e n t ?----------------- 
Own your own home -1oo.oo down, paym ents 116o m onth 
671-1691, 
673-11oo 
PO IN TER R E A L ESTATE 
W ljY R E hlV W H E N YO U CAN 
BU Y? City conveniences, no city ta xe s. N ew 3-2-2 ond 4-2-2 Ap pliances. quick possession F irs t paym ent M ay 
RAE R E A L ESTATE 674-6126 
W iltsh ire T e rra ce , 2 11, c e n tra l a ir, w ash-dry hook ups. *255 m o I w ith deposit. 826-2424 a fte r kpr.i | ask tor B ill 
W indsor M all area. 2 bedroom s. a ir heat. carpeted, p riv a c y fence. 
1185 A tter 6 weekdoys 653-2154. 

Windsor Park Area 
I 3-1. olr, stove, re frig , dishw asher, disposal, fenced 521o. 655-64o9 w in d to i I'k . A ted. new Cam elot 3 bedroom . 2 bath, 2 co r g a ra g e , carpeted, fenced ya rd . 127o mo. 
! 655-o212, 653-3168. 
YOUR 6W N SH ANG RI LA , I be d ro o m , I b a th , p r iv a te p a tio , 
821 89o3 nttes 

FOR SAU, 
RENT OR LEASE 

M OORE'S CHEVY ft DODGE GARAGE 

 in Hebbronville, Texas 

Building it ald. tn- 
4 atm * of kind 
••ra tte d p a rti*! contact: 

J. Harvey Moore 

111 N. Molm cht SI. 

 ar calli 

1-723-4279 or 

Tom Strange 1 723-3941 

PROFIT OPPORTUNITY rn 8 Sr ■ann* 1 *1 Calx Oy iriW 

 iv * i*a»»im i with da IMM Whir* 8f*m tw a t WUU tem g m M tawdry a d try 

WI HS VI dn in tawdry ta a tm ta *r*ry 

BANR RAU FINANCING 
. tar taiwwtta* call M ftayk 112-484 
1771 v m il mr xvtkxxn dn xrtxxi ta 
S493 taritwm4. ta* Aniwa*. Ti 78218 
Feed Commercial Sales, ^c. 
The World's Largest 
Speed Queen Distributer 

K E Y 

P U N C H 

4 Short W e e k s 

O th e r T r a in in g in : 
Computer Operations 
Computer Programming 
Medical Assistant 
Medical Secretory 
Nurse s Aide/Orderly 

Call 224-9286 
CBM 
Education Center 
1121 Navarro 

WANTED HAIR 
STYLIST 

M ale or Female licensed 
Barber, 
M ust be g oo d w ith both men or wom en. 
Excellent o p p o rtu n ity 
For rig h t person. For m ore de 

♦ails contact: 

SOUS NAIR 
STYLIST 
582o SAN BERNARDO 
LAREDO, TX. 78o41 

ORGANIST. Q ualified m usician to p lo y C onn o rg a n S u n d a y s fa r 
U nity Church. 874-73S1, evenings 
681 1423 Rev. Olsson.____________ 

MOTEL Bonier Town sr 4o units, doing good , ei 
O ver lent condition. Easy to buy. 
494-3419 A N 
M a rro u 342-718o 
HBG Real Estate 

 good, excel to buy. Call 

41? BOOMS. RjjjjjjSjjB 

Cl van or <y a l ft bed - rr. 
Doth no looking, smoke d rin k 732 5)56 

4)6 ROOMS WITH BOARD 

T T u T o T n o ro o m to r' re n t. no heavy drinke r!, dirvnq p rivilege s 
•ood extra SI 
33/ 6o*4 Coll ofter lp m _____________________________ 

H 
U 
H 
S 
S n S i i i wow to nun ob ear i +*o O c l t o r ^ go(n^ o r vin7 ! o n T T ^ T > y J he 

 rn 

CHOICE AREA 

^ WAKEFIEID-STARBUST ^ 
APARTMENTS 

NW 

 w a y. re d e c o ra te d I b e d ro o m s , 
8168 pius $25 utilitie s 828 1122 
" M f f A 6 h A u 4(: b<!)WNTOWN ' 
M O D ER N E F F IC IE N C Y KU R N 
812# f o i m 213 ATM ST 226 7331 
M d Y fe l E ffic ie n c y A p a rtm e n ts a n d R oom s 
B v D ay 
W eek o r 
M o n th 
o 1 2 -9 1 1 ), 
PFC i / i 7 , 
L E 7-8152. C A / 4787 
N e a r F t 
Sam TAJ 1377 i l l N oialen 
S room s bath, g ar water ga No gets HJO 

 m o r n 
I bedroom nice. d e a n carpet a ir, HOO w aler gd 
Stan Poole 495 1721, *94 5271 
IT 

<>g*. air 
33) 1548 blea 

A B E A U T IF U L W AV TO LIV E 
L a rg e trees, cowered te rra c e . 2 bedrooms. I or 2 baths, la rge clo sets. available 
THE H E R ITA G E 
1543 Babcock a l N W Loop 418 h i i m 
Adatis 6 n ly 
1717 N O live, I be dr oon i apl U tilitie s pd U IS Near bus and la undry 349 1o94 a tte r I 
AE IWB 
HTH T "T I 'ITfetU 
H IL L ) G arden apl I bedroom. I b a th , in d iv id u a l h e a t a n d a ir 
O w ner pays gas and w a te r 211 
ROUN 
1148 
LA R G E 2 B E D R O O M 1>> bath tower apt O wner pays firs ! 131 et aas and e le ctricity W alk lo shop ping areas 
112 
T e rre ll 
R d t i f f 
B U S S U 
R E A L T O R S 

 t i 
Sam . H ) E le a n o r, 
B drm gas water od 
SHB 
344 44o8 
-----------si Aft r r u m ----------- 
Siree efficie n cy aal ca rp e l, tm , w a ter -pus tx) i n 824-8349 

NEAR SAC 
E ft** and t B d rm *, tu rn > 1 o 8 ■ s u e Fop lur SI Apts 223-6495 
B3TTXT1HST5TJTRT5------ 
W ear F I Sam cmd downtown E t 
Be 
Apts DIMS Fold. 189 per mo 
227 4/82 1914 E Heuston 

NORTHEAST NO HAS! 
.. 
A t tr a c t iv e f - b r d r o o m , d is h t bed 
•posher, shag, pool B ills pd $16* le d c o n d . f i t and up *2$ Opp i f Mm Ft Sam 
Available 
2 15th 
1718 E ISE NH AU E E a tt M a rry 824-7117 
W u rrb a ch 827 9195 
‘ W n r W T A ftA lT M B M T t 

H A C IEN D A D E L SOL 
1o8o4 B A LTIC 
M ete red I-}-) B E D R O O M A p ts 
Lease Fireplace Some poolside jC a ll C ris B o w e n 342-1124 o r 
494-7331 ofter I 

IF YOU Q U ALIFY 

I Bedroom -I Both 1142-1199 
7 Bedroom ! Bath *159-1221 
3 Bedroom 2 Bath $179 1244 
A ll U tilities. C entral A ir and Heat, 
R e frig e ra to r. Range. D isp o sa l, 
D rape ries TV Antenna. Storage 
U nits cmd M ore 
A p p ro x im a te ly l l M inutes fro m M ilita ry Boses 
924 841o 
2914 Roosevelt Ave 
Just off Babcock at 4io 
I Bedroom 2 Path 
J bedroom w ith firepla ce 
I bedroom 
AH e le c tric k itc h e n , c a rp e te d , u tilities furnished 
OAK 
M ILLS ARM S , 342-331o,' 
349-o219 
LA I A M P H I A A ftT V 

• 

 r n 

 r n 

 r n 

 r n 

• 

Guy Chipman Co r 

A l 2IO Funston 7 bedroom aKRT tco 
U M , 822 o4oo or 7)1445o l f A U T lf UL T ree House Apis lh garden C om plex, near B racken rid g e Fk 
T rin ity U and Down town View of C ity Feel Laundry 
M odern and c o m fo rta b le Man a g e r, M U L B E R R Y T E R R A C E 
ARTS 1)15 E 
M u lb e rry, 822-5434 efficiency, clean, per 
M a tto c k * . 
/35-o434; 

$4o7 B IE N V IL L E DR a tt W eaner rd M odern I Bedroom . 453 3443 
PECAN VALLEY 
Golf Club Apis. 
SASO E. SOUTHCROSS 
333 9o2o 
P riv a te c o la g e o«^ storage? sin pie. near Loop 41o and M I 
Bdls 
S 
M 
5125 a vailab le Isl 342 o22o 
■ t S g m h A nn Court," l l JC b ill: p a id 1o89 W S um m it t i l l , w ale, p a id . liv in g , bed ro o m , ba th , k it 
Chon t ut 
>'lin e n ! 826-o314 
Runt Fmiture 
3 .trams S2S nonlti 
FURNITURE LEASING 
OF AMERICA 

> t,■ d room 
$oo K a n d g ll, g g t^ T w a le r p a id . H IO m o, d e p o s it. 
7)5 1449. IM l i l t . 
— f a r us oBout our close in ru ra l prepertios 2 88o Acres 
Seitt I Assoc. R ealtors SJI 7385 
Cleon I room apt, » f l i Kills pd 
I DepbSlf 927 4878 _______________ 

ClOUOHAVEN APTS 

1 3 ! C L O U O H A V E N 
Vary nice 4 bedroom apts tocoted 
I lust behind Shaker's F m a et the 
Austin Hwy 878 1885 Or 826 5o81 

CONVENIENCE 
Loop A ll Vance Jackson Rd. 
F O R K LIK E GROUNDS 
1-BEDROOM 12)5 D ILLS FO 
P A R K D A LE A F fS 342-o191 
Duplex apl in In sp iralien H IH ! I 

!» room a p t I PO p a id 714o258, 213-9914. 

Pkf have se ve ra l p«mpte took m g 
Oar o c o m p a tib le p e rs o n (#11 
M a lin m ake r Rte MO IIM . 

•room . I bath, *718 mo 69* 9113 o r <32 5398 

38) Ef Uulsoche, I Room bachelor opt M are, re frig , carpel a ir SBO 
I 73) 1771 
_____________ 

FINI AINHUM APIS 

1 2 3 ) E . M U L B E R R Y 
L u x u ry k r ill* of reu-.unuoie price 
L arge Peaulrlui I ond 2 bedroom apis L a rg e pool next door ie Ft 
Sam o n d 2 b ib s tra m B ra c k e n ridge G olf Course Seconds fro m dow ntow n, m in fro m N e rth Star and W indsor B a rk M olls 82* SO*) 

 et ACI roue w a n c ap in ten I * eel ss h i w s 
C M I 2 3 8 -1 *** 

LU X U R Y I and 2 bedroom opts 
1171 B A N D E R A RD 41) 3214 
----------------- n n r e 1 l--------------------- 

 bedroom. 2 both, covgred polio balconies lots of closet space, cered p arkin g 
TNB H E R ITA G E 
IM I Babcock at MW Lead 418 
Ml-2228 
TW I l f T T t f t ' f ' f l l L f SA!' 
GROUND L E V E L D U P LE X E S 
FU R N OR U N FU R N 
E X C E L L E N T M A IN T E N A N C E 
H IG H LA N D H ILLS APTS 
2931 E 
SOUTHCROSS 
IM 8*o4 

LIVING SPACES 
NOVI AVAILABLE 
OLMOS TOWER 824 6661 
THE CHELSEA 824 8226 

LAR TOWNHOUSE 
2 Bedroom s air. R roi 1148 W at*r ad F o lio l l * E l Mia-481 ira No pets M I 8444. 4*4-1478. 134 4237 
Arf t m r n - A i w . w i .iu pd I Bedroom apl C a rpo rt B ort 
Bar fa ro . 222 M il, ofter I 732 8898 
N C e n tra l Apt'. I b d rm , s ir, car pol. 1)48 M I 4323, 497 2728 
N o rth C tn tro i L a c d lU n , E lm ira and M cCollooph and IH M Newly decor alod Near bus. adults only 
No pets U nfurnished I bedroom 
W afer pd t i l l . with dep 4 Mo 
L * a s * 
724 1181 o fte r 4 a n d weekends, 696 o/18 
Aic'r lh v .d f tm a H ' q p l sFov, re trig a ir conditioner, 7)1 1644 g-AlTH U n VICUACT------- 
A p artm enS ond Tewnhowses 
*1/5 U t 184/ babcock 344 9/7* gm rm i [ ■ a v n \xmnuc a it 
A n t o n io LARGE I bedroom } 
' bath craver covered alani terrace 
THE H E R IT A G E 
IM I babcock a l HW Lapp 418 
M I K W 

PLANTATION HOUSE APTS bdrm IIM . townhouse 1325. off 

Mtoffy located en bu,im* I. J, 
W md 3 Mdreonn SIM to 
• k USO On lector t.ie u hem 
3 barth Slot Moll 

 a 
85o6 WAKEflilD 
^ 
344-4558 

# 
# 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
# 

P L A N T LOVERS 
AH our apts have large patios or b a lc o n ie s , s to ra g e ro o m w ith every apt and lots of close! space 
3 bedroom , I bath or 2 bedroom. bath Call lodov 
TH E H E R ITA G E 
IM I Babcock at HW Loop 418 
MI-2228 
IYK ELIAiAHTDH 16----- 
Southside I be d ro o m apts, ca r poled, ppgi, close Ie sh o p p in g , schools 
A ll b ills ad USS m o. 
9)/-4881 i 822 IM I 

 p w t iin i m r c fttF u trih i r tiftn r i 
H uge jTYTodroom, 3 b o th * w ith 
I F re n ch dears, la rg o basad w in dow s, b e a u tifu lly la n d s c a p e d . 
I very priva te 
S A A P A R T M E N T LOCATORS 
I 
........ 
8)$-))Et 

REGENCY HOUSE” 
I AN O 3 B e d ro o m o p ts , p r e s ­ tigiously located en H a rry W o rt bach across fro m FT SAM G olf 
:C o u rs t 
F ro m 1221., b ills ad 
834 2851. 834 2381, 828 31)1 
SAC a re a , lo i pliances, 1145 

FT SAM, C harm ing I bedroom . 2 ba th , do u b le fire p la c e , sunke n livin g room. central heal and air 
5o42 M e rlin t i l * 

R A N D O LP H FT SAM, like new 4 bedroom. 7 bath, big livin g area w ith fire p la ce , c e n tra l heal and olr. 84o/ Glen Echo 
D M 

N E A R BUS and S H O P P IN G . 3 
1 bed roo m . I both, w indow units. 
SM B lare 
$141 

C H U R C H IL L H I, lo v e ly J b e ­ droom , 2 bolti, oak trees, central heal ond a ir. E xe cu tive 's home 
/22 Serenade -MOO 

M E D IC A L C E N T E R . 
N e v e r before rented J bedroom , 7 both, carpeting, drapes, fireplace, cen tro t heal ond oir. Choice Colonies 
N orth 3718 W illiam Penn 
1375 

MONTE VISTA 
) bedroom. I*» b olti J story. Ap olia n cp s and w indow u n its G a ­ rage w ith a u a rie rs 828 1471. 
S tr a u d e r N e ls o n R e a lty m !TT T - Y '6 U f t f H f r 6 w n th ,* b e a u tifu l 3 -t-t, in S ie rra N o rth . 
Only 17oo down. *2o8 mo 
J A J R E A LT Y 674-8883 A n ytim e 
Near ft rook* APB VT, i i iii mo 
ISO dep 
1 v e a l le a se , fe n ce d 
474-25o8 Otter 6 pm 
N ear E m pire P la ta at 135 B SI 
O ft S. lo t Comoro tow er 2 b d rm dup. t»o no te r pd 735-2363 
Near FE. * o n , J bedroom - \ bo AT, fenced. IM 828-2722 
H f AT 
W IL L V I bedroom , clean private, bus 
149. 
415-9144 
4om 7pm ____________ 
N e a r L a c k la n d , K e lly . $ be d re a m s , c a rp e te d , I 1.b a th * . 
674-7)97, 8M-M47________________ k e a r Lockland. K e lly. I b d rm 7 ba th , f a r o u t , c e n tra l h e a t-a ir. carpet, range, patio, fence. *195 
Owner B roker. 473 o149 

• K l SS33 
R EALTO R S 

7 b d rm . ap 
• r pd. 735-4872 

SECURITY 
FLUS 
Apts. of Distinction 
Efficiencies f BMI I b **rp p m s 
Furnished and U nfurnished 

T H E V IL L A FONTANA 
173 B R A C K E N R ID G E AVE 
(O FF 2788 BR O A D W A Y ) 
828-1191 

I b«Ms Bd 344 /991 

SUNSET RIDGE APTS 
C o rf# I and ) Bedroom s 
From 1)73 M ( F u rn I H I ) 
IM VAND E RH EC K 824 2 le t 
OFF *48o N NEW B R A U N F E LS 

" KNOER IOVINE CARI 
C overed w a lk w a y fro m c a r to opt la undry and m ailbox area se you wen t dei dre n ch e d , la rd e i room s se you won t b a rk y o u r shins 342-411) 824-1594 and see 
TN E KING STO N APTS 
7792 Vance Jackson For TLC 
- Tf f vCS H flU S E f u r i t k i t ' 
Beautiful NE I bedroom 3 bath 
E X T R A la rg e 1758 sa ft big pa fie- OU electric kuchen D l l bdls sd a p a r t m e n t s u n l i m i t e d 
828 o681_________ 
T ow Bb OU se* ,I.~ Oak H ill* Lovely 
I and 3 barm s, 3 balconies Sm all lu xu ry com plex, M f 1247 
"■ V ILL A f t ! S A U ! A P T !--------- l l bedroom s ond Etftciances 
UTH H IE S PA ID 
M I I N New B rddotals 838 4247 

 j Guy Chipman Co 
* 
CH6ldr pi ntaT -------- 
J Bedrooms. 2 baths, ranee. 12oo 
I 3 bedroom s. 2 baths, im m edia te occupancy. *29o 
I 3 B edroom s. 2 baths, 3-car g a r­ age. I M I 

o o V 6 o W/ANT T i 777.7“ oi I*a *i 
; w ith optio n to buy or own yo u r own home? 12oo *459 mo Coil 
IN TE R S TA TE 839-o71* hi I pm 
J-J duplex m Heritape F o rm Im m ediate occupancy DSC A ll bills paid 
484-433o, 344 42o7 
D E A N IE OWENS REALTOR S 
2 r t n j PT g w la rg e liv in g , flu te kitchen w ith eating areg carpet- I cd central heal and a ir H O I in i eludes w aler 34 IO IM 
H O W A R D T A T E 
R E A L T O R , 
_________ C E N T UR Y JI 
! fiu d w i o w ii T e e * t>7 droom , appliances, *95 mo * 125 
I deposit, yard kept, water pd 
732 95o2 

F a m ily s u e d ' l- 1 1 i t c a rp e t, draped, a ir heal. fenced, kids OK, 
; HIO united, 735 4121 lee (533 7) f am ily sly led I b d rm has la u n d r y connection*, fenced. USO 
United 735-91 it , tee (114-31 f i r s TTI m e on Hie m a rk e f a* e r e n ta l, v e r y c le a n , c a rp e te d th ro u g h o u t, I I I, c e n tra ! o ir. heal, w ater tu ft nor. near Windsor 
Park M o ll CaH 6*5-449/ a lle r I. 
5258 mo plus Pep 
Forest Oaks. 1365 me, I-7-1, e n '" den ready lo a la n i walk lo school, avail m id M arch M I o994 att * 
FGB ftlM T'M H A U ------ li / 2 i SMOKING OAKS 
4 3-2, super clean, pretor I year tea i t 
D AY OR N IT E 411*84o 
M orton southwest Realty 
U t l"6 T F s ft-A ftk ' f i r k i n 
" I X 
K C U U V E HOME 2,421 SD FT en 
1 5 acre* 3 1 ), w ith N r m al ii vino and dm n*a 7 IX M O wl w ith dual fireplace I wet bar, etactnc k it­ chen u tility room . IIM of Saltillo hie carpet* drapes, J courtyard s, fantastic view la rge sundeck w ith b g rb e c u e , A v a ila b le M a y Is l 
SBM per mo g r l o l l per me p a rtia lly ta rn w ith w a sher and d r y e r 
D e p o s it a n d te a se required Cell SIS M /4 
T T g d l e f t f , P o rk , I I F F . n e a r 
! bas, Northside school*. 15o dope 
Sit. HOS me 4)2 3 3 /4 
In d ia n i're e fc , o p tio n lo b u y 
I I I CP, a rr, ra n g * , r e tn g DOS 
PIUS bop 7)2 3o17 a tte r SPM 

Near l a s b k a f b 3 K P , carpet 
In liv tn a m a s te r b e d ro o m , aa pliances, fenced 673-145o 
U.K. clean 3 bedroom~7omo. car- pefing, fenced ya rd 12oo mo 
ROSSI R E A L TY 
444 77o1 
Need o 4 b d rm ’ 7 bath, all appl fenced 133o call 
United, 735-41)1, toe (SM 3) 
NE 3 2 tow nhouse in The Glen 
! carp e te d a ir, c o rn e r lot, patio , near R A F B and Ft 
Sam 174o 
16M-42M 
: 
WfW 4 PliXES 
I l i n o B E L A IR . Oft lo c k n u t Set- I i m a. I and I b ed roo m s. 113o lo 
I I H 34o-7184, 73) 7144. 432 7741 
. MiWy central I b d rm . I'u ve . trig , 
I air fenced. 114o 
United. 7354121, tee (5)2 I) 
Ng -g fc E D lT N fe F D tO '-------- 
; W hy n ot aw n y o u r aw n hom e? 
Just DOO dow n! F ro m 1159 per i month 933-17o4, 473-4714, 474-75o9 

N Z i 'iitra vT off W alrem roc id" I l f , 
> a ll appliances. 135o mo 65) ISO* after 4 Owner IR L A 

NORTHSTAR MALL 
L u x u ry 3 b e d ro o m taw nh ause, c a rp e t, d ra p e d , p riv a c y p atio , covered p arkin g, a ll b ill* ad. 174o 
I M8-MU 
N orthw ood E state* J b d rm . d o * on ' i acres, appl, air, fenced 
Untied. 731-4121, lee ( D U ) 
MAI i b d rm has s la v *, o a ra g e , sepal oh iii11my pets OK 
United. /I1-9I21, lee (5211) 
— g i g m i t g ft ft A g e — 
Avail tar 4 m o* only 3 bedroom 
2 bath, den w ith firepla ce 
125o mo 
349 1479 
Hector J. Harbeck inc . R ealtor* 
1 iT T T l' M 
OOT’ 
D u p le x "") bedroom , age school*, snooping waler 
PO HOO 713 742o 
P o r i V illa g e " M U Castle Fuse 
1-2 1, liv in g roam , den k itc h e n 
"e tn a , dishw asher ce n tra l heat oir. carpet, fenced, covered polio. ] new point >23o mo m m s*. 
Plush H i, ca rp e te d central a W, 1 heal. lanced, 1175 
United. 721-4121, tee (>IO -t) 
F r i v o l * bdrm house h a t garage lanced tor pets. only 114o 
Untied, 7334121, toe (13* l) 
R e m o d e le d I b d rm a ir iie a i. fenced tor kids pet* only HIO, 
H u rry ! 
United, 711-9121, tee (MO I) 
M i w F H A H B l i 
Choice HE Rentals 
BUDDY UECKER 
124 7341. 1334 Austin Hw y 
I iacfUd 1 os1 LTY dr *, abbTcST pet air heat. fenced, t u t 
United, 731 OIH , toe ( IM I) 
I T T T T , la s stove, ce n t heal', parage, fenced, kid * pet* OK I IM 
United, in - y i n , tee iU giv* I bdl rn, a ll b ills bd in lilts duplex, HIO 
Um tod / J H I 21 tee ( I I M ) 

 droom house, d o s e in to tow n, well est fa m ily, reasonable cost 
228-343o ar 423-o494 

5o1 
8USIHESS OPPORTUNITIES 

B A r lit 6 and C A F I* “ T a b Ie'" 
N o rth s id e 
494-8931 w e e k d a y s , weekends 1-438 7394 ftL i^iK ife fti g r v o u t / OWM 
Owner re tirin g , wants lo sell you 
' i acre p rim e Southside location with garage and auto p a rts Call now 
349-1479 
Hector J H erbeck Inc., R ealtors c aXTMFY $h67 "AM b t U L r f t if t 
M ILL - Located in sm all tow n near 
: S A. O w ner sellin g due to other 
, in te r e s ts R O H D E B U S IN E S S 
BROKERS 494 5311 r X T T f l T IA T I6 fttM $ lb l j S p tc ia liiln g in p ll-c o e k e d b a r ­ b e a u * 
H a s b t c r lic e n s e 
L o w price include choice re a l estate. 
ROHDE 
BUSINESS 
BR OKER S 
494 5311 iTAI-A'Mft T ftU C k wA<,h M obile unit d tsip n e d to wash fteoi vehi 
1 c lo s on c u s to m e r's p re m is e s 
ROHDE 
BUSINESS 
BR OKER S 
684-1311 t Choir B a rbe l Shop, gam * b u d ness, re tirin g 
Call a tte r SPM I 
732-4117 f 6 M M t ft d lA L B A kE fe V Loco! ed in A u s tin . In s titu t io n a l a c -; c o u n ts p lu s r e ta il c o m p a n y I s to re s 
R O H D E 
B U S IN E S S : 
BROKERS 494 S ill r g W i M i t M f E 
U 
6 r t on busy. N ear m a n y a p a rtm e n ts 
114 OOO down ROHDE BUSINESS 
BROKERS 494- t i l l g N T B T F ftE N fe u R ------------ 
New San Anlpm e resident is m ar henna e n tre p re n e u r tor help in solvency pro b le m s o r in v e n to ry m ovem ent 614-7841. j 
F ic e fitn t second incom e w ithout le a v in g y o u r a r m c h a ir . Send self addressed stam ped envelope lo Sara R ooney. No IO A lle g ro 
C r, Lpr adg, Tx ;>o4i 
Fine Jew elry and G ift 
ToiT..... 
P rim e N arlhcost 1o1 altun 
3,ooo Sa ti IM .OM Call o22 f i l l 
Trow li'.H O f----------- 
F o r sale by o w n e r N a rth e a s ti area 453 593* bel 12 earn y g ' w r t a & 6 l u s i M t i i fte o i 
Good 
O pportunity m ust sell 
923 8318 r a f t f l f t M tA i-B IA te ftS M IF 
M o to r a u to m o b ile f r a n c h is e 1 located in large Texas city Real 
• s la te in c lu d e d in o ffe r in g 
ROHDE 
BUSINESS 
BROKERS 
494 5)11 rflft iA L f 
Town Point t a r S IH 
Seguin Rd m K ir o y. 441 9o43 

GROWING B E A U T Y SHOP 
Good a re a on W est A ve tttO O buys all supplies and fixtu re s 
San Antonio Real Estate 
3231 Wast Rye 
349SS3I 
LAUHBBBTUAT------------ 
14 Washers, I ) D ry e rs,2BBs 
E xcellent Location 
CPW 4)7 4455;484 o317 
I d U M ^E en R lta sa n iu n b d F ul 
Iv equipped P riced to sell 
134 4525 
H ASKIN S R E A LT Y 
M a lu re F lo rid a M as! or fo s m e to lo o is i m a k in g San A n to n io home, would like to m ake sm all in v e s tm e n t in b e a u ty S olon in 
N orthwest or N ortheast location 
Active w ith w o rking pg rtn e i 
492-49S8 

MOTEL LISTINGS 
We need M otet listings, we have ready buyers w ith in 175 rn! of Son 
Anonto HBG INC. Call A N M ar rou 494-3419. 342-218o or w rite 
16oo1 San P edro, S A Tx 71214. I 
HBG Real Estate 
N o rthsid e Bel d e te c tiv e Agency tor tost pets. W orthw hile, pronto h ie b u s in e s s 
H a s re c e iv e d statew ide mass m edia p u b licity 
SIS adve rtising weekly only over- heoo P a rt tim e p ro fits la 175 dai- ly Asking 117oo 734-8511 Eves i'e n d u lu m L e o n q e , Id e a l n ig lt spot n e a r L a c k la n d A ir F o rc e , 
Base, call a fte r 4 OO pm, 673-81M. 
F' R 6 F ir 
~ F 6 f f N f i r C " 'go7n 
Laundry equipm ent, paid 146,ooo w ill sell tor 115,ooo C ash! John 
Pfntpott 343 48o8 
I 

PROFIT 
Gone Business 
B illia rd ond B a r 4 Pool Tables, bar and all re frig e ra tio n 
19ooo 
532 7413 

RE AL estate braker needs w ork m g p o i m e r w ith s a le s m a n s lice n se and kn o w le d g e of com m ercioi real estate in San Anton 
1o. 141-7133 
R E D W O R M S B u y -b a c k c o n ­ tracts. tim e paym ent elan. H a r­ vest m achines and books a v a ila ­ b le 
A r n o ld 's 
W o rm 
F a rm 
Inc .44o7 O riskany, San Antonio. 
T X 78247 654 OOM. A n s w e rin g service 494-7)31 
_______________ 
REPO 1ox16 P ortable Soles Office 
Complete Term s 732-5171______ 
Roll Old Newspaper into fireplace logs lo r cosh, 341-4521 4 5 5-4, 
694 1788 Ask lur Jock 
SELF SERVICE CAR WASHES tor sale Two 4 bay sell se rvice c a r w a sh e s 
C ash o n ly ! 
Bv ow n e r—P rin cipals only! 653-3874, 
3)7-o1o 
_______________ 
SPOR TINO GOODS High volume store Best known name in city A business you would be p ro u d to o w n 
R O H D E 
B U S IN E S S 
BROKERS 696 5311 

A H 
O 
- T E C H _ 

BECOME A LICENSED 
A V IA T IO N TE C H N IC IA N 

Approve!) 'Of te’fo r" 
Accredited MATTS Imtityhoi 
(AA Approved 
(corses in Airborne and foxier plant 
Quality lor AAA AAP Itreme 
Course Durohon I? Months lob Placement Assurant e 

 v tjrr o t CAU 
HALLMARK AERO TECH 
113o 99th St , Stinson field 
San Antonio, Texas 7*214 
924-SSS1 
1— 
■ 1 tm 
A 

Professional E xecutive 
Consultants In t l 
Personnel C onsultants 
6243 IH IO, Suite 44o 
512-736-2263 

TEACHERS! 
Specializing Teacher placem ent 
SPEARS P E R S O N N E L SRV 
2o7 Jockson-K eller______ 828-124? 

6o2 - SALES 

Finish Hiph School al Home 
Diplom a aw arded F or tree b ro ­ chure. call Am erican School, tool tree: 1 8oo-421 8318. 
_ 
H A LLM AR K AERO TECH 
HJO 99th ST, Stinson Field 
924-o551 
L e a rn P ro fe ssio n a l B A R T E N D ­ 
ING And bar M A N A G E M E N T, a w o rld w ide p ro fe ssio n . Jobs in demand rn clubs and restaurants 
♦or men and women 
BROTHERHOOD SCHOOL OF 
BARTENDING 
A Texos C ertified Trode School ottering tree on 1ob assistance and discount to Vets. Coil now 
349-26o1 
1o15 
JACKSON K E L L E R 
Suite 
2o? 
New Classes begin M arch 7 
SOUTHW EST School of M edical 
Assistance. 
724-2796 
115 
Broadway 
Veteran Inquiries Welcome 
Tens Vocational School 

6o1 
PROFESSIONAL 

J.C. Penney 

South P a rk M a ll 

Needs 

 ic Furniture sales personnel 

 ic Drapery sales specialist 

Must Im experienced, 

 good income, 

 paid vocation, outstanding benefits. 

Apply In Person 

Tues.-W ed.-Thurs. 
IO a.m .-3 p.m . 

J C P e n n e . y 

South Fork Mall 
2418 S.W . M ilitary D r. 

 equal opportunity employer m 'f 

STAY HOME ANO 
M A K E A L IV IN G TOO! 
5-STALL GARAGE and hom e si- 1 tooted on approx 3 acres South 
•ast. 179,5o8 

F E E D AN D S E E D STORE w ith home. located in Southwest Bexar 
Ce. O ver en acre goes w ith this one 138.98o 
STROUT REALTY 
____________ 644 14*5____________ 
TH E W A R E H O U S E C L U B and 
Discotheque is being oHered lo r sale. Reasonable term s, proven fin a n c ia l success C o n ta ct M r 
Stout 341 8134.444 3229________ 
TR A D E or S E L L A P T M O T E L . 
22 u n its ), Real m oney m a k e r. 
B argain 714-6475____________ 

NOTICE TO 
JOB APPLICANTS 
Advertnemenb in these loiumm ort o.<*pr*d on lh* pttmrit that lobs el ie red anil be tiled on th* bests of men) without discrimination betons* of se* unless the job is o bonoiide or rupo'ionol quoliiiroiion 
EMPLOYMENT 
AGENCIES the Son Antonio Frivol* Impioymenl 
Assot ration has * rtqa) (od* *1 trines to which oil its pinta!* employment agency members substrate for lei motion about private employment agencies or action on compknnls coll I 
.. A 78o? el rho lettei lostness loc eon 

Used 18x12 o ffic e , delivery 424 58o3 te rm s , tre e 

WE BUY 
Businesses and Inventories 
J KAHN 4 ASSOC 343-4873 
Well established profitable Sheet 
Meiat Business tor sate in Texas 
H ill C o u n try 
(915) 3 4 7 -U I3 or 
(415 ) 338-447* 
W E LL E S T A B L IS H E D lin g e rie shop. repeat business, w ill tra in buyer 1) 7.oo4 
ROSSI R E A LT Y _________444 7/81 

WORMS 
We buy worm s under contract 
W orm grow ers needed 
1I2-4S3 514o 

 bQ4 MONEY TO LEND 

EQUITABLE 
TRUST COMPANY w e specialize in the p o rch u ia of 
•C h o u t! ar Beoi Estate Notes 
•F in a n cia l Leasing 
•F a cto rin g Account* Receivable 
IN Q UIR E AT 224-8)14 
H I* NRC Bldg 
Son A uto..,., 
H IG H LA N D PARK STATE BANK 
The bank with m are tim e tor you!I 
Highland p i Hoc Spe rry $22-3)11 
N E E D CASH?? 
BUT HAVE NO C R ED IT??? 
Com Union Finance 723 48/1 
Ready Cosh to purchase your real eslole moi luges 221 14/5______ _ 

SMALL HONOR LOANS 
JUST PROMISE TO PAY 
ABA C RED IT_______ 
223-4244 
S ta rlin g , e xpa nding , in ta n g ib le a c c o u n ts r e c e iv a b le ., ca s h a v a ila b le to r th e se e n d e th e r . money needs Coil *7 3 t is / new 
WH t ic THE BANKS SAY NO 
WE SAY OO 
558.4o6 AND UP 349 6431 

DISTRICT 
MARKETING 
SUPERVISOR 

Motor 
Credit 
Cord 
Co 
Needs Rep for SALES & 
SERVICES 
Territory 
Son 
Antonio cmd So. Texos Cor necessary. Travel necessary. 

Outside sales exp nec­ essary 
Salary, exc. 
Co. 
Benefits ond 
Car 
Allow 

Send Complete Resume to; 
EXPRESS-NEWS 
P . O . B O X 4 5 5 7 

SAN AN TO N IO , TX 78297 

WAKE UPI 

It should he obvious toot there ere only I ways to moke any real money in 
San Antonio • go into business Im yourself, et toke • commission solos position 
I am toto mg about e Ml time pro lessionol soles career erin the oldest ond largest in- ter national organization of ifs kind rn existence I am talking about on eg portumfy to borid ■ cen sistonify glowing Meeme which is based en that a briny ti yours toot you hove been dying to um 
Ie ne fits inched* tension pion, free Me insurance, mater bonita insurance, end personal as wed es professional groweh 

TIns cauld be tool (OE- 
FOHURI TY TO U t Al INTO 
SALES WHICH VOV HAV! 
OFTEN THOUGHT ABOUT) 

We furnish a compte ie homing program totes experience aet necessary, 
VflMf of By( fttOlf SiH * cessful people have ne background rn sales 

( S II) 3 4 9 . 3 7 1 8 

M o n d a y - Frid a y 

1o a .rn .-4 p.m . 

M M Dental MU. bio moni y wan ted 
•s tm e n t o p p o rtu n ity cli fu lly 
In ve stm e n t o p p o rtu n ity iff tg iiy le ased m e d c c o i-d e n tg l b ld g in 
Crewing business areg, adiacent i modern residential area Easy access to main traffic arteries 
Many athar passible uses when leases expire 
Financing avail 
1148.o8* 
M ON TE VISTA R E A LT Y 
735 84*5 RE ALTO R S MLS822 8875 r e W 
T T O T f f T B t fa i t b R E 
E xclusive lines Located in pres hee area of cily. V ery profitable 
ROHDE 
BUSINESS 
BROKERS 
*% klLLL_ 
_ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ 

I Need 5SOCK) have reliable roto r 

SI? IMSIIUICTIBNS 

D A Y A N IT E C L A S S E S 
NBW CLASSES 
REGIN M ARCH 14th 
K eypunch. S e cre ta ria l, A ccount mg, D ra ftin g and AU Other Rust ness Courses 
Vet A pproved E n ro ll Now 
D U R H AM C O LLEG E 
18$ SAN FE D R O 
231 1481 

ADJUSTER T R A IN E E , Oe8r*4- uutgomg personality oggiessive co gives career opportunity plus 
S4SOO Call Dean Ross 717 22*1 
SN ELLIN G B S N E LLIN G 
E m ploy muni Service, f* G ill Rd 
CIVIL ENGINE I R 
C ivil Enam eertng D raftsm an 
Consulting engineering firm has on opening tor a c iv il engineer end a civ il engineering draftsm an w ith a m inim um pf 2vrs exg on su b d ivisio n im p ro v e m e n ts and m unicipal protects S a lary com m e n s u ra ie w ith a b ility 
Phons. 
344 8151 tor opp! 
_________ 
EXE C U TI V I T R A IN E E ? " $828o as you trou t Dynam ic boss with the answers 
Call Jerry Ward. 
341-2S5I 
S N ELLIN G A S N E LLIN G 
E m ptor IO? W RECTOR Service 

HAIRDRESSERS 
P ie rre Duval H air Studio. N erth 
Broadw ay, those interested, call 
838-4751 Bf 824 SS7/_____________ 
JO B H U N T IN G ? 5 I 2 5*5 ooo 
B tm a rd Haldane a A ssoc (SU ) 
342 31*4 
S in e * l f * / . N o t a placem ent agency 

EXPRESS- 
NEWS 
Want 
Ads 
CALL 

2 2 5 - 1 6 6 6 

RIAL 

ESTATE 
SALES 

I need 7 eggteutve agents pre i f bi lingual? toil I 
• 4o*. Ce 
• h i orient perking cottdrtwm 
• Plenty of Leads 
TOU YMI UKf USI 
SAM ANTONIO RUI BUTI 

I B o lto n — 349-6531 
3231 WIST AVI. 

ARE YOU TH IN K INO Of selling 
I the one th in g e ve r vo ile needs 
Reel E state? We ll tra in to ll or p a rttim e E a sy la de w ith o u r s p e c ia l p r o te c tio n a l fr a m in g school n.p experience necessary 
We to rn sh oil buye rs end sailers tor you otto help you get licenses q u ic k ly 
C u ll 
I N T E R S T A T E 
*2*9735 til 8 p m ___________ 
ASSISTANT MOR tor mens clolh. in t store Good so la r y and ben 
•h is 
Apply la r r y M fg Ca 53o* 
Jack w a n ) 
___ 

AVOH 
To buy ar sen 
CBM 234-4*41__________ 
B ilin g u a l tra v e lin g s a le s m a n 
S otory 4 c o m m issio n L e a d in g record com pany Apply in perspn 
1*48 
F re d e ricksb u rg 
Bd 
FBWS-lyt 

CLOSER 
N eed I d u a lity s id in g c to s e r. 
L e e d s fu rn is h e d 
M u tt h o v e dependable ca r CPU 7)1 IM I tor i fo o t, 
C O M M U N IC A TIO N S 
S hurg pre to ta ll on in d u s try execs B a s t 
HOK + com m Bonuses, co cor * exp 
S u p e r b e n e fits C a ll Lee 
M aker, 341 H S I. 
S N E LLIN G A S N E LLIN G 
E ffg jS j >9? » ■ S C T 9 R 5erjHce 
COMPANY CORR EST FO ND E NT 
Degree, aytgrnng deal w ith exec 
1*3o4 Call Betty G rant r n t n t 
S N E LLIN G A S N E LLIN G 
Em ploym ent Service. 9* G ill Rd 
D Y N A M IC Safes re g fo r ts !# * local cg M a ry l i t *444 New Oav 
P ersonnel Constts 4*1 NE Leap 
414 Sptto S II 

SQI 
PROFESSIONAL 
SOI PQQFfSSIQWU 

COJ\STRl CTIO\SI 
PERI S i 
SI5.ooo/YEAR 

HOMECRAFT CORPORATION is an aggressive fast paced residential construction firm, dedicated to sound principals of managerial develop­ ment. We are seeking self-starter, who is interested in all phases of residential construction and management. 
This Management-Trainee position will be filled by an intelligent, goal-oriented individual who is wining to wo rte long Pours, o days a week and who needs a growth position, where income is directly related to his contribution to meeting company objectives. A college degree is not necessary, but any college is a plus. Construction experience is not required, but we prefer 5 years business and/or military background. 
W e offer company paid benefits, 2 weeks paid vacation, profit sharing, and salary and performance reviews every 6 months. lf you are in the formative stage of your career and meet the above qualifications, call Collect immediately: 

IC. t 12 -.1 19 -8 o .> ., H to I M o n d a y th ru f r id a y 

 d r send resu m e to: 
HOMECRA FT CORPORA TW N 
P O . R O X I C U I 

BOS ADMINISTRATIVE mmmmmmMML 

6o6 ADMINISTRATIVE 

S a ti A n ton io. f \ 7 H 2 1 h 

6o2 SALES 
652 SALES 

“ 
I M 
M 
E D 
I A 
T E ” 
I need tw o good people who: 

 a) Are willing to work 6 days including Sat. and evenings 

 b) Not afraid to get their hands dirty 

 c) Has high school education, must have good driving record 

 d) Needs to earn a minimum of $ 1,ooo per month 

 e) Desires the opportunity to advance into management 

Q u a lifie d c a n d id a te s a p p ly a t once 

5 o 1 o W e s t A ven u e 

World'* Largest Termite A Pest Control Co. 
D iv is io n o f R o llin s , Inc. N Y S ! 

M AN AG ER 

PUBLIC H O U S IN G PRO JECT 

★ Career Opportunity 

★ Vacation 

 it Health insurance 

* Retirement 

* Sick leave 

San Antonio’s # 1 Bridal^hop 
La Feria House of the Bride 
BRIDAL SALES PERSON e Salary plus commission 
• All major benefits 
• Must work some nights 

Apply in person only 

L a F e r i a N o r t h s i d e 
7 3 2 5 San P edro A v e . 

 i i 
REAL ESTATE SALES 

Our continuing .expansion hat opened residential colet positions 

 for career-oriented persons with or without experience. Your suc­ cess potential it thoroughly ex­ plored in our confidential in­ terviews. extensive m-house training program. 
Call 
Bill 
McGinnis 
- Brookhollaw 
Office 
484-7651 or Jerry Segrave - San 
Pedro Office 824-o171. 

R o s o u r & k f i r n s v 

REALTORS-5o YRS. OF TRUST 

Beginning salary $ 1 2 ,7 o 6 annually. Respon­ 

 sible for' managing 4 8 3 Units of low income 

 family housing at East Terrace Home. 

Previous public of federally assisted housing 

 management experience desirable. 
College 

Degree in Business Administration, Sociology or 

 related fields. 
Two years m anagem ent ex­ 

 perience. 

C all M s . A le x a n d e r 

 a t 5 3 2 - 6 3 3 1 

RETAIL A C C O U N T IN G 
ASSISTANT CONTROLLER 
A V O ID TAX SEASON STRESS 

Heavy retail store accounting experience re­ quired. 
Salary to 
$ 1 8 ,o o o plus goodl benefits. Report to Controller. O pportunity] to advance. Height and weight must be in proportion. 
All applications held con­ fidential. Send letter and resume (no agen­ cies, please) or call 
M r. B ren n e r o r M r. G rim m . 
51 2 -2 2 5 -7 1 6 3 
S O L O SER VE C O M P A N Y 
HS SOLEDAD, SAN ANTONIO, TEXAS 782o5 

ACCOUNTING MANAGER 

For division of listed Corporation. 3 -5 yrs. experience in general accounting, cost ac­ counting and credit. Degree helpful. Salary commensurate with exp. 

Reply to Express/News Box 4525 

San Antonio, Tx 78297 

 e q u a l o p p o rtu n ity e m p lo y e r 

618 ■ Off ICE I CUBICAL 
SIO OfflCt I CLERICAL 

Express-News— Thursday, March 3, I 9 7 7 
Fifth Page 

F I L E C 
L E R 
K 
' 
, 
/ 
. 
- 
' 
! ■ 
I 
■ 
. 
•• 
" 
' • 
(Service D ept.) 

• Job w ith V a rie ty 

• M ust H o ve V a lid D riv e rs License 

• A p p ly fro m 9 to I 2 d a ily 

S e e : T o m H e d g e in P e rs o n 

TOM BENSON CHEVROLET 

9 4 o o S an P e d ro v 

IM M E D IA T E O P E N IN G 

COMMERCIAL LINES CLERK 

(Rating and W ritin g ) 

STRUNK INSURANCE CO. 

2 2 5 - 2 9 9 2 

* 

# 

Experience N ecessary 

I t f l i t o f t 
• 
# 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 

612 MEDICAL 
612- MEDICAL 

REGISTERED NURSES 

EXPERIENCED IN : 
M edical C oronary & Surgical 
Intensive C are 
O p eratin g Room 

All Shifts 
NIX MEMORIAL HOSPITAL 
2 2 6 -7 1 7 1 
4 1 4 N a v a rro 
Equal O p p o rtu n ity E m ployer 

81o-BELICH MICHL 

P T PBX S2.75 hr 
P refer Bell trained. Call 
M arion 922-271 1 1733 SW M ilita ry 
Job E xp e rt* inc Placem ent 5er 
PU BLIC R E LATIO NS 
Good co needs sharp you to han­ dle c lie n ts , typ e , *Soo un. A nn 
838 649* N ew D a y P e rs o n n e l 
Con sits, W I NE Loop 41o________ 

~ S54G RECEPT FEE PO 
Type! Ans phone! Lite books! 
SPEARS P E R S O N N EL SRV 
7o7 Jackson K e lle r 
828-1292 
R E C E P T IO N IS T 
G ood lo o ks, p e rs o n a lity . L ite type S ta rtin g 
$548 Coll me now! N o rm a Scott. 
341 2551 
SN ELLIN G A S N E LLIN G 
Em ploy 1o2 W RECTOR Service 
RE C E PTIO N IS T 
$SSo 
Personality-*- good s k ills + g re a t 
CO. Coll Lynn 818-6494 New Day 
P ersonnel C onslts 9o1 NE Looo 
41o Suite SIB_______ ___________ 
RE C E PTIO N IS T $62$ 
Looking tor a career w ith good co. 
Coll Ann 828-6494 New Day Per sonnel Conslts, 9o1 NE L oop 41o 
R E C E PTIO N IS T: Lite Skills 
For spot w ith q u a lity oil co. 
$55o Call Kathy Starnes 732-2261 
S N E LLIN G A S N E LLIN G 
Em ploym ent Service, 96 G ill Rd 

•RECEPTIONIST* 
S day wk* Lite type! $45o m o! 
G loria 814-o227 Job Placem ents 
E m ploym ent Ser. 5116 Son Pedro 
ROOM C L E R K . A pply in person only. 96 NE L oop 41o A lbert Pick 
Motel.__________________________ 

Secretary Bookkeeper 
Lite typing, m ust know how to use 
1o-key- some experience in book 
- keep ing O ffice e x p e rie n ce and 
! shorthand re q u ire d . By a p p o in t­ m ent only 494-5237 
MEE BERL ESTATE 
Secretary Typist. Apply 1216 West 
Avenue________________________ 
SERVICE W RITER 
$8oo Our fee nego to handle custom er service 
Advance w ith grow ing co. H ill, 
341 2551 
S N E LLIN G & S N E LLIN G 
Em ploy 1o2 W. RECTOR Service 
W o n t lo c a l 
C o lle g e S tu d e n t 
C lerk T y p is t, b o o kkeepin g exp h e lp fu l No sm oking , good pay. 
FISHER 5, 145o NE LOOP 41o 
W e’ll tra in , accounts cle rk, office experience required, coll Andrea 
732-2191, 25o1 West Ae 
Jobs North. Inc, P iacem t Svc 

614 SKILLS TRADES 
614 SKILLS 

Potential 
Employment Opportunities 

Serv-Air, Int. is accepting applications for potential employment in supervisory positions in the following specialties. Air force or Air Force service contract ex­ 

 perience is desirable. 

AIRCRAFT MAINTENANCE 

Maintenance Control 
Material Control 
Field Maintenance Shops 
JEIM 
Scheduled Maintenance 
Flight Line 
Unscheduled Maintenance 
Quality Control 
Metrology 
Safety 

 s u p p ly 
Item Accounting 
Fuels Management 
Supply Management 
Material Facilities 

BASE SERVICES 
Food Services 
Recreation 
Billeting 
Club Manager 

612 MEDICAL 

6o8 S IC R n ARIAL 
SIO 8IHCI6 CLERICAL 

FULL T IM E TE LEP H O N E SALES 

We can train you to earn up to S4.oo per molting 

 colls from our office, we ore on the Bus line and we 

 hove free parking. 

 lf you ore 18 or over and need a steady job with a 

 chance for advancement please coll 
M r. Brown 

2 2 5 - 2 8 1 8 
An Equal O p p o rtu n ity Em ployer 

REAL ESTATE AGENTS 

Are you considering making o thong# in Real Estate (ovnpnmes’ 
Do you find yourself unhappy with your personal production and ton t quiet put your finger on th? route? Have you asked yourself the$e question: lately? lf you have, why don t you call 
CLANK OWENS REALTORS and ask tor o confidential interview (on cerning what de ame 
Owen: 
Realtor: has to ofter regarding pro fesuonai borning, excellent rom- mmton sbuctun, happy selling environment Hue on opportunity to become a member of the Cher i$hed Red (oot MILHON DOLLAR 

CH* 
CaN 3 4 4 - 6 2 o 7 tor confidential interview 

OWENS, 

 i f f rn 
W BSSBSCtm 

Now taking applications for 
• Floor covering & 
• Furniture safes person 

FuN compony benefits, experience preferred, but will tram 
Contact Mr. Kirkland 

1oO G ill Rd. 

7 3 2 - 2 2 1 1 

COMMERCIAL ANO 
INVESTMENT 
RIAL ESTATE SAUS 
W . taw help yaw 
C lto v tr M rn tmrw. r In 
Co un rn* rein I nr 
I w k 
*» ■ 1^ 

1-2 besit knmtmwl et 
■ A n em 
« n o r 

 liWwei t . w'*11* Ay " * ' wp- 

 z t r s r s — 
*. 
824-6395 

G g g C M p m o n C b . 

REAL TORS 

6o2 
SAUS 

CO ,-MACTOO 
N. W M* Oft. 

SALES 

REPRESENTATIVE 

Notional company $eekt experienced, aggie: ti ne and result: oriented m dividual Ie sell test turn mg sundry product: and high unguis* 'terns to in­ dependent retod store: and chowi: 
High Com 
I me told Wee leekly! 

Few Ro*tonal k titm u w coli 

GEORGE BERGER 

(S II) 732-5141 

SALES PERSON 
N O RTH LOOP 
V W 

S U B A R U - B M W 

 ho: on immediate open mg rn new and user) tai 
Mil#: deportment Bust be experienced in impart automotive sates 
Ex 
(•Kent opportunity 
AR applications strictly con hdentiol 

CONTACT: Now Car 
Sotos Mgr 

732-7121 

SELLING TO 
MACHINE SHOPS 
We ore opening a second industrial supplies warehouse and need a salesperson to sell piping systems, compressors, hoists, drill bits, grinding wheels and other in­ dustrial products. For ap­ pointment call 
Elite 
Spenrath at 223*18o1. 
THE PERRY 
SHANKLE CO. 

TRANSFER TIRED? > 
Join Hm moneymakers! Good com mission spill. fuH time or port time flaming in commerooi or residen­ tial available to ALL agents Ex pan sion program underway in residential, tommeruoi. FS R . SW. 
NW and (en! Any inquiries con 
(tdenhol (ontoci lob McGinnis or any sates mgr 

BOB MCGINNIS 
REALTORS 

Beal Estate Sales lf you ar# licenced and consider­ in g c h a n g in g c o m p a n ie s o r p reparin g to apply tor a license, coll me for on in tervie w . In odd* 
Hon lo a g e n ero us c o m m issio n sched ule, we o tte r e x c e p tio n a l office accom odations in excellent locations plus social security and 
M e d ic a l In s u ra n c e p a y m e n ts . 
RUSS K L IN G IN S M IT H . 347 41oo 
WORLD WIDE REALTY 
ROUTE D R IV E R ' e n try level 
N atl Bank, beverage bkground 
$45o Call Phil A rro yo 732-7261 
SN E LLIN G & S N E LLIN G 
E m ploym ent Service, 96 G ill Rd 

SALES - CASHIER 
LADIES 
SPECIALTY STORE 
M ust have exp in re ta il fashion setting and cashier mg W onderful o p o tv 
M o n y b e n e iits . C an fo r appt M r H ill 734 $o35 Tues. Sat. 
JAY’S 
W O N D E R LA ND 
SALES SP EC IALIS T 
$13.2oo + BONUS + CAR, 
N A T L 
CO 
M om t a b ility, sales bkgnd 
Pd benefits. G ail Fox 684-868o 
F IN N E Y & Assoc Personnel 
Cons, $435 Callaghan No32S 
SALES TR A IN E E tor sm all tools and supplies 
Contact 
G ary 
Cooper 
Cooper E quipm ent Ce. 
8723 
B roadw ay 
San 
Antonio. 
_____________826-6314____________ 
Telephone sales, solid sponsor, 42 years Convention B anners Ady., 
C o n v e n tio n Book 
C a ll to r a p ­ pointm ent 828 534o 

ASSISTANT M AN A G E R 
B ilin g u a l' some c re d it exp. good money. Can Brod 
Rich A Assoc E m ploym ent Srv 
644oA San Peqro 826 o661 
C ollector in and out, experience re q u ire d , too p a y a d v a n c e to m anager, call John 732-2191, 25o1 
West Ave 
Jobs North, Inc, P iocem t Svc 

CREDIT POSITION 
L e a d in g com pany needs e xp e r tenced phone collector w ith good te le p h o n e v o ic e 
S a la ry p lu s m onthly bonus. P e rm anen t pose lion w ith advancem ent 342-4196 
EXEC M GM T 
Highly successful 
I nat l concern, superior tm g p ro ­ g ra m , in c e n tiv e s + b e n e fits galore! Start $87oo 
Tom Snow, i 341 2551 
SN E LLIN G A S N E LLIN G 
Em ploy IQI W RECTOR Service 
MGR 
T R A IN E E . 
Career minded. 
A ggressive tor m m o r finance co. 
$66oo Coll Angie P rice 732 7261 
S N E LLIN G A S N E LLIN G 
1 E m ploym ent Service 96 G ilt Pd 

’ PUBLIC RELATIONS 
M G M T C A P A B IL IT IE S - KNOW 
P R IN T E D 
M A T E R IA L , 
T V , 
RA D IO S A LA R Y O PEN 
B E L L 
E M P L O Y M E N T 
824-7485 
46o4 
BROADW AY____________________ 
STAI F ACCOUNTANT 
$9,ooo 
Be in tric a i p a rt of tost pace 
Co Call Ann Woods 6S7 1123 
S N E LLIN G A S N E LLIN G 
E n in Svc. 82oJ Rough R ider 
U N D E R W R IT E R S 
License not nee One field, two inside $9 to 4K plus com m. Top co'*. Lee B aker, 
341-2551 
S N E LLIN G A S N E LLIN G 
E m ploy 1o2 W RECTOR Service 

6o8 SECRETARIAL 

T E R R IT O R Y g ro w th n a t l 
R E P . 
M o to r co. c o n s u m e r 

V 3 4 9 -1 H I 

E L E C T R O N IC S C o u n te r i d * * mon. should hove previous exp or tra in in g in e le c tro n ic s or alec trom es parts distrib u tio n P refer r e c e n t e le c tr o n ic s c o u rs e g radua te, w ith a desire to w o rk in to o p ro m is in g fu tu r e . C o ll 
722-1352 between 8 5 
_ 

ENCYCIDPHEDIA 

BRITANNICA 
Salespeople are am ong the high- est paid in the w orld 
1 Im m ediate opening* 
2 we w ill tram 
I Must have cor 
* We work leads appl basts 
Far pee sonabm terview 

C o ll 7 ) 2 H O S _______ 

EXPERIENCED 
OUTSIDE OFFICE 
SUPPLY SALES 

A ggressive new business 
Salary 4* comm 

C all fo r appt 
6 9 o -8 2 7 6 
M edical Center 
O ffice Supply 

OPENING 

For 2 experienced salesmen. Tindall t Son Pontiac • 
GMC Trucks, inc. 
Contact 
Henry 
Tindall. 

EXPERIENCED SALESMAN 
Ta SeN const' uclion m ate rials lo w holesale Ibr co s M g *t he sal* rn o il via led 
Cod 
69A2449 tor jM H jH M I II l 
.. • f OOO B R O K E R S A LE S P E R 
SOW lo colt on s u p e rm a rk e ts ut th e ‘.a n A n to n io a re a , som e g ro c e ry e xp e rie n c e n e c e s s a ry ' 
S alary ronge lo $»448 a n n u a lly , in te rv ie w w ill be co n d u cte d BV 
M a rch l l , send b rio ! resum e to 
John K irkw o o d Jr , Luke Soules 
In t , P O B o . *357 von Antonio. Tx 
74249, phone I $U I 424-4542 
, 
F ti L i b R k A i i T " T I M F v a iq s 
C lerks M u ll hove good P*rs4>h a lity , h **h 6* h,6! i. * , H » . a i *Bod' leasing oepi «pm .cunts m usi rn w a rk rn a sup*Lr i * i a 1 B o il- i fa m ilia r with opt in d u stry in te r yTquE 
U T**** esled persons must subm it a let 

I WANT TWO fuh tim e rabats!** 
BEAL 
ESTATE SALESMEN 
I writ fro m com pletely and share a very lucrative business 
M y to p salesmen have m ade ova* $ 9 o o o m the firs t tw o m onths o f J 9 7 7 . 
(a il for an appointment 

Tom T a y lo r 

4 9 4 -5 2 3 7 a r 1 2 6 -6 2 8 8 

NEW Q UARTERS 
G ro w in g o g a m , n e e d m e re a agents It you w aul o chance to earn and le a rn w h ile you aro w w ith us, coil soon 
MAC R E AL ESTATE 828 2521 
OUTSIDE SALES 
Need I ' Nut I co car + expense* 
Oood mgney-. Coft B io d 
R.ch A Assoc E m ploym e nt Srv 
684UA Sun Pedro *26-o661 

 products bkr d the tra ve l, car . 
I exp, excellent benefits SIOK. Tom 
Snow 341 7551 
SN E LLIN G A S N E LLIN G 
E mploy IQI W RECTOR Service 
. 
•$1o,ooo T e rrito ry Reo SH.OOO 
( Must have I B A E xp ' Natl Co + future Ike K elly 
923 4366 
41] SW M ilita ry 
Jobs South Piecem eal Service 

S TERRITORY $ 
Salary, comm, co* exp Sec vice whoteeaie prod Real pro 
SPEARS P E R S O N N EL SRV 
2o7 Jackson K eller 
828 1292 

THELMA B PRUSSMAN 
• R E A L T O R S • 
W ants you Join u t now Due to ou r c o n tin u e d g ro w tn , s e v e ra l openings hove been created Bu­ siness is good L ib e ra l c o m m is ­ s io n on lis tin g s 
B r in g y o u r license Coli 424 2347 tor app t 

TRAVEL TEXAS 
15K + comm + ta r + e« (lenses 
Ray 922 2711 1233 SW M ilita ry 
Job E xp erts Inc Placem ent ber 
Unique growth opportunity w ith a 
S2oo.ooo.oo4 co m p a n y to r those who auohty, salary, and com m is sian. 424 SSO I 

$ 15 ,oo o UP 
N e ed 2 e x p e rie n c e d C lo s e rs 
P ro v e n m u rk e r h ig n c o m m is ­ sions. na oui of pocket expenses, leads furnished 
' ____________ 73o 3123___ _______ 
WE W IL L TR AIN 
E s ta b lis h e d in s u ra n c e ro u te 
M o r r ic e b ilin g u a l 
S ta r tin g s a la ry $165 w e e k ly . No e x p e l 
I tone#. 924-1121__________________ 

S3 PER HOUR PLUS 
M 
E 
E co m m issio n la H o r!, c o lim a on our c u sto m e rs C a r nece ssa ry 
Must be neat ana cle a n c u t 
494 5412 

LEASE a n d EARN 
We need an expel tenced lousing agent or we w ilt ti arn you rn our using dept Applicants must 

FU N AN D PROFIT BUSINESS It you p re in d u s trio u s , can t e lle * in structions, ana desire in depen­ dence, we m as hove th * e x a c t port tim e business for you Send o short letter lo b iu r e t* News. Bo* 
No. 452J 78297 

GOOD NEWS 
FOR YOU! 
O penings fo r two agents rn our 
T u rtle C reek O ffice Con D o n s 
POCOCX *99 loos 
OjpAWHs OW' N 5 CO R e a lty 
H A V E J o p e n ,ll* : in te le p h o n e soles dept F ail tim e uud O' »«>• 
In n # 
San P * d t« a n d W o n d e r 
P la to studies Agaty 7(379 San Pe­ d ro b e tw e e n 9 14-11: 3oam o r 
* 3o 7pm © tan M ills P o r tr a it 
Sludges ask far M r Coo tty far hi let »iew 
— if you tbm k you hove u b iiity tar tra in in g in new spaper soles crr- cm otion a ft Apply at '216 W et! 
A ve n u e 
L o w Ste M m # s a la ry . 

In s titu tio n a l route sales lo ca l, b e n e fits + $7oo B a n k e rs E m # 
* v t 
*7oo Craw nm ll 424-6 H I ___ 

I M H u m an ) T E c A U 
IS 235 IO ** tx eel ss a HU NI w s 

 ested persons must subm it a let ter of references and resum e and also have a c u rre n t re a l estate salesmans license C a m m as are dependent on your a b ility and h a rd w o rk 
Q u a lifie d p e rs o n s 
I sand tellers and resum es in care al 
Personnel Dept 
*o4o W Ava. 
Austin TX 74741_______________ 

 m a n a g e m e n t 

P O T E N T I A L 
M arke ting a rm at national h a rd ­ w a re c o m p a n y needs s e lf s u f­ fic ie n t c o n fid e n t d is c ip lin e d professional salesman to screen dottier applicant* rn the & West un com m issio n bus s p h e n o itto n u i lu lu * * to* Hum m ed person C all 
M f M o rn s rn (417) 776-4338 

N E E D 2 L IC E N S E D R E A L 
E S T A T E A $ t N TS in o u r 
S o u th s id e s e ttle * 
E b ro between il l, ® # ie sJs.ooo eer year buying pud selling te a l estate on a Ogle wide bests 
Ne e x p e n e n rf necessary. w ill 
(ram 
“ 
JACK MITCHELL ERA 
D b A C T O R 
332-31o7 

PH A R M A C E U TIC A LS 
St SUO + B O N DS + CA R LARG E 
Not I Ce Expanding, degree, sales exp Can *848*8o 
F IN N E Y 4 Assoc Personnel 
Cons 5835 Colloghun NoJH 
Piano O rgan Salesperson ( M F ) 
N eed no! h a v e e x p e rie n c e in sellin g these p re d u cts but some m a v in * a b ility Jab o p p o rtu n ity a M e' p o te n tia l of $18 $24,444 depending on abilities W ill tram 
Apply ta E xpress News Box 2691, 
78297 
| 
P R O F E S S IO N A L IM A G E : Fee ad D ynam ic co Sales exp w itn desire to succeed G reat potantial 1 end *44oo d raw 
H ire M on Lee 
Baker 341 ISSI 
SN E LLIN G * S N E LLIN G 
Em ploy 142 W RECTOR Service 
Real Estate Salesmen to. suoui 
. ban p ro p e rty an site sales, $$44 per m onth d ra w n a g a in st cam - I mission 494 2314 

Real Estate Ag and B ro ke rs af 
W o o d c re e k R e s o rt In c need aeents and b i a ke r* to ropresont its H ill C o u n try R e so rt rn S A 
Woodcreek is 6 years old ond has t i hales al playable gait t i holes u n d e r c o n s tru c tio n , 16 te n n is courts, 3 sw im m ing pools, stables h e a lth S P A , a r ts a n d c r a fts ceniei large w ith 21 mole* rooms, 
West W orld R e stau ran ts. W ater 
Hole Club b ve r 25# hom es and tow nhouses, la ke s and c re e ks. 
I convell center, underground u til , 
I I golf e re shops 
AM P th e a te r. tennis pre shop m ini m a n n a a ir 
I s tr ip 
O u r c o m m is s io n * a re am ang th highest rn the real es tote in d u s try , r a il Men F ri. * 5, ask tar M rs Koutlie Acreage and campsite Resorts soon avail tot m arke ting in this same area 
I U 1457 
Real Estate salesmen tor subur ban p ro p e rty on site sales, $5o4 aer m onth d ro w n a g a in s t com mission 494 2311 

B e g in n e r p ro g ia m m e r d e g re e 
Cobol or Oatoshare. st* $8144 ag 
C entury P lacem ent Service 
153 W C entury Bldg 34* MJI 
C IV IL L NGINE ER , H yd rology, 
Supervisory a b ility Quality co 
$12,448+ Call Dean Ross 732 2241 
S N E LLIN G B S N E LLIN G 
E m ploy rn enl Service »6 G ill Rd 
C o m p u te r o p e ra to r, m u st h ay# e x p e rie n c e on B3544 o r B4788 
Punning standard Arr Force Base 
Level $635 month goad com pany b e n e fits 
C a ll B ill F o re b a y to r 
OPP' 
124 3285 between 
9 lp m , 
M -jii b rl__________________ _ 
Fee Pard 
P rogram m er 374 ts p Ta $15,444 
Century Placem ent Service 
153 W Century Bldg 34* 137] 

FILE C LERK 
M ESSEN GER 
D R AFTSM AN T R A IN E E 
Consulting engineering firm has o p e n in g fo r a F ile C le rk M e t 
I en aer D ra fts m a n T ra in e e 
HS graduation repaired sa la ry cgm m e n s u ra l# w ith a b ilitie s 
C a ll ten o u i tar gaol 

SECRETARY 

High school graduate; some college work prefer­ red; one year office ex­ perience; type 6 o wpm; shorthand and bilingual skill preferred. W ork 2-oo to 
1o:oo p m 
Monday through Thursday, 9 OO to 
5 oo p m on 
Friday 
$4 5 o to $ 5 o o month with oil benefits, 

(Apply with 
Mr 
Sonny 
Soi't, Southwest Center, 
8 o o Qumtana Rood ) 

COMPETENT 
SECRETARY 

Must be accurate tyi"s' with good I shorthand skills Positron involve: eternal work, filmq ond h ie 1 bookkeep"^ S (Joy work week paid holidays end vocation Auto 1 required 
Coll 826 9517 

 for appl. 

SECRETARY 

Alamo Artel Council of Governments 
J years exponent* desired toad typing skills required 
Automobile required 

Coli 225-52o1 for appt 

 un eopwt epperfwUty amy l# y r 

INSURANCE Secy; Im m ediate 
| 
Opening Short hours advanem 
| 
S6oo+ Call Julie M athis 732-2261 ] 
SN E LLIN G A S N E LLIN G 
Em ploym ent Service. 96 G ill Rd 

JOIN THE BIGGEST 
Job Opportunity in Town 

TY PIS T 
SE C R ETA R Y 
SALESM EN 
OFFSET P R IN TE R S 
K now ledge of Spanish. A p ply in person 1216 West Ave. 

LEGAL SECRETARY 
E X P E R IE N C E P R E F E R R E D 
____________ 227-7121____________ I 

Legal Secretary 
W ith Heat E s ta te E x p e rie n c e 
Good S e cretarial s k ill* required 
Mon cord experience p re fe rre d 
W ith downown law firm . S alary n eg otiable , m in im u m $65o plus b e n e fits 
Send re s u m e lo E c- press News P Q Box 768o 78247 l egal secretary tor N orthside lo w office Real Estate exp required 
Salary com m ensurate w ith a bility ond exp. 734 43/1________________ 
R e c e p tio n is t- s e c r e to ry ,d ic ta phone, w e ll gro o m e d , a b ility to meet e xe cu tive s, e x c e lle n t b e n ­ efit*. 5 day S5So B a nkers E tna 
] SVC 
87oo C row nin g 828 6123 
R E L IA B L E co wants dependable secy *625 • Coll Joy 828 6494 New 
Day P e rson nel C o n su lta n ts 9o1 
NE Loop 41o suite 518___________ 
SEC OFC MOR 
Co splits our tee 
Professional NS office No SH nee 
$6oo 
DOE 
Coll 
Lau ra 
H ill, I 
341 2551 
S N E LLIN G A S N E LLIN G 
Em ploy 1o2 W RECTOR Service 
S e cre ta ry, lite s h o rth a n d , good typing, 5 day, $6oo. B ankers Etna 
Sec., 87oo C row nhill, 828 6123 
S E C R E T A R Y 
P o ls # a n d p e rso n a lity to r p re stig io u s firm 
Lots of PR work $4oo Coll N orm a 
Scot!. 341 2551. 
S N E LLIN G A SNF L l ING 
Em ploy IO? W REC I OR Service 
S e cretary R eceptionist, excellent ty p in g s k ill* n e c e s s a ry , good cle rical aptitude, versatile person fo r d iv e rs ifie d d u tie s , such as phones, filin g , p ro o f re a d , and re c o rd keep m q 
S a la ry $$$o to 
$64o p e r m o n th 
A ll C o m p o n y 
: benefits COH 222-o266 to r appt 

SECRETARY RECEPTIONIST 
P le a s a n t te lep hone voice, w e ll g ro o m e d , ty p e 5oW P M . } d a y w e e k, n o r th s id e lo a c a tio n 
$45o $5o4 mo 828-5551___________ 
Seeking legal se cre ta ry w th ex 
Benem e rn tria l procedu re* and a b ility to p e rfo rm duties w ith a m inim um ot su p e rvisio n S a lary com m e nsurate w ith e xp e rie n ce and a bility. 227 it4 6 
Wanted legal secretary or osgir ont thereof, w ith m o tiva tio n , an peal o n d b ra in s 
R e p ly lo E x press News Box 8198. 5 A 78297 

EIO M U M A CLERICAL 

•$,o8 Accounts Clarb $654 
Good typing + IO Key touch! Need 
J Joyce Bes! a?J 4366 
411 SW M ilita ry 
Jobs South P lacem ent Service 
A c c o u n ts p a y a b le re c e iv a b le , som e e x p e rie n c e ty p e 4o too pay. call Roxie 7)2-2191, 2541 west 
Ave 
Jobs N o tth inc. P iocem t Svc 
Accounts receiva ble cle rk , m ust type 5 day, MOO B ankers Im p 
I Sec , 8744 C row nhill, 828 6123 
ADVfcR HSIN G PECPT 
Join 
C reative people, challenging spot 
$65o Call B arb K endrick 732-2261 
S N E LLIN G A S N E LLIN G 
Em ploy men* Service. 96 G ill Rd 
AT TR ACTIVE you gets fron t desk spot with typing $54o+ Colt Dee 
I New Dov Personnel Conslts 9o1 
II NE Loop 41o Suite 518 iB a n k t i ainee, c le ric a l position, 
; top co with top benefits, call Ro 
SIC 712 2191 75o1 w esl Ave 
Jabs N orth Inc, Pigeons! Sec 

KEYPUNCH OPERATORS 

Minimum I year Ixparience 
Fart Tima 
2 Nights A Week 

APPLY IN PERSON 

FROST BANK 

PERSONNEL DEP1. 
IOO W . Houston St. 
(qual Opportunity Employer 

GENERAL OFFICE 
Bilingual 

Some Collection experitnre 
Filing, typing. Profit shoring, pard vatotton ond holidays 
Good working conditions 

Apply In Forsan Only 
Penner’! Inc. 
311 W. Commerce 
No Phone Calls, Please. 

R 
N 
7 -3 shift 
Full tim e 

Normandy Terrace,! 
Inc. 
6 4 8 -o 1 o 1 
841 Rice Rd. 

•A ID ES * 
•RNs-LVNs11-7,3 11 
Non sm o ke r please a p p ly 1o-12 
H illside M anor 831o G ault Lane 
828-o6o6 
D E N TA L H Y G IE N IS T lo w ork In c h ild re n s c lin ic . P a rt-tim e o r fu ll-tim e Coll 434-2368 tor appt 
D ow ntow n M D d e sire s M e d ic a l 
T e ch n icia n . S oonish L a n g u a g e and references required S tarting salary $6$o m onth R eply to Ex- piess News Box 4499___________ 

BASE OPERATIONS 

Transportation 
Civil Engineering 
Fire Protection 

Serv-Air is preparing a competitive bid to manage 
Aircraft Maintenance and Base Support Services at Vance 
Air Force Base, Oklahoma. To be considered for employ­ ment in supervisory positions, please mail your resume 

 to; 

S E R V ' R I I M n C . 

A subSKjmry al I SYST LM S liv e 

1 6 9 1 5 El C am ino R eal 
Houston, Texas 7 7 o 5 8 

Equal O p p o rtu n ity E m ployer M /F 

AND FIELD GEOLOGISTS 
Needled fo r Core D rilling Rigs 
Steady w o rk in local a reas 
Free m edical and life insurance 
Vacation and annu al bonus 

C a ll f o r a p p o i n t m e n t 
RABA S t ASSOC., IN C . 
Consulting Enginaars 
1 o 5 2 6 G u lfd ale 
San A ntonio, Tx. 

I b i j j 
- d i j 
^ 
^ j 

I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 

FEE PO 

BILINGUAL 

CLERK TYPIST 
Lucchese 
Boot 
Ca 
Houstgn 
122* 

N E ED EO IM M E D IA T E L Y 
C IV IL E N G IN E E R IN G 

D R A F T S M A N w ith at least two years exper te n t* in and thorough understanding et subdivisions! tat layouts plotting streets, plan on# p ro fitin g , atm tie s a n d re la te d w o rk 
S a la ry c o m m e n s u ra te w ith a b ilit y 
Phone M r M a rtin (5121474 4451, 

R E L IA B L E RESUMES 
W R ITTE N K I ASON AB L V 
499 IOU 
RESUM ES- 
SERVICE 
-PRO FESSION AL 
82k o742 

6o6 ADMINISTRATIVE • mum 
I 

A cco unta nt ne em, J recon* g ra d 
BRA SSS# 684 1666 

DEP rS E C R E T A R Y 
We ere looking tar o neat, cner gent person wha looks fo rw a rd lo ch a lle n g in g w o rk a ssig n m e n ts 
Typing skiff* re q u ire d at 64wom ond shorthand s k ill* a l xtiwpm 
Must hove a m inim um I y r* gen a r u i o ffic e e x p e rie n c e , w ill consider I yr of business schoel ar equivalent as a substitute tor I vt exp P refer experience in stubs heal typing Salary over $5*o pet month E xcellent frin g e benefits 
Apply P ersonnel O ffice u obi 
B 
G reen M e m o ria l H o spital 527 N 
I cima SIS! San A ntonio Tx 782o7 
223 6361 E xt 24o An equal oppor tunity em ployer 
D R E A M Y Fun spot w ith refined e m p lo y e r • typ e 1656 C a ll Jay 
828 6494 N ew D a y P e rs o n n e l 
Cunstfs POI NE loop 414_______ 

EN E R G Y CO: Pays $7oo ♦ oui fee to typ e file , in leas# d e p t! 
Easy gain# office! 
K itty 
K irk , 
141 ISSI 
S N E LLIN G A S N E LLIN G 
E m ploy 142 W RECTOR Service 
E s ta b lis h e d lo c a l f ir m nee ds comae M n! secretary Nice office, rood s o w y and frin g e benefits 
P erm anent position Reply ta Bx p ie s* News Box 4544______ ____ 
EXEC SECRET AR i 
Top notch skills get lop notch pay, m eeting v ip s re 
$9uo 
Jo 
G unter 
341 1551 
SN ELLIN G A S N E LLIN G 
R motey 142 W RECTOR Set vice 
EXP LEG AL SE C R ETA R Y 
Mag card exp re a u ire d N orthside o it.e e 
S a la ry open 
C a ll M r* 
GummtH 349 13/7 
______ 

BILLING CLERK SS38 mo. 
P re ie r experience w ith co m m e r­ c ia l health In su ra n ce m e d ica re oi m edicaid b illin g Considerable lim e w ill be s p e n t en ta llo w through on patient charges Must have I year bookkeeping exper 
•once ond type 44 WPM 
, Apply in Person 
PE R S O N N EL OF LICE 
UT H E A LT H SCIENCF CENTE R 
7783 Floyd C url Dr 
Equal Opportunity Employer 
• IL L IN G C L E R K . G roat <M»P»V in m edical held NS b rin 
*535 + Call Hay Davis 732 22*1 
S N E LLIN G A S N E LLIN G 
E m p te vm tn i Service. 9* G ill Rd 
HOOK K E E P E R 
Fee p a id + 
$684' H a rd on# to b e a t' No tvo iii) ! S ta rt w ith a le a d e r' K itty 
K irk, 341 ISSI 
S N E LLIN G A SN E LLIN G 
E mploy 182 W RECTOR Service 
B O O K K E E P E R G E N E R A L O* 
F IC E , references reauired 
456-1121____________________ 
BOOK K F E P I NC and T Y P IN G help needed 
A p p ly in p e rs o n 
Kingston M fg Co 214 T hird St Ca' 
Br m idway I between 
8am 3pm we ckduvs 
_________________ 

TLERK TYPIST 
N o rth sid e office, no e xp e rie n ce n e c e s s a ry , ty p e S4W PM C o ll 
734 - 251 tar appt________________ 
C lin ic a l la b o ra to ry needs h a rd w o rk in g ba ck up tile c le rk to r n ig h t s h ift 
C o ll M s H ic k e y 
69# 122o Mon F ri. 8-5. E a u a l op- po rtu m ty em ployer 

CREDIT ASST $5oo 
Type 4o 2 yrs occt exp 
Sue 922-2711 1133 SW M ilita ry 
Job E xperts Inc Placem ent Ser 
•VIOO Credit C lerks S6oo 
M ust hove type + hove c re d it ex- p + future ike Kelly 
923-4366 
413 SW M ilita ry 
Job: South Placem ent Service 
ECONO-RESOURCES 
Needs Corner Consultants 
____________ 699 IQI* 
_ 
E x p e rie n c e d B o o kke e p e r only 
E xperience in in ve n to ry control, reordering, ledger entry, payroll 
Salary open. Send resum e lo P O 
Box 32193, SanAntomo 76216 

FINANCE COMPANY desire* to employ young lady tor p erm anent position of collection 
' clerk, typ ist general office work 
P revious cre d it exp helpful, bul not necessary 
A p p ly in person 
2o1 S Mom 

FOLL CHARGE BKKPR 
M ature, good exp posting m ach 
Sue 923 2711 1233 SW M ilita ry 
Jab E x p e l: Inc Placem ent Ser 
F u ll c h o rg e boo kke e p e r, 5 day n o rtn *65o B a n ke rs t m p SVC . 
87oo Cro w nhill. >28-6123________ _ 
I all C iiarge Bookkeeper tor est lo cal firm Good s a io ry . frin g e benefits hosp ita l ond life in su r once P o rt tim e position Reply to 
E xpress Ne * s Box 454o_________ 

FULL CHARGE BOOKS 
S7oo Fe Neap 
NORTHSIDE CO M PANY 
Lock# E m ploym ent Service 
824 9671___________ 
1444 C e*g*» 
G E N E R A L OFC 
$5oo Advance in pretty NS office Typing and IO key ore keys. Call Jo G unter, 
341-2551 
S N E LLIN G A SN ELL ING 
Em ploy 1o7 W RECTOR Service 
O m e ru i office c le rk life ty p in g , tilin g , accts paya ble re ce iva b le 
Mon F ri 4-5 COM 658 7o75 tar appt 
E O I U C S c h frti A rea 
G e n e ra l o ffic e , a n s w e r ohone light type, office experience, can now 
Andrea 732 7191 
25o1 West 
Ave 
Jobs North. Inc, P iocem t Svc 

 g r e a t CO need* goad recept 
Cat! Lynn 
New Duy Personnel C onsult* 
N j Loop 418 Suite 514 in s u ra n c e a g e n c y n e e d s in d iv d u a l w ith a c c o u n tin g e«P 
P ie te r casua lty in sura nce back ala u n d some s e cre ta ria l duties 
Colt Beery Agency 349-4494 
• N E E D NOW ' 
B E G IN N E R SEC $544 
B ILLIN G C LER K $475 
CLERX TYPIST $425 
BANK T R A IN E E $4:o 
ACCOUNT C LERK S $5o8 
Rich A Assoc E m ploym e nt Srv 
48IGA San Pedro 826-4661 

Experienced O r'* receptionist 
Also exp med tra n scrib e r 
SPEARS PE R S O N N EL SRV 
2o7 jackson K eller______ 828-U92 
LVN 
7-1, 11-7 F u ll tim e to r n u rs in g home, Relict all shills 924-5533 

IVN RELIEF 
> 3 and 3 11 924 8136_____ 
LV N R E L IE F 2-3 and 3-11 
Ex penance w ith m entally reta rde d helpful Apoly between 1oam-4om 
Sky view 
L ivin g 
Center 
4/o1 
Goldfield 

IW S FULL TIME 
7 3 and 3-11. We otter com petitive wage, com pany potd lite in s u r­ ance, vacation* and o good envir- _ o n m e n t to p r a c tic e g e r ia tr ic nur$m q M e m o ria l M e d ic a l 315 1 
L ewis 223-5521__________________ 
M E D IC A L R E C E P T IO N IS T , ex perienced, m ature tor Physicians 
I office M ust hove expe rie n ce in 
Doctors office and be capable OI s u p e rv is in g S a la ry open, ben etit* W rite q u a lifica tio n * and ex­ p e cta n ce * to th e E x p re s s a n d 
News, P O BOX 4928, 78297 

MEDICAL RECORDS RBA 
Non sm oker please apply 1o-12 at 
Hillside M anor H IO G ault Lane. 
828-46o6________ 

 m *di<at Secretary tar Solo In te r ! nisi Located in Oak Hills M edical 
• B ld g 
M u s t be e x p e rie n c e in m edical te rm in o lo g y, in su ra n ce , a n d b o o k k e e p in g 
M o n d a y - 
F rida y 8:38-5 34. 696 2811 eoNURSESeo 
Join The Nation s Leader 
H O M EM AKE RS UPJOHN 
We have Officer* in over 215 cities and hove e m p lo ye d m o re th a n 
SI OOO health car# w o rkers in th# tost year 
We o re the n a tio n * leader because we otter: 
•C om petitive Wages 
• Interesting Assignments 
•F lexible Scheduling 
•Supervised W ork Conditions 
F in d o u t w hy wo a re n u m b e r 
I. .in te rvie w now ond see it you qua lity M ony in te re stin g assign m en is a re now a v a ila b le in s tu ffin g home care ond p riv o te duty 
For a personal in te rvie w call 
224-2341 
Work with pride and respect tor wark lur H om em akers Uotohn equal opportunity em ployer 
RN for alternatin g weekends E x ­ perienced Aides, alt sn iffs C a ll 
694-9974 between to m -lp m ______ 
RN 7-1 shift F ull tim e 
Normandy Terrace Inc. 
644-o1o1________ 841 Rice R d 
San A n to n io H e a lth S e rv ic e * 
P lacem ents, Inc , 84 N E 
Loop 
419, Suite D IE . 349.431J_________ 

“Work With A Growing Company'* 

• Permanent 
• Better Pay 
• Benefits 

• DIESEL MECHANIC (EXP.) 

• ELECTRICIAN 

 apply 8-1 1 a.m . d aily 
McDonough Bros., Inc. 

8 m ites post W ondRriand on IH Io e x it a t Beekm an 

 eq ual opportunity em plo yer 

MoToRGRADER OPERATOR 

• Must be a finish blade person on 
C A T # I 2 

• A LL L O C A L W O R K 

• 5o hr. week, 4o hr. guarantee 

Meader Construction Co. 

WMkdoys, 8 to 5,684-7281 

{ • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • I 
• 
NMO IM M t OIA m r 
• i 
EXPERIENCED OIEScl 
I 
DRIVEN 
• GENERATOR MECHANIC • 

• ROST BE EXP m THf EOllOWtaG* 
• tVPIS Of DUSH GtNEMEOKS 
. 

: 
MB IS, MB Et, 
I 
• 
(MU IO, EMU 17, (MU l l 
! 
ANO ISO KW 
• 
• 
• TOP 
PAV 
WI 1*4 
HOAPtTAl • 
* a n o fttefo e Kl H e nts 
* e 
CONTACT I. M. BROOM 
• 
I BfTW fiN I AM ANO 4:3o PM I j 
A t m - A io i 
J 

A m t 4(4o PM and SAT A SUN a 
CONTACT 9 /4 9 7 59 a t a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a * 

 y * * Cutting Departmtnt *f| 
Manager 
* Sewing Machine 
Mechanic 
* Sewing Machine 
Operators l/p s e itN C tD ONLY 
CMT CORP 
227 Ion# Star Blvd. 

I 
I 
I 

L m h m 
J 

814 sums u rn s 

 esioo A N IM A L S SITO 
Do you like th e m " Know them ? 
Need 2 Sherry B urn* 
973 4366 
411 SW M ilita ry 
Jobs South Piocem t-nt Ser vice 
Attention norse lovers, goonie,g* far grooms, m ust have tra n tp u r lo tio n , ond be able lo re iu ca te 
Exp with horses renoired W erner 
Ranch, i l l J79 7952 
8 l o 5 only 
A utom obile an c a n d 't'o n e r ser v ite m o n w a nte d, e x p e rie n c e d 
Coll 716 4516 tar appt, 
AUTO PARTS CO UN TER M A N . needs 5 years ar m ore experience in accessory, wheel*, t il* * , aula p a r t* and h ig h p e r fo rm a n c e equipm ent 22<-474i 

BAG MACHINE MECH 
Ray 922-7711 123J SW M ilita ry 
Job E xp ert* Inc P lacem ent Ser 
•SI25 BOB TAIL SI5oWK 
Like ta d r iv e ' G reat N a tl Ca fringes Sherry B u rn* 
97] U s* 
411 SW M ilita ry 
Jobs South Placem ent Aor vice 
*47$ B u ild in g a tte n d a n t, no ex b i lie n e e , we ll tra in 1 11 s h ift, 
Coli Joe 732 7191 2$(M We*! Ave 
Jobs Nurtn, inc P igcem t Svc 
BU ILT UP ROOFERS 

GENERAL 
MAINTENANCE M AN 

Feimonent position with large established leal (stat* (empony 
Must have pickup ar VAN and be in goad physical conduit n Cad Dave 
Truckles: 474 99o' 

 k o s o u r & k & n * . 

■I A l'Od* - 54 VIARS Of T M fl 

PARTS MANAGER 
W ANTED!! 
For Country Ford 

D e a le r s h ip 

W ilt consider g o o d counter m an, ready to 
♦aka over D aportm ant 

CALL: 6 7 7 -8 2 o o 

Sr 

Jam us 7«4ondov e v e n in g * ta r special session* on how ta roach va ir goals C o unseling ahi) Ob nor'unities ai# yo u r* tai the ask 
■ng p .-1 tai appointm ents are be mg nit.de now ' 
As* t ta Pres 
145o ln»uraiic# » # C ................... 5788 
Reception**! 
......... 
H i ! - i . . 
- - 
_ 
. . . . . . . le g a l Bookkeeper 
5748 
May men and felt r qatar s / jj- e t i t 
G eneral Office 
,. 5528 
BURGLAR ALAR M IN S T A LLE R 

 mm ho $6oo 
G iege Sh! G o o d tv p i*li Phene 
SMEARS P E R S O N N EL SRV 
247 jackson K e ll im 

BOOKKEEPING 
Need parson copable of faking ta ll c h a rg e at b o o ks 
Nun s m o k e r please apply 18-12 H ill ,'<Je M anor 
1318 G ault Lune 518 t” >8*_______ 
Budget Clerk $45o 5>o HRht type p o s tin g e x p e rie n c e t a li C indy 
732 7191, 25o> West Ave 
Jobs N orth, In t P iucum t Svc 
•$4oo Casinet R e ceul'u m .t *$4u 
L ite ty p e + t ile ♦ *«»t v # ic e + 1 8 key Paul E ller 
923-4366 
41} $W M ilita ry 
■tub: South Placem ent Serving 
Casualty insurance agency need* auto rate cle rk 
Experience only need apply 349 I JVS 
___ 
C l e r k 
G reat oppty 
N o iin etc 
Typing *$$4 Can Dee 828 4494 New 
Day P e rson nel Conslts 941 NE 
Loop -nu Suite SU 
_ 

CLERK TYPIST 
B ilingual type $4 wpm Must have 
I d riv e r* license Can *74 it ta 

CLERK TYPIST 
W arehouse office post in ventory record* type cr de' * 5 day woad, 
IS 
Southern M oving A Star CHH* 
128 1292 
227 1261 
M i 
Han*«n 

AP 
AR 
. . . . . . 5*58 
Poruiepat Trainee . ,,,,5 * 5 8 
Oil A G a* Sect v 
........ 
*65o 
Sale* Sec 
*558 
CaH M aggie Shearer Irk 11*1 VIP 
P e rs o n n e l s e rv ic e . 1488 N E 
LOCM 418 Sud# SIO 
__ 
Key Punch IBM U t accurate experienced ce benefit* i$$e 
Cull Tush Tenant, 657 1123 
SN E LLIN G A SN E LLIN G 
Em u Svc 8283 Rough Rider 

LIBRARY OFFICE 
Goad sp e lle r' Type SO' M ust hove I yr office exp 
SPEARS PE R S O N N EL SRV 
287 ju cksun Keller 
828 1292 
N IM B I E WITH NU M BER S? 
A super nor inside com pany w ill be o b '# In U llin # y u n i a c c o u n t* mu, obi# receiva ble backg ro u n d to' ta n im m ediate need N e * OI lic e , new epp oi tu n ity and new ca re d aw ait* lite dependable in d ividua l F E I P A ID 
TO S*58 
Cull f rankle SmiM) *2* J H I 
VIP 
P n rs e n n e i s e rv ic e , 18o8 N I 
L oop 41o Suite 419_____ ____ __ 

 northside" 
Type acc tiles, phone* 
Sue *22 2 /H 1233 SW M ilita ry 
Job E xpel I* inc P lacem ent Ser 
O ffice ntpr su p e rvise !* a b ility Rook Keeping exp t urea* 
512,ooo c a ll Dick Rowel * 657 1121 
S N E L l ING A SN ELLIN G 
S ic 8283 Rouge R ider 
PBX RE C E PTIO N IS T 
N S* average typ in g fra u : PBA 
COH Ruth 
R ich A Assoc E m ploym e nt $rv 
6S4oA san P edro >16-86#I __ 

 needed im m e d ia te ly 
Good gov only those w ith b u rg la r a la rm axperignce need oppty l l s 1267 

~ CARPENTERS 
Residential construction 
349 35*4 
•*554 COUNT t_R PARTS *575 
Auto + Tru c k s M e c h a n ic a lly in d in e d Natl co 
Issue ta dep t* 1 in ventory Joyce Best 
923 434* 
4U SW M ilita ry 
Jobs South Placem ent Service 
Custom Fram e shop and a rt *tgi e needs young sett starter ta ti ume, sell etc Neat perxonabte a rtistic a n d m e c h a n ic a l!* in c lin e d 
F ra m in g e xp e rie n c e p re fe rre d but not necesspry For app' call 
126 21*2 
__________ 
•SIS# Deliver v 11ainee Il7$v*k 
Start tra in in g today I Need IO' A + 
Ce me Kelly 
923 436* 
413 SW M ilita ry 
Jab* South P lacem ent Service 

•DRIVERS# 
Panel, bobtail, tra c to r! SSS# 8*4 
JoAnn 824 o227 Jab P lacem ent* 
E m ploym ent Ser 531* San P edro 
E X P 
C O N C R E T E W O R K E R * cull 
824 967) between 
8 J44RW-4 3 
4 p m 
_______ 
E X P E R L IE NC CO 
H A IR 
DRESSER wanted Goad w o rkin g condition* 
Colt 
*86-3324 or 
644 2 
2 
2 
3 
_____________ 
I .p e r le n t ed fib e r g ig * w o rk e r* needed Apply Vesca P lo ttie s 1o2 
S Avenue A I i Deport, Tx Can c o lle c t 
/ t i i l l 41 *4 o i 
711 ta i I H I 
Egaat o p p ortunity em ployer 

F X P E R It N C E O O N L Y 
P ip # laver*, manhole build# ' anc: utiti- ty labor et * 824 2777 or 655 9536 

EXPERIENCED FITTER 
M as' have experience a* a title ', tot ladle* apparel shop E xcellent b e n e fit*, sa la ry open 
A p ply in p e rs o n M e n q e r S m a rt S hop. 
North Star M oll________________ 
E x p e rie n c e d c a rp e n te r* 
M u ll hove- truck and bv dependable, or p le a s e don I c a n 
N o rth e a s t 
Builders 349 4)91_______________ 
E x p e rie n c e d ta p e . M oat a n d p o in te r 
A il in ane 
M ust have tru ck and he dependable or don t call No rth east Budders, 349 4IIM 
E xperienced oM*et p re ** opera tar Apply 1214 West Avenue 
E x p e rie n c e d in s id e tr im 
■ a i deniers needed Cull atter x 
655 4118 
_____________________ 
E X P E R IE N C E D 
B E A U T V 
O P E R A T O R S A N D W O R K IN G 
M A N A G E R S w a n te d 
R e p ly to t xpi i* - * News Box 43/' S A 'iw v 7 

E x p e rie n c e d I y r r e s id e n tia l h e lp e rs need a p p ly in p e rs o n 
Bexar E le ctric Co ta te West Ay# 
An equal opp ortunity em ployer 
Exf?lttit»icfeb iuffvTTTOT 
TY C H ILE 435 7T23_________ 
Experienced After alien Cod* 
E xperienced Counter Help 
F u ll tim e position* A pply M prgon 
Cleone! * 923 t e ll___________ ___ f x r I k l' e' n C E D 
E q u ip m e n t 
O perator tai 9/7 Cat Loader We o rc un E q u a l O p p o rtu n ity t i n p lo v e r, p a vin g TH D e p a rtm e n t rote * Coll UT 9249_________ 
E x p a rie n c tii V ro ck 'Ultra S ervice 
Man, re le t ence* C lark T ira Co 
5521 S F lore * 924-4149 i x p i r A N K m U i o m ifft a lu T tom mad# sh irt* 826 1524________ 

Eip. I railer Mechanic 
F un g# benefit* good pay. stood* e m p lo y m e n t 
L u fk in T r a ile r * 
3343 Roosevelt Aye f i r * ! c ia ** auto gloss in s ta lle r needed re fe re n c e * and expe r 
•ence necessary 
$6 8o per hoar start apply 274o T ravis Houston, 
Tx or cull 71 3 52* 115o__________ 

FITTER SEAMSTRESS 
E x p e rie n c e d la d ie s o p p q re i 
E xce lle n t benefits Apply in per t o g . M enqer S m art Shop. N o rth 
Star Matt 
3 F ra m in g C a rpe nte r* 
Layout Men 
Col* otter sam 349 94*7 u o e ^ u rm tu re tu ueli up, exp e l te n e t in re p a ir* , *644, c a ll Jar 
732 1191, 25o1 West Ave 
Jobs N orth Inc P iacem t Svc 

•HAIRDRESSERS* 
W anted tai im m edia te opening* 
Cull Joe 656 3844 
-H A lF b R * T 5 'l I T 
• SI M77 
173 3258 
826 7931 

HAIRDRESSERS need 2 n o e l te n te d and sta b le hon d re sse r* im m e d ia te ly ta i es ta b iu h e d c lie n te le 
F a r t tim e , good h o u r* e xc e iie n i pay 
Com 
684 S II I and le a ve m essage p i 
674 4794 utter 5 
Wm I V Y I i L V m g i l E t'T x Pe. tent od Kstabh shed satan in net in central t A A rt Beauty Satan 444} 
McCullough 828 5152 
H o n sty I i. I 
( u t b 'o w sit ap 
•O'vcom m 878 VU85 343 87o9 

KEAVY EQUIP MECH 
*4 25 hi ♦ 
H y d rau lic esp 
Ruv 922 2/ 1 1 133J SW M ilita ry 
Job E Xpert* IMC P lacem en1 Set 
" " s r a f r ' W 
& T n n s s n — 
Need I today ’ More exp Mere 
Moue* 1 Ike Refly 
973 4346 f t J SW M ilita ry 
Job* south P lacem ent service 
I rn m e t o t ; 

 fXP. SHEET VINYL 
IND TILE WALLERS 
Mast have own tool* end transportation 
C E N TR AL FLOOR COVERING 
981o Bell ST 
653-4451 

 tn t Nuwkfcie to < Ski 
1% 
I 666 
I ANN!*! AND Nik*** 

 o p e n in g * e x p e rie n c e d ip w n m o w e r m e c h a m t a n d shop s u p e r v is e ' 
S a ia i y, i o m m is k io n b e n e fit* 
8331 B roadw ay 828 46/* 
I need a service m an who m iffy • sta n d s a n d co n r a lib i a te th a i m gsta ts an c o m m e rc ia l lo n g e s and equip Able bodied and ■ ap a bl# ot in sta llin g re sta u ra n t equip 
Thi* is a dei m a neoI tab w ith gaud pay and b e n e fit* ( to ta l) W rite le tte r g iv in g p a s t e m p lo y m e n t 
M d refe ren ce* PO Bas 918$ san 
Antonio Tx 28284 

Sixth Page 
Express-New s— Thursday, M a rch 3, 197/ 

614 - SKILLS • TRADES 
EIB FOOD PRIM SERVICES 
616 •Eooo-DBIH1K SERVICES 

Mechanic 
DIESEL TRUCK 
MECHANIC 

 lf you hove maintenance diesel repcir experience, you con earn our excellent income cmd our benefit program that includes 

★ paid heydays sir free income disability and retirement se excellent group insurance end sick 

-A- uniforms provided sh and more 

For excellent advancement opportunities, facilities and a steody challenging work, coll: 

2 2 6 - 6 1 6 7 

An {quai Opportunity Employe: 
M'F 

 quality flow of 

San Antonio s fastest grow ing restaurant bu sin e ss has im 

 m ediate opening for individuals w ith m a n a g e m e n t e x ­ 

 perience, preferably in fast food, lf you are lo o k in g for a 

 career with o dynam ic and progressive com pany, apply at: 
355 Spencer Lane 
Friday 1:3o p.rn.>7 p.m. 
Saturday 8 a.m .-1 2 noon 
Aft Equal Opportunity Em ployer 

62o HELP WANTED 
62o HELP WANTED 
MISCELLANEOUS 
62o HELP WANTED 
MISCELLANEOUS 

J 

ROUTE MAN 

Perm anent position for 

 m ature, responsible per- 

 on. 
ABC LINEN 
SERVICE 

43o3 West Commerce St. a m i m m i i i 

PART TIME 

PART TIME TELEPHONE SALES 

5 PM to 9 PM 

College, 
High 
School, 
M ilitary or 
Persons can earn up to $ 4 .o o per hr. calls from our office. 

Retired 
M a k in g 

N o Experience N e ed ed 
Free Porking 

C all M r, G re e n 
225-281o 

A n Equal Opportunity Employer 

CARRIERS WANTED 
SMALL BICYCLE ROUTES 
LARGE MOTOR ROUTES 
FOR THE SAN ANTONIO NEWS 
CAN EARN 
$5o TO $25o PER MONTH 
WEST SIDE AREA 

S. Laredo - N u evo - Vera C ruz - Buena V ista - A cm e - S.W . 4o th - S. Son 
Joaquin - D a h lg r e n - A ldom a - Sou th law n - Harrim an. 
Call now - can earn prizes - extra cash - movie passes - trips - tickets to local events, etc. For further information coll 
225-7411 Ext. 121 between 8 A.M. & 5:oo P.M. 

A n Equal O p p ortu nity Em ployer 

 f a u t o m o t i v e 
J [ ^ 
J 
- i r \ k / r t m 

FOREIGN 8PoRTSCA8S 
7o2-726 FOREIGN SPOBTSCAKS 
I 
1 / " ^ 

629 KELP WANTED 
MISCELLANEOUS 
BENCH 
TECHNICIAN 

H o ve o p ening for e x ­ perienced 
TV bench technician. 
Sa la ry op e n to qualified per son. 
Excellent co m ­ p a n y benefits 
Call 736-46o3 

IRON WORKER WELDERS tor p re co x! con cre te and steel erection Experienced only apply 
|8I9 Noqalitos 
' P A S T M IR E ! 
W arehouse-dri vers 
Forklitt-counter help 
R ich A Assoc. Em ploym ent Srv 
684oA San Pedro 426-o461 

JOIN THE BIGGEST 
Jot) Opportunity in Town 

T Y P IS T - S E C R E T A R Y 
S A L E S M E N 
O F F S E T P R IN T E R S 
Kn ow le d ge of Spanish. A pply in person U U West Ave 
(J I Licensed H air d re sse rs, with o r without following. Leon Valley oreo Coll for appl SBI I SSO 
L o a d e r a n d S c r a p e r d o e ro t o r with som e experien ce w illing to le om m ore 
7J3 981o, 
733 o1*? ta m 9pm__________________________ 

M A C H I N I S T 
A t least S y e a r s e x p e rie n c e in lathe and m ill work, apply in p e r­ son. G erlach Produ cts Inc. I?o1? 
Radium . Son Antonio 

J O g llL 

Help 
Wanted 

NEED 
ADDITIONAL INCOME? 

Need reliable distributor with own transportation to deliver daily morning newspapers In N.W. Bexar County 
(EM 1957 & 471 West) 
$3oo-$4oo NET PROFIT 
BOND REQUIRED 
2-3 Hours Per Day 
Call Neil Skillings 
225-7411, Ext. 13o between 
9:oo A.M. - l l JOO A.M. 
An Equal Opportunity Employer 

624 SITUATIONS WANTED 

Full Time 
BATTERY INSTALLER 

Experience installing auto batteries preferred. 5- d a y 
4o-hour week with paid vacation, 
9 holidays, and em ployee discount on purchases. 
Profit sharing retirement plan, group ho sp italiza­ tion and life insurance available. A pply: p erso n­ nel office. 

An Equal O pp ortu n ity Em ployer M /F 
Sears Central Park Store 

'private duty taking care of elder­ ly m an 234-7448 otter 3pm._______ 

 p r a c t i c a l H U r £ e would uke 
I? hr. duty. Would consider Itve-in with patient. Best of refernces. 
534-3535 or 973-o114_______________ 
Reg child care in m y home, close to U S A A and M edical com plex 
684-4721 

NORTH LOOP VOLKSWAGEN-BMW 

4 6 2 3 FR ED ERIC KSBU RG R O A D • A c t o s* fro m W o o d l a n d • 7 3 2 7121 

1977 VW RABBIT $ 
SUPER SALE 
3 3 9 8 

•Flus Tai, Title, license. 

7 1 VW 8eetl« only 
......................... 
‘ 1 4 9 5 
7 5 LAGRAND! Bug. Met Pue................. ’7 9 9 5 
7 4 CHEVY LUV Pickup 
7 6 BM W 2oo2 ............................ 
7 3 TOYOTA Wagon....................... 
7 5 VW tamper top Top.................. 
7 6 VW Convertible, Uke n e w ........... 
7 3 KARMAN Chia, 4-spd radio A air.. 

★ U S E D C A R S P E C I A L S * 
7 5 VW Rabbit, oir, AM TM, 25,ooo miles. 
7 5 RABBIT 19,ooo miles, air, radio...... 
74 VW Von, radio, titre clean............ 
7 3 SUBARU dean........................ 
73 VW Super, blue, 36,ooo miles........ 
7 o MNM 4 door........................... 
'68 VW Buq, automatic................... 
7 4 Vo1Vo, Nice........................... 

9 4 9 5 
6 8 9 5 
M 9 9 5 
* 5 3 9 5 
1 4 1 9 5 
* 2 2 9 5 

* 3 1 8 8 
? 2 9 9 5 
• 3 2 8 8 
• 1 7 8 8 
• 2 1 9 5 
. ‘ 1 6 7 o 
. * 8 9 5 
• 4 1 9 5 

EXTRA CASH 
$25o TO $3oo PER MONTH 

Deliver morning Express Routes before 6:oo a m. 

Austin Hwy, Broadway, Alamo Heights, McCullough, 

San Pedro and loop 41o areas. 

For information call 225-7411, 

 ext. 126 or nites 655-5675 

 an equal opportunity em ployer 

MACH OPR $2.65 
V ie 922-2711 1233 SW M ilitary 
Job E xp e rts Inc Placem ent Ser 
M A l K t e f t A k i r 
M X ll nit' klS a p t c o m p le x , m u s t be e x p e r ­ ienced, references required 
826-3231 

MAINI RtPAR $2.65 
Vie 922 2711 1233 SW M ilitary 
Job E xp e rts inc Placem en! Ser 

 m a n 'a A ? A" 6 E F $ e f P R f e s s 
O P E R A T O R tor prin t shoo E x ­ cellent incentive p a y p ro g ra m , v a c a tio n , h o sp ita lisa tio n , p a id h o lid a y s , d is a b ilit y c o v e ra g e 
M g m t a b ility a n d s m a ll offset p re ss exp rea d. Jiffy P re ss 226 
E. R hapsody 

616 FOOD DRINK SERVICES 
616 FOOD DRINK SERVICES 

N E E D P A I N T E R S : 
Call Att Aam Pete Bom 433-73o9 

OFFSET PRESSMEN 
O p e n in gs tor qualified p re sse rs fo r fo llo w in g e q u ip m e n t 
I -1 Ox I S ch iel, 11x17 M u lti a lso 
19x23 A T E , and 29" Com m ander, 
Per agon P re ss Inc 123 W E lm ir a, 223-1417, 

P A IN T E R H E L P E R 
Exper. perm., G o to w ork now! 
C A R C R A R Y , 8o3 N .AIom o 
. 
P o ritim e se rv ic e station often dont Anpiy 7334 Son Ped ro 

PIAIIT MAINTENANCE estab lish e d , flexible p a c k a g in g firm , p rin te r, la m in a to r, b a g m tgurer needs an exp production m achinery m echanic Electronic equip and lathe exp d e sira b le 
L o c a l re fe re n c e s, p e rm a n e n t, com p any benefits, s a io ry open , 
Coil la m tom 227 9481 

' p r e s s m a n ” 
P e rm a n e n t, e x p e rie n c e d on ly, I 
O tc k 36o p ia t e m a k e r. B o u rn I fold e r Ste ad y w ork, good b e n ­ efits Southern M usic. 226-8167. IO am 3pm. M r E p h ro ss 
K b b b o i l T 
S " m 
I W T o F T 
N E E D E D for ligh t m etal m a n ­ ufacturing pion! COH tor appoint. men! 926 8334 ask tor Robert 

ORALITY CONTROL 12K 
M ust rood blue print! Lead 
Production w o rk e rs' Supervise! 
S P E A R S P E R S O N N E L S R V 
3o7 Jackson-Keller 
ITS->79? w B E g r & l l l T i f t h A IA fo n d . t in n in g 
R e p a ir 
• 
S e r v ic e 
Sam 4:1opm top po sitio n Koel- w k it A ir 
C o n d it io n in g 
331o 
Copeland 2224384 
R rioters, exp only? xii nod and com p ro o fs, new c o n s t r u c t io n C o ll atter 4PM . 732 8433 

' ------ 34o6 K p u t f V r W i ’tl too------ 
Good sales esp or m ech inclined 
Paul Ewer 
923-4344 
411 SW M ilitary 
Jobs South Placem ent Service 
Service Station M echanic ne od M . 
A p p ly in p e rso n , 3o27 N o c o g dot tles rd 
Sew ing line assem bly, l f ? week. no exper ie nee. ce wit' tram you, 
COH Cindy 712 2191. H O I 
W est 
Ave 
Jobs North, inc, Plocem t Svc 
Sm ith F in ish e r's experience only 
334-8873 
I 

*32o8 Superintendent )2SoWl/ 
K itowledae et estim ates a s well es su p e rvise the lob A O Ce With m any benefits re future I M u st be 
IM lin g ' Sherry B u rn s 
923 4344 
41) SW M ilitary 
Jobs South Placem ent Service i K I U ” r i l P 
I U T E l * " a n d 
Helpers. 341 7433 or 1411141 otter 
8 '38pm 
~ngAHTgg reW»TOTgt7— 
E X P E R I E N C E D 
M A IN T E N A N C E P E R S O N with in o «*ledge al air conditioning and heating Also need maid and porter tor toro# opt complex 
69o H IO tV A H T f P Be*, denim ! o' . rondT 
H o n in g s e r v ic e m # c h n # n ic 
Steady SI week year round work 
G ood frin ge benefits E xce lle n t b p p o rtu n ity w ith bood fu tu re 
Ser vie m b I motor brand at equip m en! tor e sta b lish e d co m p an y 
M u st be qualified lo service cen 
Ira) air conditioning units 
341 r u t 

We are accepting applications M r em ploym ent M f experienced OS 
A D Clerk Applicants should have p l leos! I ye a r exp with m eter c a r r ie r . 
I y e a r in O S A 
D 
P rodu cer Applicant m ust furnish a resum e »f exe end solar y ex p e e le d A d d r e s s y o u r re p ly Ie 
A la m o E x p r e s s . inc 
P o Box 
18747. Son Antonio ZRZt* 
Mio I d e r m e e k ie in s t a ll tru c k m ounted equip M u l l hp ve own tools A lso neod H yd raulic Plaid 
Service mon. will be reb to travel and wdl work on H yd raulic truck equip Apply 141 Gam bler Pood or 
Coll 114 1931 

K U H S 
Vie tit ti ll IT I) SW M ilitary inn E x se rt* Inc PMC em tnt Soc w H l f l 
A l i e H I M g - T n g p 
E R A K E 
W O R K , 
E X P E R 
I E N C E D B e a r W heel A lig n in g 
1422 N Color ado 
4 I L t 6 H ’M T E 8 H A V i 6 W t i n e L O O P 418 S U IT E IM E 
__________ S I? 3o9-1411 

Sib FOOS GRIM SERVICES 

A apii r elfenTdreTw m g1 M R - M e r I 
• W A IT E R S 
• R E I IE P B A R T E N D E R 
• P U L L T IM E C A S H IE R 
•H O ST or H O S T E S S 
M u s t be e x p e rie n ce d a n d have local work references N o others n e e d a p p ly B JI S A la m o fre e r entrance) M o m 4pm 

NOW ACCEPTING 
APPLICATIONS 
FOR CAR HOP 

Apply in Person at 

Frontier Drive-In 
1462 Austin Hwy. 

Betwpen 2-5 p.nt. 

RELIEF CASHIER 
Top salary, free parking, 24 hour fam ily restaurant E A R L A B E L S 
42oo Broadw ay 
R E S T A U R A N T 
M A N A G E R 
T R A IN E E 
Som e college and restaurant ex- perience preferred Apply in per son for interview to the Stockm an 
R e s ta u ra n t C o ro , 4o9 E 
Com m erce St,, between IO om and ? pm. A sk M r M r Reogon_________ 
Restaurant M an age r wanted E x perience d esired bul no! n e c e s­ sary. Send complete resum e to P 
O Box 1139. New Braunfels Sm o kehouse. 
New 
Braunfels. 
Tx 
7813o 

E xp e rie n ce d desk clerk needed im m ediately N C R 4?o, Austin Hil­ ton Inn, Coll 451-5757 for inter­ view 
Experienced only need apply______________ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ 
FINANCE COMPANY” 
Field Representatives Credit and a p p r a is a ls , g o o d s a la r y I co r allowance C ar necessary Retire m ilitary accepted Coll M r. Willis 
223-721 I __________________________ 

FULL OR PARTTIME 

S73 ISO P E R W E E K 

_ 
CALL: 341 22o5 _ 

GIRLS GUYS 
START WORK TOOAY! 
TRAVEL ENTIRE USA 
; Have opening* M r I to travel and work with group. Transportation fu rn ish e d 
E a r n in g s to he dis- 
| c u sse d at in te rv ie w T r a in in g 
{ program with expenses paid Ad 
I ve n tu re lob w ith ra p id a d v a n 
] cem ent. M u st h a ve so m e h ig h 
I sch o o l a n d free to trave l. F o r p e r s o n a l in t e r v ie w , se e M r 
Batckburn today at H olid ay Inn 
I D o w n to w n , lo o m til 4pm 
N o 
, phone C a lls Pleose. O nly those who can leave im m ediately need apply 

WANTED NOW 
BARTENDRESSES 
WAITRESSES 
• Top Salary 
• Guar anteed raises 
• Paid Vacation 
Tiffany 
338 Valley Hi Dr. 
Call Vicky, 673-5117 
(qual Opportunity Employer 

T E A R O O M M A N A G E R 
Need experien ced m a n a g e r tor g r o w in g t e a r o o m b u s in e s s . 
223 I M I between 9 a rn.-I p m , 
M onday F rid a y 
W A lV E fc i' 
W A IT & fc S iE S ----- o p p ly 1-Som M o n F rl. I J I 'i S 
Broadw ay C A F E M IC H E L IN O w A T T fefesI N I E T O S a * ' N u t 
C R A C K E R C L U B 7)21 Son Pedro apply l-J M on F rl 

Combination Evening 
M A N A G E R A 
W A IT R E S S 
Experience, 
Honest and dep endable 
N e e d only apply 

Pot A G la d y s 

C o f f — 
S h o p 
7814 Goliad Rd. 

 a too professsioii - be a m asseuse. we train B ig pay. good locale 
C om 637 3724 ofter IS M a w 

BUS BOY NOON SHIFT ’ 
K A R A M S 111 N Z arre m o ra t u t Roy or b u s G irl wonted l i t 
North Sior Mott. L o Puente M e x ­ ican Restaurant i 'A * t i l # F 
M b 1 t o d W T 1 1 
H E L P , a d v a n c e m e n t p o ssib le , part time and full tim e p e rm a n ­ ent, good disposnon. easy smile. frie n d ly e n v iro n m e n t a p p ly in person 2 4 em M onday Saturday. 
Sea Island Shrim p House, tit W 

Woman Kitchen Worker m o r n i n g s h i p t 
K A R A M 'S 111 N Z orrom oro 

Y o u n g M in d e d 
W A I T E R S • W A I T R E S S E S 
Apply In Person 
V a l e r i o 's R e s t a u r a n t 
183o B ro a d w a y _______ 

Y o u n g M in d e d 
W A I T E R S • W A I T R E S S E S 
Apply In Person 
V a l e r i o 's R e s t a u r a n t 
383o B r o a d w a y 

Wanted 

Rector o cross from 
M oil 
N orth Stor 

CASHIER it or over, I to m lp m Tues Sot 
A p p ly •« p e rso n on ly I lp m at 
USo4 West Ave Bot O Restaurant 

CASHIER 
18 or ever, Ibom lp m Tues Sot 
A p p ly in p e rso n piny 7 lp m at 
135o4 West Ave B a r O Restaurant r m n n m n 
^ u i m 
* 
W O R K E R S e v e n in g s a n d w e e ­ kends with possible full time this sum m er Texas Best B B G 8441 N 
M cCullough______________________ 

COCKTAIL WAITRESS 
N e e d e d T b u r s 
P el a n d S a l 
N igh ts B IT S A P I E C E S C L U B . t i ? ? Son P e d ro 
141-8148 atter 
4 94 Pete oi D ave f C T V " T T H ~ n k t T R t f » AHT) 
E A R T E N O E R Ie w ork in south side s finest disco 9?7 *44) ask M r 
Henry 

WY WU NIGHT 
HOSTESSES 

DAY TIME 
WAITRESS 
M u st be experien ced with good references lo p wages Apply in p e rs o n to B ill S te p h a n s. M Y 
P L A C E R E S T A U R A N T Blanco OI 
L U M 414 
B I T R W Z T H t f f " B a s se tts i i i I 
Austin Hwy 4 ?? M I ? 

EXPERIENCED CHEF 
W AI T E R I A N O 
C O CK T A IL W A IT R E S S E S for new F lin c h style restaurant 
Cad 124 3541 loam 4 lo M on P ri 
4«ty 
I 
O ur newly rem odeled P i aud Bull 
Restaurant now hiring 
E X P E R IE NC B O O N I Y 
C O O K S 
W A IT R E S S E S 
B U S B U Y S 
D IS H W A S H E R S 
'liter n e w tom 4 3opm M on Pr» 
T R A V E L L O D G E 
IEO V II L IT A 
A lso APbd motel M A ID S 
P i ! lu M o ro In kin g o p p llta llg n s 
M r part lim e aby shift m ust have transportation 
Cali 431 IS4S M r appt 
M A U to u t W AN I AC 
IM IM I IX PPI SS NI WS l l 
CALL J I E - >446 

62o 
• 
Hem 
Miscellaneous 

AL A M O re,nu 
H iring im m ediately 
I person for recycling center ond w arehouse 
M u st be neat, d e a n ond a ggro s 
SIVB 244 o111 42oo West Ave 

APPLIANCE 
E A R N IN G S TO SS2o 
Due M expansion we have ooen m gs M r skilM d and unskilled peo­ ple in the appliance field Com pony will train 
N o exparianca 
I n a ce sso ry . 

342-5227 
Apt com m unity se cu rity guard. 
( m ature, retired with m ilitary or 
! low enforcement experience. 
937-AEBI. 
A s s is ta n t M a n o o e r, a fte rn o o n shift M ust be experienced in all 
; Phases of pickup station and com 
I la u n d ry 
A p p ly ?29 C m e in natl j tram 9 2o 14AM 
Attractive escorts needed 
I 
244-1113, 384-113S 
Blini 
226-23o3 eCASHItRSe 
Putt or port time! 32 JO hr upl 
Bitt 424-4227 Job Placem ents 
Em ploym ent Ser 5)14 Son Pedro 
C A i i f l t R S port lim o or full time 
S I St par hour, apply to Stop 'N Go 
M a r k e t s N o 944. 1 )4 N 
N o w 
Braunfels 
No oxperienco 
I n ot b t f r y . 
'null u lt * 'Hic our em s on vaca hon or work elderly convalescent i cora. roM rences. transportation 
I 341-7942 
— c w i u n m 
' M u n i t — 
H o lt yourself financially, while helping others earn extra income 
Cod 241-7944. between 3-7pm 
("■tv deliver, apart. Alcan*#, exper tenet brin es top SS, need 4. coil 
John. 712 lift , 2391 W est Avo 
Jobs North. Inc. Floe em I Svc 
CLERK-INVENTORY ~ 
E a rn that extra m oney you d bk* to hove All you need it a food w o rk in g k n o w le d g e of sim p le moth nod be obM tg w ork early m ornings C a rte r position ovailu 
PM after trow ing and xx per tear* 
M u s t be 14 a n d h ig h s c h o o l g ra d u a te 
S t a r t s at l l 5o a n d hour Apply in perspn IO to lpm or 
Cell 249 $137 
W ashington In v g n M ry Service 
4924 Vantage Or Suite I4 IB 
Son Antonio Texas 
IN 14 ond Cuttogho'i Rd m f i i W j 
D o s e r n e ttle d It r d u x c d r * renter, a fte rn o o n * only i day week Apply t i l t Jackson Keller 
I EE. 

DANCF INSTRUCTOR 
Cody with som e tro w in g needed n o w - Will train ' Phan# 43*7945 
Oispelc her using I wey 

Steady Em ploym ent, s i on hour I start 333 S il l 
IM M E D IA T E 6 P E N IN G for yord m a n w ith so m e e x p e rie n c e in m a in te n a n c e . M u s t h a v e ow n transportation Coll 341 8248 

IMMEDIATE OPENINGS 
19 T R A IN E E S 
N ew o p e n in g s tor So n A n to n io , 
{ residents lo work with our hydro i filler M ust be l l y rs or over with i m inim um I yr residence Full or part lim e a v a ila b le N o e xp e r- , j tenet necessary 
C A L L 342 3224 
' »6. M j f t H - W C H 6 > e it 
Quality now, earn and learn 
GO A R M Y 212-4811 or 433-o492 
[ 

JOIN THE BIGGEST 
Job Opportunity in Town 

T Y P IS T 
S E C R E T A R Y 
S A L E S M E N 
O F F S E T P R IN T E R S 
Know ledge of Spanish. A pply in person I I H West Ave 

KENNEL WARDEN 
W ho loos Anim als 
R o o m , B o a r d o n d S a la r y 
N o 
Drinking, good for retired person 
43? 7431 (9a rn M lln o o n ) 435-1441 I ll o rn 5 p m ) 
I L~A O lE f H t F B t 't T J hours dot 
Iv. 3 day week $75 Stanley Hom e 
Produts inc . 333 leap_______ 
L a d ie s, ftolts e x p e rie n c e d N S location 
M o rg a n 
C leaners 
933-4811 
M a in t e n a n c e m o n w ith la r g e a p artm e n t com p lex P lu m b in g, 
. in ii n oi and heating experignce e s s e n t ia l 
L o c a l r e t e r g n c e s required 
Apt turn. 
Apply 
114 
Van derhetk 
KToTnT# n o n c e M o n needed " for la rg e N o r t h n d e apt co m p le x 
Only experienced owplv St IO wk to stort ond review atter 4o days 
4444 C o u n try V illa g e (fo rm a lly 
Cindy L a ne) 
M a k e I x t i o M o n e y Hit o w in g evening new s routes M ik e Halt, 
5)4n i l P ie d and Cai area f f W R t s i a 'en H 43 tor per m an i en! yard ond general duty work w ith la r g e apt. c o m p le x 
No drifters or drinkers. Apply IM 
I V A N O E R H E C K 

MECHANIC TRAINEE 
Basic M ots! 3? JO an hr i m * 
JoAnn 414 o137 Job P 'urom onts 
E m ploym ent S tr J IM Son Pedro 

MOTEL CLERK 
I E ld e rly , re tired, so b e r p e rso n need apply 
4S4J 
H ighw ay 
VO 
West 

P E R S O N W H O W O U L D L I K E 
G O O D S P A R E T IM E IN C O M E 
N E E D E D T O T E S T M O N E Y 
M A K IN G P L A N . Send short lefter or resum e to E x p re ss New s Box 
! No 4324, 78297 
| 
Pest Control d'irm needs kelpers, m ust hove transportation to ond from w ork. references required 
■ and m ust be bondable m inim um wage. Coll 343 2441 _________ 
P lu m b in g m aterial price clerk 
Port time. m ust hove recent e x­ perience. 424-2331 or 824 4o47 
— p b 5 d u c t i o n p a c k e r s — 
Need 3! good co. Coll B ra d for fast hire 
Rich A A ssoc Em ploym ent Srv I 
484oA Son Pedro *26-o64! 
S t T IR E D C O U P L E F O R M G M T self-service storage w arehouse in 
S E San Antonio Solory-t-apt ond utilities furn. 2 d ays off For m ore details call 826-1692 
" 
U R IT Y O F F IC E R S ------- in t e llig e n t, r e s p o n s ib le 
I n ­ dividuals required for uniform ed se cu rity. M e n or w om en. C o m ­ m ission-experienced preferred. 
A P A R T M E N T J O B S Of S A 
828 9194 
E m p lo ymont consultants 

SECURITY OFFICERS 
IO oort lim e officers M r weekend a ssign m e n ts only Apply in per- I son Ioom -4pm M -F , 419 S M a in 
I Suite 336 
: 
Shod lee distributors, full or part 
; lim o . v it a m in s a n d fo o d s u p ­ plements. the healthy way of UM 
349 4211, 341 4794_________________ 
Shakier N atural Vitam ins, spare 
B time soles b usiness 644-434o 
Students and teenagers wanted to se ll flo w e rs on stro e t c o r n e r s after school ond w eekends E x ­ cellent e arnings and bonuses, no exper to nee necessary will tram 
461 3o39. 

TELEPHONE SOLICITOR 
A la m o H e ig h ts area, d ay shift 
Coll 814-434o ( 9am lp m ) 

7o1 ANTIG O COLLECTORS 
TfTfTs^ncTcSuJeciaTTTjutorTeTy re sto ra b le , o rig in a l co n d itio n , i 3393 349-o628 after noon_________ 
1938 Chevrolet pickup, orlgonoi, 
.new m otor, new fire s, p e rfe ct body, 31.3oo 434 o993_____________ 
: 1951 C h e v y B O E L A ir. P o w e r 
Glide, original 393o 634 4o49 
'36 C h e v y B e la ir 2 d r. se d a n . 
322oo. M u st see to believe. Call 
Diane 349 3928 before 6. 342-8o29 ofter 4__________________ 
1934 C H E V Y C la s s ic H a rd to p , j 
Pow er windows, power steering 
345o or best otter 435 5487, 
44 Corvoir M a n ia . 4 door, bucket 
! seats. rebuilt engine. 
$45o. 
| 474-o848 
43 C o rvo ir M o n ro con vertible, needs minor- m e c h a n ical w o rk; 
9oo<i body ond top. Call 435-1448. 
5* Edset P a ce r 4 dr hardtop 
333o Coll 423 2321 ____________ i 1944 ? 6 r O. 2 door sedan. 1941 
T B IR D , both Oil original. $1,895 for both, 733 1333 
, 4* ^ 6 « " Y H ( n i B ,K 8 fc ih b ,'u T i 
'oow er. w indows, scats. A m tape d e c k. E x c e lle n t c o n d 
$123o. 
I 828 3331 or 828 2959. 
' ------------------31 F O R D ------------------- 
V IC T O R IA Hardtop 
Best otters. 714-539o 
P R IV A T E P A R Y V S E L L IN G 
I J or hath C A D IL L A C E L D O R A D O 
Convertibles. 1974 D y n a sty red, white top. white leather interior. 
1971, very light yellow, white top, white leather interior Both mint condition 344-7122 for additional information 
19o S L M e rc e d e s, 1961 
W hite, candy red hard'op. new block soft top E x te n siv e m e c h a n ic a l re s­ to ra tio n in c lu d in g c o m p le te b ra k e s, front end 
N e e d s som e body restoration but ru n s ve ry well $37oo firm 
72o-2444. eves. 
633-1o42. s"f A P T T O t 6 ? K'iluft A N t 6 M 6 
U S E D 
IN 
B A T T L E 
O F 
P L O W E R S P A R A D E . 1973 R E D 
W IT H W H IT E T O P C A D IL L A C 
E l D O R A D O C O N V E R T IB L E , 
A L L E X T R A S , 16,ooo M I L E S , 
L A S T O F A K IN O , S A C R IF IC E 
$19,3oo 224 3289 
$9 T R -i d o od cond , extra p a ris 
SUSQ or otter. 484-8244 

71o FHI_ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ 

'73 Fief 124. M ust Sell! T a kT o ve r paym ents. 696-7498 or 226-4164. 
■74 F IA T 128 SL, clean a s new 
A m lm 4 speed. air. Gold, tan In terlor, low ml. $1893. 458-o391 ; 
658 OHS eves.____________________ 
76 F IA T 124 Spider Convertible 
Loaded, low miles. 224-3836 days, 
828-834o eves. 
7! F IA T 85o S P ID E R . A M F M . radials, needs som e w ork 
$3oo 
732 6291. 
_______________________ 
71 F IA T Sp o rt 85o. good solid transportation, financing a v a ila ­ ble 3693 224 441o__________________i 
75 F IA T 174 Spyder, a m t rn ster ! eo. oir, new Michelins. M otor Syl yester, 721-5M4; 
49? 236? eves, weekends 
7 2 F IA f * fo Tlibn w a g o n ,* V t,ck I shift, air. *993 923 4334 
73 * I A T W A G O N . S new tires, new point, a m lm , 4-soeed. best 
Offer. 494 4721 

711 HOUDA_ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ 

^ 2 4 ^ o m T o 7 T v lc !^ ir"^ d in lr r s p ^ excellent cond. 673-2828 
76 H O N O A C IV IC H A T C H B A C K 
Auto, Radio, Air, ...............$3295 
T O M B E N S O N IM P O R T S 
96oo SA N P E D R O _______ 341 1356 
•71 H O N D A ie d o n , com p le te ly overhauled. *993. 655-oo96 

712 JAGUAR 

T S T J T T r r r r 
24oo mi , on power. A M F M stereo, blur with red interior. Excellent condition 
$8493 696 7339 
J a g u a r X K E , 
73 C o n v e rtib le 
29,4oo ml. Yellow, black interior 
Air, e xce lle n t co n d itio n $7$oo 
432 245318 4 p m 
658 8o22 ofter 3 re* X K E Coupe, good condition 
828-o491. Atter 4. 824 o719. 

7 14 
M 
A 
Z D 
A _______________ 

"M ^ o T d T ¥ 7 4 'u ^ ^ m u S ,^ 7 r ^ e o r 

7o2 726 FOREIGN SPORTSCARS 
H illm a n M in x '44. 4 d r se d a n 
Stand. $395 733-1411 712-2444 

TIRE SALES 
Som eone with past sales e x p e r­ ience In the retoil selling of tires, m ust also be able change tires i l l M IO 

TOP NUTCH 

7o4 AUDI 

T le re o T ve ry 
..cm 323oo 494-1o37 

7o5 HUSTIS_ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ 

 r e rtT u stm F h ra h rv T p n R r^ eng , b o d y a n d tire s e x c e lle n t cond 
311oo. 653 o142, otter 5 
349 ooo3 
I 

7o6 BMW 
J i jrvoj T f ! a u ! ^ 7 a r ! ! u l! » m a in ta in e d 
E x c e lle n t c o n d 
148oo O r Y oung: 342-32o1 days: j 
693 9124 eves. 
---------------------I M W --------------------- 
B A V A R IA I O. 4 door Sedan Like new $39oo 347 1842 
71 BM W . J o. 4-door sedan. 43.6(5o 
! mi Excellent cond 494-7J87 
73 B M W i o. 4-dr. Sedan 41.4)oo ii., excellent cond 494 7347 

7o7 CAPRI_ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ 

74 c i p f t i ' 2ooo 
A ir . A M F M d e lu xe in te rio r. 4 -so d , u n d e r 
73,ooo m r E x c e lle n t con d. '77 logs S29So, 341-1866 
74 Capri 2.4. aula., air, low miles 
O w n e r t r a n s fe r r e d 
M u s t se ll 
A S A P ! See ond m ake offer Call: 
6S4 m s 
74 Caon. oulo air, A M P M ster­ eo. vinyl top S2I93 69o it23 
71 lo u r ! )ooocc 
4 spd m o a s. wide tires Ave retail STISO, ask- 
: m g $1o95 633 53o3 

I 7 6 Capri ll, V4. 4 spa . air. pow er s te e rin g . A M F M , v in y l ro o t. 
111.ooo ml 
Excellent cond. 
I s t u n * . 
'ft Capri, 7ooo mi « speed. an. 
Take oyer balance on note 
434 e m 
T T T T W T i W r * s p i. J : oir, ex- cedent condition 444 o84k 
76 C A P R I, Standard 
Air 31495 341 3913 
76 ta p n . V t air, power slterm g. 

 bum per 26,ooo ml 32193.698 1414 
‘73 M o Id a 
N ew tire s, low mi 
Looks, ru n s good <1293 or best otter, I 357-3963, 1-357-9931 
7 3 M H b A b x : ------------- 
2 door, autom atic.Coll 734-6363 
73 M artin RX-2. R otary eng , ex- cellenl cond. SI SJO. 474-17o2 
73 
M A i o r t t x i 
A / A 6 6 h 
4 sp e e d , o ir, s h a r p ! ! 
L o w p a y m e n ts , a s s u m e b a la n c e 
L E V IN E , 222 o944 
74 m A z OA. R ^ 4 wagon, take up paym ents, no equity, call Ernie. 
22? 4411 
74 R X 4 W A 6 6 n Clearly p e rte r'' 
32ooo 828 4o11 eves 

715-MERCEDES GENZ 

SOLICITOR 
E x p e rie n ce d telephone solicitor tor 
S o u th sid e o tfice . h o u r s loom 7pm or 59pm Cad between 
9 1 ? M on S n M rs Fester 223-6319 

WANTED 
T ire c h a n g e r 
P u ll tim e w o rk, m ust have own tra n sp o rta tio n , ond neat appearance 641 133o 
W ont H u sk y L o ca l P a rt or full limo College Student truck driver 
Com m ercial license No Sm oking 
G ood P a y 
F IS H E R S. MSO N E 
I Loop 41o 

WAREHOUSE WORKER 
Som e experience, over 23. com m erciol license, able to drive H i ton bobtail. 5 d a y w eek, so m e 24.ooo m r S29oo. 434-3261 re p u M r overtim e. *2 43 on hour 
74 C o p rl.V 6. 4 speed. A M F M 
Irin g # benefits H ig h sch o o l ar ro u,o, $1995 424-1333 atter Jam e q u iv a le n t 
P o l y g r a p h e x a m 
— 
....... 
— 
■— — 
» required Apply rn person Don $ & 
Ben s Office. W est A ve at Loop 
41o. ask tor W ayne Wyatt 

CLASSILY STYLED 28o S L 
197o fully equip 4 dr Sedan Gun 
Metal grey with unique white vin vl top 4S) 3179 

‘72 M E R C E D E S B E N Z 
2SoC 2-door, outo, air, all pow e r 
C ar is completely original 4o.ooo mi call John Shmo, 349-6391 
1974 M l-R C t: D E S 23o 
C A L L 494 3948__________ 
7 ) M erced es iW l f L * 3, >8 OOO m r. im m aculate D a y s; 336 3*43. eves: 474 1o34 
71 M ercedes 24o S E M in i cond . loaded O nly 37,ooo m ile s W ith j 
Service record $5993 Before 7 I 
P hi.: 424 2544; offer 7: I $69-4944. ask for Fran k 
64 A^ercoctos i i O S i 71,ooo m i gray-red Two tops, new co n ve r­ tible toe. upho lstery, point E x ­ cellent cond 
$63oo 
494 18o1 or ! 
6*4 2*27 
7 4 T I f g ? E &fc* U b i--------- 
24,ooo m i S u n ro o f, cruise, ob solulelv like new 
$423 SA N P E D R O 
7)4-64o$ 
493 177J I 
4o M E RC E b f S ?44l. very good 
; condition, air, extras, am lm . re- i d in in g seats. $19oo 69o o4o4 
K f l B t o H M v iM T S ff'f i 
M E R C E D E S B E N Z Sales Service 
1*2o S A N P E D R O 
7)4 2243 I 

LARGEST SELECTION OF 
NEW A USED VOLKSWAGENS 
A HONDAS IN SAN ANTONIO 
***U S4D CAR SPECIALS*** 

12 MONTH OB 12,ooo M IU M K N * V U 
INSUtANCf AWAK­ 
ABLE ON MOST UMC CADS N O M MOT OKS WSUBANCI COBK. 

7 7 S C IR O C C O fawn, with saddle in* ariot. 
4 speed, ntr tonditionad, 
A M /fM statu e, aluminum wheel*, liras, 3,3oo mi las. latail SA3oO . . 
*5725 

76 VW RABBIT diHoaed, brawn, OM*oruofk, 
AM /FM air ton- 
Still in 

7 5 S C IR O C C O S t e A b i W I T . track fta- 
•ad air 
Con­ 

 roe, 33,ooo miles 
75 LOGRANDE BUG V3JRT 
4 cylinder, sun root, ro- 

 spaed. 
75 TR 7 SSTtm JKTT:so.cSJot'di.4 
75 FORD MUSTANG ll r8o<K transmission, pawer steering. pawer brakes, air conditioned. radio, white sidewalls, aulae control, A M / TM stereo, 
37,ooo milos.. 
75 COMET GT 

*385o 

*4o95 

*2795 
*5195 

V4, transmission. steering, power brake*, air coedit radio, wirWe sidewall*. A M /TM I t a c o 

 ovto- powac condltionad, 

AM -7M Staraa o w n e r................. 

*3195 

*3195 
*3895 

74 DASHER t in t X Z d:.a'r 
*2895 
74 SUPER BEETLE air condlfhmad, tun roof, $#/LA C 
1o,ooo m ile s .............................................. A D V S 
74 AMC £ rr~ d £ w.. 7 *rr: 4 ........*165o 
74 PINTO 23T*.4 r * 4 . v,n: .. *175o 
73 VW JST "*:....!**•'................*1895 
72 VW BEETLE !LH,4 
*1695 
72 vw van 'r J z r x 'Z & A r r 4: 
*2595 
7 2 VW 411 SEDAN Z X iJ L 

75 SOROCCO s^nt, 

34,ooo miles blue. 4 spaed. 
7 o VW BEETLE 
7 o PORSCHE 914 

’1795 
*1195 
‘2695 

DON’T MISS OUR LOW NBW CAR PRICES! 
I VOLKSW AGEN/ 
HONDA 

13oo S.L Military Dr. (N«xt to Mission Chavrolbt) 
G M AC FINANCING 
MIC INSURANCE 
9 2 4 - 6 5 1 6 

M 
I S 
S 
I O 
N 

THE 
FAMILY 
CAR GOES 
SPORTY. 

The Toyota Corolla 
Liftback Deluirlt's th« fomily tor with enough room to fit 2o full bags of groceries, ond a price fitted to your family budget. Plus exciting 
Corolla performance and styling. It’s the practical fomily cor tho! brings bock the fun in driving. 

Standard Features: 

Welded unitized body construction, fold-down split reor sect, MocPher- son strut front suspen­ sion, power front disc brokes, steel-belted radials, reor window defogger, ond more. 

MARCH SPECIAL 

ALAMO TOYOTA 
514 N X LOOP 41o rn ACROSS RO M AJfPOKT • 

8 2 8 - o 7 2 3 

NORTH LOOP VW 
SUBARU, INC. 
4623 FRED. ROAD 
732-7121 

SU B A R U 

1977 

COMI 
SII ONE OE 
TMI FASTEST SOUNG IMPORTS 11 
1977 SUBARU 
STO. MOOQ5 situ 
AT ECONOMY M K E 
*3,164*** 
GUE ATER SAVINGS O N 
ALI NEW 1976 SU&ARUS 
A DEM OS IN STOCK 
12-MONTH UNUMITID MILEAGE 
WARRANTY 
•HW. im m u *hD HOU VI 

718 MG 

Ste re o 925 447 1 (4 4) 344-9443 le v e l) I *99 25111 weekend* I 
'74 C opr I. V i, air, auto!. 

7o8 cofivrm 

 iT T T T S I W T T f 
$3oo 
Pull ar Port time 
Weekly lo o k in g g ir l * fg tra in a * m u * t u t * * * b e a l g o o d lob. g r o a t w orkm u condition* For oppl Call 
492 1994 

4$; *$29 ll I U l l i n l l Moir. power th er- 
Good ling. u-ofher infer tor radio, 327, 

622 DOMESTIC 

14.4o4 mi $45oo J49-424I; 24) 7*14 
T T * I T o A v T m 
' T ^ ” i 3 7 n to te d . $4244 C o o l G u t*. M on doluh 634 4«21 E x ! I l l 
IO C o r y e ll# C o n v e if 'b le 
____________ 
I h g rd lo p . a ll p o w e r, 2! 
I (Per lent ell bobvvifit r wirii ref \ J J 2*oo/5 a ftV 224*o764 * * * tor 4 wk old in m y hom e NW near 1,2 oo''4' 
4 
M edical Center 42? 47o9 
Mom st a* u, ,7dof> t hnuvekeeper 
734-2373 Pele Voequet oner 4 
Houtekeeper- 

o H P , 4 b fie r. 

ROBINSON'S 
SPOUTS CARS 

7 4 V 2 
-• 

74 

74 

 m b . — 
64 4 9 5 

 fur im lore* b *3695 

JTZm ‘4295 
• y r MG Mdp t Mn 
' ^ (M N tm—, rWi'i 
•4 H im. 
‘3o95 i t s im, min 
• pmyt Bap, 
‘36oo 
* 
Mony erhaf mat; et 
A meOett fa choate from tempi.** genii PAMTfNMlI b,pi 
B N I BROADWAY 
IT B I JRO 

 coak, I genflem on vm oll a p a rtm e n l, m u tt d riv e 
N ft Section 342 IST* 

LIVE IN HOUSEKEEPER 
D e s ir e r e t p o n t ib le E n g l it h s p e a k in g la d y w ith d r i v e r '* license. Castle H ills lam ily with children ll, 7 and 5 Private roam, t ic salary. 244 *842 offer 6 JO pm 

T sT o T v e t t , 'CMiVfe a T T iT r 
M ust sell 22? 1)4? 
I i C e r v e iie L e a d e d , aet tad cond $7*34 244 744$ otter 9 
I i I 
C o r v e lle 

TS! 

NEW CAR SHOWROOM 
OPEN 9 A.M.-9 P.M. 
SEE THE ALL 
NEW '77 VOLKSWAGENS 
3 Year/5o,ooo Mile 
Warranty Available 

U S E D V O L K S W 
A G E N S 

76 TOYOTA 25t.fi; . E S 
‘3995 
*5895 
*2995 
*2595 
‘3895 
‘1975 
‘1595 
‘2395 

 ntlleegt 
76 VW BUS automa he, air, redte, ape awner. 
75 VW SUPER oir, AM/EM. 14,ooo m U ei.... 
74 VW SUPER bir dman.............. 
/4 VW BUS 7-bbMawger, tlenderd. redle.... 
72 VW Sfwnderd, extra tiaon, tew nsMeoyp ..... 
'72 VW BUG M e w ............ 
'71 VW CAMPER Air Cbbditienmg 
71 VW SUPER S B & j r - * 
’68 VW mrtredbbb.......... 

O v e r IO O n e w A u s e d c a r s In s t o c k 
SERVICE OPEN 7 to 6 
PARTS OPEN SAT. ALL DAY 

Lone SLor volkswagens^ 

33o3 Broadway - 8 2 4 - 7 3 1 1 

 am/em,* j 6 9 5 

!!!!’ *io 5 o 

722 TOYOTA 

'72 Toyota M X W agon. Low ml., like new 6S4-2428, 435 227? 
71 Toyota, needs repairs. $4oo or best offer. After S. 427-225o 
TO Y O T A O F S A N A N T O N IO 
ITO! S E M IL IT A R Y D R IV E 
_____________ 424 4431_____________ 

T O Y O T A OF S E G U IN 
Open eves til 9 
Toll Free: 224-4183 
T O Y O T A W A G O N 1971 C O R O L 
L A 164oCC. 4 S P E E D . E X C E L 
L E N T 
O R I V E 
A N O 
N E W 
L IC E N S E 312o4 C A SH 42S-I44I 

723 TRIUMPH 

A LA M O SP O R T S C A R S 
Authonied Sale* ond Service 
Triumph Alto Romeo 
21)1 B R O A D W A Y STS SSI) 
'7 ? Spitfire C O N V E R T IB L E E l cellen! conditieni Si 73o-632-43*4 
74 Spitfire Convertible 24.444 mi 
4 sod . am -p m radio Good cond 
M oke Offer 4S4-44H, ext. 224 

M.t l r 
. ... T I roghly 
T F 

 i J G r a n g e , le a d e d mi $7434 244 U SS e v l l H t i CorveH es ■WoHT 
223 32J1 444-2444 
• 3 Corv«Hev Waller 

TST 

7 45 4 1$ C um for 
D T T I 'M V 

 rodio hrs a l 5)1 1144 
TR^Tn---------- 
T i t t e r m o n y e a r paycheck9 Wont Ie establish thai second incom e* lf you have 4 lo I hours weekly Ie spare I M show you now Ne telephone interview*. 
For o b o l 
COM 
Rich fu n n ie r 
444 8444 

•ORIVE CARS# 
Geed n- . r>g record* Age ll up! 
Gloria 424 o227 Job Ptocem entt 
E mptor men! Ser SJI# Son P e d io 

FNER6ETIC? 
Love the outdoor %/ Wont refired ra n c h e xp e rien ce d couple with other income Ie care for beautiful caffle ranch Perm anent U t I tor m c u t i v t n e e d s p a rt lim e m arried assistant 474 4474 

Motel Head Maid 

Excellent pay, m ust have ex penence, perm anent 
Pork M O T E L 
426 4923 
N i r r g f f i t T g i y - i p a U f om hi tious people who are interested in expanding their interne in their spore lim e 
F o r in te rv ie w call 
47) I/3J (I 4pm only) 

MIO 2o HBUSFWiVtS 
4 nours, 4 d a ys ar 4 eves per week tor 4 show s Show Beeline Exciu stye Line et F a sh io n s M oke profit on every show plus $244 sam ple w a rd ro b e at n o c e st 
C a r necessary, l i t , Coll for appt 
U A -W M 
Need som eone lo w ork in iheir home hotping me in m y businest 
So m e t y p in g , c o n t r a c t w o r k , northeast area only, paid weekly 
$244 a v e ra g e 
S e n d n a m e a n d phone num ber Ie P O Rex 17216 
Son Aniente 74117 I will call you 
Need i T ruth Slop L lf« n d o n l‘t, nignl shift. 3 o a r week, mature, willing worker, perm anent start 
See® pet m o n th 
G e t a n a S u i 
T ruck Sipp All A pplicatio ns ta v j Piece OM C e , Ire 1747 Ore 
•rick R d 4 lp m doily for inter view Ne phone calls please______ 
•M I WU# 
Need extra M eem e/ I hpve tail and port lime lobs n co'labia I 
Bim 4)4 41)7 Job Placem ents i m pievm ent $er 13)6 San Pedro 

P A R T T I M E 
Due Ie expansion we have open m gs that m ust be fiHed im m edia lely 
No experience ne e .ivo ry 
24)3)34 
M a rly plan soles, n e w 'products. nighest earnings, m gm t o p p l> 
48b S M * 

3 PEOPLE needed f# a ssisi me in b u siness 
SI75 weekly if qualified to start 
No exper tone# necessary. 
4 1 3 / 4 * 1 

TT. roghly 223-53)3. #44 3441 
■i\ goT v e n r r T oo s iw l 
Custom, auto. pow or, slur t v a n t 
7 T T 5 T W T T F T T 

J7 

 extra 
17,OM mi. 
*53 o251 
T >"57 Snge '9 effe 

 load ed clean 
17 SM 

 l u m i n a 
W olfer C e r a t hty tape, pow er 
H S -U M / 
________ 
’i i \/ette l i r ] A M P M stere#. alum wheels 4 sad #44 >377 otter 
I p.m. 
'74 vitTt. loaded, m ast sell gel ting m arried 
S4.334 
F irm 
*53 4)7o 

I ive in iiousekeehei tor eenerai huusewur x irfe x -n ti v ttuun > >1 
826 1116 xioi'ui «-~huus*keepe. iire in" lo ' elderly lady n a jeu* 
/XofurT womon lo fore lei ' W a ' old end infant in my home Wind wood, N eat B oerne 
M ux* hove own to I i r ia ' ent es Will tonvidei live 'n Good so la >v *4o o*o/. 4 to 
> w ee.iluyv 

6 2 4 i m w m i N i U D 
Y 1 ^ B ! p T s o r t fT ^ r ir ™ n ?w ^ r u 7 ? 7 
(fore L r elderly lodv close lo St 
C>* ? " iV 
„ 
Le# * Church 922 *477 Ana. Anglo it D u lsan 12 14, IbeMbB. If f - T D Y 
I m 
" g y f 6 a/oi T oTTw-d n is - in V ) 97 244 3347 
___________________ housework, cooking ar ironing for 
D A T S U N elderly person 7)3 o)44 
B R Y S O N A U T O C A N T IN 
B T P T H B I I C T 'CT i y ' wbnU' D'uT> i m p a t b o o k e r work Hove cor, ref t oh sol MSS 
. 
U W y i f k y C J T Y o s b il/ l 
Datsun 1471 Clean D rive s good 

•r.P beige riTnf k loo new lire*, stereo, fop and bool )S.4M mi 53.oM *'>5 2*o6 
M C B , li t ) Convertible U M m f 
SC OOO firm, 444 >443 
R 'C I " ’ i i /? 
O R I G I N A L . O R A N G E W IT H 
B L A C K T O P 
P E R F E C T M C i 
C M A N IC A L L Y 
H A S T H R E E 
S M A L L D E N T S 3),444 M IL E S , 
F A C T O R Y A IR O W N E R S A Y S 
S E L L A S IS t u n OIS 1441 
'VS M D ! , excellen t cor.u , v e ry cleon M ic h e lin s. am lm , $14o4 days *44 J H I, *44 9145 eves safe ST Ii An HJL MU. good cond $24*3 S II o494 off 4. 
: ^ 4 't M d ! . 111, s i J m i'~ in goad condition, wire wheels. $7/44 Coll 
I 997-4)18 
> 't i *4 6 b Needs sum * w i.rl t i i 
Caff 242 4)44_____________ ii La6 ^ d * « i gray, W irt wise*!*. 
_ *4 *1 4 1 4 A sk tor 

 rn u r n 

A M PM , 37754 
San 
I t M I D t t f . in 4 « r r « e iy . A ni 
Pm SN re e C B rodia. Sisoe * ie 
Spin C A L L 923-4441 

71? • m i _______________________ 

 re lH S p e T T T H M rriT rn irT g ^ o n J ^ good bret 3*44 42) 4247 

 ti Spitfire M ops, Tone and Con vertible covers, extras. 
$17oo 
*73 4744__________________________ 
'7 * TR7, om -fm . air 
14,3oo m i 
33)73 227 4934; 724-3333 
_ 
*74 T R IU m 'p h Spitfire. electrTc o ve rd rive , am tm cassette Ex- cellont 32*3o 634 3317 , 474 o276 
75 T R IU M P H Spitfire convert!- 
Rte, taw mi S74S4 33) i i St 
■74 T R IU M P H Spitfire co n ve rti­ ble. lew m c very clean S2S7S. 
474-9514 
‘73 TR4. 13,oo4 m c Zebarf.rack. p im ie n to ch estnut. SS3o4 firm 
7 IS-4o4? offer S pm 
-71 VW S O U A R E B A C K Air S M M 
(W orth ttO M ) S S M 344___________ 

•T* rn ufx rukup (Mu. •u rewdWowed. 4-(peed tvwnyUxeien. only 4 OOO mile* 
..................... 
T G C O N O R IG 44n*b RL 4 -deer Seden, ewremxHfx r»en«iwu i.le»c < * < mdi e. j.e »e r 

Air. rnXHa 
4-xpeed. 14.ooo 
■Xeoubxn, r e v * , broker 
• 7 4 D A T S U N M 
G I 

‘3495 

‘4895 
‘4695 

‘1495 

 re dun aettm xlM d, At 3)oo mile* 
. 

........... 
I J T O V O T A lenX C im * et yr ewe w wagon, air im . m o n r dlHaned. rn Ma. S-tpaaeT 4o OO'i milak 
............ 2 o t 6 
C O R O L L A 
Wagon aartemaWi tranemixxlan. 
| roAta 44.ooo m d » i.............. 
T i C O D O R B A Mark 
M W ag en avie m arx Wane- l l i n c f 
— »«lan. air xandlWawad. raZa, raal M e a .................... 1 4 V ) 
7 J M A M I M 4 dear i adaw. a H tm x iN tram rn m l an . 
~ 

295 
* 195 
‘2895 
!?» CMgVY jjglOnyybadm, Madwf. mdXa. abe ...M995 
T D D D T w O U T Manta Ca Ha. merommttt, air, pawar 
Mddrkxg end braka*. pawer «indew», xrwwa ten- tTSM.* Yliljfl t'G# 
7 1 D o e fT T A # 

• 3 O L D S 4 - 

’• a C N C V D O U T O n ly .......................................... 
• T i e o f A N D P M X S d a x m . Mr. paw ar ,.aarU«. 
IM'BHL Oft* AM-nft ilftffS • e e e e e e e e *# .*# . . . . . . . . 

 iT# mrktm « U Ii 
• 7 S c x t n t n pawer xSparW , dark. mr wha af 

 wheal A M IM 
‘3795 
‘4295 

 pawar brake*, . _ _ _ ttvixe term el. vinyl rap. 

 db. 
•4195 xm rr. m n irrr 
D K I V I K 

34834 F fdT kh dK vrq Rd. 
73o-4471 

 asg r g r "ouUmdt.c fond SOSO 2)3 4153 
TSTnl 

724 VOIKSWAGEN 

• L U E 44 VW bood onpino. iron- 
SPOrfbtton $443. 444-77)3 
74 Dasher. Automatic, air, 4 door. low mileage, excellent condition 
11,734 4 )2 -IS I)_____________ 
74 D A S H E R , excellent condition' 
M ast sell 724-337* 
D A S H E R . '74 VW. air, auld. Mkt new 32)54 l l ) 4t«) 

GAS SAVER! 
‘72 VW F a stb a ck 
I aw ner, air. 
A M F M stereo V e ry low mites im m ocalate 
244-791) or Stove; t i l 14)1 
7 ) Ohio. new fires, new engine, 
Cen 174 o)41 evgs. 

Can Pol M cQ ueen 
71)7121 

I SEU BUGS 

 r n 

 iii SIHI RANCH POSITION 
22 yrs eld, exp rn ranching fence con stru ct!##, w ell*, irrig a tio n , d r iv in g t r u c k s a n d t r a c t o r s . working kngwtedge of Spunrsh I y rs cullage W illing lo accept re ­ s p o n s ib ilit y a n d to lo c a te on ranch R eferen ce A vailable tm m e d ioif-ly 
A s k let M r 
J g y n e 
225 l i l t l l JO $ la w e e k d a y s) 
*14 o4)9 sa l Sun 
Experienced G u ise 's Aide 

V ery dependable New tags SISO cosh 435 <441 
H H ’M L U U W )V66 7 TuT T "~ & J S condition radials, 41 P lu s m pg 
$1493 6)4-4344 bifer I 
V i D atsun fill'V ia b o n t xceflenl condilion $2144 *55 17)7 
I ITFT D I TLUtf "UoT T n T ^ ^ M 
Afjrm 
I 425 •#?? after 

 hgip hah day anis 
CaH days ecrk 
221 5234___________________________ 
E X P fe R IE N C C D Young Lad y de sires perm anent work os re cta f ip n is l 
P r e f e r s O r '$ o ffic e 
Northvale Cad typo 7)2-14*1 f V B W om an will care for sick or elderly No b vt in Ref $31 447* 
Foil- f h u i po Bookkeeper wilFtTj y e a rs e xp e rien ce d e sire s Ie do sm all sets of books in m y home 
Q lrty reports and F in a n c ia l SIO lem enis M I 4573 after 6 
£7>D6 I A I V L I T T C B .weds lull lim e IPR 18o-o*24 
______ i 6C>Y~wanls Job M o n d o y tu e s 
•Soy 7214434 ar SJI4449 
M A L E 1 P re se n tly E m p lo y e d bs 
W holesale Credit ond Collection 
Office M a n a ge * desires sam e ti- luohan with other A rm 514 4*7) 

 m ags CB, $2 *44 
SP M v r & A f » , u u h i t uuJo. 'ber* em tm, 15344 or best ofter, } » 4444, 
494 4443 
T IT J T q liT n H I ! . I i ) U I U ml like new, 272 SS57, 127 932) 

T r s i r m r m r m 
— 
43b# e n g M i Real bargain. S/495 
JO H N K E N A G Y M olar Cb 
New P ro u nion, S A No SS* 4)41 
W 'b « is u x i i i } 4 s«3 air I M 
F M stereo Low tm perfect cen d ilio n 
$4444 o r b e s t o tte r 
U t H O I 
7)3 3)71 m i U T u . r I S b b ij: radials! 
I iipht blue, e xc e lle n t con dition, 
*41VS 874 OI 34 
■VK" l l * i f 4 saokd. a ir . 'A M E M 
'a p e deck, extra clean! Red with white inferior 
241 IS S I aAer 
5 a rn 
_________________ 
E ilc T roLiP w dW f a d " in im i ix n a is s N Iuys 
CAU 723 16*6 

R A D IO C L A S S IC 
$3693 
T O M R E N S O N IM P O R T S 
96oo SA N P E D R O 
2411)34 ti Hurl Kodefiae. 1.1 litre eng . good gas m ileage $344 784 941) after ) p m i i Obol tfsdeffp station w oe on! good cond SISO l l * >o17 oft* 
Y n w rr r P E W i m 
* speed, 'adM i air, low m iles 
T O M R E N S O N IM P O R T S tam SA N P E D R O 
241 I ISS 
7) O pe! M a n ia l u x u u s t p o r f 
Coape Geed tend SI7S8 69o 11)1 

Ti O P E L M A N T A 
* sp e e d , a ir. 
C a ll 
T p k # up p p yin e n ts. ne e q u ity call (2 C 
V O L L M E R . 249 *9 4 8. 244 J953 after I 
T T B T V n T B T T 

81 P O R S C H E 134 R . 1)744, k4 
VW paris cor, $27$, '44 R O V E R 
SOSO, or all, $31*o 124-o7SI 
T i ’Porsche JI* f Cued candMipn. air 
424 4444. ext 
M I. After 6 
, 248-7114 
’ 

P o r e d # , M e x ic a n b la t, 
J>,44o WM, 4)4,4o4 A rm 341 47 JO 
H Put sc he I o l.ook m iles M u si sell! 8SR78 322 1243_______________ 
74 Porsche ^ i New yeiluw pbibl.’ 
*4*44 65)-l 171 

 mr e u ivlu n d n g 
494 I set 
'i i PiSr$cA4 i l l Tarpp. I speed, s eouges. A M P M stereo tape. Al try*, excellent ss.ISO *94 5744 

ITI TOYDTA 

A L A M O T O Y O T A 
A cre s* Prom Airport 434-471) 
334 N E L O O P SIO 
71 C A L IC A . A M P M . p m . *1*44 
43$ 7324 
M C O k (,11 a iouac, a** urn im new liras 
S34S4 
1)7-49)94, 
784-88*8 
It Cor ana New en# . too# cond 
$1o7$ After 4 *33 316*___________ air. 

C heapI o u to m o llc , 
M r 
Bennett d e a n ' I t i t r n * 
/I "B V L ?I 1944 ip e ri wagon, oir 
♦ i m a n n y 

718 PORSCH! 

1224 N E L O O P 41o 
124 2214 
41 ► D H e t x b h o i 

 rn PiBQST 

Ti’1»T VTFA oV 5, 4. it o U W cehont m echanical H stereo ti SSO 174 )97) 
^M T? 
, aal*, att, 

111 UM 
T^n^Sfnw^TTtS^Tr t in t 24444)2 offer 6 pm 

IS 1 )3 lo o k 
I » trets* ANA M W * 

771 SUBARU 

7 T T O m ap city RH 
SHO® 49) 1449 

" b l ' air 
A m u N 
E x c t il t n l co n d itio n 

'71 C o ro lla W agon 4 sod 
$99$ COA. 47S-1394 
’ 
IF YO U C A N A U Y A R E T T E R 
R O IL Y S M A L L C A R T H A N A T : 
C R Y E R T O Y O T A 
A U Y IT 
197! T O Y O T A $973 
C oi olla C o u p * 4 spd pir, radio new stool radio! tires 
C lean!) I 
384-4167 j 
7] T O Y O T A Cekca. Ap fob shape 
SWS# SJV-$49 3___________________ 

71 Toyota Corona M a rk ll ) door f is t ) 7)3 SOM 
44 
T O Y O T A C O R O N A law m d e ap * 3 new tues, 4 speed 4 dr 
SSS# or best attar lee 1447 

74 T O Y O T A C A L IC A G T L IF T 
B A C K a ir, s ta r*# , law m ile s 
R egular gas In w arranty $477$ 
4)3 Epfs ofter 4 84 ll Toyota Carina 4 speed ira n * t cyl econom icah 7)4 *936________ 
71 T O Y O T A Corella t m 
RC Bes! Offer 494 1487 
| 

^ 
^ 
■ 
4 1 7 7 
Coli Dennis of 414-7444 
After I __________________ 456 4)71 
*7 K a rm o a n Q hia P e rsc h e t i l 
> en# . ne rn paint, good m ileage 
Radials, m ags $1)4o or pest offer, 
223 3)49 Ofter 4 $> rn 
I 7# H e rm an n Chia. excellent em ame borty; pee gamey. OAR-1888. 
M u s i sell bv M e reb I I I ' n v w 
Sq u a tebbcfc. clean, new tires, low mi, AM . air t i v 5*4 pH $ 
N O R T H L O O P V O L K S W A G E N 
7)1-7111 
4o3) P R E D E R IC K S R U W O R O A D 
'7# Rabbit, ppsic I dr , air, A M - 
F M sierpp, in worronty. S M *). Or. 
M urrey, $91 1919 

I 74 R A B B IT , cgstpm deluxe, air, tip lido rd A M PM , 43) 1847 
T i Sa u o rkb e cb Clean. Se rvice 
?ew pp,nt $12)3 e l) l l * ) 
•74 Sup er VW . v e ry clean, new radial tiros, rodie 11748, 6)1 3487 
T ab* ever paym ents aa ti v w 
I 
R o # ' No equity Coll; 8)4 7*4# ask ter 
Dennis 
After i: 
Ceil 
I *4*'4221 
Toke ever paym ents en '74 VW 
' No equity Ceil 
134 4*11 ask for 
I P ro d Aftqy I 9)2 77)7 
74 V O L K S W A G E N R U G i A M P M I track. Ham 
Rodreis 
S L IM 
D o r 494 34)9 Night 4*4 tis ft 
1*71 V O L K S W A G E N S il t ) 
Boof C L K A N C o H l l ) / ill 
V O L K S W A G E N VAN . 144) n o ta* wqrk, besi offer S33 4641 eves 
1*7) Veiksw apea Sirocco *- speed with att Lew mil#*##. RycpUent cend'tien! )24P4 iyA171l 

VOl KSW AGEN 
P o n s Service C a r* 
483-1111 
* * VW B E E T L E W idetrack lire*, e xcn-Htnt SEM *44 1111___________ it VW Bub, goad transportation 
SVS) S3) n i l re* v w B U G . radio, he ale r fin 
P hew # b v pueblo U U 23* 4414 
44 VW B u # R u n s teed, engine wed m aintained iit »t jo 
______ 
74 VW b u g M e n d o n ! Ira n sm i*- 
SM A *142$ 244 4448___________ 

/ 

I 
* v 
: 
' 
I 
I 
; ■ w* 
. 
' 
\ I 
- ' 
' 
_ 
„ : 
, 
* ' 
' 
, ' 

NON COMMERCIAL! 
CANCELLABLE 
WITHOUT 
RATE CHANGE 
2 2 5 - 1 6 6 6 
QUICK RESULTS! 

73o-743 • AUTOMOBIiiS 
73G743 AUTOMOBILES 
73o-743 AUTOMOBILES 

Express-News— Thursday, March 3, 1 9 7 7 

73o-743 AUTOMOBILES 
73o-743 AUTOMOBILES 

— 
------------------ 
- I 

O.R. MITCHELL LEASING 
| 

W e lease all makes and models, but feature Chrysler products. 

W ith the information furnished, a lease plan is selected to meet your requirements. 

Personalized service after the lease is signed— w e don't forget about our customers! 

T o h * 
V h e e d e d 
9F heeded 9*^o in few* 
RI iaadsd 
S m M A ah in W 
RE 
Jm M OwU rn hmm f , 

C a l l D o n T a y lo r 

 o r 

J im H a r r is 

 a t 2 2 7 - 2 2 8 1 

O.R. MITCHELL LEASING, Inc. 

D O N T A Y L O R , L E A S E M G R . 

1 1 3 o B R O A D W A Y 
2 2 7 -2 2 8 1 

Where Leases ore 
Taylor' M ade to Your Requirements 

SELLING OUT EVERYTHING! 

HEALTH REASONS FORCING ME INTO EARLY RETIREMENT 

AL KO M RA Y 
PRESIDENT 

SPECIAL 
FREE 1977 LICENSE PLATES 

 during the m onth of M arch on an y n ew car sold in our in ve n to ry. W e h ave the largest selection in Texas to choose from a t special savings on e v e ry car. 
“ We’ra The Dealer Th of Mekti Th* Price Right” 
O.R. MITCHELL CHRYSLER-PIYMOUTH 
“ The D eafer That Tails It lik e It Is " 

2 8 o o BRO ADW AY 
EVENINGS 
(A c ro s s fo r m B r a c k e n r id g e P a r k ) 

724 VOLKSWAGEN 

VW '64 Good cond , excellent for 
Student or Housewife Good gas 
I rn Moose 341-267'__________ __ 
TO VW Good condition, must sell, j moving SSM) 927-2o16 

TS VW SUS, 7 DOSS , outo , Air, am tm m u ltip lex, low m ileage. 
149oo 924-2)3o.____________ 
TS VW Bus. I passenger, outo , air, excellent condition, many ex­ tras 
15ooo 
*24-32o2 otter 
S weekdays 
•71 VW CAM PER Excellent con clition $22oo 714-8)71 between 4-7 pm oil cloy week ends.__________ 

71 VMI CampmoDile $195o 
Sleeos 4 Poe Top 22 MPG New engine. Cleon) 828 6469 
•72 VW Clean new engine. %4 
Hood. $14oo 444-6451 337 4939 
I 66 VW. clean, very good condt- tion, USO 342 2477_______________ 
197o VW Coupe Low mileage As­ sum e p a y m e n ts 
C a ll B ra v e , 
922-431o or 423-49)1___________ _ _ 

738-743 -MTMMES 

• 87 NEW CARS & DEMOS - Full Factory Warranty - Selling A t Invoice B ottom lino 

• 74 USED CARS — Most With W arran ty- Some As is 

 a EVERYBODY WELCOME Including Auto Dealers 

• SOME FIXED ASSETS TO BE SOLD (G arage & Office Equipm ent) 
« DON’T MISS THIS SALE!! 

• NEW DEALER’S NAME WILL BE GIVEN AFTER BUSINESS SOLD 

• YES 
All Departments Will Remain Open During Switch Over 

On Spot Financing At Bank Rates - Immediate Delivery 

 i i 

HW Engine 
M E T R ltM A Overhaul VW 
M ASTER, 824 7427 I 
71 v w Ok IO. engine and Irons mission w arranty $15*5-455-113! 

68 VW Good Transportation, $7oo 
34! 7$2o 
•67 VW, new engine, transmission, seats, with rodio 
Very nice 
$1o»S61S-113l 
. 

VW OVERHAUL S4oo-S5oo 
12 Mo.-12.ooo mi W arranty 
Northside Bug Repoir. 696-5864 
75 VW Bobbit. custom deluxe air, low mt $2345 333 8152 
41 VW. R E D 
Runs p e rfe c t!! 
Only $745 337 3448______________ 
VW Sauarebock. 44 Good body ane . tiros Radio, sunroof. $45o 
H I-W 4 .________________ _ 
7o VW Stotionwogon New tires, new auto tra n s m is s io n , new brokes Radio. air. $1ooo 414-2344 liter 6 pm 
74 v w 41) station wagon, a ir, automatic, $234$ 655-1131________ 
71 VW Station Wagon New mo tor 12 MOS worronty. 444 5869 
72 VW Super Beetle, stick sniff 
Nice clean cor 51345 423 6336 
I 73 VW Super Beetle, excellent cand $14oo 51I-SS34_____________ 
7) VW Super Beetle, auto irons., 
| tike new 114*o 344 soot_________ 
73 VW ja p e r Yellow Beauty Air. 
1 41,ooo m . 124-8338. ____________ 

725 VOLVO 

71 Volvo USS, auto air. s ta r**, 
•ape, yellow, brown int. like new cond S18*5 658-o141 438 o11$ eves 
Volvo 1971 series 142. Drives very good Must liquidate below book loon 
$1122 cash N E W T oes 
PREE 3$15 Culebro 

AL KOMRAY AMC 

Dial 2 2 7 - 7 5 1 1 

(SALE AT MAIN STORE) 

1111 SAN PEDRO 

A 
— • I » 
■ M | • 
( A 

EXCELLENT FLEET CAR VALUES 
FROM OUR RENTAL FLEET 
A U NOW AVAILABLE. WE OFFER A CHOICE OF THE FOLLOW ING: 
1 9 7 6 PONTIACS GRAN PRIX 
FROM: $ 4 8 9 5 to $ 5 8 9 5 

THE DIFFERENCE BEING: W e have several with the follow ing accessories CRUISE C O N 
TR O l, TUT WHEEL, S U N R O O F , BUCKET SEATS, C O N S O L E PO W ER W IN D O W S S O M E 
HAVE 6 o -4 o SEATS ALL W ITH A M Fm STEREO!! 

1 9 7 6 OLDS CUTLASS SUPRiMFS 
FROM: $ 4 5 9 5 to $ 5 2 5 o 

 g & S S H S ? £ w V £Xoc“ S,£BEa 
* SEA,S- V,Nn rOP' “ AoS ANo A 

O N E L E F T !! 1 9 7 6 P O N T I A C F I R E B I R D - S A C R IF I C E A T $ 4 8 8 8 
THIS CAR IS WHITE H a s BUCKET SEATS, A M EM STEREO, TILT W HEEL, A U T O M A T IC , AIR, 

POW L R BRAKES, POW ER STEERING 

1 1 9 7 6 AMC GREMLIN 
FROM: $ 2 7 5 o to $ 2 9 9 5 
THE DIFFERENCE BEIN G 
PO W ER STEERING, A M FM STEREO A N D THE MILEAGE 
ALL 
HAVE AIR, & A U TO M A TIC 
1 9 7 6 AMC PACER 6 CYLINDER 
FROM: $ 3 o o o TO $ 3 8 5 o 
THE DIFFERENCE BEING 
VIN Y L TO P, A M FM STEREO ‘ X " PA CKAG E, PALLEY PACKAGE 
S O M E A L U M IN U M STYLE WHEELS ALL HAVE AIR, A U T O 

?? GRA DU ATIO N GIFT PROBLEMS ?? 
THINK ABOUT A 1 9 7 6 CHEVROLET CHEVETTE HATCHBACK 
(8) TO C H O O S E FROMM ALL EQUIPPED THE SAME!! 4 SPEED, 4 CYLINDER, A M R A D IO 
N O N E OF THEM HAVE THE F O L L O W IN G A M FM STEREO, A U T O M A T IC , AIRM 

BUDGET RENT A CAR 

3 3 8 NORTHEAST LOOP 4 1 o 
SIE: DON HAM FLEET MANAGER 

FLEET SALES 

SAN A N TO N IO , TEXAS 
3 4 9 - 4 4 4 1 

732 BUICK 

72 V alve 144 S Stand 
Goon , ondilion 736-1o55 looded 

•72 Volvo Wagon A u la . air. law m ile* 
Below 
Blue 
Book 
$29$o 
6 5 6 -8 3 8 4 _____________________ 
•71 VOLVO 145 Wagon. ttd.. air, om tm >225o 341 4784 

726 MISCELLANEOUS AUTOS 

TRADEWINDS 

71 MONTI CAHO 
•drei + ........13/85. 
7$ MALIBU wagon .. . . SIMS. 
71 MMM, ? * , • * . . . M W - 
7$ DUSKE, I coup* ... 12AM. 
71 OLDS Vive awner 
•agen ................. M IM . 
74 MALIBU Nop" . . . SH M . 
71 CUTLASS Coupe . . . . SMM. 
71 BUICK 4 de. extra n u . ............................MOBS. 
75 FINTO, J * , lo* «x SWS. 
71 YMI SUPER, outo thck SIMS. 
71 IAIACUoA toeded . . SIMS. 
74 OHI Manta, loaded SIMS. 
71 SCAM loaded . . . SIMS. 

* Many. mony em it Con1rh**** from ♦ Open ten id t F M * 

 c r ^ 
T t t r r v 
J * - c p 

3oo3 S.W. M IUTAIT 

822-17o3 tlA -W A L 

75 AMC HORNET HATCHBACK, oir. automatic, only I.OOO m ile*. 
M utt tell A norn* payment*, and balance Cat! M r Bennett 222 o4o4 
•74 Gremlin Air, AM FM , power. 
I awner. 4o,ooo mi. Stand . $1o9$! firm I ta 4 w k d a v t: Oft 3947; j 
Otter $ I $64 474$ 
74 Gremlin, air. tinted alo**, new rod lait, top condition, only 21.ooo m ile*, reoi bargain, te rm * next bt#. 344-467o j 
73 G R E M LIN 4, outo air. power 
♦leering 422 OMO_______________ 
7$ Gremlin, bv owner. $1.17$ Coil 
4)2 3o34 
•74 G re m lin 4 cyl . auto . a ir, power Goad Carl $149$ 924-3217. 
Oannr._____________________ 
76 G R E M LIN . 4 c y l, auto . rodio. neater 1,ooo mi $244$ 423 6)34 
72 Gremlin, V I. ti* , very clean, with lop*, $45o 453 4671__________ 
72 G R E M L IN X. V I *lonagrd 
COM o84-4157 
7 4 Gremlin, yellow Stand , V 4. : 
AM F M radio, a ir cond 
11,ooo mite*, $2445 453-o4oo 

•74 BUICK Riviera, loaded excel lent cond I awner. Ben Jometx, 
724 4311, 455 31o4_______________ , 
75 B U IC K S k y h o w k . V4. a ll ­ p o w e r, o u lo d a y ! 227-3411; 
66o-IQM eve* 
71 BUICK Skylark, lop condition. 1 tee to appreciate, lis ts 7)5 8446 i 
49 Buick Skylark Oran Sport, V O. autom atic, pow er, facto ry a ir, stereo tape, low m ileage excep tionalty cleon 
77 itcente steOs will trade 422 HOI_______________ 
74 BUICK SKYLARK LANDAUS 
$3445_______________ 
341 1435 
72 Buick Skylark 2 dr. air. power 
♦tewing, auto 
$225o 
344 74*7-1 p rn 
Buick Skylark 1444. auto D rive* 
O K Need* o little TLC First *34o cosh drive* it nom* 351$ Culebro 
44 B u ick S p o rt w ag o n , good 
Iron* $445 344 367#_____________ 
44 Buick Wagon, $225 or best 
Offer. 444-o44o__________________ 
44 E le c tra . 4 door. all pow er, excellent. $875. 142-o515 

73 H o rn et 2 dr 
Sedan 
4 cyl stand . air. original owner 45 OOO m ile* N eed* tire * and paint. I dent >14oo 658 446) ofter 6 
•71 J A V E L IN . 4. aul#. L l blue. 
113oo 4S5 5)4o 
_________ 

41 E le c tro 4 dr leaded Very cleon offer 484 $o54 

 auto . fu lly 
$o95 or best 

JAVELIN 1973 
Bv owner Air power, outo . tow m ileage $175o 
224 oo49. legve m e*tape with Answering Svc 
47 RAM BLER. 4 standard 
U . I.:; r Hi 9 e L > j4 5 _ 4 2 Io 7 » 4 _ 

17) R IV IE R A Loaded. Take ever poymenf*. no equity. call Nrnie, 
Oil 3 
o 
7 
1 
_________________ 

71 SKYLARK CONVERTIBLE im m a c u la te co n d itio n 
L o c a l owner Ask for ART $2875 Coll 
732-1181_________________________ 

’71 SKYLARK COUPE SI 38o 
Cold air mw mile* OU *954______ 

732 BUICK 

Ti SUICH Century wagon, 33.8oo mi excellent condition *41 o8*8 
733 CADILLAC 

7 3 B u ic k C e n t u r y 
) D ear, ie to e d condition, low mileage, >1 8oo M utt Sen I 
*547366 or 4*1 4)31 

75 B U IC K C o n ve rtib le 
LeSobrt Soon to Pe c lo in e ! All power, tuni ...om d low mileage 
Will nepettgte. 
141 474o. eve*, 
<«eefeend*^B 

74 CADILLAC Bfglim Bed 
Hee new w a rra n t/ 12o o147 

’72 CADILLAC SI89o 

PRICE 
CUTS A T . 

B R U I C K 
’74 BUICK 
^•**WV twdtop. eutomotu, en. powtr, doubt# charked xx *6 742* Wot 
S349S Nnw 
............................ 
68 OLDS lu,kw' 
‘3195 
2 door hordtop, automatic, git, power, bucket veals, extra thorp.................. 1595 
7 4 THUNDERBIRD 
Lo* miles, extto (leon. loaded ‘5295 
7 4 CHEVROLET 
7 6 BUICK *+ coupe, good color, combination, ow, automatic power, sharp , ....................... 
' T I RI H r N 
•mom. outomatu, att. power, lu u k t 
/ J “ UlLtV heesiaerttTn.atSTik 

•TC DI IIC V 
^u m hardtop, coupe, ouiamofu, r j a U 
K K on power, th o ro u g h ly reconditioned 
. 
. 
. 
. 
. 
•A24I9A ..............TTT...........................*3995 
7 5 MAVIRICX 
‘2895 
•TR A in e 
(urtou 
Supreme 
Coupe, ont owner 
' J W M W thoroughly checked 
Was 
MHS, 

*4995 
‘3695 

*8*677*. NOW on. special radio. ‘4295 
’ T I M illr y 
Skyhowk, V I, outomatu « 
1,8oo miles bargain priced 
7 6 CHEVROLET 
" I 

' 7 e f A m i l A r 
* * * • S* y*,!* « 'Bi! nice car, lo lly .. equipped, ihocouphly doubt* chedite 
6 9 9 5 
SPIRES-DOUCLAS BUICK 
I 
5o1 ieOADW AV * O M N (VININGS * 226 ! 36V 

 d fik S k 

• A b o v e m o n t h ly p a y m e n t s b a s e d o n 

 d o w n p a y m e n t o f $ 5 o o c a s h or t r a d e , 

 p lu s l o x , Title a n d lic e n s e . T o g e t d e ­ 

 f e r r e d p a y m e n t p r i c e , m u l t i p l y 4 8 

 t i m e t p a y m e n t . A n n u a l p e r c e n t a g e 

 r a t e 1 3 6 1 % w it h a p p r o v e d c r e d it 

TINDALL AND SON PONTIAC— GMC 
3 9o o SAN PEDRO 
* O P E N [ V I N I N G S * 736-1561 

733 CADILLAC 

Clean 
Run* 
Breadway 
Good rf 
H IO 

F E R R A R I, 1*64 
JIO o r J A I . I 
$11,o88 *7$ 1457 eve*. weekend* 
•7o FORO Wagon, loaded 
S IM I 
*9 GAL A X IS 46o * dr ........ $488 
*9 IM P A LA * dr 
.................. 1865 
7o AMBASSADOR. * Hd 
5**5 
*8 CHRYSLER * dr loaded >4*5 
45 CHNV f L L f . *tandord 
SJH 
64 Buick 4dr 
5345 i 
S M IT H 5 U s e d C a rs 
/es > A L A M O __________ 716-4144 
KARM ANN GHIA, 144# 
Rod IU oo4o tire* $759 341 />>6 
*9 R e n a u lt I * 
E x ir a c le a n . 
4 sad 
4-dr 
Coed cand 
$44$ 
453 34X2 ____________ __________ 

47 ROLLS ROYCE 
Silver Shadow Outstanding cen- aition 5) SOO mi Cargo* C hn*ti, 
I 441 $412. Lam bert otter 4 a rn 

1471 SIMCA I deer, US Be*! offer 
654 1888 
— 

47 B u ick, 4 CVI wark, s it 127-2777 

731 IMC if * * Am bo»*ad»r A utom atic Six 
$458 or bott offer *55 5487_______ 
•74 AMC Harriet Auto . new lire*, exc ellen t ga* m ileag e Asking ii788 , I m m * --------------------------- 

B uick 
73 E le c tro L im ite d One owner E ve ry option Com pare at 
$ }SOO Sacrifice 13)95 or best otter 
444 5o87 
B U IC K 1*74 E L E C T R A 
22|* 
C U STO M H O T P 
SH O W R O O M 
C L E A N HAS E V E R Y O PTIO N 
E X E C U T IV E 
S A L E S M A N 
D R IV E N , P E R F E C T M E C H A N 
IC A L L Y 
$2166 
NO 
P H O N E 
CALLS PLEASE 3515 C U LE B R A 
74 Buick Lim ited F ull power i l l me e x tra * 34,684 m i $3888 w ill buy 684 7417____________________ 
7o B U IC K L im ite d a ll p o w e r, extra cleon ^1)45 6)3 8U« 
73 B u ick L im ite d Leaded w ith e x tra *! Under 34,o8 rn. *53 
75 Buick Regal Landau. V I, au 
•a m a lic, pow er fa c to ry a ir, ‘ 77 license Like new >439* w ill tro d * 
423-2883 
_____________________ „ 

B U I C K 75 R I V I E R A 
, Landau root, ail pawer, include*. seal* window*, cruise, M L am tm 
(Opt 
PRICE REOUCEO Ta $5495 
B ill T r e o d w a ll U s e d C a rs 
*o1 B R O A D W A Y 
224 t i ID 

44 C ad illac, clean, new tire *, 
SHO. Altar 4 M I 2468 
7* CADILLAC Coupe Oeviti* Low 
____________ m ileage Sold tar >13,88o Take n ee d * som e 
>87oo 422 3424 
_ _ _ _ _ _ _ 
I t Cadillac Coupe D eville Beige with white top Excellent condi lion 
M oy be seen at 
18)8 W h ,.deb,and SUO! T il 1 ^ 7 
75 C A D IL L A C C o o p t D e v ille 
M id n i« h t blue, cafereiiet reef. cruise centrei. tilt wheel, stereo, power seat*, excellent condition 
$444o 442 37)3 otter 4 pm________ 

71 C A D IL L A C Coupe D e v ille 
Don't condition 
$2588 
Cash 
4*2 1*84 
74 
C A D IL L A C 
C O U P E 
D E V IL L E , loaded, leather in te r­ ior, excellent condition 
$549$ 
*14 oS44 
” 
_ 

72 Cadillac Ope Deville 
LOADED! I 57,488 m ile* 
*2795 
JAMISON M ir* Seguin 12) 5161 
44 CADILLAC. 4 dr sedan 
New rodiat tire* $545 414 1774 
197) Cadillac El D o rad o , fully loaded best atter o 7 344* 
__ 
1 75 Cadillac EIDaraOo C o nverti­ ble 
Lew miles, excellent cand 
114 76*4_____________________ ___ 
CADILLAC Eldorado 1974 Sun- reef, mint condition 
$52o8 
« * f .i l i l _____________ _ 

SPECIAL 
FREE 1977 LICENSE PLATES 

 during H i* m onth of M arch on any n o w car told In our in ven to ry. W a h a va rho largos* Bolection in Texas to choose from at special savings on e v e ry car. 

“ M F *’r e T h * D e a le r T h a t M a k e s T h e F t w t R ig h t ” 
O.R. MITCHELL CHRYSLER-PIYMOUTH 
“ The Deafer Tho* Tails It Lika It Is" 

2 8 o o BROADW AY 
EVENINGS 
(A ero** fo rm B ra cke n rid g e P a rk) 

 m CADILLAC r n C U M M 

47 C A DILLA C. Excellent cond! lie n , body and in te rio r , new transm ission, brand new tire *) 
Need* engine $$8o 47* 711) 

$i.*S8. will trad* tar gold com* or body end tender work 344 2411, pyx tar Ru*h Atter 6 341 USS 
_ 
48 Cadillac Nice but need* a little work New battery $588 Atter I 
■ ii t m 
______ 

’69 CADILLAC 8128o 
One owner Lew m ile* A* fine a* there IU ! t i t 445*_______________ 
71 C A D IL L A C Sedan D e v ille . 
•ie - * o o ■ u I * excellent 444 5186 
75 Cadillac Sedan Seville Sin#!* owner ail extra*, law mileage 
114 8444_________________________ 

75 CADILLAC SEO Deville 
Lo mi W arranty TAS Q I* /___ 

72 C A DILLA C C ALAIS 
4 Door, E xcellent C ondition *2,ISO 
P o y* 4*4 345*. N ig h t* 4*4 6o84 i»7* c o u p e D e v i l l e " C om al* fete equipped Like n e w 11 341 1415 
7* COUPE D E V IL L E , 5.o8o itll. 
5*85o or be*! otter i i i o441 
77 C oup* D e v ille 
3,6oo m ile * 
$1o.ooo Coil 733 o* 76 
74 COUPE DE W IL IE 
White b ra m e $465o E xcellent 
Ontv *V>o m ile * *55 OHS 
7t C oupe D e v ille 
E x c e lle n t cand 
52,8oo m ile * U nder Slue 
Book 344 1*3o 
74 COUPE D E V IL L E , loaded I emeer, low m ileage Ole 48o* 
, j 
7o COUPE DE V IL L E ~ 
>1888 384 8137 j lh CPE DEVILLE 8665o. 
H o t E ve ry O ption! 5 new lire ** im m a cu la te 1 M u tt Sen* 816 8748 
I 
71 ELD O R A D O E x tra th o r p !! 
M u tt s a crifice M ake o tte r Call 
MR S E N N E TT i l l o*84 
_ 
*7) ELDO RADO Goad to iid dean c a r’ ! Take up paym ent* and a t ta m e balance 
M r 
Bennett 
I 212-8*84 
_________________ 
71 ELDO RADO 
WM te ll far $33*5 14* 1474 
____ 
75 
F le e tw o o d 
B ie u g h a m dElegance, loaded I ow ner, im m aculate $8,36o 341 1124 E to n mg*, 34*-81*7___________________ 
72 Fleetw ood B ro u g h a m Load ed like new M u tt *#*!' *57 OI** 
L u xu ry 1973 Fleetwood Bougnum d elegante 4 dr ail eauip 227 *3o8 
Or 824 4444_____________________ 

OWNER MUST SELL ONE! 
47 C A D ILLA C E x tra nice $1)oo 
72 CH EVY IM P A LA Sport Coupe 
22,ooo m t., lik e n e w , $1*oo 
344-481*, 34* 24o7 

★ INSTANT CASH ★ 
PAID ON THE SPOT 

CUAN USED CARS AND TRUCKS 
STOP IN FOR FREE APPRAISAL 

USED CAR DEPT. 

TOM BENSON CHEVROLET 
9 4 o o SAN PEDRO 

 s p e c ia l 
FREE 1977 LICENSE PLATES 

 during the month of M arch on any n ew car sold in our in ven to ry. W e h a v e the largest selection in Taxas to choose from at special savings on o v a ry cor. 

“ W e 're Th* D ealer That M ekee The Rrlee R ig h t" 
O.R. MITCHELL CHRYSLER-PIYMOUTH 
“ The Deafer That Tails It Lika It Is " 

2 8 o o BROADW AY evenings 
(Aero** form Brackenridge Park) 

734 CHEVROLET 
734 CHFVSOtfT 

71 
BISCAYNE 
6*o-4*24 sedan 
$72$ 

Ti Com oro AM -FM radio, auto ■ air, pow er. Spoiler G roup $ 5 **i or best offer 
A tte r 
5 p m 
43$-8l>7___________ _ 
7$ C o m o ro 
E x c e lle n t c o n d 
Lauded 
6** o447 
(answ er m aching) 
/* C am ara excellen t condition, fu lly loaded low m ile a g e , c a ll 
*4o *14* on er 7 pm 

RUH CADILLAC 
117 LE X IN G T O N 
74 Sedan D e v ille 
2o OOO m iles, he* new cond *57 11*8 

7} C A M A R O , lo a d e d 
A b o v e a v e ra g e , s ilv e r , b le c k to p 
1)744*1, 337 722*________ _ 
~75 CAMARO CT 
Fully loaded• * 
26 OOO m ile* W ill Finance 
1oo% fin a n c in g a v a ila b le C a ll 
Boo 
P uente 111 le u 
75 Com oro CT gauge package, pow er, e ir, duals, exalter*! cond 
Odutt ow ner 213 7474 4*4 5o2* 
•71 C o m a r t p o w e r s te e r in g b ra k e *, a ir. re a r sp e a ke r*, iv * green with whit# vin yl root Best 
114 H H o tte r' 114 #456 
76 C A M A R O ) 4 c y lin d e r ,! 
F U LLY E Q U IP P E D JA) 1424 

71 Com oro Type LT 
Silver and reg, leaded $4t6o i i i *142 
___ 
'7o CAMARO YO. outo. a ir power steering, only 54 OOO m i $1545 
11 >5 BROADW AY 
_ l l ) 1514 
74 Cam ara 35o VO. auto . pawer, a ir 
AM F M . 24 5oo m i 
B ro w n beioe v in y l top E xce lle n t cond 
$4475 534 I H I 
653 IQ78_________ 
49 CO m ero C o n v e rtib le . 4 c y l , auto , o ra n g e a n a w h ite , good condition Clean inside l l ) 41)1 ext l l otter 4 IO 64) 1446_____ 
CAPRICE CLASSIC 1*74 
)4 VOO m ile* Loaded, m ust sell lo k i up paym ent* M ust ask tor Don H a iti 
I ttt-om l l Caprice 4 dr block oir power excellent $ I IOO 6*2 2o46_________ 
74 C A P R IC E L a n d a u I d o o r 
P o w e r e v e r y t h in g !! 
S te re o , c ru is e , t i l t w h e e l 
A s s u m e paym ent*, and balance C all M r 
Bennett 22? o984_____________ 
'71 C oorie*, I ow ner, w e ll m om - tqmed loaded >1444 4*4 8o6 2 _ 
49 Cheve!!# 2 d r h a rd to p 
14o. 
4 spa look* and ru n * guod 175o 
_ I 4475*43 1-447 49)1 

/ 34 CHEVROLET 

‘74 Chouette Laguna Loaded, un tau#' 5)2oo Call 
344 7185 

68 Chevelie, new 28) cg in engine 
Auto V ery clean *85o 4*o 8o7$ u tter 4 w n * dor v 
___ 
73 C h e v e n *! im p a le E x c e lle n t cond Lew m ileage 44) 2oo4 atter 
4 Wpm 
_________ 
7 5 C H E V R O L E T C A P R IC E lo a d e d ' 18o% F in a n cin g a * oho 
Si t . I® !' 
JM'Q G o n o 222 84U 
75 CHE VR OL E T GOOD TRAN 
SPOR T AT ION No down paym ent required 
Coli 
Juno 
G o n e 
222 OOH_________________ _______ 
74 C h e v ro le t im p a la 2 d o o r 
C oup* Assum e p a y m e n t* C a ll 
Bravo *22 4)1o or 42) 44)1 

47 C H E V R O L E T , K tn g s w o o d w a e o n , M k t new r a d ia l* , a ir shocks, good tend *U 4o X I 1882 t* C h e va le t M oiibo Classic Low m ile a g e 
No e q u ity 
A s s u m e paym ent* Coil B ravo *21 6 )t# ar i i i 

734 CHEVROLET 

7* C H E V R O L E T M o n te C o rl# . w ill finance w ith some c re d it Call 
Weedy 43) U48 
74 C hevrolet Nave V t . outom p tic power, fa cto ry air new tire * 
77 license 
$27*5 
W ill trod e 
42) 788) 
1*71 C H EV RO LET 
, ton pick up. 
IW B Coli I 6*3 487o 
*7 C H EV R O LET V 8 AUTO 
5)5o_______ _ 
*2) 3838 
7) C H E V Y 
C a p ric e 
E s ta te w a e o n , * p a s s e n g e r, p a w e r steerng broke*, auto a ir. $1*oo turn , 344-167o 
73 C h e v y C A P R I C E 
4 d o o r h a rd to p 
I o w n e r li o o m ii e i, 
52 25o 226 1244 M r S o*** 
46 C h e w C aprice 
_______ 1488 CaN l l * 7184 
74 C h e v y C o u p e H a tc h b a c k 
12 pius B i, a m f m s te re o , a ir power. VO 4 I litre 6,686 m i $41*5 
474 o175 w k d ay * I J ; 484 8861 ofter 6 and w kend* 
__________ i n t ,1 in,UUU, . ,. ult * (tool aute. a ir, p ow er 
*495 *o% fin a n tin g availab le 224 441o 

Eighth Page 
Express-News— Thursday, March 3, 1977 

73o-743 - AUTOMOBILES 
73o743-AUTOMOBILES 
73o743 AUTOMOBILES 
73oJ43 AUTOMOBILES 
738-743 -AUTOMOBILES 
73o-743-AUTOMOBILES 
THC LAT CST HITS 

NOVA COUPES 
MONTE CARLOS 
77 NOVA COUPE rn 
2 door, tinted glass, bod y side m oldings, air conditioning, power brakes, 
2 5 o 6 cylinder, 
3-speed m anual 
^ transm ission, power steering, full w heel 
^ covers, white stripe tires, A M radio, vinyl interior 
~ 7 7 o 5 8 3 
’77 NOVA COUPE 

2 door, tinted glass, bod y side m oldings, pow er brakes, 3 o 5 V 8, turbo hydramatic transm ission, pow er 
. steering, full wheel covers, white stripe 
^ tires, A M radio, heavy duty radiator, vinyl 
‘ interior, two tone paint . . . it 7 7 o 8 o 2 
••••••••••••••••••• 

425o 

426o 

$ 

$ 

CAPRICE CLASSIC 
.••••••••••••••••••A 
’77 CAPRICE CLASSIC COUPE 

’77 MONTE CARLO COUPE 

2 door, power steering, pow er brokes, electric clock, tinted glass, deluxe bod y side m oldings, air conditioning, sport mirrors. 3 o 5 V 8, turbo hydram atic transm ission, radial white stripe tires, w indshield antenna, rally wheels, vinyl interior . 
. st 7 7 o 8 7 5 . 
’77 CONTE CARLO COUPE 

2 door, power steering, pow er brakes, electric clock, tinted glass, deluxe bod y side m oldings, floor mats, door edge guards, air con ditioning, sport mirrors, 3 o 5 V S, turbo hydram atic transm ission, radial white stripe tires, w indshield antenna, rally w heels, vinyl in­ terior . . . ss 7 7 o 7 1 8 . . 
’77 MONTE CARLO LANDAU COUPE 

3 5 o , 4 borrel V -8, 2-door, pow er steering, pow er brakes, electric clock, tinted gloss, floor m ats, air conditioning cruise m aster speed control, turbo hydram atic transm ission, tilt steering wheel, radial white stripe tires, windshield antenna, bum per rubber strips, a u x ­ iliary lighting, fashion tone styling, vinyl roof cover, deluxe seat belts . . . St 7 7 o 5 4 o 
’77 MONTE CARLO LANDAU COUPE 

3 5 o , 4 barrel V-8, 2 door, pow er steering, pow er brakes, electric clock, pow er door lock system , tinted glass, pow er w indow s, deluxe bod y side molding, floor mats, air conditioning, cruise m aster speed control, turbo hydrom otic transm ission, tilt steering wheel, radial white stripe tires, windshield antenna, bum per rubber strips, oux 

 d ia r y lighting, vinyl roof cover, vinyl interior 
SS 7 7 o 5 3 9 

5278 

5297 

# 

MALIBU COUPES 

77 CHEVILLE MALIBU COUPE 

2-door, tinted glass, b o d y side m oldings, air conditioning, pow er brakes, 2 5 o six-cylinder, turbo hydrom otic transm ission, pow er steering, full w heel covers, radial white stripe hres, windshield antenna, exterior 
J 
M C S # V 
£ 

 decor package, vinyl interior 
SS 7 7 o 8 3 3 . 
*478o 
77CHEVELLE MALIBU COUPE 

2 door, tinted gloss, oir conditioning, pow e r brakes, 3 o 5 V -8 , turbo hydrom otic transm ission, pow er steering, radio! white stripe tires, w m dsheld, a n ­ tenna, exterior decor p ackage , rally wheels, vinyl interior . . . SS 7 7 o 7 8 1 . 

 brakes, JUD V B , turbo 
‘489o ; 

$58oo 

$59oo • 
NOVA 4-DOOR SEDANS 

I door. deluxe color keyed seat belts, tinted glass, color keyed tloor mots, body side 

 moldings, door edge guords. air conditioning, remote control mirror, cruise master 

 speed control, 3oS V S, turbo hydromotic Irons mission, tilt steering wheel, radial white stripe tues, 
N windshield antenna, bumper guords. powet steering, 
^ power brokes, full wheel covets St 77o763 
573o 
'77 CAPRICE CLASSIC COUPE 

? door, power door lock system, tinted gloss, powet windows, color keyed floor mats, body stele moldings, door edge guards, an conditioning, remote control mirror, custom two tone point cruise master speed control, 3o5 V 8, turbo hydromotic transmission, tilt steering wheel, rodiol white stupe tires, diqitol 
I fur 
. . . dock. AM IM stereo rodto bumper rubbef stripes bumper qurds. auxiliary hqhtinq, bullism vinyl 5o 5o seats, power stetting, power brokes, full wheel covers a 77o85o 
$63oo 
••••••••••••••••••• 

CAM ARO COUPES 
9 • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • 
I 77 CAMARO SPORT COUPE 

’77 NOVA 4-DOOR SEDAN 

Tinted gloss, 
2 5 o six-cylinder, 
3-speed monuo! transm ission, pow er steering, full w heel covers, white stripe tires, w indshield antenna, heavy duty radiator, vinyl interior 
. . . a 7 7 o 4 6 1 . 
77 NOVA 4-DOOR SEDAN 

I 
4 door, tinted gloss, b o d y side m oldings, air conditioning, pow er brakes, 3 o 5 V S , 
I turbo hydrostatic transm ission, pow er steering, full wheel covers, white stripe 
I tires, A M radio, vinyl interior . 
( a 7 7 o 7 o 6 
^ 

‘38oo 

‘462o 

$ 

MALIBU 4 -D O O R 
•••••••••••••••••A** 
77 CHEVELLE MALIBU SEDAN 

4 door, tinted glass, air conditioning, pow er brakes, 2 5 o six-cylm d er, turbo hydram atic transm ission, pow er steering, full w heel covers, radial white stripe tires, A M radio, e x ­ terior decor package, vinyl interior a 7 7 o 7 4 2 
‘4835 

 rn rn 

9 
2-door, tinted glass, air conditioning, sport mirrors, r n console, power brakes, 3 o 5 V-8, turbo hydramatic transmission, full wheel covers, white stripe tires, elec- w trie clock, windshield antenna, style trim group . . . 
# 
# 77o827. 
2 77 CAMARO SPORT COUPE 

 a 
2-door, tinted glass, air conditioning, sport mirrors, 
^ console, power brakes, 3 o 5 V-8, turbo hydramatic 
MD transmission, radial white stripe tires, windshield an- 
9 tenna, rally wheels, style trim group . . . # 7 7 o 7 o 5 . 
••••••••••••••••••••••••••••• 

$ 

515o 

525o 
MALIBU 4-DOOR SEDANS 
••••••••••••••••••• 
' 77 CHEVELLE MALIBU SEDAN 

IN SU R A N C E and 
F IN A N C IN G 
AV AILABLE/ 
CARS 

4 door, tinted ala**, air conditioning, pow r brokes, 3 o 5 V B , turbo hydrom otic tram - 
9 m ission, power steering, full wheel covers, rodiol white stripe tires, A M radio, vinyl in- 
o tenor . . . a 7 7 o 7 4 o 
‘49oo J 
CHEVROLET 

IN SU R A N C E and 
F IN A N C IN G 
A V A ILA BLE! 

CH EV Y V A N 

► ’77 Vi-TON SHORT Z 
> 
WHEEL BASE CHEVY VAN rn 
TRUCKS 

77 FLEETED! PICKUP 
'-I w ■■**»■* Im*. SWM n|dw tv** •— dMlWW* lime lite Mi MMI WHI WMW IMW* ll ll WM UlMw 
Im * • uM I t i ran* t i n y 1 IM Cl • I W aal >wW e,e>* 

TrcJryvgr: ^ 
^ 
® wZ A M B S ** 
• Sgffs *4345 : 
9 
***p**»*we a m i l t 
WW WMT o 
••••••••••• 

 r-**M niiu » . * » i tut 
• 

 m y y — 1 
C l " # # # C twvrmmm tm mm NMRfN*mttrw, J********* 
A rn rn a«*wB,.^«d md ta**— md nam * nay! k***e 
^ 

Tis----------------------------------------- 

EL C A M IN O 

 m’77 EL CAMINO CLASSIC PICKUP • 
• 

 t - *’ 
**"• «*•* 
N*w —WI Watt, MW* • # 
9 
•yiw Mf pf*, rn Mfmj+o VMI a...*.., m, I MnX it WM tut* w 
• 

M U W i n 
* 
, 
I W 
M 
,<u n *e r n * y u m I IU r a n u «M m Im I a d m i 
— *• w r y , m u . M u tt* UMM. AM U U M n . A u , m o u r n , a _ r n u a n 
W 
• 
*5545 • 

BLAZER D E M O N ST R A T O R 
• ’76 BLAZER DEMONSTRATOR* 
IP Utility with leg. I cylinder, tinted Bless. oh w»ethyl air conditioning, front, stoniest mviot 
A 
A iocktna drttyiynhnl, V I tngmt, 4oo CIO, lethe hydtemotK tionvttnttion, JI go Mon fuel ^ bink, feel tank shield piety, comtortilt steeling wheel, power steeling, heavy duty battery, 
^ eiectnc ikxk, AM pushbutton radio ihiomed guile steel belted radial whitewalls, spatial M two tone point. Cheyenne equipment bitte and white, 
I blue custom vinyl bucket seats. Hadar hitch ,. . 
*45o/1 
USI PRICE 117*4 4o 
I 
T O U R F R I C I 
••••••••••••••••A** 
‘71oo 

 e m ie * . Aum a w * . e m n ip * y » l i rn mu* Mn* AU. IAU im iyi|M> Mn, ^ null t md ll 
MI tm 

 rn 77 FLEETSIDE PICKUP m 
, im Mw* alw 
4 6 e t u i. t««ue .M i l**ini**M % MUM 
• 
Arni U* WI i <W i 
* va wa* >»w**u 

Nof NBW*!I, 
IhmhI 'mm i MRW my MWA 111* mw.. 
^ 
• 

 md I nm (krm m 4 rh*** d v w H i 
% M w% A f T 
M b 
SO**! r4MBb*f dflftwtfTjtii 
SdivtM EBdhb 
Sr^jk 
Mr 
Tywiyn 
- * 
W rn* m u y u * t 
W t M iy e 
W F A w W # W F 
• 
• 
o 77 FLEETSIDE SILVERADO PICKUP 
• 
Si w * M A W M f* - * ’ en . * e u * j mm p ti u w i M«»n ii* 
• haw Be* ***** Mi A u * i UM I in A u Mu, «*•< hm iya|i im uie. 4 14 nw. mm* ug«r*, im *y*— e» -I-, m«nNi mu* e«<r 
• 

 y m u W W * < 4 * y 
4 S i C I B , 4 Awn *! hmBw A f* .m w * i i u i u i i i —« 
* 6 
MIW*, A m* M 
W 
A. leederttB Hum Mm nnuM i*M ymu nma* W 
_ 
4W 
CC mn Mw** WU* Bel** IiuW m* MMU a. u*F 
M*. A* •• J lr *6725* 

SUBURBANS 

• 77 >/, ION SUBURBAN 

W mw lido*** mm* in, M um *1 im w i.Wn..,.. *6 
• 

*l wiimW* 11 l l* Mitt MMI urn M u, MI, N m ani im M i W m a tin , IWF wWc M B mw*, a a * wad awa* tumwl. VB mw 
. a m , *SB CLB, I M M mm k,*r*a — i i. m aw im* ll 
• E'srsiftsas'ssvftra • 
A 
M M M u « W aWM * .m M u . u 
W 

 a* Am yam ant 
**i a d ie— '• wa 

^ 
ST C m n a ^J m w . MW i - T f i S ^ 
J P J 
Q 
J 

 ar 77 Vt TON SUBURBAN 
Z w 
««w MMHt nam laWap m u tm Waae FAU. u rn awd 
J I B ft i f Ii i >s«a«§fMNM% ItBdHHi 
B-.IW' n M * 
MNI 
™ r * * * 
*** u * 
'w > e tm* 

W 
MMM* 
-aWM 
M IF . a m 
M u 
” 

• 
= T f j r c r - taw* " d r u m 

DEMONSTRATORS 
.••••••••••••••••rn d * ’76 LUV DEMONSTRATOR 
9 
|^^ewd>n *i*i *B, a M u u p m MW 
M I a , ■ a t* Mn a k a * * a « F N m . AM yw«A» 
DD u w 
« 
' 
* s w t 
**jR£ ‘AAI 
• 
• 

 r o o d ye K l 

...„ r- * 8 2 7 5 * 

*4 4 o o : 
Z '76 LUV DEMONSTRATOR 
o 

• 

W d w ^ w a w w d g J 

U U a m a * M w y w ii a w e t a m . ate i* . u 
C J R 
E g 
9 md »u 
AAM .aa. aes*/! 
UBI NKI 
♦ A 
U 
# ^ 
ISS** ss ro u e m k i y W r n J L « # rn. 

DUE 
TO 
SMITHS 
MATURE 
PRICING 
POLICY, ALL PRICES 
INCLUDE 
DESTINA­ 
TION 
CHARGE end 
DEALER 
PREPARA­ 
TION! 

CHEVROLET 

D O W N T O W N 
1221 B R O A D W A Y 
TRU CK M A L L 
1121 B R O A D W A Y 
* THI ONLY ENCLOSED HUCK MAU IN THE SOUTHWEST a 
223-4281 

B T M FW flH T Sro iW M B 7o2 

 r 
V 
V 
E 
M l 
E 
U 
' S 

“ SPECIALS” 

75 MERCURY pourer sud extras, original, (loon >4795 
•76 FORD * ’,« X 

Cougar Xt7 coup#, factory air, all r and extras, original, (loan factory air, oil power and c r o n e 
•aw..................................... O L V o 
’73 BUICK * ^ J t T . ^ #r - . 'T T.‘249S 

• T A / 'U K W * e*te fort ary air, all s r o n e 
J O L it t v I power and ultras, only IO,MO m ilos.. 
5 4 “ 5 
•75 TORONADO ^ : " Z ^ ‘"",,“ ’.'579S 

‘ f i w X ! ’:.>4895 
75 BUICK 2T!«£Tw^ ® s’X " "T . *429$ 

’ T A f t I n e Curto” coupe, factory air, all s r a o r 
LZ l l/ J pawer ana extra*, stereo, cruise, mags 
5 4 / 5 

’73 CADIUAC SuJL'!#««S,nr:.-!r,T.‘3695 

76 OLDS i ^ 
^ 
X 
X 
& l p°w". ,399S 

•76 C H R Y S L E R ^ , , rT . ‘5795 set or air, all power and ex- s o n A r top, clean............................. o a t ) 
72 MAZDA RX3 S W f t ift S jS ..* 995 

'75 FORD * '^ /;.?:.rZ .:X i,'"',’',,'4295 
’76 OLDS 
‘4995 

12,ooo MIU OR 12 MONTH MOTORS INSURANCE CORP. 
MECHANICAL INSURANCE AVAILABLE ON MANY OE OUR 
74 OR NEWER MODELS. 
"CONFIDENCE IS CAVEN DER" 
Cavender Oldsmobile Co. 
1oo1 Broadway • 226-7357 • 226-8772 

73o-743 AUTOMOBILES 
73o-743 AUTOMOBILES 
73o-743 AUTOMOBILES. 73o 743 AUTOMOBILES 
Express-News— 
Thursday, M arch 3, 1977 
N in th P a g e 

734 CHEVROLET 
73o-743 AUTOMOBILES 

74 V EG A K A M B A C K , auto. air, excellent cond, 17,ooo mi, sites 
624-24oo 

735 CHRYSLER 

BOERNE MOTORS INC 
C H R Y S L E R S 
P LY M O U T H S 
DO DGE and GMO P IC K U P S 
82) No Main Boerne 249-3564 
D IR EC T L IN E 
226 5515 
7$ C H R Y S L E R CO RD OBA 
Low mileage, am tm stereo 
653 o296 eves, weekends 

1 1 3 o B R O A D W A Y 
SPECIALS 

’71 MAVERICK X E S . w f T * *125o iy a f\BDT "4 
P°" 
74 DAK I whitewalls WCBOower, mr, vinyl roof, 
o7 

‘72 C H R Y S L E R , low mileage, ex cellent cond. SIo95, 69o-9924 

MARCH SPECIAL 

•TS C H R Y S L E R N E W P O R T Cgs tom 2-door. Pow er, stereo A s­ sum e p a ym e n ts, and $2881 balance. 
Coll 
Mr 
Bennett 
222 o986 
•62 C H R Y S L E R N EW Y O R K E R 
661-2938 after 5, weekends 
67 C H R Y S L E R Newport. 4 door. excellent condition, $6oo-341-4778 
C H R Y S L E R PLY M O U T H C IT Y 
7ooo NW LOO P 41o a1 Culebro 
684-661o 

’7o FURY III whitewalls, real (leon 
• YI nm ADA Custom, 4-door, power, air, 
/ I KUI A K A vinyl roof, (leon.............. 
,, q fDftW/U 
4 d°of> original and 
O O v K U W Ie tlwn, power, air, vinyl roof. Mow twa nAisnr Colt wagon, air, 4 speed, radio, 
74 DODGE heoter, sharp ................. 
74 SATELLITE vinyl roof, whitewallsoreal dean *295o 
73 CHALLENGER [55% 

MOW....................................... 

*295o 
*135o 
*145o 
* 99o 
*235o 

71 
C H R Y S L E R 
S T A T IO N 
WAGON M UST S E L L 222 1342 
•7o C H R Y S L E R Town & Countrv wagon, good transportation $$*$ 
349-2674 
75 Cordoba, power, air. cruise. 
$485o 922 3426 922 2281 

74 MONACO 
69 MONACO 
76 MARQUIS 

76 CORDOBA You name It! ll * got ll!! Assum e paym ents and botonee Coll G U E R R A 222-o986 
JA C K R E IG E R 
C H R Y S L E R P LY M O U T H 
581o SAN P E D R O 
732 8211 
■7o N E W P O R T sed an , 4 door, 
63.ooo carefull miles. $1o95. air. all power, 824-4612 
76 N E W Y O R K E R Brougham , super loaded 
In clu d es pow er sun roof, In w a r r a n ty 87695. 
653-8258 eves, weekends. 

•67, 3oo Sport Coupe, white- black beauty $775 342-6922______________ 

736 DODGE 

•72 C H A L L E N G E R , Very Clean! il4?S- 828 6355 after 7 696 o3o3 

 roof. extra i 
4-door Extra (lean, power, air, vinyl roof WAS $1495 MOW... 
4 door Low mileage, power, air, vinyl roof.............. 
/’ATAI IBI A ^ door, original and dean, 
13 C A I A U N A power and oir.............. ernrkl * 4 door, swr.'tr. otr, vinyl 
/ o A i r t N roof like new t . A pi mu in Hardtop, all extras, power, air, 
It) rUKT III vinyl roof, whitewalls Mire..... 
•TO DCI AID 4 rtoor, outontatir, power steering, 
/O DCI AIK radio, heater, whrtewolls, redured to.......................................... i« . rABn Galoxie SOO 4-door, power, oir, all 
1 1 rUKD extras Shorp .................... 
ITO UAUEDirif 2doof' Po**'’ rod'°' 
IL mAVcKIClV heater, small VB, thorp MOW leg AAftU Afft 
'•don- 
/ 3 ITI vie A VV air, vinyl roof, original and dean ..................................... pi inv iii 4 doot. off extras, power, ok, 
73 rUKT III whitewolU, redured to. 

•73 Challenger, power steering, b rake s, all a cce sso rle e. W SW tires. 
Extra clean. 
Must sell! 
224-6956 

73 DART 

Sedan Deville. 21,ooo miles 

Coupe Deville, 33,ooo miles 

•75 CADILLAC 
•75 CADILLAC 
'74 PONTIAC SSi , w” °" 
>3295 
•74 OLDSMOBILE H W 
— 

’73 OLDSMOBILE 

Hardtop, ,^ 2 9 5 

,ir ton *2295 
73 PONTIAC 4 door, oir ronditioned, power 
*1995 
72 CHEVROLET power...... air conditioned, $ ^ 9 5 

72 CHEVROLET Molibu Hardtop, air ronditioned *1995 
72 CHEVROLET Caprice, ok ronditioned, power *1995 
•y2 PONTIAC ^ron<*Pru Hard,oP’oir con<f'hohed. g ^ 9 9 5 

74 FORD Ranchero Pickup ..................... 
73 CHEVROLET El Comino Pickup............ 
71 CHEVROLET 9 poatenger Wogon igi) DIMFV electra 22S, 4 door hardtop, arr con 
IL DUHR ditioned, power 
72 BUICK Electra, 2 door Hardtop 
71 CHEVROLET Impala, oir ronditioned, power 
72 COMET 4 door, air ronditioned, power 
71 FORD LTD Hardtop, on ronditioned, power 
72 GMC pickup........................... 
71 OLDSMOBILE 8 8 4 door Hardtop — 
SOUTHSIDE MOTORS 

2 8 o 3 S .W . M ilita ry 

923-5955 

*2195 
*1995 
*1895 
*1895 
‘1795 
*1795 
*1795 
*1795 
‘1795 
*1595 

■ 73 C hallen g er. 
224-4622, David 
Lo ad ed ! C a ll: 

•75 Charqer. excellent condition 
653-8211 or 828-85o3 
69 Charger. Good condition. $9*5 
Call 342-2192______________________ 

72 CHARGER SE 
All power, FM stereo. Air. New tires. 224 6956_________________ 
•74 Colt Wogon, auto . air, 21 24 mpg., $26*5 
Ask tor M r. C o r­ rigan, 652-2597, 824-8*19 494 3332 
66 DART, good condition, $4oo 
Coll 533 $o28 ofter 6 pm _______ 
’69 DO DGE Charger, new paint, tires 44o-4 speed. $85o 658 51 SS 
•72 Dodge Colt Coupe real gas s a v e r * c y l. IO M P G $129$ 
922 3856, Oft 333 6o1o ext 37$ 
'7$ Dodge Coronet, sport model. oil extras, low m ileage, perfect condition. Coll 346 7851_________ 
56 Dodge Coronet. '6$ Ford Fast­ back 289 494-6911; 494 3164. 

*279o 
*275o 
*1295 
*485o 
*225o 
*415o 
*119o 

*159o 
‘165o 
*17oo 

*2 2 o o 
*225o 
*24oo 
*28oo 
*26oo 
*35oo 
*445o 

MATA 
CADILLAC 

317 LEXINGTON 

226-7221 

12,ooo MI./12 MO. 

CADILLAC VALUE 
PROTECTION PLAN 
SERVICE AGREEMENT 
ON MOST 77, 76, 
75, and 74 MODELS 

C A D ILLA C S 

COUPE Of VI ILE 
Blue Blue — 
SEVILLE 
Silver Silver 

*1145o 
*1o5oo 

EIDOKAOOCOMV.. . . . . 
Yellow Yellow 
IW U U 
ELDORADO 

Sport, power, ait, vinyl roof, small 
V 8............................... i—a rftKDC Deville, MI power, oir, all eitros, 
11 vUUr t original and dean. .............. 

 l y e l A J k D f t l l l C 4 door' M l P<T r’ o'r' o,1 
73 mAKwUli extras, vinyl roof Was J339S tiltiru Begat Coupe, all extras, power, air, 
74 DUIvK vinyl roof Sharp................. rUADrCD Power, air, AM FM stereo, vinyl 
/ J LnAKutK roof, original and clean 
• mr ttru Century landau hardtop, power, oir, . . mam 
75 BUICK vinyl roof MOW .................. 44UU 
74 DODGE outomohr, 
, P . , , " 
, 4 3 o o 

'74 NEWPORT 
K U T !1 '325o 
'76 El CAMINO SS 
S X F . '525o 

O.R. MITCHELL DODGE 
113o BROADWAY rv?Nwos 227-2283 

•73 Oodge Coronet Custom 318 
VB, power, «-dr. Sedan. Vinvl roof, air. excellent mechanical cond. 
658 9o72. 
•64 Dodge D art 4-door, 6 Stan- dord. $425, best oHer. 455-5255 
•73 Dodge D art. 4, factory air, power steering, $2,15o. 648 3562. 
A L W A Y S 
A BETTER BUY 

AT JACK RIEGER S! 

1973 Dodge Monaco 4 door hard top Loaded Cruise control. 4o,ooo miles $2195 655-4983 
1975 Dodge Royal Monaco. M ov­ ing out of town Refinance. Fully loaded 673-85o3_____________ 
•68 Polora. 2 dr hardtop, black vinyl top, silver bottom, blue in­ terior, 318 V8, auto., air. power ste e rin g and b ra k e s , ra d io , heater $695 all I 438 7153 Otter 5 
4* Road Runner 
En gin e fully roce^^ooksjm odiijJJ> oon£6329 

75 CORDOBA 
Maroon leather interior. 22,ooo miles. I booh at................................... 

75 VALIANT 

Duster, slant A, oir and pawer, S new tires, geed color.................. 

*4795 

‘2795 

SPECIAL 
FREE 1977 LICENSE PLATES during the month of M arch on any new car sold in our inventory. W e have the largest selection in Texas to choose from at special savings on every car. 

" W e ’re Th# G ao le r That M o k e s The P H ca M ight” 
O.R. MITCHELL CHRYSLER-PLYMOUTH 

“The Dealer That Talls It Lika It Is ” 
28oo BRO ADW AY 
IV IN IN O S 
(A cro ss fo rm B ra c k e n rid g e P a rk ) 

737 FORD 

 r 
'76 LORD LTD 
- 

I 
I 
I 
I 

Station Wagon 

734 CHEVROLET 

7] C H E V Y impala. 2 dr hrdtop. 
VS. auto power, air, excellent. 
Low mi $2395 734-9344 
67 C h e w Im p olo 
Call 674 1556 
Best ofter 

734 CHEVROLET 

■47 Malibu $675. 64 impoia $S$o. new point, stond, owner. 432 435o 

62 C H E V Y Impolo Running con 
Aition $295 677 8o98______________ 
71 Chevy Impala Wagon $4,ooo mi., air, power. C ruise, clean 
$22oo or best otter 494 581o 
69 C H E V Y Impoia. 327 Powerg hde, $225 532 6661 eves___________ 
197J C h e w M a lib u , A M F M . power disc brokes, 4 semi new 
Micheline tires. $2,19o or best oner 733 1658 Must sell__________ 
73 Chevy Malibu Laguna, auto. air. oni tm 34,ooo mi Excellent, 
528oo Owner 453-74o8____________ 

76 CHEVY MALIBU 
C L A S S IC 2 DOOR C O U P E 
Au tomatic. air. Fu lly loaded! Low mileage Like new 
.............. $4789 
H E M P H IL L M CCOM BS 
FO R D SO U TH SID E 
WPI $ w M ilitary 922 4117 et Chevy Malibu 127 eng , stick 

65 Molibu SS P o rtly restored, needs work 
Potential B e au ty! 
55oo or offer 6*o-1376____________ 
71 M A LIB U station Wagon 
^1275 
222-1312 

 luggage lack 
O n e o w n e r. 
•4625 
Coll Jot! Murray 
824-7311 Days 
349-1962 E v R n in gs^ j 

BANK REPOSSESSIONS 
A V A IL A B L E 
Toke up payments with qualified credit Applications accepted bv phone No application refused 
M R 
E A R L 
227-141$ 

. . . . . A rn* (2) Supreme Tudor, $2195, Salon 4-doer, 
73 CUTLAS) >2695. lath uke with air, pawer steering and brakes. 

ELDORADO 
Red-White. 
BROUGHAM 
White Blue__ 
SEDAN De Villi 
Beioe White 
CAULIS SEDAN 
Gold Brown.... 
COUTE DeVIUE 
Green White__ 
COUR! De Villi led-White..... 
COUR! De VI ll! 
Gold Brown .... 
COUR! De Villi 
1 Ivory Ivory.... 
CoU« DeVltl! 
* Belae Beige .... 
COUR! OeVIUi 
I Hue White ... 
COUR! OeVIUi 
* C/eam Ton . 
COUR! DeVIUE 
I Rosewood White 
. ELDORADO 
I Rosewood White 
. ELDORADO 
I Due Blue.... 
. ELDORADO 
I White White 
. BROUGHAM 
I Blue White .... 
. BROUGHAM 
I Blue Blue .... 
■ SIDAN DeVIUE 
► Orange White.. 
. SEDAM OeVIUi 
I Green-White .. 
. SEDAN DeVIUE 
I Brown White... 
. COUR! DeVIUE f Ton-Tan ..... 
. CAULIS COUR! 
► Blue ........ 
, ELDORADO 
I Red White j COUR! OeVIUi 
I Green White .. 
* COUR! OeVIUi 
J Willow-Brown 

*1o85o 
*1o95o 
*965o 
*8975 
‘795o 
‘859o 
*9675 
*969o 
‘965o 
*965o 
‘955o 
*9675 
*8995 
‘875o 
*829o 
*775o 
*839o 
‘799o 
*765o 
*769o 
‘765o 
*779o 
‘699o 
*625o 
*349o 
*219o 

75 CORDOBA 

 fps ii ct! prkt 

 with air and power, real sharp, boiga velour interior. 
Very ‘4295 
, , , PONTIAC GRAM 
I O 
PRU 
Maroon White 
*599o 

BIG COUNTRY FORD 
Son Antonio________Coil: 227 o86o 
Classic '7o T Bird, 4 door, looded. excellent condition. AM -FM ster­ eo. overhauled engine. I owner. 
$2ooo F IR M 824-3284 otter 6 pm 
72 C O UN TRY S Q U IR E W AGON 
E x tra seats Pu ll power v e r y cleon You needt Than I need too. - 
Com Wan 222-o984 
____________ I M I 
73 2 Door hardtop Ford Goiaxie 
5oo. good shope. $2,49$. Call Jim . 
494 2848 
194! FALCO N $325 
C A L L 533 1672 
•49 Falcon Wagon, good shape 
$45o7979 1 334-2337________ 
47 FA ST BA C K Mustang 4-speed 
289 engine $1o93 454 1ooo 
7$ F O R D C O U N T R Y S E D A N 
Station Wagon 
AM F M Stereo 
5349S, 341-1425 
____________ 

M A LIB U Wagon 1*7$, fully lood ed W ill help finance C all M r | 
G orto 433 1464___________________ 
74 Malibu Wagon * passenger, loaded, 12.ooo mi Like new $$o7$ 
4S4-442B 

’76 M O N TE C A R LO 
Fully loaded, take over payments, no i-guity Je rry Parrish, 349 4968 

OTHER MAKES AND MODELS 

71 FORD Wagon, vary dean . . . $1297. 73 
CHRYSLER 
Newport 
Custom, 
4-door 
. 
$1395. 72 PINTO Runabout, oir, automatic 
. . . $1195. 72 TOYOTA Corona, air and automatic . . . $1295. 73 FORD Torino Wagon 
. . . $1195. 72 DODGE Colt Wogon . . . $995. 
72 CHRYSLER Newport, sunroof, very sharp 
. . . $1595. 73 PLYMOUTH Fury 3, DPS car. . . 
$1195. 

JACK RIEGER CHRYSLER PL YM O U T H 
58oo SAN PEDRO 
732-8215 

•72 M O N TE C A RLO 
Loaded, colt. 341-3933 
•74 Monte Carlo, block, white ion dou toe. low m ilo a g t. looded 
$36oo 341 3361____________________ 
7o M O N TE C A R LO SS, 454 V8, auto. looded Bucket seats $1o5o 
I t l l BRO A D W A Y________ 223 1549 

■,nift, good carl 649 2143 
66 Chew Malibu ISO, 4 sod $4oo best otter 684 7241 oft 5___________ 
7$ C hew Monte 2 Pius 2 Hatch bock 
AM F M 8 fro ck , loaded 
Must sell! 931 4769________________ 
76 C H E V Y NOVA S (2) 
I 4 door; t-2 door, auto air, radio. low mi $3128 oo 712 *291, Pot 
828-6733 (pv#>. 
62 C how station Wagon 4 cyl 
HOO 822-3*41, *53 t i l l 
6* Chow Stoiion Wogon. IO po* striper Loodod11 $95o *24 3**o 
6} C h e w VS 4 dr . a ir, auto, 
>2,ooo miles $54$ 344 9o*8 
74 C hew Vega Excellent conEi- lion low miles *55 1*14 
67 C H E V Y VB, $45o or best otter, 
*34 *751 
68 C hew Wouon V 8, auto rodio. J hi atef, oir 84*5 926 3VVo_________ 
74 C H EV Y wagon. I soots, power ste e rin g , b ro k e s, s te re o , a ir j 
4*2 2228, Sit *123 
I 
Cleon 1*74 Used Cars At 
BU D G ET R EN T A CAR 149 4463 
H I N E I (lop 41o QI Airport Blvd 
45 IM PA LA , dean, rn out, needs 
Tone up. For into 679 7*4 9 to * 
73 IM P A L A 4 DOOR 
Assume payments, 924 5426 
IM P A L A 1*74 E X T RA c U S AN 
26,ooo 
M IL E S 
H A S 
T IL T . 
C R U ISE S T E R E O W ITH T A PE 
S P L IT E L E C T R IC S E A T S ANO 
W IN D O W S . 
T R U E L Y 
T H E 
N ICEST O N E 
IN TOWN $19oo 
*38 1*41 
74 impolo 14.1oo mi auto. JIO v*. air SM H *84-2431 
64 impoia Sign#., 4 dr., 282 V I. 
Rodio. factory air. I owner $45o 
Altor 4. 222-44BB 
*8 IM PA LA , standard, 2 dr. now tires runs good $45o *53 276* 
72 IM P A L A Station Wagon 
» poi* LO A D ED 
$229$ 
TOM BEN SO N IM PO R T S 
V6oo SAN P E D R O 
>41 HS* 
7o Imgglo V I, auto. air, new tiros. 
$9oo 223 UBS Rttqr $ 
L IT T L E OR NO C R E D IT 9 
It You Hove A jab ond $2oo 
We Can S E L L You A C a rli 
C l a r k s a u t o s a l e s 
1*18 West Avo 
734 79*9 
~>6 M A L IB U C L A S S IC 2 door 
Asuum e p a ym e n ts end $42*3 ouionce Coll G U E R R A 222 o*1*5 
7* M alib u C la s s ic 
O rig in a l owner, must soil worth $$,ooo 
Sacrifice $3*9$ 828 32o$ 

’71 MALIBU COUPE SIMO 
_______ 811o BR O A D W A Y ________ 
72 Molibu 4 door, air auto Ex ceilent condition! 128*14$ otter 
7 *9* o3o3 
7o Malibu 2 dr hardtop, auto . loaded cleon jlO tl 342 oo*2 
__ 
M A LIB U 1*7$ H A RD TO P, IO OOO 
M IL E S O N E O W N E R 
S W IN G 
O U T 
B U C K E T S 
C O N S O L E 
S H IF T 
B L A C K W IT H W H IT E 
H A LF TOP HAS MOST E X P E N 
S I V E S T E R E O A N O T A P E 
S A C R IF IC E ! $12oo OR B E S T 
O F F E R 4 U 1 A IJ 
— 
- 

1976 MONTE CARLO 
C H E V R O L E T AM FM S T E R E O 
Fu lly L O A D E D !) Bu rgun dy in color with Burgundy vinyl top 
IM M A C U L A T E '! 
$4*8* 
H E M P H IL L M CCO M BS 
FO RD SO U TH SID E 
1*o1 S W M ilitary 922 *317 

74 Mont* Carlo Landau Excel lent condition S349 S828 Ol$$ otter 
7 *9* o3o3 

’73 MONTE CARLO $277o 
Like new None nicer! 428 *959 
16 MONTE Carlo, like new Must sell Will help finance Call Man- j pal *3114*4. 
-73 
M onte 
C a rlo 
L o a d e d 
142 421*. Otter * 249-9479________ | i i Mont* Carlo Landau Tap*, and a ll pow er 
M ust s e ll im ­ mediately! Fair condition 1219$ 
COH Don Yarborough 111 8*11 
I I Monte C a rl* Lan d a u , a ir ,, power steerin g b rak e s, v in yl roof, now tires. $18oo bust otter 
73* 13o1 
16 MONTE C A RLO LA N D A U 
83*oo 821*219 
I 
MUST S E L L ! is Momo Assume p aym ents or poy oft b alan ce 
Atter * 34)1*8* 
NO EQ U IT Y l l CAM ARO 
___________ Cot! 916 S*1* 
7o Nova Coupe * cyl. floor shift, loaded new tires. t*So. H onk; 
I I I $385 lr* G ayle ________________ l l NOVA Coup* "V I. automatic, air, power steering, good condi­ tion, 114*$ 
U IS BRO A D W A Y________ H S I Sd* 
«* N O V A 4 d r, VU. a ir. law m ileag e 
Loo ks ru n s G r t o t l 
« 7 81o7 122 *291 
_________ 
$119$__________ 
I I N O V A H A T C H B A C K 
V I. automatic, power Cloam I Easy financed 
Musi sell 
Mr Bennett 
121 o91* 
1*7* Nova Hatchback Only HOO mi , still under w a rra n ty 
A ir power, automatic equity $1ooo, toko oyer payments Call SI* *47* ofter $ ond weekends_____________ 
7$ Neva SS. low mileage, must sell Coll otter Sp rn 6*4 3411 
Take aver payments on 7* Chevy 
Novo No equity Coll 124 7*6* ask for Dennis Atter > toll »$* P ill 
74 VEGA coupe. auto. air Nice cor $149$ 913*33*_______________ 
74 VEGA 2 door, "automatic, oir, solid!! Assum e paym ents, and small botonee 
Mr 
Bennett 
I I I o98* 
_________ 
72 Vega Excellent condition, now radials SISO $33 1*o*____________ 
73 V EG A GT 
Auto, air dean $129$ 494 6116 
74 V EG A GT SHOO 
Mare lot $o11 

1976 FORD ELITE 
AM F M S T E R E O F u lly LO A D 
EO I I Light blue in color with dark blue vinyl top ........................ $$389 
H E M P H IL L M CCO M BS 
FO R D SO U TH SID E 
19o1 S W M ilitary 412-4317 
'7$ Ford Elite Perfect condition 
AM FM . now tiros. Speed control. 
69o8554 atter * wkdavs. anytime wkrnds 
______________ 
** Ford Falcon Fu to ro Sports 
Coupe 
289 VS. b u ck et s e a ts .! p o w er, a ir . 
V e ry c le o n ! 
444 26*3ofter » p m._______________ j 
72 FO R D Goiaxie OTOO. 4 door > loaded take up p aym en ts, no! equity, Ernie *81 3871 j 
*9 FO R D C o la n e $oo. to air. power steering, new tiros, good cond $7$o *53H$* avos_________ 
72 Fo rd O oloxio 
$oo' 4 door, powor steering, brokes Automa- he, Cir OOO V 8 $117$ *$3 442o 
197* FO RD Oronoda 9,9oo milos, air conditioned, am tm powor steering, powor brakes, standard transmission $41oo 82* 6777 
__ 
'73 FO R D Gron Torino Sport, au to air. power. *o.ooo mi Consider , trode 6*1 OSU. *84 $7*4 oyes 
71 FO R O L T D Brougham , low m ile ag e, e x c e lle n t 
C it o le 
21$ $7o1 get H S___________________ I 
•7o Rota LTO Brougham. V 8. au loamtic. pawer, factory oir Very I low mileage Exceptionally clean 
77 license 
$119$ 
Will trade 
921 2843__ 
F o rd L T O B ro u g h a m , 197o 4 door power steering, brakes. Air. i 
IS I. V I, vin yl roof, radio. One owner, really nice, better than 
Peerage *1**5 441 1741 noon to $ 
I 
16 F O R D LTO . 2 door 
W hite. londou root, S4,oOb 149 1481 
I 
FO R O 1*7$ LTO 
4 door. vin yl root, ex cellen t $299$. 342 O il) eves, weekends 
Ford 72 LTD 2 dr hardtup. ex 
, ce lle n t cond 
I o w n er. S7495 
Days 
*91 HOO, ask tar Peggy 
Atter * 6*4 71*1, set OOO*________ 
I ‘7* Ford LTO Londau 16.ooo m i, loaded C x trq clean 82* 8o66, otter $ 65* 3441. 
71 Fo rd LTO v - l, au to m atic, power, factory oir, AM FM stereo tape, e x c e p tio n a lly clean l l license »t!9* will trade 921-288* 
*13 I I H 
197* Ford Maverick 14 M PG Cb radio, * track *274$ I 771 )$$i 
AS FO RD M U STA N G V 8 
STAND ARD , St*!) XU 3838 

FREE 1977 LICENSE PLATE. 

CiMC 
73 
HoNoA 
Owe 
2 door. standard ......... * 9 9 5 
74 SUBARU 
*1875 
73 
GOOGE 
Mora 
4 door automatic air, AM ER 
'1 9 7 5 
74 TW Dasher, 4 speed, 
AM LM 
‘2 4 9 5 
73 GUN TORINO 4 door. automatic, air, power steenng, vinyl too, 
2o,ooo milos .............. *2 7 *5 
75 GIANO HIX all power and on, 
AM EM 
.................... ‘4 7 7 5 

75 MONTE CAHO 15,ooo milos, automatic on, power steering, brokes. AM tape 
*4585 
75 LTD 2 door, landau, outomotn. air, power steenng, power brokes, vinyl top, AM EM, power windows................... 
*4285 
76 I OHNO 2 door, 13.ooo mites A 
Stonkv ond Hutch tor... *495o 
76 CoUGAI l l 7, automatic, powor steering, brokes, 
AM EM ..................................... 
*495o 

ON, 

O R IN S U N D A Y 
N O R T H C i N T R A l F O R D 
.(O O S A N .1 o .o 
M I- 5 5 7 1 (X T IO O 

FOR RIATA’S 
SPECIAL 
OF THEDAY 
DIAL 
22 RIATA or 327-4282 

NCW ond PRE-OWNED 
CAR SALES 
SHOWROOMS 
O p g n M o n .-Frl. 8 A .M . 
To 6 P.M . 
S a t. 8 A .M . to 4 P .M . 
SHOP INDOORS 

737 FORO 

75 LINCOLN 
CONTINENTAL 

T O W N C A R 

F u lly eq u ip p ed 
H a t o n ly 2 2 ,o o o m ilo s. 
$ 6 9 7 5 
— o w n e r w ill fin a n ce . 

C a ll i d o l M u r r a y 
824-7311 D ay* 
3 4 9 -1 9 6 2 Even in g s 

o 

FREE 77 LICENSE 
PLATES 
72 FINTO standard, on *9So 
71 TE! U (KFN, 
44.ooo miles 
'.l/FS 
73 PLYMOUTH Ouster 'IB M 
72 TOYOTA (ocono Mart ll, 
4 door, outomohr. on, 4 cylinder, 35.ooo mites 
.7175 
74 PLYMOUTH 5comp. 
J door outomatK, on, power steering, 
23.ooo miles 
175o 
75 RAT 13oo Series. 4 door stondord, o n 
*1915 
75 PLYMOUTH Voliont, 
4 doer automate aw. power steering, 1o,ooo miles................... ‘355o 
75 tun automatic, aw. 
AM EM, intoner decor group................ .*459o 
OFBN SUNDAY ASK 
MANUEL Of U ROSA 
NORTH a NTE*' NMO 
98oo UN Pf DEO 
541-9433 

A X 

737 FORO 

13 Torino Grand sport V I. auto , power, oir $15*o *48o621 

737 FORO 

*1 
FO RD . 
)** 1729 
* standard sits 

75 FO RD T B IR D 
2 door hardtop. V I. cruise control, am tm stereo tap*, moon root, alum inum wheels, pow er door locks, air. climate control, power steerrng. brakes, seats, windows, 
G rey vinyl root. grey luxury in­ to n er. carpeting fu lly leaded 
19 OOO m r ex cellen t condition 
691 17$2, 21*-Itll 
'i i FO RD Tonne 2 dr 4oooo m r 
$!>*$ *11 3*1* 921 I IH 
Ford Torino. 197o 
Atter $ 117 I t i b ___ 
V I 1o2. $td 

 lent ten?*! *84 8*48 
It V E G A Halengack. 41.ooo mi outo *1o9o J41 7o*4 
72 V«go Hatchpgck 
Excellent 
4 sod *16oo Att t *18 **77 
V EG A U HATC H BA C K 
4 speed, Radio 
*149* 
TOM BEN SO N IM PO R T S 
9*oo SAN P E D R O 

7t FO RD Wagon, rodio neuter, good transportation, financing 
OvQilOble $49* 214 4416 
I 
** F O R O X L Coupe, loaded 
Runs good $49$ i l l 81*2 j 
61 Goktxie, power steering, air. new tires, 
19o 
V I. ex cond, 
342*9— . 
_ 
197o GAL A X IS Take up payments 
Or $1o9$ Must osk tor Oon Haiti 
3I8-4IEI 
| 
61 G q lax y SOO B xcep tie n q lly cleon air outo . 344 131* 
73 Galaxy SOO Excellent cond,, looded *199* *8> **19 
*9 Galaxy *oo Needs some motor work SI 7o 43* o8 IO 
16 GRAN AD A, I dogy, t t y tinder automatic, air. will help finance 
34t ll* * I C M T ....................... 

'7* Granada, loaded' V 8 Good condition. *31oo *24 ecru 
_______ 
7* 
G r a n a d a 
T ok * e v e r 
!Tenants Coll 
H4 r«*> otter f 
74 G R A N O T O R IN O B R O U G H 
AM 2 door. P o w e r, a ir. e x tra 
! clean ! I Assum e paym ents ans small ouionce 
Mr 
Bennett 
221 o984_____________________________ j 
71 G rand Tonne. 2 dr, v-l, air automatic. *11*o **♦ *443 
-7* G RA N TORIN O 
Excellent Condition, 12,1oo 
Pays 494 34S9, Nights 494 *o84 

74 G R A N T O R I N O W ogorT 
T ot* ovor payments, no oauity coll Credit Monuy < > U9 t948___ 
7* LTD Brougham 2-duor hard­ top. loaded take up payments, no 
, equity, Ernie *81 3871 ___________ 
' 7* LTO Brougham 
L ik e new, i 11,oo8 mi , looded AM PM stereo. 
I c ru is e co n tro l 
L is t: 
*22oo, sacrifice ot $4,1oo 341 o3o*_______ 
74 LTD Country Squire Wagon 
Loaded, now rubber 
Excellent 
*3*oo I *12 997 *7*7_______________ 
7* L T D I door. low m ile s t h o r p ! I 
S a c r if ic e 
A ssu m e payments, and botone# Coll Mr 
G uerra 212 o98* 
*9 L T D 4 deer 
New b o ile ry , 
Hr** IEIB. *99-o791_______________ 

72 M A V B R IC K I owner, 4-dgor «. loaded' 
W ards radials 
*149$ 
1-7*8-o1o4 
74 M A V ER IC K , real dean Must sacrifice Loaded *34-42*2______ 
7o M USTANG, all restored. *21oo 
*S*-87ilgves 
44 M U S T A N G , s . auto power steering, *59* 341 92**___________ 
’**'■ > M U STA N G Convertibly 
*81 1o41 sir *1* 7o3* 

74 M U S T A N G G H IA 
Toke ov*r payments, no equity. coll Cry <fH Mon ager 349 *94| 
7* M USTAN G G H IA V I. loaded with exiros SHOO *74 114* 
74 M ustang Ohio Only 21.ooo milos Must sail 121 1341 
74 Mustang ll Ohio V*. rag gas. 
Sunroof, moas, radials Decor m- 
1 te n o r, A M F M slo re e . *27oo 
1 *Rdv 49o7177, gyps , 47o *»** 
I 74 M USTAN G MACH I, V*. auto am tm, rally* package excellent. 
I *299* 734-9344 j 
71 Mustang Mach 
I 3*1 V I, auto 
, | 
I all equipment, mags Like new, • owner t lt '.o )4i 79)1____________ 
M U ST A N G 197*. M u*' sell now 
Will help tinonce 
Call 
Dick 
418-14*4________ 
I 
19*4 n M ustang, siOOO or best 

S i M u stan g , v in y l lop, 1o2 
: Engine rebuilt with I speed. Best otter over tl.OftO l it* 94*4 ____ 
M U ST S E L L 197* E L IT E 
W ell 
! eq u ip p ed *1**1 C o ll 
Sp e e d y 
Goniotes Soles Mono*«r t i l x*n 
N E E D o N EW or U SED CAR or 
T R U C K I 7 IOO U S E D C A R S lo 
{ choose from ! I IOO"* Fm oncm e available 
Coil 
Bob 
Puente, 
1218*11 

I '16 Pinto M P G I dr Runabout, 
4 OOO mi S ltS t **9 11*>_________ _ 
7* p in t o Runabout, loaded, will help finonco 
Coli 
Mr 
O a ria 

71 TORINO GT 
L O A D E D 'I 
” 4_ m * fronsporlation Special ift Ford 
Torino. Dower steering, air, radio, call ofter lpm *9* 2418 fw o Owner I t F o rd' I T B T a T hardtop AM F M rodm. air cond . 
D ower s te e rin g . B e s t O ffe r. 
**8 3*11 or 71S-S1So. ask far Bob or Chn* 

738 LINCOLN 

197* C O N T IN E N T A L M A R K IV 
While with w hilovinyl loo Fully loaded With AM FM tap* Cruise control. Leather inferior Alumin urn wheels, etc 13,ooo mile* w ill i 
: sacrifice for $425o 4*1 42*I________ 
19 7$ C ontinen tal Town Coupe. 
11 owner. 19,ooo mi All equipment 
Excellent condition 
828 *1**. 
4BM 3I9____________________________ t i L IN C O L N 4 door 
L o a e d '1 
S te re o , le a th e r 
T ak e up p a ym en ts 
And assu m e sm all balance Coll: M r Levin* 221-o98* 
71 Lincoln I dr Black int good 
' fires, SU**, with C B 71* 9*84 
/( L liig fttiD U a rk IV otl' lu x jr 
I iou* oppointments. excellent con dition, owner $14-8873 ti L l t i d b i t M A lk III good condition Loaded Must soil now! 
883BB, 814 8931. 
71 Lin co ln to w n Coup* M in i cond *o.ooo mi 439ob ISI 74*8 

MARK ll! im m a c u la te co n d itio n S24So 
*$$-o*47 after * p rn l l M IM H I II , 'Beal nice',' Too3e7 must sell now' Desperate *29oo 
824 8711 n u i i k w :"* » c .iU n i condTi^ r 

41114*8 
PIN TO R U N A BO U T 197] AUTO 
AIR. E X C E L L E N T CO N D ITIO N ' 
W H IT E W IT H L IG H T G R E E N 
V IN Y L 
TOP. 
11222 
F IR M .' 
43* 1*41 
7* Pinto Wagon Auto . air, low milos *18*o *33 337o____________ 
P IN T O W A G O N 1*73 L O C A L 
O N E O W N E R V E R Y C L E A N ! 
4o.ooo M IL E S N E W T IR E S E X ­ 
C E P T IO N A L ' *1488 77 TAO S 
F R E E H S 1*41 
7* T B IR O all pow*r Sunroof. 
Cleanest! Sacrifice! I ll help you finance Mr G u erre 721 o91* 
72 T E ire 
Fu lly looded, moon roof, vinyl tog *125o 111 3o71 

61 T H U N D E R B IR D , hardtop loaded 
7o.ooo mi clean 
*79$ 

[ M O S T O F O U R Q 
[ U S E D C A R S Q U A L 
U A L I T Y I 

F O R I 
I MECHANICAL INSURANCE 
II 
COVERAGE 

The* C o *t O f Nfcajar M gchcm ico! R ep o ir* For 13 
M oftftts O r 1 3 ,o oo NIM os. W h ich e ve r Com es 
FlrsH tx. MOTOR S o4SURANCE CORPORATION * 

69 pon tiac: 
975 

 w, green, green Interior, 
■fix. air. pawer steering, power brake*. AM, very nice. • 2oST8 
.............. 
•71 OLDSMOBILE mr steering, power broket, AM. roof rack, 
9- i n n y r poxxangar R I 162A 
.............................................................................2 3 /5 
* 7 | P l l l f l f 8kyk»rfr. gold, beige Interior, aute- 
/ I P U IV IS matte, air, powor steering, pawer 
S O I T C breba*, AM. vary clean car. • I 33SA 
...........................21/5 
* T | C A O fl Torino Coupe, silver, dark vinyl Into- 
/ I r U K l7 Her, automatic small V-8, air, power, 
AM/FM with 8-track, only 43,527 milos, nice. t 
•1931A ...................................... 
72 CHEVROLFT Cop,‘*- 
‘1875 light green, automatic doth Interior, automatic SH O T C 
V-t, ob, pawer, vary clean cor. * 21 M A 
............22/5 
'T O D I l i c i t Centurion Conve rtib le , g ro a n , g roan 
/ J D u l L I L Interior, autom atic, oir, p o w o r ste e r­ ing, p ow e r brab a t, pow o r so ot! ond w in do w s. 
S T I T C tilt uHtool. cruise control, stereo. » $ 3 8 * 
5 1 / 5 
73 OLDSMOBILE 98 InterHer* a* power, I 
3o32A ____ 

 beige, belga automatic, air, wheal, cruise control, stereo. # 
*3275 
73 CHEVROLET E S : bucket soots, out© rn 
AM/FM stereo with door locks, tilt wheal, cruise control. 4F3o8SA. 
N O W ................... 

Carlo, brown, beige roof, beige swivel ic 
V-8. air, power, power windows, 
‘ “ 3o8$ 
*2775 

'7 3 A l n C B in D IIC Deft* BO Coupe, white, white 
I U U l U j W I U u I l t vinyl roof, blue cloth Interior, out emetic V-8, oir, powor steering, powor t n n v r brokes, 49 >41 milos, extra dean. • lEb dA 
. . . i i 1 5 

73 CHEVROLET 
SSL", 'Z Z 't o 't *. 
V-8,^^3-speed, AM radio, 38,197 milos. » 

•73 OLDSMOBILE SSS,” ‘C S L S 'T S JC . automatic V-8, cdr. alf power, cruise control, power windows, soots, door locks, AM/9M stereo, very nice condition. 1 1 96oA 
................ 
Luxury loden, light 
*2875 
73 OLpSMOBlLE 98I groan, green vinyl root, 
___ _____________ automatic, eh, oil power 
$ h t t c with every option, en excellent buy. • 17238 
. . L I I J 

• T H A D A M Torino Sport, b lue, 
. I O O H A IR automatic V-8, a k power steering, $ H T T r r. *7,ooo miles. *93348 
. . . . . U I S 

 vinyl top, 
________ic V-8, air, pows power brakes, air, 
74 OLDSMOBILE nyl^top, automatic, oh, powor flooring, powor brakes, AM/FM stereo, Hit wheel, cruise control. XU 91 SA 
. . . . 

4-door, blue, blue imath, oh, power 
3o.69o milos. * 
74 MERCURY vinyl ^5p. outomotlc1 

3575 

 steering, p ow e r brokes, 
1897A 
*2975 
74 CHEVROLET InteHer, owKmotic, oh, power imering, power brokes, AM, reef reek. • 
* 3 2 7 5 

75 MUSTANG ll £ 3 .*** w,"v' top 4 steering, power brokes. 
2163A : . r . .................. 
75 OLDSMOBILE 

6-cyllnder,'oir, power 
AM/FM stereo. * 
$3375 

22o8A 

Cutlass Supreme, tan. brown 
Landau roof, brown vinyl In- sutomowc 
V-8, oir, power, sport 
AM/FM stereo with tape, clean. IF .*4575 

• T P C A D A * 7o° Tick up, bright red, 
I O r u m / automatic, y - ft _olr, power, like now. rod Intodor, 
■ Mr *■*IOT awTVFTiam, »■*. mu* only 19.319 milos. M1982A 

Regency bkt*, white vinyl blue crushed velour Interior, automatic V-8, oh, powor, loodod with ovary available op­ tion, special * 9393 ........................................... 

• TC D Il i r U Century Landau, silver, silver vinyl 
I O o U l v n top. bucket soots, console automatic, oh, powor steering, powor brokes. AM/FM with oLtneck. IF 1 4 9 S A ........................................ 

• TC A l IYC AA A D I! C Cutlass Salon, 2-door, cream. 
1 o U L U J IT*U n l i t brown vinyl reclining seats. automatic V-8, oh. power, console shift, spor mirrors, food wheels, AM with 8-track top' shorp. 6 2 3 2 6 A ............................................... 

• T C T H T I ACC 4-door, blue, white top, 39o V-8, 
/ 3 V U I L A J J automatic, oh, powor steering, p o w o r b r o k e s . AM. M4E32A ............................. .. 

75 FORD brokes, AM. M 2H 7A 
.. 

*4875 

‘4475 

*4675 

‘4475 

 steering, power l$ S 7 5 

 ty^ CUTLASS wW*‘ ’ '* * Co"4«« roof. 

*5875 

 autemetlc, ah, power steering. SP I T C power broke.. AM. bucket seats. *93*1 
. 
. . 5 1 / 5 

• T A a t t i d / Oectre 229 Coupe, silver, burgundy 
I O D U Iv R Ixptdoiii roof, burgundy vXwl Interior, automatic V-8, oh, all power, 6o/4o dual el* ct tit soots, cruise central, AM/FM stereo. * 
1429A................................................................... 

•76 OLDSMOBILE SST\.S!“ L 4 S : HS; moth . V-B, oh, power, T-top, AM/FM stereo 
. ,* r r r . r n .. r*r-. .‘.5575 

76 OLDSMOBILEc, ^ 
Or outturn 
Interior, 
6o/4o electric seats, automatic V-B, eh. power, tilt wheel, cruise control, AM/FM stereo, hurry For this one. * j j j y j 

SE R V IC E , W H A T 
IT S A LL A B O U T 
QUALITY USED CARS 

LEASING & 
RECREATIONAL 

VEHICLES 
S 
U 
* 

ISO N L 1ooP 41o AT BROADWAY 
824 o411 

HEMPHILL MCCOMBS 
NORTHWEST 
BAN D ERA AT LO O P 41o 
681-1431 

[ 72 M U S T A N G 2*2, ft. 
V-l aute 
‘2189 

|'73 G R A N PRIX, 

 looded 
‘2989 

| 73 FIREBIRD bpt* i m i m 
‘3289 

I 73 PINTO 

S, W. lee 
‘1989 

6SJ-o28* After 6PM 
MARR 
Fully .uuiPe.T 
• ic*llent cond *199 * 344 7122 lf MARR IV. eood cond.fie^ 
SS too 6*4 *o24 4*1 214* 
M A R R " I7 ‘ 1f1,5 * l» 656 ongiTTol mites M elanic gold L*uih*r in 
(e n g r **49$ M ust ask far Oon 
I HgRi 2 1 H W I 
________________ 
72 M A lk IV g n n «r 
Ilk* n«vx condifien *41*o 184-o221, *»» t it * 
M A R k ' IV, m 
6 nn*r, liVi)bTmT like new. leaded *97*o 144 OHI i 
SSS 9*2* 
U M o V x iV e h i), 42,ooo m. N ee micheims. $$2oo, 
IO Continental 
$171o, perfect cond 144-3oo1 

I 7 6 M A V E R IC K , 2 doer leaded 17 OOO nu ‘ 3689 

I 7 6 I c M A N S Sp*,* Coupe 

 leaded. 18.ooo rn. ‘4 4 8 9 

I 76 M O N T E G O M X 2 deer. loaded 
*5289 

, 7 5 R O A D R U N N E R , 2 dee* leaded IO OOO rn, 

 md* 
‘288 9 

75 L IN C O L N Cennnenlgl 

 lean Car boded *6989 

I 75 V W Iv . oui* , 12-p*x- x*ng*< ........ 
'4 38 9 

738 imCOtR 
T O T ^ T T r S T o r k IV, by owner, very clean, will accept uxed car in trade 227 $39$ or 49o o132 

739 MERCURY_ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ 

*JffR R!R TM 35 T oiT^ *h e7st*O T- mg, FM- stereo 8-trock 
*1ooo 
824 13o8 
'>6 U M 
I t I 'door. l g « r a T 5K up payments, no equity, Erm a 
461 1871 cS m I T h * 6 » 5 R ------- 
L O A D E D !! 
*249* 
▼ OM B E N S O N IM PO R T S 
*4oo SAN P E D R O 
141 13*4 
11.666 ml E .u 'sKTnT 
>*3 941* excellent 

73o-743 - MIToMoB1LLS 
73o-743 - MITOMOBILES 

739 MtBCURT___________________ I 
PONTIAC 

72 MONTEGO 
IM X Broughom . 2-dr. Off W hite. 
!brown vlnly too. Air. power, exlro I clean 
*219$ 
Bv owner. Eves: 
1735-4123 
__ 
M 6kdVEG6 M X " i F l , new fires, 
I _ s 
I. - nunnllAM* PAISififilSrt 

7$ g f a n u p x rix. power e v e r­ ything!! Sharp. You got a little m on eyT I d o n 't! So l e f s get together. 
Coll; 
Ron 
Woods 
222-o98* 
Choice of 

 i shocks, excellent condition. *28oo 
: 475-19*7 eves, weekend* 
— i t d o T W r 
-r ! p 5 “ 
•74 M E R C U R Y M ONARCH 

1976 
M T C T 
C O LO RS $4*95-341-1415 __________ 

74 GRAND PRIX SJ 
Power windows ond sects, vinyl londou top, stereo Am-Fm, tope, s liner Loaded! Sunroof Toke up 1 b u ck e t s e a ts , r a lly # w h e e ls, in lm s n h Col I 
Je s u s Z epa to cruise control. I owner cor, $42oo paym en ts co n 
I 225 $4*3 824-2377 off 4orn 

T5 6 6 AW 6 V 1L I E loaded v T ^ I too, perfect 
1-owner 
S219S. 
496 1545 
73 ilE A Iq v / lL L ^ J door CooT e d '! A ssu m e p a y m e n ts , ond 
- ii i 
, small balance. 
Coll 
Cevine 
Beautiful Coupe with everything! j 222-o986 

67 GTb 6oo engine. 4 speed $6oo 

1oo% financing avaHobie 222-8*11 

OLDSMOBILE 

71 CUTLASS 8149o 

828 6959 
75 c u t L A i s coupe, auto , oir 
Heal nice car, black over black burgundy interior, om-fm stereos: frock $3995 923-6336_____________ 
‘72 Cutlass 2 door hardtop. Very clean' $21*5 
828 6355, ofter I 
494-o1o3 
I 
•75 6 u t L A S S 
Load ed , cleon. below book 923 *7o$ or I 751 3547 
75 Cutlass Solon power sleerSng.l brakes, radial white walls, ralleve wheels, stereo AM FM 8 track, till wheel, cruise control, vinyl top 
$45oo 735 47o7 
72 Cutlass S, I owner, low mi 
Loaded $2,35o 679 7215__________ 
71 Cutlass 4. power steering, brakes Air, rear speakers, rollev wheels, must drive! 224-44$* 
73 d lirL A s ^ 'iU 1 » f t lM r 3 '-d^r 
Assume small balance Low equi­ ty. M r Cevine. 222 o484 
________ 
74 Cutlass Supreme loaded! Ex cellent condition $1495-828-6355. after 7: 696 o3o3 

Coll: 674-1541. 
1*6* G t o Full pawer, oir, qreoi running cond, new tires. $7oo. 
644 9644 or 494-4*54 ofter *. 
•71 L_eMons. auto, Oir, honeycomb wheels $1545 494 32o5 
________ _ 
' l l L e M o n s p o w er s te e rin g , brakes, air, m ag wheels, sport option group Shorp! 224-695* 
6 L d S 48 Lu x u ry ie d o n , oil power, excellent m ech onicolly. 
$595. or best offer. 344 2213 
'68 Pon tiac B o n n e ville V -i, ou- lomotic, power, factory air, new paint l l license, excep tionally cleon $995 Will trade 421 2883 
■ii i*6hf 1 Ad 66UHfeviLtr 
Low miieaae. Like new. Toke up payments. Or $1683 Must ask tor 
Don Holt* 225-65o1 
74 
6 o to tln o 4 'S T. 
Sedan Pow er, oir, extra clean. 
$1925 735-347 
_________ 
•Al ^ontiaci 4 door, auto, air. 

Take nice lake up payments, 924-6*71 
, 
__, , ________ 
.■—■I"- 
L 
I , going overseas in M arch. 
74 Cutlass Supreme Fully load bt,sf „fte r. see at 
155 Rust Leaf ed S II? ) 735-6139; 735-7214. 
Apl. ISA (near Kelly Air Force 
'7* Cutlass Supreme Brougham 
Bose)_______________________ _ loaded, mint cond. $5,ooo. Coll 
*9 pontiac. Full body with Irons, jim . 494-2848 
Some motor ports. Good cond. 
•74 Cutlass Suprem e, excellen t $2oo or best offer 344-597$ offer *. cond inside ond out, looks good 
7) t ^ b f lA d 6*1, wK'lte, excellent drives good. Come see! $12oo. * 19)o 227-o938; 714-3553 

„ 
-------- 
-i\ r> b w \ u 6 b A W b V i i r r ~ 
7o C u tla s* S X 
L o a d e d , new t»«au*«ful. Lo w m l. o u fo . fu ll b ra k e s . 
****•■ 
R # ol n ice power, 4-door, hardtop, vinyl roof, condiflon! 453 2769 
_____________ b f J, buy 
Anywhere of 
$1345. 
7! Delta 88 Metallic blue, power, 496-2714 
2 new tire s, a ir, W o n t J o buy Pontiac ir a n l>rix. H . sLM T o il sm aller cor! Cleon, good cond xjx.eto*, ofter 5PM. 
A skin g $114$. W ill b a rg a in 
; ? a r ° a e a r U— 3---- 
6S8 5748; 65* 1721 ofter I 
67 Pon tioc O TO N eeds to m e 
............. —' motor work. >25o. 735-oo77.________ 
75 P O N T I AC Lfe M A N S , AS 
SLIM E P A Y M E N T S , Coll 424 5*2* 
75 P O N T IA C L e M g n s io o rT s coupe, om-fm 8 track, buckets, power steering, disc brakes, auto, v e ry good gas ml v e ry cleon. 
53*oo *23-4113 eves ii *>6NtlA<? Lu x u ry LeM 'an T looded. take up payments. 
924 *471 
68 Pontiac Tem pest front end, 

'73 Delta Royale Sedan, 
(•owner, entre clean, AM- 
FM stereo. S24So. Wkdays 
85:494 7671 
72 $15*5 Delta feoval* 4 dr , air, extra clean 656 2998 
72 6eita Royale 88 Sedan bruise 
Control, rear window defogger 
455 engine, low miles. 
S19oo 
224 443o 
73 D eito R o y a le ie d a n 
B y owner, extra clean, AM F M ster eo S245o Wkdoys 8 5 494-1611. 
7$ Oelto 88 dtovale «-dr 
$325o. Call: 333 1o72 
7$ 6 l6 $ Cullar* 

 iedan 

2 dr , looded 
18.ooo miles. 
Call 

76 O LO S CU I L A S * Su p rem e, toke up payments. 924-5*26 
7 i"6 U B rB 7 iT o ' 8»."44.ooo mi clean 
1-owner, 
2-tone, 
$18oo 
41S-7149 
_________ l l 6 L 6 i Delta 88 station wogon loaded. $1*9$. 923-6334 

 windshield, etc. 7o thru .72 Nova 
Grilles, (new in box.) reasonable. 
714-519o 
75 p 6 i n m ir w A 6 6 > 4 , c t : power, rack, excellent 2o,ooo mi. 
$42oo 65* 4*51 

SOME REPOSSESSIONS 
AVAILABLE 
BANK R A T E FIN AN C IN G 
SUPERIOR PONTIAC 
92o BROADWAY 
227-5o41 

7 4 O L D S D e lta BS 
Take over payments, no equity, call Credit Manager. 149 6948 
72 O lb s Fully equipped, 6o.ooo mi $1775 422 3426; 922 2281 
72 biri* Fully loaded, excellent cond $1ooo 337 7542 ofter 5. 
64 OLDS Jefstor I. mechanically best offer 

 u x u ry sedan ¥ v owner 
Perfect condition. $1,25o 
828-7274.____________________________ 
64 O LD S 98 Luxu ry Sedan, oil power, excellent m ech an ically, 
$595 or best offer 344-2213 
71 O LD S 48 Lu x u ry sedan, 1st 
$895 cash 712 1824 
6 L b L +»' L U x P f f V lD N B E A U ' 
▼ I F U L C L E A N C O N D IT IO N 
E V E R Y O P T IO N . 65,ooo O N E 
O W N ER M IL E S . N E A R L Y N E W 
R A D IA L S 
S A C R IF IC E S36oo 
CASH, 415-1641 
73 6 L 5 i M b 6 i L ¥ ~W ogon-. 7 j ri 

743 MISCELLANEOUS AUTOS 

6T5T71TRA, looded “ 
"’"“' " m T s 
*9 C H A R G E R , looded .........$75o 
45 DO DGE 4-dr.......................................$44S 
64 C H E V Y ' j ton stoke bed . $75o 
Call 9)1811o 

7* W 
K u n rr r ^ 
T t r 
Before 3 p m 432-5532 
TTFfT 
74 V e n tu ra ^-$pd. stick , new tires. AM FM , clean 223-1121 or 
414-1512 

T R A D EW IN D S Auto Sales 
•WE FIN AN C E* 
1oo3 SW M IL IT A R Y 
9 JJ 27o1 

 u7FSUV$e Ll------ 

U S E D C A RS ANO T R U C K S 
K IN N E Y M O TO RS 
3928 BR O A D W A Y 
828 2711 
744-CUSTOMIZED CARS, SPEED 
RACING CARS 

 power. Must S e ll' W ill finance 
Coll Woody 431 14*4. 
147$ b L b S M O B Il i SV A b FlW fe 
2o,ooo m iles. A ir conditioning 
AM F M with tape Take up low payments Must ask tor Don Holt! 
775 43o1 
64 6 lb L k 5 'i T L I Loaded' t J l ofter 6 p m , 828 4$o7 
‘74 bids Omega 4 cylinder, stan dord transm ission, pow er, foe tory air, A M -FM rad io, excep 
I bonally clean ’l l license $249$ 
WHI trade 921-2883 
;$ b ib s b M ^ d 'A H ATC H BA C K air. power, autom atic 
Assum e payments, and small bo*unco. Mr 
Bennett 222-o984 
I 
'Ti OLDS Starflre GT 
Auto air. power steering, am tm whitewall steel radials, low, low 
, mi $$oo under book price Call 
BHI Johnson, 22$ 3o7o st 6 L 6 4 foroTodo.' H i v8, oil 
1 power equipped, vinyl roof, new 
: tires, carb u reto r, good o ve ra ll condition. 
$79$ or best ofter, i 454-127o 
7o b id s 
B l 
V B. a u to m o iic . power, factory air, excellent con­ dition '77 license *99$ Will trade 
1423)182____________________________ 
'76 bl4s V B. autom atic, power, factory air, excellent condition 'l l license $*«$ Will trade 973 2183 
71 6Ms Ll V-l, ouiomatic. power, 

DUN t flu G O V —MSO 
Coll offer 6PM 317 $97$ 
746 TRUCKS I COMMERCIAL 
TRAILERS, BUSES________ 

TRUCKS 
TRUCKS 
77 S W 
K 
. ‘6588 
77 ^ .'r* m s — ‘5488 
OOTKKiTCUSTOeWtXU IX COO lee***, tony tee ... 
43oo 
‘5488 
DOOM Ash ei|ii(i 
SC SOQ 
(sn if IHI Us*— U t. 
34oo amtoin Os* is* hex* 171oo lee***. IAoS aetat.. 
/ IO O 
S 
L 
‘ 
‘125o 
GEORGE HUGHES 
AATRS. 
6226 SAN Pf ORO 
3*4-o138 
Cif ANEST TRUCKS W TOWN 

76 
77 
76 
76 

’68 

AD AM S T R U C K CO. 
N E W and U S E D 
TRU C K P A R T S 
1o14 R O O S E V E L T 
S II SIO! 
A L A N lf t m if E T K U ? Z Z— 
814 PRO BA N O T 
224-2131 
Ai Renterm tru cks Campers 
. , 
18o$ P LE A S A N T O N RO factory air, excellent condition! 
•aa 
I.ewM.x. 
(ItOC 
UU.II irnH. 
Ti< * *9' 

15 V W I obpii 4-dow 4-*^,.. 
AM FM 17 ooo m, ‘27891 
75 COUGAR 

XI-7. looked 
‘43891 

7 5 COMET 4-dOT. lea* 

7 5 HONDA 

S WCVCC 

7 5 NOVA 2 d... leaded I 

‘3189 

‘2689 

2o ooo m, 
*3389) 
75 MONZA 

2*2 leaded 
*3189 | 
75 PINTO 

 leaded 
‘2789 

'7 4 PINTO s,uh.s w leaded 
‘2 3 8 9 ! 

'7 4 FORD Golan* 5oo 4 due. leaded 
'2 8 8 9 | 

'7 4 GRAN Torino 

2-dew leaded 
‘2789 

'7 4 GRAN Torino 
Adaw leaded 
‘2789 

MERCURY 

‘77 keens* 
$119$ 
Will trod* 
, 921 2881 ii bLBT WX65H- - - 
Take up payments, call *24-$«2* i i B E b fe N fV i r h o v a w . load ed. excellent condition Bv owner, ; 
$42oo 
111 771o nit.*. 
824 *774; 
: 4*1 2844 
_ fake over payments on B73 Cut- lots No equity Coil 824-7444 ask tor Dennis Atter I Call 454 4121 
▼ A k e b v E R - p A V X A E K if'i 
"' I i 
Oldsmobile Cutlass, roll 424 5426 

74 TO RO NAD O Loaded 
Special Price $2*$4 

Bill Treadwell Used Cars 
*o1 BR O A D W A Y 
224-971o 

741 PLYMOUTH_________ 

 in Ll,", ’ t u n cyl TsT^ Tx cefienr 
$1o58 133 4214 
• 7 l'B u s t e r ! b ood m e c h a n ic a l cond *16o4 451-117! 
7 i m 

'7 V / o m e F H bor, 
S28U4 coil att 6pm 4$I *42$ 
6» (b llG A A , auto, oir cond By owner $34 4871 

’i i bouu'o 
Fu ll pow er 
$1o3o toke up payment* equity 
$49 9824 i i tb U b A A IooT O ------ 
E x tra wice, |4 I-2933 
■49 Cougar"," p o w er w in d o w s, power steering, and brokes Air, red with black vin yl root 
F M stereo See to opprecieto' 124 64S4 f ) Cougar V i, aute'! power. vt top ra d ia ls V e ry good cond 
$225o 824 *844 
___________ 
I i i Cleveland, 
Air, ou- 

•ak* up payments, no equity, call 
Ernie, *41 3*71 
' 
74 THUNDERBIRD 
1971 LTD, L O A D E D ' 
Coll 341 I t l l 
Automatic air FuUv loaded All power, tilt eteenng, cruise cen trot. metallic brent* in cater with whit* vinyl top 
................. 
$481* 
H E M P H IL L M CCOM BS 
FO R D SO U TH SID E 
1*o1 S W M ilitary t i t 4)17 

71 CTO Wagon, lop* deck, new 
Battery, radial*, brokes, $24oo 
684 tto)o 
78 M A V E R IC K . * C V I needs work $*oo *27 7)o* tves 
Maverick 71, 4 door, auto .air. 4 cvl .radio ond healer Good fam i­ ly car $91o *23 o7)4 
74 M A V ER IC K ii d r . loaded E x ­ cellent condition $25o4 124 1711 

I wo t h u n d e r b i r d , loaded, no equity, take u p payments, Ernie 
I e ll 3871 
7* TOE INO BR O U G H A M Wagon. 
..it * I i i * «**$ 

Sell no longer needed household 
Item s in the 

Kxpress-New s 

Call 

2 2 5 - 1 6 6 6 

' o to u g or V: » 1 power steering, brokes tomotu, 197$ 142 7o*1 
" S T T 
76 boogor oir U.o4o > it, r ouvo 

I 
Silver, pow ir, 
$$2oo 828 88/8 
WInrJoyy*! seats Temp air Loaded' 11,ooo m iles $S/4S Coli 
Don Yorbor augh 222 *411 fTTSUg'r 'V IT Loo4e4""loioiu* 
$4441 
Assum e p aym en t! Cab 
Guerre, 212-8984 

Hem Is Selkng Quality 
Used Cars From Our Rental Fleet 
(1*74 U se d 
I H I SO UTH T E R M IN A L 
For Intgrmoiton Coll 826 *44$ 
7o Murquis Sraughom Escellenl cond , 4 dr , air, good tires $1o5o 
*$*271$ 
74' M t ftt i i B'V t uugor V fc T T u T ly equipped brow n, w hile lop 
3)7 8*9S, 317 72)4 
__________ 

76 MERCURY COUGAR KR? 
AM P M Ste reo 
Low m ile ag e 
White in color with white vinyl top ................ 
$S2i* 
H E M P H IL L M CCO M BS 
FO R D SO U TH SID E 
19o1 S W M ilitary *22 4317 

•74 
M e r c u r y t o u g o r, lo ihr equipped Assume payments, and w ill help fin a n ce 
C a ll B r a v o 
922 611o or 621 4931 

C O N S O L E , B U C K E T S , N E W 
T IR E S P O W E R AND A IR MUST 
L IQ U ID A T E 12222 F IR M CASH 
4)5-1441 fttr B 'C U I V K A I b u I V i m 
' 
26,ooo m ile! Like new, LO A D ED . 
Toke Up Paym ents Must ask For 
Don HgMi 225 **o1 
147o M ercu ry M arau der 
Auto , atr 671 173$ atter 6 a rn 
7) M ercury Marquis L i r , }4 OW mi , AM PM stereo top# V m yi root, power a ir. P e rfe c t cond 
*41oo 473 24o2 
Tl 'TB l TR U T V M B b U l i folly loaded am tm tope, 
$3ooo 
694 3474 
7 4"'" U t 5 1 J A 
BR O U G H A M Loaded, low miles 
Ceil Ofter 4 p m . 824 45o7 i i W r K u T V M 5 S le r T a V i lo ti*. 
$2oo 453 2144 eves__________ _ 

*75 M e r c u r y M o n t e a o 
MX loaded take ae payments 1 equity, Bert Dougherty 349 4*48 i t M e rc u ry 

I BTI! buster 24,OAS mi load e d 
$2 79$ 42/ 14(8 
________ 
14 Geld Ouster 4 cylinder fully equipped W ill fin an ce or take trode 224-49S4 isA U if' U i i r n voTar1; f i r . 
4.ooo mi Still under new car Wor ro o ty 
Auto , p a w e r, a ir , AM radio l i t VB Randy 
732-42M 
74 #lym oulti b u sie r ix c e lle n l i cond 1245o or reasonable offer. 
653 3772 anytime 

 j g "E iy m a u n r T u T ;"n r v i, 5 7 dramatic, pawer steering, brakes, 
‘ run* goad *616 Mon F ri 2-8pm, weekends * 4pm SSS SSS*_________ s i l^ lV M b JY H saitflit* wagon 
318, v8, outo, air 473 *447 eves i f h Plym oulK io 'e llile Sebring 
P lu s 
V in y l top. au to 

ARMY TRUCKS 
Solas-Parts Service 
Brouboch Equipment, 7)4-165* 

Assume Paym ents, no equity, '74 
FO R D P IC K U P , cgM BOI $31-5411 
7) B ro n co R a n g e r, o ir, w 
« wheel drive, power steering, auto. excellen t condition, 32,ooo mi. 
$4ooo 7)2 *72$. 822 t i l l offer 4 
>4 Bro n co T w h eel drive Excel lent condition I 
82443SS offar 
7 -494-o1o1 tEeifgffVwB^gkBi U L U " 
Distributors Ctntury W reckers 
1*o) NO ALAM O 
125*14* i i d U g V V D e v e n s iu o 'e r' td' 
I W B load e d and h as F o rd 
Fiberglass Compar. 824 *189 or 
3*9-2641 
7* t h e w Cheyenne "L iL # new, 
4 wheel d riv e , C ru ise Control, 
AM F M a ll te rra in m ag tire s, 
12.o4o mi Will lake older truck in trad* Owner 1-742-315o, Poteet n { t s i v v 1'1! 
$15oo f-fb. i s to n d a rh, 
224 $47), 
*9o 2444 

 br ok. 

"J dr hol d owner 

 sl*rr«n«. 
ASS 414o 
44 f'lymoufk iotellilv lop, VB, power, air 
484-44o4 
I 
'2 Plymouth icam p LtanJ 6, a ir .1 vinyl lop, radials Excellent cond 
Best ofter Has to be seen! After $ p m 694 1751 
**TFiym nuih VblionF S stonaarri 
S69S or best utter 4$) 7o97 
I i Plym ou th W ogon 
Load ed 
Must setl' SI SOO 7)4 47)1 
'4o ^lym ouih Wagon M olar ex cellent cond |4So 432 o92$ ik iolellite, 4 eyT , standard, air!' ) dr . clean 341-8579 f l io te llite Custom , vinyl lop outo , power steering, brokes and air Bl SSO 491 17*8 
*4 4 oLllite, S2oo or best ofter 
Same work needed t i l $743 

742 -RMmiC____________ 

 nice m ond out $47$ 344 2113 
'*6 '*/ Bonneville. '4) motor, 8fl 
Call 923 BHS 
IT ’( r f Z L T U l'Y d'oor” quod cond 
Owner , $74$ 71* 4o41 
*4 iie c u t iv * wagon, o u fi oir new tires, battery Power brakes, steering very clean 4*4 2817 

SW E, eves 
—7)«Htvv TUfrsavm— 

*11*441 
__________ 
It Chevy tusiom 16 witEi camper, 
V I , oir, auto 
I owner 
S27oo 43* 3411___________________ _ 

’74 C H E V Y E L C A M IN O 
Take up payment*, no acuity coll 
Tom Ford. 34* *948 
71 ^ E W 
F e n d e rs .^ 3 !P e e ~ siondord SHOO *41 4SII 
' i i gffI W 
Y7nders.de. I U X J . standard $1*oo 4*14$ 11 n f ne'vT looJeiTTW t ------ sTiTi 
•74 Ford 4 WO 
4287$ 
I /I Chevy Oulu o k LW C 
$1*7$ 
2o2 New Laredo Hwy *24H H 
74 I 
U 
Pickup i wheel Jr ' p ow er lulu nil mu im nil t i l H U M air 
$174o neufvv piiwciR 

Ion. Call 141 19)3 

73 CHEVY Pickup S199Q as everything' 
Real bai ga' 
Has 
121*9$ 

Aiontego W agon 
Very cleon s»$o *2* VS 14 
7$ M ercury Mongrc T S K a r ' V T ewiom otic. pow er, lo c te ry oir. 
AM FM stereo, on# owner Very low mileage 
77 license $429$ Will treae 92) 2881 
'It ' d l B g U ttV B A K k L 'A N l 
$1$4 
*22 3838 tV M e ftC O A V 'p irte c l. I I M ' I i 
OLDS, USO 734 347) 

74 MERCURY WAGON 
>dad $))$o 
D ays 
349 e: 
Loaded eves wkends 
4*2 1893 
*121, 

LO A D S O ' 48 o4o mi 
$179$ 
TOM B EN SO N IM P O R T S 
9*4o SAN P E D R O 
>41 111* 
— fTEIfTl TIB 
- - 
Excellent buy 444-#|9$ 
73 Firebird High mileage 4 cyl 
$34*o Coll 342 oo74 
TTT l 'l 'm R b --------- 
LO A D ED Call 34 1 39)3 
41 ^ ir e b 'ir jf show case engine rebuilt, must see to oppreclate 
Must sell TBS>41 A. 71$ $428 
> ;'G fiA L b P k lV k o v M ^ e r ~o'^d a ir 
S te re o 
B la c k 
A ssu m e paym ents and balance on note 
Call G U E R R A 1224*8* 
_____ 

’75 CHEVY Pickup S239o 
Liquidating 
Excellent buy! 
M H M ) 

W ID E 15o V I , A U T O M A T IC , 
O W N E R C O N S IG N E D N E E D S 
CASH $2421 N ET 
A U TO F A IR 
151$ CUCE B R A s T n r r r v H E i t i u p i » " v r . 
I speed, am tm 
43* 4912 after 4 
MfWIIF, M VI7WB radiator, air, overload springs, urn radio, stun Card transmission 
Ii OOO mi $4166 e l) $311 
74 C h evy P ick u p ' I ton 
Take over paym ent* no equity coll Credit Manager 344-4*44 
76 Chevy pickup fen, compar snail Loodea *24 471) 
>4 g W T ^ n F lC k U ^ :1 L to'n ilo "3". 
V I, sharp*' Assume payments, ond S72M balance Ran Woods i 1)2-6964 
_________________ 
4f C hew pu Lilt ll. auto. sell or trade 433-1447 *44 2)79 
T S T iJT V v T W I-------- 
VI, standard, air 141 3*33 
7) LffllV? TTlon twl FloeTs.j,' 
V I stan d ard , air, heat. ex tra tan k . h a ro d io iu r, cle o n t 
Owner See al 114 Beat SI 73$ 4$i4 
44 C hew ’ 'i Ion pickup "f*Pd cen- aition, new pawl. 179$ 4$ Chevy 
' j Ion pickup good condition new point, gir, $641 134 1111 >24 8913. 
‘71 Chevy I i ton p f kup 
P o lly looded Camper Spcl 137 IS IS 
TTTlTEvYTTToir 
Ce e 922-o*42 
">»~C Ii eT v" V u n cor p tie J cur* lain*. 4 copium'* chair*. AM F M 
8 track otter earn 3*1 4647 

I speed it ll'!' 

!T e n th P a g e 
E x p r e s s - N e w s — 
T h u r s d a y , M a r c h 3 , 1 9 7 7 

746 • TRUCKS I COMMERCIAL 
TRAILERS, BUSES 

‘A? C H E V Y V A N . Custom p a in t and in te rio r. 327oo. 533-3)7?______ 
•74 C hevy V o n, fu llv e qu ipped ) 
C ustom in t. 3-way re frig e ra to r, 
TV. Sgt. Tim aeus, w kdoys before 
4:3o: 221-2812. __________________ 
■71 Chevy VS Step Van 3o Series, low m ileage. In sula ted body, re ­ frig e ra tio n equipm ent. 349-6S18, 9 to $ weekdays. 
_____ 
'74 C hevy V -8, ’ zion, tong step- side, standard. Real nice. $339$ 
337-3448 
•73 Chevy V -8 ’ 7 ton LW B E xtra good $1895 337-3448 dlean 7o Ford ’ jto n , new paint, qood engine and tire s, W R W O cam per. 488-33o1 
C LE A N TRUCKS, '49 74 
CASEY'S AUTO SALES 
3313 C O M M E R C IA L 
933 4443 
( 
'74 Datsun pickup w ith fiberglass ca m p e r. B u rn t orange , strip e s. 
3 spd.. c a rp e t, ra d io , b u m p e r, w hitew alls. 7,ooo m iles. $38oo. (in ­ cludes 4 e xtra new w h ite w a lls .) 
I 484-3738 Poth, Tx 

73 D a tsu n p ic k u p 
V e ry good condition $1395. 933-8993. 
’•7 6 D O D G E 
BIOD V A N w ith 
•M e rry M ile r’ c o n ve rsio n . 9,ooo mites. P riced to s e ll!! C all: Dan 
Y arborough 333-8411 
74 DODGE CLASSIC VAN, 8,ooo m ile s. W a rra n ty . L o a d e d !! A s­ su m e p a y m e n ts , a n d $4,ooo balance. M r Bennett 333-o984 
DODGE CLUB CAB, loaded 
A s s u m e lo w 
Ron 
Woods. 

•74 
L o w p a y m e n ts balance. 
Call: 
333 o984_________________________ 
73 DO6 GE, Club Cab, I ow ner, 
39,ooo m iles, m any extras, cover offers trades, $39oo 423-5328 
•47 Dodge flatbed dum p. E xce lle nt condition! 
W orking 
5225o. 
434-194$ 

746 - TRUCKS 
TRAILERS BUSES 

•74 DO DG E -M E R R Y M IL E R " 
Van conversion. Only 4,ooo m iles. 
You need to go? So do I! C a ll 
RON, 332-o984___________________ 
47 b o d g e to n p ic k u p 
318, 
4 sod., $9oo S33-5S84. 
'74 Dodge ’ i ton pickup. 4 Stod­ dard w ith a ir. 8,ooo m iles U nder w a rra n ty . W holesale. C a ll: Dan 
Y arborough 333-8411 
DODG E >1 ton, s ta n d a rd , m u st sell today! W ill finance. Call D ick 
4 3 3 - 1 4 4 8 ____________________ 
D u m p tru c k , '47 In te rn a tio n a l 
14oo, IO yd bed, ta n d e m a x le . 
Good condition $4ooo 494-8444 
74 E l C o m in o C la s s ic 3So V/8 
Loaded, p e rfe ct cond, m ust sell 
$31oo. 
$S5o below 
Blue 
Book, 
457 ooo4_________________________ 
•73 El Camino, see o! a irp o rt Tex­ aco, or call 349-8844, 828-8576 

74$ 
TRUCKS I COMMERCIAL 

•7$ PORO F35o SUPER CAB. All p o w e r, a ir. A ssu m e p a y m e n ts , and $41oo balance. Call, GUS, 
333-o984 
________ __ 
57 TORO Pickup- C am per shell. 
VS standard, steal it fo r $49$. 
111$ BRO ADW AY 
333-1549 
44 FORD kicku p LW B, VS $55o 
449-3431_________________________ 
73 FORD Pickup, auto, sm all V 8, 
Iwb. $159$ 349 3474______________ 
•4i Ford pickup cam per. Clean, I owner $15oo 533 3444___________ 
•4$ Ford pickup. New paint, tires. 
Radio, heater. D iam ond tucked. 
333-o984 
75 F O R D f*i(S'k 'u P 
U ton, stan- c o n d lt io n ! 

73 ElCamino SS 
V-8, autom atic, a ir, power 
$3395 
JAM ISON M trs Seguin 333-53o1 

El Camino SS 1949. 394, v e ry good cond . M u s t s e ll im m e d ia te ly ! 
$11oo 341-4314, 734-o385 
AA El Camino SS, good condition. 
$135o 494-38o3. 
71 FORD C LU B W agon C lean! 
Low m ile s C a ll: D a n Y a r b o r ­ ough, 333 8411 
74 FORO C ountry Squire wagon, loaded, nice. Take up paym ents. 
934-4471 
_______________________ 
75 FO RD C o u rie r, a ir, in w a r­ ranty $34oo. 454 3413, 441 4883 
71 F o rd , 4 c y l.; new tire s , bol- tery, paint $139$. 734-3353. 
71 FORD E x p lo re r LW B LO AD 
ED E xtra n ic e !! $1995 337 3448 
74 FORD F 15o, D eLuxe 3 tone 
Loaded! ITI help finance C all: M r 
Bennett 333-o984 

 d a rd . 
E x c e lle n t 
441-3594 o fte r 4: 
*41 Ford pickup. Real clean, new eng., 5 new m ags, tire s . $13oo. 
Robert 454 1383_______ _________ 
‘55 F o rd nu, b o d y a n d e n g in e needs little w ork, good tire s $3oo 
343-9443, 341-o411 
75 FORD RA N G ER X L T 
Assume paym ents, 934-5434 
48 FORO R A N IE R w ith cam per, call 341 3933___________________ 
‘7o Ford Ranger pickup, 
LW B, $13oo. 473-3425 
47 F bR D RANG ER $895. 
3859 NOGALITOS 
923-38o1 
73 FORD RANG ER $149$ 
3859 NOGALITOS_______ 933-38o1 
73 Ford Ranger X LT LW B load- ed. E xtra nice $2495 337-3448 i i Ford Ranger, V-8, autom atic, a ir. $1995 924-41o3. 
73 FO ftb RANG ER X L T , $2SOO” 
VS ' jton auto, fa cto ry a ir, pow er s te e rin g , p o w e r d is c b ra k e s , radio, rad ia l tires. 224-5473; eves 
455-85o4 
71 Ford Stepside pickup, SWB 4. standard $1395 494-4459 
'74 Ford Super Von V -8 auto big a ir. Real nice $3395 337-3448 

746 - TRUCKS 6 COMMERCIAL 
TRAILERS, BUSES_ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ 

‘43 Ford SWB 4 Standard 
C LE A N $4oo 454-OV47 
47 F O R D ’ a to n , a u to s h e ll, clean, cheap! 824-9519 
'75 FO RD 74 ton, loaded. 27,ooo mb $355o 484 8145; 534-3471 
‘74 Ford ton. Loaded, excellent cond. O w n e r. $3975. W ill to k e older tru c k in trade. 435-84o3 
•71 F 6 RD ’ jT o n P ic k u p , F-1oo 
Sport Custom . 3o2 VS, S tanda rd 
3-Sp w ith c a m p e r o n ly $1995, 
M ust see to appreciate 455-5o77. 
'74 Ford ' jto n pickup. Auto., a ir, aux. fu e l ta n ks, c a m p e r c o ve r. 
$32oo 49o-1549___________________ 
‘75 FO R D ’ xion Ranger X LT , V 8, auto a ir, low m i. $345o, call Jim , 
441-4511 
.___________________ 
'74 F O R O M o n, 4 speed, V 8, $38oo 
Call Jim , 441-4511 
72 FORD ito n , v8 
4 speed. $1495. Call 441 4511 
48 F6 RD 1 j ton, V-8, standard, rock, $975 344 2244._____________ 
F bR D ‘AA Tw in screw w ith D e troit 
471 e n g in e , IO 
455-21o1; 451-4228 s p e e d tra n s . 

1974 
F o rd 
V a n 
C a m p e r, 
4 cylinder, standard, 
5ooo m i. 
923 USA. 
42 tO R D VAN. 4 C ylinder 

746 • TRUCKS A COMMERCIAl 746 • TRUCKS I 
TRAILERS BUSES_ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ TRAILERS BUSES 

■7o F o rd V a n . VB, a u to ., a ir , com per equipped, plush. 494-1581 
•74 f 6" r d VS, lo a d e d , c a m p e r, 
$275o. 453-4992. 
74 GMC HIG H SIER R A 
Loaded, only $244oo 
SIS W EST AV. 
735-o321 
G MC 1973 S IE R R A & R A N G E 
D U A L L Y W IT H 454 V -8, A U ­ 
T O M A T IC , A IR , A N D PO W ER . 
M U S T 
L IQ U ID A T E 
B E L O W 
BOOK. $28oo OR BEST O FFE R 
435-1441_________________________ 
'75 GMC S ie rro G ra n d e Vt ton, lo a d e d , ta k e up p a y m e n ts , no equity, call E rnie, 481-3871_______ 
73 6 MC S ierra G rande, loaded, cam per shell, 498-2285. 
'74 6 b t il£ f t f t A , loaded------- 
Clean, below book 922-4442 
GMG S p rin t ‘73. A ir, pow er, a ir shocks, new ra d ia ls . V in y l roof, 
AM -FM , good condition. $2495. 
494-2334_________________________ 
•77 GMC I ton, dual wheel pickup. 
Still In W a rra n ty $45oo call Jim , 
441-4511_________________________ 
'74 GMC 3«ton, LW B, VS, auto. a ir, pow er steering, brakes, low m i. 
$475o. 
1-249-3o79; 
1-249-3877, 
Boerne. 
'72 GM t ’ -i ton S ierra, auto, air, 

CoMMEBCI8174S 
TRUCKS ( 

^ ^ ■ T M I U K - I U J E S l 

COMMERCIA! H S 
TRUCKS t M M H H P lll' IM IBmUCYClES SCUUTtRS _ ' 754 TIES fMTS RCCtSSURK tiU m iflL n b im _______ i(| r h . u rftlp l w a a o n b o d y fo r 
TRAILERS, BUSES 

1973 IN T E R N A T IO N A L .$199$ 
4 cyl. standard, radio, new ........ 
TOM BENSON IMPORTS 
94oo SAN PEDR O 
341 1354 

$45o 

 power. $1445. 923-4334__________ 
74 GMC W indow Van E x tra nice. sticker. 
$4195 

77 FO R D VAN 
E-15o, loaded. Take up paym ents, no equity, B ill Thom as, 349-4948 
7$ F 6 feD V A N k 25o. Loaded* 
25,ooo m iles. NIC E . $4495 337 3448 
74 Ford Van E2oo. V -8 standard 
A-l $3395 337-3448 
‘74 f 6 r 6 V a n , 
Good Tim e Ma c h in e "! 17,ooo m iles. $4488. F in ­ ance no problem . Call M r Bennett 
322-o984 

 tT f 6 r d V a n , 12 p a s s e n g e r, autom atic, a ir, m ust sell. W ill fin ­ ance Call Woody 433-1444 

New plates. 
Call 335-o427 \ 1-751-2941 
G R A N bE FORD TRUCK SALES 
IH1o and W W W hite Road 
____________ 441-4121_____________ 
71 Honda-CB 45o ih a rp , extras. 
M oving! $495. 475-o543. 

I N f E R N A T IO N A L 
T R A V E L A L L , $125o. 
Call Jim , 441-4511 
International Trucks 
715 sieves Ave 
534-5471 
75 IN T E R N A T IO N A L SC OU T, autom atic, take up paym ents, no equity, call E rn ie 481-3871 
MEBCMAiM 
M A R T 

9 
1 
5 
. 
1 
6 
6 
6 
1 
Jm Jm SF ■ ■ I 
W 
W e QUALITY ITEMS 
o DISCOUNT PRICES m LOW CLASSIFIED RATES 
GET THERE FIRST! 

928 MERCHMROISEMRRT 

 v a Com pressor $45; Scuba gear 1 
{complete $185. 224-1o4o 
A IR- c g N D " w 'i n cl o w ',"' $ I IS I)" eo I 
|35,ooo BTU W ell heater, $15o Red ishag carpet 349-8282. 341-7914 
A L I MUST GO' 
Bassett Dining 
Rm Set, Like New $275. Oak Be­ droom Set Com plt. $89, 7 D raw er 
Desk. $39. Stove $45, Hide a Bed, 
T w in Bed, C hests, M u ch M o re 
17o5 West Ave 732 4595 IO 4pm. 
A ntique g ra n d fa th e r clock, 3 an 
{tique glass showcases, see at 254 
M eadow Glade, Lackland area. 
{A n tiq u e NEW R O Y A L , se w in g im a c h ln e in oak c a b in e t, o v e r 
1oo-yrs old $85o. 494-4294. 

A R M Y SU R PLU S & 
D A M A G E D F R E IG H T 
D esks, s w iv e l c h a irs , p e d e s ta l 
{fans, rid in g law nm ow ers, ele ctric m otors, washers, bunkbeds elec­ tric and m anual adding m achines, wood trim , doors, sinks, la v a to r­ ies, p a lle ts . 3 a c re s of ite m s !! 
COME L O O K !!! 5o35 Roosevelt, 
T24-8771. 

A STEAL 
Apt. O wner m ust sell l l new (in crates), GE window heat a ir con dittoners Below wholesale cost at 
$355 each Call 349-5282, or even- mgs. 494 4338, 494-7574___________ 
A TT EN T IO N 
F L E A M A R K E T VENDO RS 
W arehouse fu ll M ust sell e v e r­ ything in 9o days G lassw are, coin m a ch in e , shoes, used c lo th in g , g ro c e r ie s , p r in t in g s u p p lie s , flo w e rs , new and used lu m b e r. 
Call 224-444! o r come bv 2942 E. 
Houston 
St., 
I block 
W of 
Coliseum.________________________ 
2 Avocado green 3o gas ranges, 
$9o and $1oo 
I C o pperto ne gas ra n g e . $75. H a rv e s t G o ld gas ra n g e . $1oo 
G E r e fr ig e r a to r , 
H arvest Gold, 14 c u t) $1oo Con be seen in Converse, 458-o394 
B a b y sw t 

PUBLIC AUCTION 
" 
Gold, Silver and Precious Stones 
Sunday Worth 6, 1:3o PM 
Mondoy Worth 7, 1:3o PW 
A t The La Posada H otel lOOO Z a ra g o za , Laredo Texas 7 8 o 4 o ova 1ooo lo ts Of solid gold rings, bracelets, pocket watches, necklaces, earrings, brooches, pendants, medallions, coins, fobs, platinum, sterling, rubys, diamonds, peorls, emeralds, topaz, tiger eye, etc, etc - appraised con servatively at one half million dollars. 
HIGHLIGHTING: Several repeater pocket watches including a Petrel and 
Berthoud, railroad ond hunters watches, lotion Pkard ond Roles watches 
Dozens of solitaires ond clusters of mounted precious stones jewelry in eluding a lot of 8o carats bag diamonds I8S4 Kellogg and Co S?o goldpiece, silver coins by the bog 8 oz man s choinlink Gold bonds Religious medals, you nome it'! You will be dazzled by the variety ond quality of the aesthetic beauty of this collection 
HISTORY: this auction represents the lifelong investment of a Laredo businessman who for 5o yeocs, shrewdly invested his funds in the world s most stable morket-Gold, Silver ond precious stones Inspired by o recent U 
S Customs Gold Auction in Laredo, and serious health problems, he has com­ missioned our firm to liquidate his possessions Although the owner wants his nome withheld, his story is fascinating. It began rn 1979 in Cuba, going door to door buying precious items Starting with only S7S ond parlaying it into a pirates chest! Before moving to Laredo he spent 7o years in the hills ond cities of Mexico, living in recluse but buying gold! 
A 14-page catalogue will be available at $3 from our firm with over 
1ooo lots going on the Auction Hock, you will need it!!! There is just too much to list in the media. 
TIRWS: Cosh, cashier s check or letter of credit with droit A S7S entrance fee per person must be levied to control attendance. 
We are acting >o!ey os agents, all sales are final sublet to consignor 
INSPfCTION: iC A M both days until Sale Time 

J O H N JO N ES 
Auctioneer, TXGC-77-oo29 
J KAHN AND ASSOC., 512-342-4822 
5o96 Blanco Rd., San Antonio 78216 
Moke your reservations early lf you plan to stay at the la Posada, phone 
.............." IXPRISS tor reservations 
.$17 772 17o1 or AWIX- 

PIAN O . 5 t i G rand, New B raun- tels 425 8845_____________________ 
8 piece fo rm a l din in g room se!, 
525o D re s s m a k e r s e w in g m a ­ chine. $125 937-4o94 

PLANT PARTIES 
344 3832__________________349 5829 
Poo! fa b le , Golden West Nevada. 
4’XT' 55oo. 453-4223 
POOL T A B LE W A N TE D 
7x3 
Flote 495 8472 
_______________ 
R onge, M a g ic C hef co n tin u o u s clean, ele ctric 5275 481 273o 
Kaftan Porch F u rn itu re 
J seated couch, 2 c h a irs , coffee table and end table, SITS 824-1427 
R ecorder. I tra ck w ith play back deck 533-5372._______ 
R e co rd o-f» hone w ith R e m o te , 
535o W hip Antenna w ith Bum per 
Mount, St4. 342 4459_____________ 
( r e f r ig e r a t o r , s m a lls o ld to- shioned. b rig h t red, w o rking 54o. 
344 2894_________________________ 
R E F R IG E R A T O R -freezer, white 
F rig id a ire side by side, t i cu ft. 
Like new $3oo 927 5827__________ u . fr,a i-i ,i»or, apl. size, excellent running cond 55o 453-8158_______ 
R e frig e ra to r $45, Stove 545. D in ­ ette $35. M attress and Box Sprinq 
535. Rocker $35, Chest 53o. Hutch 
SSO. Desk $45, 734 4)12___________ 
R e frig e ra to r, m isc tu rn M oving, m ust sett! 455-323o 
R E FR IG E R A TO R 

W e ld e r, E lec and AC Y 
T orch. 
C a rt, 4 b o ttle s 35o, H D W ood 
Steel work Bench SO 1-435-5122 or 
2118. 
W h irp o o l h e a v y d u ty w a s h in g m a ch in e , STO B u nk beds com plete 735-8o15. 838 W M istletoe 
W icker bassinette, dressing table, infant seat, GM cor sent, 484-9o14 
W ood O ffic e D esk a n d c h a ir, 
34x4o, 4 grow e r, $1oo 441-7741 
4x 9 O range shag ru g , a sso rte d clothes, town m ower. 455-5o)4 
I 
Y ear o ld T e c h n ic s S L-15oo turntable-515o; I year old Pioneer 
Tuner TX-75oo $175; I y e a r old 
S tanton headphones $25. New 
T a p c o E q u a liz e r - $24o. C a ll 
824-5o57 atter 5._________________ 

929 GARAGE SALES 

A nnuol G arage Sale H oly S p irit 
P T C. C o rn e r of R a m se y nod 
B la n c o Rd 
H o u s e h o ld goo ds, toys, b ic y c le s etc. V e ry cheap 
M or 3, 4 and Sib 8 to 5 
______ 

A STEAL AT: ‘399868 

* 8 3 2 6 
1 9 7 7 NEW DODGE 
D I OO PICK-UP 

★ Heavy Duty Clutch ★ 225 Cubic in. 6 
Cylinder Engine, ★ Heavy Duty Radiator, and Cooling System ★ All Direct Reading 
Gauges, ★ (5) H 78-15 4 Ply. Blackwall 
Tires, ★ 6 1 o o G V W Pkg. ★ (Uses Reg­ ular Gas) ★ Power Brakes, ★ Electronic 
Ignition System, ★ Excellent Vehicle for 
Commercial and Personal Use. 

NORTH STAR DODGE 
T R U C K C E N T E R 
7 2 4 2 SA N PED R O 3 4 1 - 2 2 5 1 

Lease Operators Wanted! 
3-oxle T ra cto rs and T ra ile rs. 
924-7773; 333-5894 
NEW and US6 d Bum pers. Light 

 ts Honda /»4. E xcellent, aressed 
18,ooo m i. 
M ust sell! 
$14oo 
434-4879 

4o C h e v r o le t W a g o n b o d y p o rts , a ls o 4 c y l. Chevy e n g in e 
COH o tte r 5, 732-2o39 
134-4879 
, 
. 
CHEVY ll body fo r parts, also 
7? HO N D A 35o, fa rin g , e x tra s 4* c y , Cheyy en9,ne $45. 734 9475 
55oo 49o-1o4o____________ 
TS HONDA 55o 
_______ $135o firm 734-3294_______ 
72 Honda 5oo. Good co n d itio n ) 

C h e w tire s; 2 Series 7o, 2 Series 
SO, w ith IS ” M a g s . $5o ea t-537-4481 ofter 5. 
___ 
C4 tra n s. 
KOO 223-2495, 822-9523. 
<lg C obro je t engine, C6 tra n s ,I 
7? HONDA SOO 4 Headers, fa ir a le s h o t), com plete re o 1" ' " ‘’.a s - r.v jw hhu 
■ lin o , excellent cond 5875 49o 812o sembly, locker re a r end, 31 Spline w eight to heavy duty F or all sizes Hf.n(1a SSo 'l ooks great* Helm ets, axles comp. $4oo 455-o8o4 349-o3j_ | of pickup tru cks 924-4551 2o2 New h o e krM t sioso 349-o918. 
D R IV E IN TR UC K SALVAGE 
Laredo H w y ------------------HO N bA O f i A N A ^ t d N lo " 
PICKUP TRUCK PARTS 
57o8 M OBUD 
484 3482 2o2 Laredo Hw y. 924 4551, 924 4S_52! 
PIC K U P 
’74 Dodge ' a ton, 34o engine, a ir, radio, new tires, only 39,ooo m iles. 
$31oo firm O wner, 473-8o48______ 
PREFORMANCE VANS 
OF AMERICA 

,947 H O W D A H S S T R A M B L E R ENGINEI Jo*’ 73 BU IC K E L E LC 
RUNS GOOD 
TRA $175-432-4943 ...-------------------- 
C LA SSIC B IK E , $35o, 224 3554 
M Ford parts. Vega head ports 
I 74 Hondo 758 super sport, clean, 
TI P lym outh ports, 532-^8$. ru n s good, in c lu d e s 2 h e lm e ts. F ro n t End D am age, 
$14oo. a fte r 4pm 533-o44o 333-3279 
J;ooo cc, air, 31,ooo m i 
74 C o o n , sell parts| 
74*Honda 75o Super S p o r O m o r T r o d e 'fo r s m a ll p ic k u p or) 
C u sto m a c c e s s o rie s to r V a n s, | m i ( jUSt like new! Cost $24o3, sell 534-3521, Sot. Lee, 337 473o 
Pickups, m ini trucks, R V ’s 
F rom sm all in sta lla tio n s to com ­ plete Van Conversions 
1o722 P E R R IN B E IT E L 454-844o 
74 R A N G ER F2So. lo a d e d !! As s o m e p a y m e n ts , a n d 
$4215 balance. Coll GUS, 222 o984 
74 R A N G ER X L T , loaded, take up paym ents, no e qu ity, call E r- 
I nic, 481-3871 
! iA N A h t o N ib T r u c k s 

44 GTO, body co m p le te , g re a t! cond. Fred. 735-747o 
Jackm an white spot** wi»H caps. 5 tugs Chevy or GM tit. A fte r 
4, 434-5148.___________________ { 
L4oxlS tires, 8” mags, G4oxtS,j 

Big G arage Sale; 3 Fam ilies, 9:oo 
F rl. M orch 4, 23o3 BOSSO Rd 
D ry e r, bike, ru g . c a m p in g c a n ­ o p y , s lid e p r o te c to r , e le c . ty p e w rite r, m isc. T h o r.-F rl. 242 
E HOLLYWOOD 
4 F a m ily G a ra g e Sole, lo ts ot everything, fu rn itu re , clothing, all sizes, household etc M o rch 4-4 
41o W B yrd off Pat Booker Rd . 
U niversal City ______________ 

Westinghouse $45 141 o18o w t-lrig - fre e z e r, 14'jeu It., 1761b. freezer, $225 341-o473 
R e fr ig ., fr o s tfr e e , w h ile 
F r ig id a ire . e x c e lle n t, 432-5373 

24" 5 hp used less than I h r 1 z p rice 515o 344-4378. 
'74 Roto T ille r I hp S tick S h ift 
Power Reverse, E xcellent Cond. 
492 11o9_____________________ 
R uger B la c k h a w k 357 M ag 

 ra d io . S tro d e 
Tai 
New 223-54o4 
__________ 
12" 6 and \Af portable TV , atm os! new 54o 344 7873 
B e a u tifu l le o th v r nan db ops, on elegant wom an's shoes sizes 4' iB to TAA. A ll colors and styles. P e r­ fect cond ition V e ry cheap. C all before Noon or offer 4 3o pm , 
342 o372 
B E l u t l f UL p U n K ) teem er kobly P rice d! 453 4419 
•o d , K ingsize, n e ve r used, s till p a c k a g e d , e x tra fir m (W o rth 
548o) com plete $178. Includes 2o y r g u a ra n te e a n d d e liv e r y . 
Usually home 484-o234 
B e dro om ST piece M o d i)., b o o k­ case, tamps, reps 455-4981 
B e d ro o m s e ts , e x t r a c h e s t) dresser, tw in beds Crushed v e l­ vet couch ond c h a ir, coffee- end table s Stove, re frig e ra to r D in ­ ette. bookcase, w alnut desk. Love seat recliner 333-4958 
B e d ro o m 

I 
, 

AUCTION TONIGHT!!! 
9 1 5 9 S . P r e s a - 7 : 3 o P M 
Fantastic A V O N COLLECTION 
Each item, hand-picked and collected over a span o f| 
15 years by Mrs. ond Mr Forbes of N atalia, Texas 
This collection constitutes all of the Avon items in the | collection of bottles that we bought from them. 
There are more than 6 o o Avon items condensed into 
2 o o lots 
A b so lu tely no m in im u m o r ro s o rv o , as usual. 
L IS T frS A U C TIO N VILLAGE 
6 3 3 - 2 6 o o o r 6 3 3 - o 3 4 o 

A u c tio n ee r 
JIM LISTER 
T x G C -7 7 - o 4 o 6 | 

T 
I b a rre t p lu s h a n d m a d e le a th e r I holster. 
4 boxes shells. 
$15o 
341-8451 
Rugs, p a in t s p ra y e r, tille r , 5 ft I shredder, 43o Adrian. j 
S acrifice. 4 mo Gfe wosher Ut yer. 
H arvest gold, loaded. $5oo. A fte r { 
4pm 344 8894 
I 
SAM PLE 4A l e 
Levi leans, boys I weor. sports w ear, etc Nob H ill { 
Leasing O ffice, 7424 C a lla g h a n , I 
Sunday 9 to 5 

F u rn itu re , tools, cam pin g eautp men), color TV, Yam aha IOO. plus other th ir gs 4o4 C lo w e r________ 
G arage A Estate Sale Round ook clotn wood table, kitchen chairs, depression glass, old ceiling tons, oak dressers, etc. F rl- Sat only, 
M or 4-5, 1429 E l Monte__________ 
G A R A G E S A L E ! We H o ve It! 
C o rne r g ro u p , fre e z e r, clo the s, p u rp le shag. d ra p e s. TV . w igs. 
4147 
Longvole 
D r. oft 
P e rrin 
Bedel. 
_________ 
G arage Sale: V arious household item s to -5 Sot 5 M or. 9411 Five 
Forks. 
G ara ge Sale: 5 fa m ilie s in Son 
P e d ro H ills , h o u s e h o ld go o d s, fu rn itu re , c lo th in g , a p p lia n ce s. 
E tc . 
S o t.-S u n . 
M a rc h 
$-4. 
9:3o-5:38. 2144 Green Creek Dr 

SALES A SERVICE 
GMC, D iam ond-Reo. P e te rb u ilt 
381o IH-1o______________ 441-4511 ic h o o i Bus. 54 passenger, bcoy j 824-4o34 o fte r 5pm ond running cond. Al. $149$. Vie- 
>75 k A w KZ«oo, to rto : 1-578-5395 
SCHOOL-Highwav Diesel Buses 
23o1 NOGALITOS 
534-4711 
47 Sc o u t 4 wheel drive. P erfect 

 fo r 5175o 732-4245, 8 to 5._________ 
U Honda 75o 4uper Sport 4oo mT 
499-3333 494-821o 
_________ ____ 
JOE HARRISON HONDA 
Sales-Service-Ports 
34o1 BRO ADW AY 
824-9494 ----------------------- 
73 K A W A S A K I 4oo, 2 h e lm e ts , mops, 2 mo $35o 923-783o 
— 
E xcellent cond. 491-1547. u - Rims, w hite spokes. 2 ( • ), 2 
-------------a, too tsM m ilo s -Tik i OO')- W Von W «°ch. 
^ 
Si ­ new. $899 4/5-3oo4________ 

STOCK 283 P A R T S , M a n ifo ld s 
73 K aw asaki 9oo, 51,44o or best ond heods. Coll 435-5511. 
— 
Ofter cat! 333 7381__________ 

48 to 'TS Corvette H ardtop, N M 
•74 Kaw oski 9oo. Good condlfiorT 
4oo Turbo, $125. 1$xM jx 12 Slicks 

4ooo 

Wheels. SISO (4) 13 Ford Wheels 
Hubcaps. $4o. 479-7154 o fte r 5___ 
W ill pay $34o tor ‘74 Honda Civic engine. 922-83o3. 

 road hilt. $1595. shape for 
824-4938________________ 
‘44 ifu d e b a k e r p ic k u p , L W 6 , m ake offer. 822 5443 
______ 
'74 S u p e r C h e y e n n e , t le a n , I ow ner, loaded. 454 m o to r, H.O. springs. 52795 448-o753 
Take over paym ents '74 "d o O D 
T IM E S V A N ". 9.ooo m iles. C all: 
M ARIO , 222 8411_________________ 
Toke over paym ents on '73 Chevy picku p . No e q u ity. C a ll 824-74o4 ask to r 
Dennis. 
A tte r I : coll 
454-4321_______________ 
J ton In te r n a tio n a l, s e rie s 4o flatbed tru ck. 
$75o. 
224-8231. 
824-5913._______________ 
73 Toyota H i-Lux, LW B, standard, radio , a ir, bu m p e r, e x tra clean, 
$2195 or best otter 349 9544 
T R A IL E R HO BBS, 32 yds Per feet condition: $4,8oo—473-4191. 
U tility T ra ile r 

TRUCKS 
FULL SIZE N E W ’7 7 FORD P IC K U P 

*$98.84 for 48 months with approved credit, cash selling price $39o1.oo, was $251.oo, cash or tradd, down. A.P.R. 13.51. Deferred price $4995.32. State Tax 8 license excluded. 

GILLESPIE 
TRUCK CENTER 
2411 BROADW AY 
* 
2 2 7 -1 4 1 9 

4x8' new lighting , 
14" wheels, new bearings, shocks, hardtop ■ canvas tops. $15o firm . 
341-o384 e orly am, late pm 
____ 

$75o-475-2555 

KAW ASAKI S ales,'service, P arts W re c k in g O a t™ " » 
- E n g 

758 
• 
AIRCRAFT services. 

 n a , c . . . back, w indshield , re a r b u m p e r 
•41 Sears 25o_.cc^5,°°o o n e .no! 7J4. „ 47 or 4,« .7Soo. m iles, $35o. 454-1898 
" 
—* 
74 ip o r f s le r X L C H tu s fo m p a in t, m ag re a r w h e e l, lo ts ot chrom e. In new con d itio n ! $32oo o r best ofter. 454-7o41. 
• Ii S uzuki ISO. 6 ood co n d itio n . ARROW, 1974 C-172, 
555o C oll: 824-57o2 
_____________ 1957 Appoche. 1954. 512 822-3o91 
■74 Suzuki 5oo. Low mites, excel" 
77 ARROW III lent cond. $7oo. 1-772-3853 ofter 5, colt Frank Adorns, 458-o22o oil day wkends._____________ 
.. 
BONANZA 
• m r A in e A A A is 
Loc*" 14 M em ber Fly! Club w ith 21 
THE SIDE DOOR 
■o w r,w t «onl«»le,e ,FR equipped 

G L ports. W heels, Tanks, Seats, or 341-4788 offe r J p.m 
------ 
O l$ c B ro k e fro n t-e n d s . $714 Cessna 15o C om m uters; 197o zer- 
M O B U D , (C o rn e r Loop 41o and o-tim e, SCMOH, excellen t condi 
B andera). 484-4749. tion, 54,45o. 
G O T 1949 z e ro -tim e j 

^ " tr iu m p h * T rid e n t Ei'ec~~starT; ^ 
o° ^ S - h m e , 'g o o ^ c ^ d " 
1 
— 
*• -------- « • “ 
,o mos n o n j5 ,9 5o^ COH it5* 6o88 or adult ow ner. 25oo m iles. IO mos o ld . A v g . r e ta il $18oo, M IN E 
$145o ! 658-4943 o fte r 6 
451-827) ofter 6PM. 
TS o r '74 BMW 
R 9oT 
Cessna Skvhowk ll, 44o H rs 
TT, IFR equip 1976 Cessna C ar 

VANS 
'74 DODGE M axi, 15 pass 
$425o 
'73 
C H EV Y 
VO, auto, a ir, pow er ..................................... 5275o. 
'73 
FORD 
V I. auto, air, pow er ......................................... $295o 
•72 C H EVY 6 std 
.............. 5195o 
’71 FORD 6 Std......................... $1295. 
'44 DODGE Seats w indow s 
$79$. 
6831 SO FLO RES 923-4211 

4- W HEfeL Ofeivfe------------- 
25 M PG , S u baru. S uper s ta tio n w agon. 1977, 7,ooo m ile s $49oo 
-save $8oo 342-1842 

748 MOTORCYCLES SCOOTERS 

1971 B M W , 75o. W in d ja m m e r, saddle bags. 24,ooo m iles $1375 
BLANC O PRODUCTS 
767 NE LOOP 41o at B roadw ay 
D IR T B IK E , H odako. lOOcc, ex cedent condition. $35o. 344-9o48. 
'75 GL-1ooo. Loaded. Call 6S8 1984 o fte r 6 p m. 
76 Harley Dov.dson super glide, custom ized, 2,5oo m i. 224-5859 
•74 W arley-D avidson S u perglide 
524oo. Call 648-o54o 
2 H o n e y D v id s o n i s S X T 125, brand new, never ridden For de­ tails call M ike B e ldor 341-31o1 or 
344-o28o 
194o H a rle y Nonhead, M a rtia lly disassem bled needs re p a ir, $9oo 
1948 In d ia n fra m e -m a k e o tte r. 
224 8289 o ft $ 
•75 H arley X LH SP lOOOcc, $22oo 
Ask for Ski, days 
221-5374. 
76 H onda 75oA, 2ooo m i 

1973 in te rn a tio n a l 16oo series w itn 
2o' d rive in and lift gate 458-7464 
59 iW i'L s iE V t fA J T V cV iT st.ck 

‘17 J IM M Y , 4 w n eei a r., J mos. old. Less th a n 5,ooo, m i. E v e ry option availab le. List new, $96oo. 
W ill take $85oo o r consider trod e. shift 5895 923 6336 
•7 4 J*E *> C J 7 258* 6 cyl , lock out !*» * » “ ° "V t.m . hubs. E xce lle nt 458-3349 a tte r 
1 ¥ T F ~ 

Garage Sale: I day only. F rid a y, 
M a rc h 4 R e frig e ra to rs , d in in g ta b le , m en, w o m en o n d in fa n t clo th in g , kitc h e n h a rd w a re and m uch m ore. 441o Q uiet F o re s t. 

75 CJ5 w ith b ro w n Le vi top and seats. Less than 12,ooo m i 
69o-943o a tte r 5 pm 
'74 JEEP W agoneer 4 WD, 12,8oo m iles Auto o ir, p ow er b ra ke s, s te e rin g . A M -F M ste re o ra d io 
H i-Lo ronge. S45oo 735 3441 or 
684 752o 

LA to GE a 4 4 6 r \ m e ’n Y I aT e” 
M O D E L H E A V Y DU TY 
D IE S E L TRUC K TRACTORS 
HOFFER TRUCK CO 
1-798-3254 
IN T E R N A T IO N A L TR UC K 
SALES AN D SERVICE 
PO Box 411 H a lle ttsville .Tx 

T h e T mets, and e xtra s. C h e rry. $19oo 
699-1214 or 227-4271 C urt 
‘73 HONDA 35o and ‘73 HO ND A 
4oo, C A LL 453-o929 
73 H onda CB 45o. 4,ooo m ile s , excellent condition. $75o. A fte r 5 
228 o589 ________________________ 
H6 NDA 75, £ 634oT, low m ileage. 
$7oo 494-8242 
7o' MSN DA 356CC, low m ileage 
Custom point. $5oo 494-3195______ 
H O N D A 75o, cle a n , de p e n d a b le 
51o5o Randy 922 o8o1, 227 o74o 
Honda CT 7o Street Legal 5225 
! Coll 344-4244 o fte r 4 p m. 
1 97 5 H o n d a 75o 
C u s to m iz e d 
514oo Coll 532-o925 o tte r S. 
1975 Honda tv c le MC 34o Sell tor 
575o 684 3534OT 
T T HbN'g T V N , 4 cyl .~ l5.ooo m i 
E xcellent cond. 344-84o5 

Block, sm all tonk. 824-3135______ 
TT> IFR eqUjP 
1949 Y o h a m o 35o, ne w tir e s , 1g7g Cessna Skvione ll $8o H rs ; 
13,ooo miles. 5325 or trode fo r boat TTj )FR equip 1974 Cessna C ar j ond m otor, 1-749-3377. d in a l RG l l 38o H rs 
T T , IF R 

73 Vomoho to bood c'onditiorT «•«•»»■v ^ J J -h '"’* 
Lonq 
52oo or best offer 658-3391 
Y a m a h a IOO M X 
P o rte d ond polished, excellent cond 684-5747 

75o 
WANTED AUTOS, TRUCKS, 
TRAILERS, MOTORCYCLES 

 view. Tx (214) 443-2244. 
1944 Cessna S kylo n e , lu ll IP R , 
M B , 
E L T , 
IL S , 
A D F , 
TSO 
TX PDR , dual N ov-C om m s, longj range tonks, new a n n u o l, good c o n d itio n , $14,5oo 458-4o88 o r 
458-8271 ofter 6PM.______________ 
•73 CH ER OKEE V I, 3oo fu ll IFR , a ir, 
$33,5oo. 
F rank 
Adams. 
458-o22o________________________ 

L a rry Cannon Auto Sales 
563o San Ped ro 
828-4335 
9$3-4422 

FRANK B H ALL & CO. 
LARG EST 
A V IA T IO N 
INSURANCE 
B roker O ffers Most 
Com petitive P rices. 512-225-41o1 

CASH FOR JU N K CARS 

PAY TOP PRICES 
F or w recked cars and T rucks 
A l AUTO PARTS 
222-1o11 

CARS AN D TRUCKS 
R U NN IN G OR NO T! 226-2245 

NEW LISTING 
C h arm in g do-over ne a r T rin ity 
L iv in g ro o m , fire p la c e , d in in g room, 2 bedroom , guest house 
732-1291 
CAROLYN 6RAIUM 
R EALTO R 
824-8673 A n ytim e 
•74 P IP E R W ARRIOR 
Call Frank Adorns, 638-o22o 
'74 SENECA ll, 34o TT, fu ll K ing 
IFR includes KN65, O M E , MSD 
36o Slaved HSI, A n im a lic t i l C, a u to p ilo t, e x c e lle n t c o n d itio n 
P riced to sell Contact: Ron Mus i tom, NA YA K A V IA T IO N , Son An­ tonio in ternatio nal 
A irp o rt I 
312-824-7311______________________ j 
F or Y our Car, Or Truck. Running '41 SU Y L A N I . ' 99$ T , 1855] or n o t!! Any condition, also Junks ; SMOH 
F u ll I F * pan el, M K 12, 

SE LLIN G YOUR CARY 
H i p ric e s p a id fo r c le a n c a rs - 
Trucks, etc. 222-1342____________ 
TO F O O L L A R ! J U N K c a rs . trucks, scrap 125 m i. radius San 
Antonio. 342-5o1o 
__________ 
TOP MONEY PAID 

922 3838 

USED CARSCLEAN 
SMITH CHEVROLET 
1221 BROADW AY_______ 223-4283 
WE BUY USED CARS 
ORSINGER BUICK CO 
4315 SAN PEDR O 
734-4221 

754 TIRESiiaits accessories 

 ti, and JO CO RVETTE hardtop p a in te d y o u r c o lo r $ 5 o o (4 ) 
GR7oX15 tire s on Ansen S p rin t moos $24o-349 2791 
Boss 3o2 M ustang, Iro n s , other drive tra in parts. 
333-S882, 
448-1321. 
____ 
____________ 

C E N TR A L T IR E CO. 
7o5 N. FLO RES, 224 5473 

Sansui re c e iv e r w ith s p e a k e rs > Comelot ll addition 
5325, 735 o3o9 
Scuba Gear. Posiedon Regulator, 
O ocor T w in 55o T a n k s . D e p t. gouge etc 496 43o4 
Sears A ir Conditioner 14.ooo BTU I C lothing , M isc. C lo th in g $22 Mc 

G aroge Sole: 4 days, everything to r the house. Open 9 to 4. 558 
F o trif .a H orm ony H ills. 
G A R A G E S A L E : 
C h ild re n 's 

517o 458 2431 

 b o x s p rin g , cond 824-7421 s u i! m attress Good 
341 o844 
Bedroom suite, la rg e Cupper tone re frig e ra to r. 3 piece liv in g room suite, 2 black and w hite T V 's. 3 gas heaters. Dining room suite. 4' 
Ita lia n m arb le coffee table. 2454 
W M istletoe. 732-3142 
B edroom Suites. M e d ite rra n e a n 
D ining Suite, China Cabinet. Sofa 
Bunk Beds. E a rly A m erican Din- nefte. Hutch. Tea Cor), Tw in Beds 
Chest 337 8)13. 
B x n 2 single, m aftress and box springs with legs, 333-4276_______ 
J B .d s. tw in m ahoga ny po ste r 
575 M ahogany tables 534 7o27 
B tfc ft b d * , id le ' m odel I .2 wide 222-8883 
B icycle , lady lion 492 2414 i i " H a c k and W hite D ia o o n a l 
Table Model TV $98 Hoop s 1533 
W W IN MHW, 
B in its 
6 *ood» n venetian 34' «4' good condition 824-4751 
£ B base 

FOR SALE d re sse r, H ide-a bed couch, lawn m ow er and re frig e r ator 344 2576 
. y g f S A i r * ----------------- 
Pool sweep 535o, chainsaw $1oo. 8 
RR ties $5 ea. new W eber b a r becue w ith tea c a rt $ 1oo, p a tio u m b re lla table $3$, p ic n ic ta b le a n d b e n c h e $ $7. n ew p o w e r m ower 2o% Oft $24o, greenhouse 
$1oo. rod iro n s ta irt ond ra ilin g 
I, lo o iro n sta irs ana ra ilin g 
. eo, MEC gunshot loader $$o, i 1 *8-73o4 

J I H eavy d u ly pipe c u tte r. $3$ or 
• t>est otter Robert 922-3513 
' 
H b iP lY A L BE D Clean In te rsp r 
I mg m attress, $12$. 734 o432, att. 
I IMW. 
Bhp engine, electric s to rl 
Coll 
481-3149 i Ic e c re a m fre e z e r - b le n d e r , 
I stadium blankets, afghans, q u ilt, 7 quilt tops, punch bow l set, 

1962 Sears A llstate Scooter, Don- 
Ole Bed W ith M attress 653 3544 
SEARS E le c tric M ow er, used I yr. $75 
G E canister V acuum 
654-8318.________________________ 
Sears 3' ihp Roto T ille r, new en­ gine. 
585. 
Before 
Noon call 
822 1426 
See P a y n e s C r e a tiv e C r a fts 
N o rth w e st C enter F leo M a rk e t 
Sat M arch 5, Sun Oak W all Tele­ phones. Old Trunks. Horse C ollar 
M irro rs U nusual Table Lam ps, 
P la n te rs S tands. W a ll B ra c k e t 
Lom ps Much M ore 

Pougol 533 9443 A ll This Week 
G A R A G E S A L E : F r l S a t 741 
Elizabeth, Clothes. P orn Bicycle. tow nsw eoper___________________ 
G ARAGE SALE 
G ettm a Ready to Move, Clothing. Bedroom F u rn 
Household goods, toys Thur Sot 
M ar 
3,4,5. 
345 
E. 
Sum m it at 
Shook. 
_ 

MK 5, m a rke r beacons, p ilo t heot,) strob e, post lig h ts. Single pie ce 1 w in d sh ie ld . New tire s , b a tte ry . 
A lu m ig rip 
M u s t s e ll o r tro d e down! A tter 6 p .m .: 822-3868. 
; 
WHY NOT ord e r a New 
P IP E R to your own 
Specifications 
F rank 
Adams.; 
458 o12o 
_____ 

8o1 CAMPERS TBAllEOS 

A irstream 3o' A1 condition, $575o 
1-257-48o5 K o rrv itle _____________ 
A irstream 25’ fu lly setf-contamed 
A ir, new tires. Hove two, m ust sell one! 137 M onticello._____________ 
ALA S K A N C o bover ca m p e r IO', sleeps 4, go s-e le c. r e fr ig ., gas stove, towers to r trove !. 4o4-67o1 
1975 AP AC H E T E N T C A M P E R 
COM: 434-o4o9. 
_ 
ARISTOCRAT T ra ve l T ra ile rs 
The choice of the q u a lity buyer 
R A H M BE R G RV C E NTE R 
2271 AUSTIN NW Y. 
655-o231 
YOUR GUIDE TO DEPENDABLE SERVICE 
EXPRESS-NEWS 
SERVICE DIRECTORY 

TO PLACE ADS I N THIS D IR E C T O R Y CALL 2 2 5 *1 6 6 6 

26! . good cond) 

Boyce f -J46 SSS w ith 
Sit oo $35o M isc equip 433 2515 o fte r 3: W hiz 
Chairs. Rosenthal china 
Sansui speakers, desk 
M ahogany tables lam ps 
Lots of GOOD lunk la m 4pm 
1767 
B A ND ER A 
RO 
433 oo4o 
C H IN A . N o n to x ic , w h ite goHS etched, beautiful set Service for 
7, $15o 474 7294 re s it b w X ih a T Et I k' 
1 ngid o ire Mashers, d ry dea ning m achine, w a te r heater, softne r. and dryers 512 513 3333 

IM 
493 92o4 
F 6 o S i r W a ll size com m er- etal type ice m aker (F n d g ia ire ), 
! One chest type com m e rcial Coke box. Both good c o n d itio n . C o lt 
I 317 996 342) or 312 994 34o2 

FREIGHT SALVAGE 
Bent Steel Pipe 

F iberglass Tubs A Showers 

W ater Heaters 
Steel Tubs 
Cast Iron Tubs 
Sinks L a vo ratories 
Many Other Item s 
________224 o672 
F rig id a ire R e frig e ra to r, 7 i n 
Mug Wheels. $4o J42 4o88 
)S ft M etal A ntenn o M ost W ith 
Guy 
W iles 
Alm ost 
New 
$35 
735 6312 
________ 
F urnifure Appliances Jew elry 
A il A p p lic a tio n s a p p ro v e d w ith required down paym ent Coll Im penal Furn 727 2277 4)6 B rody 
I F u rn itu re to r sole 
( I ) F o rm a l oft w h ite d in in g ro o m ta b le , 6 chairs and bullet like new valued at 515oo w ill sell 56oo ond (2) For 
, j,...................., j m al livin g room sofa, I bunching 
Collector wonts G erm an M ilita ry tobies. 2 lamps, good cond valued item s, WWI and WWD in clu d in g $15oo w ill sell $4oo, cash a r ca- 
Regim ental Beer steins 4S$ 3841 j shier s check only, 341 $2o9 fd S r A d m ir a l T V m . H o ck and S A E a G E I U 
! U A t a r i n g 

Kenm ore A utom atic D ishw asher, 

I EmC Cond >,do' 
° n * 
! Kenm are w asher good cond Old 
! V ictrolo. 78 records 342 $772 
K irb y V acuum C leaner, w ith an attachm ents, excellent condition, m m 
. 
L a rg e m a p le desk, $1 OO 
7 b o r stools $1o both. New Day bed HOO 
I chase lounge ch a ir, $3o 499-1$29 lft.5 
L o rge P lyw ood Boxes] 4 x 4 'x f r, 
! Ste ea. 
Centro) M oving A Storage 
________ m o o N Loop Rd 
Lawn m ow er E xce lle nt Condition. 
Like new $$$, 6o4-3384. i I rd 7i apiin C oncert tickets in 
Dallas on M or 4 684 9264 
L ike Now, A vocado K lic h e n o id ' 
, P o rt D ish w a sh e r. $2oo 4o1-1777 
I BW, I. 
I L ivin g room se!, Paid $1o6o, Sell 
I $45o Spanish bed roo m set w ith i queen size bed 
P o id $7oo Sell 
$3$o. Q ueen size h id e o bed, 2 chairs, coffee tables A ll item s I 
I yr eld 499 o1o4 

SOFA $3$ 
124 6111 
Sofa and 7 ch a irs, new ly uphol- stered F tergl prin t. $17$. 923 4119 
Soto. tle x s te e l, so lid w ood c o n ­ struction, hard woven blue green u p h o ls te ry , a rm c o v e rs E x tra fobnc SISO 824 5o42 

G a ra g e S ale: Com e e a rly to a 
SU PE R g a ra g e sole 
S p re a d s, odds 
'n ends, le w e lry. 
o71 
V irg inia. 
G arage Sale 
13o15 El Sendero 
M aple tw in bed. dresser, aueen 
Soto bed, etc 454 2998.__________ : 
M O V IN G G A R A G E S A L E 
J 
G reen Rugs, K e nm o re W asher. 
Broiler Oven, T y p e w rite r. M en % 
Clothing. M isc 347-4419. 

934 ROSINESS DIRECTORY 
BABYSITTING 
CHILD C A R E 
FO UNDATIONS 
LANDSCAPING 

SOFA: Flex Steel. Avocado Her- cuion 
Upholstery 
Like 
New 
876 9529_________________ 
Solo Hercuton $75. vin yl lovesept 
$45, 45/ 1174____________________ 
Soto, lo veseat, c h a irs . P e rs ia n 
4x9. K arastan I2 x ts rugs, m isc., 
734 2586________________________ 
8’ Soto 5125 Solid Oak C o ckta il 
Table-Hex Tabie-CommoOe 5175 
Dinette 4 choirs, 573 684-4354 o ft « 

SPEAKERS 

Whtie Portable $37 5o 733 o747 dolor TV 
19" B eauiifw l P ictu re. 
5125 o74 97oo f g L S B W s i K e x c e llent condi hon Com 972 4225 
Color conto*#, "sue 
"Tv 
Jim 
923-o11$ d o lo r TV, 23” Q uasar M rd T j*? ! r o r eon cantate $42$ oo19 Q uirt ddLO R TV $♦$ rie frig e ra io r $45 
Both w orking guild 924 2o44 t oucli and Loveseat, centem per- ory black braw n white H erculen 
$78o 6S3 9494 dowcTTOT c h a ir. Y end table s and lam p, beiae naugahyde, m akes into sleeper. $12$ Dinette 4 pad ded chairs. E a rly A m erican. $7$. 
AH good Ie excellent 441 $773 
O am anged ti» 1 2 P lyw o o d Col loge 
Term s, 
Free 
D e live ry 
S w o t , 
_______ 
Desks! Desks! Desks! 
Oak 
W alnut, M eta l E x e c u tiv e , 
Secretary. Student - la rg e selec lio n ii 9 5o and up A lso Geed s e le c tio n et F IL E C A B IN E T S . 
1131 Baste Rd . 733 7347. 734 IM I 

 t i ' 1 d ia g o n a l B la ck and W hite 
Par robe TV (re co n d itio n e d ) t i l 
HOPP s I i i i Austin Hwy 4 
75" i!iia B»WBl Zenith Color den tale 
TV. R econditioned Like New $2*4 
Hoop s 1533 A ustin Hwy_________ 
O ie f o o h M ^ W r 'm o "uiiiTr stalls 
(or $793, sell tar $43o 657 ooo4 
D o u b le b e d w lfk m a ftre s s 
P o s tu r in g . $o3 
S p a n is h s ty le d re s s e r w ith m ir r o r , $9$ G old c o lo re d so fa . $6o 
A lm e s ! new leveseat, |P$. 734 oo34___________ 

 i d ra w e r chest, $15. 7 hutches, 
$73 
D ir e c to r 's c h a ir, $5 b e d fra m e , $18, 49o oo77_______ b r yer. gas. S ignature l l IL ex collen! ca n d lin g , $73 532 9477 
E le c tric fla ir re lie rs , stereo, ex e x itin g bicycle COH a fte r 4 pin , 
34o-9194 ty p e w riie r 

I C leaning! 3 Fam ilies E ve ryth in g under the Sun1 lo am Span M AR 
14 3 133 CO RNW ALL 
Gas Range, C atalina’ ThToinJ iou 
4 burners, g rill, ro tisse rie , w ide 
{even, la rg e vent a head, 7 lig h ts with pipes, tike new. att to r $15o i Atter 3, IJJ 6424 b a t H a n g a , e x c e lle n t, 
453 3274 atter I and weekends 
6 # R e frige rator 17 5 cu it. W hite 
Like New 52oo 45o 3433 
G ibson i b e x c e lle n t C o n d itio n 
Call A ft 5pm 342 3597 
S 6 T £ E Y Y d s - m e bood gen dition 
COH 
4o4 8o93 
Offs liw to X X o 
A o li diut>s I 9 Irens. 5 woods plus cart, $175 441 4o91 

GRAND OPENING 
McDonald’s 
IM Clearance Conter br one al America's largest 
M m 
Leasing 

T T e T 
494 IM I fe lle n t winckev 
F rie d ric h A ir 
8 2 M B TU 
228 outlet 
1199 COM a n ytim e 734 4147 r x A A R R IS s u a r l . T t r o ^ T n i l R oam ch u cke d fu ll 
H oosier kitchen cabinet $15o R o cker $35 b uffe t $4o C o rne r China Cabinet 
HOS C h a irs P n m a liv e s . gla ss ware, misc 
F L E A n o u s , 414 W H iM e b ra n d 
734 839$, lo am till d a rk r t b d l t s A ir Limit, U o W T T O 
U IS 17.9M B T U IIM , 454-1771 

We rented it first se we can te ll it for less". 
Lamps - ii 
Tables • SS 
H ead b o ard !-$13 
Upholstered C h a in - $19 
Mattress Sets - $19 
Dinettes- $39 
Dressers • $$9 
Sofas - $49 
McDonald’s 
4742 Dodge Street 

6S6-6o5S 
Mon.-Sot, 9 to S 
M osier C harge bonk A m el n o r a 
Star lite Terrace exit att im ii, cross under IH3S, take let! to Whirlwind, tot! on 
Bai l . 
G uitar Am p "IT " TI L '{eeMer~m 
W aits M ake Ofter o94 4394 
, u ’ /• fcfTO vation, ro u n d b a c k , with case, Uke new, 3219 927 394o duns 
Nom ‘ T f l n B r V T T R * 
M a rlin 3o IO. 7 M a rlin 72 w ifh 4X 
Scape Cab m e! OSO-177} 
H ealer Wall M en " Ii H i EW 
Complete t i l 454-177] 

Loveseat w ith I end tables. year eld 342 1oo9 
M a tc h in g c h a ir o n d o tto m a n ! newly uphol $7$, o tte r 12 333 6324 
M e d ite rra n e a n k in g size head board, $14. a r B o tt awor 435-5413 
R if N S I S p .. <t ilk # F o r $eS» I 
Good condition $4o 337-4252. 
I vLE T A L idee fo r, M in i AVT .'" ^ 
1 now, $154 927 394o_________ 
M ini bike. Sears Best. Cos! i i i i like new, $85 492 2414 
M6 V IH 6 o A U it A M IL fc .ir,g ,7 afer Am ana. 2ocu ft, W hite, less than I y r old. F ro s t fre e O ther 
E xtro s S27 3 696 53o3 
, Nice B a rly A m e rica n Cauch and 
Chair Cauch opens into hod. peed condition. S7S 227 4o24 a m i -------------- 
Alm ost new. $45 923-44o4 _______ 
6 uk "d in in g room To b i • 6 choirs 
S425 2 coffoe tables m atch ing S5o eg 341-5431. 

OFFICE CHAIRS 
E lo c a tiv e . S e cre ta ry. O cca sio n ­ al Upholstered, v in y l and genuine le a th e r 
A ll b e a u tifu l O ve r 2o4 i c h a irs to chee se tra m 
P ric e d tram s i 5o and up t i l l Basse Rd . i 733 7347. 734 JOH 

OFFICE FURNITURE 
Eve. Vining M ust Go 
Desks, C hoirs, Cr eden la s 
Cubicles, Etc 
I Ie 4 D aily 
2o5 E. Travis, 736-2896 

Insolvent iow a Co. in process Of liq u id a tio n , soaks in tru ste d San 
Antonio residents who would like : to pet in en a good buy on Stereo phonic Spaakos The speakers Oro ! not sold w ith a g u a ra n te e , b u t m ay be tested lo in sure q u a lity | 
S tock c o n s is t of the fe llo w in g 1 types. SOO G AR D E, heavy cabinet 
3-woy systems w ith 12 inch Phil- i lips D riv e r SO- IO m id range and : 
Phonem e rin g tw e e te r w ith lu ll cress ever M a rke t value 5179 95 : each, your cost 5o9 each 
3oo G A R D E 2-way w ith 12 inch 
17-71 P h illip s d riv o r, ond 32-2o I 
P h o n e tic rin g tw e e te r M a rk e t j value $122 SO each, your cost 179 { 
IOO GARDE M ini Power Column speakers wilts I inch foam roltad 
O n v o r , o n d P h o n o U ic r in g tw e e te r 
M a rk e t v a lu e 591 75 each, your cost 553 aach 
C o n tro l Public ond O eoters m ay inquire bv calling 454 7o41 
A p ro d u c t e t R y a n M a rk e tin g ' 
< pip of T e x o s _______________ 

STARVING ARTISTS 
Your w ork con be sold on a con sipnm ant basis Resort com m une tv m ods a ll typos at a rtw o rk lo d isp la y in a rt shoo re s ta u ra n t 
C e ra m ic s , m a c ra m e , p a in tin g , etc welcome Coll * <) >32-1313 
Stereo sot. includes A M -F M radio, 
(-tra ck topos. J m ikes tor record mg 
4 speakers 
5385 
824 3775 ovoq. 
Super I Bell A Howell m ovie k it: p r o te c to r , s c re e n , c a m e r a , spacer. 5175 441 4o98___________ 
Tore rid in g m ower. SHP. I speed 
438 Of chord 
________________ 
TR AD E . M ink Stole (5888 value) 
(or cioan, good m otor Pinto cie. 
/ » H ip 
T ro p ic g( fish. b ro o d in g a ng els. c lo w n lo a c h e s , m is c . b o tto m loaders OM5452________________ 
23 
T v ) b la c k and w h ile M w n o v a s h e m e e n te r ta in m e n t cowier SOI 734 231o 

M u lti fa m ily E state Sate. 2 dou ble oven stoves. 3 bicycles, brass j and copp er tire e x tin g u is h e rs . I g e lt clu b s, d iv in g e q u ip , s m a ll a p p lia n c e s , d e s ig n e r fa b r ic s , b u r g lo r b a rs . b a b y ite m s and m uch m o re , a ll in e xce l cond . re a s. b id s a c c e p te d , 3So7 M o - 1 rymgwt, 9 4pm SAT O N L Y 
! 
Patio Sale. Lots et goodies, 8431 
Q uail C reek, behind M a n a g e r s office Sot M o r s.______________ 
Pingpong table, golf clubs, dishes, cookware, sm all appliances, baby things, adult, child clothing, cof­ fee ta b le ; g la ss bu n ch ta b le t; ; lig h t fix tu re s , a m e th y s t rin g s ; m e n 's w a tc h e s ; e le c tr ic b a r - ! b e c u t; toys ond m isc 41o9 Rue 
Francois, eft Eyers. 484-3138 
; 
Y A R D S A L E . W ed th r u Sat 
Clothing, fu rn itu re and M isc doms 
42o2 King Crest oft Coliseum ond ! 
Gi-mbler Hil 

93o-U t HCH A M M Rf MUTED 

Antiques. Appliances, F u rn itu re 
WE PAY MORE 
Estates, A nything et value tra m one piece to houseful Call 
342-47SS Anytim e_______ Est 
1949 I 
B uying late model re frig e ra to rs . freezers needing re p a ir 34) lie s 

CAMERA EXCHANGE 
Buy, Sell. Trade. Repair 
$332 SAN P E D RO 
828 2J27 
! CASH to r w a s h e rs - K e n m o re .! 
I W hirlpool needing repair. m B f i t r 
CASH tor your Used Piano 
_______ 224-71)1 or 324-t i t ! 
| 
DIAMONDS 
W illiam s. 127 8782, ISO E Houston 

I LL BUY ANYTHING 
THAT DOESN T E A T !!* 
C A LL JIM LISTE R 
_______ 6M 8488 f 
433 o{4)______ 
6JOE PAYS CASH# 
F or used fu rn itu re ond w o rk in g oppttonces 913 8942 , 927 444S 
TOF CASH P A ID fo r yo u r eld newspaper ond cerruaatad AAB 
CO Paper 
Stock i l l Ceralvo 

ADDITIONS 

REMODELING 
C O M PLE TE FIN A N C IN G 
FR EE E S TIM ATES 
C & S LDMRER 
4447 ROOSEVELT 
914 8S54. 924-8SS7 

ASPHALT 

B a b y s ittin g 
• 
7 3oom-S:3oem. 
733 92o9 
3-5 yr h o m e , olds, 

B abysitting rn m y home, tic , N S 
MOH prep, day or night, 341-S272 
B abysitting in m y house, Blonco i Rd oreo. 734 347o_______________ 
B abysitting in my home. H ighland 
H ills area, 334-1894._____________ 
C H IL D C A R E IN M Y H O M E 
1 Monday th ru 
F rid a y, 
N E j 835-9721. 
D a ytim e c h ild c a re in my home, nice fenced c o .ct reps . 818 3187 
E xcellent child care in my home 
Lakeside area 448-1584 

P lanned a c tiv itie s . C astle H ills, 
D ream land area. 349 8418_______ 
Reg ch ild c a re , V a le n c io -E l Do rode oreo, 655-3831______________ 
Reg ch ild ca re in m y home. per sonol attn any age. NE area. 
657-1719.________________________ 
R eg c h ild c a r e in m y h o m e . 
Smos-Syrs el ope. 333 1482 
Reg childcare in my home, ape I ond up SIS wk, 441 2551 (K irb y ) 
REG CH ILDCARE 2 4vr$ In my home D ays' 3 days wk 4pm-7am 
Oft 
Callaghan on 
Ingrom 
Rd 
435 6914. 

A S P H A L T R E P A IR IN G A N D ________________________________ 
PATCHWORK We do drivew ays, j L ie . C H IL D C A R E in m y hom e gravel work. No lob too big or toe sm all Free estim ates Cat! J A P 
ASPH ALT CO 474-7244_________ 
S p ecializing in a sp h a lt and c o n -: u re li^ lriv e 4 6 |n o474 onytim c 

ASPHALT CONCRETE 
WORK 

A I C O N C H E TE F o u n d a tio n . patios, asphalt d rive w a ys P ark- mg Lots Lie Bonded $34)448 
All Types of Concrete W ork 
Ra(OOt,914-74o3 
C A LL V C O N S T R U C T IO N Con I crete slabs, foundations, patios, porches, d riv e w a y s , s id e w a lks. ond OSP ho ti 533 8438___________ { 
C em ent C o n stru ctio n . Redw ood d e s ig n p a tio s , s id e w a lk s .! drivew ays, all types et fla t w ork 
Hove trow el w ilt tra ve l, 334 8873 
{ 
Concrete, all types, foundations. 1 d riv e ways, patio s, c a ll day or night. Free Est 733 1384. 733 7413 I 
Concrete, b ric k and ro ck w o rk 
P atios, d riv e w a y s , fou n d a tio n s 
733 $o)6 or 433-4469. cot! R ichard j 
C O N C R E T E W O R K 
P A T IO S .; 
Sidewalks, D rivew ays 333 3143 
C o n c re te w o rk , p a tio , w a lk s . I drivew ays tree est J G u e rre ro 1 
924-7777 j 
Discount en oil concrete, rack and i m asonry w ork Done now Free est A nytim e 274 84S9. 532-5719 
D riv e w a y s , p a tio s , w a lk s . I rem odeling and m etal bides Call 
; 937 SUS or 917 SSM_____________ 
P E B B LE FIN IS H -O rivew ays. pa ho. sidewalks, and what have you 
No icb leo sm all H 
R A M IR E Z 
I 434-7798 

TRY MF! 

Tv partoBia, w o rking geed. 535 

Old" p a rlo r c h a ir, lib r a ry table . clack, chest 822 8849 
One Am ber C uTo> p ..clin e ! Hew)* 
Covered 
E xce lle nt 
Cond 
575. 
458 2)28 
6HI S IV SHIV---------- 
M ARCH 5 
ESTATE 
SALE 
Gordon supplies, office fu rn ifu re , hand made items, clethinp COME 
E A R L Y ! Rtlce W arehouse Leon 
Springs On Old F re d e ricksb u rg 
Read 
One M e d ite rra n e a n (firing room set. couch, c h a ir, coffee table. I 
>-notable* 516$ or w ill sell sopor ate 459 1843 s n r u m r u c i : m a tc h in g 
9x11 and 12x12 C ham pagne and 
G e ld 
U n iq u e N o n -T ra d itio n a l patte rn Hand made in Tttensen 
M anner 9 y rs eld O utsta n d in g 
Cond M ust he seen R etailed ever 
I SOHO Now 52898 458 4 354 
FI T n i l - T i n T E ' U L g 
T hu rs. th ru S o l. l9 -4p m T w in 
, b e d ro o m den fu rn itu re w agon 
{w h e e l de sig n , 1938 s b a r. S e c . ita lia n P ro vin cia l dining set. 2 d r re trig , steve, aute w asher dm cite set. over slutted chairs New lo in s p ro te c to r 
C h in e , s ilv e r , 
<ut a lo ** Fiesta ware. m uch misc l i t s Robin Mead PATSY BUYS 

I T y p e w r ite r , 
IB M e le c tr ic . 
I C heckw ntet P o v m u tio 
'is "J*- 
" u n i t e d f r e i g h t s a l e s "” 
Ne I 
........ 
184 E LA M A R 
Ne I . 
18418 P E R R IN B E IT E L 
Fine F u rn itu re ■ F ra ctio n of retort 
I U sed F u r n itu r e a n d odd s end ta d s 337 7916 
USEO H E AV Y D U TT STORAGE 
Bldg term s tree d e live ry 
7 il-l)71 

U s e d O ffic e Furniture 
O esks, c h a irs , ty p e w rite rs , ad d o e psp fb ia q i M e re ! 349-1474 
USED R E FR IG E R A TO R S 
C E N T R A L SERVIC E CO 
787 W E IT AVE , 734 4217 

W A N T E D 
A fr ic a n g a m e I r e - i elites Also hea r ru g s H e ll lop desk Mpg F n . 736 2o>« 
W A N T E D 
C o lo r TV n e e d in g repair 
M ast be reasonable 
927 7494________ 
, 
W A N T E D 
L e o n a N e rila k e 
P a ttern China. 7 D inner Plate*. 2 
Soup Bowls. 2 7" Plates. 3 4 11" 
Plates, 3 Saucers. I cups or any ext co piece* j», .'JVI 

W A N TE D 
W orking ar net w o rk ­ ing re frig e ra to rs 
435 5559; 
671-7679______________ 
~ iA /e fc u *fu rn itu re . Appliances 
Estates Antiques G lassw are etc 
BEST PRICES PAID 
532 6641 
453-3714 anytim e. 4S5 4414 eves 
JOHN A RO W LAN D PARNES 
Licensed and Bonded Buyers 
WrW E V T A S U --------------- 
For Geed Used F u rn itu re 

Lew prices-high q ua lity concrete work Coll unvtim e. M r Concrete. 
SE HARLA ESPAN OL, 22FS447. 
J 2 im _____________ 

BO O KKEEPING A TAX 
SERVICE 

Income to e P reparation, person a l a n d b u sin e ss 
A lso . h a n d le boo kkeepin g and o il aspects of c o rre s p o n d e n c e . 242 S p e n ce r 
Lane, 
733-7137, 
694 1141 
Or 
349 974$ 

C A R PE N TR Y 

W a sh e r, a u te 
K e n m o re condition $45, electric d rye r $48, portable freezer $$8 433 4284___ 
W aler tank, 1288 gal heavy gage aatv $17$ >14-1899______________ 
W edding d re ts and v e il, iv o ry 
Size U l t $123 434 3)3$ 
W e d d in g gow n ond h e a d p ie c e , 
Size I i. $125 496 3433 J U |944 
W edding gown and ve il size Ii. ociginqHr $498, P e lt offer *>« 8743 
W e ld e r, H e e end A C V 
T o rch 
C a rf, 4 b a ffle s 159. M O W eed 
Steel w ork Bench 58 I 825 S ill or 
I H I 

FAWCETT FURMITURE 
414 D oloroso 
727 SJH 
* * * * We pay cash tor rifle s shotgun* m t f 
Pistols 714-1794 

We Pay More Cash 
Per Thai Goad Plane 
That you a re net using caH M r Lean al 2214151 
Please 

IT S EAST TO PLACE A 
E XPR ESS NEWS 
WANT AD 125 146* 

A C a rp e n te r: in Need OI Jobs 
(rom Reefing Ie F ou ndation No 
Job Toe S m a ll! F re e E s t 
A ll w o.x Guoi anteed »|7-5924 
A Complete M aintenance Service. 
C a rp e n try , r e e lin g , a il ty p e s re p a irs. P rice s you can a lle rd 
Free Est 634 8244 
Additions, repairs, pointing Free estim otes 65$ >493 _________ 
A ll types c a rp e n try w a rk 
Also re e lin g , p a in tin g , s a tis fa c tio n guaranteed 
Ne tab lee sm all 
454 337}________________________ 
Q uality c a rp e n try w o rk. Ie y rs expe rience F re e E st A ll w o rk 
$ua;unt*»-u i i ) vie r 

CARPET SALES A 
SERVICE 

A I C le a n in g S p e c ia l 
L iv in g ream . din in g room. $22 59 9x 11 lease rugs 
$19 58- 
227 1914, 
225 8181_________~ ______________ 
U N IT E D CA RP ET S E R V IC E " 
974 1958 or 124 1746 

DIRT-SAND-GRAVEL 
FILL-TOPSOIL 

AAA Grode lawn ond garden dirt, 
7 day d e lly 
D U G I T R U C K IN G 
CO 337-4249 anytim e 517.59 and 

A B a rro n A ll types d irt sand grovel Year reun>i dei i i i 4)37 
ACTION D E LIV E R S FOR LESS i4t oo12 
M ON EY. 
534 2947 anytim e 
923-4844________________________ 
A ll types d irt, sand. g ra ve l Jim 
Longlot a Northside, 343 2448 
A t n e b to p s o il, m ix e d lo a m , sand, also lawn and garden fe r­ tilize r bv lead Cow m anure, any- 
HEIB W d O i. 

B E LG IA N G A R D E N TOP SOIL 
Best Q u a lity, also sand top soil m ix 
O P E N 
E V E R Y 
D A Y 
433 9739; 433-1489 

Oirt-TepsoM Sand G ravel-Leam 
Roy H endrix D elivered 34 1 2449 
G ood to p s o il d e lly , to m 3pm 
434 4324 
Even and weekends 
484-3941 
H, FEST TOPSOIL 
N-MW, 484-4294 
LAWN DIRT H A U LE D 
9H-4947 bR ar » 
Loading topsoil and sandy loam. below 419 on Somerset Rd to Hid den Valley 
We also deliver SIS. 
638 1199__________________________ I 
NOW IS THE TIM E To put vege table fa rm topsoil on your law n 
Dehvery oxoil 484 1873__________ 
S p ecialize in ric h to p s o il, sang and grove). 923 8438. 913 7214 
Top S o li/ G ra v e l D e liv e r a n d 
Spread 
NW and 
NC 
434-1184, ilM iti. 
I 
TO P S O IL , S A N O . G R A V E L 

FIR E A BSQ WOOD 

Firew ood bv tiu is io u o Sgtil, dei ; ond stochbd tar $15. 914 6934 
FR E E FIR E W O O D , need chain sow awd tru ck 7|4-6o7S 
GOOD WOOD you haul. 54o cord 
We D e live r, $58. guaran teed lu ll cord 922 9441 

HOUSE L E V E L IN G 
THE IRISH M AN 
3o YEARS E X P E R IE N C E 
Note N ever toke the firs t p rice ! 
333-VOS I or 
7I4-7S11 

R e lia b le m an to do fo u n d a tio n repairs and house leveling Satis­ fa c tio n g u a ra n te e d . No jo b to sm all COH 636 5573.____________ 

Satisfaction Guaranteed 
City t ic 434 244! 

FU R N IT U R E 
R E F IN IS H IN G 

Furniture Refinish 
Repairs 
Antique restoration 
Experienced and reasonable 
714-952$ 

G A R D EN IN G 

G ardens tilled Reasonable rates 
Cow otter sam, 913 6 388 
G row your own vegetables, g ar den tining, reps roles, 63$ t>4$ 
T illin g y o u r g a rd e n F re e es- am oles. 213-8484 

WE H A V E P L E N T Y OF L IV E 
O A K 
T R E E S 
FO R 
S A L E 
I (75-9828 or I 392 S lit. 

ROOFING 

LAWN CARE 

H A N D Y M A N 

HAND Y M AN 
731-8532 

Law ns m owed and trim m e d Free 
E stim ates 648 1819 
P la n t grass, fe rtiliz e yards, cut 
^ o w ^ r je j^ o t jjF e t e J 3 1 ^ 7 o 8 ^ 

P A IN TIN G . P A P E R IN G 
PLA STER IN G 

A Complete P ainting S ervice, in te n o r, e x te rio r. P rice s you can ofiord, 454-9244._________________ 
A. G a rcia P a in tin g C o n tra c to r. 
Free Est I n l- tx t 734 7844 
G E R H A R D T ! $31-714* 
R E L IA B L E 
E S T IM A T E S en 
P a in tin g P a p e rin g , S h e e tro c k , 
W indow G lass. R e p a irs. Budget 
Term s t i t } S H a ckb e rry 
P aper H anging. P a in tin g W ork 
G u a ra n te e d R e fe re n c e s F u r ­ nished C om m ercial and Residen­ tia l Reasonable. Jack W illiam s 
349 7911 

PA IN TIN G 

A comp ete P ainting, D ecorating 
Service City Wide 454 6J4o 
A r th u r P a in tin g C o n tr a c te r . tn t E x t., 
A c o u s tic c e ilin g s , c is -1348, Free Estim ates._______ 

H A N D Y M A N P A IN T CO (P a in t m g C o n tra cto r), si78 B road w ay, 
( l l IoS8 Ins , re f toners. 
N o r'th s id e rm* 

HAULING A M OVING 

Hauling and m oving w ith pickup tru ck, 973-S489__________________ 
H A U LIN G ANO D U M PIN G 
Hove I 1 1 ten trucks. S33-U41 
H a u lin g , m o v in g ond tre e trim - mmg, hove I > ten tru ck, 673 5I6> 

LIG H T H A U LIN G ANO M O VIN G t Piece or uuuse fu ll 
Day or N ile 
APT M OVING S P E C IA L IT Y 
454-5785 

MOVING? 
Call 439 1(7*. 

TifE KST M8VWG CO. 
M O V IN G , 9 y e a rs e x p e rie n c e . 
<C a H ,G O jlo n *O ^ M 1 4 £ 8 1 3 B^ ^ 

H O M E IM P R O V E M E N T S 
M A IN T E N A N C E 

ALUMINUM FACTORY 

-p T iT iT n r e - 
{PRIDE 
Free Es) 836-4374 
Hamlin# I i yrs * 
* nonce. Free 
Est Ne i*b I* small Clean wark. 
533 8129 ar 226-9817 
~ > m 
T b T 6 N i P A iN tlR S — i Interior Exterior. 
Free 
Est 
18SMMI. 
I 
A e o lin a o nJ P o in tin g , F ree 
Estimates 114 1911 or 911 7379 

SattslzcHan Guarantee! 
City Lie, 45$ 3441_______ 

Coatings for all roofs. Guaranteed workmanship. Prices you can at ford. Free est. 454-o244 
I i H 
£6 die do the lob right the first tim * New roots, roof repairs af all types. Free est 
65$ 1939. 
I^LAAk S Roofing A Remodeling 
Free Est. 824-1331. 
. b {“ Experience on Compos tion or Gravel Roof. R AM IR EZ. 

SEW ING M A C H IN E 
R EPA IR S -S E R V IC E 

Gj c a n fe T r’RepoJT'TeryTceAM 
Makes Free in-thep estimates 
3523 West Ave., 344 9471 

S H EETR O C K 

Y h * * T r # n S n g ) T o p * lT T o o F w ith 
A c o u s tic a l C e ilin g M o n te rre y 
Texfone 73$ 1841 
________ ta p in g flo a tin g T e xto n e ond 
Acoustical- Reasonable. 534-o8o1 

T R E E S ER VIC E 

 f u r T T r T o u P Y n j r T r M 
Estimates 
JESSIE 
432-7758 or 
431-8874. tre e s uno tiara CT trim m ed ond cut down Free Est H I IIH 
Trees cut. sprayed honied awd*. 
Cal Delano, SII 7(24 
T U F T ) -------------------------- flT T O F T 
Cut Trim Haul 
DAVIS 731 14)3 FOLKS 6*6 889* trees (rim CT <i < u va p 
___*7* 692* 
____ f"7ee» trim m ed, Lopped r trn o .. stum p* H auling 22* 1232 oft 4 

T U T O R IN G 
A IN S T R U C T IO N S 

Tutor ch ire n ’TTeSmTheTp™?!! 
Spqniih. 333 7971 

T V R E P A IR S 
R E N T A L S 

— 
" r r r v T i M A r i s r m 
% 
Honest Lew Prices 934 o7Vt 

B I. N PLU U BW &. r e c e n t .Ti 
Y A R ° W O R K 

 estm ta te s "c V ^ 454-385*7**'*' go 'm m '^ c l o l . ■ . s e n i l e , lo t* 
66 V6 U Rfetfe A f i u M S F i r J^uTs*' h°U" " * ‘ '" * * ,nmme- 
Cep end a b it » a id m a n 
P lu w c 
Bed* Lig n i Haul, G eneiol lim n 

P L U M B IN G 

 a i l » L d )a ii,w g, J 6 H . » d a v r tow prices, 433-4316____________ r M utter Plum ber Repairs ond re m o d e lin g 
C a ll b ic h o rd , 
732 5414 or 433-4488 reVifenKTl 

Nenable bonded 12447*1 

MASTER PLUMBER WITH LOW tn i n 444k| 
OVER 
M EAD 
518 58 
H r ------------------ 
Licensed Bended 453-3423 

Plumbing Repair* Remodeling 
Add.hon* H eatunobic. fle e 5*1 
414-448* 
■ ■ ■ ■ ■ ■ ■ O T H O T O T O T H iff e o n s wee Vew r c ail ip i't'i* lo w e r v leaky fauceis, waler heaters, any I h f d W o rk . S p ra y ing, Tree 
- 
- 
M |b-574$ 

P ro fe ttio n a l y o rd w * r4 , fre e trim m ing , fe rtiliz in a , landscop- m g, flo w e r beds, s p ra y in g af varps, reasonable prices, 
54) 5434 
Trees, la w n s. Hedges, trim m e d 

G e n e ra l Contr ac tors, H e n ry 
R u n a n d G e o rg e F o le y 
S p e c ia liz in g in a ll ty p e s of c o n c re te a n d m e ta l w o rk 
D rivew ays, sidewalks, patios, s te ra p * ro o m s , c a r p o r ts , b u rg la rs window guards and c y c lo n e fe n c in g p lu s e th e r hom e im p ro v e m e n ts C o m ­ m e rcia l and residential F ree e s tim a te s . 
C a ll 
412 -o4 2* between tu rn ta m or 413 541) utter earn 

 new installation I Trimming, hauling 5)2 

F O U N D A T IO N S 

AA Foundation. House Leveling, 
F ou ndation R epair 
E xp e rie n ce and Reliable. 812-171$________ 
ACE CONSTRUCTION 
Honest hard w elkin* For a bet 
H I jgfc tg jt gs, 34f 239) n j 89J1 
All Foundation Repair 
A r* your deers dragging Wells clockin g / Call 514 4118 anytime 
Licensed and Hi sui od 
Foundation repairs Guaranteed work 
38 yrs experience Free 
Est JZJ VIM 

 type renoir 
Texas Plum bing Ca , Inc 418 A bioudnay Call unrtim e 834 *582 

P L O W IN G 
B U L L D O Z IN G 
E X C A V A T IN G 

( i ] ? t 6 nT V A 'v & T V 
T n r xn >* & 
AND TILLING CALL 924 2117 
•- oud t leaning ani" reui p bi wing) new JO equipment, any size lab. 

R E M O D E L IN G 

J A N IT O R IA L S E R V IC E 

C ontinental M aid A J a n ito ria l 
Service Homes offices, apts . 

L A N D S C A P IN G 

Clean lots. r n i m cut B M B f 

A Custom Rem odeling and 
D esigner Sere S A f CO 
824 7488 After 6. 824-87*4 

Individual .. th plenty elf reYer onces Ne tab tee b it or small 
A Nor 4 |y ^ 4 M 
^ 
. 

 is l l s te e # 
I * POI S3 AMO Maws 

SELL 

"Why leave your old un needed stuff under-cover? 
We can turn them into cash!" 

2 2 5 - 1 6 6 6 

o2885116 

882 H8TSR Y,m% sHes^nl 

T R A V E iT O W K 
T E X A S , I N C 

SAH AH TO H JO ’S LARGEST 

H A V E TRAILER DIALER 

* aver 1o6 (M n ie Stock 

AUTNOCIZH) SAUS FOC: 
HOLIDAY tAMBlEt, 
NOBLER, 
NOMAD, 
YYHTUK, 
ST Alt J AFT 
HOLIDAY, DIAMOND, JAMIOIEl 
MMI noms 

W O O IN 
M 
6 5 3 -6 7 1 1 
Acron Iran h w H M hmn'i 
♦ 'til Barit, Mon.-Ari. 
♦-A pm. Sat. 1-5 $uaffeys 

SACRIFICE 
DEALERS 
COST 

1976 Trovftl Qu«en 27 Ft, 

Luxu ry lin e M otor Homo. 

 te a r both, b u ilt-in 
TV, 

 b u ilt-in vacuum cleaner. 

Coll. 
817-773-3363 

AVION 
Trove! T rgllers-M afer H ornet 
TRAVELER'S WORLD 
333-6o61 
3617 ROOSEVELT 
C o m p a r t h o ll, F o rg o . 6 m o ., a lum inum tib e rg io ss 633-o736 
C o m o o r th o u fo r CWB p ic k u p 
313o <33-o366. 
_____________ _ 
CLOSE OUT SALE, 1976 
C A M P IN G T R A V E L T R A ILE R S 
K C. TR A ILE R S 
V3«6 up n o W EST 
AVE.’ 
733 3931 
73 Common C am per. Clean, ati e tiro s . Coll <94-683o. 
71 Dodge M a il van, I Ion, 118 engine, good condition, 
$373o 
336-8936. 
31ft. M obile Seoul tra v e l tro lle r. 
C o m p le te ly se lf-co n ta in e d 
A ir, c e n tr a l h e o t, e x c e lle n t throughout. 735-o886 
HA R P ER MOTOR CO 
C A M P E R LA N D 
SALES ond SERVICE lo r 
T E R R Y , T A U R U S , T W IL IG H T 
BUNGALOW T ravel T ro lle r* and 
STH Wheels 
74o1 S W. M ilita ry 934 3514 
H rt: M o n F rl 9-6, Sun, 1:1o-6 
H E IM E R C A M P ER SALES 
Son A ntonio'* E x c lu tiv e 
COACHM EN D E A LE R 934-8336 
T e n t T r a lle n T ra v e l T ro lle rs , 
T ru c k 
C o m p e rt M in i 
M o to r 
H om ot. STh wheel T ra ile r! 
3339 S.W. M ilita ry , W. pl Somerset 
Home I t C atam aran w ith tro lle r 
3193o I 63S-38S7 1-633-376o 
■73 In tre p id T ra v e l T ra ile r, tandem wheel. 1-796-4731. 
3o 

•73 IN T R E P ID 33 T T ro lle r 
H a rpe r M otor Co C om periond 
74o1 S W M illtory-9?4-SS14 
H rt. M o n -F fl 9-o, Sun. 1:3o-6 

* 
( A r p i c i r t 
! 
SACRIFICE 
DEALERS 
COST 

* 1976 Cobra, 29 Ft. Luxu ry ^ 
^ Line Motor Home, lear ★ 
* bath. Call 
* 

* 817-773-3363 * 

★ l h ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ J 

864 - WATI, 1O T B 

HOLIDAY MARINA 
Lake McOueoney. 313-337-6633 
Open E ve rydo v except M ondoy 
197$ IM P 33Shp In b o a rd -O u t boa rd, le s t th a n 13o h r t 3o ll. length. Boat, tra ile r, cover, *733o 
Call 696-1941 to r appl. 
3o' lu g e r Cabin C ru ise r, lib e ro last, in -boo rd, out board, like new w ith 17 hrs. *33oo. 334 8936. 
NEW IN VA D E R S BOATS 
I St!., 4Shp M e rcu ry, $3143 
16ft B a tt SOhp M e rcu ry, *3193 
HH. 83hp M e rcu ry. S38So 
UH Elite. 15hp PT Johnson, S435o 
IIH B o tt. 83hO M e rcu ry t4145 
S A S M A R IN E 
Hondo, Texas 426-333o 
8-6 W kdys, 8-3 Saturday 

>11 ■ M W Hi W HtStALE 

13x6o. 3 bedroom l*» baths, cen­ tra l heat and a ir, new carpeting, patio and owning, fenced lot. UT 
SA and 
USAA area. 
31o.ooo 
698-3o37.________________________ 
14x7o 3 bedroom. J bath, central h e a l, a ir , c a rp e te d . 
*7 ,9oo 
691-2o46. Financing available. 
14x71, I bedroom s, 7 baths As­ s u m e p a y m e n ts , lo w e q u ity . 
638-1783 ofter 4 p m. 

RO CK B O T T O M P R IC E S on in va d e rs and O eckB oats, John son and M e rc u ry *. S e rvice and s to ra g e a t th e L a k e . R A Y S 
M A R IN E , Canyon Lake, Hwy 2*71 near Startzvtile, 1-899-211o 
Sail Boot, 15ft T rim a ra n , W ith 
T ra ile r Alum . M ast. M ain Sail lib 
*33o 681-1181. 
Sailboats - Canoes, la rg e selection 
NEW Sailboat Shoo, A ustin 
6o4 H ighla nd M oll Blvd 434-7171 
S ailboat V e nture 17 w ith tra ile r ond e x trg t, 734-63o8 o fte r S. 
SPYOER 
Bass Boat D em onstrators 
New m otors, tra ile rs . S2295 
6618 Randolph B lvd . 634-o38o 
DISCOUNT BOAT SALES 

Texas W iM S itrp lu s 
B o a ts - m o to r s - tr a ile r * 
5o35 R o o s e v e lt 
OPEN IO lo 3pm 

★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ 
* CLEARANCE 5 
J 
SALE 
I 

* 1976 
MINI 
MOTOR * 
J HOMES, 
Going at J 
* Dealers Cost 
* 
* 
* 
J 817-773-3363 
J 

★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ 

L u x u ry M oto r Home, e xcellen t, 
74, Vagabond 24 ft self contained air, generator. sleeps 
8. 
1-772-3467 

W ight PoHer 14 ti Sail Boot- sleeps 
J in cabin. 4 sails, com plete rig ­ ging. cushions, lights, a ll equip and tra ile r SI IOO. 696-4823 

17 X6o', 3-bedrooms. C e ntral a ir, heat. Assume paym ents *127.7o 
691-143o 
14xoo, 3 bedrooms, 2 to il baths" 4 ton a ir cond., washer, d ry e r. 

812 - MOON HWW-SP8C8S 

A d u lt and F a m ily section , clu b house w ith sw im m ing pool. Paved s tre e ts , u n d frg ro u n d u tilitie s , la rg e lo ts, no p e ts, b e t! m om tomtd pork rn town, on S.E. MiM- tro v Dr .west of IH37, across from 
Brooks Field, Indian H ills M obile 
Home P ark. 333-oo3o.__________ 

ANTIQUES 

D O G S — 
P E T S 

-Thursday, M arch 3 , 1 9 7 7 
DCE) 

936 WGKATS-BIROS PET! 

914 ANTKHJES 

AN TIQ U E AU CTIO N 
Sunday. M a r. 6. 1:3o PM 
G a ry '* Antique A uction House 
Lockh art, Tx. - Call 398-37o1 

CANYON LAKE 
E x tr a la rg e m o b ile h o m e lo t. 
31*75. S75 do w n . o4 m o n th s a t 
321.83 APR o% 
Call A. Jones, 336-33o3. 

Antique Shipment 
J lf S T A R R IV E D 
FR OM EU RO PE 
4o-FT. VAN LO AD 

CHARLOTT’S 
AN TIQ U ES AN D CLOCKS 
3o17 AUSTIN HW Y., 433-6661 

I! FREE ll 
E v e ry o th e r m o n th fre e fo r I whole year B uckingham V illaae 
Mobile Home P ark *58-3811 

SWn S U fe * IN BO ER NE------- 
Short D rive N orth 
7 frie n d ly shop* in our orea 
, 
AN T I Q u i:' V io lin bV''" S *io fto o lo 
M a g g ln ile , m ade be tw e e n 158o and 1433. B o tt o ffe r . S e rio u s m a d re s only! 924-6936 

Adorable AKC Y o rkie Puootes 
534 1655 
A ffeclion-P rotection . 
Blood 
Hound-German Shepherd hybrid cross pups. 12 w k*. 1-731-2679 
-------------• a «t £ T X f <J h a ti s •------------- 
TOP quality ____________ 698 27o8 
*A k C A T H A N S * 
Pups • Stud Serv • 344-738o OH. 4 
■a k £ a f g h a n s * 

FOR FAST 
RESULTS .. 
Place Your 
Pet Ad Today! 
CeR 

M Ib s M o o r e 
225 -1666 

LOT FOR 35 MH. S4o MO 
LOU-NOR M obile Home P ark 
2413 C astroville Rd *33-2o64 

BESS' A N TIQ U E S 
MSO Old Seguin Rd., 661-3382 
BU Y-SE U L A Pl* RA ISE 

MARCH Soecial. Lot rent 
>» PRICE til 1971 
PLA C ID M obile P o rk, 63o-oo22 

Best Prices Paid fo r Antiques 
P H IL W ILLB O R N 
TOWN A CO UNTRY AN TIQ U E S 
826-2749 36o9 B roadw ay 733-2414 

866 - SPORTING GOODS 

N Fram e S and W 45 ACP double 
Pelion. Sole or Trade 494-1381. 
HUNTING I FISHING 

37 a cre s h u n tin g c o u n try . *345 down paym ent, *84.97 per mo Big deer, tu rk e y , Javeltna. On fence line of large ranch. Financed by owner 734-9363 

M O B IL E HOM E R E N T . 1ooo S. 
I G ever* 
*35 mo 
Near bus and shopping. 
N E . S h ady A c re s T r a ile r Pk 
I fenced, store room , trees, S37.3o. 
Neor W indsor Pk. M oll. 826-8766. 
OAK HOLLOW NW, Isl. mo free 
343. up Pool N ear UT SA. Hosp! tots. *99-oo92, 49o-859o.__________ 

Chippendale Chairs rabo Antiques, 3934 Austin H i 

9o1 BUSINESS EQUIPMENT 

FIS H IN G , ra n ch ta n ks, M edin a 
C ountry. Bass. C a ttish, C rappie and Perch. SIO cloy. 333-6933 

Lu xu ry M otor Homes Rent 
Poles 656 7661, 656-7119 
Low 

76 LA S A LLE T. T ra ile r 
H a rpe r M otor Co C om periond 
26o1 S.W. M ilita ry 924-5514 
Late model tra ve l tra ile r, 28 . tut 
IV self contained, glass patio door. m any extras. See at IOU G em bier 
Rd. T ra ile r P ork._______________ 
73 LH' Hebo 22' T T rader 
H a rpe r M otor Co C om periond 
24o1 S.W. M ilita ry 924-5514___ 
L ow p ro file I * ' S la rc ro ft tro v e l 
Ira tlc r, excellent. 135 Dawnvtew 
22 M O B ILE SCOUT. 1976 
R a lly m aster, fu lly self contained. like new. 
*365o 
Trade-Term s 
55636 
L E M E IL L E U R 
M O B ILE HOME SALES 
K E R R V IL L E ,TX 
(1)237 4366 

PICKUP 
COVERS 
7171 Austin Hwy 

MOTOR H O M * LEASE CLUB 
L im ite d M e m b e rs h ip , up lo 3 w eeks use p er y e o r 
5125 p e r week 
17' L u xu ry M otor Home. 
822 o859 

HILL COUNTRY 
DEER HUNTING 
3275 PER BUCK 
TBT RANCH 
(312)367-5o69, 6-8PM 
197o International P ickup. * wheel 
| drive 373o 1-7oo-269o oft 6_______ 
73 JE E P W aaoneer Sportsm ans ca r. a u a d ro ira c , low ra nge, go anyw here in com fo rt, o ir. pow er, cruise, loaded. 822-9614 
M otorhom e Rental: Sleeps 4 SHO week 4- loc m ile. 655-2232 

653 o885 
Pop Up C am per, sleeps 6. good condition. S9oo 342-3438_________ 
RA H M B E R G RV C E N TE R 
E x c lu tiv e dealer tor 
V E N TU R E Tent Comper bv S ta rcra ff 
L ittle Castle On W heels" 
2371 AU STIN HWY 
653-o231 
25 Red Dole tra v e l tra ile r, w ith 
1968 C a p ric e m o d e l 427 h itc h equ ipm ent to r tow ing. E x ce lle n t 

 condition. 54.o56 o27-9679. T E X T ­ 
U A L CLERK 
E ld e rly , re tire d , sobe r p e rso n 
.need apply 
6343 
H ighw ay 
9o 
West. 
* 69 S H A S TA 17 fu lly s e ll con lamed, a ir *22oo 344-6o31________ 

S H A S T A e P R O W L E R 
We Toke Trade-ins 
I 
Complete Service Dept 
STAHM AN N T R A IL E R SALES 
IH IO J M i N orth of Boerne 
I RT I BOX 127 S A Phone 234-24X 
O PEN SUNDAY 13-3 P M. 
•73 Scamper Pop u p tra ile r 
H a rpe r M otor Co Com periond 
24o1 S W M ilita ry 924 5514 
H rs M o n -F ri.9 :# : Sun: 1:3o-4 

MOTOR HOME R E N TA LS : F ully self contained. Rates bv day or week-653-61o8 
1977 22' M otor Home. sleeps 3. *22. day 12 m i Special consideration given to ce rta in circu m sta n ce s 
Rosery reg 655 o696___________ 
M ust sell, ‘73 m otor home, leaded. low mi. sleep* o 333-1773 
____ 
RA HM BE R G RV C E N TE R 
E xclusive D ealer fo r: Champion. 
T ita n , L ife tim e M o to r H o m e s, 
M ini M otor Homes 
2271 AUSTIN HWY 
655-o251 
Rent our fa m ily 73' Apollo, super clean, all extras, sleeps 4. *35-dav 
♦ loc m ile. 653-o454. 
________ 

RV SERVICE 
MISSION T R A V E L C E N TE R 
13o4 Austin H w y. 824-324o 
'76 Tioga ll, M ini, a ir, sleeps 3, 
8,ooo m r excellent condition. 581oo 
674-7133 
_____ 

M o rtln 3o-3o le v e r a c tio n w ith 
Ntkko scope, excellent cond $13o. 
For mtor coll 349-4644.__________ 
Special b u ilt dune b u g g y, S<95 
226-8231, 826-5913._______________ 
W on! lo Lease Land W ith Slocked 
Fishing Tanks. P re fe r N ortheast 
Bexar Cly 653 2o67 
81o MOBILE HOMES SALE 

2o' T ita n M o to rh o m e by C h am ­ pion, A ll steel Cage construction. 
Fully contained, has everything . 6 m o* old. Cost over S14.ooo sell lo r 
*13.5oo M ileage 37o9 S elling on account of spinol a rth ritis 
496-oo75. 

STARCRAFT 
M YER S T R A IL E R SALES 
IU K ingsbury 
SEGUIN, TX 
[ 17' S tg rc rg tt. Super C lean. AC . 
I C lee G a t R e t S e m i S e ll-C o n la m e d 
E x tr a s . *2ooo F ir m 
342 176o , 342 o258. 
S lo rc rg lt Swinger * tent cam per tra ile r, excellent condition, 
492 12o7 
I 
74 STARC RAFT 75 T T ra ile r 
H arper M otor Ce C om periond 
74o1 S W M ilita ry 924 *514 
IO S T A R C R A F T T r o lle r , s e lf contained a ir. t i OLDS Tow co r, w ill separate 684 o877 
Style C roft cam per, insulated ond p an eled w ith fu ll le n g th d ou ble doors, *4*o 659 1 o43 
TE N T T R A IL E R 
NEW T IR E S 
5395 C A LL *35-3361 
I * TE R R Y 2 o T T T railer 
H a rpe r M otor Co C om periond 
74o1 S W M ilita ry 974 5> 14 
Hrs Mon F ri 9-4 Sun 
I JO-6 t i TE RR Y 3*' T T ra ile r 
H arper M eter Ce C om periond 
24o1 S W M ilita ry 924 5514 
H rs. Mon F ri 9 4. Sun I 1o 4 
74 Travel T ra ile r. 24ft W idew erld bv H o llid a y, Self contained. A ir, 
Reese H itc h . E x tra s . I a w n e r e x c e lle n t cond. S e t at S panish 
Oohs P ark. 8333 F re d e ric k s b u rg 
Rd ne.8 696-1333 
’69 T ravel T ra ile r 17 AIR 
H arper M otor Co C om periond 
HO! S W Militprv-436-5314 

•71 T ravel T ra ile r. 22', dwol axle 
F u lly te ll cetam ed C a rp e l, a ir, h itc h in c lu d e d SISO*. 144 I I H atter * p m 
‘ 74 T ra v e l T ro lle r 14’ . M o to rcv cu tis. B icyclists m ust ta a l *315o 
138 3874 

W ont To Buv M oto r Home Any 
Make 
Any 
M odel 
*58-7*61. 
656-7119 

864 BOATS, MOTORS 

HEI?: AMOVED! 

41 MOKE 
BOATS: 
MORINI marine- tempered, 
MON-glory aluminum IO' lo ISR. 
See popular, deep. soft-rtff* V- 
•OW 14ft nee CAJnOPFB. (mut­ ed MEO e Titevesl. throw cushion, line, 17ft Y $27o, 15 Aet high erode im . 14 $19o, 1oft SIH. 
So why gamble w fly by night rnferv ' 
Our 
18th. year rn/ 
RIOU (Mi. mdudnte (REOVIN ronoes IS 17ft 
4 SF AO making JI deals. I i 
STEALS: COMA. GUSSMASTfK. 
Rf GATT A. Compar* OOI uttro tutu nous mast complot* rn history SI­ 
RO ARD et out Our plush or plain 
SHU IQoS HANDUYUP fibetakm 
(NOT enc tune* chopped gloss) hut the competition says net ovedeMt now Let s toke him to neatest (actory, we ll win that hot 
SS 
H you coa t afford quality glass, buy aluminum 
‘ ' 1 7 Ie 21ft n 
4 See r to z ip teoee; 
74(1 COMA tor Burh 72nd doh racy et LAYAWAY gets winter SS 
4 Used $$95 SS9oo BANI rotes. 

BARBERA SPORTS 
323 Roadway et 4th FARK W E 
SO manna years rn SA 777-2117 
9-4 p m Than Mete 9 pm. 
L 
Closed Sat 

S U P E R 

{ • D E A L S ! ! 

KERO: 
17 >4o', 2 bedrooms, SMS equity, assume payments $1 l l month 

KERO: 
17 *4o, 3 bedrooms, front kit- chon USO equity, assume pay aunts SI3o month 

BERO: 
14x64', 3 bedrooms. 7 baths 
S49S equity, assume payments 
$14o month 

KERO: 
14*7o', 3 bedrooms, 7 baths 
SMS equity, assume payments 
SITS month 
AMERICAN 
: 
MOBILE 
& MODULAR I 

3oo4 S. W. 
MILITARY DR. 
J 
S A N A N T O N I O 
,5 
9 2 2 -18 o o 
[J 

★ RIGHT A C R O S S .; 
FR O M C H U R C H Y 
; 

FRIED CHICKEN! * J 

WITTIG’S 
W A R E H O U S E S A LE 

New Doth from 
$99 
Now (Be* frag*............... $56 
Mew etene chairs (rara— $34 
New Exec. choirs from $69.5o 
Ake Used Furniture 
1th lea Aaa Street or 
IM IO e l Celebre, 716-559o 
All 

O ro bo Antiques, 2914 Austin Hw y c t s w s r H ■ l r s w r n u t-- ?. 
D IJ O N P L A Z A , 77o1 B R O A D 
W AY, 824-1991. New Shipm ent of 
Am. C ountry F u rn itu re . B lanket 
Chest, S h aker Ite m s, T o le w a re , 
A ro w b a c k B e n c h , B ra s s o n d 
Pew ter, Candle Stands, Rockers, 
Clocks 

ESTATE SMI 
ISIS Elton 
C atalos*, c ry s ta l, china. French 
H a vila n d d in n e r se rv ic e to r l l . 
Lin e n s, a p p lia n ce s, som e tu rn ! lu re , etc. S tarts Saturday, M a r 5. 
9$. 
________________ 
French A rm o ire 
Corset back W alnut R ocker 
AN TIQ U E CO TTAGE, 3o8 Dallas 

 j Pups * Stud Serv. * 344-728o oft 6 
A k e AFG H AN S , itio m p Lines j. - 
. 
* 53 
_______ B e a u tifu l, lo va b le 7 w k old o u r 
AKC B utt 
Cocker Spaniel Puppies ebred D o b e rm a n P uppies O nly 
Ch Bloodline *123. 658-68oo o tte r s good homes need apply. 822-7*91; 
P m 
824-7396, 82* 6781 att 6. 

TO R U C I YOUK AD CAU Ms. MOOKE 2 2 5 -1 6 6 6 

Continent ai Shown, 114 

A N 
T I Q 
U 
E 

S H 
O 
W 
A S A L E 

SAN ANTONIO 

Contention Center 
$. Alamo A Market 
MARCH 4-5-6 h i, Sat. 1-9 PJB. 
Sun. 1-6 PM. 
I Raid Admission 
Good For All 3 Days. 
NATION’S TOR 
DEALERS 

AKC C h a m p io n S ire d W e im a r- B l i c k AN D t A n AKC G erm an 

M y W 
B T K I W t m 
D S 
MO UVK18« f » $ M S 

 oner Puppies 3*8. *51-74o9. 
A k d c o l l ie s '. HOO 
_________ 661 3 8 o 7 ________ 
A K d C A LLIE S , fch Sired 
623-4311 
“ A k t t> A L M A T l6 k P O K IE S 
653-1493 349 5813 

Shepherd Puppies. 428 13o2. 
Bg a o fc ' t n r o L L ie s Ru b* & a t . 
R ig . Sloe 649 1224 
__________ 
C h a m p io n S ire d W e im a ra n e r 
Puppies. E lm e ndorf 1-393-6734. 
Ch Ared Tiny UKC Tov Fox t a r s rlers. Fax T e rrie rs . 661-38o7. 
AKC E n g lis h S p rin g e r S p anie l d H O IC E A ke P e k in g e s e pup s, pups, cham pion sired, shots, ex- 7wks *85, 684-8178 eel. q u a lity 8 w k * old. show, pet, |* hunt, reasonable 
73S-1618 

 fle a r the C orner Antiques 
Depression glass and F u rn itre 
3313 FM 78, *61-3834 

Chairs. Tables, ice m ake rs 
R etrig.. Ovens, M ixers. Etc 
USED ANO NEW . 733 1192 
C L O S E D 
B E A U T Y 
S H O P : 
O r v e rs . 
C o m p le te 
S ta tio n s , 
Shampoo Bowls, Shampoo C hair. 
Other Misc. 696-8973. 
CLOSED DOWN 2 CAFE S 
Scotsman Ice M aker, 3V Stainless reach-in b o x; H obart m eat slice r; 
R e frig e ra te d soda or beer box; cash re g is te rs ; ta b le s , c h a irs , pots, pans, dishes, fla tw a re , floor model gas fry e rs , grille s. 3 com ­ p a rtm e n t s in k w ith d is p o s a l. 
M any other items. 
HOO S PRESA 
534 5826 
Coke M a c h in e *8o8 T o m s M a ­ c h in e *45o C ig a re tte M a c h in e 
*1oo 
Call 696-4737 o tte r * pm weekdays 
SO 
C o lu m n 
K e y p u n c h , r e ­ produces, in terprets, and verifies, brand new, SS5oo 696-47*1. 
Complete groups of o ffice fu rn i­ ture. Colt 8-4, 23*-3744__________ 
D is p la y C a b in e t, g lo ss ton. l l ' long, l l draw e rs *1oo 73#/5)7 

G ASLIG H T A N TIQ U E S 
1523 MC 
C U LLO U G H 
227 48o3 

PRICES R E D U C E D ON LA RG E 
STOCK OF A N TIQ U ES 
Fine A rt, K e pairs-A ppralsals For 
Both Insurance and Estate 
371* M C C U LLO U G H 
734 379* have A n tiq! you hove A n tiq u e s , J e w e lry , 
D ia m o n d s , S te r lin g , G o ld o r 
O riental Rugs to sell, you ll get the 
B est P ric e fro m San A n to n io 's 
Finest Shop: 
Regency Antiques 
M rs. M a n n e r 822-344o7 342-5o7o 
MAKE p l a n s 
A N T IQ U E 
SH OW 
S P E C ­ 
TA C U LA R , Son A n lanio C onven­ tion Center, M A R . 4-5-6. F or space or in fo: A m e ric a 's L argest. F in ­ e s t A n tiq u e S h ow P ro m o tio n 
C o m p a n y , C o n tin e n ta l S h ow s, 
LT D 8o6-3J3-7752 

2 O IH Dealers 
2o CASES OF 
AN TIQ U E JE W E L R Y 
PO CKET W ATCHES 
AN TIQ U E DOLLS 
C O LLE C T A B LE TINS 
C H IN A 
S A .Convention Center 
MARCH 4 5-6 
Continental Shows LTD 

O PA’S A N TIQ U E S 
22o3 S H a ckb e rry 
P H IL m D r AN, 734 5648 

924 8146_________________________ 
AKC G erm an Shorfnon en Pointer 
Puppies 8 w k* shots, worm ed 
674-69o3._______ _ 
A k t G erm an ib epK e rd Puppies, 

Dachshund Guppies 8 wks 
684 3o59 
_______ 2_________ left 
For Sole G erm an Shepherd Pup- ples and M ixed T e rrie r Puppies 
512-7916 rw w r 

In tern ! Ch Bloodline. 653 2751 
AKC G ra a l D one d u d s. F a w n s I le L 'iie * 
515o Term s 923 *496 
DOG * J3- ,5T7 

I y r old m ole col I m ixed breed dog 8o19 Q uirt 
F R E E SM A i r B T A EK M A T E 

AKC G rea t Dane, Black fem ale, 
13 m o t. *1o8. B lack and tan tov 
Poodle, *25. 6*3 5251 

 a "k c h a TTl e q u i n g a E a t 
DANE PU PP IES . 648 1263. 

* u ll blooded G erm an Shepherds for tale, 734-3172 
G E R M A N S H E P H E R D P u p s . I 
Goad 
Bloodlines , 

2nd A n n u al P e rfo rm a n c e 
Horse Show A Auction Sole 
Saturday • M arch 12 • S al* Tient 2 RM te be held k* (be Haye* Ce. Clv4« Ce n ter . See Mercee 

FEATURtNG- consigned horses which atli perfoim prior to afternoon j (calf steer). Western Measure, Borrel, Foies ond Bolter. 
Several hones nave been lop contenders in Texas State lone! Racing sale roping 

 and Role lending ond others or* already proven winners. Con­ signments will tw accepted up to Hie sole date Far more details coll 
512—3 9 7 4 o 4 or S12-22A-98S4 after 5 RJI. ipew red by Ike fem Marc es Riding Club 
BRUCE W ELB O R N 
T io c - r r - o z o * 
“Take the drawee out el your baying awd cetera ta 
•Ms unique Harte Straw atta Sede" 

AKC 
Reg r n 526o_______ 
_________ 
G e rm a n S h e p h e rd P u p p ie s 2 
AK C IR IS H S e tte rs C h a m p io n 
J *•"> »or sale *74 35o* off 
Bloodlines. 491-1132. 
AKC Irish Salter P uds 
655 9192 r n ; 
A K C 
Ir is h s e tte r p u p p ie s , w orm ed, shots, 638-8448 
A K g iris h S e if y r > ( , Pp,es ¥ 
Sale 55o Call a fte r 5 331-1418. a k c T a b b Ad D r P ud * 

2:3o p.m. 
G e rm a n S h o rth o ire d P o in te rs . 
Ch. Sired E lm e ndorf 1-393 6754 
G reat Danes Rep Lowest prices in town, 922-2o86, a ff 12 noon. 

Ch. lines US. 826-3193 
"A k e L h a s 6 A h s 6 PUPS 
Also STUD SERVIC E 144 8oo8 
A K t N orw egian Elkhound P uds, v e r y re a s o n a b le , m a le s a n d fem ales 684-2272 

G R E A T DANES 
Champion sired 1-733 4696 
Loveable p a rf Shepherd and p arf 
Collie. 
2'J y r*. 
656-4144 
5 3opm 

A-HALE T R A IL E R S 
Horse Stock and Gooseneck 
New ond Used; tar Sole or Rent 
Also feed B a rre ls w ith Lids 
S LIM P O IL CO Off IH 17 
533-3131 
684 
C a rolina nltes 
344 7213____________ 
A L I 
4 horses plus J horse tro lle r 696-4866 
A M E R I N t a fig I R s S c rr f y 
OPEN MORSE SHOW 
M arch 18. 19 and 2oth M arch 18 startin g 7 p.m. al! aping events 

AP PR AIS E B U Y SELL 
LIC E N S E D ESTATE 
L IQ U ID A T O R S E F E R E NC E S 

NORWEGIAN ELKHOUNDS 

AKC B r 

, 
___ 
— JR® 
Offer 
Judging events sta rtin g 8 a rn. on 
; Sat M ar 19th Judges 
M r. M ik e ! 
------ 
Hughes of Dallas. Tx and M r C ill r,-o o rc'L««o 
1 S w itz e r o f G u ff P a r!, M is s . 2 
’ re p 

Q U E E N ’S A N TIQ U E S 
28o9 F re d e ricksb u rg 
H ours: 9-5 
TaTTend ANf.buti 

T h T 

Squore C tow fcet Table 
H A T T IE S ATTIC in Colonies N orth M all 

 g. B ritta n y S paniel Pup 
Sale 732-49o*. 

Trophy Saddles to high point win ner in each age group. High Point 
W inner of Show a 2 horse tro lle r courtesy of Slim p Oil Co and Hole watch dog Stud service. 655-2445 
T ra ile r Co A ll proceed* going to the A m e ric a n C a n c e r S o cie ty 

LE IS U R E STA B LE S U n der new m a n a g e m e n t H o rse s b o a rd e d , 
J gentled and tra in e d <94-8917 
I Leopardi Appaloosa Stuff S ervice 

Macdona Auction Sale 
E ve ry Sot 12 Noon, Caffle, sheep, goats, horses 
12 m l. S.W 
S A 
F orm Rd. 2173, M acdona, Tx 
------------ MAfeCH s m 
'TTL------------- t i 'i « o 
2 ot im p o rt b o rh 
$13 9$ 
4tt Steel 
Tee Post .................. $147 
PVC Pipe m n 
.. 
58.3o 
68 ANO UP ond 
G oat 
Mesh 
31o' ............................................ $29.93 

 sql* 73? <9° * 
------------- 
W orwegian- S lkhound P uds AKC 
AKC Reg. N orw egian Elkhound 3 p e v , c h B loodline. E xc. w atch mos, housetrained 33o 69o4197 
AKC Shelf!* Puppies *85 $135 
733-128! 
Sk T 'SKtH f IO frU fifrv -------- 
32oo 
496-7698 
A k t t in y fay Poodles--------- 

 dogs, *13o 344 171o. 
— 
G tJ E b iE k e r c n r g rg — i F o r G e rm a n S h epherds R egis tra tlo n M arch 2 ond 9. 826-312o or 
688 3539. 
' p A f t f t f l t b S l V e llo w b e a d w iTTi cage ond stand *258 c a t. 433-7982. 

B exar Co Sheriffs M ounted Posse 
Areno ISI S at Foster Road For 
Info 337 3736_____________ 
A p p a lo o sa G e ld in g B eg 

Different Brummer 
Antiques Aecessories-CoMectobies 
1o28 TO W NSEND. 826 1764 
ALAM O HE IG H TS 

____________ 637-8383 
»**— 
AKC Tov Poodle puppies, iltv e r 
P a r r o t D o u b le Y e llo w H e a d 

 your Antiques 
ONE AND A LL 
H ere's the num ber to r you to coll: 
633-2*oo. 633-o34o (cash paid) 
JIM LISTE R 
W i r t * TH IS S P A lfe F o rt E i- 
T A T E 
S A L E 
MARCH 5. 
B E G IN N IN G 

^22 • MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS 
922 MUSICAL K5TKUBEMTS 

 beige m ole of stud 633 o322 
A k t W hite fe m a le G erm an $We- pherd < yrs 533 83o7____________ 
Ake Y o rkie Pups, Stud ie rv ic e 
_______ 733 6851, 734-2738 
ALASK AN M alam ute m ale I wfi's 
52oo 344-5356 

E x lre m ly B eautiful 696 43o6 
Reg. D oberm an Pinscher pups, J females left Coli o ffe r 6 ond wee kends, 1-/42 8o11 
$ t U !< A o t# fti. A K t M IN 

BARKER SUPPLY 
3143 S E M ilitary D r. 
333-6o41 
TT) 
I 
M o n th 
R e g 
B ro n g u 's 
H telcrs A tte r 7, 1-779-3431 
____ NO I k e rfiiiie c t Coastal B e rm uda 
$ v r 
Hay S utherland S pring $1.75 p er 
W hite w ith B la ck spots. G e n tle , bale in barn, m in im u m 2* bales 
$4oo. T r o lle r 2 w h e e l c u s to m ( 224 o141 
? ulc!i|,SS!S.S?^--lZy'12jL3. . - - 
WuKaiT ond" A lpine M ill Aaofs M r 
Appoloosa m are , due to (oat In ta ie $34.7448 
M$r » 5 ,m o 
ooo ,s Mo ,o 445 
I 
^ o " d ~ H V r ,J o r d COW b re d 
................ 
S im m e n ta l w ith h a lt S im m e n ta l 
,B a b y C a lv e s 33o-$5o 
G r a t s , polled heife r co lt at side and I - 
Calves *68-$HO. 922-8449._________ O pen h o lt S im m e n ta l P o lle d 
Blankenship B rahm an A on cfi heife r t i mos. A ll *63o. t -379-2396 

A m e ric a n P it B u d P u p p ie s (or those who dem and the finest Bath tir e and dam UKC P 
R. B red. 
Reg dogs, in te llig e n t, lo ya l and pound for pound unbeatable Once you ow n a P it y o u ’ll n e v e r be haopy w ith lets 144-1779. 
S n V L l d N tU h M r sale------ 

Reg B rahm an Bulls, v e ry gentle 
$12 816-9773; 627 2281 __________ 
B r ig h t Jo h n so n G ra s * H a y In 
B o rn . $45 a Ton. Jack M in n e y , 
H ealthy ond B eautiful 627 2748 
. 11 
1 -I, - j-— I 
I 'i---------- 
: OU* ti. »4» u 1 un. j 
S H E L T IE P U P S , ( m in la lu r e 
Quemado 1-7*7-1377 

17S' Uo' J C or t i h e "d B e ef M a s i * r"7iTlTs 
456-7595 Or *53-4*39. 
| l u u n , m w n . « t . ,n 
G lB fe b lA N H'O iK lf e t . 12 wT T m re g , fe m a le 
$13o 681-3872 
U K C R eg 

P a re n ts p o in te d 

F or A L L NEW and USED Kitchen 
Equipm ent and Supplies See 
Levinson R estaurant Supply Co. 
19oo San Pedro 
733-o9J1 
FO R S A LE 
In d u s tria l G ra d e 
M etal Shelving. V a rious Length ond W idths. Call 22* 4141 ext. 41 
Between I JOO rn ond 4 :1oem . 
FOR SALE 48 x 96" Boat Shaped 
Conference Table 828-9o41_______ 
IO It F a b te x m o b ile p la tfo r m . 
713-9137, 8 .38 till *:3o________ 
I- IB M E le c tric T y p e w r ite rs . 
Model D. *33fr*42S 221 164$ 

• LEASING# 
Specializing in Business and Professional E quipm ent 
Save Tox-Conserve C apital 
GLENN FOSTER, INC 
2*o3 Broadw ay 
227 9 3 ft 

Before You Buy... 
VISIT DACBERT’S 

S C O U N T W IE K - PRICES SLASHED 

o*1 M o n o * - O r g a n * 

AH Knobs P ia n o s............................ 

Now Kim ball W h itnoy Pkm o, Roo. 

Kim ball m odel 3oo Oraan, Sea 3 

K im ball Grand Piano, Reg. $ jp 4 / 

D A C B E R T ’ S 
SHOP o u r M a w N o r f ft s id e S to r e a n d S a v e 
5 2 3 5 W A L L E M RD. - 6 5 4 - 6 6 6 1 
O M Souths Id a B a rg a in S to ra 
1 4 o o N ogoM tos - 2 2 3 - 6 1 5 1 

Q u ito r* • D rum s 

................................... 2 o % O ff 

S I X 5! . — J !e d u c e d to I S M 

 l i f f . . . R e d u c e d to $ 1 1 9 5 

. R e d u c e d t o $ 2 1 9 8 

Ask Abaue our teae-ea-Own Wan 

A m e ric a n E s k im o 
Puppies, P ure W hite St OO 142-o457 
W a n t a h A x e dog- --------- 
_________— 
— - — 
-________, S A Dog B reeders R e fe rra l S e r-. 
. . . 
, 
,, 
. . 
. 
Bassett Puppies T ri d o lo r. Shots vice w ill put you In touch w ith al ond worm ed. 
SSO and 
575 n e o rb y r e p u ta b le b r e e d e r. 1-947 337o, 1-947-337V._________ 
*81-3863. 
496-7787, *73-4*o3 

732-9432; 7111912 

•Coastal Bermudas 
S prigging and custom w ork, also chisel plo w in g and hay b o ilin g 
1-742-8415. Schum acher Bras c o A S T A T ’ s p r T g w o l ~ bU 

Aonles'T W e ls h f ill y i t i ' ] M ar gen Pop Stud *123 I Saddle w itty 
Pod *3o I b rid le s *13 681o531 
P re tty , soun d IO y r o ld m a re . 
Shown E n g lish o ve r fences, a n # on the Hat. Con go W estern. Needs rid e r w ith some experience *73o I 
426-8721 aft 
4p.m. 
342-S1U anytim e 

922 MUSICAL tNSTRHMEMTS 

A lto s a x o p h o n e , *115 
G ib s o n 
OS 135 best offer 43616o3________ lo w re y brotan, b e n ie mod«*i Au- to rh y th m , J k e y b o a rd , m o n y 
Other featu res *73o 633 1739 
6 rG A N . H am m ond. Mode) 

932 AUCTIQM SAU 

COOL iiu r d v S tructures, 15 deg c o o le r K a is e r A lu m , to s t con structio n 494-1)18 

■jTTT 

9o3 «HLBiKIUTl*UlS 

TR AVE L TR A ILE R CEN TE R 
Deafer tar KO U N TR Y AIRE ond 
N U -W A. S outhw est la rg e s t STh 
'A hp ai Oaalcr 
Several hue trade-ins s till in stack' 
4299 Reese vet! at Stinson Field 
68 T T roller 22 patio deer ” 
H arper M otor Ce C em aertand 
2481 s w M ilita ry 914 3314 
74 U 'e sti cam per, salt-contained. m ust see to a p p re cia te i i IM ar nest offer one r $■ 6*3-33*7 
USED Vth Wheal T T ra ile rs 
H arper M oior Co C om periond 
74o1 S A M ilita ry 92* $314 
U tility Box and Headache Rack 
*1 *8 
W ilt C o n s id e r tra d e to r 
Smalt Track Comper to F it T o y * ie 
Long 
Bed 
F U 
CAH 
BiH 
<32 2897_________________________ 
We BU V A L L Types of T ra v e l 
Traders CdW M E L 934 3*14 
8x3* Spartan tra v e l tra ile r clean, geed shape, *33*8 $74 N. W w , 
White Rd P e a rt, ' • i, 
■ i'm . 

• fftif Bapt frailer a (VK Aetat sanes 
• RHI letnete Central* ffu* *o*r n_a*Kj* o* Cf e’ 
■ A KOO I M AI IMI 
'76 MeUet Cle*—<Hif 
>eet~ Ala Sal. 
XA KISCH MAtdM 
-IU 
I wXaead* e — e"»e**. n Hw V .' An*omo era 
4 * NOCH MAerMI 1* * . an, au*boo,d D—e*.’ Awl n 
AAA 
- a 3IA U * Hp 
Si-Wlfc** 
AAA Si* VKI and 
P l in Sale* 
Vee Can't Peer the Sett* 
Sc e-t **. br-’ row - o. A— 
. SAMBOL MAB 1641 mf taw 

We Buy end tee 

 ie. ben t Ga—kl* 
SKOP 6ANDO* 
Vee'vs fr*ed th* i« *t 
N e * fry die SMTIH 

Sate. A Se.. *>• 
I 2o7 W. Hildebrand 
7 3 2 - 1 2 3 3 

MOBILE HOME 
SERVICE 

♦ TU DOWNS 
A tf-U F V K U M O 
A B O O E C O A T IN G 
A M S U R A M C f 
SOUTHPORT 

M O U L E H O M E S 

A O D A R O O M , c u s to m B u ilt, 
Size. D elivery- Term s, *73-434* 

I M Copy m ite. perfect condition. 
Small am ount af supplies. *99 5o 
1131 B aste Rd , 733-7347 736-38*1 
O pen T op O itp la y C a u n te r* 
IO "x48 ". Id e a l fo r a n y typ e of 
B usiness, F le a M a rk e ts o r Ga rage Sales. See a l 22o3 So. H a ck­ b e rry No. I*, or Call 334 8*93 Mon 
Sot. Neon hi 7 p.m. 
REACH IN COOLER, $8oo Coke m achine. *2*o. Cam A ir H ockey table s95 C om m ercial d ry e r, SOS 
CaH 224-66*1 ar come by 294 2 E. 
Houston 
SS,OOO R E W A R D to r r e tu rn et 
T yp e S e ttin g , P r in tin g E q u ip ­ m e n t, IB M C o m p o se rs, F o n ts . 
Etc. *1,8oo tor in fo rm a tio n leading to ate a rre s t and conviction G ulf 
Coast Negative Service. Houston. 
713-328-1731_____________________ 
Reznor W arehouse H e ate r, R e t ner 138,o8o BTU output. HS volts, w ith th e rm o s ta t. 5199.5o 
I I J I 
BOSS* Rd ■ 733 /3*7, 73* 3o81 

1 9 /j A lam o 14x7$. J b ed roo m , I bath 333 *924 o tte r 6 p m 

T aylor Tw in ice cream m achine pinball m achine, pool table some c o m m e rc ia l kitch e n e q u ip m e n t 
249-816* days, 269-2o7o evenings. 
Boerne, Texas,___________ _ 

A il NEW G uerdon Hom es have w o o d b u rn m e fire p la c e * ! I Save 
85% en your tuel heating bill. All sizes 
B U C K IN G H A M 
H em et 
*54 2411_______ _________________ 

T y p e w r ite r, SOM o ffic e ty p e mode) 4oo ll2 4 5o t i l t Baste Rd 
733-73*7, 734-3o*1________________ 

ALMOST AN ACRE 
H ill Country M obile Home site t* m in N o rth on San P e d ro O nly 
$21o8, *18o d o w n . *3 1.64 p e r m onth., at 8 S to r 144 m onths. 
T h is one w o n t la s t ig n g 
C o il to d a y i 4*4-3419, J42 1*o8 • LA 
KECRQFT R E A L ESTATE 
A m erican M obile A M odular 
HOMES IN SAN ANTO NIO. Inc 
922 7191 
912-o441 
74 B a rrin g to n 14 b v * * ' u n fu r mshed 3 bedroom I bath 6*7 1695 

 l l ' A lum inum I 
Good shape 
111 953) 

 it 4* 1 hp n sloe 
I i i m otor 
24V 5; 

2 BEDROOM U nfurnished. *499* 
RE D R IV E R M obile Homes 
653 97*1__________ 
B eryl s M obile Home Center 
NEW ond USED 651 4941 
1431) IH 15 NORTH (Selm a E x it) 
1971 B r ie rw o o d 12x48 
2 be d re a m t, r b a th 
R e fr ig e ra to r , stove, washer, d ry e r C arpeted. central heat, a ir 694-13*9 

71 ARROW GLASS l l ft . deep V. tw in eO h p M ere , tandem DiUev tra ile r $3,3»5 654 746o 

IO? WTM Urn sum run 

SACRIFICE 
DEALERS 
COST 

18/7 In 
Un# Mi 
IO ft Unary 
Ak the awat 

 mrtudmq Mxzseraw Oven, (alef 
TY, M f m Vacuum (hmm Cai 

8 1 7 - 7 7 3 -3 3 6 3 

Bernoo 2o Sailboat a ith tra ile r. 
Bow pulpit, te a m lee han dra ils, depth sounder, d eluxe in te rio r, m a s t c o r n e r s . G enoa s h e e t wrnches e le c tric a l system , salt contained head- outboard m otor bracket, boom vane. anchor with rode. Ev m r ade 4HP m ete r w ith lank saturn compass, soils m om w o ikin g lib , 158% Genes Storm ub se t and tille r co ve rs, *$389 
369 1381 or 698-7ISI 
14 B lazer S ailboat w ith tra ile r. 
*938 CaH 366-4/M 
71 C A T A M A R A N V e n tu re bv 
M acG regor tra ile r, im m acula te 
S 16/S. 826-9*19 
_______ 
Cay C a ta m a ra n , w ooden U H . w ith a lu m in u m tO F t m a s t 
D o v e ta il Sale, r e b u ilt tr a ile r . need 
'lim n in g 
6*3-4**} or 
313-212) 
__________ 

7o B rookw eed I l e** 
I ow ner, 
C e n tra l h e a t o ir , s k ir t in g . 2 b d l ms, I both *6588 49* 1346 
B uy th is m o rn in g , m o ve y o u r m obile on this a fternoo n L a rg e 
H ill C o u n try s ite . I * m in 
N 
P e vm e n ts less th e n re n tin g in p o rk 
L A K E C R O F T R E A L ES 
TA TE, 494 3419 or 1*11*o8 
BY OWNER 
-71 ASTRO. 73x14 Ie be moved. 2 baths. I bedroom s, b u iltin * , c e n tra l a ir. fire p la c e . sm a ll c o m fy , assum e c o n tra c t 
M arten. Tx (I>428 M IS 
F urnished 8 I *3 S p a'ton tra v e l 
H a ile r m eal 11388 COH 3)3 2741, 
333 68*7_________________________ 
M en sloe 14 K M 1? ) b e d ro o m s 
I both. u tility room L arge din in g room Like new ' *»< 3885___ _ 
INSTANT CASH 
For ated mean# hemes 
124 3748_______ t i * *634 

 el I R MOBILE HOMES 
New used. '1688 IN 13N 633 8471 

9o3 BUILDING MATERIALS 

DITTMAR LUMBER 
SOO SIWIK • 226-3141 

Genuine Stienq tor* (antiq bon length* ie JO 
$14.81 «q 
Iii? lough todm lumbei 
. . . . 
SS* bn h lotbood he* 
$4.8$ to 
Asbestos Sidmq 
*24.95 -g. 
’ Oak Whiskey honots $14.8$ to 

74o lb 3 U rig (oiois 
I3.8S tq. 
I i i led « saiioF 
$4.48 ion 
Insulation 3 
84 sq It 
Insolation A 
IS* sq b 

T H I M O N E Y S A V E R 

1 MetlerChetee 
Sen* AmerMerd 
W het* Cath Avys el Wfielexele 

C I S LUMBER 
COM PANY 

1 x 4 1 DM. 3 YR 
2x4 Aread f ir . , 
4 x 1 7 /1 4 BV. B B. 

784 es. 
•8< ea. 

 her ds a or# . $1.8$ se. am 
12 xl4’ spsaefh lop tie. 
17x14 faugh tPXfun dipp ii* . 

274 ll. 

314 ll. 
4x1 5/M raghofppy 
A e t i 

Corr. trap, / . . $18.85 sq. 
H H ga. 7 pf herb tetra 
$14.95 red 
12' fMv. (feel tale $27 8$ 
14' «Mv steel «a*e $12.8$ 
14 tale, steel fate $37.85 

ALL TOP 

QUALITY STOCK 

ONI STOP CENTER 

C I S LUM BER 

C O M P A N Y 

4647 ROOSEVELT 

(S U ) 924-85S6 

912 FLEA MARKETS 

4 T n a n V A n i^ 'S 
L a rg e st Indoor 
FLEAMARKET 
E ve ry Saturday Sunday 
N orth West Shopping Center 
J4oo Block F re d e ric k s b u rg bd 
Back Side of Center 
FOR INFO o r R E S E R V A TIO N S 
341-7337 

S>5o SVS 37oo 
O R G A N . L o w ry H o llid a y w ills 
G E N IE 
M odel JT L O K S A Less than 1 y r. old. Cost 138oo Sell 
S74oo, 736 J789 
T . A N O s T t'E ztg'B'-Sotion to Au'; 
NO L IM IT E D TIM E 
Dacbert's Music Plaza 
14oo NOGALITOS 
223-6151 
5235 W A LZ E M RO fto d g e rs e le c tro n ic o rg a n . Put) t ir e , s e lf-c a n to ln e d , id e a l to r sm all church or chapel M oving 
494 3232 ofter 5pm 

SAVE to </; OFF 
A L L BRANDS 
OLMOS MUSIC CO. 
4)o N 
M A IN 
224 1741 
----------------- r y u f t 't t 'a * ----------------- 
655 SOM after 5 

918 COINS A JEWEIBY 

T T T T L D i a m o n d H ir s g ^ e a ^ shooed, good color, m ust sell. M r. 
Barnes, 45) 3991. 

924 - WHtSHtltS. QMtBEH 

G o n r e r T n e ^ W F T T o n e T T T e new. S295. 1-428-2342 
6 re e n iio u s t. F re ig h t, D am age 
Term *, free del 924 $ 
OI 

Doctor s in ve slm e n t G 'o u p is in ; terested rn buying coms, stom ps, rolls, proofs, gold F ra n k lin M ints, et* Contact D r V oal. 736-1o79__ 
G uard Ring W edding S ri. ) c a ro l diam ond $4oo, was 36)7 934 31*2 
Two Lore*- Opal 'Pings, d m Sing 
F ra m e d w ith R u bies One W ith 
A quam arine Stones M u tt See ta 
A p p re c ia te 
C o st t4 3 o e a ch 
S a c rific e F a r *1 5 * e a c h 
C a ll 
341-o38* tate pm ar e a rly em. 
W A N T E 6 
6 iie lo o V ire o C orol 
D i a m o n d o t ^ * 6 * ^ l 8 1 ^ ^ ^ ^ 

92o CAMtRA PHOTO EQUIP 

C o rm o rT fT ^ v ilirrM v ro n ^ j to rie s *25o 494 1311. 

926 MACHINERY TOOLS 

 i B u o T r u s l R T e r n T a e r T T n d r illin g m a c h in e , w a le r o r o il, 
*53 21oI or 451 6271 
C A f F R ^ I l l i f t 6 6 2 e 4 D I Aor 
Sale Like new, only 1288 hours 
COH I 713 48* 448* 
________ 
C ol »$$L tra x c o v a io c w ith R ipper and canopy Just 214 hours since new *43.8oo 421 2331. *75 72J3 p v t c h f f r r c K - - .Y hp-.--5 ; $T e 7 ; best otter 681 3169 d ra g lin e fo r sale tle d v y b u ts 
B ucyrus JO B Like new, only tOuO hours 6o Boom, I' 1 yo rd bucket 1 
Coll 
1 71) 4** 4484 d U M l t f m a c liin e fo r b u iiifin g sw im m in g p o g lt *75o8 G a rb a g r d isp o sa l tru c k S43oo 
388 C o te tra c to r S4Io9. w ith 4 y a rd hy 

AUCTION 
C A L E N D A R ' 
Re* <mk ira* «ee Mies m h i 
» 
o o & 
o o o 

C f i* * b r b e e * O o t o i 
Om V t w Coda 1* d r 

■ 
SU N D A Y: 

Gbtt^ 'b AwtiRBR ArmYmmi Mmmnmi 

March 6,1:3 o FN 

E l 7 C Hic rads. Lack ho rt 

Gary Regia et an. U G L77G 31E 

$V| MMien Worth e l 
Geld I Jewelry Auction 
March A end 7 lee laxade U -x-l I__ 
Up r WOW rePWf, AJB• VOD 
(aho ie nee (J Kahn), 

TxGc-77-oo28 

o 

—mmmmmmm ■ 1 Teffr a y e' «"• ............V " T"' : 
U V I V * >9)«Vl OT 11 99 P YU' U »» ¥ 
3$ m m M n .„i!i) SRT ICI, com atete dra u tic scra p e r *3o68 Bock hoe with case, strobe flash, used v e ry ssooo A ir cond itioners for office little S7oC F or in fo r coll 1*9 4*64 b u ild in g s. 5 18oo CII 224 *6*1 or 
T u b m in ia tu r e . M m o llo spy 
Lam e by 1942 E Houston lu n i e r cam era w ith autom atic exposure m eter tut! set of tenses, filte r set 
W h e e l A lig n m e n l Mc 
Chine. *21 397* 
V *• n ii i'or *" R efrige r a to 1 and S io i'e offer *26^791* reasongbTej m ^ t f r s e i l e f f 6 
_____ 
922 MUSICAL INSTBUMEN1S 

ANTE A TR AVE L CENTER 
)to3 N W L oop OIB 
_____________736-Stlt 
IM M 1971 C HAM PION 28- 
Lew mileage, generator, arr, fu lly sell centomea 
U M E1LLEUR 
M obile Homa S a lt* 
K t t R V I L l t . 
TX 
(1)2*7 4366 

1974. !9 ‘ 1 COBIA Center cens*ie 
1975 l l * He M e rcu ry outboard 
74 gotten gas tank tan dam tra ile r 
Like new 
*329*-*783 io n 
F 9 d ro -/34 4331 
_______________ ! 
75 Cobra IBR fa b l e r cantate boat, l l * hp OB. fro n t c e n v o t co ve r, sots tra ile r excel cond *54 o834, 
217 3187 
I 
T i Cobia t if f tn h u lt il ih e h i * ru d e . im m a c u la te c t n d if ie n , i i QOO, 733 3428 

DON'S MABINI 

% Ftfceraiass Bas* beld', 16 hp 
Johnson gut .a n ,/»u Ditty fra tta r, excellent l l 138 311^*32 

L I O N S P R IN G S 
R e rm o n e n liy ih » te ite d 7-1 * be d roorn units en tree covered (ais 
Chain link fence, stora ge b u ild m a t- c o n c re te ga ffe s end c o r p o rts . B e a u tifu l c o u n try liv in g lu st I t m in u te s n o rth en IH I* 
498 21*7, 349 2eo7 
B IL L P R IC E R E A L T Y 

73 S e p t (a a m 29' 
M R I SKI to# m i , an e x tra s - fu lly s#M 
J 

 i i M ggnoiie double 24x 34 3 be dream . I bath. centre) heel err 
Equity, os*U lm 49) 9231______ 
M O BILE HOME OWNERS 
Need a little e xtra cosh/ 
WE buv M obile Home Tires end 
Wheels *18 Each b rin g in or we 

S U N S E T M O B IL E H O M E S 
1763 * W M IL IT A R Y OR 

21.888 rem ained l l * *828 excellent self I cand il ran 

V 2 2 Q S 4 o 

27 Do agr T re v to AH extras, nose eng srae* eves 3*9 18*3 

 t i ELDO RAD O M IN I J I 
Like new, 4.688 * 1 
TR AD E TERM S, S t) 989 

L E M E I L L E U R 
M O BILE HOME SALES 
K E R R V IL L E TX 
( 1) 231 43*6 

■'n I i f C M I'tv '* I i " i. egdedTI 
* il. f ^ 8 * » 1 7 l6 e f f t r l p m 

 nta 

" B K M O T Home I M E 
Baffy anff Weekly R ^ s 
M i i i i 1 
Leto I * / ! la ra riO T 
•TEI m i, raadqd t«CN#i.G * ,**t 

M C. l l - att aanergffa; toad 
S L jn J S L i n u _ 

ISH MFG with side copsole depth tinder iron m eter. D e ns custom eotvenned trpHer SOHR M e rcu ry p ith Bewet n im l l aet fuel lank I batteries tu b * firm *9o *321 

U h 
Bess befit 
I23hp Jehnseh. p o w e r t ilt i r o n m e te r, drw 1 n lin o e r , h ie w h o * ! t o * * tra ile r 32*8o *14 IIM 
17ft T m p e rie t C n e re ke *. C e the dial hull w e ifcthrg windshield 
1 > shy 
OMC i O kl et n a tiv e aenean custom iro n e r, m ony es 
'* os 32*88 Atter *pm *3* >47* 
14B M l i k l l it # . • $ mod cone 
M e re , 
M otor a u ld * t r e t ie t , lr oiler = 
*118$ M a n y em et p re owned rig* dveneei* 

____ 
197* G ie tire n T ri h u ll 7* E vm 

______ 
, 
11 tdsggscrwh 13 e r a th*» wind shield 
11 I x n ru d e 6) hp Opt 
•• BOT H IB B *34 3913 

71 NBW M O O N , i 4 1 68, ) he dreem s te n t'gt on Keo) 6*1 i) 7 | t i RARA WOOD 12**3. I ih eihs 
3 bedrooms Assume or ittu n M ir 
*9388 63* 9833 eyes 
_________ 
1 9 7 3 
R ed b o le 
U M I 
SOR contained en. 3 way le lrtg . I hind »e ta n ks, sleeps *. lo c k s . | bilch louder one luggage ra ck ' 
Perfect condition 664 964) i i sK m TAN 8 X9$ 
M ake offer v >«t B 
R y t f R 
' *»> 
_ t OR D O LLAR RAID 
FOR USED M O B ILE MOM«$ m m 
........... 
W a n IE O 1 Used Meeme H e n r*. 
CASM end F A H SERVICE 
CALL M L m g l H»81|> 
WB T A K I TRADE INS WE 
BU T USKO M O B ILE HD M dS 
< * k k _ a * 
T i n t l* e l 
I beffrfO T*. I Br Hi i 
C e a tre l k e p t a ir 
A p a ffa b c e s 
Make ofter *7 ) H R 

ACME LU M B E R A SU PPLY 
IM I Austin SI 
226 143/ 
Um yersPl City, 6S* 63JI 
ALAM O E N T E B P R l^F 5 
HAS E V E R Y T H IN G 
TO R U ILO A N Y T H IN G ___ 
GOOD USE O R A IL R O A D TIES 
D e liv e re d in Sen A n to n ie , S4 te c h <36-69*1 

~ LEPPARD LUMBER • 
Deer end w indow M etdm g, I V on Sole 16c, Send C ere D e e rs 
S2I 38 New end Used W indow s end Oogrs J IO) W Cern m trc e 
Molten Lumber Co 
‘ Dependable Smet i t ) * 
Ce* or see us tar delivered encae 
( w ith in t i m l e t S A ) on 
P R E F A B re a l Iru sse * e x te rio r watt section*, m tenee par tit.ens - o r c o m p le te house S H IL L en ro u t plans or ours 
WHOLE SALB 
RETAIL 
MF M Z e r f m tr g 4 ); >s»> 
NEW ANO USED LU M B E R , Cen 
H a rry et 218 8o81 ar come 29*2 E 
H E M M * 
________________ 
R e v e s s e s s td Re* ta b le 
12x74. i i i ) ! Bgitdm g Free Dei *32 i i i ) 

 a Reap laHw Phi e 
LUMBER 
Geed Lum hpr Geed Lengths ta i 
Its l f 

Used 7x1 p o rta b le bldg T erm s, 

 m POR;ABL! BUILDINGS f 

Bock F rom Rent 18x12 F ield OI j lice Terms. Free del *2* 39o3 
— 
F a cto ry Second 13x12 wood std 
SS mg. Insuloted coffing, term s, tree del 6*3^111. s s 

PORTABLE BUILDINGS 11 
4 x 1 * 7 9 * 
B H O . . $ m 
O ther s i l t * available 
Q U A L IT Y C O N S T R U C T IO N 
Heavy OUN Fleer included 
DITTMAR LUMBER 
SBB Seguin Rd. 
724-3191 
R o rtcir , B u n d m e s M o ve d by 
M organ, Rended *33 8111 
Jove Id s M o.qon P o " storage 
Term s, Free Del 7)3 *171 
S h ip p in g 
D a m a g e 
Ox i i , 
1x14,Bide Heavy O uly Fleer Dei 
9 2 9 - 9 3 2 9 ________________ 
S lightly D am aged 12x49 G arage 
Heavy 
Duly 
Fleer 
Free 
OOI949-1339. 
Special P ru e M x2* Sales O ffice 
Finished 
Reduced. 
Free 

12x7o PO R TABLE BLDG CDrpcl ed let* et grass a ir heoi nea rly new meets 
OM cede* 
339o6 

HI 
1o/ FDRNiTDRt 
T J T y e rL T Y I'T n ra 'b in e lie s . 3*9 i f ap R e b u ilt m a ttre s s ar bo ssp r rats *39 93 

7 la r g e ik ir H u m m e rs . I Ai 
Tam pers, l l " D rive A ir Im por I 
W re n ch G rea se E q u ip ! , M o tt 
3yd Gation D um p Body 344 1711 lo c a to rs equip! m o m 
I 9o9-S II-69*9 ext 3o99 
Tot! free 

HERMO HU lU D U tt 

New From $495 
U$td From $195 

42$ N Mein 

Nerds Star 

724-SS2L 

732-BIST 
344-o244 

= 932 SOCHOR SAH 
S 
“ ’ IW Y TO CWI 
I ) Sr , A i? ? ^ 
“ ■ 
G rove r Newell Ce A u f iioneers 
S 
Houston, Tx. 
TXGC 77-91*4 I 
5 
S A O ffice: 11o31 Wye D rive 
ZZ 
AMen Howell (SIT) *54-113o 

| 938 POUllBTf RABBI1S BHS zn i ovine i i ^ T 
T r T 
^ X 
T 
^ r r 
SH nests, coops, feeders *24-317* 
<mm . We buy a n i soil la s te r Bunnies 
D u c k lin g s ond C o lored C h icks. 
S 713-4951, 7)4-27)8 

OT*»e»*BP wrWrrVf I WiRRFV -rn EPRP * * hr*»» 
I I I 111 l l I I I l l I I I l l 
S 
JO rodever plow **8 t Sfeei com e 
- i * 1 V** ' ' 1' 1 11 
11 
‘ ZZ racks, *73 i n 4*43 or *22 9413 

NAVARRO PIANO CO 
B AST GR A NO P IA N O 
Ba h fiE n n B R i b a r t g ra m r 
URI WW, BAU7W1I IM T 
GIANO UK 
WW, KUMI 
» M T GIANO UK WW 
3P1WT 
SITU 
PUNO 
UK 
WW 
$ 4 9 4 
BUG-MT P U T * FIANO 

Brag WHR IN a ff Saw 

N A V A R R O 
PIANO CO. 
1 7 o 3 N. C O L O B ADO 
7 3 4 - 4 4 4 3 

F8WCIo f unit tot 
<14 DaOTesa 
2274311 
K q ra a t'ft* P ew irtewn fls rff! "'* I 
B o w n ie n f. New used tu rp ffu re 
231 I < om m er ce 127 4 341 
. 
XCJtf'$ K i t uutW W ereheuse 
USOff Fur (inure and Appliances 
N I ( B j J I I U M O E J 2 l - ) « t 4 

9o9 WES HUMUS 

SOUnttRN JEWELRY CO. 

$ 3 o . o o A M e e ik 
Baetfe 
A B A L D W IN 

P IA N O daw* Ajbjptt** wok fhpt*$ba>*# 
SIMS BALDWIN 
• 3 3 Lex ch (sri I -Sw inn a N ff 

3 
4 
4 
. 4 
5 
3 
9 

DISCOUNT FARM IQ. 
O rd e r fro m o u r (d ia lo g s , cost plus ie *. I lo 3 d o r d e liv e rr Used 
T ra c to r e n d E a u rp m e n t Sale 
O ODGEN E Q U IP M E N T CO . 1233 i PIRIR. $32-81*1 
T I P ereuson 2* bu T to .n l hooEup w ith d ra w b o r e x c e lle n t condr 
Iron Atter 4. *44 339). 4*8 115* f o ri i l l offset Alec 31248 k in e 
»1I Chissel 3788 JU 3714 

FORD TRACTORS 
•N and FN w ith new end used im plam ents 17o4 $ Flores 
TuY'T o i ; 7 o s 7 O f.ltT y f r o f lo T 
M u d e i 3 )4, fr o n t e n d le a d e r, se re n e r blade 
N e * M oto r and tire s 32)6o 
I *23 1922 eves and weekends 7 3)1*29 doss 
T I W T B G ram b i 'll, double disc sm a ll seeder b e *; I ) lf In fe rn o tie n o i Disc HUI r ow l f It » I ll 
Gooseneck Meal I axle w ith clef b ro ke s Den Huosser l ost h o lt d ig g e r t i a u g e r 
In te rn a tio n a l tre n te n d le a d e r 
P o rta b le Sure 
W eight Livestock Scale 
I m eta l 
Creep Feeders double side J ton c a p a c ity 
1978 In te r n a tio n a l t 
W heel d riv e Pick Up 
I 718 ;*t6 ofter » p rn 
IM T I m V T T O P f f l -------- 
441-8478 
I f f f T a B r g a W fTanff fUM'pnlen* 
*7)8*41 
(FTT 

M O N D A Y * 
Utters Auction VUU yr 

March J. T.JO PM 
Bl St $. Presa. San Antonra 
JIM UST®. TXGC-77-OMI 

o 
WEDNESDAY; 
BAINES AUCTION IA U ! 

M ardi B, M S PM 
24o1 S. He eh berry , Sira Antonie 

John A lo w la nd Barbas, 
TxCc.77.WBJ 

o 
F R ID A Y ! 
San Entente 
Euctrao Gallery 

M ardi 4, 7:1o PM 
5o99 lienee Id . 
Jobe Jems (J latin) 
TiGc-77-OOTB 

Ronnie s Tractor Service 

March l l - IO AM 

Oat Rio, Ttxas 

JAO AwcttanRRrs, 

T X G c-77 o 1 8 1 

CET 
S A T U R D A Y - 

Horse Shew A Sale 

March 12. Sop Mph es 
Ho ye- 'rn OUK Center 
Bruce Wafbent. IE*C 77-o2o8 

TOO! AUCTION 
SAO.OM immoral y 

March 74. 7:So PM 
SOBA Monee Bd 

John Jones (J lo b e ) 
I.G c 77-oo29 

 farm A Construcften f qpi 

 i $ • IO AM 
Vaa Zanfff Ca. la ir Grounds 
Jerry Huber son TXG5-77 -o47 

P u re b re d A ro b io n Stud S e rvice. 
Fee *75 lo o th e r b re e d s o r 
<. drubs *25o to A robs. 4S6-M2o; 
456 3234 
P u re b re d H e re fo rd B u ll s io o . 
C o ll Hen 7A M N o o n , 624-27oo) atter 5pm 3)3 531J 
Q (J A f f T 1 6 
H 6 ft S T T " ' b ro o d m ore , M cCue b re e d in g , S5o6. 3 y r old gelding. Three B or breed­ ing. some tro im n g , *75o. 438-7*69 
I Cibolo 
P A N dH ' l t N d l N d B'V i ¥ 'l 4 f f r 
674-15o4 i t P F G '- fe P A M M tH r o 'L 'LS 
Gentle *9 13 Mos *33 o867_______ 
Reg H alf A rabian gelding IO y rs 
16 ha n d *, g e n tle , S p irite d , c ig 

CORRUGATED IRON 
S II 95 per SO 
FLOW ERS IB R CO 
7567 Goltod 
333 6171 
Custom bond m odi' ■mctr'ies, over 
5o use d s a d d le s in s to c k 
H u n d re d s Of Is l c u d J 1" 5J 1" ' 
>o m m , u rn ,■ *, » y ,. i i i x . nap. boots B and W Boot ond Tack, 4o$ ( r ig er **$o 
Also * y r IS I hands 
S Guadalupe SI. San M arcos, Tx. 
1-392-467* m h i 
’S Y 6ek-------- 
AN D GOOSENECK T R A ILE R S 
S a le s, S e rv ic e , R e p a irs , a n d 
T ra ile r Rentals, 443o Hwy FO East 
(S W W White R d.) 333 ISH 
F K R T i U i t b jo h n s o n (J ro s s 
Hay, *1.23 bote. *74 IM *_________ 
F e rtilized Coastal Way Jar ae boles 

Bay O tr type gelding needs w o rk , s p irite d 33oo w ith saddle, b rid ie e ft 
Coli o ffe r 
1:3o w eekdays 
494-6248 
____ 
R r tm trr cd P om l F illy , 9 m as oH , 
H a lte r b ro k e n 
G e n tle 
* 6 * o . 
I I 237 38*9 K e rrv ille 
Req fiu b ia n D o iry G oats. N a n - 
; n u *. I 336-2337.__________________ 

 es re I u n resx 
Reg ^o A td W eireW ds, h u t!* and 
I 42o 28jb 
H e iff r$ to r $alp lii.lE Q g 
» L H * 6 
^ 
4 
^ k g L g .^ g r w t r - . 

Y e a rlin g s , 2 y r o ld s a n d o ld e r 
S to re d in sh e d . $1.7$ o b a le 
533 514$. a ft * a n d w e e k e n d * 
677 817o; 477 *116 
Far sole Jim M oulton Assoc Had die like new, 1-257 85*4 K e rrv ille 
P a r k i n ---------------------------------------- q u a lify bloodlines. 
1-249 3663. 
F d V iA L g Reg’ V vr ofd" 

Iberne 

Top Bloodlines Boerne 1-M9-2936, 
Medina I 389 7743. 
Reg! Rope Horse, good lu r be urn- ners 68*712? Bus. *79-7687 
R U S T I A 
H O S -S .-p J re b re d . 
B re e d in g S tock, fu llg r o w n a n d 

Sim m enia l % H e reford H,qh fe rfin tv 
Gentle- B u ll. S ire d bv B is m a rk 
Bull has several fu tu re breeding se rv ic e y e a rs S e llin g fo r o n ly 
............... ............................... 
*736 because o ffs p r in g H e ife r* 4 * • * * » ? ! ? J * 

 pigs. A fter 4 p m I2ZF3 
Sorrel G elding IO yrs, In g .. W oo' 
Pleasure, lu m ping esp N ot Req 
S’ rm firm 224 73*1 D a y; 9J»ff68S eve 

 have reached breeding age 
638 1981 fo r Sole 7 fo p 6ua)i'!v Beg /.en 
Me G ray B rahm an Bails 4 yrs and 
8 y rs old 
Both lig h tly used on 
Reg herd F e rtility Test provrd ed Your Choice $123o eg 493 8283 
HAV D e live red 
I 6*3 3361 I 997 3/47 
H A Y f 6 r ' SA L f , He o a r bales 
I 449-1)36. 
1-449 3721 

^ 7 8 
I 449-1391, 

 fo r row *133o for oil 224 o38o 
Standing at ilu ff h e a l C ontender a a a bv Three C hicks bv Three 
Bors oui of Deep M o i ne ( T i ) by 
Depth C harge (T B I 3)8o M ore- 
C o re *2 o8 o r d a y 
F ire M oon. 
R a n c h , B a n d e ra , T x . 78oo3,1 
$12 749-4663. 
Smohl and 
Phil! 
K india 
S to cke r io w s . G o r ie r h e ife rs , ond grass calves 
649 1931; 
64* 31oo l U n 'AhJ HAY 3, 'v r o M if t 

HORSESHOEING 

51 2$ and *1.39 
423-4947: 

J a m e s 
H a llm a r k , 
1-379 7)14. J/9 34o) 

H d h if e ’ l H g W 

S e g u in ; t | „ fo r 
3)7 373* 
W X W T 

T R A IL R l'o i B e n e lii A m e n c o n i 
Cancer Society. M a rch 4, 3 o n # info coll 
3)2 337) or| 

________________ 
Y 
T 
T J Y 
T T 
C n p fTTg 
We s I peanut aHotment in Atascosa Co 
Le isu re Stables 
S m all o r ta rg e a creage Jim m y) a m 
E venings S ta y; P O BOK lit . Pleasanton 
Tx 78o64 369-2)97 

M a c A rth u r H S. l l 
M ot 
9 JO 
*49 ,’51/_________________________ 
. . .. ... ________ 
, lf you k a v e n l fo u n d the r ig h t 6x2o G ooseneck T ro lle r, used IU s ta llio n to r y o u r m o r t , c o li' tim * SITO* or best offer 444-2)43 i 
*33*o12 or 227-1561 AGMA pnrat 
T* 
_ 
* 
Y oung Sows D u ' OC 
I T ra ile r from # 
Young 
R o o sftrs 
*3 
64V 1224 
J yr o»d M are. Sorrel A 6 m A Beg 
2 Eyed Jock B loodline t. B red to 
Skip I (P o m l) *13oo >9o QSII 
| 
6 id Poi ter lf arse {Iu d . lo 

 and A rabton availab le 

IRRIGATION PIPE 
238 m ints of new 6. 25o taints of new I Class 15# A lu m in u m Pipe 
Also D e troit D iesel P um ping Unit 
This stuff •* o ba rg a in I intend to t i yr sen if. if you con gel up your nerve sole. P o ttie r is G lory Be Good Too ond your w ife ’s p e rm issio n C oll AA A, m o ttle r is Donna Low Top 
Me 
A rch C 
Holden 
695-89o5;' AAA. Saddle broke Call u ff*p in 
2*5 JTP) 
I 426 21U 

942 
FARM 
SWIMS 

EQUIPMENT 

THE TORGERSON CO. 
7)9 stoves 
$32-5143 
1 6 # B ond ll S I D 3*4o 
I O R D 
T R A IT O R S 
E W A L D 
FO RD TR AC TO R S. IH IO 
Hwy 
4* seeura % i r n 4 )v )_________ 
W iU itO 
I pi hookup disc h o i rom. 4* n **1 7976 

B A LD W IN 
DM ie a n 
S6R) 
496 *961 
C hickerlne fflgno I yrs 

UM 
-a w iftH L D t T T I ------- 
Diesel. *36 4/11 i* T re n t «nd I lo w m id 

 a i r 
I 3)7 

4 row cufttvgter 
§9 f 
4481 

 lf* * 4 LF 
EM LF 
DITTMAR LUMBER 

Mu m m * 
U L 
I g r n 
I t j i l l 

E S T A B L IS H E D IBo4 
UVE B U Y A S E L L 
DIAM O NDS 
P l a T n i n u m 
GOLD 
SILVER a p p r a i s a l s m a d e 
ON 
JE W E L a V e F O ff IN S U R A N C B 
PoBPO S9 5 ANO E S T A T E * 
133 A I . AJAO P L A IA 
/ H U N 
S E L L f « tat*# calli, tall thai ouiBaoi fumitura , 
HAWI 

 io u 225-1666 

 fe d cond 3999 Ceti o f fe r ) „ 
_ _ _ t _ 

Ne Time L im ii en Rem ais 
Bentgt P oi chara Plan ira * W W eefftewe rn 4/17 
6 6 1 * 6 T iS S S N E rT B M gr" -T T P mode) 34*9 Gibson f 3 M endel*" 
(UPV e x te iieni *1199 S»*ofece* le i m a p le neck 
H e m e t# I I I ) 
C u sto m m o d e F e « ( i( G u tte r, st®# AN w*th t«ses e 'e fe s n e n g i treffes 
. unyipei cd 
*4 |U l t 

 g )u ffi ‘g 
| "l5 8 sal W V K ira n in '; i fu aoat Used I ara » » ) *59 m i 
HZmmri cemiie~»rggn dfctBi '"a a l 
Seers e m ** SHS OU »IJ U N 
I r a it le l ii 'lr a n *( 
P L A Y E R PIANOS 
I O B A ID A 9 
AU TO M ATIC MUSIC LU tees N 9raves t i t 

 iu h i. 6 die buster 
14/ 1o91 
Tekh B e e ie U t l t l I , i tee friz start, 3 pent tiouSup new enqrae lie g e i ta i >*6» tv ts L e to*1* i nt^y Lkauhff N itie a e ii ir t i- e e ia tar AN 14 I M 42* H I * 
* " R e v e rt ^ IiM p 'f ira $r*-o w - f T era# end •»<*» t y knee l » he Sub m s«gran- ra t Ne 4 subm ei e.an 
WM# I hp SuOmei yiu'e with * ♦ ' wee *44 1*41 
P r a r w i w t 's i; 
M e d # ' 3999 F o rd tr e d # » s i l l urn) is ) M asse* F erguso n I -u . le i * Used Pfg Ute re p i i f f k r i 
M rs I erns * »fw 
O il l f t a A t IQN c o 
I IT I <**) or 4)9 IM * i l l IH I# seem " m r w w y i r in . T r o v iu t ^ t 

A 

W A N T 
A O S 

A R E 
S T A R 

P E R F O R M f c R S t 

T h e y s a il g o o d th ir ty * 

Bran I w Q rtt fo r y o u 

 to s h 

 n o w 1 

 p la c e tm o d 

C a l l 

2 2 5 - 1 6 6 6 

 a l i t t l e s p a c e 
I n t h e r i g h t p l a c e 

You, too, CAA an joy Quick re>pei 
•d e tr tittn f nratsxt* when h i in fMiaa ** 
A no that right pl ac* 
* 
Call ut today 
A courteous Ad Vis 
YOU w o rd e n d piece your tow coit, I 
Lleuifigd ad 

 the 
/ o u t n fh f lesi'f'td. will help eh A c tio n 

Express/News 
Classified Ads 
Phone 225-1666 

H 
SAN ANTONIO EXPRESS— Thursday March 3 1977 

House okays tough new ethics code 

C op t. A lb e rt P fitz m a ye r o f the N assa u 
County, N .Y ., Sh eriff's office uses a ring to sight his w eapon over his shoulder during 

 an exhibition of trick and com bat shooting. 

He is the U .S. and world titlist in com bat shooting, and was giving the exhibition at 

N e w Y o rk ’s W e s t Sid e Rifle and Pistol 

Range. 
— A P W irep h o to 
Solons rub massage bill off the floor 

 tXPRt SS CAPITOL BUM AU 
M STIX - A bill giv­ ing counties authority to regulate massage parlors was rubbed out on the 
House 
Hour here 
Wednesday. 
HB34 by Rep. Gebe 
Green of Houston was sent back to committee on a successful point of order raised by his fellow 
Houstonian, Rep. Ben T. 
Reyes 
Almost as soon a 
Green's bill was brought up for second reading 
Wednesday morning, it was apparent it rubbed several legislators the wrong way. 
Serious, funny 
Points of order to block consideration ot tin* bill flew fast and furious — some serious and some downright funny. 
House speaker 
Bill 
Clayton remarked at one point. “ It looks like this bill is getting quite a massage of its ow ii. 
Finally Reyes raised the point the Intergo­ vernmental Affairs Com­ mittee which passed out 
( irecti s bill, had \ iolated the House rule requiring five days posting of no­ tice before hearing a bill. 
After a head-huddlc ut 
Clayton's podium, it was determined the com­ mittee had indeed heard the bill earlier — exactly 
24 minutes too early to comply with tin* five-day rule 
Clayton then ordered the bill back lo tin* com­ mittee which must now consider it a second time 
Support idea 
Meanvinile. in San An­ tonio Bexar County offi­ cials Judge Blair Reeves and — tor Sheriff \\ B. 
••Bill’* Hauck — Chief 
Deputy Rudy Garza sup­ port the idea of county regulation of massage parlors. 
“ Sure I ’m for it ," 
Reeves said. “ It s asinine t»» have the law circum­ vented iii that manner. 
AH they need to do is move outside Hie city li­ mits We live in u metro* 
|M»litan area and need the regulation 
Metropolitan problems 

 transcend arbitrary boundary lin es,” the judge added. 
Garza, meanwhile, in­ dicated comity officials bad talked to some stale legislators about their support foe county regu- lation of massage par­ lors 
No formal testi­ mony was offered, how­ ever. he said. 

Control areas 
( ireen’s bill set sevoral regulatory areas iii which counties may control massage parlors. 
These include licens­ ing. health standards, suspension or revocation of license for conviction of any penal code offense, inspection, limits on con­ tent of advertising, clothing standards and prohibiting massages of persons of the opposite sex. 
Rep. Smith E. Gilley of 
G reenville raised the lust two challenges to the bill. iii the first he charged the lull with violating the equal rights amendment to the Texas constitution bv barring massages of persons of the opposite sex 
Amid a burst of a laughter. 
Clayton overruled Gilley 's first objection. 
Charged 
Then G illey charged the advertising section of the bill was a violation of freedom of speech rights 
— again overruled by 
Clayton. 
Then Rep Craig W a­ shington of 
Houston wanted to know if Gilley would objeet to the lull oil the grounds it violated the constitutional protec­ tion against illegal search and seizure. 
Filially, Rep Bd Wat­ son of Deer Bark wanted to know if a point of order w.ym rfng to be raised that u p h ill violated sec­ tion 14B of the Taft-Hurt* ley Act known as the right to work law 
Amid |M*als of laughter over Washington and 
Watson's moves, Reyes made one of his own and had the last move and the last laugh 
First juror taken iii 
Davis m urder trial 

FORT WORTH <AC) 
- A Federal Aviation 
Administration employe became the first juror 
Wednesday to be selected for the capital murder trial of Fort Worth millionaire Cullen Davis 
It was the fifth day of jury selection 
Richard Ard of suburban Hurst was the 28th pro­ spective juror interviewed by the attorneys 
Ard told defence and prosecution attorneys that he subserdied to three local newspapers, but had read virtually nothing about the highly publicized slay­ ings at the Davis mansion on Aug 3, UGH 
Davis is on trial for the fatal shooting of his step­ daughter Andrea Wlibero. 12. and Stun Farr, JU, boyfriend of Davis’ estrarigged wife Priseilla 
Mrs Davis, who was living in the mansion while getting a divorce from Davis, was wounded along w itll a v is I tor, tills Cav ret 
Davis is also charger! with attempted murder in the Cav re! and Mrs. Davis shootings 

\rd was questioned for approximately three hours before both Sides told state District -fudge Tom I ave that ll*; was accepted. 
I ave then swore iii the juror admonishing hun not lo allow the death |M*ualty to affect his weighing of 
IIH tacts in the rase 
The stale has indicated a wilt **ek the death 

Afd answered most ut the questions with a bf lei 
"Aes stf" of no sit toil at one point during his 

D allas fie sm e a re d destined lo be passed 

WASHINGTON (A P ) - The House adopted a tougher new ethics code for itself Wednesday night after Speaker 
Thomas P. O’Neill, declaring that “ the issue is credibility," helped quell a rebellion over limits on outside in­ come. 
The code was approved on a roll call vote of 4o2 to 22 
O'Neill’s appeal to “ eliminate the potential conflict of interest," and “ the suspicion of impropriety,’ climaxed seven wearying hours of debate on the measure. 
Supporters of the bill were able to beat down a series of moves aimed at killing certain sections of the code, and in the end it was approved in virtually the same form as written by a special ethics reform commission. 
Before debate began. O 'N eill had expressed confidence that tin* lim ita­ tion on outside earnings would be passed. 
Outside income 
The Democratic majority soundly defeated a move by Rep. Morgan 
Murphy,’ D-111., backed by many 
Republicans, to wipe out the bill's most controversial provisio the fixing of a limit on lawmakers’ outside in­ come at la per cent of the legislative salary. 
The restriction means that a House 
Divestiture effort hit by Newton w 

ALIC E (A P ) — Breaking up/flic oil companies would increase p r i c e s . 
Railroad Commissioner Jon Newton said today . 
Newton called on the federal government to cease its effort toward divestiture. 
“ It should be plain to one and all. now, that such legislation would ac­ complish only one thing, and that is to sharply increase the cost of energy to the ultimate user,’’ Newton told a regional meeting of the American Pe­ troleum Institute s production d ivi­ sion. 
“ Rather than more Potomac plan­ ning — or perhaps plotting — we need to move rapidly to the development of alternate sources of energy . . . (with) our government in there encouraging, not discouraging,’’ he said 
Newton said Texas has appropriated no funds for energy research, "yet, we are spending money on highways, on education aud on health as though we have a printing press in the base­ ment." 
Carter puts lid oil hiring by agencies 

WASHINGTON (A P ) - President 
( arter ordered all federal departments and agencies Wednesday to fill no more than 75 per cent of their civilian job vacancies pending the establish­ ment of new employment ceilings 
The directive takes effect immedia­ tely and will continue nill ii the Office of Management and Budget develops new agency-by-agency ceilings, proba­ bly in April. 
\\ lute House Press Secretary Jodv 
Powell said N«tine departments might have to continue the hiring lids for a lunger period iii order to meet the ceilings now being prepared 
Iii his first “ fireside chat” to the nation on Feb. 2, Curter said; “ Soon. I will put a ceiling on the number of people employed by the federal government agencies, sn we can bring the growth of government under con­ trol." 
Spine affliction is corrected 

WASHINGTON (A P ) - A new kind ut internal splint is tieing used suc­ cessfully to correct a crippling spinal abnormality afflicting children that has been virtually untreatable, it was announced Wednesday 
Children’s Hospital National Medical 
(enter said tho device straightens an exaggerated outward bowing of the spine called kyphosis, winch produces an unsightly humpback effect. 
Dr Douglas VV McKay, chairman of pediatric orthopedic surgery and developer of the device, said he has placed the dev ice into eight children at the hospital 
The curved spine was completely corrected in five cases and about HU per cent corrected in the other three, he said 
“ This is a very difficult problem to manage and one of a lew problems of the spine in children that we don I have a good treatment for," McKav said. 

 member could earn no more than 
$8,825 a year from such activities as business or law practice, but it applies only to such “ earned" income and not to “ unearned” income from invest­ ments or other sources. 
Opposition to the limit centered on the distinction between “ earned” and 
“ unearned” income, which some claimed was discriminatory and would transform Congress into a stronghold of the wealthy. 
Constitution 

“ It was not the intention of the framers of the Constitution to exclude farmers, lawyers and people with bu­ siness experience from the Congress,” argued Rep. James Quillen, R-Tenn. 
But with sentiment for M urphy’s proposal apparently rising, O'Neill — who had staked a measure of bis leadership's prestige on adoption of a new code of conduct in this session — told tin* House: 
“ I appreciate that some of you are going to have to make sacrifices. But sacrifices we must make. The people of America demand an ethics code.” 
Rep. David Obey. D-Wis., who chaired the reform commission that wrote the new code, credited O’Neill's speech with stifling the opposition. 
“ ll was the most powerful statement of the night. After I heard that speech I knew we weren’t in trouble," Obey said. 
Disclosure 

Iii addition to setting the income limit, the code requires extensive fin­ ancial disclosure by law m akers, prohibits gifts over SUMI, abolishes of­ fice “ slush funds” while providing each House member with a $5.-ooo annual boost in orifice funds and bars foreign travel bv lame duck members and “ dutiable dipping” in official ex­ penses. 
The Senate is expected to act next week on a separate but similar ethics code of its (i\vn 
Republicans had com plained throughout the long debate that by sending the bill to the floor under a rule that sharply restricted the type and number of amendments that could be made, O'Neill and the sponsors were denying the House a chance to 
“ work its will” on an important piece of legislation. 
A Republican-led effort to change the rule and open up the bill to any and all amendments was firmly rejected. 
Obev and other supporters of the code said they feared unlimited am end­ ments would result in the proposal being torn apart. 

Heroin seller gels life 

GUARANTEED 
LOWEST PRICES* 

READ i i i? in j . ■ »i u u ih .11 I m r : 
THIS: 
• ■ A U * 
BELOW WHOLESALE 

You can literally make a room to suit yourself with this fine furniture. All pieces except bookcases are lighted. Center glide dustproof construction. White finish on select veneers with chrome accents. 
'Source mfg. price Hot. Price lift available at both flare locations 

KING HEADBOARD 
$232 
$ 79 
TWIN HEADBOARD 
$223 
$ 69 
CORNER DESK 
$289 
$ 99 
VANITY 
$378 
$139 
DESK 
$253 
$ 89 

C s//* 
'//ifSTS/?/? 

• Dresser with mirror '1 25 
• Captain’s bed w/drawer unit and bonie .... ‘285 

• lingerie chest 
'8 9 
• 5-drawer chest...... ‘95 

• Student Desk 
'7 9 
• Bookcase U nit..... ‘115 

• Desk Chair ......... 
‘35 
• Commode ............ ‘49 

• Bunk Beds Complete 
• Pairjtf twin beds . * t ? 9 w/ bunkies......... 
‘2o9 

All wood with plastic tops, warm honey pine finish. 
Choose a com plete set or lust the pieces you need 

 fD etox’ unit eyed for B exar 

A $425,ooo federal Economic Deve­ lopment Administration grant will let 
Bexar County Commissioners Court build a 52-bed alcohol detoxification unit next to the County Jail. 
Com. Tom Stolhandske Tuesday headed a special committee review of plans for the one-story building and settled the problem of operating the alcohol abuse-related facility, 
Services in the unit will be super­ vised directly by Bexar County Mental 
Health/Mental Retardation whose dir­ ector, Dr. Aaron Lie herman, has se­ lected Dr. Ardow Anted un as staff physician for the treatment center. 
Formal approval for the plans will be sought this week from the regional 
EDA office in Dallas, according to 
Stolhansdake, who also said bids should be let in JO days and contraction finished in six months. 
“ We’re trying to take the drunks out of the jail," Stolhandske said 
2o,ooo drunks 

In 1o75 alone, 2o.ooo bookings for drunkeness were caused by about 8,ooo people, the commissioner noted. He said such chronic illness needs to be handled iii a system other than the jail. 
Stolhndske hopes local judges will provide conditional sentencing that allow the alcoholics caught in the jus­ tice system to be processed through the detoxification center and into a treatment facility. 
“ V\e want them to understand what our program is,” Stolhandske added. 
A prisoner at Bexar < aunty Ja il booked lur drunkeness died of internal injuries there lust mouth. 
An investigation is still under way in that situation 
Stolhandske said current rules re­ quire a prisoner with visible injury or one who is complaining is immediately sent to Bexar County Hospital. 
Jail officials will fie responsible for security and maintenance of the de 
Unification unit. After reviewing plans for operation and construction, Stol­ handske told staff lo apply for tEDA approval and get on with tin* project 

Du t 
Judge lobo 
Benavides 
Wednesday sent a jO-ycar-oki San All tofiio man lo prison fur life after a jury found film guilty of selling bet iou. 
Convicted by an eight-man, tour wuitiaji jury in 187th District t ow l after three days ut testimony was Pete Bernal Sanchez, of 3218 
Ashby st 
Aet oi ding to details ii i the pollee 

DOURIS DRESSER. MIRROR, HEADBOARD, ANO NIGHTSTAND 

M ANY OTHER 
PIECES IN 
THIS POPULAR 
GROUP ARE AVAILABLE. 

.... *253 

4-PIECE VINYL SUITE 

Carefree vinyl in gold or chestnut . . . all in brass nailhead trim. 

Includes chair, sofa, 
^ 
O 
Q lovesecii* and ottoman t W W W 

H1RCUIoN SOFA ft CHAIR 

UNITED 
DISCOUNT 
SPECIAL 

Heavy duty Herculon sofa and chair. 

INSTANT CREDIT AVAILABLE 

ALL YOU NEED IS ONE OF THESE CARDS ... 
MASTERCHARGE • BANKAMERICARD • DINERS CLUB rf- V 
OR AM. EXPRESS. BE OVER 18 • HAVE DRIVERS U P ^ # 
H 
1 1 
LICENSE • HAVE LISTED PHONE • BE EMPLOYED. 
T O J 
\J 
UNITED DISCOUNT BEDDING VALUES 
5.,nth quilled foam sets 

 t w i n .............. *59,., 
FULL ................*79,., 
QUEEN ...........*1o9 », 
KING .............*149,* 

2o-year ORTHO limited warranty 

 t w in Et",...... *1o9,* 
FULL 
*»,......*129 Mi 
QUEEN *34,.... *174,., 
KING 
___ *229.., 
BASSETT DINING ROOM SUITES 

Beautiful' 
Med<l«"anea style e lu d e s Ugh,©,! chm* with br ess grillwork end glee* shelves 
5 side chairs end I arm charr ot ell w ood w ith decorator seels 

555 
Beautiful Oak styling features mar proof Mir.ar,a table tap. China has wood grillwork glass shelves and lights Suite includes table, china, and t> aide charrs with I arm charr 
ALL WOOO 

EURO PEAN 
R EN A ISSA N C E 
BEDROOM 

Beautiful pecan finish. Com plete suite includes large tri­ ple door dresser, large lighted 
|door < h e s t . bias*, '(fill work 
7-foot tall arm oire ch est. 
I night stand and 
I any w e headboard 

(KROMAN RENAISSANCE 
B IN OOM SUITE 

*1325 

BASSITT BEDROOM 
DeSoto Dining Room 

• triple Dresser 
O Twin Meters 
O Deer Chest 

Com plete 
‘ 5 9 9 

• Night Stand 
O Headboard 
(any »i m | 

Maddarionaen Oak Htovy oil oak, 4 wd* chows, and I one (haw with goth and miet (one bor kl. o begs india labia and a beautiful babied rhino with bravi grills aor k and ohm tad pones Alt rn a 
^ 
^ 
^ beautiful psron turn!. 
| I 
I 
4 
Q 

DOOR CHESTS 

LEFT OVER 

FROM SUITES 
SPECIAL GROUP 
‘69. 

GUARANTEE* 

•WL 
GUARANTEE 
THE 

LOWEST 
FURNITURE 

PRICES Of ANY FURNI­ 
TURE STORE ANYWHERE. 
REGARDLESS 
Of 
ANY 

TYPE 
SALE 
(MERGER 

SAUS, END Of MONTH, 
CLEARANCE 
OR 
ANY 

OTHER SAU 

••lf YOU U N RNO ANY 
NEW FURNITURE AT ANY 
RETAIL 
STORE 
ANY­ 
WHERE THAT BEATS THE 
PRICE Of ANY FURNI­ 
TURE YOU BUY AT UNIT 
ED DISCOUNT FURNITURE 
WE 
W RI 
ROUND 
TO 

YOU H O S Of THE DR- 
FERENCE. 
(CONDITIONS: 

( I) 
PRK I 
CONHRMA 

HON IS REQUIRED (2) 
MUST Bi JO OATS Of 
PURCHASE )3) MUST BE 
AURE 
ANO 
Of 
SAAM 

BRAND AND OR MOO EL 
NUMBER(S). 

BUNK BEDS 

 jhtdk-tir-di'-f 9) ***« nj - 
I n- amil ti 
*9“ WI mo| rn WmWm IF* •■■PNI I WPI# 

 i aport ut hi>i arrest. samite/ w a * bunked alii*! an August I HTB salt* af 

 h a m I ti — a c ii u t r o l l e d B u b a lin e * !* — Lo 

 a tt undercover pollee oil it ar 
Ilia un Ida til look jdaaa al VS aal 
Marlin anti N .San Jacinto street* 
Bib m o ld abow* two e arlier cornu - 

Emit* related to d rug*, iii 188,1 on 

|n!'>m ‘*m »mi td narcotic* pal aph* m alta aud Ut IM, I tat a bat ain bale 

DISCOUNT PRK ES 
ANYWHERE IN SOUTH TEXAS 

JJ J w u rm 

 if UDOH? 

IiinNpi L — 
... 
T- 
T B T grocery a 
I DUCHI 

BARGAINS 

1o4 E. LAMAR 

ANO 

1o41o PERRIN-BEITEL RD. 

OPEN 
TUES. 1o-9 
TO THE 
THURS. 1o-9 
PUBLIC! 
SAT. 1o-2 
(CLOUD TO THI PUBLIC ALL OCHI* DAYSI 

A U M ERCH AN DISE SU RJE C Y I O P R I O R S A L I ALL SOLO O N A I st C O M I — U t S E R V ­ 
ED BA S IS 
W E RESERV E THE R I G H I TO LIMIT Q U A N T IT IE S O N ALL M E R C H A N D I S E 

SOM E M E R C H A N D IS E M A Y N O T B l EX A C T LY A S S H O W N 
NO T R E S P O N S I B L E FOR 

T Y P O G R A P H I C A L E R R O R S IN THIS AD 

GLOBE 

TO BETTER SERVE YOU... 
NOW THERE ARE 

GLOBE STORES! 

OUR 3 NEW STORES ARE LOCATED AT: 

★ 4343 WEST COMMERCE 

★ 49o2 FREDERICKSBURG RD. 

★ 85o5 BROADWAY 

FOR ALL 6 STORE LOCATIONS SEE MAP BELOW FOR EASY IDENTIFICATION. 

AND REMEMBER. WE HONOR 
Ba n k A m e r ic a r d 

 rn 

 to )( 

-n\ -r I 
WETMORE/ 
^ ~Jo \ ^ I 
2 $ \ ° \ rn 

BROADWAY 

85o5 BROADWAY 

49o2 
FREDERICKSBURG RD 

■ 
X 
4343 W 
COMMERCE vt 
W ho en 
COMMERCE 

7142 SAN PEDRO 

315 SANTA ROSA 

CA 

C S 

 m 
SAN 
ANTONIO 

MILITARY DR 

*GLOBE 

•315 Santa Rosa 
•4343 West Commerce 
•238 Military Drive 
*7142 San Pedro 
•49o2 Fredericksburg 
•85o5 Broadway 

ASSURANCE THAT 

*Ou» prescriptions * r * lorn phCoU it you *»nd « .ow#* pf ic * D#in^ in you' 

 prescription D o m * end » * c * p t * * « i i t refund th * d if» # f# n t*' 

•G u n n y th * AU p*r«od « • 
*«l c o m p e titio n I o n * nm# >p«v ■ * •* • 

SAN ANTONIO EXPRESS— Thursday March 3 1977 
Special brain problem 

Dear Dr. Thosteson: My mother is in her mid-7os and is a patient in a nursing home. 
She is physically in good condition. Her behavior is becoming impossible. Atter several months of treatment with tran­ quilizers and sedating drugs she still fluc­ tuates between great agitation and bland staring. 
The neurologist’s opinion is that she has Alz­ heimer’s disease. Other tests are being "planned. 
Will you tell me about Alzheimer’s disease? Is it physically or emotionally caused? Are there any cures? Are there any hereditary factors? — 
P.S. 
Alzheimer’s is a form of brain deterioration. It begins at a relatively early age (4o or 5o). but severe mental sym p­ toms occur later. 
•The cause of the aging is not entirely clear. It may be a brain cell en­ zyme deficiency that shortens cell life, or it nj ay be caused by artery hardening that leads to oxygen starvation of the brain cells. 
• There is no specific treatment. Blood vessel d-ilators 
(expanders) spell as niacin, one of the 
& -complex vitamins, has been tried. Possibly sex hormones of or mood boosters for depression can be considered. Hyperbaric oxygen chambers have been used, but the results of the artifieally increased brain oxygen supply are rather temporary. 
O ne might speculate on whether your mother's problem is as much mental as physical — for ex­ ample, a rebellion against the nursing home em ironment. 
You mention that other tests are planned These may reveal a more specific cause than Alzheimer’s disease, lf so, a specific treatment can follow. 
There is thought to be some family disposition to 
Alzheimer’s disease. 

L e g c r a m p s 
Dear Dr. Thosteson: I am HH years old and am getting leg cramps at night. Also I get dizzy spells. I have been using diuretic pills and wonder if they can be causing these problems. — TM . 
Diuretics (water pills) have to be used cautiously, particularly by older persons. They can cause ex­ cessive loss of important minerals (potassium chiefly), and that may produce muscle pain You should report the symptoms, including your dizzy spells, to your doctor. He may want to reduce the dosage in your pills or discontinue them altogether. 
It is difficult to comment on such general symptoms as dizzy spells, but you may find some helpful in­ formation in my booklet on the subject. Send a quarter and a stamped return envelope to me in care of this newspaper. 
Arthritis sufferers can be helped. Dr Thosteson s booklet discusses many types of arthritis and related |omt diseases as well as effective treatments and medications. For a copy of 
How You 
•Can Control Arthritis,’’ write to him in care of this newspaper. 
"Inclose a long, self addressed, stamped envelope and 35 cents 

Health 
By George C. 
Thosteson, M.D. 

The Aces 
On Bridge 

Bx IK \< ;. CORN .IR. 

Todays hands were played in a challenge match be­ tween The Aces and a group of top stars from the West 
Coast. Match bids with the record and compare your results. question No. I: You are 
South, no vulnerability, and hold 

♦ K » 5 s/s A 
¥ Q78S4 

♦ a q j j 

What do you bid after 

North Hast 
Mouth 
West 
IO 
Paia I* 
Haas 
I a 
Pass 
24 
Pass 
1 * 
Pass 
2 A 
Pass 
3 NT 
Pass 
’ 

Answer: Pass is the winner; four spades and four hearts go down The entire hand: 

West's king Another spade lead is won by the ace and 
East wins the next trump lead with the ace and pro­ motes West’s heart IO by- leading spades (if declarer discards a spade on a high diamond, the defense can manage two top trumps, an overruff in spades and a late club trick). 

Question No. 2: You are 
South, vulnerable, and hold 

♦ W » 
JJC 
¥ S7 4 
T K J 1 12 
4<j 9 2 

What do you bid after’ 

North 
I* 
Dbl 

East 
Mouth 
4 f 
Pass 
Pass 
’ 

West 
Pats 

NORTH 
♦ A 832 
¥ J 9 

C JB 

Answer: Pass and you score IOO points Bid five dia­ monds and score a' doubled game The entire hand 

♦ A K 7 3 
4 K 83 
W LMT 
CAMT 
A 
A , ! IO 6 
V K IO 2 
? A 8 3 
♦ y IO 8 5 . 
♦ J 9 4 2 
4 .no a 7 
4 6 4 
MUI TH 
A K 95 
¥ W 7 A V 4 
♦ 8 
4 A Q S ! 

Iii the match, Ace Bob Wolff pftned in three nu trump and made nine tricks by suc­ cessfully finessing the heart nine and establishing the heart suit. In the replay, 
Grant Baze and Peter Pender of San Francisco played in four spades add were down 
MIR* after the loss of two trbmp tricks and two high titians Note that four hearts also goes down after a spade lead Declarer wins the spade king and a heart goes to 

NORTH 
A K J • 32 
¥ ... 
♦ W 7 5 4 
4 A K J 5 

3 3 It 

 wt-vr 
KAUT 
4 A IO 8 7 
A S I 
I K S S 
¥ A y J 1o832 
♦ A IO 
♦ « \ 
4 IO 8 7 6 
4 (3 
M il Tit 
4 go 
¥ 8 7 4 
¥ k J 8 a 2 
4 Q 8 2 

(E m p r e s s 
PICK 

.7 p.m.: N BC M O V IE O F THE W EEK : "The Outer Spoce Connection." The late 
Rod Serling narrates this special about the origins of this planet, the beginnings of life on earth and the possible influences of alien beings on the creation of the earth. M any of the world’s phenomena will be explored. (Ch. 4) 
% 
----------- 

T l m r M l a v T V 

In the match. Ace Mike 
Lawrence bid five diamonds and West (Baze) couldn't resist the tempting double 
The hand proved easy and 
West was held to only his two aces (or a score of 75o points to The Aces In the replay 
Ace Bob Wolff ‘East) played the hand in four hearts and went down only one for a sub­ stantial gain 

PUBLIC NOTICE 

COLOR TV’S 
UKE NEW 

PREVIOUSLY USED 
Br AMU MO ULA. th u rsd ay th ru sunday 
U-9 PM 
HOLIDAY INN 
Nutkwui I-IO 
733.9141 

IA U HILO SY NATIONAL MOTEL SAUS CO 

 m e n v 
O 
MBC 
KENS-TV 
Q - CBS 
XLRN-TV a -Ed 
KSAT-TV 
© - ABC 
KWEX-TV 
QjJ —Ind 

A has­ been returns 

BARBARA EDEN 
...9 p.m., Ch. I 

7 a m. (Ch. 4) - THE 
TODAY SHOW - Boston 
Bruin hockey goalie 
(jerry Cheevers is inter­ viewed; and a report on the King Tut exhibit at the Smithsonian Institu­ tion is featured. 

7 
(Ch. 
12) 
- 
GOOD 
MORNING, AMERICA - 
Geraldo Rivera presents a series on child abuse. 

8 (Ch. 5) - CAPTAIN 
KANGAROO 
Mr Moose narrates the story of 
“ The Invention of the 
Ping-Pong Ball" -- set in the Oriental Palace of the 
Imperial Empire of Moo 
Son Poo. 

9 (Cb 12) - THE MIKE 
DOLGE AS SHOW - R i­ chard Match is eo-host, with guests 
Jim m ie 
Walker, Robert Blake. 
Tom Ewell, Michael I). 
Roberts. Elliott Gould and Karen Black. 

3:11o p.m. (Ch. 12) - THE 
NEW Mil KEY MOUSE 
CLUB - Donald Duck presents the Mouseka- 
Movie Special "M ickey and the Beanstalk,” the 
Disney version of the fairy tale starring Mic k­ ey. Donald, Goofy and the 
Giant. 

o:3o (Ch. 12) - ANDY • 
Lesley Ann Warrenn is guest. 

o:3o 
(Ch. 
9) 
- 
THIS 
WEEK -- THURSDAY - 
The need to tighten up slack in the training and employment of profes­ sional nurses, that has called forth the drafting of Bill MB.594, Profes­ sional Nursing Practice 
Aet. is the topic for discussion. 

7 (Ch. 12) - WELCOME 
BACK, KOTTER - “ I 
Wonder Who’s Kissing 
(’.abt* Now?” Gabe Hotter has some explaining to do al home after he is seen kissing a pretty art teacher in his classroom. 

7p(5)NAZi NIGHTMARE! 
•NEW • THE WALTONS(Adv.) 

7 (Ch. 5) - THE WAL 
TONS • The wife of a 
German diplomat comes to W alton's mountain. and J olm-Boy. always the reporter, tries to get an interview with lier. Ile wants to know about lier traum atic experiences and why she is trying to escape. 
Jean 
Marsh guest stars. 

7 (Ch. 9) - MASTER­ 
PIECE THEATRE • (R ) 
’’Upstairs, Downstairs.” 
Hudson stirs a household crisis after lie is seen at the Wembley Exhibition iii the c o m p a n y of a young girl 

7:3o (Ch. 12) - W HAT’S 
H A P P E N IN G !! - “ The 
Tickets.” Raj is lucky enough to get as a gift two tickets to a Stevie 
Wonder concert. But they become a mixed blessing w hen he has to decide which of his two friends. 
Rerun or Dwayne, to take with hun 

M 
OO g : 15 rn .3o rn 
45 

I (6 3o) Villa Alegre 
I (7) Today Show 
(7 25) TV-4 News 
(7 3o) Today Show 

CBS Morning News 
With 
Hughes Rudd 
Brute Morton 

(6:oo) Change ond Continuity 
Sesome Street 

(6:45) Classroom 
(7) Good Morning 
(7:25) NewsWotch 
(7:3o) Good v. a 

8 :2 

Tom Brokaw 

(8.25) TV-4 News 
(8 3o) Today 

Captain Kangaroo 
Bob Keeshan 
Mony Americans 
Truly American 

Morning, America 
(8 25) NewsWotch 
Good Morning, 
America 

W%: •'>>. | 
WjSmi 
J 

BM OO l l 
T IS 

Sanford ond Son 
Redd Foxx 
Hollywood Squares 
Peter Marshall 

Frice Is Right 
Bob Barker is host 

Zebro Wings 

Many Americans 
Truly American 

The Mike 
Douglas Show 
Richard Hatch is co host 

Gloria 
Marin 
4:3o p.m.. 

 l o 
; 

Wheel of fortune 
Chuck Woolery 
Shoot for the Stars 
Geoff fdwords 

I love Lucy lucille Ball love of life/ 
CBS News 

Zebro Wings 

Many Americans 
Truly American 

All My. 
Children 
Happy Days 
Ron Howord 

Ch. ll 

 i i i 

Nome That Tune 
Tom Kennedy 
TV-4 8ig News 
Frank Matthews 

Young ond 
Restless 
Search for 
Tomorrow 

Zebro Wings 

Many Americans 
Truly American 

The Don 
Ho Show 
Ryan s Hope 
Wk 
JBlil 
BH 
* JBI 

1 2 1 

The Gong Show 
Chuck Barns 
Days of 
Our lives 

Eyewitness News 
Bob Koop 
As The World 
Turns 

Zebro Wings 

Mony Americans 
Truly American 

NewsWotch 
Ouin Mathews 
Family Feud 
Richard Dowson 

Jacobo 
Zabludovsky 
1o:3o p.m. 
Ch. 41' 

BB 
OO 
J .15 
I 3o 
I 
45 
The Doctors 
The Guiding light 

Zebra Wings 

Mony Americans 
Truly American 

S2o.ooo Pyramid 
Dick Clark 
One Life 
To Live 

o 
: ‘?5 
M : 3o mm :45 

Another 
World 
All In The family 
Carroll o Connor 
Match Game '77 
Gene Royburn 

Zebro Wings 

Many Americans 
Truly American 

General Hospital 
John Beradino 

 mm oo 
o : 1 5 
% 3o l l : 4 5 

My Three Sons 
Fred MocMurray 
Hie Lucy Show lucille Boll 

Tattletales 
Bert Convy 
Bewitched 
E. Montgomery 

Many Americans 

School Talk 

Edge of Night 

New Mickey 
Mouse Club 

J n Son Antonio 
Mort ho 
Gutierrez 

 rn : oo 
4 s 

Gunsmoke 
Jim Amess 
Amanda Bloke 
Milburn Stone 

The Brady lunch 
Florence Henderson 
Hogan s Heroes 
Bob Crone 

Sesame Street 
Emergency One! 
Kevin Tighe 
Randolph Montooth 
Bobby Troup 

Coca Drilo 
Bertica Camejo 
Mondo de Juguete 
■■■ oo 
IT 15 
^ : 3 o a r 45 

Gilligan s Island 
Bob Denver 
NBC Nightly 
News 

Eyewitness News 
Bob Koop 
CBS Evening News 
Walter Cronkite 

The Electric 
Company 
Once Upon 
A Classic 

The Partridge 
Family 
ABC Evening News 
Reas6ner'Wolters 

El Hijo de 
Angela Mono 
Rolando Barra! 
Johonno Rosoly rn 
OO 
6 ii; 

TV 4 Big News 
Martha Buchanan 
Jim Dawson 
Gene lively 

Eyewitness News 
Chris Morrou 
S2S.ooo pyramid 
Bill Cullen 

MacNeil/Lehrer 
Report 
This Week — 
Thursday 

NewsWotch 
Don Colton 
The Muppet 
Show 

Reporter 41 
Gloria Rodorte 
Andres Morin 
Cuco Rodriguez 

 warn OO 
# 15 g : 3o m 
:45 

NBC Movie ol the Week 
The Outer 
Spoce Connection 

The Waltons 
Richard Thomos 
Ralph Waite 
Michael learned 

Masterpiece 
Theatre 
Upstairs, 
Downstairs 

Welcome Back, 
Rotter 
Whats 
Happening!1 

Baroto de 
Primovera 
Jacqueline 
Andere 

O 
S 

O s 

Rod Serling is norrofor 
Howoii Five o 
Jock Lord 
Jomes MacArthur 
» 

Classic Theatre 
Humanities in Dramo 
The Duchess 

Barney Miller 
Hoi linden 
The Tony 
Randall Show 

Premier del 
Jueves 
Mi Esposa 
Me Comprende 

 mm 
OO 
o 
)5 

T i s 

Sixth Annuol las 
Vegas Fntertamment 
Awards 
Gabe Kaplan 

Barnaby Jones 
Lee Meriwether 
8uddy Ibsen 
Mark Shero 

 of Molfi' 
Eileen Atkins 
The Streets of 
Son Francisco 
Kart Malden 
Richard Hatch 

Arturo de 
Cordova 
Moigu Loper 

IO 

TV 4 Big News 
Gene lively 
The Tonight 
Show Storting 

Eyewitness News 
Chris Morrou 
CBS lole Movie 
Kojak Elegy In 
Captioned 
ABC News 

NewsWotch 
Don Colson 
Mary Hartman, 
Mory Hartman 

Lo Imperdonoble 
Amparo Riveters 
24 Horas 
Jacobo 

111 

Johnny Corson 

 j (12 OO) Tomorrow 

An Asphalt 
Graveyard 
The Adventures of Nick Carter 

This Week — 
Thursday 
Sign Off 

Ironside 
Raymond Burr 
Don Gollowoy 
(12) The F I I. 

Zabludovsky 

(12) Sign Off 

Program listing* compiled in this lag ara furnished by the television stations and ara subbed to last-minute conges. Th# newpoo*r_is not responsible when Kefir gs are in error. 
____________ ______ _ ______ 

 ll din* 
Quasar. 12 
PORTABLE COLOR TV 
• Usts Less energy than a 75 Watt light bulb 
• lightweight, only 28 lbs. 

WOODLAWN 
TV 

1o3o Bandera Rd. 
433-4461 

8 (Ch. 
5) - 
HAWAII 
KIVE-o • Dane ( lark guests as a mainland gangster who wants to lake over a professional football team in Hawaii. 
He wants to use the club as a laundering operation for syndicate money, so he tries to intimidate the players into influencing the owner to sell. 

8 (Ch 
9) - CLASSIC 
THEATRE: HUMANI­ 
TIES IN DRAMA - "The 
Duchess of 
M a lfi.” 
Eileen Atkins stars as the beautiful, tragic heroine, hounded to death by ber family for marrying the wrong man 

8 (Ch. 12) - BA RN EY 
MILLER 
- 
Pish is dressed in drag on the job as the rest of the de­ tectives have a conflict to settle. It s between a man w ho claim s the secret tests he participated in iii the Army ruined his health anc! un Army ser­ geant who says the man is trying to blow up the sergeant s recruiting station. 

8:39 (Ch. 12)-THE TONY 
RANDALL 
SHOW 
- 
“ Case: Facing Up vs 
Hiding Behind Drapes.” 
Judge Franklin is threa­ tened by a prisoner lie sent to jail. Tile convict claims he will get the 

 judge, escapes and is on the prowl. Then a person, who the judge can ’t stand, takes leave from the District Attorney's- office to protect the him. 

9 (Ch. 5) - BARNABY 
JONES • A chief witness to a raee-traek robbery is being kept on ice by 
Barnaby, waiting for a chance to give testimony. 
But when one attempt is made on his life, the man isn’t so sure he wants to testily to anything. 

9 (Ch. 4) - THE SIXTH 
ANNI AL LAS VEGAS 
ENTERTAINMENT 
AWARDS - Cube Kaplan. 
Barbara 
Eden and 
Wayne Newton are hosts of an award program featuring stars of the best acts in Las Vegas. 
Performers include Rich 
Little, Robert Goulet and 
David Brenner. 

9 
(Ch 
12) 
- 
THE 
STREETS o f s a n 
FRANCISCO 
“ Once a 
Con..." A young conv ict on special parole becomes the prune su­ spect in the murder of a university coed. John 
Rubinstein and Linda 
Marsh guest star 

1o 3U (Ch. 5) - CBS LATE 
MOVIE - (it) “ K o jak : 
Elegy in an Asphalt 

TOM JONES SAY S 

WITH 
OUR 
DUTCH 
VCHUMf 
•urn* row* ano tow, 
LOW 
OVBtHIAD 
ANO 
NO 
SAUSMAN COMMISSIONS 
TO 
PAY 
WI PROMISE TOU THI 
FINIS! PRW ANC SI* VK I ANO 
INST ALIA DONS 

G raveyard.” 
Telly 
Savaias, Dan Frazer. 
Kevin 
Dobson and 
George Savaias star. The murder of a beautiful 
Manhattan playgirl af­ fects the lives of many people, including Kojak. 
(R ) “The Adventures of 
Nick C arter.” Robert 
Conrad, Shelley Winters and Pernell Roberts star. 
A famous private eye of 
New York’s early 19oo’s gets into action when he discovers that the death of a fellow private detec­ tive is tied to the disap­ pearance of a wealthy playboy’s wife. 

1o:3o (Ch. 4) - THE TON- 
IG HT SHOW STARRING 
JOHNNY 
CARSON 
- 
Guests include Steve 
Lawrence. Gore Vidal. 
Dyan Cannon and Andy 
Kaufman. 

1o:3o (Ck. 12) • MARY 
HARTMAN, 
MARY 
HARTMAN • Cathy gets un honest answer from 
M ary: and Mary and 
Martha create a new team and go to apply for a different sort of job. 

Midnight 
(Ch. 
4) 
• 
TOMORROW - Guest is 
Robert Randall, a victim of glaucoma who is per­ mitted to smoke govern­ ment-supplied marijuana cigarettes. 

“ I ve been a has-been 
.nine times in my life.” said actor Eddie Brack­ en. 

 lie was in Hollywood to play a familiar Bracken role — a smooth-talking con man, who lures 
Lenny Markowitz (series star Adam Arkin) into his phony announcer’s school in the episode of 

"Busting Loose” to be broadcast Monday at 7:31) p.m. on KENS-TV. 

Touring on the stage and engaging in various outside interests have kept the former motion picture star constantly active since quitting I lol­ ly wood perm anently, after finishing his last feature film, "A Slight 
Case of L a rce n y.’’ in 
1953. 

“ I'm a workaholic,” he claims, as his schedule of the past few years would attest. On the stage, which has dominated iiis time since leaving 
Southern California, lie toured most recently in 
"The Odd Couple” and 
"The Sunshine Boys.” 

C urrently. 
Bracken operates his own ad agency-public relations firm in Houston. Texas, and for a time he owned a chain of eight community newspapers. His past even includes a stint as disc jockey on radio sta­ tion W B K ’. Bay Shore, 
N Y . 
— appropriate training for his “ Busting 
Loose” guest-starring role. 

His entertainment car­ eer has had its share of ups and downs. “ I've been broke twice.” be admits, “ but the ups' predominate.” 

At the moment, he is preparing a comedy. "A 
Hot Line to Heaven.” for 
Broadway, with writer 
K arry M aravig lia. in which his wife, Connie, and daughter. Carolyn, play his wife and daughter. 

Why did Bracken give up Holly wood at a career high point to concentrate on the theater? 

His reasons are sever­ al. Primarily, he regards the stage as his first love. 
He made his debut as an unsure 6-year-old in a 
Knights of Columbus play in Astoria, N Y., and it was the theater that led to his marriage, of 38 years standing, to Connie 
Nickerson, his leading lady in "What a Life.” the stage predecessor of the radio and film series about teen-ager Henry 
Aldrich. But there was an even stronger motive for his defection from motion pictures. 

" I was tired of playing schnooks.” he explains. 

Bracken finds it diffi­ cult to recognize the Hol­ lywood of today as Un* film capital lie knew in the 194o s. But. returning to Paramount lo shoot 

"Busting Loose" on the lot where he starred in four film s with B elly 
Hutton prov idee! a plea­ surable blend, he notes, of "fun and nostalgia.” 

W hirlpool 

SELLING ANO SERVICING OVER 31 TEARS IN THI SAMI LOCATION 
TOM JONES 
W hirlpool 

T ELC V ISIO N -A PPLIA N C ES-FU RN ITU RE 
BANK TYPE 
227-o465 
9 o 7 BROOKLYN te rm s 
* 
2 2 7 - 8 4 9 4 

 p LOOKING FOR SO M E f r e a l o l d f a s h i o n e r 
L v 
BAR-B-Q UE? 
’J I * * L 
THE KIND THAT MADE 
7 te x a s fa m o u s? 

Then give us a try and see 

Purchase w^Qt You ve been hissing! 

I lh. of our delicious Beef Bar-b-que and receive 
V B ) m WB Your Choice: I pint of our tasty 
VK BE Cole Slow or Ranch Style Beans! 
(To Go Only!) 
We’ve been fixing this good old fashioned Bor-B- 
Que at the same place for the last 2o yeors. o 
I 
_/* H V, 
BAR-B-QUE d c n a e j e r 
* catering service 

(Oh yeah, Call os for your next Catering Party) 
6914 SAN PEDRO 
‘ 
826-9324 

SPECIAL 
* 
OFFER! 
7 DATS ONLT— MARCH 2-MARCH 8 
H E H N ! 

4-DRAWER 
FILING 
CABINET 
: 

• 26 Vi” Deep 
< 
• Sturdy 
Bondenized 
• Drawer Pulls 
• Index Frame 
• Full Suspension 
• Limited Quantities 

LETTER SIZE 
STC99 

4714 
INDUSTRY 
. PARK 
DRIVE 
OFFICE SUPPLIES, 
MACHINES AND FURNITURE 

STORE HOURS: 
9-6 MON.-ERI. 
9-2 SATURDAYS 

B H ? " 111 wmmmmmm 
.. WA. Ae token a-A-,- . A- 

KCOR, where you can hear 
“KCOR IN THE BARRIOS’’ direct from the scene 
Mondays at 6:1o p.m. 

135o on the Dial 

► 44 A-*-* MVO I— • »«A*4U * <•* Ae *4a44* 4 rn* tm* a* 

# 
< 

With spring in air, indoor plants abound 1 

SAN A NTONIO EXPRESS— Thursday March 3 I 977 
Pog< 
3-F 
Talk on energy due Friday 

Magnolia is in bloom about town, m ountain laurel has begun to dower and within the walls of Bexar County 
Courthouse th e r e ’s a sense of roses in the air. 

Clerk Lillian Galindo is dreaming up a storm of roses for this coming sum m er. And 
Lillian 
Powell the African violet lady in 
District 
Clerk 
Flton Cude's office, in­ sists her m arvelous plants visibly perk up with spring in the air. 
They never, never really look un-perked because her green thumb works year-round. 

Plants turning up on the table and by the wall in County Court at Law 
.lodge Carol Haherman's courtroom and rooting, clim b in g the w alls in 
Asst. L ist. Atty. Ted 
Lewis’ office, too. 

Mary Ann Lopez, in the District Clerk s of­ 

 fice. finding a large bou­ quet of pink-mauve-w hite flowers on her desk as a birthday token this week. 

Over in 87th District 
Court, clerk 
Ja n e 
Vollmer finding ways to help her grandparents — 
Mr. and Mrs. 
O scar 
(Kdna) Wood 
— cele­ brate their 89th wedding anniversary this month. 
There’ll be an open house in th eir honor at the 
Southern Manor Nursing 
Home where they now live. 

Young Jefferson High 
School senior 
Stephen 
Havel learn in g the 
Courthouse ropes from staffers in County Court 

 at Law Judge 
Spears’ office. 
Caroline 

At 18, 
Stephen plans on a law-related career and intends to enroll at 
St. M ary ’s U niversity this fall. The son of Mr . and Mrs. Charles Havel the young senior is one of about 23 students in the 
San Antonio School Dis­ trict executive internship program this year. 

The you n gsters, all good students, spend their third quarter learn­ ing what the working world is all about. Some 
“ apprentice” with attor­ neys in practice, other divisions of government or private industry. All 

 m ust report back to school each Friday to re­ view what they have done and learned and hear what others in the pro­ gram are experiencing. 

Graduation at Je f fe r ­ son is late May, about a week after Stephen fin­ ishes up his Courthouse assignment. 

Two assistant DAS de­ voting a good part of their time to that convo­ luted home repair swin­ dle — which is, appar­ ently. not wholly resolved yet — are David Ber- chelinann and 
Nelson 
Atwell of the special crimes section headed by 
Asst. Hist Atty. 
John 
Quinlan III. 

JOHN J. MORETTA 
. . . UT professor 

“ Why the U.S. Will Not 
Attain 
E n erg y 
Self 
Sufficiency” is the first of a series of public lec­ tures by national and lo­ cal energy authorities beginning at 7 p.m. F ri­ day in Room IQI, Moody 
Life Science Building at 
St. Mary’s University. 
The speaker will be Dr. 
John J . McKetta, a che­ m ical engineering pro­ fessor at the University of Texas, Austin, whose contribution to the un- 

 f 
WE'VE GOT A 
I 
SUPER SUNDAY) 

^ O n j t s w a y t o ^ 

A SUNDAY EXPRESS-NEWS 
EXCLUSIVE 
GERALDO 
RIVERA 
REVEALS ii 
WHY 
FREDDIE PRINZE STOPPED THE 
LAUGHTER 

Rivera tells the story of the tortured kid behind the happy face... 

“ N o Im m /v e v er sa it! ’ \<» ’ tit 
F re d d ie . . 

 a b o u t th e drafts, the g u n ? t . . . his tdtsessian with fixin g. . . 

. .F re d d ie h a d a deathw ish h e s h a red with alm ost a n y o n e . Ile w anted lo m a k e it h ip . retire at 
2 5 . b e d e a d b e fo re h e was 
.to.. 
'r ea d th e sa d and to u c h in g st o r y o 
FREDDIE PRINZE 
HIS LIFE AND DEATH 
ONLY IN THE SUNDAY'S EXPRESS-NEWS 
6> 
WHAT TV IS 
- DOING TO OUR KIDS fljf I* ijflf Preschoolers are the largest TV audience, 
I J spending on the average a third of their waking hours in front of the tube. For that reason, parents — who put them in front of the set in the first place — are greatly concerned over the content of TV. But, says Marie Winn, author of the series WHAT TV IS DOING TO YOUR 
CHILDREN, what they should be worrying about is that while quietly watching TV, their children are forgetting how to play. 
You won't want to miss this series... 
Continuing Daily in the News 

 riOM CRISES TO 
CATASTROPHE: 
THE MEDICAL 
NIGHTMARE 

It's estimated that Americans are spending 
IO per cent of our incomes on health care nes as a decade ago. Yet claim many experts, overall care has deteriorated. Now author Bard Lindeman tackles the explosive medical issues — from malpractice snarls to “Carter-Care'' to deciding when to "pull the plug".. .and offers some surprisingly strong solutions. 
Continues in The News 
Theie's much more 
Coming your way 
DON'T MISS 
. SINGLE STORY 
CALL 225-74ll TO SUBSCRIBE) 

Marine auxiliary plans benefit sale 

A benefit sale sponsored by the Marine Corps 
League Auxilary will be held IO a.m. to 3 p.m. 
Saturday at Our Lady of Guadalupe Catholic Church. 
1321 El Paso St. 
Draperies, sheer panels, drapery remnants and lining, valances, fringe, satin bias binding, table rounds and other items will be sold. 
Proceeds from the sale will go to community 
P orojects. 

.demanding of energy, environment and econo­ mies won him the 1978 
National Environmental 
Assn.’s Triple E Award. 

McKetta’s presentation will be among five even­ ing lectures of the 17th annual engineering se­ minar sponsored by the 
St. M ary’s U niversity 
Division of Engineering. 

Other speakers will be 
Hugh Guthrie, Energy 
Research and Develop­ ment 
A sso ciatio n . 
Washington, D.C., on fe­ deral energy planning. 
March 18. and Thomas 
Berg, City Public Service 
Board, on San Antonio’s electricity and gas needs. 
March 25. 

R u ssia 

Also Dr. Philip F ra n ­ cis, Southwest Research 
Institute, on Russia’s en­ 

 g in eerin g re search la ­ boratories, April I. and 
Dr. Scott Jones, Univer­ sity of Texas at San An­ tonio, on the economic im pact of the energy crisis, April 15. 

M cK etta was named outstanding A m erican engineering educator of the year in 1978 by the 
A m erican Society for 
Engineering Education. 

His distinguished ca r­ eer has included serving as chairm an of the Na­ tional 
Energ y 
Policy 
C om m ittee during the 
Nixon administration, chairman of the National 
Air Quality Management 
Committee of the Nation­ al Academy of Science and E n g in ee rin g and president of the Am eri­ can Institute of Chemical 
Engineers. 

He is a former member 

 of the 
U .S. 
N atural 
R eso u rces 
P lan n in g 
Commission and of the 
National Research Coun­ cil’s Advisory Committee on Hazardous Materials to the U.S. Coast Guard 
Division of C hem istry and C h em ical T e ch n o ­ logy. 

McKetta is a member of the S ta te of T e xa s 
G o v e rn o r’s 
Advisory 
Commission on Energy and was formerly chair­ man of the Texas Atomic 
E n erg y Advisory C om ­ mittee. 

During his 3o years as a member of the UT fa­ cu lty, 
M cK etta has served as executive Vici chancellor for academic affairs for the UT system and dean of the UT Col­ lege of Engineering. His bachelor’s, m aster’s and doctoral d e g re e s are from the U n iversity of 
Michigan. 
Bennie's Rth si rn 
MMHMw SAE 

23" CONSOLE SPECIAL 

* Chromacoior Picture Tube 

* 1oo% Solid-State Chassis 
* Power Sentry Voltage 
Regulating System 
* Solid-State Super Video 
Rang* Tuning System 
* Synchromatic 7o-Position 
UNF Channel Selector 

ONLY 
$5I8 

WITH COLOR TV TRADE 

(EASY TERMS) 

PO RTABLE 
BAW TV 
7995 

3 -O N L Y 
TV’S NOW SPECIALLY PRICED! COME ON IN! 

2o CURIO FOOT 
SIDE BY SIDE 

Budget Priced 
Heavy Duty 
WASHER 
WHILE THEY LAST! 
*249. 

WHIR 
I-ONLY 
REG. $689 

MICROWAVE OVEN 

WITH AUTOMATIC DEFROST 

2-ONLY SOQQ 
REG. $299 
A 
W 
# 

2o CUBIC FOOT TOP 
FREEZER 

HARVEST GOU) 
I-ONLY 
REG. $669 *478 

REFRIGERATOR 
WITH DISPENSER DOOR 

RIG. $999.95 
DEMO 
*739 

USED 14 FT. CHIST 
FREEZER 
- *88 

SAVE! 
ONE ONLY, 
PRIOR YEAR 
MODEL 
12,7oo BTU AIR 
CONDITIONER 

REG. 
‘4 6 9 *299 

21 CUBIC FT. UPRIGHT 
FREEZER 

I-ONLY 
REG. $399 *338 

Heavy Duty 18 Lb. 
LAUNDRY PAIR 

Pampers Knits & 
Other Fabrics. Cold 
Wash & Cold Rinse! 

•TW# mow**** paym ent (Ko m n it a v o il a b t. a n d * r aw, m alar pwrctMMa bu d g et pion only. t a t * m onthly p a y ­ m ent Include, .e tc . tee end FINANCE CHAROS. A FINANCE CHAROS .IM b e impeded Fee eny current bitting period In which there I* e b etorn * ew ing b e n eny brier billing period (th e Preview* R elen t#), unto** p a y ­ m ent. or ether cred it, received brier to the end e t (web current hilling g eried or em ceed the Previous 
R elent#. FINANCE CHARGE wilt he cem guted et e Periodic R et# e t I H % en the Hrtt SJOO OO e t the 
Preview. Adience end 1% en the emewnt e v e r RSOO.OO. which e re the egu iveien t e t ANNUAL PERCENTAGE 
RATES e t 19% end 13% r e j e c t ! rely 

ELECTRIC 
DRYER 

WHITE 
LOWLY 
REG. $289 *218 

18 LR. DELUXE 
WASHER 
*298 

AVOCADO 
I-OMV 
AIG. H i t 

LIMITED 
QUANTITIES 
WHILE THEY 
LAST 

1 3 ” 
PORTABLE 
COLOR TV 
*288°° 

15 CUBIC FOOT CHEST 
FREEZER 

SCRATCHED 
REG $319 *238 

17 CUBIC FOOT FROST PROOF 
REFRIGERATOR 
WHITE, HARVEST GOLD, AVOCADO 

Hoot MOOIU 
MG fSM 
‘4o9 

3o" ELECTRIC CLEAN ouo« RANGE 
AVOCADO # rn rn 
LOWLY 
REG. $649 
- W W # 

18 LB. ELECTRIC 
DRYER 

AVOCADO 
1-OWU 
REG $299 *228 
BENNIE’S TV 
AND APPLIANCE 
13227 NACO GDO CHES a 6 5 5 -4 3 8 9 
OMN 9 A M. IO 6 F M DAUT a 9 A.M IO I PJL UtUEDAY 

SPECIAL HOURS 
FRI. 9:oo A.M.- 
9:oo P.M. 

SAN ANTO NIO EXPRESS— Thursday March 3 1977 

Gas settlement refund urged 

San Antonio Manufacturers Assn. has urged 
City Council to refund all funds from any settlem ent between City Public Service and 
Coastal States Gas Corp. 

“ All utility users in the metropolitan San 
Antonio area have been burdened with the passthrough charges and are certainly entitled to some compensation as a result of any finan­ cial settlement,” the manufacturers said. 

The association said, in the letter to the council, if the money is not refunded it then urges it be set aside in a special account and both principal and any interest be used for power generating facilities which will benefit all utility customers. 

M arket upthrust fails 

DOW JO N ES INDUSTR IAL AVERAGE 

NEW V O R K ( A P ) - 
T h e s t o c k m a r k e t s t r a i n e d W e d n e s d a y to k e e p its re c e n t u p w a r d m o m e n t u m b u t f a i l e d , ending on the down side. 
The Dow Jo n es av e rag e of JO i n d u s t r i a l s t o c k s w a s off 2.HH p o i n t s to 
942.o7 at t h e c lo s e . On 
Tu esd ay, it had j u m p e d 
8 .JI p o in ts, its h i g h e s t gain of the year. 
L o s e r s n u d g e d p a s t g a i n e r s in th e o v e r - a l l ta lly on t h e New Y o r k 
Stock Exchange. 
Dig Board vo lume was 
18.o1 million s h a r e s in a d u ll t r a d i n g s e s s i o n , 

 down from the 19.48 m i l ­ lion recorded Tuesday. 
T h e Dow s t a r t e d t h e day higher, continuing a r a l l y t h a t b e g a n l a t e 
M o n d a y , b u t p e a k e d w hen it was up m o re th a n two points. 
“ T h e a n a l y s t s h a d cautioned that T u e s d a y ’s technical rally lacked the s t r e n g t h to c o n t i n u e . 
T h e r e w a s n o t e n o u g h b u y i n g , ’’ o b s e r v e d 
Charles Jensen of Mer kin 
& Co. “ And a rally th at fails usually goe s lower th a n t h e p r e v i o u s d e ­ cline.” 
T r a d e r s , w atc h in g the 

 r a l l y fi zzle a b o u t m i d ­ d a y , a p p a r e n t l y to o k t h e i r l o s s e s a n d s o l d , pushing the m a r k e t down even more. 
“ W e're in a down m a r ­ k e t , a n d w h a t w e ’re s e e i n g is n e r v o u s selling,” J e n s e n said. 
Stock m a r k e t w a tc h e rs c o m m e n t e d t h a t i n v e s ­ tors. a fr a id of m o r e i n ­ flation, the effects of bad w ea th e r on fi rst -q u a rt e r profits, and w a ry of the 
C a r t e r a d m i n i s t r a t i o n ' s e c o n o m i c poli cie s, still w e r e n ’t c o n v i n c e d to 
“ get in there and b u y .” 
S t a n d a r d & P o o r 's in ­ 

 d e x of 4*11) i n d u s t r i a l s t o c k s d r o p p e d . J J to 
111.72. a n d 
S & P ' s 
5oo-stock c o m p o s i t e i n ­ d ex w a s d o w n 
.27 to 
1oo.29. 
M a r r i o t t t o p p e d t h e active list as of the 4 p.m. 
E S T close of the NYSE, down 1 1 at 1o> 4. 
Pi! rn w a y s , se c o n d on the list, was up at 9:i}. 
Coca-Cola was ahead \ h a t 797y a f t e r r e p o r t i n g h i g h e r f o u r t h - q u a r t e r profits. 

21 

JAN 

 ll n)8 

FEBRUARY 
25 

IO I O f 

1ooo| 

• • 
99*1 t 

* 
; 98o I 

• 
9/o I 

96o I 

9‘jO I 

94o 

91o I 

92o ; 

91o 

9(H) I 

89o I 

4 88o 
MAR 

M I 
I f 

Business end Finance 
......... 
— 
« r 
1 
1 
1 
1 
1 
1 
1 

MUZAK® programming helps my customers to relax and enjoy their meal. 
Luke Poslolos 
Manager 
^ 
San Francisco Steak H o u s e j 

I 
6IIIII 

FEA cuts ceiling price of crude 

WASHINGTON (A P) - T h e F e d e r a l 
E n e r g y A d m in i st ra ti o n said W e d n e s ­ day it is reducing the ceiling p rice for dom es tic cr u d e oil by 45 cen ts a b a r r e l for the next five mo n th s to m a k e u p for excessively high ceilings last year. 

Pe ter Luedtke. an assista n t g e n e ra l counsel for F E A , said th e i m p a c t on c o n s u m e r p r i c e s w o u l d b e s m a l l , shav ing only a b o u t o n e - q u a r t e r of a cent p e r gallon fr o m th e c o st of oil 

 when av erag ed over the n a ti o n ’s total supply. 
Since F e b r u a r y 1978. th e F E A h a s set a series of g ra d u a l ly ri s in g p ric e ceilings on c r u d e oil as r e q u i r e d by 
Congress, following rules for r e s t r a i n ­ ing the av e rag e price. 
To avoid windfal l p ro fits for c o m ­ panies with low-cost oil from old wells, 
F E A h a s s e t tw o c e i l i n g p r i c e s , a 
“ lowertier” price for this old oil, an d an “ u p p e r-tie r” p rice ab out twice as 

 high for newer oil.To keep the a v e r a g e price moving u pw ard at ju st the right slow pace, F E A has had to e s t i m a t e how m uch old oil and new oil would be produced at the two dif ferent prices. 
Th e agency found late last y e a r th at its e s t i m a t e s hav e b ee n s l ig h tly off, perm it ti ng the a v e ra g e pri ce to rise too high. 
By t h e e n d of D e c e m b e r , s a i d 
Luedtke. oil p r o d u c e r s h a d co ll ected som e $22o million m o r e th a n F E A in­ 

 tended. an amoun t equivalent to only one or two p e rc e n t of t h e i r total oil receipts. 

Last Jan. I. the agency cut 2o cents from the “ u pper- tie r” price ceiling to begin correcting the a v e ra g e price. 

The latest move, c u tt in g the p rice another 45 cents pe r barrel, is to apply throughout M a r c h , April, May, J u n e and July, he said. 

London gold in 
$3 jump 

LONDON (A P) - Gold s u r g e d to a 1 5 - m o n t h hig h in 
L o n d o n 
W e d n e s d a y , g a i n i n g $2 an o u n c e to c l o s e a t 
$144,625 a few h o u r s a head of the latest gold auction in Washington. 
In Z u r i c h . E u r o p e ' s o t h e r m a i n b u l l i o n center, the yellow metal gained $2,75o from T u e s ­ day to close at $145,125. 

It was the highest Eon- don c lo s in g p r i c e s in c e 
; Nov. 8 . 1975. when gold closed at $145.9*1. 
D e a l e r s sa id s p e c u l a ­ tors and in v e s to r s w e re r e t u r n i n g to E u r o p e ’s gold m a r k e ts for the first t i m e s i n c e D e c e m b e r 
1974 when a new U.S. law- m a d e it legal for A m e r ­ icans to trad e in the bul­ lion. 

T h e W e d n e s d a y a u c ­ tion was the latest in the 
I n t e r n a t i o n a l M o n e t a r y 
Fu n d s sale of 25 million ounces to ra ise d e v e lo p ­ ment fund s for poor n a ­ tions. The se rie s of a u c ­ ti o n s s t a r t e d in t h e spring of 1975. 

VALLEY PARK 
FOODS 

6126 WURZBACH 

C O R N E R of W U R Z B A C H & E V E R S 

O P E N 2 4 H O U R S E V E R Y D A Y ! 

P R I C E S G O O D T H R U S A T . , M A R C H 5 t h 

F R E S H P I C N I C S H O U L D E R C U T 

S O B R I N O ’ S 
O O O 

M 
R | ® 
o iI ] L R J | Y 1 
. . 
7243 BLANCO ROAD dT^ 

A 
L 
M O N D A Y thru S A T U R D A Y 8 o . m to 9 p m 

S U N D A Y S 9 a rn. l o 8 r m 

PLAZA 
SOOPERS 

11441 PERRIN-BEITEL 

C O R N E R of N a c o Perrin 

 a n d Perrin Beitel 

O P E N 7 a .r n . to M I D N I G H T E V E R Y D A Y ! 

W E W E L C O M E F O O D S T A M P C U S T O M E R S 

W H O LE C R Y -O -V A C W R A P P ED 
PORK 
ROAST 

U S D A Choice 
Boneless 
C h u c k Roast 

C h u c k Steak USMCho" 

Red S n a p p e r 

Little Sizzlers 

G r o u n d Beef 

D E C K E R S U C E D 
SLAB 
BACON 

SAVE WITH VALUE PRICES ON FROZEN FOODS 

F R E S H F R O Z E N 
TS ORANGE 
JUICE 

V e g e ta b le s 

Corn & Peas S S r t e 
4 ?1 r n 
C A N S 
3 ® 

Kraft 
Miniature 

IOO, 
3 3 c 

H u n t's Tom atoes 

M a rs h m a llo w s 

H orm el S p a m 

Peaches t e n 

Pork & Beans 
Van Comp s 

1 4 ’ 2-O z 
Cons 
4 

1 o b O x 
Pkg* 

12-Oz 
C o n 

2 9 - O z . 
C o n 

16-Ot. 
Cons 

$1 

$1 

98c 

38c 

$1 

KRAFT QUARTERED 

Pineapples 

Broccoli bogo $i«A 

R o m a in e Lettuce 

M ich ig a n P e at 

PARKAY 
MARGARINE 

I - L B . 

C T R 

 rn 
C O M P L E T E IN -S T O R E H O T B A K E R Y ! 

F R E S H B A K E D 
CHOCOLATE 
BROWNIES 
D O Z E N 

3 
1 LB loaves 
French B read 

P e a n u t B u tte r Cookies 

A n g e l Food C a k e t4mh 

DECORATED CAKES MADE TO ORDER 
FOR EVERY OCCASION! 

D o zen 

 lash 

$1 

‘ I 
98c 

Viet loan eyed 

WASHINGTON POST StRVICf 

WASHINGTON - T h e World Ban k rep or ted W e d n e sd a y it has u n d e r co n­ sid erati o n r e q u e s t s by V ie tn a m for subsidized loan s to help reb uild its war-torn economy. 
A b a n k mission, which r e tu rn e d to 
Washington last w eek after sp en d in g about a m o n th in Hanoi and els ewhere in V ietn a m , describ ed its visit “ as a useful an d c o n stru c tiv e start to the b a n k 's relati on ship with unified Viet­ n a m . " 
Pri v ate ly , b an k so u r c e s said it is c le ar the outlook for a loan is good. 
In a formal pre ss release, itself an indication of a positive reaction by b ank off icials. \ i e t n a m e s e officials w e r e q u o t e d a s c o n s i d e r i n g t h e i r country “ to be part of an e x p a n d in g international tr a d in g s y s t e m . ” 
V ie tn a m e se le ade rs who met with the han k mission also said they “ look forward to c onstru cti ve eco no mic e x ­ c h a n g e s with all c o u n tr ie s .” 
Accepted m em ber 
T h e Socialis t R e p u b l i c of V i e tn a m was ac cepted as a m e m b e r of both the 
W o r l d B a n k a n d t h e I n t e r n a t i o n a l 
Monetary Fu n d last fall, iii place of the f o r m e r Saigon g o v e r n m e n t , ov er o b ­ jections by th e Fn ited States. 
S o u r c e s s a i d W e d n e s d a y th e on ly m a j o r c o u n t r y th a t m i g h t h a v e “ a p r o b l e m ” approv ing a loan to V ie tn am would be th e C S. until so m e p ro g re ss is m a d e on the touchy question of p e r ­ 

 sons m issin g in action d u r i n g th e war. 
A T r e a s u r y official s a i d . “ W e h a ­ ven't vet faced the specific decision of w h a t we do ab ou t a loan to V ie tn a m , but o u r t e n d e n c y w o u ld be to view l e n d i n g to V i e t n a m on e c o n o m i c g rounds, and to rely on intern atio nal institutions.” 
T h e seven-m an World B ank mission a p p a r e n t l y w a s i m p r e s s e d by t h e 
V ie tn a m e se g o v e r n m e n t ’s s u c c e s s in m e e t i n g b a s i c food n e e d s , in p a r t th rough im port s. It now ba s p la n s to e xpand a g ric u ltu ra l p roductio n r a p i d ­ ly. achieving c‘»U-efficiency in ri ce by 
198o. 
One g u ess at the World B ank — by an official who stressed that it is very pre lim in a ry — w as that a loan in the ra n g e of $1o1) to $2oo million over two to three y e a rs m ig h t be consi dered. 
Expressway link construction O kd 
Allan Const ruction Co. of Sun A n­ tonio h a s r e c e i v e d a c o n t r a c t for construction of a section of IH27 in 
B e x a r C o u n t y fo r t h e low b id of 
$1,987,848.18 
T he section ex te n d s 7.8 m ile s from 
FM 1518 to F M 528. It is a n o th e r link in bih27 vvTiieh, when c o m p le te d , will provide e x p re s sw a y front San Antonio to Corpus Christi. 
'Phi* a w a rd w a s m a d e by the State 
Highway a n d T r a n sp o r ta t io n C o m m i s ­ sion recently in Austin. 
W inter rough on area cattle 

3 8 * 

98.1 

T h e p a s t w i n t e r h a s b e e n p r e t t y r o u g h on cattle, Robert Sehludoer, an em p lo y e of the Rose 
R a n c h n e a r C o m f o r t , said this week. 
He brough t in five head of cuttle from the ra n c h this week for sale. 
T h e c o m b i n a t i o n of cold and wet w e a th e r was the big factor in m a k i n g things rough on the c u t­ tle. he said. 
Ile r e m a r k e d t h a t it still has been toil cold for g r a s s to s t a r t g r o w i n g well a round C omfort. Ile sai d t h e r e is su ffic ie n t m o istu re for th e g r a s s to grow if w a r m nights au d davs do s t a r t prevailing. 
He w a r n e d t h a t t h e m o istu re would not last long, howev er, if the high winds of a couple of days last w e e k blew for an ex te nde d time. 
Beefm asters 
T h e g r a n d c h a m p i o n bull iii th e th i rd a n n u a l 
South T e x a s Beet m a s t e r 
B r e e d e r s 
A s s o c i a t i o n 
F u tu r it y in Houston was s h o w n b y M ill C r e e k 
B e e f m a s t e r s . o w n e d by 
Walte r White of Mason. 
T h e c h a m p i o n broug ht 
$6 IMM) from the Kaffir 
B r o t h e r s of 
C o r p u s 
C h r i s t i in t h e s a l e t h a t followed th e judg ing . 
J . E R h o d e s of Devine c o n s i g n e d t h e r e s e r v e c h a m p i o n h u l l , w h i c h was p u rc h a s e d by T ra v is 
Vol I n u r i n g of In e z for 
$5 IMH) 
Keystone B e e fm a s te r s , 
P e a r s a l l , o w n e d bv Les 
A r m s tr o n g of San A nto n­ io. o w n e d t h e g r a n d 

CATTLE 
CLATTER 
Bv 
BUX ( CUNINGHAM 
A$nruhurr Niter 

 c h a m p i o n fem ale. 
Voll- in e rin g bou gh t it for 
$5,ooo. 
C u u r e n l u 
R a n c h of 
M uldoo n paid $2,2oo for t h e r e s e r v e c h a m p i o n f e m a l e , e n t e r e d by 
W a y n e M i l l e r of T h r e e 
Rivers. 
Forty-seven head w ere e n ter e d in the futurity. 
Bert an d R u ben Reye s w ere sale managers and au ctioneers . 

Blossom (ours 

Gillespie County peach o r c h a r d o w n e r s e x p e c t t h e t r e e s to b e in full b lo o m for t h e n ex t two w e e k e n d s , a c c o r d i n g to 
D r. Jerry P a r s o n , Dis- trill 12 vegetable spociu* list, T e x a s A g r i c u l t u r a l 
E xtension Serv ice, 
D r. P a r s o n s s a i d t h e 
F r e d e r i c k s b u r g 
Iliu m - i>er of C o m m e r c e , most of the motels an d LBJ 
B a rk n ea r 
Stonewall w o u l d h a v e m a p s to 

$13,ooo Rent Free 

Office Space 

4,5 oo Sq. Ft. • Prestige location 
Northwest 

C a l l 3 4 9 - 1 4 5 3 

 g u i d e t o u r i s t s to t h e peach bloom cente rs . 
Big bull 
T h e B r a h m a n bull w as big, an d y a r d w o rk e rs at t h e C n i o n S t o c k Y a r d s g a v e h im a wide berth as soon as they spot ted him in t h e t r a i l e r of M i k e 
M e l e n e s k of S u t h e r l a n d 
S prings. 
But all the caution was not n e c e ss a ry . Melenesk waved a c ane in the b ull’s face, and it m o v e d c a l m ­ ly into the de sire d pen. 
Melenesk said the b u l l s o m e t i m e s w ould s t a n d still a m i n u te a nd sh ake his h e a d . B ut w he n th e w a lk in g stic k a p p e a r e d , th e bull would go w he re it w a s s u p pos e d to go. 
"I backed h im into the c h u te y e ste rda y with this s tic k ,’’ he said. 
M e le n e sk sa i d he had b e e n w o r k i n g h i s l a n d an d now he w a s re ady for about an inch of rain. 
He w a s w o r r i e d 
W e d n e s d a y a b o u t th e c h an c e s of a n o th e r da y or two of higii w in ds to dr> out th e fields. 
1,o25 cattle 
W e d n e s d a y w as a m o ­ d e r a t e d ay ut t h e I n ion 
S t o c k Y a r d s fo r c a l i l i deliveries. 
W e d n e s d a y receipt* w e r e e s t i m a t e d at 1.925 c a t t l e au d IOO hogs. R e ­ ceipts for the w eek w e n e s t i m a t e d ut 4,o25 c a u l i and 95o hogs. 
T o t a l s f o r t h e firsl t h r e e d a y s l a s t w ee k w e r e 5,292 c a t t l e a n c 
2,oo8 h o g s a u d fo r 1 c o r r e sp o n d in g three day* 
In 1978 w ere 8,891 cultli anti 58o hogs 

M arketpla ce 

L u n e S t a r L i v e s t o c k 

I o i i i n i i s s l o n ( o . 

H a t e E v e r * 
I b u r s a t I t 

I 
► 
H e l v e ) 
B 
G r o f f 
|_ mum 

G N U 
I H I A K S 

> I W h e e l D r i v e , s h o r t J 

L o o k 
W h e e l H o s e V o n 
•toras It suburban , 

K N D U 
L A H O N 

P o n t i a c , G A U 

------------------- 
E x v l m h w i n 
S a n 
A n t o n i o 

N«.V( Y o rk (A i- , 
W ednsciay's national prices tor 
N ew 
Y o rk 
Stock 
Exchange issues as of 
N Y S E close 
P rices and volum e consolidated tor securities also traded on other m a rk e ts 

 a c e md I so 8 
17 
3 4 ', 
.34' , 
34 u A- 
A J In d 
7 
28 
4 ' . 
4 H 
A H 
A M F 
124 11 286 
77 
71H 
21H — 
U 
A P L Cp 
I 
6 
37 
U H 
U H 
1 4 ', — u 
A R ASv 
I 3? l l 
12 
43G 
43 H 
AJG 
A SA L td 
® 
423 
TTH 
22 
2?’ , + i i . 
A TOInc 
4o 
6 
57 
1oJ , 
TO 
IO' • - 
A b b tL ab 
I 14 ll? 
4 5H 
4 5 ', 
45' 7 I 
I . 
Acm nClv 5o 7? 
15 
I I H 
U U 
I I H x 
4y 
Adm Da 
o-1 s 
4 
3 
3 
3 
A d m F * E lse 
58 
12 
I I H 
I? 
Adm M i I o5a 
8 
4 
4 H 
4 U 
4' a 
Addrssg 
Top 
Ad n a L f 1 2o 
1918? 
U H 
I? 
U U 
8 733 
JOH 
79H 
3o t i . 
A quirrc 
5 
I U , 
U U 
U H ­ nj 
Ahm ans 
7? 
5 
47 
16 hi 
16 
U H f 
1 4 
Adeem 
65 
17 
3G 
3 
31, 1 
Air P rod 
7ob 
13391 
3o’ , 
JOU 
3 o ), t 
I , 
A irb n F rt 6o 12 
77 
U U 
14*. 
U H " 
A.rco 
I 15 
6 
TO 
JOU 
3o 
3o 
- 
1. 
A k/Ona I 7o A1 
53 
U H 
U U 
U ' . 
A laG as I TR 
8 
8 
16 
16 
16 
A iaP pf l l 
V 1ooU 3U 
113 
113 
- 
'N 
A G P p f8 16 
*1oo 
9os, 
9 oH 
9o’ , 
A iaP pts 78 y3o 
9o 
9o 
9o 
4 t i . 
A laskln 61P 
7 1o2 
U H 
17' I 
1 7*. ♦ 
1 
A lbertoC 36 IS 
7 
6 G 
6H 
6 G 4 
I , 
A lbertsn 
77 
9 779 
TO 
W G 
TO 
4 
1 4 
A icanA lu 8o 73 67o 
76 G 
76' / 
76 H 
AlcoStd 
96 
6 
54 
TOH 
7o 
TO 
- 
' a 
A lconLb 37 14 
73 
W G 
19'? 
19' ?- lr 
Alpxdrs 36p 
6 
9 
6' / 
6 H 
6 H - 
1, 
AllpgCp 9oe 14 
18 
I? 
U U 
1? 
Al t a i ud 
I 
73 
74 G 
74’ J 
JAG 4 
H 
A llqLnd pl 3 ll 
A? 
41' / 
A? f 
N 
A llqP w I to 
8 
1o6 
21’ . 
71' z 
21* , 4 
' , 
AHenG rp TO 
7 ll 
13 G 
TOH 
1 3 H - 
Ay 
A lld O i I 8o 
TO 289 
TOH 
4 5 '• 
A5' a - 
A lld M n t 
64 
I 
13 
13H 
13 
U H 
Al Id P rod 6o 2? 
9 
U U 
I I H 
I I H — 
' f 
A iidS tr 
I SD 
6 
58 
4 3 '. 
4 2 ', 
A2G— 
And Sup 
18 
3' a 
3 
3'a 
AiiisChei 9o 
6 546 
26 
25’ ? 
26 
A u 
A llrtA u t 
6o 
8 
5 
S H 
S H 
S U 
A lphP rt 
7? 
4 
37 
16H 
16’ « 
U U 4 
I , 
Alcoa 
I 4o 
13 774 
5 4 ', 
53-G 
5 3*. 
A m lSug 
3 
7 
15 
35 
34’ / 
3A' ? - i i 
Am a * 
I 75 I? 741 
5o’ , 
5 o '. 
TOU - 
A m a * pf 
3 
44 
53*. 
TOU 
5 3 * , - 
H 
A M B A C 
I 
8 
3o 
2 3 '. 
2 3*, 
2 3 H - 
H 
A m erce I 7o 
I 
5 
W H 
W H 
19 V , - 
' , 
AHess 
6o 
8 4oo 
3 3 ', 
37H 
3?H - 
4? 
AMus pf 3 5o 
748 
73 U 
77' 7 
72*4 
1 
AAU T ilt 
56 
TO 
46 
7o’ . 
TOH 
TOH t 
' , 
A m A ir 
5 473 
TOG 
IO’ / 
TOH 
A m ro rd 
6o 
9 
53 
U H 
12* . 
U H 4 
' a 
A m B a k er 
I 
5 
J 
U 
14 
14 
4 
H 
A Brnds 7 9? TO 
99 
45 
44H 
AA' ? - 
A Bdcst 
I 
16 734 
39H 
39 H 
3 9 * ,- 
I J 
Am B ld M 5o 
7 
6 
TOH 
IO *. 
1oH 
A m e an 7 AO 
8 
151 
39 H 
39 
3 93 ,4 
AC an p l l 75 
4 
73U 
23 
23 
A Cen try 
7 
7' < 
2 U 
? G 
A m e red 81o 5 
47 
17’ , 
16’ , 
17 
4 
H 
A Cyan 
I 5o 
IO 587 
TSH 
TSU 
28’ 
- 
Ut 
A m D i5tl 
13 
18 
IV / n u 
I U , * 
' I 
A Dis! Tai 84 ll 
ST 
76 H 
TOH 
76*8 4 
' A 
A D u a lV i 
9 
TU 
7G 
7U 
A Du! pf 84a 
4 
13H 
13H 
U H 
A E IP w 
2o6 
9 787 
74 
73*. 
23* x - I U 
AF a m ity TO 
7 
19 
U U 
14 
IA U 4 
A m FnS ys 
9 
31 
3 G 
3 H 
3 H - 
G 
AmF mSv pf 
/IOO ll ll 
11 
4 
'» 
AGI Bd I 96e 
49 
24’ , 
74 H 
74*8 - 
1, 
AG enCv I 3? 
72 
IT H 
17’ / 
17’ ? - 
H 
A G enln s 68 
• 
57 
W U 
U G 
18’ , - 
AG nln pf I 8o 
23 
76 U 
26 
2 6 'a A U 
Am HO'St 
I 
5 1o5 
71U 
TOH 
2o ' , - 
*i 
A m H om 1 TO 18617 
3 IH 
3 1 ', 
3 1 ', - 
U 
A Hom ppl? 
I 
14o 
14o 
I AO 
A m H is p 
TO IS 491 
26H 
TOH 
76'J 4 
”, 
Am In VS' 
2o 
8 
17 
4 ’ , 
4G 
A *. 
AM M I'C l 
74 
8 774 
1? ', 
17 
17U 4 
H 
AM*>drp 
IO 
5 
ITO 
I * . 
S H 
8 ’ 7 
Am M otrC 
6 
I U 
4 G 
4' a 
A H - 
H 
A N a tR ? 6 t 
8 723 
4?H 
4? 
A? 
- 
' n a rn Seat 
4o ll 
2 
TOH 
TOH 
IO U a Ship 
JO. 
6 
19 
I I H l l '? 
H U ­ 
' ie 
Arnsm d 1 5o 
7 
54 
7 7 '. 
77 
TT 
- 
U 
AStd p i t 75 
5 
75 
Ta u 
7 4 4 , i 4 
A m S teril JO 15 769 
9 
S H 
8 ’ . x 
”, 
A n .S irs I 9o 
6 
14 
33’ , 
33' ? 
3 3H 4 j . 
ATT a TO 1o175? 
6 3 '. 
63G 
63’ a- 
' * 
A T T pl 
I 
45 
67 G 
67' / 
67' ? 
A TT pf 3 64 
*2o 
W G 
49 
4 9 '. * 
H 
AT T pf 3 71 
63 
TOU 
TOU 
SOU 
A W at Wk 
76 
6 
5 
U H 
U G 
!?4, — ' • 
A W a' pi I 25 
7 4oo 
U H 
U H 
U H 
Am eron 
I 
7 
13 
17’ . 
17*. 
174. 4 
U 
A m e sD lie 
5 
I 
I I H 
I I H 
I I H 
A m etek I TO TO 
45 
T9 
7 8 *, 
78’ . 4 
H 
A", lac 
1 
8 
87 
IS H 
15' / 
15' ? - 
A M IC 
O81 
6 
25 
14 H 
14 
U U 
A M P In c 
AM ie 
561 
25 H 
25 
254, 4 u 
Am pco 
6o 
9 
I ll H 
I U , 
114, 
A m pexC p i i 
89 
7 H 
7 *. 
T U ­ 
A m r epCp 
25 
1H 
1H 
T U 
Am si ar I 35 
6 
116 
2 5H 
2 5H 
7 5 ' . - 
' a 
Arris! pf 
68 
15 
B H 
S U 
8 G - 
' , 
A n .s' pf? 65 
I 
69' / 
69 / 
69' 7 * 7 U 
Am shta 
7 
8 
13 
TOH 
TOU 
A6 H 4 
' ? 
A m let 
36 
9 
8 
7 
7 
7 
- 
' a 
Aneth-M 1 SO 
7 
15 
77*. 
27 H 
774, ♦ 
'a 
AndC lay 
1 
9 
5 
25 
25 
25 
A.ignlica 
?.» 
9 
56 
6 H 
6 ' , 
6 * . 
A nixler 
TO 7 
19 
6 H 
6H 
6* « - 
'■ 
AnsulCo 531 
8 
7 H 
TU 
7 U 
A pache 
TO 
8 
71 
19 / 
19 
W 
4 
A PC'(O'1 
9 
IO 
TOU 
TO 
35 
- 
ApncoCp 
7? 
7 
I U 
I U 
A pP A pts I? 
/IO 
9o’ ? 
TO / 
9 o H - I U 
Aj : P a pf 7 TO 
/61oo 8? , 
81’ / 
8 1 '? - 7 
ApldD'O 
TO 743 
U H 
U U 
17U 4 
G 
A p id D ia p it 
32? 
78'« 
77'? 
774, 4 
4. a up 1 M g 
IO 
5 
3 
3 
3 
- 
•a 
Arc a 'a N 6o 
7 
14 
U H 
U H 
IA H 
Arch D a n TO 8 
177 
U H 
IS 
184.4 
Arc tic E nt 
I 
IO 
4' , 
4 
AH 
Ar I st ar 
166 
3 H 
3 
3 , 4 
'a 
A ri/P S v I AH 
41? l f / 
U U 
IS’ /4 
G 
Ari Pp! IO 7o 
/TO 
115*. tis 
1154. 
Ark Best 
57b 6 
9 
H H n u 
11' / 4 
Ar k l Gs I 8o 
9 
5? 
3? 
31 *. 
314. 
A rte n R ty 
38 
7 *. 
2 H 
?4« 
A rm .>da 
9 
TO 
5 
5 
5 
- 
A rm eo I 8o 
I 
738 
79 
28* . 
78 U 4 
A rm s tC k 
I ll 
315 
73 H 
TOH 
72’ ? - 
H 
ArmC p l 3 7S 
/IO 
51 
51 
SI 
A rm R o 
I 
4 
TO 
TOH 
TO 
25 
Alo Corp lb 
7 
5 
IT’ . 
17'? 
U H 4 
G 
A rvin 
S?e 
5 
4o 
17*. 
U H 
U H 
Ar vin m p l 7 
74 
79 
28 G 
J I* . 
11 
Asarco 
8o 1? 779 
U U 
U H 
1 8 U - 
'a 
Ash'O 'l I VO 
7 119 
33H 
33 H 
33H 
AsdDi G 1 5o TO 
14 
3o 
7 9*. 
3o 
4 
' n 
Am ione 
8o 
5 
7 
1 3 '. 
IJ H 
1 3 '. 
Atle o M 'g 
13 
J U 
J U 
2>, 
A tlC yC I I 67 
9 
28 
77’ . 
27H 
7 2U - 
U 
A It Rich 1 6o ll 
546 
54 U 
53’ . 
5 4 '? * 
•a 
AtlRc p»J 76 
/JIO 
5 7 '/ 
52 
52' ? . 
' i 
AtlRc pf J BO 
H6 
AR 
4 7H 
67’ . 4 h 
AtiasCp 
I? 
54 
W H 
19' / 
19*. 4 
1, 
A utoD ta 
24 
17 713 
TOU 
TO). 
27’ # - 
' . 
A nim Inc! 24 
6 
36 
TU 
TU 
7 G - 
1 f. 
A vc OC p 
3 416 
U H 
U U 
1 4 ', - i» 
A v co C p w t 
IT 
I 
15 1615 16 
1/ 
AvcoCp pf 
A very int 36 
5 
15* / 
4 5 '. 
45' ? 4 
' A 
IT 
75 
7 7 '. 
J? 
72 
Avis Inf TO 
6 
67 
13 / 
U H 
13' / 4 
'N 
A yne! Inc 6t 
6 775 
U H 
U H 
1 7 * ,- 
' I 
AvOnPd 
J 16 743 
46’ , 
4 5 *. 
4 5 4 .- w 

HT M ig 
TV 
FhxbckW I XI I HS 
Burh*- 
AO” 
6 
16 
B a ke r In 
36 9 
/? 
B akr Intl 
47 I ] 1/5 
Hull f i t 
SO 
6 
19 
B ally V t n 
26 6S1 
Hull G I 
7 oS 
( 4 8 1 
Bull p l a t 5o 
/12 o 
B a n c a tO 26 345 
Bandog 
3o IO 
47 
H nngptif 
5 
63 
B anP p l I 25 
I 
BunP pl 
7 
9 
B k o lN Y 2 I? 
6 
HS 
H4oIV U 
SS 
6 
J? 
H,«it. Am 8o 111o67 ll,in k TI 
J 6 1i4 
Fft.kT p l7 5o n 
H arhO 'l I 6o 
78 
H u rijf R 
JI 12 15J 
Buri is& p 8o 
7 
J 
Bush Inc 
I 
5 
79 
Huv < ut2 5o c lio 
Buies V t 
8o 33 
It 
B a u s o n 
H O 116 
B a .tT r v 71 18 736 
B uyS tG I 88 
6 
I 
BuykC ig 
74 18 
7 
B earing 
B e d lid s 
B x k m n 
Bec lO ck 
Hum hA 
I 
Bek ar 
JU 
B e lto P 
7oe 
B rtden I 17 
BcH an H IM 

M IO 1o1 
8 t <7 6 /7 
37 16 
95 
4o U< 1o7 31 
37 
61 
177 
14 
J 
B e llH o w 84 79 ?18 
Bell Ceja IO * 
Be - i s 
I TO 
Bandi x 
7 
B e tti'CP I to 
Benet pf 4 JO 
Bm na p l 4 IO 
Bn! S IV 

7 
25 
7 
4 
9 a 
5 777 
14 
/IOO 
I 
B e n g 'B o7e 15 485 
B e rk e y ? 
B tk 'P d 
Bt th SH 
Big Three 
Blat k Dr 
B lan In ■ 

724 
8 
75 
7 
9 496 
4o 17 
SI 
8 16 58o 
64 
6 
J4 
B iivsl nu I Ok 
/ 
Bloc k HH 
1 779 91 
B iu tH -H 
I 
6 139 
Bluetit a o5e 
7 
12 
Bonte •B ' 
31 
Hoemu 
I A) 
9 681 
Bol sties I IO IO 569 
Bk V o th I IO IO 
J 
Borden 
I 4o 9 t i / 
Bor A e r I it) 
Bor m um . 
B o -E d 
7 
Hast Bib 88 
Bos* pc I 17 
H o s t P f I 46 
Br un ill 
14 
Brat/ttC I 6o 
B rig sir 
97 IJ 
B r ts lV , 7 2o l l 154 
B f I V pl 7 
IO 
Br n P i I 
Xii TO 3/4 
Brl. AGI I 4o 6 
19 
B k ly U G I *7 9 
17 
Bk UG pl 7 47 
9 
B w nV srp JO 71 
J 
B row nC H r l l 
R w nG p I 4o 
8 

8 
48 
5 
18 
IO 
19 
/IOO 
77 
TO 
J 359 
I 
IS 

Bowne ta 4o l l 15o 
Br un,W k 
B m s h A 
I 
7 
Bur y l f 
V 
17 
B .d o t u I TO 
4 
B let? a t i A) it* sl 
I®* t h v lH U I TO* 
J 
(I lilly 6 
BundyCl/ tt> 6 
B .o k k til I Mi 
Bunk K ,i 
B a r U n J I A t 
Hue I Nu 
I 4o 
Hut •♦*'> p l 56 
B u r n t ly 
66 cgh 
• 
* (M DQ tx 

IM 
M a 
IM 
7 
7 
6 
J 
J 
4 
6 a t i t i t i 
71o54 

Ti i i i i 
15 656 
7 
95 

2 
J 
J 
31’ a 
TOG 
J IH 4 I 
TG 
7' / 
74, 4 
1 4 
I I H 
I I H 
U H ­ t/4 
TOU 
ASG 
AS*. - h 
IT' / 
IT * . 
IT H 
73' 1 
TTH 
26' • 
7 7H 
1 j 
TOH 
26 U 
5 9 '. 
TOU 
TOH 
W 
W H - 7M 
U 
IS *. 
IS H ­ 
14 
U 
IS H 
I I 
* 
\4 
TOH 
TOH 
7o’ , - if 
TOU 
7 6U 
26'a 4 
35 
34*. 
34*. 
U G 
U k , 
14*. 
TOU 
76 
76’ . - j j 
37' a 
36U 
3 6*. 
THU 
28*. 
T I’ , 
TOU 
K G 
IS ’ # 
*4 
IJ k . 
IJ H 
13’ / 
U H 
U U n u 
IS H 
IS H 
IS H 
B G 
35*. 
3 5 *. 
IO U 
JOH 
JO . 4 
11 
TO*. 
J5H 
36 
- 
I 
J 3H 
33 
3 3H 4 i f 
J IH 
7 1 '. 
J IH 
AG 
4 * . 
A *« - 
* t 
TO' / 
T IU 
7 9U 
JAH 
2 4 '. 
TAH 
74* / - 
1» 
TOH 
J A H * 
*• 
31 
JOU 
TOH 4 
TOH 
J IH 
7? 
9 
I * . 
I G 
TO 
7 7 ', 
77’ . i 4 
J IH 
J IG 
21 G » 
*t 
T H 
7 * . 
7 *. 
71 
193. 
IO U 4 1*4 
ATH 
M G 
4 6*. xx 
*4 
TOH 
2 o '. 
TOU - 
11 
AS 
AAU 
ANG - 
U 
74 >• 
JJU 
2 4 , - 
'4 
TOU 
S7U 
5 3U ♦ I 
5? 
52 
57 
I U 
U a 
IH A 
Mi 
?*• 
J U 
7 * . 4 
•• 
5 
4' ? 
A H — * i 
J IH 
T IU 
7 1 '. 
M 
ID' f 
36 
34 
- 
H 
J IH 
31 
JI 
- U 
1/ 
U / 
U G x 
»• 
15 
U U 
U H 
U U 
U U l| 4 . 4 
%4 
IJ H 
I* ' 1 
JEU - l,| 
JOU 
JOH 
TOH x 
11 
5 H 
J '/ 
5 H 
J U 
I G 
J U . 
Mi 
AAU 
43 a 
A 3 '. - 
* i 
J IH 
J IH 
J I' ?— 
M 
TAU 
I * ' * 
Ta u 
» * . 
M u 
J ? 4 » - 
*« 
37 
3 1*. 
3 1 '. 
4 
J U 
J U 
TOU 
76U 
2 * H 4 
11 
TO 
96 
96 
- I 
I l k . 
17' / 
IJ k . . 
** 
U H n u 
U H 
»4 
V U 
9 
9 U 
* 1 
39' • 
W H 
37’ a ♦ 
Mi 
TTH 
J7U 
7 7 ', - 
TOU 
64‘ a 
4 4 *# - 
H 
Al 
43 
43 t t-a n u n 
. 
U U - i i 11 
31 l l * 1 * la 
TOU 
TO 
TO f 
Mi 
TTH 
W H 
2 7 '. 
9 
I ' * 
• H - 
M 
9 * . 
9 H 
E U 
TOU 
T U * 
J U t - 
• ’ 
I G 
I U 
*1 n u n u 
U * » - 
H 
M U 
J91 / 
7 9H 4 n u 
7 3 *. n u ­ t 4 w . n u l l * . - 
• # 
44, r * r * 
9' / 
EH 
*• / 

 i i 
I * : i n 
U 
U U 
• I 
T IU 
? v » f l u * 
I I H 
TOH 
I I H . 
Ti 
JA*. 
J 4 H - it 
AA G 
M U 
*4 J 
Th 
I * , 
7 * . . 

I T * 
MI 
T O *.» 
TOH 
*9 >, 
TOH 
IM 
TOU 
W G 
T i ' , - 

 f ? l (o r t 
I I® 
95 

' t o i (■ a (ny 
( i t i »• J rn 
I % (o ' 
C l 4 im if * 
I C A' 
* 
Ah m m 
III 
I NA * 9*1 
'o i n - p ' A i rn t N A I I IIM i w i d n 
• 
I k e 
M 
* 
(a p e A M 

^ 9 
IE 
STO ) 
J U 
I * . 
SH 
I I H I t l l U U 14 
I U 
I H 
• ‘ TO 
U H 
J I 
#1 I I EU UU U 

 t § 
EU 
E U 
A *. 
5 
| M | 
TOH 
IT * . 
I J« 
‘ u t h 
M TO l f I 
IA U 
1 |M 

V 

X * 

 l l l l 
I U i n 
Th 

T 5 T 

 t a b o te I 4o 
Cadence 
Caesars 
C a lF ln l 
C a lP U t I 64 

Sad 

4/ 
15 
17 
84 

Call attn 35r 19 
69 
C m pR L 6oa TO 2o1 
Cam Sp 
I 48 I? 
4o 
C am pT I I? lo 123 
CdnPac Rte 
6 
65 
C anaiR 
64 l l 
I 
C apC itis TO l l 116 
CapHold 4o ll 
79 
C a p itV tg 
C arbor 
I I? 8 
C a rlin g O 
IS 
C a rlis le 
88 
7 
C a ro C iO h 5 
C a ro F rq 
2o 13 
C a ro P w I 72 
C a rp pt ? 67 

15 
77 
IO 
I 
/IO 
I 
8 283 
23 
C a r le t 
7 
7 
37 
C a rrC p 
64 IO 367 
C a rrG n 88e 
I 
C art H aw 9o IO 153 
C a rtH w p l ? 
18 
C arl W all 4o 1o 
7? 
Case NG 5or IO 
IS 
Cast I Ck 8ob 8 
M 
C a trp T r I 5o I? 984 
CecoCp I IS 13 
4 
Celanse 3.8o IO 
Celan pf 4 5o 
Centex 
I? 
9 
CenSoW I 26 9 
Cen Mud I 77 
7 
C e n lllL t I 6o IO 
C n lL I pl? 87 e m u ! p f2 6? 

31 
I 
1o4 
367 
13 
23 
/IOO 
/IO 
C en llP S I 2B IO 
54 
C PHI uE I 4o IO 
87 
C e V P w I 4o 9 
13 
CpnSova 
TO 
7 
34 
Cen Tel 
I 36 IO 355 
Contr O at 
I IO 
86 
C rl teed 
TO IO 387 
Cess A ir I TO 
Cham p In 
I 
C h a m p ln t wi 
Chm I p l I TO 
C harnSp V 

119 
443 
8 
16 
416 
354 
47 
17 
257 
45 
76 
37 
169 

H 
I 
41-.4 
I N 
4 '7 
8 G 
19' 4 
TOH 
7 9 '. 
38H 
3 P . 
163. 
8 ' . 
5o 
72 
I ' . 
34' 7 
?3. 
17V, 
6 6 '. 
6 '. 
7 2 '. 
3o 
36’ * 
16’ , 
13’ 7 
TO’ , 
36 
7’ 7 
83. 
15 J, 
S I1. 
16’ ■ 
47’ 7 
51’ 7 
I I H 
16’ . 
193. 
IS H 
3o3, 
79 
U H 
2 6 's 
15’ . 
14'7 
25 
74’ , 
74 
771. 
72'7 
773, 
2?3. 
123, 
43, 
3 o '. 
8 3. 
31'N 
73. 
6 '. 
31'7 
41 
24 
3 7 '. 
7 '. 
13H 
7 8 '. 
3 H 
53. 
15 
1 5 '. 
72 

C hartrC o OB 7 d ir t N Y 7 12 6 
ChasFd 6oc 
C h a s cV 7 7o 9 
ChasoT 
Chelsea 
4o 
C hem in I 5o 9 
C h m N Y 7 88 6 ... 
Chese Pn 84 14 226 
Chessle 2 3? 
7 127 
Chi V lw 
11o 
C h iM lw u f 
I 
C hiP ncT 
? 17 
IO 
C hkFull 
17 
ChrisC tt 
7 178 
ChrCtl pf 
7 
Ch rom al 84 
7 
28 
C hrom a pf 5 
I 
C hrysler t5e 
4 555 2o’ 
C h u rch 6ob 9 
13 
33H 
CinBell I 6o 
8 
19 
2 3H 
C innG F I 
64 I? 7o3 
77’ 7 
CinG p l 
1 
/TO 
49 
CinG pl 4 
75 / MO 
59 
Cine. p l 7 
A1 
/IO 
89'7 f in c pl 9 
S? 
/(SO 1o9 
Cin V ila I 
IO 14 
8 
3 7 '. 
C iltro rp 
96 91155 
ClttcsSv 
3 
( 'l/S R 
C ity ln vs t V 
C ily ln y w l 
C ity ln p l 
? 
C ityh p l I IO 
C lark F I 6oa 8 
C la rk O il 
5o 15 
Civ Cid I 8oa IO 
C ie vE t ?6.t 
9 
C lv E l pf / 56 
CIVE I pf 
I? 

79’ 
5 9 '. 
I ’ . 
13’ 7 

8o 
323 
317 

76 
47 
IS? 
96 
71 
93 
/IO 
/4o 128’ 

4 4 '. 
4’ 7 
4 3, 
SU 
19’ » 
143'. 
7 8 '. 
38’ . 
31’ . 
16’ . 
S H 
493. 
7 1H 
IG 
34’., 
2H 
IT ’ . 
66’ , 
6 ’ , 
22 
2 9 '. 
35’ . 
16 
13’ 7 
19H 
36 
7>. 
SH 
15’ . 
5 1 '. 
1 6 '. 
47 H 
51' 7 
I U * 
16 
19H 
18 
3o1. 
79 
U H 
26 
IS H 
U ' . 
24’ . 
2 3 '. 
233. 
773, 
223. 
77’ . 
72’ 7 
12’ 7 
4 H 
79’ . 
8’ ? 
3o's 
? H 
6 
3oH 
4oH 
23H 
37’ . 
7 
13 H 
28’ , 
3 ’ . 
5 H 
15 
IS H 
72 
193, 
33’ . 
2 3 ', 
7 2 '. 
49 
58 
89’ 7 
1o8' 7 
3 7H 
78’ . 
59’ . 
IU 
1 3 '. 
5 5 16 5 16 
25' 
I I H 
37' / 
19’ . 
6 3 '. 
13’ . 
88' / 

25 
I U . 
3 7 ', 
19 >s 
63 
3?’ . 
88' 7 

ASHA 
4' ?— 
4 H ......... 
83. 
1 9 ',— 'A 
15' . 4 '1 
JE U X IU 
38 H 
3 13.+ 
B 
1 6 '. 
• ' , 1- 'A 
49'i e - 1, 
J IH — VT 
I U . .. 
3 4 ',— Vt 
2 H 
17’ • ......... 
(SAU . . 
6 U * 
' a 
22 
- '» 
3o 
F '/I 
35’ . 
16U 
1 3 ', 
7o 
4 U 
36 
4 '. 
7 ' . - 'A 
S H 
1 53 .4 'A 
5 1 3 .4 '. 
1 6 ', 4 
U 
47 >,- 
11 
S IU 4 ’ 
1 1 H 4 ’ 1 
1 6 . 
W U . 
18’ . - 
’a 
3 oH 4 1. 
29 
U H - ’ • 
76’ . 4 H 
153.4 
’ 1 
14J, 
24’ . - 
7 3 ' , - b 
24 
4 ’ *> 
2 7 '7 
2 2 3 .4 
2 2 ' . - U 
27' 7 4 i. 
IT H - 
U 
4>, 
79’ , - 'A 
8 ’ > - 'i 
31 
2 3 .4 'i 
6 '. 4 34 
31 
4 si 
4 o H - 
' I 
24 
4 kl 
3 7H 4 ti 
7 
— 3. 
13H 
U 
283. 4 
3. 
3 3 .4 
5 H 
'1 
15 
- v. 
1 5 3 ,‘ 
'I 
7? 
* I 
193, 
I, 
3 3 '.3 
’ • 
73>, 
22U 
19 
58 
89’ 7 4 iv. 
1o8' 7-- 
’ . 
37’, - 
'. 
29 
- ' I 
5 9H 4 
3,, 
I U 
1 3*. 
5 16 
2 5 '. * 
U H 4 ' I 
37' 7 
193, 4 
V. 
63 
33 
4 ' 1 
8 8 '5 — 

C levepk ti) 
6 
18 
I I H 
I I H 
IV 7 
' 1 
C lorox 
5? ta 
195 l l > , 
I I H n u 
C lo e 'P e a 5o 
6 
A? 
9 * . 
9' ? 
V U 4 i j 
C lu e F P p fl 
A 
1 3 '. 
13 
13 
- 
G 
C s'SlG s 
6 674 
IS H 
IS 
15 
C st SG pf I 83 
18 
7 3U 
23' ? 
7 3 **4 
*1 
Cs'SG pl I 19 
* 
W H 
U H 
IS H - 
• 
CocaBtl 4oa 13 715 
8 H 
S U 
8' a - 
'ii 
CoceCo! 7 65 U 
676 
8o 
79 
79’ a 4 
/, 
Coldw Bk 5o 
8 
6 
I5 U 
IS’ / 
IS H * 
ColeNa! 
AO 
6 
15o 
U H 
17U 
U U - 
1, 
( OlPCO 
IO 173 
T U 
7 
7' a - t . 
Col q Pal 
88 
13 A 49 
2 5*. 
2 5 H 
?5J* 
' • 
Colg P pf 3 5o 
Collin Aik 64 
/IOO 
6 
85 
5o 
U U 
SO n u 
5o 
4 
I ? ' a * 
1 . 
(.* 
CollinF 
OS*- 
6 
33 
7 H 
7 H 
7 H 
1 1 
CotPenn 
7o 
9 
23 
26 U 
7 6U 
2 6H * 
1, 
C olonist I 45 
7 
I 
TTH 
7 7*. 
22 G * 
U 
Col fin d 7 5o 
E 
17 
51' / 
S IG 
5V / 4 
1; 
Colt pl 
A 75 
A 
7 1H 
71H 
71' ? 
ColGas 
7 74 
8 499 
7 9*. 
TV a 
7 9 ', 
Col Os pf 5 67 
6 
TOU 
TO 7 
TO' ?- 
C olG sp fS A8 
I 
59** 
5 9H 
5 9 *. 
V, 
C OluPiCt 
4 111 
IO U 
9 ) . 
9 3 , 
Im 
77' 4 4<% 
Col SOH 
? 2o 
7 149 
7 7U 
26’ ? 
COSO pf? A? 
8 
77 
77 
77 
C om be 
o5e 
8 
16 
21 H 
71 
71 
C om bE ng 7 IO 
79 
49’ 4 
48 G 
49G 
*>. 
C m b E q 
1or 
C o m w F 7 AO 
1? 
9 
75 
2o5 
2 3 ', 
JOU 
7 2H 
TO 
? 3U 4 

S h 

1, 
'n 
Co*nEdA wt 
7 
IO 
IO 
11 
(. nm f pl I A? 
6 
TOH 
TOG 
2oH * 
' I 
C om f pl 1 9o 
A 
JJU 
TI' 7 
JJU kl 
C o m f pf? 37 
7 
77 G 
77», 
?7U 
C o m f pf? 87 
Com w O 
16 
3 2 / 
3 7 ', 
3 7 *. * i 1 
378 
S U 
5G 
5 '. - 
' I 
C om o p l I 77 
19 
14 
1 3 ). 
14 
4 
<, 
Com"d1 
I 
9 75o 
34' / 
34 
34 
Com par 
TO 
Com pSc i 
9 
IO 
81 
81 
3 4U 
7 ', 
34 
T H 
34 
- 
7 H 4 i . t/x 
ConAgr 
75 
A 
A 
13’ a 
13H 
1 3 U - 
' I 
Con* M I I TO 
4 
A? 
73 
TJJ. 
27 U — 't 
Conqolm 6o 
ITO 
16 
IS * . 
I S H ­ 
I, 
( o nnM 
I 6o 14 
31 
IT H 
U H 
I Z U — *. 
Conrac 
8ob 
7 
8 
24' / 
24' / 
24' / 4 
I , 
C onE d 
7 
5 399 
77’ / 
J JU 
7 7U 4 n 
ConF pf 
6 
5 
7 3 '. 
73 
73G 4 
1. 
Co o f pf 
5 
3 
5 4 '. 
5 4 '. 
5 4 '# - b 
ConFds 1 AO 
8 ll? 
24’ , 
7 4 '. 
2 4 H - i 4 
C onFrqt 
8o 
7 736 
73' a 
23 
2 3 '. x tx 
Con NGS 7 5o 
7 
Bt 
36** 
3 6 '* 
36** 4 
J,’ 
C nG pf IO 96 
ConsPw 
7 
/IOO 
119 
119 
119 
4 1 *: 
6 332 
T IU 
M G 
T IU 
C nP w pf 4 5o 
ZUO 
W H 
49G 
49 U — 
CnPw plA 5? 
/1 o 
5 7*. 
5 2 ). 
ST*. 
C n P w pf 7 68 
/TO 
87 
8? 
82 
- 
'» 
C n P * pf? A3 
9 
2 5 *. 
TSH 
2 S H - 
C nP w pf5 SO 
7 
TOU 
68 
TOH 4 
I ; 
CnPw pl 
6 
I 
85 
85 
85 
4 
I I 
C on! Air 
IO 
89 
6 H 
6' 4 
6' ?— '» 
ContCop 
SO 
7? 
5’ / 
SU 
S U ­ t , 
C ontlC p 7 8o U 
84 
S IU 
51' a 
S I1 ? 4 t . 
C n tlG rp 
7 
9 
157 
3 6 *. 
36 
36 
- 
I I 
Conli Cp 7 AO 8 
1o3 
56’ 7 
55’ / 
55' 7- 
N 
C o n 'llP 1 28 
8 
IT 
16 U 
163. 
U H 4 
' 1 
( ont Ii R I l l 
I U 
I U 
I H * 
U 
Coo' Od 1 TO 
8 715 
36 . 
3 5 'f 
35G 
I 
C oniTH I Oh IO 178 
U U 
16 
■ 
C o n n o te 
8 
196 
TTH 
? ? ', 
JJG - 
• 
Conwd 
7 2o 
Bx U t a u 
37H 
38 * 4 
1 
Cook Un JOI 
4 
1o3 
4' 7 
4 * . 
4 H 
C copr In 1 OB l l 
33 
« ' . 
42 
42 
- 
I 
CoopLab 2o U 
744 
U U 
I I H 
I U , ♦ i j 
C oopT R 
7o 
A 
JO 
U U 
IT H 
U H ­ t 
C op' Pl I 25 
7 
U • n u 
U H 
\ j t opelnd 
66 
8 
I? 
U H 
IT H 
U H * 
*1 
CoppRq 
78 
? ? '. 
7 7 *. 
??’ . 
C oppw 7 4ob 
7 
I 
AV 
49 
49 
Cor cl or a 
Io< 
14 
69 
3' ? 
33 a 
33* 
CornG 1 52a 
13 168 
TO' / 
4o 
(SO 
Cousins 
3? 
I U 
I U 
I U - 
' e 
C ox Bde 1 
55 
9 
16 
TEG 
7 9 '. 
2 9 ', . 
C ra ig 
3o 
3 
37 
U U 
12 
17 
' rane 
I TOP 
6 
UA 
TBH 
773, 
T IU 4 
’ / 
CreditF 
?4h 
7 
76 
S H 
SH 
)i 
'a 
' roc k N 1 66 
7 
94 
7 7H 
27k. 
77 U * 
'a 
C ro tk N pf3 
19 
AJG 
43 
43 
' rom pK 
9o 
7 
IO 
U 
14 
4 
U 
LrooH i 
I l l 
5 
7 9 '. 
J 9U 
7 9 ', - 
' 4 
'rw n C k 
7 377 
JO' / 
TOH 
TOU 4 
' 4 
: r w / e l 
18o 11 tot 
4 1 '. 
4o H 
41 
X 
G 
“ru n tF o I 56 8 197 
77 
TE1* 
TE'#— 
G 
'u lb ro I 37 
7 
U 
J IH 
J IH 
J IH 
'u llig a n 
AA ll 
U 
I I H 
I I H 
I I H 
■ u m fitg I Al 
6 JI 
4 7H 
47 
4 7 S * 
1 j u m f pf / 5o 
/IOO I TV G 
1 2 9 '. 
1293,4 I H 
ZunnD rg 25 
9 
JI 
• ' / 
E U 
I U 
H 
' a rr Inc I o8 
36 
U H 
17 a 
U U 4 
'a 
C a rli We AO 
7 
79 n u 
IE '* 
42' / 
U ' a 
C u llerH I 8o 
9 
16 
43 H 
4 7 H - 
U 
C ye lop I TO-' 
5 
TV 
76 
TSU 
25 ’ a 4 k» 
C yprus 
I AO 74 w 
74’ 1 
7 4 '* 
74' a 4 
• a 

U P * 
Inc 
O am on 
D a n k t v 
D dtw C p 
D a riln d 
O ar I pf 
O ulaG an 
O ayco 
5ot. 
O a r'M d I 7o 
Du y ' PL I 46 
D eere 
I IO 
Del MOP I 5o 
O ftfm eP I TO 
D eli aA ic 
TO 
D el tee pet Iona 
D t-n n V I I 24 
O ennys 
44 IO 
D .-n'sply 8o I? 

7o 5? 
48 
9? 9 
It) 
I 
7 
TO 
5 
9 
9 
7 
I 
9 
I 
17 

7 

OeSolO 
6o 
D e tf dis I 45 
D c tE pf 5 5o 
D e tf pl 9 31 
D e tf pt 7 tm 
D e tf pf 7 45 
D e tf pf / 16 
D e tf pf J 75 
DeE ptB? 75 
D exter 
8o 
8 
D iG .org o5i 
A 
D >aif in) 
TO 
6 
D iam int 
J 
» 
D ia m V I rn 6 
D ie m Sh I IO 9 
D ie P ID I JO 
Dick AH 
JO It 
DK tdphn 64 l l 
D.ahold 
5o 
IO 
D tu iid iE a 
7o 84o 
O iflingm 5? 6 187 
D illon 
I (Bb 13 
J 
D tv n y 
16 16 77? 
O' v r sfd In 
56 
Dive s V H j it 
Dr Peppr 
Al IS 714 
Porn< V W u 17 157 
D ont U J 
I?* 
7 
Si 
Donnelly Ak IO 
44 
D orO hv 
Ut 
5 
5 
D o f.» * 
4o 6 
76 
Dove. CP 9o I t 
76 pow Ch 
I 11 IV 14 
DCA ion I 16 16 
9 

I ) 
TV 
Z U 
7 
I 
- 
1 4 i i 
T U 
7 '. 
TU 
19 
8 '« 
E H 
S U 
TO 
2 6U 
TOU 
2 6 H - u 
41 
37'# 
I U . 
31’ , ♦ u 
5 
35 
JAH 
35 
♦ 
U 
65 
IJ H 
A?* / 
A T U - 
36 
IS 
IT H n 
4 
19 
TOU 
34 G 
TOU 4 l l 
73 
19 n u 
19 
4 
764 
TOU 
TOU 
TO a ♦ 
■a 
93 
TE ? 
TOU 
2 I G - 
Mi 
UT 
14 
IJ H 
1 J U 
JIO 
37’ , 
J IG 
SJH 4 
' a 
64 
7' / 
TH 
7 * . ♦ 
*4 
IF 
A H 
AU 
AG — ' • 
TO 
76 
25 / 
7 S U - 
44 
TO* A 
TOH 
2 o '. 4 
'N 
7o 
T IU 
T O . 
21’ . 4 
I , 
79 
IA G 
U U 
U> r— 
'n 
7o2 
IS H 
IS H 
IS * . 
5 
65' ? i i ' / 
ESH 4 
1 o 9 '/ 
H 
749 
JOO'/ 
IO O'. 
/TO 
It' 4 
( T H 
H u * 
11 
/IW O IO U 
T91, 
IO U 4 I U 
/ WO 
J I l l 
I 
19 
I 
13 
6 
4 
» 
I i 
6 
41 
J 734 
711 
79 
9? 
HS 

Dr avo 
I o5 
Dresser 
8o 
D ra t Bd I 44 

14 
441 
19 

Ti* 
M U it i 
73 
7 U 
13 ta' 7 
I / * , 
IAU 
U U 
TU 
U U 
I? . 
44 . 
I? 
13 
TO 4 r / 
I U 
I?' 4 
S M . 
J U 
73' 4 i / u 
17'» 
39’ . 

ID U 
TAU 
» ' • l l ' do Punt 4 2Se 14 377 179 
14 
9 
94 i i 
'M O it 

 kjp m p i 4 4o pw kt P I Bi 
Duke pl I TO 
P o lit p l 8 JO 
Duke p l J AQ 
U n k e p t J tO 
D o r.B id I o* IS 17? 
B od L ilt I 7? IO 111 nBM* 
J 
ZUO 
P u g pf 
J JI 
1 IO5o 7k 
Dub pf 
J 7s 
/lo o p u tti B t 
I) l f 
77 

 k l I 
JOU 
IQI 
9 4 ', 
92 
ID U 
JI 
1 9 , 
T IU 

TDH 
ID U 
JD*. 
TTH 
/ ' . 
I7 U 
M U 
IJ H 
1 5). 
3 3 '. 
7' / l l ' 4 
U H 
44 
I I H 
33 
31 
I' / i n 
17 • 
4 o ', 
J ' * 
M U 
U U 

 j J u 
IA H to • 
74' . 
S h u h 
178 k i n 
J r 
H U 
• I U 
7EH 

S i ; 
S ; 

TM' 
7 9 ' - 
723. 
U 
T U 
* , 
U H - 
3 1 * * 4 
* • 
IT * . 4 
3 , 

3 5 3 . - IU 
3 3 '* 
T' ? - u 
I M e 4 u 
17*1 4 u 
AA 
- 
•a n u 
33 
4 
' a 
JE' / - 
1' 1- 
3, 
Le 
I U A 
U 
IT ** f 
*) 1 
S U . 4 J U 
J U 
J J U 
H 
U U 
IJ H ♦ 
* . 
T O H - 
•a 

3 ‘ : : 
H 
4| 

S h ' 
U 
TOU - 
U 'a - 
I . 
1T O U - 
>1 
9 3 H . 
A* 
T O U — 
* , 
I I I 
H U 
9 14 .4 
4. 
W U - 
U 
TOU - 
U 
I V . 4 
T I U - t J 
TO' a - 
Mi 

DyWAO* 
U I 
I 

- 1 

 i? U 

 r n in 14 

I 
I 
I a v A i*' 
4 US 
I a v 'U H 
UA 
I Wk 
I AV* IMI 1 rn 
9 
9 
I a v * 4 I B> ■ 191*64 
I (Ban 
7 
I T il 
I« r n .n i t i 141 i t s a l , t # i > /os 
I 4 ' Ah# J J I v ll 
I «** * 8 
Mkt 
I 
6 
I ' A •,# 
1 MI 42 4o6 l l * BVN. 
4 
I O k ae 14 
14 
I HAM B. f t / 
I V Y B ilk 

 w n u lf’. 
I U 
I*. 
I n 
EE a 
AS n u 
H H 
H u 
I 
TU 
FU 

( t i : 
« H n u 
U U n u n u 
A? 
A l*. 
A IU 
Toh m 
TOU 
B g 
B t 
JAH i i 
U G 
TOU n u 
U * 
H U i i * 
U U 
TO 
I y r * 
I U 
I n u n u 
I 
IU 
A 
1*4 
• H 
1*4 

O I,. 
R a ti* ( 
9* 
M 
M f ) 
L c ia N et 
C h i: 
E la in N a i 
1 
SU 
/A 
7 2 *, 
22s, 
’ t 
F llx ir Ind 
7 
IV 
7G 
7 
7 
E lira C p I 16 
E m e r E l 
I 
7 
AT 
78U 
77' 7 
27' / 
I ; 
16 367 
34G 
3 4 ', 
JA’ ? i u 
E m e ry 
I 7o 18 
37 
35U 
3 5 ', 
35’ * 4 
E m e ry In AA I 
IV 
IO U 
IO *, 
IO *, - 
”, 
E m h a rt I 8o 
7 
38 
37' ? 
37 
37H 4 
I j 
E m h e rt pl 
2 
49 
49 
49 
E m p D E I 36 IO 
3 
IS H 
15U 
IS G 
F m p D pf 5o 
/IOO 
6 
6 
6 
E m p o p i 97 
/IOO 
IOU 
IO U 
IO U - i j 
F m pGdS to 
7 
TO 
73’ / 
J JU 
72 U • 
I ; 
E n g lM C I 2o 
9 
72 
3 4 ', 
33’ . 
34' a * 
31 
E nnisB 
3? 
5 
15 
6 'a 
5 U 
6 
E nserch 1,7? 8 274 
TSU 
28 
78 
Entex 
1 JO 
7 
47 
TV*. 
29' a 
7 9U * i i 
E nvrtex 
3oe 
9 
74 
3 2 ), 
3? 
32 
- 
11 
Fgoitax 
2a 
I 
I? 
76U 
7 6 *, 
?6H - 
E q u im rk 88 
7 
24 
U U 
I? 
12 
— 
E quit Os 2 S t 
7 
5 
3 6 ', 
TOU 
TOH 
E q o tL f ?.o9c> l l 
87 
2 4 ', 
74 
TA 
F sm a rk I 76 
7 39o 
3? 
3 1H 
31 ’ , 4 
G 
E squire 
16 
6 
9 3 , 
V U 
9 » , 
E stertine 36 
7 
17 
TU 
7’ . 
T G A 
I , 
E thyl 
I AP 
6 
1o7 
433. 
A3' / 
4 3 U - 
' 4 
E thyl pf? AO 
I 
5 6 ', 
56U 
5 6 '# 
G 
E va n s P d 6o 
8 
181 
U U 
12H 
IJ H - f vans pf I AO 
SO 
15 
IAG 
1 43 .- 11 
Ex C o lo I 25 
8 
67 
TOG 
26*, 
26 ' . * 
'n 
E xclsr I 73e 
I? 
TOU 
TO' ? 
TOU ‘ 
1J 
E xx o n 
2 15i 
91732 
5 ? '. 
5 I U 
5?’ , * 
I, 

* MC 
I 
11x359 253, 
25' / 
25 G x 
G 
FM C p l2 25 x i i 
TOU 
3 6 ', 
3 6 '. x 
' t 
F abrqt* 
AO 
8 
A1 
8 ’ , 
7 U 
8 
- 
'N 
F a b rlC tr 
TO 
6x71 
7 U 
7 U 
T U X t j t ace! En! 
11 
3? 
S U 
53. 
S’ . 
F a ire a m 8o IS 
65 
34s, 
3 4 ', 
34 t f a i r Ind 
3o 
9 
T9 
V U 
9 3 , 
9 U f 
TO 
Fat pm IF 68 
7 
3 
IV / 
I I H ll* 7 t rW s tF n 
7 
I? 
9 G 
9' 4 
9 "4 
F ar ah M I 
152 
43, 
4' 7 
4’ , f 
I, f c id e rs 
38 
93 
6 
5G 
6 
A 11 
F edrlC o I 6o 
5 
7 
76 
2SU 
TSU t , 
I cl M eg 
I 4o 
F fd N M * 
1 
6 
24 
73' / 
7 3 *. 
2 3 *. A '» 
61395 
IS H 
IS H 
1534 
F e d P .'B d 9o 5 
77 
17' a 
IT 
U H 
F P ap pf I 2o 
I 
T V . 
T IU 
2 V , - i i f Sign! 
1 
8 
4 n u n u n u - 
U 
F eel DSt I 46 I? 584 
41' / 
4 o '. 
4o u - 
1, 
F e rro 
I 25 
8 
I 
32'a 
3?' a 
3 2 '. 
F ib m b rd 
36 
8s, 
8 U 
8 H t idF in 
17e 
5x17 
6 U 
6G 
6 H 
Mi 
F id e 'U n J AO 
7 
E 
34 . 
34 
34 
- 
14 f irtd c rst la 
6 
55 
W G 
W U 
193. x 
1 
F dire! 
7 186 
13' a 
IO U 
1 3 '. A ?' 1 
I inSanB 
48 
4x35 
17’ , 
TOU 
U U * 
I ; 
F m iF e d 
5o 
5 
6o 
U G 
1 7 ), 
IT * , t 
3? 
F irestn I IO I? 415 
J IH 
T IU 
21H - 
' I 
F S IO 'a r 8o* 
6 
114 
14' ? 
U H 
14", . 
I Si Chic 
96 
8 276 
TOG 
2o’ * 
TO' / 
F t Rn Tex 
I 
9 
7 
32x. 
3 2 '. 
37H i I f si In Bn 1 TO IO 
SI 
39G 
38"? 
38 G 
'•/ 
FstM iss 
TO 13 77? 
TOG 
16 
TOU x 
*t 
I st NBO 1 88 
8 
1o6 
77s, 
27 
27 
3) 
F IN Si Bn 
7 
9 l l 
76 
2 5U 
76 
* 
"I f s* Pa 
I 3? 
9 
59 
TOU 
TO*, 
TOU 
TO 
F tP a M tq 
17 
7 
I U 
I U t st UnR I 
I 
14 
18 
ITG 
I? 
17U x 
1, 
F s lV d B k AS l l 
14 
6 G 
6’ , 
6 H 
1 w 
I W .sCp I 76 
I ischM I TO 
8 
7 
TTH 
22' a 
2 2 H ♦ 
1, 
9 
13 
79' 7 
29 
79 
— 
1 j t iShFds 
6o 
E 
58 
I? 
I I G 
17 
4 
"4 
F iShe Sci 
78 
6 
78 
1 3 '. 
13 
1 3 '. 4 
11 
I 1 eel E n l to I? 
155 
14' 7 
14 
14’ # - 
' n 
F le m in g 8o 
8 
44 
TOU 
1 6 ', 
16' 7 t lex i Van TO 17 169 
U H 
I? 
12 
- 
I ; 
F lin lk o l I 16 IT 
66 
19H 
W H 
19' / 
I lint pf I SO 
/AO 
7 6 '. 
76 G 
7 6 ). - 
U 
F lint D I ? 25 
79 
3 8 '. 
38 
38 
- 
I J 
I laE Cst 
IV 
65 
35' < 
33J« 
33’ # - IU 
F la G « ‘. I TO 
8 
157 
73’ , 
23' a 
23’ , 4 t f 
F la P w L I 56 1o 57o 
74’ , 
243, 
24 H 4 
Et 
Fla Pow J 28 
9 717 
7 9 '. 
7 8U 
79 
FlaS tl 
12o 15 
5 
TOU 
2o3. 
2 o U - ' u 
F lu o rC p 
I 
9 
151 
34' 7 
34". 
3 4 ', 
U 
F d F .tir 
7o 13 
72 
6 ’ 7 
6' / 
6 U f ooteC B 
I 
8 
4 
IS G 
1 5 ', 
IS H 
I o rd M 3 2o 
61117 
59 
58' a 
58' 7~ u 
F or Mc K 
I 
7 
54 
TO' / 
TOU 
TO), 4 
H 
( M k pf I 8o 
6 
76s. 
26*, 
26*» 
F I D e ar I 74 
78 
14’ , 
14*. 
14’ , * 
' 4 
F IH o w P 7? 1? 
77 
TO’ ? 
TOU 
TO’ a * 
U 
Fos W ii I 3o 
8 
4? 
39U 
383, 
39 
4 
G f ox boro 
I 
IO 119 
44’ , 
44 
44’ 1 f 
' 7 t m kin M 7 A 
8 
98 
24G 
2 3H 
23», 
3t f re e p M I 6o 
9 
66 
28G 
27 H 
78 
4 
' • 
F riq trn 
1oe 79 364 
19- , 
W U 
19’ 7 4 
'■ 
F runhf I 8o 
7 
95 
3o 
793, 
79’ . 
F ogua 
3<S 
7 397 
I V . 
IO *. 
IO ). 
G 

— ( j 

G A I Cp 
6o IO 154 
GAF pl I 2o 
5 
G A I * 
I 8o l l 119 
I 
3o 
73 
33 
92 
I 
9? 
18 
19 
7 
8 
16 

C A T Y pf? SO 
G C A C p o5e 19 
GF Bosn 
32 
G abielnd 
G am S k I 4o 
5 
G am s pf I 75 
G annet! 
I 16 
G aps Irs 2oe 8 
G ard D en 76 18 
G a rfin k I o4 
7 
GasSvc I 2o 
9 
G a few y 
ISO a 
G e a rh rt 
28 I? U 8 
G em mCap 
7? 
G em In I 7oa 
G A In v I 2?e 
G n A m O lb 16 

I I H 
U U 
3 o *. 
41' ? 
8 ’ . 
S H 
5 
24 3, 
TAU 
35 H 
IO U 
1 9 '. 
15’ . 
14 
7 H 
2 6H 
IS H 
1 5 '. 
IO’ . 
59 
13’ . l l ' . 
75 
5 H 
58' 4 

Gen Bant 8o 8 
G nC able 7J 
9 
G C in m a 
68 8 
G en D ev I 
6 
G enD yn 
7 
G en E I 
I 8o I?x967 5 o H 
CmFnod 1 64 
9 773 
3 7 '. 
G n G lh I 34e 7o l l 
Gen Host to 
72 
G en inst 
771 14 712 
G e n V e d 
3o IO HO 
Gen M ills 76 13 774 
G n V o l 5 8on 
71743 
G V o i p l 3 75 
6 
GMO* pl 
5 
12 
G en P o rt 
388 
4 
C P U 
I 68 
8 133 
G en R efr 
KM* 44 
4 
G nS.gnl I o4 13 
<o 
G enSteei 
6 
6 
G T e lE I 
7 
91167 
G T 'E I pf 7 SO 
5 
G T IE ' pt? 48 
15 
G T F I pts 16 
/ITO 
G T ire 
I 7ob 6 
46 
Geneseo 
19 
58 
Genst ar I 4o 5 
IO 
G enu Pts 9o IS 
89 
G a Pue 
8ob IS 439 
G aP w pl? 57 
G aP w pf? 75 
G erber 
I TO 9 
G ettyO 7 7on 14 
G el IO p l I 2o 
G antP C 
<o 
8 
3 
G 'b r Fin 
5 134 
G id d l i-w 4o l l 
85 
G d fd H 'll 8o 
7 
6 
G ille tte I SO IO 474 
G m oslnc 
7 
56 
GieusW 29e IO 
IO 
G lO b V a r 
53 
Globe U n I JO 7 *4 i 
G ld A F n 
I?# 4 
37 
Cold A pl 78 
17 
G oodrh I I? JO 15? 
Goodvr I IO 13 55o 
Got V I A 4o 
6 
15 
Gould l l ? 
9 
G ould pi I 35 
G ra te 
I TO 8 
G rain g e r 36 IS 
G ran d U n 
I 
7 
G ra n itv l 
9o 
5 
G ra y O rg 8o 5 
G lA llP a c 
18 IT I 
GI Noir I 5oi 17 
16 
G 'N o N k I IO 
7 
58 
G tW o F m 5o 7 199 
G U V stU td 
2 
16 
Cfi W e pl I 88 
J 
G rG ia n i I OB 73 
G reyh I o4u 
I 
G reyhnd w t 
Grot tee 
G ro m m 
8o 
G uard In 
JO 
G uffw S tn 
66 
I >11 W in® WI 
Cfltw p l J so 
(d lL IH ld 6o 
G uftM tq 
G ultO il 
I HO 
Gulf® es 
I 
GUHR pf 
JO 
GUHR pi I IO 
G u n k pl I to 
G H S 'U t I I? 
Cr ll SU pf 4 IO 
G ut'on 
o5e 

??’ . 
U H 
19' 1 
19’ / 
79 U 
7 1 '. 
53 
71 
/J . i e '. 
8 
SI 
6 U 
7 9 ', 
35’ > 
TSU 
9 7 ). 
7 7 ', 
5 
? ? ). 
31». 
3 3 *. 
27 U 
39U 
77 U 

U H 
IS 
2 9H 
41' / 
7 H 
S U 
5 
74 
74U 
3 5 '. 
IO’ . 
IS H 
U H 
I3 H 
? ). 
2 5H 
17H 
15 
IO '. 
5 7 ). 
1 3 ', l l 
25 
S H 
S7H 
5o 
3 1H 
22' 7 

I I H 
U U 
7 E U - 
4 1 '/ 
8 
* 
5 ’ . * 
5 
7 4U * 
T IU 
35’ . * i o n 
IS H 
14 u - 
14 
* 
7 ). - 
76 
— 
18 
15 
I O '. * 
5 7 U - 
1 3 ', l l 
25 
* 
S H 
58 
5 o '* * 
I I H — 
77' / 

61 197'y 

579 
71 
777 
71 
IO 
74 
77 

3o 
165 

18 
9 H 
9 H 
6 
IS ', 
76 
8 ’ * 
H U 
7 U 
13 
U U 
U ’ 4 
TSU 
71' 7 
U U 
7 9 '. 
79 
7 9 '. 
2 8U 
T IU 
IJH 
U U l l ’ / 
73' 7 
28' . 

T IU 
TOU 
19 H 
U H 
IU 

STRICTLY BUSINESS 
McFeatters 

 r n via a v E t 

CRU ISE.S 
S K 
I 

T R 
I P S 

C 
I T 
Y 
TOURS 

’You look a little run down. Argyle. I’m transferring you lo 
Cruises for a couple of weeks.” 

D I* . 
P f S a lt* 
H 
L 
Clo Not 
Ratio ( M f ) 
C h i 

IN ACP 2 1o l l 
769 
4 2 ). 
4 2H 
ATU . 
IN A In I 59a 
5 
W U 
W U 
W G - 
G 
1U In ll 
9o 1o1751 
U H ll* 7 
12' ? 
IU In! A 
7 
35 
34)4 
35 
4 
3-4 idaboP 2 TO 9 
25 
TOU 
TOU 
TOU + kl 
Id o aiB a I 2o 
9 
27 
T V , 
21 
21 ideal pl 4 75 
I 
9o' ? 
9o' / 
9o’ ? id eaT o v 
32b 5 
42 
7’ e 
7s. 
T H 
I. ll 1 Pow r 7 TO ll 
IVA 
76 
753. 
25 U 4 
' I 
IIPow p l? 21 
/IOO 
77' 7 
27' ? 
27' 7 4 
I, 
IT W 
56 14 
7 
74' 4 
24 
24 
- 
I. 
Im p lC p A 74 
1 N C O I AO.) 
5 
56 
15 U 
IS G 
IS H 4 
' I 
I? TAA 
31' j 
31 
3 1 3 .4 lf 
Inc C ap 
TO 
7 
6 U 
7 
4 
' I 
IncCCi) 88r 
1o 
914 
9 3 , 
9*4 
In d lM pf 7 76 
Z5o5o 88' b 
R6U 
88' , * I in d 'M pf I? 
/29o 
17? 
12? 
12? 
♦ I 
In d p lP l 1 9o IO 
63 
?4H 
73’ . 
74 
4 
'1 tn d lN .il I TO 
7 
7 
TOG 
TOG 
TO1, 
InexcoO 
77 971 
TO 
W U 
W U i, 
InqerR 
? 8o 13 
146 
7? 
7 V 7 
TV ? 
TO 
IngR pl 7 35 inindCon 
I 
34 
47' / 
ATU 
47G * 
1, 
8 ll 
TOU 
7 7U 
2 8U f 
1. 
Inlnd SII 7 6o 
9 
13? 
48’ / 
TOU 
4 8 ‘, 4 
1 
1 n m . int 
8o 
8 586 
71)4 
W U 
7o"?— ITO 
Insilco 
88 
7 
69 
14’ , 
IA U 
J A' 7 4 
TO 
Insil pf A l 25 
InspCop in s tln v T r 
Inlegon 
TO 

3 n u 
TO 
TO 
675 5o 
771, 
77 
77 
' 

7 
IO 
66 
V j io u 
I TO 
IO U 
I U 
IO U inlerco 
I 66 a 
8 
IOU 
AO’ a 
AO", 4 
TO 
In te rla k 2 2o 
5x2o 
341, 
3 3U 
34U 4 
IB M 
IO 
IT 
717 777' 7 776H 
276' / 
I ; in tF la v F 4.1 19 266 
W U 
193, 
W H 4 
I ’ 
In lH a rv 1 85 
6 718 
3 ? ), 
J IH 
3 7 ', 4 
*4 
In!,M in e 7 AO 6 8o8 
43U 
A31, 
A3' , 
In iM n g 
3ot> 
IntWiurti 
85 
8 UT 
U U 
ITH 
IT' ? 
I v 
7 
18 
18s, 
TOU 
TOH 
TO 
Int P aper 
7 IO 378 
57 
56*. 
56’ , 
TO 
In lR e c fil 7o 
IS 
6' a 
6 
6 int T T 
1 76 
9 854 
33 
JJU 
3 2 '. 
TO 
In lT T p f J 4 
39 
57* 7 
57G 
5 7 '. 
TO 
Int TT pl KA 
59 
S5U 
55' 7 
55’ # - 
” 4 
In lT T p *o 5 m n T pf? 25 
I l l 
63' 4 
3 9U 
63'« 
3 9H 
63’ , 
3 9"?- 
TO 
In lT T p l4 5o 
In lrp ce I 65 
7 
71 
7? 
6o U 
79 U 
6oG 
29H 
6o' 7 
29 H 4 
TO 
In trp c ep l 5 
In lrp G p 1 to 
7 
I 
TO 
77U 
32 
TTH 
3 1 '. 
77U 
31’ » 
TO 
In trs P w I 45 
9 
JI 
IT " . 
TOG 
TOU 
14 
In Irs! Un 
?4 TO HO 
6 
5 H 
5' 7 - i/j iow a Bl 
A 
91 
74’ h 
TA 
7 A 
- 
1; taw IE I 
1 AO 9 
3? 
TOU 
TOU 
TOU 
TO iow a I IG I 84 
9 
TO 
J IG 
J IH 
7 1 *, 4 
1 p low dPC 7 IO 
8 
78 
7 5 *. 
2 5 ', 
2 5 ' , - 
3» 
Iow a PS I 8o 1o 
79 
711, 
7 V , 
71U 
' I 
IpcoHsp OSt 
9 
7 
S H 
S U 
5 U 
TO lick Cp 
23 TO TO*. 
TOU 
TOU 
1 . 
Hx'iCn 
3o 
6 
1o4 
14' / 
IA U 
143.4 TO 

Jam esF so IO 
49 
TOU 
TO’ . 
TOU 
Ian I m n 
8o 
6 
7 
TOU 
TOG 
TOG 
", lapanF 
Wn 
(e llPilot 8o 
IOO 
9 
SH 
8 G 
TO ll a 
IO U 
3 oH 
JO*. te rr pt 
A 
/ n o 
AA 
A3' 7 
43' / 
IU 
'e re pfB 1? 
/9o 
9o 
88’ / 
9o 
‘ IU 
JerC ph3 5o 
/IO 
176 
176 
176 
- 
' , 
•crc pf l l 
/SO 
113' / 
113 i i J U 4 i n 
JewelC 
I 3o 
9 76o 
26U 
TSH 
25’ , 
G 
Jewel cor 
8 
IS 
3 U 
3j 4 
3J4 
' , 
Jbn M a n I AO I? 
185 
3oU 
3o 
3 o *. 
'Obits Jn la 
W 467 
68' / 
6 7 U 
6 7 U 
TO 
JohnsEF 
8o 1o8 AA ll 
IO U 
1oG 
' , lohnCn 1 IO 
9 
I U 
IS H 
3 4 ), 
35 
IhnConi p!7 
TO 
6?' / 
6 7U 
6? / * I U 
'onLogn 
5o 
5 1o7 
14 
1334 
IJ H 
'■ 
J o n la u p f 5 
/TO 
54' / 
SAH 
5 4 H 
* 4 iorqim 
I 
6 
15 
2o)4 
TO' / 
7o*4 4 
• j 
Josipns 
(sn IO 
7 
TOU 
7o' ■ 
TO’ , 4 loyM ltj I 3o U 
TO 
AAU 
43’ * 
4 4 ', 4 
TO ldStir«>M 
3? 
U 4 
P . 
IG 
I V , 
I I H 
'N k 
W U 
W U 
\K 
19' 7 
1 9 " ? - k .HST Al I TO 16 
43 
33' / 
3 3 ', 
33' / 4 
1 
TETO 
79’ « is 
KaisC em SO 9 
SI 
IO G 
IO U 
IO U • 
' 1 
ZOU 
71 
- 
TO k a i Ce p f I 37 
K a n e M il 
28 l l 
16' 7 
I6 U 
16’ / 4 
' a 
53 
53 
4 
1 
5 ie 
9 U 
9 3, 
9 U 
7o3, 
71 karteb 
I ll 
1o6 
34’ , 
33' 7 
34'4 4 
H 
7 H 
7 3. 4 
' 1 
K Cly P L J 46 
8 
71 
7 9 ). 
79’ » 
7 
9 
4 
TO 
I I H 
I I H 4 
TO kC S ogln lr 
8 
53 
3? 
31' / 
31’ . 
G 
Z U 
7 U — ' 1 
K a n G E ! I 76 
8 
3? 
J IH 
? V , 
21U 4 
At 
51 
SI 
- 
TO 
K anN b 
I •« 
8 
92 
73H 
?3H 
23 / 
6TO 
B U ­ 
I , 
K .v ip L l I 7o 
7 
38 
TOH 
TOTO 
TOTO 
' 4 
79 
T E ', X 
”, 
KrlPL pf? 3? 
7 
77 U 
7 7 ', 
27' 4 
3 5H 
35'? ♦ 
TO 
Kelly Ind 
53 
7 '. 
TTO 
T U 4 
' • 
TO 
78 
K aty pf I 46 
3 
7o’ , 
TOU 
7 oU 
G 
9 /3 . 
9 7 ). - TTO 
K a u lBr 
o6*. 14 
14? 
7 ), 
7' / 
7’ ? - 
11 
27 
27’ . k auf pf I 5o 
I 
17*. 
U U 
U U 
AU 
5 x 
TO 
K aw ee kl 
1? 
73 
7 o '. 
W G 
19' 7 
\t 
77 U 
7 2 '? - 
TO k eene 
3o 
7 
19 
IO *. to *. 
IO' / 4 
V* 
3 1H 
3 1U x 
1, 
K eller 
TO 8 
14 to 
IO 
IO 
33 
33 
- 
TO knlloqf) I IO 14 1o5 
JAG 
JATO 
TAU u 
2 7 ). 
J I H 
K etlw d 
8o 
5 
7? 
14"/ 
UTO 
UTO 
79 / 
79 H kcm nm tl 96 IO 
SS 
JAH 
74’ ? 
JA*. 4 
' 7 
7 7U 
773, 4 
' 4 
Kennel 
6oc: 1o2396 
78 
77 G 
77' / 
TO 
195 
1ES 
I . k y U lil 
1 KA 
8 
SB 
??• / 
77 TO 
? ? ). 4 
1 
18 
18 
K err GIS 
AO 
5 
54 
TO1. 
13 3, 
IJ H 4 
\ e 
E U 
E H k t*rrMc I 25 14 
TO 
TOG 
69 a 
/O '. 
1 
9 
E H 
Keyk'Con la k .Cfd* W I TO 
6 
8 
ISG 
18' / 
18' 7 
8 ) . 
E 
♦ i f 
6 
TE 
78 
?7H 
77' ? 
TOH 
TOU­ 
1, 
Kiddx plCA 
I 
MTO 
48 , 
AB • « t j 
2 5 ). 
T S ', 
K im bC l 7 TO 
8 719 
A3’ / 
A?). 
ATTO 
1 j 
7 U 
7 U 
' * 
K m gD S l 
6o 
8 
79 
U G 
U H 
U H - 
1 
I I H 
H U ­ 
'» k irsc h 
VO 
IS 
16 
IA H 
14' / 
JA' / - 
' 
7 *. 
T H 
11 
K n ig lR d 
7? IO HO 
33 G 
33' / 
33' / 
3 2*. 
JJG 
1 k oehnn 5oe 
6 39o 
TOU 
TOTO 
TOTO 4 
1 1 
17 
UTO 4 
', koeti pl 7 75 
IO 
34 
3 3 ). 
33U 
*4 
U H 
17' ? 
Hoppers 9o 
9 7oo 
JJU 
TTH 
J J U 4 k. 
TSU 
28’ , 4 
' t 
K oracrp 
A 
3? 
T U 
TTO 
TU . 
I 1 
MTO 
7 1 U 4 
1 k r a it 
7 3? 
9 
115 
AAU 
MTO 
AAU * 
U U 
UTO 4 
\ j 
Kresew 5 
J? 1/1719 
35’ / 
3 4 *. 
3 4U i j 
TBH 
? » ). 4 
' n k roehier 
16 
16 
IA U 
14 
UTO 4 
4 , 
28’ ? 
TE 
4 j .. 
KrexJcr 
1 Af 
7 
75 
? 6 U 
? 6 > . 
76U 
1 
7 8 ). 
TE’ . x 
3| 
K xsor 
6o IJ 
45 
I6 H 
16' • 
1 6 H * 

W Y . 
P E S1I66 
N 
R a lls ( M i ) 

97 
1o 
TO ll 
13 
2 
757 
3 
IO 

 vie O r WH 8o l l 
U G H pi I 2o 
Vc Keo 
9o 6 
M cLean 
46. 8 
V t Lout I TO 
8 
VV N e il 
8o 6 
V eadC p 
9? 6 
Men plB ? 8o 
Medusa I <o 
6 
M e lv ille 
96 IO 173 
Menasc 
8o 
8 
IO 
M ere Sir 
8o 8 
4 
Merc k 
I 5o 17 582 
M ered ith 8o 5 
9 
M e rrL y n 8o 6 786 
Mesa Pet 
IO 17 784 
M esP pf I 6o 
IT I 
Mesabi I 33e 8 713 
M esta 
I 5oe 7 
3 
M G V lr 
M e lro m I IO 
M IE plC3 9o 
M IE pl 18 I? 
M chGs I TOI) 
M hW i pf? 67 
M hW i pl? 17 
M ic ro w v 4o l l 
M id CII 
I 16 
9 
M .d S U t I 38 
M .d 'n d M 
M idi Ro I 6o 
M 'les L b I 78 
M ill Brad Bl 

7 
47 
6 
31 
/H O 

17' 7 
79 
IA H 
73 
17’ , 
I? 
TO 
52 
78 H 
7 4H 
TTH 
A l’ . 
57 
IS H 
2 o '. 
35H 
363, 
IO '. 
25'« 
18 » 
79’ e 
4? 
/HOO 91’ , 
9 
13 
IA H 
77 
3 
43 
6 
9117? 

Min V V I 7o 17 AU 
31 
3 
12 
6 125 
8 
9 
8 
7o 
7 56o 
TO 
/ 
64 
9 
54 
4 
6 
9 UA 
I 
5 
3 
3o 

M m n P l I 76 8 
M irro A i 
96 ll 
M issnE q Ag 
6 
MPac C I <4o 
6 
M o P iC e I to 8 
M oP S v lb 
M obil 
3 8o 
M obileH 
Mohasco 9o 
Mob k Ola 
M ohkR 
I 2o 
Moi yep I XI 
Moi y pf 7 5o 
M onrh I 2oa 
M onoqr 
28 
V o n rE n 
2o 77 176 
Mon san 7 8o 
B i l l 
Mon D U 7 4o 
8 
7 
Mon Pw I 8o IO 133 
M onist I 8oa 
43 
M O N Y 
V6e 13 ll 
V o o re V 
I 
5 
37 
M organ 
J IO 44o 
Mot Knu I IO 5 
46 
Mor^eSh 5o 
4 
36 
V lg T r A m 
18 
M er Nor 
88 
18? 
M otorola St 15 379 
M I Fuel 
I l l IVV 
V S n el I 88 
9 
71 
M IS H et rt 
M unford 
4o 
5 
M unfd pl k) 
M unsng I o8 I? 
M urphC I TO 
7 
M urpO il 
8o 
7 
M u rry O I 2o 8 
M ot lorn I 32 
M yersL 
4o 31 

79' 
25 U 
7 3 '. 
17 
16’ . 
I 
79H 
25' / 
U U 
51’ » 
T IU 
U H 
I7 U 
4 3H 
TBH 
IAU 
68 
3 H 
1 5 '. 
AU 
2 2 '* 
<8- J 
SA 
2 5H 
14' i 
I? 
77 H 
38 U 
74’ » 
??3. 
IO U 
4 3U 
5?’ . 
76 ll 
33. 
7o*. 
A i). 
I? 
2 4 ). 

1 7 ). 
79 
163, 
73 
17 
I? 
19’ , 
51U 
TSH 
7 4H 
2? ) . 
Al' / 
56 
IS H 
19 H 
3 4H 
3 5 ', io n 
2 5 '. 
18 
2 8 '. 
47 
9 1 ). 
16' / 
TSU 
2 5 '. 
23H 
163. 
16' j 
13, 
79 r 
25 U 
I? 
5 o*. 
71 
U U 
16’ . 
4 3H 
TSU 
16 
67'n 
3 U 
U U 
6 
22' a 
473., 
56 
TSU 
14' . l l U 
76' / 
311, 
74’ z 
??3« io n 
42' J 
5 1H 
25' 7 
IO *. 
3 H 
TOU 
45' 1 
IO U 
24U 

Clo Na* 
Chg. 

17' r — 'n 
29 
16’ , + 'n 
23 
17 
12 
- 'i 
IO U +■ '1 
5? f ' ; 
T S H ’ 'i 
7 43 .+ 3, 
22’ . + U 
41' > -i 
11 
56 ' / + it 
IS ’ .- 
1 9 H - i, 
343. 
3 5*. 
'1 
IO ). 
25’ s. 
18’ h J 
'< 
78 ’ « J 
' /< 
4? 
91H J 23. 
16H 
'I 
7 9 '. J 
2 5 '. 
23 H 
16’ . 
16’ . » 
H 
13, 
79’ . I 'I 
75' / 4 l f 
'n 
SOH 
T IU 
'i 
1 2 ) , t 
'. 
IA H 
43 H 
2 8 3 ,t i, 
IA H - 
67’ . - 
3' . 
'1 
U U 
6' b 
' I 
22' , - '1 
4 73.— i, 
56 
- ' 
75’ * ♦ '1 
H U 
H U 
76 / 
) 
3 8 3 ,t 
I. 
24’ , 
??3»-> 
IO *. 
4 3 ', . 
’ 
52 
- ' 
T S H - 
’ 
IO ', f *i 
S U 
TOU - ' 
45 H 
4 o 3 .- I' 
74 

SAN ANTONIO EXPRESS— ^Thursday March 3 1977 

D lv. 
P f S a lt, 
H 
R a tio (bds) 

OPA p it 14 
/JOO ITB1 / 
5 k la G E I 48 IO 279 

Pa 

D klG E pl BO 
O klaN G 
J 
8 
O iinC p I 5o 
7 
D lin k H t I IO 9 
O m erk 
7? 8 
Oneida 
84 
8 
O ranR k I J6 8 
O range ?ob 14 
Out M a r LAO 
7 
O utietCo 8o 
7 
O vernit T 9o 7 
O ver Sh 
3ob 
7 
OwenCn 
I 13 4o4 
O w enlll 2 I? 
8 
96 
Own ll pf4 75 
o vt rd Ind 76 
21 

JO 18 
2 TO 
7 
F N B 
P P G 
PSA 
Pac AS I 74 
P a c G F 
J 
P ar Lie) I V 
Pac L rn I 4o 15 
P a r Pet 
86 
9 

 a 
155 
76 
76 
8 7 78 
7 
R9 
43 
34 

18’ l l 
AO’ / 
JOU 
353. 
15’ , 
19 
IS H 
7 ), 
25’ / 
21'? 
TO 
27 
63 U 
5 ? '/ 
873, 
TS1, r 

8 ' / * 
8' 

I THU 
U H l l 
4o 
39*. 
35’ ? 
15) , 
18 U 
IS1. 
7 H 
25’ , 
T IU 
2o 
TAU 
63 / 
5? 
87U 
J S '. 

Clo N ot 
Chg. 

I /H U - '? 
18’ ? l l 
- 3. 
4o3, 4 ' . 
3 9 3 , 4 
> , 
35’ , - 1„ 
15> , 
' a 
19 
4 
' . 
1 5 U - ' , 
7 ). 
2 5 ',— 
7 IU 
7o 
4 
U 
26’ r 
3 , 
63' / - U 
STH 
1. 
87U . 
253. 4 
U 

D lv. 
P E S ala t 
M 
R a tio (fids) 

Pac P w I 8o 9 139 
Pac T T 
I 4o 
9x5o 
P a c T T pf 
6 
Pac Tin 
8o I? 
P aineW 45e 
3 
P a iW p f I IO 
P a lm e r 
5o 5 
P a m id a 
I? 
7 
P an A m 

54’ , 
BU 
H H 
23 H 
18' / 
35’ , 
78 
723, 
18 
VISO 7 8 '/ 
5 
13' a 
49 
5 
IIC 
17 
339 
P a n E P 7 JO 8 235 
53 
9 776 
8 
75 
9 
7 

P n p rrft 8ob 
P arg a s lb 
P ark D r lOe 
P a r Man I 2o 
P a rk P e n 48 
8 
A 
P ab kP I 251 15 167 
P aylsnw to 
8 
8 
Peabody 
TO I? 171 
P -n D -x ?4b 
18 
P enney I 28 l l 345 
P a P w L t I 8o 8 
53 
P a P t pf 4 5o 
Pa P l pf 8 IO 
P a P l pf9 74 
P aP L pf ll 
Pa PL pf 
13 
Pa PL pf 
8 
Pennw lt I 6o 
Penwt pl 7 5o 
Penw l pf I 6o 
Penn col I 4o 
P eopO rq TO 
PeopGs 3 4o 
PepsiCo 7 to 14 779 n e rk E lm 37 15 755 
P etlnc 
I 6o 
8x 46 

73 
15 
U U 
4' 4 
4 '. 
44 H 
153, 
IS 1, 
ID’ . 
34 U 
15' / 
13 
TOU 
73’ , 
5 U 
41 ’ e 
??U 
53’ / 
.'6o 
/IOO 
/SIO 1o6 
/25o 115 
/48o 13? 
/H O 
91 
9 
34 
2 
I? 
8 257 
7 
14 
7 
9o 

85 3 16 5 3? 5 3? 
I 37 

N C R 
TO 1o1o71 
N I Ind 
I TO IO 315 
NL f 
76 
7 173 
N V F 
?45l 
J 
/S 
N abisco J SI IO 
67 
NatcoCh 96 15 156 
NarcoSci AO 8 
7? 
NashuaC AH IO 
5o 
N a 'A irt 
5o TO 756 
N A v 1 a 
,77o 
15 
NatC cm 
57 
5 
87 
Nt Chem 
48 11 378 

? • '. 
71 l l ’ ? 
U U l l ' . 
73 / 
7 JU 
T IU 
T IU 
7o’ . 
U H 
IA H 
I >4 

TRU 
U 
71 
1 3 ' / - U l f ? 4 
U f l u - u 
73 ’ / - ' •> 
TI 
7 2 U * 
3, 
7 1 / 4 
TOU 
19), 4 
3. 
U U 
I U - 
'• 
39? 
I >• 
ITO 
IG A 
'n 
5 
AA 
TOTO 
IS l e u 4 
14 
7 
9 
U * . 
14' / 
U U 4 
1 , 
3 776 
TO 
U G 
IA U 4 
1 1 
998 
I * . 
I l u x 
<» 
16 
MTO 
35*. 
3 S U - t . 
9 277 
UTO 
1? 
U ' A A TO 
33 
7 
7 
7 
4 
7 6 U 
TE’ , 
2E 
JEU X 
U 
9 IJJ 
IT H 
IT *. 
IT ’ » 4 k» 
I 
75 
» 
25 
7 
72' / 
J IH 
72' • f 
Af 
16 
72' / 
77*. 
J J U 4 
TO 
I 1o3 
13*, 
IJ H 
1 J H - 
• 1 
/TOO 
56' / 
SE' 7 
56 / - 
TO 
E 
13 
S H 
S H 
SH 

I i 

H M M l l ll 
I U 
3'A 
J U 
Mack W 7 8o 8 
U 
37 
JE1. 
3 E H - 
• a 
HellF R 
76 I? 
IE 
TOU 
TO 
7o U 4 
' , 
Mal 1 P P m a 
7 
J 
7ITO 
J IG 
2 V « - 
' * 
Mal "b r I 
I ll 
STO 
57 
SEU 
54 TO 
L 
Man r ip I » 
T 
AE 
J IH 
T i '/ 
J IH 4 
I, 
ManJSe 1 ae# 
44 
U H 
IT H 
IT' / 
TO 
Man jtn 1 mi. 
77 
J JU 
72 
7 ? '. 
' A 
Mortal m n JO IO 
TO 
$ 
4 ’ a 
AU 
H andy Ma 
») 7 
78 
7 7 *. 
H U 
72' a 4 
U 
Manes 
I 36 6 
SI 
TETO 
2SU 
25’ » 
N 
Manna 
I 9o 
I 
7E 
AEG 
AE 
AE*. 4 V t 
Mar Br J 1.44 
8 
■ 
33TO 
33 
33 
H ardees 
6 
14 
EU 
I ' . 
I H I 
• 1 
H a rm a n 
5ob 9 
74 
DTO 
JJU 
JJU . 
H arm s/il 
8o 
7 OE 
IE 
I I H 
I I H 
H a rra h 
JO# 
8 
] 
U )« 
IA H 
U U 4 
»» 
H e rr Bk I 5o 
7 
14 
IS 
35 
35 
H a rris 
BO I? TSE 
UTO 
J IH 
M U ­ l* 
Marse© I 4on 6 
57 
?4H 
JAH 
IA '? 4 
* * 
M a rl SM 4 77 E 
I I 
U U 
U 
. 
U ’ a A TO 
M arteM k 
AO I? 
7 
T IU 
JE *. 
M U X 
14 
M e ttle I 44a I? 
TO 
IE 
U U 
M 
A 
TO 
Hew 1 i t I I 8. 8 u 
7 4 '. 
IA U 
I t'4 4 
TO 
M ayesA ib lb 
5 .34 
IT' / 
U U 
IT * . 4 
TO 
M e /e lIn OS*- 
3 
47 t a '. 
IO 
IO 
M erks 
1? 7 
TO 
I U 
I ' a 
• ’ a 
11 
H e l a # 
B l 
IAI 
14 
IJ H l l 
4 i. 
H e itm B 
64 
6 
17 
TO G 
IE *. 
TOU * 
14 
M e m /M I OH IO 
7o 
TO 
J J 3, 
37’ . 4 
11 
M ein/ pf I TO 
A 
31 
3 o*. 
31 
A 
Iv 
V feitn.C 
6 
I 
5 U 
SU 
Metter lid 97 E i73 
TOG 
TO '. 
IO U 
M eaner P AO IJ 
U 
AEH 
49 
AE 
4 
TO 
H em e ep 
I 
7 
J 
7 
Mere ales 
I ta J 36 
7 3U 
I T F 
M 'w A 
M irs h ey 1 1J 6 
7? 
TOH 
IO U 
TOU a 
G 
Hesston 
U 
E U 
E 
E 
Hest ii pf I AO 
I 
U H 
U U 
U G A 
1, 
M eaW m I 3? IO TEE 
78' / 
TAP. 
JEU - 
1, 
M e w l!P f 
AO TO 113 
73'« 
71*. 
T IU 
IN 
H gnV oft 
o5** 18 
73 
7 
E U 
7 
A I, 
M illen bd I? f 
I 
73' * 
7$ 
23 
- 
TO 
M idonM V #2 IO TAA 
J IH 
J IH 
71 H a 
•, 
Mona Cl 
ET l l 
34 
J IH 
TI 
H U A 
I j 
Moi l f Ie 
J* 
7 
13 
♦TO 
E U 
Moi day 
AQ ta JU l f 1 
UTO 
U U 
M hdvA I 
O' 
1 
TTH n u 
ITH a L 
Moll yE 
J AO 
I rn 
M g s 
JO 
- 
TO 
MO'i'fFflk 
I I ) 
TTO 
43' 1 
AJG 
43 ‘a x 7 't 
Honda 
15r TI T il 
H u 
TI U n u - 
TO 
Mon /w it I IO » MT 
4 ' t 
47 / 
47' > - 
M oo.B B I I? 7 
T 
7? • f l u 
J JU A TO 
H## J MM i 
I f a 
J j i ( 
IAH 
J? J 
I 
•A 4 
W / 
14' / 
Mo 4, C PA AD E 
SE n i n u 
I I H 
Has! k ill 
AO 6 i f 
T 7 
E h 
♦ H A 
Hugged AD.) 
A 
TV 
U H 
IT' / 
U * 4 
M ouqM 1 84 
8 
TI 
IT' , 
IT H 
K U - 
MowsA et* I? I 
67 
I 1* 
E H 
J H A mo«mf I t rn 
7 AH 
JO a 
W U 
IO U 4 
Moof p i} lr 
I 
M » 
AA 1 
14*. A 
M but id J 5o l l 
D G a 1 
TOU < 
M ousing I 7* E *sE 
S ' * 
» > « a * . ♦ 
H u v tN ii 
FE 1/ 
I 
O U 
J JU 
M u w e a#f», I? 1 ta . 
E U 
8 
M u l l 'd I TO lf 
I 
TOH 
•E a 
M u 
M w l v * 
*« *6 
I n 
. 
M U i i * . 
M o d s n t 
8o Ap 
I i t 
M U 
M U ­ 
M o y b M ,. m 
A 
I 
F ', 
FU 
T H 
Hugh f ' sd 14 ME 
U h l r « 
49' 4 
IG 
*44* W U 
AO IE 
•E t i a 
IE 
M w n lfh 
I* l l 
IVE 
Tog 
Mr a 
TOU * 
MuFAnlW 
Au 
A 
I i f 1 
MTO 
M U a 
A#* NA ft t i MI 
I t 
1 
I I H 
I I H 
TOU 

 l f ll p . 
I Aft 
I 
I 
77* l l « n a 
T I A » it nu/ id ’ ap ta i 
• U f l u l f * 4 A 
K N A fs e 
Id 
IAE 
I U 
S H iR » » 

5o 
TO 
LF I 
Cp 
I f f p f 
L T V C p 
I ac Gas I 66 
I 
L a in S is I IO 8 ta n e B ry TO 
7 
L aw lr Ch IO 16 

17 
J 
5 777 
13 
IS 
76 
78 
1o8 l l 
L ear $ieg so 
I e a rs pf? 25 
L easw 
1 3o 
I m-dsN TOI) I? IO’ 
L eesona 
IS 
I eh P O 
I 
L .h V a lly 
L ehm n 1 ?5e 
L im riar 
Lenox 
. es F a y 
- f v F d C 
. e v f k l 
. Cv 1 St r a 8o 
. 4'V(I/F 
.O f 
I M n 
-ib rty C p 57 6 
16 
.ib r ty L n 
IO ib rly L n pt 
I? 
.iq q tG p 7 » I 
79 rflyE ll I I? IS 778 
.im N et I to 9 
63 tm N 'pf 
J 
6 
.tm Pi I ria 
13 
■one! 
7 
59 
Hom o 
TST I? 45o 

I 
4ob 

75a 

 u 
43 
TO 
15? 
JI 
16 
33 
44 
IO 
6 
81 
18 l » 

2 
3 
? » 
TO 
I U 

. 1 Hon pf 
•OC k/*d 
3 
Cit tile 
16 U 
.Dews 
I TI) 
A 
Lom a F in TO y to m V 
7 Ie 18 
Lon Star I IO 
L n g ls L I I 56 
* ti PIF 4 35 
L IL p tN 13 
. I L ptP ? 43 
I IL PIO? 47 
Lone, Dr 
48 
I or at Cp 
IO v a l and I TO l l 179 
L a P .K it 7ob IO 
94 lo u iv G s I 9? 9 io w an s ! 
TO TI 
. ubr /of I IO 13 
I m kyS 6811 13 od!Cl A 
4o 
9 
I ukenSt I 6o 7 
L yfcws 
4o l l 
. vkes pf 7 5o 
L ynC Sys JO 12 

5 
AU 
I I H 
71 * • 
71 
I? ). 
IO . 
IS H 
39 
JOU 
25’ / 
TOU 
16 
I ' 1 l l ’ . 
A1. 
22U 
A H 
I I H 
U h 
77U 
4 U 
3 7H 
U 
J U 
J ). 
B H 
4?H 
JAH 
ABU i r . 
I U 
14 
? IU 
IO U 
U H 
33*. 

IS 
4o 
9 
JO 
7 134 
/tOOO 
/HJO ITV 
1o5 
77 a i i 
7 7 
7 it 

IA U 
7 1H 
18 ? 

34 
73 
47 
96 
■ 4 
A? 
174 
33 6? 

7 7*. 
Tau 
ISH 
7 8H 
UU 
7 6 '. 
U U 
3 2 '. 
16 
7 
31U 
I I H 
JOH 
7 ), 

A H 
AU 
IO U 
71 
TOH 
U U 
IO U 
1 4). 
JR H 
JOH 
74' ? 
TO'. 
IS H 
I * . l l 6 
??' / 
A' / l l ' 4 
IJ H 
77’ . 
AH 
3 7 '. 
U 
J U 
/' z 
33 
47 « 
34 
Al 
18U 
J U 
IJ H 
71 
IO18 
JJU 
V 
Ik 
J IH 
U U 
5 o '. 
U S ). 
TAU 
77’ . 
7 7 ). 
IS 
TfU 
IS 
7SH 
U H 
37 
•5’ . 
7’ . 
J I'J n u 
JOU 
7 H 
\1 

V B R ll 
Ate 
A 
13 ll *# 
I U * 
SACA ib 
7 IAI 
31 
JT*» 
V I I 
5 
JE 
4' 4 
4 *a 
M G IC 
IO U 
AJA 
TOU 
I I H 
Mac AF 
6ob 2? 
J 
T U 
I * A 
M a Don 
5 
37 
5' a 
S U 
M eek# 
36 ft 
25 
E 
E 
M a c m iil 
X 
7 1*6 
E* A 
E U 
Mac y 
JO 
• 
E6 
33 
I I ’ a 
M*m .p l 
A Ti 
/IO 
52 
57 
M a d s !d rte 
ISI l l l l 1, 
M ad In/ C. 
5 
A 
5 
5 
M agi c c I 
4o 
I 
UA 
M U 
E U 
M a llo ry 
I G n j 
34 
15 
M atanM 
A* l l 
,44 lf* f n j 
M an " In 
8 
A ll 
T U 
M b Men I EJ 
I 
ISA 
JTX. 
37 * 
M A R C O I » u 
IT 
A IG 
A IU 
M ar a *M 
I7< 
3 
53 
I I G 
IJ H 
Mac a'O I TO 
E A ll 
V U 
57 * 
MUMMAU 
A. 
6 .125 n u 
IT* # 
M er M id 
Eh IT 
TOI 
U U 
I I H 
MariOnL 
57 
)7 
51 
TO' 4 
TO' a 
M ar ley 
1 3o 
7 
EE 
AM'. 
M arr pl 
K l ta if# . 
M U 
TO 
Mr sh STO L 
J IE 
*# 
55 
5 4 ‘ a 
M U H M 
I TA ll ll ta *. 
W a 
Mar 'M a 
I AU 
TEH 
M a / , k ta TO 
M 
Tog 
TOU 
W M f u 
Aft) 
E 
E it' 4 ti' A 
Mas) OC 
I 
TO TOI 
J IG 
1 1 G 
Ma eta I 
All ll 
14 
SOU 
M. sM I l l 
E l 
I I H 
I I G 
M .s s ,F 
Ie 
) 
AA} 
I ) a 
M* 4 
M .C p 
I # t i nu t i * . 
M avin c* 
55 
I I G 
I t 1 
Ma I "wit 
M e*'•> 
JEe to 

 i i 

I I H 
5 ft 
M . , O t f ! i i 
I 
7*5 n u nu 
M ay c t© 
M .y v JW 
I IE 
I L 
I 
J : r 
V U *! I I t i i 
U t 
H G 
>1 • 
ML Ch a 
E 
TI 
W H i i u v t U < 
* i i 
A A6f rn a 
Aft 'A 
VK O' III l l 
MC. l l * kl G 
AA IM " t i ta 
U 4 
4 * 
Mr a 
M O n et ftJ ta * 

A U 
O U 
IO U 
2 1 ) .* 
TOH 
17’ / 
1o * * 
1 4 '# - 
3 8 ). 
3o V 
74J. . 
7 o '. 
16 
I ' , ♦ 
11 
- 
A 
2?)« * 
A U ll’. ♦ 
IJ H 
?7U 
AH 
3 7 '. 
19 
J U 

33 * - 
4?U * 
34 , * 
68 
- i 
U UTH 
U H 
7 IH ♦ 
IO 
- 
U U * 
J I H . 
*u ♦ 
16 
~ 
J IH 
U h 
5o . 
179 
♦ 
77 
7 7 '. ♦ 
? IH * 
IS H ♦ 
Tau. 
15 
- 
26', ’ l f 
- 
32 / ♦ 
16 
> 
7>, 
I I H ll*.. 
JOU 
71. ♦ 

I I H ' 
JJU 

N IC ily L 
Ain 
J 
N a lD e lr I 57 6 
N atD 'S l I Bl 
7 
N a !F O J 16 
6 
N IF G p l J JO 
N a lO y p I o5 IO 
N atH om 
Na I Iud 
3o 4 
N lln d p it 25 
N V d C r 
o9|. IJ 165 
N M e d F 
4o 
A 
31 
N V m e S v 5o I? 
7? 
N a 'P rs io 
7 
7 
89 
N* Seen ic 
161o67 
N S vcInd 87 
8 
N ila n d 1 o.1 
8 
N Starch I OM 13 
N atl SII 
2 5o 9 
Na' Tea 
N atom a I 4o 4 
N eptune n 5o IO 

8’ 
AU 
IA U 
IS H 
TSU 
71'. 
IAU 
IO / 

\ 

3 6 ', 
TSU 
73'. 
7 '. 
47*. 
3?' , 
1 3 '. 
IS H 
H H 
15 
IJ H 
U H 
V U 
76 U 
25 U 
76 >. 
7 6 '. 
IA H 
A H 
A*. 
1425'» 
13*, 
7 1 '. 
S I*. 
U H 
15 
19 ’8 
4?' / 

 a n 
6' , 
IA H 
18' ? 
77H 
71' / 
IA U 
IO U 

N nvP w 
I 6o 
N cvP pi? JO 
Ne v P p l I 95 
N F n q E i I V 
N f n G F I JA 
N E O pf VTO 
N F n P pl7 16 
N E ngT 
7 6o 1o 
17 
N Y S E G 7 4o 8 158 

5 ll 
/7«o 
J 
9 IOO 
8 
77 
/IOO 1o7', 
75 
3o*. 
35' / 
78H 

IV I 
U U 
73 , 
24*. 
TIU 
77' . 
IAU 

I IOO 
J8 / 
/IOO 
19H 
/IO 
45 
/AO 
54 
/JO 117 
/3o ll?', l l 
I IL 
151 
7* U 
J 
7 783 
56 

N Y S F pt3 75 
/SO 45 
N Y S E pts TO 
/ » IOO 
Aew m t 
I 6o IS HA 
77' 
N ia V P 
I 74 9 434 
U ' 
N ia V p l J 4o 
N ia V p t 3 6o 
N ia V p l 4 IO 
NuxVpt 4 SS 
N .aM pl ll 75 
N ia V r t IO TO 
Y'AgShr 97e 
N.cor 
7 I? 
NICOT pl I 9o 
N o r!W i. I 76 
NOT I 
I 25 
N orris 
J 
NOA Coal 9o IO 
NOA M ig 
NOA Phi I SO 
7 
NOC A ir 
I? 
6 
N oeslU ' I o7 
8 
N ln d P S I 44 
7 
Nor NGS 7 OM I 
NONG PIS TO 
N oS 'P w I VI 
9 
N SP A pf ’ At 
N S P a pts TO 
NSPw pl 
I 
Nor I et 
64 11 
'6 
Northgate 
9? 
A? 
N orthrp 
7 
8 7o3 
Nwsl A a l 45 IO 223 
N w 'B n 
I 9? IO 
7 
N w 'E n r 
7 
7 
TO 
N w 'E n r ii J 7 
4 
Nw i Ind 7 25 
7 
TO 
N w s 'in d w i 
7 
N w fli.p t I TO 
3 
N w tP pf? TO a 
N w M ltc ie 17 
16 
N w lS 'W I TO I? 
7 
Norton ITO 
7 138 
Nor Sim TOI) 
Nor I S pf I TO 
N ix or 
J2 

J! 
IO 
1A36 
57 
35 
781 
147 
ISO 
ITO 56 
/TO 
99 
/IOO 1o5 
/TO 
85' 
79' 

S IH 
3 H 
JJU 
JU 
U U ie • 
4 6 '. 
93 
It 

9 316I 
7 l l 

16'. 
25'« 
SOG 
JA 

NI x I 
77’ . 
US 
77'1 
U78', 
36U* 
41TS' 
I) 

3 3 *. 
??’• 
73 
J' / 
4 7 ', 
3 1*. 
U H 
U U ll*, 
143. 
13' 1 
17U 
V U 
2SH 
24’ . 
2 6 ', 
76*. 
IA H 
4' / 
A H 
14 
74 H 
13 
7o’ , 
5 1 '. 
U H 
14*. 
18 *, 
47 
ATU 
4' / 
3 7 '. 
14 
73 
74 
T IU 
??', 
16 
1o7’ , 
JOU 
35 U 
TSU 
45U 
IOO 
27 
U U 
38 
J9’ » 
45 
54 
I U 
117’ / 
1 
H U 
77 H 
7 7 '. 
JOH 
U H 
47 
SI 
J U 
3 3 '. 
S’, ll 18 
AAH 
93 
7 7 '. 
99 
1o5 
• 5 U 
79' 4 
5' / 
ASH 
7 4 '. 
SOH 
JS 
34*. 
SOH 
7/ 
115 
7 7 ', 
U U 
7 /H 
IS * . 
W U 
41 

8’ 
A H • 
HG 
U H 
78 
71H 
IA U ■ 
IO U 

34' / 
2 3 '. 
23 
74, 4 
47'h 
32' / ’ ll x 
U H 
I I H * 
U H ­ 
U H 4 
U U a * a . . 
2 6 *, 4 
TAH 
26' / 
?6J. ♦ 
IA U 
4>. • 
AU * 
14 
74’ . 
13 
7 o *. 
S IH * 
!!'•- 
15 
+ 
U U 
47' / 4 
AT’ J 4 
AH 
374, 
14 
- 
23 
74 
4 
T IU 
??H 
16' . 4 
1 o 7 4 
3oU 
3 5 H 
TS H 
4 5U 4 
IOO 
4 
77' / 
14*. 4 
38' z ’ r n . 
45 sa 
I U 
4 ll?1 / 
U H 
78 
27 H 
JOH 
U *. 
47>. 4 
S IH 4 
J U 4 
JJU 
3 H 4 ll 
U U 
ASH 4 
93 
77’ , * 
99 
4 
1o5 
8 5 U - 
79 U ♦ 
I' I 
46 >• . 
TAH ’ 
SOU 
J5‘ . 4 
15.4 
S IU 
7 7U 4 
115 
4 
7 7 '. 4 
I T '. 
7 7 H - 
JAH 4 
18*. 
Al 
4 
TSH 

R eline pl BO noter Pl 8oa 
8 
4 
P etrie I M a 15 
I? p etrolan 7? 
8 
7o 
P etri rn 2 Ale 
14 
P fizer 
96 12 428 
P hetpD 7 7o 17 633 
P h ila E I I 61 
9 171 
P h ilE pf I 4o 
P hilE pf4 68 
P h ilE pf9 5? 
Phi IF pt9 SO 
P hilaS ub 8o 
PhilAAor I 3o 1 2 479 
Phil Ind OSO IO 
49 
Phil I Pe! I 8o l l 775 
P h illV n H 6o 8 
13 
P ickw ick 32 11 
41 
P ie r! 
o5e 
8 '63 
P 'lls b ry I 16 13 1o3 
Pinner 
I 44 
8 
41 
Pion et El 
13 
79 
P itney B 
8o 111398 
BOP 
7 
7 la 
9 47o ive 
9 125 
6 
75 
I? l l 1o? 
7le 
7 
76 
I 
5 
65 

33 
49’ , 
76U 
33H 
9 H 
46' n 
77 
19H 
32' j 
U U 
U U 
73 
76H 
25 U 
7 8 ', 
36 H 
U H 
49' / 
52' / 

P 'H F rq 
P iltsln 
P '//a M i 
Pl an R sc 
Playboy 
Piessey 
Pneum o 
P olaroid 5o 15 593 
Pond rosa 
36 
54 
PopeTal 
SO 17 
Portec 
TO l l 
P ortr pts 5o 
P ortO E I TO 9 
PorG pf ll TO 
PorG p l 2 TO 
Pol 11 ch 
84 l l 1o5 
P o lm E I I 78 
9 277 
Pot F l pf 7 44 
POIEI pf 4 TO 
Poi Et PIS so 
P rem ie r 
48 
P te m r pt 9o 

71oo 
/IOO 
/5o IO J U 
/H O 1o5 
7 
79 
IA H 
55' j 
TH 
58 
IO’ . 
W H 
?'» 
39' / 
343', 
IS H 
18 
21H 
34’ , 
??', 
3H 
7 U 
I I H 
IS H 
37 
AH 
W H 
74’ 7 
UH 
7o 

B H 
U 
53’ / 
H 
S H 
' , 
14 H - H 
2 3H I 
H 
U U 
H 
35 
- 
H 
77 U 
?? '4 4 
I , 
18 
+ U 
77' 4 
1 3'* * 
' j 
7 U 
15 
* 
U 
U H L H 
4' 4 
A U 
' , 
AAH 4 
15H * 
) t 
18 
- 
U 
3 2 H i» 
34’ « 4 i t 
I S H - U 
U H 
2o 
* 
' 4 
23’ , * 
’ j 
5 ' , 
.. 
A IU t 
1, 
27U 
53' 7 
97 
4 | 
1o6’ , 4 x, 
115 
132 
91 
3? 3 , 4 
49 H L ' ( 
2 53 , 
’ , 
33’ , 
9 ’ 7 
46'a * I 
7 6 U + 
’ I 
19 
4 
G 
31’ , 4 
'. 
U U * 
' \ 
U H f G 
73 
- 
*-, 
TAU 
25' 7 - 
7 7H 
36''7 4 
17’ 7 
’ 1 
4 9 U F *': 
5?' 7 ♦ I '. 

53’ 
8' a 
U H 
23 H 
18’ 4 
35 
77H 
22' 7 
U G 
U U 
13 
7 U 
H H 
U H 
A1 6 
4' 7 
44' 7 
H H 
18 
37’ , 
34 G 
IS H 
U H 
W H 
23 
SH 
4 oU 
??H 
53' 7 
97 
1o6’ , 
IU 
13? 
VI 
32 H 
49U 
25 H 
33 
9 H 
4 5 *, 
75' ? 
UG 
313, 
17' ? 
1 2 ', 
73 
TAU 
TSH 
77 H 
36' 7 
17* 7 
JO' 7 
STH 
1oSU IDS' 7 
1o5 
1o5 

S totiys 
2o IO 
S rovill 
I TO 
8 
Scovil pf? SO 
Sc udder 
13 
Sc odd pf 83o 
SeaCont 
25 
7 
SeabCL 
7 6 
SeabW A ?7t 
S eagram HO 9 
G -agrv 
16<’ 
7 
S eaiPw 
8o 
7 
S«.arleG 
57 IO 643 
Sears 18oa 
161179 
Seatrain 
13 
78 
Sedco Inc 
3o 
7 
H U / I 7ob 
6 
Svc Cj3 Int TO 
4 e rv m t 
9o 
6 
Sh ak sore 4o 6 
Sh a pet I 
IO 
6 
Shear H 
?2e 
3 
ShellO'l 3 TO 
7 
Shell T I Ole 
6 
S heilrG i TOa 4 
ShhGi pl 
3 
S ie rrF a c 
I 8 
Signal 
I IO 8 
Signal pf 
I 
Signode I TO l l 
Sim F re t 
18 
8 
Sim m 
I I? 13 
S im pP nt SO 13 361 
Singer 
1oe 
7 134 
Sincjr ()f 3 SO 
3 
Skaggs 
5o 8 111 
S M Cd ll u 
S kyline 
37 19 26o s m ith A O 8o 5 
12 
Sm ith In! 
52 IO 16o 

P ro d rG 7 AO IS 23o l l 
3 
7776 
178 

I 
/IO 
/75o 

Prod Rsh 
48 
Proler 
I TO 
PS VC OI 
I 46 
PSCol pl? IO 
PSvcln 
I 91 
PSInd pl I o4 
P ile d pf9 14 
PS vN H I HS 
PSNH pl? 75 
P S vN M I 56 IO 
SA 
P S vE G ITO 
8 118 
P S E C pi I IO ■ 
P S E C pl 1 o8 
PSEC?pl 4 3o 
PSF O p t 7 17 
F S F G pi 7 43 
PSE p f I? 75 
P S E C pl 7 TO 
P S E C pf 8 1)8 
FS FG pf 7 5? 
P S E C pf / 4o 
PSEC. ptV 6? 
Pnbtcker 
P i i< *bio 
P 'jgS P L 7 TO IO 
P u ilm n I 37 I? 
P u re . 
I UR IO 
P u r.m F a 
4 
P u ro ltr I I? 
9 

 l l 
56 
/TO 
232 
431o1IS 
2 
28 H 
3 6 ', 
IS H 
41 >, 
S IJ , 
59*, 
IJ H 
17 
83 l l 
TO 
U H 
?4H 
77' j 

IA U 
54s, 
7 
57’ , 
IO ', 
19' / 
T H 
3 8 '. 
3 4 '. 
15 
U H 
21’ , 
34' 4 
2 2H 
3 H 
7 
H U 
IS H 
3 5 '. 
6 
W U 
2 4 ', 
74> / 
W G 

I A H ’ H 
55' * — H 
7 
5 7 '. 
IO U I 
' , 
W H ♦ 
U 
7 H 
38’ , i„ 
3 4 ' . - V, 
15H 
I / ’ , t 
I , 
71’ , 
' u 
34' 7 
.. 
22’ , J 
H 
J H 
'/, 
7 
- H 
I I H 
18 U 
' , a s * , h 
AH f ' , 
W U 
2 4 ' . - U t a u 
W H m u m u 
78H 
78’ , ♦ 

J 
/TOO 
/ISO 
8 
32 
5 

7 35oo I?'; 
/IOO 1o9 
8 
84 
TOH 
74oo 
TV* / 
77U 
7 7H 
U 
45’ / 
SOH 
8 
25’ , 
4 
77 
/TO 127 
/ 5o 
9o' 1 
: IO 
91 
1 38o 
86' / 
/TO 
84 
/ IO 1o6' 4 
35 
5 '. 
3G 
33 
J? ’ , 
IV .1 
TH 
73H 

35'I 
IS 
4! G 
S IG 
59 
U H 
17 
BTH l l 
79 s. 
U H 
24 . 
7 7 '. 
U G 
1o9 
2o 
791, 
77H 
71 G 
1/ 
45' / 
SOH 
25 
77 
177 
9o' / 
91 
86 
84 
1o6 / 
5 
3' / 
3? / 
37U 
18 G 
J G 
73 

35 J . 
15 
- 
A P , 
S IH - 
59 
U ' ? 
17 
82' ? • 
II 
79 H 
U H - 
74 G 
77' / 
U H 
IDV 
7oH 
79' , . 
27H 
71G 
17 
45' z 
SOH 
75U 
77 
177 
9o’ J 
VI 
86 
84 
1o6' ? 
5 
3 H 
373, 
37G 
U G 
?G 
73 

Q 

Saxon l l 454 
Schaefer 
?o 
13 
Scherq Pl 
I 13 684 
S c h lil/B r 68 9 133 
Sci'Iu m b BO U 878 
SCOAln 
BO 
5 
15 
S cott ad 
3/. ’ 8 
U 
Scot Fet I 7o 
9 
Scot I For 84 
8 
Scoff Pap 76 
Scotty 

S m ithkln 
Sm ith T r 
S m acker 
Sola Bas 
Sonesla 

J 
IS 127 
TO 
5 
I 
9o 
7 3 
TO 
8 44 
U 
J 

163 
14 
38o 
82 
3o l l 
171 

35 
I 
8 164 
5 
4 
6 
16 
7 
9 
8 
9 744 
8 
TO 

SonyCp o6e 2o1547 
Soot in 
Jc I 
5 
Car EG I 56 IO 
98 
5o JerIn I 56 8 
23 
Soutdwn to 
39 
Sdwn pf I TO 
5 
SoestBk 4ob 9 
58 
Soest PS I 371 
8 
5 
SoCdlE I 68 
6 198 
SouthCo I 46 IO 666 
SoIn G E 2 64 
8 
SoNRes I 85 
7 
S oN E Tel 
3 9 
Sou Pac 7 74 
8 
SouR y 
2 3? IO 
SOUR y pl TO 
SoUnCo I 8-1 
8 
S outlrd 5o1) 11 
SouRoyl 
68 17 1o6 
Swi Bk sh 
I 8 736 
S w it For 
TO 
SWI F i n n 5o 
SwPbSv I IO 
S prtnFd 
78 
Sparton 
4o 
S perrvH 
I 
S p rryH p l 3 
S p erry P 
92 
S prm gM 
9o 
S quarD I IO 14 163 
Squibb 
96 I? 11o 
Staley 
I 
6 
76 
St Poor I 92a 
3? 
51 Brand I 28 l l 
64 
StclBr p l3 5o 
/TO 
Si B P am t 4o 17 137 
StdOHCI 7 2o 8 549 
S lO illnd TTO 9 659 
StOilOh I 36 23 1o9 
S*dPress 4o 17 ll 
Sid P rod 
66 11 
7 
Standex 
TO 6 
I 
S tanW I U a 
8x19 
S Nm ray 
TO 
S la rre it I I? 
S»aVSe I OS 
StaufCh I 44 
Sterchi 
48 _ 
S le rD ru q 7o 11 259 
S te rlP ie o3e 7 
65 
Slerndnt 
4o IO 
5 
SlevenJ I TO 
5 596 
Stew W a I 96 9 
71 
StokVC I TO 14 
21 
SiokVC p fl 
718o toneV/ 7 TO 
SionCon 
TO 
SmpShop 
I 
StorTec 
671 
Starer B 
I 
S trid R ite 97 
StuW or I 68 
SuavStm 'TO 
S ubP rG I o8 

19 
8 
2 
IS 
9 15o 
6 
5 

31 
3 
3 
79 
78 
4 
13 
74 
36 
SunChm n 4o IO 
78 
SunCo 
7 6 152 
SunCopl? 25 
61 sunbm LOS 
8 
39 
Sundstr I TO 
7 
45 sOnds pl 3 5o 
I 

5 ', 
6 '» 
39H 
IS H 
58 'n 
13H 
6 H 
76 G 
73 
19 
S H 
77' ? 
53' / 
7 
9' 4 
77’ , 
34 G 
3 H 
23H 
S H 
I6 H l l ’ , 
62' ? 
V U 
33 G 
IA H 
5' / 
IAH 
9 H 
U H 
TG 
75’ / 
34 
13 G 
48 
13 
7 6U 
25 
3 9 ', 
7 H 
U H 
1 3 ', 
T IU 
44' / 
18' / ll 
IS G 
16 
38 H 
74 G 
U H 
U G 
13H 
3 H 
VG 
38 H 
19' , 
U U 
15*4 
77' ? 
IO U 
S U 
21 'n 
IA H 
38 U 
54 
39H 
33G 
57 
6 '. 
35 
74 
4oU 
23 
SH 
T IU 
U U 
U H 
IO U 
U U 
37' j 
38 H 
U H 
76' / 
T V , 
W U 
73U 
78’ , 
52 
36 
4o' / 
52’ , 
82' j 
T H 
TH 
IA H 
T V , 
IV / 
23' ? 
U H 
48' / 
8 > , 
15' / 
5' 4 
I I H 
U H 
37U 
T IU 
17' / 
SVU 
U H 
15 H 
I P . 
743, 
U ) , 
42 G 
4’ / 
2 1 '. 
23H 
4 4 ', 
4 5 ', 
V P . 
33H 
5o 

5 
A 
3 8 / 
IS H 
57’ / 
U U 
6 
26 H 
2? G 
U G 
8’ / 
77U 
53’ / 
7 
V U 
77- / 
34’ / 
3 
73U 
8 
IA H u h 
A IU 
9’ , 
33’ z 
16’ , 
5- / 
16 
9 
U G 
7*4 
75' 4 
34 
U G 
48 
U H 
26' b 
75 
39' n 
T H 
U G 
U H 
21’ h 
44’ / 
18 ll 
U H 
15G 
37H 
TAU 
U H 
U H 
U H 
3 
T ' l 
38 U 
19 
U H 
15 
2 7 ', 
IO U 
8*4 
7 1 ), 
IA U 
38 U 
53' / 
39' , 
33 
56 
A *. 
34 G 
2 3 '. 
3 9 ', 
22 U 
8’ , 
21U 
13' / 
U H 
IO U 
17 
37 
38’ 8 
14 
76 
TSH 
W H 
23' j 
78 
5? 
35 
4o' a 
52 
S IH 
7 H 
7 
IA H 
78 G 
W * , 
73H 
I? * , 
47 G 
S H 
15U 
5 '. l l ' . 
U H 
3 7 '. 
J IH 
I I H 
58 H 
13 
15*4 
I I H 
7 4 ', 
13' / 
A?*, 
A1, 
71 
23*i 
43 U 
45 >• 
71 
33' 
SO 

Clo Not 
Chg. 

5 
6 
- t 
38’ , 
) 
1 5H h 
5 7 U - 
3 
133, * 
6 
- *, 
76 3 4 
73 
U H - G 
8 ' 7 
22' * 
' 8 
53' ? 
7 
< 
9 ', 
27' , 
' ? 
3A ’ , 
3 
73 TO i „ 

8 ' ■ x 
16s, 
< R n u 
'ft 
61' . 
I 
9 U * 
'n 
33 G ‘ i 4 
16*. ♦ 
TO 
5' / - 
' H 
16 
- 
U 
9 
U G 
TG 
75' / 
34 
- 
U G 
18 
I 
13 
?6U 
25 
~ 
39’ « 
7 H - 
U ’ . 
13 f 
? P . f 
44' / J 
U ’ J ♦ ll 
15 
- 
16 
* 
37 G 
74U 
U H 
U H * 
13 
3 
9 U 
38 3 8 
19 
U H 
IS 
2 7 *, 
IO *, 
S H . 
71H 
IA U > 
38’ , J 
53’ , ‘ 
39H 
33 
57 
J 
A H * 
34 H 
23)', 
393, 
2 2 H f 
S H 
J IH 
13' / 
U H 
IO U 
17 
37 
U U 
14*. J 
76 
T V , 
W H 
73' J I 
78 H * 
57 
I 
35 
- 
4 o ', 
57*4 t 
82 ' , t 
7 H 
7 
IA H 
28*. 
IV ? J 
2 3H 
U U 
ATG 
8 * ,+ 
15U f 
S H ­ 
U H 
U H * 
37' ■ J 
J IH f 
I I H 
5V J 
U U 4 
15H 4 
I I H 
?A», 4 
13' / 
A T U * 
A’ , 
71 
1 
73’ * 
Al 
4 
4 5 H 4 
JI 
3JH 
SO 

82 
5 - F 

S t o c k S y m b o l s 

Soles figures a re unofficial 
U n le s s o th e r w is e n o te d , r o le s of dividends in m e foregoing table a re a n n u a l disbursem ents based on the last a u a rte riv o r sem i a n n u a l d e c la r a tio n . S p e c ia l or e xtra dividends or p a ym e n ts not d e sig n .it od os re g u la r a re iden tified in the fo llow ing footnotes o 
Also e x tra or e xtra s , b - A n n u a l ra te p lu s S to c k d iv id e n d , r - 'L i q u i d a t i n g dividend e 
D o cto red or paid in p re ce d in g 
I? m onths • —D octored or paid a tte r stock d iv id e n d o r s p litu o 
( 
P a id th is y e a r , d ivid e n d o m itte d , d e fe r re d o r no o r fio n to k e n a t la s t d iv id e n d m e e tin g k 
D e c la r e d o r p a id th is y e a r o n oc cum u la tiv e issue w ith dividends in a r re a r s n 
N e w iss u e r - D e c la r e d o r p a id in preceding I ) m onths pius stock d ivid e n d 
1 ■ P aid in slock In p re ce d in g I? m onths, e s tim a te d cash v a lu e on ex d iv id e n d or ex distr m otion date x 
E x d iv id e n d o r ex r i g h t s v 
Ex dividend and sales in tub 
/ — Soles in toil c i d - C a lle d 
* d - W h e n d is t r ib u t e d w i 
W h en iss u e d w w 
W ith w a r r a n ts 
• * 
W ithout w a rra n ts xdis 
Ex distrib ution vi in b a n k ru p tc y or re c e iv e r s h ip or bem a re o rg a n ize d under the B a n k ru p tc y 
A rt. or securities assum ed by such 
’com panies. 

Dlv. 

SunsM q 
18r 35 
5? 
12*, 
U U 
U H 4 
TO 
Super V a I 66 ll 
A7 
JJU 
73' , 
23 G x ", 
SoprQi 1 I 8o TO 
23 778 
27V ? 222 
5 
Supm kG 3o 
6 
52 
7G 
7 H 
T U - U 
Suprscp 25e 
6 
7? 
W U 
TOG 
TO’ , 4 1 a 
S u lro M lq 
33 
16 
6' ? 
6 G 
6 ‘ 7 x ”, 
Swank la 
7 
3? 
17 
16' 7 
TOU— ’ n 
Sybron 
SA 
8 rn 
U H 
U H 
17’ ? - 'n 
Sytirn pf? AO 
I 
A V , 
A IU 
A IU * 
G 
Sycor 
7 
Al 
I I H 
I V . l l ' # - u 
Svsfron 
58 
A 
5 U 
6 
4 TO 

I IO 

I AO 

UtM kO ei 
9? 
9 
ITO 
??' / 
7? 
2? 
. v h le o pf 
3 
3 
63 G 
63 G 
63 G 
U 
Of.ak SIO 
78 14 
179 
W U 
W U 
19’ ? 
' j 
©adnex I TO 
7 
23 
73 U 
73 
73 
'N 
Questor tar 
9 l l 
6 G 
K 
6s, 
6H 

RC A 
I I? 87? 
JZH 
77' / 
? /’ , 
U 
RC Apt 3 ta 
/TO 
AA 
AA 
AA 
R TE 
78 l l 
TO 
IO U 
9 U 
TO 
H r 
R .ii*,Par 
AO U 
635 
15’ . 
15’ , 
TOU 
Ram ..da 
o3n 19 145 
J U 
3 G 
3 * . 
R .fn f.'ln 
64 
8 
74 
W U 
W G 
W G 
R .iptdA n 
33 
E U 
6 G 
6 ’n u 
R ay bsf I 5oh 6 
9 
33'» 
J JU 
33 
R.xymnd 
1 8o 
7 89 
J IG 
2o / 
TO*. 
I 4 
R ayfhn I TO IO 
6? 
57H 
57 G 
5 7H 
I 4 
R )'adB af 
BO 
5 
95 
19’ / 
TOU 
TOU - l f 
R edm an 
46 l l 
7*4 
T H 
?)* 
< 4 
RenceCp 
74 TO 
8 
1? 
I I G 
I I H 
- ’ n 
R eevsB I Al 
6 
9 
? ? '. 
??’ ? 
??’ / 
ReichCh 
TA 
8 
TO 
18s. 
TOU 
TO’ ? 
R elnE I ta IO 
71 
TOU 
TOU 
TOU 
Ay 
R C F I pf 
3 
3 
85 
85 
85 
I U 
R H In G p 
6 
79 
W U 
W *. 
IV * . 
Ref Ch i pf 65k 
6 
76 G 
76 s h 
?6 G 
'N 
Rid In pi? AH 
3ft 
78 
?7’ » 
77G 
R i-pa bC p 
9 
TO 
ZU 
7*4 
Z U 
1 f 
RepF mb 
I 
6 
TO 
TOU 
TO ? 
TOU lf 
R epM 'g 
19 
I G 
V 7 
I U 
RepStl 
I to 
8 
155 
JAH 
JA' / 
3 a ' 7 i )i 
Rep Ti « I TO ft 
76 
3?' / 
37 
3? 
Rest vOd 
TV 15.358 
TOU 
U U 
17' ? 
11 
WgvcoOS 
24 15 
79 
71 
TO' 4 
'TOG 
' n 
Frf'vere 
75 776 
71s. 
TOU 
TOU 
39’ . 
Ay 
Rev'on 
VO 15 BOI 
W U 
39 
' n 
R e .h a n i 
4o 
7 
47 l l 
IO U ll 
R exiled I 44 
7 
TO 
3 5U 
35 
35 
A, 
R e yn ln J 78 
9 551 
ITOH 
65 U 
66 
I 
R eyM iA I 7o IO '785 
TO 
38 G 
I V . 
)| 
R eyM plA ta 
IO 
88 
86 / 
HI 
7 
R e y n je JO.* 
6 
76 
IO U 
IO U 
TOU 
R'ChCo 
I 
7 
6 
14* J 
14' 4 
14' / 
• . 
Rich M e r 
TO 
9 
96 
7 4 ', 
JAH 
74' , 
' n 
K tchm nd 
I 
IO 77? 
73 g 
73 
JJU 
R lerjfd T I ta 
5 
TO 
TO’ , 
19' 7 
TO x ft. 
Ri G r» " 
7o 
9 
185 
76U 
TSU 
2 6 '. 
/ 1 
R'O G r pf 
8o 
VO 
15 
IA H 
U U 
* , 
Rife* Aid 
JI 
TO UA 
IAG 
IA H 
U G 
I y 
Rabshw I 
IO 
91o7? 
J IG 
7o*. 
71 
Robe Ism 
5o 
6 
2 
77U 
JJU 
J JU 
I Robins 
37 
TO ITO 
U G 
1? 
1? 
G 
Roc hG I 
* 
8 
51 
TOS, 
TOU 
TOH 
I p 
Roc b t l 88<i 
8 AAI 
1 5 '. 
IA U 
15 
I ( 
I Ro* kowr 
76 s 
BA 
U ’ , 
U U 
U H t t 
Rf<hW«d I A 9 777 
33' / 
33' 4 
33' / 
G 
R k ln t pl 
7 
3o 
79*4 
79 * 
R ar.m tt I Th 
IO 
IT 4 
I? 
A? 
>4 
I Rah r ind 
7o 
6 ' , 
6 ■ 
6 « 
Rollins 
36 I? 
93 
TOU 
TOU 
T O *.. 
I Rex .son 
A 
A 
A 
A 
1 , 
I Rop» r ta 
5 
7o 
?3H 
73 
23 
* * J 
R arer A 
91 ll 
116 
19 * . 
W 
IV , 
Ros.4no 
WI) 1 1 TO? 
7 8 '. 
76 U 
JJU 
I 4 
Ro A W 
17 
6 
3? 
TO' / 
TO « 
TOU 
G I 
Roy CCOI 
8o 
E 1o9 
TOU 
TO 
TOU 
. 4 ] 
R o /ID J ta 
6 
389 
SAU 
SA 4 
54' 1 - *» J 
R 'tbbrn. 
Aft 13 
66 
T IU 
73U 
23G 
R is* TO I 
76 
I 
13 
TOG 
IO U 
TOG 
' J 
I Ryder J 
I 
7.9 
*1’ , 
IJ H l l* 1 
' 

T icor 
T R F C p 
1 R W in 
T R W p l A 4o 
I P W pl 4 SO 
T a l'B rd 
8o 
T a h o lt 
T alley 
TO 
I alley pf I 

32 
66 
8o 
9 
4 
152 
IT 
2 J p i I 
A 
I am p E l I 17 IO u o n o 
IV 
14 
44 
5o 
95 l l 
16 
133 
13 
857 
87 
413 

Tandy 
8 
T and yeti 
A 
T appar* 
74 
9 
Techm cr 4o 
9 
T e th n itlr 
26 
Technicn l l le k iro n x 3o IS 
Tefecor 
3o 
7 
I el ccw I 451 
5 
Teledyn plA 
Telp rm t 
Telex l l 
Tennco 
I 88 8 
T**voro 
I IO 497 fesor pf? 16 
59 
T e x a O 
7 
91799 
TexCom I IO ll 
79 
Tex ESI 
I 85 9 71o tx F T (if? JO 
5 
Tx F T pl? 87 
Tex GST 
J 
TxGs pl I TO 
I 
Tex ind lh 14 
4 
Tex Inst I 3? 7o ITV 
Tex Int 
14 198 
Tex CTG'. 
7o IO 
66 
TxP cLd 35e 18 
J 
T ex U lil I TO 
V U U sail I TO IS 1o5 

7 

Texan pi J 
Tex ti lad 
Tex iron I TO 
8 
T ex lr t>f?oft te x tr p it 4o 
Thiok bl 
84 
6 
Thorn Be* 
I 16 
T horn In 
44 
9 
Thorn J w 8o 8 
Th rifty 
48 ll 
T id w tM r 
TO 
6 IOO 
Tiger In i 
TO 
7 726 
T tm e Inc I 15 11131 
T im eM rr AO l l 784 
Ttm kn 
J TU 
9 
A 
1 1 sh m an 
24 IM 

2oU 
9 H 
3SU 
85 
76 
29' / 
5 
9 H 
U H 
18' ? 
36 H 
IJ 3 , 
IO 
36 
7 
I I H 
573. 
9' / 
AO*. 
94 
7 U 
?U 
3 4 *. 
U G 
7 7 *. 
7 9 '. 
JAH 
4oU 
2 7 *. 
3 o*. 
U H 
42 
15'« 
8 5 *. 
9 H 
78 
T V . 
TO*. 
JOH 
SJH 
4' 1 
76H 
JJG 
75 H 
??H 
14' 7 l l * , 
ISG 
9' « 
V U 
1 o), is 
7 J 
51' 4 
U U 

7 oH 
9 H 
35’ • 
85 
75 
79’ / 
A H 
9’ j 
12' ? 
IS • 
JAH 
U H 
9 H 
35 
6 s* l l * , 
5 7*. 
9 U 
58 / 
93' ? 
7 '. 
2 *. 
34’ / 
IA H 
2 7 '. 
2 7H 
36 
39 G 
7 7 *. 
JOU 
AJG 
42 
15 
83 G 
V U 
77U 
TV' 4 
TOH 
7 9H 
SJH 
AU 
TAH 
33 G 
25' . 
TTH 
JAH 
I I H 
IS H 
8 H 
U U 
IO' ? 
JA *4 
J IH 
SI ? 
IA H 

TOH 
9 ’ . 
3 5 H 
85 
- 
76 
* 
TV / * 
5 t 
9 H * 
U U 
18' / * 
36U 
U H 
V U - 
35 
A H f l l * . 
57 H 
V U 
59 
- 
93’ / 
73, A 
2*4 
JAH 
IA U 
77' • — 
7 7H 
36 
- 
AO'4 * 
77 *» 
3o*. 
A 7 H * 
AT 
I5 H x 
83 G 
9 U 
77U 
T a u 
TO’ . 
3o a 
5 3 ', a 
4* TO­ 
TAH A 
33*. 
2 5 '. * 
72 G 
JAH 
U H * 
15*4 A 
9 l f I A 
IO1 / 
35 
21 U x 
51' z x 
U U A 

R E STOM 
H 
R a tio ( M s ) 
C lo N ot 
Chg 

' 4 
Un Flee 1 .16 
8 
151 
IS H 
IS H 
TOU 
'n 
U ntri pf 
A 
/IO 
AS’ 7 
45' 7 
AS' 7 - i , 
' * 
U n E tp f J 7J 
3 
7 9H 
79' 7 
7 9 H 4 
•a 
UnF .del 
6 
TO 
S U 
S U 
5 H + 
' c 
' / 
Un© Ca I ? IO 
8 
68 
57s, 
57G 
57' 7 x 
11 
” 4 
UPac Cp 
JA 4o9 
5o G 
A V , 
49 H - if 
LinPac pf 17 
A 
U G 
U U 
1 7 *. A i , 
’n 
U m royel 
5o TO 712 
IO U 
IO 
IO 
- 
' N 
U rnryal pf 8 
ZUO 
87’ / 
87 
HT 
'N 
Un Br and 
8 
26 
V U 
9 
9 
- u 
U n B m d pf A 
I 
U ’ 4 
U H 
12’ , 
I . 
Uh’ ICP 
87c. 
A? io u 
IO U 
TOU 
' 4 
U n E n R s I 7? 6 136 
JZ H 
77’ / 
77 H 
U F in C a l 
24 
6 
AS 
I I G 
I I H 
I I H * 
' . 
' » 
U n G rn fy 
7 
17 
U U 
12s, 
U H * u 
U lllu m 7 aa 
9 
77 
27 
2 6 *, 
7 6U 
U n lllu pf? TO 
/ta 
24 G 
24 U 
2 4 ', 
Un. fin d 
7o 
8 
9 
73 G 
23 G 
2 3 H 4 
* . 
Un. fin n ti 
6 
7 
5 G 
S U 
5 U 
U Jer Bk I CIA 
8 
TO 
U U 
12' / 
U U 
’ N 
G 
Uni f AAM 
IT? 
I I G 
U U l i u x 
'n 
U 
U nN uclr 
IO U9 
3? G 
32’ ? 
3 7 H 
' 1 
U n P k M n 
18 
9? 
3 U 
7 U 
I Fa­ 
'N u 
U nR efq 
56 
8 l l 
U U 
U U l l " . 
U 
I , 
USRoS I ?6e 
15 
TOG 
TOU 
TOU 
* t 
H 
U S FidG 7 76 IO 7o5 
SOH 
AVG 
491. u u 
USGyps I 6o 12 122 
75 
24' 7 
2 4 U 4 
,x? 
’ n 
USGv pl I 8o 
3 
76"? 
76’ ? 
26' 7 
' 4 
1 * 
U SH nm 
16 
8 
77 
6 U 
6 H 
6 H 
U 
U S lnd 
AO V 744 
6 U 
6' 7 
6 U 4 u 
USLeasg 32 
5 
65 
TOG 
9 U 
TO 
H 
' * 
U S ftfy 
55 
3 
2 U 
2 H 
' a 
' R 
US Shoe 1 TO 
7 
VI 
73 U 
2 3U 
7 3 ', 4 
"a 
Mi 
USStoel 2 7o 9 367 
46 
46 U 
46' / 4 
'a 
US lo b e I AO I? 
15 
26 U 
2 6 *. 
76 ’ . 
' , 
Un Tech I TO 
7 51o 
36 )* 
3 6 ', 
36' / 1 
• , 
' j 
U nTch pl 
8 
TO 164 
TOI 
163 
4 ? 'j 
Uni le i 
I 2o 
9 64! 
TOU 
TO' ? 
TO' 7 
Urn Tel wt 
68 
I U 
V / 
I ' / 
"a 
H 
Un. Ti T on t a 
15 
73'« 
23' . 
23' a 
H 
Un. trod 
IO 
TO 
78 
Z U 
7 ’ n 
T H 
Univ ar 
56 
6 
79 
9 U 
A U 
9 U 4 
U n ivF d s 
I 
9 
IO 
??*N 
72 
72 
U 
Un Leaf I 88 
8 
75 
33' / 
3 3 ', 
33' 7 4 
' n 
Upiohn 
I OR 13 
164 
35 
M U 
35 
'N 
USL IF F 
AO 
7 798 
TOU 
IS G 
16' , 4 
. j 
Ma 
U s lile F 
96 
7 
12 
I I H 
I? 
U tahP L 3 17 
9 
BO 
A?' / 
A IU 
A?’ ? 4 i . 

1 
'U P L p f ? HO 
9 
J IH 
33 
33 

9*18 
6 
7 
VF CP 
I IO 
V S IC orp 
RO 
V alley In 
AO I? 
98 
V a n a n 
78 13 134 
V aro ln c 
TO 4 
Vcm do 
V enice 
TO 13 
VesiSc I 3le 
V etco 
7oe 
8 
V iacom 
Vi d o r C lOe 
V a E P w I 24 
Va E P p H I? 
V a E P PIA TO 
Va E P ptA 8o 
V a E P pf7 77 
V a E P pW 75 
V a E P pf? 9o 
Vornado 
V u lrn M I lo 

WF , 
IV 
7 H 
U H 
7 H 
SU 
9 
14 
21 
VO 
14 139 
77 
8 ASA 
/IOO 
/IOO 
/ISO 
/IO 
ZUO 1o7 
13 
3o' ? 
33 
5 G 
I 
75 U 

14*4 
18 
14' / 
V U 
14 r , 
AV 
49 7 
55'4 
85' / 

IO 

U G 
IV 
7 U 
U H 
7 ) , 
5 H 
3 H 
IA H 
I F , 
14 
8 ’ . 
14' / 
49 
49’ / 
SAH 
8 5 '/ 
1o6 
JOH 
SH 
2 5 '. 

 w 
7o 
TO l l 
78 
31 
7 
IV 
TBI 
/IO 
TO 
13 
77 
15 
383 
I 

W achova 54 V 
W ach R ly 
W a lM a rl 
IO 13 
W aigrn LIO 
7 
W lkr A I 4oa 
9 
W ell Bus 
66 
8 
W al i M u 
I 
4 
W att Jim 
I 
8 
W al IJ pf 
I 
W alt J_pt I TO 
W a rd e d A7t 
W arnaco 
W a rn s I 7o l l 
W rnC om TO 
7 
W rnerC o TO 
8 
W a r n e d 
I l l 57! 
W astiGs I 88 
7 
3 
W a s h N a l 8o 7 
17 
Wash SM 
I 
I 
13 
W asW at I 76 7 
U 
W a s le M 
TO I? 
7? 
W atkinJ 
32 13 18? 
W ayGos 
A8 IO 
IO 
W eanU n o5e 8 
8 
Wed pl? 7ok 
A 
W eathrd 
5o 
A 
J 
Wept) Dei l l 188 
We. SM kl 8? 
8 
16 
W ellsF q I I? 9 12o 
W ell AM SAe 16 
TO 
W IP 'P e J AO 
7 
W s tc lT r I VA 
W n A irL 4oa 
WnBnc 
I 5o 
W nN oA TOP 
W n P a cln 
W nP ubl 
SR 
W Union I AO 
W nU n pf 4 TO 
W U Ti pf? 56 
W estaEl 
97 
W estm or 
W stvaco I IO V 
W eybrg I 36 
5 

73 
I 
161 
6o 
38 
77 
14 
1o5 
5 
9 
61o58 
33 
88 
5 
W e y erh r 8o 18 8o6 
W eyr pt? 8o 
A 
WheetA 
6oa l l 
55 
Wheel P it 
345 
9 
W h e 'P it ptA 
/7o 
WI irlpoi 
I I? AIA 
W in ico n I IO 6 363 
W hiteM t 
J 
W hiting I IO 
A 
W h ittak r 
9 
W ickes 
JAr IO 
W .ebdtst 32 8 
W illiam s 
I IO 764 
W ilR irO l?e IO 
98 
W m n D * I 56 I? 
IO 
W m nbgo 
IV 
5o 
W inter J 8oa 
5 
6 
W .s cE P 
7 
9 79o 
W.sF pl 7 75 
WisGaS I TO 
WisG pf? 55 
W sc PL I TO 
Wise PS I AA 
W ilco 
I TO 
W .H rD 
TO 
W olvrW 
I? 

133 
9 
SI 
AA 
I 

/ 5oo 
8 
JI 

« 
MCC 
I JO 
6 
13 
IT H l / ' i a 
4 
'« 
)afclnd 
5o l l 
1o6 
TOU 
I?' » 
TOU 
A. 
*)<*k I (Ad pf I TS 
U 
79U 
TSU 
78 . 
Jekd* P 
I 
9 
J 
TO*. 
TOU 
TOU 
Dec KIP.A 
I 
9TO77 
25 
TAH 
2 4*. 
X c id P e * w t 
TM 
TO*. 
TO1 1 
TOH 
U 
Dc c . P pf 2 TO 
3 
AO to ta 
Dcc.P pl3 AO 
A 
TEG 
TE’ , 
TEH 
'a 
DeciP pf 
1 
3 
Z IG 
TTH 
TT*. t 
Dec <P P U 5o 
IT 
TT*. 
TTH 
7 T H 
' 4 
Dad)** 
1 TO 
6 
9? 
78 
7 7 ', 
7 7U 
Dado of 1 ST 
7 
A?' / 
ATU 
17' / 
U 
DhhiFd 1 ta 
9 JAI 
W H 
W G 
IE' ? 
D h f 'l pf } 9o 
I IEO at 
46 / 
AZ 
I m 
Dc F P pf J 36 
1 JOO 
83 4 
•3 ' 4 
83 ‘ / 
' , 
D t'F a pi TO Aft 
HEO 
111 
ITOH 
HO' / 
' * m e a pf ta TO 
/IOO 
I U ' 
IU * l l # 
' * 
/ I P A pf AIA iio 
ITE it s U 
U S U 

SC M f p 
$ o S t Oft 

( 
S <« It - * tty 
Saga CP si JcM n I 
S' TOL *P I I 
SiLSaF 7 St 
S Paw'S 46, s tR .g P I 6 

U l 
16 

 k' 
9 
7o 17 
36 
TO I? 

6 
5 ’ , 
ASG 
4 / U 
TO 
I I H ta 
JEU 
U U 
U U 
1?' 4 
Al U 
U U 
U U 

IU 

Se* en 
Al) 
5 
TO it 
Migs 
Aft 
9 788 
/ 
U 
8 
Ll (■GF 
TO 
7 
M 4 
14 a 
SJi a n a 
191 
6 
T 
Hsm 
I 1• 
Sn decs i6 
1o^# 
1o 
SF rind 
J 
I 
/ih 
MU 
>o • 
SF ’ Ind p 
1o* ll 
IO a. F 1 Int 
3o l l 
W I s? 
§!o* n 
S ir ut We! 
RF 
9 
13 
J 6 * 
H 
.ac 
6\ 
4 
% 

o " ( £ 
TO 
73 
A 
3’ 4 
6 a 
3 
6 J 

 r i p 
6 u 
1o nF A u 
I 
1$ 
IS 
F IO ! 
5 
1)^1 
13 , 
HM n 

TobinF* 
TOe 
TO 
S U 
S U 
S U todd S hip 
95 
14 
TOH 
TOU 
A, 
To'F dis 7 I? 
9 
15 
2 5 *. 
TSU 
JJG 
T o ted p*? 71 
I 
76-* 
26' * 
26’ , 4 
I 4 
Ton k ee p 
Ll 
5 
14 
TOU 
TO 
T O . 4 
* y 
TOO'Rot AOI) ta ll 
T U j 
T 
G 
Tree or 
JO 
7 
5 
TOU 
17s. 
17*. 
Trane 
I Kl 
9 
A3 
3 2 '• 
J IH 
J IH 
' , 
Teen Un I 76 
9 
AB 
16 
35 
JJG 4 
I , 
I INA 
A ll? 
TO' / 
TOU 
IO' / ‘ 
' * 
T A Apl 
J 
TO 
U H 
TOU 
TOU 
I 4 

Treie»#m 
66 
8 884 
U U 
TOU 
U 
' 4 

Trans p»i sn 
I 
IDI 7 
TOI' / 
1 o 3 / 
I ' . 
T ra n Ine I EJ 
73 
23 
T IU 
2 J U * 
I ^ 
H ansen 
9o 
I 
176 
IB ”. 
TOU 
TO' / * 
T reuse n 
57 
7 
SE 
IOU 
TOU io u 
' , 
TrG P o*6 65 
/SO 
/J 
TJ 
73 
I y 
T rG P pf I » I? 
ITO 1o5' 
1o5’ 
1o5' t 
I 
TrG P pl? 5o 
7 
26s a 
?6H 
26*. 
D a , .OFF 
78 
A ta 
TOU 
TO 
TOG 
Tr an w y I AO 
7 
At 
J ? '. 
7 /U 
7? , 
T reylrs 1 UR 
9 38J 
TOU t a u 
JO '. 4 
' n 
Treverie p i J 
3 
M G 
3EU 
JOU 
T rito n 1 82e 
88 
71 
7 o *. 
21 
* 
I 
Trientnd 
TO 
9' ? 
E '« 
9' J A I y 
T r.e P e t s Te­ A 
6 
TO’ 7 
TOU 
TO' ? 4 
*-J 
T n n ly ln a t1 
6 
61 
J J U 
2 3 '. 
23’ . 
*9 
Tropic en so TO 
64 
TBH 
TOU 
7 8 *. 4 k* 
T ocsnO I o8 
8 
183 
TOG 
U U 
TOH » 
SIJ 
I 
53 
TOH 
TOU 
TOH x 
, 
T ycoL ab 
AO TO 
77 
J IH 
H U 
71 I 
T vier f p 
6o 
7 
77 
TOU 
TOU 
? 7 U x 
>, 

Worn et co 
WoodCp 
WriOrtPld 
Wolwth I 
Wotw pf? TO 
We# I dA ir 
78 
W r.gly J Aft. 
9 
W u rlt/e r 
TO A 
W ylam 
AO 9 
Wyl yCp 

 to 14 n o 
TO 
7 547 
I I17 
5 t 
IO 
7? 

**ero* k lr a 
Votes 
I a l« < p lA'4-pltk 
I apa to fe r r e t H 
. I . > ll, P 
/u rn tn d 

X - Y 
I A) l l /V I 
Uke 
I 14o 
IO UA 
88 6 
54 
8o 
J 
1ob 4 
AA 
I 
6 
AA 
I I? 
99 
48 9 
SA 

18 
TO 
AH 
A 
TOU 
TOU 
1 6 ', 
16 
78 
77 G 
TOU 
TOU 
2 3 *. 
7 3 ', 
35 
M U 
I I H 
U U 
38 
37' / 
SH 
5' / 
7 *. 
7 ' 7 
3 oU 
TOU 
2 7 ). 
7 7 ', 
9 ’ , 
E U 
TSH 
2 8H 
71' / 
71’ / 
IT' j 
U U 
W U 
IE' ? 
J JU 
7J' 7 
TOU 
TOH 
TOU 
IE '? 
6 U 
6’ . 
5 H 
5 ' j 
TOU 
TOU 
9 ' , 
E U 
8 ’ / 
8 ) . 
741. 
24 U 
TTH 
2 7 *. 
IO' / 
IO U 
37 
36*a 
76' / 
7 6 ? 
S U 
I U 
TOU 
TBH 
IT * . 
U U 
IT a 
16’ . 
U H 
IT' ? 
IS H 
TO’ a 
5 1’ 7 
SOU 
26 ‘a 
76' a 
IT H 
IT * . 
V a 
V a 
TEG 
TE *. 
7 7H 
77' ? 
A h a 
AO*. 
58 
57 *N 
JA U 
74 H 
IT * . 
IT 
611 / 
61' / 
25 
JAH 
74*. 
JA * 
6 s, 
6 U 
JAH 
74 
6 
S U 
TOU 
TO*. 
8 
8 
75 
24 ’ 7 
8 G 
8 • 
Al 
Al 
5*a 
5 '. 
TOU 
TO 
JOG 
TO 
96G 
B6' ? 
W U 
W U 
79 
79 
JOU 
2o’ . 
W U 
W / 
SOG 
TO 7 
TO*. 
TO' / 
AU 
AU 
I U . 
IV 7 
TU 
7 ' 7 
25*. 
JAH 
26' a 
TSU 
ST 
36 . 
A’ . 
A'n 
TI 
T?'« 
U U 
U U 
A U 
E U 
I U 
I U 

 r - z 
S IU ta 
J J U 
TV? 
I I H 
I I H 
TOU 
TOU 
TOU 
TO'. 
I I U 
U U 
7 *. 
7’ / 
25 
74' ? 
TO*. 
TOG 

19H A 
19 
4 
7' / 
17' j 
7 * . 
5 * . 4 
A 
4 
IA H — 
18 
A 
14 
9 U A 
IA H 
49 
• 
49' / 
SAH 
85' ? 
1o7 
TOU 
5 H 
7 5 '. 

18 
4 
U H — 
16 
1 
78 
A 
1 
U U 
23 H • 
35 x 1 
I I H x ' 
37 H 
S U A ' 
7 H x ' 
TOH 
77' 
9 H 
TSU 
21' / 
U U 
19' / 
?'/’ » 
13H 
TO x 
A H 
I H I 
IS H 
A U ­ 
S U 
74 1. 
2 7 H x 
IO *,- 
37 
♦ 
76' ? 
S H A 
78A. * 
U U 
U ' • A 
U H a 
U U a 
S IH A 
JAH 
1 7*. 
I U 
TV*. * 
7 2 U - 
TOH — 
S T*. 
J A H - 
17*. * 
AI U * I 
J A H 
7 4 '. 
A U a 
24 
S H 
13' J a 
8 
24H 

 in 

S U ­ 
G 
AI 
14 
SU 
TO 
- 
TO 
- 
3, 
E 6G * 
*4 
W U 
TE 
A 
I 4 
TO** 
IE' / ♦ 
' . 
M i x 
' 4 
TOH - 
‘ 4 
AU 
I I H 
7' ? - 
'N 
25 
- 
76 
' n 
37 x 
' , 
AU 
' n 
77*4 
*4 
U U 
E U 
* , 
I U 
' ( 

N E W 
A p p ro . 
P rey roc 
Week at 
M i in rh . 
V i'or ago 
TOO 

ISH • 
I ti 

S O U - H j i n x 
I I H * *. 
1 5H x » » 
I I H A 
*4 
U H - 
T H — U 
7 4 'r - H l l * . - H 

Stock soles 
U ,OTO OOI t9 ASO (rot u tao oo( 
TS 7oo OOI 
75.448 IAI 
74 I?? AV 
9J7 SSO OOI t TAA 198 995 
9o6 W I AAI 

AO 75 
TO 
8 u ; 

Iu A l Inc 
UG ICP I 
' U G I pf 
Ii IM C m o 
1 
1 U M P T Ti 
H O P 
J Se i U V m d 
1 5o 
UY In /if I TA 
|t{A R C O I TO 
IN V J 

SA 
45 
/SOO l l 
15 
TO 
TO 
9? 
A 
AS 
I 
8 
3 
TOA 
UnB oncp IM IO 357 
H am p 
Ur'Carir 
I MO U 
7 8o 9 

TOG 
TO 
3o 
IA U 
I' I 
15' 4 
JAH 
TO' / 
J IG 
SO' / 
U U 
AO / 
Al G 
7 H 

TOU 
W H 
79 G 
U H 
I U 
IA G 
34 
TO 
T IU 
5o / 
12 
AO 
AO' 4 

TO ', 
W k, 
JO 
U H 
I ' ? ■ 
15 
JAH 
4o' ? 
T IU 
5o / 

6o 
A l '. 

( . a s h G r a i n 

H i t A G O 'A P I 
— 
W heat No J ho rd 
"e c ? rn 1*n Arvin, sd,*. 
No I soft r#d 
Her . 'M G ' 
Corn tfo J yellow 7 SA* ox taper 
2 49 1 or (b o .) O ofs N o 7 h#ovy 
Soybeans No I yet'ow ' i jn 
N o 7 y H to w corn T u e « jy o * o s Quo'ed 
I 54' rn (hopper I 2 AV zn (h o . I 
I O R I W O R T H (A P I 
W heal export 
»1 3 A? 
Y ellow corn 
? 67 7 74 
O oty 
>w sorghum a l l A JA 
(A P I 
W heat 57 cars oft 
No 
I h a rd I 64 »♦ x 3 o7r* 
No 
J red who! 
J 55». 7 69n 

o6 
J OS 
AN SAS C IT ' 

J t i 
No 

W heat future" 
C<ty Board pi 

IN . Y e Itoildl 

BIM F A T 
I S EEO b u ) 
O P#" 
Mig" 
Low 
C o s # 
P rey 
M a r 
. IR , 2 *o 
7 6 ’ j t i ' I 7 7o 
M a i 
I t ! ' , J 7| 
J ta u 
J 74',. a rf 4 
J y | 
2 BA 
J ft! 
7 OO 
7 HO 4 7 i4 
-NO 
2 93 -* 2 86 
* 7 87 
7 t o 11 Cm 
I UC 
I OO' 
2 96 x 7 Eft 9 J o o 

51ooo H>gh LOV 
C O R P O R A T IO N 
R O N O 

W ednfcd# I V c h a n g e bond 
S a lts 
L o w C 
5 

9 
AA' 

Am A k 
AM I A 

A I T 
I isus 
IO 1 !® o‘ , 
Ii* tit SH 
o ‘>|ooo l l 1o#1 v 
1o 
41 1 
o » i * ! U 
C TF 4 'a%1 
J I f a 
C H M * * 
H I H 
. 
C iltf p 
CVY *«yQo l l 
*2 
( W W W * 
9 H T W t l l 1oo 
O N in ii 
I v I ! i f 2 
I 
4# 
C o«)H M C p 
H i t 
I® Io®* 
C rater Ca 
1^1$ 
o f i ^ 
( r vi N 
oo IOU 
I 
I# ! § '$ ’: 
I M A r i l l 
V) f * mi 
C Y * e t* 
J 
Hit 
* 
% i W 
H 
% 
S I 
( i 4 : t i l l ) 
I® 
I 1 a i# l l I® i 
111 
1 * 4 * Ul# 
I 
%t 

AA 

1o5 • 
191* 

YO 4 
4V *4 
YO f f *4 f J f t t a a t o j t o 
S S S 
M i i i 1 
% t 1 a 
% f *9 i i t 
# 3 * i bi 

< h n a lia I i\«*<w| am*Is 

■U SO A , - L ivesto ck 

 to g g u t, v e ry < too need U S 
U S I 3 195 75o higher . 375 6oo 

 t heifers JA h gh#t ad com m ere ai 
/A b ib SIMPS 
OO J* 75 
S I. 

I x U l l t l l t 

 ifi, 51 fah 

H U III H in I M * ) nu l f I 

<#o 
I urn c I#|t§ i U 
M i i i 

* U M I IP N 
I O S S I 

 ti m 
11 #5 

71 SA 
SE 

1 rn 
* 

SAN A N T O N IO EXPRESS— Thursday March 3 1977 

4 'o m p lc l« » n a t i o n w i d e r o m p o l i t e p r §#*<** 
American stocks 
E x H i i N i v o i n K m i A n t o n i o 

New York (A P ) ■ Wednsday's national prices tor 
Am erican Stock Exchange issues as of Ame* close 
Prices anet volume consolidated tor securities disc traded on other markets 

Dlv. 
P E Sales 
M 

Ratio < bds) 
Clo Not 

Cho. 

A 
F PIS 
4 
7 
6' B 
6 
6 u 
AA R Cp 
36 
8 
3 
IO' / 
IO’ / 
IO"/ 
I, 
A AVCOS 
32 4 
I 
SU 
SU 
St,. . u 
A PSInc 
75 
7 278 
SU 
7 ’a 
7’ a 
A SPR O 
56 
6 
22 
11U ll ? 
U U 
ATI Inc 
3 
IU 
IU 
IU 
A ve Cl) 
4o 5 
17 
61'* ll 'a l l ’ a * 
"I 
A VXC p ?5f 
7 
8 
17 
H U n u 
' I 
AhrdMf 
4o 
13 
I 
AH 
6U 
6’ a u 
AcnicHm 
8 
V . 
IU 
IU 
Acmc-Pr 
6 
7 
2+» 
2U 
2’ a 
Aition 
?8b 
6 
5 
TH 
7 U 
TU 

ActonCp 
13 
35 
4' H 
4 
A 

AdobnOi! 16 72 
45 
14' . 
IC . 
IC . 
' ii 
AeqisCp 
9 
44 
I 1. l ’ a 
1’ a 
Aero Flo 15o 
5 
4 
9' j 
VU 
9U • G 
A ar one a ll 
IU 
I u 
I* . 
"a 
AtfitCap IO. 
4 
17 
4’ B 
I 1 a 
C a 
1 a 
AffdHsp 24 
7 
7 
8U 
8' / 
B U * I , 
Afti-r Six 74 
6 
I 
6 ’b 
6’ a 
6 ’ b 
A tan WOS 
?! 
7 ’ b 
7'a 
ZU + U 
A M U Air 
4 
76 
4’ b 
4U 
4’ a 
’ a 
AlhaWa o5e 67 
3 
7 
I 
7 
Alc Olar 
32o 
7 
1 
5 ’a 
S U 
5’ s 
1 a 
AtlcqCP wt 
7 
8’ / 
8'. 
8" . - U 
Ai Mg Air 
8 
AS 
SU 
5 
5"* 
AllnqA wto 
A 
?' / 
2U 
2’ ? + ’ a 
A11 cc; A WIN 
1o13 1613 1613 16 
AlldArt 
171 
I U 
IU 
IU 
AlldThr 
Sh 
6 
4 
14 
14 
14 
Aiphatnd 
8 
7 
2’ a 
2’ a 
TH 
"a 
Alloc CP 
6715 16 
'a IS 16 
Aline CP WI 
1? 5 16 
1 4 
U 
I 16 
AdnrFd1' 5o ll 
4o 
13 
H U 
12’ a t 
U 
Alcoa |)f 3 75 
/IOO 
48 
48 
48 
- 
1 / 
AAA A X WI 
SA 
S's 
S’ a 
5‘a 
A m Agra 
J 
3' a 
3 
3'a * 
"a 
Am Bidri IO 
A 
2 
8 
8 
8 
* 
’ a 
AmBrrt wt 
1o5 
18’ . 
18‘a 
18' / ‘ 
AC ontrl 
48 
9 
I 
ZU 
7> a 
7U • U 
A or F letch 
4 
IU 
IU 
IU • ' a 
AO a. Pd 
34 
8 
7’ a 
7’ z 
7’ a - 1 j 
Aint Piet 
4 
7 
4' a 
C a 
4' a 
' a 
AMrael 
Hr 
5 
3 
I U 
TH 
2U 
' a 
AMai/eA IO 5 
• 4 
B U 
8 u 
S U a Mat/eB 4o 6 
I 
B's 
S U 
SU 
A Mot Inns 
14 
7 
4’ a 
4’a 
4+8 
A.'jPt if ? TO 9 
4 
36*. 
36M 
36’a 
’ a 
A Trees 78a 
6 
7 
8U 
8 
S U + n 

ASafEq 
5 
45 
6 
5U 
5'a 
’ a 
Am Sn ti Oil 
19 
31 
H U 
IOU ll 
-' a 
Am Tor 
I Se 
6 
7 
SU 
5U 
5’ a - ' a 
Am UHS 63e 
7 l|5R 
D U n u 
'i* 
AegioC .I3e 
7 
21 
TH 
7'a 
TH 

Anti an 
TS 
7 
6 
TU 
7*. 
TU 

Anthony I9t 
4 
23 
SH 
SU 
SH 

AppldDla 
R 
9 
SH 
5' 7 
SH + ' a 
ApldDev 
16 
18 
S 
4 ’ b 
(7 a 
1 R 
AquitCd 
3o 11 
7 
IS'a 
15*. 
15*. . 
1,4 
Ara/CL 
IO* IO ll 
4’ . 
C a 
C a 
I j 
Ar/Col pf 18 
ArminCp 17 
IS 
6 a 
S ’ a 
6U + I 4 
3 
15 
6U 
A 
6’ a 
Arrow F 
73 
9 
5*8 
5 '. 
5". 
' a 
Ar un del 
39 
6 1 H 
6 
6>s * 
I j 
Asam ira 25 >o 718 
Io « 
9'a 
IO 
U 
Ash (OC ?oa 
9 
9 
IO’ / 
IOU 
IOU 
1 a 
AskinSvc 
X) 
I 
I 
I 
‘ 
16 
Astre > 
15.' 
8 
15 
J u 
4 U 
4U 
Atalanta ?oe : 
7 
S U 
5' a 
SU 
Alco Ind 
74 
I 
I 
I 
AtlasCM (We 8 SR 
4’ a 
4 
4 
AtldsCp wt 
5 
9 ‘a 
VU 
9’ a * 
U 
Ai/qat to ll 
2 
13'a 
13'a 
U U 
’ a 
AustralO 
18 
44 
16' . 
15’ . 
15’ . 
'a 
AMOT rn 7o1 ll 
6 '. 
6U 
6U 
Aute .Rad 
3 
17 
•V. 
C a 
4U * 
' a 
AgtoSw 
88 13 
7 
14 
44 
44 
1 4 
A VFM C 
TO 6 
13 
4U 
C a 
4U 
' a 
Avonddl I 2o 9 
I 
25’ a 
25 U 
25U + ' a 
A vdinCp 
7 
I? 
7’ a 

B 

V 7 
7' / 

Balder E L 74 A 
8 
17 
H U 
11+.- 
'. 
BartFd I 15e 
17 
16 U le u 
16’ a + ' a 
Bang Pun w! 
6 
IU l ’ a 
IU 
Punster 4o 
5 113 
I?' J n u 
I? 
• ' 7 
Banner 
o8 
5 
4 
SU 
5 
5U * 
< 4 
BarnesE 
34 
J U 
3’ / 
3 U * 
1 a 
Barnwl 7oe 15 
7 
9' / 
9*8 
9' 7 + 1 a 
B arrvW r 4-1 7 
I? 
IOU 
IO' / 
IO' 7 
BarthSp 
TO 9 
7 
3U 
J U 
3U + ' a 
Bartons 
I 
I ’a 
IU 
I ’ a 
BarwicX 
2o 
IU 
IU 
I ’ a 
Bel I md o8a 
6 
SI 
SU 
SU 
5*. * 
1 a 
Bikirus 
5 
77 
3U 
31 a 
3' a 
'a 
Berg Fnt 
144 
3 
2’ a 
TH 
TH 
' a 
BergenB 
17 
16 
S U 
SU 
SH 

Brq B pl I IS 
I n u 
H U n u 

Bern/O 
5 
?*% 
2U 
2U 
' a 
Berino 
14 
8 
I 
5' / 
5' / 
5' / * 
1 a 
BervenC o6 
IO 
3 
TH 
3 
* 
' a 
BefhCp 1oe 
I 
3! / 
3' / 
3U 
1 „ 
Bi vert yE 
32 
2' , 
I U 
?' / 
Re Pen 
48 9 
8 
13*. 
13’ a 
U U 
'a 
HiqVSup TA 
4 
6 
7 '. 
ZU 
TU 
' a 
Hu.SM I la 
J 
3 
16 
15U 
16 
* 
' a 
BmnySm 8o A 
16 
ISF* 
W a 
15' a 
Bit ssng 
3o 
5 
9 
6U 
A 
6'a * 
'a 
Bod in Ap oO 71 
18 
4'a 
AU 
4'a 
Bol i Ber 
TO 17 
I 
V a 
V a 
7U J 
' a 
RewVall 
IO tics ll 
19U 
19‘a 
19*. 
U 
B r'd id N 
7o IO* 159 
RU 
TH 
8 u 
Brand Ar wt 
7 
8 
8 
8 
Brose anA I 
3 
IR 
H U 
H U 
H U 
Bree/eCp 
15 
73 
A 
6 
6 
* u 
Br ewerC 
27 
IOU 
IOU 
IOU 
HroOnH TO 
6 
J 
J U 
3U 
3U 
"a 
BrooksP 4o 
5 
TO io u 
IO*. 
IO*. + '. 
BrownCo wt 
5 
2 
7 
7 
BniF B 
6o 
9 
23 
13'a n u 
U U + '. 
Brw nF pf 4o 
73 
4'a 
4U 
4'a 
'a 
+1J eh ler 
6 
75 
S U 
S U 
5' a ‘ ' a 
Rued md 4ob 
7 
13' / 
13’ / 
U U 
' . 
•+urgoss 
8 
7 
3'a 
3 
3 ftu+mq t IO 
6 
73 
13' / n u ll* * 
Turn sin ti 
T 
34 
9'a 
9' 7 
9* / 
’ a 
Bulter In 5o 
A 
IO 
IOU 
9’ a 
IOU 

P l Salat H 
L 
Clo Net 

Ratio (bd*) 
Chg 
E spey Mf 
A 
7 
5’ a 
3-“a 
S’* 
'n 
F sa Rad 
39e 
5 
8 
9'a 
9 7 
9"/ • Va 
- ssex Ch 
3? 
A 
15 
9 
SU 
8*. — 1 a 
T " I av 
15o 
5 
3 
3 
3 
E van Ar tor ll 
18 
IS 
14’ . 
IS 
+ ’ . t- rec Ind 
4 
4o 
I2U 
17U 
I2U 
Fxecntn 
Tit 14 
4 
41 ? 
4U c ? J 1. 
4o 

 i Dllnc Ole rn 
I 
2U 
2'a 
I U f aotnd ?5e 
A 
IO 
S U 
SU 
S' a * 
' a c abien 
4o 74 
13 
A 
3U 
3U - 
C a.rTex 
I 
IU 
I u 
IU 
' a 
; airt Nob 
IO 
? u 
2 
2 
'a 
+ al c on S 
I 
9 174 
39 U 
38 / 
38'a * u 
PamDolr TO A 
I 
SU 
SU 
5+a 
"a f ashF ab 
46 
IU 
IU v a 
"a 

IU yD rq 1oe 13 
I 
16’ a 
16’ a 
16U 
Va 

FndMnrt 6o 
5 
4 
K U 
IC . ic ,. 
I cdR tty I 24 13 
4 
14’ . 
K U 
U U * 
'a 
FedRes 
35 
4 I. 
4*8 
4U 
'a 
F et mn* l?e 7? ll 
TO "a 
TOU 
TOU 
' / 
Felswav 36 
5 
IO 
9 
9 
9 
+ 'a 
* tbrebrd wt 
715 16 
'a l 5 16 
Lilm CpA 
13 
IU 
IU 
IU 
' a r ilmw'v o5r 
8 774 
9*. 
9 
91. 1 U 
FinGen 
4o 
6 
7o 
IOU 
97a 
IOU * 
U r (Conn 25e ll 
IO 
7 
6 U 
7 
* 
*a 
FstSl Sh 
F stmrk 
IS 
IO 
2 
IO’ / 
7 
IOU 
2 
IOU 
2 
' a 

FischrP ISI 
6 
71 
K U 
13'a 
IC a * 
' a 
1 I agst att 
6 
15 
4' 7 
4 U e 7 
Flights! o9e IO 179 
13 
12'a 
12'a 
' 7 
< lot k 
77 
’ a ll 1611 16 
I 16 f laCap 
5 
9 
4U 
4U 
4U * 
' a' 
1 laRck 
IS 
47 
4 
3'a 
3'a 
'a 
FlowGen 
6 
AT 
4' a 
•IU 
C 4 I 
' a 
"lownrs 
6o 6 
A 
18U le u 
18U 
’ a nuke J 
IO ll 
16' / 
15'a 
15'a 
' 1 

C lyD'aO 
8 
77 
??U 
71 U 
71 'a i/j 
Foodwys TO 6 
31 
H U ll ll 
U 
+ ootc'M 25e IO 
® 
8' a 
7' / 
8 
* "7 
Fores*Ct o5e 
? 
ZU 
7U 
7'a 
' a 

I oxStaP SO 
F ran kin RI ll 
79 
9 
9 '. 
3U 
9’ a 
3’ a 
I U * 
3’a 
' a 

 t rank Nu 36 A 
I 
9U 
VU 
9’ . * 
U 
Fresnillo 4o 1o4 63 
2o'. 
IOU 
2o’ . * i4 
F r 1 en rn 24b 
6 
IS 
S' a 
5 
S U 
Friqtm p S5t 
6 
I 
RU 
8’ a 
S U 
* rischs 3ob 
7 
13 
6'a 
6 U 
6 U 
'a front Air 19t 
1 76 f rom Air wt 
S t 

6U 
7’ 7 
6 a 
7"? 
6’ a 
2’ /. 
U 

GR ICP 
7? 
3 
TH 
2'a 
' a 
GTI 
13 
5 
2 
2 
2 
+ ' a 
Gabriel 
4o 
5 
71 n u 
13 
13 
Galax y 
6 
14 
4'a 
4*. 
4U 
U 
Gar an 
6o 
5 ll 
9U 
9 U 
9' / 
'a 
Garland 
4 ll 
A 
4 
4 
. . 
GatesL riel 
3 
3 
IO 
IO 
IO 
"a 
Gaynor 
IS 
'a 
'a 
'a . 
GnEm p 19r 
I 
2 
2 
2 
GenF x p 
13 237 
9U 
B U 
8*. 
'/ 
GnHous 
4 
16 
? U 
2 
2U 
U R ere 
13 
IU 
IU 
IU 
Gerber 
A 
I 
5’ .* 
5’ a 
5 '. 
1 4 
Giant Fd ta 
S 
3 
17 
16u 
16U 
GiantYel 
IOO 95 
HU 
8 
8 
J 
' a 
Ca add mg 
17 
3’ . 
3U 
3U 
Giasroc k 
73 
S U 
SU 
SU 
Ola* TI tr I 8o 
A 
71 
OSU 
35 U 
35U 
'a 
GlenD'S Ut 
8 114 
16*. 
16’ a 
16’ . > ' ; 
G lobe In 
7o 
5 
19 
17’ « 
17’ a 
17'. 
"I 
Glosser 
3? 
5 
I 
IO 
IO 
IO 
- 
' 8 
Glom st E 
Glover lOe 
4 
3 
I 
I? ’ a 
3 
12U 
3 
12' a . 
3 
GoldnCyc 
66 
6o 
12+8 
12’ 
12+b * 
I - 
GoidnW toe 
7 
72 
IO’ / 
IO’ / 
IO1 / 
I 4 
Cjoldfioid 
7913 16 
U H 
16 + I 16 
Goodrich wt 
17 
7U 
7U 
7U 
' r 
GormSt Hie 
5 
I 
I U 
C a 
C a 
'« 
Germ R 9oa 
• 
2 
7o'b 
2o*a 
2o7» + 14 
GrandAu 3o 
5 
I 
7> a 
7’ a 
7'a 
G md CII 
3o 
6 
8 
TH 
TH 
TH * 
U 
GI Am led 
A 
77 
A 
SH 
5'a - U 
G 'Basin P 
61 393 
A' 7 
6' a 
6’a 
+r 
Cd LkCh 
78 
14 
79 
35 7 a 
35’ * 
35'a + ’ * 
Grem m n 
4 
4 
3’ . 
3' a 
3'a 
G R F IT 
IO ll 
4 
6’ a 
6’a 
6'a ‘ 
'a 
GrowC ,32b 
6 
TS 
OU 
8'a 
8'a u 
Gua rd C 
5o 
9 
5 
VU 
9’ a 
9*a + u 
Guilford 7o 
4 
8 
4’ . 
4’ a 
4’ a + u 
GlfOilCan toe 
Gndstrm 
726 
7 
76' 7 
S' 7 
26’ / 
5' j 
26/ + 
5' / 
Va 

Nat CSS 2o 
NatHlthF. 
Natlnd wt 
NKinney 
NtParaq 
NiPatent 
NtSilver 
N'Spinng 
NatSyst 
NatwHo 
Net seer 
NellyOon 
Nelson L B 
NestLM 
N FN uclr 5o ll 
NHamp 4oa H 
Nldria o4e 
8 
NMex Ar 
1o3 
N Proc 
63o IO 
NYTim es 6o 
NewhEn 
Newcor 
Newprk 
NiagF Sv 
Noel Ind 
Nol ex 
Nortek 
Nor Am R 
NorCdnO 
N IPS p t4 25 
NovoCp 
Nuc iDta 
15 
NumacO 
23 

OakwdH o9r 
Otfshore 
OhioB 
2a 
OhSealy .48 
OnLineS 
OrioleHo 
Drmand 
OuidrSp 
DverhDr 
Ozark A 

Ii 

X Pet 
2oe 72 12? 

( 

33*a 
37' a 
37'a 
, 

D K P 
IR 
IO 
3 
3 
3 
MHF d 
3 
I 
A 
6 
6 
'a 
HC CP 
16r ll 
27 
VU 
9 
9 
M K P 
9 ll 
3 
3 
3 
RSO--. 
TO 4 
6 
7U 
7 
7 
Sf CP 
64 
5 
73 
12 
IV 1 i r a 
14 
•‘bicorn f 
3 
9’ a 
9 U 
V*. al dor 
9 ll n u 
U U 
U U alcomp 
81 
3*8 
J U 
3*8 
"a 
JI Lde 
5 
I 
3 ’a 
3 U 
3’ a al PrtC 
I IO 
17 
17 *a 
17*a 
17*4 a*n CO 
78 
6' a 
6U 
6U » U aC bb A 
33 
3 *» 
I U 35 16 
16 anifilr* 
6 
4 U 
4’a 
4'a • 'a d n f xp o5e ll 
3 
6U 
6’ » 
A a dnHomO 
19 
32 
6' / 
6'a 
6’ / din P A I SO 
7 
79 
2o 
7o 
TO 
' a en Marc 2o ll 
16 
3‘a 
J U 
J U 
16 imMier ll 
6 
IC a 
14 
14 
(, 

 dnOcci 
SO 
J 
I 
ISU m u 
I SU 
' a dhSupO apitiFd 7o 
9 
8 
39' / 
39' , 
391 / 
'a 
5 
IO 
3 
3 
3 
.res sa 
» 
7 
12 
5 
4’ a 
4'a 
'a am a' 18o l l 
68 
72' / 
72 
TV 7 * 
* 1 arr cl Dv 
72 
C r 
4U 
4U 
•a astir A M I 
7 
6 
16 , 
16' a 
16 /* 
U 
«tsF d I 2oa axtti-tn 
9 x5 
6 
17’ a 
J a 
17 *a 
2 
17’ a 
T m av arn l?e 
I? 
74 n u 
13 
13 
'a elluCtt 
9 
26 
TH 
IU 
TU m tSrc SO.* envill 
I 25 
I 
68 

A It 
W a 
6’ a 
18U 
6’ a 
18’ a 
'a erM pf? 25 
16 
73 a 
Z3 
21 

HallsMot SO 5 
25 
IC a 
13'* 
13’ a — +4 
MampD I Se 16 
14 
6'a 
6’ e 
6'a 
HampM 
7 
2o 
I U 
4’ a 
4'a 
'n 
Manrdrd 6o 
5 
7 
I?'a 
17' / 
U U * 
HanyrSh 6o 
5 
I 
IO' / 
IO' / 
IO' / n 

Man SORI 
16 
5 
4'a 
■IU 
Har’ and 
6o ll 
64 
2o’ / 
TOU 
7o' / 
HarttdZd 
IO 
4' a 
C a 
C a 
' 1 
Hart/M 22e ll 
13 l? ‘ a 
I? 
U U ‘ 
’ * 
Harvey 
7 
I? 
I 
I 
I 
Hasbro 
5 
JO 
8'a 
8’ / 
8' / 
+1 
Hasting 4oa 
6 ll 
IOU 
IOU 
IOU 
Haw a 1A lOr 
I 
I 
C a 
C a 
C a 
HealtbCh 
IO 
A 
7U 
ZU 
7’ a 
HealthM 3o 
4 
5 
7 a 
7 
7' a 
Hi uiak 
1oe 
8 
6 
IU 
I u 
I U 
He! tm Mfg 
5 
I u 
IU 
I U 
Hdlhavn 37 
5 
I 
6: a 
6' a 
6'a 
1,, 
Hiptrmc 7o 15 
U 
6‘ a 
A m 
6' a + 
HolngA I 8o IO 
3 
79 
28' a 
78U + u 
Hoi I yCp 
9 
34 
S U 
5‘a 
5*a 
HOmeOA 75 
8 
32 
78' / 
78' / 
28' / + 1 a 
Hormel I !2 
7 
8 
76’ a 
26’ . 
26*a 
’ a 
HOH* M 
6oe 77 
17 
8 
8 
8 
Hotel In I 37* 
I? ll 
17'a 
U U 
U U 
'a 
HousRon 3o 
5 
3 
AH 
4’ a 
4U + 'a 
HouseVi 3? I? 
17 
4' / 
4’ / 
C 7 
HosMlnn 
27 
8 
8’ / 
SU 
8u 
' n 

HouO'IM 8o 721o5o 
47' / 
45 »* 
46'a 
Howell 
15e 
3 
18 
4‘a 
4' a 
4' a 
Hubell A I SO IO 
5 
JC / 
34' 1 
34' 7 
' a 
Hubei IB I 5o IO 
3 
3C / 
34' / 
3C 7 
HudsnGn 
I 
5 
5 
5 
Hut BO 15? 
I 
52 
31 
33' a 
33' / 
Huff rn an 5o 
4 ll 
12'* 
U U 
U U 
- 'ii 
HuntHlt ISI 
5 l l 
3U 
I U 
3U * 
’ a 
-luskyO 8o 
8 372 
23' / 
TTH 
23' a ‘ 
H 

Myteflnc 
18 
3o 
4 
3’ a 
3’ a 
’ a 

 ar Iron 
4 

 idee Cp 
^ ad PA* to.) nampHo 
■ ir tMd hem F * h.Riv I AOA 
•ira Dry hi UHN Id 

S 
5s 
14 
7 istna IO*- 6 i Five 
14 

79 
I7 
122 
3 

 ire lek 
TP 

 ity& .Fi aa tar* el 

I He 
. 2o 

I ie 
25 

 lar kson 
Musing lope* cai* hm 
(»iuim 
12t 24 nl *>m an rn 8 
Otselic 12 6 omOrp 14 ism AU IO.* 
/ 

>m PAU Mb ll omd int 
4 
>Ps*c 
IO 
J 
I 62 p 
-SSK 

 impi 
’HOH 

6 
32 It 

42 
2 
7 
1 <2 
84 
2 
3 
1 
2 
I 
3 
165 
23 
128 
3 
62112 
I25 
2552 
115 
28 
3 
6 
12 

4' } 
3U 
» ' a ll' / 
IOU 
I U 
4 
2 
12 
W U 
6 / 
2U 
W U 
13*. 
2'* 
15'. 
I' • 
16 • 
PH 
I U 
IOll' a 
5'a 
9 U 
198>« ll' a 
2' / 

*5 
12o 
9 
It 
3o t 
5 

12 
JU* • 
2 *»', 
) 
21 a 

4'I 4 
I Vs 
16 . 

2' a 
S '. 
3 'a 
4' J 
3*. 
25 ll' a 
W I 
3 'n 
4 
IU ll* . 
IO* a 
6' » 
?*a 
IOU 
13*. 
2'. 
U H 
J 

ISH 

TU 
V a 
1o 
11 
4'a 
9>a l/U 
I * 
W / 
2‘* 
Va 
IO 
4'a 
K) 
IV . 
4’. 
IO'* 
I ' > 
1 
V * 
IS '. 
4'a l a 
IS'* 
14 
(V a 
27'* 
2‘a 
2 
2o*. 
4’ I 
Va 
16 4 
36'« 
9*i 

I i 

24 
Mb t t 
2o*- 19 
Itta 
'16 
2 
I 
V 
I St 6 
< v ( | A 

 txh-i 
> ah I De i-*e#'xey 56 ii «ilyn 4oe k»n*‘Pt 

*a* 

WU 
21*, 
4'a 
V a 
1 
2 a 
MV. 
H U et*. 
I i i 
2*. 
12‘a 

6'a 
I ‘a 
I2'a 
•4*. 
IV I 
S U 
Ti'* 
I*» 
>2 
It's 
IO . 

2' a * 
54. * 
3*a 
4' 1 
1*6 
25 . * 
11*4 — 
1o'a 
3*a 
4 
V a 
I Va 
IO** 
6 /- 
2*a 
1o'a * 
11*4- 
7U x 
15'. X 
3' a 
16 
TH 
I V 
IO 
* 
II 
X 
5 
9 '» — 
17'a f a 
IO*. 
2 Hr - 
Va 
IO 
4'a 
IO'a * 
I V . 
4 ** • 
IO 'J * t v 
1'a-i 
V J 
15*. * 
6*. 
3*. lS'a 
14 
I V a 
29 
2»* 
2 
2o*. 
4’ J 
V a 
16'. 
36*. 
3o* a 
4'. ll*. 
II' J 
U ’ a 
U U 
S '. 

72' 1 
IO '. tO'4 
TH 
16*» 
9*. 
21/ a*. 
3*4 
I 
7'a 
16*. 
I Va lf' / 
I3U 
P*. lf. 
16'a 
IO< a 

IC AUK 
I APC 6Ag 
JO 6 
SC F ml 
3o 23 
I I ICp wi m pch 
3oe 
6 mpGrp o2e 9 
Im lier Ind ni’pO i'A 86 ll intolrm 
13 
InPL pl nslrSys im Sv pl 75e m «iR e s 
5 
Intrmed 
IO nil Alum SO 2 inlBnknl 
9 
Kl FdSvc 
Intfunrt o5e ntG«*nln 9o 5 intProin ll 
,nt S'rlt h inlSyCon 25 6 mlerpool 
2 nterway 
2 invest F la invDvA 2oe 5 nvD vB o5* 
5 tnvRiTr iroqBrd 
2o lr vin Ind 16t 4 sraelO 7Se 

1 26 
S2 
5 
I 
9 '6 
/IOO 
IOO 
6 7 13 3 
3o4 
43 

I 
I3 
IS 
135ll 
St 

I 

21o 
35 
I 
TO 

Ja ilye 
4o la* ot/s 
4Sr iamswy QSr leannet 
4o 
Jetromc tohnPd 
36 
Juniper P 
Moiler 

5' I 
6'* 
2'a 
'a 
5'a 
V a 
7*a 
71' J 
14'a 
48 7 
Va 
IO' 1 
Va 
2'. 
I 2'a 
3 'J 
V / 
7'» 
13'a 
6' i 
V 1 
24*. 
IS' J 
16'a 
V . ll' I 
4’ ? 
5'a 
2 
6'. 
6'a 

2'a 
17'a 
9-*. 
II *. 
2’a 
I 
3'a 
S '. 

S' / 
6'a 
2’ i 
'a 
5*. 
Va 
2J a 
2 Va 
13'a 
48' J 
1 
IO 
V . 
2'. 
12*. 
3'. 
Va 
7' /* 
13’ a 
6'a 
V » 
73'a 
IS'a 
16 ‘a 
I*. 
12'a 
4 1 
5'a 
2 
61. 
6’a 

2'a 
12’ a 
9'a 
I V . 
2’a 
8 
3'a 
J 

S' / 
6’ a 
7' / 
'a 
5'a 
P e 
2** 
21*8 
14 
48' J. 
I 
- 
IO1 ? * 
I j. 
2'. 
12'a * 
3U * 
1*a 
2'a 
13'a 
6U 
Va 

74'a • 
15'a* 
I6'a i 
1*4 
18 
- 
41 ,. 
S'a 
7 
6'. 
6’ a 

7>a 
17’ a 
9*. ■ ll*. 
2'a t 
3'a 
S’ j 

757 
38 
4 t8 
6 

 kdisrlnd 26 a aneM til wi k apokT Ior 
7 a AyCp 
2o 77 kenwin 34*1 6 
Ketch rn tor 
5 
Kewanee 72 ll 325 keys!Ind 3o 4 
3 
KinArk 
7 
7o 
K n q R d 2oi 
7 
2 
K.rbyEx 
12 IOO 
Kit PAtq 
9 
3o 
KleerVu 
4 
I k nick Toy 
It 223 
Kollmr 
16 IO 
4 
KiihnStr IO 4 
7 

IS '. 
4' a 
4’ a 
6'a 
8 . 
5 '. 
4V a 
7'a 
I*. 
8' 4 
3o*4 
S '. 
4 
16'a 
I6’ a 
6'a 

 t SB md 'Or 
5 
I T V Corp wl ce Brirge o6 14 

IS' a 
4'a 
4'a 
68'a 
5*4 
4o’a 
7*a 
I U 
8' a 
78'. 
5 
4 
IS 
16'. 
6 'a 

J* a 
7o7 5 16 5 16 a Mawr 2o 
L aQumta i e l* Pud 36 ceKi-Shor 
I .in.vo o8e ti* Tour B 
• le d cm 4o<i 
LeatbCa SO 
C**eFntr 6o cee Nan 
1 ehighPr 
L.-.gi Pa 6o leisoreT 
L c v iiiln 2i 
I ew s B F 3o 
LiW yt «o ugh loir 
16 t mein Am 
I lOydsEl t OflpeS 17»- i ohmn 8o<i 
I dew The wt 
I milton logistic o6*’ 
,iG.mSv IO couisCe I 32 

 w ay El 

*. y.iChCp 

3 
4H 
IOU 
7' a 
V t 
3*. 
7'a 
9'a 
W a 
TS'a 
V . 
S'a 
17 
V a 
7 
7' a 
9 ‘a 
6*. 
J 1 a 
6'a 
2‘a 
T91 1 
8*. 
IO’ . 
3‘ a 

'n ' a 
77‘a 
3'* 

 r 
4*a 
1o'a 
TH 
TH 
3'a 
2 a 
9*. 
1o'a 
2S*a 
V . 
S'a 
V 'a 
V a 
7 
71 a 
9 a 
6*. 
3*a 
6'a 
2’* 
19’ a 
•'a 
9'a 
321*' 
72‘a 
3'» 
3'a 
Va 

IS'a * 
4 *4- 
4'a 
6 8'* 
S*. 
4o' N 
TH 
1'a l a 
28*4- 
S '. * 
4 
' 
IS *4 
16'. 
6*» 

3*a* 
S 16 
2'a 
4*« « 
1o'.- 
7*a 
2'a* 
3'a 
7' a * 
9'a* 
IO'a 
25'a * 
V . 
S’a 
11 'a 
V a 
I 
. 
7' a 
9** 
6*. ■ 
3*. 
6'a 
7*1 
19' a 
•' a ■ 
IO'a 
3?1U 
77*a 
3'a 
3'a 
V. 

Dlv. 
P E Sale* 
H 

Ratio (M t) 
Clo Nat 

Cho 

N 

5 
96 
I Se S 
117 
IO 
36 6 

79 

5 
6 
65 5 
3o 
o4 13 
IO 9 

56 

25 
1oc S 
5o lOe 

S 
9 

153 
8 
7 
7o 
2 
7 
8 
71 
73oo 
21oo 
9 
9 
/SO 

PF Ind 
P N B M R WI 
PG Ep f A I SO 
PO E PID I 25 
P G E p f T 7 54 p g e pi s a 6? 
P G E p f R 7 37 
P G E p tL 7 25 
PG Ep fK 7 o4 
PG Ep f J 7 32 
PG Ep f I I o9 
PHoldq 
.16 
Pac Lt pf4 5o 
PacLt pf 4 75 
PNwTel 1.3? 
P a c P l pf 
5 
PailCorp .4o 1 3 
55 
Palom rF 
ISO 17 
PandelB 
3 
13 
Pantast 
3o 
7 
9 
Parsons 
8o 5 
Pntagon 
7 
PatoCG I 7oe 
4 
Peer Tu 7oa 
8 
Pemeor 
TO 
5 
PEC p 
.4o! 
5 
PenobS 2oe 6 
Pentrort 
8 
Pep Com 6o 
4 
Per ini 
3oa 
4 
Pellet 
8 
PetroLe ll 
P h iltD 63e 
3 
Phcx>nix 
Piedmnt 
5 
Pioneers 
Pion Tex 8o 6 
PitD M I 7oa 5 
Pl aer Dv 8o 13 
Plant tnd 
Plantrn 
o8 14 
Pl yGem 51* 7 
P ly m R B 
3? 
PneuSca 8o 
Potoron 
Polychr 79t 8 
PrairieO 
16 
9 
PrattLm b I 
7 
6 
PrattRd 
3o 6 
3 
PrenHa I 12 17 ll 
Presley 
IO 1o3 
Preston 
2o 
8 ll 
Prim MI ITI IO 
5 
PrpCT I 2or IO 
I 
ProvG as BO 8 
5 
P rd R iE 
16 88x 1o 
P i ud B ig 24 5 
I 

25 
21 
TOH 
2o’a 1 "a 
98 
IU 
Va 
Va 
3 
1 / 
' 7 
'/ 
59 
2+8 
2U 
7'a 
22 
8+a 
8U 
8’a 
Va 
223 u n l l ' / 
H U 
U 
52 
4' / 
C a 
A1 a— '■-a 
8 
3' ? 
3". 
3’ / + 
6 
Ca 
4' . 
C a + "a 
8 
IOU 
IO io n 
5 
4 ** 
Cg 
4’ a ‘ 
"a 
2 
Ha 
IU 
1*4 + ' a 
3 
2 
2 
2 
2 
1+4 
IU 
1+4 + "a 

A 
78+4 
28". 
TSU 
Va 
9 
16 > 15'a 
15*4 - 
"a 
29 
I U 
I U 
I U .. 
"a 
5 
34' a 
34 
34'V + ' a 
7 
IOU 
1o'a 
IO Va + "• 
3 
15'a 
15’ a 
15’ a— ' a ll 
15 'a 
15U 
I S U ­ 
"a 
3 
2o'b 
TOU 
TO** * n 
59 
6U 
A 
A 
— Va 

I 
14’ a 
U H 
14U. . 
9 
TH 
TU 
2’ a + Va 
21 
C 7 
4U 
C / + ' a 
3 
3’ / 
3'a 
3 'v n 

24 
IS 
IC / 
14 / 
‘ a 
116 
7U 
7'a 
7’ a 
"a 
/IO 
53U 
53U 
53U 
I 
TH 
?'a 
TH 

31 
9' / 
9U 
9'a 
23 
U U 

( ) 

 u n 
U U 

4* ' 9 I* 
9 ’a fig 
8 
17' a 
17 
17’ a 
37 
45 
44’ / 
45 
* 
I J 
36 
8 a 
8’ a sn - 
"a 
19 
19' / 
19’ a 
19'a 
’ a 
5 
6< a 
6 "a 
6’a . 
7 
7' / 
2’ J 
2' / 
' a 
A 
7' a 
7U 
7' a 
"a 
31 n u ll <s n u 
87 
4 n 
3*4 
A 
‘ 
H 

■ 
3 r 
V / 
V 7 
V 7- 
"a 

The Market In Brief I 

NY Stock T v lunge Issues 
Wednesday March ? 

UP 
68? 
VOLUME 
1 

?!748 39o 

S H IR E S 
I 
DOWN 

/I______ 
, Unchanged 
. 
484 

I---------- 

ISSU ES 

TRIDEO 

A t a (a la n e * * * 

New York Stock Exchange 
678 advances. 7o4 declines 
Most active Marriott IO '.— U 
Sates 
18,o1o,ooo 
Index 
54 56 o 12 
Bonds $18,7oo,ooo 
American Stock Exchange 
757 advance*}.. 325 declines 
Most active HoustonOilM46U— ' / 
Sales: 2.25o,ooo 
Index 
111o2 O H 
Bonds $1.o8o,ooo 

Vi hat S to rk s D id 
Prev 
Today day 
Advances f 8 ion 
Declines 
?o3 
4o9 
Unchanged 
484 
42? 
Tolal issues 
1865 
1872 
New 1976 27 highs 
76 
32 
New 1976 77 lows 
9 
9 

Approximate New York Stock Sates 

W Y S E 
Indei 
54 56 - o 1 ? 

S i f 
Comp 
IOO 39 - o ? ? 

Dow lones Ind 
94? OI - ? 6 6 -c 

DTV. 
P E f a in 
H 
Ratio (IMN) 
Clo Not 

Ch*. 

 total Pet 
9 27 
7'a 
6'a 
7 
TotPet wl 
76 
7' «2! 16 
2'a 
TownCtry 
2 
2*. 
71. 
2*4 I *V 
TransLux 
I 
? '. 
2 '. 
2 ' . . . . . 
Tredwy o5r 
4 
6 
3 
3 
3 
Trico lOe 
9 4o 
7 '. 
6'a 
6’a 
'. 
Tubo-^M 
17c 
342215 1677 1627 16 
' j 
Tunco 
TOC 
6 
3 
7*. 
?*a 
7 '.* *» 
T wm Fair 
7 
6 
3' ? 
3' / 
3' /. 
. 

I 3 16 3 16 
16 
I7'« 
17*8 
14' 
?8 'b 
29’ b 
78 
25'. 
24'i 
76’ J 
13 
14’ . 
51'J 
55 
19 
6o 
37'. 
I ' j 
4 
5'a 
73’ . 
4*. 
8 <a 
6 
9 '. 
4 '. 
4 '. 
P a 
16'. 
7*. 
7*8 
16 
7'. 
3 '. 
7’ . 
Vs 
8 'b 
76'. 
19*8 
6’a 
12*. 
4 '. 
V 

8/175o 14'/ 
4o 
3*. 

Pullet* 
Pun taO 

WET 
R ET pf4 38 
RH Med 
5 
WSC Ind 
9 
RLCCp 17a 
4 
Racon 
3oa 
5 
RfiganB 15c 4 
RanchEx 
72 
RanqrO 
57 
Ransbrq BO 5 
RapdAm wt 
RathP 
R ay m P r 5o 18 
Read-nq 
R e a lEsl I 4o 13 
RltlncT I 15e 5 
RI IR et I 61e 9 
ReevesT 
RefrigTr 
6 
Regal B 52 9 
RelGrp wt 
Rem Ar 8oa 6 
RepN Y 
SR 
5 
WeschCtl o8 17 
Resisttlx 6o 8 
ResrtsA 
19 
R e srtsB 
RexNore 
R blt-tPd 
R enton 26e 
Riley Co 

2 
5 
I 
252 
18 
8 
98 
I 

TS 
38/1oo 
3 
6 
I 
7 
74 

7 
9*. 
13' 7 
6'a 
71 ’ 8 
1o's 
1?’ « 
? '. l l ' / 
IO 
?'» 
4 '. 
6 18 
7 '. 

14’ 
78 *'. 
79'. 
27*8 
25’ a 
24’ 8 
26'. 
13 
14'a 
5 V . 
55 
18*. 
59' r 
3 V . 
I 'a 
3 '. 
5*. 
22*. 
4 'a 
8 
6 
8>4 
4 
4 '. 
I 
16 
7'a 
7 '. 
15Va 
7' a 
3’ . 
7 '. 
V a 
8’b 
25’ . 
19 1 a 
6’a 
12'a 
4 '. 
2'. 
14 
3' / 
6 *. 
9'/ 
13'. 
6 
71H 
IO’ . 
I ? '. 
2'a l l ’ / 
IO r j 
4 '. 
6*8 
2’ . 

WioAlqm 
I ll 
R iscion 
4o IO 
Wobntcti 
Roblin 
Rockway 
Roc or 
RoncoT 
6 
R oyBusE 
Ruddich 17e 5 
Rudick pf 56 
Rusco 
Russell 
Ruston 
R v an H 

I 8 

4o 
4 
4o 
8 
5o IO 

V a 
45 
4' J 
I J-, ll'a 
4 
7* a 
16’ . 
2o* a 
I? 
1 
5 
27'a 
7 '. 
14*. 
9*. 
19' J 
2'a 
6'a 
9'a 
I ' . 
16'. 
25'a 
I9'a 
7 Va 
8*. 
17'. 
? ' . 
4 '. 
7' 7 
77'a 
25' / 
16'a 
13’a 
4'a 
13'a 

TH 
2 
’ 7 
5'a 
7' a 
Va 
8 
I V . 
17'. 

Va 
45 
4' J l*a l l ' . 
3'a 
7 
15*. 
19'a l l ’ a 
I 
4’ a 
26*a 
? ’ a 
14'. 
9*. 
19' j 
2'a 
6' J 
9 
I' a 
16’ . 
25'a 
18 ‘a 
2 Va 
8' 7 

17'. 
2’ a 
4 '. 
7 'a 
2Va 
25'a 
15*a 
13*. 
4' a 
13'a 
2'a 
V a 
1 J 
4’ a 
7’ a 
V a 
7’ a 
V a 
17'. 

3 16 
17'a t ’ b 
14’ J.. .. 
28'a 
'a 
79 ' a * ’ a 
28 
+ Va 
25'. 
24'a + Sf 
76' J * Vj 
13 
14’ «* sa 
51*. 
. 
55 
* 
18 *. - >/. 
6o 
* I 
3 Va 
I' ? 4 l s 
3’ b 
5’a 
7 ?'. 
*(• 
4'a 
8 'a * ' . 
6 
• 'a 
8*. 
'. 
4’ a* 'a 
4 '. 
I' a 4 'a 
1 6'.* '. 
TH 
7'. 
!5’a - 'a 
7' a 
. 
3*a4 'a 
7'. 
V a 4 P. 
8*. 
>. 
25'.— Va 
I9 *a 4 'i 
6*. 
12'a- ’ a 
4’ . .... 
7’ . - ’ . 
14 
— P. 
3 'i— '. 
6*. - '/. 
9*. f 'f 
13' J ....... 
6 
- 'n 
21’ a 
IO’ . 
'. 
12'a 4 *. 
?'« 
. l l'/ - 'a 
IO 
2’a * 'a 
4’ . 
’ . 
6*. 
'n 

Va 
45 
4 
4' J. . . 
I* . 
I V . 
3’ a— 
7'a 4 
16'. 4 
7o*. 4 
HFB— 
1 
. . 
4 ’ a— 
27' a *• 
2'a— 
14*. 
9 ia - 
19' i . .. 
2'a 
6'a 4 
9 
V a 
16’ . 
2 5'.* 
1 f t — I 
71H 4 
S'a 
17'. * 
2’ a 
4 '. 
7 H 
? V . 
25*14 
15*a- 
13*. 
4’ a 
13'a 4 i n 4 
2 
4 
’ / 
I 
5'a 4 
7 '. 
Va 
7’ a l l ' . 
17'. 4 

SGL 
16r 
7 
SGSec 
.GSC-pf I TO 
SSP ind 33e 26 
ST PCp 
8o 17 
Snfetran 
Snlem 
89t 
>C*rlo 63e 
SDqe pl 
88 
Duo pf 9 84 sago pf 7 8o 
-.Duo Pf 2 68 
S F rR E 
IV-8o 
-nnJW 2 8o 
7 

 s 

5 
9'a 
8'a 
• 'a 
Mi 
IO 
1', 
IU 
IU 
A 
16’ a 
16’ / 
16U * n 
I 
5 
5 
5 
1 a ll 
14 
13*4 
13'a J 
>i 
6 
IOU ion ton 
*1 
I? n u 
12'a 
U U 
1 
II 
6'a 
6’ a 
6U ‘ 
H 
I 
IOU 
IOU 
IOU t 

UA! 
I 7oti 
U IPCp 
16 
I 
J NAC.p 
3 
DV Ind wt 
Unimax 
I 1 
Un Asb*.! 
Un Br and wt 
UnCosFn 5ob 
UnFoods 
UN atCp 
UN atCp 
UPieceb 
U SFiltr 
TR 8 
UnR IIT 83e 13 
UnR 11T wt 
USN tRs 
5 
USRdujm 
194 51 

13'a 
3'a 
2 
4’a 
7’a 

13’a ■ 
3 'i- 
2 
4'a 
7*. 

 wt 

13'a 
3’a 
2 
4'a 
7F« 
3'.31 1631 16- 
1o 7 16 7 16 7 16 
7 3 l l ’ a 
IV / l l ’ a 4 
23 
I ' } 
P a 
V / 4 
7 
7 
2 
6 I 16 I 16 I 16 
12 

4*8 
4 Va 
13'. l ? ’a 
8’a 
8' a 
71 5 16 5 16 

U SRhR 
Uni lek 
Urn vCiq 
UnivRs 
I invSav 

 la 
3o 13 
o5 4 
7oe 14 
48 
4 

4*. 
3’ 8 
14*8 
3 ?'. 
3 
14’ . 

4*. 
3*. 
14’ . 
3 Va 
3 
14*. 
13.’a _ 13' b 

V 
Vane' St 6?t 
Valmac 
7o 
Valspar 
TR 
VI DvC o?e 
Van Dom 4.1 
Vi-cco 
32a 
VermntA 3? 
Vc*rnitron 
Vesely 
Viatech 
VikmqG 
VintaqeE 
ViShay 
VisualGr o5r 
Vol Mer 
Voplex 
7?a 
Veil en Cp 
Ville Inc 
SO 

I? 255 
13 
2 
1 
16 
19 
2 ll 
4 
5 
■ 3 
5 

I 
WTC (ne 
IO 12 
WU I Inc #o 
8 
44 
Wabash 25e 7 
19 
Wacknht 4o 7 
79 
Wamoco 
18 
14 
WalcoN 5ob 6 
3 
WallacS 7oe 9 
13 
Wa nu Lh I? 13 199 
WangL B 27 ll 
3o 
W ard Fd s wt 
WarnC pf o5 
W asPstB 36 8 
W R IT 
I 76 IS 

6' ? 
IO*. 
4*. 
? '. 
9'a 
14' a 
72'. 
7'a 
3 '. 
3' / 
I 
7 
3'a 
2’a 
2'a 
IS 
4*8 
9'a 
\ v 
3 V. 
25'a 
11’ e 
7'a 
7*. 
77'e 
5’ a 
17’ a 
15’a 

Wei man 
WestChP 4o 7 
W< i f int 15a 5 
A/hitaker 4o 5 
Whitenall 
7 
Whittakr wt 
Wichita 
17 
Vmhous 36 8 
Wi hon Br 3o 
5 
V OOI Ll o6e 14 
VorrstC 
77 

Nor kW r 6o 
6 
A/rather OSO 13 
AirightH 
ACyleLab 78 
Wynnln ,15e 
Ny m Bn 
56 

Homes 
’ • rn mer o6c 

6' / 
IO*. 
4*. 
71/4 
9 
13'a 
71*. 
7*. 
3 '. 
3 'j 
I 
V a 
3’a 
2*. 
2’ a 
14 Li 
4 * a 
9’a 

3*. 
74*. ll'a 
7'/ 
7 i» 
22"* 
5 
17'a 
15'? 
I? 5 16 5 16 
4 't 
22*. 
7 V a 
7* a 
8' a 
TH 

77*. 
75 
2’a 
8'a 
7 'j 
5’ a 
TU 
7 16 
4 'J 
TH 
4 * a 
Va 
8 '. l l ' . 
5 
Va 
6' / 
I V . 
12’a 

X - Y - Z 
35 
17*. 
16 
6 

5'a 
2'a 
* B 
4 '. 
TH 
4’ . 
Va 
TH 
1o'a 
4*. 
I 
6 ’a 
V a 
17*. 

17 'a 
5’ a 

4'a 
13 
- '. 
8' a— Va 
5 Id ....... 
4*. 
3’a* '. 
14'. 
32’ .* 
3 
+ 'a 
1 4 '.* ’ . 
!3 'a * ’ 7 

6' 7 
1o*4 — 1 
4*. 
. 

 i n - ' 
9' a * I 
14’ a I * 
22’.4 * 
7' 7 
3 '. 
’ 
3' / 
' 
1 
2 
3' b * ’ 
2’a - ' 
2'a— ' 
15 
4 ' 
4*8— ’ 
9'a 

3 '.4 I 

U H 
' l l'a - i 
V , ... 
TH - * 
72’ » - * 
5 '. 
17'z* ' 
15'a - ' 
5 16 
4'/, . 

TTH 
' 

T4H 
* 
2*8 
8' 8 
7 'a- ’ 
5’e 
2*. 

4 '. 
TH 
AH ■ 
V a * 
TH 
V a 
5 
• 
Va 
6' 7 
I V . 
17*. 

17*. 
S '* 

 i ’a 
I 16 
- 'a 

A M E X S A L E S 
Vpprox final total 
>tck k sales veer ago ipprox final bond 
Sond sales year ago 

2,25o.ooo 
3,933,825 
SI.o6o.ooo ll,766,(WO 

I* 11 i I a < It' 11 > 11 i a O p tio n 

MARKET BAROMETER 

Ham 
Noon 

 lpm 
?pm 
3pm 
Close 

N Y S E 
A M EX 

4,96o,ooo 

8 ,2 6 o ,o o o 
1o.67o.ooo 
12.4oo.ooo 
14.72o.ooo 
18 o1o,ooo 

V o l u m e s t a t i s t i c s 
Advanced 
Declined 
6.7o4,8?oshares 8,3o5,25oshares 
666,45oshares 
985,75oshares 
L ead ers 

A verages 
Bank, Trust, Insurance Stocks 

DO W JO N E S A V E R A G E S 
Nnw Y o rk (A P )Final Dow Jones average? 
STOCKS 
Open 
High 
Low Close 
Chg 
3o Ind 916 14 
949 97 938 5o 
942 o7 - 2 6/ 
TO Tm 724 o5 725 76 727 oo 
15 UH 1o5 76 
1o6 47 1o5 19 
31o 15* 3o6 23 
65S*k 3o8 66 
Indus 
Tran 
Utils 
65 Sfk 
BONDS 
TO Bonds 
IO Public Utilities 
IO Industrials 
Commodity futures Index 

223 41— o 3/ 
1o6 12 * o 4‘ 
3o7 ,84 
o M. 

1,362,4(X 
36o,IOC 
324,3o( 
2.o46.8oC 

9o 84 4 o o3 
96 o3 -o OS 
85 66 + o 15 
412 99—o.78 

STOCK A V E R A G E S 
Compiled by The Associated Press 
3o 
15 
IS 
6o ind 
RailsUtit. Stocks 
Net Change 
— 1 8 
o 2 
*o 3 
—o.6 
Wed 477 9 
7oS 2 
12o o 
325 o 
Prev Day 
Week uqo 
Month ago 
Year ago 
19 7 6 77 High 
1976 77 LOW 
1975 High 
1975 LOW 

481 I 
476 9 
483 5 
484 2 
499 3 
4?4 4 
456 o 
3159 

2o6 I 
2o4 8 
7o5 7 
173 7 
TOT 6 
149 3 
155 7 
131 6 

12o 2 
12o 4 
173 o 
1o3 5 
124 7 
99 5 
1o3 7 
84 7 

376 6 
324 6 
328 9 
3o6 2 
334 o 
271 5 
286 4 
216 8 
BO NO A V E R A G E S 
Compiled 
The Associated Press 

N E W Y O R K IA R ) 
:>aies, 4 p m. price and net change of the fifteen most active 
New 
York 
Stock 
Exchange issues, trading nationally at more than SI 
Marriott 
Dow Ch 
Gen M otors. 
Occiden Pet 
Sony Corp 
Tex Util 
Pitney Bow 
F«dNat Mig 
Texaco Inc 
Am Tel &Tel lum t c p 
Exxon 
Kresqe SS 
Sears Roeb 
MidSouUt 

198.5oo 
191,4oo 
174.3oo 
157.7oo 
154,2oo 
151.7oo 
139.8oo 
139.5oo 
129.9oo 
125.7oo 
175,1oo 
123,7oo 
121.9oo 
117.9oo 
117.7oo 

V. 

IO'/.— 
36'a— 
71 
— 
?4 '» - 
9’,*-- 
2o V. 
17*4 + 
15'. 
27'a- V. 
63'<4— Va 
12'/.. 
52’ a 4 
34'a- 
*+ 
6 V / - I 
16V84 'a 

N EW Y O R K (A P ) Sales, 4 p m , price and net change of the ten most active 
American 
Stock 
Exchange issues, 
(reding nationally at more than $1 
MouOilM 
Film w ays 
GI Bas Pet 
Soundesqn 
T ubos Mex 
Kewanee In 
Husky Oil 
Intl Bo knot 
KnickToy 
Kaiser Ind 

1o5,ooo 
46*i»— '/ 
72.4oo 
9 '.+ U 

39.8oo 
6 'a- H 

35.5oo 
12'/ 
2 
34,7oo27 16— 
32.5oo 
4o’a— 
23'/.+ H 

3'8+ ' . 
1544— H 
^SH 

37.2oo 
3o,4oo 
77,3oo 
25,7oo 

U p s anc 

N E W Y O R K (A P ) — The following list shows the New York Stock Exchange 
Jocks and warrants that have gone up 
■he most and down the most based on lercent of change regardless of volume 
'or Wednsday 
No securities trading below $2 are inc! jded Net and percentaqechangesarethe litterencr between the previous closing 
/rice and today's ( p m , price 

2o 
IO 
IO 
IO 
Rails 
Ind Util. Fgn, 
NtChnq unch 
- o 3 unch onch 
Wed S3 5 
84.5 
94 8 
1o1 6 83 5 
Prey Day 53 5 
84 8 
94 8 
1o1 6 
Week ago 53 7 
Month aqo 53 6 
Year ago 
5o 5 
1976 77 LOW 48 t 
1975 High 
49 ? 
1975 LOW 
46 I 

84 4 
85 3 
78 6 
75 6 
76 9 
718 

94 9 
94 5 
89 8 
86 7 
86 8 
81 9 

94 2 
94 o 
IOO I 
94 o 
IOO 5 
99 4 

IO 
I. yd. unch 

83 5 
83 5 
83 8 
84 2 
76 7 
76 5 
69 A 

STANDARD AND POOR 

 n e w y o r k 
(AF*) 
- standard ano 
Poor's 5oo Stock index for Wednesday 
High 
Low 
Close 
Chg 
4oo Indust 112 68 
11128 
111 72— o 3: 
2o Transpt 
14 o8 
13 85 
13 9 4- oo: 
4o Utilities 
52 35 
51 73 
52 1o + o o7 
4o Financ 
1162 ti 47 
11 52 — oo: 
SOO Stocks 
1o1 Ti 
99 97 
IOO 39 — o 27 

NEW YORK AVERAGES 
N E W Y O R K (A P ) 
New York Stock 
Exchange closing index 
Market 
-8 cent? 
Index 
54 56 —o.15 
Industrial 
59 38 —o.17 
Transportation 
4o 18 —o Of 
Utility 
(o 35 +o o5 
Finance 
54 68 —o.11 
AMERICAN AVERAGES 

— 
American 
Stock 

Close 
111 o2 
NetChg 
—O il 

Name 
Filtrol 
Aileen Inc 
Ben Howell 
Telepromp 
Fabri Cntrs 
GlfMtq Rlty 
Chelsea ind 
Kysor Ind 
ASA Ltd 
Banquet B 
Nat Homes 
Talcott Nat 
Homes! ke 
Lynch CSys 
U vln I 26pf 
ChaseMTr 
PfHjman Ind 
D iam M Dr ii 
Collins Aik 
Dome Mines 
Fodders 
Safegrd Ind 
Systron Don 
Anstar Inc 
M ays JW 

Name 
Berkey Pho 
ChiM ilw Cp 
Bancal Tr 
Inters! Unit 
PS Ind 4 I6pf 
Coleco Ind 
Plan Resrch 
OklaGF pf 
Todd Shipyd 
Elect Assoc 
Inmont Cp 
StokeVC pf 
World Airw 
L E E Corp 
FlaEasC st 
Am E I Pw 
CabotCab E 
Lionel Corp 
Sparton Cp 
Sterl Prec 
CCI Corp 
Svcor inc 
NCR Corp 
Technicon 
U nPark Min 

U P S 

Last 
13 a 
Chg 
? U 
3U f 
"a 
2o'a a- I >8 

TH 
+ 
’ 2 

TH 
+ 
'/ 
2 a- 
'* 
6' a 
+* 
16’ a 
+ I 
22’ a 
I "a 
2>* 
+ 
'a 
4+4 a- 
"a 
5 e 
'a 
43 U 
+ 2'a 
7’ a 
4 
+a 
(O' / 
I ’ a 
2 a a 
"a 
2*4 
V 
' a 
17+4 
-f 
’ a 
U U 
+ 
' / 
51*4 
* ■2'a 
6 
+ 
Va 
6 r 
I 
6 
*■ 
'a 
3' a 
-X 
'a 
3'a 
+ 
' a 

Pct 
Up 
193 

DO W NS 
Last 
4’a 
7 
2o 
5'/ 
17*. 
7’ a 
3'a ll 
13’ . 
? ’ . 
2o ’ * 
I Va 
4 '. 
4’ a 
33’ a 
73*. 
2'» 
2'a 
IO' / 
5+a 
5'a 
IV a 
34’ / l l 'a 
2’ a 

Up 
Up 
Up 
Up up 
Up 
Up 
Up 
Up 
Up up 
Up 
U p 
Up 
Up 
Up 
Up 
Up 
Up 
Up 
Up 
Up 
Up 
Up 

Chg 
Pct 

/5o 1o5'. 1o5' 

Sargent 
SaundrL 
Sth et bf- 
>c henuit 
Schiller 
School P 
Sc hr ade* sc i Mot 
Sc i Atta 

7 
3o 4 
St IO 
6o.1 6 
35 
IO 6 
IO 8 
o9i 19 
I? 17 

25e 
I 

24t 

Sc ope In Sue 
Scriyner TO 5 sc ur r y R ll 
Seaidro 
2? oaport lo 
SeasnAII 26 ll secMlgln 
Sec Mf In wt sui asC p 
3o 
8 set ig Asse secvivto 3o 
Servo 
Jia e r S 
Sharon shettrR 
Shod CP 
,n«**>a*>o 
Shop a, el I now bo* 
I 
St'cXmTr 
-nerrtin 
2o 
Sitco Ind 
SO 
> i lo Inc 
Sen kins 
SO volition 
Sonde* Bf 33 
>ou od si i 
4o 
SCEct P II o7 
>CEd pf I o6 
SC Ed p l! Oh dCEd pf I t9 
SCE't pf! 6H sCEd pit 3o seen pf? 3o iC Fd pf 7 71 
SCEd pf 7 58 
/C id pf8 TO 
SWM Air Iii- 6 w 'G Fin 2o 5 
Spar lek 
A) 
6 pee tor 
Kit 36 
Spectre! t?» 
« 
H>edOP III ll 
Spei /mn 
.pone ar o8* 
7 
Sooner F 
I? 
5 
J afft ctL 
5 
Jct Alin 
I 
5 
1 itdCont ISr 
4 
JdtiX)Srf 9o 5 
I ldM»+l sot 18 

/IOO 
12 ll 
3 
7 
13 
19 
7 
3 
9 
5 
IS 
72 
5/55o 
73 
I 
3 
12 ll 
51 

3 
* I 
1 
7 
2 
5 
I 
31 
41 
7 
I 
38 
43 
I 
61 
I 
36 
17 
355 
1 
2 
6 
7o 
/TOO 
72 
2 
38 
2 

86 
79'. 
17*. 
37’ a 
3'a 
9’ a 
7 
V / 
J'/ 
6’ a 
6'a 
2’ . 
18 ‘a 
37*. 
I3’ a 
19', 
3’ a 
V a 
16>. 
2*. 
2 7 37 
6' i 
Va 
5’a 
S'a 
3 '. 
13‘a 
7 '. 
6’a 
76* a 
2*. l6*a 
? '. 
TH 
9'a 
7'a 
IO’ / 
I 1' 
IO 
I4'a 
12*. 
13'* 
13'» 
14’. 
21 
16*. 
26'/ 
T6H 
92' 
126 1o2'* 
33 
25’ a 

TA 
4'a 
4 
IO '. 
3 
TH 
A 
4' I 

1 
Va 
3 
Va 
2 
3'a 

T 
6'a 

X I 

WF 

 t i i l l 16 
1 'all I 16 
I/ « 
16'* 
V 

Maori D e M 
Man SJT o2r i M o h n d q 
| Ma/* Cfi 28 j Marlene 
! Marst’Fd 
I Mar Jim 
M artPr Ale 
I Ma Si n a 
Aba 
Masn#*4n 3o 
Maul Br 14b 
McCgtO 
Mc Irtish 
84 
Mc. Kaon 
M e a n s ' I (JO 
Medal*! 
44 
Mad* ci ) w 
Med***/ o 2o 
Medfield 
* ted.wGn 4o 
Mage lot JO 
V t MCu 
I 
M er/M il* 
I Meta* 
JO 
I Met pm i/ 

... m rn 

*M P Al-* to* cp 
I# 

I OI ll 

 rn ti 

>• j* a 
'5 * 

 h 
V t 
• *. 
6* I 

' I 
1 
IS 'a * 
Ii'a 

 i n 
I* / 
6*. 
6‘ a 
4‘ . 
A . > /I* It 
J I 
**• t a 
« a 

 f t 
*» A a I IP 
" f t * ' f u s ile 6* 

U H l l l l 

14*. 

 i * 

 t i4 
Ma 

 u t* 
4 : 

M>(+G an 
4 
Mn* Lug 
» T 
Mi* KICH a 
IS 
4 m o h .* rn 
I 
M He* H 
IT 

MU** Wt* MI 4 
MORO, 
IS 
« 
MiSantT 
•W/Pf* tx I IR t 
V t. I ;+ ll 
M •*+». 
38 I 
M iXiM e.J 
4 
Mot y e p a*. 
V nW ul 4o I 
VB iou 
4P f 
M«gc*m 4Ba 
M+f turn 32 
I 
VkJtc ,M 
• 
MIY Mn I m M 
Max S>a» 
64 t 
< * 46* 
• 

6 
16 
I 
24 
II 
IS 
13 
I 
1 
27 
(I 
2 
4 
76 
$ 
I I 
6 ll 
I 

4'a 
4*. 
6 
I 
27'. 
7‘ a 
5 
6*. 
19 
•’a 
37H 
4'a 
3 '. 
17*. 
3*a 
13'. 
7*. 
2 
•'a 
5'a lf* . ti*. 
IV * 
2 
4‘a 
17‘ » 
4’a 
13 
6’ . 
H a 
6'a n i 
14' a 
1'a 

IT H 
43'a 
8*a 
6 a 
M * 
1*4 
IM * 
I** 
I 
4 
I 21. 
I 
Va 

1 
13 16 
4‘a 
4 bi 
6 
IS 16 
26*. 
7 
5 
6 « 
V a 
6'a 
J7'a 
4'a l l 
I TU 
TH 
13 

 t h 
2 
•'a 
5'a l l ' . 
*T ? 
»7‘ » 
I 
9 a 
17 
4 ti 
6 * tv a 
#»a 
ItIv a 
I'a 
37*4 
41 
9‘ 4 

4 
1 
SH 
ITH 
1*4 
S i 
A t i '* 
KH. 
Va 

A r 
4*. 
6 
1 
77 
7 
5 
6*. 
II* a 
4'a 
TTH 
4'a 
3>4 
17+4 
3'a- 
13 
7*4 
2 
6'a ■ 
4’a l l ' . 
12 » 

9'a l f 
14*4 
I S 
17*4 I 
43 
- 
• ‘4 
6 
J? - 

SH ll* . 
I'4 
Sh 
AU- l l '* 
16*4 

 i*nMo* A ii 
JdPn cC p 
>Id Shes fOr 
(jmgr 
I? 
H AT Sup 
76 
J tw ill 
Jevcnknil 
Jru lW 
* t) rue Ann 
21 

13 
4 
8 
I 
6 
AO IO 
45** 
6 

13 
’IT 
128 

TO 
I? 
5? 
I l l 
S 
78 

A 
I 
71 
9 ninE I 
> un* ii 
Wodanc 
2ob 3* 16 tuns/* Jr 
■>upF US 
■dpi1* i r 
■ up mal 
'Up Sd * I) losQue+t vusqutan ( J lOtfMtg wt 
>ynrt lo, 16b 
Syntex 
SO xvi Fi*u 

24b 
4o IO 
IO*' 4 
12b 7 
9 
117 23 

27 
4 

Tri 
TS 

17'. 
S’ i 
14 
P l 
IO'/ 
1o 
TS 
14' , l l'a 
I 'a 
*H l l ' . 
5 
I 
16'a 
I'a 
11 
7 
I7'a 
4 '. 
6 
V a 
3*2 
H H 
'( 
6‘ a 

86 
28'a 
12' / 
37 
3' / 
9’ / 
6’ * 
IV / 

V ) 
6‘ . 
6’ a 
2’ a 
18 
3Va 
13+4 
19', 
3'4 
V a 
16' 7 
TH 
T 32 
6*4 
Va 
S ’ a 
S' / 
3<4 
13'a 
TH 
6'. 
25*. 
2'. 
16‘a 
2'4 
6*4 
9'a 
7'a 
IO’ i 
2'a 
9+4 
12'4 l?'4 
12'a 
13’ a 
14 
21 
16*a 
26'4 
76 
92 
1o1 
25'a 
4' , 
IO'a 
7*4 
4'a 
V a 
Va 
TH 
6 
4>. 

1o5 4 
86 M 
29' 4 + 
12*4 * 
37*.+ 
3 ', 
9'a + 
7 
I V , j> j. 
6’ r 
6'a + 
2'4 
18 a 
3 V a 
13*4 + 
19' / 
3*4- 
1*8., 
16’ a 
2+4 

T 32 
6*a 
V a ♦ 
5’ a 
S'a * 
J ’ 4 
1 3'.* t u - 
6'a + 
25*4 
2*4 
16'a 
1*4 
7'.+ 
9’ a 
TH 
IO'* 
2'a 
9'a 
»?■, 
12*. 
13' 4 
13' a * 
W H 
71 
16'.+ 
26 . ♦ 
26’.* 
92' /* 
IO ?'. ♦ 
25'a 
4' J 
1o>4 
7*4 ♦ 
4' / * 
V t 
V a 
3'a • 
6* a i 

3ption 
'lid C 
Mid C 
Ml.sC 
Anise 
MltiC 
A sh I O 
Ash I O 
Ash I O 
Brand 
Br anil 
*ty In 
Cly In rioro* 
Clorox 
‘omsat 
Comsat omsat 
Cont O exit O 
D resv 
Las GS 
Engt M 
~j A I j A F 
CieoPac 
SenPac 
Se o Pac j cd Pac 
• tow J n 
How Jo lf ot P 
Teldyn 
I eldyn 
Teldyn le ld yn va F P 
Wst Un 
Wst Un 

Wednsday. Mar 
& price 
Apr 
IO 
45 
. .2o 
25 
3o 
3o 
. 
35 
4o 

I 
Jut 
5 A. 
6 
V a a 
6 
A's 
V a 21 16 
3 16 
H 
TH a 
'a 19 16 

Oct Close a 
45’ a 
3' / 

15 16 

IM 
15 16 

45’ 
26 
26 
76 
33'* 
33*8 
33*a 
IO 
' a 
U 
’ * 
9 ' ■ 
IS 
I 16 
3 16 
3 16 
9 ' a 
IO 
J U a 
3U 
U U 
15 
3 16 
' / 13 16 
13'a 
IO 
V / 
I* . 
I ’ * n u 
15 
I 16 
3 16 
5 16 l l ' . 
25 
9 a b 
34 
3o 
4' a 
4 U 
A 
34 
35 
I 
? ' a l ii 16 
34 
35 
V a 
TU 
3 
35'a 
4o 
' . 
9 16 
U 
35'f 
4o ll 16 
J U 
3U 
38' . 
25 a 
? u 
A 
26 
JO a 
4*. 
A 
34 * 
IO 
A a 
7' j 
11*8 
15 
I 16 
3 16 
) „ l l ’. 
79 ‘a 
4 
A b 
33 
34* a 
’ * 
1' / ?! 16 
33 

— 
' 7 
Off 
9 8 

— 
’a 
OH 
9 7 
— 2 
Off 
9 I 

— 
' / 
Off 
8 3 

— I 
Off 
7 3 
_ 
1, 
Off 
A t 
_ 
*,4 
Off 
A S 
|| 
Off 
A A 
__ a,4 
Off 
5 4 

- 
'a 
Off 
5 3 

- Va 
OH 
5 7 
— 
V, 
OH 
5.o 
— 
U 
Off 
5o 
- 
Va 
OH 
A 9 
- IU 
Off 
4 6 
— V a 
Off 
4 5 
- 
' a 
Off 
4 5 
— t a 
Off 
4 5 
— 
'/ 
Off 
4 5 
_ 
14 
Off 
4.5 
14 
Of* 
4 A 

— 
'n 
Of* 
A 3 
- I U 
Of* 
4 7 
— 
'/ 
Of* 
4 7 
— , "a 
Of* 
4.2 
D o lla r I 

N E W 
Y O R K 
Exchange Index: 
High 
Low 
111 47 
11o 99 
D o w ns 

N E W Y O R K (A P ) — The following list shows the American Stock 
Exchange 
Jo cks and warrants that have gone up 
•he most and down the most based on lorcent of change regardless of volume tor Wednsday 
No securities trading below $2 are inch ided Net and percentagechangesarethe tifterencc between the previous closing 

N E W Y O R K (A P ) 
The following bid and asked quota bons, supplied by the National Assoc? ebon of Securities 
Dealers. 
Inc , are not actual transac bons but are rep resontative infer dealer prices, as of approximately 
33o rn ,at which these securities could have been pur chased asked or sold bid 
Inter dealer markets change through out tile day Prices ck) not include retail markup, markdown or com mission 
Stock 
Bid 
Ask 
Af fit Boc 
Ala Bncp 
Al I Bncsh 
ABT Pa 
A Fletch 
A SL Eta 
A S I Uta 
Airier Sec 
Ari/ Bnk 
Atlnt Bcp 
Banc Crt 
Banc Pen 
Banc Pop 
Ban Ohio 
Banc Ok i n c s 

Bk Delaw 
Bkr TrSC 
Bksol la 
Barnt Bk 
Bass Finl 
B a yBnk 
Boat Bnc 
CBT Cp 
Cab! Est 
Cent Cinn 
Cen Sou 
Cen Bk Sy 
Cene BT 
Cent Pich 
Cen Penn 
Centran 
Centr Bks 
Cit/So Cp 
CitSth Ga 
Cit/n Fid 
City Natl 
ClevTrs 
Col Bncp 
Colo Nat 
Com Bnc 
Com T N J 
ConnF Sv 
ConB Bpt 
Con Norr 
Cullen Bk 
Dep Guar 
DetBk Cp 
Dom Bks 

 orice and today's 4 p m. price. 
U P S 
Name 
Last 
Chg 
I 
MottsS Mkt 
4*a 
+ 
U 
• 
Pct 
Up 
16 7 
2 
Courtaulds 
2 
4 
U 
Up 
14 3 
3 
Mer ca nt md 
2 
+■ 
U 
Up 
14 3 
4 
Crowner* 
5U 
+ 
1 / 
Up 
1o 5 
5 
Ozark Air 
4 
+ 
+8 
UP 
IO 3 
6 
Sierracin 
7U 
+ u 
Up 
9 6 

7 
Noel indust 
TH 
+ u 
Up 
9 5 
8 
Mi ch Suqar 
17 
+ I 
Up 
9 I 
9 
Alan Wood 
TU a u 
Up 
8 8 

IO 
Film w ays 
9U 
X u 
UP 
8 3 ll 
Logiconlnc 
Nat Spiring 
IOU 
+ n 
Up 
8 C 
17 
3' ? 
+ 
"a 
Up 
7 7 
13 
Crutchr Res n u 
+ 
'a 
UP 
7 I 
14 
Mr Keon Co 
3’ a 
+ 
"a 
Up 
6 
IS 
US Radium 
3’ a 
+ 
Va 
UP 
A 

16 
SupSurg Mf 
5’ a 
+ 
’ a 
Up 
A f 

17 
Foote Mini 
8 
-f 
' / 
UP 
A 

18 
GTI Corp 
2 
X 
' a 
Up 
A 

19 
Kleer Vu In 
4 
+ 
14 
Up 
A 

7o 
Ronco Teiep 
2 x 
' a up 
A 

JI 
Finan Geol 
IOU a u up 
A 
TI 
Blessings 
6 'a 
+ 
'a 
Up 
A 

73 
Cetec Corp 
LaTour Bfd 
2'a 
-X 
'a 
Up 
A 

24 
TU 
X 
"a 
Up 
AT 

25 

I 

Altermn Fd 
1 ?'* 
X 
+a 
Up a : 

Name 
Tubos Mex 

DO W NS 

I ast 
27 16 
Chg 
1 / 
Pct 
Off 17 C 
2 
Soundesqn 
17' / 
2 
OH 
13 8 

Fabien CP lanoco Inc 
ISC Fin! 
UnAsb Inc 
Wore est Ct! 
AileqCp wt 
Potoron Pd 
Sargent 
Ind 
ComP Svc 
Lundy Flee 
Bmey Smith 
Faired Nob 
Mede Jw ly 
Gt Bas Pet 
Ari/Colo LC 
Flee Aud Dy 
K irbyExp 
Discont Fab 
Reading Ind 
Vol Merch 
Gen! Explor 
Miller H 
DW G Corp 

3'a 
3'a 
2 / 
31 16 

TH 
8'. 
3'* 
3'? 
17’* 
3’a 
15' a 
2 
2 
6’ a 
4' a 
C a 
28'. 

TH 
2 a 
2’ a 
I ' . 
6’a 
4 , 

Oft 
Off 
Off 
Off 
Off 
Off 
Off 
Off 
Off 
Off 
Off 
Off 
Off 
Off 
Off 
Off 
Off 
Off 
Off 
Off 
Off 
Off 
Off 

NEW VORK 
N E W Y O R K (A P ) — The following is a is' of the most active stocks based on ho dollar volume for Wednsday 
Th* total is based on the median price if 'he stock traded multiplied by the 
.bares traded 
Name 
Tot ($1ooo) Sales (hds IL ast 
(BM 
$19 851 
717 276'; 
Go Mot 
$12,469 
1747 7o’ a 
E a .K d 
$8,781 
1167 TS 

ATT 
$7,95o 
1252 63 
Sears 
$7,28o 
1179 61 
Dew Ch 
$7,o8) 
1914 36'a 
FordM 
$6 562 
1117 58 
F x ann 
$6,391 
1237 
57' 
Cairn Tr 
$5,o67 
984 5V 
CocaC OI 
$4,984 
627 8o 

AMERICAN 
N E W Y O R K (AH ) the following is a bsf of the most active stocks based on 
(be dollar volume for Wednsday 
The total is based on the median price it the stock traded multiplied by the 
.hares traded. 
Name 
Tot($looo) Saies(hds)Last 
HouO.IM 
$4 882 
1o5o 
46*+ 
$1,336 
Kewanee 
SCEd pf 
HijskyO 
Film w y 
Carnal 
Falcons 
So undsn 
Syntex 
PG Ep fS 

$1,28o 
$746 
$678 
$491 
$487 
$479 
$461 
$449 

325 
4o'* 
126 1o2 V. 
372 
23 
724 
68 
124 
355 
225 
153 

9*. 
7? 
38 "a 
I?' 
2o' 
29*i 

7 16 
35 
19', 
IO 
15 
7o 
55 
6o 73 16 
7o 

I 16 
‘ I 
5’ a 

V a i n 16 
5 16 a 
’ « 
V . a v. 
9 16 13 16 
8* 

HO 
IS 
15 
7o 

I 16 
’ a 
3'a 

May 

4*. 
V . b 
5 16 a 
5 16 
Aug 

6'a 
2’ * b 
7 16 a 
9 16 
NOV 

33 
33 
IO 
IO 
18’ a 
59 
59 
56 
59 
14'. 
18’ / l l 1. 

Abb* L 
45 l ’ a a 
A 
45' a 
Aob! L 
SO 
+a 
A 
A 
45 U 
A Hess 
25 
• a 
8' / b 
12+a 
A Hess 
3o 
3'/ 
4U 
S U 
32*. 
A ness 
15 
I 
2 
2'1 
3?U 
Bois C 
3o 
A 
I U 
A 
3V . 
Bo. 
C 
35 u 
13 16 
V a 
IV / 
J irsfry 
TO 
7 
7' a 
TH 
T IU 
Firstn 
75 
■ a 
5 16 
U 
IIH 
Inexco 
IS 
5 
S’ a 
6 
19*i 
Inexco 
2o111 16 
?' / 
3 
19‘r 
Inexco 
75 
7 16 15 16 
1»* 
I9*r 
Joy 
45 
IU 
?' a 
7' 1 
44' a 
L a Led 
25 
3+a 
4 *4 j 
5'a 
M U 
L a Lnd 
3o 
'a 
IS 16 
IU 
M n 
Mar lot 
IO 
U 
Va 
IU iou 
Mar to* 
IS 
I 16 
14 
’ a iou 
Mc Der 
45 
4'a 
SU 
A 
49** 
Mc Der 
SOUS 16 
3 
3' / 
49 a 
NL Ind 
TO 
A 
3+» 
A 
T IU 
NL Ind 
75 
’ * 
I 
T IU 
P P G 
SO 
5* a a 
A 
S I’ r 
P P G 
55 
I' / 
TU 
4'a 
53'/ 
P P G to 
I 4 a b 
S IU 
P lM n 
JA H 
Va 
A b 
34' 
Pf (sin 
35 
IU 
?u 
TH 
34' > 
Pffsln 
4o 
A ll 16 
IU 
14' 7 sun Co 
4o 
4+a 
SU b 
44 
Gun Co 
4$ 17 16 
2 
I 
44 
Gun Co 
SO 
+* l l 16111 16 
44 
T rn s a m 
IO 
C a 
4U 
A 
14 fr n s e m 
IS 
5 16 
H l 4 
14 
Un Pac 
45 
A a avn 
Un Pac so 
2' a a a 
49U 
Un P a c ss 
' 
A 
A 
(VU 
All wr'h 
2o 
SH 
A 
6' a 
26 
AXwrth 
75 
V /H S 16 
TU 
7 6 

Open interest 
723.677 a Not traded b No option ottered 

Fo reig n Exchange 

Investment Trusts 
N E W YO RK (A P ) 
Spl Inc 
7 19 NL i pm,*, 
+ ,o 
+ ,o 
Revere 
5 47 
5 92 
The following quo 
TxEm 
15 44 NL i am, ,-,*..*.1 
Safer Eqt 8 73 9 54 
Th rd C. 12 65 13 83 tat ions, supplied by the National Assoc! Eagle G r 9 91 1o 83 alien of 
Securities Eaton&Howard 
Dealers, 
Inc , arn 
Brian 
'he prices at which 
Fours these securities 
Grwth could have been 
In com sold 
(Net asset 
Sped value) or bought 
Stock 
(vatu** plus sales E D IE Sp charge) wednsday 
EdsonG 

8 36 
9 o1 
8 23 NL 
8 36 
9o1 
6 o4 
6 57 
5 93 
6 39 
9 o6 9 77 
16 o7 NL 
9 o4 NL 
Sell Buy Egret F 
IO 64 ll 57 
A G F End 5 77 
5 38 Elfun Tr 14 2o 
Acorn 
14 3o NL Fairfld 
9 55 1o 38 
Adv Inv 
9 96 NL Farm Bu 
8 19 NL 
Aetna F 
7 21 
7 9o Federated Funds 
Aetna Sh 12 87 14 o7; 
Am Ldr 
8 94 9 o8 
Afoturr 
F 
9 IO 
NL 
Em pir 19 13 . 
Allstate 
8 47 
N L! 
Four E 
17 95 
Alpha 
IO 56 
N L! 
TxFre 
12 91 NL 
Am Birth 9 75 IO 66 Fidelity Group 
Am Eqity 4 9o 
5 36 
Bond 
8 77 NL 
American Funds 
Am Bal 7 98 
8 7? 
Amcp 
5 43 
5 93 
A Mutt 
9 73 IO 63 
Bond 
IS 74 16 66 
Cap Fd 6 25 
6 13 
Grwth 
4 47 
4 8V 
In tom 
16 2317 Ti 

ICA 
13 71 14 98 
N Pers IS 84 17 31 
Was M 
7 OI 
7 66 
Amor Genera* 
Cap Bd I 98 
9 81 
Cap Gr 4 o8 a 46 
6 SI 
711 
1o 83 ll 84 
6 51 
7 11 

(ne mc 
Ventr 
Eg Ort 
Fd Am 
Prov 
A»n Grth 
Am Ins In 
Am tnys 
A In vine 
AmN Gth 2 Ti 
Anchor Group 

6 58 
3 96 
5 57 
4 89 

7 iv 
4 27 
6 o1 
5 34 
5 3o NL 
I? 32 NL 
2 99 

I OO NL 
6 4o 
6 9o 
7 45 
I o3 
4 4} 
4 77 
6 72 
7 25 
9 13 IO 6o 
7 56 
8 26 

N E W Y O R K I lea York price 
Fgn 

A P ) 
Foreign Exchange 

#yffi Ijfcft a ,B r 
1 i I KU 

If w t.C I/Op 
( ec h f ap 
4 tv *C m 
J6 
4 t ems J 
6 t annet, o w l 
I annex Eng IS lacodxn 
24 fe n ac 
IO 4 feaster O k I tpatron xvi l*<OtO«ar 
AO 
Tftr O D P * 
4 
I Ow. Ii 
(lita n y I 
TO } tim *** 
I >8rn i<n IO 7 
• o tto p l A TS 
I it* § J Id 7 *9 n u TK 

 ll* 
It/ rn 

 r n 
13 
»/ 
KT 
I 
26 l l ) 
• 
65 
. 
o 
14 
1 
I 
4 
I 
5 

T 
4 t 
I im 

 i 
4 
7 
> 

TH 
TH 
• ‘ * ft* 
7*9 
Va t TH ll 
7'4 ll 
A 
V * 
TH b t i i 
TSH m n u n 

6-4 
Ii'a 

17’ 4 
5'a 
14 
4' , 
IO . 
9'a 
?4'a 
14'a 
11*% 
V a 
4'a 
W H 
5 
I l l ' . 
• *i 
V a 
7 
17 
4>. 
S 'a 
SM 
1'a 
IV a 
1 9 14 
4*a 
KVa 
6 a 

 l l ’ 1 
19 

TH 
I j 
I 
V a 
6*4 
Va 
I V a l^ a 

I I * 
3*4 
I 1. 
>4 
J* , 

.1*: 

V . * 
S’ a * 
14 
4'a + 
IC . 
9+a ♦ 
25 
14*a ll'a 
V a 
4'a ll 
5 
I 
- l l ’ . 
8’ a • 
15 
7 
- 
17* a 
4‘ . 
6 
S'a * 
3*i ’ 
IV x < 

H < 

4 - r 
4 / 

1 
4 
IV a . 
19' a • 

?*a 
V a 
I 
J*a 
4*. 
»*a 
17’ a* 
12'a 
Ta, 
I I 
4 t 
I * ' 
V a 
TH 

I : 
KA*, 

 r n 

 currency 
Dollar in in dollars fgn currency 
Wad 
Tut 
Wed 
Tut 
Argentina 
oo3746 oo3246 
3o8 OO 3o8 OI 
A.iStralla 
I 1o2o 
I 1o2o 
Austria 
o589 
OSM 
Betyium 
o77? 
o27? 
Bt azo 
o781 
o781 
Britain 
I 7147 I 7o43 
XMuy tut 
I 7o73 I 7o26 
4oda /tut 
I 6911 I 4918 
9oda yfui 
I 679o I 64118 
C tnada 
9S8S 
9566 
Chile 
o43$ 
o63S 

I mornixa 
o285 
o285 
Denmark 
1698 
17o1 
F gyp! 
1 56 
I 56 
E 1 u ador 
OtOO 
o4oo france 
JOH 
2o1o 
Greece 
o275 
o275 
Holland 
4o)6 
4o17 
Hongkong 
2)54 
7154 

9o74 
16 97 
36 68 
12 8o 
5837 
5874 
5913 
5956 

 alvin Bullock 
Butic 
Cando 
O' VKI 
Month 
Nai W 

Israel 
Italy 
Japan 
Jordan 
Kuwait t efaanon 
Mexico 
Norway 
Peru 
Philipp x+es 
Portugal 
Saudi Ai ab 
So Africa 

OI IOO CHOO 
1o9s 
11o3 
ooH 3o oo1129 
oo354o ooJ54I 

 t i 
33 
3461 
3461 
33o5 
o446 
19o1 
o138 
U S? 
oTST 
2879 

 lid ’ 
o446 
IVOO 
S IJ/ 
135? 
o257 
IIM* 
I 1525 I 1525 
1,o145 
o145 

•/J / 
1 tut 
Juda > 
Wktayfut 
AJO. y tut uruguay yene/uel.i 
A G erm -a 
Kila y to J 
6*+ (a yr g t 
'Alda v tut 

237S 
3918 
39)6 
A IS 
3945 
7398 
2328 
4181 
4181 
4114 

73/3 
39 TC 
3929 
393/ 
1918 
2198 
2328 
4171 

9o74 
16 9* 
36 ar 

5873 
$91o 
5946 
1 o43? I o453 
15 74 
15 Ti 

35 o8 
35 OU 
5 8864 5 8775 
641o 
641o 
25 OO 
75 OO 
4 97 JO 4 974o 
36 36 
36 36 
7 4925 2 489o 
4 642o 4 642o 
71 IO 
71 IO 
9 1779 9 o66C 
884 9o 885 OO 
781 95 282 4o 
3 o3oo 3 o3oo ___ 
2 8855 2 VASS 
Charmel 
3 MSO 3 o25o 
72 4o 
77 4o 
5 261o 5 26o5 
72 39 
77 6. 
7 3964 7 3964 
38 7o 
38 Kl 
1 5347 3 5347 
8676 
8676 
69 OO 
68 95 
4 71oo 4 715o 
7 551o I 55)o 
2 5*67 2 545! 
2 541o 7 5.oo 
2 5343 2 5329 
4 17oo a m s 
2 393? 
2 3*29 
2 3917 
2 388 J 

D a ily 
Grwth 
Incme 
Spec lr 
Fd Inv 
Wash 
Amla* 
Axe Houghton 
Fnd B 
7 84 
8 52 
Inc Fd 4 91 
S 36 
Stock 
5 9J 
6 48 
BLC Gth IO 24 ll 19 
Bdbs Inc 
I 77 NL flabs Inv 
9 36 NL 
Beden Mil 8 41 NL 
Beden In 
9 35 NL 
Berger Group ice Fd 
7 19 NL 
1o1 Fd 
Berk Cap 
Bon OMV 
Host Fan 
Bf we Fd 

9 13 NL 
7 ll 
8 54 
4 85 
5 3o 
9 52 IO 4o 
3 43 
3 TO 

I? 1814 o8 
7 56 8 76 
3 IO 
3 39 
14 7816 15 
IO o31o 96 
NY Vn ll o4 I? o7 
CG Fund 9 58 IO 36 
CG (nim I SI 
9 2o 
Cap Pres 
I oo NI 
JCentySh IO 57 ll 34 
Chati Inv IO I) ll o7 
Chart Fd 13 85 IS 14 
Chase Or Bos 
Fund 
6 77 
Frnt C 
Shrhd 
Spec! 
Cheapsd 

3 16 
7 4o 
5 23 ll 48 
7 2* 

6 HO 
I 78 
8 o9 
5 77 
NL 
7 93 

■Oil 
4 m s 
7 39 15 
2 3815 
2 39o7 
I M il 
New Y 

H u lle r am i Egg** 

C NAMgemt Fds 
I thy Fd 
4 46 4 87 
Man Fd 
TST TTT 
So ast 
7 43 I 17 
Colonial 
Cnvrt 
Fond 
Grwth 
In com 
Coto Gth 
Cwith AB 
( With C 
Comp Ba 
Comp Fd 
Concord 
Cons Inv 
Canst et G 

9 o4 9 88 
9 42 IO IO 
4 77 
5 21 
8 86 
9 68 
14 82 NL 
99 
I o7 
I 41 
I 8o 
1 9o 9 57 
7 53 
8 IO 
I* 25 N L 
1o I? IO 5o 
5 57 NI. 
Conf Mot 
6 At NL 
Ctry ( ap ll S3 12 
Davgc Fd 7 3o NL 

A P I 
I u SO A) 
Butter rn Tuesday 
Thursday and 
J HK A G G I issued or tty o 
Friday 
C B B ' steady , twit* deliver aa store door 
<artons unch anged 
A extra large 66 71 
A large AS Ti) A mediums 59 64 
N E W VO RN IA P ! 
IU SOA I 
At vote sate igg offerings steady prices vet fanged 

■ p e p 
Dei ar/are 
Decal 
Dei aw 
I 
Deleft 
Della 
Dtr Cap 
Dog Bai 
DodStk 
|Ore« Bor 
I fir#j? ttii C 
OreyI fa u lt 
I evg* 
' 
L iq As 

Copt! 
8 29 9 o6 
Conttd 
IO TO 
NL 
D aily I 
I oo NL 
Dstny 
9 32 
EQ Inc 
15 26 NL 
Mage I 
72 82 
Mon Bd IO 41 
NL 
Fidel 
IS 99 17 48 
IO 9912 OI 
4 76 
5 2o 
IO 49 NL 
2o 93 2? 87 
Financial Prod 
Dyne 
4 66 NL 
Indust 
4 32 NL 
•ecom 
7 BJ NL 
F it tnvettors 
Disco 
5 89 
6 44 

Poritn 
Salem 
Thrift 
Trend 

! ” 
N L 1 polar 
319 
349 
Land Gth unavail 
Lexington Grp 
Cp Ldr 14 3o 15 69 
Lex Or 8 45 
9 23 lex In IO 7o ll 69 
Lex R 14 87 16 25 
Life Ins 
6 98 
7 67 
Lincoln Natl: 
Set Am 
7 o4 NL 
Set Spl 
12 54 N L 
Loomis Saytes 
Capif 
9 98 N L 
Mu! 
I? 88 N L 
Lord Abbott 
Aff 11 Id 
8 15 
8 79 
Bod db ll 3o 17 35 
Incom 
3 54 
3 82 
Lutheran Bro 
Fond 
IO 5o ll 48 
Incom 
9 31 IO 17 
Mom 
IO ll l l o5 
US Gov 9 87 IO 79 
Massachusett Co 
Freed 
8 OS 
8 8o 
Indep 
7 l l 
7 77 
Mass 
IO 6o l l 58 
Mass Fin a n cl: 
M IT 
K) 59 ll 4? 
M IG 
8 37 
9 o2 
M ID 
14 44 IS 57 
M F D l l Ti 12 66 
MCO 
It 67 13 66 
MF B 
IS 56 16 TS 
Mathers 
12 93 N L 
M L Cap 12 95 13 85 
ML R a y 
I oo N L 

6 SO 
7 IO 
8 59 9 >9 
I 33 
9 IO 
• IS N L 
IO OO NL 
TS TT N L 
3 89 
4 25 

Orwin 
Incom 
Stock 
FSI MU A 
F IMI tCW 
Forty Fr 
Fna Gth 
Founders Group 
I 
Grwth 
4 41 4 8 
Incom 
12 481)6 
Mulat 
8 99 9 Bl 
Sped 
I 58 9 I I 
Franklin Group 
OnT C 
6 57 I o8 
Grwth 
S 75 5 66 
Uhls 
4 56 4 97 
Incom 
I 
76 I 9o 
US Gov 9 76 IO 5? 
Capit 
? 69 2 9o 
Equ J 
3 73 3 48 
Frkln Lte I 
31 9 o8 f d f Dep 
8 o3 NL 
Fundpk 
125 I 38 
Fund Inc Grp 
Comm 
8 73 9 54 im pac 
8 IS 8 91 
Ina Tr 
1o 6o ll St 

Pilot 
8 )4 8 9o 
G E SA S 
26 
o1 en Sec 
Grin md 
Hamilton 
F HOA 
Grwth 
Incom 
Hart Gift 
Hart Lev 
Her I tge hoi ag Tr 

9 IS NL 
17 2) NL 

A TA 
A 6 r. M 
> 2k 
7 73 
8 4* 

% * s 
I 32 
I OO NL 

NL 

Hor Man 14 99 16 2) 
ISI Group 
Grwth 
4 65 
5 o8 
Incom 
3 57 
J 9o 
Trst at IO 47 H 39 
Trst un 
I B I imp Cap 8 o9 
1 14 
Imp Gth 
7 o9 
7 75 
Industry 
J o4 
Int tnvit 
8 74 
9 55 tnv Ggid 
8 5? NL 
Inv Iridic 
I 52 NL 
Inv Bos 
IO 24 ll o4 
Inv Counsel 
Capm 
8 88 
9 7o 
Capri S 5 96 6 51 
Investors Group 
IP S Bd 5 86 6 o7 
ID S Or I 5 26 
IOS ndi 4 56 
4 96 
Mull 
9 o9 
9 88 
Prog 
I OI 
3 29 
Stock ll 69 2o 3? t s h eel 
9 39 IO IO 
6 39 
6 94 
5 oo 
5 46 
19 IS 19 TA 
6 o8 NL 
IO AK ll 39 
17 33 NL 

» 78 
Group 
12 OH 11 2o ll 1412 I? 
9 42 
9 86 
4 BO 
I 25 
J 96 
4 15 

TT 15 NL 
15 96 NL 
9 66 NL 

IT71 I I *2 
S I I N L 
15 15 16 56 
1o OI NI 

Var Py tnv Rest* 
Islet ivy 
IP Ch lh 
Jan u s F john Mane or k iii 
Balat) 
I 97 
9 75 
Bond tv 34 21 OI 
Of wit) 
5 66 
6 15 jghnstn 
19 SI NL 
Keystone f und» 
Apollo 
3 *9 
4 75 
(u s B l 17 76 <8 5 
Cos B? 19 63 21 46 r ia Bt a J? 9 IO 
CU' 8 I 7 61 
I 3? 
Cos a 7 5 o1 
5 SO 
(u s SI IT TO 19 l l I 
Cg* $7 
9 4? Kl I) 
(u s S3 
7 46 I 16 
(U S S I 
3 59 
I 9* 

Mid AM 
5 13 
5 61 
Mon Mkt 
I OO NL 
MONY F 
9 11 
9 96 
M SB Fe! unavait 
Mu! Ben 
I 88 
9 7o 
M IF fd 
I 54 
9 23 
M IF Gth 
3 77 
4 o8 
Mutuaiof Omaha 
Amel ll 68 ll 86 
Grwth 
4 OO 
4 35 
Incom 
9 IS IO 2o 
Mu! Stirs 28 44 N L 
NE A Mot 
8 16 NL 
Natl mu 
IO 6? NL 
Na! Set ut Sat 
Balao 
9 46 IO 2o 
Bond 
Dtvid 
Grwth 
Pl Stk 
Incom 
Stock 
NE Lite 
EQU it 

A AT 
A ll 
5 49 
7 47 
5 41 
8 21 
Fund 
16 Ta 18 2o 

4 98 
4 45 
592 
8 o5 
5 83 
8 87 

 ort*rn 
M f | . p 
Incom 
13 9515 16 
Side l l IO 14 24 
Neubecger Berm 
Enrgy 
14 48 NL 
Guard 
Parlor 
Neuw Fd 
New WkJ 
Newton 
Newt Inv 
N'Chls I 
Nomura 
Nor east 
Nuv t* en 
Omega 
One w o 

27 82 NL 
9 28 
NL 
8 o9 NL 
1o 89 NL ll 13 N L 
9 93 NL 
13 91 NL 
9 54 IO 76 
14 75 N L 
9 59 IO o4 
9 97 IO o9 
11 55 NL 
Oppennetmer Fd 
Oppen 
6 2o 6 78 inc Bos 
I 61 9 43 
M onB 
I oo NL 
TxF rec- 
1o 3o NL 
A IM 
9 IO 
9 95 
Time 
7 OI 
7 
OTC sec I? 17 ll 23 
Par am M 8 64 9 39 
Paul R yr 5 96 
6 51 
Penn Sg 
7 95 NL 
Penn Mu I 63 N L 
Phda 
T h 
TAK 
Rho* Cap 7 99 
8 73 
Phoen Fd 9 48 IO 16 
Pilgrim Grp 
Pi! Fs 12 63 ll 
Prig Fd 8 o9 
Mag C 
3 39 
3 6o 
Mag In 9 15 
9 63 
Pm e St l l OB N L 
Pioneer Fund 
Fund 
I) 74 15 o? 
II 
14 9? 16 ll 
Plan tnv ll 76 I? 26 
Pbgrth 
IO 95 ll 97 
Pi. trod 
7 78 
Price Funds 
Grwth 
IOO! NL 
Incom 
IO OO NL 
N E ra 
IO 9! NL 
N Horn 6 Bl NL 
T• E re 
IO IT NL 
Pro Fund 
5 17 NL 
Prov Gth 7 6o 8 3) 
Pf u S IP 
9 44 IO 32 
Putnam F unds unv 
116? I? 7o 

 l l 29 
8 52 

E quit 
Goofy 
Grwth inturn 
In v e s t 
Vista 
Vox ag rantow 
11'XIX Vt' 

Revere 
5 AT 
Safec Eqt 8 71 
Safec Gth 8 66 
9 46 
Sc udder F unds 
Intl Fd t? 95 NL 
M M B 
Sped 
Incom 
Com St 
Man R 

IO 25 N I 
73 o3 NL 
14 65 NL 
9 27 N L 
IO o3 NL 
Security Funds 
Equty 
3 87 
4 23 
Invest 
7 34 
8 o2 
Ultra 
9 81 1o 77 
Sentinel Group 
Apex 
I 53 
I 86 
Balao 
7 87 
8 6o 
Com S 12 TO 13 33 
Sent Gth 
8 o6 
8 87 
Sentry F ll 87 12 15 
Shareholders Gp 
Cmstk 
STT 
6 ll 
Entrp 
5 28 
5 77 
Fief Fd 5 24 
5 73 
Marhr 
8 5o 
9 
LHjal 
6 59 
7 2o 
Pace 
IO o3 IO 96 
Sn ear son Funds 
Appre 
16 78 IS 
Incom 
18 722o 46 
Invest 
1o o811 o2 
SierraG 
8 71 NL 
Sherm D I i 85 N L 
Sigma Funds 
Capit 
8 51 
9 
Invest 
1o 36111? 
Trust 
8 77 
9 58 
Vent 
IO IO ll o3 
Sis Kemper 
Kern I 
IO 74 ll 
MonM 
Muni 
Sup G 
Sup In 
Sup S 
Tech 
B f qty 
SB I AGr 

43 
I OO NL 
IO 6o ll 
6 98 
7 
9 78 IO 69 
IO ll ll 
7 16 
7 S3 
9 TA N L 
17 61 NL ll 
I 5? 

15’ a 16+a 
23' / TC 7 
29 U 3o' a 
18 
19 
17U 
18 
23'/ 24' / 
15 
15+$ 
42U 43 
13' / 14 "a n u 
12’ / 
5'/ 
6’/a 
19 
TO' 7 
19"? TOU n u 
19’ . 
16 
17 h 
N J 

"a 
’ a 
26’ a 28U 
16' 'a 17 "a 
22’ / 24 
15*a 16’ a 
7’ a 
7’ a 
27 "a 28 
28’ / T9' 7 
37"/ 3C / n u 
13’ a 
74 *a 25"/ 
IC a K U 
IO 
IOU leu 
19’ . 
17’a 18 
12 
13 
26 "a 26*. 
5’ + 
6U 
15’ a 16+a 
7 
7'a 
32'/ 33' / 
22 
23', 
48 
49 
18 
19' 7 
15*. 16' / 
25 
TA 
18U 18'a 
9’ a 
9’ a 
15’ a 16’ / 
73' / 24' v 
IS' / 16' 7 
23’ a 24*. 
47 "a +8 ic ? 15U 

 tqu t Bnp 
Equt S IL 
15’ a 16’ a 
Midlnt pf 
NCNB Cp 
23'. 24 "a 
13'. 
IC . n u n u 
Each Bcp 
IO 
IOU 
Natl Ga 
13 
14 
F i d e l 
C r 
I 
Nat Cent 
16’ / 18 
2 4 "/ 
K 
U a U 
NCity Cp 
41*4 42’ / 
Fidel A B 
16"/ 17", 
N Com N J 
29’ / 3o' 7 
Fifth Thi 
28"/ 29"/ 
NSB E li/ 
9+4 IO' , 
FstMerc 
19’ . 2o' , 
Nev SM. 
S’ a 
9' a 
FtA laBk 
71’ . 22V. 
N E MBos 
18’ a le u 
Ft A m in 
IO' / ll 
N Jer NC 
24’ a 25’ . 
FtBnOh 
25’ / 26U 
Noes! Bn 
26’ , 28 
Fl Bn Ala 
U U 
13 
NCal SL n u 
14' 9 
F tB k F la 
6U 
6*. 
Nrwst Oh 
45 
47 
Ft Bk Sys 
Ft Bk SC 
(OU 
41 
Nortr Chi 
39'. 4o 
24’ / 25", 
OldNatB 
27’ , 28 U 
FtCm Bk 
K U 
14+4 OldStn CP 
16’ a 17’ . 
F tConn 
22 
23", 
PanA Bn 
7 
7U 
FtEm pSt 
8"a 
BU 
Phila Nat 
32' / 33 
F tF n F la 
5*. 
6U 
Pitt N R 
38U 39 
FtHawai 
23 
24 
Prov Nat 
71 ’ a 72' , 
FtlllCp 
13 
13", 
Prov N pf 
Rainr Bn 
22 
24 
Ft JerNt 
14 
14", 
AT', 43 
FtK vN at 
77’ ,28+/ 
Riqg Wsh 
Seafirst 
3 V , 32'a 
FtLinc En 
5U 
5’ . 
3?' , 33'. 
FtM arin 
3 "a 
C/a 
Sec N Y S 
14", 15". 
Ft Md Bn 
23’ . 
24 
Sec Pac 
77'a 27", 
FstNBcp 
28" )3o' / 
Shaw Cp 
78 
29 
FtNBncs 
19 
TO 
Society 
SoCarNt 
33’a 34 ’a 
FstN Cinn 
3o+431 v. 
18 
19 
FtNMGa 
2V / 22U 
SoeiBk pf 
8 
9 '. 
FstNH Bk 
15' / 17 
Soest Pa 
27 
29 
FstO klaB 
8’ / 
9 
StaSt Bos 
TA 
27 
Ft Sec SL 
42' / 43", 
Subur Be 
18’ * I BU 
Fst Tenn 
8+a 
9U 
Sumito 
15 
16 
FstTexF 
K U 
IS 
SunB F U 
IO 
IOU 
FstUn Bn 
3o 
31 
Terin vail 
15 
IS ', 
Fst UnCp 
12 
12", 
TxAm Bn 
24 "a 25 
FstU Bnc 
15"/ 16’ . 
Thrd Nat 
23 'a 24U 
FtW nFn 
2+4 
3 
Trust Ga 
24 
25 
Flag Bks 
5’a 
6* a 
Un NPitt 
71 
23 ria Com ll", 
U U 
UnTr Bnc 
19’ a 21+4 
FMN F U n u 
U U 
UnBk NY 
21'a 22U 
Cai Oh SL 
6U 
7’ a 
Un Bk Col 
19U 2o*8 
Girard 
43'. 44' a 
UnCaro B 15' / 17 
Grtr Jrs y ll" . l l ’ a 
Un MOB 
21 
27 
Hartf NC 
14 
IC , 
US Bncrp 
UST NY 
77U 27U 
.H a w Brie 
17' 7 13 
24 
25 
Hawk Bn 
IC a 14’ a 
U Ten Be 
SU 
S U 
Hawth F 
12 
12' , 
UVa Bks 
18’ a 19 Va 
Herd Bnc 
13 
13' , 
Vail Bncp 71' 7 23 
Hon/ Bp 
Hosplt Tr 
IOU 
IV / 
Val Ari/ 
18’a 18’a 
25 
27 
VaN Bnk 
TO 
21 
Huntg Bn 
78’ . 29+a 
Wilm Tr 
39", 4V , 
Idaho FN 
39 
41 
\N or co Bn 
8' / 
9' , 
Ind Bksh 
23 
TA' 7 
Stock 
Bid 
Ask 
Ind Net 
9’ . 
IOU 
Am B Ins 
4U 
5 
IndVa Ph 
24", 25", 
Am B Lf 
6 
6", 
L l TCO 
22', 24 
Am Fid L 
6' / 
7 '. 
LndBcsh 
12' 7 14 
Am Fdrs 
15’ . 16’ . 
LndB Fla 
SU 
6' a 
A Guam 
3’a 
Ca 
Line 1st 
22 U 
23’ a 
A Horitag 
Amine Lf 
IO 
IOU 
Linlst pf 
U U 
13 
IV / U U 
M frB LA 
IO 
IO", 
Aint Grp 
(O' / ( I U 
MtrsN Cp 
Marne cp 
32 
37’ a 
Aln! Rein 
31 
3?' / 
33 
34", 
AN Fml 
IO' / IOU 
Marsh lls 
36' ? 38 
Am Reins ? ? '. 
22’ . 
M ary Na! 
18' , 19U 
Am Resv 
5’ / 
5U 
Melon NII S C . 
55 
Asse Mad 
? ’ . 
3 
Mer Bncp 29+4 3o "a 
BkS«c Lf 
9+4 
9+4 
Mere Bk 
U U 
U ’ a 
Ben f St A 
8 
8’ . 
Mere pf 
41", 43", 
Ben* St B 
8 
8*. 
Mere Tex 
25’ . 26’ . 
BM A 
16'. 
17' j 
Mere SL 
SU 
6’ a 
Contend 
8 'b 
8", 
Mich NII 
JOH 31 ’a 
Ch ubb Cp 
34 'a 34 "s 
MidlndB 
19 
21 
Coastl St 
5’ a 
6' B 
Midi Bks 
23", 24' , 
College U 
IO 
IOU 

 olon LA 
Comb Ins 
Conn Gen 
Crit Ins 
Durn Lie 
ERC Cp 
Emp Fire 
Emp Gen 
Empl Cas 75 
26’ / 
Equt Gen 
15' ? 16' ? 

9’V 1o*6 
15' 
15’ r 
48'. 48’. 
18’ y 19*. 
27*. 78+. 
2b . 25'. 
8 
8' 7 
1’ a 
V , 

EqtL Iwa 
Farm Gr 
Frm NW 
Fidel Va 
FidUn Lf 
F st A Fin 
Fst Colon 
Fst Exec 
Frank Lf 
G Reinsu 
G Wash 
Globe Lf 
Gov Snip 
Gov E l wt 
Gov Em L 
GtSo CP 
Ham 1 Int 
Hanov In 
H adst B 
Home Be 
Ind LAA 
Indian Gr 
Inter fnl 
JeffN Lf 

18’ a 19’ a 
21 
21'. 
35' z 37' z 
3'/ 
3’. 

TV 7 23 
17'. 18". 
14' / 15 
7 
2' / 
23'V 23' / 
15616o 
V t 
I H 
15'. 16’ . 
5'/ 
5"» 
'a 
H l l ’ a ll'a 
18’ a 19'n 
3*. 
4' a 
19’ * 19’ a 
44 
45 
3 )'. 32'. 
131/ 13’ a 
21’ a 21'e 
9*» 
9 '. 
12'/ 13 
KanC Lfe 37' / 38' / 
Kemper 
31 
31' 
KyCen Lf 
LibNt Ll 
L iteln Ga 
Life Inv 

746 
8'V 
23’ a 24'a 
2o 
2o’// 

TH 
TH 

Mere Gen 15' z 16 
Mon Cap 
14*. 15'. 
Mono Cp 
NN Corp 
N a tl Fla 
Na'Old L 
Na! West 
Natnw A 
Nowst Lf 
Ohio Cas 
OldR int 
Penn Ll 
Phila Lf 
Pre! Risk 
Protect 
ProvL A 
Rep Life 
Safeco 
St Paul 
Secor Am 
Sec Conn 
Sec Ll Ac 
SoCar In 
Sthld Fin 
Swn Life 
Sovergn 
State Grp 
Time H 
Trnspt Lf 
Unit Divr 
U FirCas 
Unit Svc 
Wst CAS 
Wrld Svc 
Ten Natl 

 l l '/ 12 
17 
17’. 

V S 
3’ a 
6'a 
6‘a 
5’ .57 16 
11 ll'a 
19' / 2o 
(O '. 41’. 
23' / 24 V. 
3^.37 16 
13 "a 14’ a 
12 
13 
17 
17'/ 
38 
39'/ 
7’ a 
7’ a 
37'a 38’ a 
29'a 3o’a 
9’ j 
9*. 
IO1/ ll 
72 
72*. 
13". 133x ll ll'/ 
IV’a 2o’ a 
3*. 
4’ a 
3’% 
4 
IV / 2o’ /. 
5'4 
6’ a 
3’ a 
4'a 
21 
22 ll'a l l ' 7 
24'? 75 
S' / 
6 
6+. 
V t 

SoGtii In IO 91 
Sw tnys 
7 88 
Sw in GI 
4 8? 
5 71 
Sover In 
17 o2 l l lf 
Spectra F 
4 49 NL 
State Bond Or 
Com 7 
4 25 
Civ Fd 
4 95 
5 41 
Prog F 
3 8o 
S 'Frm GI 
5 92 NL 
SFrm Ba 
9 43 N L 
State St 
41 97 4? 
Steadman Funds 
Am Ind 
7 29 NL 
Asso F 
I IO NL 
Invest 
I 39 NL 
Or ear) 
6 ll NL 
Stem Roc- Fds 
Balao 
17 S4 NL 
Cap O 
8 36 N I 
Stock 
12 J* NL 
Survey F 
8 61 
9 41 
Temp Gt 12 OB ll 2o temp inv 
I OO NL 
Trns Cap 7 18 
7 
Tm*, Inys 9 28 IO o9 
Tray Eq 
9 95 IO 87 
Tuck Md 13 43 13 aa 
I wnC Gt 
4 o3 NL 
TwnC Inc 
5 58 NL 
USA A Gt 
7 62 NL 
IJSA A Int ll 71 
NL 
US Gov 
9 74 
9 Bv 
Unit M u unavatl 
Uni lurid onaveii 
Union Svc Grp 
Broad ll B f 12 l l 
Na! Inv 6 17 
6 65 
U Cap 
IO 74 ll 58 
Union 
12 8o 13 8o 
United Funds 
Acc*” 
6 26 6 #4 
Bond 
7 34 
8 o? 
Con Or 8 92 
9 75 
Con inc 9 46 IO 34 
Incom 
IO S ill 56 
5k ten 
5 45 
5 96 
Vang 
5 o5 
5 5? 
Unit Svcs 
I TO NL 
Value Line Fd 
Val t i 
6 7$ 
6 9? late rn 
5 I? 
5 25 
Lev Ort 
9 OI 9 2+ 
Spl Sit 
4 o9 
4 >9 
Vance Sanders 
IIH urn 
13 5214 78 
Invest 
7 OS 
7 TO 
Comm 
6 3o 6 7 8 
Sped 
7 88 
I 66 
V-Jhd Gth 
3 85 NL 
Vand Inc 
J 94 NL 
Vanguard Group 

 ption lcoa 
Alcoa 
Am I el 
Am I el 
Am Tel 
. 
At! R 
All R 
At! R 
Avon 
Avon 
Avon 
Bank Am 
BankAm 
Beth S 
Beth s 
Beth S 
Bruns 
Bruns tun n j Burl N 
Burrgh 
Burrqh 
Burrqh 
Cilicp 
CihCp 
Citicp 
Delta 
Oelta 
Delta 
Diq Eg 
Dig Eq 
Dig Eg 
Diq Eg 
Dig Eq 
Diq Eq 
Disney 
Disney 
Disney 
Disney 
Disney 
O'Sney 
Disney 
Dow Cb 
Dew Ch 
Dow Ch 
Dow Ch 
Ju Pnt 
Ju Pnt 
1u Pnt 
E as Kd 
Fas Kd 
Eas Kd 
Eas Kd 
Eas Kd 
Exxon 
Exxon 
Exxon 
Exxon 
N M 
N M 
Fluor 
Fluor 
Fluor 
Fluor f Ord 
Ford 
Gen El 
Gen E l 
Gen E l 
M 
M 
M 
Gt Wst 
GI wst 
Gt Wst 
Git Wn 
GU Wn 
Hal bin 
Ha I bin 
Mal bin 
Horn stk 
Homs'k 
Homstk 
Homstk 
Homstk 
HOU OM 
HOU OM 
How OM 
Moo OM 
HOU OM 
Moo OM 
N A 
N A 
N A 
B M 
B M 
In Har 
In Har in Har 
In Min 
In Mm 
In Pap 
In Pap 
In Pap 
I T 
T T 
T T 
John J 
John J 
Keno C 
Kenn C 
Kenn C k err M 
Kerr M 
Kresge 
Kresge kresqe 
Loews 
Loews 
Loews 
Loews 
Mc Don 
Mc Don 
Mc Don 
Merck 
Merck 
Mere k 
M errll 
Mere ii 
M M M 
M M M 
Monson 
Monson 
Monson 
N C R 
N C R 
N C R 
Nw Air 
Nw Air 
Nw Air 
Pc*nn/ 
Penn/ 
Pepsi 
Pepsi 
Poi ar 
Polar 
Polar 
Polar 
R C A 
R C A 
R C A 
Sears 
Sears 
Sperry 
Sperry 
Sperry 
Sperry 
Syntex 
Syntex 
T and/ 
Tandy 
Tandy 
Teldyn 
Teldyn 
Teldyn 
Teldyn 
Tesoro 
Tesoro 
Tesoro tex In 
Tex In 
Tex In tex In 
UpiOhn 
Upiohn 
UpiOhn 
^Vyerh 
Weyerh 
Xerox 
Xerox 
Xerox 

Wednsday. M ar 
A price 
Apr 
5o 
AO 
55 
6o 
65 
•15 
5o 
6o 
•IO 

Chicago Options 

41. a 
BV* 
3 a. 
7 16 
9’ a 
5'/ 

2 
Jut 
5'k 
15 16 a 
4‘x 
1'a b 
6". 
15 16 
6". 

O d Close 
6+a 
53+ 

5+4 
45111 16215 16 
5o 
3 16 
H 

75 19 16 
2’ a 
3o 
'a 
+% 
35111 16 29 16 
4o 
45 
15 
7o 
4o 
45 
7o 
8o 
9o 
25 

3 16 
I 16 
I 
I 16 
5 l ’ a 
2 
3 16 

1+4 b 
(Va 
19 16 b 

TU 
2 b 
3+4 
1'a 
TU 
13 16 
3'4 ll 16 b 
I' a113 16 
5 16 
' / a 
6' j 
3 
6>/4 
2", 
H b 
2 
Va 

AH 

TH 
AH 
VV 
3 16 
4’ a 
3o l l 16 19 16 
35 
' a 
5 16 
3o b 
3*% 
35 
7 16 l l 16)13 16 
4o 
I 16 
5 16 l l 16 
45113 16 
3’ a 
5 
46’ a 
1211 16 b 

TH 

I 16 
I 16 
7’ a 
7 16 
' a 
I 16 
9’. 
7’ a 
’ n 
S ’ a 

7 16 
3 16 
3'/ 

I? 
5' , 
I +« 
7’ a 
TU 

SO 
’ a 
53’a 
'a 
56’ a 
I 16 
AO 
I 16 
35 
3’ a 
387 a 
I'/ 
4o 15 16 73 16 
43>. 
5 16 l l 16 
45 
48' 7 
5o 
35 
4o 
45 
5o 
12o 
13o 
14o 
TO 
8o 
9o 
IOO no 
45 
5o 
.5 5 
. . . . 6o 
15 
7o 
3o 
35 
4o 
45 
5o 
6o 

SO 
.55 
6o 
6o ll' 
7o213 16 
8o 
' 
15 a 
2o 25 16 
25 
H 

IS 
'» 
TO 
I 16 
5o 
6*. 
6o 13 16 
7o 
116 
25 
IS 

V ,211 16 

V«113 16 
H 

S in 
63+t 
63’+ 
63'+ 
54’ . 
54"; 
54'-, 
45+i 
45’ . 
45+4 
76* 
26"a 
36 
36 
36 
15+t 
15’ r 
44"; 
44"/ 
68H 
68+a 
68'a 
29 
29 
29 
32’ a 
32' a 
32'a 
44 
44 
44 
44 
44 
44 
38". 
38'/ 
38'. 
38". 
38'. 
38’/. 
38". 
36** 
36'a 
36’a 
36’ * 
128’ • 
7’ / 128’ a 
3 '. 128'a 
9’ a 
75’ a 

 b b 
H 
SH 

 b 
3 '. b 
V / b b 
4*8 

14' 

4’ * 

I 16 
I 16 
7". 
2’ a 
5 16 
I 16 
I a 
41, 

’ .111 16 b to 

TH 
3’ a 
+1 
3 16 
1'-% 
I 16 
$V« 
’ *115 16 
’ a 
9 16 
I 16 b 
S H 
9'a 
I 25 16 
I ’ . 
3 
5 16 15 16 
I 16 
U 

41. 

 b b b 
4 
15 16 
+i 
1’ a 
3 16 

 to 
3 
IV. b 
IO 
3*» 
4 b 

 b 
5’ . a l l 16 15 16 
7*% 
I 

3o 
35 
4o 
45 
3o 
»4o 
45 
SO 
6o 
4o 
45 
5o 
26o 
28o 

TS 
3o 
35 
15 
4o 
5o 
6o 
TO 
75 
3o 
35 
7o 
8o 
25 
3o 
15 

TO 

.. 8o 
35 
. .4o 
45 

TS 
3o 
3$ 
H 

AO 
I 16 
SO 
7 16 
6o 
I 16 
2 * 

13'. 
8 '. 
4 b 
16 
IV , 
7’ a 
3 '. 
V . 
3 16 
I ' . 
’ a 
I 16 
19 
4*. 
7'a 
2 ’ a 
'. 
8 
3'a 
7 
9 16 a 
8 '. 
3'a 
S 16 
I a 
? ’a 

7’ . 
2*8 
'n to 

13’ / 
9". 
5 '. 
?’ * 
16' / 
13". 
S’ a 
S’ a 
3'a 

 to 

3’ a 
I 
V , 
5 16 

 b b 
8’ a 
6’ a 
3*a b b b 
TH 
S 
V a 21 16 
4’ a 
Va a 
25'. ll* * a 
3 
*a 
8 '. 
3+. 
8 ’ a 
I ’ . 

 b 
3'a 
+* 
3 
*a 
4 

75'a 
75'a 
75’ a 
75’ a 
52’ a 
52'. 
52’ a 
STH 
15’ . 
15*. 
34". 
34'. 
34'. 
34' a 
58' , 
58 / 
5o*+ 
5o’ r 
SOH 
71 
71 
71 
2 ?'. 
22' a 
22" 
14’ 
!4’ » 
56’ . 
56' 
56' 
43' 
43' 
43' 
43' 
43' 
46 
46’ t 
46*1 
46 
46 
46*1 
42 
42 
4? 

5 
I ’ a b 
3) 276 
16'/ 276 b 
1’ a l'-a 
8’ . i n 

AS to 
TO 
HO 
TO 
75 

SO 

AD 

TO 

OO 
9o 
IO 
35 
4o 
TS 
3o 
IS 
3o 
4 
IS 
TO 
6 ', 
8o 
'a 
IO 
S». 
15111 16 
4o 
45 

3’ a b b 
4+4 
IS 16 
4 Va v « 
4'a 
7 16 l l 16113 16 a 
>. ll 16 
2"4 
4+4 
5+4 a 
3 Si 
I U b b 

S’ a 
2*8 
I 
27 16 

 to 

AH 
3+8 

I 16 
8*8 
3+4 

75 16 
'a 

4+8 
) ’ • 
9 16 
V , 
+4 
I ’ * 
2*8 
5 16 
« 
1'a 

I 16 
I 16 
I. 
I 16 
TH 
I 16 
TU 

I 29 16 
I 16 
7 16 
4’ a 
5*4 
V 4 
?** 
3 16 l l 16 
'a 
1*a 
I 16 
7 16 

2'a 
S 16 l l 16 
3'» 
"a 
8*. 

I 16 
4'a 

4’ a 
Va 
1o’ a 
4 
I ' 4 b 
1'a 
I ' , 
2*8 
+4 b 
5'a 

Go Dyn 
SO 
8+a 
IOU a 
58 
Go Dyn 
6o211 16 
4 "a 
SU 
58 
G E Ut 
46' 8 
SU a b 
SOU 
Gen Fd 
3o 
2'a 
2+8 
2U 
31U 
Gen Fd 
35 
3 16 
U 
13 16 
31U 
Hew let 
7o 
5U 
7U a 
7 IU 
Howlet 
8o 
Vs 
2’ a 
4 
7 IU 
Ftowiet 
9o 
' 8 
3 4 b 
71*. 
Howlet 
IOO a u b 
71*. 
H Inns 
IO 
2' / 
TU 
3'/a 
12". 
H Inns 
15 
1 a 
*8 
9 16 
U U 
Honwlt 
4o 
7U 
8' / b 
47U 
Honwll 
45 
3' 7 
5 
S U 
47U 
Hon wit 
5o 
IU 
TH 
3 
47U 
In Fly 
2o 
I 
IU 
2 
I9U 
In Fly 
25 
U 
7 16 
9 16 
19U 
J Manv 
25 
5’ a 
5*4 b 
3o U 
J Manv 
3o 17 16 23 16 
2 Va 
3o A 
J Manv 
35 
3 16 
U 
U 
3oU 
M GIC 
15 
Ha 27 16213 16 
15U 
M G IC 
2o 
14 ll 16 
I 
15U 
Mobil 
55 
13 b b 
67’ ; 
Mobil 
6o 
8 
SU a 
65' a 
Mobil 
65 
3U 
4U 
5+a 
67 Vs 
Mobil 
7o 
U113 16 79 16 
67U 
N Semi 
. IS 
3U 
Ca 
4U 
18't 
N Sem i 
7o 13 16 19 16 23 16 
18' B 
N Semi 
25 
3 16 
+ , 
U 
18'» 
N Semi 
3o 
U 
' 8 b 
18' e 
N Semi 
35 
I 16 b b 
18’ 8 
Occi 
15 
9’a a b 
24U 
Occi 
TO 
4’ a 
SU 
5' / 
24U 
Occi 
75 ll 16 
IU 
2’ / 
24'f 
Rayfbn 
6o IS 16 
3 
3U 
57 U 
P voids 
6o 
6’ 7 
7 a 
66 
Pynlds 
7o 
** 
1 
I U 
66 
SI urn bn 
6o 
2’ b 
3' / 
4"/ 
57’ ; 
Slum b 
66U 
5 16 IS 16 b 
57’ ; 
Skylin 
IS 
I 
1U115 16 
IS 
Skylin 
TO 
' 8 
*8 
’a 
15 
Southn 
15 
IU 
17 16 17 16 
16U 
St Ind 
SO 
3'a a a 
52’ - 
St Ind 
55 u r n 16 
2'a 
52*. 
St Ind 
6o 
3 16 
+/ 
U 
52*« 
Tx Git 
75 
SU a a 
3o 
I x Git 
3o IS 16 
2'a a 
3o 
Tx Git 
35 
"a b b 
3o 
U A L 
7o 
IU 
2'a 
2+4 
2o'1 
U A L 
25 
Vt 
U 
I 
2o V 
U A L 
» 
I 16 
"a b 
7o’ 1 
U Tech 
3o 
6' , a b 
36' . 
U Tech 
35 
2", 
3’a 
3’ a 
36", 
U Tech 
4o 
7 16 
Va 
IU 
36 ; 
J Walt 
3o 
S U b b 
35 
J Walt 
35 
I U 
2'a 
J U 
35 
J W alt 
4o 
3 16 ll 16 l l 16 
35 
Willms 
7o 
4'a 
5+8 a 
74’ v 
Widens 
TS 15 1611! 16 
Total volume 1o4,916 
2'a 
24' ; 

’ a 17 16 71 16 
8'. 
2' / 
6'a 
3'a 

9 
1'a 
2'a 

V SI IO 39 
13 TA IS o4 
1o21)1 16 
« OI 
87$ 
'34 
BO? 
9 75 IO 66 ll 611? 69 
I 87 NL 
I oo Ni 

E xpif f t M m ivast 
Mar., 
Trust 
Wet (si 
W elfin 
West B 
W.ndr 
Var hi 
Walist G 
W en Eq 
West! Ort I 14 
W iv int 
5 33 

Ii OI NL 
13 88 NL 
7 5o NL 
IO 89 NL 
9 o3 NL 
I? 16 NL 
9 76 NL 
9 59 NL 
1o ?9 NL 
3 61 
6 2o 
IO 68 NL 
7 76 
5 83 
NL 
No toad 
+ ales Charge J 

A E P 
A E P 
A m HOS 
Am HOS 
Am HOS 
A M P 
A M P 
Bally 
Bally 
Baxter 
Baxter 
Baxter 
Baxter 
Blk DK 
Blk Dx 
Blk Dk 
Boeing 
Boeing 
Hut-.nu 
Bur C 
Bois C 
Bois C 
( B S 
C B S 
Coke 
Coke 
Coke 

 i l l Col get 
* r 8 Col gal t m * Ed fm w E d 
( Data 
C Data 

TO 
TH 
TSUI 16 
3o 
'4 
6o 
?’ * 
7o 
I 16 
3$ 
3’ a 

AO I) 16 
45 
'a 

SO 
I 16 
2o dx 
25 
I 16 
35 
TH to 
' 
45 
I 16 
55 
5** 
6o 21 16 
7o 
'a 
8o 
'a 
IO 
IS 
TO 
IO 
I '* 
9o 
+4 
MO 
'a n o i 16 
35 13 16 
4o 
' a 
45 
I 16 
4o 
1*8 
45 
3 16 
5o 23 16 
6o a 
, 
7o 
I 16 
May 
2o 

7 16 13 16 
I 16 b 
> b b 
4 
I U 
5‘ a 
19 16 a 
5+4 
1U713 16 

H to 

 b to 

1*4 
I 
4 + 4 

7’ a 
I ' » l l 16 
4' . 

H 

21 16 
9 16 
3*4 
J 17 16 25 16 
7 16 
7+4 
4'a 
IU 

4’ a 
4* a 
5 16 l l 16 

•' J 
3*8 
I 
5 16 
7'a 
U b 
7’ a 

75 

J 
1$ 
2$ to 
2o 

I U ll 16 b 

A ^ a 
3 16 
5 16 
2’ a ll! 16 

I 16 
I'* 
I 16 
2 
+8 
4*a 
TH 
4'a 
1*8 

25 ll 16 

 rn a 

3$ 
1 
4o 
*4 
45 
I 16 
IS 23 16 
TO 
' . 
75 
I 16 
J$ l'4 
4o 
3*4 
4$ ll 16 
7$ 
6*. 
3o I I 16 
35 
5 16 l l 16 
SO 
6*4 
A 
6o l l 16 c 

TO 
9> j lQ*a 

3 16 
2*. 
9 '6 
1 
8’ a 
4' / 
2 a 

TH 

IOU 
5*4 
TH to 

?'• 
Va b 
3*8 
V , 
S 
V I b 
Nov 
4'a 
7 16 
3*4 
Va b 

TH 

H 

SH 
2+4 
4*4 
2+4 
I 

 to to 
SH 
TH 

 a 

3'a 
V a 

32*. 
37 
32’ t 
43’ 
43’ 
56’ r 
SAU 
56’ i 
32* 
32* 
32’ 
ATH 
ATH 
TT 
27’ a 
27* 
7o' a 
7o , 
34'a 
34' 
34’ r ll* 
33*r 
33 
13+a 
4$' 
45' 
45 
56 
56 
56 
19 
19 *r 
SOU 
5o'* 
TA / 
76 , 
76’ J 
M U 
34’ / 
34", 
24'* 
24'a 
?4'a 
33 *a 
33** 
76'. 
TAH 
TSH 
15'. 
35' , 
IS '/ 
TTH 
27'. 
TTH 
61 / i v , 
M U 
M U 
18 a 
M U 
TOU 
TOU 
M U 
36' a 
36*. 
59 
59 
49 
59 
14' , 
U U 
U U 
• 3*4 
•3*8 
•3’ a 
• 1+8 
3$ 
35 l l 
(O '. 
4o+a 

SOU 

Open interest 2,522,545 e Not traded b No option offered 
Chicago Crain 

CHICAGO 
(A P ) 
Soybean futures 
/airted 17’ / cents a bushel on the Chicago 
Board of Trade Wednesday and set new 
■wason hiqhs in all nine contracts 
The advance, the third successive day 
J rising prices, tiffed the first tour con tracts, considered old crop months, above the 58 a bushel tor the first time since 
Noxen'ber 1974 Meal futures closed with a gain of SA a ton and oil was up 75 points, or •. cent a pound 
The strong demand tor commodities in the soybean complex influenced buying of wheat, corn and oats futures several times during the session but there was tot mough sustained demand to move prices higher for any longer than a few minutes 
Late in the session, all three 
Oils carne underheavy, mixed setting pressure and Hosed at about lows tor the 
Ja y Much of the selling was speculative t>u* as prices in wheat, corn and oats went lower it was noted that stop loss areas were being touched in public ac count'. 
A big (acfor in the soybean demand was a trade belief that soybeans wit' be in short supply In a few months and prices will move still higher 
Exports were moving at a better rate than rn 1976 and the expected Inclement weather in the Middle West could present new grain movement problems Above all, however, throughout the day there was a noticlble scarcity ot sellers that would hold down rath successive rallying attempt 
Iced broilers traded on the plus side through most of the session and closed about steady to cent a pound higher 
Demand was influenced by the weather 
At the close, soybeans were 9‘ . to 17i / cents a bushel higher. March 8 o1. wheat was AU to 6' 1 tower. March 2 69' 2; corn was *. to JU lower, March 2.53*a and oats were IU to 1*4 lower. M arch I 79*. 

Open 
High Lo w C leaeR rev 
W H E A T (5,ooo bu) 
Mar 
2 73U 2 TA', 
2 69 U 
2 69' / 2 74'. 
May 
2 82s 2 83 
2 77' / 2 77' 7 
2 84' / 
2 S IU 
Jut 
7 9o 
2 9) 
2 84U 
2 9o 
$ep 
2 98 
2 V9 
2 91»a 2 91+a 2 98'. 
Dec 
3 o7*. 3 (AU 
3 OI'/ 
3 o2 
3 o8 
Mar 
3 16 
J M U 
I IO 
3 It 
3 16' / 
CORN (5,ooo bu) 
Mar 
2 55 
2 55 
2 S IU 
J 53*a 2 54’ / 
M ay 
2 6 IU 7 67 
2 6o 
2 6o' a 2 61U 
Jut 
2 67U 2 67' , 2 6«U 2 64’ / 2 AT 
Set' 
?6 9 U 2 TOU 7 66' 7 2 66' / J 69 '. 
Dec 
2 T IU 2 72 
2 48’ / 7 AH' / 2 71+k 
Mar 
2 77U 2 77' - 2 74 
2 74 
J 77 
OATS ( 5,ooo bu) 
Mar 
I S IU I 8? 
I 79' j 
I 79*. 
I SI 
May 
I 77 
I 77*a I 75 
I TS 
I 76' , 
JU 
I 7o 
I TOU 
I 68’ 7 I 68' / I TO U 
Sip 
I M U I 65' a I 63 / I 63' / I 64*. 
D « 
I 68 
I 61 
I 65' , I 65’ / I 67' a 
S O Y B E A N S ! {.OOO bu) 
Ma* 
7 88 
8 o3 
TOT' 7 
• OI 
7 84' / 
May 
7 96 
8 o9 
7 93 / • oz 
7 93 
UU 
7 95 
8 o8 
7 94 
I o8 
7 93 
Aug 
Tm 
8 OO'/ 7 87 
I M U 
7 83 
Sn 
7 49 
7 59 
7 48 
7 57 
7 46' 7 
Nov 
7 IT 
7 36 
7 16 
7 36 
7 16' , 
Jan 
TTT' , 7 J? 
7 21 
732 
7 2o 
Mar 
7 26 
7 IS 
7 25' / 7 35 
T 74' 7 
May 
7 77 
7 37 
7 27 
7 37 
T 27 
S O Y B E A N O IL (6o.ooo ID*) 
Mar 
TA IO 
24 65 
24 o5 
34 65 
23 9o 
May 
TA SO 
JA OS 
24 38 
24 83 
34 35 
JU 
TA TS 
TS IO 
24 65 
25 o5 
74 5o 
Aug 
Ti 95 
2$ 1$ 
24 7o 
25 1$ 
24 55 
Sep 
75 o3 
25 2o 
24 75 
25 '.o 
74 65 
Oct 
24 TS 
25 OS 
24 55 
25 OS 
24 55 
O n 
Ta TO 
24 95 
24 45 
24 95 
24 4o 
Jan 
24 85 
24 95 
24 $o 
24 95 
24 45 
Mar 
24 9o 
TS IO 
24 65 
25 IO 
24 6o 
May 
24 9o 
25 IO 
24 9o 
25 IO 
24 SO 
S O Y B EA N M E A L < IOO foeti 
Mar 
771 TO 225 SO 221 TO 22$ 5o 72! IO 
M ay 
TTT 5o 731 OO 227 5o 731 oo 2 26 3o 
Jut 
Aug 
279 OO TTT JO 
.. - » 
21? OO TIS SO 
2 29 OO 23o 9o 229 OO 23o 9o 728 OO 
'ap 
218 OO 221 SO 218 OO 721 $o 718 OO 
Oct 
7o2 OO 2o4 OO 2o1 SO 2oJ 5o 2o1 5o 
Dec 
/OO OO JOI SO 199 3o 2o1 $o 2oo OO 
Jan 
7oo OO 7o1 5o 199 5o TOI SO 7oo OO 
Mar 
199 oo 7oo 5o 199 OO 2oo 5o 
May 
199 SO TOI $o 199 5o TOI SO 2oo SO 

I rt‘a * tir \ Bills 

N EW Y O R K (A P ) 
U S Treasury Bdls tor Wednsday 
Due 
Bid Ask Yid 

8o215 16 
9o 
*1 
25 
I 
3o 
' 
3o 
'l 
35 a 
2o215 16 
25 
9 16 

4' a b is* 
3 16 
*4 
I 16 
3’ a 
Va 

 b 
2 a 

15 16 

 to 

AH 
I U 

23U 
23’ . 
26' / 
S ' / 
26' /' 
25‘. 
25** 
72’ a 
TTH 
M U 
33*. 
33'. l l ' . 
U U 
16*. 
16*. 
43'. 
43* a 
43* i v , n u f l u 
56'; 
56 / 
79'. 
79'i 
79'* 
K: 
3o 
3o > 
22' 
22' 

1977 
3 I 
I 8 
3 IO 
J 17 
3 24 
3 31 
4 5 
4 7 
4 14 
A Ti a Ti 
5 3 
5 5 
5 I? 
5 19 
5 26 
5 ll 
6 I 
A 9 
6 16 

4 58 4 36 o 26 
4 54 4 J? 4 38 
4 54 A 12 4 38 
A SI 4 27 A 14 
4 *8 4 JA 4 33 
4 47 4 27 4 M 
4 5o 4 36 A AA 
4 SO 4 18 4 46 
4 51 4 41 4 49 
4 58 4 48 4 57 
4 58 4 48 A ST 
4 64 4 $4 4 65 
4 64 4 56 4 AA 
4 65 4 57 4 AT 
A 66 4 58 4 69 
4 6$ 4 59 4 7o 
A At A 5V 4 71 
4 91 4 87 5 o6 
4 TO 4 62 4 74 
4 71 4 65 A TO 

A Ti 
A TO 
A 3o 
7 7 
7 14 
J TI 
I it 
7 rn 
8 4 
8 ll 
I Ii 
8 73 
» 25 
9 I 
9 2o ie ii 
11 is 
12 ii 
19/8 
1 IO 
2 7 

4 73 4 66 4 78 
4 74 4 68 4 8/ 
4 74 4 aa 4 82 
4 HO 4 72 4 8/ 
4 HO 4 76 4 91 
4 84 4 76 4 98 
4 8 5 4 77 4 93 
4 84 4 78 4 94 
4 89 4 81 4 98 
A 89 A l l 5 QI 
4 VI « 85 5 o3 
4 91 4 83 5 OI 
4 91 4 BS 5 o4 
o o5 o 24 o 26 
5 OO 4 9o 5 IO 
5 o6 4 98 5 IV 
5 IT* 5 o4 5 26 
532 
5 16 SOI 

5 7o 5 U 5 39 
5 21 5 17 5 49 
Sublet! to Feoff ai taxes but not to 
S t a t e in c o m e 
'axes 

V i n a r i l l o 
U v e M t o c k 

A M A R IL L O Ta* 
(A P ) 
Trade wa* 
HCIIW), unde, broad demand throughout 
IN* Teftdt Par Stinnett*' ind *#t#rn OM* ooma W idnetay 
Slaughter steers ane ceders Steady according lo th# USD A t i-eoiois reported broad inquiry 
Sales on 17,9oo si a ugli tm steers 
37o1 slaughter ne.tars 
Slaughter 
Steers 
Good and mostly choice TO Os percent choice 7 4 1o25 I joe 
J ? 
^ 
,4ri l e 
Autere in 
North 
Plains at 
16 SO 37 » 
M.xed 9ood enc choice 2 4 1ooo USO tbs 36 oo JA SO Low 
(Odd I 7 HOO lb holsteins 14 OO 
Slaughter heifers good and moan. choice 7 4 875 1o25 lbs 14 5o V 15 5o (aru* 
Vi arcual 15 OO Mixed uooo and c h e r ? ? * 
HOO v$o it/s 11 OO 34 SO 
Good wad few choice 2 1 775 tbs 33 5o 
* 

Amex Options 

O ption 
A etn a 
A etna 
A etn a 
Am C y a 
Am C y a 
Am Horn 
Am H e m 
Am H orn 
Am H orn 
A sarco 
A sarc o 
B eat F 
B u rrg h 
B u r r g h 
8 u r r g h 
C h a se > . 
C h ase 
C h ase 
C Tel 
C Tel 
D e e re 
D e e r e 
D e e r e 
Dig E q 
Dig E q 
Dig E q 
Dig E q 
Dig E q 
D ig E q 
D isney 
D isn ey 
D isney 
D isney 
D isn ey 
D isn ey 
D is n e y ju p m ju P n t j u P n t 
P sf C h 
P s f Ch 
P s i C h 
P s f C h 
G Tel 
G Tel 
G il'et 
. 
Gullet 
G oodyr 
G o o d y r 
G re y h d 
G ull o 
G u lf O 
H e rc u l 
H ere u I 
H e rc u l 
H P C 
L illy 
L illy 
L illy 
M e rril 
. 
T e r r il 
T e r r il 
• 
M esa P 
M esa P 
M esa P 
M o trla 
M o trla 
M o tr la 
P fiz e r 
P fizer 
P h e lp s 
P h e lp s 
P h e lp s 
Ph M o r 
P h M o r 
P itn e y . 
P itn e y 
P ro c G 
P ro c G 
R ite A 
R ite A 

W e d n s d a y . M a r 
& p ric e 
A pr 
25 
T > • 
3o 
35 
25 
3o 
.25 

2 
Jus 

3 Va 

5V, 
3o 19 16 
35 
’* 
4o 
1 1 6 
15 
3»A 
2o 
3% 
25 l l 16 
7o 
21 16 
8o 
3 16 13 16 
9o 
I 16 
«4 
6 
6 
P * 1 1 3 16 
V. 
5 16 a 
IV* 

I ’* 

7% 113 -16 27 16 
I 16 
7 1 6 
% 
3W v« 
64* 
2'* 
Va b 
4 '* 
I 
IV, 
41,4 

O ct C lo se b 
29** 

...2 5 
3o 
35 
15 
2o 
25 
3o 
35 
45 
. 46&* 
. . . 5o 
533* 
564* 
.6o 
. . 3 5 
38** 17 16 
. 
4o 
*/• 
433, 
1. 
. . . 45 
48 Va 
5o 
.. 12o 

2314 b b 
4 Va 
13* 
13* 
6V* 
2 '/4 l l 16 b 
2v4 
9 1 6 a 
3 16 a 
3Va 
4 
7 16 13 16 15 16 
I 16 a b 
134 
3Va 
434 
1211 16 b 
5 16 
'* 
I 16 
I 16 
334 

I ’* 29 16 l l 16 b 

5 
23* 
2’* 
15 16 
’* l l 16 
I-16 
34 
I 16 
3 1 6 
91/a l r , 
13o211 16 
5V4 
14o 
3*113-16 
14’4 13 16 b 
15 
7 16 
19 
I 16 

29*/* 
29** 
28’* 
2 8 '? 
31’* 
31’* 
31’* 
31’ * 
1834 
18a4 
24’* 
68** 
68** 
68** 
31 
31 
31 
16 
16 
28 * 
28 ’* 
28’* 
44 
44 
44 
44 
44 
44 
38’* 
38 '* 
38’* 
38’4 
38 V4 
38 V, 
38 '4 

 b b 
9 16 
534 b 
3 '* b 
13* b b 
1334 128'* 
73* 128'* 
3’* 128’* b 
14’* 

 a 
4 ’* 

 l ’/4 

2o 
..2 5 
3o 
25 
3o 
2o 
25 
.. 
.15 
25 
3o 
25 
3o 
35 
2o 
4o 
3 
45 
7 16 
5o 
2o 
. 
25 
3o 
3o 

13 16 b b 
3 16 
4 '/4 b 
1 1 1 6 
I 
I** 25 16 a 
5 16 
'* 
134 27 16 29 16 
1 1 6 
’4 
9 16 
5 16 
Va l l 16 
4’4 
43* 
4 '* 
5 16 15 16 l l 16 
' a 
I '* 
Ii* 
I 16 a a 
I 16 b b 
9 16 IS 16 15 16 

V* 

35 
4o 
45 
5o 
6o 
25 
3o 
35 
4o 
45 
5o 
6o 
15 
2o 
BO 
9o 
IS 
2o 

I 16 
5 

4 
13* 
3* 
I Va 
** b 
534 

43/4 
2’* 
9 16 
2’* ll 16 b b 
13*215 16 
3** 
3* 
1115-16 
13* 
3 
43* 
7 16 13 16 
2 '* 
I 16 
’ 4 7 .16 
3 
3 'a 
3*8 
'* 
9 16 15 16 
2 ’/4 a a 
34 
11/4 b b 
6 a 

’* 
I 16 a 
5 16 l l 16115 16 
23* 
3’* 
'-4 
9 16 
3** 
5 3 , 
3 16 a 
9 16 l l 16 

3V, 
I 
7’/4 
2' a 
I '* 

St C al 
........... 35 
St C al 
St C al 
T R W 
T R W 
T a n d y 
T an d y 
. . 
T a n d y 
T an d y 
T e x a c o 
T e x a c o 
U C a rb 
U C a rb . 
U C a rb 
U S St 
U S St 
W rn L m 
W rn L m 
W estn g 
. 
W e s tn g 

A M F 
A M P 
A M P 
A S A 
A S A 
A S A 
A S A 
A vnet 
A vnet 
B ally . . 
B ally 
C a te rp 
T a te rp 
C e te ra 
Con E d 
Con E d 
Con E d 
> P e p 
3 r P e p 
?l P a s 
=1 P a s 
-le e tw r ie e tw 
3 r a c e j r a c e 
.a P a c 
. a P a c 
M GIC 
M GIC 
4 DI st 
9 G ist 
■9 S e m i 
4 S em i 
N S e m i 
4 S em i 
4 o r l S 
3e n n e y 
K enney 
K enney 
3e n n e y 
3hil P 
3tlll P 
3hil P 
3 e s O O ie*. O G 
4 e» O G ie a rle 
> earle lim p P im p P ite r lg 
It o rig fe n n c o fe n n c o 
T e n n c o 
T tg er 
T iger 
*en ith 
Z enith 
'e n ith 

4o 
45 
35 
4o 
3o 
35 
4o 
45 
25 
3o 
. 5o 
6o 
.7o 

5 ’* 
2 b 
234 

I 16 
53* 

1’/4 
'* 
Va 13 16 
I 'a 29 16215 16 
3 16 
34 15 16 
6 J* b b 
2 Vt 
3 '* 
43* 
7 16 
17 16 25 16 
1 1 6 
7 16 
** 
3 ’* a 
7 16 l l 16 ll* * a 
334 
43* 
3* b 
3 ’/4 
4’/4 
I 19 16 a b 
I '* 
13* 
3’* 
3 Va 
9 16 15 16 
A ug 
N ov 

3’ 
'* l l '* 
2 '* 
I 16 
45 25 16 
5o 
3* 
25 
33/4 
3o 
3* 
15 
23* 
2o 
3 16 
M ay 
15 
7’* 
' a b 
2o 21 16 27 16213 16 
25 
IO 
15 
TO 
25 

7 16 
12** b 
7** 
73* 
3 'a 
4 '* 
I '* 115 16 
15 27 16213 16 
2o 
2o 
25 
5o 
55 
65 

334 
I 
2' a 

43/4 
2 
33* 
13* 

15 a 
2o 27 16 
25 

73* 

3* b 
8 
4 * . 
2’ a 
3 
34 
5' a 
23, 
4' a a b b 
23* 

2 3 , 
3 16 
5 '4 
3 , 
9 16 

43* 
3* 
** 

IO 
15 
.1o 
. .15 
15 
. .TO 
25 
3o 
15 
2o 
15 
2o 
2o 
25 
15 
2o 
25 
. 35 
2o 
4o 
..4 5 
. . SO 
55 a 
55 a 
6o 
13* 
7o 
3 16 
IO 
73, 
. 15 
3' 4 

7 16 11 16 a b 
’ a l l 16 
I 
IV , 
G-16 
3* 
4 '* a 
I 17 16 
13* 
134. 
'a 
3 , 9 16 
134 27 16211 16 
'4 
3* 15 16 
434 a 
5 ’/4 
9 16 
** l'/4 
33* 
4V* 
43* 
34 
I ’ a 
2 
3 16 
7 .1 6 
** 
1 1 6 b b 
'« 
9 16 13 16 
23* 
3* 
3 16 

33* 
17 16 
'a 
3 16 a 
23* 
7 16 b 
33* 

434 
2’* b b 
6 
3 'a a b 
4 '* 
2o 13 16 15 16113 16 
1o111 16113 16 
. 15 
I 16 
Vt 
IO 
3 '4 
3 'a 
15 
7 16 13 16 
15 
*<• ll* 
. 2 o 
1 1 6 
'* 
3o 
4** 
5 '* 
. 3 5 
I 19 16 
4Q 
’ a 5 16 
IO 13 16 
IS 
'* 
25 15 16 
3o 
'* 
35 
I 16 
T otal v o lu m e 42,B4«Open in te r e s t 
936,85o a N o t tr a d e d b N o o p tio n o ffe re d 

2 
3* 
3 ’ a 
I 
13, 
Va 
5 Va 
I** b 
134 
7 16 
1< a 23 16 
7 16 
3 , b b 

I Va 

14’4 
1 4 '4 
14»/4 
29’4 
29'4 
2534 
2534 
21’* 
21’ a 
1434 
29’4 
2 9 '4 
23’* 
23*4 
23** 
2 o ’* 
42** 
42’* 
42** 
1934 
1934 
193, 
3434 
3434 
343/4 
4531 
453, 
453* 
27** 
27** 
36' a 
36 Vs 
3 6 's 
5 5 '* 
5 5 ’* 
1734 
173/4 
B2’/a 
82’* 
1434 
1434 
4o31 
4o3 F 
4o31 
3 5 '* 
3 5 ’* 
36’4 
36’ 4 
3 6 '4 
36'/4 
27** 
27*/, 
61' a 
6 1 '* 
61' a 
46 Va 
46' a 
2 8 '* 
2 8 'a 
173* 
17 3 , 

213/4 
2134 
213, 
22** 
22** 
22** 
22*8 
17’4 
17’ 4 
22 V, 
225a 
51 3 , 
5 P r 
51 3 , 
22’ a 
22' a 
22’ a 
123, 
1 2 3 , 
1 5 '* 
15'a 
14 '* 
1 4 'a 
29’ , 
2 9 'a 
15 
15 
15** 
15** 
243, 
243, 
18'* 
18’ a 
1 8 '* 
18'a 
1 8 3 , 
41' a 
4 1 '* 
41' a 
4 1 1* 
573, 
5 7 3 , 
57 3 , r n * 
17’ a 
17' a l l ’ * l l '* 
13 
13 
15' 4 
15'4 
3434 
34*4 
3414 
IO '* 
IO' a 
24’ a 
24' a 
24' 

Treasury Bonds 

U S T r e a s u r y B onds 
N E W Y O R K (A P ) — C lo sin g O v e r th e - 
C o u n te r 
U .S. 
T r e a s u r y 
B o n d s fo r 
W e d n sd a v . 
R a te 
M a t. d a te 
B id A s k e d B id C h g Y id a 5o M a r l? 7 7 n 
'* * - 
• 
7 38 A p r 
1977n 
6 88 M a y 1977n 
9 OO M a y 1977n 
6 75 M a y 1977n 
6 5o J o n 
1977n 
7 5o 
J a l 
1977n 
7.75 A u g 1977n 
8.25 A u g 1977n 
8 28 S e p 
1977n 
7.5o O c t 
1977n 
7.75 N o v 1977n 
6 63 NOV 1977n 
7 25 D e c 1977n 
6 38 
J a n 
1978n 
6 25 F e b 1978n 
8 oo F e b 1978n 

KC Livestock 

K A N S A S C IT Y (A P ) — Q u o ta tio n s to r 
W e d n e sd a y 
C a ttle 1,7oo 
S la u g h te r c o w s n o s ily s te a d y w ith T u e s d a y 's c lo s e 
T h in s e d e r s s te a d y b u t fle s h y w e a k to SO low jr S la u g h te r c o w s u tility a n d s o m e c o m n e r c ia l 26 oo 28 oo; h ig h d r e s s in g 28.1o 
79 85 F e e d e r s t e e r s c h o i c e th in 3M) 55o lb 
19 oo 42 75, fle s h y d o w n to 
36 oo; p a r t o a d s 7oo OSO lb 35 OO 36 75 F e e d e r h e if e rs jood a n d c h o ic e 3oo 5oo lb 3o OO 32 85. fle- 
>hy a n d p e r tly f a tte n e d 65o 85o lb 3o 5o 
12 3o 
H o g s 1.5oo 
B a rro w s a n d g ilts 1,oo to n o s fly ISO n ig h e r , 
1 2 215 735 lb 4o oo 
o 25. I 3 TOO 25o lb 39 5o 4o oo. 2 3 235 275 b 39 oo 39 75 S ow s 75 1 OO h ig h e r . 1 3 33o 
■OO lb 35 oo 35 SO. 525 lb 36 oo 
S h e e p 
SO 
S te a d y 
S p rin g s la u g h te r a m b e c h o ic e a n d p r im e 95 ID 52 OO 
O ld ro p s la u g h te r la m b s c h o ic e , few p r im e 
7o 1o5 lb w o o le d 
46 oo 47 oo 
S la u g h te r 
-tw as u tility a n d g o o d IO OO 14 oo 
E s tim a te s to r T h u r s d a y ; c a tt l e 4,5oo. to g s 1,8oo s h e e p SO__________________ 

.1 

6.75 M ar 
1978n 
6.5o A p r 1978n 
7.13 M a y 1978n* 
7 88 M a y 1978n 
7 .1 3 M a y 1978n 
6 88 J o n 
1978n 
6 88 J u t 
1978n 
7 63 A u g 1978n 
3 75 A u g 
1978n 
6 63 A u g 1978n 
6 2 5 S e p 1978n 
5 88 O c t 
1978n 
6 OO NOV 1978n 
5.75 NOV 1978n 
5 25 D e c 1978n 
3 13 D e c 1978n 
5 88 
J a n 
1979n 

IOO 2 IOO 6 
IOO. 11 IOO. IS. loo. m o o . is 
IOO 2 4 1 o o .2 8 - 
1oo 131oo 1 7 ......... 
1 o o 1 4 1 o o 1 8 
1oo 3 1 1 o1.3 
1o1.5 1o1.9 
1o1 141o1.18 
1o1 241o1 28 
1 o 1 .1 1 1 o 1 .1 5 
1o1.181o1 2 2 .......... 
1oo 271oo 31 + .1 
1 o 1 .1 3 1 o 1 .1 7 ____ 
IOO 221oo 2 6 + .1 
1oo.181oo 22— .1 
1o2.9 1o2 1 3 + .1 
1o13 1o1.7 + .1 
IOO.27 IOO.31 
1o1 181o1 2 2 + .1 
1o2.131o2 1 7 + .1 
1o1 181o1 2 2 + .1 
1o1 9 1 o 1 .1 3 _____ 
IO) 1 o 1 o 1 .1 4 .......... 
1o2 121o2.16 + 
1o3 281o4 
1o1 
1o1.4 + 
1oo.131oo 17 + 
99 25 99 29 + 
1oo 
IOO 4 + 
99 .1 7 99 19 + 
9 8 .1 9 98 21 + 
1o3.121o3 16 
99 18 99 2o + 

.1 
:r 
.1 
.1 
.1 
.2 
.2 

1 
7 oo F e b 1979n 
1 o 1 .2 o 1 o 1 .2 8 + .2 
5 88 F e b 1979n 
99 .1 9 99.21 + .2 
7 8 8 M a y 1979n 
1o3.161o3 2 4 + .3 
7 75 
J un 
1979n 
1o3.1o1o3 1 8 + .2 
4 25 A u g 1979n 
4 88 A u g 1979n 
3 5 o S e p 
1979n 
5 25 NOV 1979n 
4 63 NOV 1979n 
7 OO N o v 1979n 
7 5o D e c 1979n i OO 
F e b 
198o 
4 5o F e b 198on 
7 5o M ar 
198on 
4 88 M a y 198on 

IOO 
1oo.8 + 
1o1.1o1o1 18 + 
1o5 3 1o5.11 + 
99 21 99 25 + 
IOO 211oo.29 
TOI 161o1 24 + 
1o2 211o2 29 + 
93.2o 94 4 + .2 
1oo.3 IOO 7 + .5 
1o2.191o2.27+ J 
IOO.26 1 o 1 .2 + .4 
7 63 
J un 
198on 
1o2 261o3 .2 
> oo A u g 198on 
1o7 4 1o7.12 + 
4 88 S ep 198on 
I SO 
NOV 
198o 
5 88 D e c 198on 
* OO F e b 1981n 
7 38 F e b 1981n 
4 88 M a r 
198 In 

5 
.2 
1 o o .1 8 1 o o .2 6 + .4 
9o 14 9 1 ,1 4 + .2 
97 5 
97 .9 + .5 
1oo.221oo 3 o + .4 
1o1 281o2 4 + .5 
1oo 5 IOO 7 + .4 
* 3 8 M a y 1981n 
TOO 
A ug 
1981 
* 63 A u g 1981n 
’ OO NOV 1981n 
* .75 NOV 1981n 
4 13 F e b I9 8 2 n 
4 38 
F e b 
1982 
I OO M a y 1982n 
M 3 A u g 1982n 
* 88 NOV 1982n 
I OO F e b 1983n 
125 J u n 
1978 83 
* oo N o v 
1983n 
99 9 
99 1 3 + .7 
25 F e b 
1984n 1oo 
1o1oo 1 4 + . l l 
4 38 
A ug 
1984 
96 16 97 16— .2 
I 25 M a y 1985 
77 6 
78 6 
I 25 M ay 
1975 85 
82 24 83.24 
88 M a y 
1986n 1o2 3o1o3 6 + .1o 
J oo A u g 
1986n 1o3 291o4 1 + ,1 o 
13 NOV 
1986 
95 
96 + .24 
I 5o 
F e b 
199o 
72 18 73 18 + 
6 
I 2 5 M a y 199o 
1o5 161o6 
+ 
.6 

IOT 2 6 1o2.2 + .4 
IOO 3o1o1.3o+ .2 
1o2 2 2 1 o 2 .3 o + .6 
IOO 6 IOO. 14 + 
1o3 2 1o3 1o + 
96 21 96 23 F 
98 6 
98 22 4- 
1o4.4 1o4 12 + 
1o4.221o4 3 o + 
1o3 211o3 29 + 
1 o 4 5 1o4 13 + 
81 3o 82 3 o + 

* 25 Aug 
1987 92 
OO F e b 1988 93 
4 75 
F e b 
1993 
* 5o A ug 
1988 93 t 13 M ay 1989 94 
I oo F e b 1995 
’ OO M ay 
1993 98 
1 5o 
N ov 
15o M a v 
F e b 
I 38 A uq 
1 OO A ug 
I 25 M ay 
* 63 F e b 

74 2 
75 2 + 
4 
73 
74 
+ 
.2 
95.1o 96. IO 4- 
2 
99 1o1oo 1 o+ .2 
72 12 73 12+ 
4 
71.14 72 14 
96 24 97 24 
71 12 72 12— 
2 
1o6 161o7 
+ .12 
1o1 4 1o1 1 2 + .1o 
1o5 141o5 3 o + .1o 
1o2.2 1o2.1o+ .12 
1o4.181o5 2 + .1o 
98 8 
98 1 o + .12 

1998 
199 4 99 
1995 OO 
1995 oo 
1996 OI 
2ooo o5 
2oo2 o7 
T r e a s u r y n o te s 
Bid a n d a s k e d p r ic e s q u o te d in d o lla r s snd th ir ty s e c o n d s 
S u b je c t to F e d e ra l a x e s b u t n o t to S ta te in c o m e ta x e s 

3.8 6 
4 27 
4.41 
4.44 
4 45 
4 69 
4.7 6 
4 84 
4.97 
5 o3 
5.2 o 
5 26 
5 28 
5 33 
5 45 
5.5 o 
5.47 
5.57 
5 62 
5 65 
5 66 
5.7o 
5.7 6 
Si 8o 
5 81 
5 84 
5 83 
5 8o 
5 99 
5 92 
6 OO 
6 o4 
6 o7 
6 ll 
5 97 
6 o2 
6 o2 
6.o9 
6.1 5 
6.19 
6 22 
6 34 
6 26 
6.29 
6 36 
6 21 
6 42 
6.48 
6 5o 
6.57 
6 58 
6 62 
6 12 
6 69 
6 71 
6 .7 5 
6.81 
6 8o 
6 49 
6 83 
6 88 
6 9o 
6.91 
6 69 
6 98 
7.o 2 
7 .o2 
7 o8 
6 63 
7.11 
7.17 
6 81 
6.76 
6.88 
7 .4 o 
7.4o 
6 69 
6.57 
7 52 
6 9o 
6 67 
7 14 
7 47 
6 76 
5 42 
7 21 
5 74 
7 75 
7.73 
7 76 
7 76 
7 79 
7 79 

S.A. 
Livestock 

F E D E R A L S T A T E 
M A R K E T N E W S S E R V IC E 

C A T T L E 
A N D 
C A L V E S 
1 .o 2 5 
S la u g h te r c a lv e s a n d y e a rlin g s SI 2 lo w e r 
S la u g h te r c o w s w e a k to 5o c e n ts lo w e r e a rly , la te s a le s s te a d y 
S la u g h te r b u lls s te a d y 
F e e d e r s te e r s a n d b u lls u n e v e n m o stly SM .SO lo w e r. F e e d e r h e if e rs SI to 
I lo w er e a rly , la te s a le s m o stly SI lo w e r. 
S u p o ly a b o u t IO 12 p e r c e n t s l a u g h t e r c a ls s e s . 
B a la n c e m a in ly 
G o o d f e e d e r o ffe rin g s 
S L A U G H T E R 
C A L V E S 
A N D 
Y E A R L IN G S : G o o d a n d C h o ic e 45o 6oo 
IDS. S3o.25-33 75, m p stly $31-32.5o 
S L A U G H T E R 
C O W S : 
U t i l i t y 
1-2 
$27.25 3o.SO. F ew h e if e re tte ty p e u p to S32. 
S L A U G H T E R B U L L S 
Y ield g r a d e 1 2 
1,35o 7.o5o lbs. S31.25-35.75. 
F E E D E R S T E E R S A N D B U L L S : F e w 
C n o ice 35o-5oo lbs. S38.75-43.75. G o o d a n d 
C h o ice 3o6 4oo lbs. 538.75-42.5o, 4oo 5oo lb s. 
$38 42. G o o d 25o 4oo lb s . $34 SO 38 75, 
4 oo 5oo l b s . 
$ 3 5 3 8 .5 o . 
5 o o 6 8 5 
I d s . 
S3?.25-37 5o. S o m e fle sh y 4oo-SSO lb. b u lls 
S3).5o 3 5 5o 
F E E D E R H E I F E R S : C h o ic e 3o o -4 o o lbs S3? 35 G o o d a n d C h o ic e 3oo 5oo lb s 
S3o.2S-33.5o. G o o d 25o 4oo lb s. $27.25-32. 
4 o o -5 o o l b s 
5 2 8 .2 5 -3 3 . 
5 o o 6 o o l b s . 
S27.5o 32.25. S ta n d a r d a n d G o o d 3oo SOO id s $25 25-78 SO 
O T H E R S : F ew la te m o stly G o o d 65o *5o id sto ck c o w s $26.75-78 S e v e ra l G o o d co w a n d c alf p a ir s $255 285 p e r c o ir 
H O G S 
IOO L im ite d s o le s b o r ro w s a n d g ilts s te a d y 
B A R R O W S A N D G IL T S 
F e w U S 
I J 
2oo 24o IDS S3* 17 5o 

Futures 

Year's Highs 
And Lows 

NY S to c k s n e w h ig h lo w s 
N E W H IG H S - 26 
A J In d u s! 
A m S to re s 
C ert te e d 
C h a m p ln t w i 
C la rk O il 
C u tle r H a m 
D*’tE 7 68pf 
F iltro l 
E st M iss Cp 
G e a r h a rt 
In tM in C h m 
J e rC e P H p! 
K an ob 

N E W L O W S 
A rm sfC k 
C ru m F o r 
F ©der D S tr 
H e r c u le ln c 
M a rr io tt 

A m e ric a n n e w h ig h lo w s 
N E W H IG H S - 9 
C o m p o In d 
C o rr B la c k 
G le r D is B 

K y so r m d 
M a y e rO sc 
M obil 
M u rry O h io 
N F n G E 9 8opf 
N or A m Goal 
P a lm B e a c h 
R a y m n d ln t n 
R io G ra n d e 
R 1oG r a n pf 
T ish m P ity 
T o iE d 8 84pf 
U n P a c C p 

R a ls tn P u r 
S k a g g s g e o s 
S un Ch e m n 
S y c o r Inc 

L o g ic o n ln c 
N at S ilv e r 

N E W L O W S - 
C a lc o m p 
F r is c h s R st 
Un A *S 'BC_ 

P n # u S e a '* 
R u d d ic k C p 
‘U S R a d iu m 
W ang L a b B 

U n c o s P in t 
V in ta g e E n t 

43 8o 
4 4 25 b43 95 
44 4o 8 44 67 b44 5o 

Dividends 
SAN ANTONIO EXPRESS— Thursday March 3 1977 

W EDNESDAY D IV ID E N D S DECLARED 
C H IC A G O (A P ) — F u tu re s tra d in g on th e 
C h ic a g o 
M e rc a n tile 
E x c h a n g e 
W e d n e s d a y ; 
Open 
High LowClose 
Pry 
LIV E B E E F CATTLE (4o,ooo lbs) 
A p r 
37 9o 37 97 
37.45 
37.87 37.77 
Ju n 
4o 15 4o 3o 39 75 4o 
3o 4o o5 
A ug 
41 2o 41 25 4o 72 41 
25 41 oo 
O ct 
41 92 42 
OO 41.55 
41 
9o 41.9o 
D ec 
43 1o 43 45 42 85 a 43 2o 42 92 
F e b 
44 2o 44 25 
A p r 
44 5o 44 7o 
S ales 
A p ril 3592, J u n e 2592; A ug 1o85; 
O ct 213; D e c 116, F e b 86, A p ril 7. 
O p e n in te re s t 
A pril 17673, J u n e 134o7; 
A ug 6933. O c t 2161; D e c 1113. F e b 843; 
A pril 5o3 
F E E D E R CATTLE (42,ooo lbs) 
M a r 
38 3o 38 4o 
38 o5 b38 4o 38.o5 
A pr 
39 45 39 6o 
39 o5 
39 52 a 39 22 
M a y 
4o 5o 4o 57 
39 9o 
4o 47 
4o 37 
A uq 
41 5o 41 5o 
4o 9o 
41.25 b41 2o 
Sep 
41 6o 41 TO 
41.15 
41 7o 
41 77 
O ct 
41 8o 41 8o 
41 47 
41 US 
41.75 
NOV 
42 OO 42 OO 
41.85 
42 OO 841.9o 
S ates 
M a rc h 52; A p ril 
132; M ay 168. 
A ug 8o; Sep 4o; O ct 57; NOV 14. 
O p e n in te r e s t 
M a rc h 29o; A p ril 741; 
M ay 13o7, A ug 535. Sap 247, O c t 787; NOV 
153 
L IV E HOGS (3o.ooo lbs) 
A pr 
35 25 35.35 
34 6o 
35 1o 35 12 
Ju n 
36 95 37 oo 
36 25 
36 8o 36.85 
Jul 
38 35 38 4o 
37 85 
38 1o 38 2o 
A ug 
37 35 37 4o 
36 85 a 3 7 .12 37 25 
O ct 
35 45 
35 75 
35.3o a35 .5 o 
35 SO 
D ec 
36 9o 36 9o 
36 4o 
36 7o b36.4o 
F e b 
37 8o 38 2o 
37 5o b 38 2o b38 OO 
A pr 
36 45 36 5o 
36.25 b36.5o b36 5o 
S ales 
A p ril 2275; J u n e 1515; J u ly 46o; 
A ug 2oo. O ct 6o. D ec 43; F e b 13; A p ril 4. 
O p e n in te r e s t; A p ril 6124; J u n e 3796; 
J u ly 3o16; A ug 1228; O c t 7o4; D ec 26o; 
F e b 93, A p ril 9 
POTATOES! russet-burbenks) (8o,ooo lb s) 
M ay 
7 85 
7 94 
7.76 a7 93 
7 87 
NOV 
7 25 
7 37 
7 25 
7 37 
7 18 
Ja n 
----------------- 
------- a7 .7 o n8 o6 
M a r 
---- 
--------- 
------- n 8 56 r>8.56 
A pr 
— 
- 
---------- 
------- a8 6o 
8 57 
S a les: M a y 98; N o v 2. J a n o, M a rc h o; 
A pril o 
O p en in te r e s t: M a y 226. N o v 44; J a n I ; 
M a rc h I, A pril 3 
SHELL EGGS (22,SOO doz) 
M a r 
57 8o 58 o5 
57 2o 
57 25 
58 15 
A pr 
51 25 51.75 
51 15 
51 25 e S l.5 o 
M ay 
48 25 
48 6o 
47 7o 
47 9o b48 2o 
J u n 
49 7o 
49 7o 
49 4o 
49 5o 
49 45 
Ju t 
51 oo 
51 oo 
5o 75 
51.oo 
Sep 
55 4o 
55 4o 55 oo 
55. IO 
55 4o 
S ales 
M a rc h 265; A p ril 123. M a y 74, 
J u n e l l ; A u g 2; Sep 4 
O pen in te r e s t 
M a rc h 624, 
A p ril 616; 
M a y 37o 
J u n e 99, S ep 12. 
PORK B ELLIES (36,ooo lbs) 

STK.of pay record able 
Pe­ riod 
Rate 
IR R E G U LA R 
D re y fu s IB d F d 
o76 
2 28 
3 1 
D re y fu s S p ln F d 
o4 
2 28 
3 2 
R e s e a rc h C a p F d 
o65 
3 1 
3 V 
S ta te St Inv 
25 
3 31 
A-lf 
U n ited C o rp 
IO 
3 14 
3-2f 
STOCK 
C oco C o la Co x x 2 fo r I s p l i t , s u b je c t to a p p ro v a l, r e c o r c 
& p a y a b le d a te u n a n n o u n c e d 
C o rro o n 4 B lk x x 2 fo r I s to c k s p l i t , s u b je c t to a p p ro v a l,r e c o r d a n d p a y a b le d a t e u n a n n o u n c e d 
W u rlitz e r Co x 3 fo r 2 s p lit. 
3 1o 
3 2! 

INCREASE 

S ISO 
52 1o 5o 5o 
51 8o 51.35 
52 4o 
53 2o 51 25 
52 8o 52.5o 
53 35 
53.9o 52 3o 
53 7o 52 25 
52.25 
52 5o 51 35 
52 3o 51.75 
55.7o 
56.2o 
54 8o b$6 2o b55.6o 
------ 
------- b55 35 b54 75 
M a rc h 
11o4, 
M a y 
371o, 
Ju ly 
1o28. Aug 25o; F e b 38; M a rc h o 
O p e n in te r e s t 
M a rc h 1564, M ay 4137; 
J u ly 2265; A ug 1118; F e b 172; M a rc h 91 b 
B id a 
A s k e d ; n — N o m in a l 
IC E D B k l h L E R S (3o,ooo lb s) 

M ar 
M ay 
Jut 
A ug 
F e b 
M a r 
S ales 

M ar 
A pr 
M ay 
J u n 
Jul 
Auq 
S en 

39 4o 
38 5o 
39 25 
4o 4o 
41 25 
4o 95 

39 7o 
38 7o 
39 25 
4o 45 
41 3o 
41 oo 

39 4o 
38 2o 
39.oo 
4o 15 
41 25 
4o 95 

39 5o 
38 2o 
39 25 
4o IS 
41 25 
41 oo 
4o 2o 

38.9o 
38 15 
39.oo 
4o.5o 
41 2o 
4o es 
4o is 

Metals 

C oca C o la Co 
.77 
3 16 
4 1 
D E K A L B A g R s c A B . 
.12 
3 1 1 
3 
24 
F e lm o n t Oil 
2o 
4-4 
5-2 
F s t A m F in e C p 
IO 
3 31 
4-15 
K ro g e r P r o p e r 
IO 
4 1 
4-lf 
M iller W ohl 
15 
3 16 
4 1 
M o n a rc h C a p ita l 
.22 
3 15 
4 1 
P e n n w a lt C o rp 
.45 
4 7 
5 1 
RC A C o rp 
.3o 
3 1 4 
5 2 
T im e s M irro r 
2o 
5-27 
6 It 
T ra n s c o Cos 
25 
5-5 
5-2C 
CORRECTION 
H o u d a llle In d x 
225 
3 15 
4-1 x r e c o r d d a te b e in g re v is e d . 
R io Al p o rn L td x 
1.45 
3 IO 
4 1 x p re v io u s ly a n n o u n c e d d e c la r a tio n is in c o rr e c t d u e to e r r o r by A m e ric a n .S tock 
E x c h a n g e 
E XTR A 
L o e h m a n n s Inc 
o5 
3 15 
3 31 
R ESU M ED 
K o e h le r M fg 
25 
3 l l 
3 25 
O M IT T E D 
F a b ie n C o rp 
Y EA R C N D 
U n ited C o rp 

A m e ra d a H e ss 
A m R e in s u ra n c e 
B a te s M fg 
C h a r te r Co 
Col u rn SiShO E I 
C onsol A c c e sso r 
C o rro o n B B Ik 
C ru sh Intl 
C h a r te r C o 
D e n v e r R IE s t 
D iv e rs e y C o rp 
F ed! In d u s A 
F s t in tl B n c s h r 
F s tN a tl C h a r te r 
F s t U nion R IE s t 
G a b rie l In d u st 
H u b b a rd R IE In v id e a l T oy 
J a m e s F re d 
K e a rn e y N a tl 
K elsy H a y e s C a n 
L a n k m a r k B an k 
L o e h m a n n s Inc 
L o u isv ille G B E 
L O w en stein , M 
M o rg a n J P 
N atl S e rv ic e 
P ro v id e n c e G a s 
R e a le x C o rp 
S a g e A llen 
S c h w a b S a fe 
S k a g g s C os 
S ta r r e tt LS 
Th al h e) m e r B ro s 
T ra n sC a n P ip L n 
W a lla c e B u sF rm 

IO 
3 14 
3 28 
G O L A R 
Q 
.15 
3 15 
3 31 
O 
.15 
3 14 
3 24 
Q 
2o 
3 18 
3 31 
.o2 
3 14 
3 28 
Q 
55 
3 15 
4 ll 
o5 
3 15 
3 31 
O 
.35 
3 18 
4 1 
Q 
o9 
3 31 
4 15 
o2 
3 14 
3 28 
Q 
.15 
3 15 
3 29 
Q 
.14 
3 14 
3 3C 
Q 
IO 
3 11 
4 1 
Q 
.3o 
3 17 
3 31 
O 
.65 
3 15 
4 1 
Q 
25 
4 15 
4 3C 
Q 
.1o 
3 23 
4 13 
Q 
.3o 
3 23 
4 2o 
Q 
.o8 
3 11 
3 18 
Q 
2o 
3 21 
5 ll 
Q 
.12 
3 17 
3 29 
O 
2o 
3 l l 
4 1 
Q 
o9 
3 18 
4 1 
Q 
.2o 
3-15 
3 31 
O 
J8 
3 31 
4 15 
Q 
.15 
3 18 
3 31 
Q 
.5o 
3 15 
4 15 
O 
.2o5 
3 l l 
4 1 
O 
2o 
3 18 
4 1 
Cl 
.IO 
3 31 
4 ll 
Q 
o6 
4 1 
4 15 
Q 
o5 
3 31 
4 IS 
Q 
125 
3 21 
4 13 
Q 
28 
3 15 
3 31 
Q 
.2o 
4 6 
4 2o 
O 
2375 
3 31 
4 29 
Q 
165 
A l 
6 2o 

Death Notices 

■>—— ~ — — 

 l l l - P C T t h s 

ARLITT 
M o * C. A r l itt OI 21o D illw o r th 
A v e n u e , p o i s e d o w o v M o n d a y , 
F e b 
28, 1977. F u n e r a l s e r v i c e s 
T h u r s d a y , 3 :o o p .m . In M is s io n 
P a r k F u n e r a l C h a p e l. I n te r m e n t to follow in M issio n B u ria l P a r k . 
A rr a n g e m e n ts by 

1 1 1 — D e a t h s 

 f t 

M I S S I O N P X K K 
FUNERAL CHAPELS 
17oo S C. Military Dr 

BALDUBINOS 
M r. M a rc e lo B a ld u b in o s . 642 T il­ le r y S t., A u s t in . T e x ., b o r i In 
G o n z a les, T e x ., J a n . 16, 191*. e n ­ te r e d r e s t T u e s d a y , M a rc h I, 1977 a t th e a g e of 62 y e a r s R o s a ry will b e r e c i te d in th e M a x M a rtin e z 
C h a p e l T h u r s d a y , M a r c h 3, a t 
7:oo p .m . R e q u ie m M a s s w ill b e o tte re d F r id a y , M a rc h 4, a t IO:oo a m . f r o m S t. A g n e s C a t h o li c 
C h u rc h , 8o4 R u iz S t., w ith R ev . 
R o b e r t J . E b e r h a r d t , C S S p o f­ fic iatin g . C o n c lu d in g s e rv ic e s will follow in F o r t S a m H o u s to n N a ­ tio n a l C e m e te r y . S u r v iv o r s : S is ­ t e r s , M r s . V i v l a n o C a n a l e s of 
A u s tin , T e x ., M rs . J u a n i t a D e 
L e o n o f N ix o n , T e x . S e r v i c e s u n d e r th e d ire c tio n of 
Max Martinez 
2o15 W Martin 
227-4381 

N O T IC E . G o n z a le s . T e x a s N ew - s o a p e r P le a s e C o p y a n d A u stin , 
T e x a s N e w s p a p e r P le a s e C opy. 

N E W Y O R K (A P ) — P itts b u r g h s c r a p ste e l No 
I h e a v y w a s q u o te d W e d n e s d a y oy Iro n A g e a t $72 oo 73 OO 

N E W Y O R K (A P ) - 
Spot c o m m o d it b p r ic e s (W h o le s a le ) 
P r e v .Y e a 
T o d a y D a y 
A go 
A lu m in u m ,lb ,N. Y . 
48 
48 
41 
A n tim o n y , A m e ric a n 
1.78 
1.78 
1 6o 
C o p p e r, E le c tro ly tic 
68 
6 8 H 
.63** 
G old. tro y oz N Y 145 o5 
141 4o 
132 5o 
S ilv e r, tro y oz 
N Y 
4 8o7 
4 71o 
4 17 
L e a d , lb 
31 
29 
19 
P iq Iro n , t o b . td ry 
B u ffalo , G rs s tn ? 1 o 19 
21o 19 
213 9? 
P l a tin u m ,t r y /N Y 162 oo 
162 oo 
155 oo 
Q u ic k slv rF lS k N Y171 5o 
171 
5o 
125 oo 
Steel s c r a p , g ro s s to n , c 
P h ila 
C hi P i tts 
72 17 
72.17 
79 5o 
Tin lb N Y 
5 2264 
5 22288 3 3992 
Z inc, lb 
.37 
.37 
37 

S IL V E R (5,ooo tro y oz) 
M ar 
478 5o 
482 oo 475 5o 482 OO 477 OO 
A pr 
481 5o 
484 OO 477 5o 484 OO 479 OO 
J u n 
486 2o 
489 OO 482 5o 489 OO 484 4o 
A u g 
491 OO 
494 OO 488 OO 494 OO 488 5o 
O ct 
498 5o 
499 OO 49? 5o 499 OO 494 OO 
D ec 
5o1 5o 
5o4 OO 498 OO 5o4 OC 499 OO 
F e b 
5o7 5o 
5o9 OO 5o3 OO 5o9 OO 5o4 3o 
A p r 
513 oo 
514 5o 5o8 5o 514 5o 5o9 5o 
Ju n 
518 5o 
52o oo 514 oo 52o oo 514 5o 
A u a 
522 3o 525 oo 519.oo 525 oo 519 8o 

N E W 
Y O R K 
(A P ) — S ilv e r f u tu r e s 
W e d n esd a y o n th e N ew Y o rk C o m m o d ity 
E x c h a n g e 
O p e n 
H ig h L ow C lo te 
P re y . 
N Y S IL V E R (5.ooo tro y OZ) 
M ar 479 5o 
481 5o 
477 oo 
48o 8os 475 7o 
M ay 
484 IO 
485 9o 
48o 3o 
484 8 o s 4 8 o OO 
Jut 
49o OO 
49o 8o 
485 OO 
489 8os 485 OO 
Sep 
494 5o 
496 OO 
49o 4o 
494 8os 489 9o 
Dec 
5o3 oo 
5o3 oo 
498 oo 
5o2 2os 497 3o 
Jan 
5 o 5 5 o 
5 1 1 5 o 
5 o 5 .5 o 
5o9 7os 499 8o 
M ar 51o 5o 
511 5o 
5o5 5o 
5o9 7os 5o4 7o 
M ay 
514 5o 
516 oo 
511 9o 
514 7 o s 5 o 9 7o 
Jul 
521 oo 
521 oo 
518 oo 
519 7os 5)4 7o 
S a le s e s ti m a te d 
22,7oo s s e ttlin g 

L O N D O N (A P ) 
C lo sin g m e t a ls in o o u n d s s te r lin g p e r m e tr ic to n 

C opper 
Tin 
L e a d 
Zinc 

S p o t 
B id 
A sk e d 
868 5o 
869 5o 
613o oo 6135 OO 
43* OO 
438 OO 
429 OO 
43o OO 

F u tu re s 
B id 
A sk ed 
899 5o 
9oo OO 
6285 OO 629o OO 
447 5o 
448 OO 
445 5o 
446 oo 

M oney Kales 

N E W Y O R K (A P ) — M o n e y r a t e s to r 
W e d n e s d a y . 
P r im e r a t e 
AVB. 
D isc o u n t r a t e : 5 ’4. 
F e d e ra l fu n d s m a r k e t r a te 
413 16 h ig h , 4 ’/? low , 411 16 c lo s e 
D e a le r 's c o m m e rc ia l p a p e r 
3o 18o d a y s 4** 5 
C o m m e rc ia l p a p e r b y f in a n c e c b m p a n y : 
3o 27o d a y s 4 ’* 5 ’*. 
B a n k e rs a c c e p ta n c e d e a le r in d ic a tio n s 
JO 59 d a y s , 4 7o 4 65 
6o 89 d a y s , 4.8o-4 75 
9o 119 d a y s . 4 9o 4 85 
12o 179 d a y s , 5 OS 5 oo 
18o 27o d a y s . 5 15 5 IO 
C e r tif ic a te s of d e p o s it: 
3o 59 d a y s , 4** 4 '* 
6o 89 d a y s . 4' 2 4*x 
9o 119 d a y s , 4»* 43* 
12o 179 d a y s . 4> . 4** 
18o 36o d a y s . 5 5 'z 
T e le r a te m o n e y m a r k e t in d ex 
4 77, u p OI fro m T u e sd a y 
E u r o d o lla r r a te s 
O v e rn ig h t 4*4 4*» 
I m o n th 4 J-4 4** 
3 m o n th s 5 5 '* 
6 m o n th s 5' 2 59 16 
I y e a r 61 16 6' a___________________________ 

Fi. Worth Livestock 

F O R T 
W O R T H 
(A P ) 
— 
L iv e sto c k p r ic e s W e d n e s d a y 
C a ttle a n d c a lv e s 
15o S la u g h te r co w s fu lly 5o h ig h e r in lim ite d s u p p ly 
F ew s la u g h te r b u lls s te a d y F e e d e r s te e r s a n d s te e r c a lv e s s te a d y b u t p o o rly te s te d 
F e e d e r h e lle rs a n d h e if e rs c a lv e s firm 
D e m a n d m o d e r a n t T ra d in g f a ir ly a c tiv e 
S la u g h te r c o w s 
J j t il i ty 2 3 26 OO 28 SO 
C u tte r 23 OO 27 OO 
S la u g h te r b u lls 
Y ie ld g r a d e I 9oo 12oC lb s 32 OO 33 5o 
F e e d e r s te e r s 
G ood a n d c h o ic e 35o SOC 
38 oo 42 OO 
F e e d e rx h e if e r s : 
C h o ic e 
3oo 475 lb s 
32 oo 35 6o 
H o g s 
15o 
B a rro w s a n d g ilts : s te a d y . 
US I 2 2oo 23o lb s 
37 oo 37 » . US 1 3 2oo 
25o lb s 
36 5o 37 oo. 
US 2 3 2oo 27o lb s 
36 oo 36 5o 
S ow s 
S te a d y U S 1 3 3oo 6oC lb s 
31 oo 32 oo 
B o a rs : 3oo 65o lb s 
21 OO, 
16o 22oLbs 26 99 27 OO 
Over the Counter 

Q u o ta tio n s fro m th e H A S D o r e r e p r e s e n ta f i v e i n te r d e a l e r p r i c e s o s of a p p ro x im a te ly J p m 
In te r d e a le r m a r k e t s c h a n g e th ro u g h o u t th e d o v P r ic e s d o n o t in c lu d e r e ta il m a rk u p . m a r k d o w n o r c o m m iss io n 
M a r. 2, 1977 

S e le c te d w o rld g o ld p r ic e s W e d n e s d a y 
L o n d o n 
/M orning fix in g 
J144 9o, u p 
$2 8o. a fte rn o o n fix in g S145 OS, u p S3 65 
P a r is a fte rn o o n g o ld fix in g $146 9o. u p 
$2 38 
F r a n k f u r t g o ld c lo s e $145 62. u p $3 o6 
Z u ric h 
$144 75 b id up 
52 IS. 
$145 5o isk e d 
H a n d y 8. H a r m a n b a s e p r ic e , N ew Y o rk 
$145 o5 u p V3 65 
E n g e lh a r d se llin g p r ic e s , 
N ew 
Y o rk 
1145 55. u p $3 65 

H e re is th e g o ld f u tu r e s tr a d in g to r 
W e d n e s d a y , M a rc h 2, 1977 
O p en 
H igh L o w C lo se 
P ry 
C h ic a g o M e rc a n tile E x c h a n g e 
IOO T ro y o u n c e c o n tr a c ts 
M ar 
145 IO 
147 OO 144 IO 14* OO 142 5o 
Jun 
148 2o 
149 OO 146 2o 148 8o 145 IO 
S ep 
149 9o 
15 ) 2o 148 5o ISI 2o 147 3o 
D ec 
153 OO 
153 8o ISI OO 153 5o ISO IO 
M a r 
155 7o 
156 IO 153 6o 156 IO 152 6o 
Ju n 
157 5o 
158 7o 15* 4o 158 7o 155 OO 
S a le s 
M a rc h 267. J u n e 3699 ; Sap 1225, 
D ec 525, M a rc h 75. J u n ?4 

N ew Y o rk C o m m o d ity E x c h a n g e 
IOO tro y o u n c e c o n tr a c ts 
Apr 
146 3o 
147 4o 144 6o 
147 4os 143 6o 
Jun 
U7 8o 
149 OO 146 IO 
148 9os 145 OO 
A ug 
148 5o 
15o 3o 14* SO 
ISO 4os 146 5o 
O ct 
ISI IO 
152 OO 149 4o 
151 9os 148 OO 
D ei 
152 5o 153 TO 15o 6o 153.5os 149 5o 
F e b 
154 5o 
154 SO 152 SO 
155 2os 151 IO 
A pr 
156 oo 
157 oo 155 1o 
156 9os 152 7o 
Ju n 
156 OO 
158 TO 156 oo 
158 6os 154 4o 
S a les e s tim a te d 5.897 s s e t ti i n g ______ 

B id 
A s k e d 
A la m o S a v in g s 
16 J 
17 3 
A m o r F d r v 
IS - , 
16*4 
A m m e s t 
? '• 
3’ 4 
A m e r. Sec L it 
I 4 
4 
B e x a r Co B x . 
34 
C a fe te ria * in c . 
IS 4 
19 4 
C o m m P ro c 
4 x 
4 . 
C u lle n 
IS j 
16 .- 
D a to p o m f 
19 i 
2o ; 
D o rc h e s te r G o v 
11 • 
I M i 
E l P a s o F le e l l ) , 
I P , 
F o re s t O il 
2o » 
2o 
F ra n k 
23 » 
23' 4 
F t S a m B k S h a re s 
31 
33 
F ro s t B k 
2o ; 
G o lf E n e rg y 
I M * 
Handy D a n 
11-4 
12 1 x 
H e n r y S M ille r 
8 . 
9 
K e lly F ie ld N il 
2o . 
22 
M e re of Tx C o m m 
2Sj 4 
26 4 
M e re of T X PIO 
63 . 
64 ; 
M e rc h a n ts 
Id 4 
19 

N B C Of Tex 
JA 
38 
O ly m p ia B re w 
SA . 
5* 
P e n in sa lo 
13 . 
14 
P la to 
* QJ 
* o6 
P o g o 
1 3 * 
IJ-,1 
S ho o C o m m 
2 '» 
3 - i 
S ho o P fd 
9 -4 
S ig m o r 
13 • 
13 '» 
S tw a r t A Stvnson 
I ] x 
T e x a s Intl A ir 
4 
4 * 
T ip g e ra rv 
19 
19 . 
T ra n s o o 't L it 
W e a th e rfo rd In tl 
12 
13 

 r r l G u i h r i 
LL-— 

WALLACE 
M R . H U B E R T E . 
W A L L A C E , J R . Of 
S an A n to n io , T e x a s , b o r n in D el V a lle , 
T r a v i s 
C o u n t y , 
T e x a s 
4 th 
D e c e m b e r 1911, e n te r e d r e s t 2nd 
M a rc h 1977 a t th e a g e of 65 y e a rs . 
S E R V IC E S 
F R ID A Y — IO OO A M . 
A L A M O C H A P E L S w ith R e v . K e n n e th B ro w n a n d 
R e v . F o r r e s t S m ith o f fic ia tin g , a n d i n te r m e n t to fo llo w In D el 
V alle (H a g n ie C h a p e l C e m e te ry , 
A u s tin , T e x a s ) w ith g r a v e s i d e s e rv ic e s a t 2 :3 o p .m . S u r v iv o r s : 
W ife, M rs. K a tie M. W a lla c e ; so n . 
J a m e s E . W a lla c e , b o th of th is c ity , s is te rs , M rs . C. B. (M in n ie 
M a r ie ) S p e c k , L o c k h a r t . T e x ., 
M rs. E B ( E th e l) T o lle y . A u stin , 
T e x ., M rs 
J . R 
( E s t e l le ) B e d ­ f o r d , 
S a n 
A n t o n i o , 
T e x a s ; g r a n d s o n s . J a m a s M a r s h a l l , 
D o u g la s E . D a v id W m . W a lla c e a n d g r a n d d a u g h te r-in -la w . M rs. 
J. M. (M a ry S u e ) W a lla c e , a il of 
S an A n to n io , T e x a s . M r. W a lla c e w a s a m e m b e r of K irb y B a p tis t 
C h u rc h a n d h a s b e e n a r e s id e n t of th is c ity th e p a s t 3o y e a r s . S e r ­ v ic e s u n d e r t h e d i r e c t i o n of a m e m b e r of 
T h e 
L elo n 
C u d e 
F a m ily . 

BOLNER 
M rs. E m m a M. B o in e r, 4o7 H o th ­ a w a y D r . W e st, d i e d T u e s d a y , 
M a rc h I, 1977. S h e w a s a m e m b e r of St. P e te r P r in c e of th e A p o s tle s 
C a t h o l i c 
C h u r c h , 
C a t h o l i c 
D a u g h te rs of A m e ric a C o u rt of St. 
A n th o n y N o. 214. S u rv iv o rs : H u s ­ b a n d , M r . F r a n k J . B o i n e r ; d a u g h te r s . M rs. J o e B. O b rio ttl. 
M rs . L e o n a r d W e s tb r o o k , M rs . 
J a m e s V. C ro s s , M rs . H a r r y H. 
B o g g e s s , s e v e n g r a n d c h i l d r e n , o n e g r e a t g r a n d c h i l d . R o s a r y 
T h u rs d a y a t ST P E T E R S C A T H ­ 
O L IC 
C H U R C H 
7 :3 o p . m . 
R e q u ie m M a ss F r id a y a t St. P e te r 
P r in c e of th e A p o s tle s C h u r c h 
1o :o o a .m . P a l l b e a r e r s : J a m e s 
R a y C r o s s , F r a n k C r o s s , A lla n 
C ro ss, H e d g e W e stb ro o k , J o s e p h 
B. P iz z in l, J r . , E r n e s t B r o g g i. 
E n t o m b m e n t a t H o ly 
C r o s s 
C e m e te ry . A r r a n g e m e n ts b v : 
T H E A N G E L U S F U N E R A L 
H O M E 
H e n ry G u e r r a 
227-14*1 

Brooklyn 

BRIGGS 
M r. W. C. (BHI) B rig g s J r . , SS, of 
1221 J u n c ti o n H w y ., K e r r v il le , 
T e x a s, d ie d M o n d a y in Sid P e t e r ­ so n M e m o ria l H o sp ita l. B o rn F e b . 
2, 1922 in D a lla s, T e x a s . Bill w a s a f o r m e r r e s id e n t of S a n A n to n io . 
G e n e r a l M a n a g e r o f K e r r v i l l e 
F u n e r a l H om e, P r e s id e n t of S o u th 
C e n t r a l F u n e r a l D i r e c t o r s A s ­ s o c i a t i o n a n d E m b a l m e r s A s ­ s o c ia tio n . H e w a s a v e t e r a n of 
WW ll, m e m b e r of T rin ity B a p tis t 
C h u r c h of K e r r v i l l e , K e r r v i l le 
M a so n ic L o d g e N o. *97 a f & a m , 
P a s t M a s t e r a n d P a s t D i s tr i c t 
D e p u ty G r a n d M a s te r, K e r r v ille 
C h a p te r N o. 3oS r a m , K e rrv ille 
C ouncil N o 24o R .& S .M ., S a n A n­ to n io S c o ttish B o d ie s, 32nd d e g r e e 
K .C .C .H ., A l z a f a r S h r in e , P r e ­ s id e n t o f H ill C o u n t r y S c o ttis h 
R ite B o d ie s a n d V .F .W P o s t N o. 
148o. S u rv iv o rs : W ife, M rs. K a th ­ ry n M . B rig g s , K e r r v ille , T e x .; s o n s , J e r r y B r i g g s , K e r r v i l l e , 
T e x ., J o h n R. B r ig g s , M c Q u e e n ­ e y , T e x .; d a u g h t e r . M rs . J u d y 
V an O s tra n d , O d e s s a , T e x .; (Iv e g r a n d c h i l d r e n ; m o t h e r , M r s . 
E v e ly n B rig g s. S a n A n to n io ; s is ­ te r, M rs B etty J a n e P a r e n t , S an 
A n to n io . 
S e r v i c e s 
IO a . m . 
T h u r s d a y , M a r c h 3, K e r r v i l l e 
F u n e r a l H o m e, D r. L e o n P a t te r s o n a n d R e v . E r n e s t W e lls of flo a tin g . G r a v e s id e s e r v ic e s a n d i n t e r m e n t 3 p .m . T h u r s d a y a t 
S u n se t M e m o ria l P a r k u n d e r th e a u s p ic e s of K e r r v ille L o d g e N o. 
*97 A F A A M . A r r a n g e m e n ts by 
K E R R V IL L E F U N E R A L H O M E 

GARZA 
J e s u s A. G a r z a , a g e 59, of 1323 
H illc re st, d ie d T u e s d a y , M a rc h I, 
1977. H e w a s a m e m b e r of H oly 
R o s a ry C a th o lic C h u r c h ; W o o d ­ m e n o f T h e w o r l d ; A m e r i c a n 
L eg io n P o s t 485 a n d a v e te r a n of 
W W l l . S u r v i v o r s : W ife , M r s . 
J o v it a G a r z a ; d a u g h t e r s , M is s 
R e b e c c a G a r z a , M r s . R a q u e l 
C o n tre ra s , M iss G r a c ie la G a r z a , so n s , M a rio G a r z a , H e c to r G a r ­ za , m o th e r, M rs A lex G a r z a . S r., g r a n d c h i l d r e n ; s i s t e r s , M rs . 
M o ry S a n d o v a l, M rs . M a r g a r e t 
A c o sta, M rs. C o n n ie A d a m s , M rs. 
D o r a P a c h e c o ; M r s . B e r t h a 
S c la n d r a . M rs . J u a n i t a R iv ia s ; b r o t h e r s . T e d G a r z a . A g u s tin e 
G a rz a . A rth u r G a r z a , A lex G a r z a , 
S a m G a r z a . M a s s T h u r s d a y a f ­ te r n o o n a t 1 :3 o a t H o ly R o s a r y 
C a th o lic C h u rc h . In te r m e n t in F t. 
S a m H o u sto n N o tio n al C e m e te ry . 
A rr a n g e m e n ts w ith 

B a r t e r L o r i n g 

1 1 o 1 M c C u l l o u g h 2 2 7 * 2 2 1 

G U Y E R 
M rs . G r a c e F . G a y e r 79 of 449 
P e n n y s to n e , d ie d M a r c h 2. R e ­ s id e n t of S a n A n to n io 27 y e a r s , m e m b e r o f t h e P r e s b y t e r i a n 
C h u rc h . M rs . G u y e r Is s u rv iv e d b v M rs . B J . R e m y a n d m a n y o th e r frie n d s. G r a v e s id e s e rv ic e s a n d i n te r m e n t I p .m . T h u r s d a y 
M a rc h 3, S an J o s e 
B u ria l P a r k . 
E a s t L a n s in g M ic h ig a n P a p e r s 
P le a s e C opy 

515 No. Main 
226-72o) 

County supports an aquifer laws study 

A resolution asking for a legislative study of possible new Kdwards aquifer safeguard laws drew support from 
Commissioners Court Wednesday. 
Court support cam e following a plea from Mrs. Rowena Rogers, spokesman for the League of Women Voters. 
As Mrs. Rogers outlined the propo­ sal, State Rep. Run Bird intends to submit a resolution asking the legisla­ ture for creation of a special interim com m ittee in study the need lur few 

Civilian is needed for this position 

WARMINGTON St Ak SliV lC t 
WASHINGTON - Defense Depart­ ment manpower officials are consi­ dering hiring civilians for a job Ute armed forces seem unable to handle: 
Giving servicem en and women an adequate picture of what their salaries and benefits are worth. 
Gen. George S. Brown, chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, has told 
Congress it should wait a year while the services promote program s to eliminate some members perception of erosion of benefits. 
A recent Defense Department survey of all services showed that more than half of the service members polled felt they could make more money in civi­ lian life. 
M ilitary o ffic ia ls b elie v e that outsiders could prepare a much better public relations package than someone involved directly in the service. 

 legislation to protect the purity and adequacy of the water in Kdwards aquifer studies. 
That committee also will study find­ ings from several on-going aquifer studies. 
H ater source 

The aquifer, running north and west through seven counties, currently is the sole source of water for San An­ tonio. 

The court agreed to forward a sup­ porting letter to Bird fur submission with his re so lu tio n . The proposed c o m m itte e would be a joint 
House/Senate agency. 
Loiter, the court postponed adion on contract renewal for the biod conces­ sion stand now serving hot meals on the first floor of the Bexar County 
Courthouse. 
Judge iiluir Reeves expressed d is­ taste at recurrent food odors that waft into upper-floor courtrooms and offices from the food arca. 
Com. Tom Stolhandske suggested barring the cooking of food iii the area. thus lim itin g se rv ic e to cold sa n d ­ w ic h e s or related snuck bar items 
F ailing to win any co n se n su s for renewal cr change, Reeves postponed action, The contract, now held by Vel­ ma Awalt, expires this month 
Al the req u est of, C om . 
J eff 
Wentworth, action approving the out­ lay of $22,oo(1 for the jail’s literary was delayed so he can rev iew som e of the costs and spending involved. 

MAXWELL CLELAND 
. . . VA administrator 

Judge mum on busing 

WASHINGTON (A P ) 
— A black federal a p ­ peals court judge picked by President Carter to be 
U.S. solicitor general ran 
-into a barrage of q u es­ tions on the busing is»uc 
Wednesday from Senate 
Ju d iciary 
C o m m ittee members. 
But J u d g e Wade ll. 
McCree Jr. ca refu lly avoided co m m ittin g himself to either a pro or antibusing stance, 
McCree said busin g had proven c o u n te r­ productive in manv cases 

Oswald letter probed by FBI 

DALLAS (AP) - The 
FBI is in v estig a tin g a letter reportedly written by Lee Harvey Oswald to the late Dallas billionaire 
LLL. Hunt asking about 
.Oswald’s “ position'' on 
Nov. 8, 1982, two weeks before President John F. 
Kennedy was assassinat­ ed. 
A spokesm an for the 
FBI in Dallas said the letter was in their hands and was under investiga­ tion. 
“ T h a t’s all we can say,’’ he stated. 
Asked when the letter reached the FBI office here, he replied. “To my knowledge, a few weeks ago.’’ 
According to the New 
York D aily N ew s, the letter said: 
“ Dear Mr. Hunt; 
"I would like informa­ tion concerning my posi­ tion. I am asking only for information. I am su g ­ gesting that we discuss the matter, fully before any steps are taken by me or anyone else. Thank you.” 

Comparison 

A com p arison of the handw ritten note with sa m p les of O sw a ld ’s handwriting has led in­ vestigators to conclude that it was w ritten by 
Oswald or someone who could imitate his hand­ writing 
E arlier this month there were reports that a copy of the letter had been sent to a retired 
Texas editor. Pent Jones, at Midlothian. Tex., by an unidentified source in 
Mexico City. Jones said the source had sent an accompanying letter say­ ing he had given a copy of the letter to FBI director 
Clarence Kelley in 1974, but had received no re­ sponse. 
Jones said he answered the letter, but never heard from his source again, 

COLLINS 
M rs. G la d y s N (W a lla c e ) C o llin s, 
1o7 N. M c A skill St , p a s s e d a w a y in a lo cal h o sp ita l M o n d a y , F o b 
28, 1977 a t th e a g e of 47 y e a r s 
S u r v i v o r s : 
D a u g h t e r s , M r s 
J o h n n y D. “ G w e n ’' C a s o n , C ity 
M rs. R o b e rt " S h e ila " H o lle n b e a k 
D e v in e ; so n , W a lla c e C o llin s. Ct tv ; m o th e r , M rs . V in a W a lla c e 
C ity ; s is te rs , M rs. J im m ie " O m a 
B " T u ttle , D e v in e , M rs. N o m a L e e 
S lo a n , S a b in a l, M rs . J a m e s D 
• • L a v o n i a '' M c C r a y , D e v i n e b r o th e r s , O liv er, B e n n ie a n d C u r tis W a lla c e . C ity ; t h r e e g r a n d c h ild re n ; 19 n ie c e s a n d n e p h e w s 
IO g r e a t n i e c e s a n d n e p h e w s . 
S e r v ic e s w ill b e h e ld f r o m th e 
D e llc re st C h a p e l F r id a y , M a rc h 4 a t 11:oo a rn. w ith R e v B o b b y D 
C lontz o ffic ia tin g 
T h e in te r m e n t w ill fo llo w in S a n J o s e B u r i a l 
P o rk . A r r a n g e m e n ts w ith 

Drllrrr*! 
2ooo S>.W,W, White »d 
337-4o82 

1 1 1 — D e a t h s 
H 

7-F 

OBETS 
M r. E r n e s t E d w a r d O b e ts , 74, of 
417 C a m d e n S t., d ie d M a r c h I. 
R e s id e n t of S on A n to n io 2o y e a r s , m e m b e r of th e C a th o lic C h u r c h . 
M r. O b e ts is s u rv iv e d b y a s is te r , 
M rs. F lo re n c e F r a n c e s B e n d e le o f S a n A n to n io . G r a v e s i d e s e r ­ v i c e s a n d i n t e r m e n t 3 p . m . 
T h u rs d a y . M a rc h 3, O u r L a d y of 
G ro c e C e m e te ry , L a C o ste , T e x . 

515 No. Main 
226 72o1 

HARLOS 
M rs. T illie W. H o rlo s, a g e 81, r e ­ s id e n t of H ills id e M a n o r, d ie d 
M a rc h t, 1977 in a lo ca l h o s p i­ tal. S h e w a s a c h a r te r m e m b e r of 
A ld e r s g a f e M e th o d is t C h u r c h . 
V tn e ta L o d g e No. IS, O. D H. S. a n d W .S.C .S 
S u r v iv o r s : S o n , R. 
L. 
H a rlo s, 
N ew 
B r a u n fe ls ; 
2 g r a n d c h ild r e n ; s is te r, M rs , R . S. 
O b a r, H o u sto n b r o th e r s , G u s a n d 
L ee W etz, b o th of K e rrv ille , J o h n 
W e tz o f C a l i f o r n i a , S e r v i c e s 
F r i d a y 
2 :o o p . m . a t R i e b e - 
S a u n d e rs C h a p e ls w ith th e R e v . 
H a ro ld H. Z lrk e l o f fic ia tin g . In ­ te r m e n t in M issio n B u ria l P a r k . 
A r r a n g e m e n ts w ith 

K ie b i 

S A N D O S 

11 IVN St M o ry v St of B ro o k ly n 

H IL BU RN 
R o b e rt G. H ilb u rn of 113o W H ut c h in s , p a s s e d a w a y W e d n e s d a y , 
M a rc h 2. F u n e r a l s e rv ic e s w ill b e c o n d u c te d in M issio n P a r k F u n ­ e ra l C h a p e l a t 3 :o o p .m . F r id a y 
M a rc h 4 w ith in te r m e n t to follow in M is s io n B u r i a l P a r k . A r r a n g e m e n ts bv 

 f t 

MISSION P SKK 
FUNERAL CHAPELS 
17oo S E Military Dr 

O’B R IE N j a c k O B r i a n , a g e 53, p a s s e d a w a y T u e s d a y . M a r c h I, 1 977. 
S u r v iv o r s : M o th e r, M rs . J e s s i e 
K e n i m e r o f 
S a n 
A n t o n i o ; d a u g h te r , M rs P a tr i c ia G a th rig h t of S a n A n to n io ; so n , M ic h a e l J a c k 
O 'B rie n of S a n A n to n io , s i s t e r , 
M rs. J o y S a tc h e r of S on A n to n io . 
F u n e r a l s e r v i c e s F r i d a y , 9 :3 o i. in M is s io n P a r k F u n e r a l 
C h o p e l w ith R e v . P a u l P e r r y of­ fic ia tin g I n te r m e n t to fo llo w in F t. 
S a m H o u s to n N a t ’l. C e m e te r y . 
F a m i l y r e q u e s t s , in l ie u o f flo w e rs, c o n trib u tio n m a y b e s e n t to A m e ric a n H e o rt A ssn . a n d /o r 
B u ild in g F u n d fo r T rin ity U n ite d 
M e th o d ist C h u rc h . A r r a n g e m e n ts bv 

 f t 

MISSION P XKK 
FUNERAL CH A PRLS 
I 7 o o S E M ilita ry Dr 

POPE 
T ra v is P o p e , a g e 2, p a s s e d a w o v 
T u e s d a y , 
M a r c h 
I . 
1 9 7 7 in 
C o n n e c tic u t. A r r a n g e m e n t s o r e p e n d in g w ith 

MISSION PXKK 
FUNERAL CH APELS 
1 7 o o S £ M ilita ry Or 

R IC HT E R 
C a t h e r i n e A 
R i c h te r d i e d in a lo ca l h o s p ita l T u e s d a y , M a rc h I, 
1977, r e s id e n t of S a n A n to n io a n d m e m b e r of T r in ity E p is c o p a l 
C h u r c h . 
S u r v i v e d b v h e r d a u g h t e r s , S h a r o n a n d C a r o l 
R ic h te r, b o th of S o n A n to n io ; h e r s i s t e r , F l o r e n c e S o h n ; t h r e e b r o th e r s , H e r b e r t S a u t e r , L e o n ­ a r d S a u te r a n d R a y m o n d S o u te r. 
A M e m o ria l E u c h a r is t w ill b e h e ld 
F r l d o y , M a r c h 4 a t T r i n i t y 
E p is c o p a l C h u r c h a t 2 oo p rn . 
M e m o r ia l s m a y b e s e n t to t h e 
A m e ric a n C a n c e r S o c ie ty . 

SAUCEDA 
J u a n D. S a u c e d a J r . of B o x 62, 
E l m e n d o r f , p a s s e d a w a y W e d ­ n e s d a y , M a rc h 2, 1977. G r a v e s id e s e r v i c e s F r i d o y in S a u c e d a 
C e m e t e r y a t 2 oo p .m . A r r a n ­ g e m e n ts bv& 

MISSION PXKK 
FUNERAL CHAPELS 
17oo S E Military Dr 

CRO WELL 
M r. M e lv in H. C ro w e ll, 76, 66o1 
L a g u n a R d ., d ie d M a r c h I 
R e ­ s id e n t S an A n to n io 47 y e a rs . S u r ­ v iv o rs . S iste r, M rs. S y lv ia A u td s, 
W est M o n ro e, L a ., s e v e r a l n ie c e s a n d n e p h e w s a n d a h o s t ot frie n d s G r a v e s id e s e rv ic e s 2 p m 
T h u rs d a y . M a rc h 3, S a n J o s e Bu ria l P a rk w ith R ev . J o h n B illin g s o ffic ia tin g . 
/ 

515 No. Main 
226 72o1 

W ant Ads 

2 2 5 - 1 6 6 6 

IM—Faaeral Directors 

 parsons! 

 ro R g g its . 

Abut 
Harttnzz 

•H o i mg ll 
C a i tr w H fw noeal In sot a n t e 
P a ik ta s 

2 2 7 -6 2 8 1 

Mer* Feik Merteery 
734 -5 1 1 J 

Mi Wrwenel G«4*»i 
6 5 5 o 4 1 1 

K LE IN 
Mrs. Elsie Edna Klein, 73, of 419 
Pilgrim Dr., died March 2nd. Re stdent of San Antonio 41 years member of Colonial Hills United 
Methodist Church, Shearer Hills 
Garden Club and a Honorary Lite member of the San Antonio Gar den Club. Survivors: Husband 
Sidney Klein, San Antonio Sister 
Mrs. Tom (E thel) Stewart, Cor pus Christi, Tex. brothers. A. S 
W h itle y , C e n ia ie s , T e x ., B ill 
W hitley, L afayette, Lo. grand d a u g h te r. M rs 
M o ry E la in e 
Black. San Antonio. Grandson, E 
J. Livingston Jr., San Antonio 
Several nieces and nephews. Ser vices 11:3o a rn. Friday M arch 
4th . Roy Akers Funeral Chapels, 
Rev. Billy Tiggs officiating. Inter­ m ent Sunset M e m o ria l P a rk . 
Pallbearers, Tom E. Stewart E J. 
Livingston Jr., E. Ray Living­ ston, Jim Harvey. Otto Neitzke, 
Gene Neitzke. 

HEJqflktAA 
515 No. Main 
226-72o1 

MO LINA 
Juan A. M olino of 32) E ssex, passed away Wednesday. March 
2. Funeral services are pending with 

MISSION PXKK 
FUNERAL CHAPELS 
17oo S E Military Dr 

MO RE N O 
C arlos M oreno of 
414 Adoes 
Avenue possed away Tuesday. 
M arch I. 1977 
Rosary w ill be recited Thursday. /.OO P M . in 
Mission 
Park 
Funeral 
Chapel. 
Funeral services F rid a y , 9:oo a m. at L ittle Flow er Catholic 
Church In term en t lo follow in 
M ission B u ria l P a rk 
A r r a n ­ gements bv 

A 
MISSION PXKK 
FUNERAL CHAPELS 
I 7oo S E Military Dr 

VAN W AGONER 
Col. F ra n k H . V an W a g o n e r, 
M D., USA (R et ), oge *9, died 
T u esd ay, M a r ch I, 1977. S u r­ vivors: Wife, Mrs. Evelvn V. Von 
Wagoner; son, Moi. Frank A. Van 
Wagoner; daughter, M rs. Drew 
C authorn, a ll of San A ntonio; brother, M urray Von Wagoner, 
Salt Lake City, Utah; tour grond c h ild re n 
M e m o ria l s e rv ic e 
Friday at 2: IS at Christ Episcopal 
C h u rch , the 
R ev. 
John 
H. 
McNouqhton and the Rev. Samuel 
R. Todd officiating. Those who desire, may send memorial gifts lo the charity ot their choice. Ar­ rangements with ftwter Loring 
I i o i M c C u l l o u g h 2 2 7 * 2 2 1 

VASQUEZ 
Adrean Vasquez, ot 717 E. Theo 
Ave., passed away Feb. 28, 1977 at the age of 66 years Survived bv wife. M rs. E u fra s ia V asquez; sons, Nick. Rosendo and Adrean 
Vasquez, J r.; daughters. Janie 
Trevino, Lucy Cobos, Rosa San­ chez. Josie Argueilo; brother, C. 
D Vasquez; sisters. M aclo via 
Guzman and Juanita Florez, also 
15 grandchildren. M r. Vosauez was a m em ber ot Holy N am e 
Society of St C ecilia's church. 
Rosary will be recited 7:3o p.rn 
Thursday at Brookehill Funeral 
Home chapel. Funeral services will depart Brookehill Chapel at 
9:3o a m. Frid ay, followed with 
Mass ottered at 1o:oo a m. at St. 
Cecelia's Catholic Church. In ter­ ment will follow in St. Joseph’s 
Cemetery in Leming. Texas. A r­ rangements with 
Mr link chill 
*11 S. fc M ilitary Dr. 
923-7523 

IU 

IM — Faaeral Directors 

I IraukihiU 
7,1 SE M ilitary 
923-7523 
(Oak fills 
8o56 Fredericksburg *96-71 it 

B rllrrrat 
2ooo S W W White 
337 4oo2 
9alm arista 

Zor{amora 924 45*8 

WALLACE 
Aaron N Wallace. 631 W Mitchell 
St . passed away in a loco! hospi tai Tuesday, March I. 1977 at the age of SI years Survivors: Wife. 
M rs Vina W allace; daughters, 
M rs Jim m ie ' Omo B " T u ttle. 
Devine. Mrs. Noma Le* Sloan, 
Sabinal, Mrs James D "Lavon­ ia McCary. Devine; sons, Oliver, 
Bennie and Curtis Wallace. City; sister, Mrs. Ruth Willis, Salado, brothers, John W allace. Salado, w alter W allace. City. Sam W al­ lace, Odessa. 22 grandchildren, 
IO great grandchildren, num er­ ous nieces and nephews Services will be held from the D ellcrest 
Chapel Friday, Morch 4 at 11:oo a rn with Rev Bobby O Clontz officiating. Th* interment will tal­ low in San Jose Burial Park. A r­ rangements with 
Brllrrrat 
2ooo Se W W Whit* Id 
>37-4o87 

MOOT I ACY lNC3l» r 

A t £ . H O O M G U fZ 
F U N C K A i 
H O M B 

Pre-Mood Arrangements 

) 1 1 Guadalupe St. 
226-6111 

&outttfibr 
FUNERAL HOME 

63o1 S. FLORIS 
9 2 2 -6 3 3 9 
John M Grimes, Directer 

A VIRK SPEC IAl 
W A R M IH 

Po r t e r Lo r in g 
MO*TUAPY 

,h ill 8 2 2 ' 

IDS—Cemeleries- 
B arlal Leto 

TWO lets. Mission P ark, South. 
Will show Call 924-SO//. 

THREE Lots. Roselawn Cemetery., 
____________ 732 /89$_____________ 

3 PLOTS. Mission Burial P ark, 
South, C ito le* section, n e a r chapel $$oo each 82* 44o6. 

IM —Funeral Directors 

ANGELUS FUNERAL HOME 
H EN R Y GUERRA 
4o2 W Houston 
227 14o1 

Dedicated 
Service 
Since 1896 

227 3136 
Riebe Saunders 
Chapels 

 i 119 N. St M ary's 

War vet, antiwar activist to head federal agencies 

WASHINGTON (A P) - President t arler paid tribute W ednesday to a triple-am putee hero of the Vietnam 
War and to one of the leading antiwar 
Betis toto when both men were sworn in to head federal agencies 

"I dun I think we could have two more startling contrasts among young m en ,” Carter said as the am putee, 
.Maxwell Cli land, was installed as head of the Veterans* Administration, and 
Sam Brown, leader of at a n tiw a r march un Washington, became tty rec- 
Un of ACTION. 

At an Oval Office ceremony, t arter said American Involvement in V iet­ nam and Cambodia had “ torn apart” 

 the nation and that men like Brown and Cleland look different paths to dem onstrate “ their d isp lea su re or their commitment ” lie said Brow ii, 33-year old former treasurer of Colorado, “ engaged in a form of civil combat*’ as leader of an­ tiwar demonstrators who “ showed a gri’at deal of courage ” 
As for the 34-year-old C leland, a former member of the Georgia Senate. 
Carter said the Vietnam veteran had volunteered for service there although he had already earned a masters de­ gree in college and did not have to go. 
He said Cleland was gravely wounded when lie threw hmisell un a live gren­ ade. 

A n sw erin g 

 any call, 

 any time, 

 ii it h 

 u n d e r s ta n d in g 

SUNSET 

Memorial Park 
Funeral Home 

I TO I A u U in H w y NZH ZHI I 

AMERICA S FINEST FUNERAL FACILITIES 

Vamo 

FUNERAL HOME 

211 Brooklyn at N. Alamo J 

2 
2 
5 
- 5 
7 
3 
1 

J T / t a 
I z L 'ti C l u b \J k itn ilif 

THURS. >FRI. 1o-8 
; 
' * . - : 
- 
X Y I” ' ' 
• 
/ 
? I? • M ':■ : 
^ M V 
N M IM - Cv5 P S O M E E R - - BK- DUAI--WSSSS—-K 
WE HAVE THE BEST PRICES IN SOU 

STEREO SYSTEM 

^ 
B.I.C. 
^ 
STEREO TURNTABLE 
MODEL 92o 

^PIONEER' 
KP 8oo5 
SUPERTUNER CASSETTE r AM/EM 
IN DASH 
SUPERTUNER 
LOCKING 
E.F./REWIND 
. AUTO 
L REPLAY 

BELT DRIVEN 
FULLY AUTOMATIC 
PROGRAMMABLE 
TURNTABLE 

O N LY 

JBX SPEAKER 
ERC RECEIVER 
TURNTABLE 
MODEL 226oBX 
• AUTOMATIC 
• CHANGER 
• COMPLETE 

MODEL 1o25 

2 W A Y SPEAKER 

IO*’ W OOFER 
2” TWEETER 
GREAT SOUND 

MODEL 14o5 
• AM-FM STEREO 
RECEIVER 
• MATRIX 
SWITCH 
NOW 
IN 
STOCK 
ELIMINATION 
PRICED 

ELIMINATION PRICED 

STEREO SYSTEM 
D O L B Y ( 

MODEL 
SC2oooW 
SPEAKER SYSTEM 

MODEL 
| 

1556W 

• 15” WOOFER 

• TWO MIDRANGE 

• TRIPLE TWEETER ARRAY 

ECL 1 2 7 5 
SANSUI RECEIVER 

THREE W A Y 
M O D C L 551 
THREE W A Y 
# a M-FM STEREO 
SYSTEM 
• HI FILTER 
I 2 ” W OOFER • FM MUTING 

4 ’ MIDRANGE 
3 ” TWEETER 
ELIMINATION 

PRICED 
W 

STEREO CASSETTE DECK 

OUTSTANDING RESPONSE 
FRONT LOADING 
INCLUDES WOOD CABINET 

MODEL 92o 
• BELT DRIVE 
• CHANGER 
• WOOD BASE 
• COMPLETE 

A R R 

[CERWIN-VE6A 
B l SPEAKER 

NEW 
MODEL 
T X 8 5 o o ll 

• AM-FM STEREO 
TUNER 
• JUST 
ARRIVED 

MODEL IST 
• 4 way 
• 15" woofer 
• midrange horn 

WAREHOUSE w PRICE 
^ 

TUR^ 
MODEL 
P L 117D 

STEREO 
TURNTABLE 
BELT DRIVEN 
FULLY 
AUTOMATIC 
CART. EXTRA 

H 
SAN ANTONIO EXPRESS 
Thursday March 3 1977 

T ip h a v e y o u r p r o b le m s a l vet! a r a ip ie s - 

 lio n a n s w e r e d , w rite A c tio n - E x p r e s s * V A I . 

H o t 2 1 7 l n S tin A n t o n io * TA 7/T2U7. 

B ra n d in g iro n s 

Is there any book or other publication that has a list of branding irons? I would also be interested in finding a list of the owners of those branding irons. 
Mrs. D. L. S. 

U BRAMoIM6 
I PONS? y e s 'm - r ig h t 

The Vital Statistics 
Section of the County 
Clerk’s office keeps an index of brands in Bexar 
County dating back to the 
ISOOs. 
A spokesman from the section said all county clerk offices were 

 required register. to keep such 

The County Clerk’s of­ fice is on the first floor of the 
Bexar 
County 
Courthouse, Main Plaza. 
The phone number is 
22o-2585. 
L o o s e d o g s 

Help' Could you please advise me on what can hi* done about this family iii our neighborhood who own two dogs. 
Every day these dogs are let out of their fenced yard so they can deposit their mess on our yards across tin* st md. 
We don’t want to clean up after their dogs anymore. These dogs don’t even have their shots. 
Thank von for any help. 
CONCERNED FAM ILIES AC ROSS THE STREET 
A spokesman from the city dog pound said they cruise areas and pick up loose dogs that are on ci­ ty property. 
There is a city ordin­ ance requiring dogs to be kept in fenced yards or tied up in a place that is not city property. 
If they are not in a fenced yard or tied up. the> must be on a leash. 
The city dog pound will pick up a loose dog on your property if you file a 

 complaint at Municipal 
Court and the judge decides the dog must be picked up. 

In most cases, though, the judge will ask the owner to either tie up the dog or turn it over to someone who can care for it properly if it is the first complaint. 

To file a complaint, contact the city prosecutor at Municipal 
Court. 

D ead b attery 

In August, 197K. my son bought a battery for his 
1974 ear. Now the battery is completely clead and will not take a charge. 
He has hist the receipt and when I took it back to the dealership where the battery was purchased, they told me they would not replace it even though it has the purchase date stamped on the battery. 
Their reason is that he has to have the receipt to get the faulty battery made* good. This is a company product. 
After being shuffled between parts and service departments, they finally said, “ No receipt, no exchange.’’ 
I would like the address of the office in charge of importing these cars and their parts. I carried the battery into the dealership this month, so the battery is still under warranty. c. o. w. battery, two years, is on­ ly good if you have the date stamp and the receipt number. You cannot cash in on the warranty without either one. 

WE DISCOUNT 
PRICE 
NOT QUALITY 

ALL STORES 
OPEN TO SERVE YOU 
THURSDAY 

1 o - 8 
FRIDAY 
1o-8 

SAVI ON 

The company policy of no receipt, no exchange is printed at the top of the receipt. It says. “ All claims and returned goods must he accom­ panied by this hill. No refunds after IO days." 
A spokesman said if vou would hate brought the battery in within IO days without a receipt, he probably could have ex­ changed it because he would hate had his copy oi the receipt then. 
The warranty on the 

AV 
Thank you for lh** information on our program, 
“ New Horizons for Women." which you published in tour column last week 
We have received many calls as a result of the item and I know many fieople were informed 
M VHI A TORRES KNOX. DIRECTOR 
Vctton E x p r e s s was taming financial aid. 

Even if you had never used the battery, the dealership could not refund tour money with­ out the receipt. 

The nearest importing headquarters is at 39oo 
W. lith St.. Industrial 
Parkway, Houston. 77o97. h o riz o n s 

. 

 glad to pass out informa­ tion on this service. 
New Horizons is an on going program that helps women begin or return lo college It also assists women in college who wish lo obtain an­ other degree. 
I he program protides personalized assistance 

 iii adm issions procedures in group and in d itid u a i c o u n s e lin g , and in oh* 

St. M art’s I nitersitt sponsors the program. 
For more information, call 1JI-32H. Sertices are atailable at ( haminade 
Hall. Room 339, from a.in. lo 7 p.m. Mondat through Thursday and 
(rom K a.i i i . to 3 pm . 
Fridat. 
“ Me would he glad lo help at other times bt appointment.” 
Hr' 
Knox said. 

MroONeen STEREO SYSTEM 

[HE^TTI 

 r i X c r p i s t * c l a s s e s 

I ain interested in joining an exercise class and hate Im*cu unable to find one listed in the telephone direct oft 
I live in northwest San Antonio and. ii |»ossib!t would like lo find a class m ibis section of the cliv 
Also. I am unable to attend one iii the morning and therefore, need to find something iii the lull afternoon or evening. 
Thank you, i 
»- 
I he Northwest Branch k to 7:3o p.m. The cost tor ol the YMCA, 133 E. the eight-week session sunshine Drive. 733-9331. ilk lur non members and has several classes >«u VII tor members, might he interested in. 
Sliinnastics classes meet 
Tuesda.ts and 
I hut sdat s from 7 to K p i i i. The course costs $19 tor non m em bers and SM lot members. 
Aerobic dancing courses will start April I. lite course costs SIH and runs 
12 weeks, (lasses meet either Monda>s and 
Wednesdays or Tuesda.ts and Thursdays Ii oui I to 
7 p iii. 
\ oga classes will be 
(aught Mednesdats from 

‘ o 
2 
W I m 
^4 
12 
MMK 
8 2 O 
"5 5 

IO I S 
—I 

BLC 
TURNTABLE 
MODEL 94o 
• BELT DRIVE 
• CHANGER 
• WOOD BASE 
• COMPLETE 

EOI SPEAKER 

M ODEL I 2 5 3 V 

• 3 w ay 

• 1 2 ” w o o fe r 

• 3 ” tw e ete r 

PIONEER RECEIVER 
MODEL 5X55o 
• AM-FM STEREO 
• HI FILTER 
• FM MUTING 

CD o 

AIR SUSPENSION 

* 4 9 9 
ELIMINATION PRICED 
STEREO SYSTEM 

'o m t T S t 
GT66oo 
I 
; i ii * 

EOI SPEAKER 
MODEL 1254H 

• 4 w ay 

• I 2 ” w o o fe r 

• piezo tw e e te r 
• w alnut cabinet 

B K 
TURNTABLE 
MUMP'NEW ARRIVAL 
• AM-FM STEREO RADIO 
• 4o CHANNEL C.B. 
• INDASH PUSHBUTTON TUNING 
NOW IN STOCK 
W AREHOUSEA 
V price 

SANSUI RECEIVER MODEL 96o 
MODEL 5o5o 
• BELT DRIV 
• AM-FM STERIO 
• FULL A UTI 
• BELT DRIVE 
• FULL AUTO 
TURNTABLE 
• SHURE 
CARTRIDGE 

• TAPE MONITOR 
• HI FILTER 

I599 
ELIMINATION PRICED 

 fllin W JflT b W ll 

•• 
Tm 

MEDALLION AM -FM CASSETTE 

IN-DASH M OUNTING 
BUDGET PRICED 
MOOIL h i A H 

Bcll\dancing classes start March 23 and will he taught on Tuesday from 3:3o to 7 pm. tost tor this course is $29 tor non members and $19 tor members 
\dult co cd t ollet hail games are held evert 
Tuesday I rom K lo 9 p m. 
I he cost is VI per person per evening. 
These cias.es also hate morning sessions for people who cannot attend the evening sessions. 
< ost is the same, 

JIL AM-FM 8-TRACK 
JIL 841 NU 
AM -FM 8-TRACK 
IN-DASH 

EASY INSTALLATION 
$ 7 
4 9 5 

JIL FM 8-TRACK 
JIL 517 
FM 8-TRACK 
UNDER DASH c r n f> 95 
M OUNT 
3 V 

JBX 1o25 
STEREO SPEAKER 

1o” WOOFER 

2 w oy 

P.E. TURNTABLE 
MODEL 3D46 
• PITCH CONTROL 
• COMPLETE 
$ 9 9 9 5 

PIONEER 8-TRACK m STEREO 
S U M R 
TUNER 
TW IN TONE 
CONTROLS 
DEMO 
UMTS 

DEMO SPEAKERS 
SAN PEDRO AND 
HW Y. 9o W . 
ONLY 

ICI ISSA 
*85.95 

IO H T S 
*25.oo 

THIND IOO. *12o.oo 

JBX 1o25 
*24.95 

THIND IV . . . . *6o.oo 
ANO MANY, M ANY 
MORE TO CHOOSE TROM 
CARN ONLY cu/iom hi-fi 

PEELTONE 191 ED s i n 
RiPlACIMENT STYLUS TOR NWI TD 

DISCWASHER 
“ THE RECORD CLEANING SYSTEM ’* 
N O W IN STOCK 

CSV 
CIASS1C 
RECORDING 
TAPE 

CLASSIC C-9o CASSETTE 
IN THI C-ROX 

CHROMIUM DIOXIDE 
RO MINOT! LfNGTH 

SCOTCH 9o MINUTE 8 TRACK 
LOW NOISE HIGH OUTPUT 

JNK 
S I X 
C l 
O I 
CO > 
JO 
U t 

THURSDAY IO A.M. - 8 P.M 

Robinson 

Scandal rum ors 

 interest b ook ies 

His real name cannot be used for obvious reasons. We will call him Tom . He is a big-tim e' bookie in a major Texas city. 

Like most bookmakers and basket­ ball fans in this country, he was inter­ ested in an item which appeared in 
E arl W ilson’s nationally syndicated column Tuesday. 
To quote Wilson, "T h e hush-hush rumors of a basketball scandal have made everybody nervous with millions of dollars and formidable nam es in­ volved in g a m b lin g on a nation al scale.” 
Wilson doesn’t say if this alleged scandal involves college or pro teams. 
Officials of the NBA and NC AA don’t even like to talk about such possibi­ lities. To them, scandal is the worst four-letter word in the book. 

Tom, who was contacted through sources in S.A., was hesitant to talk about the possibility of "fixing” games or paying players to shave points. 

Not until he was promised that his real nam e would not be used or re ­ vealed did he agree to discuss the subject. 
He talked mostly about the NBA. 
" It’s easier to fix an NBA game than a college gam e.” he told me. "This is because pro athletes are money o r­ iented. To som e of them , money is everything. ” 
Tom does not know for a fact that there is a scandal in pro basketball this season but he is quick to point out that 
" t h e r e is so m e th in g w ron g, real wrong. Things just don’t add up." 
He is referring to the trem endous edge for home teams. At one point this season, home te a m s w ere winning about 75 per cent of NBA games. 

Maybe mental 

The best ones are losing to the worst ones on the road. There is no consis­ tency although m ore visiting team s have been winning recently. 
“ A lot of guys are saying that games are fixed in the NBA this year. I t s because of the home te a m ’s ad v an ­ ta g e .” says Tom. 
"Like I said, though. I don’t know anything about it. It s possible that they are fixed but. personally, I don’t think so. It'd have to be a big, real big operation. 
"I think the big advantage to the home team is mostly a mental thing with the players. Let’s face it. some of those guys are pretty dumb. (Bleep), they’re real dumb. 
"T he season starts with the home team winning almost every game. The players hear everyone talking about winning at home, losing on the road — everybody is doing it. 
“ So they start thinking that as long as they win at home, they aren’t sup­ posed to win on the road. They figure if other teams are losing on the road, it s okay for them to do it, too. 

"Like I said. I think B's mostly mental. But I will tell you one thing — there is definitely something wrong. 
Ifs either a fluke thing bv nature, or something wrong is going on.” insists 
Tom. 

"T h ere is always one safe way to know what is going on in sports," he continued. "L as Vegas. You can tell what is happening in sports by seeing what’s happening in Vegas. 
"Know what they’re doing in Vegas now?” he asks. "You won t believe it, not if you know anything about gam ­ bling. I f s so bad that in Vegas you have to lay ti-5 (put up $8 to win 15) and the maximum is $2oo.” 
In cast* you are a non-gambler, the usual rate is ll I -$1o “ In other sports in Vegas ifs $11-$H) with the sky the limit." says our friendly bookmaker. 
“ You know that there is something real wrong when you can bet more money in Texas than you can in Vegas. 
'That’s true. You can get a lugger bet on an NBA game in San Antonio than you can in Vegas." 

Bad business 

Tom says that bookmakers are being run out of business because of the home teams winning so much. 
" I t’s ridiculous. It was the same way this past football season. For example. if you had bet $2tMI on every game, and taken the fa v o rite each lim e . you would have made at least $5o,ooo.” he says. 
“ You bet the di gs this year, either football or basketball, and you lose big,” he adds. "It killed the ixxtks, It put them out of business. 

“ I’d say that DO per cent of the bet ting in Texas is just straight bels. 
Most people just don’t know a bookie. 
(hey bet with each other.” 

The home court edge now means up to five points on the betting line. ac­ cording to Tom. “ Tuesday night the line was the Knicks two over the Spurs. 
But because they played in the Garden, the line went up as high Os seven and one-half." he explains. 
E arl W ilson m ig ht know all the details about a major scandal iii bas­ ketball but Tom says he is not sun* what the problem is. **All I know is everybod.v is talking because there is something wrong. Maybe i f s the re­ ferees. Maybe a mental thing with the players. Maybe the coaching. Maybe som ebody is being bought. I t s so­ mething we can’t put our finger on 
“ But something is wrong.” 

Brien moves to curb violence in the NBA 

San Antonio 
11 s 
Express 
I 

 ruggers, muggers 

Rivers, Yanks settle dispute 

Page 
I -G 
Thursday March 3 1977 
Tigers beat top-ranked 
USC, 6-3 

SPECIAL TO THE EXPRESS 

LOS ANGELES — Trinity, rebound­ ing from an upset loss to Southern 
Methodist,‘Stunned Southern Califor­ nia. 6-3, in a dual m en’s tennis match 
Tuesday. 
It was the second time the Tigers have bumped off the NCAA Tennis 
Coaches’ top rated team . E arlier, 
Trinity heat Southern Cal. 7-2, in the finals of the National Collegiate Team tournament. 
Tony G iam m alva got the Tigers started with a 7-5, 6-4. win over the 
Trojans’ top player. Bruce Manson, in the number one singles. 
Larry Gottfried, who suffered his first individual match loss in that 6-3 setback to SMU in Corpus Christi, began slow but eventually subdued 
Chris Lewis. 
Gottfried lost the first set, 2-6, but won the dividing two sets, 6-4, 7-6. 
Ben McKown and Erick Iskorskv quickly gave Trinity a 4-o advantage. 
McKown beat Andy Lucchcsi, 6-4. 7-5, and Iskersky outlasted Earl Prince, 
6-1, 2-6, 6-4. 
Southern Cal. however, got back into 

NfcW YORK TIMES SERVICE 

NEW VORK - Larry O’Brien, the commissioner of the Nation­ al Basketball Association, has warned coaches and players that a continuation of "punching and fighting will be met with stern measures” by his office, includ­ ing ejections from the gam e, fines and suspensions. 

Showing concern about the recent rash of violence involving some of the g a m e ’s biggest nam es, the com m is­ sioner threatened to take action last week in a m em o ran d u m to g eneral managers and coaches. 
Then, Mike Bantam of the New York 
Nets floored Marv in Barnes of the De­ troit P isto n s last F rid a y , and now’ there are rep orts that even s te rn e r penalties to curb violence are being contemplated. They are expected to he presented soon to the club owners for approval. 
Monday, in Didroit. an opthalmolo- gist found blond on the inside of Bar­ nes's eyeball and referred him lo a retinal specialist to determine the ex- 

King Pong works out 

Pete Rose of the Cincinnati Reds gets in some practice on the ping pong table during, a break in spring training workouts at Tampa, Fla. 
Rose, known as ‘‘King Pong among his table tennis competitors, has not signed a 1977 contract. ap w ir e p h o t o 
And in this com er . . . 

By MIKE BRUTON 
OE THE EXPRESS STAEE . 
Dinggggg. dinggggg. Ladies and gentlemen, the 1977 San Antonio Re­ gional (tolden Gloves Boxing Tour­ nament is about lo commence. 
At 7:3(1 p.m. Thursday, Friday and 
Saturday, the Municipal Auditorium will be lilied w ith the sig h ts and sounds of am ateur boxing. 

GG Po iring*, l\ig c Th 

T here will be novice and open d i­ visions. each having ll weight classes. 
Thursday night s card shows 34 bouts. 
So, what’s new? 
Well, for openers, the matches will be judged with a five-man Olympic boxing system , instead of the three- 

 man setup 
"T hat s going to he a significant difference,’’ said assistant tournament director Jack Harris. "You should get more accurate decisions.” 
Harris said a clinic was held earlier in the week for all tin' Golden Gloves officials to “ review rules in general." 
"None of the officials are connected in any way with any boxing clubs or 

 organizations in this area," Harris ad­ ded. “ We should have unbiased re ­ sults. 
"It should be much more organized this year and I’m hoping the public will enjoy it “ 
No doubt, with 34 bouts on opening night, there should be some scrappy ones. But th e re are two binits on 
See GOLDEN, Page HG 

IX K y r U M V K 

 tent of the dam age and a course of treatment. 
A fter the fight w ith B a n ta m , in which he received a blow to the eye, 
Barnes was taken to a New York hos­ pital where stitches were required to 
' lose the wound. 
The B arnes-B antom fight and its side effects that involved other players was only one of four the Pistons have been involved in. Kevin P o rte r and 
Jack Marin of the Bulls started the 
Piston fight nights on Jan. 29. 
The following night. Porter fought with Mel B en n ett of the Ind ian a 
Pacers. On Feb. 6, after some heavy elbowing. Marvin Barnes knocked out 
Jim Eakins of the Kansas City Kings. 
Other altercations 
Other teams involved in altercations thieason include the Boston Celtics, 
Houston Rockets, Milwaukee Bucks. 
Los Angeles Lakers, Seattle Superson­ ics. New Orleans Jazz and Portland 
Trail Blazers. 
Since O 'Brien’s policies have been not to announce prev ious fines and sus­ pensions, it is not known how he dealt with the recent ou tbreaks. But his 

See O'BRIEN, Page HG 
Edwards Bear(ing) down for Raiders 

O’KEEFFE 

Overthrow 

Duane Haynes of St. M ary’s slides in to third base as Oklahoma City s Bob Fiala jumps for a throw from the outfield. Haynes scored on the overthrow. St. Mary's won a double- header from OCU Wednesday. See story on 
 staff p h o t o by pat h a m il t o n 
Spurs becoming 
TV celebrities 

CBS television has decided to televise another 
Spur game regionally, it was announced Wednesday. 
The Sunday. Mar. 13 game between the Spurs and 
Detroit Pistons will tx* regionally televised from the 
Arena, beginning at 12:45. 
This will be the seventh time for CBS to televise the Spurs — five i i i the Arena and two on the road 
Only the Philadelphia 76crs, with eight, have had more games televised than the Spurs this season. 
So fur, S A. is undefeated oil CBS, winning all six televised games. 
Tickets for Tuesday’s game against Phoenix and the Mar. 13 outing with Detroit are on sale at the 
Arena box office, or bv calling 224-957H The ticket booth is o|x*n daily from 9 a in until 5 p.m. 

1977 All-City 
Boys’ Cage Team 

✓ Sunday in the Express-New a 

Bv KEVIN O KEEFFE 
OE THE EXE-KESS STAEE 

HOUSTON - This y e a r ’s 
Baylor basketball season sounds like a plot from a daytime soap opera. 
The Bears, picked by some to finish atop the Southwest Conference, win their first three SWC games. 
Then. the heartbreak comes. 
Baylor, at home, loses a one-point game to Texas AAM on a last-second shot by Steve Jones. Six days later in 
Dallas, the Bears blow a 14-point lead and lose to 
S o uthern 
Methodist. 
Two days after the 
SMU defeat, 
Head 
Coach Carroll Dawson unexpectedly resigns. 
One week later, guard 
Tony Rufus, fo rm er 
SWC newcomer of the year rn his freshman season, quits the team and leaves school. 
But San Antonio's Arthur Edwards, a tumor forward on the Baylor squad, suns the team has su rv iv ed th ese problems and now wants to erase the bad memories of a 5-11 SWC slate and a se v e n th -p la c e finish in the conference. 
* We have new life." Edwards said 
Wednesday as he and tin* other B ears prepared for Thursday’s SVN <' Tourna­ ment encounter with Texas Tech, the winner of last year’s inaugural tour­ ney. "I really believe we have a chance lo win this. 
"We have gotten ourselves together now. We have regrouped. Losing Coach 
Dawson was a big shock to everybody 
Then, Tony quit. But I was not su r­ prise! by his decision. 
"Oh, I was surprised that In* quit before th** end of the season. But he waa not playing at all aud did not want to sit on the bench 
Edwards, an all-state perform er at 
Brackenridge, was the* Bears* second leading scorer this year, averaging 
15.8 points per game and ranking lith 

 i i i the SWC in that category 
He was tops in field goal percentage at Baylor with a 54 3 murk and was the 

See EDWARDS, Page Mi 
SWC sla te 

XII ol the SWC Tournament games will be broadcast by WOXI Radio 
(12oo), However, the Friday and Sa­ turday broadcasts will be delayed be­ cause ot the Spurs’ games 

Thursday: Houston vs Texas AAM, 
7 p in : Texas Tech vs Baylor, 9 p m. 
Friday: Thursday’s winners play, 8 p til. 
Saturday: 
F rid a y ’s w inner plays 
Arkansas. 8 p rn. 

SEAGRAMS 
I 7 PACK. 

Seagram presents everything you need to make America’s best- tasting drink. 
We call it The Seven & Seven. 
You’ll call it delicious. 

(s . ^ 1,o11,11 

A frican whisks 

H 
SA N A N T O N IO EXPRESS— Thursday March 3 I 977 

P ortlan d site fo r LP G A ch am p io n sh ip 

P O R T LA N D , 
Ort*. 
(A P ) — Portland has been picked for the first 
Ladies Professional Golf 
Association team cham­ 

 pionship, it was an­ nounced Wednesday. 
The Pro-am w ill be 
Sept 
14 with the match 
Sept. 
16-18 at 

Columbia-hdgewater 
Country 
Club. 
Total purse will be $65,ooo with the Winning team split­ ting $15,ooo. 

LeDoux wins fight 

DISCOUNT LIQUOR 

837 W . HILDEBRAND 
Mirec 
7o33 BLANCO RD 
CORNER BLANCO 
7 3 5 - 8 3 2 9 

PRICES 
GOOD THRU 
3-5, HO LIMITS 
JAMES E. 
■PEPPER! 

STILLBROOK 

Va GAL. 

8o PR. BOURBON 

EVAN 
WILLIAM’S 

BLACK OR GREEN 

19 

14 GAL, 
9o & 86 PR. BOURBON 

BACARDI 
AMBER & SILVER 
Vt GAL. 

$o99 

8o PR. RUM 

ALMADEN 
CARAFE ROSE, 
BURGUNDY 
CHABLIS 

.ax 
FRENCH 

YA COLO M B ARD 
$ 
- * 9 
9 
W 

7233 BLANCO RD. 

CORNER LOCKHILL-SELMA 
4 9 - 7 4 7 2 

LEGACY 

14 GAL. 

$ 
8 
6 , 

8o PR. SCOTCH 
GILBEY 
I GINI 

Va GAL. 

$ T 9* r n 
J 

8o PROOF 

SCHENLEY’S 
VODKA 

'/a GAL. 

8o PROOF 

'GALLON 

BUDWEISER 

6 PK CANS 

$ | 3 o 

MHS - PRICES GOOD THRU SAT. 

W E D N E S D A Y 
C o lle g e B a s e b a ll: O k la h o m a C liv o f St 
M a ry s (2), I p rn. 
College Tennis: T rin ity m en at U n iv e rs ity ot 
S outhern C a lifo rn ia , 4 p m 
St M a ry 's m en and w o m e n a t San Is a d o ra B in g C ro s b y W o rld 
U n iv e rs itie s 
T o u rn a m e n t, 
G u a d a ia ia ra . 
M exico. 
Pro W re s tlin g . M u n ic ip a l A u d ito riu m , 8 p.m . 
M ain even ts. Jose L o th a rio vs. G re a t G o lia th a n d C leo C a ra s vs. B lo c k G o rd m a n . 
O th e r m atches pit Iva n P u tskl vs. Swede H a nsen, Leo 
Seitz vs. Iro n Sheik F a ro u k. B ru is e r B ro d v vs. 
Bob O rlo n Jr. 
High School Baseball: See S chedule on P age 
4D 

TH U R S D A Y 
College Tennis: 
T exa s L u th e ra n m en and w om en at Son A n tonio C ollege. 2 p.m . 
T rin ity men at P e p p e rd ln e U n iv e rs ity , Los A n gele s. 4 
D.m 
St 
M a ry s m en and w o m e n a t San 
Isadora B ing C rosby W orld U n iv e rs itie s T ou r nam ent. G u a d a ia ia ra , M exico. 
A m a te u r Boxing. 
G olden G loves. M u n ic ip a l 
A u d ito riu m , 7,3o p m. 
C o lle g e B a s k e tb a ll: 
S o u th w e s t 
T e x a s w om en and Texas A A I w om en at T A IA W State 
T o u rn a m e n t, E d in b u rg 
High School B a s e b a ll: See sched ule on P age 
5G 

F R ID A Y 
TYO Basketball: S purs of N ew Y o rk 
N ets. 
7:o5 p m. 
College Baseball: B a vto r at St. M a ry s (2 ), I p m. 
O kla h o m a C itv at Pan A m e ric a n (? ), 6 o rn. 

A m ateur Boxing: G olden G loves. M u n ic ip a l 
A u d ito riu m . 7:3o p m 
T r a c k : 
B o rd e r O ly m p ic s . M a r t in H ig h 
School. L a re d o 
H igh school p re lim in a rie s . I p .m .; ju n io r college p re lim in a rie s , 8 p m 
Colllege Tennis: St M a ry s m en and w o m e n 
3coro B in g C ro sb y W o rld U n iv e rs itie s T o u r­ nam ent. G u a d a la ja ra , M e xico 
College Basketball: S outhw est T exa s w o m e n and Texas A & l w om en o f T A IA W S tate T o u r nom ent. E d in b u rg . 
S A T U R D A Y 
Pro Basketball: S purs at B u ffa lo , 7 p m 
College Baseball: Bee C o u n ty vs 
San A n to nio C ollege (2 ), O lm os P o rk , 1:3o p.m . 
P h illip s of Texas L u th e ra n (2 ), I p m 
O k ­ lahom a C ity at P an A m e ric a n (2), 6 p m . 
A m a te u r B o xin g : 
G o ld e n G lo v e s F in a ls . 
M u n ic ip a l A u d ito riu m , 7.3o p m 
H igh School B a s k e tb a ll: A A A A R e g io n a l 
T o u rn a m e n t, B lossom A th le tic C e n te r. 
B u r bank vs. K e nnedy. IO a.m ., A u stin R eagan vs. 
C o rpu s C h ris ti M o o d y, noon. C h a m p io n s h ip g a m e at 8 p.m . 
T ra c k : 
B o rd e r O ly m p ic s . M a r tin H ig h 
School- L a re d o 
U n iv e rs ity p re lim in a rie s , 8:3o a .rn ; high school and ju n io r colle g e fin a ls , I p .m .; u n iv e rs ity fin a ls , 6 p.m . 
College Tennis: T rin ity m en at U C L A . 4 p jn 
S c h re in e r m en a n d w o m e n a t S o u th w e s t 
Texas, I p rn. 
St. M a ry 's m en and w o m e n at 
San Is a d o ra B in g C ro sb y W o rld U n iv e rs itie s 
T o u rn a m e n t. G u a d a la ja ra . M e xico 
C o lleg e B a s k e tb a ll: 
T A IA W S ta te T o u r ­ nam ent, E d in b u rg . 
Rugby: 
T exa s A & M vs. San A n to n io (2 ), 
O lm os P a rk , 2 p.m . 

NEW YORK (A F ) - Scott LeDoux found the range with his right-hand povvdr in the late rounds and came on to pound out a split. 1o-round decision over Pedro Soto in the featured hea­ vyweight fight Wednesday night at 
Madison Square Garden. 
.Judge Sam Irom scored it 5-4-1 for 
LeDoux and referee .Johnny LoBianco favored him 6-4. .Judge Arty Aidala scored it 7-3 for Soto. 
In one of the three co-features. Hon 
Harris, 158Va. of Canton. Ohio, a 1968 

Olympic Gold Medal winner, boxed his way to an easy 1o-round decision over 
Sugar Ray Seales. 158. of Seattle, a 
1972 Olympic Gold Medalist. 
In two other 1o-rounders. M ike 
Rossman. 173. of Turnersville, closed the left eye of Ray Anderson. 174, of 
Akron, Ohio, and won when the referee stopped the fight after the fourth round on the advice of a ringside doctor. 
Harold Weston, .lr., 145^. of New 
York, won a unanimous decision over 
Jim m y Heiar, 144, El Puso. 

Rattlers sweep 
Oklahoma City 

By HARRY FAGE 
OF THE EXPRESS STAFF 

Greg Krueiak and Art Perez com­ bined for a one-bitter in the first game as St. Mary’s snapped a three-game losing streak by sweeping Oklahoma 
City University. 5-2 and 3-1, at V .J. 
Keefe Field Wednesday. 
Boh Wagner scattered five hits, walked three, and struck out three in the nightcap. 
Krueiak pitched hitless ball for 5Va innings before running into control problems. 
Chuck Page’s two-out single past the out-stretched glove of reserve third baseman Mike Krupski off Perez spoiled the combined no-hit bid in the top of the seventh and final inning. 
Danny Beep slammed a two-run single in the first inning and a HBI single in the fifth to spark St. M ary’s 
1o-hit attack. Charlie* Migl drove in another run with a double. 

Julies Mopier tripled and singled and 
Mike Zamora doubled to boost the 
Rattlers in the opener. 

Ted Trevino, d ay Slolte. and Marty 
Zolkoski eac h collected two singles as 
St. Mary’s again erupted for IO hits off loser Tucson Redd and reliever Roil 
Smith in the second game. 

Migl sliced a run-scoring single and 
Stolte walked with the bases-loaded as the Rattlers provided all the runs 
Wagner needed in the first inning of the second game. Paul Tejeda scored on a wild pitch for St. M ary’s final run in the second inning. 
St. Mary's, which meets Baylor in a doubleheader Friday at Keefe Field, is 
3-4. Oklahoma City was opening its season. 
“ We should have blown them out both games.’’ said Elm er Kosub, St. 
Mary’s coach. "W e still left too many men on the bases.” 

D ISPLAY 
CLASSIFIED D U PRA Y 
D ISPLA Y CLASHY HO D ISPLA Y 
D ISPLAY 
CLASSIFIC!) D ISPLA Y 
D ISPLAY 
C L A S S IF IC D ISPLA Y 
D ISPLA Y 
C LA SSIFIID D ISPLA Y 
D ISPLA Y | 
7 OUT OF EVERY 8 
VOLVO BUYERS ARE 
TEST DRIVERS. 

But foolhardy, they’re not. 
That’s why 87% of the thinking people who bought Volvos in 1976 insisted on a test drive before buying.(Or leasing...a financial alternative we can easily arrange.) 
They wanted to see if the car performed up to their expectations. And if it handled as well in the real world as the salesman said it would back at the Volvo dealership. 
Obviously, these cautious people decided that our car had passed their test. 
So while our Volvo showroom is an excellent place to ask questions,examine and price a 
Volvo, it’s out on the road—behind the wheel— where most people buy them. 
V O L V O 

I he fur for ocoplc who think 
Parb Ten V&vo 

 ill Scout Dealer 
AUTHORIZED DEALER FOR PARTS, SALES SERVICE 
132 BALCONES NORTH 
732-2143 

The Rattlers left seven in the first game and IO in the second game. 
“ We’re still not getting the consis­ tent timely hitting when we need it." 
Beep added. “ W e’ll be all right as the season progresses. ’ ’ 
Krueiak. after getting the first batter out. walked five of the next seven bat­ ters he faced in the seventh inning before exiting for the showers. 
" I guess I ’m getting old,” kidded the former All-City left hander from St. 
Gerard’s. “ Really, though, the entire pitching staff hasn’t had enough mound work in practice.’’ 
“ The pitch that dude hit (Page) was around the letters,” Perez added. “ He just swung down on it and chopped it out of the infield. It wasn’t a bad pitch.” 
Duane Haynes and Glynn Tschirhart had both walked before Hoop delivered his two-out single to left. Singles by the pair set up the big three-run fifth inning. Haynes scored on a throwing error, Tschirhart rode home on Migl's double, and Beep singled Migl home with his single to right. 
Haynes got things started in the second with a single and a stolen base with one-out in first inning. He scored on 
Migl's two-out single. 
Tejeda walked, went to second on Paul Szy- marek’s infield single, move to third on a sacrifice by Haynes, and scored or 
Sm ith ’s wild ball four pitch to 
Tschirhart in the second inning. 
W ill W illiam s doubled home the 
( ’heils’ lone run in the fifth. 

F irst G am e 
O kla. CHV 
OOO oo2 o - 2 
I 
I 
St 
M a ry s 
2oo o3o x — 5 
IO 
2 
N o s h e r!, E r h a r d 16) o n d M c C a b e . 
K ru e ia k . 
P e re z 
(6 ) a n d M o m e r. 
VV — K r u e ia k 
(2 o ) . 
L —N o sher! (o-1). 

Second G am e 
Ok lo CHV 
OOO o1o o - I 
6 
o 
St 
M a ry s 
21o OOO x - 3 
IO 
o 
R edd. S m ith ( ! ) a n d M c C a b e , 
W a g n e r a n d 
T re v in o W —W agner ( l l) . L — R edd ( O I). 
Broncs upset 
NTS 
DENTON (A P ) - Pan 
A m erican, led by M i­ chael Edwards with 27 points, put a cloud over 
North 
Texas State's post-season basketball tournament hopes. 86-72,- at the 
“ Super 
P it ” 
Wednesday night. 
Henry Taylor added 26 to the Broncs cause and 
Randy Woods 23. 
The Broncs broke away in the final seven min­ utes of what had been a close game, outscoring the Mean Green. 17-5 at the end. Edwards hit se­ ven of his points in the last Pan American surge. 
The lead bounced back and forth in the first half and Pan American led by only one. 68-67. with 6:45 left. But North Texas hit a cold streak and ended their NCAA and N IT hopes. 
North Texas hit only 37 per cent in the second hull while Pan American was hitting 54 per cent. 
Walter Johnson hit 21 and Mel Daws had 18 for 
North Texas. 
Pun American finished the season 17-9 and North 
Texas ended al 21-6 
F A N A M E R IC A N 
« *> :T o v .o r l l 4 6 26, Woods IO 3 3 23. B olts o 
O O o, E d w a rd s 12 3 3 27, W itbonks 
3 o 2 6. C u b e r! o 5-o o, H o lla n d I J 7 
4 Totals 37 12 16 
N O R T H 
T E X A S 
S T A T E 
(7 1 ): W illia m s 3 12 7. M ite nett S 
O O IO, D a vis 8 2 2 18, Johnson 9 3 4 
21. M ile s o OO o, L is te r o o o o 
M c M illio n I O O 2, Sm ook o o o o, 
K u so o r 7 O O 14 T otals 33 6 3 
H a lf tim e — P u n A m e r ic a n 4o 
N o rth Texas 37, Total fo u ls - Pan 
A m e ric a n 12, N o rth T e x a s 16 
T e c h n ic a l—Johnson A — 7.1oo. 
T e x a s e s l o a i u 
T C I sh are filii* 
FO RT WORTH (A P ) - 
Right hander Jeff Ingle hurled Texas Wesleyan to a one-hit 11-o victory over 
Texas Christian Tuesday to boost Texas Wesleyan lulu a first place tie with 
TCI) for the champion­ ship of the 
Tarrant 
County Baseball Tourna­ ment, 
Texas 
Wesleyan pitcher Steve Daniels completed a -double- header sweep for TWC as he pitched a seven-hitter and the Rums defeated 
Texas-Arlington. 3-1 
TCC aud TW C both finished with 3-1 records in the tournament. 

TODAY’S 

WINNING 
NUMBERS 

$5 
IN 

12 noon. 
Deadline 
F I* i . 3-4-77 

o454-48-5943 

GIFT CERTIFICATE s’lO 322"28"4427 
IN GIFT CERTIFICATE 
$25465' 68* 4484 
IN G i n CERTIFICATE 

S J Q 466- o4- 8981 

IN G in CERTIFICATE 
$25524'5o"4156 
IN G i n CERTIFICATE 

S | o 466-8o-7587 

IN G i n CERTIFICATE 

* | o 284' 36" 8264 
IN G i n CERTIFICATE $|o 467-8o-3936 

IN G i n CERTIFICATE 

466-32-623o 

TWO *5 SPURS TICKETS 

464-24-9294 

TWO ‘5 SPURS TICKETS 

C la im s n o t h o n o re d o n S a t. o r S u n . 

Winners must bring their Social Security curd and another form of iden­ 

 tification to the SWEEPSTAKES EDITOR at the Express-News building, 

Ave. E and Third St. by the deadline indicated above. Prizes will be 

 forfeited otherw.se. ALL PRIZES ARE IN THE FORM OF GIFT CERTI­ 

FICATES FOR THE A M O U N T W O N REDEEMABLE AT STORES W H IC H 

HAVE ADVERTISED IN THE SAN A N T O N IO EXPRESS,. THE N EW S, 

OR WEEK END EXPRESS-NEWS THIS WEEK. W inners of Spurs tickets 

 will receive ticket claim letters with which they may claim their two free 

 tickets to the home game of their choice. 
A BONUS NUMBER 
WORTH *1 ,o o o OR MORE 
IN PRIZES 
EACH SUNDAY 

PLUS A SUBSCRIBER BONUS 
THAT CAN W IN YOU UP TO 
$5oo EXTRA IN PRIZES! lf you’re the winner of our big $1,ooo Bonus Number, and you're a present subscriber to the daily San Antonio 
Express and The News, you'll be awarded an ADDI­ 
TIONAL $5oo IN PRIZES! lf you win the Bonus Number, and you are a present subscriber to the daily Express or 
The News, you’ll claim an additional $25o in prizes! 

SEND IN YOUR ENTRY TODAY 
The earlier you get it in, the more drawings you’ll be eligible for! 

N O PURCHASE NECESSARY. Entry cards also available at the Ex­ press-News upon request. W inning numbers may be viewed at the newspaper offices from 8:3o a.m . to 5 :3 o p.m. M onday - Friday or at public libraries during open hours. 

The R u les: 

I . T O E N T if t 
I a e ra ta rn 
IMfc llH l l r tx Itta t e ll y t a n A n - 
• • n ix I i ^ m i m 
! n ix N a iv e , ti* 

 a n b yew * t a ela l S a x o n * y N u m b e r a n a M a ll » la I W 
I I F I t U H . I X - 
N t l ! 
AM O 
M W L 
I O 
I O X loot. ta n A w e xala. t a x a x lilt! to e e v er y eawyxan M a x* b a a b b e . 

A H e x a l 
H O O in a r n e e 
M 
A e 

Mean M a llx o 
M a |xwr«hwxa tx re - 

I 
-b a 
I eyer a e t a n a 
N a v e , A va - I aeM to w b tx ., tra m 
SsSO a-v x ie 
L I O p m w e e k 
A eye Aa Hee ta xbexb Itta “ t i l " b a e a yr a v vrlxb ta xvb xxrlb a ta 
Ute I xarexe a r Lea ere a r b a rb a r a r e v vrtxb ta eeM en Mea a r b a ' b afta* 
O t HU rn A e " M O " b a i * r e v A a e a r vrtxb xa xvb xxrlb a 

•b e a m e x A r e v t x n a ut A te earn 

2. PRIZES 
X rieae arb! b a eXXxreA A et I yr M a n - 
A av te n t nab f i b * . in ib e In n 
A n ie n te I e a r a et a n a th e N a n t anA S e to rto y a n a I te n tie r In A la l » a r a t x M a n e b a en A a a a A re w - m g * a m b it te a A n il* a n a a n I n ­ a n e ! fa r 
Axe evaab anAx atta 
W itm e r i et ill b a e w e r - e a rrA tx x ra t e n titlin g 

 m a ..b a n a n a tra m to m e arba b a r a a b . a nne x a in A te t a n A n ­ ie n te ixyrraxe th e N e a t , a r Se*- v rA e yr ar 
V m A ay 
It e r a t e - M e t r e b e rm e A w l tav ab 

HONDA t 
N u l l 
W K L 
C O M M O ! 
OF 
M M U * 
M U M A U * 
Af OO IM 

6 * OOO o 6 
M O H ! 
(A C M betta. 
K U * IO H W 
* » » f l C K I t t I AC H 

M 
Ate a vene r a l 
A te 
* v a A e r 
L— 

 a p ra ter* iv b tt r ib e r ta A t# b o ily 
I u p ra te OX TK * N a a n b a a r tb a a b l b a earaK b eb a a a b a c te r ia l 
6 * * o rn preset 

L A tU O O A V M I U * W IU C O N tliT 
O il 
6 o o ( I ) 
I S (SI 
• 6 (SI 
* Skuas ss Hex it* <* paioi 

O A R ! M I U * A l * o 1 M IH S IX - 
M l * » A M I TMI M IW * 

SSO ( I ) ss (SI 
I * IS) t L A U *L AL IIC K IT I I* A A I*) 

A tov A l 
O r 
* * o o 
WX 
A i m * 
O A R ! K U * 6 SS L A U * ! l i e f IT V 
3. HOW YOU CAN 
WIN; 
A a . o w in p w bl b a b a ta b atty ta b e te rm rn x 
Ate little m a p b a y • 
-•in n e r* t a tu t b e y 
Lim b a y an a 
M e m b e r w enny re a b l b a A re n a to e A*a r a b in , Ir tb e y 
Tba e a rlie r yaw ta n b rn yaw* e n try tb a m a ra w a a b t r e v ex b l b a e lig ib le ta mm prexaxi 
4. DEADLINE TO CLAIM 
PRIZES 
W m a m a m a n x a r t a b l b a p v b U ili- a b re e k b a y rn A te t a n A m e n ia 
I * P -a re Tba N a n a n a Aa ta r n a y 
AAb Wen t o y t a p . . , , N a m t a - p r a t , 
W in n e r, ar bl b a r a u n til an an Aaa ta llo w in g t o y ta H m m 
P rien* 
N e w t w inn e r* w ill b a r a 

 a n t * I p .m . to e fe lla W m g b a y ta clem * p attee M a w in n in g n u m b er tx pubU xbeb an In X x y 
Sa to r b a y b r hun b u y 
A la p e tre l m u ll b a c la im e r b y S p .rn 
Hee b it e w in g 
A a n b a v a r A la y web b a ta rfe A e A 
A l tenure m a y cr m e ca to e C ir. 
• u la *ta n 
O ap* a l to r ia p r e tx * 
H a w i Vurlbtng 
A r a 
I e tib TK it A 
A* ta elater th e ir p ric es 
Th ey i*iwe* b a r a p r e a l a * M a w Social 
Sexurtey n u m b e r p ra te r o n ly a h at lu l hee writ y lu r a p la t a th a r 
• b an b t l, a n a n 
W in n e r, m u tt . a n ­ la u t th e ta p .a a a m b N e w t b y Itta a p p ro p r.a tx b e e A to i. a t p e lte r 

S. W H O M A Y ENTER 

The SSO OOO S w e e p et ah ex 7 7 tx a p a n ta a n y r a tib a n t a l a n y a r e a 
• h a t A t* hen A n ie n te t e p e e .* a n b Tba 
N e w t a ra b u m b o ta b 
Tba only ex a v ile m e n t la th a t b a br tb a b a a r a h a ,ta i 
S e cu rity n u m b er f m p le v a e t a n b un rn .A i a t# to m i i * , a l tx p r a x x -M e w i 
C a rp . an b 
W o rth b ru itin g 
Ca to aw a g e n t, a n b b it m e w le r I a ra n e t e lig ib le 
N O 
K M C H A M lh 
N tC lh h A M T TO IN T T * O * C LA IM 
* M i l l 
A n e n try ix r b w ill b a berm th a n u pon i a g u e *1 tra m tb a 
Sew 
A n ie n te 
Ix p r a e t a n b 
Tba 
H e a rt tra m a SO e m la - S AO p -m w e e * baya- 
W in n in g n u m ­ b e r* m a y b a vie u re b a * A te Ie 
A re t* N e w * b o b bin g learn 
I AO a .m . ta L AO p m fM u n b vy b rl. b a y . a r rn pw bh, M a ra n a * b o rin g o p en b o o rt 
T O U 
N M O 
N O T t u t u Kits! 
O X 
M A K I 
A H T 
AOA C HA L l t o t y e a a x i l a n t a . la 
6 a abgrW x ta tam . THIS O H I * IS 
V O ID 
W M H 
M I T * IC TtC 
I T 
L A W 

I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 

 tm 

ADHERE TO POSTCARD, PLEASE! a n n 

San Antonio Express p 

The News *5o,ooo SWEEPSTAKES *77 

. □ 

Mot! IO 

 t i p i t i t a n d N e a r * S W K P S I A X I i 

F O Sox 2585 

S o h A n to n io 
T g I O , 7 8 2 9 7 
OTTEN CIRCULATION DEFT 

MT SOCIAL SAC MUTT SOW MOU Mi 

Pilous me rn the 

5 W H RS (A X IS ond I mould 
**• *® Of**1 O subscription ah 
TES indicated balow lo* tba nae* 
9o d o t * 
□ 
Ftaota m m 
(TMP 
(Ut to , 

5WEEF$TAKE5 but I pralar 
OOI lo order a subscription lo 
NO 
* » • P O P * " ' a t t o n lim e 
NAMl_m _ 

ADDS! 55 
Till FWONI 

AFT 

ZIP 
CITV 
------ STATE 

□ Plea** aloft datary of too Mgwi & 5undoy □ Flaos. port delivery of to, Espials 4 5vndoy 

□ 
F la o a a P o r t dal> *a r v o f b o to I a p t a t e o n d N a w e 
□□ 

O M ofraody O LubLCfbar IO t o , I a p r ,,, p la c e , o d d t o . N e w t M o nd ay Friday to to y subscription 

Qto uh a ady a Lops cr-ba. IO Tho M aw s p faoia odd to , (.p re s s M ondo y F r id a y lo to y s u b s e t,p. .O r, 

SAN ANTONIO EXPRESS— Thursday March 3 1977 
H 

Outdoors 

 w ith Hun K l^ p p e r 

Webb buck permit system successful 

Tho buck permit system, an experimental management pro­ gram initiated last season in 
Webb County, resulted in an increase in the doe deer kill. 
And that was something biolo­ gists wanted to do. 

“ We are extremely encouraged with the increased doe kill.” said Charles 
\\ inkier, big game program director for the Parks and Wildlife Department after viewing preliminary results of the kill. 
“ lf the doe kill continues to increase. we will be able to reduce the herd to the carrying capacity of the range as well as have a well-balanced sex ratio m the overall population.” 
An estimated 2.793 bucks were taken last season in Webb County. The doe kill was approximately I.(IHT. an in­ crease of 125 per cent over the 1975 doe harvest of 475. 

W inkler pointed out that the doe 

 harvest has increased almost IOO per cent in the county oxer the last three seasons. 

Biologists want to shift some of the gun pressure from bucks to does. The average age of bucks killed in Webb has been decreasing as younger and younger bucks are killed. If more bucks are given an opportunity to at­ tain some age. they w ill be better trophies. 
The issuance of perm its on an acreage basis was assisted by the weather iii decreasing the buck kill. 
Many hunters were severely hampered by muddy conditions in Webb and most other counties in South Texas. 
Redistribute the harvest 
Intent of the permit system is to re­ distribute the harvest of bucks by re­ ducing excessive kills on sm all ranches. 
“ Hunters on the small ranches were killing more deer than the land was able to produce,“ Winkler said. “ The harvest data gathered so far indicates these ranches are harvesting closer to their buck-raising potential. 

A total of MW landowners represent­ ing 2.1 million acres drew permits last season. The permits were issued on the basis of one for every 23o acres of land, livery landowner was entitled to re­ ceive at least one permit regardless of the size of his ranch. 

“ Although our results are still ten­ tative. since not all landowners have returned their permits, there was a definite redistribution of the buck kill in the county,” Winkler said. 
“ At the same time, there was a de­ cline in the deer harvest, which was expected." 
Prelim inary estimates were based on a 63 per cent return of cards sent to landowners at the end of the season. 
“ If the pattern of harvesting more does continues and more young bucks are allowed to reach trophy size. the permit system s goal will have been accomplished." Winkler said. ll will be interesting to see what ef- 
1‘ects the permit system will have dor- 

C le m e n s’ girls n a m e d 

 to state to u r n e y te a m 

 mg a normal (reasonably dry) season when hunters can get into pastures without getting stuck. I suspect the mud reduced the buck kill in most of the Brush Country. 
Bad winter killed wildlife 
Wild animals, birds and fish appar­ ently suffered severe losses in the north this winter, reports Ray Card, outdoor editor of the South Bend. Ind., 
Tribune. 
“ The Indiana Department of Natural 
Resources is just beginning to get the total picture together.” he said, “ and it looks pretty bleak for mourning doves and quail, which have been found dead in large numbers through­ out northern Indiana.” 
A farmer who lives west of South 
Bend told Gard, “ I don’t think we’ve got a song bird left." Snow was still hip deep on level ground the middle of 
February. 

.Muskrats, unable to live in ponds 

 and swamps frozen all the way to the bottom have moved into barns in rural areas, searching for something to eat, and raccoons, forced out of dens by hunger, froze to death in their wea­ kened condition. 

(lard said all farm ponds eight feet or less in depth probably froze solid, killing fish. Even in lakes deep enough to keep from freezing to the bottom, fish kills are occurring. 
Deep snow on the frozen surfaces blocks sunlight, and oxygen-producing aquatic life dies. The fish suffocate from lack of oxygen. 
Even city song birds have had prob­ lems, especially in the extremely high winds, tine woman told Gard that she watched a bluejay try to eat from her feeder, but the bird couldn’t hold on in the wind. It finally fell backward into the snow . 
M a c ’s E d m o n s o n nam ed M N P 

Keith Edmonson. 6-5 M acArthur junior, was named Most Valuable 
Player in 
District 
32-AAAA 
Wednesday. 
M o st V o lu o b le P lo v e r — 
K e ith E d m o n so n 
M ocA rthur, 6 5. Jr . 
A ll-D istric t — 
Chuck S ta n le y . 6 5, Sr 
Je ff 
B ro w n . 5 9, S r .; B ill Bo n d , 5 7. J r . , a lt L e e ; 
Law ren ce Sam o'eton, 6-5, J r , and H e ro e rt Coe, 
6 3, Sr., Doth Sedum ; M ark Tom pkins. 5 IO. Sr , and Kelly Riddle, 6 I, Sr . Doth R oosevelt; 
B la ir 
Jackson , 6 3, Sr , Alam o Hoiohts. Tom H eaem ier, 
6*9, Sr., C h u rc h ill; P e te Jo h n so n , 6 1, S r, San 
M arcos. 
H onorable M ention — 
M ike H oluo and Bo n av 
L e w . M acA rth u r, Jim m y Stew art and Ed d Hat ten, Lee; Pep e Stevenson, C h u rch ill; M ik e Cue! tar, Se g u in ; Sco tt You n g. Son M a r c o s , 
P e te 
Sherwood. Alam o Heights 
B la k e is M V P in 2 9 -A A A A 
The Judson Rockets nabbed the Dis­ trict 29-AAAA honors Wednesday as 6-2 junior J c k * Blake was named the dis­ trict's Most Valuable Player and Don 
Perkins was named Coach of the Year. 

M ost Voluoble P lo ve r — 
Jo e B la k e . Jud son , Jr f ir s t Team A ll-D istrict — 
Stocv B o w ers, Ju d son, Sr.; T racv Bow ers. Judson. Sr., D ann y Co*. 
K cC o liu m , S r ,; M ik e F lo re s , So u tn So n , S r., 
G erardo Rendon, Lared o M artin , Jr . 
Second Te am — 
Ph il W evnand, M cC ollu m , Sr , 
David Nurse, Judson, J r .; M o n o U rb in a. Lare d o 
M artin, Jr .; B ru ce Batev. Lare d o N i*on, J r . ; Ja c k 
Cnnstiev, E ast Central, Sr 
H onorable M en tion — 
Roland De L a G a r/ a . 
H anandaie, S r.; R ich ard M oan , H orlandu ie. Sr.; 
V irgil Brock, South San, Sr. 

REAL ESTATE LICENSE 

 lf von held a -alet-pen-onT liccn-c on 
M as ID. IDT.’) von may be eligible for a broker s licence ss itll on In DD bonn* of approved edneatioii. W e b ase >peeial elater* for son p rovid in g TO liotir> in olds fixe (.*>) da\!». or two weekend*. rile opportunity of a lifetime, but time i* tdiort! ( all lor inform ation, catalog and schedule. 
American College of Real Estate. Inc. 

31o1 ASHM / SAH AN I OHIO T M A ! f l i t ! / »S»7> IU JOTS 

S.A. golfer 
CT? 

 tied for lead 

 setciAi to tMi u rn ss 

Bob Erikson of Sun 
Antonio tied with four other golfers with two- under-par 7os in the opening round of the 
Am erican 
Golf 
Tour 
Wednesday. 

Tied with Erikson are 
Tony Kaloustian, Curt 
Madison, Stun Stupa and 
Jim m y Wittenberg. 

Five golfers are tied for second place with a 71 including Jerry Moody of 
San Antonio. 

ROSE PENKUNIS 
Redfish 
|- legislation delayed 

EXPRESS CAPITOL BUREAU 

A U ST IN - Com mer­ cial and sports fishermen appeared in droves 
Wednesday before the 
Senate 
N atural 
R e­ sources Committee to fight over the coastal redfish. 
Their fight was cen­ tered over legislation be­ ing proposed by State 
Sen. 
A R . 
“ Bab e” 
Schwartz of Galveston to limit the redfish catch by commercial and sports fishermen. 
Schwartz/ Senate Bill 
624 is officially called the 
Texas Red Drum Con­ servation Act. 
Overharvested 

He said he proposed the measure because of evidence compiled by the 
Texas Parks and Wildlife 
Department that redfish are being over ha nested. 
After a long round of testimony, Schwartz said he would delay his bill in committee for about a week in order to make some changes. 
The legislation would restrict com m ercial fi­ shermen to a daily catch of IOO pounds of redfish and impose a slight li­ cense fee increase to sports fishermen, lim it­ ing their catch as well. 
“ A daily lim it is im ­ practical and would se- verly hurt the industry by cutting its catch by as much as one half," said 
Jim Pace, a Brownsville fish company owner. 
On the other hand, a sports fisherm an who said he had fished redfish I for over 2o years, said. 
" lf they could, commer­ cial fishermen would j catch every last redfish today and gripe about it tomorrow because there’s no more left." 
Popular 

The red drum fish is ; popular among sports fi- j shermen and is one of the most m arketable sea- j fluids in Texas. 
Bodfish are harvested along the Texas coastline mostly in the southern waters of Laguna Madre. 
The fish has provided a livelihood for com m er­ cial fishermen for years. 
Bob Kemp, fisheries director with the Parks and W ild life D epart­ ment, was the only wit­ ness to appear before the 
Committee on behalf of 
Schwartz’ legislation. 
Kemp said a recently completed fish census made by the fisheries cli- 
Alston indicates redfish are being subjected to heavy fishing pressures. 
Although the fish has not been placed on the endangered species list, 
Kemp noted, “ the classic symptoms of oxer-fishing exist.” 
“ In the past large schools of redfish were often sighted in the gulf and today they are no longer seen ” 

SPECIAL TO THE EXPRESS 
AUSTIN — Forward Rose Penkunis and guard Sylvia Godfrey of Clemens have been named to the girls’ All-State 
Tournament basketball team s by writers covering the tournament last weekend. 
Krista Irxxin of Devine made the AA 
All-Tournament team. 
Four performers in Class AAAA al! came from state champion Dallas 
South Oak Cliff, forwards Lorretta 
Lister and Anita Foster and guards 
Pam Green and Barbara Brown. All but Brown xviii return next year. 
Rounding out the eight-player AAAA squad are Ann Moon of Angleton and 
Lori Gray of Arlington. 

C L A S S A A A 
M erry Johnson, B e ck y W illiam s. Shoron Brow n 
D eed y Jo h n so n , all C a n y o n ; Je a n S m ith a n c 
San d ro H am m , both W o co M id w a y ; D o ro th y 
Ham m on, 
Saginaw 
Bosw ell; 
O w en 
Bentley 
Tuloso-Midway. 

C L A S S A A 
K ris ta Irw in . D e v in e ; C a rlo H o rn e r, Jo N e l 
Com egys, L o ri M c A d a m s. C ind y C r e s s e ts oi 
Sp e arm an ; M ichele Cooner. L yn d a L in a m anc 
Virginia Lew is, ail W aco Robinson; B re n d a Bisor 
Red Oak 

C L A S S A 
De De C a rrin g to n , Jo A nn B r a c k e e n . L ts c 
R am er, oil C oon er; P r is c illa T eal. D e an a Ste nhenson, M a ry Lo is Sh en erd . a ll D e w e y v ille , 
Debra Rankin. Ja n e t M orris, both B o rg e r Ph illip s. 
Jo y Nelson, D orris Thompson, both Cushing. 

C L A S S B 
Koren Schulte, C heryl H artm an and R osem ary 
Schulte, all N azareth; Bonnie Bu ch an an and K arlc 
Murdock, both M ay , K ath y W e s t e r n e r and Tine 
Reich, both C raw ford; Trin a Ellis, M a v b c a rl. 
SYLV IA GODFREY 
CUUUm & BORED 

 sporting goods 

L a o o 
| 

In 1976 Lancia’s superior performance beat the best ratty cars in the world. We won the Ratty 
Championship. Now you can beat inflated car prices. Your dealer has a good supply of cars and is offering unprecedented values on new 1976 models in stock. 
Test drive the 
^ 
UUm rfv. j g V g - j 

The intelligent alternative 

OO** 

MOTOR IMPORTS, INC. 
182o Broadway, San Antonio • 222-9121 

Oversea* delivery, leaking and daily lental arranged through your participating dealer. 
UtW, rd tit Vrttffi* 4 Lhvt^tots e ifm gtsiff of North 
Inc I V> 4 
Ntvkir Hoad HDfiCvdMr New Jersey o 764^ 

CATCH BIG SAVINGS 
WITH SOUTH BEND 

REG. $15.95 

SOUTH BEND * SPINNING ROD 
6 l/2 Ft., 2-Pc.f medium action rod. Glass-to- glass ferrules and double locking reel seat. 

REG. $36.95 

9 
7 

DAIWA 
MINI-CAST 
Ultra-light and balanced matching spincast outfit. 4-piece, 5-foot rod. 
Perfect trout medicine. 

$58.5o VALUE 

GARCIA** ROD & 
AMBASSADEUR 5oooB 
REEL COMPLETE 
WITH LINE 
5V2 Ft. casting rod with ceramic guides. Baitcasting reel with star drag and single grip power handle. Your choice of Stren Mono line. 

Z elw o 
REG. $26.99 

2 
1 
9 
7 

YOUR CHOICE 

I9 7 

REG. $59.99 
GARCIA 25ooC OR 45ooC 
BAITCASTING REEL 
All models feature star drag and high-speed ball-bearing retrieve. 

COMPARE AT $18.95 

9 97 

SPLIT FLARE TOP TACKLE BOX 
Tough styrene plastic box with 4 trays and 27 compartments. Easy access for fast selection. 

Tackle Box, 
3 trays & 24 compartments, Reg. $ 11.95 ... f § . 9 7 

Tackle Box, 
2 trays & 15 compartments, Reg. $ 7 .9 5.......4 .9 7 

ZEBCO^ 33XBL 
SPINCAST REEL 
Stainless steel ball-bearing drive. 
Dual ceramic pick-up pins for quick retrieve. 
REG. $42.95 
3497 

QUICK 7oo 
BAITCASTING REEL 
Heavy duty, machine gear baitcasting reel. 
Free spool action. 

D R I U J R 

REG. $49.95 

I9 7 

DAIWA • MINI ULTRA-LIGHT 
SPINNING ROO & REEL COMBO 
Ultra ultra-light skirted spool spinning reel. 
Sealed ball-bearing drive. High-speed right or left hand retrieve. Balanced with 2-pc., 
4 Va ft. rod. 
(inturn & BORCH 

NORTH STAR 
Sporting goods 
WINDSOR PARK 
3 4 4 -9 2 4 5 
MON.-FRI. IO 9 
SAT. 1o-6 

5 CONVENIENT PAYMENT PLANS. CAB CHARGE, MASTER CHARGE BANKAMERlCARO, AMERICAN EXPRESS or LAYAWAY 

653-1511 
M O N .-SAT. 1o-9 

SA N A N T O N IO EXPRESS— Thursday March 3 I 977 

125oo Broadw ay 
1218 S.W. Military Or. 

NEW HOURS' 

MON.-SAT. 1o-7 ] 

FRI. 1o-9 

CW. McCall 
THE 1o-2o for CB's is 
HARWOODS 

NO 
CHARGE 
CARDS OR 
LAYAWAYS 
ON CB S 

HARWOODS 
HAS THE 
LOWEST 
PRICES 
| ON NAME 
BRAND CBs 
I 

Vs. 
• mu > 
JAI D 
I . A M 
D 

“ luma-Oial" cHonrwl indicator, TX light ami signal/power meter ara top-mounted to a in aa*y sight (rom tho drhror's soot 
Transmitter rated for legal maximum output power with high level modulation in accordance with KC tort 95 
A 
Duval conversion superheterodyne receiver has tuned Rf stage, 9 automatic gain control, built-in automatic noise limiter, full- range variable squelch, switchable high frequency noise filter. 
Certified to KC tori 15 requirements 
PA and external CB switches, more th audio output power into 
I ohms 
"Omni-tower" operation permits installation in any 12-volt vehicle, positive or negative ground 

4o CHANNEL 

Sugg. Retail $139.95 s© 9 99* 

•With Purchase of 
Antenna or Slide Mount 
Otherwise 
$79.99 

CB TRUNK 
CB SLIDE M O U N T 
PA OR EXT 
ANTENNA 
PREVENTS THEFT 
SPEAKERS 

* 1 2 " 
S J 9 9 
$ s 
99 

AAid la n d 23 Channel 
Single Side Band M o b ile 
O r Base Unit 

MOBILE 
OR 
BASE 

89 channels with All Bands. 

LO O K AT THESE FEATURES 

Mic gain control; squelch; rf 

 gain, clarifier; mode switch for 

AM , USB, or LSB Bands; PA 

Switch, noise blanker; tone 

 control; AC or DC operation 

 for mobile or buse use. f t 

Sugg. Ret. 
$4o9.95 
1 5 9 99 

AkI D 
L 
A 
M 
D 
DELUXE 23 Channel. Full Pow er CB with Telephone Handset ti 

 rn 

23-CHAMMtl. PUU POWIS CB MOB*! WITH TUIfHONi 
TTtf NANDSII. Dual caavarsiaa recoin*# with o gain csatrai, switchable ANL. variable squelch, hi/la audie tone. Bodt-cn SW I bridge aad calibrater, lighted 
S/ftO/VSWB meter, TX light, PA aad Ixl. CB switches 

 t man et Tg ftFNT 
Speake. 4 % "x 9 V ,"»r. 

Sugg. Rbtail $279.95 
O O 
9 9 

THE 
TRUCKERS 
CHOICE 

 f t ’s ruggers, not muggers 

BRUTON 

By M IR K BRUTON 
Of THE EXPRESS STAFF 
They come from varying 
(backgrounds, races, nationa­ lities, socio-economic levels and 
[professions. 

If you meet them on the field, they 
Iwill try to knock the daylights out of you and a few hours later they will sit and have a genuinely friendly talk with 
I you over a beer. 
They are doctors, florists, engineers, 

I football coaches, computer scientists, 
I students and businessmen. 
But there is one thing they all have in common — they are winners! 
The San Antonio 
Rugby Club is an amateur, fraternal or­ ganization that has made itself known from Canada to the 
Bahamas. 
The organization is not rolling in funds. In fact, most of their ex­ penses come out of their own pockets. 
The SA RC has only two sponsors, 
Apache Distributing Company and 
Bexar County Savings. 
On the weekend of Feb. 19-2o, San 
Antonio played in one of the top rugby tournaments in the nation, with some of the best teams in the Western He­ misphere and won it. 
It was the Mardi Gras Rugby Tour­ nament in New Orleans, which limits its invitations to only eight teams. 
In the tourney was Team Canada, a touring side of high prestige, George­ town University of Washington IXC., 
Boston College, Denison College of 
Ohio, the Tulane Blue side and Green side, a team from the Bahamas and the 
South Texas ruggers. 
The SARC, defending state cham­ pions, were riding a 2o-game winning streak after the Houston Boars forfeit­ ed to San Antonio on Feb. 28. 
In Texas Rugby Union competition, the club’s official league, the SABU is 
3-o this season and has scored 98 points while allowing its opponents only four. 
The local rugby club sounds like a bunch of guys who rigidly sticks to training rules, hard work and concen­ trates solely on playing and winning the games. 
Not exactly, because when you get around these guys you quickly learn the winning instinct and competitive attitude is there but ranked way above 

E X iC U T IV i 26 
THI PERFORMANCE R A D IO 
BUILT O N THE F A M O U S C O B R A 
29 CH A SSIS PLUS RF G A IN 

 c o b r a ars 

 av t*. 
<£> kb 

23 CHANNELS Of MAXIMUM POWER 
Tba Cobra 2b k eattod "Th* Porte******* labia ' bateau pre lainraal batara prabat bra 241 (ap colob tooter#* aob pad* ct. brat drat* bra bet ira bib able atua brat frag (AM), o gal frat, baba Toot. Memraoted bara##/* Mater. 
- iifra graal obi ii r hilIijb amdt much a 
RwTDwU iMpliSLSupra*® OTMWW" - ” ***•” w rauraaw ar 

SUH 
*21* *599 
* 9 9 

Tira Cobra 2b fe ra® * at Maxima* legal paw*, aob annul 
M arana mat What a ready moans la you a mara amay ak re um at you* a apa* an aw ta* ta* you* tab why Ma Cab.* 2b it bra nan barb at campons** »* bra Citua** Boob two-way .ab** industry 

OUANTIIItS UMirtO 

NO RAM CMfCMS 

CMAB6I CARIO, LAYAWAYS 

'* 
^ f 
'.Y 
. , i fc. - 

SARC p lays intra-squad m atches with the sam e intensity as a re g u la r g a m e , w hich h e lp s k e e p the injury rate extrem ely high p h o to by ric h a rd c r o w th e r 

 all is fun and brotherhood. 
Sounds a little corny, but it is true. 
Steve Ewing, a 26-year-old engineer who plays the wing for SARC, vividly describes the comradery that grips the soul of every member of this outfit. 
“ It s really addictive,” exclaimed 
Ewing. “ When I first came to San An­ tonio about three years ago, someone told me to come and watch a rugby game. I didn’t know the first thing about the sport. 
“ But before I knew it I was out there playing. It s an incredibly friendly bunch of guys,” he added. 
Bob Collins, a data processing manager, described the rugby club as a form of escape. “ We’re just a bunch of guys who want to get away from the work world every once and a while and 

 go out and have fun. I f s a social thing.” 
Collins went further, explaining that the togetherness of the organization exte: farther than the playing field. 
“ The injury rate is extremely high in rugby," he said. “ Some of the older guys end up being referees after being 
I .S. w ins 

Q U EBEC (A P ) - The 
United States downed 
Norway 1o-7 and Sweden defeated previously un­ beaten 
Canada 
1o-4 
Wednesday in a fourth round games of the 
World .Junior Curling 
Championships at Laval 
University. 

 hurt so much, hut they still remain a part of the team. 
G ra d y H o c rm a n n , a f o r m e r All- 
S o u th w e s t C o n feren ce m id d le lin e ­ backer at Texas A&M, said, “ You want to do som ething after you get out of college and most people turn to tennis or jogging hut rugby is a good sport. 
A top contributor on the San Antonio side, Hoermann also commented, “ It s every bit as rough as football and it s exciting for everyone that plays be­ cause anyone can score. ’ 
Competition 
Larry Gallego, the SARC’s answer to the Dr. .I of rugby, said, “ The whole thing about rugby is to get people out there to compete, and then later, talk to them and enjoy their company. 
“ You might knock the hell out of them in the game, hut once that game is over you sit down and have a beer with them.” 
Gallego, who scored 28 points in the 
Mardi Gras tourney, was voted to the 
Western All-Star team by the U.S. 
Rugby Union this past season. 
Hoermann, who played with greats like Dave Elm endorf of the Los 
Angeles Rams and Brad Dusek of the 
Washington Redskins while at Texas 
A&M, threw in this comment about 
Gallego. “ He’s probably got as much ability as anybody I played with in college.” 
Modest 
Gallego, who played on the nation s top collegiate rugby team in 1972. 
Texas A&M, was very modest about his achievements. 
“ I score so much because I ’m a kicker. Kickers get a chance to score on conversions like in football and penalty kicks if they’re in range of the goal. 
If you want to see about 35 or 4o rugged, friendly gents, then go out to the Olmos Park athletic field on any 
Tuesday or Thursday afternoon or Sa­ turdays when home games are scheduled. There you will find the San 
Antonio Rugby Club.__________________ 

OPEN l l AM-3 AM 
Paris-Rubb 
2854 H u n ter's G reen 
(Off of VK . Milliard ll«». ■ Out-idr O h limit-) 
PRICE TO (.rn 
492-2994 

Shapc-ls Itc-auliful G irin-—Fee l B e tte r Fan! 

Kuhn, 
Finley meet 

D A LL A S 
(A P ) 
— 
Baseball Commissioner 
Bowie Kuhn met with 
Oakland 
A ’s owner 
Charles Finley for almost three hours Wednesday to determine whether the sale of reliever Paul 
Lindblad to the Texas 
Rangers was a part of 
Finley plan to liquidate his assets. 
Kuhn said he would have a decision promptly on the legality of the matter. 
“ I would not make a decision today, but it could be tomorrow,” said 
Kulm when asked whether the SCHUMM) deal for the left-hander 
Lindblad stands. 

Optimist 
Both Finley and Texas 
Ranger vice president 
Fddie Robinson were op­ timistic that the Lindblad sale would go through. 
“ 'l our guess is as good as mine, hut I didn't come out with any scars, did I? " said Finley. 
Finley lawyer Neil Pa- piano said, "we are more confident he (Lindblad) w ill lie a Ranger,” 
Papiano said the meet- ing “ was an extension of the vendetta going on against Mr. Finley. Fin ­ ley wanted Kulm re­ placed as commissioner and Kuhn wants Finley out of baseball.” 

No vendetta 
Kulm said. “ It would take a little time to eva­ luate the evidence to see if the Lindblad sale is part of a Finley plan to liquidate his player as­ sets. There is no vendetta against Mr. Finley. 
"The issue is whether 
Lindblad is part of a plan lo liquidate the club.” 
The meeting was held on the lith floor of a 
Dallas hotel at the airport in a circus-like atmosphere with some 3o reporters and photo­ graphers sprawled out side the two doors of the room. 
The reporters took turns peering through a peephole and some picked up parts of con­ versations listening at 
Hie door. . 
Papiano said that the hearing “ was ludicrous. 
There is no reason why the Lindblad sale should not Im1 approved. The li­ quidation thing is a fig­ ment of (K u h n 's) im a­ gination You never know what the commissioner will do.” 

GLOBE 

7142 N. SA N PEDRO AVE. & 
238 S.W. M ILITARY DR. 

Service Center Hours 
Monday-Fridoy 9-9 
Saturday 9-6 
Closed Sundays 

DUNLOP 
4 FULL PLY* 
POLYESTER CORDS! 

SERVICE CENTER AT 
492o FREDERICKSBURG RD. 
OPEN 9 TO 6 MON. THRU SAT: 
88 

SIZE: 
A78-13 
56o-15 

B78-13 
6oo-15 

C7S-13 
878-14 
C78-14 
E78-14 

F78-14 
G78-14 
G78-15 

FED. 
EXC. TAX: 
1.72 
1.77 

1.82 
1.81 

H78-14 
H78-15 

1.97 
1.9o 
2.o1 
2.23 

2.37 
2.53 
2.59 

2.73 
2.79 

WHITE 

PLUS 

ONLY 
3.oo 
EACH! 

ADD MUES O f WEAR! 
WHEEL 
ALIGNMENT! 

 tat Our tx part* 
Sal (ambar, 
Cottar R Ta*. 
Skuas A Lobar t 
7 
88 

Mott U.S. cart. Portt 

 extra if needed. 

2 
^ 
8 
8 
* 
* 
J78-1S 
2.96 
178-15 
3.o9 
INSTALLATION 
INCLUDED! 

Ny rating* ar* tba manufacturer s ratings 4 specification*. 

“ WMT!! MTRX 

Extra Savings on Pirelli 
Motorcycle Tiresl 

2o% Off OUR REGULAR LOW PRICE ON 
ANY SIZE IN STOCKI 

DUNLOP TRUCK TIRES! 

 sizt: 
PJL* uc iu peter 

H7S-IS 
4 
35o 51.88 

174-14 
I 
3 t i 
59.88 

1o-15** 
4 
4.11 59.1o 

11-15** 
4 
4.4o 69.88 
STEEL BELTED RADIALS 

I.BM-144 I 3.44 
71.18j 

4.7SB I4.5 I 4 19 
76.88 

9 SBB 14.5 I 4.93 
16.881 

•My rating* ara lira manufacturers rating* I sprat Ii* attorn. 
*'Baited Wk*ta tatter* 

DUNLOP BELTED GT 
QUALIFIER TIRE! 
2 POLYESTER CO RDS plus 2 FIBERGLASS BEITSI 

SlZli 
PID 

UC. TAX: 
PBKl: 
47o-13 
1.94 
32.88 

17o-13 
111 
34.88 

17o-14 
2.47 
31.88 

P7o-I4 
2.41 
42.88 

67o-14 
2.71 
46.88 

67o-15 
2.14 
47.88 

14o-13 
2.15 
37.88 

14o-14 
2 44 
41.88 

BAiSiD WMT! U n its! 

SHOCK ABSORBERS! 
WARRANTEED AS LONG AS YOU OWN THE 
CARI* 
A Shock for Every Need! 

PREMIUM 
HEAVY oUTY: 
Adjust ta 
Road 
Con­ dolent 
Automatically 

I 

 poratures. 

 rara UTILIZERS: 
O O Progress*** rata spring 

S 

 ud* sway and 

 camlart and sofa ty ta your car (Irani ar rears). 

Shock* Rapiered Miff rf it fads, mstallad 

FBI! if wa iattaHad it, epa* rater* ta any af our Aula Cantar* 
Silas ta Rf Matt U S Cara, Imparted Cars ar Pick-up Trucks leper I Installation it 

DRUM BRAKE 
PACKAGE! 

All 4 Wheels! 

 i Install MW linings, front 

Great# Seals 4 Return Spr 
IMI 

> Turn Drums I 

Wheel Cylinders 

I Poi* flout Whoa! Iran togs 

4 Weed Hydraulic Systaai 

 ie CUM I lube Backing 

Plaits 4 Adjust Parking 
Blok#* 

Inspect I tub* Serf Ad| usting Mechanism 4 In sped 
Master 
Cyltndar 

Bood Test (ar Ira Vofety 

YOUR 
CHOICE 
OF 
EITHER 
PACKAGE 
FOR 
ONE 
PRICE! 
69 

For most U S. 
Cars or light Trucks. 

FRONT DISC 
BRAKE 
PACKAGE! 
Front Di$c 
Brakes Only. 

► Install WW front Dm 

Br abas Pads, front Beak# 
Hoi durra* 4 baas# Soots 

I Rabuildtng front Cakpats 

 t Turn front Dm Rotors 

 i Pack front Wheal Soarings 
I (ired Hydroukc System 

I In sped Master (ylmdw 4 

Baw Brokes - Rood lest 
(w fra Safety 

Your Ic ako System will ba katpactod — rf any additional wark ar parts ara Doodad, you'll ba (termed bafaro wark bagios 

PKIK I N J E C T I O N A T PWO O B L IG A T IO N ! 

SIZE; 
PID 

U C TAX: 
PBKl: 

BAO 14 
2.12 
43.88 

64o-14 
3.o7 
46.88 

14o-14 
3.54 
56.88 

T4o-I5 
2.93 
45.88 

64o IS 
3.o4 
45.88 

14o-1S 
3.7o 
56.88 

Typhoon Steel Dish Wheels 

High Parlor mama look I Brilliant Chroma Plated, fit# drum ar disc brakas .. mast U S. ar Imported Cora, 

 trucks ar BV*. Deep Dish V ant ad Design 

Pet oh*al, un 14x6 ( • 14- 
4ooo) Piru includes chroma cap 
Pm# pius spacial mounting nuts, 
Pass 
4 Pi per wheel, slightly 

 higher Ira trucks ar BVs 

 fUU UNI ATALLAH! AT 

COMP ABA BL! LOW PR ICH 
28 
88 

Rivers, Yanks settle their differences 

ASSOCIATED PRESS 
FORT LAUDERDALE, Fla. 
— The New York Y ankees 
Wednesday reached an under­ standing with disgruntled out­ fielder Mickey Rivers but or­ dered holdout reliever Sparky 
Lyle to report immediately to camp. 

Rivers was the cause celebre Tues­ day when he said he was being hassled and wanted to be traded. 
A 15-minute meeting with Yankee 
Manager Billy Martin and President 
(>abe Paul Wednesday apparently smoothed over the situation. 
“ Any misunderstanding has been cleared up.” said Paul. who says he has no intention of trading his fleet center fielder. “ I don’t anticipate anv problems with M ickey?’ 
“ I don’t want to be traded,” said 
Rivers. “ We talked about things. We came to a conclusion and I feel a lot better.” 
Lyle. 32, is not happy with his con­ tract following his PITH season, in which he had 23 saves— tops in the 
American League— a 7-8 record and a 
2.23 earned run average. 
Because of inconsistency, he was not used much in the late season or in postseason play. 
On Wednesday, the Yankees sent a telegram to Lyle's New Jersey home, saying they were renewing his contract and directing him to report to camp immediately. 
Paul declined to discuss Lyle's ren­ ewed contract, but it was believed the lefthanded pitcher’s salary was cut the, maximum 2o per cent. 
Lyle is one of nine unsigned 
Yankees. 
(Cardinals 
ST. P K T E R S B t’RG, Fla. (A P ) - 
Right-hander Larry Dierker will be on the mound for the St. Louis Cardinals* 
March 12 exhibition baseball opener against the New York Mets, the Car­ dinals said Wednesday. 
Dierker, the former mainstay of the 
Houston Astros, also is a prime candi­ date for the “ stopper” role in this year's bullpen, said pitching coach 
Claude Osteen. 
Thirty-nine players reported to the club's first full-scale spring training workout Wednesday, including new arrivals Je rry Mumphrey, Hector 
Cruz. and 
Tony 
Scott—all outfielders—and infielder Je rry l)e- 
\ anon. 
Only rookie infielder Esteban Cas­ tillo. stranded in tin* Dominican Re- bublic with visa problem s, was missing, the National League club said. 
O rio le * 
M IAM I (A P ) — Ken Singleton ar­ rived at the Baltimore Orioles’ spring training camp Wednesday and an­ nounced he would not begin workouts until he has signed a contract. 
Singleton said that he was close to agreeing on a five-year baseball con­ tract and would meet Thursday with 
General Manager Hank Peters. The 
2o-year-old right fielder is due to begin working out Friday. 
Singleton has led the club in hitting in each of the last two years. 
In another contractual matter, the 
Orioles annoucned that pitcher Rudy 
May was not actually signed. May was supposed to have signed a thrceyeur contract during the offseason. 
D odg er* 
YERO BEACH, Flu. (A P ) - Tommy 
John, who made a brilliant comeback in the 1976 baseball season, signed a oneyear contract Wednesday for 
$1oo,ooo, and immediately took part in tin* Dis Angeles Dodgers workout. 
John. 33. had wanted a three-year contract but the Bulgers refused. By signing for the one year. John, with 13 

 years in the majors, can. at his option. become a free agent at the close of the season. 
Manager Tommy Lasorda said he was impressed with the physical con­ dition of his club, citing only a few players slightly overweight. 
Newcomers Rick Monday and Mike 
Carman are two that Lasorda has asked to shed some weight. 
Tin* club's first intra-squad game will be Saturday. 

M el* 
ST. P E T E R S B U R G , Fla. (A P ) - 
The New York Mets' biggest problem this spring will be trying to put an outfield together. Manager Joe Frazier said Wednesday. 
“ A lot of it depends on the kid. Lee 
Mazzilli," Frazier said following a two-hour workout. “ We know he can catch a fly ball and he can run. We’ll have to wait and see how much he hits. lf he makes it, we are set in center and that will solve one of our big prob­ lems.” 
Mazzilli commanded a $3o,ooo bonus after being the club's No. I draft choice in June 1973. 
At Jackson, Miss., last year. Lee hit 
.292 with 13 homers, drew 111 bases on balls and stole 28 bases. 
In a 
September look with the Mets he bat­ ted .193 but hit two homers and stole five bases. 
P ira te * 
BRADENTON, Fla. (A P ) - Pitts­ burgh Pirate W illie Stargell says he thinks players who sign multi-year contracts owe it to their clubs and their fans to play their best baseball consis­ tently. 
“ Security can be good.” the 15-year veteran said as the Pirates began their first full-scale spring training drills 
Tuesday. 
“ But it’s up to each player who has signed for more than one year to use his integrity. It would be very bad for the game, for instance, if a player with a three-year contract took advantage and took it easy his first year.” 
The 36-year-old first baseman has always worked under a one-year con­ tract. Last year, when he hit a disap­ pointing .237, he reportedly was paid 
$165,ooo. 

A stro * 
COCOA. Fla. (A P ) — The Houston 
Astros announced Wednesday pitcher 
James Rodney Richard and outfielder 
Leon Roberts have signed their 1977 baseball contracts. 
The signings leaves only three un­ signed players on the 4o-man spring roster. They are infielder Rob An­ drews. catcher Joe Ferguson and pitcher Doug Konieczny. 

Hed So x 
W IN T E R H A V E N . Fla. ( A P ) - 
Ferguson Jenkins, the Boston Red Sox’ veteran pitcher attempting to come back from a torn achilles tendon, suffered a setback in training 
Wednesday ln*cause of soreness and swelling in his ankle. 
Dr. Thomas Tierney, the Red Sox’ physician, advised the 33-year-old 
Jenkins to rest the ankle for a few days. 

W h ite Sox 
SARASOTA, Fla. ( A P ) — Richie 
/ask. disturbed at the lack of move­ ment in contract efforts with the Chi­ cago White Sox, said Wednesday that he doesn’t feel the American League baseball club wants to sign him. 
“ I honestly don’t think they’re going to try to sign me. Maybe they only want me for one year,” said Zisk. “ It looks to me like the year of rent* aplayer over here.” 
HS Baseball 

 rdv 
I 
4 
J 
8 
9 
I f orreo 
P e n a 

H A R L A N D A L !- I, J E F F E R S O N I 
(F iv e mn., d o n u t***) ananda!® 
OO® O I— J 
J 
I 
[•tiffvon 
o1o OO—I 
I 
J 
S a v o r ta. O M eaon (41 and M o v o . / e rd a and ovi*cn 
. 
. 
H ighlights: 
H ario n d aie scored in int* lop of int* 
.in oat Jefferson (Ouidn t Dai rn m e bottom of lf inning L in a g e o1 darkness 
Je ffe rso n scored n donate steat venue H a rio n d a ie ta llie d on a a ,te d doh 
L A N IE R *. K E N N E D Y * 
IOO OOO o — 
JIO I U I - 
Pena, 
Ju are z 
(St 
V illa rre a l 
* end r w a ana Cnetwood 'N — L e y v a 11 OI. L 
, ii h r — Lam er, Beiovoskv 
Highlights; 
Josepn Betovos. v hit a mr et-run liner in me *i*th inning BH ovO skv went J 4 tor ie Vo**. 
A N T O N IA N I M A C A R T H U R o lur Ar m ar 
OOO OOO o - o nlonKin 
®®® 
*® * -• 
W en er, 
Clum * 
4 
Lan d 
(VI and YI/hee less, m. ne. anti *aro 
N • Mo. , r 
( IO ) I 
Wooer 
B H 
B o ld o M ae vt tunned .*,ne. -laired lowr if* rtu'oui get*, support from P in e H m oiosa with ? 2 nd I R b t and Jon JA a ra w *n 2 J 
ST G E R A R D S ». M E M O R IA L 4 t G e rard % 
M I ZJ® o — 9 
I J 
I 
W inona! 
1oo o2o 1 
4 
8 
J 
Jo e .rte and Responder, B aym an * G allegos ( t i. 
.. unu (41. G oad ta no (21 and G u e rra . C isneros bl W 
Jo e .r te (IO ). L 
Bo sn ian * (o l l M R - s i 
.e rg td s 
Rolond Rodriguez (?>. 1st, solo im , uio 
M em orial 
Steve Guodiono. 2m, solo 
Ro n a u t/ J *> 'or Royals and I P B I. C h arlie M e a th 
4 
Tom m y Zam ora J 4, MumDerto C e rv e ra 2 4 lUOdKJt'O ted M inutem en with J 4 Be n n y A lem an 
4 C anos G u e rra 2 J 
C E N T R A L C A T H O L IC 2, F O X T E C H 2 e(h 
2o4 o1o - 2 
9 
I eiiti ut 
2(JO — 2 
9 
C arin ae and lo p e r Moreno, Sancne* ( J ) , tngleit 
J ) , G a rc ia (41 and Sons 
H igh ligh ts 
Tech sco ied tying run in m in on 
,>ur(Day s single sn eerin g in Deigudo G am e w as atwo utter si* innings D elouse of darkn ess 
S A M H O U S T O N I, E A S T C E N T R A L I i ast Central 
(jew iou o — 
J 
J 
*om Houston 
o*® o* * * ' ' 2 
L 
Hill. 
Stotonic) 
(61 and 
West 
M ore s 
Jendrusch 'N - Flores l l OI I —Win *o ll 
Highlights 
E io ie s nit a solo hom er in the fifth or Sam Houston 
The C net cre e s e *e .u te d a pair ii double steals lo account for hie other runs 

S E G U IN I, A U S T IN A N D E R S O N I lader son 
DIO OOO O i l 
I legato 
(XKI OJI r — J 
4 
J 
B ry an t and H end ricks. Trets and Tristan 
N - 
M e l* (IO ) I - B ry a n t (o 11 H R 
Seguin 
H u m s 
H ighlights 
M arvin C la ik s two run hom er iii ne tilth p ro vid ed the w inning m a rg in 
B o o e d durns * n o ir cd rn the final run ut the si*th with a 
(ipte f le is threw lust 2v pitches 

M C C O L L U M 8, H O L M E S J 
Mc Collum 
oo2 OO? 2 — 4 
4 
J 
Moiii.es 
DOI Oo2 o — 3 
9 
I 
Gun/ales and M iD ougie 
Compote and M orales 
VV 
G o n z a le s ( 1 o1 
L - C o m p o io ( O I I 
H R — 
Holm es 
E d A r o n a t i l , 2th. solo 

H O L Y C R O S S I. E D G E W O O D I 
Holy Cross 
2'o O JI 
— 2 
6 
E doe wood 
o1o OOO — I 
I 
Gusm an ond Gonzales Baiza, lo a rra (S I and Sit 
Dos, 
C ava 
(6). 'N - G U S M A N a 
o) L - B A IZ A 
(1o1, H R — Holy Cross, Gonzales 
H ighlights: 
Gusm an went 2 2 and Gonzales 2 J tor the Knights Gonzales tn re e ru n hom er com e in the 4th inning G usm an tanned I? with G u tierrez getting t nae wood s only nit G am e ta ile d after sn 
Delouse ot darkness, 
L E E S, J U D S O N 4 
Judson 
ZOO 2oo 
o — 4 
4 
* te e 
OOI IOO 3 - 4 
U 
- 
Hohensee and H untsm an; Ferguson and Beck in c* N — Ferguson (IO ) 
L — Honensee (O II 
H igh ligh ts: 
O sborne and B e ek m an each hod run scoring doubles in the seventh tor Lee 
F e r 
Duson s single, m ockin g in Rockett, clin ch ed the gam e for the Vol* 
S O U T H S A N 4. N E W B R A U N F E L S J 
New Braun fels 
OO? OOO 
I — J 
2 
South San 
OOO 
21o I — 4 
4 
M artinez and RobmeM 
Tousch (6 ); D e L a G a rz a ond Bresmo. 'N — D e La G arz a ( I OI L — M artin ez 
(o ll 
H igh ligh ts 
D e La G a rz a struck out IO lor Sooth 
Su n 
He a ls o sea ed the w in n in g ru n in th e s e v e n th 
H e sin g le d , m o v e d to s e c o n d on sat rifle#, advanced to third on a passed ban and stored on on error 
J A Y I, W H E A T L E Y S 
W heatley 
OOI >2o f 
Jo y 
M3 
2o3 k 
R am ite z , Su arez (4 ) and M o lin o , 
Norwood (2) and K earn ey 
L 
Ram irez ( b l ) . H R —Ja y 
3rd, two on. 

- 4 
IO 
- 
8 
8 
D ag en o is 
'N — Q agenois * I o 
W oody W oodruff. (2 

Thursday’s Games 

3 
I and 

R E G U L A R S E A S O N 
East Central at Edison. 4 IS. 
South San West a l Highlands. 4 14, 
To* Tech at A lam o Heights, 4 14 
W heatley vs. Roosevelt, BA C , 4:14, 
Churchill vs. Holm es, B A C , 2 JO 
Blanco at Ban d era, 4 14 
South San al St G e ra rd s. 4 14 

T O U R N A M E N T S 
U valde 

D Hums vs E a g le Pass, 4 p m 

Com bined New B rau n fe ls N E C a n y o n 
D ivision I 
At Unicorn Stadium — Son M arco s vs 
Austin 
Travis noon 
New B ro u ille '* vs Austin S F A 
2 3o 
P in 
N B Canyon vs Seguin, 2 JO p m 
D ivision ll 
Al Com al P a rk —Kennedy vs 
C anvon 
J V 
IO a m ' Cole vs 
A u stin T ra v is J V , 12: J® p m , 
Smithson V alley vs New Braun fels JV , J p rn 
Al Unit arn Stadium - H ays vs Austin S F A JV , 
4 p in 
I 

Fredericksburg 
Boerne vs 
Fred erick sb u rg Jv, I® a m . Holy 
C a s s vs 
K e rrv ille T iyy, I?: Is p m ; first two losers play al 2 JU p m .; lu s t two w inners play at 
4 44 p m. 

SAN ANTONIO EXPRESS— Thursday March 3 1977 
H 

Full warranty for as long as you own the vehicle 

 lf SteadyRider shock absorber fails while the original purchaser owns the car, it will be replaced upon return free of charge, or the purchase price will be refunded, lf the defective shock absorber was installed by 
Sears, we will install the new shock absorber with no charge for labor. 

Save s3, Sears 
Steady Rider shocks 
o 9 9 

 p a n h 
S A L E 

R e g u la r $12.99. Sears Best h eavy­ duty shooks help your ear give a com fortable ride in any weather. 
W arranted for as long as you own your ear. Sizes available to fit most 
Ameriean-made ears and m any im ­ ports. 
Fast, low-cost installation available. O n sale thru M ar. 5. 

Battery p e rfo rm an ce characteristics rated fo r pow er accord in g 

 to Battery C o u n cil In te rn atio n al standards (G r o u p 2 4 C ) 

Cold c ran k in g pow er 

4 1 o am p*. 

R f i e r v e capacity 

1 1 2 m inute* 

Am p. h o u r capacity 

67 

N um ber of platen 

66 
Power-rated Sears 
48 auto battery 

I -speed Scissor- 

 tvp e A x le Ja c k 
9«>«> 

Regular £ I I .UU 

I .ill- ii|i to 
P i tim -. 

H .ii-r - (nail fro m *» to 

I I 1 * in . T x .v in . lut-e. 
I-to-1 (p a r ra tio . 

O n >a It* thru M ar. 12 

R e g u la r 8 1 o .9 9 w ith trade-in. 
Replace now anti get a battery with excellent cold cranking power, plus reserve capacity for accessories. 
A vailab le with side or top terminals. Sizes to fit most Am erican-m ade car*. Save now ! 

S a le p ric e iii e ffe ct th ru S a t., M a r. 12 

S A L E 
329 9 
W ith trade-in 

Sca rs . . . H o m e o f the D ie h a r d ", now available fo r V o lk sw a g e n s 

Save *1, dual oil filter 

R e gu lar #2.99 
J 

O uter filter rleana oil first 
. . . then inner filter traps what outer m iisei. 

O n -ale thru Mur. It) 

Nears A ir F ille r 
I lid|ts Tra|t D irt 

R e gu lar #2.66 
J 

H i IJ »-• r a r lm r e tiir gr-t p ro p e r a m o u n t of a ir it n eeiM to su p p ly i n u tile e ffic ie n tly . 

 t i n -ale thru \p ril 2 

Sale on sound needs 

Save $35 on A M - F M / M P X 8-track p layer 

Fits iii <la*h of most late model G M 
U 
Q 
9 9 and Ford ears. No cutting or drilling. 

Save $3 on Jensen 5-in. round speaker kit 

5-inrh diameter woofer for recess or 
I Q 9 9 surface mount. Kit with two speakers. 
JL © 

Save $3o, underdash stereo cassette p layer 
Has a u to m a tic reverse p lu s fast 
/ T ^ 
9 
9 

 fo rw a r d . 

Save $5 on Jen sen dual speaker kits 
6x9-in. woofer or 5‘/4-in. woofer each 
9 9 with a 2Vi-in whizzer cone. 
29 

Sale prices in effect thru Sat., M ar. 5 

SAVE *26 to *5o on 
Set o f 4 

Steel Guardsman 
Radial 

A R7R-13 w h itew all am i o bi tire 
378 4 

 p lu s $ 1.99 
Federal 
Excise 'la x 

B ig su \in g '! 2 steel belts plus 2 polyester rad ial plies help gi>e re- 

 spoiisi\e han dling, traetion anti 

 long tread m ileage. 

Bra** Tart l.aard.aa.n Martial 
•ad uid Urr 

M. ifutar 
M V I -•ch 
*hMr*all 

Ka* im,- rarh ah..-*HI 
1 *o . I rn tin ' 

I 
VR 78-1 :i 
8 El.32 
37.81 
1,99 j 

H R 78 -K l 
817.22 
4o. IE 
2 .o 6 | 

I 
D R TH-11 
*1 9 .8 3 
1 2 1 6 
2.38 

K R TH-1 1 
*33 .83 
45.76 
2.47 

 j 
I R T H -l l 
*5 7 .1 9 
48.61 
2.65 I 

• 
I, R T H -11 
862.o2 
32.72 
2.85 j 

> ll H TH -11 
19,7 VK 
L 
5* » ‘ 
3.o4 J 

M . H 7 8 - I S 
#65.7o 
55.85 
2.9o 1 

 i 
H R 78-13 
#69.81 
59.31 
3.11 

[ I R T H -IS 
• H I,5 6 . 
J 
1 ” 
- 
3. E l j 

Wide 7o series 
4-ply polyester highway tires 

A7o-13 Blackwall aud old tire 

 plus $1.96 

F .E .T . 

Raised w hite letters am i w ide TO series p ro file gi\e 

 this tire that sharp, sporty look ! I .ow prices. 

I m ,, r* B i 7o 
MrftNdTW 
47o-13 

17o-11 
FTO-11 

G T I M I 

H 7 o -II 
<*7o-13 
H m is 

V*n PvWr 
H w s . , a. 

4 o .o o 

 et,. 
4 E T I 

 in. oo 
•Mi.no 

M M M ) 
11.oo 

 t i.O O 
12-oo 

1.9o 
| if 
2-38 
I ..r n . 
2,9o 
2.83 
1.oo 

M o u n tin g and ro ta tio n in clu d e d 

A*k About Sear* C re d it Fla n * 

Sears 
Where America shops 

I Tostulus* n PUi t * M itre 
N ilc iU d al N avarro 

V u lo m o lisr 228-1328 l ire* 228-1493 
Mon. am i Ttiur*. 7:3o-9 lu r*., Wed.. Ir i.. Sal. Ti.HMi 

P ric e * (rood thru Sat., A p ril 2nd. 

M ilita ry O r . S t o r e 

 a l l* te a * a n lo n Rd. 

E u t o iu o lis e 2 2 8 - 3 o 2 8 

T I r e s 2 2 8 - 5 o 9 3 

M o n . th r u S a l. 
8-9 

 t -Mitral P a rk Store 
Sail Pedru al L o o p I IO tu io n io tise 228-3 12K f ire* 228-3193 
M on. thru Sal. 
8 - 9 

Truck Tire t r ille r 
I I I I Y H ackberry 
228-19o1 
M on thru "a l. 
7:3o-3:1o 

 e A K S, lit ii hi I K A N H Ct). 

Satibfaction ti un ra n ked or Your M oney Back 

X F It . l lR t IR IIO O D S T O R K S (moot U n it* and nervier* n h o su a h o al N eigh bo rh o od M ore *) 
. 

I rutrr*a l Lits 
\ a lie s-lii 
Til 1-531 I 
9o2 Ha oilers Rd. 
132-2391 
I KIM) S. W W . W h ile Rd. 
333-291o 
11)33 P a l H o o k e r Rd. 
658-7 191 

H ★ 
SAN ANTONIO EXPRESS— Thursday March 3 1977 

I O S H M A M S Sporting Goods 

SHOP M O N D A Y & THURSDAY ’TIL 9 P.M. 

Cage scores 

* s > 

N e * . ' * > 

Iii MS 

 t r i p l y 

FAMOUS MAKER 
DENIM JEAN 
SEPARATES 
Wide variety of styles in jeans. 
Pre-washed denims, some no-fault styles. Sizes 4 to 18. 
Tops sizes petite, small, medium, and large. 

DENIM JEANS 
Reg. 12.oo to 21.oo 
8.99 to 15.99 

M b m B B Jh 

< 
X 
DENIM BIG TOP 
AND VESTS 
Reg. 12.oo and 14.oo 
8.99 

DENIM BLAZER 
Reg. 22.oo 
16.99 

 rn 
OSHMAMS Sporting Goods 
7*7 NORTH W E ST LOOP 41o 
Phone 342-4281 
B etw een S an P e d ro & B lanco R oad f A cross From C en tral P a rk Mall} 

. O P E f M A M O S HfVI A M ’S C H A R G E O R U S E Y O U R S A N K A M E R I O A R O O R M A S T E R C H A R G E 

W e d n e sd a y s College Basketball 
R esults 
T E X A S T E A M S 
P o n A m e ric a n 86, N orth T e x a s 
State TI 
O T H E R T E A M S 
Boll St. 77, E. M ic h ig a n 61 
M c N e e se 74 C e n te n ary 71 
M ia m i, O hio 76, B o w lin g G reen 
66 
N ortheastern 84. B oston U. 77 
N o w 81, SI. F ra n c is N Y. 76 
Toledo 92, Kent St. 81 
C alvin 93, H ope 6o 
M id d le b u ry 83, R e n sse la e r 7o 
F a ir m o n t St. 93, W. V ir g in ia 
W esl 83 
A kro n 86, E. Illinois 71 
Albion 72, O livet 63 
M e rrim a c k 114, B a b so n 88 
Boston St. 1o1, Tufts 9o 
A m h e rst IOO, N o rw ic h 69 
W. M ic h ig a n 75, O hio U 63 
Bow doin 86, B ra n d e is 83 
G ra n d V alie v 76, S a g in a w V o l­ ley 62 
P o tsd a m St 88, C la rk so n 57 
H u n t s v ille 59, B i r m in g h a m - 
Southern 58 
N. C a rd tin a -C h o rlo tie 84, M a r ­ shall 8o 
C le v e la n d St. 73, C in c in n a t i 
X a v ie r 65 
T O U R N A M E N T S 
E C B L 
First Round 
M a ssa c h u se tts 78, R u tg e rs 74 
V ille n o va 8o, G e o rg e W a sh in g ton 72 
Q uarter-finals 
D u au e sn e 65, P e n n SI. 55 
W. V irg in ia 66, P ittsb u rg h 54 
Southern Conference 
C h am pionship 
V M I 69, A p p a lac h ia n SI 67. O T 
E X A C Southern 
O ld D o m in io n 8o, G e orgetow n, 
D C. 58 
E C A C Upstate 
S y ra c u se 85, St. B o n a ve n tu re 72 
Sunbelt Conference Q ualifying 
Ja ckso n ville 64. S F lo rid a 49 
Mo. Volley Conference 
Sem ifinals 
W ichita St 67, D ra k e 63 
N A IA Playo ffs 
D istrict 6 
Ch am pionship 
N e w b e rry 84. C oastal C a ro lin a 
7o 
Sem ifinals 
, 
C oastal C a ro lin a 73, E rs k in e 66 
N e w b e rry 84, M a r s Hill 75 
District ll 
Cham pionship 
H a stin g s 92, K e a rn e y SI 89 
District 12 
Ch am pionship 
M ou n t M a rty 7o. M in ot SI 6o, O T 
D istrict 13 
Cham pionship 
A u g s b u rg 36. M in n e so ta M o r r is 
33 
District 14 
C h am pionship 
W is. P a r k s i d e 68, W is . - E a u 
C la ire 58 
D istrict 18 
C la r io n 1o3, P it t s b u r g h J o h n ­ stown 9o 
D istrict 19 
F in als 
S e rin g G ard en, P a 63, Lin c o ln 
6o 
D istrict 21 
Tri State 57, F ra n k lin 56 
D istrict 22 
Ch am pionship 
Central St 68, M a lo n e 62 
D istrict 24 
Ch am pionship 
L in c o ln M o m . U n iv. 83, C h r is 

 tian B ro s Col 61 
Distr ict 25 
C h am pionship 
P a in e 84, Piedm ont 8o 
D istrict 29 
Ch am pionship 
C am pbell 89, E lizab e th C ity 75 
D istrict 3o 
Ch am pionship 
A lc o rn St. 8o. L o u isia n a Col. 76 
D istrict 31 
C h am pionship 
D o w lin g 75, M o n m o u th 73, 2 O T 
D istrict 32 
C h am pionship 
K e n tu cky St. 1o1, P ik e v ille 9o 
2 Bobcats 
All-LSC 

SAN MARCOS - The league’s Most Valuable 
Player and two players each from loop champion 
E ast T exas State and 
Southwest T exas State comprise the 1977 Lone 
Star Conference basket­ ball team. 
Howard Payne forward 
David Harrison received 
H") of a possible 79 points in b a llo tin g by loot: coaches and was named the league’s MVP. He led the conference in scoring 
(23.8) and free-throw shooting (.841). 
New .Jersey native.- 
Nate Granger and Larr> 
McGhee of East Texas are on the all-star team as are guard .Jeff Frnkc and center Steve Front/ of Southwest Texas. 

F IR S T T E A M 
L o r r y M c G h e e , E a s t T e x a r 
State. 5*11, Jr., L in d e n , N . J . g u a rd ; Jeff F rn k a , SW T , 6-1, Sr.. 
R ice Consolidated, g u a rd ; D a v id 
H a r ris o n , H o w a rd P a y n e , 6 5 
Sr,. F o rt W orth T rim b le T ech lo r w o id ; N o te G r a n g e r , E a s t 
T e xa s State, 6 5. Sr., N e w a rk, N 
J , forw ard. Steve Fro ntz, SW T, 
6 ll, Jr., C o rp u s C h risti C arro ll, center. 

S E C O N D T E A M 
R o b e rt C rin e r, A n g e lo State. 
6 2, Soph , W ichita F a lls R id e r, g u a rd ; M a rsh a ll D a v is. H o w a rd 
P a yn e , 6-3, F ro sh ., A u stin Lam 
• e r, g u a r d ; 
D a v i d 
M e r r i l l , 
A b ile n e C h ristia n , 6 4, Sr., A r m o r e . 
P a . , t o r w a r d ; 
D e a n 
Y o u n g , A n g e lo State, 6 5, Sr., 
N a c o g d o c h e s , f o r w a r d ; 
K e n 
B e a sle y, Stephen F. A ustin , 7-1, 
Sr., 
H ouston 
F o rre st 
Brook, center. 

H O N O R A B L E M E N T IO N 
List includes SW T g u a rd L y n n 
M c D o n a ld a n d T e x a s A & l for w o rd D a v id W illiam s. 

A 
J m B B bH B b B B t 
UDF A‘"D 
A U f C V . ’ . I ( f *, T f V , 

 o o 
/ c o 

 l i f e i r a n f l o b e y o u r / a r o r / f e s f o r # ’ TIRE SALE 

OO ON A SET 
OF FOUR 
FULL FOUR PLY POLYESTER CORD TIRES 
FIBERGLASS BELTED POLYESTER CORD TIRES 

 wr e x p e r t 

• A D JU ST o n d cheth coster 

• A D J U S T e n d ch eck c o m b e r 

• A D J U S T o ” d check toe 

• iN C t U D f S OU co n d itio n e d eors 

 to rsio n b o r a d ju stm e n t extra, ii n e e d e d 

N Y L O N S I AT covets 
R U B B K R M A ID DELUXE 
CAR M A T S 
1oW 3o M O T O t O IL 

C h o ic e o f soild co lo rs 
FuM o r twin, front or re a r 
P e n n * o il or Q u a k e r S ta te 

I O W JO m otor oil 

B a s k e t b a ll 

N B A Stan din gs 

E A S T E R N C O N F E R E N C E 
Atlantic D ivision 

G r o u p s ? ? f 
2 4 
2 4 f 
27, 

2 7 f 
72 
& 7 4 

• D e liv e rs u p to S S O co ld c r o a k in g A M P S 

ACE A lt FILTERS 

C h a n g e r e g u la r ly tor im 

 p ro v e d e n g in e p e rt or 

 m o n te 

F O X C t AFT 
CAR R A M P S 
DELCO OR M O T O R C RA FT 
TUNE UP KITS 

 r n 
, 
3 
8 
8 

4 & 6 cyt 

In clu d e s points, totor 

 a n d c o n d e n se r 

FLUS G M U N I S E I 

^ 
WOOL CO MAKES I T EASY IO SHOP 

• - .O I 

W M U M I i C X M X M H 'C M X X S I 
X W 
M I I W 
• CONY!MUNT IIM ! PA9M INT 
V 
• CORVI HI IN I IA T AWAT FLAN it* "T r :----- 
— -----aeiF 

W O O lCO R IM * VIS IH I B io n t IO UMH QUANTI THS — NOT B8SPOWS4BU tO tl T T BOOB ABAKAS i e BO# I 

IOO O IU BO­ 
NI AA NORDHUS NO 
733-3311 

48o3 W IST 
C O M M ISC E 
434-8481 

337 FAIR 
A V IN U I 
333-8144 

3314 3.W. 
M IL IT A R T O B . 
834-1441 

371o AUSTIN 
RWT. AT NAU Ut 
433-4461 

SHOP W OOLCO 9i3o A M. TO 9i3o P M. M O N DAY THRU SATURDAY 

BUY WITH CONFIDENCE! 
SATISFACTION GUARANTEED! 

R F P t A C IM IN T O I M O N EY C IA O C T R E FU N D fD 

^ 
.. ......... iiiiriBr—BT 

 w 
L 
Pct. 
GB 
P h ilad e lp h ia 
36 
23 
.61o 
— 
Boston 
31 
31 
.5oo 
6 1 
N ew Y o rk K n ic k s 
28 
34 
.452 
9' j 
Buffalo 
23 
39 
.371 
14' 2 
N ew Y o rk N ets 
Central 
2o 
D ivision 
43 
.317 
18 

W ash in gton 
37 
24 
.6o7 
— 
H ouston 
34 
26 
.567 
2 i 
San Antonio 
34 
28 
.548 
V t 
C leveland 
32 
27 
.547 
4 
N ew O rle a n s 
26 
35 
.426 ll 
Atlanta 
25 
38 
.397 
13 
W E S T E R N C O N F E R E N C E 
M idw est D ivision 
D e n ve r 
41 
21 
.661 
— 
Detroit 
37 
26 
.587 
4' ? 
K a n s a s City 
32 
31 
.5o8 
9 2 
C h ica go 
29 
34 
.46o 
17 2 
Ind iana 
78 
35 
.444 
1 3 '7 
M ilw au ke e 
P acific 
21 
Division 
44 
.323 
2 1 '7 

L o s A n ge le s 
39 
23 
.679 
— 
P o rtlan d 
38 
25 
.6o3 
1 2 
G olden State 
35 
28 
.556 
4’ 2 
Seattle 
31 
33 
.484 
9 
Phoen ix 
26 
35 
.426 
12' J 

H o c k e y 

N A T IO N A L H O C K E Y L E A G U E 
C A M P B E L L C O N F E R E N C E 
Patrick Division 
W 
L 
T 
Philadelphia 
N Y . 
Isla n d e rs 
A tlanta 
N Y . 
R a n g e rs 
Sm ythe D ivision 
St. 
L o u is 
C h ic a go 
C olorado 
AAinnesota 
V an co u ve r 

M ontreal 
P ittsb u rgh 
L o s 
A n ge le s 
W ashington 
Detroit 

N o rris D ivision 

Buffalo 
B oston 
Toronto 
C leveland 

P ts 
G F 
G A 
9o 
258 
173 
85 
221 
156 
63 
2o5 
?! 3 
59 
219 
23S 

61 
189 
717 
57 
7o7 
737 
49 
19o 
731 
47 
189 
751 
45 
IC E 
172 
744 

1o6 
315 
152 
66 
199 
7o5 
64 
211 
195 
49 
174 
751 
4o 
16o 
234 

84 
734 
178 
79 
247 
199 
67 
251 
229 
5o 
189 
225 

T u e sd ay 's G a m e s 
G olden State 1o1, B oston 94 
New Y o rk Nets 1o4, B uffalo 95 
San Antonio 132, New Y o rk K n ic k s 127 
L o s A n ge le s 92, Atlanta 9o 
D e n ve r HO. Detroit 94 
C h ic a go 1o2, In d ia n a 85 
K a n s a s City 126, N ew O rle a n s 1o4 
Po rtla n d 1o8, P h ila d e lp h ia 1o7 
W e d n e sd ay's G a m e s 
In d ia n a 116. B uffalo 1o8 
K a n s a s City 112, N ew Y o rk N ets IOO 
W ashington U S, D e n ve r 113 
H ouston 12o, L o s A n g e le s 113 
C h ic a g o 1o8, P h o e n ix 1o4 
C le ve lan d 1o4, Seattle 85 
T h u rsd ay 's G am e 
P h ila d e lp h ia at G olden State 

H IG H S C H O O L B A S K E T B A L L 
State T ournam ent 
C L A S S A A A 
Se m ifin a ls: 
D a in g e rfie ld (27-31 vs. H u n tsv ille 
(27-7), 7 p m . F rid a y ; B o rg e r (27-4) v s W est O so 
(27 5), 8:3o p.m. 
F rid a y ; 
F in a ls at 
2:o5 p.m. 
Saturday. 

C L A S S A A 
S e m ifin a ls: M o rto n (33-4) vs. L in d e n K ild a r e 
<25 IO), 2:3o O.m. F r id a y , 
W e im a r (27-5) vs. 
Koun tze (24-9), 4 p.m. F rid a y ; F in a ls of 7 p.m. 
F rid a y. 

C L A S S A 
Se m ifin als: 
B ro a d d u s (31 I) vs. Sn o o k 
(35 4), 
8 IO a m 
S a tu rd a y ; W h ite w rig h t (28 2) vs. S e a ­ g ra v e s (12-4), IO a rn. S a tu rd a y ; 
F in o ls al 8:3o p.m. Saturd ay. 

Adorns D ivision 
39 
19 
6 
36 
21 
7 
29 
27 
9 
2o 
34 IO 
T uesday s G am e s 
M ontreal 5, N ew Y o rk Isla n d e rs 4 
Ph ilad e lp h ia 5, M in n e so ta 2 
L o s A n ge le s 3. W a sh in gto n 2 
Boston 8, Detroit 3 
W ed n e sd ay's G a m e s 
V an co u ve r 2, Atlanta I 
L o s A n ge le s 5, P ittsb u rg h o 
Buffalo 6, C h ic a g o 3 
C leveland 4. Toronto 2 
St. Louts 2, C o lo ra d o 2 
T h u rsd a y 's G a m e s 
Boston at New Y o rk R a n g e rs 
N ew Y o rk Isla n d e rs at D etroit 
V an co u v e r at P h ila d e lp h ia 
P ittsb u rgh at M o n tre al 
C h ic a g o at W a sh in gto n 

W O R L D H O C K E Y A S S O C IA T IO N 
E aste rn D ivsion 
W 
L 
T 
P ts 
G F 
C A 
Quebec 
37 
24 
I 
75 
769 
731 
Cincinnati 
31 
78 
3 
65 
279 
23o 
In dianapolis 
27 
79 
7 
61 
2o9 
231 
New 
E n g la n d 
26 
34 
o 
58 
716 
25o 
B irm in g h a m 
25 
36 
3 
53 
225 
736 x-M innesota 
19 
18 
5 
43 
136 
129 
W estern D ivision 
H ouston 
38 
19 
6 
82 
248 
185 
W innipeg 
35 
26 
2 
72 
28; 
732 
Sa n 
D ie go 
34 
77 
3 
71 
712 
212 
C o lo u ry 
25 
31 
5 
55 
191 
2o6 
Edm onton 
75 
37 
7 
52 
177 
238 
Phoen ix 
74 
37 
3 
51 
225 
299 

H o w lin g 

 x-franchise disb an d e d 
T u e sd ay 's G am e s 
Quebec 5, E d m o n to n 4 
H ouston 8, P h o e n ix 3 
C a lg a ry 6, W in n ip e g I 
W ed n e sd ay's G am e s 
Son D ie go 2, N ew E n g la n d o 
W innipeg 4, Q uebec 3 
T h u rsd ay 's G am e s 
B irm in g h a m at C o la a o ry 
W innipeg at Ed m on ton 
W IN D S O E L O C K S T O U R N E Y 
Steve Neff, S a ra so ta , Flo., first-ro u n d le a d e r w ith s ix -g o m e b lock of 1,513. S te v e C a r s o n of 
O k la h o m a C ity next w ith 1,464. T im H a r a h a n , 
H aw tnorne, Cal., third with 1,456. 
P B A M O N E Y S T A N D IN G S 
1st E a r l A n t h o n y 5 34,ooo; 2 n d M a r k 
R o t h 
532,o8o; 3rd E d R e s s le r 525,3o8; 
4th M a r s h a ll 
H o lm a n $24,64o; Sth Steve Nett $21,745. 

A B C 
At Reno. Nev. 
T E A M S : 
L a c k l a n d 
W a r h a w k s 
N o 
I 
861 9o6 9o3 — 267o; L a c k l a n d W a h h a w k s N o 
I 
8o7 8 2 7 -7 9 o — 
242 4 ; 
W e b b e r 
L i n e n 
S u p p ly 
795 781 795— 2371. 
D O U B L E S : 
S te v e S t e rh a d 
R o n n ie M e r c e r — 6o7. J o se p h R z e z n ik C h a rle s 
M onett — 963. R a n d a l B u rn s-H a rO ld Poll, Jr. — 
1157 
L o r r y W a lsh G e o rg e B ritto n — 891. L lo y d 
B ronton John Sh ie ld s — 987. C h a rle s B ritto n -Ju stin 
Certie _ 1o55. J e rry L e h m a n -Jim C o r ra le s — 993. 
J o h n L o m p w a n C h u c k B e s c h — 
1o59 
R o la n d ru sty Bill H all — 912. Joh n W e b b e r B o b b y So n lo rd — 1o9o 
S IN G L E S : 
Ste rh a d , 515, M e rc e r, 
536; Rzeznik, 481; Monett. 494; B u rn s, 5o8. Poll. 
581; W a lsh . 495; B ritto n , 4o4; 
B r e n t o n , 539; 
Shields, 532; 
Britton, 6o2; 
Steele, 494; 
L e h m a n . 
47o, C o rra le s, 437; L a m p m o n , 543; B e sc h , 5o6 
T rusty. 411; Hall, 534; W ebber, 592: S a n fo rd , 46o. 

T r a c k 

 run- 

B a s e b a ll 

W ed n esd ay's G a m e s 
St. M a r y 's 5-3, O k la h o m a City U n iv e rs ity 2-1. 
T e x a s W e sle ya n ll, T e x a s C h ristia n o 
T e x a s W e sle van 13, T e x a s A rlin g to n 3. 

F o o tb a ll 
N E W Y O R K ( A P ) — N ational F o o tb all L e a g u e players, by team , w ho playe d out their o p tio n s lost se aso n ond b e cam e free age n ts im m e d ia te ly with the sig n in g of o collective b a rg a in in g a g re e m e n t between N F L M a n a g e m e n t C ou n cil a n d tnc N F L 
P lo v e rs A ssociation : 
Atlanta 
L o rto n 
J a ckso n , g u a rd : 
T o m m y 
N o b is, linebacker. 
Baltim ore 
B ry a n t Salter, safety. 
Buffalo 
None. 
C h icago 
G o ry Huff, Q u a rte rb ack. L a r r y S c h re ib e r, r u n ­ ning b ock; Jim O sb orne, de fe n sive tackle. 
Cincinnati 
None. 
Cleveland 
Pete A d a m s, g u a rd 
D a lla s 
None. 
D enver 
P ro n Lyn cn . ru n n in g back. 
Detroit 
L a r r y H and, d e fensive tockle 
G reen B a y 
P e rry Sm ith, co rn e rb a c k 
Houston 
None. 
K a n s a s City 
None 
Lo s A n ge le s 
H a r o ld J a c k s o n , w id e r e c e iv e r ; 
T o m M a c k , g u a r d ; 
R o n J a w o r s k i, q u a r t e r b a c k ; 
C u lle n 
B ryant, ru n n in g back, Jo c k R e y n o ld s, lin e b a c k e r. 
Steve Preece. safety; Tom D e m p se y , p la ce k ic k e r 
M ia m i 
R a n d y C row d er, d e fensive tockie. 
M innesota 
B oo Lee, Quarterback 
New E n g la n d 
M a rlin Briscoe, w ide re ce ive r. 
New O rle an s 
B o o b y D o u g la s s , q u a r t e rb a c k ; defensive tackle 
New Y o rk je ts 
R ic h a rd C o sie r, tight end. E d G a u c h e r, defen stye tackle 
New Y o rk G ian ts 
D o u g V o n H orn, g u a rd . L o r r y W a tk in s, ru n n in g back; B ro d V an Pelt, lin e b ack e r. 
O aklan d 
None 
P h ilade lph ia 
C h a rle s Y oung, light end 
P ittsb u rgh 
None 
St. Louis 
Keith W o rtm a n , g u a r d ; 
E d d ie b a c k . 
B o b B e ll, d e fe n s iv e e n d ; t in e b o c k c r ; 
R a y W h it e , l i n e b a c k e r ; 
N o r m 
Thom pson, c o rn e rb a c k ; C la re n ce D u re n . safety. 
San D ie go 
None 
San F ra n c isc o 
T o m m y H art, de fe n sive end 
Seattle 
D on Clune. w ide re c e ive r; B o d N ew ton, g u a rd , 
R u n o u t H a rris, de fe n sive end 
T a m p a B ay 
None 
W ashington 
R o y J e ffe rso n , w id e r e c e iv e r ; 
T im S t o k e s . tackle, P a u l L o o ve p . g u a rd , 
H a ro ld M c C n n to n . linebacker 

H IG H S C H O O L T R A C K 
H O R N E T R E L A Y S 
At E a st Central 
Starting lim es: 
Fie ld events, 12:3o p m. ping prelim s, 2 p m .; ru n n in g fin a ls 6 p m. 
T e am s entered: 
( B o y s a n d g ir l s d iv is io n s ) 
E d gew ood , H olm es, E a s t C e n tral, J u d so n (b o v s o n ly), Lee. C h u rc h ill. Sou th Sa n , S e g u in ( g ir ls only) and N ew B r au n fe ls (g irls only). 

B U F F A L O R E L A Y S 
At Clem e ns 
Starlin g tim es: 
C o a ch e s m eeting, l l a.m .; field e v e n ts, 12:3o p .m .; r u n n in g p r e lim s , 2 p .m .; ru n n in g finals. 6 p.m. 
T e am s entered: 
(B o y s o n d g irls d iv isio n s) Ja y. 
C le m e n s , M a r s h a l l , R o o s e v e lt . M a c A r t h u r , 
M e m o rial, A la m o H e ig h ts a n d J u d so n (g ir ls o n ly). 

P R A C T IC E M E E T 
At A la m o Stadium 
Starting tim es: 
(B o v s a n d g irls d iv is io n s ail events tinoi) R u n n in g events, 4 p m .; b o v s field events. 4 p.m .; girts field events, 5:3o p.m. 
T e am s entered: 
E d iso n , H ig h la n d s , H o u sto n , 
Jefferson, W heatley, H a rla n d a le . C e n tra l C ath o lic 
(b o vs only). 

Satu rd ay 
C O U G A R R E L A Y S 
At Cole 
Starting lim e s: 
F ie ld events, IO a rn.; ru n n in g p relim s, ll o.m .; ru n n in g finals, 3 p.rn 
T e am s entered: 
( B o v s o n ly) Cole, St. A n th o n y, 
H oly C ro ss, Som erset, M a rb le F a lls, L u lin g , N a ­ talia, Cotulla, L a V e rn ia , (Marion, P flu g e rville . 

C A R R IZ O S P R IN G S R E L A Y S 
At C a rrizo S p rin g s 
Storting tim es: 
Fie ld events, 1o:3o a m ; r u n ­ nin g p relim s. I p m ,; ru n n in g finals, 6:3o p.m. 
T e am s entered: 
(V a rsity , lu n io r v a rs it y a n d g irls d iv isio n s) F re e r, E a g le P a s s, U v a ld e , P e o r sail. Southside. Southw est, H ondo, D e vin e , South 
San West, L a re d o United. C ry sta l C ity, Sa b in a l, 
Pleasanton, Cotulla. L a re d o m artin, L a r e d o N ixo n . 
T o n a l** 

J e ll W m a n s , 

M o s s , r u n n in g 
G r e g H o r tie , 

<»olf 

C A N Y O N C R E E K W O M E N 
L G . J e r r y S n a r p e , 92, I N , P o l l y G e s i c x , 
92 24— 68 
L P , M o lly H eyne. 32; D o ris D o n a ld so n , 
32. 

O A K H IL L S W O M E N 
A Flight, tow g ro ss. R e n o M a e W inston, 84, low net, B a rb ie W inn, 9) 23— 68, Ju d y ly e s. 9o 16— 74; 
C a ro l C old er, 89-15— 74; low putts. T o n y G uido, JI. 
B Flight, LG , V e lm a Jones, 95, L N . Jo A n n N an ce , 
98-26 — 72. B ob bie G o skin, I IO 38— 72; L P . T o m m ie 
G e m m er. 32. N in e hole d ivisio n , L G . L o u v a e V a n 
H o rn ; L N , G ro c e H o lie ra n a n d W ilm a U rq u h a rt, 
L F , K a ty Zook 

P E C A N V A L L E Y W O M E N 
F irs! Flight, L G . M a r g a re t W illifo rd , 92, 
L N , 
S to rm y H a rris, 92-17— 75. Se con d F lig h t, t_G, Jo 
M e rgo . 1o2 
L N , A lice K e rn s, 1o8 36— 72 

P A N A M E R IC A N G O L F 
The P o n A m e ric a n G o d A sso cia tio n w ill hold o 
P ick Y o u r P artn e r B es) B o ll T o u rn a m e n t S u n d a y at W illow S p rin g s with d eadline at 1o 45 o.m . 

B R O O K S W O M E N 
Jo D eH eor, 98 33— 65; Jo Hertel. 9o 23— 67, Ju n e 
Lew is,'94-24— 7o L P . Hertel. JO 
S A W G A 
The So n Antonio W o m e n s G o d A sso c ia tio n w ill noid its w eekly to u rn am e n t F r id a y at B ra c k e n - rid ge be gin n in g at 8 3o a rn 
K E L L Y W O M E N 
A ce — Betty w e n n e 
94 23— 71 
F ir s t F lig h t — 
W ehrie; H elen M ille r, 9 1 1 9 — 72 
L P , W e h ri*. 32 
S e c o n d F n o h i — J e r r y M ills . 12o 4 o - 8 o ; 
K a y 
E h lin ge r. I U 29 - 83 L P . T om m ie K o e rlh , 35 

T S A R M T E N N IS R A N C H l.'es of M a rc h O pen se* M a r. 12-13, is m « v \ B level to u rn e y tor m e n 25 a n d o v e r. A n y a re a p love r can enter if not state ra n k e d o r h a v in g played in a n y ch a m p io n sh ip to u rn e y s in last tw o veors. Both sin g le s and doub les, e n try d e ad lin e is 
J p m. M a r, 9, with fee of S6 for sin g le s a n d SS per team tor d oub les C oll 655-7564 for m o re m fo rm a lion. E n t r y b la n k s a ls o a v a ila b le of T B o r M , 
M c F o r lin T e nnis Center In Sa n A n to n io o r T e n n is 
A n yo n e Sh o p s In S A 
A lso co m in g is Ju n io r S p rin g B r e a k O o e n M a r 
21 22 and L a d ie s Id e s ot M a r c h (B le ve l) Wen 
26 27. 
U.S. IN D O O R C H A M P IO N S H IP S at M em p h is, T eon. 
W e d n e sd a y s R e su lts: 
K a rt M e tie r del 
T g n y 
R o c h e I 6. 6-3; 
T o m G u H 'k s o n de*. P h il D F h t refired 
B ria n G ottfried de* Z e liko F ra n u lo v ic 8 3 
6 I; F re d M c N a ir de* Geoft M a st e rs 2 6, 6 4. d-6 
Joh n L lo y d de* 
A n d re w P a ttiso n 7-5, 3 6, OM 
T e rry M o o re de*. Jim D e lo n e v 6-7, 6 4, G u ille rm o 
V iio s del 
B ria n T e ach e r 6 7, 7 6, 7 6 

IN T E R N A T IO N A L T E N N IS at M onterrey, M e x ico 
W ednesday's Results: 
V ito s G e ru io itis del K e n 
R o se w all 4 6, 7 6, 6 4; Cliff D r y s d a le det. J e s u s 
Vilieia 6 o, 6 
Monte M acing 

A Q U E D U C T : 
F e a tu r e - M im i R o s e ($ 2 2) 
N otably, Q u a rre l Six fu rlo n g s In 1:11 4/5. 
G U L F S T R E A M : 
$72,5oo O rc h id H a n d ic a p - 
C o p a n o <$61. Ja b o t, C a r o lin a M o o n . O n e o n d one sikteentn m ites in 1 45 25. 
O A K L A W N : 
F e a tu r e — L a s t B u z z IS S ,8 o ) 
R e ig n in g N ative, Jau n ty Jock. Six fu rlo n g s in l: l< 
4 5. 
G A R D E N S T A T E P A R K : 
F e a tu r e — P r o u d 
K e n n (S3 6o). H u r r ic a n e I E d , B o id G u n . S ix fu rlo n gs in I II 4 5. 

B O W IE : 
F e a tu re 
S p o rtin g P o w d e r (S3.4o). P a t r i c k 's S h a m r o c k , 
H o m e r F 
Six fu rlo n g s in 1:1o 15. 
G O L D E N G A T E : 
F e a tu re — S ir I v o r 's J o y 
(59 JO), M a g g ie s W ish, A d in, Six fu rlo n g s in L IO 
35 
S A N T A A N I T A : 
F e a t u r e — 
G e o t h e r m a l 
($18 SOI, G ie n o m , S o u n d of S u m m e r. O n e a n d oneixteenth m ile s in 1:43. 
Trait *ta«*ti«»iiK 

C O L L E G E B A S K E T B A L L 
W IC H IT A S T A T S : 
G a v e h e a d c o a c h H a r r y 
M ille r fo u r y e a r e x te n sio n on c u rr e n t c o n tra c t w hich e x p ire s this m onth 

P R O H O C K E Y 
B O S T O N B R U IN S (N H L ) : 
A n n o u n c e d the re tirtm e n t of dete n se m an D a lla s Sm ith 

P R O F O O T B A L L 
D E T R O IT L IO N S : 
N a m e d ve te ra n sp o rtsc a ste r 
D on K re m e r d irecto r of public relations. 
B A S E B A L L 
O A K L A N D A*$: 
S ign e d pitcher M ik e J or re t to 
$1oo,ooo one y e a r contract. 

H O U S T O N A S T R O S : 
A n n o u n c e d the sig n in g of p itch e r J a m e s R o d n e y R ic h a r d a n d o u tfie ld e r 
Leon Roberts. 

L O S A N G E L E S D O D G E R S : 
S ig n e d p itc h e r 
T o m m y John to o one ye a r con tract for 51oo,ooo 
S E A T T L E M A R IN E R S : s ig n e d a lie n e r u ic x 
Pole to a m ulti y e o r con tract 
C H IC A G O C U B S : 
S ig n e d o u t fie ld e r J e r r y 
M o ra le s to a m ulti ye o r contract. 
S A N F R A N C IS C O G IN A T S : 
S ig n e d s e c o n d b a se m a n D a rre l T h o m a s to a tw o-year co rn ro o t 
S k a tin g 

Marin 
C IT Y O A R T T O U R N E Y 
The C ityw ide D a rt tourn am ent w ill be held at the 
C onvention Center E x h ib it H a ll M a r 
9 13 . E n t ry fee is S3 b er p e rs o n p e r e v e n t — m e n s a n d w o m e n s s in g le s , m ix e d d o u b le s , m e n s a n d w om en s doub les and team d a rts P ro c e e d s go the 
A la m o C ouncil of C o m p F ire G irls a n d the e ve n ! is sp o n so re d bv F a isla tf Beer C on 222-2111 tor m o re m tor m at ion 

Softball 

S L O W F IT C M W O M E N 
The W illow P a rk C h ristia n C h u rc h is s t o r in g a siow p iicn w om en s leagu e tor b e g in n e rs 
N o ope limit or re ligio u s p re fe re n ce 
E n try fee ot S i per p articipant 
Coll Jim D risc o ll of 925-5o67 atter 5 p m . 

T O K Y O ( A P ) — R e su lts of the first tw o co m s so ry figu re s in the ice d a n c in g com petition at 
W orld F ig u re S k a tin g C h a m p io n sh ip s W e d n e sd o 
I, Irln o M o ise e v a A n d re r M in e n k o v . So vie t Urn ll ordin als, 4o 48 points 2. Janet T h o m p so n W a n 
M oxw eil. Britain, 25.5, 39 28 J, K n s it m a H egoc 
A n d r o s S a lle y . H u n g a r y , 76 5, 3 * 16 4, N o ta 
L o im c h u k G e n n ad i K a ooon osow . S o vie t U nion, 
38 96 5, M a rin o Z u e va A n d re i V itm an , So vie t U n i 
47, 37 4o 
6, S u sa n C a rs c a iie n Alec G illies, C a n a d a . 54, 36 
7, K a y B o rsd e li Kenn eth Foster. B rita in , 66, 35,94 
Ju di G e n o v e s i K e n t W eigte, U n ite d S t a le s , 7. 
35 o4. 9, L ilia n a R e h a k o v o Stan isla v D rastic*). C c h o sio v o k t a , 78 5, 35 
IO, L o r n o W ig h t o n Jc 
D ow ding, C a n ad a , 87, 34 2o 
II, Isa b e lla R iu i- L u ig i F re t on!, italy. 1o4, 32 
U . S u si H o n d s c h m a n n P e te r H u n d s c h m a n n A 
In a , IQS. 32 72. IJ, S u sa n Kelley A n d re w Stro ve 
U nited Stoles, I I I , 32 68 
14, M is o K o g e M a s o n 
Taxeao. ja p a n , 124, 31 77 

F in a l re su lts of the p a irs com petition 
I, Irm o R o d n m a A le x a n d e r /ariser. Sovie t Uh. 
9 ord in als, 14o 9o p o in ts 2, Irm o V o ro b ie v a A o n d e r V la s o v , S o v ie t U n io n , 2 3 , 134 i s 
J, 
BuD ilonio R a n d y G a rd n e r, U nited Slate s, 29, 13? 
4, M a rin a S h e rk o s o v o Se rge i S h a k h ro i, 36, 132 A 
M a n u e l M a y e r U w e B e w e rsd o rf, E a s t C c r m g 

6. In g rid S p ie g lo v a A la n Spiegt, C z e c n o sio v u 
57, 126 57. 7, G a il n o m i n a t i o n * Sw e id m g , U n 
S ta le s, 63. I f s IQ- I, S u s a n n e S c h e m e A n d ) 
M isc hw itz, W e st G e r m a n y , 78, 121.98 
9, St 
F ra n k s M ich o e i Botticelli. U nited Slate s, 73, I2J 
IO. Sh e rri Bater R ob in Cow an. C a n ad a . 91. l l s 4 
II. G ab rie le B e c k jo c h e n Siam . W est G e u m 
96, 116 54 12 E iiza b d tn C o m p e te r C am . A u strc lOo, 1 12 37 ll , K y o k o H o g t w o ro S u m io M o n 
Japan, 116, 1o6.94. 

Golden Gloves Pairings 

N O V IC E D IV IS IO N 
Light Flyw eight 
V Jose G 
C o n d o le s (B C S B ) lO-U, vs 
P e i. 
R am aire* (C S A P & R ) |o3 
Flyw eight 
2 
Francisco Jim enez 
(B C N B ) 
MO vs 
Rnhnr. 
Gonzalez (O R B C ) 111 .. 
S 
R o b er’ 
3 
R efug io R o d rig u ez 
(L B C ) 
1o9 , vs 
Tnnv 
Delgado (P & R ) I I L * . 
S 
Tony 
• ** 
Bantamweight 
4 
T im o th y L usk .B C N B ) 
118 a vs 
R o b e rt rrulitlio IW Y ) 113 4. 
S. Ruben RIOS (B & G B C ) 118 4 va 
R )Ckv Her nondez (C S A P & R ) lls 4 . 
V cr 
6 
Tom m y Escobedo (B & G B C ) 117 vs G .ih e n 
GOTZ a 118 4. (B & G B C ) f ilb e r t 

, B & G B O US.' (B & G B C ) 1,7 ‘ 
R ^ o '» o Rue. 

• 
Light W elterw eight 
8. Rosendo Puente (O R B C ) 138 . vs 
R aym ond 
Perez (SACBC) 137 
. 
R aym ond 
9 
R ic h a rd G u tie rre z 
(N A L C ) 
135 vs 
Joe 
Zuniga (W Y ) 135 
' 
Joe 
Light M iddlew eight 

8 rehn‘, n ? T 7 GOn/a,eS * BCSB) 
' 5 4 '‘ VV C h a r"<> 

J v r ^ h,'L Y b a rr° (N A L C * M? 
VS 
R a u ' 
I AA Y C) * >6 . 
M iddlew eight 

 l BCNBUM 5n8 LOPe' <EBC) ' 58 VS M a u n c c 
Light H eavyw eight 
13 
M o rris M c G e e (B C E B I 
1/4 vs C a rlo s 
Rodriguez (B & G B C ) 169 4 . s.onos 
14. Steve Cam dos (W Y ) 167 vs. Jam es K o vots 
(I) I68 2. 
O P E N D IV IS IO N 
Flyw eight 
15 
R aym ond V a le n zu la (C S A P & R ) m > 
Rout Rangel (E B O 111. 
Bantanweight 
16 
Hector R odriguez (M Y C ) 
116 vs 
Julian 
Torres (E P P & R ) 116 4 . 
17. L udo M artinez (B C N B ) 118 vs G ilbert G a rza 
(W v) 113. 
________________ Featherw eight 

18 
F ro n k J osso (N A L C ) 
122J* vs. 
A lfre d o 
-OO ez(DRB C) 123 4 . 
19. Alfredo P astran (W Y ) 125 vs. G ilb ert F o v e ila 
(C SA P& R ) 125. 
2o. Juan R o d rig u e z ( E P P & R ) 1?3 vs. A n g e l 
Chavez (C S A P & R ) 124 
?i 
Joe H ernandez (W Y ) 124 vs 
P e d ro C antu 
(E P B C ) 125 
Light W elterw eight 
22. R aym ond Pinones (C S A P & R ) 139 vs. R udy 
Rodriguez (W Y ) 133-4. 
23 Juan M enchaca (S A C B C I 134 j vs. Joe Duoue 
(B& G B C) 139 
W elterw eight 
24 
R oger V a re la (B & G B C ) 1 4 5 1. vs. E rn e s to 
Tobias (W Y ) 144‘ 4. 
25. Arm ondo Laabs (O R B C ) 147 va 
A leios Ro 
Jriauez (C S A P & R ) 1 4 6 .. 
26. Samm v M anzello (B & G B C ) 147 vs. G u ille rm o 
CovarruKias (I) 14o 4 
27. D a n n y F a v e lla (C S A P & R ) 139 vs. L u b e 
Rangel (W Y ) IJJ ,. 
M iddlew eight 
78. Freddie G arcia (N A L C ) 165 vs M anuel G a rc ia 
(C S A P & R ) 158 4. 
29 P edro R o drigu ez (B & G B C ) 159 vs. H ila rio 
CaDetillo (E P P & R ) 157 .. 
Light H eavyw eig ht 
3o Jesse G arcia (N A L C ) 176'4 vs. Ted M a rtin e z 
(I) 173 4. 
31 
L o u is H a ll ( I ) 1 76 4 vs 
A b e l E s a u iv c l 
(B & G B C) 168 2. 
Heavyw eight 
32. R o bert R eynosa (B & G B C ) 18o '4 vs. P e d ro 
Alem an (SACBC ) 18o 
33. Raul Sanchez (SAC BC) ISI vs 
E d die G a rza 
(B C N B ) 227 4 . 
R a y m o n d A m o ra *S A C B C ) ISO 4 vs. L o o n y 
Cowev (I) 183. 
K E Y : 
Blackies & G arza Boxing Club (B & G B C ); 
Boys Club N orthside Branch (B C N B ); Boys* Club 
Southside B ran ch (B C S B ); Boys 
C lub E a s ts id e 
B ran ch (B C E B ); Boys 
C lub C a ld e ro n B ra n c h 
(B C C B ); Cliv ot San Antonio P a rk s & R ecreation 
D e p a r tm e n t (C S A P & R ) ; D e l R io B o y s 
C lu b 
(O R B C ); Eastside Boxing Club ( E B O ; E a g le Pass 
Boys Club (E P B C ); E agle Paso P a rk s & R ecrea lion D e p artm en t (E P P & R ); Indepen dent ( I) ; La redo Boys' C lub (L B C ); M iss io n Y o u th C e n te r 
(M Y C ). N a tio n al A ssociation of L e tte r C a rrie rs 
(N A L C ); S e q u in A c tiv ity C e n te r 
B o y s ' C lu b 
1 SACBC ), Westside YM C A IW Y ),____________________ 

Neutze heads. 
13-AAA 
West team 

Tad N eutze, sen ior gu*trd of the U valde 
Coyotes, was the only un­ animous selection on the 
13-AAA West Zone b a s­ ketball team announced 
Wednesday. 

Neutze and team m ate 
Brian McLaughlin were the only members of the zone champion Coyotes on the elite squad. 

13-AAA WEST ZONE 
F ir s t T e e m — T a d N e u tz e . 
U vald e; Ray V aldez, C rystal Ci­ ty ; W ith e K n o w les, South San 
W est; R o bert Hobble; K e rrv ille 
T Iv y ; C h a rle s Joh nson, S o u th ­ west; B rian M cLaughlin, U valde. 
S eco n d F lig h t — Jo h n G w v n , 
K e rrv ille T lvv; D a rry n C h ris tia n / 
Southwest; Jerry Payne, C a rrizo 
S p rin g s; M alc o m M a rc h , K e r r ­ v ille 
T lv v ; 
D o u g 
K u h lm a n , 
F red e ricksb u rg ; R obert Y n cian , 
F r e d e ric k s b u r g 
C o ach of tho 
Y e o r; Robert Copelio. Uvalde 

SAN A N TO N IO EXPRESS— 
T h u r s d a y March 3 
1 9 7 7 
H 
P o g e ' 7 - G 

.'gjjpvji 
W e ’ve,,Had W inners Galore And 
There’s MUCH MORE to Come in 
Our Giant 

 m n ................................... 
I... 
] iii 1 

JUST LOOK WHAT OUR BONUS NUMBER 
CAN W IN YOU THIS SUNDAY... 

A Beautiful Quasar 
25" Remote Control 
COLOR TV and A New 
Memorymatii 
Microwave 
Oven by Litton 

TOTAL 
$ 1 O A A | 
RETAIL VALUE: 
I / O U U 5 

Two greot prizes it your Social 
Security number is the lucky one in the BONUS NUMBER slot this Sunday! 

V . 

PLUS 
CASH 
SUBSCRIBER 
BONUS 

 lf you re the winner of our big Bonus Num ber and you are a present subscriber to both the daily 
San Antonio Express and The 
News, we ll aw ard you $ 5 o o 
CASH AS A SUBSCRIBER B O N U S! 

 lf you presently subscribe to one 

 of the daily papers, we ll aw ard you an EXTRA $ 2 5 o CASH! 

PLUS CASH 
SUBSCRIBER 
BONUS 

 lf you’re the winner of our big Bonus Number and you are a present subscriber to both the daily San Antonio Express and The 
News, we’ll award you $5oo CASH AS A SUBSCRIBER BONUS! lf you presently subscribe to one of the daily papers, we ll award you an EXTRA $25o CASH! 

AND THERE’S MORE! b ite r NOW And Be Eligible for our Giant 
SUPER BONUS NUMBER ON APRIL 2 4 ! 

NOT ONLY WILL YOU BECOME ELIGIBLE FOR $ 1 ,o o o IN 
PRIZES TO BE OFFERED ON APRIL 24 . . . BUT IF YOU’RE 
A SUBSCRIBER, YOU’LL 
ALSO W IN THIS SUPER 
SUBSCRIBER BONUS . . . 

A Fabulous Trip far Two to 
MEXICO 
CITY! 

Y e w * * f l y M e x i c a n * A i r t h * * * m e x ic a n s rn . 

 t o M e x i c o C i t y f o r * * * * * d a y s e n d s ix 

 n i g h t * a n d s t a y in e b e a u t i f u l s u i t * 

H n H ib n r U n f 
O fjffO rw jf if f Elf 

PLUS UP TO $ 1 ,o o o CASH FOR MEALS A N D EXTRAS! lf you are a present sub­ scriber to both the daily Express and The News, we ll award you $ 1 ,o o o CASH for meals and extras . . . if you are a present subscriber to one of the daily papers, you’ll get $5oo CASH! 
* 
__________________________________________ 

YO U CAN W IN A BONUS NUMBER PRIZE W O R TH UP TO $ 2 , 5 o o 

W e ’ll Be Offering Lots More 
Valuable Prizes in the W eeks to Come 

PLUS MORE $ 1 ,o o o BONUS 
NUMBERS THAT AFFORD 
YOU THE OPPORTUNITY TO CHOOSE / 
YOUR OW N PRIZE FROM THE 
PAGES OF THE EXPRESS AND NEWS! 

AHD Bi EUGIBU FOR 
AU OUR DRAWINGS 
INCLUDING THI SUPER 
BONUS NUMBER 
ON APRIL 241 

NO 
FURCH ASf 
NfcCIS 
SARY. 
Entry blank* o i*o 

 a vui labia at th# fx p r e tt- 
N«wt lobby, Avg 
I and 

Third St., bom 8 3 o a m. to 
5: JO pm weak days 
Win 

 rung numbers posted there 

 during the tom e hour* 

 iw m m m m m w m A O M K A I T O P O S T C A R D , D H A M I U 
H m m 
| 

San Antonio Express 
I 

Mq.Ho ll * News ‘5o,ooo SWEEPSTAKES 7 7 | 

SWttPStAKtS 
I i f / . . . one No 
F O »o< 2585 
Son Anton*. Tout 78297 
ALTIN CIRCULATION DtPT 

M V SO CIA! M C UU ITT M U M M * t*r 

□ 

YC S 

□ 

N O 

Amu. tmm rn* 
« 
Mc 
S N tm 'A M * OM I m n 

■ne. awe M en tar Ae net* 
VO dart 

SwttfStAMS ba) I aor re atm a 
*® 

SIAU 

J N a * .WI a w , a* Ae Nee. 8 Senear O H r * .en. de*.*., a* Ae I 
4 
W as. 
J N a * a e O ' butt. I .a tt . ani Nee. 

3 * • » « ••*•* a whK>4w< ta Aa Lanett peuw. ade Ae Nee. A anda. h a m *e »r hAt*"»,a " 

3 I an aread, a wfcn'-ee *, Ae Nee. taeese ade Me tiffin Mender ♦■•dor re rn, 

I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 

- I 

/L o o k for the \ 
RED TAGS for \ 
I TREMENDOUS) 
APPLIANCE J 
Z VALUES Is , firestone 

PORTABLE B&W TV by 
SYLVANIA 

13 24 IOO 7 
MW6o33WH 

■ 75 mi. inches of viewable picture area 
(12” diag. meas.). 

1oo% solid-state chassis. 

■ D ecorator cabinet in white colored high-im pact plastic. 
* 9 9 
OO 

COLOR PORTABLE by 
S yu /A N IA 

oLoR PORTABLE by 
SYLVANIA 

13-inch diagonal 
Chrom a-Line™ color picture tube 

.A F C 

• G T -1o2,M chassis is 
1oo% solid state. 

• Cabinet of brown colored f high-im pact plastic. 

* 2 8 8 
OO 

REFRIGERATOR 

— r f 
" * ’ 

o6 61 o37 o 
CTF14ETW HT 
14.2 cu. ft. no-frost re frig era to r! freezer 

• Power saver switch reduces power consum ption 
• 4 5 8 rn It freezer 
•M eat keener, I win crispers, 
CKK tray. nutter bin 

* 3 8 8 
DD 
H a rvest gold 

5.3 cu. ft. 
CHEST FREEZER 

OS-19-399 o 

Low tem peratures for long food storage! 

• Sliding basket for most used items 
•C ounter balanced lid and m agnetic gasket 
• Lid l«K'k with autom atic eject key 
• Defrost drain for easy cleaning 
1 9 9 
OO 

11 o L p x r ln i: 
REFRIGERATOR 

o6 61 156 3 
CTL 18t.TR HT 

17.7 cu. ft. no-frost refrig erato r! freezer 

• 4.78 CU ft free ze r 
• Power saver sw itch reduces jtow e t consum ption 
• M eat k e e p e r, ch e e s e and butter bins. twin crispers tare travs 
OO 
R ervest gold 
* 4 3 9 

AIR CONDITIONER 

o8 13 o28 8 
5,ooo BTU 
DELUXE 

Versatility. .. lo w cost/ 

• Deluxe two-speed high-low fan 

• Two-way adjustable air direction 

• Push button control 

• Hear protective grille 

1 7 9 
OO 

\ 

2 o ” W idth Cut 
Briggs A Itro to n Engirt* 
3 V) HP 
Ste*! Deck 
Red Color 
Chrome Handle 
$9995 

O p tion al Catcher 
1 
o * o I-AOS I 

19-inch diagonal 
Chrom a-Line™ color picture tube 

• ( I T - 1 2o'1'M chassis js 
1oo% solid state. 
• Sylvania (!T -M atic’,M color tuning system 
• Cabinet of walnut grain finish on high-impact plastic. 

* 3 9 9 
OO 

I l u t p j t r ln i: 
Portable 
DISHWASHER 

Ob b t 1 o o o 
NOBH 76 

• Selection of IO cycles for top flexibility. 

• Cherry veneer wood top. 

• D etergent and rinse dispensers 
*288 
DO 

 j/H dir 

AIR CONDITIONER 

o8 13 o27-1 

1o,ooo BTU 

P ow erful cooling fo r quick com fo rt! 

• Three-speed fan 

• Stale air exhaust 

• Sim ulated wood decorator front 

• Designed to cut down on power consum ption 
*249 
OO 

S O ” W id th C ut 
B rig g s 4 S tra tto n E n gin e 
3Vi HP s .'c L 
* 1 o 9 oo 
Chrome Handle 
■ 
~ 
O P TIO N A L CATCH ER 
o8-o1-4o4 J 

CONSOLE COLOR by I 
SYLVANIA 

COMPACT STEREO 
PHONO SYSTEM by 
Syu/A N IA 

W ide 25-inch diagonal screen 

G T -M atict’M ll . . . til si true self-adjusting color TV. 
1oo% solid state chassis. 
M editerranean styling in a | cabinet of pecan grain finish on hardboard 
588 

13 22 44o 4 
CS671o 
• Solid-state stereo receiver provides 4 w atts min. 
RM S per channel. 
• Full size BSH autom atic turntable w /dust cover. 
• Two 8 ' full range air suspension speakers. 
• C abinet of w alnut grain vinyl on wood com position 
178 
OO 

- P 
H r t r t c r L i C t 
2 speed 
DELUXE STYLED 
WASHER I ELECTRIC DRYER 

Musi-dry 

• ft w ater tem perature selections 
• ll w ater levels 
• Includes perm anent press poly/knit cycle 
• lairge capacity 

o 2 8 4 
oLB 2S8oPW H 

• End-of-cycle signal 
• Four timed drying selections 
• Poly-knit or perm anent press settings 
O n ly... 

* 258 ° ° *228 
DO 
WHITE 

SPEED QUEEN SPEED QUEEN 
WASHER 
I ELECTRIC DRYER 
A 

 r 
B 

FA9Io1W 
OS OB SIO 6 
>t .radunled waler level control for 8-gal. to 16-gal loads 
>.‘t cycles normal, permanent pi ess knita or pre-wush soak. 
> 5-position water tem perature selector. 
>4-posit ion agitation and spin speed control. 

O C W ll 
OS IO 6o2-1 
■ C hip proof, rust-proof, stainless steel drum . . . easy on fabrica. 
|*4 cycles — norm al, delicate tim e dry or perm anent preaa knit. 
.C hoice o f 5 tem peratures. 
• Push to -start button. 
• A djustable buzzer volume control 

$2 I o ° ° 
S i A f t oo gyp 
| white I 
J 
O white 

2o” width Cut 
B riggs 4 S troton E n gin e 
3 HP 
Steel Deck 
J 
Green Color 
Chrome Noodle 
Optional Catcher 
o4 OI -413-8 
124 
95 

22” Width Cwt 
Brigg* & Itro to n E n gin o 
Pell. 
Self Propeller 
3 V} HP 
Steel Deck 
Green Color 
Chrome Handle 
O ptional Catcher 
o4-o1 -41o-o129 
95 

OPEN A N 
A C CO UN T 
WE ALSO 
HONOR: 

• BankAmericard • Master Charge • Diners Club 
• American Express • Carte Blanche 

ALI STOMS OMN TILL 6 P.M. 
DOWNTOWN rn* mm 
2 3 4 -o 2 8 I 

DOWNTOWN 
« ' * • * 
334 o311 
WOMOfRLAMO 
M M M 
7 3 4 -1 8 7 2 

SOUTHS** 

IX O M , 924.7141 

ALAMO HtKtH TI 
MMCuMuut 
8 2 4 -7 8 4 7 

X mfmi V rf 
SHOPPING CTR 
NM ie amu.. * 
4 7 8 -3 8 4 8 

* 
o62Xo8 
OU tau N *« 
732-81 t i 

14o8 rH IIP I na* nu iv*. 
3 4 4 -4 7 4 4 

MONDINO HILLS itll M w a tan 
83 2 -8 4 4 4 

SO U TH U if w e e a e 
44 1 -4 1 4 4 

• 
W OO OCA WH 

T i 4 ^ 7 8 3 

WISTMOf im * i m 
. 
3 3 4 -2 4 1 4 

* 
H O N VAUSV mi ix * < h 
4 8 4 -8 o 3 3 

CR OIS 4 o ADS 
* U a x u x lu 
MW Mullen 4 3 4 -9 3 1 3 

* 
226AM TR URIAN 
MAIS TONI wa eta** rn 
48 8-8 4 1 1 

• 
226AM TRUMAN 
MAISTO** 
MV BW NX t 
UM SM 
342 9474 

 sm6 p I i 
FOR SYLVA 
‘ITTER? 
NIA-SRffD 
OTPOIhjJ 

SILENCE IS GOLDEN . . . MUSIC IS STERLING 

SAVE 15o.oo 
SAVE 12o.oo 
SAVE 1oo.oo 

Sanyo RD53oo 
C«>iett« Record/ 
Play Deck! 

From Load Stereo 
— 
Cadette Deck with Dolby! 
Thi* unit incorporates all the sophisticated features needed to produce high quality sound. 

Rag. 179.95 
159 95 

I t rn 

4 6 o o 
SAN PEDRO 
7 35-9173 

LARRY O ’BRIEN 
. . . NBA commissioner 

 trounce 
Lakers 

ASSOCIATED PRESS 

OPEN 
SUNDAY 1 2 -6 

M ON. THRU FRI. 
IO a.rn.-7 p.m. 
CLOSED SATURDAY 

H 
SAN ANTONIO E X P R E S S — Thursday March 31977 
O’Brien raps NBA violence 

Continued from Page IG concern was evident in his memo. 
“ During the last several w eeks,” he said, “ there has been a disturbing in­ crease in the num ber of league rule v io la tio n s involvin g u nprovoked punching and other fla g ra n t fouls, player movements from the vicinity of the bench during fights on the playing floor and abusive behavior directed at officials. 
“ All players are to be advised of the following: 
“ I. Any player who without provo­ cation intentionally engages in punch­ ing or fighting or com m its any form of flagrant foul, will be m et with stern m easu res from the co m m issio n er’s office. Such actions simply can not be condoned. 
“ 2. Any player reported by the offi­ cial to have left the vicinity of the bench d uring an altercatio n on the floor, shall autom atically be fined $15o. 
Those who becom e em broiled in se­ condary fights and any repeating of­ fenders are subject to m ore sev ere p e n a ltie s. W hen a fight e ru p ts th e peacem aker function rests solely with the respective head coaches. 
“ 3. Upon being ejected from the game any player or coach w ho engages in excessive dem onstrative behavior is 

 subject to a su b stan tial fine and-or period of suspension. 
“ 4. Any player or coach guilty of intentional physical contact with an official shall autom atically he sus­ pended without pay for one gam e. A fine an d -o r a lo n g er p erio d of suspension will also result if circum ­ stances dictate.” 

T here were varying views of w hat one owner called “ one of worst seasons of player fights in league history.” 
Herb Brown, the Piston coach, said by telephone from D e tro it, “ They seem to allow so much hand checking and have an inconsistent approach to how they call it. There are also a lot of people who condone banging people with forearm s off the ball. Many tim es the officials are looking at the ball and 

 they don’t see the other pushing and shoving that goes on. 
“ Many of the fights occur by the frustration of constantly being pushed around. T hat’s evident in the disparity in the fouls and the num ber of tim es a team goes to the free throw line. The offenses have become so sophisticated, and there is so much movement away from the ball, and that creates prob­ lems for the defense. Players are also frustrated that some team s are being perm itted to use zone defenses.” 
.lim M cM illian, the New Y ork 
Knicks forward and player represen­ tative. said, “ With one league now, there are more pressures on the indi­ vidual players. Guys haven't played against each other before and is just a lot of feeling out to see how much they can get away with.” 
Trinity netters win 

Continued from Page IG the match when Mike Newberry beat 
T rinity’s Dave Benson, 6-1, 6-1, and 
C harles Strode spanked Mike Davidson in straight sets by the sam e scores. 
G iam m alva and Gottfried defeated 
M anson and Lew is, 7-5, 6-2, in the num ber one doubles. 
But, it was McKown and Iskersky 

 that gave Trinity its deciding point. 
McKown and Iskersky heat New­ berry and Lucchesi, 6-4, 6-1, to give the 
T ig ers an in su rm o n ta b le 
6-2 advantage. 
Strode and Prince boat Davidson and 
Benson, 6-3. 4-6, and 6-3. 
Trinity m eets Popperdine at 2 p.m. 
Thursday. 

Edwards Bears down 

HOUSTON — Moses Malone scored 26 points and Rudy Tomjanovich added 24 to lead the Houston Rockets to a 12o-113 vic­ tory over the Los Angeles Lakers Wednes- dasy night. 

Bullets win in OT 
LANDOVER. Md. (A P )—Phil Chenier sank a 
16-foot jum p shot with eight seconds to plav in overtime Wednesday night to give the streaking 
Washington Bullets a 115-113 victory over the Denver 
Nuggets. 
Chenier scored eight of the Bullets’ IO points in the extra period and wound up with 31. 
Elvin Hayes, who had 4o points Sunday, poured in 
44 for the Bullets, who now have won four in a row to boost their Central Division leading record to 37-24. 
David Thompson led a torrid Denver rally in the fourth quarter, scoring his team ’s last 18 points. 
His three-point play with 24 seconds rem aining gave the N uggets a 1o5-1o3 lead , but Tom 
Henderson’s jum per sent the gam e into overtime. 
The Bullets took an 86-7o lead into the fourth period but a com bination of D enver’s pressing defense and Thom pson's eight-for eight shooting brought Denver back. 

D E N V E R ( I I J I : Jones 4 6 8 14. T h om pson 14 #-12 36. Isse i 4 3 4 It. 
P rice 4 o o 8 , Tovlor ODDO, Silo s S 2 2 12, C a lvin 3 OO 6. M c C la in 3 12 I, 
W ise 4 O O 8. Webster 4 3 3 ll Totals 45 23 31— I U 
W A S H IN G T O N ( lll) : G r e v # v 2 o o 4. M o ve s 16 I? 16 44. U nveld JO O 
6. Chenier 13 5-5 31. H enderson 5 6-11 16. G ro v I o o 2. W righ t I O O 2. 
Hope holt 4 GO 8, W eiss I GO 2. R to r d a n O O O G Totals 46 23 32— 115 
Denver 
2$ 29 16 35 •— I U 
W ashington 
16 37 21 19 16— 115 
P o u te d o u t — G r a y 
T o ta l to u ts — D e n v e r 31, W a s h in g t o n 29 
Technical— Thom pson A — 15.186 

K A N S A S C IT Y I I U ) We.im«n g ? ? ii, Rotxn/lne 2 3 4 J, L a c e y 5 lo IO 2o, Taylor 9 GO !8. Boone 9 I 2 19 W ashington 5 GO IO. B o rr I 12 
5, C o s ins 2 3-3 7, Johnson J 2 2 6, M c C o rfe r o O O o. B ig e lo w I GO 2- 
Totois 45 22 25 112 
N E W Y O R K (1o6) - Bassett o 2 2 2, D a v is B t l 17, H u g h e s 2 o o 4, Won* 
I 57 9. yon Breck] Koltt 4 2 2 IO. Bantam 6 6 9 ll. H a w k in s 7 I 4 15. P o * 
I 6 9 12. Terry 5 >4 13. Totals 37 26 38 IOO 
K a n sa s City 
31)13636— 111 
N ew York 
21162613-16o 
Pooled out— Room *m e Totol tools— K o n so s Crtv 26. New Y o rk 27. 
A — 4.865. 
Pacers beat Braves 

R ockets 

Continued from Page IG leading BU rebounder with 7.4 caronic per game. 
“ I was very pleased with my year," 
Edwards adm itted. “ I am playing in­ side and a feel com fortable there. Also, 
Coach (Jim ) Haller has given me the green light to shoot whenever I am open. 
“ He has shown a lot of confidence in me and that in turn has given me a lot of confidence. He always assigns me to the opposition’s toughest player.” 
Edwards said the close loss to A&M and the defeat at SMU, the gam e in which Baylor led by 14, got the team down. 
“ We really were not weak defensi­ 

 vely.” he explained. “ It was .just that we m ade som e crucial m ental m is­ takes late in the gam e and wound up losing.” 
The 6-5, 24o-pounder said his beat gam e cam e in Baylor s 1o3-73 trium ph over SMU Feb. 15. He had a season- high 28 points and 14 rebounds. 
In last w eekend’s SWC first-round. 
72-7o victory over T exas, E d w ard s scored 21 points and had IO rebounds. 
“ To beat Tech,” Edwards said, his attention focusing on 
T hursdays gam e, “ We m ust shut down G rant 
Dukes and Mike Russell. I will proba­ bly guard Russell part of the gam e. 
“ I feel fit and ready to play. I can’t w ait.” 
Golden Gloves 

Continued from Page IG 
Thursday night’s lineup that match boxers with proven credentials. 
The W estside YMOA’s Alfredo Pas- tran , the defending regional junior flyweight cham p, will meet the parks and recreation dep artm en t’s G ilbert 
Favella in a featherweight m atch 
Fa vol la. is the defending Ju n io r 
O lym pics regional flyw eight c h a m ­ pion . 
G ilbert’s brother, Danny Favella, a regional lightweight titlist, will bump gloves with Lupe Rangel of the West­ side YMCA in'a welterweight battle. 
Local boxing coaches say, Rangel, 

 who boxed in the nov ice div ision a year ago, is probably the m ost im proved am ateur boxer in the city. 
Sammy Ayala, a national sem ifina­ list last year. will box in the light wel­ terw eight class, hut drew a bye for 
Thursday night. 

The Golden Gloves com petition is sanctioned by the A m ateur A thletic 
Union and will he judged under AAI rules. 
The only difference between the two organizations in this case, is the age lim itations imposed by the Golden 
Gloves. 

L O S A N G E L E S < 1 l3 ):F o rd 4 GO 8. R u sse ll IO O O 2o. A o a u i-jo o o o r / 
9-12 23. Allen 6 3-4 IS, C h onev I 2 3 4. Abernethy 1 4 4 6, K u p e r 3 OO 6. 
Neum ann 5 3-6 13, R obe rts o 12 I, T o lum 8 t i 17. To tals 45 23 32 
H O U S T O N H J O ):M alone 12 2 2 26. T o m ian o vich 12 o o 24. Kunnert 7 
3-5 17. L u ca s I 1-1 IS, M u rp h y 6 4 4 16. Jones 44 4 12. New ltn 5 O O IO. 
Totals S3 14 16. 
Lo s A ngele s 
28 3o 26 39— 113 
Houston 
39 78 34 39— 13o 
Total tools— L o s A n gele s 
19. 
Houston 
22 
T e c h n ic a l— Kunnert 
A — 1o,231. 

Kings burn Nets 

UNIONDALE. N Y. (AP) - Sam Lacey scored 12 of his 2o points in the third quarter as the Kansas 
City Kings pulled away from the New York Nets en route to a 112-1oo victory Wednesday night. 
Lacey and Ron Boone scored four points apiece as 
Kansas City snapped a 4o-4o tie with IO consecutive points late in the second quarter to take a 52-41 halftime lead. 

INDIANAPOLIS (A P) - G uard Bill} Knight scored 27 [Mints and WU Jones added 2o to lead a woll balanced Indiana Pacer offense to a 11o-1o8 basketball victory over the Buffalo Braves Wednes- dav, 
The Pacers cemented the victory a four [sunt play, making it 93-87 with 934 rem aining in the game. 

B U E R A L O ( 166): $humo*v o 1 2 I, D o n k e y 6 6 5 17. Johnson 2 o o 4. 
Sm ith 18 5 6 41. DK>r««or>o 4 2 J IO. G tonelli 4 1 2 9, A v e rill 4 OO 8, 
Get or a 8 o o 16, fo ste r I GO 2 A d am s o GO o. W illiam s o o o o Totals 47 
14 I# IOO 
IN D IA N A I I ii ) : H illm an J J 4 t Knight IO 7 7 27, Roundtieid o OOO. 
Bose 7 4 4 ll, V." I nam son 6 6 o 12, Bennett o 5 9 5, Jones 9 2 2 2o. 
R ooisch 4 9 9 17, » Iv rut I 3-4 9. G reen 1o o 2 Totals 42 12 29 I Ie 
B U F F A L O 
37 34 33 34-1 66 
IN D IA N A 
36 77 18 11 — 1)4 
Totals touts--Betta to 3o. In a Mina J J, A — 8,668 
Bulls cool Suns 

PHOENIX, Ariz. (AP) — Wilbur Holland pumped in six overtune points, including a layup steal with 
-JO seconds lo go, to boost the Chicago Bulls to a 
1o8-1o4 win over the Phoenix Suns in National 
Basketball Association action Wednesday night. 
Holland had 2o [joints in the second half and led the Bulls in scoring honors for the evening with 28. 
It was the fifth consecutive victory for Chicago which now has a 29-34 record. 
Phoenix has a string of six losses and a record of 
28-35. 
Ttie Bulls held a 7o-68 lead going into the fourth quarter Th** learns battled through several ties and lead changes before the Suns’ Keith Erickson hit a 
19-footer with one second lo go. to tie it at 98-ail. 
CHICAGO IIM ) J aru. wjn 7 4 4 ii. M a y s I 4 4 TO G ilm o re 8 7 11 23. 
Holland 12 t i IR. Van CRH 3 3 3 9. Ronde* lr* • J I 4. Men gen J Od 
4 M a r la I GG I Boer * in* ie I 6 6 2. B i r t i 6 o 6 6 fa ta l* 43 22 26 166 
P H O E N IX 1164): I a# r gti 6 3 2 M T Yon A**date 2 6 14 Adam * I 
GG 14, Lee I GO IG- W gripSai 1J 6 6 S O 
Yan ArvGgie I l l 5, 
Awn ev 7 i t 6, ItO W k I I I IL Erie Ryan 5 GG IG, StS*ugOh 6 6 / o . 
M n n d 6 GG G Tatoo 44 I i It 1o4 
C flu age 
U N U M tf-IG G r ti8,-T I 
IG TG 33 36 f t - IG* 
Fooled get-' joftnusn 
LG# 
Tetat I tune— Cam a g a 24. Pt»oe*n* 3a f gciMtccH - Aa**»» A — 6,61o 

Pioneer's SX-55o AM/FM stereo receiver has styling, flexi- bility, and great performance to match with a continuous power output of 2o watts par channel, minimum R M S at 8 ohms from 2o-2o,ooo H i with no more than o.3% total harmonic distortion. Grouped with a pair of Classic Model 
L-45o twelve inch three-way speakers and a B SR Mark IV changer complete and ready to play with base, dust cover and cartridge. A great buy from Sterling Sound! 

REG. 649.85 499.95 
Rag. 479.85 
359.95 

"THE BRYN M A W R " 
A complete sound system that's ready to plug in and pro­ vide years of great sound! The T E C H N IC S by Panasonic 
SA-5o6o AM /FM stereo receiver gives a room-filling 12 watts per channel, minimum R M S at 8 ohms from 4o to 
2o,ooo Hz with no more than o.9% total harmonic distor­ tion. The B SR Mark ll automatic changer is complete with base, dust cover, and cartridge, and system includes a pair of Elite Model 25 bookshelf speakers with 8-inch 2-way sound quality Truly a Sterling Sound investor's bargain! 

REG. 359.95 259.95 

The R ockets, trailing 58-57 at halftim e despite shootng 61 per cent, outscored the Lakers 34-26 in the third period as Malone hit nine poionts. 
Leading 91-87 a m inute into the fourth q u a rte r, 
H ouston hit six stra ig h t baskets to lead 97-98. 
With 7:1)8 left, Tomjanovich scored four straight goals to give the Rockets an ll point lead. 
Kareem A bdul-Jabbar led Los Angeles with 23 points and Cassie Russell had IS. 

NUA 
R o u n d u p 

"THE GLENDALE" 
"THE DANBURY” 

Outstanding performance, ample power and versatility! The 
Pioneer SX-45o AM /FM stereo receiver packs 15 watts R M S per channel at 8 ohms from 2O-2o,oOoHz, with no more than 
o.5% total harmonic distortion. System includes a B SR 2oo- 
B A X changer package and two Classic L-25o speaker systems. 

STERLING 
SO U N D 

CB AND CAR STEREO 
INSTALLATION AVAILABLE!! 

« u b o p p M 
JU, Borele t 

717 N W. LOOP 41o 
14o7 S W. MILITARY DR. 
411 PAT BOOKER RO. 
341-8111 
924-5951 
658-7o77 
(UNIVERSAL CITY) 

OPEN 3 NIGHTS AWEEK! 
MON. THURS. FRI IO 9; 
TUES Ii WED IO 6; SAT 9-6 

SHARP 

E L 8o2o e 

Super Thin Rechargeable 
Calculator in Leatherette 
Case. .Only 9/32" Thin 
• Liquid Crystal Display 
• 15 hour operation 
• Square root and % keys 
• 8 Digits 
Only 29.95 

ELECTRO-VOICE 
EVS-14B 
# 1o-INCH, 2-WAY 
STEREO SPEAKER 
SYSTEM IN 
WALNUT FINISH. 
Reg. 
1o9.95 79.95 

CLASSIC L-65o 
THREE-WAY STEREO 
SPEAKER SYSTEM 
TWELVE INCH 
WOOFER 

JOHNSON MESSENGER 13oA 

V ' 
# RADIOTELEPHONE 23 CH. 
_ 
JI CB TRANSCEIVER 
TI 
\ “ 
' m d 
79.95 

Rag. 12.95 9.95 

Jensen C9945 TR I AXAL 
Speaker Kit 

Unbeatable Sound 
Poi Your Car! 
Reg, 95.95 79.95 

Rag. 199.95 

119.95 

SW B/IRK 7o6 & C R A IG 9413 S P E A K E R S 
Unbeatable Combo! 

8-D IG IT 

C A L C U L A T O R W ITH 
M E M O R Y ! 

• IN D A S H AM /FM S T E R E O R A D IO 
• 8 T R A C K TAPE P L A Y E R g P A IR O F C R A IG 'S G R E A T 
F L U S H M O U N T S P E A K E R S 

Reg. 118.9o 
89.95 

Technics S L 2o with 
Shure M 91ED -EP Cartridge 

• Servo Belt-Drive 
Turntable. 
• Electronic speed change. 
• Precision controls. 

Reg. 159.9o 119.95 

C O M P L E T E 2 3 -C H A N N E L C B P A C K A G E 

6 Functions Packed 
Into a Beautiful 
Rugged Case. 

C R A IG T-6o1 A M /FM ST E R E O / C A SSE T T E P L A Y E R 
W ITH A P A IR O F JE N SE N 9853 S P E A K E R S 

CRAIG 3145 IN-DASH AM/FM STEREO 
RADIO WITH 8-TRACK 
1*4.9o 
TAPE PLAYER 
129.95 
W/ Craig 9427 flush-mount speaker kit! 

Craig 
41o2 CB 

Audiovox CB A-11o 
Base Loaded Antenna 
Includes Hardware 
And Tools. 

• Large S/RF meter 
• P. A. and external speaker jack. 
• Illuminated channel indicator 
• Great CB value! 

O N L Y 
79.95 

ERC836o/BSR 4 8 o o o X 

Sounds Great, Priced Right! 
Complete Home Stereo System 
• AM /FM Stereo Receiver. 
• 8-Track Tape Player. 
• 2-HI-FI Speakers. 
• Complete B SR Change* 
/ r ~ 
Reg. 199.9o 
139.95 

Power to spare with this Craig beauty. All the features needed to push great sound through the famous Jensen flush-mount speakers. 

SAN ANTONIO EXPRESS— Thursday March 3 1977 

APEI M i d i s HOME SWEET HOME 

S ave" 2o lo IOO 
O pen Hearth 

 f * 1 
1499.95 sofa. 
V * P A p r i n t .............. 
\ M> 
1449.95 demi 
J-** 
62-in cli . . . . 
$329.95 Accent chair . 
5139.95 O ttom an___ 
1599.95 Sleeper......... 

SAVE *15o 

 t 'W.Q'i 8^-in. sofa-sliTjMT ojh iis to a ilk 72-in. queen width bed. I IO.Kit 

Luxurious sofa in leather-look vin 

Omturian: today's great net* look! Features biickct-seat ells'll it Ult*. Lavishly stuffed with judx urethane foam. Deep button-tufting. Anti bra->-plated arm cap anti nailht*atl trim. BT* 
Haverford 

I -<* Scar* Ea>»> Pavinenl Plan 
SAVE *2o-*3o! Decorator tables at holiday savings 

Beautifully designed tables done up in 3 great 
Regular si.*19.95 to SI89.95 styles. Country in <*ak anti oak veneers. Early aa aa 
-w aa Cl 
American in pine anti pine veneers. Or eon* i i i l o t l 
I i l o O temporary style in t»ak and oak veneers topped 77 lo 1 o 7 
With elegant smoked, plate gla>*. Save now! 

Sears 
Where America shops 

Sear** Pricing Policy! lf an item i* no! described a* reduced, or a »pccial purrl»a-c, it i* a* it’" regular price. \ special pur* clinic, tlioii"li not reduced, i* an exceptional value. 

S IA HS. KO »Bl ( K ANO « O. 

Satisfaction Guaranteed or Your Money Back 

I low ulow u I Mu/a Store 
Soledad ut Navarro 
Moo. and I hurt*. Mi,’MMI 
Xii other tlav* 4I;.’MM» 

Military llrivc Store at Pleasanton Itll. lion. thru Sui. 

Central Park Store 
Sail Pedro at Coop I IO 
Mon. thru Sat. 
9x3o*9 

SA N A N T O N IO EXPRESS— Thursday March 3 1977 
Talk about massive master bedroom s 
Sears 
SAVE 
*3oo 
NOW 

O aken Splendor ... light grained oak 

S u ite iiie lm le *: 

• 5 ilr a n cr e lic it 

• 7o-in. trip le d re x M 'r 

• I le e k p late m ir r o r 

• F n ll-ip ie e n *.i/,e liea«il»oar«l 
Regular 

O a k e n S p le n d o r make*, a distinctive decorating statement. W ith it* light grained oak veneers over so lid oak. hatched (lo w e r detaining. Am i fancy brash-plated hard wan*. 

$ 1 8 9 .9 5 M a t c h in g K in g -siz e 

 li**ad hoard................ 159.95 

Nightstand................. 
159.95 

C o u n t r y C o l o n i a l . . . SA N E ' I O O 

....................... 
Regular 
S S W .9 S 
• .> urancr che*! 

• O l-in . trip le ilr e s M 'r 

• P la te m ir r o r 

• F u ll-O n c c il lii .o llx ta ril 

Q uincy H a ll is h a n d s o m e ly designed vs itll a m ellow maple 

 fin ish over hardwood*, and simulated womb, (-ouiitry charm. 

1 149.95 k in g s iz e liead 1)o4rd . . . I2 9 .B U 
N igh tsta n d 
1 2 9 .9 5 

( '.lassie M e d ite r r a n e a n . . . SAY E *1oo 

Suite includes: lle gn la r 8799.95 

• 5 - d r a w e r c h e * ! 
• fiH-in. triple dresser 
A o n 
» 
» twin plate glass mirrors 
• Full-iptecn headboard 

M ajesty: really fine craftsm anship! Featuring 

-.olid oak pilasters and hardwood fronts top­ 

 ped I»> a *atin-sm ooth pecan finish. 

$ I 19.95 K in g—i/e headboard........... 
129.88 
Nightstand....................................... 
129.95 

SAN AN TO N IO EXPRESS— Thursday March 3 I 9 7 7 

Wake up America! 

Enjoy firm foam 

 or innerspring 

 support 

FOR 
ONLY 
T m iii 

Saint* Iom prior fa r Serofoain m attress 

• I J! 1 -fo il in n ersp rin g (2 5 2 coils iii fu ll) Or 
• Buoyant SVj-in. Serofoain p o ly u reth an e 
• Sag-resistant co n struction 
• Tots o f thick padding fo r ad d ed cushioning 
• All topped by lu x u rio u s q u ilted covers 
• 11 tir o ! O ffer tunis M arch 3 1 st 

'I'miii (tov spring 
. ............................................ l ull maitre-* or l»o\ spring 
.......................... STR 
2-pe. tp ie e o - i/e -e l. ii in e r - p r iiig .............................I RU.HR 
3-pe. kiiiu size -e l. i n n e r - p r i n g ................................229.B R 

\ - k a b o u t S e a r - ecetlil p la n * 

T w ice as m any coils as m attress above: 
Sears-o-pedic I® 
95 

Even firmer: 

Sears-o-petlic'" III 
79 
Tm iii m a itr e — o r J»o\ -p riu g 

Sears-o-|M‘<lit * 
I features 381 innerspring toil- (TH in filth. Or h'T-in. polyurethane and pols niche loam. 

 l ull mattress or box spring................. *>9.95 
2-pe. queen size s e t.............................. 2 5 9 .9 5 
3-pe, king size s e t 
............... 3 7 9 .9 5 

V special l»ity lliotiglt not rethieed i* still an exceptional value 

I m iii m a itr e — or l»o\ -priug 

C h o o s e 
T O l - r n i i innerspring 
(TIO coils in fu ll). Or 6-in. polym eric foam. itll richly padded quilt top-. 

Full m ai tre-- or Im>\ p r i u g ................. 
I 1*1.95 
2-pe. ipiceii -•/* 
| ............................. .‘11*1.95 
3-JM’. king *i/e 
. ........................... 
1 2 9 .9 5 

Oaken Splendor brings out the best in country styling 

 ll 

% 

 i 
* 
•> 

Vi'k 
S r a < loin c n ic n t ( I m l i l P lans 

Suite inelmles: 

*♦ 
• o<»-in. trestle table 
\ 
• 
I hnhlerhaek. upholstered 
SAVE *2oo 
799 

'iii*1 .uni 2 arm chairs 
• 
I aillt* leal 

S7.">o M a t c h in g 6 6 - in . 

 b u i l d a n ti I 
I ml e h 

R e g u l a r S I O O O 

S 
E '2 o o o n c o n n 

 casual o a k p arly *ct 

**••1» itiilv ... iii. Iud.' iH idgiill iMrlv Mbit* .iud l.n ir . hair- lira — .n « ••«ii- o n laid. .i m.I upli.d-l.-r.-d .'hair». 
R e g u la r t f â W 

SAVE *4oo 
(.lassie Mediterranean Suite 

Includes: 

• 4 Iii ilia base, tleek 
• I2\<d»-in. table tijieii- lo TH iii. u itll 12-in. leal 
• 4 *iile chairs 

R e g u l a r * I IO O 

Majesty is hüiiilsiiiiel\ cralleii ol -clci t hardwood* ami 

|M*ean veneer'*. NX itll sim ulated wood overlap» on door*. 

S*e it mm al big savings! 

I l i a \r»n i hair. . SHI» 
*1 o E x ira l eaf. . .1*25 

P r ic e s b o o d thru i l i u r s . . March .'ii-I 

F SAN ANTONIO EXPRESS— Thursday March 3 1977 

Sears SALE! 

Petit Plume damask draperies in 12 superb colors, and all washable! 

Lowes! Price in 3 Years! 
SAVE 23 % 

K r^ iilar s 1 2 .9 9 pi*. aa 
9 pi*.. r» o \ ir» iii. lo ttoP 

Dainty feathery patterns are ac­ tually woven in. lf* give this eot- tou and polyester drapery a rich two-tone effect. And this wash­ able P en n a-Prest" drapery needs no ironing when tum bled dry! 
\\ itll in ulating acrylic foam back that helps drapery keep it- shape. 

 sft.oo Tie-back 
................ >.88 

S \ \ F «»n o i l i e r a l* o ! 

 so. ll. it. Priei' 
Sal. I*rir. 
73x la iii. 
2o.oo 
17.tut 

UNK la-in. 
27.oo 
22.HK 
MKO ’, in. 
1.1.44 to. tut 
75xo3 in. 
2 I .‘H> 
22.HH 
UNKO.’t iii. 
31 .‘HI 
2H.HH "I 

 att xii I iu. 
15.44 
I I .ms 
75xHI in. 
2K.‘H» 
23.ms 

KMKHI in. 
;t4».oo 
.it.ms 

12axH I in. 
IO.‘HI 
3o.HH 
I 54 KH I in. 
51.44 
11.ms 
I <.n itre . IOx 
IN* in. Mille 
I I .‘HI o.mi 

( lim ie r. M»\ 
112 in. m iile 
2 1 .OO 
III HK 

H i m s a t i l r u M 
.tn.oo 
33.HH 

ALSO ON S XLK! 

Decorative traverse rodllaa 
K t-geiicv, steel .rod iii 3 finishes. 
W itll trad itio n al plastic h o u rg lass finials. Fits w indow s to to 52 ill. wide. H ernial’ $ |3 .4W. 
$23.99, 52 to *MI in. with*......................... 19.88 

$31.9*1. 8 2 lo IS O tit. wide.................................. 
2 7 . 8 8 

B ed sp read * , of cotton and polyester. In 7 coordinal- m w j ^ in)! color.. Tl.row-slyle, 
K. p.lur sl.V W 

MO W Q u een . 3lt.HU 
*!»3.«W Kiii|i . . 
13.tilt 

Chrome-plated accents shine with sax tugs 
2o% to 27% O FF 

Fiddlesticks accents! 
C h ro m e-plated steel frames, leather-look black vinyl, tem pered g lass-it all adds up to a great look for your home! T h ey ’re so inex­ pensive because you (int them together 
(we include tool and ea-y instruction*). 
See them on sale now ami -ave! 

A Nat k tables. regular s lil.'H I............. I ft. IU 
B IManl -laud. regular s 3 o .o o ....... . 
2o.tut 
C En d lalde. regular kit 1.9o. 
....... 27.Ult 
o I im k tail laid'*, lit: 11 la I I kl. 9 9 ......... .12.HH 
E. Magazine rat k. regular M O .9 o 
I I.Hit 
F. Etagere, regular *>7 L4* o ........................... 5 5 .8 8 
. G P u velu r * I hail . regular s Mi.99 . . . . 2o.Ult 
H Hunt Ii table, regular I 2 L 9 9 ........... IH. tit 
J. N ev iii” t art. regular *7 1,91 
55.tut 
(Hill »!#«»'« ut 
Everything renter, regular $ o o .o 9 ........71.88 

I 

P ric e s C o n d th r u A cd ., M a r d i *Ml» 

Sears 
1/2 PRICE 

25% OFF 
C l S T O M 
Upholstery fabrics 
Special selected orotip 

SA N A N T O N IO EXPRESS— Thursday March 3 1 9 7 7 

(Lined with Royale Lining) 

11«‘r***>-> a w onderful opportunity to refurbish your windows! now. you eau save h alf o f the labor cost on all custom ti rape ries. C h o ose from a wide .-.fleetion o f eustom fabrics. open weaves, sheers or solids; patterns t»r prints. Installation not included. 

LABOR on all 
Custom 
Drapes 

V-h A bout S e a r * C r e d it P la n s 
SAYE 25 % 

Custom woven woods and window blinds 
CHOOSE FROM OI R ENTIRE STOCK! 

I A lstom w o v en w o o d - rom e in a wide array o f col- 
C u sto m b lin d - are part «d' today'- window tleeor! ort ul d e eo rati\e yarns and lini-lies! (.b o ose Irom 
Available in eolor- that mix ar malt Ii v\ 11 Ii \o u r natural, -tam ed or painted wood reed-, all ri« lily room -« bem e. Sear- eii-tom blind- p ro tid e pri\a« \ textured. M ain six It*- ftir window-, door- or room anti beauty. di\ iller-! 

 lor free estim ate* aud decorating atbiee. 

D o h . , i o u , , Plaza ...................... 2 2 8 *1 I2 8 
Military Drive .......................... 228-5o28 
Central Park ............................ 2 2 8*5125 

Sears 

SAN ANTONIO EXPRESS— Thursday March 3 1977__________Poge 
7-H 
Fashion 
Perma-Prest* sheets 
AT GREAT LOW PRICES 

Even al price* I h i s low yon can gel >lieel-> this beautiful! Floral or stripe in yellow and green o r b lu e and p in k on white background. Mix or match with solid* in pink, yellow* or blue. Easy care cotton and polyester muslin. Slock up now! 

Full size sh eet........................... . . . . 2 .9 9 king size sh e e t........................ ____7 .<P> 
Standard pillowcases, pr. . . . 
2 .2 9 
Queen pillowcases, pr............. ___ 2 .1 9 

M ix and m atch solid s, p a tte rn s! 
1 

9 
9 

Twin size 

C T 9 
9 
Queen size 

SPECIAL PURCHASE 

A special p u rch a se , thou gh not red u ce*!, is an excep tio n al »alue 

SAVE 

1 
5 
% 
, 
. 
. 
2 
o 
% 

Poly ewtt* refilled pad# with water-resistant backing 

Twin size, Hat st}lr 
Regular $6.99 
Silting Dacron 
WI pohe»ter fill add* a Miff comfort. The HUtrr-rt H’-Uilt |*ol victor hurkillg protert* sour mutter—. I Olton moi pol triter 
* IN-mia-Pn^i 
**U'V care top. 

* r a is in . fiiuM 
7.59 ft fcW Full. fbi 
7.19 
#1o.99 lull. 
. . 
9.29 I H -SiOu. . . filMl 
♦ IOMI King fin, ,1 . 
I I. .19 

:4-<' 

M ' > 

 the label of confidence 

SAN ANTONIO EXPRESS— Thursdoy Morch 3 1977 

Rich carpets with 
►day’s ease of care! 

'f" 
* ■» 

You ll bhd this label on 
Sea^s carpets You can be confident because it cam es a lull descrip­ tion fibers, structure thickness durability and care instructions it s another reason so many people buy carpet from 
Sears* 

A n d re a H I is a delist*, diag plush nylon pile carpet with a subtle trace of pattern that heightens eve interest! Available in 
16 colors that range from soft to shock­ ing. this rich, lustrous carpet is resistant to showing soil and stains. 
o * 1 7 
R e g u l a r S I 2 . 9 9 
O s|. ut. 

A rtistry ll is a lush and closely tufted carpet with sink-ill softness and bounce­ back toughness, (.boose from lo magnifi­ cent coloni, all designed to liven your room setting. ^ ears of hcautv. 

 l f c e l l a r ^ 
8 
. 9 
9 i 
M I. X«l. 

 i>ew I m i m i c is a sculptured avion pile carpet in tin* traditionally graceful scroll design, (.boose from *) beautiful lilies; in hold or shy s o l i d s , and interesting tone- on-tone colorations. 
*"*<><) 
R e g u l a r 8 8 .9 9 
I 
M |. Xii. 

V-k about S«-ars c ro 

Carpet and Drapery ('.leaning 

( ’.all: (>.>(>-}{ I OO 

SAN ANTONIO EXPRESS— Thursday March 3 I 977 
ONLY for this Kenmore vacuum cleaner with 
I revolving brush 

SAVE *1o 
Kenmore upright with 4 rug-height adjustments 

F ii ll 
Im loper guard 
Ii«* I |».h protect furniture from nicking, scratching. 

I win tans draw strong suction across entire front c«lge of cleaner. 
Beater brush powers out deep-down dirt, sweeps it up with efficient twiu-fan ac­ tion. Adjusts to four rug heights to clean indoor-out­ door to dense shag. 3-posi- tion a d ju s t a b le handle. 

3 -position handle ad­ justs to let you clean easily under furniture. 

Ask about Sears 

 convenient credit plans 

374o 

ONLY *79 

With tool to dust. hare floors 

 for this Powerniate^ vac 

 with motorized brush to 

 deen-clean carnets 

Nozzle fo r vacuum ing upholstery 

B r u s h fo r d u s t i n g furniture, 
Vi a l l s 

Page JO H 
SAN ANTONIO EXPRESS— Thursday March 3 I 977 

 t 

Sears 
SALE! Save *7o each on these console stereos 

*1o off. Rig screen c o lo r TV 

['a id e m o d e l T V h a s l« M n . 
K e g . $ I 1 9 . 9 .% 

Ii a g o n a l m e a s u r e p i c t u r e , 
- 

LOO'/f 
?o 1id -« ta tc c h a - s is . 
/ I 
I 

 m c - h u ttu ii c o lo r I n n in g . 
^ 

Portable TV ran be moved (rom room to room, fits easily on shelf or counter. 

3o75 
St r n ii Ii* ( r d TI wr|>l» 

2 o off! Black and w hite portable T \ 

Keg. S I2 9 .9 5 

1 o 9 11 

T V has 12-in. diagonal m e a su r e p ic tu r e . 1oo'< s o lid -s ta te ch a ssis, suii- 

 s h i e ld , earphone ja c k . 

“3 o o il o en. it. com pact freezer 

B a sk et slitles or lifts o u t for 
B o o . # 2 1 9 . 9 5 cas\v access It* food. I (tin- w alt construction. 
Fatty- 
o|>Ctl w o o d • grain ed 
\ illy I 

 litl w ith deluxe handle. 

T T I 1 9 

2 1 9 ' ' 
E conom ically priced 4 ,5 o o BTI ll rooin-size window air conditioner 

This HIGH EFFICIENCY air conditioner also has Super Thrust feature. Has adjustable 
1-way air direction control as well as exhaust and fresh air settings. 

SAVE *5o on 
2 1 .o o o HTCH air conditioner 

HIGH EFFICIENCY win- 
Reg. *I79.**5 ilow unit w ith Super T hrust 
« feature. 3 fan speeds, 4-way 
/ I %/ 
\ 
I 
' * 

Save now on bO-in. console stereo col- 
O onial or Mediterranean style! 8-track play- 
H 
C J m3 record system plus 
A M /F M /F M stereo 
£ 
W 
W 
M 
<s- radio. filii size automatic record changer. 
B i g . Is i 
. .» 

Lay-Away now at SALE PRICES! 
A sm all d ep osit dow n p laces your selection in I .av-A way 
SAVE “3o on 
14,ooo BTUH w indow air conditioner 

 r 
3 8 9 95 

Buy KENMORE Appliances 

 with Confidence 

You get these Kenmore customer benefits: 
1. Customer setisfaction 
2. Service is available na­ tionwide 
3 Delivery and installation available as pert ol the purchase price or at an additional charge 

4 Quality and dependability 
5 Wide selection 
8 Sears has a credit plan to suit most every need 

Ash your salesperson for full details 

K e n t I HHV. S i ii id a s i S e a rs 

St*ar* price 
$ 1 2 9 

Enjoy air conditioned comfort at an economy price. 
Kemoves excess moisture, as it cools aud conditions room air. No 
Apodal wiring needed; 

 j u s t plug in and cool. 
Sub* price* in effect thru Sat., Apr. 2 

VS tty I n ly a tt a i r c o n d i t i o n e r n o w ? 

/ No*, nio-t S«-ur- uir conditioner- art­ ou —alt*. ( Jioo-t o u r lo fit your nrrd*. 
/ No** you |;t I y *»idt- t L o ire — in< h id in g many High K fflrirnry iimmI*--I,. 

J No*, pct a I KEI. boun air-eondilioniog lu ro y. No obligation, of t*our»e. 
/ N«t*% you'll find a aid** i-lioirr of im ** fra lu rr,—im hiding Su|N r I bru-l 
4 No*, you'll bt- n a il) f«*r that fir-! bot day v*sit* a ne** Hear* air rotidiliont-r. 

SAN ANTONIO EXPRESS— Thursday March 3 I 977 
Page I I -H 

Sears 
SAYE *5o on 19.1 cu. ft. 

6 7 4 o 1 
I 1.o CU. ft. refrigerator 

 price 

B i " It .73 < i i . f». rc ( r i« i Ml<ir. 
2.ll*) ll. fr< -i/*T . VIj i i i m I 

■ lcfro-l. I rr'|H-r«. Im w h ile . 
Ask boul S e a rs credit plans 

*4o off microwave with defrost cycle 
25995 
Automatic defrost cycle s|>eeds foods from the freezer lo your table! I se 6oo watt set­ ting for fast cooking, 3oo viatt setting for de­ frost. 2o-niin. timer. Cookbook. 
JL k if 

He^tilar 
*2 9 9 .9 5 

72 7 7 1 
C o n tin u o u s cle a n in g oven ends most messy and tiresom e scouring chores, for it cleans as it cooks! 

A ll- F r o s t le s s side-by-side with rollers 
95 
519 

Iii w hit** 
Heir. * 5 o 9 .9 5 

Forget defrosting forever! 12.72 en. ft. refrig­ erator, 6.31 en. ft. freezer. Removable Dyna- 
Wliite™ epoxy enamel finish slielxes resist scratches. Porcelain enameled steel liner. 

POWI R MISIC 

Pow er M iser sw itch helps sav e on elec­ t r ic it y w hen h u ­ m idity is low. 

A l l - f r o s t l e s s , so there’s no m essy de­ frosting! F rost just can ’t form . 
SAVE *6o on eoiitmiious- clcaning gas range 

SA L E 33995 

R egular * 3 9 9 .9 5 . 
Continuous cleaning and rook and oft automatic oven. I.o- 
IVinn oxen control. Full black gla ss oxen door w ti-li 
Visi-Hakc’ window. 
Electric clock, l-liour timer. I ii xx (lite. 

SAVE *7o 
Electric range haw ceramic rooktop 
399” 

R e g u la r 
S 1o9.9.5. 
Specially coated oxen interior. \iitn iiiJlie 
921171 ox en featu rin g a conv cn icin 
\ ii.I-B ake1 w iiiilow. 

C O L I ) HEAT 
C o o k s fab ler, up rooking keeps kilt'll- lo TO' v laster than rn root a, no heat in rooking un a con* 

 p ru e ra trd by ox rn. 
\rn tio ii.il ran ge. 

Sale prices in effect thru Sal., Apr. 2 

Where America shops for fine Kenmore home appliances 

Page 
I 2-H 
S A N A N T O N IO E X P R E S S — Thursday M arch 3 1 9 7 7 

Kenm ore large-capacity 

 laundry pair 

SALE! Save s4 o on Lady Kenm ore rn 
% 
13-cvcle Masher 
359 

Ila- (lie revolutionary Dual \« (iou agitator! 
13-eveles — our most versatile seleelion. 1 
Mater levels plus extra low level, sci I'm lean* aug filter, time Ii more! I i i white. 

Kenmore automatic* washer 

$219 

Make your Maculas easy with this Llrg<*- rapucity washer! Ila- Wk J more washing space than our standanheapaeity washers! 
Wash/riii-e combination- are pre-set. 
White. 

Permanent p re s s dryer 

* 179 

Washdav i- a hree/.e with 
(Iii- large- eapaeitv electric dryer! (lot tun/sturdy, pernianeiit press, "air only settings for all your washable*. 
Top-mounted lint screen. In yyhite. 

Vsk about Sears credit plans 

SAVE “2o on large-capacity 
3-cycle washer 
23995 

K e g ttlu r 
T lii- fa m ily -ix e d w asher ha- t e yrie * to care fo r all y o u r w a -h a h h ‘s! 
I w aler level- let you Use jn-t the a m o u nt o f.w a le r you need, i tem perature-. P orcelain- enam eled top. I i i w lute. 

26931 

Buy KENMORE Appliances with Conf idence 

1. Cuatomor aattataction 
I. MOd* asisction 
I. Sorvica la avaMaMa nationwida 
Cr adit to aud moat ovary nood t. Ooh vary and malathion av anabia aa 
Aah your aalaaporaon tor lull dstaila ivory ai port of tho pur chaa# pried or OI on addi­ tional cd argo 
4. Quality and dopondabHtty 
Ken mon*. Solid its Scant) 

Sale prices in effect lliru Sal., Apr. 

Kenmore dry era require either eleetrieal or gu» connectors w Inch are not included in the price shown 

SAN ANTONIO EXPRESS— Thufidoy March 3 1977 
Page t3-H 

$' 

Q 

 on Sears Best built-in dishwasher 

Sears 

• All-level washing action for efficient cleaning 
• Pot and pan cycle with 3 detergent washes 
• San i-temp . . . gives dishes a 155° final rinse 
• Power Miser switch helps conserve energy 
• No pre-rinsing . . . no messy filter*, to clean 

Regular *349.95 . . . Sale ends Mar. 31 or while quantities last 

Installation extra 

Our finest built-in dishwasher is packed with valuable features! Detergent is au­ tomatically dispensed during each wa*h phase. Forced air drying. Sliding console panel conceals pushbutton controls. Revers­ ible front panels . . . white, black, avocado, 
Copperton, tawny gold. 

Itcplabem ciit installation for o o h . . . S 5 o 

Jolt in. I l abor to iv. mm .-. t lo • •»(<- 4|»}iro«.*<l |iloitiliio<! j i h I ••bv* lr i« al « \«trim . A<l<iiti»tial rh.M jjf fo r ji>u n i t .oui < 4rjH*tntr\. m ir k ii 
IMS .t.-.l 
SALE! Save 1o% on 
3-tab glass fiber shingles 

\ fire ra tin g 

• SO 1/* m o r e asp h alt than 
M a n d a n ! shingle* 
• Vxailaldc iii fu n g u s re sista n t whit** 

Cull lu r I R F F E stim a te , no o b lig atio n 

Dom Ilion ii P la z a 
M ilitu n D r i \ e i r it u al P a r k 
228.4161 
228.5o61 
228-5164 

 or- 
Wm 

Sears IO x 2o-foot patio cover 

Ila* whit** a Im ii i ii ii h i «-«»v - 
^*ear* p ric e cr with built-in gutter. ^ 
^ 

Mali. |h*-|h and iiMalla- 
I lion available at «*\tra ««».i 
J L \ j r 
25% Off 

ALL 
Custom Built 
Patio ("overs 

S a le thru S a t.. \p r . 2 

SAYE *3 

Limited warranty 
Sears paints, when applied according to directions, will cover any color with one coat (except rough or textured surfaces) where indicated by checkmark in the chart and have the qualities indicated for the years shown in the chart, or contact Sears and you get necessary additional paint or your money back. 

This warranty does not include labor or cost of labor for the application of any paint. 

Interior paints 

P i l a f X * . 
I 
C o a t 
Vt a s k a b le 
C o lo r f a s t 
S ta te r e m o v a l 
S p o t r a . i . t a n l 
D u n - b llliy 
82oo5 
✓ 
1 
J 
751*o5 
/ 
3 > TS. 
3 yrs. 

Exterior (ta ilits 

P a id ! N a . 
I C a l l 
N u C h a lk 
S ta m in a 
M oo 
% e lh iw ia g 
23oo5 
✓ 
3 f rn. 
25oo5 
J 
5 yrs. 

14-H 
SAN ANTONIO EXPRESS— Thursday March 3 1977 

 on warranted 
I -coat exterior latex paint 

R e g u la r £ 9 .9 9 . 
W a rra n te d 
I -coat au d n o n -y e llo w in g . D rie s < |iiic k l\ to a d u ra b le 
Hat fin is h . H a n d s a n d to o ls c le a n nj* w ith soap a m i w a te r. In 19 c o lo rs . 

S ave ” 1 3 o o n 2-111* 
Craftsm an sprayer 

 it..t. WW.*** 
2 6 9 <w 

 tit itll 
- pryx 
(jim. 
Il« liw r* K.B si LM 4i to IM 12*. PSI UMI- u n u m . 2o-pal. a ir lan k . 

S ale p ric e o il s p ra y e r 

 th ru S a t.. V p r. 2 

Washable latex semi pions 
K.-u. SO.OO 
(jai. 
W all anil trim paint rov­ ers in our roat, is wash­ able, colorfast. It rolors. 

 r>oor> 

One-coat latex interior flat 
4r’Ui,,. 

I.ates wall paint rovers in just one roat, is rolorfast, quick drying. It rolors. 

2.>oo.> 

P a in t p ric e * in e ffe c t I ii in Vt c d .. 
M a r. 2 3 

I-Coat Oil Bane 
House-Trim Paint 

Kk - s i-v " 
1 o " V 

Our toughest oil paint. 
Protects against weathering, fumes. No chalk washdown. 

Ask 
About 
Sears 
Convenient 
Credit 
Plans 

Sale prices thru Sat., April 2 

Sears Pernianex trash containers 

R e g u la r I 1 .9 9 

S e a rs la it te s te d 
32-gal 

These rugged container* resist freeze-crack' tug down lo — 2o F, aud heat-warping tip It 

T IS O I . Handles Im.1.1 up to 2oo-IIm ., too 

2*9.99 Pernianex container. 2o gal.. . . . 6,9* 

Save *2 fluorescent utility light 

 n un 

B rig h t, p ra c tic a l lig h t fo r any ut Hit x a rca ! ^ h ilt* e n a m e le d steel fra m e . O i l ­ 

 in g m o u n t, o r h a n g w ith in c lu d e d h o o k s a u d c h a in . 
W it l l tw o 4o-watt 

 ra p id s ta rt b u lb s . 
Oil sale th ru T hursday, March IT 
• Electrical D epartm ent 

( d o w in g s ix -lig h t c h a n d e lie r w ith th e n r g e m -lik e s p a rk le o f c ry s ta l g la » ! A n ­ tiq u e brass fin is h e d c o lu m n , c ro w n a m i a rm s. It ! p ris m s and 12 je w e ls ." 
B u lb s e x tra . 

It. Beguine 869.99 

R o m a n c e 
. . . tw o -tie r, te n -lig h t c a n ­ 

 d e la b ra 
* t \ lc c h a n d e lie r. 
B e a u tifu l^ c ra fte d , s u b tly a n tiq u e d s o lid b ro n z e fra m e d a n g le s e ig h ty s h im m e rin g 

 c ry s ta l g la *- p ris m s . 

*2o to *4o on chandeliers with the star bright sparkle o f crystal 

9 9 
A. Regular 899.99 

SAYE 

SA N A N TO N IO EXPRESS— Thursday March 3 I 977 
Page I 5-H 

TW” 

Quick-Release 

Craftsman Ratchet 

Sears 
Features o f our Hardware W eek Sale 

■J* cut*.. 

^arT^!/ 
ECB 

C C A RC 
FU LL U N LIM ITED 
W A RR AN T Y 

 lf Craftsman hand tools fail to give complete satisfaction, re­ turn for free replacement. 
SAVE *43™... 
Craftsman 6o-piece tool set 

 llc ^ iiL ir se p a ra te |h c c c p ric e $ 9 3 . 7 7 . Ver-atik* iticclia iiicV tool 
SALE 
-et I»♦*11 you tai kl«* m any autom otive ami hou-ehold join. Y o u «:«*t a 

 hefty '/j-iu. drive <|uiek-re|ea*e ratchet plus a kw-in. drive <|ui< k- 
/ ■ ^ 
\ 
O 

 ri‘lea-e rateliet with adapter to liamlle Vi-in. socket*. A k o includes a 

 big variety ol tickets, wrenches, screwdrivers. 

*1o o ff Seans eledtrie ed ge r 

H. K. r>l.99 
4 4 ^ 

V t*r*atilr! 
Kiltie*, trim * , 
Iri'iichi*!*, I»♦*%«*!<«. I hcittlit*. 
T rim m in g blini** rv»r«. 

Save *2o on 
W eek H ack cr 

Mi g. 

O a f l - m u i t \\ «*r«|wa« k i‘r trim m e r UM-* n> lu ll \%t*i|> fur trim m in g , c a g in g . 

Save *2o on Craftsman 
.5-RP Eager-1 mower 

SALE 

9o732 

Sale prices thru Sat., Apr. 2 

R e gu la r 
S| ,| ‘I.W . 
Easy "ta rtin g 
.i.5-re- 
'.erve-power m ow er ha* low melting fo r * a»\ job*, h igh setting for lo u g h one*! Ila * height netting* and 2 -p o silio n h a n d le that folds lo r cany 
"forage. C u t* w id** 2o-iu. 
*watli. 

> IO O ff. . . 
< r a il- o ia ii 2 2 -iu . t a ile r - 1 
M o w e r 
".aa in Mirii 
"JOO.*#** 

> 
Sears 

Saltufaclton Guarantee* or Your Money Hack 
Sears 

Ask about Sear* credit plan* 

S uburban Shop nab* priers ib m Sal.. Apr. 2 

Where America shops 

I kl. nil I. a PUU MMT 
S.k-dud a Vwru 
Mo* awd lluif' %.1M 
MI othrf (Ut' ♦‘JMT* 

 lihurt llritr Marc a OnisMiM ltd 
Mo* lltrii sa. 

I rnlrul Pitri Morr 
S*a Pf ti rn a I no lid 
Mon thru Sol. 

Sn inniillil. |i.itiiMitl on ruling or lii‘«ii (ta ilo r' nill it June on Star* I k lf r n d 
I U't I'atini'ol I'lan. l l Io u will lo* a linum'** 
.lu n g. lur llir ii* It rrul |o-rio«l|, 

M It . II HOU HOOK ''ll ( l i t - (tun-1 iii iii' iiml ' i r t it i ' 'lot h i i al'ti (ll St iylilioi'liooil -lo r t'l 
Sail* i -Iii 
‘X ii Mantli ru Itll. 
H a m M iir/ltai-lt al 
HMH* V M M . M hilt Itll. 
I nit* r-al t ii) 
(iT l-.Vtl I 
U 22: WI 
Itilliiuuu H-li-13TH 
Htil.’t Pill llotiki r Hit. 
(taH-7 I'M 

 rt.iiiM I 

San* '2o (in 1.o- 
€*ii. iii gas »a« 

III L'. X I »*• *** 
29” “ 

Ihiilt-in cliain i l u r i t e w r . 
J Viitii 'm a n u a l o ilin g . 12*in. b u r a n d tim id unutta* lift!- 
L 

Sate * AO oil .%-IIP roto-.-puller 
It. g. 1 * 2 7 * 2 3 9 

Slicer tide* till swath to 
22 id. Hide. Power reverer. 
C am ailt gttrniblrd. 

'HIO xii is OI K * OKO 

It i- h a ck ed hv Seton* A d v ertisin g P o ll. ) w h ich re* tp tire- c i r r i a d v e r tis'd item In Im* n u u p o ilr d iii c a lli 
'litre w ith 
-a llic ie n t iiie r c h a iH U -e ...|f w e 
-h .• 111*I n ill (till (ti a il) m in c e d |»ri«e item d u rin g lilt* -a lc. w e vt ill reo rd er fo r ) « u al th e 'a lc p rice. 
I h i- d o e - not upplv to -p e cia t |in r e h a -e . clea ra n ce an d clo -c n u t -ah*- vt h ere (|n a u litie - are lim ited . 

 line Seam Easy Payment Plan 

SAVE *4oo on rugged twin-cylinder 
16-HP all-season tractor 

* 
Sills 
* 
I - * iC**%g , eJ "Pf '*•' * 
VV 
5* JR 

Your choice... Save s1oo 

CLOSEOUT 
*1399 
All attachm ent* ex tra 

[{(pillar 81799. A great sale price for a powerful garden tractor ilia! handles our full range of versatile attachments for gardening, lawn care, hauling, snow re­ moval and more. Alterna­ tive-firing pistons cut vibra­ tion. 6 speeds forward. 2 reverse. Electric start. Au­ to-type steering. Wide pne­ umatic tires. Combintioii' brake/clutch pedal. 
W hilt' ipiantitics last s i UUU. Ill 111* garden tractor . . 8 1 6 o o 
81 IOO IU III* garden tractor . . 8 1 o IO 

 i-lll* .‘I—peed riding m o w e r 

 in tilde- 2o-in. mower deck. De-igned tor iou ing. light lawn care. It reoil--tart. 
Ilegnl.tr K’tOO. now univ 
4 I i e* in I. W I.ii* i p iu u lilic - la s t. 

IU-IIP .‘b sp eed lawn tractor 

 llld n d e - ’((sin. m ow er dei k. H andle- op lion.ii -p le a d e r—( eder-. -weeper-, more. 

 beguine STo9. now ooh 

I m