FORECAST 

Partly cloudy and mild. High near 8o, low in upper 5os 

Temperatures. Col. 2 
Details. Page UA 
San Antonio Express 

T e x a s1 g re a te st m orning n ew sp ap er 

EXCLUSIVE W IRE SERVICES: A SSO C IA TED PRESS, N E W Y O R K TIMES SERVICE, W A S H IN G T O N POST SERVICE, LOS ANGELES TIMES 
SERVICE, N E W SD A Y SERVICE, AGEN CE FRANCE PRESSE, M ANCHESTER G U A R D IA N SERVICE, L O N D O N TIMES SERVICE 

I15’ 
Monday 
V M arth 14, 1977J 

A 
UP TO $1,o6o CASH S 
OOO 
SWEEPSTAKES 

Enter today — Over $5o,ooo in prises 
Details, Col. 4 

SFH' 
-< TERRORIZE PAIR 

. 
By CECIL CLIFT 
Two m e n b u rs t into a N o rth .Side home Sunday night, terrorizing a res­ taurant owner at gunpoint and raping 
MIA panel begins search in Vietnam 

ASSOCIATED PRESS 
WASHINGTON - A special government commission left for 
V ietnam and Laos Sunday to try to determine the fate of over 
2.ooo 
A m ericans listed as missing in action in the Vietnam war. 

But the com m ission chairm an 

 w arn ed a g a in st u n re a lis tic e x p e c ta ­ tions. 
“ A total s u c c e s s in t e r m s of the num bers that are floating out in the public domain, when one considers the te r r a i n an d all of th e th i n g s accompanying so m any years of w ar. it would ju s t be beyond any sc o p e of im ag in atio n to co n s id e r we can a c ­ count for every person on that list." said Leonard Woodcock, ch a irm an of 
Spurs fall, 1o2-97 

‘ W ho, me Ref? ’ seems to be the reqction of Detroit’s Kevin Porter 
Sunday night after referee Jesse Kersey ordered him to stop arguing with a Spur fan. The Pistols defeated the Spurs, 1o2-97, at The 
Arena. See details, Page ID . Staff photo by Pat Hamilton 

 r 
(good morning} 

Index 

Action Express ...................... .... ll 
X rts.................................... 
- ... HA 
A strology.................................. 
IB 
Bridge........................................ ... IOX 
1 •H ile s..................................... lit 
Crossword Puzzle................. 
IB 
Deaths........................................ 
Editorials.............................. 
. 12 X 
Newsm akers........................... . . . . 2.X 
Scene................................ 
.. I-3B 
S p o rts........................................ .. Fbi) 
T elev isio n ....................... .. 
. . . IOX 
Theaters.............................. 
. . . . HA 
Want A d s............................... 
I ' M 
W eather.................................... 
HA 

COLUMNISTS 
Jack Anderson 
. . . . 2A 
Ann Landers......................... 
. . . . IB 
Barry Robinson 
. . . I D 
Koddv S tin so n ..................... 
. . . . 3A 
Dr. Geo. Ih o sle so n ........... 
. . . IOX 

Chuckle 

Modest) is the art ol draw ing a t­ tention to whatever it is that you are being hum ble about. 

S U N D A Y $ T E M R E R A T U M C S 

/ (I HL 
J Cl HI 

5 o m. 
6 a h i 
/ a h i 
# U HL 

P HL pm 
P IIL 

IO p rn 
67 ti pm. 62 
Midnight 6* 

I H T H YEAR 

N O . 1o5 
4 o P A G E S 

T E L E P H O N E S 
Aunt Ad, 
AAyn hi 
« a iii *> IO O 
» JJS 16*6 
A ll o th e r d e p o r t m erit', t/ u rn v ti m I I J S t e l l 
C ity e d ito r 19 p m / a in » H i ti l l 
S p o r t y e d ito r (V p rn 
/ o rn > l i t HI I or f i t HU I 

DID X OI k N O H ; ll you receive hem e delivers ol the Express and Nunda) 
Fxpress-News $1 more will bring you the evening News jot a month Total 
$4.33 |H*r month ( all 225-7411 fur prom pt delivery, 

 tile five-m em ber panel. 
Woodcock, p resident of the United 
Auto Workers, m ade his co m m en ts at 
A ndrews AFB as the com m ission de­ parted on its mission. 
The m em b ers flew' on a jet th at is part of the White House fleet. 
Authority 

A sked w h at a u t h o r i ty h is p a n e l might have to deal with any d em ands the V ietn a m e se m ig h t m a k e for r e ­ construction aid. Woodcock said. 

"W e re not au th o rized to do m ore than get th e ir point of view for the purpose of b rin g in g it hack for tin* consideration of the P resid en t.” 

The com m ission is expected to a r ­ riv e in H anoi W e d n e s d a y to se e k answ ers to q u estions about tin* 2.53o persons listed as m issing in action or presum ed dead. 

"O u r prim ary task is to find tile key to the solution of the problem of the m issing in action, and th ro u g h that hopefully build a b rid g eh e ad which can' lead towards norm alization of re­ lations betw een our two c o u n trie s ,” 
Woodcock said. 

The group is expected to spend three days in Hanoi. Laotian leaders recently agreed to let the panel stop iii Vien­ tiane, but the dates for the visit have not been set. a White House spokesm an said 

P r e s id e n t ( a r t e r , w ho m e t w ith m em b ers of the com m ission Saturday. said lie hoped that on their return they 
"will report that the V ietnam ese share my desire to put the period of w ar be­ hind us and look ah ead ra th e r than backw ard.” 

The other m e m b ers of the panel are form er San. Mike Mansfield. D-Moiit ; hep. (I V. M ontgom ery, D-Miss.; Mrs. 
M arian W right Bdellium , d irec to r til the C hildren's Fund, and A m bassador 
C h a rle s W. Y ost, a m e m b e r of th e 
Brookings Institute. 

 his wife. 

Before ending th e ir tw o-hour long crim e spree, the two m en took a color television set. a ca r and other item s from tin' home, police said. 

The 59-year-old r e s t a u r a t e u r told officers he was sitting on his living room couch about 7:3o p.m. watching television when the two men burst inside. 
One of them carried a shotgun The pair ordered tilt' restau rateu r onto the floor and tits! him up with a telephone cord, police were told. 

The pair then took the m an 's wallet from his pants, took out tin1 money and asked him where they could get more cash, officers reported. 

Police said the two obviously knew the m an owned a restaurant and that his wife w as at w ork, since the two carried the m an into a hack bedroom to await the wife’s return. 

T he w om an n o rm a lly b ro u g h t the money pouch home at night from the 
F redericksburg 
Road cating place, police said. Police did not say if the cafe money was taken. 
Officers said that in the hour before tilt' m a n s wife returned, the two helped them selves to a six-pack of beer from the1 refrigerator at the home. 

W hen th e 5H -year-old w o m an r e ­ turned to tile home, she was taken to the other bedroom and the pair, placed her on the bed on her stom ach accord­ ing to police reports. 

Tied 

The woman told police the two took turns sexually assaulting her. 

Tin* woman was then tied, her purse ransacked before the two m en carted off the couple’s color television set in the restau rati'u r’s auto. 

During the ordeal, the husband and w ife w ere told not to m o v e or th ey would be killed, police w ere told. 

The victim s m anaged to untie th e m ­ selves and went to a neighbor’s house] to police, reports indicated. 

Car found 

T he fam ily a u to m o b ile w as la te r] fo m n d a b a n d o n e d at S a c r a m e n t o 
Street and Excelsior Drive. A w itness reported seeing two m ales drive into the parking lot at that location, police said. 

The two rem oved .several item s from the c a r before fleeing in a dark colored vehicle, police reported. 

P o lic e s a id b o th m e n w o re b lu e jeans, both were about 2o years old and one wore a stocking m ask. 

T W O bagpipers (bottom b arge ) head up the tail end of Su n d ay’s river barge parade, a highlight of the d a y ’s tribute to the Irish 
SIAM RHO IO EV M M DEAN J# 
This is the w eek o f the Irish, and even the river is green 

J 

By .MK HABL QUINTANILLA 
The waters of the San Antonio 
River were transformed into a fluorescent emerald green and became the “ River Shannon” 
Sunday, in honor of the Irish. 
Tile river-dyeing was tile highlight of the second day of a slate of activities scheduled throughout Irish A pprecia­ tion W eek, ending on T h u rs d a y . St. 
P atrick's Day. 
On Saturday, the Kith annual St. P a ­ t r i c k ’s Day P a r a d e w ound its way through downtown San Antonio. 
S u n d a y ’s ev e n ts on th e r iv e r, th e ninth annual river-dyeing, sponsored bv the P aseo del Rio Assn. and the 
Harp aud Sham rock Society, included 
I river burge parade, followed by en­ te rtain m e n t on the Arneson T h e a ter stage. 

Spectators 

W e lc o m e d w ith w a r m s u n li g h t, about HUO s p e c ta to r s c ro w d ed onto steps, sat on ledges and squeezed spots am ong the aisles and the riv er bunk across from the Arneson Theater. 
A fter th e p lay in g of th e n a tio n al anthem aud the irish national anthem , 
Franklin Hicks, president of tile asso­ ciation, read a proclam ation, stating, 
“ W hereas San Antonio, blessed with a winding river . . . now let it he known that the river, colored g reen , be the 
River Shannon from this day to M ardi 
17 " 

A p ro c la m a tio n fro m th e m a y o r s office was also read m arking M arch ll th ro u g h 17 as " I r i s h A p p re c ia tio n 
Week in San Antonio — and for the wearing of the green." 
XI ter dignitaries aud officers of the 
Harp aud S ham rock Society of Texas were introduced,, a flurry of p er­ 

 form ances. ranging from storytelling lo s in g in g to b a g p ip e p la y in g an d lancing, com menced. 
Susan Delco, Joannie M cIntyre Ach- bacher and John Donohue sang Irish songs, did Irish jigs, and told Irish jokes. 
Another favorite was the Sham rock 
S teppers, a dance group of children aud adults who perform ed traditional folk dances us the audience snapped their lingers, clappe si their hands and 

 tapped their feet to the lively sounds of bagpipes. 
Also a p p e a rin g on the s a m e sta g e were the St. Hilda Council Band from 
Austin, tho Beethoven M aennerchor, 
John Brown and His Bag P ipers aud 
Irish storyteller Kevin Boyle. 
O th e r I ris h a c t i v i t i e s s c h e d u le d th r o u g h o u t tin* w eek in c lu d e a w re a th -la y in g c e r e m o n y to be c o n ­ ducted at noon Thursday iii front of the 
Alamo. 

Following the brief cerem ony, 
Irish dancers and bagpipers will p er­ form at the gazebo at Alamo Plaza. 
In other events, the Irish C ultural 
Society of San Antonio will conduct lls second annual St. P a tric k ’s Day festi- v i t ies at 8:3o p .m . F r i d a y in St. 
M atthew’s Hall, 1o7o3 W urzhach Road. 
And finally, the annual sports and social day for priests, known as "T he 
Irish O p en .” is set for M arch 22 at 
Willow Springs Golf Course. 
A bsentee voting opens today for city races 

Absentee voting iii the April 2 city election begins Monday at five differ­ ent lo c atio n s, City ( le rk G a rla n d 
Jackson has announced. 
Absentee ballots can be cast at the 

City Clerk's office on the second floor of City Hall 
Other locations are Northwest Shop­ ping C e n te r, 3«no F r e d e r i c k s b u r g 
Road; W indsor P ark Mull, W a l/e m 
Enter and win 

Hnter tin* E xpress and The News giant $3o,ooo Sweepstakes '77 today and win super prizes of your choice, 
All you have to do to win prize* is m atch yoni Social Security num ber with Hie one on Page ti.X. Collies! rules are lifted there. lf your num ber is printed, you have won. Choose prizes from the a d v e r­ tisers iii the pages of this week s 
E xpress and The News. 
If v o u ’re a p re s e n t s u b s c r i b e r of 

 either or both dully p ap ers, you will win bonuses. No purchase is necessary to VV III 
This Sunday another super bonus will be offered 
It will be announced later this week. 
All the contests lead up to the big day 
April 24, when you can win not only 
$1 IHM) in prizes, hut a fabulous trip for two to Mexico City, plus extra cash fur being a subscriber to either the E x­ press or T he News, or both. 

Read and II 135; McCreless Shopping l ily. at South New Braunfels Avenue and 11137 and Edgewood Square, UUU 
S ( ‘.en McMullen Drive 
Voters will In* selecting a m ayor, running at-large, anil IU city council m e rn Im* rs, each elected from a district. 
Balloting can be conducted from 7 45 a m. to 4 3u p iii 
Monday through 
Friday until March 29 
Polls also will he open for absentee voting from 2 to 8 p m. Saturday and 
Sunday, M arch 28 and 27 
Jackson has predicted a record tu rn ­ out because of a record num ber ol re­ gistered voters and because tills is the first tim e th e re will be electio n by district, 
A bsentee ballots m ay lie cast by voters who will not he available on election day. A voter m ust have a valid registration certificate, which had to be obtained prior to M arch 2, 

Poge 
2-A 
F 
SAN ANTONIO EXPRESS— Monday March 14 1977 
'R ocky’ director knocks 'em dead 

John G. Avildsen has won the 
Director’s Guild of American award for the best directed picture of the year with “ Rocky,” the story of a down-and-out boxer’s grab for the top. 
The movie, written by the film’s star, Sylvester Stallone, also leads the list of Academ y Award no­ m in e e s w ith 
IO, tied with 
“ Network.” 
Five television program s were 
♦News 

Baby didn’t faze judge 

Attorney Frederick Lowe asked a judge to reduce the $15,ooo bond for his client. William Richardson 
III, saying the m an’s wife was expecting a baby momentarily. 
The district court judge in Vir­ ginia Beach was unmoved. 
In the back of the courtroom, meanwhile, two women noticed Ri­ chardson's wife, 
Renee, in pain and helped her from the courtroom. 
Her 7-pound, bi-ounce son was born in the ambulance on the way to the hospital. 
Lowe said later he didn't know he was being so literal in using the word “ momentarily." 

 also honored at the 29th annual aw ard s p re se n ta tio n in 
Los 
Angeles. 
Director Daniel Petrie was cited for “ Eleanor and Franklin,” a look at the private lives of President and 
'Mrs. Roosevelt, as best director of a special longer than an hour. 
Actor Alan Alda won the comedy category for directing the “ Dear 
Sigmund” episode of “ MASH.” 
Glenn Jordan won for best dir­ ection of a dramatic series for the 
“ Rights of Friendship” segment of 
"Fam ily.” 
The award for best direction of a musical variety show went to Tony 
Charmoli for the CBS 
Shirley 
MacLaine special, “ Gypsy in My 
Soul.” 
CBS, coverage of the Republican and Democratic national coventions last sum m er won the award for best documentary news coverage for 
Arthur Bloom. 

N O , this is not a n e w form of y o g a exercise w ith a little help fro m frie n d s, it ’s A u s t r a lia n police su b d u in g a d e m o n stra ­ tor w h o hit Q u een Elizabeth ll w ith a placard 
Pitch at queen earns jail 

A man who threw a placard at 
B rita in ’s 
Queen Elizabeth II pleaded guilty Monday and chose to go to jail for 2o days instead of paying a $1oo fine. 
David Roy Hughes, a 29-year-old chemist from East Sydney, was charged with offensive behavior for throwing the placard at the queen 
Sunday while she was in an open 
Rolls Royce in the Royal Botanic 
Gardens in Sydney, Australia. 
Hughes told the court he would go to jail to show that Australia must 

 become a republic “ before too much longer.” 
The police p ro se c u to r said 
Hughes was with 2o other demon­ strators when he hurled a 3o-inch by 
18-inch cardboard sign reading 
“ Independence for A ustralia" at the queen. 

Hughes told the court. “ I knew it was soft cardboard and could not possibly hurt her. I was motivated by the belief that an independent republic should be created soon." 

Concert bom bed out 

More than 8,ooo people were eva­ cuated during a Perth, Australia, concert by the Swedish pop grout) 
ABBA after a caller said a bomb was planted in the hall. 
Police said the woman caller told them, “ A bomb’s been placed in the hall to kill ABBA.” The call came 
2o minutes before the end of the first of two concerts. 
“ Announcements were made over the public address system and the crowd left swiftly without panic,” a police spokesman said. 
Someone forgot to pass the word to Benny Andersen, ABBA’s pian­ ist, who was left sitting alone on the stage. 
After a 2o-minute search turned up no bomb, the concert resumed. 
Africans don’t like U.S. 

Andrew Young. U.S. ambassador to the United Nations, says his private talks with African leaders indicate they have voted against 
Israel only because she is an ally of this country. 
And as the Carter administration 
“ improves its policies toward the rest of the world, the attitude of the rest of the world is going to improve toward Israel.” he said in a talk to members of the National Council of 
Jewish Women. 
“ As I talk ed to my A frican brothers . . . I found there was no hostility against Israel,” he said. 
“ But there was hostility in Africa to the United States.” 

N ixon battling insurance firm for legal costs 

FBI fears more bombings 

WASHINGTON — Even as president, Richard Nix­ on rarely missed an oppor­ tunity to save a few per­ sonal dollars. 
His efforts to wrangle a tax deduc­ tion for his papers were alm ost as embarrassing as the sordid Watergate tapes. 
But the penurious former President, harassed by mounting legal bills, has now devised another novel method to get himself off the financial hook. 
Nixon is trying to cover his legal costs with a homeowners’ insurance policy. 
The details are spelled out in a letter in our possession from the G re a t 
American Insurance Companies to the exile of San Clemente. 
The insurance firm was responding to a letter from Edward O. Sullivan, 
Pat Nixon’s second cousin and the man who handles the Nixon family’s insur­ ance. 
4 major suits 
Sullivan told G reat American that under court rulings. Nixon could be personally liable in the four major civil suits against him. 
One charg es Nixon and his ex-co­ horts with bugging top governm ent officials. Another blames him for us­ ing the CIA and others to harass me and my staff. 
The ex-President, fearing he'll be slapped with fees and damages in the hundreds of thousands of dollars, of­ fered an ingenuous interpretation of his homeowner’s policy. 
He had Sullivan ask Great American for assurances that it would foot the bill for the lawsuits. 
........... 

Jack 
Anderson 

 color, or are sweating milch more than they used to. 
^ S till others are experiencing hea­ daches, loss of memory, liver abnor­ malities, sleep distrubance and physi­ cal weakness. 
Some people have been sleeping 18 hours a day but remain exhausted 
Documented 
The tragic story has been carefully documented by Rep. Andrew Maguire, 
D-N.J., and the House Investigations 
Subcommittee. 
It began in 1973 at the M ichigan 
Chemical Co., which was making two similar products. 
One was “ N u triin a s te r," used to sweeten cattle feed. The other A as 
“ F ire m a ste r,” a fire retardant ejnn- taining PBH. 
-« 
The PBB bags were usually lettered in red. But one day, b e c a u se of a shortage, both products were packaged in similar brown bags. 
£ 
Nearly 1,ooo pounds of F irem aster w ere accid e n tally loaded onto the wrong truck and distributed to dairy 

MARLBORO, 
Mass. 
(A P ) 
- 
Radicals who bombed a factory to protest a visit planned by President 
Carter to a Massachusetts mill town are threatening even more violence, the FBI said Sunday. 
The radical group, which claim ed responsibility for several previous bombings, left a letter referrin g to 
Carter's scheduled participation in a mock town m eetin g W ednesday in 
Clinton, a town about IO miles from the site of the most recent bombing. 

’Brutalized* 

While the P re s id e n t “ w ines and dines,” the letter said, the bombers remember “ our people,” whom they said were “ brutalized in prison.” 
Richard Bates, agent in charge of the Boston FBI office, said that in a phone call after the bombing Saturday night, the radicals said "there would be more.” They were not specific. 
A group calling itself the Sam Mel- ville-Jonathan 
Jackson 
Unit took responsibility for the explosion that blew out windows and dam aged the foyer and office of the Ideal Roller and 
Graphics Co., a M arlboro firm that makes rollers for printing presses. 
Both Marlboro and Clinton, where 
Carter plans to attend a m ee'ing with residents in the town hall, are about 3o miles west of Boston. 
The Secret Service said Sunday that 
Texans to air energy views 

DALLAS (AP) — Citizens from Tex­ as and its bordering states were to get a chance to air their opinions about a national energy policy Monday in a town hall-type meeting sponsored by the Federal Energy Adminstration. 
The m eeting, one of sev e ra l scheduled in different parts of the country this week, was scheduled as a 
13-hour affair. 
No sub ject lim itatio n s w ere im ­ posed, and the information gathered was lo be studied for inclusion in a national energy plan to be presented by President C a rte r April 2o. 

 security plans for the visit had not changed. “ We will m aintain liaison with the investigating ag en cies,” a spokesman said. 
In addition to prison conditions and 
Carter’s visit, the FBI said the group’s letter demanded release of imprisoned 
Puerto Rican nationalists and protest­ ed activities of the chemical firm that once owned the bombed factory. 
The one-story brick plant was owned until 1972 by W R. Grace and Co. The letter criticized Grace for its holdings in Latin America and for exploiting labor markets there. 
Bates said that since Grace no longer owned the plant, the terrorists appar­ ently had bombed the wrong building. 
“The bombing had to be a m istake,” he said. "I don’t know how they ever 

 found this place, though. It’s pretty well hidden out here in the sticks.’* 
The Sam Melville-Jonathan Jackson 
Unit has claimed responsibility for bombings in the Boston area and in 
California. 
It said it set bombs that injured 22 persons last Ap/il at the Suffolk County 
Courthouse in Boston and blew out windows in Ju n e at the M iddlesex 
County Courthouse in Lowell. 
In California, the group has claimed responsibility for the bom bings in 
August 1975 of the M arin County 
Courthouse and M arch 1978 of the 
Hunter’s Point Office of the San F ran­ cisco Housing Authority. 
The Melville-Jackson Unit is one of several "armed units sharing the same goals” of the New World Liberation 

F ro n t, in the w ords of an NW LF comunique. 
Jackson, younger brother of black revolutionary George Jack son , was shot as he tried to k id nap M arin 
County, Calif., Superior Court Judge 
Harold J. Haley. Melville, convicted of antiwar bombings in New York City, died in the Attica Prison rebellion. 
The letter demanded the release of a 
Puerto Rican nationalist convicted of killing a presidential guard while try­ ing to assassinate President Harry S. 
Truman in 195o and four other Puerto 
Ricans convicted of w ounding five congressmen in the House of Repre­ sentatives in 1954. The le tte r also mentioned the “ unemployed in ghet­ tos” and racism, sexism and class op­ pression, the FBI said. 
Scarred building tells tale o f terror in D.C. 

WASHINGTON (A P) - Amid the confusion of an unfinished redecorat­ ing project, the marks of 39 hours of terror remained Sunday in the B'nai 
B rith center. Blood-splattered halls, broken windows, kicked-in doors and bullet holes in the walls. 
The Hanafi gunm en “ a lte rn a te d between cruelty and civil behavior,” said Bernard Simon, a press spokes­ man for the International center who was one of the more than KH) hostages seized Wednesday when six members of the Moslem sect stormed the build­ ing. 
Surrender 
The gunmen also seized hostages at a Moslem center and the District of 
Columbia city hall during the three­ pronged terror attack that ended with their surrender Friday. 
David B lum berg, in te rn a tio n a l president of B’nai B’rith , said the damage to the building was estimated at $25o.Oho 
Much of the damage was caused by paint and other construction materials 

 that the gunmen used. The building is undergoing extensive redecorating. 
Blumberg, standing next to the table where three Moslem ambassadors and local officials negotiated with Hamaas 
Abdul Khaalis on Thursday night, said 
B’nai B’rith was deeply grateful for those who helped resolve the seige. 
"It could have been a blood bath,” he said. 
He said he was not disturbed by Ab­ dul Jh a a lis ’ being releasedw itliout bond: "I recognize that he has to wind his way through the judicial process.” 
Littered 
Simon showed newsmen through the eighth-floor conference room where the hostages were held for most of the 
39-hour siege. The room was littered with paper plates, halfeaten s a n d ­ wiches, boxes of donuts and em pty 
32-ounce cola bottles. 
Sunlight filtered into the long room with a brownish tinge from the paint slapped onto the windows to prevent police from watching. 
In other offices, a door was broken 

 by someone kicking it in and there were bullet holes around other doors. 
Bookcases, cartons, trashcans and file cabinets were staejed up against win­ dows, again to prevent police of seeing what was happening inside. 
In other developments: 
• The funeral for Maurice Williams, the WHUR reporter killed in an open­ ing burst of violence at the city hall, was set for Monday. 
• Newsweek m a g a z in e re p o rte d 
Sunday that it was Abdul K haalis himself who offered to release all the hostages and that he had not insisted upon his own release as a precondition for the negotiations. 
Breakthrough 
The m agazine said the final breakthrough cam e when E gyptian 
Ambassador Ashraf Ghorbal suggest­ ed Abdul Khaalis release 3o hostages as a gesture of good faith. The g un­ men’s leader reportedly looked around the table and calmly volunteered to release them all, according to News­ week. 

On March I, Great Am en- J\ot i 
\ixon's insurance i / o - can’s casualty claim s chief, 
. 
J 
; insurant* po 
Henry Schillin, turned Nixon licies, the firm added bluntly, down cold. N ix on ’s policy 
* covers only “ damages for bo­ dily injury and property da­ mage,” Schilling wrote. 
Lawsuits "against you aris­ ing out of your actio n s as —— 
President of the United States,” excluded, he reminded Nixon. 
‘Umbrella* policy 
Nor could Nixon use his persona! 
“ u m b re lla ” policy to pay for p resi­ dential lawsuits. 
N ixon’s p ro b lem s do not involve 
"bodily injury, sickness, disease, dis­ ability” or a host of other ills, includ­ ing "humiliation,” the firm indicated. 
Besides, the policy excludes any act 
“ com m ftted . . . with the intent to cause personal injury.” 
None of Ninon’s insurance policies, the firm added bluntly, “ afford cover­ age Tor conspiracy alleged in some of the causes of action.” The insurance com pany flatly refused to pay any damages which might arise from pre­ sidential wrongdoing. 
In su ra n ce m an Sullivan said he would have been “ remiss not to make a cla im ” following the court ruling that Nixon could be held personally' liable. 
Y 
Sullivan is now contemplating legal action against the insurance company. 
Nixon’s lawyers declined comment. 
Chemical mix-up 
It began with a simply human mix­ up. But the contam ination of cattle feed in Michigan with the toxic che­ mical PBB has m ushroom ed into a disaster of alarming proportions. 

 r i l e dangerous chemical has infected the state’s food supply and has even been detected in mother’s milk. 
Since the fateful accident involving 
PBB m ore than three yeara ago, a 

'a fford coverage fo r conspiracy alleged in some o f the causes a ctio n / 

 are farmers throughout Michigan. 

Discovered 
After eight long months, the toxic chem ical was finally discovered by 
Fred Halbert, a Battle Creek farm er who has a degree in chemical engin­ eering. 
Eventually, 3o,oo9 cattle died and 5oo farms had to be quarantined. Yet the government maintained there was no danger to humans. 
The Food and Drug Administration ruled that less than .3 parts per million of PBB could be allowed in meat and milk products. 
The EDA told our associate, Bowie 
Kurtz, that it has no way of knowing whether that level of PBB is safe. 
It sim p ly says i f s the s m a lle s t am o u n t that can be d e te c te d with modern instruments. 

Disturbing 

F e d e ra l and sta te g o v e rn m e n ts asked scientists from New York’s Mt. 
Sinai School of Medicine, headed by 
Dr. Irving Selikoff, to study the effects of PBB on people. 
Selikoff examined m ore than I.OOO 
Michigan farmers and consumers, and his initial findings are disturbing. 
“ At this time, no class or group of people of those examined by us can be said to be free of risk,” his confidential study warns. 
A third of those examined said their health had deteriorated. 
Some said th e ir nails developed phalanx of government agencies has ridges and pits and grew so fast they insisted there is no hazard to human 'h a d to cut them three times a week. 

BILL MILLER BAR-B-QUE 
Sliced B-B-Q Beef with Sauce 

I -lb. Sliced Bar-B-Q Beef with tasty Sauce 

 reg. $3.79 fi 
9 5 
THRU 
TO GO ONLY 
^ m r 
MARCH 31.1977 p a r lb. 

M 
A 
N 
S 
..................................................................... p i n , SO* 
POTATO SALAD p i n , SO' 

H A S H B R O 
W 
N S 
...................... p i n , 5 
o 
* 
COLE S L A W ................. p i n , 3 
8 
‘ 

 q u a rt 8 
9 
* 

 quart 8 
9 
* 

 q u a rt 

 quart S O 
1 

Red criticism rises sharply 

 washington post suvki strategic arm s limitation 
MOSCOW 
— Soviet and a Middle East settle- c ritic is m of P re s id e n t menu 
C a rte r has sh a rp ly in- 
Any c ritic is m of an creased in the past few 
American president by d a y s and for the first .nam e in the press here tim e has e x ten ded to has been unusual i i i re ­ 

 beings. 
Yet scientists have discovered that thousands of Michigan residents are suffering serious illnesses from PBB exposure. We have had access to their confidential findings. 

In bloodstreams 

PBB has been found in the blood­ stream s of virtually all the Michigan residents examined in the new scienti­ fic study. 
A significant number of people are suffering from skin d isorders, hair loss, blisters and boils. y. 
Others have seen their skin change 

Investigators noted that the hooves of 
PBB-infected cows started growing upward and became deformed. 

Strength dwindles 

A n u m b e r of people found th e ir strength dwindling. Some high school students, who practiced weightlifting, for instance, could no longer Ii futile same weights. 
"PBB is being regularly found in the 
(blood) se ru m of the in div id u als examined,” the study declares. 
Selikoff cautions that his fm dw gs arc prelim inary and m ore stud** is needed. 

C a rte r s positions on such vital issues as 

Sail Antonio Fxpress 

Amin is spying on 
Am ericans, Britons 

 lute* Dor UTHt I Hon* 
Ckjjf tlRsj on Jug 
4 
Owtbnoi Oo, 
Ne* 
V«?ew * D or tH#, cm.im RAo/hJu» 
♦tiAo, Alto "OI p . bl. PHK, on a M o n to , 
AP, 4. C N .» -k » O b, N a * ta o . > D o, lad , on • |x a ta ft* a booby, 
By Th» I 
N # .l Co’po'ution 
9 O t o . J I J I bon A .won *1 It,at 2 * 2 9 / 
Mc onA O a t, P o d o g . , y t j a* 
W> Ammu,. I.,a . 
• a y .,h a ft, tam o a>hiotO Aa 2 f t P o w *1 
2* f t t«a<o 1922, an ta A d m ,n .,i,« c a, 
Con,a, aa N u a .o lo ,a f t . lam p , , « ...» „ 

AN communao hon. .tanPO ba «***«>►.<, ta io n Amarna I,peace a> M n Amarna N a ., 
Th,, na ..p a p a ' ..ti **, o c p a n c ftc i „ 
■nonuMiyPc ai pbetey to p b t not tabulae, *e> pobl.cahpn 

M A IL SUBSCRIPTION RATES in c f t f t . u t 
! Mo a M ot 
I ». 
Mouwcy A iw n f t, t i 4 9 » ? « II 
» J4 2« 
14 b i t 2 1 9o 14 6 I I t i o2 I i t I i liO lb 
14 4 I t v J O I 
144 14 t i 21 t> * >1 I >o i i 
RH wrist* |Q# I 
I 
W ater 

 fresh Baked 9 
D.uftH Apple Pie 

* 
T H R U 

I gal sweetened 
IGD TIA 
79 p v t Ja p * I 

<b y e a n i . 

OTHER STATES 

 r.amny * j ,-- ,j ., 
I .a y O m , bundu, O N , 

> Mttu4t !,*« i 

 t i l l t i l 34 IAI it t i 2o 1 2 / 4 / I i i ) | t i 41 IK J 21 i i i 99 
»4 29 I JO IO t i t 43 t i 4« l i b VI t i / / i 

J 3-' tam e Hotm n j an d V --d u , 13 4 o p... mono, 
(mtlucia, te d b d e, 44u"uny ant, t2 /Q pm m an * (ateiud.t ta il i u n f t , a n t, - 
4 d e , r n- ' El 4 / oat marnb .u v -u fti to . 
J 
S under — l l *4 pat mom* tau tubal 1,,, 
C Cf MRNA f ION NA I, 
Mot'MI y. I , , t . a. 
Seim do, and beman, t4 ii pm month 

 cent years. 
However, C arter’ti out­ spoken stand in support of human-rights activists in E a ste rn E uro pe a l­ ready had p ro m p te d angry words from Krem­ lin spokesmen. 
T he decision now to criticize the President’s statements on SALT and 
(he Middle East probably reflects concern iii the 
Soviet leadership that the problem s with the new administration are more serious than the squabble over dissidents. 

Kremlin expectations that quick headway could be made on what Moscow considers to lie the core issues of d e te n te had seemed to be tempering somewhat the worry over the h u m a n rig h ts con­ frontation, 
The Soviets see that as basically an ideological m atter w ithout d ire c t bearing on international tension. 

A iiO C tA T tt, H it** 
NAIROBI, Kenya — Radio 
Uganda -said Sunday all Ameri­ cana and Britons living in the 
E a s t 
A frican co u n try face 
“ pressure” from President Idi 
Amin if they a re found to be. 
“ telling lies” about Uganda. 
The b ro ad cast said all d is tr ic t governors, commissioners and village chiefs have been ordered to “ keep their eyes open on all B ritons and 
Americans living in their a re a s ” to determine who is spreading fulse in­ formation. 
There was no report on what form the "pressure” might take. However, observers in neighboring Kenya said it might involve harassment by Ugandan secret police, blamed for hundreds of political m u rd ers since Amin took power in a military coup Jan. 25. 1971 
The threat was apparently i i i re ­ sponse to British and American news reports about alleged atro c itie s i i i 
Uganda, including mass m urder and religious persecution of Christians. 
The London Sunday T e le g ra p h reported the wife of an Anglican bishop iii Uganda, Mary Nsubuga, had been 

 killed in a traffic accident, but th church leaders doubted the of fie! version of her death. 
Her husband, the lit. Rev. Purist* 
Nsubuga, was one of 18 bishops ut signed a letter urging Amin to er what they considered a persecution 
Christians. 
Another signer. Archbishop Jung 
Luwum. was said by Amin to h a 1 been killed in a traffic accident la month shortly after his arrest for p|] ting against the government. Refuge said he arid two government minjstg arrested with him were murdered * 
Amin’s agents. 

During the weekend, British pig reports said a U gandan pilot on honored by Amin was seeking pol it u asylum i i i Britain The reports w^ br jadcast by the British Broadcasts 
( urn. (BDC), heard widely through 
Africa 

I in* Ugandan broadcast quoted government spokesman as saying: '* long as lulse statements continue to* broadcast by the HBC, then C 
Ugandan government will bring prt sure to bear on British and A m ens citizens who are the source of the f j information.” 

SA N AN TO N IO EXPRESS— Mondoy March 14 1977 

Bill hits CPS hoard selection 

By R O BERT OCHOA 
EXPRESS CAPITOL BUREAU 
AUSTIN — D epending on which side is talking, changing the selection process of City 
Public Serviced members could become a blessing or a bust for 
San Antonians. 
On one side, Bexar County’s team of representatives is working to breathe some fresh air into a board they say has become stale from a self-perpe- 

K X R K E S S A 
N 
A 
L Y S I S 

 tuating membership. 
Such new life the legislators intend to create by passing a law which would give the city council power to make direct appointments to the C PB board. 
State Reps. Joe Hernandez and Matt 
Garcia have said such a law is needed to carry over the sp irit of single 

 member council districts into repre­ sentation on the CPS board. 
However, the CPS legal staff and the utility system ’s trust company and bond holders have all indicated they would sue to keep the board’s present selection process intact. 
They argue the next ten years are ext- 
A fine day for the Irish 

It may be a summer silhouette of a visitor looking over the San Antonio river from a downtown bridge, but it isn’t even spring yet, according to the calendar. Spring officially arrives next Sunday. It was hard to prove in San Antonio Sunday as afternoon temperatures were in the low 8os. — Staff PHOTO S by H. M. 
Dean Jr. 

Even lively Irish music can’t keep some people from being just a bit tired on a sunshiny day. Monica Foegelle, 4, finds her dad s head a convenient support as the Bob Foegelle family watches the Irish celebrate St. Patrick ’s d ay along the downtown Paseo del Rio. 

The Luck of the Irish certainly wasn't with A. F. Monroe of Dallas Sunday. He was taking his grandchildren — including 2-year-old Stephen standing next to him — to the ceremonies marking St. Patrick’s Day on the down­ town River W alk when he twisted his ankle. He stops here on the Navarro Street Bridge for some attention to the hurt limb. 

 remely critical in terms of energy and the decision makers must by necessity be specialized and protected from po­ litical manipulation 
But all arguments aside for a mo­ ment, a bill being carried by Rep. 
Hernandez of San Antonio addressing the issue is quickly gaining momen­ tum without much apparent opposition from House members. 
So, whether the people of San An­ tonio will have more participation in directing the city-owned public utility system is not far from a deciding point. 
City Council 
Hernandez’s HB375 would give to 
San Antonio City Council the sole power in determining who and how many will sit on the CPS board of dir­ ectors. 
Viewed in another way, the bill would also abolish the current method of selecting board members as spelled out in the CPS contract, or indenture, with the utility’s financiers. 
Under the present process, board members may pick their successors who must then be approved by the council. The mayor is an ex-officio voting member of the board. 

Hernandez has made the bill his priority legislation of the session 
Last Tuesday, his bill was heard be­ fore the intergovernm ental affairs com m ittee and sent to a subcom­ mittee. 
But since then Hernandez said he was informed the committee erred in the vote count which sent the bill to the subcommittee. 
As a result, the bill has been report­ ed favorably out of committee with a recommendation it be passed by the 
House. 
Better chance 
Outside last Tuesday’s hearing. 
Hernandez said his bill has a inn per cent better chance of passing this ses­ sion. 
He introduced a similar bill during the last legislature which became mired in a Senate committee in the last two weeks of the session. 
Included among the supporters of 
Hernandez’s bill are the City of San 
Antonio and at least nine members of the Bexar County House delegation 
Reps. Ron Bird and Garcia testified in favor of Hernandez’s bill before the 
Intergovernmental Affairs Committee. 
Gerald Henckel, the city's represen­ tative in Austin, testified on behalf of the bill also. 
Hernandez presented his bill to the committee by explaining a “ tendency for members of the CPS to nominate their friends to replace them.” 
Hernandez also pointed out the pre­ sent CPS board membership resides in one-tenth of the area of San Antonio. 
Credibility 
Garcia said the bill's concept “ would give more credibility to CPS by plac­ ing the members of the CPS closer to the people.” 
Garcia also noted a change in the structure of the CPS membership pro­ vided under Hernandez’s bill wouldn't violate an attorney general's opinion issued on the subject in 1975. 
“ The bill addresses itself to the make-up of the board, not to the in­ denture,” Garcia said. 
Henckel told the committee the city council has gone on record in favor of appointing the members of the CPS board. 
Litigation 
Henckel also said he understood any litigation which might arise as a result of the Hernandez bill would have an effect on San Antonio’s ongoing coal and nuclear plant projects. 
Speaking against the bill for CPS was Stewart Schooler. 
He told the committee a lot of legal troubles could be avoided if the city council could come to terms with CPS bond holders. 
Schooler said if two-thirds of the b Mid holders would decide to change the present selection process, the Her­ nandez bill would not be needed 
CPS board members are limited to two five year terms, “ so there is no such thing as unlimited membership,” 
Schooler said. 
Easy going seen for medical malpractice bill 

AUSTIN (A P ) — A compromise so­ lution to the medical malpractice insurance crisis is expected to sail through the House State Affairs Com­ mittee on Monday, with floor action later in the week. 
Speaker Bill Clayton said the mea­ sure probably would be on the calendar 
Wednesday or Thursday. 
Trial lawyers, hospitals and insur­ ance companies reportedly accept the bill, but there might be problems with the Texas Medical Association. 
Nonetheless, “ I think there will be 

 over PNI votes in favor of the bill,” said 
Rep. Tom Cher, D-Bay City, commit­ tee chairman and co-sponsor of the measure (HB1o48), 
Key features of the bill. which would self-destruct in IB years, would: 
• Place two hurdles i i i the path o f a patient who wants Ic* sue his doctor. 
One is a requirement that he give BB days’ notice before suing The other is a screening panel of three doctors that would review the claim for validity. 
Even if the panel found a malpractice claim was unfounded, a patient still 

865o B a n d e r a R o a d 

St. Augustin* (Carpet) 
^ 
( 
G R A S S . JULI PAUIT 
8 7 
LISS THAN A FULL PAUST...................... 
I .o 7 u| ii- 

FLO* ATAM .. full r a i l !I 
1 . 3 9 

U M THAM A IO U RA U l t 
................ 
I . 6 9 ,q ,4 

COMPUTE 
H IU IO M I 
PR OD UC TS A V A ILA B LE. 
TREES 
PLANTS 
SHRUBS 
SEEDS 

Come Vint Our Complete 6 
Acre 
Garden 
Center with everyday ' FARM TO YOU" 
PRICES And SAVE ll 

OPEN Dally 8-7 P.M. 
6 8 4 -2 1 1 o 

Yojja rlass scheduled 

The 
YMCA 
Central 
Branch w ill offer a be­ ginners* six-week course on hotlia yoga starting 
March TI 

Classes will meet every 
Tuesday from H JO p.m. to 8 p.m. 

The classes are de­ signed to help problems with tension, weight con­ trol, lack of energy and bad bal ks. 

The course fee is $15. 
For registration or infor­ mation call the Central 
YMCA at 227-5221. 

 would have the right to sue. 
• Impose a ceiling of $5o(1,oo(1 on malpractice judgments, plus addition­ al amounts if indicated for future medical and custodial care expenses. 
If courts later find the ceiling uncon­ stitutional. then a “ contingent” provi­ sion would take effect, imposing a 
$15o.(NM) cap on recoveries for pain and suffering. 
• Enable doctors lo recover up lo 
$1oo,ooo if he can prove a malpractice suit was filed frivolously. 
• Require malpractice suits to be filed within two years of treatment 
Minors under 12 would have until age 
14 to sue. Present law allows patients two years from the time a medics' in­ jury is discovered to file suit. 
• Require reporting of malpractice claims to the Texas State Board of 
Medical Examiners. The medical ex­ aminers would have new power to su­ spend doctors* licenses for incompe­ tence or compel them to accept re­ training. 
• Continue the malpractice ri*>k sharing pool for another two years and base rates on either Texas or national experience — whichever is the more favorable. 
The TMA reportedly finds the bill defective because it allows injured patients to “ double dip” into their own insurance and the doctor s malpractice coverage. 
Doctors also want a 'unit un the amount of a court judgment that the plaintiff s lawyer gets as hts fee, 

Council candidate 
Dario 
Chapa slaps COPS 

Stinson 

City Council candidate Dar­ io Chapa has slapped COPS and dared the organization to do something about it. 
If he gets by with the insult, ( OPS is in political trouble in its own stronghold. 
At last week’s District 5 Candi­ date Accountability Night, spon­ sored by Communities Organized for Public Service, Chapa was ac­ companied to St. Timothy's Church hall bv 25-3o supporters, who tried to disrupt the meeting by shouting at COPS leaders. 
Refused 
Worse than that, he refused to agree with COPS on two issues. 
He said he supported the organi­ zation's efforts to improve streets. curbs, parks and housing rehabili­ tation programs; to establish an emergency fund for low-income utility customers and to oppose a 12 per cent City Public Service rate increase. 
But he refused to back a demand that 75 per cent of a proposed SKH) million capital improvement bond program be spent for drainage pro­ jects inside Loop 41o 
And he also disagreed xx 11 Ii COPS’ position on utility extension po­ licies. 
Chapa was asked: “ W ill you push for policies requiring developers to pay the actual cost of extending u tility service to their subdivisions?” 
He responded by saying he was against subsidies for developers outside the city limits, but would favor incentives for developers in­ side San Antonio. 
'“Is (hut a ‘yes’ or ‘lid?” ’ inquired 
Ins interrogator. 
“ It is a very intelligent ‘yes,’" snorted Chapa, implying that his questioner was too dumb to under­ stand the answer. 
Nevertheless, it was recorded as a 
“ no." 
Accountable 
Finally, Chapa declined to sign a piece of paper stating: “ If I am elected to the City Council I will be held accountable for the commit­ ments I have made to COPS.” 
Chapa contended he was refusing to put his commitment in writing because “ my word is my bond.” 
Then he and his supporters stomped out of the meeting while one of the COPS leaders shouted: 
“ Mr. Dario Chapa will not sign.” 
Chapa never looked back — and, 

 in effect, told C O PS to stick its commitment sheet in its collective ear. 
The confrontation would have been more fiery but for C O PS leader Rev. Albert Benavides, pas­ tor of St. Timothy's. 
At one point during the question­ ing of candidates, Chapa's sup­ porters became so unruly that it looked like they might take over the meeting. 
Thundered 
Father Benavides — who is built like an N FL tight end — stepped to the microphone and thundered: 
“ Let me make something very clear. We have had other candidates bring pep squads to disrupt our meetings. And COPS will not put up with it. 
“ If you have your own pep squads here tonight,” he warned the can didates, “ You better quiet them down." 
The crowd was considerably tamer after that. 
W hile COPS leaders were able to maintain control of the meeting, they could not have been very happy about the night's events. 
The organization now faces ser­ ious problems as a result of Chapa's public insults. 
D istrict 5. carved out of San 
Antonio’s near Southwest Side, is considered C O PS’ major strongh­ old. So if an anti-COPS candidate is elected to represent the area, the organization will suffer losses in prestige and power at City Hall. 
Defeat 
C O PS’ by-laws prevent the or­ ganization from endorsing candi­ dates, but a Chapa win would still be construed in political circles as a 
COPS defeat. 
Such a win is certainly possible 
In fact, some political observers have tagged Chapa the favorite in the District 5 race. 

The 39-year-old Mexican Am eri­ can Neighborhood Civie Organiza­ tion (M ANCO ) research director has been politically active on the 
West Side for 15-2o years. He has a strong campaign organization. And he has the backing of West Side businessman and political kingpin 
Frank Sepulveda. 

So it looks like the District 5 race w ill be a good test of C O PS' strength in its own back yard. lf Chapa wins April 2, COPS will receive a big push toward the gra­ veyard for political has-beens. 

Laos jails ex-king and crown prince 

Buena V ista Street between San ta Rosa and Pecos streets will be closed M onday through F rid a y 
Detour will be m ark e d 
The IH1o inbound connecting ra m p to 
IH35 under M artin Street will be closed 
M onday through W ednesday. D etour will be on the Peco s Street off ra m p to Peco s and south to the on ram p at W est N uevo 
Street 
W e stb o u n d la n e s ot R it t m a n 
R o a d between IH35 and C astle C ross D riv e w ill be closed trom 9 a rn. to 3 o rn w eekd ays through M a rch 25 tor re p avin g 
D etour will be m arked. Eastbound lanes will be optMi to traffic. 
N o rth b o u n d la n e s of B ia n c o R o a d between H ild eb rand and buttwood a v e n ­ ues will be closed M onday for re p avin g 
Detour will be m arked. Southbound B la n co will be open 
South halt of the Mitde brand B lan co intersection will be closed and traffic both w ays will be routed on the north half of the intersection. 
The outside lone of southbound U S. 281 
(S a n P e d r o A v e n u e ) fro m 
H e r it a g e 
Bo ulevard to S a h a ra D rive will be closed all week. 
N orthbound and southbound lanes on la ri am o ra Street between N ew L a re d o 
H ig h w ay and C entennial S tre e t w ill be closed. Southbound traffic will detour at 
Centennial to the southbound lane on L a ­ redo H ighw ay. 
N o rth b o u n d t r a ff ic on 
M a u r s u n d 
B o ulevard between 
Ashley and 
A nsley streets will be detoured 
T raffic w ill turn on Ashley Street east to Pleasanto n Rood and then north 
Southbound tro ffic on 
M oursund will detour on Pleasan to n Road to Ashley Road and west on A shley back to Moursund 
On the west side of San P e d ro A ven u e, 
Ja c k s o n K e lle r R o ad w ill be open but 
Oblate D rive will be closed 
One lane of westbound trottic on IM 41o will be closed in the vicin ity of M cC u l lough Avenue 
Southbound 
Pro b and t 
Street will be reduced to one lane of traffic because of 
♦ he ronignkm o of the M K T cro ssin g at 
Lone Star B o ulevard . 
The Foster Road bridge o ve r IH IO east of San Antonio is closed. 

V IE N T IA N E , 
Laos 
(A P ) — The king arid three other members of 
Laos’ fallen royalty have been jailed by the twoyeur-uld Communist government for alleged involvement in rebel activities, official sources said Sunday. 
The sources said 
Savang Vatthanu, the 
69-year-old king who ab­ dicated in 
1975, the former crown prince and two others were arrested 
Saturday in the old royal capital of 
Luang 
Prabang. 
The sources said the crown prince had mas­ terminded a rebel attack in the area last week. 
There were no details on what the others were al­ leged to have done. 
It was believed the four might he sent to Phong 
Suly, a northern province to which other political prisoners have been sent by the Communists. 
Savang was the last ruler in a 6oo-year-old 
Laotioan monarchy. IR1 had been generally regarded as opposing the 
Communists before their takeover, bul had not publicly opposed them since then. 
The government made no immediate putdic an­ nouncement of the arrest til the man once known as 
“ the preserver of life of all our nation.” 
Savang never enjoyed deep support throughout 
Laos, but some felt word of his arrest might stir strong feelings in Luang 
Prabang aud Vientiane. 

Stroke fells 
Jan Paloeka 

VIANNA. Austria (AIM | 
— Philosopher Jan P a ­ ine ka, a spokesman for the Czechoslovak ( barter 
77 human rights group. died in a Prague hospital 
Suuda.v morning follow • mg a stroke, according to J reports reaching Vienna. | 

The Communist Pathel 
Lao had announced 
Suvang’s abdication Dee. 
3. 1975. Later it took over the nation s government following the fall of South 
Vietnam and Cambodia lo 
Communist movements. 

Savang was named an adviser to the new Com­ munist government, hut did not perform even ceremonial functions for it. Since Ins abdication lie had been living in a private home i i i Luang 
Prabang. 

Box or menthol: 
Carlton i is lowest. 
Look at tin* latest I .S. Government figures for other top brands that call themselves "low ” in tar. 

Brand D 
Brand D Menthol 
Brand V Menthol 
Brand V________ 
Brand M Menthol 
Brand M......... 
Carlton Soft Pack 
Carlton Menthol 
Carlton Box 

1 less than 1 less than *1 less than I mg. tar. 

Warning: The Surgeon General Has Determined 

That Cigarette Smoking Is Dangerous to Your Health. 

Soft Pack and Menthol' I mg Tai", o1 mg nicotine a* pet cigarette. FTC Report DEC. '76. Bo* I mg "tai'*. 
OI mg nicotine av pet cigarette by FTC method. 

 f 

SAN AN TO N IO EXPRESS— Monday March 14 1977 

Save 15.11! White swirl dinnerware set 
2488 

SEASON'S 
LOWEST 
PRICE! 

O rig. 39.99. Oven-proof, dishwasher safe. Service for 8 has 5-piece place settings plus 5 serving pieces. House­ wares, all stores. Say "Charge it!" 

 i . 

/ J ' 

Save 7o.o1-8o.o1 on men's leisure suits 
19" 

SEASON'S 
LOWEST 
PRICE! 

S o ld n a t i o n a l l y 9 o .o o -1 o o .o o . 
Tailored leisure suits in assorted colors and styles. Not all sizes in all colors. 
Men's Sportswear, all stores. 

Save 5.o1! 'Sunliner' 
Cobbies sandals 

SEASON'S 
LOWEST 
PRICE! 16" 

R eg . 22.oo. Famous Cobbies sandals, in red, white, navy, black, bone or camel-color. Shoes, all stores except 
Las Palmas. 

Save 3.o1-7.o1! Ladies swagger style handbags 

SEASON'S f \ Q 
Q 
LOWEST 
^ 
PRICE! 

Orig. 13.oo-17.oo. Shoulder handbags with framed styling, in white, bone, black or camel-tone vinyl. Handbags, all stores except Las Palmas. 
MARCH 

SHOP ALL STORES 
1o TIL 9 MONDAY! 

HURRY IN AT IO A.M.! 
Boys' 4-7 'football number' print sleep wear, orig. 7.oo 
Park, Las Palmas and Austin. 
3.99 
Boys' 4-7, Downtown, North Star, Windsor 
Men's lightweight all-weather polyester-cotton jackets, orig. 25.oo .......................... 5.99 
M en's Sportswear, Downtown, North Star, W indsor Park, Las Palmas, and Austin 
Men's solid color sport shirts, S-M-L-XL. Orig. 9 .o o ..................................................... 5.99 
Men's Sport Furnishings, Downtown, North Star, W indsor Park and Austin 
Young men's woven or knit short sleeve sport shirts, orig. 3 .9 9 .................................. 1.99 
442 I D Shop, Downtown, North Star, W indsor Park, Las Palmas and Austin 
23 channel CB radio with squelch control, orig. 139.95 ............................................. 68.85 
CB Radios, Downtown, North Star, W indsor Park, Las Palmas and Austin 
Hydro sink or bath plunger, oriq. 7 .5 o ............................................................................... 1.49 
Notions, Downtown, North Star, W indsor Park, and Austin. 
Assorted Marks stainless steel shears, orig. 9.25-12.5o ........................ fi 99.9 29 
Notions, Downtown, North Star, W indsor Park and Austin 
.................... 
Genuine teak wood carving board, orig. 17.oo nisor Park, Las Palmas and Ausl 
11.88 

69.99 

Housewares. Downtown. North Star, W indsor Park, Las Palmas and Austin 
45-piece china service for eight by International, orig. 9 9 .9 9 
China, Downtown, North Star, Windsor Park and Austin 
45-piece stoneware service for eight by International, reg. 69.99 ............................ 49.99 
China, Downtown, North Star, Windsor Park and Austin 
Grand Vin set of eight wine glasses by I. G. Durand, reg. 8.99 .................................. 6.49 
Glassware, Downtown, North Star, Windsor Park and Austin 

ALL NEW VALUES NOT ADVERTISED BEFORE! SAVE NOW! 

Save 1/3! Junior 

 spring gaucho sets 

• S S K I R99 oo99 
PRICE! X 
— A i J 

O rig. 24.oo to 36.oo. Fashion-right gaucho sets, perfect for spring! In as­ sorted colors, sizes 5-13. Junior Dresses all stores. Save now! 

Save 6 . o 1 ! Italian 

 import sandals by Lark 

SEASON'S 
I ^ Q 
Q lo w e s t 
I tr \ ^ ^ 
PRICE! 
JL V Z 

R eg. 23.oo. Dress sandals in new fash­ ion colors. Great with your spring and summer wear! Shoes, all stores except 
Las Palmas. Charge it! 

Special! Boys' 8 - 1 4 washed-out denim jeans 

SEASON'S 
A Q Q low est 
X I c7 
PRICE! 

S p ecial v alu e! Our own brand! Ma­ ch in e washable, com fortable p re­ washed cotton denim jeans. Boyswear, all stores except Las Palmas. 

Save 1/2! Pre-teen 
1 I assorted sportswear 

SEASON'S 
O Q Q 
O Q Q 
LOWEST 
^ ^ __ 
/ *Z *Z 
PRICE! 
V Z 
JL 

O rig. 8.oo-16.oo. Assorted pants, skirts > and tops to mix or match for seveial different looks! Sizes 6-14. Shindig, all stores. Use your charge card! 

Stationery purchased this week, monogrammed with 3 initials, at no extra charge! 

T h is week only! Have your station- ery purchased at Joske's monogrammed with 3 initials at no additional charge! 
Allow IO days for completion. Station- 
J ery, all stores except Las Palmas. 

I 

Save 2.o1! Ceramic frog and garden tools 

SEASON'S 
O Q Q 
LOWEST 
J 
Z J 
PRICE! 
C m l 

O rig. 5.oo. Delightful 'Freddie the 
Gardener' holds 3 handy tools, com­ plete with mister. Floral design. Station­ ery, all stores except Las Palmas. 

Save 4.oo! Hamilton Beach 
7-speed blender 

SEASON'S 
I r i Q 
Q 
LOWEST 
I 
J \ J Z J 
PRICE! 
X I 

R eg. 21.99. Sleek, low silhouette and bright color choices for today's kitch­ ens. 44 oz. shatterproof container. Small 
Electrics, all stores. 

Special! Famous label 
Junior coordinates 

“ lS s s s I 
I 9 
9 
_ 
9 f i 
" 
PRICE! X X 
L J V z 

S p ecial p u rch ase! Yellow or green shirts, skirts, jackets, vests.and pants. 
Polyester gabardine, 5-13. Jr. Sport­ swear, all stores except Las Palmas. 

1 Save 4.o1! Misses woven cotton shirts 

SEASON'S 
H f Q Q 
LOWEST 
/ 
PRICE! 
X 

O rig. 12.oo. Long sleeve classic shirt styles in a variety of colorful prints. All cotton, sizes S, M, L, Dress Accessories, 
I all stores except Las Palmas. 

Save 4o% ! 9x12' nylon shag rug remnants 

SEASON'S 
A 
A 
D 
D 
LOWEST 
PRICE! 
V / 

R eg. 166.oo. Popular multi-color nylon shag rugs are tightly tufted on jute backing. Finished on 4 sides. Rugs, all stores. Save now! 

Save 5o% ! High back 

 traditional chair 

SEASON'S 
A 
A 
O 
O 
LOWEST 
V l v 4 UV^ 
PRICE! v / 

O rig. 199.oo. Avocado color blends with any decor! Velvet loose reversible cushions with lined skirt. Furniture, all steres except Windsor Park 

Special! Joske's own 

 stretch stitch machine 

 s e a s o n s ! 
! / ‘'V O O 
LOWEST I 
I U v U 
PRICE! X X V / 

S p ecial v alu e! Our own brand! Edge stitches, monograms, sews on buttons, more! Head only. Sewing Machines, 
Downtown and North Star. 

SAN ANTONIO EXPRESS— Monday March I 4 I 977 

Save 3.o1! Wing collar short sleeve tops 
I 6 " 

SEASON'S 
LOWEST 
PRICE 

Save 6.o1! Polyester spring gauchos 
7 9 9 
SEASON'S 
LOWEST 
PRICE! 

Save 1o.o1! Pre-washed 
^ cotton denim jumpsuits 
29" 

SEASON'S 
LOWEST 
PRICE! 

Save 4.o1! Juniors' short sleeve shirts 
6" 

SEASON'S 
LOWEST 
PRICE! 

O rig. 1o.oo. Split wing collar tops in assorted stripes. Short sleeved for cool comfort! Sun Country Sportswear, all stores except Las Palmas. 

O rig. 14.oo. Fashion gauchos in spring colors. Polyester fabrics, for ease of care. 8-16. Sun Country, Sportswear, all stores. Use your charge card! 

R e g . 4o.oo. Pre-washed cotton denim for comfort! Self-belted, with button front. 6-14. Sun Country Dresses, all stores except Las Palmas. 

O rig. 11.oo. Short sleeve woven shirts in solids and plaids. Polyester-cotton, 5- 
13. Junior Sportswear, all stores except 
Las Palmas. 

 x 

EARLY BIRD SPECIALS! 

Ladies' novelty woven tops, S-M-L, assorted prints, orig. 14.oo-16.oo.............. 9.99 
Sun Country Sportswear, Downtown, North Star, Windsor Park and Austin 
Ladies' spring polyester tank tops, 8-18. orig. 8 .o o ......................................................... 4.5o 
Plaza Sportswear, Downtown, North Star, Windsor Park and Austin. 
Natural straw hats in 6 styles by Betmar, orig. 5.oo........................................................ 2.99 
Accessories, Downtown, North Star, Windsor Park and Austin 
Washable velour slippers, assorted colors, S, M, L., orig. 7.oo 
3.99 
Hosiery, Downtown, North Star, Windsor Park and Austin 
Necklaces, bracelets, earrings reduced for clearance! Orig. 3.oo-5.OC........................ 99* 
Costume Jewelry, Downtown, North Star, Windsor Park and Austin 
Waltz length nylon tricot gowns, pastels. S-M-L, special value .................................. 4.99 
Main Floor Sleepwear, Downtown, North Star, Windsor Park, Las Palmas and Austin. 
Petti-slips in Antron,i; III nylon, assorted styles, orig. 4.oo-6.oo ................................. 2.99 
Day wear, Downtown, North Star, Windsor Park and Austin 
Special group of wood bottom sandals, reg. 17.oo-2o.oo ............................................ 12.99 
Women's Shoes, Downtown, North Star, Windsor Park and Austin 

USE YOUR CONVENIENT 
JOSKE'S CHARGE CARD! 
SHOP EARLY AND SAVE! 

LIMITED QUANTITIES! SORRY, NO MAIL OR PHONE ORDERS! 

Save 1o.o1-3o.o1 on spring dresses, pantsuits 

SEASON'S 
A Q Q l o w e s t v7 v7 
PRICE! x j 

Orig. 2o.oo-4o.oo. Final clearance on early sprin g dresses an d pantsuits! 
Sizes 6-18. Sun Country Dresses, all stores except Las Palmas. 

Save 6.o1! National brand pantsuits 

SEASON'S f \ Q 
Q 
LOWEST 
^ ^ 
PRICE! x J 

Orig. 16.oo. Polyester gabardine pant­ suits by a famous maker! Spring colors, sizes 8 to 16. Sun Country Sportswear, all stores except Las Palmas. 

Save 5o% on genuine ivory or jade jewelry 

“ l» ? S ? Q 4 9 
/ 1 Q 9 9 
PRICE! 
“ 
T t v 
/ 
O rig. 7.oo-1oo.oo. G en uine antique ivory or jade necklaces, bracelets and charm s. C ostum e Jewelry, all stores except Las Palmas. 

Save V3 -V2 ! 
Jrs. spring fashions 

SEASON'S I O Q Q 
O 
P Q 
Q l o w e s t I 
J K j J 
PRICE! X \ J 
L Jk\J 

O rig. 28.oo-4o.oo. Save on long dress­ es, skirt sets and jumpsuits in assorted colors, sizes 5-13, Junior Dresses, all stores except Las Palmas. 

| 
THE BUDGET STORE AT JOSKE’S 
I 

SAVE 3.o2-4.o2! MISSES1 
POLYESTER KNIT TOPS 

SEASON'S 
^% 
Q7 
LOWEST 
A 
PRICE! 
“ l l p e r i. 5.99-6.99. M isses tops in sleeveless or short sleeve styles. Spring colors, S-M-L. Budget Store. Use your 
Joske’s charge card! 

SPECIAL PURCHASE! 
NYLON TRICOT SLIPS 

SEASON'S ti Q 7 l o w e s t 
I w 
PRICE! 
A 
If peri. 3.99-5.99. Tailored and lace trim m ed slips in w hite only. Broken sizes 32-42. Budget Store. Just say 
’ Charge it!” 

SAVE 5o% ON NEW 
SPRING COSTUME JEWELRY 

SEASON'S A ti fin 
LOWEST 
P 
PRICE! Cl TOR A 
Orig. 1.oo-2.oo. Many styles in gold- tone or silver-tone, plus spring brights. 
Save now in Budget Store. Come ear­ ly for best selection! 

SAVE 2.o2! GIRLS1 4-6X 
DRESSES & PANT SETS 

SEASON'S 
A Q7 
LOWEST 
<3 I 
PRICE! 
If peri. 5.99. Solids aud prints. 
Shirred waist, polyester or polyester- cotton, 4 to 6x Slight irreg u laritie s won t affect wear Budget Store 

SAVE 3.o2! BOYS1 SHORT 

SLEEVE KNIT TOPS 

SEASON'S 
AQ7 l o w e s t 
PRICE! 
V 

If p e r fe c t 6.99. A ssorted rugby stripes in lightw eight acrylic knits. 
White collar and cuffs Sizes 8 to 18. 
Budget Store. Charge it! 

SAVE 6.o1! YOUNG 

MEN’S FLARE SLACKS 

SEASON'S 
AQQ 
LOWEST 
€ ' ' ' * 
PRICE! 
V 

R eg. 1o.oo. High rise belt loop waist slacks have a flare leg. Assorted solids in polyester-rayon. Sizes 27-36 waist 
Budget Store 

SAVE 2.o2 ON MEN’S 

SHORT SLEEVE SPORT SHIRTS 

SEASON'S 
HQ? 
LOWEST 
A*'4 
PRICE! 
W 
Reg. 7.99. Texturized polyester for cool summer comfort! Two button flap pockets and contrast stitch. S-M-L-XL, 
Budget Store. Rush! 

SPECIAL PURCHASE! 

FURNITURE THROW COVERS 

SEASON'S I I Q 7 ti A Q 7 
LOWEST 
I SI71 
PRICE! 
A V 

S p e c ia l p u rc h a s e ! Choose assorted styles and colors from Lincoln Textile, 
Sizes 6ox7o, 7ox9o, 7ox12o or 7ox14o, 
3.97-1o.97. Budget Store. 

6-A__________ SAN A N T O N IO EXPRESS— Mondov Morch 14 1977 
Palestinians call for Israeli defeat 

ASSOCIATED PRESS 
CAIRO — Charging that Israel is preparing for a new war, the Palestin­ ian National Council said Sunday it would not drop the destruction of 
Israel as a national goal. 
After a three-hour session of the 
Palestinian policy-setting o rg a n iz a ­ tion, spokesman Mahnioud al-Laboudy said the group also refused to discuss linking itself with .Jordan until Pales­ tinians were given land. 
“ Israel is preparing for a new war and rejects withdrawal from the oc­ cupied Arab lands,” Al-Laboudy said, telling reporters he spoke for all 293 m e m b e rs m eeting in C airo. “ We should, therefore, be ready to face the 
Israeli challenge.” 
Israel has refused to return to Mid­ dle East peace talks in Geneva if the 
Palestinians send their own delega­ 

 tion. The United States has refused to deal with them until they recognize 
Israel’s right to exist. 

More moderate Arab leaders have proposed that the Palestinians attend 
' as part of the Jordanian delegation and set up a government-in-exile for a state which theoretically would be created on Jordanian land now held by Israel and on the Israeli-occupied Caza Strip 
P alestine g u e rrilla lead er Y asir 
Arafat was reported last Tuesday to have tentatively agreed with Jordan’s 
King Hussein on a linking of interests. 
But Al-Laboudy said: “ We should have a land first before taking up the idea of forming a government.” 
“ We will not discuss at this stage the 
[imposed formal link or federation with Jordan simply because we .still have no land,” he a d d e d .____________ 

Swiss nix ouster 

BERN, Switzerland (AP) — Swiss voters rejected rightwing proposals 
Sunday to force 25o,ooo foreigners out of Switzerland over the next IO years and to put new limits on naturalization of outsiders. 
Returns from throughout Sw itzer­ land showed a more than 2-1 majority against constitutional a m e n d m en ts aim ed at what their b a c k e rs call 
“overforeignization.” 
It was the third time in six years that the conservatives, who control only six of the 2oo seats in the lower house of parliam ent, had tried to force out 

 many of the foreigners who now make up 15 per cent of S w itzerland’s o.3 million population. 
An even more drastic initiative was defeated only narrowly in the first vote in 197o. But the re c e ssio n -re la te d d e p artu re of some 23o.ooo foreign workers since then seem ed to have largely defused the issue. 
The Republican Movement party of publisher Jam es Schwarzenbach had proposed that foreigners living in 
Switzerland be limited to 12.5 per cent of the population, with all others leav­ ing at a rate of 25,ooo a year until 1987. 

LARGE SELECTION 
BRASS BEDS AND HEADBOARDS 

FREE DELIVERY 

TW IN SET 
8 
9 
5 o 

DOUBLE SET 
9 
9 
5 o 

‘INNERSPRING SET’ 

BUDGET TERMS 
9o DAYS SAME AS CASH 

SALE 
Q UEEN SIZE SET 

BLUES guitarist A lbert King dishes out some of his soulful m edicine. 

TRUNDLE BEDS 

O B R A S S -M A P IE -WHITE 
• WALNUT ENDS 

METAL LEGS 
129?? 

WITH ENDS 
239°u? 

Blues wows guitarist audience 

SietP LIKE A KING 
|735-52lTl 
•u MADDOX nfa 

4 1o9 Fredericksburg Road 

By BKN KING Jr. 
Blues guitarist Albert 
King practiced his own brand of psychotherapy 
S atu rd ay night at tile 
Last wood Country Club arid sent home an extre­ mely happy audience of patients. 
And by doing so. King 

Review 

 proved why he’s a m aster of the blues. The more he plays hard-tim e songs, the better the audience feels. 
King hit the stage with his pipe spewing smoke 

ME?" w 
¥ 
¥ v 

HY ANYONE? 
THE CAR BREAKS 
DOWN. THE DISH­ 
WASHER GOES ON 
THE BLINK. THE KIDS 
ARE SICK. THE BOSS IS 
ANGRY. THE BILLS ARE 
PILING UP. AND YOU JUST 
SPILLED COFFEE DOWN 
THE FRONT OF YOUR SHIRT. 
Granted, for a while everything seems to be going for you. You're content and happy. And nothing can top that feeling. But when some­ thing does go wrong... and it will, again and again... how do you deal with it? How do you keep it from getting you down? How do you get, and how do you maintain, a little peace of mind? 
I 

OTS of people with the same problems are living proof that the 
- J answer is Jesus 
Christ. Not that they don't have problems anymore. But they know that problems aren't theirs alone any longer. 
They're living proof that it isn't you against the world. There s someone else who's ready to solve your problems with you. They're living proof that you can cope with daily problems, live with them and learn from them... with His help. They're living 

 proof that Jesus Christ is alive, and "you will have peace through union with Him," exactly as He said. 
F you would like to know more about people who are living proof, if you need more information, or have made a decision to accept 
Jesus Christ, there are people nearby ready to share that with you. Please let them know. 
For a little peace of mind, and a lot more. 

More inform ation is available through a Southern 
Baptist Church near you O r, w rite Living Proof, 
Box 1oCX), Dallas, Texas 75221 

' Please tell me more about people w ho are living proof that Jesus Christ is a real person, w ith real solutions for today's problem s. 

 lam now trusting Jesus Christ to change my life. 

L_ I would like to reaffirm a prior com m itm ent I m ade to Jesus Christ. 

I need more information. Please get back to me. 

Name 

Address 

Age 

A iiu-sougt' hum Southern bututs, in It*J 

 and a song ready for whatever was ailing the crowd. 
Anecdotes 
If somebody was low on rent money. King had the tune and if so m e o n e ’s lover had just left them, the g u ita rist had m ore than enough anecdotes in the form of blues songs. 
A particularly good ex­ ample of the blues’ ther­ apeutic value was King’s rendition of his hit song 
“ Blues at Sunrise.” 
Even though the song came early in the even­ ing, the a u d ie n c e was well oiled and ready for some of King’s medicine. 
W hile o ther p e r ­ fo rm e rs claim they communicate with their audience. King actually set up a special dialogue with his fans at the 
Eastwood th a t’s unique to the blues. 
For in sta n c e the 
2o-year-v e te ra n of the blues sang: “ I ’ve been looking for my lover and 
I haven’t found her any­ where.” 
Responds 
And then several wo­ men in the audience re­ sponded with an empha­ tic: “ And neither have 
I.” 
When King is in fine I form like he was S a tu r-' day, its hard to imagine I a more enjoyable way to i get your troubles off your | chest. 
Like the doctor who uses a ste th e s c o p e to pinpoint w hat ails his p a tie n t, King used his g u ita r to probe the a u ­ dience’s emotions. 
With a sharp stinging fill h ere and a few lig h tn in g ru n s th e re , 
King poked around with his guitar to diagnose the mood. 
It didn't take long be­ fore the audience started to shout “ T hat’s it m an” or “ You’ve really got it now ” as King took off on a solo. 
The blues m aster had struck a nerve in the au­ dience’s soul. 
Firem en robbed 

A group of fire fighters got “ burned” over the weekend. 
(’ash totaling a little over $14 was taken from a coffee* can locked inside a c a b in e t in the kitehen-TV room of Fire 
Station No. 7, WH S. Ala­ mo St. 
Bist. Chief Fred Acosta said the money was Col­ lected by men on his shift lo purchase food. 
The theft was disco­ vered Friday when an off-duty fire fig h ter dropped by tile station. 
The can. containing only loose change, was under neath the opened cabinet, police were told 
All the firemen on duty ut the time wert* away and the sta tio n was locked except for a si tit door that was wide open, officers reported. 
Acosta said the money had been locked up w hen the shift went off duty 
Thursday. An investiga 
Hon into the theft is con tinuing. police san!. 

He’s happy 

 w it h verdict 

HUNTSVILLE. Tex. 
(AP) — Victoria rancher 
11 a ni pl on I'. Robinson said he was “ h a p p y ” after a jury found him guilty 
S aturd ay of crim in ally negligent homicide in the shooting death last October of a wealthy gun enthusiast. 

TODAY’S 

I W T M M I M f l l ----------------------- 
S* 
2 N U M B E R S I 
I 

*5 
IN 

12 n o o n . s» 
Deadline 
T u e s . 
3 - 1 5 - 7 7 
« 

o 4 5 2 - 5 8 - 9 5 5 1 

GIFT CERTIFICATE 

* 1 o 4 6 7 - 7 o - 1 3 7 7 1 

IN GIFT CERTIFICATE I 
$2546o*42* 73o3 
IN GIFT CERTIFICATE 

* ] o 4 6 2 - 8 o - 9 3 7 4 

IN GIFT C ER TIFIC A TE. 
*25 4 5 5 - o 5 - o 5 4 9 

IN GIFT CERTIFICATE 

* 1 o 4 4 9 - 3 6 - 2 5 5 2 

IN GIFT CERTIFICATE 
♦IO465' 6o' 5 8 5 o 
IN GITT CERTIFICATE 

* 1 o 4 6 5 - 1 o - 1 4 5 4 

IN GIFT CERTIFICATE 

4 6 4 - 2 6 - 7 3 2 6 
TWO *5 SPURS TICKETS 

4 6 1 - 8 o - 4 3 2 5 

TWO ‘5 SPURS TICKETS 

Claims not honored on Sat. or Sun. 

Winners must bring their Social Security card and another form of iden­ 

 tification to the SWEEPSTAKES EDITOR at the Express-News building, 

Ave. E and Third St. by the deadline indicated above. Prizes will be 

 forfeited otherwise. ALL PRIZES ARE IN THE FORM OF GIFT CERTI­ 

FICATES FOR THE A M O U N T W O N REDEEMABLE AT STORES W H IC H 

HAVE ADVERTISED IN THE SA N A N T O N IO EXPRESS, THE N E W S , 

OR WEEK END fcXPRESS-NEWS THIS W EEK. W inners of Spurs tickets 

 will receive ticket claim letters with which they may claim their two free 

 tickets to the home game of their choice. 
A BONUS NUMBER 
WORTH *1 ,o o o OR MORE 
IN PRIZES 
EACH SUNDAY 

PLUS A SUBSCRIBER BONUS 
THAT CAN W IN YOU UP TO 
$5oo EXTRA IN PRIZES! lf you’re the winner of our big $ 1 ,o o o Bonus Number, and you’re a present subscriber to the daily San Antonio 
Express and The News, you’ll be awarded an ADD I­ 
TIONAL $ 5oo IN PRIZES! lf you win the Bonus Number, and you are a present subscriber to the daily Express or 
The News, you’ll claim an additional $ 2 5 o in prizes! 

SEND IN YOUR ENTRY TODAY 
The earlier you get. it in, the more drawings you’ll be eligible for! 

N O PURCHASE NECESSARY. Entry cards also available at the Ex­ press-News upon request. W inning numbers may be viewed at the newspaper offices from 8 :3 o a m. to 5 :3 o p.m. M onday - Friday or at public libraries during open hours. 

The Rules: 

1. TO INTER 
Sim ply WM wi th * #**try to w y o n mi rh all 
• 
•M i yew* ! »«*•>» Sw arfty aam* mm* W — S W ilP tT AKI! IX 
M I U 
AMO 
Mf WS 
P O 
SOX t i l l . I m t c i M T I2 9 L 
TK* * M ry i M f i m m u tt t»« o * h « r 
• d to o |m h a r i i l a M r t t to d and 
♦M r motion Mw R w n M tt it rw- 
«u*»»* to #*ct or (Atry i t t f t ai to ovoM otto rn* tim 
Ca (tro t* o w l 
Mows. Aw*. I «M ?litre Si , Mom 
I IO m m to I IO rn woo* 
Soy* So turn to chock tho “ YES" 
So* * you w ith Mi tuhtcrtho to tho o tt or Nows or both or if you WMS to o*4 OO tho ath ar po»ot. Or HH In tho “MO h o t lf you 4m oot w ith to tuhtcrtho litho# troy, you mr rn ohgihfo lo# tho ort to t 4 you too* W* tho tom - ft to to* orstvy to r* 

2 . PRUIS rand b a oH o 'o d M U ,. Man 
Cair Cir a m b * r.d e t an (b a Can 
Ancome lo g ro ll an # The M arat 

I t tw at! M aw, b a .a a a a a d raw - rap landau ta d b ari, a a a a a Tri. a a , i b r ara 
. t a t a a a , a a a 
Maw a a , r Wttra t rt ar til b a a ta r a a a fab a rf r a t a t a t e n titlin g 
•S aar la Hawi 
.b a r r a a# ta ta r! a ra . cha*.a tta tra m ti, rn a a t t a 
• ra ra M . t r a t t a a aa atta b a a A a- aaa ta ta n ta r a 
Tira M aarr. aa Cat. r* a a , a r Cam ata, l t , t a t i N a m a m rap attaa ta a a b 

 tu tti)»« b « i u t M IU CONCH! 
O * 
CO N U , 
NUMMIC ta r o t! ! ! 
S* OOO OO mot I I ACM WUK 
KOC IO c u lt CC Ileum (ACM 
SUMMY a t re 

I a g ra te r* a tab arriba, ta ttaa b art, Carr An­ tarala I A gron an a Ttaa N a m , ba ar aba a.til Ka a t. or d ab an ab- bttrana! CCOO in grater 
It abo 
Camata, Iowan Ntraaabaa aa annat at 
• b ro tan ! t„b t a r ta a r ta Cia bat*, 
I■ b ro tt OK TK# M arat, ba ar tb a tart! ba oar aaa ala a an a b a tt tonal 
CIM ) ira itn ia t 

CATBOAT KKIXtC W ill CONCH! 
Of s c o ( it 
J I (J) 
1o(C ) 
I c r u s e c c n e s t l e (C KAIS) 

DAU, MUZIC IN SOTH TMI l l . 
MICC ANO INC NCWC. 
SCO (I) 
J I (J) 
IO IC) 
I c r u s e s c f i d d l e a l KAIS) 

 a f o f At o t 
C ia o in r e n t e 
DAU, KUC • s c c r u s e fK M fC ! 
3. HOW YOU CAN 
WIN: 
A brew ing rail b a bola b o il, lo batatm ana aba ta t la m tap b a , a a anna at 
Caramba,. Calab a, an a 
U t at b r , m anta a a natl ba b raw n 
Itta br b ar barra la tb s , Tba am it ar 
,aa. tan a an ,a m a n a ., aba llama 
•araba ,oar antu b a ata«ibta lo rn an b atta ti 
4. OI ADI INC TO CLAIM 
PRUIS 
Wanning n um ber, natl b a gubhah a b am b b o , In tb a Can A ntonia t a b 'a tt Tba N ew t anb C arm an, an a Cair rata, le jtre it N ew t, ta - b ro tt aaraaaatmt rn att b a r a antu noon ab* tenanting b a , ta a loa m b ru e t Marat aaaaanett na ill bove 

 mats C p m abo fellew m g b a , aa alarm (artlet It a m im ing num ber aa b ab ish ed an tra d e ,. Ce fur d e ,, rn Can d o ,, tba b u t a t arnut be a loamed b , C b-m •Sa •allow ing 
M onde, rn (b a , Will b a fan tailed 
Wanner, m a , (atma ta abe Cir- aw la tte n Dab* a t abe ia g r e tt- 
N ew t betidin g . A ra I an d Third 
Ct aa a learn abear g r u e l 
Tho, m att bane g re et a t abear Cactal 
Cat u rn , num ber, g re te re b i, rn 
Cactal Cacur it, cm d. gbrt arbor aderaMticatren W inner! m a tt te n am i aba I a b re tt anb N ew t b , abo tb g rag n a ro h eadline ar g ra ia t 

S. WHO MAY INTER 

Tba C M .OOO C w eeg tro b o t r f at ag en to o n , re ttd e n t a t a n , a re a w here aba Can Antarala I t b ract arab The N ew t a ra daatrabated 
Tba alb , regear am e n t a# atter ba rn aba boo# rn C anal Cacur ar, num ber Cangle,o a t arab atnmeda- e te familia a af 
Im g ra tt'N a w t 
Caarg and W orld br anting Ce , an b dattribw tert m a 
NO KUSCH ACC ti 
N it (CIAK! TO CNTCS OS CLAIM 
A M HC 
An entry cm d watt b a tumaabed up on 'ag u a ra tram aba 
Cmr 
A niente 
C ontact and 
Tba 
N ew t ta am C U a m ta I i s g rn 
W eeb 4 e,t 
W inning num ­ b er! m a , ba v iew ed e« tba Co g reat N ev a building tram A.CO a m ta I. CO b rn d e , rn m gab lac abr or rat tu t «g ag en b e e n 
TOU 
NHO 
NOT 
CUSIC A IAI 
OS 
MAKI 
ANT 
KUACHACC Aet raw m u tt en te r ta bo olagabto ae wm I MIC O ff CS H 
VOID 
WMtSI 
CHINK IID 
AT 
LAW 

ADHERE TO POSTCARD, PLEASE! 

San Antonio t x press 

I Tie N e w s *5o,ooo SWEEPSTAKES 7 7 
□ 

M o d to 
I tprstt and Mew, SWEEPSTAKES 
RO So. 2585 
Son Antonio, T*»oe 7829/ 
ATHN OSCULATION DIPT 

MV SOCIAL SS CWI IYY NUM * UC lf. 

Picots tnt## mg m tbs 
SWEEPS!AKES and I would 

 iA s to s*»t#i a cu b ic o p tio n a c 
Y E S 
•ndicotsd balow f©« flag nod 
9o do,c 
□ 
Picots sn lei ms an tbs 
SWEEPSTAKES bul I pests* 

 not lo Olde' a cuber option lo 
NO 
•be papsrt of tba* time 

N A M I__ 

ADDRESS 

C IT Y 
__ 

TEi EPm O n E 

A p r 

SIAU 
Zip - 

EJ P ic o ts c w t dbl.,**, o* tb s Newt & bundu, □ Pleats don ds*.«s*, o> tb s I apiece L W id e , 

^ 
E li P ls o ta do** d e L r e ', o l b o m C t p 's c t o n d N e w t 

■ 
□ 
I a m ol* s o d , o c a b e t " b s ' to m s I . p i s t e p l e a t s o d d tb s N e w t M ',n d o , N i d o , t© r n , c u b it " p ito n 

^ 
□ 
I a m ail s o d , a tu b ic " b s - to tb s N e w t. p l e a t s o d d m s I . p a s i i M o n d o , I " d o , to rn , t a b u " p i.o n 

|§ § > S P EC IA L! ■<Ch ei$> S P EC IA L! 

JERGENS 
LOTION 
IS OZ. BTL. W5oZ. FREE 
$M45 

BTL. 

AIM 
TOOTHPASTE 
72c 

MFGRS. 15c 
OFF LABEL 

6.4 OZ. TUBE 

JENO’S 
PIZZA 
ASST. VARIETIES. FROZER 

1o-IN. 
SIZE 

DELICIOUS 
Orange Plus 

FROZEN 
12-OZ. 
SIZE . . 

H.E.B. BREAD a. QoO 

L B .LOAF. . . 

 cottage Cheese 
ROYAL MAID 
LAROE AND 
SMALL CURO 

24-OZ. CFN...79® 

HALF A HALF 
ROYAL 
— 
* 
MAID f t 

PINT 
------------------- 
CARTON.. . . 

» l i m 
39 

PRICES GOOD MONDAY. 
THRU SATURDAY. 
MARCH 14*19. IN 
San Antonio & universal City 

FARRAY 
MARGARINE 
3 9 - 
LB. 
OTRS. 

OPEN TILL 
MIDNIGHT 
MONDAY THRU SATURDAY 
• 99oo WURZDACH 
• 6921 HANDERA RD. 
• 1499 HILLCREST 

TIDE 
DETERGENT 
1oc OFF LABEL 49-OZ. BOX 
$Mo9 

L IM IT-!. ADDIS 
REG. PRICE . . . . 

WE FILL 
PRESCRIPTS 
AT THESE LOCATIONS: 
• 4821 BROADWAY. 16o2 BABCOCK. 
3oo2 GOLIAD. 4475 WALZEM 
ROAD. 8o3 S.W. MILITARY. 
AND 1o15 S.W. W. WHITE RO. 

PHARMACIES CLOSED SUNDAYS. 

Poge 
7-A 

PORK 
ROAST 
PICNIC CUT 

< 
LB. 

 r a k 1 
* a 
. . ^ 
Monday March 14 1977 

CENTER CUT, 7-BONE 
CHUCK 
STEAK 
STEAKHOUSE BEEF 
GROUND 

COMPARE QUALITY 

CORKED 

KNEIP'S 

GREAT FOR 
ST. PATRICK'S 
DAY 
POUND 

Texas Ruby Red 
Grapefruit 

5 
POUND 
BAG.. 

FANCY GOLDEN 
Delicious 
APPLES 
WASHINGTON 

* 

SAN ANTONIO EXPRESS— Monday March 14 1977 
Chorus shows its class 

By JAMES CONELY 
Tho San Antonio Sym­ phony 
Mastorsi tigers proved again Friday evening they are the 

 most professional volun­ teer singers in this part of the country. 
Of course, they have a lot going for them, not 

 when o n ly jL the very best will do 

FEATURED EVERY SUN.-MON.-TUES. 

A l e a 
. m 
E V E N IN G 
SA J R fjL F tro u t am andine 

M H H A 
RESTAURANT & BAR 

512/826-2371 
1o39 N.E. LOOP 41o 
BANQUET and 
PARTY FACUITIES 
16 - 16o 

RED SNAPPER 
IMPERIAL 
• 
RIB EYE 

FILET 

MARGARITAS 
$1.oo 

ALL ENTREES 
INCLUDE; SALAD, 
BAKED POTATO 
OR HERB RICE 

LUNCH 11,3o A M. 
DINNER 5,oo P M 

Review 

 the least of which is 
Roger Melone, their de­ manding conductor, and 
Ruth Fried berg, their accomplished piano accompanist. 
In a concert at the UT 
Health Science Center, the chorus performed a program ranging from 
17th-Century Monteverdi to 2oth-Century Benja­ min Britten. 
It was balanced on the 
German side with four of tin' concert’s six sections devoted to music of 
Schumann, 
Brahms, 
Haydn, and Wolf 
This weighed a trifle heavy after intermission, but one could argue that it was welcome because 

 these songs are both dif­ ficult and for the most part secular. Audiences rarely have an opportunity to hear them. 
Out of tune 
The only technical problem was in the un­ accompanied Wolf “ Six 
Sacred Songs,” which have so much chromati­ cism that internal phrases were not always precisely in tune. Other­ wise, the technical precision with which the chorus sang was impec­ cable. 
It is refreshing, for ex­ ample, not only to hear the final consonant on each word but to hear just one from the entire group. 
The outstanding fea­ 

 ture of the program was 
Monteverdi's “ Magnifi­ cat.” 
The chorus divided into ensembles located on six sides of the hall, thus completely surrounding the audience. 

Although they were wi­ dely separated, the singers blended well and were in perfect tune with 
('ach other. George Gre­ gory provided organ ac­ companiment and Phi- lene Ware played gamba. 
The result was a brighter, fuller sourid than when the chorus was grouped together in front. 
To say that the “ Mag­ nificat” was thrilling is simply an understate­ ment. 
BARBARA DUNBAR directs Steven Cordova, left, playing Frihol, 
M agic, and Stew art Scott as Jack 

M ake 

4417 (AUSCHAN 
434-6611 
7477 $ W Mllltm 
674-1371 

- 
Perrin 
• 
Twin 
417o NACO CUMIN 
656 3454 

Where anything can happen and usually does! 
7:1o-9:o5 (PG) 
, 
* UNIVERSAL PICT UR 
! \ J 
TECHNICOLOR 

Open Doily ll AM 

227-5281 
ST M ARY S 
AT 
COM MERCE 

AZTKC3 
$1.25 Till 2:oo P.M. 
‘LOGAN’S RUM" 
1:2o-5:3o-9:4o 
“ BR EARHEART 
PASS” 
I W35 3:45-7:55 

 mf PARKING 
WEEKDAYS FROM 
5 3o ACROSS ST. 
ALAMO RANK 
GARAGE 
AU OAT 
SAT /SUN 

AZTEC3 
$1.25 TIU 2:oo P M. 
“ JO E 
PA N TH ER** 
11:o5-1:15-3:25 
5:35-7:45-1o:oo (G) 

» n ic .3 

 nw r 
11:oo 2:15-5:3o-o:45 (R) 

DUSTIN H O FFM A N 
“ MARATHON 
MAN** 
7:15-9:oo (R) 

OPEN 
J 
_ _ l« 4 4 M4 5 -1 4 }-MS 
\ 
THEY PUT THE BAU 
IN BASEBALL. 

J “ THE 
I i LONG 
BINGO 

 i TRAVELING AU STARS A i 

S, 
MW 
“ 
'NGS> o>j 
o 
IMS-liM-MJ-ftiM-MS-ftiM 
P 
1 t 
NEW LAUREL 
231o SAN PEDRO • 736-4551 
Exclusive! 

12:4o-3:oo1 
5:2o-7:4o 
1o:oo P i. 

R o c s o r 

★ ★ ★ ★ 
I 

 m rn rn n 
(Hiqhe^Rating jffk 

ACADEMY 
{ f t 
AWARD 
A 
NOMINATIONS P 
BEST PICTURE 

B E S T A C T O R 
B E S T A C T R E S S 
* 

S H W S T M S U K O W 
TAUA SHIM 

 lf 

J 
AN EPIC FANTASY 
I IN PIACi AND MAGIC. 
o 
o rn WONOEROUS 

o 
COLOR 
(RO) 

{“ W IZA R D S 

 f Sn o o t? naul 
o GOUHM AGI am 

o 
14M SA-EJMtM (R) 

NO MOTION PICTURE HAS 

o 
SPREAD THIS MUCH FEAR 
J 
o 
o 
oV 
o 
o 
o 
o 
o 
o 
o 

A ctin g called help to youngsters 

“ I’m not here to build actors. I’m here to build people.” 
Barbara Dunbar, dir­ ector of the Children’s 
Theater of San Antonio, 

 feels theater training for youngsters can help them grow as individuals. 
“ It gives them disci­ pline, a sense of respon­ sibility, caring, a better 

CHICK IN FOR A 
NIGHT OF FUNI 
RITZ” 

L E T 'S G O FISHING 

The Drum Run Is On In Corpus Christi 

CART. CLARK & S A llY -D BOATS 

Three Deportures Doily: 7:3o o.m., 2:oo p.m., 8:oo p.m. 

Bait Furnished 
A dults - $ 6 .o o 
Tackle A va ila b le 
Child - $ 3 .o o 

Best Catches for Drum ore Afternoon and Night Trips. 
Bootv located Downtown Corpus Christi on Peoples Street I-Head 

8 8 4 - 4 3 6 9 

Q gN EW A L C IN EM A T H g A T Ftls 

]_NORTHSTAR EVERY DAY ' n i iraO PM ^-SVSO 

 self - image and com­ munication skills,” she ex pa lined. 
“ And it’s the only place 
I know of where a 
7-year-old and a 
17-year-old can work in the same production with the same goals and un­ derstand each other.” 
Better grades 
Participating children have improved their grades, lost unneeded weight and even stopped taking drugs because of thmr improved self- image resulting from theater. 
The group is present­ ing “ Jack and the Bean­ stalk” at San Pedro 
Playhouse March 16-2o at 
IO a m. and 2 p.m. 
Admission is $1. For 

It gives them discipline, a sense o f responsibility, caring, a bet- lf-ii ills'* ter lion self-image and com rn un tea- i sh ii 

1 4 *4 : lft-Stt*-7:l*.*>4ft 

A »oV*S JOURNEY TO 
MANHOOD. 
(O) 
“JOE 

 groups of 2o or more. ad­ mission is 5o cents. Re­ servations for the 
45-minute play may be made at 732-81o1 or 
732-81o2. 
Affiliated with Theater 
San Antonio, the com­ pany presents “ plays by children for children." 
Miss Dunbar initiated the program when she came to San Antonio two years ago. She was pre­ viously assistant director nine years at the Palo 
Alto Children's Theater, the oldest in the country. 
“ If interest in theater is going to grow, you have to stir up interest when people are young,” she asserted. 

{PANTHER” ! 

“ CASSANDRA 
CROSSING” 

 t«MoM:M7iaMi4A 
A ROY S JOURNEY TO 
MANHOOD 

I 
I 
I 
I o o 
99o 

 ymmmmmmmj 
I 
HARTY HOUR 
\ 
TIU 1:9o—$1.25 J 
.mmmmmmmvr 
■(TURN” ) OB-VOO-V B# 
P 
"GANO" I.IS-MI (ROH 
o 
RICHARD HARRIS 
o 
o 
IN l “ DCTIIDkl 
OfAMAN ll o j 
MC I U R ne ALLIO HORM 
‘ 

o UB 
o MAB VIN 
L “$HKB£ANG 

17)A7 4S-iAA MSVIo 

— RIUS — 

(O) 
“ JOE 
‘PANTHER” ! STREAK” » 

o 
THI MOST HILARIOUS SUSPENSE 
J 
RKH OF YOUR UFI 
“ SILVER 
! 

I C D 
A y A l U 
N 
I i r C 
I l i m i t s 
Bargain Maline* daily for theatr* capacity for first performance only at starred (Dr) theatres. 

NOBTHW 6 
8 T m 9 et leap !>♦ bH HIb»bb !.,» 
B I X 
Ut AIM 

“ JO C PA N TH ER** 
1 oo-3:1o 5:2o-7:3o-9 4o (PG) 

M ILLIO N” 
TERENCE MU 
11:5o-1:5o-3:5o-5.5^7:5o-9:5o (PG) 

“ TH REE FA N T A STIC 
SU PER M EN ** (G) 
12:oo-2:oo-4:oo-6:oo-o:oo-1o:oo 

“ C O U SIN C O U S IN S ” 
MAIM CNtKTMilARRAUlT 
VKIOR LANOUE 
11 5o-1 5o-3 5o-5 5o-7 5o 9 5o (I) 
3 ACADEMY AWARD NOMINATIONS 

WAIT DISNEY J 
“ F R E A K Y F R ID A Y " 
12 OO 2 oo-4 oo-6 oo4 oo 1o:oo 

“ TH E P IN K PA N T H ER 
S T R IK E S A G A IN ** 
PITER SILLERS 

^ 
W O O D L A W N I & ll ml xii 
IHI lOUIFOF GIRLS IN 3-D 

J 

Ct NT URY SOUTH 8 i» K I, unity f|<4||i 

“ M R . K IL L IO N ** 
TIRINO HIU 
12:oo 2:oo-4 oo-6:oo4:oo 1o:oo 

“ TH REE FA N T A ST IC 
SU PER M EN ** 
11:5o-1:5o-3:5o-5:5o-7:5o-9:5o 

“ N E T W O R K " 
(AYEN DUNAWAY * PETER FINCH 
12 oo-2 3o-5 oo-7:3o-1 O OO ER) 
IO ACADEMY AWARD NOMINATIONS 

WALT D ISN iY'S 

“ F R E A K Y F R ID A Y " 
12:1o-2:1o-4:1o-6.1o-1:1o-1o:1o 
NO BAR. MAT. 

“ THE C H ILD ’* (R ) 
12:oo-2:oo4:oo-6:oo4 oo 1o:oo 

“ THE P IN K PA N T H ER 
ST R IK E S A G A IN " (PG) 
12.oo2:oo4:oo4 oo4:oo IO oo 

C O L O N IE S N O R T H rn It ti tut »♦* HH 

“ M A R A T H O N 
M A N ” 
DUSTIN HOFFMAN 
TOOAV 5:4o1o:oo (I) 
PLUS 
“ T H R E E D A T S O F 
T H E C O N D O R ” 
ROBERT REDFORD * FAYE DUNAWAY 
TooAY 7 5o (ft) 

T E X A S 
Itll tail. 
Ill IIM 

“ T H REE FA N T A ST IC 
S U P E R M E N *7 
TODAY! 1:33-4>45 (G) 
“ G O D Z IL L A V S . 
M E G A L O N " 
TODAY- 12:oo-3:1o 

UNIVERSAL. 
• JI IM. Im! Itttm 

“ M R . K IL L IO N " (PG) 
TI RUNCI Nm o:o5 1o:oo 

“ TH REE FA N T A ST IC 
S U P E R M E N " 
TODAY 6:o54:oo-1o:oo (G) 

REGISTRATIONS ARE STILL OPEN FOR ST. MARY S UNIVERSITY 
CONTINUING EDUCATION COURSES - PHONE 346-3321 

STARTING DATES AND TITLES OF COURSES 

M ar. 14 — P h oto grap h y — W o rk in g W o m an 
M ar. I 5 — Drafting — Russian 
M ar. 16 — A rt — Persian — W o o d ca rv in g 
M ar. 22 — Fam ily Finance — H ealth — House Plants 

M ar. 17 — Religious Issues 
M ar. 23 — -■ Investm ents 
M ar. 26 — C o lle g e Prep 

M a r. 21 — Em otions 
M a r. 24 — O p e ra 
M a r. I 8 — Substance A buse 

REGISTER BY PHONE 436-3321 from 8 a.m. to 8 p.m. 

WRITE for a free brochure: St. Mary % University Continuing Education 
Deportment — One Camino Santo Maria — San Antonio, TX 78284. 

ILiiiJU 
‘WP’KRnRFWKPWPWi 
SAliU 
11:5o 1 15-2 454 1o-5 4o 
7 1o4 3o-1o o5 (X 

•TI‘ .a. ti 4.f Be rn JI ll 

“ THE A W A K E N IN G 
O F A N N IS " 
12;3o4:5S-9:2o (X) 

“ 1 4 TEEN A N D 
U N D E R " 

“ S IP THE W IN E " 
3:15-7:4o (X) 
, 

JDbEPHINE lit W l««W tMHtt 

“ SEC O N D C O M IN G 
O F E V A " 
I ):4$-l:35-S:]54:1| (X) 
PIUS 
( 

“ C A ST IN G 
BB 

11o4oo4 5o 
+*J£L 
★ ★★★ ENTERTAINMENT UNDER THE STARS ★★★★ 

S A N RP ORO 
^ 
I (VU .MU* UH I WM im Mm. *< it 
•*« MI* 
“ M R . K IL L IO N ” 
TtRRiMCf MHI 7.3o-11.oo (PG) 
“ A U X A THE G Y P S Y " 
JACK LEMMO* V 2o It 

“ TH R EE FA N T A ST IC 
S U P E R M E N " 
7:34 1o 45 (GI 
•'GODZ1UA* MIGAJON’ftn ai 

“ M IS T Y K E iT H O V B N " 

4ft 

7.34ll:JO (I) 
“ E X P O S E M E , 
L O V E L Y " 
915(11 
S O M E T IM E S W E E T 
S U S A N 
IO it (I) 

 rvoBStorg 
' HW OH I (OM in*(II* 
IIM (MMM* til im 

“ m a o iu jo n 
HMIMCI HUI / JOTi OO 1*o1 

PIUS 

ALEX ABIO TNI O TPfV" 
MCK I MAMON v JO (I) 

T H R E E FA N T A ST IC 
S U P E R M E N ’7 
7 JO IO 45 IG) 
(| OD ZU LA ti MtGAlON 
« IS (61 

T O W N TW IN 
MIMM mum 
«u,|l ti) 
MI (Ut 

"H IN MOUM" 7:3o (I) 
‘OLD DA AC ULA’’ 9:2o ll) 
“ TNI 14oINO Of H IU 
MOUM" IO 45 (I) 

“ PORT MOWN** 7:JO (I) 
‘•NIDAY POSTED'1 9 2o (I) 
“ c o m ” io:5o ti) 

VARSITY 
MIMM 'MCN 
IMI (UU.. 
'MMU 

I Elf MCI HIU 7:3o-11:oo (PG) 
“ ALSJI A TNI OVPSY” 
JACK a MMP* 9:2o (I) 

/ 
5S7 T T 7 M ." rn 
MIMM Hum 
I 
Ut« Mu I., ti ti* Mil 
MMM AT" 
‘UUU I OH Hi ti IJH I Mild (BB) 
••Octal LOftBIMH 
'OWN W H TNB 1o.oo (» 
J 
M A TMI IQ M O O ) 

"If REO RO 
OVIMM •HU Hi 
><U W to Uwu «•* 
IM 'WI 
V 
I * A 
_ * ft Mil 
M IU H O U lt 
Ift4ft (Ii 

------ Tr a TT------ owisoes *«•» 
BPFH ti# Atte 

“ PUN M O U M ” 7 JO (I) 
‘ Oft-O OS AC U LA “ 9 2o (PG 
“ TNP IR O 'H D O f H IU 
HOU SS** I M i (I) 

I A C K L A N D 
De IMUS f <N*itl 
YI* AL*' 
‘CHKM MT ex, MST I rn III 
’ O il IU ll (ft (ft) 
•OMBI OB LOVI' 

NOVT OFFERING COUNTRY-WESTERN 
15 DANCE LESSONS FOR $5°° 
IT IRED OF THE SAM E DULL ROUTINE? 

DON’T SPEND ANOTHER EVENING ALONE! 

Come Meet And Dance With 
Some Of S.A.’s Nicest People 
Who Attend 
Our 
Fun-Filled 
Dance Parties Every 
Week! 
Learn The Latest Dance Steps 
In Ballroom, Nitedub Dancing, 
Disco, and Country Western! 
FRED ASTAIRE DANCE STUDIO 

FINAL WEEK! 

3 9 4 7 F r o d c r U k s b u r g R U . 

L im ite d T o N o w S t u d o n fi 
7 3 6 - 1 8 8 1 

She does not find working with young un­ trained actors as difficult as one might imagine. 
“ What they lack in training they make up for in enthusiasm.” she ex­ plained. “ The hardest thing is that their atten­ tion span is not as long.” 
When she changes an adult’s moves after se­ veral rehearsals, he or she usually finds it harder to adapt than a child does, according to 
Miss Dunbar. 
“ A child's imagination helps, too. They think of their own things to do." she pointed out. 
Auditions 
Rather than a perman­ ent company, players are auditioned for each pro­ duction to allow as many children as possible to participate. 
Many of the children assist in stage manage­ ment, building sets and making costumes. Gifted high school students who desire may direct and write plays. 
The Children’s Theater also sponsors 1o-week acting classes on Satur­ days. 
Books workshop offered 

Classes on how books are made are to be of­ fered by the Southwest 
( raft t enter. 
The center is enrolling students in a two-session workshop in book pre­ paration and production to be conducted by ar- tist-calligraphcr Kitty 
Maguire Friday and Sa­ turday. 
Focusing on illustrat­ ing. lettering and binding one hard-bound book, the course also will explore content, design and paper. 
Workshops are set for 
H IK) to 9:3o p.m. Friday and ll a.rn. to 4 p.in. 
Saturday at the center’s 
Old Ursuiine Academy campus, 3oo Augusta St. 
For registration and more information, cull the ( raft Center regis­ trar at 224-1848. 
Concert set for Tuesday 

The music depart­ ments of St. Mary’s Uni­ versity and Central Cath-. otic High School will present a concert al 8 p.m. Tuesday in the 
Theater for the Per­ forming Arts, 
The concert is one of a series of events planned during the year lo commemorate tin* 125th anniversary in Texas the 
Society of Mary, the 
Catholic religous order that operates St Mary’s and Central Catholic 
Admission to the concert is 12.5o. 

I 7 TH A N N U A L 
Gem and 
M ineral Show 
VILtlTA ASSEMBLY HALL 
4o1 VILLITA SI SEN AMIoMIo. TIMAS 
M ARCH 
18, 19, 2o. 1977 

MISS FIESTA 

PRESENTATION 
Municipal Auditorium 

Thunday, March 17th, 

7:3o p.m. 

 lichen $4— Maw a1 

Jotki i Store*, 319 MejevtK 
IM? J on# et MunKipal 
Auditorium im tho day of the chow 

 f 
Pension fund control yielded by Teamsters 

WASHINGTON (AP) - Top T eam ­ sters officials have agreed to give up control of the union’s scandal-scarred 
$14 billion C entral States Pension 
Fund, which has been a major source of union power for two decades. 
Teamsters President Frank E. Fitz­ simmons and three other key officials will resign as trustees by April 3o and turn over control to in d e p e n d e n t outside experts, the Labor Department announced Sunday. 
Others agreeing to resign along with 
Fitzsimmons are Teamsters vice P re ­ sident Roy L. Williams of Chicago, and two management trustees, A. G. Massa of Bridgeview, 111., and John F. Spick- erman Sr. of Orlando, Fla. 
Agreement 
The a g re e m e n t cam e a fte r the departm ent dem anded the re s ig n a ­ tions last month and threatened to take legal action following an 18-month federal investigation into charges of improper loans, kickbacks and possi­ ble ties to organized crime. 
Labor Secretary Ray Marshall said he was pleased by the action and added that “ it now appears possible that we can avoid litigation.’’ 
In a statem ent, Marshall said the changes will “ significantly reform the structure and procedures of the fund’’ and help protect the interests of the 
45o.-ooo trucking industry em ployes covered by the pension plan in 33 states. 
Despite the planned resignations, 
Fitzsimmons and the other trustees remain liable for past actions. 
Federal officials said the agreement doesn’t involve any w aiv er of the governm ent’s right to b rin g action against fo rm er tru s te e s th at the governm ent believes m ig h t have violated the 1974 pension reform law, the tax laws or the c rim in a l code. 
Several m a tte r s had e a r lie r been turned over to the Justice Department for possible criminal prosecution. 
Investigation 
The Labor Department said it will end only “ that portion of its investiga­ tion respecting asset m anagem ent.” 
Fitzsimmons declined to come to the telephone when a reporter called his suburban Maryland home. 
The others could not immediately be reached for comment. 
The four kept their posts last O c­ tober when ll of 15 men then serving as trustees resigned under government pressure, and the number of trustees was reduced to IO. 
Rep. J. J. Pickle, D-Tex., ranking majority member of the House Ways and Means oversight subcom m ittee, called the resignations “ very definitely a step in the right d ire c tio n .” But 
Pickle added, “ I personally will be interested in knowing who will be the new trustees and where is the control.” 
The subcommittee begins hearings 
Monday into the p ro g re s s of the government’s investigation, with Dan­ iel J. Shannon, adm inistrator of the 
Certral States fund, scheduled as the lead-off witness. 

Under the agreement, reached after several weeks of intense negotiations between the government and attorneys for the fund, the tru ste e s will im ­ mediately seek to hire independent professional investment m anagers, in­ cluding a mortgage banking firm and a bank of recognized national stature. 
They will have ‘‘resp o n sib ility for complete control of the fund’s p o rt­ folio,” the government said. 
This is to be done by April IO, but if all details are not worked out by that time, an interim com m ittee will be appointed consisting of two attorneys, one chosen by the fund and one by the 
Labor Department. 
The government said the fund also agreed to stric t in te rn a l a u d itin g procedures and to an in d e p e n d e n t review of all loans and re la te d financial transactions since Feb. I, 
1965. “ with a view to determining what remedial action, if any, m ust be taken by the fund.” 
Once that is carried out, the govern­ ment said the Internal Revenue Ser­ vice will restore the fund’s tax-exempt status, which was lifted last year 

SAN ANTONIO EXPRESS— Mondoy March 14 1977 
Po96 
-9 A 
Leftists win in 
French voting 

FRENCH C o m m u n ist p a rty le a d e r G e o rg e s M a rc h a is votes in Paris suburb of C h am p ign y 
ASSOCIATED PRESS 
H ostage call Too far’ 

C O M P O E D FR O M WIRE SERVICES 
DALLAS — A Dallas psychiatrist says President Carter’s concent to talk with a man who held a hostage at gunpoint in Ohio last week might have gone too far. 
Carter said at the time that he could be setting a dangerous precedent and 
Dr. David Hubbard agrees. 
Hubbard is a consultant for several nations and businesses on the subject of terrorism. He said it is literally true that Americans see their president as a father figure. He also said that news media coverage — particularly on television — of terrorism stories needs to be revamped. 
P olan sk i I acus arraignm ent 

LOS ANGELES — Film director 
Roman Polanski, whose movies have been marked by the violent and m a­ cabre. will be arraigned Friday on a charge of raping a 13-year-old girl, a 
Los Angeles police spokesman says. 
Polanski, 43, was arrested in Beverly 
Hills one day after the alleged rape. He was released on $2,5oo bail. Polanski’s wife, Sharon Tate, and four other persons were m urdered in 1969 by members of the Charles Manson cult. 
M oney crisis in Kiissia 

WASHINGTON - The Soviet Union has fallen so deeply into debt to Wes­ tern banks that the banks now are restricting further loans to Moscow and may charge especially high inter- 

NATIONAL 
DIGEST 

 est on those they do make, a CIA study shows. 
The Soviet bloc's total debt in Wes­ tern c u r r e n c ie s is e s tim a te d at between $27 billion and $44 billion and grow ing ra p id ly as c o n tra c ts for equipment sales on credit are carried out. 
M ovie reo p en s under secu rity 
NEW YORK — Security remained tight but rain cut attendance Sunday at the New York City th e a te r w here 
“ Mohammad, Messenger of God” ran 
R etirees m eeting 

DALLAS (AP) - More than 1,5oo retired persons were expected in Dallas 
Monday for a conference aimed at eliminating all forms of age discrimina­ tion in the nation. 
D elegates w ere from the 
A m erican 
A ssociation of R etired 
Persons and the National 
R etired T e a c h e rs A s­ sociation. 

 for a second day since Hanafi Moslem gunmen surrendered in Washington. 
Moviegoers were searched as they e n te re d the th e a te r , city police watched the streets and private guards were stationed inside. 

N urse saitl to have co n fessed 
D ETRO IT — A fo rm e r n u rsin g supervisor who killed herself after suffering a mental breakdown claimed responsibility for the 1975 m urders at the Ann Arbor Veterans Administra­ tion hospital , The Detroit Free Press reports. 
A psychiatrist who interviewed Betty 
Jakim , 51, last August said her state­ ments amounted to a confession to the deaths. Two Filipino nurses have been charged with m urder in two of the ll hospital deaths. 

PARIS 
(A P) 
- 
A 
Socialist-Communist al­ liance won im p re ssiv e victories in national municipal elections Sun­ day. with incomplete re­ turns indicating leftists would control a majority of France’s major cities. 
In France’s 221 cities with m ore than 3o,ooo population, the left had roughly 51.5 per cent of the popular vote to 46.5 per cent for the middle­ oftheroad parties. 
At stake were 45o,ooo city council positions in 
36,575 m u n ic ip a litie s. 
When the vote count end­ ed for the night, 65,-ooo had been elected . 
A second round of voting will be held next Sunday, when runoff electio will be decided. 
The re s u lts w ere clouded by the highest abstention ra te since 
World War II. About 3o per cent of 3o.3 million registered voters stayed home on a day that was rainy throughout much of the country. 
The new left-wing a l­ liance, running on a joint slate for the first time, wrested control of 29 ci­ ties with m ore than 
3o,ooo population from p a rtie s b ack in g P r e ­ sident V alery G iscard d’Estaing. 
It was the most clear­ cut leftist victory since 
1946-47 when C om m un­ ists were in the national governm ent. The show ­ ing boosts the le ftists’ hopes for next y e a r ’s parliamentary elections, which polls in dicate could bring the Socialists and C om m un ists into control of the national government. 
Leftist p a rtie s won about 53 per cent of the popular vote in regional elections last year, but their political character was not well-defined and did not present a clear 

 right-left confrontation. 
Only in Paris did the leftist perform ance fall behind expectations. P a­ ris voters chose a 
1o9-member council that will select the city’s first m ayor in 
1o6 y e a rs. 
Previously the city was a d m in is te re d by a p ­ pointees 'of. tho cen tral government. 

Ja c q u e s 
C hirac, a form er p rem ier who is the Gaullist candidate for mayor, finished ahead of 
M ichel d ’O rnano, the hand-picked candidate of 
President G iscard d ’E ­ staing. 
A runoff will be held next Sunday to decide the 
Paris contest, where an ecology party slate polled about IO per cent of the votes and could be deci­ sive in tipping the race to 
Chirac supporters or the left. 
Chirac claimed to have saved the majority coali­ tion from the leftist ons­ laught, saying , “ T his happened because of the energy of our campaign. 
The le ft’s gains cam e because of a weakness, a 

 softness 
Majority.” in the 

He called the election 
“ an im p ortan t victory that prepares conditions favorable to the coming legislative elections." 

Communist party chief 
Georges M archais, said the results “ dem onstrat­ ed the deep discontent existing in the country about the disastrous eco­ nomic and social policies of Giscard d ’Estaing.” 
N om inees face vote 

EXPRES^NEW S CAPITOL MIREAU 
AUSTIN - The Senate s u b c o m m itte e on n o m in a tio n s will c o n sid e r T u e sd a y th e re-appointment of three 
San A nto nian s to th e 
Texas Advisory Commis­ sion on Intergovernmen­ tal Affairs. 
The 9 a.m . m ee tin g will consider Gov. Dolph 
Briscoe’s nominations of 
San Antonio Mayor Lila 
Cockrell, P led ger Cate 
Jr. and Fred N. Pfeiffer. 

LETS GO TO THE FAIR 

GOLIAD, TEXAS — MARCH 19 
Lv. — 8:oo A .M .— 
Ret. 5:3o P.M . 

Visit County Fair, LaBahia Mission, Court House and 

Hanging Tree. See public auction and parade. 

Price $ I 5.oo 

Horse Racing I P.M. Not Included 
Phone: 227-3241 for reservations. 
BIG BEND NATIONAL PARK TOUR — JUNE 9-12 

Make reservations now— LIMITED. 
SCENIC TOURS OF TEJAS INC. 

S<> 
Va r e v isit b s 
And Save S144.oo 

At the International Spa and Fitness Center we hove over nine years of qualified, professional experience in helping thousands of men and women attain better health. 

Our Spa, located at 8757 Wurzbach Road, will soon open with over $1 million ui professional exercise equipment. This equipment will be the most modern of its type. We have just purchased on an exclusive basis, the unique 
Sports Trainer1* fifteen exercise muscle build­ ing machine with progressive variable resistance 
All our equipment is designed to help you our professionally trained counselors to better health and a better shape, 

Large heated swimming pool 

 lo in In tern atio n al Spa ritn en s C enter Now and Save! 
You can save $144 oo on our get acquainted introductory oHer Join now and take advantage nil of over a million dollars worth of facilities most modern in San Antonio the 

And, More Features Like 
Finnish Sauna • Nutritional Center • Turkish steam room • Figure contour salon • Sun Ray booth for year round tanning 

Win a 1977 Dune Buggy! 
During our g et-acquainted offer, you have a chance to win a 1977 Dune Buggy, or a Color TV and 2 —1o Speed Bicycles. 

($/f& INTERNATIONAL 
W 
SPA FITNESS CENTERS 

“Have a minute for a drink?1* 
Why your answer should he no. 

Some thoughts on drinking Walker's De Luxe Bourbon. 

There are some things in life that take time to enjoy fully. A fine bourbon like Walker s De Luxe Bourbon is one of them. 
A few minutes—-even five minutes—is not enough. 
One half hour 
In fact we hope a responsible person will take at least one half hour to enjoy a Walker s De Luxe. 
That s the average time necessary to pour, sip and savor. 
Naturally all liquor should be treated the same responsible way. 
Eight year aging. 
But Walker s De Luxe is special. It should be sipped slowly for a good reason. We take eight long years lo age it. Eight years. 
That aging gives Walker s 
De Luxe a mellow smoothness that s hard to find. We feel it is sheer folly to gulp it down in less than one half hour. You'll miss the flavor completely. 
Perhaps you ll drink a little less Walker s De Luxe Bourbon in the process. We know that. 
But we're confident that if you treat it thoughtfully, it will give you pleasure that ranks with the other good things in life. 

M s** walkers 

8757 WURZBACH RD./699-3o3o 

WALKERS n r I HYF ROI lDROV 
U t L U A U D U U I v d U I \ 

AGED S| J YEARS 

HIRAM WALKER § SONS MC, Pi ORIA. 11 • STRAIGHT BOURBON WHISKEY • IMO PROOF mm 

SAN ANTONIO EXPRESS— Monday March 14 1977 
Recurring cancer is detectable 

Dear Dr. Thosteson: About ten months ago I vvas operated on for obstruction of the colon, which was found to be malignant. I wore a colostomy bag for three weeks. A second operation removed the diseased section of the colon. I no longer need the colostomy bag. 
Tho surgeon told me there is no further spread. 
With health and strength back, all the tests are clear. What in your opinion are my chances for recurrence? I am 69 and holding. — GT).Ii. 
I threw away my crystal ball years ago — 
— a couple of days after leaving medical school. in fact. 
Modern medicine is providing more and more reliable alternatives to tea leaves. 
In fact, a substance was recently found in the blood of cancer pa­ tients. It is called CEA 
(carcinoembryonic anti­ gen). It is present in the internal membranes of the normal fetus and tends to disappear in the third month of develop­ ment. C E A ’s value in adults with cancer is that it causes a certain telltale reaction in blood tests. The degree of reac­ tion can determine if cancer has recurred or spread. 
This test is particularly useful on an individual basis after surgery for cancer of the colon. Although it will not tell the type of malignancy or its location, it is a means of answering your central question. It is not recommended as routine screening test to determine if cancer is present. In your case it would be better than guessing about things. 
Entitled to know 
Your physician is undoubtedly aware of the test, and in fact may well have conducted it. In any event he has had the opportunity of seeing your innards, and has announced there is no indication of recur­ rence or spread. There are still a good many people who would rather avoid knowing about such things as you ask. But doctors are learning that there are many like yourself who want to know everything and are entitled to know . 
Dear Dr. Thosteson: Thanks for your frank article on arthritis, in which you say there is “ no cure.” 
However, wouldn’t it bo better to say there is no cure 
“ yet,” since much research continues into possible cures? — HH. 
There is likely a cure for every ailment under the sun. Some of them we haven't found yet. So I agree with your language. The “ yet” is always implied. 

Never lake a chance on diabetes! For a better understanding of this desease, write to Dr. Thosteson in care of this newspaper, for a copy of his booklet, ' Diabetes — The Sneaky Disease." Enclose a long, self-addressed, stamped envelope and 35 cents. 

Your 
Health 
By George €. 
Thosteson, M.D. 

The Aces 
On Bridge 
Bv IRA <;. CORN JR. 

Subtlety is the art of saying what you think and getting out of'range before it is un­ derstood." — Ted Strauss. 
There was nothing subtle about North s response after today’s declarer bemoaned his fuck in the loss of his vulnerable slam 
“ Three things had to be wrong for me to go down,” complained 
South. “Hardly anything had to be right for you to make it” , countered North. And he stayed right in his seat until he was firmly understood. 
After the jump raise. South suggested slam by cue bid­ ding Clute and North cooper­ ated by cue bidding hearts. 
After that. South lost little time in reaching the small slam. 
The heart jack was won in dummy, trumps were drawn and two more high hearts 

3 14 A 

WEST 
4 8 4 2 
? J 1o 9 6 
♦ Q7 4 
♦ K 5 2 

 were played. The 3 3 heart split aid not materialize so declarer led a low diamond to his ace and ruffed his last heart in dummy. Now the club finesse was taken and 
West won the king and exited with a club to declarer's ace. 
Now the only chance lay with the diamond suit so declarer crossed to dummy with the last spade and took the per­ centage diamond finesse. 
This also lost, the slam was down and declarer started talking about his luck. 
It is true that declarer cer- ta in iy could have been luckier, but North was right in his analysis. To make the hand declarer had to refuse ai) finesses and to merely take advantage of what ap- 
E eared to he a bad heart reak Here’s how North ex­ plained it. 
"Win the heart ace and draw trumps Cash the high hearts and when West turned up with four, you should have rejoiced instead of mutter­ ing The slam was now a cinch 

NORTH 
4 K J 7 5 J 
▼ A K Q 
♦ J IO 3 
♦ 74 
EAST 
4 6 
¥ 32 
4 9865 
♦ J IO 9 8 6 3 
SOUTH 
4 A Q IO 9 
J 
8 7 5 4 
A K 2 
♦ aq 

Vulnerable: Both, Dealer- 
North, The bidding 

South 
West 
North 
East 
IS 
Pass 
3S 
Pass 
44 
Pass 
49 
Pass 
4 NT 
Pass 
Sa 
Pass aa 
Pass 
Pass 
Pass 

Opening lead: Ja c k of hearts 

"Lead a low diamond to the ace and lead the fourth heart 
But instead of ruffing, dis­ card a club from dummy, and graciously invite West to lead Whatever he leads will give you a free finesse and then you wouldn’t have to wo­ rry about your luck." 

Bid With Com 
South holds 

4 8 f 32 
4 9 8 6 5 
♦ J 1o 9 66 3 

3 14 a 

North 
INT 
Soul ll 

 qrr- 

(Express 
PICK 

' "" 
I '• YMiT*ifi'i‘V ‘?iiV iMSV ■ »«'slr'nViV iVeMM 
MM 

 p.m.: THE FEATHER AND FATHER G A N G : A suspected murderer leads J lawyer Feather Danton and father Harry to track down a crooked land developer, but the con almost lands them in deep trouble with the U.S. Army. 
John Cypher, John Larch, Tisha Sterling and John Durren guest star. (Ch. I 2) . 

I, .11.1 I l.l I I l.l.l U.l '.'II.V '*' 

Answer: Two clubs, lf North responds to Stavman in a maine bid three Clute as a signal! lf 
North responds two diamonds, 
(kiss with the knowledge that this spot surely must be bn ter than one no trump. 

8 a m. (Ch. 5) - CAPTAIN 
KANGAROO 
- 
Gwen 
Verdon helps the Captain find homes for unwanted kittens, but a mistake in the newspaper brings kittens, kittens, and many more. She also reads the story “ Ask Mr. 
Bear.” 

9 (Ch. 12) - THE MIKE 
DOUGLAS SHOW - Barry 
Manilow is co-host with guests Lady Flash, W il­ liam Shatner and B illy 
Crystal. 

3:3o p.m. (Ch. 12) - THE 
NEW MICKEY MOUSE 
CLUB • M ickey Mouse tries to teach Pluto how­ to point in the Mouse kar- toon, “ The Pointer.” The special feature is all about skateboarding -- from m aking a skate­ board to competing in national skateboard championships. 

4 (Ch. 
12) - EM ER­ 
GENCY! 
ONE 
“ D ealer’s W ild .” Par- emedics Gage and Deso­ to talk down a plane, pi­ loted by a 14-year-old, whose pilot-father has suffered a cardiac arrest. 
They ao rescue a man from a gasoline tanker crash and Gage wonders why he always loses at cards. (It) 

7 (Ch. 5) - IT S ARBOR 
DAY, CHARLIE BROWN 
- (R ) Charlie Brown is thinking about the open­ ing game of the baseball against Peppermint Pat­ ty’s team, and his friends are thinking of Arbor 
Day. The Peanuts’ con­ servation poject turns 
Charlie’s ball field into a garden plot. To mollify the team captain, they name the field “ Charlie 
Brown Field.” He’s flat­ tered, but doesn’t know it’s a jungle. 

7 (Ch. 9) - FISHING 
CLINIC * Mike Moore is host of a presentation on the how to’s and where to’s of the local fishing scene. Charlie Barefield will explain the history, trends and nomenclature of fishing tackle; Jesse 
Segovia w ill talk about salt water striper fishing; 
Ja c k ie Hewlett of the 
All-State Fishing Team will discuss black bass fishing; and members of the Parks and W ildlife 
Inland Fisheries Depart­ ment w ill describe the accessibility of local fishing spots. 

7 (Ch. 12) - THE CAP- 
TAIN Sc TENNILLE - 
Tonight’s guests are Don 
Knotts. 
Englebert 
Hum perdinck, 
Leo 
Sayer, Rich Little. Benny 
Youngman and the mothers of Toni and 
Daryl. 

7:3o (Ch. i) ■ BUSTING 
LOOSE - Lenny lands two hard-to-get tickets to a prestigious sportscas­ ters' dinner but can’t de­ cide on a special girl to take. 

8 (Ch. 4) - NBC MONDAY 
NIGHT AT THE MOVIES 
- “ Rafferty and the 
Highway H ustlers.’* A 
California driving test instructor, played by 
Alan Arkin, picks up two female hitchhikers. Sally 
Kellerm an and M ack­ enzie Phillips, and they produce a gun and order him to drive them to New 
Orleans. On the trip, a number of unexpected things happen, including 
Arkin’s escape and even­ tual reuniting with them. 

8 (Ch. 5) - MAUDE * The friendship of Walter and 
Arthur has hit a stone wall as Arthur gets a new friend and spends a lot of time with him. This leaves Walter hurt, angry and determined to make a new friend for himself. 

. M o n d a y T V 

K M o r r v 
O 
NSC 
KENS-TV 
o 
CBS 
KIRN-TV 
Q 
Ed 
KSAT-TV 
ABC 
KWEX-TV 
QI —)nd 

M W OO 
/ : 1 5 rn 3o m 
: 45 

(6:45) Adelante 
(7) Today 
(7:25) Hews 
(7:3o) Today 

CBS Morning News 
Hughes Rudd 
Bruce Morton 

Mister Rogers' 
Neighborhood 
Sesame Street 

Good Morning 
(7:25) NewsWatch 
Good Morning, 
Americo 

W k 
$ * \ 
MBpSL 
J 

Martha 
Gutierrez 
3 p.m ., 
Ch. 41 

 q :?? 
©:S 

Tom Brokaw 
(8:25) 4 Big Newt 
Today 

Captain 
Kangaroo 
Bob Keeshan 
Life Around Us 

David Hartman 
(8 25) NewsWofch 
Good Morning, 
Americo 

J A 
OO 
■ 1=13. 
7 :S 

Sanford and Son 
Redd Fok 
Hollywood Squares 
Peter Marshall 

Formbys 
Workshop 
Price is Right 
Bob Barker 

The Electric 
Compony 
Life Around Us 

The Mike 
Douglas Show 
Bony Manilow is co host 

1o1 

Wheel of Fortune 
Chuck Woolery 
Shoot for the Start 
Geoff Edwardt 

 is host 

 love of Life 
CBS News 

Corrasrolendos: 
Segmented 
Life Around Us 

All My 
Children 
Happy Days 
Ron Howard 

111 

Nome That Tune 
Tom Kennedy 
TV 4 Big Newt 
Frank Matthews 

The Young 
I The Restless 
Searrh For 
Tomorrow 

Inside-Out 
Safety Awareness life Around Us 

Second Chance 
Jim Peck 
Ryan s Hope 

Jacobo 
Zabludovsky 
1o:3o p.m., 
Ch. 41 

1 2 ! 

The Gong Show 
Chuck Burnt 
Dayt of Our 
Lives 

Eyewitness News 
Bob Koop 
As the 
World Turns 

 interm. Spanish letter People 
Life Around Us 

NewsWatch 
Quin Mathews family Feud 
Richard Dawson 

■ I 
OO 

I 
3o 
I 
RS 
The Doctors 
The Guiding 
Light 

The Electric 
Company 
Life Around Us 

52o,ooo Pymid 
Dick Clark 
One Life to Live 

OO 
2 ii; 

Another World 
All in The Family 
Carroll O'Connor 
Match Game '77 
Gene Rayburn 

Worlds of Nature letter People life Around Us 
General Hospital 
John Berodino 

 wfe OO 
Q : 1 S 
% 
3o 
:45 

My Three Sons 
Fred MocMurroy 
The lucy Show 
Lucille Boll 

Tattletales 
Bert Convy 
Bewitched 
E Montgomery 

Interm Spanish life Around Us 

Wordsmith 

The Edge of Night 
New Mickey 
Mouse Club 

En San Antonio 
Martho Gutierrer 

 rn . OO 
4s 

Guntmoke 
Jim Amess 
Amanda Bloke 
Milburn Stone 

The Brody Bunch 
Robert Reed 
Hogan s Heroes 
Bob Crone 

Sesame Street 
Emergency One 
Randolph Montooth 
Kevin Tighe 
Robert fuller 

Coco Drib 
Bertica Cornea 
Mondo de 
Juguete 

 gee oo 

3o 
9 o 45 

Gilligan's Island 
Bob Denver 
NSC Nightly 
News 

Eyewitness News 
Bob Koop 
CBS News 
Wolfer Cronkite 

The Electric 
Company 
Villa Alegre 

The Partridge 
Family 
ABC Evening News 
Reasoner/Walters 

El Hijo de 
Angela Maria 
Rolando Barrat 
Johona Rosaly rn 
OO 
6 i i ; 

TV 4 Big News 
Gene Lively 
Martha Buchanan 
Jim Dawson 

Eyewitness News 
Chris Morrou 
Hollywood Squares 
Peter Marshall 

MocNeil/ 
Lehrer Report 
This Week 
—Monday 

NewsWatch 
Don Colson 
The Eyes of Texas 

Reporter 41 
Gloria L. Rodorte 
Oscar Zamora 
Cuco Rodrigue; 

■ B f OO rn :15 
# 
3o 

 rn 
45 

The Mosoda 
Ifs Arbor Day, 
Charlie Brown 
Busting Loose 
Adam Arkin 

Fishing Clinic 
Mike Moore 
Charlie Barefield 
Jesse Segovia 

The Coptoin 
And Tennille 
Daryl Dragon 
Toni Tennille 

Barato de 
Primovero 
Jacqueline Andere 
Enrique lizalde 

O 
X 

o 
: S 

NSC Monday Night at the Movies 
"Rafferty and the 
Highway Hustlers ’ 

Maude 
Sea Arthur 
All s Fair 
Richard Crenno 

Jackie Hewlitt 
* 

Most Wanted 
Robert Stock 
Jo Ann Harris 
Shelly Novock 

Premiere 
' las Chivas 
Rayadat" 
Clavilbro 
O ”* 3o rn 45 

Alan Arkin 
Sally Kellerman 
Mackenzie Phillips 

The Andros 
Targets 
James Sutorius 
Pomelo Reed 

The Feather and father Gong 
Stefonie Powers 
Harold Gould 

Dada Contoid 

IO! 

TV 4 Rig News 
Gene lively 
The Tonight Show 
Stoning 

Eyewitness News 
Chris Morrou 
CTS late Movie 
Kojak: Dead 
•• 

NewsWatch 
Don Colton 
Mory Hartman, 
Mary Hartman 

 lo Imperdonable 
Amparo Rivellet 
24 Horas 
Jocobo ll! 

Johnny Carson 

(12) Tomorrow 

On His Feet" 
Telly Savalas 
McCloud: The 
Disposal Mon" 

The Way It Was 
Ironside 
Raymond B,"t 
Don Gollowoy 
(12) The F l l. 

Zabludovsky 

(12) Sign OH 

P rogrwwi lii S f j t u f te d in Ibis log a r * h i m is te d b y f t e tn W vts im sta tio ns a n d a rs subject ta la st-a iin v ts in artar._____________________________ _ 
Quasar. 
PORTABLE COLOR TV 

 a a 
• Uses Less energy than 
o ^ W°n light bulb 
• Lightweight, only 78 lbs. 

GARRETT'S 
APPL. CO. 

2652 Austin Hwy. 

655-2o1o 

Maude is sympathetic, but it doesn’t help. 

8 
(Ch. 
12) 
- 
MOST* 
WANTED 
- 
“ The 
Driver,” with guest stars 
Pernell Roberts, Marlyn 
Mason and Paul Lam ­ bert. A dedicated woman public official is con­ fronted by a desperate dilemma when an extor­ tionist demands $1oo,ooo under threat of death after she has received a large bribe offer from un unscrupulous real estate developer. 

8:3o (Ch. 5) - ALL S FAIR 
• If Desiree. Rich ard ’s glamorous and sophisti­ cated ex-lady friend, were not m arried, she would be a tremendous threat to Charley. Arid then. Charley begins to wonder. 

9 (Ch. 5) - THE ANDROS 
TARGETS 
• 
One of 
M ike’s sources in W a ­ shington provides three possibilities - all of them terrifying - about what 
Rev. E llis is planning through his contacts within the government and the military, in the pursuit of the true story. 
Mike discovers a nuclear physicist set up for blackmail after contact with one of Rev. E llis ’ g irls; a power-hungry 

 general with access to lasar weapons; and more facets of the brainwash­ ing employed by an un­ ethical phychologist. 
(Conclusion) 

9p(i2)FEATHER USES CHARM 
•TO EXPOSE KIUERI(Adv.) 

1o:3o (Ch. 4) - THE TON­ 
IGHT SHOW STARRING 
JOHNNY CARSON - Bob 
New hart is guest host, with Kreskin and Bob 
Kucker as guests. 

1o:3o (Ch. 5) - THE CBS 
LATE MOVIE - “ Kojak: 
Dead on His Feet.” star­ ring Telly Savalas, Dan 
Frazer. Kevin Dobson and George Savalas. 
Harry Guardino is guest star. 
D etective 
Ben 
Braddock keeps his ter­ minal illness a secret as he begins the ruthless pursuit of his late partner’s murderer. (R) 
“ McCloud: The Disposal 
Man,” starring Dennis 
Weaver, J.D . Cannon and 
Patrick O’Neal. McCloud is assigned to protect a wealthy corporation head from a hired killer. His job is made more diffi­ cult because the execu- 

Squawk 

 b o x 

I say Gene Autry is older than Roy Rogers and others say they are the same age. Can you help? —Vivian 

Yup. Gene Autry was born Sept. 29, 19o7. in 
Tioga, 
Texas. 
Roy 
Rogers was born Nov. 5, 
1912, so you arc correct. 

★ ★ ★ 

What is Dennis Cole doing now? Where can I write him? —C.S. 

Dennis shows up on TV in a guest role from time to time. He has also been doing stage work in Cali­ fornia and vicinity. Write him in care of the Screen 
Actors Guild. 775o Sunset 
Blvd., Los Angeles, Calif. 
9oo46. 

 live, who has made en­ emies even in his own fam ily, does not really believe a “ contract" is out on him. (R ) 

1o:3o (Ch. 12) - MARY 
HARTMAN, 
MARY 
HARTMAN - Loretta’s man is riz; Mary does it once, for 
Heather; 
Martha makes a musical request, and Tom asks for a little credit. 

 ll (Ch. 9) - THE WAY IT 
WAS • A three-part docu­ mentary focuses on the golden years of baseball when the New 
York 
Yankees reigned su­ preme. 

Midnighl (Cb. 4) • TO­ 
MORROW - Harold Rob­ bins, reputed to be the world's most popular best-selling living auth­ or, will discuss his “ rags to riches” life story and the changing sexual morality in America. 

* + * 

Where can I write! 
Chuck Barris of “ The 
Gong Show”? How old Isl he? How tall? -L .J . 

(’huck is the man who created and produced TV shows 
“ The 
Dating 
Gam e” and “ The New­ lywed Gam e.” He also has written a novel called 
“ You and Me, Bab e.” 
He’s in his 4os and stands around 5-1o. Write him at 
1313 N. Vine Street, Hol­ lywood, Calif. 9oo28. 

★ * ★ 

When “ The Partridge 
Family” was on. did they all really do their own singing? —CB. 

No. The singers in the group were Shirley Jones and David Cassidy. 

 ie ie it 

Where 
Is 
Victor 
Mature? How old is be? 
- J . P. 

Mature, who was born in Lo u isville, K y., in 
1916, is more or less re­ tired from acting. 

★ ★ ★ 

Are Florence Hender­ son and Marlyn Mason sisters? —Sharon 

No, the ladies are not related at all. Som e­ times, though. M arlyn has a hair style similar to 
Florence’s. 

★ * ★ 

Was Greg Morris in 
“ Land of the Giants”? If not, who was? — J.L. 

Grog was not in that series, but he was in 
“ Mission: Impossible.” 
Don M arshall was the handsome black man in 
“ Land of the Giants.” He in turn is not to be con­ fused with Don Mitchell who was on “ Ironside.” 

★ ★ ★ 

How old is Erin Moran who plays Joannie on 
“ Happy 
D ays"? 
—Martha 

Erin turned 16 on Oct 
18. 

ROACHES 

, 
6 ROOMS 
I V S f e e * T e r m ite I n t p e d t o n fwU. Uvoiny With* IK IRS 
UNIQUE PEST CONTROL 

P h o n e A n y t i m e 
534 732V - 333 2982 

HOUSE LEVELING 
— The Iris h m a n - 
A l l T y p e F o u n d a t i o n * 
S e r v i n g 6 o m i l e r o d l u * a r o u n d S .A . 
F R I E I S H M A T E S — 
S A M I D A Y 
N o t e : B e w i s e 
Lie. 
G et Two Estimates 
7 3 4 - 7 5 1 1 
Insured 

 rn 

KCOR, recognized throughout 

 the communications industry 

 as the most outstanding 

Spanish language radio 

 station in the United States 

135o on the Dial 

NOTICEl WE ARE NOW SELLING 

 direct to the public 
TOM JONES 

TOM JONES SAYS: 

WITH OUR U RG E VOLUME BUYING 

POWER AND LOW, LOW OVERHEAD 

AND NO SALESMAN COMMISSIONS TO 

PAY, WE PROMISE YOU THE FINEST 

PRICE AND SERVICE AND INSTAILA- 

I H I Q U A LITY G O IS IN 
T Io N S ' 
B E T O N T H I N A M I G O fS O N 
S E U IN G A N D SERVICING O V ER 38 YEARS IN T H f jA M E LO C A TlO 

 i 

TOM JONES 
T ELfV ISIO H - A PPU A N C ES-FU R N IT U IIE 

9o7 BROOKLYN BAn£*r 

Head Dan C o o k — Mr. Sport* o f 
San Antonio 

 in the San Antonio News 

CERTIFIED PEST CONTROL 
ROACHES 
$3 oo 5 c 
6 ROOMS— 3 MO. WARRANTY ^ 
FREE TERMITE INSPECTION 
7 3 3 -7 5 1 1 
IO 
PEANUTS 
SPECIAL 

TTS ARBOR DAY, 
CHARLIE BROWN” 

7PM5 

ROACHES $1 2 
AGGIE PEST 
735-8231 

6 R O O M S 

3 M O . 

W A R R A N T Y 
S3 OO S C 

FR IE TER M ITE IN S P EC T IO N 
223-1726 

7:oo 
CLINIC 
FISHING v. 
Mike Moore, local fishing authority and producer of the K VET Radio Fishing 
Report, hosts a four hour live presentation on the how to’s and where to’s of the local fishing scene. On hand will be 
Charlie Barefield to explain the history, trends and nomenclature of fishing tackle; Jesse Segovia to talk about salt water striper fishing, Jackie Hewlett of the 
All-Star 
Fishing 
Team to discuss fishing for black bass and members of the Parks and Wildlife Inland Fishing 
Department to describe accessibility to local fishing spots. 

- Basehal 
Murderer’s 
11.oo THE WAY IT W A S 
“ The Yankee Dynasty, Part I 
Row 1921 - 1934" 
"The Yankee Dynasty, Part ll: McCarthy 
DiMaggio Era 1936 
1948" 
12:2o GLORY OF THEIR TIMES 
Baseball highlights from the turn of the century to the start of World War I. 
SOM€GR€RT 
THINGS TO SGG 
ON PUBLIC TV I 
MARCH 4-2o 

KIRN-TV 
Box 7168 Austin 7871 
Box 9 San Antonio 7821 

I would Ilks to teeo<n« 4 member 
Enclosed it my chock to# 

D *16 
Q IN 
OMO 
I 
AM member* receive « lull veer* t a b * opt.on 
Chem**! 9 monthly problem guide T H I SCHEUCH 

NARRA 

A OOM t V i. 

CITY_____ 
, S I A l t 
/IP- 

Storm death toll hits 16 

The late-winter bliz­ zard that swept across the Midwest over the weekend left at least 16 people dead and hundreds more snow­ bound. 
National Guard troops and civilians wore busy 
Sunday reopening roads and restoring power throughout the blizzard- torn region. 
The death toll was nine in Colorado, six in Ne­ braska and one in Kan­ sas. Authorities blamed most of the deaths on ex­ posure or asphyxiation. 
The blinding snow' and high winds that hit 
Thursday and continued into Saturday left snow drifts 25 feet deep in eas­ tern Colorado, tore out 
1,5oo power poles in 
Kansas’ Sherman County alone and left more than 
3oo travelers stranded in 
Kadoka and Mission, 
SD . 
It was sunny and warm 
Sunday in much of the area hit hardest by the severe storm — parts of the Dakotas, Colorado, 
Nebraska and Kansas — and recovery was the main order of the day. 
Bodies 
The bodies of three teenagers were found in a field in El Paso County in southern Colorado and two other bodies were recovered from a half­ buried tow truck near 
Colorado Springs, auth­ orities said. 
Police said a rancher found the bodies of two men in a pickup truck near Gordon, Neb. 
In Colorado, workmen cleared Interstate 7o from Denver to the Kan­ sas border, but many oilier roads remained closed. 
Nearly 
1,ooo travelers were trapped on roads within 5o miles of Denver at the height of the storm, the stale pa­ trol said 

FORECAST 

Snow AO< 
E E 3 V 
Flumes f*xxx] 
Ram 
\\\\\ 

S h o w n 
Stationary O rd o 
[«{{((< 
NATIONAL WEATHER SERVICE 
NOAA. U S Copt of C om m on* 

SAN A N T O N IO A N D V IC IN I­ 
TY — P a rtly cloudy and m ild 
M o n d a y th ro u o h 
T u e s d a y . 
Southeasterly winds from 6 to 16 mph b e co m in g n o rth w e s te rly 
Monday. High tem eaeratu re tor 
M onday near 8o. Low tempera- iu re tor M on d ay In the upper 
5os. High tem perature for Tues­ day In the upper 7os. The sun rises at 6 45 and sets at 6 42. 
The moon is in the third qu arter 
Moon rises at 3:o2 a rn. and sets at 2 o8 p m. Tem peratures Sun­ d ay ranged from 39 to 81 de g r e e s . 
(N a t io n a l 
W e a t h e r 
Service forecast.) 
R E L A T IV E H U M ID IT Y - 28 per cent as of 6 p rn. Sunday. 
P R E C I P I T A T I O N 
- 
T o ta l rain fall for the 24 hour period ending at 7 p.m. Sunday, none; for the month, .28 of an inch; for the y e a r , 
4 29 in c h e s . 
A c ­ cum ulated d e p artu re from n o r­ mal, for the month, minus .39 of an inch; for the year, minus .1o of an inch. 
N O RTH T E X A S - M ostly fair 
Monday through Tuesday. Cooler 
Monday night and Tuesday. 
S O U T H T E X A S - C le a r to partly cloudy through Tuesday. 
W E S T T E X A S - W indy north and w a rm elsew h e re M on d ay. 
F a ir and colder north M onday night and in most sections 
Tuesday 
N A T IO N A L — R a in w ill be widespread across New England and along the northern P a cific 
Coast 
W idely scattered rain or snow showers will fall from the northwest portion of the plains a cro ss W y o m in g and Into the central plateau. Elsew h ere, fair or p artly cloudy skies a re for ecast. It will bo w arm er across the upper and m iddle M ississippi 
Valiev and the eastern portions of the north and central plains. 
Colder w eather will m ove into the northern and central rockies an d in m ost of th e p la te a u . 
E ls e w h e re , little te m p e ra tu re change is forecast 

M AR IN E 
W IN D S — Southeasterly winds fro m 8 to 16 m ph, b e co m in g northw esterly Monday 
T ID E S — P o rt A ra n s a s for 
Tuesday: high tides will be at 
1:o9 p m . and 1o:2o p m .; low tides will be at 5: 12 a m and 
5:58 p m 
Po rt Isabel tor Tues day high tides will be at 2 o8 p m . and 11:19 p.m .; low tides will be at 6:o1 a rn and 6 47 p m. 

TE M P E R A TU R E E XTR E M E S 
Low 4 degrees at Craig, Colo 
Hiah 
89 degrees at O cala. Fla 

GR EATER SAN ANTONIO 

San Antonio 
39 
8' 
oo 

SOUTH TEXAS 

Austin 
46 
82 
OO 
Brow nsville 
48 
8o 
OO 
Corpus Christi 
56 
73 
OO 
Cotulla 
47 
82 
OO 

I t CLEARANCE i f 

ALL 1 9 7 6 CENTRAL HEATING AND 
AIR CONDITIONING MUST BE MOVED 

WE MUST MAKI ROOM. SAVE $3oo.oo ON CRANE, 
CHRYSLER, OTHERS, BEAUTIFUL INSTALLATIONS, BEST 
IN S.A. FOR 31 YEARS. CUT OUT THIS AD. CALL NOW. 
FIRST COME, FIRST SERVED. 

THE ROY SNIPES, CO., CA 3-o296 

Gusting winds churn up dust 

ASSOCIATED PRESS 

Gusting winds churned up dust once again Sunday in South and Northwest Texas causing many re­ sidents to suffer from eye and lung irritations. 
The dust that plagued South Texas throughout much of the weekend had moved to the Texas coast and Southeast Texas where visibility was reduced to six miles and less in some spots. 
Visibility had also dropped to six miles or less around Lubbock and Dalhart in the northwest regions of the state because of gusty surface winds. 
In other sections of the state, Texans were enjoy­ ing warm temperatures and clear skies. 
Dallas recorded 84 degrees by late afternoon while cool Gulf breezes kept the thermometer at 64 de­ grees at the same time in Galveston. 
Most cities reported readings in the 8os. 
Winds were mainly from the south and southwest in the 1o-15 miles an hour range although some gusts up to 2o miles per hour were reported in North and 
West Texas. 
The forecast called for more warm temperatures throughout the state Monday with gusty winds in the north and northwest. 

Del Rio 
46 
82 
oo 
Junction 
38 
84 
OO 
Victoria 
47 
81 
OO 

TEXAS 

Abilene 
44 
83 
OO 
Alpine 
43 
8o 
.oo 
Am arillo 
28 
8o 
OO 
E l Paso 
27 
73 
.oo 
Fort W orth 
43 
82 
OO 
Houston 
54 
8o 
,oo 
Lubbock 
34 
84 
.oo 
Lufkin 
43 
82 
.oo 
San Angelo 
39 
84 
OO 
W aco 
44 
83 no 

SOUTHWEST 

D enver 
26 
71 
OO 
Honolulu 
69 
83 
o8 
Los Angeles 
47 
62 
OO 
Las Vegas 
42 
76 
OO 
Phoenix 
45 
77 
OO 
Salt Lak e City 3o 
4o 
.o7 
San Diego 
53 
61 
OO 

SOUTH C EN TR AL 

Kansas City 
39 
56 
oo 
Louisville 
45 
63 
oo 
M em phis 
53 
7o 
oo 
Oklahom a City 35 
79 
OO 
St Louis 
45 
56 
.o6 
W ichita 
32 
7o 
OO 

SOUTHEAST 

Atlanta 
42 
72 
o9 
Birm ingh am 
55 
69 
oo8 
Charleston 
62 
69 
1.38 
Jack so n ville 
7o 
81 
8o 
New O rleans 
43 
78 
oo4 
Raleigh 
61 
78 
I 6o 
Richm ond 
62 
8o 
.37 
Tam pa 
71 
79 
.oo 

NORTHW EST 

Bism arck 
3o 
41 
OO 
Boise 
24 
45 
OO 
Casper 
25 
45 
OO 
Helena 
28 
36 
.17 
Portland, O re J6 
47 
OO 
Rapid City 
23 
67 
OO 
San F ran cisco 44 
52 
.o9 
Seattle 
35 
48 
24 
Spokane 
29 
4o 
o6 

NORTH C EN TR A L 

Chicago 
43 
49 
.o4 
Detroit 
4o 
55 
.o9 
Duluth 
35 
54 
OS 

Indianapolis 
47 
72 
OO 
M ilw aukee 
39 
52 
OO 
Minn-St. Pout 
39 
45 
OI 
Om aha 
39 
53 
OO 
Sit. Ste M arie 
37 
42 
99 

NORTHEAST 

Boston 
46 
SI 
.62 
Buffalo 
46 
68 
,66 
Cleveland 
43 
59 
45 
Columbus 
43 
56 
.81 
New York City 51 
54 
98 
Philadelphia 
55 
64 
.49 
Pittsburgh 
47 
56 
.69 
Portland, Me. 
36 
42 
.7o 
W a ‘ hington 
61 
72 
86 

TEXAS W EATHER 

Forecost 

Mon 

SAN ANTONIO EXPRESS— Monday March 14 1977 

Rabin rebuffs view 

COMPILED PROM WIRE SERVICES 

WASHINGTON - Pre­ mier Yitzhak Rabin of 
Israel says that he re­ jects President Carter's view that as part of a final Middle East settle­ ment Israel should give up virtually all territory captured from the Arabs in the 1967 war, allowing for only “minor adjust­ ments” in the prewar frontiers. 
Appearing Sunday in a taped interview on the 
ABC-TV show, “ Issues and Answers," Rabin said that “ without any quali­ fication, Israel will not return to the lines that existed before the 1967 war." 
He said Carter’s news conference remarks call on Israel to return “ more territo rie s" than “ we want to give." 
Saturday, President 
Anwar El-Sadat of Egypt also rejected C arter’s concept, declaring in 
Cairo: 
“ Allow me to repeat to you and for all to hear, that we will not cede a single inch of Arab land and that our national territory is not open to bargaining; the Israolies must withdraw from all occupied lands.” 
In a news conference last Wednesday, Carter said there would have to he “ substantial w ith ­ drawal of Israel’s present control over territories.’’ 
“ W here that w ith ­ drawal might end, I don’t know," he said. “ I would guess it would be some minor adjustments in the 

City 
Tem proture 

Tues. 

3(3 61 
A m arillo 
28 78 
F a ir, cold 
Austin 
58 8o 
59 78 
P a rtly cloudy, m ild 
Laredo 
59 78 
58 79 
P o rtly cloudy, mild 
Corpus Christi 
58 82 
57 79 
P a rtly cloudy, mild 
V ictoria 
58 8o 
59-78 
P a rtly cloudy, mild 
D allas Fo rt W orth 
48 85 
49 77- 
W indy, m ild 
M cAllen Bro w n sville 65-86 
65 85 
P o rtly cloudy, mild 
Houston 
58 79 
57-/6 
P a rtly cloudy, m ild 

M EXIC O 

(M exican tem peratures appear in both F a h r e n h e it a n d C e n ti­ g rad e or C elsius. F a h re n h e it is listed first In each colum n.) 
Acapulco 
......... 71/22 
86/3o 
G u a d ala ia ra 
.. . 48/o9 
82'28 
M orotlan ........... 48/o9 
79/26 
M exico City 
. . . . 53/12 
84/29 
M onterrey ......... 46 o8 
79/26 

1967 borders. But that still remains to be nego­ tiated.” 
T errorists may be Basque unit 

B IL B A O , 
Spain 
- 
Gunmen believed to be members of an under­ ground Basque organiza­ tion shot and killed one civil guardsman and wounded two others early 
Sunday on a road east of here, police said. 
Meanwhile, thousands of demonstrators clashed with police in Barcelona and interrupted the 8th 
European indoor track championships in San 
Sebastian over demands for political amnesty for 
Basques and others held in Spanish jails. 
Ethiopia Hays espionage tried 

ADDIS ABABA, Ethio­ pia — Ethiopia’s military rulers charged Sunday that a British university lecturer who was killed last week with three 
'Ethiopians was involved in espionage. 
An official statement said the four were taking pictures at a sweater factory on the outskirts of 
Addis Ababa for espion­ age purposes. 
The statement said the 
Briton , 
Dr. 
W illiam 
Hastings Morton was killed by a “ worker de­ fense squad who followed him as he sped back to 
Addis Ababa, having realized that his espion­ age attempts had been foiled." 

Belfast ‘'tinmen kill policem an 

B E L F A S T , Northern 
Ireland — Gunmen hid­ den in hedgerows off a country road opened fire on a police car Sunday, killing an 18-year-old officer. 
The victim , W illiam 
David Brown, was the youngest policeman to die in Northern Ireland's sectarian violence. He was the 1ooth policeman killed, there since 1969 

Zaire builds up defenses 

K IN SH A SA , Zaire — 
Zaire is sending heavy weapons against invaders in its southern province of Shaba and is calling up form er sol­ diers for a major new m ilitary operation, offi­ cial sources said Sunday. 
But there were no signs that the invaders, app- parently guerrillas who had tried to make the copper-rich province into an independent nation in the 196os, had been dri­ ven out of the three towns they were said to hold. 
And as the Shaba feud approached its second week. there were still no 

 or reports of casualties major fighting. 

A rgentina!! harvest boom s 

B U E N O S A I R E S - 
Argentina’s agricultural campaign to recover the place it once had in the first rank of cereal and meat exporters had paid off this year in record grain crop. 

A wheat harvest of ll million m etric tons is straining the storage ca­ pacity of farm silos on the pampas and elevators at the port term inals, where ships load wheat for nearby Brazil and far-off mainland China. 

SALE 

TRUNDLE BED 
Stu rd y m etal Onit & 
2 qualify mattresses, tucks a w a y easily! 
WITHOUT ENDS 
*129’° 

WITH FINISHED ENDS ’239“ 

 i i i lama 
Bedding Co. 

Open Mon. thru Fit 8-5:3o P.M.-Sct. 8 A M to 12 Noon 
4915 McCullough, 6 hilts. N. of Olmos Dr. 
824-o2o1 
USY TERMS! 

ALL INNER SPRING CONSTRUCTION 

► KING S E T ...M 9 9 5o 
» QUEEN SET 
►DOUBLE SET 

►TWIN SET... 

MORRIS CERULLO presents 

For nine months, less than a thousand lews 

 withstood 5,ooo troops of the Roman Tenth Legion, 

In the end, they chose death rather than slavery. 

Y A W N 
Slot ai the Cokkm Globe Aw arri* inning film, "lies My Tother Told Me," a* the 
Zeolol leader, Hear or Ben Yaw. 
ORI LEVY 
International Star of Stage and Screen, a* 
Flavius Silva, General ut the tenth legion 

YIGAEL YUDIN 
The Director of the Masada 
Art haeiogk al Expedition prevents recently dive overed ar li­ lac tv never seen belute by the public. 
TONIGHT 7:oo P.M. KMOL CH 4 

The day you turn 55 you can receive >our AARF membership card: 
It's a curd that can be important to you right now. Because once you have it, you're eligible for all the benelits and services of AAR?. 
What is A ARP? 

AARP is the American Associa­ tion of Retired Persons. Non-profit, non-partisan and non-governmental, it’s an association of over 9 million vital 
Americans. And one AARP mem­ bership of S3 a year enables both you and your spouse to join them in taking full advantage of all .AARP offers. 
The New Social Security. 

AARP is probably the only national organization in this country that offers people over 55 so many different and important ways to take full advan­ tage of their age. 
Asa member, you'll be able to purchase drugs and medical supplies at some of the lowest available prices ui tile country', You’llreceive information on health, auto and life insurance specially tailored for people over 55. You’ ll be able to fill your leisure lime learning new skills, meetuig new friends and part lei pat mg in community activities. And you'll receive free both Modem Maturity, un entertain­ ing and inforrnative4-color magazine feu turmganiclesofspecial interest toolder 

 people, and the AARP News Bulletin w hich keeps you up-to-date on important issues in the field of aging and all associa­ tion activities. 
When you consider that these and all AARP's other benefits and services are yours to take advantage of, it's easy to see why our members call us the new 
Social Security. 
The Advantages of 
Your AARP Card. 
• Information about eligibility for 
Group Health Insurance coverage to supplement Medicare or other basic health insurance. 
• A Pharmacy Serv ice that lets you buy the drugs and medical supplies you need at prices that average, according to a leading consumer mag­ azine report, “ only 2.99F above wholesale” and delivers them to your home, |M»stagc paid. 
• Free educational materials on retirement planning, nutrition and health maintenance. 
• Information on auto* and life insurance special!) tailored for people over 55. 
• 26oo Local Chapters where you can meet new friends and participate in community activities. 

• Special programs on Consumer 
Information and Tax Aide assistance by IRS volunteers. 
• The chance to find interesting part-time or temporary employment in a number of metropolitan areas through “ Mature Temps” an AARP recommended service. 
• The chance to strengthen AARP’s 
Legislative Program w hich informs and ad vises legislators about the special interests of all older people. 
• Special group travel tours and special discounts at leading hoteLs throughout the country. 
• Free subscriptions to our tw espe­ cial interest publications—.Modern 
Maturity andtheAARP News Bullet bi. 

Heres How to Take Advantage. 
Wouldn't you agree that every thing above is worth the membership dues? 
And there are even more benefits than we have room to tell you about here, 
The best way to discover them all is to join. It s as simple as mailing in the coupon. And there's just one require­ ment: you have to be 55 or o\er. Alter that, no matter what your interests are, 
A ARP can make a meaningful contribu­ tion to your life. 

•Only Maiui 
I 4 V 4 ll.lt i Su it 
Ma 

I 

AARP 
The New Social Security for people 55 and over. 

AARP 

American Anociation ut Retired Persme 
19o9 K Sued, N. W , VV jshmgton, D C 21 

Gentlemen: I am 55 or over: 
Please enroll me as a member of A ARP I underfund that it makes me eligible for all AARP benefits and privileges 
Enclosed find □ S3 (one year dues I G $8 ( 3 years dues) C Bill mc later. 

N a I n * ................... 
-..... .. j 
I Pie JSC Pi tno 

Address___________ 
„_________________ 

 t ’lty tiirtliddte. 

Stale 
.___ Zip____ __ 

 oui: i 

 membership ma. ever, only one nu 
Ber ami sp 
CKP be 

M onday March I4 I 977 
San Antonio Express 
EDITORIALS 

W illia m J. Reddell 
Editor o f Editorial P a g e 

C h arle s O Kilpatrick 
Editor a n d Publisher 

G e o r g e C a rm a ck 
Associate Editor 

Fane I 
Burt 
M a n a g in g Editor 
W arlike’s victory a vote for sanity 

President Carter won his first tough encounter in the 
Senate where the split was pri­ marily along party lines. The 
Senate confirmed Paul Warlike as the chief U. S. negotiator at the upcoming SALT talks. 
Opponents of the nomination 
(12 Democrats and 28 Republi­ cans) argued that Warlike was too soft a negotiator. Some had even said Warnke favored uni­ lateral disarmament of the U. S. 
But a majority (nine Republi­ cans and 49 Democrats) con­ firmed the nomination and 
Warnke will shortly begin talks aimed at new agreements to succeed the 1972 accords with the U.S.S.R. on limiting nuclear arms. 
Warnke’s confirmation, even in the face of Haw ks on the arms issue, means President Carter is challenging the Soviets to a good-faith try at reducing the overload of massive destruction. 
It doesn’t mean the U. S. will unilaterally disarm, reduce its arms, or reduce its tough-mind­ ed appraisal of Soviet strength or intentions. Warnke is exper­ 

 ienced in the arms - control bu­ siness and he will negotiate under instructions from the 
President. 
And the President has two entirely competent advisers on that subject in Cyrus Vance at 
State and Zbigniew Brzezinski at National Security. 
Warnings in the Senate to the 
President that Warnke’s nego­ tiations will be critically exa­ mined in the Senate seem more petulance than statesmanship because for the Senate to do otherwise would be neglect. 
Warnke’s record suggests that he will offer a low-key ap­ proach to highly-emotional and complex negotiations. At issue is the stockpiling of nuclear bombs designed ta kill millions of people. At best, a nuclear strike would be an invitation, probably irreversible, to mutual destruction of a good part of two or more countries’ ability to survive. 
It seems essential that re­ duction in terms of weapons on hand take place if disarmament efforts are to mean anything. 

‘As I was saying to Jimmy — I call him Jimmy — when we spoke on the phone the other day, “Jimmy,” I said. “ Yes, Fred,” he says — he calls me Fred , . 
T h reat on betting 

Tax-spend policy can’t follow dollar-population patterns 

An interesting item has sur­ faced in the city council races. It is whether a district is getting its money’s worth in terms of city investment in the district for services and capital instal- 
\ lations. 
The argument is, quite ob­ viously, an appeal to the paro­ chialism of voters instead of to a sense of total community. That appeal was bound to surface and there will be some effort in the new council to put the city bud­ get through a divvy-up proce-. dure as disrict council members trade out for neighborhood fa­ vors. 
We hope there will emerge in the next council, as in the pre­ sent one, a coalition of common interests based on community interests. 

At any rate, a council dedicated to dollar in-dollar out policies is doomed to failure. 
The richer districts are better built because there was money to do it. The poorer districts are not so well built because there was less money for the job. 
Current data show the following percentages of taxable values and population in each district: 
District I has 8.75 per cent of 

 total taxable values and 9.6 per cent of the population. For dis­ trict 2 it is 5.61 to 9.47; district 3 is 9.66 to 9.6; district 4 is 6.36 to 
8.89; district 5 is 3.81 to 8.4; dis­ trict 6 is 7.11 to 12.8. 
District 7 has 1o.19 per cent of values and 11.1 per cent of population; district 8 has 16.28 to 
9.4; district 9 is 15.46 to 12.3; and district IO has 16.77 per cent of taxable values to 8.7 per cent of population. 
Bond issue money in the past dozen years has been spread to areas of clearly-defined need. 
Because the city has grown so fast so quickly, there’s hardly a place in town that doesn’t need attention. 
The election could place a council majority in City Hall that will represent the have-not districts. We doubt there is danger in that, however, be­ cause discretionary spending in any budget is insufficient to let unfair allocation of funds go far and any election for approval of bonds has to pass at-large voter muster. 
It is a specious argument to contend, in any case, that taxes must be spent, neighbor- hood-for-neighborhood and dol- lar-for-dollar where they are collected. 
Alaskan oil will com e high 

Owners of the Alaska pipe­ line have asked the Federal 
Energy Agency to grant a tariff that would make oil delivered on the West Coast cost $17.4o a barrel and in the Midwest, via the Gulf Coast, $2o.4o a barrel. 

Another part of the report to 
FEA is that about half the oil to bt* sent to the West Coast will be surplus to that area and, there­ fore, subject to shipment to the 
Midwest or exported to Japan. 

Sir: Tho Texas Baptist hierarchy has publicly threatened reprisals against any Texas legislator voting for pari­ mutuel betting. 
Our local legislators have told us the m ajority of their constituents want h o rse ra c in g and th e y w ill vote accordingly, dem onstrating the way a democracy is supposed to work 
The State of Texas has a population of many religious persuasions. 
The Baptists seem to bt' the only people who disregard the separation of church and state, although they use this as the them e of som e of their conventions. 
The Texas B aptists also publicly cam p aig n ed for J im m y C a rter and against his opponents, not as private citizens, but as church leaders. 
They either have their own strange c o n c e p t of w h at c o n s t i t u t e s th e separation or they practice hypocrisy. 
W. McCracken 

(NOTE: The only Texas Baptist we know of who made a public endorse­ ment in the presidential race was the 
Rev. W. A. Criswell of Dallas, who was for President Ford.) 

Election called act of immunity 

Sir: Note in this m orning’s E xpress 
(M arch 8) that Ju d g e Jo e Leonard fined four long-time Civil Service em ­ ployes for defrauding the U.S. govern­ ment by falsifying records. 
Joe. you know dang well that a feller has to be elected to a governm ent job to be im m une to punishm ent for de­ frauding the governm ent! 
T. A. Kennedy 

Buildings don't mean excellence 

Sir: A few days ago you published an article by biz Sweet. The article bore. the dolorous but misleading head, 
“ Who thinks of the kids during school w arfare?” Presumably, it purported to be the definitive study of the an­ tecedents anil results of the recent 
$49-mlllion SASD bond referendum . 
Miss Sweet w rote that proponents ol the bond prosposal had their selling points; That over half of the d istrict’s schools are m ore than 28 years old and are in need of renovation; that the needs and concepts of education havi changed; that open area classroom s, used in other school districts necessi­ tated new and im proved buildings; that im proved educational facilities would allow the d istric t to offer a superior educational environm ent, etc. 
These constantly repeated cliches about “ changing needs and concepts ol education.” “ m odern concepts of open a r e a c l a s s r o o m s an d le a r n in g centers,” “ superior educational envir­ onm ent,” etc., are tiresom e hogwash. 
The product of a school is d e ter­ mined by the mind, desire, and appli­ cation of the student and the quality, ability, and dedication of its teachers 
— not by the school s age, appearance or physical properties. 
I arn conv meed that the* graduates oi old W heatley and old B rackenridge 

Letters 
TO THE EDITOR 

 l e f t mr% to tbi» n e w tp a p e r should b e sh o rt a n d th e y m u st b e sig n ed Initials only will b a u s e d a t w r ite r’s re q u e s t. C o rrect a d d re s s a n d te le p h o n e n u m b er fo r id en tifica tio n o f le tte r* a r e n e e d e d le tte r* w ill b e e d ite d fo r le n g th , g o o d ta s te a n d le g a l re a s o n s . 
A d d ress: le tte r s to th e e d ito r, P O b o e 2 1 7 1 , San 
A ntonio, TX 7 8 2 9 7 . 

 would not suffer in any com parison w ith the g raduates of the new Wheatley with its new concepts of education and its superior educational environm ent. 
Roy M. Mueller 

Another thought about the ERA 

Sir: Here is another thought on the 
Equal Rights A m endm ent brought to light from recent articles in the b e ­ press. 
One article told of com pulsory ser­ vice of Israeli girls to spend two years in the arm y. The other article told of an underground m ovem ent in Israel to help young women escape compulsory serv ice iii the arm y. 
Be careful, m om , the ERA could 

‘I see the difference, all right.’ 
Cong ress and the colleges 

WASHINGTON - The na­ tion’s private colleges and uni­ v e r sitie s historically have traveled a rough road, 
They never have been in g rea ter peril than they are today, 
Once their concern was with per­ forming their independent tusk well; now their concern is with perform ing ll at all. 
The threat to their existence comes in p art from rising costs that have pushed tuition-fees to a point of di­ m inishing returns, but this is not the great worry. 
The m ost ominous peril lies in the tightening grip of federal controls 
Melancholy 
It is a m elancholy siory, but c e r­ tainly not a new one; the colleges are victim s of the ancient rule that says the road to hell is paved with good intentions. 
T w en ty y e a r s ag o , w hen in s titu ­ tions of hig h er education began ac­ c e p tin g m a jo r fe d e ra l g ra n ts , th e motives were noble and the process seem ed benign, 
When C o n g r e s s began fu n d in g 

 large program s of student loans, the benevolence was widely acclaim ed, 
Federal requirem ents in the field of civil rights seem ed altogether just. 
T h e in s t itu ti o n s had a ib u n d a n t w a rn in g of th e c o u r s e of e v e n ts . 
Scores of college presidents sounded alarm s Federal aid inevitably would bring federal control. 
But th e t e m p t a t i o n s w e re loo stro n g , and th e p r e s s u r e s on C on­ gress too great to be resisted. 
The governm ent’s 1978 budget pro­ jects nearly $3,4 billion in various aid to higher education, an increase of 2o p er cent ov er the outlays in fiscal 78. 
Different guises 
Controls com e in different guises. 
A sm all M ethodist college, h a r d ­ p ressed for bu ild in g funds, in d e ­ sideratum accepted a federal grunt of 
$373,9oo 
These were the conditions: 
The college agreed “ to remove all religious symbols from Hie top of lls chapel, to limit the numfu r of M eth­ odists on its board and teaching staff, lo refrain from spo n so rin g or co n ­ ducting any religious services, to re ­ m a in to ta lly n e u t r a l to w a r d th e 

 spiritual developm ent, in a religious sense, of its students, and to exclude p rayers, hym ns, and serm o n s from its graduation exercises ” 
Affirmative action 

T h e government’s d e m a n d s for 
“ affirm ative action" in the hiring off faculty m em bers continue to impose burdens that get to bv* unbearable. 
In a m ajor speech last month, Dr 
John A Howard, president of Rock­ ford College, spoke in som ber tones of the problem 
“ W hatever m ay have been the in­ te n t of th e g o v e r n m e n t , it is an in d isp u tab le f a d th a t affirm a tiv e action’ has operated in such a way as to prevent m any colleges from con­ sistently h irin g and p ro m o tin g the bi st qualified individuals to the va­ 

 cancies on its faculty , . . T o perm it any extraneous consideration lo take precedence over professional qualifi­ cations in Hie appointm ent of faculty 
• m em bers is to com prom ise the edu­ cational process at its very core. This is a large and fateful step which the nation has taken toward intellectual and cultural suicide.M 
Far removed 

Som e of th e co n tro ls a r e fa r re ­ moved from the educational process as such. 
F ederal health and safety reg u la­ tions lie like an a s b e s to s b lan k et across the cam puses. 
The A m erican Council on E d u ca ­ tion h as e s t i m a t e d th e cost of c o m p lia n c e w ith fe d e ra l r e q u i r e ­ ments ut alm ost $2 billion a year. 
As Newsweek m agazine has noted, the sum is “ roughly equal to the en­ tir e s u m th e in s t itu ti o n s r a is e through voluntary donations ** 
T he burden of fed eral form s, re cords, inspections, and com pliance reports grows ever greater. 

D r. H o w a rd has u r g e d his col* leagues to band loge!tier this year iii 

 a concerted appeal to Congress and to the C arter adm inistration: Get off our bucks! 
He pleads eloquently for a m o ra ­ torium on further m anifestations of the benevolence that suffocates. 
He also pleads for a m odest pro ­ gram of lux credits, us distinguished from lax d ed u c tio n s, for c o n trib u ­ tions m ade directly to institutions of higher learning. 

Makes sense 

The tax credit plan m akes sense in principle, in practice, it could m ean serious problem s for the T reasury 
For the tim e being, what is m ost needed is a clear statem ent of policy fro m P r e s id e n t C a r t e r an d f r **»** 
HEW Secretary Cal if ann. 
That policy m u st be p re d ic a te d upon a steady reduction iii federal rules, regulations and direct grunts iii aid, 
U nless the tre n d of recent y ears can Im* rev ersed , the |*rtxale institu­ tions u ltim ately will becom e m e re ap{M*ndages of the omnipotent state; they m ay survive, but they will In* 
“ private” only in nam e 

Georgic 
‘ ne* rn- 

 r n 

 very possibly put your daughters into compulsory arm ed service if it comes back into law and during conflict it probably will have to. Don’t forget your daughters will not be discrim in­ ated against, which m eans total go­ vernm ental control. 
The ERA is like killing a mouse w ith an elephant gun —■ you’d never even recognize the carcass. Who in their right mind would want women to be indistinguishable from men? God for­ bid 
Marion Beadles 

About letter on Baptists 

Sir: Re: Robert Franklin, about look who’s spreading the word: Most Bap­ tist New Testam ent churches are not following the P la in s , G a., B a p tist 
Church. We also are not judging them. 

We try our best to study C hrist’s teaching with the help of the Holy 
Spirit with the most am ount of wisdom that He gives us — then we spread the good word to people like Mr. Eldridge 
Cleaver and Mr. Charles Colson. 

Mr. Franklin. God bless you and may you also see the light. 
Ed Huckabay 

Clerics have big 
African mission 

WASHINGTON - Last sum­ mer in Rhodesia, just before the 
American initiative began, a highly-placed Roman Catholic priest talked to me in almost desperate tones about the situa­ tion of the churches there. 

“ The governm ent is putting it that the enem y is co m m unism .” he said. 
“ So the black R h o d esian s see the 
R u s s ia n s an d C h in e s e s im p ly as 
‘friendly ca p ita lis ts ,’ willing to giv e ca sh , (if c o u rs e , th ey a re n a iv e iii thinking they can som eday say goodby to them. 
“ Y et,” he went on in another vein, 
“ we m ust not com e to the point where we pit a religion against an ideology. 
An ideology is a system of ideas d e ­ manding com m itm ent to it. Religion is also a s y s te m of id e a s d e m a n d in g com m itm ent — hut to God.” 

Words return 

T h is d e d ic a te d , d is tu rb e d m a n ’s w ords co m e b ack to m e now , w hen m issionaries iii Africa are stalking out of holy obscurity and onto th e front pages in a new kind of Christian m a r ­ tyrdom. 
E le v e n m i s s i o n a r i e s b r u ta l ly m urdered bv terrorists in Rhodesia . . . 
Idi Amin wiping out Christian trib e s­ men in a genuine, updated genocide . . ev e ry day , so m e new h o r ro r th a t c a rrie s one b ack to the d ay s of the catacombs. 
In our day, m is s io n a rie s s e e m to m any people to be m aking m ore than anachronism s. 
T h is m a k e s m e feel o b lig e d to m a k e so m e o b s e rv a tio n s on w h at I perceive as several exam ples of wrong thinking. 

Massive misreading 

The first m assive m isreading is that, because the Rhodesian Catholics have been stoutly for rac ial ju s tic e , they should somehow not be the ta rg e t of terrorist attacks. 
T he second m isco n c ep tio n am o n g faddy young people, who seem to think th a t only th e R ev. Moon or H a re 
K rishna have “ got relig io n ,” is that 
P rotestant and Catholic m issionaries in Africa have been purely a W estern invasion and imposition. 
The third erro r, despite the words of the good priest I talked to, is to think that religion is not a counter-ideology to M arxism and is thus unim portant in the big schem e of things. 

Alternative 

The truth is that, in the absence of any w orkable dem ocratic ideology of­ fered by th e W est, the W estern m is ­ sionaries today a re indeed placed in the position of being the ideological alternative to M arxism . 
This is why M arxist guerrillas could easily kill m issionary after m ission­ ary: Liberal-m inded m issionaries are the ones most in their way. ll is just as naive to assu m e so m e­ how th a t t h e r e is s o m e th in g le s s proper about Western C hristians dedi­ cating their lives to Africa than E a s­ tern M arxists suddenly discovering the 
“ d a rk continent,** 

Educated 

When one looks hard and fairly at the situation, it is clear that the g rea t m a ­ jority of black African leaders, includ­ ing most of the guerrilla leaders, were educated iii m issionary schools. 

An inordinate num ber were sons and daughters of native black pastors. 

The churches w ere the bridge, not to the West or lo “ im p erialism ,” as the ideologically pat would have it, but to education and modernization. 

W ithout the ch u rch es, th e re would sim ply be no m odern m o v e m en ts in 
Africa because there would be too few educated people. 

Churches adapt 

Few people seem to realize, as well, how extraordinarily well the Christian churehee have adapted in Africa. 

After World W ar II. liberal P ro tes­ tant churches l»egan to cull their m is­ s io n a rie s “ f ra te r n a l w o r k e r s ,” and mission agencies becam e the “ Boards for World M inistries " 

In country after country, leadership passed sq u are ly to th e n ativ e C h ris ­ tians. who w ere represented equally in world church bodies. 

T he m e a of th e G ospel b e c a m e a b ro ad one th a t s tr e s s e d th e e n t ir e moral and social developm ent of the people, 

Shadowy 

T hat is why, the next tim e a lins- siunuiy dies in Africa it is itnfairtanl for Am erican* not to think this is smite dunlow v tragedy befalling a relic from another century 

V\c snould realize that it is tin' nits slutia» *s wlw arc prov tiling hoi only an exam ple »f trem en d o u s co u ra g e bul also a coin ler-ideotogy to M arxism in a continent they have toyed tonger than any *?? **»♦ «r critics — .md now are d> 
*ng for 

Sheik Yamani a puppet who pulls strings 

SAN ANTONIO EXPRESS— Mondoy March 14 1977 
Page T3-A 

By LINDA BLANDFORD 
I gra b for a n ew sp a p er 
Riyadh on 9 Shawal 
14, 1975, to us). 
1396 in 
(Oct. 

Western press 
"Mr. OII." reports call him 

At last, the announcement of the newest and largest cabinet in the his­ tory of the Saudi kingdom. 
For a moment I almost think the princes are being overrun by the hoi polloi. 
Out of 25 m inisters, only seven highnesses. 
What? 
I study the other new ministers, with the even more unfamiliar names.' 
They all have links somewhere with the a1 Saud, the royal family, nearly all of whom come from merchant families made rich by swimming within the tentacles of the a1 Saud octopus. 
Slowly, though, middle class (by 
Saudi standards) lads are being hand­ picked by the al Saud and groomed for stardom. 
First contract 
The first to be put under contract, of course, was the only Saudi that anyone in the West will ever have heard of — assuming they’ve ever heard of anyone from Arabia — Zaki Yamani, minister of petroleum and oil resources. 
He is the man Time labeled ‘‘Ya­ mani or Your Life" during the 1973 em bargo, when his face and name were in the news for months. 
He is Saudi's Mr. Oil. now almost a global piece of media property. 
Thousands of column inches report his every statement; foreign-affairs men pore over his every word with the dedication of code breakers. 
Does he mean that the West should have all the oil it wants? 
Does Ik* want to hike the prices up, bring them down, or keep them steady? 
Will he cut back on production? 
Will he this, will he that — and the irony is that Sheik Ahmed Zaki Ya­ mani can't move an inch on his own initiative without the king or crown prince’s go-ahead. 
Is com m oner 
Yamani is a commoner, so back in the old days (the 19Bos) he could be dangled before the Western media in a way that was then considered undigni­ fied for royalty. 
He was a puppet; not the string- puller. 
But every now and again he will pull a string or two of his own behind the scenes. 
I suspect that Zaki Yamani pulled a string to get me into Saudi Arabia. 
His Excellency Sheik Ahmed Zaki 
Yamani works on the ground floor of his ministry. It is marble and white and would be very tidy except for the armed soldiers littering the corridors. 
His anteroom is crowded with some of the top people of Saudi who Ye been waiting to see him. 
The head of the Western section of the Foreign Office and I have the most interesting chat about the differences between labor unions in the States and in Britain, and it passes the hours. 
Large office 

At 9 o’clock I’m shown into the lar­ gest office Eve seen anyw here in 
Riyadh. 
Behind the desk is a gray-faced, ashen man. almost dropping with fa­ tigue — and on top of that he has the flu. 
I look al him; he looks at me. 
Those famous eyes are not exagger­ ated by the newspaper reports: He's attractive, all right. 
His voice is like one of those records they used to sell to put you to sleep — it's*so soothing that if I'm not careful, 
1 11 drop off, and I dbn’t trust him not to then put me through a third-degree interrogation. 
He takes his time to see that I'm not going to relax that far and that I’m not remotely interested in the intricacies of oil. He smiles even more broadly. 
"I think I’m going to take you to my home and later my wife and I will take 

He is Zaki Yamani, minister of petroleum and oil reserves for Sau­ di Arabia. 

In this excerpt — the second of a se v en -p a rt s e r ie s from* Linda 
B la n d fo r d ^ new book. ‘‘Super- 
Wealth" — Yamani’s private life at home provides an interesting con­ trast to his appearances in the 
West. 

 you to a party. You’ll foci easy there,” lie says. 
Yamani is one of “The Group." It s the substitute for the tribal and family security blankets he had to leave be­ hind in his native Hejaz (the coastal strip, another world away from this desert-locked government capital) when King Laical picked him out and made him oil minister at 31. 
We drive to his home, or rather he drives me home. He lives in a suite in the side of my hotel; it’s his permanent and only home in Ryadh. It has its own entrance, a side door in a completely dark alleyway surrounded by trees. 
I rn surprised. "Aren’t you worried about security? Any nut could easily take a shot at you here.” 
Sure it’s tactless; Yamani was by 
Faisal’s side when he was killed, but he shrugs and says, "Allah decides our fate. It’s not for rile to worry. I hate tin1 soldiers at the ministry. I will not live w^lh them here." 
Kidnaped 
How things change. A month later 
Yamani is one of the IO oil ministers kidnaped by the Palestinians at an­ other of those V ienna OPEC meetings. 
Three people are killed, and lie is held prisoner on board a plane for days af­ terward. 
He comes to America a few months later to, as he hopes, complete nego­ tiations for the KIO per cent takeover of 
American oil interests in Saudi. 
He won’t come until he’s assured that the 1.1oo acres of the Panama City 
Bay Point Yacht and Country Club in 
Florida will be crisscrossed by plain and uniformed police with shotguns and walkie-talkies. 
Yamani opens his front door and calls out to his wife. His new wife. 
Meritocrats spiraling upward here run into the same problem as their 
Western counterparts; they outgrow their first wives. 
Yamani married his old one w hen he was a lonely student at Columbia in 
New York; they’ve been separated for nine years. T hey're not divorced 
(she’d lose (nit financially), but he spent a long time alone before he re­ married. 
Ile has been lonely; cooking (he has aspirations to being a gourmet chef), writing poetry, studying the Koran fills the time, but cuddling his disgusting snuffly black P om eranians hardly amounts to a relationship. 
West different 
That’s in Riyadh. In the West his life is different. 
All those thousands of television in­ terviews and new spaper profiles showing him as a dashing playboy with flatteringly cut suits and hairstyles. 
That famous night when they kept 
Harrods open late especially for him — an honor London’s famous department store has hitherto condescended to bestow only on the queen. 
In half an hour Yamani spent $71),(MMI working through a trifling shopping list. 
He came out and ordered his chauf­ feur to hire a van for the cumbersome parcels and assorted boxes he wanted to take on his flight with him. 
The chauffeur explained that the hour was somewhat late to hire a truck. Ile was smartly ordered to stop one in the streets and persuade its driver to oblige. 
Shortly afterward Yamani glided out smoothly to London airport in his li­ 

 mousine — with a coal delivery truck bearing his booty behind. 
It does not stagger me in Riyadh to hear from one of Yamani’s few “close friends that this global celebrity is totally mixed up as an individual. 
He feels safe only in Saudi, but his experiences in the West are fast turn­ ing him into an outsider even with The 
Group. 
Yamani’s friends were and are very fond of his first wife. As often happens in "divorces,’’ they take exception to the fact that at 45 she s alone and he's with a much newer model. 
A young girl of 25, a former biology student he picked out in Beirut. Her name is Tammam. The new Mrs. Ya­ mani is something else again. 
I don’t learn much about her at our first encounter. She hangs back, sim­ pering shyly. 
She’s dressed to kill; beautiful, smothered with makeup and eager to be off to the party after Zaki’sjiad a short rest. 
When he’s ready, Tammam gathers her black cloak (managing not to put it on as ostentatiously as a woman puts on her first mink coat), winds a suspi­ cion of black chiffon around her hair, and her husband drives us away. 
Small house t « 
We walk into the living room of a small house. It glitters with beautiful women. It hurts my eyes to see them all at once. They’re decked out in the brightest evening robes Europe can invent. There’s hardly a woman who isn’t ravishingly made up. 
Were it not for the m en’s thebes 
(long robes) and headdresses. I could be anywhere in the world that rich, overdressed women gather . . . until the atmosphere gets through to me. 
Mixed gatherings are new to Riyadh. 
It’s like being with teen-agers at dancing class. There’s the same shy­ ness, the edginess of not knowing how to act with the Opposite Sex. It’s so infectious that after a few of these parties I find it almost impossible to talk with men myself. 
When one man comes over to where 
I’m sitting I feel ashamed — almost as if I’m doing something dirty in the act of conversation. 
The undercurrent of sex permeates such gatherings by the very absence of 
•its acknowledgment. 
Almira Nazer, wafting pink chiffon, her gentle voice chatting over the buf­ fet plates, looks tired. That’s not sur­ prising. She’s the only working woman in the room. 
Every morning at 7 she reports to a local hospital where she’s employed as a pediatrician. 
We don’t eat until ll; it’s now way after midnight. Hisham and Almira 
Nazer exchange a quick glance; he nods to the door. 
He makes a point of saying: “ Sorry, we ll have to go. I have a working wife, you know.” She’s his second w ife, too. 
The Yamanis are back on the floor playing belute. They don’t leave until much later. By now Yamani doesn’t look drawn with fatigue; he’s half dead 
— but he doesn't have a working wife. 
We arrange for me to spend the day with Tammam. 
The day with Tammam doesn’t start early. It doesn’t start until the after­ noon when Tammam wakes up. The public Zaki Yamani, tin* world’s ap­ parent oil sorcerer, is everyone’s pro­ perty. The clue to the private Yamani is the black-eyed smug-puss, T am ­ mam. 
Queen of court 

At home she s the queen of her court. 
She always has some companion at her beck and call. 
It may be her older sister Johara, a psychology student, whom Tammam’s bossing around. 
It may be an intriguing Frenchwo­ man of a certain age who has come to stay, 
To say Tammam’s like Anne Boleyn ut Henry VIII’s court would be an ex­ aggeration. To say she s like a pop star who has had one hit and is big in 
Hamburg would not. 
For better or for worse 

SHEIK AHMED ZAKI Y A M A N I is shown leaving oil talks in Panam a City, Ria., last year. 
Behind him is his daughter. 

We all marry for better or for worse. 
But you don’t know how bad it can get until you find out you’re stuck with an "I don't dance." 
During courtship, Hie "I don I du n ce-ers" m islead you (I don’t believe I said that). 
They’re the first ones on the floor, pushing your arm up and down like they’re priming a pump, and maneu­ vering around between couples dipping and swaying. ll wasn’t until our wedding reception when the orchestra played the anni* 
\ersar> waltz that I knew I had been conned. 
Tile crow ti made a circle around my new husband anti me to lead the thou­ ing when he turned to me and said, 
" P le a se . not tonight. I have a ben­ da* he, ’’ 
It his excuses fur not dancing were laid m d to end, they would encircle 
Ann Miller * teased hail* at) times 
T hese art some ut Ids l*etiei ones . 
"It s too crowded Walt till It thins out " 

"No one else is dancing Wait until there’s a crowd.” 
" Stardust is loo fast. Let’s wait until the tempo slows down a bit." 
"My varicose veins have been acting up," 
"The -song is utmost finishi-d. U IS wail until next New Year’s." 
"We just got lien* an bour ago, Give me a chance lo talk 
"Why didn t you mention >«u wanted to dance before I unbuttoned tov jacket? 
Through the years I have resigned myself to sitting around listening to the music aud watching tov Igel swell under the table, 
I tell myself he's a good prov ider, 

 loves children, and is kind to my m otherinlaw . 
But I couldn’t resist mentioning his handicap the other night as we watched a period movie. 
The hero moved across the floor and chose his dancing partner — a beauti­ ful woman of mystery. 
Together, they joined a line of about 
5H other people and went through a routine »»f counting steps, swaying, dipping, turning, bow mg and skipping that would have baffled the Ohio Slate marching band. 
At the same lime, mind you. the hero carried on a conversation that was provocative, suggestive, witt>. and jmj* luteal — without missing a lieut. 
"Would )tiu look ut that 
I ex ­ claimed to my husband "F a c e it, 
Bunkie, >uu would never have hacked the \ irgima Retd 
My husband took note ol the dunce! resplendent in cutaway coat, powdered wig. lace over the hands, sal iii vest and 
Inn kled shoes ami observed, 
Without his Supphose, h e’d be sitting It out like the rest of us 

Tammam can't make up her mind bow to fill her time today. The book­ shelves offer astrology, history, expli­ cit picture-books on sex techniques, philosophy, Gaylord Hauser. Tammam doesn’t feel bkt* reading. 
The videotape shelves offer everyth­ ing from Muhammad Ali’s latest fight to “There’s a Girl in My Soup." Tam­ mam doesn’t feel like a movie. 
She wouldn’t think of going shop­ ping, not in Riyadh. Tammam’s very sniffy about where she shops, and the city’s provincial stores a r e n ’t her mark. No, Tammam feels like giving me the benefit of her advice. 
‘Quite modern’ 
" I ’m quite modern. I want you to know that. I think a girl should get to know a boy, have coffee with him or something. But no more than that, you know what I mean?" 
It’s one of her favorite expressions. 
Tammam knows exactly what she means. 
‘‘Every man, however educated he is, wants a virgin for a wife. And it’s not difficult to hold a man — for an 
Arab woman, that is. I think you Wes­ tern women have forgotten how to do it, 
"I have a friend who is very pretty, but she went to school in America and stopped using makeup. Her husband came to me one' day and asked me to show her how to do it. She doesn’t look like a woman without it, really. You know what I mean? And I see you don’t use makeup either for that matter." 
Filibuster curb loom s in Senate 

WASHINGTON (AP) - The Senate appears ready to put new limits on the stalling game known as a filibuster. j 
Revisions have been agreed on by 
Sen. James B. Allen, D-Ala .the Sen- I ate s current filibuster champion, and j 
Majority Leader Robert C, Byrd, D- 
W.Va, 
The Senate Rules Committee has put I off action on them until Wednesday lo j give the Republican Policy Committee a chance to review them. However, 
GDP leader Howard Baker says they sound good. 
The overall effect: Once the Senate has voted to put its debate-lim illiig I cloture rule into effect to break a I filibuster, no more than another 5o hours of debate will l>e allowed on the issue under consideration 
Time used for quorum calls and other parliam entary m aneuvering, such as demands for the reading of proposed amendments or of the jour nal of the previous day s proceedings, would he charged against this 5o1 hours. 
Could ho cut 

The day passes under Tam m am 's tutelage. 
At 9 she goes to make herself ready for her master. It takes an hour; her dressing room table has an armory of scent bottles and beauty products. 
The m akeup, the canary-colored dress, the hair carefully curled down to her waist seems to me overdone for a quiet supper at home with her hus­ band. 

But, as Tammam has pointed out, 
"An Arab woman knows instinctively how to do the right thing.’’ 
She’s Lolita 

The minister of petroleum and min­ eral resources finally staggers in — he's beat. Tammam has now switched roles — she's Lolita. 
She robs Zaki of his headdress, sits him on the floor and plays belute. 
The young temptress goes through an ABC of seduction with this 
45-year-old man with his soft eyes and soft paunch. She flirts outrageously, giggles, cheats with much smacking of cards and lips to trap his attention. 
It s almost a pity to have to interrupt it for supper — another feast. 
Zaki offers to chart my horoscope; he’s a Cancer and un expert on the subject, 
"How would you feel if you suddenly found you had to live here?" he asks me. 
"As an expatriate? I don’t think I’d like to be a stranger iii a strange land anywhere." 

Zaki shrugs impatiently at the way 
I've dodged his question. I feel Eve insulted him. I enjoy the man too much; I answer honestly; "I would suffocate." 
Zaki sm iles 
Zaki smiles. He’s content. Tammam jumps in, says that I’m not very good at explaining myself, and then rushes him off for more belute. 
Early in the morning, when they’re still playing together like small, happy children, I leave them to their double lied in the shabby hotel suite. 
Tammam has one philosophy about life — ifs a woman’s job to please her man. 
"Now listen to me. You’re older than 
I am," she says, "and I don’t mean to be unkind, but you evidently haven’t been able to hold a man so far. Just remember that every m in. no matter how big he is in the world, he’s a child. 
"You know what I mean? Not a child to cry or anything, but he needs warmth, love, affection and that means that when he comes home from the office he must find you cheerful and beautiful. 
"That’s how you make sure that he will always come back." 
And the I a s i devastating thrust. 
"Then you’ll be able to get anything you want from him." 

 copyrigH It) 197? 
Sup*, Wrom* The Xet'el li»*» «* the CM iheAX*. by tkn*&o><i Repented by pe<mnwo" «T W O en 
MWO* on) Co . bn 

Tuesday: The M 4.SIN af ' Jetlduh. 

Even the 5o hours could be cut by a two-thirds majority of the Senate membership, or B7 votes. 
When Allen and other opponents of an anti trust enforcement hill stalled action on it last year, then-Majority 
Leader Mike Mansfield predicted a driv to permit cutoff of debates bv a simple majority instead of the three- fifths majority required bv the cloture rule, 
The three f i f t h s provision w a s adopted at the start of the la s t t gross 
Brev m usty, twuihu 
Senate had to vote in favor for It to Im* invoked 
\ lee President Waller I 
Mend* who ted the fight lur Rial change, 

Have your paycheck sent to us. 

 la ­ ds of the dure 

 p lis h in e iit wl 

 l l s III untie 

It» probably happened to everyone Payday wa* 2 and you still haven t made it by the bans lo deport 
Well when you have your paycheck sen! directly 
Pars Bans you don t have to bother with the ok) I shuffle With Direct Deposit you can have your p< 
VK.tai security or government payroll cfrets bent «, us So you avos) all the paper wots ana ha**)** 
(i*r act Deposit if your chats 
Mite (or tone* 'ea* 
K t our* mi credited lur the amount normally depoi sri bees and enjoy your 'mal payday Have your h sera d*'et My to us 
« 
SS c e n tr a l p a r k ! S in k 

WO rn tan ma m rn wan an 

 lay* av 

 to C entral 

-•*3 i 

SAN ANTONIO EXPRESS— Monday March 14 1977 
The little things mean more 

Training specialist Ginger Smith helps Cindy Gerardo, 7, with her first steps — Photo by Gil Barrera 

Cindy Gerardo is a 7-year-old with thick hair and long dark eyelashes. She is severely retarded. 
At the Bexar County Mental Health and Mental Retardation Child Deve­ lopment Center, training specialists have been working with Cindy for three years to teach her to sit up, crawl and walk. 
Last month Cindy took her first steps. 
“ We are ecstatic!” said Judy Den­ son, coordinator of education and de­ velopment at the center. “ Children with severe mental retardation often never learn to walk. It's a major ac­ complishment.” 
Stephanie’s Benefit' 

Cindy is one of 82 children enrolled in the Child Development Center whic.i will receive proceeds from the “ Ste­ phanie’s Benefit Marathon” March 
16-2o. The event is sponsored by the 
San Antonio Police Officers’ Assn. 
Albert Rodriguez, who will run the 
3oo-mile marathon, is the father of a m entally retarded daughter, Ste­ phanie. The little girl has been hospi­ talized,^)^ Is enrolled at the center when she is well enough. 
Stephanie was born with brain da­ mage and other birth defects, includ­ ing breathing problems. Doctors pre­ dicted she wouldn’t live past early childhood. 
“ I made a promise that if Stephanie lived to her fifth birthday. I’d go to San 
Juan de los Lagos, a church of mira­ cles, to give thanks,” said Rodriguez, a police sergeant at the University of 
Texas at San Antonio. 

Rodriguez's marathon, which begins in San Antonio, will end at the church in San Juan, Texas, in the Rio Grande 
Valley, on Sunday, Stephanie’s fifth birthday. 
Rodriguez has asked that contribu­ tions to the marathon be sent to the 
Bexar County Mental Health and Men­ tal Retardation Center, 611 N. Flores, 
San Antonio, 782o5. 
“ Proceeds will be used for equip­ ment,” said Rodriguez, who points out how much it is needed at the child development unit, especially for men­ tally retarded children who are also handicapped. lf the marathon raises enough mon­ ey, some of it would also be spent on equipment for the center’s opportunity workshop, used for job training. The workshop was destroyed in a fire last 
December. 
“ We also need a van with wheelchair lifts and infants’ seats,” said Mrs. 
Denson. 
Minimal to severe 

Children at tin* center range from minimally to severely retarded. 
Some are like Bonnie Bridger, a lo­ vable three-year-old who has Down's 
Syndrome, a chromosome mutation which occurs inexplicably at concep­ tion. 
It is the most common single cause of mental retardation, Mrs. Denson said. 
•Many of the 27 children who have 
Down’s Syndrome and are enrolled at the center will eventually enter the public school system in special educa­ tion classes. As adults they may be 

Jimmy Barrera, 9, listens intently as Jose Lopez 
Sainz plays guitar 

 able to hold simple jobs. Training is offered through the center's opportun­ ity workshop. 
All their lives 
Other children, like Cindy and 
Jim m y Barrera, 9, will need close supervision and care all of their lives. 
In addition to being m entally re­ 

 tarded, many of the children at the center have multiple handicaps. 
Mrs. Denson noted that mental re­ tardation may be cruised by an infec­ tion during pregnancy, child birth trauma or illness during childhood. 
For some children, like Stephanie, the cause is not known. 

“ Between 1oo.99o and 2oo,ooo men­ tally retarded children are born in the 
U S . each year,” said Mrs Denson. 
“ Over six million people in the U.S. are mentally retarded.” 
To help train and care for mentally retarded children in Bexar County, the 
Child Development Center was opened in 1973. 
Money sources 

It is financed by a grant from the 
Texas Department of Mental Health and Mental Retardation and revenue sharing funds from the City of San 
Antonio. 

The center also has a contract with public schools which provide funds for school-age children who would other­ wise be their responsibility. 

At the center there is one training specialist for every four children. 
“ This makes it possible to give each child individual care and attention,” said Mrs. Denson. 

She observed that affection is an important part of the child's develop­ ment. “ It means a great deal to a mentally retarded child when a parent or teacher claps or praises him,” she said. “ A hug can be important.” 

 family centers 

SHOP THESE TG&Y STORES LISTED BELOW 
G O O D THRU M ARCH 16 TH 

BankAmericard 

 i t ! i t ( ■ //// 
/ u h 

NO SALES TO 
DEALERS... 
LIMIT RIGHTS 
RESERVED 
■COUPON" 
TAMPAX 

TAMPWC 
SPECIAL 

REGULAR OR 
SUPER 
ECONOMY PACKAGE 

K ep t* * 

4o s 

EXPIRES MARCH 19 

 r 
^ 
Y l 

LIMIT 

1oO Ct. Pkg. 

I 
PAPER I 
PLATES a 
9 ” W hite 
4 

JUST ARRIVED* 
ALL NEW ASSORTMENT OF 
BASKETS! 

Deluxe 
15” broom with corn fiber head, wooden handle. 

Limit 

EXPIRES M ARCH 19 mnomieJXM 

 v * rv* v r » i > J* ■ 

EXPIRES MARCH I 9 
COUPON 

6 7 4 J 
LIMIT 2 
I 
J 

G E N E R A L ^ ? 
ELECTRIC 
I ? 

STEAM- ® 
DRY 
IRON | | 

■ I 
EXPIRES M ARCH 19 
| 

T 
O 
& 
Y 
B a r i 
■ 
■ 

 i n ii 

LARGE, SMALL 
SQUARE, ROUND 

ALL KINDS to 

COHPOK 

 amt m m m u f f 
BAYER 
A S P I R I N 

COUPON 

IOO COUNT 
BAYER ASPIRIN 

 u « „ , 8 
9 
’ 
EXPIRES M ARCH I 
■ ■LTC&YJ 

I 

LIMIT 6 

NICtAL QUALITY 
BATHROOM 
TISSUE 

TG & Y 
8 ROLL PKG . 
BATHROOM 

TISSUE 
W hit*-Pink -Y e llo w 
$1 27 

Pkg. 
Limit 2 
EXPIRES MARCH 19 

OII PON- 
SECRET 
SUPER SPRAY 
DEODORANT 
7 oz. Can 
$1 17 
Limit 2 
EXPIRES M ARCH 19 
■TGaYm i 

COUPON—l f 
DIAL l l s o a p ! ! 
R e gu lar Size t 4 

1 9 * j i 
•J k l coil PON" TI I" 
WONDER ■ g 
SOAP rn 
BUBBLES ■■ 
IO " 

EXPIRES M ARCH I 

T 
G a Y 
M 
I 

 coil PON" "I 

HOUSEHOLD | 
BROOM 
| 
I 
1 . 7 7 1 
. J 
COII P O N -1 

ASSORTED COLORS | 

VINYL I 
PLAYBALL | 
77 * I 
PIRES M ARCH 19 o a y h mm mm 
CINI PON"-I 
I I 

2 5 * 

Limit 4 
EXPIRES M ARCH 19 
■ 
T 
G 
& 
Y 
M 
I 

TGA Y 
ALCOHOL 
16 oz. Bottle 
I I 
J 

CANNON 
| 

ASSORTED 

COLORS 

WASHCLOTH ■ 

1 9 " i 
■ 
KACH y 
LIMIT S 
EXPIRES M ARCH I 
CCOA lY M U 

LIMIT 4 
EXPIRES M ARCH 19 

 i t g a y m m 
COUPON- 

—urn 

I S A T » A B V tR tlM B M tK R A M tM PM IC f 

 tm 
• W I A kt WM** M e 
I «#*«.*•• IIM *! • mw M . . i >• Me 

I t M frttllM tl IM*wit I I At **« 
I «»» f ( " ' I M • *.**»> Him*. I .I !* « * » , M-4- 
M lh.' '.i** »' 
'*•« P*** 
* tMuM* 
>»«.■<»,. 
o 
IM MV MM«m* M M I M i i i , . . , . t ,I IM M M I 
W IA i t 
A i n i t m im M M I nm 

 ii..r,„.,rf—-......... -*» 
- • ■ 
----■ 

/ 
V 
/ 
Wa Will Ba \ 

I 
H a w ?• 
\ 
Ne tee* Tm ? Mm d 
| 
H Tm Ail IM 
| 
I 
Amu Im* NHI 
/ 
\^Tiw 

164S PAT BOOKKR RO, 
UNIVERSAL CITY 
NORTHWEST CENTER 
3654 FREDERICKSBURG RO. 
SOUTH PARK M A U 
33)o S W MILITARY OR. 
SSO? BLANCO RO. 
21o4 NACOGDOCHES 

33o HWY. 9o W. 
EAST HOUSTON CENTER 
A l NEW BRAUNFELS AVE. 
6ooo.1 WEST AVE. 
AT JACKSON KILLER 
NORTHERN NILLS 
13347 N A C O G D O C H E S 
A I PERRIN BUTEL 

CALLAGHAN PLAaA 
CALLAGHAN RO 
AT CULEBRA 
6 IS O WURZBACH 
AT IVERS 
BROOK HOLLOW CENTER 
15o33 SAN PEDRO AVE 
ALSO SEGUIN, TEXAS 
M- r 

.Monday March 14 1977 

^ ‘••Tlini 
I- im I 
I, 
|... ____ 
____ 
- 4 

Janet will model this Valentine gow n during La Festa Italiana from 7 to 9 p.m. Thursday in M c N a y Art Institute. 
The benefit gala presented by Friends of the M c N a y and Frost Bros, will include an Italian supper. Reservations m ay be made by calling the M cN ay. 
Gutsy’ teachers needed 

Dear Ann: 
I 'll bet you are swamped with letters from teachers complain­ ing about uncooperative, destructive, lazy. rotten students. I hope you will print just one letter from a student. Here’s mine: 
I’m 15, a freshman in high school (m ale) who usually makes the honor roll. I’m not an angel bul 
I have never used foul language in ( lass, hit a te a c h e r , stolen or d e s ­ troyed school property, drunk b eer, wine o r li­ quor on school premises or come to school stoned. 
There a re plenty m ore like me. 
I can cite two reasons stu d en ts 
“ act like anim als.’’ 
First, they learn fast if the teacher is afraid of the students lf the teacher is gutless and c a n ’t stand up to a loudmouth or a bully, tin* kids get the message. A teacher who has lust con­ trol of them can ’t teach 
T h is is very u n fair to those of us who a re in schiml to learn 
The second reason for poor b eh av io r is b o re ­ dom. Home teachers are in co m p eten t and lazy, plus they really don’t like* kids very much 
Their classes are dull as d ish w a te r — so the 
Inned ones make trouble just to create excitement. 
I have had some terri­ fic teach ers in my life, aud I will never forget them. 
Most kids WANT to learn, I say give us more gutsy competent teach ers and there will tx* a lot fess violence and goofing off in the cla ss­ room! — T h e O t h e r Hide 

Ann 

Landers 

I 

OUR BIGGEST 
STOREWIDE 
SPRING EVENT! 

Save 2.o1-3.o1! Short sleeve dress shirts 

SEASON'S lo w est 
PRICE! 599 

Orig. 
8.oo-9.oo. 
K rn ti i c Id label shirts in polyester /Colton have senii- spread collar. 8 color choices, 14l/2 to 
17. Men's Dress Furnishings, all stores except Las Palmas. 

Save 25.1o-75.1o!Meris famous brand suits 

SEASON'S 
LOWEST 
PRICE!699o-99 9o 

Orig. 95.oo-175.oo. Special group of name brand suits, including vest­ ed styles. Dacron * polyester or tex­ tu re d woven polyester. 
Mens 
Clothing, all stores except 
Las 
Palmas. 

Save 44%! European jfit sport shirts 

SEASONS 
LOWEST 
PRICE! 899 

 m onious (b u t ta rd y ) counsel — “ she should have given him the bum’s rush BK FO K K she got pregnant,” You have also been a strong proponent of birth-control informa­ tion for g irls who a re sexually active. 
Now will you please advise a young Ixiy on bow to avoid becoming trapped by an overly ag. gressive girl? 

Orig. 
16.oo. 
European-fit sport shirts for the young man! Plaids of polyester-cotton. S-M-L-XL. Charge it! 442 LD. Shop, all stores. 

[Save 5.o1-6.51! Men's silk fashion ties 

Hires* the signals tor bim to heed so he can 
“ bu//, off." And will you also remind him of his responsibility to use contraceptives no matter what the girl says? 

SEASONS 
LOWEST 
PRICE!4"-5 99 

Orig. 1o.oo-12.5o. Silk means a bet­ ter knot! Choose wovens and prints 

T i k i often the I n l y is the ob ject of “ lo n g-ru n ge planning” by a girl aud her mother — and la is devastated when faced with un unwanted m a r­ riage v or 
21 years of ehild-support. Ju st ask me, I know all about it because I’m — The B e y s 
Mother 

 in many fashion colors. Men's Dress 
Furnishings, all stores except Las 
Palmas. 

Save 2o.o5! Men's fashion blazers 

Dear O S.: Amen You wrapped it up beauttful- iv 

II IM M* t*l lI 

D ear Ana I a n d e rs ; 
There has bevil a great d eal of p a la v e r lately a hunt the it* who 

 take’* advantage • an in* 

 lift flit V UUU:.* git i 
I cringe at your saudi- 

Dear Mather: 
I have repeatedly em p hasized the w isd om of BOTH partners taking p recau ­ tions a g a in st not only pregnancy hut YO I wel­ come the opportunity to do so again 
Vs for Hie signals to 
“Bl 77 off 
— sorry, d e a r. c a d i in d iv id u al knows his threshold of tolerance 
T h e problem i'•u t in recognizing the 
- (goals tad ai mustering the self discipline lo stop short i»t the gout tine 

44 95 
SEASONS 
LOWEST 
PRICE! 
Reg. 65.oo, Choose solids or checks, sizes 38-46 reg or long Matching or contrasting dress slacks, reg. 27.5o, sal® 19.95. Men s Sportswear, all stores except Las Palmas. 

Save 35.1o on men's 
3-pc. vested suits in spring fabrics 

SEASONS 
LOWEST 
PRICE! 
99 9o 
Save 8.o1-15.51! Long sleeve sport shirts 

Req. 135.oo. Now you can have the latest leg. styling and fabrics for spring and great 

SEASON'S 
LOWEST 
PRICE!ll 99 

 savings, too! Choose texturized polyester or 
Dacron* polyester-wool blends in a variety of colors ... all with fashion-right vests. 
Men's 
Clothing, all stores except 
Las 
Palmas. Use your Joske's charge card! 

Sold nationally 2o.oo to 27.5o. 
Fashion sport shirts in nylon or polyester fabrics. S-M-L-XL. Charge it in Mens Sport Furnishings, all stores. Save now! 

Save 5.o1-6.o1! Famous maker flare slacks 
Special! Men's Sun- 
Sensor sunglasses 

SEASON'S 
LOWEST 
PRICE! 8 " - 1 3 99 
SEASON'S 
LOWEST 
PRICE! 799 

Orig. 14.oo-2o.oo. Flare leg slacks in solids or fancies. European or gentleman's flare styles. Men's Sport 
Furnishings, ail stores except Las 
Palmas. 

Special value! Metal aviator or plastic pilot or aviator shapes. Shat­ terproof lens are distortion free! 
Men's Dress Furnishings, all stores except Las Palmas. 

Save 2.o1-6.o1! Men's short sleeve shirts 
Save 1.51 on boys' 
8-2o dress shirts 

SEASON'S v n w r v T l a w W W L a I 
PRICE! 799 
SEASONS 
LOWEST 
PRICE! 

Orig. 1o.oo-14.oo. Polyester, cotton, or polyester-cotton blend sport shirts are cool for summer! In SM M L XL 
Men's Sport Furnishings, all stores 
Charge it! 

Ona- 6.5o. D 
Vina. washable fabric 
Boyswear, a 

 sh 

71 
Palmas Usx an cli 

 iris rn machine white, sizes 8 lu ires except Las ira® card! 

C H O P AI T ^ T O R F ^ i n ' T T T Q M O N D AYI 
O X X a 
/ a XmiI mJ m X V t X i Jl>j O 
X U 
X X L i 
XVX 
XX X / / i X • 

'age 
2-B 
S A N A N T O N IO EX P R E SS— M onday M arch 14 1 9 7 7 

“ PRIDE IS POWERFUL 

E J 

Mrs. Terri Hunt, San Antonio Patron 
Reduces 32 lbs. and SOY*”. 

It got to a point in my life where I was asham ed of my figure and unable to fit into any of my clothes, trying different diets, counting calories, exercising, but nothing worked for me. 

Being under a doctor’s care for muscle spasms, my prescription was “ Exercise 
Therapy.” 

Passing Pat W alker’s Salon every evening on my w ay home from work, my pride got the best of me and I thought I’d give it a try. 

W ow ! W hat results. 

If s a pleasure going to Pat W alker's. The atmosphere is very pleasant, secluded and the counselors, receptionist, and techs are very helpful and complimentary. 

I’m glad my pride got the best of me. 

Terri Hunt 

ORIGINAL METHOD N O W W ORLDW IDE 

THERE IS STILL TIME TO REDUCE FOR SPRING 

 lf you were discouraged when you went shopping for your Spring clothes — there is still time to do something about it. lf you found that all the exciting new Spring fashions and travel clothes just didn’t look right on you because you have added inches . . . you can still reduce and be able to wear all the stylish Spring clothes. 

N o matter how long you have had a particular figure problem . . . no matter what your age or how impossible it seems to you at this moment, you C A N reduce quickly, easily, ef­ fortlessly, EXACTLY W H ER E IT IS N EED ED . After a personalized figure analysis, which is given in complete privacy, the exclusive Pat W alker computerized method individually pro­ gram s your figure correction. Each treatment requires only thirty relaxing minutes and is given in complete privacy. THERE IS N O D IS R O B IN G A N D THERE ARE N O S T R E N U O U S EX­ 
ERCISES. 

The greatest favor you will ever do for your loved ones is to take the first step toward a new figure. Call Pat W alker s Salon N O W for a FREE TRIAL TREATM EN T A N D FIGU RE 
A N A L Y S IS . There is no obligation. 

It will work for Y O U . There is still time to reduce and be able to wear all those fashionable 
Spring clothes. This Spring, be proud of your new figure, your new PAT W A LK ER FIGU RE . . . 
THERE IS STILL TIM E T O H A V E Y O U R PERFECT FIG U RE TH IS S E A S O N . 

--REDU CE N O W TO HAVE YOUR PERFECT FIGURE FOR S P R IN G - 

FREE Trial Treatment and Figure Analysis 

You are invited to come in or call for a courtesy treatment and figure analysis without obliga­ tion and from the analysis we will tell you where you are going to lose, and how long it will take. W e will tell you exactly how many treatments you need and the exact cost of your correction. 

• 
W ith Pat W alke r’s computerized program you can reduce so easily and effortlessly without rigid diet or strenuous exercise, without disrobing and in complete privacy. You will lose where you need to lose and you'll enjoy doing it. Pat W alke r’s computerized equipment and program makes losing a pleasure. You have nothing to lose but pounds and inches with Pat W alke r’s Figure Perfection Program. Results guaranteed. 

For a FREE treatment and figure analysis without obligation come in or phone to reserve appointment. Hours are 7 A M . to 8 P M . M o n d ay through Friday; Saturday 9 A .M . to 
2 P.M. 

Figure Perfection Intl. 

3191 NACOGDOCHES 

(MacArthur Plata Shopping Center) 

 r 

HOURS 
Monday thru 
Friday 7 a,rn.-8 p.m 
Saturdays 9 e.m. 2 p.m. 656-15oo 

UVA1oI 
512/278 6288 
KERR Villi, TEXAS 
512/896-1o22 
VISIT OUR 
SALON 
IN GONZALIS 
(672 8637) 
656-1 SOO 

- • 
' % wy- 

S 

I ••’ /; 
- 
>•: 
* 

Cam p-Hoffm an 

The First Presbyterian 
Church in Houston was the setting Saturday for the w edding of Miss 
Joanne H offm an and 
T hom as 
P aul 
C am p. 
Officiating were the Rev. 
DHR. .lohn L a n c a ste r and the Rev. Raymond 
Judd. 
The b rid e is the daughter of Dr. and Mrs. 
P hilip Cl. H offm an of 
Houston. Parents of the groom are Mr. and Mrs. 

John ( arson Camp. 
M atron of honor was 
M rs. 
C h risto p h e r 
J. 
Cabler. Serving as best man was Paul Burghard. 
Ushers were Dave P o t ­ ful, Jay Crawford. Leroy 
Johnson and Dr. C hris­ topher Cabler. 

A reception was held in the University of Houston 
Hotel. 
The couple will honey­ moon in New Orleans. 

• Roberts-Wright 

Miss L au rie F ra n k 
Wright became the bride of Rick Clamer Roberts of Midland, Saturday in the First Baptist Chapel in M idland. The Rev. 
Mahesh Chavda officiat­ ed. 
The b rid e . is the daughter of Mrs. David 
F. W right Sr. and the late M aj. W right. She was given in marriage'by her brother, ( apt. Robert 
M. Wright. The groom’s parents are Mr. and Mrs. 
VY. V. “ Red” Roberts of 
Midland. 

Maid of honor was 
Ja c q u e lin e Benson of 
Fort Worth. Bridesmaids 

 were Mrs. Rod Roberts of 
B ryan, 
M rs. 
M arty 
M iller of Lubbock and 
Beki May of Fort Worth. 
The g ro o m ’s fa th e r served as best m an. 
G room sm en w ere Rod 
Roberts. Him Smith and 
M arty M iller. U shers were Mike Williams and 
Fred Talley. 
Follow ing the c e r e ­ mony, a reception was held at the home of Mr. and Mrs. Jack E. King of 
Midland. 
The couple left on a cruise to the Baham as. 
Puerto Rico and the Vir­ gin Islan d s. They will resid e in North Hol­ lywood. Calif. 

MRS. GEORGE W. EVANS JR. 

G. W. Evans Jr., 
Fiona Inglis exchange vows 

Miss Fiona Margaret Inglis became the bride of George Weldon Evans Jr. of Lytle Sunday in Alamo Heights 
Christian Church. The Rev. Earl Bis- sex officiated at the ceremony. 

The bride is the daughter of Dr. and 
Mrs. R. M. Inglis. The groom’s parents are Mr. and Mrs. George W. Evans of 
Lytle. 

Bridesmaids were Rosemary Inglis and Sheena M. Inglis, sisters of the bride. 

Serving as best man was Scott Covey and groom sm an was Sam M eyer. 
Ushers were John Welch, John Rogers, 
Thomas Haile and Dave Covey. 

A reception was held in the Oak Hills 
Country Club. 

After a wedding trip to the Cayman 
Islands, British West Indies, the cou­ ple will reside in College Station. 

Miss Cynthia Hay Hat­ field of Pam pa and Gil­ bert IL B uenrostro J r. exchanged m a rria g e vows, S atu rd ay in St. 
Vincent De Paul Catholic 
Church in Pam pa, The 
Rev. F re d e ric k M arsh officiated. _ 
The b rid e is the daughter of Mr. and Mrs. 
Bobby J. H atfield of 

Buenrostro-Hatfield 

P a m p a . The g ro o m ’s parents are Mr. and Mrs. 
Gilbert ll. Buenrostro. 
M atron of honor was 
Mrs. Diane Freem an of 
White Deer. Tex. Brides­ maid was Paula Morgan of Pam pa. Flow er girl was Janet Hatfield and ringbearer was Jeff Hat­ field, sister and brother of the bride. 

Serving as best m an was Mike Lea of L ub ­ bock. Ushers were Ruben 
Donovan Sr. and Ruben 
Donovan Jr. 
A reception w as held in the church reception hall following the ceremony. 
After a wedding trip to 
New Mexico and Las Ve­ gas, the couple will re ­ side in Lubbock. 
Cheers for beer cans 

The items you col­ lect needn't he eso­ teric 
— they can he as c o m m o n p la c e as b e e r cans, c o m ic hooks or trade cards. 
This second part in a seven -p a rt series a Inuit collecting e x ­ p la in s th a t it isn t just w h a t you c o l ­ lect. hut also ra rity anil condition, that determines value. 
By ANNE GILBERT 

Beer-can collecting is one case of “ having your hobby and drin kin g it, too. “ As many collectors have learned, cans must be emptied before being stored, or else the suds will slowly ooze out. 
Without a doubt, beer- can collecting is present­ ly the No. I fad collecti­ ble. In “ A B e g in n e r's 
Guide to B eer C a n s ,” author Thomas Teopfer 
•Tates that A m erican cans sh o u ld n ’t sell for more than $1 each. 
But now that dealers are “ into cans," expect prices to go way up — at least for a while. In fact, in answer to written re­ quests, some brew eries charge $1 for sending out empties. 
Beer-can collectors are narro w ing down s p e d - 

A COM IC BOOK COLLECTION CAN ADD UP 
... $1 5o for a copy of Captain Marvel* 

Part II 
Collecting the New 
Antiques 

Carling and Pabst Blue 
Ribbon. They are rarities because few cam e back to the United States; they sell for from $7 to $1*2 each. 
(J) Complete Series of 
Beer Cans Made by Indi­ vidual Brew eries — An exam ple is the M iss 
Rheingold series m ade from the 194os to the early 196os. 
A v a rie ty of 
Miss 
R heingolds had th e ir p ic tu re s on the cans; collectors estimate that a com plete set of the 2o 
Miss R heingold cans might well be priced into four figures. 
Pitfalls and Potentials 

Hies, just as all books do. 
A comic book that pur­ chased in the 193os for a dime could be sold to a collector today for from 
$1o to over $1oo 
The first Superman ad­ venture (1938) and the first Batman ( 1939) are now expensive collectors’ items, and an early Buck 
Rogers could cost you 
$5o. 
The cheapest place to find old comics remains is somebody’s basement or attic. But comics can't be torn or moldy; condi­ tion d e te rm in e s th e ir value. Rarity, or the first few issues of the series, also decide prices. Many 

 mens and dividing their collections into th re e categories: 
(1) Cone-top can s — 
T hese are the oldest. 
They were first made in 
1935 by the B. Krueger 
Brewing Co. of Newark, 
N.J. They w ere widely used until World War ll, when the “ flat to p s ” were in trod uced. Cone tops from the late 193os go for $1oo-up. 
(2) Beer Cans Used by 
World W ar II M ilitary 
F o rces A broad — To keep them from reflect­ ing and a ttra c tin g the enemy, these beer cans w ere colored a dark brown-black and lettered iii dull orange. 
Brewers who contri­ buted to their m anufac­ ture included Anheuser- 
Busch, 
R heingold, 

 of Beer-Can Collecting - of the a n tiq u e shops, known as no stalg ia shops, carry fine exam ­ ples. Prices are reasona­ ble. 
Potentials and Pitfalls of Comic-Book Collect­ ing: By trading with fel­ low collectors, a valuable collection can be built up gradually and cheaply. 
Beware of the reprints of 
S u p erm an and o th e rs sold as the original for high prices. 
Your local nostalgia shop owner can tell you how lo contact the collec­ tors’ club in your area and probably can sell you one of the many books about inventing in comic books. 
Trade cards 
During the 189os until the early 19oos, collecting trade cards was a popular hobby. In the same cate­ gory are baseball cards and cigarette cards. ll ail began after the 
Civil War, when business became competitive. To 

The worst that can hap­ pen is th at you spend huge amounts of money on c u rre n tly p o p u la r cans. T his is a highly sp ecu lativ e c o lle c to r’s market. Better to trade doubles or buy cheap. 
Pitfalls and Potentials of P rem ium Collecting: 
To be sure that you don’t pay for a phony, invest in a copy of “ Radio Serial and E arly T elevision 
P re m iu m 
C h e c k lis t” available at most book sto re s and at a n tiq u e shows. P re m iu m s a re definite collectibles and their value will continue to rise. 
Comic Books 

It se e m s like only y e ste rd a y that a te e n ­ ager with money in the bank spent $1 JKX) or more for the first Superm an comic Ixxik ever issued. 
And nottody laughed. 
For comic l>ooks have th e ir first-ed itio n I a r - 

 help the c u sto m e r r e ­ m e m b e r the p ro d u ct, trade cards were offered. 
They were usually in bright, eye-catching co­ lors with equally catchy slogans. Around 189o ad­ vertising cards were sold by the thousands to busi­ ness people. And when tra d e m a rk s cam e into widespread use around the turn of the century, product symbols became popular. 
Slightly different, but the sam e in principle, were the cigarette cards distributed in packages of cigarettes and tobaccr products. Their populari ty in the United States lasted from 1886 to a r ­ ound 1915. 
By World W ar I the trade card s’ popularity had ended. Still, many of the early cards have sur­ vived in sc ra p b o o k s. 
Look inside old Bibles and schoolbooks at book 

 shops and house and gift* age sales. 
When you d isco v er them first, prices ran^£ from a nickel to a quarter. R etail, prices can range from $1 to $5 — depending on age, condi­ tion, rarity and subject. 
Always p o p u la r a rc c a rd s w ith ea rly actresses, historical fi­ gures, old m ethods of tra n sp o rta tio n and 
19th-century products. 
Trade c a rd s from the 
193os depicting cartoon c h a r a c te r s , b aseb all players and airplanes are worth collecting, and arc still at budget prices. 
Pitfalls and Potentials of Trade Card Collecting. 
Cards are fun to collect, providing you don’t pay too much. A complete set of C u rrie r and 
Ives 
19th-century trade cards could set you back from 
$5o-ud in a shop. 

C o p y r ig h t C ) 1 9 7 7 b y A n n e G ilb e rt 
Tuesday: 
Catalogs, postcards and sheet music 

Garden club slates meet 

Woodlawn Garden Club will m e et at IO a.in , 
Thursday in the San An­ tonio Garden Center. 
Justin Duncan will give a “ Pre-Easter Slide Talk on the Holy Land.” 

<;i v i . \ k a 
P A I M A ? 
U r e a l Ii lak iiit* 
V U 'liir iu ii aim** 
% |tlic ri'. VV*, v a n lu-t'tiiiM ttlaii' f r o in 
I ti- I till. VV v ilil in n 
«■ 
% Im* tov i*e. olT ii'i' 

I 

 t a I * I i v e . S t o w 
I 
I i i . 

 l i r t l i « l a * e . a n n i w e 
- 

 e a r i v e . f l u f f v i e . 

 p r i v u t v i i i e * - n e . 
M M S I Al. 
It A K I.VG t i ) . 
N 2 6 - 2 3 7 I 

ORIENTAL RUGS 

 li n e Collection o f N e w a n d A ntique Hugs. Experts 
A vailable to Assist ll itll ) our Selection, t r i d a y , 
March l i t h through Tuesday, March I Atli Daily IO to 8, S a tu rd a y IO to J, S u n d a y I to >. 

11. H 
4 IO N 
I 

 a snit 
L r* lr* 
o 
I 

I 

 j u t 
J J 
Mum 

 ai JU 7 
11 v 

ANNUAL CLEARANCE SALE of 2 F h o m a $ Organ 

Demonstrators & Floor Models 

March IO thru 19 Only 
Whih they h it 
Up to 4o % OFF Regular Price 
M IW W A R R A N T Y • INCLUDES BEN CH 

NO TRADE-INS ACCEPTED ON THESE MODELS 

 new {Thomas o r g a n s 
MOo& 
HO. 
•71 
CELEBRITY ROYALE 
773o oo 
372 
MONTICELLO ... ..... 463o OO 
371 
MONTICELLO 
... 4396 oo 
267 
CALIFORNIAN QUAD ... 4158.oo 
2oo1 SPACE ODYSSEY ... 5221 OO 
184 
TROUBADOUR 
2414 oo 
287 
CALIFORNIAN 
ANTIQUE WHITE) ... 4845 OO 3149.oo 
CALIFORNIAN 
’SPANISH) .... 
2811oo 
MINSTREL C2 ... .... 1299 oo 
USED THOMAS ORGANS 
TROUBADOUR 
2414 oo 11o3 8o 
CALIFORNIAN QUAD ... 3585 oo 21o3.oo 
TROUBADOUR 
1764 oo 
1B93.Bo 
M any Otho* mob rn* an d M ed*Ii al LOW LOW PtPCfS 
"USS* cot onus omens! 
FANI 
NORTH 
HALA R 
"IO A WmmWOi 
(W IN , 
6f t I H O 
648 u l t 

263 

13o 

184 
367 
TIT 

SAU 
4631.oo 
29oo.oo 
277o.oo 
2343.oo 
343o.oo 
1793.oo 

1ooo.oo 
943.oo 

SAN ANTONIO EXPRESS— Mondoy March 14 1977 

 an A UNIT OF ALLIED STONES 
North Star March 

JOHN IG O AT BUFFET 
...chats with Mrs. G ray Nicholson at 
Library dinner 

MRS. T. J. W O M A C K AT REFECTORY 
...with Mr. and Mrs. Robert L. Flynn 

PHOTOS IV H M DI AN JB 
Parties stay down home 

 rattle am bled up to see what we w ere doing to d istu rb th eir quiet and peaceful world 
The tru ck sta rted up again and continued till 
Lisa Kefauver spotted the skeleton of a horse. 
She g a t h e r e d s e v e r a l arm loads of “ these m a r ­ velous h o n es” that she planned to draw and use for m a cram e and jewelry m a k in g . 
She a lso sk e tc h e d a fen ce post with wild flowers growing a lo n g s id e for a fu tu re picture. 
Joy and Stanley Price w ere Just back from a trip to New Orleans 
In the French Q uarter they glim psed Lynda (Welch) and Tom Lewis whose wedding they had attend­ ed in San Antonio just before their trip. 
At tin* 
Meyer home after the hayride. Carol 
Pruitt got supper under way. Sh(» was wearing a nautical shirt striped in blue, yellow, green and red with a m atching chif­ fon scarf and w hite slacks with patches in the sam e colors. 

Campbell of Ireland had given her in 1965. 
John Igo of San Anton­ io College m entioned the arc h iv es of the th e a te r and the perform ing arts he is a s s e m b l in g . A l­ ready. he has over 5,(1(111 ite m s of th e a tric a l m e ­ morabilia dating back to 
1868, and “ he h asn ’t even started yet." 
"T he Coronation of the 
Q u ee n d u r i n g 
F ie s t a 
Week is a theatrical pro­ duction, and I have only one program from all the 
Coronations. I’m going to w art the w orld for the next IO y e a rs.” 
O th e r w rite r s at th e dinner included 
Maggie 
(Mrs. 
Dan) 
Campbell, with six books to her c re ­ dit, and Almira Faiross, who helps 
Mrs. Camp­ bell with her editing. 
The new branch library to be opened in Ju n e in the old D avid C rockett 
E le m e n t a r y 
School building will be nam ed for 
Isabel Kazan. 
That a n n o u n c e m e n t b ro u g h t forth a burst of applause at the end of the dinner 

Bv EVE LYNN 
SAWYER 

The simple life kept coming up at parties we attended over the weekend. 
At a dinner the F riends of the San Antonio Public 
Library held in the T rin ­ ity University Refectory, 
Robert L. Flynn gave a humor-sprinkled account of his life, beginning with 

O N THE SOCIAL SCENt 

 w o rk in g in th e c o tto n - r a n c h h o m e of 
Ferd fields as a hoe hand. 
Meyer. 
At the lib ra ry p arty . 
Another day, about five Flynn, resident novelist c a r lo a d s of 
San A nton- at T ri n ity , sh o w ed his ians drove to Devine to go pungent wit in a talk well on a hayride and have a peppered with one-liners. c o u n try s u p p e r at t h e , w , 
1 
—------------------- w r i t e r 
^ 
“ When I was in school, f 
R 
I H I ■ ■ a w riter was som ebody 
I i i J* J A 
S n ulm was dead. 
. I deeid- 
I m s J r a i i i p cd to be a w riter iii (he 
' 
V t cornfield . . . I never m et a verb I did n ’t like” , are a few of the thoughts he expressed. 
Charles Austin, dean of the g ra d u a te c e n te r at 
Trinity, introduced 
Flynn as a novelist, hu­ m an ist. playw right and observer. 
Table decorations w ere them ed to St. Pat ric k ’s 
Day with sham rocks and green hats am ong the w hite m u m s on th e U- shaped tables. Green rib ­ bon stre a m e rs and green hurricane candles added m ore of the feeling. 
P re s id e n t 
Mrs. T.J. 
Womack had b ro u g h t along th e g re e n , w hite and orange Irish flag that 
V ice C onsul P a tr ic k 

YOUR OLD MATTRESS 

M A T T R E S S C O 

 it FACTORY 
1312 S. HACKBERRY 
534-6195 
Devine 

T he country p arty iii 
Devine w as a return-to- n a t u r e a f te rn o o n h i g h ­ lig h te d by fie ld s of b lo o m in g b lu e b o n n e ts , w ine c u p s , w ate rm elo n pink phlox, and lavender verbena. 
Meyer drove the red pickup truck pulling the fla tb e d t r a i l e r on th e hayride. 
Jack Dix. Cor­ nel S arosd v and Ned 
Hays tossed hales of hay on the flatbed, and the ride began. 
Woody 
W oodring s h o u te d w a r n i n g s of lo w -h an g in g b r a n c h e s , and was also first to spot two deer running in the brush. Dix and Sarosdy got off the w agon at a d eer blind with ca m eras and wildlife recordings. 
They played rabbit, deer, and woodpecker cries to see what they could a t­ tract to he photographed. 
Cynthia Sarosdy and th e r e s t of th e cro w d stayed on the wagon. 
Pc ley Gordon tied a blue b an d an a over her hair. and 
Alync Woodring stuck a yellow flower in the band of her straw bat. 

Down by the pond we s to p p e d a n d w a tc h e d about 4(1 wild ducks take off aud resu m e their m i­ g ra tio n . S o m e c u rio u s 

Prenuptial 

Mrs. Pruitt is expect­ ing a visit from her son and daughter - in - law , 
Kenneth and Shari Pruitt from D allas. They are c o m in g for p r e n u p ti a l parties being given by for 
Suzanne C beever an d 
Jim my Goudge. 
Mae Dix and P etey 
Gordon both h ad e a r ­ rings jarred off someway on the ride, but fortuna­ tely found th e m 
John 
Kefauxer, Stanley Price, 
Jack Gordon and Julie 
Hays decided to stay at the Meyer home instead of taking the hayride 

* SOUTHSIDE 
814 S.W . M ILITARY 
924-5o95 

♦ NORTHSIDE 
2436 NACOGDOCHES 
" 824-6373 

OPEN M O N . TILL 8 P.M. 
SHOP NOW 

WE’RE LOADED WITH FAMOUS LABEL SPRING FASHIONS 
• MISSES & JR. 
• DRESSES 
• JUMPSUITS 
• PANT SUITS 
• SPORTSWEAR 
• LINGERIE 
• SW IMSUITS SAVE 
• JEANS 
UP 
• T-TOPS 
TO 

 a \ T o u t t * ' 
Relatives of the 
H ayses, Julie (Norton) and Dr. Ned Keidel have moved into a hom e they bought on M orningside. 
He i s a form er resident o f 
F red erick sb u rg n o w sta ­ tioned at Brooke General 
Hospital. 
T h e 
K ied els a r e having a dinner party i i i their hom e this Monday to introduce some of their co u sin s to each other. 
Jim Hays, a sen io r al 
Texas A&M will go with 
Penny Perry, a graduate of Cordon Bleu and now using what she learned in 
Paris working with 
Don 
Strange. 
Penny’s brother, Jay 
Perry, will la k e 
Lisa 
Allen to the dinner. 

OFF 
NATL 
ADV. 
PRICES 
NOW! 

CtlSE OUR L A Y A W A Y 

S A V I O N FA M O U S 
LABEL FA SH IO N S 
Dave id /o to DU7o on our entire stock of luxury furs! 

We have moved our entire stock of fine quality furs to one convenient location and reduced them to the lowest prices of the season. Take ad­ vantage of this special sale for next season. Many are one-of-a-kind, so hurry to save! Fur Salon, North Star only. 

Here's a sampling of our savings! 

Miss Patsy Huser, p re­ sident ut the >in Antonio 
PSO J u n io r V olunteers w as p r e s e ll- cd wi t h a c e r tif ic a te or a p p r e c i a ­ tion from the San Antonio 
M etropolitan I so Coun­ cil 
Miss Huser has lH*en a 
Junior Volunteer for the pant seven years and was 
I SO queen 111 187*2 Last year she donated 715 v i m lunteer hours to the I SO which is celebrating its wh i c h c e l e b r a t e d its 
JHIh., a n n iv e rs a ry last month 

Natural Autumn Haze* mink cape, reg 75o OO ........................... 
Natural Cerulean* mink 3/a coat, reg 16oo oo ................................... 
Natural blue fox jacket, reg. 9oo OO..................................................... . 
Natural Tourmaline* mink stroller, reg 28oo oo ............................... 
Natural Autumn Haze* mink stroller, reg 2ooo oo ......................... 
Natural Tourmaline* mink cape jacket, reg. 12oo oo ......... ............ 

Natural red fox cape, reg. 4oo oo ........................................................... 
Color added ranch mink full length coat, reg. 48oo OO .................. 
Natural Shadow* mink 3/a coat, req. 28oo.oo ...................................... 

Natural Tourmaline* mink full length coat, reg 36oo OO ............. 
Natural Cerulean* mink cape, reg. 1ooo oo ...................................... 
Natural Tourmaline* mink stole, reg 8oo oo ............... ............ ......... 
Natural ranch mink Va coat, reg 28oo oo , ...................................... 

Natural Lunaraine* mink stroller, reg 28oo oo 
......................... 

Natural rabbit pant coat, reg 2oo oo . 
................................. 
Natural Autumn Haze* mink aud leather pant coat, reg 95o oo 
Natural Tourmaline* mink cape, reg 9oo oo 

Dyed broadtail processed lamb with dyed mink trim, reg 1,15o 
Natural Lunaiatne* Hunk coat, reg 38oooo 
, 
,, 

DIAMOND SALON 

Rubies and diamonds in a white gold ring 

3/8 carat of diamonds in a yellow gold cross 

This 14 karat yellow gold cross is sot with 
Slovan »pcn khug diamonds totaling 4o carat and accented with black enamel . . a gilt she wilt treasure forever 
Diamond Salon, 
Downtown. North Star and Windsor Park 

A spectacular 14 karat white go) with 3 13 carat ai marquise and ro and 2 CK) carat oi marquise and I mortds Diamond Salon, Downtown a1 selection North Star and Wuidso h l t l u q Im * k t h a t link lint wa! vt 

Illustration en larg ed to straw d ata illustration enlarged t 

AH.* BUT, WHEN KE PRINKS 
MUCH, ONE IS — m RANGER 
HE IS THEN A -A BRUTE 

 liste n ' i s a c v E 
HE RINGS FOR 

DENNIS THE MENACE 

“Do you mind? We're reorronging furniture!" 
Don t nover throw rocks at airplanes, Joey! When I go to visit my gramps I'm gonna be siftin’ by a WINDOW!" 

> 
O a 

W V g o v , L . L T 

\ ( t^ L 
T E .P K C H 
V O O j \ t m c . V a n lu e : C P - 
- J A O 
. x’ 

\ K i h ' U ^ A i J D 
T IA 
\ 
TW t<5 l U M - P V N O T C 
IV 
HfVS> L.ELF~T 
S O U V JV T H P\ 
/ ' V x o v o u t s j o 
K H S P T - C T y 
' 
^ 
— 
T O K 

H E _ V , T O P ? 
Cf\N4 I 
H P W t 
^ q u w t l k 
? 

 these duck*. 
.... 
ANO TINDEL?, JUD. a n d IT WAS 
(SOOD or vOu TD PCK AND 

L e i S S e * i t ^ k ^ r e V ) a n i j D j a t v A tc r e t*>^p 

B Y T R I C K Y R I C K Y 

I 
Blushing British Int* 
III 

2 Srhlilr, darling (Ii 

Every w ordy curdy answer is a rhyming pair of words (like I rue Blue. 
Blain Jane, and Humpty Durn ply I 
Read the dehnilion. then Ihink rd two rhyming weirds that will fit in the kiter squares. The number aller the definition tells you how nuny ty lluhles in each word of the rhyming pair 

.I Jacks girl friends medicine tablets (I) 

I hanks and 
SIO lo 
Mrs 
Martin 
Pedersen of 
Chicago, IL for «4. 
Send your entry lo this newspaper. 

4. I he equator (11 

5. Hits little kids ( ll 

J' 
6. Big Pauls scallions (2| m n 
7. t.old used for decorating a skyscraper <2| a i u 

 ta. 

ONMIIIU ‘'MCI ll It] I KMIIM* SS V AN IU • KSRAX SS lf IM Ak f 
MIMI-* Mins j »in uh v n ir t mvsu mash t ass ohm i mummiv 

 rfxim 

' ' / L e t ^ t r y a httfcfar: 

• ( a v — 
14 
‘ * — 
------- o v e r ( W>5 u j a y 

GENERAL T E N D E N ­ 
CIES: 
Be bure you un­ d erstan d all fa cts and figure* of an agreem ent you have m ade with other*, and then you can attain the progre** that 
I* important to your fu­ ture well-being 
RMliS (Mar ll la Apr 
It! 
Don I Im forceful with Ina ane you (ova 
I n o o se in p h ilo s* 
Dine ut mutters and aet e iceiie n l results. D e n t critic we others so 

TAURUS (Aer M ta Ma* MI 
VOO edit improve VOO' oppeur once au d then aa a lle r vao r aim s with enthusiasm strive tor mc r co MKI happutesj 
, C t M i NI (MOV lf to J o e * 111 

M O O N CHIL D H I R ( to n e f ) Ie 
Jolt til A puou ttme ta aa atta* tho! OOM VOO need lo o«». tome 

I to i J d t l l la A a a ( l l 
I 
‘I# I filii * 
%C #% WI N#f£i I 

 lawu (Awa it ta Vnm H i i# cTcmt iu e*OUnd in The 

 voo or* hooped tnaoaa wt new soc mi activities In spore time 
. Cit RA (leat l l t* Oct. t i l 
Don’t beglad Importont work owottin* voor ottentlon. find better wove of getting ahead. 
Show kindness to Others, 
' SCORPIO (Oct IS Ie Nov 
111 
Although you or* disappointed where some work is concerned, voo find assoc .oles give voo a big boost now 
S A G I T T A R I U S (N e v , I t t* 
Doc l l ) 
I. sprees your creative 
•deos to th* bast o f your ability. 
Com* to o better under standing with .Jssoclutes 
C A PR IC O R N (Dec. It to Jen 
MI 
A new protect could prove very successful to voo at this tim * 
A void on opponent who could (to yOv herm 
AQUARIUS ( Jan l l to Pe* 
ITI kind the right way to Tnt prove carter moilers so you con bt more ku uA tktvl th the tutor*. 
I hint confit we lf yf i« 
PtSCRS ( P o i 
M to mar 
Dbl am the doter , the rt(psi sources Listen ie th# views af ossa* a 1** and coma lo 
O belter under standing with them 
IP Y O U R ( N I L O t i R O R N 
TO D A Y n« ai she could f* w * be em# successful, so ba sore to give Itta east ado*alien vow can and d ire c t ti e lo n a erg* tic at m»os Teach net ta ae so emohartcP amt to rise abave th# petty thmgt gf nip Dan I neglect agad * a* tatoos training 

TODAT’S CUSSWORD PUZZLE 

UNITED Feature Syndicate 

ACR O SS 

I — .. luego 
Sp good­ by® 
6 Numerical prgfu 
IO italian island 
14 S o re ls • 

15 Armed cavelrymen 
Vat 
16 Labrador ore 
1 7 Thrown 
18 Learn by inquiry 
19 Made a present of 
2o Postponed 
2 words 
22 More taut 
24 Man s name 
26 Furnishes services 
27 Arrived Ate mean 
3o Do the same 
31 Disencumbers 
32 U S hickory tree 
37 Black cuckoo 
38 More substantial 
AO Finial ornament 
At Allowing 
•ntry. 2, words 
43 Pressed 

 beneath the feet 
44 Can prov 
45 Telephone for the d eaf 
48 Something seldom taken 
51 Not ever 
52 Telephone users 
54 Rhetorical understatement 
58 Hot and cold shakes 
59 Compound suffix 
61 Vigilant 
62 Cover with 

63 £og no mer 
64 Gat new tenants 
65 Small auHix 
66 Football field 
67 Garment 

Saturdays® Puuie Solved 

HOT 

DOW N 

1 Jumble 
2 Showing talent 

8 Talk of the trade 
9 Serve as a sign of 
1o Weighing lass 
11 Angry 
12 English seaport 
13 Singaltons 
21 Pear shaped fruit 
23 Ona expressing wonderment 
3 Personification 25 One of a 
4 Flammable aeries materials 
5 W isconsin community 
6 Luggage container 
V#r 2 words 
7 High priest 

27 — Sea 
U S S R waterbody 
28 Hollywood street 
29 Rewrite 
33 Made gaudy Brit 

34 Ancient arsonist 
35 Preposition 
36 Ocean movement 
36 Kind of pie 
39 Going in 
42 — jouy 
Cotton fabric 
43 Pitcher 
46 Egg Prefix 
47 Firecracker 
48 W ise saying 
49 Finger 
5o Leap over 
53 isolated rook 
55 Revelation 
56 Menages somehow 
57 Cliques 

6o Nice friend 

IAIA i i IM 
U M U k l 

M I l f mn 

 ixprgfs-News Wan! Ads 225-1666 

Sgt. 
Ben L. Watts of the San Antonio Air Lo­ gistics 
C e n te r’s 
Detachment 4o at Kelly 
AFB has been awarded the Joint Service Com­ mendation Medal. 
A 2954th Combat Lo­ gistics Support Squadron supervisor, 
S. Sgt. 
Jackie Parkerson, who developed a new ship­ ment proced ure, has been named 
Non 
Commissioned 
Of­ ficer of the Quarter at 
Kelly AF B. 
Brig. Gen. Charles E . 
Williams J r ., who began his m ilitary ca rcer in 
194o as an aviation cadet, retired Monday at Ran­ dolph AFB. 
Capt. Joseph E. Cattan 
Jr.. who is attending the 
Army Medical D ep art­ ment Officer Advanced 
Course at the Academy of 

Health Sciences, has re­ ceived the Army Com­ m endation Medal for m eritorious service as com m anding o fficer, 
Medical Company, U.S. 
Army Medical D epart­ ment Activity, Ft. Bragg, 
N.C. from Feb. 13, 1974, to Dec. 15, 1976. 
Airman l.C. 
Markus 
N. Barb received the Air 
F o r ce 
Com m endation 
Medal for duty in South­ east Asia. 
S. 
Sgt. 
Sam uel 
Gonzales J r . was hon­ ored as the 

ATTENTION! 
All Kids 12 Years Old and Under! 
Now You Can Win FREE TICKETS TO SEE 

< S iThe 
I flipper and 

I Ik* St or y of C inderel la 

IN T H E 
E X P R E S S / 
SANTIKOS 
NEWS 
/ 
THEATERS 
FAVORITE FAIRY 
TALES QUIZ! 
Just answer all the question* below correctly and you can win tree tickets to see the new THE SLIP­ 
PER 
AND THE 
ROSE movie coming to the 
Northwest Six on March 25! II more than One correct entry is received, a drawing will be held to determine winners! 

AGE CATEGORIES: 
3-6 Years Old 
6-9 Years Old 
9-12 Years Old 

First place winner in each category will bo awarded an album Rom ’Tho Slipper and the 
Rose'' plus lour tickets to see the show! 
Two Runners-Up in Each Category Will Receive 
Two Movie Tickets Each. 

EXPRESS-NEWS/SANTIKOS 
FAIRY TALE QUIZ 

1 The Owl and the Pussy Cat went to sea with some honey and plenty ol money. What was the color ol their beautiful boat ? ________ ____________________ 

2 Hansel ielt a trail ol bread as he and Gretel were led into the deep lores! so that they could iind their w a/ home again Who ate the bread?— 

3 The Emperor loved to wear tine clothes What was the color ot the Emperor s New Clothesc— --------- 

4 The Ugly Frog was swimming in a well when he heard a lovely princess weeping. What did the princess want the trog to bring up Irom the bottom ol the well to stop her weeping?--------------- 

5. Sleeping Beauty wasn't tired but she pricked her linger and lei! sound asleep How many years did site sleep? 
------ 

6. Benny Penny was a worrisome old hen with Hat lee! and a bent beak She was scratching tor corn in the yard when she was hit on the I ie ad What struck ber? 
.. 

7. Once upon a time there was a boy born so small that he was almost invisible. His lather sold him tor a tine piece ot gold What was bis n am e!-------------- 

8 The little elves stitched shoes tor the old "S m o k e r in the middle ol the night by Hie light ol the stars 
What gilts did the shoemaker and his wile leave tor the elves? , 
____ 

9 There was a horrid little man who could spin gold out ol straw What was hi* nam#?— .. 
« 

Non-Commissioned O f­ ficer of the Quarter at the 
Officer Training School at Lackland AFB. 
Capt. John C. Totten, son of retired Air Force 
Col. and Mrs. Jerry M. 
Totten of San Antonio, has been decorated with the Combat Readiness 
Medal at F r a n c is E . 
Warren AFB, Wyoming. 
1st Lt. 
Louis E. Hud­ speth, son of Mr. and 
Mrs. Carl Hudspeth of 
San Antonio, has re -: ceived his first oak leaf cluster of the Air Force' 
Commendation Medal at; 
Camp Red Cloud, R e-! public of Korea. 
S. Sgt. Al Prochoroff, son of retired Air Force 
Col. and M rs. G eorge 
Prochoroff of Universal 
City, has been awarded the Military Airlift Com­ mand Quarterly Writing 
Award. He is at Dyess 
AFB in Abilene. 
T. Sgt. 
Jim m ie D. 
Cathey has been named 
O utstanding 
S erv ice 
Technician of the Year for the Air T ra in in g 
Command. He is at Hes- sisch Oldendorf Air Sta­ tion in G erm any. His w ife, 
M ary, is the daughter of Mr. and Mrs. 
Tony M artinez of San 
Antonio. 

Sparring planned or city cam paign 

I" 
ATTACH THIS COUPON TO YOUR ENTRY 
, 
PLEASE AND MAIL ENTRY AND COUPON 
ITO S HART, 41o1 San Pedio St San Antonio Te< 
*?8212 
II NA M E a g e leemmmma 
___ 

D istrict 2 candidates for the city council will face off at 7:3o p.m . 
Monday at the Carver 
Cultural 
Com m unity 
Center, 226 N. Hackberry 
St. 
The meeting is spon­ sored by Residents O r­ ganized for Better and 
Beautiful Environmental 
Development (ROBBED). 
Candidates are to give their positions on drain­ age, streets, junk yards, vacant lots, and housing. 
In another m eetin g, three of the m ajor can ­ didates for m ayor 
—Mayor Lila Cockrell, 
John Monfrey, and Dr. 
Jose San Martin—are to discuss the issues of the campaign at noon 
Tuesday. 
The three candidates will address the South 
Side business and pro­ fessional men at the Pe­ can Valley Golf Club. 

Thursday rally 

All the mayoral candi-, dates have been invited to a ‘’Meet the Mayoral 
Candidates” rally at 7:3o p.m . T hursday in the 
C arver C ultural C om ­ munity Center. Sponsor of that function is the 
Black Unity Coordinating 
Council. 

F iv e of the m ayoral candidates are scheduled to p a rticip a te in a mayoral forum sche­ duled for 
7:3o p.m. 
Thursday in the Chap­ man G rad uate C enter 
Auditorium at T rin ity 
University. It was erron­ eously reported earlier the m eeting would be held Wednesday. 

Candidates participat­ ing are Mayor Lila Cock­ rell, Dr. Jose San Martin, 
George Bigley, the Rev. 
L. C. G lasco and Saul 
Jasso. 

Councilman Al Rohde has formally opened his campaign headquarters at 333 Valley 
III Drive, lie promised supporters at the opening he will m aintain an open door policy. Rohde is running for re-election from Dis trict 6. 

Billa rally in due today 

CITY 
I 
I 
I 
I 
> v 
£ IN HY 
N ' 
N 
DAY 
I MARCH ti WINNERS WIL. in ANN 
« ’ID IN THE] yiUNPAY EXPRESS NEWS UN MARCH 

* it> I uunciliiiiiii Bob 
B illa , running for re election iii District 3. nil 
Hold a cam paign rally 
Monday al 
M ission 
I ouniy Park 
Ttu* event will be from 
7 lo ti p iii. and wit feature food, beverages and m usical en terta in ­ ment. It will bs* open to the public, 

SPRING CLEARANCE 
SALE 
HAMMOND 
ORGANS 
N ow Include Great Savings 
And A $26o Music Package 

Our Spring floor model clearance brings you terrific savings on the 
Dolphin 9 7 1 2M. With all the marvelous features that make it such a breeze for the whole family to ploy — Auto Vari 28 with 7 rhythms . . . twenty one-finger chords so the organ takes over the major part of playing . . . note a chord for visual memory . . . authentic orchestral and percussive sounds . . . and patented re­ verberation that brings full, rich, majestic sound right into your liv­ ing room. See the complete Dolphin package listed below. 

Hammond Dolphin Organ at our $46o savings: 

Dolphin # 9 7 1 2 M O rgan 
R e g. $ 1 6 8 8 

Music Book Collection, 
Reg. 1 7 5 

Set of Headphones, 
Regular 4 5 

8 Introductory lessons, 
Re c k 4 o 

Total Value 
$ 1 9 4 8 sale *1488 

 sale *3295 complete 

R»g. 13888 Hammond Aurora Organ & 126o 
Music Package at a 1853 saving. 
A dtiuis Hammond >pmst organ that sounds like o con 

 sol*! features ptono, prana sol*, bon)*, harpsichord ond 

Auto Aaompontm*nt Floor model to**! 

 aal* *4295 complete 

Reg 14888 Hammond Monarch Organ i 126o 
Music Package at a 1853 saving. 
A spectacular boturt loden consol* no orgon butt con 

 tests! Splendid a Contemporary Walnut Beautiful od 

 dr Non to your home ond homo lite* 

Here s what the complete S26o special organ 

 music package includes... 
7 fosy Play Books, 8 Autochord Books, 6o Sheets of Music and Speck!) Effects Book, PIUS the regular 145 set of quality 
Earphones ond 8 organ lessons values at 14o. A total 126o package! sale $895 
Reg. $1153 famous name spinet piano in contemporary walnut styling . . . now sale priced at a $258 saving! 

This is the year you vowed to start your family on piano lessons! 
Do it! And save $258 in the bargain. Choose your famous name spinet in Early American, 
Italian, 
Mediterranean, or French provincial also at sale prices. Built to last with a "lifetime 
Warranty” and to give a lifetime of joy. Bench included. 

•al. ‘ 159o 
Reg. $ 1 8 9 o K A W A I Console 

Reg. $ 1 7 9 o Everett Console 
Mony styles ot 12oo to 13oo savings 

(hoot* horn I* * * . Calomel. Sp*"'**. Nod**. 
It Oilton#, f»*«ch tfylmft A pcotosMoeel achoo. o u o IIo m too* pone Aik about pmaoi e h ** gu*oni*«» the! pen* Hoyt rn 
|.,nC Lruwf 8afidii 

*995 average retotl 
Reg. $1595 average retail 
M any compact 
5 ft. pre-owned 
Grand Pianos, ideal for todays home. 
All Bargains: list includes: Baldwin 
(Howard), Henry F. Miller, Kurtzman, 
Shomer, Otto Grauw, Ivers & Pond, etc., Bench optional. 

AS IS" Pionos of all stares. For the bargain minded who wont to repair themselves and save. $ I OO each. 
DOWNTOWN 
MAIN AND MARTIN 
224 - 5526 _ 

F R E E 

NORTH STAR 
WEST ENTRANCE 
344-o248 
WONDERLAND 
LOWER LEVEL 
732*8259 

PARKING 
FREE 
CO U RSE OF M U SIC 
INSTRUCTION t e r m s 
TO MEET 
YO UR N EED S 

Watts 
Cattan 
Parkerson 
Williams 
Gonzales 
Barb 
Sergeant at Kelly is presented medal 

SAN ANTONIO EXPRESS— Mondoy March 14 1977 
Feud boils over air freight rates 

NEW YORK (AP) — Bargain rates on air freight shipments between the United Kingdom and the 
United States have touched off an international dispute among airlines. 
At the heart of the controversy are discount rates allowed since January by British Airways. 
Under what it calls “ instructions” by the British government, the airline has been undercutting established rates on certain shipments to the United 
States. 
American carriers have protested but cannot respond to the British move because the U.S. Civil 
Aeronautics Board has ruled the British rates are discriminatory. 

Pan American World Airlines have held talks with the British on the dispute, while Seaboard World 
Airways, a U.S. freight-only carrier, has refused to take part in the discussions. 
The new rates involve 23 to 42 per cent discounts on specific commodities and also allow lower prices if a shipper agrees in advance to send a minimum amount of material over a year. 

According to David Coltman, British Airways’ cargo marketing chief, the lower rates are expected to boost airline revenue by $5 million a year and already have increased shipments by 4o per cent, apparently at the expense of American lines. 

Helps Shrink Swelling Of 
Hemorrhoidal Tissues Hue To 
Inflammation. Relieves Pain & Itch. 

. . . Gives prompt temporary relief from hemorrhoidal pain and itch in many cases. 

Doctors have found a remark ably successful medication that actually helps shrink swelling of hemorrhoidal tissues when infected and inflamed. And it does more 
In m any cases it gives relief for hours from pain 

 and itching in these tissues. 
T ests by doctor* proved this true in m any cases. 
T he medication used was Prep aration H. And no prescription is needed for Preparation H \ 
Ointment or suppositories. *nV 

Schrader 
AIR PRESSURE 
6AU6E 

Quality high pressure gauge m easures in 2 lb increm ents from 
2o to 12o lbs 

* 1 3 9 
I E A C H 

Compare at ^3 4o and up pressure in 
\ tires, especially 
* radials, is im portant to your petting all the mileage built into thei 

" F r e e s t o n e 
ROAD ATLAS by Rand-McNally 

148 big pages including 
16 page t amping guide 
Additional 
33 95 each 

DRESS A SUIT 
TRAVEL BASS 

Additional 
32 98 each 

GOLF BALLS by m a e G n o f& i 

Power packed conte r > 

 of 3 
A d d it io n a l b o ll* 
‘ 1 25 each 

Poge 
6-B 
SAN ANTONIO EXPRESS— Mondoy March 14 1977 
Freedom train to carry fares on its final run 

Students produce poetry 

By SARA MARTINEZ 
Tho power is there in the railroad engine — steam h issin g as the train starts rolling and the conductor yells the; familiar “all aboard!” 
This is not a scene from days gone by. 
And it is not an ordin­ ary steam engine. This engine powered the 
A m erican 
Freedom 
Train for two years, tak­ ing it to all corners of the country. 
The locomotive ended its tour of duty in Miami, 
Fla., and, after a three- dav trip, is being stored in Birmingham, Ala. 
“The American Free- dom Foundation request­ ed Amtrak to return the engine to its home in 
Portland, O re.,” said 
Jim Bryant of Amtrak. 
Granted 
Paul ll. Reistrup, Am­ trak president, agreed to the foundation’s request and the engine is now shaking off its storage cobwebs, injecting life into its blood lines. 
“ The Freedom Train transported only exh i­ bits,” Bryant said. But 
Amtrak has planned a 
19-day passenger-excur- sion so railroad afficion- ados can be aboard a steam engine as it re­ turns home. 
“ ll is a ‘4-8-4’ north­ ern-type engine, weigh­ ing 85o,ooo pounds with its tender,” Bryant said. 
The tender carries oil and extra water. 
“Tho baggage car will be opened, with bars, so people can get a closer look at the engine and record the sound of the steam en gin e,” Bryant said. 
Dome cars 
“You’d be surprised at the number of steam en­ gine fans who record its sounds,” Bryant said. 
Amtrak has also re­ quested clearance to have chime cars so pas­ sen gers can see the steam engine much bet­ ter. Bryant said. 
The locom otive w ill leave Birmingham April 
13, starting its 3.655-inilc trip to Portland via New 
O rleans. La. and Los 
Angeles. Calif., stopping in 61 cities or towns. 
It will arrive in Port­ land May I, A m trak’s sixth birthday. 
The train will travel from Houston to San An­ tonio April 17, with stops in Rosenberg. Schulen- berg and Seguin. 
San Antonio 
Passengers will spend 
April 18 in San Antonio. 
The visit coincides with 
San Antonio's F iesta celebration. 
The train will leave 
San Antonio for Sander­ son April 19. 
“Sanderson only has 18 m otel room s,” Bryant said. “ The crew will probably stay there, but the passengers will be bused to Alpine where they will be treated to ail authentic barbeque.” 
Fro»jn.Siunieq»on, the train'will proceed to El 
Paso, then on to 
C alifornia, and finally 
Portland. 
SAHA to open projects 

The San Antonio Hous­ ing Authority will soon have two new projects open for low-income fa­ milies. 
In Northeast San An­ tonio, the Cross Creek, a 
66-unit complex at 2818 
Austin Hwy., will be completed by May. The developers are Business 
World Centers, Inc., and the cost was $1,o36,84o. 
In Southeast San x\n- tonic, the I Ugli View , a 
68-unit complex at 1351 
Rigsby St., will be fin­ ished by June. 
A pplications for the apartments are currently being taken by the hous­ ing authority 

M rs. W ray 
J f e a t u r e d 

Margaret Wray is the featured artist for March at the Uakwell Library, 
4134 Harry V\ or/bach 
Road. 
Flic current exhibit in* eludes collage, acrylic's and watercolors 

“The trip will be made in daylight segm ents of about 3oo miles per day,” 
Bryant said. 
“ P a s­ sengers can reserve seats for part of a day, one day or several days.” 

“We expect most of the traffic to be local traffic, with p assengers going from Houston to San An­ tonio or San Antonio to 
Sanderson,” Bryant said. 
Complete information on the passenger-exeur- sion w ill be available through all Amtrak tick­ et and travel agents 
Tuesday. 
To reserve a seat, call 
Am trak’s toll free number, 1-8oo-421-832o. 
"I urge passengers to make reservations as soon as possible.” Bryant 

 said. Full capacity is about 8oo, “ but we will have an 18-car train if there is enough of a de­ mand.” 
Special fare 
As a sp ecial induce­ ment to encourage steam engine fans to take the entire trip. Amtrak is of­ fering a special $299 fare for the 19-day excursion. 
Another special fare, a combination of the full- trip fare and a 14-day 
USA rail pass, will be of­ fered for $399. 
“This will enable pas­ sengers to go on the full excursion and have an additional 14 days on 
Amtrak.” Bryant said. 
Children’s fares are 25 per cent off the adult rates. 

LT. COL. GEORGE 
STANSELL 
, . . selected for schooling 

After two w eeks of 
“ poetry calesth en ics,” 
Ursuline Academy stu­ dents produced two books of poetry and the seeds of a literary publication. 
Under the program 
“ Poetry in S ch o o ls,” funded by a grant from the Texas Commission on the Arts and Humanities, 
Ursuline students came face-to-face with 
Susan 
B right, 
P oet-in-R esi- dence. 
Officer set for 
War College 

Lt. Col. G eorge A. 
Stansell, director of ad­ m inistration for Head­ quarters, U.S. Air Force 
Security 
Service, has been chosen to attend the 
Air War College at Max­ well AFB. Ala 
Air War College is the senior military school of the Air Force. 

It prepares senior of­ ficers for high command and staff positions 

 through a 1o-month cur­ riculum designed to mo­ tivate and challenge the students. 
Stansell, who has been in his position at USAFSS since June 1973, is among about 29o students chosen to begin studies Aug. 2. 
The 1959 graduate of 
Texas A&M received his commission through the 
Reserve Officer Training 
Corps program at the school. 

Miss 
Bright spent a week in the classrooms stimulating the students to think poetry in their everyday selves. 
The St. Mary’s Univer­ sity 
Chemistry 
De­ partment received a 
$7,ooo gift from a St. 
M ary’s alum na to be used for scholarships for chemistry majors. 
The money, which will provide a $5oo annual sch olarsh ip , w ill be known as the Brother Jo­ seph L. Siemer Scholar­ ship. 
Siemer, a professor of chem istry, has been a member of the St. Mary’s faculty since 1943. 

The alumna, Dr. Mary 
T. Sullivan Cyr, received a bachelor of scien ce degree in chemistry in 
1949. She presently is a practicing anesthe­ siologist in Redwood Ci­ ty, Calif. 
T w enty-five new members recently were inducted into the South­ side High School Chapter of the National Honor So­ ciety. 
New members include 

Sandra Ashley, George 
A tlee, David C astillo, 
Adelita De La Garza, Ri­ chard De Leon, John Joe 

G arcia, Velm a Garza, 
Rosalinda Gonzales, Bet­ ty Guerra. Sylvia Guerra and Ray Kimberly 

Other members are 
Cynthia Lopez, Maureen 
M atthew s, 
Sharon 
McCarter, Judy Murray, 
M arie 
J esse 
N ajera, 
Judy Oliver and 
Alicia 
Palacios. 

Also inducted were 
Mary Poole, Leslie Ro­ driguez, Linda R odri­ guez, Rudy Ruelas, Da­ vid Sanders, C harles 
W illiam s and 
Betty 
Jean Yarborough. 
Analysis workshop set 

A two-day course in 
Transactional Analysis will be offered March 
25-26 by the University of 
T exas Health Science 
Center at San Antonio. 
The workshop is d e­ signed primarily for pro­ fessio n a ls in m ental health, human behavior and com m unication fields although it is open to everyone wanting to learn and use TA in their personal life and work. 
The two-day workshop will be conducted by Dr. 
Robert Cortner, assistant professor of psychiatry 

 at the health scien ce center and clinical pro­ visional teaching m em ber of the 
International T ransac­ tional Analysis Assn. 
The program will be at the University of Texas at San Antonio Lutcher 
Center in Terrell Hills 

 beginning at 6:3o p.m. 
March 25 and continuing the next day from 9 a.m. to 6 p.m. 
Advance registration may be made by contact­ ing the Office of Continu­ ing Education Services, 
696-6295, at the health science center. 

Mayor of San Antonio — Write in candidate 

V o t e f o r J o h n S a u c e d a 
Independent D em ocrat 

Vote for a Free and Youth & Preventive Medicine Healthy S.A. 

March 14-29. Absentee Vote Recommended rd. rot. Adv. raid for by John O. Sowcoda, 1o3 W. Crockett 

. 
. t c o 
- 

RADIAL DELUXE CHAMPION * 
BLENIS WHITEWALLS 

ER78x14 1 2 9 . 9 5 
HR78x14 
1 5 9 . 9 5 

FR78x14 1 3 5 . 9 5 
GR78x15 
1 4 9 . 9 5 

GR78x14 1 4 9 . 3 5 iR78-i s 
1 8 5 . 9 5 
+ F.E.T. 2.41-3.28 AND TIRE OFF YOUR CAR 

BLEMS 

195R7oX13----- 4 FOR 
DR78X14------- 4 FOR 

ER78X14— -— 
4 FOR 

F78X14--------- 4 FOR 

GR78X14------ 4 FOR 

GR78X15------ 4 FOR 

HR78X15---------4 FOR 

LR78X15------- 4 FOR 

$ 
$ 
$ 
$ 
$ 
$ 
$ 

$ 

FEI2-26 Ex To 3.44 Ea. plus 

1 3 9 * 5White 

I 3 9 
Black 

I 4 9 * * White 

I 5 9 95Wh.te 
I o 9 95Wh«». 

I 7 4 95White 

I 7 6 * * Black 

I 8 9 95 Black 
Trade in Tire 

,977 n»<« c,r w h i t . w i " 
SALE on DOUBLE BELTED 
Deluxe Champion WHITEWALLS! 
S A V E *62 t o *1o8 per set of 4 
4 for 
TI6 
A78 13 
Plus $1.73 F E T per tire and 4 old tires 

4 for 
T26 
Sizes B.C and E78-14. 
Plus $1 88 to $2 26 
F E T. per tire and 
4 old tires 

4 for 
T46 
Sizes F78 14 15 
G78 14.15. 
Plus $2 42 to $2 65 
P E T per tire and 
4 old tires 
I HjH ■ 
.. 

4 for 
166 
Sizes H 78-14.15. 
J78 14.15; L78*15. 
Plus 42 8o to S3 12 
F.E.T 'per tire and 
4 old tires 

BLEMS 

A6oX13 — $3 1 5o 
D6oX13 — $3 3 * ° 
E6oX14 — * 3 5 “ f6oX14 — * 3 7 “ 
66oX14 — $3 8 so 
H6oX14 — * 3 9 “ 

COMPACT CAR TIRES iTRAjjSFORTjOOi^* 
OVAL 

F its|*iany Vegai 
PtntOf, Dftsijns 
Toyota*. Sh abs tuiduthers 

 r s./. 
Black awalt f i t 
• o o 13 
6 WO 13 
I b 6 o I t 

‘t a o o 
19 OO 
2 4 OO 

I 47 

I /Q 

MINI-SPORT 

Aii puce* pius if* and old twu 
Who'owe!!* odd HL per tire. 
I ifs ninny Aucht, Qttt*.-ur»s Finis. MG 

Qpttls. Triumph;, V W s a n d others 

L u 
"'"""'iartatii 
FIT 
... b 6o I? 6 OO I? b 2o 13 

 i i 6 o 13 ft 1b/1bb 13 
6*oo '3 b 6o 14 mj 
6.4b 14 6 oo IbL 6 HbS Hi 

28 OO 

31 OO 
33 o o 

1 M to I 47 

I 4 7 to I 7o 
I 73 to I 82 

Alt p u tti dints Wtatewetie acid *4 per tore 
ALL TIRES INSTALLED FREE 

8ooX16.5 $42°° 
6 PIY 
F.I.T. 3.26 
875X16.5 $53°° 
8 PLV 
F.I.T. 3.94 
95oX16.5 * 73oo 
IO PLY 
F.I.T. 4 .89 

W I D K ull-wheel truck tin* with lung mileage rubber. Designed fur wide, full surface road contact and sm ooth ride. w 'TX 'M 'nrvm x'in r 

PPIRS CHARGE 

 r R H M A V I V 

RCA 
AM Portable Radio la. 
I Per Customer 
RCA XL IOO $ 9 9 
I 3 ” Portable 
J j J j 
Color TV 
* * 

 f i r e s t o n e 

REPACK AND 
GREASE SEALS 

Repack front wheel bearings and install new front grease seals. 
E2LD& 

$ K 8 8 vojp 
Drum type 

Add s8 for disc brakes. 

FRONT END 
ALIGNMENT 

. e s i 

Precision alignm ent by Skilled m echanics 

A m erica n cars 

P arts e*tra. if n ee de d 
N O A D D I T I O N A L C H A R G E for fa cto ry air or to rsio n bar c a rs 

H6oX15 — $4 2 5o 

16oX14 — 
$ 4 4 o o 

16oX15 — 
3 4 4 o o 

F5oX14 — 
4 4 O so 

G5oX15 — 
4 4 3 o o 

A n d yo u r Tro d e In Tire 

Hoavy duty 9MONROE91 
SHOCK 
ABSORBERS 

$ ■ ■ 8 8 
I Each 
■ I BW installed 

LIMITED WARRANTY 
M onro-M aties will last 
(in normal use) as long as you own your car — or 
Firestone will replace them on proof of purchase from Firestone, charging only for installation 

TUNE-UP 
Install new: 
Resistor spark plugs, ignition points, condenser • Adjust carburetor 
• Set point d veil and tim ing 
• T est ba* ry and charging system • p ed . rotor, I ■'CV valve ributoi cap, spark plug w air filter, crankcase 
•nt filter, and vapor canister filter 

B K 
RIfey# 
IU 
■ 

 iBIE Most 
,U 6 CV<- 
Amer cars 

Electronic ignition systems 14 less 

Add s4 for 8-cyl. 
Some air cond. cars extra 
Includes resistor plugs 

ALL TYPES MAGS AND WHITE SPOKES 
PRICES START AT 2 4 . 9 5 ON MAGS 14x6.75 

W h ite S p o k e s ...................................................................14*6, 14x7 

.............................................................................. 15x7, 15x8 * 2 8 * 

A frequent muffler check is “sound" advice! 
' F i r e s t o n e 
M UFFLER ANO EXH A U ST 
SYSTEM 
SERVICE 
MUFFLERS as low as 

Fits most Fords 
Chevrolets, 
Plymouths. 

MOTOR KING BATTERY 
The Firestone Motor King for dependable starting power. 
’s s * ; 

 motor king 

9 5 
AChange 
M K 22 F. 
24. 24F 
Price includes acid and normal installation. 

Inst,til tat titty (iff .netI linings ,in<! it4 
I>uti>I cvilli.Ills itll jll 4 <*h*wls turn 
.I. tm is, insult MW I flu rn springs un.) 
NI-.W 1 nut k it-.i.f sr a Is ifpj.k Iii ml lustrings an.I ins**' • sustain 

V s t u 

Ufu*ri type 
Any Amar lean CA yictpi luiufy car nj It you prvtur M 

FOREVER BATTERY 

AIR CONDITIONER^.. 
SERVICE 

Test for leaks; check and add up to I lb. of Freon; adjust all belts; check hoses; clean con­ denser; check final perfor­ m ance, P a rts, a d d itio n a l m aterial and major repairs extra. 

Philco Console Stereo 
AM/FM Record Player 
WITH 8-TRACK & 
TAPE PLAYER ^ 
I ONLY 

Free 

Our finest passenger car battery— as advertised on TV 

12 volt'exchange 

219 
O O 

FRIGIDAIRE R e frig e ra to r 
499oo 

1o.6 CU. Ft. COPPERTON! $ 
(loo* Moon — I owy 

5 3 4 5 W A L Z E M R O A D 
SAVING WINDCREST A N D C A M I L O ! A N D 
SURROUNDING A R I A i 
M _ _ a M - , 
PHON! 6 5 5 - 8 4 1 I 

TWO LOCATIONS TO 
SERVE YOU 
ISH COH Ii • (OMLOR! ABU LOUNGE 
LOR TV VIEWING A MUSIC 

* 6 o o 7 WEST AVE • AT LOOP 41o 

O N L Y 15 O R 2o MINUTES F R O M A N Y W H F R f IN 

 i T H f S A N A N T O N I O A R F A . * 
_ ^ 
> 
ON THI LOOP 
PHONI J 4 2 - 9 4 7 6 

To h are your problem toited or a ques­ tion answ ered, write Action-Express, P.O. 
Box 2 1 71, San Antonio, TX 7 8 2 9 7 . 

Armadillo races 

Now that KEXL radio station is going off the air, will the armadillo races at H em isFair Plaza spon­ sored yearly by KEXL also be called off? 
For reasons I want to keep to myself. I would prefer they no longer be held. 
F. A. 

BAc e s 
OwC£Hci> 

When 
K E X L rad !* station signed off early 
Stinday morning, the ar­ madillo races went off the air also. 

‘There won't be an ar­ madillo race unless some other radio station picks up the id ea,” a K EX L spokesman said. 
Tripe gripe 

What is this frozen stuff called beef tripe sold in the local supermarkets for use in making menudo? 
This stuff has a considerable amount of fat and the taste is negligible. The beef tripe I used to know was honeycombed and did not have fat. 
It was also very tasty. 
Are we getting — and this is an old Spanish saying 
— “Cato por liebre?” In other words, are we getting cat for jackrabbit? 
Very surely this stuff is inferior in quality to the legitimate tripe. 
M. G. 

Fraud talks in S.A. 
Sunday 

Bill M. White, district attorney designate, will welcome prosecutors to a consumer fraud sem inar at 4 p.m. Sunday at the 
St. Anthony Hotel. 
About 8o prosecutors from throughout the 
United States have regis­ tered to attend. 
The sem in a r, which runs through March 23, is being presented by the 
National College of D is­ trict Attorneys. 
The sem inar will exa­ mine specific concerns and p roblem s in d is­ charging the consumer fraud and p rotection functions in a prosecu­ tor’s office. 
The course is one of a series of short courses presented by the NCDA as part of an overall pro­ gram of continuing legal education. 
Sponsored by the Na­ tional District Attorneys 
Assn., the American Bar 
Assn Assn., the Am eri­ can 
C ollege of T ria l 
Lawyers and the In ter­ national 
A cadem y of 
Trial Law yers, the col­ lege is primarily funded by the Law Enforcement 
A ssistance A d m inistra­ tion, United States De­ partment of Justice. 

SAN ANTONIO EXPRESS— Monday March 14 1977 
P a g e 1-C 
Affliction fails to slow girl, 3 

MICHELLE PEREZ tries out new crutches w ith help of therapist Jean Stiegler 
P H O T O BY J O A N IM B IM B O . 

The world and all its scary things hold little fear for 
3-year-old Michelle Perez. 
After what she’s been through, why should they? 
D aughter of Santa Rosa M edical 
Center electrocardiogram technician 
Maria del Carmen M orales, Michelle was born Aug. 4, 1973 with a congenital deformity. 
The bone tissue in her right leg did not develop completely and when she was one year old Santa Rosa doctors were forced to amputate just below the knee. 
Since that time it has been a succes­ sion of trip s to the operating suite where surgeons must continually make revisions to the stump of the growing leg. 
On the brighter side, M ichelle has received an artificial leg which enables her to romp and play, with some lim i­ tations, pretty much like other young­ sters her age. 
M ichelle is an outgoing little girl, her m other say s. ‘ ‘S h e’s afraid of nothing.” 
Among her favorite pastim es are climbing fences, skateboarding, roller skating and playing on monkey bars. 
Problem 
A problem developed after her last trip to su rg e ry . W hile the leg is healing, she ca n ’t use the a rtificial limb. 
That put some constraints on this active youngster, but not for long. 
Recently Michelle visited Santa Ro­ s a ’s p h y sical th erap y d ep artm en t where therapist Jean Stiegler intro­ duced her to a pair of 25-inch crutches. 

At first they proved to be too long, but Santa Rosa maintenance specialist 
Frank Martinez simply took them into his shop and cut them down to size. 
Typically, it required little time for her to learn how to use them. 
Booger men and fiery dragons and things that go bump in the night may go around frig h ten in g o th er little children. 
But they better watch out if they see a 3-year-old girl coming at them on a pair of 25-inch crutches. 

OLL music con cert slated 

Our Lady of the Lake University will present the Chamber Arts Ensem ble at 
3 p.m. Sunday in Thiry Auditorium. 
The C ham ber A rts E n sem b le is composed of nine professional m usi­ cians who perform cham ber m usic of all periods. 
The free program will include works by Telemann, Goossens, Schubert, J . 
S. Bach and Ludwig Thuille. 

Student elected 

LITTLE ROCK (AP) — Dan Dobbins of Houston, a student at South T exas 
C ollege of Law, has been e le c te d governor of the Law School Division of the 13th Circuit of the American B ar 
Association. 

The circ u it is com posed of law schools in A rkansas, Louisiana and 
Texas. 

A butcher from a local supermarket said only a certain section of the tripe — the stomach lin­ ing of a steer — was honeycombed. 
‘‘But it doesn’t have a whole lot of taste either.” the butcher said. ‘‘It is the menudo's ingredients that give it flavor.” 

Since the majority of the su p erm arkets buy tripe frozen, they cannot tell what Is inside the package. 
“ There is a m ixture,” the butcher said. “ Some­ times the honeycombed 

 section is inside the package.” 
However, if you would specifically like the hon­ eycombed section, you can purchase it at any one of the local m eat packing plants. 
San Antonio Packing 
Company, 1717 S. Brazos 
S t., 224-5441, has the honeycombed tripe and a spokesman said it sells for the same price as the rest of the stomach lining. 
The packing company is open from 7:3o a.m . until 4:3o p.m . Monday through Friday. 

Youth sessions set 

The University of Texas at San Antonio’s Division of Continuing Education will offer a “ Living with 
Adolescents” workshop March 29 and 31. 
During the course, parents will learn how to communicate better with junior and senior high school age children. 
Each session will meet from 6:3o to IO p.m. in 
Coker United Methodist Church, ‘231 E. North Loop 
Road. 

"Living with Adolescents” also will be aimed at persons who work with adolescents in a professional capacity. 
For registration, telephone the UTSA Division of 
Continuing Education at 227” 9147. 

Elvis fan 

Please help me. I am desperate. My 6-year-old little girl wrote a letter to Elvis Presley about two months ago. 
All this time I have kept the letter in my purse because I don’t know where to mail it. I have no address or place to look for it. 
The poor child is waiting for an answer and here I am knowing she won’t get one. Please let me know where I could send it. 
Mrs. H. L. 

*£E lv is P resley has a firry sim ple ad d ress. 
Ju st send the letter ta 
Elvis 
Presley, 
Grace- land, Tenn. 

Elvis has been known 

 to have received letters list addressed to “ Elvis” during his heyday. 
However, all mail ad­ dressed to his “ planta­ tion” in Tennessee will get to him. 

Income tax 

* Am I entitled to an income tax deduction for the loss of a valuable antique destroyed in a fire this year? 
- The antique table was appraised at $35o, but I only ifaid $15 for it at a garage sale several years ago. 
One other question, do I get an income tax 
({eduction based on the $35o value or the $15 I paid for It? 
M. A. S. 

• A spokesman from the 
Texas Insurance Infor­ mation Center said tax advantages are offered fir any “ casualty” loss. 
“ According to the In­ ternal Revenue Service, a casualty loss m eans property damage or loss resulting from any sud­ den. unexpected event such as a storm , fire, robbery or autom obile accident,” the spokes­ man said. 
• Deductions are availa­ ble for losses both to personal property, such as automobiles and fur- diture, and to real property, such as busin­ esses and hom es, the spokesman said. 
—“ Com putations are biked on the reduction in 
Value of the property, whether Insured or not,” 
(be spokesman said. 
Uninsured dam age is tax deductible, lf the damage is covered by in­ surance. the amount of any Insurance settlement must be subtracted from the total loss, the spo­ kesman said. 
“ Because people often do not insure their property to Its proper value, loss paym ents 
(rom insurers often must be calculated to a de­ 

 preciated v alu e,” the spokesman added. 
Insurance paym ents are tied to the actual cost of making repairs or re­ placing lost goods, so the loss for Income tax pur­ poses can sometimes ex­ ceed the insurance payment. 
“ When this happens, the difference can be claim ed as a ‘casualty loss' deduction on your income tax return,” the spokesman said. 
To help prove the value of p roper!} after damage, the IRS recom­ mends an experienced, reliable ap p raiser be hired, the spokesman said. 
The ap p raiser will probably be able to provide evidence as to the value of the property before and after the damage 
Cost of the appraisal is tax deductible. 
“ In no event can the 
‘loss’ claimed on the in­ come tax return exceed the am ount originally paid for the property, though,” the spokesman said. 
Therefore, you cannot claim a $359 total loss on aa antique table lf you ouly paid $1$ for it. 
Appreciation 

You did it again! The last item on New Horizons fo r Women brought iii even more calls than the first item published 
You have quite a following and we appreciate you leu mg your readers know of our fine program for mature women at St. Mary’s University. 
MARIA TORRES KNOX. DIRECTOR 
NEW HORIZONS FOR WOMEN 

Actiuu E xp ress is al­ ways glad ti pass ta v aluabir In firm atiii ti 
Us readers Any unman 
Interested In manacling 

 and guldaare befire en- rilling ar returning ti rtllege after aa absence should cm tart Mrs. Runs at HL Mar>'s University. 

KMT/, VIRGIN 

TASTE NEW LOW “TAR” L&M LIGHTS! 

The only cigarette made with just the tender 

“filet” of 1oo% virgin 

 alMeaf tobacco. 

• No tobacco by-products. 

• No reconstituted tobacco. 

• No added stems. 

REALTASTE 
ONLY 8 MG. “TAR!’ 

W arning 
The Surgeon 
General Has Determ ined 

That Cigarette Smoking Is Dangerous lo Your Health 
Flavor lights; Long Lights, 8 mg. “ tar 

o 7 mg. nicotine, av. per cigarette, by FTC M ethod 

/MURI* 

 t 

S A N A N T O N IO EXPRESS— Monday March I i 1 9 7 7 useless Key sew 
Iii lim t bv Fred Himes 

Camelot Hair Fashions 
CHANGEABOUTS 

ADVERTISING 

Trim & Swim Offers Pre- 
Summer Shape Up Special 
2o VISITS FOR ONLY $2o 

• id led 
TOPICS 

By DON HARRIS 
Lira Manajj.T, Terminix International 

Some times an active life often requires quick change styles to fit a certain occasion or a dif­ ferent mood. This just- about-shoulder length line allows for a multi­ tude of looks — from waves and curls to cool upswept topknots and chignons. At Camelot 
Hair 
Fashions, 
6134 
Montgomery (in Camelot ll) you’ll find the hair experts ready to achieve that look which is just right for you. One that lets you take home from the salon a multitude of looks, from casual to upswept formal. 

Household Pests 
May Live for a 
Long Time 

Insects vary in the ex- phone call. tent of time they can live 
It’s interesting to note and bother us in our that in the insect world, homes. Some May flies the females usually live that we night find around longer than males, just our vacation home, live as it true with humans. as adults for only a few The “ old maid” insects hours. However, they live that have never mated as young larvae in bodies seem to live the longest of water for a much of all, or perhaps, it just 
I longer time. Some queen seems longer, termites have been 
Of particularly interest known to live and lay is the 16 year cididad or eggs for 5o years and locust which lives under 
I they may even live twice the ground for most of its 

I that long. The great ma- 17 year cycle and jority of insects probably emerges as an adult to live less than a year due live and mate for a very 

I to many control factors, short period of time, including birds that fee Other cicadas have a on them, other insects much shorter develop- that eat them and. of merit time, course, Term inix pest 
The real problem is in- control service. sect control is usually not 
Foe expert control of how long the individual any pests consult Ter- insect or pest lives, but minix Intentional, the how many offspring are nationwide pest control produced by each pair of experts, serving the San insects. Only the experts 
Antonio are for over 4o at Terminix know in de­ years. Our technicians tail the whole life story of are skillfully trained in each pest, so that control detecting and eradicat- can be accomplished in mg bothersome insects to the safest and most shorten their lieftime for economical way. 
I your benefit. Just phone 
Terminix Internation- 
| 653-121o in San Antonio a1, a subsidiary of Cook land 658-3154 in Universal Industries, Inc., is locat- 
I City. There is, of course ed at 2527 N.E. Loop 41o, 
I no obligation to any San Antonio. 78217. Adv. 

“ For some time we’ve been moving towards a hair fashion renaisance’’ says Camelot Hair F a ­ shion Owner, Carol Pa- daleki. “ Achieving to­ day’s look takes profes­ sional skill, creative ta­ lent and thorough know­ ledge of the tools and products available to the hairdresser.” 
H air­ dressers at Camelot Judy 
Jennings and 
Putzi 
McNeil are members of 
NHCA (National H air­ dressers and 
Cosmetologists Associa­ tion) and strive to keep in touch with all new trends as well as the traditional, time-honored styles. 

A great program which allows you to use all of 
Trim & Swim’s award winning facilities at a tremendous savings be­ gins today. All three of 
Trim & Swim 
Health 
Spa locations introduce the new program this week. You will receive a personalized fitness pro­ gram tailored to your specific needs. Supervis­ ed exercises in a fun group class, and with the famous Trim and 
Swim patented fitness 

 three convenient loca­ tions; 
North 
Central, 
42o2 San Pedro, phone 
735-9141; 
North 
East, 
1335 
N.E. Loop 
41o, phone 
828-3125; 
North 
West, 94o Bandera Rd., phone 433-82o1. To get full benefit from this 
Pre-Summer 
Shape-Up 
Special all twenty visits must be used consec­ utively at the Spa where you enroll. Trim and 
Swim Health Spas are 

 open daily from 9 A M. to 9 P.M. and Saturdays from 9 A M. to 5 P.M. 
BankAmericard, 
Mas- terCharge, 
American 
Express and 
Diner’s 
Club Cards are welcome. 
Trim and Swim Health 
Spas offer complete facilities for both men and women. Call today and get in shape for summer fun! 
(Adv.) 

 and muscle toning equipment. 
You can enjoy swimming, sau­ nas, steam baths, . not mineral hydroswirlpool, solarium 
Ultra-Violet sunroom for year round tan. 
Everything you need to slim down and get in shape for summer fun. 
But you better hurry for this offer is limited to available ap- pointsments. So call now any of Trim and Swim’s 

HIS NEW 
LOOK 
[MASCULINE 

(A N I* P E R M - B A S E l)) 

Camelot Hair Fashions is totally Unisex with a high ratio of male customers and an in­ creasing number of men are enhancing their ap­ pearance with a “ Body 
Processing’’ which is a method of “ perm” de­ signed for masculine hair styles. 

And even easier to use. 
Because we put all the pieces together. You don’t shop around for hardware for pro­ gramming to make it go. Or for service and maintenance to keep it up — now or later. 
Every 
Accounting 
System, Inc., system is complete, from initial planning through instal­ lation. And organized to your specific needs: on­ site, in-depth, by Ac­ counting Systems expert partners in your locale. 
You work with inde­ pendent professionals we’ve handpicked for our te^m. Their solid grasp of computer capa­ bilities and familiarity with community busi­ ness conditions, brings you a total data-man- agement package that s ready to go. and ready to grown with you. And ready tp put your hands back on the controls. 
Accounting Systems 
Inc., 3o5 Alamo Savings 
Tower, San Antonio, 
Texas 782o9-826-7614. 

BEFORE 
AFTER 

J. Ross Boles Moving 

The DM 13o/2 is a complete business sytem including, desk top 
CRT/keyboard device, line printer and disk memory. It can save you money in inventory control, payroll, accounts receivable, accounts payable, job costing, general ledger, etc. 

Now In Our 

NEW LOCATION 
Full Un* Health Foods 

Natural Cosmetics 

ORGANIC VITAMINS 
Mail Orders Invited 
Com* In Sod Sto w s* 
Master Charge A 
SankAm ericard 
Plenty Parking 
DIET SHOP 
4219 McCullough 
12241311 

THE COMFREY LEAF 
COCO FOOD, GOOD lot YOU 
^ « d k » w 
(OMFRfT 
C ?H aP 
Flu r Y T & n 'K b Z SAHPUS 

( 
SMI jftfQ I GREIN 
J I i •‘ANO* 

URirath 
ROHDE 
Bl SI!VESS B R O K ER S 
H E SELL Bl SIM ESS 
4139 CA R U E S D A L E 
S U IT E 2o1 
Phone 696-5311 

35 VS. OLMOS 
822-o475 

N O W SIR V IN G IN 

OUR 

COMPLKTILY 

N EW LY REMODELED 

RESTAURANT 
VALERIO'S 

ITALIAN RESTAURANT 
• 382o BRO A D W A Y 

TEXAS SHADE 
FACTORY INC. 

Since 1929 

• CUSTOM... 
• W IN D O W SHADES 
• DRAPERIES 
• VENETIAN BLINDS 
• W O VEN W O O D 
R O M A N SHADES 
227-83o1 

915 * Dallas at St. Mary's 

WESTSIDE AIR PARK 

Grumman American Deal# 

674-3938 
WISER DIESEL SERVICE 
RoosaMoster Air Starters 
Turbo Chargor Kits A Repair 
Service I bp^r All Diesel 
Injection (quipus ' 

123 W est Carolina phone 334-3445 

I bt- group of w fe» tJiow n above w ill coon be having a new home. J. K O S * 
BO LES CO., INC. w ill be m oving to the 'NortUeide*. T h a t’* right, to the 
'nortlihide of their present location on Broadw ay. From 6o2 Broadw ay lo 
(HK) Broadw ay. At the new location, presently tieing readied for near future, oeetipaney by the A rch itect and his contractors. J. ROSS HOLES CO., 
INC!, w ill have over 7o(H) square feet of space in w hich lo display safe*, saults, hank equipm ent, aud of course an expanded lock and key shop m an­ ned by ever present C lifto n Ogle. Because of the* move, aud the d iffic u lt of moving safes around from place to place, Jack (rates, president of J . Ross 
Boles says to drop by and talk lo him or Andy Moutcni, his salc» manager, about a real deal on a safe, 'before the move . Steel price* continue lo go higher and higher, and safes an* made of steel — so thev suggest lh ii von collie by, before tin* prices go up. and get a real sweetheart of a deal. VLitll over 5oo safes in stock at either showroom or warehouse, J. Ross Boles Coni" punv has the largest stock of safes in the Southwest. Do something about xour desire for a safe, take the first step, surprised at how little a *»ood safe reallly costs. T h e re is still tin* possibioity of a real bargain, if you come before the move, 

ViSfTOAS FRO M M E X IC O ? 
For a free welcoming gift call 344 3644. 
MUSIC 
INSTRUMENTS 

* SOLD * RENTED * 
A TRADED A 
A REPAIRED A 

ON tests** Cesti and Carry Foist 
CALDWELL 
MUSIC CO. 
41o N. Main 
22*-7523 
328 No. Star Mall 
341-4418 

REINHOLD BROTHERS 
ANTWERP, KAMAT GAN 
LONDON, NEW YORK 
THI POTPOURRI' of CRAFTS I CERAMICS 

CLASSIS IN; CERAMICS • 
O il p a in t in g - m a c . 

SAT. A M. 

 c h il d r e n s c l a s s e s 

Bl32 MONTGOMERY DR. 
(CAMELOT N) 653-757o 

• I muftu h r fViigrfuiHiiiiig 
• I nmnuh-r 

I I f M - r u t h i n * 
• 
K r v f H t t H ' h 
A HOU SOM. REFR (SHING 

POPULAR FRUIT MACIS 

MSPtNSfO FROM 

FRUIT JUICE 
VENDING MACHINES 
11722 WARBELO 

JUST OFF RHAPSODY 

FINE JEWELRY 
2oo8 N.W MILITARY HWY. 
Costi* m • 344 83o6 and in th* 
NAPLES RESTAURANT ILOG 
32o2 Broadway a 828 6116 ll Doer Level 
WINDSOR PARK a 654-1871 

DIAM O ND SALI! 
SAVE UP TO 5 o % 

FOB CASH 

Southern Jew elry Co. 
SSS Aker** Pteui (st. 1994 

226-1424 

^ a m a t o l i c 

HAIR FASHIONS V f 
IIM ttontgonwry 
V 
653-5974 sum curs tw 
’ 
Guyt I OoM) 
1/ 

TRY 
S P A in g 
TRIM & SW IM 
HEALTH SPAS 

42o2 SAN PEDRO 
735-9141 
94o BANDERA RD. 
433-82o1 
133S N L LOOP 41o 
828 3125 

 how 
HH.. 
* | J q 
•< «*• e*Mt* 

732S Sen Wmdro 

 at Hector, . , 342-325 I 

423 S W . M ilitary Dr. 

 in La Feno. , 924-7176 

Downtown 
4o4 W Co w it*.. 723-SS44 

BUSINESS REVIEW 
ADVERTISING Off ERS 
YOU AN OPPORTUNITY 
TO TELL THE PEOPLE 
Of SAN ANTONIO 
ABOUT YOUR BUSINESS 
PRODUCT OS SERVICE 
FOR MORE 
INFORMATION.. 
C A U 223-7411 

Complete line of 
Janitorial and 
Automotive maintenance jpfM ti Ut 

INDUSTRIAL SUPPLY 

Of SAN ANTONIO 

349-62o1 

DALE'S PAINT 
A BODY SHOP 
YOUR SATISFACTION 

IS 
OUR 
GU ARAN TLL 
19!? MOADWAY 225 2663 

Accounting Sy»t«iM, Inc. 
THE MOST M INI 
FOR THE M ONEY 
3o5 Alamo Savings lower 

326-7614 

O v a lity an d In g in a e n n t 
S A L IS — -S IR V IC I— iN O lN lk ft IN C sol M c C u l l o u g h ta a -2 3 3 3 
LUMPING I AIK COMDT TIO WING, INC. 

Want 
Ads 
CALL 
225-1666 

1Ub PtHSUJMLS 
124 LEGAL NOTICES 
IZA LEGAL NOTICES 
124 LEGAL NOTICES 
124 LEGAL NOTICES 

In d iv id u a l a v o ild b le s e c u rity po­ s itio n : p e r s o n a l, b u s in e s s , p ro p e rty. A v a ila b le Sam-*: 3oam 
O N L Y . 
T H E 
V E R Y 
B E S T 
RE FER EN C ES . 
Fee-expenses. 
492-1937 
Youno A rt student needs fin a n cia l assistance. Please w rite . A. Cas­ tillo V ie ra P O. Box 1219o, San 
Antonio, Tx. 78212. 
____________ 
Youno single m ale bos 4-2-1 house lo share w ith responsible person w ith or w ith out child. T B ird Vil- loge oreo 432 3866 
___________ 

HOURS 

8 A.M. to 
5:3o P.M. 
MONDAY thru FRIDAY 

 a n n o u n c e m e n t s 

* o 6 — N ts o n e lf 
T o 7 — B u sin e ss P e rs o n a ls lO B — Lost and Found 
V 1o 
Sp e cia l N otices 
11 3 
P rofessional N otices 

1 1 8 — lo d g e N otices 
1 3 o — Bids A Proposals 
1 3 3 — O ffic ia l Publications 
1 2 4 — Legal N otices 

 r n , 
H A L IST ATI 

3o1 — 8 o o ! Estate N otices 
3 o 3 — O p e n Houses 
3 o 4 — Property Out of 
Tow n 
3 o o — Condom inium s— 
Townhouses 
3 o 8 — Apartm ents, 
Duf>l#X9ft 
2 1 o — Houses— N ortheast 
3 1 2 — Houses— N orthw est 
7 1 4 — Houses— Southea st 
2 1 6 — Houses— Southwest 
2 1 8 — Houses M o v e d and 
W recked 
3 2 o — Houses for Trade 

2 2 4 — Houses, Sale or 
Kent 
2 2 6 — Suburban 
P rop erty— A creage 
2 2 8 — Besort Properties 
3 3 o — Lets 
I — Investm ent 
P ro p e rty 

3 3 2 — Farm s and Ranches 
2 3 4 — Farms and Ranches for Rent 
3 3 6 — Com m ercial 
Prop erty— Sale 
2 3 8 — Com m ercial 
Property (Loose) 
2 4 o — Com m ercial 
Property (W anted) 
2 4 2 — Industrial Property for Sale 
2 4 4 — Industrial Property for Lease 
. 
2 4 6 — Industrial Property 
W onted 
2 4 8 — O ffice Space for 
I 
**> 
Lease 
2 5 o — O ffice Space 
W anted 
2 5 2 — Real Estate Sell or 
Exchange 
2 5 4 — Real Estate W anted 
2 5 6 — Real Estate 
Loans— N otes 
2 5 8 — Real Estate Loans 
W anted 

1o7 BUSINESS PERSONALS 

ALL SEVERELY PHOTO 

Studio Negatives-Sale 
F o rm e re ly a l N 
M a in St. C a ll 
L a u ra at 674-333o o r H a r r y 
334-6661 tor fu rth e r in fo rm a tio n . 
A NEW MASSAGE LO CATIO N outside city, open 7 doys 'til 3am. 
P rof m asseuses. 1323o IH3S N. betwwen O'Conner A Judson Rds 
C A LL BR EE M iss 36 23-35, fo r the of A l 
M assage 
ROBB. Open 
492 2994 

 a r L ife - P A R IS 
IO; 3oam to 4pm 

C A L L C E E C E E A N D T H A T 
AIN T SCOTCH; 492 2994 

DOUBLE 
YOUR 
M O N E Y 
IN 9o DAYS 
It you have $25oo or m ore, we can put the rig h t people in touch w ith you Ifs possible to double, even trip le , y o u r m oney in 9o days. 
Leg al, c o n fid e n tia l. Get on our list. Coll now TO LL F R E E 
8oo-824-512o 
Ask F o r O p e ra to r 156A 

ELECTION ORDER A N D NOTICE 

THE STATE OF TEXAS X 
COUNTY OF BEXAR X 

On this the 29th day of November, 1976, the Board of Trustees of South Son I 
Antonio Independent School District covened in special session, open to the | public, consisting of the following members, to wit 

Urn I. feoce III, President 
(agene C. Rodriguez, Secretary 
Eugene G. Johnson 
David V. Cos ms 

John I. Mochodo 
Ralph Rich 
J. C. Gayle, Jr. 

NOTICIA Y ORDEN ELECTORAL 

EL EST ADO DE TEJAS X 
C O ND ADO DE BEJAR X 

En este dia, 79 de noviembre, 1976, la Junta Directive del Distrito Escolar In dependiente de Sur San Antonio se reunieron en stsion especial, abietic al publico, con los sauternes miembros, set testigo: 

E x p re ss-N e w s— 
M o n d a y , M a rc h 14, 1 9 7 7 
First P a g e 

I 
William I Peace III, President 
John I Machado 
Eugene C Rodriguez, Secretary 
Ralph Rich 
I 
Eugene G. Johnson 
J. C. Gayle, Jr. 
David V. Cosias 

 y los siguientes en ousencio David V. Cosias. constituiendo un numero suhciente de los miembros porn discutir osuntos y entre otrns procedimientos yo 
I tenidos poi la Junto Directive hie lo siguiente: 

W1E8t^ 
,johr - °nd M,tCh|do; 1 
NR CUANTO, el piazo de h.mpo de Senores Rodriguez, Johnson y Mochodo. members of the Board of Trustees of this School District will expire on the first i 
. 
. . , 
. 
77 
, . 
»_ji 1o 77 t .,.1 9 1o 77 nn.4 „„ ,„ „ 4 A,*. • miembros de lo Junto Directive de este distnto escolor se termino el primer 

 and the other 
Se following absent Davis V Cosies, constituting a Quorum and omong i proceedings hod by said Board of Trustees wos the following 

E n la rg e Y o u r C irc le of S in g le 
F rie n d s Join 
S U B U R B A N SIN 
GLE D A TIN G S E R V IC E . W rite 
8451 M ichelle Way San A ntonio, 
TX 78239 
E sco rts, guided T o u rs In te rn a ­ tional E sco rt and T ou r A gency. 
1ooo2 Mc Cullough. 341 o525 
EV ER Have a Switch M assage? 
Call C arm en for Details, 492-2994 
FOR H E LP w ith an unwed prea nancy, coll Edna Gladney Home. 
FI W orth TX 1-8oo 792-1 1o4 
F O X Y L A D Y E s c o rt S e rv ic e 
734 8253, 732 3361 T o kyo House 
4218 Blanco 

FREE 

WATER BEDS 

EXOTIC 

MASSAGES 
Given by the Foxiest G irls in San 
Antonio. Best place to Relax and 
Unwind "Feet B etter F a s t" Out side C ity L im its . Open IO 3o lo 
3am. Big D iscounts! N o rth Side 
PARIS RUBB. 492 2994 

G I. 

SPECIAL 

Saturday in April, 1977, said first Saturday being April 2, 1977, and on said dote a trustee election will be held in said School District 

WHEREAS, it is necessary for this Board to pass an Order establishing the pro cedure for filing and conducting said trustee election; 

THEREFORE, BE IT ORDERED BY THE BOARD Of TRUSTEES OF South Son Antonio 
Independent School District; 

I Thai on election be held in said School District on April 2, 1977, for the purpose of electing to the Boord of Trustees of said School District three 
Trustees 

2 That oil requests by candidates to have their names ploced upon the ballot for the above mentioned election shall be in writing and signed by the can­ didate ond filed with the secretary of the Boord of Trustees at the Superin­ tendent^s Office not later than 3o (fays prior lo the date of soid election 

All candidates shalt file with said application the loyalty affidavit required by | 
Article 6.o2 of the Election Code 

The Secretary of this Board of Trustees shod post on the bulletin board of the | building where the Board of Trustees meets, tne names of all candidates that I hove filed their applications in occordonce with the terms ond provisions of this . 
Order, ond said Secretory shall otherwise comply with the terms ond provisions • of Article 13.32 of the Election (ode. 
I 

I 
I 
3 That sold election shall be held at the following places by voting machines | 

Most M assoqes '> P rice* lOpm to 
4am. The Late N ile Place to be this week* 
PA R IS RUBB. , 
493 2994 

HEY 

HEY 

 fc 
R IN I ALS 
J I 
3 o 2 — M obil* Hom es for 
Jjr ta t* if OI — A p a rtm ents Purr* 
4 o 3 — H ousekeeping Apt. 
Fun*. 
4 o 4 — Apoftm ents, Unfum . 
4 o 6 — Houses Duplexes — 
Furnished 
4 o 8 
H osts es, D uplexes— 
Unfurnished 
4 1 o — Houses, Rent or Sell 
41 2— Room s, Furnished 
4 1 4 — Room s, Unfurnished 
4 1 6 — Room s with Board 
41 8 — W ont to Rant or 
Loos# 

JU V H I SS 
OPPORTUNITIES 
S T 

SOI — Business 
O pportunities 
5 o 2 — Business O p p o r­ tunities W anted 
5 o 4 — M oney to Lend 
$t>6 — Financial— Invest- 
*• m eets 
8 o 8 — o11 Proportions 
51o " - M on e y W onted 
5 1 2 — Instructions 
5 14 — Instructions-W onted 

B R A N D Y is H e re * T h a t T a ll 
Stacked Blonde. "W hat A Wav To 
Go". PARS RUBB. 492 3994 
LY N N S B E T T E R H E A LT H 
________ SALON 656 7496________ 
MASSEUSE W A N TE D $2oo $3oo 
W eekly 
E x p e rie n c e no t n ece s­ sary 733-3361. 4318 Blanco. Tokyo 
House. _________________________ 
Meet me noon to 6pm , B etty M eet i me fro m 6pm to 2am , E d ie fo r j d rin k s and dan cin g . At the R e­ sort, 6643 Randolph B lvd between 
O Conner 6 Judson Rds_________ 

OUTSIDE CITY LIMITS 
P n c e -S h o p -C O M P A R E S T IL L featuring 1977 MASSAGES at 1973 I prices! Come meet our B eautiful 
New 
M e c h a n ic s ". S o m e lh in g new com ma soon! 
THE BODY SHOPPE, 493 2oo1 
PO M P E II For A M assage can be an exqu isite expe rie n ce beyond description or im agination Come 
See Melanie, Peanut, Chris. Sara and Dole 1138 Basse, 735 515o 

PRE INVENTORY 

SALE! 
! A t P A R IS R U B B 
B londe s, re d 
; heads, brunette s P rice s sloshed 
; on oil Massages. Open IO 3oom to 
. 4om 493 3994 
_ 
! R o o m m a te n e e d e d to s h a re ap a rtm e n t* 344 112$_____________ 
S C IE N TIFIC ond 
PR O FESS IO NA L 
D A TIN G SERVICE 
M atch m ake r Inc 344 IH S 

12o BIDS & PROPOSALS 

EMPLOYMENT i i 

6 o 1 — Professional 
6 o2 — Sales 
6 o 4 — Technical 
6 o 5 — Resum es 
6 o 6 — A d m inistrative— 
■** 
Financial 
6o8— Secretarial 
6 1 o — O ffice A Clerical 
• 1 2 — M e d ic o ! 
6 1 4 — Skills-Trades 
6 1 6 — fo o d -Drink Services 
6 1 8 — Wart Time 
6 2 o — Help W anted 
M iscellaneous 
6 2 2 — Domestic 
• 2 4 — Situations W anted 

 c 
A U TO M O TIV I 

 ntiques-Cc 
7 o 2 -7 2 6 — Sports Foreign 

2 2 o -7 4 3 — Cars— Far Sale or Trade 
7 4 4 — Custom ised C ats— 
■ 
Speed-Racing ip u ip 
T A B — Trucks A Com m ercial 
Trailers— Ruses 
7 4 8 — M otorcycles— 
Scooters 
T S O — W anted - Au tos, 
Trucks. Trailers, 
M otorcycles 
7 9 2 — G en eral Auto 

7 5 4 — Tires— Forts— 
Accessories 
7 8 6 — Auto. 
Financing— Leans 
758 — Aircraft 
Services— Supplies 

RIC R I A N O N A l 

-C am pers— Trailers 
8o1 - 
8 o 2 - 
BOR­ 

BOR— Hunting A Fishing 

MORICI H O M !! 
INV)I 
SA- 
— 
------------ I. ■ - g<1o — M obile Hom e Sale l l I — M obile Hem e 
Repairs— Insurance 
A l 2 — M obile Hom e Warks 

MI RC MA NOI ii 
^ 

6o1 — Busina ss Iguipm ent 
6 o 3 — Building M aterials 
S 

S — Portable Buddings 
7 — Furniture 
6 o 6 — baw n Brokers 
6 1 o — Appliances 
61 2 — Flea M arkets t i 4 — Antique s 
6 1 6 — Arts, Crafts, Imparts 
6 1 8 — Cains A Jew elry 
6 2 o — Canta ra — Ph oto tcfkttp 
6 2 2 — M usted Instruments 
6 2 4 — Nurseries, G arden 
6 36 
Mach inery — Tools f 3 8 — M erchandise M ort 
M O — M erchandise 

IN V IT A T IO N FO R BIDS 

Stated proposals for (hoperrot Street 
Aiea 
Utilities , consisting of the in staliotion of water moms and services in various streets in southern Alice, addressed to the 
Urban Renewal 
Agency of the City of Ake, will be received at the office of the Urban 
Renewal Agency of the City of Ake, 68 
South Wright St, Ake. Teios until 

2:oo p.m. Friday. April I, 1977 

 ond then publicly opened and read aloud, for furnishing oil labor, material and equipmonl ond perform mg oil work loquirod for the con­ struction of the utility improvements located in the City of Ake, Texas 

Attention is catted to the foci that not less thon the minimum soknes ond woges os sot forth in the Contract 
Documents must be pod on this pro pct, ond that the Contractor must ensure that employees ond appkants for employment ore not dtscrtmmated ogomst because of their race, creed, color, sex. or notional origin 

Each Proposal must ba accompanied by a certified or cashier s check or on approved bidder s bond, for (he sum of five percent of the amount of the moxtmum total bid os o guarantee that, if awarded lh* contract, the bid der wiii promptly enlei Hilo o contract and execute a bond on the forms pro tided, os outlined rn the contract doc* 
Hts 
Certified or cashier s checks must be payable lo the Urban 
Renewal Agency of tho City of Ake 

I A performance Bond id an amount of not loss than one hundred (1oo%) percent of the contract pica, con ditionod upon the faithful per 
I I or monte of the contract ond upon payment of oh persons supplying lobe ac furnishing matte rah. mil be re quired 

Flans, specifications, ond bedding documents may be obtained from the office of the Urban Renewal Agency of the City of Ako or the office of Coder 
A lugess, 
Int, 
Engineers. 
647o 
I a p 
....................... 

 sea sh x ii i Mod con 
J Agency of r A largess. 

'A l 

2 — Au* ti cxi Serf* l u t i n w u D ire c to ry 

DOGS— FITS 
I W 

6 8 6 — Dog*-Cete-Sic ti * F etc 
6 3 8 — WeuHry-Rebbiti Bee. 

 n i i v i s K x * 
, 

6 4 o — U ve»to«k-Feed- 

6 4 1 . 

6 4 2 - 

.Freebee* 

-Forte* Equipm ent 

 lo etna doteitieo Cire** e 
Nonce* Floor# See 
. areel Fooe mao* 
1 6 t — DeeeOu 
1o3 — Cera et TkoNfce 
Mew* enow* 
I OS— fierier* — lie woe* 
J o 4 — funeral Sweeter* 
AOS— Cemetery — Rue ie! tan 

Hillcroft, Suite 716, Houston, lotos, on 
I deposit of 
I wanly Euro 
(S7S OO) j Goiters per set. which sum so deposit ad will be ref united, ponded (I) All documents ace retuinod in 
I edition to the Urban Renewal j the City o! Alice rn to Cader A (urges,, 
I Inc, not later thon 41 baun after the time lor receiving bds, or (7) the Can 
I tractor submits o bd ond oil docu wants ore letwned m good condition 
| not later than bv* (S) days after the time that bds we facetted 

J Bidders should cwefuhy examine the plans, specifications ond athel 
I documents, visit the site of the work ond fuHy inform themsteves os ie oil 
I conditions ond mutters which con be j rn any way ohed the wont w the costs thereof Should • Adder find discrepancies in, ar ommtsstone from, the pions, specifications, or other documents or should he be rn doubt as to theic moaning, he should et once notify the fngmeet ond obtain 
(lanticohon pier to submitting any bd 

I he Urban Renewal Agency of the City of Ake reserves the tight to repel any 
I or ah bds arte wane any or ak j rtgelanlies Mo bd may be withdrawn j until the expntron of forty five (45) 
I days horn the dote bds ore opened 

URBAN RENEWAL AGE NC T 
ALKA, lf AAS 
By Fidel I. Rodngooi. 
Attestant Excecutive Director 

IHI ACTION NCUMMO 
IOU I ASI VI S U I tv 
OI ACI recut WANI AO in tnt 1 1 vol ss Newt 
CAU 33$ terne 

 ond the following named persons ore hereby appointed for said election 

(a) In election pecincts numbered 176, 177, 179, ond 13o at South Son 
Antonio High School Building, 751S Navajo, San Antonio, Texas, in said 
School District, with Mary Tiseth as Presiding Judge 

(b) In election pecincts numbered 131 ond 146 at South San Antonio 
High School, West Campus, S577 Ray Ellison Drive. Son Antonio, Texas, rn soid School District, with Mrs Alex Christelles os Presiding Judge 

(c) In election pecincts numbered 134 ond 135 ot Royolgote Elementary 
School Building, 61oo Royolgote, San Antonio, Texas, in said School District, with Mary Adalpe os Presiding Judge 

(d) In election pecincts numbered 133, 147, ond 148 ot Polo Alto 
Elementary School Building, 1775 Pate Alto Rood, Son Antonio, Texas, in soid School District, with Mrs Sontos DelaRosa as Presiding Judge 

(e) In election pecincts numbered 17o. 173, ond 153 at Dwight Middle 
School Building, 7454 West Southerns, Son Antonio. Texas, in said School 
District, with Mrs Emma Peno as Presiding Judge 

The polls at the above designated polling places shall on election day be open from I OO o rn to 7 OO p m 

4 Mary Tiseth is hereby appointed Clerk for Absentee Voting to be held at the 
Administration Building, 7515 Sioux, Son Antonio, Texos, ond Mrs. Alex 
Christelles as Clerk for Absentee Voting to be held at the South Son Antonio High 

 sabado de abri!, 1977, el primer sobodo yo citado siendo ol 7 de obril, 1977, y en la (echo citodo una eleccion tendra lugor en el Distrito Esralor ya citado. 

POR CUANTO. es necesorio que lo Junta Directivo bogo uno Orden estableciendo el pocedimiento para registrar y conduct la eleccion ya mon cionode, 

POR (SO. QUE LA ORDEN SEA DADA POR LA JUNTA DIRECTIVA DEL Distrito 
Escolor Independiente de Sur San Antonio; 

I Que una eteccion tango lugor en el Distrito Escolor ya mencionodo el 7 de abril, 1977, con el poposito de elegir tees miembros o lo Junto Directivo ya mencionoda 

7. Que todas los supltcas de los candidates para que pongon sus nombres en lo bolete para la eteccion mencionodo arriba sea par escrito y firmado por el candidate y registroda con el Secretario de lo Junta Diectiva en la Oficina del 
Supenntendente no mas tarde que LJ dias antes de la fecho de lo eteccion ya mencionodo 

Todos los candidates tienen que archivar con la aplicocion ya mencionodo una 
Declaration Juroda de Leoltod corno es requerido por el Articulo 6 o7 del (odigo 
Electoral 

El Secretario de la Junto Directivo enunciate on el tablero para notions del edifkw donde tienen las juntos, los nombres de todos los condidotos que hon rogistrodo sus apkoaones de acuerdo con los termmos y estipulociones de este 
Orden, y el Secretario ya moncionodo por otro parte, tendra que cumplir con los termmos y estipulociones del Artkulo 13 32 del (odigo Electoral 

3 Que lo eteccion ya mencionodo tendra lugor en los siguientes lugares y las siguientes personas nombrodas. por esto, eston elegidas corno ofitiales para la 
1 eleccion yo mencionoda 
I 
(a) En los lugores electorates numerodos 176, 177, 179, y 13o en lo 
Escudo Secundano de Sur Son Antonio, 7515 Novato, San Antonio. Tejas, en el Distrito Escolor yo mencionodo, con Mary Tiseth corno Juez 

(b) En los lugares electorates numerodos 131 y 146 en lo Estuela Secun dorm del Oeste de Sur Son Antonio, 567? Roy Ellison Drive, Son Antonio, 

Te|os, en el Distrito (voter yo mencionodo con lo Sra Alex Christelles corno 
Juez 

(c) En los lugores electorates numerodos 134 y I3S el la Esculea Elemen tot Royolqote, 61oo Royolgote, San Antonio, Tejas, el el Distrito Escolor ya mencionodo. con Mary Adolpe corno Juez. 

(d) En los lugares electorates numerodos 133, 147 y 148 en lo Escuelo 
Elemental Polo Alto, 1775 Polo Alto Rood. Son Antonio, Tejos, on el Oistrito 
(scalar ya mencionodo, con lo Sra Santos DeloRosa corno Juez. 

(e) En los lugares electorates numerodos 17o. 173, y 153 en la Escuelo 
Secundaria Dwight Middle School, 7343 qwor oouthcross, San Antonio, Ie las, en el Distrito Escolor yo mencionodo, con lo Sra Emmn Pena corno 
Juez 

| los lugores designodos ambo para voter estoron abiertos en el dm electoral 
| desde los 7oo o rn hosta los JOO p m 

I 
4 Mary Tiseth por eso es elegido Escribano para Votor en Ausencio que tendra 
I lugor en el edtbcio de Administration, 2x15 Siouz, San Antonio, Teios, y la Sro 
I Alex Christelles corno Escribano pore Votar en Ausencio que tendro lugor en lo 

School, West Campus. 552? Roy Ellison Drive. Son Antonio, Texos. within the I t«uelo Secundorra del Oeste de Sc* SM Antonio. 5672 toy Elhsoa, Debt, Son 

 boundories of the above nomed School District and said places of absentee vet 
I mg sholl remote open for at least eight hours on eoch day for absentee voting | which is not a Saturday, a Sunday, or on official Stole holiday, beginning on the | 
2oth day ond continuing through the 4th day preceding the dote of soid elec­ tion Said places of voting sholl remain open between the hours of 8 3o a rn and 4 3o p.m. on eoch day for soid absentee voting. The obove described places for absentee voting ore also the absentee clerks moiling addresses to which ballot applications and ballots voted by moil be sent 

5 Votmq machines sholl be used rn the above mentioned election foe obsen lee voting by personal appearance; ond in occordonce with this resolution ond 
(taction (ode Mary Tiseth ond Mrs Alex Christelles os Presiding Judges ore hereby appointed the Special Canvassing Boord for said election 

Antonio. Te|as. dentro los limites del Distrito Escolar monrionodo arriba y los lugares yo mencionodos para voter en ousencio permontceron abiertos siquiora 
Otho Kotos coda dm porn votor en ousencio nomos que no sea un sobodo dommgo, o un dm de fiesta del Estodo. prmcipiando el viente dia y continuando hosta el cuorto dia antes de lo fecha de la eteccion yo mencionoda Los lugares mencionodos para votor en ousencio permoneceran abiertos coda dia entre las 
8 3o a rn. y las 4 3o p rn los lugores describidos arriba poro votor en ousencio son tembien los domtcillras de las escnbanos para Votor en Ausencio donde las 
Aplicociones para la bolete y los boletes votodos por correo se deben envier 

5 Maqumm electorates se usaron en lo oleccion mencionoda amba poro votor en ousencio poi oparencra personal, y de ocueido con lo rosolucion yo monaonada y al (odigo Electoral Mary Tiseth y Sro Alex Christelles corno Jutzes per este son etegidos o lo Junto Especial para inspect town la eteccion men cmnado 

6 The manner of holding sate election sholl be governed, os nearly os moy be 1 
6 lo “ on,,° * ,*n*f 
,,#<tlon *■ 
“ ,o «obernodo. lo mas by the Election Code of this State, ond this Boord of Trustees will furnish all I 
1“ « (»•*> P" •* Cod'9« 
<** « '• 
V 
J«"to necessary ballots and other election supplies requisite to said election 
I o" ,C,1VO ' uPl,ro ,odo' lm bo,#,° ' Po,° ’ O'o' <omo n ,(,' ano P o,ro‘ Pro 
| vismnes indispensable* o lo election y mencionodo 

7 Immediately after votes hove been counted, the officers holding said alec 
I 
7 Inmedratomente despues que los votes soon contodos. los of moles en- tion shall moke ond deliver the returns of said election ond porform oil other 
I corgodos de tener la election mencmnoda horan y entregoran lot resultodos de duties os provided by the Election (ode 
| la eleccion mencionoda y eiecuteron otras obligational corno lo ostipule ol 

8 Tho Board of Trustees sholl give notice of said election ond this combined | 
Election Order ond Notice sholl serve as Notice for said election Tho President of | 

I 
I 
I 

(odigo Electoral 

8 Lo Junto Directive dom lo noticra de la eteccion mencionodo y este NOTICIA 

 the Board of Trustees it hereby authorized ond instructed to post or cause to hove posted sold combined Election Order ond Notice at three public plotes where notices ore customarily posted in this school district, and said posting sholl be made at toast TO days before the date of said tloction 

The President shall oho cause o copy of this combined Election Older ond I 
Notice to be published one time in a newspaper of general circulation in the | county where Hits school district is located Sold publication sholl be not more | thon 3o doys. nor less than IO (toys. before the dote of said election 

9 It is further found ond defermmod thor in occordonce with the order of ’he 
Boord of Trustees the Secretory posted written notice of the dote, place and sub pct of this mooting on the bulletin boord. located in the administrative office, o place convenient to the public, ond sold notice (raving been so posted ond remained posted continuously for at toast thiee days preceding the date of this I meeting 

It is further found ond determined that this district is located in Bexar County I ond thot written notice of the date, ploce and subject matter of this meeting | wos furnished to the County Clerk of such county ond thor sold notices were j 
4 hebono del Condodo de este condodo y que los noticras men posted by the County Clark on the bulletin board ot the door of the county | 
((on#do| <M#f#n onumi(Kfcn ^ 
,, [ Mf(bona M tandoda en el tobtero para courthouse tor sold county, a place convenient to the public, ot least three doys ptecedtng the date of this mooting Tho returns of said posting shall be attached to the minutes of this mooting and shall be a part thereof for all intents ond purposes 

The obove order being read, it wos moved ond seconded that the some do pass The question being coiled toe, oil membeis of the Bouid voted Aye 

/%/ W*lliom I Peace, III 
President, Boord of Trustees 

ATTEST; 

/» / Eugene G Johnson 
Secretary, Bourd of Trustees 

1o7 BUSINESS PERSONALS 
1o8 LOST UNO FOUND 
IID SPECIAL NOTICES 

SINGLES 
AKR has m em bers in Son Antonio a rv o E s ta b lis h e d , re s p e c ta b le introduction club M eet other sin ce re s in g le s lo c o lly 
$1o OO In tro d u c to r y o tte r 
A K R S e le c t 
Singles. Box 65/1. Corpus C h risti. 
Tx 76413 
Singles IN IO Y rs O pting 
Bv M atch m a ke r Inc 
1359 ja ckso n K e lle r Suite 3o5 
E xe cutive Center 144 t i t ! 
SPRING SP E C IA L *# P rice Mas soge F ree Sauna and W hirlpool 
1733 H o t Tokyo House 4 3 tt Bianco 
S U N D A Y S P E C IA L ! H a lf P ric e 
M assage fro m 13 4 Free Sauna 
713 I H I 43IR Stoneo Rd_________ 
TRY Our Sunday SIO S P E C IA L 
M ASSAG E! C oll Is l to r app oint m en!, we w ill be busy H o rn to] 
13pm PARIS R U R 6 . o93 3994 
3 Women w ith Massuse exp m ust re lo c a te to V ic to ria 
$1$o6 to 
$3,o6o per m onth Send Resum e ta 
M r King, Box 4171, V icto ria , 
Tx 779o1 

REW ARD for seeing eye dog—for the blind, ge rm a n shepard. tan black spots, answ ers to the name 
Ot H old!" 513 5511 514 8871 
___ 
R E W ARD ! H andsom e re w e ld tor re tu rn of G old Role# w atch 
An incredible am ount ot sentim ental v a lu e P le a se c a ll 49o 8414, o r 
69Q-oR94 o nytim e 
____________ 
R E W A R D ! S m o ll d a rk b ro w n 
C h ih u a h u a , lig h t b ro w n m a r k ­ in g s 
N a m e d “ R e b e l 
L o s t 
S h e n a n d o a h o re o 
1 -1 o 7 7 
334-7411, 494 oo91________________ 

REWARD Lost Dog SIDO to r in form ation leading to re tu rn o f m a le D o b e rm a n P m tc h e r na m e d " E ia s s a r " , 1 'iy r s old 
V e ry big B lack w ith tan m a rk mas and trim m e d ears W earing le a th e r c o lla r a n d ra b ie s tao 
M issing since Sun Fob I t in OI mos P ark Area Call 834 4191 or tit-6163 
$5o Reward Lost in P a rk V illage 
B lo ck and s ilv e r G e rm a n She- pherd puppy 451 9757 otter 5 

118 LODGE NOTICES 

2o8 APARTMENTS DUPLEXES 
21o HOUSES NORTHEAST 

IN VE STM EN T P R O P E R TY 
8 unit aal off Broadw ay, separate meters, priced tor less than S63oo per unit Call for details. 834-4388 
REAVIS REALTY CO _ _ 
JE F FE R S O N AR EA 
Lovely 2 story Old E nglish Style J la rg e units, e x c e lle n t co n d itio n 
Some appliances included. F ire p la c e in e a ch u n it, s e p a ra te m eters $39,ooo 
REALTOR 
*91-13oo 
Century 21 
E L A IN E LU D W IG A ASSOC 
625 MASON 
O ld e r 4 -u n it a p t huuse needs w o rk, but p ric e d lo sell W ilb e r 
1 L a tte rly, 
B roker 
654-1o17, 
514 8873. 
___________ 

NONE REHER 

2o2 HOUSES OPEN 
2o2 HOUSES OPEN 

Looking for a new home? 

TODAY’S YOUR LUCKY DAY. . . 

High Country Estates 
65 6-4 4 7 1 

$41,15o to $53,4oo 
Nacogdoches at Judson 
Meadow Wood North 
4 9 4 -6 1 6 3 

$34,ooo to $41,45o 
Jones Maltsbgr ot Thous. Oaks 
The Great Northwest 
684-11 23 

$38,5oo to $55,1oo 
FM 471 of Culebro 

VA, 
FHA, 
Conventional 
• Fireplaces 
• Oouble 
Garages 

North East or Northside Schools. 

Coates Development Co. 

C ourtesy to Brokers 

The tocation is perfect, bus alm ost at the d o o r, s h o p p in g c e n te r I block away This 2 sto ry rock du plex is ideal for a w o rking couoic. 
2 bedrooms, eoch apartm ent. 
344 8148 
Grace Arnold 
REALTORS MLS_______ 

ON CAYTON 
Home plus incom e On corner lot. | 
I bedroom each side plus 4 room cottag e on P ie d m o n t C o ll now 
824 4521. nites 674 o744 
Turner Realty 

T A M A R AK 
I c o r p e te d be 
I d ro o m s, 2 b a th s, fa m ily ro o m , I patio, very attra ctive . 521,ooo 
S J. Davis, R E ALTO R 327 9563 
I 
T R A D E or S E L L AP T M O T E L , j 
<32 u n its ), R eal m oney m a k e r. 
Bargain $67,5oo 734 *675._______ 

TOO STORY COLONIAL 
Duplex near Pecon V alley, corner lot B rick, la rg e room s, b u ilt in. c entral heat a ir, e xcellen t co n d i­ tion 555,9oo 
Van Buren & Assoc 
, 
*84 7171 
654 *4o8 
496 58*6 t| 

8 unit apa rtm e nt bouse 222 Pick- ( nev, Owner w illin g to toke in du- 11 plex on trade 
684 4311 or 751 9943 
PIO N EE R R E A LT Y 
U P LA N D 
3 bedroom s, 2 baths, gorage and c a rp o rt C entral air- heat 75°*> brick 524,95o 
S J Davis, R E ALTO R 
M 
L 
S 
_____________ 227 95*3 | 

PRE-OWNED HOMES 
•C IC IO TO S IU 
3 bedrooms, new on market HE 
V hoots Immaculate. Pmed to sell $72,9oo Hiles B26 776B 
KIDS W AM TID lovely 3-2 1 in Sungote Hew woll pope! ond carpet, fully equipped kitchen, fenced yard 
Many ounce added extras 
$77,2oo Hiles 494 2191 
H I ISM AS SEHRING 
3-2 2 with bonus room for game room or formol dining Fireplace and redwood covered patio 
$41,ooo Hites 824 9818 
G IM 
Fresh os spring. 3-2 with finished gome room. OPEN living concept 
Master bedroom, 18x1o, 1oo% brick • unbelievable! $27,99o 
Nites 658 1478 
LOW IO U ITT 
Owner transferred, quick possession, cheerful kitchen, 6 months old $31,59o Hites 824 
9818 
SNOW AMD SILL 
You ll find it bord to resist this 
Californian with custom drape*. 
Freshly pointed inside ond out 
4 7 2, in excellent condition 
$42,25o Hites 658 1428 
M O V ! IN 
3 2 2. with oversized family room, fireplace. 
Good equity 
QUICK possession $38,5oo Mites 
826 7668 
W O N’T LAST LONO 
Gigantic bock yard, trees 3-2 7 has hod much 
TIC 
Deluxe carpeting, extras galore Assume 
6% YA loan Quick occupancy 
$29,5oo Mites 658 1478 
QUIET LOCATION 
Reduced for quick sell Almost new, immaculate, privacy fence, nice londscapinq Oak trees ond other extras make Hits 3-2-7 a good buy. Move in. $38,75o. Hites 
656 8718 
K IA D T POD YOU 
UHDER $45oo eauity moves you into this SUPER CLEA) 
<Jof #_ r. 

NEW EXCLUSIVE AREAS 
• WHISPERING OAKS * COUNTRYSIDE 
• HUNTER S CREEK 
PRESTIGE HOMES 
• end iuxu«u*M 
Me^ e rn . B p c 
• Rpffing Mite and walt ira** 
\ B t 
■», i c 
• ta North Baal rn Northman 
S j »/Vr 
Zl/lC u* 
Stboet Dtetfte* 
7?»Ne^A 
• RaereaBon amas 
• Homa** »A66t o 
- j 
Patio. O if den end Batata Rome*. Or 
I m 
•ated ait#, cater* betta, ehoo** In- WHISPERING V * ? tarter decor 
V V 

4 9 2 1 o 6 8 • 4 9 4 -5 2 4 9 « 4 9 2 -2 2 7 2 

Y o u n g , r e s p o n s ib le in v e s to r wants to buv 3-35 older units fro m I re tin n g jjw n e ii^P a t^ 

21o HOUSESNORTHEAST 

2o1 REXI [STATT NOTICES 
2o4-PROPERTY OUT OF TOWN 

Cash tor your N orthside equity 
L a rry Bornebev34t-4455, *84-39o* 

CUSTOM BUILT HOMES 

6 9 6 7 7 1 o 

Y ORDE N ELECTORAL sirvtra corno Koticra poro lo eleccion mencionodo El 
Presidente de lo junto Directive por esto esto autorizodo t instrutdo o anuncwr o rouser a anomia! lo Hobe ta y Orden Electoral en ires lugores publicos donde oidinoriamente se onuncion las noficias en este dittrtte escoigt, y el onuncra mencionodo sera hecho a lo menos 7o dias ontesde la fecho de la election men cionodo 

El Presidente tombten (aurora que uno copra de esto combination de Hoticw y Orden Electoral sea pubteodo uno vez en un periodico de circulation general en el condodo donde este situodo el distrito escolor la publication mencionodo sera publicoda no mos de 3o dias. rn menos de IO dias. antes de la fecho de la electra,- mentranoda 

9 Aun mos se hollo y determine que de acuerdo con la orden de la Junta 
Directivo el Setietono onuncra por escrito la fecho, lugor, y osunto de este (unto en el tobtero para noticras situodo en lo ohana administrative, un lugor con vemente al publiro. y la noticra mencionodo quedo onuncrado y permanecio onunuoda contmuomente por lo menos Ires drat antes de la fecbo de esto tun to 

Aun mos se hollo y determine que este distrito otto situodo en el Condodo de 
Bejor y la noticra pot escnto con lo fecha, lugor y el osunto de esta junta fue 

 noticras en la puerto dal tdiftcra tribunal del condodo mencionodo. un lugar convenient# al publico, g lo menos Ires dias antes de la fecho de esto |unto Los resultodos del anunctc mencionodo saran juntodot con los minutes de esto junto y saran pone de este en todo el santido 

Lo orden de arriba despues de que fue leida. fue propueste y opoyodo que lo mismn se acepte En consecuencra de eso la pregunto swndo llomodu. todos los miembros de lo Junto Directive) votoron Aye 

/ $; W illia m I Peace, III 
President®, Junto D ire ctive 
A H t ST 

/ $ / Eugene G . Johnson 

S e cretario, Junto D ire ctive 

G O V E R N M E N T O w ned H om es 
For Sale. 3. 3 and 4 bedroom No down paym ent Anyone con buv 
Vet or Non V e te ra n 
W hy re n t when you can buy?. 
RED CARPET *53 *3*4_________ 

HAVE YOU HEARD?? 

M arie Fortuna, Ray Keuthon. 
Betty K irk p a tric k and Jeanne * 
Nowotny o re now doing busi­ ness as 

FORTUNA ASSOCIATES 
371o C olony 
696 1412 

HOMES - S2oo DOWN! 
MCVEY W EAL ESTATE 
933 17o* 
IM M E D IA T E CASH 
For Your Home We pay all clos­ ing costs* We olso toke trades 
Call 
494 5571 
*15 8474 
533 3353 
Century 21 

W A K E F IE L D REALTO R S 
$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$ 

 a l NEED IO HOUSES* 
San A n to n io R e al E s ta te pa ys cash tor yours in 73 hours. I pay oil closing cost 149 4511 
_______ $$$$$$$$$$$$$$$555_______ 

INVESTORS WAITING 

TO BUY Apartment 
C o m plexes, la rg e ra n c h e s anc 
T railer P orks Colt n o w !! 

SANTER CO., REALTORS 

653 o46o 

M a g n ific e n t c o u n try ho m e approx 3' i m iles N o rth B an­ d e ra , T x . on H w y I * 
3*> acres, lorge y a rd .'ro c k fence 
A p p ro x 36So sa t i 
I la rg e bedroom 14 9x36 7 sa ft., I* t b a th , g ig a n tic p a rty ro o m , wet bor. ce n tra l heat and air conditioned, plus 3 sepa rate rock cottages fo r your guest or teenagers. M edin a R ive r for b a ckya rd sw im m ing and fis h in g 
M u s t see to a p ­ p re c ia te 
L c s 
S p e n c e r, 
B roker. 134 5*81 

DOUBLE DOUBLES 
Here s some double talk about two doubles that offer rn vestment opportunities Whether owner occupant ot investor Con venrant to Randolph Air force 
Base, ft Sam, schools ond shop ping center. Call Norm Housley at 
653 6364 
$74,ooo tor both duplexes 
DON'T Bl SORRY TOMORROW 
CAU TOOAY 
For on appointment to see this lovely 3 bedroom. 2 bath home 
Ideo! 1' ation has mony extras 
Priced at $78,9oo hi a growing area Coll 653 6364 HOW before it s too late 
STOP GROANING START OWNING 
This beautiful 2 bedroom, 2 bath townhome large master bedroom, convenient to Ft Sam ond Randolph 
Just $186 per month at /% % interest ond 
$2,ooo down ond it s yours (all 
653 6364 to see today r id carpet, n 
E 
A 
L t p 
R s 
: 

AN 3 2 2 with 
> f.- ~ ----- huge 
(noster aUroot!.Joo drapes, corner lot Hites ASa-uf1 656 82)«. fb U T U D t 
Newly painted on a quiet cut de soc 4 2 2 has split bedroom pion. double gate to backyard Extra nice $27,ooo Hites 494-2191. 
CHARM GALOR I 
3-7-2. Valley Forge home low equity, mcely orroaged. quick possession $91,5oo Niles 822 

U lttO A K 
7% teat 
Assume 7% loon on this 3-1-1. fully equipped kitchen 
Extra dean S19.No Niles 494 2191 
CO RNU LOT 
Immaculate 4-2-2 with fenced yard ond Fireplace in popular 
Volley forge $41,9oo Nites 874 
9818 
TRANSFURID 
3-2-2, executive model home 
Immediate possession $38,6oo 
Net es 874 9818 
CAPTIVATING 
3-2-2, fuHy carpeted, garden kit­ chen, covered patio, SUNREN con version oreo, fireplace, pro fesswnaity landscaped 
Im mediate occupancy 
$41,9oo 
Nites 651 1428 
DAY OR NIGHT 
6 55-6848 
11 H J R ( U U s o u t h w e s t ] ! r e o l t i i 
I 

2o6 TOWNHOUSES 

W O O D S T O N E * 
4 9 4 8 WOODSTONE 
Country and carefree living con be yours today $ee these ex citing new townhomes with gorgeous hill country view 
Northwest area neoc UTS* ond 
USAA $38,7oo to $48,4oo Only 
SH down with one year buy bark plan For derails, roll 69o 
1197 
N a y lo r R ealty Inc. rn 

$25,5oo IN 
CAMELOT I? 
Not o misprint, just a super 

 home! Coll us and you d 

 better be quick! 
653-4 3 5 o 

DEANE 
OWENS CO. 
RUITOR-MLS 
Wallet** Rd. Otc 

Need To Sell Your Home Now'* 
For FAST S E R V IC E —Call 
344 55*4 H o r! M cC orm ick R i-oltor 
NO DOWN P A Y M E N T 
A N Y O N E C A N B U Y ! G o v e rn m en! acquired properties. 1-4 be d ro o m . 3 b o th h o m e s in good areas Call today tor details 
REALTOR 
*91 HUO 

BACHELORS DELIGHT 
7 bedroom townhouse. B rick b b a, c u s to m d ra p e s 
A s s u m e - paym ents under $17o or new toon of only $31,5oo *84 73oo 
C E N TU R Y 31 Schneider B epity 
CHARLES DICK EN S would be hoppy in this storybook setting of to ll chim neys, bay win dows, balcony 3 1 bd rm s in m in i-viliage Lush garden, pool 
MAC RE AL ESTATE 838 3531 
C O L O N IE S 
V IL L A G E 
Condom inium . 3 bedroom s. 3 full baths, a p p lia nces, shag ca rp e t 
E quity ond assum e $197 mo or refinance 
934 4535 
HASKINS R E A L T Y 
C O N D O M IN IU M FOR SALE 
Owner is desperate, wants $3,5oo equity tor I bedroom , 3 both con d o m in iu m in T u rtle C re e k 
As sume balance of $11,ooo ($ 1o,ooo equity sacrificed tor $3,$o o) 
141 IIM 
ABDO 
143 o911 
LU X U R Y TOW NHOME 
Good N I* location I bedroom s. 3 baths 
I s to ry G org eous lands cape d p a tio 
A re a p o o l a c ro s s street $14,5oo 
REALTOR 
*91 HOO 

RE ALTO R 
3 4M 8*ri 
EDYTHE B. COOPER 
AA I B A R G A IN BU Y 
13 3. tire . ploce. appliances $3oo down 
*9 * 743oSLA TER R E ALTY684 * ! *[ 

ALAMO HEIGHTS 
S e e in g is b e lie v in g ! A n im m a c u la te 4 b e d ro o m . 3 b a th home, (lying room w ith fireplace. I lorge separate dining, l l X 18 den. and m odern kitchen, ce n tra l heat and air Only $53,4oo 
836-o*o* 
REALTOR S 
83* 7995 
SUE W EEMS A ASSOC 

KEY GROUP 
A L A M O H E IG H T S SC HO O LS* 
C harm ing home w ith lots ot Sol > 
(ilia tile . I b e d ro o m s . 3 b a th s 
Living, dining room s patio) 
$13,5oo 
RE ALTO R S 
834 9*31 

HOMES Of DISTINCTION" 
Ie I t n l Wit an attar Un * kadrewB. I 
•ma 

ALAMO HOTS." 
Cir da Or I #*#n in . #rna4 $35.7 *4 
Ce» tar a ixk 
"TERREII MUS" 
J ke4taw*a. I M kt. lerga teaaty raw* 
UH al (Taraga ate date war. 

NORTHEAST AREA” d arn pint atte i a Ha 31 lia r 
Aaa* kl Oaaa m i taw** 

WINDSOR SQUARE" 

Call for tnlei'w attan 
822-33o1 
HARMAN RCALTOR5 

Century 21 Century 21 
E L A IN E LU DW IG A ASSOC 
_ 
- 

NO DOWN PAYMENT 

B L O O D 
7 D O N A T I O N S ? 

BLOOD - PLASMA 
SCRVICiS Of 
SAN ANTONIO 
NOW 
OPEN 
ACROSS PROM 
MUNICIPAL AUDITORIUM 
AT 
112 AUDITORIUM CIR. 
Ma*.-PH. S M AJA 4 oo PJR. 
CLOSED SAT. A SUN. 
$ PAID DONATIONS $ 
ONLY 

1o8 LOST AND FOUND 
REWARD 

FO UN O m ole b lo ck ond w h ite ! dog N o rthern H ilts oreo *51 I i * ! ; t ■••mu Muir SMM M I S M Mfg 
Weeks Ago a fte r donate S ta rrie s t 
Area *55 o953___________________ 
LOST b la ck te rn a te L a b ra d o r 
R etriever w ith R A FB rabies tog 
Answers to "M a n d y " 
U n ive rsa l 
City vicin ity R E W A R D ! *58 7*15 : 
*58 84*9 
I 
LOST 
D a lm atian ternate, I black e a r a n d re d b a n d a n a a ro u n d neck Answ ers lo ' G itana *. C all 
*9**41o (w o rk ) or 344 1174 Otter lp m 

Lost 
Fem ale Iris h Setter, S ierro 
No 
A re a 
A n s 
Ie 
" L a d y " 
*41 4391, *53 3478 OU tee F oul 
Lost ternate, blue g ra y cat, white 
(ace neck pows, red edito r, L ive 
Ooh, re w o rd *53 1148 
_____ 
M M T : g ra y m ole W iem araner, 55 lbs. answ ers to 
M ax ’ V ic in ity of 
N o rth S ta rt M a lt 
S u b s ta n tia ) 
REW A R D ! 344 59*7 714 7358 ___ 
LOST mote Iris h Setter, tagged 
16 lb s . 3 y r s o ld in ta a n d 
H ildebrand Jim 733 7683 434 6331 
LOST 
M o t* P e km gn ese in th * v ic m ty et 1166 P in e b ro o k a n d 
C a lla ghan A n sw e rs lg M u ffin 
Clute s Hat 344 141# j 
LOST 
R eddish b ra w n dog, Jet terson area W earing beige and 
(lea cottars, no lags A p pro x 
35 lbs R ew ord 734 142J_______ ____ 

SSO REWARD 
For into leading to the re tu rn ut 
B e autitu l la rg e block and it tan 
G e rm a n S h e p h e rd H u s k y 
Ap pres 
3 y rs 
Back paw has one e x tra tong to e n a il Lost T rin ity 
U n iv e rs ity A re a , Sun f o b 
36 
Call ZIP 44t» or 4?3 454) 
REW AR D VIOO 
F o r m a le K e o s h o u n d , b la c k gray white. 5 mos old. tost near 
P leasanton So F io re s F A M IL Y 
MISSES H IM ! $33 3691 
RE W AR D FOR HE TURN GF SI 
I E S N AR D 734 9853 
SSO RE W AR D tor re tu rn et solid chrom e case TV H andle on top 
(olds down C o ntrols in low er it hand corner 713 *528 

Mate B ritta n y Spaniel, w hite and ru s t nom ed " Y a m b o " t i * 718* 
838 8444 ext ISI 
WE VE M O V E D * Lost g ra y cut w ith white on paws and lace 
684-531* 
____ 

TR A V E LE R S O VER SEAS 
R E SID E N C E 
S p a c ia l P e rs o n a l A ffa ir s Sor vices M ail F o rw a rding. B anking and Buv Assistance Etc Johnson 
Service, Box 182*5. San Antonio, 
Tx 71311 

11o SPECIAL NOIICES 

'A ' Aaugor ne o n s clogged dram s and sewers best plu m b in g repotr too One call does it alt, p ric e s b e fo re we s to rt 
Seven d a y s a week Call a nytim e 341 *134 or the white popes tor A Aouger 
_ _ _ 
Alm ost Fro# T ranspo rtation 
To St Louts, C in c in n a ti. H a rris b u rg Pa and New O rleans And 
Other points 234 223) 

ART LESSONS 
P ainting, d ra w in g , any m edium 
S till lite . la n d s c a p e , p o r t r a it 
B e g in n e rs a n d a d v a n c e d students D etails 
H e rm an de Jo ri, 83* 1858 

U D R IV E OUR CARS 
ANY O T Y SHARE GAS 
N A T , INC 
__________ (713) 988->o38 
1186 YEAR S 
ESCORTS A LL OCCASIONS 
Be one or have one 
_ _ _ M 4 l l l 5 J 4 * l t 3 5 ^ ^ ^ 

114 ENTERTAINMENT GUIDE 

C H A R T E R 
Y O U R 
OW N 
F L IG H T ! Business trip s, fish in g trips, you nam e it. We ll tty ti! 
I 8* * 3471 

V A L L E Y HI C H A P TE R No 1146. 
O E S 235 C edarhurst R e g u la r: m eeting Monday, 8 P M V isitors a re a lw a y s w e lc o m e 
O 
Schillings W M . *55 3248, Helen 
Neat, Sec 47* 381o______________ 
V A LLE Y HI C H A P TE R No 114o 
O E S 235 C edarhurst R egular m eeting M onday. S P M V isito rs a r * a lw a y s w e lc o m e 
O 
Schillings. W M ; *55 2248. Helen 
Neot Sec *74 381o 

12o - blOS I PROPOSALS 

NOTICE TO BIDDERS 
Bids tor the sale of a 19*7, 34 pas sanger school bus w ill be accept ed by the M c M u lle n C ounty In dependent School D is tric t ot Trustees Contact. W illis Boone. 
S u pt . Box 355. T ild e n . T e x a s 
78672. Phone 512 274 JHS Dead line tor subm itting bids is A p ril 2, 
1477 
The B o a rd re s e rv e s th# rig h t to occept or re ie ct ony or alt iud* 
_________ 
Sealed bids w ill be received by th * 
D ire cto r ot Business Services ot 
Education Service Center. Region 
26 to r the p u rc h a s e o t P R E - 
; S E R V E D GRASS FR O G S AN O 
EA R TH W O R M S u n til 3 o6 p rn , 
M arch IO, 1977 
Item ize d details a re on tile and a v a ila b le upon request in the P u rcha sing Office, 
I 155o N E Loop 416. Son Antonio, 
! Texas 78269 
June Patton. P u rcha sing Agent 
The Boord of trustees F o rt Sam 
Houston I S O w ill receive sealed bids until 3 OO p rn , on M a rch 34. 
1977 tor th* purchase al ( I ) light duty diesel tractor 
Specifications and alt tim es m ay be obtained fro m the attice al the 
Business M anager. 19oo W inans 
Road, or coli 124 7539 
S Wane# President 

Anyone can q u a lity ) Vets. d o n t lose your e lig ib ility 1-4 bedroom s, 
2 b a th s som e w ith a ir a n d ap plionces 
Paym ents less 
(hon rent 
BOB DePAOLO 
144 3o91_______________ REALTO R 
PR O PER TY OWNERS 
We only ch a ra * $3oo com m ission to r se llin g hom es re g a rd le s s o il p rice C H A R LE S W ATTS R E A L ] 
E S T A T E 
732 2918. 
732 S1SS, 
228 91o4 O PEN 24 H ours a Day, 7 
Goys o Week__________________ , 
R ENTAL M A N A G E M E N T 
Have our professional s lo t! hon die you re n ta l p ro p e rty C oll to r, details today 
$34 o834 
N iles 494 14o4' 
Ss Century 21 
W A K E F IE L D REALTO R S 

WE LL BUY YOUR HOME 
F or cash Fast Service W ill trade 
BOB DePAOLO 
I t ) IOU 
R E ALTO R 1 
WHY PAV RENT 7 Own your own home, no dow n p a y m e n t lo an yone' Paym ents less than rent 

?o2 HOUSES OPEN 

ALL BRICK 3 bedroom I * * bath 
HOME B U IL T ON YOUR LOT 
$1* 95o IOU G ordina att W Ave 
SPECIA B U ILO E RS Inc 3*9 1491 
FOX RUN NO RTHEAST 
J and 4 bedroom homes 
V45.oo6 lo $51,9o6 
VA FH A No city taxes 
H A R R IN G TO N HOMES 
344 1*34 
454 644o 

E L A IN E LU D W IG 8 ASSOC 
MAR Y MON T A R E A G lam orous 
Tow nhouse 3 3 'i. m a s te r su ite dow n 
3 c a r g o ra g e 
13* 243*.I 
Jones King Regilt)! s________ ___ 
OFF W A LLE M RO 2 bedroom s. carpets, a ir 52oo down 
*9* 743oSLATER R E AL TY 344 o43 

PRIVACY ■ LOCATION 
H ave you been lo o k in g to r th e ] tolol deal This is on# ol the best in town T wo bedrooms, 2 b o ttu with firepla ce, reedy to m ove in w ith , drapes and re frig e ra to r 
E n io y the tun of the sw im m ing pool this sum m er Close to Loop 41o rn the 
M arym ont Area. Only $44,5oo for 
Toos in enviornm ent and p riv a c y 
349 4343 or 34* J5JS A nytim e 
Beanie Owens Cn 
REALTOR S B lonco Rd QU 

RARE CEM 
J bedroom, 2 baths. I story town house 3 livin g areas, only J m in 
U tes (ro m M o d C e n te r 
O n ly 
$34,*oo D on't hesitate* 
LANDMARK. REALTORS 
*oo h o i 

SENECA ESTATES 

J bedroom , J*» both, lu x u ry 3 s to ry Tow nhouse. 3 c a r fin 
• s h e d g a ra g e 
$4o.$oo 
*84 3711, *84 IIM , 344 43*7 

BARBERS 
B A R B ER BO AR D w ill m eet Sun day Feb 27 at 2pm Lew is Barber 
College *2o8 S F lore s *34 388o 

 fOR RENT 
H o u rly or d a ily A u d ito riu m ond 
P orty room b ea utitul N o rth Side 
Location, great tor m usic, clubs, p a r tie s , w e d d in g r e c e p tio n s , m e e tin g s o f a ll k in d s 
C a ll 
344 4 5 J* 
N e ar N o rth S tar and 
Centro! P o rk M oll_________ _____ 
J«Mv Press Instant P rin tin g 
A lu ll service p rin t shop near you 
1*8* M cCullough *311 Son P edro tro t SW M ilita ry Dr 
42o9 F re d e ricksb u rg Rd 
23* E Rhapsody at San P e d ro 
M a rn o g e or D ivorce Counseling p riv a te , p e rso n a l, c o n fid e n tia l 
344 2384 or 733 $75*____________ 

PHOTOGRAPHY 
W edding debuts 
Alt occasions 
$33 98*3_______ 
Tea cash paid tor yo u r aid new spaders and c o rru g a te d i t * Co ra ivo APCO PA P E R STOCK 

118 L M tt m i t t s 

BE X A R CH AP TER No *1*. O E 
S Stated M eeting M onday, I P M 
)847 W n o isom e. Sec 343 le i* 
C O M M U N IT Y LO DG E No MOI. 
A B E A M , S t* A la m ito s 
S tated 
C o m m 
M o n d a y , 
I 36 
P M 
M em bers urged to attend V isitin g 
B rethren welcom e J Knox Dun con, W M 
C Mc Erie ash Sot 
N A T M W A S H E R L O O G E No 
1376. AF BAM. 313 C ity St Called 
Comm M onday, M a rch 14, a l * JC 
P M tor w ork on (2) M M Degress 
D egrees 
A ll m e m b e rs aged to o tte n d V is itin g B re th re n wet come A ndrew H 
Banda. W M 
Alex S unthei. Sec 
P R O S P E C T H IL L L O D G E No 
1247, AF AAM , 1238 W F rench Pl 
Stated Comm M onday, 7 36 P M 
M em bers urged to ottend H enry 
E 
Jolley. Jr w M 
Bob John son, Sot 
_ 
SAN AN TO NIO LO D G * No 1o79, 
A F O A M 
13$ w 
M a p le 
S tated 
C o m m 
M o n d a y a t 7 IO P M 
M r m ot-1 s urged to anna V isitors w e lc o m e 
R o b e rt A 
P a lm e r, 
W M H B Modeler Sec______ 
TRIUNE LODGE No IS A FO AM 
1*14 B asse Rd 
C a lle d C o m m 
M onday, M a rch 14. 19/7 a t 7 36 
P M tor P roficiency exam in ation and also w o ik in M M D e g re e 
M e m b e rs u rg e d lo a tte n d W itt tors welcom e John P A lexander, 
IN M ; R obert B aker, Soc 

124 • LEGAL NQI ICES 

TO B t SOLD AT P U B LIC AUC 
TION 
13*1 B andera Rood. ! * / * 
P o n tia c 
I d o o r 
Sec iu l No 
2 J $ 7 M *P 2*3578 b y P e n ta g o n 
F ed era l C re d it U nion Setter re waMeMxmaafixLiMeSMBMLaaaiB 
2o1 REAL ESTATE NOTICES 

A ttention) Before you buy or soil rin g Bell We buy equities Cash 
B E L L R E ALTO R S 3 » 4445 
I 
AVAIL ABLE S35O.OOo Quick cosh to r houses or e q u itie s We pay clo sin g tov* F a st S e rv ic e ! A ny area condition or size 
Ask tor 
Adolph 
A LLSTA TE RE ALTO R S 
431 1245 or >28 4817 nites 

BEFORE YOU SELL 
L e t us m ake a CASH o tte r tor your home or equity Call n o w 
The 
Home 
M o il 
*55 13o1 

CASH tor HOMES 
We Buv HOMES and E Q U IT IE S 
Honest, E ffic ie n t and F ast Set yico We poy all C losin g Costs 
Call Tony or Bernice. 141 *11* 
SPECIA REAL TORS 

$26,5oo to $31,9oo 
New 3 2 1s • 3-2 2 % 
*84 8584 (n it* 124 137* A n ytim e ) 

THERE AIN’T NO WAY you can bea t liv in g in the San 
P e dro H ills tow nh ouse 
H eated pool, cabana w ith lu ll kitch e n tor parties and g o ld e n e r tor a start or relax in your tow nhom e w ith wet bor fire p la c e , big kitch e n , tw o or I b e d ro o m s, or a super b a c h e lo r p o d w ith g a m e lo ll 
Storting ot $42.966 
Coll 349 1414 A n ytim e 

*AL AMO HG TS* a ttra c tiv e hom e in q u ie t neigh borhood. 4 bedroom , 2 both, form 
Iv room w ith b u ilt ms, m ony ex tra y Idea) to r fa m ily w ith c h il dr en, to schools $48,5o6 71* 191* 
H A H REALTY 

ALAMO HGTS SCHOOLS 
I bedroom. I bath cottage, hard wood floors, covered p a tio Low 
2o $ 824 o28# 
STEVE T. FINCH 
A L L 
S TO N E 
1 2 2. c a r p e t, c o u n try k itc h e n , c o r n e r lo t. landscaped $12,5oo Call 
IN TE RSTATE >28 o/5> tit 8 pm 
A N X IO U S TO S E L L 
I 2 2 w ith vaulted ceilings, tire p ia c e d den carpet $41,5oo Call today 
IN TERS TATE 828 o755 til 8 P" 
A T TE N TIO N 
FIRST SHOWING 

• WHITE PERFECTION • 
F ro m the cut de sac approach to the te rro zo entry to the covered pa tio and p riv a c y fenced y a rd this home is perfection 1-2, dining ro o m F a m ily ro o m tF P , h ig h bea m ed c o ilin g ) p lu s G A M E R 
OOM S p rinkler sys In Regency I 
$59 7 5o 83* 2147 
Thelma B.Preissman 

A V E R Y A N X IO U S O W N E R wonts otter 3 bedroom s, a ir. cor pets $t*4 mo No q u a lifyin g 
*4* 742oSL ATE R R EA LTY149 927 

Bargain Hunters Special 
No down paym ent to anyone 14 bedrooms, 2 baths, some w ith oir and all appliances F irs t paym ent in Moy 
BOB JcP A O LO 
144 1o9) 
RE ALTO R 

B A R G A I N 
Large 1-2 2. E quity, assum e $258 o mo 
*51 4353__________________111 3 t il 
I 1 z bath. 3 bedroom , takes only 
$369 cash NE s c h o o ls , fe n c e d yard Ed G ilb e rt 833 5868 

BEAUTIFULLY CLEAN 
2 story, lust N orth of Ft Som HOO 
%q It livin g area w ith firepla ce, central a ir and heat. 3 bedroom s. 
I* i baths, fo rm a l dining and de 
(a ch e d g a ra g e w ith a llic ie n c y a p a rtm e n t. $3$,OOO. b v a p p o in t m ent only 

San Antonio Real Estate 

3231 West Ave 

349-6531 

BE NIMBLE-BE QUICK! 
See this open and spacious 3 be­ d ro o m , 2 b o th one riv in g a re a home, w ith country kitch e n In the 
, low 4o $ In Oak F o rts ) E states before it gets away 
Coll 349 143* A n ytim e 
BASSE WEILBACHER 
(NC, REALTO R S_______ 

BUS STOP 
H ILLS 

7o4 PHOPERTY GUT OE TOWN 
BASSE WEILBACHER 

S B E D R O O M H O M E 
Loca ted in N o rth e rn H ills I tty areas. 2 din orcas, open buri any to term ly rm S plit bde rn a n a n dement P rice $59,966 124 o171 
BED CARPET 
RE AL TORS 

EAST 
T E R R E LL 
LO CATIO N 
Newly painted J bedroom . 3 both home Hardw ood floors, new root 
Q u a lifie d b u y e r m a y h a ve im ­ mediate occupancy on open term s and priced to sell of 824.5oo Act now* 
349 4343 or 349 353$ A nytim e 
Deanie Owens Co 
RE ALTO R S Btonco Rd OK 
BUY HER AN E A S IE R HOUSE 
T h is 4 b e d ro o m . 2 b a th . I c a r garage has lots ot e x tra s and a reasona ble p ric e I t 'il la s t a tot lo n g e r th a n an E a s te r B o nnet 
Im m ediate occupancy 
828 8195 R EALTO R S 
RED CARPET 

BY OWNER AG EN T B rick J 2 3. in Devonshire, About I y r old 1*1o 
Sa F t L a rg e to m ily ro o m w ith paneling, viooe ceilin g firepla ce, custom d ra p e s th ro u g h o u t, ca r pet. finished garage, covered pa­ tio . p riv a c y fe nce, la rg e o aks. ta ro com plete *94 >1*8 
BY OW NER AG EN T R edecorat cd 3 I den. 315 T eakw ood, new root. C ontrol a ir $34,98o 813 18*1 
B Y O W N E R l i t . a ir . n e a r school, tented *$1 4199, *98 114* 
By o w n e r. 
4 l l , a p p ro x 
18ooSa F t . fire p la c e 
COV patio, man# extras VA 7*% loon. $47,$oo 
*$3-$788 
BY OWNER. 32 2. centra) air ond heal, dish w a sh e r, disp o sa l, cu r tom s and rods stove, b ric k on co rn e r lo t $2$oo e a u ity and os sumo. Mg Agents 111 4413 
BY O W N ER . C o lonial 2 s to ry. 4 bedrooms. I baths. 3oo6Sa F t , ot lu xu ry hying, fireplace, in tercom , ail am enities M oving. S a crifice . 
$4* 566 t in e L u rk Y o rk *55 1o*7 
BY O W N ER . 4 l l, C ul Oe Soc, 
C e n tr a l a ir , c a r p e t, te rm s i 141 4181 Of 83* I Q 
I * ________ 
By ow ner, 1 2 2, $3,OOO e q u ity . 
$38* mo Volley For go, *$ * 7178 
By owner, 4 l l, F ire p la c e , den. a ttic ton a ir and heat e le c tric ga rage doo r. c a th e d ra l c e ilin g , new paint, dishw asher, $1$,9o6 
458-8851 
BY OWNER G ie e tih e ld V illage * 
Or 5, 2 2 27oo Sa F t 
1 1 a cre tot, lu x u ry fe a tu re s P re lis tin g bai gam Below m a rke t *58 1441 

S CASH S 
FOK YOUR HOME OR E Q U ITY 
WE PAV A LL CLOSING COSTS 
*24 4111 
HUGHES B BRISCOE 

BUILDER MUSI SELL in N ew B ra u n fe ls . N ew B ric k 
J 2 'j 2, 2ooo Sa F t . fire p la c e , 
541,9oo, Term s 143 5*oo 
__ 

•C entral Colorado# 
W ooded. 5 p lu s o c re t r a c t of fo rm e r S outh P a rk R a n c h , 55 miles West of Coloi ado Springs att 
State Hwy 74, Slate land borders one side of tract. Pikes Peak Na liana! Forest surrounds Ronch on three sides. Spectacular view of 
R o cky M o u n ta in R o n g e , C o lt 
234 4391 tor in fo rm a tio n _________ 
D E V IN E TX 
354 S o llQ ck D r large corner lot t blk gall course, total electric I bedroom , 2 b a th ,; s culptu red shoo ca rp e tin g , dish washer, large polio, fenced v o id w ater sottner stora ge shed no agents 
A ppointm ent only 
I *41 5787________________________ . 
IN B O E R N E o ld e r 3 b e d ro o m home, obout I acre, lots et oaks and tr a it tre e s 
H as o w n w e lt 
>12,5oo F irm I 755 4414 

 to t frit I A S I! St Mi sue I S 
UN A W A N I AO 
IH I NUMOIM IO CA H 
IS 23$ 1 6 *6 
IX KNISS ANO NIW S 

INC RE ALTO R S 
I t l l TMK USM VIE W LANE No 12 
O ft E is tn h a u ar R d lu s t p a s t 
H a rry W urzbach 2 s to ry . I be­ dro o m , 2‘ i b ath. 2 c a r ga ra g e , p u *l, te n n is c o u rt, c lu b house 
* * 5oo Me agents 
_ 
___ 
W OODBRIDGE TOW NHOMES 
In Town 
Location 
Super 
Am enities 

2o8 APARTMENTS UUPLEXtS 

ALAMO HEIGHTS 
4 unit apt budding, app ro xim a te ly 
34oo s a ri 
E xce lle nt centra) tocation 

POGUE 6 POGUE, INC. 
>11 1154 
Since 1445___ *24 o*98 
By ow ner, 4 u n its, 4o1 W a rre n 
SII 88o cosh or trod e 711 6418 

GET THE LEAD OUT it your m oney is n t w o rk in g tor you it s costing you 
This 4 pies w ill have voui money w o rkin g fur you 24 h o u rs a d a y 
* 5 S os caponey 
Colt today tar details 
•§4 / 
IE NT UUY l l Ut!ii«»de« U tility 

Open Monday thru fridoy 4 A.M. lo 5:3o P.M. 
DEADLINES: 
Monday thru Thursday 

J OO P M (or Following Day 
Friday I - 3 o for Saturday 
Friday S P M for Sunday 
Fridoy 5 3o P M For Monday 
CLOSED SATURDAY AND SUNDAY 

Cancellations and Corrections con be made 
Monday thru Friday 8 A M til 5 3o P M 

[ O M F C R A I 

S I M O V ! IN V A 
CONVfMTKMAl S S DOWN 
No Fayapont TIN April 77 
Wo hove several J bedroom pie rn.. 
$28,OOO-$34,95o 
AU MONUS FIAT Oil: k*' 1ooS Brick Construction 
\S Monde rafted - Wood burning Fireplace \S Energy 
✓ Saving Package ✓ Cor 
K l 
Central heat air \S luxe Magic Chef all Electric 
Kitchen ✓ 2 Cor Garage 
5 FURNISHED MODELS 
OPEN 9-9 
W OODSTONE 
1 
C A U 
JOH N GILLIAM o$6-5474 

Express-News— Monday, March 1 4 , 1977 
21o HOUSESHORTHEAST 

TRADE IN 

 yoOr old house for o new all brick home 

EASY TO DO: 

You pick one of our new homes and we toke your old house in trode, N o bother, no double p ay­ ments 

Call today on how to trode in your old house on a new oil trick home. 
6 5 9 - o 4 7 1 

MEDITERRANEAN STUCCO 

Unusual 2 story in historical 
Monte Vista Columned entry hall 
Living room with fireplace. Mer icon style kitchen 4-2 

NEAR TRINITY 

Out of the way setting, bnck home, country kitchen with fireplace, fully finished basement 3 - 2 V». Immediate or cuponcy. 

Owner anxious 

OLMOS PARK - Delightful bnck home 
Beautiful condition 
Spacious living dining and den. lovely landscaped lot 

TERRIFIC oo-oVER 

Charming cottage in need of TIC. 
Convenient to Trinity and the mall, detached guest house with both 

CAROLYN GRAHAM 
REALTOR 82B-8A73 ANYTIME 

21o HOUSES i m m 

BELOW VA APPRAISAL 
Buy this better thon new 3 bedroom, 2 bath home for less than VA appraised value 2 living areas plus breakfast area lots of carpet Open terms 
ASSUME OR REFINANCE 
Charming 3 bedroom, 2 bath home with fondly, kitchen and all appliances Open Terms 
SELLERS ANXIOUS 
Delightful 3 bedroom, 216 both townhome 
Priced to sell 
$26,ooo 

FOR on AILS AND VIEWING 
U U 653-o57o ANYTIME 
WORLD WIDE 
REALTY 

21o-HOUSES NORTHEAST 

OU) CAMELOT lovely Spanish Style 3 bedroom, 2 bath and finishes double garage 
King size master suite, huae den, tree shaded large yard with sculptured lawn $37,5oo Call 828- 
S7o4 
THIS WEEK'S SPECIAL 
The owner has bought onother home and needs to sell auick No qualifying, low equity ana assume this nice 3 bedroom, 2 both, garage, central air, carpeting, conge, dishwasher 
Quiet or- 

21o HOUSESNORTHEAST 
21o - HOUSES NORTOHST 
Z12 HBMtS MOHTtWltST 
121? HOMtS WORTHWtST 
212 • HOMESKOPHHKST 
212 HOOKS MOOTHWST 

R E G E N C Y E L E M E N T A R Y ! 4 bedroom, 2 bath hom e has beau­ tiful, big b a c k y a rd ! Fire p lace d fam ily room, form ol living room. 
T R E E S 1 
*49,ooo 
R E A L T O R S 
653-7341 
Guy Shipman Co 

D A N N Y BO Y 

 will love this cute 3 bedroom, 2 both 

 home living room cmd fomily room; 

 covered patio 2 car garage with tool 

 shed Shows welt, many extras. A 

TERRIFIC BUT at 535 OOO 

BOB MCGINNIS 
REALTORS 
3 4 9 -6 2 ll 

Thinking of Spring... 
... and swimming? And want to emoy tho EASY UFI? ... Thou soo mis luxury pardon homo! 
Ex (optional y appointed pro­ perty Smell yard far tho lazy 
Irving and a beautiful swim pool for exorcist and en­ tertainment 
$65,ooo. 
EASY 
ASSUMPTION! 828-6343, eves 
655-264o 

□ 

COP NCL I US 

A ASSO C/A T ISI 

WINDCREST 
Spacious and gracious, 4 bedroom, 2 ba lb, all car­ pet. 
Fireplace and many extras. $ 7 1,ooo. 
Assum e 7 W o at $271 per month. 
653-435o 
DEANIE 
OWENS CO. 
REALTOR— AUS 
Id. CHc. 

CAMELOT ll 

JUST LISTED • PRICED RIGHT 4 bedroom, 2 bath on large corner lot 2 living oreos, fireplace in fomily room, built ins in kitchen. 
Only $41,ooo Mites 65S 2394 

EASY LIVING 

In this 2 bedroom, 2 both deluxe condominium. All custom drapes and carpeting. Washer and dryer. 
531,5oo Mites 656 7S8o 
NAYLOR REALTY 
GALLERY OF HOMES 
656-552o 691-1121 341-9191 

M A C A R T H U R T E R R A C E 
Choice location, excellent schools. 
3 year old, Colonial red brick.,- 3 bedroom s, 2 baths, d ressin g room off m a ste r suite. 27x13 fa m ily room with large fireplace H uge b r e a k fa st ro o m , m a n y lo v e ly b u ilt-in s. n ic e d r a p e s , im ­ m a c u la t e 
Q u ic k p o s s e s s io n . 
$51,5oo 344-8348 
G r a c e A r n o l d 
R E A L T O R S M L S 

MEADOW WOOD NORTH 
Vacant • 4 bedroom - I living area 
• fireplace • alm ost new - corner lot • fenced 
N O R T H E A S T S C H O O L S 
E a sy assum ption - low equity - B 'S loan 
49o-93oo 
342-4286 
C L IN T W E IL B A C H E R 

ROCK AND CEDAR 
Traditional large 4 bedroom home with form al living areo. Satillo tile fam ily room with fireplace and large coverd patio. Fairley priced at $49,9oo Niles, 341-5o5o 
494-7711 
D O N JO H N SO N . R E A L T O R S 
KEY GROUP 

R O Y A L R I D G E 
N E W H O M E S 
6o23 Royal Pl. 3 2-2 $44,3oo 
4o26 Royal Pf. 4-2 2 *44,o75 
6o38 Royal Pl. 4 2' i-2 *5o,o75 
2 S T O R Y R O C K 
6114 Royal P l 5 2'1-2 *53,4oo 
2 S T O R Y 1oo% ST U C C O 
2x6 exterior walls. 6' insulation in walls, IO' in ceiling; double pone w indow s; steel do o rs with m a g ­ netic weather strip; turbine roof vents. These features save ***-• approx 3o-4o% engery bill. Com ­ plete kitchens, fully carpeted, intercom. 

M O N T E V IS T A 
B v ow ner: 3 b ed room , 2 bath. 
L a rg e living room, dining room, kitchen Beautiful glo ss solarium , 
*8o,ooo, 2o6 E A g a r it a , b y ap- pointmen! only, 735-5584________ 

HELP! 

B y owner, in Valencia. 4-2-2. cent air-heat, beautifully landscaped, coy patio, carpet, *51,9oo 13o15 
E l Semipro. 656 2998_____________ 
B v owner, Live Oak, *26.ooo 4 2-1 
Carpet, fence, patio cover, central air heat. range, dishw ash er, d is­ posal, 655-6874. 
_______________ 
B v owner, Live Oak. 4-2-2 2 story. 
*36.ooo 
7 % V A loon 
*279 mo 
656-29o3__________________________ 
B v owner, 4-2-2, living and dining a r e a s , c a rp e t, p a tio c o v e r , fenced, N E iS D . 655-2527_________ 
B v owner. Live Oak, 4-2-2. living, d m m ga n d fam ily room s. Covered patio, p r iv a c y fence. A s s u m e 
*227 mo. or refinance. *38,5oo 
6S3-5827. 
____________________ _ 
B y owner. Live Oak, 3-2-2, extra la rg e room s, stone fire p lace in livin g room , ca th e d ra l ce ilin gs, drapes, carpet, w orkshop, beou titul view of R A P B 7 m i a w ay , very good condition. *48oo eauity, 
*33o mo. 6S6-67Io.________________ 
B y ow ner, no a g e n ts, 3-2-2, in 
Cam elot W alk to 3 schools and 
W indsor P k M a il L a rg e corner lot 
2 C o v e re d p a t io s , a b o v e gro u n d pool. L a rg e fenced g a r ­ den W ater softner. m ony other e x tra s M u st see to appreciate 
Shown by appointm ent only. Call 
6*5-27o5 
__________________ 

ELDORADO 
F IR S T T IM E O F F E R E D . 
Country casual C ontem porary in d e sig n . 7 5 % w h ite ro c k . J b e ­ droom s, electric kitchen, custom d ra p e s, d o u b le g a ra g e , u tility room. A ssum e 7% loan of *261 or refinance 
*37,5oo 
341-72o1 
R E A L T O R S 
JOHN FLOURNOY INC 

E L D O R A D O 
Model home, 3-2-2, large kitchen, in c lu d e s r e fr ig e ra t o r , te rra z o entry, w ater softener and m uch more. Lan d scap ed lo perfection. 
Don't m iss it! 456-1234 
RED CARPET 

B Y O W N E R Off P e rrin Bedel R d 
3-1' i-1, central air and heal. c a r­ p e l. sto v e , c a s t d r a p e r ie s , privacy fence *74,SOO No ogents 
344-1141 or 656 19o3 ofter 5pm 

BY OWNERS 
F R E E R e fe rra ls to other hom es 
"F o r Sole Bv O w n e r" 342 9393 
Son Antonio H om eow ners Broker 
B y Ow ner *37.SOO 1SSo sq. tire otace. c o rn e r tot, patio co ve r, privacy fence, carpel, drapes 
633-1743. 
_______________________ 

E L D O R A D O . W ant to buy lust a house, see a realtor. W ont to buy a nice hom e, b uy m in e ! 3 2 2, large kitchen, cathedral ceiling, f a m ily ro o m w ith fir e p la c e , fenced yard, trees on cut-de sac, low m o n th ly p a y m e n ts for as- sum ption 656-5o11._______________ 
Enchanted Forest- Space to Spare 
New to market, 2ooo sa it of living area, lovely 4-2-2 split-level on corner lot New custom drapes. yard shaded buy oak trees W on't lost long 
C e n t u r y 2 1 
W H IT E H E A D H O L L ID A Y 
681 o3oo 
R E A L T O R S 
341-7115 

W e need new lis t in g s tor our b ra n d new clie n ts. S a le s h o ve never been so good 
POGUE & POGUE, INC. 
822 1154 
Since 1945 
822 1532 

HOLEINONE 
Con be m ade from the back vord of th is go lf c o u rs e tot. B e tte r 
H o m e s a n d G a r d e n 's w o u ld choose to shoot this one for their 
M arch issue. 3-2-2 with fireplace, m a t c h in g s p r e a d s to go w ith matching drapes. 
G orgeous home! 
656-3ooo Anytime 
Deanie Owens Co 
R E A L T O R S P e rrin Bedel Ofc 

MONTE VISTA 
! A unique contem porary on a g o r­ geous lot. This home offers peak 
I living in the heart of San Antonio 
' 4 bedroom s, 2 baths, plus 2 room q u a r t e r s w ith b a th , p ool a n d gazebo. Available immediately. 
826-o6o6 
R E A L T O R S 
824-91o9 
S U E W E E M S & A SSO C 
KEY GROUP 

H O N E Y M O O N E R S S P E C IA L 
Cute 3 bedroom hom e with den, lo ca te d iW n S ie r r a N o rth , off 
Thousand O aks Or. Low a ssu m p ­ tion or V A -F H A only *23,5oo 
V A L U E P L U S 
Older 3 bedroom home, with large room s, m a n y p o sstsb d ite s. On large lot at Bitters R d and B ro a d ­ way. Value is in land. Zoned B u ­ sin e ss 3, high traffic flow O nly 
*33.ooo Conv 
N IC E A N O E A S Y is the w a y th is o n e c o n be brought 3-2-2 with large fom ily room, fireplaced, low assum ption or Conventional only *39,ooo 
C L E A N A IR P R IV A C Y d can be yours in this large 3-2. m obile located only nearly acre fenced, oaks, north off San Pedro. 
Only *14.9oo 
Century 21 
W H IT E H E A D - H O L ID A Y 
3417115 
R E A L T O R S 

M U S T S E E TO A P P R E C I A T E this beautiful 4 bedroom , 2 bath. d o u b le g a ra g e , S p a n is h style. 
O ver 2oo sq ft. of lu xu ry plus lots and lots of extras. 654-6555 
Century 21 
W A Y N E F O G U S R E A L T Y 

MOST SELL 
B y ow ner, la rge 3 2-2, % B r lc k , near F L Sam, Randolph, W indsor 
Pk M ake an Offer! 661 2oo9 

C A L L A G H A N 
IN C 
655-4848 

H O M F S 

822 1216 
S A C R I F I C E . 
B y o w n e r. 
At re d u c e d p rice , th o u sa n d s le ss thon new cost, super 3 yr. 3-2-2 
14oo sa ft 
*35oo eaudv, Firm 
656-2498 
__________________ 
SA N P E D R O H IL L S 
IT S W H A T ’S IN S ID E 
T H A T C O U N T S 
B e sid e s h a v in g a b eautiful ail rock e xte rio r, th is better-than new 4 bdrm hom e odds up to the ultim ate in fa m ily liv in g . Too m ony extras to list Let us show you 824-o171 
RED CARPET 
R E A L T O R S ________ 
Sa n P e d ro H ills, ow n e r, 4-2-2, separate fam ily room, 242o sa. ft living area, N E schools. 494-1433 

V A L L E Y F O R G E 
3-2-2, fo rm o l livin g, d in in g and fa m ily rm , cow ered patio Im - | m a c u la te ho m e p ric e d at on ly j 
*37,5oo 824 o171 
RED CARPET 
________R E A L T O R S ___________ 
V A N IS H IN G B R E E D 
W ell c o n stru c te d b ric k 2 sto ry convenient to downtown. This ex- ; ecuttve hom e otters a su n ro o m with Spanish tile. over 34oo sa ft., I greenhouse and more. E v e n in g s call Virginia. 655-3675 
Century 21 
D E L A N E Y R E A L T Y 653 o55o 
V IL L A G E N O R T H 
Big 4 bedroom. 2 bath. den. double I garage , co ve re d patio, on B ar- 1 rington near new post office site. 
F H A, V A or assum e. 349-65o3, 
654-6296 
Marilla Worlew BeaMors 
W A L K TO FT S A M from this im m oculate 2 bedroom with stove, refrigerator, large oak trees and low price tag. Call Jim 
Nites 337 4823 
C L O S E TO R A N D O L P H 
4 bedroom . 2 bath, central heat air, covered potto, freshly painted inside, metal storage shed. Open terms. Coll now 
I A C R E LO T 
P lu s m a so n ry 4 2-2 with form ol liv in g and la rg e fa m ily room , fire p la c e ce n tro ! heat a ir and built In kitchen Open term s 
N E A R W IN D S O R P A R K 
75% brick 3 bedroom, 2 bath with co ve re d patio, built-in kitchen, loads of cabinets, metal storage shed and parquet floors. No down 
VA, trade Call today 
494-5571 
Nites 349-8337 
Century 21 

W A K E F IE L D R E A L T O R S 

IF 

WE CAN NOW TAKE 
YOUR HOME IN TRADE 
$1 M O VE IN V A 

5 % DOWN CONVENTIONAL 
NO PAYMENT TIU MAY 7 7 

3 and 4 bedroom plans 
$ 3 o ,9 5 o to $ 4 4 ,9 5 o 
All homes feature ene­ rgy saving package, centra! heat-air, carpet and handcrafted wood- burning fireplaces, del­ uxe 
Magic 
Chef all electric kitchen, and 2 cor garage. 

6 FUtNISHED MODELS' 
OPEN DAILY 9-9 
TW IN CREEK 
681-1111 

H 
I 
M 
, 

IRISH OR NOT 
Y O U R pot of gold is here! 
List your home with us, the 
O U T 
FRO NT 
C O M P A N Y . 
O ut Front with Service. O ut 
Front with 
Performance. 
Soon will put a 
"S O L D 
S IG N " out front! 

IBOB MCGINNIS 
L r e a l t o r s 
349-1121 

W H A T A D IV E 
You can take Into this beautiful refreshing pool. Lan d scap ing you w ill be p ro u d of. 4 b e d ro o m s 
Vaulted ceiling in itv ., din. and den P atio kitch e n o v e rlo o k in g pool. Priced at *55.9oo 824-o171 
RED CARPET 
R E A L T O R S 

DELL VIEW BEAUTY 

3 large bedrooms, 2 baths, lovely family room, new roof, in excellent condition. 
Assum e note or refinance 
V A or FHA 

BOB MCGINNIS 
REALTORS 
349-1121 

WE HAVE ITI 

• N e w 
B rick 
H e m e t o n 
A c r ­ e a g e e b re a th ta k in g V ie w t e W o o d e d S ite . to r M M V A C r 
• 4 C h o ice N o rth Comment*!#* 
(Including N o w B rau n fe ls) e Low T a x e s M o lto e a s y Fu r- ch a so Term s e 1 7 o o Va 
Ft. L ivin g - 3 C u r 
| O * 3 7 ,5 o o 
2 6 8 o Sq. Ft. U v in g - 2 C o r 
* 6 4 9 7 " 

SPECIAL REDUCED 
PRICE $44f2oo 
VS A C R E S 
EXTRA URGE WOODED LOT 

3 bedroom, 2 bath hon*. in prestigious O ak Creek. 
Featuring woodburning fireplace, oil electric kit­ chen, wall-to-wall car­ peting, electric garage door opener and all brick construction. 
ONLY $48,5oo 
Caff m a today 
Jim Passel! 
684-3112 

(BUIE CHIP! 
Outstanding 4 bedroom . 2 both on auiet cut de sac. F o rm a l livinq and dining, fam ily room with a fireplace, Saltillo tile c o u rty a rd entry, and a privacy fenced yard 
*58,5oo. 681 3222, nites, 349 6837 
Bit L S O U T H E R N R E A L T O R 

JEFFERSON 

 i,7BO, 
S ea rch th e H e m e h e w . 3 * » , 
T H tN CaN USI 
_ 
^ 
Swinney Co 
4 9 2 - 1 o 7 2 
HI) 
658-o29o 
673-14o1 

C A S T L E H IL L S 
T R A D IT IO N A L 
2 year old luxury 4 bedroom s, 2’ i baths, flexible living area, large breakfast room . Custom d ra p e s plus beautiful pool, im m aculate condition, parklike yard 
M ariie Horton 344 2341, 653-5963 
B O B J O N E S , R E A L T O R S 
KEY GROUP 

N E A R H O L L Y W O O D P A R K 
4 bedroom , 2 both, den, fireplace, p lush carpet, cath e d ral ceiling, m ic ro w a v e oven, e le c tric k it ­ chen. big lot 349-65o3, 826-69o3 
Martha Worlev Beallors 
N E A R N O R T H S T A R M A L L 
J Bedroom s. 2 baths, fam ily room, ce n tra l heat-air. F e n c e d ya rd . nice size room s, two patios. All this tor O N L Y *32.5oo 
341-2222 
Anytim e. 
Century 21 
R A Y T E A L , R E A L T O R S 

NEAR NORTH STAR 
D e n w ith fir e p la c e a n d b o o k shelves. 3 bedroom s, 2 bath home with lorge yard and trees Central heat Lee district 82o 5671. 
Strouder Nelson Realty 

E V E R Y T H IN G N IC E 
3-2-2, paneled den, b ay w indow b re a k fa st to lo ve ly ya rd . fru it trees, p rivacy fence W orkshop 
M A C H E A L E S T A T E 828 2521 
E x c e p tio n a lly clean, bv ow ner, 
V alencia, 3-2-2 Cu de-sac, fully carpeted. custom drapes. 
6S6-2S88. 
__________ 

B Y O W N E R . 2 sto ry 1 -2 'i i. in I 
C a m e lo t ll- L iv in g ro o m w ith ! fireplace, den with wet b a r 
All 
E le ctric kitchen with b re o k ta sl oreo. C ath e d ral ce ilin g s L o rg e upstairs m aster suite. C orner lot with p riva cy fence A ssu m p tio n with equity or refinance 654 o226 

BY OWNER 
3 2 2 U n iq u e co n te m p o ra ry de 
Sign with large single living area 
All brick fireplace 
All extras I 
653-9466 
J 
B Y O W N E R . Valencia. 4 bedroom home, Cut De Soc, Open Term s. 
♦ 5 5 - 4 9 3 3 ______________________ 

BY OWNER WINDCREST 
Being transferred, m ust sell. last . chance to save realtors com m is sio n 4 b e d ro o m , lo rg e lo m ily room with cathedral ceiling, tire 1 a la e *, re a r p a tio v ie w s H ilij c o u n try 
59o7 W in d in g R id g e ,] sot,9oo 
No agents. 
B y appt. 
633-7271 

C A L I. 
N O R T H LO O P IN C . R E A L T O R S tor any Real Estate Need 
W8-S434 
C A M E l o t 
4 bed room . 2 bath, built-in kit-] chon, centro! air *33.ooo 434-1185 
Century 21 
D O U G L A S R E A L E S T A T E 
C A M E L O T ll, 3 2 2. Cent heal a ir, fe n ce d , c a rp e te d , c e d a r] cove re d patio, fin ish e d g a ra g e with work area 7 % paym ent *23o 
1835 Met bury Forest 656 3659 
C am e lo t ll, 4 2-1, N E sch o o ls, eauity 
*16oo. am is 
$2J9mo 
6*6-o494 
________________________ 
C H U R C H IL L 
E S T A T E S Colonio I home, 2 star 
•es high. h a s tile e ntry liv in g room 27x14' Pecan paneled tom * 
Iv room with b rick fireplace 4 bedroom s plus study. 2' i baths ywo r 
* 
S/9 9oo 
R E A L T O R S 
651 /341 
Guy Clupien Co 

C O N T E M P O R A R Y D E S IG N bv 
Roger Roustooch. .sot in an elite beautiful sector of O lm os P ark 
Uh s home has artfully controlled s p a c e s fo r liv in g , d in in g ond fam ily activities 4 bedroom s. I baths p lu s q u a rte rs with bath 
Luscious patio' 
*145 ooo 
R E A L T O R * 
824 9631 

FASCINATING 
To watch this S U P E R B L Y B U IL T 
H O M E c o m in g o liv e (u n d e r ) construction). You ore invited to I 
81o7 C O U N T R Y S I D E 
O ff N a c o g d o c h e s to C o u n t r y ] 
L a n e 
3-4 or 5 b e d ro o m s, 4 't baths E ve r so much, m uch m ore J 
*2/5.ooo 
O P E N I S D A IL Y 
A B IL L A L T E R M A N C L A S S IC lf you are in the m arket to build 
, ,, 
. 
*,*» h « r" h r * we would be delighted to d iscu ss I 1 
, '1, 
Co e o wel bo 
" r* this with you 

HUGE FAMILY ROOM 
WITH FIREPLACE 
This 1-2-2 bos lots of room Lorg e fa m ily ro o m w ith c a t h e d r a l ceilings, fire p lace , separate d in­ in g ro o m , la r g e c o r n e r lot, privacy fence, priced to sell al 
*41.9oo 
LANDMARK. REALTORS 
69o 95o2 

HURRY 
The first *17.5oo gets this lovely 2 bedroom home on N. New B ra u n ­ fels near Ft Sam It'll go VA. F H A or Con-.unt'onot lean For vie w ­ ing. call 342 4115 A N Y T IM E 
WORLD WIDE REALTY 
I G IV E U P ) 
W hat's it going lo take to get an otter on this excellent I bedroom h o m e ? R e a s o n a b ly p r ic e d at 
*24.ooo 
E ve n in g s call 
Silvino 
656-2561 
Century 21 
D E L A N E Y R E A L T Y 653 o55o 

N E W L IS T IN G S 
1-2-1, ra n ge , vent a hood. d is h ­ w a sh e r. C a rp e te d liv in g a re a. central air- heat C overed patio 
N ice hom e O pen T e rm s E v e n ­ ings 657 1475. 

 l l on lorge corner lot fireplace in living room, 25x15 covered patio 
P riv a c y fenced Low equity and take up paym ents 
C e n t u r y 2 1 
653-8131 Bill P o rk Ins Rlty655 5226 

NEW LISTING 
Before you buy. see all the extras in this beautiful 1-2-2 hom e that has on extra large covered patio plus a privacy fence A ssu m e or refinance. *41.6oo. Nites. 655-395o. 
656-3441 
O O N JO H N SO N , R E A L T O R S 
KEY GROUP 

SKN PEDRO HULS 
C h e c k th e se s t a t is t ic s ! 4 be broom s, 2 baths, den with fire place, covered patio on huge lot 
(room tor tennis court), air con­ ditioned, garage with electric eye door. All this for under *6o,ooo 
826-o6o6 
R E A L T O R S 
826 6497 
S U E W E E M S & A SSO C 
KEY GROUP 

SKN PEDRO HULS 
V e ry attractive, 4 2' i-2 hom e in popular area Sp acio u s, w all to w all c a rp e tin g , fire p la c e , a n d 
C hurchill district o re but o few features *55,85o Niles, 494-385o 
828-8241 
OON JO H N SO N . R E A L T O R S 
KEY GRUUP 

SELLERS: 
C a ll about o u r G u a ra n te e Sa le 
Plan, where it we don't sell your home, we buy it. 

See all our other a d s on good home buys ond rentals in all areas 

Call IN T E R S T A T E 828-o755 
Open 7 D a y s Til 8 P M 

S H A D Y O A K S Approx. 2 acres. 
4 3, huge den. fire p lace , la rg e p a tio c o m p le te ly re m o d e le d 
12x14 s to r a g e sh e d , a r e o for horses 
M id 58o s. B Y O W N E R . 
494 6758. 
_______________ 

W I L S H I R E 
T E R R A C E 
3 b e d ro o m p lu s den o n d fa m ily room , sin g le g a ra g e w ith re a r alley e n tra n ce O pen te rm s at 
*74,7oo R E A L T O R S , 34 1 4484 
RED CARPET 

W IN D C R E S T B E A U T Y - C o rn e r lot. healed pool, fa n ta stic s u n ­ room. *76.5oo N iles 653-4349 
Century 21 
T RICO , Realtors 349 6491 
W IN D S O R P A R K A R E A - 3 2 2, 
$4oo down, *31o mo 
J 8. J R E A L T Y 674 8883 Anytim e 

WINDSOR SQUARE 
L o v e ly 3-2 hom e. H u g e liv in g a re a , ra n g e , a ir, c a rp e t, a n d fenced 
*27,ooo assum e or refinance 
BODDY UECKER 

DIFFERENT! 

STRAIGHT 
(ROM 
"HOUSE 
BEAUTIFUL” This 3 bedroom, 2 both home bos been redone with emphasis on its best features. 
Gloss wotted living areo overlooks terraced and flog stoned backyard. 
Mony custom extras $39,9oo 
REALTORS 691 -13oo 
CENTURY 21 

ELAIRE LUDWIG I ASSOC. 

C A S T L E M IL L S 
Location, plus trees, plus lorge vord, plus covered patio, pius FP , plus the price *65,ooo m ake this one of our best listings. 824-o171 
RED CARPET 
_________ R E A L T O R S ___________ 
C A S T L E H IL L S 
Large 4 bedroom s- 2' iB aths, plus s e p a ra t e g a m e ro o m in a ir s 
Heated therm al pool ond m a n y extras. $76,5oo. B y appt. Jo Ann 
Speors, Broker- Owner 342-o725. 

824 7341 
824 1893 
W O O D L A K E , 3 7 2, on cut de soc, lorge fom ily oreo, covered patio, appliances and drapes pvailobie, low equity ond assu m e *269. m o paym ents, 661-7658 ofter 4PM . 

- " 
' I 
\ 
HARMONY HILLS 

No down to Vets for this 3 

 bedroom, 2 both home; dou­ 

 ble car garage, fenced and 

 carpeted, for only $4o,85o. 

CASTLE HILLS tm m acutote 3 bedroom , 3 both, fireplace in fom ily room , large dining ond living, covered polio with service bor, sp rin k le r s y s ­ tem, near elem entary school 
C A L L 494 5227 
A r m s t r o n g C o 
R E A L T O R S 
____________ M L S 

ROLLING RIDGE 
MSTOFFtKMG 
Preferred uh ooh + community pool +• Medical Center oreo «* a cinch to please for this 3 bedroom home in the upper 3oY 
Kingsize • Peer price: Must see 
198? sq ft to appreciate ap­ praisal in Glen Oohs of $39,ooo 
699-1ooo 
MANIE 
OWENS CO. 
REALTORS— MIS 
Turtle Croak Ofc 

3 bedroom s. 2 cor garage, lorge corner lot O nly *25.ooo on open terms. Call a professional now at 
736-4426 
Deanie Owens Co 
R E A L T O R S Jefferson Ole 

JUNE OCCUPANCY 
Beoutitul J bedroom , 2 both home in the F o re st O a k s A re a B ird s singing in the back yard. See how you m ay trade in your hom e ond m ove when school is out. 
C e n t u r y 2 1 
S chneider Realty_________684 72oo 
JU S T L IS T E D ! Older J bedroom , 
2 both hom e In J E F F U R S O N HI area. Love ly rem odeled kitchen and fam ily room. M a n y extras 
*34.5oo 
RED CARPET 
342 3111 
R E A L T O R S 
492 2795 
•JU ST L IS T E D * 
P r e t ty h o m e , c o n v e n ie n t to 
M edical Center and U SA A . I be droom, 2 bath, fom ily room with large tireploce, fenced vord with pr '-tty trees W alking distance to 
Elem ond Jr. Hi. O nly *34.5oo 
716-1918 
HAH REALTY 

HOWIE + INCOME 
2 story duplex appr­ oximately 14oo sq. ft., I bedroom, I bath in each; popular area. No down to 
Vets. SI 7,ooo. Call TODAY to see! 

BOB MCGINNIS i 
REALTORS 
349-6211 

BOB MCGINNIS 
REALTORS 
349-6211 

CASTLE PARK is a nice place to live and you con live nicely in this well cared tor 3 bedroom, 2 both hom e with over sized den and lorge shdv yard. 
*45,ooo 
699-1ooo Anytime 
Deanie Owens Co 
R E A L T O R S -T u rtle Creek Ofc 

F O R E S T O A K S , B y ow ner, all brick, 4-2-2, on lorge lot with m a­ ture tre e s D en with fire p lace , p lu s fo rm o l area, *44,ooo. 7o43 
Fore*! Mont. 684-3792.____________ 
F o r Sole By Owner. 2 bedroom , I both, new paint insid e and out, 
*18,9oo 915 John Page Drive, call 
433 o627 or 73* o919.______________ 

C h a rm in g N o rth sid e H om e B y o w n e r, 1-1, S a ltillo tile e n try , d e c o ra to r In te rio r, S u n d e c k , 
*22,5oo 41o2 Neer, 349 3382. 

SOMETHING DIFFERENT with a restful floor pion P riva cy for entertaining con be enioyed in this 4 bed room , 2' i both hom e with atrium , fan tastic cabinets, wet bar. fireplace in den, (Se p ar­ ate from rest of house) ond oil the good things plus I ' i o c re s (and you con have h o rse s). W alk to shopping centers 
Call 349-1434 Anytim e 
BASSE WEILBACHER 
INC, R E A L T O R S ________ 

FRANCES LEVENSON 
225 7398 
A N Y T IM E 
732 4951 

FIRST OFFERING 
C A M E L O T ll. B E L O W M A R K E T 
P R I C E 
4 b e d ro o m . 2 b o lh s . separate living room and fam ily ro o m 
2 c a r g a r a g e , p r iv a c y fence Assum e 7 % V A Loon. 
R e e s e H e n r y 

655-35R4 
Realtor 

N 't l *__ 
653-8592 

FIRST OFFERING 
W A L K TO P O O L a n d t e n n is : courts from this 4 bedroom hom e ll s custom built and all the room s are spacious. F a m ily room with fireplace 
C orner lot 
P riced in ! 
4oS 
349 1115 or 349 S ill, anytim e 
Deanie Owens Co 
R E A L T O R S Locfchill Selm g Ole 

FIRST OFFERING 
PARTY GIVERS DREAM 
Featuring large gom e room with loft ond wet bai. but ii a delight­ ful fam ily home boosting of I be b ro o m s. 2 b a th s ond den w ith fireplace See it now* 

828 6391 A n y t i m e 
Beanie Owens Co 
Repliers N E Loop ole 

FIRST OFFERING 
B e a u t ifu lly m a in t a in e d T M I hom e Over 41o6 sa It of lu x u ry living in this 3 bedroom . 4 bath with form al living, dining, huge den. study and quarters. Located on a p riv a te o ak stu d d e d lot 
828 6191. 826 2924 

 place, corner lot 1-story *45.58o 
Jim Ashley Real Estate 684-4776 
3-2-2, in Converse. 54.ooo Equity and assum e paym ents 5777 M ust , see to appreciate 65o o6o6 otter 12 I noon. No ogents please 
« « IN D E L L C R E S T ••• 
All b ric k 
N o th in g dow n to an vonel 4 bedroom s. I bath. 2 car 
OO'a g r, central air-heat 534,5oo 
923 19o4 
A R C IN IE G A R E A L T Y 
J U S T L IS T E O ! A ll b rick hom e I with 3 bedroom s. 2 baths, living- d ining room com bination, large paneled den with firep lace, all electric kitchen Cheerful garden room C lose to N orth Star M all ond 
Loop 
41o. 
Call 
494-7651 
A N Y T IM E 

N O D O W N TO A N Y O N E 
3 4 be g ro o m s, oir. a p p lia n c e s. F ir s t 
Paym ent M ay. 
772 9 6 I6 T E R R A R E A L T Y 2 4 H R S 
N O R T H E A S T P A R K 
Pleasant I bedroom , 7 bath, hom e on corner lot, carpet, fence, m any extras 
Bv owner, 824-4943 or 
822 3675__________________________ 

NORTHERN HILLS 
T H IS IS IT I New on the m arket 
Beautiful I bedroom s, 7 baths, 7 cor g a ra g e L o ve ly la n d scap e d y ard P riva cy fenced See it. you will buy It! *19.5oo Niles. 654 8178 ] 
656-3441 
D O N JO H N SO N . R E A L T O R S 
KEY GROPP 

OFF MIDCROWN 
A m ust see 3 bedroom s, 7 baths. I central heat-air. fenced yard, no dow n p aym e n t to o n y o n e Call 
824-4521. nites 674-o744 

STONE, BRICX, GUSS 
S u p e r c o n t e m p o r a r y c u sto m home, has it all! 4 bedroom s. 2,a> b a th s, la r g e c u sto m k itc h e n , loaded with everything, rock fire­ place goes to the sky 2481 sa ti. of luxury. Thousand O a ks area 
LANDMARK, HERITORS 
______________ *» o 9 5 o ?____ _ 

SUPER NEAT 
3 bedroom. C r bath hom e in well m ain ta in e d n e ig h b o rh o o d , c o n ­ venient to sch ools ond shoppin- 
; 

U se y o u r 
V a 
L u c ille 
•erschwole 344 2341, 144 5549 
B O B J O N E S. R E A L T O R S 
KEY GROUP 
T A K E Y O U R P IC K IN V A L L E Y 
F O R C E . 3 b e d ro o m or 4 Both with 2 baths, doube garage, fire place and assum e V A loan Call 
828-8195 
RED CARPET 

Wcrking Man's Special 
4 bedroom s, 2 baths, central h e a t, and air. Priced at *24,ooo Good location - will sell q u ic k ly F o r m ore inform ation coll 
824-2391 (Anytim e) 
Beanie Owens Co 
R E A L T O R S-A ustin H w y Qtc 

WOULD YOU BELIEVE 
A p p ro x im a te ly 12 o c re s South-; east 14o4 with 1o55 It. frontage 
Owner financed 
344-6268 
341 6566 
684 5768 
CONNALLY 

R E A L E S T A T E IN C . 

C L O S E TO U ST A, and hospitals. 
3 7 2, nothing down. *35o closing 
474-4126 
R A E Real Estate 

212 HOMES NORTHWEST 

( 
SPECIAL 
REDUCED PRICE 
*44,2oo 

Must toe this beautiful tondwmed, 
I living otto, 4 bedrooms, 2 oath home to believe 
Located in prestigious OAK CME* on extra lorge wooded let 
Tim home features wad to wall carpeting, 
MogK Chef all electric kitchen, energy toying pockoge, electric porage door, handcrafted wood burning fireplace plut many othei extras 
1615COPPfRR!U> RD. 
ONLY $48,5oo 
Coff mw today 
Jim Pasted 
684-3112 

ROSOW K KLINE Tumer Really 

R E A L T O R S SO Y e a rs of T R U S T 
O F F N A C O G D O C H E S R O I be 

Guy Chipman Co 
CUNT LEAKE 
W e 
[ I D I ? t i u r m u c a i c 
Convenient to W indsor P o rk M ail 
Ne down paym ent te anyone 3 bed room s, 2 beths, g o rd e n kit i ch o n . c e n tra l h e at a ir , la r g e fe n c e d y a rd , 
*2 4 ,7 7 * to tal 
P aym ents less than rent 
B O B O e P A O L O 
»» Xiv i 
R E A L T O R 
C O N V E N IE N T W IN D S O R M A L L 
3 J 2. appliances *366 down 
o66-74/ o M A T E R R E A L T Y 344 693 

COUNTRY ATMOSPHERE 
This 31 2 en an oak covered let is 
A S U P E R B U Y All brick, fully carpeted covered patio This ts onother one w here We can say 
* It you wad until the week end to 
COH. it will probabaty be said 
349 S H I or 349 35)5 Anytim e 
Deanie Owens Cn 
BK A C T O R S N Control Pit 

COUNTRYSIDE 
A beoutitul bright 4 bedroom , 2 a both or I bed room s end study 
H i l l it great ream with a corner fireplace and wet bar. tarp* tor m oi dining custom dr opes, and e auiel cut de-sac location *74,566 
142-4177, nites. 344 53/1 
■ i v I H m s i ™ 
S I A L '? » 
C O U R T Y A R D H O M E has < aine drat ceilings in hying and fam ily a re a s m a ste r b e d ro o m ' 3 be dream s 2 baths Native trees* 
*17,4o6 
R E A L T O R S 
458 7o67 
Guy Chipman Co 

C U S T O M B U IL T 6 7 ; 7. 7 story, ca rp e t 6 (e rra ta , b o o b y shop 
*62.666 See new 
IN T E R S T A T E 828 6/55 til 8 pm 
O E S IR A B I E N o rth E a st L o co lion B rig h t open home, 2 livin g a re a s with g a rd e n kitchen, den a n d m a s te r b e d ro o m w ith c o m e d ia l ce ilin gs opening onto lovely covered patio M a n y E x ­ t ra s ! T e r rific b u y at *52.568, 
342 3111 A N Y T IM E 
ROSOW & KLINE 
R E A L T O R S 39 Y ears Of T R U ST 
E A S T S ID E L O C A T IO N 
N e dow n p a y m e n t co m p le te ly r e m o d e le d J b e d ro o m h e m e 
Leeks G raal 
341 |l)4 
A R D O 
494 1729 

 f i r s t t i m e f o r s a l e 
COUNTRY SIDE 
E X E C U T IV E T R A N S F E R R E D 
N e a r ly new sp lit le v e l, 4 b e ­ d ro o m s, 2 'i baths, b e a u tifu lly decorated separate dining, huge den with corner fireplace, custom drapes 341 7261, nites 344 9956 
Ask tar C H R IS T IN E E M E R S O N 
JOHN FLOURNOY INC ] 

F O R F A S T title service with no u n n e c e ssa ry delay let A L A M O 
T IT L E 
CO handle the 
Deal 
397-62)1 
, 
F O R S A L E B T O W N E R 
3 be dream . 2 bath, doub le g a ra g e , fireplace, 4 yrs old 4351 Bayhss. 
♦5 3 79 39 N E Schools _________ 

GAME ROOM 
Owner has con ven ed single cor g a ra g e into a d e lig h tfu l g a m e ream with re d ca rp e t a n d air co n d itio n in g, g iv in g th is ) b e ­ droom, I path home extra space 
N ic e y a r d w ith s h a d e tre e s, 
Paym ents *262 
*5 8 1S3S A n y t im e 
Deanie Owens Co 
R E A L T O R * Randolph Ole 

7226 GLENDQRK 
New paint m aut, * 1 1 
) 
VA appraised *17,666. bra cord 
828 6665 
ZU 1766 
>34 4117 
W A TSO N A SO N R E A L T O R S 
G R E E N H O U S E G A R D E N A R E A 
A N O F R U IT T R E E S all do go w ith th is S T A R T E R 
H O M E 
B E A U T Y I J bedroom s 12 of em 
Carpeted), carpeted hying room, oh control All this and m ore tor a low *22,956 VA F H A o k ' t it 434), eves 65) 9596 

R E A L T O R S 56 V e o rs Of T R U S T 

JUST LISTED 
This delightful 3 2' / 2, h a s lu st ( been listed in prestigious Country 
Side San Pedro One living area. nicely landscaped yard. dropes. and in mint condition are but a few features 
*71.666 
Niles. 
494 5679 
828 1741 
O O N JO H N SO N . R E A L T O R S 
KEY GROUP 
I 
K IR B Y R A N D O L P H 
Like new, 4 bedroom . 7 bath, cen trai heat air. I cor attached g a r ­ age. *71.66o V A F H A or a ssu m e 
7*. loan 
R E N F R O R E A L T Y 
♦ 22 3343___________________ i l l l L L 3 
L IK E N E W 
Be o p ro u d h o m e o w n e r in this spic a n d s p a n N o rt h e rn H ilts, beouty 3 2 2 finished garage, ex­ tra large fenced yard. M id 3o's. 
R E A L T O R 494 1951 
Century 21 
C U D D Y G L A S C O C K 
L IV E O A K V IL L A G E 
! bedroom . 2 bath. den. double oarage Whrte brick with big kid ney shaped sw im m ing pool. O nly 

O F F N A C O G D O C H E S R O droom s. garage 52oo dawn 
694 7 42oSLA T ER R E A L T Y 349 92/ 

• OFF NACOGDOCHES BD • and lust north at Loop 41o. Com-1 pletely redecorated interior and e x t e rio r . 1-2-2. d o n 
E le c t r ic i thruout Lot 11o X 2oo Se conven tent *51.566 826 7147. 
Thelma B. Preissman 

Off PERRIN BEITEL 
14o6 sa it at tov el v living. 3 2 2. fam ily roam has boom ed ceilings and fireplace, won t last, so call la d a v 
ESA-3ooo Anytim e 
Beanie Owens Go 
R E A L T O R S P e rrin Boltel Ole 
O F F S A N P E D R O 
A ll b r ic k 
3 3 den with o fireplace Call A ny tim e C H A R L E S W A T T S R E A L 
E S T A T E 712 2618. 713 5355 
O F F W A L Z E M R D 
S i t, and S M , air appliances - carpet 675-1691. 343 741 5. 673 HOO 
P O IN T E R R E A L E S T A T E 
O V E R ll A C R E S , neor Randolph 
A F U P ra c tic a lly new c o u n try hom e, h a s 4 b e d ro o m s, J bath 
I s paneled hying grea 26x18 with 
I a fireplace' Patio kitchen! 4 stalls 

TERRELL HILLS 
All brick home in choice location 
I bedroom s, 2 baths, form al ond inform al dining areas, large den a n d 28' c o v e re d patio, c e n tra l heal and air M id SOS 
12* o4o6 
R E A L T O R S 
827 9327 
S U E W E E M S A ASSO C . 
KEY GROUP 

*37.666 
P H A , V A o r a t t u r n * j and corral wire fencing! 
349 45o3. 172 16o1 
*72.5o6. 
R E A L T O R S 
656 7oo7 c g - l & S S i Cay Chipman Co 

OWNER ANXIOUS 

 den. 13X16 covered patio, central heat air. stove, refrigerator, dish w asher, d isp o sal, w ith carpets, i dropes. la rg e fenced v o rd with 
1oX7 storage shed en con crete 
Slab *65oo and a ssu m e 7 % V A laan. *164 paym ent or refinance al *24.5oo 
W a lk in g d ista n ce ta e le m e n tary sch o o l C o n ve n ie n t 
Ft la m Randolph t a l i l t 
L O O K IN G tor a pretty tree lined stre e t in a f a m ily typ e n e ig h b orh ood ? See this otfordo bie 3 bedroom . 2 bath home with woad burning in aplace rn (amity room Livin g dining com bination, huge playroom , electric kitchen 
Walk to N I 
Schools 
124 O U I 
A N Y T IM E . 

Beautiful sn ag carpeting, s e p a r­ ate hying and lom ily roam, 3 in I with vanity. I cor goroga. brick 
> a n d a s b e s t o s 
A s s u m e $124 
* monthly at 7»*% interest. 
Vin Buren G assoc 
664 7171 
344 1666 
3*4 7131 
P O O L ! 3-2-2 with carpet thruout i priy fence patio caver 24 ti geol 
: S IU at / S V A 656 o215__________ 
P O P U L A R t E C A U S E it s fo o d ' 
O pen plan h em e h a s ra ck fire place, breakfast bar, built in kit 
I chon, 4 bedroom s, I b a th * patio' 
M I 5oo 
R E A L T O R S 
494 7771 

T E R R E L L H IL L S . B y owner, 3-1. living room with tireploce, dining room , la rg e fa m ily room w ith 
D Horns hie floor, Cent heat ond window units, large tot with m any trees 539,5oo 624 4)97 No Agents 
Ftbbib. 
I 

THE CRITICS 
WOULD LOVE IT 
A n d y o u 'll be p ro u d to c a ll it home Super 4 bedroom , 2' i bath and den with wet bar, lull wall fireplace, earner lot rn Son Pedro 
Hills And over 235o ta It priced to set! to d a y 
Colt 349 14)6 Anytim e 
BASSE WEILBACHER 
IN C R E A L T O R S 
T H E E A S T E R B U N N Y A N D YO U will la v * this 3 bedroom . 2 bath. single go rope hom e D rastically reduced for quick sale, to auick tike o bunny, call 626-6195 
RED CARPET 

T H E G L E N S S M is all the cash needed 2 la rg e b e d ro o m s. I ' i b a th s, d o u b t* g a r a g e , ra n g e , d ish w a sh e r, re frig e ra to r, g a r ­ b a g e d isp o s a l 
*275 m o 
T o ta l! price * 3* 2*o C H A R L E S W A T T S 
R E A L E S T A T E 713 IQ I*. 733 M S * 

THEY DON’T BUILD 
LIKE THIS ANYMORE! 
T he d a y it lo n g w hen you se e ; houses with this solid construction ; and multiple features value A l l : 

THE LEPRECHANNS 

 told us you ll find your treasure in tim beauty1 J bedroom. ? bath home in forest Oaks SolttMo til*, cathedra! ceilings, fireplace, carpehng and mony other fin* ap pouitments Th* (UY of th* week! 

 bob McGinnis 
REALTORS 
.3 4 9 -1 1 2 1 

4 B E D R O O M S 
2 bath, central air. Convenient to 
M edical Center 53o,5oo 
J E F F E R S O N 
All brick. I bedroom , large living room, nice corner lot 53o.ooo 
B O N U S R O O M ond 3 bedroom s. 2 bath with cen­ tral air, near sch o o ls and sh o p ­ ping $72,ooo 
H O M E and B U S IN E S S 
H u a e o ld e r hom e, c o r n e r lot, zoned business. 54o,ooo. 434-3165 
Century 21 
D O U G L A S R E A L E S T A T E 
4 
B E D R O O M S 
IN 
F O R E S T 
O A K S . 7 d e sig n e r b a th s, o v e r ­ sized double garage , kin g sited furniture Ok, only 536,ooo or a s ­ sum e 5223 month. 681-o66o 
RED CARPET 

5 4 3 BEDROOMS! 
3-4 BATHS! 
S79,5oo TO S115,ooo! 
8 ^ INTEREST AVAIL! 
OAK VALLEY OAKCREEK NW! 
9 m od els open daily, sp a cio u s, gracious living, orgm iql designs. will trode Out Vance Jackson. I mile from 41o 
MIKE KINDER BLDR 
696 833o 
__ 
B E H I N D N O R T H S I D E F E D 
M A R T 
3 b e d ro o m s. 2 '; baths, treehouse. air. ca rp e ts 528.5oo | 
Bargain Term s 
696-742oSLATER R E A L T Y 349 92/ 
B E S T IN B E A C O N H IL L . I blk. from IH IO ond I blk. from bus I bedroom, den. dining roam, woad fire p lac e d liv in g ro a m C a rp e t] 
I thruout, recently painted, roof 2 1 yrs old, double g a l age. concrete ] 
! d rive w ay and p a rk in g in back, i covered patio Open *31,5oo A L L ] 
C IT Y R E A L T Y 7)6 1651. A tte r] hour* 824 3721 
___________ 

C M FURR CO 
Specializing Northside-733-7141 

COLONIES NORTH 
Completely redecorated including alt new ca rp e t 
3 b e d ro o m s, 2 baths, big covered patio and an oversized utility room. V ery con venient location! SSO,OOO 681-1222. nites, 696-6616 
B IL L S O U T H E R N R E A L T O R 
C O N V E N IE N C E 
Near E v e ryth in g ! 3 2 2 with cen­ tral heat-air, Elec. g a ra g e door openers. W alk to E le m school 
N E schools *32.5oo 
R E A L T O R 
691 HOO 
Century 21 
E L A IN E L U D W IG A A SSO C 
Convenient and spacious. Shearer 
H ills 2 sto ry , 1457 sa ft. 3 b e ­ droom s, I '> baths, plus a 7ox35 u p s ta irs dorm . F o r m a l d in in g room , entrance hall. 15x19 den, over ' j acre, tree lined lot. A s ­ sum e *321 per mo or refinance. 
Will trode on sm aller hom e 
B O B D e P A O L O 
344 3691 
R E A L T O R 

$32,5oo 
F o r this all brick 3-2-2. Carpeted livin g ond bed room s, cozy den, low equity, m inutes from M edical 
Center 
341 9166 A N Y T IM E 
Century 21 

H O W A R D T A T E R E A L T O R S 
G R A S S V A L L E Y 
All brick 3 bedroom . 7 bath. 2 car g a ra g e , ca rp e te d th ro u g h o u t, central air, no down to anyone 
B R IG H A M R E A L T Y 673 14o1 

J U S T L IS T E D 2 sto ry. 2 -l'j-2 , p r iv a c y fence, a ll k itc h e n ap plionces. and garoq e door ooener 
Priced to sell! 434-2341 
RED CARPET 
_________ R E A L T O R S ___________ 
J U S T L IS T E D D eer Run. 4 2 1, with lots of carpet, new paint, appliances, fenced, and priced to sell fast! 434-2341. 
RED CARPET 
_________ R E A L T O R S 

JOST LISTED 
W O O D S O F S H A V A N O , fantastic 
4 bedroom, I large living areo has fireplace, separate form al dining, b e a u tifu lly ca rp e te d , sp lit b e ­ d ro o m a r r a n g e m e n t . 
O a k covered lot. A sk for Ruth Fades 
341-9166 A N Y T IM E 
Century 21 
H O W A R D T A T E R E A L T O R S 
K IN G S G R A N T F O R E S T 
4-2, separate study, sew ing room, trees, c o rn e r lot, bv ow ner, no 
I ogents, *78,5oo. 341-oo79_________ 

~ KINGSTON HEI6HTS 
N ice 2 baed room , I bath hom e with carpotrt. Id e al stotrte r or retirem ent hom e O pen te rm s 
515,5oo Niles, 492 9917 
344 1o78 
D O N JO H N SO N . R E A L T O R S 
KEY GROUP 

BREENBRIXR SPECIAL 
3-1-1 on auiet tree-lined street. 
Fenced yard. W alk to N E schools. 
Just *21.5oo E rie Nogel. 696-533o. 
696-2712. 
PROFESSIONAL REALTY 
G R E E N L A W N T E R C E 
Call us to sea this im m aculate 2 bedroom hom e on Salem Dr. lust oft LaM o n d a Living roam, fam ily ro o m a n d b e d ro o m s a re fu lly carpeted Open Term s. 713-7141, 
433 1618 
C.M. FORR CO 
HERE'S YOUR CHANCE! 
Im m acu late I bedroom . 2 bath 
Convenient to schools and shop ping. Form al living, fam ily roam, central heat and air, double g a r­ age Open term s. *33,ooo. 342-4177 nites. 344-2437 
B IL L S O U T H E R N R E A L T O R 

C O U N T R Y G E N T L E M A N , thats what you'll be when you own this { lorge house on a B IG lot in H ol­ ly w o o d P a r k 
T h e re a re 4 be droom s. 2 baths, elegant m aster suite. Only *6o,5oo 
RED CARPET 
342 I H I 
R E A L T O R S 
494 IQ M 

He W ho Hesitates Will 
F IN D S O L D O N T H IS O O O R 
A dorab le 3-2-2 with firep lace in den, lovely new c a rp e tin g and solarium tile Deer feed at your fence, next to C P S B P ark 
Beryl W eigand 344 2341. 342 6456 
B O B J O N E S . R E A L T O R S 
KEY GROUP 

KIRBY AREA 
18oo sa ti. 2 story, 3 'Tearooms, 2' J bath beouty, lovely carpeting and dropes 
M U S T 
S E E 
TO 
A P P R E C IA T E 
M ariie Horton 344-2341, 653-5916 
B O B J O N E S , R E A L T O R S 
KEY GROUP 

L A B E L L E F R A N C E ! Lovely, 3 bedroom . 2 bath hom e h a s a sh paneled fam ily room ...living-din­ ing room 21x12. Built-In Avocado 
I kitchen. Custom patio co ve r' 
] M I, SOO 
R E A L T O R S 
696 4811 
Guy Chipman Co 

LAUREL HILLS 
The perfect hom e tor ente rtain ­ in g 
4 la r g e b e d ro o m s . 3ox15 fam ily room, alm ost 24oo sq. ft of pure luxury. Y ou m ust see it to believe it. Priced in 7o *. 
349 1535 or 349 5111. anytim e 
Deanie Owens Co 
R E A L T O R S-L e c k h llt Selm o O K 

LAUREL HILLS 

I B e st L o ca tio n on N S- C o lo n ia l window in fam ily room, i Hills, convenient freew ays 4 3 2.1 A N Y T IM E 
I >»o9 SA It SSO * Ow ner 349 222o 
B E T T E R T H A N N E W ' W H Y ? ) 
A r t is t ic a lly d e c o ra te d , e sta b ] 
I lished yard with gorden, flowers, 1 the sound of birds, we have all ol them with this large J bedroom , 2 i both. brick beouty in P o rk Forest 
Only *62,5oo 

COUNTRY SUNSHINE tor your fam ily $39 *oo gets you ] 
'» a cre with fertile g a rd e n and I oak trees plus a nice 3 bedroom , 2 j bath and den hom e A rea pool and i courts, plus Churchill District. If s I o deal 
Call 349 1436 Anytim e 
BASSE WEILBACHER 
INC, R E A L T O R S ________ 
C O Z Y C O T T A G E in id eal loco lion M o n y trees. Close to schools 
, o n d s h o p p in g . 3 B e d ro o m s , I . . 
___ 
] baths, country kitchen L arg e bay I ll 
U lt r a la n d s c a p in g , la r g e 

H ID D E N C R E E K 
3-2 2, fireplace, greenhouse, and m ony other extras 564,ooo 
494 3448. A N Y T IM E 
BALE REAL ESTATE 

HIDDEN CREEK 
3 2-2. fireplace, gre e n h o u se and m any other extras SM,OOO 
494-1448. A N Y T IM E 
BALE REAL ESTATE 

I HIDDEN FOREST BEAUTY I 
This brick hom e has over 72oo sa 

RED CARPET 
342 3111 
R E A L T O R S 
497 27o2 

R ealtor George Flood 
M L S 
_________ I i i . 4.” 1 lh ACRE HUGE OAKS 
15oo so ti rack home, all electric fireplace, dog run, 2 cor, nice 
7)6-1766 
121-o665 
734 4117 
W A T SO N A SO N R E A L T O R S 

B IG ’N B E A U T IF U L 
4 I ’ 1-7 B ig country kitcheivden. 
P L U S 2nd fa m ily room . 17x18 
•noster bdrm , B IG dress, walk in. 
M A C R E A L E S T A T E 828 2521 
B R A U N S T A T IO N 
Large oaks shades the b ac kya rd ot this cute 3 2 7 L iv in g d in in g co m b o p lu s fa m ily ro o m p lu s breakfast area. Storage building and brick bbq Inc iuoed in this low price of *37.*oo N e ig h b o rh o o d sw im m ing ond tennis available 

 nu brick r n 
C e n t u r y 2 1 
Am ical Com plex . ^ o" 6 er 
W H IT E H E A O H O L L ID A V 
N ear M edical Com plex - W onder loud H igh an a hill. all electric kitchen, paneled den. 7 tile baths carpeted, d raped, fenced v o rd and nice oaks, under Mo.ooo 
732 79o7 S T E V E M A R T IN 735 o825 
AU CASH YOU NEED $25o 
Valley Hi, I bedroom s. 2 baths.. 
No qualifying M ove in today! 
674 722o o B O O N Z A L C S 8 2 8 5M4 
A L M O S T 2ooo SO F T and priced of only *38.7*o' B rick 4 bedroom 
I bath in tike new condition M in utes tram 41o and M edical Center. 
A ssum e M U month. Oil o*6o 
RED CARPET 

61! o36o 
R E A L T O R S 
B U R G L A R P R O O F but. you ll want to steal it! Alm ost new hom e rn Oak M eadow s is oil brick with a balcony overtaking the fireplace in the large, open living area, 4 bedroom s. ) ' i baths and a long, pretty patio 
*72,56o 
R E A L T O R S 
4*4 7771 

ROSOW & KLINE 
R E A L T O R S 5o Y e a rs Of T R U S T 
CULEBRA PARK 
B u yin g this hom e Is like putting C m oney in the bank Best price in a re a tor 3 - l 'i- t 
C a rp e te d and fe n ce d . T e r m s o p e n - t l/ , *5 o 
626 *543. I 4)6 7162 
CartieBus X Associates 
3 7 2. C u s t o m b u ilt, c u s t o m dropes. one big living oreo. 9 mo o4d. *44,9oo 664 47o9 

 eDonl Rent Buy litis* 
Lovely hom e,) I. den. close lo all schools ond shopping centers. 
*16.95o 
N O R T H S ID E R E A L T Y 
7)7-6961 
734 o772 
D O N T 
R E N T 
. 
B U Y 
T H IS 
L O V E L Y 2 - 1 ) on b u s lin e oft 
Blonco 512oo to m ove in *14o mo 
J 6 J R E A L T Y 674 6663 Anytim e 
D R A S T IC A L L Y R E D U C E O . this 
1 unique Spanish hom e in Oak Glen 
P a rk has 3 bedroom s, 2 baths and a J t o r g a ra g e , su n k e n fa m ily 
, room w ith fire p la c e , b e d ro o m 
' su n ke n even fu rth e r M a n y ex tras Call tor details Now under 
*56,oo6 
826 6195. R E A L T O R S 

 breeze way patio '>o>r and span ) b e d ro o m . J 'i b a th h o m e w ith m ony built in cabinets. A buy at 
SM,o6o 
34* 4 M ) or 34* 3535 A nytim e 
Beanie Owens Co 
R E A L T O R S Blonco R d Ole 

One of a kin d ! D ra m a tic 11x11 entry, cu stom decorated. 3-2' i t with rear entry garage fe v e re d s c re e n e d p a tio a n d s e p a ra t e green house Priced right. *54.8oo 
Niles. 696-7585. 492 2545 

L E E H I-N IM IT Z 
C h arm in g hi location 1-2. sopor ate liv in g d in in g room , c e n tra l heat-air Priced low 3o’s tor quick sale 824 3231. 82* oo4*. 822 5972. 
122-91o1. 826-7314. 
Mazte Sail HIH. Raaltars 
♦• L E O N V A L L E Y •• 
C le a n 
)-}• ), la r g e m a s t e r bedroom , central air-heat. nom m g down to a n yo n e 1 *35,975 
92) 1964 
A R C IN IE G A R E A L T Y 
LEON VALLEY 
S E N E C A E S T A T E S 
Room y 22oo sa It M e xican brick ram b ler. 3 B e d ro o m s. I b am s. firep lace, c o rn e r lot M id SO s 
*o4 2725 lot opp t ________________ 

Guy Chipman Co red carpei 

A REAL DOG 
C on bx kept in fenced yard with a 
) bedroom hom e tor your fam ily 
New carpet, low 2o s 
S A N D IS O N B B A t T Y 
X99 9)61 
A T T E N T IO N 
F IR S T S H O W IN G 
• CASTLE HILLS • 
Flowered, bricked orbor entry to b r ic k , c e d a r s h a k e root. o n d mix brick ane story 4 3-2, exciting p re tty y a r d , C o n v e n ie n t ta schools, churches and shopping 

344 62o7, 684 433o Anytime 

 glassed fam ily room (F P ), living, dining, brookiest room Etoctric thruout Sprin kle r SVS. N ear me m olls 
It s O ch arm er 
*75,666 
626 J U I 
D M f c D w m Cit 
Thelm aR.Preissm an 

W 
M 
H 
Gay Chipman Cn 

LIN FRUITY 
I conditioned 

IS ) ) ) 
■ • e rst «< 

Cnfwlws t Lssnclans 

MVF K HAPPY FAMILY 
J I X IO pool ana covered polio, p orted tor em eriom m g Hie oho!* fam ily 
This S bedroom , 2 story beouty is located on a cut de sec in p r e s tig e o u s 
N o rth w o o d 
E sta te s N E schools B rin g the fam ily stay a lifetime1 ti* UMX 
R E A L T O R S 
124 )S6) 
SU E W E E M S A ASSO C 
KEY GROUP 

F o u r now conditioned hom es in 
Brookwood, next to W indcrest I bedroom , tiled entry, tireploce j and avick possession A peed buy. I 
C om 
o74 1391 (A nytim e) 
Deanie Owens Co 
R E A L T O R S Austin Hw y Ole 

L O W E Q U I T Y 
*144 P E R M O N T H 
Refrigerator, range, dishw asher, d isp ose r, ca rp e te d liv in g room and m aster bedroom C allagh an 
H omes. OIS4646, 172 U U ________ 

LONN, LOW FRUITY 
*2,366 tor I bed room s, I baths. p f iv o c v lanced N ew condition 
Monthly paym ent *371 For m ore details coil 
634 2391 (Anytim e! 
Beanie Owens Co 

■ i f t k r m 
■ v * * 1" w r y 9f< 
LO W IO t 
J bedroom , 2 both, now carpel, lovely y a rd paym ents S IS ) m o eau to d a y N iles *33 5/o/ 
Century 21 

PROMISES, PROMISES 
A ll fulfilled la this e x tra m c# 4 bedroom , J bath hom e with hying and d in in g roam , fa m ily roam . I carpeting, double g a ra ge , groat condition, good iacctien *39,966 
N iles *55 /492 
Century 211 
M O N E Y S A V E R S R E A L T Y 
6S6 ?42» A N Y T IM E _______ 

RATED BP tor G O R G E O U S P A D F o a lu ro s 4 bedroom s. 2 baths, form at room s, plus fam ily room with fireplace. built in m icrow ave, car patina and drapes, cover ed patio, and pc lead al only M9.9oo N iles 455 749/ 
Century 21 
M O N E / H A V E R S R E A L T Y 
4561439 A N Y T (M g _______ 
Rod Horse M onor. U n ive rsa l City. 
H I MO 32 2. (arte lot with m ony trots, im m acu late O p en hows# 
Sat and Sun I) 5pm M a r 12 and t) 
I* and 
♦ 5Q 493) 
________ 
Red Horse M anor. U n iv e rsa l City, 
*47 IOO 311, (arg# tot with m any troos. im m acu late O p e n hou se 
Sat and Sun I) 5pm M a r it ana ti 
19 gad 36 4*449)3_______ 

T H IS L O V E L Y now listing has so m uch m ore than meats the eve 4 bedroom s. 3 baths, torm ol dining, stu d y h a s built in d e sk, la rg e gam e room, ga ra ge has electric opener O ver 1456 sa ti 156.5oo 
RED CARPET 
342 )111 
R E A L T O R S 
492 17*1 

TIME TO SWIM.. 
.. is alm ost hare, den t wait. so * th is ta rg e 4 b e d ro o m , I b e th todoy 3 cen tre) hoot a ir units 
14x33 G a ry Pool Room for tennis 
*74 4521, nitos *74 6744 
Turner Realty 

T IR E D O F P A Y IN G R E N T ? 
This co ly I bedroom otters bienly et sh od * trees, paneled den and open term s 
E ve n in g s call C url 
3)3 ion 
Century 21 
D E L A N E Y R E A t T / SS I OSSO 
T O W N H O U SE 7o)1 G len M is) 
I 
Bedroom ) i baths, appliances included w a sh e r-d ryer c o n n e c ­ tions. lanced back yard, 'a r g o n 
L o w e q u ity 
1)6 6o 
A s s u m e payments of SIO) mo Colt Stove 
Tucker, 234 >767, 654 65/4_______ 

U N I V E R S A L C IT Y 
I la r g e i hem es ore soon lo be constructed i in the Red H orse M anor xubdtvt s .on 
F o r n '• * d e t a ils r a il 
Chack. Eve n in g s *5) S6SI 
Century 21 r.r • e t * ' V T •♦VOSS* 

A T T R A C T IV E 4 I'> 2 . 3 S t o r y in w o ri ng Oaks. U nique custom features SOO 566 Coll 
IN T t R S T A T E |j_» o/55 til | pm 
♦ B A B C O C K N O R T H # 
O n e et t h * b e a t, p r ic e lu st redu< cd. 3 bedi oem, /doth (ami 
Iv ro o m w ith la r g e fire p la c e , m a n y e x t r a s 
N o w s o ilin g at 
MO. 5o6 Can assum e with M36o 
73*1918 

B v O w n e r. B e a u tifu l h o m e on corner lot 3 2 2. tireploce. excel len t lo c a tio n 
M o n y e x t r a s 
M I, OOO 661 6>«4__________________ 
B Y O W N E R . J bedroom . 2 both, I do u b le g a r a g e 
B r a u n S tatio n 
W e st low e q u ity i 
6o6 HOS weekends or oft 6______ 
B y O w n e r. E x e c u t iv e b e in g t r a n s fe r r e d , w ill se ll 3 - s t o r y ' home, lived in less than 3 m o 27o6 
Sa Ft 3-2, g a m e room , fa m ily ro o m , t o rm o l tty in g -d in in g . b re o k ta sl room . 14x3*' co ve re d p a tio w ith s k y lig h t s , p r iv a c y fence P a rk Forrest 51o,ooo ond assum e M )t per mo VA. 492 996* 
No ogents 
By owner Foothills, 3-2 2 contem ­ porary home Convenient to M od oreo UT SA U S A A 
*39 5oo 
3441669 _________________________ 
BV O W N E R . Forest Glenn. 3 3 2, 
I2 o o S q F t , % b r ic k , fe n c e d , screened patio, full carp eting ) 
I yrs old. 
*2 )tm o 
Lew equity i 6644473 

 t L t C A N T 1 2 2, liv in g ro o m , tireeiocod don, carpet, built ins 
*36.6*o Colt today 
IN T E R S T A T E 636 o755 tit » pm 

AOS El Portal 
In p o p u la r H o lly w o o d P a r k . 
L o v e ly au io t a re a L o w tax e s, w a lk in g d ista n ce ta re c re a tio n c a n t o r a r e lu st a tow at t h * p iu s * * ' Reduced tor quick s a l * ' 
3 3 den with ttroqlac* M int condi­ tion C om to s o * ' 
833 122). 828 2)1*. 634 73)4 

HIGHLAND HILLS 
I b e d ro o m b ric k , c h t t r f u l kit chon, large hying area and m any e x tra s 12o.566 R o b e rta W h it* 
533 7163, 133 67*3 
B O B JO N E S . R E A L T O R S 
KEY GRoUP_ 

HILL COUNTRY VILLA6E 
Only on* available in this prestige a re a ! S a c re s lu st load ed with large oak troos Lo ve ly lot with utilities available A great buy at , 
M2, SOO Niles. *94 21*3 
494 7711 
D O N JO H N *O N . R E A L T O R S 
KEY GROUP 

HOLLYWOOD PERK 
A L L B R I C K . 4 s p a c io u s be droom s. on o la rg e lot, F lo rid a room, living and separate dining large den with corner tireploce A kitchen o n y .tor,.en w ill eniov. expensive carpeting and drap es 
P L U S a m aintenance tree pool' 
341 7161. R E A L T O R S 
JOHN FLOURNOY iNC 

HOLLYWOOD PIIRX 
N E W L IS T IN O - elegant 2 story rock c o n te m p o rary on % treed a c r e s 4 s p a c io u s b e d ro o m s, g a m o ro o m . liv in g o n d d in in g room s with fantastic viows, goer met r it chon with Jenn A ir * center oisle , w ood d o c k o v e r lo o k in g 
M A G N IF IC E N T P O O L 
C A L L 494 S237 

LIEF LIBERTY PROPERTY 
If s lh * m ost Am ortcon droom you can h a y * a groat Ufo hying in this fabulous 236o sq It o n * story. 5 b e d ro o m , 4 't b ath h o m e on 2 ocres in C h u rch ill D istrict. Coli for details 
Call 349 1 414 Anytim e 
BASSE WEILBACHER 
INC, R E A L T O R * ________ 
L IV IN G A N O F A M IL Y areas in 4 bedroom. 3 bath hom e with com p letely b u ilt in k itc h e n W ood covered polio )3‘ long with B S Q ' 
M I, TOO 
R E A L T O R S 
494 7771 

L IV IN G A N O F A M IL Y ai aas in 4 bedroom, 2 bath home with com pletely b u ilt-in k itc h e n W ood covered patio I) ' long with B S Q ' 
M I 9oo 
R E A L T O R S 
*94 7771 
Guy Chipman Co 

LOVELY CORNIER 
Lovely low price el S3*.*66 
I I, fam ily kitchen, p e rio d hom e tor hrs! or last No city loxes Won t lost Ash tor G ila Lu ca s 
341-9166 A N Y T I M E 
Century 21 
H O W A R Q T A T E R E A L T O R * 
M A S S IV E F IR E P L A C E in a 26 X 
25' fa m ily ro o m 
B R I C K 3 b e ­ d room . 7 b a th d o u b le t a r o t * hom e n e a r M a d ic o l C enter A s 
] su m * law interest VA. only S II/ month 661 666o 
HED CARPET 
M O V E R I G H T IN 
, Clon O aks P ark, spacious 4 3 2 all b u c k homo, built in b o o kcase s. m c* carpet thruout. covered aa 
! ho, vacant Open term s 
Dixie Bom Realtor Armstrong Co Century 21 b l i ^ U I T Y ond it you d o n t 
^ 
W H11 R H E A D H O L L ID A Y 
HOME ON 3 ACRES 

*1666 hove cosh the equity con be paid out monthly Spacious 3 bedroom . 
2 bath h a m * near sh op p in g ond northside schools 6o1 o**o 

R E A L T O R S 

RED CARPET 

H RH REALTY 
B E A U T IF U L Im m a cu la te 3-2-1. e xtra la rge I orn e r lot in Thun derbtrd Village M o ve in with a very lo * equity For appointment, 
Altar i pm, 4)5 7727______________ 
B E A U T I F U L I I 2. n e a r M e d 
Cnlr, UTSA. U S A A L o rg e single liv in g a re a w ith m a s s iv e tiro place AH th* extras that a hom e should hove Q u ick o c c u p a n c y 
Under 537 o6o V A H O U M 
RED CARPE] 

4 Bedroom. 2 Balt 
ON I A C R E M O U N T A IN TOP 
F if optecod fam ily roam , form al liv in g d in in g 
S p e c t a c u la r yie w -O n ly 
IS m in lo 
M od 
Cantor I 
- 5 6 9 , o o o - 
C A L L V IC K I L A N E 
341 I I M 
N IT E S 618 3*91 
Walker J. Birnatie) 

B Y O W N E R beoutitul I 2 2. ah t r ek edolr* hum ? rn U n iv e rsity 
O a ks F o rm a l L iv in g R e a m and la rg e den with stu n * fire p lace 
Fenced yard with treat W alk lo element, y sr hoot M a s! sea to ap 

B y ownor. 3-1-1, tutly carpeted, cent air heat. extra nice ideal tor yo u n g couple or sm a ll fa m ily 
Neat Lockland. Kelly St M a r y 's 
UntvorsitV SIX QUO 434 6934 
I 
B Y O W N E R , M illion $ View. h orn ll story, oil b ric k , U n iv O a k s. ] 
3 ) ' 1 1, fireplace. Cut De Soc. law 
Mu t»(J *1o9 w knd* or oft I ic 
B Y O W N E R , m c * re tire m e n t hom o, 166ft lot. fenced, la rg e trees double garage. 
113. *o6 
*34 7637__________________________ 
B Y O W N E R 
3 2 2 Sto ve d ish w asher ga rb a g e disposal, patio cover, carpet *25o6 equity as sam e *342mo 33/ ♦ *!)___________ 
B Y O W N E R , S u n se t H ills. 3 1. co n ve rte d g a r a g e to den, well kept. *3 / o6o 434 6634 Oft 4pm 
B Y O W N E R . T O W N V IE W E S - ' 
T A T E S , 1 ) 2, C e n t h e a t a ir , tone*. 
A ssum e 
/ % 
V A 
Loon 
664 1997 
R Y O W N E R 
Tw in C reek 
52o66 equity, a ss u m e t i l * . M a n y tea tules No agents p le as* 6 M /OTI 

Equity $375o. take aver paym ents, 
*325 L o v e ly 12-2, w ith fo rm a l d in in g and living, den with lira a la e *, d ra p e s, w ater so fte n e r, privacy fence m ust so il' *84 5987, 
6o4-8791 
| 

FEEDING A LANDLORD? 
D on t let him eat up yo u r p a y ­ check Ow n your own homo, Jet tor son oreo O nly *34,566 3 be droom s, I baths, single garage 
B eryl W eigand 344 2)41. 342 M 56 
B O B J O N E S. R E A L T O R S 
KEY GROUP 

P e r fe c t tar e n t e rt a in in g n e a r 
M edical Center, guest house, pool, stables tor hor ses. I ad d ition al a c e s a vaila b le M a u r in * A le x ­ ander 341 9191. nites 834 7)79 
Naylor Realty inc 

HOMES • S2oo DOWN! 
921 1766 

MOW NO MO! 

M C V E Y R E A L E S T A T E 

In Oak RUIS. By Owner 
3 )1 , en a large corner lot. w m o n y lo r « * froes, *66,66o 
344 4o27 Of 661 3667 

 with 
C oll 

FIREPLACE 

CASTLE 
TERRACE • • • 
HILLS 

Doctor transferred m ust leave his beoutitul nom e 3 b e d ro o m s. 2 fa m ily room , s e p a ra te d in in g room. all electric kitchen, m any extras 
A m ust se * 
M/,o6o 
344 6346 
Grace Arnold 
E m 
____ 
IS 725 1 OOO 
I vee) ss ANO tit vers 

L a rg e single living area. torm ol dining and large m aster bedroom 
Im m ed iate o ccu p a n cy and only 
*3o66 e q u ity a n d p r ic a u n d e r 
14o.ooo 6 *4 / /UU 
C E N T U R Y 21 Schneidet P e o n y 
F IR S T T IM E~O N T H E M A R K E T 
) bedroom , 2 both, liv in g room fam ily room Oleo with rotheo ioi coiling, double beatae.* Spacious 
P e rfe c t co n d itio n 
C h a r m in g 
M a n y te tras 8)4 33)3. o2* 7)14 
M a l la b Hill, RaaHopi 
Forest Md!*’ I evely ) J I control heat air, large fenced lot. high on a hill Ne dow n p aym e n t to an yon* $29 77$ total WHI trad * 
B O B D e P A O L O 
344 3691_________ 
R E A L T O R 
F O R E S T O A K S 
S p a n ish I 2 2, c o u rt y a r d H u g * fa m ily room , cathedral coiling, h i aplace, ear- pol No o ga m * M I SO# O H loo) 

IN SHAVANO PARK i wooded acres. 1 1 1, fireplace, country kitchen, large fam ily ond d in in g g re a , s tu d y , m o ld quarters, m ore 
M9.S66 
F irm ] 
493 373a 
I 

INTEREST RATES ARE 
GOING UP! SW S TO 8 M t! 
Lum ber, labor, etc going up b i , 
B uy newt 9 m odels open d o ily t ; 
*79 566 to 5115.oo6' T rad # your h o m e tor th * d o w n p a y m e n t ' 
5 4 3 b ed room s. * I b a th s) Out 
Van ce Jackson, I m n * iro n 416 and Caliophun in Oak Valley ond 
Oak C leek NW 
MIKE KINDER 8LoR 
696 833o 

IT MUST BE SPRING 
T h * t r o t s is d r t e n a n d yo u r friends will be loo when they se* you in your 74 ti den ) beat tom with separate living, double aor a g r Assum e *2o2 mo 
S A N D IS O N R E A L T Y 
*99 93o1 f v A i r r r T C T 1 f t m * ------ 

All m aintained garden hom e with pool ond cab ana F ir aplace that will w arm your boart Bright kit­ ch en D o u b le e le c tric b o r a g e 
Low 4o * 
SA N D IS O N R E A L T Y 
*99 9161 
N E A R M E D IC A L C E N T E R 
C h o o se fro m 3 2 I 
L o w SIO t 
N o th in g dow n a n d lo w e r than average closing costs 
IO everyone 
349 1479 
Hector J Herbeck Int , R e g ild s 
N E A R U T S A A N O H O S P IT A L S 
3 3 2, carpets, air S27S down 
*96 7 41 o SLA T E R R E A L T Y ) * * 6* 
N E E O L O T S OF R O U M 
H ow a b o u t B IG S I t, n e x t Ic p op u lar G lop O a k s Sch o o l and 
M e d ic a l C o m p le x 
It s lu x u r y it» augh out. fireplace in big den 
A must se * at Oriow **o,ooo 
IN S P IR A T IO N H IL L S 
Priced tor quick soil. lu xu ry wilt view 4 2 2, hregtgce rn w arm don 
•'vin* and dining, ovor 23o6 sa f 
I tor only M9.966 
C H A R T E R O A K S 
O v o r 2286 sa ti et c h a r m anc b e a u ty in th is e le g a n t 4 2 7 corner. T e w n n o m * L o v e ly cus tom d ro p e s th ro u gn o u t 
L o rg i fam ily room with fireplace, tai m al livin g and dining room ani m ach m are * M MO 
! Century 21 
W hitehead Holiday 
484 3 / 1 1 __________ R E A L T O R 

NOW Y O U C A N A F F O R D room ness) L arge 4 bedroom will) cut tom recreation room C o n v e n e r to M edical School U T S A *46 VIM 
COM 174 O U I A N Y T IM E 
ROSOW I KLIM 
R F A I T A R * S i Y e a r s o f T R U S T 

Express-News—-M onday, March 14, 19 7 7 
T h ird P a g e 
EXPRESS - NEWS BONUS AUS 

T 
E 
X 
A 
S 
S 
I 
Z 
E 
S 
A 
V 
I 
N 
G 
S 
. 
. 
. j 

2 LINES 

I O 
DAYS 

N O N C O M M E R C I A L ! 
CANCELLABLE 
WITHOUT 
RATE CHANGE 
235-1666 
QUICK RESULTS! 

212 ■ HOMESHtiRTHWEST 

NEW LIS TIN G ! CASTLE PARK 
One of o K in d ! S a ltillo tile in fa m ily room . S e p c ra tc liv in g room and torm al dining room. J 
B e d ro o m s , b o y w in d o w s in m c s te r b ed ro om , F re n c h w in ­ dows in living room and fam ily room Sun deck. R E D U C E D to 
$54,9oo. 341-3211 A N Y T IM E . 
ROSOW t RUNE 
R E ALTORS-SO Years of TRUST 

212 DOKES KOKTWEST 

915 SAN ANGELO 
OFF BLANCO 
Redecorated inside and out. } be­ droom s, I bath, nice neighbor hood on busline. Only $17,ooo. Call 
Jean M artin 344-2341. 494-2o27 
BOB JONES, REALTOR S 
KEY GROUP 

NEW TO M A R K ET 
F o res ! Oaks o reo , 3-2-2, la rg e fam ily orca, oil luxury extras, plus low interest note. Coll soon 
$34,5oo 
FOREST OAKS 
Neor pool and tennis, lovely 3-2-2 with pretty yard, all luxury ex tros, $39,9oo Also 3-2-2 with fire ­ place in huge living area, 544.5oo ond ifs yard is full of ooks, also large 4-2-2 at $43,5oo Coll today on these or several others. 
OAK HILLS TERRA CE 
Big c o rn e r beauty w ith 14x25 fam ily room, fireplace, all extras 
This hilltop property only 543.9oo 
Century 21 

Whitehead-Holiday 
o84- 3711______________REALTORS 
NO C IT Y T A X E S 3-2-2, stove, carpets, $275 down. 
696742oSLATER REALTY349 927 
NO C IT Y T A X E S T rees , com m unitv pool ond tennis courts 
L a rg e one liv in g a r e a , high ceilings, wood burning fireplace ond laundry room. 3 Bedrooms, fenced covered patio ond storage 
Shed 
559.5oo 
Call 
494-7651 
A N Y TIM E 
ROSOW & KLINE 
REALTOR S 5Q Years Of TRUST 

STAGECOACH H ILLS 
Approx 2.8 acres. H '9 -2 , trees, lots of space for horses. $59,9oo. 
684-4747B. Zoner, Broker6»1-1492 

ST. MARY’S UNIV. is only 1 j block from this 3 be droom, I bath home priced to sell at only 515,9oo. Owner will carry 
F o r d e ta ils ond v ie w in g , co li 
342-4115 A N Y T IM E 
WORLD WIDE REALTY 
Sunset H ills . A ttra c tiv e . 3 b e­ droom , 2 bath, carp et, drapes, fenced y a rd 
Good co n d itio n . 
N orthsidc Schools. A rth u r Veit- mon 
Realty 
224-9245 aft 
6 
433-2467. 

2 1 4 -HOUSES S 6 V m S 1 

EAST CENTRAL 
Walk to elementary school 
3 bedrooms, 
I VS both, spacious living, separate dining 
Fenced 

 yord Coli now 
Mites m i n t 
532-5245 

DEANIE 
OWENS CO. 

MALTOKS-MIS 
S. MST OFC. 

NORTH SAN ANTO NIO HILLS 
S p acio u s 
S p anish 
R o ck, 
B e au tifu lly d e c o rate d w ro ught iron, rock and wrought iron fence, fro n t w ith c irc u la r d riv e w a y . 
O v e r I a c re w ith h un dreds of oaks. You must see to appreciate 
349-1479 
* Hector J. Herbeck Inc., Realtors 
N O R T H S ID E SCHOOL D IS T R IC T 
3-2-2, M ay I paym ents. 675-1691 
623-572o, 674-1777 
P O IN TER R E A L ESTATE 
OAK-CO VERED. H IL L T O P home has form al living, dining rooms 
F a m ily room w ith co rn e r f ir e ­ p la c e ! 4 b e d ro o m s , 2 b ath s 
GAME ROOM too' 
$68,9oo 
REALTORS 
696-4811 

TE N N IS AN YO NE 
Lorge 4-3-2, custom built home with tennis court, 2ox4o heated pool, dream house, horse run. tack room. Your eyes will sparkle when you see this one neor UTSA. 
Priced at $155,ooo. Conventional 
Century 21 
W H ITE H E A D -H O LID A Y 
341-7115 
REALTORS 
THE ESTATES! This lovely home in C A STLE H IL L S offers ideal flo o r plan for la rg e fa m ily or mother-in-law suite 4 Bedrooms, 
4 baths, music room and study. 
Beautifully appointed throughout. 
Located on corner lot. $142,ooo. 
824-o121 A N Y T IM E 
ROSOW & KLINE 
REALTORS SO Years of TRUST 
THE SU M M IT, BY OW NER 3-2-2, fireplace, drapes, carpet, large pantry, privocy fence. 696-1672. 

HIGHLAND HILLS 
Cotv 2-1 home with central near and a ir, w asher ond d ry e r con­ nections, fam ily room, breakfast a re a 'in k itc h e n 
A s su m e low equity, $119 monthly. 
Van Buren & Assoc 
684 7171 
534-5451 
344-1o89 

216 HOUSES SOUTHWEST 

Highland Hills, a must see, super nice 3 bedroom, country siie kit­ chen, built-in range, covered pa­ tio, fru it trees golore. V A -F H A . 
Call Ann 
ERA 
JACK MITCHELL 
532-31o7 
R ealto r 
64B-33o7 

ADAMS HIU 

You will love this luxurious 4 bedroom, 2VV both home with 
Fireplace ond its own 78x39 heat ed pool. Carpeting thruout ond fully equipped kitchen. 
Open 
Terms 

TOW EQUITY— lOW PYANT. 
Cleon 
3 bedroom home in established oreo neor school In dudes range, refrig., carpet and fenced yard tony occupancy 
Only 519,515 
HOME AND INCOME 
New duplex in Heritage Form neor Wilford Hall ond Lockland 
AFB One unit has 3 bedrooms ond 2 boths; the other unit has 2 bedrooms ond I both Bedrooms ond living areas ore fully carpeted Kitchens are equipped with range, dishwasher, disposal ond tefrig Good income poten­ tial v m iffjs ts ? 
WORLD WIDE 
R L 

218 ROUSES MOW!) 

HOMES - S2oo DOWN! 
MCVEY R E A L ESTATE -922-17o6 

Govt Build. 26x4o good roof new paint job $345o Delivered 333-o765 

REDI-BiLT HOMES 
New 3 bdrm., 2 both homes 
2 Bdrm., I both homes. 
WE B U IL D ANY SIZE 
DODSON LSR 
624-2256 
6 SMALL 2 BEDROOM HOMES 
53,ooo each One l l bdrm , I ' kit­ chen, l l baths. 2ox 176ft M o tt. 
Bldg Moved. S14.ooo. 614 2256 

228 -SUBURBAN PROPERTY 
226 SUBURBAN PROPERTY 

 o o a 

To be moved- House (125o sa ft ) cedar shakes on roof, solid wood, new point, must sell 828-8o5o 
We Buy Houses To BE Moved 
628 1459 
922-4113 

226 SUBURBAN PROPERTY 

HUGE D E N —O ELLC RE ST 
B rick 3 bedroom , 2 bath- Only 
527,ooo Nothing down GI- Better 
Hurry! 
341-3154 
H ITE S 828-3691 
W alker J. Barnebev R EALTO R 

JUST LISTED 

OAK HILLS TERRACE 
Im m aculate 3-2-2 with extro fea­ tures. Living-dining combination 
Paneled den 
Finished garag e 
F e n c e d . 
N o w , $39,95o. 
Ann 
Cartwright, 696-533o, 342 3778. 
PROFESSIONAL REALTY 
O FF B A N D E R A RO. 3-2-2, fire place $275 down. 
696-742oSLATER REALTY684 616 
OFF BLANCO 
’ > blocks to bus 
2-1-2. ca rp e t, corner lot Nothing down to an­ yone 675-1691, 342-7435, 674 1777 
P O IN TER REAL ESTATE 
OFF Blanco, on Ridgewood, corner, 2 bedroom, separate din­ ing, no down, $14,5oo Habiumos 
Espanol! 
923 19o4 
A R C IN IEG A R E A LT Y 

THIS 2 BEDROOM, I both home needs a little fixing but bos excel­ lent roof Good rental property, easy to buy, $1o,5oo Call 494-7651 
A N Y T IM E . 
ROSOW A KLINE 
R E ALTQRS-5o Years of TRUST 
Twin Creek, by owner, 16oo so ft a iry . sunny. 3-2-2. c a rp e tin g , cathedral ceilings, fireplace, c a ­ llo. dining room, breaktastnook, 
7J«, Coll 349 6o75 anytim e_______ 
TWO M ASTER S U IT E S in 4 be­ droom, 3 both home on beautiful lot! Livin g-dining com bination plus family room, covered patio 
$48,5oo 
REALTORS 
Guy Chipman Co 

UNIVERSITY DAKS 
Like new, brick 3-2-2 on corner lot 
Electric kitchen-open living oreo 
W olk lo e le m e n to ry school 
$38,9oo 
Erie 
Nogel, 
696-533o, 
696-2712. 
PROFESSIONAL REALTY 

Huge 2 bedroom, tlreoloce in liv- j mg room, bosement, on lovely, i quiet street in H ighlond P o rk . [ 
Terms open 684 6444. 
TERRILL REALTY 
, REALTORS 
__________ 
MLS 
7o3 M o rn in g v ie w , neo r M o rtin 
L u th e r K in g D r. 3 b e d ro o m , 
I corner lot, $8,5oo. 534-1832_______ 
Neor Lytle, I acre, large country home, 3 spacious bed ro om s, 2 baths, kingsiied den. well, sheds refinance Call Olga 
ERA 
JACK MITCHELL 
532-31o7 
R e a lto r 
473-o1o8 
NEAR MCCRELESS. 4o3 Ward. 3 bedroom , 2 bath, b u ilt-ln s. d e­ ta c h e d g a ra g e . L a rg e p a tio , fen ced y a rd , p ec an tre e s . 
S p acio u s, w ell d e s ig n e d ond clean *22,ooo VA or FHA, shown by appl 
532 9oo3 Positively No 
Agents._________________ _ 
Near McCreless Brand new lust 
494-7771 i built 3 bedroom, 2 both, carpets, cen tral heat, garag e, oriced to sell VA-FHA Call Ann 

N O D O W N 
4 large bedrooms, 2 baths, double garoge, carpeted, appliances, in 
John Jay IFS area MOV! IN no down VA, or ossume 5189 per mo 
N E A R L A C K L A N D 
VERY U n it EQUITY tokes this 2 year old, 
3 bedroom home 
Owner soys "Bring me on offer on equity ond ossume, no qualifying." Bargain Buy! 
R E A LTO R S 
6 7 4 - 3 5 5 2 
H O D S D O N A A S S O C . 
K EY G R O U P 

GOOD BUILDING SUSS 

ON THE GUADALUPE 
ARE HARD TO FIND 

We have several, each with a high area for building and each with a gentle slope to river. 
From 
SI4,ooo. 
8%, 
12 year financing available. Highly restricted. 
Coll for 
Ap­ pointment to sept 

MBG REAL ESTATE 

7 3 3 -1 3 o 9 

BOERNE AREA 

LIVI O N CIBO IO C H E K I Tw o beau tiful propa r tle i situated on Itta croak. O na, on a d a op lot has 
4 bedroom s, 
I n boths ... living, dining co m ­ bination 3 o ’ tong ond a fa m i­ ly room 2 o » 2 o rC o u n try -si* a kitchen, oil built-in. O tte re d at 
$ 6 o ,5 o o . 
Second hom o has 
3 bedroom s. 
3 la rg e baths ond a big stone firep la ce In the living room 
... coxy, pane led study ond a spacious red w o od deck o v e rlo o k in g o 
Huge, sprln kle red loti $ 8 2 ,5 o o . 

O VER TW O ACRES! Each of these hom es is locoted on 2 plus acres ... one, built of n ative rock bos 3 bedroom s, 
2 beths and a fabulous k u ­ chen. A living room I Bx 14 w ith a firep la ce ... solarium ond a lo v e ly loft! lis te d et 
$ 6 5 ,S S O . The other hom e, a sp lit-leve l w ith fireplaces in both the living room and fam ily room . 
I tat 
4 bedroom s. 
3 boths and a tunde ckl 
Kitchen 
19x171 
Born and beautiful oaks! O f ­ fe re d at $ B 7 .5 o o . Call 3 4 4 - 
oo22. 
GiyCMpmanQx 

R I A l TO RS 

P L A TE D FOR S u b Division 
344 Acres on FM1518 
S A N T E X C O ., R E A L T O R S 
653-o46o 

228 RESORT PROPERTIES 
234 EMMS EQR REHE 
234 FORMS FOR RENT 

R iv e r front 5 acres. 585o down payment, $132.59 per mo Crystal clear w ater 
B eautiful views of 
T e x a s 
H ills . 
Shown by appointment coll 734-9363_______ 
R iv e r Front tra c t, 16 m l. from 
S A., paved Rd . U tilities, good terms. $49oo 344 6187 
R M GEORGE R E A LT Y 
242 M AIN 
BO ER NE. TEXAS 
249-2678, 249 3545, 249-3546 

M E D IN A R IV E R F R O N T A G E over 333 It. riv e r fro n ta g e. 3-2 home, central heat ond air Beau­ tiful trees, must see to appreciate 
684 4211 or 751 9943 
P IO N E E R R E A LT Y 
PORT Aronsas. 2 ig bdrm s, ex­ tras, large loft, electric built-in kitchen. 511-275-6516 otter 7pm. 
WANT COASTAL P R O P E R TY 
Aransas Pass or P ort A ransas 
DOUGLAS ANDERSON 
8o3 Gordino_____________ 731 1362 
Water Front Lot, Southside Can­ yon Lake, magnificent view, $15oo cash. By owner, 1-625-4582. 
ROCK HOME-4 ACRES 
In Ook Village North w ith lots O' 23o - LOTS extras. Priced in mid $5o's. Coll 1-------------------- 
Ron today. 
494 5571 
Niles 656-4189 

G A TE W A Y T E R R A C E , redecor­ ated 3-1-cp. fenced. $17$ down, 
$155 mo 
J A J R E A LTY 674-8883 Anytime 

GUID COUNTRY 
Live in this 2-1, centro! heal ond large trees, m osiac table with bench BBQ, large fam ily room, living and dining room com bina­ tion. 517,ooo 
Van Buren & Assoc 
684 771 
696-5896 
699 oo66 

 m H E R ITA G E FA R M •• 
Nothing down to anyone! Clen 3 bedroom, 2 bath. 2 car garage. carpeted, central air-heat. 
$4o,5oo 
913 19o4 
A R C IN IE G A R E A L T Y 

ERA 
JACK MITCHELL HOMES - S2oo DOWN! 
532 31o7 
R e a lto r 
648-33o7 
MCVEY REAL ES TA TE 922 17o6 

DEVINE REALTY 
Devine, Texas 
1 663-4558 
S A Hired line 826-12oo 

O F F BLA N C O 
2 1 1 . p a rtia lly fu rn is h e d hom e 
Low e a u ity , m o n th ly 
SUO 32, 
51 5,75o 
C H A R L E S W A T T S R E A L ES 
TATE 732-2918. 732-5355, 228-92o1, 
732-7184________________________ 
O FF ING RAM RD 3-2-2, nothing down $3oo total move in. Anyone can buy. 
674-6116 
RAE Real Estate 

OFF LUCKHILL SELMA 
Elegant brick home in secluded neighborhood 4 bedroom. J both plus 27 X 13 garden room Excel­ lent condition. 822-5228, 828-5671. 
S tr a u d e r N e ls o n R e a lty 

OFF WEST AVE 
1926 
W . 
R id g e w o o d 
H o m e redecorated inside and oul-f gar age apt Assume VA loan. David 
P o lit, REALTOR 349-4195. Eves 
344-5o62 
_________________ 
O lm os D r . Im m a c u la te 2 be drooms. paneled den. form al din mg. lovely kitchen, garage, work shop, fenced yard, trees galore 
VA-FHA. Call Ann 

W. DRAIS 2 BDRM 
Low dn. owner carry, nice yard 
736-1766 
828 o665 
734 4117 
WATSON A SON REALTORS 

WHISPERING OAKS 
Open House Sat -Sun. 2 to 5pm 
You'll like this light ond cheerful kitchen with island cook too, also large dinette with bow window, formal living dining rooms, large den with fireplace and built ms. 3 large bedrooms. 2 luxury baths, m any la rg e tre es on level lot. 
577,ooo 2735 Whisper Poth 
For appt. 492-2636___________________ 

No cor n e c essary, id e a l r e t ir ­ ement, attractive 2 bdrm house, bus, shopping, doctor, dentist, I blk 'eovmg city. 532-1o1o - 
• •••O n Koehler Ct Clean 3 be­ droom $16,975 Nothing down to anyone' Hablomos Espanol 
913-19o4 
A R C IN IE G A R E A L T Y 
••••O n P restw ick. 3 bedroom s, 
$17,75o No down to anyone! Hob lamos Espanol 
923 19o4 
A R C IN IE G A R E A L T Y 
OW NER AN XIOUS - Only $28,15o 
F H A a p p ra is e d . B ric k 3-2-2, heat-air, built-ins, covered oatio ond much more. Call for on ODP* 
333 4144 
Niles 656-2787 

3-2-2 
Im m acu late 3 bedroom , 2 both home with double g orag e M in ­ utes to Wilford Hoi! and bases No down and no closing costs to Vets 
BR IG HA M R E A L T Y 673-14o1 
3 11 IN A M E R IC A N A 
C o rd el. drapes, appliances, cen tral a ir heat patio in fenced yard. Extro neat Condition 675-2152 
RED CARPET 

3 -2 'j-2 in H e ritag e F a rm F ir e ­ place in living room, w et-bar in den Large master bedroom with dressing are a A p pliances. All this and your own pool, loo Totol 

ACREAGE HO M ESITES 
NW of San A n ton io in B e x a r, 
Comal, Kendall Co's. 1-18- acres or More 

DON SMITH CO 
698-144o 
BROKER 
698 2261 

ACREAGE TRACTS 
In the country, North of S A from 
I to 3o acres Owner financed Coll 
Jim Hanley, broker. Son Antonio dial direct 497-3621 Anytime. 
BDLVERDE AREA REALTY 
497 3621 
REALTOR 
1 438-7442 

7 ACRE ENTIRE MT. TOP 
North, fenced, well, co op electric, 
; w ide p aved rood 
V ie w m any miles of distant m ountain scen­ e ry . M u ch m o re 
Bob S m ith , 
698 2o93, 494 6777________________ 
8 acre form $5oo down payment. 
; $78 per mo Irrigated 'a rm land in 
Texas Hills Neor highway, well 
I furnished Call for appointment to 
1 see 734-9598_____________________ j I A c r e , in Oak V illa g e N o rth , 
I $9 OOO or best offer Coll 824 2886 

SPRING SPECIAL 

Country living Boerne oreo 
2 deluxe homes you better see! 
Seduced to builders cost for im­ mediate sole and possession 

$59,9oo reduced to $49,9oo. 
$79,5oo reduced to $69,9oo. 

Cool living in oak studded setting, nexl lo Boerne* new lake. 

C a ll c o lle c t 

 f-249-2382, 249-2764 

Century 21 
W A K E F IE L D REALTORS 

SECLDDED 
15 Acres, luxurious, oak studded building site. IS m in north of 
USAA and Medical Center Owner financed 
344 6268 
341 6566 
684-5768 
CONNALLY 
R E A L E S T A T E IN C . 

I Acre in 41o on M edina R iver, obout I m ile Irons dom , w a le r main to acre. 538oo. Coll Boerne, 
I 249 7446 collect) 
________ 

FOR LEASE 
BLUE SKY HORSE RANCH 

Completely remodeled older home 6 miles from New 
Braunfels towards San Antonio. Central heat-air, 3 bedrooms, I bath, I car garage, screened porch. Horse stalls, exercising yard, feed barns, paddocks. Total IO acres. City water, school bus. $3oo month. 
655-1551 
Weekends 1-625-3224 

SMALL ACREAGE TRACTS 
5 TO 2o ACRES H IL L CO UN TR Y 
LAND 
EASY 
TERMS LOW 
DOWN 
PA YM EN T 
N E A R C ANYON LA KE 
P riced 
* 1595 to $ 1995 per OC re 899-2611 or 
899 7866(home) 
Century 21 
NORRIS R E A LTY 
SOUTH 
3 bedroom, 2 both masonry 55o,ooo 626-1544 

SOUTHEAST 
LaVernio School District. 2 acres, 
Only HOO down and easy terms 
H B C REAL ES TA TE, 927-7441. 

BANDERA 
3 nu south of town, 3 ac on o hill a s k in g , 52,495, w ill c o n s id e r offers 
Bill 
Hughes, 
Broker, 
342 1661 

BEAUTIFUL VIEW 
Oak tree studded acre, IO miles north of town 
H as w a te r and electricity on wide paved roads 
O w ner must sell au ic k ly , little down w ill fin a n c e b a la n c e 
492 3751, eves, 822-9355.__________ 
B eautiful wooded propery with frontage on both Waco Springs Rd ond M a ry P riess D riv e . 12 92 acres priced 516,5oo New Broun le is , 
Tx. phone J im 
R u le y , 
I 625-7377, I 625 48o5 

SPRING IS HERE! 
R E A L L Y enjoy it on two acres riv e rfro n t Pecan and Cvoress tre e s , g a rd e n soil and lush grasses right down to the wide, clean ond clear Guadalupe Close in North Robert Smith 698 2o61. 
494 6777 

2.35 ACRES LO C K H ILL RD 
Zoned single fam ily dwelling 
Owner carry with small down 
736-1766 
828 o665 
333 1163 
WATSON ft SON REALTOR S 
I 
2 A D JO IN IN G 6ox16o ft lots oft 
Rigsby neor Loop 41o Totol price 
$3,ooo 
O w n e r w ill fin a n c e . 
923-4327, 924 1968 

R o n a ld W i l l i a m s o n 

CHOICE KOMESITES 
Q uietly secluded in W oodlawn 
Hills Build now or hold for in vestment Terms available $3,8oo to $6ooo Paved streets AH utili­ ties Near Schools and shopping 
N ear Bandera Rd. and Benrus 
Dr For details coll Louis Flores, 
732-2241. 

232 FARMS AND RANCHES 
232 - f ARMS A M RANCHES 

2 Story, 4 bedroom, fireplace with heotolator, all elect 
Blonco Co 
$4o,ooo 
Jim 
Ashley 
Realty 
226-7774_________________________ 
Toke up payments on 3* acre NW for home building. W a le r, city utilities M r. Fetter, 679 7229 
2 to 4 a c re s n o rth 
M o b ile s , h o rse s, ok 
$5o dow n, $35 SS monthly IO years. M agee 342 2516 

3 B E D R O O M RO CK H O M E 
5 acres Fireplace. Located near 
B o ern e 
B O E R N E 
R A N C H 
R E A LTY 224 717! 

I TO 5 ACRE TRACTS 
N W S A neor FM-471 ond 16o4. 
W ell restricted , cen tro l w a te r, paved streets, prices very com p e titiv e . 
Good te rm s 
LA- 
KECR OFT 
REAL 
ESTATE, 
342-1661_________________________ 
N Of 

I'/? ACRE NW 
$ miles to Bandera, Loop 41o No city taxes $2,395, $22 monthly No j coastal D eer, quail, ond dove 

BY OW NER 75 ACRES 14 miles I I to 3 Wooded Ac. good soil southeast Loop 41o on highway 16. j S A Just outside Bexar Co 
Only 3 years old 
All brick 3 2 
492 9436 H Castle Realty 732 66o2 hom e L A R G E ROO MS 
Swim 
----------------------------------------- -------------- m ing pool. 2-story m etal born 
Irrig a tio n well and equipm ent 
F ish in g pond 
L a rg e ook and hickory trees With 2o acres of 

Commercial lots, all sixes, also a few commercial buildings 
734 5434 C P .KOSUB 341 o343 

INSPIRATION RILLS 
Id eal lot for your hom e 
H igh elevation with a beautiful view of the city For details and viewing, call 342-4115 A N Y TIM E 
WORLDWIDE REALTY 
LO TS! LOTS! LO TS! B uilders special in new NE addition near­ ing completion. 824-45o7. 
REQUA REALTY CO 

SWT FARM & RANCH' 
REAL ESTATE 

APPROXIMATELY ?6oo ACIES N E 
LA SAILE CO With frio River hon tog* 
2 nice mobile hornet 
Garage, buntine stonds, numerous small fields Excellent hunting and fishing Small por­ tion of minerals y)6S per ocre with good terms 

411 M ats IM SAU! CO. H 
Mile Nueces River frontage. 5 miles West of Cotulla 18o Acres irrigated farmland, nice house overlooking small toke Excellent hunting and fishing with mony r od improvements Vt minerals real snowploce $8oo per acre with good owner financing lf! WTEIS — I — 179-2759 
1.o. lax 583, Cotulla, Tx. 
71o14 

SOUTH TEXAS 
RANCH OWNERS 
URGENT!!!!!!!!! t . N w d 25,ooo to aOjOOO 
•eros Sooth T r i m woHrina a n d howHna ronga. 
Mwe» hove mtnorots and osocujhro a. I vitae* co 
Wosln*. Must 
Lava tmde (ground watar. 
Mast bo In a few tam toanjy. 
2. Aho wood 12oo to IW O arras. owroWtoc a hooting ranch. Abret ho va mtnorab. a aor uh va prlvttaqo on lansing, unasrya und a or ar, and in a tow fox county. 

 strong financial boyars. 
C A U OR W R ITI: 
GANNAWAY LAND CO. 

Austin, Tx. 787o1 
I - 4 7 7 - 3 2 8 6 ______ 

MOUNT AIN VIEW ACRES 
Beautiful 1 I ocre residential lot in scenic M ountainview Acres o il] 
C ulebro lust beyond the a re a l; 
N orthw est subdivision For de toils and viewing, call 654 18441 
A N Y TIM E 
WORLD WIPF REALTY 
4127 MT 
L A U R E L AVE in M I 
Lau re l sub Off W u rib o c h and! 
IH IO West 72 front ti w th coved | alley neor Turtle Creek CC, Med 
C enter, USAA 512,5oo 
Term s 
696 44o5 Mon F ri or 341-5646 daily | 
8AM 1oPM 

 mobiles. Bill Essex 341-5941 

I ACRE— KW 

Coll 
924 6571 appointment or 1-742-3o98 tor 

Ook trees, paved streets, alec tricity, telephone V ery close in but no city taxes. 54,995, Bill Es­ sex 341-5941 
____________ _ 

 century JI 
AUiUCD rDAAlCC CDD Cn 
^ 
^ v 
* 

Vi ACRE NW 

W HISP ER IN G OAKS 
Bv Owner, beautifully carpeted, 
4-2. tormal living, separate roised dining, den has fire p la c e , pool table sited game room hos m any built ins Im m ac u late cond 
No agents please Low S7o's 492 1827 

ERA 
532-31o7 
JACK MITCHELL 
R ea lto r 
648-33o7 

ON A CULDE SAC 
In beautiful Enchanted Forest A dream of o fam ily home in the ever popular Churchill Area Get a fantastic buy. 

OWNERS lf YOU hove not sold your home try our p ro v e n m ethod, it s D IF F E R . 
E N T , it WORKS Call 341 4455 
BarwebBw Aoencv Realtors 
PLANTS 'N THING S will be happy on shuttered porch. 
2-1, dining, big living room 
MAC REAL ESTATE 818 2521 

WHISPERS OAKS 
NEW ON M A R K E T 
4 bedroom. 2 both, oak covered lot with automatic sprinkler system, 
$58,9oo Call for details 69o 922o, 
492-1231 

WOODLAWN HILLS 
Small home in need of repairs, 3-1. washer and dryer connections 
$11,5oo 
Van Buren & Assnc 
684 7171 
696 5896 
699-oo66 

OWNER T R A N S FE R R E D 
Must sell his beautiful 1oo*o brick 
3-2-1 fast! Centrol heat-air, torm al living, coxy aen and covered pa­ tio. No down VA. 
STOP CO LLE C TIN G 
R E N T R E C E IP T S 
Build your own estate, start with this clean 2 bedroom with stove ond refrig er­ ator. No down VA, payments ap­ prox. $125 per mo. Coll now 
IM M E D IA T E POSSESSION for qualified buyer on this High­ land Hills 3 bedroom with 3 cor gorage. Ideal for car butt of han­ dyman Ask tor Jim 
532 3252 
Niles 337-4823 

W OODLAW N T E R R A C E 
O lder 
3-2-2 with super sued rooms. Car- j peted throughout, bonus bedroom ; and bath attached to d etach ed! g orag e P ric e d to s c il' R E A L I 
TORS. 341 4484. 
RED CARPET 

Century 21 
W A K E F IE L D REALTO RS 

PAINT ANO BRUSH needed on 2 bed ro o m s, liv in g a re a , double detached g orag e 
Concrete block storage building, plus I bedroom house on almost on <i ocre $14,5oo Owner carry. 
Roberta White 533-7143. 333-8743 
BOB JONES. REALTOR S 
KEY CHOUP 

216 HOUSES SOUTHWEST_ _ _ 

Et JR RANSOM R E A L T Y 673-77o1 
3-2 7 IN M E A D O W V IL L A G E 
C arp eted, fire p la c e , c a th e d ra l c e ilin g s , m ost a p p lia n c e s , covered patio in privacy fenced yard. 475-2152. 
RED CARPET 

JUST BECAUSE OF LE N T dont give up the opportunity of owning a lovely 3 or 4 bedroom , 2 bath hom e to r low e q u ity and p a y m e n ts u n d e r 
$2oo 
C a ll 
828-8195 Soon 
RED CARPET 

Paved streets, e le c tric ity , fete j phone, close lo U T S A , M ea 
Center. No city taxes. $3995. $38 , monthly. No mobiles 
Bill Essex I 
341-5941________________________ _ 

ACRE OF OAKS 
En toy comping, fishing, canoeing on this beautiful wooded site in the 
Hill Country, or build a country ] home bock In the tall trees. $2oo down. $4$ month at 7*« ta. Coll 
Tom Taylor 494-5237 or 342-8583 
I 

Bv owner, 19 acres, com pletely fenced, deep w ell. 3 bed ro om 
Mobile Home with 16x74 Flonuo 
Room, storage bldg , barn, hay shed on 
County 
Rd 
539.5oo 
I 535 4161_______________________ 
Call us oboui our dose-in rural properties 2-8Oo A ries 
S till A Assoc. Realtors 814 2385 

RTSA PROFS 
Just what you need to come home to Twenty four acres within easy commuting distance, secluded but good access Two bedroom home J with two fireplaces, guest house, solar heated swimming pool. born and pens 
A C . S c h w e th e lm & Assoc 
SOI Front Street, Comfort, Texas 
78o1J Telephone 
(512) 995 33)1 or (S II) 995 7)63________________ 
W INO W O O D E S TA T E S . Choice locafion 
I 3* ocres 249 2119 
249 8491 
____________________ 

ONLY $1oo DOWN 
125 F A IR V IE W 
Zoned " O '* ,| 
Large pecan trees, $45 month 
16o2 LA M ANDA, 
Corner, Zoned; 
"B", $5o month, 7% m ires! 
43$ W W ILDW OOD - Zoned 
B 
: 
$5o month, 7% intrest 
674 722oG B OONZALES828 5884 
TE R R E L L HILLS 
Lovely building site in orea of tine homes I45x 252 with pretty native trees. 824-1233 
M A ZIE SALE H IL L , REALTOR 
4 W a te rfro n t lots in B a n d era 
Owner will finance 
Call t -837 1488 

231 INVESTMENT PROPERTY 

TJeoT Floresville acres unim­ proved but cleared land On cor net poved TM and unimproved mod 
South of Poteet approximately 
'AIA acies, two tanks, two 3So It, wells, peanut allotment Frontage on I loach 
S 

 s, 3494343 
4128 or 494-1832 
DIANE 
OWENS CO. 
Rf AITOV-MIS 
Blanco Id. Ole. 

K e rrville 35o acre R anch-rolling hills with gushing springs. Lake with both ond catftsh-cleor woter 
Deer ond turkey. $55o per aere- interest only payments available. 
Owner 511 367 5o69. 
_ 
LLANO M IN I RANCH 
118 Acres, 5 miles west at Llano, c re e k , s ev eral ponds, 2 w e lls, deer, quoit ond fish. H u n te r's cabin, small born with pens $575 per ocre Owner financed or con take cosh. Earl Eostburts-Broker. 
I 1454-66o4, I 454-38oo__________ _ 

Moffett Lumber Co 
(F A R M B RANCH Realtors) 
Dependable Since 1915" 
4o7 N- Zoriom oro. 431 788) 
N EAR POTH 
ISO ocres plus good house, coastal and pasture, public woter, 2 stock ponds A steal at $55o per acre 
RENFRO REALTY 
622 1163 ______ 
622-3722 

58 ACRES 

CLOSE IN ACREAGE 
228 RESORT PROPERTIES 

6 ACRES 

PRIME LOCATION 
Live in luxury and entertain with pride in this spacious 4-1-2 home 
E x c e lle n t tor fo m ily w ith teen- ager or in-laws Close to Medical 
C e n te r ond U S A A . C a ll M r .) 
D eLaG arza 144 2141, 496-1956 
BOB JONES, REALTO RS 
KEY CHOUP 

PSSSTT 

GOTTA MINUTE? 
Come lake a look at this 7-story 
C o lo n ia l c h a rm e r In p o p u la r 
Northwest area 4-7-2 with family room, huge covered patio, and an oak tree that s at least IOO years old AH on a coiner lot $41,9oo 
Century 21 
Schneider Reolty 
484 72oo 
RANCH STYLE HOME hoi tire oloce. boomed ceiling in fam ily room ! Livin g- dining c o m b in a­ tion 4 bedrooms. 2 baths Many extras! 
S52.9oo 
REALTORS 
694 4811 
Guy CjiipanCo 

READY TO MOVE IN! ~ 
A ll brick 4 bedroom , executive hom e 
Two lire p lo c e s , one in m a s te r bed ro om , la n d s c a p in g and exterior decor of the finest 
Be the proud owner of this tine home in Hollywood park 
349 4141 or 349 1515 Anytim e 
Deanie Owens Co 
R EALTORS Btonco Rd Otc 

REDUCED 
J E FF AREA 
Best bu y i Single ow ner hom e 
Beautifully m aintained 3-2 Flus 
3ox18 family room with fireplace 
Law 4o $ 
CAROLYN GRAHAM 
REALTOR 
826 8673 Anytime 

WOODS OE SHAVANO 

TWO STORY DELIGHT 
Super kitchen w ith oil m odern conveniences, plus 4 bedrooms, 
2' > baths and huge den with fire ­ place A real playhouse for the kids and pool and tennis club near by H U R R Y !!! 

8 28 4391 A n y tim e 
Deanie Owens Co 
Reoltors-NE Loop ole_____ 

JUST LISTE D . J-1' j-corport, 7Sta b rick hom e w ith fenced y o rd . hordw ood floors, ond sep arate dining 434-2341 
RED CARPET 
_________REALTOR S__________ 
L ac klan d T e rra c e . By O w n er, 
3 2-2. cen tral h ea t-air, covered patio, large fenced yord, !oo‘ * 
A u stin p in k sto n e. 
$28,8oo 
684-494o att 3 

AA I D E A L 
3 bdrm s, 2 baths, carpets $15o dn May payment 
496-741oSLATER REALTY344-o93 
5 ACRES ON PLEASANTON RD. near Vitlaret. owner financed 
HUGHES A BRISCOE 
914 4331 REALTORS t 663 5597 
A FFO R D A BLE 
Alm ost new I bedroom , 7 both with country kitchen. $15oo equity assume VA loan. 454-1214 
RED CARPET 
A F F O R D A B L E 
K IN G S B O R ­ 
OUGH RIDG E 
Choice of two 3 bedroom, gorage, c e n tra l h ea t 
P a y m e n ts $145. 
H u rry! This won t last Habiumos 
Espanol 
474 6126________RAE Real Estote 

LOW EQUITY 
Near Lackland. T i yr old rock and asb estos 
A s su m e $7o8 m onthly, 7J*ta interest, centrol hoot and a ir , a ll a p p lia n c e s , fenced 3-1-CP $21,7oo 
Van Buran t Assnc 
684 7171 
344 1o89 
344 7111 

YOU'll NEVER REGRET 
ALI CASH YOU NEED $25o 

Reduced Over S1o.oUo 
Colonial V itia te , Custom b u ilt I beautiful diopes and c arp e t. 4 

The day you fin a lly decided to look at this lo vely 4 bed ro om home whose charm begins right at the front door 
Includes such ; features as 18x38 pool with sun deck, wet bot. and covered polio 
Price reduced to $49,95o 
984-433o 344-42o7 A n y tim e 
Deanie Owens Co 
REALTORS-Bondero Rd Otc 

214 HOUSES SOUTHEAST 

All B rick, borgoin. no down to anyone 
4-3-2, low closing, 1 
Doric rest 
LEONARD. REALTOR S 
333-o649__________________661 3317 
A M IN N E R 
This 3-2-7 is new on the m arket so lake o look! C athedral ceiling large den with fireplace and gar geous new carpel Form al dining or livin g 
E q u ity and ossum e , 
$39,9o9 Niles 974 7449 
Day or nile 455 6941 
Monon Sputhwesi Realty, j 
Bargain, 3 oedroom. I bain. lame ly room, carpeted. Doric rest No down to anyone 
LEON ARD . REALTOR S 
333 o649__________________661 3371 
3 bedroom. J baths near S Pre sa St Teresa A cadam y 923 o/13. 
216 794o A M E R IC A N R E A LT Y 
BIG HOME LOM E Q U ITY 
3 bedroom. 2 bath, double garoge. located in Lakeside, this wen t lost! Niles 653 7497 
Century 21 
HAP RESER 453 6193 Anytime 
Bv owner Lovely I bedroom tut 
Iv rarp eled , living dining room. kitchen, paneled extra clean and m any e x tra s ! 7 U S , l i l t mo 

Volley Hi, 3 bedrooms, I baths, 
No qualifying Move in today! 
474-222oG B OQNZALES828 5884 

AMERICANA 

 talk terms 
674 o744 
Coll 924 5471, nites 

 large bedrooms, 3 luxury baths, J $4.oo9 equity All 4 o9 Sir 998/ t ir g ^ p s . c m 
Eats 
^ 
^ 

Bring your paint brush Ne down p a y m e n t to a n y o n e 
3 4 Be drooms, 2 baths, some with air ond appliances P aym ents less then rent 
BOB OePAOLO 
346 3o91 
R E A LTO R 
Turner Realty 

RO LLING RIDGE 
ABSOLUTELY IM M A C U L A T E !4 bedroom, 2 bain brick hom e 2 living areas, culde sac locution 
$4$ 9oo 
REALTOR 
491 139o 
Century 21 
E L A IN E LU O M IO * ASSOC 

•1 6 1 4 Sacramento* 
Large 3 3. reconditioned, oft Meet 
A ve 
$19,599 and we ll tro d e 
344 3471, Piles H I 19o1 
BOB B R EN N ER REALTOR S 

•1 6 1 4 Sacramento* 
Large 7 Bedroom. Separate din m g. I ' t b ath s, a tt M est A ve 
$44 H 7 1, H I I FO I B R E N N E R CO 
SAN ANGELO 
In Los Angeles Hgls 
3 I I with s c ieened porch, low eauity As­ sume $1o4 monthly 
Van Buran t Assoc 
684 7171 
494 5894 
344 l i l t 
F T lo a IMI ia W YV I l i u m — 

D U P LE X 9 HOME 
Always rented owner finance 
>33 1999 Respondek Rlty 654 54e7 
EAST C E N T R A L 
Beautiful OII rock 1-12, den, fireplace, covered polio, buill ins Im m aculate con dition Coil today 
3114144 
NitOS 133-4143 

Close to Kolly, 1-1-1. contra) air, oppliancos. tencod. carpet w all- I to watt, F irs t tim e listed 
F irs t ] payment M ay, $217 
6796126_______ RAE Real Estote j 

3 BEDROOMS 
7 bams. 7 blks oft M ilitary Dr VA or CRV available 
144-4261 
H I 4566 
923 5944 
COIUNALIY 

R E A L E S T A T E IN C 
B E H IN D V A L L E Y MI M A L L . 3 bedrooms, 7 baths. $2oo down 
$96 7429SLATER BE ALTY 344 Q93 
B E L L A IR E . 
B E A U T IF U L 
J 
B E D R O O M H O M E , com pletely re d e c o ra te d O w n e r a n x io u s , I priced to sell tost 
HUGHES A BRISCOE 
914 4331 
REALTORS 
113 9359 
By owner. J bedroom. 2 bain In 
V A L L E Y HIG H NORTH Centrol neat air. Northside schools, low equity and ossume paym ents of 
$279 mo 675 9937 
3 I CA R PO R T in 
V o lle y H i. j 
Separate living, dining and family rooms Large trees ond fenced ; 
Price $19,999 
Century 21 
R R RANSOM R E A LT Y 673 77o1 
C L E A N 
B U N G A L O W 
3 be drooms. Stove $2o9 down Hurry I 
496 7429SLATER R E A L T Y $94 SIS 
•CLOSE TO South Park M oll, 4 b ed ro o m , 
$5o9 down 
HO M E B U Y ER S 734 4155________ 
C O N V E NE IN T to K e lly and i Lackland No down paym ent to anyone 3 bedroom, heat air, aa phonies 
Payments less thun 
< rant 
BOB OePAOLO i i i Saki________ 
REALTOR 
5299 DOWN 3 Oediooms. parade. 
May first payment eve 7479SLATER REALTY344 Q93 
J i l l, $1,9oo equity, 4/4 3494 oft 
5pm 

M CCOLLUM AR EA E x tra nice 3 bedroom. I ' , bath. dan. large lot. 
VA or FHA 923-4127, 924 2927 
Ronald Williamson 
MOVE IN TODAY 
Vocant, VA no down, no dosing 
Less than ren t C a rp e t, stove. I walk to northside school, quite neighborhood. 5 m inutes to M il ford Hall 
B RIG HA M R E A L T Y 673 14o1 
MUST SEE this 3 I' i-l in Amar- ; icano $2oo down. $1/5 mo 
J A J R E A LTY s/4 8613 Anytime 
N ear K e lley-Lackland area 
By 
Owner. I bedroom , I bath, cor port, low equity. Coli 623 532o 
NEAR K E H .Y, 3 bedroom home 
Mill sell os is condition, Cheap Or owner will completely redecorate 
No down VA 
HUGHES A BRISCOE 
916-4331 
REALTO RS 
67 5 o696 
NE A R L A C K L A N D Clean 4 OC droom, I 11 bath home, central air s and heat, carpeting and all ap 
Oliunces SI 55o equity ond ossume 
/'« •» VA loan 474 5411 
BED CARPET 

N IC E 3 bedroom s, ap p liances 
52oo down Moy payment 
496-741oSLATER REAL TY344 o93 
OFF P IN N RO I bedrooms, cen 
I trot air. stove $29o down e96 742oSLA T E R R EALTY344 o93 
OFF S M M TH 3 I t. carpet, one air unit Low equ ity, paym ents 
$123 mo , $15,oo9 or best otter 
C h a rle s 
M a tts 
R e a l 
E s ta te 
731 7919, 732 5355, 129 9194 
•PA LO ALTO area. 3244 Twining 
St 
$145 mo 
S m a ll dow n 
HO M EB U YE R S 734 4255 
P A N E L E D OEN 
Firs! time on m arket' Carpeted 3 bedroom cutey Range, retriger atar mony extras VA ne down, only $2o,oo9 
B RIG HA M R E A LT Y o73 UPI 
RAINBOW H ILLS 4-3-1, with car pet, cen tral a ir heat, patio ond fenced yard. good neighborhood 
47$ H S I 
RED CARPET 

SPICE M OOD 3-11, control heal a ir, range, covered patio $1)4 mo ZN interest, $18,25o or best otter Cooties Walts Meal Estate 
731 1919, 737 5)55, 111 9194 
• SPIC E M O O D . 51)5 mo 
I be d ro o m , s rn o ll dow n 
HO M EB U YE R S 734 4255 

ALL OR PART 
$749 PER ACRE 
Only min from boat ram p at Con-1 yon Lake. Owner will finance al j 
IN simple 
Biri Hughes. Broker, I 
341-19o9 
; 

5 ACRES and UP 
Just inside Wilson Co. Only lf mi from Loop 41o Also Texos Veter one 'Oort ovuil 
344-6268 
M I 4566 
695 2113! 
CONNALLY 
R E A L E S T A T E IN C . 
17 Acres OI 5495 acre oil 28IN, I 
P retty ooks, excellent hunting i 
Jim Ashley Rep! Estote 684 4274 
5 ACRES Between San Antonio and Bianco. 55.V95. small down, j long term financing oy owner 
534-8876 
______________________ 1 
16 ocres bv owner, paved road overlooking Canyon Lake. Lots of trees, near bool launch M ater electricity available 2o min Nom 
16o4 Mill divide, finance 494 2777, 
494 1931________________________ ; 
IO A cres E of B lo n c o . s m a ll house, good top soil, nice trees jim Ashley Real Estote 694 4276 

12 ACRES go with this 4ooo sq ft. 4-2' i home , 
Large den, 2 rock fireplaces, of 
| bee. study, etc Excellent fencing 
I No reasonable otter refused Must 
I sell bv April IS. land locaters ut Terns 
S A 667 ll54 667 1313 

5.3 ACRES 
H ill COUNTRY VIEW 
Rancher wants to sell neor Twin 
Sisters. $171o with owner finonc- 
I ma 
H O G 
REAL 
ESTATE. 
! 822 I I H ________________________ 

 to A c re tra c ts , o w n e r C o rry .! 
16.ooo to 21,ooo oak trees 
Van Buran a Assoc 
684 7171 
699 oo64 
654 44o8 , 
C O U N TR Y C H A R M E R in DU N I 
LAY Owner. 3-1, 14x78 livino. O' I ceilings, convertible O llie, own j woter I 11 peres 1 426 356) 

COUNTRY ESTATE 
Beoutitul custom built home plus I 
9 acres Fenced and cross fenced 
Stock tanks and creeks 
M ony other outstanding features Just minutes North of city Details coll 
347 4177, nites, 824 1954 
B ILL SOUTHERN R EALTO R 
CO UNTRY L IV IN G ' 
Big 3-2 den. huge fireplace, only 3 j ye o rs old 
On $ tre e studded acres Blackioo rood on 3 sides 
Fence, cross fenced 
349 65o3, 
494 7o4o 
Manila m atey Realtors 

DRUMS BO COME TRUE 
F lo rs e v ilie 3 e x tro la rg e be drooms, 2 tile boihs with vanities 
F o rm a l livin g ond dining with fireplace Paneled fam ily room, built-in china cobinet M o d ern j co u n try k itc h e n , fin is h e d ba sem ent oreo ond m uch m ore 
535.ooo 
Roberto While 533-7163, 
333-876) 
BOB JONES. REALTOR S 
KEY GROUP 

E Q U ITY FOR SALE OR TRADE 
>. Acre in Scenic hills, lot No I, corner and view 3 Acres, Silver 
H ills Lot No 
137 and 138 4.71 
: Acres Barcroft Estate, lot No. 189 
' COH 732-5633 
___________ 

CANYON LAKE 
5 ACRE TRACTS 

 lake facilities ond boat romps neor by Panoramic views, mony lorqe oak trees $188o per acre ond up Sell ?o% below market volue lip to IS yean to pay at 
8% 

F o r a p p o in tm e n t c a ll 
4 9 7 - 3 5 7 1 
I - 8 9 9 - 3 1 8 1 

Between IH37, M ilitary Drive, and : 
Loop 41o. less than IO m inutes I fro m dow ntow n 
F o r .o le or trade. Contact Jeff M iller or Kent \ 
Hicks 
LANDMARK, REAITORS 
___________69o-95o1_____________ I 
5o ACRES SOUTHEAST 
649 ft frontage on Hildebrand Rd . 
T e rrific appreciation potential ' 
2SN down ond owner will carry 
8N note Milber Latterly, Broker . 
656-1o17, 534 8873__________ _ 

SOI ACRES- 2 woter wells. 2 tanks, hay shed, tractor shed, irrigation available plus oil production $4oo per ocre 
146 ACRES, good water, tonk, oak trees, small nousc. S35o per ocre , owner financed. * 
Young Real Estate 
Karnes Lily. Texos 
I 78o-26oo________________78o 2397 
$7 ACS 
Trees, Coastal. Hunting cabin S795-oC. Owner financed 
Bobbie Anderson, G R EIN -C A M P 
BELL 
R E A L T Y , S A 
658 5131 
I 379 2434____________________ 
'A P L A C E ON THE R IV E R 
182 A cres close in southw est, some cro p lan d , pecans, oaks, deer Priced below m arket 
D E VA U LT ft Assoc 349 2677 
Property M arketing Exchange 
A p rro x. 2,ooo ocres in Z ap ata 
County, well im p ro ved, lots ot game. Tremendous Hunting $25o acre. 1-449-176*._____________ ___ 

3 BEDROOM BRICK 
Is 

232 FARMS AND RANCHES 

HEIOTES 
4 Acres Plus Beautiful Hill, can see lo the North Pole ond to the 
M exican Border. Sell, worth the 
M o n ey 
F m o n c e d by o w n e r. 
495 8995, 495 32o5_______________ 

Helotes Creek Bandi 
Beoutitul hills, fantastic view. all tra c t s u e s to su it you 
E a s y term s, financing availab le Call anytime MQ-45o6, M I 4*41_______ 

16 ACRES 
H ill COUNTRY 

2 STORY 

EXCEllENT CONDITION 

In Westwood Village 
3 11) conv 
M u s t see To ap predate Equity and assume $177 monthly payments 
47$ 28SO 

L a rg e 3 bed ro o m w ith lots at trees, double garage, earner lo! approx ISO*) sq ti of living area 
Ronge, re frig e ra to r, 2 storage sheds No down to Vets and Active 
Duly $17,ooo 
C E N T U R Y 21 
K elly Lockland Reolty 
6/4 I H I 

$2oo TOTAL MOVE IN 
3 bedroom , stove re frig e ra to r 
$153 Neor Kelly 
First payment in May Hablamos Espanol 
♦ 'H H * ___________________ E t'? '* 

H w y 44 fro n ta g e , h o lt w ov betw een Boerne ond Hw y 281 i 
Owner must sell tost, is buying other property M ake an otter on this Oak covered 14 acres with private tonk in the m iddle Call I 
M oyne L a M u n y o n 
H B C , IN C 
Braker, 922 I I H ________________ 
J acres rn China G rove, poved frontage, utilities available $7 IOO 
691 3169_________________________ 

2 ACIES TAVERNIA 
All utilities. 4 tracts on 1 > ac eo 
926 o645 
734 1766 
734-4117 | 
MATSON A SON REALTO RS 
233 ACRES, 3 milos tram Son An to m e, in C o m a l C o u n ty , n e a r j 
Cibolo Creek, unimproved Beau tiiul oaks. Elm s. S259o aer acre 
I terms. By Owner, 1-63$ 4582. 
: IS ACRES 
3 mi out of City limits i on t it So $15oo aer acre, easy 
I terms 916 6664. 623 1931________ 
\ 5 ACRES near Helotes, goad well, J fence, trees, ele c tric ity $2o,ooo j with $4,ooo dawn 29 yrs at 81 iS < j 695-999$, 695 1195________________ 

5 ACRES 
Near Somerset Country living al 
! Ut best Have poi den and some ch icken s and b e a u tifu l tre e s 
! Cecil Orrick 
Den Smith Braker 
735 9o9o 
; 3 4 Acres, north 2 houses, ane remodeled $61,59o 4»4 ISIP 
19 ACRES OFF IH I! EAS1 Near 
Universal 
City. good land 
659 3396 
I 
IS 6 ac res an FM 574 
Near Somerset, awner carry 
S A N T t X CO , R E A L T O R S 
_____________663 o46o__________ 
5 Acres 4oo on permanent creek huge trees. Inn Canyon toke Jim 
Ashley Realty 334 7774 
^136 ACRES 
Rio Medina on 
River SIXTO Acre >34 4/11 
I A C R E S w ith b e a u tifu l 4 be dream. 
J beth name. centrol 

25 wooded acres near B o ern e,! beautiful split level 4 bedroom, I both, split-level home. 7ox1o den ; w ith huge fire p la c e (w o rld s o' wood all ready cut and stacked). 
24x24 hobby loom plus 7 bedroom I guest house, oil this and m uch . more $159,ooo M4 9)48 
G ra c e Arnold 
REALTORS MLS 
I 
5 Hill Country acres $275 down payment. SH 19 per mo Beoutitul view s, big lr aas 7 fa S s im p le ! inter. Coll 734 7944______________ 
Homesiies from I to 5 a n e s . south of San Antonio in or atty sub divi 
Sion Price from $359o to 51o,oo9 
924 8)15, 3J7 49J7 
H Y A TT REAL EST ATL 

Kernville Hunting lodge 
IO Acres, 3-1' r mobile turn well, septic, born, trees 
828 o665 
714 1744 
675 o629 
MATSON * SON REALTOR S 
LARGE B U IL D IN G SITE 
I mile north from Loop N M de s ire d lo c a tio n , d ta p soil an d wooded oreo M ater, electricity, ond phone Payments of 142 79 al 
/• * sim ple in terest o tte r sm all dawn am t Las Feller. 679 7229 

L E T " " 
J A 
D E S ! 
Braker, Buy or Sell tor You Coli 
226 6357 
M2 93J8 
144 9424 

CANYON LAKE 
$ ACRE TRACTS Lake facilities ond boot romps neor by Panar- a m ic v ie w s , m an y la rg e oak frees 519oo per acre and up Sell 
3o“» below m arket volue Up to l l , y ea rs to POV Of 8% 
FO R AP 
P O IN TM E N T. coll 
497-1571, 
I 899 IU ) 
A Beautiful 
CANYON LAKE 
OHILLSIDE LOT 
B E A U T IF U L 
View 
514oo Easy Terms oLorge Lot 
Trees Neor Lake 
And boat ram p - Easy Terms 

C o p t . E . J o n e s 
_________ 923-6211__________ I 
I I a c re s of C a n yo n L a k e on. 
Poved road with view Owner tin t anted 
Call 
124 1421. 
341 2981, 
826-9936 
7' . ACRES CANYON LAKE 
On poved road overlooking lake. lots of trees, good grass M a te r- 1 electricity ava ilab le N ear Tur key Cove M arino on S A side O' la k e 
M ill d iv id e or fin a n c e 
I 494 2727, 494 1931________________ j 
| CANYON LA KE 
For sale beau 
Itlu l wooded level lot, u tilities a v a ila b le 
R e aso n a b le or w ill j trade tor late model pickup truck m good condition 732 7762 

CANYON LAKE BEAUTY! 
In Tamarack Shores with full lo keview New 14x74, tastefully tur mshed, 2 bedroom, 7 both THA 
, Mobile Home, on large tree stud 
; ded lot. centro* heal air, 12x12 sun deck, refrigerator pius many ex 
Iras Sub division has excellent p riv a te pool. p o rk s ond boot 
1 launching facilities Must see to appreciate A bargain at 524.3oo! 
DAY OR N IT E 455 4841 

42 
SCHS 
On 
M V * n— t IM35 a rt* mu top vie w , ok util, avail, and aw ner tinorxad 
IOO* ACR8S whh yank, large 
H 

», with creek h a n 'a p e let* e t deer 
O w n er 

4 8 6 K A*C.I rive r ranch with m any m y r o v r m r h m in er- a lt Intact and hat to m e g at p ro duett en . (x ceke at tor c e l­ ite and hunting; 
G U Y T H O M P S O N 
REAL ESTATE 
1o3* lo Hoia tkJa. Segum Ii 
668 8444 
Eve I 3T9 IM? or Ult 6MITH i 379 o189 Ivr 

 on 5 ocres neor Pipe Creek 
FANTASTIC volue! 
ED W AR D ’S RANCH R E A L T Y 
695 848o________________ I 535 4594 

•BROKERS WELCOME* 
74 5 Acres near Poteet. 559,4oo 
Owner Corry Hwy frontage. Mr 
Butt, 648-3484 atter 4 p m 
C H MAHL R E A LTY 
Good selection Form s Ranches 
I 379 5693 1-379 57)o 
Seguin, Tx 

N e w B ra u n fe ls H ill C o u n try 
Property Scheel A Assoc. Reolty 
647 
S 
Seguin, 
N. 
Braunfels 
625 8o78 
_____________________ 

K A R N E S CO. ISO acre to rm in o rea heavy oil, 9 o s, u ran ln u m production, well Improved, tortile, productive soil, te rra c e d , good woter, electricity, gos, telephone, old house. 42 miles San Antonio between Falls City Hobson on FM rood $65o per ocre details call 
C heever Real E state, 921-1149, 
635-8339 Ans sere 923-4211 
K E N D A LL COUNTY 
21o oc. ronch n e a r K e n d a h a . 
Beautiful pecan bottom with cy­ press line streom $12oo per ac , exc owner financing, low down, q u a lifie d b u y ers only, p leo se. 
T M Edwards 695-IS H , 681 1876. 

 j Robert Cope 495-897o. 695-8174 

S35Q PER ACRE 
79 78 acres tract. Leakey A rto - j H e a v ily w ooded. 
G ood h u n lin g -$ 2 5 o dow n- 
$1oo 17 
I monthly Emory Jones 734-4617 
P IP E C R EE K TX 
U nique IO acres on perm an en t s p rin g fed c re e k . B ig s p rin g p riv a te not in a developm ent 
Terms. Jim Taylor 824-4898. 
— RANCH LANOS— 
Load For All Purposes 
No 7 Flinlslonv. 78113 
344-99M 

COMAI CO 

INSIDE 16o4 
Jan es M a lts b e rg e r fro n ta g e north of Thousand Oaks 72 arras, leasoncibie terms 
Owners anxious 
J M Cullman Realtor 
SI} 344 t n t 

BOB JONIS, REALTOR 
NEAR BUI RNE, acreage tracts 
Owner financed 
684 4211 or 75! *941 
P IO N E E R R E A LT Y 

 heel-air 
JERRY 
BACON 
REALTOR S 
1-742 3283 
4123195 
6223333 

Monon Southwest Realty 
~ CANYON L A K E —BY OWNER 
5 acres on paved rood overlook mg lake, naor boot launch Lots of tre e s , w a te r -a ie c tr ic ity . w ilt divide, tm once 494 2727, 494 193) 
CANYON LAKE 
MOBILE LOT 
19.ooo sq ti fantast c view Pool, bool ram p neor bv 
514o9, siOo down. 78 mo at $21 43 APR I*,. 
MEL MILLE« 
326 2334 
C A N Y O N ' s p r in g R E S O R T . I lots, bock lo back. 4o opal ox lOOSq Et Access ta recreational area Priced at $4ooo to 53/5o will sell both tor $2ooo or 51ooo eo 
341 3477 
! 
E V E R Y T H IN G YOU VE E V E R 
M ANTEO , is in this perfect MA 
TE RFR O N T home on Lake LBJ 
Extro large rooms with calor co­ ordinated drapes, carpeting ond w ails 
E a ch room has slid in g gloss door onto a garden room p a tio 
C e n tra l h e a t a ir , bas hu m id ifier 
Double boat house and extra boat slip tor guests 
Priced right Call Betty Brown 
512 598 5257. 
Fax Gibbs 
Real 
Estate__________ 
I 
E x c e lle n t c o n d itio n , c h a n n e l view, ta rn is h e d hom e in P e rt 
Aransas Asbestos siding I story, 
3 bedrooms. 1 baths, le a r ginner 
2 bike to the b ea ch 
$45,ooo 
731 4o» . 824 6674 
_________ 

 f o r t c l a r k s p r i n g s 
M ember $htp Bur gum eve 2468 
FOR I C l ARK S P R IN G S M em b n imp 51ooo4 lake over pm ti 
$4/ $3 mo Bal 52499 455 4718 __ 
FI Clark Lprt>ig$ m e n .b n ship 
>71 3641, 653 k i ll________________ 
HOME M IT H 2/4 ti waler front 
Fou nts Sub No 2 In protected cave Hos own good well, 3 out buildings tar storage Hos own boat launch Complete with sea 

Absolutely beautiful, secluded 56o ocre Hilt Country ranch Creeks, targe oaks, and elms, wild game 
Only 5395 per ocre, with terms 
Ronch M arket (STI) 814 o156___ 

68 AC Castroville Area 
Furnished I V t-2. guest house borh. stall, pens, owner carry 
828 o665 
7141 71766 
534 4439 
MATSON A SON REALTORS 

172 KC 6 Mi. Sol 41o l l ac coastal, barn. 6o ac brush 
828 o665 
714 
1766 
475 o629 
MATSON A SON REALTORS 
8 acre farm 55oo down payment. 
578 per mo Irrigated farm land rn 
Texos Hilts Neor highway, well tarnished Call for appointment to see 7 H 9591_____________________ 

 lo o ACRE FARM 
2o miles south of San Antonio rn red sandy loam country 2 miles att US I I I Needs hard work to be oeouMu* $61.ooo Ted Smith (512) 
654 o755 or 341 9191 
Naylor Realty Inc 

7o ACRE F A R M N F A R N E M 
BRAU NFELS, Owner financed 
; 177 Acre farm near Devine. 56oo aer acre, 2o** down 
484 4111 ar 751 o943 
P IO N E E R R E A LT Y 
42 ocfo live oak hills Joins huge ranch, deer turkey 539$ per acre 
Liberal terms 1-896-144o 
4o Acres. 51 JOO on ocre, N ear 
Devine, 674 678o 
Tao A CRES, a p p ro x im a te ly IS miles East of Son Antonio For in fo rm a tio n ro t1 
SIJ 941*1258 ofter 
6 weekdays, anytime week ends 
________________ 

78o AC RES Sm all fro ntage on 
Guadalupe River, large springs. solid rock creek with numerous tails, extrem ely rough ond scenic 
SOSO p e r o c re , te rm s 
(7 1 3 ) 
514 o4o), «6I 8471________________ j 
5,441 Deeded acres, l l minutes , 
(rom downtown S A , on divided { 
US Hwy 
HOO irrigated ocres in j cultivation or in coastal bermuda I 
P rop erty highly im proved with good potential for development 1 m in e ra ls to be co n v e y e d 
C haporrosa A o n Service. 2ooo; 
NBC 
Bldg 
Son 
Antonio, 
Tx 
S II 127 5 )o t______________ __ 
D E V IN E AREA. Beautiful brick on 7 s acres, I bedroom, 2 b a th ,; double carport, 18x27 living area: w ith Ben F r a n k lin fire p la c e . 
L a rg e w o rk s h o p , good w e ll,I poved rood Priced reduced 
HUGHES A BRISCOE 
924 4331 REALTORS 
1 443 3397 

EAST BEXAR COUNTY 
I bedrooms. 2 baths, new Timely home on beautiful 2 ocre tract 
Creek frontage, road frontage, woter line, ond septic system land locators nl Teias 
S A 667 1 154, 667 1333 
E D M AROS RANCH R E A LTY 
Buy your lond from the actives 
PIPE C R E E K. TX 49S >46o 
Form and Ranch Listings Monied 
5o Acres or (argel within 65 miles of Son Antonio Mr de full details ond prices 
E D G O Z A . R E A L T O R 
618 McCullough Ave . San Anton 
•O, 
Tex , 
227 61o5. 
627 51oo 
o24 54)o________________ 
I 
Good hunting IOO acres. 3179 so per ocre, S*» down payment /*«% simple interest Owner financed 
Cull 714 7944______________________; 
H ILL 
COUNTRY 
~ 
NEAR 
K E R R V IL L E 
4 bedroom. 2 bath, lodge, tennis c o u rt 
On 25 a c re s o r m o re 
31oo ooo I 864 3471 

WMCO REALTY 
684 86oo Rowdies' 492-1796 
16 rugged ocres near Bandera 
Mountain and valley, spectacular view. excellent tank sight, deer and turkey. SHOO ocre, 73o-13o1. 
Rugged beauty, taurei trees ond bluebonnets cover this 179 ocre tract in Medina County I t miles west of L ooa 41o $1ooo per ocre 
Good oreo lo sub d 1 vide 924-6Ilk , 
137 4977 
HY A TT REAL ESTATE l l 1'. SECTIONS SHO Texas Pan h o n d le . Oon G 
C o c k re ll Co. 
Memphis, Tx 8o6 139 293)________ 

SEGUIN, TEXAS 
147 l l A cres, o ld er h o m e and barn, excel lent torm land or tar d e v e lo p m e n t p u rp o s e s 
O n ly about '• mile out 53,4oo an acre. 
BERNICE CHAMBLISS 
R E A LT Y 
SE Q U IN 
37o-17o1 

STOCKDALE 
ITO Acres, 3 ', milos North pH 123 
4 bedroom, 2' , both. P retty la ir old house, barn. bens. good a c ­ cess For Sale and Finance bv owner M ight do some tra d in g . 
495 69o5. 493 12o3_______________ 
TEXAS V E T 
Lytle area IH S Acre 
Tract Melt pump-irrigation 
277 o177 M utton A Son 638 )341 

TEXAS VETS 

2o9 ACRES 

 lt ) f i p?$ ^ 
Deanie Owens Co 

VALLEY HI 

o*C A M A N I AO 
IH I N U ***!* IO C A ll 
IS 72$ 1666 
I A 9X155 ANO Is I M S 

FOH SALE OR R E N T By owner. near Lackland Kelly. 3 l l, elec 
In c lo n g e , d i$ h w a $ h e r, cent neat air $45o equity Assume 3223 payments 
Ne 
Agents 
Please 
111 4331 
I 
H A N D Y M A N S P E C IA L 
M ake cash otter I 4 room houses Need rip oirs 923-4327, 624 1777 
Ronotd Williamson 
Highland Hills Lovely I bedroom, detach ed g a ra g e , e x tra la rg e fenced lot, easy term s, assume 
I t l l per mo or refinance 
Mill 

BOB OePAOLO 
532 3131________ 
REALTOR 

M A O TOU* M ANI AU in in t I x es 1 ss n im s 
CAU 225 1oo6 

R E A L T O R S S A n i O I._____ 
E X C E P T IO N A L 3 bed ro o m , J bum home, giant sue m aster be droom Appliances c a rp e tin g ana fenced yuid 
VA appraised 
329 SOO 
Tower View Inc. 732 bl57 
FIRST TIM E LISTE D l i t, air appliances and carpel 
$32o month 
675 1491, 
474 1777, 
423 572o 
PO IN TER REAL ESTATE 
FO U R B E D R O O M S . 3 b a th s , 
I cor garoge U M dawn Na city taxes June Isl payment 
496 742QSLATER R jA L T Y464 416 
IHI NUMkte IO (A U 
IS 775 *666 
I AFklSS ANO N IM S 

Only ane tell $3o total move in 3 bedroom s, fenced USS month 
First Payment Moy 
674 4126________RAE Real Esto!# 
Mote ta Lackland 
Recently remodeled. J 7 Attached parage air, carpet, washei dryer count chant, convenient Ie school end shopping center, equity Ona ussum e I S note, 674 I7$4. att 
4pm oil Poy wknqy NO AG EN TS 
M ALK TO S E C U R IT Y G ATE 
I bedrooms, stave $J(H) dawn 
496-742oSL ATE R R E A L I Y 349 927 
M H Y R t N T * M M f N YO U CAN 
BUY a beautiful 3 ar 4 bedroom heme with attained aor out seine with appliances 
Na dawn to anyone 
HUG HES A BRISCOE 
924 41)1 r e a l t o r s n j n i t 
M A H TOUt MA 
M ANI AO 
IN 'Mi I XOklSS NIMS 
CAU 22$ 1oo6 

ALMOST AN ACRE 
Hill Country Mobile Home site, 1$ min North on Sen Pedro Only 
$21o8. $18o dow n, t i t 44 p ar month . at I % tar 144 months 
T his one w ont la s t Iona 
C e ll today! 4*4 1419 • LAK E t ROE T 
REAL IS T A T I 

ALMOST NEW 
I bedroom, 7 bath all brick, only 
IS months ald All electric kitchen. gal age UUU I opener Lh$h«. u s h e r central heal air. oyer I*» acre al tra es 
Lo cated in P leasa n to n 
Geol ae Lev 531 /le i. $34 $$$> 
BOB JONES REALTORS 

KEY GROUP 

Approximately 3 acres Beautiful location tor devetopement Fine homes in muiw - ,cL_. t . 
. r i a 
MAC REAL ESTATE 838 1S3J 

 l i l t NUMSIk IU (A U 

I v e k lSS ANO N IM 

P IO N E E R R E A LT Y 

NEAR CALAVERAS LAKE 
, 
■ 
5 acres beautiful oohs. good sari 1 r f , . . trams on county road owner tin 
' j i a u e x d i* nnced 
Bill 
Harper 
494 /412, 
344 1 
5 
1 
4 
________________ I n ic e " Q U l t t V IE W "of LO k l 
Calaveras bom his S', o n e s on 
F M I5 I8 huge looms higniighllhe 
7*o8 sa It J bedroom 2 both older home, large coveted pulio with 
BBu separate double gut age ana storage sheds Hut i y unci see this al SSO oo8 
HUGHES «, BR ISC OF 
9244131 REALTORS 
I St) i i i ’ 

NORTH 3 4 ACRE l l minute* Oaks, des Paved road 
$1588. le i ms bv 
Smith, 
6*8 28*3 

Out Sun Pedre sari, new tai n 
Ce ap electric 
Owner 
Bub 
474-4777 

OAK MOSS NoR1H 
3 to 19 acre H o m esite* 
$ m in tram Blanca and 1*94. owner tin anted custom building available 
49 / 36)8 Of I 43* 7141 __________ 
On Running C reek' A, ie home s ite . lots of d e a r. b i t tre e s , unvah Only $188 pe» mc nth Out 
Bonder a Hwy Coll I S47_$8U 
"CAW i i i I 666 

LAKE LBJ 
SUNRISE BEACH 
Motorboat name I bedroom I* * bath, com pletely furnished By 
Owner $3* 5o9 142 *563. 347 *676 

LAKE LBJ. w aterfront lot in ex elusive area, 
$7,899. owner- i i i t y . 
I 
T LAROE LOTS, high location b e e t galore. ecce$$ Ie Canyon 
Lake Only 53,75o 
V ery lib e ra l terms 
Cull 341 4e66 New 
Niles 
344 7o34 
Don Bouclie!le 
$ CO INC R E AL TORS M I S 
M E D IN A 
LAKE 
PEBBcfe 
BEACH 
Motel b ant name ana guest house an 3 lots 
6*4 4311 ar 751 9*43 
PIO NEE H RS A l TV______ 
M E D IN A LAKE 
Mont la sell lease or rent vooc property* Call us 
6*S I * l l Matson A Sen I 7$i IIM 
ON ik W AN ! AD 
IHI NU**I*I * IO ( A il 

Beoutitul riv er fro m 
P i iced to salt ERNEST SOARD 
VARNER REALTY 
4SA-6368 A N Y T IM E 
___ 
3 ACRES, between San Antonio and Bianco, $5.9*3. sm all down 
Long term financing by owner 
3 3 8 -ill6 
! 
48 Acres By O w n er, b a rn , all c le a re d and te r ra c e d 
Good fences, dove, quail, same d e e r.' good water well, set up tor mobile homes, between Goliad and Ken edy $39$ per acre I S II 3178 
31 Acres cultivated land with 3 b e d ro o m fa rm h ou se, b a rn s . pens. a n tlio n well, pecan trees 
Southside oft 
Quintana 
Rd 
433 9831 
5 ACRES 
Farm land, excellent soil Uvalde area Owner finance 
Cow 9 ta 5, ie* i o n ________ ___ 
74 5 Acres. Highway boatage 
18 miles So at IH 4Io $54 OOO Own#! 
Carry Mr 
Butt. 641 3484 after 4 jo rn 
_____ _____ 
58 ACRES Hunters delight near 
Garner State Park 
St 889 e q u ity and take aver payments at St i i w ill fin a n c e e q u ity o r la k e som ething in tra d e tor equ al value I / l l SMI ar 1 724 658/ 
23 acres hunting country 
554$ down payment 384 97 per ma Big d ee r turkey, Javelm o On fence line et targe ranch Financed bv owner 734 9363 
28 ACRES, Hwy Frontage, house pens, well, coastal, near Nixon 
$24 899 M C Ritchie, I Ski use 

HILL 
COUNTRY 
RANCH 
H ear Junction 87o A cres 
7 wilts with concrete stack tanks 
Good barns, corrals, lances, Lot* of game Mile of paved rood Iron tope Like new brick I BR, 2 bath fireplace 
312$ 
PER 
ACRE 
TERMS 
Philip D M a id A Assoc 
______HOU', I a n (711)626 3871 _____ 
Hill Country (tideway 
28 Acres low mo p a y m e n ts , no c re d it check Call I aday 822 8861 

HILL COUNTRY BEAUTIES 
68 acres, hill* spring ted tank 
78 acres Oak covered hilts 
88 acres targe oaks 
7o acres cabin, hills, and oaks 
285 ocres of park like hills, cabin, fenced and cross fenced, well spring fed tank, 38 m in N o rth 
Owner will sell all or p a rt or trade 
JER R Y MAGNO N A ASSOC 
828 33o1 
____344 7717 Niles 
I H IL L CO UNTRY ACRES $l7$ dow n paym ent, 534 i f per mo 
Beautiful views goad bees ( ‘ iS sim ple in terest Coll 734 7944 
H U L CO UNTRY S H O M P LA C t 
<o6 Acres neat Buchanan Luke 

 hor excellent rn yr aid star bath den snap rec new fences 

 aments Lr ne 3 bedroom 
2 B arns grain er 
I, m ile north Sa: 
Bop t 

128 ACRES 
I ive Oak Ce a h brush , hunting FM road frontage minerals $19$ per acre 

 good same 

VESTUTO 

S U S I 666 
USS ANG N IM ! 

8$4 tats 
14} AC RCS. IS int "Vol S A Btl I II , ; 
Goad hunting a ta r quod dove 
Days iou 5*9 46*3, Nights atter 6 sat n u 
_________________ 
ISO acron near Smiley G enic lee 
Cornily $4o9 p i or re Ola well ai' in pasture 
F ra n ts on Hw y 87. terms averioble 
924*116, nile* 
I $*/ 3124 
HYATT RE AL ESTATE 
II beautiful Mill Country Aures 
5381 dawn paym enl ss* 68 pet mo cals al gam e S p a d e r utor views 
Cull tar apoouibnenl 
736 7 * 6 4 ______________ 
— t w i h t m u m " " --------- 
MAC! VOUK M AN I Ab 
IN IH I IIX II5 5 NIM S 

 pecan trees 5 sui mg ted ponds stocked, deer quoit dave, turke y 
185 acre s im p ro v e d grasses. '« m ile h ig h w a y fr o n ta g e 
$ i*5 oo9 88 ow ner fin a n c in g et can la k e cash 
E a rl E a s tm a n 
Broker I 454 6884. I 4*4 3>88 

Hilt country K e rrv ille are a ISO ocres Partly pome pc aul fenced 
M ould m ake e x c e lle n t e xo tic game ranch M ill slock and man age tar you Excellent while tail deer hunting $175,888 M ilt fin once I 8 A 6 'ffil 
H ILL CO UN TR Y CA NYON CK 
13 acres an Hwy 3473 near S A ond New B rauntels overlooking luxe 
Lots et g a m e ne cross ten ets betw een larg e ranches spring ted tank. good lite s and grass M ate r ele c tric ity averia b i* 
M ill fin a n c e a r d iv id e 
494 2727 494 1931 

It you lik e b ird h u n tin g ond horses, call us* Me have several tracts in East Bexar County All h ave w a ta r. e le c tr ic ity , ro a d fro n tag e, east c e n tra l schools, and no city taxes 

 laid locators of Iotas 
S A 467-M34, 667 1333 
U PPER SABINAL CA NYO N 
ISS ocres-creefc dense woods 
J K LE IG H TO N , REALTO R S yonder goal. 7888$ 
5)3 96834— 
Man) to lea sa 2o8 2oo8 acres Pos tare land tar cattle Address tall into to G T Mc Ale as. 578 S. Van diver. Sun Antonia f l ips 
__ 
W ARRIOR SPRING S 
Unspoiled 115 acre hill country lunch neor Pipe Creek T *. Plenty al running spring Molar Site at old (muon campground Very un 
>qu« Mill sell 5o ocres Jim Taylor 
114 4898 
ME CAN SELL YOUR 
RANCH FA R M OR HO M E 
IN IH E H IL L CO UNTRY 
HOUSTON RANCH R E A L T Y 
Boerne, Tx 71oo6 
249 H U or 388-3314 
_________ 
M e h a v e th ro e S o uth T a x e s 
Ranches, the largest at which is 
4oo9 acres priced tram S II/ 58 ta 
$3*5 OO 
P le n ty g o m e en a il ranches Shown bv appointm ent only Gill and Hugo, Box 186- Dil­ ley. Tex. 78o17 Phone 178-S545 or 

Mhol type Ronch do you worn? 
RANCH M A R K E T 236 SI84 
RI 3 Box i l l , Son Automa. 7I7 H 

WILSON COUNTY 
Approximately 2o ocres af fertile. sandy loam ald house, 3 hand dug wells creak, paved road boatage 
J M. Cullman Realtor 
344 2341 
BOB JONIS. BEAH B I 

WORKING RANCH xiv } 
M ill sen ait ar p a rt IS I a c to s rn. I sandy loom and blacklan d leo acers ir r ig a te d 
A P P R O X 
SOO acies rn Coastal B e rm u d a Aa pion 288 acres peanut olio tm» rn s houses 6588 soft modern dairy barn 16 inch irrigation wail 6688 it river frontage Tanks with lith 
M a n y e th e r im p ro v e m e n ts in eluding 4,8o8 sari ranch house 35 m ilos tra m SA, m ile tra m Iowa 
I et ms, ow ner carry. 
34* 6583, 
494 284o 

 shell 

Martha Morley Raatttrs 

234 HUMS IPR RUH 

IOO AC For M o an Rant 
Close in 88 Ac in cultivation 
87> o6«5 
Watson A San 822 oo44 

236 

SAL! 

COMMIRCIAL PROPERTY 

HUNTERS PARADISE 

. ACC 
I ct, 

135 acre ranch 2 mobile homes 
Highway Frontage Priced ie sell 
3345 aet a c le 
O ther lis tin g s a v a ilab le tra m sm all la la rg e 
E J 
Hoop, Schuwe Real Estate 
2814 
E 
M u m 
U v a ld e , 
T x, 
$11 278 4*78 nile* 274 H U 

K e rrv ille 212 acre exotic pom e 
Munch axis Oeei tallow deal bkg deer blackbuck antelope, mon ban sheep Deer pi aal fence SS54 acre, goad term s 
Owner S II 367 586* 

+■ A c i e s on S 
WYY W h i l* 
M d ideal tai sm all not com plex ai 
Nut sing ham * CaU new ' I 
CANHA CO., RIAUORS 
GM o46o 

) 14 arras toned business I i * b lr anlage, odiocent railroad, nae ac bv* chaa cantar, industrial 
MAC REAL ESTATE 838 25H 
APPROX 2 ACRES 
3 m i aal c 
City limits an IN it Sa 5688 dowi aa re s tr ic tio n s , e a s y te r m ! 
*3 6 6o68, *33-1*13 

17222684 

F o u rth P o g e 

234 -F U K S F U IIN T 
Express-News— 
M o n d a y , M a r c h 14, I 977 
234 FUHS FU KUT 

FOR LEASE 
IN COUNTRY 

New 3 bedroom home, 5 miles from New 
Braunfels towards Son Antonio. On 5 acres with barn, paddock, sheds, ideal for horses. 
City water included. $25o month. 

6 5 5 - 1 5 1 1 
W e e k e n d s 
1 - 6 2 5 - 3 2 2 4 

R E N T A L S 

4oT "APARTMfNTS FURN 

SALE 
COMMERCIAL PROPERTY m COMMERCIAL PROPERTY 
LEASE 

Need apartments/ 
We ye got them — large or small — North or south 5 lo IO, or 22 units, whatever 
Commercial building with 3 units, two units now rented Third unit equipped Tor grocery and or tost 
Food outlet 
(ommertiol building with ottoch 
•d- living queriers Great loc ct ion on corner 
Grocery ond curie shop 
Other small shopping centers and business locations available 
D a y s , 3 4 9 - 4 3 4 3 ll2 8 or 494 1352 

DEARIE 

OWERS CO. 
RI Ai TON— MIS 
Rome Rd. Ok. 

A 
A 
A 
A 
A 
* * * * * * * * * 

N O W 
L E A S I N G 

N O R T H S ID E O FFICES , 
W A R E H O U S E , 
A N D IN D U S T R IA L S P A C E . 
P R IM E L O C A T IO N S 
C A L L STEVE M ILLE R 

6 9 o - o 3 o o 

FURNISHED 

APARTMENTS 

FR O M 

* 4 
6 
. Weekly 

* 1 5 2 • M o n th ly 
S tu d io , 1 - 2 b e d r o o m s 

N O LEASE 

TERRIS COURT 

AD U IT LIV IN G — RO PfJS 

WARREN HOUSE 

3 2 2 2 N .W . L o o p 4 1 o 
“pf tnt Ar met tart of Daw hurt * and O tttit rood 41o“ 

3 4 2 -4 o 2 9 

4o1 - APARTMENTS FURR 

494 APARTMENTS UNFURN 

TENDER LOVING CARE 
C overed w a lk w ay fro m e a r to i apt., la undry and m ailbox orea so you w o n 't aet dre n ch e d , la rg e r | room s so you w o n 't b a rk y o u r shins Mi-9113 826 1S94 and see. 
| 
THE KINGSTON APTS 
> iiO j Vance Jackson F or TUC 
T o w n h o u s e , lu x u rio u s , la rg e .! dishw asher, pool, I i bedroom s, utilitie s paid. 
5131 
Blanco. I 
3414113 
TV M O N ITO R E D SE C U RITY 
G ARD EN PATIOS 
CLUB ROOMS 
G YM ANO SAUNA5 
13 3 BEDROOMS, l l BATHS 
$185 to 5175. B ILLS PA ID 
PARK TOWNE APTS 
434 4191 
2o11 B A N D E R A ROAD 
Between H illcre st and Colloghon , 
W A N T E D 
R e s p o n s ib le S ingle fe m a le Room m ate 
N o rth std e 
For in tervie w Call 661-8111.______ I 
1o3o W . F re n c h . W a ll- to - w a ll, carpet, air, couple, 595 733 158o 
WHY SETTLE FOR LESS or over pay 
W ILS H IR E APTS 
Block of Ft Sam N orth Gate 
826-9159, 826 1594 

I U 4PMTMENFSIINFUN 4o8 HOMES. DUPLEXES. 
UNFURNISHED 

C P M C O R P O R A T I O N , 

The 
Courtyard/ 

2 & 3 Bedrm 
Apts. 
All Electric 
Kitchens. 
Outside Storage. N S. Schools. 
4411 Gardendale 
696-4892 

G R E A T A M L P IC A 

C O M P A N Y S 

OHtee Space 7x1o bill paid 826 59o3 
51oo, e le c tric 

* 5.6 BEAUTIFUL ACRES ON 
J 
SAN ANTONIO RIVER 
Z IWO Blk Probendl Street 61o It 
^ fronting over There is no other 
J trod this site or this cheap doser 
T to downtown 
Zoned J com 
^ merciol. Puce 35< per sq 
It 
* Terms 
Ideal for club, party 
J * house, doctor s clinic, religious 
PT organization, restaurant, etc 

* 
CARLOS SANCHEZ w 
E x d v i lv t A g e n t 

* 
3 2 2 - 1 o 9 2 
■Ar A i t Ar At ★ At Ar A Ar dr k 
* i 

BASSE ROAD 
F o r vale 3.38o sa It build in g , 
Oir c o n d itio n e d . 19,ooo sa ti. OI la n d 
Id e a l re ta il o r w h o le sa le location One step oft Son Pedro 
F o r d e ta ils, c o n ta c t L M G ale 
341 *191. N iles 826 8o51 
Naylor Realty Inc 

BUILDERS INVESTORS 
6' i laroe. beautiful hom esite lots areas o* fine homes. 3 tro n ts on 
Guadalupe R iver, 2 near C ountry 
Club and 2 golf courses and riv e r p riv ile g e s trees- a ll $25,ooo In ­ vestor term s, or singles 
CARLOS BRAW NER R E A L T Y 
379 5947 
SEGU IN . T E X 
5o1 E 
K ingsbu ry P O Box 1121 
C h o ice C o m m e rc ia l P r o p e rty , corner of Son Pedro ond Fresno 
736 12o4._________________________ 
DOWNTOWN IH35 
Corner of access, good exposure, easy accessibility, shop or office 
MAC R E A L ES TA TE 828 2521 

•R IV E R SQUARE* 
ARTS 4 CRAFTS M A R K E T is looking tor m ore exciting shops. 
Such as sta in glass, a n tiq u e s, candy store, potte ry studio, wine ond cheese, ond o th e r typ e s of unusual shops It you ore In te r­ ested in leasing space, coll 
227 9596 ___________________ _ 
Small office E xcellent N orthside lo ca tio n . Id e o l to r a c c o u n ta n t, a tto rn e y etc h e a l ond a ir fu r ­ nished 51oo per mo tna u tre 42o 
Jackson K e lle r Rd ot Son Pe dro) 
BOB JONES, REALTO R S, 
344 2341_________________ _ 

SPACE FOR LEASE 
HELO TES SHOPPING CE N TE R 
ON B A N D E R A RD 
674 2181 or 695 3447 

26oo SO FT . air heat nice display area. 2317 V ance Ja ckso n Rd 
565o month 735 o961, 696 7777 
5,ooo Sa Ft. c o m b in a tio n o ffice - w a reh ouse space a l 4o21 N aco 
P errin, 18c Sa FI Rent all or port. 
653 3773 

SOUTHtlipMVTUA 
A WAITT MC WTS ^ 
* 

• Ml Bed Drink dub 
Forilifies 
• Gym and lie r t i err ut dosses 
• Bragly Shop 
• Souno Whirlpool 
• learns Court! 3 pooh 
• troll Frpf rTtngorolors 
• IO Mmu'rs lo 
Downtown 

4o32 I. Southcross 

3 3 7 - 5 2 4 2 

7 2 o o S . P r e s a 

D w e rt S ands 6815 B ro a d w a y furn. air, I B d rm 595 826 7913. 
E v id e n c e s , a ir, bus, shops 53o wk. 5125 mo. up B ills od Section 
8 534 34o1, 434 9645_____________ 
E fficiencies and I bedroom near 
W oodlawn Lake, ca rpet, o ir, no children or pets, 595 mo to 5145 mo bills paid 735 8778__________ 

•343 E KING S HW Y • 
N ear T rin ity 
A ir, aute! 4 lovely rooms, 1 bedroom , am ple storage qarge Couple, no pets 5135 w aler pd 224 6646 am 734 2734 pm 
E n io v th e g e n tle p a ce o! th e 
8 OOO Sa Ft re ta il space, 9oo Blk 
B o a rd w a lk 
S pend y o u r a fte r 
- 
' nAAHt cknHtnn w ith frianfLc H nrini 
I W W W hile Rd. HEB Shopping 

ESTABLISHED RESTAURANT 
O wner operated to r over 8 ye a rs 
Incigdes business, re a lty ond non realty item s Inspect ond buy tor 
557 OOO 
Jim W agner 344 2341. 828 246o 
BOB JONES. R E ALTO R S 
KEY GROUP 
G O O D O P P O R T U N IT Y . H a rd w o re and lum ber in M edina Lake area. O wner w ill tinonce 
684-4211 or 751 9941 
P IO N E E R R E A L T Y 
I 
HOME O FFIC E 
B e a u tifu l b r ic k h o m e in g re a t location, p e rfe c t fo r hom e-otfice operation 3-3-2 office, a ll paneled 
MAC R E A L ES TATE 828 ISH 
HWY7B CORNER 
16*5o bldg. good shop location 
828 o665 
736 1766 
534 4436 
WATSON A SON RE ALTO R -, 

HWY 87 EAST 
(R IG S B Y ). N ear LOOP 41o. J lots and buildings. 55oo down, 5125 m onth 
674 222oGB G ON ZALES 128 5oo4 

I Ctr , all a ir cond w ill rent all or port. IOC o Sq.F t 653-3773 
J 
TOP RETAIL SPACE in lop a re a l. San Pedro 35c per sq ti G ardendale 45c per sa ft. Coll I now M ounne A lexander MI-91o1, i nites 824 7579 
Naylor Realty Inc 

WAREHOUSE SPACE 
8.ooo so ft. new m asonry building tor sale, near expressw ay, easy j term s tor strong buyer 
9.ooo sa ft , M asonry building for I lease, month to m onth o r long term 
4,5o4 sa ft building w ith 75o sa ft > of nice offices L arge fenced lot, near expressway 
PEACOCK R E ALTO R S, 814 o5)1 
3o2 ZAR Z A M O R A, id e a l o ffic e space or sm all business. Long or short term lease 

242 INDUSTRIAL PROPERTY 
EQR SALL 

IN D U S TR IA L LOTS ’ » A cre and up. Zoned 1-1, lo lly d eve loped 

248 OFFICE SPACE fOR LEASE 

 noons chatting w ith friends durin g a aome of bridg e Close to Won d e rlo n d o r C e n tra l P o rk M o ll. 
Catch a bus to anyw here. Join our com m unity w here oil ages share the good lite 
3536 West Avenue 349-42o3 
B a rry G iHingw qter Co 

FONTANA APTS 
NO LEASE R E Q U IR E D 
You con pay your m onthly rent in 1 
I, 2 or 3 paym ents. E n |oy color 
T V . ra d io , pool, m o ld lin e n s e r­ vice All bills pd W E E K L Y rates |, available 
M14 F re d e ricksb u rg Rd 736 4444 
F R E E SERVICE 
APARTMENT FINDERS 
824 6351 
___ 
FREE SOUTHSIDE 
LOCATOR SERVICE 
E ffluence s, 1-2 ond 3 bedroom s, turn or unturn 533-13oo _ 
F u lto n , ne a r San P edro, a ir, 4 rooms 59o 216-7813, 731 758o 

1, 2. and 3 bodroom 
A p ts , f u r n is h e d o r U n 

 fu rn is h e d . 

11721 Parlioment 
349-3149 

Quiet Home 
Style Living 

Efftc. to 3 bdrm 
Townhouses with fireplaces 
12 floor plans 
Adult & Family Areas. 

6623 Callaghan Rd. 
696-329o 

 a p a r t m 

EFFICIENCIES 
1 2 3 B e d ro o m Flats 
B e d ro o m T o w n h o u se s 

3815 Porkdole 
696-3499 

 to 3 

T H E G R E E K H O I S E 

1 Bedrm. Townhouses $185. 

 a 
U p tm o r e 

 a n d A s s o c ia te s 

5 3 2 - 7 3 8 9 

 r i f t ; 

4o8 HOMES, DUPLEXES, 
UNFURNISHED 

CHOICE RENTALS 

322 DARTMOOR • 4 2 2. $3oo mo. 
Centro! oir-heot, stove, dishwasher, garbage disposal, wcter softener. 2-story, tented yard 

126 DARTMOOR • 4 2 2, $3oo mo 
Central air heat, range, refrig, garbage disposal, fenced. 
2 story, glossed in potto, full ccrpet 

1222 CHURWG - 3-2'/» PP, $25o mo. 
Central oir-heat. stove, dishwasher, garbage disposal, carpet, (jurator bars, privacy fen ce. 2-story lownhome. 

78o2 REMUDA ■ 3 I CP, $17o mo. Central oil heat, stove, fen ced yard Corner lot. 

673 5o83 
342 4115 
653 o57o 
WORLD WIDE REALTY; 

T I M E ’ S A ’ W 
A S T I N ’ ! 

P o r k 

V i l l a g e : 
V p a rlitii-n tH V w 

 i n t e n t ^ 
I v a v t m S H e f t o r 

W e ’ll fin d yours, free. 

I I DAYS A W W 
O m C U THROUGHOUT TEXAS 

3121 N.W. LOOP 41o 
3 4 9 - 1 7 3 7 

DIB FC I CO BH SPON Om Cf TO 
4113 N COTTI A l EXPWY. 
O AULAS, IEX 75 IG* 

598 so Furnished I Bedroom Apt 
Air, 2 B lk ! K elly Coll Any DOV Or 
N ight 7 p.m. ■ IO p m. 921-o434 

OFFICES 

 c m d / o r 
WAREHOUSES 

Host Convenient N H locution 
Distribution Center 
Ideal for 
• Manufacturing 
••preventative* 

C all 7 3 5 - 1 6 o 9 or 8 2 8 -5 5 5 1 

SI33 Furnished I Bedroom Apts, 
A ir, Call Any Dav or Eves 7.39 
A M S P.M. 333 USI 

INVESTORS 
E xce lle n t tax shelte r Good mo s o n ry b u ild in g on San P e d ro 
Nice, sm all offices P riced below appraisal. M i l7o8. M4 1949 
KIBBE REALTY 
L rg Duplex. IH15. B rdw v Ft Sam. : clean, tile, rew ired , ideal to r bu s m e lle r living, S16.9So 113 3544 
M OD ERN O FFICE 
73oo sa It a l 529 5o per sa It 7o parkin g spaces E x tra nice. reody to move in 
JOE E T H E R ID G E R E ALTO R 
656 7117___________ Niles 656 7118 
N EAR SAC 
J units, colonial W hile colum ns 
Summer porches Easy rent 
MAC R E A L ESTATE 111 ISH 
N W A P A R T M E N T . 
C om m ercial and office Hies, J to l l acres priced rig h t 
M I 4455 
REALTO R S 
126 4714 
B A R N E B E Y AGENCY 

Olmos Club Property 
For Sate dra stica lly reduced due to illn e s s , to u r a c re s p lu s, o ff j*Ouin block San Pedro Ave exits between Basse Rd and Contour o v e rlo o k in g O lm os P a rk , nea r g u lf course and new Fwy 
Ideo) tor Restaurant, night club apts 
Motet Etc Best O tter W ill Buy I , 
Col. 122 9114 
I 
OWNER SAYS SELL 
’ «bik p rim e com m ercial proper tv near Brooks held. 2 large m oi tip i* purpose buildings now rn use os a u to p a rts s to re a n d a u to repair shop Good p n c t. excellent 
M r ms 
M» 1479 
Hector J Her beck inc 
Realtors 
R E S ID E N T IA L T Y P E B U IL D 
ING near Son Pedro ond B itters 
Approx I OM not sa ll Zoned B l 
E sp ecially adoptable tor design o r c o n s tru c tio n o ttic a s 
T e rm s open 
K e n P a y n e PR EST IG E 
HOMES 494 1591________________ 
666o sa It building 51 I t 666 
KorZefcWa Bodily 349 3151 

2 3 8 
COMMERCIAL PROPERTY 

LEASE 

• ALAM O HEIG HTS • 
1 or 2 room office ovotloble Rep conable R L S tew art. 126-1121 
5146 Broodw oy 
____________ 
O ffice space. N E , furn ished , im ­ mediate occupancy, utilitie s paid. 
G ate C lo rk 
126 1251 
H e n ry S 
M iller Co R ealtors_____________ 
1416 Son Pedro, 719 s t 521o or as 
2 nice suites $11)513o 734-4294 
5o6 SO 
F T ., C e n tra l h e a t a ir. j b u rg la r a la rm s, plenty p a rk in g , 
17o6 N Pan A m e rica n E xp ress way 616-6o91 
______________ 
ICOG sat! ot office space located in the In d u stria l section of 
San A n to n io on C o lis e u m Rd 
Ideal to r a com pany c a llin g on m anufacturers, w holesalers, food chains, ole. 
Paul 
R 
Kite ai 
216 7111________________________ 
Warehouse ond O ffice Space tor 
Lease 653 7721 
_______ _ 
IIM WEST AVE 
Office or re to il space, suitable tor any type of business 5175 mo 

25? S ill OR [XCHA8C1 
: 

HAVE CASM BU YERS o ld e r h o m e s .* a p is n e e d in g re p a irs John B Eceotl. B ro ke r nut Gunter H H 216-7o JI 114 lip, J 

254 REAL ESTATE WANTED 

W AN TED 
P riva te Investo r w ill toke over. Your house paym ent. 
6S4-6M2 
______________ 

Furnished or unfurnished M obile 
Home. 2 bedroom . $75 deb. 5115 j mo , 6 mo leqse 621-1657________ 
F U R N U N F U R N 
U tilitie s od. ! shag , 2 pools. 5185 UP P ointers . 
M ill 52oo Blanco 349 1722_______ , 
Goodwin Apts 62o7 Loading, cen fra t air, 3-2 bedroom s, 52oo. b ills i paid M I 4113___________________ ] 
J e ffe rs o n A re a E x c e p tio n a l 
I 
Bedroom , co m p le te ly re d e co ra l ed. re fu rn is h e d , h u g e c lo s e ts , g a ra g e 
C lo s e to s h o p p in g , c h u rc h e s , b u s 
R e fe re n c e s re q u ire d No c h ild re n , no pets 
5175-661oo dee w ater ad 
Appt t i l 7111_________________________ I 
8o9 Koyton (le o n I b d rm apt. b ills 
Pd I IM 144 64o6________________ 
LARG E I Bedroom B ills pd 614o. 
Bandera Caiioghon 431 184o 
2o7 L e x in g to n . I b e d ro o m , k it chenette. bth, p a rk in g , b ills pd 
688 Across tra m YM C A , Handy 
Andy. 216 664o__________________ 

TURTLE CREEK 

EFFICIENCIES- 
CABANAS 

S t a r t i n g a t $ 1 6 o . 

All electric kitchen 

Outside storage 

8631 FAIRHAVEN 

I i f 
6 9 6 - 4 5 1 o 

•LINDA APTS® 
233 HOW ARD 
I B lk 
M e tro p o lita n H o s p ita l, 
M edical P rofessio nal Bldg Bap lis t H o s p ita l a n d M a in B a n k 
Large I and 2 bedroom s Adults. no pets 

WAKEFIELDSTARoUS1 
APARTMENTS 

Ideally located on busline 
I, 7. ond 3 bedrooms $18o to 
$35o On lector across from Xorth Mer Moll 

•5o6 W AK inilO 

344-4 SSE 

I araru irs in thvsr spacious pardon apartments non t last loup boca use demand is hi pit for: 
Vt IMtSOR PARK M ALL, 
NOH I HE; VS I SCHOOLS 
KR UKW AY ACCESS 
PAID I T I I.IT I KS 
PRIVATE PATIOS 
POOLS & PARTY ROOM 
183o Has Hem Drive 
653-73oo 

CHOICE RENTALS 

5839 Castle Hun! 3 l l 

8247 Glen lurk 4 2 1 

583o Castle Brook 3 2 I 

17571 Sandpiper 3 7 7 

17718 Lo Chorea 3 7 7 lait 8 2 8 - 5 7 o 4 

$195 

$21$ 

$245 

$3oo 

$325 

8o9 BOOGIES, Rf AITOBS 
• 1o71 

MONTE VISTA 
3 bedroom, l ’ » bath. 2 story. Ad p lio n ce s and w in d o w u n its G a ­ rage w ith qua rters. 628 6671. 
S trau der Nelson R ealty C 

 b u s i n e s s 
O P P O R T U N IT IE S J s 

YOUR OPPORTUNITY 

M ove m now! No den, no lease, b d rm cottage, fenced, SSO 
United, 735-9121, tee (538 I) 
N ear Ft. Sam, 2 bedroom . I both, fenced 555. 628-2722.____________ 
N e a r F t Sam , 3-1-1, s e p a ra te dining. 341 6o26- M2-1847 
N EAR K E L L Y I bedroom , clean, p rivate, but. 549 435-9144 9-7 

MKY COOT! SHOP 
O n a over 5o5,ooo yr . In kg flied. comer, pm ** xwottng. 
56,ooo (Sn 
MOHUN WSTAURANT 
N ’Hde, in of* SO, nice fixture* 
Ores* $85,ooo yr. $455oo de. 
FINE MEXICAN RI5TAWAN1 
Owner l l yrs., Oro** $11o,ooo. 
N et* $37,ooo yr. Good pork log. 
$35,ooo. Team. khygkaphing a investigation 
Toe accounts. W ill teach new owner. 
N et. 
$3o,ooo yr. 
$15,ooo dn. 
EAST FOOD OPERATION 
Aho to go. Owner IO yr.. Alway * busy. N on $14,ooo yr, $13,ooo. 
______ 
. 
KUSH RESTAURANT NORTHEAST 
N ew lu x u ry b ric k , 4-2-2, n o rth mi« M drink lounge. prow- west. close to 41o, carpet, drapes, 
* 7 7 ^ «£o mo . w T " r® good p riva cy fence, trees, w asher ond 
* 5 
_____ d ry e r connections. Lease 535o aer mo. 4-2-1 also availab le in 3o days 
Call 681-3o72, 658-4388___________ 

Near LA F B -K A F B 3-2-CP. carpel in liv in g -m a s te r b e d ro o m , ap plionces, fenced. 673 345o_______ 
N e a r W o n d e rla n d . 2-1, 514o adults no pets 735-7683 341 2811 
NE Oft W aliem , 3-1-1, fenced, $195 mo 494-21o7 o tte r 4 3o w kdys. 
3-1-1. N E , w a te r s o fte n e r, cent olr-heot, 525o mo, 655-6497______ 

2-2 apartm ent, includes stove and re frig e ra to r, central heat and air 
Available M arch 15. 518o 684 433o, 
344 62o7 
D E A N IE OWENS RE ALTO R S 
ARE YOU T IR E D OF R E N TIN G ? 
Then buy o home. N othing down lo anyone 3 or 4 bedroom s 

NEW townhouse to r lease 2 be droom , 2-2' j bath. N ortheast Coll 
M ark 824-o171_______________ __ 
I N ice 4-2, C e n tra l heat 
P riv a te fence. Big lot Section 8 Qualifies 
226-1919 or 927 2o24 _____________ 
N ice 4-2, C e n tra l heat P riv o le fence Big lot Section 8 qualifies 
226-1919 or 927 2o24______________ , 
NO C R E D IT N E E D E D ! 
| 
W hy not ow n y o u r ow n hom e? , 
, Just 52oo dow n! F ro m 5159 per m onth 922-17o6. 673-4714, 676-75o9 
Pal Mc Vey Real Estate 
NS D u p le x . 2-1. 5155 a m o n th w ater, oppltonces. 684 6o43. 
4-2, N S I.S D ., n e a r M e d ic a l 
I Center. Range, re frig e ra to r, and d is h w a s h e r in c lu d e d . 53oo mo 
, 684-433o, M4-62o7 
1 
DE AN IE OWENS REALTO RS 

 lease, m at* 13o, $65,ooo dn 
CUAN OAIRY KREIER 
Excellent parking, lo o d . af eqpt moneymaker. $65oo term * 

DAIRY QUEEN u 'c u a real clean. 
Seats 
5o. 
Good paeking HmH $15,ooo yr. 
$75oo dn. 
BUSY LIQUOR STORE 
M i ana fixture*. 
Gross 
$135,ooo. 
N an 
$35,ooo yr. 
$6,ooo ♦ stock. 
SUSY NORTHSIDE RESTAURANT 
Mixed drinks. Seats 13o. Grass flS o T o o a 
N m . 
$4o,ooo yr. 
$3o ooo dn. 
URGE MKY WASHATERIA 
Close ta b rio . o ro M M a $ 3 5 .o o o 
A nots $1 5.ooo yr. $OfOO dn. 
N E GROOMING SALON A SUPPLIES 
Tea toot, te st clientele. Est. 13 
J Z tu n $1o,ooo yr. $5,ooo dn. 
SEVERAL MIXED DRINK CLUBS n e, real money makers, dean fixtures, goad parking, lease*. term*. 
EXCLUSIVE BEAUTY SALON 
NE, 5 operator*, gross $55,ooo. 
N en $16,ooo yr., good lease. 
$7,5oo dn 

(UL 
Co: 

7 3 5 -9 4 5 8 
2oo3 N. M AIN 
7 3 5 -8 6 1 1 

512 JJTOJ2JK 
512 INSTRUCTIONS 

HW 3-1' j- l, c e n tra l a ir, fo rm o l dining, appl, 524o 
United, 735-9121, tee (494-2) 
"P a lm H g ts . S m a lt 2 b e d ro o m home, 55o Deposit 434-365o. 
Polo Alto areo, 3 bedroom , I bath co* 
»r.= D a c a i t u c k s xw home w ith atch garage 8914 Long 
696-742oSLATER R E ALT Y 684-616 B ro n - h HUD p re fe rre d 435-8334. 
AR M Y B LV D 
3 bedrooms, firs t floor duplex V t 
BLOCKS from Ft Sam. Rent 512o 
655 3584, 655 2754 
REESE H E N R Y ,R E A L T O R 
A ttra ctive south, 2-1, arr, carpet, stove, re frig ., fenced ya rd water pd 5146 655 64o9 

PARK VILLAGE 
3 -l-C P , fe n c e d , s to v e o n d re-1 friq rra to r, $185. M OR RIS R E A L- 
TY, 654-o616._________________ 
P erfect 2 bdrm , CP w ith storage oir, appl, lust $155 
AT 1127 W FR EN C H 
United, 715-9121. tee (481;3)— j 
5115 mo., on busline near school,' P riv o le 3-2-CP, o ir, heat, storage w ater pd. B R E N N E R CO. 344 3471 shed, fenced, kids. $19o 

N E W C L A S S N O W F O R M I N G 
“ APPROVED FOR VETERANS” 
• C.B. RADIO REPAIR 
• RADIO-T.V. REPAIR 

• t h FVISION TECH. OPERATOR 
• RADIO BROADCAST-LICENSING 
• RADIO OPERATOR (F.C.C., U t CLASS) 

For In fo rm a tio n 

C A U -W R IT i O R V IS IT 
ELKINS INSTITUTE 

5 o 3 S. M a in n n r i 
I O 
J I O 
San A n to n io , T x . 
J L J . O - I o * 4 o 

5o1 - BUSINESS OPPORTUNITIESr 5o1 8BSWESS OPPOBrUWlTIES 

Untied, 733 9121, fee (489 3) 
| 
Redec I b d rm duplex, fire p la ce , j la undry connect, no lease, $125 
United, 735-9121, fee (6oo 3) 
1 
Remodeled 3 b d rm . W olzem areo. a real rent for 52oo 
United, 735 9121, fee (486 I) j 
R E N TA LS 
WE H A N D L E ; 
Choice NE Rentals 
BODDY UECKER 
824-7361, 1324 Austin Hwy 
) b e d ro o m . 11 ? b a th , c e n t r a lj R ent-optlon, coup le-sm a ll fa m ily heat-oir. 52oo mo, NE schools. 4 to enjoy nice clean, fenced, a ir, 3 bedroom, 2 bath. ce n tra l heat-air, b e d ro o m hom e, a p p lia n c e s in- 

3 BD R . I B A T H , la rg e fe n c e d yard, near Lockland, schools and shopping, 5)5o p e r m o nth. 51oo deposit, 673 ooo2_________________ j 
B e a u tifu l ro c k h o u se on one wooded acre, G rey Forest, S3oo. mo. 693 8oo8 Ofter 6pm __________ ; 
I Bedroom apt Stove, re frig e ra -t tor 59o. ma I 899 2985___________ | 
3 Bedroom . 2 baths, tow nhouse.! a p p lia n c e s , c e n tro ! a ir h e a l,, carpel, drapes. 533o. 684 9o14 

5236 mo 

3 6 6 6 6 6 1 6 6 

S 
L A p l a z a 
; 

C e n t u r y 21 
M O N EYSAVERS R E A L T Y 
636-242o A N Y T IM E 

 eluded, convenient to South P o rk ; 
M a ll, L o c k la n d and K e lly. O nly 1 
< 5165. plus dep. 
732-3o17 
A tte r, 
5 3opm 

2 Bedroom house, 1211 N. H a m il­ ton St , SHO mo. S5o dep. days 
224-1573, nlles 732-1126.__________ 

R epointed 4 y rs old. 3-1-1, appl, klds-pets, section 8 OK, $2)4 
United, 733 9121, fee (4 7 )1 ) 
5 Room house, 1oo2 N E lm endorf, 
51oo mo plus bills. 435 3o45______ 

# 

2268492 
LIVE B E T T E R FOR LESS! 
GROUND L E V E L D U P LE X E S 
FU R N OR U N FU R N 
E X C E LLE N T M A IN T E N A N C E 
H IG H LA N D H ILLS APTS 
H31 E 
5oU TH C B oS S 
334 6666 jy g f iy 

A A 
I, 7, ond 3 bedrooms $18o 
A 
. to 
$3$o. On Bettor across from North Star Moil 
• 

• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
A A AAA A Home of your own can be yours tor as little as 526o down and paym ents less than rent No 
I C re d it’ No problem 
J A J R E A LT Y 674 6613 A nytim e 

N e a r 
K elly-Lockland 
AFB 
Limited number of el fluencies and 
I bedroom apts. Now available. 

58oo 
MEDINA BASE ROAD 
6 7 4 -7 o o 4 

3 4 1 -4 6 2 1 
• I 2-3 Bedrooms 

• Single and Fomily 
-Sections 
• Fireplaces 

• Tennis 
o ^ 
115 NW LOOP 41o o 
Across From 
o 
North Star Moll 
o 

SECURITY 
PLUS 
Apts. of Distinction 
Efficiencies - I and 2 bedroom s 
Furnished ond U nfurnished 
THE VILLA FONTANA 
123 B R A C K E N R ID G E AVE 
(O FF 27oo BR O A D W A Y ) 
_______ 828 1191_______ 
SUNSET RIDGE APTS. 
Large I and 2 Bedroom s 
FROM 5122 SO (F U R N $14o > 
116 V A N D E R H E C K 826 2169 
OFF 64o6 N NEW B R A U N F E LS 

THE HABITAT APTS 
I BEDROOMS 
ALL U TILITIES PO. 
3815 WEST AVE. 
344-772o 

$135 - SI 6o. 
BLANCO RO. and BASSE RD. 
12 Bedrooms. G as-W ater Pd. 
6811 BASILW OOD 34 2 37o2 
B rin g the m other in law , I bdrm , appl. fenced tor oil. 5175 
U nited 733 9121, fee ( S il l) 
B rin g the T rib e ! 3 b d rm house, la undry connect. CP. fenced, SIBS 
United, 715-9121, tee (473 ll 
1-1 I. C a m elot I. o il k itc h e n ap p lio n c e s . c a rp e t, c o v e re d ond screened patio, storage building, fenced 5225 mo 634 6762._______ 
C A M E LO T ll 
4 bedrooms, 2 baths, 2 cor garage. a real nice house Lease 51oo mo 
655 3584, 655 2754 
REESE H E N R Y , R E A LTO R 
C A M E LO T ll, L o v e ly 3-2, 5275. 
M onth 822 3o41_________________ 
CASTLE H ILLS 
Lu xu ry duplex, 2-2 2, ele ctric k it­ chen. u tility room , la rg e storage orea. 5325. w ater pd. Y a rd m a in ­ tained 
696-6679. 
A fte r 
7pm 
696 796o.________________________ 
Catch this 2 bdrm , Jett area. appl, plenty of oir. call 
United, 733-9121, fee (577-3) 
C e n tra l w e a th e r, 2 b d rm , has appl, kids- pets OK, fenced, 5123 
United, 713 9121, tee <477 2) 
4715 Cheddar 3 2 den nice 
525o 
1o7 B o lla rd 11 Sec I ................5151 
B A R N E B E Y AG EN C Y 
141 4455 

Section I OK, I b d rm w ith appl. 
CP. close to bus. 51oo 
United, 733 9121, fee (682-1) 
S ierra N orth 3 bedroom , 2 bath, 2 car garage, com pletely carpeted. centro! heat- o ir 653-5916 a tte r 5 pm weekdays 
Small fa m ily? I b d rm duplex, has appl, garage, fenced, 51oo 
Untied. 735-9121, fee (693-3) 
STOP LO O K IN G 1 Call now tor a large selection of I ond 4 bedroom homes to rent, lease w ith option to buy or own. P rice d fro m 522o S6So mo Coil til I P M 
Executive Real Estate 824 3345 

C ity vie w , J - l' i- l. b u ilt in s. fu ll carpet, drapes, 52)o 
United, 733 912), tee (467 3) 
Clean, 2 1 house, e ld e rly couple. no children, SISO mo. 633-3346. 

Clean, unfurn I bedroom house. 
514o mo couple only, no pets 
732 6o94 

S tudents 1 -1 'j b d rm , a p p l, a ir, b ills p a rt pd. lust 515o 
United, 735-9t2t, tee (5o3 3) 

ARRELL HILLS DUPLEX 
Deluxe 2 bedroom . 2 balh, livin g ro o m , den, c a rp e ts , sto v e , r e ­ frig e ra to r, washer, d ry e r, p riva te ya rd 5233 mo Details. 653 4139 
T E R R E L L H ILLS 
I bedroom. 2 both. cen*, heot-air. 
S275 mo. Also. I bedroom , 2 bath, 
N E. 5235 mo. 2 bedroom , I both, cent heot-oir. 5163. m o 656-1234 
RED CARPET 
TOWNHOUSE 
B e a u tifu l liv in g , c a re fre e , co n ­ v e n ie n tly lo cate d 1-2-2. G ard en patio to garage F irep lace 
THE GOLDEN KEY 
A partm ent Locators 126-3739 
T O W N H O U S E ! B e d ro o m s . 2 baths, carpet, w o sh e r-d rye r conn 
5256. plus u tilitie s 655-2625. 16 to noon, o tte r 9 36 eves 
T R I P L E X , I r e f r ig , fe n c e d e le m e n ta ry I I I School, o ft Roo seven and M itchell. SIS and SHO 

YOU U N {AKN 
$36,ooo PER YR. 
ASA 
PROFIT 
PRO DUCTIO NS 
DISTRIBUTOR! 
For As U ttie As 
$ 4 ,2 7 5 On. 
H O W ? 
By renting the biggest breakthrough in point of purchase advertising in re­ cent years. Every business has a need for our product, and may rent it for as low as $ 2 9 .5 o per month. 
N O T A FRANCHISE 
— N O FEIS 
Full or port time, no selling required on your port We will hire and from manager ond salespeople to get you started in your own business. 
For local interview this week only. 
Coll 
LES 
GREENE AT 
(512) 223-4361 

 ar PROFIT PRODUCTIONS INC. 
North Hollywood Calif 

(213) 76o-1221 

S.W. MILITARY OR. 

Corner lot, 7oox425, heavy traffic, 2 bedroom home, 

TAKI OVER EXISTING GUN SHOP 

5ox4oo, good income, small home, double hay auto lepotr, pcivate ti none mg 

DOWNTOWN COMMERCE ST. 

Toke ovec existing grocery store 
54oo sq ft bldg. 36, OOO s a lt. land orea. 3 pkg from 2 streets. Room for exponsron, flexible financing. Call 
Ed Owens 826 5463 

B O B M C G IN N IS 
REALTORS 

W A N T E D . R e sp o n sib le p e rso n w ith n e c e s s a ry e q u ip m e n t to op e ra te C a lich e q ro v e t p it, ao p ro v e d to r s ta te a n d fe d e r a l roads 
For opp* call M rs Ruby 
762 1618_______________ 
WE BUY 
Businesses and Inventories 
J KA HN A ASSOC 342-4822 

WORMS 
We buy w orm s under co n tra ct 
W orm grow e rs needed 
512-653 514o 
WORM E N T E R P R IS E S 

5 o 2 -BUSINESS OPPORTUNITIES 
WANTED 

W ater W ell D rillin g business us- inu cable tc-ol r-^- 
(SI?) 778-91o2 

5o4 MONEY TO LEND 

51o, ooo,ooo a v a ila b le fo r a ge d recievables Coll 349-8oo6________ 

EQUITABLE 
TRUST COMPANY 
We specialize in the p u rc h a re of: 
•C hattel or Real Estate Notes 
•F in a n cia l Leasing 
•F a cto rin g Accounts R eceivable 
IN O UtR E AT 226-o314 
16)8 NBC Bldg 
San A ntonio 
N E E D CASH?? 
BUT HAVE NO C R E D IT ? ?? 
Call Union Finance 223-6871 

 b e d ro o m , ra n g e , V 3 4 9 - 1 1 2 1 d y a rd , w a lk to . 

Reody Cash to purchase yo u r real estate m ortoges 223 1473. 
SM ALL HONOR LOANS 
JUST PR OM ISE TO PA Y 
ABA C R ED IT___________ 223-6249 
S ta rtin g , e x p a n d in g , in ta n g ib le a c c o u n ts r e c e iv a b le . ..c a s h a v a ila b le fo r th e s e a n d o th e r monev needs Coll 671 8857 now 

5o6 - FINANCIAL INVESTMENTS 

E a rn quick fin d e rs fee Need 
51o.ooo ope ratin g cost new b u sin e ssJ^sn ^7 ^2 6 o ^a tte i^5 P M 

512 INSTRUCTIONS 

4-2 2. c lu b p r iv ile g e s , 
$1oo 
_ 

HS W * ° ‘ ° o,ton *° bUY 4J4' 7S73, I PlU*l ut7lltT*s 444~3614~oHer 3 

Townhouses in Oak H ills. Lovely 
2 ond J bdrm s, I balconies. Sm oll lu xury com p ly*, 341-1262 
T rin ity area. 2 bed roo m . 527 E 
Huisoche, 5166 732-4633 a tt 6 

ADULTS ONLY 
226 3547 
I b e d ro o m a p ts, h is to ric K in a 
W illiam 
A rea 
HS 
M adison 

LARGi COMMERCIAL TRACTS 
74$ OOO m l ft to fredewkibuig 
Id south o* loop 41o 
7o,34o sr. N. Ot Austin B n f ikrse to IM35 
74,313 sr ti an Nacogdoches Id north i i litten 

6 atees with 1ooo ft (rentage si Notogdectses ond Pemn Ie ii ti ok utthfces Cal Id Owens, 126 5463 

 b o b M cG i n n i s ' 
REALTORS 

V 
3 4 9 - 1 1 2 1 

AVAILABLE WAREHOUSE 
AND OFFICE SPACE 
A ll sizes lo m eet nay ne *d 
Alt areas et 51A e rn e s t ta b le Cam mer 1 
UM P rop 34? H i t 
__ 
B A R B I i~5MOP /O R R E N T HOO 
Ma HT 6411 
C o m m e rc ia l a r 
In d u s t r ia l 
P ro p e rty Io n e M, ta r Lease ie 
I to o in B lack 5 B razas, w in im prove tar app roar (Ole tenant Call 
C anton Hgpetsiein j r iii gilt 
E X C E L L E N T Business location. 
Z oo6 SBW 1616 C incinnati A«e e x c e lle n t re ta il or exe cu tive at ti ce bldg ce n tra l neat a ir ngwty ca rp e te d . 1666 sa ti .la rg e p a rk mg igt, B rood w ar and Ave B en trances 
Reasenopie 624 1644 or 
I ii 4>6S______ _ 
H O T T E S T USE O CAR LO T rn 
Town* 5366 per mo P roven tor 26 w e a rs M u rr y Hor C u ieprg Rd 
IS #61 Wiles 696 7177 
_ _ _ 
LEASE 
4 M AC U t > 
158* 5 f M IL IT A R Y ORI_______ 
I EASE 
IO SMM) Ie JO.IMM sa *1 e a r r house 
Merfhewst lo Pe Ruin W ill divide 
IMO sa n attice nor in t ast 
Win divide td S i sa It s trip ( t a l e r sp a ce 
Heavy ba ttle JSC 
JUE E I M i Mi DOE 
R E A L IO K m n y ______________ N .ie ss* 1 14* 

256 REAL ESTATE LOANS i 

M A X E R E 
LO A N S I* . F ir s t liens Max I y rs Buy notes less mon I* w ill! discount 

3o2 MOBILE HOMES RENT 

2 Ber, -vn. m obile home. 573 mo wdter pd 226 6197______________ 
J BEDROOMS C ountry L iv in g ' 
Near city 
W ith g a rdan . fis h in g 

—— 
> 
4o1 WmTBENTS FURN 

Adults Soutnside 
S127. MO FURN. 
B ra n d new e le e n n i e fticte n ce s. peal snag c o rb e t, big clo se ts fa n ta s tic k itc h e n 
R o b in s N est 
Apt 316 Hot Wells Blvd 333 QSII 
SHO Air 
I Bedroom, on Son Pe 
- Qrp ofter SPM 4 36 2171 
Alamo Hts lay tty p rivo le duplex. ie tony turn 232 Wndrose 
APTS FURNISHED 
SUS. 
RI TT IM AN RD AT IH33 
THE FAIRDALE 
66oo FAIRDALE 
_______ BS61oQ1_______ 
APTS FURNISHED 
SMS. 
BANDERA and EVERS RO 
HIDDEN MEADOW 
5959 WURZBACH 
684-33)I 
A s t o r i a 
1o14) SAHARA 344 4191 
FU RN ISH ED U N FU R N IS H E D 
S u n s h i n e 
>42 E SUNSHINE 734 4422 

Male Roomm ate wanted to share 
2 bedroom apl Paul. 494 21o7 

M ETRO MOUSE DOWNTOWN 
M OD ERN E F F IC IE N C Y FURN 
SUO to 5133 T il 4TH ST 226 7333 
M O T E L E ffic ie n c y A p a rtm e n ts a n d R oom s 
B y D a v. W eek o r 
M o n th 
o 1 2 9 1 1 2 . 
PE 4 4747, 
L E 2 6152. CA7 47o2. N e a r F I. 
Som TA J 1377____________________ 
N e ar F L Som 
I b e d ro o m opt gas w a ler pd SHO 344 64o6 
N ear F t Sam. I bed roo m , nice clean, rem odeled. 5 1 OO w ater od 
Sign Poole. 69S 372). 494 S ill 
NE AR FT SAM 
Nice la rg e 1 bed roo m tu rn apt water pd. DOO 124 6349. 
Near McCretg»$. I bedroom , bills. 
< Quotes, SHS 532 1166 j 
N EAR SAC I bedroom apl 111 W 
C raig S79 734 9625, 435 767) 
Near SAC, e ffic ie n c y opt SOI SO pio> n ills M rs Watson, 626 45o4 
N ice g a ra g e apt. 4 ro o m s. 59o tulle od 433 662o A tte r 3PM_____ 
NO LEASE R E Q U IR E D 
Near FI ta m and dow ntown. E f­ ftc Apts B ills Paid. SOO per mo. j ; ; 4767 1954 E Houston________ 
N o rth C e n tra l L o ca tio n . E lm ira and M cCullough and IH35 Newt! ii,-, in ulva Neat bus. adults o n i,. 
No pets U n furnished I bedroom 
W ater pd Si 25 w ith dep 6 Mo 
Lease 22* 53o1 a tte r 4 ond wee lends. 6*4 6736__________________ 

NORTHEAST NO LEASE 
A t tr a c t iv e 
1 b e d ro o m , d is h washer, shag, pool B ills pd 5145 ; and up 525 Dep IO M in Ft Sam 
1216 E IS E N H A U E R o ft H a rr y 
W urtbach 422 9193 
; 
O ft B re a d w a y . n e a r B ra c k e n ridge P o rk . I b e d rm , w a le r pd 
596 mg 342-6675 i 
O ft C in c in n a ti, la rg e 2 b e d rm , 
51 l l w a te r g o t pa 124 6664 
PAN AM APAR TM E N T5 
I 
5462 B IE N V IL L E DR off Wetdner rd M odern I Bedroom . 6)3 2641 
PECAN VALLEY 
Colt Club Apts. 
345IE.SoUTHCRoSS 

. 
M M B H _____ 
P riva te cotton#, storage, conven tent Loop 416 and 261 
B ills od 
5123 342 612o 
_______________ 
R O O M M A T E n e e d e d Ie s h a re apa rtm e nt 3*4 1123 

ALL UTILITIES PO 
BROOKS MCCRELESS AR EA 
Large I bedroom, unfurn 516* 
Large 2 bedroom unturn $2oJ 
S O U T H P O R T A P A R TM E N TS 
55o6 
S 
NEW 
B R A U N F E LS 
_____________533 13oo 
AP T 
U pper Low er, reasonable. couples, at bus slop 712 *52o 

ARISTOCRAT APTS 
C onvenient to ail Southside taco lio n s 
I b e d ro o m . 5 1 7S, u n fu r ­ nished 9*7 4141 i i i H utchins 

C O N D O M IN IU M FOR R E N T 
T u rtle C reek A re o . A ll new ap plionces. 3 bebloom , 2 bath, tufty carpeted 535o m onthly plus dec 
341 6134 or 342 o933 
_ 
Convenient to M edico! Cent#! and 
USAA, 6822 Spring Rose Lovely cleon, 3 bedroom , 2 baths, w ith 
_ 
_ 
. 
.. B P ... 
_ _ 
, double garoge and p riv a c y fence 
C o n d o m in iu m to w n h o u se , I be- im m edia te occupancy 
$325 b ro o m s , fa m ily ro o m . 3 t ir e - | m o 18oo 
VERY SPECIAL 

T ry this* 3-2-CP, has appl, carate, 
' a ir, heat, fenced. S14S 
United, 735-9)21, tee (484 3) 
WE HAVE A V A R IE T Y OF REN 
] TALS p rice d fro m S14S to S29S mo. 
I Let o ur stoft assist you in select- 
; mg o home that m eets your needs and budget 

COUNTRY LIVING 
LU M B E R 
M IL L 
AN D 
W AR EHO USE 
A p p ro x 
4ooo s q .ft ..d o w n to w n 
C o s to rv ille $2o,ooo. O w ner w ill finance 
C all 
H unter 
Schuehie 
681 1716___________ 

o V 

I minute to IH-1o. 

P r iv e t* o d u lt o n d f o m ily 

 s e c tio n . 
6 9 o - 1 7 o o 

4 9 o 9 W o o d s o n # P r i v 

 places, double garage, bea utifully decorated Alam o Hgts Schools 
For Appointm ent call 
Action Apt Locators, 524 2333 
V IL L A G E OAKS APTS 
1-2 Bedrooms, and E ftictences 
U T IL IT IE S P A ID 
SOU N New B raun fels 626 4242 
1o169 15 W M agnolia 
A p a rtm e n ts tra m HOO a n d up- 
Near SAC, convenient shopping. bus lines Call 733 *637 
5o4 W S outhcross G a ra g e apt 
SSO 
J.F 
P e rry 
Jr, 
224 )512. ltl-975 8 
1923 W 
T ra v is . 4 ro o m s , bus. school b i Cento no 344 7993 

4o6 HOUSES, DUPLEXES 
FURNISHED 

Across K e lly 
I bedroom , clean m g M p l'v o to $82 W ater pd 4)3 9144 

B E A U T IF U L Tree House Apts in g arden C om plex, nea r B ro cke n rid g e Pk T r in ity U o n d D o w n ­ town View of City Pool Laundry 
M odern and c o m fo rta b le M an a g e r, M U L B E R R Y T E R R A C E 
APTS 13)5 B M u lb e rry , 622 3436 
1 bedroom efficien cy, clean, per le c t c o n d 
931 W 
H u is o c h e . j 
A vailable 
I 15th 
7)5 66)6. 
824-7137________ 
3 bed ro o m , 5o8 K e n d a ll, o p t 2. 1 w a te r p a id . 5128 m g , d e p o s it ; 
735-1669, 5]4 I t l l _______________ 
2 Bedroom , liv in g din m g -kilch g n c o m b in a tio n , h o o t a ir. r e tn g , i stove 596 Pius u tilitie s 535 Dep 
542 Texos B ear 734 3792,736 o211 
BELKNAP ARMS 
I BEDR OO M . 5213 
2 B edroom I >bath townhouse, 
5115 
U T IL IT IB S IN C L U D E D 
A D U LTS O N LY 
O EPO SIT R E Q U IR E D 

 t o r c 
* n o r t h 

A PA R TM E N TS 
F r e e U t i l i t i e s 
C o untry Irv in g to tho City 
I bedroom Apts now avoilaWe 
6 mites nor#) of loop 4 1 o ext Babcock turn left at Springtime 
6 5 4 2 S p rin g B ra n c h 
6 9 o -1 4 6 o 

7354891 
Clean 3 room opt 5*5 mo 546 dep w ater pd U n furn Ng pets 
T il D E LM A R , II6-6614__________ 
CONVENIENCE 
Loop 416 Vance Jackson Rd 
P A R K L IK E GROUNDS 
2 BEDR OO M 52)3 B ILLS PO 
P A R K D A LE APTS 342 6191 
E X T R A S P E C IA L " 
Gorgeous NR. I bedroom , 2 bath, snag enclosed p atio , B IG 1.o*4 sa ti Pool 3126 mo Bitts pd 
AP A R TM E N TS U N L IM IT E D 

8 2 8 -o 6 8 

J rooms, aum at 137 Urn vee. 

S o uth 
2 b e d , goth 

S73 water pd boy 
1 714-6518_______ 

•AU S TIN HWY E F F IC IE N C IE S * 
« lid J i l l s i/ Wk >24 1988 
I BEDROOM 6 P AR IM E N T 
NEAR U V E OAK 637 3*31 

12 IM I 
— - 

2 bebloom apl git carpel. 
121 E Highland i l l 97J) 
I bedroom b ills ad, 3113 3 sn bus 822 i|83 
Ii-# Q # GG m , QI fit ll o 

 l l t i 

 room tty*Af 
* OO#*) Aul CA WY *G « 1o WON to * IMH ort Son P e ars bes. weiec so d 
Adults urn < ne pets I t l M l H i t lur 

NORTHSIDE 
N ear ta n F rancisco Steak Neuse o u r * W ar (D o n s * s p a c e 
C e lt f g —hr 
#96 6996 weekends 

 m m * 
O ffice sishop re ta il M ile 416 IN I t 

1 Bed!bom t it s nice ca 
-I.lure, nevi f t Sgm sr4 tr< < 

2 
B E D R O O M S 
D E W E Y . 
ADUS TS 
NS p e lt SHB. 7 l l 7/38 IU 1667 _ 
I Bedrown, wait to won cai pet u p s ta irs 
3163 brits OO H S E 
Quincy V II 7IQI 
Corol Sand* U l t W Conteur IE ot 3786 Sen P e d ro ! o ir peel water paid I B drm te rn U M t 
Bdr m SIPS i l k 7913 

 tu r n a p t paneled liv in g room . w o le r gas 
Bd S ilt »2) 2167 
Spacious I and I bedroom s ideal tor young m at nude w ith a im OH child The B o ard w alk otter * ) be dream s ant ut ii tor 3799 2 pools d u e room awd la undry 
Clos# to 
W andor loud and C e ntral P ork 
3316 w ost Avenue 34* 4263 b u rt y G rim *fo o te r Co 
___ 
3)36 S W M ilita ry , tu rn , m obile home air m ulto r y t i l ) t il 6*11 

TALLY HO 
MOULE HOME INC 
IM , NUN IM PAN AM t i t l i d 
_ 
MON F R I 9 4 

Throe ton m o re g I he Oro# rn ap at the B o ard w alk tor t i IO t a d 
Poet d u b ro o m b h d la u n d ry 
Close to 
C kh trg l 
P ork and 
W onderland i)3 * w est Avenue 149 «M1 h a rry cSithnewaler Ck 

FONTAINEBLEAU APTS 

1235 E 
M U L B E R R Y 
L u xu ry livin g at rtaso nabl# price 
Large be a u tifu l e fficien cy ond I ond 2 bedroom apts Large pool next door to Ft Sam and 2 bibs fro m B ra cke n rid g e G elt Course 
S econds tra m d o w n to w n , m in fro m N o rth S ta r and W in d s o r 
Park Mott 116 5861_________ ____ 

GRB E NBR I i R APTS 
I 2 Bedroom s SN icioncos Sit! pd 
>5)3 Q rto n b fto r 826 USS________ 

I F Y O U Q U A L I F Y 

1 B r Ut bum I Both $147 5199 
2 B--azadds-1 Bdfh t i ) * 5221 
I Bedroom J Bom tl/V 5246 
AH u tilitie s C o ntrol A ir ond Hoot 
H eir ig o ro ie r 
R ange D isp o sa l 
D iagones TV Antenna Storage 
Units and M ore 
A p o ro x im a te ti 
I i M inutes if em M iln o r» Bases 
924 o41V 
JVI* Rouse ro ll A y* 
HING W IL L IA M A re g Two lox a ry I b e d ro o m apts p va n a a te 
SJW 
C antas 1 
D avid 
D evote, 
W M H 
LA • ANDE i i i APTS 
LU X U R Y 1 and I bedroom opts 
<>/» » A N g |g A B _ P _ 4 J ii2 U _ in tnt i x eat ss N tw s 

LIV E B E T T E R FOR LESS! 
GROUND L E V E L D U P LE X E S 
FU RN OR U N FU R N 
E X C E L L E N T M A IN T E N A N C E 
H IG H LA N D H ILLS APTS 
2931 E SOUTHCROSS 
3)4 68o6 

LIVING SPACES 
NOW AVAILABLE 
OLMOS TOWER 824 6661 
THE CHELSEA 824-8226 
______ COH tor appointm ent______ 

L IM TOWNHOUSE 

I Bedrooms, a ir heal 6146 Water pd Patio 139 E l Mio-466 ira No pots 341 8444, 494 36/E 124 *227 
N E E D AN A P T X A L L US 
TEXAS APT LOCATORS 
349 368MNO F t i* $ i> 6 UP 

IMRTHSTAR SANPEDRO lu x u r y J b e d ro o m 
I ' t b a th tow nhouse, c o rp # ! e le c tric k it chon, u tilitie s ad S246 M OR RIS 
R E A LT Y , 654-8414______________ 
N o rth w e st, M id ce n te r moo J bedroom w ith fireplace. *86 so It c a rp e te d A ll e le c tric k itc n e n 
V e ry b e te l, s m a ll c o m p le x 
1 SOI 1116 349 d 2 1* _______________ 
OAK h i l l s v i l l a g e 
A partm ents ond Townhouses 
I 
5173 UP 1847 babcock 344 9726 
I OR I b e d ro o m T o w nhou ses. b ills ad 
5266 to 5225 n e w ly deco ra te d No pots or c h ild re n 
>26-6767 Of 68+4766 
37)3 PLEAS AN TO N RO 
S o u th s id e 
I b e d ro o m a p ts . carpeted, pool, clos* to shopping, schoo ls 
A lt b itts ad 
SI SS m o 
9I7-6B8I 
612 1181 

Alam o Hts lovely p riva te duplex iQiulty tu rn 132 W itd fosr 
I A p ril Isl) spacious 2 b d rm , car- i pots, air, fenced. 5)13 
U n ttta , 71S-911I, too (SIS I ) 
I 
I bodroom. J bath, la rgo a i n. o ir, I tone Od 5236 434 4646____________ 
1 I Bodroom duplex, ground level, I plenty closets lo rg e shady yard. 
I near W onderland, id eal fo r coo 
; pie. M a tu re pe o p le p r e fe rr e d 
I t ills ad 51*5 mo 73* 5474 j Corner lot. 2 bdrm , big ya rd tor kiddies ond fido, 5125 
United, 7)5-9121, tee <466 I) 
C o u p le s d e h g h tl C a rp e te d 2 bdrm , dining, a ir, only SISO 
United, / is f i l l toe <467 I) 
Duplex near F t Sam, I bedroom 
1 both lenced. w afer paid. SO) mo 
I 8181711 
F t Sam 7 bdrm . CP. oir. fenced tor all. SIM, can 
United, 713 *111, tee (479 u 
O arage apt ca rp e te d w ith b ills 
I ad. no dep S9) 
United, 71) 9111, toe (47* 3) 
H ig iu n d Pk 
S o uthside, 4 ro o m dup child welcome, 126-1133 
7)39 M eadow E re o ie (S W I. I I 
) den G a ra g e , c e n tra l a ir h e a t, 
I tenet S16) I le 7911_____________ 
North cont I b d rm , bids o rts OK, r. bills 
Unite 
S o u th s id e l l- c o r g e !, la rg e fenced y a rd . shaded S i l t m o plus deposit. 
I or 
I child re n 
611 1688 

Couples deligh t! 1 b d rm , has appl, fenced yard, $96 w ater pd 
United, 716 OIH, tee (SS 63) j 
Dig th is ' Loaded I bdrm , centro! weather, att opal, S ilt 
United. 733 9111, toe (366 1) 
DO YOU W ANT to root or leos# w ith optio n to buy or ow n yo u r 1 own home? 32oo 365o mo Call 
IN TE R S T A TE >16 8733 til I pm 
D uplex. 316o Dep Lease, w ater 
Od 686 K ings Hwy 731 326* 
D U P L E X NW A R E A 
A V A IL A ­ 
B L E 
A P R IL 
U t . 
5 2 4 ) 
M O . 
I 438-1436 
J 
316 E A R LY T R A IL 
3 bedroom, I' a both 5183. 
W J to m b o y 34) ID * 
3-1 I , e x c e lle n t n e ig h b o rh o o d , close schools, lo rg e den, w o rk ­ shop. looded w ith storoge, clean, trustily painted 5273 m o 432-8886 stortin g M gr 14 
E X C L U S IV E 
L U X U R Y con dom in ium tor le as* Custom too lu re s . g e o l. te n n is , fir e p la c e 
T otally equipped, tree s, vie w of 
! cttyT lib -b s o i, W 8-8I1I. 
E x e c u tiv e y e a r old. 5*8.OOO OO home In L a rk s p u r -Plush ca rp e t mg. 1-2 2. A vailable 1st A p ril Now sh ow ing bv a p p o in tm e n t 5423 per mo plus deposit Dorsey Co 
711-9114, 
! 
F a m ily sized! I bdrm . opal, o ir, 
I heat. sioroge, fenced, 5176 ■ ll ii ii mi l l M 

C e n t u r y 21 
D E L A N E Y RE A L T Y 433 o3)o 
W ILTS H IR E TERRACE 
Clean J I. c e n tra l heal, unit o ir, built-in stove, re frig . Fenced, NE. , 
I .-ose 3)93 O w n*, oyunt 82* 6497 
Y e a r old. b e a u tifu l hom e, 3-2-2 
Forest Glen S JI) OO per mo. plus 

41o HORSES, RENT OH SELL 
! 

House to leas# w ith option to buy. 
Indian Creek 64)14)7 
1 
Near L A F E K A E B area. 3-1-CP. fresh ly painted and cleaned, slot age room patio ond fenced ya rd 
A vailable now *14 4o7* a tte r 4 pm 

1 1 1 -ROOMS ONEliHNiSHEO 

BOOMS Clean, carpeted, new ly rem odeled, on bus lin e N e a r 3 

4 1 6 - BOOMEDrt BOAK!) 

AN V AOC m ote or fom aie 3 Good meats doily $1*6 mo 715 2949 
Too spry for Horsing home? Loa 
•Iv. n o ta care, good food, ond like to go a litt le ? We h a v e one vacancy in our hom e to r a Hico elderly person at 
>the cost ot o 
™ 
^ £ « h o m * J 3 3 ^ M 4 ^ ^ 

SOI BUSINESS OPPORTUNITIES 

GROW ING B E A U T Y SHOP 
G ood a re a on W est A ve 
395oo buys an supplies ond fixtu re s. 
San Antonio Real Estate 
3231 West Ive 
349 6531 

HALLMARK 

A E R O T E C H 

BECOME A LICENSED 
AVIATION TECHNICIAN 
NEW CUSSES U G * A P tll I lib b Approved for Veteran* b Accredrted MATTS Institution b FAA Approved 
• Course* Mi Airborne ond Potter plant b Quality for FAA AAP Ikente b Course Duration I? Month* 
• fob Placement Assnlonce 

VIS IT OR CAU 
HALLMARK AERO TECH 
I I M 991k St., Stinson Hold 
San Antonia, Texas 7B2I4 
9 2 4 - 8 5 5 1 w— ow— em 
D A Y & M H F C L A S S E S 
NEW CLASSES 
B E G IN M ARC H )4th 
K eypunch, S e c re ta ria l, A c c o u n t­ ing. D ra ttin g and AM O ther B u si­ ness Courses 
Vet Approved E n ro ll Now. 
D U R H A M C O L L E G E 
'O', SAN P E D U'J________ HS-54o1 
Finish High School at Home 
D iplo m a aw a rd e d F o r tre e b ro ­ chure, call A m e rica n School, tool tree I 8oo 611-6311. 
H A LLM A R K AERO TECH 
11)6 99th ST. Stinson F ield 
____________ *14-6531____________ 
Southwest School at M e d ica l As- sistonce J I* 12*6 11) B rood w oy 
Veteran In q u irie s W elcom e 
Tnas Vocational School 
1*13 S Flores 
723 3JJJ 

GUEST RANCH 
443 Acres and equipm ent fo r sue ce ssfu l o p e ra tio n o t one o f the fin e s t re s o rt ra n c h o s in T e xa s 
ER NEST SOARD 
VARNER REALTY 
438 634* A N Y T IM E 
Lounge tor rout. F urnished )t)Q 
Mo. JBR Lounge, 1761 S H ack be rry SI 114 77*6_______________ 
LOUNGE on Pleasanton Rd F ui I ly equipped P rice d to sell 
914-432) 
HASKINS R E A L T Y 
LOUNGE rem odeled and com ple -j le ly fu rn is h e d . P o p la r a n d N , 
I s r i t m s r o St 
A r e a l m o n e y m aker 
5136 per m onth 224-1614 oz 884-491* 
I BOI - PROFESSIONAL 
"MONEY”! 

, . * m , t f o (448 )1 
*627 FOREST SHADOW 
Den. firepla ce 4-2 2 i l l s 
5511 KEYSTO N E 
Den with firepla ce 3 1 2 $325 
722) MOSS C R E E K 
1-1. 
523o 
7142 P IP E SPRINGS 

3416 ARBOR RIO O E 
Townhouse 
3662 OAN OUR YE A 

523o 

5323 

547o 

 air, bills po 5116, no dep 
Itta, 715 911), toe (477 1) 

Prestigious Neportiood 
H ope J b e d re e m , T b a th s w ith 
M o o c h boors la rg o boxed win dow s- b e a u tifu lly ta n a s c a o e a tennis courts, hooted pool, vary 

S A X F S ilM t W t LOCATORS u t i m 
REGENCY HOUSE 
I AN O 7 B e d ro o m a p is , p re s tipigusiy tempted en H a rry W ow bach a c r iis from FT SAM G alt 
C o u rs e 
F ro m 5225 . b itts bd 
*14 86)1 >14 1385 816 IJ J J______ 
3 boom Apt For Bent 
> 7 ta | 
“ T o ll----------- 
X # 

Special! H ighlands I b d rm house has garage fenced $75 
United, 73) *111, tee (474 i i 
St M a ry 's spacial, I b d rm , b ills pd. tone ta tor pets. S II) 

4o8 HOMES. H U M U S, 

•JNUIKNiSHH) 

AA AAA AA AAW 
Still rooting? 
Own your own home ta m e only 
5166 dow n' No c re d it? No pro b loth! 921 17o4, 673 4714 *74-736* 
PAT MCVEY B R A L ESTATE 
A EIO 4 a ta r nom. 2 bath, fenced, central heal a ir 527) mo Colt 
IN TE R S TA TE 875 6733 til I pm 
A Chalco of 3 4 bodroom homes to re n t Loose w ith o p tio n Ie buy 
Own your home NOW! 61*6 to 5366 me 
GASE B A K E R R E A L T Y CO 
oVB6996 fives 696 6863. 342 7/12 
KEY GROUP 

A H 
SCo66^6 
I M * W o o d rid g e 
Clem , l l , den a p p lia n ce s cen l r ol on drapes 3323 me 828 U 4 I, 
75$ torn bifer 3 I# pm___________ 
Aion*# H e ig h t* la r g e i i ICP, electric kitch e n dishwasher cee tro t an heat, w asher dr yet can ne. lien lie r a gr space water od 
I BB H H IB M 512 4851 
4 m m e H e ights f li r a la rg * du 
Ptox excellent M ention ) I I t P vier lr ic kitchen dishwasher c m fr a t a ir h e a t. c a rp e t, w a s h e r d rye r cen nee lion storage spec e. wptor pa, ag pots 
5313 mg 
»») « i * i __________ ____ 
IOO fa s t et sen l l 
M M I t o u t W M H ap 
MU IMI I S ta ts * ta w s 

$2 

3-2-2. 
8626 H U E B N E R RD 
M obil* homo on 1» aero l l pies ta m iiy room 32o6 w ith ch ild ro n 
S II) ne childron 
C e n t u r y 21 
W H IT E H E A D H O L ID A Y 
841-7115 
RE ALTO R S 
FOK LEASE 
4 bodroom, 2 bath, rock home in 
Olmos P a rk 3)95 mo- 
114)4o4 
>14o833 
F t ta m bid I bdrm , ce n tra l heat, appl fenced tor ail 39o 
UnrtaB. 73S-911I. toe w i l t ) 
G row ing fom ily? T ry this I bdrm , h o t a ir appt, carpal $146 
U m tta , 7)3-4)71. ta t <363-11 
Highland P ork 2 bdrm , appl. g a r­ age. stora ge to a cta . SISO 
United, 7)5*121, toe t«>9 2) 

SAY YES 

 lf YOU WANT 

• lo u r Own l et aw ls 

 b Btf Profit Pafaattbl 

Re* automotive accessor!#* mould Be bigger ikon Cit 

* Ne lr aweto ie leo 

 m*m% mc t i n 

Cst! U S « t 

( 5 1 2 ) 8 3 7 - 1 2 7 6 

S un. I M o o . 9 A M -S P M 

We w ill select one to ta l person to service Com pony established ac counts Wa ofter only top Quality fashion linos C om pany tra in in g and assistance m ake high e a rn ­ ings possible ! M in im u m in v e s t m en! 55766 C o m pa ny o tte rs in venter i buy back 
W rite today, 
141 W 224o S., Salt Lake City, Ut 
54115 or call collect, M r. H o w a rd ' 
(6o1)647-433) 
J 
MOTEL IN HILL COUNTRY 
S u c c e s s fu l M o te l in th o H ill 
C o u n try on US 261 to r sale 
14 
U n its. 4 a p a rtm e n ts , and I be droom office On I fu ll city block o ir conditioned. TV in each unit 
Sw im m ing pool and play ground w ith lots of oak ana elm trees I t s 
Down. O wner w ill finance balance at IN over 26 years 
Joe Noel 
11 >33 49441 I 
O FFSET P R IN T IN G Business tor rent or lease F ully equipped w ith n e w A B D ic k ,1 * 8 CD P re s s , scre e n e d p lq te m a k e r.e tc 
W ill c o n s id e r p r o f it s n a r in g w ith qualified pressm an 
1214643 or l i b 16*6 
____ 

AUDITOR TRAINO 

$12,ooo 

Ikquw ti thong boc)ground rn ac counting 
Accounting degre* pry toned howevei MA or IS a i th IS hr* minttnoni accounting co nuder ta Recent college molt 

 definitely wilt be tonwderta 

I 1RR4I n I m® x I on 11 

 e h u m j j f l i m 

 i m j i l D H B i f u t f r r r a t r * 

USB Jackson * toter 542 2)91 

HOMES - $2oo DOWN! 

“ i Y & r S & * L Sl ! 6 
I l m 'l* 

HOMES $2oo TOTAL move rn ) and 4 bedroom s Why rent? 
Anybody can bey 
M o* payment 
474 411* 
RAE R m l A n o le acy, 
5)2) near me 
12-2 Im m ediate occupant 
Randolph ond F t ta m 
H I ? 
; 
IN P leasan ton, Tx 
) b e d re e m house 57) *162946_____________ 
I o ckland Terrace, 3 n, dream . I 
Both. C a rpo rt, e n clo se d Screen 
Pgho S ite Me 674 11.76 
____ 
L e a n V o lle y , e x e c u tiv e , J 2 2, b rick, hr aptote, extra s. 3356 tinned. ?)) f i j i , toe i«*4 )» 
~ 
LIV E OAK 
LOYER « bedreem - 2-slury et 343 
Graven** 
SJI) 
B R E N N E R CO 
1*4 3471 
32 I toe a tta to Deer Run Remet fe lt igeralar and (ra p e s included 
31*6 me 664 43 M 344 e l* / 
PE A N IE OWE N I R I A L TQK I 
M a c A rth u r IOO! K m ent Kubm t i l cai pet ne pets l l * ) 
344 /346 watson e sen t i t aeei 
3*6 Ake 54) Den 431 I teener 
^*1 >134 
M o d e rn 3 b d rm b o lti reefer aer extras, (BM 
U nited 7)1 s i l l 
— 
TwniuBTjnr 
•5 SIS I ta # tx n et is 4 stet h i 1 

ANXIOUS OWNER 
E Q U IP P E D 
TIRE 
R E P A IR 
SHOP 
PLUS HOUSE IN REAR 
A L L G O R 
513,84 
OK 
R E AS O N ABLE 
O FFE R B U IL D IN G ONLY FOR 
LESS 321 FRIO CITY RD 
(33 7U4*NORMA)f O B lM M M J I 4 /i 
AUDIO VISUAL 
SCHOOL 
D o ve e p re fe r to w o rk in the re m e dial area of education? It se this weH established local school m ay be the answ er C eil tor Oe tails 341 2222 Anytim e. 
C e n t u r y 21 
RAY T E A L. REACTORS 
AU TO D E A L E R S H IP About one he u r fro m San a n to n io In p re fre e s ia # la w n , needs som eone e xpe rienced rn sales and w illin g to invest capitol end w ork to buy in o r a ll et b u s in e s s 
Send re , s u m # 
E X P R E S S N E W S B o x 
4)34, ta n Antonio 74297 
_______ 
B a ck F ro m R e nt I 8 x l| a ttic e tor m y tre e dohvery 924 366)___ 
CB P R O D U C TS 
14 e e la b iith e d lo c a tio n * 
S m a ll in v e s tm e n t l o q o irta 474 3944 ____ _____ 
CLUB FOR SALE 
5)696. re n t 5*36 geed ne rlh std e 
■siahum i l l G eneral K rueg er err 
47o6 B la n c# 
ALSO 768* sa ti 
341 >1)4 or M I 663) 
C O C K T A IL LO U N G E in town cbecck location o n g o in g money m a k in g bustw e ss 
G eed tog se 
Priced to yon Cgn »3) i m 

 to* c. 
1 To c i a 

 in s. p iu s 

 m a .. 

G ie s s tn g e v e r 
1 166,666 in rn m w at bud ding Send com plete 

'* * | T p a * S $ NEW S BOX 434) 
SAN AN TO NIO TX >o*o/ 

Own Your Own B usiness" W hite 
Auto Steres. 391* C olt F ie ld Rd 
VtHchltq Foils, Tx (6)7)492 34io 

PLANT and Gin SHOP 
N E. U nder $3,oo4 Coli o)5-4822 or 
EM I i i * 

PROFIT OPPORTUNITY 
D u nn A B ro d s tre e t so ys C ath 
O p e ra te d L a u n d r y a n d D ry 
C t*lin in g S tares o re one et tw o industries with the least fa ilu re 
I tipi) res 
K W IC X W AS H c o m o p e ra te d la u n d ry ond d ry c le a n in g le y l stores tor sate 
WE H A V E choice in u n d ry loco hens rn every p e rt el Sea Antonio ready to build now 
BANK RATE FIN A N C IN G 
For in ter m otion cat! Cd F io rd 
312 *64 3/1 1 o r v is it o u r w a r 
•house show ro om a l 3463 Jack n o ta . Son Antonio, Tx / i t l l 
Ford C om m ercial Sates inc 
The W orld s Larges) l£ v c d Queen Distrib u te r 

R E DW O R MS B u y b a c k cen tra cts, tim e p a ym ent plan, H or vest m achines end books avoue b l* 
A r n o ld s 
W o rm 
F a r m ' 
Inc ,6467 O riskany. San Antonio, ; 
TX 76347 *3 * o616 A n s w e rin g service 696 7)3) 
_________ 
R E P O S S E S S E D ' M ust s c il this m onth Lew e t a l p a ym e n t 
No p e rs o n a l lia b ility le a n M o b il# hem * park in K ingsville, Tx with m ib s . p g g i. re c lo o m 
G e o g i e n d itie n - lu s t needs supe r vt sign 
Consider any trode 
I i i t i sBE* 
! 
I URN x i i 
Lan d b u ild in g , in lu re s gng sla ck 
N e ig h b o rh o o d 
D riv e in located en M e ie r hw y end neat hou sing d e ve lopm ent 
BuObie Andersen. GU U N CAM P 
B E LL 
NE AL I i 
S A 
636 )131 j 
1379 1436 i 
34 U N IT MO f i t ” en B ro a d w a y 
G eed in c o m e 
L e w d o w n p e n lig h t C M tot L u rth e r d r to dc 

 iD N R rV X w Inc 72? 6 1 5 7 1 » * » 

Canap O m orM ty 
Houston based firm has ock-h "*i in San A ntonio. P re fe r m a rrie d w ith c o lle te d e g re e 
S ta r tin g salary up to $11,o86 F or appt call 
E L M a rtin 7)4-42*7 16am 4pm 
Men Tues. M a rch I4 ih and 13th 
E qual 
O pportun ity 
E m p lo ye r 
M F 
_____________ 

C IT Y 
OF 
F L A T O N IA , is a i i opting applications to r the po litte n of P o lic e O ffic e r, P ra te r c e rtifie d . S a lary open. Send R e­ sume w ith p ic tu re to J E BO I D, 
PO BOX 
375, 
F LA T O N IA . 
TX 
78661 

C IV IL E N G IN E E R 
C ivil E n gine ering D raftsm an 
Consulting e n g in e e rin g firm has an opening tor a c iv il eng ineer ond a c iv il engineering d ra ftsm a n w ith a m in im u m of 2vt s exp on tu b d m iio n im p ro v e m e n ts end m u n icip a l p ro te cts S a la ry com m e n s u ra l* w ith a b ility 
P hone 
349-o1)1 tor q ^p l 

D IR E C T O R to r Y W C A C o n to 
Id le w ild e 
P la n n in g , s te ttin g , s u p e rv is io n a n d b u d g e tin g ot 
: veer round p ro g ra m EA degree 
Plus ) years in cam p a d n u n istra 
I tio n 
A p p ly Y W C A 316 M c C u l­ lough 
An 
E q ual 
O pportun ity 
I Em ployer 
____________________ 

EXEC U T I VE "b t REC TOR ~ 
N a tio n a l 
V o lu n t a r y 
H e a lth 
; A gency to r C o n tro l and S outh 
Texos area, hea dquarte red in son 
Antonie M anagem ent, fund ra n mg, com m unity or o e * 'I Olton and a d m in is tra tiv e expe rience n o te s lo r y 
C o lle g e d e g re e o r equivalent e x p e rte n c « S tandard ben efits. S a la ry ra n g e l l to I ) thousand ann ually Send resum e one letter et a p p u i alie n to South w e ste rn A re a O ffic e 
311 Casa 
I mao Plaza Ne 786. Dories. Tex 
I QI 73718 

Im m ediate opening 
M in im u m ) yrs p ig g ra m m m g experience Do toenail or GE Time S horing Oui. ness system s; te e ben efits, i i c e ile n t o p p o rtu n ity 
C o li M r 
D eadon, D ew co D o te S tre tto s . 
P d jta l; Texoy 714 s|7 QQQQ 
IN TE R IO R D E S IG N E R , lo using or a Of e ll IU* n it , , attice tor your 
( tr o t t o o lin g 7 i t in te re s te d in 

Expr®ss-News— Monday, Mcrch 14, 1977 
Fifth Page 

K 
X 
P 
R 
E 
S 
S 
- N 
E 
W 
S 

( 
E M P L O Y M E N T f l T 
) . 

 m i - w b b b m h i__________________ a i 

 reoffssenw 

Men and women.... 

2 LINES 

I O 
DAYS 

N O N CO M M ERC IA L! 
CANCILLA BLC 
WITHOUT 
RAU CHANGE 
2 
2 
5 
- 1 
6 
6 
6 
QUICK RESULTS! 

 t o o lc o 

A n e w 
W oolco 
D e p a rtm e n t 
Store w ill open soon In San 
A ntonio. 
Excellent m a n a g e ­ m e n t o pportu nities fo r a p ­ plicants w ith good e x p e ­ rience. 

• JEWELRY DEPT. M ANAGER: 
Qualified to manage full time jewelry dept. 

• HARDW ARE/PAINT/HOME 
IMPROVEMENT DEPT. M ANAGER: 
Buying, Selling, Stocking, Advertising, Pro­ motion, Inventory & Profit control. 

• CAMERA DEPT. M ANAGER: 
Experienced in Promotion, selling and stock control of complete camera dept. 

• HEALTH I BEAUTY AIDS SUPERVISOR: 
Buying, selling stock, advertising and pro­ motion, inventory and profit control. 

• GARDEN CENTER SALES SPECIALIST: 
Qualified in complete outdoor garden needs. 

• LUNCHEONETTE M ANAGER: 
Supervising food preparation & serving for 
1oo-seat cafeteria. 

• OFFICE CLERKS: 
Invoice, payments, payroll 

• STOCK ROOM SUPERVISOR: 
Shipping, receiving for retail store. 

All correspondence will be treated in strict­ est confidence. Submit resume of work ex perience, address and telephone number, to 

EXPRESS-NEWS BOX 78o3 
San Antonio, Texas 78297 

A representative will be in soon for in­ terviews. Applicatinns for sales personnel to be taken at a later date. 

An Equal Opportunity Employer 

E xecu tives 
Managers 
Professionals 

M ost o f the b e tte r, higher paying job* ere n o t adver­ tised. Haldane can show yo u how to fin d these jobs and h o w tp get the in te r­ views. Send you r resum e to d a y or call n o w fo r a no cost or oblig atio n interview . 

Not a placement agency! 

N n l H f ii i p 
! shoe m r a s s o c i a t e s ! 

The only national job counseling and career management service. 

San Antonio 
Century Bldg.. 84 NE i sop 41( 
Suite 275 West ' Dept. E 
(512) 342 3166 
San Antonio. Texas 78216 
Also H ouston and Dallas. 
I Cat*. I X E C U T I V I 
Peqiondl o ffice Boston / Chicago 
[ClffviMdnd 'Dallas / Detroit Houston I f Cos Angeles 'Sa n t i ant .sen 'Tam pa I 
LNevsVoiV thviadelphca W ashington 

HAVE YOU EVER THOUGHT 
ABOUT REAL ESTATE SALES? 
Get the Answers at 
NAYLOR REALTY 
CAREER NIGHT SEMINAR 
Wednesday, March 16, from 7 to 9 P.M. 
TURTLE CREEK COUNTRY CLUB 
383o Parkdale 
Find out the answers to these important questions: 
Ar W ho should be in Real Estate Sales? dr W hat are the challenges and requirements? dr How long does it take to become productive? dr How are sales people paid? dr Con women sell successfully? dr Is training important? dr How much money can I make? 
(Learn about our unique Commission Schedule) 
★ W hy some fail while others succeed. dr How can I take advantage of National TV advertising, national referral systems and national training courses offered by 
NAYLOR REALTY GALLERY OE HOMES? 
PLEASE CALL 656-552o FOR RESERVATIONS 
Refreshments Will Ba Served. 
NAYLOR REALTY GALLERY 
OF HOMES 
Serving San Antonio Since 1945 

SALES 
SAUS m m 
SM OTHCX 

CANDY SALES 
Sales Person Needed for San Antonio area, calling on established and new ac­ counts selling a quality line of boxed chocolates and candy bors. Experience preferred. Bonus, company car, expenses and liberal benefits provided. Excellent op­ portunity for a career minded person. Send resume to: 
PANGBURN COMPANY 
P.O. Box 65, Fort Worth, Tx. 761o1 c/o Mr. William R. Trapp equal opportunity em ployer 

 state 

ELECTRONICS 
TECHNICIAN 

Excellent opportunity for individual with solid background lo begin career with fast growing computer company Military electronics o definite plus! Great com­ pany benefits. 
CONTACT: M O RRIS LYLES 
<5121 3 4 4 - 5 9 o 5 

( 
W A N G ) 

Lobo roto riot, Inc. 
•quo! opportunity employer m f a 
“IMMEDIATE” 
I need one good salesmen who is: 
1. Willing to work hard 
2. Has good driving record 
3. Needs to make at least $ 1 ,o o o per month 
For 
Lorodo-Eaglo Pass-Del Rio 
Apply at 

5o1o West Avenue 
W o rld ’s Largest T e rm ite 4 Pest C on trol Co. 

CIR SUES 
J S M 

SALESMEN 

MMMISTMIIVE 
[WUNCH! 

STORE MANAGERS AND 
ASSISTANT STORE MANAGERS 
FOR EXPANSION 
Must have recent retail supervisory ex­ perience in one or more of the following departments: Men’s, Ladies’ or Children's 
W ear; Fabrics; Linens; Shoes; Cosmetics. 
Learn to be a store manager. Good pay, good bonus, mony benefits. Closed Sun­ days, reasonable hours. Live in San An­ tonio. Call or write Mr. Brenner or M r 
Grimm for confidential appointment. 
SOLO SERVE COMPANY 
118 Soledad, Son Antonio 782oS, 512-225-7163 

Handy And! 

Applications o rt boing accepted for the position of 
COMMERCIAL ARTIST 
• m ix t necessary in newspaper loyout and speedball let 
U p tim e necessary tenng 

Salary commensurate with experience plus benefits. a p p ly in p a rs o n 
Handy Andy Personnel Office 
3ooo E. Houston mn equal o p p o rtu n ity em p lo yer fe m ale or m ole 

SOUTHWEST TEXAS STATE 
UNIVERSITY PO SITIO N : 
TRAFFIC SAFETY CO O R D IN A TO R 

Dunes. Develop end odmmriler weft* safely pogrom m o i county wee. 
Wort with pofctKoi tuUnmiom in accessing, tmpiementmg end men"wing tampon anna* community traffic solely pion Develop educational advisory pogrom and paved* long reno* plans rn Nettie safety Requirements 
Putti*!*.* md bt (peen I* (endnote seitfi o degree rn Traffic SS tty rn Com rn unity (Terming Salary SI 7,ooo ♦ , commensurate enffi quolifuetiens Sub 

 mil ie some to 
D K .O .L . D O R S I Y , D o o n 
School o f A p p lied Ardo 
SOUTHWEST TEXAS STATE UNIVERSITY 
Son M orcoe, Tx. 7 8 o 6 6 

C ivil Knginpwr 
’ 
Son A ntonio, Texas 
Applications desired Graduate Civil 
Engineer with 4 or more veors ex­ perience in design ana or con strucfion of (aerage treatment erorts or o simdor penod of employment with state or local govBrnmtnt hi wort directly reiot ed to the operation, maintenance, rehabilitation, and esponsion of sewage treatment worts Prior pononol fomdrarrty with federal and state requirements for tho operation of sewage treatment plants is highly desirable Must bo qualified candidate far future registration as hofeswonol Engr mot in Stat* af Tom. Preference given to apphcont* who ort already Registered Professional 
Engineers in 
Tem 
Soiory negotiable 
Excellent fringe benefits Sand resume to Son An tom# liver Authority. P O lox 
92E4, Godhood Station. Sen Ait tamo. I u d s 712o4 

WANTED 
TRU*? DRIVERS 

Must hove 3 years aipenenca rn long boul and handing Oil field 

Pip* 
Must rekxete lo Uvalde. 
Tem Coll 

GENESCo INC. 
512-27B-5666 
Equal Opportunity Employer 

(n o roe Personnel Service 
o132 Sovereipn Dr 
Sutta leo, <si2) ) 49-3S4t 

ARI YOU UKE Mi? l l 
DESIRE TO MAKE 
LOTS AND LOTS 
OF MONEY? 

Multi-million dollar organization has outstanding openings for soles persons who like meeting people and want the opportunity to develop an excellent in­ come through our ad­ vanced-commission sys­ tem. 

 lf you ore not afraid to work and wont to train for a permanent career in our international fraternal benefit society, we would like to talk with you. 

Interviews pointmen 
3718 from p.m. 

^ 
S o o lc o 
COLLEGE GRADUATES 
WANT A CHALLENGING 
CAREER IN RETAILING 
WITH 
THE 
OPPORTUNITY 
OF 
AD­ 
VANCEMENT TO EXECUTIVE POSITIONS. 

MGMT. Trainees now wonted by 

WOOLCO DEPT. STORE 
QUALIFICATIONS 

W oolen 

Ambitious 
Willing worker 
Good Health 
Willing to transfer 
(ofter 6 months.) 
Life & Hospital 

6. Paid Vocations 
7. Stock sharing 
8 Retirement Program 
9. Pd. holidays 
1o. Christmas bonus 
11. 25 yr. Award 

For A ppt. Call 

6 
5 
6 
- 4 
4 
6 
1 

Equal Opportunity Employer 

Due To E xp an sio n 
Are now accepting applications for: 
Camera Sales Personnel 
• Experienced in promotion 
• Selling and stock control of complete camera dept. 
• Good company benefits 

APPLY In Person 
IO O G ill Rd. 
E qual O pportunity E m ployer 

(A M B IT IO U S ) 
I'm looking for } men who ore w lllina to w ork hard for better th on averaae earnings 
Start 
I immediately 
I________ 653-7451________ 
SALESMEN 
Notional Electrical manufacturer distributors, O E M and prospec­ tive new accounts. Products are electric m otors, g en erato r, oir c o m p ra s s rs , v e n tila tio n equipment, and Allied products 
Excellent opportunity for person seeking permanent position Must be a b le to p la n and m a n a g e co v erag e and g ro w th of soles volume. Salary and commission and expenses. Usual fringe ben e flts , m ust h av e c a r. P le a s e a n s w e r In w ritin g to W W 
G rainger, B J 
Smith, P O. Box 
MO*. Pasadena. Tx, 775o4, Eaual 
Opportunity Employer 
SALES MGMT TRAINEE tor direct sales, n a ti company 
Start 57oo per m onth4 comm. No travel, must be neat. cleancut and ambitious. Rapid advancem ent 
Cor necessary. 
494-1(12 
Bill 
Morrison 
SALES M GM T T R A IN E E 
(2oo-4 per w eek. J y r tra in in g p rogram , paid frin g e benefits 
Retired m ilitary invited. Call O.C 
Green, C LU , M etro p o litan Lite 
73) 9745. 
Equal opportunity employer_______________________ 
Sales Representative tor business m achines P ro te c tiv e te rrito ry otter training period. 142-3124 
Sarah Coventry Jew elry sells It- 
No invest 
44( -1411 

STAFF 
ACCOUNTANT 

A 
Mojor 
Multi-Facility 
Hospital Corp. is seeking or countant for regional office in San Antonio. Accounting 
Degree required, recent graduate acceptable, ex perience not required. Send resume to Box 4547, the Ex press/News 78297. 

 f quo! Opportunity Employer 

6o8 SECRETARIAL 

J 

“ IMMEDIATE” 
I n>t d tw o good people w ho: 

 g) Are witling to wert 6 Mays including Sat. and evenings b) Mat afraid to get their bandi dirty c) Has high school education, must hove good driving record d) Moods to earn a minimum at $1,ooo par month 
3) Desire the opportunity to advance into management 
Q u o lified candidates ap p ly a t o n e* 
5o1o West Avenue 

 snit Pull or part time i rn not. excellent pay. 

T E LE P H O N E SALES 
You may be any age 1o-7o without exp., port or tun time, hours day or night-we wont you to profit and be happy, call us today. 349-4219, 
349-4397 or 349-4(47 ____________ 

J 
TNOtTAAMO* P U C O 
J 
City to O rowm rvM e. Tenon 
• Ifsponstbie for designing, im- J 
J piemanting and monitoring tom • 
J? rn unity Development Programs J 
J and short range projects WU • 
• research, prepare and submit en ta ta mr on mental import os ta j 4 sassmants/stotaments, feasibility 4 
I • studies, giant applications, ho 4 
, ta asportation planning, land usee 
6 aid long range planning boc- a 
4 helot s Degree rn nonnmq with 2 4 
• years exponent* rn equivalent, 6 
I ta athnguaJ abilities, written and 8 
{ 4 spoken, required fag 6 
J ta bsh/Sponnh. 
Inewiedg* of jg 
• systems omdysis 
(poke chon w 
» deadline Manti 31, ItJf Salary * 
6 long* $95ooo Mo ■¥ fringe q ta benefits 
Apply et rn send g 
• resumes to 
^ ta 
Parsing*! Directer, 
_ 
6 
P.o. Baa t il , 
6 
Dr awm sirtM*, Texas 7152o. 
- 
I 
W W ( p r w tu d n i w a v e - a I 
9 

W orld s Largest Term ite A Pest C en tral Co. 
Division of Rollins, Inc. NYSE 

TE LE SALES, solid sponsor 42 yrs. Convention, banners - adver ttsing, convention book. Call for appt (2(534o___________________ 

’’stanley SMffI T 
SECURITY, INC. 
Now Accepting Applications for 
SECRETARY 
With 2-4 yr*, experience 
Requires typing 6o-65 wpm and dictaphone. Shorthand desire bi*, but not essential Apparent* should be neat in appearance ond have ability ta wort under pressure 
Apply In Person 

. r n 
' 
SMITH 
1 L H g w m N C 
^211 Wert o4m* . 
^^ua^jtgsrtunitj^fmjioje^^ 

TEACHERS! 
Teacher placement 
SPEARS PE R S O N N E L SRV 
7o > Jar kson Keller j,'* I TTI 

Specioliitna I 
P l 

6o2 SAUS 

 r 

IS H ) 2 4 5 -2 1 o 3 
D r aditTin#: M a r c h 2 1 , 1 6 7 7 
SWISH IS en aifirmohve. action equal opportunity employ*! 

SAUS AND 
SER. REP 

Motor Credit Cord Co. 
Needs Dup for SAUS & 
SERVICES 
Territory Son 
Antonio cmd So 
Texos 
Cor necessary Trove! nec­ essary Outside soles exp necessary 
Soiory, axe. 
Co twnwfrts and 
Cor 
Allow 

MR. WHARTON 
2 2 7 -5 8 7 4 

NOTICE TO 
JOB APPLICANTS 
Advertisements in these cehtmns err e. it pi *4 en the premise that toes el 
1* 1*4 writ (* tried on lh* bosn ai mein withes#! diuiimmetion belout* ol se* unless im lob is a bo«efid* et lupetienol quohfiiation 
EMPLOYMENT 
AGENCIES lh# Son Amania Private Im plem ent 
Asse* rat en has e ngrt ted* e< I thus to ahull ON its pi mo •» *mplo lima ut agent* members subst’6 * fa* m tormeiien abewt pnvet* employment na* is, us OI adieu an iam plei"is <oN 
?74 /WW et 
"sa 
(th a i business bulten 

SALES 
LIMITED TRAVEL 
Gueranteed weekly draw p;u-. 
Homing incentives from $2oo lo 
SISO agoras! liberal commis wens 
Senior salesmen earning $1o,ooo to $45,ooo 
Management ap port undies ftincts m u m Hospiioiuatien. lift 
Insurance. 
Profit shoring, batwoman! 

Tau recant colas training rn the lemtory Our products ore nan 
(•chined ond rtoddy learnable 
Wa sob la the Industrial, food 
Finessing. Aul onto lr** end In sirtuhewd Mortal High quality pi educts bring pafitawa repeat sofas. fesMmrsl hon a successful wart 

ENCYCLOPAEDIA 
BRITANNICA 

Again wa must apologue to many 

(artlike* who have sent in ie quests for mfomtofion rtgoidmg 

 britannica 3. Wa pill don I hove enough representatives to follow 

 up end sell ta prospects rn thaw homes 

IU ! WE ARI TRYING! ! 

RfPRISENTATtVIS 
URGENTLY NEEDED 

MOO pet month or mere rn cam missions possible We will tram 

 you 
Must hove cor 
We wark mainly on lends appointment 

 host* full lima only 
7 3 2 -2 1 o 5 

IM A G IN E .. . 

1. SToo-S2oo per day overage commission. 

2. No competition. 

3. Daytime selling to local businesses. 

4. We offer group insurance. 

NO PHONY RUN-AROUNDS 

TOTAL INFORMATION BY PHONE 

CALL M R . GOLD 

M on. & Tues. 9 A M -5 PM 

7 
3 
2 
- 5 
1 
4 
1 

SALES REPRESENTATIVE 
$I2,ooo-$I4,ooo Plus 

Agency foe pad by (kent compony Unlimited opportunity for od mrantrotnw minded indivtduo! with successful bock gi on od Oui client is a manufacturer ond wholesaler ol consumer products and is seeking on aggressive mdnnduol who is profit conscious ond results orientated Auto and expenses provided 
SALES MGMT TRAINEE 
$11,ooo to $13,ooo Plus 

Agency let paid by (hon! compony lecenHy separated compony grade officer, U or (apt preferred Position involves complete training in sales mgmt administration Income ond odvanieman! opportunities open lo 
(he individual selected I • pense* and automobile furnished by WWWOll-rtm.nl wily 

 l a l i o m i u s m i E m p l m i m m t £ > r r u i r r 

SALESMEN 
WANTED!! 

—NEW i USED 
CARS— 

 a Must bo Experienced 
* IxcoNowt Poy 
* Excellent benefit! 

DEVINE* FORD, 
INC 
SJL Piton* 
677-82oo 

RETAIL STORE 
MANAGER local electronic retail operation needs strong minded talas mon voted store monogei 
((Citing future with rags, profit sharing, ond od vancemtnt Will be responsible for entire store operation Some ex perience necessary Must be stable and possess a work bord attitude 
Training available 
Iwi txplorwtory interview co ll 6 5 3 - 7 6 6 o 

CUENT5-CUENTS -CLIENTS! kkemAsms si 

REAL ESTATE SALES 

Oui continuing expansion has opened residential sales positions lei career-erwnted persons with or without experience Tout suc­ cess potential is thoroughly ex­ plored in our confidential in­ terviews 
((tensive in house training program 
Call bill 
McGinnis 
• broakhallow 
Office 
494-7A5I or larry Wgruv* - Van 
Pedro Office 624-o121 

 it a o u r & k f ijr a ^ 

TIRE COMPANY NEEDS 

ASSISTANT MANAGER 
E x p erien ce necessary (a la r y com m ensurate wijh experience 
Raid vacation, ha move ond hp spitiiiiatron Please call tar appt 
Littleton Tire Co *34(3o5 osk for 
Robert Sponley_________________ 

TOPNOTCH 

SOLICITOR exp erienced telephone solicitor to r 
S o uth sid e o ffic e , h o u rs loam-7pm or 59pm. Coll between 
9-12 Mon Frt Mrs Foster 335451* 
Unique growth opportunity with o 
52oo,ooo.ooo com pony far those who quality, salary, and commis skin. $2o-55o1 
USA is now accepting app lied lions tor salesmen lo m arket new e n e rg y sav in g d is c o v e ry th at brings proven results For appt ca«i 6(4-333o 

WANTED: 
GIRL FRIDAY 
I sol astate soles ond manage men! compony is now laking ap plications for secretory • gel today. Must bo professional wan 
Ism long term employment El 
(attent opportunity for con tmuous advancement Must hove excellent skiis typing, short bond. dictating equip bookkeep mg ond more No (Wk welchers please Excellent soiory range Aff 
MtqaelrtM —*■-*— -* -•—* abit to st confidential Must bt 

Cm!! Mrs. Wattea 
225-4368 Monday 

W anted: exp e rie n c e d fu ll line vending route salesman For Into coll 341 345t 
YOUNG W OMAN lives iis-raiocatas ta Austin 
English-Spanish speaking OK. 
Excoilont living conditions. 
.512)447 1131, evening o weekend 
M r Q Box 49264,Austin Tx 7(743 

SEOO EXEC SECRETARY 
Fee Pd! Sh! flexible duties! 
SPEAKS PE R S O N N E L SRV 
7ot Jackson K oHqt 
(2o1797 
Executive Secretary 
T op lob. good stihd ond typing. g ro a t fu tu re , loo nog otiob>a. raises Rush! 
Century Placement Service 
I S3 VK Century Bldg 349 1373 
E X E C U T IV E 
S E C B E T A R V 
S a la ry open, e x p e rie n c e d No phono c o ils o p p lv in p arso n 
Timely Homos 11315 N. Wesdnar 
Rd Equal opportunity omptoyor 
E xporrencod S ecretary needed 
(mod pay and hours. Coli Theatre of Son Antonio 732-o1o1__________ 

' aggressive agents prefer bi Iraouol. tuff time a 6oS Commissions Ford 
• Excellent working conditions 
• Flenty of Uadi 
YOU W U UXI USI 
M N ANTONIO KUI UT ATI 
Realtors—349-6531 
3231 W IS T A V I. 

Cm Taw OweidyT Contact 

($1?7mJs141 

 bs Van Antonie lf inwUi I# iwdi w a d 

M I T A F O * (M O S T 
CHKM! CALS 
FO, IOX 38)1o l* a * i Opportunity ixagtaya* 

 r 

I 

I 

I 

I 

 i 

A N OPEN 
LETTER 

1259 Jackson Keller 
342-2391 

 im grievously disturb ana distressed about 
C 
‘ ’ present se coif me 

I am ed status d you con satisfactorily e x ­ plore how your lost lob or two got aw ay from you, I rn rah# be able to offer the best tales op­ portunity you ever in­ vestigated, and place you on our payroll by tom orrow 
Aku i i hove some past experience re direct selling too out of town hovel 

Coll wookdoys 
92 4-42 o8 

 y s 
& o 
DO TO EXPANSION 
NOW ACCiPTtNG APPLICATIONS FOR POSITION OF 

A p p lia n c e /Boor sa l** personnel 
Full tim*, some night work. Major compony benefits in­ cluding goronteed salary 

C a ll: M r . S a m T o b i n 
5 1 2 - 7 3 2 - 6 4 o 1 

 with rn .Msflywl 
____ _ 
Mi M Ok toe ti im le w . 
HXM MMI (VS tw-y Mer Mi w 
(U N I OWBfl CO M r**-• ie# *k*l 
7 3 6 - 4 4 2 6 

DEANIE 
OWENS CO. 

HALTOM- M U 

 ittaftVON OFC 

 b i K B ^ T M O A T P L T r 
O u r sales p e o p le m on ond women a r * corning money up to 
535o pot WMH no asp. nee. Need cor and ambition you deserve to hove our now o p p o rtn ity , call 
Tom or B a rt 349 4(47. 349-4397 
Uuvs or SI* *674 Nights 
___ 
Excoilont incom e ava ilab le tai spore tim e w ark 
C all 337-6o94 
(iller i p rn 
E X E C U TIV E VALES FERSON 
E atellan! opportunity for lore# commission incom e tor a u d it* res,dr 'it'd salesperson with GUV 
C H IP M A N , R E A LT O R S Prater 
I individual residing in tho North 
I oast orog Voeciohted tra in in g arguable Please COH RICH AHO 
KRAUSE. M anager, *53 7 341 tor 
I an appointm ent. We h a y * open mgs re the office et n e t: Nocog i doc ne* Ail inguinal confidential 
Guy (Shipman Co 

-T ffS H S T 
Th* led 
Corp*! office on 
Nocogdortm Id. hoi openings now for 3 proiessronol sobs people lf you ore interested rn residential soles rn the choice 
NE area cmd have at bast I yr experience, cab now for con fidenttol interview 
Excellent working tnvironmanl 
Hint 
Oregon $21 SWS_____ 

 r id c a r pet f i t - A i 
’ T T ' 
2 ? ^ ’ 

I would like to moot a man who would Ilk* to be earning tl.M O per month in tho next *o days Call 
M r 
A llen *37-1797, «-1oam or 
4-lpm only 

EXP LEGAL SE C R ETA EV 
M o * card exp required Northsid* o ffice 
S a la ry open. Cart M r * 
Gammill 349-1377______________ _ 

867oo COMPUTER 
SYSTEM FIELD ENGINEER 
B u r r o u g h s 

Must have on* yeor prior t i ptntnra in momtenonre of system 

 ond ossoootod portpfwraH bur­ roughs is on equal opportunity 
•mpbytf (ob 
. 
(512) 226-o2o6 

Bro-Men I, ai E n g in eo rin p te c h ­ nician GS 7-495 bed Medical and 
Surgical Hospital Must have } veors exp onent* of which 3 must be w ecialited re tho field Start mg salary (11.S23 Ample voce lion and sick leave and frin g e benefits Eaual Em ploym ent Op p o rtu n ity 
A g e n c y . 
A p p ly 
Personnel S ervice. VA C enter, 
Tem ple. Tx 765(1 (17 77( 4( 11. 
I 

I Ext 4(2 
_______________ 
; CB R E P A IR M A N 
FCC licensed 
Con S n *i ce Mgr i49-44#5 
PASTE UP ARTIST 
*3 on hour 349 1279 
Service technician for business m achines • e le c tro n ic ond mo it.2;.31 ll------------------- 

6o6 ADMINISTRATIVE 

FINANCIAL 

 w.f.AiT.9«S 

FARM AND RANCH SALES 
Co" J M Cmtiinan, Realtor 

IO * H U N T IN G /( l l Se-, WO Ber n a rd M a id e n * 6 A s s e t 
( S U I 
3 4 )n e t 
S in e * 
1943. N o t O placement agency_______________ j kl SAT TV is now taking aeolic o I tiaas te r Assignment Editor ENG 
C e erd reatar.Jleu ai Opportunity j 
Emwreyer M F 
I 
MALDE F announces Ute ea enmg al a tuM time start attorney pest i 
Iron gs protect director pf e South j t r i l l Prisoners' * i * M Protect. 
Th* position writ include or genu mg and im p lem enting a new ly j founded services program serv- me pnseners et the *e « o r Ceunty ! 
Jail Protect directer will lead a sm e ll p ro g ra m p ro v id in g pm , sonars with pail counseling, coon stim y *« un doc umonfoU workers I facing rmnngrofion chary#* end ar deportation grocodmgs Train reg end super visma a paralegal rn performing duties on benet! et the aio red and tending to the gorrergi legal and paralegal needs el th. prisoners as w ell as p re p a im g pam phlets exp laining m e legal rights el guards and prisoners 
O p en in g d o le : im m e d ia te ly 
Guanin a lien v 
M u ll Po licensed 
Ip p rghee M w in Teens, phi# Ie write clearly, pnmgwei 
Velar negation!* depending en eager write clearly, piim pupi V eterv i*b i* dei ranee le n te n '. Vend resume end 
W I , imp ygmpir b s Jeoputn Avile 
MAL O k * M i H VI M arys, Van 
Anlaare n m 513 TIA 54)6 

Personal Lines Underwriter 
Must have I yrs esp uoderw ril in * persoouf properly and family automobile '.m ary open Cont pc I 
J*frr 
718 Mi!______ 
PHOTOGRAPHY 
ASSISTANT SS9S 
Requires I yeor m u t t * exper ie nee a n * a thor ou*n know led pc el oho top ropily oft sal. WHI U llin* process cem era. O ensitpm oior, waler chiller, porn! light source. | exposer Ira a n etc 
Apply rn person at 
Personnel office 
UT H E A LTH v c ie n c c c e n t s * t n t Floyd Curt Dr 

O O H ± 2 } £ ! i l £ L - 
Prelessional Execwliv* 
Consultanls int I 
Personnel Consu,iu„tv 
4143 IN IE Voile 44* 
> H -7 l4 -tl(l 

SECURITY OFHOERS 
; In te tiia e n t, re s p o n s ib le in a,-,,i^uis i squired tar urn tar mod secwrily M en * r women Com ­ mission. exper tone od preferred 
A P A * IM E N T JOEL OF V 4 
(it lib 
H H W W M W B ft ■ 

SAUS 
MANAGER 

FO! FtOVW MW NMA 

■I ADVWTOM6 UHM 

55oo-51,ooo i>ad - ,-A,A.... rn - -- mwMmtf qfllB i 

 by idaung lire mort now uncap! oyer rn 

 a* 4 $29 5o monthly rental laws 

• Daytime 5*i!inf 

6 R*fw«t I * vin* vt 

• Annua! Inn*real 

Only aspertenced sobs mgnogets eead apply 

ICS GREENE 

(512) 223-4361 

UNUSUAL 
OPPORTUNITY 

DEALER t SALESPEOPLE 

Umqu* ami much nawriMt proku->> void Wtaugh kn*i rtwW«wt. end 

 ether pier* or bunnell is • pin lpm Moduli now bwmg tort rn 

53oo 
KwtH Weekly in new ii moi 
MOO net • al unusurt m yr wile, rn 
• j i b rn i. fem 9pm 

5? 
AVERAGE $3oo WEEKLY 
§ 

Needed Immediately 

J * t n 

 km bid esia*lisbod inturgnc* company neaps a recto person I* sari end service insurance m r re a tta in * Von A n iem o B a te r tone* desired Owl no! necessary 
Proper Homing p re v u e d Vtort rep safety n p fR p p u with * rare* 
•« e weens 
Cen ■ I 
Centai a 
MV 1553 

I a b c v D u T h in k in g et seiim * tho one thing ever vane n eeds- 
Real B ilg ie r We ll tra m lull or p a rttim e 
E asy I * de w ith our sp e c ia l p ro fe s s io n a l tra in in g sc neat -ap asper lance necessary j 
We tarnish alf buyers and sellers tar you end help you gel licenses q u ic k ly 
C e ll 
IN T E R V T A T E 
(2(-disi bi ba m. 
; 
AVON 
EE YOUR OWN E O M VET O U * 
OWN M O U *V- VET YOUR OWN 
INC O u i 
As on Avon Representative you week tar yourself Vet sear own b o a rt, e a rn good m oney 
And 
Avon w ill show you bow tg run veer erne business 

& 5 i8 t c& ----------- vase* rn sn dad b *'s e n Ie* our to lic e eecoMenl earnings 

Door canvasers, appearance. 

< us ire *4*e New Ow* 
Cen iris WI MS to o * 4 IV. bud* 

 must be neat in 

Apply In Person 9-1 Oam 

514 Jones M a ltsb e rg e r 

 jg jg g g g B » g « S 

SALESPEOPLE 

Tired of Knocking Doors? 

Tirod of Running Down Phony leads? 

Oui p*opi( voy than work ti mot* like ploy fora 5!SO 
(omnmvioii par Boy with no tvdmngc oi w*#hend» Fold training 
For fu rth e r In fo rm a tio n , 
Call M r. Luna 

M # ..J * y • A M « » N , lim e d a y f A M l l A M 

S I 2 — 3 4 4 - 4 5 8 1 

Fest grow ing w holotota p o p tr and ip n ilo n o l supply com pony needs am oitiout idles represen lafive who has been calling on local trade or ho i experience rn sales E x cellen t com pany ben etu i Valery and cemmissren Call 
Ronnie tor appl loom Ib m . Mo tarp roper Co t i t H U 

TULI CHARGE 

MANAGER 

(A d 3)5 ieee 

I 
LadiPV S pecially Shop 
Nqrthside location R etail sales 
I experience with Mrsxy customers 
| imper lam Apply only ii vee have 
I p ro v e n soles a b ility 
A d v a n i cement opportunity, in n g a ban 
4 allis, soiory e bonus in te rv lo w 
I with resume 
Coil Miss Taylor lf : »K54fl______ i 
FU N ANO PR O FIT PU»INfcV5 Ii 
—t you arc m duslnaus. can tallow instructions, and desire radopen dent# we m o* have the exact purl lime business loc you Vend a short tarter ta Express News. Be* 
NO 451), 7(197 We Will Cull ll you arc lh * mon I am took ma tar I will lo ath you la sail part lim a 3 evenings per week and earn up la SIMM per month Ca" 
#57 17*7 5 4 H em only 
___ ll you a r* the man I am lees ma tar I will loach vee ta sa" part lim a I evenings per week and earn up ta S D M per month Ca" 
SSI 1797 V C W p m o n ly 
_____ im m ediate opening rn en esleb 
(•shed "re end coiuertv a g e n tv lead s furnished company Item rep with Iring# benefits B eget 
•enc# preferred bul not mondo lory 
EOC 
Contact Jay Tingle 

 l h my-JRg£..Ymst? n n w 
I weald bk* ta meal a man who eoutd lib* ta be earning I ) to t per manta re ta t nest la days Coit 
M I 
A lien t s f ' l f f ) . * K o rn ar 
1 4 Sam ani* 

LEASE AND EA R N 
, 
W* need on experienced leasing 
CQk . R. AijWr agent or w * will Iroin you In our 
” loosing depl Applicants must be lam ,hor with apt industry Inter cited persons must submit a lei tar of references end resume ond also have a current real estate salesmons license Earnings ore dependent en your a b ility ond bord work W ill work rn Austin 
Qualified persons send loiters ond resum es in care of 
Personnel 
Oepl. 1ooo W 
A y*. Austin, TX 
TIBI). 
LOCAL AMW AY D IS T R IB U T E R start now. opportunity far good earnings, you pick lh * hours, we lr am tor inter view colt 45+ 5914 
M anagem ent O pportunity 
No S I$,ooo-135,ooo 
) ) yr *15 54oo.ooo.ooo. Compony 
•sounding into San Antonio area b a t created a nood tor ) mon a p e rs an d 
6 solos re p s 
Advancement Company benofits 
SgiB ffifi tty »2S..**gi. 
N eed ) lic e n s e d R e o l ( s la t e ogents in our Southside office. 
Earn between SU ,ODC and 535 ooo per yeor tm .m g ond selling real estate on a state wide bans No 
•spartone# necessary wilt tram 

JACK MITCHELL ERA 
REALTOR 
$3331o7 
(alw QUARTS!! 
G ro w in g a g a in , n ee d m o re agents ll you wont o chance lo earn ond learn while you grow with us, co" soon 
! 
MAC R E AL ESTATE ( ) ( 35)1 
Furl time lob demonstrating cen la m e r products al re ta il level. must be obi# Ie work weekends ond holiday I Ca" #99 1(4) Equal ggtgittta-lr ifTJLttr.8!_______ 

S3 PER HOUR PLUS commission ie start, coifing en our custom ers Cor necessary 
Must be noel and clean cut 
(to-SEIj 
I 
PH O N E S O LIC ITO R S S3 55 p7r hour, we will Irptn Full h in t and port lim e Cd" between Cam lpm 
W H R 

REAL ESTATE SALES 
Consider mg g change or applying tar licenser Coil mc tar interview 
We o ile r good c o m m is s io n professional fram ing, TV q d v tr filing, mc# office, and ertiiialren with K E Y G RO UP R E A LTO R S 
Rev Carrington Realtor 
« A N E S I fin R E A LT Y H I SKI 

ROUT I SALES 
SOFT OR INK f IR M 
SALARY eC O M M lSS tO N 
G n u reelers w elcom e, .m o " in veitmant required Apply rn per sen only ta r e f t et Arte#! aetat 
I teem et ( IM Director Or f e t a . 
»«v*fb*9 PEHLE*5 
_____ _ 
• ok • e n et vim iv 
► ion VOW* WANI AB ist imi ttF A iv v stuns 
. 
L A IL ) ) ( • lA A A 

R E LIA B L E RESUMES 
W R IT T E N RT AVONASL Y 
499-1 Pi 5 
RE SU M E S—P R O P ! W IO N AL 
SERVICE___________ 
EVA Q'<? 

K E E P THE ROOKS 
WOO 
Goad co needs shore you1 Typo handle pen toe Co" Ann (2SA494 
New Oov Personnel Canille. 9(1 
NE LOOP 41o. Sun* >1*__________ 
LE G A L S E C R E T A R Y who can take charge to business litigation practice ond deal effectively with clien ts 
Good s k ills re q u ire d . 
Votary com m ensurate w ith ax- perience end ability 227 )1»4 

LEGAL SECRETARY 
2 y e a rs 
L e g a l c x p a rig n c a re p a ir** 334-Ito i 
’ LEGAL SE C R ETA RY to to * 
Poised, pretty ond prtoaistanol 
Con Lynn (7(4494 New Oav Par sand Consultants 9o1 NE Leap 41o 
Sulfa VK________________________ 

' LEGAL SECRETARY 
Shorthand required Ca" Mrs a a m ____________________ 
L e v * Your Job* 5(5o W ore for super men in pm sh north side of­ fice Co" Now* Ann (2 (4 4 *4 New 
Day Personnel C a n ille . 9(1 NE 
Loop 41o. Suita Si*______________ 
V C C R fT A B Y ROOK KL L P L * pretar bmnguo,. work tor a tacto 
CPA firm , starling tglo ry (55o 
223-42*1_______ _ 

Secretary tie Paul 
(AWFS7M ta sm rtt 5 day w k’ 
Gloria (34(227 Jab Placements 
E mgioym tm I Set ISH Von Ped, a 
V i C * E T A E V to 
(n e u ro n e * 
Agent Typo SSWPM. dictaphone. copy m achine, m anag e attice 
* ta ta S M Monday Friday Call 
,V>. , H ll,, uppu.nlmeni 
618 OFRglttflUCtt 

COSI ACCOUNTANT 

With college dtgtee 4- a minimum of 3 years *»• perience within a manufac­ turing environment Sgtory 
Si?,OOO to $13,ooo per yeor. 

Please Send Resume and 
Soiory Requirements 

MS. STEWART 

P.O. BOX BH OOI 

Sen Antonio, TX 71284 

 e t Call 735-9392, ast 3/A 

(qual Opportunity Impiety*! 

AUTOMOTIVE 
SERVICE 
CASHIER 
5 day s. must us«| 
1o key odder by touch, benefits, in­ clude profit sharing, to opply cal! Mont 
Rogers 

227.1411 
G il)« *p i« Ford 
23oo Broadway 

 tKT r w ? cmj si vt v i» i i ■ l l 3 yrs e x p a n a n c e M a rth e a s i 
■ a r a * 
E a u a l o p p o rtu n ity em player 
Reply ie E xpress News 
»qx i t l l V A t e r n m 

C O M P I ROLL E R MOTEL 

NaaPad im m ed iately 
H * t* l 
• xptrienca is ntcessary i s ceitanl w orking can dilians 
Goad salary ban*lils. Opgfy rn industry tar advancement 
P ia p e riy is b td u lilu l aniv a v#oi aid and part to a tarp* mo a m i carp 
Far interview 
Cd" 
JO H N R IJO V 
<»U ) m 3411 

Age ti up’ C a rte* opportunity! etui >a*!4 u t j i Job Pipcam pnisj 

N U M V IN O H O M E 
A D M I to IST RATOK 
Wanted ta» tarp* n u *u n * hum# re 
A fed* ■>* Texas k xceltanl fearer v ana banefiis I ipeitanca a m u ll 
Send resume ta 
I A P R I SS NEWS 
•ox 454* 
Spa Aureal* t « tater 
" joe imi flirt ti #i si., * % 
ON 4 W AN' AB 
TWI NuMKte VO C Ai 

ACCOUNTS Receivable clerk tar narlfiitd# business K b e y . typing and »#c civ abu experience need cd Co" (74 *44) i auto appar tun i«Y garfrrtr----------------3 --------------- 
BANK C LER E 
Lite type' Geed advancem ent! 
Cad Brod tai last hire 
Rich A Assoc Em ployment Vrv 
♦MUA M nM M jm m — 

BAHK TRAINEE 
*p p «fi 
» Placet t m e liv r tir t ta r t ile Van Padre 
• IL U N G CLE ER . 1* bey taucb, math ability, "ta tape net m ire# mea ti 
CAREER M IM O iO T 
Leobmp tar an eecifing tutu, a* 
Jem es as a laumretai we otter lemprere lr aming re a" abases to the pcivto* emprevmeto field Ca" 
O E #4*4 New O b * P e rs a n a e i 
Censtta ♦#« NE L ea * * 16, Suit* ilL kth iii. 
____ - 
• C O N O RESOURCES 
Neaps Care#* CansuMpni* 

 i .- _____________ 
. i i i 
I X P E R IE N C IO FU LL CMAOPb 
•G O K K L I P S * b e e yliiw i sat 

S i x t h P a g e 
E x p re s s -N e w s — M o n d a y , M a rc h 1 4 , I 9 7 / 

6o8 SECRETARIAL 
6o8 SECRETARIAL 
8o8 SECRETARIAL 

TW O SECRETARIES 
9 2 A WEEK 
$ 1 

614 SKILLS TRADES 
614 
TRADES 
614 SKILLS TRADES 

H om ecroft Corp — now US Homes of Central Texas. — is a ra pidly expanding 

 land developm ent-residential construction firm . 
We hove 
2 im m ediate 

 secretarial positions fo r hard w o rk in g inte lle ct individuals. 

PERSONNEL SECRETARY — Only secretary in busy northside personnel office. Will receive 

 ond process applications, set up appointments, type, file, process insurance claims, and 

 handle payroll for over IOO employees, plus other personnel functions at clerical level; will 

 report directly to personnel director. Must be able to work well in aggressive atmosphere with constant interruption. Requires strong math aptitude Typing 55 wpm, and IO key by 

 touch an asset. Prefer 2 years experience os receptionist-typist or related clerical field 48 

 hour week, 8-6 Mon. thru Fri., 9-12 Saturday, I Saturday off a month. 

ACCOUNTING SECRETARY - Need individual with strong moth aptitude ond 3 years ex­ 

 perience in bookkeeping, accounting, or math related clerical field to work in Northdiffe 

 office on Interstate 35 between Son Antonio and New Braunfels. Involves bookkeeping ond 

 typing reports. Will report directly to Regional Controller. Type 55 WPM, IO key by touch 

Must enjoy staying busy and working in an aggressive environment. 48 hour week 8-6 

Mon. thru Fri. 9-12 Sot. I Sat off a month 

Both positions offer pay reviews EVERY 6 months, company paid insurance package, 2 week 

 paid vacation, lf interested in one of these secretarial careers call: 
U.S. Home of Central Texas 

349-8o57 
8-6 MONDAY THRU FRIDAY. 

NEW HOME WARRANTY 
SERVICE REPAIRMAN 
$1o JOO PER YEAR 

P L U S 
TH I CK - TOOLS - UNIFORMS 

H om ecroft C orp. now has 2 openings fo r individuals skilled in home repairs. W ill have direct contact w ith hom e owners. 

S tarting p a y $ 4 .5 o per hour, 4 4 hour W eek G UARANTEED, tim e and half over 4 o hours. 

BENEFITS INCLUDE: C om pany paid insurance package, pay and perform ance review every 6 m onths, 2 week pa id va cation, plus tools, truck, uniform s. 

 httr a p p licatio n r a il ro lle d 
5 1 2 — 3 4 9 -8 o 5 7 
( lr M o il Resume To 

 m m m 

 e . o . n o \ l o r n 

 u s H o m e 

S a n A n t o n i o , T e x a s 7 H 2 1 6 

 u s H o m e 

61o Omer 8 CLERICAL 

GENERAL OFFICE 

COLLECTIONS 
Need experienced General Office 
Personnel with some collection background General Office duties involve', filing, interviewing ond working accounts. 

A p p ly in P e r s o n t o 

M r . J u r ic a 

9 A . M . t o 6 P .M . 
LFD/BLEDSOE 
FURN. CO. 

^ 3 1 5 E. C o m m e r c e 

• LEGAL STENOS- 

TYPISTS 

• MTST I MAG 

CARD 

OPERATORS 

W e hove tem porary 

 assignment available now 

 apply today 
M A N P O W E R 

63o Broadway 
274 *251 
•awat opportunity employ* 

NOTICE TO 
JOB APPLICANTS 
Advertisements in these columns cie accepted on the premise that whs offered will be tilled on the basis of merit without dtscnmma lion because of see unless the job is a bonafide occupational qual the Olton 
EMPLOYMENT 
AGENCIES 
The Son Antonio trivote Employ meat Association has o ngtd Code of 
Ethics to which oil its private employment ogenry members subscribe For information about private employment agencies, or ac lion on complaints, coll 224 /8o2 at the Better Business Bureau 

61o OFFIEUClfM 

GENERAL OFFICE 

Require 6C WPM, filing; Transcriber knowledge, adding 

 machine by touch, and bookkeeping knowledge Salary 

 up to S55o per month plus benefits to copable person. 

Submit application af: 

Refrigeration Engineering Corp. 

8799 Crownhill, San Antonio 

An Equal O p p o rtu n ity Employer 

E X P E R IE N C E D 
BODY SHOP FOREMAN 

• Good W orking Conditions 

• Fringe Benefits 

• Commission Basis 

Contact Bruce Rdigley, Sr. 

Smith Chevrolet Co. 
1221 BROADWAY ....... 227-4281 

612 MEDICAL 
612 

D IR E C T O R 
Central Supply/Sterile Processing 

 the University of Texas Medical Bronch Hospitals hos on immediate opening for on experienced Director of (entrol Supply And Sterile Pro­ cessing Eipenenced is required in developing, implementing ond evaluating comprehensive policies ond procedures The successful can­ didate will be responsible for preparing bid specifications, forecasting long range procurement needs and managing a case cart system for 
22 surgical suites Duties include monogement of the inventory, pto cessing, sterilization ond distribution of supplies to hospitals and ditties 

A minimum of 5 years of experience in m anaging sterile processing and central supply in a large hospital is required Bachelors degree in business or health core 

 is preferred 

Please submit resume including salary requirem ents, in confidence, by March 2 5 , 1 9 7 7 , to Kenneth J. W in e , 
Associate 
Administrator, 
The 
University o f 
Texas 
M edical Branch, G alveston, Texas 7 7 5 5 o 

UTMB is an affirm ative action Title IX Employer 

LONE STAR VOLKSWAGEN 

NEEDS A MECHANIC k 
WITH EXPERIENCE 
A 

SEE: BOB DABMEY 

33o3 BROADWAY 

KEYPUNCH OPERATORS 

Minimum I year Experience 
Port Time 
2 Nights A Week 

APPLY IN PERSON 

F R O S T B A N K 

PERSONNEL DEPT. 
IOO W. Houston St. 
Iguel Opportunity em ploy*. 

RN’s 

3-11 Shift 
Part time and full time 
734-7271 

• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
A 

PHARMACIST 
Needed lo manage store in Mathis, texas One mile from beautiful lake Mathis and IS miles from 
Corpus Christi bor Sdary SHOO month plus IO PCT of 
Coll net piofii 

SOUTHWEST 
MUNICIPAL 
SERVICES INC. 
Has Tho Fellowing Openings: w BACKHOE OPERATOR minimum of 2 years on a JO 
3 o o or 
3 1 o 
Bock 
Hoe. 
Prefer with experience with 
Utility 
Contractor. 
, Must have own transportation, salary open. 
A PIPE LAYERS 
(2 openings) — minimum of 
I yeor experience laying 
AC or Cl pipe 6 " or larger, must have own transport­ ation, solary open 

BENEFITS INCLUDE: e Profit Sharing Plan 
• Group Hospitalization 

• life Insurance 

All replies should be made in person, at l l 6 I 2 Perrin 
Bedel 
Call 6 5 6 < 3 1 o for appointment 

(qual Opportunity Implorer 

GUNN 
OLDSMOBILE 

NEEDS 
MECHANICS 

Experienced 
Line and 

Front 
End 
Mechanics 

I Needed 
Good 
Woges, , 

I Fringe 
Benefits, and 

Extras in Modern, Clean 

Shop 

Contact: John Ray 
Gunn 
Oldsmobile 
824-o411 

The 

A r m y 

RESERVE 

 has an opening 

 for YOU 

COMPLETE 

TRAINING 

 for Prior and 

NonPrior Service 

Men 

Ages: 18-35 

• Carpenters and 

W elders 

• Bulldozer O perator 

• Rough Terrain fo rk ­ 

 lift Operator 

• Surveyor 

• Mechanics 

• M any More^ 

CAU 433-9372, OR 

MAIL COUPON TODAY 

TO: STC JOf GUAJARDO 
SOO Colloghon Bood 
Sen Antonio, Ti. 7I22S 
Ph.: 433-9372 

Nam. 

LARRY STRICKLAND 
S I 2 -5 4 3 -4 8 7 1 
MON FRI 
OR 
SI 2-729-7347 
SAT AND SUN 
NO PHONE CALLS 

G E N E R A L O F F IC E F E E RD 
A v e r a g e t y p i n g 
S o m e a c c ts p a y a b le -re c e iv a b le Cat) R u th 
R ic h A Assoc E m p lo y m e n t S rv 
684oA Son P e d ro 836 o.61 
G E N E R A L O F F IC E 
P re fe r co s w a lty in s u r a n c e b a c k g r o u n d 
C oll B e e ry A g e n c y , 346 4494 
IM M E D IA T E O P E N IN G S 
R e c e p t. J r 
( e e l y . , a c c o u n t s c le rk C a ll R u th 
R ic h A A ssoc E m p lo y m e n t S ry 
684oA Son P e d ro >26 o46' 

A S A I TV is now ta k in g a p p iic a lio n s to r a n A c c o u n ts R e c e iv a b le 
B o o k k e e p e r 
E a u o l O p p o rtu n ity 
E m p lo y e r M F , 

 la b r a t o r y needs ty p is t ca p a b le ot e x tre m e a c c u ra c y w ith m in im u m 
SO W P M . s o la ry o pe n d e p e n d in g || upon ty p in g s k ill S ta rt im m e d io ii toto . Cr ! 7M-7VS4. 
L O C A L L A N D S U R V E Y O R h a s ! n e e d o f o ff ic e s e c r e t a r y w ith a b ility to do so m e lig h t d ra ttin g f u l l o r p a r t tim e 
C o n ta c t B iti 
M c C lo te h y od H O ITT>___________ 

N eed e x c e lle n t re c e p tio n is tty p is t a n d d ic ta p h o n e 
N ic e w o r k in g c o n d itio n s 
SSOO to s t a r t 
M u s t ty p e a t to a s t /O w pm C a ll K a re n 
M M H l 
PART TI ME 
T E L E P H O N E P E O P L E 
•M o n d a y F rid a y 
•P le a s a n t w o rk in g c o n d itio n s 
• S ta rt w o rk im m e d ia te ly 
•E a r n in g s u n fu n d e d 
M r . M o c k 
712-2111 j 
F O R T C L A R K S P R IN G S 

I PERSOM OFFICE S6oQ ~ 
N s id e co needs e x p w ith a tt a ttic e d u tie s L ite books 
S P E A R S P E R S O N N E L SRV 
2o / J a c k s o n R o tte r tit 17*7 

PHONE COLLECTOR 
W o rld w id e c o m p a n y needs (m in 
I y e a r ) e x p e r ie n c e d c o lle c to r w ith goo d tele p h o n e v o ire , s a la ry p iu s m o n th ly b o n u s 
P e rm a n e n t p o s itio n w ith a d v a n c e m e n t, c o ll 
M rs W BR#. 3 4 M IH . 
P U B L IC C O N T A C T 
N e ed J* P re to r m a tu r ity a nd good ty p in g C o lt B re d R ic h A A s s o c 
E m p lo y m e n t S ry 
X846A Son » » d K j 826 o641 

R E C E P T IO N IS T M a tu re la d y to r o c c lu s iv e , fa s h io n a b le a p a rtm e n t 
< a m p le « a u to m o b ile 
T y p in g re q o tr e d T H h o n * w e e k in c lu d in g S u n d a y s 
( a c e ile rn p a y p lu s frin g e b e n e fits 
/ / l l B ro a d w a y 
R IC S P T tO M IS T 
F a n ta s tic cg g re a t boss SSOO C e ll 
I y n n 8 /6 64o4 N e w D a y P e rs o n n e l 
C o n s u lta n ts N il N E L oop 416 S ud* 
SIB 
_________ _ 
HI < k R t lO N ls r ' . t e n t IA U i 
F a n t a s tic c a n e e d s e n e r g e t ic ; v iv a c io u s y o u SS66 C e lt L y n n 
• 2C -4494 N o w D a y P e r s o n n e l 
C un sits 
TCI N E L oo p 418. Sud# 
J U _____________________________ 
R E C E P T IO N IS T UCC 
P o is e , p e rs o n a lity , g e ts you top spot N o rth s id e lo c i A nn 128 64*4 
N e w D a y P e rs o n n e l C ensus TCI I n e L o o p e tc , s u ite Ste________ 

SMAII IOMI Off ICE 
( r e d d c o lle c tio n c le rk , ty p e 4 o -i 
I d a y s . s a la r y p iu s B p n u s 
E x p p r e f e r r e d , b u t w ilt t r a m s i ) 
___________ 
S P E N C I A I 
N e ed I Okk p i s. we n g v # th e b est lo b s 
( c l i B r e d R ic h A A s s e t 
F triples m eal E re 

 j M s f l a p u u i J M i 

Registered lo b Tech 

OR 
C L A for challenging (ob in small 
Hospital SO miles from San An tonic Coll Collect 

ADMINISTRATOR 
FRIO HOSPITAL 
1-334-3671 

’AIDES* 
•RMS LVNs 117,311 
Non sm oker please a p p ly IC - ll 
H illside Manor 81)o Gaud Lane 
821-o6o4 
DENTAL h y g i e n i s t 
Modern, propressiye. pre ve n tive dental ortice in northw est San An tonio needs hygienist tor I days a week Modern equip ond hum an istle staM otter ideal w o rk in g si­ tu a tio n 
W ould p re to r p re v io u s experience and applicant m ust be good com m unicator Please send re s u m e to E x p re s s N ew s Box 
45 JC. S A />22o_________________ 
LIV E IN COMPANIONS 
M ature ladies to care tor the in valid or e ld e rly E a rn on e xce l­ le n t s a la ry , p a rt a r lu ll tim e 
Room ond board paid weekly No toes RN supervision 
PLEASE CA LL 224 2341 
Work w ith pride and respect work tor H om em akers Upiohn i- . ii,- 
.ipp.,1 tu n -!, r ill ok. * " ' 

WN NEEDED 
Alt shins l i t . I IT I i Apply in person SI Benedict Hospital ond 
N ursm p Home South A tam e at 
Johnson 222 o u t fia u a i O eeor tum ty Em ployer 

WN RELIEF 
7-> ppd u t m ot M 
M E D ICA L OC NT AL 
See Sunday s od, m ony tops 
OR PERSON NEL 
Oak Hills Mod Bldg 6*6 v t to 
M edical Denial Em p Serv 

Medical Rucords 

• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 

L V N ’ s 
AU SHIFTS 

 fu ll Time 

Norm andy Terrace, 

Inc. 
648-o1o1 
841 Rice Rd 

• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 

PHYSICAL TH ERAPIST tL P T ) w a nte d to r p riv a te d r I o ffic e 
( P M A R J in the South Texas 
M edical Center F ull tim e or w ill start p art tim e and advance to full tim e in 1-2 m onths Call Wm T 
Blossom, MO Vt* OS/2 
P o s itio n a v a ila b le to r ASCP 
Registered m edical technologist 
E xperience necessary in Heme to io g v and a u to m a te d in spum onis Salary com m ensurate w ith e x p e rie n c e C o n ta c t M rs 
H arbor. OTC-TICS tor confidential I 
H tU rvtP W . 
J 

RECEPTIONIST 
Loom mod office procedures 
I 
Good phone persona lity I type 
SPEARS PERSON NEL SRV 
IUf Jackson Keller 
C t! I2T2 
RN tor alternating weekends Ex porioncod Aides, alt shifts C all 
ATC TT/4 between Tom tom 
BN S N E E D E D 
ICU CHARGE 
N u rsttin d trs 228-831 1 
RN to w ork re lie f, a ll s h ifts in sm all hospital SC M ilos (rom Son 
Antonio It interested please call 
Ad m inistra tor Collect 
1 224 241/ 
San A n to n io H e a lth S e rv ic e s 
Placem ents. Inc , C4 N E 
Loop 
4ic Suite I2 IE . M * C IU 
W onted L A B O R A T O R Y TE C H 
NIC I AN tar ph ysicia n s cro u p in 
Uvalde. Texas. No weekends, No m o tifs R o fo ro n c o s a n d e x p e r ­ ience repaired Colt 224 1274. Ask tor E xt 2SS tor in fo rm a tio n 
W a n te d • P r o g r e s s iv e y o u n g ternate LVN to relocate near V ic­ toria tor R esocioiuation P ro g ra m tor young g irl Send responses to the E xpress end News. Box No. 
I CSU. TMW 
_____________ 

NEED IMMEDIATELY 

URGE HOMEBUILDER- 

DEVELOPER 

Inventory control specialist. 

Experience in inventory con­ 

 trol of building materials 

 helpful. Coll 
TOM HON 

655-442o for Appt. 

HELP! 
MECHANIC 
WANTED 
All round mer how tor cot lot 
Must be obit to do tuns Ups. 
Vol** lobs Overhauls, Ait con droning, Clutch, broke lobs, tiro balancing and Changing 
TRADE 
WINDS 
AUTO SALES 
3oo3 S.W. MILITARY 

TRUCK DRIVER for out of town runs on small trucks Daytime and some night driving Goad pay orth overtime 
Very goad benefits, must have 
Comm Ut, goad driving record, ond ba permanent 
Coll 226-5334 

 or make appt, at 

43S OM Seguin Rd. 

BODY SHOP 
MANAGER 
★ SAURY OPEN ★ 
(loped Ow Exponent#) 
A RUNGE l f N o m A 
Contort Charlie OHRN 
BIG COUNTRY 
FORD SALES 
BOOM 777-ABA I 

SEAMSTRESS 
W ith Jailor shop pi parlance hr all typos | j of a lteration s, ox callant tahr/, hos 
I pitahalion, 
Uh rn 
| suronco, paid voce j lion, excellent working 
I conditions 
APPLY AT 
Alterations I 
Tailoring C onttr 
8311 Broadway 
KM p.m. 

TRUCK DRIVERS 
Comm tic re q u ire d ! Age i i up! 
JoAnn 824-o227 Job Placem ents 
E m ploym ent Ser. S314 Son Pedro 

W A N T E D 
A n te n n a in s ta lle r a n d re la te d service Steady em ploym ent An­ tenna Specialty E nterprises. 43o5 
N. McCullough. 826-2343. 
W an ted 7 P a tro lm a n -4 2 hrs-$4 hour, good d riv in g reco rd , dog handling exp re q u ire d and w illin g to relocate to Houston. 349-1346 
9am-7pm _________________ 
Warehouse Delivery 
M ust be neat and c le a n in ap peorance local references. Apply in Person: 
O 'K rent Floor Covering 
3oo Son Pedro_______ 

 r n 
HHP W W W 
MISCELLANEOUS 

BZU HUP WMH LU 
62o 
Help 

 miscellaneous Miscellaneous 
Wanted 

W AR E H O U S E M A N : Only exper ie n ce d need a p p ly 
In v e n to ry control, truck loader and checker. 
A p p ly a t 
T e x a s 
B e v e ra g e 
P a c k e rs 
4238 
D ir e c to r 
D r. between 8om-5pm M on-Fri._____ 

WAREHOUSEMAN 

Full tim e hou rly woges 
R eceiving, cutting, and fillin g orders 
REG AL PLASTIC SU PP LY 
_____________661 8291__________ _ 
WILSON IN T E R N A T IO N A L 
84 NE LOOP 41o SUITE HOE 
512-249 1411 

ASSISTANT MANAGER- 
MANAGER TRAINEE 

Fast grow ing hill country g ro ce ry chain is in need o f q u a lifie d persons to train fo r grocery 

 m anagem ent. 

HARO WORK - LONG HOURS 

W ill lead to a successful and fu lfillin g 

 position. 

•dr Excellent o p p o rtu n ity For advancem ent 

■dr Com pany benefits 

•dr Paid Vacation 

C a ll 6 9 8 - 1 o 3 3 f o r a p p o i n t m e n t 
PBI SUPERMARKETS 

E qual O p p o rtu n ity E m p lo ye r 

GENERAL 
LABORERS 
Laid aff? 
In between perm anent lob? 
Then apply at Manpower 

 lf you hove a hom e phone and cor, you con be sent to te m p o ra ry jobs from your home. 
I day to I m onth assignm ents. 
A pply Today 
MANPOWER 
HMPOrtAPv SE Bt VtCtS 
ASO Broadway 
774 9753 

 e q u a l o p p o rtu n ity e m p lo ye r 

616 FOOD DRINK SERVICES 

FRONTIER 
ENTERPRISES 
DINNER-HOUSE 
DIVISION 

Is accepting applications for: 

• Busboys • Busgirls 
• Waiters • Waitresses 
• Hosts 
• Hostesses 

Apply In Perron 

Montdoy-FHdoy, 
8:3o a.r n .-4:oo p.m. 

852o CROWN HIU BLVD. 

C 
$ T 
S 
X 
S 
X 
$ X 
5 1 S 
X 
S 
J [S 
X 
$ M 
$ ^ 

■A 
TELEPHONE SOLICITORS 

Tjjl 
Experienced 

^ 
Needed Immediately 

Good salary 4- bonus 

^ 
A p p ly In P e rs o n 9 - 11 a m 

11514 Jones Molfsberger 

S I S r $ j r s x * * $ 

THE WORLD’S LARGEST 

TRAINING SCHOOL 

IS HIRING 

We hove over 7oo kinds of jobs we ll pay you to learn lf you 

 qualify, you'll start of S374 a month (before deductions) loin 

 the people who Ye joined the 
Army 

CALL ARMY 

OPPORTUNITIES 
229-5o14 

B A R T E N D R E S S 
A N O 
C O C K T A IL W A ITR E S S E S need ed. some expe rience nece*»ory, 
The Comic Strip, apply in person at 25o7 Goliad Rd Call 233 2o53 or 
533-8788 fo r appointm ent 

PART TIME 
$ 1 1 o PER WEEK 

W e Need 15 people to w ork evenings 6 to 
IO p m . 
In Early W a rn in g 
Fire 
D etection 
Field, no experience necessary. W ill train . 
N eed transportation. 

By A p p o in tm e n t O n ly 
1oo1 PAT BOOKER RD. 
6 5 9 - 1 3 1 1 e x t . 6 
4 5 4 5 C e n t e r v ie w 
7 3 5 - 6 1 5 1 » e x t . 8 

M AN between 3S-45 fo r ge rm a n eof yard and general duty w o rk t w ith la rg e a p l c o m p le x 
No d rifte rs or d rin ke rs 
A pply 
116 . 
V A N D E R H E C K_________________ 
N E E D E D AT ONCE 
P o ri tim e leasing agent, app rox 
JO h rs w e e k ly , in c lu d in g s o m e * weekends. M ust hove re fe re n ce s*- o n d t r a n s p o r ta tio n 
349 2722 . 
P ointers M ilt Apts 
N E E D E D IM M E D IA T E L Y 
; G as c o m p re s s o r o p e ra to r m e c h a n ic , m e te r m o n fo r 
I independent gasoline plant, boos­ ter station and m eters. Located at 
P earsall, Texas. Call M r Russell •» 
Wells, at 517-334-4518 or M r. S i 
Burns 915-682-76311______________ 
Need people in m y office fu ll tie d a y o p e n in g s a n d p a r t tim e nights. Phone p ersona lity a m ust 
Apply at 2oo3 Son Pedro, Room 8 

B artendress wonted p a rttim e , i m ix drinks, apply in person The 
B u rnt O range Club. 1235 Comden. 
Ask for E rnie 
_____ 
_____ 

Need 2 T ru c k Stop A tte n d a n ts - 
S e rvice M en, n ig h t s h ift, 5-day w e ek. m a tu re , w illin g w o rk e r, p e rm a n e n t lob 
T e x a c o T ru c k 
Center Gas ond Eat T ruck Stop 
Stort 566o m onth A ll A p plications to A.J PlOCh Oil Co 5747 D ie trich 
Rd. 4-5pm daily fo r in te rv ie w No phone calls please.______________ 

PA R T T IM E 
Due to expansion we hove open 
In g s th a t m u s t be f ille d 
Im m e d ia te ly 
No e x p e rie n c e necessary. 342 5228_____________ 
P o rt tim e or fu ll tim e. a ttra c tiv e young todies fo r escort and tour service. Inte rn a tio n a l E sco rt and 
Tour Agency 1ooo2 M cC ullough 
341 o525 
C A S H IE R 
A N D 
C O U N T E R 
H E L P , a d v a n c e m e n t p o s s ib le . p o rt tim e and fu ll tim e p e rm a n ­ ent. good disposition, easy smile, frie n d ly e n v iro n m e n t, a p p ly in person 7-4 pm M ondov-S aturday. I 
Sea Island Shrim o House, 122 W 
R ector across fro m N orth Stor i 
M O H 
______________________________ 
C O CKTAIL W AITRESSES 
AN D W AITER S for new French style resta ura nt 
Call 824 4592 ( lOom-4: 3opm Mon 
F ri. only) 
C o oks 
H e lp e r fo r 
M e x ic a n 
Restaurant. 
Call o fte r 
3PM 
43S-44I1. 
____________________ 
D A N C E R S needed, too w ages 
Coll atter 2pm 6*9 TOBI 
E x p e rie n c e d B a rte n d e r s ond 
W aitresses wanted fro m W ednes dov th ro u g h S unday n ig h t 7-2. 
N o rtheast lo cation, ca ll 126-91o4 
(or m ore in fo rm a tio n __________ 

ALL EMPLOYED 
EARN UP TO $ 6 .o 7 PER HR. 
National company needs 

Men ond women to work in marketing ond installation department. No experience necessary. Will train. 

In t e r v ie w By A p p t. O n ly 
1oo1 Pat Booker Rd. 
6 5 9 - 1 3 1 1 e x t . 6 
4 5 4 5 C e n t e r v ie w 
7 3 5 - 6 1 5 1 , e x t . 8 

PARTTIME 

EXPERIENCED FLAME 
FOOD WAITER 
Patio Room, M enger Hotel 
F U L L TIM E 
OR PART TIM E 
H E LP W AN TED 
Apply In person 
8 : IO-1 lo rn 
2-5pm 
B IL L M IL L E R BAR BD 
135 S WW W hite Rd 

BOOTMAKER 
OFFERS EMPLOYMENT 
. 
OPPORTUNITIES 
Due to expansion e t we luting experienced 
• Stitchers 
• Bootmakers 
• finishers 
• Fotchmen 
Hospitalization Insurance fold Vocation I 
Holidays ofter 6 months 
Job Sec'Tity. no toy offs 
S day week some overtime ovorloble if Qualified, apply rn person of 
LUCCHESI BOof COMPANY 

Ita lia n G a rd e n s -w a iti ess, 4 IO pm. 5 days, 2747 S WW W hite Rd 
NIGHT B A R TE N D E R needed for 
O xtail Lounge at S tarcre st Loop in p e rso n ____________ 
NIRHTIME COOKS i 
E xp e rio n co d d in n e r cooks Top wages, good hou rs and w o rk in g conditions P erm anent tabs Con to ct M aurice F e rre tl 
MY PLACE RESTAURANT 
__________344 6714_________ j 
PART T IM E H E LP 
DAY or EV E HOURS 
Apply in person only 
B IL L M IL L E R BAR BO 
West Ave at Jackson K e lle r 
E qual o pp ortunity em ployer 

T E A R O O M M A N A G E R 
Need e xp e rie n ce d m a n a g e r tor g r o w in g te a ro o m b u s in e s s . 
225-1161 between * a rn .-I p m .. 
M ondo* F rid g y _________________ 
W AITRESS A BUS BOYS 
K IT C H E N H E LP 
A p ply in person o r ca ll H u n g ry 
I d o rm e r S ill Son P edro 142 TTO 
W aitress fu ll tim e Los Mesquites. 
>o7 M oursund apply utter 5 
W AITRESS wonted, experienced. 
I apply in person fro m 4 pm 7 pm 
Stockm an 
Restaurant, ece fc 
Comm erce 

WHATABURGER 

N eeds p e rm a n e n t fu ll tim e men ond women tor new Aus tin Hwy R estaurant A pply rn p e rs o n 
I S I/ A u s tin H w y 
IO-4pm only 
No phone coils please 

WHATABURGER 

N eeds p e rm a n e n t fu ll tim e men ond women 
A pply in person 
4127 Naco P e rrin No phone calls please 

CARRIERS WANTED 
SMALL BICYCLE ROUTES 
LARGE MOTOR ROUTES 
FOR T H I S A N A N T O N IO N E W S 

C A N E A R N $ 5 o T O $ 2 5 o PER M O N T H 
S.A.C. AREA 
From A shby to C om m erce & A la m o to N o Flores 
CAU N O W — CAN CARN PRIZES— 
EXTRA CASH— MOVIE PASSES— TRIPS— 
TICKETS JO LOCAL EVENTS ETC. 
FOR FURTHER INFO CALL 
2 2 5 - 7 4 1 I , lit. 131-between B OO a m « S OO p m. 

An E q ual O p p o rtu n ity E m p lo ye r 

S e v e ra l sa le s c le rk s c h e d u le s open Some re ta il ond re g is te r experience pre fe ra b le P o lygraph e x a m r e q u ire d 
M ilit a r y w et com e Apply Don s A Ben's 6oo3 
W est Ave at Loop 41o. ask to r 
W ayne W yatt 
Petted lob for m other who wants o a rt tim e ca re e r! Need occurote 
5o-6o WPM typ ist Past typ in g ex 
I perience required H ours can be j arranged. Call 734-7954__________ 
I P E R S O N W HO W O U L D L IK E 
GOOD S P A R E T IM E IN C O M E 
N E E D E D TO T E S T M O N E Y 
M A K IN G P LA N Send short letter or resum e to 
E xp ress News Box 
No 4524, 7C7T7__________________ 
I PHONE S O LIC ITIN G 
F u ll tim e 
I H o u rly p lu s c o m m is s io n 
C o ll j 349-o329, Ash for Ann 
P lu m b in g m a te ria l p ric e c le rk 
I P o rt tim e , m u s t h o v e re c e n t i experience. 826 2331 or 826-oo4/ 
PR ODUCTIO N PACKERS 
Need 3' Good Ce. C oll B ro d tor fast hire 
Rich A Assoc E m ploym e nt Srv 
6C4oA Son P edro 826 o661 
Shaklee d is trib u te rs , fu ll or o a rt tim e , v ita m in s a n d fo o d sup piem ents, the healthy way of lite 
349 8211, 341 >796 
___________ _ 
Shaklee N ature* V itam ins, spare tim e soles business 684-456o 

APARTMENT 

HOUSE 
CARRIERS 

AREAS: 

• Evers Rd ond Wurzbach 

• Vorue Jackson ond 41o 

Work 3:oo A.M. To 
6:oo A.M. 

$2oo TO $3oo per pie 

 ex according ta route sue. 

CeN IO OO a m. ta 7:oo p m. 

2 2 5 -7 4 1 1 , Est. 112 

 ar COO pm ta BOO pm. 

6 7 3 -1 4 6 7 

An (quai Opportunity Employer 

♦ 
♦ 

ASSISTANT ^ 
MANAGER + 

6 
TO JOIN LARGE 
♦ 

6 M ANAGEM ENT H R B # 

♦ 337-4241 ♦ 

♦ 
♦ 
♦ 
♦ 
♦ 
♦ 
♦ 

E x p e rie n c e d aas a tte n d a n t, e x ­ cellent benefits opply in person of 
F edm art. Leap 41o and Vance 
Jackson ____________ 

LOCO s of Jobs 
2oo Choices j 
Q uality now earn and le arn 
| 
GO AR M Y 2 22 o1? or 653 o892 

STUBE MANAGER 
I F o r D u P o n t S to re in H o u sto n . 
! T exa s E x p e rie n c e n e c e s s a ry , i S o la ry p lu s p e rc e n ta g e of net 
- p ro fit, e x c e lle n t w o rk in g condi- 
I lions M ail resum e to: 4ooo 8 A ir 
I line. Houston, Tex 
77o22 or coll 
I 713 71 IT 
_ 
. 
TE LEPH O N E SOLICITORS 
- Split shift. 3o hour week, ho u rly i w age, not sales w o rk , a p o lv in p e rson at 344 W Com m erce 
I Texaco Tex M o rt no 12 sell ser- 
I v ie * s ta tio n . N a co g d o ch e s Rd past T ho usands O aks O r. New 
I lo c a tio n o p e n in g s o o n !! N eed m a n a g e r ond 4 p a rttim e o fte n 
I d o n ts , p e rm a n e n t lo b A ll ap 
I p lic a tio n s to A .J. P lo ch O il Co 
I 5747 D ietrich Rd 4 5pm da ily for in tervie w No phone colls please 
Texas A rm y N ational G uard Sig 
I na) C o m p a n y nee ds p r io r and non p rio r s e rv ic e O p e n in g s in m ony Holds P rie r service up lo 
SICO per weekend Non p rio r HRO while in iro in m g . 226 2o1o_______ 

• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 

TRAVEL EARN, LEARN 

E xp e rie n ce d tire changer, excel lent pox ond benefits /36 4129 
E xpenenced Masseuse to w ork in beauty salon, 734 o411___________ 

FASHION TWO HENTY 
C o sm e tics p o rt tim e a v a ila b le 
M otu re w om on only Coll 344 UTI 

RRA or ART 

Must h a v e geed 87*4666 
I yfttna ream ae m-M Alk 

Nan sm oker please ap p ly IC l f 
Hillside Manor HIO Gault Lone 

M ED IC A L LECHE TA R V tor set# in te rn is t in Oak H ills M e d ic a l 
Building, m ust be experienced in m edical term in olog y, typing and bookkeeping M onday 
F rid a y. 8 am 5 pm. salary open references le u u ned 6*6 ZHI 
___ 
M f GIC A t TR AN S C R IB ER pesi lien avoilobte in Northside acoup p ra c tic e 
E x p e rie n c e a m u s t, salary open Celt M rs E rv in al 
6*C-*tCS tar confidential interview 

NURSES 

.."rjr/a v 
W HOL B I A L I D IS T R IB U T O R loc •••«! lu g * P i H im on Rd m et IN 
J) needs G irl F rid a y tar penal ai a ttice w a rk M u st Be > u n g e n ia l 
• a d need rn appear acne * w a rk m g h o p e s I i i 4 J I M o n d a y 
F r id a * P ra ter a p a lit urn ta de 
I i 15 p e d n e e s m o k e r 
( e l l 
C l o k a s e n te r p r is e * . 641 i t a l a* aal H H Her utter stew 

Jem The Nation s Leader 

We have a ttic es in ever f t c itie s e n d h ave e m p lo y e d mara than 57 4oo hearth care w orkers m the i«si year 
We are lh« nations leader 
Because 

•C em petitive n ub tv 
.In te l e s lm t assignm ents 
.F le x ib le schadotrag 
•Supervised wark conditions 

F in d aa Why wa ara num ber ana inter new end see it you quality M any rater OSM*# o n I# nm .H H ara nam u»uiiu bt* m cla dine heme care end p rive t# duty 
Pat a per se«#i in te r view tam 

224 2341 

W ark With Br cd# w o rk 
Nm rasped a rs 

 termly em ptor#! 

614 skills nim : 

B E A U TIC IA N , fu ll tim e w ith tai to wine. 
Callaghan 
Rd 
Satan, tee lis t 

BEAUTY OPERATORS 
E xp e rie n ce , lull tim e unit p a rt tim e 
K E L L E Y S , 
M o t A rth u r f ir ta e t! i i c i . r n c h i 
BODY M AN 5 yrs exp ta de car body wark t i l 8241 413 4241 
BURGLAR A L A R M IN S T A LLE R needed im m e d id te ly G eed piN on ly these w ith b u rg la r a la rm 
L « iff j8 " a at t * rn* J a t u t L 
B u sy 
S o lon n e e d s 
H A IR 
DRESSER to lake ever clientele 
H i .LB J___________ 
Cabinet m aker needed im m edia tety. 3 yrs esp ar m ere ( n it 8 ta 5 
Ma# T ri - f t ) CICI 
CARPENTERS 
R e s id e n tia l C o n s tru c tio n 
____________ 349 1544____________ 
Com dia eden Aul# Arr co nd itioner in s ta lle r end S tereo R a d io In s la tie r 
Tap p a y , in s u ra n c e available 
Con 
M r 
N ew hall 
>344117 
CUSTOM VAN F A IN T E R 
H o u s to n V a n C e n re rs ip n Ce needs ceston punnier 
M u tt be 
, e x p e rie n c e d e n d c a p a b le b t d u a lity w a rk A n aheim P e e r# # lien in dustry SIC A D P D HOU* l f * '« > t |l» 4 * i4 / 
____________ 

 m u s t b r nu 
P le n t y e t w e lt peed pay 
* » * i, rn person 

Duplicating Equipment 
OPERATOR SSS6 Mo 
F ra te r t veer expe rience in the operation end m aintenance et eft set ond bindery equipm ent W ill u tilite 125o tCSC. p o w e r c u tte r and d rill. IM plate m aker etc 
Apply in person at 
Personnel Office 
UT H E A LT H SCIENCE C E N TE R 
77C1 Floyd C u rl Dr 
E qual O pportunity E m p lo y ,, 

EXPERIENCED FITTER 
M ust hove experience es o titte r tor Indies opp a ret shop E xcetlent b e n e fits, s a la ry open 
A p p ly in p e rs o n M e n g e r S m a rt S h o p , 
N orth Stor Mott 

E X P E R IE N C E D 
' M A IR - 
DRESSER wanted Geed w o rkin g conditions 
Colt 
644 1124 ar eAc-m i . 
' 
S xpenenced Shampoo G irl 
Other duties required . T hursday, 
: F rida y and Saturday, good w ork 
•nu conditions, newly redecorated shop. N o rth e rn H ills S h o p p in g 
Center. Casa Linda H a ir Fashion ask far 
Tee. 453-HCC. arter a. 
W M W _____________ 
E x p e rie n c e d gas o r d ie s e l M e chantcs, apply rn person, M ission 
Ice and Fuel Com pony. 11o6 E fiX U U H L 
_____ 
E xperienced sculptu red nails or list, established clientele in exclu sue Solon att //TS 
E x p e rie n c e d e q u ip m e n t o p e ra tors. dozers, s c ra p p e rs lo aders and rollers. 
M o rt 
R o ile d 
Co 
ESI 6S3B. 
E xp erienced H y d ra u lic m er hun ic. m ust hpvu own touts Apply in person Salary according Ie axe 
41 Isom Rd Surfy I1--*. 
E xp e rie n ce d H a irs ty lis t w anted 
In te rn a tio n a l h a ir d e sig n 2451 
H u rry W urzbuch CM 3541 
I K F E R IE NC E D 
M E L IA R C 
W E LD E R M r kitchen euuipm unt lu b ric a tio n lo p s a la ry and ben yRtk. CRM M I BOSS 
E A F E R 11 NC E Lr 
H E A V Y 
E Q U IP M E N T ANO W A U K E S H A 
E N G IN E R E P A IR M A N . CRH ja c k ie R rawn ut c ie 725* fur ae 
O p p o r tu n ity 

’ F irs t cRi'ss aute cla ss in s ta lle r I needed, re fe re n c e s and e x p e r ranee necessary SC OO per hour start, apply 2/oo Travis. Houston. 
Tx or coll 711 526 HSC__________ 
U B S I CLASS J O U R N E Y M A N 
E L E C T R IC A N N e eded 
F r e tit snaring 
734 225* 
U nited 
Rid# 
Service* 

FITTER SEAMSTRESS 
E xperienced, todies apparel Ex cedent benefits Apply in person. 
Menger Sm art Shop. N orth Stor 
; MpB 

FLORAL DESIGNER 
Apply in person 5214 Broody,ny 
F u r n itu r e re p a ir and to u c h u p p e rs o n 
F o rtu n e . E x p e rie n c e p re fe rre d 
Ne S m e k in c 
G eed 
Fay 
FISH ER S 
USE NE L **» 

A Inspectors 

★ Sewing Machine 
Operators 

EXPERIENCED ONLY 
CMT CORP 
227 Lone Star Blvd. 
226-5526 

I 
| l 
I 
I 
I 
I 

GENERAL MAINTENANCE some knowledge et painting, cor pantry and m asonry w ork 
7347271________ _________________ 
H A IR D R E S S E R w ith a s p e r- ranc*. apply at 6571 Bandera Rd iJ L L U !_______________________ _ 
H A IR D R E S S E R w o n te d w ith some tedewmp 431 M>6, 73S ICI? 
Heavy Equipm ent O perators 
Finish B iod* Men 
Dum p Truck D riva rs 
_____________ 1264141____________ 

Heavy Equip. Mechanic rvice, rebuild chi field gas cd 

226-5526 

N ap In Cutting Dept. 
[up. Skirt and Pauls 
Markers 
5 day 4C nr week. gaud salary, ad b e n e fits , tre e p a r k in g 
A p p ly 
F m e td ve r M fg Ce 
_________ U t C gm prgn St 
Need person expe rienced in die ce! and gas engine assem bly ana repair and ad around shoe w ark 
| 224 m s 

OPTICAL LAB 
D e lia s la b n e td t y l ond m e ta l m o u n te rs, alee le n s p u lle rs lf in te re s te d w rite R o y a l O p tic a l 
1*42 Irvin g Blvd Dados. Tx 75247 
( V O O * t i f f 

JIM S COFFEE SH O P 

Is Now Accepting 

Applications For 
WAITRESS tk 17 a u ie tfh l— 7 e m shift 
* Excel!#"! benefit I dr Generous starting salary 

Apply in par san la Sandy Coder 

41o8 Broodwoy bd ha ta n 8 a.m .-3 p.m. 

TEST CAR DRIVERS 
* Minimum AGI 2S yeors at tM if 
* Good driving record requited 
Cr Day or nigh* driving 
* Valid Tern Driver * beent* 

'equity* 
CdN o 4 2)1o ext TBT 
AUIQEkOTM BfUARCH 
ASSOCIATES. IPK 
An (quel Opportunity Employe' 

Church Custodian 

 r n 
Hem 
Miscettaneous 
Warned 

Cor vice. 
^ ■ p o s cern 
Cl 1 4 X 2 

P o s itio n open to r e x p e rie n c e d heir presser 674 I To I M 

HYDRAULIC HOIST 
MECHANIC ■ 

Fest Letters fence b uilde rs post lie n s a v a ila b le im m e d ia te 
W U U 
" 4 
__________________ 

N e e x p e r ie n c e 
■ U M M !, necessary, CBN 

 pointm en! 
E w R tfT fr 
Equal 

 astrals* -mu amati 

I epee ra in e d sem i tra ile r Bump tru ck d riv e rs EOA 497 1711 

EXP IRON WORKERS fu r p re c a s t c o n cre te end ste e l t 't t H * * Apply >|T N e iB d tes 

EXP SHEET VINYL 
AND nu M S!ALURX 
M ust have own teats aaa iraeepartdtraH 
CENTRAL F I QOR C O VE R ING 
T ile Brr s t 
- 
______ 

 mu ltd t seat ss eta Wk 
I sci i l k le e k 

 ftnuM A U iN A H I Inert ra d ia n - 
J U U n lB y iM B II c l t l w l n v l l n j 
Help#ic with t sr m ere y r t aaa 
R fh ti E le ctric Ce *»2 tact ___ 
M A N A G E R O F F S E T B R E S S 
O P E R A TO R to r p rin t shop E x cede nt in c e n tiv e pay p ra p re m , v e to !,on, h e s p tla iija lip n , p a id h p iid a v k . d is a b ility c o v e r ape 
M g rnt a b ility end s m a ll B tis e ! press exp re e d jiffy Press 22* 
A l M B B jR iy 
M A N IC U R IS T geed B e n e fit's 
**jRf»ST * H im I-o stupa a Cle H Q 

M E C H A N IC 
M a rt . * tally raper tam e d R ice * tent w e rkihp cenditHHis and com pane benefits Lea tu t I 

B t C u s h io n M o t o r I 
» J f *Y»t»n Nwy T I) t ie I 

OHSE! PRESSMEN f , 
R tR cim tA 

Q U A L IF IE D PR O JE C T EN O IN 
E E H send re s u m e ie FO B es 
3*1/4, San Antonio 7*218 
R E F R IG E R A T IO N A IR C e ndi 1 tie n in p 
R e p a ir 
S e rv ic e ! 
Son 4 id e m top p o sitio n K eel { w b it 
A ir 
C e n d itie n in e i s l e 
C t t tift T il rn S IH 

CHIPPING/ttCHVtNG 
CLERK 

(Sa tor torpor atlee bee# f ill apply ut parse# 

 ta Mr RAcGart 

Karotkins 
Furniture Co. 

9 1 o 3 B ro a d w a y epee! eppartarefy employer 

Four or F ive Axle tro c to r tra ile r rips, owner ope rator, for hauling s a n d g r a v e l in H o u s to n a re a 
L o n g te rm h a u lin g c o n tra c ts ; 
P re m iu m rote s C o nta ct 
B E R L ' 
BA R N ES or 
M A R LO N 
H IL L , I 
713 499 2STC ____________________ 

FULL OR PART TIME 

*75 ISC PER W EE K 

_ 
CAIL 341 22o5 

GOOD JOBS THAT 
T A K E YOU PLACES 
A rm y O pportunities 229-SOU 

GREENHOUSE 
GROWER j P re fe r person w ith experience rn j flo ric u ltu re ar h o rtic u ltu re to os 
; sis! in grow ing of bloom ing plants 
I in co m m e rcia l greenhouses M ust 
< hove the a m bitio n and a b ility to fu rth e r them selves ond this cam 

SC hr week / 3o to 4 JC Tues one; MWY feSt - il? ?-------------------------------- 
Sat a fte rn o o n s o ft 
No Sunday 
U u n a iin u n n a ri w o rk . s ta rt SI CC per h r . p a id fld llU lla lJ liu U v a c a tio n o n d h o lid a y s 
A p p ly steady E m ploym ent, s i on hour 
H ighland P a rk L u th e ra n C h u rch ; if o f | 53358*1 
Tjf 
Hempseed et 
S 
Nam 
H A N D y M AH „ h#4p ,n 4„ n 4floB i£ S!f,M g ) ------------------------------------- 1*47 W H ttdobrond______________ 

IMMEDIATE OPENINGS 
19 TR A IN E E S 
N ew o p e n in g s to r Son A n to n io residents to work w ith our hydro filte r Must be l l y r* or ever w ith i m in im u m I yr residence F u ll or p e rt tim e a v a ila b le 
Ne a s p e r ranee necessary 
C A LL 3424216 

•INSIDE WORK* 
Age IC up! 12 44 an h r! W ill tra m ! 
JoAnn *24 6227 Job Placem ents 
Em Btevm ent Ser S IU Sen P o dia 

JOB SECURITY 
St TS W E E K LY 
IF Q U A L IF IE D 
Over IS yrs el ego to w ark in ex p o n d in g lo ca l cem eany 
No e x ­ perie n ce necessary 
Job is per m arten! Openings are im m ediate 
F or appt coll 

R E S E R V E YOUR 
JOB TO D A Y! call Army Opportunities 
229-5o14 

• • • • • • • • • • • • • • 
W arned 
A m bitious people in te r­ ested in a d d itio n a l In co m e , ne e x p e rie n c e n e c e s s a ry , we w ill from , phone 623 45/4 or 672 32*4 
W ant H u sky L o c a l P o rt o r tu t! tim e College Student tru ck d riv e r 
C om m ercial license No Sm oking 
Good Pay 
F IS H E R S. 14*o NE 
1 opp 41o 
WE ARE O P E N IN G 
A NEW STUDIO 
We need m anagers, in te rv ie w e r*, s u p e rv is o rs , re c e p tio n is t, le t* phone o p e ra to rs and d a n e * in s tru tte r* F u ll and p a rt tim e No expe rience nece ssary A p p ly in person only 2-l4pm F red A staire 
D ance S tu d io 2* 4 / F re d e ric k s 
; burg Bd. 
" 
WE LL PAY YOU TO 
LE A R N A S K IL L 
A rm y O pportunities 22* SOH 

YOUNG GIRLS 
To w ork to r a now com pany in ' 
San A n to n ia , m u s t be tre e to trove! Coll tar in te rvie w between 
IC am I? noon only, 721 77*/, ask 
IO, lu llf 
62? DOMESTIC 

C O LLECTO R w ith cor. some typ mg, cor allow ance For in tervie w 
COH >28 534C 

CONVENIENCE STORE 
M r 
Q w ik, n.cest sto re in tow n. openings fbi J 34 I lp m shirts d e i­ ty at weekends only Any type of s to re e x p e rie n c e a c c e p ta b le 
P oiser opt* exam required Apply 
Don 1 4 Ben * Office, w est A v * at 
L o w 4IC. ask lu r W ayne W ygtl 

L iv e in a n d c a re to r e ld e r ly 
Bedirt B bea rd 974 tact_________ 
L tv e -in h o u s e k e e p e r, p r iv a te room . unencum bered, m ust have d r iv e r '* lic e n s e 
R oom . B o ard , m onthly salary H a rlandaie area 
626-1542 
____________ m a id . L ive -in . m a tu re person. light housekeeping ond ca re tor in fant 34* 4Jo * 
Need o live in m aid and babysit te r to r 2 y r e ld b e y 
14* 6 * * o tOom ltp m B ennye or C h n * ___ 
Need m iddle ope lady to live in to c o re ape d la d y c o li b e tw e e n 
I Cam lp m 337 *261 _____________ 

CRAFTS 

S in g le E N G L IS H S P E A K IN G 
L IV E IN m a id . good lob. good 

S K IL L E D a n d 
CONSTRUCTION ilLLLLL 

U N S K IL L E D 
WORK 

S T R E E T C O N S T R U C T IO N in 
Peer va ll tor skilled end unskilled w o rke rs Spoof O pportun ity Em player, coit Seguin. 3/9 is * ) day 
C f BRRR 
The C ity c t K irp y , Texas is ac 
(•p im p o p p iiia lie n * tor a puUIm work super visor 
E xperienced rn stre e t constr ye lie n end re p a ir 
Pepin ai pp salary 5/CC a m onth 
Send ratter at upptic alien and re to m e to C ity S e c re to r y , t i l 
8 Bunto n 
S t. Sam 
Aidant# 
TK 
* 1.* 

 ta r fa u n a * # # a d o tp m ta t 
I IC itS c h ie f 
I I t i t M u lti at so te d s A *F aaa ta c « n m * « e e i, 
Far agen P io n inc 111 W (.MNM • 
P. 713 SP I 

TRUCK ORIVC R 
W art KHOU k l M AN NR COB OI 
C em itter (m i License N ececsaiv 
Beaned M illie ,» P re fe rre d 6 b k lr ta Per### a,’ /,»; P l u m p in g u t u a s * a e * j____ et ai t r oua aah! • u 
IN USI I tru n k s NCUrk 
(Acc i l k t apa 

A c c e p tin g A p p lic a tio n * fo r aa sembtv work at M il / N w eidnor 
Rd Tim etv Hume* E qual Oppar t n.piuypf. 
APPLIANCE 
EARNING S TO SSI# 
Due to expansion wa hove open m g* tor skirted end unskilled pee pie in the ap p lia n ce h e ld Cern pony Witt tra m 
Ne exper ranee necessary 

__________M I-> 1 1 7 
Ap! ce m m u m iy s e c u rity g o u rd , m o to r* re in e d w ith m ititp i y or law enter i em en I experience 
»t7 4JWt 
___ _ 
ASSISTANT M ANAGE R ~ n e e d e d tp r n e r th s id * o p t property I Y rs exper ranee 
AP A R TM E N T JOBS OF S A 
BM c m fc mate tm ant Cen ae* tun tx 
Beeline 
22623o3 

H usk a n u NI w k 

Th# G illette Con,puny n o n e t r i l l hos a new s u b s id ia ry 
A th e n a 
C ro fts w hich is o tte rin g excep lienor m anagem ent and p a rt time o p p o rtu n itie s l f y o u e m e y needlework end ether c rafts den t p a s t th is up 
Na in v e s tm e n t required We tra m yea. Cot) Men 
SMS', fa in s * ! H i »!?»______ 
DO YO U L O V E . Y o u r p re s e n t to p ’ ll net. pisa you wont Ie ta rn 
146o a mo 
P o rt tim e or m e re fu ll lim e in e tub you can le v * cat) 
Boutique 
Cosm etics 
341 854C 

DRUG CLERK 
Must be healthy Apply atter ap rn en Mon . Wed a r F ri. only 
SIMI DRUG S1oRI 
IM C H mb tend Blvd 

 s p y ittuiQ a woman 
Cern ann* veg teem wear Rte latest lauras lesbians while cen ducting ta home fashion shews 
Cai necessary, l l s Can 216 ISCA 
I tar aaarg aa*ar Badhan 
E R P I R I i NC A D V A R O M A N with knowledge el planting a nd 
<prmg lur Itva plants un# ygrp 
Apply n a m l l neon n.i,s>u« Man 
^ iii! 

Experienced nursery mea excel rani benefits aegir in aer sen at 

6537451 

T eam er! 
Luna Ste and Vance jRCiEBB 
______ 
I sea 14 6*1 SS NSI cass l i t te e n 

JOIN THE ARM Y RESERVE 
C A LL 
JOE G UAJARD O 
C jj- W l 
KENNEL WARDEN 
Wha lavas A nim als 
R o am 
B e a rd a n d S a la ry 
Ne 
D rin k in g goad tar re tire d person t i l 7451 (Va rn ta lln o a n l 455 idBI i t a a t a a l 
_ 
3 LA D IES N E EOEO. 3 hou r* poi rtf, Eddy week ill Slunley Hem* 
P ra d p tk ia c 
533 3494_________ _ 
M a in te n a n c e m o n w ith ta rg e a p a rtm e n t co m p le x P lu m p in g , ele ctrica l pad has.. * exper ranee e ss e n t ip i 
L e t at r e fe r o n c e * 
••q u ire d 
Apt tu rn 
Apply l l * 
V a n d trh w k ____________________ 
Mote ar tamale I Truck Stop cg sh*#* 
EC hr we«k. evening shift and re lie f s h ift p e rm a n e n t top m o to r# , I t t a ! re le n t tu e s S ta rt 
5411 CC m ount, re tire d m ilita ry welcome AH Apphcutvuns Ie A J 
P lu ck Oil C f ir a / D x ti ii n Rd 
4 lp m d a ily to r in te r v ie w 
Ne uh»n* (uhs plea sa 

19! r 
V E if 
Ray 
Young, single lady ta stay w ith 3 girls ( I and 9) ond boy t i ; 3 br 3 
-MI,-, u v. I.-1-. I!) ‘WO j 

I M SITMAUUW3 a m il ii ii 

C b r e f u ^ T d a r lv 7 b d ^ ! # d 7 " T t 
Lee s 
Church 
912 *677, 
Ane. 
A 8W I______________ in fa n t Cere in m y hem *. H a rry 
W urzboch R ittim p n 
A rea 
111 9 7 6 1 _____________________ 
Lie 
C hild care . A u stin H w y and 
H a rry 
W urzboch vtcim lv, 
SIC |7 H 
M edical S itter convalescent, el da ily com panion 734 4949______ 
N u rsm p lh * web e ld e rly horn#, riuism y name 924 4/68 
P a rt Tim e B O O K K E E P IN G iii my j Borne J it Z/VX u f t r I I 
Rep cim a cute in my heme Aues 
3 yrs and up. SIS wk 
641 3553 
I tx. lr to y I 

REGISTERED CHILDCARE 
In my heme, MW prep et Town 

 kM iiuU kO Tw m im aeaakam araenm 

7CI-AR1IUULS CUiUllUlKS ' 

 ss AM M a rk i i i M il, (lossy dos s ic . t s te e d , • • c e l ia n l , tow nu t fiB f t j»4* 344 531*_________ s t and al M G A s 
R a rity rec 
T t r t l C H CIS PBI) 
B e ntley 1*57 St S p e lls Sateen, shell p ip y a ve r m id n ig h t B tu* with sri . ll prey rater tor E xcellent coagel ion 
B t l 
C l* t I i i or 
I 136 5*42 

Express-News— Monday, Morch 14, 1977 
Seventh Page 

 lcxpress-new s b o n u s a b s 
I 
TEXAS SIZE SAVINGS .I 
• 
• 

2 LINES $ 

I O 
DAYS 

KON COMMERCIA Ll 
CANCELLABLE 
WITHOUT 
RATE CHANGE 
225-1666 
QUICK RESULTS! c 
AUTOMOTIVE 
] 

726 fOBEIEW 5PoBTSC*BS 

73o-743 AUTOMOBILES 
73o743 

FDBEIGWSPOBTSCABS 

A 

7oZ 72G FOREIGN SPORTSCA; 

738-743 AUTOMOBILES 
73o-743 AUTOMOBILES 
73o 743 AHTBMflBllES [7M743JoTojjo8M________73o743jj!IQI<18lliS 

IEW 1977 VOLKSWAGEN 
BABBIT Model 
17o1 

O 

$357697 

FULL DELIVERY PRICEI 

NCLUDES: 
Tax, Title & License 

No hidden or additional charges 
Plus savings on all VW's too!! 

★ USED CAR SPECIALS ★ 

7! VW Beetle only.................$1495 

75 LAGRANDE Bug. Met Blue 
$2995 

74 (HEVY LUV Pickup 
$2495 

67 VW Fastback 
$ B95 

73 TOYOTA Wagon 
$1995 

75 VW (amper Pop Top 
$5395 

76 VW Convertible, like new 
$4195 

73 KARMAN Chia, 4 spd, 

 rodio A air 
$2295 

75 VW Rabbit, on, AM EM. 

25.ooo miles 

75 RABBIT 19,ooo miles. 

 oir, radio 
$2995 

74 VW Von, todio, e«tra (leon $ 3 M 8 

73 SUBARU clean 
$17S8 

'73 VW Super, blue, 

36.ooo miles.................... $2195 

76 SUBARU, automatic, air 
$2995 

73 SUBARU 
$1595 

74 VOLVO, Nne......................$4195 

$31M 

- 'Urn;, 19 77 

_ 

^ 
COMI sa ONE Of 
THI FASTEST SOUNG IMPORTS) I 
1977 SUBARU 
STD (BOWLS STK1 
AT ECOHOKAY P ita 
*3,164’5* 

G R E A T E R s a v i n g s o n 

A U N E W 1 9 7 6 S U B A R U S 

A D E M O S IN S T O C K 

12-MONTH UNUMITfD MILEAGE 
• 
WARRANTY 
•pius. IAX, nm aho tx» u 

$ NORTH LOOP V W - g* BMW-affe?SUBARU 

4 6 2 3 F r e d e r i c k s b u r g R d . 
• A t r e n from Wonderland • 
7 3 2 - 7 1 2 1 

SUBARU 
NORTH PARK LINCOLN-MERCURY 
MONARCH BONANZA 

1977 MERCURY MONARCH 4 DOOR 

 l i S 
O 
M 
N f 
M 
MONARCH STANDARD 
FEATURES INCLUDES 
• 25o 6 cylinder 
• Automatic • Power 
Steering • Power Brakes 
• White Sidewall Radial 
Tires • Air Conditioned 
• Tinted Glass • Left Hand 
Remote Mirror. 

#81196 

• W O E - E N G I N E E R E D 
$4 8 5 o 

SAVE! New ’77 TOYOTA’S SAVE! 

D I S C O U N T * 

C O R O L L A 

L IF T B A C K S 
CORONA 
4-DOOR 
SEDANS 
AUTOMATIC 
$ 5 5 o 
D ISCOUNT 

D IS C O U N T * 
LIFT 
BACK 
SPECIALS 

N o b e d y cen ogwol im o ll fa w n p rlto tl 

Factory Installed 

O ptions: 

A M R ad io. SSO. 

A M FM R odio, $ 7 7 . 

A ir C o n d itio n e r, 

$ 3 6 5 . 

Pin Striping, $ 2 8 . immrn 

UNLIMITED 

SELECTION 
All Models and Colon 
HIGHEST TRADE 
A LLO W A N C E 
— 24 ho ur d e liv e r y 

TOYOTA OF SEGUIN 

Open Ives: til 9 p.m. 

’77 MERCURY MONARCH 2 DOOR 

MONARCH STANDARD 
FEATURES INCLUDES 

• 25o 6 cylinder 
• Automatic 
• Power Steering • Power Brakes 
• White Sidewall Radial Tires 
• Air Conditioned • Tinted Glass 
• Left Hand Remote Mirror. 

JUST RECEIVED SHIPMENT OF 

1977 COUGAR 
2 DOOR HARDTOP 

I B U I C K R I V I E R A 
4 2 5, o il wer, le a th e r in t e r io r 
G o o d ndition 
C o lle c to r '* S p e c ia ll 
DO 653 3955_____________ 

49 Buick H e a d m a s te r 
E x c e l- it condition 
19*o G M C pickup, w paint, in te rio r . 195o f o r d ntom, J dr . 58,ooo m iles, our osed from orig ow ner 
E x cel- 
o28-1234 

C h ew 4 dr 
VS Air, auto , ex- lien! condition 342-/5o5. 

54 C h e w pickup 
O rigin al, has qmol look. P rettie st in tow n! 
5oo firm 
o58 9434! otter 
o 
9 8 3 3 . ______________ 

J C H E V Y 1 jton pickup, restoro new plates and sticker. $o95. 
2 /922 

 sic 
195o 
C h e v 
D e l u x e owner, original Best otter Call red V a sa u e i at 834 7311 before p rn or 924 7834 otter 7 3o p rn. 

O llE C T O R S 
o4 Buick W ildcat in v e rtib le 
G o o d m e c h a n ic a l fond 
L o a d e d , new tire s . 5ooo 
Arm O3Mo7o 
____________ 

 m o D es o to 
R u n s g ood, lo o k s pod1 5*oo Coll 344 497o 

$4 7 9 o 

C E # COUGARS 

C 
A 
V 
E 
N 
D 
E 
R 
’ ^ 
“SPECIALS” 

’ 7 2 E A D l l Thunderbird 
Coupe, factory air, all s w n r t r 
/ i i iV/KU power and extras, ready to go................. u * l r v 
’73 OLDS X t r . V r , <^ . l"K’~l ol':," .‘2895 

7 3 BUICK 
‘2495 

’76 CHEVY p r j T 
- f S S . * ^549S 

’ T O A i n e o*™ 
Holiday sadan, factory air, all 
\ * t i Q C 
/ J ULU J power and extras, vinyl top, c ia o * 
/ C J T J 

7 6 DODGE ST p ^ai I extras^ 12,ooo milos ...*4895 

7 5 BUICK 
*4295 

* 7 A A l FIC Curta“ Sop**"* «>upe, factory air, all y r i n f 
/ U U L U J power and extras, stereo, cruise, mags 
^<3“ 
' J 

’7 s o ld s 
*: * '4295 
’76 OLDS S 
S 
^ 
’S a .tW S r ^ J 9 9 5 

’76 C H R Y S L E R l± X f e l, " r r w”' *5795 

’ T C r u CXI Malibu dassie station wagon, factory , _ 
7 5 CHIV ^ 
^ 
^ 
, I tra l_ 7 ^ 7 ............ 
*3695 

’ T A A i n e Custom Cruiser station wagon, factory 
. . . . . 
J — tU l I J J air, oil power and extras, roof ro ck 3/95 

7 5 FORD “,,X : . r „ ^ Z . “^ '° fl" ’ .>4295 
'76 OLDS 
‘4995 

12,ooo MIU OR 12 MONTH MOTORS INSURANCI CORP. 
MECHANICAL INSURANCE AVAILABLE ON MANY OF OUR 
74 OR NEWER MODELS. 
“CONFIDENCE IS CAVEN DER” 
Cavender Oldsmobile Co. 
1oo1 Broadway • 226-7357 • 226-8772 

FREE 
11CENSE 
PLATES FREE 

WITH IVERY PURCHASE 
'75^7A-f73^72^71 -’7o 
DARTS, DUSTERS, VAUAMTS, 6-CYUNDER, 8- 
CYUNDER, AIR, POWER, STARTING AT . . . . $995 

*34 F ord Coupe. 3 window street od Excellent condition 484-4744. 
■84 7 7oo 
___________ 

949 F ord 2 door. runs good 
Ex l o ports 555o 455 5o4o 

941 F ord 2 dr 
Sedan 
O rig in a l loop firm 423 121o 

938 F o rd ' i ton p ic k u p 
O r ig .,' un* good 
595o 
I 425 4413, to rn 5 p m._____________________ 

54 L I N C O L N M A R K ll pod cond Coll Rusty. 732 4751 

* M U S T A N G hardtop 3 spd , 2oo 
4. factory air, restorable ca n ­ tion 
64 F A L C O N 26o V8 Stun ird, 4 dr M ustang 545o. both for 
OO 
____ 
______ 

'34 R 25 Model T fram e, running lords, and le n d ers. C o m p le te mer port* 453-4378 

ROD EAST rift 
VOLKSWAGEN W 

N O BITTIE CAR 
N O BITTER PLACE TO BUY 
14o2 N I. Loop 41o f l O R . 1 9 o 1 l i l t e t N n c e g d M h e i R d 
O 
,d t O 
- 
I 
A 
W 
I 
1o% OFF 

1o% OFF OF IMPORTERS 
SUGGESTED RETAIL PRICE 
WITHOUT ACCESSORIES 
AT PORT OF ENTRY 
EXAMPLE:— 

★ SEVERAL TO CHOOSE ★ 

★ Tinted Glass ★ 3o2 VS 
★ Autom atic 
* Outside 
M irror * Pow er Steering 
★ D eluxe W h e e l Covers ic Pow er Brakes 

$5 1 5 o 

92o7 SAN PEDRO 
341-8841 

I 

I M O D E L A F O R D . 2 d o o r censed, running 3225o 735-7537 

66 O L D S T O R O N A D O 
3125o, 684 7o72 

PO R T H P A R K 

 n i m rn i m r n r n m 
I — 
I 
■ 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I T U 
LINCOLN'MERCURY 
I 

’ 76 CHRYSLER outomotK, rodio, heated air, 

 oil power, like new................................................ 
7 6 OLDSMOBILE KX,"' 

 outomotK, power, ok. extra dean...................... 

’ 74 CHRYSLER 
£ & W E bke n ew ................................... ........................ 

’ 73 MARK IV S A T : ’. .*?. .TT. 

 f j m 
U c o n 
I D V **°no,th- * doo*. automatic, 
7 O m t K L U K T radio, beater, an. like new.. . 

 r / x n A ^ an l° nno lotion Wagon, vinyl in 
7 4 I U K D tenor, air, power, d e a n ................... 

’ 7 o D I H T V l'^*r*- 7 door hardtop, vinyl in 
7 4 B U I C K tenor, radio, heater, outomo 

 be, power.......................................................... 
. . . - , 
. . - Sedan De Ville, blue, fully 
73 CADILLAC equipped.(leon................ 

• W M A i n r i i A i n i r Delta BB, 4 door, outo 
73 OLDSMOBILE matK, rodio, heater, 

 power ond arr...................................................... 

 n 
. u y i a c ionntviH#, 
»r, automatic. 
7 4 " U 
N 
I I A C radio, heater, on, power . . . . 

* 7 6 r U D V C I C D Town# ond C(H,n,r>’ 
I L U r K l A L E I X rack, 6 pauenger, od vinyl 

 interior, an, power.............................................. 

, _ _ 
. 
- Monoco Brougham, 4 door hard 

J I D O U t i t top, power, on, hilly equipped . . . 

, 7 1 u C D r i l D V Ro"**"*. * Floor. outomolK, l l M t n v U 
K l radio, heater, ok ond power.. 

*6495 

*4495 

*3695 
*4495 
*4195 
*1995 

*2195 
*3495 

*2295 
*2195 

*1595 
*1595 
*1395 

SELLS • RENTS • LEASES 

Top Quality 

U S E D C A R S 

o.R. MITCHELL 
Chrysler/Plymouth 

28oo Broodway 822-334! 

*3oo to *5oo OFF ON USED CARS & TRUCKS 

OII BOTH QUALITY and PRICK. 
2oo GOOD BUYS — MANY LOADCD WITH EXTRA ACCESSORIES 

7 
R O L L S 
R O Y C E 
C o rn ich e 
Coupe 
53o,ooo 653 *8oo 

154 S tudebaker, 6cyl. 25 m ile s i gal bes! offer, 675 o768 

A N T E D 
3* or 
4o F o rd C o n 
•riible, coupe, sedan or pick up unmng condition not im portant 
1I5o would like to purchase 1955 
58 Chev convertible 
W rite or an R 
M arshall. 641! N orthaven a 
D allas 7523o 
214)363 4833 

o2726 I DRUEN SPORTSCARS 

RO D E A S T V W 
14o2 N E L O O P 41o 
828 12o1 

■ 
S A V E Y O U R O L O C A R 
Hittable Sport C a r Serv R e p a ir 
•robinson * Sport Cor* R e p a ir 
Id B R O A D W A Y 
828 138* 

o4 AUDI 

 a I A U D I F O K 2 d o o r se d a n ulo , air, su n ro o f 
M o n y m ore ptiony 3295o Atter 4 pm 453 843* 

72 A U D I IOO G L ufo. air. excellent 328oo or best 
Mer 824 4Vo2 

AUDI IOO CS 
4 door. facto ry 
I B o u t o 
N ew tire s , e x c e lle n t nditipn 129oo 826 14oo 
826-o833 

|o6 BMW 

B M W — 
3 2 o 1 , S S O ). 6 3 o C S I 
IC oll 
David R e m berg 733 7131 

VI BM W 2oo2 T il 
A lf! A M F M fee** > track 
22 2* m pg C leon 
146oo 733 512o 
_____________ 

7 6 T O Y O T A M a d ll 4-door m 4 m i , automat^, air 
.owdmonwd AAA-IAA radio, paw er Mooring, paw er i d O O C broket, o-« y tin d a r............................................................ N T T J 

7 6 T O Y O T A Land Cruiser, air conditioned, radio, A* 
5 A Q Q C wheel d r iv e ..................................................................... 
- 
7 5 C H I V R O U T Monte Corte, automatic, air, power window*, power broke!, pow er steering, cruite ’3895 control, vinyl top 
7 4 D A T S U N l d O - Z , air conditioned, radio, 4 . 
1 4 ^ 9 5 

7 5 P o n t i a c Orem Ville, automatic, elf, A b -I M . Hit 
’ 4 2 9 5 

’ 7 6 C H I V Y * . * • Pickup. Benance cerin*, automatic. 
54 9 Q C air, radio power tteertng, tilt wheel 
. . . “ v T J 

7 4 V O L V O arr conditioned, radio 
................. 

7 6 N I - L U X Pick-up, air conditioned, radio. 4-tpeed 

’ 7 2 T O Y O T A Cero Mo, radio, eh autom atic, nice. . . . 

7 6 C H I V F T T ! rod*, only 14.8oo mile* 
................. .. 
7 3 C H I V W O U T N eva 4 -door. 4-cylinder standard. 

* 7 2 V W fastback. redto. 4-tpeed. mce c o r .......... 
7 5 P O A D Pinto wagon automatic, air. ai captioned* n ic e ..................................... 

' 7 3 F I N T O w a r m . automatic, eh, r a d io 
. 

* 7 o O L D S Cuttciii SufN tm i. BWtematk, «ir, podia 

* 7 2 I M P A L A 4-deer. outomotK, ah, radio 
----- 

‘3395 
*3695 
*1695 
*1995 
*1295 
‘1295 
‘2495 
‘1199 
‘1195 
‘1295 

D U H S E K 

 t t t t h t t i i h i i i ' 15 ? 

3 4 8 3 4 F r e d e r i c k s b u r g R d . 
7 3 6 - 4 4 7 1 

W 
H O L E S A L E T O T H E P U B L I C 
7 o OLDS 
(utloii 2 door 
‘ 79o 
7 2 TOYOTA (orono Mark ll Station Wogon ‘1498 
7o CHEVY Impoio 2 door 
71 CHEVY Impolo 4 door 
68 LTD 2 door hardtop 
7 2 GALAXY 5oo 4 door 
7 4 PONTIAC (dtolmo 4 dooi 
69 VOLKSWAGEN Station Rogon 
7 2 BUICK LtSobrt 2 door 
71 PLYMOUTH 
Fury til 4 door 
'67 CHEVEUE 2 door hardtop 
. . . . 
7 3 OLDS 88 4 door 
7 o PONTIAC Station Wagon 
7o PONTIAC ItMom 2 door .......... 
'68 CHEVY Impolo 2 door 
................ 
69 PONTIAC Itmptil 2 door 
7 4 FIAT 4 dom 
’71 PLYMOUTH O u t d o o r 

475 
‘1o9o 
» 775 
‘1o9o 
‘2o9o 
‘ 45o 
‘1o9o 
* 9oo 
‘ 45o 
‘1675 
675 
49o 
575 
5oo 
‘119o 
* 78o 

H E A V Y C A R S 

7 6 CADILLAC (oup* Dtvdu, ib.ooo min ‘8995 

73 CADILLAC (oupt D«ViW« 2 door .. 

75 PONTIAC Grand Fbi 2 door..... 

7 5 BUICK (uitom ItV)brt 4 door 

74 PONTIAC Granville 4 door boid!ap 

73 LINCOLN (ontmtntol town cor 

7 4 LINCOLN (ontmtntol town cor 

72 OLDS lofonado 2 door .......... 

C O M 
P A C T S 

7o MAVERICK 2 door 

’69 VOLKSWAGEN Spoon bod .. 

7 2 VOLKSWAGEN 76oo, 

’66 MUSTANG 
2 door 

71 OPEL Station wogon............. 

‘4295 

‘4595 
‘3895 

‘3495 

‘3495 

‘4995 

‘1995 

*1495 
* 995 
‘1395 
‘1395 
1 895 

7 2 GREMLIN 2doo............ ... 

72 DODGE Ooh 2 door 
..... 

73 CAPRI 2 door ............. 

7 4 PINTO 2 door .... 

'74 MUSTANG ll Foitbork ......... 

7 4 CAPRI 2 doo, ................... 

75 VOLKSWAGEN Rabbit 4 door 

*75 PINTO 2 door 

7 6 MAVERICK LOO 4 door 
’76 PINTO 2 door.................... 
7 4 DATSUN 26oZ 2+2 

S T A T I O N W 
A G 
O 
N 
S 

7 5 LTD 
Country iqunt 
......... 
7 5 PINTO SfotionWogon .......... 

7 4 PINTO *U*. *o,o., 
7 4 M A ID A 8o8 Station Wagon 
*1995 

*1595 
*1795 
‘1895 
‘1995 
‘2795 
‘2495 
‘3o95 
‘2595 
‘3995 
‘3295 
‘445o 

‘3995 
‘2795 
‘2495 

’ 76 MARK IV STJ,, war 

'7 4 LINCOLN 
T 
'O 

•you CAN A f TORO A FORD FROM GILLESPIE' 

 la;- m i 

7« C A P R I 
A ir, 4 pith cornel 
’ 41*4 l r * 
W e 

 speed, brow n interior tl**3, 

 uu n o ir Vinyl top, F M stereo. 
I h o c k p la y e r, e x c e lle n t co n d i 
Eon 51825 433 1137 

 d j C A R R I 
4 c y i o ir , a m Im p rown 51*3o 433 l*f* e ve s_____ 

‘ i i l l C a p r i O h io b u n r o o t, 
V tio g r soots, d o t t ie r s te e rin g wheai, 4 speakers, air. outom otic, 
V «. L o w m ile a g e 
B v o w n e r f n tn 34 1 4842 
________ 

C a p ri, v 4. a u t o . a ir . ra d io , vrnyl tup. low m ileage, *77 tugs 
111 SO 3411o/4 

'J* Cap ri 
V4. 28oocc, oir, a u la , 

>o8 CORVETTE 

Cleon, Special F e rra ri Shark 
Vette, T top. with o ir, auto, etc ftkoe Corol 636 2l4f 

'77 CORVETTE 
J IGG a c tu a l m i 
In w a r r a n t y rawber blue, 35o V I, autom otiC, la cio ry cost a lu m in u m w neels, white raised letter ra d ia l tires. 
I U telescope Steering wheel am 
Ini stereo, rear window defogger burglar alarm . R ock and pinion t ie r in g 

S B 8 Q o . 
C A L L J IM 
6614511 

IIM C O R V E T T E 
C A I L 
44/ OK* 

HIGH GAS PRICES ARE HERE!! 

SU THiSf LOW COST ECONOMY CARS Al IRADfWINDS 

’75 PLYM OU TH Ouster coupe, A. ok, OKta. power 

'7 5 RABBIT od. ok, stereo, immorulote 
............ 

7 4 PIN TO Wagon, VO, outo, ae. luggage rack, radials 

7 5 RABBIT I door, oh, cut* little tar ....... — 

7 3 V O LVO wagon outo, ok, (vol mioction, ilooa 

7 5 PINTO 2 dr rodio, low im (ult 

7 4 V W Supai Beeth radio, (leon, original ....... 

7 4 OPEL M A N T A 2 dr hardtop, rodio. auto sharp 

7 4 G REM LIN 2 d.«. mag wheels, radials Sporty! 

 r . 
4 

‘2595 
‘2695 
*2495 
‘2495 
‘2995 
‘1995 
‘1995 
‘1695 
‘1495 

 t a j u t 
M 
R A D E W f N U S 

G 
I 
L 
L 
E 
S 
P 
I 
! 
@ 

23oo Broodway • 227-1411 
2311 Broadway • 227-14IS 
2411 Broodway 6 227-1419 
27SS S.W. Military • 923-4SAI 
2o14 Goliad Road • 333-672o 
1722 Austin Hwy. • B26-3287 
SELLS • LEASES • RENTS 

715 MERCEOES BHI/ 

LUXURY CAR SPICIALS 
'7 4 LINCOLN 
..................>4 8 9 5 * 

'7 5 MARK V 
^ 
‘8 4 9 5 * 

'7 6 CADILLAC 
*8695 J r&.rm •* *io25o# 
*4 9 9 5 6 

'7 3 MARK IV Morroon. boded M I O / ... 
*5 8 9 5 * 

7 3 BUICK S X T . ***•*' 
^ 
*3195 * 

'7 3 MARK IV Munwik 
’ 75 FORD LTD 
Alw-rn. 
SMALL CAR SPECIALS 
6 

’ 7 7 MONARCH UT' " 3 2 
‘ 54oo 6 
75 GRANADA * 
" * * ■ * '• *3995 6 

‘ 2895 S 
*3495 Z 
‘ 2495 J 
*3 8 9 5 # 

* 3 1 9 5 6 

* 5 2 9 5 # 
‘ 3 9 9 5 6 

7 5 PLYMOUTH S r T “* T 
7 6 capri ii 
'7 4 MAVERICK power. 88Bo2 

'7 5 MONARCH S S storoo, 
9 1 1 .............. 
7 4 MUSTANG S S o S T ^ 

OPEL 
ITI TOYOTA 
773 TRIUMPH 

64 M e rc o d o t B e n i l*oC. 4 door s e d a n , sa n d b io s e , re d u p h o l­ stered, auto, good cond ti,* 9 5 
W E R E . 
I 

1968 M ercedes OietPi. 4 door, UP lo 13 mites per gallon, oir, 528*5, 
1 " Q> b* keen at 6421 Broodw oy 

73 Ope) G T in goad shape 
454 4564 or 434 1685 
53o6o. 

>T M ercedes I M O 
I owner, au to , air, Modugon lights 
M ichetm tires, oil originoi SOO 2412 

72 Ope! G T , rodio, heater, vinyl top, 31*6o 736 7*14______________ 

6* O P E L G T 
4 sp e e d , 75m pg, cteon, 11,465 4*4 './os 
.............. 

 i i O pel K a d e lte 
N e e d s w ork 
SI IO 412 6146 oner I 

SO M E R C E D ! S 726-5 V ery goad c o n d itio n 
A rr, e x tr a s ! A m tm reclining i t o ’i 5 1 * o o 6*6 o86* 

AS O P E L 
226 o7*1 
R a llye 4soeed. 1575 

73 O P E L W a g o n , a u to a ir p o w e r ^ h j6 6 # m r 5 li* L 7 lie o 7 ^ 

/4 M E R C E D E t B L N I 
456 IL , H5.56o 
A* M E R C E O E S B E N 2 
JOO S E L 6 3. 116,136 
451 **66 

718 PORSCHE 

27o3 3oo3 S.W Militar 
Dr. 
92 A-DEAl 

 m i s s i o n C i t y i m p o r i s 
M E H C S D E * B E N I Soles Service 
382o SA N P E D R O _______736 7241 

74, 45o S E L M e rce d e s 

7o9 DATSUN 

71 Corvette 352*5 
_ 
Coit 
SSI 81o1______ __ 

7* Coryell# L 82 engine, like new 
..IIv ow mites 874 87*2 
______ 

74 C O R V E TT C 
M U SI X i i i 
111 1142 

 ss Cervette 
427 
4 speed, excel 
*•'ml (One Ilion SS I OO 14*744/ 

M Vet, 4 speed 
L I I C u s l inter 
1*1 Burgundy est 46/1 ext 1*1 

15 Vette Aute luaded- estelien t lend 
Wailer Der eighty t i l IIJI. 

 m M IH M 

^ 
T i 'f 

D A T S U N 
B R Y S O N A U T O C E N T E R 
MIO P A T B O O K E R 
U N I V E R S A L C IT Y 436 4271 

71 O A T S U N 2 door deluxe, HOO 
Beauty Pu re e co n om y1 >26 111* 

D a t s u n S e d a n 
7S 716. a u to , pow er, heat. a ir, A M P M , 7,666 m iles, ^ne Owner M i IOU 

7o D a ts u n W a g o n i x c e t lo n t cond throughout 
Asking 
*873 
166*881 
J 

1*76 Datsun WOI. 7 + 1 14 OOO mi like new 221 1137 >71 *521 
_ 

76 
S U N 21o1. re d 
M o a s , a m tm like new 
$4266 e r best otter 
141o686 
; 

1*74 26o1. air, 4 speed rad ials tight b lue e x c e lle n t re n d itio n , 
54o*3 614 6134 
71 24o8. excellent, uke new. on 
■nogs new quint *1/3o 464 4471 

71 24o I 
4 speOd* d ir / A M J M , igpedeck extra clea n ' R ed with 
• h ilt interior 
341 3533 otter 
I 

J L S ----------------------------------------- 

— 
• - ------- 
- 
— i 

71o FIAT_ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ 

 t T t t t t 134 s P . o i T n n r o m ile s, A M P M ste re o c a s s e tte deck, luggage rock, w ire wheels. 

7 1 6 r n 

 excellent condition 724 5854 days, x7* *54o nights ond weekends U 

71? JAGUAR 

 t o 
: 
J a g u o r X K E , ‘ 73 C o n v e r t ! 
7* 6o6 m i 
Yellow, black interior. 
A ir . o k c e lie n l c o n d itio n 
573oo 
6>1 1431 * 4 p rn . 638 8o11 atter 3 

14 J E N S O N Interceptor III 
*11,75o 
ASI *1o6 

714 MAIDA 

T I U N P ic k u p , e x c e lle n t 
• 117*5 
Bdl. 616 IIM . work 
711 HAI 

 f« F ia t 136 SBOTTTSTT 

71 M a lt * H K J ro ta ry eng ex 

■ xfiw M m nM U LU M ^ M A xLnM m M m 
716 mxmmi 

CLA SSIC L Y S T Y L E D 266 S 
1*7o lolly eauipped a dear Sedan 
G un M etal grey with a m oue white vinyl tag 431 ll/ * 

 l l M R R C i O E S B E N I 3SOC 
) d o o r. fu lly le a d e d 
O r ig in a l ow ner w ill fin a n c e c u ll J e r r y 
P arrish , o m 
119 7*71-------- l l 11% 1446 
I n m SS AHO HI IWV 

ROBINSON S 
SPORTS CARS 

71 MiDGlI 
....... 
$» W 
7 J TRIUMPH ipdfKA 
.. .I 1 I W 

74 HAI (oup*s (2) 
. . l i m 
74 flAI (we Bul gaudy . M RW 

74 HAT (or,, led 
B M W 
It IR1UMID lie 
$426$ 

WI AUO REPAIR (BOSI 

M A U S Of HXM io n C M S 
5PICI4U ON 

I U M u n THO W UK! 

I M I BROADWAY 
RSA I SRO 

N O R T H W O O D P O R S C H E A U D I 
IIM N E 
L O O P 418 
____________ 824 3214 

43*Porsche 154 C Good condition, air 
838 8484, ext 
381; otter 4 
343 71IR 

7o Par Acne *11 E 
5 spd . m oas, air » track tx I a* C oli M i 5*11. I to 3 atter 6 t i l H 
I 
) 
_______ __ 

P O R S C H ! *16, IV71 
544oo_ E x ceden t condition 
277 757$ day*. 
RIE HAD aN df A 

74 P O R S C H E i e 
N ew yellow 

T t f H W 
- m i ’-L L 

• 
• 
• 

'72 TOYOTA CARINA 

2 Hoot' BRI6HT RTO 

RADIO, HEATER, 4 SPEED. 

ECONOMICAL MUST SELL 

224 6956 

• 
• 
• 

 l l toyota Cor olio 44 OOO m i arr, 
A M I M *15o6 t i l 1543_________ 

ALAIM O S P O R T S C A R S 
A u th o m e d Soles ond Service 
Triu m p h Alta Rom eo 
H I ! B R O A D W A Y l l * 3311 

M ust sell 1*75 T riu m p h Spitfire. 
Rest atter 4*4 >*ll eves 

•72 T R I U M P H TR4 
R u n s g reat! 
14 M P G 31666 117 SII*_________ 

1*71 T R I U M P H T R , w hite w ith b la ck in te rio r 
A ir co n d itio n e d , ro ll bar a m P M 
16,ooo m ile s im m aculate condition 
1145o 
44> 4241 

724 VOLKSWAGEN 

 i y i ’ x x / . 
Bidget yellow. 14 OOO miles 
76 m b sit 
*3695* 

71 VW Been* 
Air. sonraaf. A M , good transportation *166o or best 
Offer 
6*7-o66o . 4*7 1664 eves 
I • 
E N D e 

) ? ( 
V t K K S M t l N 

 j 
71 VW S a u a re b a cfc 
E x c e lle n t condition Call 
824 447* E N D * 
I station wagon, o n . automatic) 
523*3 6551131 
7o VW Bug. good transportation 
$***-453 IIJI 

74 VW B U G 41.66o m i , I owner, good cond n m 
*71 4*61 
7 4 v w T H I N G 
R a d io , s te re o 
314*3 Coll 
6*41123 

•El VW ‘B U G 
New paint, uphoi I ste re , A M F M c a se tte 
5*oo or 
Cest atter 433 6*o4. 713 5642 

724 VOLKSWAGEN 

6* Toyota C o ron a bes! atter 
14* 1o4* 
4 dr 
555o or 

*71 VW B us 
Ex celle n t cond SOOS m i on engine Air A M P M stereo, 
*115o M2 1*7* utter 6 p m _______ 

44 VW b u s, e x c e lle n t e n g in e 
• ii 
,« 
Good hr es l l vail system Rodio, 
A ll parts inclu d in g 
| m o 2J4 4 iS , from ( 
(o 

5 otter 5: 657 2115_________ 

BOCS ONLY W R E MEO. 

72 VW V A N 
L ik e new to cto ry air. radio 
312 8*o7; 
SOU 
South 
P retd . 
! 

66 VW. vary good cond 
*4*6 Or best otter 
M I M27_______ ______ 

412 
V ery good 
Cash oniy.i 

72 P o rsch e *11 T a rg a . I speed, g au g es A M F M stereo lap* 
Al toys i x c d w it f f l fo *»* 5/ac 

722 TOYOTA 

*76 M O B Beautiful conditien *1*66 er Pest ewer >11 Olpe 

1*74 M O B C o n v e r t ib ly 
L e w iw ihay r *14*3 Chandler, 775 3//1 

75 M O B Convertible, ov e rd riv e, 
A M F M s te r e o lo o t , lu g g a g e ra ck other extras. I* oo6 m iles 
5445o Coll MV *1*3 awee 4 pm 

71 M G I , excellent tgw m i air 
5A4Q6 M + 4617 
, 
_ 
VlACIYduf WAN! TS 
We IHI I* eel ss K IW I 
( A it 77* I S M 

A L A M O T O Y O T A 
A cross F ro m A irport 628-6723 
37* N ! L O O P 4 1 o _____ 

7i C a lic o 
A ir, ro d io . *12oo or pest Otter 451 *8o4_______ 
TI CEltCA ST 
Yuk* ever paym ents- ne eg u ily coll Credit M on og ei 
M* **44 

‘71 CoreMg 6 d r . a u . rodtg, new engine E s c el tam cand 4/4 37* I 

77 C orolla 
Loaded. tll* 5 
V ery 
'ow nm rc i i i «(>o<s 

IF Y O U C A N B U Y A B E T Y E R 
B U IL T S M A L L C A R TM/ N AT 
P R Y E R T O Y O T A _______ B U Y IT 

S c R a e l T e e t h e r s . 
I t l e y e l o 
Coron a pule an 
*6.7o6 mt SI /SO 
433SRB5 

IMI h u M S U l a CASS 
IS l l s I OPA s le e t s * ANO ■*«w t 

74 Toyota Coralla. * dr aula, oir, radio, 3I**3, 114 *7*2, 816 6*18 

T F r O Y O T A C O R O L L A 2 door, am Im rad io, h eater, 33,ooo m i 
R e c e n t co m p lete o v e rh a u l 
E x cedent cand Doughier s cor * 115o i i 6 M y 

T O Y O T A C o r o n a , ‘ 74. C e it c a 
RC 111 A m tm. air, radials, 3o.ooo m i 
E x c e l l e n t ! 
526*5. 
D a y s . i m 
1*23. nile* 732 6673 
! 

'7o Toyota C o ron a 42.ooo m iles, air. A M - F M 58*3 e ll 368o 
___ 

 j t i Toyota C o ra lla D eluxe, auto 
' tra n s m is s io n , r a d ia l tiro s, A C , 
, 19,oo6 miles. 
83666- best ofter, 
I l i j t U 

 stock, lo ca ted or o rd e re d 
F a t tory d ire c t o u tlet 
N o B a rg a in 
H un ters, p lea se ' )*)< H iw av *o 
6 f» rn l p m M on F n 
1 S * L 
Com# tom e see, com * driv e You ii buy 
1*6} VW 
B u g 
E x c e lle n t Iran coo ria I ion 
$645 
Best otter 

 t £ i 8 t t _____________ __________ 
•I* Dasher. 2 door air, a u to . •*- 
Colton*, 32*5o 4*2 2717__________ 

‘74 D A S H E R Ex cellen t condition 
S liS u MU*! toll I 7 14 552*_______ 

'75 VW B U S 
7 POSS , auto . air 
A M F M , m ultiplox. low m ileag e 
86*oo *26 2 I M 
_____ 

‘74 VW R U S . I sealer, 
14,6oo a c t u a l m i 
77+6651, 366 o324_______________ 

'*8 VW 
C h ro m e wheels, rodrais, excellent m ech an ical cond 
735-2281 
_______________ 

I i VW W A G O N condition, must sell 
678-7**3 
1 

We ore selling our bab y! Cleon , t owner 
6* VW with 4oMP engine, recent paint tab. good condition 
5**5 ss* i/ ft i n 37// 

 air. 4 speed lik e new 
725 VOLVO 

•ft T O Y O T A 4 door, nolo oir. 
J ann 224 o2*1 
Big 

 l l Toyota 
E x c e lle n t iu d s P tr tact It m e r otter 4 1 3 4 l > 2 __ 

~~ TU VO Y A O F SAN A N I ONlO~” 
1761 S i M I L I T A R Y D R I V E 
M 4 8| t l 

T O Y O T A O F S E G U IN 

O p e n e v e s til 9 

‘/I Toyota Wagon 

 i i i , i t f m i 

C lean t i l l * 

W AN I E O 
Ie ossum * paym en ts on t o y o t a a u t o 
P r e f e r a b ly 
5 speed 
34* HBI 
4*4*118 
M rs 

 t v a w m W Iw V 

(AIS H S 16+4 

I Buy Sell Used Cars 
Can Pot M cQ ueen_______t i l / H i 

I S E L L VW S 
M o d els fro m 
*6 77 
C e il 
F re d 
V esau ei 814 7111____________ __ 

N O R T H L O O P V O L K S W A G E N 
717 /111 
4611 F R E D E R I C K S B U R O R O A D 

It R o o d 11 
B u s k 2 dr , air 
A M 
F M stereo, w arranty ira n s te rro blo f!6*3 Dr 
M u rre y 
*»l 1*1* 

71 S U P E R B E E I L l y e ile w ' 
Good londition air. pm tm stereo new tires 111 1*4* eye s _____ 

Take ever p o ym en ls on 
H VW 
Bus No vaulty Con 
824 6*11 ask tor F re d Atter 7 
*717/37______ _ 

VOLKSWAGEN 
P a rts Serv ice C a rs 
____________ Of* H i t 

/IV W 4H Pule * duui excel tent 

------------ 
41 VW 
.uto 
Sew m oas, excellent cand * m e l l *476 

M E T R i t M AS T E R 42* 7427 
. 

71 VW G n ia , engine and Irens m ission w om anly ti3*3*3* i l l ! 

*4 VW M ic ro Bus. rebuilt engine, needs body repair, m ust sell *45o 
4644434 
__________ _ 

VK OVERHAUL S4oo SSOO 
12 M o 12 6oo im W arranty 
Ncirthyidf Bug Repair t i t 3»6f 

'74 VW pop top com pel air, A M 
F M 
16.o66 m ite s 
*7269 
A is e 
S la r c r a it lent tra ile r sle e p s I, 
*8*o T roller tits ta m p e r will sell together or seyergieiy «** 3*7*2 

75 VW H o b b it, like new 
12766 
3*4 1814 guys 
*4* >463 e v e s ___ 

 t i 
VW 
R ebukl engine. 
*623 
7*46647 
_____ 

47 VW R ecently i ebwill engine clutch. 2 new tires, su per clea n 
$666 473 17*3_______ 
... 

77 VW Sctrgcco a m i m stereo. 

 ffif 
------------ 
CALS 223 14*4 

1*25 2 47oL V O L V O a u to . o ir .j power 
I/.OOO m iles 
One ow ner.! 
*4**3 l l * 42o1, 82* 3*14 offer 5 

P A R K T E N V O L V O 
IM SCO U T D E A L E R 
111 B A L C O N E S N O R T H 712 2141 

71 V O L V O I M E o ir, fop*, sun root, au to , *1 OOO m ile s , un d er blue book pl 34ooo 3*4 1343 ofter i 

71 V O L V O M IE 
4 speed, oir stereo, radials. *22oo turn >28 4 * 3 * _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ 

72 V a le o W ag on 
G o o d c o n d , 
*2366 or best otter 
W kdpys att I anytim e wk*n<* 
*>s 1158 ___ 

77 V O L V O W A G O N 
A u tom atic, air 
Low m iles Below Blue Book 

JS 
U 
B 
K 
S 
U 
K 
K k A M T K 
48 C H E C K * R Cob 
12 pass good cond *45o lr ode 341 26*1_____ 

76 F O R D Wagon loaded 
116*5 
'/I TO R IN O 4 door t m 
I ‘It M A V E R I C K * s lo n d a id 
1**5 t t O tdl 4 door 
33*5 i t I M P A L A 4-door 
38*3 
, '76 O L D S 4 door 
. . . 
*4*3 
I ’16 A M B A S S A D O R 4 tld 
»*«* 
SMITH $ Ll sod Car* 

 f.it A A fc ftttS ___________ t i t l i y 
U N i n ANO Hhm% 

 m M IS C U E POS AHT os 

STEPHENS 
A U T O -G A R A O S S A L E S 
7o F O R D 
...................... S**3 
71 F O R D , Blue 
.......... t m 
71 
O L D S 
Vista 
C ru ise r wogon 
*21*5 
77 C H E V Y im p ala 
...* 1 6 4 o 35 
71 I N T E R N A T I O N A L 
.. 
*156o 
7o VW S g o a rtb a tk 
. .. . **12 53 
'*» C H E V Y M alibu 
.......... 
*514 /S 
SOI W E S T AV 
________ 73* 18*1 

W H Y w c Tr R Y , ab ou t b u y in g a 
Used C o r f O ur t o r t oil carefu lly selected inspected ond c a rry a l l month or 11 OOO m i power tram w arranty 
These ca rs hoe* to be good 
Se* ut before you buy I 
GOLDSTAR Auto Gallery 
21o1 SAN P E D R O T il $119 

711 rn 

•'*♦ A M B A S S A D O R w a g o n " aulu 
Red. very c ie o n tfSO mr, 4-door, 
*33 17*7 

 a ir , re a l 
74 G R E M L I N 4, a u la m c* *1x5o 144 172*_____________ 

72 G R E M L I N 
2 door autom atic. a ir , 77,6oo m ile s , * 1*7* 
C a l l r a m i t f , 26I-64M. 

G r e m lin 
74, I s p e e d 
A ir. en* awner 
11 oo6 miles 
*1*68, 
73*1*61 

It G rem lin 
Stand 
V S 
A M P M . 
A ir t m * 451 o*66______________ 

76 G R E M L I N s id . a m tm . • track rodigis 
13.o66 m i s is l i l t 

 l l Hornet 4 door station wagon t standard *61* De*' oft*? 4*6 1666 

71 H O R N E T S p o r la a e u i 
A ir , po w er s te e rin g , la r g e *, a u te 
A M P M stereo E x c e iw n i e*o 1217 sm 
________ 
I*** J a v e lin auf* a ir , p o w e r, 
( r * 1,**. lf* HL1. __ lo vet me l l . VI. Pule while with b la c k e m y i lo p . *13*6 ac b e s ! altar 4*6*677 

7 * R A C ! R 
L o a d e d new sleet ra d ia ls 
V e ry clea n ) W ith War* 

 f f g f t 
— 

CHEVROLET 

Express-News— Monday, March 1 4 ,1 9 7 7 

M m 
AUTOMOBILES 
~ 
T 
, 

'77 SILVERADO PICK-UP DEMONSTRATOR 

35o V 8 engine, turbo hydromotic, heavy duty chassis, burns regular gas, air, power steering, 
# g 
M rally wheels, AM-FM, Stereo radio, power win- 
* dows, power door locks, tool box, # 775261. a m mm 

’77 BLAZER 
4oo V-8 engine, turbo hydramatic, power steering, power brakes, air, fuel tank shield plate, A M radio, on and off the road tires, buckskin custom vinyl bucket seats . . . # 7 7 5 4 6 3 . 

’77 BLAZER 

4-wheel drive, 4oo V-8 engine, Cheyenne equipment, air, turbo hydramatic, 31-gallon fuel tank, fuel tank skid plates, comfort tilt steering wheel, power steering, AM-FM, special 2-tone point, mahogany and frost white, red custom vinyl interior, and more. 
# 7 7 5 3 5 5 . 

77 SILVERADO 

Air, burns regular gas, short wheel base, heavy­ duty chassis, 35o V-8, turbo hydram atic, power steering, A M radio . . . # 775 I 4o. 
Air conditioned, automatic, M ikado custom interior, white wall tires, rear step bumper, white 
. . . 
# 
65473. 

77 SCOTTSDALE CREW CAB 

35o, V-8, turbo, air, power steering, AM-FM radio, sliding rear window, custom vinyl interior, carpeting, camper special, # 771 7o. 

77 SILVERADO Vs TON 

454 engine, V-8, turbo hydramatic, air, locking dif­ ferential, power steering, heavy-duty power brakes, auxiliary tanks, A M / F M . . . # 775 o3 I. 

77 SCOTTSDALE 

35o V-8 engine, 4-speed stick shift, oir, power steering, heavy-duty power brakes, auxiliary tanks, 
A M radio, camper special . . . # 7 7 5 3 o 4 . 
’77 EL C A M IN O CLASSIC 
Tinted glass, body side moldings, door edge guards, air conditioning, sport mirrors, 3o5, 2 barrel V-8, turbo hydramatic, tilt steering wheel, power steering, steel-belted radiol white stripe tires, selectric clock, AM radio, front bumper guards, rally wheels, buckskin vinyl roof cover buckskin metallic ex­ terior, buckskin vinyl interior. #775482. 
—--- 

Silverado equipment, front and rear air, cruise control, 35o V 8 engine, durbo Hydramatic, 31-gallon fuel tanks, AM-FM push button radio, LR78X15 steel belted radial tires, Special 2-tone paint, trailering special equipment, russet metallic, Santa Fe tan, buckskin vinyl in­ terior, #775476. 

77 CHEVROLET SPORT SPECIAL EDITION 

Heavy-duty chassis, burns regular gas, 35o V-8 engine, turbo hydramatic, air, auxiliary fuel tanks, power steering, style wheels, power widows and door locks, 17o x I 5 tires, solid black . . . 
# 7 7 2 o 7 . 

1977 SCOTTSDALE 

FLEETSIDE — V i ton Scottsdale IW B , tinted glass, air, heavy duty shock absorbers, front stabilizer, heavy duty rear springs, power brakes, 3o5 V8, turbo hydramatic, power steering,* wheel covers, 
A M radio, whitewall tires, conventional two-tone paint, gauges, Colonial yellow and frost white, buckskin custom vinyl seats . . . # 7752 I 6. 

’77 CARG O V A N 
35o V-8 engine, turbo hydramatic, power brakes, power steering, air, steel belted tires, special two-tone p a in t. . . # 7 /54 o 4. 

’76 LUV TRUCK 
Brand new automatic, A M radio, rear step bumper, side pipes, E7o x I 4, steel spoke wheels, custom trick paint . . . 
# 6 5 5 3 7 . 

S W B , body glass, below eye-level mirrors, heavy duty front & rear sprinqs, power brakes, 2 5 o 6 cylinder engine, 3 speed transmission, guages, custom interior, radio. # 7 7 5 2 o 9 . 

’77 N O V A COUPE 

2 door tinted gloss, body side moldings, oir con­ ditioning, power brokes, turbo hydromotic # transmission, full wheel cover, windshield antenna. * 
# 77o181. 
’77 N O V A COUPE 
2 door, tinted gloss, body side moldings, oir con­ ditioning, power brokes, 3o5 V 8, turbo hydramatic ^ transmission, power steering, full wheel covers, 4 white stripe tires, AM rodio ... # 77o43o. 
’77 N O V A COUPE 
2 door, tinted gloss, body side moldings, air con­ ditioning, power brokes, 3o5 V-8, turbo hydramatic w transmission, power steering, full wheel covers, J white stripe tires, AM radio... # 77o273 

MALIBU COUPES & SEDANS 

’77 CHEVELLE M A LIBU COUPE 
? door, Tinted glow, body Md* molding}, on conditioning, pow*' broke}, 25o *ngm*. turbo hydramotK tronsmrsMon, power 
# rn aam a steering, full wit**l rows, rodial whit* }tnp« tx*}, windshield rn A antenna exterior decor porkog* »myl interior 
»7/o838 a 
’77 CHEVELLE M ALIBU SEDAN 
4 door, tinted gkns. body Md* molding}, air conditioning, power bridie}, 25o engine, turbo hydromo c transmission, power 
# rn am am 

 steering, full wheel covers, rodtol white stripe tire, windshield on- 
* a J tenno, exterior decor pockoge. vinyl ulterior.. # 77Q8fet> ie rn rn 
’77 CHEVELLE M A LIBU SEDAN 
4 door, tinted gloss, mr conditioning, power brokes, 3o5 ¥ I, turbo hydromotic tronsmrsMon, power steering, lull wheel covers, 
# rn a fc am rodial white stripe tues, AM rod to, buckskin melodic, vinyl in 
▼ 
J 4 tenor ,., *77o739 
H T W 
« # 

’77 N O V A SEDAN 
4-door, tinted gloss, body side moldings, air conditioning, power brokes, 3o5 V-8 engine, turbo hydromotic transmission, power steering, full wheel covers, white wall tires, AM rodio. 
#77o668 
’77 N O V A SEDAN 
4 door, tinted gloss, body side moldings, oir conditioning, power brokes, 3o5 V-8, turbo hydromotic transmission, power steering, full wheel covers, white stripe tires, AM radio ... 

’77 N O V A SEDAN 
4 door, tinted glass, four season air conditioning, power brakes, 3o5 V 8, turbo hydramatic transmission, power steering, full wheel covers, white stripe tires, AM rodio, in­ terior decor pockoge, exterior decor pockoge . #77o815. 

$456o 

’77 IM PA LA SEDAN 
4 dooc, colat k*y*d soot bolts, tinted gloss, Hoof mots root drip moMmgt, body Md* moldings, door *dg* guards, arr conditioning, 
# rtmot* metier. 3o5 V I, turbo hydiomotic tronsmrsMon. iud 
* whoa) coven, radial whit* stript fir*}, AM radio 
# 7/o*21 
1 

’77 MONTE CARLO COUPE 
2 door, tinted gloss, oir conditioning, 3o5 V-8, turbo hydromotic transmission, rodial white stripe tires windshield antenna, electric clock, power steering, power brokes, wheel covers.. #77o791. 
’77 MONTE CARLO COUPE 
2 door, tinted gloss, air conditioning, 
3o5 V 8, turbo 

 hydram otK transmission, radial white stripe tires, windshield antenna, electnc clock, power steering, power brokes, wheel covers vinyl interior... # 77o793 
’77 MONTE CARLO COUPE 

J door, tinted gloss, deluxe body moldings, air conditioning, sport mirrors, 3o5 V-8, turbo hydramatic transmission, radial white stripe tires, windshield antcnno, electric clock, roily wheels, power steering, power brokes.. . #77o75o 

’77 C A M A R O SPORT COUPE 
2 (tool tmt*d gloss, foot dup moldings, spoil miirocs, consol*, pow*' bn>k*s, 25o, A cylinder tngin*, turbo hydromotic a rn a a lf un-,mission, whit* snip* lrt*s, windshield onlenno, heovy duly 
P t ladron* lady wheels viny) bucket scots 
# 7/o *4 3 
’77 C A M A R O SPORT COUPE 
2 door, soft toy tinted (pest, too* dup moldings, four season ex ion*!lofting, sport mtriort, consol* pow*! brokes, 25o, A cybnd 
*r engine, turbo hydiomotic lconsmission, whit* strip* tic*}, a am gm windshield antenna tally wheels silvei vinyl bucket scots 
* 
I i i 
# 7/o *4 2 
• / W 
" 
’77 C A M A R O “LT” COUPE 

Tinted gloss body Md* moldings, ow (auditioned consol*, power brokes, 3o5 V I, turbo hydiomotic, cochal whit* sleep* tim , 
# r n r n t windshield entemio tty!* Him group, vinyl buck*' scots, de lo re a ^ 
^ 
I tMft*v uh stooling wheel #77o/** a m m a 

’77 IM PA LA SEDAN 

4 doer, tinted gloss, reel drip moldings, arr conditioned, remote mnior, 35o 4 UL engine turbo hydeomatte, lift steeling wheel, 
# rodwi white snipe hr*s, windshield onlenno, volu* oppeoroncc a group, # 7 7 o **I 
I 

77 IM PA LA SEDAN 

4 door, holed Moss coof drip moldings ox conditioned it mole mxtoc. 35o 4 Iii engine turbo hvotxmolK, lilt sleeting wheel lodxd whit• strip* tim windshield onlenno. volu* appearer*** gioop. delve* bolts 

CONVENIENTLY DOWNTOWN: 

AUTOMOBILE SHOWROOMS— 1221 BROADWAY 

ENCLOSED TRUCK MAU— 1121 BROADWAY 

223-4281 

OPEN UNTIL 9 P.M. 

O U I TO SMITH $ M A T U R I 
PRICING 
POLICY, 
ALL 
PRICKS 
INCLUDE 
Of STI 
NATIO N 
CHARGK 
ANO 
Of A U R PRIPARATIO N. 

SuN epS 
S.rn. I O DAYS 

Express-N ew s— M o n d a y , M a rch I 4, I 9 7 7 
N in th Pag e 

NONCOMMERCIAL! A 
A 
E 
M I A 
A 
A 

C A N C E L L A B L E 
A m 
J B S S X P P " " 
■ 
W 
I 
# 

 m ’ S S S S b . 
Q 
U 
I C K R E S U L T S ! 

73o-743 AUTOMOBILES 
W W M T O I j O B I l E S 
7 3 ^ J J 4 ^ U T o M o B lliS _ ii_ ? | 3 ^ 4 ^ U T o M f l B I L [ S _ _ _ _ 

TOU CAN AFFORD A 
— — 1 
BUICK a t 
5o1 BROADWAY 
TOM BENSON’S GIGANTIC 3 IN I 
USED CAR AND TRUCK SALE 

MARCH USED 
CAR SPECIALS 

’77 BUICK 
SKYLARK 

4-door, 
Buick famous 
V-6, automatic 

•romminion, power Mooring, factory air, 

 power brakes, w kitnrd l Mr**, M I tinted 

 glass, dolus# wheel covers, remote control 

 mirror, door guards. M fh oaorgy ignition, 

M M U . 

* 4 7 7 7 . 

IF YO UR O LD CAR 
WILL DRIVE IN, 
IT S W ORTH 

$ 5 o o T R A D E IN . 

THESE PRICES GOOD MARCH 12 thru I 5. 

MONTE CARLO blue, loaded, vinyl top, radial c«% C A 
C tire s..................................# 1 8 3 6 

’77 BUICK 
CENTURY SPECIAL 

Now Car, #469o7. Buick A famous V 6, door 

 guords, rodiol whitewalls, automatic 

 transmission, power steering, power brokes, cut 

 pile carpet, tinted glass, factory air con 

 ditiooning, deluxe wheel covers, high energy ig­ 

 nition. 

SALE 

PRICE 
$4 
8 
8 
8 

77 BUICK 
LeSABRE CUSTOM COUPE 

D rier s ad. cor, # Bo7M , V I #ngin«, 

 automatic, power steering and brakes, 

 power seats and windows, landau tap, 

 air, cruise control, tilt wheal, electric 

 trunk, remote control mirrors, stoat bolted 

 whitewall tiros, pawer dear lacks, dock, 

 tinted glass. UST MIKI $7659. 

SAlE 
$ A 2 
5 
o 
PRICE 
• # 

7o GRAN PRIX green, loaded, model J, vinyl i | c A c tops, power windows 
# 1 9 4 1 
I O 
V 
D 

72 DODGE MONACO 
Coupe, white, loaded, vinyl top, A M / FM cruise, power win s a x . A C dows 
# 1 7 5 o 
I O 
V 
5 

73 ROYALE OLDS 
Coupe, green, loaded, vinyl top, low miles, extra clean 
# 1 8 6 6 
’73 EL CAMINO 
Super 
Sport, brown, loaded 
A M / F M , turbine mogs 

................................... 
# 1 1 7 6 . 
75 GRAN TORINO 
Coupe, green, loaded, well cored for 
.................... 
# 1 799 
72 INTERNATIONAL 
Trovel-all, blue, loaded, trailer 

 mg pockoge 
# 6 o 7 8 
74 MALIBU 
4 dr., green, family car . . , loaded, good 
# 1 8 o o 
PLYMOUTH 
Sebring 
Plus 
Coupe, brown, loaded^ vinyl top, new tires 
...................................... 
# 1 9 o 1 

’74 GMC 
Vj-ton, blue, loaded, super c a x a w custom pkg................... 
# o 8 8 1 w O Y 
3 
’68 IMPALA 
Coupe, green, looded, vinyl g a K O 
K top, see to appreciate 
# 1 9 3 9 
I # 
# 
# 
’7o MALIBU 
Coupe, green, loaded, good 
* m ■ cor, vinyl t o p ............... 
# f 9 8 6 
I 5 w # 
’74 COMET 
4 dr , white, 
V 8 , automatic, s o s i i A # with a ir ...................... 
# 1 9 2 7 * 2 * 6 V 5 
'72 MAVERICK 
Grabber, red, 
V-8 , 
A M F M ( 
4 m m #■% rn clean c a r .................... 
# o 9 6 5 4 
I V 
T 
5 
AS IS MECHANIC SPECIALS 
’72 PINTO 
Wgn , orange, 4-spd , with air, 
* 
A 
A 
C extro c le a n ............. 
# 1 9 7 5 8 
’71 NOVA 
4 dr., blue, 6 -cyl , automatic, 
* • A 
A 
C rodto........................... 
# 1 2 5 8 A 
I A l w d 
’68 CHEVEI.LE 
Blue, 4 dr , 
3-spd . 
V S , with 
A 
A 
C 
................... 
. 
# 1 9 9 2 
I 2 t 
5 

 acid, automatic, radio, air con s i A 
A 
C d ro n e d 
# 1 9 6 8 
I A 
T 3 
’71 AUDI IOO SI 
4 dr , blue, automatic, rodio, s i A 
A 
C a i r ................................... # 1 8 5 9 
I 2 
V 
5 

 r y e J M C D n I D V 
4dow 
" rfon‘ 
I J m t K V . U K I green with green vinyl top, oil power and oir, speed control, one owner i — a ■ j r n / 'i ib m tom*!, 7 door, blue with 
/ 5 m t K L U K T white top, 
AM radio, automatic, power steering, ole, low miles 

’ T A T A D D I 4 cY*m<**r- P°*xr steering, rodto, 
/ 4 l A r K l standard, one ownef 

*7 * 3 I I U r n i B l 
4 door sedan, 
/ a U N W 
I N green with green vinyl top, oil power and oil AM/FM stereo tope, speed control, tilt wheel, one owner 

M A D L ' I U 
*"th **"’* ¥,nyl ,oP' 
/ 5 I t l f l K R I V oil power and air, speed con 

 drive, rodio, steering, on, 

 rodio and heater 
’73 VEGA GT 

 trot, leather interior 

I T C m o n 
* , , I K o ' 
Awheel 
/ J I V / K U automatic, power 
19,ooo miles, green i y r r n n n Hite, light blue, blue landau vinyl 
/ J r U K U top, oil power ond on. fully loaded, 
AM TM stereo. 1o.ooo miles 
................ 
, 7 1 r A n r . Mover irk. 2 door, light blue, stan 
/ J r U K U dord, 6 cylinder 

’ T A r n n n Gconodo. 
2 door, 
AM TM stereo, 
/ O r U K U standard, power steering, 6 tylin der, air 9o,ooo miles 

* 7 A C A D I ^rt*' ^ '<*oor‘ wl,h ***ue ",ny* 
/ O r U K U top, radio, automatic, power steering, power brokes, on, 14,ooo miles 

 i t < C U C \ / D A I C T ***** 
^lotion Wagon, 
/ 4 L H I V K U L C T brown, AM fM with tape. standard, 4 cylinder, air, luggage rack 
• rn# b i u s - it 
Regal. 2 door. gray with gray Ion 
/ O D U ' v K dou vinyl top, 
AM.TM stereo, automotn, power steenng power brokes, mr, red velour interior 
Riviera, white with Landau vinyl 
I, fully looded. all power ond 
I miles...................... ....... 

7 3 OLDSMOBILE £!? “ w vinyl top, all power ond air 

76 OLDSMOBILE SSS*, .ITZ dou vinyl top, all power and an, 13,ooo miles ............................ .................... 
( « i r t S M iT i a r Sunbird, 
7 door, yellow, 
/ O F O N I I A I . AM IM stereo standard, 4 

*389o 

’ 2 3 5 o 

’ 199o 

*329o 

*519o 

’4 6 9 o 

’4 3 9 o 

’ 2 3 9 o 

’ 3 7 9 o 

*485o 

’ 189o 

7 6 BUICK to on, only 8.oo 

 cylinder, oir 

7 6 DODGE X 
Edition, 
AM TM 
4 door stereo, 

’4 7 9 o 

’ 6 7 9 o 

’ 2 3 5 o 

’4 8 9 o 

'3 1 9 o 

M IC s 12 m o ./ 12 ,o o o -m ile M EC H A N IC A L B R E A K D O W N 
INSURANCE IS AVAILABLE O N QUALIFIED CARS A N D 
TRUCKS 

76 CORDOBA ™ 

 l o n d o u gtoy 
LTM with tope. 

BRAND NEW 
BUICK OPEL 
CHEVROLET 

LOOP 41o & SAN PEDRO 

A ( OIB PUT I AUTOMOTIVE WOtLO" 

341-3314 

 outomatu, power steering, power brakes, 8 cylinder, oh, green with white vinyl top. 
7,ooo m iles..................................... with vinyl top, AM outomotK, power steenng, power brokes, 8 cylinder, on ............................... ..... 

 n M A U T E ^a^°‘ ^ foP 
/ L W U N I C per vinyl top. rodio, automatic, power steenng, power brakes, 8 cylinder. m r.......................................................... 
’72 CONTINENTAL 
1 7**21 power ond on, fully looded. AM TM stereo 

’ 73 OLDSMOBILE X X . ’X C ail pawer ond on. fully looded 

’4 5 9 o 

’4 9 9 o 

’ 2 2 9 o 

’ 3 9 9 o 

’ 2 8 5 o 

I I I N ORTH 
[ d PARK liNCOLN- MERCURY] 

Our Goal? “No 
••"happy Owners" 
9 2o 7 SAN PEDRO 

(I Wk North 

 af leap 41o) 

4 4 1 - 8 8 4 1 

$ 6 o o 
CASH 
REBATE 

OLDEST 
PONTI AC-GMC 
DEALER IN 
SAN ANTONIO 

HURRY - HIGHER 
PRICES ARE COMING! 

WE SELL BUICKS EVERY DAY TO PEOPLE THAT THOUGHT 
THEY COULD ONLY BUY A FORD OR CHEVROLET.” 

5 o 1 B R O A D W A Y . . 
2 2 f i * 1 ^ f i 1 
D i r . u T A r s y y ma r n wu k i 
V - 
E 
L 
V 
C J t J V J l U 
U l 
RIGHT DOWNTOWN 
- 

Leaded Firebird 
Menthly Payment 

#462 
, 55695 
Only * 1 4 o . 6 8 * 

SPIRES DOUGLAS BUICK 
Sunbird 
[ne air) #1416 
. u rn 
Monthly Payment 

Only 
* 8 9 . 2 2 * 

B i m 

I ended Grnnd Prix 
Meetly Peyment 

# 7 5 7 .. 
5S6SB 
Only * 1 3 9 . 6 7 * 
SALE 
PRICES ow 
EVERYTHING 
IN STOCK!! 
6 DAYS ONLY 

J C 
, 

BRING THIS 
AD AND BUY 
AT 4 PER CENT 
OVER DEALERS 

Hatchback #2o2 
Menthly Payment 

 leaded Astre 2-deer inane, st en de rd 
#356 . $3795 

Menthly Payment 

Only 
* 8 9 . 2 2 * 

7 
7 
( ^ 
o 
^ 

TINDALL AND SON 

P O N T I A C - G M C 
76 GAW Pickup, leaded, 
NIOM T U N TIL 

3 9 o o S A N P E D R O 
P*»*' $ *» 
Mmsthly Payment 

7 3 6 - 1 S O S 
« « > 
U r n 
< * . ‘ 1 2 4 . 4 3 • 
8 P . M 
. 

•Abu*, menthly payments based en dame payments el $5oo cash er ired. plus ta., btl. and license with eppre.ed ere *. Ta »et 

 deferred euvmunt e n c. muhrply 41 times payment shewn. Annual percent#*, rate is $13.11. 

OPEN EVERY 
NIGHT UNTIL 
8 P.M. 

I B A Y S A L E 
I34 M U T 

 a a 
, i 

 i 

B u cke t S e J th 

S I S O Lxtrd 5 8 9 5 

• SOTT RAY GLASS 
EXPIRES 
o 3o1 V8 ENGINE 
MAR. 19 

.9 AUTOMATIC TRANSMISSION 

• FACTORY AIR CONDITIONING 
• RALLYE ll WHEELS 
J 7 ~ 
o AM/FM STEREO 
* 

• BODY SIDE MOLDINGS 

• SPOR T MIRRORS - REMO TE CON TROL 

• POWER STEERING AND BRAKES 

• WHITEWALL S rEEl BELTED TIRES 
• TILT WHEEL 

• CUSTOM BELTS 

★SUPERIORAPONTIACA 
711 BROADWAY 
227-5o41 

TTI MHC 
137 BUICC 

 f j R A M B L E R . ? d o o r h o . d l o p . e i y o n d o r d 
22* o7* I 

44 R a m b l e r w a g o n . 4 c y l , g o o d m i l e s g o o d t i r e s , c o l d a i r , n e w 
S a k e s , r u n s g o o d , n e e d s c l u t c h 
<6 341 3764 
___________________ 

- a s R A M B L E R W a g o n . I ? m p g . 

73 BUICK 225 
T a k e e v e r p a y m e n t s , n o e q u i t y , c o l l C r e d i t M u - i o g t r 
J « y ftvtji 
_ 

74 E S T A T E W a g o n , o i l p o w e r , s t e r e o , t o p e 42,ooo m i 
M f 6 /2 7 

72 I o S e b r e 
4 d o o r , a u t o . a i r , 
S I oOo 69* 2254 

73? BUICK 

M l B u i c k C e n t u r i o n C o u p e . V I , a u t o m a t i c p o w e r , l o t t e r y a i r . c h r o m e w h e e l s , t o w m i l e a g e L i k e n e w 
7 / l i c e n s e S 24TS Will t r a d e 
BBA-2443_____________ 

M i B u i c k E l e c t r a L i m i t e d 
T r u e l U i u r y l W ith e v e r v p a w e r o p t i o n 
O n e o w n e r 
S H O O v a l u e . W i t t ; 
A b t u t i c e t o r t i l t s 4o4 S O B ? _______ 

3 * 
B u i c k 
L a 
S a b r e , n e e d s 
I r m a a r S M B , 411 » m 
_______________ 

• l l B U I C K l e s a b r e C u s t o m . ! d o o r h a r d t o p 
F u l l y l o a d e d 
N e w r a d i a l t i r e s , a m i m s t e r e o t a p e , ! a p p l n i c e ’ SH O O 1124 I S I ? __________ 

o 4 B u i c k L i m i t e d F u l l p o w e r 
A n 
• h e e x t r a s 
1 4 ,o o o m r S H O O w ill 
M y AEO->917 
! 

6 t i B u i c k I T O t o p c o n d . l i e n , f a d e d M i n 6S S n eB ______________ , 

S B U I C K o H i c i o l p a c e c a r s m a l l 
■BIM 111 HOI 
_________ ' 

1 4 B u i c k r e f P t L a n d a u 
A i r , , 
P a w e r 
I t r a c k s t e r e o , m a r o o n 
■ n i l e t o p . i n t o n e r 
( s i r e c l e a n 
M t B O A t t e r S IB, 4 S 1 44 1* ______ 

76 Buick Kepi Landau l l . a u l a , p o w e r . a i r . c a r e m e 
W h e e l s 
A M F M s t e r e o t o p e 
SO t o 
B P * * 
Under 
4.ooo nu 
S4tSo 

* * ISH 
_ 
_________ 
_ t i S u n s H e e a i tended St OOO 
| M | y I T a f f * 

 i s B u i c k M e a * ! owner must t a tt y t O P d s d w » th 1 o 
SMK) rn, 
Hu r r a y * 
S H * o*o 

I M B u i c k R t o e r O 
O u t e e l . * a » * 
| w * > w i n d o w s . A M S M s t e t e u 

J l ' J l A J 
B u m * M i . K I O i e n d e d E s c * ! l e n t cond 
I t e e n S H O O 
Bon r e p le t e 
I Se S t ! 1 
J I J 
...... 

B u r t S t i S S r t O - h h u n l t u u 
A u t o 
OM 
« e « * t o t * n i c e 
1 1*oo * « t w * 
— *’• * 'W M * * »•* 

7 1 R e g a l . 4 d o o r , 
" c r e a m p u b 
. l o w m i l e a g e , b l a c k v i n y l t o p a n d b l a c k i n t e r i o r . 
J i m 
B r o o k s 

J U 7 4 3 4 e x t l l s ________________________ 

7s R I V I E R A A s t r e r o o f L o a d e d ! 
171 e m Ofter ) St* O M I 

 i i R I V I E R A , fu l l y e a u i p p e d 
A l f c o n d i t i o n e d S I J S O H ____________ 

7 3 3 c r i m L A C 

74 CADILLAC $436o 
All e x t r a s V t r y m e t ' B IB SOSO 

S t C A D I L L A C C A L A I S 
S H M a r ti o d e t o r s m a l l c a r 
>44 c t s } _____ 

IS C A D I L L A C C o u p e D e V i l l e . I d o o r l o a d e d lo w rn d e a g * e x t r a c l e a n t ) C A D I L L A C C g u p e D e V i l l e , l o a d e d c l e a n 
A s k t g r K e v i n 
M c G u i r e , l i t I S I S ____________ t i Cadillac ( a ape De Ville S2SSB 
CPW 
S S M ttB ___________________ 

C A D I L L A C C O U P E SSI! 
R u n s 
T i p T o p l i t e s l i k e n e w 
B H B U I 

'69 CADILLAC SI28II 
Coapt D e v i l l e m s h o w r o o m can ditign >1B St St_______ 

I t C a d i H « < C o n r e t l i b ! * 
A e t to g p p t a d t p t a ’ 4SSB9 I 1 _ _ 
! ts 
C A D I L L A C c o u p e 
U t VIL L I low UM st ) t > S H S H I 

74 CADILLAC 5446o 
Ile Ville mon* man* extras im a n t 
. , 

* * L AIMC I AC 
I a v e I 
H e *1 w o o d 

W J ± \ ,\ A m s * L ~ 
_ 
— 
. 
I S C A D I L L A C l i O m a d o a b 
P e r u a p l , e n s m u s t s e e e n # d r i v * 
I < o d * 
S t ISA 
I M B A S I , 

 i i i I M I 
— 
— 
-b s — t i < m i n i m 
#1 D a m p * S t * oo e s t e n e n ! r o n d i tie w s O s e r o n s d v e r 

*» 
- 
— 

733 CADILLAC_________ 

C A D I L L A C 
S t E X C E L L T T V 
C O N D I T I O N 
F O R 
O L D E R 
M O O E L 
D R I V E S 
G O O D 
S I O O - A U T Q F A I R I S I S C U L I B R A 

I t i C a d i l l a c F e e t w o o d 
L o o d e d , I l ik e n e w M u s t s a i l S S I 83*4 
, 

 t i C a d i l l a c F l e e t w o o d B r o u g t l - . p m HOOP 
71S 4111 t to t__________ 

 j 7 4 C a d i l l a c 
I o w n e r 
C l e a n lo w m i t e o d e C o m s s s s s s i ______________ 

76 CADILLAC SED Deville 
L i k e N e w w o r r e n t y , T A B B i t t 

74 C A D I L L A C S C D A N . 4 d o o r l u n y l o o d s d 
L o o k s , d r i v e s e x c e l l e n t 
O n l y S 4BSo 
214 4I4 S I . 344 B H S 

*14 C A D I L L A C S e d a n D e v i l l e 
F u l l y l o o d e d 
S h o w r o o m c o n d l l . P B S m i w a r r a n t y 
M u s t s o i l 
S M S C I H B O S I 
344 B I M ____________ 

7 B C o U 9 e " d E V I L L E 
S I 4BB C A L L 
H 4 | » l 

74 COUPE DE VILLE 
1 uoOed I owner low nu Xix SSO* limn mm 
O n l y s , e g o m i a i l l u x u r i o u s ap p o i n t m e n Is, 111-BB14 

75 El QORAOQ f ’ ue m i o il e x t r a s t i p I I M 

I 
T 
* l i d o R A D O , s u n r a a t . l i k e 
U M . I ? !i l l L 

IU CNEVRUUI 

74 CHEVY IMPALA 
I d o o r C O U P E 
A u t o a i r , p o w e r s t e e n n o . b r u k e s 
T i l t s t e e r m a . v in y l r o o f 
S l t l * 
H E M P H I L L M C C O M B S 
F O R D S O U T H S I D E 
) » o I S W 
M . l i t o r , V I J s i l t 

 t i C h e v y i m p a l a 
E x c e l l e n t c o n aition s i e g e SB S e s e s ________________ 

 s t C h e w M a l i b u 
V S o u t o , a i r , p o w e r , t r a i l e r h i t c h t 2t i t l l a t t e r 
S p m 
! 

C H E V Y t i V a « a h a t c h b a c k . | r o d i o , e n g i n e g a u g e s , c l e a n 

492-9 B4 3 
1 

" t i C h e v y d r a g o n , p o w e r , e x c e l l e n t c o n d , r e a s o n a b l e I t i OO t x___ 

‘ t i C h e y e n n e 
L o a d e d 
S I S O O 
M u s t s a t ! ! 1 7 4 1 l o t s _________________ 

C l e a n I S 14 U s e d C a r s A t 
B U O G E T R E N T A C A R I S S 4 4 4 } 
111 N E 
LO OP 41o a t A i r p o r t B W P 

CUSTOMERS WANTED 

NO EXPERIENCE 

NECESSARY 

PASHOIAN MOTOR 

CAR CO n o t BROADWAY a t P o o r ! P k w y 
__________________M M M S________________ 

NORTH STAR DODGE PRESENTS 
NEW 1977 DODGE CHARGER S.E. 
2 DOOR 
HARDTOP 

 r a n t 
CUTS AT.. 
BUICK 

IVX n i i i r u Century 2-dr., nor dlop, outomatu, ow, 
1 4 O U lv K pow*t, doubts (hscksa 
#A6742A 
Blas 
53495 Now .................................... 
*2995 y 
Skyhowk, beautiful Work finish, red 
J I B U I C K interior, outomofw, ow, powti 
. 
AM TM stereo rossfft*, 18oo miles................ B A R G A I N iwx ww 
C*«b coupe, oulomotn, ow,. 
76 CHEVROUT power, original Ihroughout 
4395 

7 4 THUNDERBIRD low miles extra dean, looded *4995 

•TC r e n i n a t 
D*V,M*' o ,,°l BK* co' ,u,,7 u i / i , 
/ J L A D U L A C equipped fhoroughtv double checked 
6 6 9 5 twe / u n m A n x Fxkup, 22,ooo mil*!, automatic, ow . . . . _ 
7 4 CHEVROLET power, Hue beauty . . BfDUCCO IO ‘3795 

• •ax rn n r u 
**9°* (ooP* Soo*1 combination, ow, 
/ 6 o U I C K outomotK, power shorp 
...... 
4 9 9 5 
• WW wa lie.** Iwgto, outomotK, ow, power. Buick s finest 
7 3 BUICK sport co,, #667SA 
.......................*3695 
I, i irrw C*nfurT CUI,rt hardtop, coupe, outomofw, 
7 J B U I C K ow, power, thoroughly reconditioned, 
#426194 ........................ 
*3795 

• we eeex irx x i.ru 4 <*'■ OCg1"®!. I'Oht Hue, oufamotw. 
75 MAVERICK ow. pow*" *,onom,coi 6..............‘2895 
D1|| ru Custom flectro hordtop coupe, outomotK, 
I J B U I C K ow power very one coior combination, q beouty 
.......... 
*4495 tw i w i e r 
88 se don, outomotK, ow. power nice 
. . _ 
71 O L D S tutone color, double checked....................... 
1 9 9 S 
SPIRES-DOUGLAS BUICK 

Bli Hi rn* 

VI, Autamahc. Fewer Steering, Fewer I 

AM-FUA, Air Conditioned. Vinyl Reef. M/4o 

Seats, GETI X IS Steal lofted Bod als, Many other options # 3411. 
UST PRICE $ 6 4 o 8 .3 o 
SAU 

PRICE:*5897 

TR in st a n t c a sh * 
PAID ON THE SPOT 

CLEAN USED CARS ANO TRUCKS 
STOP IN FOR FREE APPRAISAL 

USED CAR DEPT. 

TOM BENSON CHEVROLET 
94oo SAN PEDRO 

NORTH STAR DODGE 

 t i fiiO e ra d e w hite, fu lly 
* quipped excellent tend I !*»♦ t It* tint 
>14 14id after 4 
1% 
Fle etw oo d 
B roadhorn dfci*«om> leaded. I ewnur tm macutpt* lx JOB M i CIM S ig n 

■ M A J g -M P ...... ..... .......... 
Luxury ift ) Fteeiweed Ereugn em d e l.g en t • 4 dr db .a u ld 

19/4 KED I NHiU CAO fe L UDO ADO C O N V E B t I i i t ll 
Mer ever tuning! t 
Leu 
John 

RIM* CADIUAC 
’ LL 
. lls I U 1 it Ii PAM OC VIL 
' ah r •••ut whir* vinyl lout 
I 

I i B io ie r, loaded with everyth mg, law mi ti,CBB 433 1443_____ 

4f Comoro 4, aato air Must se# to appreciate j il t s 433 3713 
SB CAM ARO AUTOM ATIC. AIR 
Cow AAonuet 341 F433__________ 
47 Cam ara 
317, 3 sad , needs body etgrk Best otter 4C4 1oo3 
7 J Camara Type LT 
Lily or ond red, fully looded 713 *147______ 

XI Com oro, auto. a ir, ti,IOO 
**oooo4 atter i ana wk ends 

4 * C o m er. Convertible 4 CVI , aute , or one* and while 
Good condition clean inside 113 4131 ext It otter I JO 433 1*o4 

Che*elle' i* i i 3*4 Clean. Lean. 
Mean1 I owner, to v stock Never rated SI4oo BH 7734__________ 

•4 1 Chevrolet 
4 c y lin d e r, call attar 4 pm, 331-oM4 
______ 
47 Chevrolet 4 deer station wagon 
Malibu Automatic, good cendi lien 6447 SM I BBC_____________ 
' 
71 Chevrolet Impale Excellent cond Low mnxog* 433 19o4 oner 

I ' l l Chevrolet Im pala C u tla m 
I coupe. V B. putpm atic. power, lactpr* air, like new 
77 license t u t s twin n e a t »l> HBI 
I FIB C H E V R O L E T 
I M P A L A 
I deer SEDAN One owner 
Very nice COM Ste**, SBI 19*1______ s* C H E V R O L E T Malibu Loaded and Per tact' t m 739iB34 
73 C H E V R O L E T Mom* Carl*. wit! finance with same Credit Cab weed* 431 I44B 
OB Ch evrplet M a lib u V B de lematic pewet lo tto ., air, vs latten! < andii.en 11 hcense »•*» 

74 E l C a m in o , license 4B4 UFI loaded, n e wi 
7242 SAN PEDRO 
341-2251 

71 impala Air, new tires, rodio. 
Stoup Coll 
SU IBF I 
_______r 

SF 
I M P A L A 
C H E V R O L E T . ' 
LO AD ED See this cur lo believe 
E xceptienpl con dition 
4o.ooo original miles Must sell Must osk tor Dan Hgtti 123-43o1_________ 
7o impala 4 dr 
USO Mechanic s 
Spacial* *33 SSM________________ 
4* Impala Good condition SS OO 
SIS OIB! arter 4 p m ____________ 

77 IMPALA, many extras 1,ooo mi SS1So will trade far anything 

•H -t iH _____________________ 
72 Impala nice 4 dr hardtop t i m 4ISO S Flores FII 7os! 
7o K in asw oo d Station w ogon, si.OOO miles txuo tvs iFXX_____ 

1*7o Kingwood Station wagon au to 
V o. with air, extra clean 
34I-9BBB______ 
_____________ 

734 CHEVROLET 
734 CHEVROLf • 

DC VIL L l SIMI 

WIW trade Fir IBB3 
Si Cha* sldtienwogun 4 Cfi 31*o bv* .t m .« » M il 
FII f i l l . ___ 

 se Chevy Caprice 
117 engine 
•Y"» t u i t ------- s i Chevy I dr hprdtee, cr prs* senti ut o x lip s vary cle a n et men# awny* M J L - i’ t***' — st C h e w Imp#id 
4 deer 
111 
•*| auk* 
B x M lerxdiieu 
13*3 

 t f > i y s i I t l l V V Impala la p e l 
Isl 

 ex (Mi I X FOlks xxi wk 

Like new '73 M O N T E C A R L O , led whrte top loaded 3MSo SI** 
S F taros, FII 7*31____________ 
LITTLE OR NO CR ED IT * 
It you have a Job ond 32oo 
We Can S E L L You A C a rli 
C LA R K S AUTO SALES 
U lt WEST Avg 
IM rest 
IF7I MAL 'BU Aute air new tires and battery 
Fortect condition t i m l l . 3 3 S 4 ____________ 
"is M a lib u C la s s ic 
O r ig in a l owner must sell Blue and white. 
E^pgr.tut' lie USB 

MALIBU CLASSIC ITM i ouded' 
AM FM 
Tab. UP lew payments 
Must ask tgr Ooh Hnili 111 SSBI 

 is M a l i b u 4 d ear. tab* up payments, »M 4xii 

 it M a l i b u I d"i hdtp 
Beta , lapdog rvat t lean signs b»««*i 

M A L I B U W A G O N 
I t 
F u lly tanned, writ harp hnpnco cpu Mr i f Mb i l l MBB 
_ ____ l l MAL IDU WAGON t i l l ! 
I i i IM I 

I t M O N Ti C ARLO LAN DA U ’oil 
• •tips cruise ipntrxri I xtettpm 
M U * F»*F> k4*9* M E T IU ___ 
J % 6 
B l f R 
III III! n II I l i f t i n Nm 

IS M O N T E C A R L O , toke UP payments coll F14 SS/1 

73 M ONTE CARLO, air, power 
Clean 323F* MI 1So4__________ 
74 M O N T E C A R L O like new 
Must sell Will help finance Call 
Mwuyt, 433 t444 
M O N T E C A R I O IF/I, S M A L L 
V I AIR, POW ER 
NEW TAGS 
MUST LIQUIDATE SIU® F U L L 
PRICE UIS CUL E B R A 
____ 

73 MONTE CARIO $265o 
Lib* new! None nicer. 
Nut sad 

It M O N T E C A R L O 
Excellent cenditiorP C L E A N Bl* SMS. atter 
7 4F4 o3C)__________ 
"*/* M O N T I C A R L O L o n d o u , bucket seats, air, tilt steering rruise, em Im, vinyl top 
$74* equity toke over pmts 333FP 14 Of i i i lies 

Toke over payments on 74 Novo 
CaU 222 IF BS ask For Dennis ofter 
I SS4-432I___________________ 
Toke over p a ym en ts on 
"71 
Com oro Coll 111 OFI. ask tor 
Dennis gttor * S3Q-431I 

"It Town. Coupe Monia, V I, A C. aute. power steering, lilt wheel, 
AM FM stereo ond case 
Only 
SS** mi et* *137 Best Otter 
7* VEGA G T , hatchback SUO mi air radio, 3 soot Equity, assume pmts New Brounlels SIS ll** 

73 Vogo Hatch air, std. radio. excellent 31oo* I SI* *17«_______ 

 it Vega Hatchback 
Aute . air, clean tu t* 333 337*__________ 

BIF. 

735 CHRYSLER 

 ta* di,T, 
3173* Coll 
SSS F/IS otter 4 
71 V EG A H ATCH BACK b, heater air 
4 speed, good condition, SU**>17 3**4 
__ ____ 

•71 V E G A H a tc h b a c k 
Geed shope 
Air. am tm,4 sod 
3771 
4391 ta* 
74 V EG A Wagon tv Chevrolet real gas savor 
E s c lie n t c ondi nee 31446 III BISS 
_________ 
Ii Vega Wagon 
GT equipped extio clean Sl|7t 4*4 34B4 

 ii 

Menie Carta Ie Oi*g owrxgi set! i xceptipnaHx (lean 

71 Monte Carlo Landau 
Vinyl root, ruby loaded db powor Now tiros wire wheel covers 
Best of care by (owner S4IB* SM 33*2 or 
M U N I 
~ . 
■ 
■ 
74 M ONTE CA RLO 
Like now J I M * 4*4 SHJ 

MUST S E L L ! TS M ania Assume paym ents or pay att balance 
Atter s M i IQBO 

Nice. 7J i m p a l a t doer1 loaded 
317*3 *14o 3 Flores *11 USI novo 7«. our gate power, cie an moo in f SM FUS IM B iff 

74 Neva Cwstxrm Landau 
L the now inside en# oat Aute toe un pow er low m ile ag e 
Ow ner 
MI tBIB, 4*o 3444 

'n N O , a 4 door * cyl st# SIB** 
3B9QE3B 

I* NOVA i til aul* V B am 
EEE. Rte B t s»sv 14* * tt i 

I* N OVA s t it 4 I Bi 
(ended s n IX 
** 
P x S x h Atria Bouto!* 

 i u n » t..... i No.... rn. v* I uh> i aa dei s must mens ilt» l t i l I M i 

*3 C H R Y S L E R Newport. 4 door loaded Maroon, whit* vinyl in- tenor Good condition 733 7334 

4i c h r y s l e r n e w y o r k l r 
441 1F3B dttor 3 weekends______ 
■73 C H R Y S L E R N EW PO RT Cos I tom 
All extras mdludes cruise control. 
AM SM 
SU** finn 
»1» *»3* 
__________ 
IFT) Chrysler t passenger wogun 
I owner ti <13 Full power AM FM lope *4* 3344 otter J 
_ 
CH R Y S L ER PL YM O U TH CITY 
7*o* NW LOOP 41o al Cutebra 
_______ 4*4 4*1o 
_______ 

 c o r d o b a IFT* Limited Edition 
Looded Lew mileege Top cond! hon M OSO otiej 
314 1 434 
__ _ 

JACK R EID ER 
C H R Y S L E R PLY MOU I H 
SEU SAN P K D R 9 
731 *111 
‘ 74 NEW 'Y O R K E R B rtu fh a m 
Super loaded includes power, suni eel In warranty 
No loosen able ofter refused 431 *23* eves week en d *_____________ ____ _ 
PR IVA TE P A R TY has I car tao many* ‘71 Chrysler New Yorker 
7) Dart tp o rt 
7} Com et 
Att looded al: p o rte d to k e your 
Chorea lor 31393 4*4 7 3X4_____ 

FINAL CLEARANCE 
New 1976 Fords at 
Factory Invoice 
* PINTO PO NY 2-DR. 
* PINTO M PG, 3-DR. 
* MUSTANG ll MPG, 2 DR. 
* MAVERICK. 4-DR. 
FO RD GRANADA J -DOOR 
KINSEL 
FORD-MERCURY 

PLEASANTON. TEXAS 
121 SO. MAIN 

5 .A . Photse 6 2 6 - 2 7 9 1 
“ Right D ow n tow n" 

1975 Executive 
GRANADA GHIA 

Tully tquipp*d including AM -TM stereo v in y l top. 

W h o le s a le P ric e 

* 
3 
2 
7 
5 

Call Vine* Fusco 
2 2 5 - 7 4 1 1 , E x t . I O O 

From 9 :oo A M . to S:oo P .M . 

/3b cornua 
736 BOGGI r n oneut 

 p w p — r n 

 r n 
MOG! 

BOERNE MOI ORS IMC 
I HR VIL ERS 
PL Y MOU t HI 
DODGE and GMC PICKUPS 
111 No Mum Eee< no MF Mo* d i r e c t l i k e i m s i p 
_ 
' i t 
( M B V I i t R 
B ro u g h a m 
4 deer nor asea tutti loaded Bs 
Ira .teen 
I rod* ills * 194 4o31, 
M4B3M 
____ i f f i f MB TSL it"" C G R P OBA 
L x u a x d 
33*4 I M , U S 
N B W ! * < 
WAR • Brist J IM*) F U 4»#i__ _ 
73 Chrysler C o 'd o h a v I uu lem p tic x x i i i lo d e r t art 
Cruise rent* u* trip. 4.1 s 
.*4* stat* u n . awner 
V a t* tow et >>•*«• 
II I m i r t I r k . now 

4B Com eru 4 cylinder 
I sa#od 
L ow mri.oEy SII MJF 
74 ChwMenaxi 4 eg! 
I spa run* ar pet1 l i f t m f 4343 
It C her per pxcvitoel tpndrtroh 
43) M U at FIB *34) 
72 Charger krill! I dr 
S4B V t 4 b t y r BUU 
«h ,1 *HA. *>) t»|! 
7* C h p iq .r SPXU 
111 
VC arf pump iusps r na pus J Auto an power 
I ruler 
AM F M 
Under dfB»*BPht M e t 141 1 7*1 
73 O ptr Spoil vt r.gritpr apx 
}))QQ 4oo 3343 t ill I* odd* thai Bar fi x so lien t 
. u« t<t. ut 
SIM* ax host atter 

"U H L 
___ 

 b O D O t I lo o»—v i 
’3 TSM *7 

HARG E I 
SIBS* a 

73 D I M CIU! CAB l f * V 4 
Bul. met I, pew* steer mg 
317* 
JAMISON M in Beauti. I l l IM I lo Depoe Cab Coleus*! Very mu m iles leaden si*** ft* 4 t i 
Ovtui* t o*3*1 3 ti* MOX 
XX DODO* COB ON I 3 
• El i i IM m* U* 3ftH68l SF*«$«« lilt 
M il hor O W epci 
334 3443 d p s I 
4 p oau PswhU 
XXOO D G i L U P, NX 3 
... 
* v n awf.. %BF» m « p !... 
34 Dxdix l u r u«*r i ) Herd F p s 

44 OPdp. Our3 a ms pppd t u t i 
4* Dad** Oort < 
CPP 
111 34*1 
1**o Oudpv Mutt ell Hit# h&ffi-i # ptFpr I'M IBM 
OOI IGI MON Af 

"I*! 
Pqsi 

MSM*, wb F H I 
.4 t u iO u t ST BT ' 
9 op fi t?1 
I i i 

M vu tv ii up 'I 

U h P A u O h 

Tenth P age 

T3D-743 • MITBHnBII FS 
73? FORD 

Express-News— Monday, March 14, 1977 

TirMtRCURY 
74o OLDSMOBILE 

MATA 
CADILLAC 
317 LEXINGTON 
2 2 6 -7 2 2 1 
12,ooo MI./12 MO. 
CADILLAC VALUE 
PROTECTION PLAN 
SERVICE AGREEMENT j_ON MOST ’77, ’76, 
'75, and ’74 MODELS 
CADI1LACS 
’77 S I . ™ , ‘132oo 
’1o95o 
>1o89o 
’1o49o 
’1o45o 
’1o75o 

’7 6 

 t y j COUPE DeVILLf 
/ / Blue Blue.. .. 

* 7 A StV,lLt 
/ O Green Green, tt y # ELDORADO 
* O (ream Ton.... 

* 7 A ElDoRAo° 
• O Ivory Ivory .. 
ELDORADO 
* O Red White.. . 
1 7 , ELDORADO 
/ O CONVERTIBLE 
Yellow Yellow. y7 # SEDAN De VILLE 
/ O Beige White .. y7 # CALAIS SEDAN 
* o Gold Brown. .. 
«7 « COUPE DeVlllE 
• O Green White ... 
, 7 , COUPE DeVlllE 
/ O Red White....... t 7 # COUPE OeVILLE 
/ O Gold Brown.... 
COUPE DeVILil 
Ivory Ivory___ y7 * COUPE DeVlllE 
/ O White White .. 
COUPE DeVILLE 
Blue White .. .. 
COUPE DeVILLE 
Cream Ion___ 
ELDORADO 
Rosewood White 
ELDORADO 
Blue Blue......... 
ELDORADO 
White White 
BROUGHAM 
Blue White___ 
BROUGHAM 
Blue Blue......... 
SEDAN DeVlllE 
Orange White.. 
SEDAN DeVlllE 
Green White .. 
SEDAN De VILLI 
Brown-White . 
SEDAN OeVllli 
Blue Blue,........ 
COUPE DeVILLE 
Tan Tan........... 
COUPE DeVlllE 
Silver-Silver___ 
CALAIS COUPE 
Blue................. 
ELDORADO 
Red White 
... 
SEDAN DeVlllE 
Gold Gold .. .. 
COUPE DeVILLE 
Green-White .. 
OTHER MAKES 

* 7 A (oMT,NtNT* 1 
• © Town C o r.... 

7 6 

.7 6 
7 5 

7 5 

7 5 

7 5 

7 5 

7 5 

7 5 

7 5 

7 5 

7 5 

7 5 

7 5 

7 4 

7 4 

7 2 

’ 155oo 
’8975 
. ’775o 
. ’859o 
*9675 
. ’939o 
..’939o 
.’939o 
. ’955o 
’9695 
’875o 
’829o 
’765o 
’839o 
’779o 
’765o 
*769o 
’765o 
‘765o 
’74oo 
’765o 
’699o 
’625o 
’619o 
’349C 

■ 
7 6 FORD LTD 
Station Wagon 

Pawer, air conditioning, luggage Rack. 
On* owner. 
’ 4 6 2 5 
Coll Joel Murray 
824-7311 Days 
349-1962 Evenings 

 i f 

I 

I 

I 

I 

I 

76 G R AN AD A, 4-door. 6 cylin d e r, autom atic, a ir, w ill help finance. 
Call Woody, 433 1464 
75 G R A N A D A 4 door 
F u lly loaded, 17,ooo m i. O w ner w ill finance C all J e rry P a rris h , 
349 6948; 826-7971 
75 G R AN AD A G H IA , 4 door, fu lly e q u ip p e d , lo w m ile a g e 
5395o 
653 5813. or 735 9421 
'74 G rand Torino, pow er brakes- s te e rin g . Am ra d io . 46,ooom i , 
Excellent cond $22oo 344 oo84 
75 G ron T o rin o E lite W hite on white, fully loaded in cluding sun­ roof 31 OOO m iles. 54895. 695 89o8 
GRAN TORINO, Nice, 72 Wagon, loaded 
5125o 
634o 
S. 
Flores, 
922 7851 
K IN S E L FO R D -M E R C U R Y 
PLEAS AN TO N , TEXAS 
S A Phone 626 2791 
Like new '74 TORINO, 2-dr h a rd ­ top. loaded 5225o 634o S. Flores, 
922-7851 
Like new '74 TORINO. 4 d r load ed. 5185o 634o S Flores, 922-7851 
Like new 74 Torino, 4-door, load ed 5185o. 634o S Flores. 922 7851 
'69 LTD. 4-dr hardtop New tires, m any new parts. V e ry good cond. 
511oo. 623-58o5 
'75 L T D , 5345o. '74 D U S T E R 
523oo 
Both excellent 
Call; 
826 55o2 
■71 LTD. pow er, a ir, new brakes, excell cond $'495 494 583o* 
'75 LTO Wagon take up balance, no equity, 532-4471, 534-6673 
■7o M averick, 6 cyl, standard, air. 
5995, by ow ner, a fte r 3 weekdays 
342 518o 
■74 M averick 6 cyl., 2 dr. miles, 522oo 822 9718 
7o M A V E R IC K . 6 cyl., auto , a ir. 
51ooo 824 9397 

7 6 
OLDS SIA WUN. 
Brown 
’865o 
’599o 
FOR RIATA’S 
SPECIAL 
OF THE DAY— 
DIAL 
22 RIATA o r 2274282 

HEW and PRE-OWNED 
CAR SALES 
SHOWROOMS 
O p e n M on.-Fri. 8 A .M . 
To 6 P.M . 
Sot. 8 A .M . to 4 P .M . 
SHOP INDOORS 

*75 M e r c u r y G ra n M a rq u is 
B rougham , fu i! pow er fa c to ry a ir, 
M tche lm tire s . One o w n e r. Low m ile a g e ’77 lic e n s e . L ik e new . 
55195 W ill trad e 923-2883 
71 M ercu ry M arauis. 62,ooo m i., 
F M , a ir, a uto., p o w e r s te e rin g , brakes 5119$ 681-1234 or 341 5o28 
■74 
M E R C U R Y 
M A R Q U IS 
B rougham . Mas e ve rything M ust see to appreciate. 828-45o7 

7 3 MERCURY MARQUIS 
4-door Sedan 
AM -FM radio 
All pow er ........................................ 52789 
H E M P H IL L MCCOMBS 
FO RD SOUTHSIDE 
19o1 S W M ilita ry 922 6317 
■76 M E R C U R Y M onarch, 4-door, auto. a ir, pow er, 55oo m i. 5485o 
224-7531, 344 9337 
•74 M e rc u ry M o n te g o , e x c e l cond., call a fte r Sam 681-2416. 

746 - TRUCKS I COMMERCIAL 
TRAILERS, BUSES________ 

77 V O LA R I W AGON, new cond! tion. take o ve r p a ym e n ts. 58oo 
^ q u itir6 5 r2 6 o ^ e v e s ^ ^ ^ _ >i<_ _ _ >>i 

742 PONTIAC 

•72 B o n n e v ille , 2 d o o r, a m -fm 
Stereo tape 
MUST 
S E L L ! 
924-1678 
__________________ 
1969 B o n n e v ille . 2 d r, h a rd to p , v in y l top. 428 cu. In. e x c e lle n t m e c h a n ic a l c o n d itio n , g o o d m ile a g e , 579$ o r b e s t o fte r . 
696 3471 weekdays, 
696-3415 weekends. 
__________ ___ 

1968 Dodge Com per Special Long 
Wheel Base V I, Auto, tra n s m is ­ sion Low m ileage, e x tra sharo. 
One of a kind. 51295. 654-6411. 
72 Dodge M axi Van. C ustom iied. 
Appt 696 966o ext. 272, 653 6847 

?4S • TRUCKS ft COMMERCIAL J92 
TBAILERSJBUSES 
*** 

‘72 Dodge, pickup. 318 V8, stand,, oir, LW B. 51695. 684-8535________ 
‘67 Dodge pickup SNB, re cently overhauled. 56oo. 656-3181_______ 
‘61 Dodae P icku p S lant 6, good rubber, new paint, new in te rio r, looks and runs good 
B ria n, 
344-3584. 
______________ 

‘7o C a ta lin a . Clean. 
5595. Coll 432 3797 ru n s good. 

‘69 C A TA LIN A 4-door, pow er, air, 
57,ooo m iles, excellent condition, e xtra clean 58oo 434-1359________ 

TRUCK LIQ U ID A T IO N 
•75 E lC a m ln o C la s s ic , lo a d e d 
5255o; ‘75 Chevy Custom O eLuxe 
1 j ton pickup 5245o; Cash or Bank le tter of cre d it M ay be inspected at 821o Broodwoy-822-o141_______ 
VANS-Buy, Sell, Trade 
6631 S.FLORES 
923-4211 
W A N T E D 
B ed fo r f la t bed 
Dum p 
W ith or w ith out tru ck. 
696-8464. _______________________ 

■67 C a ta lin a 4 -d r., a ir, p o w e r. 
V ery clean Runs p e rfe c tly ! Orig, owner. $55o 696-3867.___________ 

‘76 M e rcu ry M onarch Ghio 
Coupe M ust S e ll!! 222-1342 
1972 M e rc u ry M o n te g o 4-door, auto, a ir, steel ra d ia ls , m e ta llic light green , white v in y l top Has had e x c e lle n t care, bv o rig in a l owner. Looks and drives like new. 
341 8478 
•71 M E R C U R Y M O N T E R R E Y 4 door, excellent m echanical condi- tion. All power. 734-o86o_________ 
M ER C U R Y M ON TEG O WAGON, 
‘ 76. L O A D E D 
F a n c y ! P e rfe c t c o n d itio n 
L ow m ile a g e . 582oo new, asking 5575o. 654 6441______ 
75 MONARCH, Loaded! Low, low m iles. Take up p aym ents M ust ask tor Don H o lti 225-65o1 

75 M O N T E G O M X 
Take over paym ents, no e qu ity, call C redit M anager, 349-6948 

75 M O N TEG O , $1895. 
68o3 SOUTH FLO RES 
'73 M onterey, 4-door, pow er, o ir, 
AM -FM stereo Clean Good con- dition. 5225o 344-3978____________ 

74o OLDSMOBILE 

•74 C A T A L IN A P O N T IA C , load ed! Take uo paym ents. M ust ask for Don H a iti, 225-65o1__________ 
‘75 F IR E B IR D FO R M U LA 35o 
4-sp., oil extra s, 24,ooo m i., c a r­ e fu lly m a in ta in e d , see to a p ­ preciate. 54595 684-3572 
_____ 

‘74 Dodge Ram C h a rg e r. 4 w h l drive, auto., power, a ir, S E. pkg., 
; low m iles. 653-4443.______________ 
I ‘72 DODGE '» ton pickup LW B, 6 i c y l, a u to , w ith c o m p e r s h e ll 
51295. 684 5oo2__________________ 
; DODGE, M o n standard M ust sell today! 
W ill finance. Call D ick, 
433 1 
4 
6 
8 
________________ 
'76 Dodge ' i ton van, lust tuned, very good condition, 
673-o753, 
436-oo33 
____________________ paneled 

197o W hite Cab o v e r, 25o C u m ­ m in g s w ith 
IO s p e e d 
R o a d 
Ranger, 1135 MARCH, 923-7491 

 sam 
8o2-Mora I 
. m m 
181o MOBIL! HOMES 8>ll 

748 MOTORCYCLES SCOOUOS 

•69 F IR E B IR D sta n d a rd 35o hp, 
A M -F M tape d e c k , new p a in t, shag cornet and u p h o lste ry; vin yl lop 344 o423____________________ 
73 G RAND P R IX , autom atic, air, pow er window s, $2775. Coll Mon uel. 341 9433 
76 G R A N D P R IX 
A b e a u tifu l car I 549oo. 674-5275, eves 653-o372 
‘74 G rand P rix 
Lots of e x tro s ! 
Like new 536oo-927-5912 
_____ 
'73 GRAND P R IX 
Low m ileage 
Perfect condition 696 18o2 
’72 G R A N D V IL L E 
Take over paym ents, no e qu ity, coll C redit M anager, 349-6948 
’76 G ran P rix LJ. F u lly loaded, sunroof. Call 494-2867____________ 

Beautiful '74 Regency. A ll pow er, stere o, 6o-4o seal. Steel b e lte d tires. Bob Richey . 333-771o; nites. 
661 2849 
'72 Cutoss, pow er steering, auto., 
$17oo Coll 661 3288 

73 M A V E R IC K 6 cyl., auto . a ir, pow er steering E x c e lle n t co n d i­ tion 828 3744 
74 M a v e ric k . 4 d o o r. L o a d e d . 
Must s e ll' 533-54o7 

•74 M averick, 2 door, o ir, pow er, lo w m i. E x c e lle n t c o n d itio n , 
52,6oo. a tte r 6pm, 342-79o1 
71 M A V E R IC K 4 d r , auto a ir, 6 c yl . ra d io , h e a te r, good fa m ily cor. 595o. 923-o734. 
72 M a v e ric k 2 d r , a ir, au to . I owner $145o 655-497o att 6 

'76 Cutlass B rougham 
B e autifu l autom obile! Showroom cond All w orthw hile e xtro s 12,ooo m iles I owner. W ill sa crifice eauitv Take up lease pu rch a se pa ym e n ts of 
5175 mo. B uyer m ust have good credit 732-2321, 824 6662 H u rry 
•71 CUTLASS Coupe Red, w hite top, in te rio r. 6o,ooo m i p e rfe c t condition 51975 699 o294 

'75 G ra n P rix . R e o lly lo a d e d ! 
Sunroof, pow er seats, w indow s 
AM -FM 8 tra c k plus 27 other op lions 
Way under 
Book price. 
656-8984.______________________ _ i '74 
G R A N 
P R IX , la k e up poym ents, coll 924-6671__________ j '67 GTO 4oo engine. 4-speed, call 
674-1541_______________________ _ j '76 LeMans, 2-dr. auto m r, 53575. 
Wokely Auto Rentals, 732-6291__ 
; '75 LeM ans. 2-dr., lig h t g reen. 
16,ooo m iles 536oo 342-o93) 
I '7o LeMans. Good condition. 59oo, att 5: 349-72o5 824 9352__________ 
I '72 LE M A N S H a rd to p , a ir , power, 1-owner. 5179o. 341-25o6 

'66 Dodae Van 6 cyl. 
SHOO Coll 732-9589____________ 
DR IVE IN TRUCK SALVAG E 
P ICKUP TRUCK PARTS 
2o2 Laredo Hwy 924-6551, 924 6552 
1972 E LC A M IN O 
__________ Coll; 226-o291_________ 
74 E l C a m ino C la s s ic 35o, VB, loaded P erfect cond. M ust sell! 
531oo 
555o below blue book 
657-ooo4.________________________ 
1969 El Comino SS, 396. very good cond . M u st s e ll im m e d ia te ly ! 
58oo 341 6214, 736-o385__________ 

7 4 ELCAMINO 
V-8. autom atic, a ir, pow er. 47,ooo miles 
Free 
'77 license 
Sticker 
53695 
JAMISON M lrs. Seguin, 223 52o1 

1ooCC 1974 K aw asaki, good cond , by owner 5225, 691-1629._________ 
•74 ELSIN OR E 
Top condition. 822-7458 
G arelli Mo-Ped 6 m onths old. 52oo, 
653-3o97 o tte r 5 
_______________ 
•76 H a rle y D a v id s o n c h o p p e r 
Lots of chrom e and gold! 734-8296. 
I '76 Ha. lev D a vid so n S p o rts te r. 
I Elec. start. $255o. 656-45o4 j '76 Harley Davidson super glide, custom iied, 2,5oo rn). 226-5859 i 1 774 M orley Davidson S portster. 
E lectric start, Custom. 661 2212. 
•74 H A R L E Y F u ll d re s s H og e v e ry th in g ! Super sh a rp 1o,ooo i m iles 
W ill take tro d e 
$265o 
[ 1-625 7159_______________ i ‘75 H arley X LH SP lOOOcc 52ooo 
I Ask tor Ski, days: 221-5374 
I 
‘76 HONDA SSO 
595o 433-o341 433 9387 

CAMPING TIME! 
OO IT IN ONE OF OUR 
RECREATIONAL VEHICLES 

76 TOYOTA PICK-UP w,th camper .a ir .radio 
*3995 

76 VW BUS ouiomolit. radio, oir 
’5995 

74 VW 7-possenger bus 
......................... 
*4295 

74 VW 
9 pasLengcr bus, sun roof 
.............. 
’4495 

72 VW BUS Radio, (leon 
*2595 

74 DASHER 
Wagon, Luggage rock, ouiomolit 
’3295 

L o n e S t a r v o L K S W A G E N (x'j; 

33o3 Broadway — 8 2 4 - 7 3 ll 

758 

SERVICES SUPPLIES 
AIRCRAFT 

76 HONDA CB 4oo F-4, 33oo m i., excel cond, $8oo 38oo S.W. M ilt- to ry Dr. Space 22 anytim e 

W HY NOT order a New 
P IP E R to your own 
Specifications. 
F rank 
Adorns, 
658 o22o_________ 

75 M IN I M A X C a m p e r V a n , 
Tradesm an 2oo Dodge Self con­ tained 75,ooo mi. Clean, sleeps 4. 
575oo 655-o751___________________ 
M ini m otor home still in w a rron- ty Mony e xtro s! 653-2513 

8o1 - CAMPtRS TRAILERS 

‘ 71 E l C o m in o , w re c k e d , as 
IS 59oo Coll 696 5o58 A tte r 5pm 
’75 F o rd B ro n co R a n g e r 4 w h l d riv e , outo, a ir, po w e r, custom wheel w ells, spoke m ags, on-off road tires. 555oo 494-65o9._______ 
'76 FORD Chateau Van 5ooo m i, air, tape 57195. 223-93o9 til 7 pm 
•72 Ford C ourier, cleon, com plete overhaul. 51495. 923-7848 

•74 Hondo CB35o, only 157 m i. ex- cellent cond, otter 824-6531_______ 
75 H O N D A CB2oo o u ts ta n d in g eco n o m ica l c o m m u te r b ike , ex- cell condition. 55oo. 653-7458._____ 
•7$ H onda CB SOO T 
E x c e lle n t condition, extros. 654-1173. 
HO NDA 4oo F o u r. Low m ileage 
$1ooo 828-4518 e v e s ____________ 
1973 Hondo 45o Good cond ition. 
5575. Coll: 433-53o9_____________ 
‘76 H ondom attc 75o 42oo m iles 
51675 1-772-3o73 o tte r 6 p m 

•Ti CUTLASS 2 door hardtop $2195 
828-6355 Oft 7 ; 696-o3o3 
‘68 Cutlass 4-dr, new point, Auto, pow er 5995. 734-2o54 
CUTLASS O LDS 1971 
LO A D E D 
Take up low paym ents M ust ask for Don H o lti 225 65o1 
'76 CUTLASS Salon, loaded, nice, toke up poym ents, 924-6671 

74 M a v e ric k 4-dr., loaded cellent cond 525oo 824 8731 
•7o M A V E R IC K 
54oo M r Jordan, 674 1o61 
72 M U S T A N G , a u to m a tic , a ir, pow er steering, v in y l top, 51995. 
Coll M anuel. 341-9433. 
73 M U S T A N G , a u to m a tic , a ir, pow er ste e rin g v in y l top. 52675. 
Call Monuel, 341 9433. 
67 M U STANG 6. auto clean. 5995 341-o296 
'65 M u sta n g F a s tb a c k 2x2 a ir, pow er steering, A M -F M 8 tra c k , 
533-7783 or 532 2294 
65 M ustang F astback GT 4 speed, 
AM FM , 51ooo 653-5731.__________ 

CUTLASS S, *75, 2 door Loaded. 
E xtra clean 18,ooo m i 341 3485 
CUTLASS 76 
S ilver, 4 door, a ir, heat, om -fm , r a d ia ls 
L ik e n e w . E x c e lle n t m o inteno nce 54195 
A tte r 6 pm a n d w e e k e n d s , 
M r 
T o rre s 
681-o194, if no ans. 484 8376 
•72 C u tlass S, I o w n e r, low m r 
Loaded 521oo 679 7215 
Cutlass Suprem e '74 Blue, white landau top Low m iles New tires. 
E xcellent condition. 656 o774. 
'74 CUTLASS Suprem e, take up poym ents. 924-6671______________ 
•73 CUTLASS SU PR EM E $265o 
Tip-Top condition! 822-o)41 

‘73 LE M A N S 3 speed, sta n d a rd , low m r clean Big John, 226 o291 
•JI LE M A N S V6, auto , a ir, power steering, pow er disc, am -fm cas­ sette 4,ooo m i 
L is t 55853, sell 
548oo. 655-1595 Otter 6_________ 

‘76 FORD C ourier, 5 spd., 8 fro c k 
5285o 658 3 8 5 5 ________________ 
69 Ford E2o9 Van Pipes. M ags. 
Std. Panelled $1395. 658-3447. 
‘72 Ford F-25o custom LW B to ton 
VS, 4-speed, radio, heater Power brakes, wide wheels, heavy duty fro n t b u m p e r and g r ill g u a rd . 
L oo ks and ru n s re a l good 
By owner 51675. S eguin: 1-372-o189. 

'74 HO N D A 75o 
Offer 492 9543 
5,ooo m i. Best 

73 MONDA 75o 8,ooo m i excellent condition 696-5649. 

•74 Honda 45o 
11,ooo m r, good condition. 57oo. 736-5464._________ 
HONDA 35o 11,ooo m iles, e xce l­ lent condition $45o. 349-3649. 

‘72 L u xu ry LaM ans 2-door hard top 828-6355, o tte r 7: 696-o3o3 
68 P O N T IA C C a ta lin a , coup e, loaded, perfect! 5895 734 2o54 
‘73 Pontiac C atalina V-8, autom a tic, power, fa cto ry a ir, new radia l tire s. '77 license 
E x c e p tio n a lly clean 5179$ W ill tra d e 923 2883 

76 F o rd F t SO Custom LW B 3oo 
Engine, Std. Power. 655-6o52. 

’74 FOR D F-25o 
Take o ve r p aym ents, no e q u ity call C redit M anager, 349 6948 
'76 FORD GOOD TIM E S VAN, 
699 18o6 
______________ 
•74 FORD LN 9oo, tw in screw . 534 engine 5 and 4 tra n sm issio n . 14' 
G allon dum p bed 
2o,ooo a c tu a l im 
51o,5oo 
Canyon 
Lake 
1-935-2117 
_______________ 

1972 P o n tia c 4-door G ra n v ille 
F irst $1,ooo-684 38oo 
7o Pontioc 2 d r 
C a ta lin a . great, SHSO 822-7o62________ 

‘67 M ustang, good condition, steel belts, outo, 595o, 658-o862 
74 M U S T A N G l l 4 -cyl. loaded 
E xcellent gas m ileage. 
525oo 
342-883o 
'74 M u s ta n g l l G tita , p o w e r b ra k e s a n d s te e rin g . 4-speed, radials, econom ical 
$2295. 
341 4677 

74 
C U T L A S S 
S U P R E M E ! 
2-DOOR. V e ry c le a n 828-6355, o fte r 7: 696 o3o3__________________ i 
'74 C u tlass S u pre m e E x c e lle n t c ond in s id e and o u t! L o o k s — I drives Good. Come see! 
532oo 
732-4654.__________________ _ 
•72 C U T L A S S S u p re m e 4 d r h ardtop 521oo o r o ffe r 684-2725: o ffe r 5 p m ______________ _____ _ 

74 M ustang ll 
4 speed. A M -F M radio, rodiols. 5235o 534-1766 
M USTANG. 1976 M ust sell now 
W ill help finance. 
Call 
Dick 
433 1464 

'71 Cutlass V8 Auto . o ir, pow er s te e rin g , good tire s 
I o w n e r. 
515oo 656 5495__________________ 
74 Cutlass Very good condition 
Make otter 342 19o6 OM 6 

7 4 PONTIAC 
GRANVILLE 

Co. Executive Car 
4-door, Fully equipiitsu 

S3495 

Glass Masters Corp. 

3416129 

•74 P o n tio c G ro n P rix , V-8, OU tom otic, pow er, fo cto ry o ir, AM 
F M s te re o ta p e , fa c to r y m a g wheels, one ow ner, low m ileage. 
'77 license L ik e new $3995 W ill trode 923 2883 
_________ 

'68 F o rd p ic k u p 
N ew m o to r, point. Chrom e wheels M ust sell! 
5)o5o firm 826-5o47 aft 5. 

HONDA 25o, 6 mo Old 
Asking S»2S. 734 9984 
HONDA OF SAN AN TO NIO 
57o8 MOBUD____________ 684 3682 
‘72 Honda 45o $65o or tro d e for 
Old pickup 532-o354 532 484o 
1976 Honda 75o SS Bell helm ets, crash bars, in w a rra n ty. 7oo m i., 
516oo 654-o669.________________ _ 
1974 H onda 75o W in d ja m m e r, leggings, backrest, lug. rack. T ri­ ple A bags 518oo Im m a c u la te ! 
M ust see to app reciate! 494 7864 

TRAVEITOWN 
TEXAS, INC. 
SIN ANTONIO'S LARGEST 
TRAVEL TRAILER DEALER 

* over IOO Units in Stock 

AUTHORIZED SALIS FOR: 
HOLIDAY 
RAMBLER, 
PROWLER, 
NOMAD. 
VENTURE, 
STARCRAFT, 
HOLIDAY. DIAMOND. JAMBOREE 
MINI-HOMES 

96oo 
*93-671 i 
Across from Howard Johnson s' 
9 'til dark, Mon.-fri. 
9-6 p.m. Sat. 1-5 Sundays 

76 M obile T ra v e le r M in i M o to r 
Home. I* ' i', roof a ir, stereo. 36o 
Dodge 
3,952 m iles. 
Best offer. 
69o 8633.________________________ 
MOTOR HOME LEASE CLUB 
L im ite d M e m b e rs h ip , u p to 5 w eeks use p e r y e a r 
5125 p e r week 
27' L u xu ry M otor Home, 
822-o859 
MOTOR HOME R E N TA LS : F ully self contained 
Rates by day or week 653-61o8 
M otorhom e Rental: Sleeps 4-514o week glue IOC m ile. 655-2252 

BARBERA I 
OR BEATS 
DEALS! 
♦ Precision SERVKI is bonus 
Only 
PROVEN boots, motors, trailers Choice; T to 24 Et boots plush, plain, open Of closed deck 
(long or short sensible deck), IN of outboard, runabouts^ robins (cutty of flybndge w 'UPPft controls); get PROW ride in COBIA 2? Et fisb-ski camper 
It looks SKY­ 
HIGH in profile I price but PROV­ 
EN more ST ABU, SAHR than others w 'out cobin Ours not sky­ high HEU-IOI only 512,97o in dudes marina storage until SEPT of tonyon Lake, IN or out of water. Includes HD qolv trailer, 
BRAKES, depth/fish finder (feet A fathoms) standup 
SHOWER, galley, BEST john, 351V8 Ford-OMC 
(EVINRUDE-Johnson). 
Compare grs over S2o.ooo 
STEIS w/ 
OMC, MerCruiser, or outboards 
★ Over 17 yeors we’ve handled 
RICHLINE & IAMPRO: Only 53663 for 1977 EVINRUDf 75 hp on 
HANDIAYUP fiberglass 
SAH, sensible plain bassboat, 3 swivel seats, HD trailer, safety pkg Or 
53193 w/SS hp, 52863 35 hp w/alternator etc 
* Used 5465-5599o; BANK rates 
OWNER; 
MERC 
65 hp 
16 
STARCRAET, walk through, golv. trailer 51595. 
BARBERA SPORTS 
323 Broodway at 4th PARK FREE 
5o marine yeors in S.A. 227 2112 
9-6 p.m. Thurs Nile 9 pm 

 w/fly-by night mfgrs over 
★ See 77 GIASSMAST 

DOUBLE WIDE 
SPECIALS 
SPRING SALE SPECIALS 
EX AMPIE: 14X76’ SHERWOOD 
DELUXE 3 bedrooms, 2 lull baths, fully rarpeted. fully furnished. 
Central ait, central heat with ap­ pliances included FREE DELIVERY A 

REGULAR PRICE: $ 9 5 o o 
SALI PRICfc M A S O 
DOUBLE WIDE SPEGAL; 24’ X 
44’ CHEROKEE 3 bedroom !, atm bath Fully fumithwd. Central heat and appHcmc#* indudad. 

' ’ » * £ • A n e t ! 3 * « * o 

 in a j 
Fully r.ppfia 
ANDS 

EXAMPU: 1975 KINGSJNGTON 
14’X5o', 
2 bedrooms, 
I both furnished. Central heat and i/iances included. FREE DELIVERY 
I SET UP! 
REGULAR PRICE: $ 8 5 o o 
S A U PRICK: $ 8 8 8 8 

P.S. Out of fowner* gas a*- pansas and meals paid with purchase of mobile homo!! 
AMERICAN MOBILE 
I MODULAR HOMES 
273o SOUTHWEST MILITARY 
922-7191 
922-o441 
HOPEN 7 D AYS W EEKI! 

’71 Apache Mesa pop-up tra ile r. 
Solid state w ith stove and ice box. 
Sleeps. 922-57o2 

2o’ O P E N R O A D M o to r H om e, low mi. new tires, e xtra nice, Best otter. 735-o773 
O PEN RO AD M o to r H om e w ith 
'69 Ford I ton chassis. Good con­ dition. new tire s. 548oo 333-oo38 from 3-5pm 
R A H M BE R G RV C E N TE R 
E xclusive Dealer fo r: Champion, 
T ita n , L ife tim e M o to r H o m es, 
M ini M otor Homes 
2271 AUSTIN MWY 
655 o251 

REVCON 26’ 
F ront wheel d rive . Olds Toronodo engine, 44,ooo m i. A ll a lu m in u m c o n s tru c tio n . One of the fin e s t m otor homes built. 517,8oo or re a ­ sonable o ffe r. W ill be sold th is m onth 492 2636 

ARISTOCRAT T ra ve l T ra ile rs 
The choice of the q u a lity buyer 
R A H M B E R G RV C E N TE R 
2271 AUSTIN HW Y 
655-o251 

71 Honda 45o w ith fa irin g New e n g in e 
$7oo 
M O V IN G M U S T 
S E L L ' 661-5752_________________ 

'71 F ord p icku p 
LW B, o ir, new tires, std V8 $17oo 349-9497 
'71 Ford P ickup Short-bed. 513oo 
491 581) nights or Sundays 
74 F o rd p ic k u p w ith c a m p e r shell. Auto., coll 658-5641. 

JOE HARRISON HONDA 
Sales-Service-Ports 
36o1 BROADW AY_______ 824 9696 
Kawosaki Big Horn 35o Race or tra il, all the G oodies* C om plete o ve rh a u l. M ake o ffe r. L. D u c k ­ w orth 333 3384_________________ 

'73 F ord R anchero e x tro clean, 
A M -F M ra d io , a ll p o w e r, new rodla l tires. 52495. 653-9897.______ 
'69 Ford R anger. VS stand., o v e r­ d riv e , LW B, e x tra cle a n 5155o cash 924-5438. 

74 K a w a s a k i IOO. 
661-7761 otter 4pm 
5275 
C a ll 

K a w a s a k i 9oo 
C u s to m s e a t, w indiam m er O ther e xtra s 515oo 
C oil: 341-o243 
___________ __ 

AVION 
T ravel T ro ile rs-M o to r Homes 
TRAVELER’S WORLD 
2617 RO O SEVELT 
532-6o61 
B v O w n e r, lik e new 1974 I6M 
Shosto tra v e l tra ile r, a ir, re frig , sleeps 6 52ooo 923 5244 

RV SERVICE 
MISSION T R A V E L C E N TE R 
13o6 Austin H w y. 824-3248 
H SHASTA M IN I M otor Home 
STAHM AN N T R A IL E R SALES 
IH IO, 3 M i. north of Bocre 
RT 2 BOX 127, S A Phone 224 2426 
O PEN SU NDAY 12-5 P M 
1974 S u p e rio r m o to r hom e, 25', 
23,ooo m i loaded w ith e ve ry op- lion, like new condition. 653-8o97 

B y O w n e r; 
1971 
16' 
T r a v e l 
T ra ile r, Self Contained, Like New, 
R e fr ig e r a to r . 
S to v e , 
S in k , 
C hem ical T o ilet, S how er, M any 
E xtras, Sleeps 4-5 P rice $1985. 
653-18o7 

1973 T IT A N 2 7 'L u x u ry M o to r hom e 
4i3 D odge m o to r 
O non 
45ooKW a u x illa r y p o w e r u n it. 
C a rpe ted , a ir co n d itio n e d , F u ll b a th a n d s h o w e r, la rg e 

•74 O UAC H ITA alum inum o ir boat 
18' w ith '75 h o m e m a d e t r a ile r , ' 
5)395. 534 29oo. 
I 
| 
1976 POW ERCAT 19' 
C e n te r c o n s o le b o a t. 2oo hp. 
Johnson. S taless p ro p S a ilfis h outriggers, rod holder, compass, top Lots m o re e x tra s . O nly in 
| w ater 4 tim es. 732-4751 
_______ 
RACE SKI BOAT j 18' Stevens, W tra ile r, 4oo hp V- drive, 75plus m ph 
E x tra clean, 
I 633-2643.____________________ _ 
R a n g e r 23' S a ilb o a t, e q u ip e d , j roce-cruse, reduced. 826-3393 
ROCK B O TTO M P R IC E S on In ­ vaders and Deck Boats, Johnson 
! and M e rcu rys. S ervice and stor- 
I age at the Lake R A Y ’S M A R IN E , 
! C a n yo n L a k e , H w y 2673 n e a r 
I S to ttv ille , 1-899-211o____________ 
I Sailboat G ulf Coast 2o' w ith tra ile r 
_________________ and 5hp Seagull. 5275o. 658-o575 
, ,7J j bedroom , I bath, cen- 
Soilboots Canoes, la rge selection; tro t heat, a ir. d e lu x e 4o’ p a tio 
NEW Sailboat Shop, Austin cover, tied down, und erp innings. 
6o4 H ighland M all Blvd. *54 7171 io xIO storeroom , 
342-2234, 
•44 IS’ SE AK IN G . SOHP m o to r, 
684-7165.------------------------------------------ deep-V. tilt tra ile r, 51ooo 923-1ooo I 
SPYD ER 
One 17ft 
Dem o. 85hp M e rc u ry , t r a ile r , 535oo 
O ne 17 ft. u s e d ! 
S portscrott w ith tra ile r. 516oo 
6618 Randolph Blvd , 654-o38o 
DISCOUNT BOAT SALES 

“DOUBLE WIDE 
BARGAIN!” 
I 152 sa. ft 
24x52, 3- 
Bdrm., 
2 bath. 
House typ e shingle roof, house type siding $ 16,95o! 

Delivered t Jaf-up WEE within 2oo miles. 

AMERICAN MOBILE 
MODULAR HOMES 
3oo4 S.W. Military Or. 
922- 18oO 

12x64 3 bedroom , tu rn . $599$. 
________655-o471, 651-6356_______ 
• 12x6o F ro n tie r. 2 b r.. I b a th , w a s h r, s k ir t in g . 1ox1o s h e d fenced, 2 g arden s, pool. U S AA, 
UTHSC area, 696-579o__________ 

Two 22' long pontoons, wood con­ s tru c tio n . m ade fo r deck b oo t, p ro je c t not c o m p le te d SISO in- re frig e ra to r- fre e ie r , sle eps 8, ; eludes pions and h ardw are 
Has v e ry low m ile a g e . 511,ooo; 623-2446.________________________ 

14 x72’ L A N C E R , 2-2. a w n in g s . 
8 'x lo ' sto ra g e shed, c h a in lin k back yard, $ mt.no. of a irp o rt on nice lot.511,5oo. 656-3982_________ 

$4 FORD short bed, 352, no ru st or dents 565o 656 1298 
1974 FORD Super Van. VB. pow er steering, a ir, good shape! 5385o. 
349 8878 Otter 6 pm 

'73 K a w a s a k i 35o rn Bes. 55oo 927 2475 
3 c y l., lo w 

■74 K A W ASA KI IOO D IR T B IK E . 
53oo 658 1817 
________ __ 

'74 Ford ' j ton pickup Auto., o ir, aux fuel tanks, cam per cover. 
69o 1549. 
__________________ 
‘ 72 F o rd to n p ic k u p 5)o5o. 
684 1915 8 5 w eekdays 

•72 K aw asaki 5oo E xce lle n t run- ning cond. 54oo. A tte r 5 924-9884. 
1974 KA W ASA KI 9oo Good condi­ tion. 824-4o34 o tte r 5 p m ________ 
*75 K a w a s a k i KZ4oo top cond. e xtro s 57oo Coll 688 3366_______ 

■74 C a b o ve r C o m p e r, sle eps 4, ve ry cleon, 5995 227 493)________ 
16' C a m p e r, p a r tia lly s e lf co n ­ ta in e d . G ood c o n d itio n M U S T 
S E L L ! 51ooo. See a t W h is p e r 
W inds T ra ile r P a rk on R andolph 
Blvd. 
____________________ 

 firm price. Call 1-557-5774, Seguin, 
T x ______________________________ 
W ant To Buy M oto r Hom e Any 
Make 
Any 
Model. 
458-7641, 
656-7119 

CLOSE OUT S A LE, 1976 
C A M P IN G -T R A V E L T R A ILE R S 
K.C T R A IL E R S 
S396 
Up 
71o W EST AVE 
735-3931 

8o4 BOATS. MOTORS 

1 1 V C oachm an ca m p e r. E x tra c le a n . C o st $485o. S e ll S275o. la m 6pm 
654-1382 o fte r 
6pm 
824 3557 

‘7o FO RD to ton P ic k u p , ra d io , heater, a ir, cam per. 
225-4716, 
657 1o92 
_______________ 

69 M ustang 535o or w ill trad e for pickup 913-5695__________________ 

'74 Delta 88, 179oo clean 344 1323 
4 d r., pow er, 

'75 M U STA N G 2 + 2 
Take up paym ents, no equity, call 
Credit M onoger, 349 6948________ 
MUST S E L L ! *75 F ord G ranada 
G h ia . lo a d e d . VS, o ir , a m -fm , power windows- brakes- steering, d igital clock, m any e x tra s ! S39oo 
433-o443. 435-8121 
N IC E ) '77 F o rd W agon, loaded. 
SI25o. 634o S Flores. ♦22-785) 
N IC E ! ‘ 72 L T D . 4 doo r lo aded 
51775. 434o S Flores. 977 7851 

'71 Delta 88 M etallic blue, pow er, 
2 new tire s , a ir . W a n t to b u y s m a lle r c a r ' C lean, good cond 
A s k in g 5119$ 
W ill b a r g a in . 
458 $748, 656 1721 atte r 7. 

‘65 Pontiac hardtop G rand P rix . 
L oaded. 5445. best otter 656 IQOO 
•68 Pontiac LeM ans 2-door h a rd ­ top V-8. autom atic pow er, fa cto ry a ir, "77 license L ik e new 5139$ 
W ill trade 923-2883 

‘ 68 D e lta 88 
‘ 77 p la te s , g o o d shape 5525 473-o258____________ 
■75 D E L T A 88 R o y a le . sedan 529oo 333-3o72 
4 D r 

1947 Pontiac LnM ans 7-door, 
535o-655-o214 
_________ 
V-8, 

•72 P O N T IA C L u x u ry L e M o n s, toke up pa yments. 924-6671 

*7o 4 d r. L e M a n s, e x tra c le a n , pow er steering, a ir, radio , v in y l top, I ow ner. Coll 432-8441_______ 

‘76 Ford '> Ion. short bed. looded, a ir, PB, PS, oft rood tires wheels, ro ll bar and night lights, m ust sell, atter 5pm and a ll day weekend. coll 494 5164 
FORD '69 TW IN SCREW 
W ith D e troit 671 engine. IO speed transm ission. 655-21o1, 651-6228 

•74 K a w a s a k i 9oo, 7ooo m i. 
I E X TR A S ! 5)6oo 458-4o4o RAFB 
L ike new 1975 Y am aha SOOcc. 4 s tro k e , u n d e r 3oo m i 
M o v in g , m ust sell! 673 6992, 671 2619 
M UST S E L L ! 17$ CC P E N T O N 
696-198o Otter 3 pm 
I 
SAN AN TO NIO CY C LE SALES 
KA W ASAKI Sales, Service, P arts 
313 NAKO M A____________494 5254 

*66 F o rd Van. outo, 6 CVI. tires, $695 533 3855________ good 

585o 
71 PIN TO . 2-door 
227 6518' *2575 

•73 
CUTLASS loaded 
634o S FLORES 

Suprem e, 

•76 Pinto, 7 door. a ir heater, radio, i t owner. E xcellent cond. 225-6727 days 826 5394 eves 

66 OLDS 442 
565o 735 7517 

'71 Pinto one ow ner. 4o.ooo m iles, 
51ooo 684-3444 
•72 P in to R u n a b o u t, s ta n d a rd . 
16oo cc 4 cyl. very cleon $1o95 
495-84o7 
_____ 

'48 Olds 88. auto, pow er, a ir, 52,ooo m i.,‘77 license E x c e lle n t cond 
585o cash Colt for John 824 6421 otte r 5pm ______________________ 
•72 O tdt Custom Wagon E xcellent buy at 5)45o 732 33o9 

•74 P into Squire Station Wagon 
Standard, a ir 52288 Call M anuel 
341 9433_________________________ 
74 PINTO , sta n d a rd , a ir, 51875 
Coll M onuel, 34 1 9433____________ 

7 3 THUNDERBIRD 
Take over paym ents, no e q u ity. coll Credit M onoger 349-6948 
74 TH U N D E R B IR D 
F u lly equ ipped , lik e new c o n d i­ tio n O w n e r t w ill fin a n c e . B ill 
Thomas 349 4948 
347 9213_______ 
71 T h u n d e rb ird , fu ll pow er, fa c ­ to ry a ir 
L ik e new 
J7 lic e n s e 
51895 W ill tro d e 923 2883 

77 OLDS CUTLASS 
Toke up poym ents, 924 66/ 

$975 
42 T H U N D E R B IR D 
453 98oo 

'48 Olds Cutlass Supreme V B. ou tom otic. pow er, fa cto ry a ir, like new 77 license $139$ W ill trod e 
923-2883_________________________ 
Olds 77 Cutlass Supreme Looks like new Auto a ir, pow er steer­ ing. brakes AM -FM R etail value 
5255o. need cosh sa crifice 
52195 494 5o67___ 
__________ 
OLDS 7o Delto 88 Custom, 4 door h a rd to p , 455 VB, a u to p o w e r s te e rin g , b ra k e s , a ir 
R a d io , : clean 475-1774__________________ I 
•75 Olds Delta 88 Custom Deluxe 
4oo c u " , auto . a ir, po w e r, AM- 
FM ra d io . tape, c ru is e c o n tro l 
T ra ile r pkg , new tire s , CB $425o 
48 Torino GT. VB. auto , a ir New j or make atter » 425 32|7________ paint, vin yl root and tire s 585o 
1965 OLDS D elta 88. 77.ooo to ta l 
333-4764 
•74 TORINO SQUIRE WAOGON 
F ully equipped, like new O wner w ill fin a n c e . 
B ill 
T h o m a s , 
346-4948 . 349 9213_______________ 
'75 TORINO Wagon, iuoded J4 ooo I m i 579oo 494-4157_______________ j 

7 3 WASON SI 595 
P into S quire W ood g ra in sides J 
Air, gold calor, shgi p! 435-1441 

 m r. new pa in t, good tire s , new valves, see to a p p re c ia te . S59S. 
After 6pm, 874 1o72 
49 OLDS. 2 door P e rfe ct condi hon 8758 922 52o1 
________ 

49 XL. I door h a rd to p outo Clean $995 734 2o54 
P o w er, 

‘47 O lds 4 do o r Sedan 
Loaded 
5475 Best Otter 454 1ooo__________ 

’75 OLDS 88’ S295o 
E x c e lle n t c o n d itio n 
F u ll p o w r 
A ir 877 o141_____________________ 
71 OLDS 88. 51195 
L IK E NE W ! 344 3729 

738 LINCOLN 

75 LINCOLN 
CONTINENTAL 
TO W N CAR 

Fully equipped. Nos on ly 
2 2 ,o o o m iles. 
$ 6 9 7 J 
— ow ner w ill finance. 

82 4-73 11 D ays 
3 4 9 -1 9 6 2 I versing* 

73 O LDS L u x u ry seda n, good cond, 51,975 923 4744 922 891) 
73 Olds 98 L u x u ry Sedan F u lly equipped 
77 license L ike new 
52795 W ill trode 923 2883 

SOME REPOSSESSIONS 

AVAILABLE 
BANK RATE F IN A N C IN G 
SUPERIOR PONTIAC 

92o BROADWAY 
22.7 5 
41....... 

I ake over paym ents on 73 Pon 
Hoc 7 door V e n tu ra No e q u ity . 
Call 
824 o918 ask fo r Fred, a tte r 
7 922 7757______________________ 
•7$ T ro n s Am 
E x c e lle n t cond! lion looded 349 9459 

743 MISCELLANEOUS AUTOS 

TRADE W INDS Auto Sales 
•W E F IN A N C E * 
3oo3 SW M IL IT A R Y 
922 27o3 
WE BU Y SE LL 
USED CARS AND TRUCKS 
K IN N E Y MOTORS 

744 CUSTOMIZED CARS, SPEED 
RACING CARS_ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ 

392 H E M I, r e b u ilt fo r ra c in g , chrom ed p a rts ; 48 R o a d ru n n e r body. extra accessories. A fte r 4 

746 • TRUCKS I CDMMERCIAl 

TRAILERS, BUSES_ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ 

ADAMS TRUCK CO 
NEW and USED 
TRUCK PARTS 
1o)4 ROOSEVELT_______ 533 5)o1 
ALAM O W H ITE TRUCKS 
814 PR O BAN DT 
____________ 224 2131____________ 
Assume Paym ents, no eauitv '74 
FORD PIC K U P , coll B ill 532 5421 
74 BLAZER . 4 wheel d riv e Load- ed $4875 eves 349 1855 

74 FO RD VAN E IOO, VB. auto . air, stereo, pow er 5495o 481 1o45. 
73 FORD VAN, 12 passenger, au ­ to m a tic. a ir, m ust seel W ill fin once Coll Woody, 433-1444 
'49 FORD Van. '» ton, 4 cylin d e r w ith few e xtra s Call a tte r 3 3o. 
732-8284. 
_________________ 

•75 S uzuki GT 55o fu lly lo aded 
3,5oo m l b la c k a n d b e a u tifu l 
SI 295. 349-o685.__________________ 
74 Suzuki GT55o Good condition 
$95o 433 5439 
_________ 
7o7 S u zuki SOOT, needs re p a irs . , 
535o 661 7761 o tte r 4 p m _________ 

’67 TRIUMPH 734 6114 

74 Ford 4-WD. auto pow er, ve ry dea n 828 4355 Otter 7 :494-o3o3 
76 Ford X L T , F HO, Super cob, looded 56,7oo 432 4463__________ i J* GMC S ie rra 
35o VS. ton. 
LW B A uto disc brakes, pow er steering, radio, a ir, search lig h t 
New ca m p e r. 2 new m ud tire s . 
S32oo 223 2542__________________ 
I 72 GMC '> ton pickup. 3-speed 
Stondord 5985 454 1ooo__________ 

1972 CMC YANDURA 
I V A N 
A u to a ir c o n d itio n e d 
Radio, heater Real cle on' 
S2882 
H E M P H IL L MCCOMBS 
FORD SOUTHSIDE 
19o) s W M ilita ry 922 4317 
I 197$ GMC 4 w heel d riv e , s h o rt 
' wheel base. A M -F M stereo tape d e c k , m u d tire s , w h ite s p o k e s rim s 496 2836 
_ 
G RAN DE FORD TRUCK SALES 
IH IO and W W W hite Road 
661-6121 
I 
7o HOBBS T R A ILE R 
24', alum body, wood floor O ve r­ head d r., pow er ta il gate. 51995. 
922 5256 923 3 9 )2 ______________ 
'64 In te rn a tio n a l Scout 4 w h eel drive, m ust see!! I 433 3o?s 

72 T R IU M P H 75oCL, 5 spd Iro n s 
Good condition 58oo. A fte r 5 and weekends 342-3467. 
___________ 
1971 T rium ph 6So Clean, reason oble. 5595 227 8919_____________ 
T riu m p h o r H a rle y D a v id s o n 
Choppers W AN TED . Good contin hon 534 6247 a n y tim e _________ _ 
75 Y a m ah a DT4oo. v e ry cle on ond tost 54oo 923-4655__________ 
•73 Yam aha 45o. great condition, 
$75o Coll 333-o37)_______________ 
Y a m a h a IOO M X 
G ood c o n d , b um per b u m pers. B e ll S tar hel- m«t 55oo 492-1653 att 4 ________ 
77 Yamaha RD-4oo Under w a r ra n ty . 21oo m> $925 M ust s e ll! 
Golden, days: 671-2o47_________ 
7 5 Y am RD 22o 2ooB 5525, ‘75 
Y o m RD JSo. 565o, Y a m O T I, 
34occ Top m d 53oo. *74 H onda 
CR25oM 
Elsinore 55oo 456-o1oo atter 5 jj_ m ____________________ 

G EM 17' 
STAH M AN N T R A IL E R SALES 
IH IO, 3 M i. nor) of Boerne 
RT 2 BOX 127, S A Phone 224 2426 
OPEN SUND AY 12 5 P M __ 
H A R P ER MOTOR CO 
C A M P E R LA N D 
SALES and SE R V IC E tor 
T E R R Y , T A U R U S , T W IL IG H T 
BUNGALOW T ra ve l T ra ile rs and 
STh Wheels 
24o1 S W M ilita ry 924-5514 
H rs: M on-F ri. 9-6, Sun. I 3o-4 
H E IM E R C A M P ER SALES 
San Antonio's E xclusive 
CO ACHM EN D E A L E R 924 8334 
T e n t T r a ile r s -T ra v e l T r a ile r s , 
T r u c k 
C a m p e rs -M in i 
M o to r 
Homes. STh wheel T ra ile rs 
I 3329 S W M ilita ry , W. of Som erset 
- '74 Im p e ria l cab over cam per, 8‘, 
4 tacks, sleeps 4, fu lly equipped 
Used twice. $1,45o 695-9345 
I 
73 IN T R E P ID 23' tra v e l tra ile r 
H a rpe r M otor Co C am perland 
24o1 S W M ilitary-924 5514 
H rs M on-Frt. 9-4, Sun. 1:3-4 
‘74 LA S A LL E tra v e l tra ile r 
H arper M otor Co C am perland 
24o1 S W M ilita ry 924-55)1 
'73 Lil'H o bo 22' tra v e l tra ile r 
H a rpe r M otor Co C am perland 
74o1 S W M ilita ry 924 5514 
24' M O NITO R, loaded w ith extras. re a d y to go T ra v e le rs W o rld , 
Space 48. 2617 Roosevelt________ 
74 NOM AD, 21 $ Sell contained 
F u ll b a th , a w n in g a ir . U sed 3 lim es 734 6723, 732-6749 ____ 
Open Road pickup cam per, fu lly self contained, w ith a ir. 455-o854 o fta r 5 pm 

 of 

• WH Boat Trailer 
• WK Accessaries 
• FM! Remote Controls 
% save Mondf+ds o* Doliof* n^uu 

R A N D O L M A R IN I 
*76 Model Closeout 
Roof R ig Sole 
R A N D O ! 
M A R IN I sells m ore 
Johnson outboard* f**o” anyone else »n ff»e .km A ntonio area 
R A N D O L 
M A R IN I 
$ rf*, only 
Johnson outboard DecHe* *ho* *s 
AAA rated >n $erv*ce »n the 
Southwest 

A A A S IR V IC I a n d 
A I in S o le s 
Y o u C o n t R o o t th e R e s t! th?' best deal you tan then 
R A N D O L M A R IN I md save motors and tracers 
W e R u v o n d S e ll U s e d 
R o o ts , M o to rs , T r a ile r s 
So, D o n 't O o m b le 
SH O R R A N D O L 
Y o u 'v e T r ie d H ie R e s t 
N o w T ry th e R IS T !!! 

M e r in o 
S o le s A S e rv ic e 
I 2 o 7 W . H ild e b ra n d 

12' V bottom a lum inum boot and tra ile r, 5 hp engine, depth fin d e r, fishing choir seats. $45o 674-1835 
V e nture C a ta m a ra n $1,o9$. C all 
225-3111 or 735-1398 ask tor Al. 
W hite 1967 15 VY ft T exa s B oot, 
4ohp E v in ru d e M o to r, F u ll T ilt tra ile r. $5oo. 344-3o51.____________ 
18' W indrose sailboat w ith tra ile r, sleeps 4, custom in te rio r, m a n y extros. 227 4385 or 494-752o 

8o6 SPORTING GOODS 

Smith A Wesson, m odel 46, stain­ less steel, 357 M agnum , $275. Call 
Steve, 681 143)__________________ 
We pay cash far rifle s, shotguns, 

1945, 1ox45 three bedroom , I bath 
^urn ishe< T >$ 3o oajl94^IS LMM|i^ 
( 

812 MoOHe Home Spaces 

A d u lt and F a m ily se ctio n , c lu b house with sw im m ing pool. P aved s tre e ts , u n d e rg ro u n d u tilitie s , la rg e lo ts, no p e ts, b e st m o in - talntd park in town, on S E. M ili- tra v D r. west of IH37, across fro m 
Brooks Field. Indian H ills M obile 
Home P ork. 333-o63o.____________ 

CANYON LAKE 
E x tr a la rg e m o b ile h o m e lo t. 
$1475, $75 do w n , 84 m o n th s a t 
521 83 APR 8% 
Colt A. Jones, 224-23o3. 

8o8 HUNTING ft FISHING 

22 a cre s h u n tin g c o u n try . 5545 down paym ent. $84 97 per mo. Big deer, tu rke y, J a ve lin a On fence line of la rge ranch. Financed bv owner. 734-9363__________________ 

H IL L C O U N TR Y 
D E E R H U N T IN G 
5275 PER BUCK 
TBT RANCH 

81o MOBILE HOMES SALE 

1974. Tou ring bike. 52,ooo 
342 1 7 1 9 between 8-5. 
ZI 9oo 
Call Debbie after 5: 344-5297, 
F rid a y ___________ 
M onday th ru 

 international Trucks 
715 Sieves Ave 
534 5471 

74 Olds 9o lu x u ry Coupe W hile on ' * i4 UP., w h ite , e x c e lle n t cond 
Asking V in o 655 9217 

Bus 5o passenger. body, ond new 
Good m o to r. tires 
5225o 

73 O L D S M O B IL E W agon, lu ll pow er, m ust s e ll! W ill fin a n c e , 
COM Woolly 433 1464 
1973 O ldsm obile D elta 88 Royale 
4-door Sedan A uto a ir, pow er 
AM FM radio W ill tro d e 828 45o7 
6o OLDS, new tires, b a tte ry, mo ta r 473 164o 
_______________ 
43 Olds 68 Recent engine ever ha u l 
V e ry good c o n d itio n 
7$ license 5295 WHI trod e 923 2863 

717 - TORS 

BANK REPOSSESSIONS 
A V A IL A B L E 
Take up paym ents w ith qua lifie d c re d it A p plications accepted bv phone No oppitcalioa refused km: E A R L 
277-1415 ll 

816 CoUMI8V TORO 
Sew Antonio_______ Coll 
227 o44o 
B y ow ner, 73 F o rd C a lo rie SM. a ir. power steering- Brakes, very 
C M U , 5)971 H t-F T tt 
| f ly O w n e r 
*73 T o n n e 
81995 J 
46J )«oU otter 5 weekdu * i 
U C o u n try S q uire W agon C o li 
•23 I M I; 433-o522 
__ 
‘ 7o C u s to m 5oo, a u to , p o w e r steering, o n. $495. 45* 3*47 
‘IO Penn a n t Wagon 549o 
A*6g. s m a ll e n g in e L e e ks gad rgns ».• tog >38 6959____________ I 
6fl Pale en 3 doer aute a ir E x tra rut* Col) Monuel. 341 9431 
' 
74 FORD E L IT E looped 5395o 726 o29) 
" i i " F o rd F a irto n *. 4 d r, IS * en g ie e , ne w a u te tro n s * • m a g ' wheels. geed student ta r. 
* & £ £ > 
. 
'6* BOBO G alaxie 5oo, eutg, air steering, new bree, gaud 
57 5o 4 » -T tiB gag* 

71 LIN C O LN 4 door by ow ner 
Looeted. blue white le ath er in ter tor 
This car in real geed condi lion BIOM >36-4ooo day or night 
‘ 74 L in c g ln M a rk 
IV . s h in y 
B lack en B la ck, w ith b u rg u n d y in t , w ire w heels a lm o s t e v e ry a v a il o p tio n , p le a s e c a ll M r 
Owens at 
22* ISM. 
532 *376, 
534-1533 
7 ) LIN C O LN TOWN Coupe, m int cond SO.OM m i 539oo 341 2*48 
‘ 7o M a rk III 
C lean cond , re a l n ice ' 533M 222 6174 atter 5 
49 M ARK III 
F u lly le a d e d , E x c e lle n t c a r 
O w ner w ill fin a n c e C a ll J e r ry 
P a rrish, 349 6948 loaded 
57*oo 
71 M AR K IM, Real nice. must sell now! Desperate 
>34-1731 
_______________ 
'74 M a rk IV , a il e x tra s e x c e p t mean root 55995 u s 4/t> ________ 
74 M A R K IV , 39.OM m i Execu- l i ve equip By owner 494 1775 __ 
M A R K IV 
197}. 43,ooo m ile s 
Ciegn 54,ooo gee m /s___________ 

7 * M ARK IV One owner 
27 OM nines 83o 4355 atter > 
6*4 o3o3 
Take ever Lense en unique 1974 
C ontinental M ark IV 
Ne equity 
Ruth 45* 16*5 

71 OLDS TO R O N A D O , leaded 
4o 4o seats, pow er window s, etc 
C ruise, tilt wheal, am tm stereo ro d io 
Red. ta n v in y l to e O nly 
37,ooo m i 
L ik e new s te e l b e lt lo d ia i tires B e autifu lly cared to r . 
Red in terns 735-o773 eves______ ss OLDS Toronodo 
E xcellent, 533M *53 OOM 
Take over pa ym e n ts en 74 Cut- 1 lass Suprem e Call 
233 o9o4 ask tor Dennis atter 6 Com 454 4321 
73 T B IR O - fu lly looded, moon root, vin yl top 839M 333 3o72 

’73 TORONADO 
By Original Owner im m aculate C o nditio n' 532oo 
E ldridge , etc 828 *573 

741 PtYMOUTH_ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ 

73 O USTER 6, a ir, law m i B ig 
John 234 o391 
_______________ 
74 Ouster, auto, a ir. pow er, vin yl lop. new tire s , axe cond, 524oo 
Atter 5 3o, *74 7 oS*, Peewee 
7o DUSTER 4 c y l, std E xcellent 
51o5o 33 3 4216__________________ 

I Cannot aet in su ra n ce m ust sell! 
7 7 Blazer. 4 wheel d rive , a ir, all power, cruise control. 
575M 
534-8771 
CE N TU RY W RE C KE R SALES 
D istrib u to rs C entury W reckers 
14o3 NO A LAM O ________275 SUS 
'S t C H E V E L L E w re c k e d to r po rts >22-o792, 655 7945 OH 7 pm 

*7 C hevrolet pickup v c. autom a­ tic, power, to cto ry air, 77 license. I e xtro clean 
51395 
W ill trode 
923 3883_________________________ I 
1942 C hevrolet 
.ton LW B pickup. | good condition, a ir, 565o 4)2 8*18 
*8 C h e v ro le t '1 to n p ic k u p 
3 speed, stondord 5592 654 IQM 
73 Chevy Cheyenne 11 ton pickup 
LWB. pow er, a ir VB. auto . U resti deluxe cam per shell Looks and runs real gaud Bv ow nei 52*75. 
Seetnn: 1 372 o u t ______________ 
75 CH EV Y C lassic Van, tooaed 
Smoke dam age lo in te rio r. 17,OM m i 538*5 6 SB-o591 

■ 
■ 
■ 
■ 
K r 
D 
. 

74 O USTER condition SIH 
G uvd m e c h a n ic a l 
FOH 1171 

' I t F o rd G ataxie SM. a u to . air y , * 1 * i n n u 
73 F o ra Go id xie needs w o rd , 
S IQM IWO test otter 

TS to rt 6rM Io n ia seda n A u to a ir , p o w e r 
H earing. Brokes, rodre. v in y l r«e 
....................... 
IWO* 
H E M P H IL L MCCOMBS 
BORO SOUTHSIDE 
* * 2 ' i IU U U , 
75 Ford CTO * door, uengl real. 
POjtHii' arr. • c o tto n ! cen* 627*1 

75 i o n O P in to R u nabout toad 
• d W itt B ela fin a n c e , c a ll M i 
_ 
_ 
_ 
F a r# to n n e 
197o V I M l. **« 

 ss COMET 4 cylinder standard, r adio neater a ir 
E xce lle n t gas tmteuge 
Sutui dei r only 
5525 
313-7364 
_________________ 

47 Cauger BurgunOy Meek vin yl 
Nm . i m g top lo t. eng 
3541 p u le 35o or Bes! 

7* COUGAR to w m ileage Reel 
Iv d o o m E x c e lle n t c o n d itio n e x t r a s tv i m . B t l *95* atter 

1Cegger i i 7 Air 
.... 
‘I * C ougar I I t 
A M F M COS 
*e tie 6 me w e n o n ly 
I I M nu 

____________ 
74 COUGAR P R I legged Silver lA jjh N n M l i t HOS e v e s 
__ 

 t a u is t a m t i t t y 

Used Cars » rem Oui Renig! 6 lee! 
1 i t / * Used! 
• M i 6 o u m u r m im a l 
Pm M Im m M irbCag tin g e d 

’73 MARQUIS SU SS 
I lit 
Heel!»*» m e n . 
M ire s 

 ex M ER C U R I 4 * sedn* Bvt ”* 
H IK * Geed lr en sger igtann IIM yr tots* t i f f * MB l i p iff*** Ib m kl * r r / S ue in t I # 

1974 OUSTER st 4, tow m i 81,4/S 
933 4784, 933 8911________________ 
‘B t FU R Y 3 
4 dr sedan, very d e a n term ly car 
858# 674 ISE*___________________ 
74 P l YM O UTM C U D A 
P o w er, a u to , a rr v in y l top 
B u c k e ts , console. AM FM tapedeck, ra lly wheels 
Excettoat cond 
82998 
488 3*88 
_______ _ 
44 P LY M O U TH FU R Y III 
113 .2 ,iii - 
73 P ly m o u th G e ld O u ste r 
V I. 
?1E*£.-£1L — IS - ii* ? * I i i H I* _____ 
46 P lym outh Satellite ) dr eood engine, needs Bede w o rk 
83M i a k 49* 1748 
____________ 
1975 P lym o u th s to lle n wagon * p a sse n g e r 
A rr. p o w e r 
A ll the 
• g o o d ie s ", R e ta il p ric e 834*8 m ust seM 
8)8*5 
L o ll anytim e 
73* * l|? 
____ _________ 

14 PL V MOU t h ve lu m ! 6 CVI nu le e wee q ty . A M F M r e d ip 
SM Bee nu le t 
One owner 
H M M 

P L Y M O U T H , T I 
» 
« i , vahunt custom auto et, tow BM v d m jx m m 
I i P lym u utn Wagon 
I le u ! OU ie to w e r, a ir 
A M P M 81**4 

US i 
/ 
L 
L 
- st R O A O B U 
(C U N N I R ire s a> 

 te l toe tore 
*»*•« euud 

SN text c see*ss 
U U H% l< 

 ch* BBWER, BBBB haw 
, w iddle* S*86 #£> to ' 
7* t n le is h ia B m o » l l * ( * * « • I M 
I M i 

75 C h evy C it . V *. LW B . 
SUSQ . rod ie 83989. 435 >923 
C h e vy 7 4 * pass C h e v e n e n e super IO A u to , pow er. AM FM radio, fully equipped SIMO firm 
COE 
1 425 2*15__________________ 
•7* Chevy P ickup, 4 spd, i i Ten, ra d io . a ir. S co ttsd a le w ith Goo stnock hook up I 1*3 64*o______ 
7o Chevy pickup SMB, * cyl std new tir e s 
A 1 c o n d 
S t i l t 
48o *434 , o*1 4 48o *o23_________ 
71 Chevy p ic k u p LW B, 15o Vt, auto , disc brakes Sm ooth! 8155o 
A fter 13 735 o23*_______________ I 
73 CH EVY P ickup. ** too, call 
73* o 3 9 1 _______________________ 
74 CH EVY P ickup LW B. v8 Stan- 
oo1 d 5339', 653 187* 
_________ 
71 C H E V Y p ic k u p . M u n c e y 4 speed hiph p e rfo rm a n ce engine, s h o rt w h e e l b a s e , a ir , m o o wheels, m ony eau as, m ust see to appreciate HOM 921 JIO /; nights 
I 743 R 
I S 
I 
_ 
*4 Chevy IW B FtoeisiOe 3o3, av lo . 8o8o 341 o7o2, 187 G askin 
TO C hevy to te n , a u to p o w e r 
Very d ea n 
DO *388 otter 
7 SPB-PIRI 
I 
74 Chevy to ton pickup V I, 4 SIM. air pow er 8268o 81.1 17 » 

7 6 CHEVY V4 TON pickup Real cle an' S tondord Big 
* cylinder H eavy flu ty p iK kgge 
8JEE* 
H E M P H IL L MCCOMBS 
FORD SOUTHSIDE 
OOI 6 Bt M d rie ry *17 *1)7 

I 78 C H EVY 11 Ion pickup o CVI, kid pm tm ig>g. c a m p e r shell 

74 Chevy to ton 4 whee* d riv e . 
1 9 - d t t L lil t i n s e l ! JJ S S tlB L ti Chevy Van 14 eU ohtm iham 
■it in te l M oltenui I Ion Vee w ith 
UH *11 I I H 

*9 CHE VV YAN 
C ustom p u m l toletUH M U E 831 I j l j __________ l l C hevy V I, a u te B i*, 5drB custom deluxe S IM * i l l » » l t 
.Iii I U 1 ll Cheyenne IO New h ie s. ru n t 
9*“ m u rns a t J J U K l — 

" * • '* •* r a t r v u'" 

’74 INTERNATIONAL '/> i TON Long wide V o, autom atic. air. power 23,31* m ites F R E E 77 j license sticker 
............... 
82*95 
JAM ISON M trs Seguin, 733 52o1 
73 INT L T rovetall 52o5o 
_______ Now pom ! QSQ 7273______ I 
> S3 Jeep New lop. tire * 8135o or otter 341 o*72 o tte r 5____________ 
73 Jeep W agoneer. a u a d ra tro c 
4 wheel, deiuxe. oir, pow er, radio. 
83395. 49* 3oo7 
7* JE E P W ogonner 4 WO, 12.8oo m i A u to . a ir. p o w e r b ra k e s , steering Am tm stereo radio . In lo range 
565M 
735 3441 or 
I 6o4-753o i 73 Jim m y. 4 wheel drive , pow er, ! 
Oir. 53.o5o 494 15o6___________ 
77 J IM M Y 4 w heel dr 
4oo Y I. e v e ry o p tio n o v o ila p le 
1ox15 w h ile le tte re d tire s , tr a ile r in g s p e c ia l, a m -fm w ith ta p e , 
Sspeakers. sliding gloss windows, m uch m uch m ore! SSM m i I mo old, lis t 894oo sell to r 8795o or best Offer *94 5531 
LARGE ASSORTM ENT LA TE 
M O D EL H E A V Y OUTY 
D IE S E L TRUCK TRACTORS 
HOFFER TRUCK CO 
I 7983254 
IN T E R N A T IO N A L TRUCK 
SALES ANO SEM VICE 
PQ Box OII H a lle ttsville ,T x 
M ECH AN IC S SP E C IA L 
74 F o rd * auto ........................5*175 
74 Ford to LW B 
..............51*75 
74 Chevy V B. a lo -a ir ..........51575 
73 Chevy I ton looded ..........51875 
72 Chevy V S auto .................. 51275 
M any MORE TO Choose FR OM 
1276 New Laredo Hwy 974 4879 
M ust sell, m oving! '45 F ord SWE 
VS viand Best otter 448 1*34 

75o • WANTED MITOS. TRUCKS. 
TRAILERS. HOTOOGtCliS 

Buy Junk Cars Iron Etc 
A o rco 537 3211-433-2o3o 

CRU ME FIRST 
Lost titles no problem 
TOP CASH tor Junk Cars 
_____________923-4432____________ 
Cash tor clean ca rs and tru c k s 
L a rry Cannon Auto Sales 
563o Son Podro_____________o2o-4355 
923 4422 
CASH FOR JUN K CARS 

PRY TOP PRICES 
For w recked cars and T rucks 
A I AUTO PARTS_________ 237 IOU 

MY TRUCKS 
Sales P a rts Service 
B rouboch Egu r. -neat. 734 )69 
, 
NEW and USEO B um pers L ig h t! weight to heavy duty For oil sues of pickup tru cks *24-4551-2o2 New 
Largflp Hyyy. 
OWNER OPER ATO RS 
I a x le tr a c to r s a n d f la t b e d tra ile r s fo r s ta te w id e h a u lin g 
Plenty et fre ig h t backhauls F ull settlem ent w eekly O lder tru c k s 1 accepted 924 7273, 111 5o94 

PERFORMANCE URNS 

OF RMERICR 
C u sto m a c c e s s o rie s to r V a n s. 
Pickups, m ini trucks, MV s 
F ro m sm all in sta lla tio n s to cgm pluto Yan Conversions 
19/33 P E R R IN B E IT E L 45*o44o 
74 RAM C harger. 4 wheel drive, all power 35 Gal lank 25 OM m r 
4*9 o874 After 5 pm ______________ 
74 R A N C H E R O 5oo C o m p t*In* loaded' John, S II 7>)4___________ 
; ‘I i Ranger FUE, a ir. paw er V ery 
L > *g5 .*2l t i l * •g a * J . - l i i H i i .... 

•QUICK CRSH« 
CARS ANO TRUCKS 
RU N N IN G OR N O T ' 726 7245 
S E LLIN G YOUR C A R ’ 
H i p ric e s p a id fo r c le a n c a rs - 
Trucks, ole 2227342____________ 
TOP D O L L A R ' 
JU N K CARS, TR UC KS, SCRAP 
CALL 
343 5)o1_________________ 

USED CARS CUAN 

SMITH CHEVROLET 
1231 BROADW AY________ 223 42o3 
' W ANTED Datsun 74o Z parts 
Atter 4 pm i i , 4o)6 
__ 
WE BUY USED CARS 
ORSINGER BU IC K CO 

7S4 M S pads accessories immmmmmrnmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmwmmmmmmmmmmmm 
\ 
C E N TR A L T IR E CO. 
7o5 N FLO RES, 224 5473 
■SI C H E V Y N om ad P a rts 
I 94 
Chevy Hpoflo. 718-724I i 7 1 3o2 engine, tra n sm issio n , ex­ haust system, com plete 
8425 
I 658-49M. 
I 7 o F o rd W a g o n 
F r o n t end w re c k e d M o to r, Iro n s , s e a ls , i doors, re a r end good cond itio n 
B Reosonobte p rice 732 95o9 M 

PICKUP 
COVERS 
$188 
2171 Austin H w y_________633-oo)5 
~ R A H M B E R G R V C E N T E R 
E xclusive dealer for 
VE N T U R E Tent C om per by Slot c ro ft 
•’L ittle Castle On W heels'' 
3271 AU STIN HWY 
655 o251 
1973 R E D D A L E !7 ' 1 self con- I tamed A ir. 3 way ru in g , 2 hold mg tanks, sleeps 4. lacks, hitch, la d d e r, lu g g a g e ra c k . P e rfe c t condition! 6o4 o»43______________ 
69 S H A S TA 17' ( lilly se lf con- toined, Oir 323oo 344 4o11________ 
SH AST AePROWL E R 
We Toke Trode-m s 
Complete Service Dept, 
: 
STAHM AN N T R A ILE R SALES 
IH IO 3 Mi N orth of Boerne 
RT 2 BOX 177 S A Phone 224 7426 
O PEN SUNDAY 12 5 P M._______ 
771 SHASTS 19 
STAHM AN N T R A IL E R SALES 
IH IO. 3 Mi north at Boerne 
RT 7 BOX 127. S A Phone 224 242* 
OPEN SUNDAY 17 5 P M. 
71 27' Spartan tra ve l tro lle r, fu lly 
> s e lf-c o n ta in e d , a ir . L ik e new 
3195o 313 75o1___________________ 
STARCRAFT 
M YERS T R A IL E R SALES i i * K ingsbury 
SEG U IN . TX 
74 STARCRAFT 25 tra v e l tro lle r 
H arper M otor Co C am perland 
24o) S W M iln o ry 974 3514 

M o o a r 34o h ig h p e r fo rm a n c e en o . 2o2 h e a d s , 4 sa d , new clutch 1299 696-45o7 aft 5 
19o SL. M e rce d e s, m o to r o n iy , fo o d running cond 3*4 179o 
TO M M Y L IF T tor P ickup Good shope 653 o4*o__________________ 
USED FO R E IG N CAR PARTS 
Toyota Datsun M azda v w m ere 
T A M Auto Parts, 65o o891 
2 VW Goodyear tire s with mags. 
D6»k 11. good tread. 8 14o *27 2243 
I 
Wanted fro n t end bedv parts tor 
197o Super Sport C hevet!*, WHR cowl m agellan 341 4*o3_________ 
W AN TED 
I Set C hevrolet Pulley wheels o1o o3)2_________________ 
Wlu ckin g Dotson B HO E ngine, kid Iron s le ft side, H atchback, windshield, te a r ham per 734 7747 

^ 1 2 2 2 ______________________ 

1973 Stream line l l ', extra s Sell or trode in on house of g reater value 
*7 * 2251. 653 o143 o fte r 5 pm 
75 TE R R Y IS' tra v e l tro lle r 
H arper M otor Ce C om perlond 
74o1 S W M ilita ry 924 5514 
H rs M on-F ri 9 4, Sun 
I 3o-4 j 
5th W heel tra v e l tra ile r . SISCO equity, refinance 649 2292 
7* 2o S' T rove) T ra ile r Self-con lam ed Steeps 6 A ir. Used once 
BIB-M IB 
T ravel tra ile r. 3o . fu lly self con- lamed. air. patio doors, sleeps 4. m any extras, like new A real buy s a c rific e Can be seen a l 1474 
Austin Hwy 
*1 tra v e l tra ile r ti patio door 
Harper M otor Ce C em pertand 
.4o1 S W M ilita ry 924 551* 
Two T ra v e l T ra ile rs B oth Com oielely Self Contained w ill sell one 
Toke your pick. One is 17'*", 22 <’ 
, I 549 3o/4 
(4) Used Poe Up T ra ile rs 
74o1 S W M ilita ry 924 5514 
H rs Mon F it * * Sun 
I : l o 
I USED ITH Wheel tra v e l tra ile rs 
Harper M otor Co C om perlond 
24o1 S W M ilita ry 974 ISM 
We B U Y A L L Types e l T ra v e l 
T rollers COH M EI. *24 5»I4 
7 1 W ig w a m It'. a ir , a w n in g , spare DOM W ill trad e tor la rg e r 
A irstream or H oliday o42 C o n in e 
D rive 
8x35 Spartan tra ve l tra ile r, clean, good shape 8278o 
874 N 
W W 
White Rd f e lin e lim ie r Pure 
8o2 JMWTM Howes sites rem 

A N IS X I HA V E L C E N TE R 
38o2 N W Loop 41o m m 
____________ 

IS' A rrow glass boss boot. 125HP 
Johnson tro ll m otor, depth finde r, galvanized tro lle r 825oo 414 7 o4o 
75 Avenger Jet, 455 Olds, D o n 't 
I custom tra ile r, 67 m ph, 
84995. 
684 ^°«2 
197* BASS BOAT, I* glass, fully equipped. 7o HP E vm ru d e , golv. t r a ile r ; Iro n m o to r. 25S below i CPSI. 141 4395 
_______________ 
14' BASS BOAT w ith new m otor, 
S14M. *94 9346. 

I 
C A TA M A R A N SA ILB O A T 
Good (.ond 821o o24 275o 
25' C hrist C ra ft C ruiser, 3 yrs old sleeps 4, g a lle y , head. 13o h rs, engine tim e e xcellen t cond ition fully equipped, 81o5oo 342-2722 or 
222 o193 
_ 
D A Y S A ILE R, tra ile r, cover, m om ond lib , p re s e rv e rs , e x c e lle n t condition S85o 65o-912o_________ 

W I MARINE 
3931 Roosevelt, 934-o556 
7 4 E b b tid e h ig h p e rfo rm a n c e bass b o a t, c o m p le te ly lo a d e d , 
8 *IM a tte r 2 675 3o91___________ 
14 E lgin Boat Deep V H ull, 75ho 
E lg in M oto r, T ilt T ra ile r W ith 2 sets of skis, Life Jackets. 2. 5 gal tonks. 51ooo 4o4-1126____________ 
89 F IB E R F L IT E F ib e r g la s s 
B oat. 45 hp M e rc u ry o u tb o a rd , good fa m ily boat, V h u ll Deepsid ed Needs lire and tune up SSM 
45o-o913_________________________ 
17' F ib e rg la ss Ski Boat Been in 
S torg 
J y rs needs m e ch a n ica l re p a ir Hi Bid gets ii 673 8811 

28ft. Barth T ravel Trailer 
Due to Illness has been used very little Loaded w ith goodies. Sells 
New 811,ooo, P ric e 56.Mo, 82,MO 
D o w n . B o to n e e 36 m o s . C a ll 
22* o359 or home 715 o193________ 
15ft Bassboat, IO HP m ere . silve r tro t tr o llin g m o to r, lo w ra n g e depth tin d e r, tra ile r. 521oo C all 
699 IQM after 5pm_______________ 
U lt 
D e c k B o a t 
M e re 
65hp 74 m odel w ith tu n w a rra n ty 
New 
Large wheel tra ile r 
83975. 
T E X ALL BOAT, 222-9628 
1*7* DW F u n M a s te r, »5hp M er- 
( u r y t r a i le r 
T a k e o v e r paym ents No equity 921 l l 15 
1974 I7W G tastron boat. Inboard- 
O utboard. 13o hp G alv tin y eon tra ito r, extras. ANer 5 weekdays. oil weekend coft 333 249* 

CLEAR ANCE SALE! 
— W E ’RE O PEN 

 t o d a y — 
We Hove to Move BO Mobile 
Homes Before April Ut. 
PRICES DRASTICALLY 
REDUCED! 
Near Wholesale Ericas 
KE DIKED THOUSANDS Of 

$ $ $ $ $ 

S U N S E T M O B I L E 

H O M E S 
27A2 S.W. Military Dr. 

Fenced Lot w ith Patio A ll U tiiites. 
Area UTSA. USAA 69o-2o46 
LOT FOR 55’ MH 84o MO 
LOU NOR M obile Home P ark 
7415 C astroville Rd 433 7o64 
M ARCH Special. Lot rent 
' j PR IC E til 1978 
P LA C ID M obile P o rk, 456-oo27 
N E ,_ S h ady A c re s T r a ile r Pk fenced, store roam , trees. 837.5o. 
Near W indsor Pk M all. o26-8766 
OAK HOLLOW NO RTHW EST 843 up. Pool. nea r U TSA, H o spitals. 
*99-oo92 . 49o-o59o._______________ 
9o1 BUSINESS EQUIPMENT 

C H AIRS: Q uantity of 4M suitable fo r re s ta u ra n t use. I I J I Basse 
Rd.. 733 7347, 714-1oo1.___________ 
7 C om m ercial g a ra g e doors. IO’ wide I C om m ercial goroge door. 
I' wide I h y d ra u lic c a r lift. Old 
G o o d ric h B ld g . I l l So L e o n a 
22S-6o6o between fo m Spm______ 
Com plete grouos ot o ffice fu rn i­ ture Coll o-4, 225-5744 
F or A L L NEW and USEO K itchen 
Equipm ent and Supplies See 
Levinson R estaurant Supply Co 
19oo San Pedro 
733-o931 
F o r S ale: 5oo1b S c o tts m a n Ice 
M a c h in e S m a ll C u b e r, 5 H ead 
Post M ix D rin k System. Cole Ta hies C all 732-52o3 9-5 w eekdays, o r W rite : B 
F r a z ie r G e n e ra l 
D d iv e ry Con Con Tx, 7oo1o 

BAR BOB 

I m 
H oi Pal TM gal kettle, good cand 
V,!! 
Kl J. 
: 
SAN AN TO NIO TRUCKS 
SALES A SE R V tC B 
GMC, D iam ond Reg, Peter Ruin 
I * l f IM IO 
SQI 4811 

 r n l i f e 

AIRCRAFT services. 

SCHOOL H igh* 
•.- 
.. . 
Diesel Buses s io -o iii 
74 Seoul T e rra P u k e * 3 wheal drive togaed under ii.O M m iles 
»*tss I L I t s ! ¥ !v M 
M ' _____ 
Seers bes! exset u se b u v ile like new 548 
IO 
B itt) b i t y i t e 54, 
I i i to /* w oo*a d v t a llo t 5 p m lo b e ever wirym ems en 74 F e ta biskop Cum l i t Otto ask tor Den 
■»»% arie l 9 s is f i l l 
__________ f b re e >4 v o n M u s k * w rtb M f 
• s t ie s One J , ton Neuse f arter 
•(J rn f l i t , . 
-................ ii te v e te FU auto tow m i 
«• 
KW# | j / 4849 
FU 
* 1*oo 
* * * io T t 

. esters! sum 
71 fg y e ’ t 

ALAM O FLY E R S . INC 
YOUR F IF E R D E A LE R 
o411 MISSION RO 
921 I I I * 

( 
. ‘. N A 
, ( / 
I I A l i t ! TOOO 
5MOH, 78 H O F en } tru n n e ls 
A >o8 N A V C O M 
A T 58 Ir o n spender 
Nev a n n u a l. S it 8*8 
H a rlin g e n t x 
(511)821 5861 ar 
1511)846 I i i * Otter SPM 
L l C l 71 I T I tilt ***# SC MOM 
M b l)A 
CB new fire s a n n u a l 
54888 *94 im 
_ 

F M A N K B H A L L A I U 
LA R G E S ! 
A V IA T IO N 
INSURANCE 
B raker O ffers Mas! i f i i n - i i U l L i ' i ! 
NEW 
I t CESSNA 411 I 
Garden 
Eagle ( I Duet le a rn t high) a,. ester 
F e rry lim e e e ly, f u ll in ve s tm e n t i t earl evenum > fletgw gggsyi ta il* MBI M NIBBi AtfSMn 
T i. UH L!/ til* 
, 
1*81 se I ieee 
IEIB IM G N d u a l n u t ra m * ! S II SM 8)2 MB* 

M O T O N H O M E S 
Exclusive F ranchised Dealer tor 
XPL O KER TR A V E LO U E E N 
KINGS MIGMW BY, KEYSTO N E 
342* SO PADRE IS LA N D DR JI 
CORPUS CH R ISTI, Tx 
7*41) 
• y O w n e r, 19/4 A g e n * m e te r home JU , center bath. excellent cand 
( p s f 53/ so*- sa le p ric e 
S II.S M b e a te n tor s e llin g p u t chasing 1*77 Apalte >2' I 425 $84) 
Office I #75 *419 * to *pm , J d o rs 
Bv Owner 
It GMC • legan 1 u lt, 
* 88o m ite s 
* m e w a r r a n t y , shewreem new, m any t sir es 
3o2BBEI 
14 
Ih a iK p ie n M o lu , 
M uncy s r 
F o rd tru e * c h a s s is 
E ic e ile n t te n d Fulls contained I* PM ms ism* 
___ _ 
1*71. I ) Coachm en meter nam e 
An pawer uncut New tu e s la w 

’" • I* ! 
! * J i - 
GSBC MG I OR HUME 
FOR M N I 
- i i ! H I L M S L i i . , ! f t tm . - 
QUO Mu lot' KUiRS Ruitlai 
O fa y ana Wapato Ratos 
P H O N ! 
........„ ... 
*6* f i l l 
5 deary Motor Mem ae Heal Lew 
Ratos *8fl to o l 48*211* 

 l l ' i l l 71 HiggsC I Off. 1972, *ohp 
Johnson, D illy f ill tra ile r in p e r­ fe c t cond 1175o 
S ieve OOI 1431 < 
I wk days) or 4o4 4oo* (Sundays 
O NLY l l 
_______________ l i f t O u a c h ita a lu m in u m b o o l. j never used, m ake g re a t air bool, I 
8595 Complete w ith used tra ile r 
733 9452____________ 
H N T T r ih u tl B ass B o a t. 1971 
5Shp C h ry s le r, toot c o n tro l tro ll m o la r, sonar d e p lh fin d e r. poly f r a ile r 
Im m a c u la te 
D a y s 
533 5541. after spm ar weekends. 
53M S9I 
'74 Fun M aster l l SOhp M e rcu ry 
Golv 
T ra ile r, 
84oo 
E q uity. 
456 15o9 

71' C la s p e r C abin, sleeps 7, I D hp, d e p th tin d e r , p e r) b e a d , 
Ii o ile r.511M 456 3o37 o n e r * 
1974 CL ASTRON T IS * B ow rider p lu s ealv tr a ile r , p lu s e x tra s ! 
SMS) 6*4 3587___________________ 
Hob! 14 C atam aran W ith T ra ile r, 
8I9M I 615 38)7 or I 615 176o 
It Noble Caf 1411 w ith fra ile r, like new 814oo 656 19o3_____________ 

Home Cat Sailboats 
D ISP LAY ol STONE M A R IN E 
724o Bandera Rood 
Deale 1 
Jew ell Spry nos, 343-877o 

HOLIDAY MARINA 
Lake McQueeney i l l 557 4*22 
Open E ve ryda y except M onday 
H P 
B a ss B o o l 1)5 J o h n s o n 
Ready to Fish t it t i l l off 6 
2) 
HO hp T h u n d e rb ird 
C u lly 
Cabin w ith new CB and Tandem 
T railer aff J weekdays, aft I sal and san 341 OOI)__________ _ 
771 IN V A D E R Jet Boat. II 
STAHM AN N TR A ILE R SALES 
• MIE. 3 WU N orth of Bael ny 
RT 
I 
BOX 
1)7, 
S 
A 
Phone t it 1424 
OPEN S U N D A V l l 3 F M_______ 
7* Larson, I? 133 S vim ade trim tit), ab access OSE 1 2 ^ 
I* Lose r S a ilb o a t w ith tra ito r, 
895o Cad 344 4/86 

L E T $ G O O F F S H O R E ' 
Now C ruise 2o C utty Caam 
ISO 
OMC G aly t i astor 
I68B2 
N ew C ru is e l l 
F u ll C a bin 
178 
OML D ual Galv I i go e r, 
871*4 
New C ruise l l Vee B a w '(der U t bp E vim u de, Galv Trader S6o75 
N ew C ru is e I t 
F u ll C a b in 
*p ybrb a igwiv 2la d e r 
5845) 
Ig lu 1 day end Owtsduv HW sam mum mm 
I. EBE b*f Gweytiy > 
A 14 S aribeal and I ; a •» 

& 

 o m e g a 

■ K , 

A (mux I New I sseftessl 
Cost n i l * l i t 94** 

A D D A R O O M , C u s to m B u ilt, I 
Size, D o livo rv Term s, 913 4344 

ALMOST AN ACRE 
H ill Country M obile Home site. 15 m in N o rth on Son P e d ro O nly 
821oo. HOO d a w n , 521 44 p e r m onth., of I to fo r 144 m onths 
T h is one w o n t la s t lo n g . C a ll to d o y I 4*4-341*. 142 IOO* • LA 
K ECR OFT R E A L ESTATE 
A m erican M obile B M odular 
HOMES IN SAN ANTONIO. Inc 
; 923-7191 
933-o441 
! A ttra c tiv e )-) '« , 14' w id e Casa 
; Lam a and la rg e oak studded lo! 
UTSA USAA area 6o4 2o73 
I 2 B e d ro o m s . I D b a th s . 17x45 
1 H A L L M A R K , TI' liv in g ro o m , i POORE B tl-H E ) 
_______________ 
2 BEDROOM Unfurnished. S499J 
REO R IV E R M obile Homes 
*82-9781 
B e ry l'! M obile Home Center 
NEW and USEO 45) 4*41 
16513 IH 35 NORTH (Selma E x it) 
B u y th is m o rn in g , m o ve y o u r m obile on th is a fte rn o o n L a rg e 
H ill C o u n try s ite , IS m in 
N 
P a y m e n ts less th a n re n tin g in p a rk 
L A K E C R O F T R E A L ES 
TA TE, 494 3419 Pf 341-IIM 
I '75 Champion double wide, 3 be broom s. I bath, central heat a ir, tu rn Gum! CO --i III)" 456 1o97 

HALFWAY TO CANYON 
Nice 2 bedroom m obile on 2 acres w ith b e a u tifu l tree s 428 ti w ell, m etoi storage shod. 29 m inutes to 
N orth Sfor M all 875.8M 344 8348 
Grace Arnold 
REALTO R S M L I 
H icks 18x55, 2 bedroom , I '; both, furnished, appliances, a ir, S48M, 
6*9 HS I.________________________ I 
INSTANT CASH 
For used mob ae homes 
874 3148 
914 4434 

I 
J 6 B MOBILE HOMES 
New Used, II4 M IM ION 455 8471 
74 M agnolia double. 34x84. 3 be dream . ) bath ce n tra l heal, air ip tn fv . assum e 692-92S1 
MOBIL C HOME OWNE R 5 
Need a little extra cosh* 
WE buy M obile Heme Tires and 
Wheats 818 Each B rin g in or we pick up 
S U N S E T M O B IL E H O M E S 
27*2 5 W M IL IT A R Y OR 

___________ f2 2 -O M O 
MUST O E H 14x76 Opal ton Wye te rn M a n is te e j B e d ro o m s 
I baths c a *outed, fu rn ish e d Cen 
Ira ! a ir h e e l L ik e new t it tot 
Aflpy 4 PM. I N 9 492* 
TOF DO LLA R PA ID 
FOR USBD M O B ILE HOME 5 lie li e f t ie 4474 
I 16 to N A I OUN I M t IL * t i 
1*1 b cand Kulm 1, has stove 
H | t bed roo m 
I bath shoo 
I car e e l cento a l a n k e e l 
Law n e a tly , la k y o v e r p a y m e n ts 
I I D *7 Me tor 88 me ) f NET 
I HUX*} rn an vn 
. 
W A N T ! o*11 
USEG M O B ILE HOMES 
CASM FAST SERVICE 
_ 
MG M IL i t ESB si l l w i 1 a k i f t A m m s * 1 
BUY USEG M O B IL i HOMES 
{B L L 
M AH 
9)4 4775 

FO R S A LE OR T R A D E : 4 d r. re o c h in . v e g e ta b le b o x , so d a w a te r a n d b e e r c o o le r , m e a t coun ter, scale and s lic e r, m any o th e r g ro c e ry Ite m s , b a r a n d lounge equipm ent W ill tra d e for b o a t and tra ile r o r la te m o d e l p ic k u p . Cash ta lk s ! I E c o n o m y 
1 M a rt, 17818 O ld P e a rs a ll R d . 
Atascosa, Texas. *12-9197_______ 
FOR S A LE : sm all size c o m m e r­ cia l type team aker (F n g td a ire ). 
One chest type c o m m e rcia l Coke box 
B oth good c o n d itio n . C a ll 
S II 99* 3421 or 517 998 3481 
F ro n t end L o a d e r, 4 C Y , T erex 
72 SI, S N 414*. good c o n d itio n . 
7)3-493-44oo. Located in Houston. 
Texas__________________________ 
3o t i F a b te x m o b ile p la tfo r m . 
735 9137, 8 38 HH 5: 3o____________ 
IC E M A K E R , ice cream m achine, m ixer. oven. re frig e ra to r, ch a irs 
_______ and tobies 733 1197______ 

• 
LE A S IN G • 
Specializing in Business and Professional E quipm ent 
Save Tax Conserve C apital 

GLENN FOSTER, INC 
26o3 Broadway___________ IV 9181 
IM Microfiche Reader Printer, overhead protectors, tran sp ar­ e n c y cartridge protector and copy machine Sony video corder 
IBM Bleating machines Concord lope cassettes and recorders of bee fu rn itu re 734 5891_________ 
NCR 7 Total w ith ta x a b le T o ta l 
Cosh Register 534-1498________ 
R e s ta u ra n t and k itc h e n e q u ip m e n !: v e n t a h o o d . c h a r c o a l b roiler, a n il, steam table, booths, cash re g is te r, ice ch e st A n su ! 
S p rin k le r system , b u ilt-in even, 
• heTP SLX o925 
________ 

 e Rough yellow Pine e 
LUMBER 
Good Lum ber Good Lengths 
1*1 ......................................... IOC LF 
2x6 ..................................... I * 1 ic LF 
7x8 ......................................... 24C LF 
DITTMAR LUMBER 
• SOQ SfGt/in Rd, m -3141 o 
S ham poo bock b a r, J sham poo bowls. I pro h a ir d rye rs, I w ark stations. 
2 h yd ra u lic ch a irs 
OSE- 1 
E 
S 
S 
______________ 
Small NCR 4 Total Cosh R egister. 
514 3488 

 yu p *ib re f rig 

A IM C LU M B A R B SUPPLY 
IEE I Austin SI , 716 1417 t * J f !l!» y _ 6S f fl i t____ 
A l BABO E N T E R P R IS E S 
MAS E V E R Y T H IN G 
___ ’ 9 tiiiL y 
O a m g n g g x i Bg IR H t s * . Q u i, 
Stoa Bldg Wood Siding le tm x f t t L i f i i L i l 
................... ... 

o3 BUILDING M in im s 
! 9oS POSTMUS BUILDINGS 

^lf 

DITTMAR LUMBER 
SOO SEGUIN • 226-3141 

Genuine Strong Bom Comite Iron length to M 
$24.9$ sg. 
I d ? Rough cedar lumber..................... $$< tin. ft. 

Railroad ties............. $4.9$ eo 
Asbestos Siding.........$26.9$ sq. 
Oak Whiskey barrets ..$14.9$ eo. 
24o lb. SZO rig., tolars $14.9$ sq 
I Sib. felt 4-sq: roll.. $7,29 roll 

Insulation 3 V S"..... 9V»4 sq. ft. 
Insulation 6"...............164sq.fi. 

THI M O N EY SAVER 
MasterCharge 
BankAmericard 
Where Cash buys at Wholesale 

Repo, portable g arao e. 12x31* floors, terms, tree del. 4S3-9111 
Slightly damage 12*24 Red Born, must sell tree del, terms 924-o32o 
Used 12x12 Double Door Garage 
Terms, Free Delivery 924-SOQ3 
8x14 All metal, w eather proof, security lockable storage shed. 
Ideal for tools. hay. equipm ent storage. 
$5oo 
151o 
S. 
F lo re s ;r 
224-431o. 
ANTIQUES 

987 - fUflWITUBt 
.914 jumnuES 
'914 4MTIQII.es 

B E A U T IF U L Queen-Size Soto 
Bed, 2 matching chairs, cocktail table and end tables, $1*5. Velvet couch, $1oo. Love Seat $7$. Choirs 
$5o Assorted colors. Chrome ond 
Glass Tables $15. each All Wood bedroom sets, D in e tte s 
Con 
Deliver SM ITH C O N STRUC TIO N 
349-4127. 
D IS P L A Y E D Bu t N e ve r Used. 
Complete Housful Furniture. Will 
Trad e for E q u a l V alu e. All or 
Some. Can Deliver. SM ITH CON­ 
STRUCTIO N 149-4127 
D IS P L A Y E D Furniture, Brovhill, 
Lane, Bassett, Serta, Thomasville ond other name brands. Available at S M IT H C O N S T R U C T IO N 
Please Come Make an Otter on all or one piece 349-4127 

AN N U A L S P R IN G S A L E 
Antiques-Collectibles 
Reduced Up To SO** Below List 
1o-5 lOMarch to 3 April, 
C a la m ity Ja n e 45o H w y 78 
Schertz. Tx. 458-7782. 
AN TIQ U E AUCTIO N 
Sunday. Mar. ll, I 3o PM 
G ary s Antique Auction House 
Lockhart, Tx. - Coll 398-37o1 
Antique Side B o a rd O ak w ith beveled glass m irror. 
$175. 
734 3741.___________________________ 

Near the Corner Antiques 
Depression glass ond Furnitre 
5513 FM 78, 441-3o54 

N ew and Old Shop, 3o5 W e st 
Ashby (N ear Sac) 732-8888. Old 
P in e Sa fe , T ab le s, L o v e s e a t, 
Trunks 
Large Silver Sam ovar 
E t c . _______________________ _ 

OP A'S ANTIQUES 
22o3 S. Hackberry 

Before You Buy... 
VISIT DACBERT’S 

A N T IQ U ES IN B O E R N E 
Short Drive North 
/friend! i shops in our orca 
Antique Teaster B e d ; antique rosewood sofa; Orville C arr sofa. cost SSSo, sell $25o. 824-54oo 

E A R L Y Am erican Bedroom Set, includes Triple Dresser. Hutch, 
M irror. Chest. Night Stand, Bed and Foundation. $2So. Displayed 
Only Can D eliver. S M IT H CON- 
STRUCTIQ N . 349-4127.___________ 
E X T R A Firm Orthopedic K in g ­ size M attress. 2 Box Springs in 
Foundation. $75. Still in Original 
Package. Other Sizes Cost Less. 
Can Dtliver SM ITH CONSTRUC- 
TION. 349-4127 

LEPPARD LUMBER* 
Louvered Screen Door In serts 
| $19 95. Window Blinds $5.5o New 
S c re e n Door $12 5o. Solid Core 
Doors, $21.5o New Asbestors Sid- 
|ing 
$9 oo 
Bundle. 
31o3 
W 
Commerce___________ __ 
Moffett Lumber Co 
"Dependable Since 1935" 
I Coll or see us tor delivered prices 
(w ith in 4o m i. of S .A .) on 
, P R E F A B root trusses, exterior wall sections, interior partitions, j or com plete house S H E L L on your plans or ours. 
W H O L E S A L E 
R E T A IL 
4o7 N Zorzomorg, 432-7881 
I Used P o rt. B o rn 12x14, 12x24. terms, free delivery 453-8111 

Fullslze complete beds. $49.95 up. 
Gas ranges. $49.95 up Daybed, 
$39 95 up 
Fawcett Furniture 
414 Doloroso, 227 4512 
Karotkins Downtown Thrift 
Basement. New-used furniture 
231 E.Commerce. 227-4341 
LA C K'S Discount Warehouse 
Used Furniture and Appliances 
943 C O LIS E U M OR 
225 7444 
M E D IT E R R A N E A N Kingsize Be droom Suite. 7 piece Con Deliver. 
$175 
SM ITH 
CO N STRUC TIO N , 
349-4127 

9o8 MWR BROKERS 

SOUTHERN JEWELRY CO. 

Are Your Antiques and Collecti­ bles Properly Insured? Certified 
Inventory, Licensed A ppraiser, 
Phil Moron 734-5448 

BESS' ANTIQUES 
545o Old Seguin Rd., 441-5582 
Bronze bust, signed VanD erStra ten, 
IS” , origlonal 
Patina, 
733 7775. 

2 p a in te d wood co lu m n s, 
9'lo"x14'‘ did.. $2oo. Painted wood mantle, 9'11"x8'9", $5oo I painted wood mantel, 44"x7', $1oo. Late 
18oo v Call 824-41o5 after 5pm. 

DISCOUNT WEEK • PRICES SLASHED on Pianos • O rg a n s - G u ita rs - Drum s 
All Knob* Pianos.................. ..................................... 2o% Off 
New Kimball Whitney Piano, Reg. S^WN....Reduced to $ 8 M 

Kimball model 3oo Organ, Reg. S I * ? . .. Seduced to $1195 

Kimbailjzrand Piano, Reg. 
Reduced to $2198 
R e n te d -O p tio n To Buy 

A s k A b o u t o u r k a n t - t o - O w n n o n d o w n p a y m e n t -n a o b lig a t io n 
SH OP our N o w N o rth sid o Store a n d S a v e 
5235 WALZEM RD, - 654-6661 
O ld Southside B arg ain Store 
14oo Noflalitos - 223-6151 

 niiiiuun uiunu nullo, nag. jyjxrt/ . . 
O rgans A Pianos Rontec 
DACBERT’S s 
. 

E x p r e s s - N e w s — 
M o n d a y , M a r c h 1 4 , 1 9 7 7 
E le v e n th P a g e c 
DOGS— PETS 

936 

A A-A KC Shin Tzu pups. temples, shots. 455-5o34. 

J j O S S j W S W P ^ 

A A AKC SH IH TZU P U P S 
Males, temples, shots. 342 7o3o 
Accepting Deposits on AKC Rep 
Irish Setters, moles $95. Fem ales 
$85 
Available 
19 
M arch 
77. 
| 423-3475 
ACK Golden Retrievers, 7 six wk. old males. $125. 1-549-3284_______ 
Adorable AKC Yorkie Puppies 
534-1455_____________ 
•AKC A FG H A N S* 
Pups • Stud Serv. • 344-728o oft 4 

Q U E E N ’S ANTIQUES 
28o9 Fredericksburg 
Hours: 9-5 
1845 Ste in w av C oncert G ran d , rore collectors item. Rosewood, e le g a n t c a rv e d legs. U sed in 
Stetnway Hall 1-845-1878. 733-7775. 
T A IL EN D A N T IQ U ES 
2o% off oil Hems Sun- Mor 13 
H A T T IE 'S ATTIC 
Dropfront Desk 
In Colonies North Mall 

BU Y-SE LL-AP P R Al SE 
Best Prices Paid for Antiques 
P H IL W IL L B O R N 
TOWN & C O U N TRY A N T IQ U E S 
824-2749 34o9 Broadway 735 2414 

Dally I to 5; Closed Monday 
414 S. Seguin St., Converse 

Used 14x2o Mobile Home Add On 
Terms. Delivery. 924-5oo3. 

Texas Pine Kitchen Cabinet 
Oak Larkin Desk 
A N TIQ U E C O TTA G E, 5o8 Polios 
THE 
Different Drummer 
Antiques Accessortes-Colieetabies 
1o2o TO W N SEN D , 824-374* 
ALAM O H EIG H T S 
7TH S E M I A N N U A L 
ANTIQUE 
SHOW 6 SALE 
March 18 19 1oAM-9PM 
March 2o, Noon ■ 4PM 
CIVIC C E N T E R 
New Braunfels, Texos 
AD M ISSIO N . $1 oo j_______ Good All Three Days______ 
To Sell your Antiques 
O N E AND A LL 
A i C i i A U T a k i t I i'm i c e 
H eres the number for you to call u A b L i G n I A N I I U U t a iv ja o o . xn-tneo frosh nnidi 
1525 MC 
C U LLO U G H 
227 48o1 

C R A D L E S 
Grqbo Antiques, 2934 Austin Hwy 

CROWN HILL ANTIQUES 
D IJO N P L A Z A , 77o1 B R O A D ­ 
W A Y, 824-1991 
Slant Front Am 
D esk. F r , A rm o ire B la n k e t 
Chests. Pine Cupboard, Hooded 
C rad les, G ra n d fa th e r C locks, 
Four-Poster Bed, F r. Dining Ta­ ble and Chairs, Baskets, B rass ond Pewter E t c __________________ 

9o5 PORTABLE BUILDINGS 

All wood. 12'xl4’, $575, 12 x24',, 
$8oo, tree del. 455-2343____________ 
A Used 12x4o Heavy Duty Floor 
Double 
Door, 
Terms, 
Del. 
732-5171.______________________ 
Damaged used price lo sell 8x8. 
8x1o. 
1ox1o storg bldg del. 
484-1234 
Damage 12x4o Stor. Bldg heovy duty floor free del terms 923 4344 

E S T A B L IS H E D 19o4 
W E B U Y & S E L L 
D IAM OND S 
P LA T N IN U M 
GO LD 
S IL V E R 
A P P R A IS A L S 
M A D E 
ON 
JE W E L R Y » F O R IN S U R A N C E I 
P U R P O S E S AND E S T A T E S 
325 ALAM O P LA Z A 
224-1424 j 

91o APPLIANCES 

Gorham Lancaster rose serving spoons- cocktail fo rks; 47 SIN I cholos magazines 
1918-1924 
732 4484____________________________ I lf you have Antiques, Je w e lry , 
D iam o n d s, S te rlin g , G o ld or 
Oriental Rugs to sell, you'll get the 
Best P ric e from San Antonio’s 
Finest Shop: 
Regency Antiques 
Irs Brenner, 822-544o. 342-5o 

433-24oo. 413-o34o (cash paid) 
___________ JIM L IS T E R ___________ 
We repair old Pum p Organs 
ED G A ID A 'S 
A UTO M ATIC M U SIC CO 
28o4 N Flores 
711-1544 

 roe IHI i a sn si r is u it s 
ON A WANT AD 
THI N U M tlt TO CAU 
IS 225 16o6 
I « PIM SS AND NI W S 

PORTABLE BUILDINGS 
6x8.$295 
8x1o..$396 
Other sizes available 
Q U A LIT Y C O N ST R U C T IO N 
Heavy-Duty Floor Included 
DinMAR LUMBER 
5oo Seguin Rd. 
226-3141 
P o rta b le B u ild in g s M oved bv 
Morgan Bonded 453-8)11. 

WHOLESALERS 
SALE 

Freight damaged in odd lot mer chandise. built in appliances, rer- frig e ra to rs , d is h w a s h e rs , washers, dryers S A V E U P TO 
5o% 12o1 E. Houston St (Shlocks 
E a s t of downtown post o ffice, park in re a r building, Monday- 
Fridav only. 9 am-4 pm I 

918 COINS & JEWELRY 

Doctor's Investment Group is in­ terested in buying coins, stomps, rolls, proofs, gold, Franklin Mints, ets Contact D r Vogt, 736-2o79. 

Individual wants silver coins, In­ dian head and W heat pennies. 
Express-News Box 7479, Please give telephone number. 

92o CAMERA PHOTO EQUIP 

Show. Pet 
AKC A FG H A N S 

AKC Airdate T e rrie r, Fem ale 9 m os old 
C ham pion B lo o d lin e 
$15o. 695-374o______________________ 
AKC Alaskan Malam ute Fem ale 
IO mos 654-3857___________________ 
AKC B a sse t Hounds 2'; male 
I fem. 
Sell both 
426-1968 
_ 

 yrs I 
Cheap 

FOR FAST 

RESULTS .. 

Place Your 
Pet Ad Today! 
Cell 
Miss Moo re 

2 2 5 - 1 6 6 6 
TNB* 

Alaskan Husky Puppies for Sate. 
$1o eg Aft 5 :3o 494 2892_________ 
Beagle Pups. female 
$15 441-4o7o 
________________ 
B O R D E R C O L L IE P u n A R F 
Reg. Stud Service. 449-1224.______ 
B o rd e r C o llie P u p p ie s . $15. 
Cocker P op Puppy, 53o 826 1455 
Boston Bult Puppies 
924-3725 
_____ 

 rn LIVESTOCK m SLIPS 
94o UVESTOCK-fEED-SKDS 

A-HALE T R A IL E R S 
Horse Stock ond Gooseneck 
New ond Used, tor Sole or Rent 
Also feed Barrels with Lids 
S L IM P O IL CO Off IH 17 
533-5151 
6o4 
Carolina nites 
344 7215 

AKC Basset M ale, Reg. 6 mos 
Atter 5 924-425o__________________ 
A K C B o rd e r C ollie tem , I yr 
Beautiful m arkings, ve ry intel- liqent $1oo. 344-27o2 
___________ 
AKC Boxer at Stud 
______________342-4181______________ 
AKC Brittany Spaniel 2o months. 
Good started hunter. $2$o- AKC I months old Germon Short Haired 
P o in te r, s ta y s ond com es on command Will retrieve in water. 
$1oo- 433-39o9______________________ 
AKC Chihuahua Puppies, 
653 1475 8 2 4 - o 3 9 7 ___________ 
A K C C ocker Sp an ie l P u p p ie s. wormed, shots. 927-235o.__________ 
AKC Cockers 4 wks. shots 
______________ 341 5o24 
_________ 
AKC C O L L IES . CH Sired 
______________ 623-4511______________ 
A K C 
D ach sh u n d , m in ia tu re female. 2 yrs. 696-8242.___________ 
AKC D A LM A TIO N P U P P IE S 
455-3693 349 5815__________________ 

C o ck e r P u p p ie s , B lk , wormed. $3o 349-8497 

_ _ _ _ _ 
A LL G O ES 4 horses pius 2 horse j w ks. troller 696-4866 
____________ 
A M ER IC A N C A N C ER SO C IET Y 
D R A ST IC A LLY R E D U C E D 
O P E N H O R SE SHOW 
AKC Old Eng Sheepdog Pu p s,! ^ or5*i 
*9 ond 2oth M arch 18 
Championship breeding 681-o498 ofter 6 p.m. 
_____________________ 
Fem ale Pup Pleosont Disposition,! also good watchdog, pound bound 
492 9933. 492 2417_________________ 
F R E E puppies to a good home '} 
Dachshund ' i Poodle 494-7159. 
Germ on Shepherd female 2 yrs 
Old $75 432 4336. 
German Shepherd Pups, AKC 
Exc. Bloodlines • 653-2751 
G em o n Shepherd Puppies, mole $4o fem. 461-561o________ 
$5o 

G e rm an Sh ep herd Pu p s, AKC parents. 6 wks 735-o187 __________ 
G e rm a n S h e p h e rd P u p s $2o 
694-4418 otter 5 p m ______________ 
Germ an Short hoir puppies, oft 
5pm 658-2329______________________ 

I AKC G reat Dane pups. Fa w n s 
$15o Terms 923-4496_____________ 
AKC Irish Setter Puppies 333-6442 oft 5 or on Sot-Sun.________________ i 

VA SH IC A 35 mm with flash ond case, $15o 496 9546________________ 

922 MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS 

BA LD W IN O RG AN (Orgo-Sonic 
54R) 
696-4844 
>• Cello. K E S S L E R Like new 
$295. 655-1128 

42$ N Main .. 724-5526 
SS 
Wonderland ..732-8259 
SS 
North Stat ... 344-o748 
SS 

 iii iii ii iii ii in ii, i 

$ 1 o .o o A M o n th 
M oot i 

A B A L D W IN 
M IA N O 
SDA* Apollo* AA K m Nb if 
SIMS BALDWIN 
• l l L o th h ill- S o l m o R A . 
3 4 4 -4 5 3 9 

AKC Doberman$. 2 Puppies. IO weeks old 923 3858_______________ 
AKC Eng Springer Spaniel P u p s , 
Ch 
Sire d , shots, exc a u a lily 
Show, pet. 735-1618, 924-8146. 
AKC Germ an Shepherd male, mos. shots. 494-8242._____________ 

A K C 
Iris h 
S e lle r 
P u p p ie s , wormed, shots. 458-8448.__________ 
AKC Irish Setter 6 mo femole. $6o 
494 17oo 

G old en R e tr ie v e r Stud A K C , hunter, show qual 734 8845______ 

G R E A T DAN ES 
Champion sired 1-755-4694 
H alf A laskan Husky- Holt G e r­ m an Shepherds $45-$S5 Shots. guaranteed heolly. I 379-oo12 
Irish Terriers, AKC, born Feb. 4, good with children, good watch dogs, non-shedding. I 755 Biol. 
M A L E Tov Poodle puppies $4o 
No checks. Atter 6 pm 646-5982. i Med Size Apricot Poodle, male, good with children. $5o or best otter. 922-183o 

 starting 7 p m all roping events 
Judging events starting 8 a rn on 
Sat Mar. 19th Judges Mr Mike 
Hughes of Dallas, Tx and Mr Gill 
Sw itz er of G u lf P o rt, M iss 
2 
Troohy Saddles to high point win ner in each age group High Point 
Winner ot Show a 2 horse trailer courtesy of Siimp Oil Co and Hale 
Trailer Co. All proceeds going to the A m erican C ancer Society 
Bexar Co. Sheriffs Mounted Posse 
Arena 181 S at Foster Road For 
Info 337-3754 

$ 1 1 o 7 

HARRIS WESTERN CENTER 
1 -7 7 2 -3 6 3 4 
6 2 2 -9 3 o o 

HAY Delivered 
I 48$ 1361, 1-997-3747 

AGHA 3yr old Filly 3 bor and Leo bloodline Gentle ond Greenbroke 
$4oo 435-8398 
B a b y C a lv e s $3o $5o 
Calves $4o silo 922 8449 
G ro s s 

AKC Irish S e lle r Pu p p ie s Fo r 
Sale $5o Call atter 5 333-3418 

Mixed Poodles 4 yr. white mole, 4 y r. black fem ale, need lovin a hom e, sold as p a ir only, $4o 
733-1731 otter 5 ond weekends 

AKC LA BR A D O R P U P S 
Ch lines $85 826-3393 
AKC large miniature Poodle, AT 
Stud Coffee with cream, 344-1217. 
AKC Lhasa Apso. male, l ' j yrs old had all his shots Beau tiful light gold I 583 33o8 or I 582-1159 
1 8 
- 

22 Month old, Very friendly talk­ ing Am azon Red head P a rro t, with cage, w ill talk price. Cai! 
674-8917 Oft 3 3o__________________ 
Need Good Home tor 4 mo old 
Male 
Fox 
Terrier 
Puppy 

 i H A Y P O R S A L E , H e g a n 4ooo 
: bates 
1-449 1354, 
I 449 1591, i I 449-5721_________________________ i 8o4 IHC on gas with 5 bottom J D 
; Moboord plow 
V ery clean and 
I good ru b b e r. F o r Q uick S a le 
; $3895 474 1 5 o 4 ________________ 
John Deere Double Tool Bor. 4 
Row P la n te r. Continental Red 
Seal Irrigation Pump Both Good 
Condition 484 377o, Poth_________ 
1 Leopard Appaloosa Stud Service 
$75. Eves 434 7542_____________ __ 
L a Lighted a re n a Longe ring, board, train. 44 Ac. 453 2452 

B rig h t Jo h n so n G ra s s H ay in 
Macdona Auction Sale 
Born. $4$ a Ion Ja c k M innev, 
E ve ry Sat 12 Noon, Cattle, sheep, goals, horses. 12 mi. S.W . S .A. 
Form Rd. 2173, Mocdono, Tx 
N E E D B U IL D IN G fo r fo rm , ranch, com m ercial? Call Sturdy 
Structures, 494-3318.___________ _ 

B A R K E R S U P P L Y 
12' i aa import barb 
.. $15 95 
4' > ti domestic lee post 
St 98 t'» or 1’ > Staples SOtb Box $19 5o 
42" twist stays per IOO 
. . SIS 95 
»» ' PVC pipe per IOO ll 
$8 SO 
3143 S E M ilitary Dr 333 4(141 
Breed Your M are lo the G reat 
Palomino Stallion Mr Perfection 
Frank 
M cClaran. 
824-2349; 
824-5o43. 

Quemado I 757 1329 
Bull Red Angus, Quality Yearling 
$325 824 4393; 1-426-4489 
C A T T L E , G o a fs, Sh eep and 
Horses for sale 622 9216. 
•Coastal Bermuda* 
Sprigging and custom work, also chisel plowing and hay bailing 
1-742-8415. Schumocher Bros 

Coastal Hay, dry stack, near Po fee! 
Bargain 
I $49-4o73; 
I 742 3742 
______ 

M ERCH AN D ISE m iART 
■ 
M 
A 
2 2 5 -1 6 6 6 I 
oQUALITY 
o DISCOUNT PRICES 
o LO W CLASSIFIED RATES 
GET THERE FIRST! 

928 MERCHANDISE MURT 

A CO NTRACTO R C LO SIN G OUT 
Ladders, tools, counters, shelves. paint and rooting, window fans. 
Open M arch IS and 16 1927 W. 
Commerce 734-4627 
_____ 
A ir com pressor De V ilb iss 5o1 with hose and mask used twice. 
$4o 654-6288 
A ir Cond 
24,ooo B T U $1oo 
Washer ond D ryer $2oo 533 5554 

44 C H U R C H P E W S , 2o ft long, mode of birch wood, not padded but with padded kneelers. Call 
512-424 OI39^Son Antonio________ 
Clarinet, Evette ond Schoeffer, by 
Buffet New Pads. Excellent In- strument >25o. 344-4922.__________ 

Fisher stereo changer on top, 2 speakers cost $289 for $135. Kirby vacuum cleaner excellent 
$75 
224-3793____________________________ 
For Sale 
Two Sporty Cycle He! met*. Like New, Very Reasonable 
2334 Glen Iv y _____________________ 

Moving Must sell, sofa, love-seat, lamps, coffee table and end to­ bies att 4pm 313-4254 
M U ST S E L L ! B la ck letherette chairs Cost $25 eo Set! $1o ea 
341 8134 days 349 33o3 eves 

Collector wants German M ilitary items, W W I and W W II including 
Regimental Beer stems 455-3841 
Colored TV, 19“ portable. $125 
Block and white portable. $45. 
733-o762 
______________________ 
AIR C O N D IT IO N ER S 
HOT D A YS CO M INO 11 Friedrich ! 
Color TV $175, cedar chest $4o, c u rio cobnets-. W eeken d s and window AC 22o outlet, 82oo BT U , otter 4 pm 331o Quiver 
A1 condition $185. 734-6162 

Air conditioners: used, complete 
Iv reconditioned AC units Both 
HO and 22o volts All sizes 4o dov guarantee Atter 5 call 656-2691 or 
455-o984___________________________ 
A L A V R E Z B A N JO 
________$275, Firm . 696-2489 
A lib rary of 2o5 hardback Dec- tective Club books. 341 1185. 
ALL SEVI RELY PHOTO 
' Studio Negatives Sale 
Fo rm e rety at N 
M ain St. C a lh 
L a u r a at 674-222o or H a r r y : 
224-4461 tor further information 
A L L K IN D S O F F U R N IT U R E !! 
Nice Hide-A-Bed $125, Double Bed 
$4o Maple Chest $39, Desk $29, 
Coffee Table $15. Antique W a r­ drobe. D re s s e r 
Too M uch to 
M en tio n A ll 
17o5 W e st A ye 
732-6595 1o 6pm __________________ 
Alm ost new. W o rd s S H P fille, used 5 times, 927-3928 otter 4pm 

C o lo r T V, good co n d itio n $95 
Cosh Coll 922 4133_______________ 
Color TV 25" RC A Console, E x ­ cellent Condition $18$ 342-3174, att 6 492 2874.____________________ 
Calor Tv. RCA 16" screen Good 
Condition $75 494-1292___________ 
COLOR TV $9$. Refrigerator $45 
Both working goad 924 2846 
23" Color TV set $14o 
C A LL A N Y T IM E, 69o o327 

A m ateur Collins U W M I serial 
849, lop condition $35o 822 3996 
AM F M am p receiver. Pion eer 
SX34 M u ltip lex w ith din. $75. 
L a d y 's bike, 24" 3-speed. $5o. 
M e n 's b ik e 2 4" l-sp eed , $4o 
W icker dressing table $15. Box springs ond m attresses. I twin, si5, I double, $25 Weekdays atter 
5pm 455-8o37______________________ 
Antique "D e s k T y p e " L ib r a r y 
Table. On* D ra w e r, On* Shelf 
Below, excellent condition very sturdy $1oo 344 4922______________ 

Cooker Frye r. Elec ond Automa lie, Teflon never used $12 Sun beam floor polisher, electric $15. 
Geiger Counter, never used Bar- gotn $4o 735 8o39_________________ 
Couch and Lo veseo l. Bed and 
Dresser. 
Reasonable 
Eves. 
6S5-47I3______________________ 

FREIGHT SALVAGE 
Bent Steel Pipe 

Fiberglass Tubs ft Showers 

W ater Heaters 
Steel Tubs 
Cost Iron Tubs 
Sinks Lavoratories 
Many Other Hems 

224-o672 

M U S T S E L L P A T IO F U R N I ­ 
T U R E Beautiful like new white um brella and table with 4 blue white choirs $3oo B u rry: 699-o148 
Old penny gum boll m achine on stand 484 5o35 
I 
Old 34" roll lop desk restored $45o 734-5283 
S " roll. 

O « S c a le s ond 19oo Old F la t trunk 424-2317 
____________ 
O LD T A P P A N ST O V E. $5o 
684-4936_______ 

Trundle bed Pecon wood, drawer style lower bed, excellent condi­ tion $15o 484-Q488.________________ 
TV 17x28 block ond white, 4 yrs old, good cond. $75. 223-8163 
Twin Beds. Box Spring ond M at­ tress, 5 drawer chest, very good condition $175 223 2o47__________ 
Twin beds, complete. C all after 
4:3o PM , 534-5958._________________ 
T y p e w r ite r 
IB M 
{e le c t r ic - checkwrite paym aster loveseat 
734-1o9o_______ ____________________ 
U N IT ED F R E IG H T S A L E S 
No. I 
................... 1o4 E LA M A R 
No 2 
1o41o P E R R IN B E IT E L 
Fine Furniture - Fraction pl retoil 

C R IT C H ET T PIA N O CO 
No Time Lim it on Rentals 
Rental Purchase Pion 
19o7 W Woodlawn_________734-4217 
Fen d er Jazz Bass, new cand , I cose ond stand. S225 494-4144 
' 
‘61 Gibson E S 125 Tune-a-matic 
Shaders H ard Shell C ase P lu s 
Gibson Skylark Amp. and Acce* 
OH tor S35o. 673-34o3.______________ ! 
Guitar, 12-stnng with case. Good condition. SSO. 734-97o3___________ 
Hammond Organ, 52oo series, 2 k e yb o ard , a u to m a tic rh yth m 
S a c r if ic e at $15oo. C a ll Tam 
924-9*44 or 653-oo81_______________ 
Large Selection of Antique 
P L A Y E R PIANOS 
E D G A ID A 'S 
AUTO M ATIC M U SIC CO 
28o4 N Flores____________ 733 1544 
L U D W IG D R U M SE T 
_______ Coll Otter 5, 653 37o1 
____ 
O RG AN S and PIA N O S R E N T E D option to buy no time limit 
Dacbert’s Music Plaza 
14oo N O GALITO S 
223 6151 
5235 W A L Z E M R P 
454 4461 
ORGAN . W orm ier M U ST S E L L ! 
W IL L S A C R IF IC E ! 
Toke offer. 
694-3635____________________________ 
P e a v e y OOO Booster, 45o w att amp., 4 ohm, $175 484-S6S3.______ 
Sacrifice New Thom as O ragan 
M odel 263 C aliforn ian in H ard 
O ak 
S p a n ish 
C a b in e t, 
2 
Keyboards and Rhythm Section. 
W ith M a tc h in g C h a ir 
C a ll; 
924-4377 or 732-3979_______________ 

AKC L h aso Apso co m p u tab le male and female 
$75 eoch 
654 o226____________________________ 
AKC Min Schnauzer mole, 2 yrs. 
Great Pet 673 29oo_______________ 
AKC Norwegion Elkhound Pups, v e r y re a s o n a b le , m a le s and temples 484 2272._________________ 
AKC Reg Lab mole. 7 wks pick 
Of titter 585 822 389o_____________ 
BKG SamoV«lse922 39S3 
A KC snow Q u ality D ob erm an pups 11 wks, ear cropped, red Ion, blk ton 922 17oo 924-6326_________ 
AKC Toy Poodle Puppies $75. Toy i Pekingese Puppy $65 499-o353 
AKC Toy Poodle Puppies Silver 
Beige Mole ot Stud 453 o322 
AKC Tri Color Colli* Pupoiet $5o 
73* 76o5 att 5 and weekends 
AKC W E IM A R E IN E R S . 4 mos old. 55o up *94 68o2______________ 
AKC Yorkie Pups, Stud Service 
735 4851. 734-273o________ 

Parrot Double Yellow Head trendy Beautiful 696 *3o4 
Ex- 

POODLES 
822 9291 

11 Poodle lo laving home, house- | broken. 826 5298, 735-1718 

•COASTAL S P R IG S * 
7oc Bu Sutherland Springs 
1>47 337o; I 947-3379 

CORRUGATED IRON 
$18 9$ per sa 
F L O W E R S L S R CO 
2547 Goliad 
333-6171 

P o stu re tor horses N o rth east. 
Coll *94 1 541. 
__________________ 
Pigs For Sale, I wks old $18 eoch. 
1-538 271*. 
______________________ 
RANCH F E N C IN G B Y B E N K E 
47*o5o4 
___________ 
R eg A ppaloosa G e ld in g E x c tap mg horse Must Sell 622-3939 

Precious AKC Reg Mole Pomer- 
2 mon Pups, 337-5o84; No checks 
Reg American Pit Bull Terriers 
$5o up 333 o827 
Reg English Setters, Ch Lines. 
$75 824-7788. _____________________ 

I Custom hand mode saddles, over 
5o used sa d d le s in stock 
H und reds of 1st and 2nd line boots. B ond W Boot ond Tack, 4o5 ] 
S. Guadalupe St, Son Marcos, Tx 
1-392-4476. 
_____ 

Reg 
Treeing W a lk e r Hounds, w ell started on Coon and Cal 
Atter 8 p m 1 947-3311.___________ 

AKC Y O R K IE S 
Quality, 
2'r mo. mole tem 
824-4377.___________________________ 
AKC 6 yr German Sheoherd mole 
A n c e s to rs 
G e rm a n y 
G ra n d 
Champs $15o His puppies $15o male, females $1oo Box 27$ En- cmol, Tx 78o19 $12 948 $328 
A K IT A 
P u p p ie s , 
$1oo SISO . 
454 1517 Kern Call.no 

S IB E R IA N H U S K IE S . 12 wks. 
: reg, fem ale 
P a re n ts pointed i $15o 481-3872. ____________________ 
Silver Poodle Puppy, tem Intern ! 
Ch Line 34 1 7964________________ 
S P R IN G E R S P A N IE L P U P S 
Ch Pl Stud • 494 3897 
T w o AKC R e g iste re d F e m a le 
Doberman quos 5 wks old Large bones One blue and rust 
One block ond rust Austin, 1 924 6351 
U K C Reg 
A m e ric a n E s k im o 
Puppies, Pure While $1oo 343*o657 
UKC TOY FO X T E R R IE R S 
AKC C H IH U A H U A S • 461 3oo7 
W ANT AN AKC DOG? 
S A Dog Breeders R eferral Ser­ vice will put you in touch with a n e a rb y re p u ta b le b re e d e r. 
494-7787. 673-44o3._________________ 
Watchdogs Large Bred Oogs lo 
Protect your home 
Free. 

F E L P S H O R SE, STOCK 
AND G O O S EN EC K T R A IL E R S 
S a le s , S e r v ic e , R e p a ir s , and 
Traiter Rentals, 443o Hwy 9o East 
<S W W W hite Rd I 333-1611 
Felos 2 Horse Stand $11o7 
H A R R IS W E S T E R N C E N T E R 
622 93oo__________________ 1-777 3434 
F E R T IL IZ E D CO ASTAL HAY 
______________ 333 7938_____________ j 
F o r Sale. N u bian M ilk G o a ls ,' anality bloodlines 
Boerne 
I 249-3443 
__ 
For Sale 7 Too Duality Reg Gen­ tle G ray Brahm an Bulls 4 yrs and 
8 yrs old 
Both lightly used on 
Reg herd Fertility Test provid ed Your Choice >12$o eo 695 8783 
Good P le a su re Q lr H orse Lin eback-Dun 
Exp 
Rider 
$45o 

R eg 
App 
Stud s e r v ic e 
SSO 
Block White, After 6pm, 698 2o9o 
IO R E G 
B R A H M A N B U L L S - 
Gentle 19 23 MOS 433 o867 
Reg Polled Herefords, Bulls for sole, oil ayes 3*1-76o8 
Reg Rope Horse, good tor begrn- ners. 684-2822 Bus. 679 7687 
Spirited 7 yr. black App. m ore, 
>4oo Exp. riders only 344-44o4 
Stocker Cows, Stocker H eife rs and grass calves. 
648-1931; 
648-31oo___________________________ 
16' Tandem flatbed, heavy duty, good shope, $45o. *88-3217. 
W A L Z E M ROAD S T A B L E under new management Large Arena, 
Training Ring, IO Acre Pasture, 
Stolls with run $18 per mo. Full 
Board Available 453-79o* j Young Sows. O uroc. I T ra ile r frome 
Young 
Roosters 
$3. 
449 1 2 2 * _____________________ 
Youth Horse Show Atoscosco Co., 
April 21 I am Junior Senior Sod dies, b u ck le s 
1-769-3o46, 
I 769 3126, I 549 2451______________ 
II yr Old AQHA Horse Stud, tor sole. Father is Glory Be Good Top 
AAA, mother is Donno Loo Too 
AAA. Saddle broke. Coll oft 6om 
I 426-2116_________________________ 
9 yr old. big mule, rides, works and pulls, 313-5479, SI* 9177 

Fresh O ranges and G rap e fru it 
Wholesale Call; 512 2483, 5 1oam - 
o 3o am ond 4 3opm 
IO 3opm 
Frigidaire automatic washer 
$4o_________________________435 3o17 
Fullslze bed with bookshelf head b b ard , fra m e , b o x sp rin g and m attress with m atching vanity and stool. $15o lim Black and white console TV. $4o 344 7343 
Furniture-Appliances-Jew elry 
AM Applications approved with required down payment Call Im per IQI Fyrn 272 2227 416 Brody 
Gas clothes dryer. J infant seots ond I rocker 458-7o43____________ 

One carat total weight wedding set 684-4181 atter 6 weekdays and oil day weekends 
_ 
One hail c a ra t diam ond ring 
684-4181 atter 6 weekdays ond all day weekends____________________ 
4 pc. Brown Cord Modular Sofa. 
$75o Old Lib rary Table $4o, Dou- hie Bed $25 349h*28 afternoons 
P e a v e y P A sy s te m , I m ic r o ­ phone. I K av G u itar $4oo Call 
473 741o otter 5pm________________ 
P H IL C O 25" Color Tv console 
Perfect condition SISO 924-o794 
I piece bedroom suite, reasona­ ble, 534 2o24 
___________ 

Used O ffice Furnitu re 
Desks, ch airs, ty p ew riters, ad ding machines More! 349-2674 

SAVE IO 'h OFF 
A L L B R A N D S 
OLMOS MOSIO CO. i i o 

Blue G reenhouse,New Concept, 
Terms, Free Delivery 97* 
8x12 
M o rg a n 
C re e 
G u a ra n te e d 2ovrs 
F r e e terms 712-5171 

4-5 QIU 
•nhMj se ree W ei. 

1865 Ste in w av C o n ce rt G ran d , rore collectors item. Rosewood, ele g a n t c a rv e d leg s 
U se d in 
Steinwav Hall 184V1878 713 777$ 

Stu d io p iano, e x c e lle n t cond 
Reasonably priced 828-8897 

92t MACHIkteY IQOiS 

B e ar 444 Alignm ent Equipm ent 
Plus Wheel Batoneer ond Spinner. 
Toke 
Over 
Paym ents. 
Coll 
SU 87 S-284$ 

I Bucyrus Erie Model 34L Drilling 
Machine. Water ar Oil. 4SS-21o! or 
651-6228. 
__________________ 
CAT 977 LO A D ER 
$85oo 
Canyon Lake (1)935 2117 
D4D Cat bulldozer. A l condition 
512-544-1114 Otter 7pm 
1 I D ITC H W IT C H . IS hp. 515oo or 
' best otter 481 3169_______________ 
D raglin e tor sale. H eavy Duty 
Bucyrus HFB Like new. only 1ooo hours 6o Boom, I j yard bucket. 
Cow 1-713-488 M I* 

Couch, block. 2 matching choirs, stools 
S25o 
P la id H e rc u lo n 
41 Gibson E S 175 Tune a-matic 
Shatters H ard Snell Case Plu s aueensize sleeper $15o AM excel 
Gibson Skylark Amp and acces. lent condition 455-o8oo otter 4pm 
All tor $35o 673 34o3 and weekends 
I couch 1o4" long. I p latfo rm rocker. I swivel chair, oil of them vinyl, like new Borgm 824-848o 
421 Breese________________________ 
C raig FM 8 tra ck , floorm ounf deck Excellent $45 878 oo34 
IO cu ti C hest F re e z e r $95 
2 
Couches $45, eo You Houl Cosh 
651-49o2. 
____________ __ 

Aquarium, 4 me old. 2o gal long 
Complete with stand Best otter 
Otter 5 3opm 496-25o9_____________ 
A q uarium s 3o-55 gals A frica n cichlids 349 3o83 or 341 o968 

A T TE N T IO N ! 
Flea Market Vendors 
D E A L E R D ISC O U N T . New end used lum ber, box ot 72 dishes 
$5 OO, Glassw are, vases, pottery, candies, G R O C E R IE S . Includes spices, soups, canned vegetables, tutees, ceral, coffee 2 reach in coolers, antique doctors exmotn mg table $7$. desks, bridal wed ding accessories, flow ers, coke 

Desks! Desks! Desks! 
Oak. Walnut. M etal Executive. 
Secretary, Student - targe selec­ tion 
$69 5o and up Also Good selection et F I L E C A B IN E T S . 
IIH BOSS* R d . 733 7347, 734 3o81 l f " Diagonal B lack and W hite 
Portable TV reconditioned) $58 
Hogg s 1533 Austin Hwy 
2S" Diagonal Color Console TV. 
R econditioned L ik e New $148 
Hopp's IS H Austin Hwy__________ 
D iam on d , loose I c a ra t 
C a ll 
484-4181 weekends or atter 4am weekdays________________ 
Diamond Wedding ring set, t»#k! gold) SISO. pair of diamond ear- m gs. 
(y e llo w g o ld ), 
M a n 's diamond ring yellow gold) $11$ 
455-9544___________ __ 
Dinette Set with 4 Chairs Signa ture Washer 484 317o____________ box, candy m achine, speakers, ■ n iu V TTV p lates, po in t pots ond hoses, | S U !**!.Ii* paint, single sew ing m ach in e cookers, shoes, sudan grass seed. : 
4 (truck type) tool boxes, ocousnc sprayer. 2 printing presses, litho pi aph, inks. paper, lead melting machine, printers sow, I grocer-1 
■es stoles, cash registers, tvpew- I n le r s and m an y m e re item s 
Come and brow se! We have a little btl et e ve ryth in g 
G A G 
SA LV A G E. 2942 E Houston. Cell 
H arry 724 4441 ter more into 
Autom atic w ash er and d ry e r, : eood working cond 
$4$ co 
124 $745__________________________ _ 
B E A U T IF U L P L A N T S , R tn isr- fcobly Price d 1 653 4619___________ 
7 Beautiful red sculptured high low c a r p e ls 
/ >8v or otter 6pm 644 1971. 
I 
Bedroom. Living Room Spanish 
D in in g or G a m o T a b le w ith chairs, Hide-a-Bed M ap le Din eft#. 
Pool 
Table. 
Gas 
Stove 
454 6725 
_ 
B E D S 2 Twin. BIS co 
I double S II 154o________ 
, Bed, twin Kitchen table with tor mica lop Floor butter Assorted 
. tools 874 6725 j 
Bicycle, men s 26" 3 speed Good condition $35 492 2414___________ 
Bicycle 74 ' ted boy s. Excellent condition Cottoe table, Bosset! 
Early Am erican Excellent condi 
' lion 65$ >442 tiller sp rn 
_____ 
, Bicycle, Schwinn boy s 14". New knobby w h e e ls, M oto r c ro ss goose neck 344 4424 j 

Bicycles, 114 speed men $, $44 ta 
122 3424 after 5am 
1 
* C a litlrn ia Designer gam e table w ith c o m fo rta b le Is l g rad e naugahyde chairs, bright yellow 
$iS4(tf action at anginal cost). I I " 
’ Color TV. ex cellen t condition, 
SISO 6/3 e ll!. 

C am era, l i m n Y a th ic a Lyn x 
, 6444E, i anga tinder. 1:1 I lens. 
I OOO lh sec In case Excel tend 
$79 ?'rep lace screen H I n j j 
NG FA 

 table. 4 chairs Bam boo styling excellent cond cost 
$354 SOU 515o 653 3797___________ 
Dining room furniture Ethan Al- len DO? A ut $12oo 122 3938_______ 
D IN IN G S U IT E , French P revin clot (white) 4 choirs $17$ Wheel 
Choir, $144 Wolker (invalid) $1$ 
735-o773 eves 
______________ 
Dining table with 4 chairs. $42$ 2 m atching coffee tables $5o ea 
34* 7514 goys 341 5675 eyes 
D isp lay case, plate g lass and cedar « x/ 
4 piece living roam 
Soto 735 4395 

G irl s IO soeed, highchair, potty s e a l, double m a ttre s s and sp rin g s, k itc h e n ta b le and * 
Choirs 623 5544___________________ 
G lass tank, approx IOO gallons, with scen ery, id eal tor rep tile hobitot, 54o 435 7426 Oft 6pm 
Golt clubs, ladies M cGregor P „r- ney, 3 thru PW , I woods, putter, bog-hepd covers. $1o4, 473-1824 
Good Fronch Provincial bedroom sot $35o. bar with 4 stools $12$, hanging table lamp $75, twin bed 
$34, 491-1429______________________ 
Hoist tor invalid Pe rfe ct condi- tion Reasonable 451 o46o________ 
71 Honda Z5oA Mini Trail Good co n d ito n 5175 or best o f f t r . 
923-4474 weekdays otter $ p rn 
H O U S E H O L D F U R N IS H IN G S 
U S E D 
O N L Y 
I 
Y R . 
IN 
E X C E L L E N T , S P O T L E S S CON 
D IT IO N 1 Contem porary black brown beige plaid living room suite Matching sofa, love seat. 2 arm c h a irs 
I'c e t le e ta b le 
7 pedastai osh tray stands Pedes tai swivel TV table G E matching washer and dryer Ivory colored dinette toble with 4 yellow uphol­ stered chairs M ahogany queen bed w ith h e a d b o a rd 
F re n c h 
Provin cial triple dresser with 9 drawers and 2 drawer matching night stands Lam ps. Bunk bed with double rails M U ST S E E TO 
A P P R E C IA T E ! 
C o ll 
M a te r 
Mohammed Ibrahim 473-147o or 
Otter 4pm 675-o454 

4-piece blonde b ed roo m set. aueensize bed. 57oo Dinette toble w ith 4 c h a irs . 51oo Sofa-bed, a u ee n siz e, w ith J m a tc h in g choirs. 5*oo 8 piece gloss ond chrom e livin g room set. $1oo 
3 piece brow n livin g ro o m set. 
$1oo I lorge brown bean bag and 
I medium while beanbag, Iota! 
$1o 474 8917 otter S JO ___________ 
5 piece D inin g Room Set $95 
Smith Construction 349-4127 
19 piece set, heavy weight stain­ less steel w aterless cookw are 
Still lh box, 494-4444 
___________ 

U SED R E F R IG E R A T O R S 
C E N T R A L S E R V IC E CO 
7o/ W E S T A V E . 734 *217 
Used 1ox17 M organ Red B a rn 
Terms, Free Del 732 SI7$________ 
V e ry old G e rm o n h a n d c ra ft books, 191o 19*o cookbooks. 19oo burning light globes. 3 pc McCoy ! tea set, electric old brass lamp, : other old collectors items. 
I 533-1442, 
W aln u t G ra in F o rm ic a tab le, [ 
*2x4o. opens to 47x81. 6 chairs, 575 • 
I casB. 433 3944 
| 
W ash er and D ry e r. K en m o re, 
Repairable 
54o 
For 
Both. 
341-4551 
_____________________ 
Washing machine SIS; Signature 
ONoxe with light 533 97o9_______ 
W E D D IN G D R E S S , size 9, white long flowing veil. like new. 5125 
733-173). 
| 
Wedding dress and veil. sue IO, 
SIPP 894-3453 
Wrecking Big House, Everytnm g 
For Sale Call, att 4pm and Before 
8 OO pm 626 2694 
________ 

YOUR GUIDE TO DEPENDABLE SERVICE 
EXPRESS-NEW S 
SERVICE DIRECTORY 

TO PLACE ADS IN THIS DIRECTORY CALL 2 
2 
5 
- 1 
6 
6 
6 

934 BUSINESS DIRECTORY 

A DD I TI O NS 

PLANT PARTIES 
344 3432 
3491429 
Portable 19 
923 7o77 
RCA color TV. SUS. 

4x6 Covered 2-wheel Trailer. $285 
873-7944. 
_ 
Zenith 17" port color TV 5175 
_______ 927-5427__________ 

929-GARAGE SAUS 

18hp engine, electric start 
441-3149. ____________________ 
Call 

4 Hp Rotary tiller, never used 
5225 
F r ig id a ir e d is h w a s h e r, white, perfect condition $1oo. 2711 
Oantesborogh. 344 2979___________ 
I in I table bumper pool, card ond dining table. $>$o firm Con temporary la hanging lamp, $$9 
3 custom cornices. 
$1$ eo 
6>6 7679___________________________ 
Kenm ore Heavy duty dryer, eos 
: stove. F rig id a ire refrig e ra to r. 
O b i I S 
Antique. Com position 
_______ | I R ___ _____________M R 
L ite S u e D io n n e Q u in tu p le ts Cushm an m ap le tre s tle louie. 
Alexanders and oil Bisque Doll, 
Furniture 433 SO/ 114___________ I cedar chest, 
342-7144 mantle clock. 

D ouble 
Mo ll r ess w ilh 
Box 
Springs. $7o % Bed with rir-ad ana fool board $5o Room Su e Melon anil While 5hog Carpel 474. Ill 
Dark Orange Aiea Rug $4o AN 
V IL R O A D P ia n o L o s e $7oo 
EN C O R E Practice Guitar SIS. A lif h 
J T - fff 
P r ic e s N e g o tia b le M u st S e lli V tV o* ) 
Quickly 874 I3S6 

K ingsize bed. 7 sets ot linens, I' b e d sp read $24o, girls- la d ie s I clothes 45$ 497o otter 4_________ i 
Kingsize Bed. never used, still ; p ack ag ed , e x tra firm (W o rth | 
$489) complete $171 D e liv e ry 

o rapes, 2 pair custom mode lined I in W averly $ nautical print with matching double bedspread Like new $54 496-4449 
: 
Dresser, twin bed. trundle b e d ., 
Spanish solo and choirs, king sue bed. full sue box serine and moi tress 65$ 4494 j tiuncon Phyte couch, mohogony table. 4 chairs, buffet, bunk beds. re frig e ra to r. Laz y B e y , ch in a cabinet twin beds, couch, chair, maple dinette, bedroom suite. 
444 3492 
___________ 
E a r ly A m e n c e n Sy tie . couch- ch air, perfect condition 
V e ry 
Reasonobte 913 34J*___________ 
B ic e Ham R ad io , S S S a m CW 
Model 7$). also selling I used CS. 
Coll * » ^323 
E leclrophanic BSR Tgi nluUU and 
1 umpgnet Unit SU * HS Smith Con tim elign J49 4137 

234 S 
M w le rry , la a p d n g a s ranee, clean geed cendiIron lls 
Folding childs ploy pen $19 H ee 
ICE (LIN G FA N S 3 tup shape. $324 inc frypan SIO 734 #|4# 

I " ! * a t u a ____________________ 
— 

Chun pi eon velvet, tioe coch Mill 
, table. ISO Slotted cocktail lek ie i $14 Portable alec le a d e r 
$34 a 341 I »>1 t f w 4am 
____ 
___ 
I thuds Drum Set. Portable Clethes 
• tine. Hum,Utile* Wedding Dress 
S t i l t It . F e e 
R e c o l a P lo v e r 
Stand Lad ies Gelt Clubs 
Ct* apes One P a n pf New Otopes 
«* ak) 

Ethan Allen 43m round table, I teal, m aple finish, 2 m atching et mc heirs I yr eld SJ44 Decor 
Olar or mc hair leather e n s Hana carved F reach frame Side Mis ce*taneeus parade sale items 
423 HOO 
. 
............. ................. 
Fairly Haw F ra m e Mattress and 
• » . r n . . . t .gut >nes AM I vees Bisat ets o o h 
OC 
( adrad J aeon 

|(SI K irby Vacuums in box with attachments ll models Regular 
S379 VS s a c r ific e 
$23o OO delivered Lest opt deal Austin. 
I 4 5 1 - 7 2 4 o _________________ 
Lady Kenmore Dishwasher $75. 
Scnwtnn IO speed bike $135. 2nd 19 speed needs repair $79. Full Sue 
Ping Pong Toble $74 654 $o24 
L A W N M O W E R S Self propelled 
444 S mat! rider $75 sis Orchard le a v in g Stale 
M ust Sell P r a c ­ tically New Living Urn Bedroom 
Furn 2 yr old W hirlpool 3 cycle w a s h e r, tw in Ped ond ch e st, console G E Slerea, M ony other items. >32 l l Sd____________________ 

Like new des sieve dinette sol, vacuum cleaner galvanized iron 
Budd in a. 445-4244 
Linear ompMtar, 7$ watts Never used 417$ 444 $435 
_______ 
Louis XV desk M uen iticenl re ­ ar edge lion Was $2444, n#w ti$4o 

 m m 
__________________ 
I owl w T terne Gem# ot aaa war r9"*Y t f t / i l I 
____ 
M H K Che! Dishwasher. Fun ?•;« 
Bes Springs and M attress. End 
Table «*4 7144 " 
M aigre Chat et*t i l t mug* never uses, tis# *1* IHI. 
____ 
Magi* dining set and hatch Ex cedent landman 443 *17* 
14 mm Minutia SB I IQI. campi*!* wan cas*. strobe bosn used very ume $J»# Fe* inter ceti )4« 4*«« 
Musing Must sett' ie,gee B t u en tend < I yr eM, SJW- M I SSM 

P o rta C rib . S te lla r, C or S e a l, | 
Toys. 657-44S4 
Queensue bed spinal pedic. used 
I mos . $1oo Approxim ately IOO venetian blinds, various $Ues $1oo for all Coleman floor furnace, com plete with all controls and vent pipe $1oo O utside doors, various sues, some with glass $1o each, must toke oil 14 71$-34o4 
Q U E E N Su e sofa sleeper, chair 
I Clothing M I ASM otter 4 pm 
R A N G E . AVOCADO E L E C T R IC i tike new >1o4 M2 4544____________ 
, Range Toppun else doubt* av on, 
I $74o 4 bor stools $12 4/5 1)17 
R a tta n c h a irs . T u rk is h hund- i carved bar. cornel soddies 
I 433 5174__________ 
R efrigerator and stove, sale or 
: trode tor washer 426 4oS1_______ 
R efrig erator for cam p er, elec u n ity , 12 v battery or propane 
$125 337-4o13 OM 5 wkdys________ 
Refrigerator, elec range, small air conditioner 412 41 ll 
R egrigeralor side bv side, frost tree. Copper Atter 5. M2 174o 
IO" Repossessed Color Portable 
TV 429$ Hi,tii»'$ 15)) Austin Hwy 
R U G S , 2 beautiful pastel wool t sculptured needlepoint 9 x ii and 
' 4 **’ Excellent cond 426-4743 
Scuba gear, 4 tanks, lull wet sud, 
1 extras $39$ 644-3M7______________ 
Se ars W indow a ir co n d itio n er 
■ 16,4oo BTU SIPP Call 6M 4147 
S E T of Ludw ig drum s, alm ost new. SISO >24 1o22 AHer 6pm____ 
Sewing machine 14 cam Oulu zig zag console $125 6S4 7173________ 
[Too Short rolls of coirpel. price ranging from $1 f t to $4 f t Sa 
Yd., some below ceti IB M Elec 
Typewriter, $15o. other oMico fur­ niture and equipment t i t ( W W 
While 
Rd 
237 4o42 
O P E N 
ISUNOAV 
Shuffleboard. I I' regulation, ex­ cellent cond Now set of Puces 
$5oo a tier J id t i l 3174_________ 
Six string Epiphone ond l l string 
MCI, mony guitar 347 toto________ 
Sofa I 
1 It Spanish Gold Modal lion Velvet Orgmollv $45o Soil tor 
$344 455 4444 
' 
Stereo console, G runt).g with re o i l# re e l la p * , tu rn ta b le snort wave radio, 5344 674 2435 
Stereo Tape deck. Pioneer 
R I 
1954, • j frock, like new. $4$o Teec 
Mixer. 
AA 399, excellent 
$17$. 
494-4241 
___________________ 
Slave, counter top. ond wail oven 
Will guarantee pertact cond $4o 
Old round wicker table 
$4o 
M I 4431 
ST O V ES Owe apl sue $3o each 
Men and girls bikes 
$19 $1$. 
Ii 332-1414. 
Swingline zigzag like new with attach m en ts and c a b in e t $75- 
I Mf 344) m M I 4948 
Tea Set vice. Coffee, cre am e r. sugar bowl, tra y 1847 R e a e rs 
Bras $1* Galt clubs lady s $24 
Beach umbrella with stone $34 

I hi *v ti ira # 11 Mulches It secHU-1 
•a I custom bunt f xceUeat cen j , huh $7o »* 1 cs *g e v ________ 
1 6 1 1 L AW N M I, *« * rI 
11 
SOU 
■ SM SSI e/44 

A R O U NO T H E P O O L S A L E 
Sot Sun. SM7 Stoneo Rd__________ 
Elko 41o string and piano synthe s iz e r, to ta lly p o lyp h o n ic k e yb o a rd 
4 ch an n el outputs. strings, cellos, clavichord, and piano 4 mo old Steve 226 4113 days 496 4139 oft 6_______________ 
I Family Garage Sale Thors Sot 
S in St Leonard (Forest Hills) 
Garoge Sale 42o* King Crest oft 
Coliseum, Gambler Thurs Sat 
Stove, Dishes. High Chair, Men % 

93o -MtHLHAN(list M U M P 

Antiques, Appliances, Furniture 
WE PAY MORE 
Estates, Anything of value from one piece lo houseful. Call 
)42 4755 Anytime________Est 1949 
Buying late model refrigerators, 
Mooters needing rrp oir M I 1445 

CAMERA EXCHANGE 
Buy Sell. Trade. Repair 
5327 SAN P E D R O ________414-2327 
C A SH for w ash ers 
K en m o re, j 
Whirlpool needing repair 
32*42)9 
CASH tor your Used Piono 
________ 224-7HI or 334 11o2 
D IAM O ND S 
Witt toms, 227 *7o3, ISO t Houston 

T U BUY ANYTHING 
THAT DOE SN T EAT * 11 
C A LL JIM L IS T E R 
________ 433-3444 or 4)3-414o 
• JO E P A Y S CASH* 

 i For used furniture ond working oppltonces 933 4441, 42? 4445 
TO P C A SH P A ID ter your old newspaper ond corrugated AAB 
CO Paper 
Stack 
81$ Cerqive 
I 434-4441 
W A N T E D 
A fric a n e a m t ire p h ial Also boar rugs Roll lop desk Mon Fri. 7M-3474___________ 
W A N T ED apartm ent retrigero ter awd stove 434-9191 
________ 
W A N T E D 
C olor TV need ing repair 
Must be reasonobte 

I V 76o4 
W A N T E D s t e e l f e n c e 
PO STS 651 65*1 
WANT TO B U Y old gasoline and oil a d vertisin g old signs, gas pumps, globes, t ic 454 4479 ____ 
W* buy Furniture. Appliances 
Estates Antiques Glassware etc 
BEST PRICES PAID 
532 6641 
653 3714 anytime. 4$$ 4634 eves 
JO H N ft RO W LA N D S A N N E S it it emed ond Bonded B u v e n 
WE P A Y CASH 
Per Geed Used Fu r adure 
FAWCETT FURNITURE 
416 
D%o l f A 41JI 
WB Pay More Casli 

Fe* Thai Goad Prana 
That va* az* **• **iag Please 
Mr Ll 

REMODELING 
O M P L E TE F INANC INC 
F R E E E S T IM A T E S 
C 6 S LUMBER 
4447 R O O S E V E L T 
VZ* 8556 »2* 855) 

A N T IQ U IN G 

A N T IQ U IN G 
F re e Estim a te s u jo ran t^ vd B ijJu titu l^ T e M ?* 

A S P H A LT 

A S P H A L T R E P A I R I N G A N D 
PATCH W O RK We do driveways, gravel work, No ion loo big or too small Free estimates Coll J A P 
A SP H ALT CO 67* 7266 
Sp e cialiiin g in asphalt parking lots, driveways, seal coating, etc 
F roe estimates. 681 487*_______ __ 

A SP H A LT C O N C R E T E 
M O R K 

A I C O N C R ET E Foundation, ga I tios, asphalt d rivew ays Parking 
Lots Lie bonded 53* 146o_______ 
C A LL V C O N ST R U C T IO N Con crete slabs, foundations, polios, porches, d rivew ays, sidew alks. ond asphalt $33 9638 
Cement Construction Redwood design p a tio s . s id e w a lk s , driveways, git types pl Ital work 
Have trowel will Irovei. 536 887 3. - 
Concrete, att types, foundations. drive ways. patios, call day or rnghl, Free Est /IS I 3o*. 732 7411 
Concrete, brick and rock work 
Patios, d rivew ays, foundations 
732 5414 or *35 6469 coll Richord 
Concrete, patios drivew ays free est Guerrero, 914 7777 
Coner#!*, patios, walks, drives additions W in ier P ric e s F re e , estimates F io n k. 333 m u ______ 
Discount on all concrete, rock and masonry work 
Done now Fre e ; est Anytime 79 * 44 5 9 5 3 2 5 7 1 8 

C A R P E T S A L E S ft 
S E R V IC E 

A I W IL L S H A M ( L E A N or shampoo, living and dining room 
522 5o. 9x 12 loose rugs S I* SO 
771 1996 or 725 83o)____________ 
C A R P E T C L E A N IN G S P E C IA L 
Shampooing or steam cleaning avail For Free E s t, call 675 o/68 gay lime 
U N IT ED C A R P E T S E R V IC E 
974 1o58 or 726 8246 

B A B Y S IT T IN G 
C H IL D C A R E 

Ropy sitting in my house. Blanco 
Rd area, 734 5*7o ________________ 
C h ild c a re in my hom e, re c s rates. 2 )y r old*, 7M 3e47_________ 
Childcare in my home, days only, 
Km^sborouyh area. 927 4)59 
C H IL D C A R E IN M Y H O M E 
Monday thru Friday, NE area, 
63S-9724____________________________ 
C H IL D C A R E M y home Norm vusi M on F n Any ay* 455 «*«4 
E xcellent child car# in my home 
Lakeside or eg 448 75o*__________ 
R eg c h ild c a re in m y hom e, 
5mos 5yrs o* Ode, 33 3 24o3________ 
Reg childcare in my nome, per venal alin any a g t. Oft Nocog doc nos Rd 457 1719 
R E G IS T E R E D Babysitting al my home anytime Next lo hie Amor 
•cone. 471-3888 

D r iv e w a y s , p o lio s , w a lk s remodeling and metal pldgs Call, F A R M T O P S O IL 
D E L IV E R Y 

CUSTO M M A D E S H E E T S 

Custom made sheets tor round king or queen beds Tricot or your trace pf tobric 424 17o1 

D IR T SANO G R A V E L 
F IL L T O PSO IL 

AAA Grade lawn and garden dirt 
I day deity 
D U G I T R U C K IN G 
CO 137 *34o anytim e 517 $o on* 
UP 
A 
B arro n AH types dirt sond grovel Yeor round del *3$ 6157 
ACTION D E L IV E R S FO R L E S ! 
MONE Y . $3* 7947, tdvs 923 644* 
A l F E R T IL IZ E D V E G E T A B L E 

F IR E ft BBQ MOOD 
M IR R O R R E S IL V E R IN G 

Borgoin over o cord* M esauil* and Arizona Ash SSO, 734 7559 
Firewood bv truckload Split, dei ond stocked for $75, 97* *926 
OLD MIRRORS RFSIIVERFO I 
Fast. Low Cost. Expert Work 
Discount to the trode' 
GOOD WOOD you haul. $4o cord 
We Deliver. $$o. guar anteed full cord 927 9*41 
MIRROR WORLD 
771 W Hildebrand 
73* 6391 1 
OAK F IR E W O O D C leon, s e a ­ soned I year. Delivered, slacked 
$4$ co rd 
(G e l it b e fo re nexf w in te r's p ric e s g ets you ) I 
I 995 7522 or I 995 9457 

PA IN T IN G . P A P E R IN G 
P L A S T E R IN G 

Wont to Buy 
4 toot Green Hick ory wood 22* 7331 
A Com plete P a in tin g S e rv ic e 
Int Ext 
Prices you con otford 
654 o7*4 
FO U N D A TIO N S 
A G o rcia Pointing Contractor 
Free Est Int E it 734 7946 

AA Foundation. House leveling 
Foundation Repair. Experience and R chobie 822 1715 

G E R H A R D T S 533 714* 
R E L I A B L E 
E S T IM A T E S on 
Poin tin g P a p e rin g . Sheetrock 
Window Glass. Repairs, B u d g e t, 
Term* 1412 S Hackberry 
Doors dragging? 
Walls cracking? 
All types foundation rep airs 3o yrs experience All work guar 

Painting ond repairs Lie Bonded 
All work Guaranteed 475 I 

P A IN T IN G 

F oundation repairs Guaranteed work 
3o yrs ex perien ce F re e 
Est 133 *794 

Aether Painting Contractor int 
E x t. Acoustic ceilings. 415-1349 
Free Estimates 

Foundation Specialist 
All types of toundotion repoirs. 
Low prices, high quality work 
; Call anytime, 
ABC 
CONST . 

Nor in sid e 
'P A IN T IN G w ith 
P R ID E 
Free Es! 12* 457* 
P A IN T IN G CONT RAC TOR Int 
E x t 
G e n e ra l R e p a ir s 
F r e e , 
Estimates 
Gilbert 
Perkins 
922 1495 

H O USE L E V E L IN G 
THE IR ISH M A N 
39 Y E A R S E X P E R IE N C E 
Note Never take the tirsl price' 
J I ! 9o51 or 
714 IS H 

Painting IS yrs experience Free 
Est No tab to'smoit Cleon work 
533 9379 or 72* 9917 
P E R E Z ft SONS P A IN T IN G intoner Exterior 
Free 
Es* 
431 o*41 
R eliable man lo do foundation 
1 coons and house leveling Solis taction g u aran teed 
No too lo cmoll Coll 654 51/3 
P L U M B IN G 

G A R D E N IN G 

A M osier Plumber 
Repoirs and re m o d e lin g 
C o li 
R ic h a r d 
717 5416 or 415 4*4* 

Gardens tilted Reasonable rotas 
COH attar 6pm 923 o5o9 

O I N P L U M B IN G residential and commercial repairs, tree es 
•■mates Call *M 1857 

1 
H A U LIN G ft M O VIN G 
OO YOU N E E O A P L U M B E R ? 
Reliable Bonded k24 o7*1 
M A S T E R P L U M B E R W ITH LOW 
O V E R 
H E A D 
$19 SO 
H r 
I n en sad Bonded cst 142; 
Plum bing Repoirs Remodeling. 
Additions. Reasonable Free Cst 
4M 4499 

J Hauling ond moving with pickup truck. 4/3 5449 
H A U LIN G AND D U M PIN G 
Hovo 2 1 r tad trucks 533 1142 
Hauling m oving and Ire * trim 

R O O FIN G 

C LA RK S Roofing ft Rem ode Imp 
F le e Est 924 1532______________ _ 
G R A V E L S H IN G L E Replace ar 
8 e g o i r S l g p U f l t ^ ) H M ^ ^ 

S E W IN G M A C H IN E 
R E P A IR S S E R V IC E 

Guaranteed Repair Service All 
Makes Free in shop estimates. 
^ ^ M llW e s t ^ v e ^ S M ^ e t n ^ 

S H E E T R O C K 

Sheetrockm g, Tap* Float with 
A co u stica l C oilin g M o n te rre y 
Tux lone 735 19*1_______________ 
Toping F lo a tin g T e x to n * and 
Acoustical Reasonably 534 o444 

T R E E S E R V IC E 

Cut. T rim , H a u l T re e s 
F ro # 
Estimates 
JE S S IE 
432 7754 ar 
♦32 8o74___________________________ 
T R E E S . 
H E O G E S 
Cut Trim Houl 
D A V IS 732 1413 F O L K S *94 o496 
Trees trimmed, topped, rem ove slum ps Homing 73* 1733 oft * 
Trees trimmed chego 

TV R E P A IR S 
R E N T A L S 

» R E E E V tTm A T ES. 7 D A Y S * 
H g n t d U e F i K t t t l O T I I 

Y A R D M O RK 

 clear 
*13 I 

’Clat, R e s id e n tia l lets hooting, trees trimmed 

Flo w e r rot clean 

 xocuur 

92/ 5125 or 92? 5588__ 
S p e c ia liz in g in c o n c re te , driveways, polios, walks loondo hon* etc 
Free 
Estimates 
8*1 4174 
_____ _________________ 

IRY MF! 

A V A IL A B I 8 444 1173 
All types dirt, sand, grovel Jim 
Longtoid Nor inside M2 34*o __ 
A I rich topsoil. . tie d loam , sand else lawn ond garden tor bluer bv toad Cow manure, any lime 337 4454 
Low prices high quality concrete work Cali any lime M r Concrete 
St M A BL A E S P A N O L , 773 5**7. 
223 IM I. 
_ 

C A B IN E T M A K E R S 

V ariety OI custom cabinets and woodwork 
R e t e r f n c t * e vo tt 
Free est 533 I44v 

C A R P E N T R Y 

A ca rp e n te r in h e e d et Jo b s 
Ii bm Roofing to Foundation No 
Job too S m a ll! F r e e E s t 
All 
Work Guoi ow teed 111 54lt ___ 
A Complete MdMilenance Service. 
C a rp e n try, Routin g 
Alt types repairs P ric e s yea can atloid 
Free Bsf *5* 41** 
Aadiltons repairs painting Free cellmates St*, 4*o1 
AH types cg rp en lty work Also tab lin g p a m iin g satisfactio n 
Duo anteea 
Nu tab ta* sinai, 
*56 557 j) 
__ 
Quality Cbrponiiy wo*k 
34 vis expel lance Fre e E s t Alt w alk 
•war anteed U ) 9144 

B F LG I AN G A R D E N TOP SO IL 
Best Quality, also sond fop soil mix 
O P E N 
E V E R Y 
D A V 
♦35 9229 433 1849 
Dirt Topsoil Sand G i av at loam 
¥ av Hendrix Delivered M i 2**9 
Good topsoil d e n y 
Sam lp m 
*34 *524 
Even and weekends 
*8* 5o*3 
_________ 

GRADF A SOUS 
IOO • Or game oily mixed Topsoils ana Compost Also we deliver sand gravel, loam chat etc 
LOW P R IC E S ANT T IM E 922 X ii* 
M F E ST TO PSO IL 
________ N NW 484 4294 ......... . leading topsail and sandy taunt bu mw 41o on Se.neise! Rd ta Hid den volley We also deliver gift. 
928 1199 
_ _ _ _ _ _ 
S p e c la tu t in rich topsoil sand and gravel 972 9428 931 7 711 
Tap Spit 
G ra s # ! D e liv e r and 
Sot >-Od 
NW and 
NE 
434 1144 
111 4115 lo g s O 'l san d y loam san d 
On,vet dove *u> 
’notarial l i i t t ) l 
_ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ tut- s o n s a n d 
G r a v e l 
*33 D SI Sd! Sun 

 ming, hove I , ton truck *7 ) 516o lig h t Hauling Estim ates Haul owoy scrap metal tree 92) 4411 
LIG H T H A U LIN G AND M OVING 
I piece or house tau 
Dov or Nile 
A P I M O VING S P E C IA L IT Y 
_ _ _ _ _ _ »M 57o5_____________ 

MOVING? 
Cdtl 65* 14/9 

IHF BFS! MOVING CO „ 
Moving? Cottage student I veals exp . teas , fro* estimates Lance 
CVX 44VV alter i OC 
M O V IN G , 9 ye a rs ex p erien ce 
Cull 9ml OH*! J ICI I i i SOU 

LA N D S C A P IN G 

 w e h a v e p l e n t y o f l i v e 
O A K 
T H E E S 
FO H 
S A L E 
I 875 *o74 OI I 391 53*1 

We answer your lait fast' leaky faucets water heaters, any type repair or new installation 
Texas Plum ping Ce . Inc 
419 8 

P L O W I N G 
B U L L D O Z I N G 
E MCA VAT ING 

C U S T O M G A R D E N P L O W !N< a n d t i l l i n g c a l l *24 2117 

R E F R I G E R A T O R F R E E 
R E P A I R S 

 i i 

D ependable T ar 
Beds Lignt Haul, mg 22*6461 
Law ns, cut trim n 
C on anytime st) 1*35 
P ro fe s s io n a l y o rd w o rk t r o t trim m ing fortuning, londscuo mg flow er beds, s p ra y in g pf voids reasonable prices, 
M I $434 
Trees. Loans. Hodges, Trimmed ond Hauled Reasgnobie 532 o/42 
W ill do yard w o rk R eason ab le prices 648JO78 ______ ____ _______ 
Y a rd W o rk. S p ra y in g 
T re e 
T rimming haulms 512 574$ 
SELL 
BT 
NOW 

Irost fre t, sot 1 
NW only *84 61 

R E M O D E L IN G 

L A M N C A R E 

Piqnt gross fertilize ta ids cut down lites Cull Pele J if# I 

M IL D E W R E M O V IN G 

JOF (N G 

 to d ay and wi 
Just ceil 
TI p u t yo u 
1 print 

HOUSH*Ash ISC 
Coil 225-1666 

A H RO O F IN G 

DOUBLE BONUS ADS 
MERCHANDISE MART ADS ONEY • 

2 LINES $ 

A d a ys 3 

NON COMMERCIAL! 
C A N C ! L I A b l ! 
W IT H O U T 
2 
2 
5 
- 1 
6 
6 
6 

QUICK RESULTS) 

Page 
U -C 
* 
SAN ANTONIO EXPRESS— M o n d a y M arch 14 1977 
* 
- 
£ 

926-mmmtools 

*4 inch drive impact. Call atter 
6, 826-3789._________________ _ 
Leathercratt tool set and holders plus 3 sizes alphabet stamps. U ke new. $3oo. 734-97o3 
_ 
L in c o ln w e ld e r, 2ooam p. pa soline-drtven, 15oft leads, trailer, like new, used less than 5o hrs 
<17oo, 1oo6 S. Flores, 226-1264___ 
Locators: equip, mach. Toll free 
I -BOO-528-6o5o ext 3oo9__________ 
Schram m model 6o air com pres­ so r. E n g in e d riv e n , tra ile r m ounted. 137o C H M . $45o- -73 
Chevrolet Vt ton, long wheel base 
Custom Cab, radio, heater, air conditioner, new tires. 
$175o-923-6416_________________ 
3o' Self Loading FLOAT, Tandem rolling tail Pipe. S1Soo. Canyon 
Lake, 1-935-2117___________ 
4oo se rie s C a se b ackhoe and loader with 6o in. loader bucket, ism. backhoe bucket. G as engine. 
$4ooo. 1-625-54oo_______________ 
W A N T E D : Bed (or fla t bed 
Dump. With or without truck. 
696-8464. _____________________ 
W ayn e air co m p re sso r m otor- tank, 
3 P -7 '2H P-22oV-44o 
174oRPM, best otter, 342-4375, 76 
Hoby. 

932 AUCTION SALE 

Don't Forget H A R V E Y 'S A U C ­ 
TION, Sunday, March 2o at 1PM. 
I day only. 45oo W EST AVE. 
K E Y TO G R E A T E R S A L E S " 
Grover Howell Co. Auctioneers 
Houston, Tx. 
TXGC-77 o154 
S.A. Office: 11o31 Wye Drive 
Allen Howell (512) 656-113o 

938 POUITRV RABBITS BIES 

Laying hens, $1.5o each. Cages. nests, coops, feeders. 626-2174. 
New Ze a la n d Red, D o e s and 
Bucks for Sole. 661-4o79.________ 
R a b b its (C h in c h illa and New 
Zealand Whites) $3 eo., 655-1865. 
W A N T ED : Baby chick brooder. 
924-o1o1 
_______ 
We buy and sell Easter Bunnies. 
D ucklings and Colored Chicks. 
735-6851, 734-273o 
__________ 

942 Farm Equiptment Supplies 

B E D E L L T R A IL E R CO 1976 
Close-Out Sale on al! Gooseneck 
Trailers ISIP So. Flores 226-6318 
Forman H Tractor with planters, cultivates 3 row batter. 497-3625 
Ford 2-bottom plow, good as new. 
Red Boron shredder. Both $55o 
923-5844 
__________ __ 
Ford farm tractor, also 2 row equipment. 621-2251. 
FO R D 9N Tractor, 5995 M F 165 
Diesel, $41 SO; M F Diesel, 5245o , 
INT. 46o Diesel, 5245o; Oliver 88 
D ie se l, 524oo , N E W B r itis h 
L e y la n d D ie se l, 47 Hp dem o 
5625o, British Leyland Diesel 255, 
55 Ho dem o. 5685o; B r it is h 
Le ylan d 7o Hp 
Diesel, 585oo; 
4 Row Peanut M aize Plan te r, 
512oo 
M o r e l 
John 
Lott 
(1)569-2422 Pleasanton, Tx. 

FORD TRACTORS 
SN and 9N with new and used im­ plements. 37o8 $. Flores______ 
3o ft Gooseneck Trailer, 3 axle. 
Quick Sale. 515oo. 624-2488 after 5 p. rn._______________________ 
4o1o : 4o2o JOHN D E E R E 
Diesel, 534-6711_____ 
2 - Mi m ile Side Roll Sp rin kle r 
System. I - 6o2 Moline Tractor on 
Butane. I - 7 chiesei Big Ox Plow. 
Vemeer Hoy Roller 1-278-8361. 
1967 M in n e a p o lis M o line L P G 
Tractor, 73 h p , ewe. cond 5424o 
16 tt Tandem Axle Cattle Trailer, new tires, new paint, elec. brakes 
5895. 654 6411. 
New and Used Farm Equipment 
D IE T Z TR A CT O R CO 
1-379-194S or 658-1288 
522 IH IO Sew in_______ 
R O C K 
P I C K E R , h y d r a u lic control lift. 
23o1 
Nogalitos 
534-6711 _______________ 
2 Row Ford Plow , C u ltivato r shredder, disc. 922-o683. 

942 - farm Equiptment Supplies 

S T E E L B U IL D IN G S , F o rm , 
R an ch Equip. H ay and H orse 
Borns. Pipe Pens. 337-6931 days or nites. 
THE TORGERSON CO. 
739 Steves 
533-5145 
U S E D 4ooo F O R D and U S E D 5ooo 
F O R D T R A C T O R S . E W A L D 
F O R D T R A C T O R S , IH IO, Hwy 
46, Seguin, Tx I-379-4591 
U sed T ra c to r and E q u ip m e n t 
Sale. D O D G E N E Q U IP M E N T 
CO., 8223 S. Presa, 532-4151. 
II 

WANT ADS 
ARE STAR 

PERFORMERS! 

They sell good things you don't want for cash place 

 an ad now! 

Coll 
225-1666 

Extra 
Cash? 
Sell! 
Sell! in the 
Merchandise 
Mart 

Call 
225-1666 
Express/News 

Patterns and Needlework 

Bikini Beauty! 
For Stretch Knits 

PR IN T E D PA T T E R N 

L f Q € u * 

KH* Ilk* a drtuiro little, WU) to w ake 
Br brief, ba re and beautiful ly in the swim thin summer' 
Hi rip e happy bikini ta m ainly double crochet of rot too lb tw o lively colom 
P attern 
7*84: aile* 6 11 Included. 
Send ll 'N fur each pattern 
Add 28 cents fur each pattern for first-* lass mail and -.pe* i tal handling Send It* Alice 
Brooks. san Antonio Veil*. 
Needlecraft Dept.. 185, Box 
IHI Old Chelaea Station New 
York, N Y le on 
Print 
Name. Addrr-v Zip. Pattern 
Number sav e d o lla rs' C reate beauti rut things 
Send for 
New i«75 
N eed lecraft 
C atalog! 
3 design# printed Inside 
76* 
New! Nifty Fifty Quilt* H OO 
New I Ripple Crochet l l OO 
Sew + Knit Book 
.....Ii 25 
N eedlepoint Book l l OO 
Flow er C rochet Book 
H OO 
H airpin C rochet Book 
IVOO 
In etan t C rochet Book 
IVOO in sta n t M acram e Book 
*1 OO 
In stan t M oney Rook 
6141o 
C om plete G ift Rook 
114)o 
C om plete A fghani # 1 4 ...ft OO 
12Rrtc* A fghani # i 2 ....... SO# 
Rook of lf Q u ilts #1 
SO< 
M u se u m Q uilt Rook a 2 ... Mg 
1$ Q uilts for Today # 3 .. lOg 
Rook of l f Jiffy Bug* 
Mg 

Pull on oui', two, tin stre tc h knit fabric lop# quick aa I, 2. i i Whip them up in cotton, polyester, nylon prints. dot*, solid* p rin te d Pattern 1971 
Misses Hiles V IS. 12. ll, to. 
IS. 2(1. Bile 12 (hunt 31) short sleeve IVA yds. 45-tnch. 
Send ti 66 for each pattern 
Add 25 cents for each pattern for first-class mail and •'pe­ dal handling Send to Anne 
Adams. San Antonio New-., 
Pattern Dept , 347 , 243 West 
17th St , New York. N Y 
1o(111 
Print N A M I 
A D ­ 
D R E S S , 
Z IP . 
SI/.F and 
STY LE N IM B E R 
IT PAYS TO RFW -y o u save so much money* Send now for New Spring Bum m er Rat tern Catalog! Over IOO part ners, pants, lung, short styles 
Free itatters coupon. 75* 
Saw + K nit Rook ...... t i 2„ 
Instant Money Crafts ll OU instant tewing Rook ll OC 
Instant Fashion Reek .... ll OO 

Mod TO Son Antonio {apres* 6 New* 
Pattern Dept 782 
9 O lox 534o 
Chivage, Illinois 6o68o 

N om e 
Address 
City 

PATTERNS 

Italian police storm campus of university 

I 
II 
I 
23 I 

BOLOGNA. Italy (AP) 
— Police backed up by armored trucks .stormed the 9oo-year-old Univer­ sity of Bologna on Sunday in a bid to end the nearly six-week takeover of the cam pus by student lef­ tists. 
But by late Sunday, the students were still b at­ tling the police, who were returning volleys of fir­ ebom bs with te a rg a s. 
T here was no word on 

 arrests, but early reports said two policemen and one student were taken to a hospital with minor in­ juries. 
Authorities closed the university indefinitely and postponed the reopening of the Univer­ sity of Home for two days. The Roman un ­ iversity, the largest in 
Italy, had been due to resume classes Monday after having been closed 

 for a week because of student unrest. 
Police also shut down an ultraleftist radio sta­ tion, which authorities in this Communist-run city claimed had been urging stu d e n ts to tuke a rm s against the “ fascist po­ lice.” 
I 
The BoIognaV^campus was the scene of a bitter clash 
F rid a y night between police and stud ents in which a 
S.A. coed tops state contest 

A San Antonio high school coed was a first- place winner at a state d istrib u tiv e edu catio n convention in 
D allas w here nine o th er San 
Antonians were am ong the top finishers in their divisions. 
Mary Ann Niestadt of 
Edison 
High 
School placed first for her man­ ual in area marketing distribution. 

Debby Tarvin pf Roo­ sevelt placed fifth in public speaking; Sandy 
Pezzano of M acArthur placed second in job in­ terview; and Keith Reyn­ olds placed fourth in the. outstanding boy compet­ ition. 

Avery 
Morton of 
M acA rthur was the recip ient of a $1,ooo scholarship given by the 
Houston 
Retail 
M er­ ch an ts 
Assn. 
The sc h o la rsh ip is one of three such scholarships aw arded to Texas d is­ tributive education students. 
Lee Ann McSween of 
Churchill and Linda Uar- nicom of 
M acA rthur placed second and sixth, respectively, in display advertising. 
In advertising layouts, 
Carol Kirchner of Chur­ chill took second-place honors; Jam es Howe of 
Roosevelt, third, and 
Shari Sorensen of M ar­ shall, fifth. 
States argue over litter 

OLYMPIA, 
Wash. 
(AF*) — “ Litter co p s" with g a rb a g e as their beat patrol several cities and counties of Washing­ ton State. Oregon sends out “ Truth Squads" lo correct false impressions about the way it deals with trash. 
Six y e a rs ago both 
Northwest states passed antilitter laws that took different approaches to the problem. However, the debate still rag es between them as to which is the cleanest state. 
First 
Oregon was first in the nation to ban throwaway bottles and cans, requir­ ing a deposit on all beverage co n tain ers. 
Washington, on the other hand, passed a Model 
Litter Control Act which taxes the sale of products likely to become litter. 
The roughly $1 million a year raised from the tax pays for educational and enfo rcem en t pro­ grams. 
But the debate contin­ ues over which is the cleanest state. 
Don W aggoner, past president of the Oregon 
E nvironm ental Council and a T ru th Squad o r­ ganizer, says studies he’s conducted show Oregon is nearly eight tim es cleaner than Washington when it comes to bever­ age cans and bottles. 
But the director of Wa­ sh mgton’s antilitter pro­ gram, Mike Aarhuus of the state Department of 
Ecology, d isp utes O re­ gon's claims. 
Reduced 

" I n total litte r. W a­ sh in g to n ’s p ro g ra m s have reduced the amount by 66 per c e n t," said 
A arhaus. " B u t in the sam e period, O regon’s total litte r has been reduced 1o.8 per cent.” 
Even though officials of both states are armed 

 with figures that seem to prove their law is hest, nearly everyone involved agrees both laws have w orked su rp risin g ly well. 
The laws are not ex­ actly parallel. 
Since 
Oregon’s applies only on bottles and cans, though the state Highways De­ p a rtm e n t picks up all forms of roadside debris. 
W ash in gto n’s law regards the real problem as public attitudes that don ’t sufficiently co n ­ dem n litte rin g 
— whether it be bottles and cans, or tons of other de­ bris such as paper and metal. 
Polls 
Rolls taken in Oregon show 9o per cent public support for the bottle program, which requires deposits ranging from 2 to 5 cents a container. 
Refunds are ob­ tained from retail grocers. 
Aarhaus said Washing­ ton has used its tax mon­ ey on programs like the 
" lit te r c o p s" and a 
” ( ascade 
Jack ” cam ­ paign, in whichNi moun­ tain man is used as an antilittering symbol on televison and in new ­ spapers. Washington also has a recycling hotline — telephone n u m b er 
I-8oo-RECYCLE - which tells everyone* in the state where to take materials for recycling. 
The riv alry between the two states perhaps reached its peak when a claim by Oregon Goy. 
Robert Straub that his state was c le a n e r prompted the Vancouver 
(W ash.) C olum bian lo send reporters and edi­ tors to survey roads. 
Their verdict: Washing­ ton was cleaner. 
In response, the Port­ land Oregonian did the sam e and, not s u r p ris ­ ingly, reached the con­ clusion that Orgon was 
‘ leaner. 
Germ an explosion kills U.S. children 

Stet# 
Zip Cod* 

 ti 2$ MCS 
NEEDLEWORK— I 

 j 
Ne 
* V z s 
No 

I No 
Sue 
Ne, j FtttNoii look $ I OO .J 
Needle Alb urn I OO 
I 
Ah patterns m ailed first class. 
* B o o ks separately-— 

AlLLOW FIVE TO !SIX 
SHSWTT- 
I i 
'j, 
I 

WJLDFLECKEN, West 
Germany (AP) — Three children of U.S military families were killed and a fourth was seriously hurt in the explosion of a shell taken from an 
Army firin g ra n g e , a m ilitary spo kesm an reported Sunday. 
He said the 
4o-millimeter round blew up in the basement of an off-post house in this garrison town, apparent­ ly while the cli lid re ii were plus mg with it. 

The spokesman said a search of Army depen­ dents' quarters after the explosion tu rn e d up seven m ore sh ells, all apparently taken home from the sam e firing 

In addition, M yrna 
"S n o o p y " G onzales of 
C hurchill was elected state s e c re ta ry ; and 
Cindy Barbario of Roo­ sevelt was chosen state parliamentarian. 

The students will com­ pete in the national finals in 
May in A naheim . 
Calif., w here tho D is­ trib u tiv e 
E du cation 
Clubs of A m erica con­ vention will be held. 

25-year-old leftist leader. 
Pierfrancesco Lorusso, was killed and dozens of police and students were injured. 
L oru sso’s death prompted tens of thou­ sands of Italian students to stage protest marches 
Saturday in major cities from Milan to Palermo. 
Interior M inister F ra n ­ cesco Cossiga banned demonstrations in Rome afte r m a rc h e rs th ere battled police. Lorusso was to be buried Monday. 

Wave of unrest 

R ebellious stu d en ts have also been occupying universities in Naples, 
Turin and Padua in the w orst wave of stu d e n t unrest in Italy since 1968. 
Observers blam e much of the unrest on student frustration over the in­ ability to find jobs after graduation. 
P re m ie r Giulio An- dreotti held a rare Sun­ day m eeting with P r e ­ sident Giovanni Leone to discuss the student dis­ orders. 
Cossiga te rm e d the d iso rd ers " a planned c rim inal schem e for g u e rrilla w a r .u 

The big apple gets a going-over from travelers at Am sterdam ’s international airport, where thousands of tourists have signed the wooden sculpture. The man at right gets to the core of the matter 
— AP W irephoto 
Rifleman kills five 

MONTREAL, Canada (AP) - Police searched Sunday for a gunm an who sprayed a bar with bullets after an­ nouncing he wanted "the staff,” auth­ orities reported. They said the m an­ ager and four other p erso n s w ere killed and three persons were wound­ ed. 

A man. believed to be 2o to 25 years old, carried a semiautomatic rifle into the Bar Salon de la Gaite in the east end of Montreal shortly before m id­ night Saturday and told about 3o pa­ trons to leave, police said. 
Witnesses told police the gunm an 

 shouted in French: “ Those who have no business here get out. I only want the staff.” 
One of the w ounded. 22-year-old 
Robert Cote, said, “ I had just come in and had enough time to drink a half­ bottle of beer when this guy comes in with a wig and an umbrella." 
“ I thought it was pretty funny and started to laugh,” Cote said. “ Then — 
Pow! Pow! and everything went crazy. 
“ I couldn’t make it to the door so I dove to the floor and was hit. I just lay there for six minutes or so until the police arrived. The guy next to me was dead ... it was awful.” 

The three boys killed were identified as: 
Jam es Altman, 14. son of Sgt. Jam es Altman of 
( o, B, 2nd Batallion, ISH 
Infantry, 3rd Infantry Pi vision, stationed at Wild- flecker). 
Rodney S:.'>oner, 3, nod of S. 
Sgt 
L aw rence 
Spooner of the same unit 
W illiam W heeler, 13, son of S Sgt William B. 
W heeler of the Wild fleckcn-bused !44th Ord 
Ii ai lee I Ti 
Altm an s lU-year old brother Hick)', reported critically injured, was listed in “ stable condi­ tion after an operation at W uer/burg M ilitary 
Hospital. The army s p o ­ kesman quoted doctors as saying the boy’s life was no longer in danger. 

GOODWYEAR 
TUNE-UP TIME 

Get Your Car Ready For Springtime Driving Now 

Brakes-Your Choice 
$4o88 

Additional parts e»tf a ii needed 

2-Wheel From Di*c: install new front disc brake pads 
Repack and in­ spect front wheel bearings • Inspect calipers, hydraulic system and rotors (does not include rear wheels) 
Qp 

4-Wheel Drum-type: Install new brake linings all four wheels • Repack front wheel bearings * Inspect drums and brake hydraulic system, add fluid. 

Lube and Oil Change 

. 
_ _ 
Up to 5 qts of maior brand 
|f* Jm t i e s IO JO grade oil 

T ^ j L O w 
• Complete chassis lubri- 
U cation and oil change 
• Helps ensure long wear­ ing parts and smooth, quiet performance 
• Please phone for appointment • Includes light truces 
Aik (or our Frat Binary Power Chack 

Engine Tune Up 

*36“ 

6 ryi 
Add $4 tor I ry' 
52 (cr air com) 

• Our mechanics electronically fine-tune your engine • New points. plugs and condenser •Test-charg- mg/starting systems, adjust car­ buretor • Helps maintain a smooth running engine • Includes Datsun, 
Toyota VW and light trucks 

'M f ' - 

J * 
------- 
I 
____ ........... ........... ........ 
'-...I 
I W P P 
BBtojkwBisksri iSi i 

Winter fire 
Change-Over 
$299 

Remove or dismount two winter tires and rims. Rotate and install or remount your regular tires Check all tires for damage, wear. correct inflation pressure 

'All-Weather' Battery 
5oo6o 
J B R rn A rugged 

For O' 
2?F 2 

 ugged dependable battery designed to give sure starts in all kinds of weather 

Front-End Alignment 
$H88 
Any (J S made tar - parti eitra if needed 
Jar iud#* (ronl-sheel drive 

• Complete analysis and alignment con ac­ tion -to increase tire mileage and improve steering • Precision equipment used by experienced mechanics helps ensure a precision alignment 

$55o 

..More Goodyear Products And Services For Your Car 

SALE! 
M o in te n o n c e Fru« 
Power Gord Battery' 
$45 

Computerized 
Lifetime 
Wheel Balancing 

 per wheel 

You pay only once! TREE rebalance, if needed, at Goodyear Store doing the original balancing 
’tor the lite of the treed be1 .meed 
.4 twig st tire it not dismounted 
(rom wneei 

INST A u to 

Our most Powerful 
Buttery Mamlenan* 
Free - Never needs water envelop sealed cafe run plates for maximum capacity. 

Sol* trxfe Wadm idoy Night 

Wiper Blade 
Service 
5o88 
Jmrn «Bch 

• Install new. high-quality wiper black-, refills • Helps eliminate 
Streaking and blurring 

ET IV 
Mag Wheels 
$24” 
Sire 13 i 5 5 

• »«' turn <6t Mummy!* 
• OMO (hts ktylm* 
• 8|<|M |l#My r r-itt 
• ( ms* n I.lit nut 
• Cen ct# *s#«n t*f .tm a,#))*#'# 

Enjoy credit po*<» 
With your own 
GOODYEAR r e v o l v in g 
CHARGE ACCOUNT 

 e Mu 

■ v a 
GOODYEAR 

DOWNTOWN 
•ISI Ii Mary's 
(its* * al If Mazy a) 
2 2 2 - 1 3 7 3 

HIGHLANDS ties tai* Airt 
(Iam A»t rn (MHtri 
334-3468 

N O K TH S I D I 
N O R T H W E S T 
M E R R IN P L A Z A 
11479 
SOUTHSIDE 
WESTSIDE 
OOI 'A# NMO 
14 V I MSICX! 11 
H M H * SHIU CP 
I D I i mr cut it a x ? n t o ll UT COaMMUKI 
• 3 4 - 3 3 7 1 
434-31o6 
4 3 4 - 3 1 1 1 
9 2 3 - 4 3 6 3 
2 3 3 - 7 6 7 7 

NORTHWEST nae tatMauiauic ie 
7 3 3 - 4 1 4 1 

D O W N T O W N a il 8 ALAMO 
3 3 7 - 7 3 8 1 

NOR THIAS I till suite* me r 
• 3 4 - o 3 o 8 

 rn 

N O R T H 8 ID I na atap! 

3 4 4 - 4 7 8 4 

N O R TH S ID I tie atone 
3 4 4 - 4 7 8 4 

*** * UM 

E A S T SID E m n C8MMCRCI 
3 3 3 . 7 3 4 4 

Harry, 
Robinson 

San Antonio 
St. Mary’s splits 
Express 

‘ 
L 
______________________________ SPORTS 

Bean eaptures 

Page 
I -D 
Monday March 14 1977 

T ough tim es for 
John M ahaffey 

Clearing the desk of leftover notes and quotes while hoping the Spurs face Cleveland — and' not Boston — in the first round of the NBA playoffs... 

If you have been w ondering why 
John Mahaffey hasn’t been among the leaders on the PCA tour this year, it's because of that nagging arm injury which forced him to withdraw after one round of last O cto ber’s Texas 
Open. The former Kerrville school­ boy star can’t get rid of the arm injury. lie tried playing in the recent 
Bob 
Hope Desert Classic but again had to withdraw, saying, “ In my first five years on the tour, I hit one ball out of bounds. Here, in two rounds. I hit se­ ven out.” and young Bruce Lietzke has been quiet in recent weeks after winning over $12o.(MHI in the first four 
PGA tournaments. The reason is that his dad died. 
Bruce, who was given his first big break by 
Texas Open officials a few years ago, is moving his mom to Oklahoma, whore he has bought several acres. And he hasn’t forgotten that S.A. was the first tour stop to help him when he was a no­ name. He will play in the Texas Open every year, barring emergency situa­ tions... 

In the New York Daily News re­ cently, the Spurs were described as 
(lie “ m ost e x c itin g te a m in the 
NBA’’... 
Marvin Barnes of the Pis­ tons owns, among other things, a Ca­ dillac, a Rolls Boyce and two Dober­ man Pinschers... the all-time team re­ cord for wins in a season was 38 for 
Portland hut that was broken this season... if you're interested in paying 
$85 to take part in the 14th annual 
Santa Rosa Men’s Club Charity Golf 
Tournament slated May 2, at Canyon 
Creek CC, call 228-21(18 - it’s worth the price... Walt Frazier has played in more games (over 74o) than any player iii NY Knick history... in history of 
NBA, 
13 players have grabbed ii).(MKI or more rebounds... the Grand Na­ tional Moto-Cross Championships are scheduled Hits Sunday in the Astro­ dome... 

Moving right along 

Top player on this y e a r ’s 
AitM tennis team is Charles Finley, a senior from S.A. Lee... and on AitM's track roster this year are distance man Lane 
Mitchell, a soph from Alamo Heights, and h a lf-m ile r 
Ron M cGonigle. former city whiz at Jay... there are five former S.A. schoolboys on the 
Texas Lutheran baseball roster... Old 
Dominion, in its first year in Division 
I. defeated cage teams from IO differ­ ent conferences this season... Colum­ bia V. has doubled its win total two straight years — it won four in 75, eight in 76 aud 16 this year... when 
Rice Owls start football practice to­ morrow, only 67 gridders will be on the roster... 

Tommy Kramer, the 
Rice and former Lee ull-everything QB. has won more awards than any athlete in 
Rice history. The Fort Worth Kiwanis 
Club recently honored T.K. for dis­ playing the best sportsmanship in the 
SWC last season... Burbank sold 2JHMI tickets for the stale tourney clash with 
South Oak I liff but a school official claimed, “ I’m sure we could have sold 
7.(NKI to HI.(NKI m ore” ... voting is now going on for the annual Most Popular 
Spur contest — Swen Nater. James 
Silas and George Gervln have been past winners ... since coming to S.A. from the Nets. Billy Paultz has lost at least 2o pounds... and to m o rro w ’s 
Spur-Net game is Camera Night ut the Arena — doors open at 6 p.m. aud tans will lie able to take pics of their favorite players... 

And finally... 

(filbert Salinas has gotten most of the attention from college scouts this season at 
Burbank, but two junior fo rw ard s — 
S te le Gamboa and leonard Lambert — are expected to get scholarships next season... former 
MacArthur hurler Chris Kies, a sen­ ior. is pitching for TCC this season... 
Steve Beskin (Fdison) and 
Richard 
Pena (Brackenridge) are former S.A. schoolboys playing baseball at 
Pan 
Voter icon. where former la»e gridder 
Mario Barrett is the team manager... here’s an oddity — every head coach in the SWC has been to S.A. lo look ut 
Gilbert Salinas ~r except the head man at Rice. It would seem that Rice would need G ilbert's talents more than most... 

The upcoming. $3U5,OOU Colgate 
Dinah Shore 
LPGA tourney is being lulled as the richest event iii women’s sports —the winner gets $36,(MKI and a new car ... Indiana State started a 
6-7-6 9. 6-11 front line this season—aud all three are underclassm en ... Joe 
Senser, a 6*5. 22o-pounder who was all-conference in football for little West 
Chester State, led Hie nation tills sea­ son in field goal percentage. Ile hit 699 
|K*r cent of his shots, breaking Lew 
Atrindor’s all-tim e ( 667) collegiate record ... a ssista n t coach for Wa* sbingtou Bullets d e s c r ib e s George 
Gen in's shooting this wav “ Ile has a jump shot that looks like ll s coining out ut a lunch bag” ... Oregon Stale has four cage player* with the same last tun I ie, Smith , and, finally. Cowboy wide receiver Golden Richards will lie bere March 24 ai Big John’s Steak 
House, which has Iwvti remodeled and now fe a tu r e s live C W e n te r ta in ­ ment,,, 

Hot Pistons put to Spur win streak 

DOUG MOE tries to find the winning words . 

GERVIN, left, Olberding try to force ball from Erie Money but Bad News M arvin Barnes knows Pistons have the game 
Fans boo, 
Piston blue 

By MIKE BRITON 
O f THC tXPBfSS STAff 

The Detroit Pistons left San Antonio Sunday happy about a 
1o2-97 victory over the Spurs and confused about Texas hospitality. 

The reason for the happiness was obvious with Irotli teams in contention for NBA division titles, tin* Spurs in the Central a n d the Pistons in the 
Midwest, the game was crucial. 
The confusion surfaced late iii the third q u arter of the regionally televised contest when Piston playmaker Kevin Porter and a vocal fan engaged in verbal warfare. 
Directly after the incident at 3:13 of the third period 
Pistons Coach lier!) Brown called u timeout with Detroit leading, 68-65. Porter, still fuming about the exchange of words, promptly reported the situation to Brown. 
The Detroit coach immediately went to referee Jesse 
Kersey and then to the sc o re r’s table for assistance, bringing boos and assorted rem arks from many of the 
9.793 fans on hand. 
The game resumed and the Spurs went on to take the lead. 73-72, on a bank shot by Larry Kenon as the quarter ticked down to Hit1 final minute. 
A couple of baskets later, with the Spurs still up by a point. Porter fouled Louie Dumpier aud drew a technical when he ques­ tioned the call. 
Porter, who had played a m ajor role iii D etroit’s offense with hi* penetrating ability, was taken out of the game by Brown never to return 
Brown commented on the incident after the game, giving his opinion of the much heralded San Antonio fans. 
“ What really bothered us and me was the guy at eourtside yelling racial remarks to the players,’’ said Brown. “ The guy made derogatory remarks. 
"I don’t think there’s any place in basketball for that. T hat’s not for 

By J F F F GROSSM AN 
O f THI IKWtSS STAff 
“When you put the ball up in the a ir ,” Darrell Royal once said, “three things can happen, and two of them are bad.” 
The former Texas coach was thinking about the game of foot­ ball, but Sunday that phrase applied to the Spurs. 

Twenty-four San Antonio turnovers turned into 25 Piston points its Detroit halted the S pu rs’ six-gam e winning streak. 1o2-97, Sunday afternoon at the 
C onvention 
C en ter 
Arena. 
“ T he whole thing keyed on m ental e r ­ r o r s ,” said 
S p urs 
Coach Doug Moo. “ We kept throwing passes right into their hands. 
“ We w ere ju st a s ­ leep.'* 
And while the Spurs slept, the Pistons pro­ sp e re d . D urin g the first and fourth quarters, Detroit outscored the Spurs, 
62-42. In between. San Antonio beld a 
55-41 margin. 
“ We haven’t been ready to play at the start since we came off that trip.” 

IS S ftur tu rn stile vom it 

Sunday’s attendance........................ 9.793 
3t home games (1976-77).......... 3o6,1o7 
31 home games (1975-76).......... 264,o58 

 said Moi*, whose team was outscored, 
33-23, in the opening 12 minutes. 
“ We w eren’t ready to play against 
Phoenix or Cleveland, either, but we 

PRESEASON 
Harvest of Values 
KM SKS,■Ksssrssr’ 

 blue or black. c o o 
Values to 

HOW $369o 

GROSSMAN 

Upset spices 
NCAA tourney 

/ 
V 

AVSCX. W U U u n i t 
Top-ranked 
M ichigan barreled past Holy Cross behind flashy A ll-Am erican Rickey t ireen and Syracuse stunned 
Southeast Conference champion 
Tennessee iii overtime Sunday in (he Mideast R e g io n a ls of Hit1 
V A A college basketball tournament. 

The Wolverines broke away from stubborn llol> Cross i i i the final five m inutes to record a 92-81 victory behind Green s 35 i h i o U s , Ins career high. The Orangemen, ranked Huh, rode a 32-point o u tb urst bv g u a rd 
Larry Kelley to victory over the seventh-ranked Volunteers 
Detroit and North Carolina! ballone also posted victories i i i Sunday s 
Mideast regionals Yin T:*o*s r«t».a lith. whtp|M‘d Middle Tennessee 937Ii us Terry Tyler scored 29 points, and 

NC-t harlotle beat Central Michigan 
91-86 i i i ov ertim e to c o m p le te the 
16-team lineup for Thursday’s regional semifinals 

Here are the m atchups for I hors- day s gullies 

—FA IST— Kentucky vs V M I and 
Notre Dam e vs N orth t a n d mu at 
College Park Md 
—WEST—I CLX vs Idaho Stale and 

COMIN 

H O U S T O N st 
Mc* 
4 i n 

AT BROAD' 
S H O U G H 

DOWNTOWN 9 3o to 5 5o MON I hru Sa ! p a rk in g It h i n d DOWNTOWN S to u t ■ 
MjRUkftAN 9 3o IO 6 OO MON T H R U VAT 
ALI MAJOR CRI DIT CARDS HONORIO 

’oge 
2-D 
H 
S A N A N T O N IO EXPRESS— M ond o/ Morch 14 1977 

S p o rts C a le n d a r 

T rinity net tors in action 

The men netter* from Trinity University tangle with C lemson at the 
Trinity Tennis Stadium at 2 p.m. The women netter* host Brigham Young ut 1o:3o a.m. 

Remainder of the week's sports activities: 

M O N D A Y 
College Tennis: T rinity w om en vs 
B r ig h o m 
Y o u n g. T rin ity T e nnis Stad ium , to JO a m ; 
T r in it y m e n v s 
C le m so n . 
T r in it y 
T e n n is 
Stadium . 2 p rn 
C ollege B ase ball 
T e xa s A A M vs. K a n s a s 
(?), V .J 
Keefe Field. IO a rn 
M a n k a to State at T e x a s Luth eran <?), Seguin. I p rn .; T rin ity at Rice. Houston, 3 p m ; O k la h o m a State af 
P a n A m e rica n . E d in b u rg . 7 d rn. 
College Golf: Sot. Antonio C ollege a* B e v o 
C la ssic , A u stin , 
T e x a s A& t a n d S o u th w e st 
T e xas at Sam H ouston Invitational. H u n tsville . 
H ighschool Baseball: See sched ule on P a g e 
4 D 

T U E S D A Y 
P ro Basketball: S o u rs TiDotf C lu b L u n c h e o n 
P e a r l s J e rs e y L illy R o o m . n o o n 
G u e s t sp eaker 
K evin Lo u gh e ry, coach of the N ew 
Y ork Nets. A d m issio n . SS for n o n m e m b e rs. 
S p u rs vs New Y o rk Nets, C o n ve n tio n C enter 
Arena. 7: 3o p rn. 
College Baseball 
T e xas A A M vs 
K a n s a s. 
V.J. Keefe Field, noon, T e x a s A A M vs. M a n koto State, V.J 
Keefe Field. 3 p.m ., 
K a r s a s vs St M a ry 's , V.J. Keefe Field. 6 p m ; Joh n 
Brow n at Pan A m e ric a n , E d in b u rg , 7 p m . 
College Golf. Sa n A ntonio C ollege at B e v o 
C la ssic , A u stin , 
T e x a s A A I a n d S o u th w e st 
T e xas at Sam H ouston Invitational. H u n tsville . 

W E D N E S D A Y 
P ro Tennis: Lionel C up q u a lifyin g , M c F a r lin 
Tennis Center, IO a rn. 
College Baseball: T e x a s A A M at T rin ity (2), 
I 3o p m . ; K a n s a s at T e x a s L u th e ra n (2 ), 
Seguin, l p m ; Joh n B ro w n vs. P a n A m o r icon, 5 p m .; O k la h o m a State vs. P a n A irie r icon, 7 p rn., E d in b u rg. 
P ro W restling: M u n ic ip a l A u d ito riu m . 8 p rn. 
T H U R S D A Y 
P ro Tennis: Lionel C up q u a lifyin g . M c F a r lin 
Tennis Center, IO a rn. 
College Tennis: 
T rin ity w om en vs. 
T e xa s. 
Trinity Tennis Stad ium , I p m . T rin ity m en at 

R ic e Invitational, H o u sto n , Sa n A n to n io Col leqe m en at C o n co rd ia College, A u stin , J p rn 
College B ase ball: 
Sa n A n to n io C o lle g e vs. 
Lo n g v ie w CC (2), N o rm o v le Fie ld 
1:3o c m . 
O k la h o m a State at P a n A m e ric a n , E d in b u rg . 7 p rn 
College Golf: 
T e x a s L u th e ra n In v ita tio n a l sequin C o u n try Club, 1:15 p m. 

F R ID A Y 
P ro Tennis: Lionel C u p q u alifyin g , M c F a r lin 
Tennis Center. IO a rn. 
College Tennis: T rinity m en al R ice In vite tional, H ouston 
C ollege B ase ball: 
Sa n A n to n io C o lle g e v s 
B ee County (2), O lm o s P a rk , 1:3o p m ; H o r d m -Sim m o n s at Trinity, 7 p m ; 
R ice at P a n 
A m e rican , E d in b u rg , 7 p rn 
Sw im m ing 
U IL ch am p io n sh ip s. A ustin , 6 3o p.m. 
C o lle ge T ra c k : S o u th w e st T e x o s m e n at 
Killeen R elays. Killeen, T e xa s A A I w o m e n at 
T exas Southern R e la y s, Houston, 

S A T U R D A Y 
P ro Basketball: S p u rs at C leveland . 7 p m 
Pro Tennis: Lionel C u o q u alifyin g , M c F a r lin 
Tennis Center, IO o rn. 
College Tennis: Trinity m en at R ice In vite tional. H ouston 
C o lle ge B a s e b a ll: St 
M a r y 's vs. 
T e x a s 
Luth e ran (2), V.J 
Keefe Field, 2 p.m .; H a r ­ din-Sim m o n s at Trinity *2 ), 6 p m ; Sa n A n tonio C ollege at Bee C ounty (2), Beeville. 1:3o p.m .; O k la h o m a State at P a n A m e r ic a n 5 p m.; M ic h ig a n State at P a n A m e ric a n , 7 o rn., 
Ed in b u rg. 
Shooting: S p rin g field trial, U n io n V a lle y ; 
N ational G u n C lub O pen skeet shoot. N a tio n a l 
G un Club. 
Sw im m ing: 
U IL ch am p io n sh ip s, 
A u stin , 
2 p m . 
Auto Rocing: P a n A m e ric a n Sp e e d w a y, tim e trials at 7 p rn., ra c e s start at 8 p m. 
College T rack: T e x a s A A I w om en of T e x a s 
Southern R elays. Houston. 

St. Mary’s, 
Aggies split 

Bv CLIFFORD BROYLES 
OF THE EXPRESS STAFF 

STEEL RADIAL "BLENIS 
"BIG CAR SIZES" 
HR 15 
JR 15 
LR 15 

4oo S. FLORES 
AT DURANGO 
2264111 

 l l 
B ears b ite 
HOUSTON 
(A P) 
- 
Baylor's Luke Prestridge blasted three hits and drove in three runs as the 
Bears demolished Rice 
12-3 Sunday in a South­ west Conference baseball game here. 

Sa v io r 
o2J 142 OOO — 12 l l o 
Rico 
OOO 2oo o1o — 
3 
8 4 
C o ke r, B ra z e n ( 7 ) a n d O l m s key, W oolev (8). G oven, M a x w e ll 
<6> o n d H in so n a n d P o in d e x te r 
(6) W — Coker, 3-1. L — G oven, 62. 
H R - W ells A 8oo. 

Charlie M igl’s sacrifice fly turned an afternoon of would have beens into a was for the St. 
Mary’s Rattlers Sunday. 

Migl drove in pinch runner Orlando 
Vera as darkness crowded into V.J. 
Keefe Field lo give the Snakes a 4-3 w in over Texas A&M in the second game of their doubleheader. 
St. M ary's, in a fashion that is becoming characteristic of this Rattler team, held a 5-3 lead over the Aggies in the first game only to have A&M score seven times in the final frame for a 
1o*5 win. 
The R a ttle rs, th e m se lv e s, cam e from behind in the nightcap, emerging from an early 3-o deficit to bring their season record to H-8. 
Hitless 
St. Mary’s did not collect a hit in the decisive seventh inning charge, which unknotted a 3-3 game. 
Pinch hitter Jules Monier walked to start the inning and took second when 
Paul Szym arek bunted. T h ird b a ­ sem an W inston W hiddon’s peg to second was late and both runners were safe. 
Enter Vera to run for Monier. 
Glynn Tschirhart then put down a sacrifice bunt to advance the runners a notch closer to the final destination. He nearly beat it out for a hit. 
That brought on John Pockrus, who had won the first game in relief, to face 
Migl, who lifted his drive high to right center. Vera beat Shelton M cM ath’s throw standing up. 
Conrad Perez, a seven-game winner last season, notched this first victory of the year with a four-hitter. Perez held the Aggies without a hit over the final three innings. 
F orm er Clem ens acc left h an d er 
Mike Vickers started the second game 

 fur A&M and was rocked for eight hits in three and one-third innings. He was not involved in the decision and was hacked by double play in each of the first four innings. 
St. Mary’s appeared to have the first game within its grasp also, after the Rattlers scored three times in the bottom of the sixth for a 5-3 lead. 
The R attler rally was m arked by 
Aggie generosity in the form of three errors, plus run-scoring singles by 
Paul Szymarek and Ted Trevino. 
Trevino 

S zy m a re k ’s tied the g am e and 
Trevino, who had a two-run triple in the second game, followed with a hit that put St. Mary’s ahead, 4-3. 
But the Aggies ju m p ed on loser 
Danny Beep and su c c e sso r Bob 
Wagner for seven runs, on five hits, two St. Mary’s errors and four walks in the last inning. 
A&M broke a 5-5 tie when Tim 
Feickert’s fielder’s choice grounder,* which was nearly an inning-ehding double play, allowed two runners to cross the plate. 
Four Aggies, Robert Bonner, Buddy 
Grobe, 
W hiddon and 
B u ste r 
Turner, had two hits each in the first game while Duane Haynes was the only Rattler with two safeties. 
Shelton M cM ath, who played his high school ball in Houston but whose parents now reside in San Antonio, helped put the Snakes away with a two-run single in the big seventh inning. 
St. Mary's will play Kansas at 6 p.m. 
Tuesday at Keefe Field. 

F IR S T G A M E 
Te xas A A M 
OOO 
21o 7 -1 o l l 3 
St M a r y 's 
oo2 oo3 o— S 
9 
3 
P ie c z v n s k l, P o k r u s J«) a n d T u r n e r . H e e p . 
W agner (7) and M onier. W — P o k ru s (1-1). L — 
Heeo (1-3). 

S E C O N D G A M E 
T e xas A A M 
IOO 
2oo o— 3 
4 
o 
SI M a ry s 
OOO 
3oo 1— 4 
V 
4 
V ickers, Scearce (4), P o c k ru s (7) ond H a w th ­ orne C. Perez ond Trevino. W — Perez (1-1). L — 
Scearce (62). 

LARRY K E N O N of Spurs heads for Piston goal during Sunday’s game as Erie Money of Detroit pursues him. Gam e story, Page 
ID . — Photo by H.M. Dean, Jr. 
Baseball calendar 

S a tu rd a y 's G am e s 
P itsb u rg * (N ) 8. Cincinnati (N ) 6 
Philadelphia (N ) 8, C h ic ago (A ) 3 
New Y o rk *A > S, Baltim o re (A ) o 
Boston (A ) 12. Detroit (A ) 8 
San D ieao (N ) 6, Seattle (A ) 3 
K a n s a s City (A ) IO, T e xas (A ) 3 
New York (N ) IO, St Louis ( N ) o 
Los A ngele s (N ) I, Atlanta (N ) o 
San F ra n cisco (N ) IO, C h ic ago (N ) 8 
Cleveland 8. M exico City 2 
M ontreal (N ) 6, Houston (N ) 3 
M innesota (A ) 7, Toronto (A ) 2 
C o llo m ia (A ) 6, M ilw au ke e (A ) 2 

S u n d a y s G am e s 
M innesota (A ) 3, Houston 2 
Son F ra n cisco (N ) 6, C h ic ago (N ) 2 
Son D iego (N ) 8. Seattle (A ) * 
Detroit (A ) 6, Toronto 3 
New Y o rk (N ) 3. St. L o u is ( N IO 
Atlanta (N ) S, L o s A n ge le s ( N ) 3 
P ittsb u rgh (N ) vs. C in cin n ati ( N ) at T a m o a . 
Fla., 1:3o p.m. 
New York * A ) vs. Baltim o re (A ) at M ia m i, 2 pm . 
Cleveland * A ) vs. O aklan d (A ) at M e sa, Arlz.. 3 p.m. 
M ilw a u k e e (A ) vs. C a lifo r n ia ( A ) at P o lm 
Springs. Calif., 4 p m. 
Texos (A ) vs. K o n so s City * A ) at Fort M y e rs. 

Fla., 1:3o p m. 
Philadelphia ( N L split sauod, vs. D etroit (A ). 
Fla., I 3o p m. 
Boston (A) vs. C h icago (A ) at S a raso ta. Flo., 
1:3o p.m. 
M ontreal ( N ) vs. Philade lphia 
( N ), M o n d a y s 
G am e s 
Philadelphia IN ) vs. P ittsburgh (N ) at B r a d e n ­ ton, FIO., 12 3o p m. 
M ontreal ( N ) vs. Toronto (A ) at D unedin. F la , 
12:3o p m . 
T e x a s 
( A ) vs. 
N e w 
Y o r k 
( A ) a t 
F o r t 
Lauderdale, Fla., 12:3o a rn. 
Cin cin n ati (N ) vs. K a n s a s C ity (A ) at F o rt 
M ye rs, FIO., 12:3o p.m. 
St. Louis * N ) vs. Detroit (A ) at L ak e la n d . FIO., 
12:3o p m. 
L o s A n g e le s ( N ) vs. N e w Y o r k 
( N ) at St. 
Petersburg, FIO .1 :3 o p m. 
C h icago (A ) vs. Boston (A ) at W inter H ave n , 
Flo , 12:3o p m 
Californio (A ) vs. San F ra n c isc o ( N ) at P h oen tx. 2 p.m. 
O aklan d (A ) vs. M ilw a u k e e (A ) at Su n C ity. 
Ariz., 2 p.m. 
Seattle (A ) vs. C h ic ago ( N ) at Tem pe. Ariz., 2 p.m. 
Son D ie go * N ) vs. C le ve lan d (A ) at T u c so n , 
Ariz., 2 p.m. 
M innesota (A ) vs. Atlanta * N ) at W est P a lm 
Beach, Fla., 6:3o P.m. 
Reds Upset spices 
NCAA tourney 

Y 
"" — iI 
•j 

I i 

Ii 
II i 
I 
. i 
• 
Ii 

 iIv 
I 
II 

T Lawrords 

WONDERLAND MALL 

TAMPA, Fla. (AP) - 
Rookie infielder Steve 
Henderson belted a two- run home run to lead the 
Cincinnati Reds to a 3-1 exhibition baseball vic­ tory over the Pittsburgh 
Pirates Sunday. 
Cincinnati scored all its runs in the fifth inning off losing pitcher Grant 
Jackson. 

Pittsburgh 
OOO OOO o1o — 1 I o 
Cincinnati 
OOO o3o OOI — 3 7 o 
M ed ic*, G iusti (3), Jack son (S). 
S c h e rm a n (7 ) on d Oft. N ic o sia 
(6). M oskou. Hinton (4). Soto (6). 
J H e n d e rso n (9) a n d P lu m m e r, 
W ern er «6>, W H inton; L J o c k s o n 
H R — H e n d e rso n ( S i­ 

 n ew Y o rk 
OOO O il o)1 OOO o — 
3 ll I 
Baltimore IOO OII OOO OO o I — 
4 IO J 
13 innings 
H o llz m o n , C la y (4), M e r s c h 
(7 ), C a r n a l ( l l ) an d M u n so n , 
Irw in (7). G rim sle y . F o rd (4), 
C h e v c z 
(7 ), 
R 
M ille r 
(V ), 
S t e w a r t (1 2 ) o n d D e m p s e y . 
S k a g g s W — Stew art L — C o m a l 

Cleveland OOO o1o oo4 o — S 12 

Oakland 
OOI OOO JIO I — o 14 ) 
IO innings 
Kern, C a m p e r (4), M c G o u g h 
(7), Ratch (81, H a sle y ; N o rris. 
Bahnsen (4), M cC attv (7), Bos- m o n (9) S a n g u in e s N e w m a n 
(8 ) 
W - B o s m a n 
L — R o le * . 
H R s — Cleveland, Thornton, M e l 
•on Ookiond, G ross. 

Philadelphia (SS) OOO OU oo3 — 
4 1o 2 
Detroit 
OOO 1o1 oo2 — 4 IO 2 
Tw itched, M c G r o w (4), K ise r 
* 7 ). a n d B o on e. B a s t a b le (7 ); 
Bore, W ilcox (6), Tovlor (9), and 
M a v, 
W o c k e n t u s s 
(7 ) 
W — M c G ro w 
L Wilcox. 
H R — F e rre t 

SI. LOUIS (N ) OOO OOO OOO - o 4 

New Y o rk 
N ) 
HO OOO O U - 3 
S I 
F a K o ne. C ornua «4), H a rriso n 
(7), M r ab ask v ( I) o n d Sim m o n s, 
R o d e r (7 ); M a tto c k , E s p in o z a 
(4). Su d e cki (7), L o ck w o o d (9) o n d 
S t e a r n s . 
H o d g e s 
( 7 ) . 
W - M attock L — F a lco n e 

Seattle 
OOO oo4 OOO - o 
* J 
Son D iego 
o24 IOO 4ox - S U I 
Jo n e s. H o m o (J ). B a r r (4 ), 
T h om as (7) ana Stinson G riffin, 
M u r a (4). F rie sie P e n 14) a n d 
B e m o l (91 
W — G riffin I O. L — 
Jones O I. H R — Stinson. 

M innesota 
OOO JOO OOO — 3 I o 
Houston 
OOI OOO O U - 3 I 4 
C e lli. P u n k 
4), W VIOV (7 ). 
Johnson (*) and W ynegar. Lon ch ar ( I) . R e n d o n , G riffin (3 ), 
B a n n iste r (S I, K o m e c in y (7 ), 
Soso (9) ond Ferguson. P ato is 
( l l 
W - 
G o t t i 
L — G r if f in . 
H R — Adorns A — 2,445. 

M ontreal 
o33 41o o31 - IJ 17 J 
Philade lphia (S S ) 
o3o OOI I U 
- 
7 I I I 
Londreth , C a rro ll (4), G reit (6), 
T o rre s ( I ) a n d Foote, D o r m a n 
Seoane. W righ t (4), B ru s st a r (7), 
S c h u e le r (9 ) a n d N a h o r o d n v , 
B l a c k w e l l. 
M o r e l a n d 
W - L o n d r e l h 
L — S e o a n e , m r s 
D aw so n , 
Foote. 
M e n a s. 
M otion 
S S Split sau o d 

C h ic ago (N ) 
OOO O U OOI - 
I 
I I 
San F ra n cisco ( N I o3o M I oo« 
- 4 IO o 
C o le m an , A lb e rt (41, H e m a n , doz *41 on d H a m ric k ( ll. M il 
•er w m d 
M c U lo in e n . W illia m s 
14) and Lave lle (7l a n d H ill and 
Sa dirk 
(71 
W 
M c Glut lien 
L — C o le m an 

Ailanto 
OM O U OOI - 4 9 I 
Lo s Angeles 
IM OOI OOO — 3 I 

( a m p 
E a s t e r ly * 4 ). C o llin s 
I I I . D a i C a n io n (91 a n a Pue or aba. C o rra l (91, Mutton, D o w n m g (41. C a rm a n ( I) a n d v e a g e r 
W — C o ll in s 
L — G a r s a n m r 
Atlanta, Poe a rab a 

Detroit (S S ) O M O U I M - 4 U 
• 
Toronto 
OM O U OM - I 
I ) 
Ar i o*o. C a b b a I zed© *41, S y k e s 
111 o n d ftim m , G a r v in . B v r d 
14), D o n (7). D e b u t! c li a n d 
A sh b y 
W 
A rro y o 
L — G a r v in 
M R • D c if M i, P u n is h 
S S spill 

Continued from Page ID 

Utah vs Nevada-Las Vegas at Provo, 
Utah. 
—MIDWEST—Marquette vs Kansas 
State and Southern Illinois vs Wake 
Forest at Oklahoma City. 
—MIDEAST—Michigan vs Detroit and Syracuse vs North Carolina-Char- lotte at Lexington, Ky. 
The regional finals will be Saturday. 
The four survivors advance to the na­ tional sem is Saturday. M arch 26 in 
Atlanta and the finals will be Monday night, March 28. 
Upset 
Perennial powers UCLA, Kentucky and North Carolina won as expected 
Saturday but Nevada-Las Vegas and 
Wake Forest provided the day ’s big­ gest surprises. The Rebels, ranked fifth, embarrassed No. 3 San Francisco 
121-95 and the Deacons upset No. 8 Ar­ kansas 86-8o. 
No. 2 UCLA downed No. 14 Louisville 
87-79, No. 6 Kentucky overpow ered 
Princeton 72-58 and No. 4 North Ca­ rolina got by Purdue 69-66. 
K ansas 
S tate ousted 
No. 
13 
Providence 87-8o, No. 15 Notre Dame defeated Hofstra 9o-83, No. 16 M ar­ quette dumped No. ll Cincinnati 66-61, 
No. 19 Utah eliminated St. John’s, N.Y. 
72-68, Southern Illinois dropped No. 2o 
Arizona 81-77, VMI beat D uquesne 
73-66 and Idaho State topped Long 
Beach State 83-72. 
Michigan, 25-3, got its fast break going in earnest late in the game and ran off eight straight points to pull out to an 8o-7o lead over Holy Cross with about five minutes left. The Crusaders, 
23-6, never got within eight after that. 
The speedy Green, who scored many 

 of his points on dazzling layups, got support from Phil H u b b ard and 
Johnny Robinson, who scored 16 points each. Michael Vieens got 23 points and 
Chris Potter 2o for Holy Cross, 23-6. 
Syracuse rallied from a lOpoint deficit early in the first half to lead by as many as seven in the second. But 
Tennessee got even at 78-78 at the end of regulation on a pair of free throws by Reggie Johnson with 17 seconds left. 
T E N N E S S E E (M ):G ru n te ld 1o 6-11 74. K in g I 7 8 
23. Johnson 6 S-5 17. D orden 3 6-o 6. J o ck so n 4 6 o 12. 
Crosby o o-o o. Thzeeths o o-o o. B e rte lk o m o I o-o 4. 
Totals 35 IO 24 88 
S Y R A C U S E (93): Sh ack le lord 3 ) 5 7 , B y rn e s 4 7 7 
15. Boule 3 2 2 8. Kelley 9 4-4 22. W illia m s 7 2 2 16. 
Km del 5 2 3 2, O rr 2 2-4 6, D rew 2 3-4 7, P o rk e r o o o o. 
Totals 35 23 32 93. 
H a lftim e — T e n n e sse e 38. S y r a c u s e 35. F o u le d o u t— G ru n te id . K in g, J o c k so n . Borne. O rr. T o ta l fouls— Tennessee 27, Sy ra cu se 23. A — 5,965 

M IC H IG A N (92): Robinson 7 2 2 16. Stolon o o-o o. 
H u b b o rd 6 4 6 16. G rote 3 2 2 8. G re e n 16 3-3 35, 
Baxter 6 o-o 12, Thom pson o 12 T. H a rd y I o o I, 
Burgen 1 o 12. Totals 4o 12 16 92 
H O L Y C R O S S ( l l ) : V ice n s ll I 2 23. D o ra n 6 2 3 
14. Potter 9 2 3 2o. M cA u ie y 2 4 4 8. B e ck e n b o ch 3 o2 
6. Brow ne 3 o-o 6. C a s k Ins 2 o-o 4. T otals 36,9 14 l l 
H olttim e — H oly C r o s s 4o. M ic h ig a n 39. F o u le d out— Vicens. Total lo u is— M ic h ig a n IS. H o ly C r o s s 
16 A — 12.368. 

N C -C H A R L O T T E < 9 1 ):M ossev 6 2 2 14. K in g 4 
13 9. M axw ell ll 1o12 32. K in e * 6 2 2 14. W a tk in s 
5 2 2 12. Scott 1 2 2 4, G ru b e r 2 2 2 6. W hitfield o o-o 
o Totols 35 21 25 91 
C E N T R A L M IC H IG A N ( 8 4 ) : D r a k e 5 3 4 13. 
Troot 7 8 8 22. Poquette 6 
3 
4 15. G ro u te r I 
OO 2. 
B race y 7 2 2 16, G uivdon 7 OO 14, Joner 
I 2 2 4. 
K ae d in g o 61 o, H osevn o GO o. Totols 34 U 2o 86 
Halftim e— NC Charlotte 49. C entrol M ic h ig a n 46 
R e g u la tio n — 81 S I 
F o u le d O u t — D r a k e . T o to l 
F o o l s — C h a r lo t t e 2o, C e n t r a l M i c h i g a n 2o 
Technical— Central M ic h ig a n bench A — 12.631, 

M I D D L I T E N N R S S E E (7 6 ):C o le m o n 1 o o 2. 
Joyner 8 7 8 23. M artin 13 2 
3 28. M o c k 1 o o 2. 
Tovlor 4 13 9, Brow n 6 OO 
12. B u rre ll o O O o. 
Render o OO o. Thom pson o OO o. Totols 33 TO 14 
76 
D E T R O IT -9 3 )'.Long 9 I 2 IO. Bo stick 1 o o 4. 
Tyler 12 S I 29. B o yd 6 2 2 14. D u e ro d 4 2 3 IO. 
Whitlow 3 OO A. A nde rson 2 OO 4, M c C o rm ic k I O O 
2. R o ss o OO o. Jockson 1 o o 2. N ile s o 2 3 2. Totals 
4o U U 93. 
H a lftim e — D e tro it 46. M id d le T e n n e s s e e 38. 
Fouled out — M ock. Taylor 
Toto! fou ls — M id d le 
Tennessee 21. Detroit 14. 

THE OFFICE (DESK) COMPUTER 

A N EW CO N CEPT IN DATA P R O C E S SIN G . At taxi a major computer compart/ has brought you the power of the computer in a form you can easily understand. The Olivetti ‘OFFICE 
(DESK) CO M PU TER’ was designed to be placed on your secretary s desk and to be operated by her or one of your of' fice clerical personnel. Basic Accounting Systems (GENERAL 
LEDGER, A C C O U N T S RECEIVABLE, A C C O U N T S PAYABLE* 
PAYROLL, etc.) can be installed and fully operational in your office in just a manner of days. Call your local Olivetti Office today and see what this could mean to you and your compony. 

Easy to install ond just as easy on your company budget! 
TELEPHONE N O . 2 2 7 -o 3 5 ! 

Fans boo, 
Piston blue 

Continued from Page ll) human beings,"’ he continued. “ There ought to be something done.” . 
In the Detroit postgame dressing room. Brown and all of the players seemed elated about the victory and were talkative. But Porter sat quietly with an angry scowl on his face. 
One has to wonder whether the playmaking ace was still upset about the incident with the fan or at Brown for being benched. It has been publicized widely that Porter and Brown have been at odds at points this season. 
“ I don't have anything to say," Porter said forcefully when asked to explain the fireworks that had taken place on the court. “ I said I have no comment."' he snapped when a second attempt was made to get an explanation. 
4 guards 
"We have four guards," explained Brown. "And Erie (Money) and Ralph 
(Simpson) were playing well. There was simply no other reason for taking him (Porter) out 
"You’ve got to go with a gut reaction.” Brown continued. "Erie is more familiar with (George) Gervin, being from Detroit. You’ve got to go with the guys who are playing well. You don’t want to go with a guy who’ll be cold coming off the bench." 
But Porter, who dealt out six assists, seemed to be playing well 
“ Yeah, lie (Perter) played well...everybody played well," answered 
Brown 
Double digits 
^Detroit did not have a player to score 2o or more points, but five Pistons were in double digits. 
M L. Carr led the way with lf) points, followed by Chris Ford (IS). 
Howard Porter (IO). Loon Douglas (15) and Simpson (14) 
"We proved we're not a one-man team," said Brown noting tin* absence of the Pistons" mammoth, o-11 center Bob Lanier, who is nursing a fractured hand. 
"W e were aware that the Spurs have beaten us twice this year and that they were on a six-game winning streak. Every guy on the club contributed. 
Douglas is carrying a lot of our load with Lanier out. 
“ Howard Porter did an excellent job on Ketion and Resin Porter and 
Ford were super in the first half.." Brown concluded 
S p u r s b u r n e d b y h o t P i s t o n s 

Continued from Page IU 

 came back. That kind of thing catches up with you.” 
San Antonio surged to a 78-74 lead after three periods, but Detroit do­ minated the fourth quarter as thor­ oughly as it controlled the first 
Piston forward Howard Porter, known to friends as “ Geezer.” led the fourth quarter assault with eight points, including six straight that pulled his team into an 89-89 tie with 
6:31 left. 
But that was only part of the tale. 
The Pistons entered the bonus situa­ tion at that juncture, and hit on eight of ll free throws in the final quarter. San 
Antonio was one-for-one from the line in the final quarter. 
Further, San Antonio committed eight turnovers in the final quarter, while Detroit was making just four. 
"Going to the foul line early gave them some easy points," said Spurs’ forward Larry Kenon. 
"I don’t know what kind of defense they used, but it sure wasn’t the same us the last time we played them. 
Everytime I turned around there were two or three guys trying to get the ball." 
Forward M L Carr led Detroit in grand larceny, pulling off four steals while scoring 19 points and hauling down eight rebounds. 
All over 
“ He was all over the place," said 
Moe. "H e’d miss a shot, and then tap it in. The offensive boards was another example of how we were outhustled. 
“ They were gambling a lot on de­ fense. jumping iii front of their men for steals. I was mostly disappointed in the way we moved the ball It was ter­ rible. 
“ Everytime tin* game got close, we just threw it away." 
“ They wouldn’t let us swing the ball,” said Spurs’ guard Louie Dum­ pier. who had 12 points. “ So we ended up going one-on-one a lot. And we didn’t move enough ’’ 
Center Billy Paultz moved well en­ ough for 26 points and 14 rebounds, while George Gervin Int for 27 points while dishing out six assists. Mark 
Olberding added IO rebounds. 
“ We set the tone early," said Paultz 
“ 'J'lioy got the idea early that they could run on us. Then we get up by six. commit two quick turnovers, and ti ivy’re back in it. 
“ There were just too many lur* uov ers." 
Detroit bolted to a 14-point lead midway through the tirst quarter as they ran with all the precision of the 
Spurs, the team that usually leaves 

 other squads in the dust. 
Iii the first two meetings between these teams, San Antonio won by scores of 136-129, and 135-129. The pace was fast and the shooting good. 

Neither team shot 56 per cent this time, and the pace was fast only inter­ mittently. 

"We never got the tempo going," said Moe 
"I thought we were going to get it going a couple of times," said Allan 
Bristow, "but then there would be a television timeout, and it would slow us down." 
Jumper 
Mike Gale’s 15-foot juniper from the right cut tin' Pistons’ lead to 99-97 with 
1:13 left, but Detroit's most popular 
Carr raised it back to four with a 
2o-footer. 

An offensive foul on Ice gave the ball back to Detroit. And the Pistons kept the ball when Marvin Barnes retrieved his own rebound in the corner. Detroit outscored San Antonio. 16-4, over the final four minutes. 

The Pistons, the team that loves to hate each other, are now just 24 games behind first-place Denver in the 
Midwest Division. 

Tile Spurs are 2*2 behind Houston, tin* leader iii the Central Division 

"Detroit's a good team." said Moo. 
"Even without (Bob) Lanier (out with an injury), they have more talent than many teams. 
"I didn t think anybody played well for us. It might've been Gale’s worst game. K was awful, no one was good. 
"It s a shame it happened now, be­ cause we just can’t afford it." 
Because while the Spurs were compiling a six-game winning streak, the Rockets have now won seven in a row. 
The need to excel grows greater by 
Hie day in the Central. 

Co»f 
H Porter 
Douglas 
K, Porter 
T Ord 
Bornan 
Brow n 
I be' ho> cl 
Money 
Simoson totals 

X en on 
Giber Om 
Poult* 
Gale 
G ervin 
Dumpier 
Bristow 
Dietrich to tals 
Petty w i n s 

Detroit (1o2) 
M in fg tga ft ttg reb pl pts 
31 
8 14 
3 4 
8 
5 
19 
39 
7 14 
7 2 
6 
3 
16 
36 
6 17 
3 6 
16 
3 
15 
25 
7 7 
OO 
I 
4 
4 
23 
9 17 
OO 
o 
I 
18 
26 
3 ll 
3 3 
5 
I 
9 
4 
2 4 
o I 
3 
I 
4 
8 
o I 
12 
o 
I 
I 

18 
I 6 
o o 
I 
I 
7 
JO 
6 171 
I 7 
I 
I i 

74o 44 98 14 25 43 24 1o2 
Spurs (97) 
M in la tao ti (ta reb pf pts 
38 
5 13 
7 8 ll 
I 
17 
34 
I 6 
OO 
IO 
3 
8 
36 
9 15 
7 6 
14 
J 
7o 
26 
I 5 
• I 
3 
I 
43 
17 71 
3 4 
5 
5 
II 
77 
5 9 
I I 
I 
I 
17 
14 
o I 
J I 
I 
7 j 
22 
3 7 
o o 
5 
4 
6 
24o 4o l l 1774 5o 21 i t 
C O R L B V QT R S 
19 
I I 
I 8 - 1o2 
2) 
I I 
33 
19- 
97 
Detroit 13, S A 24 
J, X Po rter I. F o rd I, B o rn e s I. 

ROCKINGHAM, N C. (A P) - R i­ chard Petty, who must wish every drawl National stttek car race were run at North Carolina Motor Speed­ way, won another one here Sunday, the- 
12th annual Carolina 566 

EASTERN CONFERENCE 
Atlantic Division 
W L 
Pct. 
GB 
I* liladelplna 
39 27 
5o1 
— 
IblMllll 
34 32 
.515 
5 
New York Kit ic kb 
.’it) 37 
44H 
94 
Buffalo 
27 41 
.397 
13 
New York Nets 
21 48 
313 
IHI* 
Central Division ikiustull ta -ii 
HOO gashing! on 
39 2H 
,5H2 
14 
San Antonio 
IIH 29 
.567 
24 
( lev eland 
34 
MI 
,531 
5 
Atlanta 
28 4o 
,412 
13 
New Orleans iii 4o 
394 
14 
W ESTERNCONFERENCE 
Midwest Division 
I Seiner 
42 *J5 
827 
Detroit 
4o 2H ; 58H 
24 
Kansas C ity 
35 31 
53o 
84 t hieugo 
32 35 
.ii 8 
IO indiana 
• 
3t) 38 
441 
12 

SAN ANTONIO EXPRESS— Monday March 14 1977 
H 

W arriors hoi 
OAKLAND (A P ) - 
The,Golden State War­ riors put eight players in double figures to over­ come a 47-point perfor­ mance by Washington’s 
Elvin Hayes and take a 
122-119 National B a s e ­ ball Association victor- yoveec the Bullets Sun­ day afternoon. 

COACH BRO W N , 

Bulls stun 
76ers 

 left, talks with Kevin Porter 

PHOTO BY PAT HAMILTON 

Jabbar shines 
U N IO N D A LE, 
N Y . 
(AP) — Hareem Abd til- 
Jabbar, playing under the protective eyes of 166 
FBI agents, sank a pair of free throws with 41 seconds to play to put Los 
Angeles ahead for good and the Lakers continued their mastery over the 
New York Nets Sunday with an 84-81 National 
Basketball Associatinn victory. 
It was the first appear­ ance on the road for Ab- dul-Jabbar, who has been under constant protection since a group of the 11 an a f i Muslim sect, of which Abdul- 
Jabbar is a member, took over three buildings and held more than 16o hostages in Washington last week. One of the grievances listed by the 
Hanafis was the murder of several members of th(> sect a few years ago in Washington in a house given to the group by 
Abdul-Jabbar. 
Abdul-Jabbar finished tho afternoon with 23 points and ll rebounds, tops for the Lakers. 

LO S A N G E L E S (BU) P o w e ll 6 
5 6 17, Ford 6 (TO I?, A b d u lJab b ar 
8 7 ll 23, Chanev 4 o o 8. Allen 4oo 
8. Abernathy I Q I ? . Neum ann o 
OOO. Tatum 4 o o 8. Kupee 3 o o 6. 
Totals 36 I? 
N E W Y O R K N E T S : (B l) D avis 
2 o o 4. Bantam It 3 3 25. Hughes I 
o o 2, von B r e d a K o lft 3 o o 6. 
Skinner 5 I 4 ll. T e rry o 7 2 7. To* 
3 3 4 9. H awkins 9 4 4 22 Totals 34 
13 17 81 
Los Angeles 
14 16 I t 26—*4 
New York Nets 
12 22 2o 27—81 
F o u le d out —n o n e 
T o ta l touts—Los Anoeles 19. New York 
73 Technicals von Bre d a Kolff, 
N e w Y o r k C o a c h L o u g h e r y 
A —9,184 

Celtics roar 

BOSTON (AP) - Dave 
Cowens collected 
21 points and five other Cel­ tics hit double figures as 
Boston handed Phoenix a 
124-167 National Basket­ ball Association defeat 
Sunday afternoon. 
Ricky Sobers and Paul 
Westphal each had 18 points for Phoenix. 

P H O E N IX (IO T ): T e rre d 7 7 3 
16, Adorns 1.3 3 4 29. A w trev 3 12 7, 
Sobers 8 7 2 18. Westphol 6 69 18, 
Le e 4 3 5 l l , E ric k s o n o 12 1. 
Schleuter o O O o. F e h e r 3 12 7, 
T.Von Arsdoie o o o o. Totals 44 
19 79 1o7. 
BO ST O N (124): Saun ders 6 oo 
17. Rowe I OO 2, Cowens 8 5 7 21. 
White 5 4 4 14, H avlicek J 5 6 19. 
W ick s 8 3 5 19. Stocom 7 o o 14. 
Kuberski 7 OO 4. W ilson 3 I t 7. 
Boswell 3 o o 6, Ard I 7 ? 4. Cook I 
o o 2. Totals 52 2o 25 124 
Phoenix 
JO 72 25 3o— 1o7 
Boston 
28 413o 25— 124 
F o u le d o u t - N o n e 
T o ta l fouls—Phoenix 
22. 
Boston 
27. 
A — 14.839. 

W A S H IN G T O N ( l l * i : G r o v o 
I 2 13, H aves TO 7 14 47, Unsold 6 
o-o 12, Chenier 8 2 2 18. Hender son 8 2 2 18. G r e v e v o 2 2 2, 
Cupchok 5 17 l l . W riaht I OO 7, 
W eiss o O O o. Rtordan 4 OO 8, 
Bing o (FO o Totals 57 IS 24 19 
G O L D E N S T A T E (122): B a rry 
5 66 16, W ilkes 7 4 4 18. R o y 6 75 
14. Sm ith 7 oo 14. W illiam s 7 I I 
15, Johnson 6 o I 17, D ickey 6 o o 
12. Dudley 4 5 5 13. P a rish o OO, 
P a rk e r 4 o o 8 
Totals 57 18 22 
127. 
W ashington 
29 28 22 4o— 119 
Golden Slate 
26 34 33 29— 127 
F o u le d out — G r a y 
T o ta l fouls —W a s h in g to n 27. G o ld e n 
State 75. A — 12.955, 

SO F T EN 

Available In 

Steel Safety Toe 

CONCRETE! 
• 
Cellulose Cushion 

Insole 

• 
Tempered Steel Shank 

Oil Resis­ tant Sole and Heel 

Sizes 6 15 AA EE* 

* N o t All Size s In All W id th s. 

 t i 

BED W ING 
TffS r 

DOWNTOWN: 114 E. Travis (At Soledad) 
227-7772 *4*miwin 
NORTHSIDE: 
M R le« Pedro 
(* n to ewnw 
342-471 I 
DOMMMmi 
SOUTHSIDE: 1413 S.W. Military Dr. 
922-29o1 
(WIT IO BIM** 
I 

PHILADELPHIA (AP) 
— Center Artis Gilmore scored six successive points in the final four minutes to give the Chi­ cago Bulls a 166-162 vic­ tory over the Philadel­ phia 76ers in a National 
Basketball Associat ion game Sunday. 
C H IC A G O (1o6) ‘ Jo hnson 5 68 
16, M ay 8 o o 16. G ilm ore 9 3 4 71. 
Von L lee 7 5 5 19, Holland 7 3 4 17. 
M a rin 3 o o 6. M e n g e lt 4 1 3 9 . 
Boerwtnkle I OO 7, Pondexter OOO 
o Totols 44 18 74 1o6. 
P H IL A D E L P H IA ( !9 I):E r v t n g 
I? 5 6 29. M cG innis 7 4 4 IS, Jo n es 
1 OO 7, Bibby o 4 4 4, Collins 6 3 3 
15, D aw kins 2 o7 4, F re e 2 o o 4. 
M i* 6 72 14, C o tch in g s 1 o o 7, 
Dunieavv 4 2 2 IO. Totals 41 7o-23 
1o2. 
Chicago 
Ii Ii 24 79— 1o6 

Philadelphia 
23 28 73 28-1o2 
F o u le d out — N o n e 
T o ta l fo u ls—C h icag o 24, P h ila d e lp h ia 
,78 A — 13.647 
Braves hoi 

BUFFALO, N Y. (AP) 
- The Buffalo Braves fought off a second-half comeback by the Denver 
Nuggets for a 162-95 Na­ tional Basketball Asso­ ciation victory behind 
Adrian 
Dantley’s 
33 points Sunday. 
D E N V E R (95): Thompson 17 o o 
24. Jones 5 3 4 3. Issei IO 7 8 77. 
Calvin 5 2 2 12. P ric e 1o o 7, Silas I 
I I 3, M cClain 2 o o 4, W ebster o OO 
o. W ise 4 2 7 IO, T aylo r o O O o 
Totals 4o 15 17 95 
B U F F A L O 
1o2>:Dantlev 17 9 9 
33, Shum ate 8 3 7 19, Johnson 7 2 J 
6. D iG regono 5 5 5 15, Sm ith 8 5 5 
71. G e rard 1o o 7, G taneili 3 o o 6. 
Foster o o o o. A verltt 
Totals 39 
2479 1o2 
Denver 
2o 29 31 15—95 
Buffalo 
35 21 75 21 — 1o7 
(o u t e d o u t - N o n e 
T o ta l fo u ls —D e n v e r 3o. B u ffa lo 24 
Technicals—D enver bench 
A 
8,952 

( a v * r o ll 

S T E A L S - Ca 
Money I, Xenon 7. G ale I, G e rvm I 
A SSITH — H Porter I. x P o rte r 6, F o rd J, B a rn e s 
2. Money 2. Sim pson 4. Xenon J. O lberding 
Pou lt* 
4. G ale I G ervin 6. D am pier 4 B risto w I 
B L O C K E D SH O T S— Doubles I, B a rn e s I Pou lt* 
I. G e rvin 2 
T E C H N IC A L F O U L S — K Porter I 
G O A L T E N D IN G — B arn e s I, Pouff* I 
O F F IC IA L S — Cd Rush and Je sse X e n .e y 
A T T E N D A N C E — 9 791 
N U A S t a n d i n g s 

Milwaukee 
23 47 
Pacific Division 
.329 
21 

Los Angeles 
42 24 
.838 
Golden State 
39 29 
.574 
4 
Portland 
39 29 
,574 
4 
Seattle 
34 35 
.493 
9 
*P hienix 
28 41 
.388 
184 

Seattle 91. New York K nicks SH 
Houston 126, New Orleans 164 
Milwaukee RIH, Indiana 166 
Snida>’» Games 
Holton 124. Phoenix 1o7 
Buffalo 162, Denver 95 
Los Angeles HI. New York Nets HI 
Detroit 112. San Antonia 97 t Im ago 166, Philadelphia 162 
I lev eland 115, Atlanta 113 
Gulden State 122, Washington 119 
Kansas l ily 1o3, Indiana 9H 

M o n day ’n (fa m e s 
Los Angeles at Milwaukee 

ATLANTA (AP) - El­ more Smith scored 3o points and grabbed 13 rebounds lo lead Cleve­ land to a 115-113 National 
Baskehball Associat ion victory over Atlanta Sun­ day. 

C L E V E L A N D ( t l S l B re w e r 4 
2 5 IO. C hones 8 I J 17, E Sm ith I) 
4 5 JO, Corr 7 4 4 8. W alker 8 2 7 18. 
B Sm ith 8 oo 16, Sn yder 4 o o 8. 
Lam bert o OO o. Bro k aw 3 7 4 8 
Totals 5o 15 23 1 15 
A T L A N T A (1 1 J):D r e « ll 5 8 27, 
Robinson 12 7 8 31, M er»weather 9 
4 5 TI, Charles 4 3 4 ll. Hill 7 o o 4, 
H o w es 4 3 4 l l , B ro w n 2 3 3 7, 
Surnam er o O O o Totals 44 25 32 
IU . 
Cleveland 
31 23 J I 3o— ll5 
Atlanta 
3o 26 25 3 1 - llJ 
Fouled o u t-H ill, C harles Total fouls— Cleveland 24, Atlanta 24 
A —6.66 7 

 k in * * * vs in 

INDIANAPOLIS (AP) 
— Forward Scott Well­ man scored 23 points 
Sunday to lead the Kan­ sas City Kings to a 193-98 
National Basketball As- sociation victory over j 
Indiana. 

K A N S A S C IT Y (1o3) W edrrft.i j 
9 5 5 23. R o h m itn e 6 13 13, ] 
Lacey 5 I I I), Taylor 4 OO 8, 
Boone 7 2 3 16 Washington 5 6 9 
16. B a rr 3 o-o 6. E ak ins 2 4 4 8, 
Johnson I o-o 2, Totols 42 19 25 

IN D IA N A 
91); Jones 7 o o 14, 
X night 9 7 * 75. Robtsch 6 5 5 17, 
Base 1 2 2 4 W illiam son 13 6 IO 
37, H illm an 1 oo 2. Flyn n o OO o, 
G reen 1 2 7 4. Bennett o OO o 
T otuis 38 77 27 98 
Kansas CHV 
71 16 JO 29— 1o3 

Indiana 
V I t 26 27— 91 

F o u le d o u t— n o n e 
T o ta l fo u ls - K o n s a s C ity 24, In d ia n a 
24. T e c h n ic a l— in d ia n a C o ach leonard- Robisch, K an sas City 
(o u ch 
Johnson, t ak ins 
A — 
8 648 
S a l u n lit v*k lu ll* 
.MIA 

S E A T T L E |# U Se als o o o o. 
Weather spoon 6 6 7 1o, Burleson o 
7 2 7 B'O w n IO 2 J I I W atts 6 4 o ie. Love o o o o, G reen 7 1 2 IS, 
Johnson 12 7 4 W ilkerson I 5 IO 
It I olson o o o o Nor woad 112 3 
I onus 34 2 3 IS 91 
N o W 
Y O R K 
X N I C K S 
(oo1 Mt M illion 5 o o IO, Shelton I 
J 6 11 M i A dun 4 I J 9, F racier 7 
I I 1o. Munroe 14 6 4 14 B>u tilevO 
OOO Burden o o o o M i M illen I 

GENERAL 

T iff 
"ALottaTire for the Money 

General's Popular Bias-Ply Jet Air 

 sue 6.5o-13 tubeless blackwall, plus $1,75 
Federal E xcise 
Tax per tire. for 
BRAND NEW! NOT BLENIS! 

2 For Price 
Fed. 

Ex. Tax 

6.5CM3 
7.oo-13 
C78-14 

E78-14 

$1.75 

$1.95 
$2.o1 
$2.23 

Size 
2 For Price 
Fed. 

Ex. Tax 
F78-14 
2 For $53.9o 
$2.37 
G78-14 
2 For $55.9o 
$2 53 
H78-14 
2 For $59.9o 
$273 
5 6o-15 
2 For $43.9o 
$1.77 

Size 
2 For Price 
Fed 

Ex. Tax 
F78-15 
2 For $51.9o 
$2 4o 
G78-15 
2 For $55.9o 
$2 59 
H78-15 
2 For $59 9o 
$2.79 
L78-15* 
2 For $77.9o 
$3 o9 

’Available in whitewall only. 

Rain Check: Should our supply of some sizes or lines run short during this event, we will honor any orders placed now tor future delivery at the advertised price 
Steel Belted Radials for Import Cars! 
SAVE NOW 
Available in 1o popular Matric Sizes 

The General Sprint Steel Radial 
D e s ig n e d s p e c ific a lly for Am erican c o m ­ pacts. su b -co m p acts and imports. Featuring two steel belts and a polyester cord body. 

SIZES ISSEI), 165813 
165814 ISSEIS tubeless blackwall 

SIZES 175813 175814 
165815 tubeless blackman 
SIZES. 185814, 195814 tubeless blackwall 
95 $111195$ 

Sale Ends March 26, 1977 

 plus from $1 67 to $1 89 f . I. r pet tire depending on st/e, 

 plus horn J I to 12 O'! f I T. per tire depending on sue 49 

 plus 52 31 or 12 6o 
T I T per tire depending on si it 

5 en BS* 
New Votk 

FRONT-AXLE DISC BRAKE 
RELINE 
THIS W IE K O N LY 
* 4 2 ” 

New Delco Disc Brake 
Linings installed on your car can help restore the braking power you need. You'll feel the difference! 
A ll A m e ric an C a rs 

QUALITY BOOSTER CABLE 

• 12-foot 
• 1oo% copper conductor 
• 4oo O.D. insula­ tion 
• Heavy duty clam p s 

Sooner or later, you’ll own Generals 

Pi iced as shown at Genal al Tira Stores Com petitively priced at independent dealers displaying the General Sign 

CHARGE IT 
AT GENERAL 

( 5 
MKM9UFIo F U S 

SOV th 'WM guy OS WM 

Wa also honor 
• M aster Charge 
• Am erican Express 
• BankAmencard 
• Diners Club 

• 8415 N. M cCullough 
344-9291 
Block South O f Loop 4 1 o 
And North Star M a il 
O pen dally 7 ;3o a.m . to 6 p.m. 
M on. thru Sat. 

JOSKE’S 
CAR CARI CINTER 
8o3 I. Com m erce 
2 2 7 -4 3 4 3 , 2 2 3 -1 8 6 8 
O p e n d aily 8:3o to 6 p.m. 
M on, and Thur*. ‘til 9 p.m. 

19o2 S.W . M ilitary Dr. 
924-441 I 
I (flock la st O ff IH 35 South 
O p en daily 7>3o a.rn, to 6 p.m. 
M on. thru Sat. 

SAN ANTO NIO EXPRESS— Mondoy Mqrch 14-3 977 

W INNERS OF THE STATE GOLDEN GLOVES tournament end­ ing Saturday night in Fort Worth are, from left, Flyweight Adam 
Franco, Corpus Christi; Bantamweight Albert Favella, San An­ tonio; Featherweight Dan Levario, Odessa; Lightweight Sammy 

Ayala, San Antonio; W elterweight Jerome Ponder, El Paso; 
Middleweight Norris McKinney, Dallas; Light Heavyweight Jay 
Strickland, Fort W orth; Heavyweight Parris Flowers, Houston. 
San Antonio won the team title. — AP Wirephoto 
ATyire$fone 
WE TELL IT AS IT IS 
No “Gimmicks”— No “Come*ons”—Just 
Low, Low Prices for Top Quality Tires 
THE 
MARK 
OF QUALITY 

I *I 

 polyester 
FIBERGLASS 

BLACKW ALLS $8 LESS 
PER SET O F 4 . . . 

 i r e s ; o n e deluxe champion 
DOUBLE BELTED WHITEWALLS lr 1977 LONG MILEAGE NEW CAR TIRES 

 for 

A 78-13 
Flus $1.73 
Per Tire 
F.E.T. & 
4 Tires 
Off Your 
Car 

B78-14, C78-14 
E78-14 
4 
(or 
*126 
Plus $1 88 to $2.26 per Tire 
F.E.T. & 4 Tires Off Your Car 

SIZFS F78-14, F78-15, 
678-14 & 678-15 
4 for 
*146 
Plus $2.42 to $3 o5 per Tire 
F.E.T & 4 Tires Off Your Car 

SIZES H78-14, H78-15, 
J78-14, J78-15 A 178-15 
4 for 
*166 
Plus $2.8o to $3.12 per Tire 
PET & 4 Tires Off Your Car 
4-ply polyester cord Deluxe Champion. 

Dependable, smooth riding tires at low prices 
ANY SIZE 

PRICE! 

FREE MOUNTING! 

E R 7 o - 1 4 
IN** I e s t-14) 

G R 7 o - 1 5 in** M i l . i t ) 
*55 

Your Choice 
Of 8 Sizes 
A 7 8 - 1 3 
F 7 8 .1 4 
6 7 8 -1 3 
H 7 8 -1 4 
C 7 8 -1 4 
o 7 8 - 1 5 
1 7 8 -1 5 
M 7 8 -1 5 
(A b u 5 lib Design) 

WHITEWALLS ADD *3 
F ire s to n e steel-belted 
RADIAL V-1 WHITEWALLS 

F R 7 o - 1 4 
|N*» I9 M -I4 ) 
G R 7 o 7 1 4 
(Nt* BOM-14) 
$53 

J R 7 o - 1 5 in** u s a .i i i 
$62 
•J 44 F.t.T. 

H R 7 o - 1 4 
<♦*» ai sa-tai 
$57 

L R 7 o - 1 5 inh jaoa i» 
*64 

 awaft f t r e $ r o n c 
STEEL BELTED radial 5oo 
* 3 9 « 

A r 

Firestone 
MC 78 RETREAD 
ANY S IH 

B la c k w a ll in S t o c k 

PICKUP. VAN and BV TIRES 
Firestone TRANSPORT' 

Plus 34 to 55' per Tire Fed 
Tai E ip A Recappable Tire 
Add 52 if not Recappable 
WHIT! KRAUS APO l l SO 

' F i r e s t o n e 
MAINTENANCE-FREE 
FOREVER 

 ta VOL I I SCHANG* 

I Van Don I Inland i i n a 
Ir a } 1 • " h 1 lo Keep Tau (.ar tore**, C 
FIRESTO N E 
V T J 
EXTRA LIFE J6 
o 
BATTERY 
B l l l # 
EACH 

TU BE T V P f 
6 o o 16*25.3o 
6 6 o 16 29.64 
7 o o 16 33.7o 
7 o o 16 34.86 
7 6 o 16 38.66 

TUBELESS 
6 5o 16 *43 37 
7 oo 14 
33 79 
6 7o 15 34 43 
7 oo 15 38 66 

AH price* phi* 52 32 to 53.44 F E T eichange. 
Black. 6 ply rating 
Wide Tire Flotation & Stability tor your PICKUP, VANorRV 
‘fir e s to n e 
TRANSPORT 
5oo WIDE OVAL 
*53 sin l e u s 
Plus }3 7* TTT [u h 

8 75-18 5 - . 583 
9 5o-18 5 
. 588 
All Prices plus 13 74 to 
»4 22 I I T firhanga 
Black, tubeless 
*> Ply Rating 

 open an we Also 
ACCOUNT 
HONOR: 

Price* bhown rn tbi* ad available af F*re*tone Stores 

• BankAm ericerd • M aster Charge • C aer* Glob 

• American E apres* • Carte Blanche 

Competitively priced wherever you see the Firestone stgr 

Bean by I 

MIAMI (AP) — Andy 
Bean, the latest in a long, long line of young men who have com e from obscurity to a position of dominance this season, turned back the c h a l­ lenges of a couple of ve­ te ra n s with a s c r a m ­ bling, hard-won round of par 72 and won the Doral 
Open Golf Tournament 
Sunday. 
The powerful, 6-foot-4 
Bean, playing in bright, w arm sunshine on his 
24th birthday, acquired the first title of his brief, two-year pro career w it Ii a wire-to-wire lead and a 
277 total, ll under par on the Blue Monster course at the 
Doral 
Country 
Club. 
The victory was worth 
$4o.o1(1) from the total purse of $2oo,ooo, more than doubled 
B e a n ’s previous ca ret1 r earnings and gave the one-time alligator-wrestler $65,4o8 for the year and a posi­ tion in such prestigious events as the M asters and 
Tournament of 
Champions. 
Ooral Golf Scorn 
MIAMI (AP) — Final scores ond money winnings 
Sunday in the 
$2oo,ooo Doral 
Open 
Golf 
Tour­ nament on the TOto-vard, oar 72 Blue 
Monster course at the Doral Country 
Club 
Bean 
Graham. 
Weiskopf, 
Sullivan, 
Wads ins. 
Marsh. 
Barber. 
Kral/ert. 
Rodriguez. 
I hompson. 
Ntcklaus, 
Lie+zke, 
Stockton. 
Sneed. 
Regalado. 
Haves. 
Oosterhuis. 
Mr tendon, 
Lott. 
Ziegler, 
Burns. 
Show, 
Gilbert. 
Crenshaw. 
Ge berger, 
Wynn. 
Graham. 
Barnes. 
Sabo. 
Snead. borley. 
Green, 
Hancock. 
Mot goo. 
Caadv. • 
Hiskev. 
Joyce. 
Newqu is*. 
Fernondez. 
Strange. 
Dent. 
Joe abseil. 
Stfford. 
Moody. 
Luna. 
Zander. 
Armstrong. 
A ltin . 
Miller, 
Paid. 
Blancas. 
Rogers, 
T homoson. 
Heber!. 
Garrett. 
Morley, 
HOOS, 
Aqron. 
Wan. 
McCullough, 
Colbert. 
Gentile, 
Baker. 
Hammer, 
Sitpfco. 
F loyd. 
I >cheto*rger. 
Lye, 
Eastwood, 
Sikes, 
Molino 
Johnson 
Cote 
Moi r 
Roeft 
Jock un 
Ivcms 
Erickson 
Mitchell f itzSimons 
Fergus 
Goo tbv 
McGee 
Douglass 
Haber ie 

H ockey 
( f O l f 

NATIONAL HOCKEY LEA G U E 
C AM PBELL C O N FER ENC E 
Patrick Division 

I 
ALL STOMS OPEN TILL 6 P.M. 
M AR BAC H 
M O P P IN G C IB , t*l« l« M in to 
6 7 | . S IB S 

D O W N T O W N 
MI ■ U h 
2 I B -O S S I 

O LM OS 
XII I WX NW* 
/ j i n n 
W O N O f R IA N O 
IM SXI tx 
7 3 6 -1 SXS 

SOUTHSIOf 
H I! Iw m W X 
5W NM<um, 9 2 4 -7 1 4 1 

A L A M O M fIGHTS 
♦AOA $» is BA Bsf 
• 2 4 - 7 2 4 7 

D O W N T O W N 
I t l l WM a s * . o s 1 1 

 n o * r n h o i 
•Ml Im td n 
3 4 6 9 / 6 * 

H IG H LA N D H O U 
IIH yWmX *• <w t 
S S S -SAAB 

5oU 1 H IA 5 7 
I X * * M n 
6 6 1 -4 1 6 4 

W O O D L A W N f i t ••««•".«»%<- « 
7 3 6 -1 7B2 

 w i s r n o i 

3 2 6 2 4 1 4 

(J O N V A L U * 
•M- »■»*■»« ** 
BBA SOSS 

CROSSROADS 

M c R M to T Y J A *9 3 1 J 

Z A M TRUM AN 
I IRIS TO NI tm e utm m 
6 * S B 41 I 

Z A N I TRUMAN 
FIRISTON8 
•IMM IN# Ami. i 
I BR*) A * t 
3 4 2 -9 4 7 4 

SHOP FIRESTONE 
FOR SYLVA N IA -SPEED 

Q U I L N - H O T P O I N T 

VIO.QOO 4/47-7) 77— TTT 
322.8oo 7147 7 )49 -2 /8 
SI4.2oo /.'V494948— 2/9 
W.8oo 7o71 48/2—281 
38.8oo TO-73-6672 — 281 
$5,98o 77 ny 74-66- 28? 
VS,98o 68 TI 73-7o-28? 
*5,98o 74 7o67 71—282 
*5.98o 736944/4—28? 
*5.98o68/o/o-/4-28? 
*3.92o n ro7o71-283 
33.92o Ti 734849— 283 
*3.92o TO/? 7o/1-283 
*3,92o /) 7o 71 71—283 
*3,92o 72 72 /148-283 
13.2oo 734949 73-284 
3? IKM 7o4/ 72 74-785 
37.6oo 7o7448-73—285 
37.6oo 72 7o 7o 73— 785 
32.rtf) 6947 737o-285 
37.6oo 7o TO 75-7o—285 
31.825 7149 7? 74- 786 
31.825 71-71 71 73— 786 
31.825 71 7349 73- 286 
31 825 7) 73 7349- 286 l l 19o 7371 7o71-287 
31.19o 744949 75—287 
31.19o 744 7 73 7 3 - 287 
SI 39o 77 7448 73-787 
$1 39o 73 7349 72- 787 
31.19o 7? 77 71-77— 287 
31.19o 737o 72 77 - 287 
SI .39o 7o 72 7* 7o—787 
11,o37 71 71 7? 7 4- 788 
31.o32 74 7o 77-72- 288 
31,o3? 73 7o 7 ) 77- 288 
11,o3? 71 73 77 77- 288 
*1o.17 TAT? 7? 7o-288 
*84o 737149 74- 289 
384o 7373737o-289 
384o 7 3 4 9 72 75- 289 
184o 7477 737o- 289 
368o 71 73 72 74- 79o 
$68o M /I 72 73-79o 
368o 73 7) 73 73- 29o 
168o 7471 737o- 29o 
3491 734 8 77 73- 79) 
349) 69 73 7473- 291 
*493 73 73 74 71-291 
349 ) 71 73/6/1-291 
*491 73 71 74 73- 291 
*49) 74 71 49 77- 791 
*493 7371 71 74—791 
*49 1 73 71 71 74- 791 
*49)69 73/6.73-291 
*491 71 73 77 7o- 791 
*19o 71 77 7473-29? 
VWO 7371 71 77-">92 
*39o n 72 7 3 73- 297 
*)9o 7349 7373-292 
*39o 73 7 3 7 4 72- 292 
*19o 74 69 76 73- 292 
VIVO 7? 71 7374-797 
VWO 7371 72 74 - 797 
VWO 7 3 72 7 3 77- 29? 
LUO 74 7 o 77 72- 29) 
SJH 72 71 7o*1-794 
*315 7 3 72 77 77 - 294 
*315 77497474-294 
*JI5 72 747373-294 
7371 79 72 - 295 
7*7o7376-295 
72747673-295 
74 7o 74 77— 795 
/J 7 3*o69-295 
73 71 76 76- 296 
72 747373- 796 
64 74768o-798 
73 71 73 79- 798 
7371 7377-798 
77487/ 76-798 
737o72 82-299 
73 71 - 76—Withdr ew 
74 7)76—Withdrew 
73 7o8o—Withdrew 

W 
L 
T 
P H 
GF 
GA 
Phiiodeiphio 
43 
15 
12 
98 
28o 
185 
N. Y islanders 
42 
19 
19 
94 
25) 
173 
A tlanta 
29 
3o l l 
66 
225 
232 
N. Y. 
Rangers 
25 
33 
13 
63 
241 
274 
Smythe Division 
St Louis 
29 
3? 
8 
66 
199 
228 
Chicago 
23 
38 
IO 
56 
215 
267 
Minnesota 
19 
34 
16 
54 
7o8 
266 
Vancouver 
21 
4o 
9 
51 
191 
257 
Colorado 
19 
38 
12 
SO 
196 
254 
WALES C O NFERENCE 
Norris Division 
M ontreal 
57 
8 
11 
115 
34? 
163 
P ittsburgh 
3o 
28 
13 
73 
211 
22o 
Los 
Angeles 
28 
28 
14 
71 
231 
2o8 
Washington 
19 
38 
14 
52 
188 
273 
D etroit 
16 
44 
9 
Adams Division 
41 
171 
261 

Buffoto 
43 
21 
6 
92 
26o 
191 
Boston 
4? 
21 
8 
92 
273 
211 
Toronto 
31 
28 ll 
73 
268 
243 
Cleveland 
21 
37 
IO 
52 
196 
245 

 n o r t h e r n h il l s 
T e rry Denton. Bob B radley. Jim M p r k ^ e it t. 
M ottle Lous Starnes 62. Jim Young. 
Judy T u rn e r. 64. Oole S h ip p e r. Tom M o o re , 
Claude Denton. Chonev C arroll. 64 Diane D avis. 
Charles Reager, Tom Bogan. Gessllu Irv in g . 6* 
PAN AMERICAN 
Homer G orcio ond Jesse G orza. 136. Al H n oioso ond A T. E scolero, 137. 
Individual. 
K. 
Guotardo. 66. 
SHERATON 
Results of Low B all tourney - (tie ) I 
Pout 
Behee, Buck M ille r ond Tee Thom as 47; p en 
Woodlouse. A rt Goerges ond George A llen 47. 2. 
GM Wvthe. Bob Reid and Bobby Reid 49 
L a c ro sse 

Soturdoy’s Games 
A tlanta 6, New York Rangers 3 
New York Islanders 8, Cleveland 3 
Boston 3, Philadelphia 
I 
Montreal 5, Chicago I 
Pittsburgh 3. Buffalo 2 
Toronto 6, D etroit o 
Minnesota 3, St Louis 3. tie 
Colorado 2. Vancouver 2. tie 
Sunday’s Gomes 
Washington 3, D etroit 3, tie 
Atlanta 5. New York Rangers 3 
New York Islanders 5, Minnesota 5. tie 
P hiladelphia 4, P ittsburgh o 
Los Angeles 2. Boston 2, tie 
Buffalo 6. Toronto I 
Vancouver at Colorado 
Monday's Game 
Los Angeles of M ontreal 

WORLD HOCKEY ASSOCIATION 
Eastern Division 

S A LACROSSE CLUB 
At F o rt Sam Houston 
The D allas L acrosse C lub d efe ated th e San 
Antonio Lacrosse Club, 8-6. Sunday at Dodd Field 
The leading scorers . for S A. w ere Don Rutkowskl and Dick Evans w ith tw o goals each. The local lacrosse club w ill ploy the U nive rsity of Texas at 
Dodd Field on Sunday, M arch 27 In lls next contest. 
Shooting 

CLOVER LE A F GUN CLUB 
At Pershing Firing Rang* 
Sunday’s Results: 
22 caliber * Jerry W ilder 
886-48x. Jerry Reeve 877-33x. Centerflre — Wilder 
874 33x, Tom Moore 86/-38x. .45 caliber — Hubert 
Denson 876-33x. John P a rk e r 871-4?x 
G rand 
Aggregate — W ilder 2629 ll7x , Porker 26o7 I14x. 
Top C ivilian - Ivan Hatley Top M ilita ry — Lloyd 
Leech. Top Team — USAR (Red Team ). 
Fishing 

W 
L 
T 
PH 
GF 
GA 
Quebec 
4o 
26 
2 
82 
297 
249 
Cincinnati 
J5 
3o 
3 
73 
311 
249 
Indlgnooolls 
3o 
37 
J 
67 
229 
254 
New 
England 
29 
37 
6 
64 
236 
269 
B irm ingham 
27 
4o 
3 
57 
243 
265 x Minnesota 
19 
18 
5 
43 
136 
129 
Western Division 
Houston 
47 
2o 
6 
9o 
277 
194 
Winnipeg 
37 
28 
7 
76 
298 
244 
San 
Diego 
33 
37 
3 
69 
221 
238 
Calgary 
28 
33 
5 
61 
2o6 
226 
Edmonton 
28 
38 
3 
59 
197 
255 
Phoenix 
25 
39 
3 
53 
233 
312 x franchise disbanded 
Saturday's Games indianapolis 7. B irm ingham 2 

SA BASS CLUB 
Results of the Son Antonio Boss C lub's Roo drunner Tournam ent completed Sunday. Fishing w as a llo w e d in a n y p u b lic w a te rs : 
M e o w 
Stringer: 
I, M ike Anthony. 31 pounds, 5 ounces; 
2, Bert Mongeon. 29-13; 3. Ken Seale. 21-9. Ladles 
Heavy Stringer: 
I. Helen S tafford. ll-O Fam ily 
Award: 
Zlggv and Helen Stafford. 28-2. Junior: 
James Gorngnd. 312. Big Bast: 
Tom m y Phelps and John P ringle, 39. 

C incinnati 9, C algary 2 
Edmonton I, Quebec 3. tie 
Phoenix at Son Diego 
Sunday's Games 
C incinnati 7, B irm ingham 4 
Quebec 5. New England 3 
Houston 5, Indianapolis o 
Edmonton of W innipeg 

Monday's Gomes 
No games scheduled 

B oxin g 

Tuesday 
At B e rlin . E ckh a rd Doggo. W est G e rm a n y , vs 
M a u ric e Hope. E n g la n d. 15. fo r O o g g e ’s W o rld 
Boxing Council superw elter title w ednesday 
At Boston, Irish Jim m y F a rre ll. R ockland. Moss , vs. Donnv T ro ttln s k l, B rockton, Mass . feathers. IO; 
M arvin Hooter. B rockton. Mass., vs. Regale Ford, 
Guyana. IO. middles. 
Thursday 
At Son Juan, P R . R oberto C lem ente S tadium , 
G e o rg e F o re m a n , M a rs h a ll. Tex , vs. J im m y 
Young, Philadelphia, heavies, 12; A lfre do E scolero, 
Puerto Rico. vs. Ronnie M cG orvev, B a ltim o re , IS. to r Escalera's W orld Boxing Council w elter title 
At Los A ngeles, O ly m p ic A u d ito riu m , C a rlo s 
B e c e rril, Los Angeles, vs.. V ince n te H ern a n de z, 
Oakland, IO. lightweights. 
F rid a y 
~ 
At Kansas City, Tony C hlaverini, Kansas C liv. vs , 
W illie W arren. Corpus C hristi, Tex,, m iddles, IO; 
C a rry Gulden, M uncie. Ind . vs. N ick O rtiz , Son 
Juan, P R., m iddles, IO. 
At New Y ork. Sunnyside G arden, Ju lio V aldez. 
D om inican Republic. Eddie B rocket, New Y o rk , IO. lights; W illie Classen, P uerto Rico. vs. Jo seC h irin o . 
A rgentina. IO middles. 
Sunday 
At Las Vegas, Caesars Poioce. Joe B ugner, E ng­ land. vs Ron Lyle. D enver, 12. heavies 

B a s e b a l l 

Rosewall advances 

L A K EW A Y (A P ) - 
V eteran Ken Ko*ew all a ttack ed E d d ie B ib b * with cro**-court volleys and oftensive lobs for a 
S*2, 6-2 semifinal victory 
Sunday in the $2oo,ooo 
I T o u rn am en t of C ham * pions at the World of 
Tennis. 
The 
A u stra lia n clinched at least $:U),ooo in prize money, and will play the w inner of a sim ilar eight-man tour­ n am ent. which is scheduled iii July, 
Dtbba.a Miami. FJa . re sid e n t, e n g a g e d j itdsewall in long baseline 
I rallies, but couldn't out­ last the p e rsiste n t t jy e a r - u ld . 
Ko.*cwull elided many of the ra llie s with foreh an d volley winners and utter a ser* 
» break at 2-2. Dlbb* 
Idn t recover iii the 

Southwest Dodgers J, Randolph Merchants J 
Southwest 
Randolph 
C Caldwell 
— Gillespie 
Hats b el ba 11 

 v t 

Saturday's Games 
First Round 
East R efionai 
Al R am ah. N C 
VMI 73, Duquesne 66 
North Caranna 69, Purdue *6 
At Philadelphia 
Kentucky 72, Princeton St 
N otre Dame 9o, H otstrg NJ 
Wast Regional 
At Pocatello. idaho 
UCI. A *7 Louisville *9 
Idaho st (J, Long B e g in State l l 
At Tusten. A ru 
Utah 77. SI John s. N V 68 
Nevada Los Veggs t il, San Front 
Midwest Regional 
At Omaha. N e* 
M orgue*** 66. C mc mngh 6) 
Southern Illinois t i . Arizona if 
Al Norman- Otto kansas State 87. P rovidence id 
Blake F Or ast ie- A rkansas 7 d sunday s Games 

 fir? 

At Biggmiaglaa. tad 
Katy Crass l l 
,ig C hai to ll* i i . Contr 
Al Bataa Rouge L l had*# tonnes sa# 7* 
I ennessee *4 O f 

Howling 

M ONDAY * G AXES 
Sam Houston ot East C entro!. 4 15 
Holmes at H orlqndaie. 4.15. 
M arshall at Alam o Heights. 4 is 
Edgewood at M cCollum , 4 15 
M edina Volley of Kennedy. 4 15. 
Judson at Clemens, OH. 5 p.m. 
C hurchill vs Antonian. BAC. 4 IS 
M a cA rthur vs. Joy. BAC. 7: JO. 
Holy Cross vs. South San West. B u rrow s Field. 
4:3o 
St G erard s vs South San, B urrow s F ield. 7 3o 
DeL Rio at Uvalde. 7 3o 
K e rrville Tlvv at Hondo. 7:3o 
Son Marcos at New Braunfels. 7 p m 
C arrizo Springs at Eagle Pass. 7.3o 
Southside at Somerset, 7 3o 
St Anthony at Blanco, 7 IO 
Seguin at New B raunfels Canyon. 4 15 

IN D IV ID U A L P E R FO R M A N C E * 
P itc h in g W ine: 
G a sm a n , H o ly C ro ss. 5 I ; 
H abcrstroh, Judson. JO, C overer. Jov. JO ; San chez. K ennedy. 3 o. H e rn a n d e z. E d is o n , 3 o; 
G onbov. Fox Tech. 3-o; Flores. Sam Houston. JO; 
Lo Fosse. South San West. 3 o; Sanchez, C entral 
Catholic. 3o. Manchaca. Jefferson, 3 I; Talam an fez. Roosevelt, 3 I. 
No H itters: 
M artin, M acA rthur (lo s t). Sanchez. 
Kennedy; B lair, Southwest; E spinosa-V lllanueva 
(com bined). Lanier. 
Home Runs: 
M ontem ovor, Edison, 3; Cor eft. 
Clemens. 3; M ike Hogan, Cole. 3; J 
R odriguez. 
Hgrlandote, 2, G arcia. South Son, 2. W oodruff. 
Jov. 7; Guenduiav. Lan ie r. 2; EHev. C hu rch ill, 2! 
Beckhom, M a cA rth u r, 2; P ollock. C entral Co*h otic. 2. R odriguez. M euth and C e rve rg . o il St 
G erord s. 2; K row czvk, Cole. 2 
G ra n d s ta n d 
H u r lb u r t . J a y ; L o n g o r ia . 
Southside. Lo Fosse, South San West 
TEAM R ECO RD* 
D is tric t 29-A A A A : 
Judson 6 4. M cC o llu m 6 4. 
H allandale 43-1. South San 4 4 1 , East C entral O il. 
•y 
D is tric t 3o-A A A A : 
E a g le P ass 7 2. Jay 5 4. 
Holmes 3 3 1 . Kennedy 3 5. M arshall J 5. M e m oria l 
16. Edgewood I 8 
D is tric t J1-AAAA: 
L a n ie r 6 I. J e ffe rso n 5 2 I. 
Edison 42, Fox Tech 4 2 I. Houston 4-3, B urbank I 4. 
Highlands 1 4 . Wheatley I 6 
D is tric t 3I-A A A A : 
C h u rc h ill 5 7. C lem ens 7 4. 
R oosevelt 5-3. M a c A rth u r 5-3-1. Lee 5 4. A iq m o 
Heights 24 
TO IL: Centro! Catholic 7-1-2. H oly Cross 7 1. St 
G erard's 42, Anlonion 4 5. St Anthony I I. 
Classes AAA-AA: U valde 8 I. Hondo 7 11 Boerne 
6 7, a-m m South Son W est 6 2. N B. C anyon 6 J. 
K e r-v illc 5 J. Southwest 4 3, M e din a V o lle y 4 J, 
Southside 4 5. New B raunfels 3 4, Cote J 4. Pieoson ton J 4. Fredericksburg 2 5. Gonzales 14 

H ere ore the re sults ot the firs t w ee kly t x press News Top Ten schoolboy b a s e b a ll p o ll 
W riters voting used a 1(39-8 7 6 5 4 3 2 I system tor fir vt. second, third, etc 
Team firs t place votes, record and points ore located at the rig h t at team 

•TOP TEN 
1 Central Cathode (61(7 2-11 
6o 
2 C hurchill (S?) 
4? 
3. Lanier (6 1) 
37 
4 M acA rthur ( V I D 
26 
5. Jefferson ( S J I) 
J I 
6 South San <44 I) 
21 
7. (tie) Jay <*4> 
18 
Tie) Holy Cross (7-3) 
<8 
9 McCollum (6 4 ) 
17 
1o South San West 2 (6 2 ) 
'5 o t h e r s R E C E IV IN G VOTES - Roosevelt (S 3) 
14, Clemens (7 4) IO. St G e ro rd s * 4 2) 9 

ATA TO UR N EY 
Results of the Alam o Tournam ent A ssociation 
Tourney completed Sunday of G oliad 
I. Ronnie 
Hulme, 7o7 overage. *3oo. 2 C urt E llio tt. 198. *165. 
3 
Mal Meek, 198. *13o. 4 H a rry F le tc h e r, 195. 
$1o5 
5. Ken Falconer, 197. $1oo. 6 
Jim R ivera. 
195. $95. 7. Carlos Castenada. 188, $9o. 8. M a rk 
W aldrep. 186. $85. 9 M ario Valdez. 193, $8o 
IO 
R ich a rd R oberts, 176. $75. A lte rn a te 
Steven 
M ulls, $5o 
High Game non cosher 
Pat D icke y, 
$26 

SOUTHSIDE 
H urley Sweet ended up on top of things Sunday g t the Southside Lanes’ 189 and u nd e r b o w lin g tourney finals. Follow ing Sweet In o rd e r of th e ir finishes w ere Ray G rant. BHI K eyser Sr . Alex 
P ru ne d a . Bob V illa rre a l, D a vid W h itle y , O gle 
W alker, 
L a rry 
Jones, 
B ill 
B ilika s and 
Steve iilim etz 
There were 45 paid places in the tourney w hich had 94 entries. 
Auto R acin g 

ROCKINGHAM , N C. (A P ) - UnOtflclQl results of the 12th annual C arolina 5oo W inston Cup race at 
N orth C arolina M otor Speedway, w ith d riv e r, c o r. laps completed and m oney won: 
1. R ichard P etty. STP Dodge. 497, *18,825. 
2. D arre ll W altrip. Gatorade Chev. 497, *13.97o 
3. Donnie A llison, H aw aiian Tropic Chev. 491. 
*8.42o. 
A. Buddy Baker. N orris Ford. 49). *7,77o 
5. Ned Bonnet!, D ire ct Connection Oodge, 49o. 
*7.o7o 
6. Cole Yarborough. H olly F o rm s Chev, 488. 
*8,87o 
7. Sam Sommers. MC Anderson Chev. 484. *3.27o 
8. Skip M anning, S tratagrgph Chev, 483, *5.895. 
9. James H ylton, N itro 9 Chev, 478. *4.42o 
1o. Cecil Gordon, B urger K ing Chev. 471. *3,9oo 
11. G ary M yers. M yers C hevrolet, 464, *1,97o 
17. Benny Parsons. 1st Nat l City Chev. 46o. *5.o7o 
13. Ed Negre. 1o.ooo RPM Oodge, 46o. *3.12o 
14. Buddy A rrington. H icko ry Dodge. 458, *2.93o 
15. J O. M cD uffie. M cO uftle C hevrolet. 446. *2.71o 
16. Henley G ray. Selden Asphalt Chev. 446. *2.5oo 
17. R ichard C hildress. I C. Newton Chev. 436. 
*2.29o. 
18. Jim m y Copps. Hearne Produce Chev, 434, 
*1,o7o 
19. R icky Rudd. Rudd P a ris Chev. 396. *97o 
2o. E llio tt Forbes Robinson. Cal Tex Oodge. 388. 
$9oo. 
71. E lm o Langiev-Tom Gale, Sonny K ing F o rd . 
388. SI.78o 
22. Dick Brooks. T ruxm ore Ford. 346. *1.6oo 
23. D K. u irlc h , P ig N Poke Chev, 3)2, *1,365. 
24. Dove M orels, CAM 2 M ercur6, 26o, *3.9oo 
25. E a rl Brooks, Smith Auto Chev. 232, *675. 
76. Terry Bivins, Thomas C hevrolet, 168. *1,28o 
27. Bobby Allison, 1st C ity N ot’l M a ta d or, 16o. 
*1.125. 
28. Jim m y Means, Moons C hevrolet. 151. $6oo 
29. Joe M iholic, M ihollc Chevrolet. 147, $575 
JO. B ill E llio tt, Dahlonega Ford. 137. *575 
31. Ju tor M ille r. P rice Chevrolet, 137, *545. 
32. David Pearson. P urolotor 
M e rc u ry . 
133. 
*1.o4o 
33. Tighe Scott. Scotty s Position Chev. IO7. *1,155. 
34. Lennle Pond. Pond Fan Club Chev, 52. *1,13o 
35. Frank W arren, N ative Ton Dodge. 32. *1.o25 
36. Bruce H ill. H ill Chevrolet. 21. *52o. 
Tim e of race 
5 hours. 6 m in u te s. 46 seconds 
Average speed: 97 86o m iles per hour. 
T en nis 

IDES OF MARCH TO U R N E Y 
At T Bor-M Racquet Club 
Singles Semifinals; 
O lividto F lo res, de! 
Jim 
Hutchins, 61, 6 2 Lex Coffle del John R ivas. 6-3. 
6 3 Finals: 
Coffle d e l Flores, 6 o . 64. 
Consolation Semifinals: 
John Noone del. M a rc 
D avidson. 6 4. 6 3. John Stephenson d e * H e il 
Boyle. 67. 63. 
Finals: 
Noone def. Stephenson, 
6 4, 7 5. 
Doubles Second Round: 
M ike Rose G a ry Lone. dot Greg Bales Lex Conte. 6 1 . A1 
Sem ifinals 
Rose Lane det GU Zepeda Rick B row n. 6 
Hor*** H arin g 

SUFFO LK: 
S4.2oo Feature - B irth d a y * Wish 
<S6OO). Soldiers Field. Duo Deposit 
LOUISIANA DOWNS 
S4.5oo F e a tu re - P e ri 
Countess (S39 oo). F ifty Plus. BeHy G allant 
Six furlongs In 1:13. 
SANTA ANITA: 
S15o.ooo Santo A nlto D erby " 
Smasher (SI I 6o). H abitony, M iam i Sun 
A m ile 
Ond 1/16 in I 42 3/5. 
S U N L A N D - 
F e a tu re - Z o r e ttis R e v lv o i 
(S II.6o1. Jolly Poppa. Reiected N ative. S n and one halt furlongs in 1:17 3/5 
C y rleram a 

Sunday s Results: 
125 expert - Oovid Stuns 
25o open expert — Spencer Cloaks Jr. M ini J r. ♦ 
Robert Smith 
M ini Sr 
— F rank TellO. lOOcc — 
Randy M ann 
125 novice - H a rry L a v e r 
125 interm ediate — Lover. 25o novice — Tom G u id ry 
Open interm ediate — Tom West 
P arker. 
O ver JO — D qv« 

Polo 

AM ATEUR BASEBALL 
At Clemens 
Southwest Dodgers I, Randolph Merchants S 
Southwest 
8 
8 
2 
Randolph 
5 
4 
5 
R Caldwell and A very (St b erkqm ps Vism sky and M ercer W — R Caldwell L — V ism sky. 
H ighlights 
T erry Soiozar went 2 tor 3 and 
Cougar Caldwell went 2 to r 4. d riv in g in tw o runs coch tor Southwest Reed Smith belled a three run trip le tor Randolph 

At Brackenridge Pork 
Cibolo Valley 2. Luxelio 5 
Rem mg Farm s 5. Selmo Smokies 9 
Cougars roar 

HOUSTON (AP) - Houston * Tom 
Lukish went the distance Sunday in striking out 13 Texas Tech batter* a * the Cougar* downed the Red R aider* 
9-4 in a Southwest Conference baseball game. 
Lukibh, who upped his record to 2*1, received hitting help from Ja y Beard * two-run homer in the second inning and Bobby Holla*’ three hit* in four trips to the plate. 

T«4os Tech 
OM OIE JIO — * 
6 1 
Houston 
OJI o2o o4x •* I I ) t 
Gore ta, W hiiion b)6) und te im b ru b e f. Lufcisn and Aoondroth w —L ukish . 2 I l - G a rc ia . o I h r -T e xa s 
Tech, ve sta l. 
Houston, b tq ra . 
Abondroth 
Barker wins 

DALLAS (AP) — Sue Barker, B ri­ tain’s 2o-year-old tennis sensation with a arsenal that includes a topspin fore­ hand auf an unerring backhand, des troyed America s Terry Holladay 6-1, 
7-b Sunday to cap tu re her second c o n secu tiv e w om en ’ s p ro fe ssio n a l tournament. 

Mayer w i n s 

HAMPTON. Va 
( A P ) - Fourth* seeded Sandy Mayer of M endham , 
S J . upset topMtcded Stan Smith of 
Sea Pine*, S C,, 4-$. ti 3. b i . l b, $•} for the bingies c hampionship of the Grand 
Prix of T ennis tourn am ent at the 
Hampton Coliseum 
* 

IQI—Deaths 

A R N O N E 
SM/Sgt. Phillip Arnone USAP 
Ret of 74oo Military Or. West San 
Antonio expired March ll, 1977 a* the age of 64 years. Survivors: 
Wife, 
Josephine 
Arnone, daughter'- Joyce Adorno both of 
Son Antonio. Sisters, Mrs. Mary 
Orlando, Ms. Josephine Arnone, 
Brothers, Jack and Gus Arnone oil of Kansas city, Mo. also S grandchildren. Rosary will be recited Monday Mar. 14, at 7:3o 
PM at Oak Hills Mortuary. Mass 
Wili be celebrated Tues. Mar. IS, 
1:3o p m. at St. Luke's Catholic 
Church. Interment will be in Fort 
Sam Houston National Cemetery with full military honors. In lieu of flowers donations can be made to me Phillip Arnone Memorial at St. peters and St. Josephs Catholic 
Churches, San Antonio, Texas. 
Arrangements with 
(fink 
BOSA Fredericksburg #*4.7111 

Kansas City Star and Times please copy_____________________ 

 b a t t 
Mr. Daniel S. Batt, 49, of 2o2 
University died March 12, 1977 in 
Son Antonio. Resident a* San An­ tonio ll years and member of 
Oellview Baptist Church. Sur­ vivors: Wife, Mrs. Stella Batt; son, 
M r. 
Daniel 
O. 
Batt; daughters, Mrs. Belie Bernal, 
Mrs. Teresa Borrego, M rs. 
Esther Tehranl, Miss Yvonee 
Batt, Miss Dolores Batt, and Miss 
Carolyn Batt all of San Antonio; brothers, Mr. Adolph and David 
Bott both of Brawley, California; sisters, Mrs. Estella Batt of San 
Francisco. California and Mrs. 
Rebecca Roldan of Orosi, Califor­ nia; 3 grandchildren and namer ous nieces and nephews. Services 
1o:oo p.m. Tuesday March is , 
1977 at Roy Akers Funeral Chapel with Rev. Henry Talbott officiant followed with interment in San 
Fernando No. 2. Pallbearers 
Manuel Castillo, Leonard Flores, 
Enoch Muniz, Clifford Saathoff 
Jr., John Walk and Ike West. 

515 No. Mpin 
226-72o1 

BEDFORD 
Mrs. Hattie 6. Bedford, age 93 years, of 114 Pool Drive, died 
Morch 12 , 1977 in a local hosp! tai. She was a lifelong resident of 
San 
Antonio. 
Su rvivo rs: 
Daughter, M rs. Raym ond L. 
(Lottie M.) Schwartz of San An­ tonio; granddaughter. M rs 
Steven M. (Beverley Anne) Cook of Son Antonio; nephew, Gilbert 
Wilke of New Braunfels; nuttier ous nieces and nephews. Services 
Tuesday 
1o:oo 
A.M. of 
Riebe-Sounders Chapels with The 
Rev. John C. Ball officiating. In torment in City Cemetery No. 3 
Arrangements with 
H lE K f 

K e n d o s 
Chapes 
•1H9-N St Mary *-St ut Brooklyn: 

IQ I— D e a th s 

 master 

CHASE 
Mrs C. R. (Opal) Chase, age 74, of 6o4 Tangiebriar Lane, died 
Thursday, March IO, 1977. She was a member of St. M ark's 
Episcopal Church; D. A. R .; 
Tuesday Musical Club; Universi­ ty Club; Ivy League Chapter O. E. 
S. in Wichita, Kansas and former president of Boysvllle Ladles 
Auxiliary. Survivors: Nephews, 
Phillip H. Norris, Laguna Hills, 
Cal., Eugene W. Norris, Washing­ ton. D. C. Service Monday at 4:3o in the Colonial Chapel of the 
Porter Loring Mortuary, the Rev. 
Stanley F. Hauser officiating. In­ terment in Arlington National 
Cemetery, Arlington, Va. Arran­ gements with 

Porter Loring 
J io i M cCullough 2 2 7 *221 

H T ^ O StST 

CRAWFORD 
Mrs. Mary Gertrude Crawford, age ll, of 139 Fay Avenue, San 
Antonio, Texas, passed away 
March 13, 1977, in o local hospital. 
Mrs. Crawford, a resident of San 
Antonio since 1942 and born in 
Fredericksburg, Texas, was a member of Browning United 
Methodist Church. Survivors: 
Daughter, Mrs. Geraldine Craw­ ford McClaron; son In law, Mr. 
Joe H. M cC laron; son, M r. 
George 
C. 
Craw ford, 
J r ; daughter in law, Mrs. Mary B 
Crawford; sisters, Mrs. Ophtlia 
Branham and M rs. Bardie 
Heifer; six grandchildren, Miss 
Meaky J. McClaron, Mr. Joe C. 
McClaron, M r. Aubrey Lee 
McClaron, Mrs. Candace Left, 
Mrs. M ary C. Snow and M r. 
George C. Crawford III; one great granddaughter. Miss Laura L. 
Peden. Funeral services, 1o:oo a.m., Tuesday, Southside Funeral 
Home 
Chapel, 
Interm ent, 
Roselawn Memorial Park. Direc­ tion of 

ESCOBEDO 
Mr. Esequiel Leos Escobedo of 
663 Brunswick passed away in a local hospital March 12, 1977 at the age of 79 years Survivors: 
Wife, M aria Escobedo, sons, 
Esequiel Jr., Jessie, Albert, Juan 
Escobedo; daughters, Mrs. Car­ men Cruz, Mrs. Elio Kester, Mrs. 
Lope Gheskl. All of the San An­ tonio area. Also 13 grandchildren. 
Rosary will be recited Monday 
Mar. 13 7:3o at the Brookehill 
Chapel, Mass will be celebrated 
Tues. Mar. 14 at 1o:oo a.m. at St. 
Leos Cath. Church. Interment to follow in San Fernando No. 2 
Cemetery. Arrangements with 
Hraakthill 
7y * E Military Or. 
423-7SJ3 

PEREZ 
M r. Ju an R. Perez, of 1417 
.Chihuahua Street, born in Mexico 
June 6, 1oo9, entered rest Sunday, 
March 13, 1977 at the age of o7 years. Mr. Perez was a resident of San Antonio for 77 years. 
Religious services will be con­ ducted In the Max Martinez 
Chapel Monday. March 
14, 1977 at 7:3o P.M. Funeral services will be conducted Tuesday March IS, 
1977 at 9:oo A.M. from Tomato 
Bethel, 3o24 Colima with the Rev. 
Manuel Valleio officiating. Con­ cluding services will follow In San 
Lorenzo Cemetery. Survivors: 
Wife, Mrs. Manuela L. Perez, daughters, Mrs. Rudy (Elena) P. 
Bustos, Mrs. Gilbert (Alicia) P. 
Cruz, Mrs. Joe (Julia) P. Perez, sons. Juan L. Perez Jr., Ruben 
Perez, Robert L. Perez, Raul Pe­ rez, Rodolfo L. Perez, brother, 
Cirllo 
R. 
Perez, and 
17 grandchildren. Services under the direction of 
Hfctx martinis 
2o15 W. Martin 
727-42B1 

 douttetbe 
63o1 S. Flores 
*22-6339 

CALLAHAN i MRS. ET H EL M. 
‘ CALLAHAN of 1431 
West 
Herm osa, born in Onley Tex­ as. April ll, 19oo entered rest 
Sunday March 13, 1977 at the age of 69 years 
SERVICES TUESDAY 2 P.M. 
ALAMO CHAPELS with Interment in Sunset Memor­ ial Park. Mrs. Callahan has lived in San Antonio for the past 3S years and is survived bv her hus­ band M r. W alter C a lla h a n ; brother Ben, Louie, and Willie 
Isbell of Graham. Texas. Services under the direction of a member of the LELON CUDE FAM ILY 
The Moowa 
‘25-5731 
N. Alamo at Brooklyn 
Want 
Ads 

DEVILBISS 
Mrs. Oro OeVilblss, 93, of 12o4 
Gillette St., in Pleasanton, Texas died March 13, 1977 in Jourdan­ ton, Texas. Member of Oak Island 
Methodist Church and the Oak 
Island Grange. Survivors: Sons, 
Mr. Richard DeVilbiss of Carrizo 
Springs, Texas and M r. Rip 
DeVilbiss of Pleasanton, Texas; ti grandchildren; ll greot grandchildren and numerous nieces and nephews. Services 
2:oo p.m. Tuesday March IS, 1977 at Oak Island Methodist Church with Rev. Willard Heath and Rev. 
Walter G. McLeod offtcients fol­ lowed with interment in Oak Is­ land Cem etery. P a llb e a re rs: 
Gayle, Willard, Steve, Henry, Ism and Colline DeVilbiss. 

515 No. Main 
226-72o1 

D O E R R 
Paul H Doerr, age 79, of Rf. IS, 
Box 22o-A, San Antonio, died 
March ll, 1977 in a local hospital. 
He was a member of the Helotes 
United Methodist Church and a member of American Legion Post 
No 43f Survivors: Sister, Mrs. 
Lillie Schraub, of Houston; daughter, Mrs Blanche Zoeller of 
California; 3 nieces. Services 
Mondov 1o:oo o rn. at Riebe- 
Saunaers Chapels with the Rev. 
Collin T. Furr officiating. Inter­ ment in Helotes Lutheran Ceme­ tery. Arrangements with 

GAUNTT 
Kenneth Douglas Gountt. age 25, of Wichita Falls. Texas, died Sa­ turday, March 12, 1977. He for­ merly lived at 1119 Grey Oak, San 
Antonio. Survivors: Wife, Jan 
Elizabeth Gauntt; parents, Mr. and Mrs. John D. Gauntt, Jr .; brothers. Michael GaunH, Chad 
Gauntt, all of San Antonio; sister, 
Linda Long; grandparents, Mr. and Mrs. John D. Gauntt, Sr., Son 
Antonio. Service Monday at 3 o'clock in the Georgian Chapel of the Porter Loring Mortuary, Dr. 
Buckner Fanning officiating. In­ terment in Sunset Memorial Park. 
Arrangements with 

Porter Loring 
1 io i M cCullough 227 *221 

HAM 
Mrs. Bessie M ont Ham, age 72 yeors, of 2o1 Monticello Ct., died 
March 12, 1977 in a local hospital 
She was a member of Crestholme 
Presbyterian Church. Survivors: 
Daughter and son in law, Jorene and Edwin Oyer; brother. Homer 
Quattlebaum; sisters, Mrs. Ann 
Downs, Mrs. Elsie Myover, Mrs 
Evelyn Gebhardt and Mrs. Mary 
Granev; several sisters-ln-law and numerous nieces and ne phews. Services Monday 1:3o p.m. at Rlebe-Saunders Chapels with the Rev. Murdoch H. McRae and the Rev. David T. Moore of­ ficiating. Interment in Mission 
Burial Park. Arrangements with 

H o u n d e r s 

It 19N 5* Mary s St at Brooklyn 

■ R U B I J 
S u n d e r s 

I UV N St Mary «• St at Brqo* tvr» 

CALL 

2 2 5 - 1 6 6 6 

IM— Funeral Directors 

Serving your family with care and concern. 

HOLEKAMP 
M R. 
T H EO D O R E 
H O L E K A M P of 439 
Queen Ann Court born in Comfort. Texas 
November 4, 1896, entered rest 
Sunday March 13, 1977 at the age of 8o years. 
SERVICES MONDAY 2 P.M. 
ALAMO CHAPELS with the Rev. Milton K. Dare of belating with interment in Sunset 
Memorial Park. Mr. Holekamp has lived in San Antonio for the past 5o years was a District man ager for the Pearl Brewing Co. for thirty years until his retirement 
He is survived bv his daughter 
Mrs Roger (Howeis) Erck of 
Seguin, Texas; a niece Mrs. Jack 
Foster of San Antonio; grand­ daughter Mrs. Sheri Mcthis and great granddaughter Miss Anise 
Mathis of Kerrville. Funeral ser­ vices under the direction of a member of the LELON CUOE 
FAMILYOF 
The, Memo 
Alamo ai Brooklyt 

REYNA 
Mr. Guadalupe Trevino Reyno, 
IO, of 421 Warren, died March ll. 
1977 in Son Antonio. Longtime resident of San Antonio and member St. Fro n d * de Paola 
Catholic Church. S u rvivo rs: 
Daughter, Marie Mc Que en of San 
Antonio; son, Lt. Col. Alonzo 
Reyna of R iversid e , C alif.; daughter-in-lbw. Mrs. Barbara 
Reyna, Riverside, Calif.; grand­ daughter, Mr. and Mrs. George 
(S h e ry l) Rich of Ft. W orth; grandson, Mr. and Mrs. Ronald 
(Linda Kay) Reyno of San Anton­ io; granddaughter. Miss Dorothy 
Ann Vaughn of Los Angeles, 
Calif.; several nieces and ss phews from th* Rio Grond* Val­ ley oroa. Rosary will be recited at 
8:oo p.m. Sunday March 13 at Roy 
Akees Chapel. Service will depart 
Roy Akers at 12:45 p.m. Monday 
March 14 for a 1:oo p.m. Mass at 
St. Francis de Paolo Catholic 
Church with Fath er Georg* 
Sturm, celebrant. Intorment San 
Jose Burial Pork. 

515 No. Main 
226-72o) 

SAN ANTONIO EXPRESS— Mondoy Morch 14 1977 
Stockton rolls 

H ARTFO RD , 
Conn. 
(A P ) 
— The United 
States continued its 
World Cup tennis rout of 
Austrulia Sunday as Dick 
Stockton squeaked out a 
7-5, 7-5 victory over John 
Alexander and moved 
America to within one point of sweeping the best-of-seven event. 
The two equally rrfatched right-handers had spotty net and ser­ vice trouble — each dou­ ble-faulting several times. But Stockton pre­ vailed for his second sin­ gles triumph of the event, which began 
Thursday. 
The 26-year-old Ameri- 

 can. down 4-5 in the opening set, won his ser­ vice with two key aces in the 1oth game, then broke Alexander’s serve in the next game as the 
25-year-old Australian lost points by hitting long and wide. 
The Aussies’ remain­ ing chance of averting a shutout — which neither country has ever achieved in the eight years of the tournament 
— was a doubles match pitting 
Americans 
Roscoe Tanner and Mar­ ty Riessen aguinst Mark 
Edmondson and Roy 
Emerson. 
None of the doubles 

 contestants had played in the cup competition be­ fore Sunday. 
The 
UNited 
States sealed the victory Satur­ day when the hard-play­ ing Jim m y Connors de­ feated Tony Roche, 6-4, 
7-5, to make it 4-o in favor of the Americans. It was 
Connors’ second singles victory of the event. 
Between the singles and doubles matches the 
United States was pre­ sented the silver trophy and Connecticut Gov. E l­ la Grasso gave U.S. team 
Captain Dennis Ralston the 
$7o OOO winners’ check. The losers re­ ceived $3o,ooo. 

H 

GUESS WHAT? 
A FREI GIFT 

W 
A 
L 
K 
£ 
NO OBLIGATION NECESSARY 
. . - . . . - - - CO U PO N -----I, 
A l 
FREE POUCH OF 
Im e| 
CUSTOM BLENDED 
!< k l 
_ 
TOBACCO 
A J 
RI 
NI 
U l 
? ! central d” PARK 
OI MALL 
"I 349-77o8 
¥ 
UMH OW 
COUPON PCT FAMILY PHASE 
■a am tm m t w Jmmmm memmmm em mm am me mm m i 

Now,buy Uniroyal tires and save. 

RINEHOLD 
Mr. Floyd Herbert ameboid, 83. 
3o2 E. Glenview Dr. died Morch 
It, 1977. Resident of Son Antonio 
7o years. Member et St Mark’* 
Episcopal Church. Survivors: 
Brother, Mr. Herbert O. Ameboid 
Jr., San Antonio; sisters. Mrs. 
Marvel Curry, Miami, FIO., Mr*. 
Luclie Judmaier, Marble Falls, 
Tex., Mrs. Florean Grot*, San 
Antonia, Mrs. Jessie Ma* Cabana, 
Stewart, Fla.; numerous nieces ond nephews. Graveside services ond interment IO a.m. Tuesday, 
March 15th, Ft. Sam Houston Na­ tional Cemetery, Rev. John War­ ren officiating 

515 No. Main 
226-72o1 

STAPPER 
Mr. Harold (Buddy) M. Stappor, age 71 years, of 6o7 West Alice, 
Kingsville, Texas, died March 12, 
1977 in a local hospital. He wos a 
• past member of St. John's Luth­ eran Church and Herman Sons' 
Hormonia Lodge. Su rvivo rs: 
Wife. Zella Mae W. Stopper of 
Kingsville; sons. Foul H. and 
Theodore W. Stopper, both of San 
Antonio, Harold M. Slapper, Jr., 
Rockport, Tx.; ond Michael W. 
Stopper of Rio Hondo, Texas; sis­ ter, Mrs. Lucille Lalick of San 
Antonio; brother. W illiam M. 
Stopper of San Antonio; IO grandchildren and 2 great-grand­ children. Services Tuesday 2:oo 
P.M. at Riebe-Saunders Chaoeis. 
Interment in Odd Fellows Ceme­ tery. Pa llb e a re rs w ill be co­ workers of tho King Ranch and 
Exxon Corporation. A rra n ­ gements with 

22S-S731 
N. 

EISCH 

PLAY A LITTLE 

2 2 5 - 1 6 6 6 

I§4— F u n e r a l D ir e c t * ! * 
ANGELUS FU N ERA L H O M E. 
HENRY G U E R R A _____ 
, 6o2 W Houston 
13MOO* 

 m. c KooetGuez 
FUNERAL 

Pre-Need Arrangements 

J11 Guadalupe Si. 
226-6111 

Dedicated 
Service 
Since 1896 

227 3136 
Riebe Saunders 
Chapels 

11119 IM. St M ary's 

I N G R A M 
MR. NICHOLAS M. 
IN G R A M of 88oo 
Storcrost, born in 
W agoner 
O k­ lahoma. October to, 1941 entered rest March ll, 1977 at the age of 35 years 
SERVICES TUESDAY 1:15 P M 
FORT 
SAM 
HOUSTON 
NATIONAL 
Mr. Ingrom is survived by his wife, M rs. V a le ri* Ingrom ; doughier Ceorgonna Ingram ; parents Mr. ond Mrs. Jack In­ grom sister, Mrs. M ary Solis* bery; brother. John ond Jock In­ gram. Services under the direc­ tion of a member of th* LELON 
CUDE FAM ILY OF 

225 5731The Memo 
Alamo at Brooklyn. 

EMS. 

K R U E G E R 
M R .T H E O D O R E 
K R U E G E R Of 417 
E. Grayson Stroet. born in San Antonio 
November 2, 1898 entered rest 
Morch 12, 1977 at th* ag* of 78 years. Services will be held in 
Mission South Monday et 3 p m. 
Survivors ar# 2 sisters M r. 
Elizabeth Johnson and M rs. 
Lucille Gilmore of San Antonio. 
Services under me direction of a member of THE LELO N CUDE 
FAM ILY of 

2255731The Memo 

M C C U R D Y 
George 
C. cCurdv, age 99 years, 
1359 W Kings High way, died M arch 12. 
1977 at his home. Mem ber of 
Boerne Lodge A F. A A M. Sur­ vivals: Wit*, Mrs. Norma E. 
McCurdy, sons. C. O McCurdy and N. M. McCurdy, oil of San 
Antonio, daughter, Mrs. C. A. 
(M ary) Connelly of Wellesley, 
Mass.; live grandchildren; sis­ ters, Mrs. Robert C. Nelson and 
Mrs Kurt Brinkman, both of San 
Antonio Sorvicos Tuesday 2 o9 
P M at Riebe Saunders Chapels with The Rev J. C. McCurdy of­ ficiating interment in Sunset 
Memorial Park. Arrangements with 

Alamo at Brooklyn 

UNIRoYAL 
F R O M T U E S ., M A R C H 15 
T O S A T ., M A R C H IO 
UNIRoYAL 

S A U N D E R S 

IHV N St Mary *> SI at Broo*- ivn, 

"Kingsville Record A Pleasanton 
Exgiess Please Copy"____________ 

W O O D 
MR. B IL LY R. WOOO of 81o John Adorns born in Mission, Texas 
August 18, 191$ en­ tered rest Morch 12, 1977. Funeral services ore pending Time and place will bt announced In later papers bv 

TOG SAVINGS ONI 
UNIROYAL TIRES 

225-5731The Memo 
Alam o at Brooklyn. 
Area deaths 
DAVIS, Kenneth E d ­ ward, 78. of Austin. Ser­ vices IO a.in. ednesday at the Central Christian 
Church in Austin. 

LINDIG, Mrs. Herman 
(Alice). 61. of Freder­ icksburg. Services at 1:3ft p.m. Tuesday in the 
Schaetter Funeral Horne 
Chapel, Fredericksburg. 

S mjnuok 

11 IVN SI Mu* v - 5« otBrooMyr 

Funreal Directors 

&outh*tbc 
FUNERAL HOME 
63o1 S. HORES 
922-6339 

John M. Grimes, Director 

I 

Our Best 

Truck Tire 

F IG H T M A S T E R 
Triple-Tread and 

Deep Lug 

Uniroyal 
FASTRAK 
Double 
Glass-Belted 

Uniroyal 
Steel-Belted 
Radials 

UNIROYAL 

 mm 

SIZE 
TIRE 
NAME 
PRICE 
F.E.T. 

Belted 

A78xl3 
C78xl3 
E78x14 
F78xl4 
G78x14 
H78x14 
F78xl5 
G78xl 5 
H78xl5 
J78x15 
L78x15 

FASTRAK 
BELTED 
WHITE­ 
WALL 
TIRE 

$31.77 
$32.77 
$33.77 
$36.77 
$38.77 
$4o.77 
$36.77 
$39.77 
$42.77 
$44.77 
$45.77 

$1.73 
$ 
$2.o1 
$2.26 s 
$2.42 
\ 
$2.58 
* 
$2.8o 
I 
$2.52 
I 
$2.65 
$2.88 
$3.o3 
$3.12 
I 

Radial 

FR78xl4 
GR78x14 
HR78x14 
GR78x15 
HR78xl5 

ToUGH-GUY 
(PR-5) 
WHITE-WAU 
TIRE 

$46.77 
$49.77 
$53.77 
$5o.77 
$52.77 

$2.65 
$2.85 
$3.o4 
$2.9o 
$3.11 

Pick-Up 
Truck 
Tires 

75o-16-8Ply 

95o-16.5-8Ply 
Tubeless 
75o-16-8P!y 

FLEETMASTER 
Triple-Tread 
FLEETMASTER 
Triple-Tread 
FLEETMASTER 
Deep Lug 

$49.77 

$54.77 

$53.77 

$3.59 

$4,39 

$3.95 

(s ite 
MOPTUAPi' 
INC * 

THE 
1977 
WORLD 
ALMANAC 
& BOOK 
OF FACTS 
$3.25 

H 

Prices Shown Available at Sagebiel s (Seguin). See Your Irtdpendent Dealer for his price 

Hr auk lh til 
MiMOf V 
911-113) 
(Oak fille 
6954 F re d e ric k sb u rg #9*U l t 
Brllrrrat 
M V 6 A 
W hite 
I)/ 4941 
Palm hr i ab I a 
934 41*4 

IR M 
M 
B 
Buist UU . 

I I em We* y NHS. k k i u w Nut lh 
I et 1*4. Se* Hen 8 I *5*414 

DOWNTOWN 
Heifer’* Alamo 
Tire Center 
6o1 No. Alamo 
PH. 225-3291 
NORTH SIDE 
Mezzetti 
Tire Company 
6329 San Pedro 
PH. 342-9521 

T P T T E 
Harold Keller 
Tire 
8719 Broadway 
PH. 828-5747 
TTTiriTr 
Keller 
Tire Company 
4oo Vs. floret 
PH.226-4111 

NORTHWEST 

Arts Atlas 

335o Fredericksburg Rd. 

PH. 736-4516 
SOUTHEAST 
Schneider 
Tire A Auto 
226o So. W.W. White Rd. 
PH. 333-93o1 im riuz 
Homann-Williams 
Tire 
171o Austin Hwy. at lisanohuar 
PH. 824-2413 

S M M 
International 
AeR.M. 
16o2 S.W. Military Dr. 
924-7321 

SEGUIN 

Sagebiel’s 

Court & T ra vis 

PH. 658-5351 
ALAMO HEIGHTS 

Earl Wheeler 
Tire Service 
43o2 Broadway 
PH. 826-1572 
WEST 

Gonzales 
Tire & Muffler 
2623 Culebra Road 
PH. 432-8511 
[TfiTTlTn 

Bradford’* Texaco 

6832 Bandera 

PH. 684-4539 

Page * 6-D 
SAN ANTONIO EXPRESS— Monday March 14 1977 

Close shave 

AL HRABOSKY, St. Louis Car­ dinal relief pitcher, has shaved his beard and mustache to comply with appearance code set by Card manager Vern Rapp. 
Hrabosky says, “ Now my image is destroyed. I am no longer the insane maniac out there on the mound. 
— AP Wirephoto 
Texas firmly at top 

ASSOCIATED PRESS 
Th^-University of Texas still has a perfect season going although Texas 
Christian gave the perennial Southwest 
Conference baseball cham pions a scare over the weekend. 
Texas w ill retain at least a two game lead over Texas AAM through the next week because Hie Longhorns are play­ ing only non-conference opponents. 
Texas is 19-o for the year and O II in 
SWC play. 
The Texas Aggies, are 7-2 in league play after a three-game sweep over 
Southern Methodist, meet TCI in a three-game weekend series at Fort 
Worth. 
Aggie Coach Tom Chandler earned 
Ins 4ooth and 4o1st career victories as 
A&M blanked Southern Methodist 11-o and 2-o. 
Texas bombed TCH 8-o and 84 TCI built a 4-1 lead in the second game bul the Longhorns took advantage of three unearned runs. 
Texas puts its unbeaten record on the line this weekend with a Friday d o u b le h e a d e r a g a in st 
E a ste rn 
Michigan and a Saturday t w iii bi 11 against Tulsa. 

 l«o* 
T coos 
K U 
Rice 
Texo* 
Savior 
Arkansas 
Mouton 
SMU 

Tech 

C onference All Games 
VR 
L 
Pct Vt L 
Pct 
9 o I OOO 19 o I OOO 
7 7 
77tI 17 6 .739 
1 4 
556 l l 8 .579 
4 4 
5oo 
7 1 1 
389 
4 4 
SOO IO 8 
5o5 
2 3 
4oo IO 5 
667 
2 4 
333 13 5 
777 
14 
7oo 8 6 
571 
o 9 
OOO 3 13 
7oo 
CAST WEEK 5 RESULTS 
Sunday— Texas Tech 7 6, Texas A A M 65 
M o n d ay—A rka n sas 61 1 , B a k e r C o llege O I. Ok kjhom a City 7 3, Texas AA M 5 7. 
Tuesday —Buy tor 15 8, St M a ry 's l l 5. Texs AA M 
5 17. O klahom a City 4 7, TCU 6 4 , Texas A rlington 
5 6 
Wednesday - Arkansas 6 7, Southern M issouri o 6 
Thursday—A rkansas 5 7, W illiam s Jewett I O, 
F rid ay - Texas A A M 4, SM U o, l o o s 14, K U I 
Baylor at Rice. cod rain . Texas Tech at Houston, 
Odd rain Southwest Baptist at A rkansas, pod ram 
Saturday - Texas AA M ll 7, SM U OO. te x a s 8 8 
TC U o 4, Rice 9 1. B aylor 7 18, T ex as Tech IJ S 
Houston 9 6 
THIS WEEK'S SCHEDULE 
Sunday—Creighton at A rkansas. Texas A A M at 
A lam o Tournam ent. San Antonio. B a ylo r ot R ite , 
Texas Tech at Houston 
Monday —Iowa State at A rk a n s a s *? ), T rin ity at 
R ite , Southw estern at Texas * 3 ) , A A M al A lam o 
Tournam ent, E m po ria State at TCU <71. 
Tuesday- A rkansas at Tulsa i?>, Baylor a< Mar din Simmons (} ). Houston at Sam Houston State (7 ). 
SMU at U niversity ot Dallas (J ), Wise Stevens Point cit Texas (?). AAM at A lam o Tournam ent, C entral 
M ichigan at TCU (?) 
W ednesov 
W illiam Jew ell at SM U • ? ), C e n tral 
M ichigan at Texas (71, A A M al A lam o Tournam ent, 
Ouachita Baptist at TCU (?) thursday -C entral M ichigan a l B vs 
John Brown at E d in b u rg . Rice 
State at Edinburg. 
E r iday — Ar kan sas al T ex as Tee 
SMU. Texas AA M at TCU, R u e vs. 
E d in b u rg , Rice vs 
P an A m e n e ar 
E astern M ichigan at Texas (21. 
S aturday—A i kansas at Texas Tee at SM U (7 ). A A M at TCU IT). Rice i ut Edinburg, Tulsa al Texas (2). 

Coogs face threat 

NEW VORK (AP) - After a successful road show, the Na­ tional Invitation Tournament comes home to New York Mon­ day night with some high- powered entertainment. 
\ 
And Pete Carlesim o is hoping for rave reviews from the press. 
“ We have been criticized in the past for selecting local te a m s,” says the head of the NIT selection committee. 
“ Well, the sports writers should have nothing to complain about this tim e.” 
C a rle sim o ’s re fe re n ce w as, of course, to constant newspaper c riti­ cism that the NIT has been flavored with local basketball teams in recent seasons to hype the gate. 
Game plan 
But this year, the NIT for the first lime held opening-round contests out of town in various regions arid the game plan was an unqualified success in terms of artistry and finance. 
The field for the 4oth annual tourna­ ment. therefor*', will be truly national, as the NIT’s name signifies. There arc no metropolitan area teams in this one. 
Houston meets Illinois Slate in the second half of Monday night's quar­ terfinal d o u b le h e a d er at M adison 
Square Garden. 
Alabama, which drew the biggest first-round gate with 18,754 at B ir­ mingham, opens play against Virginia 
Tech. 
Illinois State is the first school ever to win an NIT game without having played in Madison S quare G arden. 
They w ill face one of the most brilliant offensive te a m s in the country in 
Houston. 
The Cougars won 27 games this sea­ son behind Otis Birdsong, one of the hest shooters ever to come out of the 
Southwest Conference. 

Wilkins 
Illinois State, conquerer of Top IO team Nevada-Lus Vegas this year, is led by two seven-footers, including the much-heralded Jeff W ilkins. 
Villanova is led by Whitey Kigsby; 
Mike Pyatt sp a rk s M assachusetts; 
(’.reg Ballard is the one to watch on 
Oregon, and Essie Hollis is the big St. 
Bonaventure gun. 
Alabama, because if its 12th-ranked stature in the polls and glossy 24-4 re­ cord, is seen in the favorite's role. 
“ From what I ve seen, the only team that could touch Alabama in the NIT m ight bt* O reg o n .” says M em phis 
Stale Coach VVazne Yates, whose team lost to the Crimson Tide earlier in the week 
Alabama 
Reggie King is A la b a m a 's high scorer. Dan Bowe rill an the club's top re la u n d e r and li-foot-4 g u ard T R, 
Dunn has pro scouts w atching his every move. 

National Invitation Tournament 
Q uarterfinal* 
Monday * Game* 
Alabam a. 24 4, v% V irg in ia Tech, 19 9, 6 OO p.m . 
Illinois St, 22 6, v* Houston, 77 7, 8 OO p rn.. 
Tuesday * Game* 
Villanova, 19 8. vs M assachusetts 17 9. 6 OO p.m . 
St Bonaventure. 21 6. vs Oregon, 19 9. 8 OO a rn. 

 r * 2 ). Ri 
O kluhon 

B r o * i 
: dm bu 

(?>, Houstsr 
John Broma 

TSU title game turns lopsided 

KANSAS CITY (A P) - T exas 
Southern’s hot shooting and defensive finesse have brought an abrupt end to unseeded Campbell College’s NAIA basketball title hopes. 
Fifth-seeded Texas Southern tram ­ pled Campbell, the Cinderella team of the NAIA Tournament, 71-44. in the anticlimatic championship gam e Sa- 

BSC 

East tpxas 
Baptist 
Southwestern 
St 
E d w a rd s 
I exos 
I utheran 
St 
M ary s 
• 
Huston Ttllotson 

Conference AM Gam e* 
Vt L Pct Vt L Pct. 
OO OOO 9 I 9oo 
o o OOO 14 I 6J6 
OO OOO 7 6 .538 
o o OOO 5 6 455 
o o OOO 5 7 417 
o o OOO 3 5 .375 

WORM GROWERS 
NEEDED! 
WE NEED LIMITED 
NUMBERS O f GROWERS 
IN SAN ANTONIO AREA 

WI BUY BACK AU TOU* 
PRODUCTION UNO!* CONTRACT 

FOR INFORMATION CAU OR 
WRIT I 

WORM 
ENTERPRISES, INC. 
DRAA BOSN, (S II) 653 514o 
Wk Antonio Teem 71233 

 turday night. It was the most lopsided title game in the tournament’s 4o-year history. 
The Tigers bolted to a 2o-1o lead in the first IO minutes and coasted in from there. The Tigers shot 61 per cent in the first half while Alonzo Bradley and Lawrence Williams scored 28 of their team ’s first 32 points. 

“ We had hoped they would have a bad shooting night.” said Coach Danny, 
Roberts of Campbell. “ But when they hit their first IO, we were virtually out of the gam e.” 
With the Texas Southern zone chok­ ing off their inside game, the Camels connected on only 42 per cent of their field goals attempts. 

“ We’ve got good shooters,” said 
Roberts. “ But we couldn’t get the shots to go down and never could get in our game. 

Bradley topped Texas Southern with 
23 points and Williams had 16. Bradley was chosen the tourn am ent’s most valuable player.” 

LAST WEEK S RESULTS 
Tuesday 
Texas Tech I 13, Southwestern 6 8, St. 
M a ry * It 5. Savior 15 8, Paul Quinn 3 8, M utton 
Tiltotton 8 6 
W ednesday — Texas Tech 12 7. St. 
* E d w a rd '* 7 3. H ard in Sim m on* 6 IO. S outhw estrn 

Thursday 
M ankato State o, St M o ry * 4 
Friday 
M ankato State 2 3. Southwestern 3 9 
Saturday- P ro in e View 4 3. H u tton Tiilotson 5 4; 
Texas Wesley on 19. Southwestern 12 6 
M a n k a to 
State 4 St 
E d w a rd * 6, Austin C o llege o 5, E a st 
Texas Baptist 8 t i. John Brown 3 2. Texas L u th eran 
6 5 
THIS WEEK S GAMES 
S u n d a y - T e x a s 
A A M a t 
St 
M a r y s 
(2 1 . 
M o n d ay — W isconsin a t H u sto n T iilo ts o n ( 7 ); 
Southwestern at Texas (2) 
M ankato State at Texas 
Lutheran (71 
Tuesday - Kansas at St M ary *, Abilene Christian at Southwestern (7) 
Wednesday 
M an kato State at Huston Tiilotson 
( i t . East Texas B aptist at L o u isian a Tech ( 2 ij 
Kansas at Texas Lutheran (2). T h u rs d ay— M an kato 
Stale at St Edw ards <21 
Saturday 
Texas Lutheran af St M a ry », N o rth western ut East Texas Baptist <21, Southwestern at 
Huston Tiilotson (2) 
Ginn wins by I shot 

KL ALA 
LU MRUK, 
M alaysia 
(A P) 
— 
Stewart Ginn of Australia fired a two-under-par 76 to win (he Hith Malaysian 
Open Golf Championship 
Sunday witn a four day total of 12-under-par 276 
One stroke behind at 
277 was runner-up 
K a/unart Tukahashi of 

PEOffSSIONAUY INST AIRO 
AUTOMOBILE 
GLASS TINTING 

* 6* mu** -HJT. «wwfarteow 
• Rf EPS CASS COOM 

R n L U K U Y * •WOW SUN f ADI 
U 
U 
U n r \ 
A 
# SAVfS Al| CONDITIONING 

Urn Coatra! F*i. tor W rnim m t rn DO IT YOURSELF ANO SAVI 

(M O U N T C o 4 o « H IM 
A V A i U U U ! 

SQ LA R -X ' 

O f SAN ANTO NIO 
AOI HOM RO — SUIT! JIO 
3 4 9 .6 4 6 9 

Japan while Mya Aye of 
Burma arid Brian jones of Australia were tied for third with 278 
G inn, who collected 
$6.(KHI for winning this fourth leg of the Asian c irc u it. S aturd ay b e t­ tered the course record by one strok e with a nine-undcr-par 63 
He received $1,2oo for breaking the record set by Frank Philips in 1962. 
Ile also received another 
$4oo for posting tile bent score Saturday ll sit* h 
Min Nam of 
Taiwan was fifth with 28o while Martin Behen of the Lmted Slates and Si­ mon Owen of New Zea­ land were (led for sixth place 

I 
The Philippines’ Ben 
J \rda was at 2*2 

A m ericans Dan Quig- ley. MKH MAFI. Knud/ lan d G aylord B urrow s 
I tied (or nimh place with 
{ 283s Terr) OTuuieuf Uh* 
I Coded States fired a fin i abound OO and wound up 
| lied fur 14th place with a 
2*j total 

G O O D Y E A R 

' Custom Power Cushion 
PoLYGLAS 

2 for *59 
Plus $1.73F.E.T. Per Tire. 
Save $2o.7o per pair 

F78 x 14 F78 x 75 
2 for *73 
Plus $2.42 or $2.52 F EX Per Tire. 
Save $24.7o to $27.3o per pair 

H78 x 15 
2 for *84 
Plus $2.o8 F EX Per Tire. 
Save $28.3o per pair 

2 for *85 

Plus $2.26 F.E.T. Per Tire. 
Save $25.3o per pair 

G78 x 14 G78 x 15 
2 for *74 
Plus $2.58 or $2 65 F.E.T. Per Tire. 
Save $27.8o to $3o.5o per pair 

L78 x 15 
2 for *85 

Plus $3.12 F EX Per Tne. 
Save $36.6o per pair 

No T rad e N eeded 

RAIN CHECK — lf we sell out of your size we will issue you a rain check, assuring future delivery at the advertised price. 
Sale Prices on Other Sizes too. Blackwells $5.oo Less Per Pair. .Sale Ends March 19th 

SUPER BUY ON WHITEWALLS 

Come See Os For Thrifty Low Prices On Goodyear Tires 

' A l l 

B78-13 pius $1.8o F.E.T. per tire and old tires 

WHITEWALL K t m 
”• 
* AH 

Pluo F.E.T. por tiro 
•rig OW Bros 

E78.14 
4 fur S 1o8 
$2.26 

F78-14 
4 »o* S t o 4 
$?4;* 

Q78-14 
4 for SHO 
$2 58 
I GT8-15 
4 lo t $1 YO 
$2.65 

SPRING TUNE-UP TIME IS HERE! 
SERVICE o m it s AVAILABLE ONLY AT GOODYEAR SERVICE STORES 
Lube & Oil Change 
A88 

Up to 5 qts of maiof b ana tO/3o grade oil 

# Complete chassis lubrication and oil change • Helps ensure long wearing parts and smooth, quiet performance • Please phone for appointment • Includes light trucks 

Ask (or our Free Battery Power Chock 

Front-End Alignment 

$ 

 r n 

Any U S, made car — 
Batta extra if needed 
Ftcludes front wheel drive cars 

• Complete analysis and alignment correction — to increase tire mile­ age and improve steering e Pre­ cision equipment, used by experi­ enced mechanics, helps ensure a precision alignment, 

J u s t S a y C h a rg e It. 
, Goodyear Revolving Charge 
• Our Own Customer Credit Plan • Master Charge • BankAmencard 
• American Express Money Card • Carte Blanche • Diners Club 

 leo Your tedoptid o M Cooter For Mo Piteo. F*»teot Aa Shown At Ooadyoor Sorvico 88onw lo AM Cowonumttwa Sotvod By TW* Moaopopor. Somcos 

GOODYEAR SERVICE STORES Ooon M on., W od., Thor*., Tri. 8 to St3o Toot., 9 to 5*3o Sot. I to 5 
DOWNTOWN 
• TA I. St Mary * 
2 22 -1 3 7 3 

NOS TH WIST 
•s e e Frttefcg. Rd. 
733-6141 

NORTHEAST 
IIH Ay I bn Mtffcway 
8 2 4 -o 2 o 8 

NORTH STAR r n i «te« sos tm 
(Ammi hmm N, Hor Maili 

NORTH 
47o2 San P adre 
824-2371 

DOW NTOW N 
4 o 1 N . A lam o 
227-7381 

Pf RUIN PLAZA 
1 1 4 7 9 P «rrin-R aital Rd. 
636-311 1 

NEW BRAUND HS 
62 3 -2 3 2 3 
KiRRVILLB 
2 3 7 -8 4 8 4 

WtST 
IIH N ut (MUMItl 
2 2 3 -7 6 7 7 

SOUTH 
31 3 1 I .VV M ilitary 
9 2 3 -4 3 6 3 

SOOTHE AST 
I 3 4 6 Fair 
3 3 4 -3 4 6 8 

EAST 
3 o 3 o f a it Cam mar* a 
2 2 3 -7 2 6 6 

NOR TMW SSI 
1 4 9 4 Hiller#*! 
4 3 4 -3 1 o 6 

 fRSDiRICKSSURG 
9 9 7 -7 3 5 6 
SCOGIN 
37 9 -2 2 8 o 

G O O D V IA R I N O I P f NO E N T DEALERS 

8ARRiR TIPS A APPLIANCE 
BAUMAN TIPI 
ATASCOSA FINI CENTER 
Da V in a. Thaos 
33o1 Cht*ifw*art 
I l f W. Oaktown Hwy. #7 Writ 
6 6 3 -3 7 o 6 
733-3231 
Pleasanton, Texas 3 6 9 -3 4 8 4 

RANDOLPH r im C fN F flt, INC. 
I* , tnl lunk m t loait p o o ™ w* “ mmm 
Universal City, Ta. 

F