6 a . m . 
SPO R TS 
FINAL 

President rules out blanket 
Sonics down amnesty 
S pu rs 

NEW VORK TIMES SERVICE 
WASHINGTON — President 
Ford has ruled out any blanket amnesty for military deserters and draft evaders but is consi­ dering granting relief to a few limited categories of Vietnam era offenders, White House of­ ficials disclosed Friday. 
Ford said late last month that he would look into the possibility of a g e n e r a l a m n e sty for V ie tn a m war deserters and draft resisters after the was asked to do so by the widow of 
Sen. Philip A. Hart of Michigan. 
The President had called Mrs. Hart the day a fte r her husband died to offer con dolences and asked her if there was anything he could do for her. 
M rs. Hart replied that there was som eth in g — d e c la re an am n esty . 
Ford said he would look into it and 
Mrs. Hart made the P resid en t’s pro­ mise public. 
Issue 
The President reiterated later that he would exam ine the am nesty issue and said he had ordered the question studied by his administration. Many observers wondered if Ford seriously m ean t to reop en th e issu e or had m erely been extending a pro form a courtesy to a bereaved w idow . 
Ford has now let m em b ers of his staff know that he will not grant a blanket am n esty for d e s e rte rs and draft re siste rs. N either does he in­ tend to reopen his program of limited am n esty , w hich exp ired last y e a r, aides said. 
But as a “ g estu re.” as one White 
House official put it, the President is seriously considering taking action involving c le m e n cy for a few men who ran afoul of the law because of the war. 
One possibility, the aide said, was the restoration of veteran’s rights to form er servicem en who were wound­ ed in the line of duty in Vietnam but who la te r d e s e r te d or c o m m itte d som e other o ffen se that cost them their rights. 
Noted 

The aide noted that the num ber of these men was not very great. 
T h e aide did not say why F o r d thought som e gesture was necessary. 
But sin ce Ford first said he would look anew at the amnesty question, a number of observers, including a few inside the White House', speculated that he had been put in an awkward position by his affirm ative reply to 
Mrs. Hart s request and her public disclosure of it. 
Although Ford strongly opposed a blanket am nesty in the past, for him to say he had looked into the issue and decided to do nothing could give the a p p e a ra n ce that his pledge to 
M rs. 
H art had b een i n s in c e r e . 
Therefore, som e believe, he m ay feel impelled to take at least token action. 

131-124 

F o r detail Si see 
Page IE 

Carter plan: Jobs, tax cuts, rebates 

ASSO CIATED PRESS 
PLAINS, Ga. - President­ elect Carter and leading con­ gressional D em ocrats agreed 
Friday on a two-year, $3o bil­ lion program of job projects and tax cuts, including rebates of $1oo to $2oo for many tax­ payers. 
C arter’s adv isers and congression­ al leaders indicated checks could be 

 in the m ail by spring. C a rter also spoke of “ increased tem porary Social 
Security benefits.” 
B u t h is a d v i s e r s said r e t ir e d p ersons would s h a re in the r e b a te program and that those who pay no in c o m e t a x e s w ould r e c e iv e p a y ­ ments in lieu of a rebate. 
“ I think it’s a good approach to the resolution of a very seriou sly s ta g ­ nant A m erican econom y,” the P re si­ dent-elect said of the entire package. 
He m e t w ith r e p o r t e r s a f t e r a 

Belching thick smoke from its exhaust stack, a souped up tractor drags a 5o,ooo-pound sled down the course at the Texas Championship Tractor Pull Friday night at Joe Freeman Coliseum. Contests will continue at 7 p.m. Saturday and 2 p.m. Sunday. Tickets are $4 for adults and $ 1.5o for children under 12. — Staff Photo by H.M. Dean Jr. 

412 -hour m e e tin g with 12 top c o n ­ gressional D em ocrats 

They predicted the program would get prompt and favorable action. 
The President-elect said the o n e­ time rebate, totaling $7 billion to $11 billion, would be a refund on 197B ta x e s intend ed p r im a r ily to h elp lower and m o d erate-in co m e A m e r ­ icans. 
C a r t e r ’s top e c o n o m ic a d v is e r , 
Charles L. Schultze, said a fam ily of four earning $1o,ooo annually would r e c e iv e a r e b a te of $1 o o t«» $ 2 o o 
Schultze also said Carter also is con­ s id e r in g p ro p o sin g an a c r o s s - the-board rebate that would benefit upper-income taxpayers as well. 
Package 
C arter and his ad visers said the economic stim ulus package also in­ cludes: 
• $5 billion to $8 billion in federal 
•spending to create jobs and an ad­ ditional $4 billion for public works projects. Combined, these p rog ram s would create up to 8oo,ooo new jobs. 
Carter said. 
Schultze said the proposals should reduce the nation’s u n em p loy m en t rate from the current 8.1 per cent to between 6.5 and 7 per cent this year, 
“ hopefully at the b o tto m of th at ran ge." Nearly 8 million A m erican s are presently out of work 
• $4 b illio n in p e r m a n e n t ta x reductions achieved by ra isin g the m in im u m sta n d a rd d ed u ctio n for taxpayers who do not itemize. It was twit clear when the savings would Ik* realized. 
Under cu rren t tax law, the s t a n ­ dard deduction ranges from $1,7o11 to 
$2,4oo for a single person and from 
$2,1oo to $2,8oo for a m arried couple. 
The proposal would elim in ate the minim um rate and standardize the deduction at $2,4oo for a single ta x ­ payer and $2,8oo for a m arried cou­ ple. Schultze said a fam ily of four earning $1o,ooo could save HOO in taxes. 
• $2 billion in tax relief for b u si­ ness. 
C arter and his ad visers a re c o n ­ sidering either a 2 per cent increase in the investment tax credit, now at 
IO JMT cent, or an employer tax credit equal to 5 per cent of his total payroll tax, Schultze said. 
• M a k in g it p o s sib le for th r e e - quarters of all taxpayers to file on a single short form. 
Schultze, designated by ( ’a rter as chairman of his Council of Econom ic 
A dvisers, said the program would cost $12 billion to $16 billion in the current fiscal year and $13 billion to 
$16 billion in fiscal 1878. He said the incoming adm inistration will try to find offsetting spending reductions of 
$2 billion for 1678. 
He said the program would result in a budget deficit of between $7(1 

GOOD MORNING} 

In d e x 
C h u c k le 

Action E x p r e s s ...................................SB 
A r ts .................................................... 2,314 
A strology................................................SB 
B rid ge.......................................................KA 
Business, F in a n c e ............................61 
Church N e w s................................ CSC 
C o m ics........................................... SB.SE 
Crossword P u zzles........................... SE 
D eaths. 
..............................................6E 
Editorials................................................HA 
G ard en ing............................................. 6D 
M a rk e ts............................................ 7-»C 
N ew sm akers............................... 
2A 
Scen e...................... 
I-JC 
S p o rts........................ 
1-4E 
T elevision ........................ 
6A 
T h eaters.............................................. 2.3B 
M ant A d s..........................................7-1oD 
W eath er..................................................4B 

COLUMNISTS 
Jack Anderson.................................... 2A 
Dan C ook 
................................2E 
Dan S tep p er................................. . 
2E 
Ann L an ders......................................... 2C 
Dr. (>eo. wthosteson .......................SB 

A calendar goes in one year and out the other. 

Forecast 

Cloudy, cool. High, mid 6os. Low, mid 3os. Details, Page IB 

F R I D A Y S T E M P E R A T U R E S 

1 am 
2 a rn. l o r n . 
4 a m 
5 o rn. 
A a rn 
J a rn 
8 a rn. 

V a rn 
IO a m. 
H a rn. 
Noon 
1 a rn. 
2 am 
3 p m 
4 p m 

5 p m.o57 
6 p m. 
S i 
7 p m. 
53 
8 p m. 
S3 
9 p m. '52 
1o p m 
S3 
11 p m . 
SI 
M idnight SI 

111 TH YEAR 
N O . 28 
52 P A G ES 

T t L t P H O N E l : w o n t AO , I M o n . t i 
. o m s 3o p m ) 225 )666, All other dep ort merits (T o m 9 p.m.) 225 74tl; Cttv editor i f p m . t o w I 225 7411 
Sport* editor <9 p m J a rn ) 227 3721 or 227 2/o1 

DID YOC KNOW . lf you receive home delivery of the Express and Sunday 
Fxpress-News $1 more will bring you the evening News for a month. Total 
$4 35 per month Call 225-7411 for prompt delivery. 

Ford energy proposals omit gasoline decontrol 

WASHINGTON (A P ) - P resid en t 
F o rd sent C o n g re s s a b a r r a g e of energy proposals Friday but failed to in clu de in the list hts p o lit ic a lly touchy proposal to lift price controls from gasoline. 
F o rd ’s recom m endations a m o u n t­ ed to a sum m ary of hts e arlier energy proposals, ranging from decontrol of prices no newly discovered natural g a s to e a s in g fe d e r a l c le a n a ir requirements. He also said he would send Congress within the next few days recommendations on reorganiz­ ing the governm ent’s energy and na­ tural resource activities. 
F e d e r a l E n e r g y A d m in is t r a t o r 
Frank G. Zarb said it is still highly likely that Ford will act to remove price controls from gasoline He said the omission of the subject from his energy m essage does not m ean the 
President is having second thoughts about it, even though the a n n o u n ­ cement has now been delayed several times. lf F o rd lifts th e g a s o lin e p r ic e lim its, Congress has 15 (lays in which 

 it may block the plan The proposal has a lr e a d y d raw n c o n s i d e r a b le e r i c i t t s m from c o n g r e s s io n a l 
D e m o c ra ts, who say it will m ean 

 higher prices at the gasoline pump, and from som e R e p u b lic a n s who have questioned the wisdom of such a move so late in Ford’s term. 

 b illio n and $76 b illio n th is y e a r , w hich would e c lip s e th e r e c o r d deficit of $66 billion in 1876. 
Chairman Al Gilman said hts tax- w ritin g H ouse W a y s and M e a n s 
C om m ittee would begin im m ed iate aet inn on the plan. " I am fully sup­ portive,” he said. Chairm an Russell 
Long of the Senate Finan ce C om m it­ tee predicted his panel will act within six weeks. 
S ch u ltze said the r e b a te c h e e k s could be in the m ail a month after final congressional approval. 
House Speaker T hom as P . " T i p ” 
O 'N e ill and 
S e n a te 
D e m o c r a t i c 
Leader Robert Byrd both endorsed tiu* package and predicted it will be a c c e p te d by th e D e m o c r a t i c - c o n - trolled Congress. 
O’Neill praised C arter for includ­ ing Congress in the early stages of the program , saying, " I ’ve been in 
Congress for 24 years and I don’t ever recall anything of this n atu re.” 
At his new s c o n f e r e n c e . C a r t e r gave no specifics about the paym ent for Social Security recipients. 
Schultze said present plans would 

JOHN C. WHITE 
. . . deputy slot hinted 

While may get No. 2 
Ag post 

W tCIAl TO IHI t XRM 55 NEW5 
WASHINGTON 
- 
T exas 
A gricu ltu re Com. John C. 
White Friday appeared to have the inside track for the number two post in the l).S, Depart­ ment of Agriculture. 
Reports su rfacin g i i i W ashington in d ic a te P r e s i d e n t - e l e c t J i m m y 
( a rte r will n am e W hite deputy s e ­ cretary of agriculture soon. 
White served as a sta te co -ch a ir­ man for C a r t e r ’s T e x a ., c a m p a ig n and traveled widely for the presiden­ tial candidate before the election. 
F ir s t e le c te d T e x a s a g r ic u lt u r e com m issioner in 185o, White has been re-elected in every election since. 
If White is named num ber two man in the U S. D ep artm ent of A g ricu l­ ture, Gov. Dolph B riscoe will appoint a su ccesso r for the rem a in in g two years of hts term . 
White was reported out of the state 
Friday. 
Hearst reversal asked 

SAN FRANCISCO (A P) - Patricia 
H e a rses attorneys asked a federal appeals court Friday to overturn her bank robbery conviction on grounds the trial judge made errors “ which all but dictated the verdict of guilty.” 
In a brief filed WU Ii the Ut Ii I S 
Circuit Court of Appeals, defense a t­ torneys Al Johnson and F Lee Bailey asked for a reversal of Miss H earses 
M arch 1876 conviction and a ju d g ­ ment of acquittal. 
“ T h e ju d g e m ad e a s e r i e s of e v id en tiary ru lin g s which all but dictated the verdict of g u ilty ,” the brief said. “ At every critical juncture 
; he resolved doubts in favor of allow­ 

 ing the jury to receive evidence of­ fered by the government and against allowing the jury to receive evidence offered by the defense.” 
Miss H earst, 22, is free on l l 25 million bail pending the appeal of her conviction in the 1874 holdup She is living in seclusion with her family. 
The appeal claimed thai the trial ju d g e , the late U S 
D int. J u d g e 
O liv e r J . C a r t e r , p e r m itte d th e government “ to introduce massively prejudicial evidence of other crim es that occurred after the Hibernia bank robbery.” 
T h e p ro se cu tio n in tr o d u c e d evidence about ap incident in May 

1974 at a Dis Angeles sporting goods store, during which Miss Hearst ad­ mittedly fired a gun to help two fel­ low fugitives escape 
T h e a p p eal c la im e d th a t su ch evidence “ persuaded the jurors that. whatever she might have been at the tim e of the H ibernia robbery, she ce rta in ly had b e co m e a c r im i n a l thereafter. ” 
M iss H e a r s t, d a u g h te r of n e w ­ s p a p e r e x e c u tiv e 
R a n d o lp h 
A. 
Hearst, was kidnaped Feb. 4, 1974, by the Sym bionese L ib era tio n A rm y , and later announced she had joined the terrorist group . She was arrested 
Sept. iii, 1o75, in San F ra n c is co . 

$ $ Full-Color Poster 1 1 of the amazing 
SPIDER 
MAN 

H I 
ORDEAL RT SEA l l I Be More Beautiful! 1 1 1 

$ $ $ MORE I U 
JEANE 
LOSE THAT FAT 
“ “ SP 
PLUS MUCH, MUCH MORE! 

THE SATURDAY 
EXPRESS NEWS 
Nan Antonio. Texas 
S o u l Ii T e x a s* Inrg«*>Ml-«olling S a t u r d a y n e w s p a p e r 

San Antonio's only Saturday newspaper served by the 
Associated Press 

 world's largest newsgathering organization 
Jan. 8, 1977 

H 
San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Saturday January 8 1977 
Oregon governor eyes 
Turkish prisoner swap 

Oregon Gov. 
Bob Straub has offered to exchange any Turkish drug offenders convicted in Oregon for Joann McDaniel, a Coos Bay woman serving 24 years in Turkey for smuggling hashish. 
Straub suggested the deal in a private letter to the American am ­ bassador in Turkey, but lawyers for the U.S. Departments of State and 
Justice said the measures he sug­ gested may be beyond his authority and could be illegal. 
U.S. officials have been trying to get Miss McDaniel back to this country with a U.S.-Turkey treaty along the lines of the prisoner ex­ change agreement between this country and Mexico. An aide to the 
Oregon governor said Straub feels that process would take too long. 
Miss McDaniel, 31, and Kathryn 
Ann Zenz, of W isconsin, have served four years of a 24-year term, which may be cut to 16 years for good behavior. They were arrested with a companion in 1972 driving three vans containing hidden ha­ shish into Turkey from Syria. 
Dr. Cooper to step down 

Dr Theodore Cooper says he will quit as the nation’s top health of­ ficer when President Ford leaves office. 
A spokesman for the Department of Health. -Education and Welfare said Friday in W ashington that 
Cooper, an assistant secretary for health, is looking at several options for future employment. 
Cooper is a noted heart surgeon and cardiovascular researcher. 
''Dirty Harry" is no m ore 
Clint Eastwood, in Las Vegas, 
Nev., to prepare for filming “ The 
Gauntlet,’’ says lie doesn’t plan any more “ Dirty Harry” movies. 
Eastwood said Thursday that un­ less a really good script comes along, “The Enforcer" will be his final movie as Dirty Harry 
“ The G a u n tle t’’ will fea tu re 
Eastwood as an Arizona detective. 

Bukovsky enjoys quiet 

Exiled Soviet dissident Vladimir 
Bukovsky took refuge deep in the 
English countryside, in the village of Coleman’s Hatch. Friday. 
A 3oo-year-old farmhouse cottage, like a print of Olde England, will be home to the hum an rights c a m ­ paigner for the next few days. 
Released from prison by Soviet authorities in an exchange for Chi­ lean Communist leader 
Luis Cor- valan 
Dt*c. IS, Bukovsky, 34, ar­ rived in London Tuesday and after greeting other Soviet emigres and friends, retreated to the home of his 
British host, actor 
David Mark­ ham. 
Bukovsky was the first prominent dissident to tell the West about the abuses in Soviet mental hospitals. 
He plans to return to Zurich, where he was released, In about a week 
His mother and hospital-confined nephew are in Zurich. 
Am bassador takes up post 

The .new Soviet ambassador to the 
United Nations. Oleg A. Troyan­ ov sky, has presented his creden­ tials to Secretary-General 
Kurt 
Waldheim. 
The 57-year-old envoy then met with reporters and said, “ It is my hope to have good contacts with the press here at the U N.” 
The former Sov iet ambassador to 
Japan called the United Nations a good instrum ent of detente and added, “ Since the elections are over. I think we can use that word again.” 
Ile replaces 
Jacob Malik, 
7o. who was transferred to the Foreign 
Ministry in Moscow. 

A dachsund towing service is operated by Billy Smith, I 5, of Levittown, Pa., 
— whether his dog, Bonnie, wants it or not. They romp and struggle through a four-inch snowfall in the Philadelphia suburb — AP Wirephoto 

Church head takes up real estate, hanking 

WASHINGTON — The million members of the As­ semblies of God believe in the old-time religion, with stern emphasis on Biblical integrity. 
Most are solid, middle class people 

Sinatra clan awaiting word from rescuers 

PALM SPRINGS, Calif (AP) - 
Frank Sinatra called off a personal helicopter tour Friday of the rugged mountain area where searchers are looking for his 82-year-old m other, missing with three others in a private jet that was hound for Las Vegas. 
The entertainer scrapped plans to tour the mountain site in a sheriff’s 
Quakes to be studied 

LA JOLLA, Calif. (AP) - 
The Institute of Geophysics and P lanetary Physios is settin g up a w orldw ide netw ork of e a rth q u ak e - study in stru m e n ts to measure deep, deep down. 
A spokesman said Friday that plate tecto n ics—the slow motion of g rea t chunks of earth crust and underlying m an tle rocks—will be monitored for the first time 
The aim is better earth ­ quake prediction by study­ ing so-called “ deep focus" quakes as deep as 4oo miles. Normal earthquakes are confined to the earth’s crust, no deeper than 25 miles. 

EXPRESS-NEWS 
* -ttauuM iKKtv Vi*v«fcir em* id*** o*»r VHo*fc 
On* rn M* * 
Do, v«*ir » Oo, 
Ow* arn** fttaMfev 
Ah* an a Mon star otata M t 4. Ctmvtmm Do, H*m <t*m % Onf on e 
WMW, 
By The 
N«**i Corporation 
*o bo. 21/1 
I..a, /*?#J 

O' tan Antonio ! 

M A IL SUBSCRIPTION R A U S 

OTHER STATES 

COMDEN A TOM SA lf Ms* 

UG i% I*#** 
IZA to IS* 4J 
I t* 9S |J2 U 

I.#*** Wv «or 

 r r n 
R h i 

BILL MILLER BARBQUE COUPON 

Bar-B-Q Beef Poorboy & Potato Salad 

 helicopter. His son, Frank Sinatra 
Jr.. told reporters that most of the 
Sinatra family would remain at their 
Las Vegas home. 
“This waiting is brutal,” said the younger Sinatra, also an entertainer. 
"Until you get a confirm ation one way or the other, you bite your fin­ gernails down to the knuckles.” 
Missing 
Mrs. Natalie “ Dolly” Sinatra and three other persons were declared missing Thursday night after their private Lear jet disappeared from a radar screen 
The younger S in a tra said he believed the fourth person, previous­ ly unidentified, was Mrs. Anthony 
Carbone widow of a prominent phy­ sician and a friend of Mrs. Sinatra. 
Mrs. S in atra was flying to Las 
Vegas to watch her son at his Caesars 
Palace opening. Sinatra Jr. said his g ran d m o th e r “ loves to go to the shows and she loves to play the slot machines.” 
He added that “ the weather looks pretty bad up there.” Th? younger 
Sinatra arrived alone h a motorhome at the San Bernardino County sher­ iff’s aerial headquarters at Rialto 
Airport. 
He was joined by Milton Rudin, the 
Sinatra family attorney, and long­ time Sinatra friend J illy Rizzo, who flew in by sheriff’s helicopter from 
Palm Springs. 
Highest peak 
Meanwhile, two ground crews from the sheriff’s search and rescue squad were climbing Southern Calfornia’s highest peak, 11,5oo-foot Mt. San 
Gorgonio. A helicopter search was called off because the single chopper searching in the area could not climb above the 7,1oo-foot level near the wilderness peak. 
A sheriff’s pilot. Deputy Vie B rim ­ m er. said se arch e rs believed the w hite tw in-engine p lan e had slammed into the snowy peak at the 
9,ooo-foot level on the southeast slope. 
"W e had that plane clocked on radar into the hill at about 3oo knots 
(345 m iles per h o u r )," B r im m e r said. "You can form your own con­ clusions about survival." 
Brimmer said the searchers were equipped to stay on the mountains for 
72 hours and were not expected to reach the suspected location of the plane until at least Saturday. He ad­ dl'd that because of weather condi­ tions. they were not equipped with much rescue gear. 
Jet Avia, the firm that owned the plane, identified the pilot as Donald 
J Weier and the copilot as Je rald 
Foley, both of Las Vegas. 
Sinatra appeared Thursday night at Caesar’s Palace, but canceled the rem a in d e r of his one-w eek e n ­ gagement He had been told before the show that the plane was missing, a spokesman said 
There was another crash Thursday involving a J e t Avia plane. T h at plane went down near Flint, Mich., killing the two persons aboard 
A spokesman in Las Vegas where the firm is headquartered said both crashes were in foul w eather. Bob 
Bender said the five remaining Lear jets owned by the firm had been grounded pending an investigation but returned to service Friday. 
Settin slraigi, it t 

Juicy BBQ Beef poorboy on a twisted pop­ 

 pyseed bun with pickle and onion PIUS V* lb. 

 portion of potato sa la d .. .regularly $1.45 
TO GO ONLY 

SPICULES EFFECTIVE THRU WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 13, 1977 

 who, in a corrupt and changing so­ ciety, have held stubbornly to their fundamentalist faith. 
But a few’ weeks ago, a church of­ ficial sent us a signed s ta te m e n t supported by several prominent lay­ men. It urged us to investigate the financial dealings of their shepherd, the c h a rism a tic T hom as Z im m e r­ man. 
He not only is general superin­ tendent of the Assemblies of God but head of the 
5o-million- rnember World Pentecostal Confer­ ence. 
We can now report that the suspi­ cions of his dissident followers have some basis. 
The Reverend Zimmerman, a dyn­ amic man of 64, has kept hundreds of thousands of dollars of church funds in a hank that he heads. 
Land deal 
At the sam e tim e, he has joined other church leaders in purchasing 
IOO acres of land across from a pro­ posed shopping ce n ter, which his bank helped to finance. 
Three church leaders are acquiring the IOO acres for about $155,ooo. When the center is com pleted, their land may be worth up to $8oo,ooo. 
Zimmerman told us at first that he had no in te re s t in the s h o p p in g center. Yet the contract to buy the IOO acres across from the mall is signed by Zimm erman and two of his church associates, Donald Shelton and Mil­ ton McCorcle. 
The suave Shelton, who heads the c h u rc h ’s stew ardship dep artm en t, has also p u rc h a se d m o re 
■ than 
$6oo,ooo w orth of ac re ag e for the shopping center on behalf of the de­ velopers. 
The land re c o rd s show that these purchases were financed by Z im m erm an ’s 
— hank, the E m pire Bank of S pring­ field. Mo. 
Both the shopping m all and the church headquarters are also located in Springfield. 

Stockholder 

Z im m e rm a n has held a sto c k ­ holder’s interest in the bank as high as $16o,ooo. 
He now ow ns $1oo,ooo w orth of 
Empire stock, according to the latest available records. He is chairman of the board and draws $15o every time he attends a board meeting. 
Four other top church officials are listed as m ajor stockholders in the bank, with holdings that range from 
$8o,ooo to $16o,ooo. 
For example, the president of the church-owned Evangel College. Ro­ bert Spence, is a stockholder. Shelton also owns $8o,ooo w orth of stock, although he was not a shareholder at the time of his land acquisition. 
The financial conflicts, we found, disturbed Andrew Melli, the respect­ ed vice president of 
Carnation 
International, who is also a financial committeeman for the Assemblies of 
God., 
He questioned the heavy church deposits in Zim m erm an’s bank. 

Moved funds 
The reverend quickly moved some of the funds to other hanks. But we have learned that $14o,ooo in church trust funds were still deposited in the 
Empire Bank as of Dec. 3o 
Both Z im m e rm a n and Shelton spoke with us at length They stoutly defended th e m se lv e s and one a n ­ other. 
They insisted that not one penny of the church’s money had gone into the land deals and that audits had shown no mismanagement of their steward­ ship of the church’s millions. 
Shelton said he had arranged for the developers of the shopping center 

Jack 
Anderson 

 to buy the land because they had prom ised a gift to the church and because it gave him an inside track on his own land deal. 
Z im m erm an sw ore th a t he had nothing to do with the loans that fin­ anced the purchases. 
Promissory notes 
Yet land records reveal two pro­ m isso ry notes, to ta lin g $688,54o, which were executed on Dec. 13, 1973, by the developers to the bank. 
The notes are attached to docu­ ments showing that Shelton was in­ strum ental in assem bling the land for the proposed shopping center. 
All the deals were consummated at a time that Shelton's boss, the Rev. 
Z im m erm an, was the active ch a ir­ man of the hank. 
Sources familiar with the develop­ m ent co m p lain ed to us th a t th e church leaders misled them. 
Real estate sources in Springfield, 

Four other top church officials are listed as m ajor stockholders in the bank, with holdings that range from S WJXX) to SI 6 o JHX) 

 for example, said that Shelton gave them the impression he was arrang­ ing the land purchases on behalf of the church. 
The former chief executive of the 
Empire Bank. Estyl Sparkman, now of F o rt Sm ith. Ark., also told us 
Zimmerman had falsely assured him that he had no interest whatsoever in the shopping center development. 
No recollection 
Zimm erman told us he has no re­ collection of the conversation. "My life is in the hands of the Lord,” he said. 
Since its initial financing of the shopping center project. 
Em pire 
Bank has been inactive in the deal. 
Meanwhile, we have learned that the In te rn a l R evenue S erv ice is quietly looking into the finances of 
Zimm erman and Shelton, who cate­ gorically deny any wrongdoing. 
Washington whirl 
• Stanley N ehm er. formerly the 
Ford adm inistration’s top expert on shoe tariffs, is now wearing the shoe on the other foot. 
He has turned up as lobbyist for the shoe industry he recently helped to regulate. 
• The Freedom of Information Act was intended to let more sunshine into the dark recesses of the govern­ ment. But Rep. B. F. Sisk. D-Calif., used it in an attempt to find out who is opposing his pet irrigation project. 
Under the act. he dem anded the correspondence of m em bers of Con­ gress on the controversial $2 billion 
Westlands Irrigation Project. 
• It has leaked out belatedly that the Arm y subsidized expenses for military men and their dependents to attend a religious festival in Seoul. 
Korea, back in 1974. 
An A rm y sp o k e sm an ac k n o w ­ ledged that $2.(MIO was allocated to pay the expenses of military people at the festival, in violation of Defense 
Department regulations. 
CARTER 

' F r e s h , 9 ” 
$ I I 59 
J I 

 i v 
LEMON PIE| regularly $4 7 9 ................. 
I I ta ga only 
J 

A fire that claimed the lives of three children Wednesday was mis­ takenly reported in the Express as occurring at the Habitat Apartments 
The fire, however, was at the West 
Avenue Apartments. 
The two adjacent apartm ent com­ plexes are located in the 38oo block of West Avenue. 
The victim s were T rinidad, 7; 
John Anthony, 4, and Olga Ann, 3, children of Mrs. Betty Ann Centeno, a resid en t of tne West Avenue 
Apartm ent. 

Continued from Page IA have the tax rebates go to retired workers receiving Social Security benefits, who normally might owe no tax, as well as income-earning tax­ p ay e r 
Turning to public works, Schultze said ( arter will ask for $2 billion in addition to the $2 billion alre ad y authorized by C ongress. He said 
Carter probably will ask for standby authority for yet another $2 billion to be used as economic circum stances dictate. 
Under the program , job training and placement would be expanded, principally for young people and other "hard-core” unemployed Tile program would give spec ial attention lo groups such as migrants, minori­ ties and Vietnam veterans. 
Carter also said the proposal would approximately double the money for counter-cyclical federal rev en u e sharing. The government now spends about $35o million each quarter. 
Counter-cyclical programs are de­ signed to flatten cycles of low and high unemployment. They provide federal money to create jobs when unemployment hits high levels for sustained periods of time. 
In Washington, White House spo­ kesmen declined com m ent on the proposals. House Republican Leader 
John J, Rhodes of A rizona said through an aide he could not com ­ ment until he studied the proposals in detail 
Rep Barber B. Conable, R N Y., senior Republican m em b er of the 
Ways and Means Committee, called them “a much bigger package than I anticipated." He said he is “ discour­ aged by the dimension of the thing.” 
"It sounds lo me as if Carter is 

 yielding to congressional pressure very early.” Conable said, 
Carter said Lawrence Woodworth will he named assistant secretary of the Treasury and will be in charge of his tax program . Woodworth c u r ­ rently is an aide to the Joint Com­ mittee on Internal Revenue Taxation. 
As consideration of the program began som e weeks ago. A tla n ta hanker Bert Lance, tapped by Carter to head the Office of M anagem ent and Budget, said he would reco m ­ mend a tax cut in the range of HU billion to $15 billion. 
Emphasis 
He said he wants the heaviest em ­ phasis placed on creating jobs and said a $5 billion to $6 billion jobs program would he too low 
* I 
Twelve congressional Democrats, six from the Senate and six from the 
House, attended the meeting. 
They are Byrd and A ss is ta n t 
Democratic Leader Alan Cranston and Sens. Daniel Inouye of Hawaii, secretary of the Democatic confer­ ence; John L. McClellan of Arkansas, chairman of the Senate A ppropria­ tions Committee; Edmund Muskie of 
Maine, chairman of the Senate Bud­ get Committee; and Russell Long of 
Lousiana, chairman of the Senate 
Finance Committee 
Also, House S p eak er O ’N eill, 
Democratic Leader Jim Wright, and 
Reps Thomas Foley of Washington, chairman of the Democratic caucus; 
John Brademas of Indiana, a House whip; Dan Kostenknwski of Illinois, another whip; George Mahon of Tex­ as, chairm an of the House A ppro­ priations Committee; and Al Ullman of W ashington, c h a irm a n of the 
House Ways and Means Committee. 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Saturday January 8 I 977 

District Court and 
County 
Court-at-Law 
Judges 

The figures shown on this chort ore the percentage of 
“ y e s " for vo tes each judge re c e iv e d . Each percentage is based on the number of votes cast on each question. 

JAMES C. ONION 
73rd 
District Court 

............ 

FRED 
SHANNON 
JR. 
I 31 st District Court 

H. F. "Hippo" GARCIA 
144th 
District Court 

JAMES MCKAY 
Jr. 
I 5oth 
District C ou rt 

PRESTON 
DIAL 
17 5th 
District Court 

JAMES E. BARLOW 
186th 
District J u d g e 

RICHARD 
WOODS 
37th 
District C ou rt 

ROBERT MURRAY 
45th 
District Cou rt 

JOHN 
G. BENAVIDEZ 
I 87th 
District Court 

PETER MICHAEL CURRY 
166th 
District Court 

FRANKLIN 
SPEARS 
57 th 
District Court 

CAROLYN 
SPEARS 
County 
C o u rt-at-La w 
No. I 

JOHN 
W. BELL 
County 
C o u rt-at-L a w 
No. 2 

RAYMOND 
WIETZEL 
County 
C ou rt-at-La w 
No. 3 

CAROL R. HABERMAN 
County 
C ou rt-at-La w 
No. 4 

ROSE SPECTOR 
County 
C o u rt-at-La w 
No. 5 

T. ARMOUR 
BALL 
County 
C ou rt-at-La w 
No. 6 

I. Punctual...................................................... 
73.o 
95.8 
81.9 
87.2 
69.2 
91.3 
9o.9 
93.2 
74.4 
8o.4 
93.3 
8o.1 
79.4 
85.4 
77.o 
86.1 

2. Allows sufficient time for case. . 
9o.4 
86.5 
94.3 
82.4 
8o.1 
9o.3 
86.6 
81.4- 
7o.6 
I 
88.1 
95.4 
71.5 
91.2 
91.1 
73.5 
95.o 

3. Attentive to trial.......................................... 
8o.5 
93.4 
92.3 
82.7 
82.2 
88.8 
84.1 
7o.1 
67.2 
LU 
—J 
CO 
91.3 
94.5 
72.4 
87.2 
92.2 
72.3 
92.9 

4. Applies rules of procedure........................... 
79.o 
89.4 
9o.1 
67.2 
74.3 
83.6 
8o.5 
76,5 
43.7 
’ 
<_i 
8o.8 
8o.1 
46.8 
79.5 
7o.4 
57.9 
9o.2 

5. Considers authority submitted by counsel . . . . 
75.2 
91.6 
88.2- 
73.5 
75.7 
81.5 
78.6 
63.4 
5o.5 
•w. 
> 
_ < 
82.5 
86.7 
57.1 
81.6 
81.4 
65.9 
91.4 

6. Prompt rulings and decisions......................... 
88.9 
93.9 
83.5 
82.o 
89.3 
93.8 
92.5 
96.7 
7o.1 
LO h— 
92.9 
91.1 
77.8 
89.4 
79.3 
71.o 
89.1 

7. Proper judicial temperment........................... 
85.2 
94.2 
93.o 
68.4 
74.1 
85.7 
78.3 
75.3 
45.5 
ID 
LO 
86.8 
89.o 
42.3 
79.8 
83.8 
63.5 
92.1 

8. Fair to all litigants and lawyers..................... 
76.6 
92.9 
88.4 
68.4 
.69.4 
85.9 
75.7 
82.7 
48.5 
OC 

 n 
76.3 
88.6 
47.5 
83.5 
89.6 
61.9 
91.8 

9. Courteous to counsel and litigants................. 
92.6 
94.6 
96.o 
78.o 
78.7 
91.o 
78.1 
87.1 
69.8 

 wz 
88.5 
93.6 
49.3 
89.7 
94.o 
73.7 
95.9 

I o. Age affect discharge of duties..................... 
97.2 
96.8 
98.o 
83.8 
93.4 
96.4 
96.8 
97.9 
86.1 
■ I 
9 7.7 
95.2 
9o.2 
95.3 
96.1 
88.1 
96.7 

I I. General approval of conduct of court........ 
84.4 
93.8 
9o.5 
66.7 
74.5 
9o.o 
81.7 
82.4 
46.6 
84.3 
87.6 
46.9 
83.6 
8o.9 
6o.2 
91.3 
Judges disagree on worth of poll 

Justices of the 
Fourth Court of 
I ivil Appeals 

The figutes shown on this chart are the percentage of “ y e s " votes each judge received. Each percentage is based on the number of votes cast on each question. 

1. Attentive to arguments 

2. Applies rules of procedure 

By BEN KING Jr. 
Local judges are strongly disagreeing about the worth of a poll taken by the San Antonio 
Bar Assn. that rates their ju­ dicial abilities. 
And while every other judge in the 
Bexar County Courthouse has given a copy of his or her ratings to the Ex- press-News. lHBth Bist. Judge Peter 
Michael Curry said he's thrown his in the trash. 
Judge Curry said he threw his rat­ ing sheet in the trash because he feels the survey is absolutely horrible and a waste of money. 

Withhold data 

Currently the bar association has decided against making the results public until it votes on the question inter this month. 
However, according to several judges, the real issue is whether the poll was worth the $2,5oo the liar as­ sociation spent on it. 
Others question whether tin1 poll was a true reflection of their colleagues abilities, while some said it will be an invaluable aid in im ­ proving their competence. 
About 53o members of the San An­ tonio Bar Assn responded to the poll, which evaluated the judges in ll dif­ ferent areas. 
Fourth Court of C iv il Appeals judges, district judges and county court-at-law judges were included in the poll. 
Also rated 
San Antonio's three federal judges wbre also rated in the poll. However, they were unavailable this week. 
All ll questions int he survey calk'd for yes or no answers from the re­ sponding attorneys. 

Included were such queries as, 
“ Does he act fairly toward all liti­ gants and lawyers?” 
Most judges agreed the question asking whether they were fair to all litigants involved iii a suit was the most important. 

Bist. Judge James C. Onion said the poll does help the judges because it shows areas they should pay more cure to in the future. 

Ile added, however, “ Someone might use the polls in the next clee* 

One judge con ten tis S..i. 
Hor Assn poll absolutely horrible anti a waste o f money 

Hon to w hack someone over the head with it to win.” 
Bist. Judge ll. F. “ Hippo" Garcia theorized the public will probably be 
'most favorable to the judges who scored lowest on the polls. 
“ lf the law yers don’t like the judges, then the public will probably like the judge just that much more." 
Garcia said. 
Several judges opposed the evalua­ tions, com plaining the questions were too general or the poll was nothing more than a personality con­ test . 
Bist. Judge Franklin Spears said, 
“ I don’t think it s proper for lawyers to be rating judges or judges rating lawyers. All that does is promote bad feelings." 
Judge Curry said, “ What lawyers think of judges is not as important as what people think of judges." 

The presiding district judj^e said he 

 did not look at tin' results of his rat­ ings. “ Regardless of how I scored. I feel the same. I may have been the most popular for all I know.” 
County Court-at-Law Judge Caro­ lyn Spears said she believes she will benefit from the poll but questioned whether it was worth the $2,5oo the bar association spent completing it. 
Several district judges said the next logical step will be to have the judges turn tin' tables and rate the lawyers who practice in their courts. 

3. Applies substantive of law 

4. Considers briefs submitted 

5. Good quality written opinions 

6. Proper judicial temperament 

7. Impartial decisions 

8 Courteous to counsel 

9. Age affect discharge of duties 

1o. General approval of conduct of court 
Lake clean-up extended 

By DICK M E R K E L 

 c h ih , ix P M SS Ca pit o l b u r ia u 
AUSTIN — San Antonio got a new lease on life Friday when its deadline for compliance with the Mitchell Lake permit was extended to .July 1. 

The city, faced w ith a possible state lawsuit for non-complianee, also saw the permit amended to include new and clearer conditions it must meet iii the Mitchell Lake project. 
Both the new deadline and amend­ ment were approved unanimously by the Texas Waler Quality Board at its regular session here. 

 rile approval cam e without opposition alter the board heard statements from its own staff and a representative of the city. 
Opposition 

SPEED! 

Doug Hicks, who covers eastern Oklahoma for the Tulsa World as a writer and photographer, said he waited for a year to get this picture of what it can be like in Slick, Okla., on a winter day. The sign rl/ 
A Aik 
. I , -- 
A FT \ A i ! 
_ 
. JL _ marks the city limits. — AP Wirephoto 
Bird, Madia hit TW QB action 

U P R is s n i w s c a p it o l b u m a u 

AUSTIN — The Texas Water Qua­ lity Board’s action to amend the City of San Antonio’s permit for Mitchell 
Lake drew an immediate blast from two state representatives here F ri­ day. 

Reps. Roil Bird and Frank Madia, both of San Antonio, expressed dis­ may at the TW Q B’s action. 
“ We cannot believe the TW Q B would agree to extend the city’s compliance deadline for cleaning up the jake when San Antonio still has 

Group wauls tag on bills 

Texas,' urban counties want the state legislature to start putting price tags on tile bills it passes, so counties will know what effect they will have on their taxes. 

W elcom e for iAx 

Mrs. Lyndon Johnson, scores of 
Texas politicos and just plain friends will gather Saturday to mark the return of Ll I Carpenter to 
Texas. 

A “ Welcome Home Li/. Fiesta” in the Institute ut Texan Cultures will kick off at B p m. with a Mexican dinner. 

Emceeing the festivities will be 
Texas humorist from Madisonville, 
John Henry Faulk, with Mary Den­ man. talk show hostess, sharing the honors. 

Tickets tor the “ Fiesta" are $5 and reservations may he made until noon Saturday by calling Mrs. Aus­ tin Kainsev, 733 7823. or Mrs. Nelle 
Fake, 732-2738. 

Tin* Conference of Texas Urban 
Counties voted Friday to give top priority to balking a proposed lull which would make the estimated cost of implementing any bill a manda­ tory part of the legislation. 

The conference, consisting of representatives from the state's six most populated counties, met here to assign priorities backing various hills which have recently been pro­ posed. 

Bexar County Judge Blair Reeves said. “ When the legislature passes certain bills, we want them to be sure they know they’re increasing our costs. 

 not met the requirements of existing laws and permits," the two said. 
“ If the TW Q B isn’t going to enforce its water quality standards, the le­ gislature may again bi? compelled to step in and mandate im m ediate compliance.” 
M adia said lie instructed the 
Legislative Council Friday to draft legislation giving Ihe city three months to meet existing standards and prohibiting the T W Q B from granting any further extensions of tile deadline. 
“ At Friday s meeting, the legisla­ ture was accused of supplying a political solution to a technical prob­ lem when it passed bills requiring the elean-up of Mitchell Luke. 
“ What was not explained, however, was the legislature was forced to 

 liecome involved by the inaction of those responsible," the legislators charged. 
"It is appalling to us the staff of the 
TW QB and the assistant director of 
San Antonio’s Public Works Depart­ ment admitted to tile board the city has never complied with all the pro­ visions of its permit. 
"P u b lic works’ Mid Sueltenfuss also admitted there could be future instances of pollution at Mitchell 
Lake and still the amendments were approved." they said. 
Botli Bird and Madia's districts are on the city’s 
South 
Side where 
Mitchell Luke is located. 
They have been leaders in the fight to force Sun Antonio to comply with the terms of the original TW Q B per­ mit. 
Lo-Vaca gas sale is denied 

O p p o s i t i o n bad been voiced earlier by State Rep. Hon Bird of San An­ tonio, in a letter to TW Q B chairman 
J. Douglas Toole. 
B ird ’s letter asked the board to deny the amendments to the city’s permit and instead make San Antonio live up to the original conditions or face going to court. 
At Frid a y’s session, TW Q B staff members conceded while the city was in violation with some provisions of the permit it was making a good faith effort to comply. 
Wording vague 

The statement came from TW Q B staff member Paul Seals who also said some of the perm it’s wording was so vague as to make the staff unsure just what violations the city was guilty of 
Seals told tin' board adoption of the amendments would clarify this prob­ lem. 
Hugh U Yantis Jr., TW QB execu­ tive director, said “ I think the amendment will make it absolutely clear what Sun Antonio is lo do and by when. 
Historic nuisance 

" I don’t think Sun Antonio has done everything right, but on the whole the com pliance has been reasonably slow," he said. 
“ I don’t think the slowness of con­ struction is the basis for a lawsuit Ivy this board,” he added 
Seals called Mitchell Lake a "h is­ toric nuisance dating back to its 
•creation in 19o1." 
He said tile permit and stale laws calling for the lake’s rehabilitation were vague as to just what the dead­ line was for cleaning up the lake. 
Overdue 
"However, I think both the city and the state pretty well agreed it was 
June, 1975.” 
.Seals said the city was ordered to clear up the odor nuisance, clear the lake of odor causing sludge, divide the lake into two parts for better control, aud reduce discharge of ef­ fluents from the lake into tile Medina and Sun Antonio Rivers. 
"A s best we can determine, Hie 
/odor problem has been cleared up." 
,Seals said. 
Also, he said, Hie old sludge bas been dredged from the lake, but new sludge was a continuing problem r 

 lie also said San Antonio was i i i violation of the regulation on effluent discharges into the rivers. 
Ile said a lift station required i i i the permit had not been constructed, but 
Hic lake bud been div pled and control of Hie wafer was good 
Fo r his part. Chairm an Toole called the M itchell Lake problem mind boggling. 
“ It seems we’re asking them (San 
Antonio) to do something that can’t 
|be done," lie said 
“ W e’re asking them to convert the lake into a recreation area and at the same tune maintain it as an oxidation pond 
“ Maytie we should lot them drill a well down into the Edwards Aquifer and get water for the lake and send 
Hie effluents somewhere else ” 
Mel Sueltenfuss, assistant director of Public Works for San Antonio, a<l- 

 a 

S e a l s 

I.alo 

 tb it in g 

 tint! ill 

 ca lle d historic ba eh to 

H H H ' 

M i t c h e l l 

 i i a intl n e e 

 its c e c a • 

 mltted the city was behind schedule in cleaning up the lake. 
Ile said, however, the city was iii the process of completing improve­ ments to the lake. 
He said new storm water clarifiers - had been installed and were now iii the shakedown stage before going in- ; to a lull tune use 
Once they are i i i operation all storm waler from the lake would be * run through the clarifiers before go­ ing into the rivers, he said. "thus improving the quality of water dis­ charged " 
Sueltenfuss also said bad weather had hampered sludge cleaning oper­ ations at the lake. 
Under the amendment adopted 
Friday San Antonio will be required to: 
• Complete a dike to separate the lake into two new sections and remo­ val of sludges to the SKI level iii the north section by Ju ly I 
• 
Install a pumping station and have it operational for the north sec­ tion by July I. 
• Construct storm water diversion., channels lo route storm water around the north section and into the south section bv Ju ly I. 
• Install flow measuring and r n cording devices us required to moni­ tor inflows and irrigation water by 
. July I i 
• Attain un o|>erattonal level coni sislent with the requirements of Hie* permit by Ju ly I, 

Priority item 

Reeves said the urban counties conference will also be giving high p rio riies to bills which w ill give com m issioners courts ordinance making powers 

Another high priority w ill be a proposed bill winch would make the slate bear part of tile cost of stale teaching hospitals. 

Beeves said, “ The conference wants to lim it itself to only a few areas to be sure we will be effective." 

M MUSX NEW S CAPITOL B utt AU 

AUSTIN — A Texas Railroad Commission hearing examiner has recommended denial of a Tejas Gas Corp. request to become a new gas customer of Lo-Vaca Gathering Co, 
Examiner Tom ll. Hill took testimony on the Tejas application at a public hearing 
Bec. 2 

In a proposed order of denial accompany­ ing his report. Hill said, "It would not be in the public interest to grant Tejas’ applica­ tion for new service from Lo-Vaca," 

He said granting of the request would tx* to the detriment of existing Lo-Vaca customers. 
He said there are other fuel sources which could Im* utilized by Tejas. 
I ii his findings of fact and conclusions of law. Hill noted: 

• Corpus Chnsti-based Tejas is engaged iii tile business of hauling and transporting fuel oil for Central Power and Light of Corpus 
Christi. It has applied for the purchase of 
17o.(1o(1 cubic feet of gas per day from 
. Lo-Vaca. The gas is to bi* used to fire a package boiler during winter months to allow for the transportation of heavy fuel oil by pipeline. 
• Tejas' need for gas during the winter months coincides with the times of greatest demand tor gas transported by Lo-Vaca and when curtailments are most likely to occur. 
• Other gas suppliers operate in the 
Nueces County area. 
• Tejas has gas production of its own. 
• The package boiler, purchased by Tejas prior to its application for Lo-Vaca gas sen ice, can be converted to burn fuel oil at a price of $15,(881 to $17,188) 

Lawns*'Beauty, 

NURSERY m 
•6SO Bandera Road 

7 7 ‘ 

St. A wove tm * (Corp**) 
GRASS . . . P U U P A U S T . . . 
U S S TH A N A P U U P A U I T 
F L O * A T A M 
MAI AAI UT 
IIM IMN • HIU AAUIt 
........... 
LIVI OAK THUS ..tingly, double 
A Trip le Trunk . .................................. 

Pottery 
SnmJrjr 
Bort, MutcK 

P o t n r ^ W U in d o o r M o o te r * 

P lo w e r B e d I 
Largo 

• 7« 
1, 3 t 4 I* i .aa to t* 

 a i * 
NT* 

- B e d t d g .n o 
O ororor* . Bore 

Tree* 

SA? vt*. 

 to e d * 
S to n e . lt « p f t A | S to n e * a o r d a r in g T o o l. 

B e d d in g P ip e t* 

Potta g e P ion** 

Epee Bedip B-7 p.m. 

 t « T l l ItiUM * 

PP O O O C TV 
B M - JU P 

Peg# 
4-A 
San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Saturday January 8 1977 

ENGLANDER 
DREAM CUSHION 
MATTRESS AND BOX SPRING 

OUR 
PRICE f 
9 
9 oo 

1 5 5 °° 
1 2 o o o 

9 8 °° 

KING 
QUEEN 
FULL 
TWIN 

UST 
339.95 
229.95 
189.9o 
139.9o 

COMPARE OUR LOW PRICES 

The BEDROOM CENTER also car- ries a wide variety of SOLID 
WOOD BUNK BEDS and BED­ 
ROOM SUITES 

FREE DELIVERY IN SAN ANTO NIO 

THE BEDROOM CENTER 
155o Bandera 
433-9o71 
Hours: Mon. Thru Friday, IO a.m. to 8 p.m. 
Saturday 9 a.m. to 6 p.m. 

HBG: Committee no legislative CIA 

WASHINGTON STAR SERVICE 

W ASHINGTON - The next chairman of the House 
Select Committee on As­ sassinations said Friday he will not permit use of hid­ den radio transmitters or similar techniques by the committee’s investigative staff. 
Rep. Henry B. Gonzalez of San Antonio, who next week w ill become chairman of the committee investigating the assassin­ ations of President .John F. 
Kennedy and the Rev. Dr. 
Martin Luther King Jr., said, “ We are not going to become a legislative CIA. I 

S. A , c o n g re ssm a n says he w ill n o I p e rm it a s s a s sin a tio n s p ro b e rs to use h id d e n e le c tro n ic d e vice s 

 won’t stand for that.” 
The question of the propriety of the equipment and techniques to be used by the committee director, 
Richard A. Sprague, and his investigators was raised in a letter from Rep. Don 
Edwards, D*Calif. 
Inform ed 
Gonzalez said he had al­ ready informed Edwards in writing he will not tolerate any of the investigative ie- 

=Express-News Wont Ads 225-1666 E 

In fected p igeon s eyed as carriers o f disease 

AMES, Iowa (AP) - It’s possible infected pigeons spread the so-called 
Legionnaires’ disease that 
WOLFE ROSE SALE 
OPEN 9:oo a . m . to 6:oo p.it 
SUNDAY 1o:oo 
MONDAY THRU SATURDAY - to 6:oo p.m. a.rn 

JUST ARRIVED 
ROSE BUSHES 

TM* yew* Californio Rom Busies . . . beautiful no. t bush** tach imported and planted in containers Ch OOM from: over 35 varieties . .. Whlte-Red- finfc-fellow or Two-Tone. 
19 
•a. 
3 f o r‘ 6 
S O 

PEACH TREES 
PLANT AN ORCHARD 
2 year old, bore root, 5 to 6 ft. toll, 6 varieties, including Sam Houston. rn n o rarer 
2 Y*or old, bare root, S to 6 ft. toll, 4 rLUlfl I K tu vane tm, including tanto Ro m . 
APRICOT TREES Moorpark variety. mr A n T o r t e 2 rear o,d' bo,# roo,< 5 to 6 ft. toll, 4 
"IAK I KCE) varieties, cooking ar eating. 
A D D IE TDCCe 
* f** old' bore root> 5 to 6 ft. tall, 3 
A r r L t I K H ) varieties including Delicious 
U r / 'T a D lk lC 2 TM r old, bore root, 5 to 6 ft. toll, Goldmine 
N E L I A K I N c or Surecrop varieties 

*1.49 

*1.49 

*1.49 

*1.49 

WOLFE 
PECAN TREES 
NEW SHIPMENT. .. JUST ARRIVED 
Choose from . .. Paper Shell varieties such as Mahan, Stuart, Wichita, W. 
Schley, Desirable and Success. 
REG. $ 2 2 .9 8 
PECAN TREES 
8 to IO ft. tall, 4 year old. 
*15.99 ea 
2 for *29.9o 
R IG . $ 19.99 
PECAN TREES 
6 lo 8 ft. tall, 3 year old. 
*12.99 •• 
2 for *24.9o 

*1.49 

*1.49 

I O for S 1 2 . 5 o 

ASPARAGUS ROOTS 
Mary Washington Crown 
39‘» 
3 1,.51. OO 
RUBARBS 
Victoria Crown 
79*«. 
2f«*1.5o 

HID YOUR UWN NOW) 
KM I ARU GREEN UWN 
GREIN GRO UWN FERTILIZER terrifies root growth la protect and keep your lawn and shrubs beautiful oH winter. 5o Hts. sack foods 1,25o sp. ft. 

•6 . 9 5 
. o. 
3 f o r * 1 8 " 

ARTICHOKES 

Plant now for bast results, growing 

 in I gallon cant. 
‘ 1.49 » 2 i.r‘2.5o 

KOOI STIMULATOR 
UM GREIN UGMT ROOT STURUUTOR 
. . . Take the bad luck eat e( plan­ ting . . . plant with ceafidaaco. 
Quart makes 19 ladens useable 
<| Q solution. 
* • ! # qt. 

PREPARE YOUR FLOWER BEDS NOWI 

C O P P E R A S . . . 5 lb .b o g ....................................................* 1 .8 9 

S U L P H U R ~5 lb. b o g .................................................................* 1 .7 9 

B O N E M E A L ..5 lb. b a g ............................................................* 2 .8 9 

P O T A S H - 5 lb. b o g ................................................................... * 1 .7 9 

S U P E R H o S P H A T L ~ 5 lb. b a g ..................................................* 1 .8 9 

C O W M A N U R E Well rotted, weed free, r A large SO M r s a c k ..........................................* 1 .9 9 
5 seek. for * 9 .5 o 

S H E E P M A N U R E ^ ». b e g ...................* 1 .9 9 
5 M<k. far * 9 .5 o 

M I C H I G A N P E A I Hock maist poof, mn* r t a t m 
•A ca. ft. bag...............................................9 9 * sack 
5 tack. far * 4 .7 5 

B A R K M U I C H -.3 C u .K .M * k ............ usual $3 98 
N O W * 1 .9 9 

P O T T I N G SO IL 25 Ms sack, prepared m i. * 1 .6 9 
3 sacks Mr * 4 .9 9 

2o% DISCOUNT ON CERAMIC AND 
IMPORTED POTS. SAN ANTONIO'S 
LARGEST ASSORTMENT IMPORTED 
AND CERAMIC POTS. 

PLANT BEARING 
FRUIT TREES 
NOW 
Cauld bear fruit this year . .. Cho OM from: 
PEACH TREES 
5 to 6 ft. tall, 2 8 3 year old, ch OOM from the IO bast varieties. 
’7.98-.3 for‘24.oo 
APRICOT TREES 
Searing sue, J to 6 ft. tall, 4 bast varieties, 2 la 3 year aid. 
‘7.98-.3 ak‘24.oo 
PEAR TREES tearing sat, 5 to 6 ft. tail, eating ar cooking variotios, 2 to 3 year ald. 
‘ 7.98 ~ 3 for‘24.oo 
PLUM TREES 
•mkiiiq sui, 5 to 6 ft. toll, 2 to 3 yoar old 
‘ 7.98. 3 tor‘24.oo 

NEW SHRUBS lost arrtvod foe ttio now pion tin 9 

RIG. $2.99 
Choose from: 
CUYRA 
JAPONICA, 
DWAIN 
ALBOR DI HOUY, COLORFUL 
NAMM NA, RID TOP PNOTMIA and 
DWARF CHINESE HOUY. 
‘ 1.79. 5 for‘7.9o 

CAMELLIAS groan, assorted colors. The most beautiful of all evergreen broadleaf shrubs, loaded with buds, ready ta baar the most beautiful and perfect of aU flowers. Crewing in I 

*1.49. 2 to,‘2.75 

LARGER CAMELLIAS 
36” tall, growing in 3 gal can, many 
In blftflfft 
‘ 12.98 .. 

PANSIE PLANTS 
Steele* Giant . .. these are beautiful plants, mixed colen . .. approx. 6 plant per tray. 

7 7 ' p*r tray 

3 tray* for * I o9 5 

IIG. $3.98 
BLO O M IN G 

Y A R ) P O IN S E T T IA S 

LIMIT 2 
| 
(Cig Md bring rim coupon) 
I (Good En., Set, Sun end Mon) 
S 
S im a s j H Q 
R js i i 

FORMERLY $ 2 .5 o e r a . 

PHILODENDRON 
SELLO UM 
24 bushy, groatng in 3 gal can. 

LIMIT 2 
(Up and bring tho coupon) 
(Good fn, Sot, Sun ond Mon.), 

CHINA DOU 
ROSE BUSH 
Pink lunier lose. no. I, 2 yew old, growing in I gal cen 

$ I 7 V 
LIMIT 4 
(Clip ond bring this coupon) 
(Good Fn., Sot., Sun ond Mon}, 
RRMunununuM 

U SU AL $ 8 .9 9 
WAXLEAF 
The best bread leaf evergreen. 
41 loll. growing in 3 gal con. 

* 4 * ^ 
UMH 4 
(Up end bring rim coupon) 
Geed In , Sat. Sun ond Mon.) 

NKG. $2.99 
HOLLY FERN 
Ixtm Iwge. growing rn I gallon can 

• 1 * °. 
UMI! J a 

 ond bring rim coupon) fit, Sot, Sun cmd Mon.) 

 a a JEXJEa 

GRAPE VINES frtio luge. thompson 
Seedless. 
6 5 U 
UNLIT 4 
(Up ond bring rim coupon) 
(Geed fit, Sot., Sun end Mon.) 

 killed 
29 persons in 
Philadelphia last summer, a scientist says. 
Dr. Leslie A. Page, a microbiologist at the Na­ tional 
Animal 
Disease 
Center, developed a test he' said indicates ehlamydiae bacteria could be responsi­ ble for the mysterious dis­ ease. 

The U.S. Department of 
Agriculture and the federal 
Center for Disease Control in Atlanta have emphasized more testing is needed to confirm the development announced Thursday. 

In an interview Friday, 
Page said if his finding is confirmed. Pennvslvania health authorities have told him the discase could be traced to a large flock of pigeons that roosted on the roof of the Bellevue-Strat- ford Hotel in Philadelphia. 
Legionnaires’ disease broke out after a state 
American Legion conven­ tion involving the hotel in 
Philadelphia Ju ly 2o-24 
There were 18o eases, 29 of them fatal. 

 chiniques to which E d ­ wards has objected. 
Gonzalez’s stand is in some conflict with 
Sprague’s statements about the use of electronic equip­ ment and investigative, techniques; 
Edwards, however, may have over­ stated Sprague’s plans. 
Sprague detailed some of his plans at news confer­ ences Dec. 13 and Dec. 31. 
Records of those confer­ ences indicate Sprague in­ tends to allow his investi­ gators to carry hidden transmitters when they have individuals under surveillance and must be in contact with other indivi­ duals. 
Being recorded 
Sprague insisted investi­ gators will tell all persons if their interview is being' recorded. 
The $6.5 million budget proposed by Sprague for the first year of operations includes $4,4oo for two miniphone recording de­ vices, $8,ooo for two stress evaluators and $2,8oo for two polygraph, or lie de­ tection. devices. 
But there were indica­ tions the full budget amount would not be ap­ proved. 
House Speaker Thomas 
P. O’Neill, asked about complaints some congress­ men have voiced about the 
$6.5 million budget, said, 
" I ’m not going to comment on something that may not happen.” 
Gonzalez, while refusing to back off the estimate, said that he’ll take what he can get. “ If you can’t have a whole loaf, then you have a half loaf," he said. 

After the hidden trnans- 

 mitters were first men­ tioned. Edwards wrote to 
O’Neill that lie was con­ cerned that some of the assassination committee staff techniques might be wrong, immoral or very li­ kely illegal. 

“ Such procedures are to say the least inappropriate for use by a congressional committee,” Edwards said. 
Edwards also objected to public hearings. 

Gonzalez noted he was not the committee chair­ man yet and the Select 
Committee on Assassina­ tions no longer existed and wouldn’t until next week when the House reconsti­ tutes it. 
But he said he had given 
Edwards a prelim inary reply and intended to ex­ pand on his assurances that the committee staff would not be permitted to use 
.illegal techniques. 

CLAUDINE LONGET and attorney Ron 
Au$tin leave courthou$e after jury se­ lection for her trial on manslaughter charges 
Jury selected in L on get trial 

ASPEN, Colo. (A P) - A jury of seven men and five women was selected Friday to decide whether singer- actress Claudine Longet is guilty of reckless mans­ laughter in the shooting death of her lover, profes­ sional skier 
Vladim ir 
“ Spider” Sabich. 
The panelists, w ho will be sworn in Monday, range in age from 27 to 62 and in­ clude residents of this small ski village who were friends or acquaintances of 
Sabich. 
One of them is a service station owner who serviced cars for Sabich and Miss 

Longet, another played tennis with the couple and a third was a skiing compan­ ion of Sabich. 
Some of the jurors and two alternates expressed reservations about Miss 
Longet’s innocence, but all promised to give her a fair and objective verdict. 
The last juror seated, a young mother, said she once had an opinion that there was a chance she 
(Miss Longet) was innocent hut more likely that she was guilty.” She said she dropped that opinion “ in the past couple of days.” 
Miss Longet is accused of 

 shooting Sabich last March 
21 at the home she shared with him and her three children by her ex-hus­ band, singer Andy W il­ liams — Noelle, 12, Chris­ tian. IO, and Bobby. 7. 
Accident 
The slender defendant has maintained the shoot­ ing was an accident, that the gun discharged as 
Sabich was showing her how to use it. lf convicted of the rec k­ less manslaughter charge, 
Miss Longet could get up to 
IO years in prison and a 
$3o,ooo fine. 

R arotkin’s 
Makes every hoe ac a little Mare like h oar 
Sleep in comfort and save 
. . .courtesy of Karotkin’s 

Save $2o.o7! Hollywood bed with 
Sealy mattress and foundation 

Reg. $169.95 
$ 1 
Q 8 8 
3-pc. set 
■ 
■ w 

Smart colonial styling embelishes a rich maple stain finish on head­ board and footboard constructed of selected hardwoods and hardwood veneers. A twin-size Sealy “ Newport” mattress and foundation assures you of satisfying sleep. Complete with sturdy steel rails. Broadway, Downtown and Big M City stores only. 

Sk H T , ! /! rl rJ r l Vw I I I 
WOLFE 
NURSERIES! 

I. 1 5o7 RUIZ 2 .7 o o 7 SAN PEDRO AVE. 
I. 37oo B R O A D W A Y 4. 6714 SO. FLORES 
S. I I 34 PAT BOOKER RD., U N IV ER SA L CITY 
>. 88o2 PERRIN BEITEL RD. 

4 
I 
4 

8-in. bent handle plastic shears 

Special 
o 99 
Purchase pair 

Comfortable handle help;* eliminate hand strain, l ine stainless steel cutting blades. 
Lightweight for easy handling. Ideal for sewing or general household use. Big value! 

• .Notion*) 

SAVE 2o% 

Open weave panels 
3 
97 
*o,84 in. long 

Fashionable rod-pocket panels ideal in any setting from antique to modern. 
Acetate ana Dacron* polyester blend. In your choice of colors. 

• Draperies 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Saturday January 8 I 97/ __ 
^a9® 
3-A 

Sears 

 specia ONLY 

SPECIALS 

SAVE 

CHARGE IT on Sears 
Revolving 
Charge 

Regular S 8.49-S 8.99 

 a . Regular SH. 49. 12-month check file box. H olds your checks, receipts. 12 monthly dividers included. With link. 

 b . Regular SR.OO steel cash box.This steel box has removable 7-sect ion plastic tray. 
Sturdy key lock. Handled top. 

Personal file with lock 

Regular 
o 9 9 
S 1o.99 
O 

Extra-large steel file measures 12"*xlOxlO- inches. Complete with set, of 5 folders. 

 d. Steel security box 
13 
Regular 
~| 
9 9 
SI 7.99 

Fire resistant steel box helps protect valua­ bles. 141 a x9V. x4 inches. A real value at this low price. 

Stationery department 

4o% to 57% Off! 

Short sleeve shirts 

$4.99 to $7 in 1976 spring catalog 

Short sleeve tailored shirts in a great as­ sortment of styles and colors. Easy-care fabric of 5o% polyester and 5of,< cotton. 
Misses* sizes. 

• In our SjHtrl'HCHr department 

1 7 % t o 2 2 % 

Steel files, cash boxes, security boxes 

Your Choice 
The look of Gabardine 

 in 1oo% Polyester 

Special 
o 
7 
7 
Purchase 
M yard 

Great selection of pretty fashion colors. Th ideal weight, for pants, blazers and skirts. 6o-ii wide for economical cutting. 

T-shirt Knits 
"I 7 7 prints. 
JL 

• Fabric center 

Assorted prints. 
X 
J J S L 

Sew pants! 
McCall's pattern #4849 

Sears 

SPECIAL PURCHASE, through not reduced. in an exceptional value. 
Where America shops 

ROK.HUCK AVO ca 
Satisfaction Guaranteed or Your Money Back 

- 
> 
J »• 
~ T r -^ > 

 is, c" , i* 1 tf 
A J z i L ^ 

■ J 
\ 

Sears polyester-filled pillows—great value! 

Regular $2.65 
O 
$ CT 
Standard size f o r 
Qjr 

 mw, regular $3.oo each,,,............ 2 for $6.oo 
King liw, regular $6.oo each ............. 2 for $7.oo 
Wake up to this value! Even at this low price you can gel plump pillows filled with billowy polyester. Non-allergenic, moth and mildew- resistant. 1oo% cotton cover. Hurry to Sears. 

• Bedding department 

2o-drawer steel parts cabinet 

Regular 
o 
6 
6 
$7.49 

Ideal for storing and organizing tarnal] parti* or household items quickly and easily! Plastic drawers let you view contents quickly. Has sturdy steel cabinet. 

• Hardware 

 r 

Turbine cover fits 
12 and 14-in. vents 

Regular 
$2.99 

Just slip cover over vent and use tie cord to secure to base. Nylon reinforced Po- lyethelene. Waterproof. 
• Plumbing 

Save 23% on Kun’n’ 
Fancy toilet seat 

Regular 
^ 
8 8 
$8.99 
V T 

Whimsical designs are silk screened on both sides of seat lid. Baked-on high gloss-type finish on compressed wood. 
Assorted designs, colors. 
• Plumbing 

Shop Early Limited Quantities 

Downtown Phua Store 
Soledad at Navarro 
Mon. and Than. 9:3o*9 
AU other days 9:3o-6 

Military Drive Store at Pleasanton Rd. 
Mon- thru Sat. 
93o-9 

Central Park State 
San Pedro at Loop 41o 
M on. thru Sat 
9:3o-9 

San Antonio EX P R ESS-N EW S-~Saturday January 8 1977 

I 'w ' 

Roy Rogers and Dale Evans will bring their own style of music and song to 
“Hee Haw ” at 6 p.m. Saturday on KENS-TV, Ch. 5. They will be guest 
Mars on the popular country and comedy variety series. 

Key D.C. figu res in TV interviews 

Three men who will be key figures in the 
W ashington political arena during 1977 will be feature gu ests on major television inter­ view program s Sun­ day. 
S e c re ta ry of th e T r e a ­ sury-designate W. Michael 
Blumenthal, in his first half-hour solo appearance on television, will be on 
ABC News’ award-winning public affairs series, “ Is­ sues and Answers.*’ 

The interview, originat- ing in New York, will be 

 aired from ll to 11:3o a.m. over KSAT-TV, Ch. 12. 
Thirty minutes earlier — at 1o:3o a.m. on KENS-TV, 
Ch. 5, — .Sen. Robert Byrd, 
D-VV.Va., the newly elected 
S en ate m a jo rity le a d e r, will he the guest on “ Face the Nation.” 
The other personality — a behind the scenes in divi­ dual — to go on nationwide television is Jack H. Wat­ son Jr., head of the Carter transition office who is ex­ pected to have a key White 
House position in the new administration. 
W atson will be in te r ­ viewed on 
“ Meet the 
P r e s s ” at ll a.m . on 
LISTINGS 

Program listings compiled in*' tins log ore furnished by the »e fevmon station; and are subject to last minute changes 
The newspaper is not respan sibie when listings ore in error 

KMOL-TV 
O —NSC 

9 a m. ( t h . 9) - ONCE 
UPON A CLASSIC - “ Ava­ lanche.” An idyllic skiing holiday in the A u strian 
Tyrol turns into a danger­ ous mountain climbing trek climaxed by a breathtaking search and rescue. 

1o:3o (Ch. 9) - REBOP - 
Viewers travel to Boston to meet a 13-year-old asthm a­ tic girl who still leads an active life; a Seneca Indian with a new family in a new town; and a 16-year-old 
Black confronted with the em otional crisis in South 
Boston schools. 

11:3o (Ch. 4) - MUGGSY - 
“ T he 
B iggest 
L iar in 
T o w n .” A m ask ed thief steals bicycles from young­ sters in the neighborhood and Nick and Muggsy track him down. 

11:3o (Ch. 12) - AMERICAN 
BANDSTAND - Host Dick 
C lark w elcom es 
L ittle 
River Band, Yvonne El li­ man and Rodney, the com­ puterized puppet. 

Noon (C h. 5) - THE CBS 
C HILDREN’S FILM FES­ 
TIVAL - “ Digby.” An Eng­ lish film about an adopted sheepdog who goes through a serie s of unique ad v en ­ tures as a guinea pig. 

Noon (Ch. 4) - SENIOR 
BOWL GAM E - T h e n a ­ tion’s top college seniors are featured in East-W est conflict. Jack Buck and Len 
Dawson describe the action from Mobile, Alabama. 

1:3o p.m. (Ch. 12) - PRO- 
FE SSIO N AL BOWLERS 
TOUR - This show starts its 
I Bth co n se c u tiv e season. 
Today’s gam es come from th e G ab le H ouse in T o r ­ ra n c e . C alif., w h ere the finals of the Lite Classic will offer th e w in n e rs 
$8o,ooo in prizes. 

3 (Ch. 5) - THE PHOENIX 
OPEN - The third round of 
“(his $2oo,ooo open com es from the Phoenix Country 
Club with Pat Summerall, 
Jack Whitaker, Ben Wright and golfers Ken V enturi and Frank Beard providing commentary. 

3 (Ch. 12) - THE HULA 
BOWL - This all-star type gam e comes from Honolu­ lu, Hawaii. 

4 (C h. 5) - ( BS SPORTS 
SPECTACULAR 
• 
The highlight of today’s show is 
Romania’s Nadia Comaneci s ta r r in g in 
“ W o m en ’s 
Gymnast ifs ” com pet it ion. 
Jack Whitaker and Muriel 
Grosfield are the commen­ tators. 

6 (Ch. 5) - HEE HAW - 
Buck Owens and Roy Clark are hosts to country music and com edy. T o n ig h t’s guests are Roy Rogers and 
Dale Evans. 

7 (Ch. 5) - IH E MARY 
TYLER MOOKE SHOW - 
The station manager hires a well-known critic as a once-a-ueek com m entator to raise the news ratings. 
The critic v iciously attacks the city of Minneapolis and its people, and greatly dis­ pleases Mary and the crew. 

7 (Ch 4) EMERGENCY! - 
“ P a p e rw o rk ,” G age and 
D esoto have to help straighten out messed-up files caused by a computer breakdow n. M eanw hile. 
Squawk box 

I am Interested to know ii 
Johnny Weissmuller is still alive. —Maurine 
W eissm uller, now 72, is still aliv e, o ccasionally yelling that Tarzan yell. 

•k * * 

Who played Nora Charles 
In the TV version of "The 
Thin 
M an,” please. 
—Melanie 

P h y llis Kirk was T V ’s 
N ora. 
My m a 
Ley, of c o u rs e , was the N ora of films. 

 they atten d a stric k e n y o u n g ste r tra p p e d in a drain pipe; a student and his professor poisoned as a result of their experiments, and a workm an suffering from explosion burns. 

7 (Ch. 12) - WONDER WO­ 
MAN - “ The Last of the $2 
Bills.” Wotan (Jam e s Ol­ son), a top German agent, has a scheme to attack the 
United States and plans to steal engraving plates and make millions of dollars in counterfeit bills. 

7:3o (Ch. 5) - THE BOB 
NEWHART SHOW - Patient 
Elliot Carlin discovers his secretary is in love with him and he is amazed. He confesses to Bob that he has helped the infatuation by inventing exciting stories about his life. Boh advises against the fib telling, hut wife Emily believes a few enhancing lies support a budding romance. 

8 (Ch. 4) - THE MAD, 
MAD. MAD, MAD WORLD 
OF THE SUPER BOWL - 
This spec ial is hosted by 
Kate Jackson and Jaclyn 
S m ith of “ C h a rlie ’s An­ gels.” and New York Jets quarterback Joe Namath. 
T h e re a r e 26 c o m e d ia n s a p p e a r in g on the spoof. 
Among them are Steve Al­ len. George Carlin. Rodney 
D angerfield, Harvey K er­ m a n , 
J e r r y 
S tille r, 
Jo n a th a n 
W in te rs and 
Penny Youngman. 

8 (Ch. 12) - ST ARSKY & 
HI TCH - “ The Las Vegas 
Strangler.” (Part Two) (R) 
Lynda Carder, Frank Con­ verse, Joan B e n d e ll and 
Roz Kelly guest as the two cops a r e in Las V egas d re s s e d like b u m s and looking for the stra n g le r w ho has been working over chorus girls. 

8:3op(5)SUPIR NIGHT AT THE 
•SUPER BOWl/oll-stcir 
* entertainment speciol(Adv.) 

8:3o (Ch, i ) - SUPER 
NIGHT AT THE SUPER 
BOWL • Another entertain­ ment salute to tomorrow’s 
Super Bow l XI This one is hosted by Sam m y Davis, 
Jr., Elliott Gould and Andy 
Williams. Tile show tom es from the Rose Bowl, site of the Sillier Bowl. Show busi­ ness and sports celebrities will be featured. 

9 (Ch. 12) - MOST WANT­ 
ED- “The Fixer.” One-half of a famous reporting team is m urdered while investi­ gating a protection racket and his partner, fearing for the life of his fam ily, r e ­ fuses to cooperate with the police. Gary Collins, M ur­ ray Ham ilton and J a m e s 
Luis! are featured. 

1o 3® (Ch. 4) - FIRST AN- 
NL'AL FREEDOM FOOT­ 
BALL C LASSIC - Best sen­ ior p lay ers from Ihe n a ­ tion’s top Black colleges and universities meet at the 
Los Angeles Coliseum. 

9 

OO 
IS 
3o 
45 
IO ll 

OO 
15 
JO 
45 
12 
I 

OO 
15 
3o 
45 
2 

oo 
1 5 
3o 
45 

The Woody 
Woodpecker Show 
The Pink Panther 
Lough & Vt 

Hour & 'h 

Speed Buggy 

Monster Squad 

Space Ghost 
Frankenstein Jr. 
Big John, 
Little John 

Land of the 
Lost 
Muggsy 

Senior Bowl Game 

3 

OO 
15 
3o 
45 
4 

OO 
»5 
3o 
45 
5 

OO 
15 
3o 
45 
6 

OO 
IS 
3o 
45 

College 

Basketball 77 
SMU vs. TCU 

KENS-TV 
Q — CBS 

Sylvester & 
Tweety 
Clue Club 

Bugs Bunny/ 
Roadrunner Hour 

Tarzan, Lord of the Jungle 
Shazom /lsis Hour 

Ark ll 

Fat Albert and the Cosby Kids 
Way Out Games 

CBS Children's 
Film Festival 
"Digby'' 

America: The 
Young Experience 
I Dream of 
Jeanme 

That Good Ole 
Nashville Music 
Survival 

The Lucy Show 
Lucille Ball 
TV 4 Big News 

The Phoenix Open 

CBS Sports 
Spectacular 

Eyewitness News 
Sylvan Rodriguez 
CBS Evening 
News 

The Incredible 
Bread Machine 

7 

OO 
: I 5 
3o 
45 
8 

OO 
: I 5 
3o 
45 
9 

OO 
15 
3o 
45 
IO ll 

OO 
15 
3o 
45 

Emergency! 
Kevin Ttghe 
Randolph 
Mantooth 

The Mod, Mad, 
Mad Mad World of the Super 
Bowl 

Kate Jackson 
Jaclyn Smith 
Joe Namath 

TV-4 Big News 
David Cruz 
First Annual 
Freedom Football 

Classic 
(I 3o) Late Show 
"The Ugly 
American 

Hee Haw with hosts 
Buck Owens and Roy Clark 

KLRN-TV 
Q —Cd 

Villa Alegre 

Mister Rogers' 
Neighborhood 

The Tom & Jerry/ dum bly Show 
Jabberjaw 

Sesame Street 

Once Upon 
A Classic 

Infinity Factory 

Rebop 

Carrascolendas 

Crockett's Victory 
Garden 

Five String 
Breakdown 
Chust for 
Fancy 

Word on Words 

Guppies to 
Groupers 

By Line 

Pianoplay 

The Garden Show 

Cinema Showcase 
Edith Head 

NOVA 
Hitler's Secret 
Weapon ' 

KSAT-TV 
© 
—ABC 

Scooby Doo/ 
Dynomut* ^hr>w 

The Krofft 
Supershow 

Super Friends 

The Oddball 
Couple 

American 
Bandstand 

Opinion 

Community Report 

Pro-Bowlers Tour 

Hula Bowl 

People and Ideas 

School Talk 

The Mary Tyler 
Moore Show 
The Bob Newhall 
Show 

All In The 
Family 
Super Night at the Super Bowl 

Sammy Davis Jr 
Elliott Gould 
Andy Williams 

Eyewitness News 
S. Rodriguez 
Star Trek 
William Shatner 

Leonard Nimoy 
De Forest Kelly 
Big Show 
"The Stripper" 

Firing Line 
William F 
Buckley, Jr, 

Lowell Thomas 
Remembers 
The Way It Was 

Tell Me It Anything 
Ever Was Done 

Birth and Death of a Star 
Heimoey Eruption 
Iceland 1973 

Monty Python's 
Flying Circus 
Mark Russell 
Comedy Special 

Soundstage 

 ll2:oo) Sign Off 

The lawrence 
Welk Show 

Wonder Woman 
Lynda Carter 
Lyle Waggoner 

Starsky & Hutch 
David Soul 
P M Glaser 
(Conclusion) 

Most Wanted 
Robert Stack 
Shelly Noyack 
Jo Ann Harris 

NewsWatch 
Graham Smith 
Superstar Cinema 
This is my Affair 

Robert Taylor 

EL CHARI LIN 
COLORADO 
7:3o p.m., 
Ch. ll 

Lo Voz del 
Evangels 
El Show de Carmita 

Carmita Jimenez 

Cine del 
Sobado 

KMOL-TV. Ch. 4. 
B lu m e n th a l, who c o n ­ tends the U.S. can achieve a b alan ced b u d g e t w ithin four years, is expected to d isc u ss how th is can he done during his interview by ABC c o rre s p o n d e n ts 
Bob (dark and Dan Cordtz. 
President-elect C harter’s selection of Blumenthal for the treasury post has been interpreted as a signal to the b u sin ess co m m u n ity there is little to fear from the Carter adm inistration. 
B lu m en th al, how ever, is considered an unorthodox lib e ra l, and m any observers are assum ing a w ait-an d -see a ttitu d e on how B lum enthal’s conser­ vatism and liberalism will blend into an eco n o m ic mix. 
B lu m en th al has been chairm an and chief execu­ tive officer of the Bendix 
Corp. since 1972. He served as deputy a s s is ta n t secretary of state for econ­ omic affairs in 1961 and as sp ecial a m b a s s a d o r for tr a d e n e g o tia tio n s from 
1963-1967. 
Producer 
P eggy W hedon is p ro ­ d u ce r of 
“ Issu es and 
Answers,” a public affairs presentation of ABC News. 
Sen. Byrd will he inter­ viewed in W ashington by 
CBS correspondent George 
Herman, moderator of the weekly broadcast, and two o th e r re p o rte rs to be s e ­ lected. 
Mary O. Y ates and Ro­ bert Vitarelli are producer and director, respectively, of “ Face the N ation” for 
CBS News. 
R ep o rters interview ing 
Watson will be Neal Peirce of The N ational Jo u rn al, 
Alan O tten of T he Wall 
Street Journal and a third panelist to he announced. 
Bill Monroe is executive producer and moderator of 
"Meet the P ress.” 

"Twist, Locura de Juventud" 
Enrique Guzman 
Rosita Arenas 

Fanfarrio 
Falcon 

Sal y 
Pimiento 
Oscar Zamora 

 lucha Libre 
(Wrestling) 

 las Aventuros de Capulina 
Chespirito 
Roberto Bolonos 

Lo Meior de 
(os Pclivoces 
Eduardo Manzano 
Enrique Cuenca 

Box de Mexico 

Las Invencibles 

I 2 3o) Late Movn 
'Rhubarb ' 
|(12) Sign Off 

My A ffair,” sta rrin g Ro­ bert Taylor and B arbara 
Stanwyck. A lieutenant, se­ cretly assigned by P re s i­ dent McKinley to discover and join hank robbers, is captured and sentenced to hang. 

11:3o (Ch. 3) - BIG SHOW 
“ The S trip p e r,” sta rrin g 
J o a n n e W oodw ard and 
Claire Trevor. A carnival girl, stranded iii a sm all town, is taken in by an old friend w hose teenage son is attracted to her. 

12:3® a m. (C h 12) • THE 
LATE MOVIE • ‘ R h u ­ b a rb ,” sta rrin g Ray Mil- 

 land and Jan Sterling. A baseball team rebels when they learn they are owned by a cat who inherited them from a millionaire. 

I 3o (Ch. 4) * LATE SHOW • 
“ The Ugly A m e r ic a n ,” s ta rr in g M arlon B rando and Sandra Church A new 
American Ambassador to a southern Asian country is attac k ed by a m ob. He solves the com plex situ a­ tion (R) 

H igher funding urged 

AUSTIN 
(A P ) - 
Directors of Texas Electric 
Cooperatives Inc. urged the le g isla tu re 
F rid a y to provide em erg en cy a d d i­ tional funding for both the 
Public Utility Commission and the Railroad Commis­ sion. 

“ The PUC needs these funds to continue building an organization and staff capability for accomplish­ ing its m ission and the 
Railroad Commission sim ­ ply cannot begin to perform its functions in the realm of regulation of gas utilities with its present very limit­ ed staff budget,” the direc­ tors said. 

They also recommended th at som e re g u lato ry agency be given emergency powers to set natural gas prices in crisis situations. 

• Announcement* 
• Thank You* 
• KaapMka Scrolls rn Napkins 
• Social Stationary 

JIFFY PRESS 
INSTANT PRINTING 
• PfRSONAUZiDSBtVKI 
• CUSTOM PUNTING IN OUI 
OWN SHOP 
• INCMVIOUAl ATTENTION ON 
AU otoas 

17o1 $.W MiNtoiy Dr 
924 453S 
42o9 fr»<g.mksbuf(j Id 
735-S232 
6211 San Padre............. 342-9555 
16o6 McCullough........... 225-61o7 
2261 Rhapsody........... 341-6272 

I 
“ A” 
J AAUGER 
I 

IO 3o (Ch. 12) 
STAR C INEMA 
SUPER 
“This IsL 

Cleans Clogged Sewer* and Drain* Best... 

LOWEST PRICES IN TOWN 
FREE ESTIMATES 

3 4 1 - 6 1 2 4 
II 
J 
GOOD € VINING, 
CVCftVftODV" LETS lOOKflT 
HISJORV 
Headon* event* bom 19bJ to 1S?&, biograph:*** of ht»- toric Aor I d figure* and history of avis ti on in a new season of 39 half-hour pro­ grams 
N tW S fllM fit PORTS ON 
THt o6NTURVS 
Gfl€ftT o/ENTS 
RNDP6oPL6 

THOMAS RCMCMBCRS ll 
7:oo SOTURDAVS 
CHANNEL 9 €B8*Sr~ 

Local acquisition made possible by a grant from The 
Ewing Mal tell 
Foundation. 

Oral Roberts tells about the accident that almost took his life 

 this Sunday 
KSAT-TV 
Ch. 12 
9:oo PM 
Oral Roberts 8 You 

The Aces 
On Bridge 
By IRA G. CORN JR.___ 

If the baboon cannot reach the banana, he says it is not ripe. - African proverb. 
Roger Bates of Las Vegas w as in reach of all the bananas in his play of today's tricky game. And after a nifty bit of counting, not a ripe one slipped away. 
, 
North used the Flannery c o n v e n t i o n to s h o w a minimum opening with four spades and five hearts, a hand pattern that proves awkward in any standard bidding system. East’s double showed a diamond suit and 
South (Bates) ended the bid­ ding by his jump to game. 
West started with the dia­ mond king and the second trick went to East’s ace. East shifted to a club and declarer won the ace. 
A spade was led to dum­ my’s queen and East won the king for the defender’s third trick. East now returned a spade and West’s jack went to dummy’s ace. Dummy’s spade three was ruffed by d e c la r e r ’s heart ten and wh e n 
Wes t d i s c a r d e d , declarer had a good idea of 
East's distribution (after win­ ning the spade king. East had an easy exit of a heart or a club if he held either). 
So declarer led the heart seven intending to let it ride had West not covered Had 
West played low, the heart seven would win. the club king would be cashed and a low club ruffed with dum­ my's heart six. Dummy’s last spade would be ruffed with declarer's trump ace and dummy's high trumps would score the remaining tricks. 
In a c t u a l pl ay. West covered the heart seven with the eight and the jack was won in dummy A club was led to declarer's king and a low club was rutted with 

A 98 
WEST 
4 J 6 f 9 8 5 4 3 
♦ K 3 
♦ Q J 52 

NORTH 
♦ A Q IO 3 
9 K Q J 6 2 
♦ 72 

1/8-A 

EAST 
4 K 9 8 5 2 v .... 
4 A Q IO 9 8 6 5 
♦ IO 
SOUTH 
♦ 74 
? A 1o 7 
♦ J 4 
A A K 764 3 

Vulnerable: Both, Dealer. 
West, The bidding: 

West North East 
South 
Pass 
24 
Dbl 
4* 
Pass 
Pass 
Pass 
Opening lead: King of dia­ monds. 

 dummy;s trump deuce Next, dummy's high spade was 

 ruffed with declarer’s trump ace as West underruffed helplessly. With the lead in the South hand, dummy’s K- 
Q-6 of hearts encircled West's 
9 5-4 and dummy had no trouble scoring the last three tricks. 
_____________ 

Bid W ith Corn 
South holds: 

♦ AQ 1o3 
I B B f K Q J 6 2 
♦ 7 2 
+ 9 8 

South 
North 
I T 
I O 

Answer: Two spades 
Do not let the excellent spade holding lead you to an over­ bid of three spades. This is still a minimum opening and a single raise is quite enough. 

YOU CAN LOSE 
2o POUNDS 
IN 
8 SHORT 
WEEKS! 

RIST FOLLOW 
JOSEPHINE LOWMAN’S 
BEAUTY 
IMPROVEMENT PUN 
STARTING SUNDAY 
IN THE EXPRESS-NEWS 

Thousands of women have proven it by following this diet plan ... you can shed 2o pounds easily! The series provides menus and an ad­ vance grocery shopping list of low-calorie foods. There are illustrated exercises concentrating on different problem areas. 

Join those who have follow­ ed the BEAUTY IMPROVE­ 
MENT 
PLAN succes ly and are healthier for it! 

Starts Sunday in the Express-News 
Continues Daily in the News 

Dillards 

SATURDAY LAST DAY 

 men's P.V.C. and P.U. 

 jackets sale priced! 

14.99 

 save 4o% on famous 

 label sweaters now! 
1o.79-29.99 

 special on bikinis, 

 briefs in Enkalure® 
99* 

Save on pairs of Enkalure" nylon tricot bikinis and briefs. Both have cotton lined crotch, elastic waist and leg. Assorted pastels. 

Daywear 

 enjoy swivel rocker 

 comfort and save $2o 
$229 

Reg. $249, rocker with hand­ somely tufted back, loose cushion styling, plus swivel convenience. 
Red, green, gold or beige velvet. 

Furniture 

7.o1-15.o1 savings on 

 men's sport shirts 
9.99 

Reg. $17-$25, smart patterns in 
1oo% polyesters, blends by a famous name. Long sleeve styles; great color selection; S thru XL. 

M en s Sportswear 

Cuban exile leader i slain 

COMPILED PROM WIRE SERVICES 

MIAMI — Juan Jose 
P cruyero, who took part in the Bay of Pigs invasion and later be­ came a leader of Mia- m i’S anti-Castro Cuban exiles, was assassinat­ ed Friday as he left his home. 
Police said Peruyero, in his mid 4os, was sunned down by two men who ap­ parently had been waiting for him to step outside. He died about two hours later at Jackson Memorial Ho­ spital. 
No arrests were made, but police searched for two 
Latin men seen in the area by witnesses. 
A friend. Raymond Mo­ lina. claimed the shooting was “ another Castro exe­ cution. Castro’s executing those opposed to commun­ ism and to his regime.” 

D ebris from lanker found 

BOSTON - The Coast 
Guard found two life jack­ ets and other debris from the missing oil tanker 
Grand Zenith, indicating that the vessel has sunk, a spokesman said. There was no sign of any of the tanker’s .‘18 crewmen. 
The tanker carried a 
Chinese crew from Taiwan and eight million gallons of heavy oil. The captain. T K. 
Tsou, has 3o years exper­ ience at sea. i. 
Chicago D em os 
Maul fund tally 

CHICAGO — Two inde­ pendent Democrats are demanding a full account­ ing of party funds that re­ mains seeret 18 days after 
Mayor Richard J. Daley’s death. 
It would be the first full disclosure of the Chicago 
Democratic organization's tightly guarded finances since Daley took over the purse strings 23 years ago. 

Rum sfeld calls 
Sparrow ready 

W ASHIN GTO N - De­ fense Secretary Donald 
Rumsfeld told Congress that the controversial 
Sparrow 
111 air-to-air missile is combat-ready, even though it failed to meet all requirements. 

HHH to gel m ore therapy 

W ASHINGTO N 
- 
Former Vice President Hu­ bert ll. Humphrey will get his fourth treatment this weekend as one of the pa­ tients iii a pilot program to use powerful chemicals to keep bladder cancer from recurring. 
“ We are hoping and be­ lieve he is cured,” Dr. W il­ let F. Whitmore. Humph­ rey's surgeon, said in New 
York Friday. "But in the ex cut there is any residual dancer, we nope the che­ motherapy will shrink it. 

I .S. demand* 
Soviets pay bill 

W ASHINGTON - The 
Soviet Union’s refusal to pay its share of the cost for the U.N. Middle Fast pea­ cekeeping force is illegal, the 
State 
Department charged. 
Spokesman Robert Fun- 
Seth said, “ We believe other members are 
Obligated to pay their as­ sessed contribution under a 
«tieneral Assembly resolu­ tion.” 
• 
________ 

 now I /3 to 1/2 off on 

 dresses, pantsuits 
24.99-92.99 

Reg. $38 to $142 on 2 and 3- pc. pantsuits, street length and long dresses; cottons, polyesters, wools, blends. Don't miss these! 

Dresses 

 save 1o.o1 on 3-pc. 

 half-size pantsuits 
21.99 

Compare at $32, polyester knits with shirts, shells, pull-on pants. Many styles; blue, yellow, navy, coral or green; 14V2-22V2. 

Half Size Dresses 

 save 6.o1! maternity, 

 easy-care, knit tops 
9.99 

Reg. $16, pick this clever cotton knit top to go with pants, skirts. 
Calico arrow applique points to 
"baby/' Red, blue, green, S,M,L. 

Maternity 

 better apparel now 

 at timely savings 

V3-V2 off 

VS off— req. $8o to $21o ... 
69.99 to 139.99, many fa ­ brics. VS off, reg. $7o to $1oo ... 
$34 to 49.99 many styles; 6-18. 

Dresses 

Ekco stainless steel 

 cookware— $26 off! 
69.99 ’ST 

Open stock value ... 96.7o. 
Ekco stainless steel, triple wall constructed cookware. Radiant heat core for even cooking. 

Housewares 

27" Haitian cotton 

 pillows, 9.o1 savings 
14.99 

Reg. $24, the perfect additional seating place, Brentwood's 27" floor pillow in exotic heather or white. Hurry, limited quantity. 

Draperies 

1.o1 off each, French 

 stemware, 3 patterns 
2.99 

Reg. $4 ea., in champagne, wine, water sizes. J.G . Durand's genuine lead crystal "Diamond," 
"Versailles," "Chaumont". 

Glassware 

 save $1o on 7o-piece 

 stainless flatware 
19.99 

Reg. 29.99. Eight ea. dinner knives, forks, soup and iced tea­ spoons, salad and cocktail forks, 
16 teaspoons, 6 serving pieces. 

Housewares 

25" Magnavox color 

 console, now $62 off 
$568 

Reg. 629.95, 1oo% solid state television features automatic fine tuning. M editerranean styling gives fine furniture cabinetry. 

Television 

SHOP DILLARD'S CENTRAL PARK, WINDSOR PARK, MILITARY PLAZA IO A.M. 'TIL 9 P.M. 

CONVERSATIONAL 

ENGLISH, FRENCH, 
GERMAN AND 
SPANISH 

CLASSES AND 
TUTORING 

For more information 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Saturday January 8 1977 

Save 5o% and more! A varied selection of styles by this famous maker assures you of comfort and fit. Choice of lengths in zipper or button front. P.U. and P.V.C. jackets are tailored with smart yoke and pocket detail. Early shopper save on choice of colors in S,M,L,XL. 

M en s Sportswear 

Compare at $18.5o. Replenish your wardrobe layered look with great styles in pullovers, V, round or boat neck, or col­ lared. Choose cardigans with multi-button or zip front, self belts, cuffs. 1oo% acrylic or blends in solid colors, combina­ tions. In sizes S,M,L,XL. 

Famous Label Sportswear 

3 4 2 -3566 

O ffice hour * i 9-4 

January 8 1977 

THE SATURDAY 
EXPRESS-NEWS 
EDITORIALS 

Rupert Murdoch 

Choirman 

W illiam J. Reddell 

Editor of Editorial Page 
George Carmack 
Associate Editor 

Charles O . Kilpatrick 

Editor and Publisher 

Fane I. Burt 

M ana gin g Editor 

City’s fiscal policy for the long term 

San Antonians pay 11.1 per cent of their city budget funds for b o rro w in g debt. T h a t is about the same percentage as 
American taxpayers dig up to service the national debt. 
Credit is a service all of us use and it s e rv e s well when excesses are avoided. 
But San Antonians pay a bit more than others because the 
City of San Antonio has its fis­ cal year on backwards. The c i­ ty collects its taxes at the year end. It is the only m ajor city — and likely the only city of any size — to do that. 
City 
Council has asked voters for permission to turn it around. That proposal is on next Saturday’s ballot. 
T h e r e will be d e t a ils to work out. Funding a 17-month budget year in order to make the turn-around so that funds are collected before they are spent may have to be done in stages. But the property tax, of existing revenue sources, ap­ pears the likely place to put the c a t c h - u p bite. A bond issu e could do it, too, but that would likely cost much more. 
Since savings is one reason to m a k e the c h a n g e , we s h o u ld n ’t buy the c o s t l i e r package. 
P l a n n e r s should t a k e the trend another step ahead. 

San Antonio is o b lig a te d under p r e s e n t bond d e b ts through the year 2ooo. Until 
1986, debt s e r v i c e c o sts run above $1o million a year. This year the payment on principal and interest will be $13,6o1,652. 
Next year the tab will be a little over $14 million and continue downward, going u nd er $1o m illion a f t e r the 
1985 installment 
If pay-as-you-go is good for the general fund it should have som e b en efits for lo n g -term spending. Capital funds are in­ vested in permanent facilities and it is logical to spread some of the load to future taxpayers who will use them. 
But it m a k e s sense to a c ­ quire a capital funds account over the years, an endowment that earns money. Things paid for with loans with 2o or 3o year pav-out term s cost about twice as much as things paid with cash or shorter-term loans. 
To do that is politically dif­ ficult. Indeed, the city charter would have to be changed to allow it. Charter term s call for using surplus funds to retire debt or cut taxes. 
But while council figu res how to turn the tax y ea r a r ­ ound, they should e n t e r t a in proposals along the sam e lines for borrowing. 
Soft-w orded resolution asks legislature to repair dam age 

The sick-leave fuss laid on 
City Hall by tilt* last legislative session has to be resolved at the next session. 

Now that the scope of the p r o b l e m it c a u s e d is b ein g m a d e a p p a r e n t to all c o n ­ cerned — including the people who pay the taxes — only the d etails rem a in to be worked out. 

So City Council's resolution, adopted Thursday, was a soft word instead of a tough one sent to the legislative delega­ tion from Bexar. 

Last year’s budget included a caution to City Council that nobody knew what financial liability the law imposed upon the city under the unlimited sick-leave plan. The budget al­ lowed $2oo,ooo. The liability turned out to be, for that year, about three times that amount 
— and rising. 

A v a lu a b le lesson can e m e r g e from the e x p e rie n c e that produced the law. First, there was in effectiv e liaison between council and l e g is l a ­ tors. Then there was bad r e ­ search and the faulty con clu ­ sions reached from it. Council and at least so m e of the legislators were caught in the trap, though the principle of unlimited sick-leave accrual is an unsupportable part of job benefits, anyway. 
The soft-worded resolution was designed to acknowledge that legislators did more m is­ c h ief than they rea liz ed because they were told that the law would save money for the city and solve a staffing prob­ lem for two city departments. 
Now they know better and will correct tin* flaw because they should -— and because failure to do so is a p olitical tim e bomb for them. 
New form ula for speed traps 

Hep. B en n ie B o c k of New 
Braunfels may have a winning f o r m u l a for t r e a t i n g speed traps. 
Bock has taken on the Sel­ m a police, whose speed traps on 111-35 near New B rau nfels had been an important source of S e lm a city funds. His new idea, included in a proposal he has filed for legislative con- 

Barbarism is back 

Sir: To televise the com ing execu­ tion is unthinkable. 
Not too long ago in England and over Europe, executions were public and the mob began gathering the night before and fought for the best places for a good view. 
Som etim es there was a bonus of a fight and maybe a death among the watchers. Of course, it was more amusing if it were a Raleigh or an 
Essex, but even a poor farm er who had had a bad year and could not pay his rent. a pig and two sacks of po­ tatoes. would furnish a good sp ecta­ cle until so m e th in g b e tte r c a m e along. 
The big thrill cam e after the hang­ ing when they were drawn and quar­ tered. In early Rome the gladiators walked to certain death in tin' arena. 
Thum bs up? Thum bs down. Why not build a grandstand and sell seats? 
Art* these the days of Elizabeth I or the late 2oth century? 
Edna Hohan 
Dismayed by council action 

Sir. I, too. was dismayed, as was 
VV. ll. McOhesneg (Letters. Dec. 31). that City Council passed a resolution against the selling of a South Africa gold coin. i.e. F re e Enterprise. Why not a resolution against giant U.S. co rp o ra tio n s m a n u fa c tu rin g th e ir products in foreign countries at slave wages and selling them in the U.S. at sky high prices? 
Banning tin* South Africa gold coin sales ; denies Hie U S seller his profit as does selling U.S. foreign made products denies the U S laborer his wages. City Council recognizes the problem of the high ut Hit > costs fur the poor and elderly yet hacks the attempt ta move federal offices and waste the tax payers money. They didn t pass a resolution condemning the waste of millions to investigate the Kennedy and King assassinations while San Antonians go lo bed cold and hungry. T h ey c erta in ly have misguided priorities. 
Incidently, your headline story on 
C arter's hiring freeze was downright comical. The space wasted printing it could have been used for a profitable advertisem ent 
The idea behind a freeze is like saying you made money because a certain stock dropped and you didn t own any of it. 
Leonard Dallas 

 program m ingtr 

 sideration, is to put limits on fines and require towns that use state highways as speed traps to split the fines with the state for highway uses. 

Bock said purpose of his bill is to assure greater uniformity in fines for speed ing and to help the highway fund, He has a good point. 

TO THE EDITOR 

 le tte r* to tt»i* new spaper .boutel be *hort end they m ust be signed. Initial* only will be used ot w riter * request. Correct address ond telep h on e num ber for identification of letter* are n eed ed . L etter* will be e d ited for length, g oo d ta s te ond leg al re a so n s. 
Address le tte rs to the editor. P.O Boe 7 1 7 1 , San 
A n to n io , TX 7 B 7 9 7 . 

 m arks made by the cast of “ One Day 
At A T im e ." I'm tired of the violence, the foul lan gu age, the double r e ­ m ark s, the sexual o vertones that invade our homes in the evening. I don't think that I’m alone. If this is true, we need to voice our opinion. I really think that television producers would like to know our views and it is high tim e we offered them. 
It seem s to m e that if television is to he a service to our com munity, the viewers should reg ister their re a c­ tions to current program s. My reac­ tion to this program should he ob­ vious by now , but in ease my point is m issed, the producers of this pro­ gram owe an apology to its viewers. 
Homes should not be subjected to such material. It would seem that the art of how to edit has been lost by tin* producers. lf there are others that would like* to join me in a letter of com plaint, the address is: “ One Day At A T im e .” 
C BS Television City, TSOU Beverly 
Blvd. Los Angeles, California 99o36. 
Mark your letter to the attention of 
Mr. Ed W einberger or M r Stan Dan­ iels, Producers. 
Robert F . Cullum TH D. 
Sinkiii aquifer position praised 

Sir Hail to the judgm ent of Lanny 
Sinkm in his letter ( Ja n 5) concern­ ing the referendum on the protection of the recharge zone of the Edwards aquifer 
S in k in ’s carefully planned approach to d evelopm ent over tho reenlarge zone whereby “ necessary 
Berry’s 
World 

 s tu d ie s a r e c o m p le te d , p o lic ie s adopted and reg u latio n s in p la c e ” before development occu rs is truly the only lo g ic a l a p p r o a c h to th is problem. 
Tin* stalem ate which has occurred over this controversy is evidence of the need for coordinated planning by the m an y g o v e r n m e n ta l a g e n c ie s which relate to I hi* grow th and deve­ lopment policies of San Antonio and surrounding areas. 
Such coordinated planning will ul­ tim a tely lead to a solution that is equitable to both the landowners over 
Hie re ch a rg e zone and the gen eral public. 
Bill Richardson 
He hopes judgment will govern probe 

Sir: T akin g another look at the 
Kennedy and King assassinations is one thing, but to spend $6.5-million the first year is quite another. It seem s the D.C. lawyers are going to lay it on them. On the other hand our politicians are running around with a blank check on our pocketbook, with a quacky belief that a high price tag lends prestige. 
A couple or so years ago, a group of yokels in California fed Henry B. 
(Gonzalez) a bunch of hogwash which he swallowed hook, line and sinker — mainly they said what he wanted to hear. 
We hope better judgment is exer­ cised in this case so they do not waste barrels of taxpayers’ money on non­ sense 
E R. Heinrich 

Is there a need for description 

Sir: E .T . ’s letter raises this ques­ tion Why does this person want a full description of letter writers who sign their nam es? Is he or she of the opinion th at th ey a r e u s in g a pseudonym? Or is this person trying to compile a “ Who’s who” of ‘ Let­ ters to the Editor” writers? 
Penna J A L Finley 

TV 
It it - n e w low 

Sir: Enough is enough 
T h e p ro g ra m “ One Day At A 
T im e ” hit a new low i i i television program presentation. T he Ja il. 4 program was a vicious atta ck on 
Christianity and The Christ. 
We live in a day where the sacred is becoming a point of ridicule. A more serious crim e is being com mitted; 
Uh* crim e is viewer apathy. This apathy has caused us to condone, by our silence, the vile and ruthless attem pts of an agnostic society to destroy all that is worthwhile. 
T Ih* em barrassed laughter and si­ lence is becoming a loud death knell 
We can not continue this approach to life and the pursuit of happiness. Ev ii is not the way to live. It is tim e that we stop looking the other way and play like we don’t hear the slam s and insulting rem arks. 
I ani a Christian. I do believe in 
Je su s Christ and I was offended by the cau stic, inane and vicious re* 
“ lie’s just a teen-ager. I think my wife inadvertently put grow lights for her plants in his room .” 
Brown lacks war know-how 

WASHINGTON — Jim in y 
C a r t e r ’s c h o ic e of Harold 
Brown a s tin* next secretary of defense brings back to tin* 
Pentagon a M c N am a ra -c ra apparatchik who knows all there is to know about nuclear physics and theoretical wea­ pons technology arid m anage­ ment in the abstract — and not much about war. 
T h is is the gloom y view of old 
P e n ta g o n h an d s who r e m e m b e r 
Brown IO years ago as the abrupt, a b r a s iv e , e v e n tu a lly a r r o g a n t 
33-year-old "whiz kid” who, as dir­ ector of defense research and en* gitteentig, third highest defense of­ ficial under M cN am ara, earned Ills nicknam e of " D r . No” by slapping down generals and adm irals unwise enough to oppose Brow u s theories with some of the intractable practi­ calities of war, 
“ It is B ro w n ’s belief — no, his conviction," said an officer who re­ c a l l s him during h is e ig h t-y e a r tour. “ that anything that eun’t be scientifically quantified isn t worth 

 taking into consideration.” 
“ Ile thinks technology can solve a n y th in g ," said an oth er g en era l, 
“ no m atter whether the solution is ans use to the man on the battlefield or not.” 
Harold Brown graduated with top honors and Phi Beta Kappa from 
Columbia University at age 17. At 
21. he won a doctorate with distinc­ tion in nuclear physics. 
The first scientist and technocrat to bicorne secretary of defense. Dr. 
Brown brings a som ew hat mixed track-record to his job 

His record 

Past policies and p ro jects with which h«* has been associated in­ clude several nam es of ill omen; 
• One of the McNamara regim e's costliest failures, the T F X all-ser­ vice fighter, the (lying Ed st*) which spun in on its innumerable im prac­ ticalities. was Brow n’s adam antly defended idea 
• 
The so-called "to ta l package procurement” concept under which the costs of warships and especially the t ’5*A transport aircraft soared astronomically in tho late Binits was 

Col. 
Robert D. 
Heinl Jr. 

 a n o th er of Dr. B ro w n ’s m a n a g e ­ ment innovations. 
• The suicidal theory of "m u tu al assured d eterren ce,” under which 
Hie United States voluntarily relin­ quished strategic’ nuc lear superior­ ly to Russia found Brown among its advocates. 
• 
T he " M c N a m a r a L in e ” — a mult ibi I lio n -d ollar Viet n am * w ar sensor harrier along the D M / that- r e g is te re d w a te r b u ffa lo hut a l­ low cd Hanoi’s regiments to march through — — has also been a sso ­ ciated with Brown’s era and philo­ sophy* 

Going behind this somewhat con­ troversial past performance (which likewise included original sponsor­ ship of the B l s u p c r b o m b e r ). a 
In e v ita b le q u e stio n a r i s e s us to 

 wheftier this brilliant, self assured te c h n o c r a t is th e m a n th e administration ami the Defense De­ partment really need today. 

At this tim e, for exam ple, under the nuclear um brella, conventional weapons and conventional, gener­ al-purpose forces (w hich account for over two-thirds of the defense budget) require more of a defense s e c r e ta r y ’s attention than the by­ zantine intricacies of nuclear theory which are Brown’s forte. 

R ebuilding a Navy which, with 
Harold Brow n at his side. Robert S. 
M cNamara allowed to run down. is the m ost p r e s s in g p ro b le m that confronts a new defense secretary. 
Y et B ro w n is r e m e m b e r e d as having bt*en anything but sympath­ etic to the claim s of the Navy, to naval weapons luther than the Po­ laris m issile), and to the national requirement for a blue-water, m a r­ itime strateg y . 
In th e se d a y s of a ll-v o lu n te e r forces, leadership and k»*en sensiti- city to the human side of national defense are prim e n ecessities for the top man in the Pentagon 
But officers who served under Dr, 

Brown during his lour as secretary of the air force (1965-1969) recall him as seem ingly oblivious ( dis­ d a in fu l.’ ’ re c a lle d a g e n e r a l > of people in uniform. 

Attitude 
This. to be sure, was the civilian style of the Kennedy*Johnson days toward the military. Being rude to generals and adm irals proved and demonstrated the dogma of civilian supremacy. 

T h e fin a l q u e s t io n - m a r k th at h o v e rs over 
H arold 
B ro w n is whether his obsession with quanti­ fication and technology will blind him to the larger politico-military* s t r a t e g i c view of w orld a f f a i r s which his office more than ever de- mauds and which, iii their different ways. both ins predecessors, Ja m e s 
R. Sch lesin ger and Donald Rums- fleld, have demonstrated. 

Probably the most reassuring answer is that there will be at leas! one man with an office in the White 
H ouse who w ill s e e P r e s id e n t 
C a r te r , one on o n e , m a n y m o re times than Dr Brown. His name is 
Ja m e s R. Schlesinger. 

' Next month well introduce you to the "Belle o f WaBhinatbn. 
In fact fVeue 
Comes th e little M in a > 
Problem of aliens goes to 
Carter 

WASHINGTON - President 
Ford's ski-slope invitation to 
Puerto Rico to become the 51st 
State was the most sudden and surprising notion he has had s in c e he lib e r a te d E a s t e r n 
Europe from the Soviet Union, but it has certain possible ad­ vantages. 
It could, but probably won’t, make 
W ashington think ag a in about its immigration policy, which is a m ess; abou t the C a r ib b e a n is la n d s in general, which arc beautiful jungles of economic and racial tension; and about tin* awkward and even a la rm ­ ing econom ic, social and stra te g ic problems of our relations with Mexi­ co and Panama. All this and Cuba too is some challenge! 
Tho main fact about the movement of people into the Continental United 
States is that it is out of control. 
E a c h y e a r , m o r e ille g a l a lie n s com e into the United States, and re­ main here. than legal aliens. Even the official figures and estim ates are staggering. 
Illegal aliens 
T h e Im m igration and N aturaliza­ tion S e rv ice of the D e p a rtm e n t of 
Ju stice estim ates that there are now between six and eight million illegal aliens residing perm anently in the 
United States — roughly as many as the total n u m ber of unemployed in the nation at the beginning of 1977. 
These are estim ates, but there are some hard facts. 
In fiscal year 1975, 655,814 illegal aliens were arrested and deported without formal hearings, and 23,438 w ere d ep o rted a f t e r .jud icial p ro ­ ceedings, most of the from Mexico. 
But this is a revolv ing door. The las­ ter they are deportered. the faster they return. 
M exico had a population of ju st fewer than 29 million in 1945. It now h as a population of m o re than 69 million, with an unemployment rate past 29 per cent and no effective un­ employment insurance. 
IOO million 
By official estim ates. M exico will have a population o f more than 199 million at the end of the c e n tu r y ------- form er President Echeverria told me he e x p e c te d the fig u r e would be nearer to 127 million — so this is an increasing problem, and there is no wall high enough along a 2.999-mile border that can prevent m igration from a poor country to a rich one. 
The movement of legal im m igrants is a different and m ore m anageable question. This is determined by Con­ gress. 
Congress established a quota sys­ tem which until 1965 followed the trend of im migration in the first half of this century — favoring applicants from Western and Eastern Europe. 
Since 1965, different quotas have been applied to Latin A m erica and 
Asia. and the offieial figures for fis­ cal 1975 indicate a dram atic shift in the human traffic from abroad. 
F o r e x a m p le, 62.ooo legal im m i­ g rants from Mexico in fiscal ‘75 — m o r e than th e total from B r ita in 
(12.999). G erm a n y (5.999), F r a n c e 
(2 .9 9 9 ), 
G r e e c e 
(1 9 .o 9 o ) . 
Italy 
( I I . (Mid), and Portugal (11.ooo). 
Iii th is s a m e y e a r , of th e total n u m b e r of le g a l i m m i g r a n t s — 
38H.194 — 31 .(NM) cam e from the Phi­ lippines, 28.9o9 from South Korea. 
14.(MHI from India, 9.99(1 from Taiwan. 
12.9o9 from Hung Kong, and 4,99o each from Ja p a n and Thailand. By c o m p a ris o n ; 11.999 from C a n a d a , 
25.999 from Cuba. 14.9oo from the 
Dominican Republic, and 1o,ooo from 
Jamaica. 
Suggestion 
President F o rd ’s suggestion of sta­ tehood for Puerto Rico did not affect this pattern. 
As citizens of the United S tates. 
Puerto Ricans have the sam e right of movement into the continental United 
States as the citizens of any state in^ the Union. 
But Ford ignored the larger ques­ tion that m ust be faced by P r e s i ­ d en t-e le ct C u rte r in d e fin in g th e economic and social problems of the future: 
How to d eal w ith the unemployment problems when there are more illegal aliens in the country than unemployed? 
How to analyze the effect on this nation of the shifting pattern of im ­ m ig r a tio n fro m E u ro p o to L atin , 
America and Asia? 
And maybe inure iinportaut, what? to do about a nation with uiiuccepta* bly high number of unemployed who! won’t do the country’s work, hut im-* ports or tolerates an arm y of illegal! servants to harvest its fruit and ve*| get ables and to serve its tables? 
This is not merely a problem of h ir in g a new c la s s of m a n u a l laborers, wailers, dishwashers, etc J to do the menial dog work of life in 
America, but even the m edical pro­ fession is relying on im m igrants to serve the hospitals of our great cities, and take jobs in the little com m u n­ ities of the nation that c a n ’t find 
A m erican doctors and interns who will stick to Hie lonely hut valiant service of village life. 
Can’t control 
Maybe we ca n ’t control the flow of illegal im m ig ra n ts into the United 
Stales. In fiscal 1975 alone, m ore than seven million nonimmigrant visitors cam e to the United States, and in a vast country it is almost impossible, to find many of them who com e as visitors but rem a in and are given jobs by employers who evade the law for convenience, or don’t know what! the law is. 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Saturday January 8 1977 

Just a man trying to do his job 

The average American Joe md Jane have some hard-set 
'efinitions of pornography and 
Heliography dealers. 
Pornography is perverse exual sm ut. 
D ealers, of 
•nurse, are deviants who get their thrills by enticing the young and weak into sin. 
P o r n o dealers, quite frankly, have their n u n way of looking ut the si­ tuation: ‘i f they don't want to see it. they don't have to walk in the door." says Matt Mattingly, the m a n a g e r of an adult bookst ore and peep show a r c a d e on E a s t H ouston S tr e e t in downtown San Antonio. 
That sign out there — " I f seeing parts of the nude body offends you, do not e n t e r " — is f a i r w a r n i n g , he contends. 
What’s more, says the 26-year-old 
Vietnam veteran, the racy, sex films, magazines and devices lie sells are good for society. 

Safety valve 

He says his stock serves as a safety valve. 

 i f a mail can get his k ic k s by fantasizing over something like this. he's less likely to go out and attack somebody," Mattingly explains. 

This U'orld has so m any pressures, t here has to be a fantasy world. 
Spotlight 
St 
Vickie 
Davidson 

 lf they don't want to see it. they don't hare lo walk in the d o o r.'_________ 

The same thing, he says, is true for w om en, who m a k e up SS to 41) per cent of his business these days. 

"I grew up as an Army brat, and 
I've been in lots of co un tries. I’ve seen w hat r e p r e s s i o n d o e s . " sa y s 
M a t t i n g l y f r o m b e h in d th e g l a s s counter of his shop where he inter- mittenlv interrupts the conversation to h e lp his s t e a d y s t r e a m of customers. 

Most of the c u s t o m e rs that a fte r­ noon a r e m e n . 
C l e a n - c u t a n d well-dressed. Some want to c h a n g e 

 dollars into quart ers so they can see the peep shows in th e back. Some want to pay for one of the see-through sealed magazines they've picked up from the racks that line the walls. 

" T h e re s a much higher incidence of sex crim es in countries where this stuff is not a v a i l a b l e , " M a ttin g ly c o n tin ue s, w a lk in g buck fr om the- cash register. 

He pulls out another cigarette from his gold case. The overweight m an with disheveled reddish hair and black frame glasses chain smokes. 

Own ideas 

" L e t ’s face it. We all have our own ideas — our own little red wagons about sex." 

Mattingly doesn't a g re e with the 
Joe and Ja n e who say the material in his shop is sick and perverted 

“ We carr y quote, unquote norm al sex and fetish stuff." 

By that Mattingly says he m eans a selection of heterosexual m a terials . 

 h o m o s e x u a l m a t e r i a l s a n d s o m e bondage and domination magazines. 

Bondage and domination? Are you talking about sexual sadism ? No. he says. that stuff g a th e r s dust. M a t­ tingly says people just like the s y m ­ bolic type things on bondage and do- initiation P ure fantasy. 

Fantasy 

"That s what we sell here — fan­ tasy," says Mattingly, emphasizing his statement with a d ra m a tic m i d ­ air wave of his hand. 

" T h i s w o rld h a s so m a n y p r e s ­ s u r e s 
There h a s to be a f a n t a s y world People need a fantasy world where life can be the way they want it to be. 

"Now me. I read this," says Mat­ tingly putting down a cigarette and picking up a scien ce fiction book. 
"This is my escape." 

Science fiction is the keystone of 
Mattingly's fantasy world — the lur­ id. glossy sex magazines around him 

 are as everyday as a cup of coffee. He com par es his job as a porno dealer to that of a grocery clerk. "I .hist put the stuff on the shelves.” 
View 

T h e re a r e n ’t m a n y people w h o ’d s h a r e t h a t view w ith h i m . Y o u r a v e r a g e J o e a n d J a n e s e e p o rn o shops not only as gathering (daces for d e v ia n t s , but also as places with un­ derworld connections. 
Mattingly doesn't a g r e e with either charge. 
He claims the porno trade used to be run by organized crim e and would be run by the underworld again if it were locked out of the open market. 
"T h ese books we sell for $4 now — they’d be sold for $1(1 or $15 if they were outlawed . . . any tim e you make a n y t h i n g il le gal, o r g a n i z e d c r i m e comes iii." 
F u r t h e r more, says Mat tin cly. he allows no meetings, no loitering and no sexual activity i ii his store, " l f I catch anyone (in any kind of sexual a c tiv ity ), I throw th e m out of the shop. and they're not allowed back ." 
“ All we're trying to do here is pro­ vide something people very obviously w an t." Mattingly continues sounding like someone tired of being harassed. 
"T he only thing I’m interested i ii is making my weekly paycheck without every body in th e world telling me what to do.” 

MATT M ATTINGLY 
. . . selling fan tasy 
Coffee prices worldwide in steep increase 

ASSOCIATED PRESS 
Coffee price s have d ou­ bled or m o r e in m a n y co un tries d u ri n g the past year, and despite dropping c o n s u m p t i o n in some* areas, a lop coffee expert says prices should continue r i s i n g for the next two years. 
"C o ffe e q u o ta t io n s a re r e g u l a t e d by the law of supply and demand. ’ said 
(ii I berm Arango Loudoun, president of the Colombian 
Coffee E x p o rte r s Associa­ tion "Hight now the supply is scarce ” 
Iii C o lo m b ia , now the world s largest pro ducer, the p ric e for a pound of coffee has doubled to $1 iii the past six months. In the 
Crated States it has lumped from $1 25 to more than $3 a pound over the past year. 
Disasters 
Coffee producers say the supply has been reduced by disasters in col fee-growing countries — including frost in Brazil, civil war in An­ gola. an e a r t h q u a k e in 
G u a t e m a l a , flo o d s in 
Colombia and Mexico and a drought in the Ivory Coast in western Africa. 
Brazil w a s the w o r l d ' s largest entice producer un­ til a frost in July 1875 des­ troy ed 7(1 per c e n t of its c ro p of n e a r l y 3 billion pounds, or about 4(1 per cent of the normal world supply for one year. 
The price in Brazil has gone from HI cents a pound lo $1 HH. and I rom $1 14 to 
$2.61 for eight ounces ot in­ stant c o ff e e 
In M exico, which produced 323 million pounds last year. the cost to the housewife rose from 75 cents to $2 iii the p a s t two years. 
Hitting respires 

Some producers are dip­ ping into their reserves to meet the world demand of some 6.36 billion pounds a year. 
A private col lee a ss o cia ­ tion in Bio de Janeiro said 
Brazil s annual coffee con­ sumption was down to 762 million pounds I rom 1.o3 

 billion pounds a few years ago. 
A m a j o r d i s t r i b u t o r in 
A rg e n ti n a , w h e r e p r i c e s are up to $4.54 from $1.81 a pound, said “ We are losing lots of money because of the decline in consumption " 
A survey of 2oo lambies by the Dutch C o n s u m e r s 
Association found that peo- 

 j»Ie iii the N e t h e r l a n d s changed their coffee habits as the priee rose from $2 12 to $5 34 ,i pound L e ss than a third ol those surveyed said they ha d m a d e no change, while ll per cent s a i d they w e r e d r i n k i n g le ss col lee. 27 per cent said they were making it weaker and Jo per cent said they w e re b u y in g a c h e a p e r brand. 
Few heed calls 

But few c o u n t r i e s a r e heeding calls lirst made in the t inted Stales for an or­ ganized boycott to drive the price of col lee down 
In Israel, where the price ol a seven-ounce jar of in­ stant is up 38 lier cent to 
$3.63. the israeli Consumer 
Authority is campaigniong for a sw itch to tea 
Coffee is relatively cheap in S w itze rla nd at $2.23 a pound, bul id fie tuts said that w as b e c a u s e t h e c o u n tr y had a l a r g e stockpile, 

The p rice in the Soviet 
I n ion ha s r e m a i n e d at about $2.7(1 a pound since last y e a r , but i i i B ola nd coffee has cost about $8 a pound for the p u -t th r e e y e a rs In C zechoslo va kia the p rice has been going down slowly, front $8 is i i i 
1863 to $7.25 now. but is up 
2o lier cent i i i Yugoslav la to 
$5 a pound 

In 
W estern 
E u r o p e , p ric e s tor a pound ot coffee in the (tast year or two have gone up IroiH $3.18 to $4 4o in Austria, from ll >n to $3 

 iii Belgium; Iron) $1 75 to 
$3 >o in D e n m a r k ; fr o m 
$1.36 to $2.73 in E ra nee; from $1 72 to $3 43 in 
Sweden; and from $2.23 to 
$3 44 in W est Germany. 
Coffee drinking halt Ii as faults 

Bv DAVID MCLEMORE 
{J N ttS S NEW S M ID '' A l WRITER 

Oh boy, coffee drinkers, you thought you had it made. 
Overzealous South American coffee producers w er­ e n ’t going to nearly double the price of coffee and get away with it. You’d fight back with a boycott, you said. 
But you forgot the single most valuable lesson of the 
21) Century: you c a n ’t win 
For example, heavy coffee drinkers in San Antonio and elsewhere might contemplate the warnings of a 
New Haven. Conn . psychiatrist before turning in their 
CUjis. 
Dr. Julien Lieb, chief of psychiatry at the Yale-New 
Haven Hospital, warned a sudden halt iii caffeine intake might cause some caffeine fiends to suffer withdrawal symptoms 
The sym pto m s include headaches, irritability, leth­ argy and constipation, he added. Non-coffee drinkers with th ese s y m p t o m s need not fear. They a r e n ’t addicted to caffeine. 
Medical r e s e a r c h e r s at the University of Texas 
Health Science Cepter here a r e n ’t as convinced as Dr. 
Lcib that a threat of coldturkey withdrawal is that eminent. 
One UT researcher, a nutritionist, said she assum ed a heavy coffee drinker who stopped suddenly would have some effects of withdrawal 
“ But we c a n ’t really say to what d e g re e ," she said 
"U rn just not a w are of any su bsta ntia l scientific research on the subject," 
T h e UT r e s e a r c h e r su g g e s te d a coffee d r i n k e r concerned about facing life cold turkey could switch to other food products containing caffeine, such as tea, cola or chocolate to reduce the effect of withdrawal. 
Yes, but then the caffeine freak unable to break the habit wuuld then have to worry about all those calories in a pot of chocolate. 
As was said earlier, you c a n ’t win. 

Haridu £ 

ALL GRINDS 
HILLS BROS 
COFFEE 
POUND 

»• “*• • 1 jv* >**.•.**». 
^ SYP! 
HILLS pm 

Handy 
^ 
A 

U.S.D.A. CHOICE BEEF 
CHUCK 
ROAST 
POUND 

■A 
O'; i 
, 

PILAT 

'NO PURCHASE 
NECESSARY. 
DETAILS AT 
ALL STORES 

Morton 

Macaroni & Cheese 

MORTON’S ASS T 
FROZEN 
DINNERS 

PACKAGE. . . . 

12-O Z. NO RETURN BILS. 

BEER 
6 PACK 

VVHITfwiHGS 

AU-Purpo*o 
FLOUR 

C IA K * * ! Et l> IM A M 

ALL PURPOSE 
WHITE WINGS 
FLOUR 
5-LB. B A G .................... 

CALIFORNIA 
NAVEL 
ORANGES 
SIZE 72’S. . . . 
FOR 

HANDY ANDY LEMON 
MERINGUE 
PIE 

8-INCH SIZE . . . 

AD EFFECTIVE THRU 
SAT., JAN. 8 
STORE HOURS: 8:3o A .M .-9 P.M. 

FOLLOWING STORES CLOSE 
AT 8:oo P.M. 
MO J - 1 OOO IRIMRKRSRORC RO 
MO I — H S OMCIMMATI 
MO. IO—MO* I. HOM ) 
MO. I t - S T M BROADWAY 
MO. 1 4 - M U I ff. M ART S 
OHM WINO RT IO A M . TO A R A . (KURT 
S im i mo so ciMTt a i nm c lo u d so moat 

Wf WH COMI UKK) STAMPS 
WI RI it! V) (HI AWH! TO UMI! 
OOAM1ITUS MONI Soto TO DfAURS 

N ixon tape ban sought 

WASHINGTON (AP) - 
Attorneys for former P re­ sident R ichard M. Nixon asked the Suprem e Court 
Friday to bar release of the 
JO W hite 
House tapCvS played during the W ater­ gate cover-up trial of Nix­ on’s top advisers. 
The appeal asks the high 

 court to overturn a decision by the U.S. Circuit Court of 
Appeals in Washington that the tapes “ are no longer confidential” and can be released. 
Nixon’s appeal said the circuit court was wrong in deciding that a necessary consequence of the tapes 

 being played d u rin g the cover-up tria l was th e ir later “ exploitation.” 
Release of the tapes could 
“ place the subpoenaed m a­ te ria ls in the h ands of private parties to be broad­ cast on television, to be m arketed in the form of phonograph reco rd s and 
Murdoch takes over magazines 

NEW YORK TIMES SERVICE 
NEW YORK — Rupert 
Murdoch gained full con­ trol of the New York Ma­ gazine Com pany F rid a y after reaching an out-of- court settlement with (’lay 
S. Felker, president of the company. 
The settlem en t, under which Felker will resign as president and editor of the m a g az in e, w as reach ed after a hectic and often d ram atic series of m eet­ ings between various com­ binations of the principals and their lawyers. 
They worked through the night and until late Friday afternoon, when the agree­ ment was signed. 
The urgency to reach an agreement before a court hearing — scheduled for noon 
F rid a y and r e s ­ cheduled twice during the day — on Felker’s efforts to block Murdoch’s takeover, was matched only by the urgency of some of the m a­ gazines’ executives to see if they could put out next week’s issue of New York. 
Walkout 
On T h u rs d a y the stall had walked out to show its support for Felker and its opposition to Murdoch The work stoppage was timed to prevent publication of the issue, dated -Ian 17, w hich comes out Monday. 
Hut Murdoch and several other d irectors went p e r­ sonally to the magazine of­ fices at 755 Second Ave. late 
Thursday night and put out the magazine themselves. 
F e lk e r had m a d e the same attempt earlier in the day, but indicated that it could not be done. 
However, M urdoch and 

 the other directors pasted proofs — at one point Mur­ doch discovered th»> movie listings were for the wrong week and corrected them him self — and p re p a re d copy to go to the typeset­ ters. 
Their deadline was 6:3o a m. and they finished at 
6:2o — in time to catch the airplane Ut get everything to the printer in Buffalo on time. 
Agreement 
Meanwhile, the lawyers were working in their of­ fices and at times iii Mur­ doch’s Fifth Avenue apart­ ment to get the agreement drawn up. 
Under the agreement, IO co n trib u tin g ed ito rs will stay. 
It was not immediately clear who they were. 
Howard Squadron, M ur­ doch'a lawyer, said it was the intention of Murdoch to preserve the editorial inte­ grity of the publications of the com p an y , w hich a re 
New York, New West and the Village Voice. 
He said the m a n a g in g editors of the three publi­ cations would be offered two-year contracts and gi­ ven editorial control of tin' publications. 
Staff employes who wish to stay on will also be per­ mitted to do so. Squadron said 

M urdoch p u b lish es newspapers and magazines in Australia, Great Britain and the United States. 
His other American hold­ ings include the Post, New 
York City’s only afternoon daily newspaper, the week­ ly National S tar, several 
WORLD DIGEST 
Russia denies arms buildup 

COMPILED TROM WIRE SERVICES 
MOSCOW — The Soviet army newspaper Red Star 
Friday branded as untrue claims by President Ford that the Soviet Union has been building up its mili­ tary power over the last IO years. 
It said Ford must “ know well the truth, which is that the Soviet Union spends every year less and h*ss of its resources on defense while U.S. military expen­ diture grow (increasingly year by year.” 

P o rtu g al cu rb in g ri*<» of* fascism 

LISBON — P o rtu g a l’s socialist governm ent a n ­ nounced measures Friday to curb the revival of fas­ cism here less than three years after the overthrow of the right-wing dictatorship. 
A cabinet meeting decid­ ed to publish a Black book on F a sc ism “ to inform public opinion about the c rim e s , violences and abuses practiced for almost hall a century . . 

Philippine* m ay hall m ilitary tie* 

MANILA — P re sid e n t 
Ferdinand Marcos Friday warned that the Philippines m ay end its m ilita ry agreements with the United 
States. 
He also strongly denied 

RUPERT MURDOCH 
. . . controls publications 

 m a g az in es, and th e E x­ press and The News in San 
Antonio. 
Murdoch has been a resi­ dent of New York ( itv for the past three years. 

 cassettes, to be played at cocktail parties and in sa­ tiric productions, and to be exploited in any other fa­ sh io n ,” Nixon’s appeal said. 
Damaging 
It also said release of the tapes could prove dam ag­ ing to Watergate cover-up d efendants who are a p ­ pealing their convictions. 
In a 2-1 dec ision last Oc­ tober, the circ u it co u rt rejected argum ents by at­ torneys for the expresident that the tapes would invade 
Nixon’s privacy and prove embarrassing to him. 
“ The tapes at issue are not recordings of bedroom or other intimate conversa­ tions and the e m b a rra s s ­ ment Mr. Nixon fears is not republication of highly per­ sonal matters,” the circuit court ruled. 
Hied suit 
Several broadcast news organizations successfully filed suit to get the tapes, widely reported in the trial of John M itchell, ll. R. 
Haldeman, John Ehrlich- man, Robert Mardian and 
Kenneth Parkinson. 
If the tapes eventually are released, the public will learn what expletives were deleted and will be able to assess the tone and inflec­ tions of voice used by Nixon and his aides. 
On Nov. 29, the Supreme 
Court agreed to h ear a r ­ 

 guments in Nixon’s bid for control of all White House tapes and other records of his administration. 
The ju s tic e s said they would review the Presiden­ tial Materials and Record­ ings 
P re se rv a tio n 
Act passed by Congress in 1971. 
The legislation gives the 
General Services Adminis­ tration control over an estimated 42 million pages of documents and some 9oo reels of tape rec o rd in g s from the Nixon a d m in is ­ tration. 

 reported accusations by the 
U.S. State Department of to r tu r e of m a rtia l law prisoners!. 
Marcos said the question of w hether to allow the continued p re se n c e of 
American m ilitary bases was still under study. He said his' country must not consider the bases agree­ ment as well as the mutual defense pact and military assistance agreement with the U.S. as unbreakable. 

T a n k e r pollute* 

BREST, France — A So­ viet oil tanker was spotted cleaning out its storage tanks off th** Britannv coast near th** spot where another tanker went down. The So­ viet vessel, Likhoslavi, was caught in the aet by a 
French naval ship on anti- 
I collut loll duty. 

Chine*e radical* may fare death 

WASHINGTON - The first anniversary Saturday of Chou Eri-lai’s death is focusing attention in China on th** long, tumultuous ef­ fort by ra d ic a l lefts to overthrow him. 
One provincial broadcast said the four ra d ic a l leaders will Im* put on trial for it and perhaps even executed. 
A greem ent averts oil w orkers’ strike 

DENVER (AP; — A union representing 6o,oo4) oil in­ dustry employes reached agreement with Gull (iii Corp un a two-year contract Friday. The union’s president called off a threatened nationwide strike at midnight when con­ tracts with (Ether finns expired. 
A F. Grospiron, president of the Oil, Chemical and 
Atomic Workers International union, said he planned to use the Gulf agreement as a pattern in settling contracts with nearly HO other companies 
“ I do not intend to call a national strike on tJu* remain­ ing companies tonight,” he said, adding that negotiations with those other firms would continue. 
The agreement with Gulf provides a 9 per cent wage increase in the first year and an acryss-the-board 75 cents-perhour hike the second year. 
The av erag e union w o rk er e a rn ed $7.4U under the prev ious contract. 

Teen-ager found shot 
A te en -ag er w as found shot to death in an au to ­ mobile late Friday. 
Police identified the vic­ tim as Henry Pedraza, 18, of 522 Hazel Ave. 
He was found slumped in the driver’s seat of the ear parked on Quixote Walk in the San Juan Homes pro­ ject shortly after ll p.m., police reported. 
Pedraza was pronounced dead at Green Hospital at 
12:o5 a.rn. of a gunshot wound to the temple. 
Officers said the driver’s door was half open. 
The shooting was origin­ ally reported to EMS by an unidentified caller, police said. T he in cid en t w as under investigation early 
Saturday. 
Save on superb soSa-sleepers adda bedroom to your House without remodeling! 

A sofa-sleeper is a perfect w ay to beautify your home while 

 providing for your guests’ comfort. These sleepers are truly 

 as beautiful as they are functional. There are five distinctive 

 designs to choose from, all upholstered in lovely fabrics. 

Each opens to a queen size bed with com fortable mattress. Com e in today, 

 early shoppers will have the best 

 selection. Immediate delivery from stock. 

St \\W 
\\\\\\\ 
IMI tor-fl 

EXACTLY AS 
ILLUSTRATED 

Beautiful Early Am erican queen-size sofa-sleeper, green plaid upholstery, d* jm A 
^ rolled arms, wood accents. 
M 
Reg. $ 6 3 9 
SAVE $21o................“ 
4®i W • 

Af, jTP-f'T* 

 wnul-Ji J 

K l 

Attractive queen-size sofa-sleeper upholster­ ed in durable Herculon, loose pillow s, kick pleat skirt. 
Reg. $639. . . . 
^ / I 
O 
SAVE $21o.....................H T Jt m w rn 

Loose cushion traditional queen-size sofa-sleeper upholstered in delicately patterned floral. d» jm 
Reg. $68o. . . . 
^ £ L O 
O 
SAVE $181 
“ 
M 
M 
S 
TW- 
VT 

L\ A. ii 

 r$\ 
* 
^ 

Elegant queen-size sofa-sleeper, deep tufted back and arms, lovely yellow floral velvet, i t m 
Reg. $ 9 9 9 . . . . 
SAVE $37o..............V Jim W % 

Open Daily 1o-6 
Thurs. IO ’til */< , 
(Clo»«d Sunday) 

145o N.E. Loop 41o 

Tuxedo queen-size sofa-sleeper up­ holstered in contem porary earthtone flame stitch. 
Reg. $ 84 o . . . . 
SAVE $291.. . *549. 

USE OUR 
REVOLVING 
CHARGE 

'distinctive hom e furnishings 

 o f san antonio 
Phone 824-o575 

 reWsiSl SATURDAY SIZZLERS 

: Wards memory calculators figure 
’cents, square roots and more. git calculator 
Memory calculator 

Adds, subtracts, multi* plies, divides; % key with add-on, discount capabili­ ties. 
Floating decimal; automatic constant in X, 
Uses 2 “AA” batteries, extra. 
IO 
REG. LOV 

Adds, subtracts, m ult­ iplies, divides; 
% key pa figures add-ons and 
M £ discount*. 4-key memory. 
Floating decimal. Auto­ matic constant in X, 
2 
W PRICE “AA” batteries extra. 
REG. LOW PRICE 

A New Year with sentimental flavor 

 b o rate , g o ld -em b ro id e re d c h a rro hats, donkey-shaped pinatas and re­ p ro d u c tio n s of p re h is to ric A ztec idols: 
The shoeshine boys and the sellers of velvet paintings are still on the plaza — and the Obispado (Bishop’s 
Palace) still stands in all its ancient majesty. 
The colonial flavor that has always m ade M onterrey such a wonderful place still lives. 
Because we were pressed for time, 
Bonnie and I had to forego one of our cherished p le a su re s — driv in g to 
Monterrey. This time we flew — 5o minutes from San Antonio by Mexi- cana. 
And Mexico started the moment we stepped into that ticket line at the San 
Antonio airport. 
On the way down there was a break in the clouds and we got a fine view' of the Rio G rande. Falcon Lake was below us and we thought we saw' the street pattern of one of our favorite towns — old Sap Ysidro that lies on the'river at the point the lake begins. 
Favorite drive 
We rented a car and early on New 
Year’s Day we headed out on one of our favorite drives in all Mexico — on the old 
Pan 
American 
Highway through those little towns south of 
Monterrey. It is now Highway H5. 
Monterrey has grown a great deal to the south. There are new subdi­ visions and hundreds of houses. But in time we had left the city. 
Then we w ere in that beautiful valley. Many of you who have driven down that valley — possibly on your way to Horsetail Falls — know how pretty it is. 
The mountains are spectacular. To our left was the high, wooded ridge that runs south from the Saddleback 

THIS m ule-pow ered “ m oU enda” (mill) south of M onterrey is one of at least 2o on the old Pan Am erican H igh w ay. But su gar cane crushing is only part of its operation. 
In-the-shuck green corn and squash are boiled in beehive ovens for sale. 

 area. And off to the west w ere the rugged Sierra Madres. 
With the gray clouds around the broken peaks, the scene was that of an old. classic German painting of m o u n ta in s. O ccasio n ally the sun would break through a narrow open­ ing and make ail eerie picture of a bare, rocky bluff 
Valley floor beauty 

But the most moving beauty was around us on the \ alley floor. Before long, the lake was on our left. The water was low and on both sides of the lakes for miles the ducks were feeding. 
Most were our favorites, the little black coots. But often we spotted the 
•w hite of canvasbacks. 
But most beautiful of all were the orange groves. Not much picking had 
Age gives flavor to Monterrey w 

Much of Monterrey’s wonderful flavor comes front being an old. old town. 

Most histories say it was founded in 159S by Don Diego de Monteniayor who had a religious motive when he named it the “ Metropolitan ( tty of 
Our Lady of Monterrey." 

Others say he was polishing apples with 
Monterrey after the viceroy of New Spain, 
Acevedo — who was the Count of Monterrey. 

 a superior and named it 
Don Gaspar de Zuniga y 

But other histories say it is even older — that Spanish soldiers and priests founded it in ISM and named it “ Santa Lucia.” 

But all agree before the Spaniards came it was a much used gathering place for Indians. Saddleback Mountain was a landmark that made the chosen gathering place certain. 

 been done and m an y tre e s w ere loaded with fully ripe oranges — gol­ den balls against the green leaves. 
But the wonder of the day were the roadside stands all along the way. 
At how many places in the world would you fiiui old-fashioned sorgh­ um mills inst outside a metropolitan city of more than a million? th e re were a half-dozen or more of the "m o lie n d a s ” beside the road. 
These are the sorghum mills of Fast 
Texas and tin* Deep South of 5o or more years ago. 
Old-type press 
While these mills were using sugar cane and not the old-time sorghum cane, the press was the old type. 
The su g a r cane is fed en d -first through two upright revolving metal drums to squeeze the juice from it 
Atop the press is a big wooden pole. 
The short butt-end of tin* pole is on one side of the press for balance and the a n im a l that fu rn is h e d the 
“ horse-power" is hitched to the long, tapering end. A rope angles off from the bridle to the pole, forcing the animal to walk around and around in a circle. Much shouting keeps the animal moving. 
We saw a horse — a mule — and a burro — at three successive mo­ liendas. 
Long stalks ol sugar cane for the mills were piled on the ground or stacked against a tree or stand 
Cooking fires were going at e\ery stand. A wood fire was blazing under washtubs filled with green corn in the shuck — ste a m ris in g in w hite clouds, 
Files of corn still to be boiled and sh u ck s from that alre a d y cooked were beside the tubs. 
This boiled corn — “ d o te s " —is sold on many street corners in Mon­ terrey and in most Mexican towns. 
Hot from a little cart and brushed 

 with a red pepper sauce, it is a po­ pular dish. 
Several stands were cooking meat 
— pork, cabrito and even rabbit — over glowing coals iii big grills. 
But most unusual of all were the piles of big squash. Each squash was put in a little strin g h arn ess like those sometimes found around hang­ ing flower pots It had a loop on it so the squash could be dipped in a big beehive pot of boiling water and sn gar cane juice 
Wheti tile boiling was finished — and the squash now sweet and the color of caramel — it was hung from a long horizontal pole in front of the stand. The siring harness was used to hang it. 

The colonial flavor that has alw ays m ade Mon­ terrey such a wonderful place still lives 

Tamales steaming in big cans wert' so full of flavor. 
And for sale on tables were little b o t t l e s of pepper sauce m ade with tiny, round p ep p e rs. B esides the sauce bottles were jars of hone> and browu-sugar “ pilones" (loaf sugar) 
Wonderful world 
Most ol the stands had sacks of oranges — standing i i i clusters of sacks or hanging from the roof sup­ ports of the stand. And at some stands and at many other places beside the road were great piles of golden oranges — a truck load — spilled out on the ground. Besides these mounds were piles of tanger­ ines. their reddish hue contrasting with the gold of the oranges 
What a lively and wonderful world 
See VILLA, Rage SB 
$4o Savings. 
The safe with 3-way protection. 

Guards against fire, theft, impact and ex­ plosion. Wards safe is UL listed, Class C rat­ ing— withstands up to 17oo°F for I hr., the interior tem perature never exceeding 35o°. 
Automatic relocking device. I cu.ft. capacity. 
184.99 1.6-cubic-foot floor safe 1 4 9 .8 8 11988 
Regularly 159.99 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Saturday January 8 1977 
Page 
I -B 

Both tim e and place made this a sentimental journey. 
The time was New Year’^ — year's end and year's b egin­ ning. 
Tile place was Monterrey, a town as timeless as Cerro de Silla — 
Saddleback Mountain — that is its symbol. 
Each December Bonnie and I try to find a place that has special ties with the changing of the year that is at hand. 
Last year we spent New Y ear’s Eve night in our cam per on Padre Island. 
W;e were drawn there by the know­ ledge the sam e surf that was rolling in when 1775 became 1776 was rolling in when 1975 becam e 1976. At. m id­ night we arose and, standing at the w a te r’s edge, saluted the n a tio n ’s 
2ooth Birthday with sparklers and a tiny Roman candle — our “ rocket’s t, red glare.” 
Turning to Mexico 
I 
As New Y e a r’s ap p ro ach ed this year, our m inds kept turning to a troubled Mexico — and all the won­ derful visits we have had there over the years. 

We particularly thought of Monter­ rey. 
As do so m any San A n to n ia n s, 
Bonnie and I have a special affection for Monterrey. We have been going there together for 3o years. Bonnie has been \isiting Monterrey since she was a little girl. 
This year we decided we wanted the stroke of midnight on New' Y ear’s 
Eve to find us standing in the plaza in front of the Monterrey Cathedral — and looking up to m oonlit Saddle­ back. 
We were in that wonderful old pla­ za half an hour before midnight. F a­ milies were scurrying by us to enter the crowded church for the first m ass of the New Year. 
Fog, clouds, drizzle 

G O U RM ET fare — M e xican style — is prepared by this roadside chef by dipping ca­ labaza (squash) in string har­ ness into pot of boiling w ater in beehive-shaped oven 

Alas! When midnight came, the fog and the clouds and the little drizzle kept us from seeing Saddleback. But that didn’t m atter much for we knew that Saddleback — our Magic Moun­ tain — was there. 
On the surface Old M onterrey — with more than 4oo years of history behind it — has changed much in the last 3o years. 
In our lib ra ry th ere is an en c y ­ clopedia that gives Monterrey’s 1946 population. Monterrey proper is esti­ mated as having a population at that time of 19o.ooo 
The 1977 W'orld A lm anac gives 
Monterrey’s metropolitan population as 1.543,399. 
Monterrey now is a great industrial and com mercial city. It is a city of steel m ills and brew eries — glass sky-scrapers — homes climbing al­ most to the top of the long mountain rid g e a c ro s s th e riv e r bed from downtown. 
Yet m an y of th e c h a n g e s a re changes on the surface only. 
The Ancira, La Luisiana and San­ born’s are still there. The curio shops are still overflowing with their ela­ 

Thermo-cel insulation in 2H*inches thick in all walls for fire resistance. 

5 locking bolts prevent opening even if hinges are removed. 

V ue-gard*dial makes numbers vis­ ible only from top. 

2'a"-thick door withstands im­ pact force. 

Rem ovable casters allow permanent installation. 

DONT FORGET TO BRING YOUR WARDS CHARG-ALL CARD—ITS THE FAST, CONVENIENT WAY TO SHOD AT ANY WARDS STORK 
Save time. Shop here firslt.redrill 

WONDERLAND MALL 
Fredericksburg Road at Loop 41o 
Open IO a.m. until 9 p.m. daily 
WINDSOR PARK MALL 
1H 35 North at Walzem Road 
Open IO a.m. until 9 p.m. daily 
MCCRELESS MALL 
South New Braunfels at Southcross 
Open IO a.m. u.itil 9 p.m. d a i l y 

San Antonio EX P R ESS-N EW S— Saturday January 8 1977 

CUNT EASTWOOD IS DIRTY HARRY 

THE ENFORCER 

NMVWt* fwpyiH. Kl • >,!• tv,tem WARNfRSRC^ o a atm9coa'v;*.trm ,rw amy 
BARGAIN MATINEES— NO PASSESf 

■■■■■BMI n iiS liia r 
12:45-2:2o-4:15-6:oo 
8:oo-9:45-11:45 

( I N 
I l i l f f . 
I I M I M 
U 

$ W Mil. Or. at IM 3 5 So. 
9 3 4 -6 5 3 1 
12-2-4-6-8-1o 

MST n o v as 
M 
TOWN 
“ rj$S riX * * ” 
ALAMO BANK O A tA O * 

2 2 I4 U 1 

 teii^ K NOW! i i 

Even more incredible... even more shocking 

, 
R IC H A R D H ARRIS 
> THE RETURN 
-“ OF A MAN CALLED HORSE’ 

I P S ! 
N O O M * U N O * " 
IO AOM TTTtO 

A w 
A k E N iN q j Annie 

U&ltAAhCOtOi 

Sn ATLAS HIHS loves* 

-.TOO YOUNG TO 
KNOW BETTER,TOO 
M WO TO SRT NO! 

 i ^ d n d 
L I M 
B E R - 

X 
‘"C o c o a a i ATLAS (it. 

E x t r a s n e e d e d f o r o p e r a 

The San A ntonio Sym - 
•to men to perform as extras phony/Opera needs about in its upcom ing new pro- 

Ten Tons of Animal Fury Leaps (rom the Screen 
See APE t M y the JAWS of Giant Sturt 
• demolish on Ocean Liner 
'Vanquish Monster Reptile 
• destroy a teeming City 

J A C A M M A R D IS p r a la n t * 

A 
P 
E 
[Wirt to It contes* with Kl WG EPHC 
Cot!S 
HH D OVER—LAST W UK! 

 duct ion of W agner’s “ Rien­ zi.” 
The opera, to be staged 
Ja n . 28 and 3o in the 
T h ea ter for P e rfo rm in g 
A rts, will be- finding its first professional American production-this century 
An open casting call will 

 lie at 3 p.m. Sunday in the theater. The extras will not have to sing or speak, alth­ ough some acting talent is necessary. 
The Ewing Halsell Foun­ dation of San Antonio is u n d e rw ritin g the e a rly 
W agner opera. 
Don’t smell the flowers 

M ELROSE PARK, 111. 
(AP) —- A 4-foot boa con­ strictor is loose in Am ling’s 
Flower land. 
A spokesm an said the snake has been m issing from its g lass enclosure since W ednesday. It may have left the sto re’s pet departm ent and slithered into the big display area of flowers and plants, he said. 

“ The sn a k e se lls for 
$69.99 and can go four m onths w ithout e a tin g .” the spokesm an said. “ It really can’t hurt anyone, but it sure could scare so­ m eone b en d in g over to smell a flower.” 

Express-News 

E E W a n t A d s = 
= 2 2 5 -16 6 6 = 

The most exciting original motion picture event of all time. 

Copyright ® MCMLXXVI by Dmo De Laurent:* Corporation Alt Rights Re 
IS ! u h starring Jeff Bridges Charles Grodin 

Introcto 

C E N T U R Y * ; 
IOUVH 
BJ m 
MANSI Tnt A ruts 

P Q V c e n t r a l p o r k 3 1 
E S midi 

S.W M il Or. at IM 3 3 So. 
9 3 4 -6 5 3 1 

12:oo-2:3o-5:oo-7:3o-1o:oo 
12:1o-2:3o-5:oo-7:15-9:4o 

No Bargain Matinee No Passes No Special Admission Tickets 

‘BUUM POR CI** k o m k w#b HUT SAVALA* 
‘M U I**ES RMM R N ” 
Win. IIOOAO M DOOD MIZES 
TMO# SX.OO CAS LOAD 

 w! 
****!'I* i iuBiag. niTiNm 

The Greatest Discovery of Our Time 
In search of 

A r a b s 
H r 

 bf 

High otop a mountain in 
Eastern Turkey is a giant 
5,ooo year old w ooden ship containing hundreds of stalls and coges. 

IS IT NOAH'S ARK? 
GI 

I V 

 with DRAD CRANDALL 
Technical Advisor /Historian DAVID BALSIGER 
Directed Dy JAMES L CONWAY 
Copyright Sun Classic Pictures Inc * 1976 
Produced By CHARLES E. SELLIER. JR. 

THIS 
SUNDAY 
JAN. 9th 

“ THE WORLD OF.STAR TREK” 
Featuring Circiter and Producer 
C e n e R o d d e n b e r r y 
San A ntonio Convention Center Arena 
Sunday, January 9th — 7:oo p.m. Tickets reserved at SS.SO A 16.SO 
Available el Arase be* .Mira, lew A.Jelly Cantref lier# I layman* , Orwft rn bushi 

 abc INTERSTATE 

BROADWAY dteo se Ca DW ay §}§ 

NOW SHoWING-No BAR. M AT.«No P ASSES#No SPEC. ADM. 

NORTHWEST SIX 

12:oo-2:oo-4:oo 
6:oo-8:oo- 1o:oo 

OLMOS 

12: oo-2:oo- 4:oo 
6:oo-8:oo- 1o:oo 

CINE CINCO 

1:3o-3:25-5:2o 
7:15-9:1o 

UA MOVIES 4 

1:3o-3:25-5:2o 
7:15-9:1o 

.N othing less then the m ost exhilarating entertainm ent of the film year to date.” 
VK** Cert* NUV VORK r/MtS 

SAN ANTONIO SYMPHONY 

 r n , < 
THE SEVEN-PER-CENT SOLUTION front the e/ fursi Reding V * *•( 

ALAN ARKIN VA NC Vs A Rf IX. RAVI NOBLITT OR VALL end M C CH. WILLIAMSON 

 rn IM I W Y N P IA C L M S O L I T W 
LA I Rf NC I CH IV HR u 
»o £l GRfV SAMANTHA COGAN 
CHARI f KGN Ab G IO R G I* BRC** N «L<JNf and HRC MY At WR 
‘ ‘a ' ’ 
C-reVitrTe^- 
IJH ^ 

^ 
I n t a r e t a t c a 
o 
P H 
S S B 
B 
' M<»K«iaWWa*M|(tty-W its! 
Isl 5-4:4o-5:25-7JO-WB 

Fuel 
12:35-2:25-4; 15-6rfJS-7:5&Ab4i 
ITS THE 
MOST 
B T I . H B H W W 
SUSPENSE 
HIDE OF 
YOUR LIFE! 

'7 

Jan. 8/1o 
Carmen Balthrop 
Soprano 
Theo Alcantara conducting 

•OD FOX 

B e e th o ve n 
O v e rtu re to “ F id e lio ” 

M e n d e ls so h n S y m p h o n y N o . 4 in A M a jo r 
H a n d e l 
'‘C h e S e n to O D io ” a n d 44 S e Pieta* 
M o za rt 
44A c h , ich F u e h l's ” f r o m 44 M ag ic 
F lu te ” 
P u c c in i 
“ M i C h ia m a n o M im lfr o m B o h e m e ” 
S tra u ss 
T ill Eu le n s p ie g e l 

S a t. Jan. 8 . 8:3o pm Theater for the Performing Arte 
Mon.. Jan. IO. 7:3o pm Laurie Auditorium 
Tickets: $3 to $6.5o 
Symphony Box Office 
223-5591 

■■■HHH 141 HIT 

CUNT EASTWOOD 
AS DIRTY HARRY 
IN 
“ENFORCER” 
12:45-2:2o-4:15-6:oo 
1*oo4:45-11.45 

G E N E R A L C I N E M A T H C A T W g S 

NORTHSTAR EVERY DAY ’Til 1:3o P.M .-$1.5o 
McCRELCSS $ 1 .oo ALL SHOWS AT ALL TIMES 

EARLY SHOW SAT. & SUN. 11:oo 

W A L T D I S N E Y mOCMACTlOWft’ 
-SHAGGY OLA.« 
11oo-3:oo-5:3o-7:3o-9:3o 

HWY or WAL 
BURI RL WOLDS 
IAI IM Cf MAL 
M c k e l o d e O n I ^ 
^ T 2:3o-2:5o-3:1o-7:3o-9:5o 

I o w c m S S o n S i r ; 
■HHK I2«l« 
♦ EXCLUSIVE * 
JODIE FOSTER IN 
“BUGSY 
MALONE” 
12:3o-2:oo-2^o-5:3o 
7:IS-9sOO 
- A 

VSS? ™EOMEN 
7:45-9:45 
^ t y u io * 
Cs^wlvs S IJ 

 rn 

CHARITON HESTON 
HENRY FONDA 
11:oo-2:25-4:5o-7:1 5-9:4o 
M 
C C R E L E S S 

•TTM! R 

 m IM A m e ONLY 

NO IA I MAT. NO PASSES 
11:oo-12:35-21o-3:45 
5 2o-6:55-8.3o-1o oo 

*HOI MI 3«8 CAMT AH 

PIUS INO 
SCHLOCK 
THC 
A 4 o N 5 T I B - o 3o 
AFC 7:oo- IO; IO P M. 

11 3o M A C O - Pf B R IN 
7 4 3 3 S.W . M ILIT A R Y 4 4 1 3 C A LLA OM A M SO. 
6 5 6 J 4 5 4 
6 / 4 -1 3 7 1 
4 3 4 -6 6 1 1 
1:oo-3:25-3:5o-8:15 
(PO) 

A WAITER MIRICH PRODUCTION 

CHARLTON HESTON 
HENRY FONDA 
/rn 

THI ALL-NEW 
ADVENTURES 
OF THE 
WORLD'S Mo8T 
BUMBLING 
DETECTIVE 
I 

T 
, stamn|l HERBERT LOM 

 wit). COLIN m w ■ LEONARD ROSSITER • 
Mule by HENRY MANCINI 

PANAVISIOH" COLOR by OeLuxe 

TM 
NOW SHOWING l l 3o-1:35-3:4o- 
5:45-8.-oo-1o:oo 
F4fD tAhBtiewwD 

W B saSSSm m m 
W F F K » 
WW Cat C a a m rn 

6 * 4 - 3 4 5 4 

434 6611 

An AMERICAN INTlHNATlUhAl PICTURE 
1:oo-3)35 DOUG McCUJRE BW.5ET 
5:5o-8:1 S 
JOHNNcMlf W S M K M U M M 
A marital' imam#! xjn»: eictuaaa. Int 

Qua ta braJMcr I racqrait abnnuiw Far 
•Mi ma ai* it I I M 
1(15-2:45-4(15 
5:45-7:15.8(45 
M is ty 

San Antonio EXPRESS-N FW S—•—Saturday January 8 1 9 7 7 

Country music twangs way to River Walk 

JOHNNY BUSH 
. . . country on Paseo 

SWT exhibit 
SPfcClAl TO THI EXPSESS-Nf-WS 
SAN MART OS - South­ west Texas State Universi­ ty's annual art faculty exb- hibit opens Jan. 19 and runs through- Feb. 2 in the Art 
Building Gallery. 
Hours are 8 a.m. to 5 p.m. weekdays. 

The Paseo del Rio's an­ nual Great Country River 
Festival is scheduled for 
Feb 4-6. 

The announcement was made by Frank Phelps, president of the Paseo del 
Rio Association, which sponsors the event in con­ junction with KKYX Radio. 

During the three-day sa­ lute to country-western m usic, continuous live entertainment is planned for three staging areas along the downtown River 
Walk between the Crockett 
Street bridge and the 
Arneson River Theater. 

Among the entertainers from Nashville performing during the festival will be 
Je rry Max Lane, Claude 
Gray, Jack ie Ward and 

Nick Nixon, aceordiri; to f?*Vi R / r n i h i l it ire 
Paul Morgan, program 1X 1o director for KKYX Ra$o. 

Popular area enter­ tainers, including Moe 
Bandy, Darrell McCall and 
Johnny Bush, will alsrt per­ form on the Arneson stage. 

Local bands will enter­ tain aboard river barges 

 during the festival. 

Hours for the event are from 5 p.m. to ll p m. on 
Feb. 4, noon to ll p m. on 
Feb 5 and noon to IO p m on Feb. 6. 
The Great Country River 
Festival is free 

A R iver W alk perfor­ mance by the international singing and dancing troupe, Up With People, will be presented Friday evening. 

Staged at the footbridge near the Kangaroo Court, the 8o-member cast w ill perform on the river banks 

 and aboard barges. 

Tile cast holds students from eight countries and more than 4o states 

The free half-hour per­ formance will begin at 6 pm. 
V 
Paseo del Rio Association members. Rick Grinnan. of 

 the Royal Street Crossing, and Franklin Hicks, of Casa 
Rio Mexican Restaurant, will attend Food Service '77 in Amsterdam next week. 
The only representatives from Texas, the pair will join 75 other U.S. represen­ tatives at the international food show . 
Billed as the largest food 

 show in the world, dele­ gates will study the latest in food equipment and pre­ paration. 
The River Walk restaur­ ant managers will also at­ tend another part of the conference in 
London, which will consist of a se­ m inar on the free enterprise system. 

KTFM MIDNIGHT SHO W 
AT NORTHWEST SIX TONIGHT 

B O S S Y H AS A *68 C A M A R O . R O S I H AS A FIV E-Y EAR -O LD 
KID. O N THEIR FIRST OATS, THEY BECAM E LO V ER S A N D 
FUGITIVES. f 

The Ac ting C om pany 
In 

CAMINO REAL by Tennessee Williams 

Ruth Taylor Theatre 

LISTEN TO KTFM FOB DETAILS 

Saturday matinee 
Saturday night 
Sunday matinee 

JAN 8 2:3o (a) $ 7.5o 
JAN 8 8:3o (a) $8.5o 
JAN 9 2:3o ® $ 7.5o 

 lobc m M W 
^ —'’ iE X S sSmDER 2 iCrty Of M i 

1:45-4:2o-6^5-9.3o 

WMtMMRp. AT IM l l IU FISS 
12:3o-3:oo-5:3o-8:o5 
1:5o445-7:oo-9:35 

N O H N W K t i i i i 
Jal UM* AJO off C allow UH 
*49*2,14 

FRIENDS 
HOUSE OF WAX 

‘CARRIE’ 
.MAAHS AUK" 
C 
‘SASQUATCH 

I 

C I W 
I 1 % f 
I O 
! I N 
U 
& 

 ma txvuv 
U> HJO JUAB 
J8 o S L 

‘NICKELODEON* 
‘THE ENFORCER**! 

‘SHAGGY D.A. 

“ KING KONG” 

‘CARRIE” I 

WACK HST WAGON TRAIN 
IN TW WIST"________ 

TODAY AT 
SAN PEDRO 

“ THE RITZ** 
“ LAW AND 
DISORDER' 

S A N F E B B O 
T R IP I! S C R !IN O U TD O O R 

San N d r a a i IlH a n Rd 

"DIVBtSIOMS" 
STOAT OE 
JOANNA 
“PAHUA MANN" 

(NfUWVUT 
AO KM TMK! 

“TWO MINUTt 
WARNING 
"TNI EIGER 
SANCTION 

M M P T H W f S I I H C E N l I l K Y f ; 
S I I 
S 
I O U I t i 
Y 
HI IO at Wa* Alo a* Canasta I ii* 
149.au 

12:o62:o64:o64:o68:o61o:oo 

BARGAIN MATIN!! DAILY TOR TMI ATRI CAPACITY TOR UR ST 
PtRfORMANCI ONLY. 
B O B 
D E N V E R 
F O R R E S T 
T U C K E R 

BflRoRA3TRESSO 
Platea] by JONEPS Sneed bnWW KWA 
• 
&UMR 4titkS o©ioA.jaOfRANKfRkojh v.- <r 
_____________ a f wit Ait^au 

I JI^Mi INprwi a' tumult y 

WAGON 
IN IHE 
WEST** 

A HW MJR.HU1AM. 

 tUciifi a ms wAfitjMPiw arw jkbooks] 

 a jH N B = !L 

 r^Mm YWOlSt,,lll UNITKD A RTISTS THEATRES p y m IfJB ii ■ 
I....- M 
I III mill Mil 
I 
DAILY A U SEATS $ K 2 S EXCEPT “ SILVES STREAK** A 
[n a 

IS 
o 

19*4o-2*49 d 

AT BOTH 
THEATRES 

. 
In s e a rc h of 

5*oo-7:15 
9:3o 

IT'S THI MOST HILARIOUS 
SUSPENSE BIDE OF YOUR 
UFI. 

(KMAK! PRYOR 
GINI WILCH PP 

TWC 
MINUTE 
WARNING 
Ii 

> S I L V E R 
S T R E R I - i > 

AStAR 
ISBORn 

U N IV ER SA L 

T a n - -T O - 
T w m m sn m m 
Y ALLEY 

12:35-2:25-4:15-4*5-7:55-9:45 
BRUCE LEE...Ms death avenged by t 
BRUCE U 

“ THI RITT" 7:3o-11-.oo 
“ LAW AND DISORDER" 62o 

“ R o w d y , n u tty 

 e n te rta in m e n t.” 

—WiUHom VM J. Cue MARUM* 

 r n 
- r n 
4 If & 

2ND FIATURi 
AT DRWI INS ONLY: 

"ROMEO" 
1 2 :4 o -3 :o o . 
o 4o 

M O R I H W H 
I 

 t i l 
‘FRIENDS* 
3:1 3-7:35 
M lOal la#f 414ad ( 
I lilt 
,U4 AIM 

T W O OF THE M O ST BEA U TIFU L LO VE 
STO RIES EVER M A D E. TO GETHER FOR 

ALL A G ES TO E N JO Y ! 

R U N C O Z e f f i r e l l i 
, „ n O Y * * * hadaNHad 
It 
H6t° 
R o m e o 

^ 
J U 
L I E T 

K M B ? / U M M ! / 

 r a w . 
’friends" 

SEAN BURY • ANKEE ALVINA 
MUSIC BY ELTON JOHN 

12:oo-2:oo- 
COG-6:oo- 

8 :o o - 1 o :o o 

M O K I H W I I I i i i 

I tao. 41o all CaHafliaa faut 

UHUK MATURI 
DMY KM IM41H c*«crrr km mbi 
NtHMMAHCi OMV 

 ami N O K I N W 
E I f l g l d N I U R Y f , i i i 
I B ! l O U i N v 
1 

MIA M Ua» 4I» aK ta>i#a» UH 
Mf 41*4 
$ W MU O. a l IM 3 3 So. 
* 2 4 * 3 3 1 

1:3o-3:364:8o-7:3o-9.3o 
12:o62io64:«64to68:o61o:oo 
AAROAJN JMAT INFI DAILY POR YMCA TRI CAPACITY FOC MIST 

Seven men on a death defy i i i g expedition. . . tell the shocking story of the world's most intriguing mystery! 

3 W Mil. or to IM 35 So 
•2 * 1*33* 

12:oo-2:oo-4:oo-6:oo-8:oo-1o:oo 
SASQUATCH 

H 
S 
I 
I l t d 

I flU I H 
N J 

12454:o6 
5:25-7o6 t o t s 

’N 

S W Mil. D», a i IM 3 5 l a 
* 2 4 4 5 1 1 

OMIT KM m u m 
CAfAQTV KM NMI 

B I n e 

H E L L O F A G O O D T IM E . 

- Im . 
M adam e 
See 

 i f l R i 

 r n 
K 
T 
T n 
D 
F m 
P 

.Jw K for the fun af Ut 

® D » 
^ r ~ wmmmmmm 

JACK UMSTOfl 
STI LUN 

ERNEST BORGNINE 

CARROLL O’CONNER 
STAR OF “ A U IN THE 

FAMILY” {R) 
LAW AN D 
DISORDER 

. n t . « . » . 4 m u 4 > m u 4 u > u u u i t 4 * i i u i n u l » i » 
■AMU! t m I i i BRN! i i i I 
At 
ISSI S I SS SSS I S W S I IS IS H U I 11 R N N I I N B 11 SBS I l l HSSSBSSBBSSSS^^™*®—^Bae. OB 
CINE CINCO 
12:4o-2:5o-5:oo-7:15-9:3o 
" I 

PETER BOGDANOVICH S “ NICKELODEON * 

BURT REYNOLDS • RYAN o ‘N IA I • TATUM o ’NEAI 

“KUNG FU" 
IM W : m i n 

“ H U B B F U : 

T H E P U H C H 

O F D E A T H " 

PLUS 

I * I . 
S mr 
I S3 I Moulton St 

Si 

 f U N IV ER SA L 11:3o~Is15-3:oo-4:45-4:3o-$:15-1o:oo 

W O O D LA W N 
12:oo-1:4o-J:2o-5:oo-6:4o-B:2o-1o:oo 

C O LO N IES 12KBo-1:35-3; 1o-4:45-6:2o-7:55-9:3o 

“Misty ” 7 3o-1o:35 “SuwMt” 9:15-12^)5 

TRA IL 
». >'■' i<1 
Ism. n'T?.. f: 

RON VAN CHEF 4 TIMES 
WORLD CHAMPION 

BLACK DRAGON S REVENGE 

Misty 

2nd feature at Town Twin 
“ SOMKTIMK 
SWEET i>* 

2nd feature at Trail: 
“ THI PRIVATE 
AFTERNOONS OF 
SUSAN*’ (*) 
PAMILA MANNIX) BORN fo r HELL 

SA N T O R O 
MISSION 
TOWN TWIN 
ARSITY 

“ TWO MINUTE WARNING* 
7:3o-11:5o (R) 
“ EIGER SANCTION" 
•>45 (R) 

91,ooo People. 
93 Exit Batts. 
on§ Sniper... 

THE 
LOOKING 
GLASS” 

(X ) 

^ 
^ 
■ 
N 
G 

MARTIN BALSAM • BEAU BRIDGES - MARILYN HASSETT 
BAWD JANSSEN • JACK KLUGMAN WAITER PID WON * GENA ROWLANDS; 
HOM KUHS SNUS SMM /WHAM? M r, JA* KAW 
| 
2ND FEATURE AT DRIV! INS ONLY* 
"EIGER SANCTION” 
— 
UEN»lNfN4M4MNM*M«m9*»4»»<4N*4e■ ■» - . t - .................. 
. ............. 

W O O D E A W N 
I A l l rss-siij 

NO 
IARCiAW ma moi 
1*2o IrtA m kilw , R4 
“ THROUGH ^Seldom do I (ump few joy over an explicit sex film, but Ibrough The Looking 
Glass is an incredibly bi­ zarre film — a fanciful horror story told rn such imaginative visual images that Fellini himself would stand up and take notice? 
Reggie Dan/tg/High Society Mag 

61611:1o 

WVHHtONT 
7:3o 12:oo 
JOANNA" 
61o 
KAMKA 
MANN 1o4S 

S A N F E D R O 
TRIPI* S C R U M O U T D O O R 

 t o . Poor a to 
R4 f. 

\ i 

4 * 4 M U 

Pf U A I 

“ T H I STO RY O F 

JO A N N A ” m 
Plod 
“ THI PRIVATE 
AFTERNOONS 
^ 
OF PAMELA 
MANN” 

(X ) 
1*1 

I R E D . R O A D 
OUTDOOR TMIATRI 

I , . 4 4<J to a l to o # 4 1 o 
TA4 72*2 
** LAVISH, 
IN T I L U C E N T L Y 
SCKtPTIO. 
C IN I MATIC. 
I OUK 
DI FOACI ” 
GAUtAY 

STARRING 
HARRY REIMS 

o4 WCN KXI went I IG BL 

PIUS 

S W iU C it K 
ItoutS 

 i i i 

I A C B ! A N R 
O U T D O O R TM IA T R I 

Frustrated Wives 

OUR 
HUSBANDS 
WON T Bf 
HOME TILL SIX. 
7.3o-1o:4o 
(X) 

“PROSTITUTION 
& 
PORNOGRAPHY 
IN THE ORIENT 
9:2o (X) 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS—-Saturday January 8 1977 
Candidates like 1o-1 

By JAMES MCCRORY 
The 1o-1 city dis­ tricting plan F riday served as a showcase for three-and-a-half candidates for mayor in the April city elec­ tion. 
Three announced candi­ dates for mayor — Mayor 
Lila Cockrell, John Mon- frey and Dr. J o s e San 
Martin — can’t agree on who should be mayor. But they are in agreement the d is tric tin g plan is one whose time has come. 
John Steen, who is half­ way in the m a y o r’s race, joined the o th e r th ree through a w ritte n s t a t e ­ ment at a press conference at which ail four expressed support for the IO I plan 
On passage 
His e n try in the race, 
Steen sa id , d ep en d s w h eth er the 
1o-1 plan passes. If it does, he enters, and it it doesn't, tie doesn’t on ground there’ll be no ci­ ty election because the U.S. 
J u s tic e D ep a rtm e n t will block it. 
Monfrey. who lost to Mrs. 
Cockrell in a runoff in the 
1o75 m ayor's race, contest­ ed w h eth e r the m a y o r ’s race would not be rv.: re­ gardless of the outcome of the Jan. 15 city* districting election. 

The new districting plan is one whose tim e has com e, candidates f o r m ayor agree 

He noted the City Charter had been amended to pro­ vide the m a y o r will be elected at large. And the 
IO-1 plan provides the same thing as far as the mayor is concerned The proposed charter change, he notes, would have IO council dis­ tricts, but makes no change in the mayoral candidates’ situation 
No answer 
Monfrey said he had tried to Check his theory out on a n u m b e r of law y ers, but none has come up with a concrete answer to his hy­ pothesis. 
AH three announced can­ didates agreed turnout is the key to victory or defeat at the polls for the 1o-1 plan. 
Monfrey said his latest poll reflects the plan will carry by a 2-1 margin. But he cautioned that is down from a 3-1 m argin only a couple of months ago. 
Mrs. Cockrell and San 
Martin see the election a lot closer than that. 
M rs Cockrell said she sees the election m uch closer than the 2-1 prnjec- 

VNOK T N O T IC t 
AUCTION to r* V rn** rn* »# S tex to 
PfVSJAM tU C S 
OTNH**©! tog* wmtmmm* ******* 
***** On—to* iwg* ordered tv* » tmm rn *mm **i ***** 
♦#* th* unfK»d ting mm* 
MMfffON* fs*** A i apr*** rn **»*<* ** 
#•*«** 
•# $*<**•*» frwr I*t>iwn*, * mn ut— 
, • rn* ***** i t rn d»ity m i Extort ir mm rn t i rn* rm n *4 %Mh*§ *m*f th* hm tl lug* 

 tm rw * mmmnntw ha pmm mm m tm i •»* 
* f i m %TO> M O T O R INA 
14oo Aw** Hwy I 35 
So* Affton**, T fio i 
Sat., >•n. • 3 AM 
Y—wfwg a* I AJA. 
W 
I * « n 
A* «*** jrM .1 H i n t l * KAMAU TAMI! IU (HICHIP*., MATUtAl M I OUM! 
COMA*. WAfflM KSM t i m * I IMAM MAMI IVA AMO*. IA K UVOMMIIii WA t o , ttk trt rn tit 
MUA 
AikImhiw' JOMAA) Sorority NJO-76 o5 28 te r m * : C a th or o**< A 

 lion reflected by Monfrey’s poll. 
She noted opponents of the plan will be spending a lot of money in the closing days of the campaign, and sin1 predicted people will be m a k in g up th e ir m in d s right up to Jan. 15. 
No money 
The mayor, in a side-shot at 
M onfrey, noted she hasn’t had the money to put into “ e x p en siv e polls ” 
M onfrey had the polls commissioned, the first one before he entered the race. 
San Martin agreed with 
Mrs. Cockrell that the elec­ tion is close. 
A fo rm e r co u n c ilm an and m ayor pro te m . San 
Martin hazarded a guess the spread was 6-5 in favor of districting. He explained he isn’t being pessimistic, only realistic. 
“ Bad w eather (on elec­ tion day) and a low turnout will m ean an y th in g can h a p p e n ,” the doctor o b ­ served. 
M rs. Cockrell show ed both sides of the districting coin. 
One of the advantages of the present at large system of elec tin g council m e m b e rs, she sa id , is voters can hold all the council members accounta­ ble for their actions and votes, and it inclines coun­ cil members to view issues as a whole. 
Same area 
But over-riding liabilities to the at large system. Mrs. 
Cockrell said is the fact that under the present sys­ tem m ost of the council m e m b ers com e from “ a 

 particular geographical a r­ ea.” 
An at large system, she said, would take into a c ­ count the m u lti-cu ltu re d background of the city and the neighborhoods and give balanced representation on the council. 
A second benefit of the district plan, she said, is it gives a person w ith o u t large financial hacking a chance to run and win by perso n al co n tac t w ith a smaller constituency. 
Misnomer 
“ T he 
IO-1 plan is a m isnom er,” Monfrey said in support of his argum ent there’ll be a m ayor’s race regardless of the outcome of the Jan. 15 election. 
Monfrey pointed out he favored districting when a districting plan was voted down several years ago. He noted the plan which was voted down was different from the plan being p r e ­ sented voters Jan. 15, and the original districting plan was prepared in large by people opposed to the pre­ sent plan. 
He favors the districting plan, Monfrey said, b a s i­ cally b ec au se it m a k e s 

' I Ii i n gs a re eh a a g in g a n d we must change with the times.' 

 council m em bers more re­ sponsive to the needs of the people who put them in of­ fice. 
Monfrey also cautioned voters not to he misled by c rie s of “ b o s s is m ” and 
“ w ardism ” should council mem bers he elected by district, Mrs. Cockrell and 
San Martin concurred. 
Noting he was active in politics 46 years ago when the voters switched from the m ayor-com m issioners 

 form of government to the council-m anager sy stem . 
San Martin said ‘‘the City 
Charter is not set in con­ c r e te .” San M artin c a m ­ p aigned for council- manager government. 
“ We have to m odify it 
(the charter) from tim e to time to meet the needs of the d ay ,” San M artin ob­ served. 
“ T h in g s a re c h a n g in g and we m ust change with the tim es.” 
San M a rtin , o b se rv in g the Justice Department “ is as stubborn as a m u le .” said he believes the city should have sued the J u s ­ tice D e p a rtm e n t when it originally interferred with the local election process. 
B ut, he sa id , the city should adopt the districting plan, regardless of the J u s ­ tice D epartm ent interven­ tion in recent annexations questioned by the Justice 
Department. 
Diluted 
The Justice Departm ent charged city annexations in 
1o72 d ilu ted the v o tin g strength of Mexican-Amer- icans and th re a te n e d to block the next election until the m atter was corrected. 
But the d ep a rtm en t in d i­ cated ad o ption of a d i s ­ tricting plan would satisfy it. 
As for misconceptions on the authority of the council members, San Martin said he learned a councilm an 
“ c a n ’t even get a traffic light put in. 
“ Political p atro n ag e Is the key of w a rd is m and b o s s is m ,” 
San 
M a rtin a v e rre d , “ and you d o n ’t have it as long as you have rounvil-manager govern- m ent.” 
T he m a y o r e x p re sse d confidence “ a lot of big money thrown in to defeat it” will not beat the d is ­ tricting plan Jan. 15. 

SAN ANTO NIO 
P R E C IP IT A T IO N 
1922 
1976 
Ave 
R .c 
Jan. 
4 lf 
o.54 
I 26 
I 37 
IYZ* 
192$ 
Ave 
Rec. 
Feb 
o 13 
3 3o 
1.65 
2 88, 
Mar, 
I 2o 
o 57 
I 62 
4 19 
Apr. 
5 62 
2 69 
2 28 
It 64 
May 
5 8o 
6 91 
3 45 
14 o2 
Jim 
I 61 
4 6o 
2 95 
IO 44 
July 
5 39 
o 44 
I 69 
8 18 
Aug 
2 o9 
I 2? 
2 36 ll 14 
Sept 
3 29 
o 51 
4 ,59 
15 28 
O rt 
8 48 
7 25 
2 JO 
9 54 
Nev. 
2 46 
o o3 
I 32 
4 29 
Dec. 
I 95 
I 48 
1.25 
4 7? 

Stock-Up Sale 
1o% to 5o% Off 
Selected Items 
Our January Stock-up Sale features big price reductions on selected merchandise. Stock up on black finished bentwood, lighting, baskets, contemporary seating, wall units and more. Its the time for big savings on many groups of mer­ chandise as well as one-of-a-kind floor samples. 
Quantities are limited. Sale Ends January 22. 
Master Charge, BankAmericard or Revolving 
Charge Plan. Delivery fee on all sale merchan­ dise—$1o.oo storehouse 

6547 San Podro st the corner ot Jackson Keller (in Village Plagal lei 341-2281. 

Professor: 
1o-1 more democratic 

By DAVID HENDRICKS 
Districting for City Coun­ cil would put ail end to the city’s past monolithic go­ vernment and better repre- sent San Antonio’s p lu ra­ listic neighborhoods. 
That was the message for about 4o E ast Side r e s i­ dents during a briefing on the 1o-district council plan to be before city votes Jan. 
15. 
Dr 
Bill Crane, political science professor at St. 
M ary ’s U niversity, said neighborhood politics could re tu rn with the s in g le ­ member districts. 
Ward politics 
“ There was a time when you could put a silver dollar on a m ap of San Antonio and cover where a quorum 

INDIAN JEWELRY SHOW 
HY ALOHA WEST 
TO DAY ONLY! 

INDIAN JEWELRY 
5 o % -6 o % OFF RETAIL 

SPECIAL SELECTION OF TURQUOISE RINGS 
FROM $ 3 .9 9 -$ 7 .9 9 
RETAIL UP TO $ 3 6 .o o 
SHOW SPECIAL 

JADE UNK BRACELETS 
$ 4 .9 9 
RETAIL UP TO $ 2 4 .o o 

JADE NECKLACES 
$ 1 o .9 9 
RETAIL UP TO $ 8 o .o o 

HOLIDAY INN - I.H. 35 AT DURANGO 

SATURDAY JANUARY 8 - 9 A.M.-1o P.M. 
$ 1 .o o OFF 
ANY PURCHASE WITH THIS AD! 

SAN ANTONIO ANO VICINITY . 
Portly cloudy aud w arm er through 
Sunday with a chance ot rain Sa­ tu rd a y nigh! an d S u nday 
South easterly w inds IO to t i mph 
Low te m p eratu res in the m id 3os Highs 
In the mid-OOs. Sun rises at I LO and sets at i i?. There is a new moon 
Moon rises at ti J I a m T em pera ty res F riday ranged from 3o to SO d egrees (N ational W eather Service forecast.) 
RELATIVE; HUMIDITY - 4/ per cent as of 6 p.m. Friday 
PRECIPITATION - Total rainfall for the 24 hour period endlna at 6 p.m. Friday, none; tor the m onth, 
IV ot an Inch, for the year. IO ot an Inch 
A ccu m u lated d e p a rtu re from norm al for the month, m inus 
.o8 of on inch; for the y ear, m inus 
.o8 of an inch. 
NORTH TE MAS - P artly cloudy w ith In c re a s in g c lo u d in e ss a n d colder te m p eratu res through 
Sunday 
SOUTH TE KAS - P artly cloudy and w arm Saturday turning colder 
Sunday 
WEST TEXAS * F air to partly 
Cloudy w ith . cold te m p e ra tu re s through Sunday 
NATIONAL — Snow will fall from the G reat Lakes region acro ss the 
Ohio Valley, the middle M ississippi 
V alley, s o u th e rn M in n eso ta, th e 
C entral P lains, the central Rockies and the cen tral Plateau. Elsew here. c le a r to p o rtly cloudy sk ies a r e expected 
It will be m uch colder through the n o rth ern and centro* 
Rockies, the northern P lateau and the northern and central Ploins. as w ell a s th e low er G re a t L a k e s region ond F lo rid a W orm er tem oeratiires will be experienced trom the lower M ississippi Volley along the Texas Gulf Coost and into the lower Ohio Valley. Lithe te m p era tu re change is expected elsew here 

T E M P E R A T U R E E X T R E M E S 
Low, 76 d e g r e e s below ie r o Of 
Hibbing and Bem idn. Minn 
High, 8o deg rees Qt H om estead 
HO 

M A R IN E 
WINDS •— N ortherly winds IO to t i mph Seas th ree to five feet 
TIDES —- Port A ransas for Sun­ day 
Highs at 1o:o8 a rn ond I 4? p m Lows at 2 45 a m ond I? 34 

Cold mass aims ai state 

ASSOCIATED PRESS 
Tartly cloudy skies and mild tem peratures gave Texans another break in winter weather Friday but weathermen warned that a mass of irctie air was poised to roll into 
Northwest Texas Saturday morning. 
The National Weather Service said a strong arctic cold front was already in the Rockies Friday morning and moving toward Texas. 
Temperatures were expected to drop drastically in the 
Panhandle and the South Plains Saturday, the service said. 
Thermometers across the state Friday were mainly in the 5os and 6os with Brownsville reporting the late after­ noon high of 64 degrees under partly cloudy skies. 
Weathermen said the approaching cold front was ex­ pected to bring bitter weekend w eather to Northwest 
Texas. 
The forecast for the rest of the state called for mostly cloudy skies Saturday along with cooler temperatures. 

 p m . f o rt Isabel for Sunday: 
Highs a* ll o2 a m and 8 41 p m . Low i al 
J 34 a rn. and I :23 p m. 

G R E A TE R SAN ANTONIO 
Son Antonio 
36 
59 
OO 
SOUTH TEXAS 
Austin 
34 
53 
OO 
Brownsville 
JI 
62 
OO 
Corpus Christi 
41 
56 
OO 
Cotulla 
38 
63 
OO 
Del Rio 
41 
61 
OO 
Junction 
3o 
61 
OO 
Victoria 
35 
52 
OO 
TE X A S 
Abilene 
25 
58 
OO 
Alpine 
28 
63 
OO 
El Paso 
29 
55 
.OO 
Fort W6rfh 
78 
49 
OO 
Houston 
38 
58 
OO 
Lubbock 
21 
59 
OO 
Lufkin 
3o 
57 
OI 
Son Angelo 
34 
43 
OO 
Waco 
78 
53 
OO 
SO UTHW EST 
Denver 
71 
53 
.oo 
Honolulu 
2o 
SI 
OO 
Los Angeles 
48 
56 
I 48 
LOS V egas 
28 
51 
OO 
Phoenix 
41 
58 
OO 
Salt Lake City 
o8 
31 
OO 
San Diego 
54 
62 
.93 
SOUTH C E N TR A L 
K onsos City 
IO 
27 
OO 
Louisville 
14 
77 
o7 
M emphis 
3o 
37 
OI 
O klahom a City 
12 
54 
OO 
St. Louis 
o6 
2o 
.o3 
Wichita 
o8 
38 
OO s o u t h e a s t 
Ailanto 
33 
39 
38 
B irm ingham 
33 
4o 
o9 
C harleston 
IS 
28 
J) 
Jacksonville 
42 
59 
7o 
New O rleans 
43 
51 
o5 
Raleigh 
3o 
43 
47 

Richmond 
Tempo 

Bismarck 
Boise 
C asper 
H elena 
Portland. Ore. 
Rapid City 
San F rancisco 
Seattle 

29SO 
N O RTHW EST 
o1s 
’V 
o8 
2o 
?o 
442 7 

.JO 
.o8 

.21 
.OO 
.OO 
.o3 
.OO 
OI 
.OO 
OO 

TEXAS W E A TH E R 
F o recast qt q glance 

CITY TEMPERATURE FORECAST 

A m arillo 
, 

Austin 

Laredo 

Sat. 
Sun 
162o OS 2o 
Cloudy, to ld 
4o-46 JS-5o 
Cloudy, cool 
SO-46 41 SS 
Cloudy, cool 
C orpus Christi st 2o 45 55 
Cloudy, cool 
V ictoria 
4666 
3659 
Cloudy, tool 
D allas Ft W orth 
2(535 
2(332 
Cold. cloudy 
McAllen Brow nsville 
SW I 
5(355 
Cloudy, tool 
Houston 
41 65 
34-5o 
Cloudy, cool 

MEXICO 
(M exican te m p eratu res ap p e ar In both F ahrenheit and C entigrade or 
Celsius. F o h ren h e't is listed first in eoch colum n.) 
A capulco ............... 
H ' V 
G uodolotgra . . . . . . 32/o3 
M a/otlon 
..............2o/76 
Mexico City ............45 OI 
M o n te rre y ................ 43 o6 

«e J? 
25 24 
•I'72 
St 27 
61/16 

•>;. : 
SWM 

 ol tho City Council lived," 
Dr. Crane .said. 
The result of districting would be lots of porkbar- relling, councilm en fight­ ing for goods and services for his district. 
This can lie called ward politics, with its bad con­ notations, Dr. Crane said, but “ p o litic s is a fig h t am ong com peting groups anyway.” 
Single-m em ber districts would also open up the chances of election to more people, Dr. Crane said. 
An a t-la rg e city -w id e ca m p a ig n would have to spend at le a st $16,ooo to have a ch a n c e , he sa id , while within a district a cam paign costing $8oo to 
$1,ooo would have a chance. 

Campaign costs 

“ Who has $16,ooo to run for an office that pays only 
$2o w e e k ? ” asked 
Dr, 
Crane 
Larry Travis, a m em ber of the c h a r te r rev isio n co m m ittee w hich p ieced to g e th e r the g e o g ra p h ic district plan also said he doubted a return of w ard politics which plagued the city before the current at- large system was started. 
T ra v is said that u nder the c u r r e n t council- m an ag er form of govern ment, councilmen will not have favors to pass around to c o n s titu e n ts or sup porters. 
T ravis explained to the audience how the c h a rte r revision com m ittee cam e up with the 1o-district plan and why the East Side dis­ trict does not have a m a ­ jority of black \o»ers. 
Under a plan with fewer districts, T ravis said, the b lack p e rc e n ta g e would have dec reased from the 
46.7 per ce n t in the 
1o-district plan. 
A 14-distriet plan would have created a black majority district, but was rejected as too m any d is­ tricts by City Council. 
T he 
1o-district plan would allow ll co u n cil beath, w ith the m a y o r elected at large, two more council p la ce s th an the c u r r e n t n in e -m e m b e r council 
_______ 

M asked m an robs bank 

SAJ NT JO, Tex. (AP) - 
A bandit w ea rin g a ski m ask and w aving a revolver robbed the First 
State Bank in this North 
Texas town east of Wichita 
Falls about noon F rid ay , police said. 
Nobody was hurt in the stickup and a man was a r­ rested an hour later after a high-speed chase, officers said- 

Great Reading 
, 
Comma to You 

I 
- ■ 
" 
, 
X 
\ 
•' 
;i;-: 
... 
Apl h rn : J ' 
> - 

■ J i 
I I 

 l - t r 
___________ _ 
I 
. 
.a mm 
~ 
'■ 
I in the Express-News 
J 

 m i m u m i m g p tiw im m 'X‘ 
" 
■ ' 
''"m m iM /im 9 o r d e a l ” 
BY SEA 

WORLD WAR ITS HORROR STORY OF THE SINKING OF THE 
INDIANAPOLIS. THE U.S. NAVY'S GREATEST OPEN-SEA 
DISASTER. MANY OF THE MEN SURVIVED THE JAPANESE 
TORPEDOES ONLY TO LOSE THEIR LIVES TO SHARKS AND 
THE ELEMENTS DURING THEIR 
^ 
^ 
$ 
2 
— 
SM 
FIVE DAYS ADRIFT AWAITING 
W 
O n i l I l U o S 1 1 1 
RESCUE1 — OF A CREW OF 1196. 
T U a M m i r c 
ONLY 317 LIVED TO TELL THE STORY...11 1 © I W 
W 
5 

PART II 
OF JEANE 
DIXON'S 1977 
PREDICTIONS 

OLD AGE IS 
_____ 
Dr. Al** Comfort who 
B b ’ ■ ’ 
T enjoyed his fame aa a beat 
V J f U JL J I J I J 
L selling author on sex, 
Y I omer9o<* fr°ra hie world* 
I |\ |f renowned work on gerontology 
* 
W 
A Y V M M J A E with a revolutionary message: you're aa old aa society makes you! Retirement now begins at 6o or 55 . . , and we allow ourselves to age accordingly. 
His solution — which is for both the young and now-old .. . he otters w ays to deal with every problem ol ag. from Continues homing loss p j | to bereavement . 
T* J to fighting the tile 
|aged s slipping E x p iC M placement in society. 

And Many Other 
Outstanding Features! 
Don't Miss a Single 
Call 225-7411 to ‘ 

 t 

Dry type o f pleurisy is painful 

Dear Dr. Thosteson: 
My dad is 91 and has pleurisy. His doctor drained fluid from his chest cavity twice, a quart the first time and two quarts the second. He did have X-rays and a number of tests done. 
What causes the fluid to accumulate? Dad has a persistent cold, a runny nose, and phlegm. He tends to cough when he eats or drinks. He says he feels tired and wants to sleep most of the time. — CC. 

It’s anatomy lesson time. 
The lungs are covered with a double membrane. These pleural “ sheets” have a narrow space between called the pleural cavity. Normally, one rides over the other, allow­ ing for easier expansion of the _ lungs. An inflammation of this * pleural space is called pleur­ isy. 
The pleurisy can be either what is called “ wet” or “ dry.” 
In your father’s case, since you do not mention any great pain involved. I assume it is the wet type. The dry type is quite painful because of fric­ tion of the two swollen mem­ branes rubbing against each other, as they do in breathing. 
Any infection that affects the lungs can cause pleurisy. 
Pneumonia is a prime one, as is tuberculosis. Also, conges­ tive heart failure or malignancy may lead to it. as can a serious attack of in­ fluenza. 
This condition would naturally make your dad feel tired to the extent it interferes with his proper breathing. 
Bedrest and heat applications help. Antibiotics to attack the infection can be considered. 
Protective fluid is produced in any infection of mucous tissue as in the pleura. It will continue to be produced until the infection is cleared up. 
Cataracts 
Dear Dr. Thosteson: Are babies born with cataracts? Do many young people have them, and if so can you explain why? — Mrs. M L. 
Babies and young children can have cataracts. Those present at birth are called congenital cataracts, and result from a birth defect, as from rubella (German measles) early in pregnancy. Immunizing of young gi$s has prac­ tically eliminated that problem, however. 
Inflammation of the eyes during fetal growth can also cause cataracts, as can a mixup of gene combinations, causing faulty development of the eye lens. 
Later, certain metabolic disorders as galactosemia 
(inability to handle milk sugar) can result to cataract formation. It is rare. For a complete discussion of catar­ acts (and glaucoma) sent 25 cents and a stamped, self- addressed envelope to me in care of this newspaper, and 
1 11 send you my booklet on this. 
Dear Dr. Thosteson: I am a 71-year-old woman who eats between IOO and 15o radishes in about four or five days — well-cleaned and peeled. I eat them like candy and really crave them. Am I lacking something in my diet? — Mrs. 
E L . 
Too young 

Dear Dr. Thosteson: Can using the birth control pills before puberty cause any problems for a young girl? — 
Mrs. T G. 
It should not be done. 
Of course, from a practical standpoint, there would be no pregnancy risk if ovulation is not occurring. That is the principal sign of puberty. However, there may be some pre-pubertal girls using contraceptive pills “ to be sure.” 
.They shouldn't. 
To learn the moior categories of prostate trouble — symptoms, treat­ ment, how to speed recovery —- read Dr. Thosteson* booklet, "The Pesky 
Prostate ” For a copy write to him in care of this newspaper, enclosing long, self-addressed, stamped envelope and 25 cents. 

NANCY 

I T H I N K 
G E T M Y 
F O R T U N E 

Health 
By 
George C. Thosteson, 
JMLD. 

WORDY 
CURDY 
BY TR ICKY RICKY 

I. M ove quickly, sister ( I ) 

Every w o rd y c u rd y answer is a rhyming pair of words ( like True Blue, 
Plain Jane, and Humpty Dumpty >. - 
Read the definition, then think of two rhyming w ords that will fit in the letter squares. The number after the definition tells you how many syllables in each word of the rhyming pair. 

2- Jam es’s Virginia cigarettes ( I ) 
I 
J. T o w hom does this liquor belong? ( I ) 
I I I l l I 
I 
4. More ailing clergym an (2) 

1 1 I I L l ■ . x r m 
5. C un n ing English actor H ow ard (2) 

 r i r r m n m 
6. Burial vault with a small piece broken off ( I ) 

 a n i 
7. C o m fo rt the governor o f Alabam a (2) 

 n vivYiSM ovid* t uses a sum.) ssoajsi im p s av UA s n o t s * iro n s mmm s ski is snit r nun is,is i 
VI MMV 

Astrology 

CARROLL RIGHTER 

YO U A R E V E R Y 
G E N E R O U S — 
Y O U W O U L D 
G I V E 
T H E 
S H I R T O FF 
Y O U R B A C K 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS w z 

 i t r : 

 et u* * l 

■Saturday January 8 1977 
Page 

To have your problem s o lv e d or ques- lions answered* write Action-Express, P.O. 
Box 2171* Situ Antonio. TX 7Ii2*)7. 
FRED BASSET 

(SKT ME k NICE 
BOW-WOW ? 

MW... 

MICE BOW-WOW, 
NICE BOW-WOW 

BYE BYE, BOW-WOW ! 

( 
I DO hate being called a bou>-uttu> • 

 ll 

U 

I 

 o r m farm: 

MOMMA 
[7 F R A N C I* , T V E D E C O D E D I T * 9 G * T IF VO LL 
*PBND VOUK TIME IN THE U BRM STY INSTEAD 
OP (ORIVE-IN MOVIE*, HAVE PINNER HE(?E e very n ig h t in*teap o p ju s t o n c e a 
W E E K , A N C ? G I V E U P & K L * A L T O G E T H E R : 
POZ THE TIME oEIN6 // 

' IF I F U L L 
T H I * OPP, i v e m a o e 
MOTHERHOOD 
HISTORY 

My subject is a commercial worm raising operation in a residential area. 
What are city ordinances controlling a worm farm that covers an entire back yard? This is an unsightly eyesore and lf my common sense is correct, an operation of this size will have the smell of a pig sty 
Can such an operation be legal in an area that is zoned for homes only? 
What course of actions do I have or who must I contact to have this terminated? Can I he city government make this person remove the worm farm or must I hire an attorney to have this done? 
This particular situation is happening in my community and the front is that it is a hobby. 
Your reply will be appreciated as several neighbors are going to be waiting for the answer 
A. W. S. 

-VlgC-l 
OUT 

MARK TRAIL 

STEVE ROPER 
C S U R P R IS E , S U R P R IS E ,'- A ^ 
PLA S T IC - W R A P P ED PACKAG E .' 

P U U IT OUT AND U N W R A P IT ' 
I DARESAY THE CONTENTS 
WKL BE MO SURPRISE ! 

Ic 
I RECKON THESE D 
BE • STAN BUSElOW'S 
* 

WELL NOW 
AREN T YOU 
THE SMART 
_ 
ONE / • • H A N O \ 
T H E M ' o r e * /J 

DOONESRURY 

..a n d m s m ost 
OTHER MJC CARONS OF 
9C oRS sw r b a ck to 
THE HOUSE! THEY'RE 

RIGHT AMAY! 
OH, BY THS MAY, 
M PS. DAVHJPOR, 
TUERS ARM A 
COUPIM O F LOB ­ 
BYISTS H ERS TO 
S S S YOU.. 
^ 
IJJ 

 you (M r b s 

 se r io u s! m y 
FIRST LOBBYISTS? 
ALREADY? 

YES, 
MA'AM 

GRACIOUS1 
MNICH 
SPEGAL 
INTERESTS? 
/ 

HANDGUNS 

 a n d o il . 

HOM excrriNGJ 
HAVE THEM 
M AH FOR 
A MMUS! 
/ 

T . 
*• 
&£>'/%* 

-tStr — 
~ --SHP 

MARY WORTH 

I Ti an kl* and S ib goes to Lillian 
Nicholas of Napet 
Ville, IL for ft 7. 
Send your entry to thb new spaper 

DON'T WORRY ABOUT THE TIME' 
I LL GET YOU BACK TO CRAWFORD'S 
OFFICE BEFORE THE TARDY BELL 
RINGS.' 

■H. 
■J 

ZA­ 

RICK O ’SNAY 

 h ip s h o t ! yo u 
G O T AAV M I S S A L 
I CMCZN'T K N O W I 
V O U 't? gkC H E R E 

V 

Y O U 'R E L O O K I N ' Cf O O VR. 
C O N S I D E R I N ' Y O U J U S T 
S P E N T T E N V E A K O I N 
T H E F L A M 
M 
E R \ 

B U T J A A A F K 
I U 
N 
' G O O D ! 
W A D Y T ' G L T B A C K T ' 
A A V L l F t l ' S W 
O 
R K S 
K 

DM CS 
W A S I T 
T H A T L O N G ? 
AAV, 
H O W 
T I A A C F L I E S S ! 

.. T H A T 'S 
W H A T A H 

AF* c* A l PP 
O F . 

APARTMENT 3-G 

G E N E R A L 
T E N D EN ­ 
CIES: a good day to expand your spiritual and philoso­ phical disposition to a new and more lofty level of ex­ pression. Think of ways to gain the goodw ill of persons you would like to know better. 

A m e s (M g r. I I lo Apr 
I t I 
Study * n o t* v * r is o» a p u n tin g no!o ie to you and come up wtts toe right answ er* 
Pion rte* wee* * 
Activities cicely 
T A U R U S (Apr 
2o lo M ay 2o* 
Got m tones with individual* Kite con help you oom u personal Qim 
W o re constructivi* plane tor the pay* uheud 
G E M IN I (M ay I I lo June II* 
Study iu*t now to pom more pro* tige in tnt community where you r«*ide 
Anolyte your progress in 
Cdr«er matter* 
MOON C H IL D R E N (Ju n e 22 to 
Ju ly Ii* lot* witn a perron o! w i*dom ond (m d u Defter woy of expressing your talent* and becom e more *utee**(ut 
L E O (Ju ly I I lo Auo TU v * " ' intuition I* w orkin g accurately today and you *houid toliow it* promot­ ing* 
Th* social side of Ult con be very satisfying today 

V IR G O (A ug. 22 lo Sept 
IS I 
Good dov lo contact associates and 

 plan the future with them 
Jo se no chance* with your reputation today 

L IB R A (Sept l l to O d I I ) Stud so me way of knowing your grail lode to tho*e who have done you mony favor* Come to o better un dem anding with tim 
SC O RPIO (O d 21 Ie Nov l l ) Do something p articu larly thoughtful today for th# on* you love Sidestep one who is a troublemaker 
S A G IT T A R IU S (N O V 
I I to Dec. 
H I 
Try lo pleat* family members more ond in cre ase harm on y of home Do some entertaining today pu* watch the cost 
C A PR IC O R N (D e c I I to Ja n 2«> 
Go to ptoces where high minded people congregate and elevate your consciousness Strive tor nappmess 

A Q U A R IU S (Jo n 21 to Feb. IT) 
Attend services ot your choice early in the day 
Later loin good friends in recreation you mutually emov 
P IS C E S (R e b 
JO lo M ar 
IO) 
Muse plan* to have greater agon d an ce in the fu tu re 
Toke no chance* with person* who are not your type 
IF 
Y O U R 
C H IL D 
IS 
B O R N 
TODAY he ar she Will be oh ie lo team up nicely with other* tor putting through interesting protects 
D ire c t ed u cation oiong lines of serving the public 
Teach to finish whatever is started 
Don t neglect ethical training early in life 

Jeane Dixon’s Sunday horoscope bas been delayed. 

 o ^ea A A fe e /^ K 

U / U St C A cJ / u n q c ? o 4 d C c/ O U A , n o m e / u n m o/intcuM L j? rn 
' c ftx /e 
&AlMLa 

> 
TOMMIE > 
*Y 
Twi5 15 THE 
MOST BEAUTIFUL 
PROPOSAL I'VE 
EVEf? S E E N ' ! TEEL 
A5 THOUGH I'M s GOING TO CRY 

GRANNY 

I r?CME M V SEEMED t o 
I HAV £ rOCC-CTTEN THE- 
UADPEI? UVT HECT r” Vs- I ti 
J 
I 

/ $ 

MAYSE 
’Ca n n y loi ll 
*1 HANK ME r tc acIN&N& 
IT £ A c 'K 

 o o a 
X 

Russell L i n d i e s of the 

San Antonio Building and 
Zoning Department said worm farms are a rarity and not listed as a categor­ ized use in the zoning re­ gulations. 
Hut worm farms are not 

 allowed in residential ar­ eas. Residentially zoned A areas are for single fa­ milies. B areas are for du­ plexes and home opera­ tions, such as seam­ stresses, dentists with one 

 chair or the like. 
To register a complaint, 

 contact Building and Zon­ ing at 225-1o51. Lindley said they would take action within three days. 
After Building and Zon­ ing contacts the person operating the worm farm. he will have IO days to cor­ rect the situation. lf he does not comply 

 with Building and Zoning, the ease will be taken lo 
Municipal Court. 

CB interference 

Please help me with a problem that I am facing for the coming new year. I own a 19 inch color television set that receives Citizens Band (C B ) reception from my neigh­ bor’s driveway which is relatively close to our set 
The reception from the C.B. grows weaker with dis­ tance, hut it is still irritating. 
The neighbors have cooperated with us and moved the car a distance from our set. What I was wondering, to try to completely resolve the problem, is if there is any type of electrical addition or gadget which can be used to eliminate this reception. 
Please let me know as soon as possible so we can remedy this situation. 

It. M. 

The answer to your prob­ lem is a linear filter. 
Electrotex. 
12oo 
W. 

Hildebrand Ave., 735 9271, sells the television inter­ ference (T V !) traps tor both citizens band radios and television sets. 

The citizens hand TV I 

 trap sells for about $2o to 
$25, depending on the size and type of model you will need. 

The television TVI trap 

 sells for $H to $1o. 

San Antonio jewelry 

I would like to know if there is a jewelry store in San 
Antonio that has 14 karat gold charms depicting someth­ ing about San Antonio. 
I collect charms of places I have lived at or visited. I will be moving this mummer and would like to have the charm before I leave. 
M. C. P. 

Ciildemeisters. 2o9 E. 

Travis St., 225-71o4, has a l l karat gold charm of the liem isFair 
Tower for 
$42 5o. 

 lf you would like someth­ ing else, E. Ileger Co., 21o9 
N. Main Ave., 712-389o, has a l l karat gold charm of the 
Alamo It sells for $oo. 

Copyright! 

I would like to know how to get a song copyrighted. 
Also, can several songs be copyrighted at the same time? I have heard many suggestions on copyrighting songs, but nobody seems to have a complete answer. 
In addition, where or to whom can I sell my songs without getting ripped off? 

For all information on cop>righting, send for 

“ (General Information on 
Copyrights,” Register of 
Copyrights, Library of 
Congress. 
Washington, 

D C.. 29559. 
Ib is booklet has all in­ formation on copyrighting literary , dramatic, musical 

C. L. T. 

 and artistic works. You can even copyright maps and photographs. 

 lf you have an attorney, 

 vou should also check op­ tions with him. Lawyers know about cop*right laws and they may have some helpful suggestions. 

Shower control 

The other day you published a question and reply about shower control regarding the metering of waler flow in a shower. 
I agree, there is no device lo meter the water, but there is a simple device which limits or controls the flow of water 
The preset flow rate is independent of waler pressure, within normal limits, aud rates of flow art* available from two to lh gallons per minute for domestic use; through hundreds of gallons per minute for commercial or industrial applications. 
There are several manufacturers of this device, and it is inexpensive. about 15. 

The device is a shaped, calibrated rubber orifice which expands and contracts uniformly in size as water pressure decreases or increases, so that the rate of flow is constant. 
I agree thai it would be Impractical and fairly expensive in the usual residence lo meter the water used in a single shower. 
However, like most things, it could In* done if expense is no objection. 
S. M. 

Thank you very much for 

 this additional Information. 
The B It (i flow regula­ tors are available at Frie­ drich Air Conditioning and 
Refrigeration Co. There are various sizes and capa­ cities. 
The Lions ( tub also has a 

 shower control device in its 
International Magazine. 
The device, a Noland i Shower Flow Control, cuts 

 waler consumption in half when installed in a shower head. 
The shower flow control 

 henelits the consumer and can be easily installed by the homeowner. 
Only 
Lions 
Club 

 members can sell this shower flow control. E ach shower flow control pack­ age (containing two) sells tor $1. 

San Antonio EXPRESS-N EW S— Saturday January 8 1977 
Villa shows little change in 3o years 

Continued from Page IB 

 this stretch of roadway was’ 
One of our most pleasant hours was spent nearby — and you’ve missed something if you haven’t visited these old towns off the road here. 
We chose to visit Villa de Santiago 
—- little changed since we first visited it 3o years ago. We parked on the little plaza, beside a blooming rosebush and climbed a high flight of steps to enter the old church of San­ tiago el Apostol 

The Nativity scene in front of the altar was so appealing. Dirt had been brought in and placed across the raised floor iii front of the altar. It was a Holy Land desert scone in miniature. 

In the d irt many sm all desert plants had been placed. Some of the larger plants were draped with 
Spanish moss. 

Amid the plants were many small figures. Some were Bib lical ch ar­ acters 
— the 
W ise 
Men. the 
Shepherds. . . But many were simply people working in the fields and dressed in the fashion of long ago 
Mexico. 

II hat loving care had gone into making this 
Christmas scene 

A sm all, shiny silver a rtific ia l 
C hristmas tree seemed touchingly appropriate. But most appealing of all was the big maguey plant — its flaring green leaves decorated with bright gold, blue and red balls. 

What loving care had gone into making this Christmas scene! 

But moments that live forever in memory come at unexpected times and places. 

Though there were many cele­ brants in other parts of tile hotel, the 
“ 19oo Bar” at the Ancira was a quiet place after midnight when Bonnie and I dropped in from welcoming 
1977 on the nearby plaza. 

The bar itself is m assive and beautiful. It bas all the dignity of the turn of the century that gives the room its name. 
There were only about 15 or 2o people in the room when we sat down in one of the equally massive dark wood and red leather booths. Nearly 
Labor group endorses 2 

The San Antonio AFL-CIO's Com­ mittee on Political Education has endorsed two candidates for the San 
Antonio River Authority and the Ed ­ wards Underground Water District iii the Jan. 15 election 
Endorsed by COPE for re-election to his Place 2 hoard post with the 

 river authority was William Hay man 

Bunny bulkin was endorsed by 
COPE for a post on the underground water district board 
COPE earlier had approved the 1o-1 city districting plan and urged labor members to support it. 

 all those there were men and plainly were regulars — no tourists. 
The door to the street opened and in walked a tall, thin, bald man wearing a long overcoat. 
Greeted by applause 

He was greeted as “ Maestro” and there was a sprinkling of applause. 
Without taking off his overcoat or saying a word, the man sat down at the piano on a little platform at one 
('lid of the bar. He adjusted the dis­ tance of the piano bench and sounded some wonderful, deep-toned chords. 
Then he played “ Happy Birthday” and followed it by “ Las Manunitas.” 
As he finished, those present clapped — not boisterously but in the kindest way. 
The man rose from the piano bench, made a one-quarter turn to face his listeners and bowed as for­ m ally as a concert pianist at 
Carnegie Hall. A slight but pleased sm ile flicked across his angular, high-cheek-boned face. 
Then it dawned on Bonnie and me that the pianist was one of Los Ino- centes — The Innocent Ones — and those in the bar were treating him with wonderful kindliness. 
Next he played the Wedding March 
I in a fashion that would honor any bride. 
Hows, little smile 
Again the applause — again the bows aud the little smile. 
We stayed for four or five pieces — most of them the old classics of 
Mexico. After each came the ap­ plause and the bows. 
We don't know who moved us most 
— the gentle man at the piano or the kind hearts who honored him by their reception of his playing. 

Parking lot doesn’t hurt 
Alamo site 

E V E N THE. steam is tem pting when fresh-pulled green corn is boiled in its shuck in an open-air pot at a roadside stand near Monterrey 

By WILSON MCKINNEY 

Building a small staff parking lot on the Alamo grounds did no damage to the historic site, state ar­ cheologist Curtis Tunned said Friday. 
Tunned said the parking lot, being built just inside tha east wad of the Alamo grounds, was examined 
Friday by Dr. Tom Hester of the University of Texas at San Antonio at the re­ quest of the State Historical 
Commission. 
Dr. Hester reported the lot was on a portion of the grounds which had been filled in during the late 
193os. Leveling of the sur­ face for the lot did not go through the 193o fill, Tun­ nel! said Hester reported. 
“ In this case no damage was done,” Tunned said. , 
The Alam o was trans- 

There’s ed ucationa l op p ortunity at y o u r d o o r at 
SOUTHWEST CENTER of the 
SAN ANTONIO UNION JUNIOR COLLEGE DISTRICT 
8oo Q U IN T A N A RO AD 

* A cad em ic an d technical courses from 

SAN ANTONIO COLLEGE and ST. PHILIP’S COLLEGE 
* N o n -cre d it con tin u in g e d u cation p ro g ra m s 
-G .E.D . classe s 

DAY A N D EVEN IN G CLASSES AVAILABLE 

FOR REGISTRATION A N D CO UNSELING 
IN FO RM A T IO N VISIT 
SOUTHWEST CENTER 
OR CALL 924-6461 

Governors meet with 
V 
Ag secretary designee 

OM AHA, Neb. (APT - 
Four western states gover­ nors and agriculture of­ ficials of 12 other states huddled Friday to discuss farm problems with 
Agriculture Secretary-de­ signate Bob Bergland. 
The meeting, convened late Friday afternoon by 
Comptroller clears Lance in bank case 

GRIMM’S your complete professional garden center 

NORTHEAST 
6923 Son Pedro 
Ph. 344-4576 

DPIN DAILY I 3o-4:oo 
SUNDAY 9 OO 6 OO 
THURSDAY TILL 
• OO P M 

NORTHWEST 
17o4 Bondtro Rd. 
Ph. 434-4111 □ 

*■ 'v r r i pecanIrees1 

 fresh Arrival Re*I Paper - Shell ■ 
Varieties For San Antonio and Sur- | rounding Area*. 

CHOOSE FROM c J £ 
★ CHOCTAW it STUART 
A r MOHAWK ★ SUCCESS ★ CHEROKEE' s i r 93 

W ASHINGTON (A P ) - 
Thomas B. Lance, named budget director by .Jimmy 
Curter, was investigated last year for possible elee- tion-luw violations in 
Lance’s 1974 campaign for governor of Georgia. But sources say the Ju s tic e 
Department decided there were no grounds for pro­ secution. 
Tile case (‘entered on campoign-furid overdrafts honored by Lance’s bank in 
Calhoun. Ga. The acting com ptroller of the cu r­ rency, who regulates na­ tional banks, says the over­ drafts were repaid at the end of the months in which they occurred. 
The Justice Department sources said prosecutors concluded that only tech­ nical irregularities were involved. 
Told Carter 

Lance, reached by tele­ phone in Atlanta, said. 
“ They investigated as they should aud reached the conclusion that there was nothing to it.’’ He said he had told Carter about the matter and that Carter had not expressed any concern. 
“ I told him so he’d know,” 
Lance said 
Lance said lie wrote a 
$5,o9o check and a letter of intent to the bank before starting his gubernatorial campaign to insure that 
‘‘any possible expenses would be charged to me in order that there wouldn’t be any question about it." 
President-elect Carter’s press secretary, 
Judy 
Powell, said: “ Obviously, we knew about this prior to the tune he (Lance) was named to OMB (Office of 
Management and Budget), and from what I ’ve been able to determine it ap­ pears that ... (he) actually went above and beyond what is usually done to in­ sure that any cam paign expenses that occurred were billed to him rather than to the bank." 
Powell said it is not unu­ sual for a bank to honor campaign overdrafts. He said such debts sometimes are carried longer than 
• until the end of the month.” 
The investigation began after a routine audit at the 
Calhoun F irst National 
Bank. Lance headed the bank when he ran to suc­ ceed Carter as governor of 
Georgia. He was defeated in the Democratic prunary by George Bushet*, the pre­ sent governor. 
Hubert Bloom, acting com ptroller of the cu r­ rency, said the bunk ex­ aminer who conducted the audit found that the Lance for Governor Campaign 
Committee had set up an account in Lance s bank and used it to pay cam ­ paign expenses. On several occasions, Bloom said, the account was overdrawn, and the bank honored the overdrafts. 
He said the bank ex­ aminer questioned whether the practice of honoring campaign-fund overdrafts. 

 constituted improper cor­ porate campaign contribu­ tions. 

Gov. J.J . Exon of Nebras­ ka. was closed to the press and lo the public, which in­ cluded some 
Montana ranchers who said they had been invited 
Among those attending was John W hite, Texas 
Agriculture Commissioner and a vigorous Texas cam­ paigner for Jim m y Carter. lie has been mentioned as a possible deputy agriculture secretary. 
White, 52. said he has not talked recently with 
Carter or his transition staff and said he had no in­ dication of how strongly he might be considered for the job. 
Asked if he would support 
Hie appointment of Carol 
Foreman, director of the 
Consumer Federation of 
America, who reportedly is 

 also considered for the post, W hite refused to comment on her specifical­ ly. 
‘ The departm ent does need some consum er cred ib ility,” he said. ‘‘I don’t know of any business in the world that goes out of its way to offend its cus­ tomers,” White said. “ The department has had a con­ cept of an adversary posi­ tion.” 
Bergland was expected to arrive from Plains, Ga., for a 6 p.m. dinner and evening discussion with the group. 
‘‘Our purpose is not to box in the new agriculture secretary,” Exon said in opening comments, tie de­ scribed Bergland as a 
“ good listener, even if he doesn’t agree with every­ thing we say." 

(erred to the Daughters of the Republic of Texas under a 1993 law requiring the governor’s permission before structural changes could be made to the shrine. 
The Alamo Committee of the DRT had taken the po­ sition no permission was needed for the parking lot because no digging was to take place. 
Tunnell said the work was covered by the Anti­ quities Code and did need clearance by the antiquities committee of the historical commission. 
“ I ’ve asked them (the 
DRT) to be more careful in the future about notifying us and the San Antonio 
Conservation 
S o c ie ty ," 
Tunnell said. 
“ It all turned out well, but the bad thing about this sort of thing is when it conies as a surprise,” he said. 
Public called 
Work oil the lot had pro­ gressed unnoticed until 
Thursday, when members of the public called San 
Antonio Historical Planner 
Patricia Osborne about it. 
There is no legal re ­ quirement the city be noti­ fied of work on the Alamo grounds. Mrs. Osborne re­ layed the report to the State 
Historical Commission. 
Tunnell said hundreds of sites iii the state are cov­ ered by the 
Antiquities 
Code: state parks, old forts, 
.even some county court­ houses. 
“ This sort of thing conies up for us every day,” he said. “ It doesn’t always end as well as this." 
Watercolors 

The San Antonio W ater­ color Group sponsors a lec­ ture with slides by Univer­ sity of Illinois art professor 
Edward Betts Monday at 
7:3o p.m. at the San Antonio 
Art lnsititute. 

 f/ 2 P P / C P 
I A M P $ A IP 
7he (vague too A o£ pew it and gtowutg 6/icud 

These lamps are skillfully crafted of finest quality 

 materials to create a lamp of superb elegance, now V2 

 price at Fisher s. Carefully selected ocean pearl shell is 

 leaded into place like fine stained glass to create these 

 transluscent shades. Available in a variety of shade and 

 lamps styles and sizes. All V2 price! 

29" CAPIZ SHELL LAMP lovely brass base. 
Reg. $8o. . . 1 / 2 OFF! 

ALL EXA C T LY 
A S ILLUSTRATED 

ELEGANT BRASS WITH CAPIZ SHELL SHADES 
34 V V to 36” high. Great look for any room. Your choice of three styles. 
Reg. $1oo. . .1 / 2 O F F !. . . 

 ok$so. 

BEAUTIFUL CAPIZ SHELL LAMPS good for study or bedroom. 
Your choice of three styles. 
Reg. $6o. . . 1 / 2 OFF!. . . 

' J 
$3o. 

O p e n D a ily 1 o -6 
Thurs. ’til 9 
(CLOSED SUNDAY) 
\rr~ u 

 distinctive home furnishings 

145o N.E. Loop 41o o f »an antonio 
Phone 824-o575 

Save up to 

 at our first combined 
5o% 

FLOORSAMPIE/IN-STORE-WAREHOUSE SALE 

I WEEK ONLY, starts today Sat., Jan. 8th 

Server, rsw. Was $76o, 

Mag-rack, teak 
Was $ 9o. 

Sofa, brown velvet 91 ” Was $655. 

Loveseat, - - 6 5 ” 
Was $52o. 

Sofa, not. cotton 81 ” 
Was $595. 

Chair, not. cotton 
Was $29o. 

Chair, gold vinyl, as is. Was $25o. 

Sofa, rust/blue 93” 
Was $955. 

Sofa, grey 
Was $855. 

NOW *49o. 
Diningtable, teak 
Was $426. 
NOW *328. 
Desk, rsw/rsw Form, top 
Wa. $1365 
NOW *99o 

NOW * 78. 
Dining chair, teak, ea. 
Was $1o8. 
NOW * 78. 
Desk w /return, teak As is. 
Was $846 
NOW ‘634 

NOW ‘478. 
Dining chair, teak. ea. 
Was $14o. 
NOW * 98. 
Desk Chair + 2 pull ups 
Was $718. 
NOW *495 

NOW *398. 
Dining chair, teak. ea. 
Was $ 93 
NOW * 68. 
Cube table. As is 
Was $22o 
NOW * 95 

NOW *458. 
Double dresser, teak 
Was $388. 
NOW *288. 
Floorlamp, teak 
Was $69 
NOW 
* 58 

NOW ‘228. 
M en's dresser, teak 
Was $377. 
NOW *288. 
Table lamp, teak 
Was $86. 
NOW 
* 68 

NOW *125. 
Single dresser, teak 
Was $2o2. 
NOW *148. 
Table lamp, chrome 
Was $59. 
NOW 
* 48 

NOW *69o. 
Mirror, 41 x22, teak 
Was $ 58. 
NOW * 38. 

NOW *595. 
Cornergroup 
Was $448. 
NOW *348. 
•i- m o r e , m o r e , m o r e 

PHOTO BV RO N JO N ES 
Previewing people’ show 

6951 San Pedro • residential 344-2338 • commercial 341-1691 

 omaruJ Slum 

UM J I JMWWA C IVA jfejgikMb rn 
Half and Large Size fashions 

SEMI-ANNUAL SALE 
Intimate Apparel 

Exceptional Values! 

SLEEPWEAR G<><* tO 
K H 

Avions ami Fleece***, Mall/, anil long length-.. 

HOKES to 
K H ., s 2 2 . s u 

Long anil short K l u r r robe* anil ( allan-. 

S I Z E S 3 8 to .>2 

 so s I a 

J. BLANTON BILK, ‘PEOPLE’ FOUNDER 
...with Peggy Balcombe-Moody, Bob Marbut at party 

By EVE LYNN SAWYER 
A preview , cocktail dinner show of Up With People in the St. 
Anthony Hotel £ave a VIP au­ dience a taste of what to ex­ pect at the public performance at 
8 p.m . Saturday, Jan. 15, in 
Laurie Auditorium. 
J. Blanton Belk of Tucson, founder and president of this international mu­ sical production and educational or­ ganization, mingled among the 125 or so guests and east members. 
Belk said he would leave Saturday for Los Angeles to attend Pele RozelLs pre-Super Bowl cocktail .carty in the 
Pasadena Civie Auditorium. 
The 8o-member cast giving the enth­ usiastic show is one of six performing all over the world in a peopie-to-people relationship. 
Up with People is non-profit. Belk told of having lunch in Mexico City with the wife of President Jose Lopez Por­ tillo and being asked to give a benefit show in the. National Auditorium Feb. ll. 
Mexico 
The east appearing in San Antonio will perform in Mexico. Jolie Cross of 
Philadelphia will lead the group south of the border. 
• 
Another cast will perform in Belfast. 

 w here they w ill be guests in homes just like in all the countries where they perform. This year they will go to IO countries and live in some 8o-1oo homes each. 
In June, one east will give a show in 
Poland, and will be presented with an international award earned after an appearance there last June. 
The casts are composed of young persons aged 18-25 from every nationa­ lity, race and financial background. 
Often they sing in the language of the country where they’re appearing. Oth­ erwise. the translation of the songs is flashed on an overhead screen. 
Jerry Shelsta, musical director from 
Casper. Wyo., travels with all six casts and helps them develop their potential as individuals as well as performers. 
He told of applications they always receive after a performance. Over 1o.ooo people a year are interviewed as poten­ tial members. They must pay tuition. 

The qualities the personnel director looks for arc personality, attitude, and orientation to people. Their singing and dancing abilities arc way down the list of prerequisites. 

The songs are written by the cast and staff members. One of the first in the preview show was the “ Song for the 
Paper Boy” w ritten with the insight of a former carrier. The show is completely 

See PREVIEW, Page VC 

H H H P l 
! 
\ 

(standing Women, 
Beauty Plan fdr ’77 

A 

Minks, Beavers, Foxes, Chinchillas, Sables 

 and Other fine furs . . . coats, strollers, 

 jackets and capes, elegantly styled of full 

 opulent skins, or handsome combinations 

 of fur with leather or suede. . . 

Three Days Only, Thurs., Tri., Sat 

Jan u ary 6 , 7 , 8 . 

Donna Rogers models a summer weight princess satin gown accented with Venise lace and beading during 
Joske's spring-summer bridal show. Some 1,ooo persons 

 attended. 

Jew eled Alencon lace trims sheer satin gown modeled by 
Ann Juen and worn with a lace mantilla. Eleanor Becker, executive editor of Bride M agazine, was guest commen­ 

 tator. 
FA S H IO N S b v PEISC H L* P H O tO S BV PAT H A M I!TON 

Fabulous Season-End 
F u r Sale 

Save 
2 5 °/c to 
% 

(no exchanges, all sales final) 

53o3 Broadway 
828 8286 

P R E V I E W 

Continued from Pace 1-C 

 changed every two years. 
Philosophical lyrics a cast member wrote after living with un impover­ ished farm family in Yu­ goslavia include. “ You know, the rich are some-* times those with plenty, and the poor, those who only have each other.” 
Experience 

Learning, through min­ gling with people from everywhere is a major benefit of the casts of Up with People and their au­ diences. 
They visit hos­ pital patients, prison in­ mates, old people’s homes’ 

 love is... 

...m a k in g h im feel 

 part o f you r fa m ily . 

TM Reg U & *>•« ON — AM rights 
W t by Lo* 
Tmh#* 

A UNIQUE M ARKETPLACE 
W hile shopping in the alley, delightful restaurant for superb, plus delicious 

AND RESTAURANT!!! hope you'll visit our salads & sandwiches, all 

 residents, schools and col­ leges. 
( ast members also go to see the institutions in a town, visit with the indivi­ duals there, and share all kinds of learning exper­ iences. 
Pounder Belk is hoping that the friendships and good will arising from this interchange of ideas will eventually lead to world peace. It’s a terrific jiossi- bility. 
The upcoming appear­ ances of Up with People are sponsored by KENS C han­ nel 5. In addition to the show in Laurie Auditorium, the cast will sing in front of the 
Alamo at 
2 pm . 
Wednesday and on barges on the San Antonio River at the footbridge between 
Commerce and Crocket at ti p.m. Friday. 
This 3o-minute river ap­ pearance will be given in the Farm er’s Market in case of rain. Students at 
John F. Kennedy and Fox 
Tech high schools will also see a free show Thursday. 
DKQ chapter sets luncheon 
Beta 
Tau chapter of 
Delta Kappa Gamma socie­ ty will meet at noon Satur­ day at 
Northern 
Hills 
Country Club for a luncheon commemorating the 4oth anniversary of the chapter’s founding. 
Paul Bode. principal of 
Cambridge Elem entary, will speak on “ School 
Happenings 1976-77,” 
Hostesses will be Milles 
Candela no De la Garza. E 
It. Westmoreland, Richard ll Neff, J. B. Passmore and 
Don M. Taylor. Social ar­ rangements are being made by Mrs. o. () Key. 
Mrs. Dan C. C alhoun is program chairman. 
District meet set Sunday 

District IV, Epsilon Sig­ ma Alpha will hold an all­ day meeting in Northern 
Hills Country Club begin­ ning with coffee at IO a m. 
Sunday. Gamma Phi is the host chapter. 
Mrs, Charles A. Jackson, district coordinator, will conduct a meeting of ail chapter presidents, Mrs. 
Tom Buel, district presi­ dent, will conduct the exe­ cutive board meeting. 
Mrs. Raymond Lueders will conduct the Past Pre­ sidents’ Auxiliary meeting. 
After luncheon the district board meeting will con­ vene. Livvy Good and Bar­ bara Smith are handling 

 teacher calendar 

MONDAY 

7:IS p.m. ( A M BR ID G E 

E L E M E N T A R Y PTO, in the auditorium. Dr. Melvin 
L Thornton, local pediatri­ cian, will speak on ‘ Physi­ cally Fit? Who Me?” Fifth and sixth grade physical education classes will give a demonstration. 

TUESDAY 

2:3(1 p.in 
H O RA CE 

MANN JU N IO R PTX. ai the school. Conrad Ander­ son, principal of Fox Tech, and Gerald Evetts, princi­ pal of Thomas Jefferson, will speak. 

3 p m. W ASHINGTON 

IRVING JUNIOR PTX. in the auditorium. Dr. Charles 
Wilson and Dave Powers, 
American Heart Associa­ tion, will give a C PR de­ monstration. 

7:3o p in. SAM HOUSTON 

C H E R O K E E 
BO O STER 

CLUB, in building one ca­ feteria. Drawing for the side of beef and savings bond will lie held 

Learn to play the organ in I 3 weeks in our 
Special Speed Course of private instruction. 
Practice organs available in your home if needed. 

N ew Thomas organs at low, low prices . . . includes one year of private lessons. 

Don't buy any organ until you see and hear the fabulous Thomas O rgan with the new 
Speakeasy and exclusive 
Color-Glo, 
Trade-ins galore. 
Choose from 
Hammon, Wurlitzer, 
Kimball, Baldwin, and others. 

 from $ I 4 9 . o o 
Rental organs 

 from $ I 5 Per 
(minimum 3 Months) 

3719 Colony Drive 
691-124o 

Windsor Park Mall 
653-6335 

W atch for the Re-Opening of 

47o7 Rigsby 
648-1o81 

2o4 Valley Hi Malt 
673-5513 

BRUCE WOOD PARQUET FLOORING CLOSE OUT SALE 
WE JUST PURCHASED THE ENTIRE INVENTORY OF BRUCE WOOD PARQUET 
FROM Wm. CAMERON AND Co. WHO HAVE DISCONTINUED HANDLING THE 
BRUCE LINE. WE MADE SUCH AN OUTSTANDING BUY THAT WE CAN OFFER 
THIS FINE PRE-FINISHED WOOD AT PRICES BELOW WHOLESALE. 
QUANTITIES LIMITED — SO HURRY FOR BEST CHOICEI 
RANCH PLANK O A K - TOAST BROW N COLOR - V A " AND V A " WIDE 
PLANKS WITH END GRAIN W ALNUT PEGS IN THE 
$ I I O 
ENDS OF RANDOM LENGTH BOARDS. 396 SO. FT. AT 
I 
PER SO. FT. 

9 ” X 9 ,,X ,/a” LAMINATED O A K TILE 
FINISH. MEDIUM BROW N 

DARK BROW N FINISH 

459 SO. FT. AT 

972 SO. FT. AT 

I 2 ” X1 2” X W ’ - LAMINATED O A K TILE - STONE 
PATTERN. MEDIUM BROW N COLOR 3oS SO. FT. AT 

I 1 
8o * PER SO. FT. 
8o * PIR SO. FT. 

$ | 5o 
PER SO. FT. 

HADDON HALL PATTERN 
6o SO. FT. AT 
PIR SO. FT. 

PER SO. FT. 

PER SO. FT. 

PER SO. FT. 

PER SO. FT. 

PER SO. FT. 

HERRINGBONE 
I 2o SO. FT. AT 
4 ’’X 6 ” X 8 " WIDE X V*" THICK X R AN D O M LENGTHS 
PRE FINISHED O A K PLANKS 
C 
MEDIUM BROW N FINISH 
48o SO. FT. AT 

DARK BROW N FINISH 366 SO. FT. AT 
HOMESTEAD PLAN K. 2 ’/«” X3'/4” WIDTHS X *A" THICK 
X RANDOM LENGTHS. MEDIUM BROW N FINISH 
$ 
374 SO. FT. AT 
VILLAGE PLANK-LAMINATED O A K PLANKS - 3 ” , 5 ", 
7 ” WIDTHS X H " X RANDOM LENGTHS. 
$ 
MEDIUM BROW N FINISH 
I 7oo SO. FT. AT 
ALSO WE OFFER THE FOLLOWING OAK PARQUET AT 
SUBSTANTIAL SAVINGS 
6 t t ” X 6 tt” X S / 1 6 ” - 6 SLATS - O A K W O O D 
MEDIUM BROW N COLOR - ANTIQUE GRADE 
I 5oo SO. FT. AT 
DARK BROW N COLOR - DELUXE GRADE 
2ooo SO. FT. AT 
4y«,,X4*/4,’X5/ 16” -UNFINISHED ASH 
IDEAL FOR THE NEW LIGHT, LIGHT LOOK 
16oo SO. FT. AT 
6 ” X 6 ” X3/ I 6 ’’-PRE FINI SH ED IMBUIA 
8oo SO. FT. AT 
AND 6” X 6 ” X 5 / 16 ” -BIAUTIFUL NATURAL W ALNUT $ f 
15oo SO. FT. AT TMI ALMOST UNBttllVAIU PRICE Of 
I 
PER SO. FT. 
WI HAVI MASTIC WHICH WILL ALLOW YOU TO STICK DOWN ANY OF THI ABOVK ON 
CONO!ITI OB WOOD SUBFLOORS ALL YOU NHO IS A SAW ANO A TROWIL. IT IS IASY 
TO DO YOURSELF OR OUR IXPKRTS WILL DO IT FOR YOU. 

OPEN 8-6 
THURS. 8-9 
SAT. 9-5 
225-2844 
CARPETS & FLOORS 

I I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I I I 
I 
I 
I I 
I 
I I 
YU3 
4 
SAN PEDRO | 

9o * PER SO. FT. 
95 * PER SO. FT. 
7o * P i . sa. FT. 
9o * PIR SO. FT. 

OO 

SINCE 
1923 

9o5 
SAN PEDRO 

SALE 

Here come the brides 

Son Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Saturday ^January 8 1977 

Alpha Delta Pi to hold meeting 

San Antonio Alumnae As­ sociation of Alpha Delta Pi will hold a dessert party and meeting at 7:3o p.m. 
Monday in the home of Mrs. 
Earl E. Schneider Mrs. 
Hannah Mohle will he co­ hostess. 
The day group will meet for coffee at Kl a rn. Tues­ day in the home of Mrs. 
Harry Auspitz. Mrs. Ronald 
Orreil will he co-hostess 

SELEC T 
STOCK 
K N IT 
WARM 
UPS 
V A LU ES 
TO 

 l/2 O F F 

PHM Es (.OMI) IIM. 
J X V ll 
M W ) se ct I M * S O T o s T U ) 
(.ll W i l l i e * I I M O M ) 

A va Elsik’s straw berry chiffon attendant’s gown is styled with a drape which can be tied many ways. Bridal W eek ends Saturday with a 
School for Brides at I p.m. in Joske's Down- 

 fb/ehouudd 

 i n s t RKsnOKT jii v sr. u no s noir vrow v 

Parent 
DARE TO DREAM 

T R A IN IN G 
SHO ES 
V A LU ES 
UP 
IO 

O F F 

The POWER of FAITH 

BY 
W O O D I IS H M A E L 
RELIGION 

Saturday January 8 I 977 
PARKHILL 
SUNSET RIDGE 
CHURCH OF CHRIST 
BAPTIST 
14o)5 San P e d ro Ave 
O r John Barbee. Postor 
Sid W M tllegan. Education 
Lloyd G arcia, M u sic Director 
Sam Sowder, M in iste r of Youth 
K o rish a Leaper, M u sic A You*** 
V 3o A M 
Su n d ay School 
IO IO A M W O R S H IP S E R V IC E 
5 45 P M. C H R IS T IA N T R A IN IN G 
6 45 P M 
E V E N IN G S E R V IC E 
J 3o P M W E D N E S D A Y P R A Y E R 
S E R V IC E 
Supervised n u rse ry al all services 

Baptist Bibre 

Fellowshi 
GRACE BAPTIST 
TEMPLE 
1928 B asse R d 
(N orthside) 
| 
Phone 
732 *323— 455 *533 
W n 
E 
Fortson. P o slo r 
I Sunday School— 9 45 a rn. M o rn in g 
W orship IO.45; T rain in g Union o:oo o rn. Evening E van ge listic Service 
*■3o p m 
Church N u rse ry open every Ser 
■ ice 
Special w elcom e extended to 
-•‘ar/ weekend visitors and new com ers to 
MJC 'he city 

World Baptist Fellowship 

HUISACHE AVENUE 
BAPTIST CHURCH 
1339 w 
H uisache Ave 
Dr 
Claud J 
Bonam . Pastor 
Rev Cloud J. Beworn, jr. 
Associate Postor 
Younq People s Leader 
Choir Director 
Rev 
F re d Bonam , 
Associate Postor, 
* 
Young Adult Teacher 
Sunday Services — All B 'b ie Sun dov School IO OO a rn 
W orship Service 11 OO o rn 
A d u lts Y oung P e o p le s and Chil aren s Meeting * 3o p m 
Evening Service 7 3o p m 
Wednesdov 
P ro v e r 
Service 
7 3o p in 
45 Y e o rs in Son Antonio 

Tune in D r 
C lo u d J 
B o n a m on 
K O R Y ra d io . I I IO on y o u r d ia l 
M onday thru 
Saturdov 
7 3o 7 45 a rn. 

B rees of E m p o ria 
Telephone 824-45*8 
M inister . R oy P. O sborne 
Bible d o s s e s — 9:15 a rn W o rsh ip 
Services — IO 3o a rn and 6 uO p rn. 
W ednesdov Bible C la sse s — IO a m and 7 3o p m . Attended n u rse ry tor all services 

Community Church 
TDINHY aural 

875o Fourw inds Dr, 
IH 35 at Loop 41o 
"In te r Denom inational 
Congregation of B e lie ve rs" 
Postor A L L E N R A N D O L P H 
W orship 
8 I S A M 
Bible Fellow ship 
9 45 A M 
W orship . 
IO SO A M 
Body Life Service 
6 OO P M 
W ednesday 
Charism atic Teaching 
7:3o P M 
T hursd ay 
Hom e M in istrie s 
7 .3o P M 
N u rse ry tor all services 

Episcopal 
Churches 

Charismatic 

T H E B I B L E 

N o . 2 7 3 . F o u r Y o u n g M e n o f J u d a h 

REVIVAL TEMPLE 
131o T exos Avenue 
John M Bell P oslor 
M D Beadles. Assistant 
Sunday School, 9:45 a rn 
M orn in g W orship, 1o:45 a m 

Pre service prover, 6 3o p rn 
E v e n in g W o rsh ip . 7:oo P M 
W ednesdov P ra y e r & Bible Study of 
7 oo p m. 

Charismatic Baptist 

CALVARY CHAPEL 
11o7 W 
H ildebrand 
F. Goode Foster-Pastor 
In the third year of the reign of King Jehoiakim of Judah, Babylon's King Nebuchadnezzar attacked Jerusalem and took away many of the treasures He also decreed that certain bright, eager sunaaV ^hooI-’iOAM children of Judah should be brought to his palace for a three-year educational and training program .' w a r s h ip - 1^ a m ^ ^ 
Am ong those selected from Judah were four young men of exceptional character and intelligence: wed°EveV-7 w p m 
D aniel (who was called Belteshazzar); Hananiah (who was called Shadrach); M ishael (called Nursery Provided 
Meshach) and Azariah (called Abednego) 
"A s for these four children, God gave them knowledge and skill in all learning and wisdom: Daniel had understanding in all visions and dreams 
And in all matters of wisdom and understanding, that the king inquired of them, he found them ten times better than all the m agicians and astrologers that were in all his realm." (Daniel 1:17 & 2o) 

Chrismon Church 

I Disciples of Christ ) 

AP Newsfeatures 

A S p e c ia l 
In v it a t io n 
To A t t e n d 
C h u rc h F r o m 

Aggregate Plant 
Products Co. 

Of H'tjhv 
I D I H I 
Sears, Roebuck and Co. 

Garza Finance Co. 
IO J S I lot es St 
( A a ?4gl 

Bexar County 
National Bank 
Mem ber i o u 

Jell-Craft Punch Poses 
M anufactured bv Bin 
Bonnet 
Potato C u p Com pony 

PRIMITIVE BAPTIST 
CHURCH 
4o5 Walton Avo 
Meets 1st, znd and 4fh Sund ays of 
IO 3o A M 
Fo r inform ation call 661 7o58 utter 
6 OO P M 

Southern Baptist 
CASTLE HILLS FIRST 
BAPTIST CHURCH 
222o N W M ilitary Hwy 
Bianco exit off Loop n o 
Proclaim ing the 
Abundant Life rn Christ 
Dr G eorge H H o rn s, Postor 
Jom es H Ennis. 
Assoc late Poster 
M alcolm A G rainger, 
Minister of M u sic 
E d R Human, 
F ie!(1 I vongelisf 
Irvin g Cook 
Education Director 
Helen Cade. 
Church Visitor 
Sunday Schools (9( 3o- It OO a rn I 
Ship Se rv ic e s (9 3o % m g We n rn mg W orship 
7 OO p 
OI) P n 

Assembly 

Castle Hills 
ASSEMBLY 
2 U Roleto 
( I i M iles West of Centro! Pork 
M ull on Loop 41o1 
34? 4279 
Pastor John Huaee 
Sunday School v lo A M 
M o rn in g W orship 
IO 
:o A M 
Evening W orship 
6 OO P M 
T U E S D A Y 

Study A 
City Wide Bib 
Y o u t h S e r v i c e 
7 i 
N u rse ry provided Ut all se r.it 
•The C hurch You we Been Loom 
For 

Assem b ly of God 

FIRST ASSEMBLY 
OF G O D 
8)o % t M ilitary Or 
(Between R o o itv tlf and Flores) 
R ev Ooy Robison Pastor 
Phone 922 7S4t — 924 i$87 

 or ser y open tor oil services 

CRESTVIEW BAPTIST 
CHURCH 
W olrem at E o a le cre st— 455 7451 
(I Mile E ast OI Roosevelt 
High School) t o n y t 
J O N E S . Pastor 
S A M M O O R E 
M u sic Director 
V 4S a rn 
Bible Study tor od owes 
I) On a m Wot ship service 
6 OII p m Sunday night P la te 
7 OO p m E ve n in g W orship Service 
7 OO p rn 
W ednesday P ro ve r Ser vice N u rse ry open for od service* 
Visitors welcome 
Com e G row With U s ’ 

EISENHAUER ROAD 
BAPTIST 
39So Eisenhouer Road 
Hon F e ll*mend. Pastor 
Phil Jewett M inister ut M usic and 
Youth 

We 

FIRST BAPTIST 
CHURCH s is M cC ullough 
"O n ly M in utes A w ay by E x p re ssw a y " 
O r Jim m y R Allen. Pastor 
Sunday Se rvice s 
9 JO o rn Su n d ay School ll OO a o M o rn in g W orship 
6 OO p rn C hurch T rain in g 
7 o5 p rn E vening W orship 
7 15 p rn W e d n e s d a y m id w eek s e rv ic e iB r o o d c o s t o v e r K K Y x 
Radio and k S A T (Channel 12. II OO a rn Sunday I 

NORTHEAST 
BAPTIST CHURCH 
293o Bitters R o a d — 824 7235 
W H 
L o n g — Pastor 
Rex Shannon— Education 
Clift H a rd e n — M usic/Y outh 
S U N D A Y sc h t d u l e 
9 3o a m Bible Study (All odes) 
1o SO a m W orship 
4 3o p in Youth Choir 
6 OO p m. C hr istion T raining 
6 OO p rn E lem entary C h o *'* 
7 OO ii rn E ve n in g W orship 
W E D N E S D A Y S C H E D U L E 
6 OO o m M issio n a ry O rganizations 
I IO o m M id Week Service 
8 2o p rn Adult Choir 
N U R S E R Y O P E N A L L S E R V IC E S 
W E E K D A Y 
K IN D E R G A R T E N 
P R O G R A M 

NORTHRIDGE PARK 
BAPTIST CHURCH 
Chevy Chase and Eisenhouer Rd 
TA4 o539 
Jam es M 
Reid 
Postor v to u rn 
Sut'dov 
St hon! oil 

 a 
M. 
Wt 

 hut 
C OO P rn 
I yening W orship Service 
7 3o p m 
W ednesday. Pr v i* N u rse ry open tor Od 
Visitors welcome 

ALAMO HEIGHTS 
CHRISTIAN CHURCH 
64oo Block N 
New Braunfels 
828-5728 
Rev 
E a rl R 
Bissex, M inister 
P o rk e r E 
Cross. 
Associate M inister 
8 3o a rn W -rsh ip Service 
9 45 a rn C h u rch School 
1o SO o m W orship Service 
I? OO 
Noon — Fellow ship 
6 p.m. Youth M eetings 
Excellent N ursery. Am ple p arking 
CENTRAL CHRISTIAN 
CHURCH 
M om Avenue ot R om an o P lu to 
227 5273 
M in iste rs 
Or 
Thom as Younqbiood 
Royce E 
M o k in 
C hurch School 
9 45 a rn 
W orship IO 45 a m 
Fam ily p ro gra m s 
6 p m 
N ursery available 
A Friendly wet com e awaits von Plenty of parking 
COMMUNITY 
CHRISTIAN CHURCH 
(Disciples of Christ) 
C H U R C H S C H O O L 9 45 A TA 
W O R S H IP 11 UU A M 
(N u rse ry Provid ed) 
Live Oak Elem entary School Old 
Spanish Tr 
& W elcom e Dr 
Dean t 
R ogers, 
Minister 
Office Phone 654 6666 
W OODLAW N 
CHRISTIAN 
CHURCH 
(D isciples of Christ) 
West G ram e rcy ot Elm endorf 
(across tram W oodlawn Clr I 
17oo F re d e rick sb u rg Rd 
Rev 
B L 
Brow n 
Senior M inister 
The Rev 
Tom w 
Neal, Associate 
M in ister 
S u n d a y S e r v ic e 
C h u rc h Sch o o l 
9 JO M orning w orship IO 45 

Serm on S u b le t: 
"W h at 
Is 
Y our 
R e ligio n ?" t venmg Youth G roup. 6 UG p rn. 
Child cate d m m g m o rn in g set vice 
A m ple p o rk m g 
A lr len d ly welcome aw aits you 

CHRISTCHURCH 
Belknap at West R ussell 
Su n d ay 
8 OO o rn. Holy Com m union 
9 oo a rn. Fam ily Service and S u n ­ day School 
11:oo a m. M o rn in g W orship 
(Is l and 
3rd 
Su n d a ys— H oly 
Com m union) 
Tuesd ay 
5:oo p.m . H o ly C o m m u n io n a n d 
H ealing Service 
T h u rsd a y 
IO oo a m. Holy Com m union 
The 
Rev 
John 
H 
M acN au g h to n 
Rector 
The Rev Hom er Tom lin 
The Rev. M elvin G ray 
The Rev Sam uel Todd Jr 
Associate Rectors 
The Rev Sam uel O rr Capers, D D 
Rector Em eritus 

NORTHEAST 
THE CHURCH OF 
RECONCILIATION 

Storcrest at B arrington in M o rym o n t 

8 OO a m 
H oly C om m u nion 
IO 3o o rn M o rn in g W orship N u rse ry and 
Sunday School 
Rev 
Joe L. Brow n 
Rector — Tel 
655 2731 or 824 221o 

CHURCH OF 
ST. STEPHEN 
SOUTHEAST 

C H U R C H O F 
ST S T E P H E N 
S O U T H E A S T 
372* S New B raunfels at IH 37 
4 M inutes from Downtown 
Phone: 534-54o9 
The Rev. C harles H B e rry Jr., 
Rector 
S U N D A Y 
8 o m Holy Com m union, 
IO a m 
E u c h a r ist C h u rc h Sch o o l classes, n ursery 
T U E S D A Y 
7 3o p rn 
Eucharist Healing 
W E D N E S D A Y 
IO a m 
Holy 
Com m union 
I 
ST. GEORGE 
EPISCOPAL CHURCH 
*9o4 West A venue at M ilitary H w y 
The Rev R Randolph Cooper. 
Rector i 
Church Phone 
342 4261 
D ay School Phone 342 42*1 
S U N D A Y : 
W o rsh ip S e rv ic e 9 OO 
A M Sunday School IO 15 A M W or ship Se rv ice ll oo A TA P ro v e r &' 
Praise I JO P M. 

W E D N E S D A Y , H ealing Service 7 3o 
P M 
T H U R S D A Y 
Holy Com m union 6 JO 
A M 
H e a lin g S e rv ic e IO OO A M 
Evenson g / OO P M 
S A T U R D A Y ; Molv C om m union 8 OO 
A M Bipie Study 

ASCENSION 
LUTHERAN CHURCH 

Vernon Brietkruetr, Pstor 
1o*o Donaldson Ave. 
(IO blocks west of 
F re d e ricksb u rg R oad) 
Sundov Sc hedu Ie 
Sundov School. 9 3o A 7/ 
W orship Service. IO 3o A M 
Holy Com m union first Sundov eoch month 
Com e and w orship with us 

CHRIST LUTHERAN 
CHURCH 

47o2 B roadw ay in A lom o Hgts. 
The Rev 
A rthur E 
Rode 
The Rev. H arold Moeneh, 
Pasto rs 
First Serfice--8 OO a m 
Sundov 
Sunday School— 9 15 a rn 
Second Service - IO JO a m 

CONCORDIA 
LUTHERAN CHURCH 

182* B a sse Road 
Or. G uido M e rk e n s 
Senior Postor 
Rev. N orm an Abbott, V s! Pzstor 
Rev Theodore G roalm onn, Asst. 
S U N D A Y S C H E D U L E 
A M 
9:oo First service 
IO:oo Sundov School, all ages 
11 OO Second Service 
P M 
7 OO Third Service 
7 OO Sundov School, a ge s 3 12 
8 OO Singles ooen house 
N U R S E R Y P R O V ID E D 

KING OF KINGS 
LUTHERAN CHURCH, 
LCMS 

13888 D re am wood 
Telephone *s*-*5o8 
H enry h . m ar, ca sto r 
M S 
E d ; M. Dlv 
Sundov School ond Bible C lass 9 15 a rn 
W orship IO 3o a rn 
Com m union on first and third 
Sundays 

HOPE LUTHERAN 
CHURCH (ALC) 

5714 C allaqhan Rd 
(3 blocks south of Loop 4Io> 
433 7475 — 435 97o1 
Rev 
Robert P 
Thronson 
Re v 
D elm as L 
Luedke 
W orship Services 8 15 & IO 45 a rn 
Adult C lo ss and Sunday School 9 3o b rn 
N u rse ry provided for both W orship 
Servic es 
Holy C om m union — First Sunday and Third Sunday 

MCCARTHUR PARK 
LUTHERAN CHURCH 
’ The H om e-Like C h u rc h " 
29o3 N acogdoch es Rd 
(7 b lks 
No ot l o o p 41o) 
Ph 
824 7135 
P A S T O R G W S C H W A N E N B E R G 
A SSO C P A S T O R C Z IM M E R M A N 

Sundov W orship s IO & ll a rn 
Sunday School 
9 IO a rn 
(tor all ages I 
'N u rse ry provided oil 3 hours) 
M ilitary 
Personnel especially r Rom e 

MT. CALVARY 
EVANGELICAL 
LUTHERAN CHURCH 

(M isso u ri Synod) 
3o8 M ount C a lva ry D rive 
824 8748 
Albert J 
Loeschm on Pastor 
S U N D A Y 
I irs! Service 8 3o A M 
Sunday School and Bible 
C lass 9 45 A 7/ 
W orship Second Service ll A 721 

ST. JO H N’S 
LUTHERAN CHURCH 

5o2 E 
N uevo SI 
Son Antonio. T exos 782o5 
Phone 223-2611 
D O W N T O W N - black west 
H em isF A l R 
Rooid t 
B routick Arthur Holm a 1 
N orm an H Albertson P o sto r* 
S U N D A Y , January 9, 1977 
W orship Service 8: IS A M. 
A M Sunday School 9: 3o A M. 

COLONIAL HILLS 
UNITED 
METHODIST CHURCH 

524? Vance Jackson Rd 
(N orth of Loop 41o) 
349 24o1 
Rev. W illiam M 
E a su m , Postor 
9 45 a rn 
C hurch School 
8 45 a m and ll a m 
M o rn in g 
W orship 
6:3o pm . 
U .M V .F, 
P ro g ra m 
& 
Supper 
Tues 7:3o p m 
Bible Study 
6 OO p m. W ed 
Youth Choir 
Call 696 5oo2 tor inform ation N u r ­ sery for all activities. 

IN D ) 
11 R V I ( t 
%c hoc»» 
9 4«f o m 
W orship 
To 
o m 
Junior Chuetlh Services in Ai 
•(tot* Aud? tar i urn tar Children of 
■p- >o 4‘j U rn 
Youth M eeting 
6 OO a rn 
I v u fig iM .ti 
St*'WHre s * ) OO o » o N t *iOA y 
De e p e n Lit** B d 
S«*r *»<c«v —■ I 3o Ik> rn Attended u 
St”' »t*‘* o p e 'a t e ait ser VK es 

OAK MEADOW 
ASSEMBLY OF GO D 
2714 Hunters Green 
(N W S A ) 
Phone 492 2311 
R e * 
Jock tv ager t*un Pastor 
Sunday Service * 
Sundov Sc horn v 45 a rn 
M o rn in g W orship 
IO ?5 a rn 
A rio se 
W a lly - 
7 OO a rn 
•yea e am ity night 7 JO a rn 
N U R S E R Y P R O V ID E D F O R A L L 
S E R V IC E S 
A C H U R C H O F D E S T IN Y 

GLAD TIDINGS 
ASSEMBLY OF GO D 
2143 So W W 
White R d 
(Loop l l 
Jam es H 
Brothers. Pastor 
W ayne Von. Assistant Pastor 
Sunday 
Services 
Sunday 
School 
V 45 a m to 
I? OO noon 
New 
Concept in C hrism an E d u ca tio n 
M orn in g W orship IO 5o a rn 
Youth 
S e rv ic e 
6 OO p m 
E v a n g e listic 
Service 7 OO p in 
W ednesday Ser vice 
8 ‘bie Study 
7 IO p rn 
Woyoi 
R an ge rs and M issio n e d * 7 IO p rn 
N u rse ry attendant on duty at each service 
D a y C are and Kindergarten to fast gro w in g spiritual ch urch with a vision 

M in istry 
Ne 

LACKLAND BAPTIST 
CHURCH 
271* Frontier Dr 
474 27o2 
Jam es O 
Todd Pastor 
Stephen Heather 
M inister of Education jim m y M urdock, 
M usic A Yoe th Director jnday Ser v ie es 
I JO a rn. First W orship Service 
I SO a rn Sunday School 
I OO a rn, Second W roship Ser vie 
I OO p rn Yourn C hon 
5 45 a rn C hurch Training 
7 OO a m I venm g W orship S e ty»i 

SHEARER HILLS 
BAPTIST 
CHURCH 
1o2 O B L A T E 
C harles J W isdom , 
Pastor 
Phillip Sitton 
M inister of M u sic ond Adm inistration 
John M (M a rty ) 
Brow n, Minister of Youth 
Study ig W orship 
* OO M e m b e r* in Training 
7 OO I .em ng W orship 
W E D N E S D A Y 
7 IS M id w e e k W o rsh ip S e rv ic e , xsion A u x ilia r ie s . YO ubh B ib le dv G roups 
IS Sanctuary Choir Rehearsal, 

Christian Science 

S U B J E C T O F I E S S O N 

" S A C R A M E N T " 

FIRST CHURCH 
5o1 North Alom o ndav 
Se rvice 
V IO IO 
OO >2 OO ndav School ti un ibm sduv E v e n in g M eeting a fl 
SECOND CHURCH 
M ognoho ond Belknap 
S U N D A Y 
V JO Bible 
IO 45 M orn 

M 

Sunday School ll 
W ednesday E vem 
■M. 

K it 
Rehear scil 
(N U R S E R Y O P E N FOW 
A L L SE WV IC E S ) 
G R A D E D C H O I R S (S e p te m b e r through April) 
Tuesday — J OO 4 OO p hi 
(G rad es 
3 4 $) 
W ednesday ■ 
OO 3 45 p 
(G rade I 

Baptist 
Churches 

EASTSIDE PRIMITIVE 
BAPTIST CHURCH 

12o* W. Hem Rd 
Phone 111 2*1o 
Postor E ld e r (D r J J. P 
Dole Jr 
Service * 
2nd Sunday IO 3o A M din Sunday IO JO A.AA 
V isiting M in iste r on 2nd bot 7 p m. 
E ld e r H u g h L. M o n tg o m e ry , L a m puso*. Tex. 

MANOR BAPTIST 
CHURCH 

M anor D r et Meredith 
(2 blocks west of 
Jefferson H igh School) 
Or Nothon L Stone. 
Postor 
Or P re b le ss Ferrell 
Associate P a sto r! 
Christian F due Olton 
M r tee M oresh. 
M unster et M usic 

M iss Drone Hort, 
M unster of Youth B Recreation 

9 JO a m Sunday School 
1o 5o a n i 
M o rn in g w orship 
S e r­ m on by Pastor Nuthon L 
Stone 

" A Rich M o n s Five Brothers * 

4 O in E vening W orship 
Serm on bv Pastor Nafnan L Stone. 
• Friendship Evangelist. 
7 p m W ednesday Service 
Supervised n ursery to oil service* 

TRINITY BAPTIST 
CHURCH l l * E 
M u lb e rry 
Dr 
Buckner Fanning. Paster 
Rev 
R F tB o b ) Widemon, 
Associate Pastor 
Rev 
Tom m y Lyons, 
M inister of M u sic 
Rev 
Don M cLendon. 
M inister of Education 
R e v 
D a n n y M u rray , 
M in ister of Veuth 
M r 
Ben Freem an. 
M in ister of Activities 
M r s Sand ro Rester 
D u eclat of 
Special O utreach M in istries 
M r s 
O ariene Rogers, 
P re School Director 
M r 
J w 
Fortner. 
B u sin e ss A dm inistrator 
S U N D A Y 
9 JO a rn 
— 
S u n d a y 
School 
11 OO a rn 
— 
W o rsh ip 
Service. 
* OO o rn 
— 
C h ristia n 
Education, 
7 OO p m 
— W orship 
Service 
W E D N E S D A Y 6 is p m 
- P ro ve r 
Service 7 15 p m _ C h o u Practice 
Attended n u rse rie s open tor at services 

UNIVERSITY PARK 
BAPTIST CHURCH 
JIO *. Cincinnati at B an d e ra irood 
(I block tost of 
Gen 
M c M u lle n D rive l 
Jam es M cKee. Poster 
T erry w 
W ilkins 
M unster et M u sic A Youth 
S U N D A Y 
S IU A 67 
W orship Service 
9 45 A M 
Sunday School 
11 OO A M 
W orship Service* 
S if) P M 
C h u ic h Trothing 
* 4o P 77 
W orship Service 
W t O N E S D A V 
I IO P 77 
P rg y e r Service k miler gar ten tor 4 A 3 yr 
Olds 
Supervised n u rse ry open lur all se ' vices 

 u 77eeling * C 
THIRD CHURCH 
27oo S 
New Braunfels 
Sundov Service ll OO 
Sunday School ti OO 
W ednesdov E v e n in g 77eetinq 7 C 
FIRST CHURCH 
(ALAMO HEIGHTS) 
1o4 C E O V E R L E A F 
Sundov Service ll OO 
Sunday School It OO 
W ednesday E v e n in g M eehr 
R E A D IN G R O O M S 
32* N 
St 
M o r n 
Colonies North Malt 
IH IO A War ib ach Rd 
77oo S New B raunfels 
5o12 Broodw ay 

LA TRINIDAD UNITED 
METHODIST CHURCH 

3oo Son F ern and o at Pecos 
Phone 227 o54*, 734 9692 
P A S T O R 
R E V A T E D G R O U T 

9.3o A M. E s c u d o D om inical en in 
Sics v espanol Dora today las edades, 
( S u n d a y S c h o o l in E n g l is h a n d 
Spanish tor all ages.) 
1o:5o A M . - C U L T O D E A D O R - 
ACIO N . Serm on Dr. Juan P. Dale 
5 to P M, Estudlos Biblicos, Jo v e n e s* 
(B ib le S tu d ie s in E n g lis h fo r the 
Youth group) 
6:oo P M Reunion de G rup os 
7:oo P M 
C U E T O V E S P E R T I N O 
E V A N G E L IS T I C © S e rm o n : R ev. 
Santiago Ib arra 
M id week P ra y e r Se rv ic e s: T h u r s ­ day ot 7:3o P.M. 

LAUREL HEIGHTS 
UNITED METHODIST 
CHURCH 
227 West W oodlaw n of Belknap 
733-7154 
M in iste rs 
Rev. C harles L. G iesler 
R e v Albert E. Loudon 
Rev. Robert E. P a rso n s 
John C. Schm idt, O rganist 

W orship Services 8: 3o and 1o:5o a.rn. 
Reverend 
C harles 
L. 
Giesler 
Preaching 

"A C O M P E L L IN G M IS S IO N " 
Church School for all ages 9:45 a rn 

ST. JOHN S 
UNITED METHODIST 
CHURCH 
Northw est San Antonio. 
I l l Cloudcroft at B an d e ra Rd 
Telephone *33 7*39 
Rev 
Albert M erubia, Postor 
E a r ly W o rsh ip S e r v ic e 8:3o a .rn 
.M orning W orship Service IO: 5o a m. 
Com m union will be served at both services 
Church School C lasses tor oil ages 
Youth Activities beginning of 5.3o pm . 
Ydu are cordially invited to w orship 
A ith us. N U R S E R Y P R O V I D E D 
F O R A L L S E R V IC E S 

TRAVIS PARK 
UNITED METHODIST 
CHURCH 
23o E 
T ra v is St 
Phone 
77* 8341 
M IN IS T E R 
D r R olp h H Seller 
You are w elcom e to San Antonio s 
Great downtown M ethodist Church located in the heart of the citv tor 13o veers. O nly m in u te s a w ay bv E * p re s s w o v s a n d F R E E P A R K IN G across the street. 
W O R S H IP S E R V IC E S at 1o:5o o rn. and 7:oo p m. 
T h e R e v . H a r o ld D. B u r k h o r d t , 
Guest Preacher of IO: 5o a rn. 
!7:oo-Holv 
C om m union Childers 
Chapel 
9 3o a in. C hurch School C la sse s tor all opes 
5:oo p m. Youth Activities Begin 
7 oo p rn. E ve n in g W orship The Rev 
Sid S p a in p r e a c h in g on " M E E K 
N E S S A N D W E A K N E S S 

W OODLAW N UNITED 
METHODIST CHURCH 
17o1 West W oodlaw n Ave 
Senior Pastor Rev. P aul A G rout O 
Associate 
Pastor 
Dr. 
E lm e r 
J. 
H ierholzer t o y P a s t o r a l V is it o r * M r . B o b 
Hasbrook. M r. C a rro ll Sigm on 

S U N D A Y S t R V IC t S 
C hurch Sc heal*• y ii) a rn 
M O R N IN G W O R S H IP Service IO: 5o am . 
Holy C om m union served First Sun day of each month 
Youth Meeting 5 IO to / OO p.rn 
Fellow ship Hail 
W oodlawn U nited— N orth 
5o84 D eZavota Rd 
M orning W orship Service 9 OO A M 
Church School IO oo A M 
Lockehill 
Ele m e n tary 
School 
Cafetorium 

CHRIST PRESBYTERIAN 
CHURCH (unaffiliated) 
544o V an ce Jockson Rd f t m iles North of Loop 4ie on V an ce Jockson 
Rev 
J. G rant M cM illan, Pastor 
C hurch School. IO OO a m W orship 
Service. I I a m . 7.oo p m . M id week Services W ednesday 7 3o 
We are conservative, evongehcoi and autonom ous, h avin g no con neetlon with the Notional or W orld 
Council of Churches. We hold to the historic P resbyterian belief that the 
Bible Is the inspired W ord on G od and the only infallible rule of fdith ond practice 
O ur church otters o sptrituol hom e to oil who desire to hear the w ord of 
God w ithout i nm prom ise 
FAITH 
CUMBERLAND 
PRESBYTERIAN - 
AP f Ste 
CHURCH 

7815 Oakton D r w in e ' 
(B eside Lee High School) 
Phone 342 *1*o 
Rev. R , Ea.rl W illoughby. M id life ? 
W H O SO E V E R W IL L M A Y C Q fA f 
Sundov School 9:45 a m 
^ ,f . 
W orship Service 11 OO a.m. 
C P Y . F . Youth G roup 6 3o p rn 

FIRST PRESBYTERIAN 
CHURCH 

North Alam o and Fourth Sts 
M IN IS T E R S 
Louis H 
Zbtnden Jr. 
R ic h a rd G. R ya n 
Robert H. Bullock, H. R „ Teaching 
M in ister 
G eorge M a u te 
M in iste r-E o ie rltu s 

Or. B ess Hieronym us. 
O rganist-Choir Director 
S U N D A Y : t o m W orhip, G u th rie 
L rvan t Chapel led bv 8th g ra d e rs; 
9:3o a rn. School of the C hurch; four new elective c la sse s; ll a.4U>r5£Yor ship, Celebration of the LO M U *,Slip per. com m union m editation bv Dr. 
Zbind en; Coffee F e llo w sh ip , H o u r follows in M c C u llo u g h R o o m ;,Child ond n u rse ry co re d u rin g w o rsh ip o n d stu d y h o u rs ; 4:3o p.m . C h il­ d re n 's Choir ll R e h e a rsa l; 6 p.m. 
• 8th-t21h gra d e rs and parents meet of the home of Dr. and M rs. Zbinden, 
135 O a k h u rst; 7th g ra d e r s dcrnot m eet; W E D N E S D A Y : 6 :T 5 *e :m . 
Fam ily D inner; 7 p m , Speciol Study on T H E N E W T E S T A M E N T W O R L D 
O F T H E A P O S T L E P A U L , w ith 
Father John G. Leies sp e a k in g on 
The Significance ot P o u r 1; 7 p.m. 
C hoir R e h e a rsa l, 7:15 a m. M e n s 
P ro ve r Breakfast 

M ADISO N SQUARE 
UNITED 
PRESBYTERIAN 
CHURCH U.S.A. 
319 Cam den at Lexington 
Phone 27* *255 
W illiam P Lytle D O , Postor 
Edw in Rieke, D M A . , 
O rganist: Choirm aster v JO a m Church School ll OO a rn 
W nrxhio Service N u rse ry provided 
C hildren's Center 226 192o 
(Week d a ys 6:3o a rn. 6:oo p.m.) 
NORTHW OOD 
PRESBYTERIAN 
CHURCH 

518 Pike Ptoce 
874 7238 
W orship Service, ll a m 
Church School. 9 45 a rn ,.o>Oie, 
S e r m o n bv D r . G e o r g e M a g y e . 
"L O O K IN G F O R T H E D A W N 

ST. ANDREW 
PRESBYTERIAN 
CHURCH 

8231 Callaqhan Rd 
(N ear I 18 ond N W Loop 41o) 
M inister, W illiam C M ounts 
Kettti M cCoffefy, exec. D irector 9:3o and 11:oo A.M.-7 3Q P.M. 

Religious Science 

IU 

ST. LUKE S 
EPISCOPAL CHURCH m Alam o Heights 
Phone: 828 *425 
The Rev 
D a vid P 
C o r n ro w j r 
Rector 
The Rey 
C h nstoaher 
Jones. Jr 
D a y School H eadm aster 
The Rey 
Dou glas E 
Thom as 
A ssistant 
The Rev 
C 
Jeu K ra e m e r 
A ssistant 
The Rev 
Jam es K 
Alcorn 
A ssistant 
Sunday 
Se rvice * 
7 45 y ut) Uuc 
11 im a n i ana 6 arf p n, 

A d u lt a n d Y u u t h c l a s s e s V 45 a m 

ST. MARK S 
EPISCOPAL 
CHURCH 
DOW NTOW N 
3o7 E ast Pecan ot T ra v is P o rk 
Phone 
224-742* 
The R e v Stanley F H auser. Rector 
The R e v John C Ball, Jr. 
The R e v C Don B augh 
The R e v John R Roen 
The Rf R ey J W ilson Hunter 
The R ev E d n a M Oieti 
Sunday 
8 OO a rn Holy Com m union 

S U N D A Y 
8 OO a rn H o ly Com rn un ion 9 IO A M Holy Com m union 
(Chapel) IO JO A M M o rn in g W or ship & Church School 
M O N D A Y t h r u F R ID A Y 
8 
o 
A M M O R N IN G P ro ve r, (Chapel) 
F R ID A Y ll 45 A M 
M e oliP ig 
Service. (Chapel! 
12 OO 
Noun 
H oly 
Com m union, 
(Chapel) 

ST. PAUL'S 
EPISCOPAL CHURCH 
1o18 E 
G ra yso n St at W illow 
Phone 22* o345 
F r 
John F 
Daniels, Rector 

Sunday M u sse s — 8 and IO JO a rn 
(1928 P ro ve r Book Edttioni 
W ednesdov M a ss 
IO a rn 
M otor Feast D a y s — IO a rn , / 3o p m C onfessions 
Saturday ti a rn noon 

N azare n e 

ST. LUKE'S 
LUTHERAN CHURCH 
"T h e Friendly C h u rc h ” 
S U Santa M onico St., 735-o591 t block W of San Pedro 
Pastor W J Buck (Chaplain, C o l, 
U S A F , Ret I 
Pastor E m eritus J 
F 
Vorkoper 
W orship Service IO 45 a rn 
<Nur sery provided! 
Sunday School 9:15 loll oge sl 
Complete Religious P ro g ra m 

REDEEMER 
LUTHERAN CHURCH 

(M isso u ri Synod) 
25o7 F re d e rick sb u rg Rd 
Telephone 
732 4117 
Rev Ned M Botkelm onn. Pastor 
, U N D A Y 
9 IS a rn 
S u n d a y 
,i nool A B ib 'e C la sse s 
IO IO a rn 
Jiytne Wor ship 

Methodist 
Churches 

Churches of Christ 
BEACON HILL 
CHURCH OF CHRIST 
937 w M agn olia 
Between IH IO and U S 281 
Bitt W ilson. Minister 
Bibl* Call L ib ra ry 
714-47o8 
Sundov Se rv ic e s 
W orship 
IO 3o a rn bhd * P m Bible Classes. 9 3o a rn 
M idw eek 
Bible Stud * 
Wed n e s d flv 
7 3o p rn 
A rh g rch near to th# heort of Son Aiitonil!) 
JEFFERSON 
CHURCH OF CHRIST 
7o7 Don aldson Avenue 
712 *1o5 
J O Cosh, M inister 
Bible d o s s e s 
9 JO o rn 
W orship IO JO A M ond * OO H M 
Youth 
5 OO p m 
W ednesday S e ry ite s 
7 IO p m 
Attended n u rse ry tor all m eetings 
SAN PEDRO 
THURCH OF CHRIST 
872 11o5 - Tel 82* 2o89 lit jo c k sa n -K tlie r at Son Ped ro 
G B S T A N L E Y M inister 
Sunday Services 
Bible Classes v JO a rn. 
W o r s h ip Services IO JO a m , 6 OO p m w e d n e sd a y M id w e e k se rvice 
7 M o m 
N u r s e r d u r i n g oil services. 

WAYSIDE CHAPEL 
2918 Vance ja ckso n 
Ph 
J4« 12oJ 
8 JO A M 
E a rly W orship 
9 45 A M Sunday School 
Ii OU A M 
Late W orship 
7 OO P M 
E v e n in g Service 
Pastor — Stephen P 
Trpxel 

 lutheran 
Churches 

GRACE LUTHERAN 
CHURCH 

5o4 A venue C et M c C a ll#*— t 
Phone: 22* 9111 
Three B le ck! N orth et The A lom a 
Pastor. Robert J A d o 

8 ULI and IO 45 A M 
W orship 
9 ii) A M 
Sunday School 

BEITEL LUTHERAN 

CHURCH 

2511 Austin Hw y 
Postor, Ralp h Ablin 
Sunday w orship se rvice s 8 OO and 
1o JO a rn 
Adult cla ss and Sunday school at 9 IO a m 
P ra y e r and 
Praise on Sunday evenings at * 3o 
N u rse ry available 

ALAMO HEIGHTS 
METHODIST CHURCH 
D O I B roadw ay 82* 3715 
M in isters 
Dr. Colvin W Froehner 
The Reverend H arold C Perdue 
The Reverend H o rry C B om berqer 
The R everend Jack C Bush, Sr. 
This Su n d ay two h o u r* of w o rsh ip will be ottered. 9 JO and 1o:55 a m 
We will be privileged to hove Bishop 
J C hess Lovern a * guest preacher tor both services Bishop Lovern is one of M e th o d ism 's m ost articulate speakers. He h as served m any great churches, includ ing Lau rel H eights in our city. F irst M ethodist in Lob bock. St Lu ke s In O klahom a City. and Boston Avenue in Tulsa. B ishop 
L o v e rn w o * e le c te d to the E p i * coper v in July of IV76. We hope you will com e share hi* outstanding m essage 
C hurch School c la sse s tor oil a g e s m eet at 9 JO a.m . C h ild c u re is provided d uring bofh w orship services 
S u n d a y e v e n in g a c t iv it ie s to r 
4th I ?tn or odes begin at 4 JO a rn 

ST. M ATTHEW ’S 
UNITED METHODIST 
CHURCH 
2718 B iH ert Road 
45* 125o 
(Between 
N acogdoch es and 
B ro a d w a y) 
T h * R ev M a l Hierholzer, M inister 
The Rev. W inn Alley, Intern M inister 

HATFIELD CHURCH 
OF THE NAZARENE 

*515 S 
F lo re s 
E E 
Rhodes, Pastor 
J W 
Cantrell, Associate 
Sunday 
S e rv ic e s 
S u n d a y 
School 
( d a m 
M o rn in g W o-ship 
IO 5o a m (C h ild re n s W o-ship Service 
4 yrs thru the (th g ra d e ' 
Youth 
Services 6 OO o rn . E v e n in g Service 
7 OO p m 
W ednesday 
P a ry e r 
Veering 
7 JO p in 
( M is s io n a r y 
M e e tin g lost 
W ednesday Ot month I 
N ursery is open tor all regular services 
A 
C H U R C H 
A H L R L 
L V L R Y 
B O D Y 
IS W E L C O M E 
, 
N O B IG 
SH O TE 
N O u n i m p o r t a n t 
PL UPL t 
Non Denominational 

The Little Church of La VILLITA 
Non-Denominational 
SO* Villita St 
Rev 
D avid W 
Edm unds, 
Pastor 
Sunday W orship Service — ll a m 
Sunday Eve n in g S e rv ic e —6 p m 
M id week 
H ealing and 
P ra ye r 
Services 
W ednesday night I JO p rn 
Thursday m orning ll OO a m 

S U N D A Y S C H E D U L E 
(N ursery Available for All Sgnd ov 
Events) 
1 3 o a m E A R L Y S E R V IC E 
9 IO a rn C hurch 
School 
(A L L 
A G E S ) 
1o 5o a m P R IN C IP A L Sf R V IC E 
4 JO p rn Youth C hoirs P iactice 
5 3o pm Snuck Supper tor Youth 
6 OO p. iii U M Y F tor y o u th 
/th IJtti grades 
7 OU p m E V E N IN G 
W O R S H IP 
SE R VICL 
PE G U L A N 
A C T I V I T I E S 
I N 
C L U D E 
S u n d a y Sch o o l C la s s e s fro m a g e ? y r * w ith * A d u lt classes 
5 C h oirs tor ages 5 yrs. thru 
Adult ond special activities tor Youth 
Senior Citizens, College,' 
Career, Singles, and Y oung Adult groups 
C O M M U N IO N E A C H F R ID A Y at 
6 3o a rn. with breakfast fellowship following 

CHURCH OF 
TRUTH 
A m em ber 
C h u rch ut 
R e lig io u s 
Science Los Angeles Californio Dr 
Ernest H olm es Founder publisher of 'ne Science of M in d M agazin e 
Sundays 
IO 45 a rn 
Ser ic es lo oo a n i 
Word of the Week 
C la sse s on m e t a p h y s ic s o n d p r a c t ic a l 
C h ristia n ity 
IO OO ani 
Ju n io r 
Church classes iou school grad e s;. 
C hild ca -e facilitie s 
D r 
A u d re y 
H anger, M in iste r (874 7451 1 
Sa n 
P e d ro P la y h o u s e . S a n A n t o n io ' 
Park 
(Dial a Blessing, a recorded meditation 828 5581 ) W A R M W E I 
C O M E 
A W A IT S 
Y O U 
Sunday m orning. 

Seventh-Day Adventis 

Presbyterian 
Churches 

ALAMO HEIGHTS 
PRESBYTERIAN 
CHURCH 
*7o1 Broad w ay 
Phone 82* o271 
Newton P 
Cox. Jr 
M inister 
Church St hoot 
9 JO A M 
Fellowship Tim e lo IO A M ll oo A M S e rm o n 
" F I N I S H IN G 
W H A T G O D H A S S T A R T E D 
Sacram ent of th# L o rd s Supper 
Youth M eetings 
6 JO P M 
N ursery P io vid e d 

BEACON HILL 
PRESBYTERIAN 
CHURCH 

 not W est W oodlaw n 
711 7t*t 
M inister 
Rev Joe M Owen 
Sunday School 9 45 a rn 
W orship Service ti OO a rn 

COVENANT 
PRESBYTERIAN 
I I I HeTeTo A N W Loop 4tV 
(Af H oneysuckle exit) 
Phone 
M 2 5751 
E D W IN W A L T H A L L 
Poster 
9 ie a m 
Church School for oges 
IO 45 a rn. M o rn in g W orship Service 

LAUREL HEIGHTS 
SEVENTH DAY 
ADVENTIST CHURCH 
7o3 West A sh b y Pl 
'opposite Son Ped ro R o o i 
11? 6X914 
Robert W ood 
Postor 
Sum Miller 
Assoc io'e Pastor 
Saturday Services 
Sabbath Sen ,o 
9 a m 
D evine 
W orship ll o a m 
Youth Meeting I Hr 
Leto' < sunset P ro ve r M eeting W ed^eSdn, 
7 to on> 
D o rc a s W elfare ^ o ctc, 
Tuesday 
IO OO a rn 
Sunday 
A v 
V O If F O F P R O P H E C Y s£* v., 

United Church of Christ 
BETHANY 

*11 E 
M yrtle St at N 
Kendall (« 
Btocks 
North ot lh 15 between 
M cCullough A St M a r y s ) 
22* 7*55 
R ev John B 
Culver, pastor 
Worship, IO 45 O m C hurch SS KAO I 
9 3o o rn 
A d u lt Bible C loys v SO a m 
COMMUNITY 
44J Hunmcutt C r (W W White R d , 
Loop I! at (HIO) l l ) 1*o1 
Rey 
Thom as N W ord 
W orship. IO: JO a rn 
PILGRIM 
CONGREGATIONAL 

5oo Pilgrim Dr 
(7 B lo ck* South ot 
Loop 41o, I block West ot Vonce 
Jackson) 
J47 6o34 
Rev 
A rhtur W 
Stark, paster 

Sunday School. 9 45 D ivine W orship 
Ser vice ti OO a rn 

Affiliated with Unity . i i , 
School — Silent Unity * - O' t 
D aily W ord M agazin e 
Sunday se rv ic e s ti a m at 1/21 
L a w n d a le 
D r . 
( We s t oft 
81oo 
B ro a d w a y ) 
S u n d a y Sc h o o l 9 JO a in . Adult C la ss v JO a rn 
MeWi lotion to 15 a m 
Youth Ltav« l l a n i 
T h u rsd ay Truth C la ss 1o:3o a in Office open IO to 4 M ondgv thru 
T hursd ay (824 7351) 
N o rm a n Q ts* son, 
Minister 
(Bulletin sent oit reouesi I 

Unitarian 

 all 

FIRST UNITARIAN 
CHURCH 
8o7 B eryl Dr 

Phone 144 4*95 
Church School and n ursery 
IO 3o a rn 
MOI nm g Se! Vice 
IQ JO a in 
M inister 
Rev R o ll* Gerhordt. 
Serm on; "P A S S A G E S , P A R T I” 

Wesleyan Church 

WESLEYAN CHURCH 

J9I8 West Avenue 
344 *19 J 
• * 
Ed w ard D Angelll Paster 
* 
Sunday Church School V I hJI.'.Uw J 
Worship Ser y ice 11 OO a rn, ,t ,, 
J 
E veiling sci vice / OO p rn 
Wednesday 
Bible Sludv and P lo v e r 
7 JO p m 
Church Directory 
On Next Page 

F o r f u r t h e r i n f o r m o t io n o n c h u rc h e s lis te d b e lo w — s e e Gds a o D e o rin g on th is p a g e 

San Antonio E X P R E S S -N E W S — S a tu rd a y Ja n u a ry 8 1 9 7 7 

Soviet rulebook shows clamp on religion 

C a s tle H ills A s s e m b ly 
214 Roseto 

F ir s t A s s e m b ly of G o d 
83o S E M ilit a r y D r 

O a k M e a d o w A s s e m b ly of G o d 
2714 H u n te rs G re e n 

G la d T id in g s A s s e m b ly of G o d 
.2143 So W w W h ite R d 

Eastside Primitive Baptist Church 
12o6 W. Hem Rd. 

Primitive Baptist Church 
4o4 Walton Ave. 

C a s tle H ills F ir s t B a p tis t 
222o N W M ilit a r y H w y 

C re s tv ie w B a p tis t 
W o lf e m o f E n g le c re d s t 

E is e n h o u e r R d B a p tis t 
395o E is e n h o u e r R d 

F ir s t B a p tis t 
SIS M c C u llo u g h 
L a c k la n d B a p tis t 
2718 F r o n t ie r D r. 

N o rth rid g e P a r k B a p tis t 
C h e w C h a s e a n d E is e n h o u e r R d 

M a n o r B a p tis t 
M a n o r D r a t M e re d ith 

N o rth e a s t B a p tis t 
293o B itte rs R d 

P a r k h ills B a p tis t 
14o1S Son P e d ro A v e 

S h e a re r H ills B a p tis t 
8o? O b la te na" yu ii 

U n iv e rs ity P a r k B a p tis t 
23o8 C in c in n a ti 

T r in ity B a p tis t 
319 E M u lb e r r y 

G r a c e B a p tis t T e m p le 
1928 B a s s e R d 

H u is a c h e A v e n u e B a p tis t 
1339 W H u is a c h e A v e 

R e v iv a l T e m p le 
131o T e x a s A v e . 

C a lv a r y C h a p e l 
11o7 W. H ild e b ra n d 

A la m o H e ig h ts C h ris tia n 
64oo B lo c k N N e w B ra u n fe ls 

C e n tra l C h r is t ia n ta m A v e a t R o m a n o P io r o 

Community Christian Church live Ook Elementary School 
Old Spanish Tr. & Welcome Dr. 

W o o d la w n C h r is t ia n 
17oo F r e d e r ic k s b u r g R d 

 first Church of 
C h ris t S c ie n tis t 
SOI N A la m o 

S eco n d C h u rc h of 
C h ris t S c ie n tis t 
, M a g n o lia — B e lk n a p 

• T h ird C h u rc h ot 
C h ris t S c ie n tis t 
27oo S N e w B ra u n fe ls 

F ir s t C h u rc h I A lo m o H e ig h ts ) 
'.of C h ris t S c ie n tis t 
1o4 C lo v e rle a f 

B e o c o n H ill C h u rc h o f C h ris t 
93? W M a g n o lia 

Son P e d ro C h u rc h of C h ris t 
311 J a c k s o n K e lle r 

J e ffe rs o n C h u rc h of C h ris t 
,7o2 D o n a ld s o n A v e 

S u n se t R id g e C h u rc h o f C h ris t 
. B re e s ot E m p o r ia 

T rin ity C h u rc h 
87SO F o u rw in d s 

C h ris t E p is c o p a l C h u rc h 
B e lk n a p a t W e st R u s s e ll 

T h e C h u rc h oh R e c o n c ilia t io n 
94o1 S to rc re s t 

C h u rc h o f St S te p h e n 
3724 S N e w B ra u n fe ls a t IH 37 

St G e o rg e E p is c o p a l C h u rc h 
69o4 W e st A v e a t M ilit a r y H w y 

St L u k e s E p is c o p a l 
C o ro n a * D e v in e R d 

St M a rk E p is c o p a l C h u rc h 
JO? E P e c o n 

St P a u l s E p is c o p a l C h u rc h 
1o18 E G ra y s o n 

 w a y s id e C h a p e l 
2918 V a n c e J a c k s o n 

A s c e n s io n L u th e ra n 
1o6o D o n a ld s o n 

B e d e l L u th e ra n 
2515 A u s tin H w y 

G r o c e L u th e ra n 
A v e n u e E a t M c C u llo u g h 

C h ris t L u th e ra n 
672o B ro a d w a y 

K in g of K in g s L u th e ra n 
13888 D re a m w o o d 

C o n c o rd ia L u th e ra n 
1826 B a s s e R d 

H o o e L u th e ra n 
S7I4 C a lla g h a n R d 

MacArthur Fork lutheran 

29o3 N a c o g d o c h e s R d 

 ary Evangelical n Church 
IWFWbunt Calmly Ot 

St Jo h n L u th e ra n 
SHJ E N u e v o St 

St L u k e ’s L u th e ra n 
514 S a n ta M o n ic a 

Redeemer lathe ton 
25o7 F r e d e r ic k s b u r g R d 

A la m o H e ig h ts M e th d o is t 
51o1 B ro a d w a y 

A ld e r sg ate U n ite d M e th o d is t 
K a v to n a t P a lm e tto 

C o lo n ia l H ills 
U n ite d M e th o d is t 
5247 V a n c e J o c k s o n 

L a T rin id a d U n ite d M e th o d is t 
Son F e rn a n d o v P e c o s 

L a u r e l H e ig h ts U n ite d M e th d o is t 
22? W e st W o o d la w n 

St Jo h n s U n ite d M e th o d is t 
111 C lo u d c ro ft D r 

St M a tth e w s U n ite d M e th d o is t 
2738 B ille r s R d 

, l 4RU*o P a r k U n ite d M e th o d is t i feast r n v is 

W o o d la w n U n ite d M e th o d is t 
17o1 w e s t W o o d la w n 

H a tfie ld C h u rc h 
O f th e N a ia r e n e 
4515 S F lo r e s 

T h e L ittle C h u rc h o f L o V illit a 
3o8 V illita 

A la m o H e ig h ts P r e s b y te r ia n 
62o1 B ro a d w a y 

F a ith C u m b e rla n d 
P r e s b y te r ia n C h u rc h 
7815 O a k to n D r 

F ir s t P r e s b y te r ia n 
N o rth A la m o a n d F o u rth Sty 

B e a c o n H ill P r e s b y te r ia n 
H O I W e st W o o d la w n 

C o v e n a n t P i e sp y le s io n 
211 f t o le lo * N W L o o p 41o 

C h r is t P r e s b y te r ia n 
544o V a n c e J a c k s o n R d 

Madison Square United 
P r e s b y te r ia n 
319 C a m d e n at L e x in g to n 

N o rth w o o d P r e s b y te r ia n 
ST* B ik e P lo t e 

SI. A n d re w P r e s b y te r ia n 
8231 C a lla g h a n R d 

L a u r e l H e ig h ts 
S ev e n th D a y A d v e n tis t 
7o3 A s h b y P l 

B e th a n y U n ite d C h u rc h a t C h ris t 
6 ’ I SI M y r tle SI 

C o m m u n ity 
U n ite d 
C h u rc h at 
C h i-s t 
4443 H u n n ic u ft D r 

C o n g re g a tio n a l 
(r im O r 

I C h u rc h 
L a w n d a le O r 

 rst U n ita ria n 
IO — L o o p 41o a l B e r y l B a 

 isle y o n C hurch 
IO West A v e 

W ASHINGTON POST SERVICE 
LONDON — A restricted bonk appar­ ently intended for local and lower-level officials has been smuggled out of the 
Soviet Union and provides an unusual glimpse of the bureaucratic web the 
Soviet Union has wrapped around the practice of religion. 
Some of the restrictions seem to be aimed at preventing the use of religion against the state or, at most, avoiding any church-state collaboration. For example: 
“ Religious associations and servants of the cults should not: 
“ A) Use prayer meetings of believers to make political speeches that contra­ dict the interests of Soviet society; 
“ B) Encourage believers to refuse to fulfill their duties as citizens; 
“ O Conduct propaganda directed at isolating believers from active partici­ pation in the state, cultural and socio­ political life of the country; 

“ D> P erfo rm religious rites and ceremonies in state, social and cooper­ ative institutions and enterprises.” 
Prisons are a specific exception to that last restriction, as arc hospitals, if the believer involved is dying or ser- iously ill. 
Other curbs, however, seem to Wes­ tern eyes to go to the heart of the prac­ tice of religion: 
“ Religious centers, religious asso­ ciations and servants of cults (clergy) are forbidden: 
“ A) To o rg a n iz e sp e cia l p ra y e r meetings for children, young people or women, as well as circles, groups and meetings for the study of religion; 
“ B) To organize pilgrimages of be­ lievers to so-called ‘holy p la ce s,’ to perform fraudulent actions with the aim of arousing su p erstitio n in the m asses of the population in order to extract by such a method any advan­ tages w hatsoever (announcem ent of 

Restrictions seem to he aim ed at preventing the use o f religion against the state 

 any type of m ira c le s , for ex a m p le , healing of sick people, prophesies, etc.); etc.); 
“C) To conduct compulsory exaction of dues and taxes from believers for the benefit of religious associations or for any other purposes; 
“ I)) To apply m easures of com pul­ sion or punishment to believers.” 
The book 
The book, “ Legislation on Religious 
Cults (Collection of Materials and Do­ c u m e n ts ) ,’’ w as co m p iled by V A. 
Kuroedov, chairm an of tho Council of 
Religious Affairs, and A.S. Pankratov, deputy prosecutor general of the Soviet 
Union. 
W estern sp ecialists who have exa­ mined it believe it to he authentic. 

It contains all the Soviet legislation on religion through 1971. with co m ­ m e n ta rie s and d e fin itio n s to guide functionaries. Soviet laws are not given general circulation, and the hook that reached the West is a numbered copy, one of 21,ooo. 
It is apparently intended as a guide to the Council for Religious Affairs, which supervises religion, and to police and court officials and local Soviets. 
The volume was smuggled out of the 
Soviet Union in September and given to the Rev. Michael Bourdeaux, director of Reston College in Kent 
Reston is a research center of eight scholars devoted to the study of religion in Communist countries. 
Privately financed, it receives money from the Ford Foundation, the Dutch 

Reformed Church, the Mennonite cen­ tral committee in the United States and similar organizations. 
Bourdeaux will not identity the man who b ro u g h t him th e hook — i t ’s number has been obliterated — except to say that he is a friend. 
Portions of the handbook, translated for The Washington Post Service, pro­ vide a rem arkable insight into religious life in the Sox let Union. 
One section says: “ Religious associa­ tions and servants of the cult . . do not have the right 
— 
“ A) To set up mutual aid funds or engage in charity work; 
“ Bi To organize sanatoriums or m e­ dical aid; 
“ (’) To a r r a n g e ex c u rsio n s, c h il­ dren’s playgrounds or sports grounds, to open libraries or reading-rooms; 
” 1)) To organize any sort of meetings, circles that are not related to the per­ formance of the cult.’’ 
CHURCH NEWS 
Church sponsoring m edical sessions 

The Florida Boys, one o f the to p nam es in gospel m usic for m ore than 2 o years, w ill p erform in co ncert at 7 :3 o p.m . Thursday in the Jefferson H igh 
School A u d ito riu m . The g ro up has p erform ed throughout the w orld. A lso perform ing w ith The Florid a Boys w ill be J. D. Sum ner and The Stam ps. 

St Andrew Presbyterian 
C hurch, 8231 C a lla g h an 
Road. will play host Sunday to three public sessions conducted by Reith McCaf- fety, emecutive director of the Medical Benevolence 
Foundation. 

McCaffety will speak al 
9:3o and l l a m. and 7:3o p.m. at the church. 
Upper classmen from the 
University of Texas Health 

S cience C e n te r in the schools of medicine, den­ tistry and nursing will at­ tend a buffet supper at ti 3o p.m. 
Founded 12 years ago, 
MBF is a group of medical and business people from throughout the South, in­ terested in up-grading the medical services of hospi­ tals and medical centers in under-developed areas of 

 the world 
Past efforts have readied into Africa. Asia. the near 
East, islands of the C am b bean, and C e n tra l and 
South America. 
The public is invited to attend all of the sessions. 
Buffet reservations can he made bv calling the church office al 341-4441. 
LACKLAND BAPTIST 
Dr. Perry F. Webb will 

THE CHURCH OF 

CASTLE HILLS 

I ® I 

% 

JOHN HAGEE 
Pastor 

9:3o A.M. 
The Form and Function of Deception 

1o:3o A.M. 

Super Bowl Saints 

SUNDAY EVENING 
6:oo PJM. “Missionary 
John Eils of Mexico.. 

O n Loop 4 1 o a t Eat* 19 
Vt m ite W a tt o f C e ntral Fo rk 
A N o mie n am m a Hano i 

Fellowship of 
Evangelical Believers 

TY death: No step forward 

Some proponents and op­ ponents of capita] punish­ ment have gone on record in recen t d ay s favoring 
D is tric t J u d g e W illiam 
Taylor’s ruling that free­ dom of the press under the first amendment demands perm ission for televising the state’s killing of men in the electric chair. 
The idea has been sug­ gested by prom inent n a­ tional political leaders such as John Connally as a de­ terrent to capital crim e for the public to actually see people dying in the electric chair on (heir television sets. 
The issue was joined by a suit filed by newsman Tony 
Garrett of Dallas Public 
Television. Some of the per­ sons scheduled to be exe­ cuted such as J e rry Lane 
Jurek have called for their executions to be telecast. 
Attorney G eneral John 
Hill has stated his opposi­ tion to the telecasting and promised to take it to court on the “ narrow issue” of electronically reporting the execution by television. 
Some opponents of capi­ tal p u n ish m en t have felt that the scene would be so 

 ghastly as to stir the indig­ nation of the general public toward abolishing capital punishment as an option for the state. 
O th ers h ave su g g e ste d the telecasting of a reen ­ a c tm e n t of th e c r im e in order to increase the possi­ bilities of deterring future crim e by showing men dy­ ing in the electric chair. 
It’s obvious that men of moral concern differ on the issue. It is necessary to ex­ am ine carefully the possi­ ble effects of such a step from the standpoint of w hat would increase respect for human life and sensitize p erso n s to th e v a lu es of living a life of o rd er and respect for others. 
Commonplace 
A look back to the days when pu b lic ex e cu tio n s w ere co m m o n p la c e d is ­ courages any idea that such violent s p e c ta c le s d e te r c rim in a l ac tio n s . In the brutal days of y estery ear all executions were public. 
E n g lan d was fam ous for them. 

Bn 
Rev. 
Jimmy R. Allen 
* Pastor, 
First Baptist < hurch 

ARE YOU CONCERNED ABOUT 
YOUR HEALTH? 

I want to personally invite you to hear a special message on 
HOW TO KEEP 
HEALTHY and HAPPY! 
Salem Kirban 

• Are you tense, nervous, irritable? 
• Do you have trouble falling asleep? 
• Do you wake up tired? 
• Do you drag your feet all day? 
• Are you dependent on tranquilizers? 
• Do the problems of the day overwhelm you? 
• Are you plagued with a major illness? 

Would you like to know the Bible answer to m ain­ taining good health? Would you like to know some nutritional guidelines for m aintaining good health? 
Would you like to ask some questions about n u tri­ tion? Then, you will w ant to attend this o n e -d a y only H E A L T H SE M IN A R . 

W ho is S A L E M K IR B A N ? 
Salem Kirban is a world-renown author. He has w rit­ ten 28 books in the last 8 years; m any best-sellers! As an investigative reporter he has w ritten on Bible prophecy, future world events and guidelines to bet­ ter health. He is a Nutrition Consultant who believes th a t nutrition m ay be a better altern ativ e than d ru g s. A u th o r of th e books H O W T O K E E P 
H E A L T H Y & 
H A P P Y BY F A S T IN G and 
H E A L T H G U ID E F O R S U R V IV A L (the am azing story of Dr. Carey Reams). 

H E A L T H S E M IN A R : Admission is $5/Tw o for $7 
Fay a t door th a t evening. 

TIME: 
7:3o PM 
DATE: Thursday, January 43 

PLACE: HOLIDAY INN Northwest 
I-1o,U .S.87/V ance Jackson Exit 

Sponsored bv 
SE C O N D C O M IN G , Inc. 
A non-profit organization dedicated to distributing books in foreign countries without charge. 

C a p ita l c r im e s w ere n ev e r d e c re a s e d in any provable way by such acti- i~T vity. The classic historical ex am p le is the fact that people w ere ex ecu ted in public hangings for picking pockets in England in the 
Middle Ages. The crowds that gathered to watch the han g in g of p ick p o ck e ts w ere fav o rite p la ce s for pickpockets to work. 
The g rad u al erosion of resistan c e to violence by exposure to violence is now already hearing its bitter 

 fruit in our society. The television m edium is hav­ ing a powerful impact far beyond the imagination of most of us. 
The constant portrayal of violence already is produc­ ing fear-filled people and persons who are triggered into violent activity. 
To make the ultimate of that activity; that is, the actual killing of a hum an being on television screens, an ap p ro v a b le act has a ghastly possibility of re s­ toring the atm o sp h ere of the Roman circu s to con­ te m p o ra ry A m erica in a brutalization process u n ­ paralleled in hum an h is ­ tory. 
Those who propose d e ­ picting the execution of a human being on television have overlooked the p ro ­ pensity of human nature to enjoy th e feeling of v e n ­ geance and vindictiveness. 
Punishment should always have as its u ltim ate goal the protection of society atid the upholding of law. 
It should not simply he a legalized m e a n s for r e ­ venge. 
It s a subtle point, hut the 

 very feelin g s th a t a re s tirr e d in the h u m an psyche y earn in g for v en ­ geance against people on whom indignation centers will be unleashed in unpar­ alleled w ays by sueli an event. Those who hope to get indignation against the practice built to fever pitch are yearning for more than human nature will produce. 
The actual result will he a bu ild in g of fee lin g s of vengeance and vindictive­ ness into a society which has come a long way in its effort to understand that de­ terring crim es is more im ­ portant than venting wrath 
Som e d efin itiv e d if fe r ­ ence must be discerned le­ gally between the printed m edia and the electronic 

 media There is an im m e­ diacy of emotional impact about the electronic media w hich h as been played down by tin* courts and ig­ nored by m any of its r e ­ p o rte rs and ex e cu tiv es. 
There is a qualitative dif­ ference between the impact of the printed m edia and the electronic media 
It is erroneous to claim that every kind of reporting is alike and should have equal access to the event. 
The issue of capita! pun­ ishment is a complex one, hut telecasting the events opens the door to a regres­ sion to the Middle Ages in our social behavior. The re­ sult will hi* not a sensitized co n scien ce hut a s e a re d one. 
Black female to join 
Episcopal priesthood 

How old is the earth? 
A. Several billion years. 
B. Several thousand years. 
C. Over 18. 

For the latest scientific evidence attend the 
C R E A T IO N S C IE N C E S E M IN A R 

Jan . 14 - Laurie Auditorium - 7 OO pm 

Ja n 15 - Trinity Baptist C hurch 8 45 am 5:3o pm 

WASHINGTON (A P) - 
The Episcopal Church or­ dains its first black female priest Saturday, some 172 years after the first black man was ordained into the priesthood, 
“ The Holy Spirit iii our ch u rch m o v e s slowly at times, but it does move," 
Dr. P auli M urray said before her ordination She added that the 
Rev. 
Absalom Jones was 58 w hen he was finally ordained and she s “ only eight y e a rs older than he was at the time.” 
The Rev. M u rray , of 
Alexandria, Va., will he one of six o rd in a ls at the Wa­ shington C a th ed ral c e r ­ em onies, including two other women. The ordina­ tions of two women, which took place lust year before the church officially a p ­ proved female priests, also will be recognized during the ceremonies. 

About 3(1 ordinations of 
Episcopal wom en are scheduled (his month, in­ cluding that of an acknow­ ledged lesbian iii New York on Monday. 
Cont tov e r s y co n tin u es over the acceptance of wornem priests, however, with dissent being voiced at 

 t h e ceremonies iii various places, 
“This is causing heart­ ache among a large num ­ ber of our people." re­ flected Bishop Wilburn C. 
Cam pbell. “ But I’m con­ vinced our Lord does not call people to the priest­ hood on the basis of sex, hut on the basis of commitment 

 t O l l IHI " 
Most recently Dr M ur­ ray was the 
Stu I berg professor of law and poli­ tics at Brandeis University. 
Slie resigned her post in 
1973 to become a candidate for th** holy orders iii the 
Episcopal (’hurch. 

Man cited for littering 

875o FOURWINDS DR 

IH 3 5 a f Lo o p 4 1 o 
VICINITY 
V III 
I I f*STo*AUEN RANDOtPH 

A N INT,R-DENOMINATIONA l CONGREGATION 
OF BELIEVERS 

8 : 1 5 / 1 o : 5 o A .M . 
' 
' 
“ RELEASING THE CREATURE 
PRESENCE OF GOO’’ 

9.45 A M. 

“ He Lived Man’s Life” HEB. 2 

Pastor Richard McPherson 

6 oo P.M. 

Celebration of Priase 

‘W orsh ip... Scriptural Patterns" 

Scriptural Examination of Praise, the Lifting of Hands 

Y and Speaking of Men 
^ " ‘‘TirrrrTTrTffl— r r — r r - i « 
- 
"f- * 
“ . . . anc our aging ttig Christian community ta bacoma what Ja»u6 intended . . . a positive, healing influence in a hurting world.’' 

AUSTIN 
(AP) 
- 
An 
Austin m an faces a $2o(1 fine fur littering after an 

CONFUSED uu CARE 
226-4443 

 argument with pollee over a $5 parking citation. 
Tin* man. apparently an­ gered by the parking ticket fin his ear, threw it to the ground and drove off But a police officer went after him and brought hun back. 
Another officer then gave the driver a ticket for lit­ tering. which could cost the man $2oo 

 lead a Christian Life Rev i val 
Sunday th ro u g h 
W ednesday al 5: I i p i i i nightly at the church, 2718 
Frontier Drive. 
Dr. Webb has been pastor of First Baptist Church for the past 24 years Ile is the past chairman of the San 
Marcos Academy. 

CALVARY CHAPEL 

Larry Lafleur, a charis­ m a tic follow er, will a d ­ dress the congregation al 7 p in. Sunday at the church, 
1197 W Hildebrand St 
F.G. F o ster, pastor of 
Calvary invites the public to attend. Nursery care w i l l 

Im * prov h i e d 

BETHANY UNITED 
METHODIST 

“ A Call to P rayer and 
Self-Denial for W om en,” will he observed on Tues­ day at 9:3o a i i i . at Hit* church. 41o2 E L senhaucr 
Road. 
The Call will focus o n p ra y e r and in c lu d e s a 
“ Quiet D ay" observance and un interpretation of th** 

 m i s s i o n p ro je c ts iii the 
United States and abroad for which a special offering w ill be collected. 

ST. JOHN’S LUTHERAN 

A dram atic film, “ Like A 
M ighty A rm y ." will he shown at tin* church, 5o2 E. 
Nuevo St., at 9 3o a . i i i . 
Sunday iii the banquet hall 
The public is invited to attend the free showing of the film, released by Go­ spel Film, Inc., of Muske­ gon, Mich 

TRINITY BAPTIST 

The Heritage Singers ll. a gospel group, will h e iii concert at 7 p.m. Monday at 
Hu* ch u rch , 319 E. Mill berry SI 
The 15-membcr group is a sister group to Heritage 
Singers. U S A. The public is invited to attend the free concert. 

FIRST 
PRESBYTERIAN 

A new series of studies on 
“ The 
New 
T e s ta m e n t 
World of the Apostle Paul” will he conducted Wednes­ day n ig h ts b e g in n in g 
Wednesday at H IS p.m. 
The opening address will he given by John G. Fetes, professor of theology at St 
M ary ’s U n iv ersity . T he series will run through 
March. 

THE LITTLE CHI RC II OF 
LA VILLITA 

The Rev. David F,haugh will begin a th re e -d a y teaching m ission at the church at ll a n i and H p.m. Sunday 
Ile will also speak on 
Monday and Tuesday at 
IO 3o a iii and 7.3o p tit 
The Rev, Mr. Ehuugh will discuss tin* hook of 
Revelation 
The public is cordially invited to attend 

V 

The Little Church of La Villita 
5o8 Villita St. 

P r e i M l i 

Rev. David K bit ugh, Harrisburg, Penna. * Bible Teacher 

Sunday, January 9th, 11:oo a.m . and 6:oo p.m. 
Monday and Tuatday, Jan. 1oth and 1 1th, 1o:3o a.m. and 7:3o p.m. 

Rev. though, very gifted in engineering, invention, and electronic*, brought his gift* of logic and analysis to the Bible and especially the Book of Revelation, There were times he fasted and prayed in asking the Lord to open the deeper meanings of part* of this amazing book. Puzzling passages began to clear u p for him and thus for thousands of Bible students. New, profound, and startling insights came which no 
Christian had seen in the 2,ooo-year history of the Christian Church. G o d has open­ ed many doors for him, and his interpretations are becoming more and more ac cepted by Bible students of many denominational backgrounds. His ministry is ex­ citing, different, and unique. 

The public is cordially welcome. 

San Antonio EXP R ESS-N EW S— 
Saturday January 8 1977 
D O W JONES INDUSTRIAL AVEHAGE 
N Y S E INOEX 

 am hunt gives 
Barg mart m odest gain 

'JI 
57 
56 
I 
SB 
• 
54 p 
I 
■ ■■V 
I 
53 
M iiJ 
52 

51 
BO 

49 

48 

ASSOCIATED PWE .SS 
NEW YORK - Stock traders did some cau­ tious bargain hunting 
F riday, g iv in g the market a modest gain for the second straight session. 
Tho Dow Jones average of HO industrial sleeks rose 
3 24 to 983 13 after a I SU advance on Thursday. 
But the closely watched indicator of market trends nonetheless finished the first week of 1977 with a net loss of 21 52 points. 
C ontrast 
That showing contrasted sharply with the 19-and 
53-point jumps recorded by the Dow in the first five trading davs of 1975 and 
1978 
G ainers outnum bered losers by about a 4-3 m ar­ gin in Friday's tally of New 
York Stock Exchange is­ sues 
Big 
Board volum e 

 dropped off to 21 72 million shares from 23.92 million on Thursday. 
Analysts said some buy­ ing was prom pted by encouragem ent over the m arket’s relatively steady behavior Thursday in the afterm ath of the surprise selloff over the first three days after New Year’s 
They also noted general approval of D ecem ber chain-store sales figures issued Thursday, as well as the governm ent’s report 
Friday afternoon that con­ sumer credit expanded by 
$1.24 million in November 

W aiting 
A number ot investors, meanwhile, seemed to hold off any major activity dur­ ing the day aw aiting 
President -elect C arte r's economic proposals. 
.lust after the NYSE close 
(a rte r and leading 
Democrats from Congress announced a proposal for a 
$39 billion combination of tax cuts and spending over 

 the next two years. 
Standard & Poor’s index of 4oo ind u strial stocks slipped .o5 to 116.54, and 
S&P’s 5oo-stock composite index eased OI to 1o5 OI. 
Bauseh & Lomb, the most active NYSE issue, jumped more than 4 points and Na­ tional Patent Development rose a fraction in active trading in the American 
Stock Exchange. 
Bauseh A Loinb said the two companies had settled all their legal disputes over the soft contact lens busi­ ness, and National Patent said it would introduce a soft lens in the 
U.S. market. 

General Electric, which announced an internal reorganization plan, climbed nearly a point in active trailing. 
National Semiconductor lost a fraction to the 25 level after a 
1 4 -point drop 
Thursday, when the com­ pany reported sharply lower quarterly earnings. 
The stock soared from 
Coastal owns Zenith oil 

HOUSTON (AP) — Coastal States (,as 
Corp. reported Friday a subsidiary owned the fuel oil aboard the tanker Grand Zenith that has been missing in the North Atlantic more than a week. 
Another subsidiary also was said lo have been using the tanker under an agreement to charter the vessel through a third party 
It is lh*- second time within a month for a 
( oastal States subsidiary to be involved in 
Atlantic tanker mishaps 

Coastal Mates confirmed earlier that a third subsidiary served as a broker for tho cargo of 146,llliil barrels of fuel oil aboard the tanker Argo M erchant that ran aground Dec 15 off M assachusetts to cause one of the largest oil spills in history along the the Atlantic Coast. 
Both tankers carried No. 6 fuel oil, a heavy oil used iii power generating plants, scheduled for delivery to M assachusetts firms 
Soybean prices firm 

Soybeans firm ed th is w eek in response to several factors, not the least of which was a speech made in Florida on Thursday by 
A ssistant 
A gricultu re 
Secretary Richard Bell. 
* 
He asserted that beans could be in short supply before a new crop is har­ vested next fall 

He also indicated that according to current avai­ lable d ata, world food stocks arc more likely lo decline than increase. 
Also contributing to the strength in prices were re­ ports that the Peoples Re- pubbc of China might be bidding for over 8oo,ooo metric tons of beans 
The grain market in Chi­ cago had a generally firm undertone following both the lead of soybeans and the 

 rtf 
Af 
COMMODITY 
REPORT 
Furnished h\ Gerald s. 
( olm, vice president, sales division, San Vn- lonio office. Bache Hal­ sey Stuart Inc. 

 moisture problems in the west 
In New York coffee fu­ tures suffered declines due to Hie increasingly real threat of a cutback in 
Put our sticker 

CLASSIFED ADS LUCKY LICENSE 

 on your bumper... 

W y ­ 

| 
T E X A S ll ess | 

I O V E -249 I 

7 - 
.........-— r.F" I 

 anet you could win 

N j r 
V 
U 
• 
Our bumper sticker m akes your license 

 a Lucky License — eligible for ixp re ss-N e w s classified price m oney! 

Curt your FBEI b u m p** stick** a t rt*» Em press 
M ew s lo b b y, A »* I a n a T h u d S t , h o rn H IO n m to 5 3 o p rn w e e k d a y v, o f o t a n y Io n * 
S to f, M r M . C ircle K . o r O T o te M vt©re P ut it o n your co r s ro a r b u m p e r c lo Mi to th e 

 licen c e p la te ! O u r p h o to g r a p h e r ! o r e m a p 

 p in g p ic tu re s o t lu c k y lic e n s e s e v e ry d a y — y o u c o a id win S S O it y o u rs is p u b lis h e d rn th e c la ss ifie d s e c tio n o f th e S o n A n to n io Em­ 

 p re s s a n d T he N e w s 1 

W IN N IN G LU C K Y LICEN SES A P P E A R EVERY D A Y 
IN THE S A N A N T O N IO E X P R E SS A N D 
THE N E W S I CHECK 
IT T O D A Y . . . Y O U C A N W IN $5o1 

Lucky License R ules! 
W here to get your sticker: 
I Stock tuck? Lac##*# buffbar 
Warn* POH as IMHhtbk I# tut* lim per *§ Hoer a t tow****" st tsar « to 3k»»y fturff&c 
% aw lut-rn and New* * % ywpr p- t plat**. anti br pwfet'hNMj #*»*# da# (ie8***# Stings*, Sap* J# 

;j w m w ib m mm# bv dm*#** *mm4 rn Th# ms 
^ 
# tat*! OSM*## my** 
Vt***# av'o**«k»a# 
<*{-#>« ittp rr<4j hy bu 

$ a# «** i *pom Hmm 
•kgnbft # iutb o k&rnm •% #w 
* Omit tmfr-n Mr* wAb fipvu Ne 
*•» PM**» m+mi 

P tma be 
|M> 
>* ptmm a— rn im H a It not to# pu«* * 
# **& (tot<new a 
Sump#? m * t**m% lam# %*&> tm, a* u m4 Hmm I »# 
♦**•*' km* ipv'H** 
A 
# rn rn $ $£) p m n him* m o* m&m. a,if#® tew* t 
.names and rn photo# pi bt 
*#» *6# I «£*#:»» 
1 
Clotting do PHM rn* Im ar asO&mjw. such tMosnotso* lot 

 betos s t>r>d t-bfi w 
om rn** not tam 
I tnbbt tiig-Wt br*©*# **»# 

 iv to* «t t*sef«p.e»,s 

E«k vie KOU* hun.**, sinker a i m e I .p re s . Ste** lobby, 
Are t ane t i n ! kl ho*. • JO a » 
S t O p * 
*-« h d u f * or ut any io n Amen** lo n e S<o' **• M, 
C u t ie lf a n ti U to r* im sla te 

Express-News 
C lassified A ds W ork! 
C all 225-1666 

To subscribe , to tho Kxprass ond New t, call 225-741 I. 

914 in early 1975 to 55% last year, but since then has fallen hack more than 5o per cent. 
Superscope, which cut its estim ates of sales and earnings for 1976, fell 2 points. 
The NYSE’s composite 

 index edged up o4 to 56.79. 
On the American Stock 
Exchange, the m arket value index was up .6o at 
11o.94. 
The NASDAQ composite index for the over-the- counter m arket closed at 
97.53, up .24 

BUSINESS DIGEST 

 consumer demand. 
Organized boycotts, some of which were initiated by grocery chains, would have the effect, ll successful, of cutting coffee usage i i i the 
United Statee while 1 ii - creasing the demand for tea and cocoa. 
Coffee beans tor delivery in May dropped by 12 cents during the last three ses­ sions of the last three ses­ sions of the week. 
Since the severe frost hit 
Brazilian trees in July 1975. world quotations have climbed steadily 
That nation’s production suffered a 66 per cent cut this year to only seven mil­ lion bags. 
Since there is a three to four year lag while new trees come on line, prices may he firm for some time to come 

Port doesn’t want 
Alaskan tankers 

C O M PIlfD FROM WIRE SERVICES 
SEATTLE — Two representatives of Clallam County, 
Wash , groups gave an Interior Department hearing on a 
Sohio Alaskan oil facility proposal the same message: don’t consider us an alternative. 
Also, the director of the Washington state Energy 
Office said interests other than those of Standard Oil of 
Ohio should bt* considered 
The hearing Thursday was on a draft environmental impact statement for the proposal to bring Alaskan crude from Valdez, Alaska, to Long Beach. Calif., via tanker than fui to Midland. Tex., by pipeline for distribution to the 
Midwest. 
One alternative to Long Beach is Port Angeles, county seat of Clallam, described by the statement as “one of the best deep water situations on the West Coast.” It would be linked to the Midwest by pipeline. 
Federal wom en’s hank nixed 

WASHINGTON — The U.S. comptroller of the currency has denied an application to set up (he nation’s first federally chartered women’s bank in downtown Washing­ ton 
The applicants, who include several Washington busi­ nesswomen and educators, were told that as a group they lacked the qualifications to run a bank and failed to show the economic potential to make one profitable, according to a letter from the comptrollers’ office. 
Convictions overturned 

PHILADELPHIA — A federal appeals court has thrown out price-fixing convictions against four gypsum board manufacturers and three ext'cutives. 
The split decision Thursday by the 3rd U.S Court of 
Appeals overturns the July 1975 convictions of United 
States Gypsum Co.; National Gypsum Co.; Georgia-Pacific 
Corp ; Ceiotex Corp ; Colon Brown, chairman of the hoard of directors of National Gypsum; J .P. Nicely, retired 
National Gypsum vice president for sales; and Andrew J. 
Watt, executive v ice president of United States Gypsum. 
Suit on Texaco urged 

AUSTIN — The Texas Air Control Board has asked Atty 
Gen John Hill to sue Texaco. Inc., for allegedly violating anti pollution standards at its Port Arthur plant. 
The board said it also was asking Hill to sue Tompkins 
Coatings, Inc., of Houston for alledged violations of the 
Texas Clean Air Act 
Texaco allegedly' violated a rule which prohibits a com­ pany from storing a volatile carbon compound in a sta­ tionary tank with a capacity of more than 25,o9o gallons unless vapor loss can bi* prevented 
Finance firms want hike 

AUSTIN — Sen Bill Patm an said Friday finance companies want the 1977 legislature to enact a bill raising their “ extra-high rates” by 25 per cent even though their own burrowing costs have gone down dramatically in the past two years. 
Hearing set on gas suit 

AUSTIN — The Texas Railroad Commission has scheduled a Jan 18 hearing lo decide whether to ask the attorney general to sue the community of Appleby and five gas distributing companies for allegedly violating com­ mission safety regulations 
The com panies involved are Rimrock Gas Co. of 
Amarillo, McLeod Gas Co of McLeod, Dick Dowling Gas 
Co of Sabine Pass, Junction Natural Gas Co. of Junction and Southwest Gas Distributors, Inc of Haywood. 

Dollar regains all losses for week 

ASSOCIATED PRESS 
LONDON 
- 
The dollar rallied Friday to recoup all its losses a gain st m ajor E uro­ pean curren cies ear­ lier this week. 

The price of gold rose slightly alter sharp drops over the previous two days. 
European dealers, said general reappraisal of U.S. interest rate prospects was the m ain reason for the dollar’s increased strength. 
The dollar was also helped, they said, by news from the economic strong­ man ol Europe, West Ger­ many, that told of higher unem ployment, lower in ­ dustrial output and lack of foreign demand on order books. 
Gold closed at $133 an ounce in London against 
$132.75 T hursday. In Zu­ rich. Europe’s other main bullion center, it closed at 
$133,623 against $132,875. 

Tuesday gold closed at what dealers term ed an 
“artificially high” price of 
$136,125 in Zurich and $136 in London. 

The dollar closed higher 

Friday against E urope’s two strongest currencies, the West German mark and the Swiss franc. 
The U .S. currency bought 
2.3653 marks in Frankfurt against only 2.35 Thursday 
Airline sets new passenger record 

SPECIAL TO THE EXPRtST *IEW S 

DALLAS — Southwest 
Airlines set another record in December when it car­ ried 136,137 p assengers between Dallas, Houston, 
San Antonio and the Rio 
Grande Valley. 
The total represented an increase of 41 per cent over the 96,271 passengers car­ ried during December 1975. 
Southwest flew 35,725,424 revenue passenger m iles during last month, or an increase of 4o per cent over the 25.582.o8o flown in the same month of 1975. 
New records were also 

 attained during the fourth q u a rte r of 
1976 when 
Southwest carried 4o7,626 passengers, com pared to 
3o9,719 passengers carried during the same quarter of 
1975, 

Southwest carried 1,539,- 
113 passengers during 1976, which represents a 35 per cent increase over the 
1,136.318 passengers c a r­ ried during 1975. 

Southwest experienced a 
36 per cent increase in revenue passenger miles in 
1976 over 1975. 
EXPRESS-NEWS ANALYSIS 

MONDAY 
- P rofit taking on the 19-point rise of the previous week brought a loss of 4.9o in the 
Dow Jones Industrial Aver­ age Despite the decline. 
California Standard, a Dow stock, posted a new yearly high. The m arket as a whole faired better, with the NYSE index of all com­ mon stocks off orriv o 19 and with advances running 216 over declines. Tile market posted 2o5 new yearly highs and no new lows. 

TUESDAY — The down­ trend was extended. Of the 
3o Dow stocks. 25 fell (eight by a point or more) against only three advances, and 
Looking for investment profits? lake this course. 

Investment success depends to a groat degree on an understanding of the fundamentals And thats exactly what this Bache Halsey Stuart course is designed to give you 
We ll explain how to invest in stocks, bonds and other securities with special attention to convertible bond and preferred stock strategies We ll cover options as a m eans of increasing return on stocks or as a method of speculation including the risks and potential rewards of each We ll also discuss portfolio structure...investment philosophy .technical market analysis. And a lot more 

Dates: 3 consecutive Wednesday evenings, 
January 12, 19 & 26, 7.3o p.m. 
W here: Bache Halsey Stuart Office, 
Alamo Savings Tower, 9o1 N E Loop 41o 
Speaker: George Metz, Bache Halsey Stuart Account Executive 

Admission is free, but reservations are suggested. Call (512) 828-7141, or return the coupon Options Clearing Corporation prospectuses will be distributed 

Bache Halsey Stuart Inc 
Alamo Savings Tower, 9o1 N E Loop 41o. San Antonio, Tex 782o9 
(512) 828-7141 • James E Trice Mgr 

R e se rve ------------------------ seat(s) for me at your investment course 
C I can t attend Please let me know about the next course 

 addraiss 

 city 

 homiphoW 

 but# z ip 

 pl u'.u 

Boche Halsey Stuaii client &~pioii&<ii give* name and office Tit account executive 
B ache 
Halsey 
S tuart 

 the DJLA closed off 11 88. 
Nevertheless, again ont o r its components, this time 
International H arvester, posted a new yearly high. 
The days day’s loss was the sharpest since a drop of 
17.37 on Nov. 5. 
WEDNESDAY 
- The scil-off continued through a third day, and the DUA fell 
9.81. Volume broadened to 
25,o1o.ooo shares. Brokers cited no news to account for the decline; rather some felt that profits were being taken following the seven- week uptrend that began seven days after Election 
Dav. 
THURSDAY 
- A fter losing 26.59 during the first three days of the year, the 
Dow industrials staged a normal rebound that c a r­ ried it up b e tte r than 8 points by mid-day. But late selling p re ssu re cut the gain on the day declines and the NYSE index of all common stocks up o 16 The news budget included re­ ports of D ecem ber sales gains running 9 to IO per cent over a year earlier by major retail chains. 

FRIDAY 
- The Dow m anaged another m odest gain in uncertain trading as investors waited word of 
P resid en t-elect C a rte r’s econom ic program . The average closed up 3 24. 
Alter the close. Carter pro­ posed $3o billion in tax cuts and and jobs and public works programs. 

SUMMARY 
- P rofit taking after four straight weeks of advance totaling 
54 points brought weakness for three days and then a m odest up tu rn , w hich, however, brought a loss on the week. E m phasis on speculative and low-priced stocks was pointed up by the fact the American Stock 
Exchange Index posted its highest close (11o.94) in history. 

RANGE 
— High was made on Monday at 1oo7.81, 
Low was made on Wednes­ day and Thursday at 97Uo7. 
Close. Friday, 983.13. Loss on the week, 21.52. Volume, 
’all shares traded on the 
NYSE, 
114.67 m illion shares. 
AN ALYSIS RY CHARLES E CAROEN . 
LOCAL STOCKS 

 oTi; 

\m**r S«h* Life*, 

M w of Tx Comm 

I sol W 1*9'I* 
Thi- Vt 9 I I* 
N f l 

H h I 
HUI 
A»l* < hailer 
•T IX , 
3 4 
OI*, 
34 
. .34 
— 
34 
„ m 
1o4 
2 o 4 
1o4 
2o' i» mmrn 
2o 
2o4 
2o4 
3o4 
— - . 
21 'n 
2o 
224 
234 up 14 
2o4 
O O I / , 
2o 
22 do 4 
. 8 4 
o 
o 4 
1o4 up 14 
46 
47 
SO 
514 up 4 4 
234 
264 
254 
264 
_ 
6 3 4 
6 4 4 
63 
64 dn 4 
. 35 
37 
35 
37 
TT nr 
. 12 
124 
12 
124 
184 
1o4 
184 
194 
_ 

141-I 
THU t o ! 

Conroy Inc......................... 

W , , k 
VU . I* 
I Ila iijft* 
14 u p 4 
Fox Stanley P h o to ......... ......... OH 
1o4 dn 4 
Howell Corp...................... 
184 dn 4 
L Q Motor lu n e ................ ......... 
8 > h 
O'8 up 4 

M S K 
Church** C hick.............. 
34 V* n.„L 
Hurte-Iluilk*..................... 
2o up I 
I c m n o Pet.......................... 
164 up 4 

'It T I VI K l M I S 
I SAA Cap G row th......... 
8.o5 dn 16 
I 'SA A Incom e.................. . . . . ll .o8 
11 o7 dn OI 

1.12 
\ 
_ 

P a g e 
7 
C 
S o n A n t o n i o E X P 
R 
E S 
S 
- N 
E W 
S 
— 
S a t u r d a y J a n u a r y 8 
1 9 
7 7 
S T R I C T L Y 
B U S I N E S S 
M c F e e t t e r s 

C o m p le t e n a t i o n w i d e t*om po«iit4» p r i c e s 

 s t o 
& 
M s 
E x c l u s i v e In S a n A n t o n io 

A — B — C 

Y e a fly 
H ig h Lo w 

36+% 
3 * 
24+% 
1 7 * 
AO* 
33 
1134 
SS'a l l 
/TO 
13’ o 
5+* in * 
3 6 * 
S31? 
113s 
17 
77.* 
3 9 * 
15'% 
34 Vs 
253* 
167% 
116 
1o3"? 
913* 
91"? 
16'S? 
2H* 
S3* 
237'* 
IST* 
28 
9 * 
133* 
4 3 '* 
253* 
4 5 '? 
223* 
2 o ' 
443* 
133* 
IS' • 
* 59V* 
57 
6 
3o 
9 3 * 
IS '* 
A IU 
41"? 
6oV* 
146 
S93* 
233* 
21V* 
3 7 '? 
3 7 '* 
75 
21V* 
163* l l "a 
IS3* 
46 
26 
4 o * 
12V* 
39V* 
237* 
3 
17’* 
283* 
11 
28'? 
8 '* 
14V* 
25"? 
14 
6V* 
253* 
183* 
7o’* 
29"? 
21V* 
19 
373i 
373* 
6 '* 
W H 
IO * 
73 * 
44H 
12'* 
17 
3o'* 
84 
8 '* 
33'? 
64'-* 
ABH 
SO'* 
51s* 
12 
18’ ? 
14 v* 
15 
19'* 
17 
2 9 * 
19’* 
3 5 * 
13'* 
9 * 
3 '* 
24 >* 

313* A e r Iud 
1.8o 8 
244 
34’* 
I ’* A J In d u s ! 
8 
3o5 
4 Va 
17’* A M P Inc I 24 IO 1o35 21'* 
123* A P LC orp 
I 5 
232 
14V* 
44V* A R A Sv 
I 2o 13 258 
12V* A S A Ltd 
8o 
593 
7V* ATO Inc 
28 6 
643 
373* A bb tLa b 
I 
16 1315 
8 '* A cm eC lv 5o 17 
318 
2V* A dm D g 
o4 
5* 85 
9 ’* A dm E x 
91e 
352 
33-* A dm s M iltis 
8 
55 
73* A ddrssg 
Ioe 19 4632 
22'* Aetna L l I 2o 
9 7915 
36 V* Aetna Lf p l 2 l l 
4-3* A g u irre Co 
U 
1o8 
93* Ahm ans 
-22 
6 
646 
2V? Aileen in c 
7o 
178 
293* A ir Prod 
2o 14 3o94 l l 
A irtm P rt .6o 12 
137 
17V* A irc o ln c 1.15 7 
389 
133* A krona 
I 2o 13 
586 
13'* Ala Gas 
I 28 
8 
67 
1o4'* A laP w p i l l 
89 
A la P p l9 44 
78 
A la P pf8 16 
77V* A laP pf8.28 l l ' * A la s k ln 
6oe 
7 
14 
A lb a n y In .72 
7 
534 A lbertoC 
36 17 
17’* A lbertsn .72 IO 
14'* AlcoStd 8oa 
6 
18'4 A lco nL b 
28 17 
53* A le xdrs 3Ae 
8 
T i A lleqC p 
75e 15 
26"? A llg L u d I 92 
6 
24 
A llg Lu d w i 
33V4 A llg L u d pf 3 
16"* A llg P w 
1.68 
8 
934 A lle nG rp 6o 

S a l* * 
B-E 
(hdx.) 
H igh Lo w la s ! Chg 

34'* 
4 V? 
2o3. 
133* 
49 
2o3* 
93s 
47 
BTO 
3 
123* 
43* 
12’* 
32 
48 l l ' * 
15V* 
3 '* 
313* 
14 
29'* 
16'* 
16'* 
1 1 2 

333* A lld Ch 
I 8o IO 3877 
77 
1o9 

3 5o 
93 

9’* A lld M n t 
.64 
7 
93* Al Id Prod 6o 23 
4o34 A lld S tr 
I 8o 
6 
533b A lld S tr p ! 
4 
. 
2 * A lld S u p m kf l l ’* AJIisChal 
9o 
6 1139 
63* A lin A ul 
6o 
9 
1o4 
A'? A lp h a P rt 
25e 
6 112 
38'* A lcoa 
I 4o 18 1839 
3o 
Am aiSug 3a 
7 
66 
47 
A m a * 
I 75 
14 
778 
115 
A m a * pf5.25 
52' ? A m e x pfB 3 
1134 A M B A C 
I 
16'/* A m e rce 1.2o 
29' i A m rc pf 2.6o 
163* A Hess 
6o 
457* AH es pf 3.5o m * A A irF ilt 
.56 
83* Am A irlin 
4’/* A m cord 
38 l l 3* Am Baker 
5 
38’ * A B m ds 2.8o IO 
21 
A B rod pf I 7o 

5o 3* 
213* 
IO'/* 
4 9'* 
11 av* 
13'* 
43* 
143* 
3534 
51 
113* 
16’ I 
3’* 
35’* 
14’ ? 
31V* 
17 
16’* 
J98o 116 
. . . 
745o 1o3'4 1o2 I 
73o3o 
9134 
9oV* 
9 1 '* 
18'? 
1834 
73* 
23 v* 
18’ * 
2 3's 
8’* 
13 
36-'. 
24" ? 
41'4 
223* 
13’* 
443» 
12 V? 
113* 
463* 
55 
33s 
27 
9 
1534 
5 7'* 
36'? 
5934 

766o 
1412 
72 
1o3 
65o 
256 
435 
922 
1o2 
582 
6 
79 
736 
121 

8 
553 
7 
1o7 
12 
9 6148 
' 1o13 
9 
238 
8 3o5o 
8 
392 
5 
66 
685 
25 

12 141 
264 
5934 

91 
IS 
173, 
73, 
22"? 
18'* 
22'* 
7 '* 
12’* 
36 
24 
4o'-? 
21’* 
13'/« 
3834 
12>4 
1o3* 
44 >* 
55 
3 '* 
25’* 
834 
153* 
55V* 
35 
5634 

56 
652 
26 
28o 
321 

233* 
2o3, 
36'* 
323* 
75 
18’* 
143* ll'/* 
14V? 
45’* 
253* 
393* 
IO’* 
39V* 
23"? 
234 
17V* 
283* 
1o3* 
2 7'* 
8 
14'* 

19’* A m fides t 
I 15 322o 
834 Am B ldM 
5o 
7 
3o3* A rn Can 
2 .4o 8 
21 
A Can pf I 75 
I ' * A m een M fg 
12"? A m C red ,52e 
5 
23"? A C yan 
I.SO IO 1732 
734 A m D iS til! 
12 
49 
1934 A Dis! Tel 
84 12 
7o1 
4 '* A m D u alV t 
66 
12"? A Oui pf 84a 
47 
2o' « Am E I PW 2 o6 IO 2941 25’ ? 
T h A m F in S y pf 
72o5o 
1134 
2' 4 A m F ln S ys 
215 
223* AG I Bd I 96e 
173 
15 
AG enCv I 32 
119 
12'* A m G nlns 
68 8 1587 
213* A m G ln p f 1.8o 
167 
1334 A m G ln pf 9o 
92 
13 
Am H ois! 
8o 
5 
959 
2B'* A m H om e 
I 18 35o5 
28'* Am Hosp 
4o 18 2561 
2 '* A m Invest 2o 31 
268 
5 ’* A M e d ld 
.24 IO 1o88 
5'/? A M edicp 
IO 6 1656 
33* Am 
M otors 
6 2oo8 
3234 A N a tR 
2 64 8 484 
8"» A m Seat 
4o 7 
82 
8 '* A Ship 
,37r 7 
83 
16 s. Am Stnd I 3o 
7 
898 
54"? AStd pf 4 75 
251 
6 
Am ste m 
3o I? 1242 
26'* A m S trs 19o 
6 
216 
SO’ * A m T iT 3 8o l l 5678 
55 
A m T & T p f 
4 
845 
433* AT T p f A3 64 
628o 
45 
A T T pfB 3 74 
2275 
83* A W atW k 
7o 
6 
23 
15"? AW 4 lp f I 43 
765o 
12'* AW p rt 1.25 
7 8oo 
12' ? AW Spf I 25 
7 21o 
14’* Am eron 
I 
7 
75 
5"? Am esD 
18e 
5 
53 
19'4 A m etek I 4o IO 
388 
13 
A m fa c ln c 
I 
8 
578 
26 
A M P ine 
41 24 744’ 
8"? A rn PCO 
6o 
9 
35 
43* Am pex Corp 13 1512 
I '4 A m re p Corp 
19 
Am star I 35 
5 
717 
73, A m s tr pf 68 
19 
34 
Am sled 
2 
8 
195 
4"? A m tel 
36 IO 
4o7 
17'* Anacond 
6o 123 4o1 
22’* A nchrH I 4o 
6 
174 
35V. And Cly 
2 
233, A ndC iay wl 
5 
A ngelica 
16 
53* A nixfe r 
2o 
7 
An SUICO 53t 
IO '* Apache 
5ob 
233* Apco O il 
13* Apeco Corp 
74"? ApPw pf8 12 
2' ? A ppl id Mag 
93* A rca ta N h 
22'* A rc a tN p l ? 
17 
A rchD an 
2o 
33* A rc tic E nfr 
I ’* A rls ta r 
IS 
A ri7P S v I 48 
1o334 A rtP p f 1o 7o 
6 
A rk Best 44b 
21"? A rkL G s I 8o 
2 
A rlee RI! 
4 '* A rm ada 
263* A rm co 
27 
A rm p f 2 IO 
A rm r pf 4.75 

111 l l 
9 577 
8 
224 
68 
7 1115 
35 
94o 
363 yi6o 
12 
171 
8 
256 
6 
8 1739 
8 
165 
.. 
26o 
1o53 

334 
253* 
183* 
2o v? 
29 
21 
19 
32’* 
31 
5’* 
143, 
IO '* 
4 '* 
443* 
IO '* 
16'* 
29'* 
82"? 
7 ". 
33'? 
633* 
6634 
5o". 
S I'* l l ’* 
18 
143. 
15 
16’* l l 3* 
28"* 
16’ * 
28'? 
13'-* 
8’ * 
21* 
243. 
8'/* 
523, 
7V« 
3o'* 
3o3* 
48>* 
24'* 
7 '* 
8 
834 ll ' ? 
35'4 
13* 
92 
4 '* 
163* 
21'? 
21s* 
ATO 
33* 
7o 

* CRJ 

23’ e A rm stCk 
I 12 1255 

795o 115 
74 ll '? 
662 
“ 
473 
68 
917 
99 
715o 

57'? 
213* 
18'4 
333* 
3o34 
713, 
18'/* 
133* 
1o3* 
14'* 
45 
2434 
37’* 
IO"? 
383* 
23'* 
2 '4 
163* 
273* 
1oV* 
263* 
7H 
13’* 
25 
IO'? 
33* 
24’* 
1734 
193* 
27’/* 
21 
ITV? 
29’* 
283* 
5'? 
13’* 
93* 
4 
43"? 
9’* 
153* 
283* 
81 
63* 
32'? 
623* 
65’* 
4934 
5 o * 
113* 
18 
14’* 
14V* 
16 
I I H 
28 
15 
27'% 
13 
83* 
2 
22’* 
8'% 
S IH 
63* 
29 
29’* 
47 
2334 
63. 
7 '* 
8 ". 
16' 4 
32s, 
1 H 
9o 
3 H 
153* 
21'? 
18’ * 
3’ * 
3 '* 
19V, 

34+%— 
TO 
4 * 
21 
- 
+% 
14 
— 
* 
49'/*— 
+4 
21 
+ 
H 
9+/*— 
V* 
47 V?— ITO l l 
+ 
ITO 
3'%+ 
TO 
U 
+ 
+% 
4 H + 
+% 
13+4 + 
TO 
33+%— 2 
5o 
— 3TO 
11’? - 
TO 
15 Va— ITO 
3'?— 
+% 
32'?— 2H 
1 4 * — 
* 
X 
— 
TO 
U+ii— 
TO 
UTO+ 
'/* 
116 
+ STO 
1o3 Va— 
'/* 
91+4 + 
ITO 
91"? + 
2 
18TO+ 3 
17’/?— 
TO 
7H + 
TO 
22’% - 
’/* 
18H + 
* 
22’%— 
+% 
7 H + 
+4 
U H — 
* 
36 
— I 
24*%— 
V* 
4o+%— 
TO 
22 — 
* 
13+%- 
TO 
4A 
+ 
4 
12+% 
11'/*+ 
TO 
44' a— ITO 
55 
+ 
TO 
3 * . . 
26 
SH 
15’/? + 
TO 
55+4— ITO 
36'? + 
1 * 
57+%— 2+% 
138+4— 5+% 
5 7 H - 
ITO 
23'/« + 
TO 
19+4+ 
1+% 
3 6 * + 
2TO 
31+4 
7 3'? + 
TO 
18+%- 
TO 
14'? + 
I 
1o+%- 
TO 
14 V*. 
45+%- 
+% 
25'% + 
V* 
38 
- 
ITO 
1o3. + 
38 ’* — 
TO 
2 3 '/? + 
'.? 
23*+ 
3* 
1634— 
3 * 
2 8 '*+ 
V* 
1o'?+ 
'* 
2634— 
3 * 
734— 
'/* 
14 
. . . . . 
25'/*— 
"4 
1 1 * + 
3 * 
3 3 4 + 
'/* 
253*+ 
3* 
17’* - 
'* 
2o3*+ 
'* 
28 
— I ’* 
21 
— 
'A 
18 
3o’* - I ’* 
29 
— 13/. 
5 3 * - 
'4 
14' 4 + 
3, 
9’* + 
3* 
4 '* + 
V* 
433*— 
V* l6 '* + 
H 
15H + 
'* 
283*+ 
'% 
82 
7 
— 
'* 
33 
+ 
'? 
63 
— 
'? 
6 6 '*— 
3* 
49’* + 
14 
5 o 3 *- 
V, 
1134+ 
TO 
18 
— 
TO 
1 4 3 * + 
3 * 
1434 
16V?- 
3* 
1134+ 
'* 
78 >4 
16’ 4 + I 
27’/*— I 
13 
OH 
2 
- 
•* 
2 4 H + I'? 
8’* .......... 
51H 
7V.+ 
'4 
29'?— 
V? 
3 o - 3 , 
47’/, + 
’* 
24V* + 
TO 
7 
+ 
'* 
734+ 
'? 
834 + 
3» 
183,+ I ’* 
3 5 '* + 23* 
I V * - 
I * 
91 
+ 
H 
4’* + 
14 
16H + I ’* 
78'?+ 
V* 
183,— T i 
4 
.......... 
33*+ 
'/* 
19'4— 

46J* A rm C pf3 75 
IS 
A rm Ru 
85 
12’ n A roC orp lh 
9+« A rv in 
S2e 
25'* A rv in ln pf7 
13' 8 Asarco 
8o 
!9j b A shto n 
I 9o 
4o' 1 AshlO p f 2 4o 
27' 1 A sd O r G I 5o l l 
S’ * A thlone 
6o 
5 
1H A lice M fg 
/E l 142 
8 

729o 
4 
178 
7 
25 
5 
739 
142 
15 14oo 
7 1891 
6 
435 
257 
239 
387 
2 
1 7 ', A tICyI 
64 
A tle e pf5 87 
49'* Al I Rich I 6o l l 4133 
137 
A ft Reb pf 
3 .. 
8 
44'? AIIRc pt3-7$ 
?3o 
54' * A ti Re pf 2-8o 
2o3 
16H A tla s C p 
14 
617 
25 
A uto Data 24 2o 
53o 
4>, A u tm ln d 
24 
6 
355 
4 '? A vco Corp 
2 2969 
TO A v c o c p W» 
446 
18’* AvcoCp p f 
88 
IT1? A very Int 
36 2o 
33o 
7 ", A v is Inc toe 
7 1o4o 
IO '* A vnetlnc 6o 
7 2o64 
323* AvonPd 
J 17 2o45 l'< BT M fg 
JOe 
16o 

V , 
53* 
32H 
3o34 
53 
2 7 * 
SO"? 
21’* 
IS"* 
17’* 
29’* 
17H 
34’* 
67'? 
33H 
U TO 
3>* 
34 
81 
SBH 
197 
5o'? 
T I'? 
77 V* 
X 
8H 
IS'? 

H 
114’ a 114’* + 
’* 
IO'? 
11'?+ I 
29 
— I 
3 '* — 
V* 
5'-*+ 
'4 
311* — I ’ * 
3o3b + 
H 
53 
+ I'? 
27 
- 
' ? 
S O '?- 
TO 
213*+ I 
18 
- v . 
1 7 '*+ 
' ? 
29’* + 
3, 
17 
+ 
'* 
33TO— 
’* 
67'? 
31TO - 
1 4'* + 
2 H + 
23’* + 
81 
— I 
S O H — I 

29 iv * 
5 
31 
29’ . 
51'? 
26 
5o 
21 
17’, io n 
29' I 
16H 
32’ * 
67’ j 
31’ ? 
13H 
2'? 

 a2? * 
56’ * 

1H 

19o 1 19o' 
SO'? 
JO '? 
TOV* 
T O H — 
1 9 ', 
213,«+ 2 H 
V ? 

27'? 
I 
H H 
I'* 1 5 16 
443* 
41'* 
22 
13'* 
I8 H 
49'? 
23* 
W * Babe k^Afil I 2o 
8 12o736'* 
43* Bache 
4oe 
5 
258 
BH 
36 
9 15o8 
42 13 2461 
68 
7 
61 
8o 
6 
98 

7’* Baker In 
4o’ » B a k rtn tl 
8'? B aldD H 
16'# BallCp 
113, B d lly M f ore 19 2664 
22' * B altG E 2 o8 
9 1582 
5o 
B ait pf B4 5o 
715oo 
IT H B anca 
6o 113 156 
12’ # Bandag 
2o 
4' 1 Bangr Punl 
9 
B a n * p fl 25 
IT 1 BangP pf 7 
28H B kofN Y 2 2o l l ' * fik o fV a 
2 4 * R ankA m 
8o 12 4175 
2 8 * B ankTr 
3 
9 2259 
25H BnkT pt 2 5o 
417 
25 * B arbO ii I 8o 
219 
I I H BardCR 
24 13 
754 
16', BarnsG p 
8o 
7 
117 
7 H Basic Inc 
8o 
4 
SO 
26’ 1 Basic pf2 SO 
?2oo 
22’ . fia fe sM t 
8o 29 
68 
25 
BduSr.VL 
I l l 4895 
33 
B a x fT rv 
24 Z3 1671 
1 7 * Bay SIG I 88 
8 
43 
4’* BaykC ig 
24 244 
4 
17 
B earing 
SO 17 
84 
71'? Bm / f o , im 13 1997 
IU " * Beal r d p f 4 
72+• Bec k iw i 
32 IT 
32'* B e c lo a k 6o 16 
14 
Beech A 
I 
8 
TH Belter 
» 
O H Bel cop 
7oe 
8 
IS H Selden 
I 32 
8 
I 
BeldnHe 36b T 
15 
Bet IMO* 
84 
44"? Bel I Cda 3 72 
7 
IJ H Bennis 
I JO 
8 
37H Bnncji* 
2 9 
86 
B m d ix p f 
I 
17H Bent! CP I 8o 
6 
Benet p f4 3o 

 l l 
4 4 * 
13H 
19’ ? 
3 5 * 
27'? 
59 
1 5 * i i * 
I S * 
16'* 
22'? s 
IS’? 
SOH 
3 
29 
3 5 * 
1 4 * 
19'.* 
U H 
35 
7 7 * 
33 
4o’* 
2 1 * 
4 * 
TO 
28H 
5 136 
2o7 
2 7 * 
34’* 
2 3 * 
9 H 
28? 
25'? 
I '? 
1 9 * 
48 
22H 

45 
Benet pl 4 SO 

589 
495 
1734 
42 
M 
228 
97 
67 
911 
IS 
16o4 
54 
14o 

88 
7 
395 
1178 
12 
672 
I 2296 
4o I t* *8 3 
M m 2673 

_ 
Banal p ts 5o 
25' ? Bntl 5pl 2 5o 
I '* B a iiS fd M fg 
I * B an a lB 
o/e 
TH Ber key Ptio 
O H B n f Prod 
S 
Ben. sn 
J 
27’* Big Three 
ISH B lack Dr 
5 
B la ir Jo 
64 
6 
625 
1 2 * Bi is m au 1 o8 6 
UT 
1 4 * Block HR 
I 14 
885 
2o'* Blue Bell 
8o 
6 14o5 
SH B luebird 
o5e I 
162 
2H Bobbie Bries 
171 
2 4 * Boeing la IO 295o 
23'? Bo, Sec as 8o l l 4ooo 
1 7 * B kM nth I 2o 
8 
23 
28 
Borden 
I 4o IO 12o2 
I* * Bor War I 8o 
I 
569 
J * B o rm a n s 
6 
246 
22H Bos t o 
2 44 1o*517 
81' i Bose p f I 88 y37o 
IO * BosE pf I 17 
744 
I ] * BOSE pf I 48 
386 a * B ran,ti 
28 l l 2337 
IS * BraunCF 6o 
8 1o56 
26 . B rig Sir 
92 16 
TU 
6 1 * B riS IM y 1 8o 18 12o1 
] » * Br is! M p< 
J 
77 
9' I Br if Pet 
J3e 35 5o41 
25 3* B rie * GI I 4o 
T 
235 
W H BkJvUG I 72 
B H Bk I UG pf 2 87 
SH S wnShrp 
2o 
9 H B row nC 
Me 
I t * BwnGp 
I 8o 
SH B rw ri+ e r 
4o l l 
B r uh .w k 
SO 
U 
#rush_W8 
TO 

 lin o lOr 
B utfF o I t 

 o to v a undr p 8o tee* Bun IIH ,1 I aa l l * B unkrR pt I SO 
4 H Biens Ranee 
2 3 * S un kid I 4o 
3 1 * B u riNe I Se 
6' j B url Nu pf 55 
U H B um py 
IB 
63'a B urrghs 
88 
I * * B u tte s ^ O il 
6+* CBS 
2 

9o3* 
V 
6 o * 
V 
53' ? 
"y IOO UT 
(138o 
29H 
2 ". 
1H 
5 * 
24 
4oH 
34H 
JOH 
13 
1 7 * 
23H 
2 8 * 
5 * 
3H 
4 4 * 
33 »« l f * 
3 4 * 
S IH 
$ 
27'? 
97 
1 2 * 
I S H l l * 
38 
3 3 * 

 it 
46+* CBS 
4 1 * 
5 
CBS pi 
$ 
I * c a Carp 
2 H 
TO C I M fg Gp 
S'? 
1 H CIR It lily 
4o3. 
U H C IT P .n 
2 4o 
9 
1H J I t C l A ssets 
7 
4>? CL ASM p t l 16k 
6 
ITO C LC A m 
28 
. 
Cm * In v ^<jp 
S H CRA l l 
CNA p f A l IO l l 
CN A ! 
I Q8a t f l * CPC in t 2 3o 
U H CTECp 
8o 
I * lib C M l E of 

95 
736 
4 4 * 
51 
TH 
12 
77 
3 o * 
2o*2219 O IH 
7 
SIT 
TOH l l 1297 
5 9 * 
. 
I 
.. n j 
.. 
476 
182 
9 
936 
6? 
* 
42 A * 
6*387 
J * 
71 
56o 
I V * 
IO 1568 r n 
XT 
535 

4 o * 
I 
I * 

2o+. 
1 2 * 
1 6 * 
47 
2 * 
34H 
BV* 
IO'? 
42'? l l 
1 8 * 
I I H 
26+* 
55? 
I S * 
16H l l * 
IS 
71'? 
36'? 
IS 
2 8 * 
37v« 
28'? 
34'? 
I I H l l 
U H 
1 4 * 
27 
28V* 
3 9 * 
J IH 
4H 
3o 
7 7 * 
138 
25H 
34 
TI 
I * 
2? 
2 4 * 
8 l f ? 
4 7 * 
21'? 
42H 
86+* 
2 6 * 
59 
S 3* 
117 
2 8 'I 
1H 
I'? 
4'? 
2 1 * 
3 1 * 

1 9 * l l * 
I T * 
7 7 * 
27 
SH 
J'? 
41"? 
JO H 
1 9 * 
3 3 * 
3o 
J * 
26 
95 
I T H 
IS * 
IO * 

 jj r * 
67 
43 
1 3 * 
3 3 * 
1 9 * 
2 7 * 

IO*"’ 
2 2 * 
TTO 
ISH 

2 
* 

I 
6 * 
OH 
2 5 * 

A 
Ti 
ISH h 
47’? 
7H 
7 9 * 
U H 
1 9 * 
57 
T2 

78 
— I * 
8 H + 
+» 
1 5 * + 2 
1 * + 5 16 
4 4H + 3 H 
2 o * — 1H 
13’/*+ 
* 
18'?+ 
* 
47+e— 1H 
T H V 
* 
35H + 
A H ­ 
I I * " 
44+*— 
1 3 ? - 
1 8 '? - 
33 H r 
27H + 
I * 
♦ 
1 5 * + 
IA H - 
12H+ I 
1 6 * + I 
22'?+ I 
37' ? + I 
I S * 
2 8 * - I * 
3 9 '*+ I * 
J I 1? — 
H 
34 H — 
* 
I S * - 
* i i 
— 
* 
U H 
35 
+ 
* 
27 
— 
H 
3 2 * + 3+k 
2 * a— 
* 
2 1 * + 
4 * + 
X 

 i S 
' n p 
- s t o + 
2 3 * + 
9 '? — 
28 
+ 
S H ­ 
I H ........ 
1 9 * + 
H 
4 7 * + 
* 
J I * - 
* 
43+?- I * 
U H - 3 * 
S h - 
59 
- 

 m 
* + 
2 9H + 
IT O - i * - 

7?TO~ 
38 

I 

JO 
— 
* 
12H + I * 
1 7'*— 
H 
23'e— 
* 
T I 'I— 
'? 
5 * 
... 
J' i 
4 1 '* — J * 
J I H - I * 
I O * - 
* 
34 
J O * - 
* 
4 * + I 
26"*— 
'? 
I H 
I 
IT H 
IS "? * 
I I * " 
3 6 * - 
3 1 '? - 
67 H - 
43H ♦ 
1 4 * + 

2 7 * 

1 I + 4*» 

9 '? + 
H 

 f c 
J? 
I 
- 
H 
1 6 '* - 
* 
28 
+ 
* 
R h - 
•? 
7 1 * + 
H 
6o 
+ r .• 
* ', + 
H 

TSH 

!" l f * — v» 
T S * " 
* i v 
H 
2 9 'i " I * 
4 4 H " 
». 
7'?— v. 
2 9 * + 

Yeorty 
H igh lim 

 t s * 
5 ". 
S'? 
SH 
1 9 * 
17"? 
3H 
2 7 * 
39H 
3 1 * 
19' ? 
1 2 * 
57 
24". 
3 
.35’ . 
4' * 
16'? 
71"? 
7 
24' I 
3 o * 
3 5 * 
2oV* 
1 6 * 
25’ * 
42+* 
8 * l l 
1 7 * 
6 2 * 
19’ . 
58 
53 
14 
18'* 
21 
ISH 
5 4 * 
31"? 
29’ ? 
15+* 
29'. 
1 6 * 
18 
25'? 
3 6 * 
2 7 * 
3 o * 
28'? 
IOO 
28 H 
13". 
5H 
2 8 * 
8 * 
3 2 * 
4 l l 
52 
4 4 * 
3 2 ', 
3o 
42 
9 * 
1 4 * 
35+* 
4 * 
9 * 
21 
15s* 
68'? 
7 2 * 
3 5 * 
2 4 * 
23'? 
SI 
59+, 
1o7' ? 
9 1 * 
1o7* 
1o8'* 
15 * 
37H 
SUH 
5 
U H 

1 8 * Cabot c 
I 4o 
2 * Cadence Ind 
2 * Caesars WH 
3 
Ca! Finanl 
15'/. Cal P u t 
V 6o 
IO’ * Cal I ann 
3or 
I * Cam rn 
Bm 
16'? Cm pRL 
6oa 16 

Soles 
P-E 
(bds.) H igh la w . 

IS 
U '/. 
I * 
. 
JR 
_________ 
25 
29+/. Cam Sp 1 48 12*396 
39H 
27VB CampTg I 12 IO 
8o 
31'? 
13 
CdnPac 
86e 7 
556 17 
7’ i CanalR 
64 17 
24 
8 * 
4 2 * CapC itis 
2o 13 
412 57 
17", CapHold 
6o l l 
4o6 22'% 
* Capif M fg 
84 
I'? 
29+% Carbor 
I 12 
9 
377 
35 
2'? C arling OKe 2o 
189 
3 * 
1o+. C a rlisle 
88 
8 
128 
16'? 
53"? CaroC&Oh 5 
/174o 
7o ? 
5 * C aroFrg 
2o 38 
72 
6 * 
ITH CaroPw 
1 72 
8x1555 23H 
» ’/. C arP pf 2 67 
78 
3o’% 
21"? carree 
1 ac 8 no 35* l l * C arrC p 
64 13 3464 
2oV* 
12"? C arrG n 
89e 
28 
U H 
1 7 * C arf Haw 
9o IO 
833 
2oH 
31'? C a rtH w pf2 
74 
3 6 * 
6 
C arfW a ll 
4o 3o 
158 
7'? 
8 
CascNG 
5or 
8 63o 
9 
IS 
CastiCk 
8ob 
6 lev 
IS H 
53'% C a trp T r I 5o 12 245o 
58 
14 
CecoCp 
I IS I? 
48 
17H 
41’ /. Cel an se 2 8o 
9 
9o5 
SOH 
46 ’ . Cern pf A4 5o 
23 
52"? 
7 * Centex 
12 l l 1819 
12H 
13* Cen SOW I 2o IO 3667 
17 
17"? Cen Hud 
1 72 
8x112 
21 
ISH C e n lllL t I 6o 12 
361 
ISH 
45 
C nlLt p it 5o 
J 5oo 
54'/* 
27"? C n lL t pf2.87 z27oo 
31'? 
TS'i C n lL t pf? 62 
*659o 
29"? 
12’/ . Cen ll PS I 28 IO 
698 
15’? 
18 
CenLaE I 4o l l 1234 
2 9 * 
14 
CeM Pw I 4o ll 
232 
16H 
IJ H Cen Soya 
7o 
7 
334 
1 5 * 
19". Cen Tel 
I 36 1o 
876 
2 5 * 
1 9 * C entrD at .8o 12 
835 
27’* 
15 
C ert teed 66 l l 
384 
J IH 
2 1 * CessnAlr I 2o 
8 655 
2 9 * 
18 
C h am plnt 
I 
9 1144 
273* 
55 
Chm I pf5 5o 
+133o 92 
IS H Chm I pl I 2o 
82 
27’? l l 
Cham Sp 
68 IO 2252 
13 
2 H C hartrC o o8 36 11o7 
4 * 
21H C h artr NY 2 
6 
3oo 
78’% 
7 
ChaseFd 
6oe 
X164 
8H 
26+% ChaseM 2 2o 13 5559 
31H 
2 
Chase T 
83e 
26o 
3 * 
SH Chelsea 
4o 38 
144 
7 
2 5 * Chem in 1.5o 
7 
118 
32 
3 o * C hm NY 7.88 
7 223o 
44H 
25V. ChesVa 1.36 
7 
39 
31 
22"? ChesePn 
76 16 179 7 
26’ ? 
34'% Chessle 2.32 
7 
517 
41'? 
4'/. C h iM ilw Cp 
251 
7H 
8 * C h iM ilw pf 
19 
13H 
24+* Ch'PneuT 
2 17 
579 
3oH 
2 
C h k F u ll 
129 
3 H 
4"? C hris C ran 
8 134o 
7 ll" ? ChCft cvpt 
19 
1 8 * 
9 * Ch rom a I 
84 
7 
6o1 
15H 
S3 
Chrom a pf 5 
7 
68'? 
1o+% C hrysler 
3oe 6 825o 
21V* 
32"? ChurChk 
6ob l l 548 
35’% 
19'% CinBell 
I 6o 
9 
34 
23H 
17 
Cm nGE I 64 16 
622 
23’? 
43"? ClnG E pf 4 
5o 
CinG pf4 75 
97 
CinG pf9 3o 
76’ i CinG pf 7 44 
98 
CinG pt9 28 
99’-* CinG pf9 52 
18” . O n M i la I 4o 18 

Z24o 
Z98o 

27+k C itico rp 
96 12119o8 
34 
3 8 * Cl ties Sv 2 8o 
8 18 9 2 
59H 
I'/* CitzSR 
3oe 
277 
17* 
7 
City Inv .t 
66 
8 1964 
13'? 
IS 16 S 16 C lty ln v w t 
113 7 16 
26'/* 
IM ? City In p !B 2 
3o5 
2 5 * 
IO 
C ityh pf I T O . 
392 
H H 
2 5 * C la rk # 1.6oa 12 
796 
4 2 * 
9 eiarkO H 
.5o 8 
476 
IS H 
47 
Civ Cl iff I 8oa 12 
53 
71 
26'? C lv E I III 2.64 l l 
5o5 
34H 
7 7 * CIEHI pf7 4o 
Z 47o 
88'? 
78 
C IE III pf7,56 
*51oo 
91H 

U H 
46' ? 
153, 
7 3 * 
34H 
8 8 * 
91+% 
128 
13+/. 
1 4 * l l * 
1 3 * 
U H 
2 4 * 
1 9 * 
9 * 
9 5 * 
1 7 * 
14 
6 * 
3 1 * 
51’ ? 
1 5 * 
9'? 
34’ % 
25 
5 6 * 
29". 
79+'* 
31 
64 
67 
8'? 
2 8 * 
IU 
23 16 
22 
SO"? 
45 
24’% 
32H 
IO * io n 
22H 
23'? 
2 4 * 
28 
33 
1o2 
8 9 * 
I I+4 
2 2 * 
33"? 
3 8 * 
8+8 
13+. 
25+'. 
19+» 
2 o * 
2 6 * 
2 1 * 
7 3 * 
SI'? 
55 
2 7 * 
71"? 
28 
37 
US 
2 4 * 
46 
5o"? 
S I'? 
79 
82'? 
83 
82 
26H 
74'? 
92"? 
9H 
8 * 
1 3 * 
57"? 
62H 
34'? 
59 
17'% 
3 
4 o * 
1o9 
17H 
2 7 * 
48 
36". 
6 
42’ * ll'? 
1 6 * 
U H 
2o'% 
2SH 
53 
3H 
8o 
4 
17H 
3 7 * 
!»+% 
3»+« 
6 * 
» * 
46? 
ISH 
3 3 * 
88 
2 7 * 
49 
62 
2 3 * 
II ta n 
O I * 
» H 
IJ H 
IT H 
28 to n 
2SH 
J IH 

 a * 
U H l l * 
29? 
41 
41'» frO+. 
U H 
68 
38H 
2o is '? aa 
131 
34' ? 
2*'? 
U H 
4 5 * 
7 * 
7 * 
24H 
23 
2 5 * 
3 4 * 
IS 
ISH 

112"? ClevEI pf 12 z3oo 127 l l * Clevepk 
6o 
7 
277 
13 
IO * CloroxCo .52 IO 152o 
12+ 
645 

5 5563 
22o 
ITO 

7 H d u e t Pea 4o 
IO * CluettP p fl 
7+/* Coasts* Gas 
1 7 * CstSG p tl 83 
133/. CstSG pf I 19 
6"? Coca Btl 
4oa 13 3o25 
73+% CocaCof 2 65 17 1666 
8 * ColdwBk 
SO 
8 
159 
BH ColeNat 
6o 
6 
1o3 
7 * Coleco I bd 
16 
386 
23+% ColqPa! 
88 
14 4221 
4 6 * ColgP pf3 5o z2oo 
9 * Col fin A Ik 
64 
7 
415 
4+8 C olllnF 
o5e 
7 
662 
IB 
Col Penn 
7o 
9 
613 
» + • Colonist I 45 
8 
121 
2B‘ . Colt Ind 
2 5o 
7 
35o 
1 8 * Colt pf I 6o 
. 
8 
4 7 * Colt pf 4 25 
23 
72’ . ColGas 
2 14 
9 1o54 
5 6 * Col GS pf 5 67 
38 
5 4 * CoiGs pf 5 48 
4o 
4' ? Col urn 
Pie! 
3 4o33 
2 i'? Colson 
22o a 
57o 
WI 
CoSO pf IO 52 z23o 
9 16 C oiw e l M fg 
79 
1 2 * Combo Com 
9 
426 
32+, C om bEng 
2 TO 
352 
3o 
C m E pf 17o 
I 
13 
Com bEq lOr 13 681 
26'* C om w E 2.4o IO 1598 
BH C om E dA w t 
153 
B H C om E dB w t 
I 
37"? ComE p tl 42 
28 
2 o * Com E pf I 9o 
224 
2 1 * Com WE pf 2 
99 
25+% Com E pf2 37 
SO 
2 9 * ComE pf 2 87 
1 27 m 
Com E pf8.4o 
3o4 
77 
ComE pt7 24 
8 
6 H Com WO 
1342 
16H C om o p fl 72 
67 
2 3 * Comsat 
I 
7 
8o8 
1 8 * Com pgr 
TO 
9 
818 
4 
Com pot Sci l l 3395 
8"? Con A gr 
.75 
3 
131 
W H ConeM itls 
I 
5 
154 
12 
Congo'rn 
5o 
8 
459 
13' ? ConnM 
I 6o 
IS 
779 
1 9 * Conroe 
SOB 
8 
161 
15 
ConEd 
I 6o 
5 189o 
55' ? ConEd p f 6 
17 
39 i CnE pf C4 65 zlSO 
44 
ConEd pf 5 
12 
1 9 * COOF*. I 4o 
9 1929 
56' i Conf pf 4 5o 
81 
18'? ConFra t 
8o 9 
1o9 
24' ? Con NGS 2 SO TO 
55o 
IO O* CnG pf IO 96 
19 
Con so Pow 7 
7 
37 
CnPw pf4 16 
4o 
CnPw pf4 5o 
I 
4 4 * CnPw p f4 52 
63' i CnPw pf7 45 
I 
66 ? CnPw pf? 72 j 
66 
CnPw pf7 76 
67"? CnPw pf 7 68 
I 
25 
CnPw pf2,43 
6 o * CnPw ptS.SO 
75' ? Con Pow p f 6 
5'/* C o ntA ir t in 
U 
4 * Con'Cop 
5o l l * CtCop p tl 25 

7 o * + 
TSH— 

45'-* CUC pf A2 5o 
2 6 * C n tlG rp 
7 
35H Conli Cd 2 4o 
9 * C o ntllP I 28 
I * Cont ll R lty 
33 
Cont OII I 2o 

I 
SO'? 
I 
S I'? 
I 
79 
I 
82'? 
I 
83 

I 
S h 
I 
7 4 * i 92"? 
I 
TH 
I 
SH 
I l j * 
41H ContfCp 2 8o 19 1o36 
54H 
“ *■ ............... 
I 
59'? 
I 
34'? 
1 
I * 
I 
IT 
1 
J * * 
_ 
I 
38 
S I". C ontO 'lpf 
2 
6 TOI"? 
17'* Cont Tel 1o8 l l 2o92 
U H 
U H Control Oaf 
TO 1919 
76H 
4 o * CnDt p U SO 
Z358o 
4 7 * 
26H Conwd 
2 2o 
8 
66 MV* 
T i Cook Un 3ot 
5 
233 
4H 
29 
Cooper In 
84 l l 
383 4oH 
4 * Cooper 
Lab 2o 
16741 t i'? 
9 '. Coopt R 
7o 
4 
226 16H 
12 
Co p t pf I 25 
22 
U H 
TOV* Copei no 
68 IO 
TOI 19H 
17"? C o p p ra 
278 
2o* 
36H Coppw 2 4ob 
7 
29 
46 
I' ? Corpora Cp lOe 
156o 3' 
43+. CornG I.S2a IO 411 
71'? 
I '* Cousins 
M fg 
285 
2 
A * Cowles 
56 IS 
26 IJ H 
27' 1 Cox Bde! 
55 l l 
I U 33H 
IV * C raig 
3o 
4 
762 IS H 
2 3 * Crane 
1 2o 
5 
363 29'? 
3 * C re d itF 
24 l l 
229 
6V* 
J IH CrockN I U 
9 
519 28H 
35* 1 Crock N pf 3 
41 
46 
1o ? C rom pK 
8o 
8 
54 
14 
TOH CrouH i 
I 12x142 
3o’% 
51+* CroH pf3 35 x7 
8 1 * 
1 6 * Crown Cork 
7 
384 
21+* 
IS H CrwZel 
1 8o 11 
794 
4 5 * 
53 
C rnZ OUZO 
13o 
A1'? 
IJ H Culbro 
I 32 
8 
141 
7 3 * 
7 H C uliigan 
44 TO 
123 
TO’ * 
I9 H Cum m E ng I 2o 11625 4 1 * 
79 
Cum pf TSO 
Z858o 131' ? 
6' ? C unnD rg 25 
8 
32 
| H 
11 
C o rr inc i n 
U 
12H 
TO 
C u rtisW r 8o IO 
SIS 
U H 
23V. C u rtisW rA 2 
6 
7 7 * 
26H C uflerH I IO 
9 
219 
3 8 * 
ISH Cyclops I 3oa 
5 
125 24 
21"? C yprus 
I 4o 25 
36o 25H 

4 H OPP In t 
AH D am on 
2o 
7 
DanR iv 
48 
TOH Dana Cd 
92 
27"? P a rt Ind 8ob 
V s D a rtln d p f 
2 
STH D ata Gent 
TOH Dave© 
» o 
SO 
Dayc pf 4 25 

25 * 
7H 
M * 
IJ H 
42' 1 

TAH 
3 6 * 
U H 
17 

I k 

26' * DaytnHud 
17 
D a ytP L I u 
69 
DP CP’ 
7 48 
77'? D P Lpf 
I X 
IU '? D P L BIUSO 
29 
Deere 
I IO 
7?3» Dei Mon I SO 
1 2 * Del m aP I ID 
34' ? Del ta A ir 
TO 
9 
3+* D eltac In ll 
9 
3 * Deltona Cep 
19 
Danm sM lg la I 
IS * DennM t pf I 
Hi * D e nn is 
4* U 
27 1 Dan tsp! y 
8o U 
SH DeSofoln to 
9 
I 
13 
D e'E d'S I 45 IO 2149 
55 
O M E pf 5 5o 
7 
/SSO 
/UTO 
1588C 
IU 
5* 
I* 

I 2o 1o543 38H l l 
35t 
2o z2oo f i ' i 
I X 
88 
I X 129'? 
7 3261 
31+* 
7 
779 
28H 
9x3165 1 4 * 
9 UIS 
J9+, 

* 
4'* 
67 
24 
9 
J* 
146 
24 H 
133 
3o+» 
163 
1 4 * 

8 2 * D e li pf 9 17 
66 
D>‘t E pf 7 Al 
64 
DetE p f 7 45 
A* 
D etE pf 7 36 
IAH DetE pf 2 75 
JAH DeE pt BJ TS 
U * Dexter 
8o TO 
768 
4 * D G tor (J o5« TO 
686 
TOH D'G or p f 88 
/JIO 
9 
O a lF m l 
TC 
7 
M 
J3H D iam in t 
J 
9 
US 
U 
D ia m M I /It 
5 
198 
37 
D ia m V i I U 
9 U U 
24' ? D a pf D I 2o 
114 
6 * D ckAH 
2o 16 
2o7 iv * D ict apiin 64 U 
ITO 
IO* ? D e r a il 
44 TO 
355 
A 'rD 'Q 'ta lE q 
24 6oo* 

64' ? 
6 3 * 
98 • 
95 * 
• 6 * 
T I * 
T i 
76"* 

S h a 

 a 
, 
TH 
7 * 

4+» 
H i 
» /'/» - 
4 o * 
I 
+ 
I * * 
5‘? 
4 * 
4'» + 
4 o * 
39H 
39’ . 

I * 
V. 
’ >■ I 

TH 

 a * 
47H 
TOV, 
J H 

. 

I 
* 
IJ H 
ITH 
4 iH 

• f t 

H U 18+ I 14 
8 8 * 

I 
* 
U 
" 
13 
* 
45'/*—- 
» 
- 

* 

I i 

 l l ' 1 
TH D .il.n gm rn 
5 
275 
9 * 
9 " , 
9' * - - 
H 
TAH 
37 * 
2 2 * 
S h 
D iln g m p f J 
D illon 
I (Kb 
12 
9 
IU 
I 
* 
TO 
A3 
4 1'* 
D'+n#y 
Ub 
19 3435 
47H 
4 4 * 
45* * - 
2'% 
7 * 
I p .v e rx fd in 
144 
IH 
ITO 
I H + 
'* 
A H U U C 4 AT AO M fg 
I * 
ITO 
I * . 
* 
IJH l l 
Dr Peppy 
44 l f 
I4+* 
1 4 * 
IA H * 
TO 
AA 
S ' ? Durn C V BO . 
OonLu J 
IO# i f 
♦J 
44’% 
4 3 * 
43’% 
* 
AH 
T » 
I r n 
4' I 
4 
4 
— 
H 
TAH 
U H 
Donnelly 
Ai 
'? 
TX 
24H 
23 
23’ * 
’ » 
U '? l l * 
D orO liv 
JOe 
J r n 
U H 
IT 
I T * - 
ITO 
U H 
I 1* Dorxey 
AO 
5 
AS 
I I H io n 
I I H - 
H 
O '4 
U H poverC p BO ll 
JAB 
37+» 
JA . 
JA1 » - 
IU 
SAH 
N U 
CV he Ch 
I ' I 
7o3/ 
4 3 * 
4 1 * 
4 l‘ ?~ 
IH 
34 
26'* 
LIU w 3o)1 I 16 l f 
543 
34 
33 
34 
+ 
H 
TA n u 
Drave 
9$ 
8 
TI 
73H 
TTH 
2 3 * + 
"* 
Al 
W a Dr ew er 
OO 
IO 2A87 
4 2 * 
AO 
4o'?— 
Le 
18+4 
16 
DHX Bd 1.44 
T i 
I I H 
ITH 
I t f 
H 
9' , 
A' * Drey to , 
Me 
7 iSt 
I * 
OH 
.!+ •+ 
TO 
IA I* 
1 11 * do Porn 
N a duRm p fJ IO 
U 
1o78 ’ i f u K i i * * - 
2H 
52 
4 4 * 
*28 
ST 
5o+. s i 
+ 
H 
661 . 
X duP nt pf 4 5o 
*29 
A A * 
CSH 
M 
— 
TO 
U H 
IAH D ukaP 
I AO 
9 2981 
IT 
J IH 
21*% 
H 
’ I i i 
D uke pf A W 
91+4 
9o 
BITO - 
H 
IO T* 
Bt 
Duke p i I » 
IT H o IOC I 
IOO 
1oJTO + 
T i 
99 
T 9 * 
Duke pf 8 +o 
229 
99 
♦7 
Bt 
4 
TO 
93' 1 
TS1? D uke p f 7 MO 
U t 
♦ j'? 
21 
« * + 
1+* 
3 1 * 
U H 
Duke pf 2-4* 
BO 
I T ’* 
JO'? 
3o'% — 
TO 
U + * u n 
Dun fir.J I o6 
D u q i 1 
I U 
IT la w 
JO'? 
TTH 
M ’-%- 
H 
IO U 
ITH 
♦ 
BOB 
JO*. 
SOH 
» ? • 
T i * 
2J 
D o 2 lo t2 1o 
(21o n u 
MTO 
U H * 
I * 

Y early 
S ale, 
H e! itg h Lew 
P E 
(h d ,.| 
H igh lo w I o u Chg 

24 
19 Dq X T p tl* / 
Z5o3o 23H 
22'? 2 2 * 
X * 
TI ? 
D u q L ttp t 
2 
/TIO 24 * 
24 
2 4 '* - 
* 
26 
2 1 * 
Dq + lp f 7 o5 
Z9o 26 
26 
26 
2 6 * 
2 2 * 
Da 4. lp f j o7 
Z651o 2 6 * 
24'2 
2 4 * 
28'+ 
3 Dq 4 S it I TO 
/JOO 26 
25'2 26 
+ 
I 
2 
/ 
2 1 ' 
D vq L pf2.31 
Z662o 2 7 '. 
26' ? 
2 7 * + 
’% 
3o . 
26+5 
DuqL pf2 75 z6*oo 3 o * 
29H 3 o * + 
* 
8 9 * 
78 Duqn pf 7 JO zl6o 89 
88 
8 8 * * - 
1H l l 
D ym oin 
4* 
7 212 IO * 
IO * 
1oH + H 
1 9 * 
1 3 * 
E G 81G 
18 15 
866 1 8 * 
17 
18 
+ 1 
U H 
TO E L T 
.U 
13 
97 U+* 
1 2 * 
1 2+ *- 
* 
SH 
2 * E M IL t 19e 
12 17v 
4 
3H 
3’%-" 
* 
VO, 
2 !’ » 
ESyst 
16ob IO 
437 SO 
47 
4 9 * + 2H iS ,’’ 
2 1 ' 
| a(3|e P 1 16 
9 
77 39H 
3 9 * 
3 9 * + 
* 
2 2 * 
IAH 
EascoCp 
75 8 
85 21H 
21’% 
21’k— 
V* l l * 
4 * E a s tA ir 
Lin 7o 2743 
9 H 
SH 
9 * + *8 
2 8 '. 
2 2 * 
East GSF 
8o 9 199o 26H 
25 * 
25H— I * 
1 8* 
14 >e 
E astU tl 1 5o 8 248 18+, 
18 
18'»— 
* 
I2oH 
8 1 * 
E asK d 16oa 71 4699 BAH 8 2 * 
84 
— 2 
44 ;H 
29 + 
Eaton 
2 9 5oo 
44'% 
47 
42+/*- 1'% 
28'% 
71 
E chlin 
48 13x39 2 
27 H 
25+* 
2 5 + *- 2 * 
3o 
2 1 * 
E ck rd J k .48 16 
861 29 * 27 * 
27H — I * 
17 
12"? 
E ckrdN C .24 IO 643 1 7 
15"? 
1 6 * + 
H 
6 o * 
4 5 * 
E disB ro 2.2o 9 
28 6oH 
59H 
6 o * + 
+, 
2 o * 
9V* E dw rds 
5o 4 
45 U H 
U H 
U H * 
'% 
15’, 
11+* 
EiPaso VTO 7 1198 15 
U H 
U H 
J ! * 
IlS S 1 Assoc„ s9e 
3V* 
2H 
3'%+ "? 
18"; 
U H 
EDS 
6o 16 163 TOH 
17"? 
17’ ? - * 
4 * 
I * El Mem 
Mg 
4 9 U 
4 * 
3 * 
4 * + * 
IO * 
5 
E IM M p flk 
39 IO"* 
9H 
1 o * + * 
2 5 * 
IS H 
E lg ln N a t 
I 1ox647 25H 2 3 * 
24H + 
+* 
8’ % 
4 * E lix ir Ind 
9 1729 
SH 
TH 
8 H + 
H 
3 1 * 
24’ i 
E ttraC p I TO 9 
2o3 31H 
3 o * 31’ * + 
H 
41 ? 
1 3 * 
E m erE I 
I 17 2671 36 
34"* 
34' ? 
5o' ? 
31+« 
E m e ry 
I 2o 2o 334 38 H 
34 * 
3 6 + *- 
* 
’ 5 
-8 4 i ' ” e ry ln 
44 l l 
99 12"? 
12 
12"?+ 
H 
3 7 
2 6 * 
E m h a rl 
’ .8o 6 465 36+% 
32H 33"?— TH 
+ 8 * 
3 4 * E m h a rl pf 
8 48 
44 
4 4 — 4* 
6 * 
4 * Em 4 7pf 
47 z32o 
5+* 
S'? 
SH 
6 * 
5 
E m D Spf 
.5o /UGO 
6 
5 * 
5 * — 
* 
TO* 
9 H Em pO is pf 92 
Z15oo IO * 
TO* 
IO * 
J !, i ! g m PGas 
2o 
9 725 19 
TO* 
18’%+ * 
3 7 * 
2 2 * 
E nglhdM 1 2o 8 637 3 4 * 33"? 
3 4 * + 
+* 
8 
5 * E nnisB 
.32 
6 144 
6+* 
6'% 
6 * + 
* 
3°;® ,32H Enserch 1*2 IO 124o 
3o+% 
29"? 
3o *+ 
H 
IU "? 1o5* Ens p f IO 32 z 438o IU "? U2+* 1 U "? + 2 
21+* Entex 
I JCI 
IO 
U H E n vrte c 3oe l l 
21". E quifax 
2a IO 
9 * E q u im rk 
88 
8 
29",- E quitG s 2 84 
8 
17+* E q u tL f 2.o9e 13 
JO * E sm a rk I 76 a m o 
E s q u ire 
24 ■ 
57% E ste rline 
36 
8x184 
29"? E th yl 
I 6o 
6 
324 
» " * E th yl pf? 4o 
143 
5 
E vansP d 4o 
9 2529 
14 
E vanP d pf 1.4o 
1 4 * Ex Celt) I 25 
9 
18 
E xclsr I 76e 
37 
4 7 * Exxon I 4oi 
8 6274 
19'? FM C 
I U 1278 
3 1 * FM C pt2.25 l l 
S'? Fabrge 
4o 
9 478 
6 * FabrTClr 
12 
6 
137 
5 
Facet E n trp 12 
2oo 
36*% FairC a m .8o 24 4418 
6 * F a lrln d 
.3o TO 
672 
1 2 * F a lrm tp f 
I l l 
5 * FarW st Fnl 
8 
94 
5 
Farah M fg 
. 
352 
4 
Fodders Cp 
787 
22' + FodrlCo I 6o 
5 
77 
1 2 * FdM ogl I 2oa 
7 418 
1 3 * FedN M t 
88 
6 3o12 
16' ? FedPaBd 9o 5 
632 
16"? FP ap p fl 2o 
253 

29’% 
3 4 * 
7 9 * 
12’% 
38V? 
26H 
35 H 
IO 
8 * 
45 
5 8 * 
U H 
286414* 
425 
26 

I 46 14x1748 49". 

64 
73'% 
9 
38 
3o 
6 
38o 
U H 
7 
242 
14 
15x19o1 19H 
8 
114 
16+* 

IO". FSignl 
42 
Fed DSI 
21H Fe rro 
8 * Fibrebd Cp 
312 
3 * F dF in 
2oe 
7 
227 
26 
Fidel Un 2 4o 
8 
1 22 
15 
Fielder M il la 
6 154 
7 
FU trot Cp 
5 
I U 
9 H FinSanB 
48 
5 
231 
9 * FinlFeO 
.5o 
6 
466 
21'/* F irestn 
I IO 13 2427 
12". FstC har sot 
7 151o 
TO* F st Chic 
96 
8 1369 
32 
FfB nTex 
I TO 
228 
3 6 * Psf In Bn 1.2o 12 
4o8 
8 * FstMiSS 
36 l l 2697 
2 2 * FSIN Bo I 88 
9 
611 
2o+, FstNStBn 
2 
9 
7o 
14 
Fst Pa 
I 32 53 1o82 
I'? FstPa M fg 
94 
9 H FstU nR l 
I 
14 
133 
4’% F stV aB k 
45 l l 
25o 
IT H FW isCp 1.76 
8 
2 3 * FischM ITO 
9 
8 H FishFds 
4o 
6 
9 H F.shrSci 
28 
7 
U 
Fie e tE n t 
13V* Flem ing 
8 '* F lexiV an 
2o TO 1337 
TO 
F lln tk o t I TO IO 
478 
SOH FHO p f A4 SO 
Z47o 
25 
Fun pfB 2 25 
14 
16+* FlaE 
Coast 
15 
55 
1 3 * FlaG as 
I 
8 
189 
SOH F U P w L I 56 TO 2o58 
25'% F U Pow 2 28 
9 
552 
19'? FU SII 
I 2o 12 
49 
3o 
F lu o r Cp 
I IO 
565 
72H F lu o rp fB 
3 
14 
4'% F d F a lr 
2o 13 
585 
IO". FooteCB 
I 
7 
82 
4 3 * F o rd M 
3,2o 
6 33o5 
13"? For MCK 
I 
7 
345 
22H F M K pf I SO 
24 
1 3 * FtD ear 
I 24 
243 
2 8 * F tH o w P 
64 17 
914 
2 1 * FosWh I 1oa 
8 
573 
27' ? Foxboro 
I TO 
133 
23V. F m k in M 
7o TO 
876 
21’? FreepM I 6o U 
264 
TH F rig frn c lOe 251526 
18+* F ruehf 
1 8o 
7 
441 
4"? Fuou a lnd 
o8e 
939 

G — H — I 

W H G AF Cp 
6o 7 
SAJ 
ISH G A F p f 
I 2o 
1o3 
25'% G A T X 
I IO 12 
325 
36H G ATX pf7 5o 
2 
4 
GCA Corp 
28 
712 
4'/? GF Bush 
32 82 
58 
4 H Gable Ina 
97 
71+, G am Sk 
1 4o 
5 
HO 
19+. G am s pf I AO 
9 
2 o * G am s B tl 75 
I 
32'/* G annett 
I 19 
712 
A * G apStrs 
15e 
9 
*57 
TO1. G ardD en 
>5 TO 2o3o 
1 3 * G a rtin k I o4 
7 
86 
U'% GasSvc 
I 2o t i 
147 
4’ • G atew ay In 
4 
65 
HI 
G earhrt 
9 l l 
566 
9 H G em ini Cap 
137 
12+* Gem In I 2oa 
66 
9 ". G A Inv I ate 
352 
351 * G nAm O lb TO 
353 
8 * Gen Banc 
8o 14 
44 
9V? G nCable 
7? IO U U 
17 
G Cinm a 
68 
9 
254 
3+* Gen Develpt a 
239 
37". Gen D ynam 
6 
857 
46 
G enE I 
I OO 14 7o14 
52'% G enEt WI 
. 1 4 5 
2 6 * G nFood I SO 
8 4464 
IS H G nGth I Me 19 
61 
8 * Gen Host 
6o 
128 
I * G enlnst 
TTI IS UTO 
TTH G n ln s tr p!3 
28 
1JV? Gen Mea 
JO l l 
249 
2 6 * G en M ills 
76 U x U U 
57H Or M ot 5 55e 
8 85o8 
4 9 * G M ot pf J TS 
. 
14 
AS 
GnAAotSpf 5 
19 
5 
Gen P ort inc 14 
TTO 
TOH GPUCp I 68 TO UTO 
AH Gen Ref r 
4o 
8 
1o7 
J * * GnS<gnl 1o4 U 
426 
J * Gen Steel 
S H GT el El 
J 
31V* GTI El pf 2 SO 
26"? G TIE l pf 2 48 
14 
S T F ! pf I 25 
U * GT FI pf I )o 
87 
C T B I pl 8 TO 
TO 
G T ire 
I 1ob 
A 
4 H Geneseo inc 
8 
TOH G ensU r I 4o 
5 
33+* G enuPts 
76 TO 
JO 
G a P a rii bo i i 
26H G aP w p l 2 52 
26 
Ga Pw p l 2 75 
If) 
G aP w PIT 8o 
6 8 * G aP w p l/ 7? 
19"? G erber 
1 JO 
I 
152 
G ettyO 7 5oa 14 
TO* G H IO p l I S 
BH G antPC 
6o 
9 
68 
7'% G ibr Fin 
4 
784 
SH O'Od Lew 
4o l l 
315 
9»% G 'tfd H ill 
64 
7 
379 
2 4 * G ille tte 
I SO TO 1197 
TH G (nos In t 
7 
6o3 
Av* G ieasW 
I U 
63 
4 '? G lobal 
M ar 
JTA 
TOH Globe Un 
I 
7 
164 l l ' ? G oidW i Fin 
5 
V46 
IJ H GolOW p l 78 
811 
15 
Gooorh 
I I} 44o 653 
IT 
G drch pf I IS 
/TOO 
3 o * G oedyr 
I IO 17 343$ 
9 H Got Jw 'A 
4o 
6 
191 
22 
G ould 
I TO U9J 
• 9 * G ould p fl 35 
AO 
2 4 * G race 
I JO 
TO W T 
2 4 * O ’ ar ria et 
36 17 
2o8 
IJ H G ranoU n 
I 
4 
26 
1 7* G ra o itv l 
9o 
5 
ITO 
1 3 * G ray D ry 
IO 
5 
95 
IO' ? Gt A ll Pac 
2o 6O59 
TOH G ILLO I 2oa 
5 
797 
U * G tN o lr I SOe 1$ 
119 
27*? G tNoN k ITO 
8 
567 
IJ H G tW nFln 5o 
9 2547 
TO 1 C t West Unit 
6 
1o/ 
IAH G 'W n p tl 88 
TI 
TO* Cf G am I OI 22 
IU 
2 3 * O’ Of p tl 76 
8 
TO 
G reyh 
I o4a 
I 1545 
1H G reyhnd w l 
396 
1*% Grot (ar inc 
419 
U 
C r urn rn 
8o 
4 
US 
9 H C uero In 
JO I 
13o 
I 
G uars M ig 
783 
V . G ultW stn AO 
4 3223 
J * G II W ind w t 
915 
67 
G 'fW pf5 75 
. l f 
74 
GUW pf 3 87 
. 
8 
34 
CHW p f j SO 
2o5 
7 * G ltL IH Id 
AO 
8 
I U 
I " . G v ltM ig RH 
93 
JOH G u llO 'i 
I 8o 
7 SAJ* 
IJ H G uitR trsrc 
I 
I 
919 
TO". OHR PIA 
2o 
U 
TO 
GIW pf B l JC 

A 
253 
TO 4o47 

I#’ . GUR PIC I AO 
IIH G HSlUt I TO 
G ifSU pf4,4o 
SS 
GUSU pf5o8 
J 1 GUI tor 1 Ind 
3 
N M A In© 
2 7 * Hack W 
2 1o 
U H H a llF B 
U 

235 1 * 6 * 191'* 
24 l l 
U '? 
U 
IO ', 
* H 
78* 
IO '« 
VH 
315 
9 '? 
* 
■ ■ l f 
U H 
28 * 
26 < * 
9 * 
*'% ll'? 
TOH 
I * 
7 * 
25' / 
74H 
TOH l l 
I* 
TO* 
27 
2 5 * 
9o l l 
J IH 
TTH 
U 
I I H 
JO * 
7 8 * 
» '? 
TBH 
JO 
2 1', 
JO * 
2 9 * 
IA H 
TO 
IS 
U H 
U H 
U V* 
U H 
12<? 
2 3 * 
72H 
TOH 
IAH 
J2>* 
JO 
34 
22 
TOH 
1 9 * l l ’ * l l ' ? 
I I H iiv * 
27"? ■ 
1 5 * 
2 • 
I * 
TO * 
1 6 * 
I * 

1+1 
7 *’ . 
87 
4o V* l l * 

2 l ‘ 
U H 
2 4 * 
2 1 * 
U H l l % 
58 
4 7 * 

1H 

U H H a llP rt 

 ll lift 
S'? 
I 
5 
U 
494 
21'? 
* 
34 
J IH 
H a ilib rtn 
56a 12 3 75o 64’% 
TO* H a m rlP I JO 
7 
45o 
2S+* 
J+* Hammond 
* 
AA 
7' ? 
ISH Hen J Se.- 
I 47a 
139 
TO* 
TO* Man Jin x I Me 
UA 
73 
3 H Hanoi in n 
2o l l 
225 
| 
W H H a ndyH ar BO 
7 124 
JOH 
U H H<«v*sCp I 36 
4 JIT 
4 7 * 
ASH Hanna 
I JO 
* 
114 
54' 1 
21'% Mar Dr J 132 
I 
IM S '? 
AH Hardees i 
SAS 
IG 
U H H erm an 
3ob 8 /SSO 
J I * 
U 
M arnishf 
IO 
4 
411 
U "« 
U 
H a rr al, 
3oa 
9x274 
IA H 
J IH H e rr Bx ISO 
I 
29o 
3 9 * 
2 6 * H a rris 
IJ 
T il 
JAH 
TOH H erv o 14ob 
7 
154 
16", 
| H H a rtjM x 77 TO 
589 
U H 
1 7 * M artaM k 
AO 13 
Al 
2 9 * 
ISH H afts# 1 44a 74 
68 l l 
2o 
H a w n E l 111 
* 
97 
2 4 * 
U * . Hayes Alb 1b 
4 
74 l l * 
J * H azelim a 
5 
728 
IO 
6+* Hecks 
I? 
A 
SOO 
* H 
TOH M eclaM sot 
3*7 
12 
9 
Hentn br 
6oa 
A 288 
U H 
M * H em iM J I OB 
TO/271 
34 
X 2 H e m i p tl TO 
JIO 
J *'? 
5 
He!ane C url 
7 t j l 
4 * ll* 1 H e lle r Int 
« 
9 U U 
SSS. 
3 o * H «im w P AO I! 
)* / 
I '* H em isp Cap 
77 
AH Hem Inc .6At 
18 
24 
H ercules 
I U I t IO 
W '? H ershyF I 17 7 
454 
TH Hesslon 
S36 
TO1 J Matin pf I AO 
*4 
38+x Hey pl kl I 32 l l U M rn 
H e w ltP k 
IO 24 
849 
4' 2 HghYoil OM TO 
IS* 
IT"? H "tenbd 
TO 
9 
JI 
H itlg n H II 
92 ll 
19 h H obart 
U H HoernW 
J * HoffEie 
W H H oi Wax 

I t 

 r 

"Frankly. F.msworth your humhte optnxm neither hum life nor much o f u t optnxJO." 

Y early 
High lo w 
Sales 
P-E 
(bds t 
H igh la w 
Mel la s ! Chg 

HoovBB L U 
Horizon Cp 
HospAff 
32 

HudsnA 
8o 
HudsnB 
8o 
H ughH at 
4o 
Hugh STI 
5o 
Hum ana 
4o 
H u ntO i 
34 
H u tfn E F .6o 
H uyck 
6o 
H yd ro m l 
52 
ICInds 
I 4o 
IC. Ind pf 3 5o 
ICInds pf 6 
ICN P harm iN A C p 
2 IO 
IN A ln 
159a 
ITTSvc pf 4 
IU Intl 
9o 
IU im a lU ln t pf I 25 

12* In d lN a t 12o 
6 * Inexco Oil 
ABH IngerR 
2 AB 
44 v* IngR pl 7 35 
24 m ind con 
I 
41 
InlndS tl 2 AO 
7+* Inm ont 
AO 
8’ . Insilco 
8oe 
173* In si I p lA l 25 
2 o * In sp Cop 
5oe 
I 
In s til InvT r 
7 
Integon 
36 
3BH in terco 
I 66 
3’% tm e rc tl Dlv 
25+* In te rla k 2 3o 
223+% IB M 
9 
19 
In tF la v F 
44 
22+% In lH a rv I 85 
32+. IntM inC 2 4o 
45 
In lM in r p it 
6 * IntM n g 
4oe 
1 5 * In tM u ltl 
85 
57H In I Paper 
2 
53, In tR e c lll 
2o 
22". In tT T 
I 76 
4* 
IntT T pfM 4 
47"? tn lT T p l j 
4 
41"* IntT T p fK 4 
47 
In tT T pfO 5 
TTH ITT pfN 7 25 
45+, IT T p tl 4 5o 
2 3 ', Inlrp ce 
1.45 
64 
In lrp c e p f 
5 
16’ % Intrp G p I 6o 
W H In lrs B rd 
St 
U ’% In trs P w I 45 
24 
In lrP w p l2 21 
4 * In trstU n 
24 19 
W H 
1 3 * 
1 7 * 
24". 
21’% 
U H 
3’u 
• H 
SH 

43o 
Iowa B l 
3 
427 lOWdE' 
I 4o 
9 
193 iow a MG I 72 IO 
195 lOW lll pl2 31 
Z26oo lo w a P w L I 
2 1o 
Iowa PS I 8o l l 
IpcoHosp OS# IO 721 
I lek Corp 
32 
562 
ItetC orp 
3o 
I 2832 

41 
74 
22'? 
Ta 
+ 
I * 
3 
247 
31H 
3 o * 
31'% + 
TO 
19 
44o 
3 7 * 
J t’t 
SAH — 
+% 
IO 2o56 
4 9 * 
4 6 H - 
ITO 
7 
TI 
23 H 
22'% 
22’ % - 
TO 
291 
2'% 
ITO 
2 
7 
86 
UTO 
U H 
15’% 
IO 13o4 
76 
25 
26 
54* 7+6 
U H 
1oTO 
1o’,% - 
* 
A 
171 
U H 
17 
17'*— 
* 
12 
TTH 
2 6 * 
27 H + 
TO t 
112 
ITH 
IA H 
1 7 * + 
H t 
379 
9 H 
SH 
9'% + 
* 
7 2137 
21H 
2oTO 
21 '/*— 
* 
7 
4 7 * 
46 
47 
— I 
1o8 
38 H 
38 
38 
- 
+* 
8 JIM 
32+, 
31'% 
3 2 * + 
TO 
12 1428 
34’% 
32H 
33+%— 
* 
9x121o 
12'? 
UTO 
UTO— 
TO 
12 
142 
UTO 
15’ % 
1 6 * + 
I 
67 
IO 
18+* 
I T * 
18+,+ 
I 
66 
4 
18' ? 
I T * 
18'? + 
H 
6 
IO 
7'% 
7 
7'% + 
TO 
13 2735 
*o’ % 
3 7 * 
37 H - iv , ll 
4o4 
UTO 
17'% 
18'% + 
I 
14 
354 
13’ ? 
UTO 
1 3 '* - 
'% 
5 
362 
I T * 
UTO 
16’% 
H 
15 
619 
U H 
13". 
14'/*+ 
* 
5x161 
U H l l * 
12' a. 
7 
793 
2 3 * 
2 2 * 
2 2 * 
81 
45 
44 
45 
+ 
I 
17 1o3 
IOO’ 1 1o2 
+ 
2 
7 2388 
STO 
AH 
5 
4 
TO 
15 l u r 
47+% 
45"? 
ASH 
I * x157 
19+. 
1 8 * 
19'? + 
TO 
I 
8o 
8o 
8o 
- 
' * l l 
1845 
12 V* 
I I H 
U H L 
VA 
36 
34 
33'% 
34 
+ 
* 
7 
UTO 
ISH 
19’% + 
IV* l l 
388 
3 1 * 
29 TO 
3o+.+ 
TO 
9 
7oo 
23’% 
2 2 * 
2 2 " * - 
* 
15 
99 
97 
97 
+ 
TO 
5 
2o2 
SH 
7TO 
TTO- 
H 
1ox919 
TTH 
TA* 
26+%- 
TO 
(15o 
TA 
25'? 
25'? . 
V21oo 27+% 
7 6 * 
2 7 * + 
2+* 
(IOO 
26 
26 
26 
- 
I y6oo 
28"? 
28+% 
78TO + 
H xlo8 
52"? 
5o". 
5 1 * + 
2 x I IO 
49+. 
48 
4 9 * 4 
3+* x3o8 
54+. 
53'? 
54 
* 
TO 
16 
157 
78 
2 7 * 
J7TO + 
'* 
6 1544 
UTO 
15H 
1 5 V - 
H 
14 172o 
33H 
32’ % 
32’ % + 
TO 
143 
7H 
TH 
7"? + 
TO x87 
IO * 
9 * 
9+* + 
* 
(8oo 
SI 
78'? 
81 
4 
TO 
(23oo 
88'% 
85 
85 
- 
* 
(76o 
96 
94"? 
96 
+ 
3 
(86o 119 
117? 
118'? 
9 
81 
28 H 
TAH 
28 
4 
I * 
IO 
394 
24"? 
2 3 * 
23 TO- 
H 
9 
169 
UTO 
UTO 
17 
4 
* 
19 17o2 
UTO 
UTO 
13H+ 
* 
12 1712 
TA 
71+. 
IT 
- 
4 H 
2.32 
SO". 
47’ ? 
4 7 * — 2"? 
7 
53 
29 
27’ ? 
27' a— 
ITO 
11 
738 
52’ . 
SOH 
5 1 * 4 
TO 
6 
739 
1 4 * 
UTO 
14'? 
8xeM 
IS 
U H 
14"? x 14 
1 8 * 
18 
18'%+ 
TO 
SI 
27'? 
2 6 * 
2 7 * + 
* 
88 
ITO 
I * 
I +*— 
TO 
7 
14o 
9 H 
9 
9 ', 
9 
237 
46 
44 
4 $ * - 
TO 
18 
ATO 
5TO 
5TO— 
'% 
6 
1o1 
38'? 
37H 
3 8 * 4 
TO 
18 JA57 28o'? 271H TTT 
- 
T'% a 
1287 
22'? 
» ’% 
21'/*— 
TO 
5 22o7 
33'% 
3 1 * 
3 2 * - 
* 
6 1427 
4o H 
39 TO 
4 o "? - 
TO 
I 
4 8 * 
4 8 * 
4 8 *4 
* 
6 
719 
1 4 * 
14 
1 4 * 
7 
22o 
U H 
19 
1 9 * + 
TO 
IO 29o5 
69+% 
M 
M '? — «+% 
46 
ATO 
STO 
6 
9 6785 
UTO 
33'% 
J3+. - 
TO 
323 
ATH 
62"? 
6 2 * - 
TO 
31 
58 TO 
57'? 
5 7 '? - 
I"? 
SU 
5AH 
SATO 
56+%- 
TO 
• 38 
MTO 
6 2 * 
M * + 
ITO 
199 
4o *x 
4o 
4o'?+ 
TO 
N J 
A l* 
AO* 
6 1 * 4 
TO 
7 
ISI 
3o"? 
29+* 
3 o * l l 
UTO 
8o 
BO 
— ITO 
7 
84 
JI 
JO * 
3o' 1— 
TO 
8 
49 
I5+* 
15H 
1 5 * 
IO 
293 
17'% 
16’% 
17 
4 
TO 
B 
(9oo 26 
25"? 
TS * - 
TO 
5J% 
5 
21+* 
JOH 
I T * 
1 6 * 
2 1 * 
» '? 
27'? 
TI 
1ox12325+, 24’% 
252 
71+* 
JOH 
6'% 
5 H 
IT 
15H 
15 
12’? 

.J— K — L 
12". Jam esF 
8o l l 
2*7 
JI 
U H 
Jantzen 
IO 
6 
SO U H 
T i 
JapanF 
Ole 
3/4 IO * 
24H Jeff P ilot 
8o l l 
SIV 
3 2 * 
36 ierCen p l 
4 y23o 45'? 
82 
JerCe p f* 36 y22o 1o2 
71'? JerCe p!8 17 y17o 91'? 
72 
JerCen pl 
8 
* 272 9 1 * 
H O ', 
JeC p f USO y73o 13o 
IOO'? 
Jar Cen pl l l y 4oo HO 
19'-4 
JewetC 
I 3o 8 
42/ 24 
3 H J e w e lc o r 
9 
211 
4+» 
23 
Jim Man 14o 1o 3587 
3 3 * 
71"? Johnson Zn I 22 17o/ 
78'% 
U H JohnsEF 
BO 
5 
978 
17 
U H JohnCon I 2o 9 
294 
7 7 * 
26+* 
JhnCont p t j 
4 5o 
« "? JonLogn 
SO 
5 
393 
1 5 * 
51 
Jon La up! 
5 
14o 
SS 
27H Joroen 
2 
6 
ITO 
44"? 
16 
Jostens 
8o TO 
226 
TOH 
3 2 * JoyM tg I JO 12 
924 
47 
I"? Justice M fg 
75 
TH 
29 
K L M A irlin 
5 
79 
39'? 
7 7 * Kaisr Al I JO U 1o43 
3 7 * 
5 o * K a 'A p t 412 .. 
I 
62 
57 
Ka< 57pl4 75 .. 
2 
T I'? 
» '? Ka! 66pl* TS 
2 
72 
5 H KalsCem 
5o 31x42o 
TO 
U H Ka!Ce pf I 37 xS6 
16'? 
24 
KaiCe pf 2 SO 
*52 
29+. 
9 * Kane M il 24 
4 
159 
IO ". 
1 9 * Kaneb 
I 
V 
29 7 
28'? 
25 
K C tyP L 2 36 
* 
18o 
IO 
49 
KCPL pt4 JO 
ZAGO 
S6 
IS 
KCSouln lr 
A 
*3 
2 9 * 
9 H KCSou pf I 
(34o 
12 
TO 
K enG E I I 76 
I i n 
21H 
U H KanNb 
' OB 9 1267 
27". 
TO 
K a n P L t I AO 
I 
33o 
2 o ', 
25' > K aPL pf2 12 
. 
U 
IS H 
3 
K a ty ind 
. 3 1 3 
8 l l * K ty pfB I 46 
17* 
7 1 * 
A' I K au' Br (1 o7' 25 164/ 
8+< 
14* K alif p tl 5o 
J l l '? 
7 * K aweek 1 B rl 16 
28 
ISH 
4H KueneCp 
» 
8 
423 
U H 
SH K e lle r 
W 
8 
UA 
1oH 
TO 
Kellogg I IO 16 
628 
27H 
IT 
Kenwood 
IO 
A 
AO 
IS H 
2 o * K ennm tl 
96 12 
J* 
28 
2 5 * Kremet 
TOe 31 1676 
78 
2o 
K y U tll 
1 84 
8 
374 
23'* 
13 
K errG iS 
4o 
5 
465 
16+* 
AO’ , K err Mc I 25 14 1698 
TO 
1 6 * Keys*Con la 
A 
SI 
J IH 
TO* KiddeW I 2o 
A 
5o7 
28’% 
4o 
K U pf A? W 
. 
41 
K iddepfB 
4 
43 
K iddeptC 
4 
3 6 * K lm bC l I 8o 
8 
8 * k in g e s t 
6o 
8 
U s . K rsch Co 9o I? 
3 8 * K h ig lR d h 12 
8'% K oehrlng 
Kk 
7 
28 
Koeh pf 2 75 
3o 
Koppers 
OO 
5o 
K op p rpl 
4 
J * K o ra rrp Ind 
4oH K ra ft 
2 12 
J I * KrexgeS 
» 
IO 
K 1 Denier M f 
U H Kroger 
I 44 
T I'« k pool a 
I o6 
4 ? Kysor 
AO 
J * L r E Cp 
4 H l f ! p f so 
TO 
L T V Corp l / » L IV A 
3M 
42' ? I TV CP p l 
S 
U r I ac Gas I 66 
L a m ia s f t * I am -B rv 
8o 
I 
8' 1 la w frC h 
34 I* 

7 1 - 2 
»o'?+ I 

71 
54 
33 
Si 
SAO 
4 
277 
I 
V II t 
243 
31 
1317 t 
47 
$ 
9 1oo8 
J. 
/T ic 
5 
4 
IO* 
* 
783 
4 
1912796 
« 
IS 
43 
I 
8 
297 
I 

 f t i t i 
19 
166 
I 
: 
6 1396 
I 
I 
’ 

IO n j 
£ 
17 
I am Sex I TO IT 
IQS 
1< 
21* 
I; 
122 
I 
6 » Lear Sr eg 
SO 
7 IIM 
I 
O H Lea r5 p l? » 
55 ll 
& ’ % Leasw y I TOb 
* 
Al 
X 
TOH I eedsN 
6ob l l 
SU 
7; 
17 
Leesona 
TS 
S 
74 ll 
TO* I eh PC! 
I 
12 
TOA 
Ii 
H t eh Val 
Ind 
235 
TO"* I V U p t l SO .. 
J I ; 
IO' 1 I r+imn 
.94# 
859 
!' 
4<? Lennar Crp 
73 
1 la 
Lenox 
I IO 
19o 
Z 
AH LesFay 
4ob 
A 
6o 
AH L evF d Cup irs 
I: 
17 
L e v F tn 
« a 
« « 
Ii 
TO* L e v .S ir# 
TO 
7 15o8 
21 
4 
L e v in Turn 22 U U 
1 
U H LD F 
1 8oa 
8 
591 
I! 
SS* I OF p* 4 75 
JO 
7 
9 '? I .b rl* CP » 
4 
IM 
V 
I'? L 'b r ty Loan .. 
7f 
; 
JH lib r ty L n p f 
19 
29 j L g giG p 2 5o 
8 
325 
X 
17 
L.ggtG p p it . 
IM O i 
43 
L iM y E li I 3o U 7499 
41 
74 
Liny N a i 
I AO UxS88 
J. 
48 
L .ne N ip ! 
J 
9 
7; 
ISH Line Pi 
1 72 
47 
I' 
I' 1 I o n e l Corp 
9 
198 
OH I hon in 
M i U 1731 
I 
* 
I tfnp tc pie 
IS 
21 
77 
L h n c y p f 
J 
J 
J 
1 6 * I.h o n pf BJ 
JI 
7 
AH L o c h o Aire 
J 1296 
M ? Loc t it * l j 
IS 
332 

11 t o m a F in ' I 
A 

IO * 
I * 1? 

. 
^ H l l * to m M ta * IT 
37o 
IS * 
U 
LoneS ilnd I TO 1o376 7 2 * 
SR 
L a n a i p f* SO 
I OS 
IS H L na U L I 
I SA 8 
USI l l ’? 
42 
L iL p l 
4 35 
(IOC s i 
TO 
I lLp« 
5 75 . 
A IS 

H 
- a i E r i ? o ? « t i 

 n * 

L i t p tN 
O 
^ 
TAH U L PJO 2 47 
7| 
IT H Long D ry 
Ile TI 184 
I ’ ? L otAlCp 
AO 
I 
756 n 

LaL and I JO l l 1419 
LaPa. I 
2ob U 2424 
T I * mu.SGS 1 97 
* 
767 
IJ H Lo wen si 
TO 23 
»S 
J IH L u o r.(OI 1 TO U 7115 
U 
LiACkyS 
Ade 
U 13/2 
4 * Ludlow 
4o 
248 
72 
LukenSt ITO 
I 
>o 
U H I y k a .r p 
4o 
4 
858 
J IH lykas, pf2 TO 
IAI 
4 
LvnCSvk 
IO l l 
US 

W H M B PX 
4oa 
25+* M f Aine lb 
J * M E I CP 
W H M G IC In 
IO 
7 * Mac A l 
4ob 
2 H Mac Dona! 
4 * M acke 
JA 
4"* M a. m ill 
SO l l * M cm i p ll JC 
JAH M acy 
1 » 
47’ ? Mac ypt 
4 TS 
9"? M ao s+o 
TO 
4 
M ads*) G ar 

 tU 
Z 
X 
? 
•? 
TO 
M at Hyde aa 
49* Mann In 
TO 
» 
M h H a n 19? ta n M A R C O 
9o 

 is % h in 

12 2 IU* 
U H 
U H 

M ar at AM 
He 
3 (3 7 
4 1 * M a ra tbn O J 
* 975 

 r n I 
I i 
49 2 5 * 
4 
AS I 
* 
153o 41H 
I t 
485 43H 
3 o3? 
14 

U H 
BH M a rM id 
8o 
1527 
I S * l l * M arlo n L 
S i 14 
SAJ 14’ 
Al H a * AAartev 
I 7 
116 5o+ 
1 9 * 
1 2 * M a rrio t 
TSI 13 217o 14 
A 1 * 
5 2 * M r sh M c L 7 18x523 
59 
2 5 * 
M ' r M arsh F 1.24 
12 
562 23 
2 6 * 
1 6 * AAartMa I 4o 
I 1674 24+ 
22 
I T * M a ry K a y 
4o 
16x229 2o+ 
K H 
IT 
M rlcfCup 
46b 
9 149 fez 
J IH 
IV 
M asco Cp 
TO IS 1538 26+ 
2 5 * 
IT 
M asonite 
TO 14 1639 24' 
15 
9 H M asM 
I . Ile 13 
1o6 
US 
3 8 * 
TO* Massy Per la 4 USA 
22+ 
IS H 
1 4 * Mas Cp 
I TO 
163 18+ l l * 
IO .• M aslnc 
96e 
265 l l ’ 
2 7 * 
1 9 * M a tsu E 
28e 
13 
SS* 26+ 
8 * 
AH M attel 
Inc 
A 2816 
6' 
36 
2 8 * M ayO Str I 12 
IO 787 32" 
35 
34’ % 
M ayerOsc 
1.2o 
1o187 35 
AH 
2H M ays JW 
17$ 
31 
3» 
39 
3o' 1 M aytg I 5oa 
U 
272 35’ 
I T * 
13 
M cC ord 
84 
6 
64 IS’’ 
SS". 
3 7 * Mc Der m ot I 
4 4512 46' 
AA 
4 8 * M cD nld Q5e 
2o 3284 53+ 
25 
1 4 * AAr DonD 
44 
8 
867 23+ 
2T i 
1 3 * McOonh 
9o 5 
122 22' 
3 2 * 
2 1 * Mc G Ed LSO 
IO 
267 31 + 
1 7 * 
1 2* Mc.OrwH 64 
IO 
939 14’ 
28 
2o+. MG H pf I JO 
53 77” 
4 8 * 
TA' # M c ln ty r 
I 
79 z98o 31' 
2 o * 
1 3 * Aik Hoe 
9o 
6 
97 ie 
27+% 
19+, M cLean 
46 
9 
71 26V 
23 * 
1 6 * AAC Lout ITO 
32 
727 TO" 
1 2 * 
9 * M cN eil 
8o 
7 
138 11 + 
23 
16". AAeaoCp 
92 
6 1722 2o+ 
59 
35+. Mea pf A2 8o l l 53’ 
S 9* 
36+. Mea pfB 2 8o 
282 53' 
3o’ % 
IT 
Mrx/usa LTO 
7 
63 29+ 
2 6 * 
U H M e lv ille 
68 l l 11o9 26’ 
17'? 
9-H 
Menasc 
BO 7 
214 IT' 
64 * 
4 2 * AAercSlr 
8o 9 
73 45+ 
81"? 
6 2 * M erck 
1 5o 2o I86o 66' 
19+% 
IO". M ere dith 7o S 
94 19+ 
3 3 * 
1 4 * 
M e rrL v n 
8o 8 2148 25" 
37'v 
19 
Mesa Pet 
IO 
22 1446 36 
38 * 
24' ? M esP pf I TO 
697 36" 
I I H 
6 
Mesabl L19e 
8 1389 
9 " 
3 o * 
1 6 * 
M estdM 145 8 
$7 29+ 
1 7 * 
1 2 * 
M G M lr 
7 1o72 17’ 
3 o * 
IS 
M el rom I IO 
7 
9 32 28 + 
9 1 * 
7 3 * M etE pts I? z TOSO 91' 
88H 
7o M e tE pf 7 68 Z415o 
88+ 
91H 
7 J * M IE ptJ8 32 
ZUO 9o 
9 2 * 
TI * M eE p flS U 
Z62o 91 
91H 
’ 3 
M IE pfHB 32 zl4o 91 
U H l l * M lchG s I IO 
8 
SS 14+ 
25 
17"? M i ch Tube 
1 
2o 7111 24+ 
3o 
26+% 
M hW i pf 2 67 
55 3o 
26 
25 
M hW i pf2 12 
1o9 26 
2 3 * 
13H M icrow ave 
4o 
11174 22 
TO 
1 2 * M id Cfi 
I 16 
9 
129 TO 
17+, U H M .dSU t 1,38 
IO 1777 16’ 
3 
I M idln d M fg 
178 
I ’- 
3 o * 
IS * M idi Ro 
I TO 
8 
363 3o + 
79 ? 
2o* M .lesLb I K 
8 
278 24+ 
2 2 * 
15 
M ilgo Elect 
16 
SSI 21 + 
U H 
9 H M llfB ra d AO 
8 
5o1 US 
25 
7 1 * M .nnG s 1 72 
8 
54 23 + 
AAH 
5 2 * Min AAM I 45 
2o 2385 57 
7 1 * 
1 8 * M .nnP L I AA 
8 
714 21' 
15* l l * M .rro A I 
96 
IO 
39 U ’ 
1 8 * 
8 
M issn Ed 
36 
8 
476 TO 
41 
T J H M P a c C 
I TO 
6 
831 41 
3 2 * 
17+. AAoPecR p fl l l 31" 
77'4 
JO * Mb Pf Ce LTO 
9 
o5 
27H 
16 
9 * MoPSv lb 
3 
211 16 
27 . 
24+. Mu PS pf 7 +4 
37 27'. 
65". 
4 7 * M o b il 
3 8o 
8 7456 AS" 
7 
3 ". M obile Horn 
55 
248 
4+ 
25 
3 5 * AAohasco 
9o 
8 
$77 19' 
V * 
3 
Monk D ata 
25 2274 
7’ 
74 
16'* M ohkR 
I 2o 
5 
47 ??" 
4 o * 
IS M olycorp la 
9 174 39' 
5o 
K 
M o ly pf 2 5o 
7 49’- 
2 4 * 
16 
AAnnrh I 2oa 
5 
43 24’ 
1 5 * 
6 * Monogr 
28 
6 
3o6 14" 
U H 
7h AAiinrEq 
2o 
27 ISH 12 
IOO 
76 
Mon san 2 8o 
8 1275 88’ 
3 6 * 
2 6 * Mon DU 7 4o 
7 
1/2 36" 
28' 1 
2 2 * Mon Pw 18o ll 
392 26' 
23". 
2 1 * M onist I 9oa 
211 23' 
I? 
7+% M O N Y 
96e 
13 
761 11 + 
55 * 
7 9 * MooreAAr C I 
5 
378 47+ 
64+% 
5o 
M organ 
7 
12 14o1 56+ 
26+% 
TO 
AAorrlsKnu I 5 
144 22' 
13+. 
TOH M ot se Sh 
5o 
5 
196 12’ 
4 ’ . 
7H M tgeTr Am 
254 4' 
J IH 
1 3 * M ot Not 
88 
491 TO’ 
59 
4 1 * 
M otorola 
84 2o 848 56’ 
46+, 
X * M tF u el 
2 12 57o 46 + 
JAH 
19 M tStTel 1 68 
9 HO 25' l l * 
7 
M u n fo rd 
4o 5 
216 9' 
7"? 
5 H M unfd pf 4o 
128 6+ 
7o 
U H Munsng 1 o8 
9 
115 
Us 
23H 
1 6 * M o rp h? I 2o 
7 
.16 
IVV 
JAH 
1 6 * MurpChl 
AO 
7 1268 JA’ 
21". 
U U M u rry Oh I 2o 
7 
78 
19' 
17 
1 4 * 
M uhO m I 37 
154 17 
IO 
6 * M yersL 
.4o 
291 
?• 
3 8 ', 
73H NCRCp 
77 14 4o8 7 38’ 
2 2 * 
1 2 * 
N I Ind 
1 2o 9 1586 TO* 
74". 
1 5 * 
N I TCp 
64 7 1299 24' 
12"? 
AH NVF 
2 4St 
8 
281 
9s 
S I * 
35'? Nabisco 2 TO l l 727 SI' 
J A * 
79"? NalcoCh 
96 16 377 34+ 
IS H 
IO * Narco Sci 
TO 
I 157 13+ 
7o 
IO"* NashuaC .68 12 193 TO' 
18+, l l 
N a tA lrl 
5o 22 
SOO 13' 
16+* 
H H N A via 
77e 
TH 16s 
16"? 
IO * NatCan 
57 
6 6o4 14 
29H 
21 
NC an p tl TO 
21 25s 
4 3 * 
TO NII Chem 
4o 
U 315 
22’ 
9 * 
5 * 
N tC lty L n JOe 7 IDA 
9’ 
29 
25 N jtD e tr I 57 
6 47o 
79 
2 7 * 
1 6 * 
NatD'St 
I 4o 
7 
844 25' 
72 
6 7 * 
N O il pl 
4 25 ZITO 72 
38 
» * 
N D stpf 
2 25 
I 37 
79H 
71 
N atFuel 7 16 B 
723 29 
2 7 * 7 4 * N atFuel pf2 TO 
3*177 
1 7 * 
I I H N alG yp 1o5 IO 
721 17 
8 
3H Na! 
Homes 
328 
5 
I I H 
SH Nat Ind 
X 
5 
294 
7 
16 
9 * 
N a tln d pf TO I l l 
1 4 * 
H H NI Ind p tl 25 l l 
I t 
TOH 
14 
N M dC are 
o9e 116J3 
TO 
I* 
7 * NM edE 
36 
6 
63* U 
2*’ % 
15". NM I ne iv 5o 12 
375 24 
SA"? 
36 
N d tp rs to 
J 4 
386 49 
55H 
2 4 * Nat Sermon 
2o U22 78 
15 
9 H N S vclnd 
*7 
9 
576 15 
TO 
U H NStand 
96 8 
116 TO 
56+. 
4 4 * 
NStarch 
88 13 
117 51 
5 2 * 
3 7 * N atlS tl 2 5o IO 
374 45 
5"? 
3 * 
Nat Tea 
( A i 
38 * 
22", N atom a I TO 7 
7133 Jf 
7o 
IS H Neplune 
» 9 l l 
It 
2 5 * 
1 7 * N evP w 
ITO * 
748 
2* 
39 
1 5 * N evP pf I TO . 
(ASO l l 
2 o * 
TOH N evP p tl 74 z 79o 7( 
25+. 
21H N evP p fJ 3o *AI9o 
75 
73 
2 o * N e vP p fl 95 
41 
23 
23". 
19 
NP na E l I 86 9 
ATB 
23 
TOH 
ITH NEnGE 
I 36 8x757 l< 
IO/ 
1o3* N E nG E p f9 (TO 
7341o1 
31 
7AH N E nP p ig 76 
4* 
3! 
TSH N FngT 
7 TO IO 
152 3J 
24 
NYSEG 2 4o 9 
629 
K 
NYSE p l 175 
(IOO 4* 
NYSE p ts BO 
(64o TO* 
N YSE pf2 12 
TI 75 
New hall 
46 l j 
733 
18 
N ew m f 
I to 15 
1/78 78 
IS 
85 

R -l Qh t o H igh ta w la s t Q»g. 
Stock Sym bols 

I Sales fig ures are u n o ffic ia l. 
I U nless o th e rw is e n o te d .ra te s o fd lv id e n d s in fh e fo re b oin g table a re annual disbursem ents based on th el am lq u a rte riy or em i a nn ua l decla ra tio n 
Special or e x tra plv.(tends or paym ents not designated as re g u la r are 
'm entitied in the tallow ing footnotes i a 
Also e x tra or e xtra s b- Annual ra te plus stock 
(dividend c —L iq u id a tin g dividend a —D eclared o r paid 
An preceding 12 m onths 
" Declaredoc p ald a fte rsto ck d iv id e n d o s p litu p j — P a id th is y e a r.d lv id e n d o m ltte d . d efe rre d or no action taken at last dividend m eeting 
A - Declared or paid th is year, an a ccum ula tive issue w ith d iv id tn d s in a rre a rs n 
New Issue r — D eclared or p a 'd in p re c e d ln g IT m o n th s p lu s s to c k d lv ld e n d t — P a id 
,m stock in preceding 12 m onths estim ated cash value 
.on ex divid en d or ex d is trib u tio n date v E x dividend or ax rig h ts y —C x d iv id e n d and ties in fu ll 
( -Sales In to ll 
■eld—C alled wd 
When d is trib u te d w i— /When issued w 
W ith w a rra n ts xw— W ithout w a rra n ts, xdis— E x 
(distribution 
I v j— In b an kru ptcy orre ceivership o rb etn gre o rg an K ed flinder the B an kru ptcy Act, or se curities assumed by such com pania* 
W here a spilt or stock dividend am ounting to 25 per 
6 e m or m ore has been paid the year's high low range iB ndjtivideroJ are shown tor the new stock only. 

I T f t 
22H F 

45 
38 
1o4 
85 
2 5 ', 
71 
!«+» t i 
31 
B 
95 
7 3 * N w m t p t4 5o 
15 
1 7 * N .aM P 
I 24 v is iv is 
39 
3 1 * NiaAAp! 
3 4o 
?9o 39 
4) 
33". N iaM pt 
J AO 
179o 41 
43’% 
36 
N ia M p t 3 9o 
(ISO 
4JH 
4 7 
4o 
N aM pt 
4 IO 
(13o 47 
55 
44 H N id AAP* 
4 85 
ZAIO 5 3 * 
SBH 
48 
N ia M p t 5 75 
ZUO 
58H 
(AH 
5 *'? N ia M p t 6 1o 
(UTO TOH 
ITO * 
1o4 N iM pf l l 75 
(H IO IT O * 
I U * 
9SH N iM p t 
TOTO 
1*5o 113"; 
8 /H 
17 
N iaM pf7 Ti 
(372o 87'? 
U l l 
NiagShre 95e 
9* 
13 
J IH 
2 2 * Nloor 
111 
I 
I N J I ', 
31 
TTH Nlcor p f l 9o 
17 l l 
J3H t i n N o r*WM I 76 
8 1467 3 2 * 
TOH 
1 4 * N ortm 
I 25 
5 
IJT 
TOH 
49 * 
2 2 * N o rris 
ITO 
/ 
294 49’, 
49 * 
33 
NOA Coal 
9o 
8 
73 43'? 
6 * 
TH NUA rn M* AO* 
347 
5 
36 
TOH NOA Phi I 2o 
I 77$ 
3* 
4'% 
7 * NOC A ir toe 
7 
ST? 
4 * 
IH 
+% N o te Air wt 
.. 
IU 
I * ll '? 
9 ’% N oestut I o? 
8 443o H H 
TO 
TO 
N lndP S I 44 
8 
57o 7o 
53 
H H Nor NGS 2 o8 
7 
7JJ 4 8 * 
9 3 * 
85 
NONG pf5 5o 
($ o 93'? 
83 
TO 
NONG pf5.TO 
. (21o 83 
VI 
79 
NONG p f 5 8o 
.. 
(IO 8 9 * 
1o7 
95 
NONG pt8 48 
7*o 1o1+* 
X * 
2 3 * NoStPw I 94 
IO 
*15 29H 
4 7 * 
4o 
N SPw pf3 *o 
(41o 4 7 * 
51 
44 
N iP w pf4 OB 
SO 49'? 
J IH 
45H NSPw p f4 IO 
(TO 5o 
5 3 * 
*5H NSPw pf4 16 rtlTO S3'? 
57+. 
HOH NSPw pf4 54 
(TTO 5*'? 
87)6 
75 
NSPw p f* 8o 
IOO 87H 
W I * 
8* 
N SPW pf 7 84 
(15oo TOI 
1o8 
9 5 * NSPw p ie to 
(T IM 1o8 
8 8 * 
77 
N S 'aP w pf 7 
(2o B l* 
42 * 
2 5 * Nor Tai 
*4 
12 
2*5 J IH 
* 
I H N o rth g a te 79 
I t 
4 ’% 
49’ 1 
22’% N a rth rp I 4o 
9 
4oo 47’% 
34 v. 
ZI 
NWS! A irt 
45 
13 
84* JOH 
STH 
4 3 * N w 'B rn I TO l l 
527 $7H 
34H 
24H N w lE rv g y 2 
« 
224 33H 
H H 
24H N w fE n r ct 2 
A 
4* 3 3 * 
4V'. 
3 2 * NWI mu 
2 25 
4 1*o4 4 4 * 
26 % 
1 4 * N WSI m d Wt 
118 7 3 * l i t * 
73 
N w t In pf4 » 
5 W3H 
78* 
24H N w tP pf2 SO 
13 271, 
U H 
9 * N w sM utL Ie 
IT 
225 IJ H 
36 • 
7 7 * NwtStW I 7o Ux IOU JOH 
M U 
25 . Norton 
I IO 
7 
87 5 * 
24H 
U H Nor Sim 
6ob W 7191 » 
’ % 
54 
J*' 1 NOTIS pf I TO 
387 44H 
JI 
U * N u co rfH 
32 
7 
179 TOH 
IAH 
9 H OK CCP 
I 5 
73* TOH 
I?’, 
7 * 
Oak Ind 
TO 9 
I to » o * 
U H 
U H O ekiteP 
I 9 
$7 U H 
25H 
I)'? O ccidPet 
I 141*o18 
25H 
14 
5 ’% Gee la p e l wt 
35*9 U 
4 IH 
TAH OCCtP pf2 16 
1*o 4 IH 
S IH 
4* 
Dec I P pf 3 TO 
ATO SJH 
I U . 
47 H O crid PT p f 4 
287 I I H 
W H O cciP pf2 5o l i t 77V, 
15'% Ogden 
3 JO 
$ 
TU 22'? 
TSH Ogd r pf I 17 

72+% 
I5H 
1o5’% IO* 
J O * 
31 f 
34'? 
SJH 4 
29H 
JOHL 
44'? 
44'? 4 
IO U , 1o4 
-f 

I / ' , i j 
I 
•% 
3 o * 
31 
* 
H 
JO'% 
JI 
4 l l , 
J IH 
J2H 4 
'? 
U H 
I I H 4 IH 
TOH 
TO 
— I 
43 
43>, 
. 

98'% 1o1H - 
2 AH 
TTH 
I I H 
IJ H 4 
TAH 
JO H* 
IT H 
IT H 
TOH 
TOH ♦ 

TOH 
I TO W UTO 

 a p l* 2o 

„ 
W H Oh 
54'? 
TOH Oh 
54 
TO 
Oh 
57 
4 5 * Oh 
• J 
TO 
Oh 
> 4 * 
TSH On 
94 i 
X 
Oh 
IU 
'o 2 H O M p i IO TO 
IU 1 1o3 
O’ 1 E pf IO 74 
M 
71’? ObPw p f* o4 
•A ", 
AT". O Pw B pf 7 4o 
87 
TO ' / O R w C (HI 4o 
U L ? I U * OhR pf A 
U 
H O * ITO 
On Pw pf 
14 
9o 
TO 
Oh P w Pf 7 /* 
2 3 * 
U H O kleG E 
I 4* 
U H 
W 
O xlG F pf IO 
JAH 
2 3 * O U aN G I X 
45’% 
S h OtmCp 
I n 
J7H 
2*% OI in k ra ft I IO IO U U » 
U H 
9*4 O m a r, t i I 
252 U H 
TOH 
9 
Oneida 
TO I 
TOI TOH 
TOH 
U * O pe!.lea I 12 7 
U U H 
TO, 
U 
Oran Rk 13* 9 
174 TOH 
IS H 
AH O range jot! 14 
ACI J ' , 
J*'? 
TITO O ut M ar I 4o I 
554 7»H 
TO' 1 
U H O utlet Cd 
8o A 
W I T O ". 
24'% 
TOH O v e rru n 
9o I 
IS J IH 
7 4 ', tO'% Over Sh 
K b A 
IEI 24 H 
AA1. 
47 
GwensCng I 14 
*4* «*+* 
A 3 * 
X 
Owen III T MI I 
91* SAH 
85"? 
SOH Q w a n lll pf4 
I TO* 
TO 
I t 
O wn)! p f4 IS l l 1 7 * 
2 5 * 
I * ', O x trd tn d i t S 
U7 21 

51 
/2+o 
5 4 * 
(152o 
U 
14oo 
57 
SJH 
/VOO 83 f ) 
(5o 
TO 
TO 
/TOO 
94* 
#} 
(254o IU '? H IH 
2*8o I U * IU 
(7o 
8* 
8 7 * 
398 
IA H U H 
U t t i t i t a x 131 r n 
(89o 13o 
ITO 

TO. U M TO’% 
(2AIo 
I I H 
7 
2*9 
JA * 
7 
248 
4 )H h 

P N B M R 
4o » 
PP G< rid 2 » 
I 
PSA 
Inc 
Pac AS 
I J* 
3 
E 1 8k 

U H AAaramt 
) TOTO 
I t * 

I I H 
U H * 
H 
J7H 
J t H - ITO 
44% 
4% “-*- 
Mi itM r - r* ITT a 
AH 
♦’? 
I H f H ♦ 
H 
I I H 
TOH - 
H 
U H 
TSH * 
’% 
52 
53 
* JH it" ? 
U h o h a h — 
. 
EH lO H * 
H 
U H 
35 
* 
* 
24 
S h - 1 
TH 
I 
A 
H 
TOH 
4o*?A 3H 
41H 
3 
- I is 
W h a h 
IIH H h ....... 
IT H 
W H A 
H 

I ’ — 
R 

 i 
1 

PacG 
( 1 rn 
9 *o/5 2 
P acLfg 
148 
I UTA 
I 
P a c *m 
1 ,o U 
ITO 
J 
PacPetn a* 
9 
3*o 
I 
P acP w 
1 IO IO MUT 
I 
PacTT lad 
9 
291 
I p a c t I pf * 
. (Alo 
1 pac Tm to I 
25 
55* 
4 
IST 
• J * i f 
< 
SO 
* 
4oo 
I 
12 
I 
4o4 
A ir 
MIO 

IS 
I 
' » 
I 
P a rg a tm c 1 1? 
» 3 
P arCr D r 
TO* I 
241 i 
P ar Man I JO 
* 
54 
: 
P arkP en 
41 
I 
141 
P a trk P 1251 l l 1o53 
PayiR'w 4o 9 
152 ; 
Peabody 
14 l l 
2*4 
! 
P enD t* 
Utj 
237 
Penney 
I TO 13x1*11 ' 
I P eP w L* I 8o 
9 
855 
; i P aP L p f* 4o r 41o 
1 
P a P i pf 4 SO 
P aP L p fl AC 
I PaPL p t l 4o 
I P a P l PIT u 
P aP L ! 
PMI 
Pa P L ' B tu 
P aP L pf 
I 

Toh t 

• 
P H * s i 
ASH 
I n u h ­ u h 
U H 
JJH 
27 TO­ 
TO' • 
TOH* 
37'? 
ITH u h 
Y ah r S - 
I n 
% 
: 
ITO 
ITO - 
U H 
U H 
P H 
ATO - 

G S r r 

 r n s r iS X 
97 
MOO IW ? 
(1o7o IU '? 
(+3o UC 
I BAO 
« '? 
(AM P l'? 
9x44* 
U H x l a i' 
■ w f l 

•ITO+ 

S r 
ITO 
‘■ I 
’TO 
[ 
/2 % 
ITO 
ITO 
M 
* 
I 

Penw' p f l SO 
P e n *, p fl AO 
Penn lo. T 
Pennz p f. _ 
P m m p l BB 
PeopOrg 
JO 
PeopieG #* hem G. 
. Per x E I rn 
32 TO 
AM 
I I H 
, Pet inc 
1*o 
I 
U t 
J IH 
1 Reft ne p l IO 
U 
U 
1 Pol Inc Pf I 
17 l l 

14o 
I IMA 
»<? 
4131 
^ 
41H 
JIBS 
(5TOo 
M 
1 
I 
TO l h 
I 4o 
M74 SO* i is h i* 
Soh 

U H 
97 
IO * * IO*' 
I l f TO IU 
ITO'* IN 

- 
I 
U H 
32'/ 

 r n 
W H " 

 u t 
1o69 
5 
KW 

(JOO 

(52$ 
(45oo 
JU 
437 

TAH 
TAH 
52+, 
29 
29'? 
4 1 * 
18'% 
43 
47 
5o 
BTH 
9 9 * 
89H 

Y early 
H ig h L o w p f 
I6 H 
K l* Peter Pl 
8oa IO 
8o 
43'? PetrleSt LAO 17 
26+, 
19'? P etrol an 
72 
8 
57 * 
4 2 * Petrol pf 137 
29 
JO * P etrlm 2 SSe 
J IH 
25H Pf.zer 
88 
13 1713 
45H 
34+, P helpD 
2 2o 16 
5 54 
18'% 
UTO P hilaE t I 6* IO 2o98 
44 
36 
Phi I E p. J 8o 
48'? 
» 
P h il! Pf* JO 
5o 
39". PhilE p f* 4o 
STH 
6 3 * P hilaE I pf7 
IOO 
78 
P hilE pie TS 
8 9 * 
7o 
P hilE pf 7 85 
1o4'. 
96 
P h llf pf9 52 
1o4 * 
8 4 * P hilE pf9 5o 
8 8 ', 
(A t, Phi l f pf? BO 
8 6 * 
66"? P h.IE pf7.75 
16' 1 
U H PhllaSub 8o 8 743 
1 6 * 
63’ . 
4 9 * P tillM o rr I X U 8496 Al+% 
8 * 
J * P h ilip , Ind 
TS 
466 
SH 
1 4 * 
6"? P htl.plnd pf 
9o IJ H 
6 6 * 4 9 * P h ilip p i ISO 
13 1812 6 6 * 
U H 7H 
Ph.MVnH 6o 
8 
86 Io H 
23H 1 4 * P ickw ick 
37 
9 
JOA UTO u v . 
15 p u k in g 144 a 
$6 u h 
8 * 4 * 
Pier I Im p rt 
8 
165 
AH 
44V, n * P lllib u ry I 16 14 923 
44H 
37 
27+x PlOner 
I 44 
9 
431 JAH 
17H 
1 6 * P .o n e rE I 
14 
JIO 
1 7 * 
18 
1 3 * P itney B 
68 
17 1289 IAH 
21+% 
IT H P ill Fry 
8ob 
7 
9 T O H 
48 
31 
P.tt+tn ta 8x4893 J5H 
31H 
JOH Pl ZZ# Mf 
o9e 
U 
M3 27H 
4 * 
3 
Plan R esrch 
7 
882 
4". 
AH 2H 
P layboy 
12 
13 1667 
AH 
IAH 
8 * 
Pli*++ev 
86t< 
7 
138 l l 
U 
U H Pneumo 
I 
$ 
921 IT 
4 5 * 
J I * P olaroid 
SO 
17 4291 38H 
14 
6 
Ponderosa 
41 
AU 
7 * 
24’% 15+% Pope Tai 
7o 
IS 
113 TOH 
73 
U H P orter 
WI 
IO 
+86 2?H 
73 
66 
P o u r pf 5 5o z IO 73 
J I * 
IAH POUGE 
I M 
9 
79* TOH 
117 
1o2 
POO p f l l SO 
29+% 
2 4 * P ortG pt2 AO 
71 
48". Potltch 
I AB 
12 IOO 
36 
14 
P otltch w l 
9 
U H 
I I H P oth !El I 16 
9 1688 
4 1 * 
X 
P otE I pf 2 44 
13 
S3 
43 
P olEI pf 4 SO z88o 
49", 
X 
P otE I pf4 o4 
(9oo 
Al 
SJH PolEI pf 5 46 
(41o 
67 * 
53' , PotEI pts SO 
IA X 
15 
IO * P re m ie r 
48 
8 IU 
1 8 * 
U+« P re m r pf 9o 
49 
IOO* 
81H P ro ctrG 2 2o 
18 15oo 
U H 
8 * P ro dR sh 
48 I 116 
SO’ 1 
27 
Pro! el 
I 4o 
8 
BA 
19+% 
U * P SvC ol I 46 1ox8o1 
TA * 
7 6 * PSCol pf7 IO 
57 
3 1 * 
7JH P SVC In 
1 97 l l 1121 
45 
39 
PSInd p t j SO 
ZUO 
U H 
I I H PSInd p f 1.o4 
(SOO 
U H 
17 
PSlnd p tl OB (1o1o 
111 
Io J H PSInd pf9 44 
MIO 
1o4 
1oo+% PSInd p ts 52 
(AO 
J IH 
18H PSvNH 
I 88 
8 779 
X 
2 5 * PSNVt p f 7 TS (761o 
U H PSvNM I 52 I t 
475 

S o la * 
N e t 
( b d , ) 
H i g h l a w l a i t C h g . 
M 
1 2 * 
IJ H 
1 2H + 
H 
TATO 
“ 
25'? 
S IH 
2 7 H 
T T H 
39 
U H 
42 
47 
48 
S IH 
98H 
87 H 
13o 1o4* 1o4* 1o4* + 
, 365o 1o4 
1o2 
1o4 
A 
(884o 
SB’ ? 
87 
87+* I 

(164o I U * HOH 1 11 '? - 
35 
7 9 * 
TBH 
29'* 
OO 
71 
A 9 * MTO— 
9 
36 
35 
3$ 
+ 
88 
U H 
U H 
U TO , 
13 
4 1 * 
4 o * 
41' .1 + 
ISO 
SJH 
S I* 
5 2 * + 
OO 
49'? 
47 
48H 
HO 
61 
58H 
Al 
A 
13o 
62 * 
6o 
6 2 * 4 
JI 
UTO 
1 2 * 
U H ­ 
U H 
UTO ♦ 
9o’? 
91H - 
9 * 
9 H 4 
JI 
JI 
+ 
I I H 
U H 
MV* 
JAH 
31H 
J I'? 
4 4 * 
44'? 4 
U H 
IJ H 4 
U H 
14+84 n o n o 
- 
IOT'? 1o4 
+ 

U H PSvEG 
I 8o 
14'? PSEG pf 14o 
3 8 * PSEC pf 4 o8 
4o 
PSEG pf 4 IR 
41 
PSEG pf4 JO 
48'? PSEG pf 5 o5 
57 
PSEG pts 28 
24'% PSEG pf2 U 
AA 
PSEG pf* 8o 
TS 
PSEG pf 2 43 
IU '? PSE pf 12 TS 
IS 
PSEC pf7 TO 
IJJ 
94H 
7* 
PSEG p f/ 8o 
(737o 
9 4 * 
IAH PSEG pf8 o8 
(JIO 
94'? 
71"? PSEG pf? ST 
748 
91 
« > . PSEG pf? 4o 
391 
9 o * 
9 4 * PSEG pf9 62 
(12o 1 o9 * 
4 
P ublckr md 
274 
A'% 
T'% Pueblo Int 
127 
J H 
T H P lier P i Cern 
9 
3 H 
TSH PuoSPL 2 JA >o 
AU 
3 4 * 
7 7 * P ullm n 
I 32 
9 
443 
JJ'% 
1 4 * P ure* Cp I OR IO 5o9 
19 
19 
P ure* p tl 35 
$ 
25 
2 * P u rim Fa»h 
$ $33 
J * 
TSH P u ro llr 
I 17 
9 
SII 
7 8 * 
1 
TO * Q u a n ta l 
97 IO 1484 
26H 
SA* Q ukO nl p fJ 
6 
AS 
1o3 
QuaO p f* 56 
,12o I U 
■ 
IS Q uakStO 
78 U 
1o43 2o 
1 
5 * Q ue,tor 
(tor 1o*147 
TH 
1 
1 7 * Q ue+trpfA 
7 
*7 24H i 
IAH RGA 
I 
U 67oo 
27H 
W H 
RC A pl 
USO 
(46o 45 
. 
57 RC A cvpf 
4 
57 7o b 
4 H RTE 
7o U 
/J * I I H x 
4 6 * R alm onP I X IS 1252 53'? 
U22V52 
M t 

35127 l l * 
2 7 * 

J‘ % R am ,id * 
* 
7 Ran co In ii 
3 R apid 
Am 
IS * Rap |rp t2 25 
31 
25 
* 
24", RapAm pf J 
J 
2 9 * 
1 
2 6 * 
M a y b ii I 5ob A TI J I * 
* 
IS '* 
R a y m ln t 8o 7 
4oo 2t'% h 
44* R aythn 
I 2o 11x1571 AO* 
15'% Read Bat 
BO 
4 1457 
I t 
. 
7'*, Redm an m d 
478 
J H 
* 
9 H 
ReeteCp 74 l l TAB U H 
* 
18'% Reeve+Bro 
I 44 
5I1371H 
> 
I I H 
R e lc h th 74 8 
713 TO* 
7 
RellabSt 
AH 
A 
38 
9 '? 
18 
R elianE I I IO I* 174 
J4 
5 1 * R elien p f J 
37 
95 
Re!la pf LAO 
4 
6) 
A 
Redan O ro 
M 
/AO 
TOH l l 
R el G rp p fB 55k 
5A38 
8 ", R elG rp p ie ASK 
25'? Ret In p f} (A 
A' 1 R epublic Co IO 
143 
IO 
RepFlnS 
IO 
A l l 
1 
I 
R epM lg In v 
84 
1 
77'% RepSlt 
I 4o 
8 
989 
TTH RepTex I JO 
8 
84o 
7 H R e irv O II i f U 4991 
U H Rev CODS 
24 I t 
749 
7TO Rover Copp 
519 
39+» Revlon 
TO l l 1o78 
3 TO Rexham 
4o 8 12o9 
TO* R e in rd 
I 32 
7 
356 
JTH Rexn pf 2 JA 
I 
SS 
R e yn ln 
J TS 
9 153o 
A1 
Rey In pf7 25 
44 
72% Rey M et I TO 
I 
94A 
J A * ReyM pf4 5o x j 
JA'* ReyM p fJ 37 x$ 
OH Reyn Se 
4oa 
7 
124 
T H R I ch,ir den I 
9 
TAI 
J IH Rich M er 
TO 12 
UT 
IO * R ichm nd BO 
9 HOO 
U H R ie g elT I N 
5 
149 
IS 
R lo u r an 
IO 
7 
T X 
9' 1 RioG r pf no 
ITB 
U * R ite A ld 
24 12 947 
U H Roh+haw I IO 
9 377 
JI 
Robrtxn 1.3o 
A 
JJ 
9 * R o bin, 
M a 
TO lo o t 
UTO RocT>G I M b IO 
2*4 
1o7 
RochG p f l l 
(IO 
U * Ruch Tat 
88a t 
JOA 
9 H Roc Bower 
/A 
5x259 
J IH R o c k w lln t 2 
9 
TU 
57 
R k ln t p f4 7$ l l 
TOH Rk Int p f! IS 
A 
44' 1 Rohm H I 28 l l 
124 
4 
Rohr m d t i t 
X 
R o b in , 
34 l l 
342 
3H Ron MMI Cp 
37 
U H Roper 
I 4o 
I t|4 
IT 
Hor rn A 
94 IO 
427 
ISH R ia,I. io aor, IO 
148 
2 2 * Rowan 
2o 
4 
U t 
U H Rowan w i 
I 
U '4 RoyCCol 
8o 
9 
328 
41H R oylD 
3 2te 
4 415o 
4 H H o ylln d JOe IO 
SSI 
2 2 * R uobrm 
48 15 
1o3 
IA H Rucker lt d 
8 
«A8 
9 H R i a ,T ug 
/A 
I 
354 
9 
Ryder Sa, 
Ole 
MZJ 

•o T W 

T 
SCA iv e 
UTO VC MCP 
Db 
A '* SOSCrm 
4o 
35 
Sabine 
I 
TOH Sabine wi 
2 * Safgdln 
ON- 
3 9 * Seiew.iy 2 JO 
I 
Saga Cd 
28 
I 
437 
BTO St TOM in I N l l 
24# l l 
StTOLIP I IT l l 
/J 
O H StLSaF 
7 5o IO 
ISO 
•OH StPaulS 9»a 
187 
J3H SiRegP I A4 
9 1478 
5 * Sat am 
U h 
A 
UT 
U H Sam bo, 
48 IO UTI 
I I H Sen D G , I TO I 
B tl 
7 * SJoanR 
N I 
A l f 
A . S a n d e r, 
1} lo s t 
B H SF#Ina 
7 
I 1485 
J * SFelnd p l SO 
TO 
JOH SanFelnt 
TO IO U27 
BH SargtW el 
X I 
Ta 
TH Saul R te ,! 
488 
J H SavA 
Stop 
JA 
UC 
SH SavOnOr 
TO 
Bx ITA 
I 
Sa? I. i f 
I V 
A 
UA 
U H SavnEA t 34 
IS 
II 
Sav(3 p tl a 
JA 
AH Sav in b m 
IO# IO 424 
3 * (axon m o 
IO 
Aid 
I 
Schaefer CP l f 
4o 
S rtiergP i 
I IS 2477 
IJ H S cbllt?Br 
At 
9 
IO* 
7o 
Sc hi um b I X 191749 
Al TO Schtomb * 
UA 
I I H S C O im 
8o 
A 
I U 
SH Scot Lad 
TO JI 
1o3 i i 
S coff et ITO 
9 
245 i U j ^ ^ f t ^ ^ C 
I 
' 

5 3 * f 
ITO 

S H * 
H 
MTO- 
* 
U 
♦ 
H 
ADH- 
IH 
U h ♦ h 
41 Mr— 
* 
U H * 
TO 
U H - I 
7TO+ 
* 
1 7 '* - 
TO 
IA H 
♦TO, 
H . 
I I 
A 
TO 

K 

W it 

Sr od Duo Vt 
_ 
. . . 
7H Sc odd pf ATO 
Si 
Sea Cont 
25 
I 
9/o 
S M bC L 
2 
A 1337 
SeatW A 
TTI 
JAI 
Seagram 
IO 
9 
IAT fo tfe v 
«td 
^ 
^12 

* SoarleG 
Si 
9 UTT 
' 1 Se«r+ 
I 4oa IT 2,3* 
H Sa#*ra in L in I S M 
‘ inc 
“ im L in l f 
44$ 
I 

•O LtT I » b *# UT 
W H 
:cpim » 4 no 
1 h 

7ft? 

■m 
Si 

I 
I S H 
T T H ♦ 
J * 
I 
3 3 * 
J 4 H . 
H 
M 
ITO 
_Hfc+ 
TO 
IT O 
B T O 
B 
H 
- 
TO 
T H 
> ? 
T O H * 
H 
I A H 
U T O 
I A H A 
H 
U H l l l l u + 
TO 
A t * 
A S H 
M T O - IT O 

V t 

Cpi rn vgm l hak+pra 
+#p«i! 
'H 
J o « flO II 
3 
22 ? th a i. T t OU 
W H JhAtirO i AO# t i * fh tlG l pf I M 
W H JhitG i p fl 4o 
W H VUU GI pf I 
S '* S htrw W J TO U t» 1 ShrW pf 4 
ITO S. e rr Pac 
I t 
IS H Signal 
I IO U 
IO 
I i w m U pi 
1 . H 
34 f if n o i pn u 
32 
Stgnofla II D IT 
*• 
I fifh P rd c 
I t 
I 
IM 
IT H i m n 
8 |rt t i 
|4 
I I H S im pP at 
SO IS MAJ 
BH S. ng ar Co I De t i t 
MTO fu ro r p T j # 
.75 
U H 5kdog, 
SO l l 
JOI 
AA 
Shelly 
1 4oa t i r n 
TH Skit 
Corp 
9 t i t 
U H Skyline 
OH fm tth A O 
TOH Sm ith tnt 
■TO Im tm kl ma 
13 
(rn tth T 
ISH am o* Far 
VO 
A 
IJT 
ICH Sol a B a, 
AO 
I 
22o 
TH S o n a ta im 
I* 
44 
/ T O tpn yC p 
O M 
W AAU 
TT O 
TTH S po cm 
Ie 5 x /o 
MTO 

♦TO Sbuidwn 
AO J 
4o 
I I H Sdwr jR IJ S 
J I 

 x 
I i I H A 
IIT O + I 
» a ro o f t o * 
U H 
U T O — I 
■ t o i i 
193 U H 
I S H 
IA>% + . si 
U t 
751 i i I T H 
* • ? - 
ITO 
I m * 2 IT 
IA T T B H 
TO 
T O H I 
, r 
4o 
A 
49 IO U T O l f 
+ 
TO 
Y 9 i 
! » STO i f 
+ to 

M 
U 
. - 

Vt 

% , l 

I m 
ITO— 
TO a a ji . ........ 
UTO 
TO 

H t o + 
*T O 
1 4 H + 
TO 
MTO* 
TO 
12TO+ ITO 

C 
3 
^ 
^ 
* 
I o n l u i u f d b d P a g e &C 

UTO u r n 

 w ■ 
UTO 
U T O 
U<* 

 v t r 
TTO 
T 

Com plete nationw ide c*o Btl p o lite p riers 

A m e r i c a n s t o c k s 
E xclusive in §an A ntonio 

A 
B 
C 
NE W V O R K (A l*) 
TradiVigTor’ lffe week (’n American it ocK E xchange issues: 

Yearly 
Sales 
Net 
High la w 
(bds.) High lo w last Chg. 

SH 
14'J 
8>, 
9 H 
U U 
I * 
16% 
13''7 
BH 
2 
2% 
8% 
4 
6% 
16 
2 
9% 
3’ > 
4>/4 

4 
AB EPI ast P 
I 
AA RCp 
3o 
4% AA VOOS 
6'* APSInc 
8% ASPRO 
4* A TI 
Inc 
8 
AVCCp 

32 
25 
.56 

4o 
„ 
. . . 
3 
44* A VX C p ,25e 
8 
5’* A b rd M f 
4ob 12 
1 
Acme Manti 
I i * Acm e Prec 
5 
4% Action 
24 
6 l l * Acton Cd l l 
2 
Adam Russ! 
8 

1o9 
3o 
34 
86 
35 
42 
6o 
51 
3 
IO 
2o 
99 
145 
43 

6 
114* 
5’* 
9>, 
11'/4 
Vt 
IO'/, 
12 
6V4 
IV4 
2'/J 
8 
34* 

9% AdobeOil 
16 25 15o2 
I 
Aegis Corp 
7 
44* A eroFlo lSe 
5 
I 1* Aeronca Inc . 
1 Va A ttn Cap lOe 4 
J 16 I 16 A ff (le a p w t 
9 H 
AH A ff ii Hsp 
24 
6 
IO7, 
6% A ffilP u b 
.48 
6 
6V4 
34* A fte r Six 
2o 
5 
164* 
AV. Alan Wood 
. 
6% 
44* Alaska A irt 
2 
3% 
I ' j Al ba Wa o5e 
14 
9% 
5 '* Alcolac 
32e 
6 
IO 
4 ', AliegC p w t 
7'/o 
4 '* A lleghy A irt 
9 
3% 
I 4b AitegA w to 
.. 
2 '* 
% A ilegA w tN .. 
26U 
2o% Ailed ApfC 3 . 
84* 
5 
A llia n t 
36e 
4 
2 
% Al Id A rt Ind 
17% 
134* AHd T hrm 88 6 
2% 
I 
Alpha Ind 
8 
AH 
3% A ita m il lOe 
5 
2 l l 16 A ltec Corp 
15 16 3 16 A lte c C p w t 
7’* 
4 
Al tee Crp pf 
15Vs 
8 '* A lterF ds 
5o 
13 
49 
43' J Alcoa pf3 75 
141* 
74* A M A X wt 
4% 
14*7 Am Ag rones 
SU 
6 
A m B iltrt 
5o 
6 
18% 
15% Am Bro wt 
IO** 
6 '* 
A m B usP 
26 IO 
% I 16 A Cen M ig w t 
7U 
5 AControl 
44a 
9 
4% 
I 
Am Fletch 
5 16 I 16 A m F ltc h w t 
11% 
5% AG ar Pd 
34 
. 
6% 
3% A m in i 
P lct 
4 
2 
A Israel 
H r 
6 
7% A M a ite A 4o 
5 
TH A M atte B 4o 
5 
36 
A m M f 
2 8oe 6 

54* 
11% 
5% 
8% 
1o4* 
% 
94* 
11V, 
6Vb 
1% 
2% 
74* 
3% 
3% 
134* 
1% 
9% 
1% 
34* 

4% 
164* 
15% 
52 
4% 
344* 
9 
74* 
15% 
4% 
12% 
18** 
5 ", 
2% 
74* 
9 
6 4 * 
44* 
24% 
7% 
7 
18'* 
5 "a 
64* 
16'* 
17% 
2% 
4% 
6% 
1 % 
1 % 
4% 
1o% 
18% 
16% 
11% 
5% 
97, 
44% 
44* 
27% 
8% 

16 
62 
14* 
21 
94* 
o7 
2 
84 
4% 
_ _ 
36 7 16 5 16 
29 
84* 
BV* 
1o% 
6 
7% 
5'/* 
2% 
64* 
9 
5% 
2% 
I 
26 
54* 
IV* 
15% 
24* 
6% 
I 

1o% 
5% 
7'/, 
4% 
2 
AU 
84* 
4% 
2 
I 
76 
5% 
1 
144* 
2 
6% 
% 
% 3 16 
54* 
5% 
15% 
48% 
174* 
2'/* 
7% 
184* 
8% 
% 
7% 
1% 

13% 
47% 
1o% 
2 
7V, 
17 
7% 
V* 
7 
14* 
% I 16 
6% 
5% 

4% A Precs 
28a 
6 
3% A Sat Eq l i t 
4 
7% Am Sc I t o4e 17 
2% Am Tee 
I5e 29 
8% Am UHS 82e 
9 
A M IC Corp OSe 
2 
AndreR 
13 
2 
AnaloC 
Ue 
6 
3% An Ken 
2o 
7 
44* Anthony 
19t 
4 
I '* A pplid Data 
9 iv , ApldDev 
14 
AqultCa 
3o 12 
3% A r i, CL lOe 13 
4% A r ,Col pf 48 

3o 
2o9 
167 
128 
56 

5 
2% 
1o% 
1oV, 
52 
5% 
34% 
8% 
5% 
11% 
4% 
12% 
8156 18% 
3 
2% 
87 
75 
47 
272 
511 
29 
2o9 
52 
5% A rm m C p 
12 
4x141 
3% A rro w E lect 22 
4 
A ru n d e l 
7% Asam era 25 l l 
8% Ash I OC 
2oa IO 
% A skin Svc 
7% Ast rex 
Inc lOe 8 3o 
3% A talanta 
7oe 3 
38 
% A lc o Ind 
V* A ticoM tg w t 

2% 
7% 
7% 
6% 
3% 
17% 
5% 
7 
7% 
5% 
6% 
11% 
11% 
IV* 
4% 

4% 
2'/* 
9% 
9'/, 
49% 
5 
34 
8% 
5 V, 
9% 
3% 
11% 
16% 
2% 
2 V* 
6% 
7% 
5% 
3 
16% 
5% 
6% 
7% 
AU 
5% l l 
IO ', 
1% 
4 V* 
4% 

5% .......... 
11%— 
% 
5%— 
Va 
9 
+ 
Ms l l 
— 
% 
H + 3 16 
1o V, + I 
111%- 
4* 
6% .......... 
I ' * .......... 
2 H + 
V* 
7 4 * - 
V* 
3 V,— 
V, 
3%— 
% 
151/#+ 2 Va 
IV*— 
Vs 
9 U + 
I/, 
2 
+ 
V* 
4 '/*+ 
% 
% + ! 16 
8 % + 
V, 
1o% 4- 
% 
5%— 
% 
7 % + 
% 
5 
.......... 
2% .......... 
6'/*— 
V*. 
84*-- 
% 
5 '* + 
1/* 
2% + 
V, 
I 
26 
4 
% 
5% + 
'/* 
I 
____ 
15 
+ 
Va 
2% + 
Va 
6 % .......... 
1 
+ 1 1 6 
% + 
% 
5%+ 
% 
14%+ 
% 
4 8 % , IV , 
1o%— 1% 
2 
7% 
1 7 % - I 
7% 
. . . 
%. .. 
7 
- 
V* 
1%— 
Va 
' , + 116 
6 
_____ 
5 
+ 
% 
2% + 
V* 
9% — 
% 
94*— 
V, 
51% + 2% 
5% .......... 
34'/,+ 
V, 
8%— 
V* 
5V,+ 
% 
11V<+ iv * 
4 Va + 
% 
12'/* + 
% 
17'/*— IV* 
2V,— 
% 
2% 
7V,+ 
V* 
7%— 
% 
6% t I'/* 
3% + 
% 
16"*— 
% 
5 4*~ 
7 
+ 
7V* + 
5% + 
6V* 4- 
H H — 
11% + 
1V* + 
AU 

A tla s C M B o8e 8393 4 

5% + I 
5715 1613 16 
"a + 
% 
25 
V, 
% 7 16+ 

6 '> AtlasCp NI 
11% A ugatlnc 
3o 14 i i ' * A ustral O il 
21 
5% A utoTrn 
7ot 
2 '* Auto Bldg 
6 
2% A uto ta ! Rad 
3 
36% AutoSw 
88 12 
2 
A V E M C 
2o 
6 
17% Avondal 12o 1ox156 
3% A ydin Cp 
IO 
95 
4% 
4% BA T ln d 
.. 
4 
1% 9 16 BR TRI 
JOe .. 
69 
3 16 I 37 BR TR I) w t 
2% iv , BTU Eng 
6 
BadgrM t 
5o 
I 
4 
Baker M lOe 
I 
9' * Balden Et 
24 
< 
5 
BaldwS 
32a 
12% BanFd I 15e 
% Bang Pun w t 
6V* B anistrC tl 
2oe 

IO 
6'/* 
13 
7% 
18% 
I " . 
11% 
6'a 
3 
1% 
5% 
9% 
9% l l ' * 
4 % 
3% 
2 '* 
3% 
S' a 
2% 
% 
6 
6 
17% 
29% 
4 
6% 
6% 
4% 
3% 
14% 
9+4 
7% 
17'* 
18' I 
6% 
11% 
9% 
1o% 
79 * 
15% 
14% 
5% 

76 

1o% 
14'/* 
16% 
6% 
5% 
5% 
4oV, 
4% 
26% 
7% 

3% 
9 
13% 
14% 
6 V* 
4% 
5% 
39% 
3% 
24' , 
7' a 
4% 

Va 
3% 
1o%+ 2 
13"e- 
% 
16% 4 1% av*— 
% 
4%— v* s% + 
% 
4o%+ 
% 
4 V* » 
% 
25^/*- 1% 
7% + 
% 
4% 
BBS 
% 
I I 32 I 32 I 32— I 32 

3% Banner 
I ' 1 Barclay 
2'/* Bared Ca 
I % Barnes Eng 
6% B arnw l 
I5e 
B arryR 
o9e 
5% B arryW r 
44 
* 
7% B arth Sp 
2o l l 
1% Bartons Cdy .. iv * B aruch Pos! 
1 
B arw ick ET 
2 
Bel I Ind 
OSA 
5 
1% BelsctR 
o61 
6 
'a B enS tM g w t 
2% Benrus Crp 
5 
7'# Berq 
En! 
31 
4% Berg Bruns 
21 
12 
BrgB p l I IS .. 
1% B ern,O m a 
4 
Bertea 
14 
9 
3 
BervenC 
o6 94 
7% BetnCp lOe 
1% B eve rly Ent 
9V* B k Pen 
36 
9 
4% BigDad 
7 
4% Big v Sup l l 
B m kM f 
11V* Binny Sm 
4% Blessng 
8' , Blount 
4% BodmAp 
6% Bo'I Bef 
IS 
B ow Vall 
9' ; Bowne 

5o 
51 
4796 
6 
196 
4 
IO 
6 
3o 
28 
29 x86 
6 
49 
9o 

7'a 
8% 
4% 
11% 
7% 
18’ * 

I "a 
8% 
4% 
1o% 
6% 
17% 
I 
15 16 
9% 
9' 

6% B radtdN 
2% B lanch 

26 
4 la 
7 
SO 
6 
3o 
6 
3o 
6 
4o 21 
2o 
IO 177 279 
3ob 
6 
47 

12 
62 
63 
372 
9 
41 
97 
17 
249 
51 
93 
18 
127 
13 
287 
178 
45 
6 
26 
69 
13 
131 
83 
36 

2o IO 
2o 
5 

6 '* 
7% 
3% 
}V. 
8% 
5% ll'/ * 
3% 
1% 
1% 
2% 
4% 
2 11 
3% 
3 
7 
15% 
2% 
5% 
3% 
3% 
3% 
13% 
5'/* 
7 '-, 
I6 1'* 
16' i 
6% 
11% 
5 
7% 
77 V* 
11% 
9% 
5 

5% 
2’* 
7% 
3% 
7% 
5 
1o% 
3% 
1% 
IV* 
2 '* 
4% 
1% 
5 32 
3% 
2% 
6% 
14% 
7% 
5% 
3% 
3 
2% 
13 
4% 
7 Va 
IS ', 
15V* 
6% 
9% 
4% 
7% 
21% 
1o% 
8 % 
4% 

I 
8' v + 
% 
4% + 
V* 
1o% v* 
6 % 
% 
17%— 
'/* 
I f 116 
9v»— 
’-a 
5 Va— 
' a 
2%— v* 
3 
— 
% 
3%— 
V, 
8 % + 
% 
S%+ 
% 
1o% 
3%— 
% 
1%.......... 

I 

1% 
2 V *- 
% 
4% + 
V* 
I " * - 
Va 
'* +3 37 
3% - 
% 
2%— 
% 
I 
+ 
15% + 
2% + 
5% 
3% 
3% + 
3 
.. 
13V* 
5% + 
TV*— 
% 
15%+ 
% 
IS H — 
% 
6'/* + 
'* 
1 1 '*+ 1% 
4% 
7% + 
% 
2 1 '* - 
H i 
11%+ 
V 
8 " * - 
% 
4 % ........ 

% 

Yearly 
High la w 
Sale* 
(hdt.) High low 

13% 
14% 
22 
7'/, 
18% 
4% 
14% 
4% 
IS 
15 V* 
5 '* 
5% 
13 
5 
5% 
14% 
12 
12% 
26% 
2 '* 
9% 
7 

7'/, B ra nt*A r w t . 
9% BrascanA 
I 
3 
15 
B raunE n 8o 
6 
2% Breeze Corp . 
9 v* B re w e rC 
2 '* Bro D art lOe 
6 
8 V* Brooks P 
4o 
6 
2V* Brown Co w t ll'/* B rn F A 
.6o IO 
1o% B rnF B 
6o IO 
4V» B rw nF p f 4o 
2 
Buehler 
Cp 
8 
6% B uell Ind 
4ob 5 
3 
B ulldex Inc 
5 
2Wa Burgess Ind 
9 
11% B oring Fd 
82e 
8% B urnsln t 
6o 
8 
8% B utler In! 
SO 
5 

9% ll" * 
21% 
5% 
IO "a 
3% 
11% 
2"* 
14% 
14% 
5% 
4 Va 
13 

8 "* CK Pet 
2oe 18 1333 

18 
472 
36 
16 
8o 
23 
9o 
66 
I 
319 
14 
114 
23 
5 
4 
91 
3% 
5 x7614V* 
212 
1o% 
67 

3V, 
9% 
12% 
11V, 
9 
6% 
14% 
6% 
4% 
16% 
8% 

17 
6 
13% 
17% 
48'/* 
3% 
3% 
4 
46% 
8% 
8o% 
15% 
6o% 
5 "a 
72% 
18 V* 
7 % 
12% 
2% 
41% 
51 
6% 
27 
3 Va 
o % 
23% 
7% 
1% 
7% 
5% 
6% 
7 
4% 
28 V, 
12% 
18% 
3% 
6'/, 
2% l l ' * 
9% 
9% 
3% 
1o% 
4% 
11% 

1 
CDI 
Corp 
6% CHB Food 
4 '* CMCCP oar 
V, I 16 C IM tg w t 
A 
4% 
2% CM I Corp 
1% CM TIn Inc 
6 
CRSDes 
IS 
6% CSECp 
.52 
6% CW Tran 
5o 
4'/* Cablcom Gn 
3 
CaqleA 
.15 
12% Ca (dor 
3% Calcomp 
2% Cal L ife 
1o% C alP rtC m 
5 
Cameo Inc 
13 16211 !6C aC hbA 25e 
6% 
2% C dnExp ose 12 
7>,v411 !6Cdn 
Hom std 
16 
IO '* 
5% CdnHydr 
25 
7 
14 
C dlnP A I SO 
6 
3% CdnM arc 
2o IO 
5V* Cdn M e rrill 
13 
9% CdnOcci 
5o 
7 
36 
Cdn SuprOII IO 
% Capeharf Cp 
I ' * Capital Res 
2 '* C a pitlF d 
2o 
5 
17% Carbon 
8oa 16 1o71 
4% Caressa 
3o 
7 
423 
64 
C arnal I 4oa 15 
73o 
11% C aroPipi lb 8 
22 
53 
C aroPLpf 5 
7 
C arrols Dev 
14% Castle A M I 
6 
13'/, CasFd 
I 2oa 
1% Castleton In 
9 
8 '* C a vifrn lOe IO 
"a C elluC raft 
8 
34% CenM pf3 5o 
44 
C e n P lp l 
4 
4% Cent Sec 
4oe 
14% CenS p f I 25 y25 
2 
C entury Pac IO 
8 
4 
Cenvill 
45e .. 
1o3 
18% CerM pf2 25 
85 
I 1* C ertified Cp 
% C ertron Cp iv , Cetec Corp 
3% C hadM ill 
4o 
3 
Champ Horn 
3% C h a rlr Med 
J 
2% Chem E xp 
6 
15% C hiR ivt I 6oa 
9 
8'/* Chieftn Oev 13 ll'a C hild W orld 
8 iv * C hristiana lOe 
4v* Cinema F iv l l 
I % C in e ra m a 
5% C ircleK 
6o 
9 
4% C itation 4ob 
7% C ityG sFI 
68 
5 
1% C la rk e lOe 
6 
6% Clarkson 
2o 
J 
3'a C larostat 
6 
7 
Clausing 
64 
8 
4% Clopay 
Ue 
12% Coachmn 

9 
11V, 
21'/, 
4% 
IO'/, 
3 '* 
IO '* 
2V, 
14'* 
13% 
5 
4 V, 
12% 
3% iv , 
13% 
1o 
9% 
21% 
1% 
A7, 
6'/, 

1o% 
26% 
35 
2 '* 
31 
7% 
48 
6% 
59 5 32 3 32 
535 
3% 
2% 
2 '* 
7% ll'/ , ll'/ , 
6'/* 
3% 
14'* 
5 
4% 
15% 
6% 
3% 
6% 
6% 
7% 
17 

,41o 
133 
2 x2o 
92 
ISO 
17 
,43o 
,7$ 

13% 
15% 
4o% 
I ’* 
JVI 
3% 
46% 
S '* 
78% 
13% 
58% 
4 "a 
17 
18'/* 
2% l l 
1% 
41 
51 
6% 
1*1* 
2% 
13% 
85 
23'/, 
23 
IV, 
14613 16 
68 
2 

17% 
1%15 16 Cohen 
H alfd 
3% 

42% 
3V* 
13% 
17 

Cohulnc 
7 
12‘ a Coleman 
68 
2' , Colon Coml 
3% ColwetlC 
32 
3 16 C o lw M tg w t 
31 % Commco 
7 
1% Com G rp 
14 
8% ComAI! 
3oa 

6 
7 
5 
17t 18 
8 

 l l 
3968 
474 
82 
51 
.36o 
733 
6274 
26 
7o 
847 
34 
IO 
5 
61 
17 
22 
14 
35o 
79 
15 
4o3 
36 
46 
81 
IO 
33 
66 
IO' a Com M tl 
6ob l l x51 
3% C om odrlnt 
6 
6% CoPsycC 2oa 
16'/* ComPS 
162 
8 
2 V, Com pac Cp 
5 
6’', 
4 
Compo Ind 
2% 
I '* CompuDyn 
3 l l 16 Compot ‘ Inst 
3 '* 
% Com put Inv 
6% Conchem 
5o 
4% Conc rd Fab 
5% Conder Crp 
J U Coonily Con 
8 ', Conrock 
6o 
2% Conroy lOe 
6% GonOil Gas 
7% ConsRet 
6o IO 
3 ', Consyne Cp 
13 
% Cont M ater 
13 
% ContTel wt 
IAH Cooking 
4o IO 
11 ’ n Cook PV 4oa 
7 
2' , Cooper Jar lOe 
2% Cordon 
In tl 
13 

 l l 
2o 
5% 

13% 
16% 
IOU 
4% 
I I H 
5% 
13% 
1o% 
9% 

75 V* 
15% 
S ', 

17 
93 
52 
189 
12 
Bl 
17 
4o 
61 
1o3 
568 
78 
25 
3 
691 
3o 
7o4 
111 
54 
3o7 

18 
13% 
11% 
28% 
3% 
4% 
I 
3% 
I 16 
19 
6% 
2% 
19% 
41% 
IO'* 
34% 
7 '* 
6 
14 

13% 
5% 

9 
Core Labs lOe 1o149 
IO' , Cor en co 
8o 
23 
6% C ornelius 
4o IO 
23 
19% Corr B lk I 4o IO 
11o 
1% COSCO Inc 
28 
1% Colt Corp 
88 
9 v* C o ll C orp w t 
IV* C ourtld lOe 
. 
I v» Cousins w l 
222 
13 
CokCbl Com 17 
48 
3% C ra m rE 
U t 4oo 24 
I'a Crest Foam 
2 
12 
Crom pton 
5oe 6 59 
3o 
CroSsAT I 2o 13 145 
6% C row lM 5oa 42 
IO 
IS ', CwnCPt 
6or 
3 
97 
5V, C ro w n e r 
6 3o 
4 
Crown In 
2o IO 
3o 
5V* C rulcR 
36 2o 2257 
7% C rysllO 
4oe 
644 
4% CubicCp 
28 
6 
177 
11% C u rticp B Kl i i i 
I'jC u r f is M a t 
15e 
5 61 

5 '* 
4 
6% 
3% 
28 V* ll'/ , 
12% 
3% 
4% 
2 ll'/* 
9% 
9’ a 
2% 
1o 
3% 
11% 
7 V, 
17'a 
1% 
2% 
16% 
3% 
7% 
3 16 
36 
2V* 
IO ', 
13'* 
5'/, 
IO ', 
19% 
5% 
5V« 
1% 
1% 
2'a 
1o% 
6% 
1o% 
4% 
1o% 
4% 
11 
8% 
9'/, 
I 
1% 
17% 
15 V* 
5 ', 
3% 
18 
13% 
11% 
28% 
2% 
2% 

2 
6% ll'/* 
1o% 
5% 
3% 
13% 
4'/* 
3% 
15% 
6 V* 
3 
6 >* 
6 '* 
7 V, 
16% 
3% 
13'/* 
15% 
4o'/, 
1% 
2% 
J'/* 
45% 
4% 
75% 
13% 
57 
4% 
16% 
17% 
1% 
9% 
1% 
4o'/* 
51 
6 '* 
19% 
2'/* 
12'/, 
23’* 
IV , 
% 
1% 
5% 
3'/, 
6% 
3% 
25 
1o% 
11% 
3 
4% 
1% 
IO'/* 
8% 
9 
J'/, 
9% 
3'/, 
11V* 
7% 
16'/* 
I 
2% 
15% 
3'/, 
7'/, 
% 
35% 
2% 
IO'* 
12'/* 
5% 
9% 

Net lo a f Chg. 

9 '/*+ 
'* 
I I H — 
Va 
21'*— v* 
4%— 
'/a 
1o% + 
Vt 
3V*+ 
'* 
11V,+ 1% 
2% + 
'/* 
14'*— 
'/* 
14 
— 
'/* 
5 '* .......... 
4% + 
Va 
12% + 
%» 
3%— 
V* 
3% + 
Vt 
13%— 
Va 
1o% + 
% 
1o% + 
'/, 
26% + 4 V* 
2 
+ 
% 
7 
+ 
V* 
6 % + 
'/* 
3 32.......... 
3% + 
% 
2% + 
'* 
7 '/*+ 
Vt 
11%— 
'* 
1 1 '*+ 
'/, 
6 '/*+ 
% 
3% + 
Va 
14 
+ 
'* 
4 % + 
% 
4% + 
% 
15%— 
Vt 
6% + 
'* 
3 % + 7 16 
6 '/ * ......... 
6V*.......... 
7% + 
'/, 
16%+ 
V, 
3%— 116 
13'/*.......... 
15%+ 
% 
4o'/*— 
% 
I ' * — 
'/, 
2 '* + 
Vt 
VZ,.......... 
46% + I 
4%— 
% 
76%— av, 
13%.......... 
57 
- 
4% + 
17 
+ 

V* 
% 
'/* 
18%+ 
% 

19 
4% 
5 
V * 
I 
1% 
9% 
5% 
9% 
4 V* 
1o% 
4 V* 
IO 
7% 
8% 
% 
1% 
17 
15 
5 
3% 
16V, 
11% 
11% 
26% 
2% av, 
25 9 16 7 16 
I '* 
V* 
17% 
4 
1% 
19% 
4o 
7V, 
32V* 
6% 
4% 
14 
IS '* 
14', 
13% 
5% 

IV, 
% 
1 6', 
3% 
1% 
17% 
39% 
7% 
3o% 
6 'a 
4'/, 
11% 
13% 
13% 
13% 
5% 

2% + 
IO 
+ 
V* 
1% + 
% 
4o%.......... 
51 
+ I 
6% + 
V* 
1 9 '* + 
'* 
2% + 
'/* 
13% + 
% 
23'/* ........ iv , ........ 
% —I 16 
2 
+ 
'/* 
5H + 
'/* 
3%— 
V*' 
6%— 
'/* 
3 '/,+ 
% 
28% + 3% 
1 1 '*+ IV* 
11%— 
% 
3% + 
'* 
4% 
2 
+ 
V* 
11%+ 
% 
8%— 
'* 
9 '* — v* 
2-H+ 
V* 
1o 
+ 
% 
3H— 
V* 
11V, 
7%— 
'* 
16%+ 
% 
1% + 
V* 
2% 
% 
16'*— 
'* 
3% + 
% 
7% 
3 16+ I 16 
36 
— 
'* 
2% .......... 
IO'/, 
. 
13%+ IV* 
5 '* — 
% 
9 '* — 
% 
19%+ 
V, 
5% + 
% 
5 '/*+ 
% 
I ' * _____ 
I 
- 
% 
2% + 
H 
1o 
— 
% 
6 % + 
% 
1o%+ 
% 
4% — 
% 
1o"a+ 
V* 
4% + 
'* 
11 
+ 
% 
8% + 
% 
SH— 
"a 
I 
+ 
'* 
1 % .... 
17V *- 
% 
15 V*........ 
$ '/,+ 
% 
3%. 
17%+ 1% 
13%+ 1% 
11%+ 
% 
28%+ Ha 
2% + 
% 
2%+ 
% 
7 16+ I 16 
1 '* + 
% 
% -------- 
% 

D K F 
% P L L in c 
~f 
3115 1613 16 
2% DWG CO SOI 
4 
797 
4% 
3% 

!% — 
% 
19%+ 2% 
39H— 
% 
7H + 
% 
3o%— 
% 
6%— 
Vt 
4%— 
% 
13% + a 
14%............ 
14 
+ 
% 
13%+ 
I* 
5 '* + 
% 

% + 
'* 
4 H + 
% 

Yearly 

3-/4 
4 ? uam on 
% o 
4.^9 
...... 
8% 
3% 
Damson Oil 25 12o4 
8% 
7% 
8% + V, 
!4% 
12% Daniel 
18b 
9 228 
24% 
23'/* 24% + 1% 
“ 
WO I a (Jt 
'V 'VUU 
14. “'4 
O '* 
5 ", D a yM ln 
2oe 15 
66 
7% 
TIA 
A SA 
I. 
A, int* 
H 

H igh lo w 
5V* 
2 '* 
8% 
3% 
24’ . 
12% 
14% 
4% 
SH 
SU 
7 V* 
4 ', 
2% 
I 
16 
V , 
9 
5% 
IOU 
J 
2o' 7 
17 Vt 
8 '* 
3% 
28% 
13V, 
VZ* 
JV* 
8% 
3H 
7o 
U H 
1%11 16 

Sale* 
Net 
(hdt.) High tow la it Chg. 
4 
6 
2% 
2% 
2% 

IO 1o8o 
12% 
11% 
12'/,+ 
% 

15% 
15% 
15% 
9% Del Labs 
32b 7 
W L - I 
57* D ellw dF 
54 
12 
9 
6% 
6 H 
J I 
.«•/» 
7 
Den Tai E l 
IO 
227 
9'/* 
O '* 
V 
+ 
2o’ , 
17' , D epsltr 
1 52 
6 x 4 
2 o '* 
19% 
2o' , + I av, i i * rw>.,rp Am 
8 
121 
6% 
5% 
SH— % 
I G rp 
15 ,8oo 26% 
26V* 
2 6 ',+ V* 

7 '/,+ 
% 
7%. 
. 
IV ,.......... 

6% + 
'* 
Vt 

6 '/,+ 
% 
3%— 
Va 

3% 
16 

J ti UIUK.MI »»»v> 
OO 
478 j'/o J/4T 
VII 
15% D ifiardS t 
4o 6 
3 
15% 15% 
15%— 
V* 
I 16 D iodes in c 
42 
1V* 
I 
I 
+ 1 1 6 
1% D isFab 
IO 9 
IO 
2% 
2% 
2V*+ 
% l l ' / , D iversev 
56 8 
59 
14% 13'* 
14'*— 
'* xAa c in .. 
IAI/. l l id i i i u iverxey uo o 
,y i n 
I J / i* l l ' * 6% D ix ily n 
4oe 
5 
243 ll'/* 
1o% l l 
46 
32 
Dome P etri 
8 
217 41 
39% 4o 
26% 
13% Dom ta r 
.8o 
16 
4 
15% 
7% 
5 '* 
Don ken y 
24 
4 
19 
7% 
13% 
8% Downey 
Me 
5 
43 
1 3', 
18', 
16 
D rexU fl 1.32 
19 
18V* 
11% bv* D riv e r H arr 
2 
SH 
14 
9% D rq F a ir 
4ob 
4 
37 l l ' * 
13 16 I 
Don lop 
o6e 
4 
2917 16 
23 
12'* D uolxP d .8o 
6 
37 
15 
9 *, 
5% D urTst 
3ob 
8 
77 
7 V* 
6% 
V t 
D yn lctn o6e l l 
5o8 
4% 
8 '* 
3% D ynA m er 
6 
396 
5% l l ' . 
6 '* 
D y n e llE I 
29 
3oo 
9 ’, 
3% 
1% EAC in 
5 
3o 
3 
42'* 
16'/* E D G Inc 25c 
4 
22 
16% 
TV* 
% E agle Cloth 
62 
IV* 
19', 
13 V* E arthR es I 
9 
731 
19 
45% 
3o% EasonO 
Mb 
15 
52 
43 
25 
17 
E strnC I 4oa 
7 
I 
23V* 
6 
3 ', E a /o rE 
24 
4 
19 
5 '* 
11% 
6 
Ecodyne lOe 8 
3o2 
11% 
4% 
IV* E dm os Cp 
111 
2% l l 
7V. EDO Corp I de 
7 14 
9% 
7% 
3 ', EganM 
4o 
6 
24 
6% 
9U 
4% EnrnhP h Ma 
6 123 
6 
9V, 
4 V* E lc o rC p 12 
8x198 
VZ* 
7 
4 '* 
El Hose 
1or 
77 
5% 
AH 
1% E I Aud D 
21t 
9 
97 
3% 
14% 
9' t E lectrog 
X 
5 
7 
13% 
17% 
7 '* 
ElecEng 
28 
7 
78 
IO 
3 V* 
IV* Elect R eich 
29 
1% 
18% 
17% E le ctrn icA I l l 
92 
18% 
7% 
4 '* 
E n rg y Res 
E rnstE C 
64 
448 
7% 
M U 
6' 7 
5 
7o l l 
2U 
I ' , 
E ro Ind 
14 
34 
1% 
7 
4% Espey M fg 
4% EsqRad Me 
6 
15 
5% 
11% 
5 
17 
9% 
8% 
6% EssexCh 
32 
6xM5 
7% 
3 
IU 
E t,L a y 
3 
29 
2 

7 H + 
H 

S '* 
8 Vt 
. l l 
11'/,+ 
% 
1% i n — m a 
14% 
15 
+ I 
6% 
7 '* + 
V* 
3% 
4% + 
3* 

2% 
2H— 
'* 

17% 
18'/,+ 
>* 
41% 
42'/,+ I Va 
23V, 
' 
5’* 

2 
93* 
6 '* 
5% 
7 
4% 
3% 

5 '/,+ 
% 
11%+ IV, 
2% + 
% 
9% .......... 
6%— 
% 
5% 
. 
7 
+ 
Va 
5% + 
% 
3 V,.......... 

8 V, 
IO 
+ IV* 
1% 
1% + 
Va 
17'* 
18V, + IV* 
4% 
6 % + 1% 
IO'» 
1o%— 
Va 
. . . 
1% 
1%— 
V* 
53/* 
5% 
5V,........... 

I 7* 
2 
+ 
13% 
7V, E vanA r tor IO 
291 13% l l 
13 
+ 2% 
7% 
3% E xecutn 
271 16 
32 5 
4% 
5 
+ % 
5 '* 
2 
F D I Inc 
Ole 1o4 
112 3% 
2% 
3 '* + V* 
4% 
3 
F PA Corp 
6 
4 
3% 
4 
+ 
'/* 
7% 
4 
F a blnd 
1oe 
A 
27 
SU 
5 
5 H - 
'/* 
6% 
3% 
Fabien 
4o 
27 
M 
4U 
4 
4 — 
3 
% 
FairTex M il 
7 
1% 
I Vt 
1% 
5 ', 
1% F a irfid Nob 
27 
JU 
TV* 
VZ*— ' n 
4% 
J U 
Fairm C 
14e 
8 
8 
3 '* 
3% 
3 '* + 
% 
36% 
M % 
Falcons 
6o 
IO 
559 
36% 
35 
36% + 
1% 
8% 
4 Vt F a m D o lr 
16 
7 
53 
OH 
6' , 
6H + u 
3 ', 
1% F a m ily Rec 
4 
2o 
V t 
2% 
2’ 2 + 
Vt 
13 
8 ' , FannyF 
5oe 
7 l l ll'/* 
1o% 
1o% — 
% 
2% 
I 
Fash Fabric 
36 
IV* 
V , 
IV *.. 
16 
7% Fa yD rg Toe 
12 
67 
16 
14% 
U H ­ 
% 
16V* 
12’ j 
Fed M a rt 
6o 
5 
41 
14 
13' 2 
U H + 
Vt 
14% ll 
F e dR lty I 24 13 
Bl 
13% 
U H 
13%+ 
% 
6U 
4 
Fed Resrces 
563 
5 
4% 
5 
+ 
H 
18% 
8 
F e lm n t l?e 2o 
275 
18% 
16V* 
18'/* + 
IV , 
9'-* 
5 
Felsway 
36 
5 l l 
8 
8 
8 
— 
3H 
IV* F ib re brd wt 
M 
IV, 
I ' , 
1H + 
5% 
1% Fidel co Gin 
71 
2% 
2'/1 
2H + 
5V* 
I U 
F ilm C p Am 
4 
19 
1% iv * 
1% + 
' , 
IOU 
5 U 
F ilm w y 
85t 
7 
638 
9 H 
7% 
8% + 
% 
9 'j 
SH 
FinGen 
36b 
A 
139 
9 '* 
8 ' , 
9 '* + 
I ' , 
9 ', 
5% 
FinG nA 36b 
28 
9'/« 
8% 
9 ', + 
% 
8' , 
S '* 
FtConn 
25e l l 
22 
7 
OH 
6% + 
V* 
2 'e 15 16 Fst H a rtfrd 
7 
I ' , 
I 
I 
+1 
16 
4% 
3% F s tH rt pf 5o x6 
AH 
4 ', 
4V* + 
% 
11% 
5% 
FstSLSh 
12 34 
7o 
MV# 
1o% 
1o%— 
H 
4% 
2 ', F s tm rk 
22 
2% 
2% 
2% + 
V* 
U U 
9% 
FischrP 
481 
7 
47 ta u 
13'* 
1 4 ',+ 
Vt 
17', 
13' t FitchbG 1.44 
8 
IB 
17', 
16' 2 
1 7 ',+ 
% 
7% 
I Vt Flagg Ind 
27 
1% 
I '* 
I '* . . 
6 % 
TV, F la g sta ff 
6 
162 
4% av* 
4% + 
V* 
8% 
4% 
F lavorland 
8 
72 
7 
6% 
7 
— 
U U 
8 
F ligh tS f o9e IO 
8o3 
13V* 
U H 
12% + 
% 
1% 9 16 
= IOCk 
Ind 
3313 16 
%13 16+1 
16 
4% 
1% F la Capital 
6 
27 
AH 
4% 
4 H .. 
3% 
2% 
FlaR ck 
14 
125 
3% 
JU 
3% + 
' n 
4 ' , 
1% 
F lo w G e n 
5 
5o 
3% 
3 H 
3 ' * - 
% 
19 % 
9% 
Flowers 
54 
6 
247 
17 
15'* 
16% + 
1 
16% 
U H 
F lu k e J 
IO 
57 
IS H 
15 
15V*— 
% 
22H 
U U 
F lyD ia OII 
8 1966 
22" , 
2o% 
21% + 
1 
5% 
3% Foodrm 
4o 
5 
27 
5% 
SH 
5 '* .. 
11% 
7% 
Fo od w ys 
7x245 l l ’/* 
IO ', 
1o% — 1 
9% 
7 
FooteM 
25e l l 
44 
8 ', 
7 Vt 
7 % - 
% 
32 
28 
Foote pf 2 M 
IO 
M % 
MV* 
3o% + 
% 
93 
72% FordCan 
Sa 
5, U M 
9o 
87 
87%— IV* 
9% 
4 
Forest City o5e 
91oo 
9% 
91, 
9 H + 
% 
4% 
J U 
Forest Labs 
6 
46 
3 ', 
2% 
3 
. 
17V, 
SH 
FoxStflP 
SO IO 
322 l l ' * 
VV* 
1o% + i ’. 

6% FrankN u 36 
6 
IO 
F ra n t, 
8oa 
6 tv r f ai i ' a we, si 
• * i f * to 
15% F resnillo 4o 83 
54 
16% 
1 6', 16' 
3 H Fried m 
24b 
5 x16 
**' 

IO’ 
18 
23' 
6 
. . . 
„ . . . 
3 
I ' , Friend Frst 
12 
15 
IO ', 
6% F rig tm p 
551 7 
316 
11% 
7 
Frischs 
3ob 8 
7 
BV, 
5% F ro n tie r 
A ir 6 
175 
33* 
1% Front Air 
WI 
22 
G-H-l 
12 
479 
21 
SS 

3% 
8 
3 % + 
'., 
8 
— 
17 
IS 
173/* ie 
+ 
% 

4 
IS 16 G IT Ind 
8'a 
2 
GR ICP 
I ' , 
I 
GSC En 
42c l l 
“ 
■ % G TI 
Corp 
5% G abriel 
4o 5 
G alaky Cpl 
*9 
UOIOAf 
V, 
JA 
J 
% rf 
J 
— 
7 
G aran 
44a 
6 
279 
11% 
1o% 
1 1 '*+ I 

I' _ 
13'* 
V t 
11% 
. 
----- 
3% 
I '* G arcia Corp 
5% 
2% G arland Cp l l Va av* G atesLrjet 
S '* 
■' 
“ 
2% 
3% 

1% 
3% 
I' * 
2' a 

5% 
5 H - 
% 
1% 
1% + v* 
9 '* 
9% — 
% 
8 
8 
+ 
Va 
6 ', 
7 '* + 
% 
2% 
3 
+ 
V* 

46 
13% 
12% 
12' 

I'/« 
I '/*— 
'* 
3% 
J '* . . . 
I 
1% + 
% 
1% 
2% + 
% 

4% 
5 
+ 
I '* 
'* 

2% 
3 '* 
2% + 
% 
3 '* + 
'/* 
4 
241 l l ' . 
8% l l 
+ 2 
1% G aylord lOe 
3 
24 
AH 
4 
1, G aynor Stat 
“ * 
S tjj 
1% On E rnp 
I6r 
H H 16 
1% 
1% 

4 '* + 
% 
U + J 16 
2 '* + 
% 
, . 
I ni u n c m p ior v 
I a r a-r 
*x 
9 'a 
3% Gem E xplor 13 3195 
9’ a 
5% 
8% + 2% 
I '* G Housewar 
% Gen Rec ra t 
3% 
1% Genpe 
Inc 
7 
2 
. . 
. 
4% iv * Geon Ind 
6 
2' i Gerber Sci l r * 
13 V* G iantFd la 

 l'a Genisco Tch 
J 
29 

2% 
J % 
I '* 15 16 
2% 
2% 
1% 
1% 
4% 

2% 
I ' * + 5 16 
2% 
'* 
V ',+ 
I . 
1H— 
% 

8% 
3% G ia n tv e l 
86 
165 
7 , 
1o% 
2V, 
G ladding Cp 
169 
43* 
5% 
2' 1 G iasrock Pr 
55 
3% 
38 
26'/, 
G la tfltr I 8o 6 
114 38 

48 
18% 
17 v, 
17%— 
% 
6 % + 
. . . 
4 V*— 
% 
3% 
3 H — 
% 
36 
36 
+ 
% 

6 
4% 

4'om ptete nationw ide <*ovnpolite prices 
New York stocks 
Kxc’luttivo in San Antonio 

( f i n t i n u r d f r o m P a n e 7( 
S-T-U 

Yeorly 
High la w 

23% 
16% 
41% 
58% 
» % 
5o% 
57 
31% 
62% 
6% 
63 * 
4o' , 
27% 
43% 
24% 
13% 
25% 
153. 
143* 
U H 
16 , 
38% 
51% 
15% 
29% 
38% 
31% 
74% 
4o% 
52% 
49 % 
41% 
593. 
8o% 
6o 
9 H 
7 
16% 
33% 
IO ', 
2 2 ’* 
12% 
5o% 
9% 
JI 
6> / 
16 
26H 
36'« 
26'a 
14 
63% 
15% 
JI 
13% 
26% 
15% 
45% 
5o% t i t 
6%« 
49 
51 
JO'* 
37% 
53 
13% 
34% 
341% 
7% l r * 
4o% 
7H 
19%Kl 
7% 
19% 
11% 
I * ' 7 
-86% 
78 
3J% 
8 l l 
IJ H ae% 
47% 

14% So Cal E 
1 68 
7 344o 
13% SoulhCO I 46 IO 6336 

Sole* 
(h d t I H igh lo w 

31% Sr InGE 2 52 
463* So n We*. 1 85 
6 
32% SoNwEnTI 3 
* 
43' * SONE pf 3 82 
52’ , V iNE pf4 62 
3o 
SouPac 
2 24 
6 
5o% SouRy 
2 32 1o 
5 ', SouRv pf 
5o 
S II* SouR y pf A 3 
27' i SoUnCo I 64 
6 

43 
576 
126 
9*5 
,3o 
1366 
412 
135 
12 
248 
Soumind 
5ob 13 462 
SouRoyl 
68 
17% SwtBksh 
I 
6' a Swst For 
2o 
16% S w tFl p f) 5o 
11% SwPbSv I IO 
93, SprtnFd 
6% Sparfon 
4o 
IO 
Sperry Hut I 
JI 
S prryH pf 
3 
38% SoerryR 
92 IO 4*o5 
1o% SpnngM 
75 
8 
89 
2o% Squa ru I IO 16 
677 
26% Squibb 
96 12 1184 
18% Staley M fg I 
4 1186 
21% Si Poor 192a 
17o 
77 
St Brand I 28 12 IU * 
46 
StdBi pf I SO 
,26o 
34% StBPaint 
4o “ 
29% StdO'ICI 2 JO 
4o% StOiHnd 2 JO 
*!< • StO’IOh I 16 
48 so on pf3 75 
5% StdP/ess 
4o 
5% StdPrud 
66 
9V* S ta n d *! 
8(1 
JI 
StanWk I 12a 

21 
322 
I 4o91 
9 3711 
22 1152 
,3o 
299 
147 
54 
64 n x 
43 
174 
467 ii 

I ] 

IO 

6% Stanray 
8o 
16'a S ta tre lt I 12 
1o% St .AAU’ I OS 
41' 1 S tauH h I 44 
6' a SH. chi 
48 
IS 
Ste, Drug 
7o l l 2286 
4% S H rlP re 
Ole 6 
4o5 
8% Sterndnt ai IO 
119 
17% Steven J 
I 2o 
5x915 
23% StewWa I 96 
8 
191 
18 a SIOK VC 
I 2o IS 
,16 
,93o 
181 
5 
96 
* 
1*5 
7 
287 
7 
2*8 
6 
112 
5 1177 
39 

» 3 . S iokVC p l I 
46 % SloneW 
2 5o 
12 
St on Con 
56 
13'* S 'dp Sh OO 
I 
9 
Shy Tee ,671 
21H Storer B 
I 
W * S irid R ite IO 
36% StuWor 
I 12 
3o' ) St W pf A l 4o . 
64 
Sly We pf BS 
J1* Suav She 
Ole 
U H Sob P r© I Od 
11% SonChm 
4o 
36% SunCo 
2 l l ' * SunCo pt7 25 
JOH Sunpm 
I OB 
I 
17 
Sundvlr 
I 
353* Song*, p f I 5o 
9 ' 1 S unsM g 
14 
421 
16%-SuperVal 
66 ll 
148 
SuprOII I 8o 2o 
5 'a SupmxG 
IO 
6 
14' , Supai pf I 3o 
I* 
Super*cpe 
6 
4 
Sutro M fg 
1o% Swank la 
I 
16% Syoton 
*4 
33% $ 

J I 
16% 
4 IV, 
55 
3 9 '. 
5o% 
56 
36' a 
*2% 
6% 
62 
36’ a 
273, 
42' > 
23 
9% 
213, 
IS ', 
U H 
U k* 
16' > 
31% 
43'a 
U H 
28H 
29% 
21H 
24% l l ' * 
52' I 
42% 
41' a 
59H 
78 
6o 
I 
6% 
17% 
32% l l ' , 
22% 
IJ H 
49% 
«% 
17 
4% 
I I H 
19% 
361 4 
73H 
12'* 
57% 
IS '. 
16% 
I I H 
26% l l ' * 
44% 
49H 

5%i 
49 
51 
25 
3* 
SI 
IJ H 
JVI 
2 4 ', 
142 237 
25 7 
7 H 

S ytyn pf2 4o 
4% Syktron 
17' a Tlcpr 
6% TRE 
Corp 
J6H TRW m 
I 4o 
TRW pf4 4o 
9 
TRW pl4 5o 
23% I a tt B rd 
8o 
1% Tai co lt Nat 
6% Talley 
6o 
8% Tai ley pf 6 
I 
IS'-, Tam pE I I IJ 
26 t Tandy Corp 
42% 
37H Tandy wd 
J I H 
11V, T a n d y c rtt 
5% Tappan 
JO l l 
1 e th n .tr 
3o 
OH Techm coir 
9 fe c n n ito n 
44V* T e ktro n * 
» 
SH Tat acor 
M 
23% Teledr, 
I 4S« 
62 le ie d y n pf 6 
SH Teteprm pt 
1% Tete* CP 
26 
Tanned 
I t t 
, 
_ 
9 7 i, Tonne pf 5 SO t8‘. 
U H I e w e Pet I 

 l l ' 

I ? , 
4 *H 
7 
19% ton 
M- 
I I H 
4% 
373, 
139 , 

14 
434 
1o I79| 
J I* 
7o 
9 
87 
4* 
5 
131 
IU 
9 1177 
11 243* 
.. 
297 
' 
751 
1o 
491 
I t 6o5 to 
11 
271 l l 
426 
* 
226 
J 79o 

27H 
16% 
4o3k 
53% 
» % 
5o 
56 
35% 
4o% 
6' * 
613* 
34% 
26% 
41 
22% 
8% 
J I ', 
14% 
IJ H 
13 
16 
37 
39H 
IJ H 
27 
78% 
19H 
74% 
29V, 
51 
4o% 
39% 
56% 
74% 
6o 
TH 
6% 
16H l l ' , 
U H 
22% 
IU * 
47' , 
1% 
IS H 
SH 
11 
I I H 
35 
» • * 
12 
55 
14% 
ISH io n 
2$% 
IJ H 
43 V* 
48 
95 H 
4% 
J IH 
27' a 
46H 
48% 
24 V. 
35 
S IH l l 

Jt 
7 H 
17% 
19% 
7H 
I I H 
I I H 
9 
5% l l ' , 

 la t l Chg 
22 H 
' 
I IH 4 v 
4 l', ~ 
V 
53'+— I 
U H - 
' 
5 o '*+ v 
56 
+ 
V 
36 
+ 
' 
I I H — 
V 
6H 
62 
3 5 '/*- 
77 
42 
2 2 H 
9 H 
2 1 '.— 
15'* f- 
1 2 H - 
13% + 
I I H * 
38% * 
4o% u - 
J I 
+ 
U H ­ 
U H 
24% t 
1o% 
57% * 
4o3* 
4 o % - 
S6H- 
75' a - 
6o 

11 

2 H 
H 

31% ll+ « 
43% 
41H 
J IH 
31% l l 
47% 
14 
139% 
9% 

3o% 
22 

_ . I MOC pf 2 I* 
23% Texaco 
2 
34% TexCom 1 1o 1 
5 % Ta. Eat 
I IS 
24% T x f T pf2 4o 
27% TxE T pt2 87 
8 
Tex G irt 
J 
% T a r 
------- 
„ . 
+ G i pf I 5o 
I I H Tex ind lh l l 
93' a Tex Ina! 
I 32 25 
SH Tex Int 
14 
1 |H Tex ( X ii 
2o l l 
17 
TxP cLd 
15e I* 
5o 
17 
T e xU til 
I 32 IO 5171 

7% 
19% 
19H 
J» , 
6% 
19% 
«% 
17% 
85% 
76% 
XV* 
4'a 
9' , 
IJ H 
2o % 
42% 
47*. 
15% 
I I H 
37% 
SH 
13 
68%tI'* 
1? lo t 1, U t . 

 l l 1o*9 k 
VZ 
9 2*5o 
16% 
36% 
6 134% 114 
I 2777 
12% 
TSH i f * *s:: 
41% 
28% 
31'a 
47% 

16% 
14 
74% 
29% 
5% 
9'a 
IJ H 
19% 
4o% 
41% 
IS H io n 
IS H 
I ' * 
U H 
ASH 
TH 
*5% 

9121f t 
I III I 
196 
32o 
IJJ 
6*7 

1o7 
IS '* 
1773 1o2', 
24S6 
9% 
843 

37% 
27% Texaglt 
I 2o IO 148, 
SH 
J 
Texfr md 
179 

37% 
W Hr 

 a 1 
W H 
22 
3o% 
4' > 

24% 

37 
39%si: 
46% 
46 
14% 
95% 
9% 
»H 

7% 
1% 
% 
J7. 
1H 
I 
T H - 
% 
* H * 
U H 
' • 
J I H - 
% 
17% 
22% - 
% 
IJ 1, + 
46%-• 
B H * l * 'e - 
*'% -- 
11% - 
19 
- 
16 
+ a 
+ i i 
- ss 
- 
U "e ~ 
I* 
+ 
% 
I I H - 
H 
2 S H - 
V. 
IJ H * 
U 
4 4 '*+ I 
49% * J 
9 9 + 4 fax r 
S h — 1 
49 
- 1 
24% 
35 
51% 
12V, 
.22% 
224 
7% l l 
I f ' * — t% + u % + 
1 id 7* — i l l 
- 
' 
6 H + 
' liv e — 
J 
9% + 
1 
J7 H + 
' 
95 
+ I 
7* 
+ I 
3 o '* + 
1 
*>* + 
9% ... 
U H + 
I9% ~ 
42% * i 

 i * H + " 
1 o % - 
37% * 
1 
I 1* — 
' ir 3 i * + 
1 
66 
3' r n 
- 1 
• H e 
1 iv * . 
,rt, 
» * ' * + 1 
BSP ! 

H 
% 
V . 
1% l l 

JH 

Yearly 
High la w 
(h d t I High lo w lo af Chg. 

U H 
18' 1 
9 a 
19% 
19 , 
19 v* 
23’ . 
59% 
16% 
6% 
14 
7*' I 
19'* 
8% 
14 * 
367a 
37% 
15% 
IV '* 
U H 
HU 
23H 
19% 
U H 
28% 
U 
76% 
38% 
44% 
72H 
32% 
15% 
16% 
73 
32 
I5H 
15 
» % 
73'a 
,9 a 
79 , 
IV 
31 
15% 

15% 

8o 
7H Thom In 
7% Thom J W 
4% T h rrttD q 
4o 
15% T1 a w l M r 
4o 
1o% Tiger Int 
4o 
JI' , Tim etnc I 15 
U H Tim eM rr 
6o 
36% Tim kn 2 » « 
9' , Trad R lty 
4 H TobinP 
I5e 
7' , Todd Shipyd 
72% ToiEdra 2 12 
IO 
TonkaCp 
48 
6% TootRol 
4ob 
4% Tracor 
2o 
19' / T r.neC o I o8 IO 
184 
29 
Tran Un 176 l l 
5o7 
37% 
36% 
37 
+ 
7% TrenaW A ir 
27 1654 
12% 
11% 
1J% + 

IO 
36 
17% 
12 
8 
213 
II H 
U U ll 
275 
9 
HH 
6 
157 
19 
ISH 
H I42S 
IJ H 
U U 
13 van 
IAU 
IAU 
U 
4o2 
23 
7 2 * 
9 
164 
ST , 
51 
SJ 
4o6 
IAH 
16 
14 
6 
5% 
172 
IO 
BH 
9x*V3 
75% 
25 H 
* 
176 
U U 
11% 
IO 
19 
I H 
7 '. 
7 
561 
12’ 2 
M U 
36% 
34'a 

12 
— 
17% + 
8% . 
11%+ 
1 1 ',+ 
3 6 H - 
22%— 
SIV,— 
16'* + 
6 
+ 
* ' . + 
25%— 
12 
— 
7H + 
12%+ 
34H 

U H TWApt 
2 
8% Transom 66 
65 
Trans pf4.5o 
2oh T ra n lnc I 92 
8% Tranaco 
9o 
8 
8 
Tran sen 
52 
8 
2 5 ', T rG P Lp f ? 5o 
6% Tran OHE 
» 
5 
U H Tranw y I 4o 
I 
25 
T ra v is 1o8 l l 4*25 
32% T ra ve lr p f j 
. 
215 
18% TriCon I 56e i l l 
29V* TriC n pf2 X 
9 
7% T i* n In d 
72 
6' , TriangP c 
4oe 2243o 
15% T rrn ly ln 
IO 
5 
5o6 
24'* I roprcan 
X 2o 
3o2 l l ’ , TutSOnG I o8 9 1455 
8% TwenCen 
5o 
9 1941 
11% T y c o la b 
4o 12 1783 
U 
T yle r Corp 5o 
7 7o2o 23 
71'a UAL mc 
*o 
X54 
2, 
21% UAL pf 
4o 
13’ i UG ICp 
I 4o 
77 
UGI pf 
2 75 
1o% UMC in d 
I 
% UMC T Tr 
IO 
UGP 
22e 
19% U V lnd 
I SO 
56% U V In pf 5 5o 
24 
U V m pf I 26 
U H UAHCO I X 
7 H Unarco 
4o 
21% U nrlLI I Ole 
39% U ntN V 2 Boe 
8’ 1 UnBancp 8* 
56’ / UCam p I 4o l l 
927 
55% UnCarb 2 » 
9 24*7 
6 
Un Commrc 

29 
I t 
9 439o 
U H l l 1o6 
1o7 
J IH 
I 1o37 
19% 
I 
84 
11% 
. IOO 
29% 
137 
I I H 
221 
23'* 
37 
43 
22H 
SJH 
9' , 
16% 
21‘a 
31'a 
U H 
I I H 
2o% 

* 
1o2 
,2o6o 
« 
U7 
ISI 
49o 
4 
111 

26' , 
19 
31 
15 
2H 
15'a 
17% 

3 
o 
77 
5 
153 
* 
* 
* 
19 
U 1562 

461 
Union Corp 
UnEiec 
I lo 
14 
ISO b n 
6 
S u u io u 
IS > 
Un El p l 3 SO 
ZUO 
41 
4o 
Un E l pf 4 SO 
,15o 
SJU 
Si rn 
U n it pf 6 4o 
,399o 
76 
7) * 
U n it pf 2 7J 
48 
31 
I 
* 
UnEl pf 7 44 
I 
17 
85 /, 
U n E I/lp f 
I 
Un 
F idelity 
4 
91 
•9 
• bb 
5% 
5 

42 
25% 
11% 
37 
5o% 
U H 
*7% 
76% 
9% 
W H 
U H 
12'1 
41 
33 
52'* 
44 
7* 
41 l l 
26% 
87% 
77 
91 
76 

59% 
4o% UnOCai 2 
H H 
------ 
1o2% 
17% 
U H Un Pac pi , 
2H11 16 U n io n , Inc 
_ 
♦O’ , t% Um royal 
» 1*5)525 
84% 
71 U niryar p f! ,183o 
I I H 
SH Unit Brands l l 
274 
♦O' t 
7' , U ni ICO 
U t 
245 
28% 
U U ngnR s I 12 
5 1o26 
13% 
5% U t m eal 
24 7 
367 
U H 
7% Un G uarnty 
IS 23o 
27% 
22H UlllufTt 2 44 
9 1|5 
25% 
24 U lllu m p l2 X i n k 
24% 
9 H U n itin g too 
I 
IU 
U H 
*% Urn tin p f 
42 
46 
7% 
4' a U m tln n 
IO 7 
1*1 
IJ H 
9% U JOT Bk 
1o4 
9 *63 
I I H 
9% Un if M M 
4o 
U t 
41% 
I5 H Un 
N uclr l l 17*2 

39 
22% 
I I H 
J *H 
5o% 
U H 
66H 
62% 
o% 

17 
U H 
1o5 
23% 
I I H 
I I H 
27% 
1o% 
22% 
34% 
42 
JIH 
32% 
* 
U H 
» '* 
JOH 
15% 
IO ', 
17% 
2o% 
26% 
26%r 
U H 
2% 
U U 
I I H 
64% 
37 
2o% l l 
29% 
4 *H 
U H 
61% 

 tv 

_ l l 

U O C , pf 2 VO 
I'6 3 59% 
SS 
76% 
53 
H 
U Pac CP I 4o l l 1141 1o2'. 
13% Un Pac p f 47 ,. 
I I 
17% 

17% + 
14% 
IQS 
+ i i ' * — 
I t Va— 
1 1 '*+ 
28 
+ 
IO7* — 
23% - 
35 
4 
2I% — 
H 
3 2 ',+ 
H 
9% + 
% w % + 1% 

» ' - p 
'* 
IS H ... 
1o%+ 
H 
2 o ',+ iv , 
23 
+ 
% 
26H—• 
H 
2 6% * 
% 
Ti'-*— 
% 
31 
+ 1 
U H 
. . .. i i i .......... 
15 
♦ 
H( 
32% + 
% 
64% * 
% 
37%— 4% 
I J H * 1% 
I I H * 
'* 
29% + 1% 
4 9 % - 
% 
1 3 ',+ 
% 
6 2 H - 4 
5 9 H - 1% 
I H + IE 
6 H + 
% 
16% + 
H 
41 
+ I 
5 2 '*+ J 
7* 
+ 1H 
JOH + 
H i? 
— 
H 
91 
+ 2% 
S H + 
H 
59% 
H 
74% 
99% IOO’ , - 
17% 
17' 

26% 
39% 
W H 
I 
12% 
3H 

1% U m iP k M in 
*7 
IOU Uni IR eta 
56 
9 
IS 
USFqS Tole 
33% USFidG 2*4 IJ 
U% USGyps I *o l l 
22' 1 USG / ut I IO 
US Mom 
.I* 
3% USing 
4o 
6% USLeavg 
32 
1H US R lty ln v 
19% US Shoe I JO 
45% USStaai MO 
19% USTobac 
I l l 
2S2 
W H Un Tech I JO 
I 4161 
H3% UnTach pf« 
. 
J71 
1o4 
Un Tch pf7 12 
7117 
14 
Uni Tel 
I X IO U U 
19% 

5*5 
82 va 
1347 
1o68 
19 
9 UTI l l 3o2o 
6 474 
458 

1 
* 3 
* 4373 

2o% Tax Iron I 2o 
* 1481 27% 
W H Je*»r p f i S 
.. 
M i 
»•-* Texrr p f! 4o 
., W M 
12% Tmc/koI 
84 7x1121 
2o% 
19% a t 
Thorn am rn n 171 
» Z 

4 V, 
26‘* 
3 3'* 
24% 

»% + 
% 
Jo H + 
H 
A7 
— 
*• 
46 
— 
% 
I* . 
% 
96% 
6 
9 H + 
U 
J7% + 
Ii 
% 
21 « 
U 
J9%» 
Vt 
4U + 
V, 
2 6 % - 
% 
3 3 ',.. 
Ila 
24% 
% 
197,+ 
'4 
ZEH- 
H 

28% 
WU 
1,5% 
U* 
■Hi a 
2% 
J IH 
24% 
* H 
15% 
J IH 
4#% 
.. _ 
. _____ 
_ 
„ 
. 
843 ' I / 
12% 
9% 
U stile * 
94a .. 
47 U U 
41% 
27% U tanP L I 12 IO 1237 45% 
U H 
29% UtPL Of JJP , 
126 ],% 

• v - w 
- x ; 

9 H 
OU 
84% 
83% 
IO 
8% io u 
IO 
M U 
26v* 
12% l l ' . 
14% 
U U 
27% 
26'1 
25 
24'• 
24% 
JJU 
14% la 
SH 
J U 
U H 
U U 
11% 
U H 
36'* 
1 4 * 
4 
J H 
12% 
11% 
I I H 
17', 
54% 
52% 
26% 
25 
M % 
27% l h 
TH 
I 
TH 
11% 
1o% 
3>« fH 

 r a 

24% 
47 
{S H 
M u 
174 
ITO ', 

IH 

I 
9 % + 
'» 
8 4**+ IV* 
• H — 1% 
W H . 
* * '+ — 
U H * 
% 
I J H - 
% 
26% + 
I* 
25 
+ I 
23%+ 
% 
14%+ 
>, 
5 H + 
V, n % + 
% u h .......... 
IS H * 
1% 
4 
+ 
% 
U H — 
H 
W% + 
ZZ V 

. Un. Tai r 
B P 
21% Ur.Tet pf I 5o 
MIU Un Ti 3pfl 5o 
. 
4' i Un trod 
.1o IO 
9% Un,vee 
56 
7 
MC , UnLeaf 
I 5* 
7 

I H 

 si 
ITO 
71 
346 
34% U p jo hn I o8 11x144o 39 
U H U 5 LIE E 
4o I 

2% 

 n % 
7% 
1o% x % 

27 
T H - 
7 % - 
11% + 
J% + 
2 4% - 
471*— 
2 5 '-*- 
39% 
IM H — 
116% 1l*% + 
19% 
W H — t 1* n 
— 

Y early 
Ktgh la w 
S ate, 
Mel 
(h d t.) H igh la w lo t i Chg 

48% 
39 
Va EP P U U 
57 
45' , V aE P p!4 8o 
4o 
49 
V aE P pf 
5 
89 
7 2 ', V aE P PU 72 
1o1 
83 
V aE P PU 84 
1o8% 
98 
V aE P PUTS 
31% 
27% V aE P pt2 9o 
89 
72' , VE72 pf 7 72 
364 
82% 
*7% V aE P pf7 2o 
,55o 
85% 
7 2 ', V aE P p*7 45 ,275o 
BH 
4% Vornado inc IO J U 
18% Vulcan M Ir I IO 
82 
42% WabR pt4 5o 
,2oo 
16% W achova 5o IO 
576 
39' . Wach pl2 2o 
2% Wach R lty l l ’ j W alM art 
IO l l 

28% 
1*% VFCp 
I IO 
W H 
I I H VSlCprp 
6« 
9% 
6 
V alley m 
4o 
U U 
U 
V arian 
28 
IJ H 
4% Vero mc (Me 
6% 
J U Van do Co 
J 
3% Venice 
» 
15 
12% V ernia 1 1le 
W H V aftc ion 
11% 
7' i V iacom Int 
I 
3% V ictor Cm 
o5e 
139 
15% 
IJ H V aE P w I 14 
9 23*4 
S i' a 
4o 
V eB P P44.o* .. 
,1o 

I 
I I I 
I 
42 
I 9o4 
12 2615 
4 
71o 
97 
4 l l 

 to , . !? 
I I 
432 

72% 
W H m 
U U 
9% 
SH 
4% 
U H 

VoH 
7% 
U H 
44% 

 io u 
29% 
27% 
U H 
U U 
44'* 
33% 

IVZ 
7% 
14% 
IV , 
SU 
4 U 
U U 
19% 
9 H 
7% 
IS H 
OOH 

T a 
1o'% - 
1o 
- 
U H * 
U H ­ 
U H + 
45 
+ 
J 3 H + 

77% + 
H 
U H — 
% 
• H + 1% 
1 6 '*+ IU 
I H 
% 
SH — v, 
4 H + 
% 
14H + 
% 

 f t , 
7 W ... 
U H 
. 
4 4'* + 
H i 

29 
53 
23 
IOU 
5% 
17% 
17% 
33% 
24% 
22' i 
37' , 
44', 
12% 
48 io n 
U H 
27% 
3o% 
27 
96 
52 
1o% 
JOH 
22 
2o% 
35 
21% 
26'« 
U U 
15% 
8% 
JO 
J 
U% 
9% 
IOU 
M u 
I T , 
IOU 
56 
42% 
27% 
U H 
X U 
U H 
15% 
19% 
2o% 
52% 
57 
*5 
27% 
1 9'I 
41% 
37% 
2Su 
49% 
6 6 * 
25% 
76% 
23% 
61 
51% 
M U 
27% 
W H 
17% 
9'a 
25% 
6% 
14% 
7% 
79 
7% 
46' * 
9% 
I I H l l 
'o6% 
97% 
21% 
X 
22% 

3o 
73% 
71% 
C a 

1o% 

B u 
39U 
4% 
86% 
U H 
IU . 
6% 
W H 
U U 

IJ H W algrn 
I IO 
24 
W lk rA I 4oa 
W H W all Bus 
« 
I I H W all Mu 
I 
22% W alM p fl X 
28' * W all Jim I X 
IOU W a ll J pl 
I 
J IH W all J p l! 6o 
5% W ardFd 
471 
S '* W a rneco 
15 
W rnc pf I X 
U U W arns 
I JO 
U H W rnCom 
6o 
63' , WrnC p!4 25 
35 
WrnC p fl 25 
* ' J Wimer CO 6o 
2 7 ', W arnerL 
I 15 2326 l l 
WashGs I N 17x116 
'OH Wash Na! BO 
7 
25 % W atN pf? 5o 
U U W ase S'! 
I 
6 
19' j W atW at I 76 
8 
6*k W asteM lOe 12 
32 14 

14 
49o 
46o 
172 
6o 
84 
55 
I 
911 
,2xoo 
US 
96 
169 
I 
1*9 
I U 
16 
I 
U3 

 ta 
W atkinJ 

,1o9o 
47H 
,298o 
57 
,68o 
6o 
,5o 
87 
,33o 1o1 
122o KW 
111 
31% l l 
W H 
IS H 
5% 
26% 
P 
21 
56% 
4H 
U % 
17% 
28% 
21 '* 
21% 
IS H 
39% 
12'* 
42% 
*>+ 
V t 
W H 
X H 
24% 
96 
52 
To h 
3 H 
22 
2oH u 
21% 
TSH 
I I H 
24'* 
7 '* 
19% 
4% l l 
9 '* 
IOU 
26V* 
27% 
IOU 
55% 
41 
27'* 
1o% 
JOH 
IS 
15% l l 
2oH 
SJH si'* 
63nu 
I I H 
4o 
W U 
JJU 

45 
4 7 '+ - 
55% 
57 + 
57% 
6o * 
87 
97 + 
IOO', 1 o o ',+ 
1o7’ * 1o7% 
J IH 

 l l 27o2 
* 
J ! 
I 131o 

591 
71* 
672 
26o 

4 % WayGos 
U % WayG p it 4o 
4 
Wean Unit 
IO 
13% Wea pt2 Wk 
SH W eelhrd 
5o 
7 
3% Webb Del 
E 
19% W eisM kt 
72 
U H W etlsFrgo I 
5% Well EM S4e 22 
1*1 
47 i W IP P p t4 » 
,59o 
S ' . W 'P f Pep 2 4o 
I l|4 l l U W s td T r I 94 
9 
7 
» U W nA irL 4oa l l 
686 
17% WnBnc 
I 4o 
9 
11% W nNor A 
4ob 5 
* w n P a t md 
7 
12% W nPubl 8ob 
6 
_ 
U U W Union I 4o l l 1224 
44 
W nUn pf4 6o 
24 
45 
VV nun pt4 9o 
* 
54 
W nUn pf 
6 .. 
A 
25 
WnUn p f! 56 
*5 
13 
W ettgE I 
97 
7 4677 
43' -I W est* p fl BO i39o 
24% W sfvaco I X 9 
4 » 
U H Weybrg I 36 
5 
U 
37 
W eyerhr 
X 25 3433 
S$v* Weyr pf 2 W 
426 
W 
Wheel F r 
6oa l l 4o3 
62 
W helLE 
5 75 y IOO 
16 
Wheel PT Stl IO 
165 
53 
W h e lpit pf 6 
,»yo 
44% Wbel P it pf 5 
,67o 
22 
W hirlpot 
IO l l 
5o9 
W' a W hiieCont la 
6 747 
35 
WhiCn pfA J 
I 
34*. W h ite ptC3 
J 
JU W hite Mot 
437* 
U H W hiting 
I X 
6 xS4 
J 
WM I fla k e r I t 
43o 
9% Wickes 
I i r 
IO IM * 
4 
WiebdtSt 
32 
I 
ISO 
» 
W illm sC o* I IO 27o5 
SH W itshrO 
12e 
9x14*7 
36% W m nDx I 56 U 
19o 
4'a Winnebago 
24 
79o 
U U W inter J SOe 
7 127 
24% Wise E IP * 2 IO 
531 
» 
W isE pf 19o 
, 
I4 U WisE pf 7 75 
U 
WisGas 
I X U 
25% Wi»G Pf 2 SS 
U U Wise P l 
I IO IO 
U U Wise PS 
I 46 9 
JOH W ilco 
I 4o 
7 
S I*, W ilco pf J *5 
X 
W itt, D 
6o 
3% Wen yr W lOe 
IOU Wometcd 41 
I 
$’ » WoodCp IO* 
5 
U H WoodPef 
SO l l 
X * Wolyyth 
I X 
7 
31% Woiyv pf 2 2o 
J U W o rtd A ir 
TS 
64 u W rlg l y 2 4oa 
9 
SU W urltzer 
4o 
5 
6% W ylem 
6o 
12 
IU W yly Corp 
4o% XeroxCp I X 1335o4 
7> I X tra inc (de I t IWO 

— Y - Z 

257 a 
74 
X 
61 
51% 
27% 
27 
39% 
17H 
I U 
227a 
6% 
14% 
7% 
25% 
7% 

31 
M 
79V* 
13% 
SH 
26 
52H 
19% 
55% 
4 
14 
17% 
28% 
21 
2o% 
IS H 
37 
I I H 
4 o ', 
5% 
7 
19 
29% 
26% 
92 
57 
• H 
X V , 
21 
19% 
33% 
I IH 
25 
12H 
22H 
7% 
H H 
4H 
IS H 
9% 
9% 
JOH 
26% 
9% 
55 
4o% 
27 U 
9% 
29% 
U H 
14 
17% 
I I H 
51% 
S5H 
62 
26% 
17% 
4 4 ', 
29% 
22% 
43% 
61' t 
24 H 
73 l l'a 

25% 
25% 
3o% 
17% 
7 
22 
* 
IJH 
6H 
24% 
*H 

% 

2 
2% 

% 

89 
79'/*— 
•5 H + 
5% 
26% * 
H sv i+ 
•* 
19%— IV, 
55'/*— I '* 
4 H + 
' > 
14'*— I 
U h — 
' , 
28%— 
% 
21% 
2o% 
35' * 
37 
I I H 
4o%— I ' , 
* 
— 
% 
7 H + v* l l 
+ 
H 
3o%— 
2*% + 
9 6 + 3 
52 
+ 
% 
1o% + 
% 
31 
+ 
% 
2 1 '*+ i* 
X 
+ 
% 
34 
+ I l l 
/+ 2H 
2 5 '* - 
H l l 
— 
'* 
227e— I 
7 % ........ 
19%+ i* 
4 % + 
% 
15%+ 
' , 
9 H + 
% 
1 o '*+ TH 
2 6 * + 
% 
27% + 
% 
9% + 
% 
55 
+ 
H 
4o% 
% 
27'/,— 
% 
9%— 
% rn : ; 
U H + I 
W H — I 
X 
5 2 ',+ 
H 
S 6'*+ 
H 
*3 
+ 
% 
» 
- 
I , 
1 f% + 
H 
41 
+ 2% 
J O H - 1% 
J2 H + 
H 
6 4'*— 2 
62% -- 2% 
P 
- 
H 
73 
- J 
1SH+ 
% 
*o% — 
% 
51% + 1% 
IS H “ 
1% 
26 
- 
% 
S h — 
% 
JT % — 
H 
•% + 1% 
22% - 
'« 
* % - 
'4 
U 
+ 
Vt 
T% + IV* 
TS — H 
7 H + I 

,25o 
2oo 
I is 
I 
3o7 
I m f i n 

*“ ‘ ?l? 
■ » » 
516 
491 
1311 
24 
14 f i 
61 
346 
1596 

45'* 
43% 
AA 
— 
1% 
6% 
OU 
6% — 
19% 
16% 
19% + 
U 
31% 
M U 
J IH — 
I OO'. 2 IOO', 
IOO', 
9 7 ', 
96V, 
97'* + 
JU 
J IH 
M U 
TI 
+ 
H 
29% 
29 
79% + 
% 
72% 
2 2 ', 
22%+ 
H 
21% i i 
J] — 
% 
79% 
M % 
M%— 
% 
77 
72 
75 
- 
1% 
IS ', 
14U 
14 U t­ 
' , ai* 
AH a h — 
V* 
17% 
IJ H 
12% -- 
% 
I U 
7% i% + 
% 
71H 
19% 
M 
- 
% 
TO 
JAI, 
B g . 
JOU 
IAU 
H H — 
% 
4% 
AV, 
4% 
7 3 ', 
77 
72% - i i i l l ' , 
IO7, 
11 ',+ 
% l l 
IOU 
W '* ~ n 
JU 
1% 
5 ', + 
H 
51% 
55% 
56% — t% 
U U 
U H 
I I H + 
2 

U H 
6% va le s md 
9 l l * l l ' , 
2 f* . 
I I H 
Za le C o rp 88 7 
594 16% 
I J O H ll 
Z a ltp f A to 
17 
14% 
IO 
1o% Za pa ta X b 4 x|3 o 
IJ H 
44 
44 Zapata pf 
3 
. 
2 $4 
9' i 
S '* Zayre Corp 
* 
45o 
7% 
4o% 
23% 
ZenilhR ed I l f 17*4 2o 
U % 
9 a Z urn md 
49 
IO 
666 14% 
W E E K L Y N Y STOCK S A H S 
Tofal tor w e a k ......................................................... 
Week ago ................................................................. 
Year ago 
. . . J ......................................................... 
(T a d years aga ...................................... ............... i Jan I lo d a t a 
......................................... 
I 1976 to date 
. 
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . 
61975 ID d ate 
.......... 
.. 

Son Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Saturday January 8 1977 

Yearly 
H igh la w 
(bds.) High la w lo t* Chg. 

6 ', 
3% G leoG er 
I* 7 
28 
41* 
55* 
6 '* + 
% 
IJ H 
6% G tenDis 
44t 
7 
67 
12V, I I H 
11% + 
1/* 
U H 
1o% Globe Ind 4oa 
5 86 
17'* 
16% 16%— 
% 
13 
9Vt Glosser 
32 
6 l l 
12% 12 
1 2 — 1 
IJ H 
8% G loucslr 
En 
5 
46 
141* 13% 
14 
+ 
H 
7 
2% G lover 
.We 
2o 
3 '* 
3 '* 
3 '*— 
% 
5 
3 H G id bla tf 
2B IO 
44 
4 
3% 
4 
+ 
H 
U H 
TV* Golden Cycl 
55 
29 
IO7* IO 
1o%- 
'/* 
U H 
4% GoldnW 
36e 
7 212 
12'* ICH 
1o%— IV* 
1% 
'* G o ld fie ld Cp .. 
18o11 16 
H H — 1-16 
4% 
1% GoodLS 
o7r .. 
X 
2% 
2 H 
2 U + 
H 
2 H G oodrich wt 
175 
7V* 
7'* 7% 
3% G orlnSt lOe 
5 19 
4'/* 
4'* 41/* + 
% 
8% 
6 
21% 
IS G orm R 
9oa 8 
12 X 
19'* 19%+ 
V* 
4'a 2+a G ou ld lT 
24e 143 
3 3% 
3% 3i/4._ 
% 
M 
7 '* 
* ' * 7V ,+ 
H 
29 
8 
7% 7% ......... 
6% 
5 H 6 % + I Va 
5% 
SH $%— 
U 

9 
SH G rand Au X 5 
8% 
6% G rndC tl 
3o 
6 
6’* 
2% G tA rr Ind 
4 
174 
4'a 
2% GI Basin Pet 
58 1197 
. . . 
. . . 
. 
37% 
25% G tLkCh 
28 13 
216 
34% 
32% 3 2 H ^ 1% 
6% 
4% G tla k R 
22r IO 
2 
6% 
6% 
* '* — '* 
6% 
2% Green rn an 
5 
119 
4'* 
3% 
4 H + % 
6 H 
4% G reerH y 
12 5 
7 
5% 
5 '* 
5 '*— Va 
TV* 
4% G R E IT 
4o 6 
5 
6% 
*V* 
4% 
14 
IO G rossTlc 
I 8 
15 13% 
13% 
1 3 % + " Va 
IO '* 
6' a G row C 32b 
7 x35 IO '* 
9% IO 
+ 
H 
2H11 16 G ru en Ind 
113 
21 
I '* 
I iv , 
% I 32 G u a rd M t w t 
49 3 32 I 16 1 16 + 1 32 
9% 
4% G uard Ch 4ob 
8 
4o 
9V* 
« '* 
9 '* + % 
7% 
4 H G uilford 
X 3 
121 5 
4% 5 
V* I 32 G u H M R It 
WI 
72 I 32 I 32 I 32 
34'a 
X H G lfO ilCan 
I 8 
2* 
26% 
25% 25%— % 
U H 
4H G ulfR ep Fin 5 
3o 
IO'/* 
9% 
1 o '*+ % 
7% 
3V* G lfstrm LD .. 
29 
SH 
SH 
5'/*— Vt 
1% 
9 16 H a lc o P rod .. 
9 
% 
% 
% + 
14 
6% M allsM ot 5o 6 
146 
14 
13% 13% 
% 
5% 
3’ a MampD lie 9 
74 
4V* 
3% 
4 
8% 
3% H am ptn Ind 3 
71 
6 '* 
5% 
6 
— Vt 
13 
1o% M annfrd 
6o 5 
55 
12% 
12% 
12>*+ '/* 
12'/* 
B 's HanvrSb 
6o 5 
8 
W H 
1oV* 
1oU + '* 
5 '* 
2% ManvrSq 
RU 
22 5V* 
5 
5 
21% 
16 
M arland 
48a l l 
99 19'* 
IS H 
1 9 ',+ 
% 
7% 
3 ', M artfd Zdy 
132 
S '* 
4% 
4% + V* 
14% 
IO 
H a rt,M 
22e 12 
353 13% 
12% 
13%+ 
% 
IU 
% H a rv e y G rp 
5 
2113 1611 1413 16 + 3 16 
8% 
3 H Hasbro 
Ind 
4 
14 
7% 
IO '* 
6% Masting 
4oa 
6 
42 13'/* 
4% 
3 
H aw aiA lOr 
4 
66 
4'* 
12 
5 
Health Chm 
IO 
162 
8% 
3% H ealthM 
X 
4 
92 
7 

7% 
7 Va— 
'* 
9 '* 
9 '* — 
% 
3% 
4 '* + 
% 
7% 
7H — 
% 
6 H 
67* + 
% 
1% 
2 
+ 
V* 
3 '* 
I U H einick lOe 
9 
261 2V* 
2V* 
I 
H eitm n M fg 
394 2 
1% 
2 
+ 
'/* 
18' * 
8 v* H er Mai 
72 
6 
33 18'/* 
18'* lit/* 
4% 
2H H iG lnc 
15t 
78 
15 3% 
3 '* 
3 '* 
7% 
3% H ighlnd Cap 
15 4% 
4% 
4% + 
V* 
7’* 
3% HiMhavn 
32 
5 
5o 7% 
7 
7%— 
Va 
13'* 
SH H ip trn ic 
X l l 
4o 7V* 
6% 
7Ve— 
'/a 
2% 
1% Hot mn Ind 
21 
51 2 '* 
2'/* 
2 '*— 
'* 
39U 
25'* 
HolngA I 8o IO 
9 2 9'* TBV* 
29 
+ 
'* 
SH 
2 
H o lly Corp 
9 
553 5 
4% 
5 
+ 
'* 
34% 
23'* 
HomeOA .75 8 
18 27% 26% 27 
— 
V* 
3 o * 
X * 
HomeOB 
75 7 
I 25 
25 
25 
+ 1 
26V* 
16% H orm elG I 12 
8 297 
25% 
23 
2 3 % - 1% 
8% 
4Va Horn H a rd rt 
IM 7V* 
6 
7% + I '* 
SU 
5% HospM 
*oe 
24 
65 7V* 
6 H 
7 '/*+ 
% 
5-16 I 16 H o s p M tg w t 
99 
'* 1 16 I 16— I 32 
14% 
MV, 
Hotel In I 37e 13 
68 13% 12% 
13 
+ 
% 
8 '* 
4 'a HousRon 
X 
5 
21 5 '* 
5 
5% 
7% 
4 
House Vi 
32 l l 
19 5 
4% 
4% 
11% 
6% H ospM lr In 
26 
42 9% 
8% 
9 
5 o ', 
32* 
HouO iIM 8o 32 5684 5o% 47% 49% + 
1% 
22% 
12% 
HowelC 
4oe 9 
85 19'/* 
18% 
18'*— 
'/* 
7% 
3U Howell 15e 
4 SO 
4H 
4% 
4 '* + V* 
37'/* 
27'* 
H ubellA I 5o IO 
16 34% 3 4 '* 3 4 '*+ 
V* 
37 
28% 
H ubellB I 5o IO 
16 35 
3 4'* 35 
+ 
'* 
54 
41 Hub pf A l. 75 
I 5o% 5o% 5o% + 
1% 
5% 
3% H uckM fg X 
12 
3 4 '* 
4 
4'/a 
. 
4% 
1% Hudson Gen 
X 4% 
4% 
4 % + 
% 
41% 
31 Mud BO 
I 52 
9 
9 3 4'* 34 
3 4 U - 
* 
12% 
6 
H uffm an 
5o 
5 
114 12% 
12 
12'/*— 
V* 
3% 
2 
H untH lt ,o5r 
5 
93 3% 
3'/* 
3% + 
V, 
23' b 
16' i 
HuskyO 
8o 7 
14o X % 19'* 
19%— 
% 
Hycel Inc 
18 
81 3% 
3 '* 
3% — 
321 
6 
3 3% 
3 '* 
3 % + 
V* 
BS 
6 V, 
6 b V *~ V* 
2o 
6 
3o 6% 
6 H 
6 % + 
'/* 
3o 27 
59 3% 
3 
3 
— 
V. 
'/, 
% + ’* 
5% 
5% 

5% 
4% 
2 * ICHC l 
IOU 
3% IC M R 
8% 
5 
IM CM g 
4% 
2' t ISCFInl 
1% 
% IT I Corp 
3111 16 
8 
43 16 Im p C h 
3oe 
6 
29o 
6 
113 16 
% Im p G rp 
o8e 
IBIS 1613 1613*16— i 16 
4'a 
1% 
Im per 
Ind 
13 
2% 
2'/* 
2 % + V* 
26% 
18V* Im p O ilA 
86 12 
622 22V* 
2 1'* 21%— % 
3% iv * (narco 
8 2V* 
2'a 
2 '* + 
'* 
2o' a 
8 * Incoterm A 
12 bi 13'/* 
12V* 
12%— I 
5o 
41 
In d p lP l pf4 
,2o SO 
SO 
SO 
+ 
I 
2% 
I 
In flig h t Svc 
28 1% iv * 
1% + 
% 
3'a 
I * m ole* Corp 
5 2H 
2 
2 
5% 
3 * Instron 
X 
26 5 U 
4% 
5V*+ 
% 
2' ,11 16 In s tru m Svs 
2721 
1% 
I 
1 '/*+ 
U 
24 
7U InsSy pf B e 
ISO 13'* l l ' , 12’* + 
1% 
3% 
I ' , Inte grt Res 
5 
45 1% 
1% i% + t* 
6% 
2’/* 
Intrm edco 
8 
559 
6% 
4% 
6 '* + 1% 
12% 
SU In tlA lu m 
SO 
7 
28o lls * 
1o% 11% + 
% 
2% 
IU In tl Banknot 7 1145 
2% 
2 '* 
2%— 
23 
I I H IntCour ffl 
IO 
24 13% 
131* 13%— 
5, 
3% 
IV* Int Foodsvc 
. 
19 1% 
11* 
1% 
2% 
IH InFuneralS 
7 
42o 
2% 
2% 
2% + Vt 
13% 
8 
Int Gen In 
7o 
5 
48 13% 
13 
13'/*+ v* 
5 
1% Int Proteins 
8 
374 5 
4'/* 
4% + 
% 
7% 
4 ', Int Seaw 
He 
3 
15 7'/* 
6% 
6% — 
H 
4V* 
I 1, Int Stretch 
145 1% 
1% 
1% + 
1/* 
36 
1 5 ', 
IntSyCon 25 4 
259 
19'/* 
1 7 ', 
17%— 7, 
I '* 
'* 
Interpholo 
5 
% 
% 
% 
17% 
9% In te rp o o l IO 
454 
17% 16U 
1 7 H + i% 
14% 
5 
Inte rw a y Cp 
16 
814 
14% U H 
14H + 2V* 
2 '* 
I 
Investm Fla 
33 1% 
1% 
I '* 
18% 
V t* low D ivers 
A 2oe 
51o118% 1 7'* 
17'*— % 
4% 
2% In v o lv e rs 
8 o5e 
51o5 4 H 4V* 
4 '* + v* 
6 
2% InvestR lt Tr 
173 6 
4% 
6 
+ IV, 
18'* 
13 Ionics Inc 
12 
16 
15% 15' , 
1 5 '* - 
9% 
6% 
Iro qB rd 
X 
64 
7% 
7V, 
7U 
16 
1 3 ', Iro qB rn d pf 
39 16 
14% 15'/*+ 
I 
6 '* 
3% 
Irv in ln d 
161 4 
SI 
5 '* 
5'/* 
5'/*— V, 
8 
6>, is ra e lD 
75e 
39 
6% 
6% 
6 % + V* 

11% 
U H 
IOU 
U H 
5% 
X % 
4'a 
6% 
8% 
16' a 
8% 
54' , 
45 
7% 

6% Jaclyn 
4oa 
7% Jacobs 
7oe 
AH Jam swy o5r 
8% Jeannet 
X 
2 
Jetronic Ind 
7% John Pd 
36 
8 
1 26 
2'» Juniper Pet 
13 
22o 
2% Ju p ite r ind 
5 
4 
3% K Tel In 
45e 

47 
7% 
7 '* 
7%— 
279 
IJ H 
11% 
1 3 ',+ 
— 
- 
, H 
- 
85 
9% 
48 
11V* 
42 

14 

3 H 
8% 
3 H 
6% 
SH 

9 H + 
1o% l l 
+ 
3U 
8% 
3 
64, 
5'/* 

H 
'a 

3%. 
8 % + 
' , 
3’* + 
% 
6 H — 
% 
5 '/,+ 
• 
K a is rln d 
26 IO 18W 
15% 
14% 
1 5 ',+ 
% k a n e M ill wt 
KnG E p t4 5o 
4 H 
KapokT 
X t 8 
5% 
2% 
Ka yep 
o7e X 
6% 
4 ’ a 
KenwmS 
34 5 

32 
4% 
,31o 
54 
44 
5 '* 
39 
AH 
18 

4% 
51% 
5AV* 

8% K irb y E x p l l 221o 
28% 
2 o '* 
26% + 6% 

36>s 
12% Kewanee 72 
9 2361 
36% 
34 
3 '* 
I ’, Key Co 
16 3 
2% 
9% 
5% K e y s !Ind 
X 
5 
83 9% 
9 
4 
% Kidde w t 
36 2 ', 
2 
7 
IV* K in A rk Crp 
8 
98 1% 
V * 
4 
IU K ing O pticl 
45 JV* 
1% l l 
6 ', K ingR d 
Me l l 
35 8 
7% 
?8H 
4% Kl n^ st Ip 
2o 
5 
36 7 % 
7V* 

5% 
6U 
1o% 
29 
35 U 
9V* 
4 
2% 
4% 
67a 
6' / 

4 % + 
V, 
54 
+ 3'/* 
5 U + 
'a 
4 H ........... 
6% 
.. 
36 
+ 1% 
2%— 
% 
9 
- 
V* 
2 
+ 
' , 
I H .......... 
I % + 
V* 
7 % + v* 
7U 

1% K it M fg 
14 
IV* K leer VU Ind 
4 
4 U K lem erts 
6 
13% K nlckToy 
15 
18% K ollm or 
SO 
6 H K uhnStr 
IO 
2'a L SB Ind lOr 
% L T V C o rp w t 

5H 
3 '* 
7 ', 

4 H 
3% 
6% 

4 '/,+ 
3 H 
. 
7 

3% L aM aur 
X 
5 
LaP oint 
2oe 
9% 
SH LaO uintaM 
IM * 
6*a L a ly Rad 
26 
I H Lake Shore 
IU L nd m rk Id 
2 H Laneco 
o8e 

2% 
2'a 
4H 
27a 
1o% 
11% 
25 
2% 
5% 
6' , 
14% 

6% Lea Ron 
28a 
7% Lealh Co 
5o 
15 
Lee E ntr 
52 
I ' , Lee N ail 
3 
Lee P harm 
3 
Lehigh Pres 
6% LeighP r 
6o 
I U Leisure Tee 
6 H L e v ittln 
24 
S '* Lew isBF 
24 
4% L ib e rty Fab 
4 
L ia h to lr 
16 
4 
L illiA n n 
22 
2% L incoln Am 
4 
Lloyds Elec 
1% Lodges 
12e 
19% 
13% io n mn 
8oa 
8% 
4% LoewThe w t 
8% 
4 % L o g ico n 
3'a 
1% Logistic 
o8e 
22'a 
9 
LaGenSv to 
27% 
19% LoulsCe I 32 
7% 
3 'a Lundy Elec 
I 
Lynch Corp 
I 
L v n n w e a r 

7% 
IO 
IV* 
7% 
4% l l ' * 
3 

718 
3U 

2% 
1% MDC Corp 
4% 
2% M PO Video 
SU 
I 
MW A 
4ob 
IU 
H Mac rod Ind 
U H 
U U McPbS I X 
SH 
2% M am m M r! 
9 ', 
J U M ngood 
4% 
3% M anhLfe 
28 
5' ; 
3% M ansfT 
o2r 
2 
13 16 M a rin d u q 
B 
27% 
18 
M a rk e t! 
28 
4% M arlene Ind 
3% M arshall Fd 
4% M arshal Ind 
18% M a rt Pr 
4oe 
6% M aslnd 
4oa 
39% 
23% M asneiln 
X 
3% 
1% M asters Inc 
4% M aterR e 
28 
4 
M aul Bm 
14b 
2 H M cC u lO 
‘ 
6% Mc Wish 
TO 
IV* Mc Kaon Cn 
13', 
W H M eansF I o8 
9H 
5% M edals! 
44 
1 H U 16 M e d a ln G rp 
4 % 
......................... 

W a 
6 
V t 
32U 
IO'/ 

12* 
7% 
SH 
TTH 
4% 

5% Medenco 
X 
2' > M edfield Cp 
2o' i 
141* MediaGn 
*C 
17 
7% M egolnl 
2o 
H H M E M Co 
I 
8% M e te * 
3o 
% Met roc are 
% M etro G rig 
I U M ich Gent 

9% 
BH 

18 
U U 
J1* 
Th 
3% 
U H 
9% M ich Sugar I 
M U 
5' 1 M ic k lb ry 
16 
8 
J U M. did Co 
IO 
15% 
9% M idi GIS 24b 
6% 
3% M ille r H 
23% 
13% M ille r Wo 4o 
X U 
12'a M i I Roy 
25 
J ', 
% M ission IT 
' , I 64 MiSS'Onl 
IJ H 
17% M oPfcR I X w t 

IO 64o 
29 
26+* 
2 8 ',+ l l 
62 
3 5 ', 
32% 
32%— 
4 
35 
I 
6% 
6%— 
5 
6 
3 
3 
3 
. 

12 
46311 16 
Vt 9 16+1 
119 
7% i n 
2% + 
7 
27 
4 Vt 
AH 
4 ', + 
IO 
13 
S H 
5U 
5U + 
7 
56 
OH 
8% 
9 U + 
7 
2o1 
OH 
6% 
8% + 
4 
84 
2% 
2 
2 U + ie 
17* 
1% 
1%. . 
4 
7 
37, 
3% 
3% l l 
14 
2% 
2 
2U + 
6 
IS 
9 
8% 
8%— 
8 x37 
U H 
1o% 
1o%— 
12 
M2 
24% 
23'* tov* — 

146 
6 
1% 
1% 
17,+ 
19 
47, 
4% a u ­ 
5 
13 
6 
57, s u .. 
6 
27 
H U 
13 
13 
— 
83 
2U 
2 
2% 
. 
5 
25 
7% 
7 
7H + 
6 
33 
6 
5% 
6 
+ 
3 
29 
7 ', 
A7, 
67/*— 
7 
28 
6% 
O ', 
6 7 ,+ 
I 
IO 
O ', 
5% 
6'/* + 
16 
94 
3% 
J H 
3 7,+ 
9 
234 
67* 
6% 
6 % + 
5 
58 av, 
2% 
Th . .. 
I 
44 
18 
U H 
17% + 
529 
SH 
TH 
6' , — 
I 
54 
7% 
TH 
TH ■ 
5 
21 
2% 
2% 
TH— 
8 
157 
22% 
16% 
21%+ 
I 
IO 
27% 
27 
27% + ii 
M 
4 
3% 
4 
+• 
62 
3% 
3% 
3 '* + 
19 
I N O 

I H 
I U 
1H + 

25 
JO 
2 
2 
2 
7 
26 av* 
4 
4% + 
9 
6 
7% iv * 
7 ',— 
3 
OMI 16 
% 
% .. 
I 
IO 
16% 
15% 
16% + 
IO 
346 
AH 
4 '* a v*+ 
17 
4% 
AU 
4 % + 
8 
73 
4% 
4 ', 
4% + a 
37 
4% 
4 ', 
A%+ 
31315 1613 1615 16— 1 
6 
691 
27% 
24% 
27 
+ 
3 
47 
7% 
IV* 
7% + 
6 
AT, 
4% 
4% + 
5 
59 
7U 
6% 
7 
+ 
7 
56 
22% 
JJU 
22'*— 
S 
83 
9% 
9% 
9 '-,+ 
6 
36 
36% 
36% 
36%— 
5 
I 
3% 
3% 
3% + 
9 
23 
1% 
SH 
S% + 
6 
14 
SU 
SU 
5 H + 
5 1243 
3% 
J U 
3 H — 
9 1121 
27' > 
27 
JJU 
95 
OH 
AH 
AH— 
1 
34 
13 
12% 
13 
♦ 
6 
32 
O ', 
1% 
I H * 

U 
99 
2 
1% 
1% 
22 
J 
17, 
J 
+ 
6 
129 
•% 
I U 
BU— 
A 
61 
6% 
5% 
6 
+ 
9 
44 
19% 
19% 
19'*— 
I 
546 
13% 
U H 
13% + 
6 
23 
U H 
U U 
1 7 ',+ 
4x222 n u 
9% 
1o% + 
27 
1% 
I U 
1% + 
24 
IU 
I 
I 
— 
I 
116 
3% 
3V« 
J H + i 
1o4 
12 
11% l l 
+ 
A l l 
6'/* 
6 
A U ­ 
9 
3o 
Sv* 
4% 
SU + 
5 
5o 
12% 
12 
17»* 
?) 
16 
6% 
6% 
6% + 
9 
366 
TTH 
21% 
22%- 
I 
7$ 
U H uu 
1 5'*+ 
7$ 
U , 
1% 
1% + 
ISS I 32 I 64 I 32 + 164 
19 
32V, 
J IH 
J I H - 
U 
45% 
24% M ilc h lE l l 1965 
45% 
3 9 '* 
4 3 % + AH 
I I I 
7% 
2 5 ', 
4 
SI 
U H 

3 H M i l^ p 
X 
7 
» 5 
M o d ern M d 
A X6o 
6' a M o lycrp w l 
4% Mon M g! 
AO 
AA 
M onP pf A 4o I 
8% Moog 
AO 
I 

7% 
TV, 
TH 
5% 
7%— 
S H — 
124 
2 4 '* 
21’ , 
B l . 
43 
SU 
4% 
$’-* + 

6% 
3 H M tgG th 
__ 
I U 
4 H M ortons 
32 4 
6** 
J U M oftsSup 
M 6 
2 1 ', 
U % M1VMII I 
2o U 
8% 
AV, M ovS lar 
St 5 
TH 
I 
M ovielab 

14o 
SOU 
5o% 
5oU + I '* 
67 
U l l ' , U S * - % 
35 
SS, 
5% 
5% + % 
JS 
5% 
SH 
5 % + 
H 
IS 
_AU 
3% 
A ',+ H 
U 
16 
TI 
I U 
AU 
I * 

15% 
16 
T i 
IU 
AV, 
I 

T U + 
% 
1 H + 
U 
4 % + 
% 
BU— 
% 
OU i v , Multi Ain x to 
24 
*% 
J U Nepco 
16 7 
9o 
5% 
2% N ardaM 
X 42 
12 
3% 3% 
J l,+ 
25 
U U Net CSS 2o IO 
243 
24% 
22% 
24% + 1% 
7% 
5 
N D is tr 
16 4 
22 
$% |v» 
SU 
TH M 16 N atH lth 
En! l l 
174 
1% I ' , 
T%+ 
2 H 
' * Nat Ind wt 
Bl 
% 
% 
% + H 
2H 
I ' , NK inney Cp 
146 
IV , 
1% 
I U — V* 
17 
6 
N a l Paragn 
X 6232 l f 
IO' t l l 
+ % l l 
4’ * N al Patent 84 1654 
W H 
9 
1 o ',+ % 
4U 
J * , Nat Silver Ue 7 X 4 
3% 
4 
♦ % 
AH 
2 '* Net Spmrig 
J JV, 
31, 
« % * % 
6 '* 
I H Nat System l l 
136 
J U AH 
5 
19 a 
W H N a tw H o 37 I *33 
IJ H 
U H 
13%— 
H 
1o+a 
J H Neim e r Bro 
A 
AH 
AH 
A S *- V, 
J U 
IU Netty Don 
4 
IS , 
|« * 
1S%+ % 
3 ', 
I H Nelson LB 
36 
94 
2% 
J U 
J '* + % 
J U 
I U N ts tL M 
IS is , V t 
T h 
34'J f l u NE N u clr 
4o l l 
59 X V * x 
J IH — H 
U H 
W> * NM emp 
4oa 9 l l 13 
IJ H 
Ti 
+ % 
IV, 
' , 
New Id ria (Ue 
4267 
I U T 
I U 
.. 
T*M«* A ri, 
5o 
U 
26% 
TSH 2 5 '* - % 
14% 
9 H NProc 
Ale 8x197 
W H 
IOU To%+ •* 
U H 
I I H NY Times 
6o IJ 
16o 
16% 
14% 
I6% + % 
W U 
4% NewbEn 
M 4 
47 
9% 9 ** 
♦ •* 
24% 
14 Newcor lb 
S 
I J IH 
H H 
J 1 H + % 
5% 
1% NewperkRs 
4 
U M 5% 
4% 
S H + H 
3 
IU Nemus 
141 
6 
26 1% 
1% 
I H + 1, 
U U 
11% N iegFSv 
56 J 
57 
U H 14 
U H + 1% 
I 
I U Nichols SE 271 A Ti 
A H AU 
A H + 
% 
I 
2 
Noel indust 
A 
5 J U 
J 
3 
12% 
J U Note* Cp 
39 
J U A H 
SH 
S S *- <* 
SH 
2% Nor lek 
o4 
12 
126 J 1 a 
3% 
3 U + % 
J 14 3 14 N o Am M I w t 
12 7 16 
% 
% 
U U 
I 
Nor Am R 
W 
9 
757 IS H 
I I H 
14' , + 1% 
9H 43 16 N o rC d n O IIS l l 
SJI 
I U 
T U 
I 
+ 
H 
SJH 
45 N IP S pf 4 25 
.. IMO SJH 
SJV, 
S J H - % 
SH 
J U Novo Corp 
31 
3% J'/* 
1% + 
H 
6% 
3 
Nuclear Oat I t 
454 
4% A 
4 + 3 
' I i : i t '* 
’ • 
'O H 
IOU l5 % + 
H 
AH 
3% OF A ine 
X IO J A 
3% 
A 
+ V* 
U H 
4% O akw dHom o6r 
A MIO 
9% 
* % — >, 
21 
IJ H O ff m o re C© A 
X 
14% 14 
16% + U 
J4* 
* 
1 
’ • 
**» A 
4V* ♦ 
% aa 
X U OmoB 
2a 4 
24 
AS A Ju a 3'*— iv * l f ' * 
4% On Sealy 
« I i i 
»% iv * 
(> ,+ 
1o% 
AV* O lla ln d 
D e I 
63 
T% 7% 
T% + 
H 
23H 
M >, 
On I me Sys l f 
TI 22% 
31% j| % _ |% 
51 
JI OOkiep Cop 
22 ,15o IT H 
J IH 
3 7 ',+ SH 
JU 
I 
O n a in a ia 
JO 
1% 1% 
1% - 
1, 
IO U 
4 
O rlo le H o 
25 
T H 
4 % 
I 
+ 
V* 
2 H 
I 
O rm and Ind 
19 
31 
2 ' 
1% 
1%+ V, 
14 
1o% OSullvn 
SO 
A 
IS 1 3 ', 
12% 
1 JH + H 
TH 
J'-, Out dr Sport toe l l aa AH 
AH 
AU t * * S 'f T lO r 
SO 
9 2o2 U H 
11% 12%— % 
2% 
I 
O xfo rd Est 
23 1% 
|% 
|% + v* 
AH 
2% O u r k A .'O f 
± 5J6 a h 
3% 
A U + H j 

] P - Q 
K 
I v 2-OLVa ~ 
'S % nj :::: 

Y early 
High la w 
1 % 
H H 
18 % 
17'/* 

Soles 
Net 
(h d t.) H igh lo w lo s t Chg. 

U H 
15% 
SH 
1A7, 
IO', 
1o% 
3% 
•9 
>5', a 
S H 
>6% 
!5'/< 
77% 
12 
ISH 
SOU 
52% 
55% 
92 
X % 
A1 
33% 
7H 
5 
8% 
13% 
3% 
26U 
4% 
5 
7% 
7 
7 
7% 
9 ', 
32% 
7 
14% 
5 ', 
V t 
2 5'* 
16% 
8% 
8% 
16% 
8% 
4% 
IU * 
4'a 

 v* PS A Inc 't/i 
VIV* PGE6pf I 5o 
14% PGE p fl 37 
12% PGE5pt 1.25 
U H PGRd pf 1.25 
13 
P G pfA 
I 25 
U U PG 4 Bpt I X 
M U P IO 18pf 2 54 
3S6% P IO 46pf2 62 
11% PG 4 5 p fl 12 
24% PG 9 4pf2.37 
21% PG 8 2pf2.Q5 
X H PGE8pf 
2 
X V , PG 7 8pf1 96 
22% P G E 9pf2 25 
21V* PG 8 lp f2 o4 
23V, PG 9 2pf2.32 
4% PHoldg 
16 
IS 
PHold p fl X 
4 4'* P acLt pf4 4o 
44 
P acLt pf4 5o 
45V* P acLt pf4 75 
73% P acLt pf7 64 
14V, PNwTel I 32 
52 
P acP Lpf 
5 
22% Pa 11 Corp 
4o 12 
3% Pandi Bradf 
3 
Pantast 
X 
4% P araP k 
2oa 
7% ParkCh ,48a 
1% P ark El lOe 
18' , ParsonsR 
8o 
2% Pat Fashion 
3% Patagonia 
3V* PatoCG 
4 
PeerTu 
2oa 
A '* Pem cor 
X 
IV* PennDix wt 
6% Pen EnM 
6oa 
19 
P enTr 
I 2ob 
3% PECp 
681 
9% Pen R IE I 15 
2% PenobS 
2oe 
% Pentron Ind 
17% Pep Boys 
1b l l 
PepCom 
6o 
4% PerlniC p X a 
3 ', PertecCm p 
6'/* P e to Lew is 19 
5% P hilLD 
34e 
3 
2% Phoenix SII 
7 '* P icN P ay 
X 
1% Piedm ont In 
2 '* l l 16 P io ne er Sys 
8% 
6U 
24% 
42', 
26' * 
M U 
26 
4% 
2% 
7 '* 
14% 
4 '* 
7% 
11% 
15'* 
33 
AV, 
8 
26U 
4 ', 
2o% 
18'* 
5% 
12V* 
1o% 
2 '* 
5 
4% 
54 
7 Vt 
5 
7% 
8% 
7% 
2U 
45'/* 
5 
3 
2 '* 
•11% 
5% 
17% 
22% 
19 Sa 
U H 
1% 
4% 
25 
2H 
18 
M U 
2o 
3% 
2% 
J 
1o% 
1% 
14% 
2% 

6 
PionTex 
BO 
5% PitW Va 
56a IO 
14% P itD e M I 2oa 
X % P iltw a y I X 12 
15% P lacrD v 
8o 2o 
6% Plant 
Ind 
15% P lantrnc 
12 14 
2% PlyG em 
Sit 
7 
I ' , P ly m Rub A 
IV* P lym Rub B 
IO 
PneuSca 
8o 
I ' , Poloron 
Pd 
5'a P olychr 
291 
3 '* P ra irie Oil 
IO 
P ra ttL m b 
1 
24% P ra tL p f2 25 
A H P ra ttR d 
X 
6% P ra tt R pf 66 
19% PrenHa I 12 12 
I 7, PresReal: B 
6 
Presley Cos IO 
13 
Preston 
.7o IO 
2’/* P rim M I 
12t 
9 
SU PrpCT I X e IO 
8V* ProvG as 
8o 
8 iv * P rd R IE 
.16 
2% PrudBdg 
24 
6 
2 V* Prod G roup .. 
45% PSCol pf 4 25 
2 U P ulte Hmes 
7 
2' 1 P untaG rd Is l l 
4 H Purepac LD o3e l l 
, RB in d 
I '/a RE DM Cp 
IV* RET Inc fd 
35% RET pf 4 38 
1% RH Med Svc 
IV* RPS Prod 
I 
1% RSC Indust 
5 
RLC C orp.o8e 
3 H Racon 
X a 
5 
6% RaganB 
15e 
6 
U U Ranchrs E x 26 
12', RangrO Can 52 
1o% Ransbrg 
8o 
6 
% R a pd A m w t .. 
2% Rath Pack 
13% R aym P r 
4o 71 
% Reading m d 
14 V* Real Es! I 4o 14 
S H R ltln c T 
9oe 
5 
12'a R ltR ef 2 We 
1% Redlaw E nt 28 
T a Reeves Tele 
3% R efrlg Trns 
7 
8 '* Regal B 
.52 IO 
% R elG rp w t 
MV* Rem Ar 
8oa 3 
% Rep Housng 
I ' , 3 32 R e p M fln w 
79U 
18% RepNY 
88 
5 
U H ReschCtl 
o8 13 
14 
R e sistflx 
6o 
7 
2 
R e s rfs ln tl A 21 

19% 
74V* 
12% 
77’ , 
2% 
2 '* 
5V* 
7% 
77'/* 
17' , 
TIU 
29% 
4% 
13 
4% 
15% 
3% 
5% 
I 
5 
6% 
2H 
IO 
IO 
75% 

83 
Vt 
V* 
Vt . 
65 
IST, 
17% 
18'*+- 
Vt 
22 
17V* 
IOU 
16% + 
Vt 
16 
U U 
14'* la 7/*— 
Vt 
1o3 
15% 
14% 
14%+ 
81 
15'* 
15 
15 
+ 
’* 
94 
14V* 
14’, 
14% 
436 
29% 
28 V* 
29% 
67 
3o% 
29% 
29%— ' n 
22 
13% 
12% 
12%— 1% 
32 
28V* 
27U 
27'*— 
% 
51 
25 
24 v« 
TS 
— 
% 
238 
25 
23% 
24H+- 
H 
725 
2 4 ', 
23V* 
23 V* + 
% 
2 
26% 
26V, 
26’/,. 
62 
25’, 
2 4 ', 
24%. 
6 
27% 
27'* 
27% + 
'% 
18 
MV, 
11% 
1 1 % - 
% 
I 
15’* 
15'* 
15H— 
' , 
,2oo 
5o 
SO 
5o 
— 
Vt 
,25o 
51V* 
51 
SIV* + 
>, 
,34o 
55 
5 3 ', sa 
+ 
2H 
,4ooo 
92 
92 
92 
+ 
I 
73 
19% 
19 
1 9 % - 
Vt 
,125 
61 to 
6o 
. 
179 
31 
29'* 
MV*— 
% 
177 
5% 
5 
5% + 
% 
6 x57 
5 
4% 
A U — 
Vt 
13 
5% 
5’, 
5 % + 
Vt 
14 
11% 
I I H l l ' * . . 
5 
3 ', 
3 ', 
3U— 
’ i i 
233 
24'/, 
21% 
23% + 
2% 
96 
3 ', 
2% 
3 
+ 
99 
4% 
A’, 
4% + 
V* 
79 
6% 
6 '* 
6% + 
21 
6U 
6 
6 ', + 
% 
42 
6% 
OH bv,.. 
M I 
I ’ , 
1% 
IV,. 
7 
16 
9 '* 
9 ', 
9 % + 
’ V, 
6 Xl5 
3 1 ', 
MV, 
31 
+ 
'/* 
226 
A H 
4 
4 Vt + 
% 
35 
14% 
13% 
14% + 
% 
17 
4% 
4% 
4% + 
Vt 
36 
I ' , 
I 
1 ',+ v* 
23 
24'/* 
23 V* 
23 V *+ 
Vt 
43 
16% 
1 6', 
16%— 
V* 
4 211 
8% 
7% 
8 ',. . 
664 
8 
7H 
8 
+ 
H 
M2 
16% 
14V* 
15%— 
% 
23 
7 
6% 
7 
+ 
1o2 
3 ', 
2% 
3’, + 
'/« 
44 
IO '* 
9% 
1o%+ 
H 
65 
2 
1% 
2 
. 
2o2 
VZ* 
IV* 
2 ', + 
’ % 
127 
7% 
TV, 
7% 
34 
OU 
6% 
6 '* + 
H 
5 
25 
24 
23 
237,+- 
% 
327 
4o'/* 
37% 
39 
+ 
IV* 
52 
2o 
19'* 
2o 
+ 
Vt 
143 
8 '* 
77, 
8 
2o8 
24V* 
2 3 ', 
24% + 
' Vt 
19 
4V* 
4'/, 
A U — 
I iv* 
VZ* 
2U— 
I 
I % 
1% 
I TH­ 
,95o 
11% 
1o% 
IO7, — 
'* 
53 
2% 
2 V, 
2% + 
% 
93 
TH 
AV* 
6% 
341 
11% 
9V, 
U H ­ 
1 
33 
15V, 
U H 
U H + 
Vt 
I 
33 
33 
33 
+ 2 
48 
6V, 
6V* 
6V< + 
H 
5 
TH 
7% 
7% .. 
9o 
24 
2 3 ', 
23% + 
H 
16 
2% 
2% 
2%— 
V* 
464 
1o% 
9% 
1 o '*+ 
% 
9 
14% 
14V, 
IA H — 
H 
26 
2% 
2% 
2%— 
% 
SO 
1 2', 
I U , 
12'/* + 
' , 
18 
IO ', 
9% 
IO 
+ 
% 
7o 
2 
1% 
I U . 
537 
4% av* 
AV*— 
I 
3H 
3'/, 
SH. - 
ZbSO 
53 
52 
53 
+ 
''/* 
296 
7 Vt bv* 
6 % + 
% 
26 
TH 
2% 
2% + 
' , l l 
14 5% 
5 
5 
+ 
U 
42 
TH 
VZ* 
7'/*— 
% 
38 
IV , 
IV* 
1%— 
' , 
216 
TV* 
2 
2U + 
Vt 
22 
45'/* 
4 3 ', 
45'* + TH 
1o3 
5 
4% 
4Tk+ 
V, 
I 
1% 
1% 
1% . 
37 
IV* 
1% 
1% 
5 226 
MV* 
IOU l l 
+ 
31 
AH 
3% 
4 
_ 
133 
9% 
O ', 
9% + 
% 
146 
17 
15% 
16% + 
% 
87 
18% 
IB '* 
18% ♦ 
' , 
1o6 
12% 
12% 
12% + 
1, 
4815 16 
% 
% + 
' , 
71 
AH 
4 
4 l l 
21% 
21% 
21'*— 
H 
14 
V , 
I 
I 
+ 
' , 
136 
IA H 
U H 
IS H ­ 
% 
24 l l 
IO '* 
II 
+ 
V, 
26 
2o 
19% 
19% . 
IO 
2V* 
TV* 
2V* 
19 
2 
1% 
1% + 
H 
12 
6 ', 
6 
6 — 
26 
9% 
9 V, 
9 % + 
'/* 
498 
1% 
I '* 
1% + 
V* 
99 
14% 
13% 
14% + 
% 
79 
1% 
1% 
1% + 
V, 
I 3 16 3 16 3 16. 
' 32 
27 
26 
2 6 '.— ' n 

2% R e srtsln tl B 4o,17oo 
I 
Rest Assoc 
% Rex Noreco 
2% Rib!et Prod l l 
3% Richton 
26e 
3 
IO '* Riley Co 
6 
25' 1 R ioA lgm 
I l l 
4 '* RlsdonM 
4o l l l l ' , R o b in te c h 
2V4 Roblln Ind 
4 
8% Rockway 96 
7 
2% Rocor 
Inn 
8 U Rogers Corp 
1% Ronco Telep 
6 
J U Rossmor Cp IO 
% R oyB usn Fd 
3 
Ruddmk Cp IX 
5 13 5 
4 H R udick pf SA 
5 6V* 
I 
RUSCO Ind 
159 2 
7 
Russel! Cp 4o 4 
141 8Vi» 
5% RustCft 
« 
7 
7o 9% 
15% R va nH 
5o 11x336 
2o 

IO 
19 
X 2 
471 
8o9 ie 
641 
145 
121 
45 
6 
22 
3 
X 
42 

19% 
19% 
1o% 
19' a 
1% 
2V* 
5 ', 
7% 
2 2 ', 
28 
JOH 
15% 
4% 
13 
3 
U H 
2'a 
5U 
% 

18 V* 
I I H v% 
18 
IU 
2 ', 
4% 
6% 
15% 
2 7 ', 
16% 
14' , 
4% 
12 
2% 
MV* 
2 ', 
5 

19% + I 
18'*— 1% 
9%— 
% 
1 8 % - 
% 
1% .......... 
2 H + 
'a 
4 "a— 
' , 
7 
+ 
' , 
21 
+ 5% 
27%— 
V* 
X % «- 3V* 
1 5 ',+ 
'a 
4% .......... 
13 
+ 
% 
3 
.. .. 
I!% — 
% 
2 ', + 
'a 
5'a — 
' a 
, 9 16+1 16 
4% 
5 
+ 
H 
6 H 
AH. ... 
1% 
2 
+ 
Vt 
7% 
8 '/*+ 
% 
I ' * 
9' a + 
% 
I 
18’* — I U 

2'a 
16% 
3 ', 
6% 
13% 
8% 
15% 
IO 
W H 
M U 
IJH 
1o7', 
87 
29% 
12' , 

5% SGL In 
I U SO Sec 
!Ar 
Ste 
12% SGSe pf I 7o 
1% SMD Ind 
4'a SSPInd 
24 
IV* STPCp 
8o 
3 H SaftranSy A 
8% Salem 
89» 
6 
SCarlo I 26e 
8% SDieG pf 
88 
9V, SDieG pf 9o 
IOU SDieGpf 
I 
88 
SDqo pf 9 84 
71 
SDgo pf 7 SO 
26 
SDqo pf 2 68 
3' 1 SanFr 
RE 
U SERE w t 
X U SanJW 2 6o 
1% Sargent Ind 
21 
Sargt p f 2 25 
5% SaundrL 
X 
6% ScheibE 
56 
6% Sehenuit 
6oa 
J 11 S chiller mo 
6% School P 
4o 
SU Schrader 
X 
IU SeiMgt 
o9e 
IO '* S eiAflanfa 
X % Scope In 
5oe 
IO '* S crivner 
TO 
12% S curry Rain 
2 U Sealectr Cp 
H S eaport Cp 
2% Seaprt pf 56 
I 7, Sears Ind 
TH Seam All 
X 
2% 13 16 Sec M ig Inv 
5 16 3 32 S e c M tln w t 
IV , 
AH SelasCp 
X 
2 
1116 S eligm Asso 
6% 
3% Semi ch li t 
J'-, Secvisco 
X 
J U Servo Corp 
5% Seton Co 
AS 
2% Sheers 
I5e 
1o% SharonStl 
I 
7% Shawm 
5ob 
1% Shelter Res 
3% ShndCp 
241 
X ' , Shnandh Oil 
1% Shopwell In 
12' , Showbot 
I 
1% S hulm Tr En 
5% S terrcln 
X 
8% S ifcolnd 
X 
5% Sigma 
2% SikesCp 
3 ', Silo Inc 
2% SimcoS 
6 
Sim kins 

3% 
27 
1o% 
9% 
9V« 
6 
1o% 
8% 
3% 
21', 
26% 
17 
2 1 ', 
5 U 
IU 
4' I 
4% 
1o% 

6% 
5 
8% 
4 'a 
14H 
U U 

8’ a 
33 
3% 
I IH 
SH 
1% 
14 
7% 
4U 
8% 
3% 
W H 
3'z* 
TH 
U H 
4% 
U U 
AH 
14% 
17% 
U H 
14 
U H 
23 
18% 
17 
X U 
IT H 
96 
1o1% 
25 
5U 
IO 
6% 
OH 
6' * 
2% 
2 
I U 
9% 
TU 
• U 
U H 
TH 
U U 
4% 
U H 
IO7 a 
2 6 ', 
I 
27% 
U 
TH 
U H 
2% 
19 
U H 
U 1 

2oe 
A 

 rn do 
I '* S im plex md 
1'a S itkln SmRt 
7% S kyC ily 
2or 
1% Sol Hr on 
6% Sonder 
Brdc 12e 

 s T U 
T 
2J 
8% 
OU 
• H + u 
58 
1% 
IU 
I U — 
H 
4o 
16% 
16U 
1 6 '*+ 
H 
4 
9 
TV* 
2U 
2 ', . . . 
22 
IS 
AV* 
AU 
4 ', . ll 
244 
13% 
U H 
12%— 
'* 
6 
45 
8% 
SU 
8% + 
H 
5 
MS 
13 
U H 
12'*— 
'* 
17 
6% 
AU 
6% + 
76 
IOU 
IO 
1 o '*+ 
4 ll l l l l 
— 
I 
U H 
M U l l ’, 
,65o 
1o6% 1o3 
1o6 
+ 
SH 
<14oo 
87 
85 
85 
. . . 
4o 
2 9 ', 
28U 
2 9 ',+ 
U 
75 
112 
U H l l 
12 
+ 
I 
177 
% 
U 
% + 
V* 
8 
7 
39 
M V, 
38% + 
7 
267 
3% 
3H 
3 ', + 
,2oo 
27 
27 
27 
+ 
% 
4 
13 
9% 
9% 
9% 
9 
131 
7% 
7’, 
7%— 
% 
5 
9 
9' I 
8% 
8%— 
U 
34 
4 
2% 
2% 
2%— 
'» 
7 
16 
7 
6% 
7 
— 
' • 
9 
56 
TV* 
6% 
7 ',+ 
V* 
17 
23 
2 
2 
2 
14 
133 
21 
X V * 
2o% + 
H 
4 
5 
2 4 ', 
24V* 
2 4 ',+ v* 
5 
28 
13% 
U U 
U H ­ 
U 
IO 
9 
17% 
U H 
U H + 
% 
M 
13 
3% 
3V« 
3% 
815 16 
H15 16 + 3-16 
,4oo 
4 
SH 
J '*— 
38 
2% 
2 ', 
2 U + u 
7 sa 
IO ', 
IO 
IO' * — 
H 
271 
2 H 
2 ', 
2 % — 
' , 
31 7 32 5 32 7 32+1 
16 
6 
37 
5% 
SU 
S H ­ 
’, 
45 
I U 
I 
IU + 
U 
9 
34 
SU 
5 
5 ', + 
I/* 
7 
27 
AU 
AH 
6 '* + 
H 
5 
33 
S 
4% 
AU— 
% t 
4 
6 
7% 
I 
+ 
V, 
7 
IS 
3% 
SH 
3% + 
U 
T 
5o 
U U 
12U 
13U + 
% 
9 
126 
9% 
9 U 
9V«— v. 
1o1 
2U 
2U 
2 H + 
V* 
$ 
5 
TU 
7 ', 
TV*— 
H 
35 1o32 
28 * 
27 
2 7U — 
14 
19 
2% 
TH 
2% + 
% 
7 
119 
19 
17% 
U U — 1% 
69 
2% 
2U 
2% + 
U 
7 
IO 
AH 
6 
6 
5 
6 
1o% 
IOU 
1o% + 
H 
6 
49 
7 ', 
6% 
7 H + 
U 
I 
3 
3 
J 
6 
I X iv , 
7 
TH — 
% 
13 
I 
JU 
JU 
3 U + 
U 
6 
I 
9 
9 
9 
— v» 
19 
I i 
2 
IU 
I 7, . 
4 
IU 
1% 
IU 
7 
33 
U H 
IJ H l l ' . 
1o7 
2 U 
2 ', 
J ',— 

3% Sorg Paper 
12 
Sound*n lOe 
1o% SC4 opf 
11% SCJ TPI 
11% SC4 3pt 
12'* SCA 7pf 
.... 
I I ’* SC ED p fl 66 
15% SCS Ip f 
LAS 
MV* SC5 Jp* 
I 3o 
24% SC9 2pf 
23' a SCB Bpt 
81% SCE pf f l u SCE pf 
9 
S w stAir 
2% SwtQFIn 

I o2 
I o6 
I o8 
I 19 

1 1 
2 21 
7 58 
• 7o 
Ole 
IO 

24 
692 
33 
13 
17 
36 
,4oo 
4o 
121 

U U U U H 
4% 
AH 

5 
Spartek 
AO 
4'a Specify Rest 
5% Spec tor 
1o+ 
2% Spec fro 
12! 
4 
1% SpedOP ll* IS 
9 16 Speizmn m d 
JU Spencer Ole 
8 
SU SpencrF 
J2 6 
4% Sol en tex 
48 
6 
A '* Staffo Lewd 
5 
12', StdAlhanc I 
5 
4% StdCont 
IST 
A 
13', StdCoosa 9o 
A 
2% StdMetl 
M i 12 
9 
StdMot A 
48 
6 
J ' * StdPac Corp 
5 
IS H StdProd 
I X 
' I S td P ru d w t 
21% StdShrs 
AOr 
8% Stance 
12 21 
5% Star Ay 
3o+ 
IOU Si ar Sop 
76 
A 
I 
Stardust I n c ^ 
M ', S tarrtM o 
3o 
Tv* Steelm t 
Jib 
13 
S'l-pn Ch 
6o 

13% 
12% n u 
13% 
U H 
21% l l ' , 
17 
27% 
2 7 ', 
♦5 
113 1o3% 1o2 
475 
25 
22% 
SH 
9% 
SH 
7% 

129 
25o 

12% 
1 2 ', 
12% 
12% 
14% 
21% 
17% 
U% 
2 7 ', 
26 
9 4 ', 

X I 
IO 
25 
( I 
B n 
7 
A* 
1o8 
14 
56 
7 
9 
9 
91 
IT I 
JAS 
A x27 

T H U U S te rf E le ctr 
IU 
6% 
WU 
7% 
IH 
AU l l ' I 
U H 
M U 
17% 
AH 
I 
5% 
1% 
I I H 
% 
7 
JA'* 
19% 
W H 
JU 

1% Star I E x t 
IO 
I U Stevcoknlt 
6% Sir ut W 
JOO 
A' / Sue Ann 
24 
% S um m it O ro 
J U S unC ityl 
25 l l ' / Sun El ac 
48 
5 ', Sunair 
45e 

4% 
9% 
5 ', 
AU 
3% 
1% 
% 
4% 
# 
A 
SH 
U H 
5% 
16 
I 
IA Hh r 
. 
I 
H13 1613 16 
26'* 
25 
2 6 ',+ 1% 
IA H 
4 
I I H 
I ' , 
U H iv 

2 H 
% 
4% 
7% 
AU 
4% 
15+* 
AH 
1 6', 
I U 
1$'* 
IO 
* 
■ 

IS 
A ', + 
% 
1 3 ',— 
' , 
U H i i 
- 
’ , 
13H+ 
H 
1 5 ',+ 
% 
J IH — 
' , 
1 1 ',+ 
•« 
17 
+ 
' , 
27% + 
H 
26% + I 
95 
+ AH 
1o3 
+ I 
24’ , + IH 
SH + 
H 
9% + 
% 
5% + 
U 
7% + I 
4% + 
' J 
2 '* + 
% 
% ........ 
A H .......... 
TH— 
' , 
6 ', + 
H 
AU . . . . . 
15%+ 
% 
4 
........ 
IAH 
5 
_ 
I,* 
I A H - 
% 
9 V*— 
'* to' 
I ' , 

1% Sundanc 
2ob 471539 
8% SupFdSv 
32b IO 
34 
J U Supercr 
IO* 
A 
S uplndi 
12b 
3% SupSurg M f 
1% Susquhana 
AU Susquhan pf 
% S u trM tg w t 
AV* Synaloy 
2ob 

IA H 
4 
12 
IU l r * 
IU 
ITV* 
IU 
3 
AV* 
I U 
Sh 

A l l 
IOU 
U U 
17% 
J H 
4 

 i f * 
J ', l i t 

5o l l 3546 

15% 
X U 
I U 
5 
3% 
SU 
19% 
O ', 
W 
% 
Tm 
I H 
3 
2% 
J IH 
U H 
SI 
7 ', 
21% 
TH 
3% 
J U 
9 
AH l l 
6% 
JOH 
49 
96% u 
IMI 
♦% 
U H l l 

3% 
3% 
4% u % 
7% 
AH 
AH 
24 

- 
A x i i 
X a 21 
ST 

 i t 
V , 
» 
A 
94 
1o1 
5 
I 
146 

 y'l5o 
7 1o59 
.. 
T 

X 
Syntax 
12% SyscoCp 
JI 
4% System Eng 
IV, TF ICO Inc 
JU T a lle yln wt 
1o% Tandy Bend 
I I H Tasty 
I 2oa 
I , Tech 
Sym 
2’ a Tee he I Opec 
1% Techcl Tape 
4 27o 
2% T echtrl 
U 
IAU TejonR 
J I* TeleCm 
I ' * Teleflex 
„ . 
’, T e le x Cp wt 
J1, Tem ,* Corp 
AH Termero wt 
1 
Tenney Eng X 
’ • Tensor 
Cp 
111 
W l ’ » ad rn Inc X 
9 
T e rra l. 
4oa 
A 
S3 
TxPL pf4 SA 
2% fe a s te r 
o7e 
1o% Textron wt 
'» Thor 
Cp 
2'k Thoro! M kt iH T h rD D p t 
5+« T h riftim t A 
2 
Tidw ell ind 
SH T ifta n y i 
X 
J 
T im pte m d 
11% Tokheim 
AO 
43 
TOI Ed pf 4 25 
82 t o l p pf8 32 
75' ii Tot Ed pf7 76 
99 
ToiE dpt 
IO 
6% ToppsGu 
28 
1% TorfnCp 
6o 
4% Total P fl NA 
35 1615 l l T p te lP tlw l 
14% 
IO7, Total pf 
TO 
1% Town e n try 
1% Trans Lux 
2% Treadw ay 
o4r 4 19 
1% T ri SIMM 
SO 
T 
14 
3% Tnco m o o5a 7 
UA 
I U Tubo»M U t 
3 
T uft co 
2o* 
16% I w o r t 
IM I 

37 9 l l 
I 
1o6 
6% 

IA H 
IU 
2% 
A 
I 
SH 
H 
I H 
U H 
9% 
IA U 
16% 
3% 
5% 
S 
2% 
1o% 

IA H — 

 i f 
IV * ... 
17 
. . . 
• ' * + 
IA H — 
1% + 
2%— 
A 
— 
• ' , + 
S H + 

24% 
U H 
AH 
1% 
3H 
U H 
19% 

4 u n ­ io n * 
1 8 ',+ 
U H 
J% + 
I + s n + 
1 
. io n - - 
H * U 
4% 
AU 
23% + 
1 6 ',+ 

1% 
3% - 
1 4 % - 
US 

23% 
U U 
4% 
1% 
1% 
14% 
19 
M U IA U 1613 16 + 
7 
J7, 
2% 
2% + sh Sh 
4% 
4 
UU 16 
7% 
7 ', 
18 
17V* 
% S 14 
1% 
JU 
E U 
7% 
1% 
1% 
I ' , 
14 
U H 
57 
4 
14% 
21 

P H 
IU u % 
I * 

I U H 

JU 
4% 

 n u u 
2% 
J** 

' 
24 
I 
167 
,125 
<252o 
<6o 

M 
I 
X U 
46% 
96% 
16% 

SB 
6 '* 
SH 
6 H 
SH 
I I H 
4 IU 
93 
65 

JV«+ 
' , 
4% + 
% 
1 7 '* - 
% 
7% + 
H 
1 7 % - 
V, 
H + 1 14 
J H + 
% 
I - % 
I n - 
* , 
I H - 
H 
1 4 ',— 
V, 
I I 
+ 
H 
57 
+ iv* 
4 % + 
% 
16%— 
% 
% + l 14 r , + h 

6 '*— 
% 
2 H + 
H 
AH— 
H 
5% + v, 
X H + IU 
A l' a + 
H 

1o7% IM H 1o7%+ iv* 
7 V 
U H 
544 
7% 
14427 14 
Si 
43 

L 

2 '* 

 i n 
1o% 
Pm 

W I rn 
12% 

JU 
14' 1 
Ii p 
SH 
M U . 

7 k 
12%+ 
H 
7%. . ..: 
J' , — 1 i i u n — u 
S H . . . 
| U + 
H iv*— 
* , to j n s n - 
% 

 n + 

U L 

P a g e 
8 - C 

Y early 
H igh lo w 
Sale, 
H«t 
|hd» I H igh U w lo s t Chg 

5 ', 
3 
T w in F a ir 
6 
172 
3% 
3 ', 3V*— 
H 
19' j 
U H 
U & l 
I 2oa 3 
8 
14% 
14% IA H — 
% f 
5% 
3 
UIPCp 
.16 
A *71 
3% 
3% 
3 % + 
' , 
SH 
1% UNA Corp 
23 I 7, 
1% 
1% + H 
AH 
27a URSCp 
2oe 
7 
AO A ', 
3% a 
+ ' , 
6% 
3% U V lnd wt 
187 
AH 
AH 4 % + 
Vt 
TH 
3 H Unim ax G rp 
16 
97 
6% 
AH 6 U — 
' , 
5 
1% U nim axG pf 
33 
5 
4U A ', ............ 
9U 
V t UnGasA 
.69 
9 
2 
9V, 
9% 
9 '* + % 
5 
Tv* Un invest 
27 
19 
4% 
A '* 
4 % + 
' , 
W H 
8% U nA trP d 
56 
9 
28 
IO ', 
9 H 
9 H + Va 
SH 
3% Un Asbestos 
5 
91 
3 H 
3% 
3% — I 16 
I U 
% UnBrand w t 
233 
% 
H 
% + 1 1 6 
14'* 
11% 
U ncosFn .5o 7 
5 
12% 
1 2', 12% 
2'a 
I 
Unit Foods . . 1 4 3 
1% 
I ' , 1% + 
V* 
I '* 
U UnNat Corp 
.. 
581 I 
% 
H — H 
H I 32 U n N a tw t n 
.. 
21 
3 32 I 16 3 32 
' 4 ' a 
2 
U Na! Cp pf 
2 
3% 
3% 3% .......... 
7 H 
3'a U Piece Dy 
.. 
34 
SH 
3% 
3 H + V* 
8% 
5 ', US Ban Trst 
. 
63 
8% 
7% 
7 H — 
13', 
8’ a U S F iltr 
24 
9 
945 
1 3 ', 12 
1 3 ',+ Vt 
8% 
SU U n R ltT 
83e 
14 
76 
BH 8% 
8 % + Va 
% 1-16 U n R ltT w t 
.. 
414 
% 5 1 6 
H + l-16 
5% 
3 H IJSNat Rsrc 
4 
184 AU 
3% 
AHA- % 
3% 
1% US Radium 
175 
56 
3% 
3% 3 H ............ 
U U 
7 
USRbR la 
8 
31 
U U 15 
1 5 ', + V* 
34 
18 Unitek. 
3o 
15 x64 
34 
31V* 3 1 ',— 2 
15% 
7 ', U n ityB uy S 
7 
4o 
1o% 
9% 
1o%+ % 
3U 
2 
U nivCig 
o5 
S 
6 
3U 
3'4 
3 ', + 'a 
3% 
% Univ Contnr 
25 TV* 
17, 
2V*+ % 
IAH 
AU UnivRs 
o8a 
16x1127 
IAH 
1 3', 14% + 1% 
1ola 
AU UnivRun 
44 
5 
64 
9% 8% 
9 H + H 
1 4', 
S H UnvSav 
48 
5 
9 
13% 13'* 
13%— Va 
Iv-WX 
9% 
4'a Va I less* 
621 
7 
26 
A7, 
6% 
AH 
13% 
8% Val m ac 
7o 
3 
89 
11% 
MV* 
MV*— % 
5 '* 
3'a Valspar 
28 
9 
13 
4% 
4% 
4 % + ' , 
2% 
IU V LD vC 
o2e 
47 
V t 
2% 
2% + ' , 
1o% 
5% Van D om 
44 
6 
43 
IO ', 
9% 
9% — % 
13% b' t Veecolns 32a 
7 
3o 
13 
12’, 
12'*— V* 
5 
1% V erit md 
5 
34 
2% 
2 ', 
2 ', + Vt 
25% 
247a 
V erm tA n 32 9 
67 
25% 
24H 
25V*........................ 
7% 
2% V ernitron 
7 
212 
4% 
4V< 
4 % - Vt 
2% 
"a V e rtip ll Inc 14 
48 
IV* 
I ' , 
1% ....... 
5% 
2% 
Vesely Co 16 
I* 
3 H 3 H 
3 H — 
2% 
1% viatech Inc 
47 
2s, 1% 
2% + I ' , 
2V* 
% V ik in g Gent 
.. 
1o15 16 
H U 16+ 
4H 
2 
V intage Ent 
46 
2% 
2% 
2+*+ % 
4% 
2 ', Vishay In trt 
5 l l 
2H 
2Vt 
2 H + V* 
3% 
2 
Vol M er 
5 
17 
2U 
2% 
?% — H 
12% 
7% Voplex 
72a 
56 l l 
12% 12 
12% + % 
5'a 
1% Vulcan Corp 
2 
17 
3% 3V* 
3% ........... 
M U 
6% V ulclnc 
5o 
4 
34 
9% 9% 
9Vt........... 
16V* l l Vole Inept I 
.. 
4 
13% 13% 
13%— 
6 
2% WTC Inc IO 
259 
3% 2% 
3 U + 
% 
21V* 
IS H WU I Inc 
8o 
7 
642 21 
1 9 ', 21 
+ I Va 
U H 
3% Wabash 
25e 
7 
197 
11% W H 
1 1 ',+ % 
9% 
S% W acknht 
4o 
7 
MS 
7V* 6% 
7 ', + % 
4% 
1% Wade I Eq 
IO 
12 
2’, 2 
2 H + 
Vt 
7% 
J I* Wainoco Oil 
16 
781 
7% 6V* 
6 H + 
% 
24% 
IA U 
Wa!CON 
5ob 7 
5o 
22% 2o% 
2 2 H + TH 
4% 
2% W allacS 2oe 
7 
46 
4 '* 4V* 
4'/*— Va 
X 
IO ', W angLb 
12 12 
177 
14% 
1 4 ', 1 4 % - 
Vt 
15% 
9% 
Wang LB 
22 IO 
54 
12% 
11% 12 
— 
V* 
IU 
V« W a rd F d s w t 
. 
4 7 16 7 16 7 16— I 16 
S '* 
2 
Wards Co 
4 
62 4% 
4 ', 
4 ', + 
' , 
7% 3 
W are pf COS 
47 
4% 
4 H 
4 % + 
% 
2SU 
2 1 * 
W asPstB 36 l l 
231 
2 5 ', 23% 
24' , — +* 
24% 
14'/* 
W R IT 
I 76 IS 
SI 
24% 23% 
2 4 ',+ Vt b 
2% Watsco 
M i l 
23 3% 
3% 
3% 
... 
3 '* 
1% W eim an Co 
8 l l 2U 
2 ', 
2 ', + 
' , 
SH 
5 U W eldTu Am 
5 
18 6% 
6% 
6 % ....... 
6 ', 
31* Wei leo 
25 l l 
13 AV, 
A 
A H A 
H 
11% 
7% W estChP 4o 
6 
28 8% 
BV, 
I ' * ............ 
53% 
47'/* WTex p f4 .X 
,18o 
53% 52 
53% + 1% liv e 
9 U Westats Ptl 
3o 
214 W 
9% 
9 % + V* 
8U415 U W stD cal 
IO 
12 
13 
SU 7% 
I H A 
% 
9'/* 
AU W stFinl 
15a 
5 
38 7% 
T H 
7% + 
' , 
9% 
6 
W hippny 
AO 
IO 
3 7% 
IV* 
7 % + 
% 
7 
4' t W h ita ker 
4o 
6 
7 AH 
6 
6 U + 
% 
3V* 
1% W hitchal Cp 
6 
32 2% 
2 ', 
2 H + 
% 
IV* 
% W h ltta k r w t . 
251 
% 
Vt 
Vt.......... 
3% 
1% W ichita Ind 
8 
93 3 
2% 
3 
A 
9% 
6' ■■ W mhous 
36 
9 
52 8 H 
TH 
8 U + 
’* 
4% 
2% W ilson Br 
3o 
5 
99 4 ', 
4 
A U ....... 
11 
7V* W inklm n 
4o 
5 
271 8V* 
7% 
8 
A 
V* 
4V* 
IV* Winston M il 
7 
13 1% 
1% 
1%— 
V* 
54H 
48 WisP pf 4 5o 
,6o 53% 
52 
53% + 
Aa 
3Vt 
1% W olf 
HowB 32 
12 
2% 
TV* 2' , .......... 
5% 
3 
Wood Ind 
13 
4U 
3% 
3 % - % 
11% 
5 '* W orcest Cfi 
23 
1o2 
7 U 
6 '* 
7U + % 
12% 
6 U W orkW r 
6o 
6 
53 
11% l l ' , 
11% + % 
6' j 
3' a W rather o5e 
12 
42 
4% 4U 
4%, 
I U 
% W rig h t M ar 
IO 
43 
U13 
1613.16 A I 16 
6% 
3% Wyl e l ab 
78 A 
115 
6 ', 5% 
6'a 
M U 
7 W ynnln 
15e 
6 
3o1 M U 
1o% 
1 o % - 
% 
13 
9' 2 W ym Bn SA 
9 
1o3 13 
12V* 
13 
W H 
12 Xonics Inc 
13 332 W H 
15 
17 
A 
I 7, 
— Y-Z — 
8% 
7% ZeroCo 
28 
6 
59 
8% 
8 U 
8 % + V* 
12 
4 ', Zim m er 
o6e IO 
55 
V t 
VZ* 
VZ*— ' , 
W E E K L Y A M E R IC A N STOCK SALES 
Total tor week 
...............................................................15.3X.ooo 
Week ago 
.................................................................... 17.24o,ooo 
Y ear ago 
.....................................................................13,8X425 
Jan I to date — .................................................... 15,32o,ooo 
1976 to date 
......................... 
543,44o.o26 
Amex 
O ptions 

F rid a y . 
& p rice 
25 

Jan. 7 
Jan 
A pr 
7% 
8% 
3 '* 
4 '* 
5 '* 
3 16 
19 16 2U 
3H 
3 '* 
3% 
H l l 16 l l 16 
9 16 
1% 
2% 
7 16 
H 
29 16 
3 
7 16 
% 
2% 

3o 
35 
25 
3o 
X 
35 
15 
2o 
25 
3o 
8o 
7'. 
9o l l 16 
IOO 
< 
MO 
25 
AU 

Jul Close b 
33% 

116 
2 
I 16 
2U a 
7 16 15 16 
9% 
SH 
IU . 
5 16 
6 '* 

 l l _ 
6 ', b b 
AU 
3o 1916 21 16 29 16 
. . 
35 
IS 
X 
. . . » 
% 
. . 3 5 a 
45 
5% 
46% 
4V* 
SO 19 16 
53% 
'* 
56% 
6o 
38% 
43% 
.. 
45 
48' J 
SO 
58 V* 
IX 
13o 
14o 
14 

% 
1% 21 16 b 
3 16 
% 
1% 

I -16 
I 16 
6 
1% b 
3 16 b a 
12 
3 
3 16 

T% 
6% 
5 
JU 
IU 
IU 
7% 
4 
3’, 
2 
IU 
% 
14 
IV* 
3’* 

IS 1716 
15 b 
2o a 
25 a 
» 
25 
3o 

2'a213 16 
2% b 
2% 
% 11-16 
6% t a 
I 7, 
2U 
1%211 16 
3V* 
9 16 IS 16 

33% 
33% 
28'a 
28% 
SOU 
3o' a 
17 
17 
27 a 
27’ a 
•7 
87 
87 
87 
47' / 
47'J 
49' x 
17 
17 
X 
JO 
5o% 
5o+* 
5o+k 
SOT* 
5o% 
5o% 
4 5 ', 
45H 
45H 
45'a 
A51 a 
45'a 
132V* 
. . . . 132'« 
5 V* 132' * b 
16% 

 b 
I'm 
% 
2% l l 16 
9U 
SU 
6% 
AH b 
2’ * 
8% 
5% 
4% 
3 V* 
2% b 
16’, 
IO' 

1% 

16% 
16% 
16% 
S IU 
J IH 
26% 
26% 
35 a b 
26% 
X 
3 
3H 
A 
23 
25 
I 16 
H 
13 U 
23 
15 
7 16 I * 16 
I ' , 
U U 
2o 
I 16 
’, b 
IS H 
25 
3% 
JU 
37, 
28% 
3o 
I 16 
Vt 
% 
28% 
25 
2H 
JH 
3% 
27 7» 
3o 
I 16 IS 16 
IU 
TTH 
15 a 
6 a 
21'« 
2o l l 16 
I U 
2 
2 1 '. 
25 b 
V* 
H 
21'* 
45 
TH a a 
47U 
SO 
1% 
TH 
47U 
X 
4 ', 
5 
SU 
24% 
25 
5 16 
1% 27 16 
24% 
3o 
I U 
H b 
24% 
25 
IO a b 
35 
M 
5 
6 
7 
35 
35 l l 16 
2% 
37, 
35 
4o b nu u 
35 
45 
9>* a 
IO7, 
53% 
SO 
AU 
5% 
7U 
53s* 
6o 
15 16 
J U 
53% 
25 
JU a 
AU 
J I '. 
M 
IS u 
19 16 
28% 
4o 
9 16 
IU 
VZ* 
39’ * 
45 a 
7 16 b 
39% 
6o 
H 
27 16 
A 
M U 
8o 
12 b b 
91V. 
X 
I 7* 
4% 
AU 
91’ . 
IOO a 
IS U 
2 91% 
ISMS 16 27 16 

Option 
Aetna 
Aetna 
A etna 
Am Cya 
Am Cya 
Am Horn 
A m Horn 
A sarco 
A sarco 
Beat F 
Beat F 
Burrqh 
B u rrq h 
B u rra h 
B u rrq h 
Chase 
Chase 
Chase 
C Tel 
. 
C Tel 
Deere 
D eere 
Dig Eq 
R io e g 
Dig Eq 
Dig Eq 
D ig E q 
Dig Eq 
Disney 
Disney 
Disney 
Disney 
Disney 
D isn e y do Pot du Pnt du P nt 
FSI Ch 
F st Ch 
F it Ch 
F st Ch 
G T el 
G Tel 
. b ille t 
O llie ! b ille t 
Goodyr 
Good y r 
G re yhd 
G re y h d 
G ulf O 
G ulf O 
Hercul 
H e rc u l 
M F C 
M F C 
H F C 
L illy 
L illy 
M e rril 
M e rr il 
M e rr il 
M esa P 
Mesa P 
Mesa P 
M esa P 
M otrl a 
M o trl a 
M o tr l* 
Pfizer 
P tiie r 
P he lp s 
P helps 
Ph M ot 
P roc G 
Proc G 
P ro c G 
R ite A 
R ite A 
St Cal 
St Cal 
SI Cal 
T R W 
T R W 
Tandy 
Tandy 
Tandy 
Tandy 
Texaco 
Texaco 
U Carb 
U Carb 
U Carb 
U S S ! 
U S S * 
U S S ! 
W rn I m 
W rn Lm 
Westnq 
W a lin g 

A M P 
A M F 
A M F 
A S A 
A S A 
A S A 
A S A 
Ayne! 
A vn et 
Cat O 
Caterp 
C a te rp 
Con Ed 
Con Ed 
O r Pep 
E l Pas 
Fieetw 
F te e tw 
G race 
G ra ce 
La Pac 
La Pac 
L a Pac 
La Pac 
La Pac 
La Pac 
M G IC 
MG IC 
N D is ! 
N D ist 
N o n s 
N on S 
Penney 
Penney 
Penney 
Penney 
P hil P 
P h il P 
Rev OO 
Re* OC 
Re* GG 
Sear ie 
M a rie 
Simp P 
S im p P 
S im p P 
Sierlq 
St w ig 
I eonco 
T ennco 
T ennco 
Tiger 
T ig e r 
Zap (th 
Zenith 
Zwnth xx a 
•!* n q I 
Total volum e 4o,45IOpen interest 
M/.S66 

2o l l * 
7 U 
13 16 
16% 
M 
IO b b 
4o% 
35 
5 
S ', a 
4o% 
4o 
7 16 
»H :21 16 
4o% 
35 
2 
1 a 
3 7 ', 
4o 
I 16 IS U 
IU 
3 7 ', 
V 
U U 
U H b 
42 v. 
35 
7% 
8 
I U 
42% 
4o 
2H 
AU 
SU 
42** 
45 
H 
1V*JU 16 
42% 
25 29 16 
2% 
JU 
27U 
3o 
I 16 
H 
H 
77% 
5o 
9% 
IOU a 
59' 1 
6o 
Ta 
3U 
AU 
59’ » 
7o a 
'* 
I san 
45 
2% 
AU 
SH 
47’ , 
5o 
% 17 16 
2H 
47' , 
55 a 
H 
J 
47’ J 
M l l 16 
J ', 
2% 
JO7, 
35 a 
H 
H 
M% 
IS 
3 
3H 
3% 
W H 
2o 
I 16 l l 16 
IH 
U ' * 
F eh 
May 
U 
57, a 
JI 
2o 
1HM 1 16 25 U 
21 
25 a 
5 16 b i t 
IO 
U U a b 
J IH 
IS 
6 
6' i b 
21% w i n )6 
2% 
SH 
J IH 
25 
5 16 
I 
1% 
I I H 
IS 
J'* 
A 
AH 
M U 
2o 
7 16 l l 16 
IH 
I I H 
6o 
9 16 b b 
SAU 
55 
2 
JU 
AH 
SAH 
65 
I 16 a a 
5 6'* 
IS 
6% 
AH 
AU 
J IH 
X 
Th 
1% 
2 
J I'* 
IS 
7 16 
I 
IS 16 
IA U 
IS 
9 16 
H 
IS 
15213 U 
Me 
3% 
U U 
• TO 
S U 
IU 
19 U 
U U 
25 
4% 
SH 
5% 
3o 
M 
% 
17 u r n u 
3o 
9% 
TV* b b 
17% 
IO 
7 
VZ* b 
U U 
14V* 25 U b b 
ITV* 
15 
J", 
J 
3 H 
U U 
19% b b 
U ', 
2o 
H 
H iv . u v * 
IS 
SH 
SH 
AH 
19% 
IO 
IU 
JU 
JU 
19% 
25 
9 16 13 U U l 16 
IA U 
3o 
I U 
H b 
24% 
19' , 
IS 16 a b 
2o * 
X a 
IV* a 
2o% 
45 
4% 
7 b 
49% 
SO 
IU 
SU 
AU 
4o V* 
55 
7 16 
IU 
JU 
49’ * 
6o a 
H 
IU 
49% 
6o 
AV* a a 
AS7, 
7o 
' , 
I I H 
25 U 
63% 
IO 
9 H 
9H b 
IP 1 
15 
4 ', 
SH 
SU 
M U 
X 
IU 
IU 
7% 
M1, 
IO 
3% 
3 ', 
J7, 
U U u 
9 U 
U U 
13% 
IO 
SU a 
6 
U H 
.Is 
13 16115 16 
JU 
U U 
. 
2o 
3 16 b b 
IS H 
15 15 16 
2 
SU 
16% 
» 
I 16 
U u 
U H 
3o 
AV* 
AH 
6% 
JAH 
35115 IO 
2V.2I3 16 
34% 
4o 
3 H 
H u 
36% 
3V* 
JU 
3% 
U U 
. ’U 
V* l l 16 l l 16 
IJ H 
. M i l l U 
2% ft llwMi 
H 
IS U 
35 a 
U b 
2S! t 

Money rate» 

NEW Y O R K (A P ) - M oney ra tes for 
F ride y 
P rim # re t# S S ', 
Discount ra te SH 
Federal fund* m a rke t ra te 4% high, 4% tow. 4% close 
Dealer s c o m m e rcia l paper 3o ISO days 
4> * 4% 
C om m ercial paper placed by finance com pany X 27o days 4% 4% 
Bankers acceptance rates d e a le r in d.caligns. X 59 days. 4 75 4 7o 6o *9 days. 
4 / 5 * 7o 
9o 119 day*. 
4 77 4 72, 
IX 179 days 4 IO 4 75 
18o 27o days. 4 15 4 IO 
C ertificates of deposit. » 59 d ay* 
4% 
4U 
6o*» days 
4% 4H 
9o 119 days. AU 
4% 
1X179 days. av, a h , im JAO days. 
A% 5 
Tclerete money m a rk e t index A la unch fro m Thursday ♦ Of OI fro m Thursday 
E urodollar rates, overnight 
I H I 
116mon lh 5 516 57 16, 3 m onths A H S 6 
(months SS la S7 16, I year SH SH. 

P a g e 
9 - C 
S a n A n t o n i o E X P R E S S - N 
E W 
S — 
S a t u r d a y J a n u a r y 8 
1 9 7 7 

Investment trusts 

W e e k ly In vestin g lest 
N E W Y O R K ( A P ) 
C om panies g iv in g the high lo w and las" p rices tor the week w ith the net change from the p re vio u s w e e k 's last p rice 
A il quotations, supplied b y the N ational 
Association o l 
Se cu rities 
D e ale rs. 
In c ., retlect net asset v alu e s, a t w h ich secu ritie s co u ld h a ve been sold. 
High L o w L a s t 
Chg 
A G E F u n d 
5.54 
5 47 
5 54+ .o6 
A corn Fu n d 
14.32 14 17 14 32+ .22 
A d va n ln v n l l 16 
1o 88 
1o 88— .36 
Aetna F u n d 
7 94 
7 72 
7.72— .26 
A etn aln co m S h r 
13 2o 
13.o6 
13 o6— .22 
A fu tu re F d n 
9 65 
9.41 
9 5o— .19 
A H A m er F u n d un avail 
A llstate S tk F d 
A lpha Fu n d 
A m B irth rg h t T r 
A m E q u ity F d 
A m e rica n F u n d s: 
Am B a la n c e 
A m cap 
Fu n d 
A m M u tu al F d 
B o n d Fd A m 
C a p F d Am 
G row th F d A m 
In c o m e F d A m 
InvC oA 
N e w P e rs p F d 
W ash M u tl In v 
A m er G e n e r a l: 
A Gen C ap Bd 
A G e n C a p Gds 
A Gen in co m e 
A G en V e n tu re 
E q u ity O rth 
F undo ! Am 
Pro vid en t Fd 
A m G ro w th F d 
Am In s& ln d 
A m In ve sto r n 
A rn N at G row th 
A nchor G ro u p 
D aily in co m e 
G ro w th Fu n d 
Incom e 
S p e c tru m 
Fundm In ve st 
W ashin g Nat 
Audax Fund 
A xe H o u g h to n : 
Fund B 
Incm Fn d 
Stock Fu n d 
B L C G ro w th F d 
BabsonIncom n 
Babson In vm t n 
Beacon H ill M I n 
B e a co n ln v n 
Borger G rou p : 
1oo Fu n d 
1o1 Fu n d 
B e rk sh ire C ap 
Bondstock C d 
Bo stFound 
+d 
B rw n F d H a w a ii 
C alvin B u llo ck 
Bullock Fund 
C a n a d ia n .F n d 
Dividend Shrs 
M onthly In cm 
Nation W id e s 
N Y V e n tu re 
C G Fund 
CG 
In co m e F d 
C a p itP re s rv 
F d 
C entury 5Hr T r 
C hallenger In v 
Charter F d Inc 
Chase G r Bos 
F und 
F ro n tie r Cap 
Sharehold 
Special 
Cheapside D o u r 
Ct m eal Fu n d 
C N A M g e m t F d S 
L ib e rty Fu n d 
M an h attan F d 
Schuster 
Fd 
Colonial 
C o nvertib le 
F und 
Grw th Shr 
Incom e 
C o lum bG rth n 
C o m w thT r A B B 
C o m w lthT r C 
Com posite B B S 
Com posite F d 
Co ncordFd n 
Consolidat In v 
C onstellnG th n 
Cont M u tin y n 
C nuntryC ap In 
D a vid a e F u n d n deVeghtM ut n 
D e law are G ro u p : 
D e catu r 
Inc 
D e law are F d 
D e lch ester Bd 
D elta T ren d 
D ire cto rs C ap 
Dodo Cox 
B a l 
D odgC xStk n 
Drexel B u m h m 
D reylu s G rp : 
D re y(US 
E q u it y 
L e v e ra g e 
Liq u id A ssets 
Special Incom 
T a x E x e m p t 
Third Century 
E a q ie G rth Shr 
Eato n .H o w a r d 
B a la n c e Fu n d 
Fo ursq u ar Fd 
G ro w th Fu n d 
Incom e Fu n d 
Special 
F u n d 
Stock Fu n d 
E d ie S p lG th n 
E g re t Fu n d 
E lto n T ru sts 
F a irfie ld Fu n d 
F a r m B u r M ot 
Fed erated Fu n d s 
Ani L e a d e rs 
E m p ire 
F d 
Fo urth E m p ir la x F re e 
F id e lity G ro u p 
Bond Deb 
Capital 
Contrafund 
D a ily in co m e 
D e s tin y 
E q u ity Incom 
M ag ellan 
M uni Bond 
F id e lity 
P u r it a n 
Salem 
T h rift T rust 
Trend 
Fin a n c ial P ro g : 
O y n a m F d n 
In d u stF d n 
In co m e F d n 
F st in ve sto rs 
D isco very 
Fu n d G ro w th 
Incom e 
Stock Fu n d 
F irs tM u ltitn d n 
Fo rty Fo u r WU n 
"Found G ro w th 
Fo unders G ro u p 
G row th 
Incom e 
M utual 
Special 
Fra n k lin G ro u p 
D N TC 
G row th 
U tilitie s incom e Stk 
U SGO vt Sec 
Wear ch C ap it 
R e srch E q u ty 
F r a n k in L f E q ty 
F d F o r M u tD n 
Fund pack 
F u n d Inc G rp 
C o m m erce F d 
Im p act Fu n d 
Indus! 
T rend 
Pilot Fu n d 
G e n E IS A S P r F d 
G e n S c c u rit n 
G row th tnd n 
H am ilton 
Fund H D * 
G ro w th F u n d 
Incom e 
H a rtw e iio rth n 
H a rtw llL e v e r n 
H eritag e 
F u n d 
Holding 
T rust 
H o ra ce M an n F d 
IS I G roup 
G row th 
Incom e 
Trust Shares 
Trust U n its 
Im p erial C e p F d 
Im p erial O rth 
In d u stry Fu n d i n t e g 6 n G rw t im In ve sto rs 
Invest God n 
Invest in d icato r 
In ve stT r 
Bds 
In v Counsel 
C ap ernu tie* 
Capii Stirs Inc 
Investors G ro u p : 
ID S Bond 
ID S G ro w th 
ID S N e w D im 
M utual mc 
P ro g re s s ive 
Stock 
S e le ctive 
V a ria b le P a y 
Invest R e s e a rc h 
Islet F und Inc ly y F u n d n 
) P G ro w th F d 
Ja n u s F u n d n 
John H an co ck 
B a la n c e 
Bond 
G ro w th 
JiY in stn M u t n 
Keysto ne Fu n d s. 
Apollo 
F und 
In ve ste d 
B l 
Mud G B O B2 
Disc B d B4 
Incom F d K l 
G ro w th F d K 2 
H iG rC o m E l 
Incom Stk S2 
G row th J J lo P r C o n t S4 
P o la ris 
L a n d m a rk G th 
Lexington G rp 
Cotp L e a d e r* 
Lexingtri O rth 
L e k ing Incom 
I e * m g in B sh 
L itrtn s In v 
Lin coln N atl 
Select A m n 
SetertSpec n 
Loo m is S a ytes 
C ap ital n 
M utu al n 
Lord Ah*>c4f 
A ffilia te d F d 
Bond DeO 
Incom e 
L uttiei an B ro 
Fund in c o m e 
M unic (pal 
U S G o v f Sec 
M ,issachusett Co 
Freed o m F d tndepend Fd 
M as’ 
I d 
M a ss F m o ttcl: 
M IT 
MIC. 
M ID 
M F D 
M C D 
* 
M F B 
M a th e r* ? nd n 
M L 
C ap 
M L 
R d y A s 
M id A inee 
M o n e yM k M g t n 
M O N Y F u n d 
M S B F und 
M u tu al 
B en efit 
M IF I und 
M IF G ro w th 
M utuaiot O m aha 
A m e r ic a 
G row th 
Incom e 
M utual Sh rs n 
N E A M u tu a l 
N utllnd ost n 
Nat Sen ut Ser 
B a la n ce d 
Bond 
D ivid en d 
G ro w th 
P ie te rro d 
Incom e 
Stock 
N E L it e F ie ld 

9 56 
11.45 
9 77 
5 14 

8 35 
5 67 
1o o5 
15 28 
6 71 
4 69 
16 67 
14 63 
16 6o 
7 24 

9 o7 
4 35 
6 65 
11 37 
7o2 
691 
3 96 
5 48 
4 99 
5 45 
2 81 

1.oo 
7 OI 
7 5o 
4 9o 
7 16 
1o 66 
7 98 

8 o8 
5 o5 
6 39 
1o 83 
I 82 
1oo1 
8 79 
9.76 

7 55 
9 32 
8 46 
5o1 
9 69 
3 6o 

13 51 
7 86 
3 26 
15 o9 
1o 38 
11 55 
1o 52 
8 75 
1 OO 
11 48 
1o.44 
14,19 

665 
3 76 
7 69 
5 66 
11 98 
8 o2 

4 63 
2 76 
7 39 

9 29 
996 
5 IO 
8 88 
15 9o 
I o3 
I 53 
9 17 
8 o6 
12 24 
11 OO 
6 37 
681 
12 21 
7 7o 
32 56 

12 4o 
I I TO 
9 56 
4 9o 
4 21 
23 o3 
16 85 
1o l l 

12 94 
5 56 
IS 49 
1o o3 
7 3o 
15 SO 
12 71 
9 86 

9oo 
8 68 
9 o6 
6 21 
6 o3 
« 69 
17 17 
11 23 
14 92 
IO 41 
886 

9 28 
19 47 
IR 4o 
13 OO 

8 96 
9o3 
12 61 
IOO 
9 22 
15 74 
22 49 
1o 4o 
16 64 

9.35 
11,17 
9 67 
5 19 

8 25 
5 59 
9 94 
15 25 
6 57 
4 59 
16 52 
14 33 
16 3o 
7 16 

9o3 
4 26 
6 61 
11 o9 
6 87 
6 77 
3 94 
5 43 
4 9o 
5 32 
2 78 

I OO 
6 86 
7 45 
4 77 
7 o3 
1o 4o 
7 86 

7 93 
5 o4 
6 26 
IO 74 
I 82 
9 79 
8 67 
9.59 

7 38 
9 17 
8 29 
4 98 
9 6o 
3 49 

13 32 
7 76 
3 19 
14 97 
1o 24 
11 37 
1o 29 
8 72 
1 OO 
11 33 
1o 28 
13 96 

6 5o 
3 <# 
7 55 
5 57 
11 73 
7 86 

4 55 
2 7o 
7 27 

9 25 
9 83 
5oo 
8 85 
15 59 
I o2 
I SI 
9 l l 
7 88 
12 18 
1o 75 
6 16 
6 69 
12 oo 
7 52 
31 99 

12 25 
I I 54 
9 38 
4 81 
4 13 
22 76 
16 62 
9 93 

12.71 

V t 
1o o2 
7 28 
15 44 
12 46 
9 75 

8 61 
8 49 
8 87 
6 o9 
5 95 
9 43 
16 88 
1o 92 
14 65 
IO 17 
86o 

9 35— .23 l l 23— .24 
9 73— o6 
5 19— 
18 

8 25— 
12 
5 6o— o9 
9 94— 
22 
15.27+ .o6 
6 6o- .15 
4 62— .o7 
16 54- .39 
14 3 7 - .32 
16 3o— 26 
7 18— .o7 

9 o7+ .o6 
4 2 7 - 
IO 
6 6 2- 
13 l l 25— .1o 
6 87— .17 
6 78— l l 
3 96+ 
o2 
548+ 
o6 
4 9 3 - .o7 
5 4o— .o5 
2 Bl + .o2 

I oo 
6 8 7 - 
17 
7 46— .OS 
4 .8 o - 
‘ 
7 o 4 - 
1o 4o- 
7 96— 

7 93— 
5 o4 + 
6 28— 
IO 78- - 
I 82 
9 79- 
8 69— 
9.62— 

7 49— .o4 
9 25- .o8 
8 3o- 
17 
4 9 8 - o5 
9 61— .o8 
3.49- .12 

13 36— .17 
7.84- 
OI 
3.19— .o9 
14 9 7 - .1o 
1o 25— .14 
11 41— .17 
1o 31— .22 
8 7 2 - 
1 OO 
11 3 6 - 
1o 34 - 
14 o9 - 

.o1 

Side 
14 34 
U U U 
N euberger B e rm 
E n e rg y n 
14 58 
14 37 
G u a rd ia n M n 
28 87 
28 39 
P a rtn e rs n 
93o 
9 22 
N e u w irth F d n 
864 
8 46 
M ew W ortd Fd l l 43 l l 33 
Newton Fund l l 96 l l 74 
N ew to n ln vst F d 
1o67 
IO *6 
N ichO lasFd ln n 
14 41 
14 17 
N o m ura C a p F d 
9 82 
965 
N o re astln v n 
15.o6 
IS OI 
O m ega Fu n d 
O n e w illia m n 
1o 2o 
1o.o5 
14 96 
14.66 
O ppenbeim er Fd 
Oppenbm 
F d 
6 58 
6 46 
Opp Inc Bos 
869 
8.67 
M e r y B r 
I OO 
I OO 
T a x F r e e B d 
IO 45 
IO 45 
A IM 
9 61 
9 43 
T im e 
7 29 
7 16 
O verC ou n t Sec ll 7o 
116) 
P a ra m t M u tu al 
8 78 
8 69 
P au l R e ve re 
6 13 
5 99 
Penn S q u are n 
8 34 
8 TS 
Pen n M u tu a! n 
3 67 
3 59 
P b ila Fu n d 
7 28 
7 17 
PhoenixC ap F d 
8 54 
8 39 
Phoenix Fd 
9 72 
9 68 
P ilg rim G rp 
P ilg rim F o rm 
13 44 
13 2o 
P ilg rim 
Fd 
8 44 
8 3o 
M ag n aC ap n 
3 59 
3 52 
M ag n a Incom 
Pin e Street n 
9 24 
9 19 l l 49 l l 32 
Pio n eer Fu n d . 
Fund 
14 S3 
14 38 ll 
14 64 
4 45 
Plan n ed in vest 
12 27 l l 26 
P l igrow tti Fnd l l 52 ll 31 
P litre n d Fnd 
7 82 
7 73 
P ric e Funds 
G ro w th F d n 
11 23 
IO 73 
Incom e n 
IO 22 
9 92 
N e w E r a n l l 66 l l JO 
N e w H o rirn n 
7 29 
7 ca 
P ro F u n d n 
592 
5 84 
P ro vid o r G rth 
8 o4 
7 91 
P ru S IP 
IO 41 
IO 13 
Pu tn am Fu n d s: 
Convert 
12 OI l l 93 
Equit 
1o 54 
IO 23 
G eorge 
14 23 
14.o5 
G row th 
IO 77 
IO 55 
In c o m e 
8 o2 
8 OI 
Invest 
8 21 
7 98 
Vista 
1o 85 
IO 54 
Voyage 
R a in h o w F d n 
12 39 
1.91 
12 IO 
I 86 
R e s e rv e F d n 
1.oo 
I OO 
R e v e re Fyn d 
5 51 
5.43 
Safeco Eq u it F d 
9 13 
8 68 
Safeco G row th 
9.o1 
8 64 
Scudder 
Fun d s: 

W H A T T H E S T O C K M A R K E T D IO 
T w o 
T h is P re v . Y e a r , Y e a r s w eekw eekag o ago 
Ad vances 
989 
1628 
18o7 
1 67o 
Declines 
Unchanged 
Total issues 
. . 
N ew y e a rly highs 
N e w y e a rly low s 

6 5o- 
3 72— 
7 55- 
5 5 7 - 
11.74— 
7 8 7 - 

4 57— 
2 71— 
7 3 7 - 

9 26- 
9 85— 
5 O I— 
8 87 
IS 69 - 
I o 2- 
1 51- 
9 12- 
7 96— 
12.23 + 
1o 75— 
6 17- 
6 71— 
12 o2- 
7 54- 
32 o 2 - 

12 3 3 - .o5 l l 5 6 - .16 
9 41— .16 
4 9o+ .OI 
4 17+ .o3 
22 78— .27 
16 66- .24 
9 98— 
17 

12 76— 
5 53— 
15 27— 
1o o 7 - 
7 28— 
15 5o + 
12 6 5 - 
9 78 + 

8 6 1 - 
8 49— 
8 88 - .25 
6 o9 - ll 
5 9 8 - .o3 
9 4 3 - .3o 
17 O I— .o7 
1o 9 2 - .33 
14 6 7 - .92 
IO 2o— .2: 
8 6 1 - .2 

9 12 
19 18 
18 IO 
12 99 

8 91 
8 BO 
12 38 
I OO 
9 o9 
15 62 
22 ll 
1o 38 
16 39 

9 12— 
19 23— 
18 17— 
12 99 

 l l 13 
11o3 
4 84 
4 76 l l 56 
22 18 l l 49 
21 TO 

8 91 — 
8 8o— 
12 4o— 
I OO . 
9 22+ 
,o8 
15 74 + .o4 
22 49 + .13 
1o 4o + 
o2 
16.45- .23 l l o7— 
19 
4 S I — o3 
11 49- .o8 
21 81— .43 

4 79 
4 42 
7 92 

583 
7 o4 
9 21 
8 72 
8 47 
15 98 
4 IO 

4 69 
12 85 
9 39 
8 76 

7 o2 
5 77 
4 85 
1 8o 
9 95 
2 43 
3 38 
9 o3 
8 78 
8 48 

9 26 
8 23 l l 14 
8 66 
27 83 
9 67 
18 85 

4 49 
6 95 
7 91 l l 51 
7 6o 
I 33 
1 oo 
16 14 

4 68 
3 61 
1o*6 
2 88 
8 55 
I 69 
3o9 
8 41 
764 
8 68 
I 6o 
1o 84 

8 85 
6 l l 

6oo 
5 54 
49o 
9 46 
3 71 
19 85 
9 75 
6 77 
5 JO 

11 45 
18 o9 

9 35 
19 8o 
6 29 
21 72 

4 o4 
18 71 
19 54 
8 45 
7 83 
5 77 
19 45 
9 85 
7 75 
3 75 
3 32 
7 24 

14 77 
8 83 
1o 73 
16 o6 
7 41 

7 34 
13 7o 

W 97 
1391 

I 46 
I I 6o 
3 57 

1o 94 
9 3o 
1o I ) 
1o o6 

• 28 
7 59 
1o 98 

4 72 
4 36 
7 86 

5 77 
6 87 
9 19 
8 56 
8 35 
15.7o 
4 o2 

4 6o 
12 67 
9 22 
8 59 

6 89 
5 46 
4 82 
1 79 
99o 
2 36 
3 32 
8 94 
8 56 
8 29 

9 o7 
8 16 
1o 92 
8 43 
27 23 
9 47 
18 46 

4 4o 
6 84 
7 81 
11 29 
7 35 
I 31 
I OO 
IS 78 

4 6? 
3 SS 
1o S6 
7 86 
8 38 
7 53 
3 o7 
8 37 
I 39 
I 56 
I 58 
I O U 

8 79 
6o3 

5 96 
5 45 
4 79 
9 33 
J 16 
19 47 
963 
6 63 
5 19 
2o 47 
6 58 
11 18 
17 68 

9 71 
19 6o 
6 13 
71 25 

396 
I I 13 
19 51 
8 41 
7 79 
J 17 
» OI 
969 
7 61 
3 66 
3 25 
7 IO 

14 19 
I 71 
1o 66 
15 71 
7 JO 

7 71 l l 47 

K) 61 
13 65 

I 34 
It 56 
355 

IO 74 
9 27 
1o 12 
WOO 

8 2o 
7 41 
IO 82 

4 76 + 
4 18- 

5 82 + 
6 9 o - 
9 2o- 
• 6o- 
8 4o— 
15 98 
4 o3— o5 

4 S i­ l l 75— 
9 2 4 - 
8 69— 

6 9 2 - 
5 6 9 - 
4 8 3 - OI 
1 8o+ 
o2 
9 9 o- 
2 36+ 
OI 
3 36 
8 9 6 - 
17 
8 5 6 - 24 
8 42+ 
o6 

9 1 6 - 
16 
8 2o- .' 
1o 9 6 - 
I 4 9 - 
27 23— I 
9 4 6 - 
1 8 5 6 - 

4 4o— 
6 8 9 — 
7 Bi­ l l 4 o - 
7 49 
I . JI 
I OO 
15.87- 

4 65 + 
3 SS— 
1o 56— 
I 86— 
8 4 o - 
7 5 6 - 
3 o9 + 
6 37 
7 39 F 
8 6 2 - 
I S i­ lo 62- 

8 85 I 
6 l l i 

Intl Fund 
M M u n i Bd 
Special n 
B alan ced n 
Com mon St n 
M an a g e R e s n 
S e cu rity Fu n d s 
E q u it y i 
Invest 
U ltra 
Sentinel G roup 
Apex 
F und 
Bala n ce d Fd 
Com m on Stk 
Sentinel G row th 
Sentry Fund 
Shareholders G p ; 
Com stock Fd 
E n te rp ris e F d 
F le tch e r 
Fd 
H arbo r Fu n d 
Legal 
List 
P a c e Fu n d 
Shearson Funds 
A ppreciation 
Incom e 
In vest ierraG th n 
Sh rm n D e an n a m a Funds 
Capital invest 
Trust Sh 
V en ture Shr 
Sis K em p er 
K em p Incom e 
K em p M onM k 
Kem p M u n B d 
Sup G ro w th 
Sup Incom e 
Sup Sum m it 
Technology 
S m th B a rE q t n 
S m th B a r l& G n 
SoGen Int 
Southwstn Inv 
So u th w n ln v Gth 
Sovereign Inv 
S p e c tre F d n 
State B o n d G r: 
C om m on Fd 
D iversified F 
Pro g ress Fd 
S ta tF a rm G th n 
S ta tF a rm B a l 
S ta le st Inv 
Stead m an Fu n d s 
A m e rin d n 
A sso FT ru st n 
Invest n 
O cean o g ra n 
Stein Roe F * 
B a la n c e n 
CapO o n 
Stock n 
Su rv e y o r Fd 
Tem pG tti 
Can 
T e m p ln v F d n 
T ran sam Cap 
T ran sa m Invest 
T ra v e le rs E q F d 
TudorH edge n 
TOttiCent G rth 
2othCent Inc 
U S A A C a p G th n 
U S A A In c F q 
I 
U S G o vt 
Secur 
U n it M utu al 
Unlfund 
Union Svc G rp 
Broad St 
Inv 
Nat Invest 
Union Capitol 
Untonlnc Fd 
United Fu n d s 
A ccu m u ltiv 
Bond 
Cont G row th 
Cont Incom e 
Incom e 
Science 
V ang uard 
U n itS v c s F d n 
V alue L in e Fd 
V a lu e Lin e 
Incom e 
L e v rg e d G rth 
Spec! Sit 
V ance Sanders 
Incom e 
Invest 
Com mon 
Sp ecial 
V and erb ilt G rth 
V and erb it Incm 
V ang uard G roup 
E x p lo re r > Fn d 
Fst index 
Ives! Fu n d 
M o rqan Fund 
T ru stees E q 
W e lle sle y Inc 
W ellington F d 
W estm m 
Bd 
W ind so r Fu n d 
V arie d Indus! 
W a llS t G row th 
W e m a rtn E q n 
W estfield G rw th 
W isconsin Incm 
■No load fund 

13 77 
IO 34 
24 37 
15 36 
9 85 
1o o4 

T h ltW M k 
A Y e a r Ago 
N Y Stocks ...................114,67o,ooo 141,947,42o 
Y Bonds 
.............*145,o6o,ooo $132,132,ooo 
A m e rica n Stocks 
15.32o,ooo 13,82o,325 
A m e rica n Bon d s 
*8,2/o,ooo *7,674,ooo 
M idw est Stocks 
5.855,ooo 7,125,ooo 

W e e k ly N u m b er of T rad ed issue* 
Y 
Stocks 
............................................ 2129 
Y 
B a ld s 
1662 
A m e rica n Stocks 
. . 
. 
1153 
A m e rica n Bends 
143 

5 9 6 - 
5 48 - 
4 8 1 - 
9 1 3 - 63 
3 I B - 
19 47 — 
9 63- 
6 6 7- 
5 2o- 
2o 48— 
6 59 - l l 24- 
17 84- 

9 2 1- 
19 6o- 
6 13- 
21 25- 

3 98 - 
18 13- 
19 5 2 - 
8 43* 
7 8 1 - 
o3 
5 l f - 
o9 
19 o 5 - 49 
9 TI - 
24 
7 64 - 
11 
3 7 3 - o2 
J v ~ o5 
7 12- 
I i 

N E W Y O R K ( A P ) - The follow ing list shows the 
N e w 
Y o rk 
Stock 
Ex ch a n g e stocks and w a rra n ts that h ave gone up the m ost and down the most based on percent of change reg ardless o* volum e 
N o secu ritie s trading below *2 a re In c l­ uded 
Net and p ercen tag ech an g esareth e fteren ce betw een last 
■■•’“ ‘■r, 
. 

8 85 l l o6 
8 8o 
IO 27 

2 33— 
I IO 
I 47 - 
6 2 3- 

13 o1 
69o l l 19 
13 58 

18 33- 
8 79- 
12 94— 
9 o1— 
12 o3 + 
VOO 
7 62 - 
9 62 - 
„ 
1o 35 - 
26 
14 o8 - 
o5 
4 28 * 
OI 
5 67 - .o3 
8 O S- 
11 9 7 - 
OI 
9 93— 
8 7 3 - .o6 
9 56+ 
OI 

I ? 83— .21 
6 75— .17 
11 o8— o6 
13.51— .o5 

6 5 6 - 
7 49 - 
9 26— 
9 S B - 
1o 8 3 - .18 
5 79 - 
' 
5 31 - 
1 4 2 - 

6 95 
5 21 
8 53 
4 o2 

7 1o + 
5 26- 
8 89 + 
4 o8 + 

13 61- 
7 4 4 - 
6 43- 
7 9o - 
4 o4 - 
4 o4— 

17 8 3 - 
14 39— 
7 g i­ l l 46— 
9 7 J- 
12 IS ­ 
IG o2- 
9 TS­ 
UI 5 9- 
3 6o - 
6 39- 
1o 9o + 
7 35— 
5 4 6 - .17 

T r e a s u r y 

B o n d s 

Leaders 

 t f E W Y O R K 

> d 

* 

I 
Vt 

I 

? ! 
8 ' 

 a c h ve stocks 
Y e a rly 
W e e k 's igh 
Lo w 
Sies 
High 
Lo w 
L ast Cha 
25+* t 1+* 
25’* 
13'? 
O cciden Pet 
1 8o1,8oo 
25’* 
23’ , 
43+* 
3 1 '. 
K resg e SS 
1,279 6oo 
4o’* 
» " ? 
38"*~- 
1»* 
28’ * 
23+* 
Texaco Inc 
......... 
1,713,6oo 
27’* 
27 
27+*- 
'* 
37+* 
27+* 
C iticorp 
Gen M oto rs 
1.19o.8oo 
34 
32'* 
33",+ 
I ’* 
78’X 
57+* 
85o,8oo 
?8’/j 
TS’* 
75+*— 3 '* 
63'* 
49+* 
P h ilip M o rr 
849 6oo 
61+* 
57'? 
58'?— 3 ", 
22 ', 
1o+* 
C h rysler 
825.ooo 
21’ * 
19+* 
2o>»— 
+< 
36'* 
22' ? 
A etn aLteC 
791,5oo 
35+6 
3? 
33+k— 2 
55 ', 
24+* 
N at 
Sem icn 
732.2oo 
28'* 
24+* 
S Y 
: 
2+» 
44’ , 
3 1 ", 
L u b r iz o l 
.................. 
711.5oo 
37+* 
35'* 
+» 
56's 
38+* 
Dow Ch 
7o3,2oo 
43+* 
41", 
41'*— 
I ’* 
58+« 
46 
G en Clee 
7o1.4oo 
55’ , 
52"? 
53+*- 2 ". 
IO '* 
, 18", 
P C A 
67o,ooo 
27+* 
26'* 
27 
+ 
'» 
19'? 
13 
W estgh E l 
667,7oo 
18"i 
17+» 
18' *4- 
+* 
16'', 
13+* 
Southern Co 
633.6oo 
16+* 
16+* 
16+*h 
+« 
34"* 
22"* 
In tT e lT e l 
626,5oo 
3 3 '* 
3 3 ', 
33+*— 
'* 
SO’ * 
43+* 
A m T A T pf A 
628.ooo 
5o’ * 
49+* 
49", > 
'* 
5 6 ", 
4 7 '. 
E x x o n 
627,4oo 
54’ , 
52'* 
52’* - 
+* 
32’ , 
16+* 
Am er Hess 
614,8oo 
32’ * 
3o+* 
31’ * 
15+* 
IO "? 
G t A t lP a c 
6o5,9oo 
14+* 
12'? 
1276- l+* 

N E W Y O R K ( A P ) - W eek s A m e rica n leaders 
Y e a rly 
W eek s igh 
L o w 
H o u O ilM 
Sale 
H igh 
Low 
L a st Chg 
5o’ , 
32’ ? 
568 4oo 
SO’* 
47+* 
49+* + 
1+. 
6’* 
3 
C ham p Ho 
396,8oo 
4 
3"? 
3+*- 
V* 
36'* 
2o 
Syntex Corp 
354,(oo 
24+* 
23+* 
23+* + 
+* 
9 ', 
3+-* 
Geol Exp lor 
319,5oo 
9 ", 
58* 
8’* + 
?** 
2’ ? l l 16 n strum 5ys 
772. IOO 
!+* 
I 
1V.+ 
36’* 
12’ , 
K ew anee 
In 
236.1oo 
36+» 
34 
36 
+ 
I ’* 
14 
S '* 
C rutchr R e s 
225.7oo 
14 ll* * 
13’/* + 
2 
28’ * 
22'? 
8 ", 
K irb y E x p 
221.ooo 
28’ * 
2o". 
26+* + 
6+* 
13'. 
F ly D ia O il 
196.6oo 
27'? 
2o+* 
21+* + 
I 
45+* 
24+* 
M itc h lE D 
196.5oo 
45+* 
39"? 
43+* + 4 '* 
Averages 

919 
221 
2129 
461 
.. . .3 

294 
189 
2111 
439 
3 

165 
IOO 
2o72 
352 
6 

242 
89 
2oo1 
28 
2o 

W E E K L Y s a l e s 
T hisW eak 

W e e k i n s t o c k s a n d b o n o s 
Fo llow ing g ives the rang e of D o w .Jo n e s closing a v e r a ^ ^ f o t the_w eek 

 in d s 

A V E R A G E S 
F i r s t H ig h L o w L a s t 
999 75 999 75 978 o6 983 
I 
Chg 
13— 21 5: 
T r a n s 237.52 237 52 233 21 236 1 3 - o.9o 
U tils 
1o8 64 1o8 64 1o7 59 1o7 81— o 57 
65Stcks324 86 324.86 318 75 32o 8 3 - 4 66 
B O N O A V E R A G E S 
2o Bonds 93 16 
93 37 
93 16 
93 36 + o 16 
U tils 
98.53 
99 IO 
98 5o 
99 1o + o 54 
Indust 
87 8o 
87 91 
87 62 
87.62 — o 23 

N E W 
Y O R K 
( A P ) 
- 
Stan d ard and 
Poor's W e e k ly 5oo Stock Index 
H ig h 
Lo w 
Close 
Chg. 
IOO Indust 118 92 
116 31 
116 54 
2 92 
2o T ran s 15 36 
15 o6 
15 18 
o 16 
4o U tllS 54 29 
53 78 
53 85 
o 39 
4o Fin a n c ia l 12 67 
12 43 
12 52 
o.27 
IOO Stocks 1o7 oo 
1o4 76 
1o5 OI 
2 45 lips and Downs 

 price and this w ee k's closing price 
U P S n a m e 
L a s t 
Chg 
+ 8+* 
P c t 
I 
H a rm an Intl 
31'/* 
Up 
38 I 
2 
CC I Corp 
5 
+ IV , 
Up 
29o 
3 
U n P a rk M in 
4 
+ 
7/, 
Up 
U p 
78,o 
4 
B o rm a n 
4’ , 
+ I 
25 8 
5 
C o llins Fd 
9"? 
+ 1+'* 
Up 
22 6 
6 
K o e b rin g 
17+* 
+ 3>* 
U p 
U p 
21 6 
I 
W y ly C o rp 
IC N 
P h a rm 
7 '* 
+ 
+* 
21.4 
8 
5 
+ 
7* up 
21 7 
9 
O ce id P e t w t 
13+* 
+ 2+* 
Up 
2o 9 
IO 
A la s k a in t 
1 8 ', 
+ 3 
U p 
U p 
19 8 l l 
H e r r ah s 
16 
+ 2 H 
19 6 
12 
Un C o m m rc 
8 "? 
+ ! H up 
19.3 
13 
Hesston Cp 
H H 
+ IT* 
Up 
19.2 
14 
R T E Corp 
IO’ , 
+ 1+/* 
Up 
19 J 
15 
W ieb old t Str 
7+'* 
+ IV* 
Up 
19 2 
16 
E le c t Assoc 
3 ", 
+ 
" I 
Up 
19 o 
17 
U S R Ity Inv 
3 ", 
+ 
’ ? 
Up 
19 o 
18 
V a lle y in d 
S H 
+ 1 H 
% 
19.o 
19 
C l 
R tty tn v 
51 ? 
+ 
’/, 
18 9 
JO 
E IM e m M g 
4’* 
+ 
H 
Up 
17 9 
21 
Ra A 2 25pf 
73 
+ 3"? 
Up 
17.9 
22 
W h ite M otor 
8 ’/* 
+ IV* 
Up 
17 9 
73 
Food F a ir 
6H 
+ 
I 
Up 
U p 
17 8 
24 
E s q u ir e 
IO 
+ I Vt 
17 6 
25 
I lei Corp 
15 
D O W N S 
+ 7V* 
Up 
17 6 

N a m e 
L a s t 
Chg 
P c t 
I 
U n it B r a n d s 
S H 
— I " , 
O ff 
O ff 
17 9 
J 
Jo h n son E F 
U H 
- 2"? 
14 6 
3 
S u p e rs c p e 
19"? 
— 2 H 
Oft l l 9 
4 
A r c h D a n M 
IS H 
- 2 > j 
O ff 
11.8 
5 
P h ilip s md 
M o b il H o m e 
7 H 
— I 
Off l l 6 
6 
3 H 
- 
I/? 
O ff l l 4 
7 
U S 
H om e 
7+* 
- 
7* 
Off 
IO 6 
8 
S t a le y M fg 
1V H 
- 2 ’/* 
O ff 
IO 4 
9 
F a ir m o n t 
12". 
- 1 H 
O ff 
IO I 
IO 
U n iT el wt 
2" . 
__ 
1,4 
O H 
IO o 
11 
U V In I 26pf 
37+» 
— a "* 
O ft 
9 9 
12 
A ile e n In c 
3' ? 
— 
+* 
O ff 
9 7 
13 
G t Att P a c 
12’/* 
- 1 H 
O ff 
V 6 u 
L e n n a r Cp 
5’* 
— 
H 
O ft 
9 6 
IS 
U n B rn d p rA 
13 
— 1H 
OH 
9 6 
16 
N a t S e m ic n 
25". 
- ? H 
O H 
9 4 
17 
E m h a r t pf 
44 
- 4Vj 
O ff 
9 3 
18 
F le e t w E n t 
17H 
— 1+6 
O ff 
9 2 
19 
Scottys 
Inc 
8 H 
- 
7* 
OH 
9 2 
2o 
C e n te x C o rp l l ' * 
— V * 
O ft 
9 1 
21 
F a irc h 
Cam 
37 V* 
- 3+/* 
OH 
9 I 
27 
Z e n ith R 
25H 
- av* 
O ff 
9 o 
23 
Best 
Prod 
21+, 
- 2v, 
Off 
8 9 
24 
Schaefe r Cp k '1 
- 
H 
OH 
8 8 
25 
L o m N F in 
IO '? 
— I 
O ff 
8 7 

N E W Y O R K ( A P ) — The follo w ing list shows the 
A m e rica n 
Stock 
E x ch a n g e stocks and w a rra n ts that h ave gone up the most and down the most based on percent of change reg ardless of volum e 
No secu ritie s trad in g below *2 a re inc! uded 
N et and p ercen tag ech an g esareth e d ifferen ce betw een last w ee k’s closing 

Dollar Leauers 

 price and th is w e e k's closing p ric e 
U P S 
» n a m e 
L a s t 
Chg 
P c ). 
I 
V ia te c h In c 
2+* 
+ 
" , z 
69.2 
J 
N u cle ar 
O at 
6 
+ 
2 
5oo 
3 
Speed 
O P 
2V? 
+ 
+* 
Up 
42 9 
4 
G eol 
Ex p lo r 
8 ’* 
+ ? H 
Up 
42.o 
5 
Com put Inv 
2" , 
+ 
H 
Up 
41.7 
6 
Edm ofi Corp 
2+» 
+ 
+4 
Up 
4o o 
7 
E n e rg y R e s 
6 +, 
+ 
17* 
Up 
37.5 
8 
Intrm edco 
6 "* 
+ 
1H 
Up 
35 I 
9 
R ile y Co 
21 
+ S H 
U p 
34 4 
IO 
Invest RH Tr 
6 
+ 
I " J 
Up 
33 3 ll 
Rusco 
Ind 
2 
+ 
V? 
Up 
U p 
33 3 
12 
K ir b y E x p 
26H 
+ A H 
33 I 
13 
Sh u lm n T r 
E 
2+* 
* 
H 
Up 
29 4 
14 
L a B a r o e In 
2 +, 
+ 
H X 
27 8 
15 
W T C Inc 
3' ? 
+ 
+4 
27 3 
16 
Cal Life 
4 ", 
+ 
" , 
Up 
26 9 
17 
C M I Corp 
3+* 
+ 
>4 
Up 
U p 
26 I 
18 
G a t e s L r ie t l l 
+ 
I ’ * 
25 7 
19 
C ap ital 
R es 
2' ? 
4. 
' J 
Up 
25 o 
2o 
A tiasC p wt 
IO '? 
+ 2 
U p 
23 5 
21 
In tF u n rl 
Sv 
2H 
+ 
"a 
Up 
23 5 
22 
Appld Oat 
C D I C o rp 
6 H 
+ 
IV . 
U p 
23 3 
73 
2 
4 
'n tfp 
23 I 
24 
A talan ta 
5+* 
4 
I 
22 9 
25 
Ju n ip e r Pet t 
3"? 
4 
H 
Up 
21 7 
JO W N S 
N a m e 
L a s t 
Chg 
P c t . 
I 
K e y Co 
2 H 
— 
H 
O ff 
2o 8 
2 
A M A X wt 
1o+. 
- 17/* 
O ft 
14 9 
3 
B a r th Sp en 
S H 
— 
V? 
O ff 
12 » 
4 
P rim e 
IMO! 
? H 
+* 
O ft 
12 5 
5 
H ealth Chm 
7+* 
— 
’/* 
OH 
1o 6 
6 
G o ld W M ob 
1o+* 
— 
1'/* 
O ft 
IO 4 
7 
P O E 4 5opf 
12+* 
— 
1 H 
O H 
IO o 
8 
M o d e rn M d 
5+'. 
— 
H 
O H 
9 8 
9 
L e ig h P ro d 
13 
— 
1 H 
O H 
9 6 
IO 
Cohu 
Inc 
2+» 
— 
I/* 
2 tf 
9 5 ll 
Wood ind 
3 H 
— 
+* 
OH 
9 4 
I? 
C o n s y n e C p 
8 " , 
— 
7* 
O H 
9 o 
13 
D o w n e y S L 
12H 
— 
IV . 
O H 
9 o 
14 
P r a i r i e O il 
IO ', 
— 
I 
O H 
9,o 
15 
S h o w b o a t In 
17+* 
— 
IV . 
O H 
9 o 
16 
F o o d w y N tl 
1o+* 
— 
I 
O H 
8 8 
17 
G u ltstr 
L D 
5 '. 
— 
'/J 
OH 
8 7 
18 
B a ld w in Sec 
6H 
— 
+* 
O ff 
8 6 
19 
Berg E n t 
Inc 
2 +. 
V* 
Off 
8 3 
2o 
G a b r ie l tnd 
12' ? 
— 
I ’ * 
O H 
8 3 
71 
L ib e rty F a b 
6 7* 
— 
H 
Oft 
8.3 
22 
S te rl E x t r d r 
2+/* v* 
2 ,f 
8 3 
23 
C o m P s y c C t 
9’ * 
— 
*» 
O ff 
8.1 
24 
G la d d in g 
4 '* 
H 
O ff 
8 1 
25 
R B in d 
7 V* 
— 
H 
O H 
7 9 

Market 
Analysis 

D O W lO N t S 

3o IM O U S T R IA lS 

 y e t i rn 

Ia n 
3 tan 
? 

' C h i c a g o 
C r a i n 

C H IC A G O ( A P ) - C o m m e rcial selling believed of a hedging n atu re, erased sm all q ain and produced a 21? cent loss in w heat futures on the Chicago Bo ard of 
T rad e F rid a y 
Corn p ric es closed on a m ixed tone but oats lost about I 1 j cents 
Soybean futures traded in a n a rro w ra n g e cit about 7 cents and closed on an uneven tone 
Soybean m eal prices w e re little changed at the ti nal bell, as w e re soybean oil p rices, Iced b ro ilers closed n a rro w ly m ixed 
The hedging in the w heat pit topped oft cession of ra th e r slow trad e in w heat 
Pric e s had m oved in a n a rro w rang e after the g o vern m en t had reported that export co m m itm en ts last w eek showed little chanqe in w h eat 
The hedge selling at the close w as by som e w h eat m ille rs, elevato rs and an exporter 
Another factor In the w h eat selling w as report of m ore snow tor the w inter w h eat a re a of the Southw est 
The snow report, h o w e ver, tended to bring buyers into the soybean co m p lex , corn and oats 
These com m o dities w ould be ted to snow bound livestock In g re a te r am ounts 
In the closing m inutes as w h eat selling expanded corn and o ats w eaken ed , also losing e a rly gains 
Soybean oil and m eal cam e under m ild profit taking and this, com bined w ith the w eakness in g rain s, tended to in flu en ce late selling in lo yb e a n s 
At the close, w heat w as 2'x to 2' I cents bushel low er, M a rc h 2 79: corn w as +4 low er to h ig h er, M a rc h 2 61. oats w ere 
I1'a low er, M a rc h 
I 73+4 and soy beans w e re l’ r low er to 
V 'j higher ja n u a ry 7.12 
O p en 
H ig h L o w C io s e P r e v 
W H E A T (5,ooo bu) 
M a r 
2 82 
2 82 
2 T I ' j 2 79 
2 81'x 
M a y 
2 87 
2 88 
2 8 3 'j 2 84 
2 86'a 
Ju t 
2 92 
2 92 
2 88 
2 88' J 2 91 
Sep 
2 96'4 2 97' ? 2 9 4 '? 2 94' ? 2 961* 
D ie 
3 o6' ? 3 o6’ 4 3 o4 
3 o4 
3 o6' j 
M ar 
3 14 
I 3 14' ? 3 l l ' ? 3 11' ? 3 14 

The Market In Brief 

NY S tn rk f i r h m y r K m if v 

Trii i ) 
U n 
! 

VOI U M I 

 n 4o!) 91o 

SHIRTS 

A 
U n ch an g ed 

IS S 

IS S U E S 

I R I D I C 

WYSE 
Indei 
» n ♦ o o4 

S I P Comp lift OI - o OI 

Do* Tones Tnd 
M313 ♦ 3 24 -c 

Metals 

N E W Y O R K ( A P ) — Pittsb urg h scrap sleet No 
I h e a v y w as quoted F rid a y bv 
Iron Aqe. at *74 OO 75 OO 

N E W Y O R K ( A P ) - H an dy & H a rm an ipot s ilve r F rid a y at *4 41 per tro y ounce 

L O N D O N 
(A p l 
— 
Closing m e ta ls in pounds sterling per m e tric ton 

Copper 
Tin 
Lead 
Zinc 

Spot 
Bid 
Asked 
799 (IO 
799 5o 
52.So OO 526o oo 
311 OO 
311 5o 
396 5o 
39 7 5o 

Fu tu re s 
B id 
Asked 
831 5o 
832 oo 
53(9 OO 535o O' 
321 SO 
321 75 
413 5o 
414 oo 

H e re is the gold futures trading tor F r i d ay, Ja n u a ry 7, 1976 
O pen 
H ig h Lo w C lo se 
M e rc a n tile Ex ch a n g e 
Chicago too T ro y ounce co n tracts 
M ar 
134 5o 134 6o 
133 » 133 JO 133 9o 
J a i 
136 2o 136 * 
134 9o 1 35 OO 135 6o 
Sep 
137 3o 137 5o 
136 2o 136 SO 136 TO 
Der 
139 OO 139 4o 
138 3o 138 4o 1 38 8o 
M ar 
141 9o 141 9o 
14o TO 14o 7o 111 6o 
Sales 
M a rc h 654 
Ju n e 18o 
Sep 12o 
Dec .15. M arch 3. 

Selected w o rld gold p rices F rid a y 
London 
M o rnin g fixing 
*133 45, 
UP 
*o 63 afternoon fixing *132 8o, up *o 2o afternoon gold fixing *136 13, Off 

M ar 
M ay 
Ju t 
Sep 
Dec 
M a r 

C O R N (5,ooo bu) 
2 62 
2 63 
2 67' ? 7 68' 
27 2 
2 72>4 
2 TO’ 4 2 77' 
2 7o' ; 2 71 

2 6o’ 4 2 61 
2 61’ < 
4 2 66 
7 667* 
2 67 
2 7o' a 2.71 
J 71 ’ a 
'4 2 69 J 2 ¥>' I 
2 TO1 ? 
2 69 
2 69'? 
2 69?? 
2 75 
2 76’-4 2 75 
2 75'T 2 74+4 
O A T S ( 5,ooo bu) 
M a r 
I 75 
1 
75'4 I 73'4 I 73+4 I 74’ 
M a y 
I 72 
I 77' ? I TO'i I 71 '4 I 72 
Ju t 
I 68 
I 68 
I 66' ? I 66' ? I 68 hep 
I 63' > 
I 63' ? I 62' ? I 62' ? I 63' 
Dec 
I 65'4 
I 65' 4 I 64' ? I 64"? I 65 

Pa ris 

Fra n k fu rt gold close S IH 6o, Oft J I 41 
Zurich 
*133 25 bid up 
*o 75. 
$134 oo asked 
H an dy & H a rm an base p ric e , N e w Y o rk 
5132 RO, OH t i 2o 
E n g e lh ard selling p rices, 
N e w 
Y o rk 
51X3 Si, up SO 2o 

New Y o rk C o m m odity Ex ch a n g e 
K B tro y ounce contracts 
Ia n 
133 4o 133 
4o 133 4o 
13? 8os 
133 3o , 
F e b 
134 oo 134 
IO 133 IO 
133 1os 
133 6o 
M a r 
133 7o 133 
TO 133 7o 
133 6os 
134 IO 
A p r 
135 IO 135 
3o 134 OO 134 1os 
134 6o 
Ju n 
136 2o 136.2o 135.2o 135 2os 135 7o 
US 
136 8o 136 
8o 136 4o 
136 4os 
136 9o 
O c f 
138 SO 138 
SO 137 7o 
137 6os 
138 2o 
D e r 
14o IO 14o 
IO 138 9o 
1J8 8os 
139 5o eh 
141 2o 141 
4o 14o 5o 
14o 1os 
14o 8o 
A p r 
141 8o 141 
9o 141 6o 
141 4os 
142 IO | 
Sales estim ated 3,354 s settling 

N E W Y O R K ( A P ) - S ilve r futures F r l d ay on the N e w Y o rk 
C o m m odity 
E x change 
O p an 
H ig h 
L o w C lo se 
P r e v 
N Y 
S I L V E R IS,(BO tro y O I) 
Ja n 
44? IO 
442 JO 

13 

7 ll 
7 17 
7 17'/* 
7 13 

S O Y B E A N S (5.ooo bu) 
Ja n 
7 12 
7 14 
7 o8' j 7 12 
M ar 
7 18 
7 2o 
7 33' ? 7 18 
M ay 
7 17 
7 19 
7 13 
7 16 
Ju t 
7.13 
7 
16 
7 o9 
A u g 
7 o4 
7 
o6 
7 oo 
Sep 
6 75 
6 76 
6 71 
NOV 
6 53 
6 58' ? 6 S I 
Jan 
6 6o 
6 62 
6 S7 
M ar 
6 6o' ? 6 64 
6 6o'? 6 43"? 6 64 
S O Y B E A N O IL (6o,ooo lbs) 

46? JO 
465 4o 
469 OO 
474 5o 

7.o4 
7 o3 
6 74"? 6 73 i,55 
6 S3"? 
6 59 
6 6o 

Ja n 
M ar 
M ay 
JU ' 
Aug 
Sep 
Oct 
Dec 
Ja n 
M ar 

2o U) 
7o 95 
21 2o 
21 38 
21 4o 
21 4o 
21 4o 
21 5o 
71 5o 
21 5o 

TO 7o 
2o 97 
71 23 
21 45 
71 45 
215o 
21 45 
21 55 
21 6o 
21 6o 

2o 49 
2o 73 
71 OO 
21 2? 
21 X 
71 3o 
21 IO 
21 42 
21 5o 
21 5o 
S O Y B E A N M E A L (IOO tons) 

» 63 
2o 87 
21 16 
71 39 
2142 
21 4o 
21 45 
21 55 
71 6o 
21 6o 

2o 69 
2o 92 
21 72 
71 43 
21 4o 
21 45 
21 SO 
J I 6o 
21 7o 
21 7o 

N E W Y O M 
N E W Y O R K ( A P ) - T h e follo w ing is a list of the m ost a c tiv e stocks based on the d o llar volu m e 
The total is based on the m ed ian p ric e of the stock trad ed m u ltip lie d b y the shares trad ed 
T o t($1ooo) S a ie s (h d s )L a s t 
*1oo,9333657 272 
*65.298 
85o8 
75*k 
*5o,7o4 1279 6 
38’* 
*5o,445 
8496 
581-? 
(44,819 18o18 
25*4 
*39,7o6 
4699 
84 
*39,296 119o8 
33+b 
*37,963 
7o14 
53*8 
*35,913 
5678 
63 
*33,33o 
6274 
S2’ » 

N am e 
I B M .............. 
G en M oto rs 
K resge S S 
P h ilip Mon- 
O cciden Pet 
E a s t Kodak 
C iticorp 
G en Flee 
Am T el& T el 
Exxon 

A M N IC A N 

N E W Y O R K ( A P ) - T h e totlow ing is a list of the most a c tiv e stocks based on the d o llar vo lu m e 
The total Is based on the m ed ian p ric e of the stock trad ed m u ltip lied b v the shares traded 
Tot (*1ooo) Sa le s (bds (L a st 
*27,7o9 
5684 
493* 
*8,51o 
3546 
233+ 
*8,375 
1965 
4334 
*8,293 
2361 
36 
*5.414 
271o 
26H 
*4.953 
1o71 
46tx 
*4.226 
1966 
21H 
*3,21$ 
1333 
26+3 
*2,877 
2257 
13’ s 

N am e 
H o u O ilM 
Syntex 
Corp 
M itc h I E D 
K ew an ee 
In 
K irb v E x p 
Carbon Ind 
F ly D 'a 
OH 
C K 
P etro l 
C ru tch r R e s 
Sh e n a n O il . 

Ja n 
21o 5o 211 5o 2o9 oo 21o 2o 21o oo 
M ar 
712 5o 2)4 oo 211 2o 212 5o 212 5o 
M a y 
217 6o 213 7 o 211 OO 212 7o 212 4o 
JO I 
211.oo 212 9o 21o 3o 211 5o 211 SO 
A u o 
2o9 oo 21o oo 2o7 OO 2o8 2o 2o9 oo 
Sep 
2oo oo 2oo 5o 197 5o 198 5o 198 oo 
Get 
189 5o 19o 5o 187 oo 189 oo 188 oo 
Dec 
'88 OO 188 5o 186 5o 118 oo 187 5o 
J » i 
188 OO 188 oo 188 OO 188 oo 187 5o 
M a r 
187 OO IIT 5o 
Market Futures 

C H IC A G O ( A P ) — F u tu re s trad in g on the 
C hicago 
M e rc a n tile 
E x c h a n g e 
F r i d ay 
Open 
H igh L o w Clos* 
P r y 
L I V E B E E F C A T T L E (4o,OOO lb s ) 

*2,863 
1o3 J 
9 7 Af, 

Chicago Options) 

14 4 »~ 
8 78 
IO g e ­ ts 79— 
7 3 1 - 

,5 i t 

IO 63 
13 66 - 

I 36- 
116o4 
J » ~ 

IO 77 ~ 
9 J I 
IO 12 + 
IO OO- 

8 » — o7 
7 43- 
27 
1o82- 
19 

N E W Y O R K ( A P ) - O ve r the Counter 
U S G o vern m en t T re a su ry bonds, w ee kly high, lo w and closing asked p rices, the change from the p re vio u s w ee k's closing asked p ric e and yield 
R a t e M a t u r lt y H ig h L o w 
L a s tC h a Y ie l 
8 
F e b 77 n 
IOO 141oo 1o1oo IO - 3 
4 55 
6 
F e b 77 n 
IOO 9 IOO 7 IOO 7 — 2 
4 24 
6 ' , M a r 77 n IOO 171oo 141oo 1 4 - 4 
4 38 
M „A p r 77 n IOO 291oo 25IOO 25— 
6 
4 67 
6 ’ » M a v 77 n IOO 291oo 241oo 24 - 5 
4 6o 
M a y 77 n ID I 181o1 141o1 1 4 - 4 
4 67 
43, M a y 77 n IOO 791oo 241oo 24 - 6 
4 72 
6 '? Ju n 77 n IOO 3o'oo 251oo 25 - 
7 
4 78 
7* ? J ul 77 n 1o1 2 U o1 151o1 IS - 
7 
4 78 
’ '.A u g 77 n IC I 311o1 231o1 2 3 - 8 
4 78 
8 'x A u y 77 n 1o7 9 1o2 3 le a 3 - 7 
4 86 
8**Sep 77 n 1o2 191o2 121o2 12 
8 
4 97 
7 ? o d 
77 n 1o7 3oIQI 311o2 3o* 24 5 OI 
71,N o v 
7? n 1o2 151o2 61o2 6 - IO 5 o6 
6 'x N o v 
77 n >o1 2o1o1 m o i l l - 115 OS 
7 '.D e c 
77 n 1o7 121o2 
1o2 
- 13 S I 
6 - Ja n 
78 n 1 o 1 1 7 )o 1 7 1 o 1 7 - 1 1 5 17 
6' ? F cb 78 n 
1o1 131o1 4 1o1 4 — IO 
5 18 
8 
F e b 78 n 
1o3 121o3 I 1o3 I — 12 
5 I 
6 '. M a r 7« n 1o2 I 1o1 2o1o1 JO — 14 
5 35 
6 '.A p r 78 n IO ! 251o1 151o1 I S - 13 
5 32 
7' * M a y 78 n 
1o2 2o1o2 5 IO ? $ — 16 * 
7 > .M ay 78 n 
1o7 211o2 6 1o2 6 - 16 
5 47 
I ’x M a y 78 n 
1o3 2o1o3 4 1o3 4 - 16 
5 43 
A 'e Ju n 78 n 1o7 141o 1 291o 1 2 9 - 19 5 51 
6’ » Ju t 
78 n 1o2 151o1 311o1 J I - 16 5 54 
6 ..Aug 
78 n 1o2 31o1 2o1o1 2 o- )1 
5 57 
’ H A u g 
78 n 1o3 181o3 21o3 2 - 18 
5 59 
8 ’ .A u g 
78 n 1o5 111o4 241o4 24 -.195 6o 
6 " , Sep 
78 n 1o1 IB IO ! 4 1o1 4 — 16 5 56 
5 ’x O rt 
71 n IOO 281oo 141oo 1 4 - 19 5 62 
S J , N e v 
’8 n 
IOO 231oo 51oo 5 - 2o 5 66 
6 
N o v 78 n 
1o) 61oo 221oo 2 2 - .1 8 5 6o 
H 'sO ec 78 n 1o5 5 1o4 171o4 17- 2? 5 67 
5>,Oec 
78 n 199 1299.18199.ll > 99.165 59 
I r eb 
79 n 1o3 A 1o2 161o2 
16 - 25 5 72 
/ '• M a y 
79 n 1o5 7 1o4 181o4 
18 
24 5 77 f , Ju n 
79 ii 1o5 I 1o4 141o4 
14 - 25 5 8o 
6 'x A o g 
79 n 1o1 161oo 311oo 31 
2o5 14 
79 n 
1o3 11o2 1o1o2 IO - 27 J 7o 
7V n 1o7 7 1o6 141o6 14- 
23 5 7) 
79 n 
1o 1 2o1oo 281oo 28 - 28 5 91 
79 n 
1o2 IB IO ! 3o1o1 3o 
255 88 
79 n 
1o3 171o2 261o2 26— 261.91 
D e r 
79 n 
1o4 271o4 I 1o4 I - 3o A OO 
F e b 8o 
95 16 94 22 94 2 2 - 26 $ 69 
M a r ( O n 
1o4 311o4 
1o4 
- l l 
A l l 
6 ’x M a v IO n 1o3 A 1o2 8 1o2 I - I 3 
A 1 ? 
I s» Ju n BO n 1o5 161o4 171o4 17-1 J 
A IS 
A u g BO n 
1o9 251o8 281o 8 28 - 3o6 JO 
6 ’ xSep 8o n 1o3 111o2 I 1o2 8 - I A 
6 16 
J '? N o v 
8o 
83 
92 8 
92 6 - 28 5 71 
5 7 ,O at 6o n IOO 2 
99 2 
99 2 - 1 5 
6 13 t eb Bt n 1o3 191o2 161o2 16— 1 8 
6 3o p it,F a b l l n 1o4 271o3 261o3 26— I 8 
6 3o 
7 H M a v 81 n 1o 4 28 1 o 3 27 1 o 3 2 7 - 1 4 
6 3 5 
7 H A g g | l n 1o5 261o4 231o4 2 3 - 1 IO A 43 
A u g i i 
1o4 221o4 8 1o4 $ - 24 5 93 
■ n o ' l l n 1o3 211o2 
141o2 
14— 1 
1$ 6 4o 
7>,Nov S i n 1o6 16)o5 
141o5 14— I 8 
6 43 
,F e b 8 ? n 
99 
29 98 2o 98 2 o - I 12 
9 4o 
6 * ,F e b 82 
1o1 
6 IOO 6 IOO 8 - l f 
6 33 
8 
M a v 82 n 1o7 
181o6 8 1o6 I - I 16 
6 59 
8' *A u g 82 n 1o8 
2 1o6 
261o4 
26 - 
I 17 6 64 
7 ',N O V 82 n 1o7 2 1o5 
261o5 
26 
I 16 6 66 
8 
F e b *3 n 1o7 121o6 
131o6 
13— I 
23 6 7o 
3’ ( J u n ’ I 83 
86 6 
*5 4 
15 
4 - i i 6 o7 
NOV *3 n 1oJ 
IQI 161o1 16-1 J I 5 73 
6 ?,A u g 84 
IOO J J 99 l l 99 t i l l 6 45 
3<?M ay 85 
84 2o 83 
)4 83 
14-1 1o 5 79 
4 . , M a y 7? IS B f 12 16 16 86 1 6 - 22 5 36 
/ '• M a y 86 n 1o7 
251o5 221o5 23 
2 2 
7 o3 
A u g * 6 n 1o6 
111o7 2o1o7 2o 
I J 
7 o3 

Option & p ric e 
Ja n 
Apr 
J u l ickiose 
Alcoa 
SS 
V ? b b 
55+4 
Alcoa 
6o 
'* 
I U 
J U 
55*4 
Ahi Tel 
5o 
13 V* b b 
63 
Am Tel 
55 
8' , 
8’ ? 
B H 
63 
Am Tel 
6o 
3'* 
3’* 
4 H 
63 
Am T e l 
65 b 
I 
19 16 
63 
AH R 
4o 
16+4 b b 
56+4 
At! R 
5o 
AH 
8" , 
9'.? 
56*4 
At! R 
6o 
3 16 
2'* 
3 H 
SA H 
A vo n 
4o 
7+4 
8 '* a 
47 ’ * 
Avon 
45 
2+4 
4 * 
5 H 
47** 
Avon 
5o 
I 4 
1H211 16 
47*. 
Bank A rn 
25 
3H 
4 a w 
28’* 
Bank Am 
3o 
'4 
I " . 
I ’* 
TSU 
Beth S 
35 
3'/j av* 
5 '* 
38' * 
Bein S 
4o 
’ a 13 16 
I U 
S IU 
B e th S 
45 
I 16 
5 16 b 
381. 
B ru n s to 
6 '* b b 
16' » 
B ru n s 
15 15 16 
2 27 16 
IA H 
B ru n s 
2o 
I 16 
5 16 l l 16 
16' • 
Bu rl N 
35 
8H b b 
14U 
B u rl N to 
5 
57* 
6H 
44+* 
B u rl N 
45 l l 
16 
2'* 
3Vx 
44 H 
B u rl N 
5o a 
+4 b 
44 H 
C 'H ep 
75 a a 
87/* 
34 
Citicp 
3o 
37* 
4 'I 
47* 
34 
C iticp 
35 v* 
I" ? 
4’ > 
2 
34 
O H ta 
35 
3'4 
5 '? 
38 
D elta 
4o 
316 
1+4 
2+4 
» 
D e lta 
45 a 
+» b 
38 
D o w C h 
4o113 16 
3+4 
4’* t m 
O ow Ch 
45 
16 
I ' . 
2+* 
4 1 '? 
D ow C h 
5o 
I 16 
5 16 b 
41"? 
E e s K d 
SO 
4'* 
7H 
9 H 
84 
B a s K d 
9o 
’» 
2H 
4H 
84 
EO S K d 
IOO 
I 16 
+• b 
14 
E a s K d 
HO 
I 16 a b 
84 
E x io n 
45 
8 
I " , 
8' 1 
*?+« 
E xxon 
5o 
J 
4 
4 + « 
52+4 
E x x o n 
55 
3 16 15 16 b 
52'* 
E xxon 
CO 
I 16 
"* 
’ * 
52+4 t N M 
IS 
I** 
1+. 
J 
16U 
I 
N M 
2o a 
3 16 
H 
IA H 
Fluor 
3o 
7 '* a a 
37'? 
I tUOr 
35 
J’ ? 
4'* 
5'-* 
37’? 
Flu o r 
4o 
3 16 
I' I 
2 H 
37'1 
+ mo r 
45 a 
" l b 
37'? 
Fo rd 
5o 
IO’ * 
1o+. 
U U 
6o’ x f Ord 
6o 
5 16 
2 ", 
4* • 
ACU 
G en E l 
5o 
3+* 
S' X 
6 '* 
S3H 
G en E I 
55 
+* 23 16 
3 
S JH 
G en E l 
6o 
I 16 l l 16 
I U 
53 H 
G M 
CO 
IS H 
!$+* b 
75 v? 
G M to 
J I , 
6'x 
7+4 
7 5 ? 
G M 
BO 
H i l l 16 
I 
7 5 'j 
G t W s t 
IS 
7 
7 ', a 
72’* 
C t W st 
7'* 
7’ . 
S H 
7 2 ', 
C t W st 
25 
1 16 I I 16 
I U 
22'» 
G it W n .. 
I* 
2H 
3' • 
3 H 
17+* 
G U W n 
2o 
I 16 
’ 
15 16 
17+. 

U P I 
W ey 

6 'x A u g 
8 1 ?Sep 
|6>«NOV 
■ • N O V 
NOV 

I) 18 
9 19 
14 85 
I? 45 
13 36 
16 IO 
13 46 
14 o6 
I OO 
J 29 
I oo 
991 

* 
4 67 
9 o3 
4 OI 

W 94 
• 96 
14 73 
17 l l 
13 OI 
1588 
13 25 
13 73 
I OO 
5 22 
I OO 
V 68 
15 o7 
9 45 
I « 
3 92 

11 99 
11 89 
4 41 
4 29 
967 
21 64 
165 ll 12 

9 79 
4 59 
4 12 
5 95 
7 58 
5 55 
I 52 

9 57 
77 49 
14o 
IO 82 

4 o9 
5 85 
7 56 
5 SI 
I 4o 

1o 96— 

, r r 

W 
U 
1598 
13 16 - 
13 7J. 
I OO 
5 24 - 
I OO 

, ? o r 
9 45 sn 

11 89 
4 29 ■ 
9 57 
27 i i 
I 52 
1o t i - 

9 71- 
4 59 * 
4 17 
5 1 7 - 
7 56- 
5 5 2 - 
1 4 2 - 

27 
3o 
19 
17 
IO 

1o 
14 
11 
I 73 
15 sa 

 ol 

o8 a 
OI 
. i i 

E q u it y 
G ro w th 
In co m e 

17 88 
17 56 
17 5 9 - .36 
9 IS 
8 95 
8.94— 
25 
1647 
1641 
1 6 4 5 - M 

85 l l 83 2o 83 
2 o - 2 14 5 55 
99 22 98 14 91 
14 
I 6 6 91 
1o5 11o3 181o3 
11-1 22 7 o5 

6 'x N o v 86 
99 ) 7 91 4 
98 4 
- 1 1o 6 38 
3' ? F e b 9o 
14 16 83 4 
83 4 
— I JO 
5 3o 
8 'x M a y 9o 
111 
141o9 261o9 26- I J7 
7 IO 
4 > * A u q l7 97 65 JO 84 A 
64 6 
- 1 24 5 74 
F e b S t 93 85 l l 
6 ' . F e b 91 
A u g B l 91 H 
I ■ ■ ■ 
4+SM4V 
89 94 
15 17 83 16 83 16-1 71 5 62 
J 
F a b 95 
64 78 11 1 
83 6 — I 14 I 
7 
M ay 
91 98 
1oo 28 96 18 98 15-1 26 7 
J- .NOV 96 
64 16 8 3 7 
83 I - I 22 4 76 
8<?May 
94 99 
111 1811o 2811o 35 - 2 4 
7 38 
7’ ,+ eb 95 oo 1o7 
1o5 2)o5 2 - 7 IO 7 36 
H H iAog 95 OO 111 181o9 261o9 2 6 - 2 A 7 4o 
8 
A u g 96 OI 1o8 S lo t 4 1o6 4 - 2 14 7 6o 
I 1 ?M a v 
OOO) 
11o 3o1o9 4 1o9 4 - 7 4 
7 42 n — T re a su ry Notes 
P ric e s quoted in do llars ad th irty seconds 
Su b ject to 
F e d e ra l tax es but not to 
State incom e taxes 

KC Livestock 

K A N S A S C H Y ( A P ) enough lo test 
C a ttle IOO 
Not est p ric e s 
E a r lie r in the week 
Slaughter steers ch o ic e 9oo 12oo lb 
37 OO H Y ) 
Slaughter hatters choice 
*25 
975 lb 36 OO 17 6o 
H og s iToOO lo w e r, 
J n u u l ■ 
■ 
I m 
2 3 291 lb 36 OO 
Sow s w eights under 5oo I sca rce , few 5oo lb and h e a vie r s te ad y. I 
5oo 55o lb 34.oo 
E s t im a tes tor 
M o n d a y: 
C a ttle 
1.ooo 

 ss 
B a rro w s and g ilts 12$ I SO 
' j - ' / t W Q O lb 3 5o 
T I TOO 25o lb 
38 5o. few 2 3 17 SO 
I 2 25o lh J I 25, 

G tW n O 
G tW n O 
Haitjtn 
Hat bin 
Helbftt 
H a lb tn 
Horn stk 
Horn stk 
Mom stk 
Horn stk 
HOU O M 
HOU O M 
HOU O M 
Hou O M 
HOU O M 
N A 
I N A 
I N A 
I N A 
I B M 
H M 
B M 
In H e r 
In H e r 
In (lia r 
In M m 
In M in 
In P a p 
In P a p 
■ T T 
T T 
T T 
Jo h n J 
John J 
Jo h n J 
Jo h n J 
Kenn C 
Kent, f kenn C k e rr M h e r r M k e r r M 
Kresge 
Krirxge 
K r e s g e 
I news 
Loew s 
Lo e w s 
Mc Don 
M c Don 
M c Dun 
M erck 
M e rc k 
M e rc k 
M M M 
M M M 
Mon san 
M on san 
N C P 
N C R 
N C R 
N w A ir 
N w A ir 
N w A ir 
Purtni 
Pen n * 
Penn/ 
Pep si 
P e p si 
Pe p si 
Po la r 
P o 'a r 
P o la r 
P O ‘# r 
R C A 
R C A 
N C A 
Seers 
Se ars 
S e a rs 
Sp erry 
S p e rry 
S p e r r y 
S y n Z o c 
S y n Z o e 
S y n Z o e 
Syntax 
I S y n te x 
Avn tax 

 ta t+. 
7o 
I la 
5o 
IO 
55 
5 
6o t'S 
7o i ta 
25 
11>< 
3o 
A's 
3511J 16 
4o 
'• 
P l 
14'J 
9' 

IO 
35 
4o 
45 

^ 5 
4o 
45 

24o 
26o 

 b b io n 
5+s 
I b 
3 2 '? l l ' , 

 b b b b b b b b 
59 H b b 
58H 
J ’* 
S H 
59H 
7* 
1*« 
S9 U a b 
IA H 
7 '? 
7*4 
36+. 
3 H 
4 ' 1 
36H 
I U 
T H 
36H 
TO 
V 
49 ** 
IS 
IS H 
4 9 ', 
I ) ' * l l '1 
49H 
7H 
V U 
49 , 
4 H 
6 U 
49H a b 
4SH 
B H 
6 '* 
45H 
23 16 
3 . 
45H 
' J 
I U 
45H b b 
272 
TOH 
76+* 
277 
2*o 
I U 
• H 
W U 
272 
25 
7 U 
I'* 
V ; 
3 2 ', 
3o 21 16713 16 
J U 
32 « 
35 b 
+4 
I U s 
: 
P 
5' • 
6 a 
4o 
*4 23 16 
3 
4o I 
4o 
6 
7'.* 
64 , 
7o 
’ * 
I U 
J U 
64U 
PJ 
3+4* 
I U 
4 U b 
4*4 
J J U 
J J U 
IS 
J 16 
I 
I * . 
33 + x 
7o b 
9 a 
76W 
IO 
-U 
T H 
4 
76*. 

IOO a 
7 a 
16 
16 
I U b 
76+. 
76*. 
2S 
TU 
3’ 1 
4 H 
JT H 
» 
'* 
I U 
I U 
2 7 ', 
SS a 
U 
H 
JZ H 
6o 
• 1 b b 
69+* 
7o 
I 
4 
5 '* 
6 9 ', 
IO a 
U H S 16 
69 1, 
31 
4 
5+* 
6 
J* 
4o t ? 
TU 
J U 
39 
45 a 
+* IS 16 
38 
9+4 
IO U a 
34' I 
3o 
4H 
5' * 
S U 
*4 » 
IS b 
7 U 
J U 
34 I 
.MT 
J U 
S 'j 
I U 
53 
6o 
I 16 l l 
16 
J U 
53 
7o 
I 16 b b 
53 
AO b 
• u 
9 H 
66+. 
TO 
3 16 27 16 
J U 
6 4 U 
8o a a IS 16 
66+4 
SO 
6' ■ 
7'4 a 
J J U 
6o 
I 16 I t 16 
2*4 
SS H 
•o 
7 '* 
I U 
9 H 
(MW 
*o 
7 16 
3 
4 U 
17 H 
V 
TV, a a 
37U 
35 
J U 
I U 
4*. 
3 7 . 
*o b 
I U 
JV I 
37 U 
25 
4*4 
5'X 
I U 
JO U 
■ - TI 
7 16 
I U 
2+* 
784* 
35 a 
'? b 
284* 
25 
I 
7H 
I 
32U 
JO 
2*4 
3+4 
4' ; 
32". 
35 
'* IS 16 
I U 
J J U 
7o 
OH a a 
T I ? 
IO 
H 2 I5 16 a 
T I U 
9o a i 4 a 
7 8 'j 
)o 
6+4 b b 
M U 
35 
TU 
4 
S U 
36U 
4o 
U U ) 16715 16 
36H 
45 
I 16 
H b 
36+, 
4o 
67, 
7 
26U 
25 
I U 
2+4 
J U 
76'• 
IO 
I 16 I t I* 
• b 
76 U 
« J 
6+* 
I a 
66 > 
7o 
U 
J 
J U 
I ! ' * 
IO 
I 16 b b 
66' ? 
4o 
I H 
J U 
41 
4o U 
45 
I 16 13 l l l r 
♦OU so 
I 16 u b 
♦OU 
25 
5 16 b b 
H 
I 16 b b b 
35 
I 16 
6 b b 
, , 2o 
3+« 
4 H 
S U 
J J U 
. 25 
' 4 
I U 25 l l 
23*. 
IO 
I 16 
4® b 
9M b 

 esc no 
T eso ro 
T e so ro 
Tex in ex In 
Tex In x In ex in 
Upiohn 
U p jo h n oho eyerh 
W e y e rh 
W eyerh 
Xerox 
Xerox 
X e ro x 

E P 
E P 
Am HOS 
Am HOS 
M P 
M P 
Bax ter 
B ax ter 
B a x te r 

Blk Ok 
I 
O k 
B o e in g 
Boeing 
Boeing 
Bois C 
C 
B o is C a s 
B S 
Coke 
Coke 
Co ke otga t 
Colp at 
C ro w E d m w E d 
Data 
D ata 
G n O vn 
G n O yn 
G n O y n 
G E U ta h 
G E Utah 
G E U ta h 
Gen F d 
G en F d 
G e n F d ew iet 
M ew let 
Inns 
Inns 
Honw ll 
H o n w ll 
H o n w ll 
In F ly 
In F ly 
J M an y 
J M an y 
M an y 
M G IC 
M G IC 
Mobil 
Mobil 
M o b il 
N Sem i 
N Sem i 
N Se m i 
O rc . 
DCC I 
Q e d 
R e y 'h n 
R eytn n 
R a y th n 

 x y in o u th n 
St Ind 
Ind 
In d 
■ G it 
. G it 
A L 
A I 
Tech 
Tech 
T e ch 
W a it 
J W att 
J W att 
W illm t 
W t i'm s 
Totai vc 

9 ta a 
6' ? 

IO 
15 
IO 
9o 
IOO n o 
12o 
13o 
IS 
4o 
4S 
4o 
4S 
SO 
SO to 
*4 
7o 
I I* 
Fen 
2o 
S' 
25 
3o 13 16 
35 
I 16 
25 a 
JO 
' ? 
35 
4+4 
4o l+x 
45 a 
15 a 
2o 
I 
25 a 
35 
4o 
45 
25 
3o 
35 
5o to to 
BO 
9o 
25 
3o 
3o 
35 
2o 
25 
45 
5o an 
38' > 
46' 

1 'X lU 16 
I 16 
>4 b 
11' 4 
’ » 
5+s 
I 16 
2 
I 16 l l 16 a 
3 16 
3>4 
4+, 
'4113 16 
116 
*» 
4' J 
$+4 
2+s 
W 

M ay 

A'S 
2 b a 
8<4 
4'X b b 
5+s 
7+x b 
A 's 
3+s l+* 
9+4 
4 >4 b 
Aug 

 i l l 16 13 16 

9 16 
4"? 

7 'J 
2+4 
3, 
M s 
2’ X 
+s 
7+s 
Ss 
• 
1+s 
I 16 
J' i 
I la 
I ' j a 
5+4 
1‘S 

1+S 21 16 
A a 
3 
3j 
15 16115 16 a 
6 
1 + 
9 16 b 

25 16 b b 
4+4 
2+4 
I a ’s 
3 
4 
I ' , H S 16 
9 
7+4 
9 ', 
3+s 

3 16 
6> i 
7+s 

16' x 
16'4 
16 "4 
96+s 
96+* 
96+* 
963* 
96+* 
36 ? 
3 8 ? 
38"? 
44"? 
44' ? 
44"| 
56'? 
56+x 
56 U 

25'x 
25's 
29 
29 
271 
271 
4o's k4o'S 
4o' * 
2o 
2o 
2o 
41 
41 
41'? 
31+4 
31+ 
31 + 
57'? 
57 
77 
77 
77 

■ 
£ j i 

Feb 
A p r 
Ju n 
Aug 
Oct 
_ . „ 
_____ 
__________________ 
D ec 
43 3o 
43 45 
43 25 
43 35 b43 37 
Feb 
43 5o 
43 7o 
43 2o 
4 3 65 
4 3 5o 
Sales eb 4829 
A pril 
28oo; Ju n e 996 
Aug 776. O ct 72. Dec 2o, F a b 16 
Open interest 
F e b 1983o. A p ril 13859 
Ju n e 6643, Aug 2869, O ct 721. 
Dec 353; 
F e b IO? 

F E E O E R C A T T L E (41,ooo lbs) 

+*113 16 
14'* 
( 

+* 
VO 
3>* b 
V t 
2 ’ x b 

31 
31 
25 
25'? 
5? 
57 
52 b b 

M a r 
443 TO 
443 9o 
M a y 
448 4o 
448 4o 
Ju t 
452 4o 
452 5o 
Sep 
4S6 7o 
456 7o 
O k 
463 8o 
463 8o 
Ja n 
465 SO 
465 6o 
M a r 
469 OO 
47o.3o 
M a y 
474 5o 
474 5o 
Sales estim ated 
5,1oo s settling 

S I L V E R (5,ooo tro y O I) 
Jan 
— 
— 
- 
44o OO 441 OO ab 
441 SO 442 5o 44o 
IO 441 5o 443 IO pr 
446 oo 446 5o 444 2o 444 5o 447 oo un 
45o SO 45o.5o 448 6o 449 IO 45! 3o 
A u g 
454 4o 4S4 SO 4S3 5o 453 6o 455 7o 
O d 
459 6o 459 6o 458 OO 458 IO 46o .1o 
Dec 
461 SO 463 SO 467 5o 462 6o 464 7o eb 
466 OO 468 OO 467 OO 467 X) 469 JO 
Apr 
473 oo 473 oo 471 9o 471 9o 473 8o 
Ju n 
477 6o 478 OO 476 8o 476 8o 478 RO | 

Spot C o m m o d ity P r ic e s (W h o le sa le ) 
P r e y 
Y e a r I 
T o d ay D a y 
Ag 
A lu m in u m ,lb ,N Y 
48 
48 
A ntim o n y A m e ric a n 
I 78 
I TI 
Copper 
E le c tro ly tic 
65 63 
65 63 
G o ld , tro y o7 N Y 13? 8o 
IM 6o 
S ilve r, tro y o i 
N Y 
4 41o 
4 4o9 
Lo ad . I t 
26 oo 
26 oo 
Pig iron. l o b tdry uttalo, Grosstn21o 19 
P la tin u m , tro y 7 N Y !6 ? ® 

38 IO 
38 37 
4o 75 
42 OO 
42 8o 

38 15 
38 55 
41 OO 
42 17 
42 95 

37 67 
37 72 
38 OO 
38 1o 
38 25 
38 4o 
4o-55 
4o 9o 4o 8o 
41 SO 
41 9o 
41 BS 
42 SS b42 9o a42 8o 

M ar 
Apr 
M a y 
Aug 
Sep 
O d 
NOV 
Sates 
Aug 2o 
Open 

18 25 
38 25 
39 25 
39 1o 
39 57 
39 7o 
4o 4o tOtO to 3o 
4o 45 
4o o5 
4o 15 
4o 25 
4o 25 
M arch 1o2. A p ril 
144, 
Sap 48 O d 36, N e v I interest 
M a rc h 
65o. 
A p ril 

17 as 
38 o? 
38 4o 
38 65 b38 87 
39 35 
39 25 
39 5o 
39 6o 
4) 2o b4o 45 b4o 47 
4o 2o 
4o 45 
4o 4o 
4o o5 
4o 35 
4o JO 
4o 25 
4o 25 a4o » 
M a y 8o 

75o 
M a y 8o4 
Aug 264 
Sap 167, O ct 72, NOV 
14. 

L I V E H O G S oo.ooo lbs) 
Feb 
36 9o 
37 OS 
36 4o 
36 5o 
36 85 
Apr 
34 25 
34 57 
33 9o 
34 o5 
34 35 
Ju n 
36 85 
37 o2 
JA SO 
36 9o 
36 95 
Jul 
37 5o 
37 75 
17 32 *37 55 a37 55 
Aug 
36 37 
16 37 
35 95 b3S 97 
36 15 
O ft 
34 35 
34 35 
33 85 
33 95 a 34 IO 
Dec 
34 62 
35 oo 
34 62 b3x 85 a34 77 
F e b 
35 9o 
36 oo 
35 7o a JS 7o a35 95 
Sale* 
F e b 7128. A p ril 111o. Ju n e 121 
Ju ly 72. A ug 41, O d 6o 
Dec 17, F e b J 
Open interesl 
Fe b 
5449. 
A p ril 
2983 
Ju n e 1564 
Ju ly 1o88. Aug 85o. O d 5oo 
Dec 2o5. Fab M 

ID A H O P O T A T O E S (IO,OOO lbs) 
No open co n tracts 
S H E L L E G G S (22,SOO do/) 
63 25 
64 2o 63 15 
64 IS 
62 75 
56 o5 
57 o5 
56 o5 
56 9o a55 7o 
55 IO 
56 75 56 8o 
56 75 
55 TO 
5o 2o 
5o 8o 5o 2o bSO 8o 
49 95 
47 25 
47 9o 
47 B 
47 9o 
47 IS 
Ja n 
197, 
F e b 
146 
M arch 
24 
■ M a y 9 
Open interest 
Ja n 654, F e b 626. M arch 
726. Aor ii IQS 
M a y 76 

Ja n 
F e b 
M ar 
A pr 
M a y 
Sales 
A pril IO 

P O R K B E L L I C * (36,ooo lbs) 

5 3 U I 11 16 a 
4 U b 
25 
S U a a 
3o’ . 
JO 
I U 
I U 
J U 
3o'* 
35 
I 16 u 
3 16 
JO U 
8o 
4’ , 
I ' J 
It 
B J « 
9o 13 16 
J U 
SU 
13 * 
IO 
3H 
J U 
4 
13' + 
IS v* u 
I U 
W U 
Kl 
7 U 
I U a 
46W 
4521$ 16 
4+, 
SU 
46H 
5o 13 16 
J U 
3 '* 
44H 
2o 
I U 
2+4 
J U 
71’ * 
25 
U 
"» 
I U 
21'* i i u 
25 
7U 
7 U b 
3o 
TH 
J U 
4 '. 
5 i"? 
35 
U 
I U 
IU 
S IU 
15 
SH 
6 U 
4 U 
19’ , 
2o 
I U 25 16 
J U 
19 U 
55 
9 U 
9 U b 
44 * 
CO 
4 U 
S U 
S U 
44'* to b 
15 16 19 14 
44 . 
25 
J 
J U 
4' I 
25U 
IO u 
I U 
J U 
25+* 
35 u u b 
J J U 
IS 
IO U 
IO U 
IO U 
J J U 
2o 
S U 
6 
6 ? 
25+. 
25 
1UJ11 16 
3 U 
25>* 
SO 
7 
I U a 
$7 
AO 
I 
I * . 
4' ? 
$7 
7o 
I 16 
9 16 b 
57 
AO 
6+i 
7 
4 
64' 1 
7o 
5 16 
I U a 
64' 1 
•o 
17*4 b b 
•J 
HO 
4U 
71-4 
9' 1 
92 
IS 
J U 
J U 
4 '* 
I TU 
X) u 
I 
It * 
IT H 
15 
I ' I 
9 16 
I U 
H U so 
A U 
TU a 
54U 
$5 
J U 
J U 
4 U 
54+. 
6o 
9 16 19 16 25 16 
54 U 
25 
S U 
6 
4 '* 
29H 
3o u n ) ii 
7’ * 
29U 
25 
J U 
3 t. 
4 '* 
76H 
)o 
5 16 
I I I 6 H ) 16 
24H 
3o 
I U a 
4 
H G 
» 
4 
4 U 
S U 
J I * . 
4o 
’* 
23 167)3 16 
J I ' * 
3o 
TU 
TU b 
37 
35 
J U 
J U 
4 
37 
4o u 
I U 
J U 
37 
TO 
5 
5 . a 
25 
75 13 16 
I U 
7 H 
25 ie 8o.448 
Open mIe? es! t 548,519 

Feb 
M ar 
M a y 
Jut 
Aug 
Fe b 
M ar 
Sates 
Ju ly 76 
D p 4*1 it r f 

I 54 9o 
54 75 
55 2o 
55 8o 
54 OO 
58 7o 
59 oo 

55 25 
55 oo 
55 6o 
56 IS 
54 25 
59 3o 
WOO 

54 75 
54 BO 
55 JO 

54 o5 
54 75 
53 9o 
54 4o 
54 6o 
SS IO 
„ . 
55 15 a55 6o a5S 9o 
53 2o 
53 75 
5 3 95 
58 7o a 58 8o a 59 oo 
I 5o 
58 ¥ ) a 58 6o 
F e b 3132 
M a rc h 752 
M a y 1+6 
Aug 16, Fe b 7. M a rc h I tille r est 
F a b 
3949, 
M a r c h 
M a y 
1671 
Ju ly 
9|7, 
Aug 
5o8 
F e b 99, M a rc h 79 

(C E O B R O I L E R S I 28,ooo tbs) 
Ja n 
/Reb 
> M o r 
/Apr 
/M ay 
J Jun t i ul tA u g 

36 75 
37 IO 
38 85 
38 5o 
4o 2o 
41 no 
41 25 
4o OO 

36 8o 
17 9o 
18 95 
38 6o 
4o JO 
4ooo 
41 OO 
4o 8o 
41 3o 
21 25 
4o.BO 
<o 75 

36 65 
37 7o 

1 
% 

I n e w io n t r a r t 
3o OOO I ha 

16 TO 
37 l l 
* 9 7 
38 5o 
4o o5 
4o 8o 
41 IO 
4o 75 

36 65 
37 65 
18 8o 
J I 5o 
4o IO 
4o 9o 
41 25 
4o 65 

A rgentina (peso) 
A u stra lia (d o lla r) 
A u stria 
(sch itl'o g ) 
B rtg iu m (fra n c ) 
B r a id 
(tr u fe ir o ) 
B rita in (pound) 
JO D a y futures 
6o d ay futures 
9o D ay futures 
C anada (d o tie r) 
(peso) 
Colom bia 
(peso) 
D enm ark 
( E o n * ) 
. u ador 
(s u c re ) ranee (fran c I 
H ollan d 
(g u ild e r) 
Hang Kong (d o lla r) 
Israel i po und I 
Ita ly (lir a ! 
Japan ( y i n ) 
M esic® (peso) 
N o rw a y (kro n e I 

 a_Ng? tra d e d , b N o t i o n OH ar en 
Dividend! 

P e ­ riod 
R a te 
IR R E G U L A R 
Colonial F und 
IN C R E A S E D 
C o rp 
M f 
25 
K au fm a n B. B ro ad 
o4 
Koan rin g Co 
N at' P a ra g o n 
2o 
Pu g et So u n d P L 
Snap O n Tools 

P f* ) 
Fe d ! Sig ns! 

Fee* 
S i l l Sign el 
Pen monies 
1 I 

• TO C K 

 x J tor int 
Stock 

 a p e 

C an ada S th R w y lh 
N et' D e le Corp 
Pe n tro p ic* Inc n 
R E 
Adobe Oil A G a s 
B ve lm e ) ashions 
B ran n e r tndyst 
C o m m w th R I! 

 spilt iM IT 
O M IT T E D 

Fst Conn 
G len Gar 

C o rn w all 
Equ ities 
B m p 
G len G a ry Corp 
Gross T elecasting tn tw m e tco Ltd 
S o la n a Co 
Rex P la s tic s 
S ie rra P a c ific 
Star den t Corp 
T r a v e ls * 
Vance Va 
W in n D ix _ 
I 
W inn D ix ie S ir * 
W .V i+tur A4 I 

Stk o4 P a y 
R a t arg able 

I l l 
J Ii 

I l l 
78 
3 1 
32$ 
I 28 
J to 
7 4 
J 28 
I 21 
I 
J 27 
* ii 

 a f 
3 ii 

3 1 
3-IS 
I JO 
I JI 

’ ? ' 
2 25 
J w 
J U 

I S . 
I f s 
I 17 
1 rn 
1 W 
J I 
I 17 
I 28 
I IT 
I 25 

By o» 
4o 4o 
447 OO 
446 5o 
451 OO 
454 9o 

441 I Ch 44? TO 
443 5os 444 TOI 
443 5os 448 9o1 
45 2 oos 453 IO I 
456 3os 457 4o1 
4A3 4os 464 5o 
46 5 7os 466 9o 
47o 4os 471 5o 
475 oob 476 IO 

A JO 

? a 

69 25 
116 65 
4 235 
74 5o 

Steel 5 rrap , gross 
P h ils Chi P itts 
Tin. lb 
N Y 
Zinc, lb 

 ton 
69 5o 
4 4271 
37 

21o 19 
16? OO 
134 5 o 

69 5o 
4 423? 
37 

213 92 
155 oo 
12o OO 

76 83 
3 51+x 
39 
Cash Grain 

K A N S A S C IT Y ( A P ) 
- 
G ra in h i)u rn s I 
F rid a y on the 
K a n s a s 
C ity 
B o a rd of [ 
T rad e 
'ad e 
W H E A T (S O ® , bu) 
O p en 
H ig h 
7 76"? 
I r f , 
2 83 '? 
7 83 
2 88 
?8 8 "? 
2 94"? 
J 94+x 

M ar 
M a y 
Ju l 
Sep 
D e c 
Sales 
1,998 

L o w C lo se 
J 75+9 
2 74'r 
2 8 o '? 
J 8o+* 
2 85+* 
2 86 ? 
2 92 
2 9 2 '? 
3 o2'/? 

P r t v 
J 76' 
J 82" 
J 87 
2 93" 
3 o2 

C H IC A G O ( A P ) - W h eat N o 2 soh red w in ter 
2 76"?n 
F rid a y 
No 
J h e rd red 
2 71"?n 
Corn N o 2 y e llo w 2 57n (hop p er) 
2 S4n (b o x ) O ats N o 2 h e a v y I 85V*n 
Soy beans N o I y e llo w J o4' in 
N o 7 ye llo w corn T h u rsd ay w as quoted at 2 55n (h op p er) 2 52n (box) 

K A N S A S 
C I T Y 
( A P ) 
W heat 
57 c a rs off 
I'/* cents to ! up tv? cen ts, 
No 
2 h ard 
2 69+* 
3 14' ? n , 
N o 
3 
2 6 9 "? 2 7 o '?, 
No 
J re d w h e a t 
2 63+* 2 7o" i n . 
No 
3 
2 6I+. 7 69 ? 

F O R t 
W O R T H 
( A P ) 
W heat export I 
2 94 3 43 
Yet tow corn 
2 69 2 79 
O afs 
I 99' > 2 o2 Y e llo w sorghum 4.27 4 43 

Treasury Bill* 

N E W Y O R K ( A P ) 
LI S. T re a su ry B id s for 
F rld a y 
Due 
Bid 
Ask 
Y id 
1977 
I ll 
4 52 4 26 o 24 
I 13 
4 S3 4 ll 
4 I 
I 2D 
4 52 4 3o 4 W 
I 27 
4 SO 4 >< 
4 38 
J 
3 
4 SI 
4 is 4 44 
I 
8 
4 $3 4 35 4 47 
I IO 
4 SI 
4 35 4 44 
J 
IT 
4 S3 4 39 
4 48 
J 74 
4 54 4 38 4 48 
J 
3 
4 SI 
4 48 4 57 
3 J 
4 Y 
4 48 4 $7 
J 
IO 
4 59 4 49 4 59 
3 17 
4 $9 4 49 4 59 
>24 
4 59 
4 51 4 47 
3 31 
4 59 4 51 4 A? 
4 
5 
4 6o 4 5o 4 41 
4 
7 
4 62 4 56 4 7o 
4 14 
4 61 
4 55 4 47 
4 21 
4 e t 4 57 4 TO 

4 28 
♦ 66 4 6o 4 7. 
5 I 
♦ 74 4 t i 
4 78 
5 
I 
♦ 74 4 64 4 78 
512 
♦ 74 4 -v 4 HO 
5 19 
4 74 4 66 4 • I 
5 24 
4 74 4 66 4 • I 
5 31 
4 76 4 66 4 8? 
4 
J 
4 78 4 J.: 4 86 
6 
9 
4 78 4 7o 4 8/ 
4 14 
4 TU 4 TO 4 87 
6 a 
4 78 4 7o 4 67 
4 a 
4 76 4 AB 4 HS 
6 3o 
4 76 4 JO 4 Bt 
o7 
7 
4 IO * 76 4 95 
I 74 
4 14 * 78 4 97 
I 
23 
4 84 4 78 4 <m 
6 f 
4 •7 ,79 * 9V 
IO t i 
4 A 
4 84 5 o5 l l 
15 
4 93 4 85 5 o8 
I? 13 
4 91 4 87 5 12 
Subiec to Fad er a taxes but not to 
Stele incom e ta xes 

 kale egg hangar! 

S.*4. Livestock 

F E D E R A L S T A T E 

 m a r k e t n e w s s e r v i c e 

C A T T L E A N O C A L V E S 
R e ce ip t? this week estim ated of 3.95o hen ii and w e re red uced sh arp ly bv ad v e rse w eath er conditions that left m any rood* im p assable due either to ic e o r m u d . R e c e ip ts fo r th e holiday shortened p eriod lost w eek 
2.662 and for the som e p eriod lost veer 5,369 
C O M P A R E D TO L A S T W E E K 
Slaughter ca lve s and ye a rlin g s *1-2 h ig h e r , e x t r e m e s 
*3 h ig h e r 
S lo u g h ie r c o w s *1 I SO h ig h e r 
Slaughter pulls fu llv *2 higher ex tre m e s 13 h ig h e r. F e e d e r s te e rs and bulls SI J higher w ith Pest ac lio n on h ig h G o o d a n d C h o ic e 
375 45o lbs 
Fee d er h eifers firm to 
*2 h ig h e r, e x tr e m e s S3 h ig h e r 
F e e d e r steers and bulls i i ? higher with best action on high G ood and 
C hoice 375-45o lbs. F e e d e r h eifers firm to i ? higher, most a d v a n c e on 
G ood 25o 45o lbs 
P a c k e r b u y e rs e x tr e m e ly a g g r e s s iv e on fle s h y 
35o 55o lb. cattie this week w ith bulk h eifers m o vin g into the sla u g h te r channels 
Slo u g h ier cow s m ode up fu lly 2o per cen t of the run and sloughier ca lve s and ye a rlin g s ac counted tor a n o th e r IO p er cen t. 
M o io ritv a t the botonee w os Good and Choice 325-575 lb feeder steers and bulls w ith bulk feed er h e lle r supply Good 25o 45o lbs 
S L A U G H T E R 
C A L V E S 
A N O 
Y E A R L I N G S 
G o o d a n d C h o ic e 
IOO 575 lbs 
*34 SO 35 5o. tow high dressing 536. m ostly Good 4oo675 lbs 
S3o 5o 34 SO. a n d .1oo 4oo lbs 
528 SO 3o 75 Sta n d a rd and low G o o d. 
35o-65o lbs 525.2.5 29 25 
S L A U G H T E R C O W S 
U M ltv 1-3 
523 75 26.5o. few 526 75 27. 
C utter 
521 25. sam e high d re ssin g 525 25 26 ond 
C onner and low C utter 
515 7521 75 
S L A U G H ! t R 
B U L L S 
Y ie ld g rade I ? 1,185 1.7oo lbs 
SIO 25 34. few high d ressing 534 5o-35 SO. few 
9oo 1,2oo lbs 527.75-3o.25 
I L E D E R S T E E R S A N D B U I L S 
L a ie s o le s . C h o ic e 3oo 4oo lb s 
537 39 5o . 4oo-5oo lbs 
536 38 5o, few 
518 75 39 25, 5oo 6oo lbs 
535 5o 37.5o and few 6oo 65o lbs 
*33 5o 35.5o 
M ixed Good ond Choice 3oo 4oo Dis 
534 75-37.SO. 
4oo 6oo lb s 
534 37. so m e lo ts th in 
4oo 5oo lb s 
5 16 75 37 75 a n d 
JJS 28o lb s 
514 5o I*.SO. m o stly G oo d 78o 4oo lbs 532 34 75. m ostiv 533 and abo ve late 
4oo 6oo lbs 
532 34 SO, la rg e ly 
532.25 34 25 and som e SOO 7oo lbs 
531-3.1 25 
S ta n d a rd and low G oo d 
528 25 32 5o and 
S ta n d a id 
524 ;s ,ig ? s 
F E L D L R 
H E I F E R S 
M o s tly 
C hoice 35o 5oo lbs 
528 3o, m o stly 
529 o n d o b o v r w ith fe w lo ts 
53o 5o 3 1 5o 
G o o d o n d C h o ic e 
325 55o lbs 
$27 75 29 75 and m ostly 
Good 25o 5oo lbs 
525 25 28 2 + . la r getv 526 25 on d a b o ve 
S ta n d a rd and low Good 52 I 25 25. tew Ston dolci 521 23 
H O G S 
R e c e ip ts th is w ee k 
7oo. last week 834 and lost year 899 
C O M P A R E D I O L A S ! 
W E E K 
B a rro w s und g ilts fu lly 52 low er through 
T u esday 
N o c o m p a riso n on sows 
B A R R O W S A N O G IL T S 
U S l l 
19o 2.55 lbs 
517 39 5o, on T u esd o v 
5 )7 37 5o w ith few sm q ll lots on 
W ednesday 536 5o 3a 75 
S O W S 
U S I 3 3oo 4oo lbs 525 77, few I J ?7o 3oo lbs, 528 3o on Tues dov 
4oo-6oo lbs 574 25 

V i l i o l e i ' u l t ’ M o a t 

F E D E R A I. ST A T E 
M A H k E T N E W S S E R V IC E 

W H O L E S A L E 
M E A T 
T R A D E 
(less (hon c o r ln lI W E L K E N D IN G 
JA N 
6 
NO P R IC E C O M P A R IS O N S 
S T E E R A N D H E I F E R 
B E E F 
C h o ic e 
4oo SOO lb s 
565 o n ly . 
5oo 7oo lbs 
56.) 66 
S ta n d a rd and 
Good 1 3, 35o 6oo lbs 563 64 
C O W B E E F 
B le a k mg U tility. I I. 
547 
Boning U tility. I 3, 55o ( anner ond C u llet 
55? 
B U L L 
Yteld g ra d e I J. MO lbs and up. SAO, 4oo 6oo lbs , 558 
C A L F 
Good ond Choice. 15o 3oo lbs , 563 
B t t F P R IM A L S 
Y ie ld J 4 
H IN D Q U A R T E R S - 115 18o lbs 
Choice. 178 87 Good, 576 BS 
F O R E Q U AH T L R S - ITO 19o lbs 
Good ond Choice, S S I 57 
S Q U A R E 
C U I C H U C K S - 
5o 8o lbs 
Good and Choice. 556 61 
A R M 
C H U C K S 
- 
SO 9o lb s . 
C hou e, 556 6o 
R O U N D S - 
5o 85 lbs 
C h o ic e . 
571 99 Good. 57 7 95 
R I B S 
- 
25 35 lh * 
C h o ic e , 
>92 1o4 Goad. 585 IO) 
IW IM M E D L O IN S 
- 4o 7o IPS 
Choree HOS HQ Good H O I 1(18 
B o n eless co w h eel 
VU per cen ) 
•eon 175 
B o n eless bull beef 
"o per cent leon 582 

S .A. lYffllot 

F E D E W AI. ST A t t 
M A R K E T N E W S S E R V IC E 

D I R E C T S A L E S F O R S O U T H 
A N D S O U T H E A S T T E X A S W E E K 
E N D IN G JA N 6 
C O N F I R M E D 
5.5oo, 
T ro d e in 
S o u th o n d S o u th e a s t m o d e r a te 
D e m an d g e n e ra lly goad 
F e e d lo t* rem ain m uddy ond cattle d ressin g p ercen tag es o re below n o rm a l due m a in ly to th is c o n d itio n 
M o n y b u ye rs Insisting on ad d ition al pencil shrink 
About IOO slaug hter steers in this week s supply but no p ric e com pariso n Slau g h ter h e lle rs weak to 54) cents low er, som e late sates i i low er 
A ll c a ttle sold F O B feedlot w ith 4 per cent p en cil shrink and for d e live ry w ithin to d ays 
S L A U G H T E R S T E E R S 
C o u p le loads Good and Choice J J 1,o35 lbs 
I J S 75 
S L A U G H T E R H E I F E R S 
G o o d w ith 
1o-4o p e r c e n t C h o u t 
J J 
675 775 lbs la te 516 )6 5o 
About 
7 I SO h e a d 75o 85o IP s e a r lie r 
537 37.5o I cmd 9oo lbs 
537 6o 
F e w loads Stan d ard ond Good I 2 485 5oo lbs *34 5o 

Butter and Egg* 

C H IC A G O ( A P ) 
- 
(U S D A ) 
- 
Butter unsettled w h o le sale b u ying prices un f hanged 
93 score A A 9o 82, 9? A 9o 82. 
9o B crquoted 
E g g s ganef a lly s te ad y , sales delive re d store door c a rto n s u rn *a rm e d . 
A extra larg e TO 77, A la rg e 49 74. A m ed ium s 64 
69 

N E W Y O R K 
( A P ) 
- 
1 U S O A ) - W hole vale egg otter m g* ste ad y, p rices 

Foreign Exchange 

N E W Y U R K ( A P ) — Fo re ig n Ex ch a n g e d o llars and d e cim a ls of a d o lla r, N ew 
York p rices 
A rt 
Thur* 
oo4ooo oo4ooo 
1o*25 
1W 25 
o6o5 
O61o_ 
o276oo o278oo 

I .n j ! 
M 
I 685o 
' 
I 687o 
I 66*o 
o 8977 
o75o 
o3oo 
172o 
o4oo 
2o15 
4o48 
215o 
118* 

I MVO 
I 6755 
I 6625 
o H I S 
o75o 
o)ooa 
S??, 
214o 
HIP L l 
oo114? oo115o 
oo3418 oo3425 
o525 
o525 
1928 
1 84o 

W e e k ly G ro u p A verag e s 
N E W V O R K ( A R I — The follow ing list gives m e w e e k ly a ve ra g e net change tor w it com m on stocks trad ed in each group 
A erosp ace 
A irc ra ft 
A ir Transport 
A uto, T ru ck 
Auto P a rts A A ccesso ries 
B an k s. Savin g s A Lean 
B e ve ra g e So h D rin k s 
Brewing, Distilling 
Building 
............ 
Ch em ic als 
C o m m unication 
Co ng lom erates 
D ive rsifie d 
C ontainers, Pac ka g in g 
D rugs, M e d ica l Suppl 
E le c tro n ic s , E le c tric I 
Fin a n c e 
Pro d u ct* 

Foods, Corr, m odi ties 
Fo od M a i k e t * ^ V endo rs 
Gold 
S ilve r 
H o te ls, M otet*. 
House Fu rn ish 
In su ran ce 

T ourism tngs 

 estm ent C am p em a* 
M a c h in e T ool* A A ccessories 
M ach in e ry 
M e ta l F a b ric a tin g 
M inin g (non m e ta llic ) 
M ot or T ran sp o rt A Leasin g 
Non ferro u s M e ta l* a ttic e E q u ip m e n t A Se rvice s 
P a p e r, P u lp 
P etro leu m 
Photo P ro d u c t* A Se rvice s 
P re c is io n in stru m en ts, W itc h e s 
P rin tin g , Pu blish in g 
R a ilro ad s 
R a il E q u ip m en t 
R e a l 
E s ta te 
R e c re e f ion, L e is u re 
R e stau ra n t* 
R e ta il 
T rad e 
R u bb er. Tires 
Shipping 
Shipbuilding 
Shoe*. L e a th e r 
Pro d ucts 
Soaps. C o sm e tic*, T oiletries 
Sle et, iron 
T ex tiles. A p p a re l 
............ a b a c a } 
,, 
,,,..• *****# ■ »» u tilitie s E le c t r ic .......................... 
H i M 
I . . . . . . . . .......... 
Is l U tilities 

 unch 
Q u o tatio n s fro m the M A SO re 
— U rep re se ntative mte> denier price s os 
♦ V* of O R P'O Bim ateiy I p rn inter d ealer 
4 * i1*- m arkets <bange thr Ought,ut the dov 
*■ tWTCt* 
RO X#* do not 1 riel "d e re tail m ark up, 

- H m ark do e n or fom m tk+ion 
Ja n 7, 1977 
B id 
Asked 
♦ H 
A lan ia Sa vin g s 
16 « 
- ^ 
A m er F d fS 
IT ti 
WWW 1.4 
A m m a?! 
3 
— 
A m er S e t Lit 
J I 
3 * 
* ’ 
B* *Of C e Bx 
34 
— Mi un ch 
Co teterto? In t 
19 I 

 unch 
— H 
Dolopoint 
29 7 
3o * 

* ~ H 
D orchester G o ? 
IO '. 
It 
11 R o y-/ t u t 
I I H 
12 unch 
F o re ,! OH 
22*. uncb 
F rank 
J I H 
J I' r 
.«• *4 
F t Sam B k S n a re ? 
J I 
33 
. 4 y$ 
F ro ?! Bk 
JO u nc* 
D ud E n e rg y 
9 ? 
IO1* 
4 
H andy D an 
I ) ? 
14 . 
H en ry S M iller 
2o' 1 
I I 

K e lly fr mid Nu 
I Lane Star B re w 
72 

M erchants l * ‘ . 
16 . 

 one* 
M ere o* I x Com m 
25W 
26 * unch 
M ere at I * P td 
6J 
64 
- > 9 
NBC at I e . 
IS i f unch 
O lym p ia B r e * 
5o / 
SI 1 
, mw T* 
, P late 
6+« 
OW 
.mm V| 
‘ P a g e 
14 * 
14 , 
1^ 
Sbeo ( i w h 
J U 
3' • 
* H 
+ M snep R io 
I ' 1 to ? 

— U 
S ig n s or t i 
12 * 

. 
*8 
St w o rt O S im e o n 
14' , t i 
•rn. H 
Texas intl A u 
3 * 
3 ? 
T ip p erary n u 
16 , 
*1 
T ran sp ort Lit 
5 ? 
S U 
. .an et 
W eath erfo rd intl 
D W 
14 I 
. M KTH 
P- Has t i I r n * 

Omaha Livet»loc*k 

O M A H A 
N eb 
( A P ) 
(U S D A ) 
- 
L iv e stock quotations F rid a y 
Hogs 
3 5oo b arro w s and g ilts fa irly | a c tive . 
5o 75 low er 
U S 
I 3 
2oo 23o >b 
19 oo )9 75 around 
IOO Lead 39 V: v.w s 
5o 75 lr, /.cr instant es I I C Io w a' 
JOO 6oo lb 32 Kl 33 OO 
C attle and ca lve s 
1.2oo sm all supply slaughter ca ttie , m a in ly co w s, fa ir ly ac I liv e aud s h a d y feeder supply consigned I tor 
F r id a y auction u tility and com m er elal cow s TCX $o 24 o. can n er and cut a r 19 OO 73 OO 
Sheep 
None 
M on day s estim ated receip ts 
C a ttle and c a lv e s 
6 5oo, hogs 
5 OOO sheep SOO 

A m a r i l l o 
I j v c h l o c k 

A M A R IL L O . Tex 
( A P ) - O em an d tor ! ca rc as s steer and h eifer beet lim ited, sates stead y in d e a n up type trad e 
N o'| sales cow beef 
Steer beet 
Cha ce J 5oR 
9oo tbs 6 1 o o . good 
3 5oo*oo lbs 
57 oo 
H eifer beet 
Choice J 5oo roo (bs SO H, good 3 5oo too lbs Si Ob____________ 
O V E R TH E 

S H E L L 
OY 

N O W 

Ind u s easy' Just cell us today and we ll put your low cost ad in print. 

For extra cash, sell those golf clubs . . . now ' 

C a ll 2 2 5 - 1 6 6 6 

“ I don't want to hear a song and dance about your attic full of old stuff!" 
Coll 
225-166* 

Q: How x deep Is i the 
(Pacific) 
Ocean? 

A: 36,198 feet at the deepest spot. 
For more facts on nature, animals, ecology and the environment, get your copy of The 1977 
World Almanac and 
Book of Facts —the fascinating and informative book with answers to nearly any question. Priced at only $3.25, it's the book bargain of the year. 

Q: How ta ll was 
Miss 
America 
1 9 6 2 $ 

A Maria Fletcher was 
5' 54". 
Interested iii people? 
Award winners? 
Celebrities? The 1977 
World Almanac is packed with them 
Get your copy of the new World Almanac today On sale at our public service counter, bookstores, news stands, supermarkets or wherever quality reading is sold. 

Q: W hat’s 

 of Upper 
Abita? 

A The capital of the 
African nation of 
Upper Volta is 
Ouagadougou 
More fascinating facts on places everywhere under the sun in The 
1977 World Almanac 
-the book that’s 12 books in one. Get your copy today. 

Q: Which is faster, whippet or rabbit? 

A; The hound, at 
35.5o miles per hour, is faster than the lune at 35 mph even. 
For more fast facts on animals (some vegetables and plenty of minerals), pick up your copy of The 
1977 World Almanac 
- the information bargain of the year. 

THE 
1977 
WORLD 
ALMANAC 
& BOOK 
OF FACTS 
$3 23 

I {ii 
!i!ii|i!i! 
MU 
Pl 
( I 1 
I*, 
I! r s U 

 t m ii 

I a C L L 
OY 
N O W 

4 

 a 
1 

Page 
I O C 
San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Saturday January 8 1977 

 lady Sarah Spencer-Churchill, shown above with husband Greek actor Theodorous Rouban- is, is reportedly leaving Jamaica following a robbery rampage at her home Thursday during which she was attacked. — AP Wirephoto 

Educators protest IRS plan 

WASHINGTON (AP) - A parade of educators and two members of the House tax-writing committee as­ sailed on Friday an Inter­ nal Revenue Service propo­ sal that would tax free tui­ tion benefits received by spouses and children of some school, college and university employes. 
Private schools common­ ly provide tuition-free education to em ployes’ dependents, sometimes on a reciprocal basis between schools. The value of these benefits has not previously been taxed, but a pending 
IRS proposal would levy income tax on them as a form of income. 

No rush 
IRS Commissioner Don­ ald Alexander, who is due to leave office in less than two wdeks, said the agency would not “ rush to judg­ 

 ment on this very serious m atter.” 
T ypically recu rrin g in the comments of the scores of educators on a daylong witness list at a IRS public hearing were predictions that such a tax would: 
• Make it h ard er to recruit faculty and staff; 
• Break promises made years ago to employes who took jobs while counting on free tuition; 
• Shift the cost of educating children of low er-paid clerical and maintenance employes to the governm ent, because such employes wouldn’t be able to accept free tuition becall*1 of the tax cost. 
Rep. Abner Mikva, D-Ill., a m em ber of the House 
Ways and 
M eans 
C om m ittee, said any change in the tax status of such tuition paym ents ought to be made by Con­ 

 gress, not the IRS. 

Mikva said Congress had relied on long-standing IRS policy not to tax such payments. He said he would like to try to get Congress to pass legislation specifically exem pting such payments from tax. 
Any change in tax policy on indirect employe ben­ efits ought to bi* consistent, 
Mikva said, pointing out that Congress had recently exempted from income tax the value of legal services provided to w orkers by their em ployers through group plans. 
He also referred to such other non-taxed benefits as store discounts given to some employes of retailers and low-cost or free travel available to a irlin e em ­ ployes. 
Rep. Jam es G. M artin, 
R-N.C., also a Ways and 
Means 
C om m ittee 

 m em ber, said the parent student. 
....... ought not be taxed for a 
11 is not >’et known what of such a change in benefit received by a v>ew ^ incoming C arter regulations. 

 administration might take tax 

I dead, I hurt in shootings 

Separate 
Friday shootings left one man dead and another ser­ iously injured. 

The dead man was identified by police as 
Lloyd Riley, 34, of 2o1 Beryl 
Drive. 
The fatal shooting no- 
Cabinet choice reveals his financial worth 

WASHINGTON (AP) - 
Rep. Brock Adams, P re ­ sident-elect Carter’s choice for secretary of transporta­ tion, reported his net worth at $153,2o1.64 Friday. 
In a financial statement filed with the Senate Com­ merce Committee. Adams listed assets of $23o,213, in­ cluding two residences, furniture, three automo­ biles and 
KIO shares of 
American Telephone and 
Telegraph Co. stock. 
Adams went before the committee in a confirm a­ tion hearing Friday. 
Liabilities of $77,o11.7o included two mortgages to­ taling $72,5oo and $3,o21 balance on two loans for school tuition for his chil­ dren. 
A separate statem ent listed family cash assets totaling $33,716 iii check­ 

 ing and savings accounts, including sep arate ac­ counts of his wife, 
E lizabeth, and three children. 
Adams filed copies of his federal income tax returns for 1973, 1974 and 1975. 

The returns showed ad­ justed gross income of 
$69,632 and federal income tax of $13,52o in 1973, in­ come of $59,624 and tax of 
$11,118 in 1974. and income ol $62,93o and tax of $14,974 for 1975. 

I ii addition to h i s con­ gressional salary of $42,5oo in 1973 and 1974 and $42,85o in 1975, the joint returns of 
Brockman and Elizabeth S. 
Adams listed income from honoraria, articles, and lectures totaling $2o,576 in 
1973, $15,368 in 1974 and 
$17,824 in 1975. 

HOUSTON 
(A P) 
- 
James B. Irwin, the eighth astronaut to walk on the 

Ex-Mossier spouse loses claim to will 

HOUSTON (AP) - A probate judge ruled Friday the last husband of Candace 
Mossier has no legal stand­ ing lo challenge the will of the late millionairess. 
Judge 
Pat 
Gregory rejected Barnett Garrison's claim he is the surviving spouse. 
Garrison, 38, and Mrs. 
Mossier were m arried in 
1971, and divorced Dec. I, 
1975. 
The will in question divides an estim ated $27 million estate equally among three of six ch il­ dren. 
After th eir m arriag e, 
Garrison fell from the roof of their River Oaks home and received injuries that left him virtually an in­ valid 
Ben II. Schledier, attor­ ney for G arrison, had a r­ guta the divorce was never final and that Garrison, as the surviving spouse at the tim e of M rs. M ossler’s death in Miami, Fla., last 
October, has legal standing to contest the will. 

 moon, was reported in sa­ tisfactory condition Friday following triple bypass sur­ gery at the Texas Heart In­ stitute. 
“ Ile is still in in test vc care but is doing very well,” said a spokesman at 
St. Luke's Episcopal Ho­ spital. 

“ His condition is stable and there are no complica­ tions.” 
The spokesman said the surgery involved the re­ placement of three vein seg­ ments with veins removed from Irwin's legs. 
Module pilot 

Irwin was the lunar module pilot on the Apollo 
15 m ission of .July 26 to 
Aug. 7. 
1971. 
He and 
Astronaut David R Scott made the first use of a lun­ ar roving vehicle for m ovement about the moon's surface. Alfred M. 
Worden, tin* third member of the crew, continued iii lunar orbit aboard the command module as Scott and Irwin made their lunar explorations. 
Irwin, 46, now a resident of Colorado Springs, Colo., resigned from the astron­ aut corps on May 23. 1972 
A native of Pittsburgh. 
Pa., Irwin was a test pilot at Edwards Air Force Base. 
Calif., when he became an astronaut in Aped 1966 
Services are set for civic leader 

Funeral services for Mrs. 
Henry ll. Bryant, 236 VV. 
Summit Ave., will be at I p m. Saturday in Porter 
Loring Mortuary. 
Mrs. Bryant, daughter of the late Mr. and M rs. 
Walter C. Moore, died Fri­ day. 
She was a member of the 
First Presbyterian Church, past president of the Wo­ men of the Church, Junior 
League, P ro testan t C hil­ d re n s’ Home and Texas 
C hildrens Home Finding 
Society. 
Mrs. Bryant was an hon­ orary member of the Battle of Flowers Assn , the Laur­ el Heights Garden Club and mistress of the robes for 

 coronation for the Order of the Alantol 
She was a past president of 
T im ely 
T opics, a m em ber of the Fenwick 
Club, D aughters of the 
A m erican 
R evolution, 
Magna Charta Dames and 
National Society of Colonial 
Dames of America. 
Mrs. Bryant is survived by two daughters, Mrs. 
John M. Browning of San 
Antonio and Mrs. Donald 
Test of Dallas; a sister, 
Mrs. Douglas McGregor of 
El Paso; five gran d ch il­ d ren, and four g reat grandchildren. 
There will be a private burial in Mission Burial 
Park. 

 curred shortly before 3 a m. in front of a residence in the 
16o6 block of La Manda boulevard, police said. A resident of the home told officers a man was attem pt­ ing to tear off the screen door and enter shortly be­ fore the shooting. 
Riley was shot once in tin* chest. A large-caliber pistol was recovered at the scene, police reported. 
Charged with m urder is 
Cleo Gibbs, 42, of 1622 La 
Manda Boulevard. He was 

 released from Bexar Coun­ ty Jail after posting a $5,ooo bond set by Night Magis­ trate Manuel Lopez. 
Man charged 
In addition, an elderly man was charged following another morning shooting. 
The victim, Jerald Perry, 
33, of 35o2 Culebra Road, was listed in poor condition at Bexar County Hospital with m ultiple gunshot wounds. Police said he had been shot four times in the 

 face and chest. 
Witnesses told police the 
2:37 a m. shooting followed an argum ent between two men at a residence in the 
2oo block of G ladstone 
Avenue. Officers said a .22 caliber pistol was used in the incident. 
Charged with crim inal attempt to commit murder is John N orris, 62, of 222 
Gladstone Ave. He was re­ leased from Bexar County 
Jail after posting a $5,ooo bond set by Lopez. 

: tv- 
I 
ID ARTIST 

 ii 

THIS SUNDAY ONLY 

NOTHING OVER 
* 3 5 
(INCLUDING BEAUTIFUL SOFA SIZE RANTINGS) 

MOST UNDER 
* 2 o 
RNE ART FROM 
ALL OVER THI WORLD 
IDEAL FOR GIFTS 
SUNDAY 1o:oo A.M. - 5.oo P M 
FREE 

 r'fJx.'.' 

A-AJPaA w .AS) IAI A A A PIA ; RL'Mi IAI A A i AA 
(AT MARKET AND ALAMO STREETS) 

< 
M 
< 

MARKET ^ / 

O wk 

< 
£ 
CO 
< 
HEMISFAIR 

OC a . 
< 
PLAZA 

DURANGO 

SPONSORED BY THE UNDER FED ARTIST GROUP 

1938 N.I. 1ooP 41o, SUiTf 199, SAN ANTONIO, TEXAS 79217 

Ex-astronaut is hospitalized 

THE 

"EXCLUDING H IA M MATTKE**** 
' 
SLEEP SHOP 

6646 SAN PEDRO 
3951 FREDERICKSBURG RD. 
828-5444 
736-5878 

 n u 
D ELIV ER Y n u u t u p 

MRT A MOTA SERTA tntT A H IT A META H M A MITA M I A MBT* MRTA U T A N R U SIRIA 

§ ft. 
I 
|l 
P 
II 

Homecraft offers Woodstone home 

H o m e c r a f t o p e n e d th e 
A m e r i c a n a a s th e fir s t tw o-story m o d e l in W ood- ston e. T h e h o m e fe a tu r e s three bedroom s, in clu d in g an enorm ous m a ster suite, a n d a fo u r th b e d r o o m , which, of course, can be put to a n u m b e r of d iffe r e n t u s e s s u c h a s a s t u d y or p a r lo r . T h e p lan a ls o in ­ c l u d e s 1 12 b a t h s a n d a two-car garage. 

T he C alifornia, b oastin g a touch of Old Mexico, be­ lon gs to th e new h o u sin g s e r i e s 
H o m e c r a f t p r e ­ m iered last duly. F eatu ring tw o b e d r o o m s a n d tw o b a th s, its in g e n io u s floor p la n i n c lu d e s a m a s t e r su ite w ith a h u ge walk-in closet, a kitchen with a servin g bar to the fam ily / l iv i n g ro o m a n d s l i d i n g glass doors leading to a sun deck in the backyard. 

Home hunting this weekend will be high­ lighted by the two most recent furnished, de­ corated models for Ho­ m ecraft Corp. houses in Woodstone. 
As well. H om ecraft offers a series of affordable h o m e s th e m o d e ls r e p r e ­ s e n t in th e n o r t h e a s t e r n 
San A n to n io c o m m u n i t y n e a r 
N a c o g d o c h e s a n d 
.Judson Roads und north of 
N E. Loop 41o. 
1st two-story 
Appropriately nam ed the 
A m ericana and the Califor­ nia, the firm ’s most recent m odels in the area have at­ tracted m a n y v is ito r s , as have the new h o m e s in a s e r ie s w h ich in c lu d e s a ll­ m a s o n r y h o m e s p r ic e d from as low as $27,625. 

Northeastern S.A. area becom ing quite p o p u lar 

Three others 

The m ost recent m od els join three others by H om e­ craft in W oodstone, b ring­ ing tile firm 's total to five fully furnished, profession ­ ally decorated ex a m p les of a ffo rd a b le q u a lity in m o ­ dern hom es built especially for m odern fam ilies. 

WOODSTONE homes modeled by Homecraft Corp., largest builder and developer in the Bexar County area, have attracted visitors 

 c o m m u n i t y fall w ith in a 
H o m e c r a ft l a k e s g r e a t pride iii innovating a series of new hom es priced so low th at a s h a r p c o n t r a s t to p r ic e s of o th e r b u i l d e r s ’ hom es in the sa m e urea has been a c co m p lish ed . O ther hom es in this prestigious n o r th e a ste rn San A n tonio 

 p r ic e r a n g e s t a r t i n g ut about $4o,ooo. 

L u xu ry f e a tu r e s of H o­ m ecraft h o u ses are no e x ­ c e p t io n s in 
W o o d s t o n e , eith er. F our of the f ir m ’s m o d e ls sh o w in g th is w e e ­ 

 kend include appointm ents lik e w o o d b u r n in g f i r e ­ p l a c e s . b o x e d w in d o w s , wooden ca b in e ts, fine c a r ­ p e tin g . c o lo r -c o o r d in a te d wall coverin gs and all-elec­ tr ic k i t c h e n s w ith d i s h ­ w a s h e r s , d i s p o s e r s a n d 
M a g ic C h e f r a n g e s w ith 

 continuous-clean ovens. 

T h e h o m e s fin a n c e d by 
VA loans are offered with no c lo s in g c o s ts , a lso the ca se with conventional fin­ ancing. VA te r m s allow a m ove-in cost totalin g only 
$1 a s w e ll. C o n v e n t io n a l 

 b u y ers a lso can en joy a d ­ vantageous term s on m any bouses Homecraft offers in 
Woodstone. 
T he com m u n ity of Wood­ sto n e is e x c it in g . H o m e s are built on oversized lots w ith m a n y tr ee s. All lots front on paved streets with 

 c o n c r e t e c u r b s 
U n d e r ­ ground utility lines e lim in ­ a te u n s i g h t l y p o le s and w ir es that w ould m a r the natural beauty and serenity of the rolling terrain 

W oodstone, n ea r n u m e r ­ ous destination points and 

 w ith in th e h ig h ly r a te d 
North Fast School District, is reached m ost ea sily by exiting from N .E . Ill 115 to 
J u d so n R oad , p r o c e e d in g west toward N a c o g d o c h e s 
Road. Signs lead the way to tin* com m u n ity 's houses by 
Homecraft. 
J 

NEW HOMES 
TOWNHOMES 
APARTMENTS 
T he O d a 
T w in 
San Antonio EXPRESS-NEW S—-Saturday January 8 1977 
Page 
I-D 

COMMUNITIES 
FOR ALL KINDS 
OF LIFESTYLES 

% 

° LARGEST CLASSIFIED AND REAL ESTATE SECTION IN SOUTH TEXAS FOR MORE THAW IOO YEARS »'I---- 

CLASSIFIED D ISPLAY 
CLASSIFIED D I S P L A Y 
CLASSIFIED D ISPLAY 
CLASSIFIED D ISPLAY 

NEW HOME 
CLOSE-OUT 
Briarwick 

Energy 
Economizing 
Features 

1oo7. 
Masonry 

’ Basnd on a purchase 

 price of S31,65o financed at 7Vi% annually on a 3o yr. loan with N O down payment. 

$283* mo. 

3 bedroom , 2 bath, huge family area and a bright garden kitchen make this brand new energy- saving home ideal for the young family, 
14419 Briarbranch 

Discontinued 
Plans* 
. . . Prices never lower on brand new homes! 

Spark 
Your Life 

This 3 bedroom, 2 bath home features a large living area with fireplace pius lots more. 
The monthly payments are just $ 3 o 7 * 

14419 Briarknoli 

T Im m ediate closing, 

 available on certain 

 addresses on ly, VA. 

All the Extras 

For only $ 31o* a m onth, you can enjoy this luxurious 3 bed­ room, 2 bath home. 
A large family room with fireplace and an inside utility room are just a couple extras. 14423 Briarbranch 

•Ba d o r» a purchase price of $34,325. N O down paym ent, 36o equal m onthly pay­ 

 ments at 7 !4% V A financing, 

'Based on a purchase 

 price of $34,575, N O down paym ent, 36o 

 equal m onthly pay­ 

 ments at 7%% V A financing 
Move in now, first payment April 1977 

--------- 
L o o p 16o4 brtArwick 

_b>ou« 
/ 
*ri</ 

NO CITY TAXES 
NORTH EAST SCHOOLS 

• NO DOWN, VA 
• NO CLOSING COSTS 

L.41oJ 
T " 
Ti royal crest homes 
494-62o2 

 c l a m m e d d i s p l a y 
CLASSIFIED D ISPLAY 
CLASSIFIED D U P E A V 
CLASSIFIED D ISPLAY 
Camelot 
HAS IT ALU 

I Northeast Schools 
2. No City Taxes 
3. Minutes to Ft. Sam Houston and 
Randolph AFB 
4. Short drive to Windsor Park Mall 
5. Energy-saving features 
6. Built-in electric kitchen with rang! vent, dishwasher & disposer 
7. Patio & complete privacy tenci 
8. Easy access to expressways 
9. Recreational facilities nearby 
NL Masonry exterior 

NO DOWN & NO CLOSING COSTS, VA 
NO CITY TAXES 

 tut 

Cath {trice $39,1 CX) No down payment and no doting costs. VA mortgage $39,1oo. 36o equal monthly principal and interest pay ments of $286.17 for 3o years at 8% Annual 
Percentage Rate. 
Principal and interest 
$286 17 
Taxes (County. State, School) 
53.33 
(No!) City Taxes 
-o- insurance 
19.5o 
TOTAL MONTHLY PAYMENT 
$359 OO 

IMMEDIATE OCCUPANCY 

NO MONTHLY PAYMENTS ’TIL APRIL 

Furnished m odels open daily until 8 p.m. Take 
IH-35 to th e W a l z e m exit, d r i v e e a s t on 
W alzem and follow the signs. 
Ph. 655-4123 
Ray Ellison Homes 

San Antonio EX P R ESS-N EW S— 
Saturday January 8 1977 
Braun Station East presents new series 

A “ first” for modern housing in the San An­ tonio area will be fea­ tured this weekend by 
La Mansion Homes in 
Braun Station East. 
The long-established, re­ putable building firm will present the first "Energy 
Efficient Homes” in Bexar 
County as its five houses await the personal inspec­ tion of home hunters who are shopping for a resi­ dence that lets them enjoy the luxuries of a quality home and, at the same time, not have to worry about overusing utilities! 
‘Answer’ 
La Mansion Homes has provided the best possible answer to their desires and needs. The "Energy E ffi­ cient Home” has it all for them this weekend, and what’s most surprising, perhaps, is that La Mansion 
Homes itself has not named this innovative, economical and even affordable series of housing. 
The term "Energy Effi­ cient Hom e" is given to these Braun Station East homes by Owens-Coming, the firm that personally in­ spected each of the five 

 featured this weekend be­ fore the sign identifying them as "E n e rg y E ffi­ cient” could be shown in the front yards. 
They are named appro­ priately and priced affordably. This weekend, only La Mansion Homes 
Inc., with houses expertly built by veterans VV. J. 
McCarthy Jr. & Son, has them ready for showing. 
Outstanding energy-sav­ ing features in La Man­ sion’s new series include 
Fiberglas insulation rated 
R-26 in ceilings and K l3 in walls, both with vapor bar­ riers; insulated doors with special seals to reduce air 

VICTOR F. BUTSCHEK 

 infiltration; windows with caulking and sealing at various critical locations to reduce air infiltration; thermostatically controlled power vents in attics; cen­ tral air conditioning and heating not oversized and engineered on the job for each house; and strategic location of wincows. There is no plumbing inside the was; all insulation is solid! 

Even more construction items which result in en­ ergy savings for residents can be explained this wee­ kend in Braun Station East. 
All five homes are along 
Wickersham in the north­ western 
Bexar County community off Bandera 
Road north of N.W. Loop 
4 IO. 
La Mansion, of course, is well aware that today’s home hunters are looking for more than energy-sav­ ing features. That’s why these homes fully measure up to the standards the custom building firm set in other recent San Antonio neighborhoods. 
Handsomely rugged ex­ teriors of IOO per cent ma­ sonry with trim, planting areas, partitions for plant­ ing areas and various styles 

 can be seen among these five homes alone. 
Inside can be seen excit­ ing, comfortable floor plans of three or four bedrooms and two baths. Color-coor­ dinated kitchen with lu­ minous lighting, countertop range, built-in oven, vented hood, disposer and dish­ washer is standard. All cooking facilities wear the dependable Magic Chef brand name except one, the big bonus: a Litton M i­ crowave Oven! 
Other luxury features in­ clude a woodburning, all­ brick fireplace in a living room, carpeting through­ out, beamed cathedral ceiling, spacious master suite, baths with Venitian marble vanities of one piece and large two-car garages. 
Consider the outstanding 
Energy Efficient features as well as the luxury items so desirable and it means homes definitely for the fu­ ture which are available 

ARAUN STATION EAST is where ‘Energy Efficient Hom es’ are being introduced 

Victor Butschek named 
Homecraft division head 

Victor P. Butschek 
J r . has been named president of the 
Schertz-Austin 
Di­ vision of H om ecraft 
Corp., the largest home builder and de­ veloper in San Antonio. 
The newly formed 
Schertz-Austin Division consists of six major sin­ gle-family residential com­ munities located in Austin, 
.Schertz and Round Rock. 
The developments include 
Northeliffe Country Club 
Estates, Northeliffe and 
Northeliffe East — totaling 
#o5 acres with an 18-hole championship golf course. 
The three communities 

 sold in excess of $1 million of new homes on opening d a y last October. In addi­ tion, three communities are located in metropolitan 
Austin: Mesa Village, a 
I H3-lot development in 
Round Rock; Forest Bend, a 274-lot community now under construction in southeastern Austin; and 
Southwest Park, a 218-lot community in southwestern 
Austin. 
Prior to coming with 
Homecraft Corp in Ja n ­ uary. 1976 as a vice Dresi- dent of Land Development, 
Butschek owned and oper­ ated Advance Real Estate, 
Advance Homes and Ad­ vance Insurance. 

Homecraft Corp. is the 

 largest privately owned home building and land de­ veloping firm in the nation. 
It has major single-family residential communities in ll Texas cities, including 
Houston, San Antonio, Aus­ tin. Schertz, Brownsville, 
McAllen. Mission. La Fer­ ia, Beaumont and Round 
Rock Homecraft is also the largest builder in Louisian­ an with several commun­ ities in metropolitan New 
Orleans. 

The company’s outstand­ ing housing record includes the sale of more than 2,3oo single-family and/or patio homes in 29 communities over the past three years for revenues exceeding $87 million. 

 today. The very reasonable price range starts as low as 
$45,ooo! 

There is no better setting for these new homes than 
Braun Station East, where two tennis courts are being added to the recreational facilities of the club which already features a swim­ ming pool pavilion, a com­ petition-sized pool and a privacy fence enclosing the facilities within walking distance of these homes. 

Braun Station East is also near numerous points of destination, including em- ciASityuD p im A T 

 ployment centers like UT- 
SA, USAA, South Texas 
Medical Center and the 
Methodist and Veterans 
Administration hospitals. 
Even Lackland and Kelly 
AFBs are just a short drive away. Major shopping faci­ lities are nearby in subur­ ban Leon Valley and along 
N AV. Loop 41o. 

The area is reached most easily by exiting from NAV. 
Loop 
41o onto 
Bandera 
Road and proceeding north of Leon Valley. Large signs mark the entrance to the community at Braun Road. 
-ZOBBfia h ifU i 

UMKtmcD d i s k a t 

Quality Homes in a Country 
Community 
From 

*55,ooo 
651-6237 

LAbSHAW • MILLER 
Development Co., Inc. 

Petroleum 
Commerce 
Building 

OFFICE 
SPACE 

Adjacent to the San Antonio River 
STREET FLOOR OFFICES A N D UPSTAIRS OFFICES AVAILABLE 
2o1 N. ST. M A R Y ’S ST. 

• LOCATION — One Half block from San Antonio's 1oo% corner location — 
Houston St. and North St. Mary’s St. Surrounded and boarded on two sides by the picturesque and gorgeously landscaped San Antonio River. 

• FREE PA R K IN G — The most desirable parking arrangement existing in San An­ tonio. Attached parking garage provides free parking whereby tenants park own cars in specifically assigned parking spaces and walk directly into building from floor where car is located. 

• RENTAL RATES — Very reasonable. 

• OFFICE A N D C O RR ID O R S — Plush modem offices built to tenant's spe­ cifications. Building has been cited nationally for unusual and uniquely designed office entrances. Corridors have been newly remodeled including all carpeted hallways. 

• FEATURES OR SU R R O U N D IN G AREA — Providing quick access to new restaurants along the river. Building located on Riverwalk Across street from new 
La Mansion Hotel. 
In hub of dow ntow n shopping and restaurant district. 

SKYLOUNGE skyline 
Offers Coffee Shop Food facilities with view of San Antonio 

FOR FURTHER INFORMATION: 

PHONE: CARL M . STEPHAN c /o CARL’S 
221 East Houston Street 
PHONE: 226-62o1 

 cukssimo d i s p l a y 
C L A S S I F I C DISPLA Y 
CLAM IPW D D ISM A Y 

Number One in Energy Efficiency 

A Solution to the problem of rising fuel costs in housing 
'N 

ENERGY 
EFFICIENT 
HOME 

A solution to the problem of rising fuel costs in housing. 

Central air conditioning and heating engineered on the job for each house 
— not oversized. 

Cross 
Ventilation 

When you see this sign dis­ 

 played in front of one of our 

 homes, it means we meet the 

 standards set by Owens /Corn­ 

 ing as on 

“energy” 

 efficient home. 

O W E N S/C O R N I N C 
FIBERGLAS 

There is no plumbing in the exterior walls; all insulation is solid. 

Fiberglas insulation rated R-26 in ceilings and R-1 3 in walls, both with vapor barriers. 

Insulated Steel 
Entry Systems 

• 
Full I VV' moi break 

Exclusive .or rte? Leo Ii 

Triple se* ii bottom w -ath e ' strip 

Thermo! breck veal 

CB LITTON 
Microwave Cooking 
% 

M M ? CHEE 

All cooking facilities wear 

 the dependable M agic Chef 

 brand name except one, 

 big bonus: 
A 
Litton 

Microwave oven standard 

 in all homes. 

These Five Homes ranging from $46,ooo to $52,ooo will be available for in­ spection this weekend from 
1o am till dark on W ick­ ersham in 
Braun 
Station 
East. 
6 84-3333 
-3814 
La Mansion Homes, Inc! 
•W.J. McCarthy Jr. & Sons Inc. 

Real peace of mind underlies ‘Freedom’ 

San Antonio EX PR ESS- N EW S— Saturday Jan u ary 8 1977 

New Year’s resolu­ tions 
‘ you made probably'are to benefit 

 yourself or others close promises are made to help to you 
>»u enjoy peace of mind 
’hroughout the new year. 
Many of these self-made 
One sure way to have that 

CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 
CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 
CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 

EASY TO GET TO ... EASY TO LIVE IN. 

—— - 
■ 
. . . . 
. I , t . t , l f l f F I TT l l H I » » I.l.T.V ■» » l .M « ■ » 

FP* 
P l A A* X X 
VMI 
■ a A • 
I A 
I 
?> 

$ 3 3 ,o o o to $ 4 o ,o o o 
8 % V A - FHA 
Conventional 
Loans A v a ila b le 

...the kind of community people stay in. 

V / 
V* rn ™ UN WORMED EITATCS 

 it m fc | ~ 
£ 
LACKLAND AHO 

 irmmm 
I 
- 
. 

• 3 & 4 bedroom homes • Frigidaire appliances 

• Friedrich central heat & air 

• Finished 2 car garages 

...and much, much more 

Sates OH 

684 1386 

6oo? Morning Star 

Open IO Til Dark All Week long 

IXClUSIVf IY MAHMUD BY 
WAIT CORNELIUS 
44 I 2 RUDM AN RD. 
OEF.: 828 6343 
RES.: 655-264o 

 sought-after peace of mind is to live in a comfortable home you've bought as both a desirable residence and a sound investment of value that can only increase throughout the new year. It also lets you enjoy numer­ ous tax advantages the fol­ lowing year. 

It's a sure way. all right. 
In fact, it’s “ freedom from rent.’’ 
Freedom Homes by Mor-„ ton / Southwest comprise a series of houses for couples or young families looking for just that! 
Morton / Southwest has drawn designs from ingen­ ious floor plans which have revolutionized the/market for new homes by making them more affordable and more useful square foot by square foot. Traffic pat- 
I terns arc ideal. 
In this way, those who have had to rent actually sacrifice nothing whatso­ ever when they buy and move into a new Freedom 

 ll 

RRfiHlinii 

FREEDOM HOMES by M orton/Southw est feature frill most fam ilies want today 

IF PEACE OF MIND IS YOUR 
NEW YEAR'S RESOLUTION DON'T 
LOSE IT TO YOUR LANDLORD... 

BANK IT! 

 w 
. 

 with a FREEDOM FIVE 

 by M O RTO N/SO U TH W EST 

 ifl/k patio 

 r * 
Jwwr' 
1 <g- 
( to 

Included in the price of your new Freedom Home is thick shag carpeting in the M aster suite, living room, and hallways; wood-burning fireplaces (in most designs); pantries in every kitchen and much much more and thanks to 
E.S.P. 
(M orton/Southw est* exclusive 
Energy 
Saving 
Package) you’ll save money on utility bills as you enjoy all the comforts of efficient Friedrich central heat & air. 
□ MORE Living Space 
□ MORE Value 
□ LESS Energy Cost 

Arm strong 

 flooring 

NO PAYMENT 
’TIL APRIL 

8 % V A FIN A N C IN G 
NOTHING D O W N V A 
FHA & CO N VEN TIO N AL 
FINANCING AVAILABLE 

 tam kit 

 bl 

 mbr 

 gar 

I— 
I— r r ? 

4 cvi j 
• 

 br 3 

 bv 

$ porchLl ”735 

£ R LEED O M 

PlfF . 
*29,975 
VALLEY FOEGE 
655-5931 
3 CIMARRON £ 
658-4793 
LAKESIDE 
648-3491 

Freedom Homes ore in 
Valley Forge, Lakeside, and 
Cimmarron. These ore great 
Morton/Southwest neighborhoods strategically located and professionally planned so that your home is most likely to appreciate in value. Quiet environments, close to where you work and shop, and each is in a quality school district. 

MODELS OPEN 
DAILY ‘TIL DUSK 

‘ Prices of homes may vary according to neighborhood and location. 
By Morton/Southwest 

W rit*: P.O. S o x I 8 4 2 8 
Son Antonio, T e xas 7 8 2 8 6 

Home by Morton / South­ west. In fact, they gain all they’ve ever wanted! 
Freedom Homes feature the frill modern families have come to expect in a new- home. This, indeed, is just one of the many rea­ sons Freedom Homes have become so popular since their introduction in San 
Antonio. 
Their three- and four-bed­ room plans include two complete baths and other items generally sought by home buyers today. All this 

 is figured into an attracti­ vely affordable' package in a price range starting as low as $27,ooo. 
Pantry kitchens feature the right kind of appliances to lessen the workload for today’s homemaker. Dish­ washers, disposers, ranges with hoods and abundant cabinetry are provided among Freedom Homes, and appliances wear the reliable Magic Chef brand name. 
Other extras Morton / 
Southwest has made avail­ 

 able in the 
Freedom 
Homes scries are wall-to- wall closets with storage space extending all the way to the ceiling and sliding doors of panel designs, fin­ ished two-ear garages, uti­ lity and work areas, patios led to by sliding glass doors, clever blends of ma­ sonry and wood for striking exteriors, carpeting of the buyers’ choice of colors, efficient Friedrich central air and heat systems and, in most, fireplaces. 
Freedom Homes are lea- 
Units at Antonian boast French styles 

Want to move to a quiet spot where you will have lots of room? 
Antonian 
Apartments answer this question best, and, despite the unusual quiet, the location is convenient, too. 
Roomiest 
The units in this complex are some of the biggest and roomiest in northwestern 
San Antonio. 
The one-bedroom, one- bath apartments are a spa­ cious 1,o27 sq. ft ; the two- bedroom, one-bath mea­ sures 1.185 sq. ft.; and the two-bedroom, two-bath apartments are 1,235 sq. ft. 
Antonian is a relaxing place to live, set hack as it is from the street on Fre­ dericksburg Road. Traffic noise is unnoticed. Resi­ dents like its location be­ cause it is convenient to 
USAA and the South Texas 
Medical Center. City bus service is available. 
At Antonian, there are 
225 apartment units. 
Big walk-in closets pro­ vide wonderful storage space at Antonian. 
Antonian 
Apartments were built by Dwight Lieb. 
Owner is Life Investors. 

Plywood 

About 18o million sq. ft. of softwood plywood is ex- * pected to be used in 197H in the construction of mobile, homes. 

CULM IF ItP DISPLAY 
CLASSI*IID D ISPLAY 

 lured iii Lakeside, Valley 
Forge and Cimarron. They are modeled in each area. 
Valley Forge, where se­ veral models of Freedom 
Homes are showing, is inst west of N .E. III 35 off 
O’Connor Road and east of 
Nacogdoches Road. This 
Morton / Southwest deve­ lopment has its own swim club, tennis courts and ho­ meowners association 
Cimarron is cast of N F. 
Ill 35, south of N.K. FM 
I HIM and east of Kitty Hawk 
Drive. Residents here have access to a swimming pool, 
Scout hut and playground, all nearby. 
Lakeside, south of S F. 
Loop HU and off U.S. Hwy. 
87. is outside any city li­ mits. This community jives up to its name by yielding a beautiful lake for fishing and boating, a community park area by it, tennis courts and swimming pool. 

C IA M IF IID D ISK A V 

C LA M O H D DISPLAY 

The Antonian, with beautiful French architecture, quiet friendly atmosphere and lovely courtyards. Furnished Ef­ ficiency Apartments from $145, with a plush party room and three pools. Excellent location, convenient to shop­ ping areas. Come visit us this weekend. 
_ The 
C atonian 
3 9 IW F re d e rick h liu rg Hoa«l 

P h on e 732*‘>61 I 

 l o * Iii 

** 

 t i 

 a* \ ft \ 
% 
V , 

I 
IMI 

J * 

Lr***" v<| 

MMU 

‘ 
Y f , 
I 

G I U K IN VIS TOFtS 

TWIN CHEEK! 

Northwest San Antonio’s First Community 

 i 
o 
I 
• 

CONTACT OUR SA LIS 

CONSULTANT FOR DETAILS 
7 

J omc, to.. 

CHEEK®. 

 by 

Open Daily 9-9 
6 8 1 - 1 1 1 1 

Sen Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Saturday January 8 1977General Development opens new office in S.A. 

I, . V V v 
- 
V. 

CAMELOT com m unity features choice location 

Cam elot’s location makes it ‘fop area 

It’s often been said that Ray Ellison’s Ca­ melot offers something for everyone. Indeed, few neighborhoods can come closer than Ca­ m elot to fitting that description. 
Located in San Antonio’s desirable northeastern a r­ ea, Camelot is situated midway between Fort Sam 
Houston and Randolph 
AFB, m aking the neigh­ borhood the ideal choice for military families. 
Shopping areas 
The beautiful new Wind­ sor Park Mall is just min­ utes away. This gigantic shopping complex and other smaller shopping ar­ eas nearby put nearly every kind of store and serv ice a short drive away. 

Easy access to N E. Loop 
41ft and 
N.E. 
Ill 
35 expressways provides con­ venient routes to other 
North Side and downtown shopping and business dis­ tricts. 
Preferred school districts serve the Camelot area. 
Recreational facilities and churches nearby provide important centers of family activities within the imme­ diate area. 
Ray Ellison’s new homes in Camelot also provide joyful family living. Con­ venience is everyw here. 
Every home features a built-in electric kitchen with range, vent, d ish ­ washer and garbage dis­ poser. 
Central heat and air conditioning provide com­ fort the year around. And energy-saving features help save you money on utility 

 coats. 
Many decorator touches are available, including woodburning fireplaces, cathedral ceilings and high quality Armstrong floor co­ verings and carpeting. 
The homes are finished in beautiful brick and native stone, com plem ented by outdoor patios, professional landscaping and fencing. 
A wide variety of prices is available in Camelot, with new homes starting in the high 2os. No city taxes means lower monthy pay­ ments, and, if you buy now , there are no monthly pay­ ments until April. 
Drive out to Camelot to­ day. Take N E. IH 35 to the 
Walzem Road exit, drive east on Walzem and follow the signs to the furnished models open dailv until 8 p.m. at 823ft New World Dr. 

General 
D evelop­ ment Corp., the lead­ ing com m unity de­ veloper in Florida and one of the nation’s lar­ gest, has opened re­ gional offices in San 
Antonio at 41o Place. 
Ted Weiss is the regional m anager at the office, 
Babcock Road and N.W. 
Loop 41ft. 
Homesites 

The corporation offers homesites now, or later, for retirem ent. Its prim e in­ terest is military families and, because of this, has its regional office in San An­ tonio, with its Army and 
Air Force installations, and maintains branch offices at two other military-oriented cities, El Paso and Killeen. 

In addition to offering homesites, General Deve­ lopment designs and builds homes with more than 3o styles, ranging in price from under $17,OOO to more than $9o,OOO. 

“ Our sales offices arc a part of the local business community, and we hire local people,” Weiss stated. 

Weiss noted that General 
Development is one of the nation’s oldest, largest and respected community de­ velopers and is regarded as an industry leader in meet­ ing its environmental obli­ gations. 

In Florida, General De­ velopment has developed seven communities that to­ tal 235,ooo acres — more than 38o square miles — and has spent more than 
$ I Oft million on environ­ mental preservation, land developm ent and w ater, gas and sanitation systems. 

The M iam i-based firm owns and operates six 

CLASSIFIED W W L A V 

18-hole championship golf courses, with a seventh under construction; two m ajor hotels; and other commercial enterprises in its communities. Its major 
Florida com m unities are 
Port Charlotte, Port Mala­ 

 bar, Port LaBelle and Port 
St. Lucie. 
General Development is a public corporation with some 1o,ooo stockholders owning approxim ately 
9,2oo,ofto shares, which are traded on the New York 

Stock Exchange, as well as the Midwest, Pacific Coast and Toronto Stock E x­ changes. 
Its board of directors in­ cludes a number of nation­ ally known business leaders. Until his recent 
C LA SSI WD DISPLAY 
CLASSIFIED D ISPLAY 

 death, Charles H. Kellstadt. former board chairman ol 
Sears, Roebuck and Co., chaired General Develop­ m e n t’s executive com ­ mittee. 
Weiss said, “We have the 
‘know-how’ and ‘can-do.’” 

CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 

REESE HENRY 
BOB JONES 
SEYMOUR DREYFUS 
S.A. Realtors win leading posts 

San Antonio Realtors will hold positions of leadership in the Tex­ as Association of Real­ 

 tors and the National 
Association of Realtors this year. 
Reese Henry will be in- 

CLASSIFKD DISPLAY 
CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 

REAL ESTATE LICENSE 

January 1977 San Antonio Schedule 
Basic 
Basic 
Principles 
Basic 
Practice 
Management 
Basic 
Principles 
Principles 

Jan. 3-18 
Jan. 3- 7 
Jan.1o-14 
Jon. 15-23 
Jon. 17-21 
Jan. 22-3o 
Jan. 24 28 
Jan. 29-Feb. 6 
Jan. 31-Feb. 4 

8 Night 
5 Doy 
5 Day 
Weekend 
S Days 
Weekend 
5 Days 
Weekend 
5 Days 
For Free Catalog Call 736-2o75 
American College 

J H I I LM tf . SLM FMUMHI M IL S JI? 1I ’ (SI?) .’ J* ?|J* 

 stalled as 1977 president of 
TAR at its mid-winter in­ stallation m eetings Jan. 
16-19 in Austin. 
Director 
Also to be installed at the 
TAR Installation Luncheon 
Jan. 19 will be Seymour 
Dreyfus, a new member of the state board of directors. 
At the sam e luncheon held at the Driskill Hotel, retiring m em bers of the 
'PAR Board will be recog­ nized. Among these is 
Mazle Sale Hill. 
Approved as a new direc­ tor of the National Associa­ tion of R ealtors at its convention in Houston was 
Bob Jones. Already pn the 
NAB board are San Antonio 
Realtors Guy Chipman Jr. and Henry’. 
Henry, Dreyfus, Jones, 
Chipman and Mrs. Hill are all past presidents of the 
San 
Antonio Board of 
Realtors. 

CLAH!# WD DI SPLAY 

UPPER 
HW* MMP yyjy 
~ J 
— 
—*~W» 
MW 
M 
Ka c ^ ^ r V T ran 

Dining 

.^1 

It’s Your Life 
Live it up, or downstairs, or both. 

We have one bedroom studios and flats designed to make it easy for you to live just the way you like. Our glamorous studios feature a living area downstairs with a woodburning fireplace for chilly nights, and a loft bedroom overlooking all. The flats give equal importance to living and sleeping rooms, plus a separate dining room and a large walk-ln closet. 
Whichever you choose, you'll enjoy the unique Woodbin lifestyle — a way to get away without leaving home. There’s lots of fresh a ir. . . quiet nights, three pools, tennis courts, and two clubhouses 
Plus.W oodhili’s location makes it easily accessible to almost anywhere: it s only one minute from 1-1o, three to neighborhood shopping at Colonies 
North, five to malts like 
Northstar, and 3o from 
Medina and Canyon takes. 

H ilt $19o 
$ 235. Ail 

•■ tm m n w im i w«TI Hold your 

Open til dusk 

 l o w t x 
W O O D H i U apartm ents 
49o9 Woodstone Drive. 69o-17oo 

Just Completed 

NEW HOMES 
3-4-5-BEDROOMS 
ONE AND TWO STORY 
*58,9oo to *77,9oo 

BLOSSOM 
• "HILLS 

 v-vW 
A f * . 

N E W G A R D E N HOMES 
ONE & TR O STORY SOME 
W ITH W ET BARS 
$46,9oo to $52,9oo 
(NO MONTHLY ASSESSMENT) 

XI 
S V W 
; . * W p , u . 

YOU GET A BEAUTIFUL, PRIVATELY WALLED HOME 
THAT MAKES THE MOST OF YOUR LAND AND WASTES 
THE LEAST OF YOUR DOLLAR. 

S T A N D A R D FEATURES: 
• Luxury and Privacy • Fireplaces and Wet 

OPEN 
SAT SUN. 
1o:oo TIL DUSK 

Bars • Energy-saring m aterials e Superb 
A CJA. ^ 9 Q *7 *7 
Northeast Schools e Convenient Shopping • y 4 4 

T h o and three bedrooms. 
SSO.M 

IS SCHAEFER 
IHE OHLY HHILHER 
IH LAKESIBE? 

N 

 o. But he’s the one you want to talk to. You may 

 not have known it. But there arc two builders in Lake­ side. Schaefer is the one who puts the most quality into his houses. 
And who’s planning to keep the com munity a viable part of San 
Antonio for a long, long time. 
The only problem is, if you want to see a Schaefer home in 
Lakeside, you may have to look a little harder. W e’re going to tell you why it’s worth your while. 

Schaefer builds better homes. 
When we build a Schaefer home, we do a lot of little things that you can’t see after the house is finished. 
For example, we use solid copper wire instead of aluminum. We engineer our foundations to con­ form to the soil conditions you find in Lakeside. 

And we do other things that don’t just work better. They look better. Every Schaefer home in 
Lakeside has its own privacy fence. 
Our bathroom tile is ceram ic, and laid entirely by hand. And our cabinets are furniture-finished oak. 
Atter all, you learn a lot about what people want from a home when you’ve been building them for 2o years. 

W 

 hat about energy efficiency? When you buy a Schaefer home in Lake­ side, you can be sure your heating and cooling bills w on’t eat you alive. Because we design the air conditioning system that goes in your home especially for your home. We add extra attic ventila­ tion. And we place windows where they’ll do the most good and the least harm. 

Is Schaefer the only builder in 
Lakeside? No. But we think there’s just one builder you’ll be interested in. That’s Schaefer. Lakeside. 
Homes from $3o.CKX). 648-1221 

Building Homes You’ll Want 
To Come Home To. 

 i 
I t 

B R IA R W IC K , a Royal 
Crest area betw een 
Bulverde and 
Stahl 
Roads north of Loop 
41o, will show “ Energy 
Economizers" this wee­ kend. 

San Antonio EXPRESS-N EW S— Saturday January 8 1977 

Mortgage loan terms explained 

I 

PIAN #231 

1 3 4 1 8 
Lacewood 
LANDSCAPED CORNER 

Beautiful new home in Woodstone on landscaped corner lot. 3 /2 /2 all brick. Deluxe electric kitchen. Other features include central heat and air. Tremendous value at only $34,95o. In Northeast San Antonio location.' ctiOMFCRArb a t 
'■ m 
& iiim a ® 

OUR MOST AFFORDABLE HOMES 
MEAN TOP QUALITY FOR YOUR MONEY! 

★ 1oo% BRICK HOMES WITH HANDCRAFTED 
INTERIORS. 

+ ENERGY SAVING 
SNUG HOME ' WITH 
EXTRA 
INSULATION. SOUR GREY WINDOWS. ETC. 

★ LARGE LOTS WITH TREES' 

 it 
SWIM CLUB & COMMUNITY SCHOOL (UNDER 
CONSTRUCTION) 
656-5474 OPEN DAILY 9-9 

V ¥ * v * r V ¥ 

:k 
:»-.v p l : 3 
: l . : r : J 
' • I • TTT « * * k 

ENJOY the excitem ent of com fortable family rooms. 

DELIGHT in the coziness of brick or rock fireplaces. 

 fniinniinmmfmniintinnjimnnf 

RELISH the satisfaction of precision cabinetry. 
SHARE the intim acy of a revolutionary insulation system. 

The critics are raving! Fantastic! Sensational! Delightful! A real work of art! 
The consensus is the same all over town - Oak Hollow Estates continues to be the best new home buy in San Antonio today. 
The public has asked for it and Sitterle & Companies has delivered a home value package that can’t be beat! 

For a personal viewing of the 
Oak Hollow Estates story drive out San Pedro to Brookhollow to fabulous Oak Hollow 

Estates. . . marketed exclusively by Oeame Owens Co.. Realtors. 
Call 494-6842 or 349-5115 

By RAY RAGSDELL pat SID* NT SA 
BOARD O f REALTORS 
Home financing through the mortgage is a complex subject almost all home buyers, sooner or later, come to grips with. 
Lot’s (leal with some of tho terminology associated with mortgages l>eoaiise tho language of lending of­ ten proves confusing for most people who do not di al with financing profession­ ally. 
Brief glossary 
What follows is a brief glossary of terms 
CLOSING — Completion of the real estate transac­ tion It includes such things as the signing of notes, de­ livery of deed, disburse­ ment of money connected with the sale as well as other financial adjust­ ments. 
CLOSING COSTS - Costs paid at the closing by the borrower, ordinarily in­ cluding such things as the origination fee, title insur­ ance, survey, escrow pay­ ments, attorney's fees and taxes 
COMMITMENT 
- 
Agreement to make a loan subject to conditions 

CONVENTIONAL LOAN 
— Most common mortgage loan. It is a loan that us not insured by the KHA Nor it is guaranteed by the VA 

ES( ROW PAYMENT - 
That part of the monthly mortgage payment held iii trust to pay for such things as taxes, mortgage insur­ ance and hazard insurance 
FEDERAL 
HOLSING 
ADMINISTRATION (FUA) 
— The agency of the federal government that insures mortgages meeting KHA standards and conditions 
EEE SIMPLE - Abso­ lute and unconditional sta­ tus of property ownership 
G. 
1. 
LOAN 
- 
A m ortgage loan that is guaranteed by the Veterans 
Administration. 
HAZARD INSURANCE 
— Insurance purchased to protect property against fire. wind and other ha­ zards. 
HOME 
MORTGAGE 
ULAN — A long-term loan pledging tin* pro|x*rty pur­ chased as security. There are three principal kinds. 
Loans insured by the FUA. 
Loans guaranteed by the 
VA and conventional loans. 
MEN — A legal claim held on property as security against a debt. 
MORTGAGE DISCOUNT 
— Also known as points, loan brokerage fee, or new loan fee These are equa­ lizers in the mortgage field to make a loan more at­ tractive to the lender One point equals one j>er cent til the mortgage amount. It is roughly equivalent to Lh of one per cent in terms of in­ terest yield For example, in order to get a lender to back an 8 per ('cut VA or 

FU A loan when the market rate is 8:U» per cent, the yield on the loan must be increase :Vj of one per cent bv a cash payment That added cash payment is known as a mortgage dis­ count. Federal law prohi­ bits charging points to 
FH A /VA borrowers. How­ ever, lenders are allowed to charge a one jut cent ori­ gination fee, 
NOTE 
— 
IVocumeiit which acknowl«>dges a debt' and promises to pav it 
ORIGINATION FEE - A fee paid to the lender for costs involved in taking a mortgage 
PREPAYMENT 
CLAUSE — Clause permit ting a borrower to repay a portion, or the remainder, of a loan before its final due date Sometimes a penalty must Im* paid if this right is exercised. 
QUITCLAIM DEED - \ deed in which the person granting it relinquishes any interest he has iii a proper­ ty at that time. 
SEARCHING THE TI 
TLF — Or title search An investigation to determine if a seller has .ill rights lo the property he is selling and to find out it there are any liens or claims against it. 
TITLE — A document iii dioat mg evidence of owner ship 
. TITLE INSURANCE — 
Itisurancc protecting the insured from any defects In a title. It also guarantees the work of a title company. 

M W J M 4A1 
M ‘ia h < rk l 
M * 

 rat* 
JUDY BAILLARGEON 
JOHN HOLLIFIELD 
SHIRLEY SKIPWORTH 
Rosow, Kline firm adds 3 associates 

Thrw real estate as­ sociates have been ad­ ded to the residential sales staff of Rosow & 
Kline, Realtors. 
This announcement was made recently by L a rry 
Rosow and Marvin Kline, who co-own the San Antonio commerical and residential real estate firm. 
Backgrounds 
Sh irley skipw orih is based at Rosow & Kline’s 
6836 San Pedro Ave. office. 
Fo rm erly from Austin, 
Mrs Skipworth has lived in 
San Antonio since 1o51. 
Prior to real estate sales, she held secretarial and sales positions for several firms. A former University of Texas student, she is m arried to Sam E . Skip- worth and has three ch il­ dren. 
An Illinois native, Judy 
Baillargeon has a Bachelor of Arts degree from Mary­ ville College in St. Louis. 
Mo. A San Antonian for three years, Mrs. B a illa r­ geon ts at Rosow & Kline's 
5228 Fredericksburg Rd office. She is a member of the U n iversity of Texas 
Health and Science Center 
W ives Club, the Bexar 
County Medical Auxiliary and the Oak Hills Terrace 
1*TA. She and her husband have two sons. 

John 
H o llifield , also working out of Rosow & 
Kline’s 6836 San Pedro Ave. location, received a Bache­ lor of Arts degree from 
W estern Kentucky State 
University. He served in 

 the Army Mt'dical Corps in sura nee field. Ile and his 
Vietnam Hollifield bas had villi*, Sue, have three chil- wide experience in the in- Aren. 

C lA B M f IID OI W I AT 
C LA iM f HO B l W IA V 

 c i A m m o pi W IA f 

RENT? 

YOU SAY THERE IS NO SUCH THING? 

 lf we could show those of you that rent, how many people are able to live in a larger, m ore com fortable home for free — w ould you be interested? Find out for yourself how they are able to do just this! Take a few m inutes of your tim e and sit down w ith one of our staff and learn how new home ow ner­ ship may benefit you. W ith the use of tax sa v in g s , a p p re c ia tio n , in c re a s e d h o u s in g costs and inflation, we can show you how. many people are losing money by paying rent. 
See for yourself how other people use bor­ r o w e d m o n e y t o m a k e m o n e y . E n o u g h money that it is possible for many of them to live rent free Or at least w ith a substan­ tial savings. 
Come out today and see how other people do this — then check w ith your personal financial advisor to see how home ow ner­ ship may benefit you. 

THE PATIO HOMES OF ROYAL RIDGE 

Drive out IH 35 north from loop 41o exit right on o Connor, go three blocks, and turn right on Royal Ridge Dr Follow Model 
Home signs to Furnished Models 

WINDCREST DEVELOPMENT CORP. 
655-2386 
Open Daily 1o a rn 6 p in. 

EL MADRID 
APARTMENTS 

A vailable N ow — All Bills Paid! 

I Bedroom 
$18o 

I Bedroom W ith Fireplace 
$19o 

2 Bedroom 2 Bath w /Fireplace 
$235 

2 Bedroom 2 Bath w /Fireplace 
$23o 

Office Hours 
Weekdays — 9 to S 
Sunday — I to 5 
Superb location 
Quiet, friendly atmosphere 
696-2846 
6111 Vance Jackson 

San Antonio E X P R E S S -N E W S — 
Saturday January 8 I 9 7 7 
How to stake, guy newly planted trees 

By TERRY WILBOURN 

COU NTY EXTENSION HORTICULTURIST 
Staking or guying newly planted trees is a common landscape practice; however, not all transplanted trees need to be staked. 
Many young tree s will stand alone while o th ers won’t grow upright or stand ag ain st the wind without some type of support. 
Limit support 
A young tree will develop roots and branches better able to resist the wind if it is supported only enough to hold the trunk upright. Ex­ cessive staking, however, is harmful to young trees. 
The reasons for staking or guying trees are to give 

 protection, to anchor the trees, and to support them. 
Unnecessary staking is ex­ pensive, detracts from the la n d sca p e, and re q u ire s m ore m aintenance. U nsa­ tisfactory methods of sup­ port may weaken, deform or injure the trunk. 
P ro te c tio n of newly planted tree s from lawn mowers, vehicles and van­ dals is one reason for stak­ ing. Trees, that can stand alone, without support and with some thinning of the branches, may only need two or three guard stakes high enough to be seen. 
Another reason for stak­ ing a transplanted tree is to p rev e n t ex cessiv e tru n k m o v e m en t by the wind from b reak in g new roots growing into the surround­ ing soil. The frequent wa- 
Down to Earth 

Gardeners’ Questions— Answers 

By TERRY WILBOURN 
COUNTY EXTENSION HORTICUITURIST 
Iii regard to plant hardiness, what zone is San Antonio in? 
A ccord in g to USO A's 
Plant Hardiness /one Map, all of Bexar County is on the northern edge of /one 9. 
The average annual m ini­ mum tem peratures range from 2o° to 2o°. lf you have 

 lived here very’ long, I am su re you are aw are of a large fluctuation in te m ­ perature from the northern to the southern part of the county. 

 te rin g , needed the first season or two, often loosens the soil and contributes to the instability of the root system. Sufficient support may again be achieved by two or three short g uard sta k es. T ies, from the stakes to the trunk, would help anchor the tree and keep the roots firmly in the ground. The branches may need to be thinned to re ­ duce the top w eight and wind resistance. 
Most tre e s up to two inches in diameter, or with trunks not strong enough to hold the tree upright, can be s u p p o rted by a 
2-by-2-ineh sta k e d riv en firm ly into the g round about one foot from the trunk. Use stakes as short as possible but tall enough to keep the tree upright. 
Attach a single tie near the top of the stake. Use a wire run through a piece of g ar­ den hose, an elastic w eb­ bing or a plastic tie made for this purpose. Provide for flexible m ovem ent at the tying point, taking care not to ca u se ru b b in g or g ird lin g in ju rie s to the tru n k . P ru n e up to one th ird of the b ra n c h e s to com pensate for the roots lost in transplanting and to reduce weight and wind re­ sistance of the top. 
Trees up to four inches in diameter can be supported by two to three stakes. At­ tach the ties to the trunk and p ru n e as previously described. 
Single stakes should be on the side of the prevailing winds. When two support 

 stakes are used, place them on each side of the tree in a line at right angles to the prevailing w inds. Single stakes, leaning toward the prevailing winds, at an an­ gle of 3o d eg re es to the, tru n k are sa tis fa c to ry . 
S upport sta k e s m ay be needed only th ro u g h the first growing season or be­ fore new growth begins in the spring. Untie the tree to see if it stands erect with­ out support. Thinning the b ran c h es helps th e tre e stand alone. 
W rap p in g tru n k s and larger branches of newly planted trees aids recovery and reduces water loss and dam age from sun scald to the trunk. W rapping also provides partial protection against borers. Apply bur­ lap strip s or special tree w rapping dow nw ard in a spiral fashion. Overlap the covering for added protec­ tion. Reinforce the w ra p ­ ping by binding with twine starting at the bottom and winding upward in the op­ posite direction from the wrapping. 
Leave the w rap p in g on the tree for two years unless ft becomes unsight­ ly. The wrapping should be removed occasionally to in­ spect for possible canker a re a s , b o re rs, s c a le or o th e r in sects. T h e tre e should be rew rapped fol­ lowing inspection. 
The time and effort spent in properly planting and staking your trees will tre­ m en d o u sly in c re a se the success in grow ing your trees. 

R O S O W 
& 
K L IN E , 
Realtors, recently w as cited as Tw o M illio n 
D o lla r 
S a le s 
C lu b m em bers o f 
R E L O . 
Sh o w n are Larry Ro- sow, left, and M arvin 
Kline, center, who own the local real estate firm, receiving the cita­ tion from Ray Butler, president of the Inter- 
City Relocation Service. 

RELO cites , realty here for transfers 

Rosow 
& 
Kline, 
Realtors, was cited for outstanding service to transferring San An­ tonio fam ilies at the 
16th annual meeting of 
RELO/Inter-City Relo­ cation Service recently held in Houston. 

Larry Rosow and Marvin 
Kline accepted a plaque citing the local real estate firm as a m em b er of the 
RELO Two Million Dollar 
Sales Club for 1976. - 

The local RELO m ember firm found homes bought 

 by many families referred here from their former a r­ eas by other m em bers of 
RELO, the nation’s largest real estate referral service. 
Also, Rosow & Kline, Real­ tors, assisted local families relocating elsewhere to sell th e ir fo rm e r re sid e n c e s here and receive advance home-finding help from a 
RELO m em b er w herever they were transferring. 

T he 1976 aw a rd is the th ird Two Million Dollar 
Sales honor receiv ed by 
Rosow & Kline, Realtors, from RELO, an in te r n a ­ tional, not-for-profit s e r ­ vice. 

My Azalea leaves are show ing a reddening in color and som etim es spotting within the leaf. What could be the cause? 
Cold weather will cause this, and we have had plenty this w inter. Keep plants m ulched and hope that no stem and trunk 

 splitting from freezing has occurred. Freeze injury to the leaves is generally not too detrimental. 

Are the garden calendars for 1977 available yet? If so w here can I get one? 

They sure are. This year, recommended fruit and nut varieties were added. You can order one free copy by calling the county agent's office. A dditional c o p ies will cost you IS cents per copy and can be obtained 

 by writing to Agricultural 
C o m m u n ic a tio n s, 
Reed 
McDonald B ld g., C ollege 
S tation , TX 77843. 
R e­ member, the first calendar is free; pay 13 c e n ts for each copy ordered after the first. 

Ouattiont on »a n e w asp o rt of lawn, garden ar plant taro, at wall at landscaping, can ba answered in Ola Down Ta forth column. Please address any correspondence la the columnist hintsall end net Ibis newspaper. Correct mailing address is Dawn ta forth, (/a Terry Wilbourn, County fitensien Horticulturist, Tesas Agricultural fxtensien Service, 2o3 W. Nuevo St., Room 31o, San Antonio, TX 712o7. 
Red Carpet has new ‘millionaire’ 

CLASSIFIED DI SP LA Y 
C LA SSIFIED D ISP L A Y 
C LA SSIFIED D ISP L A Y 
C LA SSIFIED D ISP L A Y 

CLASSIFIED D ISP L A Y 
C LA SSIF IED D ISP L A Y 

Put yourself in our 
^ 

 p l d C C l M you’ll never be 
. 

B eautiful apartm ents & townhouses I and 2 bedrooms shirting fro m $ I TO. Clubhouse and 
Pooh 
.intl when we're com pletely finished, you'll really he glad you're in " Our Place.” Talk with our leasing agent fo r fu ll particulars about 
"(lur Place”. They're on the prem ises daily. 
TEN W EST 
Apartments 

1o7o7 IU IO West 
69o-ooo1 

TUCKED AWAY 
AMONG THE TREES 
YET ONLY ONE 
MINUTE FROM IH-1o 
ADULT & FAMILY 
SECTIONS 
6 9 o -1 7 o o 
49o9 WooDSToNE 

'/ A 
. 

Sundance 
4615 GARDENDALE 
6 9 o -8 3 2 o 
C H A N G IN G CONCEPTS IN 
A D U L T LIVI N G 

The • 

■ A t a m a n . 

732-9611 

1976 is a year Mark 
Plasters is not likely to forget. 
Ile ce le b ra ted his 23rd b irth d a y , co m p leted his 

M ARK PLASTERS 

 first full y ea r w ith Red 
C a rp et R e a lto rs at 81o3 
Broadway and sold in ex­ cess of $1 million worth of real estate. 
‘Tools’ 
“ I couldn’t have gone as far as I have with any other co m p an y th an Red C a r­ pet,” Plasters said. “ They have the tools that made it possible for me to reach the million dollar milestone.” 
A n a tiv e of B rig h to n , 
Col., P la ste rs has live in 
San Antonio for the past three* years He received his real estate schooling at San 
Antonio College, taking ad­ vanced courses in com m er­ cial s a le s and p ro p erty management. 
The Broadway office with which Plasters is affiliated is one of 14 independently owned and operated Red 
Carpet Real Estate offices in the city. There are more than 7oo coast to coast. 
P la s te rs lives with his wife Linda at 4635 La Loma. 

1-2-3 
Bedrooms 

UHE Stylo by t3 UFE INVESTORS 

Homecroft names leader in sales 

Patrick Edmund Turner, a sales consultant in the 
(ireenridge North residen­ tial community located in northeastern Bexar County, has been honored as the 
Salesman of the Month of 
N ovem ber by H om ecraft 
Corp. 
Turner joined Homecraft last April. The company is the largest home builder and developer iii San An­ tonio. 
383 lots 
D evelopm ent of Green- ridge North commenced in 
F e b ru ary , 1974, with 383 lots and a co m p lete amenity section, including a clubhouse and swimming pool. 
The community is locat­ ed on Toepperw cin Road between Nacogdoches Road and N E. III 35 in the ac a d e m ic a lly ex cellen t 
North East School District. 
H o m ec ra ft, one of the la rg e st p riv ately owned home building and d ev e­ loping firm s in the U.S., b as re sid e n tia l cornm un- 

PATRICK I. TURNER 
Hies in Houston, Austin, 
B eaum ont, B row nsville, 
McAllen, H arlingen, San 
Antonio, in addition to communities in metropolis tan New Orleans. 
The company will close over 1,2oo units for a sales volum e in excess of )5o million for 1976 

 y^NO IO TT 

HOMESTYIE APARMENT 
LIVING 
451 5 Gardendale 
6 9 1 -1 o 4 4 

HARPERS 

APARTMENTS 

Separate Adult and 
Family Sections 
Washer & Dryer 
Connections 

Unfurnished 

344-9771 
35o1 Pin Oak Drrv* 

* 
E h M A D R ID 
APARTMENTS 

Fireplaces 
“ Complete” All electric kitchens 

• Washer-Dryer 
Connections 
• All Bills Paid 

6 9 6 -2 3 4 6 
6111 Vance Jackson 

O COUNTRY CLUB 
APARTMENTS 

3939 fredDricksbura Rd 
7 T 3 I 
* 
BFESkyUby 
o UFE INVESTORS 

An ideal locu tion 
\« * \t to T u rtle C reek 
(»olf C ou rse 
6 9 6 - 7 o LB 
86.1o F a irh a v e n I Irii 

APARTMINTS, 

9525 LORENE 
344-9888 

® The Heritage 

Apartments 
I I different floor plans — 
All with patios 
Priced from $ 2 1 5 — All Bills Paid 
1543 Babcock 
3 4 1-222 8 

I & 2 Bd. Apts. 
From M65 

" t e l l 

> 
» 
V s i 
APARTMENTS 

T e r r a 

A lta 

TURN & UNfURN 

IDEAL FOR COUPLES 

AND STUDENTS 

411 EVEREST 
8 2 8 -5 3 3 o 

NOB 
HILL 
APARTMENTS 

Nob Hill Apartments oft IH-1o 
7626 Callaghan Road/349-1217 

O FRENCH CHALET 
165o JA C K SO N KELLER 
THI ULTIMATE 
COMMUNITY 
344-4616 

© 

?L 

LA PLAZA APTS. 
“TENNIS W ORLD” 
• RACQUETBALL, H I A l TM A N D E X IR C IW C L M 
• AOULT A N O F A M IL Y SEC H O N S 
• 
A * ° u n f u r n i s h e d a p a r t m e n t * 
• U T Ilm fS RAIO 
; S§i;S,/!V.‘S!5?A'«l¥:.v«,e!u.u.... 
11S N.W. 1ooP 41o 
3 4 1 -4 6 2 1 

$ 
LINDA APTS, 
235 HOW ARD off I IOO N. M A IN 
I & 2 BEDROOMS 
I blk. Main Bank, Lubys, Expressway, 
Hospitals, Adults Only 
226-8492 

With Meal Locations to 
Fit Your Needs 

® 
TARA 

AN APARTMENT HOME 
UNFORGETTABLE AS ITS NAME 
C O N V IN IIN f LO CATIO N A N O U T I llt lt t PAID 
8o51 BROADWAY 
824-oo61 
8 2 8 -7 3 9 3 

Q 
NX etiiclit*Ntt*r Stuart* 
A p a rtm e n t* 

I a 2, 3 bedroom apt*. 
I AHI* cnit-iil In furl *aiii anti Kainhil|>h 

I I I I Vii-liii l l wv. 
828-1 1o5 

© 

>V M f it 
M.APtl* 
APARTMENTS 

UFE St*, by 
o UFE INVESTORS 

4!Pkr 

1946 N. E Loop 41o 

(Harry W unbach Exit) 
826-2356 

© 
Park Colline 
A p a r t m e n t C o m m u n it y 
TV MONITORED SECURITY—GARDEN ratios 
LUXURIOUS CUI#.ROOM—GYM t SAUNAS 
I -2 3 BOR 
I & 2 BATH 
‘17o 27o (Porn Add) UTILITIES Pd 
2o11 BANDERA RD. 
434-4191 
B etw een Hiller*** A C allaghan 
A Bob Ro** A partm e n t C om m unity 

® The BRITTANY 

A SOPHISTICATED ADULT C O M M U ­ 
NITY WITH A POOL IN EACH COURT­ 
YARD. HALF BLOCK OFF LOOP 41o 
NEAR NORTH STAR MALL. 
86o7 JONES-MMTSBERGER 
341 -31 26 

 ountry Village 

\|>artm ciit* 

I. 2 . 3 b e d r o o m * fu sib le Iii iii" tor (anilin-' * ho undrrotaiul value 

 f r o m 8 1 1 9 

H 1 1 6 L o u n t r v \ illum e 
8 2 H -3 7 2 I 

All Bills Paid 

1o7o7IH IO West 
69o -ooo 1 

© 
I.’A T R IU M S OF 

9214 Dartbrook Drive 
69 6-o14 6 

© 
NORTHEAST A R IA 
^Perrin cflaza 
I A 2 BDR. A TOWNHOUSES 
Garden apts, with ebon well kept spacious grounds, polios, balconies, pool, walk to shop­ ping, features plus. 
Perrin-Beitel Rd. 
655-7122 

NORTHGATE 

539 ELEANOR 
824-oo19 
WESTGATE 

© Vi iiidcrpNt Apartments 

656-o182 
8835 VV illiinaii W av 

I arg«- private patio'. I omenieiit lo W im l'or 
Park Mall. Kuii<lol|ili aint t ori *am. 

Luxury Living in N il. Sun Antonio 

© POPLAR ST. APTS. 
324 POPLAR 

M ID -TO W N CONVENIENCE 
226-8492 

• Pm Hdaic 
PARK LIKE GROUNDS 
ALL AMENITIES UTILITIES PO. 
O N BUS WALK TO SHOPPING 
LARGE 2 BDR 225. (Turn Add ) 
342-o191 
4o19 VANCE JACKSON AT LOOP 41o 
A Bob Robs Apartment Community 

o 

For the truth, 
Com pare 
1o362 Sahara Drive, lust east of San Pedro, north 
349-2617 
.of looq 41o 

C L A S S I F I E D 
Better Living 
Section 

• R e a l E s ta te 
• M o b ile H o m e s • R e n ta ls 

I N O I X 

•IAI (STAT! 

2o1 ~ fa a I Estate Notices 
2o2—Houses Open for Inspection 
7o4—Property Out of Town 

7o6— Condominiums • Townhouses 
7 o8 - Apartments, Dupleies 
21o— Houses—Northeast 

217—Houser—Northwest 
214—Houses—Southeast 
716— Houses—Southwest 
718—Houses Moved and Wrecked 
72o— Houses for Trode 

277—Miscellaneous Real {stole 
224—Houses, Sole ot Rent 
226— Suburban Property—Acreage 
228—Resort Properties 
2 3o -lots 
237—forms and Ranches 
234—forms and Ranches for Rent 

236—Commercial Property-Sole 
238— Commercial Property (lease) 
74o-Commercial Property (Wanted) 
747— Industrial Property for Sale 
244—Industrial Property Tor loose 
746—Industrial Property Wanted 
748— Office Space for lease 

7SO—Office Spore Wanted 
2S7 —Real Estate Sell ar Exchange 
2S4—Real {stole Wanted 
256—Real Estate loons—Notes 

258—Root Estate loons Wonted 

MOBILE HOMES 

3o2 - Mobile Homes for Rent 

RENTALS Do 

4o1 - Apartments fur rn .bed 
4o?-Housekeeping Apt Turn 
4o4—Apartments, Unfurnished 
4o6—Houses, Duplexes 

—furnished 
4o8 -Houses, Duplexes 

—Unfurnished 
41o— Houses. Rent or Sell 
417—Rooms, furnished 

414—Rooms, Unfurnished 
416—Rooms with Booed 

418—Wont to Rent or leose 

SAN ANTONIO 
REAL ESTATE SECTIONS 

O 
NORTHWEST 
HOMES 

NORTHEAST 
HOMES 

SOUTHWEST 
HOMES 
SOUTHEAST 
HOMES 

C 
OMN HOUSES 
OMN HOUSES 

Looking for a new home? 

T O D A Y 'S YO U R L U C K Y D A Y ... 

H ig h C o u n t r y E s t a te s 
6 5 6 - 4 4 7 1 

$ 3 9 ,9 5 o to $ 5 5 ,o o o 
Nacogdoches at Judson 

M e a d o w W o o d N o r t h 
4 9 4 - 6 1 6 3 

$29,95o to $4o,ooo 
Jones-Moltsbgr at Thous. Oaks 

T h e G r e a t N o r t h w e s t 
6 8 4 - 1 1 2 3 

$ 3 7 ,9 o o to $ 5 o ,o o o 
FM 471 at Culebra 

• V A , FHA, Conventional • Fireplaces • Double 

Garages • North East or Northside Schools 
<D 
Coates Development Co. 
C ourtesy to Brokers 

N E W E X C L U S I V E A R E A S 

• WHISPERING O A K S • CO U N TR Y SID E 

• H U N TER ’S C R E E K 
P R E S T I G E H O M E S 

***** 
HMflH W 
W it* I 
• fitm en t „ 
• (toning betta 
_ 
• in North beet ar Northern 
School Dhrtrict 
• Recreation orooo, o h o m o * is o . doc to s t JO,otto 
P M M , wonton OM Ex let. Homo*. Ot WHISPERING 
•elect etto, coelom build, choate in- o a k s te n o r -yeow. 
. . t v 
I fH fe S iD 

L 
4 9 2 - 1 o 6 8 ; * 4 9 4 - 5 2 4 9 • 4 9 2 2 2 7 2 
TIMBER RIDGE 
R e a lt o r s W e lc o m e ! 
Visit 

 the community on the go in Northwest Son Antonio. 

Homes from $32,ooo by: 

Hidden Value Homes 
684-1577 

Trans Texas Properties 684-o393 

Quest Homes Inc. 
684-86oo 

• A ll b rick hom es 

• C a rp e t 

 e Firep lace s 

 e 2 -ca r g a ra g e s 

 e Tennis & sw im club 

• 3 A 4 b e d ro o m s 

 e M a n y e x tra s 

 e O p e n h o u se d a ily 
IO a .m . 'til d a rk . 
3 minutes north of loop 41o, Culebra Road exit 

( REAL ESTATE NOTICES ) { 2 o l) 

IM M E D I A T E C A S H 
F o r Y o u r H om e. We c a v a ll clo sin g c o s ts 1 We a lso ta ke trades. C a ll 
494-5S71 
635 8474 
532-3252 
C n t u r y 21 
W A K E F I E L D R E A L T O R S sssssssssssssts 
•I NEED IO HOUSES# 
San A n ton io R e a l Esta te Days ca sh for you rs In 72 hours. I c a y a ll clo s ­ ing cost. 349-6531 
$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$ 

NO DOWN PAYMENT 
A n y o n e c o n b u y 
V e ts d o n 't u se th e ir e lig ib ilit y 
3-4 b e d ro o m s . 2 b a th s , s o m e w ith a ir a n d o il o d - ch an ces, p a ym en ts less than rent 
344 3o9) B O B D e P A O L O R E A L T O R 

O P EN SAT. 2 TO 5 
S H EN A N D O A H 
421o SPOTSWOOD TRAIL 

Th is 4 b e d ro o m , 2 b o th h om e is o n the m ost q u ie t s tre e t in 

 th e A re a . It is fu ll o f n ice little su rp rise s y o u w ill lo v e l P ric e d 

 in 3 o ’s. 
3 4 9 - 5 1 1 1 fVEAimOWEMS 
H A IT O IS -M IS 
Southeast O ffiat 

CONDOMINIUMS 
TOWNHOUSES 

18oo s a ,ft, to w n h o m e . 3 h u g e b e ­ d ro o m s. liv in g ro o m , d in in g roo m a n d f a m ily ro o m w ith f ir e p la c e , double g a ra g e w ith au to m a tic door ooener. b e au tifu l ga rd e n s; co v e re d p a tio , no m a in t e n a n c e fe e . N E s c h o o ls , e a u ifv a n d a s s u m e $267 m on th ly p a ym en t or refin ance. 
LANDMARK. REALTORS 
o9O-VSO2 

Wily Worry About "Jaws”? 
Then sw im In y o u r ow n pool. day or night w hen you liv e in the San P e d ro 
Tow nhouses, 2 or 3 be d ro o m s, w ith low e q u ities a v a ila b le now. 
C o ll 349-1436 A n y tim e 
BASSE-WEILBACHER 
IN C , R E A L T O R S 
W O O D B R ID G E T O W N H O M E S 
In-Town L oca tion . S up er A m e n itie s 
31o2 E is e n h o u e r 
82663o1 

7oS APMTMENTS DUPlEXfS 

N E A R FT. S A M 

Duplex phis I bedroom, living loom, 

 kitchen and dining area each side. 

Range ond refrigerator included. 
$22,5oo. Niohts 656-758o. 

NAYLOR REALTY 

GALLERY OF HOMES 

656-552o 691-1121 341-9191 

A p a rtm e n ts, du plex, SIS,OOO. 4 plcx, 
$37,ooo. 5 -p le x . $39,5oo U n tu rn , s e p a ra te m e te rs, c o u ld tra d e up. 
824-7587, 826 1793 
R E G N I E R R E A L T Y , IN C 

4oo a mo. R e du ce d to $7o,ooo cash tor q u ick sale 
A L L C IT Y R E A L T Y C O R P . 
736-1851 eve s c a ll R uth 434-o286 
D U P L E X $12,5oo 
N e a r F t Sam , rent $18o m onth, re tirin g ow ner w ill co n sid e r tro d e for w ooded la n d w ith w a te r N o rth of 
San A n ton io 826 7o5o. 
D U P L E X P L U S G A R A G E A P T 
P e rfe c t shape. In co m e $45o 3 car g a ra g e S e p a ra te m e te rs A ll rent ed. G o o d n e ig h b o rh o o d C lo s e to bus, O w n ers liqu id atin g . 
G R A C E L A IR D 
736-4235________ 
736-ooo7 

IDEAL LOCATION 
F o r b u s y p e o p le On D o n a ld s o n . 
P e rfe c t co rn e r. Jeff V illa g e lust 7 b lo c k s . T h is 7 s to ry stone d u p le x h as 7 b e d ro o m s e ach L iv e in one a p a rtm e n t a n d let th e o th e r p a y y ou r notes. Im m ediate possession 
344-8348 
G r a c e A r n o l d 
R E A L T O R S M L S 

INCOME PROPERTY 
5-17 u nits F o r Info c a ll G in g e r W at son W est R e a lty 725 4368 

W A N T E D 3 b e dro om , 2 b a in , den n ea r Lee H i School W ill pa y cash 
L a rg e e qu ity O K. lf you re a lly w ant to sell, c a ll 732 8o18 

WE’LL BUY YOUR HOME 
F o r cash. F a st S e rv ice . W ill tra d e 
344-3o91 B O B D e P A O L O R E A L T O R 
W e N eed A pt. L istin g s, h ave re ad y bu yers w ithin 175 m l. of San A n to n ­ io. H B C IN C . C a ll A N 
M a r r o u 
494 3419, 342 218o H B G R e a l E sta te 
W H Y P A Y R E N T ? O w n y o u r own nom e, no dow n p a ym en t to an yon e ! 
P a ym e n ts less th an rent, 
L lo y d M o n tg o m e ry 
658 18o6 

2o2 HOUSES OPEN 

MAI ESTATE NOTICESJ ® c MAI ESTATE NOTICES5 ( m T) 
'You have a \ 
*r right 
9 to be choosy^ 

OPEN DAILY FOR YOUR CONVENIENCE 

• 7o Floor plans to choose from 

• Low monthly payments 

• High quality homes in Y O U R price range 

• YO U R choice of several'school districts 

• Energy conditioned to save Y O U R money 

C A M I L O ! (Northeast)......................................... 6 5 5 - 4 1 2 3 

H E R ITA G E f A R M (K«thw»i) 
6 7 3 - 4 1 4 3 

T A N G L E W o o D / B A B C o C K (N o rth « « t)6 9 6 -8 1 7 o 

V A U E Y - H I (southwest).............................. 6 7 4 - 3 5 7 $ 

W IL D W O O D {Northwest) 
.....................6 8 1 - 3 o 2 o 

Ray Ellison 
A 

L E A H R E G A N 
H it leat! N n m d * Regan recently 
Mined Ike South Central off K l of 
Beanie Owens Co, Realtors, os a vales av vol late Mrv Began, who at tended MctoMum High School rn 
South San Antonio, will be movt happy to ame you real le d (oat venice in net new position with rive 
Cleome O wen lo She especially welcomes new red estate IU hogs in the McCoNure ween os well rn other parts af the South Sid* Mrv leoon invites a! of Net friends lo give net 
• coil at 

924-7311 

 ar coma by her 

 new pkxe of ens payment the 

South Central of­ fice b u ild in g is Of 

A S O f . W . M i l i t a r y D r. 

A T T E N T I O N ! G O V 'T O W N E D 
H O M E S a r e (iii o v e r la w n . d o w n p a y m e n ts 
17o a n d 
UP f o il 
G R E A T E R 
V A L U E 
R E A L T Y 
6 S I6I4J 
B eton ; You buy or Sell, d o ll A C L L 
W e o tte r th e B e s t s e r v ic e s a n d 

BEFORE YOU SEU 
I et Os n j r u T i T . TT r - TuTyO ur use or equ ity. C o ll now I 
H om e 
M a rt 
SSS-12o1 

 f f R b P E k V v o w n I I T 
W e w ill sell your nom e tor only VXX) 
W hy p a y m o re ? 712-1918 C h a r le t want Root i stole 

 i i E 

VA u r n U SING S 

ConectK> !|, ^ t m 
* ,* T 7 ^ i 
344715—City ommitod rn error 
Lockhart 
NEW MAINUS 
2 o 6 7 / 
$2o,5oo 

7511 Buckboard 
A l 
R 4 5 o 
3-2-o 
291149131 U rn * B h d * 19, SOO 

A l 
M S O 
3-2-1 

IQVMKiTlMl It t r K I W - 

Sublet to change ut puce prier sate et withdrawal ot any time without notice Offers to eutchase wilt not be accepted whet* the broker hot fodeb to subr.i.t to VA o signed copy of KA form 26 8138 
Joint HUO VA non dtscnni lotion certification Tho best qualified offer Witt be accepted from those tecetved within J work days of the public appearance of the in itwl or lensed listing Sales com­ mission on S S ol safes, po rabic on closing 

O ff H R ttaivio 

3o9I52 lab# JA I9 69 Hooker 
3 4 4 5 9 3 /lo b * 

M cCorm ick-Groan 

2 51 oo 3 /A rcM og a- t * Mb B l I Cm lb**? own Accirrto 

3 )9B9o/H ooker 

O fffE R U fC flD 
Disregard os of 1-7-77; 

312612 and 326A2 

CODIO fO M B O K W S ONLY 

O P E N HOUSE 

N O O N TO DUSK 

Come see our unbelievable prices of new homes 

5633 CREEKWOOD in W o o d t t o n e 

141o3 SWALLOW 

 in E l C h n p o r r ttl 

Prices range from $29,9oo ond up lhree ond four bedrooms, off 
Nacogdoches Rd 

6 5 6 -3 o o o 

 t 
D e a j w f O w e n s 

H A L T O M -E N S 

Bp” *!® 

LUXURY DUPLEX 
F IR S T O F F E R I N G 
B e a u tifu l h om e plu s Incom e fo r the in ve stm e n t m in ded. 3 b e d ro o m s. 7 b a th s, e le c tric k itc h e n p lu s la rg e den w ith fire p la ce . R e ntal sid e has 2 be dro om s, I both, liv in g , d in in g , and e le c t r ic k it c h e n 
R e a l i s t i c a l l y p rice d at $57,9oo 
826-o6o6 
N ite s 826-6497 
S U E W E E M S B A S SO C . 
KEY GRUUP 

O M N 2 : o o - 5 3 o 
9 t o 7 T O U R N I Y tx BRAUN STATION (ASI rtf t OCK SUY. 
NIN 2-rtery horn* In* tho* carpeting, rn a lorn, tirepteu ut Ii* mg ream I formal dining roam ... mail*' turf* do w n ,ism . 2 taiga M m m apl 
Non* oaks' 
$ 4 9 , 8 7 $ . 
6 9 6 - 4 8 1 1 
R f A C T O R S 
G U T S H I P M A N C O . 

224 NATALEN 
4 u nits fu rn ish ed , se p a ra te m e te rs, g o o d r e n t a l u n it n e a r F t S a m 
O w n er w ill fin a n ce , a ll re a so n a b le o f f e r s c o n s id e r e d 
L u c i ll e 
B ie rsch w a le 344 2341, 344 5549 
B O B J O N E S , R E A L T O R S 
KEY GRUUP 

146 Pollydale- 
Highland 
H ills , ort P e ca n V a lle y D r. 3 2 1, has e x tro k itch e n , la rg e den. 
H e re s to da ys buy 
A s su m e note on d save 
O P E N 2-6— S U N D A Y 
226 8357 
342-9338 
344-9424 
J A Dess 
R e o i E sta te 

O W N E R A N X l6 u S 
L o v e ly 4 -U n it A p a r tm e n t h o u se 
O nly 8 y rs old. H an d y to S e a rs an d 
B ro o ks A F B Incom e $56o m o A s s u m e 6 a in t n o te w ith $342 p a ym en ts or re fin a n c e V A , F H A or 
C on vention al 349-65o3, 494 2o4o 
Manna Woptey Realtors 
S ell o r T ra d e n orth w est 4 F le x tor la rg e r a p t b u ild in g . 736-2976. 
8 U N IT C O T T A G E C b M P L E X 
93o E 
G r a y s o n . $ 5o ,o oo 
F u r n . sep ara te m e te rs, re n ts $88o m onth 
R e t ir in g o w n e r w ill c a r r y w ith 
$15,ooo dow n, b a l. $3oo m on th P a l for 2o y rs at 8' j% O th er p ro p e rtie s a v a ila b le 8262o5o 
W E S T M A G N O L I A Y i j n . e - C m ;': lu re , a p p lia n c e s $27,5oo T e rm s 
O w ner ag ent 876o6o? 

SCREENED PORCH w ith v ie w in to o a k s tu d d e d D ock yard . s u rro u n d e d bv ce d a r p riv a c y fence. 3-2 7 sp an ish rock h om e w ith huge fa m ily ro o m an d la rg e fire p la ce New . re a d y for im m m ed iate o ccu p an cy O pen S un d ay p m 4643 
S H A V A N O W O O D S in e x c lu s iv e 
W oods of S h a v an o 

C U S T O M H O M E B U U 
698 2445 

BOERNE AREA 
Fantastic Hill Country I stole 
19.8 acras, 9 milts Wast af 
Boe rn* on Hwy. 46. follow 
Open house signs from Hwy. 
46. Brick boma, large cathedral ceiling, family room, fireplace, leer running stream. $69,9oo. 
Call collect, 535-4317. 

YE OLDE EDREST s u rro u n d s th is o ld E n lg is h h o m e now u n d e r c o n s tru c tio n in W in d w o o d E s t a t e s . S b e d r o o m s . 3 '» b a th s , c a m e ro o m , liv in g ro o m , to m ily room , redw oo d de ck On 1.9 a c re s tH IO N W . 17 m ile s n orth of 
W onderland 

O M N 3 T O D U S K 
431o SHALLOW WATER 

3 b e d r o o m . 
3 b o lt i 
3 (a r g a r a g e w it h ta t* a t r o o m t a r e n t e r t a in in g . 
C a t h e d r a l c e ilin g * . c o m p le t e ly c a r p e t e d . g a r d e n k it c h e n w it h a ll t h e e x t r a * . 
D o n 't m it e lh** a n a l 
6 5 6 - 3 o o o 

R f A LTO S 
M IA 

KON Company rO M H O M E B U IL I 
698 2445 
D E R S 

21o HOUSES NORTHEAST 

A A A A A A A A jA A S A r A A A A A A A A 
H O M E F IN D IN G S E R V IC E 
W e s p e c ia lis e in fin d in g n o rth s id e best b u y s tor ou r clie n ts F o r tree on fide ntial s e rv ic e c o ll 341 4215 or 
344 5577 
C R A B T R E E R E A L T Y 
A A A A B A R G A IN A N D L b t A t lO k i gc lean 3 2 2 -a p p lia n ce s $35o m oves you in C o n v e n ie n t W in d s o r P a rk 
F irs t p a ym en t in M a rch . 
696-742o W A Y N E S L A T E R 344 o936 
A C O z V 3 be droom , 2 bath, ca rp e t entre! heat a ir in R o n ch lo n d $23oo down, $25o m o C o ll 
IN T E R S T A T E 828 o755 til 8 pm 
A H S C H O O L S T E R R E L L H IL L S 
F I R S T O F F E R I N G t n i o y th e w a rm th of a w ood b u rn in g fire p la c e in th is sp a cio u s 3 2 7 in ch o ice io ta hon F a m ily room w ith ce ilin g fan, d a rk s ta in e d flo o rs . C e n tra l heat a ir, b asem ent 
R E A L T O R S . 
826-2439 

2o4 PROPERTY OUT OE TOWN 
J o c re s , S o u T h w e s t o t T u s T fm A iT u tilitie s a v a ila b le , sch o o ls. I a c re fro n ta g e , p a v e d s tre e t C o n t a c t ow ner, A llen , 1oo4 S 1st A u stin TX 
787o4 o r c a ll 512 442 /7o4 i (Jedroom H ou se on 4o Ac r c's''(J cli' 
784 3264, C h ristin e , Tx 
In B o v in e V exas, 1o8* 7o5 ft lot with larg e oak fre es, 3 b e dro om s, 7 fu ll b o th s. de n . c e n tr a l h e a t a ir . new ca rpe t C a ll to see th is b e au ty today 
Colt A nn 
ERA 
532-31o7 

C o s h 

JACK MITCHELL 
R e a lt o r 
648 -3 3o 7 
W S n ie, i 'blr) 

A L L B R IC K 3 bedro om I' / bath 
H O M E B U IL T O N Y O U R L O T 
$16,95o tot I C a rd in g ort W e al A v e 
S P E C IA B U I L D E R S in c 
349 1491 

CASH for H O M ES 
W e B u y H O M E S o n d f Q U I T I t ' 
Honest, t tfic lent, an d F a s t bervie! 
W e pa y a il C lo sin g Costs C o ll Ton or B e rn ice . 341 61 JO 
S P E C IA , R E A L T O R S 

S CASHS 
F O R Y O U R H O M E O R E Q U IT Y 
W L P A V A L L C L O S IN G C O S T S 
924 4131 
H U G H E S 6 B R I S C O * ___ 
C o s tiTor your W orthsid* e q u ity cull' lo r r y B p rn e lw y 
3414455. 684 7VU‘t 
* d o s lc m B u ilt H om es 
696 771o 

4 Bedroom in Fair Daks 
A n e x q u is ite s p lit le v e l n om e w ith m an y e x tra s on o b e au tifu l S a c re view lot F e a tu rin g e xten siv e use of ce d a r an d ro ck e x te rio r w ith 2 ro ck fire p la c e s . 7 d e c k s o n d n u m e ro u s w indow s to e x p lo it the m oO nifieent v ie w o n d p r e v a ilin g h ill c o u n try b re e ze s H o m e s open d a ily to r in ­ sp e ctio n L o c a te d in F A I R O A K $. th e n e w e s t a n d m o s t e x c it in g d e v e lo p m e n t N W of S a n A n to n io . 
Toke IH 1o n orth to Leo n S p rin g s, p ro cee d on a c c e s s to C a m p S tanley sign, turn righ t, go 3 . im lo F A IR - 
O A K S office 
DON SMITH CD 
698 244o B R O K E R 

4 Bedroum in TraNwuod 
N ew h o m e on 7 o r re b e a u t if u lly w o o d e d t r a c t C o n s tru c tio n n e a r c o m p le te 
B u y e r c a n s t ill m a k e s e le c tio n of in te r io r d e c o r 
H u g e 
78x3? fa m ily liv in g u re a w ith ta rg e rock fire p la ce , 2‘ ■ Dom s, p lu s m on y e x tra fe a tu re s to r the b e st liv in g in d o o rs o n d out O n ly IS m in u te s north of W o n d erla n d out IM to 
DON SMITH CO 
698 2261 
B R O K E R 
698 744o 

_ _ _ 
„ . _ 
. r r a r 
.block. bu ilt rn closets, v a n ity wftn m irro r in e ach b d r , c ity g ill., pe ca n 
& f r u it t r e e s , c h a m lin k fe n c e oro un d I 762-3316 
------------------ L A V E R N I A ------------------ 
2 b d rm hom e, ca rp e te d w ith I bath, rent house, on 2 a c re s 779-4o3) 
L~o c a T 6 d~T n~ T h e h e a S t o f 
B A N D E R A C O U N T Y . N ew m od ern . 
I V7o s a ft h o m e . 2 b o th s . 7 be d ro o m s , la r g e liv in g a r e a , ro c k f ir e p la c e , c e n t r a l h e a t a n d a ir , located on J o c re s w ith la rg e live- oak fre es a n d SOO it liv e cre e k Not in sub d iv isio n F ln a n c in g o v o ita b lf 
Shown by ap p oin tm e n t 698-2111 or t 794-3757 

2o6 TOWNHOUSES 

1 1 * * A i i n i i x x x u u t 

O P E N i i 

2319 HIGHLEUGE 
O W N E R D I S P A R A T E ! M u s t s e ll h is m a ia sttc I s to ry h om e on (w i­ de sac let 3 K in g s u e d b e d ro o m s. 
J ' j b u m s, fo rm a l a r e g fo r e n te r­ ta in in g, hr u n la ce d den h as w et b o r, huge ga m e room . a p p ro x 25oo ta ti. 
O n ly 554,9oo 
R E D C A R P E T 
M I J i l t 
R E A L T O R S 
494 1o58 

OPEN TODAY 
2 5 PM 
1915 W ay t (em School 3 bedroom . din in g room . in p o p u la r 
U n d er $19,ooo R E A L lO lutes 434 6o7/ 
Arthur E. BIARD 

IT S E A S Y TO P L A C E A 
E X P R E S S M F W * 
W A N T A O V t 1664 

LOW EQUITY 

NORTHWEST 
$5,5oo m o*ti you in. 2-?V»-2 off 
Vance Jock son 

WOODBRIDGE 

BEAUTY 

NORTHEAST 
3 bedawn, 395 bath plus 24x17 living loom with fireplace 

Niles 6SS-9S36 

C E N T U R Y 21 
HAP RESER 653-61S2 
1o6oS Perrin Bertel 

 b a rn 
N e o i 
9 ; a c re s w ith sm art hou s h e d s , a n d f is h in g h oi 
S m ile y 
$15,ooo 
924 8) 
I 587 3126 
H Y A T T R E A L E S T A T E 
A L L P L A Y A N b N O W O AW whi'-u you liv e in a lu x u ry Tow nhom e, this one h as ait y ou r w ants an d m o re 3 bedroom *, J- < oath s, rock firep la ce in fa m ily room , p n v o c y fen ce d pa 

R E D C A R P E T 
342 3111 
R E A L T O R S 
684-o66] 

Beautiful Condominium 
4 B e d ro o m s in C h a rte r O o h s VII log e 22oo Sa ft M a ste r b e d ro an d bath, d o w n s ta irs W a lk in i sets. 3 b e dro om s u p s ta irs w ith be a it p a n e le d d e n w ith f ir e p ia liv in g d in in g , a il e le c t r ic k ite ! sep ara te b re a k fa st room , art be 
M arty d ra p e d in g o ld and w hite, woi ta wart gold ca rp e t A v a ila b le A 
1st B y ow ner 69u o89? 

B t O S S O M P A R K r t O W N H d M f l 
N I W fla m e s , b u ilt b y G a r r e t 
B ro s ! a 2 b e dro om with 2 . bath: a n d a 3 b e d r o o m w ith a F I R L 
F L AC t 
B oth h a v e s k y lig h ts , do . pie g a ra g e s a n d bu n t in k itch e n ; 
F ro m s i* VOO to SALVOS 
R E A L T O R S 
651 7141 
Guy Chipman Co. 

M o ry m o n t A r e a A ro m a tic ^ o w n house 3 2 2 m a s te r su ite dow n c a r g a r a g e . $69 OOO. 826 -2 43 9 
Jo n es-K in g Hearten * 

JONES+KING 

Alamo Heights Schools 
C h oice lo ca tio n ' la r g e fa m ily hom e 
(neur S.OOO I or use a s 2 se p a ra te w ings. L ik e N E W con dition C o ll for fu ll d e ta ils R E D U C E D : 
Dixie Rose, Realtor 
824-7134, A n y tim e 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS-—-S a turday January 8 

-N O R TH EA ST 

ALAMO HEIGHTS SCHOOLS 
C o ly a n d B r ig h t ' 2 b e d ro o m , I . bath hom e in Ideal loca tion L a rg e d e n p lu s lo ts ot s to ra g e . L o v e ly , fenced y a rd 
$21,5oo 
342 7o9o. 
828 5671 
S t r o u d e r N e ls o n , R e a l E s t a t e 
A L A M O H E I G H T S I be droom ."".' b a th , s e p a ra te liv in g a n d d in in g ro o m s . F ir e p la c e . M u c h c h a r m 
$34,5oo 826 6148. 656 8o45 
REAVIS REALTY CO. 

ALAMO HGTS. 
L a r g e 4 b e d ro o m s . 3 b a th s w ith w hite s tu c c o O v e rlo o k s the sw im ing poof in y o u r b a ck v o rd 
T ry is one. 
824 2391 (A n y tim e ) 
Beanie Owens Co 
R E A L T O R S . 1142 A U S T IN H W Y 

ALAMO HGTS. SCHOOLS 
JUST LISTED 
T h is q u a lify o ld e r d ro o m s , I'.- b a th m e h a s 3 be a n d d e ta c h e d g o ra g e w ith an other fin ish e d room 
M id 3o s. 

P L A Y A T H O M E ! ! 
Mora of Eva Tything 
In this spectacular home 

W Gtonf 18 ft. x 25' fomify room 

★ Study et library off fomiiy room with built im 

★ Mossiv* stone fireplace 

★ Fireploce ond boy window in 16 ft. x 22' moster bedroom 

★ Wet bor • built-in 

Best view of the golf course 

AH for only $69,95o 
VA or Conv. 

Coil anytime 
659-1261, or 
625-1975 

NORTHCUFFE 

Country dub {states 
Golf, Tennis, Swim 

2-STORY HOMES 

NORTHERN HILLS 
In beautiful Northern Hills, new 2 story with unique design, 
4 bedrooms, I VS baths up ond VS bath down 2 car garage, excellent view $36,45o. 
R O Y A L RIDGE 
English Tudor, new 2 story with charm, 4 bedrooms, I VS boths up, 
Vi both down Pick your interior colors $49,15o 
DAY OR NITE 

J & 5 5 - 6 8 4 8 

 m o r t e m 

I s o u t l 

 r e a l m 

; ( hHOMES— NORTH! AST 
HOMES— NORTHEASTD O jo ) 

"A L A M O HEIGHTS” 

Two story op-doted Country 
Colonial - 4-2V%. large yara 
+ quarters. 

"FOR THE SOPHISTICATED” 

In Terrell Hills • 4-3 Alamo 
Heights Schools. 

‘'QUALITY LIVING’' 

 in this 4-2 Alamo Heights 
Spanish stucco-Priced in 6o s. 

“ALAMO HEIGHTS” 

4 Unit Furnished Apartment 
• In residential area. Priced low 4o's. 

“TERREII HULS” 

Alomo Heights Schools. 3-2 - 
Great space • Priced 4o s. 

Call us For Details 

8 2 2 - 3 3 o 1 

HARTMAN REALTORS 

J U N T R Y S IE T IN G .7 7 
Quaint English 
Charm 

2 S to r y 
AH Brick 
• OOUBU FHtfPLACl 
A One in family roam 
• Ona in mo*tee bedroom 
• OOUBU BAY WINDOWS 
* With gorgeous view 
• 2'/i Both*... 
6 All tile omTmorbie 
• HUGI STOKAGI-aOSn 
SPACES 
• DINING ROOM 
* With black MIRROR! D 
WAH AND WAINSCOT! 
YOURS TO OWN 
NOW! 
AT ONLY $6o,75o 
VA OR CONV. 
Please Coll 
659-1261 or 625-1975 
NORTHCUFFE 

Country Club Estate* 

J o 

D A Y 
DI 

 i t l a s i lh w p « i 

CAMELOT ll 
3-2 2, fireploce, cathedral ceiling, electric built in kitchen, drapes, assume or refinance (all now 
MOVE IN TODAY 
3 I V i-1 with centil ait, oil ap­ pliances, carpet and drapes Assume 
$177 mo payments or refinance. 
Make an offer on equity, (all 
494-5571 
Nites 656-4189 

 r 
I 

I BOB MCGINNIS 
REALTORS 
349.6211 

ALAMO HEIGHTS 
MANSION 
Everything you ever dreamed of— PIUS Over WOO sq ft In this beautiful 2 story home on 1.6 ocres in ALAMO HEIGHTS Quartets, wetbar, sprinkler system, basement, and so, so much morel 
Call for appointment today 
I 

A V A I L A B L E N O W ' 4 2 L low 2o's 
M a n y E x t r a s 1 653 28o3 

BARGAIN HUNTERS SPECIAL 
N o dow n p a y m e n t to a n y o n e . J 4 b e dro om *, 2 b a th s, som e w ith a ir a n d a ll a p p lia n ce s, firs t p a y m e n t in 
M a rch . 
344-3o91 B O B D e P A O L O R E A L T O R 
7 B e d room o ld e r hom e N e a r T rim tv. B ra c k e n rid g e P o rk $13,5oo 726 
E 
H u isa ch e $4oo down. $125 m o 
732 75o8 
B E S T B U Y 
A cce n ts on sin g le liv in g a re a in this 
3-2-2. fa m ily d e s ig n e d h om e com p le te w ith fire p la c e an d lot* of car pet. O n ly $15oo e q u ity 656-1734 
R E D C A R P E T 

BESTBUY!! 
B e lo w m a rk e t valu e , lu st re d u ce d to 
$32,5oo. O pen term *. L o v e ly setting w ith b e au tifu l trees, 3 bedro om *, 2 baths, 7 c a r o a ra g e F o rm a l liv in g an d d in in g roo m s, fa m ily room with fire p lo ce 
658-3535 A n y tim e 

“S M if J s m s o 

EASY TERMS FOR 
VETERANS 
C L O S I N O C O S T .$ cill you p o y fo m ove you info this 3 btfdioom hom e in a quiet 
N o rth east neighborhood 
En|oy the serenity for less than the a p p ra isa l value, 
$22,5oo. Evening* ta ll Eleanor a 
653 £382 
$ o o o 
D O W N to qu a lifie d 
Veterans, 
3 bedroom s, 2 baths. w ith fenced yard ar»d several shade tress $2*2,2oo 
N O 
D O W N to 
V eteran $ 
J bedroom s, range an d com pletely , redeco rated for on ly $19,5oo 
• I A T TNK I N C f t G Y SHORT AGT w ith 
2 spacious bedroom s and huge living a rea w ith fireplace 
Located near the heart o f tow n an d on busline, kitchen recently rem odeled 
Evening* ca ll 
H erb 
655 2o9o 
Century 21 

Deloney Realty 
653-o55o 

TYRO L HILLS 

Brick Colonial 3 bedroom, 2 hath, study, large living room, separate dimna, fomiiy loom with fireplace. 
NE School Immediate possession 

‘ 5 7 , 5 o o 

MARTHA JANE 
FRAZIER, REALTOR 

826-2393 

FRAZIER REAL ESTATE 

MONTE VISTA 

123 W. IUUWooD 

* Spacious Rock Home 6 

# J Bedroom s I bath 6 

6 D en-All Carpeting a 

 a Detached Servants 

Q uarters a 

 a Excellent Condition a 

$55,ooo.oo 

822-5732 

CHARLIE’S ANGEL’S 
W o u ld lo v e th i* I s to r y h o m e in 
M a c A r th u r T e r r a c e a n d y o u w ill too! 4 b e d ro o m * 7': both* d o u b le g o ra g e , lo ts of c a rp e t anc) m o n y e x tra s 2,7oo sq. ti 
B o s le v w o u ld h ove a p p ro v e d of Ihe p ric e an d you w ill too! $52 OOO 
653 435 o 

R E A L T O R S W A L Z E L O ^ F ICT; 
C lo s e to R a n d o lp h , 4 lo r g e tie d ro om s 
Ideal tor lu ig e locntlv 
658 5473 

COLD WEATHER is h ere on d th is 3 2-2 h a s 2 w ood b u rn in g fire p la c e s plu s lots of opei liv in g s p a c e , c a rp e te d w ith g o ld s h a g c a rp e t, cill e le c t r ic h a lv e s ! g o ld kitch e n , lo rg e b a c k y a rd w ith p riv a c y fence. A re a l buy o t $42,5oo 
G E N E W IL S O N 
656 3441 
R E A L T O R 
M L 5 

KEY GROUP 
T E M P O R A R Y hom e on ic 
C O N T E M P O R A R Y h om e on lan d s ca p e d lot, b o s J b e d ro o m s, liv in g ro o m w ith f ir e p la c e , p a n e lin g in fa m ily room A N D g a ra g e ! 
$48,5oo 
R E A L T O R S 
658 7oo7 
Guy Chipman Co. 

B E S T B U Y , low e qu ity 3 
2 to ll b o th *, a p p lia n c e * 
$144 m o N ig h ts 653 6116 

 bedro om , 
. A s s u m e 

C e n t u r y 21 
T R IC O , R e a lto rs 349-6491 
B E T T E R T H A N N E W ! 
B ig , big 3 7 2 den, office, fire p lo ce , o triu m Ftandv to e v e ry th in g . O pen term * 349-65o1, 822 16o1 
Marina Worley Realtors 

C O R N E R 
O F 
O B L A T E a n d 
M C C U L L O U G H L a rg e 3 bedro om , 
J bath, den, te a red . Ideal location. 
N o down to V etera n * 
341 8134 
A B D O 
494 1779 

OLMOS PARK 
FOR THE EXECUTIVE 

2 story brick, with Old World chauri ond foimal entertaining. Nestled on tree studded laige lot among mote expensive homes Central heat att 
Owner financed at low interest Ap pointmen! 

69o-922o Niles 492-1351 
BILLY FELLOWS 

TERRIFIC BARGAINS! 
13434 PATMORE 
4-7-1, control heat and att, carpeting. Appraised $77,85o 
4911 TEASDALE 
3-2-1, central heal and on Ap prances 
Paced under oleo, 
$21,5oo 
4815 CASA MANANA 
3 11, appliances, low equity 
Assume payments $168 ot tent 
$71o 
219 ENCHANTED 
3-2-2, 
Harmony 
Hills, 
Almost 
17oo sq. ft Reduced $1,ooo below appraisal. 
4818 WORDSWORTH 
3 l i t den, central heat and air, 
Reduced 52,ooo 
JOB MCGINNIS 
REALTORS 
3 4 9 - 6 2 1 1 

 w m u n 

EXCEPTIONAL 
Sharp, 
3' bedroom, 
2 bath. 
Con­ temporary home. One of our bott offering* — sunken living room with formal dining area. and family room. A showplace) 
Upper 3o *. George leGrand 
655-o7o7.653-o865. 
WINDCREST 

5915 
WINTERHAVEN. 
4 bedrooms, 3 bath*, luxurious split-level that include* a game room with wet bor, Many extras! 
$85,ooo. 
Tim 
Ashby 
655-o7o7,655-8828 

F IR S T O F F E R I N G 
• POR THE RETIRED • or tor the young A p p e a lin g e x te rio r a n d in te rio r 
2 b e d ro o m * , b lig h t u n ro o n n o r den). C e n tra l heat and hr 
D ouble g a ra g e M o n y b u iltin * 
AIciiik) H eight* H26 2347 
Thelma 6. Preissman 

FIRST OFFERING 
O n C a m b r id g e O v a l, s p a c io u s 2 
■dory hom e in pre stig e A It L o ig e liv in g an d d in in g , 4 b e d ro o m s, de la t h e d o ttlce w ith b a th p in * a r ts 
B e a u tifu l lot 826 JJ4V fro m Ja n u a ry 
4 lo 1oth. 
CAROLYN GRAHAM 
R E A L T O R 
876 8673 A n y tim e 

GARDEN COURT EAST t 2 I. oil crtertrie kitch en, ca rp e te d . la rg e te i ro to e n try h u ll 
A b su m e w ith m onthly paym en t* of $167 
G E N C W IL S O N 
656 3441 
R E A L T O R 
M L S 

KEY GROUP 
IE YOU THINK RIG w ith a sm o ll p o rken hook. you m ust s e c th is p o p u la r C o ro n a d o O la r 
M u ste r b e d ro o m 2.18x1? G u rd e kitch e n an d m u ch m ore 
874 2391 (A n y tim e ) 

OLD CAMELOT 
New on Market, spotless 3 bedroom, 
7 bath with the garage converted to a 74x2? gnmeroom, fireploce in den, walk to oil schools 541,9oo (all 878 
5/o4 

E. TERRELL HILLS 
Newly painted 3 bedioom, 2 both home appliances and drapes remain 
Open team 573,95o fall 878 5/o4 

For COMPLETE DETAILS 
CALL 828-57o4 

CENTURY. 21 

BOB RODGERS, REALTORS 

LOOK AT THISI 
2 p lu s ottlce, w ulk to S h o p p in g 
M o lls , N L S ch o o l* , lo ts of c lo s e t sp ace O w ner a n xiou s. C a ll M ild re d . 
WI; A L I CIR LIV 1121 nile* 698 7114 

APttlilPEJIARO 

LOTS OF EVERYTHING 
C a rp etin g , d ra p e s, teleph on e lock* . 
T V an te n n a , w a lk In clo s e ts , root vents, life tim e lin n e ts , a re a ll pent of th is Im m a c u la te 3 b e d ro o m 
? bath hom e loca te d on the co rn e r lot 
$31.VOCI 

NSS* H 
I 

L O W D O W N P A V M F N T 
C le a n ? be droom , n l i o la ig e lob n ea r t i 
Sum 
S A N T E X C O . R F A L T O R S *43 o46o 
LO W . LO W E Q U I T Y I th is 4 I I w ith fire p la c e . 5 b ig o a k s, la rg e b a ck v a rd , p o lio a n d m u ch m a re 
E or o n ly $16,ooo1 4 14 ? 341 
R E D C A R P E T 

R E A L T O R S , I TAI A O V f I»Th WY 
I M M E D I A T E P O S S E S S I O N ' t x co p tio n a lly nice. better th an now, b e d ro o m s, 2 b a th s w ith art e x tra s 
A s s u m e low e q u ity or re fin a n c e 
Cart 341 4666 N O W ' N ile s J44 7o36 
Don Bouchette 
& CO. IN C R E A L T O R S M L 5 

C O T T A G E C H A R M 
In a roo m y 3 2 2 F in ish e d g a ra g e , w o rkb en ch , sink c o v e re d patio ort den, p riv a c y te n te d fru it tre e s 
M A C R E A L E S T A T E 878 7521 
Cozy and Convenient 
W ils h ir e V illa g e , 2 1 I, c lo s e to sch ools an d F t Sam , $17,5oo FFtA a p p ra is e d 

R E A L T O R S M L S north loop inc. 
828 5436 

BIG KITCHEN 
T h is c o n t e m p o r a r y 3 b e d r o o m hom e is loaded w ith room 2 baths. huge liv in g a re a . h o n d v m an s don bit* g a ra g e S uper N ea t! E q u ity an d assu m e $299 m on th ly p a y m e n t 
LANDMARK. REALTORS 
69o 95o2 

BRAND NEW LEITING 
C o n v e n ie n f to 41o. a 4 b e d ro o m , ? bath hom e w ith a b u ilt in o ffice 2 liv in g a re a s, scre e n e d pa tio 
W H E R E C A N Y O U F I N D a J be dro om , 2 bath hom e u nder *75,ooo in p e rfe ct co n d itio n 7 In S ch ertc. L e t us show you! 
494 3448, A N Y T I M L 

GALE REAL ESTATE 

Wife l i f e 'N C E D A R 3 b e d ro o m . 2 both, t a n t a lic den, lot* of c a rp a l 
$4,532 eq u ity, $298 m o. C o ll 
I N T E R S T A T E 828 o755 tit 8 pm 

828-6391 A n ytim e 
Dean* o « its Co 

BROOKWOOD 
P r e s t ig io u s J b e d r o o m , 2 b o th 
/ c .it 
) e rm o t liv in g a n d d in in g , lo v e ly d e n w ith f ir e p la c e E x t r a la rg e cow ered patio F o r d etail* and view in g, c o ll 653 o57o A N Y T I M E 
WORLD WIDE REALTY 
B Y O W N E R E l D o ra d o 4 be droom . 
2 b u lb , c o v e r e d p a tio , in e r c o m , p riv a te ya rd , co u ld use 4th be dro om 
Os 25o sa ft ga m e roo m , cu l de sac 
M o v in g m u st sell in IO d a y s Wert b e lo w a p p ra is a l a t $.<8 993 B u y e r fin a n c e d 48o2 L a S a lid a 653-5oo5 a fte r 4pm 
B y O w n er, I 
S h e a re r H ills . 3 2(1, fo rm a l d in in g roo m , g a s fire p la c e , sp acio u s ro o m s la rg e y a rd . 146,OOO 
828 4536 or 635 795) 
B Y O W N E R , 3 2 I, K ir b y a r e a . equ ity, assu m e 661 3534 

A L A R G E 4 b e dro om . 2 bath w ith c a r p e t , h e a t a ir , f e n c e d 
$15oo dow n, $225 m o. C a ll 
IN T E R S T A T E 878 o755 til 8 pm 

ALL IN THE FAMILY w ill lik e th e la r g e I h y in g are a J bedroom co rn e r lot M o m w ill lave the sid e by sid e r e fn g . se lf c le a n fig oven, d ish w a sh e r, g a rb a g e dis posal, an d G o d w ill a p p re c ia te the s to rm d o o r a n d la n d s c a p e d y a rd 
A ssu m e 8 - V A ot $276 per m onth 
653-435o 

M 
M i l , L f 
A N E W H O M E with T R E E S ! Th is rock 'n ce d o r. 2 sto ry hom e is oh a la n d s c a p e d , c o r n e r lo t. w ith o n op en liv in g a r e o w ith f ir e p la c e . g a rd e n w in d o w In d in in g ro o m , 4 bedro om s. 2 bath s! 
$5o,95o 
R E A L T O R S 
658 7oo/ 
Guy Chipman Co, 

A P P R O X $6,354. a s s u m e s fh e V A loon at a low 7%t P o y on ly $143 5o per m onth tor 3 b e d ro om hom e w ith lots of pa n elin g 
R E A L T O R S 
$2o,9 

Guy Chipman Co. 

ASSUME S1B8 MONTH 
J i t. 
C a r p e t e d 
L i v i n g a r e o unnoted nice b a c k y a rd 
Cart C U N H A R E A L T Y 
4534)11 

ASSUME VA LOAN 
A v e ry low equity paym ent w ill put you in th is co m fo rta b le 3 bedro om home L o ts of ca rp e t, c e n tra l a n neat N o rth e a st schools, co n v e n ie n t to Ft 
S a m a n d R a n d o lp h 
F o r 
Viewing, cart o/4 5o8J A N Y T IM E ■ 

WORLD RHOE REALTY 

B Y O W N E R L a rg e 3 b e d io o m , 2‘ i b a th . p r iv a c y f e n c e , a r c e s * to p r iv a t e te n m * c o u r t , s w im m in g 
POO! $64 9oo 494 61/9 
B y Owner, n ear sch ools, J I I, cen frat A M, b u ilt ins, fen ced, co v e re d 
PQtiQ. 572 SOO 633 76o1 
B Y O W N E R 
O ft N a c o R d 
3 2 2 
A ppl*, ca rp e t, d ia p e * E q u ity on d 
■ um p 579,9oo 633 348o 
B V a n i R 
R e d u ce d 4 2 2. V o lle y re 7*« V A , $73oo eulty 

BY OWNERS 
F R E E R e fe rro ii to other bontee 
"F o r Sale By Owner 342-9 39J 
Son Antonio Hom eowner* Assoc 

BY OWNER 

 i l l 

Sa tt 3 2. 2oX22' fa m ily room fire p la ce , pa tio w ith barbeque 
G r e e n h o u s e , s t o r a g e s h e d iy e x t r a s 
S t a r k e s t A r e o 
OO 633 Vim, 6-j'i 4>o3 
V a le n 

E L E G A N C E lf you see this ele ga n t hom e you w ill know you have found the one 3 2 2 
B e a u t if u l t h a n d e l le i s in e v e r y ro o m 
E x t r a a n a lit y th rg o u t 
In 
Th ou san d O ak* 562,3oo 824 o1/1 
R E P C A R P E T 

I n e e flf a b so lu ter/ no to s h 
2 be droom , close lo b u slin e 
828 o663 
736 1766 
534 6439 
W A T S O N A SO N R E A L T O R S 

$2,85o EQUITY 
A n d os*am e tow m on th ly p a y m e n ts 
On tm * lo v e ly 3 b e d ro o m I b o th , 
IOO o b r ic k h o m e w ith f ir e p la c e 
Curt now 
656 3ooo A n ytim e 

I El A L T O R S P e r rlcT B e ite l 
I x c e p tio n q l n ic e c a r p e te d I 2 patio, p riv a c y fence. $}4,ooo 238 
G u ilfo rd . 822 o639 
F A I R F I E L D — T h i* c o u ld be to r 
Y O U ! M ost a ttra c tiv e 3 b e dro om , 2 both, c e n tra l h e a l a n d a ir, b u ilt in k itch e n , Ii v in o d in in g i om b in d tio n . lo v e ly n e ig h b o r * 
O n ly $28,ooo 
824o121 A N Y T I M L . 

FAMILY HOME 
4 bedroom s. 2' j ba m s, on ihe chow stre e t of C a m elot. C o m p le te ly c a r 
P a le d , tte m n k e r re frig e ra to r, tre e shaded tot, m u ch m ore $46,ooo 
824 2385 
JO H N M A T H IS 
453 7ooo 
S E IT Z A A S SO C , R E A L T O R S 

FIRST OFFERING 
3 b e d ro o m . Ivy b a th , IoD% b r ic k ham# on a la rg e co rn e r lot R f iced 
In 2o s. A n d C e n tra l a ir o n d heu t, b e a u tifu l h a rd w o o d floor* a n d thi* hom e w ill sell q u ick . set- today 
349 S i l l o r 349-434$ A n y tim e 

Beanie Owens Go 
R E A L T O R S N O R T H C E N T R A I 

F O R F A S T tille s e rv ic e w ith no un n e c e ssa ry de lay let A L A M O T IT L E 
CO handle the D e a l 227 o 2 ll 

• x x x ln C (inn.Int 
N o th in g d o w n to an yo n e I 3 2 2 
SJO, SOO 
84o6 G len 
Shadow 
923 19o4 A i O m eg a R e a lty 923 32o6 

IT’S A DAZZLER 
Som eone w ho c o te s h asT iv e d in th is a b so lu tely . Im m ot ala te 3 bedro om , 
2 b a th h o m e 
F e a t u r e * f o r m a l ro o m s , f a m ily ro o m , c o r p a tin a , d ra p e s , w a te r s o fte n e r, e le c t r ic g a ra g e door opener, s p rin k le r sys tem , co v e re d p o lio w ith S a ltillo h ie stora ge shed, a n d w orth e v e ry b it ol on ly $4o,9oo N ile * 828 8597 

C e n t u r y 21 
M O N E Y S A V E R S R E A L T Y 
656 742o A N Y T IM E 

P R I C E R E D U C E D 
Th is u n iq ue 3 Or 6 b e d ro o m , 3 berth hom e has 1198 sq ll of o g le c h a rm a n d liv e a b ility , g m a rv e lo u s h om e w ith pool on d g a re lK i, set am o n g st to w e lin g o a k s a n d a d e s ig n a te d h isto ric a re a . Cart us now for un ap p oin tm e n t 
826 o6o6 
N ile s 874-91o9 
S U L W E E M S A A S SO C 
KEY GROUP 
* M O N T H S O L D 
J 2 2, b u ilt in kitch e n , sin g le c a rp e l 
. ii liv in g oreci. ce n tra l a ir h ea l. lik e new O wner w ill t a r r y seco nd lien 

453 8131C e n tu r y 21 
I JI B ill P a rk in s k ilty *51 
My *33 3226 

JUST LISTED 
R e la x o ro u n d the fire p la c e In th is new sin g le liv in g a re o hom e w ith 3 bedro om s, 2 b a th s on d e le ctric kit ch a n N E sch o o l d is tric t. Art tm* lo c o n ly 534,ooo o p e n te r m s 
N o clo vin g cost, V A Mite*. 494 6953 
494 7711 
D O N JO H N S O N . R t A L T O R S 

KEY GROUP 

KIRBY 
Y ou ca n a ffo rd th is 3 b e d ro o m , l r b a th h o m e w ith a ir , c o m p le t e ly e q u ip p e d k itch e n an d fe n ce d y a rd w ith ti ie*. O pen term * I a ll 63 I o57o 
A N Y T I M L 
WORLD WIDE REALTY^ 

LADIES! 
H a v e you been lo o k in g tor a hom e w ith o la rg e k ill hen a n d o d d h ■* ut stora ge * ju s t liste d a be au tifu l i 2 w ith s in g le liv in g a r e a w ith tir e p la ce, sep al Ute d in in g , low e q u ity ! 
Beryl Weigand 344 2341. 342 *456 
BO B JO N ES. R E A L T O R S 

KEY GROUP 
L e a vin o town, m ust sell! San P e d ro 
H ills 3 2 2 F ir e p la c e , s p ill le v e l. 
'a i qt bedroom * 494 7o49 
L C $ $ T H A N 34o.ooo 
F o r th is t r u ly Im m a c u la te 3 2 7 
F o rm e r m od el h om e w ith cu sto m b o i l patio, fire p la c e and o v e r s ite d c o u n try k itc h e n l a k y to a s s u m e 
/ -, V A loan or re fin a n c e 824 o171 
R E P C A R P E T 

LET THEM THINK 
YOU’VE SPLURGED! 
D o n 't te ll th e m th e p r ic e Is o n ly 
343,9oo for th is J b e d ro o m . 2 ba th ra n ch hom e w ith g re a t co u n try kit c h o n w ith c a t h e d r a l c a r t in g s lh io o ghoul in F o re s t O ak*. 
C a ll 349 1436 A n y tim e 

 f o r S a le B r O w n e r, T o w n h o u s e 
M o r y m o n t . o ft S t a r t l e * ! , 2 be g room , 7 bath. I leve l, p ro fe ssio n a l iv decorated, m id 3o * 635 53/3 

FT SAM AREA 

E3y ow n e r s a c, fire p la c e , p a tio , a il b n 
•rot. galore, vacan t. 636 o817 

 ii de 

C a m e l o t i i B e o u iiiu i 3 ? ?. u p ptlonces $3/3 dow n p a y m e n ts $29o 
J B J 
674 54o1 
A N Y T I M E 
Cu 1 Helot ii S pan ish 3 2 2 S ep ara te d in in g , to m ily room , co v e re d patio, e xtra* 
$4o,ooo 
S ell or 
Rent. 

2o2 CANTERBURY HILL 
C o lo n ia l B r ic k , 2 s to ry w ith la rg e b e a u tifu l ro o m * , h ig h c e ilin g * , 4 bedro om *. J both*. J co r g a ra g e q u a rte r* C h o ice loca tio n 5177,ooo 
826 847o 
Frances Altnett O’Neill 

CLOAR AND GLASS 
O pen ond a n t v with lots of sty Ie an d p ric e d r ig h t 1 C le a n e r them new , 3 b edroom s. 2 boths, $34,5oo 

•28-6391 A n ytim e 

Beanie Owens Co 
1oo3 N E L oop 41o ortice 

 b a a l 
T t i 

C O M P A S S R E A L T Y 
494 16o1 494 3o17 

_________ TNC, R E A L T O R 
463 L I N C O L N S H I R l ' 
N o dow n p a y m e n t to V e ts C h o ice lo c a tio n , s m a ll I b e d ro o m h o m e , t o m o le ie ly r e m o d e le d 
3)o 73 , 34 ) 8 ) 34 
A B D O 
*9* J i l t 
C ivil OAfc B E A U T Y 
51 
$24o 
67$ le v i, 6?1 572o. 4/3o )5 2 
P O IN T E R R I A L E S T A TE 
L I V E T H E G O O D L I F E ' ig f 

RO SSI R E A L T Y 

MOVE IN NOW 
A ttra c tiv e 3 bedro om . 2 both hom e w ith t in g le g n r u o c 
R a n g e , re 
Irig e ra to r. d is h w a s h e r am ) d ls p o sal A ssu m e tow m ir ie s t V A not# or re fin a n c e F o r detail* an d v iew in g , 
(O il 653o57o A N Y T I M L 
W M l l 
REALTY _ 

MR EXECUTIVE 
< h a rm in g 4 2 2. c a rp e tin g , cu sto m d ra p e * , la r g e f a m ily ro o m w ith 
(ii eplor e. over IVOO sa tt of lu x u ry liv in g A ssu m e or refirum . e P ric e d at $3o,3oo 
G E N E W IL S O N 
656 3441 
R E A L T O R 
M L S 

KEY GROUP 
NEAR CENTRAL PARK 
C le a n 3 b e d ro o m hom e, 2 ba th neat 
C e n tra l P a rk M a ll Lo w IO* O w n er vet v an x io u s 
C O M P A S S R E A L T Y 
494 HOI 494 JOI? 
N E A R H O U S T O N A N D IH IO, I a r r i w ith 2 th re e b e d io o m h a u te * u n d l i j i ut g a ra g e , le p o n * needed 
O w n er c a r r y w ith sm art dow n C o ll 

H U G H E S A B R IS C O L 
.................................... 
333 9338 

New Home Under $5o,ooo 
A t e you s e a r c h in g fo r a c u s to m b u ilt new h o m e u n d e r 33o,OOO 
I be au tifu l hom e* a v a ila b le for under 
33o UDO in Ihe San P e d ro H ill* a re o 
C O M P A S S R E A L T Y 
694 16o1 oo4- ID U 
N E W L IS T IN G ! H A V E Y O U S E L 
TH IS S U P E R B N E W S U B U R B ? On a p p r o x im a t e ly I a c re * , s w im in your aw n pool. L u x u ry cu stom b u ilt 
I be droom . 2 love ly bath, la rg e liv m g roo m , d u a l fire p la c e to fa m ily r o o m , s e p u ia le d in in g , f u lly e q u ip p e d k ilt h e n , c a r p e te d a n d d ra p e d plu s ca b an a , g a rd e n house a n d m o re 
P r i c e $ 99 ,5 o o 
C u ll 
142 3211 A N Y T IM E 
ROSOW & KLINE 
L A I T Qf2 S SO o f t k U *)! 

N E W Y E A R S S P E C I A L 
N o r t h r id g e 
3 f o r g e b e d r o o m * , fa m ily s u e d den, llv m q d in in g com bo, o v e rtire d dirt g a ra g e on sh o d y co rn e r to! 828 6 IV I 

_ CLINT LEAKE 
N O D O W N TO A N Y O N E I bed rewin on b ric k hom e. fen ce d y a rd , large* tree* $18o m a 
R O SSI R E A L T Y 
494 / /» ! 
N o dow n to an yon e F 
3 bedro om *. I bath s, la rg e tone od v o id , p a y m en ts less than re n t 
344 3o9) B O B D e P A O L O R E A L TO R 

NORTHERN HILLS 

828 8241 
D O N JO H N S O N . R E A L T O R S 

IT $ E A S Y TO P L A C E A 
E X P R E S S N E W S 
W A N T A O m 
1444 

 l i n g 

Open Monday thru Friday 8 A.M. to 5:3o P.M. 
DEADLINES: 
M o n d a y thru Thursduy 
5 OO P M , for F o llo w in g D o y 
F rid a y 1 :3 o for S a tu rd a y 
Frid a y 5 P M . for S u n d a y 
Friday 5 :3 o P M . For M o n d a y 

C L O S E D S A T U R D A Y A N D S U N D A Y 

C a n ce lla tio n s an d C o rre ctio n s c a n bu mad# 

M o n d a y thru Frid a y 8 A M til 5 .3 o P M 

The t ip le s s N ew * C o r p accep t* re ip o n n b iiM y 

 to r e rro r* the fir*! d o y o f p g b fic o b o n o n ly 

N O R T H R I D G E 
P A R K 
H e ig h t* S c h o o l* 
B e a u tif u l dro om . 7 bath, den, do able ga 
N e w P oin t Inside a n d o u i C* h e a l, la r g e lot 
I i 

JIM VIA REALTOR 

NORTHWOOD AREA 

 r a r p e t a n d dr 

BUDDY DECKER 

( h 
NORTHWOOD 

C 
(of. t DTD# Cllffi Grid GD Mi# t* ro o m o v trto G * oak 
oo**o g n o vord. <Jeio fut«fU w ith a f lo it . y r»«Hff 
824 o*o* 
N ile s $14-6689 
S U E W E E M S A A S SO C 

KEY GROUP 

P age 
8 -P 
S a n A n to n io E X PR E S S - N E W S — 
Satu rd a y January 8 1 9 7 7 

E 
X 
P 
R 
E 
S 
S 
- 
N 
E 
W 
S 
IB 
O r n 
« 
S 
A 
A 
S 
2 
L I N E S 
$ 
1 
NON COMMERCIAL! 
CANCELLABLE 
WITHOUT 
RATE CHANGE 
2 2 5 - 1 6 6 6 
QUICK RESULTS! 

^ HOMES— NORTHEAST )( 2 1 o ) 

WINDCREST 
All the trimmings in this luxury ex ecutive home, 4 bedrooms, 3 baths, 3 tor gornoe, corner lot plus fine features Owner relocating 
Coll to see Mites 826 /668 
UNDER $3o,ooo 
End of the hunt! 3 bedrooms, 2 baths, separate living room, dining and fomily room, split bedroom or rongement, mony extras, consider 
VA CAII NOW'Niles 8267668 
WILSHIRE TERRACE looking for investment property, good eguity buy, low monthly f ioyments, near Ft. Sam, trees, bus ines, don t wait Nites 8267668 
TERRELL HILLS 
3 bedroom home on large lot near 
Ft. Sam and downtown, huge trees, owner will carry financing, 
Terrell Hills, Aloma Hats Schools 
Niles 824 9818 
VALENCIA 
Nearly 21oo sq. ft beautifully landscaped Colonial 4 bedrooms on cul de soc, near pool, club, tennis and El Dorndo Elementary in better than new condition Niles 341 - 
28o3 
RANDOLPH AREA 
Under $3o,ooo buys you a 3 bedioom, 2 both, double garage home within walking distance of elementary school, (urge lot sur rounded by trees, immediate or cupancy Niles 658 1428 
WILSHIRE TERRACE 
First listing 
3-2-1, beautifully decorated, carpet thru out, s/c oven and roof approx 2'/i years old, water heater and garbage disposal new New paint in and oui, fence lot with trees Assume 
5 % % VA loon. Niles 656 8218 
MEADOW WOOD NORTH 
Practically new, spotlessly dean 3 
2-2, nicely landscaped, trees, pnvncy fenced, move iii now Niles 
656 8218 
FOR THE CHOOSEY 
See this very popular Dakota floor pion, approx IS M sg ft 3 2 2, large fireplace, coveted polio, a really low assumption in El Dorado 
Extra dean and paint is like new 
Niles 822 9438 
6 5 5 - 6 8 4 8 i i l u r t u n s o u t h w p s i r e a l t i 

O P P N A C O G D O C H E S ! bedroom. cur, big fenced yard Less than SISO move in cost No payment til Men r h 
Great Am erica Realtors 69o 98o? 

O FF SA N P E D R O 
4 bedroom, 2 brith, den. firebirde, plush carpet, cathedral ceiling. m icro wove oven, electric kitchen, biglot 349 6*o1,826 69o1 
Martha Worley Realtors 
O F F T O E P P E R W E IN B O th e broom s, 2 baths, appliances. air 
SJOO moves you in, W orth tirst payment 
o96 742o W A Y N E S L A T E R 674 6126 

OLD ALAMO HEIGHTS 
F IR S T O F F E R IN G 
Stately, all white an c*. 4 bedroom hom e, m aster suite has sittin g room, unsubtly nice dctatebed guest room ond a studio or playroom pius maid S quarters with kitchen 7,Simi mtir.rn! large lot 
826-o6o6 
Niles 822 96!8 
S U E W E E M S A ASSOC 
KEY GROUP 

POPULAR AREA 
A h ou se full of e x tra s is what vot will fin d in this n ew 4 bedroom both hom e, located on a quiet tut dr s a c 
E x t r a in su latio n k e e p s thi utility b ills low O n ly S/.4 /od nile , 
492 2831 
494 7711 
DO N JO HNSO N, R E A L T O R S 
KEY GROUP 
Q U IC K P O S S E S S IO N ^ 1 of this 3 or 4 bedroom 2 boti 
IO E Terrell HUH Hats Wall turnout built m gos et 

 ran ge . disposal, oisnw ash* 

»9t n u r e a l t o r s 
3*91o47 
R E D C A R P E T 
R E A L T O R 
J41 1847 
EDYTHE 6. COOPER 
R E D U C E D IN P R IC E 

R E A L T O R S 
Guy Ctiipman Co. 

R E D U C E D t i OOO 

 huge fireplace, on r ut de sat ond mn or ae covered screened boho with boat BHO Northeost School- 
Owner anim us E a sy assum ption 
L u ,- ler YA TH A JIT 45o), 822 I6ot 

Martha Worley Realtors 

REDUCED 
Springfield m anor near W indier 
Pork Man UMH) sa h 
I bedroom 
(m aster 19x1)1. }• paths, large nemo area, immor alate condition 

M onte Horton 144 2)41 Ai) STJ* 
B O B JO N ES. R E A L T O R S 
KEY GROUP 

Reduced To $32,95o 
W a s S U SOO and worth m o r e ’ A n i laos seder for this 4 bedroom home 
Loaded wan carpet and m ony e« tro s 
R e a s o n a b le equity and as so m e S 189 m o n th ly at t h ' 
P ro p e rt y is o n ly 7 y e a r s o ld 1 
82*6)4). eves 653 9596 
Cornelius & Associates 

E H O M ES— NORTHEAST ^ ( 2 ? p ) 
( H O M t S - N O R T H W i s i T ) ( 2 1 2 ) 
( h O M t S - M O R T H W t S T ( S T S ) 
( H O M f S - N O R T H W t s T j C f f i ) 
( H O M E S -N O R T H W t tt ) ( j T ? ) 
Q 

I 
H 
I 
^ 

KOMIS— NORTHWEST 

TERRELL HILLS 
IMMACULATE ond VACANT All brick 2 2-2. Formal living, dining, counfry si**! kit­ 

 c he n Fully carpeted, with pine paneled den, T W O 
FIREPLACES. In the 4o s 
VALENCIA 
Charming 3-2-2, ON! LIVING 
ARFA, garden kitchen with breakfast area. 
Freshly painted and fully draped. 
$ 3 2 ,9 5 o 
69o-98o2 

I O R E A f 

A 
M 
I R I C A 
Rf At.lr.Hts 

JEFFERSON AREA 
2 of 3 bedroom, wit* cemftototy Equipped dciuic kitcHtn Indwfma Ifaik compactor postilion 172,ooo 
NEAR UTSA 
All th* kite IMN opp! tam** rf mo hi hi tfcu w*l! kept 3 bedroom J bath hornet with doubles garnet $28,9oo 
6 9 9 - 3 o o o 
Turtle Creek Area 

 r Beanie Owens 
RI A! TORS-M IS 

THE JOLLY GREEN GIANT and hts bio family could fit into this huge 4 bedroom , 2 bath a n d den nome wan fireplace, bookshelves and al* the other hom ey features 
You ii love a too 
Colt 349-143* Anytime 
BASSE WEILBACHER 
INC. R E A L T O R S 

THE SOUND OE SILENCE rounds you >n tm* 4 bedroom 

Colt 149 141* Anytime 
BASSE WEILBACHER 
INC R E A L T O R S 
U N B E A T A B L E T E R M S 

 down low Closing costs O nly 
IS? SOO J49I479 
Hector J Herheck Inc , Realtor* 
U n iv e rsa l City. i 2 2 fireplace lim e d patio built rn*. sc, loan it * son 6SH o249 
V AC A N T 
! bedroom 
I bath refrigerator, 
Sim i jar tinge disposal In starlight 
I err ore lust od IM Is North Not In east sr hon!* Only SIS Sod I H A VA 
Conventional J49 6*o3, 824 69o1 
Martha Worley Realtors 

RENT WITH OPTION 
Im m aculate J bedroom J both, J cor garage Electric kilt hen ha* range, dishw asher and retngera tor 
Only SCHU per month 
Better 
H arry • 
656-3ooo A n y tim e 
Deanie Owens Co 
RF Al TORS Perrin Belle* Oft 

V E R Y CGW FOCHT Y bedroom ? bath lu r gat ripe s Id IO . Or , b ed room r-g p il, niter *?5iifl owner will tarry part ail tor detail. 
Niles feSi'i/it/ ai 

Century 21 
H A P R E S E R *S) 6182 Anytime 

VILLAGE NORTH 
Super 4 bedroom. 2 both 2 cai gar age, covered patio, taipei drape* 
A ssu m e 1214 p aym ents or le fm ante 
Walk way to 
Serna 
Elementary 
658 1535 A n y tim e 
Deanie Owens Co 
R E A L T O R S R A N D O L P H O FF 

WALK A CROOKED MILE? led 
o» 

RIDGEVIEW b«»ot J feed#aom, 2 bath bor with M 'ix ir ole rom ii v room on qt street r»ut cio *« to m olt* Both ya rd I a n d h o u b t tit b e a u tifu l c o n d itio n 

M e n u or 149 414J Anytime 
Deanie Owens Co 
R E A L T O R S N O RTH ct N t R AL 

SAN PEDRO HILLS " 
Nf*« Contem porary energy va Vin 9 
♦tamti tm in * so ^ 
W iP P * IWC* I 
W itt J bedroom 2 tMi»r»v fireptq< i 

Guy P M or COM 492 2$6£ Of 69o '222o 

 find the loveliest view in San tvd ra 
H ills A 4 b ed roo m beauty with y b e a u tify I vu *d pi u t rn a d v • » tr o v 
349 4443 349 S U I Anytime 
Deanie Owens Co. 
W E L C O M E IN T H E N l~ A VC A K * f reshly pointed I Drdrodm home 
Aith open h y in g cjr» j 
C lo se to 
W w hhcr M u m lo o p 4 IO and in N orth fast Sr hoot D istin c t Open Terms 
$26 9oo 494 /BSI A N Y T IM ! 
ROSOW 8 KLINE 

W IFE P L E A S E R 

 m. I batt m l d oub t) 
6S6 12)4 

 ly h o m i 
SECLUDED AREA 
Y ou ll enioy living in this u n o t m o s p b e r e corner tot, I tai f ire p la c e , extra lo o m 'o i i utility ro om P a y m e n t* 1237. /-. V A loan 
658-3535 A n y tim e 
Deanie Owens Co 
R E A L T O R S R A N D O L P H O FF 

R E D C A R P E ! 

WIFE TIME GUARANTEE 

A ith fire i* 
(hay*, pf off*. 

. fomtiv if petea 
Kl si ape 

 ne lobed patio VV if ti cor pvt 

Century 21 
M O N E Y S A V E R S R E A L T Y 
6SA 242o A N Y T IM E 

WINDCREST BY OWNER 

SEE IT FIRST thi« 
The first $1 
Bedroom hoi 
Rear Ft rn Nay%t( p u r c h a s e d V A , I H A tfynaHoyy. for yigt&im, 

WORLD WIOF REALTY 
S o o n i s h t o n * * m j o r o r \t fcSScteJt 
4 2 2, 2om ^ fam ily r a a m fir etriCK e. a r t is t (gff. t o r a a l d in in g ro o m cove red oo*1o. h ic I* air, a p o W n e v 
# * C a H f a f t e rm 
o 
# 
# r ref I n a n e t $S4.of o 
Atilt lr cid# on fcftiaiitr b e tm e 
$44-3o9! B O B De P A C I O ft E A L T O M 

418 SUMNER 
3 bedroom , t both, re u tra l heat c o n d itio n e r*, fe n c e d y a rd , ft 
$16,5oo 7)5 S ill 
L E S E D G A R 714 421} 

 lr OOm home, vide enf r y country view from tear id It IOO p a n e L a rg e 
-i with fireplace Ski YOO tg R idge 
6*3 7271 
B r 
IPI 

W IN DSO R P A R K M A L L A R C A 
N o d ow n a n y o n e ' 3 4 b e d ro o m *, som e u p p n u n cf* N E 
*ch ga l* l*t paym ent M a tc h 7/ ll) 9616 24 H r* T E R R A R E A L T Y 

?t? KOMES NORTHWEST 
H i i A R £ A! N ' 
. 
,,!■ 
J- 2 7. carpc'fii. Qff covfr#d patio 
13/S ftiore in cast. 
M arch first poym#n# 
*96/42o W A YN E S L A T E R 144 891* 

 l b AC HUGE OM S 
1.6oo * q It rock hom e electric fireplace, dog tan, le a r , nice 
828-6*65 
71* 176* 
714-4117 
W ATSON A SON R E A L T O R S 

IT $ E A S Y TO P L A C E A 
E X P R E S S N EW S 
W ANT AD >25 1*46 

$53,ooo.oo 

WOODS OF SHAVANO 

1 4 2 1 5 
G olden 
W o o d * by 
Aquarius 
Homes. 
BREATHTAK 
IN G decor A TOTAL Fiome. TREE 
ST U D D E D IO T ! 4 9 2 2 5 3 o 

Ev«$. 6S6-ooo/. 

$33,65o.oo 
THUNDERBIRD ESTATES 

6 o 1 I W hite Cloud by H P. O rts 
Const, Co. A 3 2 2 with H ILLSIDE 
V IE W 
See 
Q U A LIT Y at a 
\ 
REALISTIC PRICE. 
1 o o % V A or 
' 
FHA. 6 8 4 1 3 8 6 

(yes 341-o416. 
\ 

2o28 Sq FI 
C A M E : L O T . 4 b e d r o o m . J S t o r y hom o with Kl R L PL ACT 2' . baths 
D o c o r a to i w a d e n v o i m g in > be­ d roo m s and din in g Water softener t o o '' V acan t O pen term s bv a n x ­ ious seller11 828 o) it, eves 661 9'j96 
Cornelius & Associates 

STOP HERE! 
This owner «s reoctv to talk terms 
Spar ions I Bedroom with Beautiful far pet, central heat and air $23, SOO 

828 6391 A n y tim e 
Deanie Owens Co 
IOO) NL Loop TIO office 
2 ST O R Y 
On Cul De Sot lust oft Norogrtnr hes 
Road 
B ig b a r b q u e a n d m a n y other extras Call 822 SHo8 
E D GIL B E R T R E A L T O R S 

$43,ooo.oo 
LARKSPUR 

I 3 o 2 3 Larkyorke by la rry Von derhider. 
H e re s a BEAU TY at 
1 9 7 5 prices 
Recently completed 
3 2 2 L O A D E D with Q U A LIT Y! 
See T O D A Y ! 8 2 8 6 3 4 3 

{yes 656-ooo7. 

WANT A CUSTOM BUILT 
HOME? 

M a y b e you can't find what you're looking for and wont a custom design home. See our Carl Cud ney and he will select the area anc) builder that will best suit 
Y O U R N E E D S 8 2 8 6 3 4 3 

I VAS 656-ooo7. 

$3o,ooo 
THOUSAND OAKS 

1 9 o 8 Broken O ok by S W Texas 
Corp 
T O W N H O U S E , C on d o 
2 
"2 V ? - 1 
FIREPLACE - A l l kitchen 

 a p p l i a n c e s , c a r p e t e v e r y 
W H ERE! V A 8 2 8 6 3 4 3 
(v9s 653-9596. 

$64,ooo.oo 
OAK TERRACE ESTATES 

3 1 1 9 Chisholm Trail by Two D ou ble T Co. Just completed for the 
RIG H T 
FAM ILY. 
BEAUTIFULLY 
DETAILED and READY. Side entry garage. 8 2 8 6 3 4 3 . 
\ 
I m * 653 9596. 

- V - 

D E Z A V A L A l r 

$47,8oo.oo 
LARKSPUR 
1 3 3 2 2 larkbrook by H om es of 
Pride, Inc. FIN A L stages of com ­ pletion. C O L O R SE L E C T IO N C A N 
BE 
Y O U R S. 
HURRY 
Q U IC K 
F O R 
BEST 
SE LEC T IO N 
5 od- 
| ditional homes available. 
8 2 8 - 
6 3 4 3 
Evas 653-9596. 
$41,7oo.oo 
LARKSPUR 

1 3 1 3 9 lokab b ey by D on oho & 
Sons. 
Priced 
B E L O W re­ placement 
O FFER S IN V IT E D 
3- 
2 2 with FIREPLACE, CARPET and 
M U C H , 
M U C H 
M O R E . 
See a 
B A R G A IN ! 8 2 8 6 3 4 3 . 
Eves 655-8o7o. 

 lo 

S U P E R B U Y! 
L E E D IS T R IC T 
Dellwood Area, lots of living arna in this J bedroom, 2 tile bath home 
Area very nice In the 2o s 
349 S ill or 349 434) Anytime 
Deanie Owens Co 
R E A L T O R S N O R T H C E N T R A L 

REALTOR4 

S U P E R 
In Fox Run Northeast School Ois inc* Beautifully maintained home only 18 m onth* old 
All d ra p e * remain. 3 2 2 L arge fam ily room with elegant lireplor e H u rry 1 Only 
SJV SOO 824 O I/I 
R E C A R P E T 

SWITCH 
N o m paving you*’ landlord to POV mg your own house payments Low equity and low payment of S/OS i month witi m ove vow into a 3 I droom hom e w ith 7 baths on a co rn e r lot near M a d is o n and 
MacArthur Assum e H 
, VA. 
653 435o 
Deanie Owens Co 
R E A L T O R S W A L L E M O F F IC E 
T E R R E L L H IL L S *4o.5oo 
I ai ge updated older home on big tot F xcetlent boor pion tor fam ily needing mother in low ocrom odo lion* 824 OI7I. Nights 6S4 84JI 
R E D C A R P E T 

STOP! 
THIS IS IT! 

Convenient to whools. molls, churches, REDECORATED 3 bedroom, one large bath Owner must re 
Iatole Niles 6S8 1428 
TOWNHOME 

Priced to sell at 535,ooo 3 bed rooms, 2 baths with all appliances inrluding washer ond dryer, new cocpet, excellent location, tm maculate and immediate posses sion OPEN TERMS Niles 826 7668 

DAT OR NITE 
65S-6848 

, m a r t o n 
I s o u t t m c s t 

 r e a l t y 

GREY FOREST 
All cock, J bedroom with running sfceom, completely paneled, central heot ond mr. hi/‘plate ond guesthouse Approx I ocre Hurry, call todoy 
BULVERDE HILLS 
75% cock 4 2 2 with central heot ond att, single flying otea, fireplace ond torrid on S acres Dont won coil 
494-5571 
Nit** 349-4836 

A D A M S H IL L beautiful git br.rx I bedroom, 7 Doth, double garage on 
O corner lot A home to enioy. coll now 
H U G H E S A B R IS C O E 
__________ 
673 3474 ct a o n 
I I I, fam ily r porn roe fenced ya rd g o rden. cut de 
I sue, excellent condition 673 6o52 

A GLOWING FIRE 
I* the best relaxer known to man 
This borne in C harter O a ks ba everything including a h o p tarn I b e d ro o m s) S o o n is h in d e sig n 
Beautiful k Ile hen SS I.DOO 344 4)48 
Grace Arnold 
RF. AL T O R S M C S 

 a home von wlti love Is entertain in 
<*)o sq ft I baths Iii 19 party mom 
Den with fireplace L a rg e living, riming ond kitchen On 2 tree beti s in Milt Country Village Also barn with horse stall M u st see to op bretnote VCI OOO 
KorZekWi Really 3493151 
A home you will love Lo enter lam in 
TOOD sci it J path*. 14* 19 M r fy room 
Den with fireplace t o rg p (iv(PU, dining and kite hen On 7 free OI res in Miff Country Village Also barn with horse ' toll M u vt see to Of) predate $91ooo 

KorZekWa Realty 349 3151 

A L L B R I C K 
1 7 ? . h uge fam ily room fireplace. ult b u iltin * t x t r o lot ae lot 
N e a r 
M ed Center 
Don t n u * * this 
Carl 
Puppy 
*44 6444 
Nile* 644 o135 
TERRILL REALTY 
M L S 

ALL BRICK etk-rson, 3 J den, centro! heot a ir, eautdgl drape*, v o rd close to Du* 
Marne Horton 344 1)41. 453 5963 
BO B JO N ES, R E A L T O R S 
KEY GROUP 
A LL B R IC K L U X U R Y 
Only S I IOC dow n on fbi* im m aculate 
) 2 2, c a r p e t e d h o m e b e a m e d arched d in in g area. sp a rta n * living, huge m a tte ' d e r o r a » o r P a th * cove red bubo . tim thed g a ra g e In 
Leon V alle y Won f last S i * 9/5 l i t 4 5 4 5 P H IA K O S R E A L T Y 24 h r* 
A M E R IC A N A 
ICP f?(NJ down $>io moi 
J6VI, 67J 6/2o 
P O I N T E R r e a l e s t a t e 

A PATIO HOME 
I u#orv I J1 
/ townhouse 2 view y 
Built in brichen appliances tut pet mg d ruid s Appt P i imp I# tv I ACO va ft 
$*J ISO easy assumption 
6/A Siin 

PROFESSIONAL REALTY 
A R E A L B A R G A IN i Bt d roo m * p ath *, la r g e liv in g a re a , c a rp e t 
$38oo eauity *243 m o Coli 
IN T E R S T A T E 478 o755 til 4 pm 
ARRO W M O U N D gthis *po< iou* 3 bedroom . ? ', bam nom e with over 7)oo *a ft is nettled in o se c lu d e d location with m o n y trees to enhance it* beauty A lso a heated p o o l and m a n y e x t r a * 
$79 DUO 
R E A L T O R 
491-1166 
Century 21 
E L A IN E LU OW IO A ASSOC 

127 BEAL 
3 b e d ro o m *. ? b a m o ld e r h o m e 
Need* so m e rep air 
C on ve nien t to sh o p p in g b u * unit tcNoCii O w ne r will fin a n c e lu c ille B ie r tc h w o ie 
144 7141 
144 5549 
B O B J O N E S , R E A L T O R S 
KEY GROUP 
Beautiful J I J brick on com *, tot 
*4* OOO A ta u n t* pretent loan of t i).DOU It ntce tta ry, owner will toke part of down payment on 7nd leon note Wilt snow haute on Son day at 64o1 H a n d *# * L ak e tm mediate occupancy *64 i i i * 
B E A U T IF U L 3 I 7 
*4oo down paym ent* $35o month 
6/5 1*91 67 1 o35? 62) 5/2o 
P O IN T E R R E A L E S T A T E 

ALL HOMES OPEN SAT. & SUN. I TO 6 
CORNELIUS 

*46,5oo.oo 
WINDCREST 
8 9 o 5 W ilm on W a y by S W Texas 
Corp T O W N H O U S E N O C O N ­ 
D O FEE. Two story and L O A D E D with 
EXTRAS. 
FIREPLACE, 
AP- 
P L IA N C ES, 
A U T O 
G A R A G E 
D O O R O P E N E R 
M U C H M O R E!! 
8 2 8 6 3 4 3 . 
Eves 653-9596. 

$37,65o.oo 
WOODSTONE 

1 3 4 1 9 
W okew ood by 
Royal 
Crest, Inc. SP A C E and LU XU RY com bined at 
N EV ER A G A IN - 
PRICE. 22 ft. master bedroom. 
FIREPLACE and inside utility. O nly 
3 homes left. 
$ o dow n 
VA. 
Q U IC K M O V E -IN ! 6 5 3 -o 4 7 9 . 
Eves 655-8o7o. 

$27/4oo.oo 
BRISTOL PLACE 
5 9 o 6 
W o o d a ll 
Dr by 
Royal 
Crest Inc. Builder s model C L O S E 
O U T. 
RIG HT 
PRICE! 
Includes 
FIREPLACE!! 
1 o o % 
V A 
N O 
C L O S IN G C O ST . M ove in N O W , 
1st payment APRIL 1st - W O W !! 
8 2 8 6 34 3 . 
/ 
Eves 653-9596. 

NEED TO SELL BEFORE 
BUYING? 

Trades sometime causes loss. The dealer seldom is the LO SER, lf you need to sell or having little luck in getting your property sold, see one of our professionals. 
C O M E 
TO SEE C O R N E L IU S S 
A S S O C IA T E S . 
4 4 1 2 
Rittm an 
Rood. 8 2 8 6 3 4 3 . 

(HOMES— NORTHWEST 
C HOMES— NORTHWEST ) ( 2 ? 2 ) 

I M a w 
& 
T I T L E 

& 
ASSOCIATES[ 8 2 ^ 6 3 4 

B E A U T I F U L 
4 2 2 in 
T W IN 
C R E E K 
H o * a p p lia n c e s , c o r p n thru out. F IR E P L A C E 
L e s s than 
*18oo lo gel in H U R R Y 1 
Great Am erica Realtors 69o 98o2 
4 5 B E D R O O M H O M E S 
Hollyw ood P a rk C le m Creek 
Gene 
FIoiq 
Custom 
Builders 
731 o261 

4 BEDROOMS - 2 BATHS 
O n ly *2 9 ,5 o o a n d c o n v e n ie n t to 
S h e n a n d o a h 1 
IOO c o r b e le d 
Se p a rated m a ster b ed roo m , la rge 
D M v o t y fe n c e d y a r d 
W a lk to schools 142 41 7/. odes, A.56 oJJ3 
BILL S O U T H E R N R E A L T O R 

5-4-3 BEDROOMS! 
3 4 BATHS! 
$79,5oo TO S115,ooo! 
8’/*% INTEREST AVAILABLE! 

OAK VALLEY OAKCREEK NWI 
9 m o d e ls o p e n d a ily , s p a c io u s . 
U r a n o u s liv in g , o r g a n a ! d e sig n s. will trode 

MIKE KINDER BLOB. 696-833o 
BIG C O R N E R 
3 bedroom , 2 both den. big kitchen, all c arp e te d On H o b v rid g e f n a 
V A or a ssu m e 349 6*o3,656-6796 
. Martha Worley Realtors 
B R A N D N E W 
A rro ti from M orsholl Hi. one I be droom, one 4 bedroom, 2 both both with fireplace* in biq den, neor UT 
SA and Medical Complex. Low 4o'* and open term* 
O AK H IL L S T E R R A C E 
4 veer* ot TLC have made Ha* 3 2-2 a show place L arge tom ily room with fireplace, near Medical Center. 
Low 4o * 
D E L L V IE W D O LL 
Fully carpeted, tuber cleon. 3 be droom. living ond den New paint, close lo school* and bu* 
Only 
*32,ooo 
Century 21 
Whitehead Holiday 
684-37! I 
R E A L T O R S 
B R A N D N E W -oot ► 3 bedroom *, living dining, close to shopping 
*1S(W down. *215 mo. Cab 
IN T E R S T A T E 474 o75* III 8 pm 
Bv Owner, tf,h o ond assum e 3 2-J, in University Oak*. IIT SA Medical f amplek 
I min oway 
Not a Cry mg dime less 69o 1o58 

B Y O W N E R a bf^Jrpohis, I ft iii baths, stuffy rim with fireplace living dining room c nm ho, alt di»C Tpk k ilfhf-n with pot mg at mo. intercom system , on pp piny ocre with large* oak tm rs on cut ric* soc * The Summit, Coloni!?*» 
North, wolk to Cl em anti middle v hopis, bus pickup pf corner hi st ti pp!, ne or U T SA U SA A and AA#»d 
( enter Too mony n itro s to list Bv gppt only r>/o OIS9 
•T"""-OWN L R 
HtJQ pit POH 
Clinton Boi'tm ann, tai go rn suite, on cut de soc SJO OO1 appt 8.'8 2144 

 bulb ith lr 

Bv owner, V bed' nom. I bulb, den, 
*24 4UQ negotiable 681 21o4 
By Owner, S2Wo equity, assum e 7'x 
JA, *225 monthly 
I bedroom I' . both. c e n tra l a ir a n d heal. dishwasher, electric stove 684 239S 
Atter 5pm 
By owner J 2 2 F I. Fontcishc' 3222 
Townev Oaks, by opt H4 29o2 i rr s w - H i r It oily wood Park I 2 2 large oak ( Overed lot garden, stor age shed Reduced to *4o.ooo 111 
Donatio 494 371o or 494 67o) 
BY O W N E R 
I eon Volley i 2 I L urge fam ily tutti) with fireplace sepcuute itvin groom $32oo eauity F IR M />« 
VA loon 684 7o2« 
BT O W N ER 
2 miles from U T SA ? (ilks Elem school Babcock North Luxurious 
Townhome 7 bedroom*. 2 ’ bath*, carp eted , ce n tro! o ir all ap chances Refinance ar assum e low egg by I ; .. *2».5(K) 69t I SOU 
BY O W N E R 
I g * bv few f-^tatfs,. j 2 7. firepioct. privotv fenc «* re of m e t Moving. mutt so m b re auirkfy lib.OOO Com 
-$496 Or 684 M>4/ atter 7pm 
I V O W N ih fT veer old Leon Valley 
3 7 7. sunken living room, formal dining room. cathedral ceiling*, lamely room with fireplace *46.5o6 
6*1 1941 No agent* please 

• • • • • • • • • • • • 

CASILE HILLS 
REAL COZY 

LOWER TAXES 
) bedrooms I bain* m u toted wet bur Fireplace Lee Hi *47.5oo 

FRANCIS LEVENSON 
21*73*4 
A N Y T IM E 
712 49*1 

CHAMPAGNE TASTE 
Then im * is the house. Castle Hills, 
4 7' j, den with fireplace lovely pool. 
Deou M glly landscaped yard in a seclu ded a re a 
T O O M A N Y TO 
LIST Call detail* 
Monte Horton 144 2141, 4*3 *914 
BOB J O N E !. R E A L T O R S 
KEY GROUP 

 e CHIRM KND STYLE * p fcr^P fttfy thi% £ r e n t h hom e w ith 
Su n k e n liv in g a n d d in in g ro o m s tai {$o itr&oiocM hom ily room **tr» t**panlive use pf glass spitiiio toe beam ed c t Mill#- J i 7 Sy n $ h ih t kit i ben $64,SOO 1/6 244/ 
Thelma B.Preissnian 

CHARTER OAKS 
This lovely 4 bedroom nom#, tea l t '9 * a Mjrge H y in g u re a with cathedral ceiling* and huge Hr# puree on pretty tot and prestigious greu Tm* thor mer i* priced of only 
*6o VOO Nile* 696 75*5 
424 1741 
D O N J O H N S O N . R E A L T O R * 
KEY GROUP 

COLONIES NORTH 
Only ♦ year) old, with oyer 23oo sq ft in this 4 2 2, CHOICE 
LOCATION! Combination living ond dining, family room, in tertom 
- mote! 
GORGEOUS. 
$62,9oo 
PARK FOREST 
8mnd new Traditional style 3 bedroom. 2 bath on wooded lot 
Single living, corner fireplace, huge kitchen with built ms, qlossed breakfast room Special! 
$57,9oo 
69o-98o2 
I G R EA T 
A M E R IC O 
^ R E A L T O R S , 

W H I R ! E L S ! ? 
• New Brick Home* on Aer- 
•age 
• hr«athtoking View * 
• Woaded Sites for PBIV ACY 
• 4 Choile North Communitt** 
(Including New Braunfels) 
• low Taxes Make easy Fur. chose Term* a I FOO SXI. Ft. livin g - I Cur d o ro g« i i 7, JOO e 2 6 8 o is . Ft. livin g - 2 Car 
O orogeM 9.7SO 
Sr orth The Home Market Over 
THIN Call USI 
Swinney Co. 

492-1o72 
658-o29o 

Hying areg with 
I room , 2 bath 
)wner, 
*62,5oo 

CHARTER OAKS 
Magnificent sing! fireplace- 
3 B f 
Elegant 
Bv 
69* 85,18 
4 2 C LO SE IN 
Sunshine Pork. 2 blacks off bus and 
Babcock 
Sharp, well built m iry hob rorpets. built 'n cook top and oven paneled den. central heot ond cur. A ssu m e VA L O A N 
Fenced shady yard Vacant 
732 79*7 S T E V E M A R T IN 73* o82* 

C L O S E 
TO 
M E D I C A L 
C E N T E R ...? story brick home on treed lot, ho* 4 bedrooms 2 luxury both* living, dining room s and a family room with fireplace! 
**7.3oo 
R E A L T O R S 
6*6 4*11 
Guy Chipman Co. 

C O M E O U T ond D IS C O V E R this quint reb eat Ook trees abound oft the lovely acreage 4 Bedrooms, or three pius stiffly# 2 forge .baths, and 
? fireplaces What a view from the k itcben and dining room 1 This home otters som ething for everyone A pool (.16 X ift I bathhouse, work shop rind gardeners’ work room. 
E X C E P T (O N A L Value at $7o,ooo cud owner is otter mg low interest financing 824 o12! A N Y T IM E 
ROSOW 6 KLINE 
RF A C T O R S SO Yeors of TRUST 
COST C E S S T H A N <* new Hidden 
Forest Sole by owner 2 yr old 2 
Story 4 ?' j J, I living area with tire blote dining room. G E kitchen, bieoktost noon, fenced, huge patio, corner lot 494 3218 

Culebra Park Groveton 
Comtorfooie home, 3 I , I. central air heat, carpeting, and fenced 
Seiling below repineement 828 6343, biff* t 4)8 71o2 

Cornelius & Associates 

CUSTOM QUALITY in this 3 2 7 OH brick home lorge 
Hying dining room with tireolore, sepgrote family room end lovely ab alg** garden room *47,ooo 496-3746 
J jri B a1 i ey Rea lEstat e _ 
C l * TO M W H IT E A R IC K >• lo tit* entry to lorge vaulted beamed den with m a ssive rut stone tire place F-ormol living du\lng 3 be droom*. ? bath* master" w ile ho* sunken robed setting area Priced 

R E D C A R P E T 
347-11 1 1 
R E A L T O R S 
492 774? 
* DF E R R U N CU C E B R A K A R K 
N.. daw n anyone 
) 4 bedroom s, 
•ame appliance* t I qualifying 
777 9416 24 H r* T E R R A R E A L T Y ti¥ T T V IE W A R E A 3 J I heat arr covered bobo, t )?S va It living area In excellent condition 
Hr ice reduced 
SOUTH EAST REALTY 
1314144 
Nile* 6*6 77(7 

BELLVIEW 
Buy this house and go into the pee on b u sin e **' A nice. quiet neignoor hood tend* to a happy life in this I bedroom hom e with centro! heat and air Be me first to see this brand new luting *26,5oo Open term*. 

3*4 *2o7, *8 4 433o 
Beanie Owens Co 
N K A L T O N I WW O F F IC E 
DO) I H O O SE d U T B A N b tft A R D 
Clean 3 bedroom, stove, retriyerq tor. curpets ne down *?7* closing 
69* 7479 W A Y N E S L A T E R 674 6124 

DONT BRING MONEY 
Bring your paint brush Nu down payment to anyone 3-4 bedroom*. J b a th *, som e with a ir a n d op pliant es Paym ents Ie** than rent 
344-1o91 BOB O ePAO LO R E A L T O R 
“E A S Y ON YO U N P O C K E T B O O K 
Thunderbird VI Hog# no down, low c losing cost*. Choir# of 3 bedroom*. 
2 both*, stove and retng , disposal central air heot or 4 bedroom . 2 bath, stove, dish w ash e r, central air heat 349-147* 
Hector J Herberk lac , Beetler* 

*2ooo equity, 3 bedroom home on shady lot, convenient to Loop 419 and IMH) Immediate occupancy, no agents 53) 329? oft S 3o 

E A S Y P R IC E 
Only *26.8oo buys this like new 4 bedroom, 2 both, neor U SA A and 
UTSA, ab built ins, privacy fence. 
Assum e low paym ents hove 4 others also 
G R E Y F O R E S T 
Hide o-w gy in trees in this quiet lovely area neor Helotes. O ver ’ ? acre of trees surrounds this 2 be­ droom with old rock firplace Mid 
7o * 
M E D IN A L A K E 
C o rn e r lot, sip e r nice re so rt property, 2 bedrooms. 2 baths, huge den, qorage ond carport, fantastic view *33.ooo 
Century 21 
W H IT E H E A D H O LE.ID A Y 
681 o3oo 
R E A L T O R S 

S25UD EQUITY 
L E O N V A L I E Y A R E A Perfect tor children 
3 bedroom, 7 both, huge patio wbh oversee B A R B Q Ab on 
1 j Ai re lot 
349 4343 349 S ilt Anytime 
Deanie Owens Cn. 
E Q U IT Y R E D U C E D 
Would von believe St SOO equity will buy this spotless 3 bedroom 2 both home with country kitchen? 
6*6-1234 
R E D C A R P E T 
E X C I T I N G 
H O M E in lo ve ly, cou ntry a re a h o rse s a llo w e d 1 
B ric k 'n c e d a r 2 s to ry w ith a fabulous tireploce, open living area, 
4 bedroom* 
*59,9*o. 
R E A L T O R S 
824 9631 
Guy Chipman Co. 

F IR E P L A C E in IO. I S fomily room 1 
Form al livinq room too in on all b ric k, 
J b e d ro o m , 
2 both home C E N T R A L L Y L O C A T E D ' 
*49.9oo 
R E A L T O R S 
344 3o41 
Guy Chipman Co. 

F IR E P L A C E la rg e single living ared with (ire place, separate dining room and privacy tented yard Extra clean upper 3o 
6*4-72oo 
C E N T U R Y 21 Schneider Realty 
F IR S T O F F E R IN G N E SCH O O LS 
Walk to m iddle ond elem entary 
Charm ing hi location with huge ook trees, i bedroom*. 2 boths. separate living dining room s, central heot cur priced low 3o s tor Quick sell 
824 I?)), 826 7 114. 82? 91o) 

Mazie Sale Hilijealtors 
F O R the OI S C R IM IN A 1 1N G E X 
E C U T IV E ! Lovely .3 bedroom , 3 oath gorden home in M ission Trace 
Quality custom features throughout 
One living preo and tor mal dimna 
Carefree living at its Finest Below replacement at 
*76,5oo 
8?4 ol?1 
A N Y T IM E 
ROSOW & KLINE 
RF A l TO RS SO Yeors of TRUST 
----------FO R T H E R E T IR E D ---------- 
OR N E W L Y W E D 
2 bedroom, I bath, lorge living room and dining room. Close to bus and shopping, im m aculate condition, only s irsc o VA or FH A 
Monte Horton 344 2341, 6*3 *963 
BOB JO N E S. R E A L T O R S 
KEY GROUP 

GIVE ME LAND 
Country atm osphere with city con ve rge n ce s, V e rd e H ill*. P ric e reduced to S E L L . This 1.7* acre* witn spacious nome. 
*24-2391 (Anytim g) 
Beanie Owens Cu 
R E A L T O R S, 1147 A U ST IN HW Y. 

Gooo BUDDY 
C oll for th# IO 2o on this 4 b ed room split level rn lovely Seneca E states a nd we ll tov so m e good n u m b e r* on you 
T h is u n iq u e h o m e is d ra p e d rind h o* a b alco n y o v erloo king the la rg e f a m ily ro o m 
L a n d s c a p e d yard IO 4 

C e n t u r y 2 1 
C ho rt#* Schneider__________ 6*4 77oo 
G R E E N L A W N P A R K 
This inrcjc> ) bedroom , 2 both hom e is near sch oo ls a nd sh o pp ing A nice bunt rn k itch e n 
U se your V A for this one *29 9oo R F A L T O R * t l I JOO 
Century 21 
E L A IN E L U D W IG A A S S O C 
’"H A R M O N Y H IL L S 12*oo 
B e lo w o p p r o is e d v a lu e C u s to m b uilt I b e d ro o m , d o u b le g a r a g e . sep arate d in in g and den with fire place 
*43,5oo 
*24 o1/1, 
N ig h t* 
6*5*421 
R E D C A R P E T 

HARMONY HULS 
F IR S T O F F E R I N G 
Breck. C olonial on a treed tot In this 
T O P area 3 b ed roo m *. ? baths, den, fo rm a l o nd in fo rm o l d in in g oreo , utility room , im m aculate condition, realistically p riced at $39,9oo 
*26-44o6 
N ile s (24-66*1 
S U E W E E M S A A S S O C 
KEY GRDUP 
H A R M O N Y M il L S 
4 b ed roo m 
J both, I sto ry at 526 
T a m m y 
C lo s e to sc h o o l 
L a r g e , fenced b a c k y a rd with pool o nd po ho. 
Will sen 
VA, 
F H A , or 
Conventional 
G R A C E L A IR D 
736-4235 
716 MOZ 

HIDDEN FOREST 
N ew C o n te m p o ra ry e n e ig y sa v in g h o m e in lo w 5o * 
3 b e d r o o m , 2 b a th s fire p la c e , p r iv a c y fenced. 
15724 B L U E C R E E K O pen su n d a y 
P M or call 492 2846 or 69o 922o 
BILLY FELLOWS 

M ultiple listin g Service 
MLS 

COLONIES NORTH BUY 

Picture your fomily living in this lorge, 3 bedroom, oil bnck home with o formol living room, formal dining room, fomily room, ond a great kitchen - then coll to see it ond discover the low, low price! Con­ venient to shopping, schools, ond express ways. AND possession when you need it* 

NAYLOR REALTY 
GALLERY OF HOMES 

691-1121, 654-557o, 341-8191 

BY OWNER 
Prestigious Colonies North location. 
This beautiful 
3-7-2 on lorge, wooded, fenced lot features bond crobtd fireplace, forge, fully carpet­ ed rooms, central neat-otr, forge 
(overed polio, beautiful custom draperies, first class poneled den ona garage remade into carpeted den or playroom See to Believe! 
And ONlf $62,5oo 
34o6 Ho PECREST 
341-425o evenings 
N o A g e n t* 

HELP! 
Over the recent holiday season, due lo on influx of buyers, wo sold out many of our Northwest listings. We tan toll TOUB homo quickly, Call us today fat a frat market analysis on your home. 

BOB MCGINNIS 
REALTORS 
349-6211 

M M il I T A t il t 
A R M I W o rth s ic! e 
S c h o o ls , 3 ? 7 , ? 4 * 14 m a s t e r su ite . 
Sp an ish style carpeteri A/4-4/o4 

HILLTOP 
This 4 bedroom . ? both on the crest of a hill is c o n v e n ie n t to M e d ic a l 
Center, and to U S A A I livin g oreo, p lu s a g a m e rpom o nd on I Bx 8 ti w o rk sh o p C o v e r e d p a tio o n d o fenced v o rd O n ly *34.5oo 681.3272. ndes, 349 68 7 
B IL L S O U T H E R N R E A L T O R 
H O L L Y W O O D P A U K 
T h is So o n ish Style 4 bedroom . 2 'J lu xu ry both h om e I* like new 
It'* spoc loos with a huae fireplace in the fom ily room tor the whole fam ily to eniov 
*69%SOO 
R E A L T O R 691-11oo 
Century 21 
E L A IN E L U D W IG A A SSO C 
H O L L Y W O O D P A R K ItV Qw der 4 bedroom , 2 botn. pool, lo rge lot. nice n eigh bo rho o d tor ro ilin g chil aren 494 5349 

H O L L Y W O O D P A R K B E S T B U Y ! 
A cre of b ig o a k s 3-2 den fireplace air, patio V a c a n t R e du ced 4o % 
WM M A Y E R R E A L T Y 494 3644 

HULLYWOUD PARK 

G R E A T F A M I L Y P L A N . O ve r 26oo so ft . m aster bdr rn ond study down, could h ove 5 b d rm ap Im m ed iate 
O ccupancy G ood assu m p tio n 

P O O L P L U S H U G E G A M E R O O M m e a n * fun tor ail 4 b drm , lot* of storage, se o ul ate shop. 
Span ish decor 

A N A C R E O F P R I V A C Y tor a o r dening, pool Or ten nis 
J b d rm . I b a t h s p lu s s t u d y 
B e o u t y a n d w arm th throughout 

IM M A C U L A T E A N O S P A C IO U S . I 
O w n e r c u s to m I 2 
7 h o m e on o v e rsq e d c or net lot in clu d es dou bls carp ort and detached shop 

J U S T L I S T E D . 169o s a It of et g a m e C u s t o m a p p o in tm e n t* in d u d e built in b a o k ro se s ond chino, 
F P in m a ste r bdr rn C o u n try kit then with center aisle 
C A L L 4*4 $227 
A r m s t r o n g C o . 

HOMEY is the w ord to j this d e a n 3 bedroom , 
I bath, close to b u s and sch ools 
R u b y W right 344-2341, 342 *847 
B O B J O N E S , R E A L T O R S 
KEY GROUP 
ID E A L H O M E F O R T H A T O V E R 
F L O W T R A F F I C O F F A M I L Y or 
Q U E S T S 
T h e e x tr a ro o m It 2o‘ 
X ?o , a lso la rg e fa m ily room with 
F ire p la c e p iu s fo rm a l liv in g o n d d ining M a ste r b edroom with sitting a re a is a honey L o u d * of tree* ond sp rinkle r sy ste m 
342 3211 
A N Y T IM E 

B E A n a b s 5o Y ib r * o F T R 
I M M A C U L A T E 4 B E D R O O M , 2 both, with d o u b le g a r a g e , oil a p p lia n c e *. fu lly c a rp e te d , d r a p e * sta y A ss u m e $252 p a y m e n t* with ye r v m odest eauity 674 3552 
H O D S D O N A A S S O C . R E A L T O R S 

KEY GROUP 
I N D I A N C R E E K 
J b e d r o o m . I b ath , r a n g e , fr id g e , o n d fe n c e d b a c k y a r d 
E q u it y a n d a s s u m e p a y m e n t* of $ 1*3 p e r m o Se le ct from two. 
Century 21 l l R A N S O M R E A L T Y *71 77(1 

For Fast A ccurate Title 
Service 
5 Convenient Locations 

• IG T E . T H A M S • 2GOl P L E A S A N T O N HU. 

• 
1 o o 7 N E L O O P U G • 
7_’O G B L A N C O R O A D 

• E T P ) F R E D E R I C K S B U R G 
R O A D 

Serving San Antonio Since 1 9 2 2 

FOR SALE BY OW NER 
GARDEN HOME 

Lot enclosed by privacy brick wall, kitchen with breakfast area, dining room, living room with fireplace, master bedroom suite with luxury bath- downstairs. 
'3 bedrooms with 
I Vt 
(club) baths, balcony upstairs. N o grass to mow. Maximum outdoor en­ joyment with swimming pools, lighted tennis courts. Northside. Call 

69o-o166 FOR APPOINTMENT 

H o lly w o o d P a r k B y o w n e r. 3 2 2 
I with study. 29*3o cathe d ral ceiling 
| den. h u g e g o rd e n kitchen. L o r g e ga rage , fenced $51,5oo 494 6o42 

HOLLYWOOD PARK 
R e d u c e d to *47,5oo, lo v e ly 3 be broom s, 2 baths, brick hom e L iv in g o n d d in in g c o m b in a tio n , f a m ily room , F lo rid a room 341 72o1, nites 
494 7666 O L IV E B IZ Z E L L E 
JOHN FLOURNOY IWC 

JEFFERSON AREA 
I M M A C U L A T E 2 - S T O R Y , 5 be d r o o m , 3 b o th o r 3 2 p lu s 2 1 u p s ta irs SISO mo. incom e . L o v e ly c a r p e t in g , c u s t o m d r a p e s , tire place. 3 cor ga rage , q ua rte rs. L O W 
E Q U IT Y 
Century 21 
D O U G L A S R E A L E S T A T E 434 3185 

JEFFERSON 
J bedroom b rick hom e on over sired lot N ew carpel, inside ooint. double garage. A ssu m e it 74 mo. 
S A N D IS O N R E A L T Y 
699 92o1 

JEFFERSON SPLIT-LEVEL 
C u s t o m b u ilt, b r ic k , 3 2 2, d en . corner, m o n y built ins Su p e r View 
341 44*5 
N IT E S 431 1859 
Lauren R. Bamebev 

JUST LISTED 
C on ve nien t to L o c k la n d , 3-2, lo rge livin g, se p a ra te d in in g a n d b re a k tost are a 
L o rg e bock ya rd , O n ly 
*21,9oo 
341-9166 A N Y T I M E 
Century 21 
H O W A R D T A T E R E A L T O R S 

 idy house need* nd lot* of TIC 3 

 r 
WHEEL AND D E A l f ^ 
2S8 FENNEL 
T 

♦ 

I 

WHEEL AND DEALT 
258 FENNEL 
Dellview. 
Needy 
*ome point one bedrooms, over 14oo sq. ft. for 
$2o,ooo 
3o1o GREEN ACRES 
3-2, beautifully remodeled. Im­ mediate occupancy $26,ooo 
161o W. HOLLYWOOD 
2-1, cute and clean, and ready to live in. $17,ooo. 
16o4 W. HOLLYWOOD 
Duplex. 
Home plus income. 
$22,5oo 
BULVERDE-3 ACRES 
4 bedroom home Equipped ice house. Reduced $1o OOO 
SOUTHWBT 
6818 BRAVO VALLEY 
4 2 2, remodeled, appliances No down for Vets, $28,9oo 

BOB MCGINN I 

M A G N I F IC I E N T B R IC K .32 2. su n ­ ken livin g room , O nly S4oo down. 
J B J 
674 *4o1 
A N Y T I M E 

J U S T L IS T E D - . A h o n e y fo r the m oney, h ere ’* a cha nce to b uy a lot of house for com p a ra tiv e ly little. 4 b edroom s, 2 boths. g a rd e n kitchen, g o ro g e con verted into ideal fam ily room . $25,ooo 
R E D C A R P E T 
142-3111 
R E A L T O R S 
492-9573 
L A R G E C H O IC E C O R N E R lot, in 
H ollyw ood P o rk , a p p ro x im a te ly 2oo tt deep, o ver 5o oak trees, m o n y la rge Lo* m ostly cove red with car- pet gra ss. SII,OOO Coll 494-2315. 
3 2 2, lo rge d in in g room , stu d y off rooster, se v e ra l e x tra s 
E x ce lle n t condition *36.65o 673 2748 

LARGE LDT 
E n j o y th is lo r g e 3 b e d ro o m , o il b ric k hom e in F o re st O o ks. C ou r fy o rd e n try in lo rg e to m ily room . 
P ric e reduced. 
Century 21 
Cherte* Schneider 
684-72oo 
L A R G E R O O M Y 
2 B E D R O O M . priced to scil 322 Y A L E , off IH IO 
Owner Corry note. Coll M r. P e re i. 
732 o961 or 734 o772. 

J O T W 
M D L 
Leon V alley A rea, 3 b ed roo m *, all kitchen app liances. *4ooo equity or r e f in a n c e . 
7234 
M o s s 
C r e e k 
684 8757 222-39Q9.________ 
•••L EO N V A L L E Y * * * 
N othing D o w n to A n yo n e ! A ll brick, 
3 bedroom . ? both. 2 c o r ga rage . 
IJS ,975 
923 19o4 A rcm iego Realty 923 52o6 
Leon V alie v 
Y o u could be h a p p y fo re ve r in this c h a rm in g 3 2 ? All carpet $35.975, $55o dow n, a n yo n e c o n b u y 
C o ll to d o y I B e ll R e a l 
Estate 222 9495 

LIGHT THE FIRE sit bock a n d eniov the lo rge livin g oreo or dine In the o v e rsite d in in g room while w a tch in g the fla m e s die dow n in thi* 3 bedroom , 2 bath win aer in U n iv e rsa l O aks. 
Call 349-1436 Anytim e 
BASSE WEILBACHER 
_______ IN C, R E A L T O R S 
L I K E N E W . C a r p e t e d , l- 2 cp, f r e s h ly p a in te d in s id e a n d oui. 
Stove , r e fr ig e r a t o r a n d w a sh e r. 
C e ntrally located M u st see to ap p re d ate Coll M r Peret. 712 o961 or 
714 o772 
NORTHSIDE REALTY 

LOCATION 
So im portant T h is lovely hom e I* convenient to the M e d ica l C om p lex p ud Loop 419 O w n e r* tran sfe rre d . 
L e o v m g this alm ost new 3 b ed room hom e in Se ne ca E sta te * H a s ever y thing including B IG F I R E P L A C E 
*39,759 
Im m ediate possession. 
344 *34* 
Grace Arnold 
_________ R E A L T O R S M L S 
L O M A P A R K . n ice 3 b e d ro o m , I both, near bus, being redecorated. hurry, 
H U G H E S » B R IS C O E 
______________________ *7*o696 
L O O K S A N D L O C A T IO N ' Y o o ’il h ove both in this att b rick hom e in 
C astle M ills ' F lre p ig c e d e ntertain m g oreo poneled den o n d J la rge t>edrooms, 2 b oth * B o n u s ro om with pcivote entry( 
*67.*oo 
R E A L T O R S 
344 1o41 
Guy Chipman Co. 

LOVELY OLDER HOME 
L o r g e 2 b e d ro o m , w ith se p a r a te d ining room C entral heot a nd oir, double tot. a p p lia n ce s stay cen trally located oft B ia n c o R d $24,65o 
( M o 

LOVELY YOONG HOUSE 
3 2 la rg e livlno. open den kitch en , a ssu m e low equity, N e a r M e d ic a l 
Center N o city taxes, A sk for O lio 
L u c as 
341-9166 A N Y T IM E 
Century 21 
H O W A R D T A T E R E A L T O R S 
LO W E Q U IT Y 
2 b e d ro o m c o rn e r h o u se att W est 
A v e stove, retn g, w ash e r included 
V IL L A R E A L T Y 73$ $2$3 . 696 26$4 
L U X U R I O U S T O W N H O U S E 
P restige neighborhood 
IOO 
B rick 
4 L u r a # b ed roo m *. 2' > baths, L iv in g ro o m d in in g r o o m c o m b in a t io n 
F a m ily room with tire ploce B eo u tlful g o u rm e t kitch en with b u ilt in d o u b le o v e n p lu s B l m ic r o w a v e oven Jen a ir B u r B Q C en trol vot ca u m sy ste m 
E n e r g y sp y in g tea fu r# . M a n y E x t r a s 
V e r y G o o d 
Value! Coll 494 /651 A N Y T I M E 

N A T U R E 'S O W N beauty is repeat ed in this ro ck 'n w ood hom e, se eluded bv m o n y live o a k s ...with a sundeck, rock patio o n d heated pool to odd to your outdoor e niovm e n t! 
F o r m a l a n d c a s u a l e n t e r t a in in g areas...) b edroom s. G R E A T 
D E C O R ! 
*99 5oo. 
R E A L T O R S 
824-9611 

NEAR MEDICAL CENTER 
*4o,5oo will buy all brick 3 2 2, h uge m aster suite, la rge step d ow n living, d in in g a re a, p riv a c y fe nced ya rd . 
A sk tor Bob Lew is 
341-9166 A N Y T IM E 
Century 21 
H O W A R D T A T E R E A L T O R S 
N E E D L O T S O F R O O M ? 
O v e r 32oo t a it fo r SIS,OOO 
O I I 
F re d e ric k sb u rg Rd. 2 story, 4-2-3, den, liv in g a n d d in in g 
C o u ld be duplex, great tor big fom ily. 
R E A D Y F O R S U M M E R ? 
B ig pool plus 3 bedroom , 2 bath*. forge living and dining, all extra* A m ust see *37.ooo. N e ar U T SA . 
N E W O N M A R K E T 
O nly t veor old 3-2-2, single livin g a r e a w ith f ir e p la c e 
A s s u m a b le eauity, *2*7 m o Q uick possession. 
Century 21 
W H IT E H E A D H O L ID A Y 
341 7U 5_________________ R E A L T O R S 

NEEDS DECORATING 
To m a k e th is r o o m y ? b e d ri house a home. 25x 11 close d in pi g a s fireplace G re a t for sm a ll Ii 
Iv or couple O n ly *15,9oo r e 
T O R 349 1121 nites 432 6354. 

A M u ciJIA R D 
N E W O N M A R K E T All brick hom e with targe country kitchen P o p u la r one living a re a h as fire p lace 3 be d row n s. 2 baths, kin g size d m o lte r b edoroom h a * d re ssin g arca. 
R E D C A R P E T 
3 42 -H II 
R E A L T O R S 
696 *o77 
N o down paym ent to a n yo n e , cc yem en! to M ed ico! Center, lovei* bed roo m s, cen tra l heat a ir, stos re frige ra tor. 124,775, p a y m e n t tc than rent 
346 3o91 B O B D e P A Q L O R E A L T I 
N O W A IT IN G , N O Q U A L IF Y IN G 
L o w e q u iv a n d a s s u m e lo w paym ents, coll now, ow ner in a hu ffy . 
H U G H E S A B R IS C O E 
___________________________ 623-3979 

OAK HILLS 
3 b edroom rock hom e with w atch tower study L a rg e kitchen, fo rm al d in in g o nd c irc u la r den S p a c io u s fireploced livin g $82,ooo 
S A N D IS O N R E A L T Y 
699 92o1 
O A K H IL L S 
Prestige oreo, new to m arket, large all brick 1-2-2, den. huge covered patio, garden, all extra*, a ssu m e or rent with option. Will trode far your 
SIM O eauity $47.5M 
L A R G E C O R N E R 
I block from bus and store, vacant, clean. 3 bedroom . I bath or 2 be droo m with den, new ce n tral air. 
Low equity and assu m e H igh 2o s. 
T H R D H IL L S 
N e w c o r p e t s a n d s u p e r c le a n , m okes tins lovely 4-J-2 a great buy at *19.7*o Den ond living, e x tras autor# assu m e low interest note or new V A 
Century 21 
Whited eod-HoHday 
4**3711_______________ R E A L T O R S 

QAK1E SMOKE! 
4 b ed room on oak stu dd e d e lot B o l I ro om size den with mi b r ic k f ir e p la c e , F o r m o l Ii separate m aster A ssu m e *3o 
S A N D IS O N R E A L T Y 
69 

96 
O A K S ! ...a n d a r a m b l in g , sp o c io u * h om e w ith an e n o r m o u s liv in g o re o , o v e rlo o k In a the p oo l o n d Saltillo tiled patio F ire p la c e . p ine paneling, c o u n rtry kitch e n ! 4 b ed roo m * in all. 
92. SM , 
R E A L T O R S 
344 3o41 
Guy Chipman Co. 

O F F B A N D E R A in L e o n V o lle y o p 
F i i . 
______.. 
C le o n 3 2 2. c o r p e t s . o n ly *1,5o 9 down, Isl paym en t In M o rc h 
694 7429 W A Y N E S L A T E R 474 4126 

OFF BLANCO 
C lean 2 bedroom , I both I 
V A F H A 
F L A T T R E A L E S T A T E 73* 
O F F P IN N R D Clean 3 bedr 
$25o m o v e s you In F irst p aym 
M u rc h 
696 742o W A Y N E S L A T E R 6* 

4 IU _ 

OPEN SUNDAT 2 TD 
(Neath, i in em itting 
O A K N IL L S T E R R A L 
563* C H A R L IE C H A I 
C L O S E TO M E D IC A L C E I 
M id *49 5, 
C h a rm in g , sp 
Sp an ish C o n te m p o rary 4-2 2 liv in g d in in g , d e lig h t f u l ro o m g e n e r o u s c lo se ts , c ga rd e n patio, att the features 
OO S E E IN S ID E I 
736-MU, 696 9417, 699 OI 
B E U L A H M A E K E L L E R , I 

16222684 

 r 

H O W S— NORTHWEST) ( £ D 

O FF W E S T A V E N U E 
N ic e 2 be droom , liv in g -d in in g co m b o . $14oo e q u ity . a s s u m e 
$131 m o . 
N o a u o lity in o $14,9oo C h a rle s W e n s a Mil E sta te. 732-1911. 732-5355 
ON A B U S L IN E 
" l . i 
$19o d o w n . $16(J m o n th . 
675-1691, 623-572o. 674-1777 
P O IN T E R R E A L E S T A T E 

OVER 22oo SO. FT. c o okin g to r a la rg e r nom e - then coll to d a y to see th is lu x u rio u s 4 bedroom hom e In Seneca E sta tes it s m o n y fe a tu re s in c lu d e liv in g oom , fo r m a l d in in g a re a . fa m ily oom w ith b ric k fire p la c e , lots of b orag e and m a n y b ultt-ins. P ric e d in low 
5o s. 
P hone now fo r on appointm ent. 
684-433o 344-62o7 

)(T T 5) 
HOMES— NORTHWEST 

W estwood V illa g e , N e ar L o c k la n d 
K elly 4-2-2. co vered p atio , garden, shade and fru it trees, la rg e , fenced b a c k y a rd , $28,ooo o r a s s u m e low m o n th ly p a y m e n ts fo r e a u itv . 7131 
Stone P ence 673-6959 
_________ 

O W N E R W IL L T R A D E 
$79,ooo w ill buy you one of the fin e s t hom es in H o llyw o o d P a rk . A L L B R IC K 4 spacious bedroom s, on a la rg e lot, 
F lo rid a ro o m . liv in g a n d s e pa ra te dining, la rg e den w ith c o rn e r f ir e ­ place. A k itc h e n a n y w o m a n w ill e n io y , e x p e n s iv e c a r p e tn g a n d drapes P LU S a M a in te n a n c e -F re e pool! 341-72o1. R E A LT O R S 
JflHH FLOURNOY IHC 

PARK FOREST 
B Y O W N E R 
J 2-2. C a th e d ra l liv in g a re a , lands caped and fen ce d. C o rn e r lot w ith storag e b u ild in g a nd p a tio b a r be que 492-2432 A fte r 4.________ 

PIPER’S MEADOW MID 3o’S 
S pacious 3 2 2 
R o y a l C re s t b u ilt beauty, c a th e d ra l c e llin g o ver cozy liv in g ro o m , fire p la c e . U n la u e sit tin g ro o m o ff m a s te r 
C e ra m ic to y e r-o w n e r in te rio r d e c o ra to r. A must to see 
M A R T IN E Z R E A LT O R S 
735-7657 
684-o753 
R I AMERICA 

PREFERRED PROPERTIES 

C A S T LE H IL L S E S T A T E S , L U X 
U R Y 
T H R O U G H O U T . 2 s t o r y c o lo n ia l. 5 or 6 b e d ro o m s , fo rm a l liv in g a n d d in in g , F P in fa m ily room , s e pa ra te a u a rte rs , o versized heated pool. 

E X E C U T IV E H O M E on ? o c re s o v e r lo o k in g C a n y o n C re e k G o lf 
Course 
5 3 'v. L a rg e fa m ily ro o m , w etbar, se pa ra te d in in g , g o u rm e t kitchen 

S AU NA A N O L A R G E PO O L Cus lorn Soonish 5-4, s tu d y , liv in g , din mg fa m ily ro o m w ith F P , co vered patio, sundeck, ro ck p a tio on 2 lots, c e n tra lly located 

H E L O T E S . R e s to re d IOO y r o ld home on IU ocres. I bed ro om , liv mg, d in in g M o d e rn k itc h e n , b ath , and d re ssin g a rea 
Secluded w ith view 
C A L L 494-5227 
A r m s t r o n g C o . 
PRICE REDUCTION 
C a stle H ills , lo v e ly 3 b e d ro o m bath, e x c e lle n t co n d itio n , new ro o t on o pp ro x % a c re L a rg e re c re a tio n b uildin g , o w n e r re a d y to m ove. 
V era M ille r 344 2341, 344 8843 
BOB JO N E S . R E A LT O R S 
KEY GROUP 
R E D U C E D 
Relax in the shade of huge ooks, or e n te rta in by the pool, spacious 3 2 2 rn Oak H ills T e rra c e , designed tor the fa m ily th a i w onts the m ost o u i ot lite C oll 699 1133 a n y tim e to le a rn m o re a bo ut this e x c e p tio n a l value at 
517,9oo 
699-1133 
R E A LT O R S 
349 1o47 
R E D C A R P E T 

WHISPERING OAKS 
T e rrific hom e tor the d is c rim in a tin g fa m ily , 5 b e d ro o m s . 3 b a th s , on a g orgeous cui-de soc lot O versize d ta m ily ro o m plus gam e ro o m w ith b uilt-in s and custom e x tra s . $87 OOO 
Nites 492 2545. 
344-3o78 
DON JO H N S O N . R E A LT O R S 
KEY GROUP 

WHISPERING OAKS 
L u x u rio u s 4 b edroom . JI 3 oaths, on a double lot, co vered w ith oaks A ll the teo tures you e xpect lo fin d In on e x e c u tiv e h om e in c lu d in g R om an tub. la rg e fire p la c e , dual heat ond a ir system s and seven w a lk in clo sets 
$98,9oo 
342 4177, nites, 
492 1959 
B IL L S O U TH E R N R E A LT O R 
W H IS P E R IN G O A K S .. .s p o c Ions hom e w ith fo rm a l liv in g and dining room s, w a ln u t paneled ta m ily w ith e e ry fire p la c e ! G a m e ro o m w ith storage w a ll ond w et b a r ooens to patio B e a u tifu l la nd sca ping lo vely area 
$74,9oo 
R E A LT O R S 
696-4811 

W H IS P E R IN G O AKS LOTS 
" 
DO YOUR OWN T H IN G on p rim e corner lot or o d ia ce n t inside lot high on h ill, g re a t v ie w , tre e s , no res fric tio n s as to b u ild e rs or tim e al lowonce O w ner A gent 699 oo13. 

WHISPERING OAKS 
Bv ow ner, 3o35 W h isp er F e rn . 4-3-2, bea utifu l hom e T a s te fu lly d eco ro t ed, custom d raped, la rg e den w ith fire p la ce $88,ooo F o ro p p I 492 237o 
No agents please 

Wilderness Setting 
On the Edge of to w n — We b u ild one a t a t im e — See o u r la te s t 3 be d ro o m . 2’ j b a th w ith d e c k o v e r looking the h ill c o u n try tor $54,85o 
O nly 6 m l. to M e d ical C enter It s a 
Beauty — 
C A L L 341-3154 A N Y T IM E ! 
Perfection Homes 
W a lke r J B orne be y, B u ild e r 

YOUR VERY ONN ESTATE! 
It s p o s s ib le ' On a lm o s t an a c re , 
26oo sa ft in m ain house (a ll b ric k ), guest a p a rtm e n t or Q ua rte rs (re n t ed tor SISO per m o ), 3 c a r garage, 2 year old s w im m in g pool 
C oll tor a pp ointm e n t 
B eryl W eigand 344-2341, 142-6456 
BOB JO N E S. R E A LT O R S 
KEY GROUP 
Y OU S A D * B U Y P A D 
BE G L A D ' 
And you won t fin d a b e tte r pod tor 
♦he m oney than this 2 b e d ro o m gar den h om e in th e N o rth w e s t 
C ar pets, too ' $23,5oo tota l 824 o171 
R E D C A R P E T 
You w ill be p a y in g m o re and m ore re n t1 W hy not buy y o u r hom e now? 
3 I 11 I in C u le bra P o rk $14oo eau tv, 
$143 m o 
B ell 
R eal 
E state 
222 9495 

2 1 4 -HOUSES SOUTHEAST 

SEE WORTHY 
C h a rm in g , clean neat 3 b e d ro om . 2 both, co v e re d p a tio w ith landscaped v a rd on co rn e t lot 
R uby W rig h t 344-2341, 342-5847 
BOB JO N ES, R E A LT O R S 
KEY GROUP 
SH A V A N O P A R K . .a b u ild e r's own h om e w ith E o r th c o lo rs , p e c a n p a n e lin g a fa b u lo u s , s e m i c ir c le k itc h e n ' Sunken liv in g ro o m w ith o ta is e d d in in g a re a fa m ily ro o m w ith fire p la c e 4 b e d ro o m s . 2 a re su ite s ' S hady, fr e e fo r m p o tio O f tered Of 
598,8oo 
R E A L T O R S 
696-4811 
Guy Chipman Co. 

' S H A V A N O P A R K ' C ustom b u ilt 2 
S tory E n g lish Tudor B ric k hom e I 
B e d ro o m s , 2 b o th * 
L iv in g ro o m , d m in o ro o m c o m b in a tio n 
F a m ily ro o m M a n y e x tra fe a tu re s B eau titu l la rg e lo t tre e s C all 342-3211 
A N Y T IM E 

HIGHLAND HILLS 
Beautiful 3-2-1 with central heat and nu, carpet, stone front, appliances and low price Only $26,ooo No down 
VA (all now 

1oo% BRICK 
Lovely 3 2 2 with family room, built in kitchen, custom drapes ond corpet 
Only $3o,5oo 
HIGHLAND'S ELEGANCE 
1oo% Brick 3-2-2 with formal living, dining, den, elector kitchen, lovely potio ond targe fenced lot (all today 
532-3254 Nites 927-2896 

C E N T U R Y 
2 1 

WAKEFIELD REALTORS 

HOMES— SOUTHEAST 

GREENW AY 
Assume or ref moore Mw rn maculate 3 bedroom, 2 beth, Kit­ ing room and family roam Hsrth carpet, all electric kitchen, custom drapes, central heat and air, 2 cor gar age CoH lor further details 
DELLCREST 
Priced to sell 3 bedrooms, 1% baths, spacious living area. carpet, heat ond mr, double carport Coil for details 
COUNTRY HOME 
Approximately 5 ones, custom built btick. 3 lorge bedrooms, 2 baths, 21x19 fondly room, brick fireplace, plush carpet, central heat and air, 2 car garage. Under priced at $$1,5oo. 
532-5245 n ite s , 3 3 3 - 8 6 1 8 

 m ie Ow ens 
’Mw-' 
RI AL TORS-AMS 

 c 

HOMES— MOVED ANO 
WRECKED 
D © 

P R E E L U M B A R to onvone_ w ih tn g to re m o ve old bldg c o m p le te ly 
923SS72 
___________ 
O ld e r 5 ro o m House to r Mile to he m oved outside the c ity , w ill d e liv e r. 
494-1952 a fte r »PM . 
6 room house w ith asbestos s id in g ond good root to be moved.'225-6o1o iM A L L H O U S E S , C h ea p , m o v e d ond fou n da tion 653-2137 

226 SUBURBAN PROPERTY 

DEVINE REALTY 
Devine, Texas 
1-663-4558 
S A. Direct Line 626 128o 
JI AC. Lots of G A M E . N. of B oerne good buy of only $7oo o a cre 
732 66o7 H 
C astle R eolty 492-9436 
A C R E A G E H O M E S IT E S 
NW of Son A ntonio in B e x a r, C om al, 
K endall C o s. VIS ocre s or M o re 
DON SMITH CO 
698-244o 
B R O K E R 
698-2261 

A A A LO C A TIO N Ort P ecan V olley 
3 b e d ro o m s , g o ro g e , $25o m o ve s vou in $16o m o H u rry ! 
696 742o W A Y N E S LA T E R 684-6169 

A cre ag e tra c ts , s m a ll dow n, sm a ll m o n th ly, b e a u tifu l oaks, no ro ck o r cedar. Coll M o gee 342 25)6 
A cre ag e tra c ts , s m a ll dow n, sm a ll m o n th ly, b e a u tifu l ooks no ro ck or cedar Call M agee 342 2516 

% AC 87 EAST 
3-1-2, cvcleone fence, big tre es 
828-o665 
736-1766 
534-4439 
W ATSON & SON R E A LT O R S 
S m a ll E c o n o m y H o m e in H o r londale, I B lock To School. $8 95o 
G EO R G E S M ITH R E A L T Y 924 5174 

A C R E A G E T R A C T S to 8l : a c re tra c ts , located on low er 
S eguin Rd 
N e a r R a n d o lp h A F B 
1o° dow n w ith up to IS y e a r pay out W ater, e le c tric power and tele phone A ll tra c ts on paved roads 
Waiter P. Schulze Realty 
3-4971 
653-2254 
532 7164 

2 16 -HOUSES SOUTHWEST 

A A A A 
3 bedroom s, 2 baths 
M a rc h firs t paym ent 
696-742o W A Y N E S LA T E R 674-6126 
A b a rg a in on lik e new g o v t ac ire d h om es d o ily . A ll p o r ts of tow n, low dow n p aym en ts and closing 
C D 
H A R R E L L 
532 7671 

5 m inu tes N o rth of N o rth S tar M o ll. 
Oak tre e s , good soil 
H ill C o u n try u tilitie s a v a ila b le $2195, $195 dow n, 
$4o.56 m onth 5 y e a rs at 8% in te re s t 
L o ke cro rt Real E sta te. 494 3419 o r 
342 18o3 
17 A cres at $695 ac re ort 781, P re tty oaks, e xcellen t h u n tin g J im A shley steal E state 684-4276 

ASSUME 73/«% S255 Mf!. 
3-2-2, NSISD. ca rp e t ce n tra l don, co vered p olio, big v a ra 
828 o665 
736 1746 
675 o629 
W ATSON & SON R E A LT O R S 
B A C K O N M A R K E T 
C H A ut, pra ised a t $18,55o L a rg e 124 7 sa ti 
3 bedroom , 7 bath at 522 B onner in 
R a v e n H ill 
A re a , 
H a r ia n d a le 
Schools, b e tte r h u rry . 
H UG HES A BRISC OE 
1-663-5597 

BARGAIN HUNTERS SPECIAL 
No dow n p a y m e n t to a n y o n e . 3-4 b ed ro om s, 2 b ath s, som e w ith a ir and app lia n ces 
F irs t p a ym e n t In 
M arch 
532-5251 BOB O eP A O LO R E A LT O R 
• • • 4 B e d ro o m s , 2 b o th , g a ra g e , near schools, in V a lle y Hi, $23,875 
923 19o4 A rc in ie g a R e o lty 923-52o6 
• • • B e la ire , 3 b e d ro o m s , 2 b o th , den, 
$19,5oo 
N o thin g down to anyone! 
923-19o4 A rc in ie g a R e o lty 923 52o6 
• B R E N TW O O D V IL L A G E * 
N ear Kennedy Hi 3 b edroom K elly ond L o c k la n d R A N C R E S T R E A L 
TY, 433 6676 
C O Z Y ? bedroom s, o ir, $2o to m ove in, $13o m o H u rry ' 
696 742o W A Y N E S LA T E R 684-6169 
D IS T R E S S S A L E 
E q u ity and os sum e loan, 3 bedroom , I bath w ith den and c e n tra l heat and a ir 
Low paym ents, this won I lost C all now 
H U G H E S A BRISC O E 
67S o696 

GROWING PAINS 
A 5 bedroom hom e tor o nly $33,5oo 
C e ntral heot and a ir, fo rm a l d ining , co vered p atio , fen ce d y a rd G re a t tor k id s ' Open te rm s ' 342 4177, nites 
656-o333 
B IL L S O U TH E R N R E A LT O R 

H A R L A N D A L E a r e a 
L a r g e o ld e r s ty le ro c k h o m e w ith 2 be d ro om s, J baths ond den Close to s c h o o ls , s h o p p in g a n d b us 
B u y equity ond assum e. 
923 4327 
626 1777 
R onald W illia m s o n__ 
HERITAGE FARM 
L a rg e 3 7 hom e, liv in g ond fa m ily ro o m s p riv a c y fe n c e d v n rd a n d co vered p olio, te rm s 696-3746 
Teri Bailey Real Estate 

2 ond 3 B E D R O O M HO M ES 
A ll rig h t nice hom es th o ' a rc p ric e d lo Sell C oli and we w ill show vou how easv it is to b uy one of these tine hom es 

BOB B IL L A R E A L E S TA TE 
534 88o8 
333 )468 
333-1764 

’’ S H A V A N O P A R K 
M a g n ific e n tly 
S p a n is h w ith p o r k lik e g ro u n d s 
M a s te r b e d ro o m s u ite w ith F ir e place and p riv a te s o la riu m F a m ily m o m w ith w et b ar a n d F ire p la c e 
Z o ne d a ir o n d h e a t a n d c e n tra l va cuu m system A ll e le c tric kitch e n w ith c o rn in g c o o k to p a n d t r ip le sink A ll im a g in a b le lu x u rie s in this 
M ust See H om e of H om es $175,ooo 
Call 824 o171 A N Y T IM E 

R E A LT O R S SO Y e a rs o fT R U S T 
S H E N A N D O A H 
L ots of space in th is 4 b ed ro om w ith study or 5th b ed ro om , 7 b oth hom e 
Near M ed C enter and co nve nien t to 
Shopping m o lls $38,5oo 
R E A L T O R 
691-13oo 
C e n t u r y 21 
E L A IN E L U D W IG A ASSOC 

SPARKLING POOL! 
In yo ur own bock v o rd . 3 7 z-7. wet b o r. fire p la c e , p riv a c y fence stor a g e b u ild in g -7 s to r y h o m e 
B v ow ner. 673 2o8o 
1735 sa It J 2* j 2 tw o stpr y in su la te d h o m e in Sun V a lle y 
F ir e p lo c 
W h irlpo o l d ishw ash e i g o r beige a poser d ouble Oven, in te rc o m VA or 
C onve n tion a l 
$46 SOO 
684 76o1 
696 1685________________________ 
• • • • St. M a r y 's U N e a r, n o th in g dow n to o nvo ne ! C leon 7 bed ro om s la rg e liv in g , g a ra g e , on G lobe 
923-19o4 A rc in ie g a R e o lty 923-52o4 

ST MARY'S UNIVERSITY! 
3 B edroom . I both, se p a ra te d in in g ro o m . ta m ily ro o m , fre s h p a in t and out, new ro o f fern ed y a rd w ith pecon tre e s $16,5oo CaH 828 5671 or 
691 1538 F o r G lenn S tanley s tra n d e r N e ls o n , R e a l E s ta te 
SU N N Y 
E n c lo s e d p o rc h fo r w in te r p la n ts com plete c o iv 2 b ed ro om oft IH Io 
M AC R E A L E S T A T E 828 2521 
S U R B U R B A N N O R TH 
4 b ed ro om , sp ilt le ve l b ric k hom e on 
3 a c re s 
F a m ily ro o m w ith fir * p lace P oved stre ets and all u tilitie 
No c ity ta x e s O nly M in u te '- fro m 
UT SA A N D USA A 
C all LO R A MC 
B R A Y E R 824 64/7, 733 7141 
U L FURR CO 
T H E R E I L B E a H A P P Y N E W 
YU AR if you Mkt. Sunshine and Se le n ity nea r the c ity 
T h is a lm o s t new spacious 4 b e d ro o m hom e has fu ll baths one la rg e liv in g Qreo w ith fir e p la c e a n d c a th e d r a l c e ilin g 
B rig h t c o u n try k itc h e n w ith cabin cts g a lo re D ouble p aned w in d o w th ro u g h o u t 
Z o n e d h e a t a n d a ir 
A v a ila b le im m e d ia t e ly . 
C a l 
4V4 7651 A N Y T IM E 

UNIVERSITY HILLS 
D y n a m ite value o * $ JO-SOO Love 
J b ed ro om , 7 both on *o p * t lot 
L a r g e c a rp e te d f f f f t w ith w o o d b u rn in g fir tip to e # € o v e re d p a tio 
O n ly I m i. fr o m U T S A 
M a n e x tra s * -A m u st see 
N ites jo ta 

C E N T U R Y 21 
K elly I o c k lg n d R e alty 
674 12' 

$1oo,OOO,OOO View... for $33,775'' New hom e by H P 
O rts 
R e a d y to r o c c u p a n c y n ow 
3 2 7 w ith c u rv e d d riv e w a y 
F u lly pan e le d lo m ilv ro o m la rg e H ying ro o m Spacious, a tt fin ish e d double gara g e 75 b ric k P re tty oak tre e in f r o n t 
C a n b e y o u r s t o d a y ! 
IOO /V A m o v e n ow f ir s t p a y m e n t 
A p ril 1st 828 6343, eves 655 264o 
Corn?HuiS Associates 
W ant A Hom e You Can B ro g A bout» 
U nique design w ith a ttra c tiv e lo ve in th is 4 b e d ro o m , J b a th h o m e 
M o d e rn k itc h e n w ith p a n try o d ia c e n t ta m ily ro o m S lid in g door to a la rg e c o v e r e d p a tio 
P r lc re d uce d to $41,9oo 684-72oo 
C E N T U R Y 21 S chneider R ealty 
W E H A V E I H O M E S IN T B IR D 
H IL L S . B oth of i i i a tta che d c a rp e tin g , p a tio , a n d m u c h m o re 
Cad fur d e ta ils aa e ith e r ane 
434 234) 
R E D C A R P E T 

A STEAL 
N e a t 2 b e d ro o m on C u i De Soc u rge paneled den, nice c a rp e tin g 
Over 12oo >a ti 
F enced y a rd O nly 
$17,95o F h A VA 
John 
G ra y 
696 533o 
PROFESSIONAL REALTY 
BACK ON M A R K E T VA appra ise d at $13,4oo w ith new ro o f, re a l n a e 2 bedroom on cut de so t 
A good Duy 
Oil now O wner anxio u s 
H U G H E S A BRISC O E 
475 o696 
B e lla ire , no d ow n p a y m e n t to an vone 
3 b e d ro o m s . 2 b a th s , la rg e fa m ily ro o m g a ra g e p lus b ig car p o rt, o n ly $19 SOO to ta l, p a y m e n ts ss than re m 
532 5251 BOB D eP A O LO R E A LT O R 
3334 BOB B IL L A DR 
W ith little p a in t th is I b e d ro o m 
2 
Doth hom e w ill be lik e new, m ony tra s and the p ric e is rig h t 
BOP B IL L A R E A L E S TA TE 
534 88o8 
333 1468 
333 1764 
BY O W NER M u st sell im m e d ia te ! 
W ill p a y OH c lo s in g c o s ts 
J 2-1 ae den, fe n ) h eat o ir, c o rn e t b u ilt in k itc h e n A ssum e lo rg e eau! y or re fin a n c e $78 OOO 648 J38? 
' o m p ie te ly re m o d e le d J b ed ro om to m e , n e w c o r o e t . n ew b a th . 
>epui O le liv in g ro o m a n d d m m Q oom . d en 
$19,9oo C o ll SJ? o837 arter 6 

Ind ia n C ree k-V alte y H i A rea 
No down onvone $2o to to l closing 
Choose fro m s e v e ra l V4 bed ro om s a ppliances a ir, 1st p od M a rc h 
222-9616 24 H rs 
T E R R A R E A L T Y 
INVESTOR SPECIAL 
Tw o new d u p le x e s in s u b d iv e n ea r W H to rd H a ll a n d L a c k la n d 
A F B One nos a 3 bed ro om . 2 bath unit and a 2 bed ro om 
I both unit 
Tne other has a ? bed ro om , ? both u nit and a 2 bed ro om 
I b ath u nit 
B edroom s and liv in g a re o s o re fu ilv c a rp e te d k itc h e n s o re e q u ip p e d w ith ra n g e d is h w a s h e r d is p o s e and re frig e ra to r Good in com e po te n tia l 
F or vie w in g , c a ll 673 5o8 
A N Y T IM E 
WORLD WIDE REALTY 

L A C K I A N D CJTY 
3 b e d ro o m w ith fe n c e d y a rd 
A sum e p aym en ts u nder $16o w ith low equity V ery clean and only $18,3oo 
VA O K 684-72oo 
C E N T U R Y 71 S chneider R eolty 
L A C K L A N D K E L L Y A R E A 
W ell 
«ept I b edroom 
? bath hom e wit o o rd e n k itc h e n ond lots ot e x tro 
T o ta l p ric e $16,76o 
P a y m e n ts of 
$146 Con be assum ed w ith reason o b it e qu ity 
674-5411 
R E D C A R P E T 

C O R N E R O L D E R B E A U T Y 
O rig in a l, cu s to m c o n d itio n , 
12-fmcom e 
Eosv term s on 
$24 ooo 
VAN BUREN & ASSOC 
534 5451 
684 7171 
699 oo46 
• • • • 819 D elew are. N o thin g down lo 
$1o 97$, 
Hob tam os vone' fc spa not 
923 19o4 A rctnte qo B ea tty 923 57o6 
O E L L C R E S T A R E A b un * 
Jeer 
'OW ter c o rp e t is 
Ow ne c o w e re d p a tio a n n o u 5 
Can 

L A C K L A N D T E R R A C E . 
• b t d ro om , I , bath, co n ve rte d garage to 9x9 study, new ra n ge fu lly ca e te d 
17 » 
15 p a tio , ta r q e m o v e re d f r o n t p o r c h , c o m p ie tl fenced 
IO x 7 storag e shed Open 
Term s, $74,ooo 
R E D C A R P E T or No O e c H te $1oo D o w 
COH %tcir i o t % I iO 
J a n d ftom es A nyone con buy L & 
A Refit E s ta te 43J W O t l M W 
M c C o llu m 

SOUTHEAST REALTY 
333-4144 
N ites 454 2787 
D E L L C R E S T 
Corner lot IOO potio. g arde n O nly $?7 
I 2-1, c a rp e l 
5oo 4$6-1234 
R E D C A R P E T 
D em urest new h om e b ric k , 3 7 2. fire p la c e , c e n tra l beat ond a ir 
)3.l o64oL EON ARO , R e alto r6 6 t 432? 
DON'T BRING MONEY 
B rin g y o u r p o in t b ru s h 
No dow n p aym en t to anyone 3 4 b edroom s 2 b a th s , so m e o ir a n a a p p lia n c e s 
P aym ents less than re n t 
512 5251 BOB O eP A O LO R E AL TOR 
E X T R A NIC E S P L IT L E V E L 
4 2 c e n tra l o ir heat m v a c v fence. 71 > c a r ond la rg e den and gam e ro o m fire p la c e 
727 o227 WATSON A SON 
531 7857 
H ig h lan d P ark a ll m a s o n ry , e x tro la rg e 3 b e d ro o m o o ro g e , w o rk shop c e n tra l heat a ir , trees 
Coit 
Ann 
ERA 
JACK MITCHELL 
$32-31o7 
Realtor 
641 33o7 
^ 
- HI G H W A Y ' DR" J b ed ro om s 
I b a th la rg e H y in g ro o m , c a rp e l 
$14,ooo Call 
IN T E R S T A T E 828 o755 til I pm 
Historic King Witt. Area 
The dow ntow n re s id e n t co m m u n ity 
Single and M u lti F a m ily 
R E S TO R A TIO N S Inc R e alto rs 
224-487$ 
T o 'g e t o T ^ I T illS ^ r o o r t r 'h o u s e 
$1o,ooo tor sale bv o w ne r, co nve ll liana) on Soothe toss C a ll 924 58o3 
M V (HOLL UM H I A R F A~T or POSS pie 5 b e d i oom 2 bath den < , p p tio 
8 o ‘ e b ric k la rg e oo pecan tre e s $26 5oo 924 748 
4 3opm ll ear K q te ic A e n c k S cho o l J be d room s, 2 baths, c a rp o rt. VA FH A 
$21,3oo 924 8116, X ii 4 V /I 
H Y A T T R E A L E S TA TE 
HEdE i I I h o rn i- o il A W W hite carpet, d ishw ash e r VA F HA 
641 133o I G R IPPS R L T V 448 o441 
O fi J iw " w h , iy p 

 vered 
■ g n d arte 

T b e d e oo tat, 
FH A or 
VA 
Bet corner closing 
JU o64oLEQN A RU 
5rFF‘"wr w droom . 
W iJ T T F ca rp ete d, fenced. 

R e a lto r* * ! 33? lo v e ly I tie 

924452$ 
H A S K IN S R E A L T Y 
K b A SA N TO N R p “ A i I A~ 
O ld e r 2 b e d ro o m n o m e . ta i _ fenced tot w ith pecan trees 
O nly 
$17,5oo 
B R IG H A M R E A L T Y 673 1481 

R e fre s h in g ly R oom y 
H ig h la n d s ^ bed ro om , huge den w ith fire p la c e d in in g ro o m , c o rp e t, a n d 2 b ath s 
I HA a p p ra ise d 
$19 5oo 
B ell BE 
222 949$ 

S31 RIGSBY 
2 b e d ro o m , liv in g ro o m d in in g room . fa m ily ro o m , J b a m 
Range and re tftg and 3 a ir u nits 
L a rg e w o rksh op th g a ra g e g it this con be yo u rs , V A , F H A o r C o nve n tion e r 
E x c e lle n t c o n d itio n 
C a ll P o rte 
533 551 1 N iles 653 o875 R E A LT O R 
Arthur E. BIARD 

L A C K L A N D T E R R A C E , 3 be d room 
I . bath, co n v e rte d a o r aa# lo 9 R 9 s tu d y new ra n g # fyM> c o ro o te d 
I? * 15 p o lio , t a r g# c o v e re d fro n t p o rc h , c o m p le te ly te n te d , IO * I storage shed Open 
Term s, *74 OOO 
R E D C A R P E T 

 rg e lo ’ repo 

 sutuMAN m o r a n 

Vt ACRE 

19 A C R E S B a n d e ra H w y , beau 
Tut m o u nta in v ie w , deer. $85o a c re 
432 46-11 
IO A cres L of B lanco, sm a ll iiouse good top soil, nice fre es J im Asn lev, Real E state 684 4276, 
5 
A C R E S 
$6995 
F in a n c in g 
A vailab le . By O w ner LE4-8876 
5.3 ACRES 
H ill C o un try V iew , ra n c h e r w a nts fo sell near Tw in S isters S3.71o w ith o w n e r fin a n c in g 
H B G R E A L ES 
TA T E , 822 1236. 
IO ACRES 
L o c a te d on F M 1518 SE 
L a rg e J bedroom . 2 bath hom e, den, c e n tra l 
Defat o ir double g arag e, E C e ntral 
S c h o o ls . 
C o ll 
L o u is e 
B o r in g 
533 7163, 621 2o49 
BOB JO N E S , R E A LT O R S 
KEY GROUP 
39o 5 ACRES IO m iles N ot S A on 
U S 
281 
4843' fro n ta g e on 4 lo ne d iv id e d s u p e r h ig h w a y . R ip e to r d e v e lG O c m e n t 
$25oo p e r a c re 
674 5/7? or 344 3633 

I • 3 acres 
Near B oerne A re a, B e a u tifu l tra c ts in H ill C o un try, Access to la ke and 
G u a d a lu p e R iv e r 
P r ic e $1 495, sm a ll down, 8 o sim ple in te re st 
L A K E C R O F T , 
INC 
497 3584, 
342 18o6 
22 ACRES 

N ear B oerne on poved ro a d o il in gro ss .with sp re ad in g oaks Fenced. stock tan k. stuble, and w e ll 24 x 6o, 
3 b e d ro o m . 2 o a th m o b ile b orne , tu rn , choice b u ild in g s ig h t 
E x c e l lent assum ption. 
C A L L 494 5227 
Armstrong Co. 
5 ACRES NORTH 
B e a u tifu l tra c t on poved rood See and vou w ill b uy 
C oll R oy W ood 
497 3731 E ven in gs 822-9355_________ 
45 A cres 
Rio M edina, ro llin g h ills good gross, b e o u titu l b u ild in g site 
$1,ooo A cre 534-6711 

LAND SAVINGS 

ACCOUNTS IN THE Hill 
COUNTRY 

PARCH 237 
Guadalupe liver trod, 
IM ft on the widest point cd the river deep writer. ?So year old 
Cypress trees. Huge (iv* Ooks ond 
Pecons I V* acres, building site with vista view $15,ooo, $1,5oo down 
$146 21 pet month for 144 months. at 8% simple fox deducible in terest Prepayable without penalty 

> ARC El 12S - KtMDAllA, Hill coon fry in charming German Community, 
SWS, owner financing 

PARCH 299 
8ERGHEIM, Acreage tract with lorge trees Oaks, Cypress, 
Hickory Tear around running creek 
Hill fop view for mdes $9 995 $5oo down, long term low interest finan ting 

PARCH 134 - BOERNE AREA. Won dertul frees, view 
Tremendous articuiturgl possibilities $3,995 $2oo down, good low monthly payments 

H B G R EA L ESTATE 
Hill Country Specialist 

73 3 -13 o 9 

San Antonio E X P R E S S -N E W S — Saturday January 8 1 9 7 7 

[sUtUttAM PtOfWTY3 ( 2 2 ? ) 

N o d ow n P o v m e n t! SJI m o. a n d ow n 2 2 A cres. S w im In s p rin g fed creek jim A shley R e alty 226 7774 

PICKUP PAYMENTS on th is b e o u titu l w ooded a c re out 
281 N o rth , on G u a d a lu p e R iv e r, 
Bennv 
M a rtin e t. 
497-3753 or 
824 o85o 
P ic k u p p o vm e n ts on 6 A c re s $52.o8 m o S w im m in g , h u n tin g , v ie w fo r m iles. Jim A shley R e alty 226 7774 

PLEASANTON, TEXAS 

 lots of fruit bees and extra lots with this 3 bedroom. I both home. I block to shopping ond 2 blocks to school $14,ooo Mights 653 2798 
NAYLOR REALTY 
GALLERY OF HOMES 

656-552o 691-1121 341-9191 

By ow ne r, E a rly Texas style house on G u a d a lu p e R iv e r In S eg u in. 2 b edroom , 2 b ath w ith over 6oo sa ft of porches 
Im p ro v e d w a te r fro n t 
$75,ooo I 379-4373 

COUNTRY ESTATE 
24 A cres of O ak trees ond g ra ss, 2 
B e d ro o m hom e w ith 2 flre o la c e s . guest house, s w im m in g pool. b arn and bens E x c e lle n t access fro m IM 
IO between B oerne ond C o m fo rt, but secluded M a n y unusual fe a tu re s 
A .C . S c h w e th e im & A sso c 
8o1 F ro n t S tre e t. C o m fo rt, Texas 
78o13. Telephone 
(512) 993 3313 or 
(512) 995 2163 N ig h ts ______________ 
C O U N T R Y E S TA TE 
This one has It a ll! 3 b ed ro om s. . fu ll b a th s, c o m p le te k itc h e n , tire 
Diac e ond pool too. A ll on l < ac res 
Fenced S69.5oo 656-1234 
R E D C A R P E T 

R IV E R F R O N T 2 AC R E S 18 m inu tes 
Iro n ' Son A n to n io . A ll u tilitie s on paved ro a d good tre es fis h in g - c a n o e in g 
S52oo to $65oo 
G oo d 
T e rm s C oll Steve H a n /e l, 494 52,37 or 828 1o92_________________________ 

SACRIFICE 
O w ner m u st sell this b e a u tifu l a cre 
N o rth ot tow n Loads of Oak Trees. has w o te r o n d e le c tr ic ity 
M a k e o tte r m ust sell b efore Jan 2o Call 
497 3751 even in gs 822 9355 
SPEC A IL ! ! ! 
5 R oom house on ’ » a c re fenced, n ic e fre e s , s e llin g to s e in e Iud g em en t 
$1o,9oo 
G ua ra n te e d title 
626 21/4 
T a k e u p p a y m e n ts on a c re 
N o r th w e s t to r h o m e b u ild in g 
W afer, c ity u tilitie s 
M r 
Fetter 
6/9 ,’ 229 

TEACHERS 
H ove tim e to look? Now is the tim e to b u y 
3' j o c re s . n e o r C a n y o n 
L ake ow ner desires lo sell q u ic k ly 
$2,45o w ith ow ner fin a n cin g . Nam e y o u r te rm s 
N o c o a lify in g 
B IL L 
H U G H E S . B ro k e r 342 18o8. 
TE X A S V E T 'S P ick your own land now At V et a p p ra is a l 1/ o cre s and up. B lanco A re a Jim A shley R e alty 
226 77/4 

TIME REALLY FEYS 
M a k e y o u r p la n s now if you a re th in k in g ot C o u n try L iv in g 
R u ra l p ro p e rty w ill c e rta in ly be h ig h e r this s p rin g H e re is a lu x u ry hom e on 25 a cre s, of O aks ond w ild gam e 
J u s t 28 m ile s tro nh W o n d e rla n d 
T h ere is o guest house, e x tra sloe oge b u ild in g ond o deep w e ll W ell te n te d ond c ro s s fen ce d. C oll tor tuft d eta ils $159,ooo 344 8348 
G race Arnold 
R E A LT O R S M LS 

RfSOtT rtO ffK TrtSDGE) 

R IV E R ROOS 
N ear S eguin-etectr Ic ily c o m p in g tra ile r co n cre te dock, pecan 
Cleon, q uie t a re a, n eg otia b le 
727 o237 W ATSO N A SON 
333 o544 
T A K E UP P A Y M E N T S 
3 ocres, 6 m r N E of C anyon L ake In h ill c o u n try 
B u ild in g or h u n tin g p rlv e le g e s $6oo co sh p lu s $ 3/ o4 m o n th ly. 432 o26o o fte r 6___________ 

 w a n ! 
C O A STA L P R O P E R T Y 
A ransas Poss or P o rt A ra n sa s o rc a 
D O U O LAS A N D E R S O N 
8o3 G ordm o 
____________ 732 1362 
W IL L IN G TO T R A D E OR S E LL 
: L o k e f r o n t C a b in on L a k e M e re d lih L o a d e d 2o m in fro m B o rg e r and 4o m in fro m A m a rillo B eou titu l un o b s tru c te d v ie w lo cate d In 
L ake M e re d ith H o rb o r on !'•? lots. 
F u lly fu rn is h e d , fire p la c e O w n er bos m o ve d to Son A n to n io W ould 
Uke to tro d e to r s im llo r p ro p e rty a r o u n d San A n to n io or A u s tin . 
V alued of $25,ooo C oll 512 673-4678 
Mon T h urs D ays. 

23o LOTS 

194 A c re s w e ll w in d m ill hu n tin g cobin. b lin d s $85o ae r 
Ashley Real E state 684 4276. 

 b o rn c J im 

BY O W N E R 
J e ff A re a. L o t ton e d fo r d u p le x o r s in g le re s id e n c e 6 blocks o il schools 
O r. 
B re n n a n 
224 /237 

INSPIRATION HILLS 
Ideal lo t for yo ur hom e 
H igh on o h ill w ith o b e o u titu l vie w of the c ity 
F o r d e ta ils o n d v ie w in g , c o ll 
347 4115 A N Y T IM E 
WORLD WIDE REALTY 
LOT FOR SALE 
' j A c re one b lk fro m S o u th s id e 
Centeno $3,5oo 532 4762____________ 
P ice d fo r Q u ic k Sole B y O w n e r 
_>! 1oox213 a l '22o8 S ieves, zoned re s id e n tia l or d u p le x , c a s h p ric e 
47ooo C orner lot 1oox2oo at G reen 
G len a nd P u rp le Sage 
(n e o r UT 
SA), cosh p ric e 
$7ooo 
22/ 62/1 
6/4 15o3 

1632 W Houston, 1oox12$ 
P tc k fo rd , c o rn e r 
M e m o ria l, 
5ox15o 
151 A lic io St , 5ox125 
SOO Son Fe lip e, c o rn e r, ?$xl31 
1425 B a rn e y St., 1oox114 
Ben F rie d m a n 732 8o18 

I to IO a cre s, east c e n tra l, u tilitie s 
648 333o L G R IP P S R L T Y , 648-o448 
232 FARMS AND RANCHES 

TWO A C R E S OF R IV E R 
N o rth on G ua d alu p e Scenic woods o n d to p s o il 
H ig h a b o v e o d e a r 
Cleon g ra v e l b o tto m riv e r 
$12,9oo 
O w ner w ill fin a n c e 
R o b e rt S m ith, 
698 2o61, It no a nsw e r, 494 6777 
W ILSO N C O U N TY 
L o c a te d o p p ro x 
' ; m l. o u ts id e of 
S E 
B exar Co in W ilson Co Beou titu l 8 ro m 3-3-2 W estern ra n c h style w h ite b ric k residence w ith 5 o cres or m o re 
R esidence is 8 v e e rs old. co nta ins 3.ooo sq ti ond is in excel le nt c o n d itio n 
L a rg e o v a l shooed s w im m in g p o o l a n d b e a u t if u lly la n d s c a p e d g ro u n d s 
T e rm s 
For co m oiete deto lls, Coll 
Walter P. Schulze Realty 
333 4971 
653 2254 
5327164 

31oo Ac C olem an Co . Good 38o Ac 
I H e ld 
6 m ile s a t C o lo ra d o R iv e r j fro n ta g e C a ttle or S heep R a n ch 
P lenty ot gom e P o rt m in e ra ls con 
I veyed 6 '■• note can be a ssu m e d 
|$ 2 /5 P er a c re 
T e rm s 
B A T T S 
R E A L E S T A T E . I 915 365 3379 D ay 
I or N ig h t 
Gene K eel 1-915 365 35o5 
P ays____________________________ 

57 AC HAYES COUNTY 
On F M I5 o. big Oaks, owner Corry 
878 o665 
736 1766 
734 4117 
W ATSO N & SON R E A L T O R S 
113 ACRE F A R M w ith hom e S m all dow n w ith V ete ro n fin a n c in g $/oo o c re Coll Tex (Age R e a lty, S A 
224 oo81, n igh ts 6)3 78Q1____________ 

 fA K M S -tA M C H fS D G E ) 

C O U N T R Y L IV IN G on 8 fe n c e d c e re s nea r B oe rn e. 2 s to ry hom e has 4 b ed ro om s, 7' j b oth s, 3 stun horse b o rn , stock tank 
R E D C A R P E T 
342 3111 
R E A LT O R S 
344 7985 

COUNTRY LIVING 
B u ild yo ur own hom e on b e a u tifu l ook studded A cre s In c o u n try O nly 
15 m in fro m N o rth Star M a ll Have t r e e s fo r n e ig h b o r s 
C a ll B ill, 
R E A LT O R 342 4224 nites 342 2876. 
Arthur E. BIARD. 

2 ACRES S I 
L a k e C o ia v o and d e a n land 
E asy te rm s to ta l p ric e $2oo dow n, 8 s 
Interest 927 7441 
H B G R E A L E S TA TE 

 v ie w i? 15o im ple 

5 ACRES 
S om erset, b e o u titu l tre es, e le c tric ! tv oood w o te r, hove a g a rd e n ond som e ch icken s M o b ile hom es per n utted O w ner fin o n te C ecil O rric k 
73$ 8ooo Don S m ith B ro k e r 677 8oo4 

36.8 A C R E S S O U T H E A S T 
L oco le d on G arde n er Rd . a p p ro x 
. m ile So of S u lfu r S prings Rd 6 in w a te r m om at p ro p e rty S andy loam soil, tre e s , m o s tly in fie ld 
F or in fo rm a tio n , ca ll 
Wafter P. Schulze Realty 
333-4971 
653-2254 
$32-7164 

9 A C R E S W A T E R F R O N T 
O n s p r in g te d lo k e . $855 d o w n p a y m e n t 
$ IJ3 1/ p e r m o O w n e r fin an ced Coll 734 9598 

$ ACRES, wesf B e x a r Co O ak trees and creek Not in su b d iv is io n BEST 
R E A L T Y 924 4546 

C O U N TR Y L IV IN G 
B ig 3 2 den, huge fire p la c e , o nly 3 ye ars Old. On 5 h e e studded a cre s 
B la c k to p ro o d on J sid es 
F e nce , cross fenced 349-65o3. 4V4 7o4o 

_ Martha Worley Realtors _ 

Doctors Lawyers Teachers 
G ot th e t im e ’ r v e g o ! th e lo u d 
P lace your m oney w here the re tu rn 
Is b est 
1,2.3 a r re h o m e v lte s O r c o m m e rc ia l o crc o a e on 16o4 in the b o o m in g N W 
O 'na 
In te - r s l univ te rm s 
L A K E C R O F T R E A L ES 
T A T E , 342 H u t 
E ost c e n tra l o re o , 2 a cre s 
648 331o L G R IP P S R L T Y 64 8 o448 

After Christmas Land Sale 
A tre o g e on !feo4 
N W of San A n lom o F ro m $35oo per a c re 
T e rm s to suit Custom hom es g oin g up now 
HBG , INC 679 715o 

GROSEN BACHER RO. 
145 A c re s 
2 b e d ro o m hou se a n d b a rn 61o ft. E d w a rd * w e ll 
F ro n lo ge on a ll w e a th e r ro a d . 4,ooo ft 
L e s s th a n 5 m i fr o m L o o p 41o 
O ther tra c ts IO ac res a nd up. B exa i ond W ilson Co 
344-6268, 
341-6566, 
684 5768 
CONNALLY 
R E A L E S T A T E IN C 
G ro w your own m eat ond potatoes 
C o un try liv in g c ity convenience nu of P leasanton, 3o m in fro m S A 
21oo so ti o il e le c tric , b ric k , w ith fire p la c e o n d b ig ook tre e s on IO a c re s of c o a s ta l w ith 4 co w s and b u ll, g a rd e n spot w ith tra c to r and o il eouip 
A ll th is for o n ly $65 OOO a ll I 569 3169 or I 569 J674 o fte r 3 lr appl._________________________ 

W IN D W O O D E S T A T E S , I tor sole bv o w ne r, 249 2819 

223 RESORT PROPERTIES 

CANYON LAKE 
5 ACRE TRACTS 
O N L Y 1 3 T R A C T S L IF T 

 located in the Startzville 
Area Near Comal Pork. Some with lake views and creek front, many lorge ooks, os low os SI BOO per acre. Up lo 
15 years to pay of 8%. Coll anytime. 

4 
9 
7 
- 3 
5 
7 
1 o r 

1 
- 8 
9 9 
- 2 
1 8 
1 

MEDINA LAKE AREA 

 loige older home in Ink* Hills tx 
3 2%-2. pius 4 loom guest cohog* ond 
2 bedroom mobile home 

Strung* shed ond boot shed, opprox 
2 5 ocres of well landscaped and fenced lot Call ndes 656 8218 

6 5 3 -6 8 4 8 

 i i t a r t u n s o u t h v w s 

 r e a l t y 

A P P R O X . 25 A C R E S 
N o rtrw o st c o rn e r of L u c k e y Rd a nd 
B rig g s Rd , Southw est fle x o r Co J I ro c k h o m e e x c e lle n t c o n d itio n 
L o rg e d o u b le g a ra g e a n d w o rk sh op 
2 w a te r w e lls 
T e rm s 
F o r in to rm o tio n , ca ll 
Walter P. Schulze Realty 
333-4971 
653 2254 
5327)64 
A T T E N T IO N G I S 
1o o cre s near new C o un try C lub rn 
K e rrv ille G en tly ro llin g h ills , huge oak trees, deep soil $15oo per a c re 
896 744o 

A WHOLE MOUNTAIN 
A spar faculae vie w . o b stru r ted only bv la rg e oaks G arden soil. fenced unix! w ell o ver 7 o cre s O w n er w ill 
(m o n te 
R o be rt S m ith, 698 2o93 or 

BANDERA 

2 b e d ro o m , 
$75oo e qu ity. $54 m o Nee 
B l it Real E stole 222 9495___________ 
M cC u l l o m h i i t» -d io n '' 
? im '" on ainet stre et e xcellen t co nd itio n, v a a p p ra is e d a t $16,ooo No dom . seller w ilt pay att d o s in g cost* 
H U G H E S A BRISC OE 
623 3979 
M U ST i f e t THIS 
, ' ii- ftim o ir. 
O nly $215 to m ove in 
P aym en ts 
$19o 
JB J 
674 5461 
N E A R L A C K L A N D P 
A N Y T IM E 

 o n th i h o m e 
H a s covered pain 
Iro s Now $2 
Loon 674-$411 

 ta u te n d ro o m , 2 b a th u rg e to m it v ro o m ond m a n y other ex 
OOO No dow n on VA 

R E D C A R P E T 
N e a r 5. F i O f# %, c o * HIK I CM* m a c u la te c h a r m in g o»de» 7 be d ro om bom#*, fir ro u x e, Deco# Ire e v ar g arag e, VA F H A C oli 
O iga 
ERA 
JACK MITCHELL 
$32 31o7 
R e a lto r 
623-o1o8 

NO DOW N, J B ed ro om I , b ath , oh new c a rp e tin g , a p p lia n c e s B U Y NO 
D O W N VA o r a s s u m e $16o p e r m onth w ith m odest e au itv 67j J557 
HODSDO N A ASSOC 
R E A LT O R S 
KEY GROUP 
O PEN I FR M i. i i i 5o6 Leu th is lovely J Bedroom , t both. sm ote ca r g a ra o e , c e n tra l a ir-h e a t, 8 • 12 patio, range and re frig e ra to r t em om 
R E D C A R P E T 
O P E N f E R M ii" 1 1 1 ,lo ~fo7 th i o gle cai i * i7 lovetv 3 bed ro om I p ath , sir g o ro g e . c e n tra l a ir h e a t patio, ra n ge and re frig e ra to r re m a in 
R E D C A R P E T 
P IV M E N U i i 5 r f HAN"# ENT- ' b egloom s, clean 57oo m o ve in cast. 
$15o mo 
696 742o W A Y N E S LA T E R 344 o914 lit AIL H Y kill V r 'J corpore (.Ollie w ith p a n e le d liv in g a n d f a m ily lo o m 
I JOO sa ti new roof and lots of won to wan th ro u g h o u t 434 2341 
R E D C A R P E T v a lLF? HTf75iiYH---------- 
L a rg e 3 b e d ro o m h o m e , J b a th double g a ra g e F enced tot w ith lots ut tre es Can to d a y! 
B R IG H A M R E A L T Y 471 1461 
W E S T W O O D P A R K J I CP c 
$175 to m ove in p aym en ts $165 
JA J 
676-5461 
A N Y T IM E 
“ w t s t wooo V IL I A C E 
J I * I f # , $19o d o w n , $165 m o n th 
4/5 1691, 673 I / / / , 61J 5/7o 
P O IN T E R R E A L E S T A T E wfcSfwb6b v a i l S I ~ T 
~ lie n a l 3 b e d ro o m 
2 b a th la rg e to n n iy ro o m . c a rp e tin g th r u p u t! 
7114 
W estport 
W ay 
A ssam # ut re fin an ce 
Tower View Inc. 732 6157 
• • • ISSI W G erald, D uplex, f o r ner 
W ill 
N o th in g d ow n v a 
H ublam os Espanol 
923-1964 A rc im e g u R e a lty 923 52o6 
. 
11 s i T w i ; r z r r '" o ~ ; r I e a rn e r 
N o th in g d ow n VA 
W ilt go 
FHA H at,'amos Espanol ■ 
I 
921-19o4 A rc in ie a a R e a lty 921 52o4 

 stale 

$77oo le i m s 
34? 1661 

 b a r g a in . G oo d 
L o k e c r o t t R e a l 

BEAUTIFUL ACRE 
Out 281 N o rth , neui B u lv e rd e C re a l b u ild in g site w o te r. e le c tric ity ond paved toa d s 
C all 
497-3757 or 
4 3o13 
5 B e a u tifu l high t a cre hom e sites ar Leon V o lle y this Ion a w o rth a n n u m $74 OOO w ill s a c rific e for 
),OOo M a ke arter 736-5o3/ 

BOERNE AREA 
JUST R E D E C O R A T E D b ric k 3 be d ro om , 2 b ath hom e on I iQ roe lots in Boerne, lo ud * of e x tra s $38,5oo 

S PA C IO U S L IV IN G A R E A , w 'fh 3 b edroom s, I' z b ath hom e in a a m el eluded o rea of B oe rn e M o ve in now $79,ooo 

H ID E -A W A Y on th is 1 8 /6 A c re s . 
Ola on 2 s id e s by la rg e ra n c h , fenced on 3 sides ne ar B oe rn e in ll e s ta b lis h e d s u b d iv is io n 
O w ner fin a n c in g w ith good te rm s 

S E C L U D E D m o d e rn ro c k 4 be d ro o m , 7 b o th hom e w ith d o u b le g arag e situ ate d on appox 
11 beau btu! ook studded acres w ith p a n ty jf deer quo ii a nd dove $61,5oo 

SOUTH OF B O E R N E , this b e a u tifu l 
>t w ith 2ox24 g a ra g e p iu s 17x12 tto c h e a ro o m , e le c t r ic it y ■ roper tv $9,ooo 

AMASON REALTY 
1 149-8532 

BOERNE AREA 
N ew tantoshc sp lit level in b e a u tifu l 
H ill C o u n try J J gigs. loaded Save a p p ro x $6o a m o n th in ta x e s 
Wa te rtro n t live oaks g a lo re 
In te re s t p a y m e n t due Fen I D espar ate tor 
(O n tro c t 
WHI d is c o u n t fo r aa s o le or to k e tro d e 
C a ll c o ll 
249 2332. 749 738/ 
B O E R N E , 
U eoutitul ter bedr oom 2 b oth hoi ced y a rd 249 /8 I9 

BUERKE S BEST 
We have 3 a nd 4 bed ro om J and b oth , cu sto m b a in b eauties a h 
Ot m o s o n a ry c o n s tr u c tio n , w ith c u s to m b u ilt m s cmd d e ta ile d tea t u r e s . on o a k s tu d d e d lo ts O' a cre ag e w ith b e a u tifu l view s. M ost have fa m ily ro o m s and fire p la c e s 
C all tor m o re in fo rm a tio n 
249 3545 or 249 2478 
242 $ 
M A IN 
B O E R N E 
T I X 
U M George R eally 

Guadalupe River Beauty 
74 A cres w ith b e o u titu l fiv e r fro n t. new hom e w ith fire p la c e new w ell on ooved ro a d, one m ile fro m in lo or C o m io rt 
A.C. Schwetheim & Assoc 
IQI F ro n t S tre e t, C o m fo rt, T exas 
8o13, Telephone 
(5121 995 3313 o r 
512) 995 7163 N ight- 

A B E A U T IF U L LO T AT 

 sTioo 
LO T 
A ll UtH It lets near lake boat ra m p 
SHOO or $1oo d ow n 
$ lj m onth tor 84 m o n th s, 8 V in te re st 
LO T * L o rre , t o l e and swlm cyilno I pool and bout ra m p near bv tn 
16oo chisv te rm s 
LOT * H igh on a h ill b e a u tifu l view a rg # site ia*«r near bv 
$14oo or 
$1oo down. $18.J8 for V6 m o n th s 8 n te re st 
OT • W a te rfro n t near s w im m in g uoo* and b oat ra m p B e a u tifu l eosv te rm s 

C A R T . E . J O N E S 

9 2 3 -6 2 1 1 

H U O A c q u ire d H o rn e t o ff S o u th o rz o m o ro a n d P o te e t H ig h w a y 
C oll us for s e rvice 
924 42o9 
A L L R E A L T Y 
531 7987 
IR R IG A T E D L A N D CLO SE IN 
O wner to t a r r y loan on 2o v down 
Q uick d e liv e ry 7? m ile s of c ity 
W ATSO N A SON R E A LT O R S 
736 1764 
878 o664 
333 1163 

JUST REDUCED MUST SELL 
Good in vestm en t or m u tin g d a ta o u n trv liv in g , 
, cle e p a v e d o u ts id e c ity lim its L ithe S m ith, A gent 534 189o 
L A R G E B U IL D IN G SITE n o rth fro m Loop N W d esired m deep soil and wooded a rea 
6 le c .tr ic 'I v . a n d p h o n e 
P a y m e n ts of $42 /9 a t 7% s tm o le der est a rte r sm a ll dow n (la ym e n ! a ll Les ♦ n iter 6 /9 7229 

LARGE COUNTRY HOMES 
Custom built 1-3 Acres. Ook trees, h ill country 
N o rlh -N o rth w e $ t. 
Hom es ready to move into Financed 
We custom build Hove 1-3-S acre tracts available We con­ sider trodes 
Sawyer Const. 
Co 
733 o4o9 
494 2743 

LARGE HOMESITE b u r b a n o a k c a v ile d c o r n e r , 
C hilde schools C ity type u tilitie s , a p p ro x 
I ' , a c re s 
C lose to M ea e nte r 
C a ll M ild r e d , RE A L TOR 
49 1121 n ites 694 7JI4 
Arthur E. BIARD 
M otor H ig h w ay F io n to g e B oerne 
15 or 25 a c re s , good la n d no sub d iv is io n a ra<e fin d in th is a re a 
□ w ilt r 
494 1332 

MINI RANCH 
35 a c re s b e o u titu l 3 b e d ro o m , b a th , b ric k h om e w ith f ir e p lu i la rg e m e ta l b o rn , e x c e lle n t we te n te d , p a v e d ro a d . c lo s e in to 
Seguin R oot w a ter -a ste rn o vod u 
Pie 
M 
O 
I YE R L I Y A ASSOC 
454 2476 
M obile hom e 7 b e d ro o m , I b oth und I t a c re s Ort P u ll o n to Road 
M a rs h a ll and Leon V o lle y schools 
Deep wen Room for h orses Lots of oak tre e s , b e a u tifu l p r iv a te su r i oundm gs In s ta n t s u b u rb a n liv in g 
No 
City taxes 
S /I OOO 
T e rm s 
679 7886 

76 MODELS SAVE 
Disc aunt on j custom hom es, tend ed D eveloper m ost deplete this in v e n to iy before s ta rtin g new m odels f e bu orv I Save over SSO m onth on ta x e s 
N e w (a k e , b e a u tifu l H it 
C ountry B oe rn e a re n C ibolo Oak- 
S u b d iv is io n 
J u s t Oft I H IO 
Cut co lle ct 749 2/44 249 2382 or nrtes SA 
’ 35 3634 

►MOUNTAIN TOP NORTH* 
A s t a g g e r in g y b covered w ith oaks 
494 Lh1 

 t o r 
594oo 698 

M O U N T A IN T O P NW 
51 A c re s re a r Leon S p rin g s , s u b d iv id e a n d sen 15 a c re s , 2o a c re s . 31 o c re s or a lt. O w n e r Im once C ecil O rric k 
/ I i SVW Don im ilt i B ro k e r 67/ to m 

|>U 

572,5oo 

B Y O W N E R H ill C o un try 
W ind w o od E s ta le s . B o e r 
4 2 '/? ' z, on t i aer s 
1 /5 5 4274 
CO M AL C O U N T Y A C R E A G E 
25 TO 5o A C R IS 7 m iles tra m New 
B ra u n ie ls on H w y 3o6 to C a n y o n 
D u rn id e a l to r d e v e lo p m e n t or sm a ll ra n c h B e a u tifu l tre e s 16oo It ro o d fr o n ta g e 
AI 2 SO p e r a c re 
O w n e r b o o m e d w ith a b o u t 2U . down. I ' in te re s t on b ala n ce tor 
IO ye ars 
15 A C R IS B e a u tifu l 3 7 b ric k hom e w ith fn e p ia c e L a rg e o aks o nd few cedor tre es Good g ra ss, lo cate d on 
H u nte r 
Rd 
3 m iles fro m 
New 
B i ountels 
16 AC R E F A R M w ith s m a ll hom e 
S urrounded w ith tre es 538 SOO 
T U N N E L L R IA L E S T A T I 
O ffic e en H u n te r Rd 
I m ile fro m 
New B ra u n fe ls SIS 34o7 or P O Box 
172, N ew B ra u n fe ls 

MUST SEU!! 
BeoijtfYyi Him C o un try b u ild in g tnt# p a ve d ro o d * a n d * o ter » v » t*n th is e x c lu s iv e a re a 
C o il 497 V U 
H I M ) J P itt & 

NEAR SDMERSET 
I and 7 a c re tr a its , b e o u titu l oaks h w y fr o n ta g e 
SSO d a w n , s m u t m o n th ly 
B ill 
H a rp e r 
494 7412 
344 25)4 

N E B O T A X S H E L T E R ’ 
276 A c re s ne 
$95o p e t a er 
214 «26 ?6jo, I ........ 

NO C IT Y T A X IS ” 7 o c re s w ith se eluded 4 b ed ro om hom e N E I S O 
P r ic e d r g h t w ith e x c e ll t n t fin a n c in g 349 42/6, 342 5o18 

JIM VIX REALTOR 

.a k e C o la s 
O w n e r tin o n c 

A B E A U T IF U L LOT AT 
CANYON LAKE 
SHOO 
LO T ■ A ll U tilitie s near lake boat 
o 
SHOO or SIOO d ow n . $15 59 | m onth for 84 m onths, 8 in te re st 
LO T • L a rg e 
L ake and s w im m in g pool a nd boot ra m p near bv trees 
$16oo eosv te rm s 
LOT • H igh on a h ill b e a u tifu l view 
L a rg e site lase near bv 
$14oo o 
IOO dow n SIS 36 for 96 m o n th s 8 

LO T • W a te rfro n t i pool o nd b oat ro m p ms. 

 a r sw im m in g 
(-ootitoi easv 

C A P T . E . J O N E S 
923-6211 

4 + AC CQPONO BAY 
.IOO p ie r, deep channel S stohl boathouse, pool, 3 houses, oaks 
828 o665 
714 1766 
646 o8/1 
W ATSO N A SON R E A LT O R S 

42 o r re liv e oak h ills lo in s huge in c h , d ee r tu r k e y 
$195 p e r a c re 
I (ber pl te rm s I 896 244o 
_____ 

464 
A C R E 
R A N C H , n e o r 
R io 
M e d in a B e a u tifu l ro llin g h ills ex e e lle n t ra n c h la n d a n d e x c e lle n t h u ntin g $8oo per p e re 534-6/1 1 
IOO 335 A C R E S B A N D E R A pood lo c a tio n , good h u n tin g , O w n * ' tin a n te d S IM M O N S R E A L E S T A T E 
Poteet, 
1-742-3368, 
1 742 865$, 
342 4o53________________ _ _ _ _ _ _ 
3o6 A C R E S B A N D E R A C O U N T Y 
R A N C H 
L e v e l 7 ro llin g w ith liv e lo o k c o v e re d te r r a in , p e rm a n e n t lake stocked w ith fish, 2 s m a ll stor k tan ks ond creek E x c e lle n t h u n tin g , 
Ideo! place tor ru n n in g a few head of 
I c a ttle or e n v y in g lite 
S how n by a p p o in tm e n t 
O w n e r f in a n c in g 
698-2111 or I 796 3757_______________ 
5o AC RES B e a u tifu l oaks, deer ond 
| tu r k e y 
5 m ile s s o u th of M e d in a 
L ake $15oo per p ere I 5J8 2o/5 
J 5 
A C R E S , $6995 
F in a n c in g 
A /g iio b le By O w ner I cxapzc, 
2o 68 a c re s , H ill C o u n ti v r,4 - t i 
L ittle B lanco R ive t 
Fenced m a n y o ut bields, liv e a b le fa rm h o u s e good soil m o s s B ianco or ( n m o l schools 
Deer 
E q u ity assum e 
O nly $44 OOO 
BJT 4455 B lu m o 
23 ACHES H ILL COUNTRY 
G ood h u n tin g c o u n try 
$5/o d ow n p o v m e n t, $88 79 per m o n th 
F ir o n ie d bv o w ner Coll / ic /964 
4o ACRES H IL L COUNTY 
66 a a y d e e r t u r k e y 
$V9o d o w n p a y m e n t, $154 41 p e r m o O w n e r fin a nced. Cull 734 9J63 
4o6 Acres-Kendall Co 
On west side of IH IO n o rth o p p ri kl w of B o e rn e 
B e a u tifu l c v ie w s 
W a te r w e ll m a n y tre e s 
Sell o il Of '■». P ric e d rig h t te rm s F or in fo rm a tio n , c o lt ■ 
Walter P. Schulze Realty 
331 49/1 
4S3 72S4 
532 7164 
32o A c re s M e n o rd Co 
E x c e ile n i w o r k in g o r g a m e r a n c h 
S m a ll lo g e on Son S ab a R iv e r 
' 
M in e ia ls $345 p e r o c re 
T e rm s 
B A T T S 
R E A L 
E S T A T E . 
I 915 365-3379 D a y o r N ig h t 
Gene 
Keel. I 9|$ 365 35o5 Da y s __________ 

7o A C R E S 
5 M IL E S N O R T H of 
New B ra u n fe ls Has good hom e and fenced O w ner w ill fin a n c e 
684 4211 o r 711-9943 
P IO N E E R R E A L T Y 
7o A C R E S - 5 M IL E S N O R T H of 
N ew B ra u n fe ls 
$ A c re s n e a r Po feet 
Both w ith hom es o nd fen ce d 
O w ners w ill fin an ce 
684 4211 or 7$I 9943 
P IO N E E R R E A L T Y 
1/5o Ai res 4' m iles oat of U va ld e m iles riv e rfr o n t 
Bv o w ner 
IM 2 7 8 5466 
83 A C R E S neo r N ixo n , lo in s la rg e o n ih w ith g r e a t h u n tin g g oo d n tr g l o re o. oood ro o d fro n t ond trees P ric e only $45o p er a c re , w ith dow n, hoi 
In to y e a rs at 8 
C o lt 
W O L F 
R E A L 
E S T A T E 
I 564 2451 or I 564 3452 lo b ACRES Near P le asa nto n $55o o c re G oo d o w n e r fin a n c in g all Tex M oc R e alty $ A 
724 OOH I. n igh ts P leasanton I 569 J/59 
19? A CRES P O T E E T in c lu d e s nice h o m e , fo r m e q u ip . g o o d p e o n u t in c o m e , good h u n tin g O w n e r tin a n n a S IM M O N S R E A L E S T A T E , 
P oteet I 742 3361 347 4o51_________ 
591 ACRES, 2 wote-i w e lls, 2 tan ks hov sfieds. - m a ll house som e coos ta i and k lln e g ra s s On b la c k to p , oood fa rm la n d 
25o A C R E S 4o rn co a s ta l, b a la n ce u ltiv u tio n good b la c k la n d 
IOO AC R IS . so m e c o a s ta l, -.ame va I io n , so m e n a tiv e p o s tu re 
>c and w o te r w ell On b '-i H i I 
146 ACRES weft, tan!* la rg e ronty countv ro a d Oood 
[kind 
Dick Young Real Estate 
Kames C ity , Texas 

ACREAGE TRACI 
N E A R C A N Y O N L A K E 
S U P E R LOW P R IC E 
O W N E R F IN A N C E D 
C A P T A IN E . J O N E S 
923-4211 

I / 6o 24oo r r s f s i T w ith ? b 
766 2197 
I b a th hoi e ar P oteet an H w y 6 $78,ooo Can 
Y e . M a c R e o lty , 5 A 
724 oo81 n igh ts P leasanton I 569 J/59 

141 AO KI, 12 miles north of 
Sabinal beoutitul hills and volleys excellent hunting. 
SOC I d ! FARM, I miles north o! 
Knippa Goad house, mony other improvements Excellent irrigation potential 
I M ACI! f ABM, 4 wries northwest of 
Sabinal 
Excellent irrigation potential 
4,ISS ACM RANCH, 
12 miles north of Sohinol 
Fenced in 6 postures, 4 welts. I'5 mites of 
Sabinal Rivet 
Best ot deer ond turkey hunting 
Ideol for exotic gum* ranch 
623 ACM RANCH, 14 miles north of Hondo Very good hunting Nice house, mr conditioned and hooted 
162 ACRES, S miles Northwest of 
o Hams. 74 acres oil field with stock tank In Quihi 
66 ACRES, 9 miles Southwest of 
Castroville 2 tanks mobile heme, good fences conia! ond klein gross ifc l ACRES. I (Hiles Southwest of 
Hondo 
Veiy good fences, qood took, I well with windmill good cor rol, best of hunting for deei, turkey, dove and quail 
196 ACRES 4 miles Northwest of 
Castroville, I well and strong spnng 
Good hunting 
152 ACRE FARM, S miles west of 
Hondo older house, good wells cmd fences 
23 ACRES WITH OLDER HOUSE, IS ocres in coastal, I well, city woter, highway frontooe on Stole Hwy 
153 2 milos Northeast of Hondo 
NICE HOUSE ON I ACM with good well in Dunlay 
CLAUD* EC H U * H U R I A ir y 
11 I t I 7TH s m u t 
HONDO, TX. 
76661 
SI 2-426-241 3 S 12-426-2S IO 
Ameen ae* 

REAL COUNTY 

UAKEY-VANDCRPOOl 
AREA 

Scenic 4oo ocres in West Sabinal 
Rivet 
Volley 
Gotgeous con temporary Home with guest house 
Aho, 
2 bedroom rustic hunting lodge with toeplate 
Mony im pavements Br eof h toking view 
2 miles of cool, spangled streams 
Abundant deei ond tuikey Approx 
ISO ocres in open meadows Owner will cony lo ll rn wnte for brochure 

CAU 494-5227 

Armstrong Co. 

{c o m m e r c ia 
I 
- * 

COM MERCIAL PR OPERTY] 
SALE 
1% ACRI 
N ear W ind sor M a ll and IM TS S m a ll house a nd tw o a p a rtm e n ts Can be e zoned 
Coll tor d e ta ils 822 1552, 
A n y tim e 

 fiDRTREAST REALTY 
IS A C R E S : 3 m ite * "o u t o f C itv 
L im it s , on 181 S o u th 
U t ili t i e s a va ila b le We fin an ce. E asy te rm s , 
924 6666, 623 1932 6o a fte r 6. , 
I ' ) A CRES OF P R IM E C O M M E R 
Cl AL P R O P E R T Y on H w y 8/ in the 
H E A R T OF B O E R N E " , C o ll to r 
D e tails ort oth e r p ro p e rtie s . 
249 3545 o r 249 2678 
242 S 
M A IN 
B O E R N E , 
T E X 
R .M . G e o r g e B e p it y 
18 A C R E S : R a ilr o a d f r o n ta g e . 
C lose in, I m i. o u t ot C ity L im its 
W ilt sell o il o r p a rt, No re s tric tio n s 
Good lo catio n IH 37 So and Donop 
R d 
W ill fin a n c e , e a s y t e r m s . 
924 6666 631 1932 
BIG B R IC K 
3 3 2, o ffic e 
A ll p a n e lb d 
T e rra z o 
Hoar 
On fa n ta s tic c o rn e r O utsid e 
NC J ib B io lo i G re a t hom e o ft a >• 
M AC R E A L E S T A T E 828 2521 
B U S IN E S S tot an W est A ve n ea r 
Ore ten B I 9oc sa ft 
7 34 5434 C P K O S U B 342 o343 

COMMERCIAL PROPERTIES 
A ssot le d A c re a g e and Int-, 
F ro m 
S W 
M ilit a r y D r to S 
F lo re s 
C o m m e rc ia l St 
P le a s a n to n Rd 
You have a w ide vat le tv lo choose b o rn For your needs please c o il 
924 7311 
Beanie Owens Co 
45o S W M iln o r v Dr 
R E A LT O R S M LS 

DIMMIT COUNTY 
5oo A cre s p o lc n tlo i d e v e lo p m e n t 
F or in fo rm a tio n ca ll 
COOKE R E A L T Y 
512 923 271? 
D uplex on $ F lores, d o s e lo tow n 
M a k e o tte r 
E s la te s e ttle m e n t 
924 81 16, 337 4927 
H Y A T T R E A L E S TA TE 
E F F IC U P S TA IR S A P T w ith co m irn*i clot R i tenant on g ro u n d flo o r, re d uce d to $24,75o to s h 
A LL C IT Y 
R E A L T Y CO RP 
7.16 1851 Eves ca ll R uth 434 o286 
F o r Sale or Lease, 6o(>o s a it m o s o oty buildin g , includes 1ooo sn ti offices ond sh ow roo m , a ir and heot. achat en! d o w n to w n E x p re s s w a y s , te n te d b ack p a r k in g lo t 
12o9 fc 
E lm ira 342 2594 

G O O D I N V E S T M E N T 
O ffice B uild in g w ith p len ty ot p a rk m g on San P e d ro G ood R e tu rn 
Owner fin an ce 
15 c> dow n, 8 . long te r m 
F r a n k L e o n a r d a n d Co , 
7.14 6/56 or 69o 16/1________ ________ 
IN C O M E H O M E ™ 
T a ll co lu m n s, b ig p o rc h e s up and down, t r l plox or c o n v e rt io hom e 
MAC R E A L E S TA TE 838 2521 

NEAR AIRPORT 
O rtu i W a re h o u se 6.o55 sa t i to fn i 
4.3oo u lt c o n d itio n e d I , /OO sci It la n d 
$84,75o 
O w n e r C o rry 
C art 
W B K letter >41 9191 
Naylor Realty Inc _ 

 l l NORTHSIOE ACRES t xt e lle n ! a p t or n u r s in g h o m e lo c a tio n in S u n s h in e P a rk n e a r srhnols, bus, shops a lre a d y zoned 
D A pt and re s id e n tia l, E asy te rm s 
341 4455 
H IT E S 684 79o9 

LAUREN B. BABWEBEY 

PLUMBING SHOP 
Q uat le is I 2 3, In v e n to ry to be p urcha sed se pa ra te, on B la nco 
828 (1665 
736 176* 
736 4117 
WA IS O N A S O N R E A L T O R S __ 
21 A C H E S in tra n s p o rta it b usin e ss In d u s tria l c om bun A ntonio, in sid e Loop iv a lla tiie , c le a re d lop in to in d u c t! tai, 
H ill C o u n try N e at K e rrv ille 
4 b e d ro o m , 2 b a th lo b a r 
T e n n is c o u rt On 2!> ac i es or m oi e $1oo,oo(1 
I 86o 14/1 

H u n tm g C o u n t r y IOO A C R E S 
$149 it) ut r ac re , ow ner Im a m r d for 
IO ye ars, 7>.°v sim ple in te re st w ith 
5 ’. dow n p a y m e n t. L o ll 714 7964 
K A R N E S C O U N T Y 
52 A cre s w a fe r w ell cro ss te n te d 
Im p ro v e d g ro s s G ood w e eke n de r lo c a tio n 
$37,5oo 
L u ll R a n d y a t 
V estlgnd, (5171 8541 IQ IS 
I LOVT I Y HO M E 5 OI- 45 Ac I es pig luke b a m and pen. $1 t5,oOo 
P IP E C R E E K R E A L T Y 
695 334? 
N E A R ST OC H D A l t 
38 6 A i r 
$85o Pet A cre 684 629o 
N e w 
B r a u n ie ls H ill 
C o u n tr y 
P ro p e rty Sr heel A Assoc 
R e a lly i t *, Seguin N IG acinic! -625 8o/8 

$36o OO PER ACRE 
3? 56 a c re f r a t ! 
L e a k e y A re a 
H e a v ily woocfed Good h u n tin g $?5g o w n 
$1o9 8 ? m o n th ly 
E m o r y s 734 462/ 

RANCH LISTINGS 
We need ra n c h a nd ta i rn lis tin g s w ith in 15o m l of son A n to n ia Call 
M a r ro o , 494 1419. 34? 216o Of r I6 o o I io n P e d ro , S A 
T . 
78216 MBG Real I stale 
R E T IR E M E N T RE TRC AT a c re s w ith 2 b e d ro o m h om e n e w F to re s v itle 5 o u tb u ild in g s , c a ll tor ch frills 
B R IG H A M R E A L T Y 671 1461 

RIMCO REALTY 
484 866o F o rm s 
R anches 493 7/96 
SWT F a rm A H unch R eal E state 
P O Box 563. C o tulla. Tx 76614 
35 A c re s on N u e c e s R iv e r, n ic e h ou se a n d b o r n . c liv w a te r a n d f r u it y , lr i la o tia n rig h ts tra m 
I, la rg e d am Vet v good fis h in g 
$6o,ooo a nd goad te rm s a v a ila b le to u u o lifie d b uye r C o n to rt 
Lee Roy P ete rs, Sr 
I 6/9 2/59 or $79 H H , o ft 5 1/9 2159 

ACRES w ith oood creek o nd bra n oth lno dow n 
P IP E C R E E K R E A L T Y 
695 )342 

B E A U T IF U L M E D IN A R IV E R 
FR O N T tots 
Law . tow dow n 
For d etails, 
*84 4711 o r 711 9943 
P IO N E E R R 
A L T Y 
B E A U T IF U L S IT ! on F ria B u 
M u si set- it to re o lly opprec tate it m iles N o rth ai S ab in al a i ( o n io n 
N ic e c a b in a ir c o n d itio n e d , ti p io c e 
W hole p la c e is fe n c e d and r n e d 
C o rp e t g r o s s o v e r the- w h o le v o rd 
B e o u titu l o o k . e lm . d o r a n d c o tto n w o o d lr 
B e a u tifu l v ie w o v e r lo o k in g 
R iver w ith w a lk w a y dow n to t i 
C L A U O E S C H U E H L E R E A L T Y 
I I H I7TM S T R E E T 
HONDO 
TX 
’ 
76861 
512 426 3417 
$17 476 751o 
M E M B E R T F R A 

ATTENTION VETS 
1 hove s e v e ra l Texos V eis N oels q u a lif ie d 
V e ts w h o h o v e et ve il the ir a p p lic a tio n 

Land Locators ut Texas 
V A 66/ 1154 6 6 / I J J J 
B A N D E R A C O U N T Y 34 ACRES 
Upoer S abinal C anyon L iv e W o ter 
J K L E IG H T O N , R E A L T O R S 
I V ondergoot, Tx_________513 966 146o 

BIG DEER in t e r s P a r a d is e 
144 
A c ie s 
M u lle n C o u n ty in a re a of b ig ne ties C o il R E A L T O R ]49 t i l l 
•des 695 3196 

CANYON LAKE 
M OBILE LOT 
1o.ooo sa. ti fa n ta s tic vie w 
P u t ra m p n e a r b y 
$14oo. I dow n 78 m o n th s a t $71 43 APR 
M E L M I L L E N 
224 2374 

B L A N C O . T E X A S 
8o a c re p ig a n d 146 a c re p lace $775 p er acce 
A lso 5o/ a c re ra n c h w ith U vt creek d a m m e d w ith lakes $77$ p er o c re 
M M 
CANYON L A K ! 
R esidential ,7 o cre b oa t doc moi picnic o re o JO m in fro m tow n, o il u tilitie s a va ila b le 
727 6277 W ATSO N A SON 
J I) o544 

B v O w n e r 
I / T i B e t w e lls , b a n i $65,ooo 
T e rm s 
M is P erez 394 6o4 $, F re q r^ B 
B Y O W N E R 

CANYON LAKE 

Fen sloe tan ks 
$/5,( 

 a c r e . m o d e rn h o m e , o u tb u ild in g ss fen ce d good w a tt 
I / m ile s SW Bec-vin 
OO 
T E 
Minsri 

C e rtifie d apeN oised va lue N ani 2 ho hi. wok m g d ra p e s , t i 
G a r y A g u a tl oat fu lly eau loped or g a r a ge , 4 if re q u ite s L ow cash 
K) assum e 
Ow 

CHERRY CREEK RANCH 
O v e r 66o a c re s at g e n tly c a tlin 
M ill C o u n try O nly I 
I m in u te s n o r th of L o o p *1o w it h ig h w a y a c c e s s 
B e a u tili 
I t ra n c h ho /s e se. bf ably 
: ed m s , shed os* te n te d 
H e a t hi a ttra c tiv e term - 
J M C U L L IN A N R E A L T O R 
47o JACKSO N K E L L E R , 76714 
$17 344 2 441 

C A N Y O N L A K S —E Y O W NER 
5 a cre s on paved road o v e rto o k i la k e , n e a r b o o l la u n c h 
L o tk tre e s , w a le r a n d e le c tr ic ity 
* divine and fin an ce 
494 272/ 
341 2963 
Hocseshoe Bay tot. m a n n a , an take view , p o rt, god 

U P P E R L A k t P L A C ID 
S E G U IN 
M C Q U E E N Y A R B A 
12$ P l beau tria l w a te rfro n t 
Bra fa m ily hom e a n d o r home incom e H ig h lo catio n , m o n y ext 
P riv a te a re a L ow $4o 5 
734 o61$, 696 o4)7, 499 M D 
B E U L A H M A E K E L L E R , R e o llo i 

C H W A H L R E A L T Y 
Go od selection F o rm s R anches 
I 1/9 5*91 I 179 $716 
S eguin 
Tx c. C l i a h i r e a l t y 
" I 
Good selection F a rm s R anches 
[ ) 1/9 $49) t 3/9 $716 
Seguin 
T x 
ED W A R D S R A N C H R E A L T Y 
Buy your rand fro m the native s 
PIP E C R E E K , TX 69$ 6484 
F a rm ond R anch L is tin g s W onted] ho A e r o r b itte r! 6‘> 
Son A ntonio tK rtte lu ll d e ta il* ] 

I 
1 .o GOZA, R E A L T O Ill 
618 M cC ullough Ave , San A ntonio 
111 t m 
322 53oo 826 5 6 I8 M E 
FARMS RANCHES 
RESIDENCE 
■ I M GEORGE REALTOR ■ 
242 
$. 
Mom. 
Boerne 
246-1476 
J i l l * ! 

 m i l e s o r G u a d a l u p e r iv e r 
Fish ar sw im east of Seguin. Sr free shaded sloping w a te rfro n t lot. n ic e m o d e rn I be coom , I 1, pc n o m e . s c re e n e d p o i fire p la c e --M O R I A ll tor $23,5oo 
C AR LO S B R A W N E R R E A L T Y 
179 *947 
S E Q U IN . T E X 
$61 I 
K in g s b u ry 
P O 
Box ID 2 

 o n ia ie s Co n e a t H a rw o o d r IO 
2* o c re s in A u s tin Ch re n d o n e s ix t e e n t h r o y a lt y 
$15,ooo By O w n er ITS I 
GREAT 
HUN TIN G 12o 
ACRES 
$129 5o per a c re , f%, dow n p a y m e n t w ith 2o year te rm s c t I • \ sim ple in te re s t 
O w ner fin a n c e d 
C oli 
7)4 7964 

P R IM E lio n snml plea ut L 
*1o, a ll cif 11 It i«- * 
CliHi re o dv lo dr w u i e ho usr m u lti ta m ily 
J M C U L L IN A N R E A L T O R 
144 2141 

BUB JONIS, Rf A U URS 
•ii and tease I 

W ill t>a« h 
Ty Et 

IM) Woll eft for \7 af HOO 

KH Ii 
MOS mnos#v« < buikJm y I o rn e r tot 
•'xUibiished business 
SOO C ASH rind leas# 
>o to ear 

HO 

 feet spot far cai es aa h ill on hw y only IO auth of S A No H ni'jroverrun) sh tre es Good sail, weber 
Mils 
Low tO tfts 
VMO ae* 
St7-643 VH9 

 hom e 

 m in o t re 

S O U TM W l ST M IL IT A R Y OR i h iL s t o s t o f im is in ta r o r 
Southside ^h o o p in g (e n te r 
A i1 < put i O ver 47.ooo sci H of la n d lite* tu t b u s in e * * o r o ffic e 
977 6 18 
/ m in i9 J? < t Mil<e A u s tin 

TRACKAGE BARGAIN is A rr* ' 
6 m in fr n m rf o w u t aw» 
SPRR M a in lin e 4 w ay th < ess to I 

/O N E L C O M M E R C IA L ' 
, HO A, i es on W W W aite Re] 
^ J J ^ W T ^ R ^ a p o n d H i^ J trtjr^ jc S i^ O N 

Z38 COMMERCIAL PROPERTY 
LEASE 

P R O P E R T Y E X C H A N G E S 
R I G IO N A I. A N D N A I IO N W ID I 
D E V A U L ! A ASSOC 349 24/7 
— RA N C H L A N O S — 
L a n d F o r A il P u rpove* 
7 F 'm ilto n * . 78213 
>44 991* 

TAKE YOUR PICK 
ATASCOSA C O U N T Y 
*o * ACRE R A N C H paved a rra s * 
2oo or re * cultivatable, balance in br ash 
? )*] A CR ES of p a rtia lly unplayed anc b la n d good aer t i s and im routine ut*. A rt! -.1,111 wi ll 
B E X A R C O U N T Y l l ACR ES inside f M 1*o4, no'th of 
Thou MHH] 
Oaks on 
J one* 
M a ttsb e ru er ll? ACRES, g e n tly cio p p in o fe rtile land w ith 2 hooves 
B LA N C O C O U N T Y 
1674 A C R E S ty p ic a l hill country with homes, shed pens 
W ILSO N C O U N T Y 
A P P R O X 
76 A C R E S at fe r tile undy 'aam , old nous#, 2 hand duo wells, creek tai rn road frontage 
J M C U L L IN A N R E A LTO R 
SI? 344 2341 

BOB JONIS, REALTORS 

TEXAS VETS 
4 wooded acres. 5 nine* n 
■Omer vet AM w err th ar rood ank an p r o p e r ty 
E le c t 
I val‘able $15 ooo 696 533o 

PROFESSIONAL REALTY 

2 TRACTS FAST 
CcwjfctpL tar»8 v fence' 
671 o465 
I i * M 6 4 
$34 44)9 
WATSON A SON R E A LTO R S 
W A N T TO LE A S E 1666 $466 acres of g ra zin g land 
C o n tac t V ern o n 
Janssen 1*39 4246 
H 

 w hat type Ranch de yea w ent* 
RANCH M A R K E T 4$$ 4764. 774 $114 
Rt 3 Sex 33>. Sen Antonio 76311 
W ILSO N C O U N T Y 
Fabulous 166 
O w ner F in a nce d 
166 acre P rim # C eeslei 
P otential 
1766 It arr strip Beautiful bldg Site wells, pens. irrig a tio n e a u ,a m m i 
Over ?'!oo ti en San Antonie. Rival 
Many large Pecan trees Owner will finance 
O W N E R F IN A N C E D 
117 ACRES 
14 Acre* c u ltiv a te d Some Coastal 
Good b a rn , pens, e q u ip m e n t shed stat fc tai a w ell w ith w in d m ill 
M C E LR O Y R E A L T Y 
F lo re s v ille , Tx 
71114 I 391 OSSO 
S A 727 9716 

WORKING RANCH 
Will self ail or port KMX) ac r • * sandy loam and b la c k la n d leo o c re * if to o te d a p p r o x 6oo a c re s ti o a s to l B e rm u d a 
A p p ro x 
2oo cr es P eanut allotm ent 5 house 
SOO sa It m odem d a iry b a rn 
16 nett irrig a tio n w ell 66oo it ri i ant age 
T o n e * w ith fish 
M 
-mer im provem ents inctadm d 4,WK g It ranch house 
35 m ile * h o 
>A, mite from town 
T e rm *, own a rry 349 65o3, *94 7o4o 

Manna Martov Realtors 

Y O R K TO W N A r e a 'A A cre* is In o a k* and m e v a u lt* 
45 in c o a ita b e r m u d a 
L o r g e I n n in g pon d 
S tocked 
R o llin g c o u n try p a ve d ro a d 
Cart Joe N u in e *. 564 I I J I 
FA R R R E A L T Y ______________ _ 

 r n 
SAU 
COMMERCIAL PROPUTY 

Office — Yard 
Airport Area 

2 Block* from lo o p 4 1 o 

 for lent — f SO sq It ottic* spat* 
- lent!al ait ond heot 15,ooo vg 

H ol yard uppei I' rye Ion* lent* 

 lotted I industrial Suitable tar ton 

 true tor wholesale, light mnnutor luring 

S 2 5 o M onth 
8 2 2 -9 3 6 8 

A p F S o x i m a r f T V 'f o o o SOU O' < 
Hr off leat %. ond y o n i at®, HOS f>ieo%antan Mood. $7SO 
4 U746 or 147 oo84 

AVAILABLE WAREHOUSE 

ANO OFFICE SPACE 
AH t i l * * to m eet any need Alf areos ot $ A 
E rnest Sable C o m m e rcia l 
P rep 349 )439 
Body Shop for ten! 1225 m o Reply 
/Of N iowa. W eston a. i i 
785Vr. 
I vee 9798 

Business, good tor lounge, body shoe, etc 
Rent or lea s * $35o mo 
Cornel S 
Flores 
By appuintm enl only $14 4116 

B tu ut i 
C O N V E R S IO N shop or (c o v e rt ta a tli 

M AC REAL E S TATE 
1571 

IO X i i N T 
I K l-IO ti ' solid STI] v I s to ry b u ild in g 
R etort ar 
/ic e o rg a n iz a tio n in c lu d e s 7 cen a a * Short distune a att I M 1/ 
Pi tsp, 537 U7II bay 
619 ' 

For Sol# or Lease, *ooo sa ll mo m iry building include* 1ooo id ti a ttic e * and sh ow roo m o ir o n d heal, 
• d ilu e n t d o w n to w n E x p re s s w a y , 
••riced back p a r k in a lot 
17o9 I 
94l i in u rn 
142 2V 
K E RH V II 1 1 , TE X A S I? 418 Acres 
M o b ile H u m e F*ai k 
IOO pc iZpgnry 
5oo ft ok H ig h w u y 
16/ 
M obile and tra ile r vatic **. 5 a p t* d o ff ic e 
S ISO UUU 
Sublet! R ealty, 464 Junction Hw y , k sr I v ile 
Texas 
76T28 
Phons 
256 6318 
LOOP 41o AT B A N D E R A RO AD 
W A R E H O U SE S OF F IC E S STO RES 
3 /4 ) CO LO NY D R IV E R E T A IL 
O W N * R o14 2326 DI? 7134 
M C C U LLO U G H OLM O S PARK 
1.ooo VZ ti art m asonry building 
H OC LY GRASSO R E A L T Y 4?4 $161 
N O R TH EA S T D H ic* 6oo sa ti 
Worehouke 164o ti 65»4/9« 

Nofihside Warehouses rn 115o In 6ooo sa rt w ith attic 
Jock 

NW P R IM E S H O P P IN G C E N T E R S 
W e lt HAdsbrand 
Vance Jackson 
Reasonably P ric e d ’ 
715 6961 bf 696 n u 
O ffic e spec# tor re n t a th co ie e e *, i i 66 sa it space 324 7)29 

663 sa ti warehouse 

Ottice Storage, newly remodeled 
I Sc per ig tt 313-7*63 
__________ 

OFFICE WAREHOUSE 
Nerthikde. I mile* north el Leap 416. c lo it ta airport, unit* with, lite , 
Dot. 799$ ie It 
ASTRO INVESTM ENTS 
• •• 144 I IBE*** 

Office Warehouse 

Aud Yard Space 

 auf I nn e ta f v 
TTTTTT 
655 

828 4685 I 

 s t t z t t 

AC?E$8CORNER 
•que home on car net IH 
* 
Goad exposure tor 

 b u ild in g 
E N T R A N C E 
F R O M 
B> uoaway ar Ave 8 mint sa t* o a r ueted th ru oat, c e n tra l a ir. tat ae parking oreo. many e x tra * Less th a n l i t per sq rt Other f me ort,re space available on Broadway 15121 
824 16*4 tor appt 
O ttice, lease dr rent 
1566 Se It $366 Me l l i f Stance Rd 
142 769) 

P 
H 
C n m i C klm e. U H Blan— 
Rood SYO 344 o246 342 oo*4 
$6 c t n fre iw u L U h W i t "s- '- r r ti tour put 
653 7187____________ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ cor #ho u**7inrTon <r attice*. 2 r o il roams back Hi toad mg la rg e pa ve d te n te d y a rd 
/blk N of Buss* Rd between Son 
P edro and Bronte Rd 8/4 7351 
TTWTTTj S IO '* i" 'lv wilt* am ple storage Lytle, te x O ft i t l l 
War enroute O'ui 5tftc * %pace J 3Ah sa lt C overed lo a d in g m m te n te d p a rk in g 223 3*57 622-9173 

 deal Aula Port*, re* 
'lent 
653 4 'V t, 

o22183o2 

P age 
1 o -D H 
S an A n to n io EXPR ESS-N EW S— S a tu rd a y J a n u a ry 8 1 9 7 7 
EXPRESS-NEWS BONUS ABS 
2 LINES 
TEXAS SIZE SAVINGS. 
. 
. 
I O o x y s 
# 

N O N COMMERCIAL! 
CANCELLABLE 
WITHOUT 
RATE CHANGE 
225-I666 

Q U I C K R E S U L T S ! 

A U B U I IH n N M N N U U U N B U M U M 

 f r e n t a l s j 
■OTMnMRHBaWMnBaNMHaNMIMnOMIO 

N o p a n i 

( m s i ) 

WAREHOUSE SPACE 
8.ooo s«j. ft. new m asonry building. for sale, neor expressw ay, easy term s tor strong buyer 
9.ooo sa. ft., M asonry building, for lease, month to month or long term 
PEA CO CK. R E A LTO R S , 824-o511 

( APARTMENTS—FURR?) ( 4 o l ) |C APARTMENTS—HWU ) f i o l ) 

W arehouse w ith office, truck high dock, about 43oo sa.ft . 7oo ft open covered dock, fenced yard, $3So mo. 
282 Lachoppelle Call 226-839; 
45o6 West A ve, 92oo Sa F t 
$18oo m onthly, im m ediate 
Occupancy 
342 5o42. 
24 X 6o Building, 1911 S H ackberry, 
SI5o month. 333 3o72._______________ 
Z O N E D 8 2: O ffice or sm all busi­ ness Basse a t West Ave. 736-44)7; 
735-1122 

242-INDUSTRIAL PROPERTY 
FOR SALE 

IN D U S T R IA L l A t S ^H vereTnrn!(? 
Zoned 1-1; fully developed. V .i.P 
P ork. Easy term s 433 1489 

248 OFFICE SPACE FOR LEASE 

PLUSH O F F IC E SPACE 
In growing N.W . sector Reasonable rates. G reater S A. Butlers Assoc. 
8925 N.W . IH-1o. 696 38oo 
Furnished office, large, plush. 
A vailable full or pa rt tim e 
Ideal for m oonlighters 
N E Loop 41o 828-5227 
P rim e office space on new north expressw ay near a irport Reasona hie rates, covered pkg, all c onvex lences. 344-3456 weekdays 

252 SELL CR EXCHAN8E 

" “ ' ' h a v e c a s h b u y e r s to r o ld e r ho m es, a p ts ., n e e d in g repairs. John B. Eccell, B ro ker, 6o8 
Gunter Bldg.. 226 7o31. 824 8o23 
Will trode 17 unit S.A. M O T E L Plus office bldg, tor land 674-5777. 

256 REAL ESTATE LOANS 

 m a k e " R.E . LOANS 8% First liens 
Well secured. M ax 8 yrs. Buy notes f 
■‘less than 8% w ith discount 
A.V. R odrigoez-B rokr 222-o98o 

258 REAL ESTATE LOANS RANTED 

WTT! pay cbsh to r e q u ity in a p t house, units, single re sid e n ce or business properly 534 6515 

3o2 MOBILE HOMES RENT 

2 B E D R O O M F U R N . 
M O B IL E HO M ES 
A ir conditioner, w ater paid, play ground, centrally located lo LACK 
L A N D a n d 
K E L L Y 
C o n ta c t 
924 8/59, 924 48o1__________________ 
I Bedroom T ra ile r home, unfurn near UT SA and USAA and hospi tals. SISO m o 
C oll o tte r /p m on weekdays, all day Sun. 698 2534 
N e ar Lackland. Double wide, 24x5S 
3 bedrooms, den, dining room . Full carpet No pets. $25o mo. Bills pd 
$1oo d e p o s it. 25o2 O b s e rv a tio n 
D riv e 674-7518, 696-35o7. 

4o1 APARTMENTS FURN 

ADULTS ONLY 226-3547 
I b d rm $65, la rg e room s and h igh ce ilin gs. K ing W illia m A rea________ 
Agape A pts, n ea r IH 35 on bus line, 
59o m onth, w a te r paid. 533 E 
C ar son A dults 434 4 4 // 
A la m o H gts la rg e e lite ., $15o m o b ills pd 611 O gden Lane 735-5361. 
A L L L O C A T IO N S 
1 2 
3 be drooms Reasonable 3414113. 
I and J B edroom ,, turn , unfu rn b ills pd d is h w a s h e r , s e c u r ity guard, M A R IG O L D Apt 313 918o 
APT FOR R E N T 
P a r tly fu rn is h e d . C lo w e r S trr 
$85, 341 6566 

APTS. F U R N IS H E D 
$145. 
B A N D E R A and E V E R S R D 
H ID D E N M E A D O W 
5959 W U RZBACH 
684-3311 

FURNISHED 

APARTMENTS 

F R O M 

* 4 
6 
. Weekly 

* 1 
5 
2 
. Monthly 

N O LEASE 

TENNIS COURT 
ADULT LIVING—NO PETS 

WARRAN HOUSE 
3 2 2 2 N .W . lo o p 4 1 o 

"jet intersection of Dewhurst anti access road 41o'* 
342-4o29 

$3o W eek, bills pd, N e ar Ft. Sam , no pets, offer 12, 735-6412._____________ 

418 W, Lynwood, unusually nice apt, convenient Trinity-SAC. 733 8864 

Q»M«T»INrSUI»g«M. I (494 

1oo9 W S U M M IT I bedroom apt 
5125 w ater paid Appt 828 5o32 
347 W W A RE 
Off S, Flores and S E M ilita ry D r. I 
B edroom , a ir , c a rp e t, w a te r pd 
512o 922 921o. M g r Apt L__________ 

4o4 APARTMENTS UNFURN 

 leasing Daily 9-6, Sunday 1-6 

1 B e d ro o m $ 1 4 5 
2 B e d ro o m $ 2 1 o 

FUNN -UNFURN. 
All Utilities Raid loiqt playground-, 
Basketball 
Goo!. 
Shuttle boon), lighted tennis tour!, 3 forge semi ming pools hem (hooks AI 8 
Stole Hospital, Recon Volley Golf louise 
T ru ly th e b e s t r e n ta l v a lu e in to w n . 
2715 tosses 
333-5339 

S ^ u m K P * * V IL L A a m u m * a x t s -**- 
* 

• Mined Dunk dub facilities 
• Gym unit free tseiase 
(losses 

• Beauty Shop 

 a Souno Whirlpool a tennis (ouch 3 pools 

• (lost (tee iTtcigeralors 

 a IO Minutes to 
Downtown 

4o32 E. Southcross 
337-5242 

T p a r t m c 'n t ( / m S e le c ta r 

W e ’ll f in d y o u r s , fr e e . 

O P K 7 DATS A WIBC 
OUN C fs THROUGHOUT T U A * 

3121 N.W. LOOP 41o 
349-1737 

DIRECT CO R R *S P O N D fN C f TO 
4123 N C W TR AL IXFW Y. 
DALLAS, TIX . 752o4 

• L 
A 
P L A Z A * 
« 341-4621 • 
€ 

 r n 

• I 2 -3 Bedrooms 

• Single ond Fomily 
Sections 

• Fireplaces 

 a Tennis 

• 
115 NW LOOP 41o # 
# 
Across From 
# 
# 
North Star Mall 
o 

• rn 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 

APTS. F U R N IS H E D 
$14o. 
R IT T IM A N R D AT IH35 
T H E F A IR D A L E 
66oo F A IR D A L E 656-1oo1 
A s t o r i a 
1o363 SAHARA 344 6191 
F U R N IS H E D U N F U R N IS H E D 
S u n s h i n e 
342 E S U N S H IN E 734 4422 

• LINDA APTS. • 

233 HOWARD 

I 
Wk 
Metropolitan Nos pilot, M edical Professional 
Bldg , Baptist Hospital ond 
Mom 
Bank, efficiency 
I ond 2 bedroom opts Start mg of $ 1 7 5 
Adults 
No pets 
2 2 6 - 8 4 9 3 

Near F t Sam 4o/ N ololert ', room s bath a ir. w a te r p a id no pets $12o 
333 3549 
N ice 4 ro o m ga lu g e u pl $9o m onth 
B ills paid 433 862o a fte r 3 PM 
NO LEASE R E Q U IR E D 
Neor F I Sam and d ow ntow n E ffic 
A p ts 
B ills P a id 
$89 p e t m o 
22/ 47o2 1954 E Houston 

AAAA D E A L B U Y -O O N T R E N T ' 
3 or 4 b e d ro o m 
M o v e in, s ta rt payments in M arch. Small deposit 
Paym ents less than rent. Little or no credit necessary 
696-742o W A Y N E S LA TE R 674-6126 
2 AND 3 BEDROOM 
LUXURY APARTMENTS 
ACROSS FR O M LE I H IG H 
Pool and a ll u tilitie s pd 
T A N G IE R APTS. 
344 5989, no calls 
Otter 
8PM accepted. 
I AN D ? B edroom s, fury, and un tu r n , a ll b ills pd d is h w a s h e r , security guard. 
M arigold apts 
333 938o 

I minute to IH-1o- 
Private adult and family section. 
6 9 o - 1 7 o o 

'9o9 WoodstoM Drive 

MOUSES, DUPLEXES— 

UNFURNISHED 
HOUSES, DUPLEXES— 
UNFURNISHED 

 ne 
FOR RENT BY OW NER 
GARDEN HOME 

Lot enclosed by private brick w all, kitchen with breakfast area, dining room, living room with fireplace, master bedroom suite with luxury bath- downstairs. 3 bedrooms with 
I V2 (club) baths, balcony upstairs. N o grass to mow. M axim um out­ door enjoyment with swimming pools, lighted tennis courts. Northside. Call 

69o-o166 FOR APPOINTMENT 

 i i i i i i i m i n i n t 

GREENBRIER APTS. 
8535 GREENBRIER 
(Just off Broadway and North Loop 41o) 
((im# to Crown Tow* ftidq ) 
828-42oo 
• Adults only 
• Home like atmosphere 
• Large I bedroom opts. 
• 2 Bedroom apts. 

• Large spacious rooms 
• Covered parking b Pool • Party House 

• Laundry • Bus Line 
• All utilities paid. 

TOP RENTALS 
TWO - FOR LEAS! OPTION 
One is a darling two story, 3 bedroom in 
N.E. 
School 
District. Rents for S235 or for sale for $28,2oo. 
Or a precious home in Valley 
Forge which rents for $325 or sells for $32,75o. 
Call For Info!! 
828-6391, Anytime 
YflEAMIEOWEMS 
-Ah- 
WAI TORS-RHS 

FuApJ 6 k U N F U R N . 
I , I and 3 BEDROOMS 

 f e t e 
) 
% r 

APTS. 

11721 Parliam ent Square 

3 4 9 - 3 1 4 9 

Let us find yours-— 
2 4 H r. 
TOWNHOUSi-APARTMENT 
LOCATO RS 
828-oo61 
FRIE— N o charge to you 

“ TH# Professionals in apt. locating'* 

.ApaittStttdT— 
VmVmuM 

A pts fo r R ent. u n fu rn 
Je ffe rso n 
A re a, 1911 D o na ld so n 
2 b e d ro o m tow nh ou se , c e n tra l a ir, ra n ge , re frig e ra to r, w a te r pd. 
$185 mo 
344 4111 
B E A U T IF U L T ree House Apts in q a rd en C o m p le x, n e a r B r a c k e n ­ ridge Rh 
T rin ity U and D ow ntow n 
V ie w o f C ity 
P o o l 
L a u n d r y 
M odern ond c o m fo rta b le M anager. 
M U L B E R R Y T E R R A C E A P T S 
1315 E M ulberry, 822-5436________ 
2 Bedroom. I Bath, c e n tra l a ir h ea l, b ills od 52IO m o Driftwood apts , 
6oo 
G entlem an 
Rd 
684-5498, 
735-4925 

North Central Location, E lm ira ond 
M cC ullough ond IH3S. N e o r bus, adults only 
No pets. Furnished I bedroom, upstairs W ater pd SHS with den 6 Mo Lease 226 53o1 atter 
6 and weekends. 696 673o 

A v e ry nice I b edroom , co nve nien t. nor tic w o lf r pd SHO 73/ 18/2 
I B e d ro o m a p t 
S ioo m o n th p lu s deposit 1oo8 S St M a rv s 223 5o94 
O r in q u ire A pt 6 

7 bedroom , close to le ft, shopping center and bus 734 5831 
I B E D R O O M C o tta g e s , a n d et bounces, air, bills pd $25 wk 595 m e up 534-34o1 or 434-9645 
I b e d ro o m e ffic ie n c y , H ig h la n d 
P a rk A rea, near Pus line ond stores 
D eposit re q u ire d 22/ 51/9, 735 3/o2 
2-B edroom m obile hom e, c e n tra l a ir heat 
E 
C e n tra l School D isl 
633 o643 
CLOIIOHAVEN APTS 
N ice 4 bedroom C all 87* 18o5 a fte r 
JP M A pply IJS C ioudhaven b ehind b lic k e y '$ Pizza o ft A ustin H w y 
Duplex. HOO mo Bills od W orking couple. Con 922 98/e 

EDEN ROC APTS 
119 JACKSON K E L L E R 
N ice 2 B e d io o m A pts, Just ? B locks 
CMI Son P e d ro C o nve n ie nt to Cen tra i P a rk M a ll and N o rth S ta r M o ll 
No C h ild re n, No P ets F u rn or Un tu rn 828 46)1 t n io v the gentn puce of the h o a rd w a lk 
Spend y o u r a fte rn o o n s ch at tin g w ith frie n d s d u rin g a g am e of b r id g e 
W a lk lo W o n d e rla n d o r 
C e n tro ! P a rk M o ll C atch a bus to p n y w h e re 
J o in o u r c o m m u n ity w h ere a ll ages s h are the good lit 
J536 West Avenue 349-42o3 
B arry G illiitgw aler Co 
E X T R A LA R G E I bedroom . ! bolk la rg e p atio , outsid e storag e , fu rn i lu re a v a ila b le 
THE H E R IT A G E 
1543 Babcock at NW Loop 41o 
341 2228______________ 
F e m ale wanted to share an aport m en! Call Anna 227 8395, 661-5163 otter SPM 

FONTAINEBLEAU APTS 
123$ E. M U L B E R R Y 
B e a u tifu l, s p a c io u s . 1 a n d 2 be d ro o m s , lu s t 2 b lo c k s fro m B ra c k e n n d g e P o rk and F t sa m H ouston 
F u rn or 
U n tu rn 
A ll 
B ills 
P aid 
826 5oo1 

F R E E S E R V IC E 
APARTMENT FINDERS 
824-6351 

FREE SOUTHSIDE 
LOCATOR SERVICE 
E fflu e n c e * , 
1 2 o n d 3 b e d ro o m ' fu rn ish e d or u n fu rn is h e d S II I UM 

 f .in . hen I b ed ro om ta, Feeless 
B ro oks Bos, $85 824 65)6 m r F u rn is h ed I B edroom Apis 
Fv« o il Any D 
M . d I B e d ro o m A p t if. Coif Atty o o v 
F u r n*$ 
A ir, 2 Bi* 
N*Qht / a 

C o r age A p l on b usline , (u rn b ills p d 
$97 5o C a ll 736 1681 
I H I W 
F re q n ch in re a r____________________ 
Kelly V iew Apts L arge ’ B edroom a p t $135 Near K elly. L o c k la n d ond 
Security 6/4 6649 

NORTHEAST NO LEASE 
A ttra c tiv e I b e d ro om , d ishw ash e r shag. bool B ills od 516o and up 525 
Rep 
IO M in FI Sam 321o E IS E N 
H A U E R off 
H a rry 
W uriboch 
822 9195 

O FF B R O A D W A Y , R edecorated 2 bedroom SUO 828 1122____________ 
PAN AM A P A R T M E N T S 
56o2 B IE N V IL L E OR 
OH Wetdner rd. M odern I Bedroom . 653-2663 

PECAN VALLEY 
GOK Club Apts. 
345o E, SOUTHCROSS 
3339o2o 
Q uinta 5231 B lanco, tow nhouses apts. t-2bdrm , 2 both, see-compure. very reasonable 341 4113 
Room m ate Apartm ent M a te ’ 
We have se ve ra l people lo oking tor a c o m p a tib le p e rs o n (s a m e sex 
O nly) 
C all 
M a fcb m a k. c 
Inc 
344 1125 
S everal N ig m r tubs ond I ounges 
For sale ond lease C all 656 7478 o nd 
736 39o1 

 lT je d ro o m , c e n tra l a ir h e a t, com ptete k itc h e n , pool, c a rp e te d , ut ill tie s p a id 516o m o n th 341 3378 o r 
684 2/38 o tte r 6PM 
T H U N D E R B IR D A P T S 622? NW 
Loop 41o n e e In g ra m Rd 
B ILLS P A ID 5195 to 52/s 
Terrell Hills A rea 
824-2851 
S EITZ 6. ASSOC, R E A LTO R S 
BRITTANY APTS. 

WINDCREST 

APARTMENTS 

 lu x u ry L iv in g in N o rth e a s t 
San A n to n io 

FROM $21S 
656-o182 
8835 WILLMON WAY 

>6o/ Jones M oH sbergei, 341 3126 
CASTLE H IL L S A R F A 
OH L o ik tu li S elm a and W est A ve 
B ea u tifu l 2 bed ro om , ca rp e te d , b ills pd $235 491 3229 

CASTLE HILLS AREA 
F o r q u ie t m a tu re re s id e n ts , 2 be d ro o m . 2 b a th , 521$ 
I B e d ro o m . 
$1/5. Free u tilitie s Pool, c a rp o rts 
Ask tor Lenin# Thom as, 341-5151 or 
344-9314 eves ond weekends 

J 
WAKEFIELD STa k u UST J 

J 
APARTMENTS 
* 
• 

Ideally located on busine I, 2, and 3 bedrooms SISO to 

D Q 53So 
On Sector c.ioss from 

North Stoi Moll 

 a 
85o6 WAKEFIELD f 

J 
344-4558 
J 

• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 

CHOICE RENTALS 
3 BIDSoo88, 2 bath townhouse. 
Available February I .... $21$ 
3 BEDROOM, 2 bath 
$19o 
3 BEDROOM, I bath, range .............................$175 
4 BEDROOM, 2 bath, 
I SSO sq ft.......................... $2So 
Century 21 
Delanty Realty 
653-o55o 

Highlands I bdrm , separate dining, fenced tor kids, pets 51oo 
United, 735-9121, tee (748-3) 
La rg e I b d rm , bills pd, a ir, good area, carpeted. 5165 
United, 735-9121, tee (744-3) 
Ronch style house in country setting 
NW side S A, Furn Utilities pd Pool table $45o mo 696 8oo6. 
3 rooms and balk, paneled, heal air", couple p re fe rre d 
R eferences, no pets, w a te r pd; shown IO 5 $125 month, $5o deposit 532 9885 
S EN IO R dttfians tha t w ould lik e to liv e in the c o u n try , 65 y rs . ond o ver w h o a re a b le to lo ok o tte r th e m s e lve s. P le n ty of sp ace o nd n ice c re e k fo r p ic n ic k in g a n d fis h in g n e a r K e r rv ille , T C E X A S . lf in te r ested c o ll I 634-24o3. 
Southside, 714 B a ile y , 4 room do plex, near schools, bus. 826-2233 
Spacious 2 b d rm , kids, pets w e l­ comed $185 bills ad coll 
United, 735 9121, fee (765-2) 

4o8 HOMES, DUPLEXES, 
UNFURNISHED 

AAAA y o u rs fo r os little as $2oo down and p aym en ts less than re n t No c r e d it’ 
No p ro b le m ' 
JBJ 
674 54o1_______ A N Y T IM E 
AAAA 
ID E A 
D O N T W A S T E Y O U R M O N E Y 
W IT H R E N T W H E N Y O U C A N 
OWN Y O U R OWN H O M E , W IT H AS 
L IT T L E AS 51oo D O W N 
A N D 
P A Y M E N T S 516o 
N O C R E D IT 
N E C E S SA R Y 
675-1691 
674 48o9, 
623 572o 
P O IN T E R R E A L E S TA TE 

C O N TE S SA TO W N H O U S E S . 2 be d ro o m , n ew ly d e c o ra te d $225, a ll b ills p a id 
No p e ts , no c h ild re n 
824 6 /o / or 824 4/oo 

CONVENIENCE 
Loop 41o Vance Jackson Rd. 
P A R K L IK E G RO UNDS 
2 B E D R O O M $225 BILLS PO 
P A R K D A LE APTS 342 o191 
EC O N O M Y ECO LO GY 
S hort d riv e lo college, shops, or rid e the bus I bed ro om , d in in g too 
T H E C O L D E N K E Y 
Apartm ent Locators 828-5739 
F A IR F A X APTS i / 7 ' f T u t usi I b d rm cent a ir. pool, 732-7759 

Sm all apts near tow n ond !sAc 585 pius deposit 
No c h ild re n ar pets 
7351638 
TTT 
It a re a single w o rk in g 
S m onth 
B ills paid 
Snead I I, J person si 
716-5359 

S m all p a rtly tu rn opt 
Close in, northside 735 1o44 
SO U TH I bedroom , paneled, con venient to ever vitrine, w a ter gas od 
SHS 923 236/ 

SOUTH C E N T R A L 
1 B FD R O O M U N F U R N 5125 t B E D R O O M . FU R N $14o 
2 B E D R O O M . U N F U R N $15o 
J B E D R O O M , F U R N $17o 
C e n tra l heat a ir . e x tra lo t ae too n near South side G lobe V27 592o 

SOUTHSIDE SINGLES 
$127. MO. FURN. 
Brand new eleeont eHrciences, pool shag c a rp e l, b ig closets, fa n ta s tic k itc h e n Robins Nest Apt 533 Hot 
Wells Blvd 533 o511 
S pa cio us 2 a nd J b e d ro o m s 
Ide a l to r y o u n g m a rrie d s w ith a s m a ll c h ild The B o a rd w a lk o tte rs J be d ro o m s u n fu rn to r $29o 
2 p oo ls. 
Club ro o m a n d la u n d ry 
C lose to 
W onderland and C e n tra l P a rk 
3$36 West Avenue 349-42o3 
B a rry O dhngw oler co. 

SUNSET RIDGE APTS. 
Large I ond 3 Bedrooms 
F R O M $1)5 (U N F U R N $11/ SO) 
1)6 V A N O E R H E C K 826 2369 
O FF N N E W B R A U N F E L S 

L o c i land ond A nnex M o d e rn ca i oeted I bedroom apts L ots of s ir gies and yo un g m a rrie d s 674 1o3 crHer 4 lo pm 

 l a d y to s h a r e b o m # e x p e n s e s 
W onde rla n d a re a 732 4o4o a H er 5 
— LlW W f f i t ' J o lT I I i i— 
G R O U N D L E V E L D U P L E X E S 
F U R N OR U N F U R N 
E X C E L L E N T M A IN T E N A N C E 
H IG H L A N D H IL L S APTS 
29)1 E 
SOUTHCROSS 
534 8868 
M E T R O HO U5E DO W N TO W N 
M O D E R N E F F IC IE N C Y F U R N 
$12o 1o*135 113 4TH ST 226-/333 
I 
M O R fc ii o 6 w N f6 t6 h l A f f t . 
" A Prestige Address" 
£ H tcie ncv and I b d rm 126 E M om 
P laza 227 288o 
M S t i L l f f lc W K V A partm ent* aud 
Room s 
Bv D o y. W eek or M o n th 
O U 91 ta 
P E 4 6 /6 7 
I E Z o 1 5 / 
<7o2, Neor F t bom 1A2 13/7 h i .’”<v LO R T S A M . sm oli g o roge 
UPP' rn urn! 58o, 87? 9511 
Wear Ti Sum add Downtown, I uV d r o tin. a p t $14o. 2 B e a rd o m a p t 
SISO 
W ater od 
724 E 
G ra yson , 
228-o618 tv< u i A . BGR), !< iJ G le a n e r, I be droom . gas w ater od SHO j44 6* o* 
-----------------faEAR H T K H ----------------- 
(Mea I bedroom a ir, carpel, w aler 
M S Rd S ill 124 636* 

TALLYHO 
MOBILE HOME (NC. 
31o3 NOR (H PAN AM 
123 3216 
MO N F R I 9^, Sot 1o 2 

TENDER LOVING CARE 
C overed w alk way fro m car lo a p l la u n d ry arid m a ilb o x u re a sa you won I get d renched, la rg e r room s sc you w an 'I D a rk y o u r s h in s 
C o l 
342 9113 826 1594 and see 
THE K IN G S TO N APTS 
22o2 Vance Jackson For TLC f 'K tee co p share o' D b edr oom a p t a" the B oardw alk to r $1oo each Pool c lu b ro o m a n d la u n d ry 
C lo se to 
C entral P ark and W onderland 
3S36 West Avenue 349 62o3 
B orty GilUnawater Co t v M O N IT O R E D S E C U R ITY 
G A R D E N PATIOS 
CLUB ROOMS 
G Y M ANO SAUNAS 
1-3 3 BEDRO O M S, 12 BATHS 
SUS lo $276 BILLS P A ID 
PARK TO W NE APTS 
434 4191 
M i l B A N D E R A ROAD 
Between Hillcrest and CuMoghan 
U p p e r I b e d ro o m n ic e ty ( u r n adults near J buses / j i ozyc 
U IS W 
Contour,"" near 576o San 
Pedro), 3 bedroom tu rn apt Ste# waler para 126 79)3, 

)736 W Mvrsacne L 1 liv in g , k itc h e n ape pet S IU , p ills paid 
42 V/54 
WHY SETTLE FOR LESS or aver pay 
W IL S H IR E APTS 
BRNA et F I Sam Herm G ale 
•36-91M , 136 1594 

HERWECK HOUSE 
2 B e d r o o m , I b o th , $21o. 
A cross S ire d fro m Lee H igh, J b lk s fro m N im itr H ig h , I b lk 
Ja ckson 
K eller E le m e n ta ry 
M A IN T A IN E D W ITH P R ID E 
ALL U T IL IT IE S P A ID 
233 H E R W E C K DR 344 58o4 

P LA N T NUTS 
Don I m iss the H e rita g e if y o u 're lo o k in g to r th e id e a l a p t to ke ep p lu n ts 
I Or 2 c o v e re d p atio s, tor e v e ry a p a rtm e n t 
THE H E R IT A G E 
1543 BABCOCK at NW Loop 41o 
341 2228 

 s a t a re a I b ed ro om , stove, re frig , 
$1o5 mo, I person only 732 5/44 

S E C U R IT Y 
P LU S 
Apts. of Distinction 
E fficien cie s • I and 2 bedroom s 
F u rn ishe d ond U n furnish e d 
THE V IL L A F O N TA N A 
123 B R A C K E N R ID G E AVE 
(O F F 27oo B R O A D W A Y ) 
828-1191 

IF YOU Q U A L IF Y 

I Bedroom I Bath $142 *199 
J Bedroom-1 Both $1$9 $721 
J Bedroom 2 Bath $179 $246 
A ll U tilitie s , C e n tra l A ir ond Heat 
R e fr ig e r a to r 
R a n g e . D is p o s a l. 
D ra p e rie s , TV A n te n n a . S to ra g e 
U nit ond M o re Approxim ately 1$ 
Minutes from M ilita ry Bases 
924 941o 
2914 Roosevelt Ave 
LA B A N D E R A APTS 
L U X U R Y I and 2 b edroom apts 
1171 B A N D E R A RO 433-3314 
L A C K L A N D A R E A 
M odi in anted la rg e I bed ro om 4 plex , en 
Ir a ! h e a t a ir , a p p lia n c e s , d is h washer disposal $15o U tilitie s pi) 
6/4 1o32 atte* 4 IO a 

SHEARER HILLS APTS. 
I B E D R O O M U N F U R N $14o 
Turn West oft 63oo Son P edro at 
Avenue Del Rev 
I -S tory b u ild in g s to r p riv a c y a n d q u ie t w ith la rg e p atio co m p lete ly enclosed w ith 6 ti fence E very convenience No ch il d re ri no pets 
For appointm ent to see for yourself it it the best locally call 342 64/2. OHI ce 17o Del Rey 

THE HABITAT APTS. 
2 BEDROOMS 
ALL U T IL IT IE S PO. 
3815 W E ST AVE. 
344-772o 

T T T A RC E living and riming 
W alk in closets, c o vered p a rk in g ond u ufSide %1orout?. vyoifcmy dr* lonte all shof>oirm 
THE H E R IT A G E 
I$43 Babcock at NW Loop 41o 
34! 3221 
— l iv e S'e t T e r ' f o T l e s s -— 
G R O U N D L E V E L D U P L E X E S 
FU R N OR U N F U R N 
E X C E L L E N T M A IN T E N A N C E 
H IG H L A N D H IL L S APTS 
2931 E 
SOUTHCROSS 
S34 88o8 
I b o c IGL I A R P A i 2 <er heat d is h w a s h e r, d isp o sa l, c a rp e t ed SI 7o 34 1 4323 696 4225 
LO O K IN G FOR TH E lO E AL APT ’ 
WE H A VE IT 
2 B ed ro om s, 2 F u ll baths co vered balconies tor p lan ts a n d b a r b c u e in g , s to ra g e .ro o m 
Spacious room s, lots of p a n try and storage space 
THE H E R IT A G E 
1143 Babcock ai NW Loop 41o 
341 232o 

LAR TOWNHOUSE 
2 B ed ro om s a ir, heat $13o W ater pd 
P an a ij v E l M io 4o8 Ira 
Nu pets 341 >446 494 56/8 824-6227 
---------------- l O x U r'y P l u i ----------------- 
L a rg e 2 b e d ro o m low er o nd 2 be d ro o m to w n h o u s e W asher D ry e r included e xclu sive a rea 
A ction A pt L oca tors, >262313 
L U X U R Y TO W N H O U SE --------- 
2 B e d ro o m , I .b a th , P L U S D E N lovely fire p la c e , N o rth C e ntro!, 13oo sa h $295, pius pa 
A P A R T M E N T S U N L IM IT E D 

82H (torii b e e r IA Z 7 1 b edroom , utilities paid 
658 o811. 
NO C O M P LA IN TS 
About the storag e in a 2 b e d ro o m bath m a ster b ed ro om suite W alk p a n try, 
TH E H E R IT A G E 
1541 Babe ack et NW L im p 41o 
34 1 22 2 8 northeast Iukui'Y— 

I LN N ! cl r se 
O U K TV 
M H I 

A P A R T M E N T S U N L IM IT E D 
828-o681 

OAK HILLS VILLAGE 
(4#a 11 rn I?fits cmd T ow t# % 
184/ BABCOCK 344 9/26 
5 > ? B R O A DifiA V " Bedot prole J i bedroom $16o l i t 111! 
______ 

4 P L E X , N W I minutes tram Lucie 
41o T b e d ro o m , I botts, shag ca r pehng dishw asher, u tilitie s pd No pets No 'ease. Con B abbie, z2o 2696 
Or 341)175 

THE MAYFAIR 
A V A IL A B L E NOW 
I B E D R O O M . 2 BATH 
ALL B IL L S P A ID 
342o M C U L L O U G H 732-2611 
BV A P P O IN T M E N T O NLY 

THE TAHITIAN 
J Bedroom I bath, 122o 
• Bedroom. I bath, I SOO sa R $29o 
T he lo c q tto n is so c o n v e n ie n tly located a second c o r is not needed 
ALL U T IL IT IE S PA ID 
One Block To North Star M all 
2o2 B IR C H L E A F , 3424)2o5 

THE TARA APTS 
8o51 B R O A D W A Y 
AN A P A R T M E N T 
U n fo rg e tta b le as ifs nam e 
I B E D R O O M . TISS 
7 B E D R O O M $21o 
U T IL IT IE S PA ID 
824 oo61, 828-7393 

Tim n fro do 

TIM E TO M OVE 
'age has la rg e ro forge ed p atio i 
A ll bi 
THE H E R IT A G E 
1543 Babcock at HW Loop 41o 
341 322o 
T T t o w n h o u s e - 

AA A 3 bedroom . I bath, c a rp o rt, fenced y a rd , betw een V o lle y H i M a ll and V a lle y Hi P a rk $1oo Deo $165 
Mo 6/3 82o1 
A Choice of 3 4 bedroom homes to rent Lease w ith o ptio n to buy Own y o u r hom e NOW ! $19o to $5oo m o, 
GASE B A K ER R E A L T Y CO 
69o-899o Eves 696 88o5. 343 7712 
KEY GROUP 

A G re a t tim e to re n t, le ase w ith o p tio n to b u y , o r o w n y o u r o w n hom e w h e re we g u a ra n te e to b uy it b ock a n y tim e w ith in 3 y rs J o r 4 bedroom s, $19o $5oo m o. Call 
IN T E R S T A T E 828 o755 til 8 pm 

CHOICE RENTALS 
UNFURNISHED HOMES 
I M O T l l * V ftA lt— 4 bedroom, 
2V* bath, 2 cat garage 
Carpet, privacy fence. 
In Hidden Forest. 
$45o 
4 3 MITTON P U M *— 2 bedroom, 
2'/? barit condommium with all the ex has. $43o plus condominium fee. 
• • O I 
W OOOOftlKM— 3 bedroom, 2 both, I car garage, cen­ tral heat & air. Convenient to Ran­ dolph & Ft Sam $225 
A M J 
CASTU 
ASMS— 3 bedrooms, I bath Fenced yard. 2 
Pahos. Convenient to Randolph and 
Fl Sam, $185 
2 4 2 3 
CINCINNATI— Duplex. 
2 fctydroom, I bath, air conditioned, garage 
Convenient to St. Mary's 
University $165 No Pets 
1 6 o 4 A PA FRANCO ROAD— 2 
Bedroom, 
I bath on 
9 acres. 
Southwest $185 

APARTMENTS 
4 6 R 
DURR 
ROAD— N.ch 
I bedroom, I bath furnished garage apartment. 
Convenient to 
BAMC 
$ 17o. Water paid. 
2 o 2 
W . 
M A DNO U A — I bedroom, J bath, furnished, off street parking. $1 IO. Water & lawn care paidf No pets 
2 2 # NAT A U N — I bedroom, 
I bath* furnished, I cor garage. Water 
& Lgwn care poid. Convenient to Ft 
Sam4 $1 IO No pets 
S I VCR AL I bedroom, 1 bath apart meets available rn Kirby, 
Texas 
Fur mitred & Unfurnished 
$17o to 
$ 18 * 
8 2 8 - 9 9 o 1 A N Y T IM E 

 fe o s o u r& k fim t, 

RiAITORS—5o Years af Trust 

HOUSIS, DUPUXSS— 
UNFURNISHED 

QUALITY RENTALS 

FOR MODCRATi RENT 

3-1-o Meadow Village 
$22o 

4-2-Corv Rainbow Hills 
$2M 

3-1-Conv Indian Creek 
$19o 

3-1-CP Lockland Terrace 
$15o 

3-I ’/i-conv lock lend Tor. $15o 

3-2-1 Alamode Gardens $175 

3-1-cj) 
Valley Hi 
$175 

675-285o tV EJm O m m 
Rf ALTOM-MIS 

TO W NH O U SE 
3-2-2, garage, has w etbar, fireplace, garden patio off b re a k fa s t room 
Huge closets. Pool, club, tennis. 
T H E G O L D E N K E Y 
A partm ent Locators 828-5739 
W estw ood 3 b d rm , has appt, a ir, carpet, just 5155 call. 
United, 735-912), tee (798-3) 
1923 W 
T r a v is a t P in to , I la rg e bedroom d up le x, close to 3 buslines and school 344 7995. 

412 ROOMS, FURNISHED 

E m p lo ye d a du lts, detached ro o m in 
A la m o H e ig h ts , $7o, b ills p a id , re feren ces 826-o2oo 
F a m ily e n v ir o n m e n t, fu r n is h e d room , b ills pd $15o m o. 
HOO W. 
M u lb e rry 
N e w ly fu r n I b e d ro o m , k itc h e n p riv le g e s if d ie s ire d , D e llv ie w , i b lk, super m a rk e t 349 7398, 342 6o57, 
1736 W Huisache, ro o m , clean, SAC, 
St. M a ry 's 545 b ills pd. 342 9754. 

416-ROOMS WITH BOARD 

Room w ith B o a rd , fo r e ld e rly , 3 g o o d m e a ls , r e a s o n a b le r a te s , la u n d ry done, 533-184o o r 661-3275. 

FBI a g e n t, rig h t, escorts Iv a n Ro- galsky from N e w a rk , N .J., FBI head­ quarters 

CHOICE RENTALS 

-431 6u«en Anne l l .... $115 
7626 planshtre 3 1...........$18o 
431! Parkwood 3-2-2........$225 
12521 Sandpiper 3-2-2.... $3oo 
221 Dnftwind 3-2-2___ $325 

MANY MODI TO CHOOSf IDOM 
C a ll 8 2 8 - 5 7 o 4 

CENTURY 21 

•OB BOOGIE) RIA1 TORS 

FOR i f a ( f L a rg e ? bedroom , ?' . b a th s T o w n h o m e L iv in g , d in in g . fa m ily and. u tility room s. 2 ca r gar a ge, fire p la c e , b ro o d new 
Y a rd ca re fu rn is h e d 
P ay own u tilitie s 
No p ets. P re s tig io u s G o lf C o urse 
S ubdivision $495 per m o Coll P A 
Yochem , d a y 8/4 7532, nites 826 6872 
211 G R E E N M E A D O W O nly 5275 tor lu x u rio u s 3 1, fo rm a l liv in g d in in g , 
+ la rg e den, 344 18oo 
H arm ony H ills, 2 bdrm , central a ir, all appl, lu s t $12o. 
United, 735-9121, fee (754-1) 

H ere's a beauty. 2 b d rm , fenced, yard k e p t lust $12o. 
United, 735-912), tee (744-1) 
9oo IV Y , 
3-»2 den, a ir, fence, fire place, $325. 826 5137, 828 /993 
Kids, pe*s w elcom ed here, 2 bdrm , drapes, $16o No lease 
United, 7^5-9)21, fee (746-3) 
Large I bdrm . kids, pets OK. appl, most bills od. $1o5 
U nited, 735-9121, tee (759 3) 

1335 BASSE 
E x c e lle n t NS lo catio n , 2 b e d ro o m , 
5i5o re n t, 57 dep M i 8134, (42 o933 
B e a u tifu l l i t, a ir , has s to v e , fenced for Iuds. pets $15o 
United, 735-9)2), tee (7 561) 
B E A U T IF U L W IN D C R E S T 
DOO sa 
It o d lo in in g golf co urse, m in im u n I ye a r lease. $45o m onth 
655 9115. 
O w ner ope n! 
I bedroom apartm ent, fully carpet ed, in clu d in g ra n g e , re fig e r a te r , ond dishw asher. $15o per m onth 
686433o, 34662o7 
D E A N IE O W ENS, R E A LTO R S i B ed ro om , 2 b o th , 2 car g a ra g e fire p la c e , 129o sa It. c a rp e t, NE sch oo ls 
V o lle y F o rg e a r e a $325. 
828 7844 Days 826 8)12 rules________ 
4 B edroom , 2 bath house, la rg e den w ith f ir e p la c e , d o u b le g a r a g e , w a s h e r d r y e r h o o k up 
P h o n e 
494 1311 
16411 L ed ge Rock 
Thou and O a k t o n b e d ro o m , c e n tra l a ir-h e a t. 8 o b cock N o rth , 8/8 69o/ 
2-H.rdroom house, N e ar M cC reless on A vondale, 92/ 8464 
I B E D R O O M S c a rp e ts , a ir tlJ S m o N ear L ackla n d K e lly 696-/42o 
W A Y N E S LA TE R R E A LT O R S 
SI 3o SI 55. 
B LA N C O RO and BASSE RD. 
1-2 B edroom s G o s W a ter Pd. 
6o31 B AS IL WOOD 34 2 3/o2 
C a m e lo t o rc a . 3 2 to w n h o u se . A il b u ilt in s . $3oo m o n th w ith $25o d eposit 224 527o 

Lease p u rc h q s e N ice 3 2 2, c a rp e t­ ed m u s te r b e d ro o m a n d liv in g ro o m 
A ll c e n tr a l 
F e n c e d re a r y a rd 
N E S c h o o ls 
$275 m o. C or nellus 8, A ssocaites, 828-6343, eves 
653 9596 
L ik e new . 3 2 25 la rg e tire p la c e d d e n , c a rp e ts , b u ilt in s . p r iv a c y fe n c e , $385 
$1oo D ep 
8811 G le n 
Shadow, C a m e lo t ll Con get key Sat and Sun . a t 86o7 G len Nook or Call co lle ct I 336 2442 B oerne. Texas 
3 2, lo c a te d in R O L L IN G R ID G E , range, d ishw ash e r, re frig e ra to r in ­ cluded 
$275 p e r m o nth. 
684-433o. 
34662o7 
D E A N IE O W E N S , R E A LT O R S 
M O N T E V IS T A O n M u lb e r r y 
I 
S to ry , 2 b e d ro o m . 2 b a th , p a r tly tu rn liv in g , d in in g , d e n , lib r a r y , fire p la c e - K itc h e n w ith s to v e , re frig e ra to r, o rg a n ic g a rd e n , tre es in fro n t No s m a ll c h ild re n tio dogs, please 
$3oo m o plus gas. lig h ts 
733 888/ 
N E A R L A C K L A N D . 3 B e d ro o m to w n h o u s e . C e n tra l a lr-h e a t o n d a ppliances $16o p e r m onth 674-5411 
R E D C A R P E T 
Neor L a c k la n d , n ic e ly re d e c o ra te d 
4 bed ro om , 2 b oth , se p a ra te d in in g w ith patio, $195 879 78o/ 
N ear St M a ry 's tfn tv a rs itv . 2 b d rm , c o u p le , re fe re n c e s , $16o c a rp e t, arr, Feb IO 732 86o5 
N E 3 -1 -C P , c e n t r a l s to r m , h u g e fenced v o rd to r a ll $175 
U nited. 735-9121, tee (75o-t) 

C o m e lo t H i new d u p le x , i i I , ap a lie n e e s , d ra p e s , c a rp e t, fe n c e d . w a le r paid, 521) 653 1/98 
• 4-1, central air-heat, dishw asher, stove, privacy fence, near school*, malls, and hospital 
526o month 
435-o372 
C H A R M IN G 3 B E D R O O M 
7 hath c e n tra l our h e a t, ra n g e , fe n c e d , sam e ca rp et; tre e * $235 m onth 
A s t i n t 
R E D C A R P E T 
. n ,,i,. R.-ntoJ*, H a rm o n y H ills 
3 and 4 bedroom hom os 5275 up 
LO U FO R K S 341 OHO 
C lo s * lo T r lo in , lo v e ly 4 - 1 ', - t, stove, re trrg , c a rp e l, on a u te ! cu t de soc $36o m onth 653 4313 

Colonia! Country Home 
D a rlin g brr ch paneled 7 b e d ro o m an 
B an d era Rd . near M e d ical C enter, 
U t SA and Loop 41o Quiet, respon s ib le . m a tu re , w o rk in g , m a r r ie d couple O N LY W ater pd . no ga rage, dep 684 2295 a fte r 4 3opm 

 p a tio , o u ts id e ed p a rk in g at yo ur 
F o r m a l d in storage, I cav door Poolside 
THE H E R IT A G E 
154) B abcock a l NW Leap 41o 
______________ 3 4 I-I2 M 
C IL L A d k O AK S A P H l l Bedroom s, ond E fftcia nco s 
U T IL IT IE S P A ID 
OOH N. New B ra u n fe ls 1264242 k it O r m y M o t aoli# 
A p a rtm e n t* fro m S IU ana up Neor 
SAC . c o n v e n ie n t s h o p p in g , b u s lines Coll 733-OiS/ 
YARD UKE PATIO 
G a rd e n e r's D e trg n t 
J b e d ro o m , 2 
Oath a p a rtm e n t nom e. b e a u tifu lly decorated Wa V ie r D ry e r included 
E x c lu s iv e a re n C oli o 2 6 IM I 
^ S jW ^ P A R T J M E M T L O C A T O fH )^ 

4o6 HODGES, DONEES ut gin enin 
— 
TTJTf 
M T S I E-it. 
H 
M 
H 
2 2 , su n p o rc h , c e n tr a l air hep) 525o m o n th 822 975o 
2 b d l rn m obile in the co u n try, can- tro t a ir, fenced $125 
U nited. 73$ f i n , fag (769 2) 
H f T i " C o c u s T T 
M off M cC ullough I b e d ro o m l l * *868 
’ OTm y B T L C 
I B ed ro om Duplex 
N e ar SAC 7367134 
J ir « r o e n K „ l Pass (H int) i O e n . c e n tra l arr neat. S U L 8X67913 

Co u n t r y N f c A iT u T ir A -------- 
A nd 5 m m fro m M e d ica l C om plex 
H uge 3 bedroom . J b ath (a v a ila b le 
Feb ) o r fu ll I b ed ro om (a v a ila b le 
M a r ), on 45 a c re wooded h illto p oft 
I H ii) W est 
T e nn is c o u rt, rid in g tra ils , horse s talls J B edroom 535o m o 
I B edroom SI5o m o Both plus 
SI5o deposit 
No sm ott c h ild re n 
698 2742 
-------------- *37 C R E S T V I E W -------------- 
J b e d ro o m 
I ' : b o th s , J e ff A re a , only SI 75 S8672o8 
C E N T U R Y l l S chneider R ealty 
-----------------5o7 D A W N V IE W ----------------- 
3 b edroom . I b ath $135 
>34 4521 TUR NER ti E AL T V 142 4849 
5 1 L V i / i W 
~ "J b a c k ro o m r o a n ? d ra pe s, c a rp e tin g 
$18o m o 
735-3625 b u p le x l l/41 N o rw o o d, i b e d ro o m . 
$14o House, 611 Steve*. J b e d ro om . 
S lip 66 ) 7593 w eekdays a tte r 6 
E c o n o m y "J b d rm lu s t l / f l " k u *. p e t* O K, fre sh pewit u n ite d , 715 f i l l , tee (746*1 y a e 6 r * . . r (“leon J ro o m dup le x, 
SAS m o $5o Dep w a ter ad 732 7439 
E x e c u tiv e D u plex. L a u re l H g ls 
; bedroom s, 7 tile baths w ith v a n itie s 
L iv in g ro o m , d in in g ro o m f u lly e q u ip p e d k itc h e n w ith b re a k fa s t space, sun porch, 2 c a r gorog e, lots o f s to r a g e 
L u x u r io u s c a r p e ts , d ra pe s and c u rta in *. Nice lo catio n neor 5 A J C a nt T U 
C h u rc h e s snapping and l r g n s p o rOlton. W otei tu rn 
No v o rd 
M o m ! 
31o 
W 
M istleto e 
-------------E X E C U T E HO M E------------- 
F o r te o s e 
4 la r g e b e d ro o m * . 3 b a th s , c a rp e t* , d ra p e s , c a ll to r m o re in fe r m o tio n 
124-4121 infos 
3474849 
Turner Realty 

E X fR A C L I AH V b e d r-^ m /T ~ t i , c a r p o r t, s to v e , fe n c e d y a rd . N E s ch o o l*, s t 75 4716 Woo no 826 6388 
• ■ A V I I R E A L T Y CO 

NE p o rk , 3 1 , den, ca rp ete d, stove dropes. w alk to R egency. M o c A rth u r, 1185 657-2375 
____________ 
N ice 3 B ed ro om , \ bath!!" I co r gor a g e , c a r p e t e d , r a n g e , r e t r ig fenced im m e d ia te o ccup an cy Sec lio n 8 w elcom e W H E E L U S R E A L 
TY 4761445 

No deposit, 3 b d rm , 2 b oth, se parate d ining , p o rc h SISO 
U nited, 735-9121, fee (755 2) 
N O R T H E A S T 
4 bed ro om . 2 boths, fenced ond tre e s $24o m o 655 9798 o fte r 5 p m. 
N o rth ea st 3 b e d ro om , 2 b oth , la rg e den, c e n tra l a ir a nd h eat 2 co r gar age. ca rp e t th ro u g h o u t, c o ll utter pm 653 59)8 

N o rth S tor. 3 b d rm , c e n tra l a ir, dan aopl, fenced 52oo 
U nited, 735 9121, tee (747-3) 
N O R TH S TA R M A L L , L u x u ry 2 be dro om tow nhouse, p riv a c y patio, a ll e le c tric kitc h e n , a ll p ills bd, $23r 
M O R R IS R E A L L Y 655 4996 
NW 62-1. a ll b u ilt-in *, p lu s re frig ca rp ete d $25o 
U ntied. 7369121, fee (753-3) 
Oak H ills, 2 B d rm , 2 b a th , pool, central a ir heat, couple and re fer enc#*, $35o Jon 15, 733 86o5 
Only home for lease in U niversity 
Oaks, 62-2, 3 M in to M edical Com p le x . or U T S A , w a lk to g r a d e school *35o, m o pius P ep 6961o58 
(ov Feb l* t.) 

ON Q uia! Cul de sac. 62x2.. carpets built ms, p riva c y fence, nice yard 
*325 mo $1oo Dep bs# / Glen Nook. 
Con be seen Sat and Sun, owner on prem ies Toke Wulzem Rd to Glen 
Mont to Glen T ra il to Glen Nook or 
Coll collect. I 336 2442 Boerne Tex 

ON S F LO R E S ; 4 room will tu rn in g S34 4116 
OW N T H IS B E A U T IF U L ' 3 1 I Oft 
Hillcrest only *5oo down, paym ents only *159 No c re d it’ O K ! 
JBJ 
67454o1 
A N Y T IM E 
FA R K V IL L A G E 
3-1 I carpet fenced 6 1 BO 
Mi i n RIS R E A L T Y 455 499* 
RA N C H L A N D H ILLS 
Lovely 3 bedroom , 2 both, g ra n d yord with covered polio, intercom , carpet, ond c en tral air heat 
Year oil shopping, $26o per month 
C e n t u r y 21 
H BP R E S E R *53-6182 Anytim e 
_____ Ag 
Regency P lace D uplex, T a t . cen tro t heat a ir , c a rp e t a ll e le c tric k itc h e n , la u n d r y c o n n e r I v a c v fenced, yard kept, water paid, $295 
653 4511 
Available 
Isl week 
Junuor r 

R E N T A L S 
WE H IN D L E 
Choice NE Rentals 
Came See Us 

124 BUDOY UECKER 
/ I i i , 1324 Austin hHw y 
See th is 2 B a rm , nos a ir , a p p l fenced, kids. pets OK. *145 
I 
United, 7)5 9i j i , fag (711-2) 
Singles w elcom ed! 7 b d rm , Worth central, fenced. *128 ceti untied, 735 9)21, tee 

Spy suspect is arrested in N.J. 

NEW ARK. N J 
(A F ) 
— A Russian em igrant was arrested 
F riday night and charged with passing secret inform a­ tion about the American space shuttle program to a Soviet agent posing as a 
U N. diplomat. 
Ivan 
Rogalsky, a form er Soviet seaman who came to the United 
States in I R71, was a r­ rested in Lakewood, not far from where he was living in rural southern 
New Jersey, according to 

Louis 
A. 
G iovanetti, special agent in charge of the FBI in New Jersey. 
The FBI in Washington said Rogalsky had in his possession at the time of his arrest some “ highly classified" documents from the RC/X Corp. space center at Prince­ ton. 
Rogalsky is accused of spying and conspiring to pass classified data to 
Yevgeniy Petrovich Kar­ pov. second secretary of the Soviet delegation to 
Czechs crack down strongly on dissidents 

VIENNA. Austria (AP) 
— 
The 
Czechoslovak 
Communist regim e ap­ pears to be striking hard ut an upsurge of dis­ sident activity which it claims is instigated by the West, analysts in neighboring z\ustria said 
Friday. 
Alleged operations of the the U.S. Central In­ telligence Agency and 
West Ciermay are given as excuses for the crack­ down, which coincides with sim ila r moves in 
East 
G erm any and 
Poland, the analysts say. 
The official party new­ spaper, 
Rude 
Pravo, warned 
Czechoslovak dissidents F riday that they would have to face the consequences if they block the advance of 
Communism and violate the laws of the Commu­ nist state. 
Aimed 
The w arning was aimed at those who. the paper said, "addressed various letters — seem­ ingly to Czechoslovak authorities, but in reality fabricated on orders of anti-Com m unist and 
Zionist centers — which 

 are subsequently published by the West's most reactionary news media." 

The warning coincided with the publication in a number of m ajor Wes­ tern newspapers of a manifesto carrying the names of more than IOO persons demanding that the Prague government respect human rights. 

17*111 r»ovx Tai 
STOB L O O K IN G ) C all m w tor UK sr if (lio n (A J and 4 bedroom homes to rant, tease xx rill uut 'O'1 to buy or o«v» Pr ised from $XM) $6oo mo Cat) til I P m. 
E kX C U tiy R ia l Estate 1265245 
JOO 5 A 
Loco 41o 
3 bedroom s bain * stove < en hi 
— 
U 
) B 
1 
R 
B r ~ 
■xxi ne b h u t 

Last match begins 

HOUSTON 
(A P ) 
- 
C alifornia and Texas players of the Grand Na­ tional team moved into the final match of the 
North American Bridge 
Team playoff F rid ay with a decisive 296-2*15 victory over the Rei- singer Trophy Team. 
The Grand National team started play Friday night against the team that holds both the Van­ d e rb ilt 
Cup and the 
Springold Trophies for 
19 76 
Play continues through Sunda. 
The winner w ill represent North America and the Am erican Con­ tract Bridge League in 
1977 World Bridge Team championships at Manila in October 
Winners of the three day sem ifinal match were B illy Fisenberg, 
Paul 
Soloway, 
John 
Swanson, and 
Eddie 
Kantar, all of 
Los 
Angeles. Bob Ham m ar and Bobby Wolff, tnith of 
Dallas 
All six have been members of the Aces team that won the world title in 
197o-71 with 
Barnman. 
W olff and 
Fisenberg as members of that championship Loom. 

 no- you 

Info charge begins 

You may not have need it, but Friday started paying for infor­ mation calls to the oper­ ator. 
The .new telephone numlier for directory as­ sistance in San Antonio was changed to 1411, as part of a statewide plan. 
The Texas Public Uti­ lity 
Com m ission ap­ proved the charge for directory assistance last month as part of a rate increase package. 
Each customer will Im* allowed IO calls to 1411 without extra charge during the m onthly b illin g period, a Bell spokesman said 
Beyond the free calls, custom ers w ill he charged 2o cents for each information call. 
The Bell spokesman said experience in other states indicated that 99 per cent of the customers will not"be affected by the new directory assistance charge. 
He added there has been no reports of com­ plaints during the swit­ chover period. 

 the United Nations. Kar­ pov has diplom atic im ­ m unity and cannot be arrested by U.S. authori­ ties. 
He was named as a eo-conspirator with 
Rogalsky by FBI Direc­ tor Clarence Kelley. 
Giovanetti said Karpov has long been suspected of being a member of the soviet Com m ittee for 
State Security — the 
KGB — and that lie probably would be asked to leave the 
United 
States. Karpov has been in this country since Nov. 
29. 1972. 
Lives in Bronx 

Karpov, who lives in a 
Soviet apartm ent com­ plex in the Bronx, N Y., was unavailable for com­ ment Friday night. 
Rogalsky, a 34-year-old unemployed mechanic, obtained the space shut­ tle information from an unidentified RCA engi­ neer who was secretly cooperating with the 
FBI. Giovanetti said 
He said some informa­ tion was passed to K ar­ pov, but nothing vital to 
U S. national security reached the Soviet Union. 
The stocky, sandy- haired Rogalsky. who faces the death penalty if convicted of the charges against him, smiled at photographers as he was led from 
FB I head­ quarters in Newark to a van for transportation to the Bergen County Jail. 
He was being held in the jail overnight, pend­ ing arraignm ent and a bail hearing Saturday before U.S. M agistrate 
William Hunt. 
Unemployed 

Giovanetti said 
Rogalsky came to the Lf- nited 
States through 
Spain and Germany on 
Dec. 15. 1971. He had been employed as an electrician and mechanic here but was not working at the time of his arrest, the agent said, 
He said Rogalsky, a bachelor, met the RCA engineer in November 
1975 at a party in 
California. Rogalsky ex­ pressed interest in the engineer's background and employment, aud iii 
July 1976. when the en­ gineer moved to New 
Jersey to work at the 
RUA plant in Pnm*eton. 
Rogalsky renewed his acquaintance, Giovanetti said. 
"Numerous meetings followed, and the em ­ ploye was encouraged on numerous occasions by 
Rogalsky to obtain infor­ mation from RCA, in ­ cluding information from the space shuttle sys­ tem ," Giovanetti said. 
Ii 
Youth is killed in 2-car crash 

A two-vehicle collision in Southeast Bexar Coun­ ty Friday claimed the life of a young man. 

Sheriffs deputies iden­ tified the victim as Jesus 
Jose Galindo, about 2o, of 
Bloomington. 
Galinao was rushed to 
Santa Rosa Hospital by 
FMS following the 3:9o p.m. accident He died of multiple injuries during emergency surgery a bl­ ite less than th roe-und­ one half hours later, a hospital spokesman said. 
Deputy Tomas Monte- mayor said the victim was a passenger id an 

 eastbound ear on EM 1518 driven by Argatindo Ga­ lindo, 42, of Presidio 
The vehicle was in col­ lision with a cur traveling southbound on 
Hwy. 181, driven by Juan 
Velasco Guzman, 4h, of 
248 Tedder Drive in San 
Antonio, the deputy said 
The Guzman ear was knocked 3o feet by the force of the collision ae- cording to Monteiuayor, 
Neither the older Ga- br)do, nor another pas­ senger in his ear nor the* iK'cupunts oi the Gu/muu car were seriously in ju red , 
M onteiuayor said. 

" 
" 
T^SB SE ff^. 
OHOShMfll 

THE SATURDAY 
EXPRESS NEWS SPORTS 

Inside 
COOK 

C A G E 

January 8 1977 
H 

% >' ' , 
<4 
♦ 
” V < 

■ 
.. i 
J 

Big news from the Super Bowl: 
Grant smiles 

IS fifes i i 
J 

 mmm 
' 

Blan I ook 
Blur man 

 at Sit XI 

GRANT W ATCHES Vikings with stem look 

AP WIREPHOTOS 

LOS ANGELES - It hap* petted shortly before noon Fri­ day. Bud Grant, the one they call 
“ S to n efa ce,” sm iled through an interview and most o n he time he was smiling at his own lines. 

This is the M innesota c o a c h ’s fourth Super Bowl so perhaps it’s time for him to loosen up a bit. He did just that Friday. 
Oh, there w eren’t any knee-slap- pers and Bob Hope, won’t toss in his sleep tonight, worrying about the new funny m an. But. in his own way, 

✓ J IM M Y T U E C R E E K f a v o r s 
Oakland by 6 points 

G rant did display a new. relaxed, humorous side to his nature and he seemed to enjoy the presentation. 
In recent days there’s been much publicity about the fact that Minne­ sota blocked 15 kicks during the sea­ son. Some of that publicity told how 

 the Viking specialty team is hoping to 
/Odd to that number at Oakland’s ex­ pense Sunday. 
When asked about this goal Grant went into lengthy detail. 
“ Yes. i t ’s tru e th a t we have blocked lo and would like to make it ltf or 17 Sunday,” Bud said. And then he added, “ but it’s just as true that 
O ak lan d ’s Hay Guy didn t have a punt blocked all year. 
“ Yes, we’ll try to put a lot of pres­ sure on him Sunday but we’ll need som e help. like a low sn ap from center, which isn t likely to happen. 
Or maybe for Guy to fumble the snap, which isn’t likely to happen. Or per­ haps a missed blocking assignment, which also isn’t likely to happen,” 
G rant continued. His sm ile grew broader with the announcement. 
F in a lly , som eone i n t e r r u p t e d 

See GRANT, rage 2E 

' 

... . A 

REAL SMILE from Grant's lips 
Seattle hustles by Spurs 

By JIM HUTTON 
O f THI EXPRESS N E W S STAIE 

SEATTLE — For a change it was a sunny day in Seattle, but the Sonics left the Spurs in a fog after the third quarter Fri­ day night in the Seattle Center 
Coliseum. 

The Sonics avenged an earlier less in San Antonio with a 131-124 victory before 12,ITH fans 
The Sonics’ point aceummulation 

 set a season’s record for points tal­ lied in a gam e by Seattle. 
The victory was Seattle’s third in a row while the Spurs saw their two- game winning streak erased. 
Seattle also pushed its home record to 17-3. San Antonio has not won a game on the West Coast this season through four outings and its road record reads 4-16. 
The Sonics entered the final period with a 1o4-96 advantage and had little tro u b le m a in ta in in g th a t lead through the final 12 minutes. 

Now, the Spurs m ust quickly re­ group. They fly to Portland Saturday afternoon for a practice session in p rep a ra tio n for a Sunday night meeting with the Trail Blazers in the 
Portland Memorial Coliseum. 
The Sonics persistence finally paid off in the third period. 
Five minutes deep into the period 
Seattle grabbed its first lead of the game. 
Kookie Dennis Johnson started it bv collecting three points thanks to a 
Mike Gale foul. That cut the Spurs’ 

 lead to 8o-79. 
Johnson again responded with an inside shot second later to propel 
Seattle into an 81-8o lead. 
From that point, at o:45, the Sonics took control offensively and Moe was whistled for a technical foul because he felt the Sonics w ere g rab b in g throughout the quarter. 
Seattle built a couple of five-point advantages before Moe was tabbed by referee Jess Kersey for a technical at 2:12. Burleson took the toss but missed The Sonics were the owners 

 of a 97-92 lead at this point. 
At 1:5o the other referee, Michie 
P o w ers, sto p p ed the g a m e and warned Moo about his complaining. 
That stoppage of play brought an outburst from Sonic Coach Bill Bus­ sell. 
The Sonics held a 97-96 edge with 
1:31 remaining in the third period and then buried the Spurs with an offensive assault. 
S eattle had seven u n a n sw e re d points down to tin* end of the period 
One of those tallies was a Nick 

Weahterspoon toss which cam e off a 
Mack Calvin technical foul. 
Seattle shot about 55 per cent from the field in the third quarter com­ pared to the Spurs’ 5o per cent. Sonic guard Slick W atts led the scoring. with ll points in the period. Silas had seven for .San Antonio. 
Seattle got back in the gam e early in the second period. 
The Sonics blitzed the Spurs at the outset with seven unanswered points 

R ozelle mulls future o f draft 

LOS ANGELES (A P ) - 
C om m issioner Pete Rozelle said Friday that continuation of the college football draft de­ pends on the National Football 
League owners and the Players 
Association reaching a new basic agreement. 

The two sides have been negotiat­ ing for three Nears without success, and Rozelle said that until an under­ 

 standing can be reached, the college d ra ft, b a tte re d by re c e n t c o u rt rulings, cannot be held. 
“ Court decisions indicate that if player restric tio n s on freedom of movement, including the draft, are incorporated as part of a gen eral arm s-length bargaining agreem ent, it can be im m une from an ti-tru st challenge.” Rozelle said. 
“ The goal is to try to reach again a form of draft and option com pensa­ tion arrangem ent.” 
The N FL M an ag em en t Council, 

 bargaining agent for the owners, and the P layers Association have been talking continuously with little or no progress, but Rozelle rem ains opti­ mistic. 
“ We hope for an agreem ent this spring,” the commissioner said, "lf one c a n ’t be reached, the ow ners must weigh the business and legal aspects and m ake ap p ro p riate d e ­ cisions at that tim e." 
Rozelle said that if a draft is held. it will not follow th e fo rm a t of previous ones. 
Pate’s torrid 67 bags 2-shot lead 

Sports on TV, Radio 

TELEVISION 
Saturday 
Noon (Ch. 4) — Senior Bowl Foot­ ball Game. 
1:3o p.m. (Ch. 12) — Professional 
Howlers Tour: $8o,ooo Lite Classic from Gable House in Torrance, Calif. 
3 p.m. (Ch. I) — Southwest Con­ ference Basketball: Southern Metho­ dist is. Texas Christian 
3 p.iii 
(Ch. 5) — Phoenix Open 
(•all: Third Round. 
3 p.m. (Ch 12) - Hula Howl All- 
Star Football Game, 
I p.m. ((Ii. a) — CBS Sports Spec- 
(alular: Women’s Gymnastics lea- luring Nadia Comaneci. b p.iii. (I h. ll) — Wrestling. 
7:3o p.m. (Ch. o) — The Way ll 
Was: 1955 Swaps Nashua Horse 
Races. 
9 p.iii (Ch. ll) — Boxing de Mexi­ co. 
1o:3o p iii. (Ch. 4) — First Annual freedom Bowl Football Classic fea­ turing top Black Stars at Los Angeles 
Coliseum 

 sunday 
U a rn. (Ch. 5) — NBA Basketball: 

Los Angeles at Detroit. 
11:3o a m. (Ch. I) - NCAA Bas- ketbull: North Carolina vs. Maryland. 
11:45 a.m. (Ch. 41) — Soccer. 
1 p.m. (Ch. 5) — Phoenix Open 
Golf: Final Round. 
1:3o p m. (Cb. I) — Super Bowl 
Pre-Game Show . 
2 p.m. (Ch. ll) — Knockout: Box­ ing Highlights. 
2:3o p.m. (Ch. 4) — Super Bowl XI: 
Minnesota Vikings vs. Oakland 
Raiders. 
5:3o p m. (Ch. I) — Super Howl 
Post-Game show. 

H MHO 
Saturday 
121o p.m. <WOAL 12oo) — Senior 
Howl (joined in progress). 
7:25 n m. (WOAI, 12oo> - NCAA 
Basketball: Texas Tech vs. Rice. 

Sunday 
2:3o p m. (WOAI, 12oo) — Super 
Howl: Minnesota xs. Oakland. 
8:31 p m. (WOAI, 12oo) — San An­ toni* S p u n vs. Portland Trail 
Blazers. 

PHOENIX 
( AP) 
- 
U.S. 
Open cham pion Jerry Pate clipped four more strokes off par with a second consecutive 
B7 and established a two-stroke lead Friday in the second round of the $2oo,ooo Phoenix 
Open Golf Tournament. 

Pate, 23, who also won the Cana­ dian Open and an im portant Japan­ ese tournament last season in his re­ markable rookie year, put together a two-round total of 134, eight under par on the cold, w et, « ,726-yard 
Phoenix Country Club course. 
“ T h ese young kids,*’ said 
29-year-old Johnny Miller, shaking 
Ills head. “ This Pate .‘cully looks 

✓ St O R I S , Ratio JE 

HAS THE BEST VALUES 
IN AUDIO FOR 1977! 

^K E N W O O D 
K R -4 6 o o 

SATURDAY 
SUNDAY 
SPECIALS! 

AM -PM Receiver, R M S at 3o watts per chan­ nel, with .5 % harmonic distortion. 
DISCOUNT PRICE 

KT-73oo 
^K E N W O O D 

AM-EM Stereo Tuner 
88 

IOO 

GDPtorxjeEii 

8-track record /play deck with built-in Dolby system. 

• MEDALLION 65-554 
A M PM in dash 8 track, adjustable shaft/Universal mounting 
• BOMAN BM 133o 
A M PM in dash cassette adjustable shaft/Universal mounting. 

YOUR CHOICE 
^ DISCOUNT PRICE 
79.88 

BOMAN SH-68o 
AUTO SPEAKERS 
12.88 

Fisher 
XP-57 
Two way shaker system 
8-inch 
W o o f e r / 2-inch Tweeter crossover frequency, 15oo Hz. 

PIR 
PAIR 

 tough. I can, rem em ber when I used to make putti, like that,” 

Miller, winner uf five of the last six 
PCA events in Arizona and the heavy fav o rite in this to u rn a m e n t th a t kicked off the 1977 tour, m ade one important one. It was a 45-footer for an eagle 3 that gave hun a 69 and a 
143 total, safety under the cutoff ft* 
Kure for the final two rounds. 

T l T S M T n f T 

6674 SAN Pf DRQ 
(Nill IO PIZZA HUI 
8 2 4 - 7 1 9 6 

MARBACH PLAZA 

M ilitary Of W i i M n k s i k 1 4 ) 
6 7 4 - 7 5 1 3 

MARBACH 
PUZA 
OPEN 
SUNDAY 
1o-6 

T E R M S 

Poge 
2-E 
H 
Son Antonio EXP R ESS-N EW S— 
Saturday January 8 I9 7 7 
P age sat9 errrr, stood it out 

LOS ANGELES — Well, it’s finally come down to this, Alan Page’s hemorrhoids. 
The physical condition of these two Super Bowl teams is so good visiting newsmen have been forced to scratch and search for fresh angles to report on each day. The most recent search took us to Mr. Page. 

The fierce Minnesota lineman wasn’t too fierce the other day as he sat out more than half a practice session. Or, to be more accurate, he stood it out. 
Seem s that P a g e ’s plan of preparation for this gam e calls for more Preparation H than anything else. Since the discovery of that semi-serious ailment we’ve been blitzed with bulietins on Alan’s condition. 
Viking Coach Bud Grant insists that Page is improving rapidly and “ most certainly’’ will play against Oakland 
Sunday. Alan leans in that direction too, although he did whip up a round of e x c ite m e n t late T h u rsd ay when, pressed by over-eager reporters, he conceded that it was 
“ possible” that he might sit this one out if his condition takes IO turns for the worst. Opps, did it again. Make that stand this one out. 

F rid ay G ra n t w atered down that story when he a n ­ nounced, “ the health of our team b ea rs no com m en t because we are in excellent condition, right at IOO per­ cen t.” Then he explained that P a g e ’s hemorrhoidal con­ dition “ has reduced” and that he’ll be okay. 
All of a sudden the weather becam e the hottest topic in town. 
Now the weather is something else, not nearly as good as 
P ag e’s problem. And it’s going to take more than a tube of ointment to cure this rainy condition. 
For the better part of three days rain has peppered this city of angels and late Thursday night a tremor tilted us a mite. Registered 3.ti on the Richter scale but in all proba­ bility only R ich ter noticed. Most ju st figured that Otis 

Sistrunk fell out of bed. 
Both Oakland and Minnesota personnel are praying for a 
•dry field Sunday and the weatherman says that there will be a IO percent chance of rain. Of course, looking to the brighter side, this m ean s that there will be 9o percent chance of sunshine. 
The w eatherman isn’t poking his neck out and laying any percentages on possible earthquakes Sunday. 
Rickies and F razier 

Those in charge of the care and l/andling of visiting newsmen really have been straining the past few days. 
They even brought Don Rickies by the press lounge to insult folks for a few hours. The veteran comic was in his finest form but most of his rem arks were a mite too stout for repeats in a family newspaper. 
Alan P a g e ’s hemorrhoids are one thing and R ick ies’ verbal zingers are something else. 
Then cam e Jo e Frazier, singing and dancing his way into our hearts. All of the fighter’s rem arks were clean and pure but Sm okin’ Jo e didn’t have an abundance of heavy com ments concerning the game. At one point he did mention that he has a few more friends on the Minnesota team so he’ll probably be rooting for the Vikes Sunday. 

Both Jo e and Rickies will be featured on a CBS live TV show tonight. Som ething billed like “ Super Saturday night,” designed to show how everyone is going bananas on the eve of Super Bowl XI. It’s assumed that a strong football flavor will be worked into the theme by non-player types. 
;; 
Visiting Franco Harris 

The press room appearances of Rickies and Frazier were promoted by CBS, of course, and designed only for the laziest reporters who were reluctant to leave the potato chip and dip counter in the hospitality lounge. There are many other, m ore football oriented subjects loose in the area and available for interviews for enterprising writers willing to chase a bit. 
For exam ple, I took an elevator I didn’t need to take just to ask F ran co Harris how it felt to sit out Pittsburgh’s last gam e because of an injury. I rode 14 flights to hear, 
“ m iserable, just m iserab le.” 
When I got back to the press room Rickies was sparring with Frazier. H e 'was winning, too, although no formal decision was announced. 
Y ou’ve got to move swiftly to keep track of everything going on out here. 

NATE A R C H IB A L D , injured N ew York Net guard, watches his team lose to Los Angeles 
Friday night, 85-82. A friend, Jean Claxton, sits with him. — AP Wirephoto 
St. Mary’s nips Ivats 

SOCIAL TO IHT U P81SS N tW i 
H U N T S V IL L E - F o u r clutch free throws by D ar­ rell Brogdan in the final minute Friday night lifted the St. Mary’s Rattlers out of the danger area as the 
Snakes slipped past Sam 
Houston State, 6o-55. 
T h e v ic to r y w as th e fourth in a row for St. 
M ary’s, which ran its sea­ son record to 1o-4. 
A jum per by Bobhy Reid untied a 53-53 gam e with just less than four minutes to go and St. M ary's went into a stall, thereafter. 

Tw o fr e e th ro w s by 
Brogden with 5o seconds left cushioned the Rattler lead to 58-53 and hit two more with just 13 seconds left on the clock. 

St. M ary’s won the gam e at the free throw line. The 
Rattlers hit 14 of 18. Sam 
Houston hit only five of ll and m isse d s e v e ra l key one-and-ones. 
Reid, who hit eight'of 14 field goal tries and out 15 m in u tes b ecau se of foul trouble, led all scorers with 
18 points. Leon Walls and 
Mike Cunningham had 13 each. 

St M a r y 's (AO) to M a ta 
He id 
8 
C o art 
2 
Coding o 
C n gn m 4 
W o n * 
J 
P w iun 2 
B 'g d n 
2 
M e a n s o 

2 I 
o I 
OO 
J 6 
3 4 
OO 
4 4 
OO 
T o tals 2) 14 ta AO 

St M a r y ’s 
Said H ouston 
Total tout* 
H ouston TO 
A ttendance 
(.SOO 

St 

S a m H ouston (SS) ta H-o to 
C c k rl 
2 
T hpsn 
) 
Frhtnt 
) 
D a v is 
6 
B lack 
2 
P r*tn 
2 
Sm o sn o 
O O 
G V N F L D ’ , 
>«• >» 
N eltm * S 
OO 
IO 
Totals 2S 
S I I SS 

2* 
J) 
- 
AO 
29 
2A 
— 
SS 
M a r y s IS ; 5 a m 

o 2 
oo 
1 
2 
1 2 
OO 
o 2 

 m ark as a witness for the defense in the $3.5 million su it filed by C h a r le s O. 
Finley of the Oakland A’s against baseball C om m is- 

L ee advances at iM redo 

SttciAi t o in t tsee tss N ew s 

LAREDO — Lee, Alvin and Wharton claimed first round v ic to r ie s 
F r id a y night in the 6th annual 
Laredo Junior College base- ketball Tournament. 

Friday's Results 
First Round 
SCHR I INB R (19): 
M ik e D a b n e y 
32, Gene M e gge tt IS. Tom Them e- so n It, J e n k in s I, Y o u n g b lo o d J. 
An d e rson A, R av e n ! S. T o m lin so n 4, 
R obert* 2 
A L V IN ( Io S ) ; 
D o n looperk 
23, 
Jottn Ir v i n e 22. L o v g n C o o p e r 
I i , TH o m o * B r a n d e n b u r g Is, C a r l 
Johnson 14, B o n n ilkso n A. F o rd 2. 
B o rn e * 2, H o se m e v e r J, 
Holttime 
A lv in aa. Schrpm er 34. 
Other C a m e s 
Lee «2. G a r y aa 
W harton l l . A utonm g de N uevo 
Leon ST 
Satu rd ay s Schedule 
C o n s o la t io n s e m i f i n a l s 
S c h r e in e r v s, 
G a r y , lo a m 
C h a m p io n s*!? Se m ifin a ls t e e v s 
Alvin, noon 
L a re d o v s 
W h arto n J p m 
Co n solation c h a m p io n sh ip 
A u to n o m g N u e v o L e a n vs. teirm er 
Gary vs 
Scnre m p r. 4 p m 
Third 
F lo e * : a p rn. 
C h a m p io n s h ip 
I p.m. 

Grant looks ready 

Continued from Page IE 

 with, “ then it really isn’t too likely that Minnesota will block any kicks 
Sun d ay , rig h t c o a c h ? ” W ith th at 
Grant broke into a full laugh and he replied, “ that’s right, it’s not likely at all but you fe llo w s have b een making such a big deal over it and I 
Uke the idea so well I didn’t want to stop you.” 
Admission 

Grant then admitted that Oakland’s lone, big edge in their Sunday m at­ chup would be in the punting depart­ ment where Guy handles the chores. 
“ He’s the best punter in football,” 
Bud said. He wasn’t sm iling on that statem ent. . 
When asked what areas Minnesota might have an edge Grant returned to his sm ile and easy m anner when he said, “ We have more Super Bowl ex­ perience.” That filled the room with lau g h ter b e ca u se it has b e co m e a well-known fact that Grant long ago 
Spurs lose 

Continued from Page IE with guard F red Brow n c o lle ctin g four of those tallies. 
But the Spurs, who had been run­ ning the Sonics to death in the first half, started to get their gam e back togeth er a fte r b ein g plagued with cold shooting and turnovers at the start of the second quarter. 
The Spurs popped the Sonics for nine unanswered points with M ark 
Olberding, Coby D ietrick, Silas and 
Gervin all contributing. 
Spurs ahead 
The rapid-fire ch a ra cteristics dis­ appeared for the rem ain d er of the second period and the Spurs held on to post a 68-61 halftim e advantage. 
Seattle made its way back largely on its increased proficiency from the field. 
The Spurs ended the first half by shooting 59 per cent from the floor while the Sonics had 58. 
San A n to n io , h o w e v e r, held a rebounding advantage of 24-19. 
The top sco re rs for the Sp u rs at intermission were Larry Xenon with 
14. Allan Bristow and George Gervin with 13 each and Billy Paultz with IO. 
Coach B ill R u ss e ll’s Sonics were paced o ffe n s iv e ly by c e n t e r T o m 
Bu rleso n w ith 14 points and N ick 
W e a th e rsp o o n w ith IO. No o th e r 
S e a ttle p la y e rs w ere in double fi- gures. 
The Spurs scored the most points in a quarter this season against Seattle in the first period Friday night. 
San Antonio grabbed a 45-34 lead 

 grew weary of cou ntless question s concerning his three previous Super 
Bowl losses and this new opportunity to make it four defeats without a win in the biggie. 
In this land of long hair Bud Grant, with his b risk crew cut, stands out like a defensive tackle at a pygmy wedding. But he’s relaxes this time, at peace with the world and offering no complaints. “ I ’ve tried to find so­ mething to complain aho lt but so far 
I can’t put my finger on anything,” he said Friday. 
Reference 

This was in reference to Minneso­ ta’s Super Bowl opportunity in Hous­ ton where Grant made headlines with his complaints about his workout fa­ cilities. 
And th e re ’s not much con trast in that departm ent between Grant and 
Johnny Madden, the Oakland coach. 
Nine years ago Madden was an a s ­ s is ta n t O a k la n d c o a c h w hen th e 

S A N A N T O N IO O IA ) 
Baseball execs hit at trial 

 associate) Niiss 
CHICAGO — Ewing Kauffman of the Kansas 
City Royals testified Friday that his fellow baseball owners are capable of being self-confi­ dent, egotistical and egocentric. 

K auffm an m ade the re* sinner Bowie Kuhn. 

Kuhn voided three sales by Finley last Jun e 15 of a m illio n d o lla r s e a ch for o u tfie ld e r J o e R udi and pitch er Rollie F in g e r s to the Boston Red Sox and SI 5 m illio n for p itc h e r Vida 
B lu e to th e New Y o r k 
Yankees. 

K a u f f m a n ’s r e m a r k s judging the egos of his col­ leagues were prefaced by the fact that they have in­ herited or made great sums of m oney and th at they should be gov ern ed by a strong commissioner. 

P lo v e r 
M in Ig lo o O ita re b pf pts 
Bristow 
34 
A IO 
I 8 
7 
5 
19 kenon 
46 
1117 ao 
15 
7 
22 
P oult! 
47 
7 12 
4 4 
5 
2 
18 
Gale 
73 
S S ao 
2 
4 
IO 
G e rv in 
35 
17 22 
3 3 
3 
3 
77 
Silos 
23 
3 IO 
I O U 
2 
3 
16 
Otetriek 
A 
13 
OO 
I 
2 
2 
Otoerding 
14 
2 4 
OO 
2 
I 
4 
Calvin 
15 
3 4 ao 
I 
I 
A 
O o m o ‘«r 
4 
o-o ao 
o 
o 
o 
Total* 
244 
5o-9o 
24-27 
38 
23 114 

S E A T T L E (131) 
P lay e r 
M in fg (g a i n t o re b p l e n 
B anto m 
17 
4 8 
OO 
3 
7 
8 
Seals 
33 
6 1o 
3 4 
7 
7 
15 
Burleso n 
34 
9 14 
6 9 
9 
3 
24 
Brow n 
27 
M A 
OO 
4 
3 
12 
W atts 
38 
8-12 
4 5 
7 
3 
7o 
W eotkerseoon 
35 it 16 
13 
1) 
3 
73 
Jonnvon 
JO 
7 IO 
3 4 
I 
7 
17 
W ilkerson 
4 ai 
OO 
o 
o 
o 
G reen 
14 
74 ao 
2 
2 
4 
Toison 
12 
4 7 
OO 
7 
3 
8 
Total! 
24o i i 98 
17 75 
43 
23 1)1 

San Aniente 
4! 23 28 78 — 
124 
Seottie 
34 27 43 27 — 
1)1 

K auffm an testified that 
Kuhn had the power to ne­ gate F m ey ’s sales because they were “ not in the best interests" I of baseball and th at 
Kuhn should act toward m a in ta in in g c o m ­ p e titiv e b a la n c e w ithout which som e te a m s would become insolvent. 

Under cross-examination by F in ley ’s chief counsel, 
N ed P a p ia n o , K a u ffm a n admitted that he once had said too much competitive balance could turn baseball into a ballet. 

R aid ers go th eir first — and only, until now — Super Bowl opportunity so he’s had a taste of this experience. 
But Madden is so happy to be here now he’s not about to complain about anything. 
You get the idea that Johnny might dig post-holes in Utah each Super 
Bowl week when his team is not here, 
He’s only told us 15 times how’ tickled he is to have his Raiders here to fur-' nish half the entertainm ent Sunday. ' 
Unhappy 

On one o c c a s io n M ad d en s a id , 
“ don’t let Coach Grant tell you how unhappy he is because his team has lost three previous Super Bowls. It’s a lot better to be here and lose then to not be here at a ll.” 
Sunday Grant hopes to feel the ul­ tim ate experience for a pro coach and get that first big victory. But if he does it’s most unlikely that the win will result in a blocked kick. Most unlikely. 

EA STERN C O N FEREN CE 
Atlantic Division 
W 
L 
Pct. 
GB 
Philadelphia 
21 
14 
.6oo 
- 
New York Knicks 
18 
18 
.5oo 
3V? 
Boston 
17 
18 
.486 
4 
Buffalo 
15 
23 
. 395 
7*6 
New York Nets 
12 
25 
.324 IO 
Central Division 
Cleveland 
22 
15 
.595 
- 
Houston 
2o 
14 
.588 
Va 
San Antonio 
2o 
18 
.526 
2 ' 2 
New Orleans 
19 
18 
.514 
3 
Washington 
18 
17 
.514 
3 
Atlanta 
13 
27 
.325 1o*4 

W ESTERN CO N FEREN CE 
Midwest Division 
Denver 
25 
12 
.676 
— 
Detroit 
21 
15 
.583 
3*2 
Indiana 
19 
2o 
.487 
7 4 
Kansas Citv 
17 
2o 
.459 
8 
Chicago 
13 
21 
.382 1o*2 
Milwaukee ll 
28 
.282 15 

 a fte r th e f i r s t 12 m in u te s . T h e previous high for a quarter against the Sonics this season also was r e ­ corded by the Spurs in their 138-114 victory at San Antonio. T h e S p u rs had 44 in a period during that gam e. 
Coach D oug Moe stu ck w ith his lan to start his original lineup and 
KIU is 

A S S I5 T $ - B ristow 4, A en on V P o u lt! J. G a le A, 
G e rv in J. S ilo * 4. C a lv in 2. S e a l* I. B u rle s o n a. 
B ro w n 5, W att* 12. W e ato e r*p o o n I, J o h n so n I, 
G reen 2. Toison 2 
S T E A L S 
B risto w I, k e n o n 3, C o te I, G e r v in I, 
S ila s I, C a lv in I. S e a ls I, B r o w n 2. W a t t s J . 
W eatherspoon I, Johnson A. T o ison I 
T U R N O V E R S : Son A n to n io 26. Seattle 76 
B L O C K E D S H O T S : G e rv in J, K e n o n 2, P o u lt ! I, 
B u rleso n S. W atts 2. B ro w n I, B a n ta m I. W e a ls e rspoon I. Toison I, S e a l* I. 
T E C H N IC A L S 
S H 
O F F IC IA L S : K e rse y a n d P ow ers. 
Nuggets roar 

HOUSTON (A P ) - Denver Center 
Dan Issei scored 3o points, including 
21 in the second half to lead the 
Nuggets to a 117*1o7 National B a s ­ ketball Association victory over the 
Houston Rockets Friday night. 
The Nuggets, who lead the NBA's 
Midwest Division, never trailed in the contest, continually shutting off the Rockets with rugged defense. 

O E N V E R o 1 7 ) : 
J o n *, 7 S I I*. W is * S 2 2 12, 
Issei 12 A S JO, M c C la in 5 A A 16. T h o m p so n S » 12 ll. Silos 2 4 4 I. P rie s J o-o A. B a c k I 2 2 4. T a y lo r o 
o-o o. W to sta r I 2 2 A. T o tals 41 3 5 4 ) 1)7 
• 
H O U S T O N (1o7): 
RaliytT 2 o-o 4. T o m to n o v ic h ll 2 2 24. M o le n a a 4 IO 16. L u c a s 2 o I A- M u r p h y A 
1 I 9, N fw im a A 4 12. Jo h n so n I J A 19, R u n n e r! J 
2 2 4, O Jonas 3 12 1. W on! 2 o o 8 T o ta ls AS 17 26 
1o7 
De nve r 
27 14 14 1 2 - U 7 
H m m Am 
13 21 17 I S — 147 f o u le d o u t — w o rn 
T o ta l l o u U - O e n v * r 24, 
H ouston i t T e c h n ic a l-S ilo * . A — 11.224- 

 first su b stitu te happened to be 
Ja m e s Silas. 
Silas ca m e in for Mike Gale at 4:48 in the first period. By the tim e Silas cam e in the gam e the Spurs held a 
26-2o lead over the Sonics. 
San Antonio took control in the first period a f t e r th e g a m e had b een deadlocked at 14-14 through seven- and-one-half minutes. 
Bullets hit 

LA N D O V E R . Md. (A P ) - Phil 
Chenier scored 26 points in the first three quarters to pace the W ashing­ ton B u llets to their fifth straig h t 
N atio n al B a s k e t b a l l A s s o c ia tio n victory, 99-89. over the slum ping 
Phoenix Suns Friday night. 
C h e n ie r, who had 28 p oints in 
Wednesday night’s victory over the 
New York Nets, matched that figure by sinking l l of 2o shots and adding six free throw s before d ep a rtin g midway through the final quarter. 
With Chenier getting 16 points, the 
Bullets built a 49-4o halftime edge, w idened it to 77-66 a f t e r t h r e e quarters and coasted to their 18th victory in 35 games. 
P H O E N IX (|9): 
H o a rd ’ o-o 14. P e r r y A 2 2 14, 
A d a m * 3 4 4 IO, So b e r* J 2 4 12. W e slp b o l 7 I t IS, 
O V a n A r , d o le 2 2 3 A, A w T rey 2 o o 4. T V o n 
A rsd o le I o o 2, Le e 3 I J J. P o i ry I 2 3 $, P e h r o o o 
o. Schiueter o O o o T o tals 37 IS 19 19 
W A S H IN G T O N (99) : 
H a v e s 4 I S 9. R o b in so n 2 
2 4 6. U n sold 2O O 4. B in g 3 4 4 IO, C h e n ie r l l A A 21. 
K upcbak I 4-1o IO. W righ t 5 o-o <o G r a y 4 S A 13, 
W eiss I o-o 2. G r o v e s I 3-4 J. P a c e o 2-2 2, R io rd o n 
o o-o o T o tals JA 31 Al 99 
PhaenlK 
JJ 17 24 2 1 -4 9 
W ash in gton is i s 14 11— 99 
F o u le d o u t — N o n e 
T o ta l to u ts — P h o e m * 24, 
W ash in gton 24. T e ch n ica l— C h e n ier. A — 6.o72. 
Bulls bite 

CHICAGO (A P) - Wilbur Holland pumped in 24 points and and Mickey 
Johnson collected 2o points and 21 rebounds to lead the Chicago Bulls to a 198-88 triumph over the New York 
Knicks F rid ay night in a National 
Basketball Association gam e. 
Using a rugged defense and shut­ ting off the New York front line of 
Lonnie Shelton, Spencer Haywood and Bob McAdoo, the Bulls dealt New 
York its third straight defeat and lith road setback in 16 outings. 

N E W y o r k 
( 4 4 ) : 
M c A d o o l l 
O O 
22, 
M c M illa n 3 o-o A, Shelton 1 o o 2, P r o n e ' I 11 1? 
IS. M o n ro e 4 5-7 ll, H a yw o o d 2 a O 4, M c M ille n J 
OO A, J a c k so n o o o o. B ra d le y 2 o o 4, B u rd e n 2 
o o 4 
L a yto n o o-o o. B e a rd I a o 2 
T o ta ls 36 
16 19 44 
C H IC A G O (1o4): 
Johnson 7 6 7 2o. M a y 2 2 J 
A. G ilm o re 7 2 3 16, H o i tong 12 OO 24, V o n L ie r 5 
7 9 17. M a r in J 12 7, M e n ge l* 4 OO 4, P on d e n ie r 
7 o o 4, k ro o o I OO 2, Boer w inkle 2 o4) A. S ta r r o 
OO o T o tals AS )4 7S 1o4 
N ew Y a rn 
JJ 24 2S 2 1 -4 4 
C h ica go 
24 24 l l 2 2 -1 4 4 
So u 1*o o u t— Shelton, Totoi touts— N e w Y o r k 22. 
C h ic a g o 2o. T e c h n ic a ls — V a n L i a r , C h i c a g o 
Cooch B o o g e r 2. A 
- I M / / . 

 v with 
Dan Klepper 

Pacific Division 
Portland 
26 
13 .667 
— 
Los Angeles 
23 
14 .622 
2 
Golden State 
19 
16 .543 
5 
Seattle 
21 
19 
.525 5*6 
Phoenix 
14 
2o .412 
9*4 
Frid ay ’s Gam es 
Los Angeles 85, New York Nets 82 
Philadelphia 116, Cleveland 96 
Washington 99, Phoenix 89 
Detroit 14o, Milwaukee 132 
Seattle 131, San Antonio 121 
Chicago 1o8, New York Knicks 88 
Denver 117, Houston 1o7 
Portland 13o, New Orleans 118 
Saturday’s Gam es 
Boston at Buffalo 
Phoenix at New York Knicks 
Washington at Cleveland 
New York Nets at Indiana 
Houston at Kansas City 
Philadelphia at Milwaukee 
Chicago at Denver 
New Orleans at Golden State 

Pistons hot 

D E T R O IT (A P) - M L. Carr set a career scoring record and Chris Ford posted a new personal assist high as the Detroit Pistons won a free-for-all scoring battle from the Milwaukee 
Bucks, 14o-132, Friday night. 
It was the Pistons’ lith National 
Basketball Association victory in the last 15 games. 

M IL W A U K E E (122): 
B rid g e m a n 2 OO 4. D o n d o d g e 12 2 2 26, N ote r A 2 2 14. B u c k n e r 9 3-3 21. 
W in te r* 4 2 2 >o, B ro k a w S 8 8 18. Sm ith o O O o. 
E n g lis h I OO 2. L lo y d 4 3 3 l l , R e sto n ) o O O o, 
M e y e r s 3 O O A, C a rte r 8 4 6 2o, T o ta ls 54 24 26 132 
D E T R O IT (14o): 
H P o rte r IO S A 25. C o r r ll 
3-3 25. La m e r 11 o-o 22. F o rd 7 A 4 2o. S im p so n 8 7 2 
Ii, M o n e y 3 aO A , K P orter 3 3 3 V, B a r n e s 4 J 5 ll, 
D o u g la s 2 o o 4, S e lle rs o OO o T otols 59 22 27 1 1O 
M ilw a u k e e 
JA JO 22 a a - 132 
De troit 
3o 3o 34 44— 14o 
F o u le d o u t— N o n e 
Total tou ts— M ilw a u k e e 77, 
De troit 3). T e ch n ica ls— M ilw a u k e e C o a c h N e lso n , 
L a m e r A — 5,354 
7tiers rom p 

PH ILAD ELPH IA (A P) - George 
McGinnis scored 33 points, grabbed a ca reer high 22 rebounds and handed out seven assists as the Philadelphia 
76ers trounced the Cleveland Cava­ liers 116-96 in the National Basketball 
Association Friday night. 
The loss knocked the Cavaliers out of first place in the Central Division. 
T he 76ers raced to a 33-18 first- period lead and Cleveland never got closer than 13 points the rest of the gam e. It was 58-41 at halftime. 

C L E V E L A N D (94): 
Sm ith 7 4 4 8. S n y d e r I O O 
2, W illia m s 3 O O 6, R u sse ll 4 O O 8. C h o n e s 6 2 4 14, 
G a rre tt I ' J 3, L a m b e rt J OO 4. C a r r IO 2 2 22, 
C ie a m o n s 5 2 3 17. T h u rm o n d $ 3 5 13. B re w e r 2 O O 
4 Totals 41 14 2o VA 
P H I L A D E L P H I A ( U A ) : 
E r v i n g 9 J A 21. 
M c G in n is 1J 7 9 33, Jo nes 3 OO A. B ib b y 3 1 7 7, 
F re e I A 9 77. C o llin s A I I ll. D u n le o v v I O O 2, 
B ry a n t 3 OO A. F u rlo w I o-o 7. C a tc h in g * I O O 7. 
D a w k in s I OO 7 T o ta ls 49 l l 75 H A 
C ie veto a g l l 23 22 1 2 - 96 
P h ila d e lp h ia 
33 2 5 l l 2 7 -1 1 4 
F o u le d out— N on# Total touts — C le v e la n d , 18 
P h ila d e lp h ia 24 A — 18,276 
Lakers roll 

UNIONDALE, N Y. (A P) - Kar- eem-Abdul J a b b a r took charge in the final two minutes, scoring the last seven points for Los Angeles as the 
Lakers swept by the New York Nets 
85-82 in the National Basketball As­ sociation Friday night. 
The Nets trailed the Lakers most of the way until tying them 74-74 on a ju m per by Rich Jones with 4:5o to go. 
The Nets finally pulled ahead HO 79 on a rebound shot by J i m Fox with two minutes to go. t 

L O * A N G E L E * ( l f ) 
R u sse ll A 3 3 15. F o r d 2 
OO 4, AbdulJob bor A 7 lo 19, Chaney A 7 2 14 Allen 
3 2 2 *. N u e m a n n 2 12 5, W a sh in gto n 1o o6, L a m a r 
4 2 7 IO. Rupee o <7o o, A be rnethy 1 o o 7. R o b e rt* o 
2 2 2 Totols 33 1 9 2 3 *5 
N E W Y O R K N E T * (92): von B re d a K o to o 4 4 
4. B a sse tt 4 o-o1, H u g h e s 5 o o IO, W illia m so n 6 4 4 
JA, Sk in n er I 4 4 2o, T e rry o o-o o, H a w k in s o o o o, 
Fo« 4 2 2 IO. Jones a 2 2 14 Total* i i ia )a 82 
L o s A n g e le s 
31 17 |9 IO— •* 
N ew Y o rk 
22 12 34 1 4 -8 3 
Pouted o u t— N o n e Totoi fo u l*- L o t A n g e le s 17, 
N ew Y o rk 21. T p c h n lc o l-N e t i C o a c h L a u g h e r s . 
A -5 ,4 4 5 . 

Free tackle book backfires 

Recent mail-stop orders issued by the U.S. 
Postal Service indicate that fishermen are only one-fifth as gullible as folks desiring to lose weight without really trying. 

U SP S has issued a mail-stop order against a New Jersey company called Angler’s Friend under the Postal False 
R ep resentation Statute for o fferin g for sale a book of 
“ secre ts” on “ How to Get F r e e Fishing T a ck le.” 
The firm asked $5.5o for an 18-page booklet which ad­ vised purchasers to write to fishing tackle m anufacturers offering to field test and evaluate specific fishing gear m ade by the m an u facturers. T hese letters, the booklet said, would result in a m inim um of $1oo worth of free tackle within the first mqnth. 

Upon investigation, the Postal Inspection Service disco­ vered that only one of the m anufacturers listed would even consider giving free tackle In exhange for field testing and then only after a personal interview. 

The Consumer Protection Office of the Postal Service 
Law Department filed a formal complaint charging that the firm falsely represented its product and engaged in a s ch e m e to o b tain m on ey th ro u g h the m a ils by false representations. 
Other mail-stop orders issued recen tly 'by U SP S were against five com panies for offering for sale such items as diet grapefruit pills, self-hypnosis tapes for weight loss and a w eigh t-red u cin g p ro g ra m called S lim Through 
Sleep. 
Learning it the hard way 

P ark s and Wildlife Departm ent information officer John 
O ’Dowd of San Antonio te lls about h is n e ig h b o r ’s 
16-year-old son who decided to trap for pelts to support his car. It was an expensive attem p t, but at least the exp erience taught the young a man the m eaning of 
“ playing possum .” 
T h e young trap p er ch eck ed his trap lin e the first morning and found he had caught two opossums. One was dead. T he other, a large male, was still alive, and the boy dispatched it with a sharp blow to the head. He put his possums on the floor of the back seat of his ca r and headed for home. 
Next thing he knew, the big m ale possum was trying to clim b into the front seat with the trapper. The boy grabbed it by the scruff of the neck and threw it into the back seat. 
The opossum appeared to be as dead as a door nail. 

He turned his attention back to driving, but only for a mom ent. Here cam e B re r Possum again, live as ever and twice as mean. This tim e the boy w asn't as fortunate. He broadsided another vehicle while trying to deal with what he m ust have thought was a possum with nine lives. 

“ After explaining his actions to a not very understand­ ing policeman, the other motorist and his father, he picked up the opossums and threw them in the tru n k ," John said. 
“ A tow truck cam e and hauled both cars to the garag e.” 
Late that afternoon, when he showed the car to a friend, he opened the trunk. The big opossum hopped out and ran off. 
. m a . 
Saturday short shots 

Fishing guide Dave Hawk writes from El Fuerte in 
Mexico that the situation in that region is back to normal 
(and never was very far from it) since Lopez Portillo becam e president Dec. I. 
“ Elaine (Hawk’s wife) has been in and out of Mexico several tim es recently w itll nothing but good relations with all concerned,” he writes. “ To cap it all off. Governor 
Calderon of Sinaloa recently gave me permission for 12 new shotguns, eight of which were registered in El Fu erte 
Dec. 12.” 
“ Without exception, every custom er who has been to my place in Mexico will tell you that they were never treated better by the Mexican officials and authorities at Chihua­ hua or U erm otiUo,” he addds. 
★ WW 
J i m White lias been elected president of the McQueeney 
Bass Club for 1977. Other officers for the new year include 
Robert Altwein, vice president; Orvis 
B urr, secretary; and (Jus Reinarz, treasurer. 
Larry Dougherty is hie 1976 champion of the club with 
14o pound* IO ounces of bass caught during tournaments. 
J a c k Woolev finished second with 129 pounds. 
Other leaders were Kenneth S taats, 121 OI; Robert 
Soheei, 119 IO; Frankie Altwein, 11o.o6; Bobby Bartels, 
1o3.o1; Don Searight, 99.o2; J e r r y Zercher, 92.13; Robert 
Altwein, 88.o4; Kevin Re I m ere, 79.o9; Johnny Gray, 78.15; 
Dennis Zech, 55.11; Gus Reinarz, 52.o2; David Triesch, 49 pounds; and Billy Hopkins, 48.o1. 
Evert disposes of Sue B ark er 

Miss Turnbull advanced with a victory ovec. Belli 
Norton Thursday. 
In another quartef-firfal m atch , third-seeded M a r­ tina Navratilova of Beverly 
Hills, Calif., also breezed to a 
6-1, 6-1 v ic to r y pvj?r 
Franeoise Durr of Fran ce ju st before M iss KVeft*s triumph. 

The winner of the tour­ nament will receive $2o,ooo with the runner-up getting 
$1o,(HK). Each of the sem i­ f in a lis t s is a s s u r e d of 
$5,ooo. 

WASHINGTON (A P ) - 
Top-seeded Christ Evert of 
F o r t 
L a u d e r d a le , 
H a . , need ed only 45 m in u te s 
F r id a y n ig h t to d e fe a t fifth-seeded Sue B ark er of 
Britain and gain the sem i­ final round of a $1oo,ooo w o m e n 's te n n is t o u r n a ­ ment. 
M iss E vert, the defend­ ing cham pion, beat M iss 
B a r k e r 6*1, 6-2 and will meet Wendy Turnbull S a ­ turday in the sem ifinals, lo be held in th e C a p ita l 
Centre in nearby Landover, 
Md. 

GOLF NOTES 

A LAM O C IT Y G A. 

The Alamo City Golf Association w ill hold its w eek ly tournam ent 
Sunday m Pleasanton beginning at 
7 a m 

SAW G A 

First Flight 
Low gross — Dee 
8w Low rH>f * Helen M iller 
89 19 7o, M ary W esthaven 89 18 71 
Low Putter _ Evelyn Fletcher jj ' 
Second Flight 
(L G ) H arriet Caid 
V ' <LN) M l,U t Boe I ter yj-zc 69. Connie Harrison 94-?4 7o. 
Caidcleogh, Dee Uranson i i 
Third Flight 
(L G ) Evelyn Bechtel l~* <CN) Tommy Koerth 1o6-J9-67 
Betheo ” 28 71. R ay Jones 
1oo-29-71 1oo29 71; ( L P ) Jones 32 

P H O E N IX (A P ) — Second round sc o re s F r id a y in th e $2oo,ooo 
Phoenix Open Golf Tournament on the 6.726-vard. oar-71 P h o e n ix 
Country Club course. 

Je r ry Pate 
Lorry Nelson 
George Burns 
Rik Massengaie 
Gibby Gilbert 
D o 9 e'H lil' 
Danny Edw ards 
George Cadie 
John Gentile 
Victor Regalado 
Mike Morley 
Don Ja n u a ry 
Gene Littler 
F uz*zv~7belter 
Forrest Fezler 
Bobby Wadkins 
Woody Blackburn 
Lvn Lbtt 

Jim Knoll 
76 76-152 
John Jackson 
74-78-15? 
Ken Ellsworth 
78 74-1S? 
Tom Storey 
76 76-157 
Mike McCullough 
75-77—152 
Boh E. Smith 
79 73— IS? 
Stove Verrioto 
78 74-15? 
Phil Ferranti 
73 8o-153 
Ja y Friedm an 
75 78-153 
Mike Davis 
78 75-153 
Bill M ajure 
79 75-154 
Howard Twitty 
79 75— 154 
Jim Farrier 
76 78—154 
Boh Strobic 
81 74— 155 
Vice Bizik 
76 79-155 
Gene Counter 
74 81 -155 
Rusty Guernsey 
79 77— 156 
Je r ry Bar ber 
78 79-157 
Terry Dear 
8o 77-157 
Stan Altgett 
81 77-158 
Oon Iverson 
83 77-16o 

TRANSACTIONS 

P P O FO O T B A LL 

O T T A W A 
P O U G H 
R ID E R S 

(C E L ): 
Signed linebacker Svlves ter Soler 

C O L L E G E F O O T B A LL 

LO NG B EA C H ST A T E 
Named 
Willie Show an assistant cooch 

W Y O M IN G 
Named Frank Folks an assistant coach 

B A S E B A L L 

D E T R O IT 
T IG E R S 

 pitcher Vern Ruble 
S ig n e d 

BASKETBALL 
SKIING 

Bruce Lietzke 
Bob Gilder 
Bob Conn 
Hole Irwin 
Hubert Green 
Dave Stockton 
Tom Wetskopt 
Lon Hinkle 
Miller Barber 
Mike Hilt 
Mac McLendon 
G ory McCord 
Babe Hisfcev 
Chi Chi Rodriguez 
Rod Funseth lay Haas 
Paul P u rg e r 
Bill Garrett 
Fred Marti 
Tom Kite 
Allen Miller 
Mark Pfeit 
Orville Moody 
George Knudson 
Cesar Sanudo 
Frank Beord 
Jim Colbert 
George Johnson 
Johnny Miller 
Canny W adkins 
Mark Hayes 
Andv North 
George Archer 
Dove Newamst 
Bill Caltee 
Oil Morgan 
Bruce Crompton 
Keith Fergus 
Bud Altin 
Peter Oosterhuis 
Tommy Horton 
Andv Bean 
Tom Watson 
Ed Dougherty 
Homero Bioncos 
Morris Hotalskv 
Oon booley 
Jim D en t. 
Joe Porter 
Phil Rodgers 
Bill Johnston 
Pot Fitzsimons 
BUI Motion 
W ally Armstrong 
Tom Evans 
Je rry McGee 
Steve .Taylor 
Jack Fleck 

Failed to Quality 
Rod Curl 
Bobby W aite! 
Tommy Aaron 
Butch Baird 
John Schroeder 
David Glen* 
Bgb Wvnn 
Sam A dam s 
John sthiee 
Ray Arlnno 
Tony Joe nm 
Bin Brask 
Ed Sneed 
Kerm it barley 
Bobby Mitchell 
L arry kegler 
Artic Mc Nick ie 
Dwight Nevi) 
Prjyl Moron 
Roo Cerrudo 
Mike Reid 
G ary Wintz 
BHI Krotzapt 
G ary Grot! 
Tom Purtzer 
Art W all 
C rgig Shadier 
G ary Koch 
Billy Casper 
Jim White 
Gov Brewer 
Ai Brooks 
Roger Parker 
Henry DeLozter 
Roger Moltbie 
F rank Mize 
Grier jones 
Bob Rosburg 
J C. Snead 
Mason Rudolph 
Dale Douglass 
Sam Barlow 
Mike Reasor 
Joe Inman 
Curtis Shford 
Bob Coaibv 
Bill Pelham 
Leonard Thompson 
Ed F ran cese 

67-o7 — 134 
OS 68-136 
67 69-136 
72 66— 138 
7o 68-138 
71 68-139 bf 72-139 
71 68-139 
71 68— 139 
66 73— 139 
69 71 — 14o 
72 68-14o 
72-68—14o 
7o 7o— 14o 
74 67 — 141 
7o 71-141 
69 72-141 
7? 69— 141 
71 VO— I i i 
7o 71 -141 
7o 71 -1 41 
71 7o— 141 
7o 71-14) 
69 72—141 
69 72—141 
69 72— 141 
72-69-14) 
71 71-142 
7171 — 142 
69 73-142 
73 69-142 
7? 7o— 142 
71 71 — 142 
7o-72-14? 
71 71 — 142 
72 7o-142 
74 69 - 143 
75-68— U3 
7? 71-143 
7o 73- 143 
7o 73- 143 
73 7o-1 43 
69 74— 143 
75 6 8 - 1 43 
73 7o-143 
7o 73- 143 
74 69— 143 
74 7o— 144 
74 7o-144 
74 7o-144 
71 73— 144 
75 69— 144 n 72-144 
73 71-144 
74 71 — 145 
69 76-145 
72 73-145 
72 73-145 
74 71-145 
7? 73-145 
74 71 — 145 
2 73- 145 
69 76- 145 
7? 74 -146 
7.1 73— 145 
77 69— 146 
71 75-146 
73 73 - 1 46 
72 74— I 46 
76 7o- 146 
76 7o-1 46 
79 67- 146 
75 71 - 1 46 
76/o— 146 
72-74- 146 
72-/4— I 46 

73 74— 117 
78 69— 14/ 
72 75— 147 
74 73— 147 
74 73— 147 
74 73— 147 
7? 75-147 
75 7?-147 
78 69— 14/ 

71 7 o - 1 4 7 f > 7 6 - 1 4 8 

72 7 6 - 148 
7 i 7 4 - I 48 
75 7.1- 148 
73/5—148 
76 72— 1 48 
76 l l - I 4K 
75 73- 148 
75 73- 148 
73 75— 118 
74 74— 1 48 
74 75— 1 49 
73 76- 119 
71 78-119 
7 J 76— I 49 
75/4-149 
76 73- 1 49 
74 76 - 15o 
7fr 74— I 5o 
76 74-15o 
76 74- 15o 
75 75-15o 
77 73— 15o 
78 72- 15o 
75 75- 15o 
7J 77-15o 
75 75- 15o 
78 73- 15) 
75 76- 151 
77 7 i_ 151 
8o 71-151 
75 76— 151 
75 76— 151 
79 72-151 
76 75-151 lf 74-151 
77 74- 151 
75 77- 157 
77 75-152 

C O L L E G E B A S K E T B A L L 
Frid ay's Results 
T E X A S T EA M S 

SI M ary's 6o, Sam Houston 55 
Texas Southern 99. M ississippi 
Valiev 83 
Phillips 81. Lubbock Christian 59 
O klahom a C h ristian 86. D a llas 
Baptist 85 
South Alabam a 113. Hardin Sun mons 85 
O klahom a Baptist 73. W aylan d 
Baptist 69 
T O U R N E Y S 
Laredo JC 
First Round 
Lee Coil. 92, Gory Job Corps 68 
Alvin 1o5. Schreiner 89 
W h a rto n 77. Autonom a N u evo 
Leon 57 

O T H ER S 

Princeton 77, H arvard 45 
Penn 66, Dartmouth 45 
Wyoming 56 Pacific 54 
Troy St., Ala., 63. Alabama St 61 
Jackson St.. Miss 86. Alcorn St. 
84 
Rust 75, Jacksonville St.. Alo 6o 
Colby 83. Clarkson 79 
G a rd n e r W eb b 1o6. South Ca retina Aiken 8o 
Central Ohio St.. 92. Combe*land. 
Kv. 73 
Adrian 69. W ayne St 
59 
Florida Southern 55. Hartford 53 
Show 92, North Carolina Centra! 
77 
C W Post 67. Uppsala. Sweden 56 
(exhibition) 
Middlebury 75. Coost G u ard 5o 

T E X A S T EA M S 

St M ary s 6o. Sam Houston 55 
Texas Southern 99. M ississippi 
Valiev 83 
Phillips 81. Lubbock Christian 59 

Laredo Tourney 
First Round 
Lee College 92, G ary Job Corps 68 
Alvin 1o5, Schreiner 89 
W h arto n 77. A utom ona N u evo 
Leon 5/ 

O T H ER S 

Princeton 77, H arvard 45 
Penn 66, Dartmouth 45 
Oregon 61, U C LA 6o 
Gonzaga 68, Boise St ol 
Idaho St 87, Idaho 62 
LoSalle 65, Congius 49 

P F R O N T E N , W e s t G e r m a n y 
(A P ) — Leaders in Frid ay's World 
Cup downhill ski race tor women: 
1. A n n e m a rte M o s e r P r o e ll, 
Austria. 1:2o o9 
2. Marie-Theres Nadig. Switzer kind. I 2o.86 
3. Irene Eppler. West Germ any, 
1.21 45. 
4. Brig itte H obe*softer Totsch mg. Austria. 1:21.63. 
5. Bernadette Zurbriggen. Swit zerland. I :?> 91 
6 Nicola Spiess, Austria, 1.72.o7. 
7 
Monika 
Koserer, 
Austria. 
I 22.13. 
8 Elti De ut I, Austria, 1:72.29 v Hannt Wen/el, Liechtenstein, 
I 22.35 
IO 
Martina 
Etlm er, 
Austria. 
I 22 43. 
Also. 14, Cindv Nelson, Lutsen, 
M inn., I 27 92 
19. Abb! F is h e r, 
South Conway, N H , 1.23.83 28. Sue 
P a tte rs o n , Sun V a lie v . Id a h o , 
I 24.61. 31. Ja m ie K u r la n d e r , 
McAfee, N J., I 24.9o. 

RzXCING SUMMARY 

S A N T A A N IT A ; 
F e a tu r e - 
M erry Lady IU ($8 8o), Our F lrst 
Delight, Pocora A mile and 1 8 in 
I SO J s 

P O S T P O N E M E N T S : 
Thoroughbred rocing at Aqueduct in New Yo,-k 
Bowle in M aryland, keystone in Philadelphia. Suffolk in 
Boston and W eatherford Park in 
W est 
V ir g in ia w as p ostp oned 
I I idov because of snow 
No d e c sion has been made on Saturday s schedule 

C A L D E R 
Fe a tu re — C is s ie s 
Song ($6.2o). Sticky Situation, Cop 
♦am Mitch. Six furlongs in 1 11 4 S 

W A SH IN G TO N 
Feature - Pag goty ($78 7o), Auntie Iren e 
Tai 
Dancer Six furlongs in 1:1.3 3 5 

HOCKEY 
YMCA 

YM CA 
Pere.- bf K T F M 44. Hustlers 44 
United Auto 35. Jack Produce 96 
Hemphill McComb:, 43 

High school basketball 

C A M P B E L L C O N F E R E N C E 

Patrick Division 

C o m f o r t , O H -6 6 ( O T ') 

CO M FO RT (68) - B Bourland 24. 
M Bourland 17, Letch 13, Herbs! 8, 
Thomas 6. Pankratz, K router. Fun dm. Waite Foster. Connelly 

L A C K L A N D (66) 
— Harktecood 
26 Apocoda 17 Griffin 14 Wesson 9. 
B e ck , K re g e . R ich ard so n . S a ith . 
Stewart, Jones 
Halftime 
Comfort 22. Lackland 
1.5. 
Regulation 
61 6t 
H iq h b q h ts 
Bo n n ie B o u r lurid scored in flit lost minute of overtime to givt Comfor* the win 

 k i n g sails 

 l a s e c t h i ( I 

PER T H . Australia (A P ) 
— Am erican Catam aran champion Je rry King fin­ ished second in the second heat of National Hobie 16 sailing championship on 
Melville water Friday. But 
King. who won the first heat Thursday, is leading the series with a loss of only three points. 
The only other American competing, Don Altmans of 
Los Angeles, finished fifth. 
Friday's heat was won by- 
Perth skipper Kevin Ager. 

W 
L 
T 
PIS 
Philodelohio 
24 
8 
9 
57 
N Y, 
Islanders 
23 
9 
6 
5? 
Atlanta 
19 
15 
I 
45 
N v. 
Rangers 
16 
IS 
12 
44 
Smvthe Division 
St Louis 
1/ 
19 
5 
39 
Chicago 
14 
JO 
6 
34 
Minnesota 
9 
2! 
9 
27 
Colorado 
IO 
23 
7 l l 
Vancouver ll 
29 
4 lb 
W A L E S C O N F E R E N C E 
N o m * Division 
Montreal 
JO 
5 
6 bb 
PitlsBurgh 
16 
16 
8 
JO 
Los 
Angeles 
13 
18 
IO 
36 
Detroit 
13 
22 
5 
31 
Washington ll 
23 
6 
28 
Adams Division 
Buffalo 
24 ll 
J 
52 
Boston 
14 
I? 
51 
T OI Onto 
19 
16 
6 
44 
Cleveland 
I? 
23 
7 
31 
Frid ay s Games 
Ne w York Islanders 5. Atlanta J 
Cleveland 8 Vancouver 4 
New York Rangers 4, Colorado 4. tip 
Saturday's Games 
A donin ut Ni w Y o lk Island ers 
Los Angeles at Philadelphia 
Washington ai Mont*eat 
( hic ago ut Piftsbui oh 
Vancouver of SI Loins 
Boston ol Minnesota 
Buffalo at Toronto 
Sunday's Gam es 
Los Angeles at New York Rangers 
Boston at C hicago 
Cleveland o' Buffalo 

W O R LD H O C K E Y ASSO CIATIO N 

Eastern Division 
W 
L 
I 
Pts 
Quebec 
24 
15 
I 
49 
Indianapolis 
19 
15 
2 
4o 
Minnesota 
17 
17 
5 
39 
New 
England 
17 
21 
4 
.38 
C incmnati 
18 
17 
2 
38 
B'rminghom l l 
78 
I 
29 
Western Division 
San 
Diego 
24 
13 
2 
SO 
Houston 
?o 
15 
5 
45 
Winnipeg 
2o 
15 
I 
JI t dmonlon 
16 l l 
I 
33 
Calgary 
15 
18 
2 
32 
Phoenix 
14 
12 
2 
.1o 
Lot* game not included 
Friday s Gomes 
Quebec I. New England 3 
Cincinnati 7, Birm ingham I 
Houston t, Minnesota I. tie. 
Calgary at Edmonton 
OT 

DITTMAR LUMBER 
Take M ew 
Ay* «*.* OM I S V W 
F«Bii>i Ami * Rood T* 
A ABCO Sign Tv'* 

OAD 
7 3o IO s WHERE CASH BUYS AT WHOLESALE S£'uX iVJToJl. 

5 o o 
SEGUIN MttCSAT 
THE MONEY SAVER 

—Paneling— 

Good B u y - 

Plus lots of other Good Paneling Buys light end Dark 
^ 
Walnut la. 

Tile Beard 

Several Colors 
7.95 
Ea. 

You Can't Buy Better Quality Roofing 
Than Our Tomko Brood—Period 
Colors some price as white 

STEEP ASPHALT 
24(y 
3o# OR IS # FELT 9o#ROOFING 

Seoldown Roofing 
13.95 
" SQUARE 

Red Mist Green Mist Cedar Wood Blend Brown Mist BEST QUALITY 

6.49 
6.95 
ROU 
ROU 
5.19 

IOO# CIN 
Best Quality 

INSULATION fP > 

P R E M IU M R O C K W O O L 
3 ” R-11 ............ o9 Sq. Ft. 
6 ” R-l 9 ............ IS Sq. Ft. 
O W E N S -C O R N IN G 
FIBERGLASS 
3W * R-l I .......... IO Sq. Ft. 
6 M R - 1 9 ............ 17 Sq. Ft. 

RO UG H PINE 
LUMBER 

GOOD LUMBI# GOOD UMoTH3 

2*6.19'/, LF. 
2*8 .26 
LF. 

1*8 .19 l f. 
I *6 .14 
L F. 

C O M 
U G A T I D 

CLEAR AND GREEN 
8 FT. $ 4 - 3 9 eo. 

1 5 .4 9 eo. 

>59 ea. 

O r Be ^ ^ 9 9 1 
IO FT. 5 5 .' 
12 FT. $ 6 J 

Rough Cedar 
LUMBER 

1 * 6 -- 22 Lin. Ft. 
I * 8 -- 33 Lin. Ft. 
1x1o-- 42 Un. Ft. 
1*12---SS Lin. Ft. 

PRICES GOOD THRU JA N . I 3TH 

DITTMAR LUMBER 
OO S i G U IN RO A D 
7 7 6-3141. 

B o b c a ts , A & I o p e n seasons 

Southwest Texas and 
Texas A&I open their Lone 
Star Conference seasons 
Saturday night on their home courts. 
Southwest Texas (2-lh) will battle Howard Payne 
(9-2) at 7:3o pju in San 
Marcos while! A & I (6-3) tackles Angelo# State (6-4) at Kingsville. 
■ 
In the only other league game scheduled, Tarleton 
(5-5, o-1) meets Stephen F. 
Austin (3-8) in the Lum ­ berjack opener at Nacog­ doches. 
» 
In a non-cOconference game Saturday night East 
Texas State f6-4) battles 
E ast Texas tBap tist in 
Commerce. 

Son Antonio EXPRESS-N EW S— Soturdoy January 8 1977 
H 

K ra m e r in action 

FO R R EST G REGO 
. . . North coach 

M O BILE. Ala. (A P ) — Sixty-three col­ lege football seniors, including six All- 
Americans, suit up for their first play-for* pay game Saturday in the 28th annual 
Senior Bow l 
Because the players are paid $l,o(Ml-plus for their efforts, the contest is not sanc­ tioned by the National Collegiate Athletic 
Association—but is. in a way, by the pros. 
Already more than 2oo observers from professional football teams, including 15 head coaches, have been talent-hunting raiibirds at the intermittent Iv wet. cold 
Senior Bowl drills. 
Getting up-close looks were N FL Coach of 
Hie Year Forrest Gregg of the Cleveland 
Browns and Don Shuls of the Miami Dol­ phins. Gregg is at the helm of the North team, Simla the South 
The South has the edge in All-Americans. 
Along with Rice quarterback Tommy 

Kramer, the South All-Americans are of­ fensive linem en T .J 
H um phries of 
Arkansas State and Mike W ilson of Geor­ gia. defensive lineman Eddie Edwards of 
Miami, Fla., and linebacker Robert Jack ­ son of Texas A&M. 
And while the South has an instant aerial game ii. the person of Kramer, who com­ pleted more than half of his ahi passes this season, Simla also says he has been im­ pressed with his runners—Terry Rnbiskie of LSI . Calvin Culliver of Alabama and 
Tun Wilson of Maryland 

There’ll be no campus rah rah after the game, but there will in' substantial pocket money 
Winners get paid $1,5oo, losers 
$1,25o. The most valuable player drives away in a free automobile, and the two top plovers on ('ach team pad their bankroll with an extra $2,5oo award. 

FM Converter 

Connect* to your 
AM radio. Fit, any cor. 

Dolby Cassette 

P W M . Output CGI 
I, ro o* (G unter 
159” 

SO »• I t H i iM p tD N . output control*, largo VU motor*, top* counter. 

Mi-5o db 
DYK » 
OKAL 

Auto Change 

Complete with b an, dust cover, cartridge 

DYK 
DIAL 

U t 

1oVi in. • # 
/ 

Reel* to 
Reel 

Dokorder 112o 

Technics by Panasonic 
Dolby Cassette 

All the functions and specs of a $3oo deck at a super 
Dyer Deal price. And the manx specs of the R S 625US are guaranteed. Features include peak-reading meters, input and output level controls, memory rewind, and many more. 

DYER 
DIAL*549” 

NEVER 
£ 
BEFORE 9 
AT... 199 
7 7 

Ic 
I 

- a 

 i 
. .. L...„ v * * J 
W 
’ 
.. 
..- - 
- ... --------- - 
TUS9oo AM/FM Tuner 

All the technology of the more expensive tuners is yours in the TU 59oo. The handsome black sty* mg adds tho look of elegance to any system 
Twin tuning meters, MPX noise canceller, and maximum sensitivity make the 59oo a fantastic performer 

S f u is u L 

SEPARATES 
45 w att par chnl. 
In tagratad Amp. 
*199” 
M atching 
Starao Tuner 
$ 

Q) 
4 4 i 
9 G 

J O 
. 
. 
. 
W i t 
! 
. 

17977 

AU-59oo Integrated Amp 

Improved specs for less money is tile goal of the 
AU 59oo Output of 45 watts per channel into 8 ohms, from 2o to 2o,ooo H/. with less than 
o 1% total harmonic distortion Triple tone con­ trols. complete tape capability are only some of the many useable features 

Dyer Electronics is proud to be 

San Antonio's exclusive dealer for the Advanced Development Division of 
Acoustic Research 

The most famous name in speakers now has a completely new line of fine systems. All are ready for your ears, and only at Dyer in San Antonio A full selection of bookshelf or floor speakers: two or three way designs, all offering tho excellent AR sound. Come by either Dyer location and hear what you've been missing. 

Prices start at *89 
Trade-in your old AR's at Dyer! 

{ d y e r electronics warehouse 

OPEN SATURDAY 
6 7 3 4 S a n P e d r o 
8 2 8 -2 2 3 1 
OPEN SUNDAY 
4311 Fredericksburg Rd. 
735-9276 

H 
San Antonio EXPRESS-N EW S— Saturday January 8 1977 

Harlandale halts skid 

MarshalI, 91-84 

M ARSH ALL. (94) — Billy Ash VS. 
Trank Rodriguez 19, Deron M cNeils 
18, RUSS H a rris IO, DeCotls 4. S. 
M cN eils 3, Conyers 2, Bro b erg 2. 
B e lla n g e r, V o id e r, H olt, H a tc h , 
Salazar 
D E L RIO (84) - Frank Reyes 27, 
Mike Salinas 19, Irve n Jo rd an l l , 
W alls 9. Plyer 9, Abernathy 5, jack son J, Contreras, Pitts. 
Halftime 
Marshall 5'. Del Rio 34 
Highlights 
M arshall lumped off to a JO I I lead at the end at first period and hiked its advantage to RO SA at end of three quarters It was district opener for both team 

So. San West, 65-57 
Judson, 8o-57 

Dint rift 31-AAA A 

The long drouth is over for Harlandale, there is joy in 
Indianian^. 
The Indians ended a 54-game losing streak Friday night with a 4o-42 victory on their own court over South San 
Antonio in the teams’ District 29-AAAA opener. 
Leading the way for Harlandale were Roland De La 
W heatley, 67-42 
Garza with 17 points and David Pena with 12 as the Indians took the lead in the waning minutes and held on. 
Harlandale had lost its last start in 1974-75, all 33 games last season and the first 2o this winter. 
In two big boys’ games that marked other loop openers, 
Kennedy won a o2-58 count over Jay in District 3o-AAA A, while in 32-AAAA, Leo outscored MacArthur by IO in the final stanza for a 78-68 verdict. 
Boy 
District 29-AAAA 
Martin , 72-44 

L A R E D O M A R T IN (7J> - M ono 
Urbtao 24. Alex Martinet It. Pena 
8, Stemaker 6. Contreras 4. In mar ripa 4. p e LaC ru z 
4, 
G arza 
3. 
Cuevo rn 2. 
EA ST C E N T R A L (44) - 
Gerald 
Anderson 
12, 
Russell 
Fisher 
IO. 
Center 6. C h r is tly 6. 
Klqnn 
5. 
Mal n j S 
Halftime: Laredo Martin 32. fa s t 
Central 2o 
HtShllghts: 
An aggressive La redo M artin press forced 
Cost 
Central into 4? turnovers 

24, 
R o b e rt 
A lc o rto 
23, 
M u rk 
Sa u n d e rs 14, Cloud 8. B ro w n I, 
McKinley. Ochoa 
H O LM ES (67) — Donny Simmons 
25, Bobby Krotz 2o, Pere/ 7, Brown 6. 
B ry a n t 5, Felton 2, M cG o w a n 2. 
Oliver 
Halttime, Holmes 41. M em orial 2B 

Regulation 
Memorial 65, Holmes 
AS, 
Highlights: 
Holmes, which held a 
54-43 lead atter three aborters, held a 
65 5/ advantage with 3 47 left in th© game M em orial, how ever, scored the lost eight points In regulation play. with Alrorta s tree throw with 
I OO to go knotting things, to tie the game and send the 3(3 AA A A opener into overtime Sounder field goal put the Minutemen ahead for the first time and for good at 69 67 with I 31 to go in the overtime 
H arlandale , 46-42 
K ennedy , 62-58 
H A R LA N D A LE (46) — 
Roland 
De La Oar rn 17, David Pena I?. 
Morin S. P arra 4. Arlspe 4, Moran 
2, Villegas 2, Charon, W Marline/ 
SOUTH SAN ANTONIO (42) - 
Mike Flores 29, /amora 4, Suldino 
4, Alonio 3, Davila I, Sanders I, 
Brock, Serno. 
Holttime: 
Horlondale 2'. South 
Son 19 
Highlights 
There were eight ties and two lead changes os Indians break 54 game losing streak over three seasons. 
McCollum , 6o-47 

M CCO LLUM (6o) - 
Dannv Co* t6, Phil Wevnand 13, Alan Martin to. Scott 9, U rdloles 6, Boggess 2. 
Hoi! 2. Coven 2. 
LA R ED O N IXO N (47) — 
Bruce 
Batev 14, Tony Colungo 12, Hardy 
9. Arechiea 6. Idrogo 4, Escam illa 2, 
De La Garza. Pa rra 
Halftime 
McCollum 33. Nixon 24 

The game was the district opener tor both teams. 
District 3o AAA I 
M emorial, 7o-67 

M EM O R IA L (7o) - L a rry C arry 

K E N N E D Y (62) - 
Rirk Leggett 
25, Darryl Bethtev 16. Dale Rader son ll. Young 5, Tristan 4, Watlev 
I 
JO H N JA Y (58) - ‘ Rotten W ay 
3d, january 8, Stubblefield 8, GUI 6. 
Loring 4 
Avera 2, M ercer, Trln 
(dad 
Halftime 
Kennedy 36. Jo y JO 
Highlights: 
Leggett hit 11 pmnts in the opening quarter ond wos lOot 14 from the field for the night 
The Pockets led oil the way in winning their 16 against eight losses and the district opener Ja y Is 1o9 and OI. 
Eagle Pass, 55-48 

E A G L E PA SS ( i i ) - 
Robert 
Garza 
19, Manuel 
Rodrigue/ 
12. 
Puente 6, Perez 5, Flores 5, Mat- donodo 3, Tamarlllo 2, Galindo 2. 
Oltphant I. 
E D G E W O O D 
(48) 
— 
B ru c e 
G odley ll. 
W ayn e 
Jo sep h 
14, 
George Moonev 13. Mitchell 4, M 
Williams 4 Alvarado I t a n s I. B 
Williams Tovar. Brothers. 
M o lftim e 
L o g ie 
P a s s 
25, lOuewnod 23 
The game wos o district opener for both teems Fogie Pass ii now 
IO 8 on the season, while Edgewood is 6 I 

W H E A T L E Y (67) — 
Aroid Neol 
23, Herbert Jackson IS, Gallegos 9. 
Haywood 8. Edw ards 4, Owens 3, 
Wilkinson 2, Notion 2, M ovberry f. 
Shuler, Lee, M cDavld 
ED ISO N (42) — 
Alex Calderon 
13. Monlemovor 9, W allace 9. Ortiz 
4, 
DoigodiMo 
?,- I 
M artinez 
2, 
DeLeon 2, Pavegilo I, Tome/. 
Halftime: 
Wheatley 34, Edison 
2o 
Burbank , 57-48 

B U R B A N K (57) — Gilbert Satin * os 21. Ernest Puente ll, Gomboo 8, 
Lambert 8, Poole 5. Martinez 4, D 
Salinas 
JE F F E R S O N 
(48) 
- 
Wendell 
Herm 21, Jim Ivy ll, T Anderson 5. 
Calderon 4, Hemphill 3, Mendez 2. 
Ford 2. Barnes. Rivera 
Halftime: 
Burbank 27. Jefferson 
19 
Highlights: 
Jeff got within three, 
3.3-3o, In the thud quarter Burbank 
(2131) held o seven ta Iftpolnt mar gin throughout 
Jeff wos togged with three technical fouls for un­ sportsmanlike conduct In the fourth quarter. Burbank ts the first school to score 2o victories this season 
District 32-AAAA 
Chargers, 61-58 (OT) 

C H U R C H IL L 
(6 1) 
- 
C ra ig 
Chambers 26, Tom Hegenmler 16. 
Stevenson 9, Dobbs 4, Ramos J, 
Evans 2, Bowlin I, Fritz, GHboux 
ALAM O HGTS. 
(58) 
- 
Pete 
Sherwood 7o, L arry Jackson 16, Pat 
Reagan ll , Rappel 4. Bmusseou 4, 
Hardee 2, O'Connell I. Krause 
Halftime: 
Alamo Hgts. 24, Chur­ chill 23. • 
Regulation ploy: 
Tied 52 52 with six seconds left to out the game Into overtime, only to see Churchill s 
Ruben Romos net two free throws with It ticks left In OT to assure the 
Chargers the win in the 32 AAA A opener far both teams. The Mules are now 
1(38 on the year and 
Churchill Is 14-1o. 

SO UTU SAN W E S T U S ) - Mike 
Reinhart 16, William Knowles 15. 
Rocky Wonn ll, Rusty Rivet IO, 
Liltleiohn 
7. Carroll 4, Sutton 2, 
Rich. LoFosse. Jam es. 
SO U TH W EST 
(57) — 
Charles 
Johnson ll, Rick Dersteytt 9, Muse 
7. Christian 7, Martinez 6, Jenkins 
4 
Friesenhohn 
4, 
Voeianr./yk 
4, 
Martin 3, Cobb 2, Mr Aly© 
Halftime. 
South Son West 44, 
Southwest 2' 
District 27-A A 
Boerne, 73-59 

B O E R N E (73) — 
W ade Bass 37. 
Jeff Schwarz 14.' Fellows 6. Wiley 
6, 
Dixon 
6. Cole 4 
Clouse. 
2. 
Robinson 2, 
Adorn 
I, Champion, 
Herbst, Erben 
B A N D ER A (59) — B a rry M u r r e ll 
22, John H o u s e r 2o, Eden 9, Je n ­ nings 5. Hicks 3. Persvn, Kling. 
Halftime: Boerne 38. Bondero 31. 

D. Springs, 43-42 

O E IP P IN G S P R IN G S 
(43) 
* 
Kerry Prescott IS, Godwin 8. Byers 
7. Reid 7, Hobbs 4, Falcon 2. Burke. 

SM ITH SO N 
V A L L E Y 
(42) 
- 
John 
Witte 
7o. 
Jim 
B a rk e r 
12, 
Chapel 4. Garrison 7, Thompson 2, 
Stavinoba 2. 
Halttime: 
Dripping Springs 19, 
Smithson Volley 14 
H ig h lig h ts: 
P re s c o tt hit a 
/(Mooter with two seconds left to give Tigers the win 
They are now 
I I In district ond 6-1o overall 
SV 
o 2 In loop play 
Dripping Springs won J V game. 44-33 
District 29-A 

Lackland, 6 1-49 

LA C K LA N D (61) 
- Carl Griffin t9. jim Riley 16. Ricardo Allen 12, 
Mark Melville IO, Sands 2. Gifford 7. 
Gouord 
CO M FO RT (49) 
- Paul Wheeler ll. Dan Fuentes 17, Hunt 8. Sour 5, 
Petty 5, Sundin 4, Wleder 2, Reyno 
Halftime 
Lockland 31, Comfort 
23 lork land hikes Its district mark ta 
4 o and overall w orksheet to 16-5. 
Comfort is 2 2 in district. 
District 28- A A 

JU D SO N (8o) - Stocy Bowers 32, 
Joe Bloke t8, D avid Nurse 17, T. 
Bowers 8, Taylor 6, Rodgers 4, Hick ey. Elkins. McFodden. Blevins. 
ANTO NIAN (57) - Pout Petri 14. 
Steve Trevino 13, Bill M ontem oyor 
13, Rodriguez 6, O'Shea 7, Rendon 4, 
K issling, Vasauez 
H alftim e Judson 38, Antonian 35. 
Highlights: Antonlon led at end of first aborter 21 18, but Judson rallied lo lake the halftime advantage ond increased tho! margin lo 59 44 at the end of three quarters 

Cards. 89-48 
S O U T H S ID E 
(8 9 ): 
K en n eth 
Moore 18, Loots Barolos 16, 
Joe 
Uriegas 16. Roy Mores 14. William s 
9, Castillo 9, Pierson 5, Garcia 2. 
K E Y S T O N E (48): 
Jim Entgen bergor 
27, 
R an d y 
Trah on 
17, 
Snyder 6, Genedera 3, G. Enlgen berger, 
Flores, Ayolo, 
LaPuerto, 
Woish. 
Holttime 
Southside 56. Keystone 
IS. 
Highlights: 
Southside is now 13-7. 
Keystone is 7 9. 

St. Anthony, 85-58 

ST. A N TH O N Y (85) — 
Eonnle 
Roberts IS, Greg Hartmann 16, D. 
Ellis 8) Cedric Hudson 
16, Mike 
Ellis 13, Ellas Peyes IO, Gonzales 6, 
Grot I 
TMI 
(58) 
— 
Sam 
Baxter 
15. 
Foley 2, Kart Doge! 15. Jeff Brown 
12, Hickmon I, Stewart 2. Wood 5. 
Thornton 3. Gaffney 7. Oidfather 1. 
Hotftima: St. Anthony 47, TMI JI. 
Girls 
District 29-AAAA 

H arlandale, 49-38 

H A R L A N D A L E (49) — 
Pauline 
Gonzalez 27, Yolondo Hernandez 12, 
Arrhiega 4. Farias 4. Borrego 2. 
Garzo, M artinez, Pedrozo, Cold well. G orria, Gutierrez. 
SO U TH 
SA N 
(38) 
— 
S y lvia 
Villarreal 19, Nancy V illarreal IO. 
Serna 5, Puente 4. Yborra. Brock, 
Costilla 
Halftime: 
Harlandale 22. South 
Son 17 
Harlandale is now 13 In 29 A A A A ploy ond 5 14 overall, while South 
Son Is 1-4 and I 15. 

Randolph, 67-57 
Hixon, 34-25 

Lee, 78-68 

L E E (78) - 
Chuck Stanley 72. 
Jeff Brown 17, Bill Bond 13. Jo y 
Gremmer 
IO, Jim m y Stewart 
IO. 
Dixon 4, Monaco 
I. Hassman 
I, 
Saldana. Hatton, Jensen 
M A C A R T H U R 
(68) 
- 
Keith 
Edm udson 
32. 
Ron 
Rocher l l . 
Jefferson 9. Meindertsmo 4, Levy 4, 
Holub 4, Smith 2 
Halftime 
M acArthur 33. Lee 31 
Highlight* 
Lee led by lust two. 
5? 5o atter three quarters, bot pulled owav in the final stanza 
‘SALE’ 
GENUINE 
SLATE 
POOL 
TABLE 
*449.88 
INCLUDES ACCESSORIES 
I FREE DELIVERY 

• Vt inch SLAK 
• 65o UIS. 
• OKUM CUSHIONS 

( g J o S B A L L 

AIR HOCKEY 
S ' 
- 
* 1 9 . S S 
6 ' 
- 
* 1 1 9 . 8 * 
7 ' 
- 
* 1 7 9 .• • 

TERMS AVAILABLE 

TRAMPOLINES 4 ^ 
.Complete selection ho 

St?8urn. 78-56 

A 

V 
P 
V 
P O O L ft B IL L IA R D 
-T E A 
S U P P L Y 
8o1 5 W E B B L E S 653-1 56 6 
I Meek West el 135 st Wallet* 14. 
W ilZ IM 
OPEN DAILY 
--------- 
MoB.-Fri, 1o:3o-6:3o 
Set 1o:3o-5:oo 
• 
WINDSOR FM R 
MAU 

S E G U IN (78) 
♦ H erb Coe 19. 
L a w re n c e Sam pietnn 13, Roland 
Rongcl 17. Kike Coeliac IO. Adorns 7. 
King 4, Dixon 4, Procknaw 4, Walker 
3. Bloke 2 
SAM M ARCO S (S6) - Jodie Smith 
17, Mike Witte 16. Pete Johnson 15, 
Young 3. Qilcrease 3, Gooney 2 
Halftime: 
Seguin 38. Son Marcos 
24 
Roosevelt, 72-51 

R O O S EV E L T ’42) 
- Xark Tomb kins 24. David M iller 15. Kelly Riddle 
12, David Treal IO, M Lee 6, C. Lee 2. 
Stan field 2. Rouse I. Lip sco m b . 
Davis. Ldmund 
C L E M E N S (S I) 
- Rodney Brod lev ti. Anderson 8. Driscoll 7. Ref* mono 6. Crouch 6, Weds 4, Draper 4. 
Bice 3, Godfrey 7 
Holttime 
Roosevelt 39. Clemens 
IR it was the district opener tor both teoms 

13-A AA FI 'est Zone 
T h y, 72-42 

K E R R V IL L E T IV Y (72) - G ary 
Grief IBI Malcolm M arch 14, Mike 
Pierce ll. Robert Hobble ll, Gw vo 
8, Porker 7. Overby 2. Hildebrand 
2, Williams 2. Garrett 2. Aguirre 
C A R R IZ O 
S P R IN G S 
(42) 
- 
Carlos Costilla 17. Payne 9. Marines 
6, Sotonsky 5. Uribe 3. Rhelnlonder 
2, Cowsar 
Holttime 
TIw 34. Carrizo IS. 
Highlights 
Antlers now 3o in zone play and 15-6 tor the year 
Carrizo o I and 4 12 overall 

R A N D O LPH 
(67) _ 
Lee Lo reznzen 2o. 
Theron Chandler 
16, 
Micky DeFetlce 16, Harper 9, Bin- ford 4, Carter 2. 
C O LE (57) — 
Steve Hogen 15. 
Joel Dendron IS, Mike Hogen 12, 
Ooug 
Kiel ll. 
Tucker 
4, 
X ork 
Hagen 
Halftime: 
Randolph 28. Cole 21 
Highlights 
Ro Hawks showed good team w ork; Chandler 
IO as sists. DeFeliec got oil his points in second holt. V ic to ry keeps Ro 
Hawks on top of race 
" 
Somerset, 78-5o 

S O M E R S E T 
(78 ) 
— 
Jo sh 
Coleman 16. Kirby Cline 15, Bubba 
Kiemcke 12, J'm Taylor ll, Joe De 
Lo Rosa IO, De Hoyos 7, Wright I, 
Shipman J, Guzman, Leyva. Mil chell 
P O T E E T (5o) - U H arris 17, T 
Iordan ll, • G arcia 9 
Ramos 6, 
Guzman 
4. 
Sanchez 
2, 
Xeuo 
7. 
Briones 7 
Halftime 
Somerset 32. Poteet 19 

Highlights: 
Bulldogs 2 I in chs trtct, 14-7 overoll 
Pearsall, 68-18 

P E A R S A L L 
(68 ) 
— 
L a r r y 
Lawler 2o. Dickie Grot 
12. Lr ic 
Taylor 
13. 
Leslie 
Stoddard 
IO. 
Robledo 6. E Grot 3. Flower 2. Oar ta 2 
M ED IN A V A L L E Y (48) — 
Mike 
Heroics 16. Holzhous 9, Toodre 8. 
Yonity 6, Tsrhirhort 3, Gonzales 2. 
Hons 2, Leal 2 
Halftime 
27 27 
Highlights 
Taylor tallied thor straight buckets In third quarter to break gome OO en Pearsall now 2 o in district and Medina Valley (J J 
Hon-District 
St. Gerard's, 68-65 

ST. G E R A R D S (68) 
— 
Mark 
Bird 22. fcddie Hodges 21, Brian 
Boehm 17. Puente 8, W illiam s 5, 
Terrell. 
M EA LY M U R P H Y (65) — 
Jam es 
Cook 
19. tssoc Caln 14, Waymon 
E z e ll 
12. 
M ic h a e l 
C a th e y 
IO. 
Thom as 8. 
Irv in g 
2. 
Chestnut. 
Bennett 
Molftime 
St Gerard s 35. He<y 
Iv Murphy 32 
Mark Bird tossed In IO fourth auorter points to help the Royals' winning effort St G erard s trailed, 
5o 49, at the end OI three quarters but 
Bird 's Play and a pair of technical fools against the Troians mode up tor the deficit 

LA R E D O N IX O N (34) — 
M arie 
Gutierroz 
12. G arcia 9, 
Solis 8, 
Fanrllee 5. Virgin, Perez. Aleman, 
Min net. 
M CCO LLUM (2$) — 
Karen Min son 
IJ, 
D ow leorn 
8, 
Loupe 
2. 
Guevara 2. Allen, Wynn, Phenix, 
Herrera, Vasauez. 
Halftime. Nixon IS, McCollum ll. 

TI kent ley, 47-46 

WHEATLEY (47) 
- Tina Meeks 
19. Janie Gonzales 17, Sally Thomas 
II C Neat, Burton. C Neol 
ED ISO N (46) 
— LISO Levingston 
31, Zirkel 6, XcLeon 5. Law rence 4, 
Rodgers, Wiedmg, Santiago. Bood, 
Rose. 
Halftime 
Edison 18. Wheatley 16. 
Highlights: With 12 seconds left, . own rebound She was tooled on the ploy Then she hit on one of the two shots to put Edison ahead. 46-45 But. with eight seconds left. Thomos hit both ends of o one and one to give 
Wheatley the victory. 

Martin 75-33 

L A R E D O M A R T IN (7S) - Susan 
Everett 41, Gloria Bem ol 22, A. 
Lopez 8. L- Lopez 4. Castillo, York. 
Pena 
EA ST C E N T R A L (33) — Corol 
Burger 18, Deschele W illiam s 14, 
Lutz I. Losoed. Owens, Brit/. 
Holttime: Laredo M artin 4o. to s t 
Xcntrgl ll. 

Holmes, 47-39 

H O LM ES (47) 
- Regina Arrlng ton 7o. Terry Thavn IS. Tracy Jensen 
12, Cisneros, Garret. Scott, Echols. 
M E M O R IA L (39 ) 
~ Jo h n n ie 
Rom ero 26. L yd ia Delgado IO. V 
Mooney 9, T Mooney. Ross. Weolh 
Ington, Anderson. Walton. 
Molftime 
Holmes J I. Mem orial 13. 

Highlights. 
Holmes lumped att to on 18-4 lead of the end of the first quarter en route to its fourth district win in five outings ond 16th victory in 
21 gomes. Memorial dropped lo 2 3 in district and 11-6 overall 

M arshall, 6o-37 

M A R S H A L L (6o) 
- Karen Maz- zlotta 23, Sue Dodge 21, Hutchings 9, 
E llio t 3, P e te rs o n 2, A lm l 2. In gomells. Phillips, M cGuire, Murphy, 
Davenport. Alcocer, Sweeney. Per- son. 
D E L RIO (37) -r- Jo Ann Garza 16, 
K a th y B u rlin g a m e 12, G a rc ia 7, 
H u n ter 2, R a y , S to v e r, Stro u d , 
Sentry, Valdez, Barrera, Kemp, So­ to, Parker. 
Halftime- Marshall 33, Del Rio 16 
Highlights: 
M arshall now 3-2 in district ond 18 5 overall, while Del 
Rio is 3 2 also in district and IO 5 overall. 
District 31-A AAA 

Burbank, 56-41 
B U R B A N K (56): Debbie Olivares 
75, Velma Lopez 16, Lefty Loredo 
13, Campos 2, Gu/mon. Gamboa, 
Gomez, Elizondo, Lozano. 
JE F F E R S O N (41): 
Gwen Wilson 
22, Rhonda Hubbard 
14, Vllln 3, 
Gorcio 2, Silva, Soloed, Vertuche, 
Johnsnon. 
Halftime- Burbank, 35, Jefferson 
19 
Highlights: 
Burbank had com mand all the way. Jefferson outs­ cored Bulldogs, 13 6, In final period, lust to a it it down to final margin. 
Burbank 
Is now 
17 4 and 4 1 
In district ploy Jefferson drops to 8 8 ond 2 2 in leogue action. 
District 32-AAAA 

Lee, 46-41 

L E E (46) — Colleen Vordenbaum 
21, Denise Holl 16, Stuttenburg 7. 
Schruriger, Bendele, Kret, Davllo, 
McLaughlin. . Kuykendall. Bressel 
M A C A R T H U R 
(41) 
— 
L a n a 
H ow ard 
15, 
C orcle 
Brooks l l , 
Hovorka 9, Kaufm an 6, Chavez. 
K though. Chrlstmen, Fink, Tremb- ley, Jensen. 
Halftime: 
M acArthur 3o. Lee 24, 

Roosevelt, 42-1o 

R O O S E V E L T (42 ) 
- V ic k ie 
Finch 26. Low ry 9, Wells 5, Rios 2, 
Goss. Dyer, Bull, Cochran 
C H U R C H IL L (4o) - Leslie Moson 
2o, Brenda Burgess 1o. Schultz 6, 
Meyer 4. Rodgers, Oerters, Boerner, 
Wlghaman. 
Halftime: 
Roosevelt 22, Churchill 
16 
H ighlights: 
R oosevelt took the lead for good w ith fiv e m in u tes remaining in the contest 

Rattlers, 58-53 

San 
M a rc o s d e feated 
A lam o 
Heights. 58 53. in the other district gome on Frid ay's schedule. 
District 3o-AAAA 

Jay , 73-3o 

JO H N JA Y (73) - 
Lau ra WH liges 76, Eleanor Bhotto 15, Linda 
Biediger IO, Aguilar 8. Douglas 7, 
Carrington 
5, 
Mendoza 
2. 
Rice. 
Pointer, Skinner. Brock. Birm ingh ani, Rivas, Thomos 
K E N N E D Y (3o) — 
Brenda Ed wards 2o. Solozor 8, De Hovos 2, 
Williams, B arrera, N 
Valdez, V 
Valdez, Sanchez, Kempel, Gamble. 
Halftime: 
Jo y 45, Kennedy IB 
Highlights: 
Wihlges scored 
15 points os the Mustangs omtscored 
Kennedy 3o-8 in the second auorter 
Jo y is now 18 I and ond VO in 
JO AAAA, Kennedy is 4 15 and 1-5. 

Edgewood, 47-37 

E D G EW O O D (47): 
Sylvia Smith 
23. B Brew 8. Robinson 8. Finely 6, 
Ramirez 2. Joiner. C. Brew , More 
E A G L E P A S S (37): 
Tim Nowlin 
IS. 
Rom ano Vasau ez l l , 
Rosa 
Vihatbos 
I), 
Corrillo. 
Holekakis, 
Moncado 
Halftime: 
Edgewood 
17. 
Eagle 
Pass 15. 
Highlights: 
Edgewood outscored 
Eagles, 18 7, in third period to open up the game. Edgewood is 117 on the year ond 2 3 in district play 
Eagle Pass is <34 and I I I . 
District 28-A A 

Poteet, 59-19 
P O T E E T (59) — 
Ruth Hoffman 
37, Vickl Simmons 12, Wolker 
4, 
Schumacher 4. Lindouist 2. L 
W a c r. Rom os. W ilk in so n , 
H o rn s . 

K EN N ET H JE N K IN S of Southw est (4 5 ) watches rebound action during Friday night’s 
Southwest-South San W est game. The game was won 65-57 by South San W est. — Photo by Steve Campbell 
Knights o f Columbus 

M arti net, Garcia. Igleclos 
S O M E R S E T 
(49) 
- 
Theresa 
Willett 3o, Susan Ernst ll, Boubel 8, 
Ballard, Spear, Fisk. Young 
Halftime: 
Poteet 29. Somerset 18 
Highlights 
Beth teoms 
13 in district, overall Poteet is 9 8 and 
Somerset J 13. 
District 3o-A 
H atalia, 61-5o 

N A T A LIA (61) — 
Hayw ard 18. 
Hartley 12. Hernandez IO. Dossev 9, 
C. Dunn 4, D. Dunn 4. Rangel 4 
JO U R D A N T O N (SO) - 
Forrest 
14, 
G o n / g ie s 
IO, 
D o rn o c 
9. 
Shoemoke S. Segura 5, M yers J. 
Wild I. 
Halftime: 
Natotio J4, Jourdanton 

Highlights: 
Natalia 4 I in district. 
Jourdanton 2-3. 
District 31-A 
Poth, 71-37 

POTH (71) — Cathy W adowczvk 
. 4o, Donna Soavatnoha 26. Jarzom bek 5, Eopka, Lobos, Setulo. Prus- ki, Schneider, Geiselhort. 
S K ID M O R E - T Y N A N 
(37) 
— 
Theresa King 23) Corol Petros 8. 
Roth 4, Wolek 7, Segorret, Amador, 
Polasek, Helm. 
Halftim e: 
Poth 4o. Skidm ore 
Tynan 27. 
Highlights: 
Poth how 
I o in district gnd 15-6 for the year 

Muenster, 41-31 
C 
R a m o s B L E S S E O 
SA C R A M E N T (31): 
Eilee n Et) moods 16. 6. Goerlz 6. G arcia t. 
Arcintega 2. Falcon, Maldonado, A 
Garcia. Sanchez. M Romos. 
M U E N S T E R 
S A C R E D 
H E A R T 
(41): 
Sheila Quails J I, Chorleen 
Puget 12, M 
Pagei 8, Menschen*. 
Swircevc/hi.Voth, Hoedebek. 
Halftime: Sacred Heart 19. BSA 
17. 
Highlights: 
Blessed Sacram ent will play Dallas Bishop Dunne at I a m 
Saturday In the convoiattnan sem ifinals at the 
U n iversity of 
Dallas. BSA is now 7 IO. 

Laie Thursday 
K E R R V I L L E 
T IV V (6 8 ) •* 
Becky Brown IO, Cindy Bolton 25. 
Siqoio J. N Shields 7, Beth Reiner 
24, Kibbett 2. 
SO U T H SA N W E S T I M ) — M 
S te p h a n ie M c G o w o n l l , M ore 
Dimas ll, G arcia I. 
Halftime 
Tivv 35, So. San West 
IO 
Saturday's Games 

BO YS 
Non District 
Southside of St Anthony, 8 p m 

G IR L S 
No games scheduled 

Litton microwave 

M O D IE 1o2 R a g. $ 2 9 9 . 9 5 

M O D EL L-2 

B R O W N E R 
R ag. 
1 9 . 9 5 

$ 3 1 9 . 9 o 

S A 
V E 
IN J A N U A R Y O N E Y 
6o.oo 

Now only 
$259.9o 

 o n ly * 2 5 9 9o with AUTOMATIC s 
DEFROST 

S a ve,! *6o°° 

Look of those advanced Litton features. 

• Compact exterior, with easy-ciean acrylic interior. 

 e Automatic Defrost. 

• 2o-minwto timor. 
• 16o-pg. "Exciting W orld of M icrow ave 
C ooking" cookbook. 

TK* M o d a l IO X m icro w ave o ve n is la rg o e nough lo handle m ost e v e ry d a y co okin g needs, yet com pact enough to tit into o corner of your counterspace. 
A nd with Autom atic Defrost, you can e v e n m ak e la st-minute decisions — then co ak entire m e als right from the freezer. C o m e in tor an e n e rg y - s a v in g m icrow ave co o kin g d e m o n stratio n tod ay. 

BROWNER BONUS 

I f s yours with tho purchase of a 
U fton M o d e l I O ! m ic ro w a v e oven. a Special grtU se ars end b ra w n s steaks. 
• Crisps hash braw ns. 
• P repares pancakes, chops an d 

• You ge t the benefits e l a fry pen or griddle — plus convenience et m u ro w a v e cooking. 
FIVE YEAR M A O N E T R O N W A R R A N T Y 
________________ 

Full o n * ye ar w a rra n ty on all parts, includ ing the m a gn e tro n ond la b o r in the H om a lim ite d second th ro u gh fifth y g a r w a rra n ty on m a g n e tro n p art replacem en t only. 
G EO RG E’S 
828-13o6 

2415 HARRY WURZBACH 

UTHMAN ROAD 

S l o c u m to stay at A & M 

COLLEGE 
STATION, 
Tex. (AP) - R.C. Slocum, defensive ends coach at 
Texas A&M, said Friday that he will stay at Texas 
A&M rather than join Lou 
Holtz’s new football staff at 
Arkansas. 
On Thursday, Slocum told A&M Head Coach 
Emory Bellard that he was going to Arkansas and no­ tified Holtz of his decision. 
Slocum, who was to be defensive line coach at z\r- kansas, said he changed his mind because “ it makes no sense for me to leave when our program has reached such a successful stage,” 
Texas A&M was 1o-2 the past two seasons after be­ ing only 3-8 five years ago when he joined the staff. 
Aussie paces ski duels 

 g a r m is c h -p a r t e n k u 
CHEN. West Germany 
(AP) 
Austria’s Franz 
Klammer was nearly two seconds faster than his ri vats Friday in training for the season’s third World 
Cup downhill race Satur day. 
Klammer, the Olympic gold medalist who won both downhills this season, clocked 2 minutes, o 9H se­ conds on the 3,32o meter 
Kandahar course that drops 
92o meters through 32 gates. 
Cmpires to meet 

The monthly meeting of the ban Antonio A S A 
Umpires Association will be held at 9 a in Sunday at 
San Fernando Gym. Of fleers are asked to be there at 7 45 a rn. Applications for membership will be ac cepted at the meeting. 

Son Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Saturday January 8 1977 
Pogo 
PEANUTS 

But th ey don't stay 

"S T 

THEY M a r BECAUSE I'M 
SO WACM AND CUDDLY... 

MUTT & JEFF 
MUTT/LOOK/if $ 8 o o '' 
J POUND A S A S . 
Y O U 'R E NCT' 

V 

Y O U RE NO V 
6 o IN G TO KEEP 
ARE TO U ?y o u 'v e 
GOTTA T R V TO 
LOCATE THE 

W E L L, PUT AN 
AD IN THE 
L O S T AND 
F O U N D 
C O LU M N S IN 
A n e w s p a p e r ! 

GIL THORPE 

COACH THORP 15 
WRONG lf He THINKS 
FENTON AN'SEAN 
CAN INSPIRE WE TO 
PLAV SETTER BALLf 
& 

HOW 'S TH IS — POUND 
$ 9 o o . W IL L RETURN TD 
OW NER W HO CAN 
(A S C R IB E L O S S “ CALL 
L IT T L E J E F F 
PLOOG LE 8 - 9 o o . '" 

FINE? TLL MAIL THIS 
RIGHT AW AY TO TH E 
TO KYO G A Z E T T E ? 

J VOL) REALLY 
V'know. . ATHINK coach 
I THINK 
HE WANTS 
'EW ON 
THE 
TEAW.r 

THORP IS 
1 t r Vin ' t o 
CON US? 

Of COURSE... t ...PUT WE AIN'T YW... 
HE'D GIVE HIS J GONNA BU/THAT lyeAH. 
WHISTLE lf SsCENE, BEANlEf/RiGHTr 
WE'D GO OUT \ RIGHT? 
FOR THE TEAMf 

ANDY CAPP 

JUDGE PARKER 

ON STAGE 

I SOT WORD AN HOUR AGO THAT \ 
ROCKY DIED? WE'RE NOW TALKING ii 

...THE GERMAN 
GOVERNMENT STILL HAS 
A REWARD OUT FOR 
EISEN FAUST, SOTNCYltE 
NOT CONVINCED HES 
DEAD... _ 
•S 

THE HARDEST THING 
TO ACCEPT IS THAT 
IT WASN'T SOME 
I ABERRANT SPECIES, 
I OR CREATURES FROM 
OUTER GRACE THAT 
PID THOSE THINGS. 

 it? 

... BUT HUMANS. 

 l ik e you 
AND /WE.., 

WELL,THE MEX FANATIC 
ANT?- NAZIS OF THIS 
GENERATION ARE THE 
CHILDREN OF FOAMER 
NAZIS, SO MAYBE WE'VE 
TAKEN A FEW 5TEPS 
FORWARD. 

-TS I 

MEANWHILE... 

Qteemu.) 

___________________ M HY? WHAT 
...KNOCK ON BUDS DOOrXARE VDU 
AS you GO OUT/ IT'S 
I UP TO T i 
VERY IMPORTANT 
THAT I SEE H IM / 
~ r - \ K 

 i -a 

■ ti 

KELLEY 

RED EYE 

G IV IN G 
B o t i 

 b r a n d y 
CONDITION! 

B.C. 

''o k ] w e * , i v e w r it t e n 
TWO FK&URBS O K ‘THS 

 s l a c k b c a r d . 

5 o6 US6D FOR 
MEDICINAL PURPOSES 
O N L Y / 

IIL . T W E R FIND 
A SNAKE UNDER 
ALL THIS s n o w / 

I USED TO 
PLAY A 
LITTLE 
FOOTBALL 
YOU KNOW 

I REMEMBER TRE 
FIRST CAME I 
EVER PLAYED IN ... 

SE, 

MY TEAM 
MATES 
CARRIED 
ME OFF 
THE FIELD 
ON THEIR 
SHOULDERS 
V - A' 

DID YOO 
SCORE THE 
W IN N IN O 
TOUCH 
DOW N V 
I 

NO. WHEN I 
SAW THE SIZE 
OF THOSE 
GUYS I 
FAINTED 

• V X * 
A* . fO 

M 

THE FAMILY CIRCUS 
DENNIS THE MENACE 

/ 

O O 

T h e t o p f i g u r e . is t h e 
W INNER'S S H A R E o f THE m a 6 *6 A E TOMORROW . 

HOW c o m t h e . 

o O H D W F IG U R E 
£ L A R G E R than! 
Tfte To? ONE. ? 

 i i 

THE WIZARD OF ID 

WB CAUGHT TH IG- 4MNI 
OHE4T1N<& O N H IS C IV IL 

Peoauge iris the 

Te l e p h o n e n u m b e r o p 
The ^UiOiDe HOTLINE I 

 just wont to take your pulse.” “Will you give it back?” 
“He certainly does fetch slippers...! wonder whose THESE are?” 

V ERA VA LIANT 

 b u t jh in g s'u s t a in 
LOOKING UP ONCE OR. 
DOOM GETS HERB! 

I 'L L F I N D S G M S WAY 
TO MAKS HIM LEAN 
ON THAT SUMY 
SP/DER -MAN,1 

M Y 5 P /D E * SENSE- 
STARTIN6 TO VNOLS! 
IT M EANS AN 
E N E M Y 'S N EA R / 

ACROSS 

1 Squeezes out 
5 Paid for 
11 Shed Itght 
13 Record of the past 
14 Indian wear 
(Pl) 
15 Uncut 
16 Fruit drink 
18 Different 
19 Solution 
2o By mean* of 
22 By birth 
24 Correct 
26 Faerie Queene 
29 Regretful 
31 Said 
33 Cancellation 
35 Puts at rest 
36 Printer s measure (pl) 
37 Superlative 
39 Close to tears 
4o Consume 
4 I Speed 
43 Squeezed out 
46 Exon 
49 Give claim to 

52 Wyoming mountain range 
54 Capital of 
Nebraska 
55 Sinuses 
66 Said b7 Drying oil 

D O W N 

1 Double curve 
2 Persian ruler 
3 Island republic 
4 Sneers 
5 Fish appendage 
6 CIA predecessor 
7 Different 
8 Auger 
9 Is hymen 
1o Force unit 
12 This (Sp) 
13 Ben . 
17 Affirmative reply 
2o Mine 
21 Feminine 
(suffix) 
22 Average 

Answer to Previous Puzzle 
U N ITE D Feature S yndicate 

ACROSS 

 friday s Puzzle Solved 

23 Epochs 
25 Cost of membership 
26 One of the 
Bears 
27 Privation 
28 Commercials 
29 Get the point 
3o Arizona city 
32 Road peth 
34 Go bed 
38 Definite article 
4o Ukase 
42 Small quantity 

43 Electric fish 
44 Interlock 
45 Volcano m italy 
46 Longing (si) 
47 Aleutian island 
48 Goddess of fate 
5o Foot part 
51 College degree (abbr) 
53 Worry at persistently 

2 
| ■ 
4 
5 
6 
7 
8 
9 
1o 

11 
12 
13 

14 
15 

 i e 
17 
18 

19 
2o 
21 

22 
23 
E K B 2 1 
25 
I r n 
* 
27 
28 

29 
3o 
31 
32 

33 
34 
35 

36 i i 
57 
38 
39 

4o 
41 
42 

43 
44 
46 
46 
47 
48 

49 
6o 
51 
52 
53 

54 
55 

56 
67 

I M end poorly 
6 N octurnal mammals 
1o Leave at once 
M U S city 
1 5 M alarial fever 
16 Secure with rope 
11 English sailor 
Slang 
I 8 Promote 
19 Ending with mc and int 
2o O utcasts 
22 Radius * 2 
24 Magpie 
Va r 
26 Put forward for adoption 
27 Traffic o f­ ficer s problem s 
31 Some regardless of number 
32 French river 
33 L a s ....... 
U n it The 
U S A 
35 Other t of faith 
38 Possessive word 
39 Hest selling parson 
4o Cover With asphalt 
4 I Before in time Prefix 
42 Paul Anka s rr 

 forte 
4 3 cell 
Energy maker 
4 4 Vehicle 
4 5 Fruit tree 2 words 
4 7 Black mark 
51 Nobody 
52 A pprox. 
I o 9 3 6 yards 2 words 
54 Seek am ­ bitiously 
58 Give private lessons In ­ form s! 
59 Once more 
91 Sleekening bar 
62 -— Go 
Bragh 
63 T a boo joke 
Inform al 
64 Straightedge 
65 Absence o! motion 
©b .... goose 
6 / C utters 

DOWN 

1 Straw vote 
2 French girl friend 
3 Pack down tightly 
4 Some birds 
5 Rural Outing 
6 — H um ­ bug 
7 Grew Old 

8 Flower 
9 Divide 
1o Ready tor bed 
I 1 Poem d ivi­ sion 
I 2 Sure-footed mammals t 3 At that place 
21 View 
23 WW I battle 
Site 
25 Kilmer classic 
27 Liquid spined 
26 Ram hard 
29 Ireland 
3o Sober 
34 WW ll high way 
35 Festival 
36 Ellipsoidal 
37 Skin layer 
Prefix 
39 Protestant group 

4o 

42 

4 3 
44 

46 
47 

46 

49 

5o 

53 

R eligious leader 2 words 
Moon s dark area 
A nticipators 
Join together 
Up •• • point 
B estower of m uch love 
H abituate 
Var 
Louis Riel follower 
Carpentry protection 
Nevada tourist center of Pines 
C larinet 
Muffs 
Outstanding success 
Intormai 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Saturday January 8 I9 7 7 

ANTIQUES 

ANTIQUA 
ANTIQUES 

A N T IQ U E AUC TIO N 
Coming Sunday, Jon 9, I . JO 
C ory's Antiqua Auction House 
Lockhart.Tx. Call 398-37o1 
A ntiaue m a p le bed. S5od m w j 4 e xcellen t, $2oo G ro n d tc iih tr cloes 
G ra n d m o th e r roc k Ina c H air . an tiaue bottle', $ee at .1o26 Cbihuohun 

D C S ) 

Bedlam Brass Beds 
Twin, Full, Queen, K in g p in 
SOLID BRASS H E ADB O A RDS 
*74-4925 
J123 Broadw ay 

BESS’ ANTIQUES 
MSO Old Seguin Rd 
OOI 558? 
BUY S ELL APPR A IS E 
Best Prices Paid for Antiques 
P H IL W ILLB O R N 
TOWN A C O U N T R Y A N T IQ U E S 
•252749 
34o9 Broadway 
735-/414 

CHOPPING BLOCK 
G rabo Antiques, 2934 Austin Hwy 
E S T A T E S A L E ' M u s t S ell F in e 
G la s s w a re , C h in a. I u m itg re . An haues . B ric k a brae 
1o2 E m p o ria 
Ja n u a ry A9 1oam 
5 pm . 

I I you h a ve A n tiq u e s . J e w e lr y , 
Diamonds, Sterling, Gold or Orion tai Rugs to sell, you'll get the Best 
Price from San 
Antonio's Finest 
Shoo 
Regency Antiques 

Mrs Brenner. 82? 544o. 342 5o7o 
Im p o rte d a u th e n ln suit ol a n n o ' life s iz e , 2 m e te rs ta il 
E n g ra v e d w ith fun ctio na l m ovin g p o rts C om p ii-tc w ith s ta n d , m o u n tin g a n d sw ord P ric e $12oo F u rth e r details w rite P O Box 542. In g ra m . Texas, 
78o25 Of c a ll 367 2357 

PHIL M O RA N, 734-5468 
A P P R A IS E B U Y S ELL 
L IC E N S E D f STATE 
LIQ U ID A TO R R E F E R E N C E S f Piece b edroom suite, m a h og an y 
O rie n ta l ru g s 
Iv o r y h o n d in la tc f s ilv e r b oo ken d s F u rs 
M isc ch a n caus a n tia u e B rtc -A B r a r 
JIO W 
E lsm e re 828 3375. 
P R IM IT IV E A m e ric a n and South w e stern L a d d e r back c h a ir, Conn 
C h e rry a nd w a ln u t ta b le p e g g e d 
Tenn 
B u ltg lo H o rn M g lltre e fo lk 
A r t T o v H o rs e . N e w M m 
C o s tr o v ille fire p la c e m a n te l 
C a ttle 
H o rn m irro r 
C o m p le te V ic to ria n staircase V ic to ria n tan back ch air. 
E a rly Texan fu rn itu re 735 4715 

QUEEN’S ANTIQUES 
28o9 F re d e ric k s b u rg 
H ours 
9 5 
Rare Kewpie Doll and 
P re W ar Porcelain Dolls 
JU D Y 'S G E N E R A L STORE 
528 E xeter 
San Marcos Antique Auction House 
Next Auction W E D . Jan 12. 7:3o f or Details: 398-37o1, Lockhart 
G ary Finglem on, TxGS 77 o3R6 

SUNSHINE 
Resilverinq & Beveling 
91/ A shby 
7,35-319! 

M iscellaneous w hite w ick er fu m e tyre, la rg e ca rve d o rn ate m irro r 2 
M a tc h in g g re e n v e lv e t love seats 
E venings I 625 4916 New B ra un fels 

OPA'S ANTIQUES 
22o3 S H ackberry 
O R IE N T A L tilt top table, black lac giie re d w ith M o the r of P e a rl m lav 
G E R M A N sideboard, long leal vol lo w p in e , b e v e le d g lo s s d o o r . 
Daughtry Antiaucs. 684 o344 

Different Drummer 
Antiques Acccssories-Colleclables 
1o2o TO W NSEND, 826 3764 
ALAM O H E IG H TS 

To Sell your Antiques 
ONE AND ALL 
Hern's the number for you to call 
633 26oo, 633-o34o (cash paid) 
JIM LIS TE R 
W a ln u t A n tia u e E x e c u tiv e desk 
(37x46) w ith chair 
E xcellen t condi lion $495. Coll 494 6o3o 
W A N T E D 
76 Re, J X B or tm 
C h ris tm a s cro s s 
W ill p a y a bo ve re tail value 494-2o7? 

(musical instruments) ( 72o) 
(musical instruments) ( 72o) 

DACBERT’S 
INVENTORY CLEARANCE 

N e w and Used Organs 

U sed o rg a n s fam ous brands.- L a w te y , H a m m o n d . K im b a ll, 

W u rlitc e r os lo w as . 
................................... 
S I 4 9 . 5 o 
N e w Thom as K om bo O rg a n Reg $ 5 *9 8 -— C lo s e o u t o f $ 5 9 8 

N e w K im b a ll 8 o , Reg. $ 1 o 2 ? — S ale $ 8 6 3 
N e w S p in e t P ianos fro m $ 6 9 8 . 

A fe w used U p rig h t a t $ 2 9 8 as is 
Plus m a n y o th e r p ia n o 

 a n d o rg a n values. 

D A C B E R T ’ S M u s ic P la z a 
NORTH— 5 2 3 5 W akens Rd. 
6 5 4 -6 6 6 1 
SOUTH— 1 4 o o Nogalitos 
2 2 3 -6 1 5 1 

Continued From Page 
I OF 

DOGS— PETS c 
DOGS—PITS 
DOGS— PITSDCE) 

FOR FAST 
RESULTS .. 
Plocc Your 
Pet Ad Today! 
Call 
Miss Moore 
2 2 5 - 1 6 6 6 

A A AKC SHIH TZL) PUPS 
Males. Fem ales. Shots 342-7o3o 

Adorable M altese, I fe m a le p up py, 7 w k v old 575. 349 7697 
A fte c tio n o tc A K C C o c k e r P u p s . w o rm e d , shots, 7 w ks SIoo 6o4 27o-1 
Oft 5 -3o. 
AKC A D O R A B LE S A M O Y ED 
Puppies, reduced. 923-2438 
AKC A fg h a n H ound p u p p ie s Cal arter .5:3o, 927 696o 
•A K C A FG H A N S * 
Several C olors, 344 728o aft. 6 p. rn. 
AKC A FG H A N S, Cham p Lines 
653-9684 
AKC A FG H A N S Ch Bloodline*. 
___________ 698 27o8 
AKC A p ric o t P oodle '5 wks 
__________fem ale. 475 o4 l l 
AKC Block Lob R etriever Puppies, 
Reg 648 o835 
AKC B londe C o cker S paniel P up pies. 5 w ks 
M o le s SI 25, (e m o te s 
SHO. 653 86o5 otter 6 p m 
AKC BOSTON T E R R IE R S *75 
Females. 
Boerne. 
698 253o 
1-336 2329 

AKC BO XER S 
2 fawn fem ales available 222-921o; 
1-393-655o Call collect 

AKO CAIRN TERRIER 
Puppy 435 7o57 

AKC C t pies 653 v ire o W eTm aro m - 
4o9 
AKC Ch 
S ire d 
C o e u r S p a n ie ls 
Puppies. Del Rio I 775 oo16 
AKC CO Ck t. P P U P P IE S t xcellent P edigree 49? I tm 
AKC COCKER PUPS 
532 9612 
AKC C orke r P uppies 
C all A lte r 5, 6''e 61o3 
AKC D o b e rm a n m oles, SWS vvdh pope 
Rust 924 26o1 

 i IJS 7 w 

AKC Doberm an Pups. 6 wks 
_________ 679 7687 
A K C D o b e rm a n p u p s 
SISO w ith a ils c u t, p edigree w o rm ed 
333 75o3 
AKC" E n g lis h C o c k e r S p a n ie ls . 9 weeks Pet. show, 585 673 o894 
AK C G e rm a n S h e p h e rd . 3 y rs 
Obed. T ra in e d SISO 433 o645 

AKC T ri Collie P uppies, re g istere d . 
SSO piece D ays 78o 2478 E venings 
583 3o8? 
K enedy, 6o m iles S 
Son 
Antonio 
AKC W eim arcnier Pups 5125. 2 ye ar m ole 575 Cham p s ire d 696 85? I 
AKC Y O R K IE P U P S, Stud Service 
_________735-6851, 734-273o_______ __ 
AKC Y o rk s h ire T e rrie r Pups /Arite 
New B ra un fels I 625 399' eves 
A m e ric a n E s k im o S p it/ y o u n g ternate Reasonable 534 198! 

LIVESTOCK 
J 

( LIVESTOCK m C-SUDs) ( 7 4 o ) ( UV£STO«-fEED.SHPs)(74 o ) 

Beautiful Block G reat Dane Pups, 
AKC Reg. 494 2525, 653 3775 

 r Mown HOMES— SAU ) ( 8 l i p 
V — 
— 
— 
— 
— 
^ ......... 
Take over paym ents No eauttv *73 
L A N IE R luxury 14' x 66 2 bedroom , 
2 bath, carpeted, p a rtly furnished 
All kitchen appliances. 333-3o9o 
TO P D O LLA R P A ID 
FOR U S E D M O B IL E H O M E S 
824-324o________________ 
924-4424 
TOW N A C O U N T R Y 14x65. unfur nished, Poy tro s fe rrm g fe c , ta (,P over paym ents 658-1o64___________ 

Unfurnished 3-2. patio, lot included, 
NW a rea , sell or trade for house in 
NW area 698-2971.______________ _ 

USED BARGAINS 
8 X 35' 
51995 
8 X 45' 
.............................................. 34995 
I2’X6o' 
............................................ 55995 
1 2 X 6 4 '............................................ 37995 
14 X6o' 
............................................ 56995 
14 X72' 
........................................... 58295 
Some With A ir Conditioning 
Beryl's Mobile Hom e Center 
16513 IH IS North (Selm a E x it) 
651 6961 

Beautiful G erm an S hepherd Pups. I mo. 534 5251 
______ 
B E A U T IF U L L Y M a rk e d Toy Fox 
T e rrie rs. 434 13o9. 
___ 
BEST IN SHOW L IN E S 
W IR E FO X T E R R IE R PUPS 
CH STUD S E R V IC E 65*9244 
BLACK L A B pups. A KC , 2 fem ales, 
2 m o le s 
F ie ld t r ia l c h o m p s in pedigree 51oo $125 822 9929. 
Block m a le 
.- poodle Sunset and 
B roadw ay. 826 5298 735 1 718 
Bluepoint S iam ese, good hom e 696 2 5o9. 
I ' v y rs old to 

BREAKS M Y H E A R T B "t m ust sell m y P ointers M a m a dog 4 y rs Best in b usin e ss 
H e r IO m o pup goes w ith her G uara n te e d p erfo rm a n c e 
S ISO. 654 6458 
B R IT T A N Y S P A N IE L , terna te mos $5o 927 7654 a tt 6pm 
Champion S ired W e im aro n i pies E lm e n d o rf I 393-6/V i 
C O L L IE P U P P Y . 5 w k s . 525, no papers 828 1786 
D A L M A T IA N P U P P IE S 525 
826-468/ 
DOG B ru s h in g , b a th in g d ip 
A ll sires S4 sm all. S6 la rg e. 492 9193 or 
492 2676. 

•DOG SHOW JAN 9® 
B M atch Charity Event 
E ntries 61o 45om 
Judgmq ll :3oum 
Joske s North Star P arking Lot coll 494-5821 or 69o-84o2 for details 
FR E E CUTE P U P P IE S . 6 wk , 
736-ooo4 o tte r 6 p m 
F ree! Adm able c o m b in a tio n ! Bas s e ll hea d. D n rh s n n d b od y, p u p s 
Weaned, a v a ila b le now 
349 /2S«s. 
344 4974 
F R E E to good hom e A dult G erm an 
S hepherd, m ale, good te m p e ra m e n t 
661 561o 
F R E E to Good Hom e 
Fem ale dog, 
6 mo good w ith k ids 681 2691 
Full b looded G e rm a n S hepherd 
■.■ales, SSO fem ales- SIS 684 I 163 

GREAT DANES 
C ham pion s ire d I 755 4696 
GSA O w ner H a n d le r C lub Classes 
P uuov Ohed 8 12 w ks Basic In te r m ediate S tarts Jan t9th 6/3-46oJ; 
342 8o88 
Holt B order Collie Pups. 4 m ale, 2 fem ale, 6 w ks 34? 6874 a lt 3p rn. 

AKC G E R M A N S H O R T H A IR E D 
P O IN T E R PUPS 696 7584 
AKC G O LD E N RL T R IE V ER S 
684 3/78 
AKC G olden R e trie v e r p u p p ie s. 
SIDO Call a fte r 6PM 
826 7443 
AKC H A R L E Q U IN G R E A T DA N E 
P U P P IE S 648 1263 

7o7 - PORTABLE BUILDINGS 

H om aged discounted u hn ft 
12*?4 O ffices, i m e de 
9 ?i o)2o 
O a m ng e d 
Ox IO. \o» ii), to# I ? heavy d uty flo ors 
F re e del 
9?J 4346 
F a c to ry 2nd n o r) a a ra g e 1?« 
4 
F r e t del . terr m s, V.* t i 
F oetory ?nrl reduced t ?x4o storage b ldg F re e del term s. 684 12)6 

PORTABLE BUILDINGS 
B X B ...5 29 5 
Bx IO ..$ 3 9 6 
O t h e r s iz e s a v a ila b le 
Q U A L I T Y C O N S T R U C T IO N kl lo VV-Ou tv Fleer Included 
DITTMAR LUMBER 
SOO S e q u in R d 
326 3141 
P ortob'e B u ild in g * m oved by non Bonded 653-8111 
S P E C IA L 1 Used tOx lf. p ort a ttice 
Term s, fre e d e liv e ry 7J2-5171 
Store rooms, all woad, i o * u s48s. 
12x16 56oo D elivered 655 2363 
Used D o m o o t'd t < i i? > io bidri y r. e n d Close o u t p ric e s 
T e rm delivery 653 Bi ii__________________ 

71o FURNITURE_ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ 

— ™KomB^c^^?^owIdowr7^^^nt^,™,™ 
Basement. New and used furnitu re 
231 E Com m erce 227 6361 
LACK'S D ISCO UNT W A R E H O U SE 
Used Fu rn itu re and Appliances 
•41 C O L IS E U M OR 
225 7444 
Specials on com plete beds, 111 95 c o m p le te b e d ro o m s u ite , Si 79 vs. gas ranges. IWV 9s 
FAWCETT FURNITURE 
414 Doloroso 
22/ 4512 

711 Pawn B ro k e rs ! 

R n 'A N i OAS , , buy sell-trade anything at value 
1624 6 . Com m erce 

SOUTHERN JEWELRY CO. 

E S T A B L IS H E D 19o4 
WE B UY & SELL 
D IA M O N D S 
P LA T N it 
G O LD 
S IL 1 
A P P R A IS A L S 
M A D L 
IE W E l H V d O R 
IN S U R A ) 
PURPO SE S A N D EST AT L f 
J25 A LA M O P L A Z A m 

713 HEA MARKETS 
-WMM— 
— 
— 
« 

HAMMOND 
BOOGUM 

H 
New From $495 
= j Used From $195 

425 N M a in ...2 2 4 -5 5 2 * 
S S 

W o n d e rla n d ... 732-8259 
ZSL 

N orth Stor . . . 344-o248 
Z Z 

TS HI III ll IU ll III H E 

726 • NURSERIES 

SUPPllfS 
Ii CARDEW 

AKC Iris h Setter P uppies, SSO STV 
E uropean Ch Lines feed k i lo 

AKC Lab Pups, 3 m ales. 4 (emotes. 

AKC M in 1 
68! 3691 atte 

AKC M in 
W orm ed 
675 o397 

 r.n no u /e rs 
6 w eekday. 
(m o o te r tem per * 
■. SI OO 
•.tarted 

AKC O d E ng lish Sheepdog P uds 
Stud se rvice 135 1976.431 8916 

AKC Re g A fghan Pups. snow a n o li tv 135-3o88. 433 4831 
AK C 
R e g G o ld e n 
698 2214 a tte r 6 p .rn 
R e tr ie v e r s 

AKC Reg Irish Setter Pups SAU eg 
828 8484 e x t 265 Bt v 
D a ily . Wee te n d s 698 2476 
A k £ Reg m ale Poodles 45o eo 

AKC Reg. Min Schnaurer Puppies 
656 5384 a b l 
AKC R m o s o ld 
C 
625 1 123 o tte r 
AKC t i g 
■ tem A wks 5 

• aud W hite f otbes 
I N e w B r a u n f e I 

AKC Somoved Puppies. S75 
512 847 9613 
AKC SCOT I 
P up m ale. 
9 o353 

Healthy A c tiv e M lx b re e d P uppies 
W ill be la rg e dogs 
F re e to goo d hom e F lo re s v ille I 393 3316 
H im a la y a n M a le k it t e n s c a ts educing c a tte ry sale 924 3392 
JA P A N E S E Ak do P u p p ie s AKC,'. 
OOO UP 674 4129. 
M A S T IF F P U P P IE S . AKC re g , 
Fawn 
A a p ric o t. 
Houston 
I TI J 464 8576 

O B E D IE N C E CLA SSES bv ( i t / s only AFC lic e n s e d G e rm a n She­ p h e rd D o g C lu b . R c a cst r a t io n 
T bur s 
Jon 
6th 
1977 
7 - IO o rn 
T h u rs 
Ja n 
I i, 6 
7 p .m . Jo e 
F re e m a n C o lis e u m t o r In to 
9??-2197 , 9?J 9154. 
O L c T iN G L IS H S HEEPDO G S 
AKC 434-7866 
P a r a k e e ts . L a rg e a nd u n u s u a l colored young birds. 341-6358 

PARROT 3 4 4 -2 o o 8 
P E E K A POO P U P P IE S $45 
699 o353 
P E E K A POO p uppies, 6 w eeks old 
SJO 654-o515 

POODLES 
Toys ring m in ia tu re * 
Protect you siness w ith a i on S hepherd, 

Reg Get r 
Q uality Ch 
Shepru 
Midline 

A-HALE TRAILERS 
Horse Stork end Gooseneck 
New and Used; for Sole or Rent 
Also feed B arrels with Lids 
S L IM P O IL CO. Oft IH 37 
533-5151 6o4 Carolina nttes 344 7215 
BABY Calves $3(5 $5o. G rass C alves 
$6o $11o Cow. c a lf $25o. 922 8449 
5oo bales Johnson C r ny*. H a y (c r fib re d and irrig a te d . C a ll 625 6o84 
New B ra un fels a tte r 6p rn__________ 
B A R G A IN : S udan H a y in B a rn 
SI 4o bole. 624 2854 
B E A U T IF U L B a y v e o r lm g s tu d cod E xc q u a rte r horse blood line 
H a lte r broken $25o 698 1441, a tte r 
6PM. 

B R IG H T F E R T IL IZ E D S U D A N 
HAY Can Deliver. 684-1873 
BRUSH C L E A R IN G p ilin g , b u rn in g and cedar pushing. Fence rig h t of w a ys, ra n c h ro a d s , g u lly w ashes. w a te r w a y s , stock ta n k s a nd (c r toe in g. Call J. R. Sanders. v?2 oo18 
C A N E H A Y in B a rn , $5o a Ton. 
J ohnso n 
G ra s s 
H a y 
(A lf a lf a flavored) *5o a Ton Jack M tnnev, 
Quemado. (15o m iles SW o* Son An­ tonio) I 757-1329 
Chnrolais Cottle P u re B re d. B ulls. 
LOWS, H e lle rs, Calves. 1-3/9 245/ 
‘71 CIR C LE H G oo e en etk, 6 horse von, tun nose, in d iv id u a l co m p a r* meats, e le c tric b ro k e s 
$2,75o 
333 1611 

F E L P S HO RSE. STOCK 
AN D G O O SENECK T R A IL E R S 
Soles. S ervice, R e pa irs, a nd T ra ile r 
R entals. 443o H w y 9o E ast (S W W 
W hite Rd I 333 I6U 

F E R T IL IZ E D CO ASTAL H AY 
1ooo Bales I 569-4o73. 1 742-3742 
F E R T I L I Z E D C O A S T A L H A Y , 
S to re d In s h ed . *2 .o o a b a le 
533 5145 Atter 6 and weekends coll 
677-817o 
FOR SALE 
Rock Island F re ig h t 
W agon and M o rg an Team M a res with harnesses Box 8oS. Leakey, Tx 
78873, t 232 5566 
Good, gentle, d ark P a lo m in o geld mg w ith b lan - face Good n a tu re d . 6 ye ars old. W ith tack, $65o W estern or pleasure. 492-2783 
G ood Johnson G ro ss H o y , s t 25 bale. 624 2565; 624-2248. 
G R IN D YO U R O W N F E E D 
Case H om m er M ill B elt d riv e n w ith s ilo s a c k e r $25o e x c e lle n t c o n d . 
P ow ered bv John D eere 4 c y lin d e r in d u s tr ia l g o s e n g in e *5oo 
S e ll tog e th e r or se pa ra te 
695-9218, 
695 32o5 
H AY D e liv e re d 
I 685 3361. I 997 3 /6 / 
H O R S E S B o a rd e d , B ro k e n an d 
T ra in e d . E x c e lle n t fa c ilitie s Rea sociable Rotes 923 o5/3 a tt 5 p m 
Horse stable NW side. H uebner Rd b etw een B abcock a nd F re d e ric k s ­ b u rg Clean stalls w ith rid in g a re a , 
S/5, mo , w ith m ule feed and co asta l hay 
$3o M o it you p ro v id e feed. 
696 8oo6 
2 Horse trailer, tan d em a x i l, saddle ond tack 922 o125. 
Johnson G ross and H a y G r a t e r 
H ay 
SI oo to Si 65 
San M a rc o s 
L o c k h a rt a re a, I 392 97o/. 
JOHNSON GRASS HAY 
_______ 649-2949 

Macdona Auction Sale 
E v e ry Sot 12 Noon, a ll kin ds c a ttle , sheep, g o a ts, h o rs e s 
17 nu, S.W 
S A F a rm R d .? t/3 , M a cd on a. Tx 

N eubtn A lp in e M ilk G o a ts , so m e w ith tw in s at side f WPS With t. IJS at side <,-js ? /; y 

New Year Specials j*6 ' i Pento Posts 
3’ ?x7 Cree. Posts 
4x8 Pento Posts ......... 
6ft. domestic T posts 
17' j go barb w ire, ’ * 
42" twist stays per C m l 

*2 o9 
St.95 
*2.49 
*1.88 
*16.5o 
$16.5o 
BARKER SUPPLY 
3143 SE M ilita ry D r. 333 6o41 
NO T IM E TO R ID E Y oung T w o 
Y ear Filly H alter Broken, Has been 
Saddled and Ridden. V ery G entle 
*25o 
Also AQ HA Ten Y e a r Gelding. E X 
C E L L E N T 
T R A IL 
OR 
F IR S T 
HORSE. E xtrem ely gentle but sp ir­ ited. no bad habits. *6oo. 772-3957 
Lytle 

O P E N HO RSE SHOW 
Randolph Air Force Bose Jan 15th 
Rain D ate Jon. 29th. 658 1261 aer 
658-9968 evenings 

P A IN T G E L D IN G n ice and gentle 
923 274o 
Paint Shetland Pony. G entle 
635 8765 

Phil Echavarria 
S AYS 
Call or See M c A t" 
Moffett Lumber Co. 
Dependable Since 1935 
4o7 N. Zqrcam ora. 432 7881 
Q U A L IT Y HAY Sudan. Si 4obale In born I - 589-2493. 

Baul Perales 
SAYS "Coll or See Me A l" 
Moffett Lumber Co. 
Dependable Since 1935 
4o/ N Z a rto m o ra , 432-7881 
16 R E G IS T E R E D S uffolk Ewes and 
I ra m , for sole or tra d e 
822 5895 
Otter 6PM . 

SHALLOT ONION 
G ro w e rs W a n te d 
Th e y m u ltip ly p ro d u c in g a c re w o r th $6ooo. to 
515,ooo Should P lant now 7 33 1 13/ 
8o S p rin g e r H e r e fo r d C ow s. 4o 
B lack a nd B lack B ald face cow s, 3 / calves. 23 C rossb re d cow s. 8 ca lves. 
13 S p rin g e r C russb re d cows 15, 2 yr 
Old C ro s s b re d h e ife rs . 13 H e ife r c o w s a n d 2 c a lv e s . 28 Y e a r lin g c ro ssb re d heifers. C a ll a tte r / p rn 
512-293 3792. 

Stanley Helrnke 
SAYS "Cairor See M e A f 
Moffett Lumber Co. 
Dependable Since 1935' 
4o/ N Zorzam oro, 432-7881 
I W hite S addle, B rid le and M a r- tam ale between 8-4 653-o122 
2 Y E A R O LD 
34V 161/. 
HO RSE T R A IL E R 

9 year old re g is te re d q u a rte r to p w e s te rn p le a s u re h o r 
Inuits. 51ooo. ( git 828-238/ 
4 yr old M a re and F oal. $4oo 
3 y r old A ppaloosa. $4oo IO y r old ROA. 
*25o 65fF 8543 

3 y r o ld M a re . g e n tle , p le a s u re horse, 53oo. 649 121/________________ 

7 Y r old Pleasure G elding 16 hands. 
P erfe ct tra il rid e h orse *3oo F irm 
628 1168. 

 to 
MOBILE HOMES 

 c M o i l ! ! H O M ! N I K S ) ( f T ? ) 
( M O tlU H O M ! • * ! « • 

REG fem ale id G oldc 
.Vt 7/o6 o 

G re e n h o u s e 
(ended. 
>24 ,oo3 

729 Oil M IO IQUIPMtNT 

Line Pipe lib e ra te s threads, J 
??C and 3 t X 765/4. 

 and 4" b la m e ,i n tre g a t I I) 1 1 m aths, lac lo ry t PO B o . 127. 

73o - MACHINERY AND TOOLS 

DIESEL TRACTOR xid B lo w n w ith fro n t m d loader uc.kets ( I v d a nd 
. v d i 
J p i tx up. pow er tax c o lt Good tire s reheat cond $3/5o Can d e liv e r 

FO RD M O D E L 35oo Diesel t i 
C o n v e n e r T t ar to r L o a d * * I no* P ik e d to sell 
THE TO RG ERSO N CO 
533-5145. 7J9 Sieves 

IN G E R S O LL 

I N G R A M R O L L E R 
(I Ton w ater loaded, steel whe 

L a rg e s t In d o o r 
FLEAMARKET 
L v e rv S atu rd ay Sa 
N o 'th West Snapping 
36oo B lock F re d e ric k ^ 
Bock Side of Cen 
FO R IN F O or R I S t R\ 
341 7337 

718 COINS & JWURY 

O ocToT^m Jes!!m K dC enBu^!TTn!U ^r refed in buying coms, stamps, rolls, proofs, gold, F ro n k im M ints, els 
Contact Or Vogt. 716 2o/9 
W hile gold w atch 
344 5/46 a tte r 4PM 

728-MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS 

NAVARRO PIANO CO. 
NBW Spinet Pianos $795 
(bickering Baby Grand like new 
Baldwin Baby Grand, like 

Bl C O U N T 
Electronic Organ* Shop with us and save. low overhead 
NAVARRO PIANO CO. 
1/o 2 N a b r a d e 
714-6443 

V A R IO U S 

AUCTION SAU 

SHORT NOTICE 
AUCTION at ears Valuable Stork 
PISS!AN RUGS r*4 Hike One* NI Iva* 
* 
'o<*kPt» 
Umb*»«i 
«l 
M a w fcota.a... ta#mx wk , m„ (hmmti lim IMH x K M Im • MWO*»•*»> 
‘OW tk*M f Ok* Ae MI a n n aa IHM w k 'IMM twennet!, ta Uh 
■Me* •*'MMM Xxx ml,wt*4 I*— “ ■ 
•MMI tm (u h u el IIH **•«( , 
•I Certie* 
SHI* ATON MOrCW INN 
14oo Autem Hwy. 
San Antonio, le a n t 
• f t . , Jaw, 4. 2 PJM. 
Viewing a1 I P M rn*!* i"**v4M t it tlnttfx 
KIMAK. lOiNAU. 
S'Ma i et 
TAMI/. 
■ OUM! 
Al iou* MI ii Sir attu«»l 
, 
AIWAN MUK I WU V IM (AAM* ADMAN 
M A H * n o AAWW ItttCHAVONNIIM ate mmmi ••ken .a a* um< 
Auctioneer 
Joseph F e to r * r HJG 76 o 5 28 
Term s: C a th o r Chock 

738 POULTRY RABBITS BLES 
R A B B IT * 
B ucks 
Dor 
Mptrhes C H I AP! *79 7 

~ 
C R IT C H E T T P IA N O CO 
No Tim e Lim it on Rentals 
Rental Purchase Pion 
19o/ W Woodlawn 
734 421/ 
Fen n er Vwui b e v i'b A m p h litie r 

 s k ille t. *41 VV r 
*139 95 
Two mr. 
515 W E u c lid Av: k a iw o i'p ' in s tru c tio n sell tor *8! 
6,56-o6o8 

J Bi-1 
Nr 

Large Selection ol Antique 
PLAYER PIANOS 
L D G A ID A 5 
A U T O M A T IC M U SIC CO 
.'8o6 N F to* es 
73 J 1546 
P IA N O * R E N T E D Option lo Buy 
NO L IM IT E D T IM E 
DACBE RT * Music Plaza 

SAVE TO H OFF 

OLMOS MOSIO CO. 
41o N MAIN 
SELM AER B ,. C lei 

74? (ARM EQUIPMENT 

ANO SUPPLIES 

DIESEL TRACTOR 

FA R M A LL M re heat ( 
> t i IOO 

1976 Ford 3*oo Diesel Tractor used about 14o h o u ri $695o ft t i 8 in D isc 
H a rro w used a bout JO h ours. WSO. 

FORD M O D E L HOO TR A C TO R ' 

THE TO RG ERSO N CO 
$33 5145, 719 Sieves 

AKC M O v TF P P K . RS 

Thoroughbred 
§/*>. No p it pct S 
5 o D I E S 
W h if f 
A K C 
SAS B o ff ne *>3/ 4 SIO. 
AKC" 

735 5842 
AKC St 
B e rn a rd P uppies ood 
SI? 392 /JOO 

AKC ST BC RN A R D Paps un 494 2 78 J 
*125 and 

AKC to y A c rito l 
Male 
4 us 2/MI 
Poodles. 

 f 
FARM EQUIPMENT 
I 

I 
AND SUPPLIES 
JR 

196? O liver 77o Diesel Tractor, w ith j pf hook up 
Good cond 
*3ooo 
6 35* 765 
P O R T A B L E C O R R A L P A N E L S . de of high tc n s ii steel tu b in g 16 s), ve ry rig id and d u ra b le 5x1o 

 it t h i a ll 

P R E S EA SO N S P E C IA L on N ew 
Bale Loaders IMO E W A LD FO R D 
TRACTO R 
IH IO H w y 46, Seguin, 
Tx 379 4591 

ROCK P IC K E R , hydraulic control lift 23o1 NogulltOS. 534 671) 

THE TORGERSON CO 
719 Sieves 
533 5145 
1 Ton upright 
$5oo. I 663 4o1o 

8o1 • CAMPERS 1RAILLRS 

Cam per shell tor 74 or 77 tong bed 
Toyota I month old $185, 226 4126 or 65642o3 

■75 C H E V Y *r ton pickup with 1975 
C oachm an C am per 
C all 623 4726 ofter 5 p.rn 

CLOSE OUT S A LE , 197* 
C A M P IN G TR A V E L T R A IL E R S 
K C T R A ILE R S 
71o W EST AV 
7JS 3931 
IJ FI 
F IR / 

IS FI Self contam ,:!, excellent con aition, extras 628 5o/6 
H E IM E R C A M P E R SALES 
San Antonio $ Exclusive Coachmen dealer. M etm er m akes Coachm en a ffo rd a b le ! 924 8334. 3329 S W 
M ilitary Dr 
Just West et Somerset Rd 
19/5 J E E P P IC K U P , low m ileage, has cam per with stove, re fn g etc. 
*69oo fir rn 654 6458 
LO N G W H E E 

PICKUP COVERS 
$188 

P op Up 

75 R E O D A LE 9' i sett contained 
C ubover w ith a ir and h y d ra u lic lac k s 
U sed only 5 w ks 
B ia n co 
Products, Loop 41o at Bi ooh wax 

S H A S T A P P R O W L E R 
51 A H M A N N T R A IL k R SALES 
Lit Bu 
• t i ' 
*8.7oo 
25' Shasta T ro v e! tr a ile r , 
Com plete, never used, 197* 
With accessories W ill take *7,ooo rash 
744-77o*, ask tor Chuck 

STARCRAFT 
M Y E R S T R A IL E R SALES 
I U K IN G S B U R Y 
S E G U IN , TX 
*74 T E R R air a nd hi 
Roosevelt I 
(sided $5675. 

197* Ti 

 ii$ £ 

F O R O 5 o N M o to r d ies e l D o c to r w ith h y d r a u lic b la d e 
*1 2o o 
»<* 2o45 
(1)569 4427 eves 

A ifq llu M u x L Y T L E F E E D A N O 
S E E P 624-3472 
GOOD S E LE C TIO N 
I Or 

224 1/41 e xit,n j, j 
M u st ti 
'am ie, e xt. co n d , I 
14$j744<.________ 

SBB Bd* h e d 'ii sieeT g u ita rs 
P ro 
IIT , o«d S ingle Ten m odels avoiio- bl4 6*1-o96/ ofter 6 pm w eekdays 

H E S TO N S TA C K H A N O w*h Stock 

THE TO RG ERSO N CO 
________ >33 S U I, TIT Steves 
19*o, lei International Combing, Tx ti table Good cond S65o I 387 /89; 
4o1o 4o2o JOHN D E E R E 
Die Md. SSO 6711 
M odel J52 N ew H o lla n d p o rta b le grinder mimer, *1375 1-371 5534 OH dark 

Used 25 T E R R Y Trotter 
Harper Motor Ce Carnperlond 
24o1 5 W M ilitary 924 i t l l 
Used 25 T E R R Y Trailer 
H arper Motor Cd C a m p n land 
24o1 S W M ilitary 924 5514 
(21 Used STK Wheel Trailer 
H arper Motor Co Com perlund 
24o1 S W M ilita ry 924 5514 
(?) Used 5Th Wheel Trailer 
Hoi per M otor Co Com pel land 
24o1 S W M ilita ry 924 5514 

Trur Min. Dachshund Pop 
Stud Service 696-158o 
W ANT AN AKC DO G * 
Dog B reeders R e fe rra l S ervice w ill put you in touch w ith a n e a rb y ppufciblt' breeder 494 5945 
W A N T E D good home on ranch or form tor 18 mo old dog. Lady 75-„ 
B orde r C ollie Good w atch dog C all 
539 
D o b e rm o n P e rq ‘ 
W atch dogs is. asking *15 
927 7162 

 v . CAM PttS-TRAllHS 

W a n te d — L a te 2 7 ’ A ir s tr e a m . 
713 384 4453 P M 
Gene W iltshire, 
288 W Houston Sl.Josper Tx 75951' 
W e B U Y A L L T y p e s of T r a v e l 
Trailers Call 
M E L , 924-5514 

15 W innebago tra v e l fra ile r mslied 5875 494 2721 

8o? MUIOB HOMES SALES RINI 

C H A M P IO N and TITA N 
R A H M B E R G RV C E N TE R 
*55 o251 
2271 AU S TIN HW Y 

CMC Motor Home Rental 
D A ILY cmd W E E K L Y RATES 
P H O N E ; ________ 
661-7212 
GMC MOTOR HO ME FOR R E N T 
349-4311 
699 QI29 
734 9389 
L U X U R Y M o to r H o m e , '76 W in ­ nebago. 21’ c o m p le te ly sell c o n ­ a m e d only 45oo m i 696 4718 eyes, weekends t u X U R Y M O T O R H O M E S F o r 
Rent LOW Roles 658 /641, 656 7119 
69 M otor hom e, tew ltd Dodgi- 

M otor H om e R e n ta ls 
F u lly contained 
Rotes by day or week. 
653 61o8 
7e Titan 23' m otor nome, 36o Dodge, sleeps 4, te a r path. fully loaded. 2 airs, power plant, stereo tope deck 
7.6oo mi P erfect condition, listed tor 
*17.ooo w ill s a c rific e to r *13.ooo 
Consider truck as trade in 7 3* 5o37 

SAN PEDRO NORTH 
M O U L E H O M E P A R K 
1 6 2 * o S A N P ED R O 
_ _ _ _ _ _ _ 4 9 4 - 6 9 1 1>_ _ _ _ _ _ _ 

BOATS, MOTORS 

17' R A N G E R B a s s B o a t i : o h f > 
< hr VMC • C ustom tro lle r, tro ll m o to r. and tin d e r, $19o5 
TE X -A LL BOAT, 222-9628 
Sail bool and tra ile r, i j ' C h ry s le r 
Lonestar 
M ain unci lib 
S/25 

19/2 SEA RAV SRV 193. 19 tri-hoH d r iv e in trailer. 188 hp I O. Pow er trim and till. interior worn but scr- vicablc. Hull, m otor, steering, etc oil perfect Top, side curtains, bow cover, boardm g la d d e r, skis, cm chor, ropes, lite and ski lockets 
5 5ooo tirm Del Rio 
1 775-6253 
'68, 16 SKEE TE R C ro ft. H u s tle r 
Bass boot w ith SoHP M e rc u ry , C u tie 
D ude T ro lle r, stick ste e rin g , super m o to r guide, tro ll m o to r. Roy J e ff lo cofo r, ? b a tte rie s. 6 g a l ta n k , ex fig s A ll in good cond . S8oo o r tro d e p a rt for 64 , '68 VW B ug 7J6 2152. ft/9 8999 ask for John t >76 ST E A R N C R A F T, 

M ERC I in w ofei 

In s tri 
R U IS E . Ic 
M ust sen 

In O u t n e n tg l, 17o h p 
,s thou 5o h o u rs 
C all 656 665o 
21' T A H IT I, 197*. de-in T ra ile r 46o 
* <4UioL?£<l: AAQk C o 

 ct B oat and Tan jr d m F Ord, to lly er 1 47o 2758 
197* Thuncferbir d riv e o n tra ile r. ft7 3 6o69 a tle r 5p 

 d F- 18. ho I O, 
$6ooo 

£ 

L O O K 
PRICED TO SELLIS 
SAVE SAVE^ 

14 X76' NEW M OON 

3 bdrm. 2 baths fully 
(oipeted 
With 
(hopes ^ fully furnished, with cen- M trol heot and apphnmes included 
S i ONLY $ 7 9 9 5 > 

AMERICAN MOBILE I <4 
^ M O D U L A R HOMES, INC -M 
2 7 JO S. W Mitrtary Dr. p r 922 /191 
972-o441’ 

 f S. Out of fawners gos ' expenses pard with pur- f chase of mobtle heme 

W ont To Buy M o to r Horne 
Any 
Make Any Model 6587*61 *56-71 IV 
7 2 W I N N t I fu lly loaned 

8o4 BOATIE MOIORS 

 f 
DON'T BUY BOAT 
FROM 
BARBFRA 
_ 

Just coos* we ye been rn SA SO 
Y tA K , or we have the prettiest, best boigoms Iv y heie because E PROV­ 
IN brands I 
Matchless values for 
1oo% 
HANOI ET UP fiberglass 
C fctcision SERVICE (some shop fore mon over IO yeors Be s o M R tilA 
IOO, will do what s best for TOU). 
•Se# l l deals 
76 
51 CA IS. 
IV IM U D i OMC. 
(Bt K l UBI 8, 
(OHE 
GUSSMASTfR, 
((GATTA 
Meet or beet deals, S llV tC l is bonus 
•See NO Bt. Horn or plush 22ft upper controls, stand up SHOWER, 2 double bunk rooms w privacy cut toms, plus ab 
CAMP fish porch 
See l l streamlined CAHN. 21 opens MS or outboards, dowrtto 9ft ((moppers (NO 
AU boots do NOT need potty Model 
MSO unless head disc hun uiges, up An 
Coe ib be an cut t« po Itll mid Jon 24ft (OMA ty cabin 35IVI A 27' 2oohp fV M - 
IUDC outboard lauded 
•Used like new TI Chrysler I4f1, 
3Shp elec on hailer S895 (below btu# book) clean fast 
Others to S58oo, 
• A M rotes, /repay rn out penalty 
BARBERA SPORTS 
323 8 oadway at 4th PAIK (KE 
SO marine yeors in SA 22/211? 

DISCO UNT BOAT SALES 
Bos* boots, new gild Dem o s w ith new motors, trollers *54 OJUS k V IN R U Q E 4 hp motor k xcellent cond , Bt SD firm *28 1235 Ott*r 5 

USED 
TRAVEL 
TRAILERS ii h o l i d a y , ii t i A IR S T R E A M l l 
6v T W IL IG H T , JO' 
76 BO NANZA. 16’ 

 t r a v e l e r s w o r l d i n c . 
2*1/ R O O S E V E LT 
U2 bool 

HOLIDAY MARINA 

'74 i i ' k od ak Bass B ool, 
85M P 
M e rc i r y WI h c o w e r tr im , s u p e r m u to f guid e tro llin g m o to r. d e p th tin d e r. 
2 aer toted liv e weds, m any a i i es a o r ie s 
C u s to m d r iv e o n trader 
1 2 /8 /SIJ. Uvalde 

8o6 SPORTIME GOGOS 

Over 1ooo Guns to Choose F io m 
B U Y -S E L L -T R A D E 
Am encon Loon Co 227 1572 

8o8 HUN1ING & FISHING 

26o ACRES 
Dove. D eer Quo 
A love o$d C ount' 
I 569 3334 

4o A C R E S H I L L C O U N T R Y 
M a n y d e e r, t u r k e y , S99o d o e r p a y m e n t, *154.43 p e r m o O w n e r financed Col! 734 9363 
FOR S A L I 
S and W 
T T 
TO 
41 M a g 
$ 
S99MM IS shot, in box tra de 9? I 18*6 

1 58. TM. 
W m o d io e ach or 

L A R G E 
South Ti- iqs A fte r 6pm steel 

V o lk s w a g e n 1971 C om o e r V a n . 
A M FM , air conditioned, new paint. a ll a c c e ts o rie s in c lu d in g te n ts 
52275 
Consider trode 
824 6741. 
494 2/24 

W A N T E D hunting fease Group of 
San Antonio, business and P roles sionol men seek year round hunting lease in South Th u s , Peter Plum b. 
227 f i l l 
•6 Willis Jeepster wagon 327 cg. in 
I . 
F W D 
USO 
1 2 1 / 
Q u in ta n a . 
927 3211, 633 2o38 

81o MOBILE HUMES SAU 

S 
I A 
A 
I / 
A 
£ 
L O O K 
PRICED TO SEU 2 
^ S A V E REPO SAVE 

24 x48’ Double wide CHEROKEE 3 
J bedioorm, I both fully furnished with carpel. 

> 

 with appl lam ti, deliyered and set up and 

£oniy $8995 4 

AMERICAN MOBILE I ' 
MODULAR HOMES, INC. 
^ 
922-7191 922-o441 • 

 p r 
2 /3 o S.W. Military 
' 

 f P ' ' 
,! of ' . j , j go 
” ^ 
o T expenses paid with pur 
Z f chuse of mobile homes 
^ 
K/MikkiMXS 

CLEARANCE SALE! 

— W F’RE O PSN 
SUN DAY— 

W e 
Have to 
M ove 
4 o 
M obile Homes before fe b ­ ruary 1st, 
PRICES DRASTICALLY 
REDUCED! 
Near Wholesale Prices 
REDUCED THOUSANDS Of 

$ $ $ $ $ 
SUNSET MOBILE 
HOMES 
2762 S.W. MILITARY DR. 

W A N T E D 
Used M obile Hom es! 
CASH and FAST S E R V IC E ! 
M R M IL E S , 924 4231 
W E T A K E T R A D E INS, WE 
BUY U SED M O B IL E HO M E S 
CALL 
M A X 
924-4225 
W H Y 5 E T T L E F O R LE S S ? O ur 
M obile Hom es have F ire p la c e s ! 
Buckingham Homes. 658-2811. 
14x68 3 bedroom . 2 both furnished. 
$6995. 924 4226 
$3995. 14x4o 2 bedroom mobile home fully furnished, 924-4226 
61x14. 2 bedroom s, 2 full baths. New s c u lp to re d c a r p e t, la r g e p a tio cover. 661 6847; *61-4o37 

812 

CANYON LAKE 
E xtra large mobile borne lot. *14/5, 
$/5 down, 84 months at *21.83 APR 
8 o 
Call A Jones, 226 23o3 

FREE 
E very other month tree f i r I whole year. B uckingham V illcg e M obile 
Home P ork. 656 281 1. 
M O B IL E H O M E P A R K LOTS 
Rent *45. Mo. P HA approved 
Judson Ind. Schools 658-oo2? 
N E , S h a d y A c re s T r a il e r P k . fenced, store room , trees, *37.5o. 
Neor Windsor Pk. M all. 826-8766. 
N orthw est. SO x IOO m obile hom e space $39.5o per month. Free move to qualified renter. 684-2851 

TEACHERS 
The best tim e to buy land is between 
C h ris tm as and New Y e a rs . This 
Close In tract is only 15 minutes out 
Son P ed ro 
You can live in your mobile home or build conventional. 
This Is a huge wooded site on easy term s 
J C 
H O R TO N 
B roker, 
494 3419 

<m m 

1o1— Deaths 
ANIOL 
P eter John Arnot, Jr., Rf. t Box 87, 
Adkins, Texos, passed a w a y in a local hospital W ednesday, Jan. s, 
1977 a t the oge of 43 y e a r * . S u r­ v iv o r*: W ife, M rs . V e lm a A n io l; dnughters. G ail Diane and Colleen 
Deanna Arnot; m other, M rs. Peter 
J. Arnot, all of Adkins, sisters, M rs. 
Sophie C ran, Bagley, Lo. and M rs. 
E m m a Radtke, Seguin; num erous nieces and nephews. Rosary wilt be re c ite d rn A n n u n cia tio n C ath o lic 
Church in St Hedwig, F rid ay , Jan. 7 at 7: is p.m . Funeral Mass w ill fol­ low im m ediately w ith Rev. F ra n k 
Foster as Celebrant. Interm ent ser­ vices will be held at IO a.m . Satur­ d a y , J o n . 8, w ith b u r ia l in St. 
H ed w ig C a th o lic C e m e te ry . M r. 
A m a l w as a m e m b e r of Ir o n 
W o rk e rs L o c a l N o. 66. A r r a n ­ gements with 

Sri Err rat 

2 o o o So W W . W h ite IN 

IBI—Deaths 

LOT—Funeral Directors 

M . £ KOOUGUEZ 
FUNERAL HOMB 
Pro-Need Arrangements 
51? Guodolvpe 5». 
226-6111 

4 yr purebred, ' 
French Chorolms bull. 34c lb 655-/92o, 494 5442 

THE WARMTH OF 
PERSONAL ATTENTION. 

P o r t e r L o r in g 
M O R T U A R Y 

1 io i M c C u llo u g h 2 2 / 8 2 2 1 

K e p u ta tiu n 

 btm ed on d ig n ity 

 a n d g o o d taste. . . 
Max 

 m a r t i n e z 

 o ff e r in g 

Pre-Arranged funeral Contract* 

 funeral Insurance Felloes 
2 2 7 -6 2 8 1 

North Pork Mortuary 
7 3 4 - 5 3 1 3 
Chapel Hill Memorial 
Garden* 
6 5 5 - 6 4 1 1 

 p 
™ 
PRICED TO SIU y l 
L 
JI TTP F h xx, W tn * 
^ 
XI - 
I Sam *••„•.<. l,a*H 
Bkt. k«> amex a 
I wily uwatM lh*. 
' 
Crxiial bai. 

 la. 1 
$6666 ^ 
. IT IM Chaa.**. Bal... J kern I talk. I,mi Uttaa 
► am *** Killy lwra*.Kta vt* 
, *'<*•< (Ml, ai taal ata ae- , 

 s - r i z r . " * * * . u r n 
^ 
9 2 7 / 1 9 1 
9 2 2 o 4 4 1 
V 
27 JO S W Military 

’/? ACRE 
15 m in u te * N o rth o f N o rth S tar M o ll 
Oak tre e s , good soh. H ill C o u n try 
U t ilit ie s a v a ila b le . *2 195. *1 95 down, $4o 56 per m o n th tor 5 y e a r*, 
9 Jo in te re s t 
4V4 3419 or 34? ISO* 
L A K E C R O F T H E A L E STA TE 

A D D A R O O M , C ustom built any sue, deliveied, term s 921 434* 
ASSUME PA V M I tx TS, on 12xo5 3 bedroom, furnished vt* Hit 
B eryl s Mobile Hom e Center 
N E W and U S I D *51 *9*1 
14513 IM 35 NOR TH (Selm a E x it) 
C H E A M P U F F 19/4 bedroom fur location $87 

Serving your family with care and concern. 

T ^ d k e A A 

FUNERAL CHAPELS 

SIS NORTH M A IN A V IN U I 
226-72o1 

BARRERA 
Alfredo Roberto B a rre ra , fo rm erly of 3o7 N. Pecos St., died Thursday m orning at his hom e at 49o7 Tw in 
L a k e D r . S u r v iv o r s : 
B e lo v e d b r o th e r . A n to n io G . B o r r e r a ; beloved sister, V elio B a r r e r a de 
B ro w n ; b e lo ve d n ie c e , V e lla F. 
B a rrera de M edellin, all of San An­ tonio; and other relatives. R osary 
Sunday at 7 o'clock in the Georgian 
Chapel of the P o rte r L oring M o r­ tuary. Procession from P orter Lo r­ ing Chapel at 1:3o Monday to Mass at 2 o'clock at St. Joseph's Catholic 
Church (dow ntow n). In te rm en t in 
San Fernando Archdiocesan Cem e­ tery. Arrangem ents with 
Prater Loring 
1 to t M c C u llo u g h 227-6221 

COVER 
M rs. Robert J. (Lulu Jones) Cover. age 92, of San Antonio, passed aw ay in a local hospital F rid a y , Jan. 7, 
1977. She was born Dec. 12, 1884 in 
Adkins. Texas and had lived all her 
Ute in the San Antonio a rea . She was a m em ber of the P ortia Methodist 
C h u rc h . S u rv iv o rs : Sons, W . J. 
(B ill) and A. B. Cover, Son Antonio, a n d 
S te e le 
C o v e r, 
S e g u in ; d a ughters, M rs . J. E . (V ir g in ia ) 
B a rn h ill and M rs . Bobby (R u th ) 
Crow , San A ntonio; s isters. Mes dames Sadie Jones Shonn, Houston, 
Nett Jones Goodyear, B yrne Jones 
T e r r il! , 
R o y 
(T o m ) 
Jones 
Cham bers, San Antonio; sister in law, M rs. Roy (A lton) Jones, San­ dia, Texos; b ro th e r-in -lo w . A W. 
S w inebroad, San A ntonio; g ra n d c hildren, Connie C over Tessm an, 
Loury Cover, A. B. Cover it, Kay 
Cover Fo w ler. C h a rlie Bob C row , 
Joy Cover Sullivan, G ayle Barnhill 
3 3 7 -4 o 8 2 P alm e r, Jock C row . Susan C over 
_________ M ontague, 16 great grondchB dren: numerous nieces and neohgtag ond a host of very dear friends. Rjkvtces w ill be h e ld fro m th e D «$icecst 
Chapel Sunday, Jan. 9 a l S IM «km with Rev. Harold Zirkel ofl|fcW*nn 
The interm ent w ill follow ta Cvver 
C e m e te r y . P a llb e a r e r s : A lv in 
Tessm an. 
J r., 
Bill 
Fow ler, 
J r , 
Anthony P a lm e r, A. B. C over ll. 
Jock and C harlie Bob Crow In lieu of flo w e rs those w ho d e sire m ay m a ke c o n trib u tio n s to the C over 
C em etery Fund, P o rito M ethodist 
C hurch o r to the C h a rity of th e ir choice. Arrangem ents with 

BELL 
M rs. Otho Canton Bell, 82, life re ­ sident ot M edino, Tx. died T h u rs ­ d a y . She w as a r e tir e d s ch o o l te a ch e r, m e m b er of F irs t u n ite d 
M e th o d is t C h u rc h of M e d in a , m em ber O rder of E astern Star ot 
M e d in a S u rv iv o rs : S is te r, M rs . 
F a y e C a n to n K c e t e , M e d in a ; n u m e ro u s n iec e s a nd n e p h ew s . 
Service 2 p.m. Saturday, P lu m m er 
Funeral Chapels, Bandera, the Rev. 
C. H erm an M orph, officiating 
Bu­ r ia l O ak R est C e m e te ry . A r r a n ­ gements by 
P L U M M E R F U N E R A L C H A P E LS 
B A N D E R A , TE X A S 
BERRY 
M r. Roy A B erry Sr., *9, died Jon. 
6. Resident San Antonio 38 y ea rs and m em ber ol the Baptist Church 
Survivors: Sons, Roy A. B erry Jr., 
Jock C. B erry, and Louis C. B erry, all of San Antonio; daughter. Miss 
M orttio Louise B erry, Son Antonio; b ro th e r, T h o m a s J a m e s B e r r y . 
Kingsland, T e x.; sisters, M rs. V ir ­ g in ia M a r P r ic e , M r s . C e c e lia 
P rice, both of San A ntonio; eight g r a n d c h ild re n . S e rv ic e s I p m . 
Monday, Jan to Roy A kers Funeral 
Chapels w ith R ev. F o rre s t Sm ith officiating. G raveside services ond interm ent 3 p.m . M onday, Jan. IO. 
Pearsall 
Cem etery, 
P earsall, 
Texas. 

5 1 5 N o . M a in 
2 2 6 -7 2 o 1 

BROCKMAN 
M rs. Viola L. Brockm an, age 89, of 
IO? C learview D riv e, passed aw ay 
T h u rs d a y , Jon 6, 1977. F u n e ra l 
Services 2 p.m . Saturday in Mission 
Park Funeral Chapel. Interm ent to follow in Mission B urial Pork North 
Arrangem ents bv 

/Ck m ission p \ kk 
FUNERAL CHAPELS 
L U 
17oo S E M itrtary Dr 

Right n o w is a g o o d tim e 

 lo a s t foe o u r b o o tle i 

It $ fle e 
Just p h o n e 

2 2 7 - 3 1 3 6 

Riebe Saunders 
Chapels 

1119 hi S t M t r v t 

BRYANT 
M rs. H enry H 
(L y d ia M .) B ryant, daughter of the late M r, and M rs. 
W olfer C. M oore, of 23o W. Sum m it 
A v e ., d ie d F r id a y . She w a s a m e m b e r ot F ir s t P r e s b y te r ia n 
C h u r c h ; p a s t p r e s id e n t of th e 
W o m en of th e C h u r c h , J u n io r 
L e a g u e . P r o te s ta n t C h ild re n s * 
Home and Texas Childrens' Hom e 
Finding Society; honorary m em ber of Battle of Flow ers Association ond 
Laurel Heights G arden Club; Mis tress of the Robes tor Coronation tor the O rder ot the Alam o; past pre 
S id on! of T im e ly T o p ic s ; a n d m em ber of Fenw ick Club, D A R , 
M a g n a C h a rta D a m e s . N o tio n a l 
Society of Colonial Dam es ot Anier leo 
S u rv iv o r*: D a u g h te rs . M r * . 
John W 
B ro w n in g , Son A ntonio, 
M rs 
D onald T e st, D a lla s , T e x .; sister, M rs Douglas M cG regor, El 
Paso, Tex ; fiv e g ra n d c h ild re n ; 
(our g reat grandchildren. Service 
Saturday at I o clock in the G eor- gion Chapel a l the P o rte r Loring 
M ortuary, the Rev 
Louis Zbinden. 
Jr. and the Rev R ichard Ryan of 
(louting P riv a te interm ent in M is­ sion 
Burial 
P ark 
A rrangem ents with 
Rotter Loring 
1 lo t McC u l l o u g h 2 27 *221 

$#Urrr*t 

TOOO So W W W h it* Rd. 
3 3 7 -4 o 8 2 

LYONS 
M rs. Anno Lucille Lyons, age 77, ot 
5238 E v e n R d., died W ednesday. 
S u rv iv o rs : H u s b a n d . C ol. C. M 
Lyons, USA (R e t.); daugtitgr, M rs 
D orothy L u c ille C a n d o r* Sam A n­ to n io ; s is te r, L e o n a C a n e p B eil, 
S p rin g field , O hio; brother# O rlo n 
A llen. W a v e rly , O hio; ndm grous nieces and nephews. S crvlca M o n ­ day at I: is in the Colonial Cltapel of the P o rte r Loring M o rtu a ry , C ha­ plain John Bailey officiating In te r­ m ent in FL Sam Houston National 
Cem etery . A rrangem ents w ith 
• 
Porter Loring i ioi M c C u llo u g h 2 2 7 -U 2 1 
M ILLE R 
M rs Jessie L M iller, age 92, of 34o 
Natalen, died Thursday. She was a m e m b e r of St. P a u l’s E p isc o p a l 
C h u rc h . S u r v iv o r s : 
H u s b a n d , 
W aller G. M ille r; sister. M rs. P at 
W heeler. R ugby, E n g lan d ; niece. 
M rs. Ruth E m e n d ), Son Antonio; nephew, M r. Robert G raham slaw , 
A kron. Ohio. S erv ice M o n d ay of 
4 3o in the Colonial Chapel ol the 
Porter Loring M o rtu ary , the Rev 
Jo b * P. Dlinte ls officiating Those who dgsire m ay send m em o rial gifts to St. Paul * episcopal Church. A r­ rangem ents w ith 
Rafter Loring 
I ioi McCullough 227-8221 

ESCALERA 
In d a le c io H 
E s c a ie ra , of P oteet. 
Texas, passed aw ay in San Antonio. on Jan. 5, 1977 at the ope of 12 years. 
Survived by daughters, M rs. S. F. 
Acosta of San M ateo. C alif.. M rs. 
Ernest Soso; son. Juan N. Escaiera both ot San A n to n io , g ra n d so n s. 
M a rk a n d M ic h a e l S oso, J u o n , 
Robert, Rudy ond Ruben E scaiera, granddaughters, Sylvia Jones. Lin­ da ond M ary Ann Acosto. also tour great grandchildren M r. E scaiera had resided in Poteet. Texas and w as a m e m b e r of the S outhw est 
Texas Cattlem en * Association. Ro­ s a ry w ill be r e c ite d 7 :3 o p .m . 
F rid ay at B rookehill Chapel F u n ­ eral services w ill depart Brookehill 
Chapel al IO 3o o.m Saturday, tal­ lo w ed w ith M a s s o tte re d a t St. 
H e n ry's Catholic Church o l 11:oo a.rn with Rev Jas. Anthony Hayes, 
SMC officiating Interm ent w ill ta l­ low in Son Jose C em etery (P yron 
Ave I Arrangem ents with 

H ra a k tifiU 
BIOO So Horas 
9 2 3 -7 8 2 3 

162—C ard Bf Thanks 
Mpmorlum 

Unveiling for M rs. Jacob (M a ry ) 
H a r r is , M o th e r of R o b e rt ond 
S o rry . Agnel ax A chim M e m o ria l 
G arden, Austin Highw ay, 3:oo p m . 
Sunday, 
Jon 
9. 
Rabbi 
P rero oft ic latino 

The Fam ily of M rs Paulo Nm o So feta, who passed a w a t Dec. IS. 1974 give m onks to their m any friends ond relatives who accom panied us during our hour of sorrow, and ta those who ottered flow ers and don ations tar Masses tar our Beloved 
Wife and M other. 
Sm ear tty . 
The Nino a i d Sotelo Fam ily 
IM—t’nneral 

A N G E LU S F U N E R A L H O M E 
H E N R Y G U E R R A 
4o} W 
Houston 
227-1461 

& o u t1 tffo c 
FUNERAL H O M E 
63o1 S. FIORES 
9 2 2 - 6 3 3 9 
Job" M Crim**, Director 

PAPE 
M rs. Lydia Kocurek Pope, 7S, 67o1 
Blanco Rd., died Jan. 6, 1977. Post 
P resident Archdiocesan Council of 
Catholic W om en, Lady Com m ander with a Star ot Equestrian O rder of the Holy Sepulchre, M em ber Board of D ire c to rs St. P e te r’s A St. J o ­ seph's Hom e. R egina G uild, C ath­ olic Daughters of A m erica St. Anta o n y C o u rt N o . 214. M r s 
P o p e received a P apal D eco ration, P ro 
Deo et Jurentates tar her w ork w ith the C atholic Y outh O rg a n tia tio n . 
S u r v iv o r s 
D a u g h te r s , 
M r s . 
Fletcher R 
(D orothy A nni Veoch, 
M rs John (P a ls y ) Libby, Sod An tanto, M rs V in c e n t R 
(L o r e tto ) 
J a c o b s m e v e r, R iv e rs id e . C a lif.. 
M rs. Robert (B a rb a ra ) PaporgH a, 
Ft. Walton Beach, Fa .; son, Thomas 
J. Pope, Son Antonio; sisters, M rs. 
Julius (C la ra ) Polonsky, D im e Box. 
1 
T e x ., 
M r s . 
J o s e p h 
(A lb in o ) 
Polonsky, Caldwell, Tex.; brothers. 
Lew is K o c u re k, D im e Box, T e x .. 
, 
George Kocurek. Caldwell, Tex , 22 g ra n d c h ild re n ; tw o g re a t g r a n d ­ children; num erous nieces and ne­ phews. Moss l l a m. S aturday, St. 
P a tric k 's C ath o lic C h u rc h , l i t e 
Willow St., Rev. M sgr. M ichael G 
McM anus, celebrant. P allbearers 
Patrick Pope, Arnold J. Kocurek, 
J r., Louis J. K o c u re k, J r., D a vid 
K ocurek, Thom as K o c u re k, Jodv 
K o c u re k. H o n o ra ry p a llb e a re rs . 
Louis J. Kocurek, Arnold J. Kocur ek, Euqene P ope, R ic h ard Pope 
Entom bm ent Holy Cross Cem etery 
Mausoleum . A rrangem ents bv 

Z liik*K eam s 
Dawning KArCUugtwx I y 
1322 N. St Mary's 
227 -2 2o 4 

PERR Y 
M R 
R O B E R T B E R 
N A R D P E R R Y . 127 
B e n i D r ., b o rn in 
T e n n e s s e e J on 
28, 
1899, entered nest Thursday, Jan. 6, 
1977 of m e age of 77 yeors. 
S E R V IC E S 
S A TU R D A Y — IO OO A M 
ALAIMO C H A PE LS with Rev. Sedbocn K iker officiating and interm ent to follow in Mission 
B u r ia l 
P o r k , 
So. 
S u r v iv o r s : 
D a u g h te r -ih -to w . M r s . V iv ia n 
Power, granddaughter. Lynn Ruth 
Power, City. grandsons, W illiam M 
Power. III. Springfield, M ass.. John 
R Pow er, Dallas, Texos, Jam es M 
Pow er, Springfield. M ass.; sisters. 
M rs G eo rg e E d w a rd s , W h itn e y . 
Texas, M rs. John P o ster, Fu lto n , 
Texas; brother, M aurice M P erry , 
D allas, Texas, several nieces and nephews. M r. P erry was a m em ber of St M ork's Methodist Church, was the first President ot the S A Motor 
Court Assn , w as E xe c u tive V ice- 
President ol Texas M otel Assn tar 
IO years and has been a resident of 
Son Antonio tar m c past 48 yeors 
Services under the d irec tio n of a m em ber of The Lelon Code F am ily of 
/JU 
228-8751 
N. Atom# at I tei Ug 

ROENSCH 
M rs . B urns (F lo re n c e ) Roensch, age 77, of IHM w Hildebrand, ated 
Friday S urvivors. Husband, B urn* 
R oensch, d a u g h te r, M s. P a tric io 
F lo ren ce P o u lk , F t. L a u d e rd a le , 
FIO.; sitters. M s. W ynn Tuten, M r* 
M ar eld Adicks; brother. Buck Tu ten. oil of Jasper, Fla Service Sa­ turday at 2 o'clock in th# Colonial 
Chapel of the P o rte r Loring M o r­ tu a ry , D r. C alvin W F ro e h n er of­ f ic ia tin g . In te r m e n t in S u n s e t 
M e m o rt-' P ork. A rrangem ents w ith 

Hitter Loring 
/ . i o i M c C u llo u g h 2 2 1 1 2 2 1 

IM—Florists^FU)wers _ 
LITTLE FLOWER: SHOP 
New Location 2oo5 N 
Z a rio m o ro 
Open Sundays. 73S-4222 
733 1314 
Displays SSup Casket Sprays *2oup 
Roses A rrangem ent t i * D oien 

BrimkthiU 
/ l l S E 
M ilita ry 
>23-7*23 
Wuk fille 
•o56 Fredericksburg Rd 694 /111 

 f i r i l ( r r f ! 
2ooo S. W W 
White Rd 22/-4oM 

P u l t n t i r t g i t f j i 
JZH Se. Z o rio m o ra 
926 4548 

AMERICA'S FINEST FUNERAL FACILITIES 

A l 

*71 H allm ark 2 bedroom . FT bath, portiully tarnished 5*9oo *53 2884 
M O B IL E H O M E TO W ING 
R E A S O N A B LE ■ 922 7221 
M O B IL E O F F IC E T R A IL E R I ? / 1 
OyRose. I? *44 , J room s and both w ith c e n tra l a ir c onditioning a nd butane lank 545oo E xcellent condi­ tion 655-3361 

\iamo 
FUNERAL HOME 

211 Brooklyn at N. Alamo 

 c c 
5 
“ 
5 x 
3 
■ 

J ( i£ jL J jjn C iu L 'O io id f 

SELL 
OT 
NOW 

W ith U tx re b ates n o w in m o s t h o m e s , it'* th e p e rfe c t tim e to fin d a cash b u y e r fo r th a t rid in g m o w e r y o u t>o to n g er use! 

A n d it '* e a s y ) Just c a ll us to d a y a nd w e 'll p u t y o u r lo w -cost ad in p r in t. 

F o r e x tr a cash, sell th a t m o w e r , . . n o w ! 

Cal! 225-1666 

INSIDE THIS SECTION: 
Want Ads 

• EMPLOYMENT • ANNOUNCEMENTS 
• BUSINESS DIRECTORY 
• FINANCIAL 
• BUSINESS OPPORTUNITY 
• EDUCATION 
• MERCHANDISE 
• LIVESTOCK 
• PUBLIC A LEGAL NOTICE 
• AUTOMOTIVE 
• RECREATIONAL 

SEE THE -GOLDEN TWINS” FOR A U REAL 
ESTATE, RENTAL AND MOBILE HOME AOS 
World ® 

S a tu rd a y Ja n u a ry 8 1 9 7 7 
'* \ 
Thousands visit huge auto plant 

DODGE’S customized w arlock pickup truck features real oak sideboards. O ak buttons cover screw heads to give the sideboards an all-oak exterior 
Dodge finds wood som ething special 

SPACIAL TO THS EXPRESS-NEWS 
DETROIT — When Dodge truck purchasing people start­ ed to buy the oak for the side­ boards of the new W arlock pickup trucks, they soon found out that wood is som ething special. 
I f s not like m a n u fa c tu re d p ro ­ d u cts, such as ste e l, ru b b e r and plastic, that m ake up the bulk of their purchases. Since very little wood is used in today’s trucks, they had ai­ rn o«l no ex p erien ce in buying the m aterial. 
By the tim e they had lined up en­ ough top q u a lity oak for a run of 
Warlock models during the 1977 m o­ del year, the purchasing people were glad they w eren’t on the lob 5o years ago. 

"If you don't buy up the oak when it is available, you can miss the b o a t' 
• 
IIM 
I " 
...— 
- 
In those days when wood w as used extensively in car and truck produc­ tion, it was purchased by the boxcar load — as many as l(M) of them at a time. 
“ What we needed only am ounted to two or three railcar loads," explained 
Bernard F Knotek, m anager of truck and equipm ent planning for Chrysler 
Corporation’s U.S. Automotive Sales 
Division. 
"However, since we were dealing with a product of M other N ature, we had to be careful with our planning. 

"If you don’t buy up the oak you are going to need when it’s available, you 

 can m iss the boat. Once a m ill is sold out, it may not be able to ship you any oak for another two or three months. 
" T h e re is no w ay you can w ait three m onths for parts to come out of the pipeline and still m eet the truck in d u s try ’s m a ss p ro d u ctio n schedules." 

Slats for W arlock sideboards are milled to the proper size. After a de­ corative pattern is cut in the slats, they are attached to the stakes which will link them to the cargo boxes of 
D-1oo and W-1oo pickups from Dodge. 

Slats are attached to the stakes with m etal screw s. Oak buttons go over th e screw h ead s to give th e sideboards an all-oak exterior. F in ­ ishing the wood is the final step be­ fore the sideboards are installed. 

SPECIAL TO THE EXPftESS-NEWS 
DEARBORN, Mich. — The 
Ford Motor Ct). Guest Center here is a national crossroads and an international mecca as visitors arrive daily for a tour of the famous Rouge manufac­ turing complex. 
B usloads of Boy Scouts from Du­ buque, sari-clad Indians from Cal­ cutta. a babe in arm s from Detroit, and a folk dance troupe from Russia ty p ify the v a rie ty of p eo p le and g roups that daily converge on the 
Guest Center. 
The m ajority of these visitors come from M ichigan, nearby sta te s and 
C anada, but a larg e n u m b e r also com e from M a s sa c h u se tts. New 
York, C alifornia and Florida. More than H.(MM) visitors annually come from Japan, Israel, India, Great B ri­ tain and Germ any. 
All ages 

What draw s people of all ages, in­ te re s ts , and b a c k g ro u n d s to th is place? 
“ M ainly, the opportunity to view the dynam ic developm ent of tile au­ tom obile as it evolves, step-by-step, from molten steel to a quality-tested' c a r," says Special E vents M anager 
David Dowling. 
The Guest Conter becom es the gateway to that opportunity, ll is in addition an advance attraction with its scores of interesting faces to be seen But perhaps m ore im portant to travelers — it is the w aystation to the 
Rouge. 
On arriv in g at the G uest C enter, which is located across from Henry 
F ord M useum and G reen field V il­ lage. visitors are asked to sign in at one of the registration pedestals lo­ cated about the main lobby. 
In the brief wait for the next tour bus, guests have an opportunity to get behind th e wheel of the latest 
Ford car and truck models, follow the history of Ford cars on a video-tape player, or view the com pany s D ear­ born test tra c k from an a ttrac tiv e display balcony. 
Tourist facility 

T his com fortable and inviting set­ ting has more than fulfilled the pur­ pose for which it was built in 1974. In fac t, D ow ling c re d its th e G uest 
C enter with boosting the num ber of sum m er visitors by 2o per cent d u r­ ing its first year. 
A m odern brick and g lass stru c ­ tu re, the G uest C enter rep laces to som e ex ten t th e h isto ric R otunda which was destroyed by fire in 19o2. 

VISITORS watch as Ford w orker prepares to unite the body of a M ustang ll with its chassis on the assem bly line 
It had served as Ford s tourist fa­ cility for popular seasonal exhibitions as well as the Rouge tour al varying tim es since 1936. 
The first Rouge tour was taken in 
1928, when 32 persons were allowed to v isit F o rd ’s D e a rb o rn A ssem b ly 
P lan t and o th e r fa c ilitie s th en standing on the banks of the Rouge 
River. 
Fifty years later, over six million people had ta k e n th e to u r of th** l,2(Mi-acre complex and its extensive operations. 
A typical tour b e g in s with a free bus ride from the Guest C enter to the 
Rouge complex. 
During this short trip, young tour guides o r v e tera n g u e st re la tio n s 

 representatives d escrib e Ford faci­ lities seh‘11 along the way. 
They relate historical and statisti­ cal facts about Ford and the Rouge complex. 
O nce th e to u r b u s is in sid e th e 
Rouge gate, visitors get an overview of th e v ast co m p lex : n u m e ro u s plants, hung blast furnaces and coke ovens, w arehouses and storage bins, and m o u n d s of iro n o re p e lle ts against m iles of train cars and rails, acres of p ark in g lots and m assiv e ships unloading th eir carg o in the 
Rouge Boat Slip. 
The first stop on the two-hour tour is the com puterized Hot S trip Mill 

See ASSEMBLY, Page i 

A U TOM OTIVE MMXLAY*- 
AUTOMOTIVE Mltl i y 
— 
. 
A U T O M OTIVE I 

SPIRES DOUGLAS BUICK’S... 

 j 
$4975 

___ 
( u . THI*. IMM U . 

• FA C TO R Y AIR 
• A U TO M A TIC TRA N SM ISSIO N 
• PO W ER FR O N T DISC BR A KES 
• TINTED G LA SS 
• DELUXE W HEEL C O V ER S 
• TILT WHEEL 

STK. #A6631 

• CAR PET S A V ER S 
• D O O R EDGE G U A R D 
• SPO R T W HEELS 
• R AD IAL W H ITEW A LL TIRES 
• FR O N T A REAR CAR PETIN G 
• A M R AD IO 
• ‘ ‘FREE SPIRIT” O R N A M E N T A T IO N A STRIPING 

Many To Choose From With Additional 
Equipment and Similar Discounts 

Ll IIH 
IID/WSI 
44 l f 

 b t l bJtfJL 
PIUS. 
OO 

•‘ ‘INVOICE A M O U N T ” 
A S DESCRIBED O N 
FA C TO R Y INVOICE. 

W i l l t i l 
*4oo 
FACTORY REBATE 
THRU 
JANUARY 31 
SPIRES DOUGLAS BUICK ck ald tiadctcoet wifti ct h€U> j/kcicf 

5o1 BROADWAY...R IG H T DOWNTOWN 
\ 
2261361 

» 
« 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Saturday January 8 1977 

 f autom otive 
I 
C i t ) 

S tN iR A l AUTO 

 m m r 

GENERA?. AUTO 

REPAK 

 keep t h a t Gi~ea i c.vu p i*! u h . 

 w it h Genuine c m p an s 

'A 

SERVICE SPECIAL 

GET FPONT-END 
ALIG N M EN T 
AT TO M BENSON 
CHEVROLET 

" " r o n m n d " ' 
ALIGNMENT 
SPECIAL 

$ 

A H 
A 
|T 
Help* save wear and tear 
I 
M j j J ) on your car's tires and 
I front-end components. 
I 
Helps your car to handle 
■ the way it wos built to da. 
Gat Th a f Great fa rtin g 
W ith Genuine GM Ports 
OFFER EXPIRES JAN. 31, ’77 
OFFER EXPIRES JAN. 31, ’77 

• SERVICE H O U R S • 
M Q M D A Y -S A T U R D A Y 7 A M -7 P M 

■HEVRBLET A COMPLETE AUTOMOTIVE WORLD] 

L O O P 4 1 o N O R T H a t S A fcl P E D R O 
141-3311 

WANUD-AUTOS, 
TRUCKS, TR AHLERS 
MOTORCYCLES 

Cosh tor Cleon to rs and trucks. 
Lar» v Cannon Auto Sale-, 
SMP Son Pedro____________ h?h-63S5 
CHRISTIANS Need Truck tor Go soel Work in T orreon M exico. 
648 2635 or 661 4723 
COMET 24 MR TOW SERVICE 
We buy lunk c ars auv loo cash! 
433-54o1, 6o/ S Gen McMullen 
'43 Coryell Pick Up Good Condition 
S5So. 648 3o4/ Clite! 6orn____________ 
■54 Lord Pick Up Orglnal. N e * En ame. Excellent Body. Prim er, New 
Tire* 341 o378 
’4o OMC Pickuo standard, good motor good tires new oalnt, $375 
2o8 Hotly St. 
________________ 
Tudor Wool wonts to buy cor for per­ sonal use $3,ooo to SS,OOO Replies kept confidential Rooty to Express 
Box 2 
4 
2 
4 
. _________________ 
MORE CASM FOR JUNK CARS 
TRUCKS ETC 
923-4422 
BAXTER SALVAGE. 1223 Qumtana 
PAV Tiff PRICES for wreck ad cars. and trucks. A i 
A«ifo Porn. o 2 ton i Part*. JO-t 
- s e T n w c r 
„ 
YOUR CAR * 
H x-orleas oatd tor clean C a rs 
Trucks etc. 2o-1342____ ________ 
T H R E E H O N D A S FO R SALE 
U K E NEW ' 76 XR75. 76 CT9o. 75 
S5oCB-4 untfer OOO miles en Bust otter! CALL .HI-5/o3 or 665 4o52 
TOP DOLLAR! FOR JUNK CARS, 
TR U C K S , 
SC R A P, 
125 M IL E 
RADIUS SAN ANTONIO 342 51o1 

USED MRS-CLEAN smith a m ir 
122) BROADWAY_________ 223 UBI 
YAMAHA MOTORCYCLE 1973, 17 5 
HP excellent condition, SJW With 
Helm et 
77* 5124 before Sd m . 

9 o? 
M o to rc y c le s S cooters 
73 BMW R7S-S Very clean! HUSO 
Con b* seen of 2o27 Rigsby Coll 
424-2143 Ofter 4 
*72 CB ISI Mondo extra tank runs 
WON $5oo 459 1647 
TI E U R O P E A N L E V E R D A 75o 
I I M , CALL 494-2951 
B a ra n i Moped excellen t t great City bike 
733-5874 824 6o7o eves 
•75 HARLEY DAVIDSON SLH full dress 7oo mi $ ‘ 195 w illtak, trode 
7-o938 734-3553 r n tass?.. 
7SMC 

L E Y DAVID S O N 12oo, 1971 
WI COM 923-o78o 
7$ H U N D * Cf*. 36o T, 17oo miles 
L ik e new 
Bes) o tte r 
3223 
HOWARD, A ft 33 826-7691 
' n HONDA mo-FOUR fu lly mild ed. wmdlbmmtjt, air horns, saddle bog. helmet $135o FIR M 696 o764 otter s________ 
MONDA 75o Good condition Coll 

74 MONDA MT 75o, 2$$o mi mint 
Condition. $575 or uest otter 684 o6o$ 
HON UA OF SAN ANTONIO 
57o6 Mobud *84 3667 

TKUfXS-TRAIUK^ BUSESL5>@- 

ALAMO WHITE TRUCKS 
816 PROBANDT 
________ 274 2)31__________ 
ARMY TRUCKS 
All Wheel Drive All Sues 
BR A U BACH E quip 736 !6S9 
ASSU M E 
P A Y M E N T S , 
‘T i 
RANGER XLT, 4 wheel dr loaded. 
924-5626 
BY 
O w ner 
’71 
FO R D 
'lio n 
Standard LWR air, $995 658-8165 
75 CHEVROLET pickup with HD springs and romper shell Excellent shope Atter 6 pm 65/ 1)9(3 
7o CHEVROLET pickup LWB VB, auto power steering 
$125o 
648 oo21 
75 CHEVROLET I ton crew m b 
Dual wheels with camper Loaded 
Ask for Sonny work K l 424), nile* otter 5 pm 655 39/3 
1975 Chevrolet Van CIO Auto air. power Must sacrifice Call: Don 
Yarborough, 222-661) l t/4 Chevrolet I wheel drive pirkup 
' j ton Custom DeLuxe 35o VS, ou to , a ir, pow er steering, power brokes 1345o 661-4261 
76 CHEVY BLAZER Loaded, Im- mnculole' 577oo Coll 349 1443. 
73 CHEVY Camper Special s. ton, 
VS, QUIP. Qir, power $24oo 735 o321 
75 CHEVY c to Custom Deluxe, large 
6. standard oir 
$32o<) 
3497674 
1974 C h e w Cheyenne Super Ii) 
Loaded 
Im m a c u la te 
M ust sacrifice. Coli 
Don Yarborough, 
111 8611 
•73 C H E V Y C H E Y E N N E N ton pickup Looded M int condition 
5285o 533 337o 
7$ CHEVY DELUXE pickup rcy! standard 
. ton 8 tied, 19.ODO mi 
Air radio, perfect! $33oo Marshall, 
634 5418 E ves 226 7o64 
74 CHEVY LUV 
Make otter 876 3494 
73 CHEVY Luv Pickup 
I-owner, low mi 8?H 24o7 ___ 
1971 Chevy pickup truck Custom “j ion, aula 
$189$. Ask tor Woody. 
433 1448 
66 C H E V Y P ickup V e ry good cond stand * S6oo 333 84o9 
*73 C h o w pickup 
P o w er, a ir radons tow mi 
Sell tro de tor smaller truck, cot 492-9962, 
53 Ch e VY Pickup * standard, good < audition 344- 246,: 
*4 Chevy step van good condition, 
$795 116 Blue Slur 226 6236 
6S CHEVY $TEP VAN I Ion good running condition S49S. 734 2553 of 
7)2*o9o 

74 CHEVY super Cheyenne, load ed Call 341 9412 
*72 CHE V Y -. ton pickuo Out. power an . S225U 734 7231 
116 
1974 Chevy 1 j tim von $3295 
Blue Star 225 5736__________ 
72 Chevy $x ton Van 
Standard, radio ........................C S M 
TOM BENSON IMPORTS 
95oo SAN PEDRO 
341 133* 
74 CHEVY >i I on. VS. outo . power, factory air, very low m» Like new 
5339S. WHI trode 923-IM3. 
43 CHEVY 2-Ion with *7, 4 ryl 2So motor 14' enclosed aluminum box 
Bestower 633 2577 atter lo a rn 

*74 HO NDA 75o Super Spurt, 4oo mi 
In w arra n ty . steno 654 o*s9 
_ 
77 HONDA X I 25o, good condition, 
$395 342 7229 
______________ j o t H A R R ISO N h o n d a 
Soles-Ser vice-Parts 
IACI BRO A D W A Y________ 124 9694 
"74 Kuwosaxi 9o dirt bike. I ow ner, clean, low im $2SUco*h 394 2)7? 

’76 K A W A S A K I 9oo 
Imniui gip ie t audition Si /VS 
N o rth w o o d Porsche A u di 
1324 NE Loop 41o __ 824-3214 
74 K A W A S A K I 9oo 
32oo miles, 2 matching helmets, crash bor, tug ra c k c u s to m s e a t 
$ 2295 
F e e - drtcksourg 517 997 5768__________ 
Like new 74 KZ 4oocc Kawasaki 
IMO 344-o955 between 7 IRM 
M X 5 P E C I A I 
M U S K Y * 
1975, 
36oct $85o 1976. 25oCC. $95o Bored, polished ond purled by P C Racing 
451 197/ Otter * p m 
'74 Rn* 25o Sxi/un' Exte'ieni Condi lion $86o 
74 Husky . Ii CR M u g 
Clean, $5oo j 44 9*J3 34? 6248 
SAN A N T O N IO CYCLE SALES 
KAWASAKI sales. Service. Ports 
313 NAKOMA_____________ 494 5754 
73 SU ZU K I 55o. Low mileage fair tr y n * 
E x c e tle n t c o n d itio n 
I 42* TI l l , after ; jo pm 

‘47 Chevy Truck with compel shell 
19*9 V I m otoi, clean runs good 
$65o lino Lytle, I 7/2 3)9o 

 mg I 
Si 2oo 
SUZUKI 74', PM 125 Like new, ridden $ hrs $75o 534 2535. 9 lo 6 
3 W HEELER, $13oo 
337-7914 eyes, weekend*. 
*7$ YAMAHA eSO' 
49o*718, 
HOOD 
C A H 

1971 Y AM AHA T * soO, fully dee* sea 
7,ooo int Showroom condition 5996 
448 I 793 lf74 Yomaho YZ8o 
317 5 Hortline 

So6 • T re s and A c c e s s o r.____ 

A M E R I C A N 
Precision m ags, 
<2)1o (2)8 ' (2JNT L*3 tires SIM 
474*5oo_________________________ 
AUTO PAINTING 
Atte body work al reasonable rates. 
Coll tor tree estimate 4J‘ *- ..-2 
19$; C h i v y n o m a d f a r V V 
C A U 738-7248 

74 CHEVY VAN CWB V8, power auto an 
AM PM lope. custom in fi nor 6S6 1857-, anytime 
69 CHEVY VAN so nr ool fully cor 

 answei 

8 a u to c with bold m 
VI 
-6 a tte! 
Hi lit 
75 CHE VY EWO VAN 
79 OOO m iles, pow er fle e brokes 
$46oo 
New 
Biol 
I 629 1968 

*75 D A T S U N Lon g B ed p ic k u p 
Factory air, mags, clean- $2»oG 
659-1341 
DATSUN I IC MJP. 1,74 E mr < y 
<<•-e> tour speed o*r radio, mneage 
Excellent 
Condition 
684 5oo? 

76 DATSUN PIC K U P , 1278oo mi excellent $775o *$ j 4o1o 

73 Dodge d u n Cot 

I 8, 42 Go " «ox 'lot t le i lf IC Brokes < tfi ids N. w Tues- I 
Con $4)6, c.’ I iv ,16 
'73 Duane Club Cli! 

1 « Up j. AT Ai 
- 1 Sn 

 lido *84 8225. 

 ton, auto nice 1 48i 216! 

48 DODGE Coronet 4 cyt . auto mr. power steel mg $7oo 45* 2o!) 
‘ 73 Dodge M a x i v « n c o n v e n e d 1 stand un carrs ne, t i . soh assi ft,/ t i DODGE Pickup. 
Call 341 9412 ton togaed 

If72 Dodge pickup Made ofter Ash tor Woody, 433-144o 
'62 DODGE- Pickup, slant 4 , *395 
*41 3oo4 441*741 
______ 
74 DO DG E 
R A M C H A R G E R 

4 wheel dr 4,ooo m l Like Hew 
■ (idea Sn RHI 656 o3o6 i t DODGE 
, Ion" H p Ire-, k 
A i 

I i high 
Otter 6, 
‘et Chevy truck engine, arcs needs assembly. $12'. 
344 o688________ ___________________ 
'41 COME T Must se ill Runs, ar tor parts (Falcon interchange J 
65 
M USTANG pa rts J if. O U I ____ 
3$'f "Co 
S T mon u iu tlu re d F O R D 
Short Blues $7oo 874 4169________ 
E n g ia e i 
SOO Co in. M uslanp, 23o 
CU In Chevy 152 CU in Ford E rum 
$95 to SISO exchange 927 1211 or 
433-2o3o___________________ 
GOOD USED ENGINES FARTS 
BAXTERS SALVAGE 
1227 Q m n lu n o 923 4 4 2 2__ 

 ii*ag$ "jA n seri Cht-V yrs Sr ©It., V 2, 
Cheap Coli J3J H it 

M a rq u e tte Chaine Anon ret with scope and roller rob me! SUO jim m e r steam cieunci perfect tondi 
•ton 4 month old saOO 276 412* ut 
444*2o3 
TI PLV MOU T h PA RTS 
REASONABLE 1 332 aSdfe 
4 TIR E S c'/B xls‘> a iy c -,le •' e . i i i 

SOI Incfcsltaerai) 

' ADAMS TROCK CO.1'.. 
N E W and U S E D 
TR U C K F A R TS 
M U R O O S E V E L T 
SJJ SKH 

 p .,* Cr bl 

 av DI doe f nd c oil 
T i DODC 

'74 G O O G ! 
VA N 
New tru lls dutch AM E 74 8 track $,9oc Se linos liquate* urn* JJT/ *4o exes weekends 
ORIVE IN I RUCK SA LVAGE' 
PICKUP TRUCK PARTS 
Lore-jo Hwy r n *551. 9? 3 651 
•7* o u r haver Mi 
A M I M 

. Y Che*re,I 

", 

'to e l Ca m in o , en power, must sen. 4»4 4o24 
_______ m C r A M l S © r lassie ell'1'po w e " t e c le r y a ir , c a m p e r tu p 
E x ir a clean, f ly * * f#*« tm awe m g a* ado 
Die 274441o 
74 EL CAMINO CLASSIC 
I ooded. extra clean i awner 
47*75 226 471* *74 I t l l 
T T T 

75 I 
SJV sd. 

CS 
4 $8 79*o uttr ' 
T . 

73 E t C A M IN O 
OWN! m 6 ‘ i 2nvI 
76 t «a la r «i 
I en* too de?, sacrifice 44 rev 433 7497 
Sir >411 r n m r a s t--! 
- k T m f t reconditioned new un rn' ana floors 
Kerrville, 
Is 
1-25 7 8 533 or 
1194-423o 
FOR O T R 
-sn V T ro n x/.t.gn w ith mony extras Si4oo. 995-3)91 

'7 7 C M 
C i 
^ a a e e B m B S S M EEL^fc' b * 
- ^ r S L ,.- 
* \ a il AL 
.« * w v 

W H E E L 
- I 1 

C A B A M D ^ ^ f e l f 
. 
C H A S S I S 

2 8 TO 
CHOOSE TROM! 

T IN D A L L a n d S O N P o N T I A C G M C 
39oo Son Pedro 
736-1561 

. 
SF 

 t i 

T m flw m 

 r n 

 g 
. — 

NEW 76 SCOUT Pick up TERRA , #154SS *5829 

NEW 77 SCOUT ll #1539S..............................*5759 

NEW 77 SCOUT ll 4x4, #1569S ....................*66o5 

MANY MODELS TO CHOOSE FROM! 
^ 
WE ARE SCOUT SPECIALISTS 
^ w 
TEST DRIVE ONE TODAY! 
W 

Rents T^n V llv o l h Scout Dealer 

132 BALCONIES NOETH 
733 -2 1 43 
UH IR-IO at Wonderland 

FLASH...North Star Dodge cuts m as on all trucks! 
MAND NEW '76 DODGE D-2oo 
3/4 TON NCKUF 

A 
STEAL 
* 4 3 4 3 

131" w heal base. 318 O D V -8 rag. gas, autom atk, tim ed glass, HD radiator, all direct reading gauges, dual low mount mirrors, 8 .o o x 16.5 6 -ply tires (5 ), inside head release with convenience package. 
Ix c e lle n f for la w in g vehicle or sm all comps*. # 8 6 4 3 . 

NORTH STAR DODGE 
7242 San f m d f 
341-2251 

75 -L U V 
PICKUP 
4-speed, radio, a ir conditioned. 
Camper shell 
S285 
TOM BENSON IMPORTS 
95oo SAN PEDRO 
141-1356 
^ 
MACK R6oo. Tri plex, twin screw 927-4561 l l MAZDA 1, Ion. 4 cyl. 4-speed 
Irons., radio, heater, xcephonally dean $1795 Win trade 923-2883 
69 
M O D E L 
C 
O 
W H IT T 
F RE IGH TLI NE P, *N71 DETRO IT, 
4x4 transmission, single axle Ex cedent condition. $*ooo. See at Cen trot M oving and Storage, 115oo 
NORTH LOOP RD 
New and Used Bum pers 
Light weight lo heavy duty. For all siies 
OI pickup trucks 924-6551 2o2 New 
Laredo Hwy. 
(3) NEW 77 FORD CARGO VANS. 
Call Dan Yarborough, 222-8611 
PICKUP S •63 s thru '74'$ 
RILE Y AUTO SALES 
3312 COMMERCIAL 
927-775o 
•Th Postman type JEEP 7o.ooo nu excellent cond 
514oo 
653 6)5o; 
1111249__________________________ 
75 RANCHERO Loaded Would like older frock in trade. 435-OJ78 
67 RANCHERO VS, standard runs perfect $595. 714-o515 
'76 
R A N G E R 
X L T , pick up payments call 924-5626 
SCHOOL Highway Diesel Buses 
23o1 NOGALITo5 
534-6711 
•76 SILVERA DO SB Owner AM- 
FM stereo, topedeck, air, power. 
Like new! $53oo 681 1o84 
Toke over payments on my 1971 
Cnevrolet pickup. Ask for Woody, 
433 1448 
Take over payments on 74 Chaw pickup No eauitv Call 824-o9)8 ask tor Fred, Atter 7 922-7757 
>975 T rail Duster 4-wheel drive, 
53695 Ask for woody, 433 1468 
72 TRANS STARn good shape all equipment. Priced right 824 2777, 
655-9538 
IOO USKO TRUCKS and 
TRAILERS IN STOCK 
CHARLIE S TRUCK PARTS 
628 1o16 
VANS Pimps 
'n Ford window Von, loaded $2595 
73 OMC V B auto 
SI 
72 Ford oStd 
$' 
7? Dodge * Sid 
. 
$ 
75 Ford RH&A 
5, 
74 Chevy Cheyenne, loaded . Si 
’73 Ford A auto 
$ 
162.) S W MIL! TARY DR. 

VANS W A N T E D ! 
*83) S FLORES_________ 923-4211 
‘63 VW Bus Good Condition, New tires $725 CALL 736 355o 

* USED TRUCKS * 
1972 
1975 

1972 
1972 
J967 v n t ¥ I speed 
1968 FORD IHiwV, l.N, 
HEMPHILL MCCOMBS FORD 
TRUCK CENTER 
4721 W. Commarce at Contra! McMullen 

Cat! Bob Clarkson ar Wally Hcndtrson • 415-4o71 

E n o n fc!,9*# ‘•■ k na* I rod or JAI V-8, 
■ w V a U pc war Hooting, air brakes. Sib wheel. 

 n n n r c 
* ,ofl ^ 
44o V 4 > *■*•- 
U V J U U E aw tk, pewer sfeermg, air roe ditioead, ta m e control 
DODGE JLT c"“ s,‘ v4 
FORD f 35o, o a t ton cab and chassis, 36o V- 
CHEVY 12 >*f"9*Ta,td Von'366 v*-S 2 
FORD f-25 o Custow Pickup, S M V-8, air can- 

'74 F O R D C lo tte r P icku p win camber, *2o9$ trode 342 3o93 t i FORD COURIER PICKUP Air, ted with black interior Sam ite#, 
121oO 39 OOO m r 64' 4261 weekdays 

74 DATSUN Pickup am im. air, mw im. good cond 533oo 343 * 3*4 

73 FORD COURIER 
P !. * ut 
51*89 

HE M P H ILL M C OM BS 
FO R D SOOT m c p o s e 
IVO i s a Military v?7*317 
74 FORD t.-nnei.-H ,1)H. oil f.jr 
Deled fu ll, aa. lipp ed 
5*5oo 

T iT o a O f SM VAH VB~aok> S r, lier en a am Best utter *84 o483 
M f 6 r 6 C X F L S R ii'iw B 
/io n pickup lo a d e d E x tra clean 
Socr.ttc,* $27,o i i i 33/o 
FSRO I9T4 E'xr-arer 
, ton F-.lly mot eo WHI hew 'in an er Call John 
7l l o9»o 
71 FORD F 35o C US TOIA 
I ten dual wit- *H. hi, bcd Pawor brake*, steertne an 4*9 V I . auto a-.men ack bileh Looks amt runs exceitt ni 
By owner »i'75 Segom l J 7 I*t|9 otter * wgr kaoys 
73 FO R I) F -IOO, E x p lo re r 
V I, power steering, brakes air. rear bumper, cab hi sn«n very dean 
Marvin's Texaco, Hwy 2*1 Blanco. 
Tex I 11X33-4413 n m 
F TSO— 
L«'ja«rd, coll >41 *4(2 
E O » o F 15o. 1974 
Lo Jill J COH 341 9412 
*4 F )p 6 7 leo 
NICO I $999 
44 812o *95 3261 

 i i P i l i F-159 prckgg L A B h p oil power auto 
Bual 
«o> lanki c an *9o 8TI<3 

'T I F o rd R a n g e r '» tan p ik c g g . 
Loon-a 
Like new 
826954$ at-1937 
O 
T 
6'r Febiil" -,n • ' -w fires 
$995 8i8«U $‘. 
T FTT T o l f c re b u ilt m o to r, new pain I con $3? i / i*_______ __ 
‘dJ'PO RD Super von tu'bm t m ags 
■ st 575o n r .' 95*o 
■ isTftB B 
, fan1: r m a r n low rn.int I lr 5457 
65 FO RD VAN 
SSM 
714-4341 

 h T F S r d v a n ' I- Hr loaded T o * ! 
$93oo nos only x.ooo nu S o m b r e 
$691o No Irades. 344 <49o 
<3 f ort) 
V 8 auto 
12275 
7 J Chevy v 8 aoli- OII 
5192* l l Chevy auto OH powor 
S U H 
~ /'-I2 N ew Laredo Hwy 9 1 6 2 2 )I 
'75 f S r C XLT »7Ton. Oulu puwor sn erina, brokes. 
SJ9So jim , 
661 4515____________________ _ 
For S ui*. 71 Dodge M axi Van CAIt! 

AVIATION INSURANCE 
P R O M P T Q UO TES 
/Jo 1623 
A V IO N IC S 
!7 your not s o tisitied wdh the w ay your A V IO N IC S a ra preform ing then we should talk con retro tit or service those black boxes 
I howe M K -I2 A 34o‘S w ith neods, U D i 4 O M E S 
K W K 4o l i d a r . K M A 2o, ond o th e r used 
Avionics in stock Ladies and gent leman I need and w ant your bust ness You m ight take a deep look and find you need m y business So ipts get together We re open 8 to 5 
Mon thru Sat at 924 4557 U N IV E R 
SAL E L E C T R O N IC S . Stinson Field, 
San Antonio________________________ 

BARON model”587 Loaded, low Mm# 
Excellent condition. Com plete (F R , in clu d in g FCS 816 
B a n d it oulo pilot, club seating, alw ays hangared and m a in ta in e d by lo c a l B eech dealer Coll R Arnold 
341 5511 

BOSA Kit no ??A! 
All e xtras No construction done M oving to Alas ka Cheap' Dei Rio 
I 775-6253. 
75 C A R D IN A L HG , only $38 hrs. since M w 
D u a l 3oo N A V C O M S w ith G*S 
3oo X P D R . 3 L M S 
3oo digital A D F 
IOO A auto pilot cou pied, J point strobes E G T u s moo 
For only $12,4oo l«68 C H E R O K E E 18o-D 1887 TT, 
SCMOH, M K -13A , VO a 4 
TAS, no damage, licensed until l l 77 
$15,7$o 
C E N T E X A V IA T IO N 
San M arcos, Tx S II 392-7144 
24 Hours per Poy_________ 
■7$ C H E R O K E E 6 
F an i r s o iu* 
OME 
Must condition New annual 
$ 5,9oo A rt M cK inley, 512 278 M i 
1959 G E R O N IM O A P A C H E 
N i x interio r, new radios, new fac to ry enames. naavv doty brakes $24,5oo 
Art M cKinley 512 278 6*9) 
197) G R U M M A N T R A IN E R O ut- s ta n d in g c o n d itio n $76oo 
M r 
Crosby, 4J3-/75I 
1977 LA N C E. New dem onstrator A fantastic 6 P lace 19o M P H pion# w ith lots o f b a g g a g e space 
A rt 
.M c k d n ja v^ b l^T T IF A A ^r^^ ^^ ^^^ ^ 
914 - ANTIQUE mf COtlECTORS 
EARS______________ 

A U S TIN Healev 3.OOO, 967 H ardtop. o n e x r cond . $ .i/o o 
5*9 23 75. 
Pleasanton, Tex 

'64 B IR O 
__________C A L L: 658-97oo__________ 
'56 C H E V Y 2-doar, sell a r tra d e 
$1,ooo 484 8o14____________________ 
SS C H E V Y . SSO VS mops, stand , see to o yprettote! 655-839) 

Classic '949 Plym outh 53,ooo a tis . miles Goad condition 7 33 8o2k 

E co n o m ic al C lassic. 
'* 
R e n a u lt 
Duopnim 
24,ooo rn. ii,M il, 349 7 2b ss E l 
C A M IN O 
P o w e r , a i r , 
4 sp ee d 
A M F M s te re o to p e 
R adials, c h ro m e w h ee ls 
A sking 
516oo 
Beauty! 349 27V1, utter 
433-o945 
1962 f aicon Ranchero Classic. $129$ 
Ask (or G rog, 633 I4ft4 

*49 F O R D F-1oo # CVI p ick u p 
In e x c e lle n t co n d itio n 
5.ooo m i on c o m p le te e n g in e o v e r h a u l a h o rig in a l e a u ip m e n i 
Cheap, $12oo r lines CHV 78o 7767 
VNO FO R D p ic k u p to , re ttergtion 
R un* a nod 
HOO o r best otter by i on iOtn 449 1541, 734 3841 
»7 & t o it,ainoi m a n , l.,< ii,r, 
Cli $19oo 69o 955o 

Pot sol* 
W R E C K E R , 1968 Ford,™ ion, Holm es SOO, with tw in boom s, a ir cond .com pletely eguipped. new motQi new l if t * 
SASSO 
Waco. Tx 
I I I / ) 7$ i t ?57 i t C M C Pickup, auto a ir , $7*1o 
(Oil Jim , 441 4511 
63 OMC Pickup **oo. 
CALL JIM. **1*511 
1 9 /i 6 m C <* the High Sierra Lood td lo w m rles a h i n t e x t r a * 
4 speed M u*! wholesale Con 
Dan 
Y arborough 222 9411 
)4 b U k i xton. IW B v s , a g io . p o w e r s te er .no. b ru k e *, g r ille m o r n tow m i 
$ 4*5 o 
B o e rn e 
C 174V Jo79. 749 U l t 

3T G O O S E -N E C K 

*78 FOBB F 28o p ic k u p 
F o lly lo a d e d 
A uto a ir , power sleet me sower brokes Ex fro tank 
_____ 
U l t * 
H E M P H IL L M CCO M B'. 
FO RD sOUTHCROSS 
IFO! E W M ilita ry 922 *117 

7 4 T g g S ,,r iv-lT o n g e 'r','8'LV :T«;a" 
Konger option, pow er a ir , u., a u x 'la r y to n e . 39o e n g 
A s k in g 
ISISX) Co- 896 2371 a et,. *96 535o 
Hight e errvtfie 

I t F o rd ►•IOO. V • IT w ndyr 16 o o j m ile* 
E keel lout conc 
$3995 
*9o I I M 
IYJ! Ford o i i i with t i ' Von bu* 
A ** for Woody ond m ake otter, 
433-1449 
_____________________ 

T i Fora p.ckup" WB 
Rte tn t valve lob »I225, 42* Lam er, t i l 9o*o 

•74 f 6 I 6 pIc'kO p '$TW 
A arnd One LW 
Stood aw n y m eas tosh i i i 24 J J 

 i t ( o h o P ic K H p E W c * I I J i m . ** ■ l i l t 
W W b i t b pi kuo fan V I. 4 saieefT iv'jO nm *6' . ii i 

74 FO R D Pickup ion, n ic e /ta k e 
•jU OUyrnents, I i i U l t ______________ 
74 F t r i p ick u p", V - ! . 1 I OO de 7! cum per 
*1,49o ur b*St otter, m o lt sell *53 *99? eves, ond wkrnds l o t b i 
<f H g Wo" 
E x tru k $9oo. M a rb , 341-5o17 
74 FO R O R A N C ftiR O .- power By owner 4*5 « I7 f 

7 5o » side 

7 5!) 

75 GRAN TORINO SQUIRE 
W agon w ith th ird s ta t 
L u g g a g e rack E x ira clean, low m ilto n # $428* 
H E M P H IL L M<"COMBS 
FO R D SOUTHC ROSS 
19o1 5 W M ilitary 922 *117 

HOFFER TRUCK CO. 
I 79$ i2$,i 
IN TE R N A TlO N A L TR u C 
SAL ES AND SER VK I 
PO B O * 411 H O tio tl*UM-. T c t 
It) 

(4) 
Wreckers and go sa 

H o lm e s 
KW 5oo 4ot) D ie sal 
J$8 $4'i.l t -UUU » 

73 Inter ii ohongi 4 witeel d riye crew can 
H ncea io 
*e « ' 
I2 *9 $ *5 , 
68! 2947 f f S i a le r it at i o7« a I t*o < to r w itt-.f* 
Totso w inch 
R est s h a rp ! N eeds en«in« work f i t I t l l or 433 2o39 
1217 Ouintoiio 
TO In te rn o tiu n o i 5 c o u t 4 w h ee l d riv e 
8.o98 tm , ‘ 'C le a m P u ff'*. 
(S ill 848 7*45 otter SPM 
1962 international tractor, viusoiimT 
$2,8oo Coli But,. 734 423o, 734 
734 423V 
$2,8oo Coli But,. 734-42)o, 
42 38, 

'4$ Internotionol pickup, needs en gina re p a ir ruofce otter 44# 34o1 

Ai JAGUAR M A RK X, Sedan A ir, auto tope deck 
W a ln u t in te rio r 
M u * !-ell 734-4923 
5o M ercu ry, First Closs 
Run* per 
*• rf $12oo tosh i i i i t j t t i AAU* J ANG Drlu 
, >8 
VS, auto factory a ir ad porn I St ii like new ' 
$.5oo 
41-293) 
*5 M U STA N G 289, lane ara radio hi a tor, o ir conduit neb. white side 
*a ll$ , yellow w ith blcx * O rig in s interior 
P erfect c and 11ion 
$1o95 

Al Shi by CT 5<Xi 7>, St i 
• i i 685o Must Se) 

916-SPORTS. FOREIGN CAK 
'73 A L F A R O M E O V a le n t IO Spider 
Call 72V 1342._____________________ 

1 1 AUO . Hid i s A u to , pow er, a ir 
3.4o9 Coll 492 1773 
___________ 
/ T a u >9o L V 4 poor Sedun $15o.' 
341 98«.J De to re 12 a tt 4________ 
_ 
AUDI 
-u is 74 2oc,n# >,td -r.r'.J ii 
Ltke new O ria m o i p ric e S75WJ (or quick lei# SM B * beuutlfu, tor lo d riv e 925 7191 don, 4 u n , o s* tor 
Ruben a *u 644) eve-, 

\L 

SUPER BOWL 
SELL-OUT SALE 

 x 
/ / k 
*V / 

, ENDSAT 
MIDNIGHT 

H D 

THE ANSWER 
*2788* 
O N I OF AMERICA'S 
LOWEST-PRICED CARS 

• P . O . I . 
HUSTLE IN AND SEE 

I 
* EPA RATED 
| 
149 MPG HIGHWAY I 
36 MPG CITY j 

Dreyer Toyota 

3 8 3 4 F re d e ric k s b u rg 
736-4471 

Alamo Toyota loop 41o of Airport 
828-o733 

Toyota of San Antonio 
17o3 LL Actory Drive 
924-9451 

Toyota of Seguin 
218 L Kingsbury 
226-o976 
AND SCORE A SUPER DEAL! 

\ 

 ta ^ 
No PRICI INCE!ASE I 
ON 77 RABBITS 
^ o 
NBW 
3 7 7 BUG 

M o d a l N o . 1 7 o 1 

I 

/ 

•1711 UU MKL UU $493 MMK M f aiel OI TUMAX S W IM (AMMU loiki MKKtio ntm m rtm U3»sa win. ouxureo CM on *nuy*i u t ax 
1*61 U lt IO 9/ me ** aoemi t* l 
UTU. UCtK-.t im * DI AUX IWF MOI M 

•I'•« JI ULI MKL rf j I 
UU»«95i<OWN 
IM I W M *tat rum 
IWfm SITSX I) UUMU mm cmamc *»» attn nm him I* m n 
oUM1M9 ckuxt x x w tt 
Ff*Ukl*64 UU 1o.97 M8 U *KM- 
IM. IAI, mu. ULIMU UK t MAW kett-noteta-JMd 
^ 

 tLone Star v o l k s w a g e n p i? 

 iMOertOOM Moots 

/A 
3 3 o 3 BROADWAY r j 
824-73111 

1951 PACKARD acc eof in j b‘d$ to iiQoidate debt. 33oo 5 W 
/A ild a ry 
924-4489; #27 8911 
47 PLYMOUTH, 4 door, excel taut condition, o rig in al or restored 
*1 OO Mi )33-*27* 

H I 

RARE 64 COR VAIR Morijo cieon, cir power, auto Good fire* Run* good 
M u tt sell. m ake o tter 
5)4 *116 656 1479 

 a u o i 166 I 1! 1, 
'/? io o ?#3"Tow rruleoae 
N ew ro d io ls , a ir , au to 
826 I4hder f.vr, I-,IS 

7 f BM W 7992- "att.' aute -'< l,i*TuTTv m a in to in e d 
E x ce lti r t c o ndition, 
$5 
V5 Pl 
Vi,I I 
Cry, y.i. i________ 
I t BMW 2oo? 
________$3259 Cull r n t m 
74 BMW TOO? 4 xcellen! cuitd Air, 
AW F U 5,$ofl 82k 69*7 

7? c a p r i Run* vary good $49$ 
441 3oo4 M I 474)________________ 
'73 C a p r i v t., sics teems., 4 speed 
AM F M radio cur cui'dihoued Rear 
6 daw detroster. vinyl fop 
1 -227 n j 

BMW-32111 53o1, B3oCS1 
Coil 
O ovrd R cinbero 73? I t l l __ 
• 
Ca p r i ' A ir. r j llo, 4 $petd 
21.-oo l l 
3 A l nj., , 7 7-, 

74 c a p r i 2 O L.' aiito. a ir, tow m i 
Beet otter *38 I U * ______________ 
‘l l C A P R I, run* very good 
441 IOO,. 6*1 4741 

*7* C A L IC A Littbuck 
Loaded 
Tronsterred, must set!! l l l - l l f l j 
249 4999 
CLASSIC, n8 Mercedr* 28o5 4 a oar 
Bug*- tan Loaded new radials 
I nome good mpg. $4739 124-5591 
‘71 C orvette Cost rn P e a rl P oint, 
I o6o1 
'71 CO RVET TF Custom, new eng , brokes. paint, tires. 
Loaded 
*84 /Ijill. 
________________ _ 

"'74 CG R V I T T It 
.HOO m iles. L ik e new Under W arran ty ti) June J977, 
$895o 653 i l l ) or BJh 25o) 

MORTH! i l w l l I M I ' 
PORSCHE t AUDI 
FIRST OF TNE YEAR SALE 
*72 BUICK ,#rA*i ‘tr79rw-Now^ •*'..‘2195 l # n D A k i T i S f o " * ^ p e w *, end Hie, 
/ J r u m IJ A v fo w x r w ing* -we. w w w ,«afx wftkXi I t t t H , tilt 
WAS 
$ 3495 

IN FRIDAY’S EXPRESS/NEWS JANUARY 
7, 

1977 AN ADVERTISEMENT FOR A TOYOTA 

MUITI-DEALER 
CAMPAIGN 
APPEARED 

DISPLAYING AN ILLUSTRATION OE A TOYOTA 

G/T INSTEAD Of A TOYOTA COROLLA TOR 

$2788*. WE REGRET THIS ERROR AND ANY 

UNDUE INCONVENIENCE TO: ALAMO TOYOTA, 

DREYER TOYOTA, TOYOTA OE SAN ANTONIO 

AND TOYOTA OE SEGUIN 

C O R V E T T E 
: work 
.ump $425o 
DQ SI 
'77 C O R V E T T E 
New load#* I m e d ia te d eliv ery 
M u s t ask for 
Rick 22ft 4ftSi ti In 
___________ 

C O R V E fr e tit, 437, itondord, con- vt-rtibie 694 ’288 
74 D A TS U N 61o 
A ir. AM FM , 
* speed Excellent cond Private 
Owl,er 328oo *84 8135___________ 
74 S a t SUN 6fo Air gm -fm . Clean! 
$25oo 734 5 i v ' _________________ 
I i Dotson 
VCO m r. new h ie * 733 
I v . L illy 
■ ■■ ,far -.cli * ll, I » l l D A T S U N B A I O 
A u t o T a ir , s ilv e r. C le a n , n ic e ! G ood gas mileage I owner 316*3 *>8 chis 
DATSUN 
BRYSON AUTO CENTER 
143o PAT BOOKER 
UNIVERSAL CITY Ail 6271 l l Datsun 51o 4 dr Station Wagon. 
I)7 9 j I 42o-2X18. 92J 75/5 
11 Y jaV m IK Pick gip,"low vv. gift gulfy okCMJhoO 

N e e d s m in o r 
349 2/91 
,",*3195 
IWW r n fsc OXkHX Ixxpxxxme, axite in eftx, pow er 
74 Pj1^ at. 
*3395 l y e ( A D H ****'• w u tw m itk* M w c r m n* elf, 
75 CS? em 
-.*4295 iw x 11 Alf*/S IM CexxttaewXaL 6- keer. wfctte en 
76 
~%unX 'KomZ'°' 
*7795 
75 V9}JCSWAGIN 
U? 
73 AUW ^ef ^w4 -^ “ 
:. 
I t i e , 
3 
Liter, t - xpeed, ole, 
WAS ... $$6 98 

Omthmr i t el4* obi W Bawl, i JlxDM 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Saturday January 8 1977 

EXPRESS-NEWS BOHUS A B S 
2 urns $ 7 
TEXAS SIZE SAVINGS. . . I® days 
# 

NON COMMERCIAL! 
CANCELLABLE 
WITHOUT 
RATE CHANGE 
225-1666 
QUICK RESULTS! 

 f i SPOTTS, IMPORTS jC T T Q ,f 
SPOUTS, IMPOSTS ) (9 1 6 ) ( st>oRTS> (MPoKTS 

ROD EAST VOLKSWAGEN ® 

NO BETTER CAR...NO BETTER PLACE TO BUY... 
14o2 NE LOOP 41o (EXIT AT NACOGDOCHES ID 
828-12o1 

ATTENTION: New Car Buyers! 
WE ARE NOT ASHAMED OF OUR PRICE. WE 
KNOW WHO GIVES THE BEST DEAL. 

Example Stk. # 4 2 7 2 
NEW 1976 
DASHER 

4-door, fuel injected, air conditioned, heater, upholstery 
Tinted glass, rear w indow defogger, steel belted tires, rack & pinion steering, autom atic transmission 

LIST PRICE $ 6 2 8 o 
J 
$ 1 
M i n o a 
SALE PRICE $ 5 2 8 o i 
I ^ 
W 
V 

PRICE GOOD THRU SATURDAY, JAN. IO , 1977 

' U S S 
SAVE! New ’7 7 TOYOTA’S SAVE! 

BIGGEST 
DISCOUNTS 
O N 
1 9 7 7 MODELS 

DISCOUNTS 
LIFT 
BACK 
SPECIALS 

Nobody can equal sm all tow n pries*! 

Factory Installed 

Options: 
AM Radio, SSO. 

AM-FM Radio. $77. 

Air Conditioner, 

$365. 
Pin Striping, $28 
111 
I i i R W R y ’y . / s'kNta 
/ / / . I \ 

U N LIM ITE D 

SELECTION 
All Models and Colors 
HIGHEST TRADE 
A LL O W A N C E 
— 24 h o u r d e liv e ry 

TOYOTA OF SEGUIN 
O pen Eves: til 9 p.m . 
D ia l T o ll Free! 
224-4183 
17 M i. fro m San A n to n io . 
K X I L l l U l l L i m e x x i i 

C 
SPORTS, IMPORTS D © C SPORTS, IMPORTS D O 

NOTICE TO ® 
NEW VOLKSWAGEN BUYERS 

Jutt bring us the written or adver­ tised price on any new VW in tow n and just see if we can't make you a better deal!! 

The new BMW 32o1 is here. Also full lino of the Subaru. 

See Us Before You Buy! 
USED CARS 

•7o OPEL GT, 36,ooo Miles............................................... $1 588 
•73 SU BA RU , dean..........................................................$1788 
’7o AUD I, 4-door sedan.....................................................$ 1 8 7 o 
’71 V W V A N , 9-passenger..............................................$18 8 8 
’74 SUPER BEETLE..........................................................$21 6 7 
*74 DODGE Dart Sport, smell V-8,oir, only.................. $ 2475 
•76 SU BA RU , still in warranty..........................................$ 2 5 7 7 
•75 RA BBIT, 2-door yellow............................................... $2862 
•75 RABBIT, 25,ooo miles, air, AM-FM............................... $3188 
’75 V W DASHER Station wagon...................................... $3795 
*76 RA BBIT, automatic, air, like new, 1o,ooo miles 
$39 8 8 
•74 B M W 2oo2, air. AM-FM stereo.................................$6o44 

^ lf you don't tee us before you buy... 
You Could Pay Too M uch 

NORTH LOOP VOLKSWAGEN 
A cross fro m W o n d e rla n d a f F re d e ric k s b u rg Rd. 
7 3 2 - 7 1 2 1 S a le * A S e rv ic e 

$4oo' 
CASH FACTORY 
REBATE 
On ALL NEW 
OPELS 
In Stock 
GM’s Top performer with top economy 

SPIRES-DOCJGLAS BUICK 
5o1 BROADWAY 
CHARLES ORSINGER BUICK 
45oo SAN PEDRO 

 te n Dotson MOZ Couoe Auto air, v in y l top Low m ile s 
S a c rific e t il t s Call Clyde Rowe 222 M U or 
222 2724 
■74 DATSU N 26o1 m oos, stereo topr dees, tow mi otter 5, *55 o527 
74 DATSU N 2*o Z 4 speed, a ir, 
AM SM stereo, low m ileage P e r­ fe ct co n d itio n Good buy end in- vestment' st too 424 4 IQ I, s t* >2o4 
E stole Clearance 
H M anta ""io.ooo o r'Sunol miles autom ata. o il. Must 
Sell i i 7o5 *5* OI I i 
■74 F IA T 124 c o n v e rtib le 
E x tra bard top, a ir. 4 speed 4114o Ter- rifle Buy! 342 4444_______________ 
•74 r tot S I 4 speed, a l' low mileage. very neon lOmpg i ’ <tV6 oS» o116 
’71 FIAT X IS Convertible F ck tory on AM FM 
1o.ooo nu Like new! 
S,, ti OO M I o 5 8 8 _________________ 
V i HONDA 6oo Sedan 41,ooo rn", radio. 44 MPG, lo d io l tire s IVOO 
KEN, 344 i i i ! dites 
IP YOU CAN *U Y A BETTER 
BU ILT SMALL CAR THAN AT 
DE EV ER TOYOTA_______BUY IT 

I SELL VWS BMWs Sudanis 
CALL 
PAT______________ H i 7121 
’ /J JENSEN H E A LE Y Sports cor convertible, air. tape deck, ti,696 m l IW O K e rrville, (I IM * 2279 
I 
K A b m A N C h ia 
\ 7 n ~ focMq* bfi&M yellow 
$16oo firm , m M n 
__________________ 

 r n 
./m on Giho. I ow ner, 14,oo an . stereo tope, pood cond! 
197S- I2S-3S74. 
___________ „ 
J4 LOTUS Europe Special am tm. j-tpood. radta. alf- im **8»_______ 
74M A ID A PX4 on. 4 speed, radio. y ^ - y y . ! 
82*oo 344 .*>417 eves 
■— A i -„r. 
. .. .. - 
. 
BX? i a,', j' vedOM U 9 ‘. 
888* otter ‘Kind vtffckeitds 
M a z d a HK I ■ O' ha rd to p pp,ton a ir, AM FM stereo Cos 
Or 17 OOO mc 124V5 
Weekdays i i i L 
I i MERCEDES BENZ 21o SE 4 i 
E ktra clean coll 72* 2243 
72 MERCEDES BENZ 23o 
C A U .: 236-2241 

OVERSTOCKED!! 
7 5 RAT 124, air, store#. 
TS TRIUMPH TR-A, Overdrive 
74 AURUMS 2M Coape roo! 
74 AURCIDU 4 SOU red 
71 MtRUDfS 25o, 4-deor 
7 4 ’/» MG* Ct air, stereo. 
7 4 RAT 124 Spader t(J ). 
71 TRIUMPH Cfi, Overdrive 
75 MG Midflat,I 
72 PANTfRL Rad-Air. 
Mony other makes and models to choose from 
ROBINSON S Sports Cars 
■yiLRSAIil(LLaJ2Ly& 

TEI MI. R C I DE t, B E N Z 23o 
Im m ot plait 1 534oo Coll *33 6916 
MERCEDES ?So C, 197o Most sell 
Best offer Coll J J? 9/41 

'47 M ercedes 7ooD A ll o rig in a l motors, J knocks 12*4 A n ilin Hwy 
449 4457 

M ER C ED ES n 24o D o lio a bun roof, $11,25o 
DVS bV4b t v t i 
77 M E R C E D E S IOO O 
Loaded 
SIOW OH List I t / 247 *171 
Mercedes Ti , 28o SE 
: 4 Loaded 
Mint condition 4*o5o 27* I/O 
*4 ME RCEDES 2IO S t Plus hard top, all option* E ic ellen) rendition 
SMOG *84 747? eves , wk ends 
MERCEDES 71 ?5o~4 speed 
Air, om-tm Imm oculote, *53 4*o* 
74 M ercury Capri ii * * } 
Ask For Gieg, 411 1444 

M E T R IC M A S T E H , 124 7427 
VW Engine Overhaul VW 

$185. 
* Martin f,GOO Mi W arranty 
SERVICE AND REPAIR 
•74s* M O B 
L o a d e d 
V e ry la mileage Mast sell) Best otter, ca 
Mike *9o-1484 

JANUARY 
SUPER 
SPECIALS 

’75 NGB 

Red, wire wheels, 21,ooo miles 

*4 1 9 5 
’73 TRIUMPH 

GIA. Blue with blae interior. 

*2 4 9 5 
’71 V W GHIA 
* 1 2 9 5 
’74 TR6 
O v e rd riv e . 
* 4 3 9 5 
’74 MGB 
Y e llo w w /b lo c k in terio r. 
*3 4 9 5 
SEE THE 
TR7 AT 
* 4 9 9 5 

AT 

A L A *® ■ ■ 
S P O ^ S 
■ A 

 i ~ s k S 
M 
_ M 

S i n Broadway t 828-5511 

*4 MGB. new point, good tires, new boilery, (air top Runs good SHOO. firm 684-13o2 eves 
7* MGB Super Buy! $3ooo Needs new windshield, new too 1o,ooo ml., under warranty. 828-o781. 
1773 MG M idget. E xce lle nt condi­ tion it8oo- 824 157o, 822-1221 
MISSION CITY IMPORTS 
MERCEDES BENZ Soles-Scrvice 
382o SAN PEDRO 
71* 2141 
NORTH LOOP VOLKSWAGEN 
732-7121 
4*11 Fredericksburg Rd 
NORTHWOOD PORSCHE AUDI 
111* N E. LOOP 41o 
824 3214 
75 O PEL WAGON 
A ir 
4-speed, fuel infected Radio, under 11,ooo h i 434oo 653 *392______ 
7o OPEL Wagon, gold 44oo firm 
55o*5 NEW BRAUNFELS, i l l 13oo 
P A N TE R A , 1*71 111,ooo. C A L I 
874 3228, ta m to lp m 
71 Pinto; auto, a ir, 4895, 7o Toyota 
4744 *73-4543. lf) ch I B 
74 PORSCHE t i* , ( I O). AM -FM 
CB, 8-trock, 2,ooo m i on new eng and Irons., low o rig m iles New paint Cot! 82* 2845 otter * p m 
71 PORSCHE tie . A p p e a ra n c e group, AM PM cassette, excellent cond 342 1*12 ofter 4 
75 PORSCHE 914, 2 o 
C A LL: 121-1141 
•*S PORSCHE 35* C 
B lack, goo condition, u tr. After * pm, 54? 71 IO 
*9 PORSCHE 911-E TARCA Load ed. 47ooo 
Serious inquires only 
♦9o 8118. 
'7o PORSCHE 911 T 
111-857* 
1977 PORSCHE 91 IT, o n , AM F M, 
Hon! shocks. 5 speed, e x c e lle n t condition, se,85o Coll 9 to 5, 225 lie * ext 733. or 5 to IO. CS* 28o4 
SPORTS CAR: '74 SAAB Sonett III 
Beautiful Blue Car, 17,(IOO M iles. 4 speed. S tereo, R o ll B a r, R a d ia l 
T ire s , N e ver R aced L ik e New 
414o4 * MI OHS 
74 Subaru Wagon AM Pm stereo. oir, 42,oo8. *48 o8o1 
Take over payments on '74 VW No equity Coli 
824-o918 ask tor Pred. attar 7- 911 7757 
77 TOYOTA CE LICA Real t'e a n 
1185o. *95 3291___________________ 
1*74 Toyota Corona M ark ll 7 door hardtop Autom atic, power steering and brokes a ir cond itio n in g AM 
PM Stereo vinyl too Acyl 33.ooo mi 
$2475. By Owner, con be seen at 1131 
Basse Rd. or c o ll 731 7367 d o rs , 
2o7/ evening* 
7o Toyota Corolla M ark ll Wagon 
Completely overhauled, 7* Cleon, great second car $13oo firm Lytle 
I 772 31*o______ ________________ 
TOYOTA Corona, 1972 4-door, eu to orig., Cleon' 4155o 514 2444 ■ 
*9 Toyota Cor ana 54 OOO m i , $8oo 
Ut be* I oiler 8/4 9114 

 n f'OYOTA O k onu Mn "ii 
Door 
4 speed, on, s ire 1 radials Must go this w e ek1 A ll o tters considered eves r nVOTA 
7o 4door o n, extras 
Good condition 48oo or best ofter 
91318*4, 922 955o________________ 
'71 TOYOTA with 74 enom*. 4494 
*41 JGG* *«! 4741 
74 Trium ph Bonneville 75o like new only AGO miles must ta ll Call otter 61 
88o4 
*78 Trium ph Spitfire M ork III 
TAKE TRADE 224 495* 
71 TR IU M P H STAG A uto . ( 
AM PM C la s s y ' Rugs p e rfe c tly 
$4*95 Dews 732 81o9 Niles 341 561o 
74 frlu'm p h TR*, fully loaded, c cedent condition 447Qo 344 8729 
7* TRIUMPH IR -V Like new doit 
828 *75*. 82? 7529 
7 # TR * New radials, headers, ex­ haust system 3* ooo ml , needs eno 
■ a rk 425oo Eves *9o 8712 
71 Vega Hatchback Auto, air Like new 4*5o *4* >8o* atter A 
71 Volkswoaen 
Super Beetle, 4-speed, rodte, air condi'iuned 
............................ 418*5 
TOM BENSON IMPORTS ■ 
95o* SAN PEDRO 
341 I i i * 
VOLKSWAGEN 
P o rt* Service Cor* 
*45-1111 

 automobiles D O C 
AUrOMOBIIES D <S > C 
AUTOMOBILES D<5DC 
AUTOMOBILES D O 

1 9 7 7 VOLKSWAGENS 
& HONDAS 
O N SALE AT 

OFF P.O.E, 
PRICE* 

•All VW's t Hondas in stock, or ordered before 
January 2o,1977 
(excluding the 
Honda Accord and 17o1 
VW Rabbit). 

All 1977 VW's hove fuel injection engine, run on regular gas and have no catalytic converter. Choose from a large selection of all models. 
* + * * USED CAR SPECIALS **★ + 

I ? MONTH OR 12,ooo M IU MECHANICAL INSURANCE AVAILABLE ON MOST USED 
CARS TROM MOTORS INSURANCE CORP 

77 MONTE CARLO LANDAU SCS. 

 vinyl lop, V-8, automatic transmission, power steering, power brakes, air conditioned, radio, 
< i n n r 

 white sidewalls, 3ooo miles ............................... 
O T T 5 

•76 VW VAN t e X 
4'"” d "*• ‘5295 
75 SCIROCCO COUPE £ V 
„ oO, 

Honed, AM/EM Stereo, low mileage 
.................. J O Y j 

75 LA GRANDE BUG i“ ,V.7 l7*S3: 

 rodio, still in warranty.............................................i f I J 
75 TOYOTA CELICA GT S ".., 

 der, 5 spend, AM/FM stereo, air, redial tiros............. J O T J 
74 TOYOTA COROLLA H X -J S t * ’2295 
74 LOVE BUG B./iSKS^wS'.tT**.*to:.‘2595 
73 VW CAMPMOBILE "Z d, oir, AM/FM, , - o o { 

 cream puff .............................................................*3995 
72 SQUARIBACK VW s1oor 

 rack, 52,ooo miles ..................................................’ 1 9 9 5 

72 BUICK SKYLARK SEDAN Automatic transmission, power steering, P*"*r brakes, air 41 a n e conditioned, radio, white sidewalls........................... I 4 7 5 
’69 VW BEETLE £S. .“ T ’. 
4 ,|~4: ‘1295 
AI TH HAUS VTV 
13oo Si. Military Dr. (Next to Mission Chevrolet) 
U M M l i T A M IT O 
S IH I S M H A V I 

S S * 
.v*%i 
SUPER BOWL 
SPECIALS 
PASS THE SAVINGS 
TO YOU! 
’71 AMIC Matador.................................. * 195 
65 OLDS 88 Coupe.............................. 1 295 
’65 CHRYSLER Newport, extra sharp..,* 495 
’67 FURY 4-door ......... 
* 395 
’7o IMPALA Hardtop.......................... * 595 
’7o THUNDERBIRD............................ * 795 
’72 FURY I I I ......................................... * 795 
’72 P IN TO ............................................. » 795 
’71 PONTIAC LeMans Coupe.............* 895 
’73 AMC Hornet, 4-door......................* 895 
’72 DUSTER........................................... * 99 5 
’72 COROLLA Coupe..........................*1o95 
'7 2 DODGE 4-door, Coronet . . ......... ‘ 1195 
’73 SUPER BEETLE..............................*1395 
’72 CORONA 2-door . . . . ................*1395 
’74 SUBARA Coupe............................*1595 
’72 COROLLA Wagon...................... ‘ I 595 
’71 CORONA Coupe, n ite.................*1595 
’73 MUSTANG Loaded, nice...............*1795 
’75 PINTO Wagon.............................‘ I 895 h \N ANTONIO'S LARGEST von MI IMPORT Of U FR) 

 f i t ji"" 
""pf" " i t 1 w i 
'( • « I J l l M B 31 I 

 y e e e e e e e e e e e 
* * * * * * * * * ' 

3 8 3 4 FREDIRICKSBURC RO. 
7 3 6 .4 4 7 1 

^ 
DO DCC COLTS % 
^ 
*3 1 5 o 
^ 

^ ^ 
EPA M i k o g # ^ 
45 Hwy. 
^ 
^ 
EPA Mil6o96 ............ 3o City 

O . R . KB I T C H I L I D O O G I 
113o BMADWAV v ^ 

A o n c c - in - a - lif c t im c s a le o n a o n c e - i n -a -1 i fe t i m e c a r . 

The Peugeot Diesel Sale. At 

BROUGHTON MOTORS 
213o AUSTIN HWY. 
655-o2- 
Sale end* February 28, 1977 
P E U G E O T ! 

CAVENDER 
OLDSMOBILE COMPANY 
IS PLEASED TO ANNOUNCE A 
SPECIAL SALE! 
1 9 7 7 OLDSMOBILE 
CUTLASS S 
4995 

2-DOOR COUPE - FULLY EQUIPPED 
AS OUR STK. # 725 

★ V-6 ENGINE 
★ AIR CONDITIONING 
★ AUTOMATIC TRANSMISSION 
★ POWER STEERING 
★ POWER BRAKES 
★ AM RADIO 
★ TINTED GLASS dr BODY SIDE MOLDINGS dr DELUXE WHEEL DISCS 
VV WHITE SIDEWALL TIRES 
CAVENDER 
OLDSMOBILE 

8o1 BROADWAY * ★ 224-7353 

“ CONFIDENCE IS 
” 

 f SPORTS, IMPORTS j f i j j j ) 

‘75 VW, ylondard A ir, am tm, sun root, fuel in tu itio n S2SoU AV* 3*1* < eve*, weekends.___________ 
'73 VW Super B eetle, toke o ve r poyments, no euuity. to ll ■ John 
222-7411 ___ _______________ 
NORTH STAR DODGE 
JANUARY WHITE TAG SALE 
*5 VW Very nice 474o Or best otter 
*5*1*27 

918 Cars for Sale or Trade 

 l l K R IT Z 

QUALITY USED CARS. 
FROM OUR RENTAL FLEET 

•76 LTD 
4 door........... 
‘4495 

7 5 FORD MAVERICK 

4 Dee............... *2595 

7 5 MERCURY'S 

COMET 4-deor... ‘2645 

7 6 IMPALAS 

Station Wagons .. '4995 

7 6 MONTE CARLOS 
‘4495 

76 MONARCH 

 lO o o r..... 

’76 NOVA'S 

4-Doer....... 

’4195 

. ‘3595 

17 month,'17,ooo milt (trturh *v*r on tin first), power train warranty Ilk for details Coll 

• 2 6 - 9 6 6 $ 
MIRTX SERVICE CENTER 

^2 27 
1331 SO. 
TERMINAL DR. 
EXIT OFI 41o 
A1 AIRPORT Bl VO. 

'*7 V olksw agen Good co nd ition 
S/25 824 *7TO ofter 4 pm 
*4 VOLVO A I cond ition, stand 
45SO Colt SS* It!? 
7o VOLVO 1*4, air, pawer starring, b ra ke s, ra d io New p a in t. Good c o n d itio n 
4124o to k e tra d e 
828 ll * n, a i 1412 eyes weekends 
1*71 Volvo 1*2 2 dear" auto and air. 
E x ce lle n t cond Low m i. A skin g 
43.195 but must sell tnt* weekend 
Coll Wayne 494 5884 
'JO VOLVO 4 sud . runs good 4/oo or best atte' J* I J so: 
•ZI VOLVO 144 S 4 speed. dir. am tm radio, 41**4 82* 444* 
24 VOLVO 
1*2 Standard. Oir. AAA F-AA ra d io 
58,ooo mi 435oo 4*2 1/o5 
'22 VOLVO Station A ugen 3/ ooo rn Ile* 42*oo «9i 22oo____________ 
' i i VOL VO Wugon fc sce ita it co n j.. auto , a ir, low m ileage 
I owner 
41224 *4*o58* 
'24 VW, on, radio, radials, very low nu. must sell 433 348/ 
_________ 
*1 VW Beetle sunroof 
44oo or best otter 414 44*4 
21 VW B U G . ru n * g re a t 42*5 
6*1 1oo4 . 6*1-4241 

Ti 
VW 
212 IM I 
BUS 
Must 

'21 VW C om par Von E x tra nice 
Loa ded S2224, co n s id e r tra d e , 
818-6288. 424 2/14 
•21 VW C A M P M O B ILE 
412*o 
A 
Super Good on#1 Pop top, bunks, etc ii mpg 111* C ulebro________ 
*8 VW," c h i ame wheels! 
Holley cart) I i5 3281____________ 
'24 VW DASHER, auto orr, low m i 
4 2 5 4o 311 8 1 52 
'64 VW Dunebuggy with l l engm*. extra m et, 124 *25* 

VW EMGIME8S179.So 
R E BU ILT A G UARAN TEED 
IN STALLED 
4 MONTHS or *.ooo M ILES 
LARGE STOCK USED PARTS 
AM ERICAN BUG CENTER 
828-63o2 
'24 VW. Low m i , excellen t cond 
Audio, Od, 42**5 >17* *742 

NORTH STAR DODGE 
7242 SAN PEDRO • 341-2251 

Jw o t S b w H i B f l B B $ 4 1 o 

25 VW r a b b it AM FM, a rta l gas mileage 411*5 1*4 SMI, 144 711* 
71 VW S auarebacB. S tand!, a ir, 
412*5. Call: *81-1*72. 

1*74 CARS FOR SALE 
M I OHI 
Corner A irport Blvd awd Holm Rd 
ALAMO TOYOTA 
Across From A irp o rt 818 o713 
514 N E LOOP 41o_______ 
” /o Ambassador 4 door" siondord, auto E xtro ctoon. 465o 1577 Culobro 
74 AMC P A C E R * „ s’ o n d o M l 

A S SU M E 
P A Y M E N T S . 
‘ 74 
COUGAR XA7, cell *14 4414______ 

BAO CREDIT? 
IU A R A N TEE th e ir i$ a way 
I CAN sen you a Cor 
CALL 
FR A N * 
PADGETT’S Used Cars 
39o? S FLORES 532 54^1 

BAHK REPOSSESSIONS 
A VAILABLE 
Take up paym ents w ith q u a lifie d cre d it A p p lic a tio n s accepted by phone No applications refused 
MR E A R L 
217 1415 
BA N K R E P O S 
*5 up lo lf7 4 m odels 
No dow n p a ym e n t w ith nu a lltu d credit 
Ask for Woody, 
O H 468 
________ 
B E A U T IF U L Coupe D e v m e T T i 
Cadillac Light M etallic blue while vin yl top Clean loaded A sking 
4:5oo L O U IS 22J-2/8? / i i /»5* 

BIG COUNTRY FORD 
Sen Antonio 
Coll 
227-o84o 

*74 VEGA 
Automatic, 
3 6 .o o o miles 
‘ 1 4 8 9 
M ust ask for 
Don H o lt! 
335-65o1 

BOERNE MOTORS INC 
CHRYSLER 
PLYMOUTHS 
VOLARKS 
DODGE VANS 
DODGE AND OMC PICKUPS 
115 No Mom Boerne 24* 154* 
DIRECT LINE 
22* 4415 
Juy G u n e tt Soles Manager _ 

TI B O N N E V IL L E 
2 d o o ' coupe 
Priced to sell Still under w arranty 
Jim Maiden 824-o411 

" ' iu U l fW lu T y 'tU T O T 
Loaded! 
. . 
4M*5 
TOM BENSON IMPORTS 
*5oo SAN PEORO 
MI USO 
'71 BUICK Century E x<« ilent con ditto', Only 38.ooo m l Must Sell' V am * pm. i i i 22o8 
47 BU IC K E le c tra , :oaed 
N ew tires, meet M oo M m lr 341 4811 
I T BUICK E lectra 225 48 8o9 m i 
Quod cond *4o *142_______________ 

TO Buick Electro 224. auto 4 door hardtop 
E xtro ctoan 
5*8* 352/ 
Cutebro 

 l l B U IC K S s lo t* W agon a ir , pow *r windows b ro ke !, steering 
* passenger 1147$ 824 *454 
Buick 1*71 Lekubre 2 door Loaded 
Extra nice 47,ooo miles HUO con sider Iru d i 824 *788, 4*4 2724 
74 Buick L r Sabre, Luxus 7 door, fully equipped, im m aculate, o w n e i, asking 41*oo 4V? 25J4 

49 BU IC K 'L e io b re " A ir,"p o w *? , 
4**5 Very c lto n l 4*4 IQ I! i i BUICK Lim ited Wife s ear than 
4o OOO mi 
M int cond 

I * B U IC K R e g a l 
L o a d e d , im ­ maculate) 452oo Call. 124-4828, 

 fc 

AUTOMOBILES D O C 
AUTOMOBILES D G K 
AUTOMOBILES 
J (918] 

LEFT OVER SALE! 

76 WAS A GOOD YEAR- 
KtSI AM SOM u n OVEN THAT MUST GO! 
74 TOYOTA 
~ r ‘2495 
74 OLDS 98 
*2895 

I H A 
A A r n / * I T B V COUGAt, whit* body, whit* vinyl roo! buck**, ityWd it**) 
7 4 
M E R C U R Y wh**b, pew * A rn, pretty tot SH. fc-313A, Wa* $3995, $ 3 5 9 5 

'74 PONTIAC 
‘2995 
76 Subaru w s i* s r.u r-rs-T ra ,34«5 wa* $3995, N * w ............................. ......................................................................... 
O H H O 

 f* T 4 
D A A I T I A T 
I* MANS 4-doer copper body. ton interior outemetri pow** t A / Q C ' 
7 4 P O N T I A C Peering, ae, good fomtty cor, int #5-53d-A, Wtn $3295, flew 
‘ / o 9 5 , 

' 7 o 
D r \ K I T I A r 
1$ MANS 2-doer, ohve green ellen#*, whit* vinyl interior, out*- i i y y i n • 

I L r U 
N 
I I A 
L motK, pow** tteenng A a t Sib #6-686 Wei $2595 New 
I / V D 

I H A 
E A D n WNTOStation Wagon onnomon brown/ton intoner, 4-ip*«d, 4-cytndor, t i / y r 1 
/ 4 r \ J K U aa, fancy mag wh**b, n*ot Intl* ca*, Stk #9-891-4, wot $1995, New . 
* 1 o / 5 

I H A n A i l T I A r 
GAANOVWf Coup*, Bio mood blue whit* vinyl reef aeons colet 

7 4 
P O N T I A C h/Kury tnt****, iport wh**h, loaded, pow**, or, beautiful 2-Boo*, $ 9 A Q C 
Stk #1o-691, wa* $3595, N o w ......................................................................... 
O L 7 3 

I H I 
D I u n / 
K G A l 2-do**, baryon* wrth Mod «nyl ^ block 
* 9 7 8 8 
7 3 
B U I C K rat* moron, mag nim, g**d looking, Stk #4-446, wot $2995. Now .. 
L l O O 

•TA D/MUTI Af* CATAUNA 4doo* ho*dtop, gman. Ug. wyt roof, be* kited*. 

I t i v / 1* 1 1 A L . automotk, pow** tie rin g A wok**, aw, no wo**onty avoil- J t O O C abl*— ta i o»». Slk. #6487-A, wot $2495, N o w ...................................................... 
I 7 7 J 

 n, **d with buigondy tnl**i*r vinyl, 
, no wofronty, to* rn ti, Slk #11. *18oo 

I M A n A * iw i * a GRAND SAFARI Station Wo 
73 PONTIAC 3 t*ott, hit fleering AM/I 
1933, wa* $1995, Now................................. 

/-TO B A A I T I A / * CATAUNA 2-Boo* hardtop, bright blu*/whit* top, Mu* tnt***., 
/ 3 P U N 11 A C pow** fleering, AM radio pow** hr ok tv automatic, no wononty, J I C A A 
SH 19-931, woi $1995 Now 
* 

I H A B A k l T I A C CATAUNA 4-door burgondy wrth burgondy vinyl int****, pow** 
/ 4 P U N I I A C Fleering, outomotK, body »d* molding* ow, pow** brab*!, load- ( A C A C od good looking fomiFy ta*, 5tk #7-754, wot $2995, Now 
L O H J 

I H l \ 
B A k l T I A f* CATAUNA 4-doo* fir* ongm* rod, Wad intoner, body wde mold- 
/ L 
P U N I I A C mat. power steering A b*oko», ae, automatic, only 55,ooo miloi, Jo / a f good htmily cor, Stk |v STI, w o i $199S Now ................................................... 
1 o * 3 

I H A 
B S M .I T I A f * CATAUNA 4-doo* beige white fool, aeom toto* vinyl intone*, 
7 4 P U N 11 A C body fide molding*, air, pow#* steering A broket, automat!*, a, Stk |3-»9, wot $2995, Now .................................................... good family oar. 

GRANO l l MANS 2door Silver. Mock % vinyl roo), Mock vinyl in- moldings, 
' 7 5 
P O N T I A C tenor, consol*-tKKk»rwots, twin foe* merett, body sd* a l f d w k AM/PM. very thorp baking. Stk #4-5o3-4, was $4595 Now 

*2495 

*3995 

I H A 
D / N M T I A / * GRANO PRIX, rich Mss* body, white vinyl moi, whit# vinyl ml*ri*r, 
/ 7 
P U N I I M v buckets A consol*, twin roc* nwrwt, honey comb moot, body lido molding!. AM/FM, hit, owtomotic, power sttonng A broket, a*, loaded, pretty J o 7 o C cw, Stk #6-689, wa* $419$, Now .................................................................... 
O f Y D 
SUPERIOR PONTIAC 

7 1 1 B R O A D W A Y 

2 2 7 - 5 o 4 1 
• 

9 2 o B R O A D W A Y 

O P E N E V E N I N G S 

JA CK RIEGER 
CHMT SLER-PL V MOUTH 

58oo SAN PEDRO 
732-8211 
OPEN EVENINGS 

FINAL C1oSE-oUT 
1976 MODELS 
CUTLASS SUPREMER, 4,ooo mi. 
MONTI (ARIO S - PINTO $ 
CHIVITTt $ A OTMIRS 
11o6 HALM at Airaart Blvd 
$42 95*6 

74 MONTE CARIO *£ ? *'on" ,ooded 24 ooo ‘4o95 

7 5 MARK IV RT SM, white, loaded 4o,ooo miles 
*8399 

•73 OSOS VIST* CRUISER S S L J S T . * 3 8 9 5 

7 2 MARK IV #575, green loaded. 7o,ooo mitts, 
*4995 

7 5 THUNDERBIRD #616 Gold loaded 21 OOO miles *6395 tyc I ikl/Atai Continental Coupe, yellow 
#637, 
75 LINCOLN loaded 38,ooo miles 
7495 ry i 11 *j rn I kl Contmentol Sedan #653, Mu*, loaded 
74 LINCOLN 5S doc milei 
................. 
*5395 

7 2 TOYOTA Wagon, #696, gteen, lauded ..4... 

7 6 MARK IV #698 White Versatile, loaded ..... 

71 DODGE Potato. #699, green 

7 4 ToRoNADo #7o], given 
.......... 

7 5 BUICK Wagon # 79o, red loaded 36,ooo miles 

7 4 CAPRI # 788, Sunroof, 74,ooo miles 

7 o FORD LTD #986 btu* 

7 o BUICK 
Limited Hue, like new # 111 

‘ 1395 

‘ 11,75o 

‘ 1o95 

‘2995 

*4495 

‘2695 

‘ 1o95 

‘ 1495 

^ 
7 6 C u D G I m m l9od*d 
,ooo° * 5 2 9 5 f 

• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
W 
G 
* 

GEORGE HUGHES MOTORS 
Is proud to onnounct the ap­ pointment of Gory Listing os our 
Sales Manager Gary was formerly 
Assistant Vice President of Con­ sumer Banking at First National p 
Bonk for 9 yeors and also in the . same position at Main Bank and U 
Trust lot 3 years ffe invites his friends and new customers to coll I or come by and say hello. 

G e o r g e H u g h e s M o t o r s 

6 2 2 6 S a n P e d r o 
3 4 4 - o 1 3 8 

H IN C K R iv ie ra , ‘T i G ra n Sport, no equity, lake up payment*. H andy 
♦RI 3 
4 
9 
2 
______________ 
’49 BUICK Skylark G rand Sport Vt, ou to. power, factory arr, Ilk* new 
Steps W ill trade 923-2883 

Buick S k y la rk 
/I. 35o VB, au to pow er Si BUU i i i 

79 BUICK Wildcat, excellent cond) 
Iron, cow er Altering, brake*, w in­ dow*, seat. 
New tire*. 
Si, 9oo 
451 5954 

 f 
AUTOMOBILES 3 
© 

RIATA 
CADILLAC 
317 LEXINGTON 
226-7221 

12,ooo MI./12 MO. 
CADILLAC VALUE 
PROTECTION PIAN 
SERVICE AGREEMENT 
ON MOST ’77, ’76, 
75, and '74 MODELS 
CADILLACS 

76 S s , 
‘9885 
'76 
‘ 1o75o 
’76 «T““° 
‘995o m i coupe DeViiiE s o c o n 

IO Green While 
B 5 9 U 
'76 b1Z . C E...,865o 
76 S K T . *9975 

. 
SEDAN OeVltli 

IO Green Green 
O T A J 
. y r ELDORADO 
S T O C f i 
7 5 White W hite.... 
/ 9 5 U 
75 
‘769o 

SEDAN O e V lltf 
7 5 Gold 
SEDAN DeVlllE 
7 5 Yellow White 
COUPE DeVlllE 
7 5 Silver Silver 
COUPE DeVlllE 

I 4 Green White 
COUPE DeVILLE 

I L Block Blo,I 
BROUGHAM 
7 1 Gold Gold 

UNBELIEVABLY LOW-PRICED! 

WE RE DELIVERING WHILE OTHERS ARE TALKING 

*649o 
*799o 
*755o 
*629o 
385o 
*2975 

O T H E R M 
A K E S 

. -m i 
[HEV Monte Carlo c r o o n 
/ O Burgundy While 
J / T U 
, — , 
‘ ORD Gronoda 
6AL.HC 

IO Silver Burgundy 
4 o / J 
THUNDERBIRD j y n g n 
7 6 Burgundy White . 
/ W 
U 

. - e LINCOLN Conti. 
S A O C O 
7 5 Blue Blue 
* 6 / 5 o 

* -m m Continental Mk IV c a T O C 
7 5 White White 
6 / T 5 
74 J K L *145oo 
'74 E SS *, *529o 
PONTIAC Gran Prii * « < * * * 
7 4 Silver Slack 
J O Y U 
■ tm m 
BUICK Electro c 4 A C A 
7 4 Green Green 
4 4 5 o 

 t i BU ICK Skylark 4 door, air. VS. 
Cloes 6C4 61/4 

'74 C o d illa * C o u p e D e v ille v e r cieon I ow ner B o e rn e I 249 2488 
68 Cadillac $4oo 454-14o9 
73 C A D I L L A C C o u p e D e V ille l 
Loaded, tape c ra n e , C B . new tire* 
W a rra n ty 139*o SJI 1466 
I97J C a d illa c Coupe, w hite lea th e r in te rio r hooded >33 2o6/ 
7 4 C A D I L L A C Coupe Deville 
S t ill in w a r r a n t y a ll C o d illa e q u ip p e d 
( e x c e p t ( u n r o o f ) F n m i i l preen, tan le a th e r in te rio r 
L ik e new *8»co c a ll Jim , 441 4511 

74 CADILLAC CPE DEVILLE 
VI OOO n .lie* w a rra n ty 828 o197 
’ -•"o-CAD.rLAf'CTofiA'Bo ' 
S H A R P ' 34) 9412 
'V j C a d illa c E l D o ra d o fu lly loode condition 84 75o 822 319) r7o C A D IL L A C k'l D o ra d o B e g g o . e x ce lle n t con d H e a v y d u ty h itch e x t r a ! *2194 698-3272 
74 C a d illa c C L O O H A D O . L a n d a u top. loaded I ow ne r M in t con d . law 

Ti nbiLlkt FleetwoodTTrouuh urn 
E x c e p t io n a l c o n d it io n ntileaa* 492 2895 t ;— r m r x n — 
D E le g a n t e 
F u lly lo a d e d , m aculate cond 66oo m ile* 69o 8972 n a v e n om e pn on e no , w ill re ly your c a ll at a b o u t 7 p m o r c a ll otter J p m 
___________ 

7 1 C a d illa c & e d a n D e v ille 
Take over paym ent*, n o e a u ity , coil 
John Slung, ]49 e94l 
'44 f A D 11 i A d S e d a n b e VI fie 
4 duo*. good cond SSOO 927 4658 
74 C a d illa c Sedan D e v lite. o ff whit, a rm e t le a rn e r in t e r io r , lo a d e d 
15 5oo m i. C a ll 433 9828 o tte r I JO 

71 Cadillac Sedan Deville 
T a k e o v e r p a y m e n t* , c o li J o b 
Sum p J49 4948 
7i Cadillac i*aaS‘"Maw radial* recent w ark SI97S 49ASI8* 
C A D ILLA C 72 Sedan be Ville 
4 D r , low tm E x c e lle n t co n d itio n 
AMI P M 8 t r a c k s t e r e o , 8 2 /o o 
224 6/61, 658 2918 eve* 

FOR RIATA’S 
SPECIAL 
OF THE D A Y — 
DIAL 
22 RIATA 

 o r 2 2 7 - 4 2 8 2 

NEW and PRE-OWNED 
CAR SALES 
SHOWROOMS 
Open Mon.-Fri. 8 A.M. 
To 6 P.M. 
Sat. 8 A.M . to 4 P.M. 
SHOP INDOORS 

T A K E U P 
1 

P A Y M 
E N T S 
9 j* KT MOUTH fen** 

• * I dear 

* 
San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Saturday January 8 I 977 

, 
— 
* -t 
---------- r 

_ 

[ 
AUTOMOBILES D 
© 
C 
AUTOMOBILES D 
< 
S ) C 
AUTOMOBILES 3 
© c 
AUTOMOBILES ^ ) (9T8) C 
AUTOMOBILES j f i l i j 

‘ 1835 

’ 74 

*72 ^ t,u t74| SUKK U Wbrt 4 
7*# Atua IM I AA 

,e G4 AHD Pill, «M 
S 
‘4752 

' I MXVtnCR. I i w IIM*..* * 
HMX) 
‘2 2 8 o 
CALL DI LA RO SA 
3 4 1 -9 4 3 3 
9 8 o o S A N PEDRO 
O P EN SU N D A Y 

JAMIL 

 ls t - o f - t h e 
77son SALE 

* 4oo NEW CARS 

TO CHOOSE FROM 

★ 15o USED CARS 

AT SPtCIAl SAVINGS 

• W ESTSIDE • 

4 7 o 7 W . CO M M ERCE 

 vt 4 3 3 - 1 4 6 4 

7o Cam ara, arr conditioned, p o w er steering 
L ik e new 
824-9548 
481-3937 
M 
*8 to m o r o a u la 2-dear h a rd tg p 
S45o 1527 C u i e b r a ^ ^ ^ ^ H H 
71 t AM AHO . clean 114 4984 
M A K E P A Y M E N T S T A K E TH A P B 
C A M A N O 
’ lu liy loaded low r t | 
M u st s e ll B e s t o ile r 
734 6324 or 
736 1o25 a tte r * 

 i i C a m a ra , lo a d e d . E x tr a cle a n 
>24-9845, at *61-2637 
7 5 C A M A R O 
L o a d e d ta k e g e a r paym ent*, na dow n 222 >4)1, AAgrto 
7 2 Cam ara N ice ) 224 4984 
Take Trode M ake P ayment* 
41 c 4 M A k 6 327 V I , a u to , e e r y cleon, 815o8 478-o899 8-8 p m 
*9 C A M A R O V I. a u te a ir. p o w e r steering, new paint, goad con d 
M h W i S S S S S S S S 
7 6 C A M A R O 38o V I. Street A v a ile r m anifold, H oHey 2 hoi ca rb u re to r outo, clean *14oo firm 144 1534 
72 C a p ric e 4-duor h a rd to p , au to 
E x* a nice 8)29o 3527 C u leb ro 
73 CAPRI $1888 

C O U P E 4 speed 

JAMISON M iry Seguin I i i SJO I 

7o C a ta lin a , good tran*.""""' 
8395 c a ll 349 9235 
'i i i C.hone.m er Sport H i 4t$^ 
T A H E f R A D E M A H E P A V M E N I 
72 C h arg er FAA stereo New fire* 
M a ke po /m en f* 224 *956: 
4$ 
Maiibrrere rr^ condition. 81495, 824 WSO. 
41 C H lv E L L E AAAr f i o T B R auto 
Pow er, a ir 
Co*9 te rm * 
224-6954 
7 1 Chew M o n jrj V i Auto, a ir, low mile* M u ll sell *2695 494 7)77 
•74 c h e v ro le t L ag u na T T T T T 7 new 
Loaded 
549oo 
I 538 2614 
I 538-26/1. 

"To" JORDAN FORD'S 
AFTER CHRISTMAS CLEARANCE! 
OUR ENTIRE INVENTORY OF NEW '76 & '77 FORDS & USED CARS 

7 7 T H U N D E R B I R D 
•119” * 

Cruiteem atic, air, 351 VB, rodiol liras, tinted girns, dark blue, biwa vinyl fop and athar feature!, Stk. #1789. *48 month! at 
$119.99 par month with trada-in af $135o. annual parcantaga rota 1o.97, deferred payment prko $71o9 32 Cath Knee $ 5 9 9 5 
Only tax 8 title net included 

' 7 7 1 7 D l l " S ” 
*98,T* 

PER M CMATH 

2 Doer, 3o2 V8, crunaomotK, air, radial whitewall tire*, tinted glass, occent group and athar features, Stk. J I 73o. *48 month* at $98.17 per month w ith trada- in af $135o, annu al parcantaga rata 
1o.97, deferred payment price $6>o62.T6. 
Cash Nice $515o. Only tax A title not included 
PER M O N T H 

Immediate... 
*2oo CASH REBATE 
ON ALL R EM A IN IN G N EW & DEM ONSTRATOR ’76 FORD 
PASSENGER CARS. OFFER GO O D THRU JA N . IO , 1977 

LOT MANAGER'S AFTER CHRISTMAS SPECIALS 

• 
DOWNTOWN • 

71 COUNTRY 5 ? , io’“ 
“ senger, power and air......... 
I t D v 

’ 7A. r U A k i A n i 2 door' hof!,,oP' 
I O W K A n iA U A V-8, air, p o e t r . . , . . steering.............................. 
4IV5 
76 GRANADA 
‘ , , onc 
AM fM stereo 
................... 
3895 

 tw o T n V A T A d drive, air 

I O I U I U I A conditioned, power < o o n r steenng........................................ 3395 

• NORTHSIDE • 

* w a i n n Rabbit, automatic, ait, low , . n n { 
74 VW miles, like new 
/VY5 

 f b . t a o i s Granada 4 dr, 6, auto 
/ 5 r U K D malic, oir, power, vinyl 
. . . top, bucket seat*........................... * 5 4 7 J 

74 VW SQUAREBACK 
J O O C 
Just tike new.............................. 
995 

72 OPEL CT J S T ? . . . . * . .‘1995 

• SOUTHSIDE • 

IW W H A W A 4 d l' 3 ‘P®ed' 6 
/ / N U V A der, 
Ironsportotion J | P Q r special.......................................... I DVD 
72 INTERNATIONAL X. automatic, fully overhauled V8 $1 OOH engine......................................... I# 
75 PINTO 
>2995 

72 GALAXIE 5 o o , . . . oc air, pawer, vinyl top, bucket seats... 3495 

MOST UNITS ELIGIBLE FOR EXTENDED SERVICE POLICY 

- B O Y , D O W E H A V E A D E A L E D R Y O U ' 

• DOWNTOWN • 
615 S. St. Mary's 
227-1311 
• NORTHSIDE • 
Loop 41o at McCullough 

3 4 4 - 8 3 9 6 
• SOUTHSIDE • 
414 S.W. Military Dr. 

9 2 3 - 4 5 6 6 

BARGAINS ★ BARGAINS * BARGAINS 
SAVE $3oo TO $8oo DURING THIS SALE 
DEALERS WELCOMED — BRING YOUR TAX NUMBER! 
REMEMBER: lf you don’t buy your car from TINDALL’S you’ll pay too much! 
72 BONNEVILLE £ f."*"’' !**? *"k 
‘1o88 
72 MONTEGO 
‘ 1688 
72 LUXURY SHUTE.?*' 
^ 
‘2188 
73 LEMANS 
‘2188 
'73 DELTA 88 ST'’*1' 
‘2988 
>3288 

Safari Station Wagon, loaded. 
J u s t........................................................ 
Convertible loaded, only ane in city. 
J a i l .................................................. 

’ 7 2 C D A b m D D I V ^“ **Y leaded, block on black, 
/ J U K A N I / “ K I A driven only 39,ooo mile*. Just . . . 
73 BUICK H 
T 
* 
*2288 
74 CUTLASS 
Supreme 2-dr. hardtop, loaded. Just like new. Just .............................................. 

' H A B l i n i *•* *P#rt feuae, radio, heater, factory cir, 
/ 4 A U D I AM /fM i law m ile*, |e*t like new. Ju*t . . . . . . 

U o**k 4-dr. leaded, excellent condition 
’74 CAPRICE E? 
75 GRAND PRIX window* I teat, crane central. 

*3388 
*2588 
..*2588 

*4488 
Best Buy in city for 
’75 ELITE Lt JS S ^ i ' J r t ! dri"" *4488 
75 TRANS AM i^ ..^ .r ,!y.,^ o.",WM:....»4588 

* 7 C H D A K i n i l l l I C 
< •M,r^*eg, loaded with AM /fM 
U K A N U V I l L t Stereo 8 track, power window* A 
. . . . . 
•eat, tilt wheel, cruise control duer lock*. Just ..................... 4 5 8 8 
75 LE MANS t,'’.1*"'*:1”-*’ 1’" 
»3588 
75 CAMARO iS t'C ’* 
>4188 
’76 CATAUNA 
>4388 

76 FIREBIRD 
‘4588 
75 GRANADA 59.!^.!?!.^ 
‘3488 t^rjj Q |y|^ Hi^Stena Vt ton Pickup, leaded. Ju*» like new. 
$ ^ 2 8 8 

75 FORD ^ ^ r . . ,^.'.>^ : ^ :." <" r i,; !‘2788 r y e f * A A f i* n a D attic V. ten Pickup leaded with 454 c a n o n 
JO U m C engine. Sold new by us. Just..................*4288 
76 MONTE CARIO S SI 
J * r 14"* .‘4888 
76 GRAND PRIX 
^ 
75 CATALINA 
.4rh~. 
.‘3588 
7o GRAND PRIX SS**4: “ ““ 
......*1188 
71 GRAN SJr.”?^. 
I***"11*“! 
‘1588 
71 TRANS AM ^ '.r1 K ^ ,lr5.rC;.'~,.*2688 
73 CUTLASS ZZZ '£, ta,4M*: ,~4-' 
*2988 
•75 CUTLASS 
" T - ““.‘4188 
76 CUTLASS S T ” l"* 4' *'"* 
’ ““ .‘4788 
'69 GMC fibT. 
*•*" 
‘ 1288 
71 LEMANS K '.‘^ . ‘r^ .!r,.."*..T” !!‘ l888 
73 GRAND AM 
‘2688 
MANY. MANY MORE FINE CARS TO CHOOSE FROM 
TINDALL and SON PONTIAC— GMC 
3915 SAN PEDRO 
736-1 

I ’ A 
V 
E 
N 
D 
E 
R 
’ S 
“ SPECIALS” 

76CHEVY 
>4695 
'75 ToRoNADo r “ ‘5995 
73 olds iS z iT ^ s n ^ r r.r4 >2195 
75 chevy s t j r s : ? r . r r *3995 
75 buick X 
‘arrisn/?'.- .rrr.r4‘4295 
75 MERCURY 
>4695 
’75 PONTIAC^ '& 2 £ £ r r ..m‘ >3995 
75 FORD LTD ^ X ? V w l'~ " “ 4>3795 
74 CHRYSLER 
2895 
74 CHEVROLET SS^W .4/ r h* n,* '‘329$ 
72 OLDS 
*>2695 
76 olds zxssaz.'??.* f . r r >6995 
72 MERCURY r X 'S ; t r .. t r G ? r n' >2195 
76 OLDS 237,‘trt!2 ^ 
*’ p*B-r *5195 
71 OLDS 
*2295 

12,ooo MIU Oft 12 MONTH MOTORS INSURANCf CORP. 
MtCHANICAl INSURANCE AVAILABLE ON MANY Of OUR 
74 OR NEWER MODELS. 

* 4C O N F I D E N C E I S C A V E N D E R ” 

Cavender Oldsmobile Co. 
1oo1 Broadway • 226-7357 • 226-8772 

’ 7 6 FIREBIRD m w^x 
ESPRIT 
^ 
ALL P O W E R , AIR, 
— 
„ I 
— 
AUTO M ATIC, O N LY 
- -■ r 
14,ooo M ILES. 

SALE 
S J M E 
O m 
PRICED . . . ™ # 9 j F 9 

TINDALL and SON PONTIAC-GMC 
39oo San Pedro 
736-1561 

19/1 C h evro let, 3 seat wagon. FulTy e q u ip p e d , low nu. 736 19oV d a y * . 
684 o184 night* and w eekend* 
7o C h e v y t e lA ir ^ A u to 4 - io a r 
Sedan e x tra cle a n 
8591 
3527 
C u le b ta 

’ 73 C H E V Y C A P R I C E 
T a ke over paym ent*, no e q u ity, t a ll 
Joh n J ii i rn , 34V 6948 

74 C h e v y C a p r e 2-daar h a rd to p 
21,6o9 m ile* 51495. A sk tar D ave. 
423-1444 
69 C H E V Y C a p ric e , ro d # , a ir. H L 
V I, a u te G o a d co n d 11695. R o y , 
F t u r t t v it li <1)391 4726 
I'49 C H E W im pala 2-dder hardtop' 
VI, aute Goad iran spar taitan 8495. linrtarsao fidflUohif) 111 lilfi 

4/ C H C V Y I M P A L A 
S ta nd ard. V t, 8795 
T O M B E N S O N IM P O R T S 
9*oo S A H P E D R O 
54) 1356 
44 C H E W ( M i l k 4 d oar, auto", re b u ilt ana. 
E x tra cle o n 
8595 
4752249 
73 C h e w Im pala } door hardtop 
E xtra cleon 52195 Ask tar Greg, 
423)444_________ 
74 <?hevy Impala 4-door 
Atk Par Grog 4 » 1464 
'i s C h e w K in g w a e d w agon 
$ sealer Goad cand it tan *56o 242 /956 
75 id H i V V M alibu 6 a * m 
Cleon, loaded 51156 455 6444 
■TL,gVlg77'ffonbu Wobom'v r~jr radio, 8345o 532 7354 tiitsJv lUai4rb'dAdLO.''7*-AM- 
P M ite r od tape, cru ise . 
84364 
484-4677_____________________________ 
75 d h e v y M a n t a 3 p lu s I, $,1166 m ile* One aw ner L o a d e d 824-9845. 
611 291/ i$7S Chevy Alom a *7195 
~ 
Ask For O V 431 14*4 
7j ctt^vv NflVA.'DrtainrveVT; 
3o7 VB, outo . a ir, po w er ste e rin g 
L o w m ile a g e r a d ia l* , e x c e lle n t cond, 2 dr IWOV 826 6343. » 6 p m , atter 6 
824 /o78 or see of 41/ H o r m on Dr 
1975 C h e w 9 p a s s e n g e r * to tia n w a g o n 
L o a d e d . 5 2 9 9 5 -a sk to r 
W oody. 411-1468 

 x x s x i e wee rn. we l i e n e e ! rn. rn « 9 t 
^ 

5 
A 
X 
* 1 

LONI STAB “ SPECIALS” 

73 KARMANN GHIA S T T S j^ fiC : ‘2677 
73 TOYOTA r 
.»24«8 
72 MAVERICK a^T^SLj 
. . . ‘179S 
72 VW CAMPER K T 4’ 
T T 
I A ll/* AyOem elk, r t A t . law 
73 VW BUG 
79R5 
*2195 
7o VOLKSWAGEN 
. *1495 
76 VW iiSiS.Tew'Sfc. .T T ',. •*r: ‘3795 
*74 VOLKSWAGEN SST J j K 'JT?. *■ 
74 VW 
74 VWBUSk^ T X ' ^ 
74 VW BUS 
74 VOLKSWAGEN 
73 VW SOUARfBACK 

7S77 
2488 
3995 
7' *295 
CwnvwrttMe. Mwnderd. 
T 
X. 
2M I 
£ 
*1695 

Lone Slor v o l k s w a g t 

................' 
8 ' ? 4 - 7 3 1 1 

I t 

Son Antonio EXPRESS-NEW S— Soturday January 8 1977 

EXPRESS-NEWS BONUS ABS 
2 u n e s 
TEXAS SIZE SAVINGS... IOdays 
# 

NONcS^U5SfIAU 2 2 5 - 1 6 6 6 
CANCELLABLE 
J U B JE U I NBP 
B — 
BHB NEB 
WITHOUT 
RATE CHANGE 
QUICK RESULTS! 

_________ 
. 
— 
I 

TyTOMOBUES " ) ( ? j 8 ) C 
AUTOMOBILES * ^ ( ? j 8 ) f"""AUTOMOBILES 
) ( ? l 8 A U T O M O B I L E S ’* " ) (ST S) C AUTOMOBILES 
AUTOMOBILES 
( 
AUTOMOBILES f 
AUTOMOBILES 
" ) (?T j£ C 
AU TO M O BILESj(jjj]j) 

I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 

I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
A ii 
I 
I 
I 

I 
I 
I 

H m m 

1976 
DEMO & 
EXECUTIVE CARS 

SAVE S t ‘1ooo 
UP 
TO 
O N OUR 
QUALITY USED CARS 

1. ALL UNITS HAVE SERVICE W ARRAN TY REMAINING. 
2. SOME UNITS HAVE THE FULL 12 MONTHS OR 12,ooo MILES W ARRANTY REMAINING. 
3. ALL UNITS HAVE AIR CONDITION, POWER STEERING, POWER DISC BRAKES, TINTED GLASS AND 
M AN Y OTHER OPTIONS. 

MONTE CARLO 
Executive, mahogany metallic landau, Stock Na. 5219. 
LIS? PRICE 
$6773.85 
DISCOUNT 
$8698S 

M ALIBU 

C la stic , 4 - d o o r 
S e d a n , 
S to ck N o . 5 4 3 o . 

LIST PRICE 
$ 6 o 7 8 
D IS C O U N T 
$695 

MONZA 2 + 2 

Stock N o. 5 5 9 5 

LIST PRICE 
• 
$5484.96 
DISCOUNT 
*395 

CAPRICE 
Executive Sport Sedan, light blue, warranty. Stock No. 52o3. 
LIST PRICE 
$7687 
DISCOUNT 
*125o 

CAPRICE 

Clastic 
Executive, dark blue metallic. Stock No. 6438. 
LIST PRICE 
$ 6 7 6 1 . 8 5 
D IS C O U N T 
*959 

MONTE CARLO 

Stock No. 5442 

LIST PRICE 
$6229.85 
DISCOUNT 
*785 

N O V A 

Concours, 2-door Sedan, silver. 
Stock No. 728o. 
LIST PRICE 
$ 5 5 6 1 . 3 5 
D IS C O U N T 
599 

MALIBU 
Clonic 
Sedan, metallic. Stack Ne. 543o. 
LIST PRICE 
$6o78.8o 
DISCOUNT 
*695 

N O V A 

2 - d o o r 
S e d a n , 
S to c k 
N o . 5 8 o 4 . 

LIST PRICE 
$ 5 2 I 1.35 
D IS C O U N T 
$ 5 7 5 3 5 

EXECUTIVE 
Demo Caprice Coupe landau, 
Mack, warranty. 
Stock 
Na. 
5256 LIST PRICE 
$7334.85 
DISCOUNT 
*114o 

N O V A 

C o n c o u rs , 
4 - d o o r te - 

 d a n . sto c k N o . 7 3 6 6 . 
LIST PRICE 
$ 5 5 4 6 . 3 5 
D IS C O U N T 
6o1 

IMPALA 
4 -d o o r 
Sedan, 
Stock 
N o . 5262. 
LIST PRICE 
$5665.85 
DISCOUNT 
*92o1o 

72 CUTLASS SSK*, w a s * 2*95 .... n o w *2195 
I 72 PONTIAC Sm lf WAS*2795 n o w *21951 
73 VEGA #89»ooA, WAS 51991........... n o w *1595 
{ ’73 LEMANS #86o2a, w as $3195..... n o w *23951 
’73 MAVERICK #884ia, w a s $2795 n o w *2195 
I ’73 CAPRICE #P1o6A, WAS$2995. ... n o w *22951 
I ’73 OPEL #8724A, WAS $199S n o w *1695 
173 MAVERICK #8858, w A$ $ 2 m . n o w *19951 
74 TORINO * ; 925" a, WAS 53,95 n o w *2395 
|74 CAPRICE #71o34, W AS$3995 ... 
NOW *29951 
75 VALIANT #/o 3sa, was $3*95 n o w *2995 
I 75 FURY #6*794, WAS $4o95............ now *3395 J 
I 75 VEGA 5*Plo9, WAS $2695 
NOW *2195 

... 

SAUSMAN OF THE YEAR AWARD 
Ancira-W m ton Chevrolet announces Roland Gclive, hot earned the distinguished aw ard a s salesm an of the year 
— 2nd straight year — for outstanding soles and service to his customers. Roland has been em ployed at 
Ancira W inton Chevrolet for 4 years 
He pledges con tinned service and best deals to his custom eis ond cor dially invites everyone to stop by and visit him at 4 3 7 
N Flores at Martin 

,----------- V A L U A B L E C O U P O N ------------1 
TUNEUP I 
SPECIAL I 

LACE POINTS, PLUGS, SET TIMING, AND 

I ADJUST 
CARBURETOR 
CHEVROLET 
CARS 

ONLY REG. 39.95 

N O W 

175 CHEVROLET P l",p 
#P8o, WAS $4795-. NOW *4295 ll 
2 
4 
9 5 
ONLY 

OFFER GOOD ONLY AT N. FLORES AT MARTIN 

CAPRICE 

C la s sic 
L an d a u , 
Sto c k 
N o . 5 2 5 6 . 

LIST PRICE 
$7334.85 
D IS C O U N T 
*114o 

Concours, 
87 42. 
N O V A 
Stock 

LIST PRICE 
$5489.35 
DISCOUNT 
*499 

MONTE CARLO 

Sto ck N o . 5 1 7 7 

LIST PRICE 
$6773.85 
D IS C O U N T 
*895 

75 DATSUN # 7 76o A, WAS $3395 
NOW *2695 
75 BIG DOOLIE #7748A, WAS $5195 NOW *4595 
75 CHEYENNE #8838, WAS $4795 ...NOW *4395 
74 LUV #87ooA, WAS $299& 
NOW *2395 

TUNE AUTOMATIC 

TRANSMISSION 

Chevrolet 

 so TO 
CHOOSE 
FROM 

VfcStidc 
Bchbvdlbu 

A U x h e W g y . 

 r n 

M ALIBU 

C la ssic , 
S to c k 
N o . 
7 3 6 o 
LIST PRICE 
$ 6 o 1 2 . 7 5 
D IS C O U N T 
*7 5475 

N O V A 

Concours. 
Stock 
N o. 
52 oo. 
LIST PRICE 
$6143.35 
DISCOUNT 
*589 

’73 NOVA #P1o3, WAS $2955 
NOW *2195 

I 
I 
I 
I 
I 

I INSPECT FOR LEAKS, CHANGE FLUID, CLEAN 

{FILTER, AND GASKETS CHEVROLET CARS 

I ONLY. REG. 24.95 

{ n o w t j ONLY 

I 
I 
I 

‘K e e p That Great GM Feeling With 

Geunine GM Parts’ * 

A N C I R A , W 
I N T O N 

BUY, RENT OR LEASE 
N. FLORES AT MARTIN • 225-5333 
19o1 BROADWAY 
• 
224-5516 

RSI 
SPECIALS 
12-12 Mechanical Insurance Coverage Available 
MOTOR INSURANCE CORPORATION f l u t e Collow Supreme btu* and whit*, power i c M C f i 
JO ULUS and ow....................................j / j U 

7 5 C H E V R O L E T X 
. “ ”. . I X 
, - * 
‘4 4 7 5 
, — m n , . . r n limited. 4 door hardtop, blown and . . . . . 
74.BUICK white Mimer. 
'43SO 

•74 O L D S 9 8 ^ 
- 
^ 
. 
" “ ' . ' ‘' ' . ‘4 2 7 5 

• 7 4 B U IC K S T 
Z " " 4 “!*'' . r r 
“ '..‘4 2 5 o 

•7 4 b u i c k S T 
J ? : 
M 
‘3 1 o o 

'7 4 B U IC K R 
I S * ? 
‘3 8 7 5 

’7 5 F O R D I I D i f 
‘3 8 2 5 

’7 5 F O R D 
.355o 
*7 A D I V Ail A l (TLI Vo,M,n, 
8*«ughsm, 
4 door, 
* 4 r i T m U U I n brown ond white, power ond . . . . . mr, extra dean, low mileage......................... 3 o 5 o 

’7 4 B U IC K E S T 
. 
“ r * : . . 
‘2 9 9 5 
DI H T V Skyhowk, automatic, air, power 
J J BUICK steering, pedect condition, looks like . . . . . 
■jm new, yellow, 18,ooo miles .................. 
3 4 7 5 

7 5 F O R D 5 f , ^ f * ,T . r * . ~ ‘ ” : . ‘3 7 5 o ’ 

7 3 O L D S M O B IL E 8 8 - t S T , ,S L k3 
S t. , „ low miles................... 
* 2 7 5 o 

B U I C K CO. 

44oo SAN PEDRO 
7344224, 

# 
■ DODGE■ 
CHARGER 
S H O A L EDITION 
% 

% 
% 

•585o 
B es dbl 
A n O u t . i c , d m * Bwyi 

• 
J . M I Y C H K L L D O 
B O 
I t 
M 
D A D M A V 
2274211 

" m m 

C 

- 
’J***"-' f 
*.i t 

Givin 
Graham’/ 
1123 N. MAIN 
1977 MERCURY MONARCH 

4-DO OR 
SEDAN 

S e H a b la E sp a n o l 

 lincoln 

 r n (fcw y 

225-65o1 

O f— 
--------- 

Moderately priced yet surprising!y lux­ urious . . . Mercury Monarch is the car of tomorrow. Here today! 

 r J 
#87oo5 

T U D EEN G IN EER ED * ^tcvitr 

Factory Aer 

Power Steering 

Power Due Front Brokes 

W hite Sidewall Tires 

Style Steel W heels 

Tinted G la ss 

A M Radio 

MERCURY M O N ARCH . . . the p re visio n sixe car w ith a touch o f class. 

* 1 1 7 . 2 o * 
Per month 
$4895 includes dealer Prep. I Freight. 

46 at $117 IO Wa, M w tk .H S Pawn Payment et $SOO. eta* tan. twta A Iu m m . V S aetwaved <r»6M Annual pere#mage rote 12.44 Cath w k * 84B9S Deterred peymeeI ,>u t M I M M 

I VSS C k w w a g o n 
T o k * o v e r payments Ask tor O V 4J3 1464 
C H E V Y W A G O N 72 kin g sw o o d loaded *o OOO mi O riginal owner 
S2195 days *24 2o45, (1)5*9 4427 ■ 

SS5B 

 to C h r y sle r auto 4 door hor atop 
Extra nice *7963527 Culebra 
:?S c h S y s l e a ’siboo---------- 
C A L L 734-22*4 
74 (UHR YSI eti cd*boa*— 
M ust sell 
14.ooo m iles Mew ca r warranty SS,ooo 444 4981 
74 C H R Y S L E R C o rd o v a F u lly equipped. I owner V e ry low mi 
Like new *4494 Wilt trode 923 2*81 
C h rysle r Cordoba 197*, P ersonal car, C h r y sle r Executive, need to se ll im m e d ia te ly , fu lly e q u ip p e d 
494 6931, 732 8155 

I 49 C H R Y S L E R 4-door, auto VS, 
*294 COH 224 441o 
CHRYST. * R N E W P O R T ! Ti Sup i i clean, like now *1o*8. bv owner 
124 1233 
T S C h r y s l e r sta tio n W agon 
Doctor * car 3 seats, tufty looded 
*29oo betty 343 IM I 
Clean U t * Used C ars Af: 
B U D G E T R E N T A C A R 349-4443 
338 N E Loop 41o at Airport Blvd 
'^3 '( AAa/do feolor a u to ” P M tai 
29 OOO mi *165o 458 (Hit 8247574 
C O N T IN E N T A L M A R K I V r 73 
Fully loaded, *53oo *54-4877 ■ 

Wee Super loaded Clean ,,, ii* swaged yyuu.eback ....... levy Im pala Hardtop ........ ercury Brougham , loaded. Ilk* 

C E N T E R A U T O S A L E S 
•37 R O O S E V E L T -***-!!** 

*8 C H E V Y Super Sport VS. auto . power factory air, good mechanical cond *5*5 Will trad* 923-2883. 
74 C H fe v Y v i o l t u t t i C o li 
341-8872onyttme 
C H E V Y -47 1/8 sit..Kl ltd,' rool'mc.'* 
*495 344-3729 

44 (‘ o H T ’iHgTTT A f TE eol "clean, pi c Ie, I body 824 1865 
' i i Cot voir Mon ta good body, bell 
.tier 824 9491 *56 o531 
C O R V E T T i 64 4iV. stanford, con vertioie *9* 728* 
___________ _ 
72 C O U G A R Air, pawer, automa 
♦ic $18o8. 4*1 2o81 otter 4 
1973 C O U G A R 
$2494 COH 341-9412 

•7o C O U G A R , v e ry good. 
441 3o*4 441 4741 
74'c riiiG A R X » > imfl' ni. M f g 
Codette O ia d 9 . m o w a r r a n t y , 
54995, att 4, 746 8583, 736 8167 
1971 Country Sa u ir* Svctuc wagon 
9-passenger 51995 Ask tor Greg, 
433 1444 
•49 CU D A, Red 
White stripes 
*795 
4*1 JOO*, 
441-4741 
7* d o llo p s b ro u g h a m tio r s i T 
Tops, Coll atter 6 p in 92/ i/CV 

 m 7 D 7 l ^ is c o N v t b t i b L t All power and air Factory tape s y s ­ tem New tires, low mileage *225o 
149 3224 or 349^/66 
C U T L A SS 1973 ' U ke new M ust selli 
Will Map finance Call John 222 o984 
74 d U f L A i s Salon t Yoe, fully 
•Quipped 
*4oM or 
Best otter 
434-5251. 
7 T ~Cu f L A S * $ 2 dr . looded * No cash with trade 224-4956 
72 CUTLASS SUPREME 
C O N V E R T IB L E , outom otic, air, pow er steering, b ra k e s tu c k e t scots, console Im m aculate condi­ tion M I >433, M f 7373 to r ollas* Suprem e 2 dr Like new 
T A K E T R A D E 224 *954 
'74 C u t l a s s Suprem e V I, auto , power, toe tot y air A M S M stereo 
(apt, like new 
Will trad* 
*39*5 
923 2883 
74 C U T L A S S S U b R k M I. loaded mc*, take up payments, 924 4471 
C u T L n i l J W l M 
V 72 loaded* mc*, toke up payments, 914 4471 t i C U T L A SS Suprem e Auto . air, 
A M tap* V e ry clean, m ust sell! 
342-1973 ; 888+2)5 
69 D art Sw inger 2 doer hardtop 
Auto 
Extra cleam 
5778 
3527 

’76 TRANS AM 

All power, 

 automatic, 

A M/ F M stereo tape, power 

 windows, only 9,ooo miles. 

SALE 

PRICED 

TINDALL and SON PoNTIAC-GMC 

39 oo Son Pedro 
* 
73 6-1 5 6 1 

'71 OC M O N Standard 2 door hard top Sacrifice *45o cosh 434 2433 
^ D G T _ 'h A b t V P 1 *,o<5 
- V >'H 
4 ipeed, sharp *1o95 494 5313 lT fl' P od g* f hor aer "(jioitT'vinyi loin power, air, new tires See to ap braciole 333 /6o4 

 logon Aute., ow I owner Like new *279* Witt trade 
9232813 

6 6 6 W 
W 
T L o re n a) afrV pow r steering broses, 4 dr ext- tires 
1o3o Cibolo Trail. U niversal City 

74 D O D G E Coronet. 3-dr h e r# *., pawer, air, tune up paym ents, ne equity must sacrifice, 
Keith 
227 7511 
------------ 42 M O A K D A R T 

"OUR BIGGEST USED CAR SALE” 

ALL PRICKS RIDUCEDI 

STATION WAGONS - COMPACTS - LUXURY 

CARS 

W A S 
75 CHRYSLER ££*~~-r. Z I tar, att, law ttulaaga. ......... 3H9) 

N O W 

*4895 

75 CHRYSLER 
^ 
Heater, air, Uke nee*......... 
|4495 
•3995 

'75 CHEVROLET H L * . 4^K: , 
Heat*., arr, e.tro clean....... pSOY* 
*2995 

75 oODGE^.n£TZL. r,JU 
54494 
‘3995 

75 PINTO e m 
*3995 

74 PLYMOUTHr^Zm *£Z: „ . haatar, air..... 52495 

 rn 

 e 
« a 

 mwmtmmmmMmuiitm 

72 OLDSMOBILE ^ T t d rn,’" 1Mf# 
•1995 

73 CADILLAC 
54145 
*3695 ten ISI HZ'lr tanturien. 
TXIar 
/J BUKR Uni Ut ap, alt paw ar and 
__ air...... ...................... *2995 
*2695 

74 PLYMOUTH K S S a i ^ radio, air and pawer .......... 52995 
•2695 

74 OLDSMOBILE 
•3695 
•49 tnnrt tart na 4 daar automatic, t i F UH Ll radio. Haatar, att. claon 
52395 
•1995 
•7o DA ARRI FR An+aeoador Station 
# rn. it #% evil# LL ii PT ti port. lAlpptlQD tecii. eu5om4»»u rm&a, K*ot•» att 
$1^9$ 
•1595 

69 OLDSMOBILE i l b J r b ' ___ la, Uaatac, att. ......... . 
51295 
• 995 

’69 PLYMOUTH 
TcX" 
Haatar air.................... 51295 
• 995 

69 CADILLAC oXX.........51495 
• 995 

71 FORD Lift f i r s t 
" 
5169$ 
*1395 

71 CHEVROLET S R 
. L . 
•Harp..... .............. . . 
5194! 
•1695 

7 1 m e 
•I 795 

O.R. MITCHEI 
CHRYSLER 
MOO BRO AD W AY „ !SS., * 3 2 -3341 

 a u J D fl 
Mechanics Special 
THfU CAH M I M W C if H A D I-th) TO Bf SOLD AS A 
'87 DOOGl Fell Up, automate 
............. ,$ 854 

85 CHIVY Nek Up. itondeid YI, lust overhurried............ | SIS 

'73 CHIVY Pick Up, Stoddard 6. 
Hep od* 
............... 1195o 

7 1 FOBO f IOO, automatic. 
YI ........................... 5225o 

7 4 CHIVY ( TO, 4x4, automatic, VB 
...........52975 

7 4 TOYOTA Uondord, tong md* bed ...................... 1237$ 

7 4 DOOGl Yon, Uondurd, rodi*. heater................... 
52975 
71 DODO! Yon, TMO ... 5255o 
73 roto Courier, standard 5145o 
7$ FORD im, 4 ip**d. nuke. healer........... 5257$ 

NORTH CENTRAL FORD 
98oo SAN PEDRO 341-SS71 Ext. 3o3 
• O p e n S u n d a y ! • _______________ 

 k t 
I 

San Antonio E X P RESS-N EW S— 
Saturday January 8 I £ 7 7 Assembly line tour is popular 

Ufo * i 
A RO U G E PLA N T v is ito r finds a q u ie t co rn er fo r em ­ broidering in Ford’s G u est C en ter a t D earb o rn, M ich. 
— XDKHfeSW9r»io>tIY 

Continued from Page I where thick steel slabs are converted to coiled sheets every two minutes. * 
Visitors are guided over catw alks1 that look down upon giant furnaces that turn out slab after slab of fiery steel. 
Children and oldsters alike look on in awe as the :i2-foot-long slabs are reheated and repeatedly elongated until they are half-mile-long sheets of steel. 
Second stage 
The second stage of the tour takes visitors to the Dearborn Assembly 
Plant where they see the Mustang ll being assembled. They are led by the tour guides along the assembly line, seeing the timed, precise interplay of man and machine on the production line. 
Over the years, the Rouge complex has become a “ must see" in the De­ troit area. Guest Center representa­ tives point out. Visitors often plan their vacations around a stop at the— 
Rouge or make trips just to take the tour, they say. 
That interest grew even more dur­ ing the mid-seventies when Ameri­ cans got into the Bicentennial spirit and became more interested in what their country had to offer, noted 
Dowling. 
“ I ’d known about the tour since 

A typical tour begins with a free bus ride from the 
Guest Center to the Rouge complex 

 a u t o m o t i v e d i s p c a s 

 grade school, but this was my first chance to take it,” said an electrical engineer visiting from Lexington, 
Mass. In Detroit on company busi­ ness, he and a fellow engineer took advantage of a break in their work to visit the Ford facility. 
A Brooklyn, N.Y., homemaker and her sister-in-law, an osteopath from 
London, England, made a point to take the tour at the urging of rela­ tives in Detroit. 
“ They told us so much about it that we were interested in seeing it for ourselves,” the visitors said. 
Sales people 
Local residents who have made the tour are perhaps the best sales people for it. They often include the Rouge tour in their plans for entertaining visiting family and friends. 
For one Detroit rabbi, the tour was, the first attraction he thought about. for his two brothers visiting him*! from Rochester, N Y 
“ The Rouge complex has such an outstanding name as something in­ teresting in Detroit,” the rabbi said. 
A native of Germany living tem­ porarily in suburban Detroit included 

 the tour on the itinerary for friends visiting from her homeland 
“ I liked it so much, and I found the steel mill operations particularly in­ teresting,” she said. 
It was the third tour for the visitor from Marlton, N .J., who takes time out from most of his visits with his brother to see the Ford complex. 
The New Jersey man said he had taken a particular interest in the Hot 
Strip M ill operations, with an an eye toward possibly entering some type of engineering in that area. 
Major stop 
In many cases, a trip to the mam­ moth Rouge complex with its diver­ sified operations is a major stop in some travelers’ planned visits to in­ dustrial plants around the country. 
“ We just like to see things, and we especially like to tour the plants in various cities,” said a woman from 
Salem, Ind. It was a second visit for the homemaker who first toured the complex in the 196o’s. 
Often parents see such industrial tours as a way of bringing the social studies book to life for their children. 
. , A family en route to their new 

 nome in Los Agates, Calif., took time out to stop over in Detroit so that their daughter could take the tour. 
On a good number of days, the tour not only offers a lesson in industrial development, but also presents the chance to see and talk with visitors from other lands. 
A visit by the Moiseyev Dancers — a folk dance troupe from Russia that performed at nearby Pine Knob Mu­ sic Theatre — was typical of the in­ ternational groups that regularly take the tour. 

4o,ooo guests 

Some special visiting groups, whose members total nearly 4o,OOO guests in an average year, have also included the crew and officers of the 
French destroyer Le Du Perre, the 
Swedish hockey team, army officers from Saudi Arabia, the World Press 
Institute and the Philippine olympic team, to name a few. 
Special dignitaries and their parties have included King Gustav of 
Sweden, and E iji Toyoda and Soi- chiro Honda, top officials of the Ja ­ panese auto industry. 
V isitors have in general been keenly interested in the vast facilities and the different operations they see on the Rouge tour. 
AUTOMOTIVI OttPUSjf 

TOM BENSON USED TRUCK SPECIALS 
COMPARE OUR PRICES— OVER 45 TRUCKS TO CHOOSE FROM 
W ORK OR PLAY TRUCKS— V A N S— EL CAM IN O S— SUBUR­ 
BANS— CREW CAB 

71 CHEV. T 7 S V S $ 1 o 9 5 
33,13o ECT. Mil** STK. 172o....... I T # . # 

’73 SUBURBAN * bta* 
CHIV Super, 3 

M u l l. from a n d roar mr. lilt w hea l. STK. *3995 
Vt Ion, wiver, Scottsdale 
PKD. loaded, AM Radio, M 
C 
G 
C 

1662...... 
’76 CHEV. 
454 ENG. STK. 14oS 

’75 El CAMINO E S loaded, burkei teals, AM Radio, SO A D C 
STK.o355A........................ 

’76 FORD 
SS S"J£ SAC o r loaded STK. 1297........................ 
#«# 
TTC m o r t 1/4 ,o" 188 4 whetl 
* rn r n * me 
/ 3 r U K U shell, 8 automatic, power, M 
Q 
Q 
% rodto, STK. 14o8A........................ ** 7 7 «# 
’74 DODGE »r«,r ^ .‘^:$4CQ C tamoer interior STK 1627 ............ 
* tm 7 tm 

’72 CHEV. Vt 
Ion slepsida 
_______ SWI, green, V8, automatic, power steering, radio $ T A Q £ 
STK 1729.......................... 

 l«fp f lir t / 'A ton. LWI. red, sif- 
/# V.nC V > verado, burkei seats, loaded, AM IM STK. 1282.............. 
Vt tan short W B , blue, 6*4695 yavg P ijr t l Vt ton snort W.B., blue, 6 
/ J V II CV. cyl., 3 speed, radio, priced $Q A Q £ at wholesale STK. 1517............... V V 7 J 

’TO EADfY 1/4 ,o" 
"h**1 
/ A ru m # base, green, 3-speed, 
VS, AM Radio, solid truck. STK. $ 
1732 ............................. 1495 

»7C rU C I/ * *>" LW*. 
# 
^ _ 
/ 3 V nC V . verado pkg. loaded, 454 $ A A Q £ 
ING., STK. oo65...................... * t* f 7 mf 

’73 EL CAMINO S k -23*2695 
Sport, brown, loaded, turbine wheels, bad cover STK. 1176..... 

VS ten, 
4- 
’74 SUBURBAN wheel drive, 3- S O A Q £ speed, VS, good wark unit, STK. 1699... a# Am J ■? 
MECHANIC SPECIALS 

’74 CHEV. VI 
**** 
STI 

71 DODGE * - Lwr' s 

VS power steering, air, SO A Q C 
AM/IM tape. STK o723A ................ A T l J 

A, 6 cyl Radio and $ 

Heat SIK. 16o1. 
1295 

’ 7A T IIE X / v* tr*“ cab- LWI> # 
/ 4 VITL V. blue, loaded, oui. tanks. S 4 D Q C 
454 (NG STK. o46o............................im J J 
’72 INTERNATIONAL TRAVELALl blue, leaded, goad trailer puller 
S Q Q Q C 
STK o6oTB.............................. /Lim I J 

• R A N C H E R 'S SPEC IA L • 
A V G . N A D A $ 4 3o o rn ,>•» rn ir r n A ton P.U IWR, Rad, white and blue, 18 ,6 7 V miles, 4 wheel drive, 4 
_ _ . 
^ _ _ _ _ 
1974 JE E P speed, ond loaded ........................................................... SA V E $1 oo o 

6 H E V R 9 L E T 
SAN PEDRO & LOOP 41o 
341-3314 

SALE 

5895 

• SOFT RAY GLASS 
• 3o1 V8 ENGINE 
• AUTOMATIC TRANSMISSION 
• FACTORY AIR CONDITIONING 
• RALLYE ll WHEELS 
• AM FM STEREO 
• 8 TRACK TAPE PLAYER 
• BODY SIDE MOLDINGS 
• SPORT MIRRORS-REMOTE CONTROL^ 
• POWER STEERING AND BRAKES 
• STK 9 4 9 4 
★SUPERIoR*PoNTIAC* 
W here Price Sells Cart and 
Service Keeps Custom er$ 
7 1 1 B R O A D W A Y 
2 2 7 - 5 o 4 1 

^ 
MONACO 
% 
4-door Sodan 
^ 
Fully equipped 
^ 
A Jo d o G reen Beauty 
> 
Stock # 2 o 4 
— 

• J . M IT CMRIX DOO CB 
I I M OOO AMR AV 
227*2211 

 w / i m i i v 

DEMO SALE 
ANY RIASONABlf OWER ACCEPTED 
O N 23 N EW *77 D EM O ’S 
TODAY AlloWAS 

4 COUGARS loaded 
*54oo 

13 MONARCH S as low as *4198 

I MARK V ‘"SB ?1 

5 MARQUIS ioad1S WAS 
*5987 
M UST A SK FOR 
DON HOLTS or JERRY HOLSTON 
225-65o1 

BIG COUNTRY 
SAUS 

2o Minutes from San Antonio, West on 1-1o to Boerne 
SPEC IA L D EM O S A L E !!!! 
1976 DEMONSTRATORS BELOW DEALER COST. 

B O E R N E 

♦> O s * 
A k 

V 
* J? A 
J 

5 , v V i i nm 
^ 
% 
\ 
\ x 

■nmttmmt 
V n F Y tN S tS cond 
Auto, irene . cc tinted gieee 
UM p a t TOU* OOST 

 redio. 

' " 
H r n 

•461* 

 l e v e r a f Other 1976 Demos to 
Choose from a t ta m e Savings! 
LARCK SKLECTION OF 1977 MODELS 
Pickups, LTD's, LTD ll's, T-Blrds, 
Granadas, Pintos, Mustangs. 

153 S. M a in , B o o r no, To k . 
S .A . D irect Lin o : 227-o86o 

'Where You Can Buy Country-Style!" 

STOCK 
REDUCTION 
SALE 
A U RAICES REDUCED 

72 poiara 
* *isoo 
’72 MAVERICK fcfTJTXE: 
TU?. .T*. *195o 
’75 GRAN FURY 
*375o 
68 SEDAN De VILLE SSSTp’..-". . ^ 
*125o 
’73 BEUIR ZSZottaZS* T T . T * ? : *18oo 
73 monaco &sr:.rrr;*\ ^ r * r . *26so 
7 5 AMCterr*, rrr. rrrr: * * 3 2 5 o 
75 coronet s rs ^ rN o ^ - 
»rr: *375o 
74 DODGE COLT EX? JU’JZT?. "I*: *235o 
74 NEWPORT Z&ZJZr’:. IT. 
*345o 
’75 CHARGER SSS: A 
*465o 
’68 CROWN IMPERIAL t£~:ff!IT T ’:•‘" ‘l l 5o 
7 o fury iii ss*-*.rrrr*. +: r*. *uoo 
7o CATALINA *2T: *:T:FT? . ? ? . *145o 
72 HORNET •vfcral^NMl ctom."N.r ’T" * f ‘19oo 
’71 MAVERICK 
*145o 
73 MARQUIS SZK#,I ’™ 
' 
*295o 
72 COUPE DeVillR ^ pmr,a , . a — . *295o 

74 MONACO 
*275o 
75 dodge s a L t t e .t r ." f r r \ r r r k: *325o 
73 dart assatrrr*. *:.**. r*-. - r. *265o 

( 74 BUICK V d tt. - m : *”■ *385o 
71 MERCURY 2TTC. 'T T . .'"'TT'. ITTT:‘IW S 

73 CHALLENGER 2ST^. 'JZT*. 
^ 
‘31 SO 
7i coronet a c riC g L y .rr.1! ^ 
* *i8so 
^74 DATSUN 
TTT ~ 
4 T*- T* *275o 

O.R. MITCHELL DODGE 

113o BROADWAY 
(Vt WMGI 
227-2283 

W I Ford L T D one owner. 4-aoor, iv. OOO m iles i i r n . A sh tor O V . 
43$ 144* ii ?erd tTO Station Waeon 
* uassvnevt auto 
MN Ut; 

'1% D O D G E D a r t H a rd to p t r e a t condition tuts trod* ME tov) 
UU (Jot OAST 
HAS ALL LUXUUV F EATUUfeS tet4 Special Edition Brauonom , door a ctrl auto. an power and air 
A M FAA rad io w ire wheel',, new fires, one owner. 3J OOO mi Si,I 
34(4394 

»om ro Wagon 9 prm 

VI. o7 SI5So COH i i i 4916 
• irC T JB T rS "1 s f 
! I 
W H & 6 K 
SHO J33-/594 3338 Boti Bilio 
I T J boor 
“TOSTI 
6» >c-’ 
W B U s t t * L cv f air tla n d U M m s * * , enc ellen I condition 
S IM S . 
MAUK 
■YYiTTmVFTT# Md tm Pard Grande. LO A D ED ! 4tM 
■lites Stilt in warranty S W S . Coil 
D avid 441-4131, ■ 

 t i P I R E S I H O . b e a u tifu l b u r a a n d v 
Honeycomb wheels, very clean t ilt * 124(1 it I 

E X E C U T IV E DEMO 

 tm Pard Mo na nu ii Cohra Load­ ed 144o miles SIHI ta warranty. 
IM H Cad 
David 441-4111. niahts 

 ond weekends l l ) 1444 

 fS F IV IftllB IS F I it — 
‘ 

Pick up Poy merits, call t i * U l t 

PIN E EMU o“ SH A B P 1 

Call M I M I} 

 t i FLEETW O O D 
D E V IL L E Oar ii 77 ti CO UPE 

4t Fairton* '.3o itart roof. 
Factory 4 speed 7244M4 
TmrroLo em----- 

Witt s 66 BulC« Electro, Sits My 66 
Cadillac ie ti j ij *927 m n m s m -------- t m 

Ask For Dave. 43) 1464 

Tr?6S6-------- 

>1o94 
47)OOS4 

’fT^b 
T77 '^'aSn’Ttbl-oS 

Arogon 
Auto, power ste erin g. 
OIC. radio, call 661-6/41 

Mon. Fri 8 5 

 ti FORD J44 Custom . ...... 1244o ti MERCURY Montes* ... *'*/• 
It FORD Torino 
................. U SM 
THESE CARS ARR LOADED! 
TH EY RUN ond LOOK GOOD! 

M M S FLO R ES 

 t i FOOD dountry Sauire MFagort bude ruuflh new bras, runs good! 
Needs electrical wark S466 ar best otter 4SS-44I* ofter I a rn 

 c u s t o m 4 d o o r, g o o d c o n aition, 341 o919 

 ow ner A ll 

 power, om fm «terea Seautitutlv hest ana mainioined 

4241141 rn PAI 6 woizttzzrzzrzr* 
UC pay merits. 9PASA/1 

FO R D i i fa b ia n # k JTToIJtoT power and cur runs but needs vol we 
UM. SISO. 341-/342 Otter aum 

PdRO A l t AX ie, I M I SOO power steering, power brokes, a i' auto. vin yl root, take-over pmts No 
Equity, 971 t il t 

■ r t " T g g B ” T T g .~ T akT - ov'e" payments, no eauity, call 
Sud. 
M h l M I 
E M 

 it? ) Ford (Iolan e i46 4-door Sodom 
U t il Ask far woody, e ll 1444 

 t i P6iF6 o i l A k V Loo'la iiH ow miles Clean Owner I4I-IM4 

T T foT o LT6."Vf,"<ipto' ; power. 

 factory air. e ice lle n t condition. 

 t i * ORD Musfar.g, e*c condilion 
Con otter 4PM 6S4 

 lf s o ar. 
Ii ttb ig 'dALAKV 4-<fr~ air, toad cond t>oo 442 4442______ 
75 F^Sftb ftronado Like new Itust sen n o w W ill help tmonce Call 

 t 6 t g ' M usT A N <T T i i 'tond , 
I speed 6 CVI Clean! »siO 4)2-4234 
'i i m o T r n W X a w tug' ro' I, air, rtbuilt en* with opproe MIM mi Asking ti DM 413 341/ 
■ 

1973 k#re Gron Torino 

A door, St 49$ Ask For O V 43) 1444 
■HT8gBT Y6 V fo u T viny" lop auto, air, radio, power steering, brakes, windows 171o 349-2o36 
T»V iT o‘r7T TB Moor e’wTe’rienl condition 123oo 494 1o29_________ 
F 6 * t 
*1 LTO , 4 deer hardtop, 

 power, a r, I owner. Silver mist 
Nil . I144J 1)3-4244 

71 
Torino. J boor, H ard Too, air, power, $1o71 61671 ll 
71 M I& 7 8 1 T W 5 A t” fully i.^ r od Deed condition. 424 1471 days, 
4i4->tH nights ti Pard ferine iraughorn i doer nornt'ip Real mea. Pullv equipped 
42A414V 48^24)7 tiOBO Y gfffN S Wogun. I t t m i - 

1(1 i Ord . FO 4 duuf no I'HOU uulu 
Sira 1127 CutaAra___________________ 
JH FO R D L T O has tva rylh in g . ira asa CU I ale $17*4. trode M2 IBM 

 wogui 

 od, bast atter MA7344 
71 Pofcb TOfi'ltjff of---- 
Shorts root 2 door h», 1o2 V-4. std , runs great, S4So firm. Private owner 499-9213 
_________________ 
74 FORD VAN levi", clean, low mr 
Must SAK! 42*M. rn mn 

73 AUDI IQoL5. thereughty double checked, looks ii *2895 

225-1666 

Express-News 
San Antonio’s Classified 
Leader by Over 
2,193,ooo Lines in 1975 
225-1666 

 revises H ill, automatic, power, aa, low mileage, . J O A { 

/ o F U K U ss ho mc*........................ 
..................... 4 Y V y 

74 BUICK 
^ = - ^ * 4 2 9 5 
7 5 P O N T IA C S ri;^ - 
*“ *4495 
73 BUICK 
SU R ‘2995 

 n e iiw-i# lutulaX **M«, haiElap, completely eouip- 
1 4 ISUH.B ped. aotomatH, as, pawei seats, * indows twoetitm vekwr uphobttry ...................................... 

74 PONTIAC 
*3995 

71 DODGE J S S J * * 
* 
" 
"**' *2o95 
75 OPEL IS tT *"1 “ * 
* 
■ 
“ “ *335o 

*4695 

72 PONTIAC goad cetoTshows best ti t at r? . *2695 

Owl sedan economical slant 4 migtn* , . 4 o . automatic, an, estra dean #*47426 
.. 
J Z V # 
75 DODGE 
75 OLDS 
*439i 

SPIRES-DO UGLAS QUICK 
SOI BROADWAY * Off* fVFNINGS * 726 1 
IM H U H U H H H U U U U H H k U fi 

Son Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Saturday January 8 1977 

EXPRESS-NEWS BONUS ABS 
2 l in e s 
TEXAS SIZE SAVINGS... IO days 

 s y 
NON COMMERCIAL! 
CANCELLABLE 
WITHOUT 
RATE CHANGE 
2 2 5 - 1 6 6 6 

QUICK 
RE 

AUTOMOBILES c AUTOMOBILES D O C 
AUTOMOBILES D<3 ) 

O U R FIRST 
C O M P A N Y a n d EXECUTIVE CAR 
SALE FOR 1 9 7 7 ! 

We have lots of very low mileage, just like new— 1977 CO R D O BA S, 4 door 
N EW YORKER BR O U G H A M S, and 
NEW PORT SEDANS! Ail with factory warranty. 

HERE’S YO U R CHANCE TO M A K E 
THE BUY OF A LIFETIME! 

SEE US TO D A Y — 
SUPPLIES ARE LIMITEDI 

‘WE’LL MAKE THE PRICE RIGHT!1 

O.R. MITCHELL CHRYSLER/PLYMOUTH 

"THE DEALER THAT TELLS IT LIKE IT IS " 

IOO B R O A D W A Y 
O p e n E v e n in g s 
8 2 4 -6 3 3 1 

'7o M A V E R I C K 
Atter 6 pm 653 OZ?J 
CHECK THESE 
SPECIALS 

•72 M a v e ric k , 2 dr, 6 cyi, auto. air, 
JI OSO Call 69o OSO?. 
____ 
'74 M A V . C R A B B E R . A ir, pow er, auto., m o as, new tires. 342-o159. 
'72 M ere M a rq u is W a go n 46o. air p o w e r, ra d io , lu g r o c k , r a d ia ls 
M id la n d C B . e x c e lle d ..ad dition 
4 I 89S. 656 2o74_______________________ 

'74 CHEVY 
Novo 2 door, automatic, power and air, 
S M I I B 2 
.................................. * 2 9 8 3 

1971 M e r c u ry Com et *1196 
A sk tor W oody 433 1468 

 l i v , D I V M 
A I I T U 
^ K>r,s d u r b a n , 3 seats, 
| / o r i i m u u i n automatic, power and ait. 

72 M E R C U R Y C ou go r. W hite blue 
Loaded, a ir sh o ck s, m a g w h e e ls 
S i4oo firm SMM) S N e w Braunfels, 
53 J-13oo 
______________ power windows and seat, AM-fM stereo, luggage rock 
Has e* nos extended (actory warranty, listed far over SS,OOO. 
# P 9961 
......................................................... *5883 

/ s i n e ^m,om Guitar Stotionwugon, automotK, 
/ J U L U J power and air, power windows & wots AM 

M E R C U R Y M A R Q U IS 
76 J D r , lolly eouipped with A M I M stereo, pow er w indow s, pow er seats, c ru ise c o n tro l, r a d ia l t ir e s, etc 
L I K E 
N E W ! M u st sell! 5475o 349 48o6 

FM stereo, # 6o38-6 

, — - r A l t n Ranch Wagon, automatic, power and air, 
7 5 r U K D low mileage, » 993oA 
.......................... 

’ 71 M E R C U R Y M a r q u is 
P o w e r, a ir , s t e r e o 4 1 4 So 
D r i v e to a p p re d ate B ig C or teel 828-22o8 

. . . 
. . . . . . Stationwaqon. 2 to choose from, # P - 
76 ASPEN 9949, *p m s ................... 

•73 M E R C U R Y M A R Q U IS C o lo n y 
P o rk Station W ogon All the extras. 
5 B ra n d new t ire s1 S J I9S 494 366o 

. . . 
. . . . . . (supe, 2 door Custom, outomotic, power 
76 ASPEN and an, # P 994S 
........................ 

7 2 M E R C U R Y M o n te rre y. 4-door, auto , air. pow er, go o d tra n sp o rta ­ tion S98S. »o% fin a n c tn g a vaila ble 
244-441o 
________ 

■ T C n n r s r e ^'c^up< 1/2 ,on *on9 w,(^e k®**- outo- 
/ 5 D U D U f c matte, radio, heater, step bumper, 2 to choose from JTP 9852, WR 9867 
..................... 

. i s / s n r c p,fNup. Vt ton, long wide bed, auto 
7 o D U D u f c motic, power steering, regular gas, camper shell, rear step Dumper, # P -9926 ............... 

, _ _ ( . / . r s n r 
Dolt Sport automatic, power and air, 
75 DODGE low mileage, *TP-9828 

*3233 

'75 M E R C U R Y M o n a rc h Ghta Put 
Iv equipped. I owner, v e ry low mi. 
Like new S479S Will trad e 923 2883 
M O N T E C A R L O 74 B la ck On block good condition. 824 oo69. 

* 3 9 8 3 

* 3 o 9 3 

73 M O N T E C A R L O 
B E S T O P F E R ! 341 9412 
1973 M onte C a rlo 
4329S A sk tor O V 433 1464 
1976 M onte C orte 44895 
Low m iles A sk tor Q.V. 433-1464 

NORTH STAR DODGE 
7242 SAN PEDRO 
341-2257 

'74 M onte C arlo S. pow er, air, A M 
P M stereo 4425o 735 1398 ofter 4 
'7 2 M O N T E 
C A R C O , t a k e u p paym ents, c o ll 924 5626 
74 M O N T E C A R L O M u st set! tost! 
Colt: 344-4885 ______________________ 
'75 M O N T E C A R L O 
S h o w r o o m condition Sa crifice! 344-o2o4 

SPECIAL! 

C V ' 
O V E R SO N E W ’ 7 7 
^ 

M O N T E C A R L O 1973- C ooped M u st sell! W ill help finance 
C all John 
222-o986 

SPECIAL! 
OVER 5o N EW ’77 
DODGE ASPEN 
STATION WAGONS 

'72 M O N T E C A R C O loaded 42395 or best otter 349 SSI I e v e s __________■ 
1972 M U S T A N G , auto air. a sk tor 
W oody N o m oney down, 433-1448 
■67 M U S T A N G 449o 
Autom atic. 3514 C uleb ra 
67 M U S T A N G . A cyl auto good g a s m r 684 8o26 
________ a l M U S T A N G D e lu xe 289 V 8 Auto , factory air. all pow er im m aculate I 
41895 341 2933 
71 M u sta n g, e xtra c le a n 1 826-9565 or 681 2937 
74 M u sta n g 11-42795 
Auto a ir a sk tor O V 433-1464 

’74 MUSTANG ll 
C O U P E , 
6 cylinder, auto. arr, pow er 
......................................... 42995 
J A M IS O N M t rs Se gu in 223 52o1 
$4 8 2 5 °° - 
” 
4©» 
OLLI VOTED 

74 M u sta n g ll Ohio. Auto. air, ve ry leon, 4795o 497 7747 

W I W I L L A C C E P T A N Y 
R E A S O N A B L E O F F E R ! 

M U S T A N G ll M P G , '76 4 sa d ., 
A M E M , 434oo tirm B o b 
656-4594 
6. 
_____________________________ att 
65 M U S T A N G 
I O w n e r , d e a n . good cong 4695 775 5736. 144 o979 
65 
M U S T A N G , ru n s good 
S4Qo 
69o-4557_____________________________ 
76 M u sta n g ti Ton, w ith ’ » vin yl too 
4 cylinder, 
4-speed 
9,ooo mites. 
439oo -681 195o 
M U S T S E CC ! 
73 M O N T E C A R L O , la n d a u , a ir, a m tm r a d ia ls, low m ileage 4785o 347 ,’o7.» 

B O 
E R N 
E M 
O 
T 
O 
R 
S , I N 
C . 
Boerne, Texas 
Toll Free No.: 236-551 5 

N E W and U S E D c o rs with no m on ey dow n A sk for W oody, 433 1468 
73 
N O V A 
A u to . 
A i r , p o w e r b rakes-ste e rln g like new condition 
47IQo R o y 655 3786 

1975 DODGE Dart 4-dr. Loaded! 
1973 CHEVROLET 2-dr. Loaded! 
1974 BUICK Riviera. Loaded! 
(2) 1975 CORDOBAS. Loaded! 
1975 FORD LTD. Loaded! 
1974 FORD G aiaxie. Loaded! 
1973 NEW YORKER. Loaded! 

76 N O V A 
4 door, au to . A M F M , 
53895 734 3221, 733 9167 
____ 

74 NOVA 
Door Sedan A real e co n o m y c ar, 6 
CVI, stondord. 
$2289 
H E M P H I L L M C C O M B S 
F O R D S O U T H C R O S S 
19o1 SYV M ilita ry 922 6317 

REDUCED PRICES 

1961 F o r Foirtane 41294 One ow ner, 
3o,ooo m iles A sk tor G reg, 413 1464 
6o G o lo x v 4 d o o r h a rd to p , fu lly equipped A sk in g 55SU 6Sj 19?,' 
'F iT J o ld D u ste r 
7 dr 
'p e r i 
I xV- new, m oke p aym en ts 774-695 
75 G R A N A D A 6 cyl sto od , A a ir, p o w e r ste e rin g , 5 n ew lim e 
828 3475 , 824 74W 
______________. 

L I N C O L N C O N T I N E N T A L *75 
T o w n e a r l 4 O r. A M - F M st e re o tope d eck. 6o-4o p o w e r w in d o w s door locks, tilt wheel, speed control etc Absolutely im m aculate ■ N A D A 
Retail SHOO, Sa c n tic e l O nly S635o 
349 48o4________________________ _____ 
1976 L in c o ln C o n tin e n ta l 4 d o o r 
L o a d e d W ill sa c rific e 58288 C a ll 
C lyde Row e 222 8611 or 222 2774 
75 G R A N A D A 2-DR 
T oke o ver paym ents, no equity, COH 
John S h m o 349 6948 
'74 C-R V N A O A lo a d e d t o k e lip p aym en ts-N o dow n call 
M<tr«o, 
222 t e ll 
*7f T n F Z V iA 5 A , low m ile a g e a ir 
W lf lle n t condition 6356o 6/4 319 3© 
'74 G ra n a d a Sp o rt Coupe"."loaded 
A M F M tope Sp e c ia l deal on a n y coli C oll M o n o . 222 8611^ ^ — 
75 G R A N D ' W 
T _ 
T 
O a S T E 
Ab* (of Vwvnv W o rk: 234-4241, flite1 atter $ 
‘TO b r o o d f r ix 
K i w i m i e xcriieiv c o n d . 
A M F M s t e r e o 
P o w e i b rokes, steering. S S I95_ 643:327j _ _ 
'72 G O A N p p f * 
T i f client cond low m ileage 42795 494 7661 
•7o G R A N P R I X 
F u lly e a u ip p e © 
N e w tires, b ro k e s, s h o c k s 89,ooo m i 41195 M r M itier 
734-4311, M i w eekdays 
73 G R A N P R IX , like new, 21-o4 m i 
Equity, toke up paym ents, 696 18o7 
*7 7 GU A N P R I i r k £ P O * I 
T o ke up paym ents, 921 7747 
•74 G R A N P R I X S J 
S ilv e r b lu T p o w e r w in d o w s, A M - F M ste re o , tap e d e c k 
A s k in g $52oo o r b e st 
Otter After 6 49o *oo* h G lW k i B H i it L j 'Y S S H S 3 
C le o n ' 51o95 655 5o94 
1974 C r a n Torino 4-door, 52c,5o tor O V I U 1464 

Ver 

A U 

 i S T s 
1974 A r o n To rin o usk lo i D o ve 633 1464 
____________ 
•23 G R E M L IN , a a to, VO. aw, rep o 
Tone over p aym en ts n ee ou rty com 

G R E M L I N , J * 6. o m v oir, 
51595 344-3729________________ 
\ leon 

Hurt; Is Sluing Quality 

U se d C o rs F ro m O ur Rentot Fleet 
(1975 U S E D I 
1331 S O U T H TE R M t N A L 
F o r Inform ation C all 824 »S65 
'74 H O R N E T 
S u p e r c le a n b o s e verything! 
121o6 
655 7o84,| 
824 OSU 
M o u n L T J1) W agon 6 ry i stand pow er rodto, a ir, L©cte$ o p p tu n 
Good* 12ooo 644 V t* 
’ 64 I M P A L A C O U P E 
56oo A bor g a in 1 34 ) 74o4 
T T T 

7o Im p a la 2-d o e r k a r d to b 
E x tr a nice! o77o 3527 C uleb ra 

 p ow e r 

 lo T o 

T I M 
T T ^ M 
P A r r - K ^ r ^ r 
656 7676 
144t L * M L I i C W k . p h . A / m 

U K K stereo. 8 tra c k , 1W 
497 1664 
J ) I C 'aA aN S 7 door h ard to p w ith w hite in te rio r 
E x t r a ctgo n 
Excellent ru n n in g condition 4*995 
874 56/8 leave nom e a n d phone no 
W ill cot! bock. 

68 L IN C O L N C o n tin e n ta l 
N e e d s engine work 4J7 5688 
L V w - Best 69 4 door in tow n 1 6 nly 
4875 876 627 
74 L T O F O R D 4 DoorTTifHv lo o d td l 
Will help ftwonce Coll John 722 o986 
76 L T O L A N O A U 
Load ed . 12,ooo m i . v e ry cle an 126-oo14 ; 456-3483 ofter S._______________ ___ 
72 L T D lo a d e d ' t i 595 ‘ 
T O M B E N S O N IM P O R T S 
95oo S A N P E D R O 
341-1156 
7T ~ l T D s t a tio n w a g o n c o u n t r y square, looped 4995 972 >9o6 
77 L U k u 'i t V L E M A N * '' sTTu g7 b lock V e ry nice 1145o 226-o791 

 lh MARICK S289S 
4 door. v - 8, autom atic, air, pow er 
O nly 14,ooo m iles 
J A M S IO N M t rs 223 52o) Se guin 

 fH ffff 
— * 
- 
-pl­ otter 
65 C H E V V W agon, no m otor 
o73 o976 
M A L IB U , '7 3 7 d o o r, ) ? L pow st e e rin g a u to N e M o n e y D o w n ta k e up law m o n t h ly p a y m e n t s 
Rand y, 681 3691 
71 M A L IB U Su p e r c le a n ' P o w e r air, lew rn. 51445 444 6547 otter 4 J 
71 M A L IS O V i. "standard.' o n I T T c h a n ic a U y s o u n d , e x t r o c le a n 
624 5471 leave n om e and num ber 
73 M A R l l 'lV excellent throughout not e x a g g e ra te d 555oo 821 4258 
C an yo n L a k e ( 11899-2o65 
M a r k W 
I i V 3 . F u l l p o w e r 
T ill wheel, c ru ise control O w ne r m u it sue rifle t- this w eekend C om p a r t Of 
558oo F irst 5475o 494 5o87 
I M 
F T ? M A R K IV 
It m elanic brow n chocolate top 16,ooo rn, Like new se e lo b e lie v e 
W h o le sa le 5*25o 
Se guin t 379 5N44 
___________ H 

73 M A R K IV i 5 oOo m il*!, excellent 
Cond. 55775 658 1856 
M A R K IV , 1975 
M o o n ro o f, ow ner Atter 5 IO 4*4 o313 
74 M A R K IV 
O w n e r, low m ile g e 
E x t r a n ic e 
5)o JOO 166 O IH , 655 9525 
'71 M A R K IV W hite with b u rg u n d y le a th e r in te rior. E v e r y option ex c e p ! s u n r oo1 
I o w n e r 
$55oo 
176 3331 otter 4 p m , I 425 8 )6 1 
73 M A R * IV W hile with b u lgundy leather in te rio r 
E v e r y o p tion ex c o p t s u n r o o f 
I -o w n e r . 5 55oo 
>26-2331, (jit 6p m 1 425 8161 
73 M A R K IV. white on w hile L o a d 
, ext ells <H M u st sell 681 o144 
1997 M A R K Tv E X C E L L E N T C O N 
D IT IO N 541oo C A L L OSS 
6* M A R Q U IS W a go n a lf, a m tm ste re o p o w e r, b r a k e s , w in d o w s stet m i g 
M a k e atte*. 
22o 91o6 
341 SM B 

7o N o v o . 6 c y lin d e r , s t a n d a r d 
375 43? 6176 atter 5 Phil 

■71 N O V A H A T C H B A C K A ir 
Pow er 52395 226 6o?I 
*71 N O V A S S 
L o w m ile age , m o st e lh C on 684 3471 
M 
*71 N O V A . V I. stand . low m l v e ry clean M a g s, air sh o cks, new tire s 
ISI TEO. 633-76o3______________________ 
67 O L D S A l condition Auto., o h i m . Com 656 1937 
43 O L D S 579o C A S H 
A utom atic 1514 C utabro 
74 O L D S C u sto m c ru is e r w a go n , loaded 
E xce llen t cand 
51595. 
U lt 
75 O L D S C u s t o m C r u is e r . A i r , pow er steering, pow er b rokes, a m 
Im stereo lace c ru ise 4 new tires, oir sh o cks, trailer hitch 
8S37S. 
69A 3117 
75 O L D ’, C U T L A S S S E D A N 54275 or Best Otter M u st Sell* 34 1 o818 
74 O L D S C U T L A S S S o lo n W hite with b row n loo E xce lle n t cond in­ side, a n d out 532oo C oil: 681-o68o a r 
141 9274 

7 3 O L D S C U T L A S S ta k e over paym ents, no equity, C all 
John Sh m o, 349 6948 
74 O L D S C u t l a s s . ''t o k e e v e r p aym en ts, no e auity. 2 d ear h a rd up pow er, a ir J e rry, 217 75) I 
'71 O ld s C u t la s s 
L ik e n ew , o n e ow ner LoodeQ 826 4565, or S I I 293? 
75 O L D S C U T L A S S 44? R e d with white sw ivel buckets. A M F M tope radio, vinyl top 71,ooo m i Steal ot 
85o 661 4?ei w e e k d ay s til 5J L 
77 6 tds C u t la s s S u p r e m e 4 d o o r hardtop S77oo 684 27? 
64 O L D S Delta, 4 dr 
S8.ooo m c t 
Ow nei R o n s excellent A sk in g 575o 
M u st sell this w eekend 
W ayne, 
4* 4-5184 
73 O ld s Delta 88 4 door A reel nice cot 
N o m oney dow n 
C all John 
222-6984 
________ 
74 O l O S Delta 88 Ro yale , 4-deor 
L o w m ile a g e , b e lo w b ook v a lu e 
274 o976 o sk tar A la n 
Sa n M a rc o s, 
( I >142-9418 
________________ 

74 Olds Delta 88 
T oke o vei p aym en ts, no equity coil 
John b lim p 149 Q948 
O L D S '8 8 72 4 door. new tires, im m a r a la te ' 
51 795 
C o li H a r r i s 
o66 *»>71 OI 684 o746 Of 684 o448 
'77 O L D S 88 
4 d r., a ir p o w e r rod ion M in i cond 53)oo 347 14oo 
6t O L D S 9* L u x u r y sedan, e xce l 
Mini core |995 Hie 4971 eves 

M Old r n p u sse n g u i w agon, loaded el Or 344 97?J 

AUToMoBIIES D (S )C 
AUTOMOBILES 3 
o c 
I V a 

'T I O L D S I O K O N A D O G re e n with gre e n interior, v in y l root. o ir. a u fo m utii clower ste e rin g , e le ctric se o ts a n d w in d o w s, tilt s t e e r in g wheel, c ru ise control a m tm stereo real nice. 51995 C all H W A L K E R 
878 5511 

7 2 
.O S f O R O N A D O G ood con d e o i m u d 
51 15o o r O s s u n 
U bul a nc atour c a r tor equit 

1*77 P IN T O 11195 
A sk F o r o V 413 1464 

P re -o w n e d 
Lincoln 
C o n tin e n ta l 

'75 W W 
* .kl* » » + -« *» » - >8495 

C O N T IN E N T A L M a rk IV btecfc e n W eek. S C 
I O 
* 
75 W ark Interior, h illy lo a d e d - - .............. 
* o 1 9 5 
C O N T IN E N T A L M a rk IV block e n block, 
75 block leather interior, h illy leaded, e xtra t J Q t y * ] 

. . . C O N T IN E N T A L M a r k IV i eve nor. fu lly 
7 5 le a d e d , c op p er w it h cop p er v in y l top, s p c o e b ro w n leather Interior - ......................... 
© D V D 

L IN C O L N C o n tin e n ta l leaded, b lu e w ith 
7 9 b lu e Interior 
L IN C O L N C O N T IN E N T A L silver, tow n 
/ D sp e ed control, velour in te rio r............. 
*6995 
*665o 
OTHER FINE USED CARS 

P J L M O N A R C H O h io t o n g la m o u r p a in t , 
/ O AM /'FM , a ir co n d itlB n in a, vinyl top, 
Ksyrr?:.rrz !^ ..irrr *4595 
M XllXU C l o .,, A M F M « „ o<, b .i g . 
- isxlen, ‘~w*' 
T’"* *425o 
/ * > M A L IB U C la t s k S t a t io n W a g o n w h ite , 
/ 9 a utom a tic rronrm tr rien, p o w e r steering. • — q i n p ow er b rokes ........... u u u U 
M O N T I C A B IO Wack, A M F M radio, . . j x o e n 
7 6 Ira lo w m iles, like n e w 
................... . 4 
3 
5 
o 

" 7 5 P O N T IA C O r o n d Prix b raw n, ‘runtsti 
'75 
C M tY S L S R C ord o b a 

 r a n m c u w t Y M a rq u is 4-dr., blue, extro nice 
/ J fa m ily car, aN e q u ip m e n t 
................... 
A B w h ite w ith M o ck top, 

'72 S o p i t e ___________ *275o 
/ w a i 
C O M E T 2 -dr., a ir c o n d itio n in g , ra d io , 
/ O p o w e r steering, a u to m a tic tran sm ission, •«. A P A 
/BOO m iles, ever A5 o o o n e w ......... *385o 
'7 3 r ~ ' *235o r a n O L D S M O B IL E V ista C ruiser Station W a g o n , 
/ r f red, perfect car for m other, excellent cen- • . dirion 

 f o r d a i n 
• a v x v s u n x Door Hard Top, 
13,o o o 
I o MUOI, Automatic, Pow er Slsnrlng, Pow er br ak ss. Aw Condition. A M «“ ' 
‘74 

A M -F M V*t»» mo 
C H IV Y IM P A LA 4 CKx&e Automatic P o w tr 
S t 
Powt r Broket, Air Conditionsd/ 
37,6 o o M iles 
............ . 
PICKUP SPECIALS 

 r a g F O R D R a n g e r K IT le aded, lo w miles, m ust 
I d b r seen ie a p p re c a te ............................. 
, - A CHEVBOtJFT L U V P icku p radio, 
/ # H oning, p o w e r b rakes ............. 
*435o 
*255o 
BUDGET SPECIALS r a j GREMLIN ye Bow , pe rfect condition. 
/ Hi ak conditioning ....................................... 
'1895 
NORTH PARK 
LINCOiNAERCURY 
92o7 SA N PEDRO 
341-8841 

# 

N f W 
7 7 
ASPEN 4-Door 

' 4 9 4 6 

% 

 glfi'Gr PGNflNiry ok, pNMMHF dkw broke*, wr- 
S le . H r n f d g lo s s b e d y s id s m e ld in g , dtewoM tires 
# » F 4 
O. EL MIYCHUA, DOOGI 

1 1 3 o B A O A G W 
A V 
237-2281 w /im tv v 

NEW MAZDA RX3 COSMO 

ROTARY 
ENGINE, 
AUTOMATIC, 
AIR 
CONDITION, AM RADIO. 
$4233 

FACTORY INVOICE 
• 3 LEFT TO CHOOSE • 

CALL 3 4 9 -6 5 9 1 A N D A SK FOR 
HERM AN FORD 

•71 P IN T O .................. .........6'o95 
A sk P i t W oody, *33 1444 
‘71 P IN T O A u tom atic tro n s 565o 
533 M E S u ttc 6 p m 
7> P in ta R u n oBea f. o u t* m r, 17*95 
A sk fur Duvt^ 433 1444 
______ 
74 P IN T O R U N A B O U T 
AWO. Oir 519*5 349 2674 

74 PINTO S2289 
Station w agon Auto oir, roo to 
H E M P H I L L M C C O M B S 
F O R D 5D U T H C R o 5 5 
IW I S R M ilito ry 922 6J I 7 

■73 P O N T IA C Fireb ird , loaded, nice. toke up paym ents. 974 s 47l_________ 
4* P O N T IA C G P 
Clean, coup * H I 
5495. 731-3824 
74 P O N T IA C C r a n S a fa r i w agon. 

71 P in to w o g o n o ne o w n e r m ileage 826 9564, 481 2937 

 good cond 434oo 6534o3o__________ 
44 P O N T IA C O T O 
4 sp e e d , im 

•75 P IN T O W a go n 4 sueed. low m i mint cond 4245o 511 117o 

 m aculate, call 924 5424 
71 P O N T I A C 

-7J P IN T O W ago n outo . 
52995 684 2)o1___________ 

M o n ! S p o r t ! coupe fully eouipped d e a n 51215 
96% lm o n c utg a v a ila b le 224 44IO 
Ti P O N T IA C L E M A N S 

47 P ly 
B e lv e d e r e in M in t C o n d 
MOV Ina M u st S e lh 684 541 
71 P ly C R IC K E T 4 door o b urn tm, N ice 2nd c or! U n d e r 3o.ooo m i 
Just 5995 Coll o ne tim e 441-QVVi 
“ 
64 P L Y M O U T H B elved ere 
L ik e newt 341 9412 
1*75 P lym ou th D u lle r, low m ileage 
>2745 A sk tor Dove. 4)3 1444 
71 P L Y M O U T H O U S T E R 34* 
4 sp e e d , r a c in g c a m . h e a d e r s in s ta lle d W ill s w o p c a m to su it buyer 
B od y slightly ro ugh . 51oo6 
P a l Ria: 1 775 4253__________________ 
JO P L Y M O U T H F u r y . V I o u to . oower. factory air, 5495 W ill trad e 
421 2883 
____________________ 
71 P ly m o u th F u r y 4 d oe r, 51745 
Loaded A ik for D o ve . 431 14*4 
'71 P lym ou th F u r y 111 
A ir, outo excellent cond n o s e 64111o5 
69 P lym ou th F u r y III 4 door Sedan outo 5*45 357? C u le b ra 
7o P L Y M O U T H 
I O w n * power 
E xce llen t condition 
77/6o p l y m o u t h 

. O ir 
HOV! 

(oodt’d with 
-t J 

 i R o a d ru n n e r A ir t r o i 518o5 o r b est 
487 
7o P lym ou th Satellite 2 door h a r d 
Iou 51795 A sk tor O V 6331644 
17 P ly m ou th Satellite 2 door h e rd lop 
Auto 
R e a l Sh arp ! 
599o-3527 
C iRetora 
H 
64 P ly m o u th V a lia n t 2 door h a rd lap, 
4 cylinder a u la t i * 95* 5. 
68I-29IF 
■ 
* T P I Y M O U T H *e r T o o l*! *744 
661 MHH 66) 4741 

•64 Plym ou th VS. go o d m o lo r, needs som e w ork 53oo 696 2i*fe 
64 P L Y M O U T H v i p hordtoe 4725 
A i is. m ake otter 732 1824 

’ 7 6 P l y m o u t h V o l a r e 
Take up p ay m e n ts no equity, C o l 
John Slim p 349 6948 
' i t P O N T A IC C a lu im o 4-doo aute. a ir. p o w e r 
G o o d ir a n s p o r t a n o n 
5595 tinancinp a vaila b le 224 441o■ 

*1 P O N T IA C 
A ir. p o w e rT 54*1 
Call 484 78o3 
» l p A M T T Y c A S T R it T 'V p e e iT ra d io , h e a te r m a g w h e e l 
V e r y d e a n ' 5245o 69o 1958 
‘41 f on!ia" . a u la oir pow er 
R u n s perfect 5495 IJ J o51 Si 
F o W fT A C ~ 7 7 B o n n e v i n r 'i T o ? ft io u g h a rn 
Jooo n u 
C o n tp te te iv l etectrk, fully iood e d Cost 58ooo, sell 

J £ 22L j ! 2 L £ l J j j H 5 5 H 5 5 B 5 5 5 5 
"I? Poniioc Colo!,nu J (tool hardtop 
G ood looking, good tran sp o rta tio n 
N o m oney dow n C aU John. 272-o44* 

Loo d ed 52495 

T O M B E N S O N IM P O R T S 
95oo S A N P l O R O 
44)1356 
48 P O N T IA C L e M o n s . sto n d o rd ! 
TV OOO m i 545o 484 4*34 
F o iitio r Le M o n s W a go n . 
T T T : o d io ls . c r u is e , 
A M F M 
C B le ve r 
I O w ner, excellent cond, i i ,4oo a ll 1135 

7 4 Pontiac LeMans 

52/89 
D oor. o uto oir. p ow e r Ste# b rokes. E xtro cleon 
H E M P H I L L M C C O M B S 
F O R D SO U T M C R O S S 
19o1 5 W M ilito ry 9?J 63 
7i P o n tia c L e M o n s Se d a n 3 door hardtop S6 So 3427 C ute bro 
68 B o n T iA C N ew V I, g g io . pow ei t o c to ry a ir, lik e n e w 
S * 9 S W itt t ro d * 921 2883________________ 
T i p o n j " AC S A F A R I W A o S n 
Im m a c u lo t e 'L o a d e d 52495 3U 5727 
TTtT Pontiac Satori Aragon 
52 394 rn D B ? 

 rood rf 
S e e at T u c k e r 
N aco gd o ch e s 
I o w n e r 
Texaco. 
65>6oV9 
74 P o n tia c Statio n W o go n , s t *95 
A sk F o r Wood, 43314*8 
Alf V e n t u r a V -i, o u to 

AUTOMOBILES 
AUTOMOBILES D<SSi 
A f d f d O U M C i t o u n m 

MOST OF OUR QUALITY 
USED CARS QUALIFY FOR 

MECHANICAL INSURANCE 
COVERAGE 

T h is P o l i c y T h a t L e t s Y o u S i g n A w a y M o t t O f 
T h e C o * * O f M a j o r M t d t o n i c a l R e p a i r s F o r 1 2 
M o n t h s O r 1 3 , o o o M i l e * , W h i c h e v e r C o m e s 
F ir * * ! 

*8 M O T O R S I N S U R A N C E C O R P O R A T I O N A 

1 o B — 
L o s t e n d f o u a d 
I I O — Sp a cia l Nto44cw* 
I I 3 — P re t e n l o n e l N e N ce i 
I I A— f n t e r te ln m e n i A 
V o c a t io n G u id e 
I I E — 
L a d g a B io t ic a l t 2 o — 
B M . A P r o p o s a ls 
I 2 2 — 
O f f ic ia l P w h LrcaH acs. t 241— 
L e g a l N o t i c e s ____ 

SFI QAI MOTiaS 
1 1 o ] 

A N Y O N E W itn e ss in g o c c id e n t at intersection M u lb e r r y cmd M c Cut louon at J TO P M Dec ?8th P le ase call 655 o78J o n ly lit* 
A Su p e r D is c o u n t b e c sa u n a tree with ' i p rice m o sso o e 
4218 B la nco 732 33*1 
___________ 
H O M E O W N E R S 
A T T I N T iO N * 
H o ve revotuttan ory new p rod uct 
A lu m in u m 
C o r n g n t e d 
Shakes. «o 'y e o r 4 Itta expe ctancy 
W ont h om e IS y e a r s or new er ta a p p ly sh a k e s for a d v e r tisin g per p o se s 
A v a ila b le in 4 c o lo r s 
F o r m o re in fo rm a tio n w rite 
R e ta ke 
Sh a k e s ', 21o S 4th St .H e bro n N e b ra sk a *837o___________ 
. _____ 
M A S S A G E S f om e fro m tttul G irls The, m cikes us No 
I ot P ric e s you can Orford P A R IS 

B U S IN E S S 

O P P O R T U N I T I f S 

S O T — 
B u s in e s s O p p o r t u n i t i e s i o 2 — B u sin e ss O p p o r tu n itie s ' 
W a n t e d 
R U B B O p e n IO tOom lo J ooa 

- M o n e y t a L a n d 
->v? * * * 
Sun 
Ton k o " r'' 
_. 
. 
Availab le 
. F . n o e c t a l - l n v e . t m . n t , t A L L 'j u f e V T J u I I E " k T r T n 
- o*1 » **o p o N » fo « L i jo 3oofH to s OO prri f o r Into on 
• M o n e y W o r s t e d i their fam ous Mock* M o sso v n 
P A R 
’OI CHET ‘S O L E T Impala. 
4 -door, 
* automatic, att and p o w *. 
V S . 
195 
’A O D O M T I A r Bonnevata, 4 -door, ton, white 
° T r v r * * I M S - raot, toe 
Interior, autom atic V -8 , air wHti pow er electric w in dows. seots. extras, pood transportation ........ 
’65 OLDSMOBILE autom a ti* 
V -8 , o k wttfc 
|X>wor. good trori»fM>rtart<<m.............. . r . . . . v .. . 
’65 OLDSMOBILE {C T autem adc air with power, go o d I roo .p o 'ta 

 in s t r u c t io n s 

I n s t r u c t io n s W o n t e d 

295 
( M P L O V M f N T 
H 

395 

495 
’A f t R I I l f V ktvtero G S dork groan, light groan 
O O O L I IL . A. ,/ 
(„ 
, rot^t groan vinyl 
Interior automatic V -8 air with pow er electric w in ­ dow., tih wheel. 6 4 ,5 4 8 mile. ...................... 
, , - . . . . Vs ton Custom Cob Pick-up, rod, 3- 
o 5 F O R D tpoeci .tandord. ok, hootor. run* go o d 
’65 LINCOLN with pow or, all power. In vary go o d condition 

»7 * M F D f U D Y Capri, blue, white bucket soots, 
/ 4 m s i s v w n I } standard heater, 
795 

A M /F M 
’69 BUICK 
4 -d o o r, g o ld , ta n d o t h in o u lt w a r k 
V - 8 , a ir w ith 
, 
I, v e r y d e a n , runs g r e a t 
. 

 b ro w n . b ro w n v in y l ro o t. b u c k e t seat* w ith con so le shift, o u ta m a th V I . ole w ith p o w e r , A M / F M , n o w tiro s , s u p e r stock w h e a ls 

6 o T — 
P r o f e s s r o n a l 
6 o 3 — 
S o le s 

6 o 4 — T e c h n ic ot 

D O S — 
R e s u m e s 

6 o 6 -— A d m in is t r a t iv e — 
F in a n c ia l 
6 o 8 — S e e r * t o r tai 
6 1 o — 
O f f ic e A C Ie rec a l 
61 3 — 
M e d i c a l 
6 I 4 — 
S h ill * - T r a d e s 
6 1 6 — 
F o o d D r in k S e r v i c e * 
6 1 8 — 
T e m p o r o r y 
6 2 o — 
H e lp W a n t e d 
M is c e ll a n e o u s 
6 2 3 — 
D o m e s t ic 
6 3 4 — 
S it u a t io n * W a n t e d 

IS R U B B 492 2994 

C H E R Y L 5 N «w Y e a r 
734 8743 
Sp e c lot 
Magic Massage jirr57?TTTI~Ti7MjSTT 
D T T 
T R O U B L E F A M O U S S t IN N V D IP 
M A S S A G E 
I SC OR I 
O u t L A H 
B Y a p p o i n t m e n t a m a ; U N 
P L A Y G I R L S a n d P L A Y B O Y S 
1oooo MC CUL LO U G H J49 69HU h fash io n ie w e lr v I 
I? or n high ?nshlun ic w 't r v w ilh s h o w in g lh yo ur h o m r 
I or information 644 JI TTI 7 9PM 

FOR RENT 
Hour Iv or d o ily A ud ito r luiti cmd 
P a rty roam Po aatital N orth Sidi* 
I ac at ion ai cat tor music clubs, parties. wPddliiQ rt*\ rptious mp«*t mas ot oil Ktnds C oil ,w j 4VW N w r 
Nortti Star oi>d C»*atral Por k Moll 

GTS 

M I R C H A N O I S I 

'P R I C E SA T A N D S U N 
Bes! rnossoa r \ in Texas bv inc- most beriutltul girls in Texos Open IO IO un lo i") nm iv; ,'vvr 

N O W 
’7o CHEVROLET » 
^ ~btad bucket 
995 
Co Ho, ro d . b lo ck 
------ —— . v ln y| t6 p ( b lo ck bucko* 
Boats w H b co n Bolo *bdt, a u to m a tic 
V - 8 , a ir w ith p o w o r, 5 9 ,1 3 4 m ilo s 
. . . . . 
’72 CHEVROLET £T.TXk a u to m a tic, a ir, p a w e r ste e rin g and b ra k e s , r a d i o ...................................................................................... 

995 

»1 195 

 i T h T O 
Y O 
T A 
C a lic o ST, b lu e , w h ite In te rio r 6 - 
7 4 
I w I w i n s p e e d sta n d a rd , a ir. g a u g e s , 
I , . 
. 
, lo o k s g o o d a n d d r iv e , g re a t. 5 o 9 o 6 m lla s 
. . . 
I J Y D 
’74 PONTIAC E g r ttr 
4 door 
"*am 
• W - - - - - - — ijv ri™ 
Inte rio r, o u t w n o lk 
V - 8 , a ir w ith p a w e r, a la ctrlc w in d o w * , so o ts, cru ise co n tro l, e x tr a s . . 
O N L Y 
..................... 

S Y T D O K t T I A C G ra n d v ille . 4 - d o o r b la c k , b lo ck 
/ O r L 7 N 
I I M S . ¥ tB y , m l t|ortt in te r io r , 

 a u to m a tic V -8 , p o w e r w ith a ir, e le c tric w in ­ d o w s a n d s e a t.. A M / F M w ith t a p e , e x tr a s , 
5 5 ,2 5 5 re lie s ......................................................................... 
'T X M A T D A RK4 Wagon, dark groan, white 
* 
I f l e A A W M v ln ¥ | u lte rio r, 
4 - s p e a d , a ir, oil g o u g e s. 
3 8 ,o * 4 m llas. le a k s a n d ru n s a e - c a lla n t, a ll to r o n l y ............................................................. 
’73 OLDSMOBILE ^ 
^ 
.“thi.^ .n'^ t t e n o r a u to m a tic V - 8 , a ir w ith p o w e r , e le ctric w in d o w s a n d so o ts, cru ise c e n tr a l, 
A M / FM stereo, extras.................................................................. t a r n r / - s n r e 
C u sta m H O O k irk u p g o ld , b ra w n in 
• Y f U x 
U ta rta r, 3 -s p e e d sta n d a rd , h e a te r . A M ra d io , h ig h m ile a g e y e t e x c e lle n t b u y 
'73 OLDSMOBILE «£“ a u to m a tic V -8 , a ir w ith p o w e r rte e rlrrg a n d b ra k e s , sup er sta ck w h e e ls w ith ra is e d w h ite le tte r tires 
A M / F M ....................................................... 

’ T Y c n o n 
C o u n try S q u ire W o g o n , b r o m e , b e ig e 
/ O r V J K U v>nyi in te rta r. a u to m a tic V B a ir w ith p o w e r si e a r in g a n d b ra k e s , 
3 s e a te r, c le a n 

I T T m o n 
LTD C o u p e w h ite , w h ite v in y l r o o f, 
/ 
J r 5 - 7 K U h#. 
T Z tm rio * a u to m a tic 
V - 8 . a ir. grow er sta a H n g . p a w e r b ra k e s , 
A M / f M w ith 

*1495 

*1595 

*1595 

*1695 

*1695 

*1995 

2 o 3 — 
S a w i n g 
F O A — B u s in e s s E q u ip m e n t 
3 o 6 — B u ild in g M a t a n o l s 

7 o 7 — 
P o r t a b l e B u ild in g * 

7 I O — 
F u r n it u r e 
7 1 1 - P a w n B r o l c a r s 
7 I 3 — 
A p p l ia n c e s 
71 3 — f l * o M a r k e t s r I 4 — A n t iq u e s 

T I i — 
P o in t in g s 
7 I 6 — 
C o lle c t o r s I m p o r t s 
71 B — C o in s A J e w e lr y 

7 1 9 — 
C a m e r a — P h o t o ( q u i p 
7 3 o — M u s i c a l In s t r u m e n t s 
7 3 6 — 
N u r s e r i e s , G a r d e n 
7 3 9 — o11 F ie ld Iq u i p m e n i 

7 3 o — 
M a c h in e r y o n d T o o ls 
7 3 1 - M e r e h a o d H e M a r t 

7 3 3 — 
P e r s o n T o P e r s o n 
M o r t 
7 3 3 — 
M e r c h a n d i s e W o n t e d 
7 3 4 — 
A u c t io n S o le 
7 i S — 
B u s in e s s D ir e c t o r y r 

1.1______ 
7 3 6 — 
D o g * - C o t s B ir d s P e t * 
7 I B — 
P o u t lr y • o b b it s B e e * 

HAPPY HOUR 
Vt 
PRICE 
J OOom to 9 oopm. on m ost M in sou«n No wolfing 1/ G irl" I” vt* 
YU" P A R IS R U B B 497 2V94________ 
H E Lf* C o llie reco ver your stolen p i o p *i Iv 
L B S 
T V 
I ngraveii ot yoni t 
9?7 '677 
Jiffy R ie ls Instant Printing 

 ult 
51o m il 

D O G S — 
P I T S 

 dean *1995 
L l V t S T O C K 

*1995 
I T X O f ! R J Y I A f Bonneville. 4 -door tan, brown r ta K U N I I M C wb<y, Intone, automatic 
V I . 

7 4 o — l i v e s t o c k - F e e d S e e d s 
7 4 1 — P r o d u c e 
7 4 3 — F o rm E q u ip m e n t o n d 
S u p p fle s air with power steering, power brakes, pawer 
* . Q A - window!, soots, door lacks, cruise control, nice 
I T Y 3 i v y / • A n n i A k* Sedan Deville blue, blue m- 
7 3 C A D I L L A C tudor, tally loaded. Including 
‘2595 

■CC to! A T IO N A t 

'oflOfi, brunt©, brown lutumofk V-8 , ab with 
’75 FORD S S ,. . pawer steering pawer brakes. AM radio, ae rattans condition and only l e x D f S t k l T I A f Ventura, navy blue, blue vinyl 
F O P O N T I A C Inte rio r. V -8 a u to m a tic , a ir and 

 stiver, white 
Inyl in tar tar. 

 paw er, l l ,372 mllas 
’76 OLDSMOBILE £ !““ 
V - 8 a u to m a tic a ir a n d p a w e r , like 
• Y A C A D r > G ra n a d a , r a d . ra d in ta rio r. 6 -c y lin d a r . 
/ O 7 v 
8 u a u to m a lh tra n sm issio n , o ir, p a w e r s lo e rin g. 2 o ,o o o m ile s 
............ .......................... 
’76 CHEVROLET N T * whit© burgundy 
Int© 
H o r, A M /IMI »h»r«o r o o lo, Hit w h t© l crul*© c o n ­ trol . • •e s * * * , » * . , . > i > <•• - 
, m l e x r r y n n x a n g a , 
K i t , b r a m e , b r a m e In ta rio r. f 9 r U K I 7 V -* , a u to m a tic , a ir a n d p a w e r , la r g e se lf c o n t a in e d c o m p a r, lik e n e w . . .................... t w o m i i . Sierra Grand# 44 tan kickup, blue and f 9 w l B L white, V -8 autom atic air and pow er, 
•att-contained w alk-in co m p a r................................... 
’75 OLDSMOBILE 98 K S T ***,'"’»•: brawn M ortar, compl ete ly loaded, every avail. able option. 1 3 ,o o o m ila t................................................. 
’76 OLDSMOBILE 
‘,W9^>' ** interior tally loaded, every evoiial 

‘5995 

*7195 
M A N Y O T H E R M O D E L S T O C H O O S E F R O M 
G M A C A N O B A N K F I N A N C I N G 
SERVICE, WHAT 
IT'S ALL ABOUT 
QUALITY USED CARS 
LEASING & 
RECREATIONAL 
VEHICLES 

B O I — C a m p e rs - - T ro lle r* 
8 o 3 — M o to r H o m o s 
§ o 4 — lo o t s , M o to r * 
B O B — S p o rtin g G o o d * 
• O B 
H u n tin g A F ish in g 

M O B IL ! H O M IS rn * 

8 I O— 
M o b i l e Horn*.- t o r S a le 

8 1 I — 
M o b i l e H o m e R e p a i r * 

 in s u r a n c e 

J I 3 — 
M o b i l e H o m e P a r k * 

A full service prim shop near you 
IMI* McCullough 
6211 5on Pedro 
17o1 SW M ilitary Dr 
42o9 Fruderlcksborg Rd 
224 E Rhapsody at San P*d ro 
& rn m assoups hor per kilty 
Mins E colic 1 492 2994 
M-r r n r 
I'T T T nT 
” 
S A L O N 
O ff 
/orrfpolOGV • c»v> U H 

 m a s T a g T 

T i T T l 
-i In a Ac u p r ts s 
Wetlexolngv. 

T m 

 tic 

 g r a d u a te P h y s ic ot 
Therapist For Appt Coll *74 1283__ 
M A S C O E T H E R A P Y tr e a tin g physrr al and emotlonol tension Ms 
Valeniuela, 734 o411 

OUTSIDE CITY LIMITS 
Star! the Nt-vv Year oui right' Gr the greatest 1911 mossoge tor vin batlereel fram e ot 1973 P r ic e s !' 
Com r see our attractive met hank al T H E B O D Y S H O P P E 
492 2oo) 
Q uick and L a s tin g W eig h t Lo ss. 
Through 
Som atU atton 
144 2284. n j 5/57 
____________ 

Ski New Mexico Colorado 
C hafter you r own flight fter i>t r non rDunil tr »o (po tty of 61 f Of details coll ( S II) B66 14/1_______ 

SPECIAL 
EEEI BETTER EAST 
Su n Tan Ro o m , ste am brith, m in i m a ssage , bv beautiful G irls AH fur 
41o C all far A p p o intm en t. P A R I * 
R U B B O pen 
IO Win rn ta 3 ooam , 
49? 2994 
118 LODGE NOTICES rm rrr 

A U T O M O T I V IUS 
• O I — W e n te d - A u to *. T ru ck*. 
T r a ile r*. M o to rc y c le s 
• o 3 — M o to r* ye lo * — S c o o te r * 
9 o 4 — G e n e r a l A u to R e p o lr 
•OB — T iro *— P o r t* — 
A cc e s so rie s 
• O B — Trsrcb* A C o m m o rcio i 
T r a ile r* — B u ses 

• I O — 
A u t o . F in o » t« i« tg — 

J l l 3 — 
A lr c r o F * B o r v t c o * - 

9 1 4 — A n t iq o e ft-C o lle c t o r s 
• 1 4 — 
Sport*, F o re ig n C or* 
• I B — 
C o r* — 
Fo r Soto o r 

T 'x X s 
— 

T 

To F in d C le s w iie d D e a th 
N o tic e s k l* a s * 5** 
F r o m P o * * k e e l 

T7 T 75TT pow er oir, e sc cond 534 ) 774 t m EA’ffgrr fi AfjnK'rrggE 
T A T IO N W A G O N . Red, A utom atu oir, cieon. 585o 633 3797 

'72 i k y i a r k 4 d u o r h o rd f8 # 7 a u io 
5998-452? Cpi#B ra 

SOME REPOSSESSIONS 
AVRIIAOLE 
B A N K R A T ! F I N A N C I N G 

SUPERIOR PONTIAC 

92o BROADWAY 
227 S M I 

1974 -...per lO A D f f e T l l R D * U ltra m c *. 7 1 ,o 8 o low m i l t * 
C o il 
D o n 
Y a rb o ro u g h 232 8611 
Tax * ovgr g a y m t n f t on m * 1973 

75o N.E. LOOP 41o AT BROADWAY 

 m 
* 

TOI — D u a th / 

1 o 3 — 
C a r d a* T h a n k * 

M e n to n e * * * 
1 o 3 — Flo rist* — Flo w er* 
1 o 4 — F u n e ra l D ire cte r* 
1 o 9 — C e m e te ry — Bur tai 
Let*________________ 

Toke over p ay m e n ts no equity. ‘73 
D A T S U N sta nd a rd , good tran sp o r lotion. m u st soc rifled, 
Isaac. 
974 7 351 
____________________ 

 t A k ^ U P P a y m e n ts on' 71 C h o w 
M alib u loaded 924 5624 
74 T B IR D Gold. wilt! gold b oth er m ier 1o, 
E v e r y option e xce pt sun ro o t 
14,ooo m ile *, o r ig o w n e r 
555oo 653 ) 87o 
JO t B IR O Londoti. auto. air, power up s t e e r in g , n o e q u it y , to k e g e rm e n t v R o n d y 681-3692 
* U ?5 
72 
I B I R b 
122-1342 
■ 

•74 T BIRD 
T ake over p aym en ts, no equity toll 
John su m p 349 6948 
______ 

•76 T H U N D E R B I R D 
Equipped, tow mi Silve r 5825o 
P A R A M O U N T M O T O R S A L K * 
42oo 5 F I O R E S _______ 
923-7711 

74 THUNDERBIRD onto. ail power 
A M F M stereo 
54689 
H i M P H IL L M C C O M B E 
F O R D S O U T H S ID E 
19o1 s W M ilita ry 927 63)7___ 

’n T O R IN O , auto air 
Pow er, ru n s perfect I t * ) 349 9235 

 t i T O R IN O Auto 
( door new b r e v ve ry clean 3426327, e ve s 
T O O ? T S S 
2 door. nice, toke ta paym ents. 924 467) 
________ 
S p o rt root 
A T o n n e 
IOO. 2-dr 
T A K E T R A D E 224 4956 
74 T O * I NO. R E P O ' 
Toke up povm ents. 9237747 i T T o k oI9A o o T 5425------ 

1971 

C A L L 
34 ) 9412 

T O R O N A d d . ix c d f c e t t ! 
■ c B B d it iO n 
MUST SE L L ! 453 8714, 4531434 r - p - T — 
----------- tauoed M u m 
SCB r ti ice 349 

73 T O Y O T A C orine ........ 
72 N O V A , looded ........... 
71 M A V E R IC K vtd Oir 
. 
7o C U T L A S S 2-dr loaded 
72 P IN T O W agon, lid 
... 
72 M A T A D O R , auto, air 
64 M U S T A N G V I. 4 speed 

51495 
51495 
51595 
5 H 95 
11395 
*1o95 
5695 
S M I T H S U k ttd C o r * 
. A t AJAO 
226 9144 

TRANS AM, 197S 
M int Cond loaded 5499S 49s ! 
7* T R A N S A M fur w h it* 
151oo 
I T I 
494 5J49 boer dice 
349 3786 
------------------b i i b ' t i R i ----------- 
Credit 
Applied f ion > 
UC cee led phone 
H I 9412 
■'Tv i c * E B S law ail 
B 
[ ^ m r 
Arr stereo 435 7)41 ofter *_________ 
74 V E G A G T lew im *15oo or be*! otter M a rk , 341-5o12 
74 vegu Hufchtooclf, Y e llo w ' n-.t- 
A ir. radio, new fire * Tuned up, 27 m pg 
E 
N 
RH 
Beautiful 
51495 
494-2325___________ ___________ 
‘72 V E G A H e fc h b u ik C le an ! £ m 1 
P M tape d eck 65544*9 I 
7 5 V E '6 a U a u K K V t ' Timer 
Stand 4 M»d 523oo 4o1 298o offer 4 c g a i J a u T B e t o i 
-.T - 
Atter 
6 pm , rn-ieage 
432 9446 
•H V ega W .sl T 
O 
’ 

A lf . l o * 
434 9141 

1 69o 1o5o otter 5 

T i 
TkSSsanr 

Who!#*,oil 

 u n s"^ 5 dS3 

G o lo I ie >9o A sh for W oody ta 13 I 46t 
T ake over pn y m e irii on A C allo ss 

'71 
Vego, 
6/4 155o 
73 l / t o * w o g o n 
4 - * p , » j . I T 

Su p re m e Nu e quity. C BU 834 o91o eft et 7 922 7757 t o k e over p a y m e n t! o« 74 N O V A 
N o e q u ity 
C o ll o24 #91o d »k tar 
Fred, ofter 7 922 7757 to k e o v e r p a y m e n t ! on 74 Ft rebrrd N u equity C oil o24-o911 o5* tat Fre d , ofter 2 : 922-775/ 

 p o c k o g * no atr, 59o8 924 44*7 eves. we e k *-ta* 
____ 
IO V olksw a ge r1'Vquuretoor k 
'49 C he vy ixnuuiu h u.-no o ...... 
•TO M e rc e r v Broughorr. leaded, Uke 

C E N T E R A U T O S A L E S 
293/ R O O S E V E L T 924 5159 gtne T o T r 
T I w iz O v e r h a u T M ^ I stereo, F M 5995 341 2o39 

W E B U Y S E L L 
U S E D C A R S A N D T R U C K S 
LOST ANO FOUND 

KINNF.Y M OTORS 
J92* B R O A D W A Y 
« 2B , 

o6 PERSONALS 

D a te s G a lo r e ' M M I iocol sin g le s 
Oil Dateline loll tree (WOO) 451 3245 
F O R H E L P with an u n w e d p re p n an cy, coil E d n a ( .lo a n e r H o m e , 
I Worth, T X I OOO 792 1)o4 
Ind ivid u al w onts to b uy ’ Cir in t per sorvjl use S i .ooo to 55,ooo R e p ly * kept confidential Re ply to E x p r e s s 
BOX 2624 
M a tc h m a ke r Inc Sin gle s 18 DO Y r * lntron.ithon*. 144 111! ifs l l ? ! bvucw . Igh t? We con help N o exer 
Ik*, diets, m eetings, d ru g s , IOO llQ lurqi N o tu rSin n 661 64iv 
55S A V E 5 E A R N I 
■ t h o u s a n d s I* y o u su sp e c t e v e r b e in g c h e a le d 
(c a rd s d ire et, ) Or ll you intend to n g a g e in g a m e s of c h a n c e C a ll 
B lv d G a m e C o n s u lta n t! fo r P v t 
— 
I. 349-O I© 
__________________ 

o8 LOSI ANO LOUNO 

O U N D letter son A re a 
TZI 1927 
S o "d y i 

 m u le a fg h a n 
733 9668 

F O U N D Black lu t.rador 
>22 9o9o 
F O U N D IN H A R M O N Y H I L L S 
A R E A 
M a le S p rin g e r S p a n ie l 
Mock ond while 342 6o75 
N X J N O Iris h Setter 
C oll 149 2793 or 73! 9157? C «! 356 
F O U N D m in,p io n 

F o u n d 

M u le p o o d le c h a r c o a l 
B e y t»irk in g tot 34) o9/6 
S m a ll ( m o s t ly w h ite ) mole pekop oo P e c an V olle y a re a 
534 8912 
__ o b R e lf e lv e r 
L O S T 
B lo c k l o b R e c e iv e r , I ? m o * L a r g e w hite sta r on t h e st, som e white on (cont foot A n sw e r* ta 
S a m 
E X C E L L E N T R E W A R D 
B o y s Pet C oll 51? 573 1636. V itto rio 
I x 

1 o4t /lipped M iniature Schnqu/er 
Loop JIO Starr rest A rea . 878 /6 75 or 
49? 12o) 

 st fen 1o ie 
4 yecirs"old 
Cie a nd White, 
L a d y ' B rig h t o a t 
Igloo J9s R e w o rd 6/4 3853 

G e rm a n S h e p h e rd P u p p y 
W u nd tuw i t o k e 
A re a 
/J4 A 516 
R E W A R D d e r m o n 
[ D S T 
G e r m a n s h o r t h a ir 
Pointer, spotted L iv e r B ro w n a n d 
W hite A u stin tao N o 499 q n sw e r* to 
K A T E coll Jim 732 /OB? R E W A R D 
H ig h la n d s H igh St hock A req 
L O ST ut 
L ig h t A p ric o t P o o d le 
© ■ R I 
R E W A R D C a ll 724 5861 b e fo re 
33/ 4o11 

1o y e a r pet 
11 I ofter 
6 o nd w e ekd ays w eekend s 
H id d e n d re e x 
C ol an ie * b r o w n h a lt T e r r ie r , h a lt 
L DST 
N orth 
D o c h w b u n a 
Held! 
Witt p lay with ban R E W A R D 349 4/S J 
I O ST 
J a n 6 Alack a n d W h it* N u tared M o le Cot at O r try Q ueen at 
W e st 
A v e a n d 
B io n c o 
R d 
I n k r sec I,on P le ase Coli 494 j/ lv 
L O S T 
M o ’e ' G e r m a n Sh t-p o rd y e a r o ld , H o r ig n d a ie v ic i n i t y 
R E W A R D 
SJO 922 o682 
L 6 ^ f 
M a le I r i s h S e tte r 

’1,ooo REWARD 

For Information leading to 
Recovery of 
1976 C 65 CHfVROLCT 
MOBILE HOME TOTER 

 la s ! seen 
H e rita ge P ark 
Shopping 
Center, Devine, 
Tex December 1*1 
1 9 7 b 
PLEASE NOTIFYi 

JAMIS o MHG (I) 663-2651 or THE DIVINE TEXAS 
POLICE DEPARTMENT 
Devine, Texas 

 u > ; T i r - M 7 n 
7: i n 
L O D G E N o 13o9, A F O A M 
1914 
B a sse R d Stated C o m m Sat Jon I, 
I IO P M E A E x a m s, w ork in F C 
M e m b e rs u rge d to attend V isitin g 
B r e t h r e n w e lc o m e 
L e o n 
V 
M c M o h o n W M , lid Sheet,eld, Set 

12o BID8 I PROPOSALS 

Waled M wk Im 
Ik* ft*w4 *1 l.a ia i *1 eta Mwtk**u ta 

'IM W *1 Ik* IMM! ,1>IW t A IM IX IA O H M IC A l* 
X A b l* O O O O ! A SU kkl ti* t o o , rn !«*• l a w , ll, 1*77 cAF4F4I D oooo6 a S in e u s 
IO O * * , , l a w , haw wy ll. 19/7 
IS O J IN e st CO O K IO M IA ! 

I OO * ai Iw aluy. laM ar* ll, 1477 
FH OZtN FliMi 2,oo p m . 
I w i ay lomMtry ll. 1477 
FBOZ8N V IO ( I ABLE! 
IO C * M . I wa Way taawarr ll, 1477 
M t a * , mm, ka *ak*4 a* *>lw tm kid 
■* » w| M fka mlOtm ml Hm p ra te , ml f a,,Sanaa, N U V O . H U I) hmm*— ,, turn 
6al*m , I,tm* 

S e o le d b ld p r o p o s o l ! w ill be received bv the B o a rd of T ru stee * et the N o r t h C o s t in d e p e n d e n l 
S c h o o l D is t r ic t fo r the fo llo w in g item s of lh * tim es show n 
S P R I N K L E R S 
7 3o p m 
Tu esday, J a n u a ry ll. 1977 
L A W N M O SE 5 
7 OO P M 
T u e sd a y J a n u a ry Ii. 197? 
Bid fo rm s m ay be picke d up prior to bid o pe n in g In th * office of the O i rector el P u rc h a sin g . N C I S D , 
1o333 
B ro a d w ay. 
Sue 
Antonio. 
T e xas 
Seated b id s will he received h y the 
D ir e c to r of B u s in e s s S e r v ic e s of 
E d u ca tio n So rv ic e C e n lo r. R e g io n 
IO, to# lh * pm (h o se of one ( I) 1977 
S T A T IO N W A G O N unlit IO OO a rn 
J a n u a ry 77, 1977 
Ite m iz e d d e t a il* o r * on til# a n d a vaila ble upon re a u e sl hi tho P u r c h o sin g Office. E d u 'O t io n S e rv ic e 
Center, R egion 2o. 1*5o N E 
Loo p 
41o, San Antonio, T e x a s 782o4 
June Potion. P ut c h a sm j j A e » n ^ ^ 

ST 
W h ite A la s k a n S a m o y r-d 
H u sk y N ear W White anil R u e R d 
( D e ll c r e s t A r e a l P le a s e C o ll 
A © MOO lf too ad ___________________ 
O S T 
W h it* P ee k a Pue. n a m e d tw ig g y 
Dec. 
28 N M c C u llo u g h 
R i d g e v i t w 
A r e a . p le a s e t o l l 
42 o6o1 R E W A R D ' l o s t 
W Ire H a ir e d F o x T e rrie r, 

'U 

J e ffe r s o n H ig h 
W A R D 
733 9o12, 
N a m e d 
F lu ff 
School A re a 
342 979o iiiorfh kide f o l (detective A g e n c y 
We find lost P ets 734 1) 1 1 .1 
R E W A R D dem ote B ritta n y So u lei O ra n g e a n d W h ite a n sw e 
Joint, Leather cottar, flea lost N ew Y e a r •• n igh t n e a t W est 
A y * and B ia n c o F re sn o a nd B a sse 
Ai, 
R e w o rd for in fo rm atio n le a d in g to th* return of our gre y 4' 1 ye ar old fe m a le 
W e im a r o n * r n a m e d 
D u lc e" 73! t m 
575 R E W A R D C 'U Ret., 
5m all 
G re y RoodH- type with R e d collor 
N a m * 
P o j c u t o s t So u th B- tu t 
C ounty V icinity B lo * W in g A n d 1937 
42/ 74o7 
______ 

HOO R E W A R D tar re tu rn of 1 ti,ta while tartioti- (KMnter l ost I vu m ily al L o n g h o rn Cem ent Pi 
Ple ase can PSS 2424 
■ m v rz T W 
,^ i L o v f in K e n n e d y U yk 
Sc h o o l a re a , 3 yr o ld R e d C h o w 
C h o w 
A n s w e r s to l i n t m g H o * shots, no colla, 4 j 2 o278 349 o2/5 
R E W a S 6 ‘ i 'os. im a ll N o rw e u m u 
E lk h o u n d F e m a le W ith B lo c 
C o lo rin g A r o u n d N e c k 
H a s R e d 
Cater With N o N o m e Tag A n sw er 
T o 
M is t y 
V ic in it y o f H a i l 
W u r r o o t k o f L o o p 41o 
349 6469 lime. 494 Mi 19 hom e utter 5 JO n w i f t b 
T i , I die, > h , . g g . gre y and wntte m ale N e a r M et 
Ha,gh Odd I OCOSl 344 6438 

 n u SPfClAL NOTICES 
HTTOfTOTTCTT 

A n sw e r* to 
L o n e e 
T o g N o 281o4 
Coll 422 o39o R E W A R D ! 
L O S T 
P u r l L a b r a d o r k e lt te'ver 
B lo ck with white chest o nd tip * pl toes 
5 m o * old 
N orth w o od a re a 
>22 7292. 
_____________ i S s 'f 
P Omer o n io n rn gig. If** long. 
4 h igh W e igh s J 4 lb s L ost W a r I b a c h F r e d e r i c k s b u r g R d a r e o 
M isse d » * ' , n iu th 658 8811/ 
L 
1 ber ion H u s k y B la ck e n d 
W h it * W ith B lo c k M a r k i n g s N o 
C ollor G len E c h o A rea , R E W A R D 

L O I T Solid b iock m ole cat, no toil 
A r e a 
N a c o g d o c h e s Rd . betw e en 
Loo p 41o a n d B itte rs R d 826o/45 ■ 

A i r c o n d it io n e d t o r w e d d in g s receptions, dunces, etc n o te s up ta 
4so p eo p le 
G re a te r 5 A 
B u n d * 
A ssoc 8925 N W IM to 696 16o/ 
7 

24 lf GAI NOTICES 

 a n Of VAN ANTONIO 

N O T ta Of P O U K 

HI ARING 

<*81 Be hate 
A Public He or Mig wfM be beld by th* City Coeno) el fbe City el See Antonio ee tho 2Stb Bey tannery. 1827 the W fF el ta 
Henry I. 

J OO t i 

R o o m et t e e 

G o o c a te l C e n v a a t t o e 
Heil en fbe alopekai ta create a 
Rapid I lees, 1 Authority, the te­ rtial boundary el which shad ta­ rted* the entire a rg * af le x e r 
(aunty, fexos taiereited per sam are in­ vited to be present 
G V JACKSON, JR. 
City Cleric 

* lH not r>8* t *%&or* mc yr r ©d 
J O H N H iM N S T 

HlYte for a n y fka n m y v r il 

SOI 
BUSINESS OPPORTUNITIES 

A N T I Q U E 
S H O P 
F o r w h o ie s u ta p r ic e 
3 66 6 8 1 6 s a l e e l 

B A R B E R S H O P rn jq u r d u n f o n ta r r e n t d u e to p r e s e n t b a r b e r g o in g n to o th e r b u s in e s s 
Y o u t o n g o to 
C it y B o r h e r S ik h , Im ta ta r m o t io n ar o il. 9 7 2 o 5 9 8 

B E Y O U R O W N B O S S N a m e b r u t a l 
S e r ic e E t (Ilio n w it h o d io im n g 2 d r a a m h o m e o n a c o r n e r k it o n B o s i n * ! ! 1 2 3 in S e g u i n 
I m m e d i a t e g o s s e s s to n of s t a t io n 
O n ly 5 3 7 ,5 8 o 
G E R O N I M O R E A L T Y . P O B o x 8 6 . 
G e r o n im o . T x 179 4 2 1 5 a r 1 72 8 9 4 6 

B I C Y C L E D E A L E R S H I P S I e b e a p p o in t e d h e r * T a g B i c y c l e s . T r n g 
S p a r ! g o o d !, e tc 
H i I n c o m e 
C o l l 
SO P 8 2 4 5 1 2 8 , O y e r 
8 5 o t a w r i t e 
I B 
I , P O B o x 2 8 o 8 1 . S o b J o s e . C A 
9 5 1 6 o _______________ 
______ _______________ 

C b N T R A C f D F E B R E O 
WORMS 
W e n rn g r o w e r s n e e d e d 
W e b u y o il 
■ 
C P U r a is e C o n to t I K B e e W u r m 
T a rn s 686o87?________________ 

 c o r n e r o T w I T t A V E 
"a M b 
A L A M I T O S 
G o o d N S l o c u t i o n . 
4u*>«ta r e t a i l t o ll o» s p o t * S 7 o o m o 
3 42 o 8 3 3 o r 341 # 134 

A l e g e r 1 le a n * 1 lo g g e d d ' g rid s e w e r s b e s t p lu m p in g r e p u n t o o 
O n e c o n d o e s it a l l , p r i c e s b e fo r e w e s t a r t S e v e n d a y s a w e e * 
C o il o n y t im * 34 1 6 1 2 4 o r th e w h it e p a g e s to r A A o u g e r 
— l f TIA HK'Ai iH e iX i'— 
J a n o g r y O n l y r re# 
Sauna t p r i c e M a s s a g e 
T O K Y O 
M O U S E 
1712 3 3 6 ! 
P f N T W U A I I H g l i l . ion” 
" only ill H r Muvsuue F i e * w a t t , bed 
Garden 
B ain ti* 
Reqisun 
11 AJ443 9 ). 
Atm os! f r e e f 1 or,sp-,r i,, 11 oi. 
T a D e a u it a n d o t h e r g e m is 
C o n m 
-2 23 1 

COUNTRY CLUB AKUI 
H iio e b r o iid . 2 h o m e s , c o n e d B J 
U s e o n e to r b u s in e s s , s e n o n e to m o v e h o v * o w n p a r k in g tat 
126 6665 
7361766 
734 4117 
W A T S O N A S O M R E A L T O R S 

O R I V E IN G R O C E R Y o n d G A S 
[P le a s a n t o n . I s t o a s e r v i c e t o r o il y o u r (W e d s . o m p it p a r k in g n e x t to ta g h ig h w a y 
S IM M O N S R E A L E S - 
T A T E , P o t e e t 
I 747 3 34 4 . 143 6 8 5 3 

 b u s i n e s s 
I N C L U D E D 
Cm m o w t h o c o u g h lo i * O n ly u n * ta it s k in d 'n t h e c i t , 
I s e r v i c i n g s h o p s . I n c lu d in g b o d y o n d p o i n t 
O V E R 
35 S A L I S P I R 
M O M T M I 
A s k 
For M r . O r l t l . 
344-4 4 7 1 , t o t a l 
M I I M I 
B O B B R E M M E R R E A L T O R S 

R 
■ © © M N 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Saturday January 8 1977 

("a n n o u n c e m e n t s H ^ I 

 t 
SUPAI MOUCK D 
© c «"tut NOTICES 2)(uoJ (, mem Honai 
J ( f i g ) 
Today’s Lucky 
License p h o t o w i n n e r 

BUSINESS 
OPPORTUNITIES 

EMPLOYMENT 

 c 
PROFESSIONAL D O C 
PROFESSIONAL DO C 
PROFESSIONAL J O 

Deadline: 5 p.m. Mon., Jan. IO, 1977 

(Claims not honored on w eekends)___ 

POLYGRAPHING A INVESTIGATION 

Top a cco u n ts. 
W ill t w r h 
«®w o w n er. N ets $ 2 o ,o o o y r. $ 1 5 ,o o o dn. 
TAPES, RECORDS, JEWELRY 
K o d ak d e a le r, nice fix tu re *, g r o t* 
$ 1 5 o ,o o o , n e t* $ 3 5 ,o o o , $ 3o,ooo. 
DRY CLEANING A LAUNDRY 
S h irt u n it. Top eq u ip , w / p ro p e rty , 
N e t* $ 2 5 ,o o o y r., $ 1 5 ,o o o dn. 
EAST Eooo OPERATION 
A lso to g o . O w n er IO y r*. A lw ay * b u sy . N e t* $ 1 4 ,o o o y r., $1 2 ,o o o . 
PLUSH RESTAURANT NORTHEAST 

 w ith m ix e d drink lo u n g e , g ro ttb tg 
$ 4 o ,o o o m o . sh o rt h r*., g o o d le a s e , s e a ts $ 2 3 o , $ 6 5 ,o o o dn. 
FINE MEXICAN RESTAURANT 
S e a t s 6 o . G ood le a s e . Lots o f fo o d to g o . N ets 5 1 oOO m o . $ 7 5 o o . 
CUAN DAIRY RHEEM e x c e lle n t p ark in g , lo a d s o f eq p t-r m o n e y m a k e r, $ 8 5 o o . T erm s. 

 you c a n w in $ 5 o c a s h ! 
EXPRESS-NEWS 
CLASSIFIED ADS LUCKY LICENSE 

Pick up bumper stickers at the Express-News lobby, Avenue i and Third St. or at any 
San Antonio lone Star - Circle K - U-Tote-M - Mr. M store. 

EXPRESS-NEWS n I II— 
AMS LUCKY U M M 

 lucky license Rules and How to Claim Prize: 

1. S lick Lucky License bum per sticker on re ar bu m per o f veh icle as close to license plate os possible Be sure bum per is clean as b u m p e r sticker w ill not adhere to d irty surface. 

2. W a tch the Express and N e w s cla ssifie d pages fo r p ic tu re o f w in n in g lie ense plates w hich w ill be p u b lish e d e ve ry d a y . 
3 
W inner must claim p rize by d e a d lin e sta te d in the ad . 

4. Bring S tate a u to m o b ile re g istra tio n slip to Lucky License Editor a t the 
Express N ew s. C laim s w ill no t be ho n o re d on S a tu rd a y or S unday 
 e lig ib le lf such a license is in a d v e rte n tly pu b lish e d , it w ill no t be honored. 
 e lig ib le for p h o to w inner. 

7 . W inners w ill be a w a rd e d $ 5 o cash if the p riz e is cla im e d b e fo re the sta te d de adline , lf it is n o t, the p rize is fo rfe ite d . 

8 
N o purchase is necessary. Bum per stickers a re a v a ila b le fre e a t the 
Express N ew s Lo bby, Lone S tar, C ircle K o r U Tote M o r M r M 

 stores C opies o f the Express and N ew s a re a v a ila b le for inspe ction at the ro n t counter fro m 8 .3 o a rn. to 5 :3 o p m. M o n d a y F rid a y or at public lib ra rie s d u rin g op en hours. 

YOUR OPPORTUNITY 

TINES! MIXED DRINK CLUB 
W M ) fo o d . N X BWS* fix tu re s 
N e t* o w e , $ 3 ,5 o o m o. $ 2 o ,o o o dx. 

BUSY NORTKSIOE RESTAURANT 
M ix e d d rinks. 
S e a ts 
1 2 o . 
G ro ss 
$ 1 8 o ,o o o . 
N ets 
$ 4 o ,o o o y r. 
$ 2 5 , o o o dn. 

URGE BUSY WASHATERIA 
C lo se to b a se . G rossin g $ 3 5 ,o o o $ n o ts $ 1 5 ,o o o yr. $ 9 5 o o dn. 

BUSY HOOL HAU 
M ix e d drink*. 
N e ts 
$ 2 o o o m o . 
$ 1 5 ,o o o dn. No co m p etitio n . 

MODERN CLEANING PLANT 
W itt* 3 fo p pick up sta tio n s. G o o d le a s e s , n e t $ 2 2 o o m o . $ 1 o ,o o o dn. 

SEVERAL MIXED DRINK CLUBS 
N I, r e a l m o n ey m a k e rs, cle a n flx - tu ra s , g o o d p ark in g , lo o s e s, te rm s . 

BUSY CONVENIENCE STORE 
N eH $ 8 o o m o. Top lo ca tio n , g o o d p rk g ., lo o s e . $ 5 ,o o o . d t 
Co-. 

7 3 5 -9 4 5 8 
2oo3 N. M ain 
7 3 5 -8 6 1 1 

BUSINESS 
OPPORTUNITIES 

 fcOOOO OOOC BANDERA 
DRIVE IN 
Would you like to own and operate o profitable business located on Main street across from The famous Coboret Nightclub’ Plus 3 efficiency apts Af! this for $45,ooo, owner financed with 2o PCT, balance ot 8'/r PO for IS years. 
C O M M ER C IA L PROPERTIES 
2 very nice mosonery buildings with 2oo ft. Mom Street frontage 576o sq ft. presently leased ond operating os a furniture store Small building USS sg. ft presently leased as business office Exceptional value priced right 
96 PLUS ACRES IDEAL RETIREMENT located 41/? miles west on FM 1o77 in the beautiful Hill Country 3 stock tanks, abundance of game, owner financed with 2o PCT down. Priced right. 
LUXURIOUS MONTAGUE RANCH 
In the beautiful Mill Country located 3 miles N W of Bandera. Superb view from any point. Stocked 4o acre lake and pool open to land owners. Restric­ tions for those who desire the ultimate in living. S acre - plus tracts. 
(512) 796-4677 
(512) 796-4574 
ELSIE BROOKS SMITH, REALTOR 

DOUBLE BONUS ADS* 
(MERCHANDISE ADS ONLY - CLASS 731) 
SAVE YOU 6o% 
WRITE YOUR OWN AD 
A N e w lo w Rote foe private p o tty M erchandise A dvertising called 
Double Bonus Ads w ill deliver results at Texas Steed Savings of 6 o % These ads are exposed to 2 9 3 ,o o o potential buyers Doily in the Son Antonio W ont Ad Superm arket (3 3 ,o o o more thon the lig h t) 

The Double Bonus Special is designed to provide o reduced role for individuals who wish to sell things they no longer need In n special rate of 2 tines, 6 days $ 3 makes it p ro fitable to advertise low cost items such as baby furniture or used appliances 

The only requirements are 
I. O n ly private individuals are eligible for this 6 o % m oney-savm g rate 
2 
The od must be placed for six days It the item is sold before the six days are up, you may cancel further running days o f the od but the full rate will be charged (In other words, no refund or rate ad|ustment for unused days and no copy substitutions) 
2 LINES • 6 DAYS • *3 
(ADDITIONAL LINES EXTRA) 
SAVE AN ADDITIONAL 1o% BY 
MAILING PAYMENT WITH YOUR AD 
|«— I 
I I I I I I I I I I I I IT I I I I I I I I I T I I L -L L D p i 1111 i r 1111 i i n i 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 L L L L m m 
3 1 
I I I I I I I I I I I I r n I 
I I I I I I I IT T T T T D 
A r r r r m i I I I I I I I I 1 1 I I I I 1 1 1 I I I I I 'D 
«yi i i i i i i i i i i i i i 1 1 i i i i i 11 i r r m 
~ m 
2 lines . . . $ 3 .oo 
3 lines . . . 
4.SO 
4 lines . . . 
6.oo 
5 lin e s . . . 
7.5o 
6 lines . . . 
9.oo 
7 lines . . . 1o.5o 

PROFIT OPPORTUNITY 
D u n n 8. B r a d s t r e e t s a y s 
C o in 
O pe ra ted L a u n d ry and D ry Clean ing Stores a rc one o f tw o in d u strie s w ith the least fa ilu re fig u re s .' 
K W IC X 
W A S H c o in o p e ra te d la u n d ry and d ry cle a n in g test stores tor sale 
W E H A V E choice la u n d ry locations in e very p o rt of San A nto nio ready lo b uild now 
B A N K R A TE F IN A N C IN G 
F o r in fo rm a tio n c a ll E d F lo yd 
512 684-1771 o r v is it o u r w a r c h o u s e s h o w ro o m a t 54o3 J a c k wood. San A ntonio, Tx 78218 
F o rd C o m m e rc ia l Soles Inc. 
The W o rld ’s L a rg e s t 
Speed Queen D is trib u to r 
R E C O R D STO RE 
N o rth ea st E x c e lle n t L oca tion , good lease P ric e d lo sell Call 655 651o 

R iv e r R e s ta u ra n t L ea se to r sale 
Call 826 8912 QI 828 SOI I a tte r 5 PM 
T ire shop tor re n t, co n be used tor u p h o ls te r y o r b o d y s h o p 
3o1 
F re d e ric k s b u rg Rd 
14 U N IT M O T E L 
K itc h e n e tte s 
P lu s h fu rn is h in g s E x c e lle n t inca hon 
4 b r 3 b ath , liv in g q u a rte rs 
SI 
OOO ye ar p o te n tia l, 52o.ooo down 
6/1 5777 144 3633 
_______ 
WE B U Y 
B usinesses and In v e n to rie s 
J K A H N Ii ASSOC 342 482? 

WORMS 
We buy w o rm s u n d e r c o n tra c t 
W o rm g ro w e rs needed 
St? 65.1 514o 
W O RM E N T E R P R IS E S 

5o4 MONEY IO LEND 

B U S IN E S S L O A N S a v a ila b le to r any p urpo se 
S2ooo to 51o m illio n 
C oll R H o le kam p (S I?) 995 2186 or w rite PO Box 276, C o m fo rt, Tx 78o11 

EQUITABLE 
TRUST COMPANY 
We specialize in the p urcha se ot 
•C h a tte l or R eal E s ta te Notes 
•F in a n c ia l Leasing 
• F a c to rin g A ccou n ts R eceivable 
IN Q U IR E A T 226 o314 
1818 NBC B ldg 
San A ntonio 

Figure the cost of your od from these low rates Deduct 1o% for paym ent with your order These rotes are tor private party w a n t ads and apply to six consecutive day inset Irons 
2 Imes m inimum. Ap proxim ately 31 spaces per line 

P lease check your od the first day it a p p e a rs N O ADJUSTMENTS 
FOR ERROR C A N BE MADE AFTER THt FIRST R U N N IN G DAY 

N A M I 
PHONE NO 

ADDRESS 

CITY 

START DATE 

STATE 
ZIP 

CLASS. 

MAIL COUPON TO 
KXRRiSS-NEWS DOUBLE BONUS ADS 
Ave. E at Third St./P.O Box 2171 
----------- 
San Antonio, Texas 78297 
----------- 
OR CALL .. . 2 2 5 - 1 6 6 6 t o d a y 
B O N U S A D S B R IN G RESULTS! 

1 $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ 

H IG H L A N D P A R K S TATE BAN K 
The bank w ith m o re tim e tor you! 
H ig h la n d at H a c k b e rry 532-3111 
N E E D C A S H ? ’ 
B U T H A V E NO C R E D IT ? ? ’ 
C all Unton F in a n ce 223 6871 
S M A LL HONO R LOANS 
JUST P R O M IS E TO P AY 
A B A C R E D IT 
223 6249 
S ta rtin g , e xp a n d in g , in ta n g ib le ac counts re c e iv a b le cash a v a ila b le to r these a nd o th e r m o n ey needs 
C all 673-8857 now 
_______ 
W H EN TH E B A N K SAYS NO ! 
WE SAY GO 
55o,ooo up 349 6421 

INSTRUCTIONS DGO) 

D A Y & N IT E CLASSES 
In all B usiness Courses ond D ra ftin g . 
V et A pp ro ved . E n ro ll Now 
D U R H A M C O LL E G E 
1o5 SAN P E D R O 
225-54o1 
F in ish High School a t H om e 
D ip lo m a a w a rd e d 
F o r fre e b ro c h u re , c a ll A m e ric a n S chool, tool fre e 
I 8oo 621 8318 

6o1 PROFESSIONAL 

NOTICE TO 
JOB APPLICANTS 
Advertisements in these columns are accepted on the premise thai lobs of feted will be filed on the bays of men) without discrimination because of sex unless the |ob is o bonafide OC cupotiona! qualification 
EMPLOYMENT 
AGENCIES 
The Son Antonio Private tmployment 
Association has a rigid (ode of Ethics to which oil its privote employment agency members subscribe for in formation about pnvote employment agencies, or action on complaints, coll 
??4 78o2 at the 
Better 
Business 
Bureau 

WE NEED AN 

ART DIRECTOR NOW! 

Experienced graphic de ­ signer for commercial 
TV station. Please send resume, im m ediately, to: 

Express-News Box 7695 
San Antonio, TX 78291 

W . a r e a n aq u a! op p ortu nity e m p lo y er 

E x p e rie n c e d k in d e rg a rte n te a c h e r needed M o rn in gs only 5 d a y week 
A pp ly p l SOO? N o rth w e st Loop lip 
E X P 
M A N A G E R fo r c h ild c o re ce n te r For a pp t ca ll 696 5677 
IN T E R IO R D E S IG N E R 
E x o c le n ce d w ith h ig h soles v o lu m e background 
Apply C e n tra l Pork 
Interiors 

512 INSTRUCTIONS 

JO B H U N T IN G ? 512 565,ooo B er n a r d H a ld a n e & A s s o c 
(5 1 2 ) 
342 3166 
S in c e 
1947. 
N o t p lace m e n t agency 

MINNIS} 

OPPORTUNITIES 

E S T A B L IS H E D BUSIN ESS in Tor p ity S e rvice s ta tio n g ro c e ry , by big q u a rte rs , cote b or re c re a tio n o m o c o ld s to ra g e m e c h a n ic s shed A p p ro * I acre g ro u t ii P rim e lo c u tio n N e go tia ble te rm s o w ner fin a n ce * 
W o o ta n R lty 
494 2825, 
347 6o15 B an d era 796 32o5 

Excellent Opportunity 
B a rb e r shop lo u n g e c o ft a n d 2 a pts A ll in I b u ild in g A ll equip and fu rn itu re in clu de d T e rm s or ow ner w ill c u rry RL A LT O S SIJ 5511 lutes 
o55o875 
Arthur E. BIARD 
F A N T A S T IC L O C A T IO N 
Son P e d ro o n d L o o p d re g , bea u b lo tty d e c o ra te d re s ta u ra n t 44oo sp ti 714 2218 f w e st N o rth e a s t C h ild re n A p p a re l 
S hop to r in v e n to r y a n d fix t u r e s cost W ell e sta b lish ed o v e r I y e a rs w ith ch oice c lie n te le 
655 2566 
655-1111 

M i KNISS 
OPPORTUNITIES 

H IG H V O L U M E 
DISCOUNT 
LIQUOR STORE 

F o r salt- or lease. 1o19 PteusunlO ' 
R d ., m e ld ) Q u o n se t b u ild in g , b v ow ner 923 I I M 
H A IR S T Y L IN G S ALO N 
W eil E s ta b lis h e d b usiness 
C oli M is te r R iv a *. 223 1158 
LADIES CLOTHING 
G oing b usin e ss in good HW lo c a tio n 
O w ner m u s t se ll E x c e lle n t u pp er lu m ty tor rig n t b u y e r. C o il O w ens, 
R E A L T O R 349-1121 n ile * 826-5463 
Arthur LB 
IARD 

INTERESTED. 

L A U N D R O M A T to r s o le 
G ro s s 
521,ooo G re a t lo catio n U w ashers, 
18 d ry e rs 
C oll n ow ! 684 o317 or 
433 4655 
LO C K S M IT H 5 B U S IN E 55 ON 
Wonder land's par k ing tat 
54 (MKI buys e v e ry th in g and Puts you in business 
W ATSO N 6 SON R E A L T O R ! 
736 1766 
828 o664 
133T143 
•M o b ile Hum e P a rk a nd Lou ng e * 
P ru e re d uce d tor q uick sole due to business in te re s t e lsew he re bv o u i o l sla te o w ne rs Includ es 25oo sa ti fu lly e q u ip p e d lo u n g e 
26 sp ace s w ith p a d s , IO w ith o u t p a d s , a n d own w ater system , a ll s itu a te d on 43 oak studded a cre s, fro n tin g IH 35N w itn v ie w u t N E S an A n to n io 
A v a ila b le w ith o nly IS a c re s ii de s ire d Jim Brunson Realty 651-676o 
Niles 1-625-8142 
M ON EY M AKING BARBER SHOP 
M7 S BRAZOS 

MJKNISS 
OPPORTUNITY D© 

L A R G E G R O C E R Y S T O R E U 
S e rv ic e S ta tio n O w n e r fin a n c e d p ric e d to set) 
Dick Young Real Estate 
K a m e s C ity. Texas 

MOTEL LISTINGS 

5.A Tx 782 

 e hay 
175 m i of So 
C oll A N 
M g yr de I POO I 
H B C Real 

NOR THS IDE FOOD M A R K E T 
E s ta b lish ed 38 years 
G ood m o n e y -m a k e r to r s o m e on e who w ants lo w o rk 
Illn e s s fo rc e s 
Sole! C oll 736-3181 tor in to rm a tio n 

QfllCt BUILDING 
■ IOC sa ti , larg e p ackin g ce n tra l a ir, heat m u st see 
838 o665 
734 1/66 
534 4439 
W ATSON A SON R E A LT O R S 
O p e ra tin g R e sta u ra n t business ond equ ip m e nt fur sale 224 7775 
O w n Y o u r O w n B u s in e s s 
W h ite 
A uto Stores 391o F ie ld Rd , W ichita 
F o ils TX C oll (817) 69? 34to 
P la n t ana g ift shop n orth e ast, stock ond fix tu re s u nder SVQOG take over lease on 9oo sa ft 65S 5684 655 4872 o tte r 6 

✓ N y 
RF GISTER 
J \ 
NOW FOR 

“ 
“ 
"T H 

 intrance Oate 
MEDICAL 
ASSISTANT COURSE 

 including 
Post 
Surgical 
Care, EKG (etc.) 

 a l s o 
MEDICAL RECEPTIONIST 
MEDICAL SECRETARIAL 
NURSES AIDE ORDERLY 

•ASIC GRANTS ARF AVARAM! 

C A U N O W 
2 2 4 - 9 2 8 6 
CBM EDUCATION 
CENTER 
1 1 2 1 N A V A R R O 

HALLMARK 
AERO- TECH ^ 

BECOM E A LICENSED a v i a t i o n t e c h n ic ia n 

• Approved tot Hetero” * 
• Ai bedded NAUS Institution 
• (AA Approved 
• Courses in Auf rome ond Bown (dont 
• Quality for (AA AAP license 
• Course Duration I? Months 
• Job Placement Assistance 

MAW CLASS j w p s t* # 

V IS H OR CAII 
H A L L M A R K A ER O TECH 
HJO 99th Vt.. Stinson field 
Son Antonio. Texas 71214 
9 7 4 * 5 5 1 

ENROLL N O W 
CLASSIS MOW FORMING 
. O 
' 

• 
.rte * Aide 
M W 
. 
J • M ole Orderly 
A U • € * M «dirul A ld . i f * ta b A u l. 
• Approved l»r 
*4- * Y 
Illy.birr V eteran. 
• f agible tor lo w 
"J eg)* 
Job Platement Assistance 
•or Information tall 
S.W. School of 
Medical Assistants 
2 2 4 - 2 2 9 6 
115 Broadsway 

L e a rn P ro fe ssio n a l B A R T E N D IN G and bor M A N A G E M E N T a w o rld wide profession Jobs in dem and in clubs ond re s ta u ra n ts tor m en and wom en 
B R O T H E R H O O D SCHOOL OF 
BARTENDING 
A JtfMQ*, C e rtifie d Trade School 
Ottorino lr## ab>t'stout# aud VA d i’scourifi Com now 
349 ^6iil or 923 9VJ7 
1o1$ JACKSON K E L I £ * Suit# 2o2 
New 
LffQtft Jon. IO 

LEWIS BARBER COLLEGE 
62o6 5 f tores 
924 388o 

R E O W O R M S , c o m p a re p r ic e s befo re you buy 
B uy back c o n tra c t tim e p aym en ts plan on a I bed 8x3 f t , 
SO OOO w o r m s to a 
6 b e d o p e ra tio n , a ls o h a rv e s t m a c h in e s tilla b le 
T h o m a s A rn o ld 
64o7 
O ris k a n y . Son A nto nio, Tx 78247, 
512-656 oo16 

Security Officer Training 
State a pp ro ved classes beg in ning IO 
Jon Doe and n ig h t classes Cogr is re q u ire d by s ta te la w fo r hand gun a rm e d o ffic e rs . C ourse is open to a n y o n e in te re s te d in s e c u rity w o r k , C o ll 225 18 3o. 1oa m 5pm 
A m e ric a n 
Academy af 
Private 
P olice 

Veteran Inquiries Welcome t a 
Vocational School 
1913 S F lo re s 
22 53253 

KSATTV is now occepttng a p p lic a tio n s to r an 
A D V E R T IS IN G A N D 
PR O M O TIO N M A N A G E R equ al o p p o rtu n ity e m p lo y e r Art F 

P ro fe ssio na l E x e c u tiv e 
C onsultants in t I 
P ersonnel C onsultants 
6243 IH IO. Suite 44o 
512 736 2243 

SP ASSO CIATES P io fe s s io n a l 
E m p lo y m e n t C onsultants 
828 5571 
18oo P la ta W 

PROOF READERS 

We have an immediate need for proof readers in our editorial and processing unit. Prefer applicants with a major in journalism, plus a strong capability in English grammar. Related experience in print shop or cold type setting activities would be helpful. Salary will be based on experience and training. 

★ Advancement Opportunities 

★ Excellent Employee Benefits 

For Personal Interview, Please Call 684-51 I I , Ext. 2253 
SOUTHWEST RESEARCH INSTITUTE 
85oo Culebra Rd. 

A n Equ al O p p o rtu n ity Em p lo ye r 

SAHS 
DO 

I SALES REPS 
$9,9oo-$ 11,ooo a v e ra g e fir*t ye a r 
Need 2 sates raps tmmedkrtwy. 

 e Excellent salary arrange­ ments 
• Top em ployee benefits 

 e C ar furnished or auto allow ance e Prefer some outside sales exp. 

• M ust be settled and dep­ endable 

Call 341-1331 for appt. or apply at SOIO West Ave. 
ORKIN Exterminating Co. 

DEANIE OWENS CO., 
REALTORS has two openings for the Northwest office, lf you are thinking of mak­ ing a change, alii us for more in­ formation 
Plenty of floor duty available. Or, if you ore in the pro­ cess of acquiring hours to become licensed, we con help you obtain your license. 
Call 3 4 4 -6 2 o 7 

TdEAME Owens 
-4w 
REALTORS-NHS 

DRILLING FLUIDS 
TECHNICIAN 
M /F 
(MUST BE OVER 21) 
FOR SCHOOL B EG IN NING IN 
MARCH, 1 9 7 7 

Consider a career in one o f the h e a lth ie st in­ dustries in the w o rld to d a y — the oil industry. 

M in im u m 
H igh 
School d ip lo m a o r 
(G ED) e q u ivale n ce required. R ig e x p e rie n ce prefer* red but not required. M u st enjoy o n -th e -g o ou td oor w ork! M u st be w illin g to re locate. W ill w o rk 7 d a y s per w e e k and be on 24 hour call. 
M u st b e m ature an d a b le to w o rk in­ dependently. 

The D rillin g Fluids Technician m a k e s d a ily w e ll­ site a n a ly sis o f m ud p ro p e rtie s b y both chem ical an d m echanical checks; interprets w ell conditions an d com plications; re co m m e n d s a d d itiv e * to m ain tain the m u d system . 

IM C O SERVICES, A D ivisio n o f H A L L IB U R T O N 
C o m p an y, is a rap id ly e x p a n d in g m ajor m an u factu rer an d su pplier o f drillin g flu id s to the oil industry. H e a d q u arte re d in H ouston, 
Texas, IM C O SERVICES m ain tain s p rod u ct in­ ve n to rie s an d asso ciate d se rvice ca p a b ilitie s in all m ajor oil field drilling site s th ro u gh o u t the w orld. 

W e p ro vid e a 13 w e e k tra in in g p ro gra m , co m ­ p re h e n sive 
C o m p a n y benefits, co m p e titive salaries, C o m p an y car fo r b u sin e ss use, an d e x p e n se account. 

C all fo r a n a p p o in tm e n t J a n u a ry TO, 8 A .M .-11 
A .M . 
LYNN BERRY 
(512) 225-2581 
<> IMCO SERVICES 

 jjS f * a Division of H A I I IB U R T O N Company 
, 
- 
• H r.-iston Texas 77o27 

PROGRAMMER 

★ Caro ar O p p o rtu n ity 

* H ealth Insurance 

A V acation 
* R etire m e n t 

* S ic k L e a v e 

* Free P a rk in g 

M A N A G E R 
T R A IN E E 
G r e a t g ro w th O bO O rtum ty to le a r n a n d 
B t tor re ce nt co lle ge g ra d S7oo m o Fee nego 
826-9671 
2446 Ceegee 
LO C K E E M P L O Y M E N T S E R V IC E 

MGMT TRAINEES 
Be s to re m g r I ,< y rs , le a rn to ta l o p e ra tio n S6oo 65o. Call John Vest 
826 9671 
2446 Ceegee 
LO C K E E M P L O Y M E N T S E R V IC E 

Salory 
Range 
$ 9 5 3 o to 
$ 1 3 7 7 2 
A nnually. 
Must have know ledge o f Century Series. N e a t 3 ond C obol languages w ith a M inimum o f tw o years site experience. 

A p ply in person to 

TEXAS EMPLOYMENT COMMISSION 

4 o 6 South M a in 

1 3 S South P a rk M a ll 

1 o 15 Jackson K e lle r 

Ad paid by *m p loy*r 

• OPTICIAN • 
DISPENSING ONLY 
E x c e lle n t o p p o rtu n ity fo r c o re e r o p in io n to m a n e g e u n it 
4o h o u r w e e k , to p s a la r y , in c e n tiv e o n d b o n u s C o m p re h e n s iv e in s u ra n c e a n d re tire m e n t p lan . C all Cole N o ­ tio n a l C orp. 228 4168 (e x c e p t Wed nesdays). 
E a u o l o p p o rtu n ity e m p loye r 
P a r t tim e p u b lic a tio n s w o rk : c d r t o r w r it e r , c o m p o s itio n , la y o u t, p a s te u p to r m a g a zin e , n e w s le tte r, n e w s re le ase s. H o u rs v a ry 
Send a p p lic a tio n to E x p re s s N e w s Box 
77/6 Son A ntonio 78297 

• CONSTRUCTION MATERIALS ENGINEER 
M ay be recent C E or 
G eneral Engineer graduate 
• CONSTRUCTION MATERIALS TECHNICIANS 
Experienced or trainee with some related college background im m ediate openings for personnel. Free m edical and life insurance, vocation and annual bonus. 
Salary com ­ m ensurate with background. 
RABA ENGINEERS, INC. 
1o526 Gulf dale 
San Antonio, Texas 
(5 1 2 ) 3 4 2 -4 2 1 6 
Program m er Analyst 
I 2 y e a rs e x p e rie n c e rn p ro g ra m m in g on IB M 36o-37o 
D e g r e e p r e fe r r e d b u t e a u iv o le n t e x p e r- f n e t co n be ‘ u b s titu te d 
K n o w - e d g e ot T O B A L r e a u ir e d 
A L C , 
)S V SI or CICS e xpe rie n ce h elp ful. 
UT H E A L T H SC IEN C E C E N T E R 
’ 7o3 F L O Y D C u rl D r Son A ntonio, 
E qual O p p o rtu n ity E m p lo y * 

SALIS 
SALES 

TEACHERS! 
S pecializing in T eacher p la ce m e n t 
SPEARS P E R S O N N E L S E R V IC E 
2o7 JACKSON K E L L E R 
828 1292 

SII? SALIS 

A n o ld e sta b lish ed in s u ra n c e com p o n y needs a lo c a l p e rso n to sell 
Ona se rvice in s u ra n c e s u rro u n d in g 
San A n to n io E x p e rie n c e d e s ire d b u t not necesssory. p ro p e r tro th in g p ro v id e d S ta rtin g s a lo ry n eg otia b le w ith a raise in 4 w eeks C a ll R L. 
L a n d lo rd o f 342 1552 

ATTRACTIVE 
S E I F C O N F ID E N T , in t e llig e n t , e x p sales la d y needed to c o ll on business e x e cu tive s. H ig h c o m m is ­ sio n s . bonus, o n d c a r a llo w a n c e 
C oll 34? 8183 

AVON 
IS T H E HO MO MO O V * * ? L e t 
A v o n help you oet c a u g h t up w ith h olida y b ills Sell p a rt tim e on your o w n s c h e d u le 
N a e x p e r ie n c e necessary, l it show you how 
C A L L 
226 o941 

C O M M IS S IO N C O N C IO U 5 
R e al 
E s ta te 
S a le s 
U n h a p p y w ith e a rn in g s ? O p p ty ? F u tu re ? C o ll 
Tex Vet R ealty 435 484o 

DEANIE OWENS REALTORS 
A few licensed agents needed if you o re lo o k in g fo r g c h a n g e 
Do 
N o w 11 Join San A ntonio s m ost ac fiv e Real E s ta te Co. fo r a p p t 
M r Booker 736 2225 

DO YOU L IK E S E L L IN G 
We need soles c o n ta c t w ith re ta il h a rd w a re o n d lu m b e r a c c o u n ts 
E stabtished line. e xisting a ccounts, c o m m is s io n b a s is W o rk a t y o u r o w n p a c e 
R e p ly to E X PR E SS 
NEW S BOX 4815, Son A nto nio, Tex as 78297 

'OPPORTUNITY ’71 lf you have a real estate license and it s not making enough money for you 
YOU CAN EARN BIG SUPPLEMENTARY 
INCOME FOR PARTTIME WORK! 
We need licensed men t women for evening and 
Saturday and/or Sunday. 
It We train you. ★ We furnish prospects. 
★ We pay high commissions— weekly. 
You fa n work full or parttim e. Call today for confidential interview. M r. M ack, 7 3 2 -2 1 I I , 

((^2) PYT 
FTY 
NORTH AMERICAN TOWNS 
(OF TEXAS. I! 

FULL TIME TELEPHONE SALES 

We can train you to earn up to $4.oo per making calls from our office, we are on the Bus line and we have free parking. 

 lf you are 18 or over and need a steady job with a chance for advancement please call 
Mr. Brown 
2 2 5 -2 8 1 8 
An Equal Opportunity Employer 

 w h ite tr a in in g 
I n ig h t p e r week 
Keep y o u r p re sen t position. 
Cat! M r G arcia 344 6956 

ENCYCLOPAEDIA 
BRITANNICA 
Salespeople a re am ong the highest p a id ? ” the w o rld 
1 Immediate openings 
2 We will tram 
2 Must hove car 
4. We wark leads appt basis 
For p e rso n a l in te rv ie w 

732-21o$ 

PART TIME 

TELEPHONE 

SALES 
5 p.m. to 9 p.m. 

College, High School, Military 

 or Retired persons can earn up 

 to $4.oo per hour making calls 

 from our office. 

NO EXPERIENCE NEEDED 

FREE PARKING 

CALL MR. GREEN 

225-281o 

 tx (qual Opportunity implorer 

SALES PERSON 

Join the growing energy con­ servation industry, lf you ore look­ ing for o new career ond con follow directions coiling on business and industry, this commission position will offer unlimited earnings We ore a growing company that offers great growth potential. 

Call for interview appt, 

 between 9ain-4pm Mon-f ri. 

6 8 1 -o 6 o o 

REAL ESTATE SALES 
Our expansion program has opened several residential sales positions or career-oriented persons w ith ar WITHOUT ex­ perience. Your success potential is thoroughly explored in our CON flDFNTIAl interview program . M you are accepted, you benefit 
{rem our extensive in-house tra in in g program and our proven success patterns. 
Coll 
Jerry 
Seagrove, 824-o121, et our Son 
Pedro 
Office or fra n k 
Weatherbee, 
347-3211, at our fredericksburg Bd. Office, er Bill 
McGinnis, 
494-76S1, et our 
Brookholiow. Office, 
15)3o Sen 
Pedro 

 koSOUT&kfiiTW^ 

REALTORS ■ 5o YRS Of TRUST 

CAPABLE 
STORE MANAGER 

Able to waif "MT customers os well as train other employees, ladies sportswear snap in northside moll. Top salary and fringe benefits, 
■ 

Write for interview givma ex­ perience ond background Ex- press-hews Box 777o, San An- 
■tonio 78297. 

We o re lo o k in g f o r a o e rm o n e n f m ole o r fem ale re p ., to sell a co m plete line ot m a in ten an ce p ro d u c ts 
In th e g re a te r San A n to n io a re a ; e xpe rie n ce not necessary, b ut m u s t be a m b itio u s and d e s ire to succeed. 
O v e r 125 e s ta b lis h e d a c c o u n ts , lim ite d tra v e l 
E v e r y b u s in e s s a pro spe ct, u n lim ite d o p p o rtu n ity to r a d v a n c e m e n t 
W r ite 
4122 T o d d 
Lane, 
A ustin , 
TX 
78744 o r c o ll 
512-443 1612. 

Widowed? Divorced? 

A p a rtm e n t S electo r is now a t ce p tm o a p p lic a tio n s to r A p a rt m e a t C ounselors The C om pany s u p p lie s the p ro s p e c ts ond the lis tin g s , YOU s u p p ly the h a rd w o rk , d e d ic a tio n a n d e n th u s ia s m re a u ir e d f o r th is o u t s ta n d in g c o re e r o p p o r tu n ity a b a s e s a la r y p lu s e x c e lle n t bonus plan T exas Real E s ta te 
L icen se re q u ire d . C all 349 1737 

I 
^ 
NEED 
I DISTRIBUTORS 

J I wont to talk to people who wont ^ 
— to make money I don t core what J 
& you hove worked at before but a 
4* soled background would help 

J if you wont to odvonce in a hurry 
Tv give us o try 
^ 

 j^, Coll my answering service anytime ^ ond I will call bock as soon os ^ possible 
^ 
J 
Pat Wood 
X 
3 4 9 - 6 o 7 5 
J 

6o4 TECHNICAL 
• • • • • • • • # 

• 
EXPERIENCED 
• 
• 
BENCH 
• TECHNICIAN • 

Salary dependent on ex- 

 perience. 
B P 

A 
Excellent com pony bene- A f t fit., 
# 

J 
Call 7 3 6 -4 6 o 3 
^ 
• • • • • • • • I 

SALES 
TRAINEES 

Immediate openings for mature salespersons to sell quality |ewelry in Caribe Diamond Salons Previous experience in |«welry soles de­ sirable Training salory will be S37S monthly 
CALL 
6 5 4 - 1 8 7 1 

For A ppointm en t 

V w 

ID E A L JOB ’or the e t m ag person, hook person, phone person C oll M r 
C ollins 224 2o41 fo r o pp! 
J (J w l~ L E W IS *’ * A S S O C IA T E S 
Sales P la ce m e n ! S ervice, 83o N E 
Loop 41o. Suite 2o6 628 9o6/ 

KSATTV is now a cce p tin g a p p lic a tio n s to r a 
S A L E S R E P R E S E N T A T IV E . An e qual o p p o rtu n ity e m p lo y e r M F 
L A N D S A LE S M A N (O ne: 
M ust ne o ver 4o years of age, (M a tu re per s o n ), m u st h a v e a t le a s t 5 y e a rs e xpe rie n ce w o rk in g on site E xce l le n t o p p o r t u n it y 
C a ll 
J im , 
I I 796 3721. a tte r SPM 342 1 586 
M A C H IN E TO O L R E P P E E N T A 
T IV E h e a d q u a rte rin g rn San A nto n ­ io. Bove s a la ry ♦ in c e n tiv e c a r and expenses Send re su m e to PO Box 
47767 D allas, T x. 75247 A ttn 
R ock­ w ell In te rn a tio n a l E qu a l o p p o rtu n ­ ity e m p lo ye r 
_____ __ 

MARKETING REP 
N ot I co seeks in d iv id u a l to se rvice e x is tin g a ccou nts D egree and sole e *p e n e n c e p re fe rre d 
To 
S it AK F e a r-fe xpe n ses 
826-9671 
2446 Ceegee 
LO C K E E M P L O Y M E N T S E R V IC E 

M A T U R E S A LE S P E R S O N to r ladies sp o rts w e a r store 
W ill T ra in a p p ly in p erson lo a m 12 noon 
S LA K N ‘ STUP 
C e n tra l P o rk M o lt L o w e r L e v e l 

S3 PER HOUR PLUS commission to start, calling on OU customers C or necessary Must De neat and clean cut 494 5812 p fc V tV iN T B O i' AND V rg?/' ~ 
S A lfcbrtrtA N W A N T E D 
SALE 
EXP NECESSARY 
ALL rtrtAJOR 
BENEFITS GIVfcN Coll 144 o281 or come lo I?? B W Rhapsody 
_ 
P h o n e s S A L T ‘ 
S everal enthu siastic people needed to Matt phone room for new fitness center Must have pleasant phone voice and be a hard worker Previous experience helpful S tart at $2 JO on hour + com m ission Coit 699 1o3o for ap pointmeni ask tor Mr Dunn______ 
Sates help to r boutique O nly those exp in fashion need apply P otm a n 
O aks, 5139 F re d e ric k s b u rg Rd No phone colls, please_________ 

Equipment Salesman Needed 
S o ie tm o n n e e d e d to R e p re s e n t m c io r line of lig h t In d u s tria l E qu ip m r*ut in T h e S on A n to n io A re a 
V e h ic le fu r n is h e d , g o a d b e n e fit p acxu qi- s a la ry p ius c o m m is s io n 
C o n ta c t L a r r y M u rp h y o r Jam es 
A lfo rd af STSI C a s tro v ille R d, San 
A ntonio, Tx 

Experienced New Used 
A utom obile S A L E S PER SO NS E x ­ ce lle n t pay 
G ood bonus p ro g ra m . 
D em o fu rn is h e d 
C oll 
R ay G u e rra , 922 6111 
H e m p h ill M cC om bs P ard 
F X P r g T W 
F f t 
S A ife s d A la 
N eeded in g ro c e ry fie ld w an local food 
Drofcer 
C o ll 
224-2757 tor a pp ointm e n t 

£ r e a t c h a n c e 
To e xp a n d in to m a n y re a l e s ta te fie ld s w ith p ro g re s s iv e g ro up 
M AC R E A L E S T A T E 828-2521 

HUSPITAL & PHYSICIAN 
SUPPLY SALES 
S T A N LE Y S U P P L Y CO , IN C . h a t I opening tor exp sales re p to co lt on I established a ccou nts in San A ntonio a n d s u rro u n d in g o r ca 
P re v io u s j tra in in g in m e d ic a l fie ld h e lp fu l 
S a la ry + c a ra llo w a n c e + e x p e n te - t+ u u a u t C om pany b en efits in clu d e j h o sp ita l and lite in s u ra n c e and re I fire m e n ! p ro g ra m Call 222 o266 for an a pp l. 
C auoi oppor tun n y e m p loye r 

SALES MANAGER 
L o c a l C o m p a n y w a n N a tio n a l at filia tio n in a unique business D a te sales and tra in in g e xpe rie n ce nelp tu t 
We re s e e k in g so m e o n e w ith d e s ire and e x tra e ffo rt to be sue ce s s tu l A tm a n a c io lly re w a rd o p p o rtu n ity 
P h o n e 349 31 17 o n ly fro m 9 a rn to noon and I to 5 p rn a r r r m a 1 n a 6 1 :lit T o u r e r 
F lo ra l p ro d u c ts , s a la r y O c o m m is 
Mon N o rth side 349 2728 s A t fr s ' p t o K 
T 
" a n "T r n T i v ice o rie nte d people w ith sales perience and b a c k g ro u n d in health p h y s ic a l e d u c a tio n , o r a lu le t 
G ood p h y s ic a l c o n d itio n a nd neat a p p e a ra n c e re q u ire d to wo newest and finest Illn e s s re n te r in the Southwest Colt 699 JOJO tor ap p ointm en! Ask I c M i Dun 

SALES REP. 
D e gree d m e d ic a l e au ip sa lesm an t o r s o u th 
T e x . 
To 
SIJ 5K 4-c om m 4 c o r 6 expen se* 
P E E P A ID C olt Vie Salon 
126 9671 
2446 Ceegee 
LO C KE E M P L O Y M E N T S E R V IC E 
U n iq ue g ro w th o p p o rtu n ity w ith a 
52oo OOO OOO co m pany tor those who q u o litiy , c a r, s a lo ry , a nd c o m m is 
Mon 828 SSO! 

CIVIL ENGINEERING 

Drafts person 

Experienced in Subdivision 

 and 

Municipal work 

 permanent position 

 salary open 
VICKREY & 
ASSOC., INC. 
3 4 9 -3 2 7 1 

AUDIO TECHNICIAN 
SOUNDCOM 
ELECTRONICS 
736-4417 
D R A F T S M A N 
Id yr Girl tu rn Ion. ing fo r a re lia b le , re sp on sib le and e x p e rie n c e d d ra fts m a n to do re s id e n tia l d ra ttin g P e rm a n e n t d o m lio n w ith top w ages. Call 828 1469 tor tab a p p lic a tio n 
K E:LSH C O M P IL E R 
No C a lilo i mo 
E n g r A ir P h o to F ir m 
M in e x p 2 y rs S a lo ry per e x p e r Resum e 
PO 
Box 
52o. 
SePastopol. 
CA 
95472. 
7o7 823 4479 
Port Time Draftsman, established firm seeking residential draftsman to help out nights ond weekends. 
Call 828-1469 tor lob application 

TRAMSMinER OPERATOR 
F u ll p ow er V H T TV Station needs one fu ll tim e tra n s m itte r o p e ra to r 
F ir s t o n o n e a n d r e lia b le tr a n s p o r ta tio n re q u ir e d 
F r in g e b e n e fits Send re s u m e ond s a la ry re q u ire m e n ts to C h ie f E n g in e e r. 
KO N S TV P O BOX 2879 L o re d o 
78o41 
E qu a l o p p o rtu n ity e m p loye r 

TV MAINTENANCE 
F u ll pow er V H F TV Station 
N eeds one fu ll tim e m a in te n a n c e e n g in e e r w ith c o lo r e x p e rie n c e . e fe r o o ty on T K -2 7 's . A m p e x 
12oo s, 
PC 7o s , g r a s s v a lle y s w itc h e r s a n d v a rio u s te r m in a l e q u ip m e n t F ir s t phone re q u ire d 
S g n a V e s u m e a n d s o to ry re a u u e m e n ts to C h ie f E n g in e e r, K O N S 
TV. P O B o* 2829. L ared o, Tx 78o41. 
F q ua ! O p p o rtu n ity em p loye r 

6o5 
RESUMES 

 r T i U b l k i> E " j u f t E r ' 
W R IT T E N RE A S O N A B LV 
699 1oIS 
R E S U M E S E R V IC E for retiring career military or company grade officers 341-8188 

6o6 ADMINISTRATIVE 
FINANCIAL 

AGGRESSIVE INDIVIDUALS 
WHO ARE LOOKING FOR MORE 
THAN A JOB' 

Rapidly expanding (mum* compony bus opening* for ogiesuet Cotati min ded induna mil*, with potential to ad 
Vance to management level 
Must hove pleasing petsonabty. ambition, ability to meet the puttee, high whoa! education oz its equivalent Rapid ad voncement, excellent benefit* lim n­ ing ptomain Apply al the nearest al­ lice 

SOUTHWESTERN 
INVESTMENT 
COMPANY 

38o3 Son M io 
Jay I ingle 
7 3 6 - 1 5 2 ! 

1o1o Southwest Military Mike lowliog 
9 2 4 -4 8 7 1 

 it with growing com 
143 lls.' Til 
, on ground floor with growing cora I 
Puny Call 227 727? tor appt 
-----------------B O O K K E E P E R----------------- 
Excellent opportunity tor a parson expel tented in m aintaining general le d g e r, cash jo u rn a ls p a y r o ll records, and fin a n c ia l statem ent preparation Knowledge ol m rom e taxes helpnul, but not essen tial 
Please send resum es Ona sa la ry requirem ents to Express News Box 
5228 Our em ployees know of this od Applicants w ill be tested 

A 
A 
I 
J 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEW S— Saturday January 8 1977 
P a g e 9 -F 

I E X P R E S S -N E W S B O N U S A U S 
2 lines $ f 
L________T E X A S S IZ E S A V IN G S 
. 
. 
. 
I O D A Y S r n 

NON COMMERCIAL! 
CANCELLABLE 
WITHOUT 
RATE CHANGE 
2 
2 
5 
- I 6 
6 
6 

Q U I C K R E S U L T S ! 

TECHNICAL 
D ® C 
TECHNICAL 
ADMINISTRATIVE- 
RNANCIAl 
ADMINISTRATIVE- 
FINANCIAL 
SECRETARIAL D & C 
SECRETARIAL 
C OFFICE A QERKAL 
OFTKI A CLERK AI 
MEDICAL 

CASH REGISTER TECHNICIAN 

Ability to inspect, adjust, repair, clean and service Anker, N C R, Sw eda and Salestronic registers 

Salary commensurate with experience, 

Excellent com pany benefits. 

 ap p ly in person 
Employment Office 3rd Floor 
Joske’s Downtown 

 equal opportunity e m p lo y e r 

ACCOUNTANT/OFFICE 
MANAGER 

 for San Antonio office of national firm. 
Degree with full charge experience prefer­ red. Salary commensurate with experience 

Call 342-5ooo for appt. 

7 

- — 

ADMINISTRATIVE— 
FINANCIAL 
ADMINISTRATIVE- 
FINANCIAL 

TRUST DEPARTMENT HEAD 
A leading Rio Grande Valley bank is looking for an experionced Trust \ 
Officer to manage and further develop a $25-million Trusti 
Department. This individual should have experience in a large trust! activity. The incumbent will answer directly to the President, will be part of Senior Management of tho bank and will ba responsible far aid areas of the Trust Department including Trust and Estate Ad-' ministration and Business Development. Please submit resume, salary! history and any other pertinent data which will be held strictly con I fidential to: 
EXPRESS-NEWS BOX 7789 
San Antonio, Texas 78297 
An (qui Opportunity Employer M/F 

EXPERIENCED 
COLLECTOR 
Good Salary 
Must Be Bilingual 

Apply in Person 

1o3 E. Commerce 
See Mr. Sanchez 

BELL 
FURNITURE CO. 

Business Ole Supervisor 
A cco un tin g kn o w led ge and su p ervi so ry e xp e rie nce n e c e ssa ry A p p ly in person; St 
B e n e d ic ts H o spital. 
418 M ad iso n 

SECRETARIAL D 
© 

EXPERIENCED 
SECRETARY 

Must be expert typist and 

 transcriptionist, able to use 

 initiative, and maintain 

 records. 
Neat appearance. 

Monday-Friday, 8:3o AM to 

4:3o PM. Send resume to: 

SAN ANTONIO 

CHILDREN S CENTER 

2939 West Woodlawn 

IT S E A S Y TO P L A C E A 
E X P R E S S N E W S 
W A N T A D 221-1644 
MERCHANDISE MART 

■ j 
^ 
| 
2 2 5 - 1 6 6 6 | 

■ g e t t h e r ^ i r s t M 

( 
Ui»(HAItDI ~ » T ) ( t 7 D B 

o QUALITY ITEMS 
o DISCOUNT PRICES 
o LOW CLASSIFIED RATES 

A D D IN G M a c h in e , e le c t r ic $35. 
C heckw riter. P a y m a ste r S5o. P a rty table with 4 ch o irs. >125. 736 1o9o 
A G ood Sofa, $35 5 dc Dinette Set 
SSO. D re sse r w ith M irro r $45, Hide- o Bcd, S7o. 734-o934_________________ 
A IR Conditioner, S75. W a te r Cooler, 
S/5. R o d s, SIO . e ac h , IO W in d o w gu ard s, S185. N o checks. 43S 1285 
A irplanes. R C M odels. Si OOO W orth 
M isc Equip. Cheap. 349-9?!3.______ 
A H M u st G o! B eautifu l D in in g T a ­ b le s , C h o i r s , A n t iq u e 
H u t c h , 
D r e ss e r SJV. C h e st $1?, M a p le To hies 2 for SIS, W hite Tw in B e d roo m set. Too M u c h to Mention. 17o5 W est 
A y e 732-6595.________________________ 
A lm o st new 
Lafayette sid e b a n d C B with C op h ose d a nten n as 655 331o 
A lm o st new w ash e r, g a s d rye r, top of line, excellent. 691 1686 

A n t iq u e S o li d B r o n z e M a i lb o x 
D o o r s , lo c i. 
J a m s , 
W o r k i n g 
C om b ination lo c ks only a few left. 
349 9213 
A N T IQ U E sta in e d g la s s p a n e ls in windows. C oll 349 4636, 341-83o6 
A S IA E U R O P E Cadiz, b low n g la s s 
’a n im a ls, p a in tin gs, g la s s e s m u g s, w ood c a rv in g s, b ra s s. m isc. 
337 8o6o______________________________ 
A ttention 2 M e te r a m a te u r ra d io 
H a v e H eath H W 2o2 tro n sre c ie v e r with c ry sta ls, eve. con d , 
$125. 
923-6524 
A u to m a tic G a s D r y e r , K e n m o re . good condition $5o 661 27o7 ofter 6. 

A v o n D oll C o lle c tio n s, so ld in set only $125 658-8427__________________ 

E D G E R S 8,ooo B T U w indow unit, le ss than I y e a r old HO volt, 4 ye ar w arran ty, 
$195 or best ofter, 
226-7762 
F e d d e rs F u r n a c e $5o G o o d cond 
C en tral a ir con d C o m p re sso r out 
$2o. 342 5252. 
_____ 
_____ 
Fe n d e r Stratoco ster 59. b la ck finish ith M a p le b o a rd with b ar, excel lent condition, with case call atter 6 
534 9326 
F O R S A L E 
C ou ch a n d m a tc h in g lounge c hair, b row n c ru sh e d velvet, 
>15o tor both 341 o563______________ 

B A B Y C R I B n e v e r u se d $53 a n d bassinet, $15. 924-2172_______________ 
B E D B o o k c a s e c o m p le t e . $3 5; 
Students c o rn e r desk, $15; 824 9354. 
B E D . queen su e , su p e rb condition, com plete w ith h e a d b o ard a n d gold satin spread, $75. 684-2931 

FREIGHT SALVAGE 
B ent Steel P ip e 

 ib e rglo ss T u b s & Sh o w e rs 
W ater H e a te rs 
Steel Tubs 
C ost Iron T u b s s L a v o ra to rie s 
M a n y Other Ite m s 

224-o672 

B ed roo m suite 5 Dc. $ISo end table, coffee table $25 eg 653 8719 
Beds, m aple twin size. $95 set Sofa, 
SUO. Love se at, $75. colon ia l chair, 
$55. 2 m aple chair. $55 2 m aple b ar stools, $45. 922 9249. 
B IK E - 1 o Sp e e d . B ik e R a c k , 
Pum p, $75. C oll . 69o-155o. 
T ire 

B la ck and W h ite 17' Zenith portable 
$5o. 684-343o, 735 632o 
19* black w hite portable T V $37 SO. 
19' color portable. $125. 733-o762 
B re a k f a s t tab le . 4 c h a ir s ; g a m e table, 4 c h a ir s ; a ir h o c k e y tobie; la rg e ru g; lik e new m a p le cottee table cost $175 will fake $85, lam bs, tobies, I pr T o n y L a m a la d ie s boots, 
6 ,’B 681 21o5. 
B rid a l gow n, P riscilla, size 7, n eve r w orn, c o n d e lig h t c a lo r C o st $4oo sell at $12$, b rid al veil cost $2oo sell at $*$, 734-6969. 
______ 
’ ;C arat 3-piece W e d d in g B o n d Set 
$275 Rose. 432 4127 
C B R A D IO with a n te n n a $6o Slate 
8' re o P o o l tab le , $375 o r m a k e otter. 533 8 957 or 533 o718 
C hainsaw , w all heaters, ru gs, sink, 
63 C hevy p ic k u p door, 63o A D R IA N 
Chest, b e d ro o m fu rn itu re , dinette, refrigerator, stove, heater, 734-6132 o r 735-7o57. 
C H IL D S B ic y c le G o o d C on d ition , 
$23 653 4713 
_ 

CLOTHES SALE!!! 
All clothes in good condition B o y s sizes 6.7,8,9.14,16,18. G ir ls J r Size s 
7 9 At 415 S. So n Jacinto. Su nd ay, form at y 9, 1o 4 
C o lo r 
B W T V s W a s h e r d r y e r , b ed room suite, end tab le s, nide a b e d ste re o . B a b y O r o n o P la n o sm all a ntique desk, m isc 656 33ll 
C o lo r T v C o n so le , e xce lle n t cond l lion, M S 534-9o59. 
_________ 
C olo r T V 2 5 " C on sole L a ie M o d e l 
G ood C ondition SISO. 973 1761 
C olor T V 2 5 ", e xce llen t con d itio n 
$115 92? 4225 
C O L O R T V 25 
M o o n o v o x . M ed t te rra n e a n style, oil w o o d cab in et 
Beautiful condition 
$2oo 
9 6pm 
222 22o8 
__ 
C O L O R T V . a e r ie d condition, $15o 
349 o82o: 
_____________ 
W o rk s G ood $75 
Color TV . 
19 
>24 97o8 
C ram MWO se r v ic e r > A M F M stereo re c o v e r 2o w afts R M S per channel tw o w ay 8 " sp e a k e rs, w o o d a ra in cabinet su p e r scope casse tte deck with d o ib v 
M u st sell, still u n d e r w a rran ty w hole syste m only $275 ar hest pH,,- 

D E S K A ll steel c o n stru c tio n , top le o su re s 
SI 35 8268721 

DESKS! DESKS! DESKS! 
O a k . w a ln u t . M e ta l. E x e c u t iv e 
Secretary, Student - la ra e selection 
$69 5o a n d up 
I I J I B a s s e R d 
733 /367, 733 9482, 734 3o81 
Destitute F a m ily Of 4 ch ild re n nt-ed a D r e s s e r . W o u ld L ik e T V Se t 
S or Ina 
M attre ss. 
P le a se 
COH 
532 514o 
Dictaphone 61o A n sw e rin g M o t tun old $125 688 3/oo 
Dinette set. 3 tier y a rd fountain, dog h o u se s. S in g e r s e w in g m a c h in e 
C ash only 658 8523._____________ 
D inin g Set. C hin o C ab inet B e d ' oom 
Set. C ouch. C h a ir, G old R e trig c ru tor 
S p a n is h D ine tte . M a p le Te 
C arl, E n d tables. C olo r TV , Che i i ! S ill. 
J 
5 innett C o u c h B e d ro o m Set C otter 
E n d T a b les, Stove, Rec liner, C hit fzrobt B oo kcase. 333 6958 
D ish w a sh e r, G E . a v o c a d o . 5 cycle goad cond SI 45. 225-357?_______ 
D o g houses. G e rm a n Sh ep h erd size 
MS d elive red 435 2343 
D R Y E R . $45, D in e t te Se t, $2o radio. pike. tire, wheel 656 7115 
D u n c a n P h y te C h in a C opm et with 
M atc h in g Buffett $45o, O ne T a pp a n 
C g s R a n g e new 36" W hite. $125. O n e 
S e a r s P o r t a b le D is h w a s h e r . $75 
One 45 P isto l with H olster. S H S, O ne 
M in k stole Silver. $2oo A ll rn G ood 
Condition. 344-3188 
E le ctric a d d in g m ach in e. P o la ro id am tm ra d io 
C am e ra. 
736 6184 
____________ 
E S T A T E L IQ U ID A T IO N S A L E 
CouiaJete H a m m F u rn is h in g s. E th on Allen find F iig id o ire A p plian ce h ie new 
74o2 
C astle 
C row n e h, 6542 

F R E E Z E R U P R IG H T U S 
534 6713 

FREIGHT 
SALVAGE 
Bent Steel Pipe 
F ib e rg la ss Tuljs A 
Sh o w e rs 
W a te r H e aters 
Steel Tubs 
C ast Iron Tubs 
Sinks L a v ato rie s 
M a n y O th e r Item s 
2 2 4 - o 6 7 2 

M a r a n tz 223o R e c ie v e r, G a r r a r d 
Z e ro IOO, T w o F is h e r S p e a k e r s . 
A fter 5; 681-3215 

M A R T I N G U I T A R S 
28 and oo28C. A L S O stro n g safe. 
824-131o 
M a t c h i n g b e d r o o m c h e s t w ith n ic k K n o c k sh e lf, 3 d r a w e r s ; g h tsta n d to m o tc h , 2 d r a w e r s . 
$15o 695-3233. 
M a tc h in g sofa and chair, excellent o n d 
C o m p le t e IO a n d JO G a l. a a u a rlu m s 
349-7797 atter 
5 o nd w eekends 
M o y t a g w a s h e r a n d e le c d r y e r 
$125 349 o84o etore 12 oft 6_________ 
M E A T M A R K E T E Q U I P M E N T . 
434-1266 Otter S P M 223-7712. 

M O D E R N C h o ir , $35, 2 m o d e r n ohler S o to 's. $125, 22 ft U p rig h t freezer, $1oo, 21 In la w n b o v w ith attacher, $5o, L e o s sw eeper, $3o. 
826 5o17 

M O V I N G S A L E ' H o u s e h o ld f u r ­ n ish in g s, clothes, gre e n w a re , town item s, record s, bikes. 524 W heaton 
R d 
M O V IN G S A L E I T h u rs Su n G lo ss w a re , b oo ks, kitch e n u te n sils, a p olionces, d rap es, b ed room set. din ette set C A S H 656 1461 

F u rn itu re -A p p lia n ce s-Je w e lry 
A ll A p p lic a t io n s a p p r o v e d w ith re q u ire d d o w n p ay m e n t. C a ll Im p eriol Fu rn . 222-2227 416 B ra d y 
Fu rn iture , doghouse, etc. M O V IN G a n d m ust sell. 684-6544 
Fu rn itu re Sole, used M e d ite rra n e a n w ith lo n g lig h t g r e e n a n a g o ld 
J e r k e d s o lo a n d g o ld s o lo a n d hair. C h in a cabinet. A n tiq u e W a 
■ I b e rry c a le n d e r c lo c k 
A n tiq u e ra n d m o th e r clock R e frig e ra t o r eezer 315 H ortline 
G A R A G E 
S A L E 
2ooo 
N e w 
D e c o ra tiv e C a n d le s $1 25 o n d up 
M a n y O ther Item s. 637 W eatherly, 
W in d c re st . 9 a m to 5D m S o t o n d 
Su n a o y 8-9 Jon 77 
____ 
G A R A G E S A L E 
T u b e T e s t e r , u r n ity re . D is h e s . C lo th e s, p lu s o d d s a n d e n d s, etc 
C h e a p 
5523 
G leason oft 4 ;I25 Sale thru 19 77 

G A R A G E S A L E 
F u r n it u r e P lu s lots ot good lunk 
Tues Sot. 133 E 
M u lb e rry in M onte V ista 

G A R A G E S A L E . "S a t a n a S u n lO om to m . O r g a n , f u rn itu r e o n d m ise eh on e ou s 
1o514 
P alm d ale 
696 3635 
C o ra g e Sole Sa tu rd ay a n a Su nd o v 
O d d s ond e nd s 
9 5. 
1743 
W 
H u lsoch e 
G A R A G E S A L E 
Fu rn iture , lots of e ir y q n d m o n y o th e r ite m s 
T h u rs Tues 
9 6 P M 
7417 
L e a d in g 
P ox s 
G a r a g e So le , fu rn itu re , c lo th in g m iscellaneous. 823 M arq uette, Sat. I to 5 434 8686 
G A R A G E S A L E 
C lo t h in g , C B r a d io . m i s c e l la n e o u s . 
34o6 
H pee rest a tte r 9 A M 361-425o. 

G A R A G E S A L E 
W ay Sot 
Sun 
9 8 15 E v e n in g 

G A R A G E S A L E 
W e d n e sd a y Jan 
I? , M o s t ly C lo t h e s, S o m e T o y s 
M isc. 2636 B ro o k h u rst. lf R a in in g 
N o S a t e 
. 
________________ 
G IB S O N , E S 335 T D 12 Strin g Elec 
L o tt 6o s S u n b u rst E x c e lle n t 
Condition 
With 
Cave 
Atter 
6 
S U 9326 
________________________ 
G R A N D F A T H E R C L O C K tor sole b v o w n e r 
D u n c a n 
P h y t e m a h o g a n y , te m p ts f u g it w o r k s 
W estm inister ch im e s 
148o firm 
P E 3-12o9_____________ _______________ 
$' b r a n d P iano, 1892 E m e rso n Just tu n e d , se e to a p p r e c ia t e 
N e w 
B raunfels, I 625 8845________________ 
G R U N O IG ra d io with cabinet, ex client condition, $5oo. 2o v e e rs old 
6/4 6332 
H a ir d ryer, G E F a sh io n M ist $1! 
344 5746 otter 4P,M_________________ 
H ID E A B E D . Q ue en size . S p o o ls 
D e sign . M a t c h in g u p h o lste ry en tobies with genuine slate taps SJW a lso 2 Hants included 696 7519 
H o o k e r H e a d e r s 
F it s 69 77 4 W D 
C h e w or O M C $65. R a d io control 
C rgtt I channel, $1oo 822 35o6 
It a lia n P r o v i n c ia l T a b le a n d c h a irs HOO R C A C on sole TV , need re p a irs $35 
824 /694 atter 5 3o or w eekends 
_______________ 
J u k e B o x e s n e w e r a n d O ld e models, after 4 344 7444 
3 K eo N ord ic b e e r cooler. 2 m onth 
Old. $7oo. 349 3671 
B E DI 
C o m p le t e to 
Style H e a d b o a rd $1oo 
K IN G S I Z E 
Sole, Sp a nisi 
924-o496. 
K IN G S I Z E tied! n e v e r use d, st p ackaged, e xtro firm (W orth $18o) com plete $178. Inclu d es 2o yr o ua r antee a nd delivery. U su a lly hom e 
684 8234 
9 'K I R B Y V A C C U M S w ith a tta c h m e nts, n e w in b o x, 1977 m o d e 
R e gu la r $379 95 Sa crific e for $23o d elivered. L o st aeoi on o p ts C a ll 
Austin, S IJ 46i 7?8q, 
K R O L E H E R Traditional cou th and ih a ir , re u p h o lste re d a n a ge n u in e w a sh a b le n a u g a h y d e , a q u o b lu e 
$1oo 655 o U 2 
L a d y K e n m o r e w a s h e r d r y e portable. O rigin a l w a rran ty. E v e s 
34 2 oI8Q 
L a r g e lir e e x tin g u is h e r $15. H o r vest G old P o rt W a sh e r a nd D ry e r set $12o E xce lle n t cond 824-1173 
L A W B O O K S 
Com plete set of T e x a s D ige st a n d 
V e rn on s A n notated C iv il Statutes 
C u rre n t S u p p le m e n ts a n d in ex cond 824 431o 
L a w n m ow ers," self p rop elle d . 14o 
Rotary. MO, 337 36o5 
L e n s e s N e w ,'i i ® m m ’^ t T S m m 
Ona 35 m m $2oo tor oil 673 M IO 

SO Lik e N e w 4‘x8 , T o b ie s Suitable 
Fle om q rxe t D isp la y $.3o eg 347 6U42 
M ahout!ny C hu io C abinet $9o, 7 pc 
Dinette $8o oft 5:3o 684 13o2 
2*4 M a m iv a C -33 w ith J le n s an u ic e sso rte s 681 1o72. 

M IC R O P H O N E S A K G 2 o 2ooE. $45 e ach, D I6 o E , $35. D lOOOE, U 5 | 
G oad for re c o rd in g 69<Fo28J 
I 

S A U N A 7 'x i r • C om p lete 92S-2S77 
Betw een 8-4: 3o 
S C U B A e q u ip m e n t (2 se ts) 
A ls o autom atic iron tilter I 772 3967 
S e a rs D o u ble M a ttre s s 545 M otor 
Ola B W T V W alnut, perfect C o n d i­ tion. $7o. B a b y Item, $1o Lin oleu m 
Dinette. 828-8829 
I N G L E 
B E D C o m p le t e , $5o 
L a m p s Tables O d d s and 
End s. 
822 3148 

S O F A a nd loveseat, gre e n a nd gold. 
V e ry nice 525o 696 3117 
_______ 
Sofa and M a tc h in g C h a ir, M u st Sell after 5 coll 5.34 7512. 
Sofa, c h a irs, sp a n ish table hutch, twin bed, h igh chair, chest 681-3859 
S O F A , D u n ca n Phyte, w ine antique velvet. 516o 824 8831 
Stove, electric. 2 o ven s, griddle. 55o. 
U nd e rw ood typ ew riter 525. 494-2o27 

IO m onth alo G E refrigerator, exc. ond 17 6 CU. 699 o727. 5325 

Su p e r scope cassette deck, So n y c a r cassette p lover, 2S p o p u la r cassette tapes, pkg. deal m u st sell o nly SISO, 
226-7762. 
T E A C 4o1o G S L ree l to re e l tape deck. C all: 735-7248. 
T r a d e P r o p e r t y at C a n n o n L a k e 
Sh o re s for '■? Ton P ic k-u p I 779-4o11 
T V a n d S T E R E O S e r v ic e E a u ip ment, 
S A M S 
P H O T O F A C T S . 
653 35o6 

M O V IN G S A L E ' Stove. R e frlg e ra tor, Dinette Set. M isc. 648 3554. 

T V 'S 525 o nd 35, w o rk in g a n d bot teries $8 each, call atter 3, 648 34*o 

M U S T S E L L 
Dinette. 2 end tables, eterge, love seat All under I ye ar 
Old 342 1o89 ofter 6. 

Tw in beds, hide-a-bed, sofa bed. 
223 5632._____________ 

N atu ral L o n g h air M in k C ap e Cost 
1o5o in 1975. w o r n t w ic e 565o set o245 Otter 6 p rn 
N o re lc o R a z o r 512, C o rn in g W a re 
Coffee P ot L ik e N e w $7, E le c tric 
C o n O p e n e r $6, C o rd O r o g a n . N o 
Stand 56 655-1865 
N O R G E W o sh e r, 53o 
341 456o 
O D D S N E N D S H a v e o rd e rs, m ust sell. 673 POSO 
H 

OFFICE CHAIRS ecutive, Se c re ta ry . O c c a sio n a l 
U p h o ls t e r e d , v in y l o n d g e n u in e le a th e r 
A ll b e a u t ifu l 
O v e r 2oo n a irs to choose from P ric e d from 
58.5o a n d up. I I J I B a s s e R d 
733 7367. 734 JOSI. 
O L V I V E T T I P r in t in g c a lc u la to r 
C ustom m ade 
Rod, G u n cabinet 
653o528______________ 
_______ 
O ne Slid in g D o o r O ra n g e a nd G old 
C asem e n t D ra p e rie s, 86 x 148" $6o 
P in k Plise e C u sto m M o d e S w a g o nd 
D ra p e rie s 86x1o1 
51oo 492 2531 
O rga n , L o w e ry Su p e r G enie, excel lent cond 653 8158 otter 6 P M 
P A System , u nd e r w a rra n ty, 
534 9883 att 5 a n a w eekends 
$75o 

P e t r i 7 S 3 5 m m C o u p le d R a n g e 
F in d e r C a m e r a w ith a c c e s s o r ie s o n d t r ip o d . R e b u ilt , e x c e lle n t b e gin n e rs c a m e ra s, $85, 226-776? 
P H O N E M A T E . E x e c u tiv e D e lu x e 
SH O Coll 655 76o4 
P ia n o tor 
435 o916. 
Sale, R e ason able. C all 

P in b all M a c h in e excellent condition 
125o 333 49o4 after 3 JO 
P I O N E E R O X 949. Q u a d re c e iv e r 
Altec 846 B sn e ak e rs, 494-8581 
Police sc a n n e r tennelec M C O ! diol tai scann er c a n sc a n up to 16 cha n n e ts n o c r y s t a l s , p r o g r a m a n y fr e q u e n c y 
A ll p o lic e b o n s h a v e d ig ita l re a d o u t of fre q u e n t b e in g received . H a s se a rc h c a p o b ilitie tor u nknow n freq u en cy still in w a r o nly $295 cash, 734 571 1 

P O O T T A B L E 
C u s t o m ' m a d e regulation size O e im o B iH a ra C o 
Perfect cond , 
135o. 
736 1544 or 
344 9845 
Pool Table with a cc e ssa rie s, co ver a na light $ >■ * s * ■ bg/ 
M 

P O R C H S A L E 
L in e n s , * 5 T s h ^ [ 
IM isc 1o7 W o o d w ard 224 o265 
P r o g r a m m a b le c a lc u la to r (2 m o 
Old). TI S R 56 C oll 828 o8oo 
Q u e e n siz e b e d ro o m set. 2 n ig h t sta nd s triple d re sse r o nd m irro r oood condition Couch, loveseat a nd corner table 654 1363 
3o' Range, go s. v e ry good cond $5o 
674 19o6 
R C A 25 
C olor TV. P e rfe ct C on d lion $175 W e stin g h o u se B la c k a nd 
White TV o nd R e co rd P la y e r C om bination, 
$7$ 
G ood 
Condition 
974-o296 
R o d Velour loveseat with m o tc m ln g cha ir a n d to b ie s E x c e r c is e b ike 
K in gsize bed 149 5333,696 7719 

R e f r ig e r a t o r Se rva l G o s Ideal tor 
Cabin, HOO. B ic ycle G irls 26 
$2o 
492 2414 
R e t - ? r e e le r T i7 W h ir lp o o l F o r st 
Fre e $85 K e n m o re 8oo W o sh e r G a s 
D ry e r HOO both ail good condition 
F o rb e rw a rc O p e n H e a rth B ro ile r 
L ike new $2o. 828 8658 
R e frige rato r, G ood W o rk in g C ond lion R e ason a b le 433-4o29 
R e f r ig e r a t o r , a u t o m a t ic w o s h e a n d fre e ze r 
A ll w o r k in g perte 
R e ason a b le 226 1959__________ 
R e f r ig e r a t o r L a t e m o d e l 2 d o o r 
R e ason able 534 671 
R e frig e ra to r, 1/ c u ti. go o d c on d l 

R E F R I G E R A T O R c a b in e t. W go o ns 62. 

 table, lo th in g , a n d he 
2 P ik e V olle y 62 

 p atter u se h o ld 

R E F R I G E R A T O R G O O D C O N D 
$75 t o s h 
S to v e g o o d c o n d 
W ash er like new. $125. 623 579] 
A nytim e 
5 R e frige rato r, iron ,utK» good cnnqihpn, 537 93/?. i cote 

I R e g B l V o n Seats. $2$ co 4 14 
R o ily rim s, $25 eu 
2 F 78 14 slo e rad ial tires, $2o eo C R A IG Q u a d track, $5o 921 6415 
'7 4 R e m in g t o n 179, m o d e l 79 oB 
W e a v e r V I I sc o p e . p a d . t ip s sit ape. case. sh e lls L ik e new $17$ 
349 7771 d o r s . 7319373 n ights 

R e m od e ling L e e d s Debt Store - to an a light sa le : la v a to r ie s , flo o r! fixtures 345 W C om m er 
R o U e ifle x F 2 8 T e s s a r 126 sin g lens reties case, book , $123 673 841o 
So ie m an Sa m p le Sole, E ve V yth i at F a c to ry C ost L in g e rie , Sp o rt wear, B e d sp re a d s, pillows, sp o rtin g goods, towels, other a sso rte d item 
Turtle C ree k Apl, P a rty R o o m 861 
F a ir H o ve n F rl I 5, Sot 9 5. Su n I 
S A M P L E S A L E 
M e n 's B u y s bio le a n s s h i r t s , a n a s o o r t s w i 
Knofchill a p is le a sin g attice. 
C allaghan. 9 to 5, Su n d a y 

Se w ing m a ch in e like new K e n m | z ig z a g stre tc h b u tto n h o le r 
M o i t a r r y in g (.use 734 6969 

U N IT E D F R E I G H T S A L E S 
N o I 
.................... 1o4 E, L A M A R 
N o I 
... 
1o41o P E R R I N B E I T E L 
Fin e F u rn itu re - F ra c tio n of retail 
U p rig h t P ia n o . $6oo o r b est offer 
Coll Otter 4 69o 996o________________ 
S E D C A R P E T a p p r o x 
12x15 a verage, $2o each, w hile they lost 
633 26oo 
_________ 
U S E D R E F R I G E R A T O R S 
C E N T R A L S E R V IC E C O 
7o7 W E S T A V E , 734-4237 
W a ln u t b e d ro o m set, d ou b le Head b o a r d , t r ip le d r e s s e r . 4 d r a w e r hest. 2 n ile sta n d s, In e x ce lle n t condition. $175. K e n m o re g a s d ry e r 
$25. 822 746o 
W alnut double d re sse r, m irro r a nd m atchin g chest H75. 653 5 6 8 8 1 
W A L N U T 4 p o ste r tw in b e d s (2) 
HOO; c e d ar chest $35. m a rb le top w o s h sto o d $65; m a rb le top e nd table $35 698 2246 
W A N T E D 
D u n c a n P h y t e L o m p 
Table Reasonable, C oll .144-4471 
W A N T E D : G c d e n Tiller Reasoner b lf 654 o231 
W onted, M a h o g a n y D ro p Leaf D in n o R o o m Set 
M u s t be in G o o d 
C ond 635 8812 
____ 
______ 
W A N T E O : R o lie ld e x 
681 1o72 
T w in L e n s 

W o r d s L a w n S w e e p e r tor r id in g m ow e r or h an d p u sh $75. C u lllgo n 
W ater Softener $2o M a g n a vox 12 color Tv $65 342 5252, 
W A S H E R , K e n m o re A u tom atic, in good condition, $55. E le ctric D ry e r 
$65 433 452o 
W A S H IN G M A C H I N E , K en m ore . cycle oood condition $53. 656-1629 
W a te r B e d , $15o C o n t e m p o r a r y loveseot ond sofa, 13oo. 656 8962 
W E S T I N G H O U S E model. 
924 o796 

C o lo r reconditioned t a b le 
115o, 

W H E E L C H A IR , perfect cond. $65 
735 8587 
W hite F r e n c h P r o v in ic a l C a n o p y 
B ed room Suite, C all 34? o919 
W hite G old D ia m o n d B ra c e le t 3 78 c a io ts 12 Beautiful D ia m o n d CIU te rs A p p ra is e d V a lu e $22oo. M u st rih ce $8oo F irm . C all A n ytim e 
653 25o9. 
______ 
W H IT E N Y L O N S H A G C A R P E T end P o d 15ft /In B y l?tt, Im C A L L 
>28 2913 
Y a sh ic a electro X . V iv lta r 135 n im lens. 2 C S 9 9 A s p e a k e r s o n d 3o 3o with scope. 655-27o4, 

733 • MERCHANDISE WANTED 

X r T E N r T o h ^ A U S Ic T T N S 'L o S m i g tor F id d le r o r Steel p la y e r tor e st ta b h sh e d C o n d W B a n d S e r io u s inq u irie s o nly coll L in d a 684 216Sor| 
684 8225 for appt b u y in g late m o d e l r e f r ig e r a t o r s free ze rs needing rep o ir M I 1845 

CAMERA EXCHANGE 
Buy, Sell, Trode. R e p a ir 
$122 S A N P E D R O 
878 2117 
C A S H tor yo u r U se d P ia n o 
774-7111 or 224-11o2 
D IA M O N D S 
W illiam s, 227-87o2. ISO E Houston 
I b u y w a s h e r s n e e d in g r e p a ir 
K en m ore , W hirlpool. G F 533 o767 

TU BUY ANYTHING 
T H A T D O E S N T E A T ! ! ! 
C A L L J IM L IS T E R ill-H O O o r 631 o>4o 
• J O E P A Y S C A S H * 
F o r u sed fu rn itu re and w o rk in g ap- pl lances 923 894? 927 4o45 
W A N T E O 
C o lo r T V 's n e e d m repair C oll 97? 435?. 
W A N T E D " E le ctro lu x V a c u u m with pow er nozzle 735 7517 
W A N T E D U N U S U A L A rts. C ro fts and Antiques. C all us o r com e bv 
7o1 Ja c kso n K elle r 824 3829 

W e b u y F u rn itu re , A p p lia n ce s 
E sta te s A n tiq u e s G la ss w a re etc 
BEST PRICES PAID 

532-6641 
4$) 3714 anytim e, 451-4414 e ves 
J O H N A R O W L A N D B A R N E S 
Lice n se d o nd B on d ed B u y e r s 
W e p a y c a s h 
P er G ood U se d F u rn itu re 
FAWCETT FURNITURE 
414 D o lo ro so 
227-4111 

We Pay More Cast! 
F o r I not G oo d P ia n o 
That you o re not u sin g P le a se coli 
M r L eo n at 111 et It 

WE PAY MORE 
F u rn it u re , A p p lia n c e s, A n tiq u e s 
E sta te s. A n y t h in g of V a lu e ..fro m o n * piece to h ouseful C an 
147 47$$ A n ytim e 
Est. 1949 

SECRETARY 

Swearingen Aviation has an immediate requirement for a highly skilled Secretary for the product support dept. Duties re­ quire excellent typing and shorthand, the ability to organize the administrative de­ tails of the dept, plus the ability to com ­ municate effectively. Bilingual ability pre­ ferred. The position provides stable em­ ployment, good starting salary and excel­ lent fringe benefits. Interested applicants should apply in person, Personnel Office, 
Swearingen Aviation, International Air­ port, San Antonio, Tx. (come East on Bit­ ters Road past Blossom Athletic Center, turn right at N E entrance road to Sw ear­ ingen.) 

SWEARINGEN 

A \ . 't A r r e s t C d H 
P O 
H d r ic Thy 

A Subsidiary of Fairchild Industries 

Equal O p p o rtu n ity E m p lo ye r 

THE CITY OF 
SAN ANTONIO 

H o i opening for: 
Department Head 
Secretary 
Salary $8o79 year 

High School graduate, plus 3 years stenographic experience. 
Type 6 o wpm * 
Shorthand 8 o wpm 
A pply Personnel 
Department 
7 :4 5 to 4 :3 o p.m. 
M onday-Friday 
M ain Plaza Bldg. 
I I 4 W est Commerce 

(directly across from city hall) e q u a l o p p ro tu n ity e m p lo y e r 

TITH COMPANY 

SECRETARY 

Terrific potential 

 for advancement. 

Title, mortgage loan, 

 or legal background. 

Fringes, 5-day. 

Mrs. Biesenbach, 

2 2 7 - o 2 3 1 . 

Bookkeeper/ 
Cashier 

Typing ond knowledge of 

 bookkeeping helpful. 

Hrs. 8:oo A.M. to 
5:oo P.M. Mon.-Fri. 

Apply in Person 

Personnel Office 
Ave. E and 3rd 

9:oo A.M .-ll:oo A.M. or 
1:oo P.M.-4:oo P.M. 

An Equal Opportunity Employer 

BANK NEEDS 
CLERK TYPIST 

Minimum 2 years general office experience. 

Typing Minimum of 6o WPM 

Please Call 
FIRST NATIONAL BANK 
For Appointment 
734 -81 7 1 

An Equal Opportunity Employer 

ACCOUNTS RECEIVABLE 
BOOKKEEPER i 
Local service com pany needs an AR Bookkeeper. , 
Applicants must type 4 o W P M , use 
1o-key by touch, and have a stable employment record. 
Bilingual a plus. Starting salary $ 5 6 3 monthly,! going to $ 6 9 2 after 9 o days. Top fringe benefits) including paid sick leave, paid vacation,, hospitalization, life insurance, free parking, etc. 
Call Richard Clark 
Mon.-Fri. 9am -5pm 224-4651 

•qual Opportunity om ployor 

R E C E P T I O N I S T 
Super ole, perfect (ob. 15oo 4- 
D R P E R S O N N E L 
Oak H ills M u d lr a I B td a 
69o 991o 
M edico* Ociitol E m o lo v m e n t Sp ry 

RN IVN 
A L L S H IF T S 
Al! F rin g e Benefits 
Golden M an o r_______________736 4544 
R N s amt L V N * (non sm o k e rs blea s c lo p p iv 9 I H illsid e M a n o r 831o 
P ou lt L o n e 828 o6o6_________________ 
S a n A n t o n io 
H e a lt h S e r v i c e s 
P lacem ent*, inc., 84 N E Loo p 4(o, 
Suite I H E , 349-4113 

614 M H U TRADES 

MECHANICS lf you or* an experienced mechanic and want to make money we have a position for you 
W e ore on authorized 
VW & Subaru new cor dealer with plenty of service business. We offer a good in centive pay plan, a profit sharing retirement pion, ond mony other fringe benefits. 
See Bob Osborne, North Loop 
VW, Inc., 4623 Fredericksburg 
Rd, 
San 
Antonio, 
Texas 
782o1. Phone 732 7121. 

WHOLESALE 
DISTRIBUTOR 

 tithing tackle guns, ammo, and so forth newts a person to do rlerKol work learn to do oval the (ounter selling Prior experience necessary in clerical work 

Tor appointment 

Call Cill* Spenrath 

THE PERRY 
SHANKLE COMPANY 
223-18o1, fx». 477 

N e e d c o m p e te n t s e c r e t a r y p a n tim e E xce llen t typ in g ond sborth a n d s k ills re q u ir e d C o n ta c t J o e 
B u rge or M ik e G arre tt 226-9343 

61o OFFICE I CLERICAL 

 r n 
B W I" T Y F I s I w m ( la in legal w ork, dow n town 223 9933 
B O A R D O P E R A T O R n e e d e d tor relief shift tor b u r g la r o la rm com b o n y M in im u m sa la ry . A p p ly 8o7 
D a lla s between lo a m 4pm 

 e X P R E S f k - N E W i 
W A N T A O 226-166* 

BOOKKEEPER 
A ccoun ts receivable, payroll, m ust typ e E x p e r ie n c e d o n ly 
C o ll for appt 655 172o K U E S T C O R P 1o9o9 
IH35 N orth 

CASHIER needed im m ediately m ust type a nd use calcu lator, be bondable, prefer som e on e with c a r 
M o n y benefits, s a l a r y o p e n . A p p ly M o r t g a g e 
B a n k e rs C o rp 622 P etrole um C om m e r c e B ld g 
2o1 N St M a r y s , 
8 JO Spm 225 2858 M r D a w k in s 
C L E R K - R E C E h r t O N IS T M i l I e tost. a c c u ra te typ ist a nd go o d at m e etin g people M a t u r it y a nd ex p e rie n c e e sse n tia l S e llin g e xp e r ience helpful, but not req u ire d Send re su m e to 71o1 Son P edto, 78216 

SECRETARY/ 
RECEPTIONIST 

Schneider, 
Berne!, 
.. 
Hickm an, members of 
N Y S E , has position tor qualified secretory /recap fionist. G o o d typing neces­ sary. Cot) Linda at 

3 4 1 - 6 6 o 1 

 lf Interested 

GENERAL OFFICE 
Basic b ookkeep ing vftOO tee reim b ursed 
8 2 6 9671 
2 4 4 6 C e e g e * 
L O C K E E M P L O Y M E N T S E R V IC E 
G e n e ra l O ffice , p a y ro ll, g e n e r a l le d ge r, b o o k k e e p in g , ly p in g a n a go vei am ent fo rm s M u st havt w ork e x p e rie n c e B ro a d w a y n e a r L o o p 
JIO location 824 74/1 tor interview appt 

RATE CLERK in s u r a n c e c o m p a n y n e e d s ro te c le rk w ith a m in im u m of 2 y r s h e a v y c a s u a lt y e x p 
C o ll M r s 
J u n o m o nn 736 ? j i i 
Reliable Adult 
To A ssist night auditor 
W ill train G unter Hotel a 11o til*- 
Re lia b le e m ployee , lim n e d e xp e r ience, so m e b o o k k e e p in g S a la r y open N orThtldq >49^2728 
Se cre ta ry In su ra n c e A ge n c y, type 
SS W P M . ability to deal with public p re viou s exp helpful but not nee es sp ry 494 1574 
Te m p o rary f’u IV lim e E m p lo y m e n t r e b 1st M a y Is l tor local C P A firm , typ in g a nd relate d c le rica l d a lle s required 878 9o91 
W o o le d se c re t a r y G e n e ra T o il w o rk, a p p ly of S i P a u l I. o th e r a 
Church. 2.1o? S P re s a SJ2 7341 

612 MEDICAL 

CREDIT POSITION 
L e a d in g c o m p a n y n e e d s e x p e r tenced p ho n e c olle cto r w ith go o d telephone voice S a la ry p iu s m onth 
Iv b o n u s P e rm a n e n t position with advancem e n t C all 347 4196 
D u f iW i l l p e r s o n n e l - V e r v T c T 
8oo N W L o o p 41o, 444 O R M South, 
349-1744 
E co n-O R e so u rc e s Infernal! 
C a re e r C on sulta n ts 499 tots 
4o28 G ard e n d ale 
Suite 1o7 
E X P E R I E N C E D 
A C C O U N T IN G 
C L E R K 
M U S T B E A V A I L A B L E I M M E D I A ­ 
T E L Y G ood know ledge at oil p a y r 
•ll fu nctio ns ond b asic a cc o u n tin g d u tie s. O o o d p h o n e v o ic e . M u s t h a v e o w n t r a n s p o r t a t io n O ffic e located on N E side 451 4331 
E x p e rie n c e d a cc u ra te k e y p u n c h 
D n yshift M r s R e yn o ld s 736 2871 

 l i g h t b o o k k e e p i n g a n d 
C L E R I C A L P O S I T I O N 
T y p e SO 
W P M 
5 D a y W e e k 
N o r t n s i d c 
Location S47$$525 828 5551 

SANI A ROSA 
MEDICAL CENTER 

REGISTERED X RAY 
TECHNICIANS (7-3) 

ULTRASOUND 
TECHNICIANS excellent working conditions and hinge benefits 

Apply Personnel Office, 

S I9 W « t Houston St. 
2 2 8 - 2 3 4 3 

Equal Opportunity Employer 

IVN 3-11 
A p ply in p erson l l s le w is 
L W 
H ’ O u i H IN S ? , . , , t enfe 
73o2 Ook M o n o r D r. 344 8537 

M E D IC A L T R A N S C R I B E R 
Exp e rie n c e d only 141-7381 

Gant Shirtmaker* 

 n u e e ls 

S i n g l e O r D o u b t * 

N o e d l * S a w i n g 
M othier* 
OPERATORS 
Exporl*nc*<f O n ly 

Good storting sn lory 3 weeks pend vocation, paid Medical ond Ut* In suionce, tree packing 

A p p l y I n P e r s o n O n l y 
ISSA (anteed) Drive equal opportunity employee M I 

S w x n N R 9 R * H P 9 * M P « H ^ . 

 i 
ESTIMATOR for general contractor 
Minimum I yours ostemoting, ox pod ding and tbop drawing experience required 
Diversified typos of con­ struction work Ex ret Ion I op­ portunity Sand re sumo to: 
MARCAL, INC. 
PO Box 41o6 
Bryan, T*va« 778o1 
No phone call* pioasot 

 hu< knot? anti o r b la d e o p e ra to r. 
A pply only lf ewper tented 6S6 U A ? r b o r i h o p M a n a g e r S t y l is t , licensed G u a ran te e M u st h ave fat low ing 73? I I M til s JO, 342 o3o4 ta rn a l 
B a r b e r S t y lis t, m o le 
A la m o H e ights 826 9225 

 iB a u m u n n A u to ffepoir, Inc 
N eeds I M aste r T u n e u p M ech an ic 
N eeds lo be proficient in tune u p*. oil e le c tric a l r e p a ir s a b d w ir in g 
SO",, c o m m issio n paid vo ca tio n am t sick pay, in su ra n c e benefits, w in k m on s com p , 5 d a y week H i ! C in em boli, 735 3321 or 684 3925 f e nlrai henting a nd n u cond itioning in sta lle r 
A o o o a s m a ll c o m p a n y w here you will be a pp rerlolert The 
R o y Sn ip e s C o 223 o296 
Construction Superintendent n e e d e d tor lite c o m m e r c ia l c o n s t r u c t io n 
M u s t b e w i ll in g lo relocate C oll 
J a m e s H o ra k , B o b 
Hill, Al A h lg re n at 713 681 7o4o 

•T T w r n m f T i f t n c t J G m r e r - 
A N D F O R S M A N 
Send resu m e to P O B o * .19174, San 
Antonio, Tx 78? 18 
(. w a n ! ” !!*i ’Tz a V ftp id- JTTirn 
N orthw est 
I H D ro te s f Slier ience a n d r e f e r e n c e s r e q u ir e d 
P h o n e 
J ?? o6o6 W e in • an equal oppor ton tty em ployer 
________ 

DIESEL SEMI DRIVERS 
E a r n h igh p ay ru n n in g W e stern a nd 
M id w e ste rn sla te s L o n o irre g u la r routes, 2 m o n team s, h a u lin g food stuffs R e q u ire s I ye ar e xperience a nd good rer Ord C a n n e l 4154 t b ; j f f ? t 4 A N i r ^ m tools. A p p ly in p e r s o n 
JAO N e w 
L a re d o H ig h w a y___________________ 
E x p e r ie n c e d S e r v ic e n a t io n kAe 
(ho m e , m ust h a v e awn h an d tools a nd able to d u a lly tor motor vehicle stole inspector 55o2 B la nco R d 
E x p e r ie n c e b o d y m o n . A p p ly In p e rso n A ss o c ia te d B o d y A P oin t, 
24)o F re e d o m D r 878 A2S8 

YOUR GUIDE TO DEPENDABLE SERVICE 
EXPRESS-NEW S 
SERVICE DIRECTORY 

TO PLACE ADS IN THIS DIRECTORY CALL 2 
2 
5 
- 1 
6 
6 
6 

BUSINESS DIRECTORY 

Additions 

 tractors, polios, carp orts, o aro ges. d r iv e w a y s , s id e w a lk s , p o r c h e s , o om a d d it io n s a n d fo u n d a tio n s 
L icen se d no 1464 333 568?_______ 
REMODELING 
O M P L E T E F IN A N C INC 
F R E E E S T IM A T E S 
C 6 S LUMBER 
4447 R O O S E V E L T 
924-8554, 924 8S37 

Asphalt-Concrete Work 

 y T ^ P o n ^ e 1 ? Y o u n 3 o T 7 o o 7 p o t lo v a sp ha lt d riv e w a y s lie bonded Joe 
534 166o r e w n i T r n i n g s t "A'r T s r r 
IN G . A N D P A T C H IN G Call 657 7699 

 c a l l J c o n s t r ^ i6 4 T uT T uT c re te S la b s, fo u n d a tio n s, p a tio s, porches, d riv e w a ys, sidew alks, a nd asp halt 533 o628 
H 
W p r t l 
TTSTTic------- s id e w a lk s, d r iv e w a y s F r e e e s timpte Joe G u e rre o 924 7777 

C O N C R E T E 
W O R K 
P A T I O S " 
Sidew alks, D riv e w a y s 131 I M I 

Bookkeeping A Tax Servlet 

A c c o u n t a n t w ill k # 8 o doom s Tot sm all b u sin e sse s 4V4 6845 atter 7o«r 
M R - S M A I X B U S IN E S S M A N 
Let m e update your books 
IN C O M E T A X T IM E A P R I L 1$ 
824-515olet s folk it over 
A C C U R A T E R E A S O N A B L E 
W 
M l E M W IT H TAX' r n — 
F o r tax return p rep ara tio n col 
828 1371 

Cabinet M akers 

Carpet Sales A Service 

F n ! T * a n T n * T p * 7 J 't r i^ L T y ! m ^ ? o o ^ 
D in in g R o o m , $22 $o 9x12 L o o s * 
R u g s SIO 5o 227-I>84, 225 83o) 

Childcare 

■t o t s m r 
4$S 9728 
5-1 o, 
D a y c a r t a g e o IO. 
M o n F n , 
L ic e n se d hom e. s u p e r v is e d core, 
Villein lo urea Betty l~q,f 655 7,'9l 
L o v in g child care, n utritious m e als 
D ia p e r s fu rn ish e d N e a r W in d so r 
M ali $25 wk 65) 2o65 

Custom Lettering A Printing 

W a n t to Give a very so e rlg l 
H o w a bout a P o e m 1 C o m p o s your o rd e r 458 4 558 

Demolition 

Jnredeemed Musical Instruments 
American Loon Co. 227 8572 

Dfrt &and Grovel Pill Topsoil 

X 9 T T 8 K u e 1 
M O N E Y , 534 ; 
. n 
, r 
4 7 o n y tim e 974 6864 
B E L G I A h G A k D e T>Tt O p- "«jiT 
Best quality a lso san d Iou sod m ix 
4J5 9729. 41) 14|9 

D IR T O R A V E L L A N O Oft LO a XT 
B A IL E Y ■ 
D ir! Topsoil ' 
_________ 65k 1/82 rf G ra v e l L o o m 
R a y H e n d r u D e liv e re d 141 2449 fJ6w l 6 a d i k I 6 R ic h t o p S o il 
C oo nr, 
3598 
5 W W 
W hite 
Rd 
661 233 f'tt P 
5S T T 
Sotu 
U U * . fti Avt d a y s a nd S u n d a ys 

Extermination Service 

 r 
F x te r m tn a 
P lum bing, a laity 7 JO o714 

T^jThurrriTbinenE!^ chen ana bath vanities, service ta 
Th* burldme contractor 922 783o 

Carpentry 

A ^ a r p e n T P 'R 1 |„ flL V T o t im,-, from R o o fin g to Fo u nd a tio n N o Jap 
T e n S rn o 111 F r o # E s t 
A ll W o rk 
P o o r 927 $o24 

X T o m p lo t e H o m e R e p a ir ie ry T ^ s 
C a rp e n t ry L e v e lin g , R e m o d e lin g , a nd P oin tin g 65/ 4)2o 
A l l Y V p e ? f A B B I U Y T T T w G R f " 
A L S O R O O F IN G . P A IN T IN G , SA 
T lS F A C T IO N G U A R A N T E E D N O 
J O B TO O S M A L L 
656 5573_________ 
In v i J e C Y O u T s i cfe p oin t,rig, b a in lo o m flo o r re p a irs, a ls o a n y c a r poetry work, 
F re e e stim ates 

 r ^ 
T a 3 d" ! i 6 U { , 
G a r a g e 
■tote With Concrete Sion ROI 
P a n e l in g E t c 
R o e s e n g b t m sea N I P ere z 434 9644 

Fir* A B S Q Wood 

D e liv e ry A vonoble w r r r r 
C oil 684 596 ) 

Trunk Load or Pickup 
Firewood 1o)o Vonce Jackson 

Foundations 

M t T T O T T O J f c T io N 
Honest bord working For • Bailor 
IOO. call US. 349 22*3. 2766938 
M 
A l l P H A S f c i OTT * G u n d a y , G S I 
R E P A IR S Also Sm all Carpentry 
Work 
All Work Guar. Froo Est! 
9271o24 
I 
A i I T Y P E *- f G u N D A T IO N 
Alt Home Repairs 
All Work Guaranteed 3o yrs E IR . 
822 171$ anytime $14-411o 
HO USE L E V E L IN G 
T H E IR IS H M A N 
3(3 V I A R S E X P E R I E N C E 
Not# 
N eve r toke the tirst g rit 
333 9oS! or 
734 IS H 

Foundations 

R E L I A B L E M A N TO OO T O U N 
O A TION R E P A I R S A N O H O U S E 
L E V E L I N G Satisfaction guarun teed No IOO to smoti Call 454 1573 

P a in t in g o n d r e p a ir s 
B o n d e d , licensed w pik gu q ru rile ort 4/5 o219 
P o in t in g int a m i « • ' o il w ork 

G a r d e n i n g g u a r C oll for tree ost 656 665o r tor E i Ii 

T T Trim T re e sa n c n m fn 
Sonoma prices 648 3o78 

P aT h T in gT ^ B 
P ap e r h a n gin g T 

■ A I U Y I NGT Pop* po y r s e«p IJJ 4i 

Health A Physical Therapy 

 m a s s a g e "t h e r A A ™ 
MS V A L E N Z U L A 
7)oo41) 
(Tver w eight r< ive, D ie t s , M o i 
(IOO . N atu ral N atur 

 eip N o t i g s, D r u g s , i 661 6449 

Handyman 

H A N D Y M A N 

Hauling A Moving 

P l I A N C I ', i 
TF 
C lean g a ra g e s 
T O T T g ' e s i 
C heap I i i 2939 i j f i 't N f V;I ' 
✓rhmu 4V4 * 
" R A U L I N S ' 
494 5oo5 
I n * G 'd fv th iU d r 
14? 
M o ve 2 
.• ton lf 
'L A O V IN O ' Let ifs H elp " We' M o v e 
One item or H o u se Fu ll C all A n y tim e 459 18/* C on ve rse 

Home Improvements 
Maintenance 

"TO FTFFi A n d d o w n s p o u t 
D o re p a irs on al! typ es Of gutte rs a n d d o w n s p o u t s 
F R E E 
E S - 
T lM A T E S 433 2125 
L a b o r of L o v e im o M r e p a ir s lo m u ltip le a d d itio n s, g u a ra n te e de sign bund der orate v o l C onst Co 
826 584 
T 
N e * 
Roof and ifhol fle p o T r s ^ F T I 
K in d s B A R T L E T T H O M E M A IN 
T t N A N O E C O *99 o514 

Landscaping 

'S f 
H l V f K t u f V l 7 r ; n 
T n 

T R E S S F O R S A L E 
1-392-$341 ■ 
H 
1 *71-9o28 or 

Mildew Removing 

W A S H IN G W e R e m o ve M id e w and 
D irt B efore P a in tin g 344 7172 F 
E stim a te s 

Fainting. Papering 
Plastering 

A " 'n ' 1 I '!* ',.',.., I., tor. Fre e E st Int E x t 7)4 784* 
G o rh g rd ts 
R e iio b iV T s lT m a te s on 
P ain ttn e -P a e e rh a n e m O ' Sheetrock 
W in d o w C a s t R e p e n t 
B u d g e t 
T e rm s 1412 $ H a c k b e rry . $32 7)49 

Pointing, P a p e rin g 
P la s t e r m g 

 ou st lr al Ce tone 735-1861 
T a p in g f l o a t i n g t e x t o n e a n d 
A co u stical R e ason a b le $)4f»ooii 

I 715 21o1 
7 IR 7 T 
■ H a n g in g 
1 7 After SP 7/ 
P o in t in g 
W o r t a p e r H o n o m u u o r o n t e e d 
R e f e r e n c e s F u r n ish e d C o m m e rc ia l a n d R e sid e n fiat 
ReotOnoiilr* 
Jar k 
W illia m s 
349 7927 operm g, P ainting, f^im itng Sheet 
R o cs R e pair L a n d ry / IS 4 ', IO 
? l A < t e R I N G P o t c h rn w ork f cee Lkt M r Lobe; 
S H 

Painting 

I — 

 h it 41?o o tic T p a IW Y (U G 
BHH real ailm ents f-j i ? 6 4S/6^ r — r r 

 a nd O n 
W ide 
M 

 ai a n a I . o u s t C all 

 r ; 
24 I i i I or VZ? 7379 

Plumbing 

O U N E E D 
824 I p j i m A r i 

9 Booting. 736 5444 
P lu m b * 
Motte head 
IS iOhr 
413 3 4 2 2 ^ M 

With Low O x e r 
Lie ond 
Bonded 

We answ er leak y lo u r typ e re p o 
T e x a s P in 
B ro a d w ay 

TTrr 

R c m o d e ltn g 

! 
— 
Rem adolrr 
824 7*kk or I 

C o 
C u s t o m 
D e s i g n e r S # r v i i o794 

Rooting 

P E H R - B P In g rr. X T T o T h T right the W fM ftm# roof it root re p a irs of oil typ os ■ 
6 1 5 3 o 3 9 ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ 
R G O D IN G . Feinting, or General 
Contracting Sm alt or Ig rg o roe 
Froo Etbm ulki 111 16o1 
_______ 
Ii V I'4 Exporronco on Composition 
G ra ve l 
342 781o 
Root 
R A M IR E Z , 

S H E E T R O C K 

 ng M a n fe rre y Tex 

Trgg Service 

T R 11 u.AijaiuA m n 
CUT T R IM M E D H A U L E D A W AY i st 
Re liab le M e n 
S I ? 8447, 
532 184/ 
G W g ra fte d p e io n fre e s Y T "^o t r im m e d o n d p r e p o lr e d . t r a n s uhfy in the m o t Jan a n d w ithin n « « a r C o 
JA ?*3 OO Onil UP. %6Oo OO down, OO* on 
CMM 4 IS ooi J 
PECAN TREES SI OO im u m IO T re e s 
F e rtiliz e a nd 
I lenin,ate b a g war m s 
V T V 

 e x p e r t 
I I l it 
T Y r im ned H a u le d £ r * e 
7758 43Z Ho76 

T R S E S C U T T R I M M ! D e 
E st 
Reliable 
Mauled 
696 o *'H 

I t e B II. H fO G Bt CtATrim Haul 
D A V I 1, 73? IQI ) F O L k S *96 o6*6 

Tutoring Instructions 

T u to rin g 
Second ar 

TV Repairs Rdfttals 

7 ^ 7 n rr7 n £ 7 7 d SS r 
Honest low p ric e s 924 o 796 and Stere o R e p a ir P e a sane 
P ric e Fre e E st 4)5 184? 

Y A R D W ORK 

R esidential a, trees 
-led 

D e p e n a a b ie Y a r d m a n , e io w e r 
Beds. 1 1ahi H aul. G e n e ra l c le an in g 
72o o461 

L a w n s , " G u t T r im m e d B d g e l . 
L o a v e s V a c u u m e d 
Colt A n ytim e 
$23 9631 
I A W N S f R l E S " ! G T S f L E A N E D 
C O L L E G E 
S T U D E N T 
C A L L 
63) o562 
L IG H T M A U L IN G , T R E E T R I M 
M I N G 
Y A R D 
W O R K . 
R E A S O N A B L E 
77)9637 

Sow ing M achine 
R e p a irs Sory see 

 j T o n iT T e e T T T o o H h r r r y T c o 
Makes Fee* in shoo est uncles 
3123 West Ave . 144 9471 
TH 

Y r t t$ , L o w n $ , 
T r im m e d a n d Hom ed fie 
VARO W O RK TREE T R IM M IN G 
F E R T I L I Z I N G Sp ra y in g for in. sects Rodtor.ub,* p ric e s 421 3142 

For extra cath, salt that stroller ., , now I 

Call 225-1666 

EXPRESS-NEWS DOUBLE BONUS A B S 
R unes $ 
• MERCHANDISE M ART ADS ONLY • 
6 days 3 

NON COMMERCIAL! 
CAN CIlLAftll 
WITHOUT 
KATI CM A N O ! 
(C L A S S N 7 4 I 

2 
2 
5 
- 1 
6 
6 
6 
QUICK KESUirSI 
Y) 

I 

Page I o-F 

"medical 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEW S 
5 © 

■Saturday January 8 1977 

MEDICAL 

SYSTEMS ANALYST PROGRAMMER 
Immediate opening available for ex­ perienced Systems Analyst Programmer. A minimum of 2 years experience in AN S, 
CO BO L programming is required. ALC, a C S / V S , D L /1/VS, or IM S /V S pro­ gramming experience also helpful. 
Ex­ cellent working conditions and employee benefits. 
IBM 
37o 
Model 
145 with 
D O S /V S , 
C IC S/V S, 
D L /1/V S, and 
SPM /ll operations environment. 
Salary open commensurate with experience. 
Apply in person, or mail resume to: 

P ER SO N N EL OFFICE 
SANTA ROSA MEDICAL CENTER 
P.O. B o x 7 3 3 o , Statio n A 
San A nton io, Tx 7 8 2 8 5 

A n Equal O p p o rtu n ity E m p lo y e r 

 f 
TEMPORARY 
J ( £ T i) 
C 
TEMPORARY 

PART TIME AFTER SCHOOL 

Yow ccm m i h up to $ 1 o o .o o w eekly w o rk­ ing from 3:3o p.m . to 6 :3 o M on.-Sot. You must have your ow n transportation and live in the Culebra Rd. are a . 

FOR IN F O R M A IO N CALL 
AAR. WHITE 
225-2819 

An Equal Opportunity Employer 

STAFF PHARM ACISTS 
Full time positions availabie for experienced hospital pharmacists. 
• Unit does system e IV admixture program 
I I pm-7 am shift and rotating shifts 7-5 pm and 
1-11 pm, 4 day week 
Excellent starting salary commensurate with ex­ perience. 
Excellent working conditions and employee benefits 

C o n ta ct P e rso n n e l O ffic e 

M e t r o p o l i t a n G e n e r a l H o s p i t a l 

1 2 3 o B r o o k l y n A v e . , S a n A n t o n i o 7 8 2 1 2 
•qual opportunity employer 

DIRECTOR OF NURSING SERVICES 

Challenging opportunity for experienced Nurs­ ing Director or Assistant Director, to assume duties of Director of Nursing Services in 136 bed general acute care community hospital, located in Kingsville, TX. This position offers the op­ portunity to implement new procedures and your inovative ideas. Excellent salary and benefits. Send resume, with salary history, to: 
A.E. 
Devine, Administrator, 
Kleberg 
County 
Hospital, Post Office Box 1197, Kingsville, TX 
78363. 

BOYS AND G IRLS— 11 -16 
YEARS OF AGE 
★ TURTLE CREEK 
★ COUNTRY CLUB AREA 
★ WOODSTONE 

Part time earnings afternoons M o n d a y Friday— a n y 
4 5 minute period between 3 :3 o p m -5 p m and 
Saturday A Sunday m ornings . . any 4 5 minute period between 5 :3 o a m. 7 :o o a m $ 4 o 5 o mon tbly, Pipe, win prizes, cash, trips, m ovie passes, and tickets to local events 

 lf you are close to one of the above locations call 

MARK TACKETT 

225-7411, Ext. 124 

B e fo re 5 :o o p.m . 

A fte r 5 :o o p.m . C all 

6 9 o -8 9 4 5 

An Equal Opportunity 
Employer 

SKILLS-TRADES 
SKILLS TRADES 

DIESEL MECHANICS 

 lo cal service com pany needs experienced heavy duty truck mechanics. M ust br.* dependable with g o o d work records 
Local only lf you meet these qualifications we offer the following. 

• Top sa lary 
• P a id v a ca tio n 
• P aid sick le a v e 
• U n ifo rm s furnished 
• Life Insurance 
• H osp ita liza tio n 
• C h ristm as bon us b e tw e e n 8 a.m .-5 p.m . call Larry Porte r 
2 2 4 -4 6 5 1 e q u a l o p p o rtu n ity e m p lo y e r 

Convenience Store Management 
Choice of career plans and locations 

Shift a rra n ge m e n t o r contract for sa la ry an d com m ission 
* PAID VACATION it FREE INSURANCE 
★ BONUS PLAN 
Bookkeeping, Office & Clerical help also needed 
Lone Star Ice & Food Stores 
3 o o W . Jones A ve . 
Interview s 1-4 p.m . w e e k d a y s 

FOOD DRINK SERVICES } ( 6 1 6 } f FOOD DRINK SERVICES ) ( j 6 1 6 ) 

 jojos restaurant 
New 
Hip Pocket Lounge soon to open n ow ta k in g a p p lication s for 
COCKTAIL W AITRESSES 
3 shifts o p e n a p p ly im m e d ia te ly a t 
2 o 7 NE Loop 4 1 o 
(no phone calls p le a se ) 

 r 
PROFESSIONAL 
" " I 
WAITERS & WAITRESSES I 

EXTRA CASH 
D eliver Evening N e w s Routes 
I to 2 Hrs. Each Evening and Sat. - Sun. M o rn in g s 

Some small routes for boys or girls. Some motor routes for adults. 

AREAS: W. Travis • W. Houston 

W. Martin - N. Zarzamora - N.W. 24th St. 

For Information Call 

225-7411, Ext. 121 before 5:oo p.m. 

A n Equal O p p ortun ity Em ployer 

SECURITY OFFICERS 

Presently Interviewing for Tem porary Jobs N e e d 5 o Security 
Officers (M ale & Female) 

FRIN G E P R O G R A M 

Pay $ 2 4 3 per week 
Uniforms furnished 
Excellent training program 

R EQ U IR EM EN T S 
M ust be in excellent physical condition and able to work long hours. M ust be 21 or over. H igh school education or equivalent 
M ust have immaculate background. M ust hove security experience, 

C A N Y O U Q U A L IF Y ? 
Interview ing Mon.-Tri. 8 -6 (n o p h o n e tails) 
S MI TH 
STANLEY SMITH 
SECURITY, INC. a i l W . O l m o s 

 on equal opportunity em ployer 

C 
MISCELLANEOUS 
1oo1) C 
MISCELLANEOUS 
) ( m ) f 
MISCELLANEOUS j f T O p 
1 D O U B LE BO N U S A B S * 
(MERCHANDISE ADS O NLY - CLASS 731) 
SAVE YOU 6 o % 
WRITE YOUR OWN AD 
A N e w lo w Rate for private party M erchandise Advertising called 
Double Bonus A d s will deliver results at Texas-Sized Savin gs of 6 o % . These ods ore exposed to 2 9 3 ,o o o potential buyers Doily in the Son Antonio W ont A d Superm arket ( 3 3 ,o o o more than the Irght). 

The Double Bonus Special is designed to provide a reduced rate for individuals w ho wish to sell things they no longer need The special rate of 2 lines, 6 d a ys S 3 m okes it profitable to advertise low cost items sucTi as baby furniture or used appliances 

The only requirements ore 

1 
O n ly private individuals are eligible for this 6 o % m oney-saving rate 
2 
The ad must be placed for six days lf the item is sold beloie the six (Jays on* up, you moy cancel fuithei running days of the ad but the full rate will be charged (In other words, no refund oi rail- adjustment for unused d ays ond no copy substitutions) 
2 LINES • 6 DAYS • *3 
(ADDITIONAL LINES EXTRA) 
SAVE A N ADDITIONAL 1 o % BY 
M A ILIN G PAYMENT W ITH YOUR AD 
............. i i i I i I 1 1 ii 111 I i i i n i n n 
I r i i i i n i n i i 11 11 i m n i t t 11 i i i i n 
3 1 1 11 i i i m i i i i 11 i n 1 1 i rr m i n i i i 
A l I I I I I I TTT I I I I t I I TTT'I rTTTTT'T 'I'TTI 
51 I I I I I I I I I I I I I 
I I I T T ’T I I T T T T T I I T H 

 figure the cost ol your ad fiom these low Kites Deduct 1 o % for 
2 l i n e s . . . $ 3 . o o paym ent with your order These rates are lot private party want ad s 
3 l i n e s . . . 
4 . 5 o and apply to six consecutive day insertions. 2 lines minimum A p 
A l i n e s . . . 
6 . o o proximately 31 spaces per line 
5 l i n e s 
7 5 o 

Pleas* (heck your ad the hist day it appears N O A D J U S T M lN T S 
6 l i n e s . . . 
9 . o o 
I O R IK R O R C A N Bt M A D L A f U R THI FIRST R U N N IN G D A Y 
J l i n e s . . . 1 o . 5 o 

N A M E 
P H O N E N O 

A D D R E SS 

C IT Y____ 
STATE 

START DATE. 
CLASS. 

Z IP 

-----------------M A IL C O U P O N T O ----------------- 
EXPRESS-NEWS DOUBLE BONUS ADS 
Ave. E at Third St./P.O . Box 2171 
---------- 
San Antonio, Texas 7 8 2 9 7 
---------- 

 o r c a l l ... 2 2 5 - 1 6 6 6 t o d a y 
BO NU S ADS BRIN G RESULTS! 

$ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ 
I 

♦I 

(PART T IM E — -ALL SHIFTS) 

Experienced only in semi-dinner house. 

Excellent w ages and benefits 

 apply in person jojos restaurant & lounge 
2o 7 NE Loop 4 1 o 

 no phone calls please 

C 
SKILLS TRADES 
} < 6 U ) 

 t xpertenred corpet stunt! vinyl oriel tile m echanic twiners M ust hove own loots Good nay Cal) < , --It at 
Floor Covering 653 
E x per ic nc od F it>e r aitis*, t> sto n e rs needed 
Top coif many benefits Alam o Mealie 
C ond 494-3 
E X P E R I E N C E D Y V P BW R IT E R 
T E C H N IC IA N with car Good ben flits Vital v dependant upon exper 
•i nee Com m ata! B usiness Equip merit D U 82/6 
E x p e rie n c e d U P H O L S T E R f R 
A N D H E L P E R auto and truce upholstery, * 4 Mon E n 223 I l i S B 
I x per ie ive Durim on Needed Clin c fi 6/4t attei J JO pm fi Ni'ti'H I1 a p hr * r L'fe" 
GT tUOkK**, AA US I the Wtf iiftp to WUfk and own hand fooi^ Coff t 'J 2117 
Oelwein <b and 7 pm 

G E N E R A L 

M A I N T E N A N C E M A N 
Permanent postilion with eire*- es tarnished Peat L stair C om pony 
M u m nove on> up ai v a n cmd tie in good physical c audition Can Dove 
Trutssess 178 WO I 
ROSOW 6 KLINE 
WI AL t o w :, >o Veor*. of tR U ST 

Green House Grower 
Pfiffer p 4 * r with t**p4*rier»cf in teMOf *cuifur« or horticulture to civ vh>t m growing o# blooming plants in to) grtenhouw.. provided thtfy huvt* ambition and ability to lur the f in I hit, com 
648 129 
H A IR O R E S S E R im m ia.ate open mg. with or without following 
MT OJI! 
H A IR D R E S S E R n e e d e d 
I ip erienied with fallowing Grow m e NL s h o p p ir enter 
4 day w ee* 
o o ' c o m m is s io n and excellent w on mq conditions Casa 
Linda Moir Fashions, 12721 N o io g dew bes Rd OST 12oo or eve IOO. 

HAIR STYLIST needed tor full service salon with excellent clientele Neat appear once and pleasant personably ore essential Successful urowth anorn 
•unities ♦ anna salary and benefits 
Personal interview colt Joan M oi rn 
4V4 769/ Of SVA /45Q 

HAIRSTYLIST 
* to blow with follow mu must bt dry snqm p ooist tu n com mission ond vat alien M o i snail 
Mon Fashions 342 949* 
“H E A V Y E Q U IP M E N T 
M E C H A N IC peeler rably with exper tern e on en antes ond transm issions, products 
Ore Case, Grattan. Algin ana Bros 
Can Doug 923 4343 
R H T S I T E ' S ------------- 

BRICKLAYERS 
I year protect at Ft Hood Centex 
C o n stru c tio n 
C o m p o n y 
(III/) 332 /hoi on eauoi opportunity 
■w pm ear 

SKILLS TRADES D © 
I M M E D I A T E O P E N IN G S im e x p e rie n c e d O U 
F I C C O 
T R U C k O W I V I W V D o ze r a 
Maintainer Operators ond We tate 
Texas Leo se Services. Inc 
Virgie tnndfeth 
C a r n ta 
Springs. 
Tx 
517 8 tt> ,’ltva 
M a ch in ist Jo u rn e y m e n only ii,. 
L attle and Mill operation Apply rn person Precision M fg Co 4546 bm i tam Rd 

MECHANIC pound c ii OOO Si held nos com 

. M U L f iL IT H P R E SM A N ------------ 
.C A M E R A M A N 
• P R IN T IN G S A L E S 
Excellent pay ond trmge benefits 
Apply pl 22* E Rhapsody 
Sewing Min nine Oner afar* wanter day ond n igh! A pply in per-,a 
Madcap M fg Co 
IVO/ S SI M arys 
Silk Screen Departure! Forem an needed M u st hove exp e rien ce 
Send resum e to 
Jerry Ettas, John 
o Ellis Bindery, 141 Manufacturing 
St , Dallas. TX 242o/ 

oFOOD-DRIMK SERVICESD 
O 

H ornb y Stores A 
H a m b y D a iry Q u e e n s looking for (Maple who wont to work rn a young progressing com pony 
Fay $2 JU on hr storting 
Apply 
I 4pm at the following stores 
* S I Dairy Queen 
214 West Aye 
734-4141 
* # 3 Dairy Queen 
H O S Bandera Rd. 
433-9o*1 
* U S Dairy Queen 
S E IS SW Military Dr 6 74 -SM I 
* 9 7 Dairy Queen 
1oo18 Sot Pedro 
344-3981 
* 9 8 Dairy Queen 
I SO Valley Hi 
674-744o 
4r 9 9 Dairy Queen 
8318 Brood way 
828-1o74 
* 9 1 o Dairy Queen 
SOS I iisenhouer 
ESS 7241 
* 9 1 1 Dairy Queen 
33o2 Pleasanton Id 923-3391 
* 9 1 2 Dairy Queen 
37o3 Colony 
69*4321 
* 9 1 4 Dairy Queen 
S1oI Woliem 
*53-o333 
* 9 1 * Dairy Queen 
922 WW White Rd. 
333 5441 
* 9 1 8 Hemby Store 
437 S. Main, Boerne, Ti 
I 249-3793 a 9 1 9 Hamby Stare 
4738 littiman Rd 
**1 2583 
* 9 2 o Hamby Store 
1*11o San Pedro 
494-5995 
* Possibility of day or night manager position 

JACK-IN-THE-BOX family Restaurants 

Abound with epportunity for sharp indinduols seeking lull or port tune positions flexible hours, good storting pay, performance raises 
Company paid benefits include hospitalize lien ond vocation Great growth potential Apply in person 2 S p rn 

12o2 Austin Hwy. 

I goal Opportunity impioyer 

►TAILOR* 
I «l»i wile na ta dot nawdod 
Br- fhcH Tailer Shoo /JSo9/1 

TRUCK DRIVERS ha vt* t omrri^rc to I tic €>#$%€ Ad ply w iiertfMt Lfvm g wVtnflows Coto 
111 w y bopsodi 

■ 
• U P H O L S T E R S R«*« needed part time ess (OOI worded < omoostiion tonier hour 
Call Hut Sc hooey bely nom I JS 
Own,-, OC*-rotor for p. f monenl lea -*- Livid? between Texas ond F a s t C o o st i9 / j m od el or newel eguiptment with J axle*, and sleeper birth H u sb an d ond wife teams welt time Top dollar revenue t o ll collect 
71J VSS Ital 
Bob 
B ow ers 
We- hovV o aas,I ion open for Opero tor on Sheeting Mac nine and Cutting 
Machine h i vtnyt hinder dept Must hove experience Send resum e to 
Jerry Ems. John D Ellis Bindery, 
141 Manufacturing St, Dallas. TX i s m w e hove opening, tor experienced worker % lh Omdt-f y and p f D o m 
G dfdnfi P f loitfig C o m p o n y. 71 / 
North Alamo. 72* 

W ILSO N IN T E R N A T IO N A L 
•4 N E LO O F 416 Suite IM E 
I St 2)24*14! I 

816 1UoU DRINK SERVICES 
7Tr.-s-T rR TW Z Hi A'ig'F 8 ■ V b AI k 
E E S W A N T E D F re t* r som eone with tost food experience Som e college preferred A bp: y in person to billy W s No 88. 914 North M ain 
Aik tor M r Reagan between IO A M and I WM No Phone t ails Please 

BUSBOY 7 3 
K A R A M s______ 121 N tar tamer a 

B US P E R S O N S 
N eat Appearance 
A P T E R SC H O O L 
A p ply In Person at 
N A P L E S R estaurant 
3216 B roadw ay 
CJewed Mondays 

W ayfarer Lounge 

Toking applications for 

Doorman A 

Cocktail waitress 

Apply in parson between 

7 pm-9pm 

263S ILE. Loop 41o 

D O O R M A N w anted at the N U T 
C R A C K E R C L U B 7321 Son Pedro. apply I Jpm M on Pri t X P L W it Ne’ E D Bor tend! ess and 
Cocktail W odress needed tor bar ii 
U niversal Cliv 
Call 658 o8o8 tot 
IDI)! e xperienced W a itre ss A p p ly in person S/ectioen Restaur on! S44J 
Wqlzem 65) J M2 ask tor Ting 
Experienced Cocktail W aitresses 
Full time and part time Apply rn person, Monday Friday, 9 Winding 
Way 
E X P K IT C H E N H E L P I4M W P o 
Ptqr 733-6483 

Etaine Food Waiter of least J yrs 
P a tio R o o m 
Alamo Plaza 

KC required 
M a n g e r H otel 2o4 

General Club M an age r Aggres- food ond beverage o peration ut country club in Houston la rg e well known patronage High Salary a benefits Send resume, all repli 
Strictly confidential, PO Box 776 
Houston. Tx 17o/1 

H E L P W A N T E D 

AWRY S E G A S I BF E F R E S T A U R 
A N T S m San Antonia are now seek mg full time and port time counter help Require I/ years or older and a b ility to wo r k w e e k e n d s o n d h o lid a y s 
Jo in a p r o g r e s s i ■ compony which otters good pay and free un dor my A p p ly in p e rso n between I 4PM at our restaurants at 314 W Rectal 
1*34 Fredericks b u rg R d 
I24i A u stin Hwy . a n d 
Windsor Park Mail 

FOOD DRINK SERVICES 1 (6 1 6 

NOW ACCEPTING 

APPLICATIONS 

FOR 

• BUSBOY/BUSGIRL 

• COCKTAIL HOSTESS 

Must be IS or older 
Apply In Person 
2:3o to 
4:3o Daily 

TOWER OF 

THE AMERICAS 

RESTAURANT 

DISTRICT 
SALES M A N A G ER 

Individual must have reliable transporta­ tion and proof of liability insurance. 

A p p ly In P erson 
1:oo P.M . to 4 :3 o P.M . 
Personnel Office 
San Antonio Express 

 an equal opportunity employer 

* COUPLE TO RELOCATE * 

MANAGE CONVENIENCE STORE 

IN Crystal City 

Commission and vacation paid 

Apply in Person 8-5pm 
NEAL, INC. 

13 3o G e m b le r Rd. i j j u u e m o i e r K a . 
* 

HELP WANTED 

MISCELLANEOUS 
C 
DOMESTIC 

Needed: In d iv id u a l to train o s a s s is t o n t m a n a g e r o! a to o l a n d e q u ip m e n t rental C o 6 d a y w o rk week, sa la rv plus benefits, a o p lv in person at A cm e 
Rent Rite, 
8331 
B ro a d w a y __________________________ 
N E E D live in for refined lad y in nice hom e, prefe r so m e p ra c tica l o u rs ing exp Coli M rs. C aruth 732 9694 
P A R T T I M E C A S H IE R S . S2 3o an hr. 6pm 12pm, 2fr3o h r s a week. N o exp n e ce ssa ry M in a ge 18 A p ply in person, 9 3. M o n F ri, Stop N G o 
M arkets. 2o4 E R h a p so d y 
P A R T T IM E 
4 m en to w o rk 4 h o u r s p er n ig h t otter 5pm to e arn S4 per hour. C all 
M r Allen 349 6669 12 6pm M o n and 
Tues only__________________ 
P a r t tim e w o m e n a n d s t u d e n t s 1 
Need extra cash tor incom e tax or the little e xtra s to enjoy life1 A p p ly in p erson 2oo3 San Pedro, Ro o m 8 
P L E A S A N T T E L E P H O N E W O R K frum our central north office. G ood b oy Fu ll and part tim e 734-8343 
R O U T E W O R K 
.o m s P e a n u t * 939 C o lis e u m R d 
A p ply 3-Spm 
S h a k le e N a t u r a l V ita m in s, sp a re time sa les busin e ss. 684-456o 

Southwest Air Systems 
N E E D S 

23 TRAINEES to s t a r * w o r k im m e d ia t e ly in d isp lay m e rc h a n d isin g positions 
•No expe rie nce n e c e ssa ry 
•R apid A d van ce m e n t 
M u st be at least 18 y e a rs old and h ave lived in Sa n A ntonio for I ye ar 
C all for interview 
656-533o 

STUDENTS needed to sell flow ers. SI 75 an hour or c o m m issio n 
C all 
699 8999 or 
699 o281 

A f t - 
J 
* 
I 
HELP WANTED 

F u ll o r P a rt T im e 
18 yeors of ag* or over 

 o p p ly in person only 

(na ghana coltx please) 

3971 Fredericksburg Rd. 

E X T R A $ $ $ C A S H 
D eliver M o rn in g Ex p ress R o u tes 

B e tw e e n 3 : o o A .M . a n d 6 : o o A .M . 
$25o TO $3oo PER M O NTH 

A la m o H eights a n d Terrell Hills 
Dellcrest — off W .W . W h ite Rd. 
For Inform ation Call - 3 2 5 -7 4 1 I 
Ext. I 26 
O r 6 5 5 -5 6 7 5 

A n E q u al O jo po rtan ity E m p lo y e r 

EXPER IENC ED 
W A ITER S 

F la m in g a n d go u rm e t 
E v e n in g service 
T ra n s­ p ortatio n nee de d 

C a ll Mr*. N a im a n 

4 9 2 - 1 o 6 3 

C A N Y O N CREEK 
C O U N T R Y C LUB 

H U N G R Y 
F A R M E R 
S T E A K H O U S E 
W a itre sse s and S a la d G ir l* 
A p ply *316 Son P e d ro 
K it c h e n H e lp e r n e e d e d at y e a r roun d conference center nea r Hunt, 
I. XOS C a ll 517 231 4415 for m for m o tio n o n d o p p o m tm n e t S a la r y , food o nd h o m in g_______ 
• O Y S T E R S H U C K E R 
K IT C H E N H E L P E R 
E X P F O O D S E R V E R S 
The B a y o u * Se afo od 2617 W a g o n 
W heel 626 5724 

Part time Day Shit! 
A p ply 
W indy x 
Old 
F a sh io n 
M um bur aer s 
97oo butt P e d ro between 2 5pm y/ w ayu rcu i u 
* wrytt ^ ayin_ belief cook tar n u rsin g h om e E x p e n a n c e preferred 333 ) ? ? j 
T h o r t o rd e r c o o k , B u r g e r s a n d o m e le t* E v e n in g w o rk, e xc e lle n t w o rkin g lu n d itio ns ond a bronc) new e x p o s e d to p u b lic c o o k in g a re a 
L y n d v % G r e a t 
In d o o r s , 
5562 
T ' edt ne k sb u tg 341*6o5 
W a it r e s s e s , a p p ly 
. ** M 6 P M : I i 4 S F rg sO n pc 
•WAITRESS 
K A R A M S t?T N /Of /Omen <j 

WAITRESS NEEDED 
F o r new C lu b rn I ack kin d a re g carl tor details, 674 99*6 
W H A T A B U R G E R 
N ee d s P erm ane n t. F u ll tim e M e n or W om en A pply In p e rso n betw een 
9 a nd ll urn o n ly til M734 B ro a d w a y 
N o phone coils, please 
W H A T A B U R G E R 
N ee d s P erm anent, F u llN im e , M e n or W om en A pply in p e rso n a t 4127 
N A C O P E R R I N 
N o p hone call*, p lease 

[ f o o d d r in k S u m a s ) ( S h ) 

Young Minded 
W A I T E R S 
And W A I T R E S S E S 
A p ply In P e rso n 
Valerio's Restaurant 
382o Broadway______ 

62o HELP WANTED 
MISCELLANEOUS 

A P A R T M N T M A N A G E R S * 
It you like Sa n Antonia, you ll love 
A u s t in * S e n d r e s u m e a n d r e f e r ­ e nce* la P A R A G O N P R O P E R T I E S , 
136o City Natl B an k B ld g , Austin, 
Tx 717o1 N o phone c o ll* please 

ASSISTANT APT Manager 
Coonlr over 4o to be a ssista n t” while train in g tor apts m a n a g e rs S a la ry p ly . a p a rtm e n t 
A p p ly at office. 
3222 N W L O O P 41o, otter IO OOAM lo 7 P M 
A ttractive hostess, model, e scort 
M A T C H M A . L R IN C 344 H JS 

Beeline 
226-23o3 
C are taker a nd han d y m o n tor place n e a r B o e r n e 
S m a ll f u r n i s h e d h o u se p lu s u tilitie s tor c o u p le in e x c h a n g e fo r » h o u r s w o rk p e r w e e k 
N o c h i ld r e n 
R e r e n c e * 
■quired 826 139o 
C O N S T R U C T IO N 
S U P E R I N T E N D E N T 
Needed, m ust be fa m ilia r with V A a n d P H A C o n s tr u c t io n . 684 542o, 
W ind sor H o m e * In t 
C O U N T E R M A N with kn o w led ge of p lu m b in g supplies. C e n tra l P lu m b m g Su n o l* 7 34 77o6 
_ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ 

DANCERS 
N e e d e d im m e d ia te ly 
N e w p la c e 
O utside city lim its H ig h p a y a n d tips Colt now 6/4 9986 
D e liv e r y p e r s o n 1 o am lp m a n d 
4 IO 9. m u s t h o v e o w n tra n sp o rta tio n a n d M o b ility in su r- once A b le to write a nd speak E n g itsh 
A pply 
172o SW M ilita ry D r 
924 MOO 

D ep en dab le p e rso n to w ork in Ice 
H o u se Cote. 6 d ays, 1oA M to S P M 

DESK CLERK 
P a rt tim e weekends, o p p ly * 5 Tow n 
H ouse M otel 
942 N E 
L o o p 41o 
826 631! 
D R U G C L E R K 
H a r d w o r k in g healthy p e rson M u st be 21 
A p p ly alter 6 P M M o n a n d W ed afte rno o ns 
Only 125o H igh la n d 
F I L E C L E R K 
F u ll or p o rt tim e o p e n in g tor tile c le rk 
N o e x p e r ie n c e n e c e s s a r y , m ust be tree to start Im m ediately 
Son Pedro, R o o m B 
F IN N E Y * A S S O C IA T E S 
P e rso n n e l C on sulta n ts 
5835 C a lluu non, N u 325, 664 ut HO r u n or part tim e E v e n in g wostle ter to attendant Im m ed iate o pening 
A pply ! IQS VV F re n c h at B la n c o 

FULL OR PART TIME 

*75-1)56 P E R W E E K 

CALL 341 22o5 

S le o d v E m p lo y stoit 53) 8861 eat, *2 B n h o u r 

H o v e full tim e d ay, or p a rt tim e evening, o p e n in gs for d e liv e ry N o e x p e rie n c e n e c e s s a r y 
W ill tra in 
M o st have ow n tran sp o rta tion a nd k n o w le d g e at m e tro a re a A p p ly ; 
2oo3 So n P e d ro R o o m 6. 

ALARM (ORATIONS 

“Tho Security Company it now interviewing for posi­ tions in all fields of alorm operations 
Alarm in­ stallation ond service person hoi. 
Must be experienced. 
Benefits include uniforms, 
Irfe-heolth insurance, paid vacation*. 
Coli for ap­ pointment. 

8 2 4 - o 5 6 4 
| BAM to SPM, Mon-fri 
SUNLIT SMITH 
SICUtlTY, INC 
211 Mf Olmos 
Sen Antonio, Ti 78212 
Equal Opportunity fmptoygr 

Suplem ent yo u r Incom e you set the limit, tor interview call 653 3o/5 
T IA R A E X C L U S I V E S . M a n a g e r s and C o u n se lo rs needed im m ediate 
Iv 
E x c it in g n ew p ro d u c t, E a r ly 
A m e ric a n a nd c o n te m p o ra ry gifts in g lo s s 
E x c e lle n t c o m m is s io n s paid im m ediately after each party 
N o d e liv e r y , (ult o r p a r t tim e 
T rain in g p rovide d 654 o966________ 
Truck Driveh Warehouseman 
11o3 S F rio _________ 
223 3815 ru c k S to p A s s is t a n t m a n a g e r , n ight sh ill 5 d o v week 
Tex M a r t num ber S, self se rv e truck stop, IH 
IO W e st a n d F r e d e r ic k s b u r g R d 
M a tu re , lo c al r e fe re n c e s, re tire d 
M i l i t a r y w e lc o m e • s t a r Is 569/ m o n th 
A ll a p p lic a t io n s to 
A J. 
P lo ch Oil C o 
Inc 5/4/ D ietrich R d 
4 to 5 p m N o phone calls please 
T r u c k S t o p a s s is t a n t m a n a g e r , night shift, 5 d a y week, Tex M a rt num ber 5, self se rv e truck stop, IH 
IO W est a n d F r e d e r ic k s b u r g R d 
M a tu re , lo c al re fe re n c e s, re tire d 
M il it a r y w e lc o m e s t a r t s 569/ m o n th 
A H a p p lic a t io n s to: A J 
Ploch Oil Co., Inc *>74/ Diet! left R d 
N e phone lu ll,, please 
T ru c k Stop C a sh ie r 
E v e n in g , S p ill Shift, 3 JO to t 
T e xa c o Truck. Center. P e rm a n e n t lob . 5 d a y w eek 
M a t u r e lo c a l references Start *416 a m onth At) 
A p plication s to 
A J Ptoch Oil Co., 
5/4/ D ietrich R d tor Interview ___ 
W a n te d 
B a s s g u it a r is t , G u it a r p lo v e r . K e y b o a r d p la y e r , a n d 
D ru m m e r Call D o n 684 846/ 
W anted part tim e m an tor delive ry a n d c u s t o d ia n w o r k m u st h o v e 
P ic k u p 149 3255 
W ont H u sk y Lo c o l P a rt or Fu lltim e 
College Student truck d riv e r C o m m e rcia l license N o S m o k in g G ood 
P o y F I S H E R S 145o N E Loop 41o 

ASSISTANT 
APT. 
M A N A G E R 

Excellent promot­ ional opportunity. N o pets - N o children. 

8 2 4 -2 3 2 2 

SU PERVISO R t r a in e e 
Permanent position for mature, dependable, person. 

ABC Ltnon Service 

43o3 West Commerce 

Apply in Person 

H O U S E W IV E S 
W ork tat your aw n neighbor bood, full or port tim e 
656 2*26 

In n ted of a su b stan tia l 2nd incom e * 
Cot! 658 oo34 tor intel view 

N S T A l l E R S H E I F E R nee de d , s o m e c o n s t r u c t io n k n o w le d g e p refe rre d W ill troth R a p id o de o n le n ie n t C oll Vain -lpm 144 9644 
L A D I E S N E E D E D 3 h o u rs doily, 
5 d a y w e e k , *7 5 
S t a n le y H o m e 
P roducts In c , 53i 36oo t o d i e s to w e a r o n d se ll S a r a h 
C o v e n try je w e lry 
N o in v e stm e n t req u ire d 735 /512 

M A I N T E N A N C E M A N tor la r g e apt c o m p le x P lu m b in g, e lectrical a n d h e a tin g e xp e rie n c e e sse n tial 
A p t t u r n 
L o c a l 
R e f e r e n c e s i etjutf cd A p p ly I lo yonder heck 

 m a n a g e m e n t t r a i n e e s 
Coll M i C o llin * tor oppl 226 2641 

Mature Person 
Wended tg cle an and se rvice c a r s 
M u st be re lia b le o nd d e p e n d ab le 
Only m a lin e need apply 
,42 9566 

M id d le a g e d or retire d couple, on lim ited incom e, wonted lo core tor e ld e rly w o m a n a n d y a rd m aim er: once S e p a ra te fu rn ish e d Q u a rte rs p ro v id e d , u tilitie s p aid, p lu s *1oo m onth sa la ry . W rite P O B ox 52W , 
San Antonio, T X 782o1 
R e fere nces re q uire d 

W E R E L O O K IN G for an ind ivid ua l that w a n ts to gro w w ith our com pony M u st be self m otivated, like to w o rk w ith m a th e m a tic a l fig u re s, so m e c o lle g e p r e f e r r e d 
S a la r y d ep end s on Q ualifications A p ply rn p e r s o n o n ly a l G a r y P o o ls , I 
N ortheast Loo p 4 1o 
W ould *5oo a m onth be of help to you without you r tall tim e tob* Coll Joe 
G a r u n M o n d o v at 349 4291 
Y o u n g lady to w ork a s d ispatch er e v e n in g s F t a fte rno o n e ach week 
A pply 15o2 W est Hitdebi and 
Y o u n g m e n or w o m e n to deli 
P u z o 
M o s t h o v e e c o n o m y c 
W illing to work at least 3 n igh ts o w eek 
C o r a llo w a n c e a g u a ra n te e 
A p p ly 15o2 W e st H ild e b r a n d Im m e d r o t e O p e n i n g ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ 

822 DOMESTIC 

B ab ysitter W anted for after school 
N o r t h s id e a r e a ( C h o r le s A r n o ld 
E f m ) 733 6*o3 
■ - » 
B ab ysitte r negate!, m ast hove ow n t r a n s p o r t a t io n , w e e k d a y s o n ly 
696 Q/is4 after 5 :3o 

 b ep e n dob Ie person, child core a nd lite h o u se w o rk 8 3o 4 M F A la m o 
H g h ts; m ast hove ow n tru n sp a nd references 828 542/_____________ 
E n g lish -p e a kin g m a id to live in 5 d a y s 494 5861 otter 6pm 
Fu ll c h a rge h ousekeeper for sm a ll a d u lt f a m ily 
L iv e in 5 '. d o v 
L a r g e h o u se , e x c e lle n t s t a r t in g sa la r y , m u st sp e a k E n g lis h C o ll between 6om 2pm, M o n d a y F rid o v 
3 4 9 3623 
G en era l h ou se w ork and coo kin g adults, near busline, nice q trs m a y live in it d esire 
R e fe re n c e s req d 
Colt e v e s 826 o/53 
G ra n dm o the r tor 2 school a ga M a s ligh t d uties, liv e in. C o ll 696 79* attar 4pm 
L o d v to C o re for 2 C h ild re n A g e s a nd / A d a m s Hilt M u st H a v e own 
T r a n s p o r lo t io n 
R e f e r e n c e * 
6/5 114o otter 5 
L a d y to c le a n h o u se 
M u s t h a v e references o nd tran sp o rta tion 
734 883 
L a d y to live In w ith e ld e rly lociy who h a s hod su rg e ry Roam , b oa rd a n d s a la r y D a y s 6/4 3/o1. E v e n m as 696 2/o4 
I A U N D R E 5 5 w anted M o n d a y s on 
Iv. I in fam ily, good location C all 
82* 5493 between 4 6pm 

D(£D 

M a t u r e h o u se k e e p e r , liv e in tor e ld e rly lady 736 34o6 

NEED IMMEDIATELY 
L iv e in babysitter ond m aid to c a re for 2 ye ar old girl. C all ofter 5:3o 
P M , 734 2349 
52.3o Der hour, h o u se k e e p in g a n d children, tran sp o rta tio n a n d refer ences C all 492-2783 otter 4pm 

624 SITUATIONS WANTED 

B a b y sitting im m y home. Licensed. 
Re fere nces 534 9383. 
B a b y sittin g done m y h om e H a r r y 
W u rzb ach Rittim an a re a 822 o761 
C are of sick elderly, h ousekeeping, will live-in. 224-719S 
C hild care in m y hom e Fu ll or part time B io o d w o y & 41o. 822 o369. 
C hild care w hile you w ork or shop, rita rd s p r e s c h o o l, n e a r m o lls. 
341 o961 M i s Taylor_______ 
D E P E N D A B L E L A D Y w a n t s 2 m ornings. H a v e car. 337 6252 
E x p e rie n c e d W o m an will care for sick or e ld erly 
Ref, 332 4o/9 
H O U S E K E E P E R d e sire s live-in rob 
5 d a y s 226-2138 tronm g, w a sh in g done in m y hom e 
B y M rs. Sp ea rs. 736-3967. 
Lie n urse a id e d e sire s priva te duty 
o1 m an) w ork, on b usline 333-3143 
M ature, a ccou n ts receivab le clerk, som e credit exp needs lob 333 2926 
P B X O p e rator or P B X Receptionist. 
SW Bell training. 828-4823. 
P r a c tic a l N u r s e c a re fo r sic k or elderly Coll 33/ 791o. 
P rac tica l n urse d e sire s p riva te du tv tor sick and elderly References. 
N o live in 824 5843 
R e g C hild C are, good location tor w o rkin g p are n ts in so u th e ast S A , nice neighborhood, low rotes 
633 29o1 
WHI keep c h ild re n in m y hom e bv the w eek 
S a h a r a a n d S a n P e d r o are a 349-7o65_____________ 

7o1 MISCELLANEOUS tor SALE 

S P E C I A L ! D a m a g e d tOxtO p o rt bldg F re e del , term s 341 6)88 
3 Steel tanks, new su rp lu s 
2o,ooo aal vert , deliver to you A lso 
5 OOO of 6 V used pipe. Loo Jobm . 
713 447 o3o3 

7o4 BUSINESS EQUIPMENT 

A D D R E S S O G R A P H c la s s 19oo with ottacmerits, g ra p h a type plate cabinet with troys. H o ld s 3o tra y s 
All 3 S/5o All in good w o rk in g orde r 
N ation al b illing m ach in e, m o d 42 
SIKH ) 677 8151. 
______ 
A n tiq u e ta b le s a n d c h a ir s , p oor sou nd p ieces 
D a u g h try Antique. 
684 o344. 

C A S M R E G I S T E R S , g r o t pi . h e c k o u t m o d e l, N C R c la s s 5 y e a rs old C on tact S a m S h e a rre r 
I 569 4864, P le asan ton or 225-5781, 
San Antonio 
C o s h r e g is t e r , S2oo atte a t five check out counter, SISO. 824 653). 
C O L G IN C o m m e r ic o l I r e B o - 
4 door 8x6 434 o881 
For A L L N E W and U S E D Kitchen 
Equipm ent and Supplies See 
Levinson R estaurant Supply Co 
19oo San P edro 
733-o931 
F re sh M e a t D isp la y B o x 24 ft tor 
B u tch e r Sh op G ood con d A t o re sent location 5/45 Installed of your location $995 695 3447 
IB M S E L E C T R IC Typew riter E x cedent cond . you c a n ’t reploce ot 
$425* 341 425o eve*. 
IC E 
C R E A M 
P A R L O R 
E Q U IP M E N T in clu de* Sho efe r dip cabinet, dr* ploy co*e*. ice cube m oker, cosh reactor, m ixer, soda fountain, deep fryer, table and cho ir* C all 655-1111 atter 5 P M 

IUHDLNo MATERIALS )(7 o fe ) 

LEASING 
S P E C IA L IZ IN G i n b u s i n e s s a nd P ro fe ssio n a l E q u ip m e n t 
Sa v e T a x C o n se rv e C apitol 

GLENN FOSTER, INC. 
26o3 B R O A D W A Y 
227 9381 
I M Copier, 1o7 M o d il SISO 
*66-1o6) 
N C R 6ooo, 9 total Cash 
R e gister_______ 535o 
732-7161 
O F F IC E C H A IR S /. like new Re tori at over 53oo each, sell at 52oo 
341-425o eve*. 
R E C O R D S F O N E 
A u to m atic T elephone A n sw e rin g, 
R e c o r d in g , c o ll d iv e r t in g eqpt. 
Com petitive o n c e * Coll anytim e 
Ralph * Electronic*, t/5 2245 
R e sta u ra n t E q u ip m e n t F o r So le 
Sta in le ss steel IO x ? ' I t ' x 2 9 s t e a m e r c o u n t e r , d e e p f r y e r , 4 burn er stove 
V e ry reasonable. 
684 6195 
U S E D O F F IC E E q u ip m e n t con ven tion a l a n d s e c r e t a r ie s ’ d e sk * ond charr* Calculator* and m rscel 
Igneous supplies 654 6654 
U S E D O F F I C E F U R N I T U R E 
D e sk s C h o irs T yp e w rite rs A d d in g m a ch in es M u c h m ore 349 2674 
W A N T E D TO B U Y 
U se d office furniture Desks, choir*, tile cabin et*, etc I piece or entire office I t l l 
B osse R d , 733 /367, 736 IO U 

7o6 B U N G MATERIALS 

LUMBER BARGAINS latex mid! Pomt 
$3.$o 
7x4 8 parrot He 3 wrier) 
79< 
24o lb 5eukto«n stung** $13 *5 
4x8 j (DD Plywood 
$6 99 
4.8 *. plywood 
S Io .2 S 
24x24 Aluminum Window $1o 3o 

ALUM INUM PATIO D O O M 
6 fool 
...... 
$89 
C AIN AND C A M T 
BARNES LUMBER CO. 
12o7 t Durango 
SJJ-S11S 

L iv e in c o m p a n io n tor e ld e r ly w om an 5/5 week 7j? 2JI2 
______ 
L rye in burriest ta w anted on 1 gin ti in 
Com fort, Tx G e n e ra l h ou se w ork g a r d e n in g , c o o k in g , c a n n in g 
2 
..chou! a g e d b o y s w ill c o n s id e r couple 
225 3178 a sk for D o ro th y 
K e ck 
___________ 

L IV E IN H O U S E K E E P E R “ 
D e sire m o th erly, re sp o n sib le E n g b s h s p e a k in g la d y w ith d r iv e r s license tor Casita H ills fam ily with c h ild r e n to, 7. a n d 4 
E x c e lle n t votary P riv a te room Coli 144 9o42 

L iv e in m a id h o u s e w a r k , o n d laundry. 5 d a y * 341 85o9 

M a id 3 d ay *, own tra n sp o rta tio n necessary, references 492 115o 

A L A M O E N T E R P R IS E S 
H A S E V E R Y T H IN G 
TO B U IL D A N Y T H IN G 
C lo ** out a r u es ye ai e nd sale on lux2o, 1ox 12 wood port bld g F re e iletivei r lei m s 65 ! bl I I 
D em ig o d For t slur age b ld g Io»1o 
Fre e del , te rm s 924 sOQj 

Phil Echavarria 
S A Y S 
Coll or Se* M e At 
Moffett Lumber Co. 
Deperidobt# Since 1*15’ 
4o/ N Aor (am o ra, 432 /8*1 

CASH 
A N D 
CARRY 
L u m b e r 
2x4x6 No. 3 btr. YP.48 eo. 
2x4x8 No. 3 YR . .7o en. 
2x4x14 No. 3 YR I S I en. 
Pressure Treated 
POSTS 

3 V T x 6W 
1.37 ea. 
4 x6 '/ t '............ 1.75 ea. 
6 x 8 '................. 5.69 ea. 
4 x 1 4 .............. 7.45 en. 
4x8 CD SHOP PLYWOOD 
W 
...................... $3.99 
Y r " ...................... $5.52 
Vi” ...................... $6.98 y«” ...................... $7.98 
SOUTH 
LOOP 
LUMBER 
COMPANY 
351o ROOSEVELT 
(512) 922-63o6 
D eltvsr A t Extra Cost 

C & S LUMBER 
COMPANY 
FARMER'S SPECIALS 
V j’x 4 '/i" penta 
. p ost*.............$2.3o*a. 
7'x4VV' panto posts............$2.45 to. 
12V$ ga. barb 
$16.9$ roll 
$19.9$ sq. 

$ 2/.9$*g. 

$32 95 aa. 

Corr, iron........ 
12' got*, steel 

9«‘« ........ 
14' gahr steal 

« « » • ....... 
BUILDERS SPECIALS 
2*4 precut No. 3 TP.. 794 aa. 
2x4 precut fir 
894 to. 
2x4 IO thru 1 6 'fir .. 114 ft. 
2x4 IO ond 12 TP . .. 94ft. 
4x8 7/16 rough textured 8 " OC $7.95*o. 
12x16 lop sdg. rough textured 28Vt 4 ft. 
4x8'/c" IC plywood, smooth 2 sides .. $11.95 
4x8'/c" B i plywood. smooth 2 sides $12.95 eo. 
4 x8 '/t" CD sh o p ... $5.45 aa. 
AU TOP QU AUTY STOCK 
ONI STOP CENT LR 
C & S LUMBER 
COMPANY 
4 6 4 7 ROOSEVELT 
( 5 1 2 ) 9 2 4 - 8 5 5 6 

DITTMAR LUMBER 

SOO SHUM • 226-3141 

Genuine Strang Earn (of rug hon 

 length) to 2o 
........ $24.95 sq 
I *17 bough cedor lumber 
..................... 
$ ) * tm tt 

 kuiiiood ti*', 
V4 vs *o 
Albedos Siding 
$26.95 tq 

Ooh Whiskey banak 
$15.95 ta. 

74o lh S/o rfg, colon 
$14.55 
IS lh let, 4 ig roll 
$7 4$ 
Inwiotien J 
9c 4 ti 

 insulation 4 
154 sq. ft. 

T M I 8 4 o 9 4 8 Y S A V U 

M 4*f«KK <N |4 liPMfc 
EK* 

Whet rn U A Iv y t af WtHpfapinele 

A C M E L U M B E R IS S U P P L Y 
1oo1 Austin St , 22* 1437 
U nive rsal City. *S* 633! 

Raul Perales 
S A Y S ’’C oll or See M e A t" 
Moffett Lumber Co. 
'Dependable Since ills* 
4o/ N fo rlo rn e r a, I JI 2881 
R E D U C E D display model TRI port bld g Fre e dei te rm s 341 *1 

• 
Rough Yellow Pine 
LUMBER 
• G O O D L U M B E R 
• G O O D L E N G T H S 
2X6 ........................ 
2x8 ...................... . 
19V* L F 
., 26c L F 
DI ll MAB LUMBER 
5o9 Seguin Rd, 226 3141 
Stanley Helmke 
S A Y S "C o li or S e * M e A t " 
Moffett Lumber Co. 
"O e g e n d o b te Since 1*35" 
4o/ N /or 'a m o r o 432-7111 

Additional 
Classified