Arthur Ashe 

SPORTS COMMENTARY — SECTION S 

‘Blacks spend too much time on the playing field and too little time in the libraries.’ 

I rn cl bergh 

SEE IN SIG H T SECTION 

Lucky Lindy’s historic trans-Atlantic passage 
See SCENE Section 

SPORTS 
FINAL 
F 

3 5 <t 

MAY 15, 1977 

THE SUNDAY 
EXPRESS NEWS 
America's fastest growing Sunday newspaper 

F O R E C A S T 

 ta r tly cloudy, warm . 
H igh, m id KOS. Low, 

S A ’U R D ’.Y TEMPERATURES 
IN C O IU M N TW O 
WINS 

PRESERVING AM ERICA’S FREEDOM 
S. A. school wins funding 
MISS 

Bv DICK MERKEL 
EXPR ESS N E W S C A P IT O L B U R EA U 
AUSTIN — Funding, size and role of San Antonio State School for the Mentally Retarded were greatly expanded Saturday by the legislative appropriations conference committee. 
That apparently will mean the relo­ cation of the intensive care unit of the nationally recognized Texas Research 
Institute of Mental Sciences (TRIMS) from Houston to San Antonio. 
The action came during the fifth straight day of meetings by the joint 
House-Senate conference committee 

 working to iron out a compromise state spending bill for 1978-79. 
The c o m m itte e ’s co m prom ises between House and Senate appro­ priations bills must still be approved by both houses before the legislature adjourns on May 3o. 
However, Rep. Bob Vale of San An­ tonio, a m em ber of the conference committee, said he was optimistic the 
San Antonio State School proposal would be acceptable to both houses. 
The committee also voted to delete a 
House-recommended six-month delay in the school’s opening, thus returning 

See S.A. SCHOOL, Page ISA 

A S S O C IA T E D PRESS 
CHARLESTON, 
SC. — Kim 
Tom es, 
M iss 
T exas, a 
2I-year-old who plans a career in education or public relations, was named the 1977 Miss U.S.A. 
Saturday night. 

The 5-foot-8 blonde was crowned by outgoing queen Barbara Peterson of 
Minnesota before a television audience and 2,5oo local spectators. 

A Houston native and student at 
Texas A & M University, Miss Tomes is the daughter of a carpet salesman and a school teacher, Mr. and Mrs. 
William A. Tomes. 
During questioning by Master of Ce­ remonies Bob Barker, Miss Tomes said that outward beauty is not the most important thing for a woman. 
“ You should be beautiful from the in­ side. You can be really beautiful, but be tacky from the inside and be ugly.’’ 
The first runner-up was Mary O’Neal 
Contino, Miss Nevada; second ru n ­ ner-up was Debra Jean Cossette, Miss 
Minnesota; third runner-up, Pam ela 

Lynn Gergely, Miss California; fourth runner-up, Sheryl Lynn Herring, Miss 
Virginia. They reached the finals for the weekend pageant from a starting list of 51 contestants. 
C ontestants e a rlie r voted Linda 
LeFevre, Miss Florida, the title of 
Miss Amity. 
Miss Tomes’ title nets her a $11,(MIO cash aw ard, a scho larship and a 
$1o,ooo personal appearance contract, as well as representation of the United 
States in the Miss Universe contest 

July 1H in Santo Domingo, Dominican 
Republic. 
For the first time, contestants in the nationally televised pageant wore what promoters called unconstructed swim suits — meaning they had no built-in bra or other construction. 
The most photogenic prize went to a blue-eyed blonde, Elizabeth Curran of 
Illinois. 
Individual awards were not given for swimsuits aud evening gown compe- tion. 

 r 

__ JgSfNf 
A -■ .Mm A. P 
* u » * 
KIM TOMES 

4 hostages freed 

A S S O C IA T E D PRESS 
YOUNGSTOWN, Ohio - A young mother held hostage by a bank robber in her apartment for nearly 24 hours walked to freedom Saturday night when the robber was distracted. 

The gunman then walked out of the apartm ent, threw down two pistols, and surrendered. He was whisked away in a police cruiser for question­ ing by the FBI. 
The woman escaped w hen police brought hamburgers to her and the gunman, according to Charles McKin­ non. agent in charge of the Cleveland 
FBI office. He said the robber “ just yielded to reasonableness.” 
The woman, Clara Blair, 22, ap­ peared to be unharmed. She was the last of four hostages taken F riday night following a robbery at a nearby bank. 
Less than four hours earlier, Mrs. 
Blair tossed her two children out a second-story window to FBI agents when the gunman was distracted. A third child was released by the gun­ man early Saturday in exchange for 
$2,o(1o cash. 

Good faith 

After the mother freed her children, 
Danielle, 13 months, and Isaac, 4, the 
FBI gave the gunman an additional 
$4,ooo as sign of good faith, agents said. 
The gunm an, about 37 years* old, identified himself variously as Ralph 
Moseley. Ralph Moses or John. 
He took the. hostages after fleeing a bank he had robbed F riday in this northeastern Ohio city. He demanded that two Cadillacs driven by FBI agents wearing only undershorts be provided for his escape. He also 

 demanded “ freedom and money,” the 
McKinnon said the gunman was in a 
FBI said. hallway negotiating with agents when 
Police said he told them he had 
Mrs. Blair appeared at an apartment 
“ nothing to lose.” 

SNIFF! S.A. kids do it. 
And they die. 

A 12-year-old boy sprays a can of silver paint into a paper bag and inhales the fum es. M etallic paint and aerosol propellant combine to d estroy his red blood c e lls and make breathing increasingly diffi­ cult. 

A 16-year-o!d girl em pties a can of spray-on cooking oil on a rag and b rea th es d eep ly. She coats her lungs with oil, cutting off oxygen. 
She may die. 

An 8-year-old, seeing older boys sn iff paint, tak es a can of transmission cleaner, sprays it into a soft drink can and becom es hy­ peractive from the fumes. The sol­ 

 vent b eg in s ea tin g at his body tissue. 
T hese three and an estim ated 
8,ooo m ore San A ntonio youths between the ages of ll and 16 — from all parts of the city — will take this dangerous route to a “ high” this year. 
Inhaling insecticides, hair spray, paint thinner and other aerosol products, these “ sniffers” will try to get high by deeply and repeatedly inhaling spray can products. They are filling their bodies with poisons 
— with toxic chem icals which cause permanent damage or death. 
And no one seem s to be fighting to prevent this. 
Learning the shocking truth 

By DAVID MCLEMORE 
This frightening picture isn’t the product of some social worker’s survey. It’s the finding of a class of 
18 advanced chemistry students at 
Robert E. Lee High School. 
Now that the class project is over, the students are moving into a new field — telling the city about the horrors of sniffing and trying to do something about solving San An­ tonio’s sniffing problems. 
The students, seniors in Lee’s honors chemistry class taught by 
Tony Wedig, began a class project on sniffing when their inquiries into the problem resulted in pleas of ignorance, apathy or an “ it’s-not- my-job” attitude from city officials, law enforcement agencies and drug education centers. 
Said one of the students, George 
Richmond: “ The thing that really upset us most was that no one thought the problem was serious or that it was their business to do anything about it. 
“We told them kids were killing themselves with this stuff. They just sighed, said it was terrible but there wasn’t anything they could do 

 about it.” 
Wedig said his students wanted to learn more about the problem and see if they could find ways to com­ bat it. Here are some of the things they found out about aerosol abuse in San Antonio: 
• 
A city ordinance prohibiting the sale of glue to m inors was amended in 1972 to include spray paints. It did not, however, require the posting of warning signs by stores selling spray paints, as it does for glue. 
• 
A 4o-store survey indicated store owners were not aware it was illegal to sell paints to minors. Yet no store manager or clerk who has sold spray paint to minors has been prosecuted by the city under the city ordinance. 
• Little or no information about sniffing is available from drug education agencies. Only one group 
— the Mexican-American Neigh­ borhood Civic Organization (MAN­ 
CO) — deals with sniffing. It does so only on the West Side. 
• 
Above all, the students said, they learned that aerosol items are 

See SNIFF!, Page ISA 

Stu de n ts R ichard G e e , left, and C oby Hanoch show em pty sp ray cans found near a se ­ cluded sn iffin g site p o p u lar a m o n g North Side youngsters 
— - Staff Photo by H. M . Dean 
Jr. 

:■**? ^ -rn**-- 
FO UR-year-old Isaac Blair drops into arm s of an FBI agent 
Ap wirephoto 

 t - Uh 4, .-ii i - si® 
Inside the Express-News 

Action Express ...........................9C 
A rts.......................................Magazine 
B usiness.............................. Section G 
Classified............................ Section D 
Deaths............................................. US 
Dedication R ew arded 
12C 
Editorials.......................................... 6H 
Horoscope.........................................SF 
M o v ies................................ Magazine 
P olitics.............................................. 4H 
Chuckle 

If opportunity came in the form of temptation, knocking once would be enough. 

I ll TH YEAR NO. 65 

Soap O p eras.....................................6C 
Sports................................. Section S 
W eather...........................................26D 
COLUMNISTS 
Ann Landers.................................... SF 
Dan C ook......................................... 2S 
Dan K lepper................................ IQS 
Dear A bby................................. 6F 
Jack Anderson................................6H 
Paul Thom pson.............................. 3A 

1 o.m. 
2 a m. 
3 a.m. 
4 a m. 
5 a.m. 
6 a.m. 
7 a.m. 
8 a m. 

Pygmies endangered species 

MALIBU, Calif. — Pygmies, a. small, ancient, nomadic people found mainly in equatorial Afri­ ca, have been placed on the en­ dangered species list. 
Pygm ies live mainly in the Ituri 
Forest of eastern Zaire. 
But until the Zaire war thrust them 
■into the limelight, the tiny Pygmies had been content to be left alone, .se­ cure in their tropical rain forest homes and uncorrupted by the advance of 
Western civilization. 

Renee flunks test sex-o, sex-O, sex-o 

Evel Knievel contest starts 

A S S O C IA T E D PRESS 
ROME — Dr. Renee Richards failed a sex test Saturday and was declared ineligible to com­ pete in the women’s ranks of the 
Italian tennis open, the Italian 
Tennis Federation said. 

The 41-year-old A m erican tennis player, formerly Dr, Richard Raskind before undergoing a sex-change oper­ ation, had agreed to undergo the exam, a saliva examination called the Barr- 
Bodv test used to determine eligibility in the Olympic Games. 
“ I’m totally taken by surprise,” the 
Newport Beach, Calif., player said after learning the test results, noting 

 she scored zero while on similar tests had received a rating of 25, with 2o needed to pass. 

She also pointed out that her ap­ plication to play had originally been accepted by the Italian tournam ent organizers. 
Miss Richards said she hoped to compete in the Paris Open, next on the tournament schedule, and would take the test again if required. 
The test was conducted by specialists from the U niversity of 
Rome on the eve of the opening of the 
Italian tournament. 
Miss Richards has played in several tournaments in the United States but the International Lawn Tennis Feder­ ation had demanded that she submit to an examination here before being al­ lowed to play. 
With the Italian tournament opening 
Sunday, Miss Richards said she had no recourse left but hoped to be ruled eligible for the P a ris Open. 

Children up to 12 years will be able to show off th eir skills with an Evel 
Knievel Stunt Cycle May 28 and possi­ bly win a 3-day trip to New Orleans to meet the cycle hero at the world pre­ miere of his movie, “ Viva Knievel.” 
T hat’s the grand prize in the new 
Evel Knievel Stunt Cycle Contest being sponsored by the Express-News, Ideal 
Toys and Warner Brothers Pictures in cooperation with Cine Cinco, Fox Cen­ tral Theater and UA Movies 4. 
The trip is for the contest winner and one parent. It includes attending a prem iere party with Knievel, lunch with the star, sightseeing tours and first peek at Knievel’s new movie. 
Other prizes in the contest include ideal toys, Evel Knievel posters, t- shirts, and movie passes for the entire summer. 
• Full details and entry form are on 
 contest is May 25. 

A 

Lawns* Beauty 
NURSERY m 
865o Bandera Road 

King’s father gives up right to Spanish throne 

HEW Secretary Joseph Califano, wearing a necktie which bears the warning required on cigarette packages, prepares to testify on hospital costs before a joint meeting of two House subcommittees. Califano quit smoking cigarets in 1975 
Women drivers send feminist 
"up the wall, around the bend’ 

St. Augustine (Carpet) 
A 
"V C 
GR ASS. . .fU Ll P A IL E T 
V # sq. yd 
LESS THAN A FULL PALLET...................... 
1 . 1 7 sq. rd 
(W eath er Permitting) 

Complete inventory of shrubs, trees A H a rdlin e*. 

2 o % D i s c o u n t e d 

COMPUTE H D I M i M l PRODUCTS AVAILABLE. 

TREES 
PLANTS 
SHRUBS 
SEEDS 

Come Visit Our Complete 6 
Acre 
Garden 
Center with everyday “ FARM TO Y O U " 
PRICES And SAVE!! 

OPEN Daily 8-7 P.M. 
684-211o 

H 
$on Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS—-Sunda.y May 15 I 977 
Army chief wants G.I. 
Bill revived 

NEW Y O M TIMES SERVICE 

Don Juan de Bor bon y 
Battenberg, father of 
King Juan Carlos, Sa­ turday form ally re n ­ ounced his rights to the 
Spanish throne, ending a long saga of un cer­ tainty surrounding the monarchy. 
Wallace may run for Senate 

During an intim ate ceremony at his son’s 
Zarzuela palace outside 
Madrid, the 63-year-old 
Count of Barcelona, who flattered, cajoled and vaguely menaced the late Generalissimo 
Francisco Franco in a vain effort • to get the dictator to recognize his right to be king of 
Spain, relinquished it to 

 his 39-year-old son. the throne by his seif- 
The renunciation by exiled father in Home in the count, who was 
1941, was not a s u r­ named lawful heir to prise. 
She’s ready for a rest 

Kaye F u lle r, 38-year-old m o th er of nine, received her diploma from the University of Ne- braska-Lincoln Saturday. Her immediate goal? A year of rest. 
In the last seven years, she finished high school, started college, her husband died and she became a grandmother of two. 

Gov. George C. Wal­ lace apparently plans to seek the U .S.Senate seat now held by John 
Sparkm an, who is ex­ pected to retire at the end of his current term. 
Records in the Alaba­ ma secretary of state's office list Wallace as a candidate and his press aides, Billy Joe Camp and Elvin Stanton, as campaign officers. 

Maureen Colquhoun, a self- styled feminist and Member of Bri­ tain’s Parliament, admitted Satur­ day that women drivers “ send me up the wall and around the bend.” 

They do make the most silly mis­ takes,’’ she added. “ It is about time 
, they pulled themselves together and 

 decided to drive more like men. 
Mrs. Colquhoun, a Laborite for 
Northampton, was commenting on a Friday report by the Transport and Road Research Laboratory that women drivers tended to have more accidents than men, were more ea­ sily distracted and more likely to be careless. 

THE REV. Thomas Holahan Jr., left, gives communion to an unidentified nun as his father, the Rev. Thomas Holahan Sr., looks on Saturday, following the younger Holahan’s ordination into the priesthood at New York’s St. Paul the Apostle Church. 
The elder Holahan, 52, entered the priesthood following the death of his wife, after his son was raised. — AP Wirephoto 

WASHINGTON - Secretary of the Army Clifford Alexander says that he hopes to restore GI Bill education benefits as a recruiting incentive for the voluntary military system. 

Alexander, in an interview, said that restoration of GI education benefits would serve society as well as recruits. 
He said that the Defense Department had not yet worked out the exact costs of a new* GI Bill, which must meet the approval of Congress. 
“We’ve got a responsibility to socie­ ty, along with our primary mission of having a ready force,” Alexander said. 
“ The fundamental premise of pro­ viding money for the Army to offer more education in the service, as well as outside, makes a lot of sense. ” 
Incentive 

He said educational benefits would serve as an “ important incentive,” in overcoming potential manpower prob­ lems. Beyond this, he said, the addi­ tional education would benefit veterans who m ight not otherw ise have the money to attend college. 
Among the options under discussion is one that provides free education benefits for one year to soldiers who have volunteered for one hitch, and free college tuition for three years to those who have stayed two terms in the 
Army. 
“ We should encourage as many sen­ sible education programs as possible, ” the secretary said. 
Congress stopped after-discharge education benefits for anyone who en­ tered the military after last Dec. 31, citing costs as a reason. 
Alexander is the first black secre­ tary of the Army. He brushed aside criticism — some of it from black spokesmen — that the present 22 per cent level of blacks in the Army was lopsided and somehow wrong. 
“ I d o n ’t worry about it at a ll,” 
Alexander said. “ The black perception is that opportunities aren’t as good out there (in civilian life). They see an opportunity, more of a chance of fair­ ness in the Army.” 
Black problem 

Alexander indicated that some white people viewed the issue of blacks in the 
Army as a “ problem, because there was an unstated fear about black sol­ diers returning to civilian life and turning militant, even violent. 
“ Some people think ifs a problem for some very unhealthy reasons,” he said. “ I don’t see it as a problem at all.” 
Alexander said that the number of blacks in the 775,ooo-member Army had increased significantly in recent years, especially officers. 
A total of 6 per cent of Army officers are now black, together with 17 per cent of the service’s enlisted person­ nel. 
Alexander said he was especially delighted that 2o per cent of the Re­ serve Officer Training Corps’ candi­ dates were black. 

VA boss also backs benefits 

WASHINGTON (AP) - Max Cleland, head of the Veterans Administration, recommends a federal laon program for veterans who return to school should be continued. 
The program, which former Presi­ dent Gerald R.Ford wanted to stop, provides low-interest federal loans up to $1,5oo an academic year. 
Some 8,251 loans were granted under the program from Oct. I to April 3o, 
Cleland said. The VA estimates more than one million persons will be en­ rolled in the program next fall. 
Cleland also recommended to the 
House Veterans Affairs Committee that veterans and dependents going to school under the GI Bill receive a 5 per cent increase in monthly allowances effective Oct. I. 
The committee is considering a bill that would provide a 5.1 per cent in­ crease and cost $6oo million. 
Beginning next month, payments under the GI Bill will be made at the end of the month instead of the begin­ ning to discourage veterans from re­ ceiving first-of-the-month payments and then dropping out of school and failing to return the money. 
Capito I Hill gam bler slain 

WASHINGTON POST SERVICE 
WASHINGTON - Alexis Ahmad 
Goodarzinia, the murdered maitre d’ hotel of a popular Capitol Hill restaur­ ant, was depicted by homicide inves­ tigators and associates as a profes­ sional gambler who carried huge amounts of cash and frequently placed bets and procured women for senators and congressmen he met through his job. 
Friends of Goodarzinia. whose body was found early Thursday morning inside his Porsche with two gunshot wounds in his head, said he would bet on alm ost anything, p a rtic u la rly sporting events. He had his own bookie and often bet with some members of 
Congress and other customers who dined at the Rotunda restaurant where he worked, according to these ac­ counts. 
Police and associates said 
Goodarzinia, 36, who had worked at the 
Rotunda for more than IO years and 

 earned more than $5oo a week in salary and tips, placed bets for other people. 
He was not, however, a bookie, they said. 
Goodarzinia owned a 1968 Porsche and a customized Aston Martin. 
Saved $5o,ooo 
He had invested in another restaur­ ant and had managed to save about 
$5o,ooo so that he could open a res- t intr Ant of his own. He also owned a condominium, and the car with his body inside was parked in front of that building. 
But Goodarzinia’s gam bling acti­ vities caused him some problems at work and were a source of personal discomfort to him when confronted with the teachings of the Islamic faith he tried to follow. 
Al Prati, co-owner of the Rotunda, said he fired the m aitre d ’ for a three-month period about nine months ago because “ I didn't like all this crap 

 on the telephone . . . someone would call him about games. It was getting awfully involved.” He later rehired 
Goodarzinia when the maitre d ’ agreed to curtail his gambling activities on the job. 
“ He was always looking for a quick deal, he enjoyed making money for the sake of it,” Prati said. Prati also re­ called that Goodarzinia had invested in the stock m ark et but never talked about the money he lost when the market turned bad a few years ago. 
Secretive 

A naturalized American who came to the United States from Iran in the late 
195os, Goodarzinia was described as being friendly and outgoing but some* what secretive about his personal life. 
Once married briefly, he dated and knew many attractive women. 
“They were good-looking girls — he didn’t m ess a ro u n d ,” said Adolph 

Spagnoli, Rotunda’s bartender. “ They cam e in here, m odels, Capitol Hill girls, airline stew ardesses, govern­ ment girls, nice girls all of them — clean cut.” 
A close associate of Goodarzinia said 
Friday, however, that some of the wo­ men he knew were call girls whom 
Goodarzinia often introduced to the businessmen, senators and congress­ men he had gotten to know well as a maitre d’. 
Despite emphatic denials from Pra­ ti, several Capitol Hill sources said it was commonly believed Goodarzinia arrang ed sexual liaisons for some m em bers of Congress and their top aides. 
An adm inistrative assistant to a 
House member said he once called 
Goodarzinia at the Rotunda one night and asked him to arrang e “ a date” with a $1oo prostitute the aide had met at the restaurant’s bar. 

“ It’s my policy not to have them 
(prostitutes) here,” said Prati, who conceded there “ may have been an isolated incident but it’s not the policy of this place. We chase them out if they come in.” 

Goodarzinia’s slaying has rekindled talk of possible gambling and illicit sexual activity on Capitol Hill that could involve prominent legislators, key aides, lobbyists and other Hill ha- bityes. 

Such activity first surfaced publicly when Elizabeth Ray revealed she had been placed on the government payroll only because she was form er Rep. 
Wayne Hays’ mistress. 

Police and the D.C. m edical ex­ am iner have said Goodarzinia’s slay­ ing appeared to be a “ professional killing.” He was shot twice in the left side of his head. 

FORMALLY SPEAKING — LORD WEST is social security at its very best. The summer formal jacket with shawl collar, center vented, in a nubby shantung look. Rayon and silk blend, natural or white, $125. 

 v 'v v .'.v W :■; 

4 H 1 M cCu l l o u g h 
H O U STO N ST. AT BROADWAY 

DOWNTOWN 9:3o TO 5:3o MON THRU SAT 
PARKING BEHIND DOWNFOWN STORE, pmcus 

 m ™ m D onv 
SUBURBAN 9:3o TO 6.oo MON. THRU SAT. 
AIL MAJOR CREDIT CARDS HONORED 

MIT ma unhappy with coed sexual chart 

CAMBRIDGE, Mass. (AP) - Two coeds have created a campus furor by publishing a “ Consumer 
Guide to MIT Men” in which they rated the sexual performance of 36 male students by name, awarding each from four stars to none. 
Massachusetts Institute of Technology President 
Jerome Wiesner has denounced the guide, which appeared last month as a full-page article in the student newspaper “Thursday.” 
More than 2oo MIT students have signed a petition protesting the article as a “ very cruel commentary on a very sensitive issue.” 
The story, illustrated with a cartoon of a naked couple, rates the men downward from four stars to no stars, and includes descriptions of their tech­ nique, physical attributes and personal hygiene. 
It was written by Roxanne Ritchie and Susan 
Gilbert, both MIT juniors who are not on the new­ spaper staff. The women said they based the ratings on personal experience. 

How women feel 

Miss Ritchie said that her intent was to show' how women feel when “expected to perform for men.” 
Wiesner called the article “ extraordinarily offen­ sive and a gross violation of our norms of taste and of regard for privacy.” Writing in “ Tech Talk,” the administration newspaper, he said the article has prompted the university to review the status of 
“Thursday” as a recognized student activity. 
Miss Ritchie said publication of the story has earned her obscene telephone calls, a dousing with beer at a party and threats of gang rape. She said two copies of the story in the accredited newspaper had been sent to Miss Gilbert’s parents. 
“ I tried to contact all the people on the list to apologize for it being in print and to say ‘that’s not what was important to me when I was with you,’ ” said Miss Ritchie. 
Apology 

“ Thursday,” one of three campus newspapers, issued an editorial apology May 5 to “ all those whose names were used without their knowledge or per­ mission.” But the newspaper added “ it will not be censored by anyone at any time.” 
Editor John Roselli said ‘Thursday’ has been “ a thorn in the side of MIT for nine years and they are looking for an excuse to get rid of it.” 
MIT spokesm an Robert Byers refused to say whether disciplinary measures were contemplated or under way, explaining that school policy forbids publicizing such measures. Byers said he was not aware of any legal action having been taken by those men m entioned on the sexual re p o rt card. 

Big oilfield found off southern Mexico 

ROXANNE RITCHIE 

Defends quality 

Alexander sternly defended the qua­ lity of the volunteer army, and said it was a virtual bargain for taxpayers. 
“ The volunteer Army is cheaper than a draft Army because we can avoid the internal turmoil that could be created if there was a draft,” he said. 
He said the volunteer army — which began in 1973 when the draft ended — cost $4o million less than the draft 
Army because of reduced turnover costs, as well as less spending on training, equipping and transporting of recruits. 
At the same time, he said, the Army has recorded substantial reduction in the number of absences without leave, desertions, courts-maritial and less than honorable discharges. 
“ The costliness issue of the volun­ teer Army is a red herring, Alexander said. “ It doesn’t make any sense.” 

MEXICO CITY (AP) - 
A large new oilfield has been discovered off the shores of southern Mexi­ co, further boosting the country’s already big na­ tural fuel reserves, the 
Mexican petroleum mon­ opoly Pemex reports. 
A Pem ex statem ent said a test well in the new field located in the Gulf of Mexico off the coast of 
Campeche State started producing 2,ooo barrels of crude oil a day natur­ ally, without the use of special pumping devices. 
Oilmen consider a well producting 1,5oo barrels daily high. 
Mexico has proven crude oil reserves of ll billion barrels, but over­ all possible gross re- 
Attack fatal to columnist 
NEW YORK (AP) - 
Syndicated columnist 
Dorothy Ritz died of a heart attack at her Man­ hattan apartment Satur­ day. She was 68. 
Miss 
Ritz wrote a weekly consumer affairs column that was carried in m ore than 5o new­ spapers. 

 serves are estimated as high as 6o billion barrels 
— which would make it one of the world’s biggest producers. 
Most of the new re ­ serves are the result of new finds made in the southern part of the country during the last four years. 
The country is expect­ ed to produce between 2 and 2.5 million barrels a day in the 198os or twice 

 current production, with exports possibly amount­ ing to I million barrels. 
Chiapas and Tabasco 
States have turned out to be unusually rich in hy­ drocarbons — crude oil and natural gas — and 
Pemex said the new field is located 
13 to IOO m eters deep offshore where seism ological studies show the exis­ tence of at least 6o new oilbearing structures. 

 k t 
4 
4 

PAU! 
THOMPSON 
D on’t let loose Baby Oscar—, 

If there was any one thing slippery 
Oscar 
Wyatt of Coastal States feared and detested the most last year, it was San 
Antonio’s rock-ribbed lawsuit against his-gas empire. 

That’s why he engaged such an awesome array of attorneys, including three top local firms, to go into court and quibble over min­ utiae once the suit was filed. 
Of all 
Oscar’s litigating customers, only San Antonio had a gas case loaded with elements of 
“ fraud and conspiracy’’ to drop on 
Coastal itself, as opposed to satellite 
Lo-Vaca. 

“ Big O’’ Wyatt knew he couldn’t fade the showdown on those basics, so his fancy pants mouthpieces filled the courtroom air with drips and driblets for three months on a side issue-the “ plea of privilege” by Coastal to be heard in its home county of Harris. 

And 166th Dist. Judge Peter Mi­ chael Curry was wondrously indul­ gent day after day while Oscar’s lawyers went howling off into ora­ torical pomposities and wild tan­ gents that any St. M ary’s Law 
School sophomore would have seen as so much nonsense. 

Inevitably, thanks to this idiotic rigmarole, city leaders and the public at large got the message Os­ car Wyatt wished to convey — the futility of trying to pursue him in court. 

A “ bottom line" settlement offer then was tendered to Coastal States, after which Wyatt and his legal flunkies went through the motions of resisting what they wanted everyone to believe were outrageous demands by city-CPS leaders. 

And finally, amidst rejoicing at 
City Hall that was hard to believe, 
Oscar baby went for the deal. 

It was officially dubbed “ an agreement in principle” with the slick little gas boss who was pledged to move Lo-Vaca HQ to San 
Antonio, help us find new subter­ ranean gas deposits, pay over to us great sums of money, among other goodies. 

For some reason, even though 
Oscar Wyatt had previously run out on a binding legal gas contract with 
San Antonio, our leadership to a man was of the opinion he would 

 honor this non-binding “agreement in principle.” 

No one at City Hall so much as wondered aloud where the “ honor” and the “ principle” were supposed to come from. 

The predictable results are with us today — nothing delivered, no one served, and Mr. Wyatt’s surro­ gates talking as if there’s really no out-of-court agreement at all. 

Only last Friday, long-time Wyatt friend and business associate Mor­ ris Jaffe came right out and said 
Coastal has a clear legal advantage over the city now and is “ naturally” ready to revamp its settlement package. 

Jaffe urged San Antonio to cut itself loose from other Coastal customers who are dragging their feet on settlement and begin dick­ ering with Oscar Wyatt one-on-one. 

“ Getting Lo-Vaca down here is the thing San Antonio ought to fight for,” Jaffe was quoted. “ As far as the other stuff goes. I’ve traded with Wyatt for 25 years, and I ve found that if you let him make the deal you don’t get burned. He knows the energy business backward and forward. You aren’t going to beat him at the bargaining table.” 

In short, if the words mean what they seem to mean, city leaders should approach arrogant little Os­ car Wyatt hat in hand, throw them­ selves on his mercy and then let him call the turn 

But is it possible Jaffe wore a straight face when he dropped the line about Oscar, given his own head, never burning anyone? 
“ Sounds to me,” says one City Hall insider, “ as though Mr. Jaffe if asked might personally volunteer to lead us into the lion’s mouth.” 

Industrialist 
Jaffe aside, the real shocker came when Council­ man Henry Cisneros, most adamant of all W'vatt critics for two long years, let on that separate negotia­ tions with Coastal might indeed be one of two viable city alternatives. 

Cisneros’ second course of action made more sense: "If Coastal backs off on any item in the settlement package, go back into court imme­ diately!” 

Surely Mayor Lila Cockrell, once she perceives that Mr. Wyatt is running again, would go along there. 

As indicated earlier, the one thing 
Oscar baby fears and detests most is a grand slam, non-negotiable and relentlessly pursued lawsuit aimed at the very heart and core of his whole sprawling gas empire. 
58oth crash victim dies 

The sixth survivor of the world’s worst air disaster died overnight, a spokesman for 
Brooke Army Medical Center said Saturday. 

Mary K. Hess, 36. of Phoenix, Ariz., died at 1o:55 p.m. Friday from severe burns she received in the collision ol two 747 airliners at Tenerife, Canary 
Islands, March 27. 
Her husband, Richard Hess, another survivor of the Tenerife disaster, asked announcement of her death be withheld until other family members could be notified, the hospital spokes­ man said. 

One of 14 

Mrs. Bess was one of 14 burned sur­ vivors airlifted to Brooke March 3o foi treatment at the world famous U. S. 
Army Institute for Surgical Research burn treatment center. 
Two survivors, Jean D. Brown, 58, of 
Laguna Hills, Calif., and Marianne 
Jakoubek, 7o, of V'isalia, Calif., remain hospitalized in very serious condition at the burn center. 

'Spirit of S.A.’ finally is off 

By SARA MARTINEZ 
San Antonio’s “Lone Eagle’’ is off — on a roll of duet tape and a can of fiberglass. 

Attorney Phil Hardberger’s “ Spirit cif San Antonio” took off for Paris at 
11:27 a m. Saturday from Stinson 
Field, about 5^ hours after his scheduled departure time. 
After patching the tank 

Sunday kicks o ff big w eek 

Unofficial events Sunday leading into Armed Forces Week in San An­ tonio include a citywide exchange of pulpits by military chaplains and civi­ lian clergy and the Ft. Sam Houston 
Hobby Festival from noon to 6 p.m. at 
Road Runner Recreation Center. 
H ardberger hugs daughter 
Amy. . . and finally lifts off on his w ay to Paris 
Gonzalez asks fo r urban Job 
Corps center in San Antonio 

SPECIAL TO THE EXPRESS NEW S 
WASHINGTON - U.S. Rep. Henry 
B. Gonzalez asked the secretary of labor Saturday to place an urban Job 
Corps training center in San Antonio. it pays 

By BEN KING Jr. 
By applying a touch of lipstick and a daub of rouge, rock gui­ tarist 
Punky 
Meadows is achieving the 197os version of the American success story. 

Sort of an Horatio Alger with a limp wrist, Meadows is on the way to be becoming a millionaire by capitalizing on a “ beautiful” image that calls for him to carry a complete make-up kit. 
Meadows and his collages in the rock group Angel showed off their hair-dos and satin costumes Friday night before an enthusiastic audience of teen-age fans in Municpal Auditor­ ium. 
The key to the group’s success is that it had a better idea. 
Most rock groups are currently try­ ing to personify the punk image by looking like they were scraped off the street and handed elecfric guitars. 
But ask Meadows what he thinks of the punk look and he’ll recoil like a five-year-old girl being handed a slimy bull frog. 
‘Our beauty’ 
“ We’ve always prided ourselves on our beauty,” Meadows said, while getting ready for the concert in his backstage dressing room. 
Taking care not to leave any tacky make-up lines on his face, he added,* 
“ We’re all naturally good-looking guys.” 
As if to prove his point Meadows goes, “ Mwah, mwah, mwah,” while puckering his lips towards the photo­ grapher’s lens. 
Across the hall, the group’s key­ board player, Greg Guiffra, was hav­ ing a slight problem getting his Farrah 
Fawcett-Majors style hair-do to act right, despite several applications of hair spray. 
Explaining the importance of make-up to the group’s success, Mea­ dows said, “ The public wants you to put out. The kids want a show they can really dig.” 
However, Meadows and the group’s bassist, Mickle Jones added that try­ ing to look beautiful on the stage used to cause them some problems. 
In bars 
“ Until 1975 we were just playing in bars around Washington D. C. getting no place. 
“ Back then Punky and I wore make-up on stage, but we had troubles with the other guys in the bands we played with because they wouldn’t,” 
Jones explained. 
In between applying strokes of eye liner, Meadows added, “ They were just closed minded about the whole 

‘MWAH!’ 

 thing.” 
By 1975, though, the pair had found three other like-minded musicians and within a few months Angel was formed and had signed a contract with Casab­ lanca Records. 

In a letter to Labor Secretary F. Ray 
Marshall, Gonzalez wrote, “ San An­ tonio confronts a number of diffi­ culties, but among the most severe is a lack of alternatives for young people pretty 

Despite his impending fortune, does 
Meadows have any qualms about the lengths he’s gone to make a dollar? 
“ The theatrics and make-up have always been something I ’ve like and wanted to do,” he said. 
However, both Meadows and Jones emphasize they are neither bisexuals nor homosexuals. 
“ IT I admit when I put on the make-up I get into a sort of bisexual fantasy, but that’s as far as it goes,” 
Meadows said. 
“ And for the people that get upset about it I don’t give an (expletive de­ leted). 
So there 
And while the make-up is just part of a fantasy, the 26-year-old musician admits he wouldn’t have gotten this far without knowing how to handle an eyebrow liner. 
“ We’re good enough musicians, but the music isn’t that great that it would be enough if we didn’t have something to go along with it,” said the pencil- thin rock star. 

 who have not completed high school or who want technical or vocational training. 

“ An urban Job Corps Center would offer an effective and attractive alter­ native for these young people.” 

Gonzalez told Marshall a San Anton­ io location would serve the very large number of youngsters in the city who have left school or find regular school programs unattractive. 
“ San Antonio is close to a number of other cities with similar problems,” 
Gonzalez wrote. “ The official rate of unemployment in San Antonio is well above the state average. 

“ And, of course, teenage unemploy­ ment is at Depression levels. 

Gonzalez asked Marshall to carefully assess San Antonio’s needs and place a center there when the Job Corps ex­ pands. 

‘Very effective’ 

“ I believe the Job Corps has become a mature and very effective instru­ ment to help young people. 
“ I believe there are very few things the federal government can offer that would do more good, where the grea­ test need exists, than to open an urban center in San Antonio,” Gonzalez wrote. 
A spokesman in Gonzalez’ office said the San Antonio center would be in addition to the existing Job Corps 
Center at San Marcos. 
Sunday ideas 

Punky M eadow s, above, show s off his eye liner as Grog Gusffria 
(inset) touches his up. Below, the ga n g's all ready. Is the audience? 
— Staff Photos by H.M. Dean Jr. 

 t i - f : 
"'V* 

*H r n . 

.•••*. V " . - 
■■-‘i t 
' \ .< 

Indoors, 
„ outdoors, all around the River City 

(Free events, unless otherwise indicat­ ed, for you and your family today.) 
R E C IT A L — 
Pianists Leticia Austria and Stephen Krahn at 8 p rn in the Ruth 
Taylor Concert Hall at Trinity University. 
T A R D E A D A — 
Knights of Columbus’ annual tardeada from 2 to 9 p rn at 
Espada Mission 
F E S T I V A L — 
Beethoven M aenner- chor’s traditional Germ an Festival at 5 p.m. at 422 Pereida St 
W ALK-A-TH O N — 
Jew ish Community 
C enter’s walk-a-thon and festival cele­ brating Israel’s independence at ll a m at the Jewish Social Service Federation, 
8434 Ahern Drive . Festival follows at the center, 1o3 W Ram part Drive 
C O N C E R T — 
Parks and Recreation 
Department's Tempo 77 featuring Overlin 
M ier from 2 to 4 p rn at Brackenridge 
Park's Sunken Gardens 
F E S T IV A L - 
St M a ry’s Church and 
School's annual Spring Festival from ll a rn to ll p rn at Comanche Park No 2. 
Barbeque dinner $2 a plate 
V O L L E Y B A L L — 
Media personalities volleyball tournament to raise funds for 
Muscular Dystrophy Association from IO a rn to 8 p rn at M am a’s Restaurant A SI donation accepted at door 
B IK E-A-TH O N - 
Leukemia Society of 
A m e rica’s bike-a-thon on Jones-Malts- berger Road in McAllister Park. 
M O TO -CRO SS — Parks and Recreation 
Departm ent's bicycle moto-cross race from IO a rn to 2 p rn in Olmos Park. 
Entry fee is $2. 
F E S T IV A L — 
Catholic W ar Veterans’ annual festival from noon to ll pm at 
Pablo's Grove Barbeque chicken plate is 
$2.25 
F E S T I V A L — 
C hurch of the Holy 
Spirit's . festival and arts and crafts show from noon to 8 p rn on the ch u rch grounds, Blanco and Ramsey Roads 
Police recover marijuana cache 

CHILLIWACK, British Columbia 
(AP) — Police have made what is regarded as the biggest marijuana seizure in Canadian history — 2.5 tons found in a .septic tank buried on a farm, Royal Canadian Mounted Police say. 

F IE S T A — 
Parks and Recreation and 
M ark et Sq u are D ep artm en t's Fie sta starting at IO a rn in Farm ers Market 
H O B B Y F E S T IV A L — 
Ft Sam Hous­ ton's 2oth annual Hobby Festival from noon to 6 p rn at the Road Runner 
Recreation Center, Stanley and Schofield 
Roads. 
G A R D E N A R T S H O W — 
Coppini 
Academ y of Fine A rts’ annual Spring 
Garden Art Show from I to 6 p rn at 115 
Melrose Place 
T H E A T E R 
— 
C hurch 
T h e a t e r s 
"Private Lives" at 3 p rn Tickets are $4 at the theater, 115o A Alamo St 
C O N C E R T — 
Victoria’s annual Bach 
Festival at the First Presbyterian Church in Victoria. 
A R T 
S H O W — 
San A ntonio A rt 
Institute’s Spring Art Fair from i to 5 p.m. at the M cNay Museum. 
C O N C E R T — 
The Chamber Arts En semble at 7 p rn in Southwest Texas State 
University’s Fine Arts Auditorium in San 
Marcos Admission is Si for the general public 
F L E A M A R K E T — Trinkets, Treasures and Trash Sale at the Kendall County 
Fair Grounds from IO a rn to 6 p rn 

T H E A T E R — 
M elodram a Theater's 
"The Blackguard of Blackrock" at 6:15 p.m. Tickets are $3 for adults and $2 for children under 12. 
P L A Y — 
"M iss Ju lie " at St Phil Col lege at 8 p rn Tickets are $3. 

The flight from San Antonio to Paris is to celebrate the 5oth anniversary of 
Charles A. Lindbergh’s historic flight. 
Hardberger’s delay was caused by two leaks in one of the three additional gas tanks he had built and installed to increase his airplane’s fuel capacity by 
HO gallons. 
“ They (the gas tanks) just weren’t built very well — honestly,” Hard­ berger said. A company in Ft. Lau­ derdale, Fla., built and installed the tanks for about $1,ooo early this week. 
The aft tank — the one in the back seat — sprang two leaks Friday night. 
But Ray Farley, a legal investigator in 
Hardberger’s office, applied a putty­ like fiberglass to seal them. 
Two leaks 

When the plane, a 1976 Bellanea 
Viking, was fueled at 5:45 a m. Satur­ day, two leaks sprang up in the for­ ward tank —- the one in the seat next to the pilot. 
When the leaks were discovered, th** plane had to be de-fueled and the tanks removed. The tanks were then dried before the sealing process started. 
To plug a leak, Hardberger, his wife 
Linda and Farley applied a thermo­ setting fiberglass. Thermo-setting in­ sures the compound will generate en­ ough heat to set itself. 
Since it takes eight hours for the fiberglass to set, Hardberger could not use the gas tanks on the first leg of his trip —■ San Antonio to New York City. 
“ Every spot that is welded on those tanks is a potential leak,” Hardberger said. 
Although the fiberglass is self-set­ ting, the duct tape was placed over the setting putty so Farley and Hard­ berger could handle the tanks. 
Sticky blackness 

“ We also didn’t want to get the sticky blackness all over the plane's interior,” Farley said. 
With the decreased fuel capacity, * 
Hardberger will have to make two stops before he reaches New York City. ; 
The stops will make the flight about ll) hours long. 
“ I ’ll fill the gas tanks up tonight in - 
New York. If they leak overnight, I won't be able to use them, Hardberger * said. 
“ But I ’ll still go. I may not make it • by the 21st (which is Lindbergh’s actual landing anniversary). I may not even get off by the 21st.” 
Should the tanks leak overnight, 
Hardberger will stay in New York until; he can get new gas tanks built. 
“ Hopefully they won’t leak over-; night,” Hardberger said. “ But e v e r­ ything is all right. I am still on I schedule.” 
If Hardberger does not make it to! 
New York Saturday night, he will* make up the time Sunday. He had only2 planned to fly five hours Sunday be-; cause he could not get his Canadian —- transatlantic — clearance until Mon-; day morning. 
At 11:2o a.m., the sun broke through; momentarily as Hardberger finally • slammed the airplane door shut. 
At 11:27 a.m., the “ Lone Eagle” was on his way, duct tape, fiberglass and I all. 

 fanner Classic 

Our snowy white 

 dacron /cotton short sleeved 

 blouse pertly piped in red, 

 yellow, green, or navy. 

Monogram the collar for a 

 perfect gift. Sizes 6 to 16, 
16.oo 
FUE HARRIS SHOP 
FOR PENDLETON 

N. New Braunfels Ave. 
828-2876 
MasterCharge and BankAmericard Accepted. 

«t 
'# 
H 

San Antonio E X P R E SS-N EW S— Sunday M a y I 5 I 9 7 7 

 ll'ii ,i iJSSissa 
|Wi- tMH 
, * 

V y*" 

» 
I 
'*,{ •» A f 1® # . , 

ONE WEEK ONLY! 
SIMMONS 
BEDDING 
SALE! 

Special low prices on Simmons 

Normal Firm and Extra Firm bedding! 

IN STOCK, READY FOR IMMEDIATE DELIVERY! 
ASK ABOUT OUR CONVENIENT MAJOR PURCHASE BUDGET PLAN! 

W *P 

» i 
/ n 

£ 3 

Twin or full size extra firm, ea. pc........................................... 79.oo 
Queen or king size. each piece 
89oo 
Normal firm mattress or 

 box springs, ea. pc. 
Sold in sets only 

Queen or king size extra firm, sold in sets only. Ea. pc................. 119.oo 

This week only, enjoy low sale prices on Simmons Normal Firm and Extra Firm bedding! Features multi-coil innersprings with firm border wire construction that gives you edge-to-edge sleeping comfort. 
Has deeply quilted floral print cot­ ton cover. Matching heavy duty box springs give you superb com­ fort and d u rab ility . B ed d in g, 
Downtown, North Star, Windsor 
Park, Las Palmas, Austin. 

JOSH E’S 

H A UNIT OF ALLIED STORES 
SHOP ALL STORES MONDAY IO 'TIL 9! 

Plug is pulled, 
Corpus man dies 

LAWTON. Okla 
(AP) 
— A Ft, Sill soldier from 
Corpus Christi died at an 
Oklahoma City hospital after his life support ma­ chine was disconnected, authorities announced 
Saturday. 
.Spec, 4 George Pizeno, 
21, was severely beaten in a Lawton tavern Tues­ day night. 

While the machine kept him breathing, debate arose whether Pizeno was legally dead and authorities declined to file m urder ch arges against two suspects in the beating. 
But Comanche County authorities now say murder charges are ex­ pected next week against 
Oscar Pena Gallegos, 29, and Eddie Guzzman Jr., 
22, both of 
Lawton, reportedly members of a m otorcycle gan g. The two originally were charged with assault and battery with intent to kill. 

Special Ju d g e Keith 
Aycock has scheduled preliminary hearings for 
July 6. The suspects were being held in Comanche 
County Ja il in lieu of 
15o,ooo bond each. 

The life-support m a­ chine was disconnected 
Friday after Pizeno’s relatives arrived at the 

Choir tour 

DENTON (AP) - The 
5o - member Texas Wo­ man’s University concert choir is to leave Thurs­ day on a two-week con­ cert tour of Rumania. 

 hospital, authorities said. 
The soldier was breath­ ing with the help of the machine, but his brain was not functioning, they said. 
Pizeno was beaten up 
Tuesday night at the 

Delux Lounge in an ap­ parent racial incident. 
Police said Pizeno was at the tavern with a black soldier and Gallegos and 
Guzman reportedly began h arrassin g the soldiers. 

Lau'ton 
D etective 
Robert Schulte said wit­ nesses reported Gallegos and Guzman beat Pizeno with their fists and slammed his head repea­ tedly into a table and a steel pole. 

S U W r r f T 
PAUL HIGHTOWER reviews scrapbooks of Lindy 
S. A. man remembers his buddy, Charles Lindbergh 

By VICKIE 
DAVIDSON 
The first time J. Paul 
Hightower saw Charles 
Lindbergh, the lanky fly­ ing ace tapped him on the shoulder to make Hight­ ower lieutenant of the flying cadets. 

“ I’d never heard of him before, but I heard of him every day after that,” recounts the now- white-haired Hightower, who lives in San Antonio. 
‘‘I heard what a great flier he was. He could fly loops, he could fly sideways, he outflew all the instructors,” Hight­ ower recalls. 
Hightower and Lind­ bergh grew to become buddies during those days in 1924 when both were students at the U.S. 
Davis faces new trial in Amarillo 

FORT 
WORTH 
(AP) — It’s official. The capital m urder trial of multimillionaire Cullen 
Davis will start over in 
Amarillo. 
Dist. Judge Tom Cave signed the order, but told newsmen he would retain jurisdiction over any bond hearings that might precede jury selection in the Panhandle city. 
The order gives Dist. 
Judge George Do Wien of 
Potter County in Amaril­ lo jurisdiction over all trial proceedings. 
Davis, 43, is charged with two counts of capital murder, one count of at­ tempted capital murder and one count of a t­ tempted m urder. 

'He could fly loops . , . he could fly sideways . . . he outflew his instruc­ tors' 

Air Service T raining 
School. Hightower was a beginning student at 
Brooks Field; Lindbergh was an advanced student at Kelly Field. 
Those were the days before Lindbergh flew to worldwide fame. Lind­ bergh’s ambitions were intense but not that high and there were no clues at that time that he would be known the world over within three years, says 
Hightower. 
Flying mail 
In fact what Lindbergh sometimes said he want­ ed most was to become a flying mailman. 
“ He loved flying. He liked traveling . . . he said he was going to be an air mail pilot,” says 
Hightower says. 
As a young air cadet, 
Lindbergh w asn’t good with academic work. But he flew so well it didn’t 

 m atter, according to 
Hightower. 
Lindy also wasn't one to chase the g irls or drink. His weakness was pulling pranks. 
“ There was more than one time he threw a big bucket of water on me when I was sleeping dur­ ing the day,” Hightower remembers. 
“ Then he’d run like a son of a gun.” 
Lin d bergh ’s jokes, however, were reserved for his friends. 
“ He just didn’t care to m ix well with a lot of people,” says Hightower. 
“ He wasn’t shy, but he was reserved.” 
Scrapbooks 
T all, lean and in remarkable condition for a man of 76, Hightower tells the story of Lind­ bergh and himself with well-kept scrapbooks. 
During the half century 

 since his cadet days, 
Hightower has worked for the Mexican govern­ m ent, written books, owned his own oil com pany and dabbled with various inventions. 
The cadet-days friend­ ship between Lindbergh and Hightower faded with time when H ight­ ower broke his ankle in a motorcycle accident in late 1924. 
He was disch arged from the air service and went back to his home near Fort Worth. Lind­ bergh, meanwhile, went on to an air mail pilot’s job in St. Louis and — three years later — his fam ous tran satlan tic flight. 
The last time the two saw each other was in 
Fort Worth after Lind­ bergh returned from his big flight and had en­ dured the glory, ticker- tape parades and public acclaim. 
“ He shook my hand and said, ‘Well, Hight­ ower, I’ve got to do these things’ . . . ” 

EXPRESS NEWS . 

Published 
M o nd ay through f»«doy except labo r D ay an d Thanksgiving D a y and not published on July 4, Christmas. Day. N e w 
Year s D ay when they Occur M o n d a y through friday Also not published on a M o nd ay when 
July A, Christmas Day, N e w Y e a ' » D a y falls on a preceding Sunday 
By The Express New s Corporation 

P O l o * 2 1 7 1 
Sa n Antonio, T e *o s 7 8 2 9 7 
Second C lass Postage Poid ot 
Son Antonio, T #*as 

R eguirodo corno orticulo de 2d a close #1 
2 9 de lo t t o 192 2 . en »o Adm inistration de 
Correos en N u evo Laredo, Tom ps . M exico 

All communications should be addressed to 
Son A m o mo Express, or Sa n Antonio N ew s 
This newspaper will not be responsible to* manuscripts or photographs not solicited for publication 

MAIL SUBSCRIPTION RATES 

I M o 
6 M o . 
I Yr 

* 5 49 $ 2 8 11 $54 74 
$4 6 5 $ 2 3 9 o $4 6 11 
$5 o 7 $ 2 6 13 $5 o 56 
$4 41 
$ 2 3 o 5 $44 54 
$3 21 
$ 1 6 15 $3 o 85 
(P n c*. obove include Kile , to, I 

OTHER STATES 
Morning & Sunday 
$5 51 
$31 34 $61 17 
$5 2o $ 2 7 4 7 $53 75 
$5 45 $ 3 o 25 $58 99 
$4 79 $2 6 SO $51 43 
$ 3 4 8 $ 1 6 9 5 $32 74 

ISutotriyften. wtude Tn t. an oat n.b n f ie let) 

Home d e live r monthly rot,, in Son An ionic Morning ond Sundoy. $ 3 4 o per mon.h 
(include, ton) 6 day M orning only. $2 7o pe' month (include, fo.) Sunday only — 4 Sun doy — $1 4 7 per month (include. Ion). 5 
Sundoy — J I 84 per month (include, to.) 

C O M IIN A T IO N fA T E 
Morning, Evening, 

Saturday and Sundoy, $ 4 35 per month 

2o% OFF 
"Takeout” Furniture 

Sale through M ay 21 

C lu b C h a ir, sa*: s28.oo 
Deck Chair, 
S a r , S29.6o 

 w arn 

Great casual furniture that s lightweight enough to easily fold up and take outside to enjoy in pleasant weather. Natural wood frames and your choice of natural or brown canvas. M atching stool and tables are also available. Limited quantities. Master Charge, 
BankAm ericard, or revolving charge plan. storehouse 

6547 Sa n Pedro at the corner of Jackson Keller (in Village Plaza) tel. 341-2281. 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEW S— Sunday M ay 15 I 977 

SP 
, 
J i l l 
_ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ 
Waves to comrades 
DO LO RES IBARRURI waves from balcony of Spanish Communist party headquarters in Madrid in her first full day at home after nearly 4o years exile in Russia. Standing beside the 82-year-old former Spanish 
Communist leader is Santiago Carrilio, present head of the party. — AP Wire­ photo. 
Australian airlift moves thousands 

COMPILED FROM WIRE SERVICES 
SYDNEY - The lar­ gest civilian airlift in 
Australian history was m ounted S atu rd ay to move thousands of pas­ sengers stranded by a week-long a ir traffic- controllers strike that closed the country’s air­ ports. 
The strike ended at midnight F riday after the n atio n ’s 9oo con­ trollers agreed to return to work without a settle­ ment. The strike began 
May 7 over demands for a 36 per cent wage in­ crease. 
More than 9o,ooo pas­ sen gers, an u n d e te r­ mined number of them 
Americans, were expect­ ed through the Sydney 
International Airport this weekend. 
The controllers, who average $19,7oo a year, returned a fte r P rim e 
Minister Malcolm Fraser threatened to reconvene 
P a rlia m e n t and seek special strike-breaking legislation. 
M ondale begins 
E uropean to u r 

LISBON — Vice Presi­ dent Walter Mondale ar­ rived in Portugal to be­ gin a 1o-day o European tour. 
He said he would urge 
South A frican P rim e 
M inister John Vorster when they meet later this week to grant “ full par­ ticipation’’ to blacks and support free elections in 
Rhodesia by the end of next year. 
Mondale, chosen by 
President Carter as chief spokesman on U.S. policy in Africa, said he would listen a lot when he meets Vorster in Vienna. 
But he made it clear the 
U.S. would seek to bring about major changes in racial policies of the w hite-m inority govern­ ments ruling Rhodesia and South Africa. 
Vance fearing talks shutdow n 

 defense, stress on boost­ ing oil output to three times present capacity and new emphasis on the importance of farm pro­ duction. 
Catholics w on't fight divorce 

RIO DE JANEIRO - 
The B razilian Rom an 
Catholic Church has de­ cided not to campaign against the bill to lega­ lize divorce in the country that was . intro­ duced into Parliam ent this month. 
A group of bishops an­ nounced the chu rch would continue to defend the integrity of the fami­ ly but would not c a m ­ paign against legaliza­ tion of divorce. They said they thought the Brazi­ lian people were more concerned about other problems. 
K rem lin says 
China provokes 
MOSCOW - Western leaders are naive if they hope to avoid “ the sword of Chinese m ilitarism ” by cooperating with 
Peking against the Soviet 
Union, Pravda says. 
The Soviet Communist party newspaper, in an article reg ard ed as a m ajor K rem lin policy sta te m e n t, charged 
China with striving to bring mankind back to the time of not only cold war, but a shooting war as well. 
TEHRAN, Iran - Se­ cretary of State Cyrus j 
>. 
Vance says failure at the Israeli voting 
Geneva Middle East con- to close ference this year would seriously heighten the risk of war in the region. 
“ Our intensive consul­ tations with key Middle 
East leaders have given us some hope for pro­ gress,” Vance told the 
34th ministerial meeting of the CENTO nations as he wound up a visit to 
Iran. 
D iplom ats doubt 
Amin’s claim 
MOSCOW — Foreign diplomats here say they doubt Ugandan President 
Idi Amin’s claim that 
Russia has agreed to give his country a nuclear reactor and establish a large military base in 
Uganda. 
Amin’s statement was broadcast by 
Radio 
Uganda after a meeting between Amin and the 
Soviet ambassador. 
Soviet F o reign M in­ istry officials were not available for comment on the U gan d an ’s claim . 
Some sources say Amin proposed such a deal but 
'that R ussia m ade no commitment. 
China industrial talks wind up 
PEKING - A three- week national industrial conference has ended here afte r laying the framework for Chinese industrial development to the year 2ooo. 
Among item s d is­ cussed were rapid con­ struction of a powerful and m odern national 

TEL 
AVIV—L atest polls show the gap is dwindling between the long-ruling Labor party, and m ajor opposition groups as Israelis p re ­ pare to vote for a new' parliament Tuesday. 

Shaken by scandal and blamed for Israe’s econ­ omic ills, the Labor party at best can expect to be a w eakened cp arliam en - tary minority facing tor­ turous negotiations for a coalition governm ent, political analysts say. 

Plane crashes 

LUSAKA, Zambia — A 
Zam bia A irways DC8 cargo jet crashed and burned as it was making its landing approach to 
L usaka 
Intern atio n al 
A irport and all four crewmen were believed killed, 
Johnson joins 

L.A. Tim es 

LOS ANGELES (AP) 
— Tom Johnson, former publisher of the Dallas 
T im es 
H erald, was nam ed president and chief operating officer of the Los Angeles Times 
Saturday by publisher 
Otis Chandler. 

Johnson, 35, will take over the newly created' post Aug. I, and will oversee all operations at the Times except for edi­ torial and news policy. 

STARTS MONDAY AT IO A.M. AT ALL JOSKE'S STORES! 

FOR BABY 
JOSKE’S 

• Save on day and night wearables 
• Save on furniture, layette needs 
• Save tomorrow IO a.m. 'til 9 p.m.! 

A UNIT OF ALLIED STORES 

SAVE Vi 
Famous maker infant and toddler sun and playwear 

I 9 9 C 9 9 

Orig. 3.oo-9.oo. Stock up on infant and toddler coveralls, creepers, tanksuits, dresses, shorts, tops, sunsuits and short- alls. In assorted colors and styles. Sizes S,M,L,XL, or 2,3,4. 
Infants, all stores. 

*A 
Save 1/3 on sundresses 
99 

Orig. 8.oo-9.oo. 
A variety of prints in sizes 
S,M,L,XL, 
V or 2,3,4. 
Infants and 
Toddlers, all stores. 

 si nisi DiaPers 

 n r r H- d Padded 
SSRI !Pfl - • a 

A k ,,r e » % i • **%#* 
* D ry ? n » ttr 

S lab 

While they last! 
Save 4o% on 
Curity Diapers 

CM RHT V 
Limited quantities! 5 
99 

Doz. 

 t-X 

 b-J, K*n**ab. 

Reg. 
1o.oo per dozen. 
Soft, absorbent diapers in regular gauze and prefolded gauze styles. A real savings! Infants, all stores. 

Save 25% on short sets 
49 

Orig. 6.oo. Save on boys' and girls' short sets for spring and summer in assorted styles and colors. 
Sizes 
2,3,4. 
Tod­ dlers, all stores. 

Save 1/3 on swirls, sunsuits 

3 5 9 _ 4 5 9 

Orig. 
5.5o-7.oo. 
From 
Cute 
Togs of New Orleans, choose from our selection of solids, checks, prints, stripes, and assorted applique sunsuits and swirls. 
Snap crotch. 
Sizes 
S,M,L,XL. Infants, all stores. 

Save 25% on thermal blankets 
Orig. 7.oo. Thermal blankets, 
_ 
4o"x6o'' for standard crib size. L 
In white and pastels from 
Chatham. Infants, all stores. 

Creepers for infant boys 
I 99 

Extra special creepers in one styles. Sizes stores. 

 value! 
Cotton or two-piece 
M-L. Infants, all 

SAVE 
4o% 

 n o w 99" 
Save 9oc! Stock up on 
Curity Diaper liners 

Reg. 1.89. Stock up on Curity Dia­ per liners now and save. Soft, and absorbent Infants, all stores. 
Limited quantities 

Save 1/3! 
Action playwear 
99 
J I X 
4 
Orig. 
6.5o-8.oo. 
From 
Cute 
Togs of 
New 
Orleans, popovers and L o shortalls in assorted prints and embroidered appliques. 
Sizes 
2,3,4. 
Toddlers, all stores 

Save 25% on babies' 
Cradlecraft pajam as 
3" 
Reg. 5.5o. Nows the time to stock up on pajam as for infants. In pastels and bright shades. 
Sizes 
S,M,L. 
In­ fants, all stores. 

. V . 

Save 1/3!' 
Infants' shawls1 
Orig. 5.5o - 9.oo. To keep baby snug and warm, stock up on small or large shawls in soft pastel shades. Infants, all stores. 
99 

Save 2o%! Century children's accessories 

Bath tub, Reg. 7.5o 
Now 6.oo 
Potty chairs, Reg. 11.oo ... Now 8.8o 
Hoola Coupe, Reg. 16.oo... Now 12.8o 

Furniture, all stores. 

Save 15%! Entire coordinating groups of Strolee furniture 

Portable bassinet, reg. 3o.oo 
. .. 25.5o 
Walker-jumper, reg. 25.oo 
......... 21.25 
Playpens, reg. 63.oo ................... 53.55 
Revertibles, reg. 45.oo ................. 38.25 
Stowaways, reg. 5o.oo ............... 42.5o 
Nappers, reg. 45.oo ..................... 38.25 
High chairs, reg. 46.oo 
............... 39.1o 

Scars Best 
Courier luggage made by 
S 

# - 
Hj amsonite 
*6o 
2628 to 

Regular $ 3 6 to $7 5 

Shim n : 
Hrgular 
Sale 

 a. < ioMiieth 
(.a s e .... 
$ 4 6 . o o do.on 

 it. l l l-in eli Ih illm a n 
$ 6 6 .o o 
3 o .H 2 

 e. 2 o -in c h Ih illm a n 
..............§ 7 5 .o o 
o o . o o 

Sot >li<rn n : 

.{-Suiter .... 
................................$ 7 7 . o o 
O I .OO 

2-Suiter 
55. in 

 a -in ch At Lu lie .......... ................................. $ 5 o .o o 
5 8 .5 o 
5-inch Atli ii he ...... .............................. $ 4 6 .o o 
3 1.5o 

 shoulder I oil** .... ..........................$56.oo 
2o.26 
* Soft grinned 1 inyl on / inyl harking 

Courier Iuggage s Sears Best molded lug- 

 gag**. It Ilas a il 1 nmistakahiy suave look: 

 m olded t h e r m o plastic shells; (lur able 

 inagnesii rn frail es lor strength. reft ssed 

 die-east chrome -plated locks ami t*asy. 

 grip mo hied Iiiindies. It c o r n e i n e lilly 

 wipes cie iii) with a dump cloth. It’s made 

 e x d iish e !y for S ears by Samsonite. 

In our Luggage Department 

Sal e prices good th r u M ay 2«St ll 

S e a rs Where America shops 

 s> Ka KS, NotBWK an ix 
Satisfaction Guaranteed or Your 

S h o r t s for cool summer comfort 

Come get shorts in such assorted solid 
$2.79 Girls’ solid shorts, 3-6x regular and slim ........................... 2.22 colors as navy, red, green, yellow, white, 
$2.49 Boys’ plaid shorts, 3-6x regular and slim .......................... 1.99 peach and more. Screen printed shorts, 
$2.79 Boys’ solid shorts, 3-6x regular and slim ........................... 2.22 too, and all are machine washable—some 
$3.59 Girls’ screen printed shorts, 7-14 regular and slim 
2.87 even Perma-Prest® fabrics. Not all colors 
$3.99 Boys’ solid shorts, 8-16 regular and slim ........................... 3.19 in all sizes, so you must come see and 
$5.49 Boys’ tennis shorts, 8-16 regular and slim ....................... 4.39 save 2o%! 
$3.99 Students’ solid shorts, 25-3o in. w aists............................. 3.19 

T o p s in great summer styles 

Great styles for summer fun. Cool tops in 
$2.49 Girls’ short-sleeve print T-shirt, S, M, L (2-6x).............. 1.99 tan k, T -s h irt and crew neck styles. 
$2.49 Boys’ tank top with large numberal, S, M, L (2-6x) ...... 1.99 
Screen printed, some solid colors and 
$2.49 Boys’ screen print crew neck, S, M, L (2-6x)................... 1.99 some with contrast trim. Styles to please 
$2.99 Girls’ screen print tank top, sizes 7-14 .............................. 2.39 everyone. Many even Penna-Prest® fab- 
$3.99 Girls’ screen print T-shirt, sizes 7-14................................. 3.19 rics. 
$3.49 Boys’ contrast-stitch knit shirt, S, M, L (8-16) .............. 2.79 
$2.99 Boys’ screen print tank top, S, M, L (8-16) .......................2.39 
Charge It on Sears Revolving Charge 
$3.99 Students’ screen print tank top, SS, S, M, L (32-42) .... 3.19 
Sale prices in effect thru May 23rd. 

D om ii Io u ii Plaza Store 
M ilitary I)r6 e Sion* 
Central Park Store 
Soledad at Navarro al Pleasanton IM . 
San Pedro al Loop M U 
Mon. and I hun*. 'hdO-O 
Moil. thru Sal. 
Mon. thru Sat. 
Money Back a h other d«> *'h.m -o 
•*;{<>-<> 

Sears SALE! 2o* off children’s shorts and tops 

CHARGE IT on Sears 
Revolving Charge 

( /fW M 

2 o %to 33°/o 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday May 15 1977 

CHARGE IT 
On Scars 
Revolving 
Charge 

Karla 

NATURAL BLEND 
Wigs with the look you ’ve been looking for 

Regular $ 13.99-S 24.99 

K a r l a — Bouncy, young, easy to wear and wonderfully flattering. Kaneklaon" modacrvlic that’s easy to care tor and capless. Blended, natural-look colors. 

Delia — Delightful young Elura* wig of Mon­ santo’s modacrvlic that's so easy to care tor. 
With hand-tied front, skin-look top that can be parted. 

o W ig*— 4 junket ic Department 
Cotton and polyester blend pants 

Canvas, colored lo iiial<*Ii 

Sale 
Totes 
Itrgular $ 12 

S pecial P urch ase 
O iiautities lim ited 

Altogether a sensational look, your Ia- 
\orite summer hat and shoulder tote iii matrliing camas. Lots ol colors, styles to choose from, lutes trimmed iii \inyl with tile look ol leather. 

A great look for summer . . . cotton and polyester blend pants in a variety of colors. 
Comfortable pull-on style with elasticized waistband. Sizes 8 to 2o in typical and tall. 

In <mr Accessorii** D epartm ent 

Special Purchase, though nut reduced, in un exceptional value 

In intr Sportswear Department 

All sale prices good thru IVIay 21st 

' . ti v 
■ M M ' \ 
/ ' W//, It 
. ,*: J 

'A-JP/tW. 

►** 

Sale! 
Polyester and cotton 
Perma Prest® shifts 
Save 3o°/o 
Our sweetheart-neek bra 

H ug-alon hosiery 
Regular $7 
Panty hose 

Relax and take it easy ... in one of our poly ester and cotton shifts in assorted, patch pocket styles are lightweight and oh-so-eomfy 
Prints, solids. S,M,L. 

Women’s sizes X-XX 
Reg. *8 

R e g u la r 79c 
Regular $1.39 md IOI* rn Regular S3 each 

You’ll love the flat seams, stretchy side and built-up straps. Iii white, ll or C cup: 

Panty hose. iii reinforced or Sandalfoot .-Ivies, or P.A.T sizes. Reinforced or Sandalfoot s t o c k ­ 

 ings in three proportioned lengths. Thi-top s t o c k ­ ings. four lengths. Sandalfoot ankle or knee-highs. one size fits HL-1 I 
Assorted fashion shades. 
Full-figure panty hose 
Regular $1.99 Sale 1.59 
S tockings.................................Regular 
99c Sale 79c 
Thi-top’ stockings................ R e g u l a r SI.29 Sale 9 9 c 

In our Hosiery Department 

Sale 6.44 

Reg. 
Contour-cup, A.ILL ....each $5 
Underwire, B, C ........... each Sh 
D-cup underwire each S7 
Bras available iti most sizes. 

In our Lingerie and At-Home-Wear Shop 
2 for $7 
2 for 8. IO 
2 for 9.8o 
Sears 

SKA HS. KOKBUCK ANI) CO. 
Where America shops 

Satisfaction Guaranteed or Your Money Back 

In our Figure Shop 

Downtown Plaza Store 
Soledad al Navarro 
Mon. aud I liar-. 9:3 o-9 
All other d a 's 9 :3 o-9 

Military Drive Store al Pleasanton Rd. 
Mon. thru Sal. 
9 :3 o -9 

Central Park Store 
San Pedro al hoop I 1o 
Mon. I tim Sal. 
9 :,3o-9 

H 
San Antonio EXPRESS-N EW S— Sunday May 15 1977 
A ctor to marry local 

By G AR Y MACLIN 
Veteran actor Glenn Corbett was in San Antonio Saturday to apply for a marriage license to wed a local lovely. 
Corbett appeared at the county clerk’s office in the Bexar County 
Courthouse to fill out the application to marry Kathy Glisson. 
Miss Glisson, 22, is the personal se­ cretary to B. J. McCombs, co-owner of 
Hemphill-McCombs Ford. 
The local girl, daughter of Mr. and 
Mrs. William Glisson Jr., 4219 Monaco 
St., was “ Miss Liberty Bell” during 
San Antonio’s Bicentennial celebration last year. 
Fewer refugees 

LOS ANGELES TIMFS SERVICE 
NAIROBI, Kenya — Normalcy of a sort has returned to Uganda with intelligence sources here reporting the flood of refugees fleeing tke country has slowed to a trickle. 
The massacre of opposition tribes reportedly has given way to scattered executions, beatings and harassment. 

Blue-eyed Glenn Corbett is presently seen on NBC's daytime drama 'The 
Doctors ’ 

It will be Miss Glisson’s first mar­ riage and Corbett’s second. Corbett. 
44, was married IB years to his first wife. They were divorced four years ago, he said. 
The wedding is planned in San An­ tonio Aug. 6. 
The blue-eyed actor is presently seen on NBC’s daytime drama “ The Doc­ tors.” seen locally on KMOL-TV Mon­ day through Friday at 1:3o p.m. He plays an attorney. 
Corbett appeared in seven movies before he began his TV career in “ It’s 
A Man’s World,” which was on NHC for 19 months in 1961. 
After the show was cancelled, Cor­ bett took the place of George Maharis as Martin Milner’s road-riding buddy in CBS’s “ Route BB” from lute 19B2 to 
1964 

His next series was NBC’s “ Road 
West” in 1966. 
About a year ago Corbett teamed with San Antonio’s Big John Hamilton to film the movie “ Ride in the Pink 
Car” which was shot near .St. Peters­ burg, Flu. 
In fact, it was Hamilton who intro­ duced the couple. 
“ Glenn met Kathy while visiting me. 
She’s a fine young lady,” Hamilton said. 
When asked how she felt about mar­ rying Corbett, Miss Glisson said, “ It’s exciting, different and new to me. 
Glenn is like any other man but he happens to be the one I love.” 
The 1972 Roosevelt High School gra­ duate clarified the statement saying. 
“ Glenn has a lot of friends in show business but he also has a lot of friends in other businesses. 

“ He’s not really the type to go to all the Hollywood parties,” said Miss 
Glisson, who attended Stephen F. 
Austin State University and San An­ tonio College. 
Series v 
After his contract for “ The Doctors” with NBC expires in two years, Corbett said he wants to realize a 12-year-old dream — produce his own series. 
Corbett said he hopes one of the networks will like his idea about a U.S. marshal whose territory covers from 
St. Louis, down to the Mexican border and across to California. 
“ He’ll travel all the time. Originally, 
I wanted to play the part but now I want to produce it. I’ve done a lot of research on it,” he said. 
Asked if he would like to direct the show, should it be picked up by one of the networks, Corbett said, “ I have no desire to direct. I can’t wear too many hats at once.” 
Corbett is right — soon he’ll be wearing another hat, one given him when San Antonio’s Kathy Glisson says 
“ I do.” 
- Oilbirds 
M AY 

Samsonite 

Lee, who grew up in the same affluent Palos 
Verdes Estates suburb where Boyce lived, said he was recruited by- 
Boyce to engage in spy­ ing. 
Story 

A different account was given by Boyce, 24, a former FBI agent’s son who worked as a clerk monitoring and decoding communications between the CIA and TRW. His job gave him access to a steel-and-concrete vault where top-secret documents were stored. 

C O U N T Y CLERK BOB 
GREEN presents m a r­ riage license to Kathy 
G lis s o n a nd 
G le n n 
Corbett 
STAFF PHOTO BY MARK VILLANUEVA 

Magnavox 19” diagonal Videomatic color TV has 1 o o% solid state chassis and automatic one-button color system for vivid television viewing. Selection of three handsome designs: Early American in pine, Early American in maple or Mediterranean in pecan. Sale price includes sturdy matching base. Limited quantity so shop early! 

Televisions 

W HITE 

SHOP MONDAY THRU SATURDAY IO TIL 9; CENTRAL PARK, MILITARY PLAZA, WINDSOR PARK 

$ 
TV and base, reg. 6 1 9.9o 

TRW conducted a 
$66,o(1o study in 1972-73 on the feasibility of building the satellite — known as the Pyramider Project. 
The project was eventually abandoned as unworkable. 
Lee, arrested Jan. 6 in front of the Soviet em­ bassy in Mexico City with microfilm of Pyramided 
■ 

 documents in his pocket, readily admitted he turned the information over to the Russians. But he contended that he believed he was actually- serving his country by­ acting as a CIA “ subcon­ tractor,” passing mis­ leading information to the Soviets in order to confuse them 

PICK A v 
^ 
CARD 
^ rm a ste r charge, 
BankAmericard.or 
Dillard’s when you say.”charge it” at Dillard’s.. 

<8> 

 s p y in g 

LOS AN G ELES (AP) 
— Andrew Daulton Lee, a 
25-year-old cabinet­ maker, was convicted 
Saturday of passing clas­ sified documents about a 
U.S. spy satellite system to Soviet agents. 
The verdict, which could send Lee to prison for life, was a triumph for government prosecu­ tors who contended that 
Lee’s spy activities en­ dangered national secur­ ity 
Attorneys for Lee, w ho clung to a defense that he was in reality working for the Central Intel­ ligence Agency, im­ mediately announced they would appeal. 
Mexico 
The conspiracy and espionage charges cen­ tered on a Los Angeles- to-Mexico City connec­ tion through which Lee and a childhood friend, 
Christopher J. Boyce, were accused of sending top-secret data in exchange for 
Soviet payments totaling 
$7o,ooo. 
Both men could be sentenced to life impri­ sonment for conviction of conspiracy to commit espionage. Boyce will be sentenced on May 27 and 
Lee on June 2o. 
The documents from 
TRW’ Systems Inc., a 
Redondo Beach research and development firm where Boyce worked un­ til late 1976, ended up in the hands of agents at the 
Soviet embassy in Mex­ ico City. 
Boyce, who was con­ victed of similar charges 
April 28, and Lee gave complicated, often con­ flicting stories of why they stole the secrets, which concerned a proposed satellite that would circle the earth and provide a commun­ ications link for far-flung 
U.S. intelligence agents. 

HO/ME 

 save 2 o % to 3 3 % ! 
Silhouette luggage for men and women 

Travel in style with beautiful, durable Samsonite luggage. 
Colors for women: white, strawberry, blue or toffee. 
Colors for men: gray, brown and toffee. 

Reg. 
Sale 
Ladies beauty ca se................. 
............ $48 
$32 
Ladies' overnight....................... 
...............S 5 o 
$4o 
Ladies' 2 4 " C ullm an............... 
...............$ 6 8 
$5o 
Ladies' 2 6 " cartw heel............ 
...............$ 8 8 
$66 
Men's 2 4" companion............ 
...............$ 6 8 
$5o 
Men’s suit p a k ......................... 
............ $46 
$36 

Reg. 
Sale 
Ladies' shoulder to te ............... 
...............$ 3 8 
28.5o 
Ladies’ handi zo te.................... 
............ $4o 
$3o 
Ladies' dress pak .................... ............ $46 
$36 
Ladies’ 2 9 " cartw heel............ 
..........$1oo 
$8o 
Men s 2-suiter......................... 
............ $76 
$57 
Men's 3-suiter......................... ............ $9o 
67.5o 

Luggage, not all styles available at all stores 
Samsonite 

 save 121.9o! Magnavox decorator color TV in 3 styles with matching base 

 t i t % ~t 

* 'f '*■ , > 
■ . 
« U S« * ''V % %i 4- '4 -4 rn #• C 
. 
* 
-. 
« 
-f v » -* <* T ■f J f ^ 
' J 
J 
#»' *> J 

•» ■« £< 
* 
* * ' » ’ 
*' 
# 
< c 
« « . # 

Marijuana use has doubled 

San Antonio EXPRESS NEW S— Sunday May 15 1977 

 in four years 

By GEORGE GALLUP 

PRINCETON, N.J. - The percentage of Americans who have tried marijuana has dou­ bled during the last four years, with one adult in four having now tried “grass” at least once. 

GALLUP 
POLL 

In the latest Gallup survey of mari­ juana use in America, 24 per cent of the nation s adults, 18 and older, report they’ve sampled the substance at least once. Half, 12 per cent, can be consi­ dered recent users, having last tried it during the past year. 
The overall usage figure is double what it was in 1973 and six times what it was in 1969 when the Gallup Poll’s first survey of marijuana use found only 4 per cent had tried it. 

To determine what percentage of 
Americans have used marijuana at least once, the following question was asked: “ Have you, yourself, ever hap­ pened to try marijuana?” 
The following table shows how the use of marijuana has climbed since 
1969: 

Ever tried marijuana? 

Most likely users 

As has consistently been the case, young adults in the latest survey are more likely to be users than those in any other population group. Fully 56 per cent of those under 3o years of age 
(and 59 per cent of those between 18 and 24) say they have tried marijuana. 
Among people between 3o and 49 years old the percentage who have tried it (16 per cent) is less than one- third that of young people. And with those over 5o years old only 5 per cent have indulged. 
Sex and educational background present interesting contrasts. Men (31 per cent) continue to be more likely to have tried marijuana than women (17 per cent). And those with college training include more who have used it. (36 per cent) than people whose education stopped at the high school level (23 per cent) or grade school le­ vel (5 per cent). 
One of the largest and most inter­ esting difference is that between whites and non-whites. In 1973 the percentage of whites and non-whites who had tried marijuana was about the same. 
Today, the level among non-whites 
(36 per cent) is significantly higher than that of whites (22 per cent). 

(per cent toying yes) 

Today.........................................24% 
1973 ........................................... 12% 
1972 ........................................... 12% 
1972 ........................................... 11% 
1969 ............................................. 4% 

Tomorrow in The News the Gallup 
Poll will report how the public believes marijuana affects the individual — whether people believe it is a relatively benign substance or, in fact, is addic­ tive and leads to the use of hard drugs such as heroin. 

Unlucky number still unlucky 

Demo group lauds Carter 

WASHINGTON (A P ) - The Coalition for a 
Democratic Majority praised President Carter on 
Saturday for his tough stand on human rights and his approach to disarmament but warned him to 
“ hang tough.” 
The conservative Democratic group said it was 
“ concerned” that the United States might give in too much on arms limitations but said Carter had set off on "the right course.” 
The message was conveyed in an open letter to 
Carter signed by some 75 government, political, business and academic leaders, including former 
Undersecretary of State Eugene V. Rostow, e\- 
Agriculture Secretary Orville Freeman, teachers union chief Albert thanker, civil rights leader 
Bayard Rustin and playwright Bore Schary. 
Criticism 

The letter of support comes a week after Sen. 
George McGovern, D-S.D., in a speech to the liberal 
Americans for Democratic Action, criticized Carter for what McGovern said was the President’s con­ servative stance. 

Oil bals 

BALTIMORE (AP) - Maryland lot­ tery officials had to cut off betting for the three diget combination number of 
513 after game players had built up a possible state liability of $5.5 million. 

Friday was the fifth month and 13th day and bettors apparently figured it might be an unlucky day for the lottery commission. By midafternoon, it be­ came apparent the payoff would bank­ rupt the commission if 513 won, so it was taken off the boards. 
In any event, the winning number was o77. 

SU M M ER fashions such 

 as the ou tfit shown 

 above w ere in a style 

 show sponsored by 

S e a rs for servicem en 

Satu rd ay at the U S O . 

Attention of the service­ 

 men undoubtedly was 

 on the models as well as 

 the cloth es. 
— S ta ff 

Photo by 
S teve 

Campbell 

6 die in burning home 

BIRM IN GHAM , Ala. (A P ) - A 
54-year-old minister was awakened by an explosion which sent smoke billow­ ing through his two-bedroom home early Saturday. He roused his wife and six children and they dashed for the back door. 
Only the parents and one son made it to safety. The mother ran back inside the burning house where she perished with five of the children. 
“ The bodies were found in a back 

 room,” Fire Chief Bill Johnson of 
Minor said. “ It looked like they had been trying to get out of the house. 
There wasn’t a door there but evident­ ly they went into the wrong room and they were all hemmed up and all together when we found them.” 

The dead were Dora Byner, 54. and her children: Lovie Jean, 19, Glenda. 
17, Wayne, 15, Tony, 3, and Kelvin, 6 months. 

 before our big carpet sale, let us pre-measure your home at no obligation 

It’s time for our big sale of 
America’s best selling car­ pet. 3o different styles, over 
4oo colors go on sale May 18 to 28. Call 654-3131 ext. 345, or 341-5151 ext. 345 for an appointment. Ask for Lee’s 
Road Show Revue. 

New coal m ethod praised 

TULLAHOMA, Tenn. 
(AP) — Scientists at the 
University of Tennes­ see’s Space Institute say they’ve achieved a breakthrough in energy technology, burning high sulfur coal to produce pollution-free electricity. 
Dr. John Dicks said tests run Friday showed the world’s only coal- fired magnetohydrodyn­ amics (MHD) plant can operate on plentiful high-sulfur coal, catch­ ing 95 per cent or more of the sulfur without using a costly scrubber. 
Dicks said an MHD plant could produce 5o per cent more power from a ton of coal than a conventional plant. And he said the proress could be commercially availa­ ble by 1985 or 199o. 
“ This could run ever­ ything else out of the midterm power produc­ tion picture,” said the director of UTSI’s energy conversion division. 
UTSI researchers will report their findings at a scientific convention next week at the University of 
Pittsburgh. 
Magnetohydrodynamics is a process discovered by Michael Faraday in 
1831. It has not been con­ sidered feasible until recently because of for- midible engineering ob­ stacles — like containing combustion tempera­ tures up to 5,ooo degrees. 
“ This is much simpler and more efficient than the conventional plant that burns coal, produces heat, boils water, creates steam and uses it to drive a turbine,” said Dicks. 
Instead, crushed coal treated with potassium flows into a combustion chamber and burns at high temperatures. The expanding gas, ionized by the potassium, is forced at the speed of a bullet down a pipe and through a magnetic field. 
That creates electrici­ ty, and conducting tubes pluck it from the flowing gas. Then the steam flows into a conventional turbine. 
“ This plant operates at about 55 per cent ef­ ficiency with a theore­ tical upper limit of about 
75 per cent, although that could take years to achieve,” Dicks said. 
“ By comparison, a nor­ mal coal-fired power plant with scrubbers operates at about 35 per cent efficiency.” 

Handy Andy 

BAKERY 
SU PER VALUES 

A N D THEN SO M E I 

SUPER SAVINGS 

AN D THEN SO M E 

COUPON 

' H EA LTH A N D 

B E A U T Y A ID S 
SUPER PRICES 
AN D THEN SO M E 

DELI 

SUPER TASTE 

AN D 
THEN SO 

HOUSEWARES 

INTRODUCING 

YOU EXCITING EARLY WEEK SAVINGS PLUS GOLD BOND STAMPS! 
DAY 

A super supermarket and then some 

: 
A GREAT WAY 
IM 
I t 
TO START yw m m km i ; the day... 

• • • • m W i • # 
HANDY ANDY 
YEARS 

THESE SPECIAL 
O ODTHRU WED.. M A 

1o* OFF LABEL - 49 OZ. BOX 
8 OZ. PKG. OSCAR MAYER 
SLICED 
BOLOGNA.... .9 
PRINTS.;.IS 

NMP 
• • 
WITH EACH FILLED GOLD BOND 
STAMP SUPER DISCOUNT BOOK 
WITH EACH FILLED GOLD BOND 
STAMP SUPER DISCOUNT BOOK 
P R O C ESSIN G A N D DEVELOPING 
OF YOUR C O L O R NEGS. 

W E USE KODAK PAPER AND 
CH EM ICALS EXCLUSIVELY 

12 EXPOSURE PROCESSING 
COLOR PRINTS 
51.9! 
2o EXPOSURE PROCESSING £f 
COLOR PRINTS 
527! 

HANDY AN D Y W HEAT 
H ANDY A N D Y -4 STICK 
GRADEA 
BUTTER.. .29* 
WITH EACH FILLED GOLD BONO 
STAMP SUPER DISCOUNT BOOK 

SANDWICH 
BREAD 2.7v 
R O E G E L E IN S IG N A T U R E Q U A L IT Y 
WITH EACH FILLED GOLD B(AA 
STAMP SUPER DISCOUNT BOGH 

SW IFT -42 OZ. CAN 
32 OZ. BOTTLE 
CHOICE 
JEWEL 
HUNTS 
KETCHUP.... .9 
35 MM CUSTOM DELUXE 

WITH EACH FILLED GOLD BOND 
STAMP SUPER DISCOUNT BOOK 
WITH EACH TILLED GOLD BOND 
STAMP SUPER DISCOUNT BOOI 
ALBUM• • • • • • • • • 
KODAK AX 15-126 INCLUDING ^ 
FILM AND FLASH m 
U.S.D.A. CHOICE BEEF 

INSTAMAXIC G Ps 
CAMERA KITSIS** 

7 IN C H -2 LAYER 
STEAK 
Coconut Devil's 
BoodCake 
75 FREE 
* 
GOLD BOND STAM PS 
; 
WITH P U R C H A SE O F 3 B A R S 
I 
DIAL BATH SOAP 

| COUPON GOOD I HRL) WID..JS4AY IS. 1377. UMH QIifc COUPON PER Fi 

GOLD BOND STAM PS 
WITH THE PURCHASE OF 15 OZ. BOX 
CHEERIOS 
CaUPOH GOOD THOU WEG, MAV ll, IS 
LIMIT ONE COUPON PTN TAMI 

U.S.D.A. CHOICE BEEF 

HA/CH 

ROEGELEIN SIGNATURE QUALITY 
EACH 
75 FREE 
75 FREE 
PORK 
SAUSAGE 

12 OZ. CAN HANDY ANDY 
PINK 
LEMONADE 

PINEAPPLE PIE 
. . . ga. 99* 
DANISH CINNAMON PKG. OF 1o 
PULL-A-PART ROLLS. . 89* 
1 LB. LOAF IOO PER CENT 
WHOLE WHEAT BREAD 39* 
1 LB. 
ROLL 

GOLD BOND STAM PS 
WITH A TOTAL PURCHASE OF 
$1o.oo OR MORE 
EXCLU DING BEER, W INE & CIGARETTES 
THIS COUPON EXPIRES M A Y 18, 1977 

6 Vz OZ. PKG. ASST. FLAVORS 
LA CHOY 
EGG ROLLS. . . .65* 

C ARAM EL STICKY BUNS, CINNAMON 
APPLE CRUNCH OR HON&Y 
SARA LEE 
ROLLS.... 
PKG. .79* 

 earn S M # o l d e n arn 
Spinach 
Pinto 
Beans 
Kosher Dills 

 y c » A v oi to' 
2.5 OZ. SCENTED OR UNSCENTED 
HANDY A N D Y -16 OZ 
HIT 32 FL.OZH QI) 
HERBAL 
SHAMPOO 

Her 32 FL OZ (I QI) 
M a r g a r i n e 
ROLLON 
15y2 To 17 oZ. CANS 
CREAM STYLE OR WHOLE KERNEL 
CORN, SWEET PEAS OR CUT 
GREEN BEANS 

 a g m a 
HOT JUICY FULLY COOKED 
READY TO feAT 
15 TO 16 OZ. CAN HANDY A N D Y 
PINTO BEANS WITH JALAPENO S 
LEAF SPINACH OR 
SMOKED 

1 LB.-4 STICK 
KOSHER OR HAMBURGER SLICED DILL 
• 
Fleischmanns 
MARGARINE 
Handy Andy 
VEGETABLES 
Handy Andy 
PICKLES 

WITH FREE JOVAN 
M U S K OIL 

SPRING BLO SSO M GREEN, HOMESTEAD, 
BUTTERFLY GOLD OR OLD O RCH ARD 
LUSTRO W ARE 
PYREXWARE 3-PC. 
CEREAL 
BOWL SET. 
*447 BOWL... 

EACH 
C AN S 
M IX OR MATCH 
CAN S 
M IX OR MATCH 

H A N D Y A N D Y 
DURO FATHERS FIFTH 

CO AST BATH SIZE 
GALLO 1.5 LITER 

AVAILABLE ONLY IN STORES WITH DELI DEPTS 
LIBERTY BLUE 
DINNERWARE 

A s u per supermarket and then some... 

ONE GOLD BOND ST A M P GIVEN WITH m 
EACH 1o* PURCH ASE ... EXCLUDING aff 
BEER, W INE A N D CIGARETTES 

6 PACK -12 OZ. C A N S REG. 
MILLER'S....... 

6 P A C K -12 OZ. C A N S 
— - SCHLITZ, w 
> « . . . $1.49 

2 LB. BAG YELLOW OR WHITE 
H ANDY ANDY 
CORN MEAL........... 
32 OZ. HANDY A N D Y 

THIS WEEK S FEATURE... 
M ATCHING 
BREAD & i f 
BUTTER DISH ... EA. IX 

With every $3.oo purchase excluding beer Et wine 
AD EFFECTIVE THRU WED., MAY 18,1977 SAN ANTONIO STORES ONLY 

San Antonio EX FR E5S-N EW 5— Sunday M ay 15 1977 
Husbandknew all along his wife 
9s chicken winning dish 

AUSTIN - Ll. Col. 
J U. Grizzard of San An­ tonio considered the Tex­ as Chicken Cooking Con­ test here Saturday to be 
“all a formality.” 

He just knew his wife would win! 
Mrs. Grizzard cooked 
Chicken Yucatan for the 
Texas finals of the Na­ tional Chicken Contest in 

 a makeshift kitchen at 
Highland Mall. 
She was one of five contestants selected from 
1,5oo entries, according to Ben Bauson, director of 
ANTIQUE AUCTION 
4 3 5 Isom Rd., Suite 2 2 o , San A ntonio 
Sunday, M a y 15 start 1:oo P.M. 
M onday, M a y 16 start 7:oo P.M. 

Player Piano. Pump Organ. Portable Culcitone. Banjo fine Oriental Rugs. Tantalous sets. 

Grandfather & M antel Clocks. Ornately carved dark oak 18th Century Cabinet. Cylinder Music Bo*. 

Set of 8 m ahogany ball & claw ft. ribbon-back Chippendale style chairs. Carved Teakwood Chinese 

Curio Cabinet. Carved Chinese Desk. Cloisonne, fine custom-made Chesterfield Sofa covered in 

 pure English leather. Painted Ship's Bed, Ship s lo g Cabinet, Ship s wash-stand, etc. Bronied-dipped dogs & cats. W ooden filing Cabinets. Important 2-pillar Yew-wood Dining Table 
Doulton 

 figurines, fabulous Regency style Brass Bed. Carved Camphor-wood Chinese Chest. 2oo PIECES 

STAINID-GIASS PANEIS. EXCEPTIO N AL flNE 6 PIECES lf ADED-GIASS AUS STOUT", fine Chippendale 
& Oueen Anne styles Dining Tables. Collection of Jewelry, lap Desks. Hall Trees. Dressers. 

Washstands. Sideboards. Important Zebra-wood Dining Suite consisting of Table, Sideboard, China 

Cabinet & IO chairs. Gateleg Tables. Drawleaf & Dropleaf Tables. Hour Glass. Scales. Overmantels. 

3 rare Dolls Pair cutgiass lustres, large cutglass Vase. Butler s Tray & Stand. Roll-top Desk, large 

 selection of bric-a-brac. HUNDREDS Of OTHER CHOICE ARTICLES. OPEN 1o:oo A M. SUNDAY & S:oo 
P.M. MONDAY. 

B ill P e y to n & C a rro ll L a g le , A u c tio n e e rs 

Texas license Nos. TxGS-77-oo65 and TxGS-77-oo66 
PEYTON-LAGIE AUCTION GALLERY 

 the marketing division of the Texas Department of 
Agriculture. 
Her prize is an ex­ pense-paid trip to the na­ tional contest July 27 in 
Jackson, Miss., and a chance to win $1o,ooo. 
Runnerup 
The second-place win­ ner was Lynda Castro of 
Houston, who won $125 for her Chicken and 
Squash Mexican Style. 
She will Cook in the na­ tional contest should 
Mrs. Grizzard be unable to attend. 
O ther co ntestan ts, their recipes and prizes include: Diane Stallings of Canyon, $1oo for Se­ same Chicken Tempura; 
Helen Longm ire of 
Austin, $75 for Grilled 
Herb Chicken; and Olga 
Jaecks of Fort Worth, $5o for Peanut B utter Bat­ ter-Fried Chicken. 
Three of the five wo­ 

 m en, including Mrs. 
Grizzard, had never par­ ticip ated in a cooking contest before. 
M rs. 
Jaecks attended the Pin­ eapple Classic in Hawaii in 1972 and the Pillsbury 
Bake-Off in 1978. Mrs. 
Longmire was a Bake-Off contestant in 1966 and 
197o. 
Third 

Choose from an assortment of styles and sizes of ladies’ quality panties from Vanity Fair in beige or white Dacron" polyes- or white Dacron" polyester/ 
Antron" III nylon, and during this super sale, save 754-1.5o! 
A. Brief: white or beige with Vantee gussett, elastic legs, 4-8. 
Reg. 2.25 pr.......................... 
3 /$ 6 
X-iarge, reg. 2.5o pr.............. 3 /6 .5 o 

B. Trunk: center seamed panty, slightly flared leg, white. 5-1o. 
Reg. $3 pr............................. 3 /7 .5 o 
X-large, reg. 3.25 pr................3/8.25 

C. Tite: choose from medium and short lengths, in white, 5-9. 
Reg. $3 pr.......................... 3 /7 .5 o 
X-large, reg. 3.25 pr............... 3/8.25 

D. Vest: ribbon ties and adjustable straps in white. 34-42. 
Reg. 3.25 pr.......................... 3/8.25 

Lingerie 

Dillard’s 

SHOP M O N D A Y THRU SATURDAY IO TIL 9 : 
CENTRAL PARK, MILITARY PLAZA, W IN D SO R PARK 

Mrs. Grizzard is the third San Antonian to compete in a major na­ tional cooking contest within a year. 
Mrs. Bert Groves won 
$25,ooo in the Bake-Off in 
Boston last August, and 
Mrs. Richard Adams was a contestant in the Pin­ eapple Classic in April. 
Mrs. G rizzard d ev e­ loped her winning recipe after asking a Mexican chef his secret to a dish enjoyed during a v aca­ tion. 
“ When I came home, I worked out the in g re ­ dients, and it has been a family favorite since,” she says. 
She likes to give some credit to her husband who normally does the cutting and boning of chickens for her. 

Freeman is 
Dimes unit’s 
Man o f Year 

Harry Freeman has been named as the 
March of Dimes Man of the Year by the 
Metropolitan San Antonio Chapter of the organization. 
Freeman, who is chairman of the board of the San 
Antonio Livestock Exposition, will be honored with a 
“ roast” June 18 — the eve of his 88th birthday. 
Freeman will be roasted by several of his celebrity friends from local and national entertainment fields at the event in the Freeman Coliseum. 
Tickets are available at Joske’s of Texas and the 
March of Dimes office. Tickets are $1o per person. 
All proceeds go to the March of Dimes. 
Freeman has been active in many charitable pur­ suits and organizations. 
He is a life trustee of Boysville and is chairman of the board of the Boysville Foundation. 
He also worked to build the Golden Manor Nursing 
Home and the San Antonio Emergency Clinic. 
Freeman endowed a chair at the University of 
Texas Medical School for heart research. 
In addition, he recently received the State of Israel 
Prime Minister’s Emblem and Award for his efforts in the local Israel bond program. 

Mrs.J. H .G RIZZA RD 

P R IZ E W IN N IN G chicken cook M rs. J. 
H. G rizzard g o e s to w ork in her kitchen 

Judges 
Judges for the Texas finals were 
Carolyn 
Bengtson, food editor of the Austin Citizen; Linda 

Farrell, Agricultural Ex­ tension Agent, Austin, and Jane Ulbrich, food editor of the San Antonio 
Express-News. 
The State contest is sponsored by the Depart­ ment of Agriculture and the 
Texas 
B roiler 
Council. 
Recipes from the five finalists will appear in, the Express food section 
Thursday. 
Falling bricks cause havoc, but no injuries 

N EW YORK TIMES SERVICE 
NEW 
YORK 
- 
A 
4o-foot section of brick­ work broke away from the 25th floor east facade of the Park Lane Hotel on 
Central Park South Sa­ turday afternoon, raining thousands of bricks dow n onto parked ca rs, sidewalks and the roof of an adjacent 15th floor penthouse re sta u ra n t crowded with diners. 
About 15 of some 6o patrons at the Nirvana 
Restaurant were shaken up but not seriously in­ jured when a 14-foot seg­ m ent of the roof col­ lapsed onto the tables where they were eating. 
Two workmen who had been repairing b ric k ­ work on a scaffolding on the 25th floor of the 

 knocked down. P laster was falling and everyth­ ing was a mess.” 

The brickwork broke loose for undetermined reasons, according to po­ lice. 

The Park Lane, which was built by H arry B. 
Helmsley at a reported cost of $3o m illion, opened in 1971. 

It sought to lure business away from such nearby establishments as the Plaza, the Pierre and the St. Moritz. 

The interiors of the ho­ tel strive for understated elegance through the use of marble and wood. 

16 Professional Pocket 
Portraits, Only $1.88! 

It's graduation time. And once again you can take advantage of tremendous savings on Studers’ Professional Pocket Portraits 
. . . 16 wallet-sized portraits for only $1.88! 
But did you ever stop to think that now’s a great time to get ortraits made of Mom and Dad. our kid brother. Grandma. 
Or your favorite girl. 
Studers’ Professional Pocket 
Portraits . . . for a buck eighty- eight, you can make a lot of people happy! Get the picture? 
IQM 
PhotoStores 

You only pay what the pros pay. 

3711 Colony Drive, 696-751o 

64o-room Park Lane, a glass and brick luxury tower, were left dangling from their em ergency ropes when their scaf­ folding plunged to the sidewalk below. 
Hauled iii quickly 
One was hauled into a window quickly, but it was nearly a half-hour before firem en could raise the second man to safety, accord ng to wit­ nesses. 
On the street below, bricks smashed the win­ dows of several parked vehicles, but no one was reported injured. Be­ cause of the work on the 
Park Lane facade, woo­ den barricades had been set up on the sidewalk and there was no pedestrian traffic. 
Shards of broken glass and splinters of wooden beam s also fell to the sidewalk from the re s­ taurant, whose windows overlooking Central Park were blown out by the force of the ceiling col­ lapse. 
“ It sounded like bombs falling down and exploding,” said 
Sham sher W adud, the owner of the Nirvana, an 
Indian-Pakistan-Bangladi restaurant. 
“ There was panic and screaming and a rush to the door,” Wadud said. 
'Tables and chairs were 

FREE M M I® * 
T O GENERAL E L E C T R I C S microwave 
COOKING, S C H O O L 

R e s e r v a tio n s needed, ta u . 
TIME: 7 R.NI.-9 P.M. 
DATE: M ay 
\7 
’ 
J , 
LOCATION 
Country 
Parkdale 

O.cl 

I when you buy a bom 

Former teacher’s rites set 

Funeral services for a former San Antonio ele­ mentary school teacher will be held Monday. 
Services for 
Miss 
Lottie Howard, 79, of 326 
Kayton Ave., will be at ll a m. at F irst B aptist 
Church. She died Friday. 
A lifelong resident of 
San 
Antonio, 
Miss 
Howard taught at Navar­ ro Elementary School for 
49 years and was a vo­ lunteer for 12 years at 
Baptist Hospital. 
She is survived by a sister, Mrs. Marguerite 
Gaffney of Grapevine and several nieces. 

 with the 
Automatic 
Chef 
Temperature 

Model Jet9oT 
It cooks accurately by TEMPERATURE, automatically. See your GE deeler. 
Coil Your Local G.E. Office For Reservations and information, 227-7536 
San Antonio Dealers 
G O O D Y E A R SERVICE STORE 
8 1 6 S. St. M a r y 's 
TE11 W . Com m erce 
2131 S.W . M ilitary Dr. 
4 7 o 2 San Pedro 

1 3 4 6 Fair A ve nue 
3 3 6 6 Fredericksburg Rd. 
4o1 N. A lam o 

1 313 Austin Hw y. 

2 2 6 Rector 
3 o 3 o E. Com m erce 
1 1 4 7 9 Perrin P im a 
1498 Hillcrest 
JA C K G REID ER SH O W C A SE 
1 o 2 7 N.E. lo o p 4 1 o 
4 5 1 9 Fredericksburg 
HOWS 
I S 3 3 Austin H w y. 
C e n tral P ark Sh o p p in g Center 

2 6 o W e st A ve nue 
9 o 2 S.W . M ilita ry Or. 
2311 S. H ackberry 
13o3 Pot B ooker 
2 3 2 W o n d e rla n d Center 

J O SK E ’S O F T EX A S 
A la m o P laza 
187 P la z a do la s P alm a s 
9 o o N lorth Star M a ll 
W in d so r Perk 

S S B IR A ’S 
2 3 1 o N galitos 
4 o 3 S.W . M ilita ry Or. 
7 o 3 4 San Pedro 
W O O LCO 
5 7 1 o Austin H w y. 
2 2 1 4 S.W . M ilita ry Or. 
IO O Gill Road 
3 2 7 Fair Avenue 
4 8 o 3 W . Com m erce 

Soj^Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday Moy 15 1977 
 c o u p o n 
{ w o f r m c o u P O N f a L O 
{ £ 4 V £ c o u p o n f a t * f £ 
4 
* e c o u p o n 

Coats and Clarks 
| 
7” to 24” ZIPPERS 
I 
R eg . 45< . 
23< 
I 
2®9 52* 
------ 2 9 « 
I 
*e9- 
• 35 4 . 

Reg. 8o<........4o< 
I 

 lim it 6 

GOOD MONDAY, MAV 1ft ( t - N ) j 

AUNT LYDIA’S 1o o % RODEL 
POLYESTER HEAVY RUG YARN 

Our Usual 474 
7o yds. 

Our Usual 874 
3.7oz. 
UMH 12 

GOOD MONDAY, MAY 16 (I-N ) 
35* 
74' 

Our Usual 594 

LADIES' & TEENS’ PANTIES 

Irregulars. 
Ny­ lon. Briefs and bikinis. Sizes 5 to IO. limit 4. 

GOOD MONDAY, MAY 16 (£ -N ) 
42 

Our Usual 694 

INFANTS1 UNDERSHIRTS 

Irregulars. 
Cot­ ton. 
Snap and 

 slip ons. Sizes to 
3o mos. limit 3. 

OOOD MONDAY, MAY 16 (E-N) 
39 

TEARS WELL in the eyes of four-year-old Chad NcMasters as he is reunited with his mother, Donellet M cMasters, at Denver police station 
Mom, abducted son reunited in Denver 

D E N V E R 
(A F ) 
- 
Three months. $1o,ooo and 1.5oo miles after her 
4-year-old son was taken away by her former hus­ band in 
Tennessee, 
Donelle McMasters got her boy back. 
It took help from a professional child snatcher who admits, 
“ It's a lousy way of doing business, but the law doesn’t act.” 
For young Chad it was over. “ When can we go to grandma’s house?” he asked moments after a joyful reunion with his mother Friday at a police station in Aurora, a 
Denver suburb. 
Chad was abducted in 
February in Chattan­ ooga, Tenn., where he was living with his mother. She had won custody last year in a 

 court battle with her former husband. Dave 
Goodwin. 
Tennessee authorities issued an ar­ rest warrant charging 
Goodwin with kidnaping. 
Failed 
Mrs. McMasters tried to recover her son through the legal system but failed. She spent 
$1o,ooo for private detec­ tives without success. 
Finally, she hired “ Mean 
Gene" Austin, who for 14 years has been in the ehild-custody kidnaping business. 
It took Austin five days to locate Goodwin and 
Chad in Aurora. 
A day later, after an all-night drive from Ten­ nessee, Austin, Mrs. 
McMasters and her hus­ band, Michael McMas­ ters, were in Denver. 
With the McMasters at 

 his side, Austin spent three days studying 
Goodwin’s habits, watch­ ing him drive to work, shopping, strolling the streets. Chad was always at his side. 
Lousy 
“ At the right moment, we grab the boy and run,” Austin explained during long hours of waiting. “ It’s a lousy way of doing business, but the law doesn’t act. Ifs this official inactivity that forced me into the busi­ ness.” 
Goodwin’s watch over 
Chad made a grab im­ possible. Austin and the 
McMasters decided to check out the ehild-cus­ tody arrest procedures of local police. 
Aurora police had the 
Tennesee arrest warrant. 
Mrs. McMasters had the 

 custody papers. They were told she would probably get custody of 
Chad as soon as Goodwin was arrested. 
Arrested 
Goodwin was arrested a short time later at a shopping center, and 
Chad was taken to the police station and a reunion with his mother. 
“ lf I don’t see you again for awhile, I don’t want you to cry,” Chad said to his mother as they walked from the police station to their waiting car. 
Donelle McMasters’ eyes flashed with tears. 
“ No, that won’t ever happen again,” she said. 
Goodwin spent Friday night at the county jail on the Tennessee arrest warrant. 

Summer sandals in incoming shapes and colors...on sale ahead of the season instead of after! Gather yours from a bright, breezy selection. Shown 

S o f t A m o r e s a n d a l, foot-caressing leather on a gently cushioned sole. Cam el and white. 

Regular I 8 9 5 13.89 A. 
“ Hawaii” sandal, buttery leather, cork wedge, crepe sole Camel or white 
Regular 21 95 16.89 B 
Mushrooms Penny T-strap sandal, fabric favorite, famous comfy cushioned sole on a wedge. Natural or navy. Regular 19 95 15.89 C. 
Not shown: 
“ Dundee” — natural jute sandal, jute covered wedge on a flexible crepe sole 
Regular 19.95 13.89 
Sandals and casuals: a special selection of women’s most coveted brands. 
Regular 1 4 .9 5 -3 9 9 5 11.89-23.89 
Kids’ salt water sandal, the original playtime toughy in durable leather. Brown, white or red. Regular 5 9 5 -6 .9 5 4.89 
Women s Shoes and Children’s Shoes 

 orth Star & Wonderland Shop Mon.-Sat. 1o to 9; Rhodes Charge, Master Charge, inkAmericard, American Express. An {Am be 
Company. 

COUPON i ° L O f #4** COUPON f O L M f g * * * COUPON f O L O { £ * * £ c O U RON 

Our Usual 3 for $1 
SANDALFOOT N YLO N S 
KNEE HIGH HOSE 
\ i 

Irregulars. Beige or suntan. 
Fits mJ 
J' 
J # mM 

B'/i to ll. limit 
o % Jr Jm a 
6 . 

GOOD MONDAY, MAY 16 (|.N) 

Our Usual $1.89 

LADIES’ TENNIS OXFORDS 

Irregulars. 
Mostly navy. 
Sires 5 to IO. 

\ limit 2. 82 

4i i i 

JRS. AND MISSES 
T-TOPS AND TANK TOPS 

Irre g u lars of a m 
M A 

 values to 
$8 . 
^ 
I 
Q 

GIRLS’ HALTER TOP 
SHORT SETS 

GOOD MONDAY, MAY 16 (|-N) j 

Sizes S.M.l. limit 
I. TICKETED $3 

GOOD MONDAY, MAY 16 ( f .N ) 

$ | 45 

First quality made to sell to 
$5. 
Sizes 
4- 
16k. 
Limit 
I. 
TICKETED $2 

GOOD MONDAY. MAY 16 (|-N) 

 i B 
L 
O f g * MT C O U P O N f B I O { £ # V £ C O U P O N j a t o 
{ £ 4 * K C O 
U P O 
N f A f t f f M t t T C O U P O N 

Our Usual $1.59 

MEN’S POLO SHIRTS 

Our Usual $2.99 

BOYS’ SWIMSUITS 

1 6 O I . REVLON FLEX 
CONDITIONER 
TUSSY DEODORANTS 

Irregulars. Solid colors. S.M.L.XI. 
Limit 2. 
QQ< jI’mTxT- $1 58 

# 
B 
Limit I. 
* 

 j Regular j Extra Body 
| Limit 2 

| 2oz. Roll On 

^ 
I 9 ! ^oz‘ Cream 49 

GOOD MONDAY, MAY 16 (E-N) 
GOOD MONDAY, MAY 16 ( E -N > 
GOOD MONDAY, MAY 16 ( F .N ) 

Limit 2 

GOOD MONDAY, MAY 16 f t . N I 

28 CUT POLYESTER 
Double Knil 

Full bolts, First quality. Solid color. 
Luxurious Care Free quality, 

OUR REG. $3 YD. 

 m 
6o” Yarn Dye Double Knit 
$>» 

 hi 
Jjjf* 
Full bolts, first quality. 
U K lf 
J\^pr 
Compare at $2 88 yd 
OUR REG. $1.98 YD...................... " 
I 

 f 

Full bolts, 
Compar 

54” Solid Color 

Upholstery Velour 
2 

Full 
Bolts. 
Compare to 
& 
A A 
$1o yd. 
> 
* 
J Y 
V 
I OUR REG. $4.95 Y O ........................ 
A y(j. 

Fully Quilted Decorator Bedspreads 

ENTIRE STOCKI OUR REG. $12.95 TO $25.95 

SJL OFF 
$ 7 5 o 
^ 
TICKET queen and king ^ # 

P D I fT C 
DCA CIT 
CC 
» 

TWIN AND FUU 

BED SIZES .... 

OFF 
TICKET PRICES 

■ 

SELECTED FASHION AND SPORTSWEAR GROUPS AT EXTRA SAVINGS! 

Irregulars, samples, and first quality made to sell for $12 to $5o. Sizes 38-44, I 4 V?24V2, S.M L , 5 15, and 6- 
1 8. Not all items in all sizes. 

Dresses, Gaucho Sets, Pant Suits 
$ # 89 and Jum psuits...TicKETED iio................ 1 

Blazers and Jackets... 

Pants, Skirts, Vests... 

TICKETED $8 TO $2o 

TICKETED $6 TO $12 

$3 „ f f 

$2 off 

Dresses, Skirt Sets, Pant Suits, Jumpsuits, Formals 
*1o“ »*1244 
“ s15io-s17,o-s2o3o 
TICKETED 
$13 AND $15 

MEN’S VAN HEUSEN 
No-Iron Sport and 

Dress Shirts 

IRREGULARS OF VALUES TO $ T 6 

Long point collars. Solids, stripes, and patterns. Qianas, Ulfressp, and poly- m j k 
^ 
^ ester/cotton blends. Long and short 
$ 
^sleeves. Sizes SM L.XL. and 1414-17. 
OUR USUAL $4.98.................... W s t o r S i o 

LADIES’ 
Summer Lounge Gowns 
$798 

TICKETED $1o . . . . 
# 

Irregulars of values to 
S24 
PolyesterAotton, and terry 
Prints and solids Party and lounge styles Sues S M I 

 rn 
MEN’S LEVI PANATELA SPECIALS! 

Blue Denim 
Jean Flares 

LADIES' 
Summer Dusters 

$4 . 

Irregulars of values to 
SI2. 

Polyester/cotton 
Prints and 

 solids. Sleeveless. Sires S M I. 

TICKETED $5 

Blue Denim 
Sport Coats 

IRREGULARS OF VALUES TO $7o 

$ | 9 7 7 

OUR USUAL $29.9o TO $34.9o 

Ladies’ & Teens’ Half Slips 
$1 68 
Irregulars. Nylon White Tailored and trimmed 
Dress and long to ankle lengths. S.MX XI 

Wide lapel. Two button front 
Center vent, fully lined breast pocket. Three front pockets. 1oo% cotton Sizes 
38-46 regular and long 

IRREGULARS OF VALUES TO $2o 

Brushed blue denim with contrast stitch. Triple seam 
<£ 
7 7 front pocket 
Pleat back 
" 

 pocket 1oo% cotton. Sizes 
M 
32 42 
" 

OUR USUAL $12.88 

LA D IES’ S U M M E R S A N D A L SA LE! 

★ Budget Sandals 

Irregulars and first quality of values to $12. White, camel, bone, and others. Some with rope trim. Mony in genuine leather Sizes 5 to IO. 

TICKETED 
$4 AND $5 

$ 
$44 7 

INFANTS' AND TODDLERS’ 
Summer Pant 
Sets 

First quality. Polyester. Short sleeve. 
Cute styles for boys and girls. Sizes 
I 2 to 24 and 2 to 4. 

TICKETED $5 
$ 4 2 7 

★ Sandals and Wedges 

Irregulars of values to 
$2o. 
Fabrics, genuine leather, man modes, some with leg wraps. Many made in Spain, Italy, and Brazil. 

TICKETED 
$6 TO $9 . 

$I off 

★ Famous Brand Shoes 

Mostly first quality to $35 Wedges, clogs, sandals, in white, cornel, colors. Mostly genuine leathers. Some are brands you IT recognize. 5 to IO 
TICKETED 
$ & M 
$f%72 
$ 1 1 5 5 
$1o TO $15...................... O 
*■ 
TF 
■ 
I 
I 

Estee Lauder Youth Dew 

4 -o z. Cologne 
$ 7 6 5 

COMPARE FROST 5 AT $8.5o . . . . " 

4 oz. Adele Simpson 
Collage Cologne 
$ 9 9 8 

FAMOUS PANTI-FREE 
I Panty & Panty Hose 

N EW A LL-IN -O N E G A R M EN T 

IRREGULARS O f VALUES TO $1.9 9 

IS 
Beige or suntan with assorted pan- ties. 
Sandalfoot. 
7 
Sizes AB or CD 
65 

J. 

I 

FAMOUS MAKER’S PLAIN KNIT 

All Nude Panty Hose 

SUPER SOFT, SUPER SHEER 

Irregulars of values to $2. rn 
M 
* 

Finest soft 
Wistell yarn 
A 
H 

Beige, sunton, and others 

Sizes P A T 

\ 
,y « I 
% 
I I if - 
H rn iiP i 

4 -o z. N o ir Lotion Hair R e m o v e r . . . 

 a* 
OO 

3-o2. Esoterica C r e m e ................................... s2 59 

Dorothy Gray Special! 
$ o 5 9 

16oz Orange Skin Flower Freshemer. 16oz Tex- s * 

 l l lure lotion 
!6or. 
Refining lotion. 
Sold 
A Zmm 

Elsewhere for $3 SO 

< 
% 
o m n I , i 
WE. 1\X"' 6 ' - 6 ss 
B mm. 

HI- i i■ 

P a g e 
1 4 - A 
^ 
S a n A n t o n io EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday M a y 1 5 I 9 7 7 
Grownups show o ff toys 

By DAVID HENDRICKS 

A bit of the Old West can be found at Ft. Sam Houston — a frontier landscape and the fa­ m ilia r choo-choo of an a p ­ proaching train. 
It’s all on a six by 16-foot table inside the Road Runner Recreation Center at the reservation. The model train dis­ play is one of the many hobbies on show at the 2oth annual Hobby Festi­ val. 
The festival continues today from noon to 6 p.m. inside the center and surrounding area. 
Pleased 
“ Nothing pleases us more than put­ ting this together and letting it run awhile for people to see,” Dick Valen­ tine of the San Antonio Model Railroad 
Assn. of the display said Saturday. 
He explained the layout is really in eight pieces, each designed and main­ tained by a member of SAMRA, which is 4o members strong. 
The rocky landscape is made of plaster, paper and styrofoam and in­ cludes tunnels, mine shafts and rock quarries. 
Two trains chug continuously in op­ posite directions past loading docks, 
Old West general stores, train stations, forests, water tanks and windmills, 

 made from either kits or from scratch, 
Valentine said. 
Both the landscape and the trains, which make authentic train sounds, are impressively realistic in their de­ tail. 
Valentine and SAMRA Treasurer 
Jim Wysong said they and other SAM­ 
RA members have larger and better model train layouts at their homes. 
The layout on display will be one scheduled for showing at a regional convention of model train fans in San 
Antonio next month, Valentine said. 
Not only are SAMRA members ex­ plaining the display to festival goers, they are handing out facsimile train tickets from the turn of the century on 
New York Central Railroad. 
The tickets are good for an imagin­ ary trip from St. Louis to San Antonio. 
Other hobbies 

Many other hobbies of all kinds fill the recreation center. 
Outside are other activities such as automobile and aircraft displays and cow chip throwing contests. 
One popular feature is a Wild West shoot-em-up show with ear-splitting gunfire by the Pearl Brewing Co. 
Gunslingers, starring Express-News artist Bob Dale. 
Food and musical entertainment al­ so are available for festival visitors. 

BIPLANE m a k e s a low p ass ove r M acA rth ur Field 

C O M FO R TA BLY p e rch e d on his b a ss b o a t is a s ­ sista n t Ft. S a m 
Houston outdoor re c re a tio n 
Dir. 
Les W alte rs 

A N TIQ U E cars disp lay O ld G lo ry a t Ft. Sam H ouston 

B ig p arad e 

BEHLIN (AP) - The 
Western allies marked their 32nd year in Berlin 
Saturday and for the first time in five years they staged a full-scale mili­ tary parade. 
The parade by some 
5,ooo men of the United 
States, 
British and 
French garrisons in West 
Berlin was viewed by about 2o,ooo spectators and passed without ser­ ious incident, police said. 
It was along the Street of the 17th of June, named after the East 
German uprising of 1953. 
The last parade of the allies in 1972 was marred by hundreds of protesting leftists and the com­ manders then replaced the annual march with a small honor guard cer­ emony at the Charlotten- burg Castle. 

PEARL G U N F IG H T E R S b rin g W e s tern action to the h obby show 

M O DEL train chugs through d isplay by San A ntonio M o d e l R ailroad A ssn a t Ft. 
Sam Houston H ob b y Show staff p h o t o s by h .m . d e a n jr 

( ho Jeer Ultra Hie atimy * araitahte Ic mini yen af ne cilia rh a) ye 
Furniture Co 

 favorite store save on LUCI?! wall paint... 
Save on home furnishings by all our famous-name manufacturers 
BAKER*BERVEN*BRANDT*DREXEL*HEKMAN»HENREDON 
HERITAGE*FLAIR*KARASTAN»SHERRILL*SIMMONS 
STIFFEL*THOMASVILLE*WEIMAN, Many others. 

Everything in our entire stock is reduced 1o% to 4o%. lf you want something not in stock, W E LL ORDER 
ANYTHING FOR YOU AT 1o% OFF. 

. LUCITE 
Wall Paint 

M o n t r f 
. „ rf. new ■ (flATLHCLEAr 
NO ME SS V ? H O U « o « y 

Applies easily with brush or roller— will not drip or spat­ ter. Covers most colors in just one coat. Dries fast to a washable finish. Tools clean up in soapy water. Reg. 
$8.99 Gal. 

OM ALL 

IM STOCK 
BED RO O M 
GROUPS. save on LifCSTl 
House Paint... 
LUCITE 

ON A LL U PH O LSTER ED SOFAS, 
L O V ESEA TS & C H A IR S IN STOCK 

ON A LL 
IN STOCK 
O C C A SIO N A L 
A N D ACCENT 
F U RN IT U RE, 
DESKS, 
P A R T Y SETS, 

BO OKCASES. 

A dependable latex formula which applies easilyiwith brush or roller. Dries fast to a bug-free finish. Toolsiclean up in soapy water. 
ON ALL 
IN STOCK 

D IN IN G 
RO OM 
GROUPS. 

Vista teftood I 
ON A L L D EC O R A T IV E 
D R A P E R Y AND 
UPHO LSTERY 

FABRICS, 
CARPETING, 
A R E A RUGS, 
BED SP R EA D S 
I 
A N D PILLOWS. 

ON A L L A CCESSO RIES, 

PICTURES, 
M IR R O R S AN D f. LAM PS IN 

— I 
STOCK. 

Y ONE GALLO* our host oil bose bouse point 

 redwood slain 

Seals in one coat to a natural red w ood color. D rie s in one hour— toolsrclean up in soapy water 
A f*gh-hfc*ng, non-cbafcing finish that resistsblistering and peeli- ng.cThe gloss finish sheds dirt. 
Whits only. Reg. $12.27 Gal. 

A chip-feastern finish for all sur­ faces Safe for children's things 
Contains no fraon. 

Professional results; com plete with all attachments 
Ro9. $149.97. 

A few A c c o u n ts A twtedf installment Plans-Extended credit 
National Credit cards Diner's Club carte Blanche, American Express 
MasterCharge Bank A m erican 

O N D IS C O N T IN U E D A N D O N E-O F -A 

K IN D IT EM S, F L O O R SA M P L E S, ETC. 

ON A L L S P E C IA L 

O R D E R S 

BUY WITH CMEIoENCE' 

MTItFACTiOtt 6UA1AMTEEo' 

M altier N NM) Stij,! IH M II 

2T1o AUSTIN hwt *1 wnne 
113-44*1 
Rector st. opposite N. star Mall • Open Mon & murs. ’til 9 • Phone 342-9411 
SHOP W OO ICO 9:3o A.M. TO 9:3o P.M. MONDAY THRU SATURDAY 

HOSTAGES 

ContiBQed from Page IA 

 window Saturday afternoon. 
The children, Danielle Blair, 13, months, and her brother, Isaac, 4, were unharmed when their mother dropped them into the arms of F B I agents a few hours earlier. 
The mother, Carla Blair, 22, was unable to jump out the second-floor window because the gunman returned to the room, authorities said. 
When the gunman discovered the children were gone, he poked his masked face out the window' and then retreated into the room. 

Agents outside motioned for her to toss the children, which she did, 
McKinnon said 
Emmett Moore, a neighbor youth, was released about 2:3o a.m. when 
Youngstown Mayor Jack Hunter paid 
$2,ooo cash the gunman had demand­ ed. The boy had beeh playing outside the back door of the apartment when he was taken hostage. 
At one point, the man saw television cameras and ordered that they be removed because he didn’t want any pictures taken, police said. 

“ He seems lucid, he has his highs and lows,” said McKinnon. 
Police said they believed the gun­ man was armed only with the 
38-caliber revolver he carried into the bank. 
Police and F B I agents negotiated with him by shouting up the stairs. 
Outside, Mrs. Blair’s husband and his brother kept a vigil. They declined to speak to reporters. 
The episode began Friday afternoon when the man entered the Lincoln 
Knolls branch of the Dollar Savings and Trust Co. wearing a gas mask, said McKinnon. 
Unlocked door 
He took an undetermined amount of money, fled out the back door and ran to an apartment complex behind the bank. He tried doors until he found one unlocked, police reported. 
Police did the same thing, and when officers entered, they were greeted by one shot from the top of the stairs. 
There was no further gunfire. 
The gunman was quoted by police as saying he was wanted for bank robbery in California and had spent seven years in a mental hospital. 
'He talked 
9 

DROPPED safely info the waiting arm s of an 
FBI agent is 
I 8-month-old Danielle Blair 
AP WIREPHOTO 

YOUNGSTOWN, Ohio (A P ) - 
Four-year-old Isaac Blair, who along with his infant sister was held hostage by a bank robber for nearly 24 hours, told his grandmother Saturday the robber “ had lots of money and talked bad.” 
Isaac, called “ Little Ike” by his family, and his sister Danielle escaped when their mother, Carla Blair, 22, dropped them from a second-floor window of their apartment to F B I agents while the gunman was out of he room. 
The children’s mother was still hostage. 
The grandmother, Willia Bowman, who lives in an apartment in the same complex, said the boy described the gunman as wearing a gas mask, some sort of vest and gloves. 
Isaac told his grandmother that he had been playing outside Friday even­ ing and had gone into the apartment to go to the bathroom. He apparently left the front door ajar, allowing the gun­ man access as he fled from the robbery of a branch bank nearby. 
Mrs. Bowman said Isaac told her the gunman came barging into the apart­ ment as he was going downstairs to return outside. 
SA. SCHOOL 

Con ti nard from Page IA opening date to March, 1978. 
The San Antonio State School was authorized by the 63rd Legislature in 
1973, but has never been funded. 
Basically what the conference committee did was accept the appro­ priations for the school contained in the Senate version of the spending bill. 
The Senate funding and operations recommendations for the school in­ clude: 
• Ten ward buildings at the San 
Antonio Chest Hospital campus to be used for the new state school. 
The House bill called for renovation of only six buildings, but inclusion of the TRIM S project in the school’s function required an additional 15o beds and the additional four buildings. 
Total renovation authorization is raised from $3.3 million in the House bill to $5.4 million under the Senate version. 
• Provides approximately $1.8 mil­ lion more in new residential services funding to cover the additional 15o-bed 
TRIMS program. 
A total of $4.8 million is thus recom­ mended for the residential services program in 1978-79. 
• Provides an additional $4o9,ooo for expanded outreach services with the addition of 15 staff employes in 1978, and 14 more in 1979 for a total of $1.8 million for the two-year period. 
The Senate bill also calls for a con­ solidated operation of San Antonio 
State School and San Antonio State 
Hospital with administration of the 

 an assistant school under superintendent. 
The House version had placed the school under a separate administration from the state hospital. 
The motion to accept the Senate proposal for the San Antonio State 
School, and thus relocate the TRIMS intensive care program, was made by 
Sen. Chet Brooks of Pasadena. 
“ Even though the TRIMS facility is located in my senatorial district, there are many advantages to locating this project in San Antonio,” he said. 
Under the House proposal. Brooks pointed out, $4 million would have been appropriated for the TRIMS project to be matched by local funds in Houston. 
When completed, it would have pro­ vided 1o6 beds. 
“ By utilizing the San Antonio State 
School,” Brooks continued, “ we are expending only $2 million, starting with 15o beds, and have a potential expansion to 56o beds. 
“ When you consider it from this standpoint you have not only saved the state money, but you have done so­ mething for your patients,” he said. 
Vale, who had worked with conferees to adopt the Senate proposal, said he was “ delighted to help bring this to 
San Antonio. 
“ This will help to greatly expand the scope of treatment for the mentally retarded youngsters not only of San 
Antonio and South Texas but the entire state as well. 
. “ It will be a tremendous economic boost to San Antonio as well,” he said happily. 
Panel hikes welfare while saving m o n e y 

EXPRESS-NEWS CAPITOL BUREAU 
AUSTIN - House and Senate negotiators gave an unofficial increase of $6o a year to reci­ pients of state aid to families with dependent children 
(AFDC) Saturday. 
In doing so, the joint Senate-House conference committee on appropria­ tions settled what had loomed as the most difficult part of their job in writ­ ing a compromise state spending bill for the next two years. 
Many regarded it as one of the most important developments yet to come from the committee meetings, which ended for the weekend late Saturday after five straight days of sessions. 
Under the compromise, the Texas 
Department of Public Welfare would be allowed to make discretionary pay­ ments to AFDC recipients at the rate of 
$66 per child enrolled in the program. 
The time element and the amount of each payment would be decided by the welfare department. 
In this way, the state would avoid making the payments an official part of the AFDC program, which would trigger reductions in federal supple­ ments for food stamps and rent sub­ sidies. 
Had the payments been made a part of the program this would have result­ ed in a reduction in each family’s food stamp and rent subsidy eligibility. 
Reductions 
Under the law, as income goes up these benefits are reduced accord­ ingly. 
By leaving payments of the AFDC 

 increase to the welfare department’s discretion, the money doesn’t become part of the official program. 

The welfare department may now pay the money directly to the families under any label they wish, such as cost of living increase. 
The unofficial increase will cost the state $26 million more out of general revenue funds for 1978-79. 

But negotiators pointed out it will also save $22 million. 
Had the $6o a year become part of the official AFDC program an estimated 
65million more Texans would have be­ come eligible for the program. 
Formula 

This is under g complicated formula which dictates that as the benefits go up, more people become eligible. 
The increase of 65 million more re­ cipients would have cost the state an additional $48 million in the next two years. 
The new AFDC level is also expected to please many House members who had fought bitterly during debate on the House appropriations bill to in­ crease AFDC $5 a month to $38. 
A compromise was reached during debate to increase the amount $3 per month. 
However, the Senate version of the appropriations bill had not called for any AFDC increase over the next two years. 
If the compromise is finally ap­ proved along with the rewritten bill by both houses of the legislature, it will mark the first increase in AFDC mon­ ey since 1969. 

Son Antonio EXPRESS-N EW S— Sunday M ay 15 1977 p 

SALE PRICES GOOD 
MONDAY-WEDNESDAY 
JUST SAY. . . 
H lls U 
"CHARGE IT! 
A. 2-SPEED 4-CYCLE 
HEAVY DUTY WASHER 

Iff 

REG. 
279.95*239 

2 w ashing and 2 spin spends 4 cycles lint filter 4 wash/rinse water temperature selections. Choice of 3 water levels. Soak setting on dial. Pump 
Guard to trap foreign objects. CHOICE OF COL­ 
O R S AVAILABLE AT NO EXTRA CHARGE. 
B. 3 TEMP S CYCLE 
ELECTRIC DRYER 

REG. $ 
199.95 177 

Whirlpool 

Special cool-d ow n care for Perm anent 
Press and knit fabrics. 3 drying tempera­ ture selections. Extra large lint screen, push-to-start button. Automatic door shut off. 

RiFRIGiRATOR'FRiiZER 

REC. 
§ 
339.95 299 

Automatic Self Defrosting Refrigerator Compart m ent Twin Slide Out crispers hold nearly “i bushel. Durable Porcelain enameled Interior resists rust, stains, scratches. Million M a g n e t' doors form a tight seal. Egg nest holds 14 eggs Man ual defrost freezer. Autom atic Interior Lighting 
Adjustable-Temperature Control 

5ooo BTU 
AIR CONDITIONER 
$ 

W hirlpool 

2-speed fan, 2 w ays air direc­ tions. Air changer, control. 
Adjustable thermostat, push­ button. Comfort guard con­ trol. Insta-Mount for fast in­ stallation. 

B i E U 
R 
E K A 

UPRIGHT 
VACUUM 
WITH TOOLS 

17,6oo BTU 
AIR CONDITIONER 

REG. 
389.95’366 

TES 

2 speed fan 4 way air direc­ tion Cools and heats for year round com fort. A dju stab le 
_ t h e r m o s t a t . C O M F O R 
Y|f 
I G U A R D * control. Pushbutton 
VV n i l l p o o l controls. Slide out chassis 

CAPEHART 

Exclusive 6 -W A Y D IA L-A -N A P Top-Filling dispos­ able dust bag. Daylight Headlight D U AL-ACTIO N 
EDGE K L E E N E R !J 

UPRIGHT 
VACUUM 
WITH 
TOOLS 
99“ 

WITH 

INCL. 

Disposable dust bag 6 position dial control. \ 
E d g e K l e e n e r s ® on b o t h s i d e s A t t a c h ­ ments included! 

STERIO 
SYSTEM 
WITH 
8 TRACK PLAY 
PLUS 
CASSETTE 
RECORD/PLAY 

*299 

Solid state A M / F M / M B X 
Radio with deluxe auto­ m atic record changer, 4 p u s h c o n t r o l s f o r p h o n o /casse tte , 8-track pl ay. D e l u x e cassette player/recorder. 

STEREO WITH 
8.TRACK TAPE 
PLAYER 

* 1 4 8 

A M /F M stereo, auto, record changer, & headphone jack. 

® S A R I Y O 

COLOR PORTABLE 

IOO1* Solid state chassis. Automatic tine* tun.no (AFT) Keyed automatic gain control. 
(AGC) built in telescoping dipole antenna. 

Ut S A N Y O 
12" DIAG. 
BLACK/WHITE 

$ 7 o 95 m M REG 89.95 

1oo% Solid State Instant-on picture sound. Auto gain control. Ideal now in time for outdoor fun! 

^ SSAIX Y O 

19 "DIAG. 
BLACK/WHIfE 

* 1 4 4 

Automatic, Gain Control, 1oo% solid state circuitry. 
UHF/VH F tuning. Save now'□ 

23" DIAG. 1oo% 
SOLID STATE COLOR 
CONSOLE TV 

* 4 9 9 
REG. 577.oo 

1oo% Solid stole chosis with power sentry voltage regulating system. Brilliant thromocolor pic­ ture tube. Pure control. Auto­ matic fine-tuning control. Medi­ terranean styled console. 

Tappan GAS 

 o r ELECTRIC RANGE 

*1991* 

REG. 
239.95 
OUR 
CHOICE 

Fast flexible top burners. Big 2 5 " all porcelain oven Lift-off oven door. Roll-out broiler, adjusts easily. 

TAPPAN MICROWAVE 
OVEN 

Save energy and time and money. 
Features automatic Defrost cycle. 
Cuts cooking time up to 75% No installation — fits on kitchen counter. 

REG, 299.95 

* 2 5 3 

Electrophonlc 

HOME RECORDING 
STEREO SYSTEM 
*158 

You get 8-track recorder . . . BSR re­ cord changer . . . A M /F M Stereo radio 
. . . 8-track tape player . . . “ Du- cone" Audio system in matching wal­ nut cabinets . . . and the rollabout cart too! 

ItC il non 
REG. 669.95 
25" DIAGONAL COLONIAL 
OR MEDITERRANEAN COLOR 
TRAK CONSOLE TV'S. 
*629 

1 o o % Solid state chassis. A u to ­ matic fine-tuning automatic keyed gain control. Your choice of either 
Colonial or Mediterranean. 

IN.DASH AM/FM 

23 CH. CB RADIO 

#14T4oo 

1 1 8 
V tC il 

CB ANTENNA IM S) 8 
9.88 

COMPLETE 
WITH 
BATTERY 

12" DIAGONAL 
1oo% SOLID STATE 
BLACK WHITE AC/DC 
$148 
EUSA 

1o o % Solid state chassis for reliability. 
Convenient front-mounted controls include. 

WOOLCO MAKES IT EASY TO SHOP a n 
H H E S M 
I AM K AM E m c A R O M A J T t * C M A X G t 
WOOL CO C A RD 
* Convenient Time - Payment 
L 
* Convenient Lay-Away Plan 

W O O L C O RISER V IS TH I RIG H T TO LIMIT Q U A N T IT IIS — N O T R IS P O N S IB L I FOR T Y P O G R A P H IC A L E R R O R S . 

IOO G ill RD. 
48o3 WEST 
527 FAIR 
2214 S.W. 
271o AUSTIN 
8111 MEADOW IEAF DR 
NEAR W ONDERLAND 
COMMERCE 
AVENUE 
MILITARY DR. 
HWY. AT W A IZE M 
NEAR M ARBACH A T N .W .4 1 o 

732-2211 
434-9481 
533-8166 
924-1441 
653-4461 
675-9671 

SHOP WOOLCO 9:3o A.M. TO 9:3o P.M. MONDAY THRU SATURDAY 

 y---------------------- 
BUY WITH CONFIDENCE! 

SATISFACTION GUARANTEED! 

I f F U C M H o» M O N I' M C P K F u tD ID is 
Ja 

Page 
I 6-A 
San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— 
Sunday May 15 I 977 

LADIES' 
EXTRA LARDE 
■ BLOUSES 
5 

LADIES' 
EXTRA-LARGE 
SHORTS 

TERRIFIC SELEC 
H O N IN C LU D E S 
T U N IC ! S M O C K 
AND TIERED Tops w ith b e lt tr e a t ­ m e n ts , e x c itin g trims. Solids, prints, stripes and polka 

 i f dots in polyester or acetate/nylon knits and p o ly e s te r/c o tto n c a lc u tta . A ll m a­ chine washable. 38 
44. 

16 OZ. 
POLYESTER 
POLY-FIL 

MONDAY & TUESDAY SAVINGS! 
WE WANT TO BE YOUR FAVORITE STORE 
SHOP MONDAY THRU SATURDAY 
^9j3oAM j9j3oPM AND"CHARGE IT!" 

M m 
S 
W h 
H h 
MENS 
PRE-WASHED 

- b ib I 
OVERALLS ■ 

REG. 1.67 

RIGHT GUARD 
DEODORANT 
8 OZ. 

REG. 
1.33 9 9 < 

Helps keep dry and odor-free all day. 

DISPOSABLE 
■ 
LIGHTER 

$3 

Select from wash a b le , a s s o rte d colors. In solids & prints. 

12 PACK 
CANNING 
JARS 
PINTS OR QUARTS 
YOUR CHOICE f 8 8 
S cs. 

REG. 2.97-3.57 

BAYER IOO CT 
'NON-ASPIRIN 
2 s i r n f o r 
I REG. 99' 

64 OZ. 
PEPSI 
OR 
7-UP 

I 48 

 a 

■INSULATED TV 
CHARACTER MUGS 
CHAMOIS 
93* 

IOO' COD OIL tanned. Has many uses. 

U N A S S E M B L E D 
IID STEEL 
WAGON 

1 2 44 

REG. 15.96 

Rugged steel. Bright red fin­ is h . W id e th re a d tire s . 
35” x16"x4' 

JIG 
SAW PUZZLE 
ASSORTMENT 
66I 
REG. 88‘ 

 t 

Choose from 8 different sub­ je cts. 1ooo pieces. Land­ scapes, seascapes, still lites, many more! 

22X48" BATH 
TOWELS 
I J J 

15X26" HAND 
TOWELS .... 38< 

13X13" WASH 
CLOTH .... 

1 1 
1 
■> 

ASSORTED 
WINDOW HADES 
1 

47 

REG. 2.97 

Semi-translucent. Attractive yet durable. Cut to size. 

REG. 1.84 

REG. 13.96 

A Tremendous buy in work overalls from one of the best m a n u fa c tu re rs — H ic k o ry 
Stripes & Blue Denim. Sizes 
26 38. 

JUST SAY. . . 
"C H A R G E IT! 

VINYL AIR | 
MATTRESS 

REG. 1.56 

Durable m ade air m attress. 
Bargain-priced. 

« * » print . ~ 

* i P 
; 
A i . 

' "o 

! » is 
* 
I •' w 
■ - W 

RAMERO 11o-12 
OR 126-12 FILM 
75 REG. 89' 

Daylight or blue flash. Beauti­ ful, ultra-clear photos. 
I 

G.E. 
FLIPFLASH 
BULBS 
19 
REG. 1.27 

16"x2o” MIRRORS 
GRAPHICS 
88 
REG. 6.57 
4 

Stunning wall decorations to e n h a n ce any ro o m . S ilk screen on framed mirror. 

Easy new way to weld! 
Takes only minutes to learn! 
88 
REG. 29.97 
22 

Easy to weld w ith. Brazes, welds, cuts solders, buy now! 

RURAL MAIL 
BOX 
£ 9 7 

WOOLCO PRICE 

Enamel over galvanized steel. 
6 1oW x 8%H x 18UL. 

Use G.E. FlipFlash"' bulbs for the new Kodak Trimlite for 
Tele-lnstamatic 8 flashes. 

CITTI! IMME 

4o LB. BAG 
CATTLE MANURE 
1 19 
I REG. 1.57 

Organic complete non-burn­ ing. Fertilize your lawn. Now! 

’ " 'N 

3 TRAY 
TACKLE BOX 
5 
41 

REG. 7.99 

3 trays w ith 25 com p art­ ments will hold fishing gear. 
2 tone browns. 

JUMBO 
BOWLING BAG 
6 
81 
REG. 8.79 

Big. big selection of bowl­ ing bags in assorted styles and colors. Hurry over! 

 men's 'n boy's action shoes 

Reg. 6.96 

COVERALL 
LATEX PAINT 
$7 
2 

GALS 
FOR 

Applies easily with brush or roller. Dries fast rinse in l soap water. 

2 pr. 
O O 
Special buy 

Sporty oxford in white vinyl uppers trimmed in blue. Padded collar and non-marking soles. 
Great for outdoors or indoors! Men's 'n Boy’s sizes. 

 m f * V I S comfy casuals! 

Choose from slip-on or tie. Made from tough canvas uppers on bouncy rubber soles. Cushioned insoles. Assorted colors. Men’s sizes. 

NoRCoN CRASH 
HELMETS 
W 
86 reg. 15.99 

Padded fo r p ro tection, w ith strong chin strap. 
Adult sizes S-M-L-XL. 

91 
Reg. 2.96 

 men's slip-on deck shoes! 

Also available in tie! Washable canvas uppers, cushioned insole, non-skid soles. White or blue. 
Men’s sizes. 

Womens deck shoes! 

Washable canvas uppers, cushion insole, non-skid soles. White or blue. Women’s sizes. 

WOOLCO MAKES IT EASY TO SHOP 

HS5S5? 
I H 
H 
B 

LMERICARO MASTER CHARGE 
WOOLCO CARO 
Convenient Time - Payment 
Convenient Lay away Plan 

W O O ICO RESERVES THE RIGHT TO LIMIT QUANTITIES— NOT RESPONSIBLE FOR TYPOGRAPHICAL ERRORS. 

IOO GILL RD. 
NEAR W ONDERLAND 
732-2211 

SHOP W( 

48o3 WEST 
COMMERCE 
434-9481 

DOLCO 9: 

527 FAIR 
AVENUE 
533-8166 

3o A.M . T 

2214 S.W. 
MILITARY DR. 
924-1441 

O 9:3o P.M 

271o AUSTIN 
HW Y. AT W ALZEM 
653-4461 

. MONDAY TH 

8111 M EADOW LEAF DR. 
NEAR MARBACH A T N . W . 4 1 o 
675-9671 

RU SATURDAY 

STAND ARD ^ 
SHOCK ABSORBERS 

Sd 
™ E A . INSTALL 

Improves handling, steer­ ing response. Quality with economical price. Original e q u ip m e n t quality. 

BUY WITH CONFIDENCE! 

SATISFACTION GUARANTEED! j 
REPLACEMENT OR MONEY GLADLY REFUNDED 
S---------------------- 
>A 

WW Y 
4 
... We want to be m i favorite stow 
> - 
41 
•: 

 ladies’ all w hite peasant blouses 
6W. 7 W 

W O O I C O I O W BR IC ES 

COOL, FLATTERING peownt necklines tho! look so great with summer White Shorts ond Fonts 

 tined polyester/cotton voile with flyaw ay 

 sleeves and florol screen printed fronts The 

Overblouse in eyelet embroidered polyester/cotton with short puffed sleeves, 

 drawstring waist Ail White, all easy core, all eosy-on the budget' S M -l sires 

Styles available may vary from those pictured 

SALE GOOD MON..TUES. white with tri-color trim m a t c h m a t e s 

SLEEVELESS OVERBLOUSE...8.97 
SHORT SLEEVE BLOUSE.... 6.97 
ZIP FRONT PANTS..............9.97 
ZIP FRONT SHORTS............6.97 

DOUBLE KNIT POLYESTER 
SPORT CO ATS I 

 m s O 
B 
REG. 
24.99-29.99 

 misses’ 8-16 white pants 

8 
” 
. 9 
” 

W O O IC O IG W PRICES 

CHOICE 
OF 
M A N Y 
STYLES in woven textured polyester, cotton denim and (crinkle cotton. Fly front styles with band waists, multi-color ribbon, stretch or gold belts, rain­ bow stitch and embroidery trims. 

Styles available may vary from those pictured 

 juniors’ 5-15 white shorts 
4 97* 5 
W O O ICO LOW PRICES 
9 7 

G reat assortment of styles including basic western yoke bock styles, rainbow stitched trims, pocket detailing, belt loops, hemp belts, more. All with fly front styling in cotton denim ond polyester/cotton blends. 

Styles available may vary from those pictured 

*7 

Expensively detailed lark.ts doublekmt tor loop wear, comfort, wrinkle resistance 
W ith flap pockets, center vent, notched lapels 
Blue plaids and checks plus blader styles in navy blue, tan, brown Sues 36 to <16 regular Short and long 
DOUBLE RNST 
POLYESTER m m 
S U C K S 

W HAT A W A Y TO LOOK FOR gsummer$ Spork ling W hite double knit polyester accented with bright tri-color striped rib knit trim. Collared 
Overblouse with striped armhole and cinch belt. 
Blouse with striped cuff and waistband. Pants and Shorts have striped waistbands ond side in­ serts. Create your own fashion with these care­ free, high styled “ go-togethers" at Woolco's unbeatable low prices! 

LADIES' SLEEVELESS 
DUSTERS 

WOOLCO 
PRICE 

For gals who like their at-hom e fashion cool, comfortable ... And machine wash­ able. Choice of 2 styles in popular colors. 
S-M -L and extra size 38 to 44. 
"CHARGE IT r f 

You'd expact to pay much more tor slacks with these extra tea lures dress slack styling, flare bottoms, belt loops, besom back pockets 
Blue. white, tan. navy, brown, green. Sues 29 to 42 

K M 
M 
M 
K N t 
PRISS 
SPORTS & 
DRESS SHIRTS 

REG. 4.96 EA. 

Choose from all tho new prints and solids plus those with contrast stitching on collar and pockets 
Woven and knit fabrics Blue. brown grey, green, melon, rose Dress sues '4 to 16’^ Sports S-M-L 
XL. 

MERS 1oo% COTTON 
CUT-OFF SHORTS s5 

 ll illtim-r 

LADIES' LONG 
NYLON GOWNS 

SINGLE 
DROP SIDE 
WALNUT CRIB 
U 7 
*43 
FOR 
REG. 4.17 EA. 

WOOLCO 
PRICE 

Machine washable gown ultra-feminine trims and details. Mint, blue, rose, peach, white. 
Sizes S-M-L. 

• Standard full size crib 
• Toe-touch bar 
• All round plastic rails 
• 2 levels height adjustment 

\ 

FOAM 
RUBBER 
CRIB MATTRESS 
13 
REG. 
16.99 

• Foam innerspring 
• W ith posture-perfect construction 
• Standard size 

HI-BACK 
CIRCULAR WALKER 

 s 13 
REG. 
14.99 

• Walker/feeder/TV Seat 
• Padded seat, swivel, wheels 
• Safety strap, play beads 

Frayed leg rugged and brushed denims sporting the popular CB pat­ terns. Navy, blue, white, tan. Sizes 28 to 38. 

BOYS’ SHORT SLEEVES 
KNIT SHIRTS 
3J 5 
REG. 1.96 

Cool, comfortable 1oo% cotton in polo styles, crew necks. Solids, stripes and jac­ quard patterns in group. Sizes 8 to 16. 
BOYS' PERMANENT 
PRESS CUT-OFFS 
I $7 
OTI FOR a 
REG. 4.96 EACH 

Polyester/cotton denim twills with frayed legs, 4 pockets Blue, navy, green, browns, plus prints. Sizes 
8 to 18. 

WOOLCO MAKES IT EASY TO SHOP 
WOOLCO RESERVES THE RIGHT TO LIMIT QUANTITIES— NOT RESPONSIBLE FOR TYPOGRAPHICAL ERRORS. 

I AN KAME RICARD MASTER CHARGE 
WOOLCO CARD 
• Convenient Time - Payment 
• Convenient Layaway Plan 

IOO GILL RD. 
48o3 WEST 
527 FAIR 
2214 S.W. 
27 1o AUSTIN 
8111 M EAD OW LEA f DR. 
NEAR W O N D ER LAN D 
COMMERCE 
AVENUE 
MILITARY DR. 
HWY. AT W A IZEM 
NEAR MARBACH A T N . W . 4 1 o 

732-2211 
434-9481 
533-8166 
924-1441 
653-4461 
675-9671 

SHOP WOOLCO 9:3o A.M. TO 9:3o P.M. MONDAY THRU SATURDAY 

 r 
BUY WITH CONFIDENCE! 

SATISFACTION GUARANTEED! 
^ r e p l a c e m e n t o r money g l a d l y r e f u n d e d ^ 

» 

Page 
I 8-A 
H 
San A ntonio EX P R ES S-N E W S— Sunday M a y I 5 1 9 7 7 
Witness: Slaying price 'jacked up’ 

% JERRY DEAL 
F THE EXPRESS-NEWS STAFF 

HOUSTON — Accused slayer 
Vernon McManus planned to make an extra $8,oo9 on the killing of a Baytown couple. 
Pool hustler Ben Milton Tabor said 
Saturday Mc Manus had “ jacked up the price” to Paula Cantrell Derese to hire a killer for the slayings of her parents, 
Mr. and Mrs. Paul Cantrell. 
Tabor said he actually was only con­ ning McManus into believing he had found a professional killer for the murders. 
Tabor’s statements concerning the money cam e du rin g the capital m urder trial of McManus, a former 
San Antonio McArthur High School football coach. 
Scheme 

The state contends the C antrells were murdered in a scheme whereby 
Mrs. Derese was to get two-thirds of her parents’ estate and insurance, less money for the professional killer and 
McManus was to get one-third. 
Mrs. Derese, who pleaded guilty to first degree murder last week, testi­ fied McManus told her he had paid a total of $2o,o(1o for the “ hit man.” 
Tabor Saturday repeated how he had swindled McMrfnus and Vernon Olney out of $12,ooo they gave him for a non-existant professional killer named 
“ Irv.” 

“ McManus said he jacked up the figure to her,” the con artist testified. 
Olney, a former business partner of 
McManus, is accused of conspiring to murder and awaits trial. 
The bodies of the C antrells were found early July 25. They had been strangled and their throats had been cut. 
Defense Attorney Mark Vela asked 
Tabor if his hair was its natural color. 
Told it was, the attorney inquired what color his hair was last July. “ The same,” Tabor replied. 
“ Wasn’t it gray in July 1976?” Vela inquired. Tabor answered no. 
The killings were allegedly commit- ed by a man with a beard and mous­ tache and graying or light hair. 
McManus, who has brown hair, had a beard and moustache July 24, but was beardless the morning after the murders. 
Tabor was asked what he did with the $12,ooo. “ I spent it,” he answered. 
Horse races 

He added he lost some of it at the horse races. 
Tabor testified he was in Odessa when he heard McManus and Mrs. 
Derese had been charged with two counts of murder in connection with the slayings. He said this was the first time he had known the Cantrells had been killed. 
He said he eventually fled to Dallas, hiding under the nam e Kenneth 
Sanders. 

He said he was afraid of both the law and McManus. He was apprehended as a material witness last Sept. IO. 

He agreed to testify in return for no prosecution for swindling the two men. 

When Vela asked Tabor if he had agreed to return the $12,ooo, prosecu­ tor Mike Hinton jumped to his feet and objected. The objection was sustained. 

Vela then asked Tabor if he had re­ ported the money to the Internal Re­ venue Service. The witness replied he had not. 
Diamonds 

“ Are you still trying to sell those diamonds?” Vela asked, referring to another attempt Tabor made to swin­ dle McManus and Olney. 

A: “ No sir,” Tabor said. 
Q: “ When did you quit?” 
A: “ When I began running.” 
Q. “ Are you sure you’re not trying to sell the jury those diam onds right now?” 

There was no response. 
Banking tran sactio n s m ade by 
McManus and Olney were related by bankers from Beaumont and Baytown in the only other testimony Saturday. 

The trial resum es Monday with friends of Mrs. Derese scheduled to testify. 
SNIFF! Youngsters risk their lives 

Portrait presented 

LT. G O V . Bill H obby Jr., left, Saturday presented a portrait o f his father, form er G o v. W illiam P. H obby, to the Sam Houston 
Regional Library and Research Center at Liberty. Suprem e Court 
Chief justice Price Daniel accepted the portrait fo r the library. — 
A P W irephoto 

S.A. doctor heads 
TMA 

ASSOCIATED PRESS 
HOUSTON 
- Dr. John M. 
Smith Jr., a San Antonio physician, was installed Saturday as the new president of the Texas Medical As­ sociation. (TMA). 

Dr. Mylie E. Durham Jr. of Houston was named presidentelect. He will take over as president in May 1978. 

Dr. A.J. Gill of Dallas was elected a new TMA vice president; Dr. Ben R. 
Keller Jr. of Arlington was re-elected treasurer and Dr. James G. Morris of 
Lubbock was reelected secretary. 
The outgoing president is Dr. L.S. 
Thompson Jr. of Dallas. 
Delegates authorized the TMA’s dis­ tinguished service award to be p re­ sented next fall to Dr. Wendell H. 
Hamrick, a long time Houston surgeon who now lives in Dickinson. 
Hamrick willl receive the associa­ tion’s highest honor for his more than 
3o years of contributions to medicine, including serving as president of the 
Harris County Medical Society in 196o and numerous offices in TMA and other organizations. 
Pat Durham, wife of the new p re­ sident-elect, was named p resid en t­ elect of the Woman’s Auxiliary to the 
TMA. The Durhams are the first hus­ band and wife team elected to the same offices of the two organizations. 

Tony W edig's class went 

 hunting for glue-sniffing sites in San Antonio and had an appallingly easy 

 time finding them. This 
N o rth S id e lo ca tio n , 

 near San Antonio Inter­ national Airport, was lit­ tered with used spray and solvent cans. It took 

 only a few minutes to gather the pile below. 

Rodney Rodriguez and 
Larry Smith, left, found 

 cans in thick underbrush as well as in heavily wooded areas. A t right 

Rodriguez shows W edig 
(right) some of the par­ aphernalia. M any cans had punctures (below), where users tried to get the last drops of aerosol propellant out 

City Hall listens 

City Hall can act. You just have to get its attention first, several Lee High 
School students have learned. 

The students had become alarmed at the increase of aerosol abuse among 
San Antonio’s young people. They took their concern to City Hall and talked with a city councilman and city legal officials. 

They were told there was already an ordinance on the books which made the sale of glue and spray paints to minors illegal. 

The students checked the law and didn’t feel it was effective. They said so. Loudly. 

“ The law; requires stores to post a warning that minors can’t buy glue,” one student said, “ but it doesn’t re­ quire any warning about spray paints. 

“As a result, people know the stores ca n ’t sell glue to kids, but nobody knows it’s illegal for them to sell paint.” 

Sometimes when you talk to City 
Hall, City Hall listens. 

A spokesman for the city attorney’s office told the Express-News that a change in the ordinance was in the works. 

“ We’ve been asked to amend the law to require stores to post signs advising that spray paints can’t be sold to minors. They will be the same type signs now used to stop glue sales,” said the spokesman. 

He acknowledged the law was ori­ ginally amended to prohibit spray paint sales to minors in 1972. 

“I don’t know exactly what prompt­ ed the sudden interest in changing the law after five years,” he said. “ But I do know some kids came to City Hall and asked some questions and weren’t too happy with the answers. 

“ That got the issue raised and pro­ bably helped get things started. 

What they 

Sniffers choose from a dazzling ar­ ray of spray can products in order to get high. But the can’s contents pro­ vide a lethal bonus of toxic chemicals and solvents. 
Here are some of the things which may happen when the sniffer inhales from his favorite spray can. 
SPRAY PAINT: 
Metallic paints contain such solvents as methanol, hexane, benzene and hydrocarbons. 
They w'ork to break down organic matter, such as body tissue. Freon, the propellant used to expell the can’s contents in a fine mist, literally freezes the lining of the nose and lungs, shut­ ting off oxygen. 
Paints also contain metal particles which can accumulate in the blood and body tissue, causing weakness, acute liver damage and blood disorders. 
SPRAY-ON COOKING OIL: 
In ad dition to oxygen deprivation caused by the propellant freon, the sniffer also coats his nose and lungs with slick, non-porous vegetable oil, slowly suffo­ cating himself. 

 do to you 

INSECTICIDES: The solvents ben­ zene, methanol, hexane and chlorinat­ ed hydrocarbons act to depress the central nervous system. The sniffers breathing is slowly anesthetized, lead­ ing to paralysis and death. 
Insecticides contain both natural and chemically derived poisons designed to destroy the nervous system of insects. 
The product is equally deadly when sniffed by human beings. 

DEGREASING AGENTS: The most popular of these currently arc auto­ motive solvents, such as carburetor cleaners. The ability of the solvents to break down and dissolve grease, oil and caked-on sludge makes it easy to destroy body tissues. 
The list of items used by children to sniff grows each day as they discover new products. 
All aerosol products, in one form or another, contain a complex assortment of solvents, propellants and other che­ mical compounds harmful to the body. 
They can cause permanent physical and mental damage or death. 

Continued from Page IA 

 legal, inexpensive and readily availa­ ble in the sniffers’ homes or at the corner store. 
“ It’s positively scary, said Richard 
Gee, one of the Lee students. “ Even little kids with an allowance can afford to buy and sniff just about anything he wants.” 
Added another stud en t. L aura 
Zausmer, “ Nobody was doing anyth­ ing. A few people — very few — are aware it is happening, but everybody said it wasn’t their job to do anything about it. 
Councilman 

The .students talked to City Council­ man Glen Hartman, who admitted he wasn’t aware the city law forbids the sale of spray paints to minors. 
“ He said it was just te rrib le , thanked us for our concern and sent us away with a pat on the head,” Miss 
Zausmer said. “ It was discouraging.” 
City officials told the Express-News an amendment to city codes is being prepared to require store owners to warn custom ers that sp ray paints would not be sold to minors. 
Larry Smith, one of the students, said the students were amazed that law enforcement officials were caught in an ironic bind of the law. 
“ Sniffers caught by police are usually young kids,” he said. “ They are turned over to juvenile authorities and charged with public intoxication. 
They can’t stop them or arrest them because they’re kids.” 

A juvenile officer told the Express- 
News, “ We usually send them home with their parents and they go right out and sniff again. There’s not much else we can do.” 
City Prosecutor Baldemar Jiminez confirmed the inability of law enforce­ ment to deal effectively with juvenile sniffers. 
“ We can’t touch the kids. The stuff they sniff is legal and the stores don’t know what they’re going to do with the stuff when they buy it.” 
Wedig, the teacher, said the students investigated sniffing hideouts and checked with friends in other schools about the problem of aerosol abuse. 
“They found two places on the North 
Side, one near Marshall High School and ano th er near San 
Antonio 
International Airport, that had been used by kids to sniff paint.” 
Student Narciso Garza said, “ We found that kids were sniffing stuff all 
Stories by David MeLemore 
Photos by H. M. Dean Jr. 

 habit. 
“ Some things have been done,” We­ dig said. “ The federal government now' requires a label be placed on aer­ osol products warning that abuse may be harmful. 
“ One manufacturer, Testor’s, Inc., has voluntarily added oil of mustard to its products to eliminate the possibility of their being sniffed. 
T h a t’s something, I guess.” 
In researching what the state legis­ lature has done, the students found that not all manufacturers have acted so quickly. 
Killed it 

“ The Texas M anufacturers Assn. was successful in killing a bill by State 
Rep. Bob Vale in the 1975 session,” said one student. 
“They said it would cost too much to add the oil of mustard. But Testor’s said it cost them less than Vi of a penny. That d o e sn ’t seem like too much to save lives.” 
V ale’s bill would have required manufacturers of toxic substances to put the oil of mustard additive in their products before they could be market­ ed in Texas. 
Vale has reintroduced the bill in the current legislative session. The mea­ sure’s chances aren’t considered good. 
The students, with W edig’s gu i­ dance, have prepared a booklet of their own on the problem of sniffing. 
San Antonio College has agreed to print the material and will also 

 provide space for a workshop the stu­ dents hope to conduct this summer. 

Drug Abuse Central will also include the information in its catalog of drug abuse material. 

Joining the other students in the sniffing workshop project were Pam 
Churchill, Karen Coindreau, Terry 
Dunkley, Steve Fitzpatrick, Coby Han- och, Schuyler Horn, Bill Matthews, 
Denise Nance, Danny -Quick, Chris 
Raby, Rodney Rodriguez and David 
Wittier. 

Laura Z ausm er sum m ed up the group’s feelings. “ We got real mad because nobody cared,” she said. “ We want people to know' w hat’s going on so this thing can be stopped. 

“ If we can get people concerned, maybe then they will see it is their job to do som ething to stop kids from killing themselves.” 

 over town. Everybody knows of some­ body who is sniffing. It’s really sad, but it’s everywhere.” 
Jo rg e Cordova, another student, checked with drug abuse agencies and other education services. “ There just w asn’t any good, solid information about sniffing,” he said. 
Primer 

“ What little they had wasn’t always correct.” 
He noted one booklet, entitled “ Drug 
Abuse: A Realistic P rim er for P a r­ e n ts ,” d istribu ted by D rug Abuse 
Central. 
It sums up the entire problem of aerosol abuse and what parents can do about it in only 144 words. 
“ It’s not really the agencies’ fault,” 
Cordova said. “ They exist on grants from government and private groups. 
No one is interested enough in the subject to spend money to find out what’s going on.” 
Carolina Delgado, treatment direc­ tor at MANCO, told the Express-News, 
“ Our hands are tied due to lack of money. The aerosol abuse problem is apparently not illegal enough to war­ rant much attention.” 
MANCO has treatment facilities for about 3o victim s of aerosol abuse. 
MANCO and police officials estimate 

 there are about 8,ooo young persons sniffing chemicals in San Antonio. 
“ People think it’s some strange 
West Side cult,” Mrs. Delgado said. 
“ But it’s much more than that.” 
Cordova said, “ It really made us mad. People we talked to, parents, officials, even other kids, don’t think it’s a serious problem. 
“They act like it’s a little worse than drinking and a little better than dope. 
But kids can and do die from it. The people just say it’s the kids’ fault.” 
Wedig noted that the sniffing prob­ lem is not re stric te d to the U.S. borders. Youngsters in England, J a ­ pan, Mexico, Canada and other countries have picked up the sniffing 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday May 15 1977 
Privacy panel to urge new restrictions 

NEW YORK TIMES SERVICE 

WASHINGTON — The Privacy Protection Study 
Commission, in a final report to be released early next month, is expected to recommend severe restrictions on the government s right to obtain confidential information about an individual without the individual’s knowledge. 
These restrictions would, if they become law, mean that the investigative agencies of the federal government would no longer have access to records in the private sector such as those maintained by banks, insurance companies, medical offices or telephone companies “ without the consent of the individual.” 
Exceptions 
This recommendation, like the others, incorpor­ ates exceptions to its own rule. One of these would be in a case involving in an illegal undertaking. The commission will recommend that if such an indivi­ dual’s consent is not obtained, the request to look at his private records should be made “ through re­ cognized legal process,” such as a subpoena. 
The commission’s report, a result of its two years of work, is still in its rough draft, according to sources on the commission staff. But it is understood that all seven commission members have approved the recommendations. 
Privacy act 

The commission was set up by the Privacy Act of 
1974 and charged with examining and proposing remedies for actual or potential invasions of indivi­ dual privacy, particularly outside the government, an area that was largely ignored by the original act. 

Poge 19-A 

Dirt diggers 

KATHY DUB, 9, trowels soil into a paper cup while Liz Sepulveda, 9, waits her turn 
Saturday at San Pedro Library, where school-age children planted beets to grow in their rooms at home. — Staff Photo by 
Steve Campbell 
Ford strategic plan scrutinized 

NEW YORK TIMES SERVICE 

WASHINGTON — The Carter administration has started a thoroughgoing reassessment of a Ford administration strategic policy, which hypothesized crippling of the Soviet Union’s ability to recover in a nuclear war, the Defense Department disclosed 
Saturday. 
The review has been undertaken by the National 
Security Council and the Pentagon. It marks a potential shift from a policy enunciated earlier this year by former Defense Secretary Donald A. Rums­ feld setting the strategic requirement of delaying the recovery of Soviet power and influence for as long as possible. 
• The new retaliatory doctrine was publicly out­ lined for the first time by Rumsfeld in the Defense 
Department’s Annual Report for fiscal year 1978. 
The document was issued Jan. 17, three days before the Carter administration took over. 
Although the doctrine was put foward by Rums­ feld, it was largely shaped by his predecessor, 
James R. Schlesinger, according to administration sources. 
Defense Department officials confirmed that the strategic retaliatory concept, which goes beyond previous such doctrines, was under study as a result of a “ decided difference of perception between Har­ old Brown and his predecessors.” 
, Defense Secretary Brown has said that the concept 
— which required the United States not only to retaliate but also to attack Soviet cities, military targets, end___________________________________ 
High school graduations 

A MONOFLEX ROOF is being applied to this house, that will not only seal the surface against leaks, but will also insulate it against heat and cold. A Monoflex roof can save you hundreds of dollars by reducing your utility costs over the years. No matter what type of roof you have, Monoflex can be expertly applied directly over your old roof, whether it s shingles, gravel, metal, or roll roofing. Monoflex can also be applied on your exterior walls for extra insulation. Stop by Coating Specialists at 342 Sandau or call 349-4828 for a courteous estimate. 
(Pd. Adv.) 

Seniors graduating from 
San A ntonio a re a high schools are preparing for commencement exercises during M ay and June. 
High Schools bv district and the graduation dates and times follow: 
A LA M O H E IG H T S 
ALAMO H E IG H T S HIGH 
SC H O O L — C erem onies will begin at 7:3o p.m. May 
27 in Laurie Auditorium. 
E A S T C E N T R A L 
EA ST C E N T R A L HIGH 
SCHOOL — Graduation ex­ ercises will be at 8 p.m. 
May 3o in the Convention 
Center’s Theater for the 
Performing Arts. 
E D G E W O O D 
E D G E W O O D 
H IG H 
SC H O O L 
— 
Com m en­ cement will be at 7:3o p.m. 
June 4 in the Municipal 
Auditorium. 
K E N N E D Y 
H IG H 
SCHOOL — Exercises will be at 7:3o p.m. June 3 in the Municipal Auditorium. 
M E M O R IA L 
H IG H 
SC H O O L — C erem onies will be at 7:3o p.m. June 2 in the 
Municipal 
Auditorium. 
FT. SAM HOUSTON 
R O B E R T C O L E H IG H 
SC H O O L — G rad u atio n cerem onies w ill be at 8 p.m. 
M ay 
26 in 
Laurie 
Auditorium. 
H A R L A N D A L E 
H A R L A N D A L E 
H IG H 
SC H O O L 
Commencement will be at 8 p.m. M ay 2o in the Mun­ icipal Auditorium. 
M C C O L L U M 
H IG H 
SC H O O L 
— 
E x e rc is e s begin at 8 p.m. M ay 19 in the Municipal Auditorium. 
JU D S O N 
JU D SO N HIGH SCHOOL 
— Graduation begins at 8 p.m. M ay 27 in the Theater for the Performing Arts. 
N O R T H E A S T 
C H U R C H IL L 
H IG H 
SC H O O L 
— 
C h u rc h ill's com m encem ent cerem on­ ies begin at 8 p.m. June I on the Blossom Athletic 
Center’s football field. 
L E E H IG H SCHOOL - 
Exercises will be at 8 p.m. 
M ay 31 In the Blossom 
Athletic 
Center gymnasium. 
M A C A R T H U R 
H IG H 
SC H O O L — C erem onies will be at 8 p.m. M ay 27 in the 
Blossom 
Athletic 
Center. 
R O O S E V E L T 
H IG H 
SCHOOL — Graduation will be at 8 p.m. M ay 3o in the 
Blossom Center. 
N O R T H S ID E 
JO H N 
J A Y 
H IG H 
SC H O O L — C erem on ies will be at 7:3o p.m. May 25 

 in Northside Stadium. 
H O LM ES HIGH SCHOOL 
— G raduation will be at 
7:3o p.m. M ay 26 in the 
Northside Stadium. 
M A R S H A L L 
H IG H 
SCHOOL — Exercises will be at 7:3o p.m. May 27 at 
Northside Stadium. 
R AND OLPH 
R A N D O L P H 
H IG H 
SC H O O L — C erem onies will be at 8 p.m. May 26 in the high school auditorium. 
SAN AN TO NIO be at 8 p.m. May 24 in the 
Convention Center Arena. 
W H E A T L E Y 
H IG H 
SC H O O L — C erem onies are set for 8 p.m. May 24 in the Municipal Auditorium. 
J E F F E R S O N 
H IG H 
SCHOOL — Graduation will be at 8 p.m. May 25 in the 
Convention Center Arena. 
B U R B A N K 
H IG H 
SC H O O L — Cerem onies will be at 8 p.m. May 25 in the Municipal Auditorium. • 
H IG H L A N D S 
H IG H 
SC H O O L — C erem onies are set for 8 p.m. May 26 in the Arena. 
ED ISO N HIGH SCHOOL 
— Ceremonies are set for 8 p.m. M av 26 in the Mun­ icipal Auditorium. 
L A N IE R HIGH SCHOOL 
— G radu ation exercises will be at 8 p.m. May 27 in the 
Convention 
Center 
Arena. 
SA M H O U ST O N H IG H 
SC H O O L A N D J A P H E T 
SCHOOL — Ceremonies for 
Houston High School and graduating seniors from 
Japhet School for the han­ dicapped will be at 8 p.m. 
May 27 in the Municipal 
Auditorium. 
S C H E R TZ -C IB ILO - 
U N IV E R S A L C IT Y 
S A M U E L 
C L E M E N S 
H IG H 
SC H O O L 
— 
C e­ remonies are set for 8 p.m. 
May 26 in the Theater for the Performing Arts. 
S O M E R S ET 
S O M E R S E T 
H IG H 
SCHOOL — Exercises will begin at 8:15 p.m. May 27 in the 
Som erset 
High 
School Auditorium. 
SO UTH SAN 
SO U T H 
SAN 
H IG H 
SCHOOL — Graduation will be at 7:3o p.m. June I in the Convention Center. 
S O UTH SID E 
S O U T H S ID E 
H IG H 
SC H O O L — C erem onies will be at 2 p.m. May 29 in the Theater for the P e r ­ forming Arts. 
S O U TH W ES T 
S O U T H W E S T 
H IG H 
SC H O O L 
— 
Com m en­ cement will be at 8 p.m. 
May 27 In the Southwest 
Stadium. 

 r 
, 
’ 

--Y. 

3 

 in o« d e p a r t 

^ t b s 

Save ta moles that 

 ore scratch®® 

 d e p a rtm e n ts . 

T i. 

" S S I 

^ ^ ■ L a c k 's Coliseum 12 lo 7 ■■ 
TO D A Y ONLY 
FLOOR SAMPLE 

'—'S t 

3-Pc. Living Rooms 

Your choice of 3 styles in Herculon or Vel­ vet ... 13 sets in all. Includes sofa, chair and loveseat. Hurry for these! 

TTT Tm 
J: ’ T 

M E 3 8 & 

Sealy Bedding 

 low $ 
7 
7 
TWIN as t i rn 
SET 

We're closing out odds and ends of famous Sealy bedding. Some match, some do not ... but ail are great sav­ ings if you hurry! 

FULL SIZE 
SOQ 
2-PC. SETS ....................... low as V T 

2-PC. SETS .................. low as T IO O 
KINGSIZE 
$1 JLA 
3-PC. SETS .................. low as IOO 

 wiistJ E N s i V £ 
Carpet Close Out 
Room Size Remnants 

Dozens and dozens of room size remnants and small sizes. From 6 x9’ up to full room sizes. All colors, many patterns. Priced as low as up 

Nylon Hi-Los 

Over 6oo yards of 1oo% 
Nylon hi-lo from E& B 
Save! j. Nylon Shags 

Over 65o yards of assorted shags ... nylons and oth­ ers! Seal 

& 

Color TV Consoles 

Famous brands like Quas­ ar, and Zenith in 23” and 
25” diagonal picture sizes. 
Prices begin at 
$499 up 

Microwave Ovens 

CREDIT TERMS 

Use Lack's Personalized 
Ii 
Payment Plan, BankAmericard | or Master Charge! 
UST HOUi’b* 

San Antonio EXPftESS-NEWS— Sunday May 15 1977. 

 v 
* 
Q uite a spectacle 

Models display sunglasses designed by French fashion designer 
Pierre Cardin on display at the Duesseldorf optical industry s 
“ Optica 77" exhibition. — AP Wirephoto 
They’re run down, but they ’run good’ 

Move over Hertz, Avis and Na­ tional — you’ve got new competition in the ear rental business. 
It’s “ Rent-A-Wreck,” an automo­ tive rental service for the budget- minded. 
Minneapolis businessmen 
Spencer Segal and .Jerry Olson operate Ole’s Rent-A-Wreck, where customers take their chances rent­ ing lunkers for flat fees of $1(1 a day or $55 a week. 
“ We even have air conditioning in 

 some of our cars,” Segal brags. “ It doesn’t work, but it’s air condition­ ing.” 
The Rent-A-Wreck fleet consists of about 35 junker cars, or however many of them Olson and Segal can coax into service on any given day. 
Segal dismisses the physical flaws in his cars as secondary con­ cerns. He insists the cars are safe and claim s most of them “ run good.” 

This one’s a 
Yankee derby 

On your mark. Get set. Plant. The 18th annual 
Yankee Pumpkin Derby is on. 
Two weeks ago, the first Sunday in May, in a barn on Leslie and Blanche Geer’s place in Had- lyme, Conn. — known locally as the Yankee 
Pumpkin Hall of Fame — Geer carefully alotted pumpkin seeds in sealed envelopes to the 39 con­ testants. 

The finish line is the first Saturday in October when the contestants return to the barn and cart their fruits to the scale. It’s serious business hereabouts. 

Contestants,who come by invitation only, get 3o seeds from the preceding year’s winner. Growing methods are not restricted but must be revealed at the weighing time. It is one of the few rules and it often reveals some unusual things about the pumpkins and their growers. 

“ I never prophesize about pumpkins,” said 
Geer. “ Pumpkins are funny people.” 
Woman wages worm warfare 

A California worm wholesaler has gone to court to collect payment from a worm farmer who is allegedly trying to wriggle out of a business deal. 
Geraldine Usrey, a large-lot worm dealer from Huntington Beach, Calif., has filed suit in Allegheny County Common Pleas Court seeking payment for 
15o,9oo red worms. 
Mrs. Usrey shipped them to William Shipley of Turtle Creek, Pa. in March, and he has refused to pay the bill of $837.5o plus shipping and handling charges. 
Shipley, who breeds th** worms for bait dealers and gardeners, claims the worms were too small and that Mrs. Usrey erred w hen all 15o.o(H) worms were delivered at once. 

Tlip Side 

 of the N ew s 

From now on they’ll frisk all the garbage 

One man’s garbage is another man’s escape, or so it turned out for 
William Lawless, 22. 
As a trusty at the 
Black Hawk County Jail in 
W aterloo, 
Iowa, 
Lawless has access to the garbage cans, so on 
Friday he stuffed his 
5-foot-11 frame into a plastic garbage can and covered him self with trash. 

Two other inmates carried the can, under a jailer’s supervision, to a hallway and when the 

 coast was clear, Law­ less climbed out and headed to the ground floor. 

IF YOU’RE BORED you might want to try out a new sport grow ing in p o p u la rity in northern 
France — underwater polo. The game is played by two teams o f five for four periods of five minutes each with two minute breaks between the periods 
— AP Wirephoto 

Another ugly 

 duck 

There is a male yel­ low-headed vulture at the Cincinnati Zoo that thinks it is a mother. 

The vulture has hatched a duckling and is babysitting two of them. 

Zookeepers started the experiment by giv­ ing the vulture a hard-boiled egg. The vulture dutifully spent hours sittin g on it. 
Later, a duck egg was used, but was found to be infertile. A second egg was hatched one day after it was as­ signed to the vulture’s care. 

The vulture has helped teach the two ducklings how to eat properly, said a spo­ keswoman for the zoo, and the ducklings have accepted the vulture as their protector. 

The vulture is the father of the only yel­ low-headed vulture born in captivity. 

Lazing on a log 

A brow n bear drapes him self over log in balm y weather at G reat Adventure Entertainment and Safari Park in Jackson Township, N.J. — 
AP W irephoto 
U.S. devising tactics to pressure Vorster 

N EW YORK TIMES SERVICE 
ABIDJAN, Ivory Coast 
— The United States is reviewing a series of possible strategies — some symbolic and some punitive — that would signal to South Africa just how strongly the 
Carter administration is committed to fostering significant change in ra­ cial policies. 
Those measures, as outlined by several State 
Department officials meeting here, include the w ithdraw al of United 
States military attaches from Pretoria, the South 
African administrative capital, the ending of ex­ changes of intelligence information, the reduc­ tion of Export-Im port 
Bank guarantees for in­ vestments in South Afri­ ca and denial of permis­ sion for visits to the 
United States by certain 
South Africans just as certain Americans have been denied entry to 
South Africa. 
Options 

A senior State Depart­ ment official taking part in four days of meetings here conceded that such options as well as a number of others that he would not specify had been prepared by the of­ fice of 
W illiam 
E. 
Schaufele Jr., Assistant 
Secretary of State for 
African Affairs. 
The official said that these “ pressure points” were contingency plans at the moment and that it was inconceivable that they would be discussed at the meeting in Vienna next Thursday between 
Vice President Mondale and Prime Minister John 
Vorster of South Africa. 
That meeting, accord­ ing to the official, will be the clearest signal to date of the im portance the 
Carter administration at­ taches not only to the possible resoution of the problems of Rhodesia and South-West A frica but also to the need for serious change in South 

Africa. 
What was underscored by several of the 35 
American Ambassadors at the meeting was that the Carter adm inistra­ tion had moved beyond condemnation of aparth­ eid to the formulation of an active policy. 
Both Andrew Young, representative at the 

United Nations, and Vice 
President Mondale have said that the United 
States was no longer committed to the south­ ern African policy pur­ sued when Henry A. Kis­ singer was secretary of state. 
Under his approach the 
United States agreed, in effect, to lim it its pres­ 

 sure on South Africa to largely philosophical cri­ ticism in exchange for 
V orster’s cooperation with regard to Rhodesia and South-West Africa. 
Now, as explained by of­ ficials at the meeting, the 
State Department is no longer w illin g to hold back on South Africa. 

 lO S ANGELES TIMES SERVICE 
LISBON - The contro­ versial visit of U.S. Am­ bassador to the United 
Nations Andrew Young to 
South Africa is again in jeopardy because of 
“ re strictio n s” which would give him hardly more than “ honorary white status,” Young’s executive assistant said 
Saturday. 
Stoney Cooks, Young’s close aide, told reporters aboard Young’s plane en route here from Monro­ via, Liberia, that because of the South African go­ vernm ent’s proposed lim itations, “ there’s a good possibility we won t be going to Johannes­ burg.” 
Limitations 
Cooks said possible curbs included refusing to allow Young to fly into 
Johannesburg aboard his 
U.S. A ir Force plane, therefore downgrading his diplomatic rank. He would have to arrive by commercial airliner or chartered aircraft from 
Maputo, Mozambique, where Young w ill have attended an 8o-nation 
United Nations spon­ sored conference. 
Another possible con­ dition is that Young arrive unaccompanied by reporters who have been traveling with him throughout his two week 
African tour. 
A third imposition now being advanced by the 
South African govern­ ment is that the size and makeup of 
Young’s meetings with university students and perhaps 

Moc-toe tassel combines leather with linen plug 

Making its entrance as a leading spring style is this moc-toe tassel slip-on by 
Johnston & Murphy. It smartly combines a linen plug with either brown or blue leather 
75.oo 

UNMISTAKABLY 
Johnston 
& Murphy 

On Alam o Plaza— Central Park M a ll— W indsor Park M all 

Frank Bros. 

Cooks said it appears that '‘while the South African govern­ ment is publicly saying yes, behind the scenes it is testing how much it can get aw ay with . . . in hum iliating him ’ 

 other groups be limited, and entry to these ses­ sions supervised by go­ vernment authorities. 
Humiliation 
Cooks said it appears that “ while the South 
African government is publically saying yes (to 
Young’s v is it), behind the scenes it is testing how much it can get away with . . . in humi­ liating him.” 
Cooks said 
Young would not decide about making a Johannesburg stop until next Saturday, after Vice President 
Mondale and South A p i­ 

 cian 
Prim e M inister 
John Vorster have con­ cluded th e ir talks in 
Vienna. 
“ Andy (Young) doesn’t want to upset the chances of success at the 
Mondale-Vorster meet­ ings,” Cooks said. 
Both Cooks and Tho­ mas 
O ffenburger, 
Young’s longtime press aide, denied that Young’s 
“ private v is it” to Jo­ hannesburg had, in fact, been cancelled by Wa­ shington as being badly timed. Not only had his intentions to make the visit clouded the atmos­ phere for the Mondale- 

Vorster talks, but it also apparently had irritated the South A frican go­ vernment at a time of a 
Western nation diploma­ tic offensive to pressure 
Vorster into giving Na­ m ibia, or South-West 
Africa, its full indepen­ dence. 
Openly critical 
As A m erica’s U.N. ambassador, Young has been outspokenly critical of South A frica ’s lega­ lized discrim ination against its black majori­ ty. As a black, and disci­ ple of the late Rev. Mar­ tin Luther King Jr. in the 

Featuring Hart Schaffner & Marx 

 and Hickey-Freeman Clothes 

On A lam o Plaza 

Central Park M all 

W ind sor Park M all 

Young trip in peril 

Southern c iv il rights movement, a Young visit at any tim e and under any conditions would make the south African government uneasy. 
Young’s last visit to 
South Africa was in 1975, when, as he said aboard his plane, “ I made many friends.” 
Young’s return visit, if it comes about, is at the invitation of South A fri­ can business tycoon 
H arry 
Oppenheimer, coupled with a request from the liberal South 
A frican U niversity of 
W itwatersrand in Jo­ hannesburg. 
Oppenheimer original­ ly had arranged for 
Young to address a din­ ner of black and white businessmen and intel- lectuals on 
May 21. 

' 

 fJiichey-^freeman 

 offers “ Burma” for 

 summer comfort 

Hickey-Freeman’s magnificent 
Burma cloth is something you must experience this season. 
It’s a super-fine blend of wor­ sted and polyester that’s soft and lightweight in character; wrinkle-resistant during the most sultry temperatures; graceful in drape and lux­ urious in feel. And Burma® cloth suits are expertly tailor­ ed by Hickey-Freeman’s mas­ ter craftsmen............. 325.oo 

THE GREAT INDOO 

F o o tlig h ts E n co re, Regular 
$8.99. Cushion-back tufted nylon pile carpet in 9 pat­ terns, 12 colors. 
___ 
In sta ll it yo ur- 
^ 9 9 self! 
»q. yii. 

New G enerations Reg. $ 9 .9 9 
5 pretty patterns in 12 col­ ors. Freedom flor finish is stain resistant, durable and easy care. Cush- 
/■ V O Q ion inner layer. 
/ 
* 
W -q. y«l. 
A rtistry III, R egular $1o.99. 
Shag plush nylon pile carpet in IO multi-tones. Twisted a n d h e a t - s e t yarns help retain resiliency. h- 

T o u ch o f B eau ty , R eg u lar 
$ 1 o .9 9 . Sculptured cut and loop nylon pile carpet in 9 d o u b l e - d y e d , tone-on-tone col- 
£ £ 9 9 

O r S . 
O s q . y H . 
T o u c h o f V elv et, R e g u la r 
$ 1 4 .9 9 . All-nylon pile sculp­ tu re d c a rp e t w ith sub tle pattern. Soft but -m -■ q q re silie n t. In 13 I I 
^ warm colors. 
>d 

Priers Good thru May 3I>I 

I P 
R 
H on aH Sears carpets with full descriptive 
B H R m P H H I information 
See our many fine values and 
S S S S n w S r a y f l p 
( hu t k th is la b e l n o w 1 

Body-pam pering towels of thick and thirsty 1oo% cotton. Solids, floral, jacquards. Matching acces­ sories on sale. 

Bath Colormates in uj to 15 brilliant colors! 

Ask ab o u t Sf*ars cred it plans 
Sale en (h 

Semi-sheer panels or textured draperies...all sizes on sale! 
2 4 x 3 7-in. rug 
R egular $ 5 .4 9 
5x6-ft. carpet 
R egular $24.99 
Bath size towel 
R egular $ 3 .9 9 

8 2 .5 9 Hand towel 

$ 1 . 2 9 W a s h c lo th 

$ 1 9 .9 9 H am per .. 

Lyric textured draperies arc machine washable! Tumble dry, and these Per* ma-Prest® draperies need no ironing! 
In choice fashion colors. 

SAVI. 37% ! 
Q Q 
48x84 in. long 
Regular $13.oo 
^ 

$ 2 1 .9 9 D ouble drape 
$ 1 9 .9 9 Single drape . 

$ 7 .4 9 W astebasket ... 
................... 1 1 .9 9 
SAVE $3o Two Speed Vacuum with four height adjustments 

O ther sizes on sale 

H<Kul.ir tVn«- 

o o x 8 P in 
12o\84-.n in AN EXCEPTIONAL k t a m # 

R egular $89.95 
As seen on TV 

Sale ends 

9 6 x 8 1 -in . I-w a y 

Sem i-sheer S p in d rift. . . rod-pocket panels of Dacron® polyester batiste you ran machine wash and tumble dry. 
Available in st variety of colors! 

Regular $3.1o, 4ox45 in. 
6 I 
Look at all you get at this low price: 

Ht-K»ilar Pric«- 

Four height adjust­ ments for low pile to dense shag. 

Twin fans for uni. form cleaning across en­ tire width of vacuum. 

Beater brush helps get out deep-down car­ pet dirt. 
4 o x 6 3 -in 

1ox8 tin 

 tvtwu i' m fl u i ii i ll m uni nTnvn’nm’i i hi i ■ i 
o o x 6 3 -... 

o o x 8 1 -iii 
6ox81-in 
81x81-1.. 
128x8 Pin 
I 7 2 x 8 l~ in 

Prices Good thru Sat., Ha' 21-I 

Downtown Plaza Store 
Soledad at Navarro 
Mon. and Thurs. 9:3o-9 
All other days 9:3o-6 

Military Drive Store at Pleasanton Rd. 
Mon. thru Sat. 
9:3o-9 

Central Park Store 
San Pedro at Loop HO 
Mon. thru Sat. 
9:3o-9 

REARS, ROEBUCK AKO CO. 

Satisfaction Guaranteed or Your Money Back 

INSTALLED 

San A n tonie E X P R E S S - N E W S — Su n d ay M a y 15 1 9 7 7 

Home and Hardware Values 

Save *59 in chest- 
-•'v''— i cabinet 
— --I combination 

Rugged C ra ftsm a n 2- drawer chest with handles and 2-drawer cab inet combination. Casters. 

•59.99 2-drawer chest 

 separate 

•99.99 2-drawer cabinet 

I 2-ineh Turbo Vents with Mashing 
O , 
/;o88 

 separate 

Ask A bf>ut Sears 

Convenient 

Credit Plans 

 lo u r 

Choice 

A. $8.99 flex handle 
B. $9.99 1o-pc. socket set 
C. $7.99 1o-in. pipe wrench 
D. $8.99 electric engraver 

Lift engines, stretch fences, up­ root shrubs, just pump lever handle. Large ratchet cover. 
Automatic let-down safety cate .. 
Drop-forged steel hooks. Use .s hoist or winch. 

Installed per pair undone story walkable root. Ex tern ally braced for ad d ition al .strength in storms and high winds. D urable alu m i­ num construction resists rust and corrosion. Noiseless bearings w ith “ locked in” lubricant for easier turning and longer lite. 

Save *4 to *5 on these Sears Best Paints 
H a rd w a re p ric e s in effect thru M ax 2«5tli 

(t eg u la r SE5.9*1 W e a t h c r b e a t c r 
Covers any color with one 
( coat. Non-yellowing and V c mildew resistant ............... gallo n 

Regular $ I .'{.OO Exterior g 
O il base e x te rio r dries quickly to a hard finish. 
Sale ends M ay 25th.......... g allo n 

Exterior oil-9*o65 
SAVE ‘25 on Sears Best garage door opener with digital control 

• Non-Ye 
Washdo 

33oo5 
V 

Enjoy convenience and security in any kind 

 of weather! Digital control lets you set your 

 own personal code . . . 512 possible codes. 

Door automatically reverses if obstructed 

 going up or down. Powerful la-H P motor. 

 mor*ruvilanlinm 

 ti. Regular S I 1.99 Las} laving flat paint 
Covers with one coat is washable and durable. 25 colors................... 

I). R e g u la r .SI E D D L a te x sem i-gloss 
Washable, durable, colorfast and spot resistant, one coat coverage .. 

Includes transm itter and receiver 

 gallon 
91oo5 

78oo5 

Full warranty at time of application 
Sears paints, when applied according to directions, will cover any color with one coat (except rough or textured surfaces) where indicated by checkmark in the chart or you get necessary additional paint or your money back. 

Full warranty tor years specified 
When applied according to directions, if paints fail in any of the respects indicated within the years specified, you get necessary additional paint or your money back. 

$1 pin lf__ resjstan f 

33oo5 

In t e r io r p a in t 

78oo 

•2 off Sears Best 
4-in. paint brush 
•2o O ff! Sears cement mixer 

Ideal for on the job. at 
Kegulur home, or on the farm ! m 
W it h sem i-p n eu m a tic 
J / \ tires. mmi JU 

Alum inum construct ion. 
White enamel top. Built­ in gutter, m ill-finished 
Special PurehuM posts. Adjustable mount­ ing hinge. A special pur- 
(ll; "■ f 'k chase though not reduced v I r | v 
J is an exceptional value. 
A ^ y 
S P E C IA L O R D E R IN S O M E S T O R K S 

B u ild in g M a te ria l sale p rices iii effect thru M av 31st 

Tapered polyester and ny­ lon brush for use with latex and oil-base paints. 

$3o.99 Paint lank... 19.99 

On sale thru Mav 28th 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday M ay 15 1 9 1 7 

NATIONAL 
Sears motive 

Complete brake job 

Compare—Here'*. bat You Ce! . . . 
Complete Brake Job Includes: 

• I urn al! drum *: m achine or resurface rotors 
• Iti'iall custom "round ALL NEN* SH O ES or 
AI I NEW DISC PA D S im I u heels 
• Itcliiiild all u heel b lin d e r s anil or calipers 
• Install ALL NEW return and hold-down springs 
• In-tall N|- W front oil -cal- 
• Icepack front wheel hearing*. 
• In-pect master cylinder and rear wheel seals 
• Inspect parking brake a>-emlil|i 
• Iii-p cct all hydraulic lines 
• Elu-h. bleed hydraulic system 
• R oad test car 

2 5 ,o o o m ile w arranty 

L IM IT E D WARRANTY: If within 25,ooo miles of vehicle use after installation the brake linings or disc pads installed by us on private passenger vehicles wear out, we will furnish replacem ent' linings or disc pads free of charge. You will pay installa­ tion cost pro rated on the percentage of warranted miles actually received. 

R e g u la r SHO.OO D isc or f ront and Hear Drum 79 99 

Complete tune-up 

W e'll install points, co n d en ­ ser, rotor, air filter and C ham ­ pion plugs. S e t tim ing. Test carburetor, distributor, battery a n d s t a r t i n g sy ste m . A d ju s t idle. Q u a lity road te st. Add 
$8.33 for Vega air filter. Addi­ tional p arts available at extra cost, (if needed). 

Oil C hange 
Regular oil change helps to protect your car. Up to 5 qts. of I OW-3o oil. 

Electronic spin wheel balancing 

 t-uhccl.. Regular #16 

8 8 ll 

Above services for most Vmeriean-made ears 

1-wheels 
Computerized meth­ od helps give scientific accuracy in both sta­ tic and dynamic bal­ ancing for most radi­ als, belted tires and light truck tires. 

\ilililioriiil .KK | „ r w hirl tor " 'I t ( .” wlii'i l- 

3o off custom-styled air conditioners 
319" 

Reg. 8 3 4 9 .9 9 
Sears B e st! 

Full warranty on air conditioner for period of time specified 

F o r p e rio d of tim e s p e c ifie d o f auto­ m o b ile o pe ratio n from date of pur­ chase o f a ir co n d itio n e r, w h ich e ve r o c cu rs firs t, 
Sears w ill re p a ir any d e fe ct in m ate ria l o r w o rkm a n sh ip free o f charge. 

T h is w a rranty se rvice is a va ila b le by sim p ly retu rning the a u to m o b ile in w h ic h the a ir c o n d itio n e r w as in s ta lle d to any Sears store 

W arranted for 36 months or 36,ooo m iles! 
Custom-styled to fit most American-made cars. 5 louvers. 3 speeds. 

Econom y air conditioners 

Warranted 12 months or 12,ooo miles. 2 louvers adjust 4 ways. I 
--speeds regulate air movement. 
R 
$219.99 
,99 

Save $3 on SteadyRider shocks 

R egular 
*12.99 

Sears Best heavy-duty shocks! Help your ear gi\e a smooth ride under most driving conditions. Sizes to fit most American-made cars, imports, pickups, vans. Fast, low cost installation a\ailable. 

L im ite d w arranty on S teadyR id er shock ab so rb e r for as long as you own the ve h icle 

 lf S teadyR id er shock abso rbe r fa ils w h ile the o rig in a l purchase r owns the car. it w ill be repla ced upon re­ turn. free ot charge, or the purchase price w ill bo re funded lf the d e fe ctive shock ab so rb e r was in s ta lle d by Sears, we w ill in s ta ll the new shock abso rbe r w ith no charge (or la bor lf the d e fe c tiv e shock abso rbe r was not in sta lle d by Sears, in s ta lla tio n of the re p la c e ­ m ent shock abso rbe r is not in clu d e d under th is w a r­ ranty T his w arranty does not co ve r shock abso rbe rs in s ta lle d on v e h icle s used to r c o m m e rcia l purpose s 

SAVE 
Sears 36 battery 

 er)K3FLN - o/To9RS KSVEE15 OHAN3 

. ; I c » i M r / * i H c suti'HMHM a c t u nvpiu ( i n i r A U w i n i 
L f ever cm.* c l i m a t e / m u t t a r u v*.rt;u/<L r u t x n nmuw 
I/ H W t * j u a n t u n 4 u ivt uniut t m v r u; ruftv/wu ut a t i ta u n t/ / * n o n u / m t a m m u /aim m r a r n u t f u n u a t u n u r o h 
Jf /tin tnt i n u i t in f m i n n j t t f tmfxi u t n i U'U noojt en/.iv/joi t MtnnJM innuvt, vav/Jittitu iu*w> uuwui n u u i t i t1 ti int l 
I aaanj vat nu a int mjunv.iu u.uHii,ii<i uuaiu f 
C n t n a m 
' i r i i n u v t t w » 4 » > » o r - f . i i i i I t m 
. a 

B P IC J O S R - B X R E o 9 C V IB G A B P G tux o r uu l, I 'r o u u ti i k ri uuivi. C avie- u o i.L 'i.n ita a ii ruiwus •Mi.MMi.Trtici «w*»v vt.iii urvti> vn'iaa unumim,' 

 u u j u u u c , r t « c i v v c u i u . w a v ju v i n * . t o c . s i , s 

VV I U . I . K I U ll kl t i t VU. I A U U It I U T U J t i l . V 
V U I U I ' l l i 1. I U ' ll U t t i ivni t lr > v\i ut ii ,i rn ii 1111 • un vt nu 1 ,a 

 f'tiio tii.'iv in nubtiuiKS mu ituui yuiiuiUiOium 

Battery perform ance characteristics rated for pow er accord­ ing to Battery Council In ternational standard* (G rou p 24C ) 

C o l d c r a n k i n g p o w e r 
H r » r rv « r a p a c ity 
A m p. h o u r cvuparity 
N u m b e r o f p l a t e . l § c r s h \ J S K e 7 

3 o o am ps. 
8o m inutes 
5o 
54 
Maintenance-free...you never add water 

Replace now! Here’s a battery with adequate cold cranking power for starting most e a r s ...plus reserve capacity for han­ dling accessories. F it most American-made ears. 

R egular *39.99, m arine battery with trade-in 3 4 .9 9 

Ask about Sears D ieliard battery . . . now also avail­ able for Volkswagens and m arine use 

Regular *29.99 
23 
9 9 

 with trade-in 

Save on lift needs 
Save o11 travel needs— s 

Save *2 on 2-ton hydraulic jacks 

Reg. SI 4.66 
1299 

Ri g. *2 o .9 9 4-Ion jack .... 18.99 
Reg. *2 8 .9 9 6-ton jack .... 25.99 
Reg. *2 7 .9 9 1o-ton jack .. 33.99 

$2 off jack-stand holds up to 2Vi tons 

Reg. 9 .6 6 
9 9 

Handy pin-type. Lifting range from 13 to 21 inches. 

Save s2o on Sears Best. . . the 
X-Cargo auto top carrier 

Sears finest cargo carrier! Holds 
Regular $74.99 up to 16 cu. ft. of luggage. Molded 
£ * 
A (JC) plastic shell has tight-fitting gasket to resist moisture. 

V2 
PRICE 

Sears Oil Filters 

Full-flow design filters all the oil before it reaches the engine. By­ p a s s v a lv e a l l o ws oil to flow around filtering elements. 

LIMIT 12 

R e g u la r S I . 6 6 

9 
9 

Install in front or rear of car. Ideal if your car has a big engine or air conditioning. 
Fit most American-made cars. 

R eg. *29.99, Sears B ooster shock abso rb ers 

2 
4 
" mm .rn. pair 

R egular *49.99, A ir-adjustable shocks 

3 
9 

VALUE it WEEK 

Handle up to 1ooo lbs. of extra weight in rear of car. Just add air at service station. 
Fit most American-made cars. 
99 

 p a i r 

Ask about Sears credit plans 

Save 7* quart 
Sears 1oW-3o oil 

B eg. 5 6 
5 2 t 

Sears 1oW-3o helps provide full range engine protection for all - weather driving. Stock up now and save! 

Price l.ood thru June 6lh 

Save ,3 on Sears* basket carriers 

C o lla p sib le —for f ii 11-8i ate ra ra . 
41%x36-in. 
16 
99 

Regular $2.39 clothes bars 

H a n g c l o t h e * across hack scat on car hangers. I 69 

*9.99 station wagon pads 

Patchw ork quilt- look. Size 72x4Ix 
I inch deep. 7 
99 

Save *15 Sears speed control 

R e g . 
SR6.66 7 
4 
99 

Holds car at a steady pace on level roads or up or down-hill. 

H e i i i A w i i i v o d f i l l ' l l \ 1 mV 
I 
* ----- I - 
“ * 1“ — “ 
“ " *’ “ *-*-4 

NATIONAL nutononveGuardsman 4-ply nrTi|i,i inn I 
J 

SET OF 
4 ONLY 

Light truck tires 

ETH-1ELT Blackwall 
—no lrad<‘ iii 
42 76 pin- #2.HT 
I ederiil 
K ximm- lux 

O ur lowest priced TH series light truck tire! Cool running heat shield base corn pound. 78 series profile for traction. 

Hears 
A d v en tu rer an d 1*1. Rating 
S cars P rim 
Black w all 
F lu . 
F.E.T. 
K78-I IE I 
(7.oo-1 IEI 
6-ply 
) 
I2.7(i 
2.ll 7 

G78-I5ET 
(6.7o-1 SET 
(7.1o-I5LT 

6-plv 

) 
) l(».Til 
3.27 

1178-1 SET 
(7.oo-1 SET 
6-plv 
) 
1.7(» 
3 .3 o 

A78-13 blackballs and old tire plus 81.72 F.E.T. on each tire 

• Strong polyester cord body plies 

• Built to rigid quality standards 

Looking for a low priced tire that's designed to provide excellent performance? Then look at Sears Guardsman 
4-ply! Strong polyester cord body plies help give dura­ bility and smooth ride. 6 rib tread design with hundreds of road-gripping sipes helps provide good traction, even in wet weather. Check these low prices before you buy! 

Sears 
Guardsman and old tire 
Sear* price 
Blackwall 

 p l UH 
F.E.T. 
A78-13 
16.5o 
1.72 
B78-13 
18.5o 
1.82 
C78-14 
2o.5o 
2.o1 
E78-14 
21.oo 
2.23 
F78-I4 
22.oo 
2.37 
G78-14 
24.oo 
2.53 
56o-15 
2o.5o 
1.77 
G78-I5 
24.oo 
2.59 
H78-15 
26.oo 
2.79 

Mounting and rotation included 

Guardsman 
Belted 
Guardsman 
Radial 
Steel-belted 
Radials 

C 78-13 whitewall and old tire 28 88 

 plus 82.o1 
Federal 
Excise Tax 

A R 78-13 whitewall and old tire *36 pius si .a i f e d e r a l 
E x c ise lu x 

165-13 whitewall and old tire plus 81.81 
F e d e ra l 
E x cise T ax 

2 fiber glass belts team-up with 2 ny­ lon plies to help give stability and good tread mileage. Check these low prices on Guardsman Belted tires! 

O utstanding low prices for radial tires! 2 fiber glass belts plus radial construction help give this tire its re­ sponsive handling. 

File tire with the heritage of proven performance on some of the toughest roads in the world! 2 steel belts and 
2 radial plies. 

Your Choice plus old tire 

Guardsman 
Sport Radial 
88 

Whitewall* available in most sizes of Guardsman Belted (add S3) and Radial (add $2) 

29 pm' 
F E I . 

S e a r ' I . u u r d n i i i u n 
S p o rt Madia! a n ti old I ire 
H e a r ' p r ie r 
III.o k w all pl Ii M f K l . 

I S S - 1 2 
2 9 .8 8 
2 .1 7 

I O S - 1 3 
2 9 . 8 8 
1 .o 7 

I T S -1 I 
2 9 .8 8 
2 .o 7 

I S S - I S 
2 9 . 8 8 
1 .9 1 

I O S - I S 
2 9 .8 8 
2 . o 3 

*iv: 

Seans tires 
Guardsman Belted 
Guardsman Radial 
Steel-belted radial for most size 
Seurs price plus 
^eur> price plus 
Sears 
Sears price plus models of: w hilewull 
F.E.T. w hilewull 
F.E.T. size whitewall 
F.E.T. 
SUB-COMPACTS 
A78-13 
3 o.oo 
1.84 
165-13 
44.52 
1.81 
B78-13 
38.o o 
2.oo 
165-15 
CTS-13 
2 8 .88 
2.o1 
1.91 
175-13 
47.22 
1.99 
COMPACTS 
D78-14 
2 9 .8 8 
2.12 
38.o o 
2.27 
185-14 
53.83 
2.36 
E78-14 
3 o .8 8 
2.26 
3 o .o o 
2.41 
195-14 
57.19 
2.54 
F78-14 
3 2 .8 8 
2.42 
13.oo 
2.54 
2o5-14 
62.o2 
2.64 
MID-SIZE 
G78-14 
3 1 .8 8 
2.58 
15.oo 
2.69 
215-14 
67.58 
2.96 
G78-15 
3 ESS 
2.65 
1o.oo 
2.79 
2o5-15 
65.7o 
2.91 
FULL-SIZE 
H78-15 
3 o .8 8 
2.88 
1o.oo 
2.96 
215-15 
69.81 
3.11 
LTS-15 
3 o .8 8 
3.12 
5 1.o o 
3.28 
225-15 
72.82 
3.26 
MTS ! I 
3 o .8 8 
2 .8o 
18.oo 
235-15 
84.56 
3.58 

 etric size 155-15. Guar* Milan Radial tires listed in chart (except 155-15, illustrated) have 2 rat ial plies and a different tread design than tire illustrated, hlaekwall 

Ask about Sears credit plans 

Where America shops 

SEARS, ROEBUCK AMJ I O. 

Satisfaction Guaranteed or Your Money Bock 

I In w ii low it Plaza Mon- 
Soledad al N avarro 
A utom otive H o u r': 
Moil. aud Thurs*. 7 :3 o -9 
All o th er davx 7 :3 o -o 

Military Drive Store at Pleu.'unloii Md. 
Xiitoiiiotivr H our': 
Vlou. thru Sat. 
8*9 

C entral Cark Store 
San Cedro at l oop I IO 
Autom otive H our': 
Aion. thru Sal. 
8-9 

I rin k I ire t enter 
M i l Y llaekherrv 
228-4 9 o 1 
Mon. thru Hat. 
7 :3 o -3 :3 o 

NEIGHBORHOOD STUKES (m ust item ' and -ervln*' shown ulvn ut N eighborhood M o rn ) 
V allev-H i 
9 o 2 B andera KU. 
I HOO S. >k.M. \M iile KU. 
I iii versa I (ai> 
o 7 4 -5 3 1 1 
432-2391 
3 3 3 -2 9 1 o 
1o38 Put Booker Rd. 
Oj H-7491 

Sears 

A .' i 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— 
Sunday May 15 1977 

ODDS AND ENDS, ONES-OF-A-KIND, NEW DISCONTINUED;SOME USED, SOME SLIGHTLY DAMAGED 
ALL SUBJECT TO PRIOR SALE. JUST A 

FURNITURE 
Stock No. 
Item 
Quan. , 
Was 
NOW 
Living room 
66552 
Gladiator sofa ............... 
... 1o 
349.95 
269.38 

66572 
Gladiator chair ............. ........ 5 
249.95 
2o9.88 

66582 
Gladiator ottoman ....... ......... 5 
119 95 
89.88 

58o61 
Haverford sofa .............. ........ 5 
449.95 
279.88 

48261 
Haverford sleepei ........ ......... 2 
549.95 
379.88 

58o91 
Haverford ottoman ..... ......... 3 
99.95 
49.88 

31262 
Demi sofa ...................... ........ 1 
139.oo 

Spec. 
Sofa ............................... ......... 1 
14 9.oo 

517o3 
3-piece sectional........... 
899.95 
4 4 9 .o o 

582o2 
Early American Sofa ... ....... 1 
399.95 
199.oo 

5o694 
Edgemoor chair ........... ...... I 
199.95 
99.oo 

5o684 
Edgemoor demi ........... ... . 
1 
299.95 
149.oo 

451o2 
Brass ring chair ........... 
I 
199 95 
79.oo 

171o6 
Rocker ....... .................... ...... I 
69 95 
49.oo 

1 7445 
Pine rocker .................... ....... 3 
69 95 
4 9.oo 

195o5 
Gold rocker .................... ...... I 
149.95 
89.oo 

544o1 944 Black vinyl recliner 
....... 3 
79.95 
69.88 

5 4 4 1 7 -o o / Rust vinyl recliner . .... 
4 
219.95 
139 88 

54647 oo9 Avocado vinyl ....... 
..... I 
199 95 
129.88 

54648 o18 Moss fabric ........... 
6 
229.95 
139.88 

54648 o1o Gold fabric .............. ....... 2 
229 95 
139.88 

54566 
Recliner .......................... ....... 
1 
199 95 
99.oo 

51892 
Chair ............................... ...... I 
SPEC 
89.oo 
Bedroom 
62512 
French tuple dresser 
....... 2 
25o oo 
129.Bb 
6251 
French mirror ................ ....... 2 
45.oo 
19.88 

62517 
French headboard ....... ....... 1 
79.95 
29.88 

64612 
Triple dresser ................ ...... I 
255.oo 
99.88 

64623 
Triple dresser ................ ....... 1 
3o5.oo 
189.oo 

14317 
Powder table ................ 
...... 1 
99.95 
59.oo 

64 724 
Chest .............................. .... 
I 
24o.oo 
169.oo 

62 7o5 
Chest ............................. ...... I 
139.oo 
89 oo 

143o4 
Chest ............................. ...... I 
99.95 
6 9.oo 

144o9 
Bed ................................. ....... 1 
1o9.95 
69.oo 

14321 
Dresser ........................... ....... 2 
99.95 
59.oo 

14 7o7 
Desk ................................ ....... 2 
1o9.95 
39.oo 

64635 
Nite stand ..................... ...... I 
149.95 
75.oo 

14725 
Chest ............................. ....... 1 
1o9.95 
69.oo 

62516 
Nite stand .................. 
....... 1 
89.95 
49.oo 

14312 
Mirror ............................... ....... 
1 
59.95 
29.oo 

6 7932 
Bunk Bed ......................... ...... I 
119.95 
69.88 

ASSORTED MATTRESSES 
AND FOUNDATIONS 

Tw in 

Mattress, regular $59.88 $164.95 just 5o to sell 

LA 
GO 
O 

Foundations, regular $59 88 $159.95 just 54 to sell 
$29 

Full 

Mattress or foundation 
$49 
Regular $69.95 $199 98 just 48 to sell 

Queen 

Mattress or Foundation 
$59 
Regular $99.94 $22o. just 3 7 to sell 

King 

Mattress, regular $159.88 $299.95 just 12 to sell 
$99 

Foundations, regular $1oo $155 lust 14 to sell 
$49 

Some mismatched, soiled and discontinued. 

Patio fu rn itu re 
89121 Clunr 
. 
9oo61 
Spec. 
8912b 
89432 

Table ......................................... 2 
Loveseat .................................. 
I 
Glider ....................................... 
1 
Aluminum table ..................... 2 

M iscellaneous 
4o133 
Bookcase ................................ 
I 
64641 
Desk ......................................... 
1 

59 99 
29.oo 

79.95 
29.oo 
59.oo 

129.95 
69.oo 

39.95 
19.88 

259.95 
169.oo 

279 95 
189.oo 

Save 45% to 63% "W ya n d o tte " Family Room 

68431 Sofa ................................. 
369.95 
199.87 

68432 Demi sofa ....................... 
319.95 
159.97 

68433 Chair ............................... 
239.95 
12o.oo 

68435 Ottoman .......................... 
1o9.95 
4o.oo 

68437 Coffee table .................... 
89.95 
45.oo 

68436 End table ......................... 
89.95 
45.oo 

Elm w ith light oak finish Rust 
Olefin fabric cover 

D ining room 

Assorted ch a irs...................... 6 
35.oo 
19.oo 

 to 9o.oo *o 29.oo 

AIR CONDITIONERS 
74o58 5,ooo BTU, 3 speed ............ 
I 
199.95 169.oo 

76o68 6,ooo BTU, 3 speed with 
Power Saver ........................... 
I 
229.95 199.oo 

FURNITURE 
Stock No. 
Item 
Quan. 
Was 
NOW 

Occasional tables 
35536 
"Trendsetter” end ............. 
2o 
89.95 
39.88 

35539 
"Trendsetter" end ........ . 
2o 
89.95 
39.88 

35523 
"Star touch" bunch ............ 
5 
49.95 
29.88 

35524 
"S tartouch" sofa ................ .. 2 
69 95 
29.88 

35526 
"S tartouch" end ................. 
5 
69.95 
29.88 

35635 
"Vantage Point" cocktail .. .. 5 
39.95 
39.88 

35636 
"Vantage Point" end ........ 
3 
89.95 
39.88 

365o5 
"M ain Street" cocktail ...... 
6 
89.95 
39.88 

365o8 
"M ain Street" square end 
.. 5 
89.95 
39.88 

3651 7 
Hexagon commode ............ 
4 
119.95 
49.88 

375o8 
Square com m od e................ 
4 
84 95 
39.88 

36521 
"Carter Hall" c o c k ta il........ 
2o 
89.95 
44 88 

36526 
"Carter Hall" end .............. 
3 
89.95 
44.88 

36527 
"Carter Hall” hexagon ...... 
15 
149.95 
74.88 

366o8 
End table ............................... 
1 
59 95 
29.88 

36529 
End table ............................... 
1 
89.95 
49.88 

37856 
End table ............................... 
I 
89.95 
39.88 

35788 
End table ............................... 
? 
89.95 
39.88 

35529 
End table ............................... 
1 
139.95 
59.oo 

RUG REMNANTS 

SPECIAL PURCHASE 
ROOM SIZE AREA RUGS 
• Olefin Pile • Latex Backing 
8 ft. 6-in.x 11 ft. 6 in. 

 o n l y 1 2 88 
Assorted colors.. While quantities last 

REFRIGERATORS 
Deluxe 17’, frost free. w/icemaker, and w/rollers .. 1 
19', frost-free, w/icemaker, w/rollers ................................... 1 
Deluxe 22 ’, frost free, w/icemaker, w /rollers .......... I 
19' frost free, A vo cad o 
1 
19' frost free, w/rollers, gold and avocado ........................... 2 
Sears Best 22' top freezer, w/icem aker ............................ 2 
4 6 Deluxe 22' Side-by-Side, w/icemaker, w/rollers, gold and avocado ........................... 2 
17' frost free. A vocado 
2 
Deluxe 22' w/icem aker, cop 
I 
Deluxe 22' w/icemaker, 
Avocado .................................. 1 
19’ frost-free .......................... 1 

Deluxe 17' w icemaker, and rollers ....... 
I 

66741 

67834 

66954 

66914 
67926 

67961 

67o61 

66724 
66962 
66964 

66911 

66741 

539.95 439.oo 

499.oo 449.oo 

659 95 529.oo 
469.95 419.oo 

499.95 449.95 

699.95 639.95 

77995 7o9.95 
489.95 399.oo 
7o9.95 589.oo 

7o9.95 589.oo 
469.95 399.oo 

539.95 439.95 

FREEZERS 

16o6 
6' chest ................................... 1 
199.95 
169.oo 

1623 
15' chest ................................. 1 
259.95 
229.oo 

26o6 
6' upright ............................... 1 
199.95 
169.oo 

17o9 
9' chest ................................... I 
249.95 
219 OO 

25o9 
9' upright ............................... 2 
259.95 
229.95 

2757 
Deluxe 19.5' frost-free, upright 
479.95 
429.95 

1644 
Deluxe 18.1' chest ............... 1 
399.95 
359.95 

OTHER ITEMS NOT LISTED. 

TELEVISION-STEREO-SOUND 
WASHERS 

Stock No. 
Item 
Chian. 
Was 
NO W 
Stock No. 
Item 
Quan. 

4194 

421o 

4215 

19" solid state w /one button color ........................................... 2 

19" color w /3oK V chassis . 2 

19" solid state color w touch 

459 95 32 9.oo 

469.95 399 oo 

 tuning ........................................ 

44 791 2 5 " color, w /one button color 

2 
479.95 379.oo 

Spanish .................................... I 
699.95 34 9 .o o 

44741 2 5 ", modern, color console black chromix tube ............ 

44751 

4432 

4433 

4418 
442o 

4451 

2 5 ", Spanish style, colin w /one button color ...... 

2 5 " console, 1oo'n solid state, one button color 
2 5 " console, w /one button color ......................................... 
2 3 " color consolette ............ 
2 5 " solid state color console, modern ....... :............................ 
2 5 " solid state color Spanish style console .......................... 

2 699 95 549.o o 

I 
699.95 579.oo 

1 
759 95 589 OO 

1 
759.95 599.oo 

1 
499 oo 4 o 9 .o o 

I 
599.95 4 7 9 .o o 

I 
599.95 4 4 9 .o o 

33856 Credenza stereo, w 8 track player, recorder, Spanish 
... 
I 

33655 Console stereo w /8 track player, recorder. Spanish .... 
I 

299.95 199 oo 

379 95 249.oo 

7 792 
12 x9' Beige plush ................ 
1 
188.oo 
93.88 
91741 

7792 
12 x11 Beige plush ............. 
4 
2o7.oo 
1o3.88 

7792 
12 x9' Beige plush ................ 
4 
17o.oo 
85 88 
9245 
9441 
12x9 1" Black and brown kitchen ....................... 
1 
114.oo 
56.88 
9253 
9551 
12’x7'6 
Blue W/bluck ....... 
I 
1 1o.oo 
49.88 

8152 
12’x9'4 ' Tan hi lo ................ 
I 
176.oo 
87.88 
9429 
9441 
12 x9 '3 " Rust, foam back .. 
1 
11o.oo 
54.88 

8682 
12'x1o‘ Beige tweed ........... 
1 
16o.oo 
79.88 
9422 

8682 
12 x 1o'8" Gold hi lo ........... 
I 
1 7o.oo 
84.88 

9991 
12'x9' green s h a g ................. 
1 
154 oo 
76.88 
9419 
9931 
12’x1o' Green/rust ............... 
1 
12o.oo 
59.88 

8282 
12’x1o’2 " Avocado ............. 
* 
19o oo 
94.88 

RAI 
8282 
12’x1o’2 " Beige .................... 
I 
19o oo 
94.88 

9991 
12'x1o'8" Rust shag ........... 
1 
19o.oo 
84.88 

91o1 
12 x1 3'7 " Rust kitchen ...... 
1 
2o9.oo 
99.88 
72o61 
7722 
6 x9' Rust shag ..................... 
1 
1oo oo 
49.88 
74/71 
7792 
12’xlO ' Yellow plush ........... 
I 
19o.oo 
94.88 

9961 
1 2 x 1 5 8 " green and yellow kitchen ..................................... 
1 
169.oo 
84.88 
74 776 
9961 
12'x1o'7" green and yellow kitchen ..................................... 
I 
98.oo 
48.88 
72572 
9991 
12 x11* green s h a g ............... 
1 
176.oo 
87.88 

9252 
1 2 x 1 o '7 ” red Hi lo ............... 
1 
216.oo 
1o7.88 
74464 

8572 
12 x 1o'6" celery hi-lo .......... 
I 
168.oo 
83.88 

 player recorder ........... 
1 
349.95 249.o o 

Component stereo w /A M LM multiplex ................................... 
I 

Fisher 2o W. receiver 
1 

BSR record changer .............. 
I 

BIC record changer 
Model 96o .............. 
1 

Fisher 3 way speakers ......... 2 

299.95 149.oo 

279.95 149.oo 

119.95 
69.o o 

199.95 
99 .o o 

129 95 
99 .o o 

74564 

72561 

78661 

78464 

78571 

93461 
91861 

99571 

99651 

3 o " Gas ................................... I 
3 6 " Gas w ith griddle, electric ignition and continuous clean oven .......................................... 
I 
3 6 " Gas w ith griddle and w ith electric ignition, g o ld 
1 
Deluxe 3o" Gas w ith continuous clean oven ......... 
I 
3 6" Gas w ith griddle and w ith continuous clean oven, avocado................................. I 
3 6 " Gas w ith griddle, clock, timer, continuous clean oven, avocado.................................... 
1 
3 o " Gas Deluxe with continuous clean oven ......... 
1 
Double oven. Gas w ith slide out cook top ........................... 1 
Deluxe double oven, clock. timer, and continuous clean oven ....................................... 
Pilot free Gas Classic, both ovens continuous clean 
I 
Electric ..................................... 
I 
Electric, Ceramic top, continuous clean oven ......... 1 
Micro Wave oven, 6oo watts, 
25 minute timer ..................... 
1 
Micro Wave oven, 6 settings w ith defrost cycle ................. 1 

199 oo 169.oo 

469 95 399.oo 

479.oo 4 o 9.o o 

379.95 3o9.oo 

379.95 299.oo 

4o9 95 3o9.oo 

369 95 299 OO 

669.95 589.oo 

I 
539.95 459.oo 

599.95 539.95 
369.9o 3o9.oo 

369.95 2 6 9.o o 

379.95 329.oo 

469.95 369.oo 

SEWING MACHINES 

122o 
Sewing head only ................. 3 
99.oo 
79.oo 

1247 
Sewing head only ................. 2 
119 oo 
9 9 .o o 

143o 
Sewing head only ................. 1 
22o.oo 169.oo 

1311 
Sewing head only ................. 1 
169 oo 119.oo 

VACUUMS 

3599 
Upright .................................... I 
199.95 169.95 

2581 
Cannister w, power m ate 
1 
169.95 149.95 

2697 
Cannister w /power mate .... 2 
229.95 179.oo 

358o 
Upright .................................... 1 
119.95 89.oo 

243o4 5 cycle, Heavy duty, Avocado I 
267o1 Giant capacity 4 cycle, Heavy duty .......................................... I 
267o4 Deluxe, 4 cycle, 3 wash/rinse, 
Avocado ................................ 
I 
26932 Sears Best Lady Kenmore, 13 cycle, coppertone ................. 
I 
26911 Giant capacity, 5 cycle, 5 wash/rinse settings, 4 water le v e ls ....................................... 
I 
267o6 Heavy duty, Giant capacity, 4 cycles, Gold ............................ 
I 
469o1 Sears Best Compact portable 
Washer ............. 
I 

W as 
NOW 

3o9.95 199.oo 

299 95 239.oo 

3o9.95 249.oo 

4o9 95 339 OO 

349 95 279.oo 

3o9 95 239 OO 

289.95 219.oo 

DRYERS 

669o6 Electric, Solid State electric sensor. Gold ......................... 
767o4 Gas, Autom atic drying for all fabrics. A v o c a d o ................ 
I 
669o4 Electric, Delicate setting, electric sensor drys any fabric. 
Avocado ................................... 1 
Compact electric, 11o volt .. I 

Sears Best Compact E lech ic, 
11o volt ................................... 
I 
KITCHEN PLANNING 
Used for display purposes. 
Cabinets and drain boards .... 
Gas oven ............................ 
Electric oven ................... 
Self cleaning electric oven 
Electric cook top w ith cabinet I 
Electric oven ......... 
1 

1 
2 /9 .9 5 229.oo 

I 
279.95 229 oo 

86 7o1 
869o1 

365 72 
42376 
42374 
43678 
42334 

2 79.95 
159.95 

229.oo 

89 oo 

189 95 119.oo 

I 

I 

429 95 
4 19.99 
4 19 95 
239.99 
339.95 
PLUMBING 
Spec. 
Vanity lavatory com p 
I 
137.oo 
4995 
Double sink, gold ..................... 1 
59,95 
83o6 
Electronic air filter .................... I 269.95 
695o 
Stainless steel sink 
I 
59.95 
33671 3o gal. gas water heater ....... 
I 114.95 
HARDWARE 
2137 
Dull press .................................. 4 289.95 
299o4 
1o" Bench saw ...................... 4 359.95 
9o732 3 '.’ HP rotary mower .......... 2o 139.99 
97323 Self propelled mower ........ 
IO 169.99 
17215 Sabre saw .............................. 2o 
29.99 
SPORTING GOODS 
455o6 2 4 " 1o speed bike ................ 3 
89.99 
45561 24 ladies' 5 speed bike 
89 99 
4 7452 2 7" ladies’ 1o speed bike ... 
1 15.oo 
25673 8 pool table ............................. 3 199.99 
25855 5 ’ Air hockey table ................. 1 
99.99 
25857 7’ Air hockey table ................. 
I 249.99 
61114 
14 Tri hull ................................. 
I 729.95 
61132 
12' Gamefisher ........................ 2 3o9 oo 
61412 
12' Aluminum Boat ............... I 299.95 
61973 75o lb Boat trailer ................. I 319.95 
.59o5 
1o speed troll motor .*............. 1 
69 95 
58611 
7.5 m otor (river parade) ........ 3 389.95 
58631 
15.o m otor ................................ 1 699.95 

Vi price 
3oo OO 
3oo.oo 
3oo OO 
15o.oo 
229.Oh 

65.oo 
44.oo 
15o.oo 
44.oo 
99.88 

BUILDING MATERIALS 
23971 storm doors ............................ 5 
98873 folding doors ................... 
8 
54693 Roll up awning 1o8 w 
I 
9661 I 4 railing .................................. 5 
96612 6' railing .................................. 9 
96644 w rought iron post ................. 8 
SUBURBAN SHOP 

69.95 
22.99 
74 95 
7 99 
12.99 
24.99 

239.95 
279.95 
I 19.99 
149.99 
19.99 

69.88 
69.88 
89.88 
88.88 
79.88 
149.88 
388.oo 
2o9.99 
219.88 

199 88 

39.88 
319.oo 
539.88 

49.oo 
15.oo 
49.oo 
4.99 
8.99 
15.oo 

Used Gas and Electric 
Chain Saws ..................... 4o 

25o89 IO HP lawn tractor ............... 
2516 
14 HP garden tractor ........... 
2518 
16 HP twin cylinder garden tractor ...................................... 
29624 4-HP roto spader ............ 

296o2 3 ’ . HP roto spader ......... 
11471 
12"x5o' roll chicken wire 
1318 tom ato guard wire .......... 
32178 275o W. alternator ......... 
3417 
2 HP electric chain saw 
22o32 Fence charger ................. 
G arden Shop 
19o4 
Fertilizer spreader ........... 
1542 
2-gal. sprayer .................. 

% O ff regular price 
4 
849 oo 749.oo 
6 1 3 9 9 o o 1 199.oo 

4 1799.oo1599.oo 

7 
Spec. 
....... purchase 
179.oo 
6 
2o9.99 
159.oo 
.. 12 
5.99 
4.99 
1o 
9.99 
8.88 
I 
549 99 
519.oo 
... 1o 
1o2.99 
79.88 
2 
29.99 
25.99 

... 1o 
25.95 
18.88 
2o 
13.99 
9.88 

SALE PRICES THRU TUESDAY, MAY 31— WHILE QUANTITIES LAST 
DOWNTOWN PLAZA STORE 

S 
A 
V 
U 
THE MONEY SAVER 
WAREHOUSE r 
PRICES SOOD M’ow Tt/Rtt MAY 2/ft 
/.f a L o a f gs/rreRASZtfSr 
HOMEY MEAL 
BUCAO 

B W a v e .. C e ra te 

 c r * /... 

& o R o P M & 

 r n o / /* $ at> m 
&URCKM 
M a/M i. 
I 

 w 
9 
M p h 
) 
S f o w e s 
M 

/S/S PICAS AUTON RMD u z / o s M M u m e y c K . 

W ELC O M E 
FOCO 
STAMPS 

 p/esrA tve/oce 

C o m 
/n o 

Buyofi/e... 
Mote 
GeroM 
FRee 

 u r n s . 
G o o o Arr 
$>7o xes 

 nit**&/&€*£ 
/pepsrcep- 

5 o / PFurieg.fivs 

/&C7-. /^eG, 
^ rrono 

TORTILLAS 

B uy M E - B e ro v s 

 y/r-.Ci- 
/Cert £>9a/WM 
^ ^ ^ ,4 aa/sos ■ 

 e N C H T lA O A 
\3Auca guv tu t-se ro u s 

 r n 

■£*?u.y /< /tP o /£ c > /L / ztNCsm 

B W o /e~ B e re d e 

I G^AW/rrrc^/ /&*AtrO ll 
O R A N G E I 
ORtM K\ 
Ber/ o/e.jGerodek 

 n m 
IT E M ^ B fijO W G O O D A T A L I 
S T O R E S : 

 y32c?z PST B o rrc e 

- 2 

But 4-Cer 
2 Spurns 
E p e e 

B M C *; pc UIS 
/P e/? 

/TP A E7“ k&acao epeesr*/6> 

M 
/ F A 
C t e 
IASH/& 

CPT o 9 

2/CAoe c u r c h u c k 
ROAST 

 r n 

 r 'j r r s / / 

C H 
U C K sSr& k 

 tS /T T c jK s 
BELER/ 

9 6 v 2 & 

Am m o s s t 

B/YARBEAL 
BRIQUETS 

ROGaJSA/Z o/z &/er f GRAP5 

IO./. 

Ba & 
o 
9 

 xgtf/M T/m 
& R /M K C 
W Hoce 
FRYERS 

F ^ e e & s 
G RO U N D 

% 4 
9 

 lAeoe e-R/sr 
LETTUCE 

FB7~ f 

 i 

3 /s. A 
PP I 
Mn Re I 

£ r 
PC 
\ I tk& 
\ » ! * * * 

A 

Tor Your Stofpity Convenience 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS 
] erfect officer 

By MALCOLM N. CARTER 
ASSOCIATED PRESS 
KILLEEN - He had made it through West Point. He had earned perfect officers ratings. 
His performance records were outstanding. But he also rubbed people the wrong way — and he rocked the boat. 
And so Peter C. Cole, 29, son and grandson of Army officers, is out of the 
Army today, discharged honorably but against his will, and striving mightily to get back in. He plans a court suit if necessary to force his reinstatement. 
An officer called brilliant by many of his superiors. Cole, a lean, intense 
Californian with frosty blue eyes, was discharged March IO — the end of a nine-month battle to stay and the start of a campaign to return “ to make changes from the inside.” 
Cole, who left the service as a cap­ tain. says the Army forced him out for having gone public with his allega­ tions, taken up in Congress, that U.S. 
NATO troops in Europe are far from combat ready. The Army denies acting on that motive. 
Punished 
The irony, as Cole sees it, is that the 
Army punished him for being the truthful, conscientious officer it made him. 
A month-long inquiry by a reporter substantiated a number of Cole’s claims. The story is intricate. The 
Army s role shows inconsistencies in convoluted dealings with Cole. And 
('ole emerges as a man with a passion for going by the book, with perfectionism pursued to the point of abrasiveness, a tenacity in criticism that struck some of his fellow officers as disloyalty to the institution* 
‘‘There probably is a grain of truth in all his allegations,” said Paul D. 
Phillips, acting assistant secretary of the Army, during an interview in Wa­ shington. “ The Army is made up of people, and we’re not perfect. I’ll ad­ mit we made some mistakes in this case.” 
One-man war 
Cole’s one-man war with the Army started in 19B9, two years after he en­ tered West Point, when he accused three topranking cadets of drug abuse. 
Cole had never concealed his disdain for the three, whose behavior he con­ sidered lackadaisical, and he was not popular. 
‘‘His difficulties brought out in this year’s rating appears to be a continued unwillingness to accept and an inabili­ ty to get along with his contemporar­ ies,” his company’s tactical officer wrote then in a communication to 
Cole’s father. 
Cole, a native of San Rafael, Calif., also had a particular abhorrence of drugs. While attending the University of California at Davis, he says, he w it­ nessed a bloody, drug-dazed suicide that intensified his loathing of narco­ tics. Today he shuns even alcohol because, he says, it makes him faint. 
Psychiatric 
Cole’s accusations against the three cadets, especially one w ho legitimately took a prescribed pain-killer, found the authorities incredulous — so in ­ credulous, in fact, that they sent him to 
Walter Reed General Hospital in Wa­ shington for a psychiatric examina­ tion. 
As it turned out, one of the three later admitted to experiences with marijuana. 
“The patient has a moderate amount of paranoid ideation, especially regarding his being sent to Walter 
Reed Hospital ‘to get rid of him,’” the psychiatrist's report said, “and there is probably an element of truth to this.” 
Notwithstanding, the doctors recom­ mended a medical discharge. The diagnosis: “ Personality disorder, par­ anoid type, moderate, as manifested by unwarranted suspicion, excessive self-importance, tendency to blame others and ascribe evil motives to | | | p 
| them, litigiousness, rigidity. arn i bring 
* 
JF f extremely argumentative...”. f 
Although Cole eventually got the order for his discharge rescinded, the g hospital stood by its diagnosis. Cole 
J 
I sought the opinion of two civilian psy- 
JI 
,v:>l 
* chiatrists and a psychologist, all of 
%Uf 
& :|p& * whom disagreed with Walter Reed. jffi 
| f | | 
No evidence 
JK ", 
JP | f 
**l do not find evidence in my clinical c 
* r : ^ ex aminati on of a paranoid persona!!- tv,” said one of them, Dr. Edward Jo- s* soph, a New York psychiatrist. 
/ rn w m a 
; 
After his graduation from West fp 
*4 
Point, Cole did persuade the Army to jB M B p* 
~ remove the damaging Walter Reed i report from his records and appealed to the Army’s general counsel to keep 
- d his psychiatric history from harming f him. if 
Robert W. Berry, then general ifl? 
« jfct counsel, told Cole that concealing his ft expunged history “could be const uh d g as a false official statement” but u rote 
I, i r a ' 
Cole on June 14, 1973: 
“ Thus, to preclude the possibility that anyone might allege that your 
M B I answers on these forms constitute a 
' 
W mB 
.2*4 false official statem ent, this is 
> „ w&M 
&■*'!>- v authorization for you to reply in the l a g 
'Jgf ** negative with respect to those psy- 
2.-/,. 
Warn chiatric examinations.” 
C 
This concession left Cole unsatisfied. 
^ 
I 
'* ' J &U ^ % J 
It struck him as an authorization to lie; g 
§ c' he declines to do that on job applica- 
7 >. 
> 
J 
;C tions. And he’s convinced that his 
M P il f e r achievements belie the diagnosis an- 
^ 
^ 

Dared sec ond 
> 
1 
He placed second of 5oo in airborne y A M g a t t 
J t \ school, fifth of 116 in ranger school, second of 5o in pathfinder school and sixth of 3o in jumpmaster school. He 
^ > 1 was qualified in three helicopters in 
S H aviation school. 
J 
In assignments as platoon leader, troop executive officer, aide-de-camp, s up ply an d logistics officer, o p e r a t i o n s officer and brigade staff officer, he 
** - 
% received outstanding officer efficiency 
PETE COLI keeps in shape run reports. fling a fast mile every day 

 colonel’s superiors twice rejected his written explanation of his motives as fuzzy and lacking in documentation. 
In Tomlinson’s third attempt at ex­ planation, he conceded his remark to 
Cole that “it was probably the hardest thing I ever had to do in my Army career” because of “ the excellent job" 
Cole had done. 
Col. Tomlinson declined to be inter­ viewed on the subject, but his written explanation said, among other things, that Cole’s enlisted men were about to rrequest transfers because they were unhappy. 
But after Cole left the command. 

 seven of eight noncommissioned of­ ficers who served under him praised him. Said one: 
“In 19 years he would be the one man 
I have respected most as a supervisor. 
The small things that he expected his men to do were the large factors ... He was always open for comments and had an open mind." 
Cole was stunned by Tomlinson’s action, and hours after his commander acted. Cole s$bmitted a fiery, four- page resignation that said the Army was wasteful, lacked integrity, accept* 

See A R M Y M A Y , P ag e SC 

He seemed to be the perfect W est Point cadet,. . the perfect career Army man. He had high marks, unwavering dedi­ cation. Hut he teas a maverick instead of fitting into a mold. 
He says this led to his downfall. The Army disagrees. This is the story' of one man's tear against the Army — a war he eventually hopes to win. 

Recommending his im mediate hours earlier, he now removed him promotion, one commanding officer from his job. wrote: 
The timing and manner of Tomlin- 
“ Lt. Cole is the most dedicated son’s action later drew official Army young officer I have known in the criticism as “ w retched,’’ and the 
Army. His performance of duty can be categorized as ‘flawless.’ His concern for his men and their combat readiness was a constant goal. He is the type of leader that possesses personal and professional pride, a high sense of duty and great moral and physical courage that instills unquestionable obedience from his subordinates.” 
Subsequent reports said Cole had earned the respect and admiration of his seniors, peers and subordinates. He was, one superior officer wrote, “ an inspiration.” 
Following Cole’s promotion to cap­ tain in June 1975, his rater said he had achieved “outstanding results” in “ a demanding position requiring the ut­ most in tact and diplomacy.” 
Against him 
Yet a year later, the Army turned against him. It swiftly assembled a dossier of his alleged abrasiveness. It sought, he says, to still his voice by intimidation, harassment, procrastin­ ation, promises, discredit and, finally, by driving him out. 
What went wrong? 
In Cole’s eyes, it was his determina­ tion to correct what he saw as waste and the lack of combat readiness in 
U.S. NATO forces. But the Army, while praising Cole’s proficiency as a supply officer, says it was the way he sought redress. His criticism of the 
Army and his insistence on airing them smacked of disloyalty, the Army said. 
“ Can the Army abide a career sol­ dier who feels this way about the 
MODEL SX 7 5 o institution?” asked Secretary Phillips, who acknowledged at the same time d* that most of Cole's concerns were jus- rn §L a & J tified. 
J f 
In April 1976, Cole was sent to 
JS/M 
J r 
Brigade 75, under which battalions go to Germany on sixmonth lours from 
Fort Hood here. 

W on't listen 
M O D E L L . 
“ He was trying to get people to 
P L 5 3 o listen, and, damn it, they didn’t want to do it,” (’apt. Randell E. Pretzer, his lawyer, said in a telephone interview from Germany. “He’s not easy person to get along with, but there are plenty of people in the Army who are not easy to get along with:” 
So well regarded was Cole that he had the extra task of shaping up a sis­ ter battalion in Germany. There, he insisted on accounting for equipment losses and thus, he says, ruffled feathers. 
It was part of his pattern, for he had riled at least one of his commanders, he says, by refusing to cover up equipment losses in his own unit. 
“ He expected everybody was going to do exactly what the book said they should do, and unfortunately, people just don’t operate that way,” another 
Army lawyer, Capt. Steven Porter, recalled. 
Rem oved 
On June 14, Cole’s immediate superior, Ut. Col. Raymond Tomlinson, paid Cole a surprise call in his quarters late at night. Although he had complimented Cole on his work a few 

T O P L IN fM O D E l WITH SO IO N O ID 
, 
CONTROL AND DU AIM O TO RS 
^ 

CART. PETER COLE 

WE DISCOUNT 

PRICE 

NOT QUALITY 

FREDERICKSBURG SQUARE STORE ONLY 
RECEIVER 
NEW LINE mn 491 ••NBB WM ti W. 

MODEL 
RECEIVER HH|| 
\ 
o 2 i 6 
DV J f c N v 
THE Nfw MARANTZ RECEIVERS ARE BETTER 
J jj| | rn M ar 
THAN EVER THE 2216 AM-FM STEREO 
RECEIVER HAS POWER TO SPARE TOR J J J M I I 
ONLY... 
M e n a 

PIONEER S VERSATILE SX75o AM-FM STEREO 
RECEIVER HAS LOTS Of POWER WITH ^ 
VERY LITTLE DISTORTION TO 
MATCH CUSTOM S DI- 
MINUTIVE PRICE... 

INTRODUCTORY 
SPECIAL mm rn mm nmM&, 
We sound better 
TURNTABLE 

NEW AT CUSTOM Hi-fi, MARANTZ A TOO 
TURNTABLE « B U I DRIVE, WITH AUTO 
RETURN, COMPLETE WITH WOOD BASE DUST 
COVER AND AUDIO TECH CARTRIDGE 

PIONEERS 
TULLY 
AUTOMATIC 
DIRECT 
DRIVE 
MODEL PL53o HAS BEAUTIFUL STYLING 
AND SUPERIOR PERFORMANCE 
SPECIAL 
COMPLETE 
PURCHASE 

 lei s BIG SPEAKER, MODEL 1556 WITH 
IS 
WOOFfR, DUA! MIDRANGES AND 
THREE TWEETERS, BIG SOUND FROM A 
BIG SPEAKER AT A LITTLE PRICE. 

LIMITED 
Q UANTITIES 
TABLE O N LY 
MODEL 1556 

SPEAKER fid P IO N E E R turntable 

CM) PIONEER 
VENTURI 
SPEAKER 
DOLBY 
CASSETTE 
STEREO 
SYSTEM 

THE SIC FORMULA 6 IS 
FAMOUS FOR ITS DYNA- 
MIC SOUND QUALITY BIG 
12' WOOFER IN A 4 WAY 
DESIGN WITH TWIN SUPER 
TWEETERS. 

A SUPER SYSTEM AND SUPfh SAVINGS PIO 
NFFR'S SASSO RECEIVER DRIVES EO S PHASE ll 
TOWERS TO SUPERB SOUND, B K S 92o PRO- 
GRAMMAS!! TURNTABLE WITH WOOD BASI 
ADDS CONVENIENCE TO A CLASSY SYSTEM 
SUNDAY 
EXCLUSIVE 
GD P IO N E E R * « r 
CASSETTE r B S 
’ GR 
E S H MOOEL 
KP 4ooo 

BASE TAPE 
STUDIO SERIES i8oo’ jr 9* 
REEL 
3 

JIL 8 TRACK 
SUPERSCOPE 

FM CONVERTER 
ADAPTS TO 
ANY CAR 
RADIO 

MODEL 
846 

Cd P IO N E E R 
CAR SPEAKERS 
SENNHEISER 
HEADPHONE 

AM-FM STEREO IN DASH 
CASSETTE PLAYER 
WITH AUTO 
$ 

EJECT. PIONEER’S 
^ 
MOST POPULAR 
HD4Qo 
OPEN ATR 
LIGHTWEIGHT ca P IO N E E R 
8 T R A C K * 
Cr!) P IO N E E R * ca r 
CASSETTE 
KP212 
TP6oo1 
HEADPHONE 
EXTENSION 
25 CORD 
AUDIO TECHNICA 
RECORD CLEANER 

UNDERDASH CASSETTE 
PLAYER WITH 

AUTO EJECT, 
FAST FORWARD 
AND REWIND. 

AT 6o1o 
CLEANER WITH 
CLEANING 
FLUID 

AM-FM STEREO 
IN DASH 
8 TRACK PLAYER 

ODDS N ENDS— PRICED TO GO 
FREDERICKSBURG RD. ONLY 

PIO N K* RECEIVER SXS35 2 O NLY................ 179.95 

PIONEER RECEIVER SX636 DEM O ................... 189.95 

PIONEER AMP. SA75oo DEMO...................... 2o9.95 

PIONEER TUNER TX75oo DEM O .................... 149.95 

PIONEER SPEAKER CS63DX DEMO 2 O N LY 
199.95 

PIONEER REVERB SR2o2 D E M O .................... 1o4.95 

SANKYO CASSETTE STD 141o I ONLY.............. 1o9.95 

SANSUI RECEIVER 8o8o DEMO......................419.95 

SANSUI RECEIVER 9o9o DEMO..................... 499.95 

CUSTOM HI Ft 
Mi 
CUSTOM HI FI’S 
MR. WATT AUDIO CORNER 
DREYER 
TOYOTA 
THREE HEAD TAPE DECKS HAVE A SEPARATE HEAD FOR EACH FUNCTION, 
ERASE, RECORD AND PLAYBACK. FOUND IN MOST REELS AND FEW, USUAL­ 
LY EXPENSIVE CASSETTES, THEY ALLOW MONITORING, LISTENING TO THE 
TAPE AS IT IS BEING RECORDED. 

THE SECOND IN A SERIES TO HELP YOU UNDERSTAND HI Fi SPECIFICATIONS: 
NEXT FM SENSITIVITY 

Pytel named to head 
DA office probe unit 

Henry J. Pytel Jr. has been named chief of in­ vestigation for the Bexar 
County D istrict Attor­ ney’s Office, succeeding 
Rudy Garza, who has bfen nominated a U.S. marshal for the Western 
District of Texas. 
Dist. Atty. Bill White said Pytel’s appointment w ill become effective when Garza is confirmed by the U.S. Senate, pro­ bably sometime in June. 
Pytel, 31, an attorney currently on the investi­ gative staff, will oversee a 15-man staff. 
Pytel, who previously served as an investigator for the district attorney’s office from 197o to 1972, rejoined the staff about a month ago. He left the 

Local 

 office in 1972 to attend 
George Washington Uni­ versity Law School, from which he obtained his degree in 1975. 
White said Pytel plans to take the Texas bar in 
July so he can practice law in Texas. 
Postal promotion 

Manuel Subia, manager of the West Texas Postal 
District, announced Saturday the selection of Clyde 
J. Bader, a local area postal employe, as the district director for customer services. 
Bader is a native of Castroville. He joined the San 
Antonio Postal Service in 1942 as a substitute clerk. 
He has since worked in many different craft and managerial positions, becoming sectional center director for customer services in 1973. 

Peer advising program 

Dr. Martin Kramen, a University of Texas at San 
Antonio assistant professor of physiology, has developed a peer advising program for minority students majoring in health careers. 
Dr. Kramen recently was awarded a $6,418 grant from the Hogg Foundation for Mental Health to implement the program at UTSA. 
It will be used by undergraduates enrolled in programs offered through the University’s College of Sciences and Mathematics. 
The peer advising program includes academic and career counseling. 
Although minority students will have priority, Dr. 
Kramen said the program is open to any student in health careers desiring the service. 

Drug Abuse Central 

Drug Abuse Central will have its May workshop at 
321 N. Pecos St. from 8:3o a.m. to 4 p.m. May 27. 
The workshop will be conducted by Dr. Adrian^ 
Arzac and will discuss basic family system theories and include experimental sections on family ther­ apy. the fee is $2o and call 225-4o66 for registration. 

USAF Security Services 

Brig. Gen. Kenneth D. Burns, USAF Security 
Services commander, has designated Wednesday as 
Safety Day throughout the command. 
Gen. Burns noted the security service averaged 
$5oo,ooo-per-year loss over the past five years due to accidents. 
The commander said each person not directly involved in essential operations in the command will spend Wednesday involved with safety and working to ensure safe acts. 
Command units located throughout the world are planning activities to focus on safe practices on and off the job to help create an awareness for the need for safety, he said. 
KC Auxiliary fest 

The San Martin de Porres Ladies Auxiliary 
Knights of Columbus Council No. 6757 will hold a 
“ Tardeada” May 22. 
The mini-festival will be held from 2 to 9 p.m. at 
Espada Mission. 
Activities will include bingo, food and live enter­ tainment. 
Aerospace nursing chief 

Lt. Col. Constance Sturim has been named chief of the Aerospace Nursing Branch in the U.S. Air F cree 
School of Aerospace Medicine at Brooks AFB. 
A native of New York City, Col. Sturim was in charge of the flight nurse and aeromedical techni­ cian program before her promotion. 
She has a masters degree in nursing from Yale 
University and a masters degree in nursing super­ vision and administration from Teacher’s College at 
Columbia University. 
Her decorations include the Air Medal with one oak leaf cluster, the Meritorious Service Medal with one oak leaf cluster, the Air Force Commendation 
Medal and Vietnam Service Medals. 
Outstanding Safety School 

Alamo Heights High School has been named 
Outstanding Safety School for 1976-77 in District XV of the Texas Assn. of Students Councils. 
The honor was based on the total safety program and awareness efforts of the school’s safety com­ mittee. 
The award was accepted by Fire Chief Susan 
Russell at the recent state convention of the TASC in 
Austin. 
Major projects of the committee this year included the Safety Workshop held at the high school and attended by schools throughout this region, instal­ lation of bike racks on the high school campus and distribution of safety tips for Halloween to elemen­ tary schools in the district. 
Other tips included bike rodeos to promote bike safety and distribution of instructions for the use of fire extinguishers at the high school to all ad­ visories. 
Miss Joanne Furtek is sponsor of the group. 

JOPenney 

McCreless • Northwest Center • South Park Mall • Windsor Park Mall • Terrell Plaza • 

*1 9 7 7 J CPenney Co.. Inc 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday May 15 I 977 

Think tanks 

Shirt placket tee with single pocket. 
Polyester/cotton in white. red. navy green, sun yellow, 

Stripes are in. And ours are on: in navy with red and white or brown with copper and yellow. Winning combi­ nations in this sleek nylon/ 
Lycra spandex tank. One size tits 7-12. 

 orange. 
S.M.L. $6 

Downtown 

 good girls who counted their calories last winter, here’s the big payoff. 
Our tanks are in! 

Athletic tee with bright contrast trim or new mesh trim. 
In bright colors 
Polyester/cotton s.M.L sg 

Sporty boat neck tee in white with bright trim. 
Polyester/cotton. 
S.M.L. 5*o 

For 

Come to our 
Sun ’n Fun Party. 

For the pick of the tees that please. 
At $6 and $9 please. 

 world’s social elite 

LOS ANGELES TIMES SERVICE 
NEW YORK — What has a $1.2 million- a-year electric bill, a 33-man security force, its own railroad spur and three dozen ambassadors from the United Nations? 

What else but that unofficial palace of presidents, film stars, kings and queens, the work world-ren­ owned Waldorf-Astoria. 
With 1,8oo employes and nearly 2,ooo suites and guest rooms, the Waldorf since its opening in 1931 has played host to more world figures than any other hotel on earth. 
In residence simultaneously a couple of years ago were Henry Kissinger, the king of Norway, Emperor 
Hirohito of Japan, the presidents of Mexico and 
Bolivia and a foreign minister from Kuwait. 
Headliners check in 

On any day you can name, someone in the head­ lines will be checking in or out of the Waldorf, just as two million other guests do each year. 
Occupying an entire city block, it is bounded by 
Park and Lexington Aves., 49th and 5oth Sts. 
Inside it hums like a miniature Manhattan, oper­ ating its own upholstery and paint shops as well as kitchens that employ HO chefs. 
The number of meals it serves each day is stag­ gering. One man alone earns his bread just squeez­ ing orange juice. Another is a career coffee brewer 
(he’s on a caffeine kick that'll take him into retire­ ment ) 
Management continually sheds tears over Kleenex comsumption. Guests use up more than 4o.ooo boxes a year. Light bulbs alone cost $3o,ooo annually. 
Built in Depression 

Built during the Great Depression, the Waldorf cost $36 million. Today it couldn’t be duplicated for less than $8oo million, if indeed it could be dupli­ cated at all. Artisans who created it were brought to the United States from Europe; antiques were gath­ ered the world over. 
On opening day Herbert Hoover broadcast the keynote address from the White House. Speaking to a nationwide audience, Hoover commended the owners for their display of courage during those lean years. 
Courageous they were, for the Waldorf lost money for a dozen steady years until a turnaround brought it out of the red in 1943. 
Later, Herbert Hoover himself moved into the 
Waldorf Towers, where he remained until his death. 
The Towers, operated separately from the hotel, has its own private entrance, lobby and elevator. Lux­ urious suites and apartments are rented by the day, the week, the month or the year, filling the gap between the 21st and 42nd floors. 
Suites costly 

They rent from $15o to $8oo a day (the latter being the rate for the Presidential Suite) or $41,ooo to 
$15o,ooo a year, varying in size from two to eight rooms. 
Heirloom antiques, objects d’art and replicas of museum pieces dignify The Towers. Private cars are available to guests. So are chauffeured limou­ sines. 
The United States maintains a permanent suite for the U.S. ambassador to the U.N., as do some 3o other nations. Other full-time guests, including Mrs. 
Douglas MacArthur, occupy apartments. 
The Duchess of Windsor spends several weeks in her tower apartment each year. Returning recently, she exclaimed to an elevator operator, “ It’s so good to be home again!” 
It was in The Towers that Pope Paul VT was en­ tertained during his visit to the United States. Cole 
Porter’s suite still contains the Steinway piano on which he composed numerous popular songs. And remaining still is the exquisite parquet floor he installed from an old French chateau. 
Liz Taylor moved into The Towers recently, occu­ pying a suite with peach-colored walls and rugs, a grand piano and a baby-blue boudoir with a queen- ly-size chaise lounge 
Whenever Frank Sinatra drops by the Waldrof he asks for the Greenhouse Suite, the reason being a billiard table goes along with the furnishings. 
Every U.S. President since Herbert Hoover has been a guest of the Waldorf. The register contains the names of the kings of Italy, Greece, Denmark, 
Belgium and Arabia; Queen Elizabeth, Winston 
Churchill, Albert Einstein, Nikita Khrushchev, 
Charles de Gaulle, India’s Nehru and dozens of film and stage stars. 
Occasionally, though, even the sophisticated staff of the Waldorf becomes unglued. One of its recent embarrassing moments occurred during a visit by 
Israel’s Moshe Dayan. PLO leader Yasser Arafat put in an appearance, too. And so the name of the game was to keep the two adversaries separated. 

So many foreign dignitaries visit the Waldorf that the hotel employes a full-time keeper of the flags. 
Others include eight upholsterers and 46 bellmen. 
Lest someone get the impression the Waldorf is totally beyond the pocketbook reach of the average citizen, it’s not true. Singles start at $44 a day and doubles are available for as little as $56. There are also special honeymoon and weekend packages. 
At mealtime the W'aldorf’s guests have the choice of dining in the Bull and Bear, Peacock Alley, a 
.Japanese restaurant or Oscar’s, which is a coffee shop named for the hotel’s first maitre d’. 
Kidney pie and English ale are specialities of the 
Bull and Bear, with its pub-like atmosphere and stand-up mahogany bar. (The room’s steady tipplers are given their own personalized glasses). 
Romantics choose the warmth of Peacock Alley with its flambe offerings and famous Sunday brunches of corned beef hash, lox and bagels, chilled juices, eggs, sausage and bacon as well as cakes, pies, mousse and champagne. 
To make it all seem like Joe and Alice in Won­ derland, strolling musicians perform for the Alley’s diners. 
Peacock Alley also is where high tea is served each afternoon between 3 and 5 to the accompani­ ment of piano and violins. 
If unimpressed so far, then what of the Waldorf’s barman who created a new drink especially for a 
Bolivian tin king? 
The man took a sip, arched his eyebrows and asked, “ What’ll we call it?” 
The bartender shrugged. “ I ’m not sure. Sir. 
What’s your name?” 
“ Martinez,” replied the guest. 
Gesturing grandly, the barman declared, “ Let’s call it the Martini.” 
And so it was. 

Get a lot for a little 

 at the 

JCPenney restaurants. 

South Park • W indsor Park 

All you can eat. . . only 1.89 

Monday 
Chicken Fried Steak 

Tuesday 
Taco Platter 

W ednesday 
Spaghetti with meat sauce 

* 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
Thursday 
Meat Loaf 

* 
# 
• 
• 
• 
# 
Friday 
Filet of Seasonal Fish 

Soup & Sandwich Special 

— 1.29— 

Chicken Salad, tuna salad plus a cup of Soup of the day. 

"C oca-Cola" and "C oke " are registered 
Trademarks which identify the same product of 
The Coca-Cola _ 
Company. 

It’s the real thing 
Coke. 
Trademark 

* 
* 
* 
• 
4 k? \ * t "•* 'n 
V y a 
4 4 * i 
V v • • 
. 
• 'n * 
* V v rn 
* V > 
V 4r 

San Antonio EX PR ESS-N EW S— Sunday M ay 15 1977 

Waldorf is host to 

A * i i minor adventure for e Iii Id re ii 

DAVID PIPES, left, and Ida Clement, right, watch as Laura and Benjamin prepare for the first 
Children’s Summer Adventure, “ The San Antonio Specials," sponsored by the Trinity 
University Idea Workshop. Applications are now being received for the two-week program 
June 6-17 weekdays from 9 a.m. to noon. Children ages 7 to I 4 will investigate San 
Antonio’s cultural and historical heritage and will record their impressions in a book. For further information, call 736-8 I o4 or 736-8 I o9. 

Gifts for the 
Graduate. 

Save s1o to s18 on Samsonite 
Silhouette luggage. 

Charge it. use your 
JCPenney charge card 
JCPenney 

South Park Mall, 923-5461 
Windsor Park Mall, 654-155o 

79.95 

Brother* Deluxe 75o TR manual typewriter. Automatic repeat 

 spacer bar for electric-like carriage movement. Half and back 

 space keys. Personal touch selector, jam release, much more. 

Samsonite^ Silhouette luggage in special colors: wom­ en's luggage is sky blue or moonglow, men s is a rich olive. Features in Absolve*' molded shell. It wipes clean with a damp cloth. Lightweight frame with heavy duty steel hinges, tongue and groove closure, recessed locks and cushioned handle. 

Brother® typewriter 
12oo watt dryer. 

17.99 

Rey. 17.99 JCPenney 12oo watt jjro-styler dryer. 

Two speed settings, three temperature settings: 

 cool, warm, hot. Comes with concentrator attach­ 

 ment. 

JCPenney Mini Pocket Camera. 
They're made to fit your pocket and your pocketbook. 

19.99 

JCPenney Mini-Pocket 
Camera outfit with flip flash. O utfit includes. m ini pocket cam era, wrist strap, roll of color film, and one flipflash. 

Beauty case, it O O orig. $48 
N ow $ < 3 2 
Wom en's 24" pullman, it orig. $ 6 8 
N ow $ 5 o 

Wom en's 26" pullman, it A. A. orig. $ 7 8 ....................N ow $oo 
Wom en's 21" Weekender orig. $ 5 o ....................N ow $ - 4 o 
Wom en's handi-tote, orig. $ 4 o ............. Now 2 8 * 5 o 
Men s 3 suiter, orig. $ 8 o ............. Now O / * 5 o 
Men s suit pack, i t o z . orig. $46 ................... N ow $ 3 o 

' 
ATTENTION: 
1 

C O M M E R C IA L BU ILDIN G 

I 

® Keep Rooms Cooler 
• Save Air Conditioning 

• Stop Sun Fade 
• Moke Glass Safer 
P O W E R M A ST E R S OF T EX A S 
I 2 o o 6 R A D IU M 
3 4 2 -9 3 3 1 

En|oy the view outside, while let­ ting in light without heat glare & 

 fading from the sun! 

 iviwanis fete honors school safety patrols 

San Antonio elemen­ tary schools and students were honored Saturday at the 37th Annual School 
Safety Patrol Rally. 

The rally at Municipal 
Auditorium was spon­ sored by the Hi wan is 
Club of San Antonio and conducted by the San 
Antonio Police Depart­ ment. 
About 4,ooo outstand­ ing school patrol guards 

 received plaques and certificates for their ef­ forts in promoting school safety programs. 

The 5th U.S. Army 
Band performed after the ceremonies were opened by a color guard of the 
U.S. Marines. 

Elementary schools re­ ceiving plaques were: 
Ball, Bellaire, Bonham, 
Briscoe, Camelot, Clear 

'•ss****1 

What’s the best look under the sun? 
Shine. 
From light, bright, healthy looking hair. 

Frosting special, 18.88. Flirt with the idea of going blonde. Or add delicate highlights to your natural color Toner, styling included 
Proteine perm, 17.5o. So good for your hair; conditioners "fatten'’ hair, give great body. 
Includes shampoo, cut and styling. 

Charge it. 
Perms not recommended for batched hair 

South Park 
923-5461 
The JCPenney Beauty Salon 
W indsor Park 
6 5 4-156 5 

Carpet sale. 
We’ve cut 11%to22%off cut-and-loop carpeting and popular plush styles. 
Fully installed: includes carpeting, padding, labor. 

JCPenney 

South Park Mall and Windsor Park Mall 

Springs, Collins Garden and Crockett. 

Also, De Zavala, Fen­ wick, Foster, Franklin, 
Gardendale, 
Gillette, 
Guerra, Highland Hills, 
Highland Park, Hillcrest, 
Huppertz, Hutchins and 
Kelly. 

Also, King, Madison, 
Morrill, Neal, Olmos, 
Park Village, Rogers, St. 
Margaret Mary, Schulze, 
Shenandoah, Wilshire, 
Wilson, 
Woodlawn, 
Woodlawn 
Hills and 
Wright. 

Schools receiving cer­ tificates were: Adams, 
Barkley, Baskin, Boone, 
Bowie, Cameron, Christ the King, Coker, Colonies 
North, Columbia Heights and 
Cotton. 
Forbes, 
Graebner, Green, ll. B. 
Gonzalez, Kirsch, ll. K. 
Williams, Hoelscher, Ho­ ly Name, F. .Johnson, 
Nelson and Olivares. 

Also, Riverside, Ruiz, 
St. Gerard’s, St. .John’s, 
Serna, Stafford, Steele, 
Stewart, Storm, Sunset 
Hills, Travis, Vestal, 
Westwood Terrace, W W. 
White and Woodridge. 

2o% off all our print fabrics for custom draperies. 
2o% off lining, labor, and installation, too. 

We've a beautiful variety of large and small florals, plaids, stripes, historical prints, and more. All at 2o% savings. Choose colors that will work wonders in your rooms, choose a look that will invite second and third glances. 
Make your selection from dozens of fabrics; then we’ll make your new draperies with the quality detailing you want. You’ll get a great new look for your windows, you’ll save 2o% on fabric, lining, labor, and installation. 

Sale prices effective through Saturday. 

For JCPenny Custom Decorating 
Service call 654-1 55 o 
JCPenney 

Windsor Park Mall Store only 

19/7 JCPenney Co , Inc 
* 1977 JCPenney Co. Inc 

Medical auxiliary art festival 

M ED IC A L auxiliary of the Metropolitan G eneral Hospital is preparing for the second annual 
Spring Art Festival Sunday in the hospital’s administrative offices. From left are Mr s. Robert 

W eiss, publicity chairman; Mrs. Jess J. Diaz, art festival coordinator, and Mrs. Thomas P. 
Sullivan, president of the auxiliary. The art will be from members of the Bexar County Medical 

Society and their families. 
Singles feel eft out 

By DAVID 
MCLEMORE 

U.S. singles — di­ vorced, widowed or un­ married — are in the majority but feel they are a unique minority, a psychologist-sex counse­ lor said Saturday. 
“ Only 3IJ per cent of 
Americans now live in what is thought as the majority lifestyle — he­ terosexual marriage with 
3.2 kids,’’ said Dr. Don­ ald L. McRee, director of the Center for Counseling an Health Services, 86o6 
Village Drive. 
Dr. McRee was one of several featured speakers at the Singles 
Convention of Texas at the Menger Hotel. The meeting was sponsored bv Single Catholics Over 
Thirty (SCOTS). 
Led workshop 
Dr. 
McRee led a workshop on “ Sex and the Single Person,’’ at­ tended by most of the convention participants. 
“ The fact that single people make up a signi­ ficant majority indicates that many people are courageously trying to carve out their own sex­ ual lifestyles,” he said. 
“ But the value system which sets up marriage and family as the tradi­ tional model has not kept pace with the change.” 
Dr. McRee said the conflict between new li­ festyles and traditional values makes single peo­ ple feel isolated and un­ ique with their problems. 
“ All people, single and married, are afraid to talk about their prob­ lems,’’ he said. “ They are afraid others will think them odd or weird.” 
Uncomfortable 
He noted that talking about yourself is initially an uncomfortable act, particularly when you’re talking about sexual matters. 
“ There’s a peculiar paradox in this country. 
W e’re told that sex is dirty and nasty and we should save it for the one we love the most.” 
Dr. McRee said the issue for single people is how to get close to an­ other person in order to develop a relationship with purpose. 
“ People need to break out of the strait-jacket of uniqueness and realize they are not alone. They can do so by finding others to talk with about their problems and their lives. 
All involved 
“ Both marrieds and singles need to learn there is no such thing as perfect relationship and that we’re all in­ volved in a trial-and-er- ror process of relating with others.” 
To do so, Dr. McRee added, society in general will need to allow for multiple types of rela­ tionships so people can individually carve out a lifestyle that fits them. 
“ We all need support from each other if we’re going to make our lives work,” he said. 

CORN’N CLUCK 
UNDER A BUCK 

 f o r 
YOUCSET: 

• A cobette of sweet, golden corn. 
• Two pieces of juicy 
Kentucky Fried Chicken., 
• Mashed potatoes and gravy 
• A delicious fresh roll. ' 

Continued from Page IC ed inferior work and winked at drug abuse 
Gale says he wanted the letter read in the Pentagon so as to change the situation. He subsequently wrote to 
Congress and initiated an investigation by the inspector general’s office of 25 allegations. 
“ They point out significant deficien­ cies in supply accountability and readiness of Brigade 75 units,’’ in­ cluding a $7o,-ooo equipment shortage, the Army would write Sen. Hubert 
Humphrey. 
Dirty linen 
According to Cole, his commanding officers sought to have him withdraw the resignation to avoid em barass- ment. One of them, Brig. Gen. Clyde 
W. Spence, said in a telephone inter­ view that he didn’t think “dirty linen” should be washed publicly. He asked 
Cole whether he would go to the press and Congress and suggested he retract his allegations. Later, Spence told the inspector general. 
“ I felt his actions regarding his let­ ter of resignation, regarding his al­ legations ... regarding possible press, to bring congressmen in, that if he really had the intention of being a top-notch Army officer, then it seemed to contradict what I thought perhaps was the intention by Capt. Cole to bring the Army down with him.” 
Spence, term ing Cole “ a brilliant officer,” also said he asked him to 
“reconsider and withdraw” his resig­ nation. It was nothing more than ad­ vice, Spence said in the interivew. 
However, both Cole and Pretzer say it definitely was a request. And a gen­ eral’s “request” is not taken lightly, 
Cole notes. 
Better job 
The subject of a better job for Cole, if the resignation were withdrawn, also was raised. 
“ I m ean, they offered me the world,” Cole says, adding that he could not stop the inspector general’s inves­ tigation if he wanted to and would not withdraw his resignation unless he was assured of an officer efficiency report 

 that would not end his career. 
It turned out that Cole had good rea­ son to worry about his OER. It was devastatingly low. It, too, had to be done twice, for Tomlinson and others of his raters had difficulty justifying the low figures with a perform ance described on the form as “ outstand­ ing.” 
Although Cole ostensibly was relieved routinely, an investigation on a court-martial sprang into being. 
As quickly as it was begun, however, the probe was dropped on the orders of the commanding general, Maj. Gen. 
William Webb. He told the inspector general that the investigator had solicited “anti-Capt. Cole information” and said in a telephone interview that it was “perhaps unfair” to Cole. 
“ Maybe it was harassment, but it was dropped,’’ Phillips conceded. 
“Cooler heads prevailed.” 
Withdrawn 
The command in Germany wrestled with the resignation letter and its con­ tents for nearly two months. Toward the end of that period, Cole submitted a two-paragraph request to withdraw it in the hope of pursuing his allegations on Capitol Hill and elsewhere from inside. 
But Webb would not give him back his resignation. He said in the inter­ view it was “his considered judgment” that the home command should decide on it. 
In a classic Catch-22 situation, a spokesm an at Fort Hood said he believed Maj. Gen. George S. Patton 
3rd, who refused to be interviewed personally, denied the request as well, on the ground that the events had oc­ curred 6,ooo miles away. 
While still in Germany, Cole sought to have his OER changed by formal procedures but contends that the com­ mand hindered him. The inspector general, in fact, criticized Webb as 
“ not totally responsive” to an order to give Cole assistance. 
And the inspector general’s office further said “some” actions restrict­ ing Cole’s access to his battalion 
“could be viewed as intimidating and harassing in nature.” 
Responding to new allegations Cole 

He pointed out significant deficiencies in supply accoun tability an d readiness o f brigade units, including a $7o,ooo equipment shortage — and a senator got hold o f the report 

 made on the handling of his resigna­ tion, his termination as the battallion’s supply officer and what he believed 

 was harassment, that same office sub­ stantiated or partially substantiated 39 out of 45 of them. 

Still, Cole accuses the inspector general of having conducted a super­ ficial probe. Testimony was taken from Cole on but two of the allegations, he says. 
Asking why Cole will not hand over the piles of documentation he has, the 
Army replies that the charges spoke for themselves and needed no addi­ tional testimony. He will turn it over. 
Cole responds, but only with acom- 

 panying testimony. 

In October, a Pentagon review board declared that even though Cole wanted to stay in the Army, it wouldn’t be iii his or the Army’s best interest. Nor would the Army, now the target of some inquiries from Congress, extend 
Cole’s release date. 
The battle may be over for the 
Army, but it isn’t for him. 
Navy men face fraud charges 

NEW YORK TIMES NEWS SERVICE 
SAN DIEGO — A federal court jury has begun hearing evidence of fraudulent sales of desert wasteland allegedly promoted by a group of Anna­ polis graduates who employed young Navy officers to solicit buyers aboard ships and at shore bases. 

Twenty active duty and former Navy men, in­ cluding eight Naval Academy graduates, were indicted by a federal grand jury last August 17 on 43 counts of conspiracy, mail fraud and falsifying Navy credit union loan applications. Nine of the 2o are on trial now, and trial dates for the other 11 defendants will be set later by Federal District Judge Howard 
B. Turrentine. 

The indictments were returned after an investi­ gation by the Navy Judge Advocate’s office here into large-scale California land dealings. The investiga­ tion was based on complaints from Navy and Marine 
Corps personnel who bought parcels of arid land in 
Victor Valley at the western edge of the Mojave 
Desert, north of San Bernardino. 
The 2o defendants were all officers or employes of a San Diego-based concern called CRCF-United 
Growth Corp., which was founded in 1972 by one of the accused Annapolis graduates, James S. Coleman 
3d. Coleman, a 33-year-old former Navy lieutenant commander, served as the concern’s first president. 
Terry J. Knoepp, a United States attorney, said that several hundred Navy and Marine Corps officers and enlisted men, 7o of whom had testified before the grand jury, had apparently been victi­ mized by the land promoters. 

If convicted, the defendants could receive maxi­ mum sentences of five years in prison and fines ranging up to more than $1oo,ooo. All have refused to comment on the case. 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday May I 5 I 977____ 

Army may have quit, but Cole hasn’t 

Women's sandal with 
California style heel. 
In assorted colors. 
Sizes 5-1o. 

Look what will buy. 

You’ll want several of these summer-loving our down-to-earth prices. styles 

Women's string wedge thong. Natural color only. Sizes 5-1o. 

Women's two band v, heel in assorted fashion colors. Sizes 5-1o. 

Charge it, or ask about our convenient layaway plan. 
For other great buys, shop the JCPenney catalog. 

Women's woven cork wedge. In assorted fashion colors. 
Sizes 5-1o. 

Women's stripping sandal. Assorted colors. 
Sizes 5-1o. 
JCPemey 

McCreless • Northwest • South Park • Windsor Park • Terrell Plaza • Downtown 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday May 15 1977 
Concert ticket winners picked 

Ten lucky San Antonians will be taking their favorite person to see the Captain and Tennile 
Show Tuesday free of charge, courtesy of the Express and The 
News. 

They are the winners in the Express 

Children sing at polygam ist rites 

SALT LAKE CITY (AP) - Thirty- six children of murdered polygamist leader Rulon Allred, 71, sang eulogies 
S atu rd ay as th e n a tu ro p a th ic physician’s body lay in an open coffin at the base of a high school stage. 

 and News’ Captain and Tennille con­ test and have each won two tickets to the show. 
Tickets may be claim ed at the Ex- press-N ew s, Avenue E and T hird 
S tre e t, room 5o8, du rin g business hours. Winners are asked to pick up th e ir tic k e ts no la te r than 5 p.m . 
Tuesday. 
Those who have two free show tick­ ets waiting for them are: Kathy Smith, 
323o H illcrest Drive; John DuBose, 
28o2 Lasses Blvd.; Linda Fest, 6o2o 
Evers Road; Lucille S. G arrett, 7oo 
Gentleman St.; Laura Tuttle, 115 Cave 
Lane; Rudy Garcia, 914 Patton Blvd.; 
Cindy Pantuso, 234 Nassau Drive; Sara 
Devlin, Rt. I Box 49, Pipe Creek; Susan 
M organ, 121o2 La C harca S t., a n d l^ 
Nettie Crum, 23oo Forrest Ave. 
CAPTAIN AND TENNILE 

QUANTITY RIGHTS RESERVED 
SALES TO DEALERS 

DlSm uin CENTER 

O P E N S U N D A Y 

FOR SALE OF AIL MERCHANDISE IO A.M.-7-P.M. 

ALL THREE GIBSON’S STORES 

PRICES GOOD THRU MAY 18 

MENS 
SHORT 
SLEEVE 
SHIRTS 

65% POLYESTER 
35% COTTON 

REG. 5.97 

MENS 
FASHION 
JEANS 

8o% COTTON DENIM 
2o% POLYESTER 

REG. 
13.97 

88 

GIRLS 
SHORTSLEEVE 
OR SLEEVELESS 
KNIT TOPS 

SIZES 7-14 
1oo% NYLON-PRINTS 
2:*3 
REG. 
2.97. 

RANTS 

5o% POLYESTER 
5o% COTTON 
FLARE BOTTOM 
LIKE BRUSHED 
DENIM 
REG. 8.97 

ASS’T PRINTS 
AND SOLIDS. 
FLAT FOLD 
ONLY. 
I TO 3 YDS. 
LENGTH. 58” 
TO 6o” WIDE. 

SELECTED 
GROUP 

POLYESTER 
KNIT 
MATERIAL 
79* 
» 
-^ Y A R D 

REG. 2.37 

BLACK-SMOOTH 
CUSHION INSOLE 
OIL-RESISTANT 
NON-MARKING 
PYC HEEL AND SOLE. 

SERVICE 
OXFORD 
REG. 15.97 

REG. 
16.97 
FUDPUCKERS 
MO 

SOFT GLOVE LEATHER 
JUTE WRAPPED MIDSOL 
PLANTATION CREPE SOLE 
BROWN, TAN, BLACK. 

All searching hopefully for love in life 

Soap 
Opera 
Review 

By JoN-MICHAEL REED 
I 

Miss your favorite soap opera this week? Catch up w ith this h an dy rundown on the week's events. 

ALL MY CHILDREN: 
Anne was rushed to a ho­ spital em ergency room after taking an overdose of sleeping pills. Nick agreed with Mona to di­ vert E rica from Mark. 
Kitty wants to adopt a child. Jeff told Christina that her ghostly visita­ tions are a projection of her guilt feelings. Frank and Nancy got chummy again. 
ANOTHER WORLD: 
Iris changed tactics by g e ttin g V era and m u­ seum c u ra to r Q uentin 
Ames to offer Rachel a sculpting com m ission. 
H elga’s d a u g h te r, Re- gine, from 
Sw eden, moved in with the Corys. 
Ray and Alice set a June w edding date. C larice turned down Jeff’s m ar­ riage proposal but agreed to loan him money with­ out telling Jim . Marianne realized she’d been had by Olive. Angie called it quits with Evan. Frank got fed up with Liz. 
AS 
THE 
WORLD 
TURNS: Dan found Andy at John’s hideaway. But 
Andy can’t be taken le­ gally until the baby is off the prem ises, and until then Kim and Lisa must not allow John to suspect they’re on his tail. Ralph returned to Denver with his wife. Nancy and Joyce had a falling out. Susan learned that Betsy saw her drunk. Sandy dated a new beau, Roger, while 
Kevin watched over Su­ san. 

DAYS OF OUR LIVES: 
T rish is p reg n an t. 
C harges ag ain st M ike w ere dropped. 
Tom asked Bill to take over his p ra c tic e , then had a n ­ other seizure. Marie a r­ rived. David turned in his notice. Brooke and Mary had a fight at work. Da­ vid and V alerie ex per­ ienced prejudice when they were asked to leave a restaurant. 
THE 
DOCTORS: 
Wendy accused Eleanor of squandering Wendy’s trust fund on gigolo Luke. 
Nola decided to go to the 
Riviera with Jason. Ann insinuated to Jason that 
M .J. m ay be M rs. Lo­ max. Steve asked Ann for time alone to sort out his feelings. 
THE 
EDGE 
OF 
NIGHT: 
A pril b ad ­ mouthed Miles’s wife to 
Nicole. Nadine confront­ ed Raven about her affair with Ansel. Ira decided to present Mike’s prosecu­ tion to the grand jury ra th e r than allow ing 
D raper to do it. Tracy learned she and Inez have a mutual “ friend.” 
GENERAL 
HOSPI­ 
TAL: 
D iana forgave 
Heather who refused to reveal her baby’s father. 
Jeff leveled with Monica about Heather. The adop­ tion agency rejected the 
Taylors because of Dian­ a ’s past. T erri was re ­ leased and began having flashbacks. Lesley wrote 
Rick a “ that’s it” letter. 
GUIDING 
LIGHT. 
Barbara and Adam came to blows over Roger. Hol­ ly told Ed she wouldn’t rem arry him. Ann fumed that Mike spent time with 
Jack ie helping her ac­ q u ire a shop. Ju stin warned Sarah not to take their romantic interlude seriously. 
LOVE OF LIFE: Meg inform ed 
Ray that there’s a Mrs. fan Rus­ sell. Charles asked Feli­ cia to come home to dis­ cuss their situation. Lynn 

 admitted to Van that she loves Ben. Mia blamed h erself for 
Ben and 
Betsy’s breakup. 
ONE LIFE TO LIVE: 
Tony warned Cathy not to be threatening to Pat. 
Samantha and Naomi a r­ gued about the birds and the bees. Marco came on strong to Lana and tried to get a job with Dorian. 
Joe and V icki argued over Kevin’s upbringing. 
RYAN’S HOPE: 
Dee plotted a fake m iscar­ riage after Mary slapped her during an argument. 
Tom chastized P at for being Jack’s source for the devastating column 
Jack wrote about the ho­ spital. Roger threatened to blackmail Seneca with revelation of S en eca’s blood type unless Seneca rehires him. 
SEARCH 
FOR TO­ 
MORROW: Cindy turned to Gary for comfort after 
Bruce fired her. John told 
Stephanie if s too soon to think about m arriag e. 
Woody stood by Liza after 
Ja n e t told h e r about 
Steve and Kitty. 
THE 
YOUNG 
AND 
THE RESTLESS: Brock befriended a mysterious girl nam ed Jodie. Kay grieved w hen 
Joann m oved out and dated 
Ja c k . S n ap p er feared that Liz may soon regain her m em ory. Jill grew attracted to Derek while hedging D av id ’s m a r­ riage proposal. 
ALL THAT GLITTERS: 
“ Sheikess” Farrah left in a huff with the Wil­ m ington c o n tra c t, but minus Linda who hired agent Joan. Christina and 
Dan decided to live to­ gether. Joan used Glen’s career ambitions to con­ vince Nancy to have the 
Globatron board back a film on Linda’s life. 
Send your questions about soap operas to 
“ Tune In T om orrow ,” 
P.O. Box 2171, San Anto- mio.Tex. 78297. Questions cannot be answered per­ sonally, but those of gen­ eral interest may be ans­ wered in future columns. 
Envoy resigns for TCU post 

LIMA, P eru (A P) — 
U.S. Ambassador Robert 
W. Dean has announced he will becom e a d i­ plom at in residence at 
Texas C hristian Univer­ sity next fall. 

Dean, 56, a native of 
H insdale, IIL , said he w ill leave P e ru next month, s 

The career diplom at, who was appointed by 
President Richard Nixon in April, 1974, will be re­ placed by 
H arry 
Shlaudeman, form er As­ sistant Secretary of State for Latin A m erican Af­ fairs. 

“ My wife and I are go­ ing to buy a van and tour the states en route to our new hom e in 
F o rt 
Worth,” said Dean, who added that he expects to lectu re and study. 

Bulletin 
Board 

WHATS 
I 
:OMING UP IN! 
IS AN ANTONI 
THIS WEEK 

Doberman Pinscher Club 
The Doberman Pinscher Club of San Antonio will hold a sanctioned B-OB Match Sunday at Lady Bird 
Johnson Park, 1o7oo Nacogdoches Road 
Match site entries will be accepted. Entries for obedience will close at 9:3o a m. and confirmation entries close at 12:3o p.m. 
Junior showmanship will follow obedience judg­ ing. Confirmation judging will start at I p.m. 
F or m ore in fo rm atio n , con tact Jo n i Kahn, 
497-3519, or John Barfield, 656-3437. 
Firemen’s picnic 

The Windcrest Volunteer Firem an’s Assn. will hold its annual Firem en’s Picnic and Sausage 
Supper at I p.m. Saturday at the Windcrest Re­ creation Area on Jim Seal Drive. 
Entertainment featuring gam es, rides and prizes starts at I p.m. The supper is from 4 to 8 p.m. 
Tickets are $2.5o for adults and $1.5o for children under 12. 
The San Antonians will provide music for a free dance from 8 to 11:3o p.m. 
This is the only fund-raising event the Windcrest volunteers have to finance the purchase of safety equipment and to send men to the Firem en’s training school at Texas A&M. 
Recreation Division fiesta 

San Antonio Recreation Division invites all San 
Antonians to participate in its first annual fiesta from noon to IO p.m. Sunday at F arm er’s Market. 
Fun, food, gam es, beer and continuous entertain­ ment will be offered. Startin g at 7 p.m ., the 
Community Center talent finals will be held in the 
Showmobile. 
The finals will be preceded by an afternoon of m ariachi m usic, dancing and a variety show fea­ turing the P ark s and Recreation D epartm ent’s 
Folkloric Dancers. 
Nursing convocation 

Santa Rosa Medical Center Adm inistrator Charles 
V. Heath will be keynote speaker to the convocation 
Sunday honoring degree candidates from the Uni­ versity of Texas Health Science Center School of 
Nursing. 
The ceremony honoring 129 candidates will be held in the health science center auditorium at 3 p.m. 
Of the 128 students being honored, 3o women and four men have completed studies leading to m aster of science degrees. Eighty-five women and IO men will be recognized as bachelor of science in nursing degree candidates. 
An outdoor reception will follow the convocation. 
The public is invited to the cerem onies and the reception. 
UTSA commencement 

The University of Texas at San Antonio’s fourth annual commencement will be at 3 p.m. Sunday at the UTSA Convocation Center. 
U.S. Rep. Bob Krueger will give the commence­ ment address. 
Mental Health Fiesta 
A marathon run beginning at noon Saturday will highlight day-long activites during Mental Health 
Fiesta at F arm ers’ Market. 
Participants in the marathon run will be County 
Com. Albert Bustam ante, Dr. Aaron Liberm an. executive director of the Bexar County Mental 
Health/Mental Retardation Center, City Councilman 
Glen Hartman and clients of the Southwest Mental 
Health Unit. 
The run will begin at the Central YMCA. 9o3 N. St. 
M ary’s St., and will end at F arm ers’ Market. 
The fiesta will be sponsored by the Bexar County 
M H /M R C en ter and other local com m un ity agencies. 
The fiesta also will feature live m usic, entertain­ ment, gam es and information about the agencies. 
Activities will be conducted from noon to 7 p.m. 
Saturday. 
/ 
St. Ju d e’s Church Day 

Bishop Patrick Flores will give the welcoming address at St. Ju d e ’s Catholic Church Parish Day 
Saturday. 
The activities will be from 9 a m. to 6 p.m. at the church, 13o S. San Augustine St. 
Parish personnel will hold w orkshops in the morning and afternoon on needs of the community and practical ways to meet those needs. 
There will also be group singing, m ariachi music and a Thanksgiving M ass with Archbishop Francis 
Furey. 
The event is free and the public is invited. 
Portrait unveiling 

A portrait of the co-founder of Our Lady of the 
Lake University will be unveiled Sunday. 
The unveiling ceremony will honor Mother M. 
Angelique A yers, who helped OLLU receive its accreditation as a four-year college in 1919. The portrait will be unveiled in the Renaissance Parlor at the university at 3:3o p.m. 
The painting w as commissioned by William Bugg, 
Mother A ngelique^ nephew, and his wife, Mildred 
Webb Bugg. 
Mother A ngelique becam e academ ic dean of 
OLLU in 1919. She later became Superior General of the Sisters of Divine Providence in 1943. 
She died after a long illness in 1968. 
Southside Boys’ Club 

The re-opening of the Southside Boys’ Club, 211 W. 
Drexel, is set for 3 p.m . Monday. 
The Boys’ Club, which serves 7oo South Side youths, was closed in February because of a lack of funds. 
A $75,ooo revenue sh aring gran t allowed the re-opening. 
It will be open from 3 to 9 p.m. Tuesday through 
Friday. On Saturdays it will be open from 9 a.m . to 6 p.m. 
The sum m er schedule will be from 9 a m. to 6 p.m. Monday through Friday. 
Al Sapenter has been re-assigned as acting branch director for the club. 
Medical alumni gathering 

U.S. Rep. Bob Krueger will be the guest speaker at the second annual Alumni Day gathering of medical school graduates of the University of Texas Health 
Science Center at San Antonio. 
Krueger will speak at a luncheon Saturday at the 
Oak Hills Country Club following a morning busi­ ness meeting of the Alumni Assn. 
Markup clerk exam s 

San Antonio P ostm aster John J . Saldana has announced that applications for the examination for 
Markup Clerk — Automated will be accepted Mon­ day through Friday between 9 a.m . and 4 p.m . 
Applicants m ust be able to type 4o words per minute for five m inutes with no more than two errors. Starting salary is $12,181 per year. 
Applications and further inform ation m ay be obtained in the Main Post Office Lobby, 615 E. 
Houston St., on the dates and times stated above. 

San An tonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday May 15 1977 
H 

BUDGETof s a n a n t o n io 

 a h 
UNDER THE BIG TOP 
COME SEE W HY PEOPLE ARE TALKING ABOUT THE MOST SENSATIONAL 
SA V IN G S AT LFD BUDGET'S GREATEST SALE O N EARTH. CHOOSE 
FROM THOUSANDS OF DOLLARS WORTH OF FINE FURNITURE AND 
APPLIANCE VALUES . . . DON'T M ISS OUT O N THE BIG SA V IN G S . . .GET 
YOUR SHARE. . . BUT HURRY THESE GREAT BUYS W O N T LAST FOREVER! 

UMPS 
*5 
AND 
UP 

LARGE SELECTION 
OF HEADBOARDS 

$5 
AND 
UP 

USED GOLD GE 
AUTO WASHER 

‘ 125“ 

NEW 12 CU. FT. G.E. 
REFRIGERATOR 

CARPETS 

LARGEST SELECTION 
OF REMNANTS. . . 

$ % 
SO. YD. 
FROM 
I AND UP 

9x12 VINYL RUGS so o o 

MATTRESS 
A N D 
BOX SPRINGS 
SLIGHTLY SOILED 
IO 

AND 
UP 

165 

ODD NIGHT STANDS 

$1 o 

LARGE SELECTION 
OF PICTURES 
AND 
UP 
12 

LOOK FOR 
OUR GIGANTIC 
CIRCUS 
TENT! 

STARTS TODAY 
FROM IO A.M. TO 8 P.M. 
CONTINUES MONDAY THRU SATURDAY 
FROM 1o A.M. TO 6 P.M. 

 y r 

19 i f 

COLOR TV 
>333 

SWAG 
LAMPS 
‘25 

MANY 
ONE OF A 
KIND ITEMS! 

SLIGHTLY DAMAGED 
BASSETT 5-PC. 
BEDROOM 
SUITE 
REG. 2129.95 

 w888OO 

5 PC. MAPLE OR PINE 
DINETTE 
BASSETT 8-PC. 
DINING ROOM SUITE 
‘144 
‘588 

HOU VNM. BD COMMIE 
TWIN SIZE HEADBOARD— MATTRESS 
AND BOX SPRING— METAL FRAME 
WITH ROLLERS 115 

EAST USY _ - _ _ 
SE 2o55 W MALONE 

PLENTY 
OF 
FREE 
PARKING 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday May 15 1977 
Legally yours 

A public aswee of IS* Son Antonio Bo' Ajsocioton 

Copyright 1976, Bor Amo- foaturet Ca. 

WITH EM PLO VER'S 

CONANT,secretary 
EAVESDROPS h.s 
PHONE CONVERSA­ 
TION. 
CAN SHE 
TESTIFY AS TO 
WHAT SHE HEARD/ 

D 
Y E S 
O N O 

ANSWER: 
The U.S. Supreme Court has said that under federal law an eavesdropper who with the consent of one of the parties to a telephone conversation listens in on a regularly used telephone extension, may testify in a federal court as to what was overheard. Such evidence has been held to be admissible in Texas’ courts. 
This feature presents legal principles and problems. Even though this feature is provided by your San Antonio Bar Association, it should not be taken as a legal opinion or advice, which can be given only by an attorney after consi­ dering all relevant facts and circumstances pertinent to your situation. 
Ex-socialite sentenced to prison in theft 

DALLAS (A P) — Some ten years after her fall from North Texas high society, Mrs. Margaret 
Medders finds herself facing a five-year prison term following her conviction on a theft of services charge. 
State District Court Judge John Vance Friday sentenced Mrs. Medders Friday, eight days after she was convicted on a charge accusing her of failing to pay $352 of a $14,ooo bill she owed a Dallas luxury hotel. 
Mrs. Medders also faces possible extradition to 
Shelby County, Tenn., where she is under indict­ ment. 
In the 196os, Mrs. Medders and her late husband. 
Ernest, built a paper empire valued at about $3 billion, claiming they were heirs to the vast Spind­ led ) oil fortune. The empire crumbled in 1967 when a relative filed suit, demanding to know the source of their income. The empire was found to contain only massive debts. 
The Medders threw gigantic parties at their ranch north of here and rubbed shoulders with the wealthy and powerful. On at least one occasion, they flew from Washington, D C., to Texas aboard Air Force 
One with the late President Lyndon B. Johnson... 
A lawyer who represented Mrs. Medders said 
Friday the conviction and sentence will be appealed. 
Camping fees slated 

Fees will be assessed users of U.S. Army Corps of 
Engineers camping facilities beginning May 27. The program will continue through Sept. 4. 
The fees — $1 to $3 per day for individuals and $6 to $2o per day for groups — are required by law at all federal campgrounds providing tent or trailer space, drinking water, comfort stations, access roads, visitor protection and other aids. 
Holders of the Golden Age passport — senior citizen cards — will receive a 5o per cent reduction on campground and electric outlet fees at Corps- operated recreation areas. 

BILINGUAL education co m m ittee members Lydia Garcia, seated left, 
Rom elia R am irez, Duardo Torres, standing le ft, and Rodolfo Ochoa 
Lopez, screen finalists in the Bilin­ gual Education Teacher of the Year competition 
Bilingual unit in conference 

The San Antonio Area Assn. for Bilingual Educa­ tion will hold its spring conference Saturday and 
May 22 in St. M ary’s University’s Continuing 
Education Center. 
The conference is co-sponsored by SA A ABE, the 
Harlandale School District, Intercultural Develop­ ment Research Assn. and St. Mary’s Guidance and 
Testing Assn. 
Dr. Joshua Fishman, a sociologist at Yeshiva 
University in New York, will be the keynote speaker during Sunday’s 9:3o a.m. session. 
Also at tne conference, the Bilingual Education 
Teacher of the Year will be announced. 
Fin alists are Linda Rodriguez Rivera of 
Edgeweood, Mrs. Rosa Saenz Fields of Harlandale, 
Mrs. Josephine Hisbrook of North East, Mrs. Maria 
Ortiz of Northside and Mrs. Aurora Marie Garcia of 
South San Antonio. 

7.99 Your choice special 
THE GOLFER’S OUTFITTING 
Action shirt with extra-long shirt-tail 
Stays in when you take that swing The ideal casual knit shirt Polyester-cotton in White, Light Blue. Maize, Tan, Navy 
S.M.L.XL 
Brushed twill shorts with jaunty cargo pockets Cotton in Light Blue, Navy or 
Off White 28-38 
Men s Better Sportswear 

' r n 

 ii I j 

7 

3.99 

21 .49 Reg. 26.95 
MONEY MANAGER, YOUR PERSONAL 
FINANCIAL ASSISTANT 
By Texas Instruments, the helper for household budgeting and business use as well Advanced mathematical capa­ bilities in addition to basic functions 
Calculators 

2.99 Will be $5 
BO YS’ T SHIRTS 
Mock turtles, crews, French T-necks in solid colors and snappy patterns. 4 to 7. 
5.99,2/51o 

Will be 8.5o each 
LIGHTWEIGHT PANTS 
By a famous maker in easy care fabrics Regular and slims 4 to 7. 
Boys' 4-7 Shop 

Reg .$7 
SUN-SHADES FOR EYE APPEAL 
Come see which is the handsomest tor you We ofter the gamut of current shapes, some gradient lenses, some polarized, many from Italy Wires, rimless and plastic frames 
Men's Accessories 

 sale 

■cT/ytA^y. 
\ v 
K 

17.99 
Reg.$25 
PRESTO*^ FRY BABY 
ELECTRIC DEEP FRYER 
Uses only two cups of cooking oil. prepares 1 or 2 servings super-quick, stores oil Easy-cleaning surface coat­ ing inside and out. Lift, drain spoon 
Small Electrics 

A copy of the warranty covering this merchandise is always available to you 
Wnte or come to the Cashier's Office at any Rhodes store 

THE GAMUT OF SPORT SOCKS 
Tennis white, cushioned, reg 1 75 3/4.2o 
Net stretch nylon, low cut, reg 1 5o 3/3.6o 
Sunmate pompon on low cut. reg 1 65 3/3.99 
Sneaker low cut, white stretch. reg 1 1o3/2.55 
Restfeel. low cut. sheer stretch nylon, reg 8oe 3/1.8o 
Whispette. suntan nylon. reg $1 3/2.25 
Hosiery 

I 49 yd. Special 
BREEZY COTTON PRINTS TO 
SEW UP FOR SUNNING 
Bold patterns, dainty prints, stripes, border prints, cool plisses. even some new scarf prints and arty batiks 
1oo% polyester seersucker, wrinkle-free in muted summer colors, 6o” wide 2.49 yd. 
Kettlecloth by Concord Cotton/poly­ ester, sporty brights. 45” wide. 
Reg. 2.5o1.49 yd. 
Calcutta cloth by Concord. Cotton- polyester, carefree, 45” wide 
Special 1.99 yd. 

Fashion Fabrics 

•cr 

A 
•■NJ 
—j 

33.99 Twin, reg. $43 
EM PRESS SPREADSIN JEW EL TONES 
FROM CANNON'S ROYAL FAMILY 
A gem for decorating your bedroom in 
Buttercup Yellow.Russet, or Parchment 
Ultrasonically quilted to resist snags, to wash beautifully Cotton/polyester with polyester fiberfill 
Full, reg $47 36.99 
Queen, reg $56 43.99 
King/Dual, reg $7o 55.99 
Draperies and Spreads 

Rhodes May Sale grows your way use your Rhodes Charge. 
Master Charge. BankAmericard or American Express. 

39* 

5.99 Reg.$1o 
SHELLS TO COMPLETE 
YOUR OUTFITS 
To make an outfit out of pant or skirt suits Sleeveless and short sleeved, ribbed with V-necks. U-necks, boat or cowl 
All belted; 36 to 42 
Blouses 

4.99, 8.99 Will be S7-S15 
JUNIOR T-SHIRTS 
Short, capped or extended sleeves, 
U-necks or crews In 1oo% cotton 
S. M. L. 
Junior World 
15.99 Will be $2o-$22 
SUMMER JEAN S 
Two styles: buckled /side elastic as shown or cargo-pocket style. 
Blue cotton denim, sizes 5 to 13 
Junior World 

 skein, Reg. 5o‘ 
LATCH HOOK RUG YARN 
BY BUCILLA® 
Pre-cut rug yarn of DuPont Orlon® acrylic, rich, durable colors. Also canvas and kits at 2o% off and more. 
Latch hook rug and pillow kits com­ plete with yarns, canvas, instructions 
Woodlands pillow kit, reg, $11 8.79 
Owl wall hanging, reg $24 19.19 
Woodlands rugs, reg. $33 26.39 
Rug and pillow canvases, a bevy of favorites Reg $4-$15 3.19-11.99 
Art Needlework 

North Star & Wonderland Shop Mon.-Sat. 1o to 9; Rhodes Charge, BankAmericard, Master Charge, American Express. An c A jn f o c Company 
S a l e e n d s M a y 2 1 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— 
Sunday May 15 1977 

5.99-19.99 Will be $8-525 

 i 

8 MATCHING MELON PATTERN 
CERAMIC HOSTESSWARE BY WHITTIER 
Select one or many: coffee server 11.99 casserole with lid 11.99 
6-section server 9.99 3-section server 6.99 
2-section server 5.99. Large lazy susan 19.99. Large salad bowl 11.99. Sugar and creamer set 8.99. White or buff 
Gifts 

7 

I 
7' 

RUGGED SOFT-SIDE LUGGAGE WITH 
HEAVY DUTY DURABILITY 
Note such details as double-buckled saddle straps, strong zippers, sturdy metal frames, comfort handle. All in handsome tan vinyl. 
They nest to store 
22" pullman, special 17.99 
24" pullman, special 24.99 
26" pullman, special 32.99 
29" pullman, special 37.99 
Tote, special 14.99 
Luggage 

9.95 6-pc. set Special 
HONEYMOON STONEWARE 
SERVICE FOR 2 
Gift-boxed, ready to present to a for­ tunate twosome Set includes 2 each luncheon dinner plate, mug. bowl 
Wheat, navy, polar white 
China 

INTERNATIONAL SILVER FOR THE GRACIOUS HOSTESS 
Bake and serve collection in glowing silverplate with oven­ proof glass liners. 
2 qt baker, reg. $25 14.99. 
5-pc. tea set elegance: teapot, coffeepot, covered sugar, creamer, waiter Reg $12o 53.99 Silver 

 r nmu rn -is 
[AF?SSS' r n 

 r n 

 r •/ 

V 

V-f is 

2.99, 2/$5 Special 

 ii 

INDISPENSABLE ACCESSORIES 
Sunny-hued scarves, floral and geometric dash, in squares and oblongs to tie at your neck or waist, to chicly wrap your head. Poly- ester-like silk 
Fashion Accessories 

1 .99-2.99 Reg. $3-$4 
Tube tops, airy little bardings for tanning. 
Shirred hugs, with or without straps, in solid colors and stripes. 
Fashion Accessories 

6.99 Reg. $12 
FAMOUS ‘LADY’ VARIATIONS 
ON THE T-SHIRT 
Short sleeves, scooped neck and a neat print on the style shown Just one winner from a collection by this name; 
8 to 16 
Blouses 
4.99 Special 
SHORTS SUPER-SELECTION 
TO START LEG-TANNING 
We really give a choice: sun-kissed solid colors, plaids, dots and even more; 1o to 18 
Sportswear 

 a 

P ' in f 
VIV v l&S* 
. w : 
12.99 

JA11 

J 't j 

OLr/ 

1o.99 Reg. $16-$18 
DAZZLE OF PRINTS IN 
T-HOME GLAMOUR LONGS ook every inch a lovely hostess in a sat, or a shapely plunge or a softly leafed gown. Some with long sleeves. ame with zipper front. Feel so jrnmine in supple acetate/nylon 
. S. M. L. oungewear 

3.49-5.5o Special 
SELECTED BRAS WITH 
OUR OWN PRIVATE LABEL 
Shown: underwire convertible, over the shoulder or halter for sun-backs and party dresses. White or Nude. 34 to 38 
B, C, DS.5o 
Not shown: Lace contour, smooth seamless in White or Nude 32 to 36A, 
32 to 38B.C3.49 
Not shown: Lace brief in White or 
Nude. S, M, L, XL 3.99 
Underfashions 

A s t t i i> rn t iI-V 
A 

• 9 

 r n 

•fi 
.all! 

Will be $18-52o 

WOMEN’S PRINT TUNICS 
Fashion's news to go with your pants 
You’ll feel so free in the smart looser cut. so refreshed in the pretty prints 
Some cotton, others nylon jersey 
38 to 44 
Women's World Sportswear 

Rhodes May Sale grows your way use your Rhodes Charge 
Master Charge, BankAmencard or American Express 

North Star & Wonderland Shop Mon.-Sat. 1o to 9; Rhodes Charge, BankAmericard, Master Charge, American Express. An c/Vmfec Company 
Sale ends May 21 

To hare your problem solved or a ques­ tion answered, write Action-Express, I*,(I. 
Hox 2171. Stin Antonio, I X 782V7. 

Colson on fires 

The other night Don Colson of Channel 12 covered a fire in a building just outside the city limits. 
He didn’t say so, but kind of implied that the San 
Antonio firemen should have gone ahead and fought the fire even though it w asn’t in the city. 
No one is forcing these people to live in the suburbs and build their offices in the suburbs. They do it because they don’t want to pay city taxes which pay for services like good fire protection. So will you ask Don Colson why he thinks San Antonio should provide free protection to those people? 
Where would Colson have us draw the line? At 5o feet beyond the city lim its, 2oo feet? Where? The city says the city limits is the line and that’s good enough for me. 
The suburbs already get things from San Antonio for free — like bus service which is subsidized by 
San Antonio tax money and the Symphony and plenty of other services? Should they get everything without paying for it? 
People who move outside the city to avoid taxes and city fire codes get exactly what they deserve. 
R. L. V. 

Colson said he was stunned when the San 
Antonio fire fighters stood by and watched at the city limit line. fie said there was a “ moral” obligation to at least check the banding for people and maybe ase the on-board hose nntil the volunteers arrived. 
Colson, him self a former volunteer and Air 
Force fireman, said In most cities where he has lived there Is some sort of cooperative agreement between the big city and its surrounding suburbs. 
Colson said he was not blaming the firemen for what they did bot was merely observing the si­ tuation caused by the city policy of not answering any calls beyond the city limits. 
We checked with Fire 
Chief I. o. Martinez and he said his men bad al­ ready determined there were no lives in danger. 
He said if a fire on the 

 city line threatens property inside the city, his men will fight the fire or if a piece of property straddles the city limits line, the city firemen will answer calls and put out fires on that propery, the chief explained. 
The chief said he would be in favor of a cooperative agreem ent with the suburbs, but he pointed out San Antonio taxpayers spend $51 mil­ lion a year on fire pro tection and that money is spent only to protect the lives and property of San 
Antonians. 
City Councilman Glen 
Hartman echoed those sentiments, noting that cooperation Is fine as long as San Antonio gets reimbursed (or helping 
•ut the suburbs. Connell sentiment seem s to be that the present policy will stand unless the su­ burbs offer something for 
San Antonio’s help — like money. 

Flowers gone 

Who took it upon him self to destroy God’s beauti­ ful flower garden at IH1o-IH41o last week’’ 
Bluebonnets, Indian paint brushes, flyw heels and 
Black-eyed Susans by the thousands ALL felled by the whirling blades of m an’s juggernaut, except a paltry few in the bottom of the ditch. None had m atured to seed producing stage for next year’s garden. 
Doesn’t the Department of Highways and Public 
T ran sp o rta tio n have a policy of b e a u tify in g rights-of-way? How can the above action possibly square with that policy? 
What can he done to prevent a repeat of the above destructive perform ance? 
WESLEY N. SCHULZE 
Spokesmen fur the de­ partment said the crews go to great lengths to preserve the roadside growths of flowers. 
A ction-Express has seen some very fancy maneuvering to keep stands of bluebonnets and other wild flowers intact when they are blooming. 
There are specific in­ structions from the high­ way maintenance office that no stands of flowers are to be mowed without prior approval from the department’s own lands­ cape architect. 

In this case, apparently enough of the flowers had seeded and to thin out the growth where the wild flowers were becoming very, very thick, the mowing was permitted. 

The department is so aware of the presence and beauty of the w in ­ now ers they annually send out notices to the news media about when and where each variety will be in blossom along the highways in the San 
Antonio and South Texas areas. 
Okay? 

XC-99 

What ever happened to that big experim ental airplane they used to have on display at Kelly A FB ? 
I was driving around with my kids the other day looking for it and I thought it was just off General 
McMullen Drive, but we couldn’t find it anywhere. 
Did they scrap it or what? 
I thought it was kind of interesting, sort of like visiting an extinct dinosaur in a museum or so­ mething. 
What was the name of the plane? I have forgotten. 
E. GARCIA 

Okay, the plane Is still where it always was. 
Bul it isn’t off McMul­ len Drive. You need to go west of McMullen on U.S. 

Acme Road-Callaghan 
Road exit, turn left over the expressway and then turn right where the road forms a “ T” at the Kelly 
AFB runway. Then follow that road around to the right and you will see the 
XC-99, the six-engined experimental propeller- 

 driven craft which, until the advent of the C5 was the largest plane in the world. 
The XC-99 has been joined by two other planes which are going to be part of an Air Me­ morial Museum. Stop by and they can give you some Information on how you can support this worthy project. Complete restoration of the XC-99 is part of the museum plans. 

Fiesta Hag 

You recently had something about the Fiesta flag. 
When I was in San Antonio for Fiesta I noticed a strange - looking flag flying over the Alamo. 
I couldn’t recognize it but it did seem green and blue — which was the description you gave of the 
Fiesta flag. W'as it the Fiesta flag? j, it 
UVALDE 
Yes, it was. 

... HE 
T H IN K 
WE 
Oo6HTTA 
SEND 
FIRE 
TRUCKE TO 
SEGUIN TOO ? 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS-—Sunday May 15 I 977 
Gas storage bill moving 

EXPRESS N EW S CAPITOL BUREAU 
AUSTIN ~ After some prolonged delaying tactics by opponents, a gas storage bill deemed vital to San An­ tonio and its natural gas supplier, 
Lo-Vaea Gathering Co., finally won approval last week in the Senate. 
SR8o1 by Sen. John Traeger of Se­ guin passed the Senate 21-9 last 
Wednesday and was sent to the House where a committee hearing has been set for Monday at IO a.m. 
The bill is important to all Lo-Vaca customers because it would give the company the right of eminent domain to acquire an underground gas storage reservoir. 
Ready availability of natural gas in storage would avert gas curtailments to Lo-Vaca customers during times of peak demand in the summer and winter months, Lo-Vaca officials have, said at committee hearings on the bill. 
Lo-Vaea is currently attempting to put together such an underground, storage reservior in South Texas but 

 the effort could be blocked by a small group of property owners over the site. 
Traeger’s bill would give Lo-Vaca, or any other gas supplier, the right to condemn such land as long as the company has already obtained rights to a majority of the land over the site 
The bill had been held up in the 
Senate for more than three weeks. 
LAETRILE 
HB1574, authorizing the manu­ facturer, distribution and use of the controversial drug laetrile for use in the treatment of cancer, was amended and then passed by the Senate 
Wednesday. 
The bill, by Rep. Senfronia Thomp­ son of Houston, must now be returned to the House where concurrance in the 
Senate amendment must be voted be­ fore the bill can go to the governor. 
If it is signed into law, Texas will become the fourth state to legalize laetrile. 
BALLOTS 
Also last week, senators passed and 
Status of legislation 

EXPRESS N EW S CAPITOL BUREAU 
AUSTIN — As of Sunday here was the status of important legislation pending before the o5th Legislature two weeks before adjournment: 
Single member districting 
— Still very much alive but traveling a snail’s pace is HBI989 by Rep. Don Cartwright proposing creation of single member district places on the San Antonio 
School District Board. 
Cartwright’s measure surfaced from the Committee on Regions, Compacts and Districts three weeks ago only to get stuck in the great log-jam of bills in the Calendars Committee. HB1989 would require SAS!) to complete re­ districting into seven equal districts bv 
January 198o. 
Cartwright was successful in switching his bill from placement on the House general state calendar to the local and uncontested calendar, which should make passage easier. Sources indicate the measure may be brought up Thursday for consideration in the 
House. The bill would also require the first single member district elections in April 198o. 
Gas Storage — After a rough ride through the Senate last week, Sen. 
John Traeger’s SB8o1 appears headed for even harsher treatment in the 
House. 
Traeger’s bill, considered by some legislators as probably the best consumer legislation in the 65th Le­ gislature, would grant gas companies the right of eminent domain in ac­ quiring underground gas storage re­ servoirs. 
Main beneficiaries of SB8o1 would be 
Lo-Vaca Gathering Co. and more than a million consumers of gas supplied by 
Lo-Vaca. Company officials say the power to condemn property is essential in completing a gas storage project under development. 
House sponsor of the bill, Rep. John 
Wilson of LaGrange, says passage will not be easy because stiff opposition is mounting in the House. 
The gas storage bill has been as­ signed to the House Committee on 

Natural Resources, which will hold a hearing on it Monday morning. 
Trade /o n e — 
San Antonio’s chances for becoming an even bigger international trade center were en­ hanced greatly last week with Senate passage of HB2191 by Rep. Ron Bird of 
San Antonio. The bill would clear the way for the city to apply to the federal government for establishment of a duty-free foreign trade zone. It is now awaiting Gov. Dolph Briscoe’s signa­ ture. 
Cult probe — A highly controversial resolution by Rep. Al Brown of San 
Antonio won committee approval last week. If passed, House Simple Reso­ lution 35 would authorize a House interim committee probe of religious cults in Texas. The aim would be to determine whether religious cults are dangerous to the livelihood of citizens, particularly young runaways. 
Pari-mutuel — 
A bill that would permit wagering at horse races on a local option basis is dead But a reso­ lution by Rep. Matt Garcia of San 
Antonio to authorize another referendum on the question of local option pari-mutuel wagering still has a chance. 
Garcia’s resolution faces considera­ tion by a committee and by both the 
House and Senate. The last referen­ dum in which an overwhelming ma­ jority of South Texans voted in favor of pari-mutuel wagering did not address the question of betting on a local-option basis. 
CPS trustees — With no favorable action for over a month, HB375 by Rep. 
Joe Hernandez may be considered dead and buried. The bill has laid dormant in the House Calendars Com­ mittee since being reported out favor­ ably from the House Intergovernmen­ tal Affairs Committee in March. Her­ nandez’ bill proposes to give San An­ tonio City Council power to appoint 
City Public Service trustees instead of having only informal authority to monitor selections made by trustees, who name their own successors. 
Krueger hits 
Coastal firm 

The oil and gas industry should not be judged on the actions of Coastal Gas 
Corp., U.S. Rep. Bob Kruger said 
Saturday. 
“ That would be the same as judging all Italians by the Mafia,” Krueger told a luncheon meeting of the San 
Antonio Chapter of the Associated In­ dependent Electrical Contractors of 
America. The luncheon was held at the 
Oak Hills Motor Inn. 
The New Braunfels congressman’s talk mainly covered his previously reported positions on energy and Pre­ sident Carter’s energy program. 
Krueger again noted it was not in the interest of Texas to extend President 
Carter’s proposed price controls over natural gas to Texas. 
“ It would be a tremendous blow to 
Awareness 
Week opens 

Mayor Lila Cockrell has proclaimed 
May 15-21 National Handicapped 
Awareness Week in San Antonio. . 
Co-sponsored by theBexar County 
Easter Seal Society and the National 
Easter Seal Society, Awareness Week is now in its third year. 
The purpose of Awareness Week is to alert San Antonio residents to the architectural, environmental and atti­ tudinal barriers which prevent the handicapped from using public tran­ sportation, finding housing or jobs, getting an education or benefitting from community services. 
Mayor Cockrell said the city is pro­ viding many new “ curb cuts” to im­ prove the mobility of the handicapped. 
Additional suggestions or visits to the 
Easter Seal Society, 2818 South Pine 
St., will be welcomed during Aware­ ness Week. 
“ There are thousands of handi­ capped persons who could contribute much to the productivity and well-be­ ing of our nation if we would just let them,” said Randy Aaron, executive director of the local Easter Seal Socie­ ty- 
“ Many times, the greatest barrier the handicapped must face is the one we create toward them in our minds.” 

 our state and our economy,” said 
Krueger. 
Krueger noted price controls would mean gas allocations and Texans would see much of its gas shipped out of the state to the Northeast. 
In the case of San Antonio, Krueger said that was a local problem caused because the city made an agreement under a contract that was not fulfilled. 

Krueger also attacked President 
Carter’s proposed tax on coal as unfair to Texans because the tax would be levied on a per ton basis rather than a 
BTU basis. A British Thermal Unit 
(BTU) is a measurement of energy. 

Lignite, a coal found in Texas, is a cheap-tvpe of coal and more tons would have to be burned to produce the same number of BTUs from a smaller amount of anthracite, a high grade coal found in the Northeast. 

Krueger said also urged the con­ tractors to practice energy conserva­ tion in their businesses. 
Ford speaker at Tow er fete 

HOUSTON (A P ) - Form er P re ­ sident Gerald R. Ford w ill be the principal speaker at a $1oo a plate dinner June 3 honoring U.S. Sen. John 
Tower, R-Tex. 

The statewide dinner, organized by the Tower Senate Club ’78, will be the kickoff for the campaign organiza­ tion’s activities. 

Other speakers will include Repub­ lican Senators Harrison Schmitt of 
New Mexicon Orrin Hatch of Utah, and 
Malcolm Wallop of Wyoming. 
More than 2,ooo persons are expected for the affair at the Houston Civic 
Center. 

'Entebbe’ banned 

BANGKOK (A P) — The American- made movie, “ Raid on Entebbe,” which dramatizes the Israeli rescue of air hijack hostages from the Uganda airport has been banned in Thailand so as not to endanger relations with Arab countries. 

 sent to the governor a bill abolishing the requirement for voters to sign the stubs on paper ballots in elections. 
HB893 by Rep. Ernestine Glossbren- ner of Alice passed the Senate 23-7. 
Senate sponsor of the bill, Sen. Raul 
Longoria of Edinburg, said the prac­ tice of signing paper ballots was insti­ tuted in 1949 as a safeguard against election fraud. 
However, Longoria said, the situa­ tion has been turned around and is now being used to find how persons have voted and to intimidate them. 
TEACHER PAY 
The House gave its final approval 
Wednesday to a bill giving public school teachers statewide a pay raise that will cost $37o million from general revenue funds. 
The bill was $1oo million higher when passed due to amendments tacked on during floor debate. 
This promoted Rep. Tom Massey of 
San Angelo to vote against final pas­ sage of the bill which bore his name. 
HB1597 was adopted 143-1 with the sole dissenting vote being Massey’s. 
The House bill provides some teacher pay raises as high as 13.5 per cent, while others get less than six per cent. 
HB1597 provides state-subsidized minimum salary for a beginning teacher with a bachelor’s degree at 
$9,o24 — up from $8,ooo — starting this fall, taking another jump to $9,385 in 
Sept. 1978. 
House amendments added three new steps for teachers who have stayed locked in under the present system of a 
1o-step scale. 
Under the bill, a teacher with 21 years experience would jump from a minimum of $11,78o annually now, to 
$14,382 starting this fall. 
Administrators and non-teaching employes received smaller raises than classroom teachers under the bill. 
A Senate subcommittee, meanwhile, has taken an entirely different ap­ proach to teacher salaries and the differences will probably have to be ironed out in a conference committee. 

RETIREMENT 
Two bills to enhance retirement benefits for past and present teachers were also approved by overwhelming votes in the House on Wednesday. 
HB979 by Rep. Jim Nugent of Kerr­ ville would increase benefits for teachers who retired by Aug. 31, 1978 
The plan, costing $1o4 million, is aimed primarily at teachers who re­ tired when salaries, and thus retire­ 

 ment benefits, were much lower than now. 
The highest increase of $4o a month would go to teachers who retired in 
1941 with 34 years experience. The lowest increase, $7.5o, would go to a teacher who retired last year with IO years experience. 
Nugent’s bill won passage on a 142-o vote. 
The second retirement bill, HB612 by 
Rep. Dewitt Hale of Corpus Christi, would increase future retirement benefits by 14 per cent for teachers who retire after May 31 of this year. 
It would cost $1o9 million over the biennium. 
The bill raises state contribution to the teacher retirement fund from six to 
7.5 per cent. 
Individual teacher contribution would increase from 6 to 6.5 per cent. 
Hale’s bill was passed on a vote of 
141-1. 
REORGANIZATION 
HB1977, known as the Administra­ tive Reorganization Act, was passed 
1o4-33 by the House and sent to the 
Senate last week. 
If the bill is passed by the Senate and signed into law, most of the state’s estimated 24o agencies will be placed under one of 16 cabinet-type agencies headed by a secretary. 
These secretaries would be appoint­ ed by, and report directly to, the governor, who would also have the power to replace them. 
UTILITY FUNDS 
The University of Texas at San An­ tonio and the UT Health Science Center will receive $2.2 million in emergency utility funds under a bill sent to Gov. 
Dolph Briscoe Thursday. 
SB336 was approved in the House 
125-1o and now is expected to be signed into law by the governor who had designated the bill an emergency measure. 
Sponsored by Sen. Carl Parker of 
Port Arthur, SB336 provides $15.8 million for 27 state institutions of higher education to meet their utility bills through the end of the fiscal year, 
August 31. 
The funds will pay the difference between what was appropriated by the last legislature and actual costs of utilities which have escalated rapidly during the past two years. 
New’ and higher funding is provided by the current appropriations bill which will be available Sept. I. 
The Health Science Center received 
$1,352,141, while UTSA is earmarked for $88o,878. 

How th ey voted 

Texas House 

RON BIRD 

AL BROWN JR. 

DON CARTWRIGHT 

MATT GARCIA 

JOE HERNANDEZ 

FRANK MADLA 

JIM NOWLIN 

DON RAINS 

ABE RIBAK 

LOU NELLE SUTTON 

FRANK TEJEDA 

BOB VALE 

Texas Senate 

GLENN KOTHMANN 

FRANK LOMBARDINO 

JOHN TRAEGER 
Y 
Y 

Y 
N 

N 

N 

N 

Y = Y e s v 
N = No 
A ss Absent 
o = Abstain 
Week ending 
May I i , 1 9 7 7 

Energy plan 

 under study 

AUSTIN (AP) - Gov. 
Dolph Briscoe is to open a conference Thursday on President Carter’s energy program under sponsorship of the East 
Texas Chamber of Com­ merce. 

Other speakers during the conference include U. 
S. Sen. John Tower, R- 
Tex., and Texas Railroad 
Commissioner 
Jim 
Langdon. 

• Keep Rooms Cooler 

• Sove Air Conditioning 

• Stop Sun Fode 

• Make Glass Safer 

Enjoy the view outside, while let 

 ting in light without heat-glare & 

 fading from the sun! 

M ® 
SOLAR-X 
OF SAN ANTONIO 
4o1 ISOM RD. SUITE 21o 
349-6469 

VanityFair 

Re-stockmg time for the panties with the impeccable fit 
All in a tender, long-wearing blend of Dacron * polyester and 
Antron ' III nylon in fresh, basic white Something for everybody at savings 
Pechglo • bikini, sleek tailored mini with Vantee gusset 
Sizes 5 to 7. Regular $2 3/5.25 
Pechglo brief, trim panty with tatting edge and Vantee gusset. Sizes 5 to 7. Regular 2.25 3/S6 
Size 8. Regular 2.5o 3/6.5o 
Pechglo * trunk, center seamed with slightly flared comfort leg Sizes 6 and 7 Regular $3 3/7.5o 
Sizes 8 and 9 Regular 3.25 3/8.25 
Pechglo * tite, smooth, close fit with medium leg 
Sizes 6 and 7. Regular $3 3/7.5o 
Sizes 8 and 9 Regular 3.25 3/8.25 
Lingerie 

Address order to Rhodes 
98o9 N Metro Parkway W Phoenix. Arizona 85o21 
Please send these Pechglo panties 

Item 
Size 
Color 
2nd Color 
Price 

N a m e 

Address 

City 
State 
Zp 

Phone 

C h e e t 
M on ey O 'd e r 
Rhodes Charge Card 
BankAmt r card 
Master Charge 
American Express 
Account Number 
I would like to open an Account 

Please add 5 slate sales tai Si handling charge on all orders under SIO. plus postage and insurance outside delivery area 
5 /15 

North Star & Wonderland Shop Mon.-Sat. 1o to 9; Rhodes Charge, BankAmericard, Master Charge, American Express. Anl/Vmfac Company 

\ 

I 

San Antonio EXPRE5S-NEWS— Sunday May 15 1977 
Page, I I -C 

Parker out to make 
S. A. show biz hub 

Inflation now No. I worry 

NEW YORK TIMES SERVICE 
NEW VORK — In the last year, inflation has passed unemployment as the dominant economic concern of 
Americans, according to the latest 
New York Times-CBS News poll, even among some social and economic groups that have traditionally har­ bored the greatest fear of unemploy­ ment. 
But when asked which method they would prefer to stimulate the economy, 
Americans, by a 2-to-l margin, chose government programs to create jobs rather than attempts to cut taxes. 
The New York Times and CBS News 
Polls have regularly asked adults whether they thought unemployment or inflation “ is the more important problem facing the country today.” 
In the most recent survey, conducted in late April, the respondents picked inflation by a margin of 5o per cent to 
34 per cent. The rest of the participants declined to choose between the two. 
Change 
When the question was asked last 
September, opinion was split nearly evenly, with 47 per cent choosing in­ flation and 43 per cent choosing un­ employment. 
In April of last year, when the ques- 

O I * S ew n 
P A I w' m ^ w MJI o u t 
Y ork Thin** 

 tion was posed in a slightly different form, the respondents chose un­ employment by a 5 to 3 margin over inflation as the problem that was 
“ more important to the country.” 
The growth of concern about infla­ tion is particularly dramatic among groups that in the recent past have been more concerned with unemploy­ ment. 
For example, persons from families with incomes of less than $8,ooo a year picked unemployment over inflation by 
53 per cent to 34 per cent in the Sep­ tember survey. In April, they split, with 4o per cent choosing inflation and 
39 per cent naming unemployment. 
Blacks, who continued to produce a heavy margin citing unemployment as the more serious problem, nonetheless shifted sharply: the September mar­ gin, about 3-to-l for unemployment, shrank to about 2-to-l in April. 

Persons interviewed in the economi­ cally depressed Northeast chose un­ employment over inflation in the latest survey, but by a reduced and barely significant margin, 43 to 4o per cent. 

Democrats, Carter voters, liberals, those with grade school educations and persons younger than 3o and older than 
65 chose unemployment over inflation in September, but in April chose in­ flation by margins ranging from five to eleven points. 

Groups that were more concerned about inflation in September showed even greater margins of concern in the latest survey. 
On the question of measures to shore up the economy. Democrats, liberals, the less-well-to-do and blacks were more heavily in favor of direct job creation than were Republicans, con­ servatives, the better-off and whites. 
But even the latter groups preferred this course to lowering taxes, as a way 
* of stimulating the economy. 
LAW opens convention 

LOS ANGELES (AP) - The United 
Auto Workers union, opening its 25th national convention Sunday, hopes for a display of unity as it elects a new president. But debates over reaffilia­ tion with the AFL-CIO and President 
Carter's energy program could prove divisive. 
On Wednesday, UAW delegates will gather in the Los Angeles Convention 
Center to elect only their third post- 
World War II president. Leonard 
Woodcock is retiring as head of the 
1.4-million member UAW, largest in­ 

 dustrial union in the nation. 
The only announced candidate for the post is Vice President Douglas 
Fraser, a 6o-yearold Scottish immi­ grant. He comes from the same social activist tradition as Woodcock, UAW president for the past seven years, and the legendary Walter Reuther, who headed the union from 1946 until his death in a plane crash in 197o. 
Fraser, currently head of the union’s 
Chrysler, skilled trades and political action departments, is popular with 
UAW rank-and-file members. 

Famous Mikasa Stonemanor dinnerware on sale 
49.39 
2o-piece sets include; 4 each dinner plates, cups, saucers, salad plates and soup bowls. Reg. $7o 

5-piece completer sets: one each round vegetable, chop plate, sugar bowl with cover and creamer. Reg. 49.5o 
39.99 

7-piece hostess sets: gravy boat and tray, salt and pepper, a a O O butter dish and cover, round vegetable. Reg. $55 
O S/ ■ S/S/ 

Serve your family and friends with the dinnerware and accessories with western casualness. Functional in the oven, colorful on your table, safe in your dishwasher. Four flowery patterns: Floribunda, Melissa, Tempting and Garden Bouquet. 
China. Use your Rhodes Charge Card, Master Charge, 
BankAmericard or American Express. 

ELIZABETH Luce M oo re, first w om an to speak a t a Trinity com m encem ent, addresses 1 9 7 7 graduates 
Trinity speaker urges students to get involved 

Surrendering our own respon- siblities to the government is a danger signal for the future, the main speaker at Trinity Univer­ sity’s commencement said Sa­ turday night. 
Elizabeth Luce Moore, chairman of the board of trustees of the State Uni­ versity of New York and the first wo­ man to speak at a Trinity commence­ ment said: 
“ I keep wondering if we aren't a little disturbed now that the govern­ ment is involved in practically all of our affairs in life,” she said. 
“ We should have the courage and initiative to do it all ourselves . . . we surrender our own responsibility to the government — this is a danger signal for the future,” she added. 
Solutions 
Mrs. Moore, sister of the late Henry 
Luce, founder of Time, Inc., then asked Trinity’s 576 candidates and her audience, “ How else are our problems, such as unemployment and the energy crisis, to be solved?” 
“ By the city or state or the federal government? Perhaps, but we have to keep watching — sometimes by going to other countries and discovering the efficiency of freedom and the ineffie- ciency of too much governmental con­ trol,” Mrs. Moore noted. 
Mrs. Moore then talked enthusiasti­ cally about her visits to Peking, em­ phasizing that country’s egalitarian­ ism. 

 is no suffering, no population explosion and the women are equal to men,” she said of her observations of China. 
“ But, along with these miracles there is a loud speaker system throughout factories, stores and homes 
... there is only one voice speaking to those 8oo-million people,” she said 
“ This loud speaker has a powerful effect on those people. Three times a day the news is broadcast, followed by 

'll e slum Id h a w the cour­ age and initiative to do it all ourselves...' 

 an editorial comment telling the peo­ ple bow to think.” 
“ What could be wrong with this sys­ tem 
— a system of social egalitarianism? One voice.” 
“ We in the United States have a passion for freedom — and we have a voice and only in freedom can you know what the truth is,” she said. 
Mrs. Moore stated that her respon­ sibility as an educator is to “ encourage the right minds to find new facets of truth.” 
“ These new facets of truth will con­ tribute to whole truths and to the fu­ ture of civilization ... put these truths to work in your community and your country and you will be known as a responsible person,” Mrs. Moore ad­ vised., 
Mrs. Moore is married to Maurice T. 
Moore who served as a Trinity trustee , from 1944 to 1967. They both hold hon­ orary degrees from Trinity. 

By WILEY ALEXANDER 
Jack Parker has a dream which gives him little time to sleep. 

Ile envisions San Antonio as the en­ tertainment hub of the Southwest and is dedicating time and money to make the dream come true. 
Parker is general manager of the 
Woodlake Country Club president of 
J-J Productions, Inc., and a manager of Air Force clubs for 2o years prior to retirement in 1972. 
Big names 
“ What I mean by being the enter­ tainment hub of the Southwest;’Parker said, “ is to have big-name stars per­ form in a dinner-club atmosphere with the proper staging and proper seating to bring the audience close to the per­ former.” 
Parker’s first experiment was in bringing Anne Murray and Kenny 
Rogers to the Turtle Creek ballroom. 
“ There is no room in San Antonio with the entertainment potential of the 
Turtle Creek ballroom,” Parker said. 
“ Frank Wilson is the general manager of Turtle Creek,” Parker continued, “ and his cooperation in helping me bring top talent to San An­ tonio is superb. 
Right place 
“ We drew over 4,ooo people to the 
Murray-Rogers doubleheader,” . 
Parker continued, “ and we are con­ vinced San Antonio is the right place for top entertainment. 
“ We drew people from Austin, 
Houston, Corpus, Kerrville and lots of towns in between,” he said. 
Parker went on to back up his state­ ment by saying advance ticket sales to the Barbara Eden and 5th Dimension show, which starts Wednesday night, are running ahead of the Murray- 
Rogers sales. 

'We drew over 4 ,o o o p e o p le lo the Murray- 
R ogers d o u b le h e a d e r find we are convinced 
San Antonio is the right place f o r top entertain­ ment, * Parker said. 

“ The major difference is that we are , getting several group reservations,” 
Parker said. 
Group rate 

“ We are experimenting with a group rate for the show,” he continued. “ We are providing a meal, including tax and tip, plus the Barbara Eden-5th 
Dimension show for $15 each for groups IO or over. 
“ We will continue experimenting until we hit the right combination as to what is best for San Antonio. We have made sure the seating in the ballroom makes every seat a good one.” 
Parker’s first major booking was in 
1954 when he brought Louie Armstrong to an Air Force club. 
Armstrong had a girl singer who didn’t even rate getting her name on the marquee. She does now. Her name is Ella Fitzgerald. 
Now, Parker is trying to bring such names as Fats Domino, Bobby Golds­ boro and Johnny Mathis to town. 
He already has booked Mac Davis for 
September. 
Just think - - Anne Murray, Kenny 
Rogers, Barbara Eden, the 5th Di­ mension and now Mac Davis. 
Parker’s dream has become a reali­ ty. 
Gunshot death probed 

FLORIBUNDA 
TEMPTING 
GARDEN BOUQUET 

North Star & Wonderland Shop Mon.-Sat. 1o to 9; Rhodes Charge, BankAmericard, Master Charge, American Express. AnfAm fac Company 

San Antonio police Saturday probed the gunshot death of a young man found dumped near a baseball dia­ mond. 
Officers said the man, possibly in his early twenties and clad in jeans and a blue-yellow pullover shirt, had not been identified. 
Police were summoned about 8:15 a.m. after a man walking his dog found 

 the body, lying in a brush area near a baseball diamond in Martin Luther 
King Park. 
It appeared the man was dumped after being shot in the forehead above the left eye, officers said. 
No physical evidence was found and police said the body apparently had been dumped about four hours before being found. 

MELISSA 

Page 
I 2-C H * S a n Antonio E X P R E S S -N E W S — 
Sund ay M a y I 5 I 9 7 7 \ 

♦GUARANTEED LOWEST PRICES 

♦♦INSTANT 
CREDIT 
‘ GUARANTEED 
LOWEST PRICES 

We guarantee lower prices on new furniture than any other retail furniture store anywhere 

 regardless of any kind of sale they may run. lf you can beat the prices on any furniture you buy from u s at any retail furniture store other than 
United Discount furniture we will refund to you 
12o% of the difference. 
1. Price confirmation is required. 
2. Must be within 3o days of purchase — Your 

 receipt is proof of purchase. 
3. Must be alike and of same brand and/or 

 model numbers. 

♦GUARANTEED LOWEST PRICES 
ANNIVERSARY DISCOUNT 

• I k I * I * 

* ‘ INSTANT 

CREDIT 

FREE 

HANDMADE METAL 
SCULPTURE TRIPLE 
FIGURINE 

— OR - 

ELECTRONIC 
CALCULATOR WITH 
MEMORY! 

YOUR CHOICE Of EITHER WITH THE PURCHASE Of 
ANY LIVING DINING OR BEDROOM SUITE 

BASSETT BEDROOM 

COMPLETE WITH BEDDING 

S 
/ m 
\ 
: r n 

BERNHARDT FRENCH 

DINING ROOM 

IN C LU D ES LIGHTED CHINA, O V A L TABLE WITH 

REVERSE D IA M O N D INLAY TOP, 3 SIDE AND I 

ARM CHAIR. 

Complete suite in d u e s triple dresser, fram ed mirror, night stand, and 

 headboard and full size quilted mattress, 
£ a l 

 foundation and steel hollyw ood frame. m m 

C H E S T W IT H S U IU S llO 
W 
M 
* 
De SOTO 
Rustic All Oak 
Dining Room 

♦GUARANTEED 
LOWEST PRICE 

A N YW H ERE 

*399 
’Can do’ spirit helped de la Garza 

By VERONICA SALAZAR 
Regardless of how tough the task would be or how difficult things looked, Robert de la 
Garza never said no. “ All you have to say is — ‘Yes, I can do it. 

When his job as a se cu rity guard from midnight-to-7 a m. was termin­ ated because of a cutback in personnel a friend approached him to apply for a position in a bank. 
De la Garza had neither experience in the business nor any knowledge in banking. He didn’t even know how to type. The position required this but since he never said “ no" he took the job and began a successful career in the banking business *23 years ago. 
His first job 
He learned to type in one week using two fingers. His first job, at a salary of 
$5o a week, was filing checks. Within three months he was moved to the statement window, later to teller and from there he went to the note depart­ ment, to assistant cashier, to cashier. 
Once he learned the business he set a goal: to be president of a bank. 
Today, De la Garza is president of a bank—The Border Bank in Hidalgo. 
He is the first Mexiean-American president of a non-minority bank in the 
Rio Grande Valley and one of the few 
Mexican-Ameriean bank presidents in 
Texas. 
In 1967 a group of businessmen ob­ tained a charter for a bank in Hidalgo. 
Bela Garza, who was handling big commercial loans and was in charge of collateral and securities for McAllen 
State Bank, was asked to join the new bank’s management team. 
He did, and in 1974 he beeamse pre­ sident. 
When he came to The Border Bank it had a’ staff of five. But it wasn’t long before it expanded, and now has 16 employes. 
Born in Mercedes on Oct. 25, 193o to 
Dario and Eliza V. de la Garza, he is no stranger to public life. His only brother is Congressman Eligio “ Kika” de la 
Garza. 
When in high school Robert de la 
Garza was the top half-mile track run­ ner in the Rio Grande Valley. He also made the first all-district team in football in 1948. 
He was a two-year letterman in foot­ ball in Edinburg Junior College (now 
Pan American University). 
He learned to work at an early age. 
His father worked for the city but the 
$25 a week he brought home was not enough to support the family. At the age of IO Robert went to work picking cotton and tomatoes in the surrounding area. For extra spending money he shined shoes, swept floors and deli­ vered newspapers. 
“ I remember always buying a new 

Features massive colonial trestle or pedestal fable, 4 side chairs, 2 arm chairs (extra massive, weigh 5o-lb. each) and huge hutch china for elegant storage all in old world * GUARANTEED rustic oak finish 
LOW EST PRICES 

Dedication 
Rewarded 

Veronica Sa la z a r 

I 

 pair of shoes in September when school started and another pair for Easter, but the second pair was saved for very special occasions. During the summer 
I either went barefooted or wore tennis shoes," he recalls. 
The graduate of Mission High School enrolled at Edinburg Junior College hut dropped out after a year to join the 
Navy. Due to a knee injury he was in the Navy only briefly. He returned home in 1951, got married, and started working in a supermarket in the pro­ duce department, making $35 a week. 
After a series of other jobs he wound up working as a security guard at 
Moorefield, a training school for pilots in the 195os. 
He took the job, working all night and babysitting all day, while his wife worked in a local hospital. After a year the opportunity came to go to McAllen 
State Bank. 
He says the key to success is a four-letter word: work. He also attri­ butes his success to being at the right place at the right time. 
De la Garza has no regrets. He says he would do it all over again because he has had a happy life and has had the opportunity to meet many fine people. 
He emphasizes the importance of ob­ taining an education. “ Some people have it better now than some of us did many years ago. There is no reason why nobody can get an education. 
There is a lot of financial support,” he says. 
He has served on the national board of directors of the National Economic 
Development Assn.; on the board of 
Council for South Texas Economic 
Progress; on the council of La Lomita 
Development, which helps mentally retarded teenagers; as treasurer and now vice president of Rio Grande Val­ ley Bankers Assn., and is a member of the steering committee of Pan Ameri­ can University’s 5oth Anniversary 
Committee. 
De la Garza was the first recipient of the Hidalgo Chamber of Commerce 
“ Man of the Year” Award in 1976. 
In 1968, Mr. and Mrs. De la Garza were guests of President Johnson at a state dinner in the White House for being good supporters and good 
Democrats. They were the only Mexi- can-American couple in the group of some 12o people. 
He is married to the former Gilda 
Barron and they have three children, 
Eddie, 25; Ruby, 22; Rene, 15. 

4-PIECE VINYL SUITE 

Includes chair, sofa, loveseat and ottoman 

Carefree vinyl in gold or chestnut . . . all in brass nailhead trim. 
*399 

HERCULON SOFA 

Chair & Ottoman 

All 3 Pieces 

♦ G u aran teed 

Low est Price*269 
ANY AMOUNT 
■ 
' *?- 
■;•■■■■ V..- 
* ■ ‘ r . ’CC , .*• v * t' - 
.V* 
HOME OF THE YEAH RO U N D DISCOUNT 
C O M P A R E Q UALITY . . . . . . C O M P A R E PRICE 
A N YTIM E.; . ... : 
M 
. . ./AN YPLACE 

Senator cancels 
S.A. engagements 

U.S. Sen. John Tower has been forced to cancel his speaking engage­ ments in San Antonio Monday because of pressing legislative business, 
Tower’s Washington office said Satur­ day. 
Tower had been scheduled to speak at Armed Services Week ceremonies at ll a.m. at Alamo Plaza and again at a luncheon sponsored by the Greater San 
Antonio Chamber of Commerce. 

The senator had also been scheduled 

 to dedicate the Air Force’s new llama.. 
Resources Laboratory at Brooks AFB. 
Tower also had been the planned speaker at the 81st annual Credit Con­ gress of the National Assn. of Credit 
Management. A story on the credit congress appears on page 2-G of the 
Sunday Express-News. 
The Washington spokesman said a bill sponsored by Tower was re­ scheduled for debate in the Senate 
Monday, thus forcing the cancella­ tions. 
Boggess cited by Foundation 

BASSETT BEDROOM 
Com plete with triple dresser with triple angel tilt mirror, night stand and any size headboard 
*44o 

 f.* ; 
. I 

LA FRANCE VELVET 
SOFA and 
LOVESEAT 

/ o f t 

! 

BAR STOOLS 

Available in 

Sp a nish or 

Early Am erican 

Style. 
Vinyl 

 padded swivel 

 seats. 

BASSETT 
M IRROR 

SIM ILAR T O S H O W N 
Decorator mirrors that adds to your home. 
$ 1 £ 95 

 occassional | BUNK BEDS 
TABLES 

Beautiful 
4-cushion sofa with loveseat, quilted, soft edge and covered deck. Fine construction. Top quality. At an unbelievable price. 
$695 

PRICE 

.•With purchase of living 
/roam suite, dining room suite, or bedroom suite p l — at the time. of purch- k*ds.e onl'yf ' v *W v 
. 
I 

Charles Boggess, Harlandale School 
District superintendent, has received the Freedoms Foundation’s Educators 
Medal Award for 1977. 
Boggess was selected for outstand­ ing accomplishments in helping to achieve a better understanding of the 
American way of life. 

The Freedoms Foundation of Valley 

Forge is an educational research center which seeks to teach a better understanding of the constitutional form of government. 
The American Educators Medal 
Award was presented to six superin­ tendents in the United States. 
Boggess received the honor and was recognized by U.S. Sen. John Tower at an awards banquet. 

EUROPEAN 
RENAISSANCE 
BEDROOM 

Beautiful pecan finish. Com­ plete suite includes large tri­ ple door dresser, large lighted door chest, brass grill work, 
7-foot tall armoire chest, night stand and any size headboard 1345 

EUROPEAN RENAISSANCE 
BEDROOM SUITE 

♦ GUARANTEED 
LOWEST PRICES 

IMARQUIS 
BEDROOM 

Add charm to any room. 3 W oot Boards; 2 Sets of Rails; 
I styles to choose from 
V 
Ladder Guard Rail 
$1295l $49 

COUNTRY FRENCH BEDROOM 

9 GUARANTEDD 
LOWEST PRICES 

Remember: 

♦GUARANTEED 

LOWEST* : 

BRAND NEW 

■J *j i ’. r 1 j 
•1*1'J'J I c l 

6 piece suite includes tri 

[pie d re sse r. 2 g o ld leaf 

[m irro rs , e le g a n t t u ft e d 

 v e lv e t h e a d b o a rd , n ite - 

 stand. and chest 
C h a m 

[ pagne Btscue finish. Bur­ 

 n is h e d Gold highlights. 

Beoutiful Pi ult wood in timeless Country 
French styling includes triple door dresser with twin mirrors, large door chest, night stand, and any site headboard. 

SPANISH BEDROOM 
SUITE 

Elegant Spanish design includes triple dresser, twin mirrors, armoire chest and any size headboard. 
^ 

NITE STAND WITH SUITE $49 

 ii*] 
$799 

FIRM 5 VV FOAM MATTRESS! 
AND FOUNDATION SETS 

OUR DISCOUNT M KC K R S n 
TWM ........................ *59 per M f 
FULL......................... *79 p . , . . , 
OUCHI.......................*1o9 
KINO.........................*149 

 per set 

 per set 

ALL MERCHANDISE SUBJECT- TO PRIOR SALE. ALL SOLD ON A IST COME IST SERVE BASIS. WE RESERVE THE 
RIGHT TO LIMIT QUANTITIES ON ALL MERCHANDISE. SOME MERCHANDISE MAY NOT BE EXACTLY AS 
SHOWN. NOT RESPONSIBLE FOR TYPOGRAPHICAL ERRORS THAT MAY APPEAR IN THIS AD. DELIVERY CAN BE 
ARRANGED. 
UNITED DISCOUNT FURNITURE 

 oire chest and 
499 

2 HUGE 
WAREHOUSES 
LOW OVERHEAD 
SAVES YOU 
MONEY 

‘GUARANTEED LOWEST DISCOUNT PRICES ON NEW FURNITURE 

; • 
• 
I A A I A M A D 
4 BLOCKS EAST OF BROADWAY 
'/ r f I 
I U 4 L A l V l A K - o n 9th street just past rn 37 
#2 1o41o PERRIN-BEITEL 

OPEN 
T U E S. I O 'T IL 9 
TO THE 
T H U R S . I O ’T IL 9 
PUBLIC 
S A T . I O ’T IL 2 

CLOSED TO THI PUBLIC AU OTHER 
DATS EXCEPT FOB SPECIAL OPENINGS 
WHEN ADVERTISED 
UNITED FREIGHT SALES • 
A N D D A M A G E D FR EIG H T B A R G A IN S 

 win Creek prospers bs families move in 

How did Twin Creek become a community so established in 
>ueh a short time? 
U. S. Home4 Corp. has a good answer 
[to that question: “Twin Creek has been 
[a ‘total community’ from its very be­ ginning.” 
38o-plus households 
The northwestern Bexar County community, strategically located off 
Grissom Road between Bandera and 
Culebra Roads north of N.W. Loop 41o, opened as a “total community” for its first home buyers, who enjoyed the area’s amenities right after they moved there. 
Since then, Twin Creek has become the address for some 38o families, and each has enjoyed the “total” concept. 
Amenities for Twin Creek include a clubhouse with fully equipped kitchen; swimming pool; wading pool; tennis courts well lighted at nights, fenced and green-surfaced; and a complete playground for the neighborhood’s youngsters. 
Another factor for Twin Creek's ra­ pid growth and immediate popularity is the area’s model home park. Fully furnished, professionally decorated models have been on display here since 
Twin Creek opened. Even this weekend 

 six such models are shown from 9 a.m. to 9 p.m. 
Certainly not to be overlooked when listing reasons for Twin Creek’s suc­ cess is U. S. Home Corp.’s greatly eased terms for home purchases. The best financing available today is of­ fered here, and arrangements include 
VA loans with only $1 as a total move-in cost and an annual interest rate of 8 per cent. Conventional fin­ ancing terms are advantageous, too. 
This becomes even more convenient when it is applied to Twin Creek’s af­ fordable price range starting as low as 
$32,95o. 
That price range presents great bargains in home purchases, as Twin 
Creek’s six models clearly reveal. 
Luxury appointments of the homes include a choice of shag or sculptured nylon carpeting in all bedrooms and formal living and dining areas. Two full ceramic tile baths have marble dressing vanities w'ith mirrored walls, cabinets, vinyl flooring and choice of wallcoverings. 
The three- and four-bedroom homes, of course, have two baths and two-car garages. All for sale this weekend also have IOO per cent masonry exteriors as just one energy-saving feature 
Other U. S. Home features that help 

 save energy include full insulation in walls, 6Lj inches of insulation in ceilings, over-engineered air condi­ tioning and heat systems which re­ quire minimal usage and doors and windows which shut tightly to make sure the outdoors is locked out. 
Other fine features of Twin Creek homes are handcrafted fireplaces, pa­ tios, room-finished garages with over­ head doors, accent paneling and sculptured front doors. 
Homemakers are overjoyed with color-coordinated kitchens boasting all-electric Magic Chef ranges and continuous-clean ovens, dishwashers designed for double loads and ample cabinet space. 
Located in the preferred Northside 
School District, Twin Creek is also close to UTSA, IISAA, South Texas 
Medical Center, Southwest Research 
Institute and Kelly and Lackland 
AFBs. No city taxes apply to home payments made by Twin Creek resi­ dents. 
Twin Creek is reached most easily by driving north of N.W. Loop 41o on 
Bandera Road and turning west onto 
Grissom Road (E M 471), following signs which lead to the marked en­ tranceway. More signs lead to the community’s model home park. 

GREAT A M E R IC A h om es in n ovate new d e sign s in S.A .'s finest com m unities 
Homes excite viewers 
Built bv G re a t Am erica 

! 

CL na 

T W IN CREEK com m un ity’s m o d e ls attract visitors w ho becom e buyers 

Quality-built elegance and distinctive styling are primary goals at Great America, where home builders believe the dif­ ference quality makes can rea­ dily be seen in floor plan designs, elevations, construc­ tion and finishing details. 
Enter a Great America home to the breathtaking panoramic view of a spacious, unconfined living area w here multi-levels may distinguish rooms and generous glass panels or atriums bring home and environment together as one. 
Indoor balconies 
Balconies are found both indoors and outdoors; the first overlooks spacious living areas and the second offers views of landscaped gardens and dis­ tant Hill Country or skyline. 
Great America’s woodburning fire­ places are all masonry, with highly creative and decorative brick treat­ ment which may extend to a soaring vaulted ceiling. 
Built-in bookcases may flank the hearth or extend across an adjoining wall. Distinctive floor plans include some formal dining areas or breakfast nooks with built-in buffets, cabinetry and glass-doored upper cabinets for display. Telephone desks, with writing area, drawer storage and bookshelves can be found in many kitchen plans. 
Many bedrooms include built-in desk, bookshelf or drawer storage units. 
All cabinetry in Great Am erica homes is constructed of fine ash by experienced carpenters who custom build units for each room on the job and hand-finish all units to perfection. 
Everywhere you look, careful atten­ tion to design, styling, practicality and energy-efficiency adds to the quality- 

 built beauty of Great America homes. 
You will find Great America homes in San Antonio’s finest communities. 
In the northwest, new Great America homes are available in the countryside setting of Park Forest, off Lockhiil- 
Selma Road north of Wurzbach Road, where homes range from $59,ooo to 
$1oo,ooo Hidden Creek features homes from $63,ooo to $115,ooo and is located off Vance Jackson Road north of N.W. 
Loop 41o. 
Also in northwestern San Antonio. 
Forest Oaks Estates offers Great 
America homes from $45,ooo to $oo,ooo. 
Visit the community by driving north on Evers Road off N.W. Loop 41o 
Great America’s newest community, 
Elm Creek, is located off Lockhill-Sel- ma Road north of Wurzbach Road and features new homes from $8o,ooo 

In north central San Antonio, new 
Great America homes are available in 
Thousand Oaks, a quiet community off 
San Pedro Avenue north of N.W. Loop 
41o, with homes from $59,ooo to $75,ooo. 
Hidden Forest is nestled among the gently rolling hills of north central 
Bexat County on Bitters Road off 
Blanco Road, and new Great America homes are available from $56,ooo to 
$72,ooo. 
The Oaks in San Pedro Hills, with tree-covered lots overlooking down­ town San Antonio from its north cen­ tral area, features homes from $49,7oo to $6o,ooo Visit the community north of N.W. Loop 41o off San Pedro 
Avenue. 
Great America sales offices are open weekedays from I p.m. until dusk, weekends, from IO a.m. 

/^NeWX 
Expressions' it] 
Apartment r „ ss i^ns 

New M agazine from the 
Producers of 

The Golden Twins 

See Section X of 

EXPRESS NEWS 

J 
N EW HOM ES 
TO W N H O M ES 
APARTMENTS 

J 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday May 15 1977 
Page 
I -D 

CO M M U NITIES 
FOR ALL K IN D S 
OF LIFESTYLES 

LARGEST CLASSIFIED AND REAL ESTATE SECTION IN SOUTH TEXAS FOR MORE THAN IOO YEARS q J 

CLASSIFIED D ISPLA Y 
CLASSIFIED D ISPLA Y 
CLASSIFIED D IS P L A Y 
CLASSIFIED D ISPLAY 
CLASSIFIED D ISPLAY 
CLASSIFIED D IS PLA Y 
CLASSIFIED D IS PLA Y 
CLASSIFIED D IS PLA Y 
CLASSIFIED D IS PLA Y 

Save Energy The 
Smart Way I 
B rian r w ic k 

VV 

The future is today in Briarwick where new homes boast these ENERGY-SAVING FEATURES: 

• Masonry Exteriors • Extra Insulation in the Ceiling 

 and Walls • Interlocking Thresholds • Power Attic 

Ventilators 
• 
Air 
Infiltration Weather Stripping 

• Custom-Engineered Central Air and Heat PLU S 
MICROWAVE 
OVEN 

•This Royal Crest home includes a Litton Micro­ wave Oven. Conventional cooking and the con­ venience of microwave in one self-cleaning unit. 

'Based on V A purchase price of $38,2oo no down payment and 36o equal monthly payments 8% financing annually. 

Principal and interest 
Taxes 
(NO) City taxes 
Insurance 
M O N T H L Y P A Y M E N T 

$28o.38 
$52.62 
$oo.oo 
$19.oo 
$352.oo 

494*1926 

•NO C ITY TAXES 

•NORTH E A ST SCHOOLS 

O PE N D A IL Y U N T IL A F T E R D A R K royal crest homes 

3838 Briarcrest • San Antonio, T X 78247 

Unique. J 
Sqleuiood 

Unique is the only way to describe Tanglewood! 
Beyond its shaded entry, a community of exquisite homes awaits discriminating homebuyers. 

Tanglewood is not for everyone. The luxuries of plush carpeting throughout, fireplaces, beamed cathedral ceilings, privacy fences and the little extras that give each home a distinguished quality .,. these are some of the features that make 
Tanglewood unique! 

 krkfst 

 kit 

 infer br 2 

 jtr m d 

 l l V entry 

THE VISTA 
$42,6oo 

But see for yourself, furnished models are open daily until after dark. 

 util 

 br3 

 rn 

 gar 

New Homes 
$39,ooo to $55,ooo 

I 
• ^ TANGLEWOOD 

Ray «»*m 
Ellison Homes 
P.O. BOX 525o ‘ SAN ANTONIO, TX 782o1 ta 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday May 15 1977 
Burns Co builds in wide array 

C L A SSIM D OIS H A Y 
CLASSIFIED D IS PLA Y 
CLASSIFIED D IS PLA Y 
CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 

BURNS CO. m odels display array of built-in features 

The added expense of furnishing a new home has been d ram atically reduced with innovative built-in units in quality- built, en erg y -sa v in g homes by the Burns Co. 
Designed to utilize all available space to give you more living space for your money, the built-ins eliminate the necessity of many furniture pieces most first-time home­ owners lack. 
Answer 
A Burns Co. home in 
The Great Northwest, 
Midden Forest or Royal 
Ridge can be the dream-come-true answer for the family on a bud­ get who wants the ad­ vantages of home owner­ ship without the expen­ sive task of furnishing a com p lete home. With built-in units in the kit­ chen, den and some chil­ d ren ’s bedrooms, only the dining and m aster suite remain to be com­ pletely furnished. 
Kitchen activity may be centered around an updated version of the breakfast nook plan so popular during the 192os, with a corner area com ­ plete with built-in seating and coordinated table, all 

 under a shelved plant window. A home laundry center is tucked incon­ spicuously away behind pantry doors in one plan, and the stacked washer and dryer units are part of the total top-of-the-line 
General 
E lectric ap­ pliance package. 
Woodburning fireplaces, furniture-fin­ ished cabinetry and bookcase units are stan­ dard features in Burns 
Co. homes, with one de­ sign including a roll-out 
TV cabinet, completely antenna-wired, under the stair landing. 
Toy storage, drawer and cabinet space built into the walls and com ­ partment clo sets help keep ch ild ren ’s room s neat and organized with­ out a lot of additional furniture. Som e c h il­ dren’s bedrooms boast recessed bed alco v es, com plete with six-inch foam m a ttre sse s and storage drawers beneath the bed. 
Every Burns Co. home is built with the proven 
“ Power 
S a v er ” con ­ struction techniques to reduce the major cause of increased utility bills: air infiltration. 
Burns Co. seals homes 

 during several stages of construction to eliminate the unnecessary flow of air into or out of your home that creates in ­ creased heating and cooling requ irem en ts and increased utility ex­ pense. And while 9o per cent of the added e n ­ ergy-saving techniques are invisible in a com ­ pleted home, the differ­ ence they make will be clearly visible on your monthly utility bill. 

The Burns Co. invites all prospective home­ owners to see the ad­ vantages of ow ning a 
“ Pow er S a v er ” home this weekend. Burns Co. representatives will be happy to show interested persons the power-saving techniques in hom es under construction and the space-saving creative built-in units in their fin­ ished models. 
Located in The Great 
N orthwest and Hidden 

Forest, Burns Co. models are open daily except 
Wednesday from noon to 
6 p.m . To reach The 
Great Northwest, drive north of N.W. Loop 41o on 
Culebra Road to FM 471, turn left and follow the signs. Hidden Forest is located off Bitters Road north of N.W. Loop 41o on 
Blanco Road. For a per­ sonal preview of homes in Royal R idge, phone either sales office in the forementioned areas. 

THUNDERBIRD ESTATES hom es m odeled by H.P. Orts Co. 
Orts features model 

CLASSIFIED D IS PLA Y 
CLASSIFIED D IS PLA Y 

Garden 
Tfidge 

Q uality lla m a s in a C o untry 
C o m m u n ity 
I'rom 

* 55,ooo 
651-6237 

 la d s h a w - M ille r 
Development Co., Inc. 

M oderately priced homes built by the repu­ table H. P. Orts Co. are still offered in a presti­ gious, established north­ western San Antonio res­ idential area aptly re­ ferred to as the "last of the great lo ca tio n s” : 
Thunderbird Estates. 
Master craftsman Orts offers new homes here at prices today’s family can afford without making great sacrifices. The ve­ teran 
San 
Antonio builder does not believe that a fine home for the average family has to be a "pearl of great price.” 
Price range 

As well, these homes with three and four bed­ rooms are ready for im m ediate occupancy. 
They range in price from 

 as low as $33,65o upward to only $36,ooo. Interest rates of 8 per cent are offered on VA and FHA financing terms. Conven­ tional financing is also available. 
An excellent example of Thunderbird Estates hom es aw aits home hunters this weekend at 
6oo6 White Cloud. 
T ypifying 
O rts’ affordable hom es in many ways, this address features a paneled den, formal dining room, walk-in closets, finished two-car garage, Carrier central heat and air con­ ditioning, rear patio and 
Frigidaire appliances in the kitchen. 

Located well within 
Loop 41o, Thunderbird 
E sates is bordered by well known thorough- 

CLASSIFIED D IS PLA Y 
CLASSIFIED D IS PLA Y 
YOUR LANDLORD 
ISN'T GOIN!MID 
I.IHS THIS AID. 

I’m Buddy Burns. And frankly, 
I've never understood why snme people are willing to pay $3SO or more a month to live in an apartment. 
So I asked a few couplet. who rent apartments in San Antonio, and here's what they told me: "We don't have much furniture, and we can't afford a home right now." 
You Don’t Need Much furniture. 
I was so surprised bv the number of couples renting expensive apartments that [^decided to de­ sign and build a home lust tor them. I call it my Power Saver ll * Series. These homes offer all the energy-efftciency advan­ tages of my original Power 
Saver- homes, plus something extra 
. . built in furniture. I’ve included built-in breakfast nooks, built-in bookcases, built­ in guest beds and built-in seating storage. In some models, I ve even included built-in ovcr-and- under laundry closets w ith the washer and dryer included. 

But Can You Afford It? If you and your spouse have a com ­ bined income of $16,ooo, you eau afford a Burns Co. Power 
Saver IP home. A home that makes your apartment look dull bv comparison. A home with spacious living areas, plush deep-pi Ie carpet, furniture- finished paneling and cabinetry, and a woodburning fireplace A big, bright "wife saver" kitchen with General Electric appliances and plenty of cabinet storage. 
Luxurious baths with marble vanities, and full size tubs. And an elegant master suite with walk in closets and separate dressing area. 
Come See My Homes Today. 
Take a few minutes this after­ 

 noon to see my new Power 
Saver IP homes in The Great 
Northwest. We'll give you an informal tour and answer any questions you might have about becoming a hom eow ner instead of a renter. For additional infor­ mation, call the arca sales office 
(sec map), or your realtor. You might even snow this ad to your landlord. With all the money he's making off your rent check, he might want to invest in a 
Burns Co. Power Saver ll ’ home himself! f i i m s c l P ^ t f k 

11831 Radium, San Antonio, 
Tcxa-> ■’8216 

Built in break last nook, 
Pi ..cr Saver ll' Model Hume at 87o6 Timbcrwilde in 

 fares: Ingram, Callaghan and 
Bandera 
Roads. 
Each yields easy access to the Southw est R e­ search Institute, South 
Texas Medical Center, 
Roger Executive Center, 
Methodist and Veterans 
A dm inistration hospi­ tals, Kelly and Lackland 
AFB s, a m ultitude of shopping cen ters, ree- taurants and entertain­ ment spots and other major destination points. 
The neighborhood is within the preferred 
Northside 
School 
District, and all levels of education are nearby, some even within walk­ ing distances. 
The exclusive market­ ing agent for Orts’ new series in 
Thunderbird 
E states is Cornelius & 
Associates, Real Estate. 
The firm ’s owner, Walt 
Cornelius, invites other brokers to participate and cooperate in sales in this area. 

CLASSIFIED D IS PLA Y 

1977 CLASS SCHEDULE 
AMERICAN COLLEGE OF REAL ESTATE 

Course Course 
No. 
Name 
S A N A N T O N IO — DAYTIM E 
3o1 Practice of RE 
1o1 Basic Fundamentals 
2o1 Principles of RE 
3o1 Practice of RE 
1o1 Basic Fundamentals 
2o1 Principles of RE 
3o1 Practice of RE 
IQ I Basic Fundamentals 
2o1 Principles of RE 
3o1 Practive of RE 
5o1 Real Estate Law* 
•First Half 
1o1 Basic Fundamentals 
2o1 Principles of RE 
3o1 Practice of RE 
4o1 Prop. Mgmt. 
1o1 Basic Fundamentals 
2o1 Principles of RE 
3o1 Practice of RE 
6o1 RE Appraising 
1o1 Basic Fundamentals 
2o1 Principles of RE 
3o1 Practice of RE 
7o1 RE Investing 
1o1 Baste Fundamentals 
2o1 Prmcipes of RE 
3o1 Practice of RE 
5o2 Real Estate Law* 
•Second Half 
1o1 Basic Fundamentals 
2o1 Principles of RE 
3o1 Practice of RE 

SA N ANTONIO — WEEKEND 
3o1 Practice of RE 
1o1 Basic Fundamentals 
2o1 Principles of RE 
3o1 Practice of RE 
1o1 Basic Fundamentals 
2o1 Principles of RE 
3o1 PRACTICE OF RE 
1o1 Basic Fundamentals 
2o1 Principles of RE 
5o2 RE Law (2nd half) 
3o1 Practice of RE 
1o1 Basic Fundamentals 
2o1 Principles of RE 
4o1 Prop. Mgt. 
3o1 Practice of RE 
1o1 Basic Fundamentals 
2o1 Principles of RE 
3o1 Practice of RE 

SAN A N T O N IO — EVENING 
2o1 Principles of RE 
3o1 Principles of RE 
1o1 Basic Fundamentals 
2o1 Principles of RE 
3o1 Practice of RE 
1o1 Basic Fundamentals 
2o1 Principles of RE 
3o1 Practice of RE 

Beg. 
Ending 
Class 
Date 
Date 
Format 
(512) 736 2o75 
May 2 
May 6 
5 Day 
May 9 
May 13 
5 Day 
May 16 
May 2o 
5 Day 
May 23 
May 27 
5 Day 
May 3o 
June 3 
5 Day 
June 6 
June 1o 
5 Day 
June 13 
June 17 
5 Day 
June 2o 
June 24 
5 Day 
June 27 
July 1 
5 Day 
July 11 
July 15 
5 Day 

July 18 
July 22 
5 Day 
July 25 
July 29 
5 Day 
Aug. 1 
Aug. 5 
5 Day 
Aug. 8 
Aug. 12 
5 Day 
Aug. 15 
Aug. 19 
5 Day 
Aug. 22 
Aug. 26 
5 Day 
Aug. 29 
Sept . 2 
5 Day 
Sept. 12 Sept . 16 5 Day 
Sept. 19 Sept . 23 5 Day 
Sept. 26 Sept 
3o 5 Day 
Oct. 3 
Oct. 7 
5 Day 
Oct 1o 
Oct. 14 
5 Day 
Oct 17 
Oct. 21 
5 Day 
Oct. 24 
Oct. 28 
5 Day 
Oct. 31 
Nov. 4 
5 Day 
Nov. 7 
Nov. 11 
5 Day 

Nov. 14 
Nov. 18 
5 Day 
Nov. 28 
Dec. 2 
5 Day 
Dec. 5 
Dec. 9 
5 Day 
Dec. 12 
Dec. 16 
5 Day 

1o1 Basic Fundamentals 
2o1 Principles of RE 
3o1 Practice of RE 
1o1 Basic Fundamentals 
2o1 Principles of RE 
3o1 Practice of RE 

CORPUS CHRISTI-DAYTIME 
1o1 Basic Fundamentals 
2o1 Principles of RE 
3o1 Practice of RE 
1o1 Baste Fundamentals 
2o1 Principles of RE 
3o1 Practice of RE 
1o1 Basic Fundamentals 
2o1 Principles of RE 
3o1 Practice of RE 
4o1 Property Management 
1o1 Basic Fundamentals 
2o1 Principles of RE 
3o1 Practice of RE 
1o1 Basic Fundamentals 
2o1 Principles of RE 
3o1 Practice of RE 

April 3o May 8 
May 14 
May 22 
May 28 June 5 
Oct. 1 
Oct. 9 
Oct. 15 
Oct. 23 
Oct. 29 
Nov. 6 

(512) 853-o776 
July 11 
July 15 
July 18 
July 22 
July 25 
July 29 
Aug. 8 
Aug. 12 
Aug. 15 Aug. 19 
Aug. 22 Aug. 26 
Sept. 12 Sept. 16 
Sept. 19 Sept. 23 
Sept. 26 Sept. 3o 
Oct. 3 
Oct. 7 
Oct. 17 
Oct. 21 
Oct. 24 Oct. 28 
Oct. 31 Nov. 4 
Nov. 14 Nov. 18 
Nov. 28 Dec. 2 
Dec. 5 
Dec. 9 

Weekend 
Weekend 
Weekend 
Weekend 
Weekend 
Weekend 

3o1 Practice of RE 
1o1 Basic Fundamentals 
2o1 Principles of RE 
Oct. 31 
3o1 Practice of RE 
Nov. 7 
H O U ST O N — C O N R O E— W EEKEN D 

Sept. 26 Sept. JO 5 Day 
Oct. 24 Oct. 28 
5 Day 
Nov. 4 
5 Dyy 
Nov. 11 5 Day 

5 Day 
5 Day 
5 Day 
5 Day 
5 Day 
5 Day 
5 Day 
5 Day 
5 Day 
5 Day 
5 Day 
5 Day 
5 Day 
5 Day 
5 Day 
5 Day 

May 7 
July 9 
July 3o 

Weekend 
Weekend 
Weekend 

May 15 
July 17 
Aug. 7 
Aug. 18 Aug. 21 Weekend 
Sept. IO Sept. 18 Weekend 
Sept 24 Oct. 2 
Weekend 
Oct 8 
Oct. 16 Weekend 
Oct. 3o Weekend 
Nov. 13 Weekend 
Oct. 23 
Nov. 5 

July 9 
July 23 
Aug. 6 

July 17 
Weekend 
July 31 
Weekend 
Aug. 14 Weekend 
Aug. 1o Aug. 28 Weekend 

May 7 
May 21 
June 4 
June 18 
July 9 
July 23 
Aug. 6 
Aug. 2o 
Sept. 1o 
Sept. 17 
Sept. 24 
Oct. 8 
Oct. 22 
Oct 29 
Nov. 5 
Nov. 12 
Nov. 26 
Dec. IO 

May 15 
May 29 
June 12 
June 26 
July 17 
July 31 
Aug. 14 
Aug. 28 
Sept. 18 
Sept. 25 
Oct. 2 
Oct. 16 
Oct. 3o 
Nov. 6 
Nov. 13 
Nov. 2o 
Dec. 4 
Dec. 18 

Weekend 
Weekend 
Weekend 
Weekend 
Weekend 
Weekend 
Weekend 
Weekend 
Weekend 
Weekend 
Weekend 
Weekend 
Weekend 
Weekend 
Weekend 
Weekend 
Weekend 
Weekend 

CORPUS CHRISTI— WEEKEND 
2o1 
Principles of RE 
April 
3o May 8 Weekend 
5o1 RE Law (first half) 
May 
14 May 22 Weekend 
7o1 RE Investing 
May 
28 June 5 Weekend 
1o1 Basic Fundamentals 
June 
11 June 19 Weekend 
2o1 Principles of RE 
July 
9 July 
17 Weekend 
3o1 Practice of RE 
July 
23 July 
31 Weekend 
5o2 RE taw (2nd half) 
Aug. 
6 Aug. 14 Weekend 
1o1 Basic Fundamental 
Aug 
2o Aug. 28 Weekend 
2o1 
Principles of RE 
Sept 17 Sept 25 
Weekend 
1o1 
Practice of RE 
Oct. 
1 Oct 9 Weekend 
6o1 RE Appraising 
Oct. 
15 Oct. 23 Weekend 
1o1 Basic Fundamentals 
Oct. 29 Nov. 6 
Weekend 
2o1 
Principles of RE 
Nov. 
12 Nov. 2o Weekend 
3o1 
Practice of RE 
Nov. 
26 Dec. 4 Weekend 
7o2 RE Finance (1st half) 
Dec. IO Dec. 18 Weekend 

DEI RIO (512) 775-42o8, 775-3556 
1o1 
Basic Fundamentals 
July 
3o Aug. 7 Weekend 
2o1 Principles of RE 
Aug. 
2o Aug. 28 Weekend 
3o1 Practice of RE 
Sept. 
IO Sept 18 Weekend 
1o1 
Basic Fundamentals 
Oct. 
22 Oct. 3o Weekend 
2o1 
Principles of RE 
Nov. 
5 Nov. 13 Weekend 
3o1 
Practice of RE 
Nov. 
19 Dec. 4 Weekend 

3o1 Practice of RE 
4o1 Properly Management 
1o1 Basic Fundamentals 
2o1 Principles of RE 
3o1 Practice of RE 
7o1 RE Investing 
1o1 Basic Fundamentals 
2o1 Principles of RE 
3o1 Practice of RE 
KERRVILLE (512) 896 1255 
5o2 Real Estate Law (2nd) 
1o1 Basic Fundamentals 
2o1 Principles of RE 
3o1 Practice of RE 
LAREDO (512) 723-7421 EXT. 212 
1o1 Basic Fundamentals 
Aug. 6 
Aug. 14 Weekend 
2o1 Principles of RE 
Aug. 2o Aug. 28 Weekend 
3o1 Practice of RE 
Sept 17 Sept. 25 Weekend 
1o1 
Basic Fundamentals 
Oct. 15 
Oct. 23 Weekend 
2o1 Principles of RE 
Oct. 29 
Nov. 6 
Weekend 
3o1 Practice of RE 
Nov. 12 
Nov. 2o Weekend 
MIDLAND-ODESSA (915)697-4181 OR 694 6466 
3o1 Practice of RE 
May 7 
May 15 Weekenc 
1o1 Basic Fundamentals 
Aug. 2o Aug. 28 Weekenc 
2o1 
Principles of RE 
Sept. 1o Sept. 18 Weekenc 
3o1 
Practice of RE 
Oct. I 
Oct. 9 
Weekenc 
1o1 
Basic Fundamentals 
Oct. 29 
2o1 Principles of RE 
3o1 Practice of RE 
SWEETWATER (915) 235-8441 EXT. 4o 

Nov. 6 
Weekenc 
Nov. 19 Nov. 27 Weekenc 
Dec. 1o Dec. 18 Weekenc 

ST. M ARY'S UNIVERSITY 
May 2 
May 17 Night 
June 6 
June 21 Night 
July 11 
July 26 Night 
Aug. I 
Aug. 16 Night 
Sept 12 Sept. 27 Night 
Oct. 3 
Oct. 18 Night 
Nov. 7 
Nov. 22 Night 
Dec. 5 
Dec. 21 Night 

EDINBURG (512) 775-3556 
PAN AMERICAN UNIVERSITY 
3o1 Practice of RE 
7o1 RE Investing 
1o1 Basic Fundamentals 
1o1 Basic Fundamentals 
4o1 Property Management 
2o1 Principles of RE 
6o1 RE Appraising 
3o1 Practice of Rt 
7o2 RE Finance (1st Half) 
1o1 Basic Fundamentals 
7o3 RE Finance (2nd half) 
2o1 Principles of RE 
5o1 RE Lw (1st half) 
3o1 Practice of RE r.o2 RE Law (2nd half) 

1o1 Basic Fundamentals 
2o1 Principles of RE 
3o1 Practice of RE 
1o1 Basic Fundamentals 
2o1 Principles of RE 
3o1 Practice of RE 
TYLER (214) 597-o153 
2o1 Principles of RE 
3o1 Piactice of RE 
1o1 8asic Fundamentals 
2o1 Principles of REW 
3o1 Practice of RE 
1o1 Basic Fundamentals 
2o1 Principles of RE 
3o1 Practice of RE 

May 21 
May 29 Weekenc 
June 4 
June 12 Weekenc 
Jun 18 
June 26 Weekenc 
Sept. 17 Sept. 25 Weekenc 
Oct. 1 
Oct. 9 
Weekenc 
Oct. 15 Oct. 23 Weekenc 

April 23 May 1 
May 7 
May 15 
Weekend 
Weekend 
Weekend 

W ACO (817) 752-o95o or 772-27o5 

May 21 
May 29 
June 4 
June 12 Weekend 
June 18 June 26 Weekend 
July 6 
July 24 
Weekend 
July 3o 
Aug 7 
Weekend 
Aug. 13 Aug. 21 Weekend 

April 3o May 8 
Weekend 
April 3o May 8 
Weekend 
May 14 May 22 Weekend 
July 9 
July 17 
Weekend 
July 9 
July 17 
Weekend 
July*23 
July 31 
Weekend 
July 23 
July 31 
Weekend 
Aug. 6 
Aug. 14 Weekend 
Aug. 6 
Aug. 14 Weekend 
Nov. 5 
Nov. 13 Weekend 
Nov. 5 
Nov. 13 Weekend 
Nov. 19 Nov. 27 Weekend 
Nov. 19 Nov. 27 Weekend 
Dec. 3 
Dec. 11 Weekend 

AMARILLO (8o6) 355-96o6 
2o1 Principles of RE 
April 3o May 8 
Weekend 
5o1 
RE Law (First half) 
May 28 June 4 
Weekend 
1o1 
Basic Fundamentals 
July 23 
July 31 
Weekend 
2o1 
Principles of RE 
Aug. 6 
Aug. 14 Weekend 
3o1 
Practice of RE 
Aug. 2o Aug. 28 Weekend 
6o1 
RE Appraising 
Sept. 24 Oct. 2 
Weekend 
1o1 
Basic Fundamentals 
Oct. 3 
Oct. 18 
Weekend 
2o1 
Principles of RE 
Nov. 7 
Nov. 22 
Weekend 
3o1 
Practice of RE 
Dec. 5 
Dec. 21 
Weekend 

BROWNSVILLE (512) 546-4284 
PAN AMERICAN UNIVERSITY 
5o1 RE Law (first half) 
April 3o May 8 
Weekend 

Dec. 3 
Dec. 11 Weekend 
(512) 425-4922 EXT. 44 or 46 
HARLINGEN 
TEXAS STATE TECHNICAL INSTITUTE 
1o1 
Basic Fundamentals 
Aug. 13 Aug. 21 
Weekend 
2o1 
Principles of RE 
Sept. 1o Sept. 18 Weekend 
3o1 
Practice of RE 
Sept. 24 Oct. 2 
Weekend 
6o1 
RE Appraising 
Oct. 15 Oct. 23 
Weekend 

HOUSTON-CONROE— DAYTIME (713)273-25o6 
1o1 
Basic Fundamental 
May 16 May 2o 
2o1 
Principles of RE 
May 23 
3o1 
Practice of Bt 
May 3o 
1o1 
Basic Fundamentals 
July 11 
2o1 
Principles of RE 
July 18 
Practice of RE 
July 25 
3o1 ____________ 
1o1 Basic Fundamentals 
2o1 Principles of RE 

May 27 
June 3 
July 15 
July 22 
July 29 
Sept. 12 Sept. 16 
Sept. 19 Sept. 23 

5 Day 
5 Day 
5 Day 
5 Day 
5 Day 
5 Day 
5 Day 
5 Day 

1o1 Basic Fundamentals 
2o1 Principles of RE 
3o1 Practice of RE 
6o1 RE Appraising 
1o1 Basic Fundamentals 
2o1 Principles of RE 
3o1 Practice of RE 
5o1 RE Law (1st half) 
1o1 Basic Fundamentals 
2o1 Principles of RE 
3o1 Practice of RE 
4o1 Property Management 
1o1 Basic Fundamentals 
2o1 Principles of RE 
3o1 Practice of RE 
7o1 RE Investing 
W ICHITA FALLS (817)322-o739 
1o1 Basic Fundamentals 
July 23 
July 31 
2o1 Principles of RE 
3o1 Practice of RE 
6o1 RE Appraising 
5o2 RE Law (2nd half) 
1o1 Basic Fundamentals 
2o1 Principles of RE 
3o1 Practice of RE 

May 21 
May 29 Weekend 
June 4 
June 12 Weekend 
June 18 June 26 Weekend 
July 19 
July 17 
Weekend 
July 16 
July 24 
Weekend 
July 3o 
Aug. 7 
Weekend 
Aug. 13 Aug. 21 Weekend 
Aug. 2o Aug. 28 Weekend 
Sept. 1o Sept. 18 Weekend 
Sept. 24 Oct. 2 
Weekend 
Oct. 8 
Oct. 16 
Weekend 
Oct. 22 Oct. 3o 
Weekend 
Oct. 29 
Joy. 6 
Weekend 
Nov. 12 Nov. 2o Weekend 
Nov. 26 Dec. 4 
Weekend 
Dec. 3 
Dec. 11 Weekend 

Weekend 
Aug. 6 
Aug. 14 Weekend 
Aug. 2o Aug. 28 Weekend 
Sept. IO Sept. 18 Weekend 
Oct. 1 
Oct. 9 
Weekend 
Oct. 15 Oct. 23 Weekend 
Oct. 29 
Nov. 6 
Weekend 
Nov. 12 Nov. 2o Weekend 

American College of Real Estate. Inc 

31o E. ASHBY/SAN ANTONIO, TEXAS 78212 
(5 1 2 )7 3 6 -2 o 7 5 

CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 
CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 
CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 
CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 
CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 
I’WIK CS I IJK 

“Did we actually lose $36oo on" rent receipts on last year’s tax deductions? Think how much we could’ve put in the bank if we owned a US^Home in 
TWIN CREEK! ’ 

Why Rent? 

W hen you could be building the biggest 
Savings Account of your life! 

Homes modern families are looking for today. 

Handcrafted Brick Log-Burn­ ing Fireplace with Raised 
Hearth 

Full energy saving features 

Tile Shower and Tub Areas 
Carefree Vinyl Flooring in 
Entry, Living, Kitchen, Dining 
Areas 
Choice of Carpet 
Bedroom and Hall 
Beamed Ceiling in living 
Room 
Thick Insulation in W alls and 
Ceilings 
Library Shelves and Cabinet 
Valance Lighting in Baths 
Marbled Bathroom Vanities 
Mirrored Vanity Walls 

Solid Concrete Driveway, 
Walks and Patio 
Covered Front Porch 

Kitchen Pantry 

Built-in Kitchen 

Sculptured Front Door 

Individual Overhead 
G arage Doors 
Central Heat and Air 
Vinyl W all Covering In Baths 
Box Windows over-looking 
Lighted Patio and Backyard 
Raised Car Stop in G arage 
Central Entry Foyer 
W indow Seats in Box 
Windows 
Big Storage Room in Garage 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEW S— Sunday M ay 15 1977 

Homes opened in Burning Tree by Sitterle & Cos 

$37,5oo 

Exit Loop 4 1 o at Bandera Road. Proceed Va mile north to Grissom Road (FM 4 7 1 ) and turn left, Go I mile to TWIN CREEK. 
I OO 
TOTAL 
MOVE-IN 
V. A. 
CONVENTIONAL 
FINANCING 
5% DOWN 

Furnished 
M odels O pen 
D aily 9-9 
681-111 I 

Listed on th e N e w Y o rk Stock Exchange 

WORTH COMING HOME TO 

New. Different. Excit­ ing. 
T h a t’s 
B urning 
Tree. 
Burning Tree is luxury living with an affordable price tag. Burning Tree is the newest creation by 
Sitterle & Cos., the lead­ ing builder of fine homes for progressive San An­ tonians. 
In demand 
B urning T ree co m ­ bines the home features most in dem and today with fabulous extras to help you enjoy a new. better life style. 
E very new home in 
Burning Tree is indivi­ dually engineered with an eye toward livability. 
Experience Burning Tree and see the quality fea­ tu res available now: woodburning fireplaces, pebble-finished patios, finished double garages, cedar shingle roofs, en­ ergy-saving insulation and exciting new floor plans. 
To provide the proper setting for the truly dis­ tinctive homes in Burn­ ing Tree, much time, ef­ fort and money has been invested. The n atural, oak-shaded environment of Burning Tree has been protected to make your new home more beauti­ ful. E n tire n e ig h b o r­ hoods have been d e ­ signed to accommodate the stately oaks that flourish in Burning Tree. 
You’ll enjoy the great no rthw estern conven­ ience of a tome in Burn­ ing Tree. You’ll be close to all of San A ntonio’s m a jo r sub urb an sh o p ­ ping centers, office com­ plexes, recreational faci­ lities, re sta u ra n ts and theaters. You’ll a p p re ­ ciate living in the presti­ gious North East School 
D istrict, San Antonio’s finest. 
The 
S itterle home building team, headed by 
Frank and Dan Sitterle, is the exclusive builder for B urning T ree. S it­ terle and Cos. is proud of 

 the reputation it’s earned for building homes that not only offer the most desirable design features but aLso the preservation of natural surroundings to enhance the total beauty. 
The new home co m ­ munity of Burning Tree is being marketed exclu­ sively by the Dean ie 
Owens Co., R ealtors. 
That’s your assurance of courteous, knowledgea­ ble service from the 
“ professionals in the red co ats.” The m arketing agents of the Beanie 
Owens Co., Realtors, will provide you with all the 

 inform ation and g u i­ dance you’ll need during your visit to B urning 
Tree. From fireplaces to financing. Beanie Owens 
Co., Realtors, personnel has all the answers for you. 
To visit Burning Tree, drive out San Pedro 
Avenue and take a right onto Brookhollow Drive. 
Follow 
Brookhollow 
Drive to C arlton Oaks and turn left. Take Carl­ ton 
Oaks to 
Jones-Maltsberger Road and turn left. Follow 
Jones-Maltsberger Road 
Va mile to Burning Tree on your right. Refer to 

 locator map in Burning 
Tree display ad in this section. 
The exciting new homes in Burning Tree are attractively priced from $49,ooo to $56,ooo. 
For further information, visit the Burning Tree sales office at 141o2 Red 
Maple, 

If you won’t settle for less than the best, S it­ te rle & Cos, has built your kind of hom e in 
B u rning Tree. E x p e r­ ience the new life style of 
B urning 
T ree. 
Your dream home is ready to­ day. 

W ILSON GARDENS hom es built by v e te ra n custom builder 
Wilson Gardens previews homes 

CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 

Great kitc hen. 
Mary Simp! sor i! 

D on't be surprised if someone tells you how f reat your Great America ome looks. Because at 
Great America, we believe you can see the difference quality makes. 
In our garden kitchens, with handfinished cabinets and top quality appliances. In our roomy living areas, with vaulted cathedral ceilings, built-in bookcases and woodburn­ ing fireplaces. In our lavish ceramic tile baths, with marble vanities and decorator appointments. 
Even in our generous mas­ ter suites, with private baths and walk-in closets. 
Everywhere you look, there is careful attention to design, styling, practi­ cality and energy-effi- ciency. 
But that's only the in­ side story. Outside, Great 
America homes are strik­ ingly individualistic. Each home is designed for its particular homesite. Some are traditional, others reflect the informality of 
California styling. Some have soaring rooflines, 

 cedar trim and second- story balconies. Others are simple, yet elegant. 
But all are equally suited to entertaining and day- to-day family living. 
You'll find these really great homes in San 
Antonio's finest com­ munities. In Northwest 
San Antonio, we have new homes in Park Forest, 
Hidden Creek, Forest Oak 
Estates, and now, 
Elm Creek. In North 
San Antonio, we have new homes in Thousand 
Oaks, The Oaks in 
San Pedro Hills, and 
Hidden Forest. Each community is minutes from excellent schools, near major shopping and employment centers. 
Prices range from the upper-4o's to $1oo,ooo. 
Visit these fine com­ munities today and look for our pew red, white and blue signs. For additional information on a particu­ lar community, call 
69o-o3oo. The really great homes in San Antonio are 
Great America homes. 
Just ask any of our home­ owners. m GREAT AMERICA 
The really great homes in San Antonio. 

42o4 Gardendale, Suite 3o3, 69o-o3oo, Headquarters for Great America Construction Co. 

Wilson 
G ardens, a recent, exclusive res­ idential area of cus­ tomized homes built by developer Ben Wilson, will hold a preview showing of two complet­ ed models this weekend. 
The models, found on a private cul-de-sac named 
Cork Cove, are striking but merely serve as ex­ am ples of the kind of custom quality Wilson can build for the new neighborhood. The com­ pleted homes also are for sale and priced from 
$9o,ooo. 
Six others 
Wilson offers six other hom esites in his tree- filled com m unity in which he plans to custom build homos designed for m inim al m aintenance and placed on lots which would require the same. 
One home here, as visi­ tors this weekend will see, is sold. 
As one would expect in this price range, the homes contain m any am enities, but Wilson has taken caution not to 
“overdo” the extras they feature. He figures the 

 buyers will want to add their own ‘‘personifica­ tions" according to their own desires. 
The im m ense homes here are not called “ gar­ den homes” per se but do feature a large patio area in which owners could design any kind of g a r­ den they p referred . 
Noteworthy is that the patio is accessible from several living or work areas of the house. In one model, even a wet bar is almost adjacent to the patio. 
Each model boasts a large single living area, three spacious bedrooms, spacious dining area separated and rear-entry garages with electric door openers. 
The homes are pre-wired for burglar alarm sy stem s, p re ­ plumbed for central vacuum system s and have intercom systems throughout. They also have privacy fences. 
Wilson has not o v er­ looked energy-saving construction while build­ ing these luxury homes. 
They contain insulated hot w ater pipes, nine 

 inches of insulation in storage attics, therm al paned windows and all­ brick exteriors, which enhances the low-main- tenance concept along with the cedar shake roofs. 
The location of Wilson 
Gardens is convenient to 
NAV. Ill IO and N.W. 
Loop 41o; so, it is close to many major destination points. The area is in the 
Northside 
School 
District. 
Wilson Gardens West, another area developed by Wilson, is to feature as many as 43 g ard en homes priced from 
$62,(HJO to $75,ooo and also built by Wilson. Its grand opening is scheduled for 
May 28. 
Wilson specializes in custom construction and exclusive designs. He custom built homes in suburban Windcrest for 
12 years. 
Wilson 
G ardens is reached most easily by driving north of N.W. 
Loop 41o on Vance Jack­ son Road to Cork Cove, where a turn left leads to the models being shown this weekend. 

CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 
CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 
CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 

PREVIEW SHOWING 

This weekend visit the new­ est addition to Sitterle and 
Companies World of Better 
Living — Burning Tree. You will discover something new, d iffere n t and exciting at 
Burning Tree— luxury living with an affordable price tag. 

.r 
% ~ 

Each home in Burning Tree is individually engineered with an eye toward livability. Ex­ ceptional features like fire­ places, patios, enclosed ga­ rages, cedar shingle roofs and energy saving insulation highlight each home. 
So beat the crowd and prev­ iew this weekend before the 
Grand Opening in June, lf you won't settle for less Sit­ terle and Com panies has built your kind of home in 
Burning Tree. 

I LZ 

M arketed exclusively by 
Deanie Owens Co., Realtors for Sitterle and Companies. 
494-6842 

 f 
I 
B 
T 
C 
M 
T 
=3? 
J 7 // 
( 
& 
^ 
1K* 
! h< 
/ I 'rh.. 
S*WS®>' 
WI' i 

GARRETY RD 

. .a unique new life style in north San v 
.< 
Antonio. Naturally beautiful, this new 
J} community will offer large oak covered lots, 
■ . lighted tennis courts, extra wide streets, 
* 
Northeast Schools, no city taxes, all city utilities, and so much more. This "so much more" is that the innovative custom and garden homes here will be designed and built by Fabian 
- Krajmalnik who has proven his concern with 
.^quality, value, and beauty in each new h6me.<- 
' v 
Castle Wood Forest is developed exclusively for Fabian and is located just 
L'V*' north of Lockhill-Selma at George 
* i mf* 
Rd. past Wurzbach. Come see us. 
You'll love the peace and 
K g jn t . quiet. i f l 

Woodbridge^ second phase of townhouses will hold an Open House this weekend to follow its two-weekend 
Grand 
Opening. 
This townhome com­ munity does not exag­ gerate when it boasts that Woodbridge is where 

 the leisurely lite styles thought impossible by many can become en­ joyable realities at prices they can afford. 
Within the premises of 
Woodbridge, 31o2 and 
31o3 Eisenhauer Bd. in northeastern San Anton­ io, is a recreational 

 package carefully planned to give years of pleasure to the project’s residents. 
Leisure here is plenti­ ful, for residents never need to worry about the maintenance of their townhomes or their se­ curity. 

THUNDERBIRD HILLS hom es built by W.R. Craig Co. 
W. R. Craig Co. chose 2 top sites 

Homes by veteran builder W. R. Craig will be featured this weekend in two preferred residen­ tial areas of the north­ western San Antonio vi­ cinity. 
A long-time favorite for 
San 
Antonio home buyers, 
Thunderbird 
Hills is a community well situated and quite estab­ lished in the near north­ western quadrant of San 
Antonio, even with Loop 
41o. Forest Oaks Estates, in the Leon Valley area, is more recent but boasts many advantageous fea­ tures. 
Top quality 

The top quality homes by master craftsman 
Craig have been popular with buyers for more than 25 years now. So es­ tablished is Thunderbird 
Hills that, for some 15 years. San Antonians have continued to make it their home address. Its location within Loop 41o, of course, puts it close to all shopping facilities, entertainment sites, churches and preferred 
Northside 
District schools. 
Thunderbird Hills also is located atop a hilly ar­ ea of San Antonio; so, many homes here boast views that extend even 

 for miles. Native trees have been kept to en­ hance the homesites and the striking designs of the new houses. 
The location of Thun­ derbird Hills is nearly equi-distant from major employment centers like the South Texas Medical 
Center and Kelly and 
Lackland AFBs. This good proximity has made the neighborhood extre­ mely popular with mili­ tary and civilian buyers alike. 
Accordingly, resale values have re­ mained high and still are increasing. 
Forest Oaks Estates is especially close to the 
South Texas Medical 
Center and yields easy access to LTSA or USAA. 
Its Leon Valley location also means lower pro­ perty taxes than San 
Antonio’s and good prox­ imity to the many shop­ ping facilities reached with great ease via N.W. 
Loop 41o, readily acces­ sible from the area. 
Craig’s homes have been popular in both ar­ eas. Just one of the rea­ sons has been the good selection of floor plans and designs the veteran builder always has of­ fered. 
All homes are IOO per cent masonry with im­ 

 pressive facades, walk­ ways and courtyards. 
Terrazo entries, shag or sculptured nylon carpet­ ing in living and dining areas as well as in the hallways, finished garages, covered patios and backyards fenced with cedar are some of the standards other builders would call "ex­ tras.” 
Color-coordinated kit­ chens are fully equipped with Magic Chef ranges with self-cleaning ovens, dishwashers, disposers and vent hoods. Intercom systems make these homes easier to live in. 
As well, luxury details are included in baths. 
The homes are energy savers with thermo glass in all windows and patio doors. Fodders rotary compressor units are used for air conditioning. 
The full masonry homes are insulated with the finest of materials. 
Thunderbird Hills is reached most easily by exiting from N.W. Loop 
41o to Ingram Road and proceeding inside the 
Loop to Oak Hills Drive. 
Forest Oaks Estates is reached most easily by exiting from N.W. Loop 
41o to Evers Road and proceeding north to For­ est Pine. 

Over $3 million in home sales in less than six months, even before a formal opening, is the impressive report that comes from Hunter’s 
Creek in northwestern 
San Antonio. 
"These kind of figures must indicate that new home construction in San 
Antonio is moving along at a strong pace,” said 
Lloyd Booth, one of the 
Hunter’s 
Creek de­ velopers. 

 enjoys sales to opening date 

The other two builders, 
Llovd Denton and Superb 
Homes by Jesse & Bruce 
Baker, are equally enth­ usiastic about the sales progress in Hunter’s 
Creek. 

An analysis of the fi­ gures since the first pre-development sales started in December, 
1976, shows the following: 
Lloyd Booth homes gen­ erated $2,o5o,ooo in sales of 25 homes, with an 

C LA SSIFIED D IS P L A Y 
C LA S SIF IE D D IS P L A Y 

•.earwig 
■ W I ? 

Construction Company 

O PEN HOUSES IN 
THUNDERBIRD HILLS 

6214 little fawn...3 b e d ro o m 
I story 
$39,95o 

6214 Deer Skin...3 b e d ro o m 
I story 
$45,625 

6218 Deer Skin...3 b e d ro o m 
I story 
$52,275 

2138 James Bonham ...4 bedroom . . . I story 
$3o,ooo 

2134 James Bonham...3 bedroom . . . I story 
$29,9oo 

2118 James Bonham...3 bedroom . . . I story 
$29,9oo and in 
FOREST OAKS ESTATES 
Take Evers Rd. and Right on Forest Pine, 
Turn left to Crownpiece. 

73o7 Crown Piece...3 br/split le v e l................$52,5oo 

73o3 Crown Piece...4 br/split le v e l................$56,ooo 

WILL CUSTOM BUILD 

VA., F.H.A., & CONVENTIONAL FINANCING 
AVAILABLE 

 rn to t e a l 
CtNTfR t 

IN G R A M 

Open IO ’Til Dusk 

6 8 4 - o 8 1 O 

 average value of $82,ooo per home; Denton Homes has sold 12 residences at the average price of 
$86,ooo each for a total of 
$1,o32,ooo; and Superb 
Homes has sold three houses, each costing an average of $87,ooo, for a sales total of $261,ooo. 

“ And all of this is prior to any formal openinjg announcements and acti­ vities, which will take place sometime next month,” Booth noted. 

Hunter’s Creek is lo­ cated as far northwest as possible and still remain within the boundaries of the excellent North East 
School District. The area itself is on gently rolling terrain, where many of the native oak trees have been retained. Already developed in the master plan are the wide, paved streets that curve around to form a central loop within the privacy of 
Hunter’s Creek. 
• Also included in the plan are a magnificent clubhouse and recreation park with junior Olympic swimming pool and six tennis courts. 
There are three types of luxury homes availa­ ble: the patio, or zero-lot line design; the conven­ tional family home; and the larger, estate-size home and lot. Prices range from $65,ooo to 
$125,ooo. 
Hunter’s Creek is just minutes away from 
USAA, 
UTSA, 
South 
Texas Medical Center and major shopping malls. To reach the new community, take N.W. 
Military Highway north of N.W. Loop 41o to 
Lockhill-Selma Road, continue north past the 
Wurzbach Road intersec­ tion and look for the en­ trance sign on the right. 

Woodbridge already has been the joyful dis­ covery of numerous San 
Antonians. For example, its first phase, on the south side of Eisenhauer 
Road, is almost sold out. 
This, however, is the adult-oriented part of 
Woodbridge. 
Two lighted, acrylic- surfaced tennis courts, two swimming pools, two clubhouses and a picnic garden area make Wood bridge more than just a home address. It’s a total environment perfect for active life styles of pro­ fessionals or anyone who wants the most out of re­ tirement. 
One clubhouse features a party room, kitchen and game room; the other, a sundeck, ping­ pong table and firepit for cookouts. 
All this is for the ex­ clusive enjoyment of 
Woodbridge residents and their guests. 
The interiors of the 
Woodbridge townhouses are visually exciting due to their ‘‘open’’ design accomplished by broad window expanses, hand­ some fireplaces and la­ vish finishing touches. 
Extra large 17- by 
24-foot master bedrooms are common at. Wood­ bridge. So are fashiona­ ble, compartmented baths. One of the Wood­ bridge plans has two compartmented baths off the same bedroom — one for him, another for her. 
Larger units even have 
3!£ baths. 

All Woodbridge town­ houses have at least 2Vfc baths, each stunningly finished with hand- antiqued cabinets, rich coordinated wallpaper and large lighted mir­ rors. Each townhome al­ so has a fireplace and a balcony. 
Three models range, in size, from 1,75o to 2,7oo 

 sq. ft. The buyer has a choice of a two-car car­ port for a totally enclosed garage. 
Buyers also are give their choices in selecting colors for the attractive interiors of their town­ homes. They can select floor covering, wallpaper and even colors for van­ ities. 
The kitchens, too, are unusually attractive and fully equipped with top- name appliances. They feature an exceptional amount of storage plus a built-in planning desk complete with drawers. 
Energy-saving features are common to Wood­ bridge townhomes, too. 
The costs of operating utilities are lessened substantially by a full eight inches of solid in­ sulation inside the out­ side walls; weatherstrip­ ping on outside doors; bronze, solar-paned glass; all-electric ap­ pliances; and separate heating and air condi­ tioning systems. 
Within N E. Loop 41o, the 
Woodbridge townhomes are conven­ iently near N E. 1H 35 and North Star, Central 
Park and Windsor Park 
Malls. They’re also close to the business and pro­ fessional centers of the 
North 
Side, 
Alamo 
Heights and downtown. 
Security of all resi­ dences is determined not only by limited access to the project’s premises but also a highly trained, 
24-hour security patrol on guard seven days a week. 
Woodbridge town­ homes are priced from as low as $47,5oo upward to 
$8o,ooo. 
The project is reached most easily by exiting from N.E. Loop 41o to 
Harry Wurzbach Road and going south to 
Eiaenhauer Road, where a turn right leads to 
Woodbridge. 

W O O D B R ID G E to w n h o m e co m m u n ity m a k e s le isu re ly life sty le s re a litie s 

C LA SSIF IED D IS P L A Y 
C LA SSIF IED D ISP L A Y 
C LA SSIFIED D ISP L A Y 
C LA SSIF IED D ISP LA Y 

C L A S S IU ID D ISP L A Y 
Cl a s s a i l Cl OI .P l A T 

INTERSTATE 41o 
WooDBHDGE 
TOWNHOMES 

WrjODBHDQE 
TOWMHCWFS 

EISENHAUER RD 

31o? Eisenhauer Road 826-63o1 
O tflc i a n d m o d a l* u pon fro m 
1oam to dark oooon d ays • ar oak. from $475oo-85,ooo 
SAN ANTONIO 
COUNTRY CLUB 
X 'F O R T SAM 
HOUSTON 

San Antonio EX P R E SS-N E W S— Sunday M a y 15 I 97 7 
— — rn — 
I - 
■ I a w ii. 
—------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ . ..... 
— 
— fa- u < 
. ^ 4 
' . 
'V., fm',. • 
Woodbridg e townhomes 
Amenities abound here 

San Antonio EX PR ESS-N EW S— Sunday M ay 15 1977 

CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 
CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 
CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 
CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 
CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 
CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 

DOUBLE; EXPOSURE 

TO FINE LIVING, 

(• I- Hi, 

JZJ! 

 r e . 

 hr 

X 

■■y1 
. 
A 
J* \r ~ 
' i 
^ f a S ^ s a d f e ^ ’S I a 
♦*** 
«**•.< nNMt 
HIGH 
J 
COUNTRY ''r= 
ESTATES 

TTT-** r 

New homes from $42,1oo 
656 4471 

NORTH EAST SCHOOLS 

 lf you're looking for a new home, you want the FINEST YOUR MONEY CAN BUY . . . 
You get that in a new Coates Development 
Company home! 

These fine quality homes blend native woods, stone and rock fireplaces, ceramic tile entries, marble vanities and big windows. 
Plus the luxuries of rich carpeting, decorator interiors, cathedral ceilings, wet bars, huge master suites and modern kitchens are found in the most preferred floor plans. 

When you choose a new 
Coates home, you have your choice of excellent communities . . . Meadow 
Wood North and High 
Country Estates! 

MEADOW 
WOOD 
YOUTH 
New homes from $34,ooo 
494-6163 

Z F 

-■I 

TZ 

 tsJ 

(Ouu housing of*wu*h» 

( OATES DEVELOPMENT VO. 

,tx>fr?dsoR homes. 

BUILD IN G C R EA T IV ELY 
FOR YOU 

GRAND OPENING! 
A NEW DISCOVERY 

 continues its debut this weekend in Emerald Valley! 
IN LIVING 
■ i n 
■ w u n 
| u x u r y homes have such features as: fireplaces, exquisite carpeting, sunken living areas, cathedral ceilings and modern kitchens with range, vent hood, dishwasher and disposer. 
Living in Emerald Valley is like having your cake and eating it too! You can enjoy all the benefits of homeownership — income tax advantages, equity build-up and the satisfaction of owning your own home. 
And, at the same time, you get the privileges of Emerald Valley's community club with junior Olympic swimming pool, lighted tennis and basketball courts. 

New Homes 
$3o,65o to $33,7oo 

■ NO CITY TAXES 

■ NORTHSIDE SCHOOLS 

•Based on VA purchase price of S32.875, no down payment and 36o equal monthly payments at 8% annually. m erald 
R ile y 
684-I383 
L a d d e rs , y MAGIC CHEF 

EMERALD VALLEY m odels la te s t in W in d s o r H om es houses 
Emerald Valley’s grand opening draws hundreds 

Hundreds of Sun An­ tonians visited the grand opening of Emerald Val­ ley last week. The re­ sponse, in a word, was overwhelming. 
The new 
Windsor homes, priced from 
$3o,HOO, present a new alternative in living. Sin­ gles, seeking an invest­ ment and tax shelter, are finding Emerald Valley perfect for their life styles and budgets. 
Luxuries 
Couples whose children have moved away are finding Emerald Valley homes most conducive to their way of living: less unused space and more luxuries. 
Payments are as low as 
$297 a month* — less than most rents. (’ Based on VA purchase price of 

$3o,o5o, no down pay­ ment, no closing costs and 3oo equal monthly payments of $297 at 8 per cent annual percentage rate.) 
An important benefit of living in Emerald Valley is membership in the community club, which features a junior Olym­ pic swimming pool, lighted tennis and bas­ ketball courts. Children attend the excellent 
Northside 
District schools. 
These new three-bed- room homes have al! the luxury features you’d want. Fireplaces, sunken living areas, luxurious carpeting, cathedral ceilings, garden kit­ chens, patios and en­ ergy-saving central air and heat are just some of 

 them. All-eleetrie kit­ chens include range, hood, dishwasher, dis­ poser, beautiful cabinets and pantries. 
There are no city taxes in Emerald Valley, which means a lower monthly payment for you. Ifs in the vicinity of 
San 
Antonio’s next regional mall now under con­ struction at Ingram Hoad and NAV. Loop TUI. 
.lust IO minutes away is 
UTS A, USAA and the 
South Texas Medical 
Center. The nearby ex­ pressway makes Lack­ land and Kelly A FBs most convenient. 
Furnished models are open daily from IO a.rn until dark. Just take 
Culcbra Hoad north of 
N.W. Loop 41o and follow the signs. 

M E A D O W W O O D N O R T H , H igh C ountry h a v e C oates hom es 
Coates building in 2 desirable northeast areas 

Luxury and quality combine in new homes by Coates Development Co. 
Add to that a choice of excellent lo­ cations such as Meadow Wood North and High Country Estates and you can see why so many have chosen new 
Coates homes. 
Combination 

There’s no better place to enjoy all this natural beauty than a new Coates home. An excellent combination of na­ tive woods, natural fieldstone fire­ places, marbletop vanities, ceramic tile entries and countertops and huge expanses of glass in picture windows and sliding patio doors are the extra touches that make a Coates home stand out. 
They also offer wet bars, top quality carpeting, cathedral ceilings, huge master suites, walk-in closets and mo­ dern kitchens with dishwasher, dis­ poser, range and vent hood. 

You can choose a new Coates home in High Country Estates or Meadow 
Wood North. Furnished models are open daily until dusk. 
Meadow Wood North is located on 
Jones-Maltsberger Road. To get there, take San Pedro Avenue north of N.W. 
Loop 41o to Bitters Road and turn right. Turn left on Jones-Maltsberger. 
Here you’ll find a community of new homes from $34,ooo. Hight next door is 
McAllister Park, a game preserve with hike and bike trails. Preferred North 
East District schools serve the com­ munity. 
High Country Estates can be reached by driving north on Nacogdoches Hoad to its intersection with Judson Road. 
Here you’ll find lovely new homes from 
$42,1oo. Each is located on an oversized lot high in northeastern Bexar County. 
Gentle breezes and clean air fill the community. Preferred North East 
District schools serve the youngsters. 

CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 
CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 
CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 

\NNOl!NCING THE OPENING « nine Hep..,, p rim homes in an exclusive. hea\il\ wooded cul-de-sae seltin" offering complete privacy and security. ( uslnni quality energy-saying con­ struction tea turin” privacy patio, wet bar. single liy int! area with fireplace, rear entry electric "arage. and prewiring for burglar system. Priced from low sod s. for information call 6v6-7.»8.». Open 
Sal.’s.-Mm's 1-o. 

IT S 
( B 
■ u * 

(.‘fifer on ^ 
Cove 

C allaghan 
| 
Road 7? c - 
o -5 
^ o 

 loop 4 I o 
J 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEW S— Sunday M ay 15 1977 

O A K VALLEY, O ak cree k N orth w est h ave Kinder hom es 
Key Group grows as realty firms 
‘band together’ 

Tho Key Group marks its first year in operation as the pnly local real es­ tate organization of its kind, and “ we can look back to success and for­ ward to expansion,” Dale 
Riley, president of the 
Key Group, said this week. 
Riley pointed out that, in the first year of the 
Key Group, it doubled in size, tripled its offices and sold about $6o mil­ lion worth of real estate. 
‘Improving’ 

“ We feel confident that economic conditions are improving rapidly, and the growth of residential sales we experienced in 
1976 are increasing. If 
1977 continues at the same pace, it will be one of the best real estate years of this decade.” 
In order to place special emphasis on pro­ viding more and better service, Riley stated, Key 
Group members recently sent 18 managers to Dal­ las for a management seminar by Steve Brown, 
Fortune Productions of 
Atlanta. 
A new audio visual educational program will be conducted four nights a week for the next IO weeks, Riley noted, to better prepare the Key 
Group members and as­ sociates to meet the 

A ' 

I 

D A L E R ILE Y needs of a rapidly in­ creased and changing market conditions. 
The Key Group also announced this week that it has its first member outside of the San Anton­ io area. Lake Resort 
Kingsland, located in the 
Highland Lakes area west of Austin, has joined the Group. 
Lake Resort Kingsland is owned by Bob Jones, 
Realtor who founded the 
Key Group organization and has watched it grow to the current 17 offices. 
“ By adding the Kings­ land office, we can offer residential and resort 

 properties for the entire 
Key Group, independent­ ly owned and operated 
Realtors who have band­ ed together to perform better service to the buy­ ing and selling real es­ tate public. This will just add to the many services we already offer,” Riley said. 
Other members of the 
Key Group are Sterling 
Burke; Pete Cantu Inc.; 
Clara Belle Cattier; Vir­ ginia Cervenka*; Case/ 
Baker; Dodson & Asso­ ciates; Don Johnson; Bob 
Jones; Flay Carington; and Sue Weems. 
All are members of the 
San Antonio Board of 
Realtors and Multiple 
Listing Service. Many are active on the board of directors and serve on ethics education and public service com­ mittees. In addition, all members are active in the Texas and National 
Associations of Realtors. 
The firms work to­ gether to render more efficient service to sellers and buyers of real estate, particularly homes. The Key Group has a total of 16 offices in 
San Antonio, in addition to the 
Lake 
Resort 
Kingsland office, for a total of 17 offices. The combined staffs add up to more than 22o Realtors and Realtor-Associates. 
Real estate sales for April increase 

RAY RAGSDILL 

April real estate sales in the San Antonio area reported by the Multiple 
Listing Service showed an increase over sales made in April a year ago. 
Data from the MLS operated by the San An­ tonio Board of Realtors show that 664 sales were made in April of this year as compared with 
583 in April of 1976. 
Arrangement 
The MLS provides an arrangement whereby each broker brings his listings to the attention of other members. When a sale results, Hie commis­ sion is divided between the broker bringing the listing and the broker 

 making the sale. The 
MLS works to the advan­ tage of both seller and buyer by placing information about a piece of property in the hands of all member brokers w ho, in turn, pass it on to their clients. 
The dollar volume of sales made in April totaled $21,516,9oo as compared to $17,427,134 in the same month last year. 
Total sales for 1977 to date are 2,759, represent­ ing a dollar volume of 
$76,87o, according to Ray 
Ragsdill, president of 
SABOR. 
“ Increased sales indi­ cate a healthy trend in the economy,” he re­ marked. 
Detached homes favored in Texas 
Every age group has its 
“druthers” — in music, clothes, hobbies and, especially, in housing. 

“ But, for middle-aged buyers between 35 and 5o — particularly in 
Texas — the single-family detached home is still top choice.” 
Works with lenders 

So observes Jackson W. Goss, presi­ dent and chief executive officer of In­ vestors Mortgage Insurance Co. of 
Boston, a subsidiary of Investors 
Mortgage Group Inc. 
IMIC, a leading .organization in the private mortgage insurance industry, works with lenders, mutual savings banks and comnaercial banks, by in­ suring the top £o- to 25 per cent of high-ratio,.conventional mortgage loans. 
“ More than half of the 1.6 million housing starts in the U.S. this year are single-family -dwellings. Sim ilar percentages apply in this area where projections* calf- for housing starts in excess of 96,ooo in. Jo75,” Goss notes. 
“ Further, the-vast fnajority of those homes are being #Urjeb^ed by families in the 35 to 5o age-.bracket — particu­ larly’true in this*region. 
“ The attrabti.on.pf-the suburbs — with larger homesrr*more expansive 

 lawns and room for a growing family 
— is extremely strong in Texas for this age group.’' 
A family’s income is generally at its highest point during’these years, too; so, they consequently ean afford to buy larger, more expensive homes, Goss adds. 
“ Of course, .the number of young­ sters in a family pretty much deter­ mines how rnVteh' room is needed. 
Children, as Weli'as adults, need space for entertaining friends — a welcome feature offered by larger detached homes,” he points out. 
The average detached home shop­ ping list in Texas includes: 
•Minimum of ihree to four be­ drooms. 
. 
. . 
•At least two baths — preferably 2%. 
•A family or recreation room. 
•A location convenient to schools, churches airdropping facilities. 
•Patios. 
•Ample closet and storage space. 
One ingredient has been added in the form of flexible financing programs 
“ to make it easier to become a real homeowner. Low cash down payment requirements leaves more momey for appliances, furnishings and other items for their new home. 
“ As long as there are middle-aged families in the Texas marketplace, detached homes will continue to do­ minate this area’s housing market,” 
Goss concludes. 

Kinder builds custom quality 

I 'iic tn m ’H ill IH n r M ite* 
Artr>r»rHlncr fn vn u r 
■ 
Custom'builder Mike 
Kinder displays his ori­ ginal ideas this weekend in Oakcreek Northwest, where the. master crafts­ man presents what could be called a “ gallery” of innovative .homes. 

According to your plans, Kinder will trade or custorq build-.in this area. 
Price range for homes displayed here starts at 
$79,5oo and goes upward to $115,ooo 
Oakcreek Northwest is 
Those looking for gen-’near many destination uine custom quality that points but secluded. The is most likely reflective well removed community of their own personalities yields quick access to can find it -In Oakcreek either N W. III IO or NAV. 
North west,-Pp exclusive Loop 41o, each a major residential area right off route to the finest of 
Vance Jackson Road one everything San Antonio mile north of 'N.VV. Loop has to offer. 
That 
41o. make* it all the more 
O n R ta n H in p appropriate, for these 
U U lM d n a in f, homes are certainly 
Kinder has nine mo- among the. fittest the dels open daily. 
Alamo City has to offer. 
Among .outstanding 
Sites near. Oakcreek features of his homes are Northwest include three, four or five be- ]^ A A , b'TSA^, 
South drooms with split ar- Texas Medical tenter rangements; three of and many other major four bath designs; wet medical facilities. The bars and -ceiling fans; community is in the pre- large oaks and horseshoe ^rred Northside School drives; beamed rathe- District., dral ceilings; continuous 
Oakcreek Northwest is clean ovens or mi- reached most easily by crowave ovens; and a driving north on Vance host of decorative extras Jackson Road one mile that make these Oak- from NAV. Loop 41o. Its creek Northwest homes 
P°»nts to its magni- unique. fieent entranceway. 

SAAA meets Tuesday 

The San Antonio Apartment Association will hold its May dinner meeting Tuesday, May 17, at, the 
Turtle Creek Country Club. The meeting begins with a .social hour starting at 6:3o p.m. 
Sponsor for the social hour’s bar is Encore 
Draperies & Interiors Inc. of San Antonio. 

 clasm ih p ow n e r 
CLASSIFIED 
- 
CLASSIFIED DESHAY 
. I I..... HI w I H ll 

CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 
CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 

Presenting 

“ T H 
E " l I V 
C U 
" 

Where Mike Kinder has translated your dream into 

 reality. 

IN 
OAK VALLEY 

Designed for the ultimate in casual elegance. 

9431 Callaghan Rd. 

Beautifully Landscaped Courtyard For Entertaining, Soaring Cathedral Ceilings, 
Massive Double Fireplace, Private Master Suite, Spacious Bedrooms, Garden 
Kitchen, large Family Room, Utility-sewing Room, and much more*I 1 5 ,o o o 

An Exclusive Design By 

M ik e K in d e r , builder 

6 9 6 -8 3 3 o 

Seven Models Open For 
Your Inspection 

North of Loop 41o out Vance Jackson. 

I 

 apartment fitting 

TUCKEO AWAY 
AMONG THC HEES 
VET ONLY ONE 
MINUTE KOM IN-IO 
ADULT A FAMILY 
SECTIONS 
69o-17oo 
49o9 WOOOSTONf 

S U n F U U M S 

25S4 Northeost loop 41o 
656-1222 

. . . y 
O 
‘ 
,'n 
Sundance 
4615 GARDENDALE 
69o-832o V 
C h a n g i n g c o n c e p t s lh. 
ADULT LIVING 
O EL MADRID 

APARTMENTS 

• Fireplaces o "Complete 
All electric kitchens 

Washer Dryer 
Connections 
All Bills Paid 

696-2846 
6111 Vance Jackson 

 fVU 

11 

The 

I J T L n tn n ia n 

3939 Fredericksburg Rd. 

7)2-8411 

A p o rf rn en* Com m unity 
IV MOM! TOWE o SECURITY—GARDEN PATIOS timiRKM flue BOOM - CVM t 
I-2-3 BDR. 
I & 2 BATH 
$185-S275 (Furn. Add.) UTILITIES PO. 
J 
2o11 SANDERA RD 
434-4191 
B etw een Hillcrest A C allagh an 
A Bob l a s s A partm en t Com m unity 

SOUTHSIDE 
™ T h e Aristocrat Apts. 
M odern I Bd Apts 
$165 Unfurnished • Furnished Avail. 

555 Hutchins 
927-4141 
AMAC Managed Property 
© 

I bedrrom 
Apts now 
B a b c o c k available 
Furnished or 
3|C n o r t h Unfurnished 
APARTMENTS 6 miles north of loop 41o 
• 
. . . . on Bobcork, turn left of 
Country Living in 
Spf,ng„ me 

 the City 
6S4? Spring Bronch 

69o-146o 

o 
W a k e fie ld ’ Stardust 
A p artm e n ts 
I, 2, 3 Bedroom Apts.' 
$18o-535o 
Across Rector from N. Star Mall 
85o6 Wakefield 
Separate Family A Adult Sections 
344-4558 rn Arn* A)t|riOoect #■*#OpcrTy 
_ 

o 

 f l u * t a l l i i i ai l»4*ji i i i H i l l 
!N i*w lil« * s l vie * 

12221 Blanco Road 
4 9 2 - 2 1 7 1 
O LA PLAZA APTS. 

“ T EN N IS W O R L D " 
• e e C Q U tT S A ll MI AITH, AMO I I I F C I S I C IU * 
• ADUST AND r A M Iir SECTIONS 
• lUtN ISM O AND UNtueNISMEO A A A BT M IN tS 
SJT IL I TI# S BAID 
• NORTHEAST SC MOOIS FUS SIF VICI 
• NOFTM ST A I AND CENTRAL FABK M A H A F IF 

O 

O N I 
BED RO O M 

From 

$1 89 

71 IO Wurzbach at Babcock 
N e xt door to Medical Center 
696-3851 

© 
oForest Oaks 
A partm ents 

2 Bedroom Apts. 
From *226-*263 
6313 Ivors 
*684-4755 

U 5N .W . LOOP 41o 
341-4621 

 ijfifW A TER 
■ S C A P E D i n * iPfer 
APARTMENTS 
J 

1946 N.E. Loop 41o 
UFI Stylo by 
(Horry Wuribach Exit) I 
G I UFE MVESTORS 
826 2355 
I 

o f I MIKADO 
APTS. 

Quiet Adult Apts 

3243 
Nacogdoches 

 apartments 

• Spacious 1,2,3 bd. 
! 
• Close to Ft. Sam & Randolph 
[_ 8ooo Midcrown 
655-881o 

656-o188 

NOB 
HIU 
APARTMENTS 

Nob Hill Apartments off IM IO 
7626 Callaghan Road/349-1217 
© TARA 

AN APARTMENT HOME 
UNFORGETTABLE AS ITS NAME ro N V E N ifN r in r .n o * * en d u*n/*i*s p a i d 
8o51 Broadway 
824-oo61 
2 New Tennis Cts.! 
828-7393 

 r n The 
BRITTA 

MOR TH KAST 

 ir n o e e 
o 
G 
W 
! ? , ___ 
^ p p o n t m o n t * 

• Jr. I Bedroom 
• Fvm. A Unlurif*F(«4 

1 • One Bedroom larger • Foal A laundry 

' • Two Boxroom* 
• Single le v e l, Brlvete te tlo 

6 5 6 - 3 1 1 6 
I 
71o6 Glee Tgerecg (O m a te lg e d e M i Areg) a 

“ A d van tag es o f A H o m e w ith The 
C onveniences of R e n tin g ” 
Fot 
Information 
Call 674-7oo4 

POR QUICK 
RESULTS AND 
EXTRA VALUE 

^ _ C A U 2 2 5 ^ 7 j ^ J _ 

o i a u m M o c d 
1 
AN AOUIt APARTMENT COMMUNITY 
I 
ALL AMENITIES • ON BUS LINE • ONE 
BLOCK FROM ST. MARY S • ONE BLOCK 
FROM SHOPPING • FURN. ADD. 
1 
I, 2 & 3 BDR. 
$18o to $245 
UTILITIES PAID 

33o1 VV W O O D!A W N 
434 9344 
6 lab Ibm Apartment Community* 
o 

Village: 
Apartments V 

• WINDSOR PARK MAU 
• NORTHEAST SCHOOLS 
• FURNISHED Of 
UNFURNISHED e PANI UTILITIES 
PRIVATE PATIOS 
POOLS A PARTY ROOM 
443o Roy Bg* Drive 
.653-73oo 

A SOPHISTICATED ADULT COMM U 
NITY Vs/lTH A POOL IN EACH COURT 
YARD HALF BLOCK OFF LO O P 4 )o 
NEAR NORTH STAR MALL 

86o7 JONES MAITSBIRGCR 
3 4 1 -31 26 

1-2 3 
Bedrooms 

. BFC StyWby 
o UFE MVESTORS 

 apartm ents. 

9525 LORENE 
344-9888 

O The Heritage 

Apartments 
I I different floor plans — 
All with patios 
Priced from $215 — All Bills Paid 

1543 Babcock 
341-2228 
V^jwponiT 

HOMESTYLE APARMENT 
LIVING 
451 5 Gardendale 
691-1o44 

o 
NORTHEAST AREA 
<Perrin & la za 
I A 2 BDR. A TOWNHOUSES 
Garden apts. with clean well kept spacious grounds, patios, balconies, pool, walk to shopping, features plus. 
Perrln-Beitel Rd. 
655-/122 

©FRENCH CHALET 

165o JACKSON KELLER 

THE ULTIMATE APARTMENT 
COMMUNITY 

3 4 4 * 4 6 1 6 

I S 
Westchester 
Aportmenti 

 tff., I, 2,3 Bd. from $16o 

C nm enient lit Fort Sum and Kam iolph 

I I H 
A u stin H w y. 
8 2 8 -4 4 o 5 

A AIAC M anager Property 

o 
39o3 
Barrington 
653-53oo 

T e r r a 

A l t a 

AS 
'■ 
S ’ 

411 EVEREST 
828-533o 
o 
SOUTH SEA 
APARTMENTS 
LEISURE LIVING 
SUPER LOCATION 

BIANCO AT JACKSON KEILER 
7543 SOUTH SEA LANE 
341-6251 

©Country Village 

Apartments 
I bleck off Broodway at 41o 
1,2, 3 bedrooms from 816o 
8446 Country Village , 
828-5721 
A MAC Managed Property m m ssm m 

4 

! EARN $$$ 
WEEKLY 

Blood P la sm a Donors^ 
Mon..-Sot. 8 a m -4 :3 o 1 

Plasm a D erivative s j 
3o2 Si Flores 
I 
2 2 4 -1 7 4 9 
! 

(a n n o u n ce m e n ts) 
) 

11O - SPECIAL HOTICtS 
12o BIDS t PROPOSALS 

12< - U6W. WOnCES 
P a g e 7 -D 
_ 
S a n A n to nio E X P R E S S - N E W S — 
S u n d a y M a / I 5 I 9 7 7 

281 - REAL ESTATE NOTICES 
281 ■ BEAL ESTATE NOTICES 
2o1 • HEA! ESTATE KOTiCES 
2o1 REAL ESTATE WOIICES 
2o1 REAL [SIAU NOTICES 
G ra n t Charmel W * « v * r . A M in o r b y C A P T W illia m G.. o r N e ttie A 
W e a v e r , > o 4 $ A M in n e io t o Cir, 
Platttfevrgh AFO. N T . 

C A P T J a m t i I. W e a v e r o r S o a d r o 
A. W e a v e r . 1 7 o 3 o S .W . 1 1 2 th 
A ve .. M ia m i FL. 

Jo y M. W illio tm o r M a r y V. 
W illia m *. 6 3 o 6 A b ile n e St., 
Sp rin g fie ld , V A . 

C A P T H o i K. W ilt o n o r S o lly O. 
W ilto n , 3 o Aine Mill Rd., P a lm a r, 
M A o 1 o 6 9 . 

CA R T P e te r 6- Z im m e r o r J a n e T. 
Z im m e r, C a p ri A p t* S 2 o 3 . 1 4 4 1 tm e ry St., Lo n g M o n t, C O O O S O l 

C O L. (. A . o r A . J a n e A la n d Jr., 
R e d R o ck R anch , O x S 4 1 , 
M o n u m e n t, C O 8 o 1 3 2 . 

C A P T R ic h a rd M . O o n a le w io , 
2 9 1 6 N o ic o d e Cir., S a c ro m e n ta . 
C A 9 5 8 2 6 

2 1 T G lo ria M . R o rica w tki. C M O 
6 8 4 7 , 5 6 Sp O p W g „ A P C S A N 
F R A N C IS C O 9 6 3 1 o . 

B o y Sco u t T ro o p 2 o 8 St. M a r t in '! 
H all, 2 4 t h a n d D u ra n g o , S a n 
A n to n io , T X . 

Jo h n J. C arliti. Jr., </'• A. R y a n , 
A p t 5G . 8 7 o R iv e rtid e O riv e , 
N e w Y o rk 3 2 . N Y 1 o o 3 2 . 

C A P T W a r r e n J. o r C a ro ly n V. 
C arter, 3 6 3 7 N I K illin g tw o rth 
St. P o rtla n d , O R 9 7 2 1 1 . 

C A P T o r M r*. M ilto n A. C ath , 
4 3 3 - B Billy M itch e ll Rd., S a n 
A n to n io , T X 7 8 2 2 6 

C o n tu e lo C. C a ttro . 1 6 2 o R u t* 
St., S a n A n to n io , T X 7 8 2 o 7 . 

M r *. G lo ria B. C a ttro , 2 1 1 5 A lb e 
A v e -, S a n A n to n io . T X 7 8 2 3 7 . 

C A P T S a m u e l W . o r P a u lin e W . 
C o ch ra n , B o x 2 1 8 4 , E d w a rd * 
A FB CA. 

C h a rle t A . C o o k , IV o r Ja n e T. 
C o o k , A p t. I I 5, S I SO W . I 2 th 
A ve ., H ia le a h , FL 3 3 o 1 2 . 

M r. o r M r *. M a n u e l P. Crux, 1 3 6 
“ B ” St., S a n A n to n io , TX. 

C A P T E m e tt R. C utrer, Jr. o r M r *. 
C a ro ly n Y, C utrer, B o x 7 4 4 3 , 
P o p e AFB, F a y e tte v ille , N C 
2 8 3 o 8 . 

M r. J a m e * G. D a y , 1 3 9 o 2 Fiji 
W a y * 1 1 9 , M a r in a D e l R e y C A 
9 o 2 9 1 . 

Itid ro M . D e La Crux, Rt. 9, B o x 
2 9 6 C , S a n A n to n io , T X 7 8 2 1 1 . 

Ju a n o r J o te fa D e la G a rz a , 9 6 3 
S. S a n J o a q u in St., S a n A n to n io , 
TX. 

E a tte rn Star, 5 1 4 C a v a lie r, S a n 
A n to n io , TX. 

E d g e w o o d M e n '* Club, 9 5 1 S .W . 
3 8 th St., S a n A n to n io , T X 7 8 2 3 7 . 

C A P T D a v id F. Erick ton. 6 3 1 9 Ilk 
A ve ., C h e y e n n e , W Y 8 2 o o 1 . 

J o ta R. E stra d a , 4 3 o 8 M o n t e r e y 
St., S a n A n to n io , T X 7 8 2 3 7 . 

IT G a r y K . F e re n tch a k , PSC * 2 
B o x 1 5 2 8 4 , A P O S a n Fra n cisco 
9 6 3 6 7 . 

M a rc e lin e Floret, Jr. o r E d u a rd o 
R. T re vin o , 3 3 5 Las P a lm a * D riv e , 
S a n A n to n io , T X 7 8 2 3 7 

C A P T Jo h n B. o r M rs. N a n c y o. 
France, 8 1 s t Toe Ftr. Sq., A P O 
N e w Y o rk o 9 1 o 9 

C A P T J o sh u a G a lin d o , 5 9 o 1 W e s t 
O r a n g e w o o d , G le n d a le , A Z 
8 5 3 o 1 . 

M a rc e lo o r M u g g ie G a rcia , 3 2 8 
N. S a n Fe lip e St,, S a n A n to n io , T X 
7 8 2 3 7 . 

C A P T T h o m a s G . G ib so n o r J a n e t 
I. G ib so n ,6 7 9 K e n n e b e c Stre e t, 
R u m fo rd , M E o 4 2 7 6 . 

Fra n cis P. G ra h a m o r Y v o n n e 
G ra h a m , 3 4 o 6 S to n e r A v e n u e , 
Los A n g e le s , C A 9 o o 6 6 . 

C h a rle t T. G re in e r, 1 5 2 4 
P e n s a c o la St., * 1 o 3 , H o n o lu lu , 
HI 
9 6 8 2 2 . 

M A J D o n a ld E. G ro u n d o r Ju n e E. 
G ro u n d , 6 o o 6 P u rd u e D riv e , 
C a m p S p rin g s, M D 2 o o 3 1 . 

C A P T F ra n cis V . H e a ly , T U S L O G 
D e l 1 1 8 . U SA FE, A P O N e w Y o rk 
o 9 o 1 6 . 

C A P T P e te r K. H e g e r o r B e v e rly 
A. H e g e r, 1 8 o La u re l St., 
L o n g m e a d o w , M A O I 1 o 6 . 

D a n ie l B. H e lm ick , 1 o 7 5 o le t 
J a rd in s Dr., D a lla s, T X 7 5 2 2 9 . 

H T E d w a rd T. H e rlih y , 2 3 2 8 
C a m p b e llto n Rd., SW . A p t B B -5 5 , 
A tla n ta , G A 3 o 3 1 1 . 

M rs. R o n a ld A. H o cke r, 2 o 
W illo w Rd. * 9 , M e n lo P o rk , C A 
9 4 o 2 5 . 

Eula H a rm o n H off, I I H ig h R o ck 
W a y , A llsto n , M A . 

M a rria n e R. H ollen , U S A F H o sp . 
ATC, C h a n u te AFB, l l 6 1 8 6 6 

M A J T h o m a s F. H o ra n , U SA F, R et, o r M a r ily n M . H o ra n , 1 8 2 9 
D ix ia n o Stre e t, H o lly w o o d , FL 
3 3 o 2 o . 

Haul R. Ib a rra , Sr., 3 6 1 I W e s t 
Sa lin a s, S a n A n to n io , T X 7 8 2 o 7 . 

2LT J a m e s S. In m a n , Jr. or 
M rs .J a m e s S. In m a n , Jr., 4 6 5 8 
C o tto n Dr. * 9 , M e m p h is, TN 
3 8 1 1 8 . 

IT K e n n e th R. Isra e l, B o x 3 6 1 2 , 
4 2 T EW S, A P O S a n F ra ncisco 
9 6 2 7 3 . 

M A J N ic k J. Itsines, B o x I 1 2 8 , 
G risso m AFB, IN 4 6 9 7 o . 

C A P T G r o v e r E. J a c k s o n o r M rs. 
G r o v e r E. J a c k so n , 2 1 1 3 
H ig h la n d Ct.. M o b ile , A L 3 6 6 o 3 . 

M A J P a u l F. Joh n s, c / o D a v id F. 
Jo h n s, 1 8 3 9 Ft. H e n ry , So n 
A n to n io , T X 7 8 2 4 5 . 

2LT C h a rle n e M . Jon e s, 4 o o 
T o m a r Dr., A p t. 4 -D , S a n A n to n io , 
T X 7 8 2 2 7 . 

C A P T J o h n W . K im m e rly , la z a r 
M a n o r A p ts., A p t. 7, 3 3 4 8 o 
M ic h ig a n A v e ., W a y n e , M I 
4 6 1 8 4 . 

C A P T Jo h n E. Or Ru th C. K la g , 6 9 L 
A v e H So u th , G la s g o w AFB, M T . 

IT a n d M rs. R ic h a rd 5. K o s n ic k , 
B o x 8 4 5 . 4 3 9 7 t h S c h o o l Sq., 
R a n d o lp h AFB, T X . 

M r. R ic h a rd N . K rie p s, 5 6 8 9 
C h ristin e A v e ., A p t. 1 o 3 , 
W e stla n d , M I. 

Jo s e p h E. le g r e e o r Ju a n ita A. 
L e gre e , 5 o o K a p p o c k St., B ro n x , 
: 
N Y 1 o 4 6 3 . 

C A P T A lla n S. lip p . 1 o o o W e s t 
A v e 1-8, M ia m i B e ach , FL 3 3 1 3 9 . 

T h e lm a J. L iv in g sto n , B o x 7 o 1 , 
Sch e rtz, TX. 

C A P T O o n a ld A . Luna, 2 3 T A S S 
P A C A F , P O B o x 2 9 2 9 , A P O S a n 
F ra ncisco 9 6 3 1 o . 

C A P T F ro n k J. M a rc h e d !, 6 5 r 
W illia m s St., Jo h n sto n , R I o 2 9 1 9 . 

C A P T J o h n D. M c C u b b in o r 
M a r g a r e t M cC u b b in , 3 2 5 B St., 
D a v is , C A 9 3 6 1 6 . 

H ila rio M o n c a d a , 5 9 1 3 W . 
C o m m e rc e St., Sa n A n to n io , T X 
7 8 2 3 7 . 

C A P T R o b e rt J. M o o r e , 3 1 6 th 
T C W , L a n g le y A FB, V A . 

B o n ifa c io o r J u a n a R. M o rin , 
1 2 o 1 V a le n c ia St., S a n A n to n io , 
T X 7 8 2 3 7 . 

C A P T L a rry E. N e w to n , 9 4 5 G le n 
A c re s Ct., B u rlin g to n , O n ta rio , 
Can. 

Dr. o r M rs. E u g e n e J. N ie d z ie ls k i, 
| 
15 T a y lo r Lane, P o rtsm o u th , N H 
o 3 8 o 1 . 

C A P T W illia m J. N ile s o r Elin or A. 
N ile s, 3 3 5 7 th St., S a n ta M o n ic a , 
C A 9 o 4 o 2 . 

C A P T C a th e rin e M . O 'C o n n e ll, 
Apt. 5 3 , 5 o o S. H im e s, T a m p a , FL 
3 3 6 o 9 . 

C A P T S a n fo rd S. O g a w a o r June 
J. O g a w a , 1 5 TR S B o x 1 4 1 5 1 , 
A P O S a n Fra ncisco 9 6 2 3 9 . 

C A P T C h a rle s I. O g le s b y , 5 2 4 
R o se m o n t G a rd e n , L e x in g to n , K Y 
4 o 5 o 3 . 

Dr. W . P. O w e n o r M rs, W . P. 
O w e n , 1 2 2 E. S ta te St., 
Je ffe rso n , IA 5 o 1 2 9 . 

J a m e s E. P e n n in g to n or 
Ja c q u e lin e E. P e n n in g to n , 2 9 8 8 
Fern V a lle y Dr., RI. 8, M a rie tta , 
G A 3 o o 6 o . 

A ta n a c io P e re z o r B e a trice 
Pe re z, 9 3 4 S. S a n Joaq u in , Sa n 
A n to n io , TX. 

TSG S a m E. P e rry , Jr., 7 o 8 
B artle tt A v e ., N . L as V e g a s , N V 
8 9 o 3 o . 

S S G B illy G. R e e p o r E liza b e th E. 
Pe e p , Lot * 1 6 3 , 1 6 9 9 N . D u P o n t 
H iw a y , D o v e r, DE 1 9 9 o 1 . 

Cecilio C. R o d rig u e z , Jr. 4 1 2 7 El 
P a so St., S a n A n to n io , T X 7 8 2 3 7 . 

R a m o n R. R. R o d rig u e z , 1 4 o 7 El 
P a s o St., S a n A n to n io , T X 7 8 2 o 7 . 

J a m e * C. R o g e rs, 4 o 5 5 
M o n tic e llo W a y , C o lle g e P a rk , 
G A 3 o 3 3 7 . 

A 2 C L lo y d D. R o o d , 6 9 8 1 s t Sec 
G p B o x 2 7 5 , A P O Se a ttle 9 8 7 4 2 . 

D a v id F. R o s s o r S h a ro n K. R o ss, 
6 2 o o T re n t Sq. B o x 19, A P O S a n 
Fra n cisco 9 6 2 7 4 . 

St A lp h o n s u t C h u rch C o n stru ctio n 
| 
Fund, 2 o o 4 C h ih u a h u a St., S a n 
A n to n io , T X 7 8 2 o 7 . 

S a n A n t o n io R e a l Esta te * I , 
1 1 6 2 S. G e n . M c M u lle n Dr., S a n 
A n to n io , T X 7 8 2 3 7 . 

IT V in c e n t C. Scott, Jr. o r M rs. 
V in c e n tC . Scott, Jr., 1 9 3 1 M a p le 
S h a d e Lane, R ich m o n d , V A 
2 3 2 2 7 . 

T rin id a d M . o r S im o n a S ilv a , 3 o 9 
S. Sa n M a n u e l, S a n A n to n io , T X 
7 8 2 3 7 . 

M a r g a r e t M . S m ile y , 4 5 6 1 
M a rio n , C y p re s s, C A 9 o 6 3 o . 

C A P T K e n n e th o . Sm ith, A p t 1 o 4 , j 
3 o 7 S. M a n h a tt a n Pl., Lot 
A n g e le s , C A 9 o o o 5 . 

C A P T W illia m J. S ta v e , Jr. o r M rs. 
W illia m J. S ta v e , Jr., U S A F -A L O 
H H C 2 B o I I IN F D IV , A P O S a n 
F ra n cisco 9 6 3 4 5 . 

C A P T J. K e v e n S u lliv a n , 2 8 
F re e b o rn St., N e w p o rt , TI o 2 8 4 o . 

2LT T h o m a s W . T le d e m a n n , 6 1 o 8 
D e w e y A v e ., In d ia n a p o lis , IN 
4 6 2 1 9 . 

B L O O D 
I 
? D O N A T IO N S ? 

BLOOD - PLASMA 
SERVICES O f 
SA N AN T O N IO 
N O W 
O P E N 
ACRO SS FROM 
, 
M U N ICIPAL AU DITO RIU M 
AT 
112 AU DITO RIU M CIR. 
Mon.-to SKX) AJA.-4:oo TM. 
CLOSED SAT. A SUN. 
$ PAID DONATIONS I 
OMI 
J 

NOTICE TO BIDDERS 

Seoled bids, in duplicate, on the origi­ nal fofms, stoned by on Officer of the 
Company, pill be received by the City 
Secretory of the City of Houston, Texas in Room 2o3, City Holt until 8 3o A M , 
Wednesday, June I, 1977 and oil bids will be opened and publicly read in the 
City Council (bomber ct 9 oo A M on that dote for the construction of o sanitary sewer force main and oil related appurtenances, os follows: 
ALMfOA TRUNK SANITARY SEWER 
DIVERSION OF THE SOUTHWEST 
PUMP STATION 
AND 48 INCH FORCE MAIN 
Wastewater Division Job No. 3378-2 
WPC Tex-1o6o 

(Approximately 5,17o ft. of 48 con crete lined cylinder pipe, steel pipe and ductile iron pipe forte main and appurtenances, including revision to 
Southwest Pump Station j 

Pions, specifications end necessary in­ formation may be obtained from the 
Wostewoter Division, City of Houston, 
Room P 1o3, City Hall Annex. 

No provisions have been mode for moiling pions and specifications to prospective bidders. 
Therefore no pions and specifications will be mailed to prospective bidders or other inter­ ested ponies. 

A deposit of S1oo OO (by check or money order mode payable to 
Wastewater Division, City of Hous­ ton") will be required for each set of pions and specifications. Every con­ tractor who submits a valid bid to the 
City Secretary ond returns to Room P 
1o3 City Holl Annex the plans ond spe­ cifications for this job not toter than 
IS days from bid date, will be refund­ ed his S1oo.oo deposit 

Bidders Bond, signed by both the 
Surety and the Bidder, Certified Check, or Cashier's Check in on amount equal to ten percent (1o % ) of the totol bid must accompany each proposal. 

Any contract or contracts awarded un­ der this Invitation for Bids are expect­ ed to be funded in port by a gront 
(rom the United States Environmental 
Protection 'Agency. Neither the United 
Stoles nor any of its deportments, agencies, or employees is or will be o party to this Invitation for Bids or any resulting contract: This procurement will be subject to regulations contain­ ed in 4o CFR 35.936, 35.938, ond 35.939 
(OU*! OPPORTUNITY IN IMP1oYM1NT 

BIDDERS ON THIS WORK W ill BE RE­ 
QUIRED TO COMPIY WITH THE PRESI 
DENT S EXECUTIVE ORDER NOS 11246 
AND 11375. THE REQUIREMENTS FOR 
BIDDERS 
AND 
CONTRACTORS 
UNDER 
THIS ORDER ARE EXPLAINED IN THE 
SPECIFICATIONS. 

The City may waive any informalities or minor defects or reject oily or oil' bids. Award will be mode to the lowest responsive, responsible Bidder. 
Dote: April 27, 1977 
A N N A RUSSELL 
C ity Se c re tary 

Buying or Seiling 
CALL 

The follow ing are cashier's checks 

 outstanding over seven yeors, 

 identifiable by payees: 

M ic h a e l A . B ro w n , U n k n o w n . 

R ic h a rd I. D o rse y , U n k n o w n . 

Jose lin o fste v e su U n k n o w n . 

S o u th e rn N a tio n a l B o n k , 
U n k n o w n . 

The C o rp o ra tio n T ru st Co., 
U n k n o w n 

G u a d a lu p e o r R a u l Z o m a rrip a , 
U n k n o w n . 

HOURS 

8 A .M . to 
5:3o P.M. 

M O N D A Y thru FR ID A Y 
REALTOR 
K n o w Y o u r REALTO R 

I M 
— Pen on ab 
1o7— Business Personal* 
1 oB — tost and Found 
11o 
Special Notices 
1 1 2— Professional Notices 
I 1 4 — Insert ai rainout 
I I * — Lodge Notices 
I 2 o — Bide A Proposals 
I 2 2 — Official Putti (cations 
I 24-IXLegal Notices 

D oing much more than helping you buy a n d sell real estate ... your 
Realtor is your voice in m any forums ... speaking out in behalf of p ro ­ perty owners, always with your best interests in mind. O n matters of land u sag e planning, taxation, industrial expansion, maintaining pro­ perty values, urban improvements a n d government relations, your 
Realtor is your spokesman. Always as close as your telephone, he is waiting to discuss real estate matters with you at any time. 

See o n e of these p ro fe ssio n a ls for all your real estate transactions. 

PUBLIC HEARING NOTICE 

Medina Independpnt School Dist­ rict (K 12 School), P o Bo* 1415, 
Medina, Texas 78oSS, has applied to the Texas Water Quality Board for a permit to allow for a discharge of domestic sewage effluent from a sewage treatment plant to serve a population equivalent of 25S people, which is to be located on the Medina school campus on College Avenue in 
Medina, Bandera County, Texas. 

It is proposed that the treated domestic sewage effluent will be discharged into Smith Hollow, thence to the Medina River, thence to the 
San Antonio River 

A Hearing Commission of the Texos 
Water Quality Board will hold a public hearing on this application which bos been fixed for 

1o oo am — June 14, 1977 

REA Building Auditorium 

Bandera Electric Cooperative 

Bandera, Texos 

 to receive evidence on the con­ ditions, if ony, under which the permit may be issued, and to determine whether State Certifica­ tion in accordance with Section 4o1 of the federal Woter Pollution Con trol Act Amendments of 1972 may be issued 

Hearing Authority: Sections 21 o73 ond 21.o8o of the Texas Water Code: ond Rules 13o OI.5o ond 13o o1 52 of the Rules of Practice ond Procedure of the Texas Water Quality Board. 

The record of this proceeding will include evidence token at the Public 
Hearing os well as information in the official files of the Boord. 

The healing may be continued horn time to time and place to place, if necessary, to develop all relevant evidence bearing on the subject of the hearing. 
Further information concerning ony aspect of the discharge, if available, may be ob­ tained by writing John Sutton, Hear­ ings Division, Texas Woter Quality 
Board, 
P. 
o. Box 
13246, 
Capitol 
Station, 
Austin, 
Texas 
78711, 
Telephone (512) 475 7851 

2o1 — Im ) fit a t* Notice* 
2o 2— O p6n Howtos 
7 o 4 — O u t o f T o w n 
2 o6— Condominium*— 
T o w n h o u s e s 
2 o 7 — 
H isto rica l an d 
O ld e r H o m e s 
2 o8— Apartments, 
Duplexes 
2 1 o — Houses— Northeast 
2 1 2 — Houses— Northwest 
214— How s 
Southeast 
216— Houses— Southwest 
21 8 — 
M o v e d -W r e c k e d 
22o— Houses for Trode 
224— Houses, Sole or 
Rent 
22 6— Suburbon 
Property— Acreage 
2 2 8 — Resort Properties 
2 3o— U t* 
231 — Investment 
Property 
232— Form* ond Ranches 
234— Farm*, and Ranches for Rent 
236— Commercial 
Property— Sole 
238— Commercia* 
Property (Lease) 
24o— Commercial 
Property (W anted) 
242— Industrial Property for Sole 
244— Industrial Property for loose 
2 46— Industrial Property 
W anted 
248— Office Space for 
Lease 
2 5o— Office Space 
W anted 
252— Real Estate Sell or 
Exchange 
254— Real Estate W anted 
256— Real Estate 
Loans— Notes 
258— Real Estata Loans 
W o n t e d _________ _______ 

J A A A tour tickets lo Spain. M a y 
24-June 7. Reasonable, 341-5o88 
D A T E S G A L O R E * M e e t L o c a l singles. 
Call 
Dateline toll free 
8oo-451-3245.____________ 
(This is a partial list of R iA LT O H S “in and a r o u n d " S a n A n t o n io 

D 
G. G ives T h a n k s tor G race 
Received. 
A D A M S, KEIFER & M c B a in 
4414 Centerview Dr Smit 219 
733 8187 
DEANIE OW ENS CO., REALTORS 
S I O m a 
S3? 524' 
EDYTHE B. COOPER, REALTOR 
14? W Rhapsody 
341 3176,341 186/ 

 b o b M cG in n i s r l a l t o r s 
575o fiederuksbuig Rii i ii 
F O R H E L P with an unwed p re g­ nancy, call E d n a G lad n ey Hom e, 
Ft Worth, T X 1-8oo-792-11o4_____ 
FRANCES ALTGEIT REALTY 
Pele i led O'Neill 
876 
DEANIE OW ENS CO., REALTORS 
» W Office 
67S 78So m a r t i n e z R e a l t o r s 
F o r help with m ath, ch e m istry, biology. 927-4o96 P riv ate tutor. 
CORNELIUS & ASSOCIATES 
4412 Rittman 
878 ( 
6539 Bundeia 
R o o m m a t e n e e d e d to s h a r e apartm ent? 344-1516_____________ 
ASSOCIATED REALTY 

3 Convenient locations 
8 
DEANIE OW ENS CO., REALTORS 

>o lentic! Oft 
*>74 731 1 
MONTE VISTA REALTY 
148 I Kultur he 
73 
W om an with 5 yr old son w ants to s h a r e h o u se o r a p l. 
R e f. exchanged, Call, Dee, 349-2121 
NELSON CORY, REALTORS 
31o West Sunset Rood 
824 
BASSE-WEILBACHER, REALTORS 
Independents— giving personalized service 

349 1436 
111o2 West Ave 

POGUE & POGUE, INC 
>51o Bioadway 
82 
M O R T O N SOUTHWEST REALTY 
161? Perrin Bedel 
655 6848 
DALCO REAL ESTATE 
A N E W M A S S A G E L O C A T IO N outside city, open 7 d a y s 'til 2am 
Prof. m a sse u se s. 1223o 1H35 N between O 'Conner & Judson R d s 

91? Oblate 
VERN BOSTER 
THELMA B. P R U SSM A N 
75o4 Naioqdoihes 
82( 
NAYLO R REALTY 
“ The G a llery 
O f H o m e s 
996? Wuilbarh 
691 I 

5439 Waite Rd 
656 5 

2714 Cincinnati 
FAMILY REALTY 
F O X Y L A D Y E s c o r t a n d Photo 
Studio 349 8971, 12 lo 12_________ 
3o26 Hillcrest 
DON BOUCHELLE & CO. INC 

1759 Jackson Keller 
341 4 
REQUA REALTY CO 
51o8 Bioadway 
BILLY FELLOWS & ASSOCS. 
1o775 ironside 
69o 
CENTURY 21 DeLANEY REALTY 
2433 Austin Hwy. 
653-o55 
STRAUDER NELSON REALTY ms al McCullough 
878 S6/1 
PROFESSIONAL REALTY 
9ooo Wuuhmh SuHe 7o7 
696 533o 
CENTURY 2 1 — ELAINE LUDW IG 
& ASSOCIATES * 
87o3 Wunboch Rd 
69113o1 

JOHN FLOURNOY CO. REALTORS 
14o7 Jackson Kellei 
341 77o1 
NORTH LOOP, INC., REALTORS 
748 B Rittiman Rd 
878 563 
RED CARPET, REALTORS 

71o1 lotkhill Selmn 
347 311 1 
RED CARPET, REALTORS 

81o7 Rouqhiidft Walrem 
653 636(4 

RED CARPET, REALTORS 

72/ Babrock al Callaghan 
341 44H4 

RED CARPET, REALTORS 

7515 Nacogdoches Rd Suite A 
878 8I9 S 
........ 
.................... —r. 

DIXIE ROSE, REALTOR 
5679 Bioadway 
824 /334, Anytime 

Given by the Foxiest G irls in San 
Antonio. Best place to Re lax and unwind. “ Feel Better F a st'1. O ut­ side City Lim its. Open 1o:3o a m to 
4am. B ig D isco u n ts! North Side. 
P A R IS 
R U B S , 
492-2994 
E S C O R T S ._______________________ 

CENTURY 2 1 - B IL L P A R KIN S 
REALTY i35 Naco Perrin 
653-8131 
DEANIE O W EN S CO. REALTORS uslin Hwy Ole 
874 73V> 

CENTURY 2 1 - R . R . R A N SO M 
REALTY 
74oS Hwy 9o West 
673 771 

Sealed bid proposals addressed to the Owners will be received in the 
Administrative Office of the North 
East 
Independent 
School 
District, 
1o333 Broadway, Son Antonio, Texas 

Work will consist of the furnishing of all labor ond materials necessary for the proper construction of a pre engineered metal building with structural concrete foundation for the swimming pool filter and heating system at the Northeast Stadium 

Bids will be received until May 77, 
1977, at 3:oo PM and then will be publicly opened and read aloud 

Plans and Specifications are uvoit able ar R W Opitz and Associates, 
31o W. Sunset Road, San Antonio, for n deposit of $2o.oo, a 5 % Bid Bond or 
Cashier s (heck is required. 

North 
East 
Independent 
School 
District, c o Dr. Ivan W 
Eitzwater, 
Superintendent, 
1o333 
Broadway, 
San Antonio, Texos— Owners. 

R. W Opitz ond Associates, 31o W 
Sunset Road, San Antonio, Texas, 
782o9 (ivil Engineers. 

C. M. FURR CO 
( J Ondrusek, Realtor 
DEANIE O W ENS CO., REALTORS 
Bandera Rd Ole. 
684 4331 
On O ur E x o tic M a s s a g e s . T h is 
Week, M eet Lynn, M is s 4o-24-36. at P A R IS R U B B , Open IO:3o am to 4 :oo am 492-2994. 
CENTURY 21 GLASCOCK 
ASSOCIATES 
6176 Montgomery Or. 
6S6 
13337 Son Pedro 
494 

FORTUNA ASSOCIATES 
DEANIE O W EN S CO., REALTORS 
Blanco Rd Oh 
349 434: 
M A S S A G E S B Y 
P E A N U T '. B y appt, 9am-5pm. 2617 No. M ain. 
736-o411 
___________________ 

Unclaimed freight for sale by bid at 9 a m. on Monday, May 23, 1977 at Red Arrow Freight lines, Ware­ house Department, San Antonio, Tex as 

I. I carton of Auto Parts, once con­ signed to 
J 
Williamson in 
Brownsville, Texas (Ref 
(laim 
o4219) 

2 
I drum Wash (ompound, once consigned to Farm S Ranch (e n ­ ter in Iola, Texas (Ref: ll 61 -77) 

3. 8 cartons Plunge, once consigned to fleming Foods at San Antonio, 
Texos (Reb U-62-77) 

4. 27 cartons Vanish'Endust, once consigned to Fleming Foods of 
Son Antonio, Texos (Ref: U-63- 

TOM G ARRISO N, REALTOR 
666 S W Military Dr 
924 I 
SAN ANTO NIO REAL ESTATE 
3231 West Ave 
349 6 
M N T A IS 
CENTURY 21-M O N EYSA V ER S 
REALTY 
12122 El Sendero 
656 74 
— Mobile Homes for 
Rent 
— Apartments Furn. 
—Housekeeping Apt. 
Firm. 
— Apartments, Unfum. 
—Houses, Duplexes— 
Furnished 
—Houses, Duplexes— 
Unfurnished 
—Houses, Rent or Sell 
—Rooms, Furnished 
—Rooms, Unfurnished 
—Rooms with Board 
-“Wont to Rent or 
Lease 

SAN D ISO N REALTY 
GREAT A M ER IC A REALTOR 
47o4 Gardendale 
69o 5 
D IA N IE O W EN S CO., REALTORS lorkhill Selma Oh 
34V 353' 
CENTURY 21 SCHNEIDER REALTY 
6233 Evers Rd , Ste A 
684 77oC 
(leon Volley) 
SEITZ & ASSOCIATES, REALTORS 

See Seitz toi Homesite! 
874 23BS. 
L y n d ia o n d S a n d y a r e H e r e ! 
Those 2 Super C h ick s from Velvet 
Touch. P A R IS - R U B B , 492-2994 
REESE HENRY, REALTOR 
11626 El Sendero 
6S5 
CENTURY 21-STEVENS-ROHDE 
81 SI Broadway 
828-554 
Scientific-Professional 

CEN TU R Y"?I W HITEHEAD 

5838 Jame, 
H o U , D A Y 
684 37 
11785 West Ave 
34171 
7717 Bandera Rd. 
*68182 

H & H REALTY 
36o4 Fredericksburg Rd 
UmveisQl (tty 
DEANIE O W EN S CO., REALTORS 
N I loop Oh 
828 639 
SNECKNER A ASSOCIATES 
7774 Blanco 
342 
M atc h m ak e r tnc. 3 44 -n ts 
JO NES-KING REALTY 
DEANIE O W EN S CO., REALTORS i West Oh 
344 62o7 
53o7 Broadway 
CENTURY 21 N AT IO N A L REAL 

ESTATE 
5o34 Military Dr. W 
674 44 
7o47 Military Or. W 
674 /7 

TERRILL REALTY 
5748 'Munhall) 
B ig brow n dog found at M issio n 
Chevrolet, M a y ii. 224-4136 
B U S I N ! S S 

O P P O « T U N I T I f S 
5. I drum (hemicol, IS pails Petro 
Based Products, once consigned to Josh Young ot Corpus Christi, 
Texos. (Ref: U-64 77) 

6. 4? pails Paint, once consigned to 
Gorman & Co at Huntsville, Tex­ as. (Ref.: U 65 77) 

7. I carton Lube, once consigned to 
Primrose Oil Co. at Dallas, Texas 
(Ref.: U 66 77) 

8 3 pieces Glass Panels, once con­ signed to Bell Construction at 
Bay City, Texas. (Ref.: U-67-77) 

9 4 cartons Drain Opener, once consigned to Yale Village Apart­ 

 ments at Houston, Texas. (Ref: 
U 68 77) 

IO. I carton Subs and Manvel, once consigned to Houston Coating at 
Houston, Texas (Ref U-69 77) 

 ll 
7 cartons light Fixtures, once consigned to Charles Clark Chev. at McAllen, Texos. (Ref: U-7o-77) 

These goods can be inspected by appointment at the above address on the day of sale only by contacting Mr 
Thomas Walker at 653-3612. Goods will be sold by sealed bids only and the teims will be cash at time of sole. 
Red Arrow Freight tines reserves the right to rejct any and all bids 

F O U N D ; G r a y A f g h a n H o u n d 
R iver Rood Area. 736-1312. 
Invitation For Bids 
D IA N IE O W EN S CO., REALTORS 
•errm Bedel Oh. 
656 3ooo 
— Business 
Opportunities 
—Business O ppor­ tunities W anted 
—Money to Lend 
—Financial— Invest­ ments 
—Oil Propostions 
—Money W onted 
—Instrut tions 
— Instructions W anted 

3633 Culebro 
Found, young Siam e se cat, vicin- ity Irvington, 824-1231 ofter 6 pm 
Sealed Bids in duplicate will be receiv­ 

 ed until 2 OO P M , July IS, 1977, by 

 the Assistant General Manager, San 

Antonio Transit System, 8oo W Myrtle 

 to provide Excess Workman s Compen­ sation 
Insurance covering all em­ 

 ployees of the Son Antonio Transit 

System-Transit Board of Trustees for a 

Period of one year, from July 29, 1977 

 to July 29, 1978. Bid forms ond speci­ 

 fications may be obtained in the loss 

Control Dept, 8oo W Myrtle. All bids received shall be publicly opened at 

2:oo P M , friday, July IS, 1977. 

W a y n e M . C o o k 
A ssistant General M an a ge r 
San Antonio Iro n ist System 

CENTURY 21 D O U G LAS REAL 

ESTATE 

833 Bandera Rd 
434-3) 

L O S T : b la c k S a m s o n it e b r ie f cose, Sat, M o v 7. C ontains school p a p e r s a n d c y t o lo g y te x t. 
I H 35-1H 37- 
C o m m e rce area. 
826-6226 
____ 

BA R BA R A ZOLLER, REALTOR 

684 4747 
681 14 
DEANIE O W EN S CO., REALTORS 
673 2271 
BEULAH M A E KELLER A ASSOC. 
226 Windsor 
736 OO 
Security Service Oh 

Lost: blue tick m ale Coon Hound, 
C h e rry R id g e - D e w h u r s t a re a . 
Rew ard! 684-861o d ays, 349-o379 nites 
_ 
LO ST : faw n colored C hihuahua in v ic in ity of W. H o lly w o o d -W e s t 
Ave. R E W A R D ! 736-4714_______ 
I M P L O Y M I N T 
L O ST : I gre y m in iatu re poodle, m ale, no ID . B a n d e r a H illc re st area. Rew ord. 432-o252 anytim e. 
In San A n to n io , the Fiesta City M a y 8 to 14 
—Professional 
-Sa le s 
— Technical 
— Resum es 
— Adm inistrative— 
Financial 
—Secretarial 
—Office A Clerical 
—Medical 
—Skills-Trades 
—Food-Drinb Services 
—Part Time 
—Help W anted 
Miscellaneous 
—Domestic 
— Situations W anted 

 i _ R * A i T O I 
L O S T : Ir is h Se tte r, ap p 4 yrs. 
So u th cro ss-P le asan to n R d area. 
R E W A R D ! 923-8262. 
_ 
L O S T : M a y 2, fe m o le tan-w hite m ixed wire terrier. B ellaire area. 
R E W A R D ! 
After 
Spm 
326 
Langford.________________________ 
Seoled bid proposals will be received by the Boord of Trustees of the North 
East Independent School District for the following items at the times shown- 
SANDING GYM FLOORS • 2:oo p.m.. 
Monday, May 16, 1977 
LAUNDRY DETERGENT • 2:oo p.m., Wed­ nesday, May 18, 1977 
CONVECTION OVENS • 3.oo p.m., Wed­ nesday, May 18,1977 
RENOVATION OF IOO WING MACARTHUR 
• 3:3o p.m., Wednesday, May 18, 1977 
ATHLETIC EQUIPMENT (MEDICAL) - 3:oo p.m., Tuesday, May 24, 1977 
VOCATIONAL SUPPLIES • 2 oo p.m., 
Tuesday, May 24, 1977 
BASKETBALL EQUIPMENT - 2oo p m , 
Tuesday, May 31, 1977 
Bid forms may be picked up prior to bid opening in the office of the Direr tor of Purchasing, N.E.I.S.D., 1o333 
Broadway. Son Antonio, Texos 

LO ST : poodle, fem ale, m ed size, 
B ellaire area. 923-4746___________ j n m n n r r i lr............rr.............. f............. . 
S 
A s a result of interest sh o w n b y m o n y prospective hom e ■ 

S buyers the Express-N ew s real es tate Classified will have a I 

| new section especially for older hom es 
These m ay be in ■ 
3 historical areas or merely hom es in older areas of Sa n An 3 

S fonio. 
I s s g 
At a meeting in the River H o u se , 5 o 9 King William, on S 
3 W ed. the I I th a varied respresentative group sh o w e d en- 5 
2 thusiasm for buying, restoring or sim ply m aintaining these 3 

S h o m e s of a n o th e r g e n e ra tio n . The theme of the m eeting w as 5 
^ tied into the d o w n to w n d e v e lo p m e n t o s most of these • 
5 neighborhoods are close in to our urban area. 
__ 

3 
Because of this interest a n d the difficulty n e w co m e rs m ay 5 
3 h o v e in finding these older parts of town a classification for J 
3 this particular m arket will be in the real estate classified sec 
~ 
5 lion os a guide. Classification 2 o 7 . 
— E thel M a r k e X 

— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
W M W M B I M M H Iim fit 

LO ST : R e w ard offered for m ale 
G e rm a n Sh e p h e rd . A n sw e r s to 
' Bo''. W oodlaw n area. 734-2o21 or 
E d d iP 221-5oo8___________________ 
Looking for a new hom e? 

TODAY'S YOUR L U C K Y D A Y . . . 

H igh C o u n try Estates 
6 5 6 -4 4 7 1 

$42,1oo to SSS,75o 
Nacogdoches at Judsoni 

M e a d o w W o o d N o rth 
4 9 4 - 6 1 6 3 

$33,75o to $42,25o 
Jones Maltsbgr at Thous Oaks 

The G re a t N o rth w e st 
6 8 4 -1 I 23 

$39,275 to $59,1oo 
IM 471 a1 Culebro 

• VA, Conventional • Fireplacas • Double Garages 

• North East or Norlhside Schools. 

Coates Development Co. 
Courtesy to Brokers 

| PREFERRED PROPERTIES 

| 
OPEN 2:3 o -5 :3 o 
' 

PRICE REDU CED 
1 
IOO S. GARDENVIEWi 
(Castle 
Hills flowered bricked, harbor entry to this lovely brick’ lone story 4 3 7, exciting glossed/ tfomtly room (FP). Sec this! 

I 15815 DOE LANE 1 
'University Hills, loop 16o4, west 
Ila White fawn, right ta Hum­ mingbird, left to Doe Lane Very I 
(appealing burk on V* acre 3 2 2, 
.den (FP) Beamed ceilings in deni lurid master bedroom 
Sprinkler isystem 
Near Medical Complex,' llJSAA, UTSA 
I 
PRICE REDU CED 

I 
251o DANBURY 
1 
Two blocks north of loop 41o| 
(last Completely redecorated in- 
.terior und exterior. 3-2-2, living-1 
Minina room (or lorge family iroom) glassed to covered patio.' 
'lot 11oX2oo NE Schools 
, 

(8 26-2347 
REALTORS 

Lost Se alp oin t S ia m e se , tag no. 
1626, tip s o f to e s a r e w h ite . 
Reward. 2o8 Fre em an, 434-7157. 
Lost white fem ale Spitz, vicinity 
Perrin Beitel. Re w ord. 655-o979. 

Lost, 8 Y r old fat tan and white dog, female, black collar, rew ard, 
696-3)46 or 227-7571.______________ 

AUTOMOTIVf 

7o1 — Antiques-Colleeter* 
7o2-726— Sports, Foreign 
73o-743— Car*— For Solo or Trade 
744— Customized Cor*— 
Speed-Racing Equip. 
746— Trucks A Commercial 
Trailer*— Buses 
748— Motorcycle*— 
Scooter* 
7 SO— W onted-Auto*, 
Trucks, Trailer*, 
Motorcycle* 
752— General Auto 
Repair 
754— Tire*— Ports — 
Accessories 
756— Auto, 
Financing— Loans 
758— Aircraft 
Service*— Supplies 

Lost Red Irish Setter pup, 4 m os old. 
H arlandaie area. 
927-2518 
922-5976 _________________________ 
W HY LIST 
YOUR HOME 
FOR 9o DAYS???! 
L st m e m a k e y o u a c a th offe r. Top d o lla r p a id fo r y o u r h o m e o r e q u ity a n d I w ill p a y all c lo sin g co st*. 
P ro m p t o n d efficie n t » e rv - 
Ice. Y o u r M o n e y o n Title 
C heck! B ro k e r o n d a t t o r ­ n e y le a d * p a id l 
. 
. 
_ _ 349-6531 
5. A . K .E . 24 Hours 

A U D IT O R IU M 
A ir c o n d itio n e d fo r w e d d in g s, receptions, dances, etc. H olds up to 45o p e o p le . G r e a t e r S . A. 
Builder Assoc. 8925 N.W. lH-1o. 
696-38oo_________________________ 
A A auger Service trenching and sm all backhoe excavation, quick se rv ic e se w e r a n d w a te r lin e s installed or repaired. 341-6124 

N O D O W N P A Y M E N T 
A N Y O N E C A N B U Y G o ve rnm ent a c q u ir e d p r o p e r t ie s . 3-4 b e ­ d ro o m s, 2 bath h o m e s in g o o d area. Cal! today for details 
R E A L T O R 
691-13oo 

Invitation for Bids 
Century 21 
Alm ost Fre e Transp ortation 
For D etails C a ll; 224-2221. 
E L A IN E L U D W IG A A S S O C 
Sealed bids in duplicate will be 

 received until 2oo pm., May 23, 

1977, by the 
Assistant 
General 

Manager, 
San 
Antonio 
Transit 

System, 8oo W Myrtle, to provide 

 fire 8 lightning Insurance on all 

 buses belonging to the San Antonio 

Transit 
System-Transit 
Board of 

Trustees. 8id forms and Specifications 

 may be obtained in the loss Control 

Dept , 8oo W 
Myrtle 
Bids will be opened at 2:oo p m , May 23, 1977. 

W ayne M. Cook 

Assistant General M an a ge r 

San Antonio Transit System 

 it Hr it it it it it it Hr Hr A + Hr Hr , 
J 
ALAMO HEIGHTS 
J 
J 
335 ARGYLE 
J 

4 
O P E N 2 — 
5 
* 

J large 
2 story 
VICTORIAN j j 
* 1oWNHoUSE 
4 bediooms, 
3 * 
4 baths, 
+ quarters, 
+ 
2 cor J 
4 garage Adjacent to Argyle Club, 4 i 
♦ Beautiful yard and deck 4 : 
>♦■ overlooking 
Olmos 
Basin l r j 
4-$126,ooo 
* | 
J 826-7791 or 82 2 -9 6 6 1 * ie Hr it Hr Hr it it Hr H iifM Hr-k Hr 
- 
E X C E P T I O N A L G O O D B U Y 
! 
F IR S T T IM E A D V E Fe T IS E O . 4 bedroom s with lots of closets, 2 i baths with linen, se parate fam ily i ro o m w ith fir e p la c e a n d b o o k ­ cases, living, dining, p la y ro o m , complete built-in kitchen, pantry, com pletely carpeted, utility room , with sink, double ga ra g e , lots of e x tra storage , ce n tra l heot-otr. 
Ap prox 
27oo sq.ft. $62,5oo, 3714 I 
N E W R O C K , C o lo n ie s N o r t h 
O P E N H O U S E S U N D A Y 2 6 P M 
F R E D S C H U L Z E 563 5o74 

REALTY WORLD 

HERITAGE PARK 

M ID 4 o ’S 

IN SAN PEDRO Hills AREA 

NEW HOMES MELTON GEORGE 

ENT. 

CORNER BROO KH OLIO W AN D 

HIEMER 

14211 SU SAN CREST 

3-2-2, slightly Contemporary, large den, beamed ceilings with fire­ place, spacious dining, master bedroom has sitting area, double patio with view 

171o4 A U TU M W O O D S 

3-22, large beamed den, with fireplace, country kitchen, spacious dining, split bedrooms, rooster very large Open from I till dark 

49 4 -1 6 o 1 
4 9 4 -3 o 1 2 
REALTY WORLD 
* COMPASS REALTY J 

Creative A rts Studio 
1616 NW 24th St., 735-o349 
D once -M usic Les.-Puppetry 
OPEN 4-6 
1o7 WYNDALE 
Beautifully maintained home in 
Northwood, priced lu sell Newly decorated built-in kitchen and family room opens onto shaded lot with patio 3 bediooms, 2 large baths. Must see 828 1967 

OPEN 2-5 
1o45 WILSHIRE 
Comfortable 
Terrell Hills home 
Beautifully kept, bright and open 
3 patios— pretty lot 
3 2 
826 
3349 
CAROLYN GRAHAM 

Realtor 
82 6 8 6 73 Anytim e 

Anyone can buy. Vets d o n ’t use th e ir e lig ib ility , 3-4 b e d ro o m s, som e with air and 2 baths, som e with air, all appliances, paym ents less than rent 
B O B D e P A O L O 
344 3o91_______________ R E A L T O R 
Q U IC K cash for your eauity 
We pay closing costs 
L a H o m a Properties, Inc. 
_____________349-2679 
S E L L IN G Y O U R O W N H O M E ? ? 
Need action now? List it with 
H art M c C o rm ic k Re alto r 344-5564 

PRE-OWNED-NEW 
HoMES-RENTALS 
Anywhere In San Antonio 
D A Y O R NITE 
655-6848 
Concerned W ith The 

W a y You Live 

4 
^ 
3 
^ m o r t e m 
■ 
I f l j ■ s m i t H v t * * * . I 
U R I r e o l t i i 

■ I C U I A Z IO N A L 
Hourly or d aily A u d ito riu m and 
Party room beautiful North Side 
Location,, greot for m usic, clubs, p a r t ie s , w e d d in g r e c e p t io n s , m e e t in g s of a il k in d s . C a ll 
344-4539. N e a r N o r th S t a r a n d 
Central P ark M all._______________ 

SO I — Campers— -Trailers 
Bo2— Motor Homo* 
8o4— Boats, Motors 
Bo6— Sporting Good* 
SOB— Hunting A Fishing 
H e lp ! lf you w itn e sse d the a c ­ cident on A pril 12, 1977 involving a ga so lin e tank tru c k and a 1971 
Ford Torino, I m ile No of Center 
Point on Hw y 27, please call R a y 
Farley, collect 224-1o75 in San 
Antonio. _______________________ 
J IF F Y P R E S S new printing and c o p y in g store 49o9 W a lz e m R d 
( a c r o s s W in d s o r P a r k M o l l) opening soon! 
The Best M a ssa g e s in Tow n are n t 
Pom peii M a ssa g e , now with Kitty, 
Chris, Dale, M elanie, W anda, Sa- ro, Rose. 1138 B asse, 735-515o. 
T h o u s a n d O a k s , 
G o ld C a r d 
Charter M em be rsh ip , $75o. After 
6 oopm 494-7169__________________ 

NEED ROOM 
WANT QUALITY 

M O B I L ! H O M I S 
W anted to buy: Sm a ll equity in 
N orlhside home. U nder 13ooo. N o agents pleosc. 337-6613 
81o — M obil* Horn* Sal* 
811 — M obil* Hora* 
■•pairs— Insurant* 
812— M obil* Hora* bark* 

W H Y P A Y R E N T ? Ow n your own hom e, no do w n p a y m e n t to a n ­ yone! P aym e n ts less than rent. 
Lloyd M ontgo m ery 
658-18o6 

N e w ho m e s by 

M elto n G e o rg e Int. 

1o1 SHADY TRAIL - fustic ran­ 

 ch, spacious 4 bedroom, I living 

 aiea, formal dining, plenty of 

 room for large fomily on cut de 

 soc 

•A Best Deal E q u ity* 
C a sh in full I day! t buy hom es only. Any condition or areo. B ig e q u ity O K . I p a y e v e r y t h in g ! 
( B r o k e r a n d a t t o r n e y s le a d s puid) Call 24 hours. 433-3295 ask for Adolph. 828-4817 nites.________ 

A T T E N T IO N G O V T O W N E D 
H O M E S for sole. Dow n paym ent 
$2o and up G R E A T E R V A L U E 
R E A L T Y , 651-6143_______________ 

Notice of the N am es of Persons 

Appearing as the 
O w ners of 

Unclaimed Am ounts Held By: 

KELLY FIELD 
NATIONAL BANK 
P. o, BO X 2 8 o 1 o 

SAN ANTO NIO , TEXAS 

782 8 4 

This notice is given and published pursuant to 
Section 
3, 
Article 
3272b, Revised Civil Statutes of the State of Texas, in an effort to locate persons w ho are the depositors or ow ners of am ounts in accounts that have rem ained inactive or dorm ant according to the provisions of Article 3272b for m ore than seven (7) years. 

The unclaim ed am ounts due the depositors or ow ners listed herein will be paid upon proof of ow nership at the office of the named depository w ithin nine (9) months, and if unclaim ed thereaf­ ter they m ay be subject to report to and conservation by the State 
Treasurer in accordance with said 
Article 3272b. 

$SG T E le a n o r A. A d d ,* o r S h e lle y 
M . A d d n , 3 1 5 R e v lo n D riv e , S a n 
A n to n io , T X 7 8 3 5 7 . 

Sp 4 A b e l S. A t e v e d o , 1 9 4 9 
S ilo w a y St., S a n A n to n io , T X . 

2LT E u g e n e M . B on, P. O . B o x 
5 5 3 , R a n d o lp h AFB, T X 7 8 1 4 B . 

B a n d P a re n t* C lu b o f the 
E d g e w o o d Jr. H i Sc h o o l, I 5 o la k e V o lle y , S a n A n to n io , T X 
7 8 3 3 7 . 

M r. A a r o n J. B e g n a u *. Rt. I, B o x 
1 5 3 , Scott, LA 7 o 5 8 3 . 

9o1— Busin*** Equipment 
9o3— Building M at*rials 
9 o5— PoF+abl* building* 
9o7— Furn tow* 
9o9— Pawn Brokers 
91 o— Appliances 
9 1 2 — Flea M arkets 
91 4— Antique* 
916— Artf, Craft*, Imports 
918— Coins A Jewelry 
9 2 o — Cam era— Photo 
Equip. 
9 2 2 — Musical Instruments 
9 2 4 — Nurse ria*, Garden 
926 
Machinery— Tools 
92 8 — Merchandise M art 
9 2 9 — G arage Sales 
93 o— Merchandise W anted 
9 3 2 — Auction Sale 
9 3 4 — Business Directory 

O P E N 2 OO to 5:3o 
Just listed! All b rick sp a c io u s 4 bedroom 2 bath ho m e in W IN D 
C R E S T 
B e a u tifu l a n d c lo se to schools, shopping and re cre atio n ­ al Center*. C o m e b y ! 6SS-933o, 
822-1223 

O P E N 3 -5 
S P A C IO U S fa m ily ho m e, 3 b e ­ droom s, 2 baths, built-in kitchen adjoins la rge fam ily room . 
824-o284. 

Top cash paid for yo ur old new­ spapers and co rru gate d . 815 C e ­ r a g o A A B C O P A P E R ST O C K 
137 RIDGE TRAIL - elegant 2 

 living area, 3 bedroom, large 

 beamed den, corner fireplace, 

 country kitchen, covered patio 
L e t u s m a k e a C A S H o ffe r fo r your hom e or eauity. Colt now! 
The 
H om e 
M o rt 
6SS-12o1 
Charter your own flight! B usiness trips, fishing trips, you nam e it, we ll fly it! 1-866-3471 
_ 
C IR C L E D S U M M E R C A M P 
B astro p, Tx., A g e s 6-13. F o r in­ form ation Call 1-321-5142 
IN T E R N A T IO N A L E S C O R T A N D 
T O U R A G E N C Y ! F o r fascinating tours of San Antonio, bv day or by night, In te rn a tio n a t E s c o r t an d 
Tour Se rvice is the answ er. Fo r in d iv id u a l o r g r o u p to u r*, I N ­ 
T E R N A T IO N A L can show you the best spots in town. 349-4861_______ 
Private T o ur G u id e for children a g e s 8-12, O r g a n iz e d co -e d u ca - tional g r o u p s now fo rm in g tor trios to historic sites, m u se um s, p o rk s, la k e s , th e a tr e , n a tu r e hikes. 5 week p ro g ra m . SISO or 
*35 weekly. 
C all 
681-o913 for details._______ __________ ________ 

HOLLYWOOD PARK - V, oat 

 lots, low taxes, prestige area 

OPEN IO TIL DARK 

494-16o1 
4 9 4 -3 o 1 2 

B u y Real Estate cheap su b scrib e to the 
Foreclosure 
Report, 
223-699o 

A L L B R IC K 3 bedroom IV* bath 
H O M E B U IL T O N Y O U R LO T 
$16,95o IOU G ard in a off W. A ve 
S P E C IA B U IL D E R S Inc.349-1491 

824-7334, A nytim e 
O P E N 2-5 
T w o 3-2-2 b r ic k h o m e s w ith p r i v a c y f e n c e s a n d lo v e ly c o v e r e d p a tio s, p r ic e d b e lo w m a r k e t r e p la c e m e n t v a lu e to r quick sell. O nly 2>/j ye ar old, m id 
3o$. 
REAL ESTATE 

F O R Y O U R H O M E O R E Q U IT Y 
W E P A Y A L L C L O S IN G C O S T S 
924-4331 
H U G H E S & B R IS C O E 

IN C O L O N IE S N O R T H , lo v e ly 
4-2-2, prestige areo. Open house 
2-6. L lo y d Booth bu ild er. D a v id 
POZZI, R E A L T O R 349-4195. 
REALTY WORLD 
COMPASS REALTY 
Century 21 
C a sh tor your N orthside equity 
L a rr y Bqrnebey341-4455, 684-29o9 
3 -B e d ro o m , 2 -Bath, b e a u tifu lly rem odeled inside an d out. N e w c a r p e t t h o u g h o u t O p e n e v e r- yday. 4823 New com e, 341 4538. 

W hitehead Holiday 
IM M E D IA T E C A S H 
F o r Y o ur Hom e We p ay all clo s­ in g costs! We also take trades. 
C all 
494-5S71 
635-8474 
532-3252 

R E A L T O R S 
Hornet 
N o r t h w e s t 
212 

Hornet 
N ortheast 

2 1 o 
9 3 6 — Dogs-Cat*-Bird*-Pet* 
938— Poultry-Rabbits-Be et 
A L A M O H E IG H T S - O P E N 3-5 
Lots of curb appeal on this 3 b e ­ droom , 2 bath, den home. L iv in g ro o m w ith fir e p la c e , s e p a r a t e dining room. Central heat and a ir plus a jalousied porch 
826-oo6 
R E A L T O R S 
826-6272 
S U E W E E M S & A SS O C . 

 jM llN lU H 
Mallows 
Century 21 

M IS S IO N T R A C E 
B ache lo rs heres a lovely w ay (to beat the nothing for so m e th in g) rent syn d ro m , this Condo h a s it all. Y o u r own Jacuzzi pool, double g a r a g e h a s a u to m a tic opener, com plete kitchen 

Ll Y IS T O C K 
W A K E F IE L D R E A L T O R S 

9 4 o — Uvestock-Feed- 
NEW HOMES IN 
NORTHWEST SAN 
ANTONIO 
CO MING SO O N 

ANOTHER FINE 
RAY ELLISON 
COMMUNITY 
6 8 1 - 3 o 2 o 

E S C O R T E D 
A IR C O N D IT IO N E D 
M O T O R C O A C H 
L e ave S A. 8. 3oam 
Return 6pm 
SIO P E R P E R S O N 
Tour No. I Austin 
Tour No. 2 L B J Ranch 
F or rese rvatio n s call 

Excellent cash How due to low tax area. R e ady for occupancy, list of p ro sp e c tiv e tentants. P ro sp e c ts available. 494-16o1 494-3o12 
T S Fin e C ia *ttfi*e O m D i 
Nutlet* F IS S * * S M y r ant P e e * m e ta t o t — 
D e a th * 
1o3— Card a! Thank* 
M e m o r i a l* 
1o3— Fleriuta— Ftewar* 
1o4 — Funeral Directer* 
1oS— Cemetery— Burial 
Let* 
_________ 

O w n e r , 4-2-2, c e n t h e a t - o ir , fenced, fu lly carpe ted, d ra p e d , s c h o o l 4 b lk * , g r e a t s h o p e 
B E L O W M A R K E T . 696-3423. 351o 
Ticonderoga._____________________ 

O verlooks m iles of green valley, redw ood and brick hom e with 4 bedroom , 3 'i both, go m e room , 2 firepace, 2 acre s of he avy tim ber. 
T R A l L W O O D I H 
IO N O N W . 
O P E N S A T U D A Y & S U N D A Y 

Homos 
S o u t h e a s t 
214 

H o m e s 
S o u th w e st 
216 
C o m p ass Realty 

W A N T E D 
2 ticke ts for N orm a, for F rid ay N ight. 684-1242 
— f OR f A ir RESULTS 
PL A C ! Y O U R W A N T A D 
IN TM! I X P R IS S N E W S 
CALL 2 2 5 - 1 6 6 6 

 o r lot for cash. Fast service. W ill trade. 
B O B D e P A O L O 
344-3o91_______ 
R E A L T O R 
Open Sun. 4-2-2, B E T T Y C L A R K 
R E A L T O R 341-o294. 
C U S T O M H O M E B U IL D E R S 
698-2441_________ 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEW S— Sunday M ay 15 1977 

?o1 RHI iST*TE NOTICtS 
2o1 • SUL {STATE NOTICES 
2o1 ■ HEAL ESTATE AUTOS 

S ' . 

ID I 
K A I ESTATE KoT1CFS til - UMI ESTATE WTIGES 
2o1 • KW. BEUTE WQTIGES 
2o1 BEJU ESTATE HPT1CFS 
MI REAL ESTATE WT1CES 
MI IMI ESTATE MOHS 
*2o1 BEAL ESTATE WQTICES 

■— — .m .i.n^tAi i iiitrtfri Wtviit. 

The Azaleas, Cam ellias A n d A Host of O ther Fine Plants 
Extend To You A n Exciting W elcom e At 
8 1 o 7 CO U N TRY SID E 
ALTERMAN'clastic" 
E. of Nacogdoches lo Country Lane. 

Custom Built Professional G reenhouse Construction Being Com pleted 3 4-5 Bedroom s 4 . Baths 2 M arble G o rg e o u s 
Oat* Poolside 3 Fireplaces Unbelievable Kitchen Im ported Stain G lo ss and Fabrics 
* 2 7 5 , o o o 
°V X-‘ lf you are in the m arke t to build, w e w o u ld be d e ligh te d to discuss this w ith you. 
Frances Levenscn, r e a l t o r 
225-2 3 98 a n y t i m e 732-4951 

COUNTRY STYLE AND CLASS 

 l 'n c r ^ \ S a t i n f 

H o u r s 

/tv 
EGENCY 

This 4 bedroom , 2 i both, ranch style home, located on 
6 25 acres ii m 1 Country C u b Country' 
W de opt-n (iv ing ar co dual ’.replaces, extra large patio area with b It in bar b cue pit 
Also, 4 horse stables and rack room Built with 3 o ' . ‘Energy S a v in g features 

O P E N S U N D A Y 1 -5 
3 4 1 - 7 o 5 7 
W.F. LACKEY & ASSOCIATES 

JBL flBBJ 

CORNER LOT CONVENIENCE! 
117o3 SPRING SHADOW 

Live within walking distance of pools ond tennis courts, while the children walk to school daily from this lovely home featuring Spanish archs, at an affordable V A price of $36,8oo This one has an exclusive energy package to boot rn beautiful B A B C O C K NORTH. 
E 

Ray Ellison 
Bomos 

Call 

696-817o 

3 6 o E l i z a b e t h Rd. • S u n d a y 1 - 6 

Elegance and luxury keynote this charm ing hom e in a pork iike setting. G ian t trees grace more than I acre. "Location tops, condition immaculate. 

4 S«4rooms ■ 3 Beths ■ 3 Fireplaces 
~1 Custom drapes ■ m a n y fc la rg e R o o m s b u ilt ins ■ R o o m to 
High ceilings ■ C u s t o m drapes 
------, 
_ room and ample space for swimming pool and tennis court ■ 
Sweeping circular drive. 

 l l H A I T T U 
I ! 
S h o w n e x c l u s i v e l y b y su u th w f'« *t 
826-7668 r e a l m 
655-6848 

I 381 5 BRO O K HOLLOW 
L O W EQ U ITY 

For this 
3 bedroom 
Home located in prestigious 
O A K 
H O L L O W 
ESTATES. 
Large single living area with wet bar, formal dining, fenced yard and much more. Priced at $55,9oo. 

6 8 4 -4 3 3 o 3 4 4 -6 2 o 7 

 a* ca Tons 

Dearie Owens Co. 
Realtor — MLS 
Bandera Rd. Ofc. 

The Patio Homes of Royal Ridge 

Hurry, before prices and interest .rates go up W e only hove 2 homes of this floor pion left The model home is tor sole os pictured. O r you may ch. c e 3 coloure to your toste rn the last home availobl«' ct 197 6 prices. 
These homes are "Energy C rafted" tor low utility bills and designed for leisure living ond little maintenance. 
O nly two of this style home ore available at prices you 

 will not see again. 3 bedrooms, 2 'h both and oversued 
2 car garage with electric openers. 
Cedar shake shingles, dust proof windows, insulated beyond belief, sodded yard and privacy fences ore induced in the rare bargain. VA or Conventional finan- ing W e invite your comparison of construction and quality. This is a sound investment in your future. 
Call 655-2386 IO A.M. - 6 P.M. Daily for 
Inform ation and Directions 
W INDCREST DEVELOPMENT CO R PO R A TIO N 

ABSOLUTELY BEAUTIFUL! 

Owner-broker must sell fabulous 
Northside, 4 bedroom all rock house on 5 tree studded acres. Extras in­ clude out building and horse facilities. 
Better hurry on this one at $76,5oo. 
Brokers protected. 
John Phiipott 342-48o8 

CORNER LOT PERFECTION 

62oo SPRINGTIME 

Ideal location for an ideal home loaded with luxury features, including fireplace, cathedral ceilings and privacy fencing. The paneled den and breakfast bar are eye catchers, and the exclusive energy package makes this a great find in T A N G L E W O O D with a V A price 
$42,6oo! 

IXJ Bay Ellison 
-Homes 

 tall 

696-817o 

O P E N S U N D A Y 2 — 
5 
929o CIN CH O N A TRAIL 
GARDEN RIDGE ESTATES 
Sitting on 2 A CR ES, custom built 4 bed­ rooms, 2 VS baths, den with FIREPLACE, sprinkler system, wooden deck overlook­ ing 2ox4o G A R Y PO O L. Too many luxury features to mention, M U ST SEE!. 
GARDEN RIDGE REALTY, INC. 
651-64o4 

 p . 
% 
: T • 
: * : i t . i i . 
V 

FAR OUT...BUT CLOSE IN 

FM 1518, 1.3 M iles N orth of !H IO. 6.1 Acres with sprint) fed stream and num erous huge spreading Live 
O a ks 
2 '-'I yr. old stone and cedar 2 story 3 2 2 home with 2 3 3 5 ft. of living space Formal living and dining, M B R with walk in closet and study. Den with hardw ood floor and stone fireplace. M uch more! 
Open House Sunday 12-7 PM 
6 5 8 -9 8 2 8 ANYTIME 

BUILDING FOR YO U IN 
Marshall Meadows 

Construction of beautiful new homes in the newest 
Ray Ellison Com m unity of all is m oving ahead quickly to meet the grow ing dem and for fine hom es in the northwest. O n e of the first hom es to be com pleted will be a spacious 4 bedroom A urora with oil the features you are looking for, from fireplace cathedral ceiling to the exclusive Edison s energy package. 

2 3 8 - 2 4 o B L A K E L Y 
O P E N S U N D A Y 1 -5 PM 

I block north of Rittiman Rd. . . attractive duplex, 
3 bedroom, 
2 bath apartment upstairs and spacious I bedroom apartment down. $52,5oo. 

TTJ R a y E llis o n 
* Homes 

Call 681-3o2o for more information 
D A L C O 
REAL ESTATE 
824-o541 

OPEN 2-5 
SHAVANO PARK EXECUTIVE 
1o5 PAINTED POST 

In this elegant Shavano Park home on a wooded acre 
Outstanding family room features; circular wet bar, beamed ceiling and massive fireplace. 4 bedrooms 3 Vt baths. BR AN D N E W O N MARKET with owners soy.na sell ASAP! $125,ooo 
6 9 6 - 1 4 1 2 
FORTUNA ASSOCIATES 

<y„ 

DOWN HOME LIVING ON CUL-DE-SAC 

6131 PECAN TRAIL You ll love the cathedral ceilings ond 

 fireplace, in this spacious TANGLEW O O D HOME Perfect for 

 entertaining, 4 bedroom s, 2 baths, privacy fence adds the 

 finishing touch $39,6oo. 

X ! Ray Ellison 
* Homes 

Call 

6 9 6 - 8 1 7 o 

THE SUM M IT 

A lovely 3-2, fireplace, gameroom or office, 

 custom built Spanish decor, a Saltillo tiled en­ 

 try, sunken den and formal living area. 

3 4 9 -5 1 I I 3 4 9 -3 5 3 5 

D E A N IE O W E N S CO . 

R E A LT O R S— M IS 
N. Central Ofc. btAuTB B 

OWN A, . . 

M IKE KINDER O R IG IN A L 

IN 

O A K V A L L E Y - O A K C R E E K N W 

INTEREST RATES A R E 
G O IN G UP! 8 ’/ 2 % TO 8 J/ 4 % ! 
Lumber, labor, etc. going up to! Buy now! 9 models open daily! $ 7 9 ,5 o o to $1 15,ooo! 
Trade your home for the down payment! 5-4- 
3 bedrooms, 4-3 baths. 
9 models open daily, spacious, gracious living, original designs, will trade. Our Vance 
Jackson, I mile from 41o. 

'S u d d e n 
6 9 6 -8 3 3 o 

.OPEN 1-5 
1o7o7 OLD BLUE LANE 
OAK CREEK NW 

Contemporary. More than 3,3oo sq ft. of living area plus 2 covered patios and 2 car garage. 5 bedrooms, 4 baths, lots of walk in closets. Big living room with cathedral ceiling (31x21) with fireplace and wet bar. Also separate living room or gameroom (22x19). Price $1o9,ooo. 
BY O W N ER 6 9 o-1 58 o 

IN SUMMIT OAKS 

On Two Acres Wooded Land * 24OO sq. ft. Living area 
• Two Separate Central Air Units • See at 2 2 3 1 o G elo 
Vista • North on IH IO to leon Springs Exit then Under 
!H IO Left on Access Rd. to Cielo Vista. 
Total Price $59,75o 

Sw inney Co. 492-1o72 or *ss-o29o 

BUYING A HOM E? 
Call the Professionals 

GARDEN OF EDEN 

Charming 4 bedroom home with FANTASTIC island kitchen, white brick fireplace in living room, large bay window in dining room, custom drapes, fabulous backyard with cover­ ed patio, fruit trees, fountain and too much more to men­ tion. Convenient to Medical Center. A showplace inside and out, $S6,ooo. 
F a m ily R e a lty 

7 3 2 - 8 1 1 1 

D O N B R O W N , DEE BLACK, P E G G Y M A TTH EW S, 
M A RY H ARG ITA, G ER I C A L H O U N , SAL SO RBERA , 
BETTS MILLER, J. REX H EN RY , J O H N SM ITH, D O N 
B U R R O U G H S 
CENTURY 21 
M O N E Y S A V E R S REALTY 
121 22 EL SENDERO 
6 5 6 -2 4 2 o ANYTIME 

HILL COUNTRY LIVING 
AT ITS FINEST 

Distinctively d iffe re n t h o m e situated on alm ost 
4 acres, with pool and stables. Upon entering 

 the w h ite Austin stone h o m e , on e steps into a 
2Vt story h igh, living a re a w ith sunken pit and fireplace. The master suite is located a few 

 steps up, including a balcony and study. 2 

 other bedrooms and bath are located on the 

 lower level. Heavily wooded with oak trees; this property must be seen to be appreciated. 

Only $168,ooo. 

1 - 2 4 9 - 3 5 4 6 or 2 4 9 - 3 8 6 9 
R.M. GEORGE REALTY 
2 4 2 S. M a in 
Boerne, Tx. 

HORSES OK 

11 M IL E S N O R T H O U T S A N P E D R O 
R E A D Y TO M O V E IN T O 
3 2 ? plus huge utility room plus fireplaces, brick, tiled entryway, formal dining room, wolk in close! in master bedroom, vaulted ceilings in family room, built to sell on almost an acre, a bargain at only $54,5oo 
3-2 2 Rock, custom built home, VY acre of land, finished paneled garage, covered patio, fireplace ond a view for miles, ideal for couple or small family 545,5oo 
UNDER CONSTRUCTION RICK YOUR COLORS. 3-2-2 plus fireplace, brick, sunken tub in master bath, formal dining room, situated on 1.3 acres with plenty of frees ond a nice view 
UNDER CONSTRUCTION - 3-2-2 plus 2 (.76 ocres), 15ox25o lot, has fireplace, family room, dining and living room plus 3 nice site bedrooms, ready to move into in 2 weeks. 

We also have several choice country site building sites, 

 for information or appointment call 
JIM HARDIN REAL ESTATE 
R E A L T O R S 4 9 7 - 3 5 3 o , n ite s 1 o - 8 8 5 - 4 4 o o 

J A M E S G L A S C O C K & A S S O C I A T E S 
6 126 MO.V TOOMER Y R I). 
656-7717 

"Serving Camelot. M Undrest ami the greater Northeast areas" 
CV DDT-GLASCOCK INC. 
I 333 7 S A A P ED R O m - 1951 
"'Serving Thousand Oaks. San Pedro Hills and the greater \orth central areas 
O I R SA L E S ASSO C IA TES 

J I V H A S P E R HA I E R 
R O Y C E K E M ) ! EE 
A V V A R E L L E K l R K H G O D 
A K M E R Y JR 
Ii IR R A R A P E T E R S O N 

R U T H S H U M W A Y 
J A K E I A L D E / 

L O I R U K 

I M H f, IR E T H O ) C E 
I) I DI C O N N E R 
K I I H L E E N C l D O Y 
G A R Y A J O D e l A l \ E 
J A MES G L A S C O C K 
J A C K IE ! , L E N 
N E H E L L H ll IT E N ) 

THE PROUD 
PROFESSIONALS 

Se rv in g You In The N o rth ea st 

Evelyn Colem an 
Vivian Bossom 

Bill Patterson 
Elissa Patterson 

Janet Scott 
Bill Venable 

Liz Simler, Secretary 

Naylor Realty 
5439 W alzem Rd. 
6 5 6-5 52 o 

CAROLYN GRAHAM ASSOCIATES 
REALTORS 

CAROLEE GRAHAM HENSARLING 
BROKER 
21o5 E. HILDEBRAND 
(512) 826-8673 

OPEN SUN 2 to 5:3o 
(W e a th e r P e rm itting} 

REDUCED! Ow ner desperate to sell, as he has been transferred to Florida. 

1o9o6 W HISPER RIDGE 
In Whispering Oaks 

O ff lo c k h ill Se lm a 

Mrs. Clean Lives here 4 bedrooms, formal living, raised dining, huge den has fireplace, enormous playroom. Park like grounds. Ow ners loss your gain! 

O n f t j i f c 

HO W ARD TATE REALTY 
341-9166 
INDEPENDENTLY O W N ED A N D OPERATED 

Truly A Home Of Distinction 
TERRELL HILLS 

W e offer this 4 bedroom , 
3 bath home in 
TERRELL 
HILLS. 
Beautiful condition. Priced Reduced. 
Call for More details 822-33o1 
HARTMAN, REALTORS 

W INDCREST 

7o6 WEATHERLY 

4 bedroom , 
2 1/? bath, all brick hom e with 
SU P ER floorplan. Including o split-bedroom arrangem ent. Free orm G a ry Pool, with unique landscaping for privacy. 

DALCO 

REAL ESTATE 
824-o541 

EXPRESS-NEWS BONUS ABS 
2 lines $ 
TEXAS SIZE SAVINGS... IO days wm NON COMMERCIAL! 
CANCELLABLE 
WITHOUT 
RATE CHANGE 
2 
2 
5 
- 1 
6 
6 
6 
QUICK RESULTS! 

 tai RIA! ESTATE KOTOS 
?B1 • 
B M M UCK ... 
2o1 • BKI E S M MTICES 
2o1 aal E S M MACES 

The K ey G roup salutes the San A nton io B oard o f 
R ealtors and joins in cele b ratin g PRIVATE P R O ­ 
PERTY WEEK, M a y 8 thru 14. 

Sterling Burke........................... 8 2 4 -6 3 5 f 
Pete Cantu (N o rth )................ 7 3 6 -4 2 9 6 
Pete Cantu (S o u th )................ 5 3 2 -7 5 o o 
Clara Belle to th e r................... 3 4 4 -o 2 2 5 
Virginia Cervenka................... 655-5131 
Gase-Baker..................................69o-899Q 
Hodgdon & Associates 
6 7 4 -3 5 5 2 
Pon Johnson (Northwest) . . 3 4 4 -3 o 7 8 
Don Johnson (Loop 41o) . . 
82 *o241 
Don Johnson (North Central) . . 
494-771 I 
Don Johnson (Northeast) , . 
656-3441 
Bob Jones (N o rth )................... 344-2341 
Bob Jones (South)................... 5 3 3 -7 1 6 3 
Randolph R e a lty ..................... 658-53o1 
Dale R iley....................................494-3541 
Sue Weems & Associates 
826 -o 6o 6 
Your Key lo the City of 
San Antonio 

STERLING BURKE] 
REALTORS 
824-6551 
^ 

FOR SALE OR LEASE 

2 and 3 bedroom pa'io homes, located on hillside overlooking city. Toke IH35 then right on 
Judson Rood, right on Fiddler s 
Green, then right ogain to patio homes OPEN from 16 Sunday 

EXCELLENT FOR THE GROWING 
FAMILY 

 lorar ilk 
4 bedroom home within walking distance of mall and elementary school, reasonable, piiced in perfect for the growing family 

CASTLE HILLS 

Don t bother unless you want lots of room! It s bigger thon it looks 
Already has everything for versatile living. Not inexpensive 

W 
GASE-BAKER ' ' U 
REALTOR frkx 
6 9 o -89 9o 

BUY ME 

I m all brick, 3-2-1 on corner lot 

Carpeted, draped and all ap­ 

 pliances 
Lee 
High 
School for 

55,9oo equity 

F M N jo h n s o n co 
NORTHWEST 
344-3o78, 
NORTH CENTRAL. . . 494-7711 
LOOP 41o................. 828-8241 
NORTHEAST 
656-3441. few 
NEW ON MARKET 

HILL COUNTRY VILLAGE 
5 Vi acres of beautiful oak frees, fenced 
Rambling rock home, 3 bedrooms, 2 baths, large game room with fireplace 
I shaped country kitchen. Second fireplace in living room. SIo5,ooo 
344- 
3o78, mtes 492 1611 

HOME IN THE COUNTRY 
On 4 So6 acres. 4 bedroom, 2 bnths, den, greenhouse, barn, lark room, corrol and horse stalls Fen­ ced Cross fenced 
Hundreds of 
Oaks. $75,ooo 
344 3o78, nites 
341-8482 

CORNER LOT 
This immaculate 4-2-2, two story has split bedrooms, fireplaces in family room, formal living and din­ ing lots of storage, beautifully landscaped and in 
NE, School district 558,9oo 494-771), nites 
494 5829 

SUMMER FUN 
In this spotless 4 2-2 with 36x18 
Gary Pool, diving board and slide. 
The 52x12 patio hns a gas b b q. 
Water softnK drapes and oil ap­ pliances stay Hondy to Windsor 
Park Mall, Randolph, and Ft Sam. 
Too many extras to list. $47,9oo. 
494 7711, nites 653 3888 

EXTRA NICE lovely 3-2 2 on cut de sac with large beautiful lot. This home has many extras. Electric garage door opener, turbo vents, nice entry way ond more 531,5oo 656-3441, nites, 656 8178 

LARKSPUR lease or buy. Low equity, lovely 3- 
2-2, with den ond fireplace, drupes, covered patio and more 
538,7oo. 
656-3441, nites 
656 
8178 

MISSION TRACE 

Immaculate garden home in popular area. A 3 2-2 with master bedroom downstairs 
Covered balconies ond other delightful features to include special security, 
558,75o. 
828-8241, nites 
344- 
8o44 

NEW LISTING 
Sharp 3 2-2 just like new lovely decor throughout 
Mexican tiled front entry, fluty beautiful. A good bargain at only $44,ooo. 828-8241, nites 735-6943 

RANDOLPH REALTY 
REALTOR 
6 5 8 -5 3 o ? 

SUE W E E M S 

ASSO C., REALTORS 
826-o6o6 

ALAMO HEIGHTS 
This is one of the fiord to find" kind 3 bedrooms, 2 baths, family room plus an enclosed ialousied porch, living room with fireplace, separate dining, kitchen with bay windows, central heal ond mr 
826-o6o6 
822-1646 

OLD FARM ll 
FIRST OFFERING 
Assume good 714 loon on this charming 3 bedroom, 2 bath home. 
High vaulted ceilings, corner fireplace in living area, garden kit­ chen 
826-o6o6 
824-6683 

TYROL HILLS lovely S bedroom, executive style family home with room to en­ tertain the whole compony' Heat­ ed pool with whirlpool, huge 
De Hanis tile patio and sprinkler system. 
Priced 
Right! 
Under 
$1oo,ooo 
826-o6o6 
826-6272 

BELMEADE 
"Stone's Throw To Ft. Sam" 
Spacious, sturdy 2 bedroom, 2 both home with central heat and air, enormous living, dining room, family room with fireplace, maid s quarters, trees, lots of parking area 2o7 Wyanoke. 
826-o6o6 
826-3365 

BOB JONES, REALTOR 
MORTHSiDE....................344-2341 
^SOUTHSIDE.................. 533-7163 

FLEXIBLE FINANCING 

Immoculate 
18oo sq ft, 
3 bedroom (master 19x11), 2'/? lux­ ury baths, one large living area with cathedral ceilings low 4o s. 

M A R J I! HORTO N 
344 -23 41, 6 5 3 -5 9 3 6 

BUY NOW 

2 bedrooms, large living, dining area, 
2 ac, hardwood floors. 
SI 5,ooo. Highland Park 
M A X IN E H A M M O N D 
5 3 3 -7 1 6 3 ,5 3 4 -7 6 7 o 

L IV E F R E E ? 

It is possible! Invest in this nice duplex with 2 bedrooms, I both, formal living ond dining rooms, let your upstairs tenants rent pay your mortgage payments. 
BERYL W E IG A N D 
3 4 4 -2 3 4 1 ,3 4 2 -6 4 5 6 

HIGHLAND HILLS BRICK 

3 bedrooms, cheerful kitchen, large living mea, built-in vanities, pecan trees ond large fenced yard. 
S2o.5oo. 
ROBERTA WHITE 
533 -71 63, 3 3 3 -8 7 6 3 

,r J po 

I I E l l B l l H 
S 
E 
R 
I I R 
H 
H 
I I H 
I H i l l l l l l l l E 

NEW HOME INFORMATION 

AND COUNSELING CENTER! 

Example 3-2-2. with carpets ond 

 fireplaces under 535,ooo. Where, 

 ask us? 

^HODSDON & ASSO?* 
REALTORS 
6 74 -35 52 

REDUCED PRICE! 
Owner reduced price and is open for offers on this large 4 bedroom, 
I both with double garage, country like atmosphere, with swimming pool ond tennis coat in area 

NEAR LACKLAND ■ Nice 2 bedroom home, with SISO mo. pmts. 7% 
VA. Central heat-air, all appliances. 
SI 9,5oo. 

SCHERTZ 3 2 2, central heat air, lots of carpet, many extras! Near schools. 
REDUCED 
EQUITY 
FOR 
QUICK SALE! 

NEAR RANDOLPH - Assume low mo. pmts. of 5131 of S'/e interest, or new loon at 525,ooo Nice 3 bed­ room home neor schools and shop­ ping. New range and disposal. 
Savoilable I June. 

5 ACRES on Stagecoach Rd., with 3 bedroom mobile home Priced to sell at 531,ooo. 

PETE CANTU 
REALTOR 
Northside 736-4296 
Southside 532-75ooI 

5526 HORIZON 
Beautiful ond spacious all brick home with 
3 bedrooms—2 baths—living room—family room—kitchen plus util, room, central heat-oir, oil carpeted ond custom drapes, swimming pool with filtering system ond mony ex­ tras. Must see to appreciate. 

OFF VANCE JACKSON RD. 
Pretty 2 bedroom home with living ond dining area ond pretty kit- small kitchen. then 
Ideal for 
Estate. Must sell 

2o2 HOUSES OPEN 
2o2-HOUSES OPEN 
2o2 HOUSES OPEN 

ECONDOMKNIUM 
This oil stucco 2-story with 1oo% cedar roof ond energy-saving windows is truly a release from utility bills. Covered by large shady oaks ond trimmed by 

 private breakfast patio. 

3 bedroom, 3% bath, fireplace, large glassed den, galley kitchen, Con­ temporary dining, downstairs master. Out Fredericksburg Rd., aff Denore. 
OPEN SATU RDAY & SU N D A Y 12-5 
SANDISON REALTY 
6 9 9 -9 2 o 1 

NEW EXCLUSIVE AREAS 
• WHISPERING OAKS • COUNTRYSIDE 
• HUNTER S CREEK 

HUNTER’S 
PRESTIGE HOMES 

• Rolling hills and oak trees 
• In North Emf or Northside School District 
• Recreation areas 
• Homes SSO,OOO to SI 2o,ooo 

Patio, Garden and Estate Homes. Or custom build, and choose decor. x 

492-1o68 • 494-5249 • 492-2272 

OPEN HOUSE 3 TO 5 
ALAMO HEIGHTS SCHOOLS 
215 TOPHIll 
FIRST OFFERING - Enjoy the pool in this beautifully landscap­ ed enclosed yard with covered terrace. Handsome 
3-2 brick with all new gourmet kitchen. 
Oak and parquet floors. Centro! heat-air. 
Meticulously main­ tained 
2o2 CANTERBURY HILL 
TERRELL HILLS - Elegant 2- story brick for distinguished living. 
Enhanced by high ceilings, handsome millwork 4- 
3, qtrs., 3-car garage. Living room with fireplace, formal separate dining, landscaped yard. 
221 BURR ROAD 
TERRELL HILLS - Overlooking golf course. Oak floors just refinished in this 2-story brick built by Hogy. 3-4 bdrms., Th baths. 
Living room with 
FP opens to sitting mr 
Formal dining, breakfast rim , qtrs., central heat-air, sprinkler system. 
263 COUNTRY LANE 
LUXURIOUS CONTEMPORARY 
— 4-5 bedrooms on over an acre. 
Offers excellence in design, extensive use af glass, large pool with space for tennis court. 4 fireplaces, guest house, q,fS refers 
JONtS-KING 
826-2439 

OPEN SUN I TO 5 
A D A M S HILL 

4 2 2, V A appraised. 
18o7 HARPERS FERRY 

WESTWOOD VILLAGE 
OPEN t TO 5 
3 2-2, 2 living areas 
711 M EAD O W 5IDE 

ADAMS HIU 
OPEN 2 TO 5 
4 2 2, kidney shaped pool. VA a p ­ praised. 
21o2 FT. D O N ELO SO N 

6 7 5 - 2 8 5 o 

DEANIE 
OWENS CO. 
REALTORS— MIS 

S. W e st O fc. 

* STO P ★ L O O K ★ C O M PA R E * 
☆ ALL BRICK HOM E ☆ 
*16,95o toitoi 
3 Bedroom — -1 Vt Baths 
W e also b u ild la rg e r houses. 

 r S r i i i i i 
' 

 ivy t. .rife)**- 

M od el H om e— -,1o1 I Gardino 
(Off 2ooo Block W est Ave.) 

Paneled kitchen and fam ily room com bination. 
W e Also Do R em odeling A Fireplaces 
349 -14 9? 
3 4 1 -o o 1 6 
5917 San Pedro 
Specie Builders, Inc. 

OPEN SU N D A Y 
1:oo til 7:oo p.m. 
IN BEAUTIFUL CHURCHILL ESTATES 
148o3 GALLANT FOX 

 lovely 2 story white brick home on o wooded corner lot. 4 bedrooms, 2 V? baths, study, playroom, clutter room and all the other features that you would expect in o top quality home. Built by Superb Homes (Jeese and 
Bruce Baker). Buy now and select some of the colors and carpeting. A gracious home for 588,6oo 
Call 4 9 4 - 7 6 5 1 A n y tim e 
Ifosour&kfiiiK. 
REALTORS — 5 o YEARS OF TRUST 

7314 GLEN HAVEN 
Come see this extra nice 3 be­ droom, I bath home. Central a c ­ heat and com pletely carpeted. 
N.E. Shoots. 
O P E N 1-4 P.M. 
SU N D A Y , M ay 15, 77 
OR CALL *53-o57o A N Y TIM E 
WORLD WIDE REALTY 

2146 GREENCREST $38,5oo 
OPEN SUNDAY 2-4 
Lovely 4-2-2, b ea u tifu l fa m ily room. Go 2 blocks north of IH-1o on Vance Jackson and east on 
G reeniest. 341-2222 Anytime 
Century 21 
RAY TEAL, REALTORS 

IN T M I ( X P iit S S N E W S 
CAIL 2 2 5 -1 6 6 6 

LACKLAND-KELLY AREA 
8435 BIG CREEK 
OPEN 2-6 P.M. 

See this beautiful 3 bedroom home in MINT condition TODAY! 
Designed for family living, the 
HUGE family room has separate 
T V. ond conversational areas. 
Other extras include the large covered patio. Offered at only 
524,15o under very attractive terms. 

ENCHANTED FOREST 
11611 SANDMAN 
OPEN 1-6 P.M. 

Luxurious Booth-built home. Ap­ prox. 2,6oo sq. ft. featuring 3 living areas, beautiful fireplace and TWO GIGANTIC bedrooms. 
Quick possession, owner will finance, move-in condition, only 
569,9oo 
N A YLO R REALTY 
GALLERY OF H O M ES 

.691-1121 
341 9191 
*5*-552oj 

OPEN HOUSE SUNDAY 
2:3o-5:3o w e a th e r p e rm ittin g 

3322 CASTLEDALE 

3 -2 -2 ................ $57,5oo 

142 E. SUNSHINE 

3-2-2 

227 E. WOODLAKE 

3-2-CONVERTED 

BOB MCGINNIS 
REALTORS 
V-349-6211 

3-2-2, Living-dining room, nook, large family room with fireplace, beautiful woodwork, and built-ins. 
Covered patio. Security bar win­ dows, doors. P riv a c y fen ce. 
Trees, lovely yard. Near Hospi­ tals, USAA, and shopping. OPEN 
H O U S E , Come up to see us. 
Laurel Hills, 94o6 F E R N G L E N . 
696-o574. . 

P IA O TO U S W A N T AO 
IN THE EXPRESS NEW S 
CALL 2 2 5 -1 6 6 6 

2o2 HOUSES M U 
J J U S E S OPEN 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday May 15 1977 

OPEN SUNDAY 
T H I HILLS 

6o6 PATRICIA 

1191 I LAS VEG AS 
2:3o to 5:3o p.m. 

$ 3 o ,6 o o 
B IL O W 
V A . 
APPRAISAL! 
B eau tifu lly c a rp e te d 
3 b e d ro o m 
2 both hom e in fin e a re a . C o m p lete electric k itch en . 
Large co v e re d p a tio . Freshly p a in te d inside and out. Just 4 yoors old. 8 2 4 -o 1 3 1 A N YTIM E. 
ENCHANTED FOREST 
3:oo to 6:oo p.m. 

This 4 b e d ro o m , 2 both h o m e has e n jo y e d the d e c o ra to r's touch. 
S e p a ra te liv in g and d in in g pius c o ly fa m ily ro o m . From the co vered p a tio en jo y th e m ost e x o tic gard en s in th e a re a . W a lk to N .I. schools ond sw im club 8 2 4 -o 1 l l ANYTIM E. 

CAMELOT ll 
6422 QUIET FOREST 
2:oo to 5:oo p.m. 
5i*$»er fa m ily h o m e, co n v e n ie n t to shopping, schools, m ilita ry hoses- Living ro o m w ith fire p la c e , film ily ro o m -d in in g ro o m com ­ b in atio n , electric kitchen. 
4 bed ro o m s, 
2 baths. 
See this o n e — i f s a good buy! $ 4 1 ,o o o - 4 9 4 -7 6 5 1 A N YTIM E. 

ENCHANTED FOREST 
11 6o7 S A N D M A N 
2:oo to 5:oo p.m. 

HOUSE BEAUTIFUL. D ram atic e n tran ce in this e le g a n tly d e c o ra te d hom e. Plush carp e tin g , lavish w ith w e t b ar o v e rlo o k in g tre e shaded lo t. M a s te r suite has R om an tub of fe rra tx o lite . 
A pleasu re to see. 3 4 2 -3 2 1 1 A N YTIM E- 

M IS SIO N TRACE ll 4 2 6 H O LLO W TREE 
2:3o to 6:oo p.m. 

BREATHTAKING! Describes this la rg e 4 b e d ro o m , 2 b ath ( I club) e x e c u tiv e g a rd e n ho m e in this com m unity of n a tu ra l b e a u ty lo cated on a high corner lo t co n ven ien t to e v e ry th in g In this e x ­ cellent N o rth w e s t lo catio n . Im p o rte d Ita lia n tile In k itch en . C or­ ning co o kto p . s e lf-c le a n in g o v e n . H o m e vacan t, sparklin g clean and w a itin g fo r its n e w o w n e r. 3 4 -h o u r pro fessio n al security. In ­ spect this one to d a y ! 8 2 4 -o 1 21 A N YTIM E. 

DELLVIEW 
414 CHERRY RIDGE 
3:oo to 5:3o p.m. 

D O N 'T JUST DRIVE BY! You w o u ld miss m an y special fe a tu re s . 
Form al livin g and dining room s, k in g s iie d den, 3 bed ro o m s. 2 baths, e x tra sto rag e build in g in re a r. Ail in e x c e lle n t condition. 
REDUCED to $ 2 9 ,9 5 o . 4 6 4 -7 6 5 1 A N YTIM E. 

THE GLEN 
7o43 GLEN M IST 
2:oo to 5:3o p.m. 

JUST LISTED! TERRIFIC 
TO W N H O U SE! 3 bed ro o m s, 
V A baths, livin g , d ining, fa m ily an d sitting room s. 
Spotless. 
Extras e v e ry w h e re ! 
G reen h o u se, c o vered p a tio . 
U ndor 
$ 3 o ,o o o . 
Assume $ 2 o 8 m o n th . 4 6 4 -7 6 5 1 A N Y TIM E . 

KIN N EY O A K S AREA 
28o2 DEER LEDGE 
2:3o to 6:oo p.m. 

BEAUTIFUL HO M E SURROUNDED BY OAK TRIES. Large corner lot. 
3 b edroom s, 2 baths, d e c o ra tiv e security w ro u g h t iran on fro n t w in d o w s, sp rin kler system , au to m a tic g a ra g e doors. 
P rivacy fence aro u n d back y a rd w ith brick b a r-b -q u e . E n erg y-savin g tu rb o vents a n d e x tra in su latio n . $ 6 4 ,5 o o . 3 4 2 -3 2 1 I A N YTIM E. 

BRISTOL PLACE 
581o W O O DG REEN 
1:3o to 5:3o p.m. 

FW LT LISTED. C o m p le te ly re d e c o ra te d 3 b e d ro o m , one livin g a r co w ith fire p la c e and p a rq u e t flo o rs. N e a r Fort Sam and n e w ih o ^ i n ^ c e n te r. 
M o n y e x tra s ! 
O n ly 
$ 2 6 ,5 o o . 
8 2 4 * o 1 2 ! tfosour&kStafi~ 
REALTORS — SO YEARS OE TRUST 

OPEN 2:oo-5:oo 
213 RIDGEHAVEN 

In NORTHRIDGE o ff N . NEW 
BRAUNFELS. 
C ed ar g a lo re ! fro m th e fartdscapea y a rd and p riv a c y fence to the custom b u ilt-in s and paneling* 
P a tio g reen h o u se o ff th e m a s te r suite 
(4 b ed ro o m s, 
3 baths, plus q u a rte rs ) ... liv in g and dining room s w ith b a y w in d o w s and a fa m ily room w ith fire p la c e a n d h u g e w e t b a r. 
$ 6 9 ,9 o o 
8 2 4 -9 6 3 1 

OPEN 2:oo-6:oo 
59o2 WINDHAVEN 

In 
WINDCREST o H 
W EDGE­ 
FIELD. D on'* sim m er this sum ­ m er 
... sw im in yo u r o w n pool! 
Enjoy th e spacious 
'F lo rid a ” room and p a tio ! 
F orm al livin g and room s plus a pecan |_ fa m ily ro o m w ith a fire p la c e ) 
4 b ed ro o m s, V A baths. Shag c arp etin g ond c en tral v a c ­ uum ! Set on a p ro fessio n ally lan d scap ed , co rn e r lot! 
$ 6 4 ,8 o o 
6 5 3 -7 3 4 1 
OPEN 1:oo-6:oo 
5722 Oo-loo-Te-Ka 

In 
RAVEN 
ESTATES o ff 
H O LB R O O K /R IT T M A N 
RD. 
Luxurious 
N E W h o m e w ith skylights, fire p la c e , servin g b a r a n d a p riv a te p o tio th e m a s te r suitel 
3 b e d ­ room s. 2 “ d e c o ra to r" b ath s and a b u ilt-in kitch en ... liv ­ ing ro o m , dining nook ond a fa m ily ro o m 2 o x 1 4 . 
$ 4 8 ,6 o o 
6 S 3 -7 3 4 1 
OPEN 2:oo-5:oo 
1o14 HOMERIC 

In CASTLE 
PARK o H 
IO C K - 
HILL-SELMA, 2 -s to ry , brick c ed ar h o m e w ith 5 spacious b edroom s, 
3 lo v e ly baths! la r g e , fo rm a l liv in g and d in ­ ing room s w hich open to a n e w sunroom w ith a f r e e ­ standing fire p la c e ! B eau tifu l 
G a ry p o o l w ith a diving b o a rd in the scaped y a rd l schools. 
$ 8 3 ,2 o o 
8 2 4 -6 6 3 1 
OPEN 2:oo-6:oo 
35o7 IGO 

In S U M M IT /C O L O N IE S N O RTH o ff TIO G A . B uiit-ins g a lo re this o u tstan d in g hom e w ith o v e r 2 ,o o o sq. ft. o f liv ­ ing space! Living ro am plus w a ln u t p a n e le d fa m ily ond g am e room s ... w e t b a r ond b re a k fa s t b a r 
... w orksh o p and a lo v e ly p a tia l 3 upstairs bed ro o m s, 2 ’/ i baths rom ous closets! 
$ 5 3 ,6 o o . 
6 8 1 - 2 6 o o 

OPEN 3:oo-6:oo 
6814 LAKE GLEN 

In 
W O O D LA K E o ff 
LAKE 
BEND. 
Im m a c u la te , alm o st new ho m e has c arp etin g th ruput! 3 bed ro o m s, 2 baths 
... livin g , dining and fa m ily room s. 
Sm oke d etecto rs, turbo vents, G.E. appliances and lc e -m a k e r connections. 
P atio 1 6 x 1 o , d o uble and a p rivacy fen ce, school district. 
$ 3 6 ,5 o o 

 d iv in g 
Ion a - 

 g a ra g e 
Judson 

8 2 8 -S S 3 3 

OPEN 2:oo-5:3o 
2o51 OAK VISTA 

 in O A K H O LLO W ESTATES o ff 
BROOK 
H O LLO W . 
Rock 
’n cedar ho m e w ith o n e, enorm ous livin g a re a w ith cath ed ral ceiling ond w o o d b u m in g fire p la c e ! 
Form al dining room w hich can be co m p le te ly closed off 
... 4 bed ro o m s, 2 fu ll baths! 
Built-in kitch en , s e p a ra te u tility ro o m . Finished, d o uble ro o f, p a tio . g a ra g e , ced ar 
A lm ost NEW ! 
$ 5 8 ,5 o o 
666-481 I 

OPEN SUN. 2 TO 6 
13o22 COUNTRY 
TRAIL 

IN COUNTRY SIDE SAN PEDRO - 3 living ureas with terrific style and openness, custom design for family living ond entertaining 
Huge kitchen, walk in bar, 3% luxury baths S96.9oo 

43o3 VALLEY 
BROOK 

IN TWIN CREEK- Almost new all brick, 4 2-2, with fireplace in family room and split bedroom orrongement Dressing oreo off master bedroom. Only $38,9oo 

 l l 235 WHISPER 
SPRING 

IN WHISPERING OAKS - lovely 3 
2-2 split level, large study, family room with wet bor, fireplace in living room, 3 decks. Come see this beauty S92.9oo 

 l l oo7 WHISPER 
HOLLOW 

Beautiful 4 bedroom, prestigious home surrounded by trees. Spot lessly clean, gomeroom, two fireplaces, lorge patio. $63,9oo. 

14727 TURKEY 
RIDGE 

 large 4 bedroom, choice corner location quiet neighborhood, completely fenced 
Owners transferring. Super buy $58,9oo 

64o2 HANDSOME 
LAKE 

1oo% brick, 
3-2 2, finished garage, (Omer lot, fireplace, lorge courtyard. 
Northside schools. 
Reasonable terms. S44.5oo. 

2o7 E. 
WOODLAKE DR. 

See this delightful 3 bedroom home in lovely 
Oak 
Hills. 
Spacious ond well built 
Has sprinkler system ond other ex­ cellent features. 557,9oo. 

38o3 LOMITA 

This sharp 3-2-2, is a Garden 
Home in popular Mission Trace. 
Special Security is but one of its excellent features. 558,75o. 

64o7 GREENTOP 

 like new, 3-2-2 in GREENRIDGE 
NORTH, lovely decor throughout. 
Beautiful 
Mexican tile entry 
$44,ooo 

6747 SPRING 
ROSE 

 large family home 
4-2-2, moderately priced 
Rock front, open court yard, great assump­ tion. Low monthlys. $3o,5oo. 

3 4 4 -3 o 7 8 828 -82 41 

494 -77 11 6 56 -34 41 

OPEN 2:oo-5:oo 
115o3 WHISPER DEW 

In 
W H ISPER IN G 
O AKS off 
WHISPER SO UND. S p lit-le v e l ho m e w ith o w o o d -d e c k p a tio and p re tty landscaping! 
J bed ro o m s, 2'/a baths ... liv ­ ing room w ith fire p la c e , fo rm a ! dining ro o m pius birch p a n e le d fa m ily room ! B uilt-in kitchen, c o m p lete w ith a m ic ro -w a v e o v e n l N o rth . 
$ 7 4 ,9 o o 
6 9 6 -4 8 1 1 

OPEN 2:oo-5:oo 
16422 LEDGE TRAIL 

In 
THO U SA N D 
O A K S o ff 
LEDGEVIEW to LEDGE ROCK. 
1 o o % brick ho m e w ith a light, a iry fe e l O p en livin g a re a w ith s e p a ra te dining room .. w a ln u t p a n e le d fa m i­ ly room w ith corner fire p la c e ! 
4 b edroom s, 
V A b a th * 
(m a s te r tu lte has sunken tu b l) 
P atio , do u b le, p a n e le d g a ra g e ...m uch m ore! 
$ 6 3 ,5 o o 
6 6 6 -4 8 1 1 
GvyCAipmanQk 

REALTORS t = J 

OPEN SU N D A 
7618 MEADOW LAWN 
2-4 P.M. 
Immoculate 3-2-2 in beautiful 
Forest 
Glen 
Swimming pool- membership. Very low equity. 
Your hose: Ray Raforth 655-9656. 

4942 HERSHEY 
2-5 P.M. 
Over 
19oo sq. ft. for under 
$35,ooo in 
Dellcrest addition 
Sprinkler system, 2 polios, and mony other extras. Your host: 
Curtis Pork 533-7677 

6419 GREENTOP 
1:3o-5 P.M. 
Beautiful Northeast location. A real showplace. Custom drapes, fireplace and much more! Your hostess. Gladys Williams 344 
4926 
6 5 3 -o 5 5 o 

DelaneyJReaUy 

OPEN SUN. 2 TO 6 
7965 SOUTH VERDE 
Beautiful 4 bedroom, plus study and game room nestled among 2 acre of oaks 365o sq. ft. Owners must sell. Call for directions. 
11634 RAINDROP 
ENCHANTED FOREST DREAMHOUSE 
4-2-2, gorgeous cedar deck sur­ rounded by oaks Built-in micro­ wove, new carpet, custom drapes throughout. Priced in 6o s. 
4o4o EVANS RD. 
Take a Sunday Drive to the coun­ try where you will find custom built brick home. It sits on a beautifully landscaped Vt ocre lot. Covered with cedar ond oak trees. Coll for directions. 
4o27 GLENROCK 
Perfect for entertaining 
3oxlS single living area with fireplace 
Cathedra! ceilings, downstairs master bedroom, split level 4-2-2, low 7o s. 
7211 CABIN CREEK 
Precious 3 bedroom, 2 both, coun­ try kitchen, lovely new carpet, dishwasher, trash compactor, large covered patio oil for 
526,ooo. 
349-5111— 349-3535 

BEANIE 
OWENS CO. 
REALTORS—MU 

N. Central Ofc. 

1o5o7 MERRITIME 
MacARTHUR TERRACE 
Open 2-6 Sun. Great 2-story, 5-2-2 with excellent floor plan. Walk to 
Etem and Mac High School, Up­ per $5o'$. 
828-5636 
REALTORS 
MLS 
HORTH LOOP. IHC. 

NEAR JEFFERSON 
6138 ALEXANDER HAM ILTO N 
OPEN SUNDAY 2:3o-6 
Enjoy home life, with income, in this race conveniently located du­ plex. Large rooms, good condition thruout. 
WARD REALTY 
696-1545 

2BZ HOUSES OPE* 
2o2 HOUSES OPEN 
2o4 PROPERTY OOT OF TORII 
7 o 6 -fflHHEilTC OUPlEXFS 

OPEN 2-5:3o 
322 ALBIN 
Off Eisenhower in TYROL HULS 
Gracious 4-2-7 Colonial, with formal ond informal living areas, separate dining room. fireplace built ins oversu ed everything! lovely yord 
$74,ooo 
148 HARRIETT 
Off McCullough in SHEARER 
HILLS 3-2 2, double carport on 
1oox15o tree coveted lot! 
Fireploced living areo formal dining huge covered Tenuto patio with Built in bbq New listing! $48,ooo. 
67o3 SPRING GARDEN 
In BABCOCK NORTH Adorable 
3 2-2, single living oreo with brick ond cedar fireplace1 Fully conpeted .. country kitchen . polio $35,4oo 
56o3 GRANGER 
Off Oesilu in Oak Hills Terrace 
Immaculate 3 2 2, faunal liv mg areo and poneld den Close to everything! LOW ASSUMP 
HON, S31.5oo 
6 9 o -9 8 o 2 
G R K A T 
A M E R I C A 
R E A LTO R S 

OPEN 2 5 
P A L M HOTS. 12* C A R TH AG E 
Walk to Pool, Tennis Courts and 
Schools, to m in to K e lly 3-11, carpeted living and dining rooms, remodeled kitchen, double oven, 
Copperton# range and m atching double door retng. rem ain. Open term s 
52o,2So. Call M ary A lice 
924-6oo') 

In Cuero. 2 story, ratios house on 
2o7x1So’corner. Good home and­ or business *6o,ooo F in a n c in g avail Owner S12-27S-3S34 

REALTY WORLD 
Associated Realty 

OPEN SUNDAY 2-5 
NO RTHERN HILLS 
4215 FO NDREN 
Contemporary styling, very open 
4-2-1. F u lly ca rp e te d w ith fir e ­ place. 824-o171 
RED CARPET 
REALTORS 

New Iberia. Louisianna. S room brick walk in closets 822 7o49 
SMALL M OTEL. O EVINE 
Good condition. Land to r e n la r­ gement P riced to move Please h u rry ! SAM WORO, R E A LT O R 
I 6*3 262! Devine, Tx, 
_________ 

2o6 TOWNHOUSES 

By O w n e r, 
N e a r 
F t. 
Sam 
I 2 2 'j-2 -d o o r opener. FP, o pa ls, 
! drapes, coy potio, yard 
$43,SOO 
: 828-7279 
CHARMING 
3-2’ j-2 in T e rre ll H ills. V a u lte d 
I ce ilin g s, p atio , pool E x q u is ite 
; styling, small European complex. 
MAC R E AL ESTATE 828-2S2! 
E N C H A N TE D V IL L A G E - 3 be- droom , 2 bath, fully carpeted 
E x c e lle n t con dition 
$39,5oo. 
349-4276. 342 
OPEN SUNDAY 2 5 j 
JIM VIA, REALTOR 
J 

REALTY W ORLD 

M EW D U PLEXES 

T A X SHELTERS 

Excellent cosh flow rfue to low fox oreo Ready for oc­ cupancy, list of prospective tenants. Prospects available. 

COMPASS REALTY 

 t 4 9 4 - 3 o 1 2 4 9 4 -1 6 o 1 - 

 te n a n t ] 

O PEN Sun 2 to 6 
7622 LYNN ANN lovely 4 bedroom, 2% both home, located off Bandera Rd rn prestigious bench 
Creek, 
$64,9oo 
64o6 LoNGHoU5E CT. lovely home on quiet cut de soc, in SENECA ESTATES 4 bedrooms large single living area, foimal dining room, ana much more 
Price reduced to $49,ooo 
684-433o 344-62o7 

BEANIE 
OW ENS CO. 
MAITo*S~-MIS 
Bandera Rd. Ofc. 

9622 BOUTWELL 
5 years young in an exclusive neighborhood. Large beautifully landscaped y a rd w ith 3 be drnonis » baths, a study, enclosed patio, fileplace. double garage in ibis white brick uniQue design home 
Li!iisn Wooisuy 73b o8/6 
OPEN SUNDAY 2 to 5 
56o3 DANNY KAYE 
BEST BUY ON MARKE T 
NEAR MEDICAL CENTER AND 
I SCHOOLS. Lovely 3 bedroom, 2 bath, family room and patio, only 
I 544,5oo A must see Your hostess 
I Marie Holm 828-5671 
Strauder Nelson Realty 
OPEN SUN, 2 TO 5 
8o3 AFTERGLOW 
(OFF WEST AVE ) 
: Roomy two story In E N CH A N T­ 
ED FOREST 4 bedrooms, large living room and fam ily room, j Lovely sw im m ing pool tor the 
! summer. In the low 7o's. 

828-6391 Anytime 
Beanie Owens Co 
Realtors-NE Loop ole 

For Sale, by owner, condominium in Crown Ridge, 3 bedrooms, 2 bath, large polio, oil t story. Cus­ tom drapes, self cleaning oven 
Plush cameling amt other extras 
Must see to appreciate priced at 
*39,5oo, con assume 7*®V-A loon 
Call mornings or atter 
5pm. 
653-2728 

Las! Chance for the L AST ONE 
3 bedrooms, 
2 'j both new TO W N H O M E off 
R IT T IM A N ' NO CONDO F E E K 
CHOOSE 
YO U R 
C A R P E T 
CO LO R S ! 
VA F H I . 
*35,175 
878-6343, lutes 653 9596 
O M iu s & Associates 

O P E N 2 -5 
21o7 ORANGE BLOSSOM 

In B L O S S O M PARK , like new 
3 yr. old Garrett 
Bros — built 3 -2 -2 hom e in excellent condition. 
G o o d floor plan with fam ily room , central air and heat, covered patio. 
Vacant. 
N E 
Schools. 
$ 3 9 ,o o o . O p e n Terms. 

3 4 1 -6 1 3 6 

 t P E C i a 

R E A L T O R S 

I X 
I I i m i l L 
L 
V g 

OPEN 2-6 
1223o MADRIGAL 
(El DORADO) 

2 story family home on quiet cut de-sac Master bedroom ond bath down; 4 bedrooms and 2 bnths up 
Family room with fireplace Room for pool in large backyard. 
BILLY 
FELLOW 
69o-922o or 492-1251 

OPEN SUN 2 TO $ 
4141 HILDEBRAND 
I W HERE YOU GET YOUR MON 
E Y ’S WORTH i MONTE VISTA 
Historical Arco 
I for you ta see today This garden j effect, 4 bedrooms, 2 bath home 
I with maids quarters. A pleasure 
! to see. 
OPEN 2 TO 4 
159oo QUIET OAK 
■ The airness of o gombo, mingles 
: in this spacious 4 bedroom, 2 bath home. The yard is enhanced with gorgeous trees, so many extras 
; available tor you to see today . 
OPEN 2 TO 4 
41o2 BRETTON B H 
I 
SUPER SSPER SUPER 
I Just off N E 
Loop 41o, quality 
I features, neighborhood, ament 
I ties and outstanding buy for this i Super once model home of Village 
; North 3 bedrooms, 2 baths, super den plus SU PE R gam e room . 
Come by todau 
OPEN 2 TO 4 
12711 EL MARRO 
IN VALENCIA 
SHOUT IT OUT 
When you tell your friends about the new car­ peting and custom drapes you aet with this beautiful 3-2-2 plan with b eam ed ceilin g s 
O nly $245 month, on 7% VA loan 
OPEN 2 TO 5 
4211 SMOKE R H 
NO RTHERN HILLS 
Custom built 23oo sq. It one large 
22x15 den with massive fireplace. 
4 bedrooms, 2 baths, 2 car garage. 
Located on quiet cul-de-sac. 
656-3ooo Anytime 
Beanie Owens Co 
REALTORS-Perrin Beitel Ole 

HILLS ro HELOTES 
OPEN 2 TO 6 
Luxury home on rustic Hillside with massive cedar decking. 
559,5oo. 
146o3 STARCROSS 

SHENANDOAH SPECIAL 
OPEN 2 TO 6 
Nicely outfitted 3 bedroom, 2 bath home tor $8,ooo equity. 
41o3 RAMSGATE 

JOST LISTED 
OPEN 3 TO 6 
Custom Built, 4 bedroom, I' i bath j home with quality extras. $56,ooo i 
37o5 PRINCE GEORGE 

CASTLE PARK 
OPEN 2 TO 6 
Churchill High and the malls are I near this comfortable 3 bedroom j home 
911 BRIARCLIFF 
699-1ooo Anytime 

LUXURY CONDO 
Over 13oo sa ft of carefree living in this J bedroom, 2 both condo 
All appliances included. $29,9oo 
REALTOR 
*9113oo 

C e n t u r y 21 
ELAINE LUDW IG A ASSOC 

 m o o o T j n I t ^ 
IN Q U IR IE S IN V IT E D 
O N 
INCOME 
PROPERTIES 
HEY • Varina'. 
CIU MJP 
Locations 
INC 

I 

Flexible 
Terms 

STERLING BURKE 

REALTORS 
824 6351 

77o1 

21o H O U SISN Q R T T O 

LU XURY ON A SHOE STRING, that's what this adorable J be droom, Townhome will give you, no grass to cut, relax by th pool 
Priced in 3o's 
RED CARPET 
342 3111 
REALTORS 
684 o**3 

SENECA ESTATES 
3 bedroom , 2 'i bath, lu xu ry 2 story Townhouse. 2 car finished garaqc 14o.5oo *84-o711.684 8311, 
-344-4397 

T O W N H O M E 
P re s tig io u s M a ry m o n t a re a 
J I ’ t, balcony, patio, fireplace, low 4o’s 653-94o8 aft 5 
TURTLE CREEK VILLAGE 
Gorgeous J story, 3-2'<»-? with loft, overlo o kin g tire p la c e d liv in g a re a l Eauipped, kitchen with b re a k fa s t o rea, m aster suite down 
Landscaped potio-extrast 
$47,5oo 
MOCKINGBIRD POND 
Choice 3 bedroom , 2 ' j bath s, tow n house-style o v e rlo o k in g pond! Large living with fireplace, formal dining room, snativ elec­ tric kitchen. Pool and club house. 
$43,5oo 
69o 98o? 
GREAT AMERICA 
REALTORS 

TWQ STORY TOWNHOUSE 
Beautiful! Overlooks pool. J be­ drooms, fireplace in living area, garden patio. Only $43,8oo 
Call now. 
349-1436 Anytime 
BASSE WEILBACHER 
INC, REALTORS 
WOODBRIDGE TOWNHOMES 
In-town Loc. Super Amenities 
3to2 Eisenhower 
826 63o1 

OPEN SUN 2 TO 5 
1o7o6 OLD BLUE LANE 
(O FF 
SCENIC 
AND 
VANCE 
JACKSON) 
Executive home that is not only spacious but g ra c io u s ! S be drooms, 4 baths, entertainm ent concept at ifs best. 

828-639? Anytime 
Beanie Owens Co 
Realtors-NE Loop ofc 

2o8 APARTMENTS DUPLEXES 

D U P L E X , 1911 Pan Am H w y 
$16,95o. Close to Ft. Sam and 
Brdwy. 
______________ _ 

AFFORDABLE 
Lovely J bedroom, 2 bath home ta an excellent Northeast location 
Assumable equity with m onthly payments of SI89 Just right tor a beginning family Yours tor only 
$23,5oo Evenings 653-5651 
C e n tu ry 21 
DELANEY REAL TY6S3 OSSO 
A GOOD DEAL on this 3-2-i, in The Glen O ven terms to lit your budget or owner will help finance 
ROUGH R ID E R R E A LTY 
654-7111 
AH SCHOOLS JUST LIS TE D 
In Northridge. l-t% -J. Convenient bus, centers ond schools. 124-248* 
■ HARDY IS CO. REALTORS ■ 
AH SCHOOLS Terrell Hills State ly 7-story b rick, 4-3 plus q trs , 
3-car gar., 9-hole putting green. 
JONES KING 826 2439 
Alamo Heights, bv owner, 3 be- droom, V > baths, study, sunroom, c e n tra l a ir , c o m p le te ly remodeled. *52,ooo 828-712* 

ALAMO HEIGHTS SCHOOLS 
Well maintained fam ily home, $ bedrooms, 2 baths, large kitchen, den area with built-ins, fo rm a* living dining Mid 4o'$ 874-o214 
STEVE T. FINCH 

ALAMO HEIGHTS SCHOOLS 
4 bedrooms, 7 bath, double g a r­ age M id 4o'$. Tip-Top Shape* 
181o Edgehill. Call your agent 
A LA M O H E IG H T S 
P a te r s o n 
Ave all brick home p erfect to remodel 2 bdrm , I bath, Itv in * room, separate dining, breakfast room, small tamily sitting room area, great tot with pecan trees. 
S59.5oo WEST REALTY 656 4494 
A L A M O H E IG H T S 
B e a u tify * re c e n tly re m o d e le d hom e. I bdrm , carpeted, 2 bath, living! room with FP , separate dining room. Floors refinished, centra* heat and air, maid's quarters witty bath 
WEST R E A LT Y . *56-4494 
$63,5oo. 

O P E N 3 T O 6 
12518 INDEPENDENCE 
Owner anxious tor quick sale of this adoreable home. 4 bedrooms, lots of carpet. Self cleaning oven. 
Extras galore. In the mid 4o's. 

828-6391 A n y tim e 

Deanie O w e n s Co 
Realtors-NE Loop ole 
OPEN 2-5 Weather Permitting 
3o15 CHARTER ROCK 
G orgeous 3 b ed ro o m , lu x u ry home with a hobby room or office, 
OPEN LIVING AREA, fireplace, delig htful kitchen with double oven, custom drapes. A L L IN 
L IK E 
N E W 
C O N D IT IO N . 
341 72o1. O LIVE B IZZE LLE 
JOHN FLOURNOY IHC 

415 ROBIN NOOD 
OPEN 2-5 
See this 3-f'j-2. Convenient all AH 
Schools 824 2486 
HARDY & CO INC, REALTORS 

INCOME PROPERTY 
4 unit apt b u ild in g on W est 
Rosewood. S e p a ra te m e te rs . 
Good roof and foundation. Income 
$39o per mo, Open terms. 
GRACE LA IR D 736-4235 736-ooo7 
Northside, perm anent construc­ tion, I and 2 bedroom s. N e ar schools and bus. S u itable fo r home also 626-13o8 

ALAMO RRTS. 

4 UNITS 
Good renters, easy to keep, in­ come prop close to college. 
$28,ooo 
MAC REAL ESTATE 828 2521 

Brass Lanterns invite you into charming 2-t home, new carpe* covers lovely large tireplaced bv ing and dining room Country kit chen sports a shuttered bay win dow e atin g a re a . G lass ed if* laundry room overlooks covered p atio, fenced back y a rd 
By o w n er, $37,9oo 
135 
A R G O . 
824-o988 
No agents. Shown by appointment____________________ 
Alamo Hats Clean, modernized, 
3-2. Walk lo schools. Shopping. bus Central air 159,5oo 824 3o11. 

24 UNIT A P A R TM E N T Complex w ith la u n d ry fa c ilitie s and adequate parking. 
Good cash flow 
Tower View Inc. 732-6157 

21o HOUSES NORTHEAST 

A BEAUTY 
Large 4 2-2 on 1oox7oo lot with mony trees Excellent floorplan, separate living dining, den with fireplace, NE Schools 
494 5281 
494 4o23 
HILL COUNTRY REALTORS 
A BRICK FIR E PLA C E in o beau tiful family room! 3 bedroom, 2 bath home...close to M acArthur 
High and Regency schools! 
MON-FRI O PEN TIL SPM 
$26,96o 
REALTORS 
696 4811 
Guy Chipman Co 

Deanie O w e n s Co rollin g ridge 3 m o 

48o7 DOLLING FIELD 

REALTORS Turtle Creek Otc 

O A K H O L L O W E S T A T E S 
(OFF BROOK HOL LOW)- Better, than new! Handsome brick only 4 months old with custom draperies and lan d scap ed y a rd . 
One spacious living area with fire ­ place, cathedral ceilings Gour- \ met kitchen with dbl oven. 3-2-2. I 
Immediate possession. Reduced I to 551,95o. 826-2439 REALTORS 

ADJACENT TO WINDSOR M A LI 
- 3 bedrooms, 2 baths, Only $25o down, like new No credit? O.k.l 
922 2173, 6/5-9294, 673-47)4. 
PAT MC VEY REAL ESTATE 
TMF N U M B ! I) IO Cfi it ' 
IS 2 7 5 1 6 6 6 f X P R IS S A N O N I W S 

ALAMO HKTS SCHOOLS 
Custom built brick. Almost new with charm, spacious rooms, tor mal dining, separate living, fam i­ ly. J-2'/,-3. 824-457$ 
Nelson Cory, REALTORS 
Alam o Hats Schools. W alk to e le m e n ta ry , 3-2 2, b ric k . P a ­ roquet floor In living room, large yard. garden, excellent condition, near 41o, North Star ond now No 
EXP *39,95o. 721 Coronet 344 892o 
ALL ROCK, ranch style home irs 
Lee H igh d is tr ic t...h as 3 be drooms, 2 baths plus Quarters? 
Formal rooms with doors to pret­ ty putio and garden. 
24 HR TE LEPH O N E SERVICE 
$46,5oo. 
REALTORS 
696 4811 

A N X IO U S O W N E R in eleg an t 
Northwood Estates. 3 bedrooms, t baths, tamily room with fireplace 
Many butlt-ins. Call now. 
INTERSTATE 828-o755 til 8 pm 

FHI ACTION NUMB!g 
FOB I AST SISUL tv 
BL ACI TOUB WANT AO 
IN THI IXPSISS NIWS 
CAII 22$ 1666 

JONES«KING 

1o7o7 OLD BIDE LN. 
OAK CREEK NW 
OPEN HOUSE 1 5PM 
69o-158o 
OPEN 2-5 
135 BRITTANY 
Special Stucco in Olmos Park, 2-2, quarters and all the extras. AH 
Schools. 824-4571 
Nelson Cory, REALTORS 
OPEN HOUSE. Newly listed 75% brick, spotless 3 bedroom, 2 bath, double garage home, located near i 
Medical Center, lovely carpeting in living and ail bedrooms, with custom drapes ond raised brick fireplace in living room, lots of ' appliances in kitchen. You must j see this! Priced in Mid 3o s. In b ea u tifu l 
Tw in 
C ree k. 
6834 
BROOKVALE. Open 1-4. 681-o*6o 
RED CARPET 
OPEN HOUSE Sat Sun 1o 7 
BY OWNER- Woods of Shavano english style 2 story home 2JOO sq.ft. 4 bedrooms. 2% baths. I yr I old $73,9oo. 4So7 Shavano Woods 
492-1288 

Lo v ely 3-2 PLU S S T U D IO or gomeroom. 2 living areas. $37,9oo. 
824-4571 

Nelson Cory REALTORS 
R U S TIC C H A R M of rock and cedar. 3 bedroom, J bath, Saltillo tile floors, loft overlooking large living area with fireplace. Quiet master bedroom with sunken tub j in b a th , g a rd e n room type covered patio. Located on tree studded lot in Stagecoach Hills 
254oJ North Saddle Trail 698 1191 I 
Spacious older home. Walk to Lel­ and N im ifi 
345o sa lf, 3 be drooms, 3V* baths plus 2ox35 fin ished d o rm e r, to rm o l dining j room, 15x2o den. % acre tree lined lot. Low SO's. Assume *32! per mo ! or refinance, will trade 
BOB DePAOLO 
344-3o91 
REALTOR 

International Designer Pattern 

2:2o-5:oo 
OPEN HOUSE—SUNDAY 
566 E. CONGRESS 
Lovely 3 bedroom, 2 both. E ver­ ything about this home is 
PERFECT! 
684-o753 
6539 BANDERA 
M ARTIN EZ REALTORS 

O P E N H O U S E 
S A T .-S U N . 1-5 
WOODLAKE • Im m aculate 3-2-2 on a cul-de-sac Separate living, dining and tamily rooms. Custom drapes, w ater softener, utility room, covered patio. 66oo LAKE 
CLIFF. 
High 
3o$. 
661-7562, 
342-9393 
San Antonio Homeowners 
ASSOCIATION BROKERS 
342-9393_________ 
OPEN 2-5 
NORTHERN HILLS 
13819 KINGSBURY HILL 
Practically perfect 3 bedroom. 2 bath home, large single living orea. impressive rock fireplace, covered patio. $41,5oo 
RED CARPET 

4S15 TEM PLE H ILL 
OPEN SUNDAY 2-5 
Low est p ric e d 4 bed ro om in 
N o rthern H ills. Split-bedroom plan. Attention Veterans 
This home can be sold VA. 824 o171 
RED CARPET 
________ REALTORS__________ 
TE RR E LL HEIGHTS 
16o BRYN MAWR 
OPEN 2: till 
First time open Few for sate in this popular area 2-t. Just paint­ ed inside and out, redecorated 
Vacant 822-1223, 828-2316 
Dixie Rose, Realtor 
824-7334, Anytime_______ 

9oo TUXEDO 
TM I-O PEN 2-5 
Brick colonial on a corner lot with brick circular drive, 4 large be­ droom s, den w ith fire p la c e , separate dining room, new car­ peting, pius a lo vely pool tor summer fun. Cambridge Schools. 
Under $1oo,ooo. 
826-o6o6 
REALTORS 
824-6683 
SUE W EEMS A ASSOC 
KEY GROUP j 
WINDWOOD 
9567 VICTORIA Open 3-6 
Spacious 4 bedroom ranch style home with firep lace on over 2 acres. Lovely Borden, fruit trees. 
$69,9oo. 
REALTOR 
*91 13oo 
Century 21 
ELAINE LUDW IG A ASSOC 

2o4-PROPERTY BBT OF TOWR 

^ T K r ^ T ile e i^ P r ’T ^ O O rT T m r as is. Improvements. 3 bedroom, t bath, I bedroom, I both, 2 car garage apt and 2 bedroom. 1 bath. I 
Annual rental potential $4,86o. 9 biks to East Gate Ft Hood. No agents, call after 7pm 6S6-22I* 
3 Bedroom, 2 bath. IO Acres. Out- buildings. I 742-8oo2 
— nsrTWYxlRii"ss ? iiw >--------- 
CALL 2 2 5 -1 6 6 6 

Sow S p e e d y 

Y-31o6, M isses 
Y-31o6-T, Tall M isses 

Th is Sew Speedy bias-cut d ress has sle e v e s cut-in-one with the body. It has a center back zipper closing. 
F ab rics: double knit, light or medium weight wool, raw silk . Y-31o6 ta cut only in M isses S iz e s 8-16. Y-31o6-T is cut only in Tall M isses S iz e s 8-18. Size 12 and 12T requtre2 7/8 y ds. of 54” fabric. To order: send pattern number, siz e , name, address and zip. Price 92.oo plus 
3o4 postage for EACH pattern. 
Bi Centennial Issue of Spades Hair Fash ions by World 
Fam ous Hair Stylists — over 75 current d esign s, with information on hair care and at-home styling, *1 .2 5 postpaid. Make check payable to Spades. Send order* to this newspaper, c/o Sp ad es, 2 Bridge S t., Milford, 
N. J . o8848. Dept. 

A L L O W FIVE TO SIX 
WEEKS FOR DELIVERY 

^ 
3 4 2 9 3 9 3 
S[ so^ antonio 
Hi homeowners 
Aj association 

 th-m bb-mhkmi 
Son Antonio EXPRESS N EW S— Sunday May 15 1977 

D E M A N D L O C A T IO N 
Comfortable 
Itse lf 
Hilk Horn* 
Beautifully kept bright ond open J patios— pretty tot 826-3349, 826 
3738 
TERRILL H ILLS 
Lovely 
Contemporary with 
Californio style feel 
Split level, glossed entry, beautiful new r 

 unnel kitchen and garden room 
J 733 8946, 826 S6oo 
O L M O S P A R K 
Gracious I story thru-out 
High coved ceilings, lovely living room with fireplace, spacious dining, downstairs study, sitting room off master Inviting pool area and pts. 
826 3738, 824 5279 
G R EA T D O O V E R living room with fireplace plus dining 2 1 Guest house with bath, near Trinity 732-1291, 733 8946 
TERRELL HILLS 
Country Manor elegance SCHW plus sp ft., gracious entry, library, liv­ ing and dining room, large family room with fireplace Beautiful lot with pool and qts. 824 5279, 732- 
1291. 
C A R O L Y N G R A H A M 
Realtors 
826 8673 
Anytm e 

CAMELOT i 

 lu xu ry 
3 bedroom , 
2'/j 

 both townhouse in quiet 

 area. fully carpeted. 
Ex­ 

 cellent condition thruout. 

Double garage. 
7314 GLEN HAVEN 

Extra nice 3 bedroom , 2 

 bath home, central air-heat 

 ond completely carpeted. 

Garage converted to T.V. 

 room. Convenient to R a n ­ 

 dolph, Ft. Sam and W indsor 

Pork Wall. 
EAST TERRELL HILLS 

Comfortable 3 bedroom , 2 

 bath hom e with fireplace. 

Priced under $2o,ooo. 

FOR DETAILS AND VIEW ING 

CALL 653-o57o ANYTIME 

W ORLD W ID L R E A IT Y 

ALAMO HGTS.-TMI 

 lo o k in g fo r the u n u su al? 
W e h o v e a fin e rock h o m e in 
C h o ic e 
T M I lo c a tio n a m id m o n y o a k s. Sh u tte re d w in d o w s, g o u rm e t kitch en a n d m o n y o th er fe ature s. 
C all fo r d etails. 

824-o213 

COOK CO. REALTORS 

L U X U R IO U S 

W O O D S T O N E 

F U R N ISH ED M O D E L S 

WINDSOR SQUARE ioYfiy 3 
I 1 ? beth town* rn 
SM $r*€ #1 yoy«a Mum# frWfl#rv fistic a*d pf*vary hncgiS va'3 (cli 
NI SM this soars I?3 8oo Nrtes M 
6332 

NEAR WINDSOR 
PARK M A U 
4 HeVrsom J bath ham* with to-qr aporose forage for work area hone barbeque near real brtpiase en4 drums ream, lo*! Only $22,ooo 
Meet bib rseo 

ALMOST I ACRE 
4 bvko+m, % 
Home, I turf* Ny mf ra^ms. Family rsam witH tirtpfec*. iwH-ffii go* ore im tuffets p m i l efartmom. Over 34oo sq ft. Much mart! Calf far details Niles 
654-7SM. 

SAN 
PEDRO 
HILLS 

PRE-OWNED HOMES 
SEE THESE 
AND OVER 
9oo OTHER 
PREOWNED 
HOMES IN 
San Antonio's 
Fastest Growing 
Area 

GREAT INVESTMENT 

PROPERTY1 
Pretty yard with many trees this 3-1-1 home has 
2 pontrys in kitchen, stove and drapes remain well lighted work mea in gaiage $18,9oo Mites 
826 7668 
A U BRICK HOME 

Fresh os spnng 3-2 with finish ed game room oPEM tivina con- rppt 
Master bedroom 
18x1o, 
•tollhouse Mites 658-1428,.. 
DRAPES STAY 
A cathedral beamed ceiling lends spaciousness to this lovely 
3-2 2 home, located on a quiet cut-de sac. 
Available in late lune Mites 656 4781 
REAL CHARMER 

3 7-2, Volley Forge home law equity, nice lawn, paneled qaraqe, quick possession. Mites 
I22-W 38. 
STOVE-REFRIG.* 
3-1 Vt-I, nice trees, stove ond refrigerator remain, large pan­ try, priced to sell 
Mites 826- 

NORTHEA5T 

NORTHW OO D AREA - H acre loaded with pecan, fruit and shade trees1 Immaculate, torge 3 bedroom home with 2 beths. 
Iivmg-dining combo ond family roam at 68o6 Vandiver REDUCED 
- 
$39,95o 
822 58o6, 
342 
9393 
UVE OAK — ft Som only IO minutes oway from this 4-2-2 with 1764 sq ft! lorge Hilltop lot with no building behind * country feeling! A must see at 
7841 Village Oak $35,5oo 656 
7747, 342 9393 
KIRBY 
- 
APPRAISED 
AT 
579,9oo1 
But owner oskino 
529,4oo for this outstanding 5 bedroom home with 
16x31 family room, super stereo in­ tercom, woter softener, indirect lighting ond lovely landscaped lot! Coll or tome by 5118 Crown lone! 661 3925, 342 9393 
IKEN SED BROKERS 

5 % D O W N 
I 

C O N V EN T IO N A L J 

$1 D O W N V A I 

AU HOMES FEATURE: 

 i i/* 1oo% Brick Construction ✓ 
A 

I Handcrafted 
Woodburmng-B 

 i I Fireplace /■ Energy ✓ ' Soving I [ 
( 

Package is* Carpet ✓ Central " 

 heat air 
Deluxe Magic Chef all A ; 
Electric Kitchen i/ ' 2 Car Garage ■ 

A FEW HOM ES LEFT AT f i 

 i i 
$ 2 7 ,4 5 o to $ 32,95o a j 
I 
CALL 
I ! 
J 
6 5 6 - 5 4 7 4 
| 

I u s - H o m e I 

C EN TRA L T E X A S 
| 

; a r -' 

J 
BY O W N E R 
I 

 ta. n o r t h s t a r m a l l 
J 
* 
A REA 
* 
I 4 
3 -2 V j-2 . 
A la m o 
H e igh t* 
Schools. J story, la rg o liv - 
W a ing a re a w ith se p a ra te 
T+ 
A dining room , Florid a ro o m j I 
. o v e rlo o k in g b e au tifu l p o o l 
“ j. 
R and p atio, p riv a c y fenced, 6 a electric g a r a g e doors, one 4 j of o k in d e x p o s e d 
J I 
— h a rd w o o d staircase . 
W 
*• 
$ 4 9 ,5 o o firm . 
* 
494-1o69 
* 
* fa r a p p 't 
R - 
Ar ★ it it it Ar ★ Ar ★ ★ dr ★ & 

 large open living area 

 with fireplace Single story 

3 bedrooms, immaculate 

 condition. 

IN THE GLEN 

Too will rind this pretty 
3 bedroom, 2 both house on a quiet cul-de-sac with shade trees ond fenced yard. It s well-kept and a value af 
523,5oo. 
Nites coll 
Cooper Hightower 696 1427. 

NAYLOR REALTY 

GALLERY OF HOMES c eei-im M i -eiei b5b-sM« a 

NAYLOR REALTY 

GALLERY OF HOM ES 
656-552o 691-1121 
341-9191 

DEANIE 
OWENS CO. 

REALTORS—-M IS 

N. Central Ofc. 

YOU W ON T BELIEVE THIS 
M r. b righ t if se llin g hi* h o o t# an Shining Sto r a n d i f * ra c ily a sp arkle r, y o d a lto w o n ’t b elle vo tho lo w equity ho Is a s k in g fo r this 
3 b e d ro o m , 2 bath. C oll u t fo r detail*. 8 3 8 -5 7 o 4 . 

DO llH O USf 
Thi* b e au tifu l 3 b e d ro o m . 2 b ath ho m o h a* flu ffy n o w sh ag carp et thru out w ith fa m ily ro o m firep lace , dish w ash e r, g a r b a g e d isp osal, d oub le o v e n a n d 7 car g o ra g e 
Y o u m u st so# this one for $ 3 8 ,5 o o . 8 2 8 - 
5 7o4. 
__________ 

YOU W O N T BELIEVE THIS 
Mr. 
B righ t it te llin g hi* h a u te on Sh in in g S ta r an d if * re a lly a sp arkle r, yo u a lto w o n ’t b e lie v e the low equity he is a s k in g for this 
3 b e d ro o m , 2 bath. C oll u* fo r d e ta il* 8 2 8 -2 7 o 4 

DOLLHOUSF 

This b e a u tifu l 3 b e d ro o m , 
2 b ath h o m e h a * fluffy n e w sh a g ca rp e t thru out w ith fa m ily ro o m firep lace, d ish w ash e r, g a r b a g e d is­ p osal. d o u b le o v e n a n d 7 car g a r a g e . Y o u m u tt see this one fo r $ 3 8 ,5 o o . 8 2 8 - 
2 7 o 4 
_________________ 

R O O M F O R E V E R Y O N E in this beautiful 2 story contem ­ p o ra ry hom e. $ b ed room s, 2 % baths, one large living area with fireplace ond wetbar, separate dining room. Bright kitchen with breakfast area. Y o u n gste rs can eniov gam e room and profession­ a lly la n d sc a p e d y o rd . C a ll 
342-3211 A N Y T IM E 

C O R O N A D O 
V IL L A G E 
$5oo 
Down 
Brick 4-2-2, swim m ing pool and fireplace and oak trees I 
344 5564 Hart M cCorm ick 344-2993 
TRADE IN 

 y o u r o ld h o u se fo r a 

 new oil brick h om e . 
EASY TO DO: 

Y o u pick o n e o f o u r n e w 

 h om e s a n d w e ta k e y o u r 

 old h o u se in trad e. N o bother, n o d o u b le 

 p ay m e n ts. 

C a ll t o d a y o n h o w to 

 trode in y o u r o ld h o u se 

 o n a n e w oil b rick h om e . 
6 5 9 - o 4 7 1 

3-2-2 on tv, acres north of Loop 
16o4 and N E ISD . I la rge livin g area with double rock fireplace, big country style kitchen, large c o v e re d patio. B y o w n e r, no agents 549,9oo 342 o363, 497 3687 

S A L T IL L O T IL E , a c o u rty a rd ond a fireplace...all features of a lovely home in Oak Glen P a rk! 2 huge bedroom s, 2 baths...living, d ining room plus gard e n room and glassed in porch! 
M O N -F R I O P E N T IL BPM 
569,5oo. 
R E A L T O R S 
824-9631 

ATTENTION: EIR5T 5H oW IN G 

COUNTRY 

ATMOSPHERE 
IN OLMOS PARK 

Among towering trees, on splintered 
Vt arte with sparkling pool and spare for north south tennis courts, 
Totally rhorming ond decorot ed in exquisite taste 
Most hospitable 4o den, wet bar 
Comfortable family living and formal entertaining in this 4 bedroom, 
2'/? bath * plus quarters See this today1 

ENGLISH DESIGN 
Estate Grounds, Ancient trees 
Now— A classically beautiful 2 story Tudor on a fabulous treed acre 
5 3%-2, gnmeroom 
3 fireplaces TENNIS COURT Cen­ tral heat, on AH Schools 

QUALITY-CLASS 

THE IN LOCATION 

AH Schools lorge rooms in this chauri filled two story 5-4 3, quarters. Huge family room, fireplace, wetnor Chef's dream kitchen 
Owners thought of everything! 

826-2347 
REALTORS 

7 W O ODED ACRES 

Designed by 
o Neil 
Ford for present owner 
High, high ceilings, beautiful wide plonk flooring, standing seam copper roof, too mony extras to descrioe. 

SPANISH COIONIAI-TFM 

Delightful 
I story brick, on beautiful sp rin k le d grounds, with mature ooks Designed by owner-orrhitect with mony special handcrafted features. ~ 

O N 2 LARGE LOTS 

65oo sq ft of luxury at a fraction of replacement cost 
5 large bedrooms Plus 9x5 living room with oversired fireplace, banquet sired dining room, family room with wet bor and o custom designed greenhouse. 

TERRELL HILLS HILLTOP 

Completely restored interior with lovely custom kitchen and baths, living room 
(slate fireplace), lorge separate dining and breakfast rooms. 4 bedrooms, 7 sift ng rooms, high ceilings, dark 

 stained floors, new roof 

BEAUTIFUL COLONIAL 

2 story with basement game room living room 
(fireplace) separate dining, morning room, breakfast room ond powder room down. All lorge bedrooms up with dressing room off master suite. 
Spunklered grounds with pool. 

MAGNIFICENT TRUE 

Georgian Colonial Designed for present owner bv Bortlett Corke 
25 master bedroom with fireplace, lorge living room with fireplace, separate dining, brick floored walnut paneled family roam. beautiful gardened patio. 

C O U N T R Y L I V I N G 
At its belt 19 acres, trees galore. 
S p a cio u s 4 3-2. heated and a ir conditioned kennels for dogs and horses. Cyclone fencing around property 824-o171 

REALTY WORLD 
W B RODGERS, REALTORS 

8 1o7 B roadw ay 
S H I P I N P A R K 
3-2 2 in o pork like yord, lorge enough for olympia site pool, vegetable garden, or flowers. 
Automatic garage door opener 
Sparkling clean ond neat! Niles 
874 9811 
ENTERTAINERS 
DELIGHT 
Walk to elem school, ond pool from this super immaculate h o n * 
KING need master bedroom suite! Coll to see this better than NEW DESIGN III home with oversued covered polio, intercom, lerrozo entry, ond 
ERFE standing fireplace 
Mites 826 7668 or 658 1428 
PRESTIGE PLUS 
Pnvocy fenced 3-2-2 with fire­ place in beautiful, established neighborhood A 4- Rating so don I pass up! 536.6oo, Nites 
494 2191 

QUIET AND 
PEACEFUL 
This practically new 3-2-2 is located on a quiet street in o 
• lovely new neighborhood Many extras were included in original purchase, privacy fenced, nice lawn ond ook trees. Assume EHA or new loan Sell or will censider second tern 
Immediate oc­ cupancy Mites 656-8218. 
S W IM M IN G POOL 
On a quiet cul-de soc, 3-2-2 with well manicured lawn and quaint architectural style 
Refrigerator with teamaker ond oil drapes stay $32,95o Nites 
822 9438 
HONEYM O ONERS 
DELIGHT 
Picture perfect 3-1 16-1, OPEN 
AREA concept with vaulted ceilings 
Corner lot. sprinkler system, superb landscaping, freshly pointed, open terms. 
525,5oo Niles 658 1428 
GARDEN KITCHEN ' ] 
3-2-2, fully carpeted, garden kitchen, (overed polio. SUNKEN conversation area, fireplace, professionally landscaped 
Im­ mediate occupancy 
Randolph oieo Nites 658 1428 
UNDER $3o,ooo 

3-2-2 hos much TIC. Wolk to elementary 
Quick occupancy. 
Under S3o.ooo Niles 658-1428 
SACRIFICE 
Owned by Morton Southwest 
Realty, we will cut this price to the minimum to sell Move in now, 3-2-2, with formal living and dining rooms pius separate family room 
Privocy fenced yard Nites 824 9818 
ENGLISH STYLE 
Assume low equity on this extra dean, 4-2-2. Hos everything 
Must see now! Nites 494 2191 

PERFECT BEGINNING fresh 3-2-1 with fenced yord ond owner added extros 
Too numerous to mention! $27,2oo 
Coll nites 494-7191. 

 now, It can be sold. Real clean. 4 bedroom , 2 bath, 7 car garage. 
Oaks, fireoloce. Excellent loca­ tion Additional builders homes in the area. Wide selection. Call now! 
82 4 -2 3 9 1 { A n y t i m e ) 

" A W o rld of D iffe re n c e " 
For m em bership information 
349-o168, San Antonio 

(713) 622-39o1, Regional 

F IR S T 
T IM E 
E V E R O L M O S 
P A R K 
C harm ing home in beautiful set ting. Superb stone with tile root, perfect for entertaining, first floor hos center hall, living room ffire- placed). 9 It ceilings, large dining room , fam ily room, com pletely re m o d e le d k itc h e n a n d lo rg e breakfast room, lib ra ry and I baths, second floor h as 4 lorge bedroom s and 3 baths. This home is in mint condition 
824-3233. 
826-oo49 

SA N P E D R O H IL L S 
L u x u r y 3-2 2 M O D E L H O M E 
Carpeted. Cots of trees, c o u r ­ tyard. fantastic ftoorplan. LO W 
P A Y M E N T S . 656-1234 

L o v e ly 3 b e d ro o m hom e with country kitchen. C lose to e v e r­ ything, including N E. schools 
543,9oo. 
349-1436 Anytim e 

R E A L T O R S 
C O U N T Y O U R S A V IN G S on this 
2-story 4 bedroom, 2 bath, double qorage, top condition with lots of shade, walk to Elem school and near shopping 6S4-6S5S. 
BASSE WEILBACHER 
INC, R E A L T O R S 

R E A L T O R S -A ustin Hwy Ole 
Century 21 
W A Y N E FO G U S R E A L T Y 

C O N S ID E R O F F E R on equity of this large 3 b e d room s (m aster 
19x11), 2 'j decorator bath home 
I large living area with cathedral ceilings. 4 walk in closets 
M onte Horton 344-2341, 653-5936 
BO B JO N E S. R E A L T O R S 

• Naco Perrin Area • 
Beautiful 3 bedroom, I bath, with all paneled g a ra g e R e frig e ra ­ tor Ice m aker range-dishw asher- g a rb a g e d isp o sa l, w o sh e r and dryer all just like new, all these for only, $23,7oo, assum e or conv 
Hurry it won t lost! 

San Pedro Hills, 22oo sq.tt 2-story pow er save r hom e 
I Y r old, 4 large bedrooms, 2 % baths, 7 car g a r a g e , fire p la c e in p a n e le d fam ily room , c o o ks' dream kit­ chen, privacy fence, large shade trees. M id 6o’% Coll 494 1158 for appointment______________________ 

S A N P E D R O H I L L S 
Owner Iransf. is reason this cu s­ tom 1oo% rock hom e is now of­ fered. 4 large bedrooms, separate living and dining plus breakfast area E n e rg y - savin g features, drapes, water softener ond more 
Screened porch. 824-o171 

Open House 4151 Hillswind. 3-2 2, living-dining combo, fam ily room, newly carpeted. 656-2515_________ 
O P E N 
S A T U R D A Y 
A N O 
S U N D A Y 
E L D O R A D O B Y O W N E R 
SHO R IS A O A 653-5556 
4-2-2, 1945 sa ft. plus paneled g a r­ age, living room , dining room , breakfast area, fam ily room with fireplace, utility room , terrazo entry, porch and patio, a c ro ss fro m la k e , la r g e tre e s, n ice landscaping. Open terms. $5o,2oo 

Sp a rklin g, well kept, heat, air, range, shady fenced lot. Walk to 
M acArthur High Call now 
732-7987S T E V E M A R T IN 735-o825 
D o c t o r 's H ouse. T r e e s! 3 b e ­ d ro o m , 2 bath, stu d y . A ll ap- plionces built in S39.Soo. 656-o322. 

FO R S A L E or R E N T - Fox Run. 
4 2-2, 1992 sq ft fireplace, pool, covered patio, 655-2981 __________ 
B Y O W N E R Son Pedro Hills. N E schools. Lorge 5 bedroom s, 242o sa ft. liv in g area. A ss u m p tio n 
555,9oo 494 1433__________________ 
R E A L T O R S tor shopping and m ilitary bases. 
Low payments, on this 3 bedroom, 
I bath, I cor garage. Central air and heat, range garbage disposal. chain linked fence, priced at 
521,5oo.________ __ 

S A N P E D R O H I L L S 
Im m a c u la te 4 b d rm ho m e on cul-de-sac. Single living area with 
F P . Beautiful la rge b a c k y a rd 
Priced in upper 4o's. 824-o171 
By owner: San Pedro Hilts 
Blick 4-2-2-2, FP, fully shuttered. large lot-trees. info: D r H arris, day 221-5746, nite 494-1423_______ 

JU ST L IS T E D — and won't last! 
Rock and cedar 4 bedroom home, in N E I S D Close to shopping. 
Beautiful yard. U n d e r 53o.ooo. 
Low equity and low payments. 

Out W A L Z E M 3-2-1 appliances, air, oniy 53oo down anyone! 
344-5564 Hart M cCorm ick 344-2993 
<58-3535 A ctin e 
Beanie Owens Co 

By owner. San Pedro Hills model home, 3-2-2. corner lot. Ig trees, paneled den, fireplace, breakfast b ay, se p utility, p riv fe n ce d , g re e n h o u s e , m a n y e x t ra s . 
547,5oo, 494 32o5 oft 5 no agents. 
82B63SH A M irre 

Beanie Owens Co 

 is yo u rs in fab ulous T h o u san d 
Ooks! These spacious 3 and 4 be­ droom beauties com bine glass, stone, ond cedar to create homes of lasting value. See them now before they are all sold! 69o-95o2. 

R E A L T O R S Randolph Ofc 
S E L L P H A VA 
4-2-2, den, form al living- dining combination, kitchen with b re a k­ fast area. P riv a c y fence, shade trees. Low 3o s. N ear Loop 41o. 
349-65o3, 654-6296 

G R E A T I N V E S T M E N T 
P R O P E R T Y 
3-2-1. form al living room and den, sto ra g e shed, n ic e -siz e y a rd 
529,ooo. 824-o171 

Realtors N E Loop ofc 
F R E E R eferrals to other hom es 
"F o r Sale By O w ner" 342-9393. 
Son Antonio Hom eowners Broker 
Bring your paint brush, no down to anyone, 3-4 bedrooms, 2 baths, some with air and all appliances, paym ents less than rent 
B O B O e P A O LO 
344 3o91_______________ R E A L T O R 

RED CARPET 
R E A L T O R S 

B E A U T I F U L 
3 
B E D R O O M 
H O M E with paym ents under 516o. 
Owner anxious to sell. No down 
VA. call now 
H U G H E S ti B R IS C O E 
924-4331 
R E A L T O R S 
675-o696 

| B Y O W N E R Sierra North 53,ooo 
I Equity take over pints at 5216 mo. i 3-2-1- Central heat- oir. P riv a c y 
I fence. Walk to El Dorado schools. 
Coll 6SS-4S75 
B y O w n e r 
S P A C IO U S A N O 
I S P A R K L IN G 3-2-2. All amenities. 
W alk to p re fe rre d N E School. 
Many, m any extras. Low $4o's 
I 653-9319__________________________ 

S P A N IS H 3-2-2 5475 Down 
Anyone! Valley Forge. Separate living, dining, family ond break­ fast rooms, appliances, bright spacious rooms, privacy fence ond much more, only $38,97$. 
344 5564 Hart M cCorm ick 344-2993 
S W IM in Coronado Village. This luxury brick 4-2-2 in U.C. has a pool, patio, fireplace, den, a p ­ pliances, w all to wall, fin ish e d garage, corner lot. Nothing down if your incom e exceeds 52o,ooo annually. Paym ents $45o month. 
Bob 
Thom pson 
341-7693 
IN T E R S T A T E . 
______ 

Landmark Realtors 

$19,95o. 3 bedroom , I bath, with retrig, d ish w ash e r, range. Coil now! King Arthur Real Estate. 
656-6493.__________________________ 

 w ith th is f re s h ly p a in te d im ­ m a c u la te b ric k ho m e in 
M acArthur Terroce. 3 bedroom s plus dressin g room Lovely fire­ place, m ony extras 
SSI,SOO. 
J44-8348 
G ra ce A rn o ld 
R E A L T O R S M L S 
H A N D Y M A N S D E L IG H T 
T h is recently listed 3 bedroom home will challenge yo u r m a in ­ tenance skills. A ssu m e or new conventional loan only. F o r de­ tails, ask for Ray 655-9656 

B E A U T IF U L L Y M A IN T A IN E D 
TO W N H O M E neor W indsor Mall. 
3 bedrooms, 2'-? baths plus sitting room or office area, living, dining, fam ily room s. C o v e re d patio, green house. E x tra s galore! A s ­ sume 7% VA loon at 52o8. month. 
494 7651 A N Y T IM E 

T h is F U L L Y C A R P E T E D 3 be droom, 2 both home in Live Oak 
A S S U M E LOW E Q U IT Y and 52S9 m onthly or refinance, 529,9oo 
828-6343, nites 656 ooo7 

P A T IO P A R T IE S ! Hold them on this 39x1$ covered patio! All brick hom e has 3 bedroom s, 2 baths- 
...living, fam ily room s! 
M O N -F R I O P E N T IL S P M 
534,5oo 
R E A L T O R S 
494-7771 

TERRELL HULS A H Schools 

On a beautiful, sprinkler*!} cornel lot with circular drive, Arizona ledgestone, I story with thick shake roof, 4 or 5 bedrooms plus quarters 3 cor concrete floored garage. Completely charming 

HISTORICAL AREA 

On o 35o deep lot and 4 bedroom plus 2 sitting rooms up. Gracious center entrance hall, formol living dining rooms, library, brick floored breakfast room, lorge morning rooms, oil modern kit­ chen with chopping block island, enormous Ollie. 824-3233, 822- 
5973. 822 91o3, 826-oo49 

Spacious 4-2-2 nestled am ong 7o trees on hillside cul-de-sac, 7 liv­ ing areas, huge stone fireplace, intercom, m any built ins. Prestige orca 555,9oo 658-4o86____________ 

 on mint con dition 3-2-1. P a v m 
$255 Better thon rent. Call now 
828-4545 P R IA K O S R L T Y 654-o975 
L IV E O A K 
3-2-1, built-in kitchen, lo rg e be­ drooms, separate carpeted living and family rooms. Covered patio, extra nice home. Open terms. 

Swim in your own pool. Conven­ ient to R andolph, L o ve ly 4-2-2, fomiiy room, fireplace, heat-air, appliances, large corner lot. No down paym ent to anyone. 548,5oo total, paym ents less than rent! 
B O B O ePA O LO 
344-3o91_______________ R E A L T O R 

W IN D C R E S T , 4 2, 5514 C r o s s ­ wind, Terrell Hgts, 2-1, 16o Bryn 
M aw r, 
(Bolti hom es 
O P E N today.) 

6o23 W interhaven in W indcrest. 
This charm er hos 5 bedroom s, or 
4 bedroom s plus study with m any extra features 587,5oo 
824 2385 JO H N M A T H IS 653-7ooo 
Salt: 8 Assoc. Realtors 
E A S T T E R R E L L H IL L S 
Delightfully decorated 3 bedroom home in Q uiet neighborhood. Bon­ us room that could be a den or other bedroom. Nice yard. All for 
521,75o 826-6388. 655-7355 

R E A L T O R S SO Y e a rs Q< T R U ST 
4 B E D R O O M B E A U T Y 
| 
A ro o m y den w ith fire p la c e i separates the 4 bedroom and 7 baths, from the form al dining and j living areas. Scre e n e d F l o r id a i room tor plants and additional recreational area. 
$54,5oo. j 
656-7717 

Bv owner. 2-story, 4 bedroom s. 2 baths form al livin g and d in in g room, den, fenced. N E schools, 
533,975. 828-2656 after 6pm._______ 
Century 21 
D E L A N E Y R E A L T Y 653 OSSO 

Im m a c u la te 3 -1 -1 , fre sh a s a daisy. Spacious open living area, m any decorator features, m a n ­ icured lawn. N ortheast schools, walk to shopping centers. Assum e 
$17o month or refinance VA, F H A or Conv, at $23,5oo 
824 2385 
Sally Weir 
656-4o68 
S E IT Z & A SSO C , R E A L T O R S 

Century 21 
*53-8131 Bill P arkin s Rlty657 14 

824-7334, Anytim e 
The Crest in Live Oak, lovely, I owner. 3-2-2, 2 living oreos, large back y a rd with p riv a c y fence. 
54ooo+ 7 % loan. 653-715o._______ _ tty 657-1475 
Living in o well built 2-story home, with cathedral ceilings, an excel­ lent floor plan, form al living and dining, % blk from M a c A rt h u r and swim club, walk to elem en­ tary schools and shopping. 3-2' j -2, 
544,ooo. 828-2356, owner-agent. 
Century 21 
Located in the H ills. B u y V A , 
F H A , C onventional or assum e. 
Call right away, you'll want to buy this 3 bedrooms, 2 full baths, den, central heat-air, 2 c a r garage. 
Call Ann 
EHA 
JACK MITCHELL 
532-31o7 
R e alto r 
643-33o7 

C o n te m p o ra ry lu x u ry in th is 3 bedroom, 3 both home, open floor plan, tremendous corner location. 
N E Schools -courtyard entrance. 
Lorge entertaining area, electric kitchen, 3 b e d ro o m s, 2 b aths, don’t m iss seeing this home, call tor details. 
822-33o1 after 
S, 
828-45oo 

By owner, the crest in Live Oak. perfect cond, 3-2-2, living, den with FP, 1482 sq.ft., cent air-heat, new W-W carpet, assum e or 51825 move in new loan. Seller pays all closing 656 8123._________________ 

Jam es Glascock A Assoc 
4 BEDROOM S P E C IA L 
2 baths, fenced yard, central air, l-cor gorage, 525,ooo Poy $1,ooo ond move in. $235 monthly. See at 
12327 
LA 
B A R C A 
492-1o72. 
658-o29o.__________________________ 

P L A N N IN G Y O U R N E W H O M E ? 
See B u ild e r's plans, can be cu s­ tomized for you, price range to 
56o,ooo New N E Addition near 
Madison Hi. 824-45o7 

822-1154 
Since 1945 
822-1532 
T E R R E L L H IL L S ...Lorge. treed lot! 3 bedroom, 2 bath home has livin g, d in in g ro o m s and pine paneled fam ily room! 
Fresh paint! 
24 HR T E L E P H O N E S E R V IC E 
537.5oo. 
R E A L T O R S 
824-9631 

Reavis Realty 
E l Dorado area, priced m ore than 
53.ooo below m arket value, 3-2-2, m any extras. 653-o276____________ 

B Y O W N E R - Valencia. 4 3 2, on cul-de-sac. 25oo sq.tt of functional luxury includes 2 m aster suites. 
L o ts of e x tra s tor fa m ily that values comtort, convenience and privacy. 654-1286_________________ 

Spacious 3 bedroom, 2 bath, gar oge, playroom , central air-heat, with garden ready to h a rv e st 
M any extras. 526,ooo V A 
RO U G H R ID E R R E A L T Y 
___________654-7131_____________ 

Looking for a b a rg a in ? Lovely, 
3-1%, carpeted, central air and heat, walk to three schools and 
W indosr Moll. Only 523,6oo. Large equity. 655-53o7___________________ 

L O W E Q U I T Y 
Convenient to Ft. Sam ond R a n ­ dolph. 3 bedroom, 2 bath with a bonus room. Corner lot for boat or ca m p e r p a r k in g . S e e to a p ­ preciate. Call 824-o171 tor appt. 

3 yr old 2-story hom e in E l Oo- rodo, form al liv in g and d in in g rooms, den with stone fireplace, eat-in kitchen, 3 full baths, util, room, carpeted, draped, in te r­ com, oversized double garoge. e x tra la rg e fe n ce d y a rd , low 
56o s. By owner. 656 326o_______ 

L u x u ry hom e 4-2-2, nice pool, fireplace, neor R andolph, good neighborhood. Sells in 5 days for 
$48,5oo, be first! 
344-75o5 
Anytime. 
L Y N N M. C R E E L V A B R O K E R 
NO DO W N to anyone, new list of 
Governm ent approved • financed homes. 3-4 bedroom s. Som e ap­ pliances. First paym ent July. 
222-9616TERRA R E A L T Y 2 4 H R S 

C o rn e r lot, 4 bed room , 7 bath home. Built-in m icrow ave oven. 
Spacious, great for entertaining. 
824-o171 

B Y O W N E R . V A L E N C IA 4 2-2, cul-de-sac, w alk to school and pool. 7% V A .P IT I $286 + equity or term s 653-8437. 127o3 Lo Fonda. 
Exceptional value al 54o.9oo 

B e au tifu l la rg e hom e, a p p rox. 
2,ooo sq ft. 4 bedrooms, 2 baths, 2 ca r garage, fireplace in fam ily room Only 55o,5oo Refinance or assum e low monthly payments. 
*53-435o 

4 bedroom, 2' z baths, plus living room , din in g room and fam ily room, carpet, kitchen appliances, ond new paint in and out. fenced, corner lot, w alk to elem entary ond high sch o o l for N o rth e a st 
Park. Nites 826-7293. 

H A R M O N Y N IL L S 
J U S T L IS T E D ! absolutely beautiful oil brick, 4 bedrooms. 2 Vt baths, fireplace in lorge family roam on quiet and dignified street Yet convenient to everything. Coll now for opp! 494- 
1951. 
M U S T SELL! 
QUICK POSSESSION Immaculate 3- 
2-2, beautifully designed, formal living, formal dining, spacious family room, 2 cor finished garoge, beautifully landscaped yard with privacy fence 3o s. Call now! 494- 
1951 

Custom built 3-2-2, rock home on large lot, loft gam e room, opens to w ood d e ck o v r lo o k in g la r g e ranch. Energy package, top line appliances, wood b u rn in g fire ­ place. 7’ 7% assum ption available 
No city loxes, m any more extras. 
494-16o1 494-3o12 

T E R R E L L H I L L S 
Wouldn't you rather live closer to town in a lo v e ly e s ta b lis h e d neighborhood? See this gracious 3 bdrm, 3 bath home with a m an­ sized backyard. 545,ooo. 824-o171, 
Niles 655-8421 

B v ow ner, V alle y Forge, 4 2 2, conventional or assum e 7 % V A 
Spacious, room y, cab inets and closets galore 548,5oo 656-7183. 
Century 21 
The Glen 3 bedroom s, 2 baths, central heat-air, carpet, coll we have others in a re a. 824-4521, nites 337-8478 

B y ow ner. V alle y Forge. 4-2-2, form al d in in g room , fireplace, utility room , 2 patios, p riv a c y fenced. 54o,9oo. 653-5669.__________ 

R E A L T O R S Walzem Ofc 
R E A L T O R S 
M O N E Y S A V E R S R E A L T Y 
656-242o A N Y T IM E 
E L D O R A D O 
3-2-2, land scap ed to p erfection and complete with a hobby lobby 
Self cleaning oven, water softener and refrig, too Coll 6S6-1234 

$3o,6oo P R IC E B E L O W V A. A P 
P R A IS A L ! Beautifully carpeted 3 bed room , 2 bath hom e in fine area Complete electric kitchen. 
L a rg e co ve re d patio. F re s h ly pointed insid e and out- Ju st 4 years old. 824 o121 A N Y T IM E 

D A Y O R N IT E 
6 5 5 - 6 8 4 8 
L a r g e 3 b e d ro o m h o m e w ith separate living, dining and family room. Big yard with m any trees 
545.5oo. 
*53-435o 

H O M E H IG H SC H O O L 
[Only 4 years old This 3 bedroom 
Thorne is located in a popular, tost growing area that is convenient to all air bases. Range and refriger­ ator go with it and it is centrally air conditioned ond carpeted A sewing room has been provided as a bonus. We can refinance this home or you may assum e the ex­ isting low interest V A loan. Call 
494-2427 this weekend and ask for 
Dino or coli 822-58o8 anytim e 9-9. 
E D G IL B E R T R E A L T O R S 

T H O U S A N D O A K S . 3 -2 ', , large gam e room, 22oo sa lt. 
563,9oo. 494-7418, if no answ er 
494-3981 

R E A L T O R S 
B u t not the a v e r a g e g a rd e n home! Custom designed for lu x­ u rio u s, ca re fre e liv in g , id e al location, better thon new condi­ tion. quality throughout, 2-2 with study, sewing room-oftice, 3 car ga ra ge equivalent with storage and workbench, grow ing garden, p lu s m a n y o th e r e x t ra s b u ilt arou n d 2Soo sq.ft. of o ir co n d i­ tioned spacOjSSMrcU.____________ 

N O R T H E R N H I L L S 
C o rn e r lot, 4 b ed room , 2 bath home Built-in m icrow ave oven. 
Spacious, great for entertaining. 
824-o171 

Are you priced out of the m arket? 
See this 3 bedroom. I bath, central h e a t-a ir, sto ve , d is h w a s h e r, beautiful yard, Northeast schools. 
$23,75o. 655-7713 
T A N G L E W O O D R E A L T Y 

 southwest r e n t t i i 
ROSOW & KLINE 
R E A L T O R S-5 o Y e ars of T R U S T 

T h is is o u r " H O M E O F T H E 
W E E K ". Offering tor those of you who are d iscrim in ating buyers, la rge fam ily and livin g com bo, fireplace, vaulted ceilings, priced in 3o's. Assum e loan. Call 822-33o1 atter 5 Inez H orny 735-6638 

To settle estate, N E, 3-2-2, storm windows, F P , IC system , I blk pool, clubhouse. 656-2281. 
T O W N H O U S E 
2 B e d ro o m . I lorge both with vanity. All kitchen a p p lia n c e s, d ra p e s , p r iv a c y fence. Store room, $5oo A ssum e p a y m e n ts of 5182. mo. M U S T 
S E L L T H IS M O N TH . Atter 5pm 
822-3958.____________________ 

 iRS-5o Years of T R U S T 
R E A L T O R S W alzem Ofc 
C U D D Y -G L A S C O C K 
LOW. LOW EQUITY 
Ow ner Wirt con sid er ca rry in g o second lein on th is 3 bed room home with central heat and air, refrigerates dishw asher, range 
Only $23,5oo. Niles, 225-21o9. 
349-4343 Anytim e 

LISTEN TO THIS! 

E x tra nice, 3 - 2 - 2 with a p a tio kitchen, o n e lo rge livin g a re a , p riv a c y fe nced c orn e r lo catio n . C lo se to s h o p p in g 
$ 3 1 , 5 o o . 3 4 2 - 
4 1 7 7 , rotes 3 4 2 - 2 9 4 7 . 

$3,1oo EQUITY! 
A ss u m e lo o n o n this sh a rp 
3 -2 2, b ig liv in g a re a, built-in kitchen, h ea t a n d air. 
R e frig e ra to r a n d 
■Jove 
O n ly 
$ 2 9 , 9 o o . 
3 4 2 - 4 1 7 7 , n ite s 
4 9 ? - 
1 1 1 3 . 
REALTY 
WORLD 
Bill Southern 

R E A L T O R S 
Come fail in love. 824-o171 
C h a rm in g c o u n try hom e w ith curved rock drivew ay and rock fence. 3 bedroom s, 2 baths, fam ily room with firepalace. Extra room off garage. Ail kitchen appliances, plus w asher and dryer. O ve r I acre, in Northwood Hills. 
*58-3535 Anytim e 

B y owner, pay equity ond $238 mo. 4-2-2, Available now. 661-3756 
A R E A L SH O W O F F . M odestly priced, practiollv perfect. 3 be droom, J bath home, lorge single living area, im pressive rock fire­ p la ce , c o v e re d p atio, p r ic e d reduced to 541,5oo 

B Y O W N E R - 3-2-2 with 4th b e ­ droom or study. Assum e 7 % VA. 
Low equity. N E schools. N e a r 
Randolph-Ft. Sam 654-6298 
By anxious owner, com fortable 
3-2-1, N orthstar M a ll area, low 
3o s call today’ 341 5o83_________ 
R E A L T O R S 
Son Pedro Hills orea, 4-2-2, fire­ place, carpel, appl's, utility room. 
828-4545 P R I A K O S R L T Y 654 o975 

By owner, Woodlake, cul-de-sac, 
3-2-2, livin g room , and paneled fam ly room . cathedral ceilings, fully, covered patio, landscaped, privacy fenced, upper $3o,’s. As- sume 7% V-A, 661-771o.____________ 

B y owner, soda dispensers, built in stereo system, full wetbar This 
19oo sq.ft. 2 bedroom, 2 both cus­ tom built home is an entertainer's d re a m ! O nly 546,5oo C all a n y ­ time 822-5539 or 342-3174_________ 

B Y O W N E R , 3-2-2, I blk o* Hi 
School. Fireplace, huge tam ily- liv in g room w ith c a th e d ra l ceiling. $37,9oo. conv, or assum e 
5293 per mo. + equtty 656-1169 
BY O W N ER C A M E L O T ll 
IM M A C U L A T E 4-2-1, c a rp e ts, built-ins, beautiful fenced yord. 
527,5oo. 52ooo down, p aym ents 
524o mo Boerne Tx 336-2442. 
B Y O W N E R -Camelot ll Like new 
3-2-, large fireplaced den, carpets, built-ins, fenced M o n y extras. 
538,ooo. 53,ooo dow n, 5336 mo. 
1-336-2442, Boerne, Tx 
By owner, 3-1-1, cent air-heat, 
517,6oo $4ooo eq uity, a ss u m e ovm ts 5142 658-1198. See at 21o 
Michelle, Converse______________ 

T R A D E - I N 
Your old house for this new lux­ u ry g a rd e n hom e in N o rth e rn 
Hills. 3 bedroom s with 2 baths and a 2-car g a ra g e . D e c o ra te d in earth tones. View the golf course. 
Call 824-o171 for private showing. 

B ig S p a n is h 2 sto r y 4-2-2. a golfer's dream. Available today! 
R E A LT O R S-B lo n co Rd. Ofc 
342-3111 
R E A L T O R S 
496-5o77 
3-2 Plus den Low interest rate 
Excellent location. Open Sunday. 
M ay 15, 2-5. 
M C D O N A L D R E A L T Y 
342-3274 or 822-1737 

R E ALTO R S-R andolph Ofc 
C A M E L O T 
3-2-2 home on large lot. Fireplace, drapes and carpet. Open term s 
LOW monthly payments. 656-1234 

Take your choice. Prof. decorated 
3-2-2 with pool or a beautiful 4-2-2 on a quiet cul-de-sac. W ill con­ sider leasing the 4-2-2. 
Better hurry! 

E. Terrell Hills, 3-1% plush den, real nice, only $24,5oo 
828-o645 
734 1766 
734-4117 
W ATSO N & SON R E A L T O R S 

A s New immaculate, J bedroom. 
1 % bath. 
P ric e d to S E L L 
<531.ooo.) Vacant, O w ner ca rry 
R O Y A L R ID G E , of course! 
824-2391 (A n ytim e ) 

4 bedroom s, double garage, all b r ic k b e a u ty. M a n y e x t r a s ! 
535,5oo, assum e or refinance. 

This is a super buy at $57,55o. All brick 4 bedroom home with 228o sa ft. la rg e fire p la c e , lo ve ly covered patio. Full of amenities. 
433-6658 nites. 
349-4343 Anytim e 

Im m acu late 3-2-2 with covered patio, privacy fence and finished gorage 4146 Barrington. Village 
North, off Perrin Bertel. 653 3431 
Lovely custom home on beautiful oak treed lot; every lu xu ry fea­ ture including large heated pool, sprinkler system, 4-3-2. 824-4571 

E V E R Y O N E IN T H E P O O L . 
M om and Dad can join in the fun, too because th is im m a cu la te 4 bedroom. 3’ i bath home is ready for occupancy. Excellent neigh­ borhood, excellent financing, ex­ cellent schools. 654-6555. 

B a r g a in h u n t in g ? W e h a v e 2 homes to choose from . One 3-2-2 and a 4-2-2. Cai! today! 

IM M E D IA T E 
P O S S E S S IO N 
Camelot 
Im m aculate 3-2-2, appliances, air, separate fam ily and liv­ ing rooms, assum e $295 month no qualifying, 519oo equity! 
344-5564 Hor! M cCorm ick 344-2993 
3-2-2 in Olympia Bv Owner. Full carpet, all opals, fenced. Drapes. 
Open financing. 655-o454__________ 
IN T E R R E L L H ILL S, meticulous 
3 bedroom, 2' t bath with den and m usic room in a stately setting on corner lot. Over 22oo sq. It. Call for appt. 
H U G H E S & B R IS C O E 
924-4331 
R E A L T O R S 
333-9358 

Beautiful 4 bedroom, 3 bath home next to sw im pool a n d te n n is courts- A P L U S ! Fireplace, wet b o r w ith te a m a k e r in fo m iiy room. 824-4571 

Large 4 bedroom, 2 '; bath home situated on o quiet cul de sac. 
Fully carpeted, 2 living areas with fireplace in fam ily room. N orth­ east schools. Available now Fo r viewing, call 654-1844 A N Y T IM E 

R E A L TORS-Austin Hwy Ofc 
A ssu m e from owner, save, Old 
Camelot, 3-2Luxury-2. Fireplace, d en 
T o o m u c h to m e n tio n , 
$36,5oo, m ore intor coll, 653-3289 

R E A L T O R S-B la n c o Rd. Ofc 
R E D U C E D IN W IN D C R E S T ! 
Beautifully landscaped, all brick home with 5 bedrooms, 2 'z baths, has form al living, dining rooms- 
...fam ily room with fire p lac e ! 
Covered patio! Close to Roosevelt 
High! 
24 HR T E L E P H O N E S E R V IC E 
$9o,5oo. 
R E A L T O R S 
494-7771 

Outstanding 4-2-2, priced to sell. 
Available immediately. 
By owner, 3-2-2, close lo schools, buses, malls, built-ins in kitchen, covered patio ond trees. 922 Mf 
Serolod. Call M r G ro ss 225-5251 or 492-161o. 
__ 
Century 21 
W A Y N E FO G U S R E A L T Y 

B Y O W N E R 
3-1’ i- l, f re s h ly p a in te d , c a rp e te d , s p a r k lin g cleon 
B ig kitchen with lots of cab in e ts B u ilt-in sto ve sta ys. 
L a rg e fenced y o rd with 1ox16 
Bam b oo and wood plant room 
Central air-heat $25,ooo or eauitv ond assum e 5172 SO. 654-15o4 

S U B S T A N T IA L L Y B E L O W A P ­ 
P R A IS E D P R IC E !! 4 bedrooms, 
3 baths, fireplace in glassed living are a, b e a u tifu l o a k c o v e re d grounds com plim ent sw im m in g pool. 824-o284 

G y owner. 4-2-2, with lorge den, located in W in d so r P a rk M a ll area within walking distance of 3 sch o o ls and sh o p p in g co n fe rs. 
Asking 538,5oo. Call 657-ooo8 day. 
655 8462 rotes____________________ 

C A M E L O T I. Im m aculate 3-2, dan 
14x27, carpet, central heat-air. over 155o sq ft. 535,875 655-3948 

NOW YO U S E E IT 
Soon you won't! Beautiful 3-2-2, well maintained, central air-heat, beamed ceilings, m any other fea­ tures. 
Below 
53o,ooo. 
Nites 
655-2686. 

4 bedrooms, 2 % baths, separate d in in g room and liv in g room . 
Fireplace in fam ily room. Profes­ sionally landscaped. Auto garage door opener. 
*5 3 -4 3 5 o 

BY O W NER, Dream land Oaks, 3 bedroom, 2 bath, approx. 2ooo sa ft 
L a r g e patio, m a n y tre e s. 
537,ooo By appt only 344-468o 

E x ce lle n t location 
3 B R , club bath 
Immaculate. 
53o,5oo 
655-5174_____________________ 
E X E C U T IV E T R A N S F E R R E D 
B y ow ner, E l D o ra d o , 4-2-2, formal living ond dining, den with fireplace, approx 2ooo sq.ft. 7 % % 
VA. 656-6833._____________________ 

L arg e 4 bedroom , 2 'j both, fo r­ mal living and dining, den. 
542,5oo. 
655-5131 anytim e 
R E A L T O R S 
V IR G IN IA C E R V E N K A 
Century 21 
In the countryside A lm ost new split level 4 bedrooms, 2’ 2 baths, beautifully decorated, separate dining, huge den with corner fire­ place Custom draped 341-72o1, nites 344 9956 A sk for C H R IS ­ 
T IN E E M E R S O N 

Im m a cu la te 3-2-2 built a ro u n d blooming atrium. 1oo% stucco, 2o' covered patio, lovely la n d sc a p ­ ing, convenient to Randolph, Ft. 
Sam. 539.ooo. Niles 655-7492 

Free brochure tells how buyers and s e lle r s p ro fit fro m 
Hom eow ner M a rke tin g Service. 
No obligation. 349 4373___________ 
By owner, 3-2-1. Garden kitchen, ca rp e te d , p r iv a c y fe n ce d . 
C o v e re d p atio , 13oo ft. D i s h ­ washer, disposal, air-heut 
653-724o. 
_________ __________ 

H A P R E S E R 653-6182 Anytim e 
BY O W N ER, E L D O R A D O 
Corner lot, 3-2-2, 172o sa. ti Fire­ place, covered patio, sot! H2o. 
B B . Q 
Much more, 
$44,55o. 
656-1336._________________________ 

Spacious 4 bedroom, 2 bath home, carpeted throughout. Located on 
Quiet cul-de-sac Low est buy in 
P o p u la r N .E su b -d iv isio n 
A s ­ sum e 72* % V A loan, too m any extras to list. 
656-3ooo A n ytim e 

R E A L T O R S -Walzem Pie 
Vacant • 4 bedroom • I living areo 
• fireplace • alm ost new - corner lot • fenced 
N O R T H E A S T S C H O O L S 
E a sy assum ption • low equity • 8% loan 
69o-936o 
342-4286 
C L IN T W E IL B A C H E R 

H andsom e 2 story O lm os P o rk home on large corner lot High ceilings, carpet over hardw ood floors. Study off living room, large d in in g . R e m o d e le d k itc h e n , breakfast room looks onto lovely pool and patio, large m aster with 
Sitting room. 3-2 plus qts. 822-3315 

2 TWO STORY’S 
JUST LISTED 

3 bedroom, 2 bath, carport, large den, living and dining com b in a­ tion, large kitchen, beautiful yard 
Just under 53o.ooo 
Century 21 
B Y O W N ER , E L D O R A D O , 4 2 2, 
Separate dining and living rooms. family room, fireplace. 2,ooo sa.It. landscaped, brick. A ssum e 7 % % 
V A, or refinance, very low 5o,'S. 
655 828o._________________________ 

B Y O W N ER, El Dorado. 3 yr old 
2-story home, carpeted, custom drapes, intercom, water softener, extra large fenced yard, extras. 
Mid SSO’s 653-4382. ______________ 

In Popular Northern Hills. Lovely 
4 bedroom s, 2 baths, 2 car g a r ­ ages. Super electric kitchen and walk in closets. Too m ony extras to list, call for details on these two lovely new listings. 
656-3ooo Anytim e 

M O N E Y S A V E R S R E A L T Y 
656-242o A N Y T IM E 
A T T E N T IO N 
A S S U M P T IO N 
B U Y E R S ! See this 7 % % V A home in m int Condition! 4 L o ve ly be­ drooms, 2 large decorator baths. 
Spacious single living area with fireplace, kitchen ond dining orea is a m om s delight! Choice N E areo! 342-3211 A N Y T IM E 

B Y O W N E R 
4-2' j-2, p r iv a c y fence, n e w ly p a in te d . 
A s s u m e e q u ity o r negotiate new loan. 544,ooo, below appraisal. 655 2557_______________ 

E X T R A N IC E 3-2-2, fam ily room w ith fireplace, c a rp e ts, m a n y built-ins. 5S3oo equity. 5296 mo. 
IN T E R S T A T E 828-o755 til 8 pm 

B Y O W N E R - Gracious 3-2-2, Live 
Oak near Randolph. Cul-de-sac, cov polio, priv fence, soft woter, carpet, drapes, landscaped. Low equity 532,ooo. 8138 D ry Canyon. 
Coll 653-14o5 Today!!_____________ 
By owner, in Camelot, 3 bedroom, 
2 bath, living room, large kitchen, formly room 532,5oo. 653-36o1 

3-2-living and dining, built-in kit­ chen, covered patio, central heat and air. 531,9oo. VA, no down 
494 5571 
N IT E S 349-8337 

R E A L T O R S-P e rrin Beitel Ofc home in popular N E area, 3-2-2, excellent condition. Im m ed iate move-in Low equity to assum e 
8 '* % loan. Upper $3o’s. 824-o213 

R E A L T O R 
826-8673 Anytim e 
J U S T L IS T E D ! Attractive 3 be­ droom , 1v j both. P arq u e t floor and fireplace in one living area. 
Cedar deck oft m aster bedroom, 
Large cedor lattice covered patio. 
Convenient to Ft. Sam and W ind­ s o r P a r k M a ll. O n ly 529,5oo. 
824-o121 A N Y T IM E 

C A S H B U Y E R W A N T S 5 B E 
C R O O M . 3 B A T H N O R T H E A S T 
H O M E U N D E R 5 Y E A R S O LD . 
W R IT E E X P R E S S N E W S B O X 
4511, Son Antonio, T X 78297 
Century 21 
T h is lovely 4 b e d room 2 bath home can be refinanced on a new loan. Dual fireplace between liv­ ing room and family room. Inter- com ond drapes remain. Garden kitchen with serve thru to patio. 
Just reduced to 542,5oo. 
653-3535 A nytim e 

R E A L T O R S-P e rrin Beitel Otc 
BY O W N E R E L D O R A D O 
3-2-2 lovely 17oo sq.ft. brick home with spacious fam ily room, large living room and m aster bedroom. 
Wall to wall carpeting, custom drapes, covered patio, fireplace. 
Well kept fenced vord. 7% loan, make this home worth seeing. M id 
4o s. 655-8853______________ 

W A K E F IE L D R E A L T O R S 
U nique Tow nhouse type hom e. 
F re n ch gourm et kitchen, large liiv in g -d in in g and lib ra ry with 
Parquet floor 3-2 plus loft. Could be 
4th bedroom. 
M ust see! 
826-56oo 

U L T IM A T E 4-2 2 on C O R N E R 
55oo down anyone! Old auality in custom cabinets, wood louvered doors, paneling and built-ins. 
Large oaks, landscaped, privacy fenced- swim m ing pool, fireplace in family room, ond much more. 
Coronado Village, only 548,5oo 
344-5564 Hart M cCorm ick 344-2993 
U N D E R $io,ooo. New on market. 
Spacious 2 living area home. 19 ft master bedroom for the furniture.; 
F IR E P L A C E TO O ! C orner lot, privacy fence. M oderate eauity. 
S E E NOW ! 828-6343, eves 653-9596 

B Y O W N E R - L a r k s p u r o re a 
4-2-2, 195o sa -ft. F ire p la c e in paneled fam ily room , p riv a c y fence, w ater softener. M id 4o's. 
Assum e or will refinance 653-6681 

C A S T L E P A R K 
3-2-2, living, dining, large fam ily room, air-heat 549,5oo. 656-8143 

O F F L E O N H A R D T - M a c A rth u r 
High. 3 bedroom, large den with fireplace, central heat-air, double g a ra g e , d is h w a s h e r, e le c tric range, p riv a c y fence. A ssu m e monthly paym ents $3o9, int. 7%, 
$39,ooo Call anytime. C H A R L E S 
W ATTS R E A L E S T A T E 732-2918, 
732-5355.__________________________ 

R E A L T Q R S-5 o Y e a rs of T R U S T 
B A R G A IN H U N T IN G ? 5375 IS all it takes to 9et Into this 3 bedroom hom e with air. a p p lia n c e s and carpet Don’t pass it up! 696-o974 
Fortuna Associates. 696-1412 
B E A U T IF U L A R E A 
Alam o Heights Schools. 4 bdr, 2 bath, nice fam ily room, electric kitchen, p riv a c y fence, patio. large trees. Only 546,5oo. 736-1918. 

Beautiful 2 story home, complete­ ly redecorated inside and out, all large rooms, cedar closets, fire­ place. b u rg la r g u a rd s, double garage, m aid s room . R ead y to move in! 547,5oo. Ow ner will fin- once. Shown by Oi.p't, 822-1423. 

By Owner. Live Oak, 3 yrs 3-2-2, fam ily room , fireplace, extras. 
536,5oo. SM . equity, 655-5549 
B Y O W N E R - L o v e ly I ow n e r home. N e a r N orth Star Mall. 3 bedroom s, 2 baths, central air. 
826-4447 After 5PM ___________ 

V A 526.5oo 
OR 
Assum e present loan 5183 per mo. 
Please do not disturb occupants 
C A L L A H A N H O M E S INC. 
656-4848 or 822-1216 

R E A LT O R S-5 o Years of T R U S T 
JU ST L IS T E D 
IN R ID G E V IE W • 2 b e d room s, large living, dining, central heat and air, carpet ond lovely h ard ­ wood floors, plus beautiful large pool. 
A sk for 
Pankey 
Cunningham. 
3 4 1 -9 1 6 6 A N Y T I M E 

By Owner, Fox Run. 4-2-2, 2,ooo sa ft. ** Acre. B eautiful hom e, assu m e 513.ooo eauity, 538,4oo 
Balance, 656 4o43.________________ 
By Owner, 4-2-1, fully carpeted, air-h e a t, c o v e re d patio. N E 
School dis! Fenced, paym ents, 
$177 
Eauity and assum e. 
653-8575. 

R E A L T O R 
826-8673 Anytim e 
R E A L T O R S Randolph Ofc 
OH N A C O G D O C H E S 55oo Down 
Anyone! Spacious brick 3-2-2 luxury thruout. sunken living room, form al dining room, fire­ place in fam ily room and m aster bedroom, custom shag carpet, covered patio, circular drive and much more, only 546,5oo 
344-5564 Hart M cCorm ick 344-2993 
O F F N A C O G D O C H E S-N O DO W N 
A n yo n e on lu x u ry 3-2-2. R ock fireplace, living, sep dining, fam i­ ly, fully carpeted. Call now. 
828-4545 P R IA K O S R L T Y 654-o975 
O F F O 'C O N N O R R D 
All brick, step down living room. den with fireplace, bedroom with fireplace, covered patio, only $46, 
733-9111 
B. 
Gonzales 
623-1369 

Lovely older home in historical 
Monte Vista. 14 ft ceilings, 2 fire­ places, in living room, I fireplace in dining room. Fully floored attic, partical basement. Lovely inter­ ior detail 4-3. 826-56oo 

C H O IC E E A S T S ID E L O C A T IO N 
Completely remodeled, new c a r­ pet, 3 bedroom M ost sell, no down payment. Owner to pay allowable closing costs 341-8134, 494-3229 

T h is lo ve ly 4 b e d ro o m 2 bath home can be refinanced on a new loan. Dual fireplace between liv­ ing room ond family room. Inter- com and drapes remain. Garden kitchen with serve thru to patio. 
Just reduces} to 542,5oo 
658-3535 A nytim e 

B Y O W N E R , M acA rthur Terrace, 
3-2-2, ronch style, fireplace, cu s­ tom drapes, fully carpeted, cen­ tral air, 4 blks. school, shopping, church. Fenced, 547 5oo 653-28o9 

Stotelv b rick 5 b ed room home, beautifully restored. M agnificent m ahogany and oak w alls in par­ lour, living and dining room. Im ­ pressive mill work and fireplace. 
L o ve ly hardw ood, m a rb le and 
Saflllo tile floors. M a n y , m any extras. 824-2486 
H A R D Y & C O IN C 
R E A L T O R S ________ 
M o i l 
T H A N 
Y O U 
W O U LD 
E X P E C T 
You m ay have passed by this one a n d re a liz e d that th is one is special, la rg e 4-2-2, firep lace, sprinkler system, dog run, 34x16 heated pool, and beautiful F la g ­ stone floored sun room. Located in M ac A rthur T e rra c e and ap­ praised Conventional at $55,ooo 

Century 21 
C H U R C H IL L SC H O O L D IS T R IC T 
U N I Q U E 
One of those rare floorplans that puts the kitchen in the center of family activities. A cook’s dream , and located in Northern Mills. 
824-o171 

By owner, 3-1' j-1 neat, clean, cent h e a t-a ir, fe n ce d , s to ra g e , 
MacArthur. $22,4oo or equity and 
5158. 1o81o Wayward, 653-9588 

H O W A R D T A T E R E A L T O R S 
R E A L T O R 
826-8673 Anytim e 
S u rro u n d s this ch a rm in g ?, b e ­ droom home, single living area with corner fireplace, delightful kitchen, alm ost new. only $49,9oo 
341-72o1, nites 494-7666. A sk for 
O L IV E B IZ Z E L L E 

B Y O W N E R , N e ISD , 3-2-2, Old 
F o rm ll, sp a cio u s liv in g area. 
Perfect for plants. Fully carpeted 
See to app re ciate . A ssu m e or conventional, 539,56o. 654-61 S3. 

Tw o sto ry So o n ish C o lo n ia l in 
Regency Place 4 bedroom s, cus­ tom drapes, gas grill. Im m aculate home within walking distance to 
Elem enfry and High School. In the 5o’s. 

R E A LT O R S-R o n d o lp h Ofc 
N O R T H W O O D E S T A T E S 
Throughly charm ing brick home in N E School District. Spacious fa m ily ro o m a n d built in kitchen, beautiful oversized lot with dog run, 3-2. 828-1962 

R E A L T O R S 
Comtortable home and pool with over 2 acres in Shavano Park at mid 57o,ooo Jim W agner 344-2341, 
828-246o 
BO B JO N E S, R E A L T O R S 

B Y O W N E R . 3-1-1, N E Schools, covered patio, end of cul-de-sac 
Lots of trees. Extra large fenced bock yord. Term s open. 342-6723 
B Y 
O W N E R , 
N O R T H E R N 
H IL L S , 3-2-2, Fireplace, A ssum e 
7 % or 
Refinance 
Conv. 
Call 
656-o175. ___________________ _ 

Open Monday thru Friday 8 A.M. to 5:3o P.M, 
DEADLINES: 
Monday thru Thursday 
5:oo P M. for Following Day 
Friday 1:3o for Saturday 
Friday 5 P.M. for Sunday 
. Friday 5:3o P.M. For M onday 
CLOSED SATURDAY AND SUNDAY 
Cancellations ond Corrections can be made 
M onday thru Friday 8 A.M. til 5:3o P.M. 

The Express-News Corp. accepts responsibility 
V for errors the first day of publication only. 
A 

OH Son Pedro near Oblate 3 be­ droom brick. $36,5oo. 
734-5434 C .P .K O SU B 342 o343 
828-6391 A n ytim e 
C LO SE TO FT SA M 
Freshly pointed 2 bedroom, I bath home, roof paractially new. Quiet neighborhood A must see 

Walk to pool and tennis courts. 4 bedroom s, 1955 sa It. F re sh ly painted in sid e and out. L a r g e fire p la c e , a lot of h o u se fo r 
$49,9oo Com pare and choose this fine family home. Nites 656-8o15. 
349-4343 Anytim e 

R E A L T O R 
826-8673 Anytim e 
F IR S T O F F ^ R IN G -T M I 
High ceilings, dark stained hard­ wood floors, fireplace in livin g room , beautiful kitchen, hobby room aHached to garage, worlds of built-ins. 824-3233, 822-5973 

Realtors-NE L oop ofc 
• K IR B Y • 
1o15 H IC K O R Y H IL L 
4 bedroom, 2 bath, heal and air, sell on VA appraisal with no clos­ in g costs, b ig d isc o u n t on a s ­ sumption. 622-3363. 
R E N F R O R E A L T Y 

But lovely. 4-2-2 in San Antonio 
Country Club area. Spacious. Was d u p le x -c o u ld be re co n v e rte d . 
534,5oo. 
E rie 
Nagel 
696-533o, 
696-2712. 
Century 21 
B Y O W N E R -N O R T H E R N H IL L S 
3-2-2, al! brick, Iv-dn, den, fire ­ place, utility room, patio cover, fence. Low 4o's. 656-2352__________ 
C O N T E M P O R A R Y 
Stunning all black mail box. H as p re c isio n fro n t o p e n in g door. 
Com plete with jaunty red flag 
L o ca te d on b e a u tifu lly la n d s ­ caped 8ox12o It. lot in Valencia. 
544,5oo, Includes % b rick 4-2-2 with m any features. Call owner for oppt. 655-4126. 
________ 

W H IT E H E A D - H O L ID A Y 
341-7115______________ R E A L T O R S 
M O T IV A T E D S E L L E R ! 
3 bedroom s, 2 baths, form al liv­ ing, dining and fam ily room, dbl car garoge ond cov d patio This can be yours tor only 536,5oo. 
824-o171 

You can rent now and buy later! 
This 3 bedroom , - 2 both hom e with a low equity is located in 
P A R K N O R T H - Close to shopping and schools. P rice d at $32,5oo. 

Beanie Owens Co 
R E A L T O R S-B o n d e rg Rd. Ofc 

By Owner-North wood. Brick 3-2-2, ass. ar conv. 924-5617, 826-1832 OH 
7 
P 
M 
________________ 
R E A L T O R S-B lan co Rd. Otc 
V A L E N C IA 
Buy or rent this J bedroom, 2 bath home, garden kitchen, 2 livin g a re a s, g a r a g e d oor o p e n e r.’ 
Located neor swim club. 824-o171 

G O VT H O M E S No Down Anyone 
Isl amt in July! Northside areas! Less than renting nice 
Apt. or home! Call lo see now ' 
344-5564 Marl M cCorm ick 344 2993 
G R A C IO U S living in E a rly C en­ tury home Now used as duplex. 
Historical area, zoned O-l. 

K IR B Y M A N O R 
3 bedroom, 1% baths, new carpet, central heot-air, covered patio. 
349-65o3, 494-2o4o 

By owner, N orthstar M a ll area, 
3-2' j-2, 2 story, pool and patio 
$49,5oo firm 494-1o69 for appt. 
A la m o 
H g ts. 
S c h o o l 
D ist. 
4-bedroom , 3-bath, den, dining, living room with fireplace, central air-heat, patio, screened porch, large store room, 
828-1o21, 
824-85o6 
______________ 

C O R O N A D O 
V IL L A G E - B v 
Owner. 4-2-2, 223o sq.tt , extras everyw here! *58,ooo. 658-866o aft 
Old F a rm ll. Large fam ily room w ith fire p la c e . F o r m a l liv in g room , carpet, fenced, co ve re d patio, central air. 7% V-A . Eauity. 
655-8o9o. 

R E A L T O R S io n ta st m u m 
P l A C I r o u e W AN T A O 
IN THI f XPPCSS N ( W S 
C A U 2 2 5 - 1 6 6 6 

R E A L T O R S p iA c r r O U # W A N T AB- 
IN THE E X P B t S S N E W S 
C A U 2 2 5 -1 6 6 6 

THE N U M B E R TO C A U 
IS 2 2 5 - 1 6 6 6 
E X P R E S S A N D N E W S 

THE N U M B E R TO C A I I 
IS 2 2 5 - 1 6 6 6 
E X P R E S S A N O N E W S 

O lym pic. 33o6 Hero. 3-2-2, den, fireplace, living-din ing, extras. 
Low equity. 659-1426, 652-5794 
IN THE E X P R E S S N E W S 
C A U 2 2 S - 1 6 6 6 
E X P R E S S A N D N E W S 

^ 

^ 

133o7o59 

,t 
» . . . 
» 
. n 
» 
« 
« i 
.................... ............ 

EXPRESS - NEWS BONUS ADS 
2 LINES 
TEX AS SIZE SAVINGS... IO days 
$ 
NON COMMERCIAL! 
CANCELLABLE 
WITHOUT 
RATE CHANGE 

4 
4 
C 
. 
1 
A A A 
I w 
W 
QUICK RESULTS! 

21o HOUSES WriRTBEAST 

V o le n c io -B v O w ner. 4-2-1, 1938 1 sq.ft., form al living-dining, fam ] room with fireplace, 456-4622 atter I 
5om. Mo agents. 7% V A 451,5oo 
VA LLEY FORGE 
This 4 bdrm is in excellent condi- ' lion inside and out. The yard is j landscaped to perfection. Living, j dining and separate fam ily room with FP. Walk to swim club 
824-o171 
RED CARPET 
R E A L T O R S 
V A L L E Y F O R G E 
3 2 2, fire ! place, appliances. S3oo down. 
676-742o S L A T E R R L T V 344 o936 1 
V A L L E Y F O R G E Only MSO dow n' 
3-2-2 with desired extras! 
344-S564 Hart M cC orm ick 344-2993 
V E L V E T Y G R E E N L A N O S 
C A P E D L A W N for this custom brick in Northern Hills. 3-2-2-den, ! num erous structural features of interest. *24-45o7 
REQUA REALTY CO 

W E E K S B E S T B U Y 
3-2-2 fam ily hom e in Liv e Oak. ! 
Finest schools, ch u rc h e s and a I hop, skip and a jump to Ft. Sam or j 
Randolph. Under 4o. 656-1234 
RED CARPET 

W H IT E B R IC K hom e with 4 be , drowns, 2 baths...fireplace, w al­ nut paneling, terrazzo entry, and j a long list of extras! 
M O N -F R i O P E N T IL 8 P M 
I 
553,461. 
R E A L T O R S 
658-7oo7 j co 

W H O P P E R T ’J M T Y 
Knocks at the front door of this j large 4 bedroom, 2' i bath home in j 
Camelot. Form al living and din- j mg, fam ily room, and sp a cio u s! master suite, oil electric kitchen. \ 
543.5oo. Niles 655-9536 
Century 21 
H A P R E S E R 653-6182 Anytim e 

212 HOMES MORTHWEST 
212 HOMES RORTMWEST 

WINDCREST 

2 G O O D B U Y S 
3 Bedroom s------557,2oo 
4 Bedroom s------566,ooo 
Coll For Details 
Reese Henry 
Realtor 
655-3584 Anytime 

YOUR REALTOR 

Thousand O a ksm e m b e rsh ip a lo n g w ith luxurious 
2 tie r contem porary liv in g in this 5 bedroom ,2% bath, fa m ily room, fire p la c e ,c a rp e t, drapes. $69,5 

Spacious a ll b ric k 4 bedroom ,2 b ath,tw o story, o ffic e , game room. workshop, boat shed,screened p a tio on oversize lo t in great N W lo c a tio n .$55. 

P erfect is the o n ly d e scrip tio n to f it this lo v e ly 
3 bedroom, 2 bath home is Shenandoah. C arpet throughout and b e a u tifu l landscaping w ith trees. 

C orner lo t in Forest O aks. 
3 bedroom, 2 bath d e lig h t has ca th ed ra l c e ilin g s ,covered patio, new a ir c o n d itio n in g , carpet, double garage. $36,5oo 

C ountry lik e atmosphere surrounds this spotless 
3 bedroom, 2 bath home w ith in w a lkin g distance o f M adison High. Panel den, firep la ce , $ 41,5oo 

Executive is re lo ca tin g . Buy this large 3 bedroom two story for less than you pay for a new one. A corner fire p la ce , large k itc h e n ,& 2o ft. bedroom . 

SE LLIN G A H O M E ? C a ll for a free brochure o u tlin in g our s e lle r p a rtic ip a tio n plans. 

CALL 3 4 9 * 4 3 7 3 nomjmiu 

''M A R K E T I N G - i O 
M 
G 
S E 
R 
V 
I C 
E 

212 HOMES NORTHWtST 
212 HOMES NORTHWEST 
21 2 HOMES NORTHWEST 
P a g e I I -D 

W IN D C R E S T N ice b ric k 4 be droom, 2' i boths, large den with fire p la c e , c e n tra l b e a t-a ir, privacy fence, self-cleaning oven, dishw asher, large enclosed con­ crete patio, intercom . Equity or refinance. Don’t delav-buy today. 
Tom orrow is too late for this one. 
C H A R L E S W A T T S R E A L E S ­ 
T A T E 732-2918, 732-5355 

WOODCREEK 
5815 W oodgreen. No q ualifying, pay equity and assum e 5236. 4-2-2, carp eted , v e ry neat. H E L E N 
S T A N G E L R E A L T Y 661-4187 nites 661 3173__________________ 

Woodlake, By Owner 
3-2-2, Carpeted, central air-heat, low equity, make offer. Coll otter 
SPM, 333-3757. 
W O O D L A K E Lu xu ry C O R N E R 
Only 54oo down, 1st pm! in July I 
Ea rly Am erican 3-2 2, carpet, separate living-dmm g. fam ily and breakfast rooms, appliances and much more, only 538,975. 
344 5564 Hart M cC orm ick 344 2993 

 di-SSI (Ham& 
T I T L E 

For Fast Accurate Title 
Service 
5 Convenient Locations 

• m i t t ; . T R W i s 
• 2 M » i . m 
: \ s \ v r o \ rn *. 

• 
M M I: N L I . O O I * M i l • 
7 J IM . I i i . W < o R O M ) 

• T T M I F U E D E H M K M M R L R O M ) 

Serving Sun Antonio Since l*J22 

1X1 11 <2 H A R M O N Y H IL L S 

YOU BEEN WAITING tor a place in Cam elot I? Nice 3 j b e d ro o m , 2 b ath h o m e w ith country kitchen. New paint inside, I near school, mall and Churches. 
532,9oo. 
653-435o 
Deanie Owens Co 
R E A L T O R S-W o U e m Ofc 

212-HoMES-NoRTHW EST 

A A A B A R G A IN ! 3 b e d ro o m 
F ire p la c e . C e n tra l heat. 52oo! m oves you in. Close to everything. I 
B E L L R E A L T O R S 222 9495 

A BARGAIN 
3-2-2, Austin Stone, 27oo sa. ti. in 
S h a v a n o P a r k on 
3 a c r e s . I 
O w ner's anxious. Only 582,5oo. 
494 5281 
494-2o43 
H IL L C O U N T R Y R E A L T O R S 
4 A C R E S . P o rk lik e 4-3-2. Qtrs. 
Shop, gam e room, m any extras. 
H orse trails adiacent. Excellent tor children and relatives. N ear 
41o-Vancc Ja ckso n . N E I S D. 
M ust see to appreciate 344-655o 
A D U L T L IV IN G ! Be the first to see this 2 bedroom. 2' j bath Con­ do in Enchanted Village. Separate d in in g, and ch e e rfu l kitch e n . 
English Tudor style with a park like setting of native oaks. Priced to sell al 
$38,5oo 
494-7651 
A N Y T IM E 
ROSOW A KUNE 
R E ALTQ RS-5o Y e a rs of T R U S T 

Aliena Village. 3-1, corpet, w ork­ shop Quiet. Walk to shopping ond bus. 341-6729 

A N E W L IS T IN G ! J u st >3 7 5o down, total price $44,ooo. In John, 
M arshall Meadows. 3-2-2. 
684-4211, P IO N E E R R E A L T Y 
A N T IQ U E B R IC K C O L O N IA L ! home has 4 large bedroom s plus study... 2 baths! Fireplace, sprin- i kler system , built-in kitchen...! form al and fam ily ro o m s! Ap- i prox. I acre in S H A V A N O P A R K 
24 H R T E L E P H O N E S E R V IC E 
$72,5oo. 
R E A L T O R S 
494-777! 
Guy Chipman Co 

EXECUTIVE HOME IS OFFERED to the discriminating buyer with taste for quiet elegance Enjoy your own lushly landscaped acre and a magnificent view of the surrounding city from this exquisite hilltop home Pool, cabana, pogodo, fountains ond many polios enhance the setting. Brick floors and cherry paneling lend themselves beautifully to the extensive use of glass and imported Italian tile throughout. The complete gourmet kitchen affords the latest in every appliance The casual room, which overlooks the pool, contains a built in music ond entertainment center. Other foscinoting details ore too numerous to mention $35o,ooo. ANYTIME 824-o121. 

 flo s 
O w 
& 
K fiir jt, 
REALTORS — 5o YEARS OF TRUST 

B Y O W N E R S 

NORTHWEST 
13o ALEX. HAMILTON - Over 
15oo sq ft of living areo in this charming ond exceTlently main­ tained 3 2 2. plus 2 carports! formal living ond dining rooms, fireplace, and gorgeous oak floors' 
REDUCED 
- S33.9oo' 
342 9393 
ROLLING RIDGE - This doctor s 
4 2 2 IOOo* brick home moy be just who! your* looking for! living-dining combo, family room, lovely covered patio, huge shade trees and over 2,ooo sa 
It of luxury! $51 4oo 684 8869, 
342-9393 
9911 OMENA COURT - Col onies North is where you ll find this cul-de-sac beauty! This 3-2- 
2 bos formal living and dining plus 
15x16 family room, fireplace ond built in chino cabinet in breakfast area 
$44,3oo appraised. 696-4599, 
342 9393 
483o LAMBETH - Everything but a cook in this skylighted kit­ chen! lovely 3-2-2 home in Roll­ ing Ridge offers 3 separate liv­ ing areas, sprinkler system and covered patio for 547,5oo! 684- 
79o3. 342 9393 
OAK HOLLOW ESTATES - fob ulous floorplan' One lorge living area, fireplace, formal dining, alpine ceilings, perfect en­ tertainment home located ot 
2o34 Oak Vista 556,9oo. 342 
9393 
L IC E N S E D B R O K E R S 

3 4 2 - 9 3 9 3 
S son antonio 
H homeowners 
A association :: 

UVE IN A 
PRIVILEGED WORLD 
(Custom Mediterranean Con­ temporary) on 2 acres offering o magnificent view of the hills. 
5 bedrooms, 3'/z boths, over sized family room leads to sun- deck and flagstone patio. 
Sunny gourmet kitchen. Con­ veniently located, ideally suit­ ed to the privacy of family liv­ ing or entertaining 5159,5oo 
CUSTOM SPANISH 
CONTEMPORARY 

 featuring stunning atrium en trance, 5 oedrooms, 4V? boths, 
(separate mother-in-law suite), family room with cathedral ceiling ond massive fireplace. 
Large separate dining, playroom accommodates pool table. New pool ond sauna 
Centrally located on 2 lots. 
5179.ooo 
NAYLOR REALTY 
GALLERY Of HOMES 
691-1121 341-9191 656-552o 

CUSTOM COLLECTION 
CASTLE HILLS 
ESTATES 
IT S STUNNING 
NEED A GUEST SUITE? 
Shining while stone one story 
Spacious 3 bedroom, 2 both, living and dining rooms, family room (FP, high beamed ceiling) glassed to potio and privacy grounds. Plus GUEST SUITE 
Sprinkler system Lot 12o X 
145o. Choice location. 5142,5oo. 

SPACE WITH GRACE 
Circulot drive approach to this one story, shining white brick. 
Very spacious, 5 bedrooms, 3V5 bam. living, dining, breakfast, fomily rooms Dual fireplace 
Complete gourmet kitchen, many built ins. like new 

A BRILLIANT 
One story home in Castle Hills 
Estates A worm family room 
(FP, high ceiling, wether) 4- 
3 VS-2 plus study plus Quarters 
Super kitchen Heated POOL. 
Sprinklered grounds. Molls. 

EARLY AMERICAN 
Relish the type of home thot lends itself to formality or casualness 
Exquisite, ideally arranged, 
5-3VS. den 
(FP) 
Plush button kitchen Covered patio in shaded grounds. 
826-2347 
REALTORS 

 us-Home] 

21Z HOMES NORTHWEST 

O F C E N T R A L T E X A S 
BUY N O W 
BEFORE PRICES 
GO UP 
$1 MOVE IN VA 

5% DOWN CONVENTIONAL 

3 and 4 bedroom plans 
($37,5oo to 
$44,95o 
All homes feature energy saving package, central heat-air, carpet and handcrafted woodburning fireplaces, deluxe Magic 
Chef all electric kitchen, and 2 car garage. 

6 FURNISHED MODELS 
OPEN DAILY 9-9 

T W IN CREEK 
6 8 1 -1 1 1 1 

SERENE LUXURY 

5 A C R E E S T A T E 
Inspiring view of the city. Two story 
Mediterranean luxury. 
'Hooted pool, Cabana and bath and kitchen. 
Double tennis court. 5 bedrooms, 4 V? boths, 
I quarters Exciting living, dining, breakfast rooms. Gourmet kit­ chen. Vaulted ceilings. 
Mony special features. 8 minutes from 
I loop 41o. Tree lined Country 
Club approach. See this! 
826-2347 
REALTORS 

3 ACRES + 4 BEDROOMS 
HUGE home for country living-en­ tertaining 
Keep norse* or garden 
FREEDOM! SPACE! Pony sized living room plus lorge fomi­ ly room, bor in kitchen, dining area. 
Includes fully equipped icehouse, ready for business if desired. BARGAIN PRICED! 

BOB MCGINNIS 
REALTORS sa 

 i (tnTiTiiTi i ii t in ifiTiiiinTu 
I 
SPECIAL REDUCED 
I 
1 
PRICE 
? 

| O N L Y \ I ISPT I 

 f AT $ 4 4 ,2 o o I 

5 Extro lorge wooded VS acre wood 
2 r ed lot. 4-2-2 features; hondcrof- S ; 
E ted wood burning fireplace plus 2 g wail to wall carpeting. Magic Chef 2 i s oil electric kitchen, electric 2 j s goroge door opener, full energy 5 1 
2 saving package with all brick con- 21 
5 struction located in prestigious 21 
2 OAK CREEK. Conventional finon- S I 
5 aug with 5 % down. These homes 5 
5 "will not be available for sBle bufft 2 
5 few days. Coll today 
I 
TOM HOTMAN 
I 
I DOUG HOWARD I 
I 
684-3112 l l cM( 

[ u s - H o m e l a s 

 x frfiim iiiib iin iA iiiiiiiiiu iijiu jirF 

LEON VALLEY 
JUST PAINTED. 3-2 2, with fomily room, central heal and ait, large potio Very convenient location! 
531,95o 
342-4177, nites HS- 
1535 
THE SUMMIT 
Immaculate 3 2 2 on o quiet street Sewing room, big covered patio, fenced yard Convenient lo shopping. 
543,5oo. 
342 4177, nites 656-o333 
REALTY 
WORLD 
Bill Southern 

PRICED R IG H T 
5 BEDROOMS, QTRS. 
C A S T L E H IL L S 
The impassive wall welcomes you lo this brick split level with 
6 bedrooms, 4 V; baths. Lorge fireploced family room plus huge fireploced gomeroom 28o fr. frontnge Rest ond view the stars from the high deck. 
5129,5oo You must see this! 
826-2347 
REALTORS 
TShiikm 

( ) 
REALTY WORLD 

H ID D E N F O R E S T 
Custom built 
3-2-2, rock home on lorge lot, loft game room, opens to wood deck overlooking large ranch. 
Energy package, top line ap­ pliances, wood burning fireplace 
7 '/ ?% assumption available. 
No city loxes, many more extras. 494-16o1 
494-3o12 
Compass Realty 

! MR. FIX-UP! 

 large 3 bedroom, redecorated inside 
Needs some exterior work by a handy mon Coveted patio, fenced yard Good buy ot only 515 5oo 681 3222 mtes. 
344 2437 

‘ 1,715 EQUITY! 

3-2 townhouse with a hug# 
19*12 mcsfei beriioom 
Hoot and air. built in kitchen Assume 
$245 monthly payments 681 - 
3222, mtes 828-1768 

REALTY WORLD 
Bill Southern 

JEFFERSON JACKPOT! 
NOTHING DOWN! 

Oldfashioned 
DREAM 
HOME beneath huge, shode trees, large room dimension throughout 
3 bedrooms, 2 boths, living room, separate dining and family rooms. 
Fenced ty acre, fireplace heater. 

 ban Antorno EXPRESS-NEW S — 
Sunday May I 5 I 977 

21? HOMES NORTHWEST 
212 - HOMES NORTHWEST 
2T2 HOMES NORTHWEST 

BOB MCGINNIS 
REALTORS 

V - . 4 9 
I 

3 8 , 5 o o 

All brick home in Col onies North large covered patio. 
3 bedroom with fire­ place in fomily room. 

349 3535 
349 5111 

DEANIE 
OWENS CO. 
REALTORS—MIS 

Loghill • Selma Ofc 

Hr ★ ★ ★ ♦ ★ i f i t * * Ar ★ ♦ ♦ 

♦ 
EXECUTIVE 
* 
♦ COUNTRY ESTATES* 

J « I otle * 3 bedroom * wood • 
J burning fireplace 
* loverea 9T 
▼ polio * mony exfios * quiet ♦ 
^ country living with aft the city & 
♦ conveniences * ne city taxes * ♦ 
♦ one of o kind w wooded lot * ♦ 
^ purchase before price increase 
^E lf * n bargain 5*2,8oo 
-ft 
VA financing available. 

C a ll 
T O M H O T M A N 
D O U G H O W A R D 
6 8 4 -3 1 13 
1 6 4 6 ROB ROY us-Home 

I 
Of CENTRAL TEXAS 
* 

A t t t + 

“ 
T 
O 
R 
THE 
YOUNG 
FAMILY 
Precious 3 bedroom. 2 both coun­ try kitchen, lovely new impel, leash compactor and iorge covet ed polio All for 

* 2 6 , 5 o o 

349-51 U or 349-353S 

F R E S H A IN 
Close in bul in the co u n try off 
16o4. oil brick 2 year old, JKH) sa ti, 3 bedroom s, **/j baths, fire ­ place in den, this custom beauty in mid 5o's. Have a good selection of suburban homes with acreage 
Century 21 
Whitehead-Holiday 
684 3711 
R E A L T O R S 

MOMS DREAM 

4 bedroom. 2 both, island kit­ chen, bosh compactor tong# dishwasher, garbage disposal, fireplace, beautifully landscaped vord Home is 9 showplace Near 
Medical (enter 556.ooo 
7 3 2 -8 1 1 I 

 j o i 

418 FULTON 

Marshall 
Madias 

NEW HOMES IN 
NORTHWEST 

SAN ANTONIO 
COMING SOON 

Another Fine 

R A Y ELLISO N 
C O M M U N IT Y 
6 8 1 -3 o 2 o 

Good location-spacious room s, in this 7 bed room I bath, stu d y, liv in g room , se p a ra te d in in g room, large kitchen, b re a k fa st room with built-ins. 7 C ar garage. 
By owner. $19,95o 735 7485. 
G L E N O A K S! Spacious 75oo brick home with 5 bedroom s, 3 baths, living-dining, fam ily room with cathedral ceiling and corner tire | place, built-in kitchen with b re a k­ fast orea. "M o th er-in -la w " suite I includ es sittin g room , w a lk -in dressing area. Covered screened I patio. Near M edical Center, N E 
Schools and W o n d e rla n d M a ll. 
555,ooo 824-o121 A N Y T IM E 
ROSOW 6 KLINE 
R E A L T O R S 5o Y ears of T R U S T I 
G L E N 6 A K S 
Large 4 bedroom , 2 bath hom e | with double garage, land scap ed . yard with large trees. Priced to I sell! Coll today. 
B R IG H A M R E A L T Y 673-14o1 j 
G L E N O A K S P A R K 

F a m i l y 

R e a l t y 

JU ST L I S T E D ' C o n te m p o ra ry hom e w ith h ig h c e ilin g s and skylights. H u ge oak tre e s and trailing ivy su rro u n d this 3 be t droom, 2 both home Sunken liv­ ing room, paneled fam ily room 
I Near Colonies North S4I.ooo. Call 
142 3211 A N Y T IM E 
ROSOW 8 KLINE 
R E A L T O R S 5o Y e ars OI T R U ST 

REALTY W O R LD 

HOLLYWOOD PARK 
?6oo sq ft,, 8 months old, priced below mark­ et, older owner very anxious. A touch of Con­ temporary in energy ef­ ficient 
4 bedroom, 
3 baths, niother-in lows suite, 2 patios, '/? acre lot, covered with oaks. 
Mony extras 
494-16o1 
494-3o12 
REAITY WORLD 
COMPASS REALTY 

DEANIE 
OWENS CO. 
REALTORS— M IS 

N. Central Ofc. 

W H E R E E IS E ? i v Or ti* H em *, on S ir- 

• Irvttltilvhlnf View* 
■ Wooded S it*, tor M I VAC# 
• 4 Choi to N o th Commo* ittat 
(IntludtnQ N m . B» otto fe ll) o low T o m i Make m r h » - 
(hate term . 
• 17oo So Ft. liv in g 
I Cur 
Goroge *3 7.5 oo 
• 2 *5o So 
Ft. liv in g - t Cor 
Go,ae* *4o,95o. 
Seonh tho Noma Market Over 
THIN Call US! 
, 
_ x 
Swinnev Co. 

 m i n i ) 
4 9 2 - 1 6 7 2 
V U 
6 5 8 - o 2 9 o 
N 
^ 
6 7 3 - 1 4 o 1 ^ 
T r y 
■ 
........ 

JUST L IS T E D 
G r e a t tir s t h o m e . 3 la r g e b e ­ droom s, I b a th . F a m ily ro o m , c e n tra l heat and a ir , c a rp e te d thruout. 
Beautiful c o rn er lot. 
524,9oo 
499-1133 
R E A L T O R S 
34 1 7 5 38 
RED CARPET 

JUST 

 s 
' 
' NEAR USAA, UTSA, MFD CENTER 
Secluded in Hidden Creek No traffic noises, large prestigious home for entertaining and comfortable living. 
3 big bedrooms, 2 decorator bath­ rooms, huge separnte living and family rooms, central heat air Potio, 
2 tar garage, courtyard, easy terms 
VEU NOTHING DOWN 3 years old 

BOB MCGINNIS 
REALTORS y 3 4 9 -6 2 1 1 

BY OWNER? 

A P R IC E R E D U C T IO N 
SHAVANO PARK 
2 Acres with ISO oak trees, horse stalls, and a beautiful rock home 
Large fam ily room w ith fire p la c e. 
E ntertain on the over-sized patio. 
Call now. Ow ner anxious. 
C e n t u r y 21 
Schneider Realty 
684-72oo 
A T T E N T IO N : R E D U C E D 
• SHAVANO PARK • 
Q uality one story w hite stone on % acre. 3-2-2. Stone and paneled den 
(F P ). L iving and dining room s. 
D e s ig n e r k it c h e n . 
G a r d e n grounds. $89,5oo. 826-2347 
Tlelma B. Preissman 

BABCOCK N O R T H 
Luxury townhom e, 2 bedroom , 2’ i baths, plush c a rp e tin g , balcony a n d m o re 
No d o w n p a y m e n t required. M id 2o's. 
B R IG H A M R E A L T Y 673-14o1 

BABCO CK N O R T H - 2 lo rg e b e ­ droom s, J11 baths. C arp eted , all a p p lia n c e s , no do w n , 527o m o. 
Call before 
Tues. 
675-1691, 
674-1777. 
P O IN T E R R E A L E S T A T E 

BABCOCK N O R TH 2 b e d ro o m ^ 
V i bath, a ir, ALL appliances plus w asher ond d ry er, $3oo dow n! 
344-5564 H a rt M cC orm ick 344-2993 

REAL COUNTRY LIVING 
HOLLYWOOD PARK! 
4 spacious bedrooms, 2 decorator bathrooms, huge living-dining room, large family room with fireplace, kitchen and breakfast areo. Oversized lot with 42 TREES, courtyard plus covered patio. Priced 
• 
SA’" for QUICK SALE! 
BOB MCGINNIS 
REALTORS 
3 4 o*6211 

4 B E D R O O M H O M E S 
K E N N Y OAKS 
New to m arket, 4-2-2 lovely 2 story surrounded bv oak trees, s e p a r­ ate living tre e s , pretty potio for e n te rtain in g , a ttra c tiv e ly d e c o r­ ated low 5o s. Don't miss 

G L E N OAKS 
4-3-2, all brick hom e, s e p a ra te d : be d ro o m p la n , p r iv a te lo v e ly I y a rd , c o v e re d p a tio , s e p a ra te storage. A te rrific buy, under a p ­ praised value of 548,5oo 

OAK H IL L S T E R R A C E 
Nestled on o hill side w ith a b e au - 1 tiful view of M edical Center a rea . 
This 4-2-2 has one of the prettiest yards around. In p e rfe c t c o n d i­ tion, it also boast a covered patio, split bedroom plan, low 4o's 
Century 21 
W H IT E H E A D -H O L L ID A Y 

 r n 
REALTY WORLD 

" A W o rld o f D ifference fo r m embersh’p in fo rm a tio n 

349-o168, San Antonio 
(713) 622-39o1, Regional 

F re e b ro c h u re tells how b u y e rs ! a n d s e lle r s p r o fit fr o m 
H om eow ner M a rk e tin g S erv ice . 
No obligation. 349-4373.____________ i 
By O w ner, 3-2-2, F ru it trees, CUI- j de-sac. M a n y other extra s . T h e ! 
Sum m it. 69o-9699 

B Y O W N E R - H e r ita g e F a r m . 
3-2-2, very reasonable. F irep la ce , 
(em ily room , landscaped, p riva c y fenced, cathedral ceiling, Rom an shades and other extras. P ric e d to sell. No agents. 674 o657 

C A S TLE H ILLS under $54,ooo 
Huge b ackyard, ' j a cre lot for fa m ily living. Lorge gom eroom , j separate fam ily room , built-ins, 
| rock 4-2-2 tri-level, w alk to 
Lee, 
N im itz, 
Jackson, open j term s! 
344-5564 H ort M cC orm ick 344-2993 
C H A R T E R OAKS BY O W N E R p lu s den a n d s tu d y p lu s ] m ore, incl 69 trees: 696-7344 i 
C H O IC E N E IG H B O R H O O D Chil d re n c an w a lk to schools a n d ! m a n y o th e r a c tiv itie s o ffe r e d ] 
♦rom this gracious Colonial in this , m o s t s o u g h t a fte r o r e a . 5 b e ­ droom s, JVi baths, fo rm a l a re a , I fir e p lo c e d d en , b e a u tifu l o a k , treed lot. Churchill Hi. 
REO CARPET 
342-3111 
R E A LTO R S 
344-8227: 

C M. FU R R CO 
'Specializing in N orthside Hom es' 
733-7141 
3441633 

D O U B L E Y O U R E N J O Y M E N T with a dual fireplace! 1oo“* rock [ home bos living, dining and fam i- j 
Iv rooms.. 3 bedroom s, 2 lu xu ry : baths! 
C ourtyard and covered I patio. 
24 HR T E L E P H O N E S E R V IC E 
I 
564,9oo 
R E A L T O R S 
681-29oo j 
Gov Chipman Co 

DOWN ANO OUT 
The cost is down and the ow ner is out. Left his 4 bedroom in the right shape to move in 
2 baths, lorge y a rd , c e n tra l h e a t-a ir, m o d e rn kitchen 2o s. 
SA N D IS O N R E A L T Y 
699 92o1 

Dreamland Oaks 
Lovely home on wooded lot 4 be­ droom , 2 bath, double c arp o rt, 2 s to r y , 2ooo s q .ft. By O w n e r . 
552,ooo 341 )245___________________ 
E L E G A N T 3 bedroom . 21, bath, mony built-ins, carpets. 542,5oo or lease with option to buy. Call 
I N T E R S T A T E 828 o755 ti) 8 pm 

ENCHANTED FOREST 
D eligh tful 4 bedroom hom e on a q u ie t cu l-d e-sac lot, 2 'z b a th s , fo rm a l livin g and d in in g , la r g e den, oak trees g a lo re . 341-72o1, nites 342 o829 Ask for V IR G IN IA 
N IE N D O R F F 
JOHN FLOURNOY IMC 

EXCEPTIONALLY SPACIOUS 
N ative stone executive hom e for the large fam ily who likes to en­ tertain. 5 bedroom s, 4 baths m any e x tro s to this h o m e. S how n b v : appointm ent only. 

828-639! A n y t im e 

Fantastic 4-2-2 w ith the m ost unu suoi patio, bbq set up 
L o ts of closets built-in china cabinet plus nice den, fireplace, for m a l living and dining. Only 552,5oo 
M IN I C O U N T R Y C LU B 
I of a kind , cu sto m b u ilt 4-3-2 

W HAT YOU V E B E E N 
LO O K IN G F O R ! 
734 MC N E E L R O A D 
HO ME W IT H G U E S T H O U S E 
2 B E D R O O M , 2 B A T H , D E N 
Delightful a ll b ric k , p e rfe c t con dition B u rg lar a la rm , s p rin k ler, lovely corner. Nothing left for the im ag in atio n ! Shown by a p p o in t­ m ent 548,5oo. 736 oo15. 
Beulah M ae K eller. R ealtor 

SHENANDOAH 
New on Market! 

IN 
SHENANDOAH 
A 
SPLIT 
BEDROOM 3-2 2 fully carpeted, lovely custom drapes. $34,5oo 
SHENANDOAH WALK TO FLEM from this 3 bedioom dollhauce 
Comets and drapes Central heat ami cit $24,9oo 
SHENANDOAH, 4 bedroom, 2 bath bom# in immaculate condition 
Dmped and carpeted A must see at 
$4o,5oo 

691-13oo 
REALTORS 
CENTURY 21 

ELAINE LUDWIG t ASSOC 

: 

 i x i t T 
O m r t K j 

KENNY OAKS 
5 y ea rs young in an e x c lu s iv e neighborhood this 4 bedroom , 2 home" cedar ro o fr'g re V n ho’use' 1 bath, while brick and eedor home tennis ourt, 4ox2o heated pool. A 
‘ 
* fantastic property located in re a r of U T S A . J u s t m in u te s fr o m 
USAA and M e d ic a l C e n te r. A p­ praised at $132,ooo. Y ou m ust see this one 
N IC E O L D E R H O M E 
3 big bedrooms, hardw ood floors, detached g a ra g e . O nly 518,5oo. 
Open terms 
C HA NG E Y O U R L IF E S T Y L E 
B eau tiful 3-2' a T ow nhouse. E x ­ cellent condition, use ot fis h in g lake, tennis court, he ated pool, associate and utility tees only 5112 mo. Total price at 541,5oo Conv 
H O M E P LU S IN C O M E 
Lovely duplex w ith 2 b e d ro o m s each side, located on nice corner lot, Jefferson a rea . Only $35,5oo 
Conventional 
Century 21 
W H IT E H E A D -H O L ID A Y 
341-7115 
R E A L T O R S 
H A N D Y M A N 'S D R E A M ! Finish the pions of this room y 3 bedroom home on oversized forested lot, all living areas oversized in clu d in g the 32’ paneled den w ith fire p la c e. 
P riced to sell! 
Only 
$25,ooo. 
681-o66o. 
RED CARPET 

 has fo rm a l liv in g ro o m , d ining room, lorge den w ith firep lace, a yum m y kitchen, b re a k fa s t room and double g arage 
You must see! 
Lillian Woolsey 735-6876 

LA C K LA N D K E L L Y ' 3 bedroom , 
2 both home has living room and pa n ele d fa m ily ro o m .,, p re tty , private yard w ith covered patio! 
M O N -F R I O P E N T IL 8 P M 
534,9oo 
R E A L T O R S 
696 4811 
Guy Chipman Co 

L A R G E 4 b e d r o o m , J b a th s , built-ins, c arp e ts , 53,ooo e q u ity, 
5232 month. Coll now 
IN T E R S T A T E B2S-o7S5 til 8 pm 
LA R G E L U X U R Y H O M E , larg e lot, large pool, lorge value for a low price. Bv O w ner 4 bedroom , 
?' i bath, a c re lot, heated pool 
' w ith d iv in g b o a rd . H o lly w o o d 
I P ark. 494-5349. 

ROOM TO ROAM 
4 bedrooms, 
2 boths, single qorage plus detached garage with lorge workshop 
The kids con room in the extro large yard, perfect for fomily living foi 
$23,ooo on VA or FHA terms 
NEW NORTHWEST 
MALL 
Will be lust around the cornel bom this 3-2-2 in Forrest Glen 
Nice corner lot, and it's leady to move into for $35,9oo 
Coll n Professional now al 
736 4426 
DEANIE 
OWENS CO. 
RIAIIOMS— MIS 
Jefferson Ofc. 

M A S T IR P IfC i 
Off LOCKHIll SUM A 
Spacious brick nestled high on o oeouti fully landscaped selfing Mngmf 
Kent gaiden room with slate floor and high cathedral ceiling, wet bai living loom with Inn place, separate dining room, iinth with parquet floors Mosier suite with silting loam, 3 2 plus 

JONES-K IN O 
8 2 6 -2 4 3 9 

TORIS! OAKS— REDUCED 
Brick home with fnepluce1 4 huge bediooms, 2 decomtoi hathiooms, huge, combination dining, living loom, Intge filmily room, Breakfast mea and hot. Cathedral ceilings 
MUINO Saltillo tile! Double qaiage, fenced potio, trees LOW 4o s! VETS 
NOT HING DOWN 

J " 

 i v 

BOB MCGINNIS 
REALTORS 
3 4 9 -6 2 1 I 

HARMONY HILLS 

3-2-2, new kitch en , flo o rin g , fireplace, p riv a c y fence, p a ­ tio. See to a p p r e c ia te . H S 
Tango 543,5oo 
O W N E R A G E N T 
344-73o8 

• LAUREL HILLS • 
Spanish m odern w ith e v e ry lux- 
I u ry fe a tu re . 3-2-2, liv in g room i ( F P . h ig h b e a m e d c e ilin g ) 
: g lo s s e d to p a tio a n d w a lle d grounds. Lovely m a ste r bedroom j Sprinkler system, b urgla r a la rm , electric garage doors. L ike new 
Only 557,5oo. 826-2347 
Thelma B. Preissman 

Deanie Owens Co heditagefarm 
Reoltors-NE Loop ole 

FABULOUS 

BY OWNER 

C O LO N IA L H IL L S 
A B S O L U T E L Y IM M A C U L A T E ! 
All brick 3-2-2, beautifully c a r p e t-1 ed, d rap ed . M any e xtra s in c lu d ­ ing sprinklers, storage shed, auto I g arage openers. 541,9oo. 
R E A L T O R 
691-13oo 

4 bedroom, 2' r both, large fa m ily ! room with fireplace, on Fabulous j 
1 in 
H arm ony 
Hill. 
R E A L T O R . I 
1 494-1951 

In Mission Trace, luxury garden hom e, 4-2-2, 245o s q .ft. 24 H r security. 
For appoint. 69o-8718, 
924-83/1_______________________________ j 
By O w n er- 7 ' i S Loan. I ' j y r - ■ s.old. 3 bedroom , 2 b a th , dining room , la rg e fa m ily ro o m w ith fir e p la c e . T o w n v ie w E s ta te s . 
224-6554 or 681-3385 
BUMPER STICKER 
B um p into this 4 b e d ro o m and y o u 'll be s tu c k on th e c le a n , cheery atm osphere. New central heat, large clean b ackyard , cozy living. 7% assumption. 
SANDISO N R E A L T Y 
699-92o1 

BUY IN FOREST OAKS 
N ew to m arket. All brick, sep ar­ a te liv in g , d in in g , d en a n d c o ve red potio. P riv a c y fe n c ed , priced under 54o,ooo 
C en tu ry 21 
Schneider Realty 
664-72oo 

B Y O W N E R , lo v e ly s p lit le v e l 
3-2-2, fa m ily ro o m , ‘L ‘ s h ap e d liv in g - d in in g a re a , study. B a l­ cony o ff m a s te r , o v e rlo o k in g large lot and wooded a rea . Con­ ven ie n t to schools, bases- M e d 
Center. Bv appt, only 29o2 Wacos 
684-3o39 

BY OWNER 

By O w ner, Adam s H ill, 2 Story 
4-2' j-2, dining room , living room , fom ily room with fireplace, eat in kitchen, centro! air-heat, covered patio, m any e xtro s . 2,ooo s a .ft. 
Assume 7 i , VA loan plus equity, no agents. 673 6942 
By owner, 3-2-2, Babcock North, 2 living and dining areas, carpeted, coy potio, nice fenced yard, equi­ ty 565oo, 5256 m o o r re fin a n c e 
$3o,65o. 696-5191 

681-o3oo 
R E A L T O R S 

Big living room , 3 bd rm , close to bus, washer hook up. SIS,5oo. 
M AC R E A L E S T A T E 828-2521 

Bv ow ner, 3 b d rm , 2 b a th , a ir - heat, carpet, fenced, built-ins, no city taxes. $28,5oo. C onventional or assume $212. per mo. 684-6o5o. 

Bargain Hunters Special 
No down paym ent to anyone, 3 or 
4 bedroom s, 2 baths, som e w ith a ir ond all appliances. P aym ents less than rent 
BOB D eP A O LO 
344-3o91 
R E A L T O R 
B E A C O N H IL L . . H o m e plus in- c o m e ! 2 b e d ro o m h o m e w ith 
N IC E b a th a nd k itc h e n ... f i r e ­ place... has larg e , separate a p artm en t! 
M O N -F R I O P E N T IL 8 P M 
$29,9oo. 
R E A L T O R S 
494-7771 
Guy Chipman Co 

B E A C O N H IL L ...H o m e plus in- j c o m e ! 2 b e d ro o m h o m e w ith 
N IC E b o th a n d ) k itc h e n fire p la c e ...h a s la rg e , | separate apartm ent! 
M O N -F R I O P E N T IL 8PM 
$29,9oo. 
R E A L T O R S 
494-7771 | 

BR A U N S TA TIO N 
This 3-2-2 R anch sty le ho m e is s u rro u n d e d by oak tre e s , has large single living a rea with stone fire p la c e , p r e fly k itc h e n w ith window to front, all carpeted, low equity 
Century 21 
W H IT E H E A D -H O L L ID A Y 
681-o3oo______________ R E A L T O R S 

BRAUN STATION WEST 
B Y O W N E R , T h is P e y r o ld landscaped, c arp e te d 3-2-2, fe a ­ tures a dining room with full m ir­ ro re d w all, paneled fa m ily rm - fireplace, b reakfast bay, BO NUS 
R M , rose gardens, sm oke a la rm . roof tu rbines. F e n ce d . A s su m e 
5339 mo or refinance 684-3147 

B Y O W N E R . B e a u tifu l 3 b e ­ droom , 2 bath, livin g room and paneled den. Assume $177 m onth­ ly paym ent + equity or purchase for only 
$34,5oo. 
7126 
Desilu. 
684-29o7. 

$38,9oo 
4-2, playroom , den, built-ins, over 
19oo s q .ft. liv in g a re a . C o rp e t, cent a ir-h eat. drapes, fo rm al liv ­ ing and dining. N ear U TS A -U SA A . 
696-3918 By Appointm ent 

BY OWNER 

SENECA ESTATES 
6oo1 R ue S ophia. Im m a c u la te , w h ite b r ic k a n d fr a m e , 3-2 -2, 
S p a n is h c o u r ty a r d e n t r y , s p ac io u s c o rn e r lot, s e c lu d e d y a rd , sh ad y p o tio , custom k it ­ chen, m any extras. Priced below appraisal to m ove this w eekend. 
545,7oo. 681-1664 

By o w n e r, S h e n a n d o a h , 3 -1-1, carpet, drapes, large patio, SUS at 6j4°* or 528,9oo. 69o-87o6. 
B Y O W N E R - U n iv e rs ity O a k s , 
3-2-2, larg e living area, fp, utility room , e x te n d e d p atio , p r iv a c y fence, drapes, 696-78o6___________ 

B R A U N S T A T IO N W E S T ...C o n ­ te m p o ra ry hom e has 3 loge b e ­ droom s, 2' j baths! L ivin g room 
Plus fom ily room with fireplace. 
24 HR T E L E P H O N E S E R V IC E 
546,2oo. 
R E A L T O R S 
681-29oo 

B y o w n e r, b e in g tr a n s fe r r e d . 
S acrifice lovely 3-2' a tow nhom e n e ar U TS A , new schools, shop­ ping. 
Low equity. 
222-2382. 
696-3258.___________________________ 
B Y O W N E R - 3-1-1, c e n tra l a ir heat, newly painted N E schools. 
Conv or VA. 344-o428_____________ 
By Owner, Deer Run, 3-1-1, Cute ond C ozy, on q u ie t c u l-d e -s a c . 
L arge lot, 
$23,5oo. 
681-2766, 
344-2139. 
____________( L R .E A . ) ____________ 

B y o w n e r. D e e r R u n , 3 -2 -1 ,, privacy fence, carpet, appliances, j 
$24,9oo. No agents p lea s e. 5715, 
Swift Creek 684-6816._____________ 

By owner, Dellview a rea , d e lu x e ; condition, I owner, 3-1-IVi, livin g : room , dining area, hail, carpeted, b a th , tile flo o r and w a ll, la rg e fa m ily room , 2 a ir units, ra n g e, re frig. 342-o39o. 

BY O W N E R -U N IV E R S IT Y OAKS 
3-2-2, cul-de-sac, large wooded lot, p r iv a c y fe n c e d , w ooden p a tio cover, fireplace, softener, c a rp e t­ ing, m a n y e x tro s . $44,95o. N O 
A G E N TS . 69o-8391 

CAREFREE CONDOMINIUM 
See this lovely 3 bedroom tow n­ house to a p p r e c ia te th e o pen s p ac e , g re e n h o u s e , a n d q u ie t neighborhood. Coil NOW for an app't. The price is right! 69o-95o2. 
REALTY WORLD 
Landmark Realtors 
5675 CASki is all it takes to get into this beautiful 545.ooo home. C a r­ pet, appliances and F IR E P L A C E . 
Call now! 
Fortuna Associates, 696-1412 

B Y O W N E R Dellview 2-1. E xtro large lot with 
17 large trees. 
349-2283 
Guy Chipman Col f i S t S i l S 
. j s u b k 
3 -B e d ro o m , 2-B a th b e a u tifu lly j rem o deled inside a nd out. N ew c a rp e t th o u g h o u t. O P E N e v e r vday. 4823 New com e, 341-4538. 

BEDROOM WITH BALCONY 
F irep lace in the la rg e single iiv ing arca, C alifornia kitchen o v er­ looks the scrum ptious b a c k y a rd full of oaks. Just like new. P riced in the m id 4o's. 
C en tu ry 21 
Schneider Realty 
684-72oo 

BIG B A R G A IN 
4-2' j-J on tree shaded quiet st, 3 fam ily areas, screened patio, can be greenhouse, over 25oo sa ft .+ 
M AC R E A L E S T A T E 828-2521 i 
IV M i d i a Wd n TWS------------- 

IG ! D e s c rib e s 
•his larg e 4 bedroom , 2 bath ( I club) executive garden hom e in this com m unity of na tu ra l beauty located on a high corner lot con­ venient to e ve ryth in g in this ex­ c e lle n t 
N o r th w e s t lo c a tio n . 
Im ported Ita lia n tile in k itch e n , c o rn in g cooktop, s elf c le a n in g oven. V a c a n t, s p a rk lin g c le a n , w aiting tor Ifs new ow ner. 24 hour professional security. 
342-3211 
A N Y T IM E 
ROSOW & KLINE 
REALTO RS-5o Y ea rs Of T R U S T 

D R E A M L A N D OAKS 
3 Bedroom , 4 bath, Saltillo tile and carpe!, huge m aster bedroom and bath, large gam e room , wet b a r, a tta c h e d u tility b u ild in g , la rg e y a rd . P a tio , m a n y tre e s . V e ry p r iv a te . 295o Sa 
F t. N E I S D . 
571,9oo. 
By appointm ent only, 
349-2oo7. 

B Y O W N E R - F O R E S T G L E N 
3-2-2, 
Stucco. C o rn e r T re e s . 
P rivacy fence. 57,3oo equity F H A 
74« or 534,ooo. 681-1726 

BY OWNER? 

 to e I AST RESULTS 
PLACE YOUR W A N T AD 
IN THE EXPRE55 N EW S 
CALL 2 2 5 -1 6 6 6 

F re e b rochure tells hew b u y ers a n d s e lle r s p r o f it fr o m 
H om eow ner M a rk e tin g S erv ice . 
No obligation. 349-4373. 

IS 2 2 5 -1 6 6 6 
EXPRESS A N D N EW S 

C A S TLE H ILLS 
Bv O w ner, No down paym ent to 
V et. B eau tifu l stone 3-2-2, lo rg e den, fireplace, prospective buyer can choose colors for new carpet. 
Must sell. 494-3229, 341-8134. 

CA S TLE H IL L S . Beautifully and com pletely redecorated home, set on wide lawns... has 2 w oodburn­ ing fireplaces, custom dr aper ies and a re m o d e le d k itc h e n ! T he m a s te r suite includes a s ittin g room (3 b e d ro o m s in o il), 3 'z boths. S eparate q u a rte rs! T o ta l living in a lovely environm ent. 
M O N -F R I O P E N T IL 8PM 
5125,ooo. 
R E A LTO R S 
494-7771 
Guy Chipman Co 

CA S TLE H ILLS 
3 bedroom s, large form al livin g , separate dining 3ox22 den, dual fireplace, beautiful oversized lot. 
Aslk for Beth Tote. 
341*9166 A N Y T IM E 
Century 21 

H O W A R D T A T E R E A L T O R S 
. 

Century 21 

E L A IN E LU D W IG & ASSOC 
COLONIES NORTH 
4 bedroom in perfect condition, 2 ear g o ra g e, over UOO sq. ft. of living areo Priced to Sell. D avid 
Pozzi 
R E A LTO R 
349-4195. 
344-5o62___________________________ 
C O N D O 
J U S T L IS T E D ! 2 be droom , I ' j bath, double g a ra g e w ith e xtra storage. Located in the quiet and prestigious E nchanted 
V illa g e . O n ly s e c o n d s fr o m schools ond shopping centers. A steal at only 
531,9oo. 
824-o121 
A N Y T IM E 
ROSOW 6 KLINE 
R E A LTQ R S -5o Y ears Of TR U S T i 
C O R N E R L O T has side e n lr y g a ra g e ...lovely, stucco hom e w ith 
3 bedroom s! Living, dining and fam ily rooms. Shag carpeting! 
24 HR T E L E P H O N E S E R V IC E 
544.9oo. 
R E A L T O R S 
681-29oo 
Guy Chipman Co 

C O U N T R Y F E E L IN G ! 
5 be d ro o m (o r 4 plus lib r a r y ) , J '/j b a th hom e has double g a r a g e w ith a ir w o rk s h o p ! C h u r c h ill] 
H igh! 
Im m ediate possession! ! 
Trees! 
M O N -F R I O P E N T IL SPM 
579.9oo. 
R E A LTO R S 
653-7341 i 
Guy Chipman Co 

C O U N T R Y FR E S H 
Soonish home handsomely decor- j ated w ith w rought iron, 2ooo sq. ft on over one acre. To see c a ll, 
349-1479 
H ector J Herbeck Inc., R ealtors 

COUNTRY LIVING 
Beautiful N E W custom -built 3 b e -1 droom , 2 both home, nestled in the tre es on a lV j a c re lot in T r o t ­ wood. B oerne schools, b u t San 
A n to n io te le p h o n e e x c h a n g e . • 
M a n y , m any extras. For d etails and view ing, call 
342-41)5! 
A N Y T IM E 
WORLDWIDE REALTY 

CRESTHAVEN HEIGHTS 
Conveniently loacated -3-2-1, w ith fa m ily ro o m . B r ic k b -b -q on c o ve red patio. $28,25o. 344-3o78, mtes. 344-37o8 
DON JO H NSO N , R E A L T O R S 
KEY GROUP 

D ecoro to rs ' 3-2-2, S altillo, io'x42 he ated pool, oaks. In C h u rc h ill 
OiSt. 342-65o8. S69 3oo 

D E E R R U N . 4 2 I 

Century 21 
C U D D Y -G LA 5C O C K 
I 
FIRST OFFERING 
OAK HILLS i E x q u is ite C o n te m p o ra rv ho m e 
! nestled am ong oaks on spacious lot with city view. 4-3 plus qts. 2 story, glossed den, over looking patios and pool. 826-3349 
CAROLYN GRAHAM 
I R E A LTO R 
826 8673 A nytim e 
I F o re s t O aks E s ta te s , a s s u m e equity 54,3oo. 3-2-2, e x tro la rg e m aster bedroom , big fa m ily room 
] w ith fir e p la c e . L iv in g - d in in g ! 
I com bination, p riva c y fence. 5477. 
I mo. 681-o429.______________ 
I j 
FO R E S T OAKS i 4-2-2, 1oo% stone, fo rm a l liv in g | 
I room , fom ily room w ith beam ed I 
! ceiling and fireplace, appliances. 
I c arp e te d , la rg e fenced v a rd + 2 : 
: patios. 4 yrs. old. 545,9oo. Assum e 
I J' i% VA. 684-7539. 

I 
FO R E ST OAKS 
2 v a c a n t b e a u tie s , b o th 4 b e ­ droom s, 2 baths, big dens Plus I liv in g and d in in g , tre e d y a r d , I fire p la c es , al! b ric k . Both good; assumptions inlow 4o s 
M E D IC A L C E N T E R A R E A 
B ig 4 o r 5 b e d ro o m s, 2 lu x u r y ) b a th s , custom fir e p la c e In b ig den, form al areo, covered patio 
This handsom e hom e has o v e r 
2ooo sa ft and in m id 5o s 
O N LY $26,5oo 
You get a 3 bedroom , 2 bath, den and livin g w ith HOO sa tt. It is newly painted and has c en tral a ir 
Paym ents con be assum ed under 
SISO. N ear bus and stores 
Century 21 

W hitehead-Holiday 
684-3711______________ R E A L T O R S 
FOREST OAKS 
Convenient a re a ! C irc u la r d riv e 

3-2-2, patio, fenced, no city fox 
828-o665 
736 1766 
675-o629 
WATSON & SON R E A L T O R S 

HIDDEN FOREST 
4 bedroom, 2 bath hom e fo r ontv 
555,8oo. Sunken living room , e a t­ ing b a r in k itch e n , u tility room close to bedrooms. 
349-1436 Anytime 

L E O N V A L L E Y , 3 2-2, fa m ily room with fire p la c e fo rm a l living room , c a th e d ra l c e ilin g , in te r ­ com , s k y lig h t, ro c k p o tio e n ­ trance. MOO sq ft 539,5oo. 684 7297 
LEO N V A L L E Y Bv ow ner. 3-2-2, separate living and dining, fam ily ro o m w ith fir e p la c e , d in e tte , c o v e re d p a tio , p r iv a c y fe n c e , corpet, drapes. 548,5oo. 684-1437 
LIVE FREE? 
It is possible! Invest in this nice duplex with 2 bedroom s, I bath, form al living and dining room s. 
Let your upstairs tenants rent pay you m ortage paym ents.' 
Beryl Weigand 344 734), 342-64S6 
BOB JO N ES , R E A L T O R S 

BASSE WEILBACHER 
KEY GROUP 
INC, R E A L T O R S 

HILL COUNTRY VILLAGE 
5 ' j a c re s w ith h o rs e s ta lls 
Country hom e w ith 3 fire p la c e s and lots of c h arm 3 bed ro o m , 3 j baths.’ Assume this V A loon tor 

LO W A S S U M P T IO N , c o u rty a rd entry to this re ally lovely hom e, landscaped and p riv a c y fenced, fireploced den, larg e m a s te r be­ d ro o m w ith d r e s s in g a r e a . 7 

NEW ANO REAUTIFUL 
4 bedroom , 7' j bath, contem por­ a ry livin g 
In C h u rc h ill Estates. 
High ceilin g s and lots of lights. 
Only 578,9oo 
349-1436 Anytime 
BASSE WEILBACHER 
IN C , R E A L T O R S ________ 

In T h u n d e rb ird ^ H ills 
C le a n , charm ing 3-2-2 in excellent condi lion 
Ruby 
W right 
344 2341, 
342-5847 
BOB JO N E S , R E A L T O R S 
KEY GROUP 
NEW ON M A R K E T 
B E A U T IF U L T -B IR O H IL L 
Don't m iss seeing this neat 4 be broom s, 2 b o th s, I * > g a ra g e , I block to e le m e n ta ry . 
534,ooo 
696 1412 
FORTUNA ASSOCIATES 

 bath. Own w ater w ell 598,ooo. 
CALL 494 522? 
Armstrong Co 
R EALTO RS_______________ 
M LS 

HOLLYWOOD PARK 

N E W L IS T IN G . W h ite b r ic k 7 story, 4 bedrooms, gorgeous treed lot with room for tennis c ourt or : pool. 569,9oo 

O N B L U F F o v e r lo o k in g g o lf , course M agnificent 2 storv con- 1 tem porary with pool. 4 bedroom s. study, living, dining, and g a m e r- oom Views! V iew sl V iew s! 

E L E G A N T R O CK H O M E on >4 

53ooo 
RED CARPET 
342-3111 
R E A L T O R S 
696 So77 
M A JE S TIC C O L O N IA L H O M E w ith com m anding view high on 
Inspiration H ills $22,ooo. E q u ity 
$79o. To see call 349-1479 
Hector J Herbeck Inc., Realtors 

MAY SPECIALS 
JUST L IS T E D , U n iv e rs ity P a rk 
A re a, nice 2 b e d ro o m , I b a th , la rg e c o m p le te ly fe n c e d y a r d . 
Only 515,ooo 
S T A R T E R H O M E , C le a n 3 be d ro o m , I b a th h o m e , id e a l fo r s ta rte rs , p a n e le d k itc h e n w ith n ic e y a r d s u r r o u n d e d w ith 7 

NO CITY TAKES i , brick, 3-2-2, single living area w ith tiie p la c e , b u ilt in k itch e n . 
Call today 
GREY FOREST 
H om e on I a c r e , 2 b e d ro o m , I both, all rock hom e, central heal and air, lorge kitchen, living room w ith fir e p la c e , 2 w e lls . A lso I i bedroom , I b a th . R e n t hom e in perfect shape. 
494-5571 
N IT E S 695-3181 
Century 21 
I 
W A K E F IE L D R E A L T O R S 
NO C IT Y T A X E S . T h e w h o le fa m ily w ill e n|ov this c h a rm in g brick home w ith 3 bedroom s plus study, 2 b a th s , n e a t flo o rp la n . 
Kids w ill love the pool and tennis courts this s um m er. Low SO'S- 
RED CARPET 
347-3111 
R E A L T O R S 
696 5o77 

O w ner. 6 lo rg e bedroom s, 3 baths, s e p a ra te liv in g , d in in g , e n tr y , la u n d r y , d e n , a n d m a s te r s q u a rte rs , fire p la c e , c u l-d e -s a c . 
77oo sq.ft USAA and M ed Center 
6411 
Longhouse 
Ct 
684 /46o 
567.5oo ____________________________ 

O W N E R T R A N S t-E R R IN G l H is la rg e s p ac io u s hom e has 4 b e ­ droom s, 7 baths, workshop N e a r 
B ro o k h o lto w S h o p p in g C e n te r 
N o rth e a s t schools 
A g re a t buy tor only 
547,5oo 
494 7651 
A N Y T IM E 
ROSOW & KLINE 
R E A LTO R S -5o Y ears ot TRU ST 
P A IN T 5 T IL L W E T on this sign in front of this b ra n d 
I new 7 story 4 bedroom listing in jP a r k F o r e s t. Y o u 'lt lo v e b o th 
I larg e living a rea s and the custom 
I p a tio . 8% V A lo a n m a y be as i sumed but hurry-w on t lost. C alf j 341 4484 
BED CARPET 

PATIO HOME 
Lovely 2 story, 3-2'>-2, fu lly cor peted , liv in g a r e a , c e n tra l a ir heat. W alk to schoof-tennis courts 
Now, lust 529.5oo Low equity a nd a s s u m e V A n o te 
E r ie N a g e l. 
696 $33o. 696 27)2. 
PROFESSIONAL REALTY 

PLUSH POOL! 
Surrounded by lovely I bedroom , 
7 both home. A ll in Castle P o rk tor only 557,5oo 
341 4491 
N iles 34) 4778. 
684 4154 
G E O R G E F L O O D . R E A L T O R S 
WA REASONS WHY 
3 bedroom s, I living room , t Con­ te m p o ra ry dining, I den, 3 w alk rn closets, 3' z b a th s , I su n n y k it­ chen, 2-car g a ra g e , 7 q a tio s, I nice gard en home 
SA N D IS O N R E A L T Y 
699 97o1 

BOLLIG RIDGE OWNER 
R e d u c ed p u c e . L a rg e 4-2 2. a ll brick, excellent condition, all k it­ c h e n a p p lia n c e s , c a r p e te d , draped, 7 livin g a rea s, dining, a n d en tertainm ent patio, 684-8554 

 ocre. Peck off fo rm al living and I pecan trees. Just 515,5oo dining room overlooks gorgeous oool area M aster suite up, 3 be­ drooms and gom eroom down. 

JUST C O M P L E T E D . 22o A lcalde 
Moreno. White brick tra d itio n a l. 
4-2'i-2 with light and a iry colors throughout. 
Alm ost 
25oo sq.ft. 
589,5oo. 
CALL 494-5227 
Armstrong Co 

B E A T T H IS P R IC E , c lo s e to 
I school ond shopping, 2-1, la rg e 
] rooms, living and dining com bin­ a tio n , w a ll to w a ll. p lu s ir io n guards on all window s 
Only 
: 513,5oo. j LOW E Q U IT Y , Lovely IOO"* brick 
! home. 3 bedroom , I b a th , larg e i fa m ily room , nice k itc h e n w ith 
I seporote bre ak fa st o re o , built-in 
1 stove goes with the p rice 518,5oo. 
434-3185 

NO MO. PAYMENTS! 
(W IT H 1oo% D O W N ) 
5 4 3 BEDROOMS! 
3 4 BATHS! 
; I m odels open d a ily , 572,5oo to 
! $115,ooo, 1o% or 2o% down, w ill trode, Oak V alley Oak Creek NW out Vance Jackson at C allaghan 
MIKE KINDER BLDR 
696-833o 

R EALTO RS 
M LS 
H O LLY W O O D P A R K 
Room for pool-tenm s-horses on 
I Vi acres of oaks. Solar hom e 3-3 den, fireplace, patios. By ow ner. 
WH M A Y E R R E A L T Y 494-3644 
HOLLYWOOD PARK to this 3-2 2, With fo rm a l liv in g , 
J?uv, pan eled den bos fire p la c e a n d ; b o o k s h e lv e s . 
T r e llis e d p a -j ho...lovely yard ! 542,9oo 
69o-98o2 
MUST SACRIFICE 

GREAT AMERICA 

R E A L T O R S 

FOREST OAKS AREA 

 level home. 

SISTER NARCISO 

M A N Y E X - 
TR A S i 526,5oo. 681 o815.__________ 

D m r R u n , o w n e r, 3 b e d ro o m , sto v e, r e tr ig ., w ith ic e m a k e r , carpeting, window guards, shed, fenced yard, Under $24,ooo. E q u i­ ty $6,5oo, p a y m e n ts 5159. m o . 
681-2398, 684-3366. 

D O N 'T Buy until you see this 5 bedroom , 2' i bath, double g a rag e custom designed hom e! W ell over 
2ooo sq.ft. for form al entertaining ond a ls o cozy fa m ily to m fo r t. 
L o c a te d in n o rth c e n tr a l b e s t area . 681-o66o. 
RED CARPET__ 

I X PRI55 ANO NI WS 

Would you believe only 537,9oo for this privacy- fenced hom e w ith a bright, open ond a iry floorplan? 
; Enjoy the fireploced fa m ily room . 
! Also hove Colonial c h a rm e r to r sam e price. 
C en tu ry 21 
Schneider Realty_________654-72oo 

F o r S o le- B v O w n e r . U n iq u e 
Round Home. 3-2-2, off C allaghan n e a r IH -1o. Low 3o's. 492-1361 
Sunday and evenings week days. 
F o r Sole By O w n e r, B a b c o c k 
N o rth , 3-2-2. Tw o liv in g a re a s . 
F ir e p la c e , c a th e d r a l c e ilin g s , p a rtial m asonry. Nice yard. M a k e offer 
Coil atter 6PM w eekdays, 
69o-1242. 

FOR THE EXECUTE 
In CASTLE H IL L S . B rick, custom built, 3 bedrooms, 2 baths, larg e fire p la c e , 2 fa m ily room s, plus hubby room, vacant. 
567,ooo. 
344-8348 
G ra c e A rn o ld 
R E A LTO R S M LS 

THC ACTION NUMBER 
FOR FAST RESULTS 
PIACE VOUR W A N ! AO 
IN TMI I XPRIS5 N I WS 
CAU 225 1666 

 this big, beautiful 4 bd rm , 3 bath tri-level. You owe it to your fa m ily to see a nd c o m p a r e . 5 8 6 ,o o o . 
824-o171, Nites 655-842) 
RED CARPET 
_________R E A L T O R S 
IN G R E E N L A W N T E R R A C E oft 
Vance Jackson. E x tra nice and spacious 3 bedroom , la r g e den with brick fireplace. 527,8oo. Call 
I N T E R S T A T E 828-o7SS til 8 pm 

JEFFERSON DUPLEX 
I c le a n in g , r e tr ig , a n d d is p o s a l 
J U S T L IS T E D ! H o m e o n d in - 
V ery clean home, nice larg e yard 

Century 21 
DOUG LAS R E A L E S T A T E 

1o5 MC L E O D 
Oft N. H am ilton, 3 Bedroom s. 
733 7194 or 226-9735. 

N O R T H S ID E S C H O O L S - B e a u ­ tifu l 3 b e d ro o m , 2 b a th , double garage, central heat-air. 
Open term s. 
333-4144 
Century 21 
SOUTH E A S T R E A L T O R S 

E x c e lle n t a r e a in N W , b u t in 
N E IS D ond lust the rig h t fam ily 
59o,ooo hom e, w ill c o n s id e r oil h ‘L 
, T h " brtck 2 . forv offers Lovely 4 br, 3 bath m u...- £ 
On o ^ e a t corn^M o?. V b / drooms, 2 boths and double gar age 
E x c e lle n t flo o r p la n . fire place. N IT E S 341-8o77 
349-5125 
& Assoc, Inc. 
342 1373 *28-5636 
R E A L T O R S 

ROLLING RIDGE 
A r t is t ic a lly d e c o r a te d , tm m a c u la te . 3 b e d r o o m , 7 b a th h o m e P L U S la r g e s tu d io or gom eroom . 2 living areas- LO V E 
L Y Upper S3o's. 824-4571 
Nelson Cory. REALTORS 

SETTLING ESTATE 
ROCK C H A R M ER 
IN JEFFER SO N AREA 
7 la rg e b e d ro o m s , 2 tile baths. 
Luxuries include: L a rg e fire p la c e in livin g ro o m , s e p a ra te d in in g ro o m , f a m ily ro o m , e n c lo s e d porch, m ony, m any extras! Low 
4o's Call Dick Holland. 732-4475 or 
822 3327 
W A L T E R G O O D W IN ASSOC 
I 

SHAVANO PARK BEAUTY” 
Spanish style custom built hom e only a few m onths old 
S p e c ia l fe a tu re s in c lu d e sunken fa m ily room , w ith fire p la c e, M o n terre y wells, spacious m aster bedroom , ond m uch m ore Located on ap prox % a cre lot w ith m any trees, 
P riced at 5/9,9oo. 

X 4 & P , < 8 » 4 S o A v « m 
! 
Deanie Owens Co 
R E A L T O R S N West Ofc 

 u t . no,, I S heerer Hills, 3-2, plovroom , new w iles e ij-u v e j central o ir, m any trees on .5 a cre , c o n v e n ie n t to a ll shopping 
By 
] owner 539,8oo 344-6575 ________ 
I Shenandoah, bv ow ner, 3-1-1, cen- 
: frat heat and a ir, beam ed ceiling, i 32 oak frees in back yard 7 'z % 
I o r ig in a l F H A lo a n . P a y m e n ts , 
I SI74 696 3958 
|S O U T H W E S T E R N S T Y L E home j on % of an a c re ! H ickory paneling 
I and rock fire p la c e 
3 la rg e be 
! d ro o m s 2 b a th s ... liv in g ro o m 
: 22x15, dining and gam e room ! 
24 HR T E L E P H O N E S E R V IC E 
M LS 
564,9oo. 
R E A L T O R S 
696-4811 

 come, spacious ond w ell-kep t du- I piex in nice areo. C onvenient to schools and shopping. M ust see! 

M ust sell lovely 4-2-2 in A d a m s] 
Hill bv I June. E quity and assum e 5 
S25o mo. pm t 673-2828 No Agents 
N ear Churchill, J -t'/j-l doilhouse s 
F u llv c o rbeled, lik e new lop of th e -lin e D W , e le c s to v e , s e lf j . i ( d in in g , fro n t p o rc h , t c o r, 
- 
- - walk to bus, school. 515,25o VA. 
I w ith p r iv o e v fe n c e . 529 ,5o o 
Owner-ogent. Aft 6pm , 344-9957 

HORTH LOOP. IHC. 

OFF BUNCO 

WARD REALTY 
o96-1545 
NUO NE STADIUM 
JEFFERSON V ILL A G E 
Well kept 2 bedroom w ith full c e r­ a m ic b a th and s in g le g o ra g e . 
Hardw ood floors lo rg e livin g area... pine paneled dining room . 
B eam ed to m ily ro o m ! B O N U S - vegetable garden, 528,65o. 
69o-98o2 
GREAT AMERICA 

R E A L T O R S 
JUST L IS T E D , B atler than new * bedroom hom e, s e p a ra te liv in g a r e a w ith fir e p la c e , d e n w ith c ath ed ra l c eilin g , v e ry c o n v e n ­ ient to USAA and M edical C enter. 
$43,9oo. Assume or refinance. Call 
341-4666, mtes 344-7o36. 

341-4455 
R E A L T O R S 
73S-2276 
LAUREN R. BARNEBEY 
O FF M A ID E N L A N E - 3 bedroom , 
I ' i b ath s, ra n g e , c e n tr a l h e a t, attached g arage Low equity, 5141 m o., C H A R L E S W A T T S R E A L I 
E S TA TE 732-2918, 732-5355. 

ON A HILLTOP 

 geous view. 552,5oo 
653-435o 

About 53ooo down for this I year old, 4 bedroom home in C hurchill 
School D istrict, quiet cul-de-sac, large single living a rea , fireplace, c o u n try k itc h e n , o n ly 537,5oo | 
341-77o1, niles 341-8294 
JOHH FLOURNOY IHC 

N E A R U T S A . U S A A 
3 7-2 tm m aculate Assume SU % . Echols 
Rlty 433-756o_______________________ 

NEEDS A LITTLE 
Tender loving care 
B ric k 3 be- 
____ ____________________ drooms. 7 baths, central heot-oir. 
F a n ta s tic b u s in e s s g ro w th on big fam ily room , T e rra z z o entry 1 - 
- 
- - 
- 
Castle P ark . 537.5oo 344-8348 

& CO INC R E A L T O R S M LS 

FOR TMI F ASTIST RI SUITS 
ON A WANT AO 
THI NUMBiR TO C A II 
IS 2 2 S -1 666 
IXPRES5 ANO N tW S 

G r a c e A r n o l d 
R E A L T O R S M L S 

THE ACTION NUMBIR 
FOR FAST RESULTS 
P IA O TOUR WANT AO 
IN THI I XPRlSS NEWS 
CAU 775 166o 

Guy Chipman Co 
SPACE! 
2 larg e livin g a re a s plus ga m er- oom large enough for full size pool ta b le ! B u ilt-in k itc h e n in clu d e s re trig Colonies N orth 547,5oo 
R E A L T O R 
691 13oQ 
Century 21 
E L A IN E L U D W IG & ASSOC 

S P L IT B E D R O O M S 
B e a u tifu l 4 b ed ro o m b ric k th a t features a larg e kitchen, 2 decor o to r b a th s a n d fire p la c e . L ik e 
Beautiful rustic 2 bedroom home new P riced tor quick sale Even- with s w im m in g pool and o g a r - 1 mgs 333-o9oo 
Century 21 
D E L A N E Y R E A L T Y 653-o55o 
'S T A G E C O ACH H IL L S ! C harm ing Spanish split-level hom e w ith 
H ill C outry V ista. 4 bedroom s, 2 baths, living room , study, cathe­ d ra l ceiling in dining-fam ily room w ith cozy fire p la c e , a ll e le c tric k itc h e n w ith b r e a k fa s t a r e a 
M a s te r b e d ro o m suite in clu d e s sitting o rea w ith fireplace, dress­ i n g a r e a , p a tio a n d b a lc o n y . 
Located on 2 acres of native ced ar 
! ond oak trees. $76,ooo. 494-76S1 

M O U L - ROSOW $ KLINE e x pr es s a n d n e w s 
R E A L T O R S SO Y e a rs o« T RU S T 

Deanie Owens Co 
R E A L T O R S -W alze m Ofc 

OPERATING CAFE 
IN N O R T E W E S T C A F E 

B a n d e ra Rd. 4 y e a r lease w ith option, a g re a t in ve s tm e n t 
For inform ation call M rs . D e L a G a rza 
344-2341, 696-1956 
BOB J O N E S , R E A L T O R S 

13386214 

13121o46 

^ 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEW S— Sunday May 15 1977 

5 ACRE TRACTS AT 
CANYON LAKE ju st rig h t fo r 
D on t 
Fe n ce M e I n " folks* L ak e facilities, b o a t ramps, sto re s a n d sc h o o ls n e a r­ b y. 
P a n o ra m ic vie w s, m a n y la rg e 
O a k trees. 
S e llin g 3 o % b e lo w m a r­ ket v a lu e . T e rm s to suit. 
F o r a p p o in tm e n t p le a se 

 cal! 
497-3571 „ 1-899-2181 

INVEST • IN C O M E 
• RETIRE • 
FLOWING CREEK 

? bedroom rock house overlook­ ing two live creeks, guest house ond horse stables, beautiful pecan bottom ond live oaks on 

19 plus acres, 45 minutes north 

KENDALL COUNTY 

285 acres of rolling oak covered 

 hills, cabin, spring fed tank, 

 barns, good well divided into 4 

 pastures, will sell all or port. Both owner financed 

Jerry Wagnon & Assot. 
828-33o1 
Niles 344-7719 

HORSES OKAY 
I I M IL E S N O R T H O U T S A N P E D R O 
READY TO M O VE INTO 

3 - 2 2 p lu s h u g e utility ro o m p lu s fire p la ce s, b rick, tiled entry w a y , fo rm a l d in in g ro o m , w alk in c lo se t in m a ste r b e d ro o m , v a u lte d c e ilin g s in fa m ily ro o m , built to sell o n a lm o st a n o cre , a b a r g a in a t o n ly $ 5 4 , 5 o o . 

3 - 2 -2 R o ck, c u sto m built h o m e , Vt a c re o f lan d, fin ish e d p a n e le d g a r a g e , c o v e re d p atio , fire p la ce a n d a v ie w for miles, id e a l fo r c o u p le o r sm a ll fam ily. $ 4 5 , 5 o o 

U N D E R C O N S T R U C T I O N P IC K Y O U R C O L O R S . 3 - 2 -2 p lu s fire p la ce , brick, su n k e n tub in m a ste r b ath , fo rm a l d in in g ro om , situ a te d o n 1 .3 a c re s w ith p le n ty o f tree s a n d a nice view . 

U N D E R C O N S T R U C T I O N — 3 2 2 p lu s 2 ( . 8 6 a cres), 
1 5 o * 2 5 o lot, h a s fire p la ce , fa m ily ro o m , d in in g a n d liv- m g ro o m p lu s 3 n ice size b e d ro o m s, re a d y to m o v e into in 2 w e e k s 

W e a ls o h a v e se v e ra l c h o ic e co u n try size b u ild in g sites. 

Fo r in fo rm a tio n o r a p p o in tm e n t call 
JIM H A R D IN REAL ESTATE 
R E A L T O R S 
497-353o, n ite s 1 o - 8 8 5 - 4 4 o 6 

S T E P IN T O E L E G A N C E ' 4 be droom s. 3’ ? bath, split bedroom arrangem ent L a -g r gam e room h a s full bath o n d o u tsid e e n ­ t ra n c e 
O p e n den a r e a w ith ceilings, wet bar, wood burning fireplace Form al living ond din­ in g room . K itc h e n h a s h ig h ceilings with sky lights and is fully equipped Lovely yard. Covered patio. 
Lots of trees. 
494-7651 
A N Y T IM E 

SPRING OPENING SALE 

SPARKLING SPRINGS 
RANCHETTES 

Kendall 
Country most 

 beautiful restricted sub­ division 
2 Vt to 9 Vt ocre 

 botts. Views from here to 

 yonder, private lake for pro 

 petty owners, overlooking 

 new Boerne City lake. 

$1oo DOWN UP TO 15 
YEARS TO PAY 

Orive north on IU IO toke 

Hwy 82 thru Boerne business 

 district, cross IH IO overpass, 

 go north on West and access 

 road I mile to upper Cibolo 

Rd. Turn west 3 miles. Stop 

 of office for guided tour 

A F F IL IA T E D 
D E V E L O P E R IN C . 
5 3 7 - 4 2 7 3 

BEAUTIFUL LAKESIDE 
S o m e th in g tp e tia l! 
3 be d ro o m s, 
7 d e co ra to r baths, fo rm a l liv in g or d in in g room p lu s sp acio u s den, w ith larg e firep lace ap p lia n ce s p riv a c y fence. C oll to see this ca rp e te d b e a u ty . C o n v e n ie n t to K e lly ond la c k la n d . N ite s 
8 3 6 -7 6 6 8 . 

L O W L O W E Q U I T Y 
Im m a c u la te a n d spaciou s de scribes this 4 -2 -2 b e a u ty in la k e sid e . Low e q u ity a n d a ssu m e 
$ 3 2 4 m on th ly paym en ts. 
This w o n ’t last tong N ite s 6 5 6 -4 7 8 1 . 
OLT o« HIT,HT 
6 5 5 -6 8 4 8 

Lovely 3 bedroom, I both home in 
H ig h lan d H ills. N e ar sh op p in g center and busline Large fenced backyard Imm ediate occupancy 
V A a p p ra is e d at $2o,6oo 
F o r viewing, call 342-4115 A N Y T IM E 

IN DIAN CREEK BEAUTY! 
Priced well below market volue, this extremely nice 3 bedroom, home is in 
MINT 
CONDITION* 
Designed for family living, the double fireplace o conversation area from the T V oreo in the ex fro large family room 
OR sit outside in the evenings on th* lorqe covered patio Offered of 
S24,1 SO 

LACKLAND KELLV-IOW EQUITY 
Only S23oo equity buys this 3 bedroom house with monthly payments of only $1231 located in the Indian Creek oreo. this home is in excellent condition and many extras including the roomy breakfast oreo and fenced yord 
NAYLOR REALTY 
GALLERY OF HOMES 
691-1121 341 9191 65 6-55 2o 

SA N JO SE M IS S IO N 
Im m aculate 3 bedroom . 2 bath. 
M an y extras! P riced to S E L L ! 
Mid 28'S. 
684-o753 
6539 B A N D E R A 
M A R T IN E Z R E A L T O R S 

R E A L T O R S SO Y e a rs Pl T R U ST 

83t Y U C C A Reduced for quick sale 3 bedroom, 513,5oo 
924 4525 
H A S K IN S R E A L T Y 

U pstairs tor children, 4 bedroom, 
3' a bath, dow nstairs master, fire­ place, bright kitchen,. SO S. 
S A N D IS O N R E A L T Y 
699-92o1 
S U M M IT A R E A 
Lo ca tio n and la rg e fenced lot m ake this 4 bedroom very desir­ able. D ra p e s, ceiling fans and water softener are just som e of the extras. 824-o171 

This choice lot overlooks beautiful 
Lake T ravis con be yours! Year round golfing, fishing, boating and horseback riding, com p grounds and m arina, church, schools and lovely hom es in oreo. 
Nites 
656-8212 
655-6848 
D A Y O R N IG H T 

 i martian 
«buuthw i**»t realty 
A A A A A A A H 
Your own home at last! Beautiful townhome Central 
A H. $1oo down, St39 month No c re d it? O K ! H u r r y ! 922-2173, 
675-9294, 673 4714 
P A T M C V E Y R E A L E S T A T E 

F L Y IN G R R A N C H looking for just the right area ond acres on which to build your dreom home for either now or in the future? Well, look no further. 
We hove tracts ranging from 2o ocres ond up ana storting of 
$16oo per acre 
Just 15 min. 
North of Son Antonio on Hwy., 
281 Beautiful views, paved roads, restrictions. Owner financing. 
’ 
FLYIN G 8 REALTY 
1 -4 3 8 -7 4 2 9 
Eves. 1 -8 99-27 93 

T W O ST O RY 
Custom built overlooking the city, 
4 bedrooms, 2 both, Nving-dining combination family room with brick fireplace Shag carpet, cen trol heot and nice loo mony features to mention. Coll today 
DELLCREST 
Brick 3 bedrooms, 2 baths, 2 cor garage, spacious living-dining combination large kitchen with built in oven and range Carpet, covered patio fenced yard, already appraised 
5 3 2 -5 2 4 5 nites 3 3 3 -9 o 9 9 
TW M 
DEAN,E wiM owm co. 
Z u f l H V 
REALTORS— MIS a B a st office 

A B A R G A IN ■ $9oo total m ove in - 
3-1-1, $15o payment, fenced, lust painted. W on't last, H urry* 
674 4126 
R & E Reel Estate 

Hill Country 5 acres 5425 down payment, $66 3o per month. M any trees, rolling hills. Owner financ­ ing a vaila b le . C all tor appoint- ment 734-7964____________________ 

R E A L T O R S 

S W IM T H IS S U M M E R in yo u r own pool! All brick, 4 bedroom, 2 both home has cathedral ceiling and fireplace in living room Oen 
(or dining room ), elegant wet bar! Courtyard and patio! 
M O N F R I O P E N T IL 8P M 
$61,9oo 
R E A L T O R S 
824-9431 

QUALITY BUY 

This spacious 3 bedroom, 2 bath 

 home in Adams Hill will go fast 
Completely equipped kitchen 
Finished garage and privacy fen ce Assume low interest VA loan. 

LOW EQUITY 

 lovely 3 bedroom home with carpeting, range, refrig , fenced yard located in an area with easy access to bases, ex pressway ond schools low mon­ thly payments 

FOR DETAILS AN D VIEW ING 

C A II 67 3-5o 83 ANYTIME 
WORLD WIDE REALTY 

Until we can work out the details, for o sm all investm ent that will m ove you into a hom e of your own. A n y o n e ca n b u y th e se 
Governm ent Owned hom es. F in ­ ancing available. 
67 3-22 71 

B o e r n e 
SA LES 
O ff ICE 
Lake Placid Estate, Seguin, lake- front property, 2 story house, boat dock 
684-4747B. Zoller, Reoltor684-l492 

R O C K H O M E, 3 -2 -2 , on tre e - co ve red knoll, 
3 .8 9 acres, m a n y sp e cia l fe atu re s. 
$ 7 9 ,9 o o. 
C O U N T R Y H O M E S , 3 -2 -2 , w ith vie w s, u n d er construction, close-in. 
R ock a n d brick, fireplaces, on 
4 an d 
5 ocre tracts. Price $ 5 3 ,9 o o . 
LA RG E 
A C R EA G E, up to 
3 2 o acres, in K e n d a ll a n d B a n d e ra 
Co's. $ 9 5 o ocre up. 
S M A I I A C R E A G E Tracts in 
M o u n ta in S p rin g Farm s. 

HIU COUNTRY REAITY 
4 24 M a in St.. B oerne, TX. 

(512) 249-2o31 Collect. 

CAI to 
ISbO 

I bedroom brick home with 2o2 ft. of w ater frontage. Fully la n d s­ caped with sprinkler system and lots of oak trees Large boat dock plus fishing and swim m ing dock. 
F o r d e ta ils a n d vie w in g, coll 
342-4115 A N Y T IM E 

T E X A S S IZ E G R O U N D S A N D 
H O M E , In te re stin g old er rock 
3-2-2-den 
H a rd w o o d flo o rs, fireplace, new er kitchen. Heat- air. Buy today and redeco rate your way! 824-45o7 

R E A L T O R S Sec. SVC. Otc 
9.2 A C R E S with 417' frontage on 
F M 16o4 near Potranco Road In­ vestment potential. 2 bedrooms, I bath, IO year old house. G as tank, septic tank G ood barbed w ire fence 
$71,7oo. 
Coll 
342-3211 
A N Y T IM E 

Building sites on beautiful old, flowing creek with majestic oaks to shade your retreat, O R relax in 
Ihe high hills with breoth taking 4o mi views. Tranquillity, only 16 mi 
N.W OI Loop 16o4 See F R E E D O N 
S P R IN G S R A N C H Easiest owner financing. Anytim e. Call collect. 
R a n c h A C . 
(5 1 2 ) 535-4391, 
547-5o12, S A. 828-783o._________ __ 

L A K E LB J- Highland Haven Sub d ivisio n . B e a u tifu lly situated, large corner lot, oak trees. View of lake, 3 sides. 494-2978 

D E L L C R E S T Lovely 3-1-1. Just remodeled 519,ooo V A PHA. 
924 4525 
H A S K IN S R E A L T Y 
T H U N D E R B IR D H IL L S 
E q u ity b u y u n d e r 
548oo, paym ents $288. 3-2-2, Carpeted. dropes, built-ins, 681 2oo3________ 
Lake I BJ sub divider will self the balance of lots in one of the finest area on the toke, 28 lots-$42,ooo total, will consdider financing, ac! quickly! Come see Ralph Gregg 
512-598-2o84 
BO B JO N E S, R E A L T O R 

S m a ll a c r e a g e , c a b in , well, toward 
Boerne, 
$2,ooo dn 
226-8482._________________________ 

R E A L T O R S SO Years of T R U ST 
A D A M S H ILL near bases, 3 2 2. carpeted, fenced, 2 living areas. 
N S I S D. $34,7oo $75oo equity 
525o mo 2122 Cedor Run, 473 27o2 

4 P L U S Acres, good view, elec­ tricity, septic tank perm it Exc. 
Road. 5)2,ooo with $2ooo down. 
Balance 15 yrs at 8'? % . Financed by owner 695 32o5; 695-89o5. 

2 bedroom s com pletely redecor ated in Eastwood Village. 515,5oo, open term s 684-6444 
Larq e corner lot with beautiful oak treses, a reol charm er with 3 bedroom s, 2 baths, separate liv­ ing and dining, sm all den, p n vo cv fence, it 's o best b uy of only 
$3o,ooo. 341-77o1, nites 341 8294 

S M A L L M O T E L , D E V IN E 
Good condition L an d for enlar­ gement Priced to move. Please h u rry! S A M W O R D , R E A L T O R 
1-663-262) Devine, Tx.____________ 

S E R G E A N T S S P E C IA L 
Cute 2-story, 3 bedroom , 2 bath home has 13oo sa ft. with central heat air, This Gatew ay Terrace home may be purchased with no down VA and paym ents of $235 
Call now 341 4484 

3*2-1 - Air, fence. 565o equity a s ­ sum es $222 V A. Now leased. By owner, 349-o382_______________ _ 
Alm ost ocre with 3 bedroom home on W Pryon $26,ooo Owner w ill fin a n c e a l low in te re st. 
924 8116, 333 3429 
H Y A T T R E A L E S T A T E 
$151 A M O N T H 
2 bedroom townhouse Range, re­ frig, ca rp e l, ce n tra l a ir. Low equity M o v e in today! 
B R IG H A M R E A L T Y 673 14o1 
B E A U T IF U L L Y L A N O S C A P E D - 
Spacaous 3-2-2 on quiet cul-de-sac in A d a m s H ills, m a n y e xtra s. 
Equity ond assume. 673 4536 

H E L O T E S S C E N IC LO O P A R E A - 
2.o37 acres, big oak trees, corner of Joh n W a g n e r Rd. and M o r- nmgside Or. $15,5oo. Aft S 344-IH I 

Lake Placid, comfortable, livea­ ble b a r g a in . M u s t see to ap preciote! 734-54o7_______________ 

R E A L T O R S 
D U P L E X + C O T T A G E 
Hi inc, lo price, owner carry 
533 1oo9 Respondek Wily 656 5667 
E A S T S ID E O F F S P R IG G S D A L E 
• Paint for down paym ent. 3 be­ d room s O nly $12o m onthly No credit? O K ! 
922-2173, 673-4714, 
675-9294 
P A T M C V E Y R E A L E S T A T E 

THREE OAKS 
Spacious 3 bedroom, 3 bath home with beautiful view of the 
Guadalupe 
River. 
Huge en­ tertainment oreo with wet her, den ond living room 
Storage, plus Split-level Needs finishing touches $75,ooo Niles 656-7S8o. 

NAYLOR REALTY 
GALLERY OF HOMES 
656-552o 691-1121 
341-9191 a 

GUADALUPE 
RIVER TRACTS 

Only a few left. 

W id e river • w hite w a te r - 

 n e a r B ergh eim . B e tw e e n I 

 a n d 
2 a c re s from 

$ 1 5 , o o o . 5 % d o w n . 
1 2 

 y e a rs to p a y a t 8 % sim p le 

 interest. A P R 8 % . 
NBG REAL 
ESTATE 
733-13o9 or 497-3584 

Big oaks, well, fenced, old cabin 
828 o665 
736-1766 
675-o629 
W A TSO N & SO N R E A L T O R S 
SO U TH : 2 'j A cre s or more, all utilities, terms. 626-1544__________ 

2 Acres waterfront property, boat ra m p p lu s R .R . P u llm a n C ar. 
Sleeps 26, call for details. 824-o213 

 with large oak trees, located on 
F ly in g L R a n c h in B a n d e ra . 
Priced to sell 
“fast"! 
(512) 
655-5794.________________________ 

T H IN K B IG ! For $22oo equity you can ow n one of the la r g e s t 3 b ed room hom es a ro u n d F u lly carpeted, big co u n try kitch e n with all appliances, air, fenced yard, tucked aw ay on a quiet cu l-d e-sac w ithin w a lk in g d is ­ tance to school, im m ediate p o s­ session. 681-o66o. 

Colonial on pretty londscpoed lot. 
4 large bedrooms, 3 baths, 2 fire­ places, central heat-air, beautiful carpets and drapes. 15x3o pool, m any extras. 
824-4521, nites 
674 o744 

Hill Country 5 ocres 5475 down payment, $66.3o per month M ony trees, rolling hills. Owner financ­ ing available. C all for appoint- ment 734 7964 
______________ __ 

E a stw o o d V illage, 3 bed room , carpeted, central air ond heat. 
L E O N A R D , R E A L T O R S 
333 o64o__________________ 661-3322 
E v e ry th in g for the fam ily and entertaining! 2' i acres on the San 
Antonio River near San Jose M is­ sion 4 bedroom s, 2 baths, den, fo rm a l liv in g and d in in g , 23' recreation room with fireplace. 
Heated pool, custom grill, green­ house and a garden ready to har­ vest! 824-o121 A N Y T IM E ) 

Liv e on beautiful Falcon L ak e I year round! Oso Blanco Lodge units are being offered for sale as condom inium s. Condom inium un­ its will include a com m on area con sistin g of all lake frontage, sw im m in g pool, boat dock and fishoram a F o r further inform a lion, contact Rich or Rose W arren i at Oso Blanco 512-765-4339 or Box 
1118, Zapata, Texas 78o76________ 

I ' ? to 3 Ac, all utilities 
828-o665 
736-1766 
534 4439 
W A TSO N & SO N R E A L T O R S 
Sparkling water on Guadalupe 
11.7 acres, cvpress-pecan trees 
492-9436 H Castle Realty 732-66o2 
Turner Realty 

TRADE HOMES! 

5 4 3 SPLIT BEDROOMS! 

4-3 BATHS! 

H IL L C O U N T R Y R E A L T Y 
424 M ain St. 
Boerne, Tx 
(512)249-2o31 Collect 
_ 
3 bedroom, 2 both, fam ily roam, firep lace, carpeted, p a n e lin g, covered patio and garage, near 
M oursand and 41o. $75,ooo. 
G E O R G E S M IT H R L T Y 924-5174 

Take up paym ents on -•« acre NW for hom e b uilding. W ater, city utilities. M r. Feller, 679-7229. 
B y Owner, approx I acre, J mi. out of S A., 2 large bedroom s, I bath rem odeled, la rge kitchen remodeled. 2 cor carport, E. Cen­ tral water and well, E. Central schools. Lots of shade. 649 1731 

3 bedroom, 2 bath, cent oir-heat all brick home on 195 acres. 24x32 barn. 35 min. Sooth. By Owner. 
1-663-4837 after 4:3o ____________ 

 t e x a s v e t s 
IO A cre s in E. C entral Schools w ith u tilit ie s a v a ila b le . C all 
Em ory Today. 
532-3252 
N IT E S 533-16o5 

E A R L Y A M E R IC A N D E L IG H T 
4 large bedroom s, huge livin g- d in in g room , se p a ra te fa m ily room, patio with arbor, p rivac y fe n ce d ya rd . U n d e r $4o,ooo. 
341 72o1. R E A L T O R S 

2 bedroom fram e house on 4 92 acres, oft Hwy 16, approx 15 m in­ utes from San Antonio. Has roo ing arena, barn, pens, large bar- be-coe pit I 569 3759, 224-o992 
924 42o9 A L L R E A L T Y 533 7987 

(LO T ) On Sunny coast, high, dry, beautiful. 
$5o. dn. 
H urry! 
653-3289._________________________ 
H U E B N E R R D 
3.691 A c r e s 
Clean, big trees, 4oo ft. tront on 
Huebner, 28o ft. east of Oakland 
Rd Beautiful tract. Call Eve A r­ nold 735-6585 or 227-81o5 

Let your home equity be the to% or ?o°o down payment! 8' 7% now! 
Going u p ? ? ? ? 8 models open doi­ ly! Callaghan at Vance Jackson! 

2 lots overlooking Canyon Lake. 
Beautiful View. 342-2976, 349-7528 atter 5pm.________________________ 
By owner in Dunlay 3 bedroom, I bath home, living, utility room s, 
On I '; acres 1-426-3561___________ 
Century 21 
R E A L T O R S 5o Y e ars of T R U ST 
For rent with option to buy. 3 be droom. 7 bath, fenced yard. Call ofter 4pm for oppt. 736-3893______ 

L O V E L Y C yp re ss Cove. Canyon 
Lake. 3 lots, $17oo each. Ow ner tinonced. 214-271-8o85.____________ 
W A K E F IE L D R E A L T O R S 
B Y O W N E R in N E W B R A U N 
F E L S Extra well built 3-2-2 with 2 fire p lac e s, la rg e sh a d e trees. 
Perfect condition. Newly painted ond carpeted. 1-629-2145__________ 

3 bedroom, I both, excellent con­ dition, 5)8,5oo Firm. 
344 6268 
341 6566 
342-6763 

V A L L E Y H I 
N ice 4 bed room , separate dining! large den, 18oo sq.ft. living area, privacy fence. 3 air units, range, large storage 
Only $22,7oo C H A R L E S W A T T S 
R E A L E S T A T E 732-29)8, 732-5355. 

2 to 4 a c r e s n o rth . M o b ile s, h o rse s, ok. $5o d o w n , $35.85 monthly. IO years. M agee 342-2516 
Marshall 
MmUirs 
R E A LT O R *227-81o5 
24 to 83 Acres, S. Bexar, util, $775 acre, by owner. 922-7627_________ 
U P S T A IR S B E D R O O M S 
3 in all. with 2 full baths Plus half bath dow nstairs! Form al living room w alnut paneled fa m ily A N D tame rooms! M any extras! 
24 HR T E L E P H O N E S E R V IC E 
553,9oo. 
R E A L T O R S 
681 29oo 

O w ner se llin g beautiful w ate r­ front lot. v* acre, 9o' frontage on deep cove near State Park Elec­ tricity, septic tank. $12,5oo F IR M . 
924-4231.__________________ 

2 baths. 1,9oo soft, carpet 

 j central, corner, big trees, nice 
1828-o665 
736 1766 
734 4117 
W A TSO N & SON R E A L T O R S 
H IG H L A N D H IL L S A R E A 
3 be 
: droom, nice! Only SISO down, $145 monthly H urry! No Credit? O K ! 

 j 922-2173, 673 4/14, 675-9294 
■ 
P A T M C V E Y R E A L E S T A T E 
H IG H L A N D H IL L S 
, L a rg e 3 bedroom , 2 bath with covered patio and shady fenced lot Only $17,5oo Call Jim 
M C C R E L E S S B E A U T Y 
Stone and wood 3 bedroom home with 2 tile baths, central heat and air, patio and privacy fence. M id 
$3o’$ Call Marti. 
$14o,ooo 
B u y s 
H ig h la n d 
H il l 's m o st elegant, prestigious home, high on 
Highland's highest hill. 
Call 
Today 
532-32S2 
N IT E S 337-4823 

Hwy 46, close to 281. 2.5 acres, 2oo ft. tront. 344 9558_________________ 
3 to 16 Acre tracts, will finance tank on I tract, nice trees. 
684-4211 P IO N E E R R E A L T Y 
H W Y 87E, I P L U S A C R E 
On a cool hill • lovely view. 3 be­ droom home, central heat-air, all electric Own wafer well and on waterline. In Wilson country. 
Sontex Co., Realtors 653-o46o 

2-2' 7-2, guest room + both, barns pens, pecan, fruit trees, fenced 
828 o665 
736-1766 
534 4439 
W ATSO N & SO N R E A L T O R S 

B E L L A I R E , n ice 3 b e d ro o m home, com pletely redecorated w alking distance to schools ana sh o p p in g. O w n e r a n x io u s No down VA 
H U G H E S & B R IS C O E 
924 4331 
R E A L T O R S 
333 9358 

Lovely 3 bedroom, l 'j bath near elem entary and middle schools. 
A N Y O N E C AN B U Y this beauty. no dawn, V E T S sove eligibility 
H U R R Y ! Won't last. VA owned property. 
R E A L T O R S 
674-3552 
H O D SD O N 8. A S S O C IA T E S 

N E W H O M E S IN 

N O R T H W E S T 

S A N A N T O N IO 

C O M IN G S O O N 
Another Fine 
RAY ELLISON 
COMMUNITY 

6 8 1 - 3 o 2 o 

M E D IN A L A K E W A T E R F R O N T 
Has everything-2 bedroom home 
2 rent cabins and 2 docks 
Down paym ent negotiable 
695-8811 W atson & Son 1-75) 233o 

4 T R A C T S on Lam m Rd. in south 
Bexar Co. 33.5 to 35.5 Ac, o.3 mi 
S.W. from intersection of P M 16o4 and IH-37 Near B rau n ig Lake. 

Restored pioneer historical home, built in 187o, nostalgic and lovely. 
684-47478. Zoller, Reultor681-1492 
M O B IL E H O M E and 2 lots on 
L a k e S u m m e rv ille n e a r A A M 
Univ 521,ooo Call 342-68o7 

B U Y V A - A N O S A V E y o u r eligibility. 3 bedroom s, for only 
$145 payment. Call today! 
674-6126________ R A E Real Estate 
3 I ' 2-1, bv owner at. 7oo6 Brow n­ lee!. E x c e lle n t n e w e r hom e 
Trees, fenced yard, patio, central air-heat No red tape. $9oo M O V E 
IN now!! Can finance Stove and re fr ig e ra t o r it d e sire d C a ll: 
(Pieosanton) 1-S69-3382___________ 

49 W O O D E D A C R E S . Just m in­ utes from IH -1o with older w ee­ kend house and stone fruit cellar, some field land, lots of wildlife. 
L O O K IN G 
F O R 
A C R E A G E H O M E S I T E S ? 
5 w ooded a c r e s ju st n o rth of 
Boerne, water well in and fenced. 
Ready to build on. 

China Grove area, 1-6 acres 
648-333oLG R IP P S R L T Y .648-o44: 
“Close In 
Country living, few miles north of town. L a rg e oak studded tract, w ater system , elec., telephone school bus, paved ro a d s New area, easy access to U S A A ond 
U T SA Coll R ay Wood, 497-3751 or eves 822-9355._____________________ 

P O R T A R A N S A S 
Colorful Condom inium , complete­ ly furnished M arina, pool, tennis, etc. Sm all equity. Call 658-6153. 

E a r l y A m e r ic a b e a u ty 
3 be drooms, very lorge living room, separate dining, den with fire ­ place, office, treed yard E x c e l­ lent condition 
341-72o1, nites 
341 8294 

In C hap arral Creek addition B O E R N E . T h is lovely two story has balcony that over looks living area, 4 bedroom s, and lots of sto ra g e . N ow re o d y to move into. D rive to Boerne, turn 
East on Blanco to 224 Chaparral 
Dr 

••• W H Y R E N T ? ••• 
B U Y -N o th in g down to an yo n e ! 
E a sy to qualify. 2, 3, ond 4 be­ drooms, some with appliancs. Call now ! 
H a b la m o s 
E s p a n o l. 
923-19o4, 923-52o6. 
A R C IN IE G A R E A L T Y 

P R E - C U T Authentic Log Cabin 
Kits. Log cab ins and log hom es built on your property. D E A L E R S 
A N D D I S T R IB U T O R S W anted 
F o r T h is A re a . A L A S K A L O G 
C A B IN S , 
IN C ., 
3935 
SO . 
B U C K N E R B L V D . , D A L L A S , 
T E X A S . 
214-388-o697, 
494-3987, 
278-7815. 
______________ 

M em ber TFRA Inc. 

See us for other listings 

All sites and types 

 let s Talk It Over! 

B Y O W N E R 
3 2 2 H om e fully loaded Excellent buy at 531,ooo 
547 Scotty 673-7331___________ 
R E A L T O R S 
1o5 Saunders, Boerne, Tx 
249-3526, 
249-284o, 
249-8266 
S A. direct line 824-9112 

V A L E N C IA - % m a so n ry, 3 b e ­ droom, 2 bath, livinq-dining-den combo, with brick fireplace, un­ d e rg ro u n d s p r in k le r s , doub le qaraqe, privacy fence, 1,978 sa It floor space. E q u ity or a ssu m e 
$316 mo. at 7 j 4 int . total price 
$43,5oo Call tor details Better hurry, tomorrow will be too late 
(or this one) C H A R L E S W A T T S 
R E A L E S T A T E 732-2918. 

SACRIFICE I 

J IOO ACRES of a beautiful r iv e r 'K 

? ranch in the Hill 
Country. 
J HURRY! 
* 
* 
3o ACRES 
* 
J G uadalupe 
County, new ♦ 

^ Berlin area. 
M obile home, "K if tractor and equipment, barn, J 

Green Volley 
Water, 
GBEC, J 

•* M orion phone. Priced to S E U ? 

4c at $47,5oo. Coll to see! 
^ 
J 
RUTH MONTGOMERY 
* 
J 
REAL ESTATE 
J 
J 
659-1313 t 
J 
N IT E S 6 5 9 - 1 8 3 3 J 
* * * * * * * * * * * * * * y 

By owner, in new Valley Hi, 3-1 -1, central air, carpet, covered patio, shed , sto ve , re frig , g a rd e n . 
$2o,9oo. 674 35o1 otter 6 __________ 
Century 21 
Attention Horse Lovers. 25 acres irrigated coastal, over 25oo sa. ft. 
3 bedroom rock home. 5 stall, tack room and groom ing quarters and much more. Owner financed. 
344-6268 
684 5768 
341-6566 

2242 S. Main, Boerne, Tex. 
1-249-2678_________________249-. 
2 bed room , I bath, d elivered , 
537oo. 628-1459.___________________ 
CARLOS BRAW NER REAITY 

37 9-59 47 
Seguin, Texi 

SO I E. K ingsbury 

P. o. Box 1122 

W A K E F IE L D R E A L T O R S 
V A C A T IO N H O M E 
H IL L C O U N T R Y 
2 bedroom s, I bath, com pletely furnished on tree covered lot in 
Cypress Cove, tennis, club house, sw im m in g pool a n d a c c e ss to 
C a n y o n L a k e . $15,ooo, good term s. J A M E S O H ID Y , R E A L ­ 
TOR. 494-3419, or 885-4642________ 

Good H om e to be w recked for parking lot downtown. 228-o)3o. 
H IG H L A N D H IL L S 3 bedroom, I bath, cen tral heat-air. A ssu m e 
SI 29 month 
333-4144 
N iles 333-6143 

C o u n try liv in g , C a stro v ille , 1: acre, approx. 3,ooo sq.ft. $91,5oo. 
684-4747B. Zoller, Realtor68l-)492 
3-2-CP on large, fenced corner lot. 
Den , new c a rp e t in g , b u ilt-in range, 2 AC 674 7o73_____________ 
B Y O W N E R . Valley HI, 2 storv 
4-2-2, cent air heat, all carpet, verv spacious home, D E M A N D 
A R E A 539.ooo 674 3821 349 8887 

L A N D IN H IL L C O U N T R Y 
Wild gam e and rolling valley 
736-1766 
828 o665 
333-1163 
W A TSO N & SO N R E A L T O R S 
L A R G E B U IL D IN G S IT E 
I mile north from Loop 16o4 N.W desired location, deep soil and wooded orea. Water, electricity, and phone. Paym ents of $54.34 at 
7 % sim ple interest after sm all down amt. Les Feller, 679-7229. 

Not only generous-size homesites 
($1495. up, som e with trees) for mobile-m odular hom es; city type utiltites;paved streets-but picnic 
'tables, boat dock, fishing pier, 
I club house, pool! Owner financ­ ing, 8 % a n n R e s o rt like c o m ­ munity on Lake Dunlap near New 
B raunfels just 25 m inutes drive fro m 
S A . 
T a k e 
1-35 
L a k e 
M cQueeney exit in 
New 
Braunfels 
R IV E R B E N D R E A L T Y t-625-9417 

 your lot. All paneled and plum b­ ing, vinyl floor covering 
2 bedroom, I both. SIO,5oo 
3 bedroom, I bath, 512,8oo 
Oodson Lum ber_________ 624-2252 

V alie v Hi, North, ow ner, 3 2-2, 
Iiv din. family, breakfast rooms. 
Cent air-heat, bullt-ins. carpeted, fenced $29,ooo assum e 5'4 loon at 
$159 mo 674 8529_________________ 
Century 21 
SO U TH E A S T R E A L T O R S 
A C O O L M O U N T A IN T R A C T 
L e a k e y a re o -H c o v ily w ooded, g o o d h u n tin g . 18 A c re s. 52oo 
Down, term s on balance Ow ner financed Call E M O R Y J O N E S , 
734-4627 or 828-6244.______________ 

C O M M A N D IN G V IE W 
Over 7 acres hill top with a soph* sicated C ontem porary designed by owner-architec. Just minutes from Med Center and downtown, 
Country Club privileges available 
Please call us tor details 824-3233, 
822-5973, 822-91o3, 826-oo49 

One, 5 R o o m and one 4 room houses ready to be m oved. M a- son, 344-5585._____________________ 

C LO SE TO B A S E S - 3 I CD, $166 payment, $175 total m ove in. 
674-6126________R A E Reol Estate 
C O Z Y 2 B E D R O O M S - fa m ily room, bus one blk. $2oo dn, $165 mo. 
696 742o S L A T E R R L T Y 684-6169 

4 bedrooms, 2 baths, fam ily room ond kitchen area, fenced yard, 
518oo equity m oves you in. 3 be­ droom s, paneled thru-out. neat kitchen, double carport. $14,ooo 
Roberto White 533-7163, 333-8763 
B O B JO N E S, R E A L T O R S 

 to acres south of (HIO east. Some trees, utilities, good bird hunting. 
Has been appraised. 
Nites 
653-2o13. 

A liena V illage 2 bedroom , den ho m e 
F ir s t tim e on m a rk e t 
B u y e r 's c h o ic e of fin a n c in g . 
5)9,95o. 341 2222 Anytim e 

3 Smalt houses moved and foun dahons. out of cit. 653-o482._______ 
186 A C R E D R E A M , on Hw y 9oA, 
3,ooo’ Guadalupe R iver frontage, pecan bottom, barns, pens, wells, house. A place to keep fo re v e r, c a ll u s at 512-379-9271, o r 
512-379-37)7, tor details.__________ 

125o Sq.Ft. House to be moved, m ost R e a so n a b le E stim a te Ac cepted Call 828-8o5o______________ 
Century 21 
R A Y T E A L, R E A L T O R S 

5 + Acres, out of the ranch con­ tain in g the h e a d w a te rs of the 
“L IT T L E B L A N C O ". $3,875, 1o%, 
2o y e a r s to p a y at 8 % . B I L L 
H U G H ES, B R O K E R 822-1236,. 

F IR E P L A C E . Ju st listed 3 be­ droom home featuring large liv­ ing, d in in g , p lu s o v e r siz e d paneled den with fireplace and im pressive interior brick work, lorge lot with privacy patio, cen­ tral heat-air, built-in kitchen, low equity of only $25oo and assum e 
52o5 mo 681 o66o 

W E 
B U Y 
H O U S E S 
TO 
B E 
M O V E D 
628-1459__________________ 922 41)3 
T E A L , R E A L T O R S 
R E S ID E N T IA L 
M U S T S A C R IF IC E Residential (of at F O R T C L A R K S P R IN G S A S ­ 
S O C IA T IO N , Brackettville. T ex­ as. You choose the site. Please write Apt.9, 1o67 Valencia St.,San 
Francisco, C A L 9411o and make o f f e r . ________________________ 

42 acre live oak hills. Joins huge ranch, deer-turkey. $395 per acre. 
Liberal terms. 1-896-244o 
Compact brick 3-2' a-2. On 3 acres w ith fire p la c e , la r g e p a tio , co ve re d p o rc h and on office. 
Beautiful yard, fenced area for horses Bulverde Schools. $55,ooo. 
Call Jim Hanley, Broker. 

L a rg e tra c t N o rth out 281, 15 m iles. O a ks, good soil, S85oo 
Robert Sm ith, B ro k e r. 698-2o93. eve. 494-6667._____________________ 

W E IZ M A N N 
This 3-1 sold the first day on m ar­ ket. This is your second chance, com pare with any hom e at this price and you will hurry lo pur- 
•hose, very clean, has storage 
■tied. Immediate possession Only 
.19,ooo 

3o A cres- Som e im provem ents. 
G u a d a lu p e 
Co. 
$85o a c re . 
I 625-682) C. Lee Smith Land Co. 
[HIU mild— 
3 Bed home P rice $17,ooo SI S2 
Alm ost An Acre! $9oo with only 
51oo down, $36.18 per month for 24 months at 8% A P R L A K E C R O F T 
R E A L E S T A T E 342-166). 
__ 

V IE W ! V IE W ! V IE W ! 
Best describes this sm all cottage and 3 acres (m ore avail.), with water rights. Built to add onto. 5oo ft. to iH-1o, 5 mi. north of Boerne. 
$17,5oo. 1-537-4569______ 

N e a r F t S to c kto n 
H a s been form ed. 2 Wells. Hyw. Oeer and quail. Rusty Russell, 2)18 Rigsby, 
333-5863 
____________________ 

8 A C R E S, south. Well, electricity, 
19 lorge oak trees 923-8o42. 
Devine, Texas 
1-663-4558 
R IV E R F R O N T LO TS 
C Y P R E S S H O L L O W IN B A N ­ 
D E R A CO.- Beautiful riverfront lots on the crystal clear Sabinal 
R iver, id e al for p erm anent or resort home. Located on FM187, approx. 4 mi. north of Utopia, 
Texas Call Utopia (512) 966-34o7 weekends; w eekdays call Austin 
345-587o. 
________ T Y N E S R E A L T Y ________ 

497 3621 R E A L T O R S I+438-7442 
C O U N T R Y L IV IN G ! 
Big 3-2-den, huge fireplace, only 3 y e a rs old 
On 5 tree stu d d e d acres. Blacktop rood on 3 sides. 
Fence, cross-fenced. Pieosanton, 
Texas, 349-65o3, 494-2o4o 

Real Estate 
2 mi from Canyon Lake, 5.9 acres, both sides permanent creek, huge trees, h ig h view . J im A s h le y 
Realty 226-7774___________________ 

5 acres, by owner, 3 bedroom s, real nice, 2 greenhouses. $42,ooo or divide. 923-1884._______ 
_____ 

G A T E W A Y T E R R A C E 
Older 3 bedroom , 2 bath hom e near Lack Kel Anyone con boy with no down paym ent and low closing costs. Only $21,275. 
B R IG H A M R E A L T Y 673-14o1 
H A N D Y M A N S P E C IA L 
L a rg e o ld e r-sty le 2 b e d ro o m oft S. 
Flores $9,ooo 923-4327, 349-8453 
Ronald Williamson 
H A R L A N O A L E A R E A . E x t ra nice 2 bedroom. 2 bath, separate dining, central air-heat, detached garage, corner lot. 
923-4327, 
924-2923 
Ronald Williamson 
H O M E S 4 -SA LE - 52oo total move in. 
674-6126________R & £ Real Estate 
Kingsborough spacious three be droom, one and a halt baths and paneled garage with 6 X 
8 glass door, house completely carpeted with plush carpeting. You'll like the Spanish style floors, brick and flowered paneling, toolshed and more. 
M any extras. 
$19,5oo 
922 2395_________________ 

Century 21 
W H IT E H E A D H O L L ID A Y 

On Sulphur Springs Rd Beautiful oaks, LaV e rn ia schools. Ow ner tinonced. Bill Horper, 494-7412. 

H IG H L A N D S A R E A Want to buy an older home, fix it up yourself? 
2 or 3 bedrooms, no down, 514o to 
$19o per month 675 1691, 673-491o 
P O IN T E R R E A L E S T A T E 

A 6 8 A C R E T R A C T 
Bandera. Pipe Creek area. Beau­ tiful views, good hunting, elec­ tricity a vaila b le , lust m inutes trom 41o. O w ner financed, $1oo down, term s. Show n by app t 
E M O R Y 
J O N E S 
734-4627, 
828-6244.____________________ 

Wilson Co, 2o-48 ac som e coastal 
648 333oLG R IP P S R L T Y .648-o44 
W H IT E H E A D H O L L ID A Y 
681-o3oo______________R E A L T O R S 
W H IS P E R IN G O A K S 
One of a kind 
Sup er I liv in g area, mid-level library, dual fire­ p lace . s e p a ra te d in in g , 3 b e ­ d ro o m s 2 p la y ro o m s, see to believe. Ask for Beth Tate 
341-9166 A N Y T I M E 

1o85 A C R E S -H ig h tv im proved, 3 
Bedroom brick home, forem an’s house, barn, sheds, pens, corrals. 
M ake Offer! 
7ooo A C R E S , South Texas brush, 
Excellent hunting, Priced right 
39o A C R E S , E xce lle n t Q u a rte r h orse ranch, com fortable home, good turf of gra ss 
881 A C R E S , K e rr County, B e a u ­ fin lake, Hiwav frontage. 
8oo A C R E S , stock farm. Will trade for motel or West Texas ranch 
742 A C R E S , Irr ig a t e d , ch e a p water, long grow ing season, High carrying capacity 
R A Y M O N D 
B A Y L O R 
R E A L 
E S T A T E 
C arrizo Springs 1-876-5658 

N E A R B O E R N E 
On IH1o, beautiful lot, 99 X 185, natural gas, electricity, central woer, septic tank, 69o-o352._______ 

46 acre stock farm, east central area, new fencing, stock tank, coastal, new 2-2-3 b ric k hom e, large oak trees. 
648 333oLG R IP P S RLTY.648-o44i 
A L M O S T 2 A C R E S with popular 
Northside Restaurant. 3 dwellings I and a garage apt fronting 2oo ft on Huebner Rd Call Eve Arnold 
735-6585 or 227-81o5 

A Beautiful 
2 b e d room hom e on dead end street. 24x13 combination dining, new vinyl kitchen floor. $16,95o. 
Maxine 
Ham m ond 
533-7163, 
534-767o 
B O B JO N E S, R E A L T O R S 

Country living, 9 miles Loop 41o, all brick, 3 bedroom s, 2 baths, fireplace, garden room, 3 acres, fenced. No down Va, will trade 
B O B D e P A O LO 
532-5251_______________ R E A L T O R 

IO ac., brush, just south of county line $9ooo, Bell 226-2324___________ 
• H IL L S ID E LO T - B E A U T IF U L 
View - $14oo E a sy Term s 
•Large Lot - Trees-Near Lake 
And boat ram p - E a sy Term s 
Copt. E. Jones 
_______ 923-6211_______ 

Near UTSA, M edical Center, etc., tine homesite with water. $55oo. 
T re e s, la r g e lu x u r y c u sto m homes all around you. A bargain 
H BG Real Estate, 342-1661 or 
679-715o. 
__ 

B e a u tifu l lot 15ox135. 2 stock ta n k s a n d re c r e a tio n a l a re a nearby. Choice lot. 
349-3535 or 349-5)11. anytim e 

A C R E A G E H O M E S IT E S 
N W of Sa n A n to n io in B e x a r, 
Comal. Kendall Co's. 1-18- acres or M ore 
Century 21 
H O W A R D T A T E R E A L T O R S 
••• W H Y R E N T ? ••• 
B U Y -N o th in g down to anyone! 
E a sy to Q u a lif y 2, 3, and 4 be­ droom s, som e with appliances. 
C a ll now ! H a b la m o s E sp a n o l 
923-19o4, 923-52o6 
A R C IN IE G A R E A L T Y 

5 acres at the too of a hill Near 
Boerne with a 4 bedroom, 3 both home for only $9o,ooo. 
341 4491 
Nites 684 4154 696-7892 
G E O R G E FLO O D , R E A L T O R 

R E ALTOR*227-81Q5 
A B E A U T IF U L P A R K of your own at M edina Lake with nice homes. 
684-4211 
1-751-9943 
P IO N E E R R E A L T Y 

698-244o 
B R O K E R 
698 226) 
242 K O E H L E R C O U R T 
N e a r M c C r e le s s . C o m p le te ly redone 2 bedroom , central heal and air, fenced, garage. Excellent terms, no down to Veterans 
3418134 
A B D O 
494 3229 

L A R G E O L D E R 3 bedroom home on I acre. Home in excellent con dition. B eautifully fenced yard with large garden area. Ow ner anxious. No down VA 
H U G H E S ft B R IS C O E 
924-4331 
R E A L T O R S 
675 o696 

R E ALTO RS-LockhiH -Selm a Ofc 
Riverm ont property. $2oo eauity, assum e low pmts, 1-438-22S* 

Ju st opened, 2 to 5 ac tracts. 
Rolling O aks Estates, convenient 
U T SA -L .A .F .6 Pre-developm ent p rices from $3,ooo ac. Low dn. 
W ooded re stric te d ho m e site s. 
Electricity, paved streets, no city taxes. 673-7827, 684-7395, 432-o32o. 

A P P R O X 4.7 acres, near Boerne, 
Tx. with a lu sc io u s 3 y e a r old hom e ..sw im m in g pool, h o rse s ta lls a n d b a r n s ! L iv e lik e country gentry in this all brick hom e...w ith liv in g a n d d in in g rooms plus a family room with a la rg e , ro c k fir e p la c e ! 4 b e ­ drooms, 2' 2 luxury baths 
M O N F R I O P E N T IL 8 P M 
$96,6oo. 
R E A L T O R S 
.344 oo22 

$149$ - Nam e your terms. As low os $3$ per month. H B G R E A L 
E S T A T E 733 13o9 or 497-3584 

W A N T C O A S T A L P R O P E R T Y 
A ra n sa s P a s s or Port A ra n sa s 
D O U G L A S A N D E R S O N 
8o3 Gordina______________732-1362 

C O U N T R Y L IV IN G 
Bv Owner 2-2-2, large mobil home on ’ jacre, fenced, patios, garage, workshop. IH-1o NW , very neat and clean. $23,9oo. 698-26o4 eves. 

129 A C R E S 
W ith cre e k , K ike , c a b in n e a r 
Boerne. 
C O O K E 
R E A L T Y 
923-27)2 
______________________ 

Hill Country near Tarpley. Ow ner will finance. 
7285o8 17 A C R E S 
O L D C O U N T R Y H O M E 
5 Acres, remodeled real nice, garden, 7o' greenhouse. 3 Bedroom , I bath, 
By Owner 542,ooo 923-1884 

W aterfront lots on Lake Buchan an, good subdivision, also other w aterfront lots with or without mobile homes. Call Burnet (512) 
756-2793 or (5)2) 756-4153.________ 

17 A cres af $695 acre, off 281N, 
Pretty oaks, excellent hunting. 
Jim Ashley Real Estote 684-4276 

5 b e d room hom e with ce n tral heat-air. U tility room , ra n ge , oven, dishw asher and new roof. 
M oke otter- 
$22,5oo. 
341 2222 
Anytim e 

D O U B L E W ID E M O B IL E H O M E 
G a ra g e , out b u ild in g s , la r g e wooded lot. 3o mi. of S A. W E IR 
R E A L T Y (512) 833-4518__________ 

655-42o6, 226-5184________ 
15o acres hunting country. $99.5o per acre. 5 % down payment. 7Jx % i s im p le in te re st w ith 2o y e a r term s. Ow ner financed. Call for appointment 734-9598 ____________ 
2o a c re s hunting country. $495 down payment, $77.22 per mo. On fence line of larege ranch. Never hunted. O w ner financed. Call to see 734-7964 
___________ 
' 15o acres hunting country. $99.5o per acre. 5 % down payment. 73i % sim p le in te re st w ith 2o y e a r terms. Ow ner financed. Call for appointment 734-9598 
__________ 
15 acres, ideal retreat, E. Seguin,' 
2 mi I H IO , F M 2438, 15 p e c a n trees, elec, well, cam p house, barn, m ust be seen. 822-131o 
115 A C R E S - Im proved near Tar 
O ley. D e e r, tu rk e y 
T e rm s 
Owner. 1-562-3272, 828-o133_______ 
289 A c re s in T erlin gua, Texas, mountain, rive r bed and Indian cave on property. 
$37,5oo 
512-367-2379.______________________ 
IO acres irrigated form land S75o down paym ent. $116 99 per mo 
Good well furnished. N ear high way. Ow ner will finance. Coll to see 734-7964_________________ 

25 A C R E S K E R R V IL L E . Rolling hills, h u g e tim ber. Sce n ic wet weather creek, spring. 896-244o. 
257-7823, 896-1o18.________________ 

195 A C R E S , 5 mi. N.W. of C o s troville. Strong spring runs thru the place, excellent place for lake 
$7oo per acre. Good terms. 
162 A C R E S , 5 mi. N.W. of D 'H a n is 
$525 per acre, good terms. 
117 A C R E S , 9 mi. N E. of Hondo, 
29 acres in field, good well, gooa hunting. $75o per acre. Excellent terms. 
153 A C R E F A R M , 5 mi. west of 
Hondo, good well, old house, $7oo per acre with good terms. 
4,155 A C R E S , 12 mi. n o rth ol 
Sabinal, 4 wells, I ’ a mi. of Sabinal 
R ive r, excellent hunting, good ran ch lan d . $35o per a cre with good terms. 
C L A U D E S C H U E H L E R E A L T Y 
H U 17TH S T R E E T 
HONDO, TX. 
78861 
512-426-2412 
512-426-251o 
M E M B E R T F R A ________ 
12 A C R E S near Blanco, $8995, easy term s by owner 534-8876. 
471 A C R E S N E A R D IL L E Y 
W a te r, p a v e d ro a d s. T e rm s 
C O O K E R E A L T Y 923-2712_______ 
IOO Acres, Northwest of G arner 
Pk. Excellent hunting, (deer, tur­ key, and Javeiina.) $425. per ac 
5 % dow n, by ow n e r. 
C o ll 
]«2i £ M 5 8 between 
1oAM nd 
I uPAH!. 
351. acres northwest. Nice oaks, good hunting, good fences, sm all field. $26,5oo. 679 7413 
_______ 
7,76o A C R E S of I ' 2 nm. Frio River tront, 4 mi. east of U valde Bv 
Owner. 1-278-5466 

6 acres, Blanco area, high view, oak trees, spring $1ooo acre. Jim 
Ashley Real Estate 684-4276______ 
16 A C R E S C A M P S T A N L E Y 3 b d rm hom e. 2 bath, liv in g ro om w ith F P , d in in g room c o m b o , fam ily room , Saltillo tile a nd c a r ­ pet, beautiful oaks. W E ST R E A L - 
T Y 656 4494 $79,5oo._____________ 

L A R G E Y A R D - 4-2. hom e Near 
Lackland, all appliances, S23o mo. 
675-1691, 623-572o 
P O IN T E R R E A L E S A T A T E 

' j a cre on Canyon Lake. Fenced, landscaped, w ater system , elec­ tricity and septic tank, buy for sum m er! 
David 
Bam berger 
341-1o39. 
D O R IS H U N S IC K E R 344-9936 
Century 21 
R A Y T E A L, R E A C T O R S 

E A S T C E N T R A L A R E A 
46 acres beautiful b rick home, needs finishing, huge oak trees, good fences, workshop, see this- make offer. 
648-333oLG R IP P S RLTY.648-o44i 

 ulu nuuac— 
7o Acres 
2 wells, sandy land “To buy or sell call' 
226-8357 
342-9338 
344-9424 
Everything you've ever wanted! 3 bedroom, 2' a baths, living room, dining room , utility room, plus la rge den w ith fireplace, boat dock, sprinkler system, retaining wall, ond other extras too num er­ ous to mention. Call us for app t. 
O n ly $75,ooo 
J A N E P. H U D ­ 
G EN S, R E A L T O R 3o1 N. Austin, 
Seguin 379-2265 or 379-6776. 

2,ooo sq. It., custom beauty, pan­ o ra m ic view, heat-a-lator fire ­ place, air. Excellent cro ss ven­ tilation, beautiful e v e rg re e n s, den, 3-2-2. M ust see to appreciate. 
Priced to sell, all terms. 

M C C U L L O M . 4 bedroom , excel­ lent condition for under $17,ooo. 
Redecorated. No down VA 
H U G H E S & B R IS C O E 
924-4331 
R E A L T O R S 
333-9358 

Woods of Shavano, By Owner. 3-2, 
2 fireplaces, m any extras, 4527 
Cypress Woods 559,9oo. 492 1881 
33 o cre s near L e a k e y T e x a s • 
B e a u tifu l • R o u g h R u g g e d • 
Heavily Wooded Deep Canyons - 
L o ts of G am e . $3oo oo D w n • 
Owner financed E a sy Term s. A l­ so Large r and Sm aller A creage 
Available. Phone 512 - 257-5369 
Atter 6:oo P M ond weekends. 

Reol Estate 
227 Z A B R A, off Loop 41o W est 
3-t-cp. N ew P H A a p p r a is a l 
$15,75o. Paym ents less than rent. 
684-4211 P IO N E E R R E A L T Y 

Beautiful w a te rfro n t- e xciting view. Ultim ate in lu x u ry living. 
Over 2ooo sq ft with gam e room, fuel boat facilities (the best), 125 ft fishing pier. One of the finest homes on 
Lake 
L B J . $85,ooo. 
915-388 4o42 
BO B JO N E S, R E A L T O R S 

M E A D O W V IL L A G E Extra nice 
3-2-2 on cul-de-sac, fam ily room, patio, p riv a c y fence, ca rp e ts, heat- air. $28,7oo W ore Realty 
734-o193__________________________ 

Buy these 5 acre tracts while they last. P a v e d ro a d s, a p p ro v e d water system, garden type soil. 
344-6268 
341-6566 
923-5844 

BO B B IL L A R E A L E S T A T E 
534-88o8 
333-1468 
333 1764 
N E A R B IG M- 3 bedroom s, g a r­ age, no down VA, pym ts less than rent. 
696 742o S L A T E R R L T Y 344-o936 

R E P O S - T a ke o ve r p a ym e n ts 
T h e ir lo ss is y o u r g a in ! 1972 prices. Adjacent to Canyon Lake. 
Call M yron L. Maples, broker. 
342-18o8 

E a st Bexar Co., sm all tank, e x­ ce lle n t for h o r s e s a n d b ird hunting, utilities. 515oo acre Nites 
658-2o31. 
W E E K E N D S P E C IA L 
Lakeview cabin, furnished 
H urry! Priced at $5,5oo 
695-881) Watson & Son 1-751-233o 

$145 MO. 3 bedrooms, extra clean. 
53oo down to any Vet. 
696 742o S L A T E R R L T Y 684 6169 
Over 2 ac. for mobile or bldg, N E of S A. all utilities, 656-1589 
A F IR S T T IM E O F F E R . H ig h ­ lands. Freshly painted 3 bedroom. 
$16o mo. $75o move-in. Owner fin­ anced 
B E L L 
R E A L T O R S 
222-9495__________________________ 

C A N Y O N L A K E 
M O B IL E LO T 
1o,ooo sa. ft. fantastic view. Pool, boat ram p near by. $14oo, $1oo down, 78 mo. at $21.43 A P R 8%. 
M E L M IL L E R 
226-2324 

2-1-1, Near Pecan Valley, carpet­ ed, painted- inside and out, dish­ washer, reasonably priced 
534-3682________________________ 

Near P e n n e ys south. $35o down, mint condition 3-2-1, paym 5149 
828-4545 P P IA K O S R L IY 654-o975 
N IC E R T H A N N E W ' 3 bedroom, 
2 bath home on corner lot Central heat and air ond all appliances. 
V A paym ents can be a ssu m e d with low down payment. 674-5411 

O V E R 4 A C R E S ! B e a u tifu lly la n d sc ap e d , w ith a sp a c io u s, rock home with cedar trim. L iv ­ ing room 37x21...paneled fam ily room ond 3 bedroom s, 2 baths. 
B re a k fa st bar., b u r g la r b a rs! 
Long, covered deck! 2 barns too! 
M O N -F R I O P E N T IL 8P M 
$79,5oo. 
R E A L T O R S 
344-oo22 

13 Acres in Fentress on the Hwy fro m L u lin g to Sa n M a r c o s . 
536,ooo. 1-398 3374 Lockhart, Tx. 
Executive Homesite 
Large heavily wooded hom esite on c o rn e r. 
E x c lu s iv e a re a between Son Ped ro ond Blanco 
Rd. W ater, e le c tric ity , p a v e d ro a d s. C a ll C h a rle s B a ile y , 
497-3752 or eves 673-2552. 
494-3448, A N Y T IM E 

Guadalupe River North, Close in, neor Boerne. Two ocres, huge tre e s, all to p so il o n d g r a s s . 
Robert Smith, Broker. 698-2o61, eve 494-6777.____________________ 

A T T E N T IO N D E V E L O P E R S 
3 acre tract with oaks. Settled exclusive area, fine residences. 
M A C R E A L E S T A T E 828-2521 
Beautiful hillsid e country lot in large su b d ivisio n . 1.o44 acres, m inutes from Southw est T e xas 
M e d ica l C enter, U S A A , U T S A , 
Kelly A F B , Lackland A FB. Paved streets, city utilities. Call 492-9946 tor information. 
______ 
____ 

IO A C R E S just inside Com al Co. 
Elec, water and septic tank. On paved county rd $35,SOO 653-2883 
Spacious 2 bedroom hom e with central heat. Assum e low monthly paym ents of $113 with low, low equity. 
Vacant for quick occupancy. 
9 2 4-73 11 

No down payment lo anyone. 3 or 
4 bedroom s, 2 baths, som e with air and all appliances. Paym ents less than rent 
BO B D e P A O LO 
532-5251_______________ R E A L T O R 

B L A N C O - 35 a c r e s on s tro n g creek. Cabin, oak pasture, field. 
W E IR R E A L T Y (5)2) 833-4518. 
2 bedroom rustic cabin with fire­ place, e xce lle n t vie w of Lake. 
$18,ooo. A. Jones 497-3571. 
__ 
Just 14 mi. south of 41oS, 4 be­ droom, 3 bath, den with fireplace, sw im m ing, fishing ond hunting. 
J E R R Y 
B A C O N 
R E A L T O R 
I 742-3283. 622 3295, 622-3323 

NO D O W N A N Y O N E 3 4 be drooms. som e appliances. First payment July Hablam os Espanol 
222-9616TERRA R E A L T Y 2 4 H R S 

C A N Y O N L A K E 
This ideal 7ox1oo building lot with club, tennis court, sw im m in gp pool and boat landing priveledges con easily be yours. On a paved street, this lot slopes gently up­ ward. from front to back. Under 
$2ooo O w ner will finance with 
$5oo down. Nites 656-8218 
655-6848 
D A Y O R N IG H T 

P E R F E C T S E T T IN G for country club or country home, spacious ranch style home surround bv 43 beautiful acres and over 1,ooo ft. of crystal clear creek bordering the property. 
P E R F E C T 
F O R 
H O R S E 
O W N E R S, new stables, 15 acres of lush coastal berm uda, trees and 2 spring led ponds With hill­ side building site. All util. in. 

F A N T A ST IC V IE W from approx. 
5 ocres... located near Boerne, 
Tx.! Lovely rock 'n cedar home w ith 4 s p a c io u s b e d ro o m s, 3 baths, C e n tra l heat and air... living, dining and fam ily room s plus patio... 5 stall barn, tack room and chicken house! 
24 HR. T E L E P H O N E S E R V IC E 
$79,5oo. 
R E A L T O R S 
344-oo22 

6 a cre s K e rrv ille area, a cc e ss 
Highway 16. 119 acres, Bandera 
Co by owner (512) 342-179o. 

Just decorated on quiet street, 3 bedroom s, I large bath, fam ily kitchen, only $15,75o V A 824-4521, rates 674 o744 

R E A L T O R S S Centro! Ofc ll acres with approx 13oo ft. fron­ tage on IH IO East. Live oaks, elm, 
6" W aterline, flow ing sp rin g s, could be made into crystal clear lake. Nites 824-6574. 

N ice 2 bedroom , im m aculately 
Cleon, m a ste r b e d ro o m 
1o'aX23'a, lovely kitchen. 
337-6348.___________________ 

L a r g e tree c o v e re d lot, m a g ­ nificent view, paved streets, love­ ly homes on both sides. Electrici­ ty and telephone. Horses permit­ ted. Priced right. 
658-3535 Anytim e 

Anyone coil buy. Vets don't use their eligib ility. 3-4 b ed room s. 
Some with air and 2 baths, some w ith a ir a n d all a p p lia n c e s. 
Paym ents less than rent! 
BO B D e P A O LO 
532-5251_______________ R E A L T O R 
N O 
D O W N 
P A Y M E N T 
TO 
A N Y O N E - 3 bedroom s, fenced. 
$16o mo 
696-742o S L A T E R R L T Y 698 2116 

6 o cre s Luchenb ach. B eautiful lo a d in h e a rt of L u c h e n b a c h co u n try. $54o dow n p a ym e n t. 
$84 23 per mo. Owner financing for information and appointment. 
Call 734 9363 

O F F R I G S B Y 
3 b e d ro o m . 2 baths, fam ily room, wall to wall carpeting, covered patio- central heat-air. double garoge. Assum e o r re fin a n c e . C a ll a n y tim e . 
C H A R L E S W A T T S R E A L E S - 
T A IE 732-2918, 732-5355__________ 

Brand new custom built hom es 
Only 6 left, 3 bedrooms, 2 baths, fireplace, lot of extras. Central air-heat. M ust see to apprecate 
Southeast, 2 min. Brooks, and IH 
37. $27,ooo up V A, FHA, Conven- tional loans. 342-7286 anytime. 

6 acres, 2 mi from Canyon Lake, beautiful trees, no down. 567 66 mo. Jim Ashley Realty 226-7774 
R E A L T O R S 
1o5 Sounders, Boerne, Tx 
249-3526, 
249-284o, 
249-8266 
S.A. direct line 824-9112 

R E A LT O R S-R a n d o tp h Ofc 
IOO To 2oo Scenic acres on paved road near sub-division. Approx. 
25 mi. North off 281 overlooking large valley. Wild gam e plentiful. 
$1,2oo per acre, 25% dn. Ow ners will finance. 512-629-1134._________ 

F o r sale bv ow ner, 5.66 oc. on paved rd. 1-899-7984, 341-2983. 
O F F S. P R E S A . Nice 2 bedroom, attached g a ra g e . $75oo cash. 
923-4327, 924-1968 
Ronald Williamson 
O F F W W W H IT E R O A D ' On an extra large fenced lot. Very nice and spacious 2 bedroom, separate dining, large kitchen with eating area 517,ooo. See today. 494-7651 
A N Y T IM E 

NO E Q U IT Y ! A ss u m e 8 >i V A loan. Indian Creek 2-1-CP on cul- de-sac. Central heat-air, carpet­ ing, large yard. 
M ust sell!! 
6 2 3 - 5 3 2 o ______________________ 

Q uietly se clu d e d in W oodlaw n 
Hills. Build now or hold for in­ vestment. T erm s availaole. 53,8oo to $6ooo Pave d streets. All utili­ ties. N ear Schools and shopping. 
N ear B a n d e ra Rd. and Be n ru s 
Dr. For details call Louis Fiores, 
732-2241.______________ 

IO m inutes from C anyon D am , 
$695 per acre. Owner wilt ca rry note 
342-18o8. B IL L H U G H E S, 
B R O K E R .__________ 

Brand new. We doubt that anyone can find a hom e in this entire priced this low with com parable features. 3 bedroom s, 2 baths, carpet, ce n tra l heat, g a ra g e , 
VA-FH A. Call Olga 

ERA 
JACK MITCHELL 
532-31o7 Realtor 
673-o1o8 

2 acres, tree studded residential properly, all city utilities, 3 miles n o rth of 16o4, off S a n P e d ro . 
Horses allowed. 69o-95o2. 

SO U T H O F B O E R N E , l l A c re s with approx. 2oo ft. creek fro n ­ tage, beautiful building sites and huge oaks. 

Custom J-2-2 atop C anyon Lake 
Islan d . A ll elec, fa m ily -g a m e room with rock fireplace, 17x14 country kitchen. 25oo sq.ft. plus dbl gar. O ver 'a acre with lake view from e ve ry window. R e s­ tricted area. 
$75,ooo. 
Owner. 
1-512-935-2447___________ 

 ll acres, 45 minutes north, heavi­ ly wooded, scenic, next to large ran ch . L a r r y M a c u n e , G A L E 
R E A L 
E S T A T E , 
494-5239 or 
344-5761. 

2’ a ocres - $21oo. Repossession. 
M a ke up 5 back p aym ents and take over balance. L A K E C R O F T 
R E A L E S T A T E , 342-1661. 

B R IC K 3-2 in new condition on 2 large city lots, al! fenced. $38,5oo. 
A N D D E A N I E O W E N S CO. IS 
T H E P L A C E to list yo u r home. S e rv in g the 
Bellaire, H arlandale. K in g sb o r­ ough Ridge, Son Jose, W indy Hills orea. 
F O R F R E E H O M E M A R K E T 
A N A L Y S IS , C A L L OR C O M E B Y 
45o S.W. M ilitary Dr. 
924-7311 

Jefferson area, 5ox)65’, conven lent school, best otter, 433-226o 
Landm ork Realtors 
6o acres near Bandera, highway frontage, excellent hunting, eaui­ ty and assum e 7% note Montague 
Realty 796-4132, 796-4594. 
ROSOW i KLINE 
R E A LT Q R S-5 o Y ears of T R U S T 

M O D E R N R O C K 3-2-2 with 19x2o gam eroom , all located on 3 oak covered acres. $59,9oo 

L a rg e lot and 'a oft Thousan d 
Oaks Dr. $12,5oo. F IR M . 342-65o8 
3-2-2, 7 5% B rick , carpeted, se p a ­ r a t e d in in g ro o m , a ir-h e a t, covered breezeway, large lot with trees, plenty storage space, bar- goin at $28,9oo 333-8913__________ 

F IR S T T IM E O F F E R E D ! 
F o u r 15 a c re p a rc e ls. S o ld together or separately. $2ooo per acre, in 
San 
Antonio near 
Randolph. 

Residential homesite. I acre on 
Rice Rd. $65oo. H a s fence ond metal barn. 924-8116, 333-3429 
H Y A T T R E A L E S T A T E 
T E R R I F I C H O M E S I T E on a breezy hill n e a r B a n d e ra Rd. 
732-4296 or 532-75oo. Niles 432-7954 
P E T E C A N T U R E A L E S T A T E 

 iRS-5o Years of T R U ST 
IS A C R E S , E a st of Boerne with 
4ox7o metal barn, septic system and well. M an y large oaks. 

12 A C R E S near Blanca, $8995. easy term s by owner 534-8876. 
O F F W W W H IT E - C ozy doll- house. 3 b e d ro o m s, carp eted , garage, large yard. No down VA. 
Will trade 
696 742o S L A T E R R L T Y 349-9278 

B U D D Y H A V E YO U G O T $75o? 
We have a clean 3 bedroom in 
H ighlands. $16o mo Call today anytime. 
B E L L 
R E A L T O R S 
222-949$____________________ _ 
N e a r So m e rse t, lots of tre e s, 
R E A. electricity, Atascosa Co. 
Country living at its best Cecil 
O rrick 
Don Smith Broker 
735-8ooo 
4 + A C R E S N O R T H 
Corner, paved 2 sides, big trees 
828-o665 
736-1766 
734-4117 
W A TSO N & SO N R E A L T O R S 

1-249-8532 
S U N D A Y B Y A P P T O N L Y 
R E A L T O R S-S . Central Otc 
D e llcre st b ric k 3-2-2, gen den, central heat and air, corner. 
L E O N A R D - R E A L T O R S 
333-o64o__________________ 661-3322 
• • D E L L C R E S T •• 
F ir s t T im e on M a r k e t ! 
Im ­ m aculate. all brick, 2 bedroom home Builtin stove-oven, double garage, central heat-air, la n d s­ caped yard. 
Santex Co., Realtors 653-o46o 

F o r L e a se 25o a c re s. W est of 
Jourdanton, for dove, quail and d u c k. 
F o r in fo rm a tio n c a ll 
769-3367 (512) after 7 p m _________ 

Palm Hgts. 3 bedroom, I both 2 carport 1245 sa.ft of fully c a r­ peted living area. Corner lot. City bus I blk. $23,ooo. R E Y E S R E A L - 
TY 656-6493.______________________ 

B y $1ooo O w ner sa y s sell this week. 2 bedrooms, spic 'n span, with a brand new 2 cor garage 
5215 Clark. 

BO ERN E-23oo SO 
FT. 
B R IC K 
H O M E 
On 2 acres, I mi. west of Boerne 
B O E R N E 
R A N C H 
R E A L T Y 
2 2 4 - 7 1 7 1 ________________ 

B U L V E R D E E S T A T E S 
2 tracts. 
6.8o acres, 
$35oo per acre, 
494-5183. 

6ox13# lot G lasgov. Near SE M ili­ tary and IH 37 S. $2ooo. 924-8116, 
732-2666 
H Y A T T R E A L E S T A T E 
BO B B IL L A R E A L E S T A T E 
534-88o8 
333-1468 
333-1764 
This 2 bedroom home is located near M cCreless and is so neat and cute, you'll know in a minute if s a great buy at only $12,5oo Call Ann 

ERA 
JACK MITCHELl 
532-31o7 Realtor 
648-33o7 

Southeast near C a la vare s Lake, name your term s We w ill con sider ail otters. A sking $2975. La- kecroft. Inc. 927-7441 
__ 

U N D E R 
A P P R A I S A L 
O n ly 
$18,1oo for N IC E 3 bedroom home. 
A L L N E W C A R P E T T H R O U G H ­ 
O U T ! Only one block from P O O L! 
N ear Lacklan d -K e lly. V A -F H A . 
328-6343, nites 341-o416 

On Blanco Rd across trom CCCC. 
High oak covered land. By owner. 
WH M A Y E R R E A L T Y 494-3644 
5 acres on spring fed creek $675 down paym ent $1o5.29 per mo. 
O w n e r will finance. B ig trees. 
Beautiful view s. Coll tor m ore information. 734-9598_____________ 

A 271 A cre farm 2o min N E of 
S A. G ood house, tank, water. 
Priced for im m ediate sale. 
D E V A U L T & A SSO C 349-2677 
Property M q rketing-Exchcnge 

G E O R G E O U S W A T E R 
IOO Acres scenic country, strong live creek, concrete dom . Hw y frontage, 17 M i. NW . 695-3193, 
Howard Reol Estate. 
(_________ 

59 acres peanuts, nice home, ir­ rigation, equipment. 
Owner financed. 
With big old home on back of 1.962 acres fronting Bandera Rd near 
Helotes. Big front porch and fire­ place, w a te r w ell. C lo s e to 
Ranchtown home developement 
Selling for $35,ooo. lust appraised at $36,ooo. Price fiiTn now, Coll 
G ary Ellison, 684 7898 
_________W A TT S CO. 

F U L L Y C A R P E T E D 3 bedroom. 
2'a bath home with L A R G E living room, W IN D O W G U A R D S , BBG . 
N IC E C O R N E R L O T ! $29,9oo. 
828-6343. rates 656 ooo7 

IH I AC H U N N U M b ik foe FAST R I S U I 75 
P I A O T O U R W A N T A D 
IN T H I E X P R E SS N E W S 
C A II 2 2 5 - 1 6 6 6 

About 14oo acres, Bandera Co., a lake, springs, cabin, great hunt­ ing and fishing, under S4oo per acre, term s. R A N C H M A R K E T 
(512) 824-o156- 

O N A W A N T A O 
THE N U M B E R TO C A I I 
IS 2 2 5 - 1 6 6 6 
E X P R E S S A N D N E W S 

FO R FA5T R E S U IT S 
PLACE T O U R W A N T A D 
IN THE E X P R E S S N E W S 
C A U 225 1666 

G reat hunting, sm all cabin with water. Owner financed.SIM M O NS 
R E A L E S T A T E , Poteet 
1-742-3368___________ S A. 342-4o53 

2o A C R E S - on West Texas Terlin gua Ranch. $28oo. Will fake boat in trade. 826-3562. 
In f i l l Associates 

WESTCHESTER APTS 

EFFICIENCY 
I 2 3 UNITS 

F R O M S I 6 o 

M O — 
B I U S P A I D 
, 

 ll 11 AUSTIN HWY, 
828-11o5 
A M A C M A N A C I D 
PROPHET ¥ 

>S-NEWS Bl 
TEXAS SIZE 

^ 
1 
5 
. 1 
6 
6 
6 
QUICK RESULTS! 

NON COMMERCIAL! 
CANCELLABLE 
WITHOUT 
RATE CHANG! 

LINES 

DAYS 

San Antonio E X P R E SS-N E W S— Sunday M a y 15 1977 

R E N T A L S 
27 ACRIS, N I with modern 3- 
2 home and I older home with IH-3S frontoqe. 

165 ACRES with mony large oaks and pecan trees, nearly 
’'7 mite 
Guadalupe 
River frontage. Home and many other improvements on ran ch, 
17o ACRES near New Braun­ fels with oil utilities available. 
Mostly oil im­ proved posture. 
$75o per acre. 
254 
ACRE form with oil utilities available and on paved road. 
Live creek through property. $65o per acre. 

GUY THOMPSON 

REAL ESTATE 
1o3A la Plata Bldg., 
Seguin, Tx. 
658-8444 
Eve. 1-379-7582 

ON 
T H E 
B A N K 
OF 
THE 
B E A U T IF U L 
SA N A N T O N IO W IV ER 
M O R R IS D O W N TO W N A P T S 
A P R E S T IG E A D D R E S S 
Elb e.I bdm J bdrm cen! air boat. 
178 E M ain Plato 727 788o 

! Large cedar cabin on 7.* acres. 
J Secluded location 7 m iles from 
I Boerne at end of county road Out 
' of town owner wants to sell this 
I week 

N O W LEASING 
N O R T M S ID E O F F IC E S , 
W A R E H O U S E , 
A N D IN D U S T R IA L S P A C E . 
P R IM E L O C A T IO N S 

C A L L S T E V E M IL L E R 
6 9 o - o 3 o o 

2,45o ACRES 
SEE 
SA N A N T O N IO 'S 
M OST SECURE 
APARTMENT CO M PLEX 

PAN A M A P A R T M E N T S 
5*o2 B IE N V IL L E D R off Weidner rd Modern I Bedroom , *53-76*3. 
CARAVELLE 
APARTMENTS 
4848 C O IA )H E L O 

F u r n i t 'h e d o r I n I n r n i t - h e i l 

1 - 2 - 3 B E D 
R 
O 
O 
M 
Single end Family sections, All bills pd. Light­ ed Swimming pools, party r >om, 5 Min. 
Windsor 
Park 
Moll. 
15 
Min heart of downtown San Antonio. 

6 6 1 -6 6 6 o 
Off III Ck On Hit I inurn 

Clift Lewis, Realtor 
B oerne 2*9-2o*1 
S.A 224 7)7) 
What type Ranch do you w ant5 
R A N C H M A R K E T 226 5184 
RT 3 Box 221, San Antonio, 78218 
W IL SO N C O U N T Y 
IOO AC. near L a v e rn e Im proved 
JO E V A J PO S I 512-78o 2225 

R O O M M A T E needed to sh o re apartment 344-151*. 
________ 
3 Room i and both *75 W ater pa 
Oft 4oo blk F re d e ric k sb u ro Rd 
Key at tJ7 University 734 663o 
SA C A R E A , efficiency, singles 
SOS. bills od 1oo2 W M Annona 
344 84o2 ________________________ 

The 
Q ■angle Apts. 

9 1 IO Broadway 
Plum e 
S 2 S 

The C F M. Corp 
4 th l i.Mon af I if it nutty >V f p w '. 

Snorm a o 3 bedroom apartm ent at the Boardw alk is easy on the wallet, lust 5 U o e a ih 
You tan divide your time am end the pool, club loom and laund ry We are also close lo Central P o lk and 
W onderland 5- Discount to per sons 55 yrs or older 
3536 West Avenue 149-42o1 
B arry GiUinqwoter Co 

3>l A C R E S R E A S O N A B L E ! 
Ideal tor m ony uses, close in, $148 
Blonco Rd 227-7857 
AN E X C E L L E N T LO C A T IO N 
2327 Vance Jackson Rd Available soon. Sp o ce for b e a u ty shop, florist or other. 1,ooo sa ft. *275 mo. 735-oo*1 m 
1717 

Investors! 
I Atte or better, on Nogalitos St 
Good location for shopping center 
• Dr’s office, etc. Nites 494-1832 

FOR SALE! 
Several apartments to choose from 1o-25, or more. Northside or Southside 
Call for details. 
Nites, 494 1832 

Grocery Stores 
One in operation with living quarters. Others fully equipped, ready to go Both hove rental in­ come Nites, 735 4128. 
349-4343 

Sm all t bedroom house in rear, 
» hills pd *125 135 o665___________ 
B U SY L O C A T IO N S 
722 W Hildebrand Approx. I OOO sq.ft. *275 mo. 1233 Basse Office or small business. 6oo sa tt *135 mo 735-o96) 
SOUTHWEST OF PLEASANTON 
423 acre irrigated 
Coastal 
Bermuda farm 
Mony barns, sheds, pens, etc. large Carrizo ic- nqation well with pump, engine, pipe and trailers All minerals, '? royalty Immediate possession. 
Price $7oo per acre 
WEST Of CHARLOTTE 
S2 acres fronting county road, all in toostal Bermuda, barns, pens, good fenced. I water well, oil pro auction of about S85o per year. 
Immediate possession 
PRICED 54o,ooo 
HAVERLAH REAL ESTATE 
Cornar Highway 281 & 
Goodwin St, 
Pleasanton Texas 
Telephone 
San Antonio: 
626-2111 
Pleasanton: 
569-2527 

Large t and 2 Bedroom s 
F R O M *14o (U N F U R N *122.5o* 
116 V A N D E R H E I 826 736V 
O F F 64oo N. N E W B R A U N F E L S 
KARNES COUNTY 
FARM 
Northeast — Live Oak Co all brush, minerals, road frontage S425 per acre. 
BABCOCK VILLA APTS. 

3 o 1 9 F r e d e r ic k s b u r g R o a d 

EFFICIENCIES, I, 2, 3 BEDROOM 
APTS. Convenient living at moderate prices ranging from $155. to $365. 
Fully equipped. 
2 
Pools, 
Tennis 
Courts. FURN. OR UNFURN. RATES. 

2-Story F re e -sta n d in g b u ild in g with excellen t p a rk in g M onte 
Vista Historic Area. Um aue with lots of charm Prim e corner N N N 
Lease, zoned for office 
824-371o 

424.5 Acres, nine miles west of Kam es City, six last lash­ ings facing South on state 
Highway 
99 good farm home, well and im­ provements, extra well in field and small house for farm labor. Not leased for oil or gas and never leased for uranium although the big boys are stilt after it. Price 
$975 per acre cash. 
B.A. 
Johnson, 696-o563. 

East of W 1 it nil brush, minerals. road frontage electricity and water available. $45o per acre. 
5o ACRES 
Near Kennedy, cultivated, fenced, water well and some trees 
Ex­ cellent weekend retreat $625 per ii ere 
25o ACRES 
Medina County — Sontn rd Bon dera Secluded with good access, ex cellent hunting ranch and weekend retreat Private road easement to 
Medina take flexible terms Call 
Gary Roberts 
VESTRAND 
Lf 51 2) 854-1o15 J 

QUAIL CREEK VILLAGE 

* 1 8 o U P 

2526 NE LOOP 41o 

35o3 N O R T H P A N A M 
223 1218 
_________ M O N F R I 9-4 
Terrell Hills, secluded cottage fireplace rat 5135 826 148o 
BEANIE 
OWENS CO 
REALTORS— MLS 

Blanco Rd. Oft. 

FO R L E A S E 
15oo sq.ft mechcrn ic a l sh o p o r w a re h o u se w ith p a rkin g and fenced y a rd in M 
Zone *35o mo. plus utilities. Carl- ton Hogelstern, Jr 223-6331.______ 
T H E K I N G S T O N A P T S . 
22o2 V A N C E JA C K S O N 
________ 342 9) 13, 826 I5V4________ 
The Westchester Apts are IS min utes from Randolph!_____________ 

For lease, SOOD sq.ft. warehouse, with 5oo sq.ft. of Office space, IH35 and Lanark, across from W indsor 
Pork Mall, UC per sq ft 341 3378 
Exit a t S ta rc re st 
C O M A L CO U N TY 
HILL COUNTRY RANCH 

4 8 5 oak studded acres 
3 5 mi 
N orth of Son A n ­ tonio near C a n yo n Lake. 
Spring fed tank, creek, deer, cleared of most cedar. 
N e a rly 
I mile county road frontage. 
S 8 5 o per acre 
FLYING R REALTY 
I - 4 3 8 - 7 4 2 9 
E v e s 1 - 8 9 9 - 2 7 9 3 

18oo i f carpeted offices, sm all warehouse, 
15o 
W. 
Rhapsody. 
349-624! 
^ DOWNTOWN COMMERCE ST ' N 
Fronts on 2 streets Heavy traffic count, zoned o AND K" Building 
54oo sq ft Paved parking for SO cars 
Includes 
2 rental homes 
Owner may carry 
NW SAN ANTONIO 
Double sized lot Zoned "C 
Traffic count 26,o9o — 24 hours 
Eusy terms 

BOB MCGINNIS 
REALTORS M y g j 
349-6211 

3222 N.W LO O P 41o 342 4o29 
W estchester Apts are lust What you’re looking tori______ 
Garage 12oo sq.ft + yd 5135, 1614 
S. Presa 433 /283, 436 o923 
Large coiner retail store, carpet ed, 18oo Fred ericksb urg Rd. *315. 
344-o246, 342 Uo84________________ 
FURNISHED 

APARTMENTS 
Marshall 
Meadows 

 or over pay 
W IL S H IR E A P T S 
Block ol Ft sam North Gate 
826 4169, 876 1S?4________ 
W. Poplar, oft N Flores buses."’) room p riv kitch e n , en tran ce , bath, newly painted, 2 ladies prof. 
2274)858. 
____ 
___ __ 

LO O P 41o AT B A N D E R A 
W A R E H O U S E S O F F IC E S S T O K E 
3743 C O LO N Y D R AT IH IO 
!H 35 N O R T H AT W E ID N E R RO 
F R E IL IN G 341 3159 342 7134 

66.8 ACRES KERRVILLE AREA 

Spring fed lake, stocked. I 2 mile 
State Hwy frontage Half cleared, rest wooded Oaks, cherry, walnut and Juniper, flats, hills and broad canyons Accessible, yet remote 
New fencing 12 miles to River Hill 
Country Club 5o miles to San An tomo, $125o per ocre. Owner finance 
Center Point, 
1-634-7193 

T IM E ’S A ’W A ST IN ’! 
F R O M 
O F F IC E W A R E H O U S E 
NS, 2 mi. north Loop 41o, close to airport, 1188 sq, ft., 1348 sq. ft. 
Astro Investments Co. 344 8388. 
N E W H O M E S IN 
N O R T H W E ST S A N 
A N T O N IO 
C O M IN G S O O N 

ANOTHER FINE 
RAY ELLISON 
COMMUNITY 

6 8 1 - 3 o 2 o 

814 
Russell, I bedroom , *125 mo r mils. W 6542, 224 6)82 
7oo ft. along center of creek form s one property line. M anv large live oak trees. Sm all field One mile west of (HIO Northwest of Boerne. 
52ooo.oo per acre. 

F R E E 
C A T A L O G F a r m s , 
R a n ch e s. R e c re a tio n a l L a n d , 
Acreage. Plenty good water mild 
Winters, low taxes. Write 
Land 
Mart, Box 242o, Little Rock, Ark. 
722o3. 

N O R T H E A S T , insid e LOOP 41o near R ittm an Rd. Excellent loca­ tion. Suited to beauty shop office space, re sta u ra n t or cleaner. 
828-6343, eves 653-9596 

• Monthly 
AVAILABLE 

Choice 

Selection 

Beautiful 

Apartments 
LA 
ARBOLEDA 

2167 NE LOOP 41o 

Exit at Starcrest 

6 5 5 - 9 1 o 1 

» * i ! Hjw m pf 

» 
» 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 

LA PLAZA 
341-4621 

* I 2 3 Bedroom s 
* Single and Family 
Sections 
* Fireplaces 
Tennis 

115 HW LOOP 41o 
Across From 
North Star Mall 

VS I M M i l t I * L U K M X I I, 
N O IL f H I V S I St I I O O L S l l K M 'x l l l D O I I 
I N I T H M S I I I - It 
I* V II* I T I U T I K S 
I ’M IN L I E I* v n o s 
I ’O O I S 2C I* VIL T V IH M IM 

I It.'to Hits B u n O r i u 
658 *7 3 o o 

Near Lackland. Excellently suit ed tor a p a rtm e n ts. C a ll W B. 
Kieffer 341-9191 
Cliff Lewis, Realtor 
B oerne 249-2o61 
S A 224-7171 
17 acres plus near Pipe Creek, rock home and well house, 24o it well, fenced, excellent soil, tim ­ bered. Asking *6o.ooo 
4 acres plus scenic near Burgh- ism , tim ber, excellent building site, good soil. Asking *6ooo. 
6 A C R E S *55,ooo 
26 A C R E S 59oo to 595o per acre. 
Y o u r c h o ic e in H ill C o u n try , timber, good soil, ve ry scenic! homesites. Don’t tail to see. Call 
H arris Finley. Flo 512-324-2392 or 
M ary M organ 732-5o17 SA 

N O L E A S ! 

TENNIS COURT 

ADULT LIVING— NO PETS 

WARRAN HOUSE 

3 2 2 2 N W . L o o p 4 1 o intersection of Dowhurit and octet* rood 41o" 

3 4 2 -4 o 2 9 

G A R D E N R ID G E A R E A 
IO beautiful acres fronting back paved road with well and pump. 
Fenced and tank. Term s negotia­ ble. 
J.M. 
Cullman 
344-2341, 
341-5o45 
BOB JO N E S, R E A L T O R 

Small retai! store, 1832 Bianco Rd 
59o. 344-o246, 342-oo83. 
’ V inos, ie 
»*e« MXH 

 uslnmauh 

12oo SQ F T m etal bldq la rg e overhead door, NW, in Leon Vat- ley. 515o mo. 733-7457____________ 

63' ? acres in peanut allotm ent, south of town, Call today, nites 
735-4128. 
349-4343 Anytim e 

 a m i n c e — 
Zoned B-2 
Today's best buy, call 
226-8357 
342-9338 
344-9424 
Gonzales Co 58o acres on the Son 
M arcos River, owner financed. 
D E V A U L T & A SSO C 349-2677 
Property M arketing-Exchange 

U N IV E R S A L C IT Y 
R e tail lo ca tio n in e sta b lish e d shopping center, 1,4oo sq. ti. Jack 
Aller 342-4151 
$ o U T H U ( p H * V I L L A 
' O'*- A WA WY M I N T * w 
A 
Real Estate 
o 7o A C -S O U T H E A S T 
Approx. o.7o ac, located on the 
South side of US Hwy IS I between 
Kilowatt and A tkins-Elm end orff 
R ds., a c r o s s fro m C a la v e r a s 
Lake 7.25 nm S E. from Loop 41o 
Tile bldg containing approx. 3,8oo sq.ft.. now being used as a lounge 
3 sm all m asonry houses, water well and several types of trees. 
Good location for various types of businesses. 

R E A L T O R S -Blanco Rd Ofc 
W arehouse, approxim ately 3856 sa.ft., lower floor OI 14o Fre d e r­ icksburg 
Rd 
5275 
344-o246, 
342-oo84. 

On crest of hill in this Casa with 
S W IM M IN G P O O L , 2 B A T H S , powder room, 2 F IR E P L A C E S , fabulous V IE W . Perfect tor wee­ kends. A ny n u m b e r can play. 
Rock and redwood 

5oo plus a c re s in M e d in a and 
Blanco County Excellent gam e and grazing Other ranches and farm s available. 
R E A L T O R S 
824-6351 
S T E R L IN G B U R K E 

• Mixed Dunk dub 
I antilles 

• Gym und (tee (serene 
(losses j 

• Beauty Shop 
. 

• Souno Whiilpoof 
• tennis Louies 3 pools j 

• Dost tiee ittfngeiotoisf 

• IO M inu tes to 
Downtown 

BELKNAP 

A R M S 
3o7 W. MISTLETOE 
735-4891 

1 B E D R O O M 
$215 

2 BEDROO M 

Tow nhouses 
$3o5 Up 

Utilities 
Paid. 
All un­ furnished. Pool. Laundry 
Carports. 
Convenient to dow ntow n, 
Trinity and 

S A C . 

3.9 A C R E S , So u th B e x a r Co. 
3-Bedroom, 2-bafh brick home. All electric, lots of extras, orchard, 
Hydroponic green house 26'X132' 
Sam Campbell, 656-7667._________ 
8.ooo sq. ft. new m asonry building for sale, near expressw ay, easy terms for strong buyer. 
9.ooo sa. ft., M asonry building for lease, month to month or long term. 
4,5oo sq. ti. for lease 
P E A C O C K R E A L T O R S , 824 o51 1 

125 86 A C R E S 
So u th of D e v i n e - w i t h a ll brick home, 3 bedroom s, 2 b a th s , f i r e p l a c e , den, fenced. This home h a s it all! 
Situated on high hill o v e r ­ looking Country side. Deer- fishing tank-quail and etc. 
Beautiful place. 
Attention Co m m u to rs 
W e h a v e m a n y 4-2-2 a n d 
3-2-2 hom es in W e d ge w o o d 
Estates. I block from golf co u rse. $32,5oo to $42,5oo with financing available. 

P O Box 58o, Boerne, Tx, 78oo6 
(512) 249-2116 Of 537-44o7 
I & 2 Bedroom 
Apt*. 
P R E S T IG IO U S private office and facilities for independant R eal 
Estate broker, c o m m e rc ia l or farm and ranch. 349-2677 f f l S e l e r t o r 
W e’ll find yours, free. 

O M N 7 PAY* A W MK 
I a m e n t throo q m out t i * * * I 
3121 H AM. lo o p 41o ] 
3 4 9 -1 7 3 7 

DIBtCT COW EM PONDBNCf IO 
4131 N. C M TB AL tXFWV. 
DALLAS, IU . 7 M o * 

6o tree covered acres, coastal, 2 stocked tanks, pens, barn, excel­ lent fencing, plus nice home with fireplace, for 57o,ooo 

3oo-3o8 VV. Josephine St. 2 bldgs 
Approx. 6,ooo and 4,ooo sq.tt Of­ fices, w areh ouse or retail. Will lease all or part. Coll 822-9529 
FURN.* UNFURN, 

Family & Adult Sections 

2 Pools & Playground 

R e n ta ls sta rtin g at 
$185 
In clu d in g U tilities 

PAINTERS MILL 
52oo BLANCO 
3 4 9 -2 2 2 2 

A U ST IN H W Y 
34o on Austin Hwy. 18,ooo sqft total Now re sid e n tia l— will sell subiect to rezoning. 
552,5oo. 
655-7713 
T A N G L E W O O D R E A L T Y 

4o32 E. Southerns* 
337-5242 

P R E T T Y L A K E , on this 3o acres just off Hwy 16. M any trees and lovely view. $5o,ooo. 
P IP E C R E E K R E A T L Y 695 3242 
1822 W O LM O S, zoned B J, rear building, fenced lot, plenty p a rk­ ing, *2oo. 69o-oo86. 
____ 
Q uie* a n d p e a c e fu l h ills 
9o 
A C R E S, no cedar, good hunting, county rood. Nice rock cabin with fireplace. M a rsc h a il & Skipper. 
Harper, Tx. 1-864-45oo or local 
824-8255. ______ 
_____ 

H IL L C O U N T R Y R A N C H 
Tree covered, rolling green hills and meadows, 37o acres or less. 
38 miles north of San Antonio. *745 per acre. Call owner B J. B a rn ­ hart, 1-251 41 72 or 1-251-4634. 
Principals only.__________________ 

Can arrange to move 4 insulated wooden office bldgs. Have central air-b eat, re st ro o m s, s e c u rity w indow s B L D G S S IZ E S : 1464, 
1339, 1253, 18oo sq It 
349 I ll I 8-5 PM -M r. Sptelan 

IN D U S T R IA L LO TS ~ Acre and up, Zoned l-l; fully developed 
V I P. Park. E a sy term s 433 1489 
Devine, Texas 
1-663-4558 
97 acres 4 miles west of Devine on paved road, large oaks stand in the 5 coastal pastures, good well, house, and born complete the set­ ting. David Bom berger 341-1o39. 
D O R IS H U N S IC K E R 344-9936 

715 Acres IO mi. Leakey Texas on 
Hwy 337. Beautiful 8 room native rock home, 4 bedrooms, 2 baths, large fireplace. On West Sabinal 
R iv e r. B a r n s , c y p r e s s , o a k , pecan. 524o,ooo, good terms. Call owner. 1-991-8727, 1-991 -4858. 

ADULT LIVING 

TNT DOOR LUS S2KVKE 

2-BEDRooM, $2o5. 

Z O N E D B l, 73oo Blonco Rd 
655-2)o3 or 342-7o93 
13 A C R E S -T E X A S V E T 
Big trees-gume 
IO mi south of Loop 41o 
227-o227W A TSO N & SON628-1262 
N O W L E A S IN G 
OFFICE WAREHOUSES 
25o SPENCER LANE 
(Wonderland Area) 
3 D ifferent Rates: 
* 
Month To Month $25o 
Pet Mo. 
A 
6 Months $235 Per Mo. 
★ 
I Year at $235 Per Mo. 
+ 13th Mo. FREE 
735-16o9 
828-5551 

A p a rtm e n t: 

T h e 
Co u rtyard / 

2 & 3 Bedrm. 
Apt*. 
All Hat:tit Kitchens. 

Outside Storage N S Schools 

-v_ 
44ll Gardendale 
EJ 
6 9 6 -4 8 9 2 

 to A C R E S West Of 16o4. Excellent soil. IS yr. ow ner finance. Coll 
349 261 1. eve. 341-1855____________ 

B E S T 
L O C A T IO N fo r strip center, office building, etc. I to 2o ocres adjacent to new Regional 
Shopping M ail on NW Loop 41o. 
Investor prices-terms. 
• 
• 
D U P L E X LO T, priced right for auick sale. Established neighbor­ hood, near NW side. 
» 
• 
A P T SIT E , 4.5 acres best price, best terms, super location. 

2 R A N C H E S IN N O R T H W IL SO N 
C O U N TY. Lots of gam e 2o1 acres and 496 acres, both under *6oo an acre. For free brochure contact 
S T R O Z IE R , K IE L . T A Y L O R 1oo1 
W 
Court, 
Seguin 
78155, 
512-379-o87o 

6 5 3 - 7 3 o o 
Hill cou n try-K e rrville area. 25o ocres. Partly gam e proof fenced. 
W ould m a k e e x c e lle n t e x o tic gam e ranch. Will stock and m an­ age for you. Excellent white tail deer hunting *175,ooo. W ill fin- ance. 1-866-3471 
H IL L 
C O U N T R Y 
N E A R 
K E R R V IL L E 
4 bedroom, 2 bath, lodge, tennis cou rt. O n 25 a c r e s o r m o re . 
5Ioo,ooo 1-866-3471________________ 

POOL, UTILITIES PD. CLOSE TO 
SHOPPING CENTER AND POST 

OFFICE 
T H E 
HABITAT 
3 8 1 5 W IS T AVE. 
3 4 4 -7 7 2 o 

 a p a r t m e n t s leasing Daily 9-6; Sunday 
1-6 
1 B e d ro o m $1 5o 
2 B e d ro o m $ 2 2 o 
F U R N .-U N F U R N . 
Al! 
Utilities 
Paid targe playgrounds, 
Basketball 
Goal, 
Shuffle board, 
Lighted tennis court, 3 large swimming pools 
Neui Brooks A F B. State Hospital, 
Pecan Valley Golf Course. 
T ru ly th e b e s t r e n t a l v a lu e in t o w n . 
2715 Lasses 
333-5339 

Porn. or Unfurn. Near Downtown, luxury apt 2-Bedrooms, 2-Baths, inquire, 532-4115 or after 6:3o Bm, 
655 2852__________________________ 
F u h N -U N F U R N : U tilitie s pd, shag , I pools, *185 U P Painters 
Mill 52oo Blanco. 349-2222________ 

— R A N C H L A N D S — - 
Land For All Purposes 
No. I Flintstone, 78213 
344 9936 

A picturesque Hill Country tract located North of S.A. Owner m ust sell im m ediately, in q u ire now, 
Larry Macune, G A L E R E A L E S ­ 
TATE, 
494-5239 or 
344-5761., nights. 
_ 
Atascosa Co. 6o acres on the hwy. 
Big trees, good soil, low taxes. 
Electricity and telephone availa hie. Beautiful homesite. *55o. Per ac. 512-643 5519 _______________ __ 

O A C R E S in excellent NW neip- b o rh o o d , c o n v e n ie n t to M e d . 
Sch o o l, id e a l fo r c u sto m hom e,'Build To Suit” .Reduced 
824-371o 

H O U R 
N O R T H 
O F 
SA N 
A N T O N IO 
94o acres, live creek, ranch or sub-divide. 
C O O K E 
R E A L T Y 
923-2712 _____________ __ 

New 3 bedroom, 2 bath rock home with large den and fireplace Over 
5 acres of land. Access to river to fish, swim, or boat 556,ooo.oo total price. 

S P A C IO U S R O O M S O N F A I R ­ 
W A Y S O F P E C A N V A L L E Y 
G O LF 
C O U R S E 
Pool, 
Club included. 
1 B E D R O O M , F R O M *184. 
2 B E D R O O M , F R O M 1234 
3 B E D R O O M , F R O M *239 

P R E S T IG IO U S O F F IC E S P A C E 
In grow ing N.W. sector. Reasona­ ble rates. Greater S.A. Butlers 
Assoc. 
8975 N.W. IH-1o. 696-38oo._________ 

C a r lt o n , 
A rm * let us find your*— 
24 Hr. 
’OWNHOUSI-AI'ARIMfNT 
L O C A T O R S 
82 8 o681 
•RH— Nu charge to you 
Tim P,of#ii»/onnl» rn apl. lot ating. 

B E A U T IF U L B L D G S IT E 
IS min. south-2oo ocres good farm land 
227-o227 W A TSO N & SON 628-1262 
B L A N C O T E X A S - A p p ro x 
5o acre s with creek, pecan trees, and good soil. Priced to sell. 
227-1333 

IF you own property anv where, w here you ca n 't afford to sell because of capitol gain tax, but you would like to exchan ge for something else......................... 
Perhaps we can help you. 
D E V A U L T S ASSO C 349-2677 
Property M arketing-Exchange 

ONE EL EE EN 
APARTMENTS 
1 B e d ro o m 
$ 1 7 3 

2 B e d ro o m 
$ 1 9 4 

N e w ly deetirated. 

111 Dot Drive 

2 Com m ercial lots, Austin Hwy, near 16oq After 5pm 684-2233 
Q u ie t H o m e 
Style Livin g 

{Hit to 3 bdim townhouses with fireplaces 12 Hoot plans Adult & family Areos 

6 6 2 3 C a lla g h a n Rd. 
6 9 6 -3 2 9 o 

Cliff Lewis, Reattor 
Boerne 249-2o61 
S A. 224-7)71 
Commercial lots, all sizes, up to 34 acres. 
734 5434 C P.K O S U B 342-o343 
D U P L E X , 1911 P a n Am H w y 
5)6,95o Close to Ft. 
Sam ond 
Brdwy._________________________ 

H a n d so m e g a rd e n o ffice s fo r creative minds. Informal, reason­ ably priced. Convenient at 1938 
N E Loop 41o. Le asin g 326 3251. 
Henry S M iller Co. R E A L T O R S . 
35 Cents per ft includes utilities. 
Near Med Center NW. Carpeted. 
2o8 a n d 6oo sa ft. C a ll R u s s 
Stevens, R E A L T O R 699-1133 

345o E. S O U T H C R O SS 
333-9o2o 
AO A C R E S. I mile river front, na­ tive pecan o rch a rd . E x c e lle n t fishing, lots of deer, turkey, and sauirrel, T ru ly a “ sp o rtsm a n ’s paradise” ! Terms. 

JU N C T IO N R A N C H E S 
613 A cre s. G ood b a rn s, fram e house, pipe co rra ls, good well fronting on pavement, I mile off 
IH IO. No cedar, will sell V L B to 5 vets $295 acre 
486 Acres I mile Llano R iver, I houses, qas well, 125 acres field. 
*6oo an acre. 
A Z T E C RF. A L T Y 
512 454 o3o7___________ 

Join our com m unity w here all ages share the good life. Relax in the pool or loin your friends in the 
C lu b h o u se . V e n tu re o v e r to neat by Central Pork or W onder­ land The Boardwalk offers 2 and 
3 bedroom apartm ents tram *245. 
S^o discount to persons 55 years or older. 
35J6 West Avenue 349-42o3 
B a rry Gilllngwater Co. 
Large redecorated 2 bedroom, 2 bam apt Exquisitely turn in an­ tique*. Close SAC, cony. Ft Sam. 
*275. All bills pd. 341 6143 or 
824 5724 _________________ _ 

APTS. F U R N IS H E D 
E x x o n se rvice station, vacont, cheap, by owner, 
828-4452, 
826-519o________ _________ 
IhdLnitjuL 

Reattors-Form & Ranch 
B U Y E Q U lT Y n A ssum e loan on . 
IOO acres, Atascosa Co. Hunting cabin, deer, quoit, dove and 3 1 good fishing tanks, good stables and pens. L o ts of C o a sta l and good fences. 
H U G H E S & B R IS C O E 
924 4331 
R E A L T O R S 
675 o696 
Bv owner, 183 acres brush laneL good hunting, Atascosa Co. near 
Campbellton, S6oo acre with all m ineral rights. After 5pm ond weekends, 534-19o3._____________ 
B Y O W N ER , 25o acres in D u v d jf1 
County. 681 1o84 
B Y O W N E R - 64o acres with im- provem ents. 3 bed room home, pens, fences, 2 wells plus an ir­ rig a tio n sy ste m . 9o a c r e s of cleared land, s p rin g fed tank. 
D ear, turkey quail, dove. Located in McCullough Co. with a view of the San Saba River. Priced to sell. 
*45o acre. Clifford Grubbs, Brady, 
Tx 1-915-597-2138________________ 
D IM M IT C O U N T Y , O utskirts of 
C arrizo Springs, w inter garden area, 5oo acre potential develop­ ment property. C O O K E R E A L T Y 
9232712________________ 
East Wilson County, paved road front, and dug well, telephone electrics, ger.fly sloping 2o acres of deep sandy loam. J.. Cullman 
344 2341, 341-5o45 
BO B JO N E S, R E A L T O R 

H ouse on c o rn e r m ain a rte ry, good for conversion, office- business. 
M A C R E A L E S T A T E 828-2521 

R IT T IM A N RD. AT IH35 
T H E F A IR D A L E 
66oo F A IR D A L E 
656-1oo1 

68o A C R E S. Fine ranch land, un im proved except for tan ks and fences. G ood deer and tu rke y hunting. Good terms, im m ediate possession. Call 
G L E N N P A T T O N CO 
223-8613__________________ 655-2255 
Smithsons Valley area, m odern 4 yr old, approx. 25oo sq.ft. 3 be­ droom 2' j baths, Sw iss Chalet home, completely carpeted, cen­ tral air heat, Sand two-tenth acre, well, intercom , butane 595,ooo 
Qualified buyer only. 494-7184. 

Choice Office Space. ISO sa ft. up. 
On New North Expressw ay near 
A irp o rt. 
R e a so n a b le ra te s. 
C o v e re d p a r k in g A ll co n ve n - iences. Call 344-3456 weekdays 

A A A A A A A H ...Your own home at last! Beautiful townhome. Central 
A M *1oo down, *139 month. No c re d it? O K ! H u r r y ! 922-21 73, 
675 9294, 673-4714 
P A T MC V E Y RE A L E S T A T E 

A A A A A A Home of your own can be yours for as little as *2oo down and paym ent* less than rent. No 
Credit? O K! 
J B J R E A L T Y 674-8883 Anytim e 
Adults. Off B ro a d w a y, u p stairs duplex, newly painted 
*15o, 
822-7165._________________ 

26x5o bldg plus lot, busy corner 
828-o665 
736-1766 
534-4439 
W ATSO N & SON R E A L T O R S 
THE 
GREENHOUSE 

I BEDROOM 
TOWNHOUSES 

F R O M $ 1 8 5 

72oo S PRESA 

(Cs 
532-7389 

A storia 
1o363 S A H A R A 344-6191 
F U R N IS H E D U N F U R N IS H E D 
Sunshine 
342 E. S U N S H IN E 734-4422_______ 

5.25 Acres 8 miles south of K e rr­ ville. Good Trees, building sites, electricity available, all weather road, m o b ile s a llo w e d 
N ot 
Rough. B v O w ner, *1oo dow n, 
$73.98 m o n th ly . 
D a y s c a ll 
1-512-896-2525. 
N ig h ts c a ll 
1-512-257-6411 or 1-5)2-257-3oo1. 
L A M P A S A S A R E A 
124 A cre s, nice house, b a rn s, large spring-fed lake. Trade or terms 
W E IR 
R E A L T Y 
(512) 
333-4.558._______________________ 

L u x u rio u s, no le a se re q u ire d . 
Open daily. Office 3-SIOO, 5-S135; 
9 *14o, 
11 *75. 
696-833o, nites 
341-2724__________________________ 
N S O F F IC E , Beacon Circle, close to Airport. 6oo sq. tt. 344-8388 

L E T U S DO IT 
A n y size, A n y w h e re * W e find 
Y O U R Apaitm ent F R E E ! Owner pays tee. 
TH E G O L D E N K E Y 
Apartment Locators 828 5739 

75x197, paved, all util. 
828-o665 
736 1766 
734-4117 
W ATSO N & SON R E A L T O R S 
LO C A T IO N P L U S ! Large corner inside Loop 41o, Hwy 16 NW. B u­ siness potential. 624-45o7 

 a p a r a r f r 
2Aoo + SQ FT 3 bedroom, 2 bath 
2-story that sits high on a hill to o v e rlo o k th is 9 * a c re fo rm . 
Located 7 miles east of Moore. A beautiful home with enough land to get aw ay from it oil. Ow ner anxious and price reduced to sell. 
H U G H E S & B R IS C O E 
924-4331 R E A L T O R S 
I 663-5597 

• A U ST IN H W Y E F F IC IE N C IE S * 
Bls pd *22-37wk 824 19o8 655 2537 
EFFICIENCIES 

I 2 3 Bedroom flats to 
Bedroom Townhouses 

. 
3 8 1 5 P a r k d a le sst 
696-3499 

Center, approx. 3,ooo sq.ft. air carpet, part turn, central 
828-o665 Watson & Son 734 4117 
A L A M O H E IG H T S 
Luxurious 2 bedroom, 2 bath apt, 
*245 mo 
W aler and gas pd 
824 6828 
_____________________ 
LEWIS STAFFS. 
A L L B IL L S P A ID 
3o2 W. Huisache, corner al Belk­ nap, walk to bus and all stores 
Brenner Co. 344-3471_____________ 

1-Bedroom , lorn carpeted, air, utilities pd *135 No children, no pets. W alking disl. to Baptist. M e­ tro p o lita n HOS., L u b y s , M a in 
Bank. 226 3492______________ _ 

Office space rent- lease. 24oo sq.ft., 25c per ft. 434-239) 
M A IN A V E N U E 
C h o ic e lo c a tio n on c o rn e r. 2 buildings, zoned H. Ideal for a n ­ tique, interior de sign business, etc. A m p le p a r k in g . J O N E S - 
K IN G 826-2439. 
_________ 

A L A M O HG 1S. Adults only I be droom s, central alr-heat, stove, refrigerator, dishw asher, carpet­ ing, drapes. *21o., bills pd *75. 
Pep 826 737o_____________________ 
B E A U T IF U L Tree House Apts in qorden Com plex, door B ra c k e n ­ ridge Pk T rin ity U and D o w n ­ town View of City Pool I aundry 
M odern and com fortable M an ager, M U L B E R R Y T E R R A C E 
A P T S 1315 E. M ulberry, 826 1243 
I Bedroom opt $7o mo *25 dup 
842 E Guenther 342 o933.______ _ 
1 Bed room , liv in g -d im n g -k itch com b Air *1oo Plus utilities. 8o7 
R oust al C raig 734 5792, 736 o211 
2 Bedroom newly decorated. *135. 
Water pd 532 )5o8______________ 

P R IM E IN E X P E N S IV E 
O F F IC E S P A C E 
Northwest San Antonio, 6oo sa.ft. 
Only *225 per month. 3 offices plus kitchenette. Well designed. Call 
C H A R L E S S C H N E ID E R 684-72oo. 

2o9 Acres on County Road - House 
Well Barns - Pens Joins Large 
Ranch - Good H unting - O w ner 
Financed. Good Term s - Call 512 - 
257 5369, Aller 6:oo P.M._________ 

I • 2 bedroom s. All bills bd. No kids-no pets. SAC oreo. 623 161) 
19' j Acres Alum Creek, County 
Road Frontage Tank. 12 A cres 
C oastal. B a la n c e in b ig trees. 
*2o,ooo with *5ooo down, balance 
2o yrs at 8 'J % . 695-89o5; 695-32o5 
ST O N E W A L L , T E X A S 
Approx. 83 acres fronting on Hwy 
29o D ire ctly a c ro ss fro m L B J 
State P a rk R ead y for develop­ ment. F o r details, a sk for M r. 
Jaime 333-o9oo 
Century 21 
D E L A N E Y R E A L T Y 6S3-o5SO 
S.W.T. FARM AND RANCH 
R E A L E S T A T E , 
T h e re a re num erous ranches of 64o ocres or larger in LA S A L L E A N D W E B B 
C O U N T Y that we think are good investm ents. Fo r specific infor­ mation, call or write 
L E E R. P E T E R S 
1-879-2759 
P O. B O X 563, Cotulla, Tx. 78o14 

68)5 Broadw ay, air conditioned, studio apt. *1o5. 826 7913_________ 
N A C O G D O C H E S 
1.34 a cre s road fron tage, R R . 
Com m ercial industrial area. 
M A C R E A L E S T A T E 828 2521 
N.W. F R E D E R IC K S B U R G RD. 
3 acres-219 frontage sell or lease, zoned B 3 
227-o227W A TSO N A SON628-1262 

Save g a s m iles! N ear town con­ venient. 235 How ard off HOO N. 
M ain I B E D R O O M F U R N I Blk 
M oan Bank, I ubys, Expw ov, Ho spilths. 226 8492__________ _ _ _ _ _ 
L IV E B E T T E R FO R L E S S * 
G R O U N D L E V E L D U P L E X E S 
F U R N O R U N F U R N . 
E X C E L L E N T M A IN T E N A N C E 
H IG H L A N D H IL L S A P T S 
2931 E. SO U T H C R O SS 
534 88o8 

••• B u s stops at door, 58o, N E side, newly decorated, 225-2319 
Professional 23oo ft new building at C o lo n ie s N o rth S h o p p in g 
Center. Avail, late sum m er. T er­ rific exposure. Call R o ss Stevens. 
699 1133 ______________________ _ 

M ED IN A L A K E A R E A 
2oo ac good road frontage, rolling black soil. Per Ac. S1ooo 
45 ac. nice hom esites off paved road, large oaks. Per Ac. *12oo. 
13o ac. ' j mile rood front, beau­ tiful land, oaks. Per Ac. SHOO. 
M O F F E T T L U M B E R CO 432-7881 
' Farm & Ranch Realtors” 
M edina R ive r frontage, only 15 m in fro m S A. 
H u g e o a k s, pecans. *1,3oo. per acre 
D E V A U L T & ASSOC. 349-2677 
P roperty M orketm g-Exchange 
M O U N T A IN H O M E 
" 
275 Acres, with cabin, barn and well 
E x ce lle n t h u n tin g 
V e ry good terns. W E IR R E A L T Y (512) 
833-4518. 
______________ 
N E A R PO TH 
' 
ISO acres plus good house, coastal and posture, public water, 2 stock ponds. A Steal at $55o per acre. 
622-3363. 
R E N F R O R E A L T Y 
N E A R Y O R K T O W N 
* til A C R E S on paved road. Well, tank, fe n c e d -cro ss fenced, old house. Owner carry, *55 per acre. 
N E A R N IX O N , T E X A S 
28 A C R E S, ?z field, ’Ti pasture, >z m inerals. Low down paym ent, 
Owner carry. 
N E A R N E W B R A U N F E L S 
2o A C R E S 4 m ile s to town on g ra v e l road, w a te rlin e , la rg e lank. Owner carry 12°o down. 
Sontex Co., Realtors 653-o46o 
New Braunfels Hom es-Acreage 
Settee! & Assoc. Realty 
395 Landa, New Braunfels 
625-8o78 or S A. 658-1477 
Owner financed with sm all down payment, 392 acres com bination form ond ranch near Y o aku m , with excellent deer hunting, river bottom la n d 
So m e im ­ provements. Only 565o per ocre. 
W IL L IA M S R E A L T Y , Taft, Tex. 
512-528-2o1 1 or 512-578-3oo9_______ 
P E A R S A L L - 7oo Plus acres, 2oo acres planted in peanuts, 2 wa- terweils, good fencing. 227-1333 

J Bedroom , I both *215 
A cro ss street from Lee High, 3 b lks from N im itz H igh, I blk jackson Keller Elem entary 
M A IN T A IN E D W ITH P R IO E 
A L L U IL IT IE S P A ID 
233 Herw eck Dr. 344-58o4 

C LO SE IN- O F F SA N P E D R O 
F u r n e ffic a p ts. A ll b ills pd 
Adults No pets or children. S1o5 
223-8921 ________________________ 
125o sa ft. office space on San 
Pedro near Hollywood Park. *435 mo. 16272 San Pedro. 494-5213 
Coral Sands, IS IS W Contour, (E of 57oo Sa n P e d ro ), a ir, pool, woter pd. 2 bedroom s, turn $16o 
I Bedroom, *1o5 826 79)3________ 

R A IL S P U R R , 13 acres, zoned 1-2. 
Cheap. 
Owwner financed. 
8 2 8 - 4 4 5 2 . _____________________ 
E D W A R D S C O U N T Y - 77o acres with headquarters of large ranch. 
Home, well, good fences, 2 dirt tanks, 12°o down on 8 yr. note at 
6'o interest *33o per acre. M O R ­ 
R IS W ITT R E A L T Y Center Point 
634-2672.________________ 
E D W A R D S R A N C H R E A L TY 
Buy your land from the natives 
P IP E C R E E K , TX 695-848o 

H ighland P a rk very neat 3-rm opt bills pd carport *115 mo. 
Bert Barrera, 222 8611 732 o89o 

32oo Sq. Ft Tastefully finished on 
B lanco Rd. iust past Loop 4)o. 
Perfect location. Ready for ac■ cuponcy. 5oc per sq.ft. 341-6267 
Lo w e r apt. clean, con ve n ie n t, 
Middle aged or older preferred 
141o W. Woodlawn. 732-652o 

E A S T S ID E , I and 2 b d rm up! child welcom e, 933 Burnet, 3o9 
Willow, *85 and *7o Plus bills. 
344 84o2 
IF YOU Q U A L IF Y 
72x18 metal ond m asonry build­ ing. 1296 sq tt, zoned B3. New ond clean. 
Ruby wright 
344-2341, 
342-5847 
B O S JO N ES, R E A L T O R S 

Will design oftices to suit tenant, ample free parking. 46oo Brood way 828 2o2o, 824 637).__________ 
Coil us about our close-in rural properties. 2-8oo Ar res 
Seitz A Assoc, Realtors 824 2385 i Bedroom ! Both *142 *199 
I Bedroom I Both *159 *221 
3 Bedroom ? Bath J 179-5246 
All Utilities, Central Air and Heat, 
R e frige ra to r, Range, D isp osal, 
Draperies, TV Antenna, Storage 
Units and M ore. Approxim ately 
IS Minutes from M ilitary Bases 
924 o416 
2914 Roosevelt Ave. 

825 E 
C a rs o n . $85. B ills pd 
Deposit pay tater. 227-45o4_______ 
Luxurious 1-2 bedrooms. B ills pd. 
5231 Blanco Rd. 341-41; J 
C O N T E S S A T O W N H O U SE S, I OR 
2 B E D R O O M S , bills pd *2oo to 
*225 Close to Northstar ond Cen trot P a rk 
No ch ild re n or pets 
824-67o7, 824 4/oo________________ 

Effluences, air, bus, shops *3o wk. *125 mo up. Bills pd. Section 
8. 534-34o1, 434-9645.______________ 
M E T R O H O U SE D O W N TO W N 
M O D E R N E F F IC IE N C Y F U R N 
*12o to 5135. 213 4TH ST 226 7333 
M O T E L efficiency ap artm ents an d ro o m s. B y day, w eek o r m onth 
o12-91 12, 
P E 4 -6 7 6 7 , 
LE2-o1S2, CA7-47o2, N e a r Ft. 
■Sam TA2 1377_________________ 

H A V E C A SH B U Y E R S o ld e r h o m e s, a p ts n e e d in g repairs. John B. Eccell, B roker 
6o8 Gunter Bldg 226 7o31 824-8o23 

WAKEFIELD STARDUST 

APARTMENTS 
31 F E R T I L E a c re s , F R U I T t r e e s , oaks, 3 bedroom s, I with 
F IR E P L A C E , sun room, G O O D 
W E LL , electric pum p pius wind­ mill. E a sy commuting. $47,5oo. 
Owner-Agent 

Efficiency, I person, quiet neigh borhood, no pets, 342-5437._______ 
R O O S E V E L T C O R N E R , Shop, office, home. Good Sm all business location No Agents. 533-o756. 
L A B A N D E R A A P T S 
L U X U R Y I ond 2 bedroom apts 
1171 B A N D E R A R O 433-3214 

Woolly located on busline 

I, 2, and 3 bedrooms. $1oo 

 to 
$35o On Rector 

 nereis from North Star Mull 

5 to SO acres near Pleasanton, utilities, low dow n, o w n e r fin ­ anced. Atravasado I 4 C Co. S A 
224-oo81 or Pleasanton 1-569-3382 anytime._________ _______________ 

Loop 41o-Vance Jackson Rd. 
P A R K L IK E G R O U N D S 
2 B E D R O O M .*235 B IL L S PO 
P A R K D A L E A P T S. 342-o191 

S A L E O R L E A S E 
Cate or tavern, Choice com m er­ cial property in near Westside. 
923-5911 
F R A N K R G O N Z A L E S , Realtor 
6ooo sa ft doctor s otfice bldg. 
Small down and assume. 
734-5434 C P K O S U B 342-o343 
T R IA N G L E LO T at C o m m e rc ia l, P a n A m and 
Harlan. 
Only 
*22,ooo. 
349-65o3, 
654-6296 

1235 E. M U L B E R R Y 
826-5o81 
The best located apt com plex in 
San Antonio Large, beautiful t or 
2 bedroom opts, beautiful sw im ­ m ing pool ond court yard. Just se co n d s fro m dow ntow n, next door to Ft. Sa m H o u sto n and 
B ro o k A r m y M e d ic a l C e n te r. 
Convenient to Brackenridge Golf 
C o u rse and tennis cou rts C o n ­ venient to all m ajor expressw ays; 
IH3S, IH37, (HIO ond the new E x ­ pressw ay. Reasonable rates, all bills paid.________________________ 

M A K E R E. L O A N S 8" 
F .rst liens. M a x 8 yrs. Buy notes less than 8°o with discount. 
A V Rodriguez Broker 222-o98o 

Large I bedroom , stove, refrtg 
Upstairs in 4-plex. near SA C area, 
*85 Water pd 733-894o__________ 
P O. Box 58o, Boerne, Tx, 78oo6 
(512) 249-21)6 or 537-44o7 
TO B U Y or S E L L C A L L 
69o-8563 
L Y N D O N B R O W N & A SSO C S 

F u rn ish e d efficiency opt B ills 
Paid. 735-4768.____________________ 
L E T U S DO IT 
A n y size. A n y w h e re W e find 
Y O U R Apartm ent F R E E ! Owner pays fee 
T H E G O L D E N K E Y 
Apartm ent Locators 828 5739 
L IV E B E T T E R FO R L E S S ! 
G R O U N D L E V E L D U P L E X E S 
F U R N O R U N F U R N 
E X C E L L E N T M A IN T E N A N C E 
H IG H L A N D H IL L S A P T S 
2931 E 
S O U T H C R O S S 
534-88o8 

85o6 WAKCflfU) 
344-4558 
Near Ft. Sam Expw av Air. W aler pd *7 o 684-4 ) o4. 
_____________ 
N E A R FT. S A M 
N ice t bed room furn apt A ir, adults, water pd. *1oo 824-8369 
N E A R FT. S A M 
N ice I bed room furn apt A ir, adults, water pd. *1oo. 824-8369 
NO L E A S E R E Q U IR E D 
Near Ft. Sam and downtown E l­ be. Apts. Bills Paid, *89 per mo. 
227 47o2 1954 E Houston________ 
North Control Location. Elm Tro and M cCullough and IH35 Near 
Baptist HOS , SAC. New ly decor ated Near bus, adults only. No pets I bedroom. Water pd *14o. with dep 6 M o Lease. 226-53ot atter 6 and weekends, 696-o73o. 

119 J A C K S O N K E L L E R 
Com fortable living. Y o u 'll love our I or 2 bedroom apts, iust off 
San Ped ro N e ar Central P o rk and North Star M a lls. No ch il­ dren. no pets. Reasonable prices. 
828-4611 
_______________________ 

I Bedroom, central air, heat *135. 
Mo. $5o. Deposit. On W.W. White 
Rd. 333-91oo______________________ 

A Specialty 
More than Half Century Service 
16 A C R E S, north of Boerne. Has lots of road frontage and beautiful building sites. Owner financing. 
1o.8 A C R E S, southwest af Boerne for $1ooo per acre. 
29 A C R E S out of Junction, for *45o per ocre with ow ner financing. 
Good grassland and trees. This is not goat land. 
6.7 A C R E S southwest of Boerne with u breathtaking view to the east. *11,ooo 
A L L O F T H E A B O V E , except the 
6.7 acres can be p u rc h ase d on 
Texas Veteran's Lan d Board. 

F O R R E N T : N e a r L a c k la n d : 
6o X12’, 2 bedrooms. *17o. month 
Bills paid *5o deposit. No pets, 
674-7518 tor appointment_________ 

M ature Chtrsttan lady to share 2 bedroom Townhouse Oft Loop 41o and San P e d ro W rite Box 23!, 
Randolph A F B Tx 78148_______ 

Realtors 
51o8 Broadw ay 
824-45o7 
FO R R E N T - 4 A C R E S . Fenced. 
Double wide mobile home, central heat-air. M a rio n , Tx. 828-4626 after 6 P M _____________________ _ 

Fort Sam, 22o M ason St., 2-1, air, yard, appis. *1oo mo. 674-8169 
W A R E H O U S E 14 FT C E IL IN G 
59oo sq.ft. offices in front lots of yard space, zoned J 
Good terms, best location 
736-1766 
828-o665 
333-1163 
W ATSO N & SON R E A L T O R S 
Well situated in New Braunfels 
Almost new 5ox125 metal bldg, air conditioned office, 2 restroom s, dock high overhead door. Plenty of parking space P ric e d right! 
1-629-14o1 or 1-629-2145 
_ 

N e a r U T S A , M e d ic a l C e n te r, 
U S A A Large I bedroom with fully equipped kitchen, draped, ca r peled 
*15o 
349-7o26 eves. 
Ot 
341-7483. 

A D U L T S - O F F B R O A D W A Y 
2 
Bedroom redecorated apt. *17o. 
Plus about *25. Utilities. 828-1122. 
A D U L T S O N L Y . Clean, conven ient e fflu e n ce s and I bedroom apartm ents. 318 M ad iso n . Reo- sonobie rotes. 226-3547___________ 

 t-Bedroom ........................... *17o 
Large I bedroom ..................*2o5 
2 Bedroom ! ztaath townhouse, .................. .,.,*2 6o 
Large J bedroom, 2 bath. . 
*26o 
Utilities included Ideal location, across from Oak P a rk Shopping 
Center, corner Nacogdoches and 
New Braunfels ave, 
1779 N A C O G D O C H E S R D 
824-o691___________ __ 

NO L E A S E R E Q U IR E D 
You con pay your monthly rent in t, 2 or 3 paym ents. E m o v color 
TV, radio, pool, m aid-linen se r­ vice. All bills pd W E E K L Y rates 
3414 Fredericksburg Rd 736 4444 

2-Bedroom s, air, heat. *14o Water pd. Patio 158 E l Mio-4o8 Ira No pets 341 8446, 494 5678, 824 6227 
N e a r U T S A , M e d C lr. U S A A . 
Townhouse, 2 bedrooms, electric kitchen, d ra p e s Tennis, Sw im ming *215 696-6)21, 492 2633 
N E E D AN A P T 
C A L L US 
T E X A S A PT . L O C A T O R S 
349 368S«NO F E 6 » *)$ o UP 

L L A N O R IV E R Approx. 64 acres with 24oo' of the most beautiful rive r frontage in this area. E x ­ cellent fishing and hunting, wilt sell is-2o acre tract*. Located off 
Hwy 87 N 
SU N D A Y H O U SE Well built 2 be­ droom, I bath home, iust 13 mi. from Fred ericksb urg on 43 scenic acres with flowing creek, springs, and excellent hunting. House nos all m odern conveniences, cedar- shake roof, old fashion ed rock fenced yard and e xtra storage bldg A beautiful place! *82,5oo. 
P I C T U R E S Q U E 431.3 A C R E 
R A N C H . H a s 6,2It ft on R M. 
Hwy. 2o mi. from Fredericksburg. 
Good hunting or development po­ tential $54o per acre. 

Luxury Duplex Near M ed Center 
66)o Southpoin t 
3-2-2, kitchen appl, inc w a sh e r d ry e r, f ir e ­ place. Sauna! Very different-not for everyone D ay 222-3751, Eve 
344-4429 
____ 
Cliff Lewis, Realtor 
Boerne 249-2o61 
S A. 224-7171 
U P P E R S A B IN A L C A N Y O N 
145 acres-creek-dense woods 
J K. L E IG H T O N , R E A L T O R S 
Vanderpooi, 78885 
512-966-34oo 
W A N T E D , .som eone to m a k e m onthly paym ents on beautiful wooded acreage in Kinney Co. Tx. 
Plentiful wild gam e and water. 
For information call or write Kin- ney Co. Land Co 512-563-2446. 

8o3 W H IL D E B R A N D 
I STB B A S S E R D 
2143 B A N D E R A R D 
12519 SA N P E D R O 
BY O W N ER __________ 
732-99S1 
6o x7o' Steel Bldg on ' jAc. 8 Ti security fence Parts room, 2 of- fices, Shop. 565,ooo firm. 532 4151. 
Z O N E D if-3 - I '2 acre on busy 
Perrin Beifet oft 41o. Fantastic retail location. Price reduced, call tor details 822-1552, 655 748o 

6 Locations convenient to Dow n­ town, M c C re ie ss, B ro o k s A F B 
Efficiencies, t and 2 B ed room 
From *125 mo. 533-948o, $33-o511, 
533-13oo 
_______________________ 

Luxury Townhouse for lease NW 
2 bedroom, 2’ i bath. 2 story rock. 
Fireplace, wet bar, double g a r ­ age, pool appliances Avail July 
I. No pets. *395. 696-o578, 496 5625 

B e a u tifu l 2 b e d ro o m T O W N 
H O U S E , 2 b a th s p lu s w a sh e r- d ry e r co n n e c tio n s G re a t N E location. Only *315. Mo Bills od 
A P A R T M E N T S U N L IM IT E D 
828-o681 
___ 

ID E A L LO C A T IO N t Bedroom, unfurn............ S' 
2 Bedroom s, U nfurn 
*1 
U T IL IT IE S P A ID 
215 J A C K S O N K E L L E R 
824-9871 

Realtors-Farm t Ranch 
I bdrm , carpet, air, bills pd. 
828-o665 Watson & Son 734-41 !7 
5231 Blanco 
App. 4o Acres Leon Creek, weds, e le c tric ity , new fence. M a n y manv Pecan trees. Some Cultiva­ tion. A d ia c e n t to K e lly F ie ld 
$15oo per acre. Reasonable Down paym ent F in a n c e d bv ow ner. 
69S-89oS; 695-32o5________________ 

A PTS. F U R N IS H E D 
Want to lease some 25o 5oo acres for quail, deer and grazing. Brush lan d co u n try . 
C a ll c o lle c t 
713-733-7429 otfice no. ___________ 
B A N D E R A and E V E R S RO. 
H ID D E N M E A D O W 
5959 W U R Z B A C H 
684-3311 

2o7 E. M a i n , F r e d e r i c k s ­ burg, Tx. 78624 
(512)997-4254 
(512)997-4615 

1$ 225-1666 
IX P H E S S AN D N E W S __________ 

THI A CTIO N N U M BER 
(Of) EAST RESULTS 
PLACE YO UR W A N T AO 
IN TMI E X P R E S S N E W S 
CALL 2 2 5 - 1 6 6 6 

W E C AN S E L L Y O U R 
R A N C H -F A R M O R H O M E 
IN T H E H IL L C O U N T R Y 
H O U STO N R A N C H R E A L T Y 
Boerne, Tx 78oo6 
249-21 t i or 249-3114 ____________ 

THE ACTION N U M BER 
TOR EAST RESULTS 
PLACE YO UR W A N T AO 
IN THI EX PR ESS N E W S 
C A U 225 1666 

FOR EAST RESULTS 
PLACE YO U R W A N T AD 
IN THE EX PR ESS N E W S 
C A EI 225-1666 

o2356235 

o2181781 

San Antonio EXPR ESS - N E W S — 
Sunday M a y I 5 I 9 7 7 

4o4 APARTMEWTS-UWfURW 

Go Around 

 with Us at the 

C a r o u s e l 

A p t s . 

N e w ly Redecorated 
1 Bedroom $ 1 6 o . 
2 Bedroom $ 1 9 o . 

7134 Blanco 
344-4332 or 
828-7393 

498-HOMES, DUPLEXES, 

P a g e 14 -D 
512 - INSTRUCTIONS 

- HOMES, DUPLEXES, 
SOI - BUSINESS OPPORTUNITIES SOI BUSINESS OPPORTUNITIES S B I-BUSINESS OPPORTUNITIES 
E M P L O Y M E N T 

CHOICE RENTALS 

Many 3 and 4 bedrooms, central air, covered patios, fenced yards. 
Coil os today for your Rf At 
B T ATI needs 
828-6391, ANYTIME 

OEANIE 
OWENS CO. 
RIAITCMS— RAIS 

N I loop Oft. 

FOR SALE OR LEASE 
2 A ND 3 B E D R O O M 
PATIO H O M ES 
R E A L T O R S 
824-6351 
S T E R L IN G B U R K E 
KEY GROUP 

H ig h on a nill B righ t View , 3-1' i-l, w all to wall, air-heat, *275 6 mo. o r y r lease. N o pets. *1o o d e c 
344-o615, 736-o288 

H o u se a nd 6o acres, close-in, 
5265 mo. 342 5598 
N E , 

CHOICE RENTALS 

4826 Castle Stream 4 2 I S225 
583o Castle Brook 3-2 I 
$235 
643o Robin forest 3-2-2 . $265 
12521 Sandpiper 3-2 2 
$3oo 
831o Iou Gehrig 3 2 2 . 
$35o 

Calf 828 -57 o4 
CTuimidJ 

BOB R O D G E S, REALTORS 

8 1 o 7 B r o a d w a y 

I minute to (IT-IO. 
Private adult and family section. 
69o-17oo 
49o? Woodstone Drive 

IN E L D O R A D O - 3-2-2, F P . L R a nd den 656-1234 
4 - 1 11, c e n t r a l h a, o il N a c o g ­ d o c h e s Rd. V a c a n t 
654 1234 
RED CARPET 

JUST BUILT 
N e w hom e near IH IO a n d W o o d law n 2 bedroom . 2 bath, c e n tra l a ir h e a t *74 5 
344 34/ 1 B R E N - 
N E R C O , R E A L T O R S ____________ 

Just sta rtin g o u t? I b drm , fe nced ya rd S E $55 
United, 735-9121, fee (256 2) 

1, 2, and 3 bedroom 
Apts. 
Furnished or 
Unfurnished. 

 t = i 
J1721 Parliament 
3 4 9-3 1 49 

CHOICE RENTALS 

85 18 
GLEN 
SHADOW 
3 2 2, 
$295. 
Central air heat, stove, refrigerator, privacy fence 

246 M EAD O W GLEN 4-2 2, $275 mo. 
Central air-heat, range, dishwasher, garbage disposal and fenced 

2435 SPUR DRIVE, 3 I CP, $165 
Stove, fenced yard 

6 5 4 - 1 8 4 4 3 4 2 - 4 1 1 5 
6 5 3 - o 5 7 o 6 7 3 - 5 o 8 3 
WORLD W IDE REALTY 

LANDLORDS 
L il t y o u r v a c a n c ie s w ith U N IT 
E D f N o c h a rge ! Fo r Fast, F R E E 
R e fe rra ls, Call our L a n d lo rd L is t ­ in g 
L in e from 
9-9 7 
D a y s at 
735 9124 

Hill TOP VILLAGE INC. 

HILLTOP CIRCLE 

KERRVILLE, TX 78o28 

512-257-7911 

A Methodist Ministry to the aging, 

 providing 
3 levels of core: 

Retirement, ICF-ll, ICF III. Retire­ 

 ment rotes starting of $241 mon­ 

 th. Nursing rotes storting at S335 

 month. 

I LARGE QUARTERS 
4- 
*. 1 4 o o sq ft. o f livable 

.pace 
2 h b aths, 4 b ed - 

4- ro om s, 6 b lo c k s from Ter 
+ ell P la za . 
Rent 
A L L or 

+ A N Y 
P A R T . 
M o st 
R E A 

* S O N A B L E 
R E N T 
,n the 

4 
Cl,yl 
J 
315 OLNEY 

4 
8 2 8 - 1 9 1 4 

L a r g e 4 2 2 split-level in O a k H ills 
T e r r a c e n e a r sc h o o l, f e n c e d 
A p p t att 4 and w eekends 681 1295 
14o L a v a c a , d u p le *, 2 b e d ro o m , stove, re frlg Sec 8 732-75o9. 
Leo n V alle y, nea r L a c k la n d a n d 
S W M e d ic a l C lr. 4 B e d r o o m s , 2 b ath s, fe nced ya rd , d o u b le g a r ­ age. A v a ila b le M a y 3oth. 525o M o. 
D e c 223 5/83. 534 6295 
L ik e n ew C am e lo t ll, 3-2-2, fire - p lo c e d d e n , c a r p e l s , a ll a p p lia n c e s, fe nced *385 m o, *1 o o d en 
C all collect, 
B o e rn e 
I 336 2442 

LADIES READY-TO-WEAR 

Northeast area — Established and profitable store Good lines. Qualifi­ ed personnel Owner will assist in training 

HAMBURGER-FRiES-MALFS 

Fast food restaurant chmn located near the coost Price includes choice real estate plus very successful businesses 

PICTURE FRAME SHOP 

Custom framing or do-it-yourself 
(Mellen! location. Owner will train 
$uper low price 

STEAK HOUSE 

Over 3,ooo sg ft Beautiful decor, well equipped, located in fast grow ng Northwest area Priced ta sell this week 

MANUFACTURING OPPORTUNITY 
Heavy monufocturinq of products used by commercial truck field 
Mony long term established customers on the books. Products sold world-wide 

ICE HOUSE 
Northside. 
Good business 
On premise beer license, regular clien­ tele Will sell fast al this Tow price 

CONVENIENCE STORE 
Southside bos on premise permit, dancing, barbeque, pool toWts. Low price includes the reef estofe 

CABINET SHOP 
Rural mill and cabinet shoo located in small town new $ A Fully equip ped and operating business Priced to move this week 

LAWN MOW ER SERVICE 
Au th o re d soles and service dealer for motor brands of lawn mowers cmd air cooled engines 
A great business for yourtg-ot heart retiree 

COIN LAUNDRY 
North Equipment like new 
Good traffic area, seller wiH consider lease purchase 

CAR WASH huck mounted unit designed to wash fleets on customer s location. 
Good contracts on the hooks, fine terms evadable 

CAFE 
Southside Captive trode, little com petition in aren A long-term sue cessful operation 

MEN $ CLOTHING 
Northside 
Prestige oreo Top lines, money-maker. 

CHINESE RESTAURANT first ckiss equipment good lease. 
Northside Owner writ train 

COMMERCIAL BAKERY 
Supplying own compony stores and institutional accounts plus truck routes. 
Fully staffed with ex periented personnel 
In business over 25 years 

BARBEQUE 
1976 to* 'etym shows outstanding soles and profits, lest known nom# in the business Excellent location 
Skilled personnel may be retained 

ELECTROLYSIS STUOIO 
Owner retiring and will leach purchaser the scientific heir temovol trade 
Business may be operated out of purchaser s home or apartment 
Very profitable. Good 

 terms available 

FURNITURE STORE 
SO yeai old company offered for sole Mony accounts on the books 
Includes large tract of land and building 

MEAT CO M PAN Y 
Specialty meats compony selling direct to consumers 
Unique operation, owner will train 

CB 

R E A L T O R 

M ANY OTHER LISTINGS AVAILABLE. 
ROHDE BUSINESS BROKERS 
4 1 39 Gardendale, Suite 2o1 
San Antonio, Texas 7 8 2 2 9 

696-5311 
24 Hr. Answering Service 

WEAR THE 
“Uniform of W hite” 
ENROLL N O W 
SUMMER CLASSES BEGIN MAY 31ST call today 224-o756 

• Medical Assistant Clinical/Clerical 
• Dental Assistant 

• Medico! Secretory 
• lob A ssistant 

BASIC GRANTS AVAILABLE 
SUPPLEMENTAL GRANTS— LOANS 

PLACEMENTS ASSISTANCE OFFERED 

S.A. College of Medical & Dental Assistants 

5 o 5 E a s t T r a v i s S t . 
2 2 4 - o 7 5 6 

SOI BBSIHfSS BPPOBTttHITIfS 
5oS FINAMCMLINVFS1MENTS 

PROFfSSIGNAl 
M 
M 
U 

O ve rle a* 

3-2-2, located near B o sso m A th le ­ tic C e n te r. R a n g e , d is h w a s h e r , d isp o sa l included *385 
684-433o, 344 62o/ 
D E A N I E O W E N S R E A L T O R S 
L o s A n g e le s H o ts 
2 b d rm , h a s fence tor k id s a nd pets. Call 
United, 735-9121, tee (2o9 1) 

BU SIN ESS 
O PPO RTU N ITIES 
$ 
- J 

O A K H I L L S V I L L A G E 
A p a rtm e n ts a n d T o w n h o u se s 
*175 U p 1847 B a b co c k 344-9726 
I or 2 b ed roo m A p artm ent. 136 E 
C ro ig 227 1813, 341-5886___________ 
Plantation House Apt. t-B e d ro om 
........................ $16o 
2-B ed ro om tow nhouse, 
. *225 
344 7o93 539 M C C A R T Y 
3 room s, 1st W d ln zone, w a ter od adu lts *75 732-44o8 4,13 612o 

MARYMOIUT TOMME 
S e c lu d e d ftre e s 
2 b e d r o o m s , 2 b a th s, fire p la c e , u tilitie s p a id . la w n m aintained, pool p riv ile g e s 
549o m o N ile s 826-3365 
TERRELL HILLS 
3 b e d r o o m s , 2 b ath s, den, fire place, ce n tra l heat a n a air, *28o mo. N ile s 826-5964 
R E A L T O R S 
826 o6o6 
S U E W E E M S A A S S O C . 

KEY GROUP 
135 M id d le b u ry. L a rg e 3b edroom , 
I both, *165. B en L a m b e rt Co. 1o51 
A u stin H w y. 826-8663_______________ 

MOVE TODAY! 
U N I T E D H O M E R E N T A L S h a s the la rg e st selection of re n ta ls in 
Sa n Antonio. H u n d re d s of v a c a n ­ c ie s d a ily to ch o ose fro m 
Sto p 
----------------------------------------- -— wa s t i ng tim e and ga s! C all nrea FenCed i U N IT E D 735-9121 9-9 7 D a y s for kiddies ond f ido. o r sto p by 44o4 San Ped ro 

I N e a r Ft Sam , 3 b edroom s, relo, 
D e p osit-leose, 52oo 656 46o7 _____ 

M 
KELLY [ACKLAND 
N e w ly redecorated, turn A ll b ills pd 
In c lu d in g te le p h o n e . N e a r s t o r e s a n d b u s e s 
T e le p h o n e 
9om 5pm, 922 5963, 5125 M O 

YOUR OPPORTUNITY 

STEAKS & SEAFOOD 

~ B A S S ¥ R D W E S T A V E . A R E A 
2 b e d roo m , q a ra g e , fenced, a ir, 
Im m ac u la te 5195 m o 494 3 2 2 9 __ j 521o, 3 b drm , I bath, air, ref req, ovoil 6-15 826 8922 Oft 3 
1 2 bdrm , 2 bath, dbl ga rage , den, 
: fenced M a n y e x tra s 
United, 735 9121, tee (218-2) 
I b d rm cottage with fence W ood- 
I law n area. W on t sla v at $75 
United, 735-9121, lee (221-2) 

United. 735 9)21, fee (212 2) 
2 b d rm house O n ly SSO G re a t (or sm a ll fa m ily Call 
United, 735-9)21, fee (235-3) 
B eautifu l 3-2-2 in northeast E l D o ­ rado, fireplace, bor, h igh b eam ed ce ilin gs a nd h uge b ac ky ard . C all 
349 51 1 ! tor 
Yvette or aft 5 3o 
655 3973 

EXCLUSIVE BEAUTY SALON 
N T, 
IO operator ihop, grots 
* 7 o o o o + . 
Nett 
*1 5 ,o o o + 
*1 o ,o o o Un. 
MEXICAN FOOD RESTAURANT 

Or® ** *1 5 6 ,o o o + . Net* * 3 1 ,o o o 
+ yr. Soot I 55. *3 5 ,o o o . Term*. 

EXCELLENT WASHATERIA 
N ear bote, grot* $ 3 o ,o o o yr. 26 machine*, 12 dryer*, $ 8,o oo dn. 

CLEAN FLORAL SHOP 
N (o il, spotting *3 5 ,o o o + . N et* 
* 1 o , o o o + yr. 
Nice fixture*. 
* 1o ,ooo dn. 

M EXICAN RESTAURANT 
N 'side, teat* SO, nice fixture*. 
G ro t* * 6 2 ,o o o yr. * 6 5 o o dn. 

BUSY CONVENIENCE STORE 
N I, clean fixture*, good stock, top le a ia - pkg. *2 7 ,OOO term*. 

PLUSH RESTAURANT NORTHEAST with m ixed drink lounge, g ro ss­ ing *4 o ,o o o mo. short hr*., good lease, seat* 13o, *6 5 ,o o o dn. 

 i i 35,u ou * 
*2 5 ,o o o dn. 

. 
— 
G rots not* * 2 o ,o o o yr. 
W ith gro^rerty. Seats I OO 

3 do 
UNL RESTAURANT 
N 'i, grots 
* 2 4 o ,o o o 
N et 
{ 
5 o ,o o o yr.. 
G ood loose. 
2 S ,o o o dn. 
DAIRY QUEEN 
N 'S id e real clean. Seat* SO, G oo d peril my. 
Net* 
*1 5 ,o o o yr. 

SEVERAL MIX DRINK CLUBS 
N VV. and N T. Clean fixture*. 
G ood busine**, parking. 
Nice term*. 
BUSY NORTHSIDE RESTAURANT 
M i» e d drink*. Seat* 12o. G ross 
*1 8 o ,o o o 
Nets 
*4 o .o o o yr 
* 3 o ,o o o dn. 
LARGE BUSY WASHATERIA 
Close to base. With pickup sta. 
G rosse* * 4 9 oo o 
N et* $ 1 5 ,o o o yr. * 1o ,ooo dn. 
. 

2 DO W NTOW N CONCESSION STANDS tots of fixtures, stock, good m oneym aker*. *1 2 ,o o o . Term*. 

S E C U R IT Y 
P L U S 
Apts. of Distinction 
E ffic ie n c ie s • I and 2 b e d ro o m s 
F u rn ish e d a n d U n fu rn ish e d 
T H E V IL L A F O N T A N A 
173 B R A C K E N R I D G E A V E 
( O F F 77oo B R O A D W A Y ) 

828-1191 

I bedroom , 2 bath, fenced, patio, 
N e a r L a c k la n d , 3 b e d r o o m , 2 a ir , (a p p lia n c e s. N E I S D , n e a r bath, c en tra l air, co ve re d patio, 
I W ind sor 
P a rk , 
Ft. 
Sam . 
$235. ! fenced yard. $19o mo. 684-o711 or 
: 734 2256 
344 4397 

& C C j a e o t e a n C o r. 

7 3 5 -9 4 5 8 
* 
7 3 5 -8 6 U 

SOT BUSIft/LSS OPPORTUNITIES 
5o1- BUSINESS OPPORTUNITIES 

2 B e d ro o m hom e n e a r D e S a v a ,a i N e A R L A C K L A N D K E L L Y , like 
: S c h o o l. F e n c e d y a r d 
N o p e ts 
P refe r couple only *15o m o p lus deposit. 
I A ls o s m a l l I b e d r o o m b o rn e , 
: fenced ya rd . 59o mo. p lu s deposit. 
433-8o1 5 

Studio tow nhouse. 2 bedroom , I 1, b a t h , a ls o e f fic . , I b e d r o o m , sp ill level. O ak H ills 341 1262 
IHE TAHITIAN 
7 B ed roo m , I Both, $23o. 
3-B edroom , 
2-Bath, 
15oo sq.ft ; 
*3oo 
L o c a te d so u th of J o sk e s, N o rth 
S ta r Matt, oft M c C u llo u g h 
A L L U T I L I T I E S P A ID 
2o2 B IR C H L E A F . 347 o285 
THE TARA APTS 
8o51 BROADWAY 
A N A P A R T M E N T 
U n fo rge ta b le a s its n am e 
1 B E D R O O M . 516o 
2 B E D R O O M , $215 
H a v e just added 2 new tennis courts. 
U T I L IT I E S P A ID 

824-oo61/ 828-7393 ___ 
T h e W e st c h e st e r A p t s a re lu st m inu te s from IH 35 a nd Loo p 4 )o ' 
T V M O N I T O R E D S E C U R IT Y 
G A R D E N P A T IO S 
C L U B R O O M S 
G Y M A N D S A U N A S 
1-2-3 B E D R O O M S , 1-2 B A T H S 
$185 to 5275, B IL L S P A ID 
P A R K T O W N E A P T S 
434-4191 
2o1) B A N D E R A R O A D 

3 b ed roo m s, 2 bath hom e in N E. 
P r iv a c y fenced, d ish w a sh e r a n d ra n ge 
F a m ily a n d liv in g ro o m s 
( P e r f e c t t h r o u g h o u t ! ) , p a tio , d ouble g a ra g e . R e nt $25o mo. I ye ar lease. D a y s 344-3o78, n ifes 
696-o866 
D O N J O H N S O N C O R E A L T O R S 

 new 3 bedroom , I ' * baths. in t o d a y 1 674-3552 
H O D S D O N & A S S O C IA T E S 
N E , 3 b e d r o o m , 2 b a th h o m e , c o v e re d patio, carpeting. *24$ m o 
R O S S I R E A L T Y __________494 7781 
3 2-2, N E , C am elot, c arp e l, cen ! air. a p p ls S295m o 654 o2o3 

2 B e d ro o m s, v e ry clean a ir c o n ­ ditioned 5135 844 M C C ooley, off 
C om m e rcial, 922-7181 

N E. 3-2-1-Eden, full kitchen, (• II carpet, p r iv a c y fence $275 
R O S S I R E A L T Y __________494 7781 
N E , 3-2, fenced yard, co ve re d p a ­ tio, 5 m in from R A F B 
$25o 
654-o837. 

2 B ed room , sw im pooi, club house a n d la u n d r o m a t C o u p le s o n ly. 
Bab y O K N o rth sid e 684 o968 

3-2-2, N E IS D , range, d ish w a sh e r, co ve re d patio. A v ailab le Jun e I. 
5285. 
684-433o, 344 62o7 
D E A N I E O W E N S R E A L T O R S 
31o B e x a r 3-1-1 2 a ir units 
. 
35o C h e rry R id g e 3-1-1 F r ig 
$166 
N ic e 3 b e d r o o m , I b a t h W ith 
*17o I fe n c e d b a c k y a r d fo r c h ild r e n 
I R. Baraev 341-4455 S?gR,vvomAN?v o S *. 
SI35 - St6o. 
B L A N C O R D . a nd B A S S E R D . 
1 7 B e d roo m s. G a s-W a te r Pd. 
6831 B A S IL W O O D 342 37o2 
B R O O K H O L L O W — D U P L E X 
2 b ed roo m , 2 bath, a p p ro x , 145o j Stove , r e frig e ra to r, w a sh e r t o r ­ so.ft. U nfu rn , *275 mo. w ater a nd | p ishe d 
L o o se required $175 p e r law n m ain, included. 14417 B ro o k I m o 655-8393 

 p a y m e n t in July 3 and 4 b e d ro o m hom es, so m e with carpet a nd nu p liances. M o n th ly p ay m e n ts sta r! 
; at SISO 
I R O S S I R E A L T Y __________494 7781 
N O R T H E A S T 
I 3-1-1 h o m e w ith f e n c e d y a r d . 

W 
Y * 

Hollow, call 492-9661 
C a ll N o w 1 I b d r m h o u se w ith fence O n ly *45. H u r r y 
United, 735-9121, fee (216 1) 

N W 2-3 B d rm duplexes, cent air, w a s h - d r y c o n n , a ll a p p ls , 
519o 5235. 341 6267, 435 o66. 

C a s tle H ills G a r d e n A p t. M o bills pd. A ll n e cessities 
United, 735-9121, fee (257-2) 
4-2*1. C en tral air-heat app liances, 
_________________ carpeting, fenced y a rd $275. M o 
B etw een H illcre st and C a lla g h a n j 656-2841 

V i l l a g e o a k s a p t s 
1-2 B e d roo m s, a n d E ffic ie n c e s 
U T I L I T I E S P A ID 
8o11 N N ew B ra u n te ls 828 4242 

W e stc h e ste r A p ts a re 5 m in u te s fro m Fo rt S a m ' 

4-2-2, C e n t r a l a ir , c a r p e t , a p ­ p liances, p riv a c y fence. N E IS D . 
C on ve nien t to F t Sa m ond R a n ­ d o lp h . 535o. m o. 
I M o D e p re q u ire d 654-o814 

N W 
3 b d r m h a s fence, ice b ox, g o in g tor $15o H u rry ! 
United, 735 9121. tee (2 2 1 3 ) 
N W , E v e r * Rd. L u x u r y d u p le x , 
3-2-1, N e a r M e d School 684 6376 
O a k H ollow E states 4-2-2, fa m ily room , like new, fp, built-ins, ten ­ nis, sw im club, I y r le a se 
D ep. 
R e fe re n c e s 5375 494 6173 

3o1-o9-15 W. M a g n o lia 
A p a r t m e n t s fr o m 5)o o o n d up- 
N e a r SA C , con ven ie n t shopp ing, b u s lines C all 733-9857 
214 W. Ridgew ood, clean 4 ro om r o c k , * 8 o 
A d u l t s 
N o p e t s 
R e co m m e n d a tio n s 
696 2447 or 
226-976)___________________________ __ 

IO U W. Su m m it. $13o. 2 bedroom , ii bath. 1418 YI 
M a g n o lia . I b e ­ d ro o m 565. W a te r pd 
A p p o in t ­ m ent 344-1694. So m e fu rn itu re if d esire d 

3-* a -1, c e n t r a l h e a t a ir , a p ­ p liances. $235 m o C E N T U R Y 21 
Sch n e id e r R e a lty 684-72oo 

 t i t4 O lney 
3 b edroom s, 2 baths, c e n tra l a ir heat, sto ve a n d re- friqerator, *225 Ben L a m b e rt Co. 
1o51 A u stin H w y 826 8663 

C H U R C H I L L e x e c u t iv e 3 b e ­ droo m , 2 bath. M o d e rn . $325 to 
535o LOU F o r k s 341-o11o 

7-1 -tp 
F e n c e d , c a rp e te d , 516o. 
Mo, N o c h ild re n N e a r ST M a r y s 
U. 736-o332 

3-2-2 O ly m p ia ( N E ) D ra p e s, c a r ­ pet, fenced, cent air. Rent lo ve ly 
$35,ooo h om e tor 5295 m o 655 o454 
421o R E D S T O N E in Sk ylin e P a rk . 
3 b e d r o o m , l ' j b a t h s 
$1 3o . 
824-4521, 342-4849 
T U R N E R R E A L T Y 

1So5 W W O O D L A W N 
N e a r b u s 
__________ _ 
'b e d r o o m , adu lts, *125. ; n e se s h e e r c u s t o m d r a p e r ie s 
Call 435-6486 
1 
. . . 

C U S T O M B U IL T D E L U X E 
B est N o rth sid e location. D u p le x. 1 
Total p riv a c y . 2 b ed roo m s, king-1 size bath, u n u su a l d ra m a tic living ro om with ind ire ct ligh tin g S lid ­ in g d o o r to p atio . C e d a r fe nce e n c ir c le s h u g e b a c k y a r d , v ie n 

4o6-HOMES, DUPLEXES 

S h a g r a r p e tm g . e x q u isite flo o r- plan Fu ll built-in electric kitchen. 
5275 m o 341 2222 A n ytim e . C E N ­ 
T U R Y 21 R o y Teal, Realtors. 

2 b e d r o o m s , IS n u n to K e lly 
L a c k la n d 923-4576 

B d ls part pd on this H ig h la n d s I b d rm with appls, d rap es. O n ly 575 
United, 735-9121. fee (227 1 ) 
Cottage, cozy, clean, air, utilities paid 51oo Single 223-3568 
E c o n o m y 2 b d r m , c a r p e t e d , fenced with app ls, W on t last for 
*8o 
United, 735-9121. fee (218-3) 
E. M Y R T L E t b e d ro o m , n e a r 
S A C and T rin ity 735 7)36 

C u sto m built I b d rm h o u se h a s cou rtyard , fountain, e xtra s 
United, 73S 9)2). fee (227-2) 
D e llc r e s t , 3 b e d r o o m s , 2 b a th e le ctric kitch e n , c a rp e tin g , a ir, 
$19o p lu s dep 494-6684 

3-2, den, d o u b le g a r a g e , fe nced yard, a v a ila b le 
M a y 
24 
$32o 
344 2341, 
B O B J O N E S , R E A L T O R S 

F e r g u s o n H o m e s , S o u t h s id e m o d e r n 2 b d r m d u p e s, la r g e , clean, children, pets, 927-28/4 

H o rla n d a le 2 b drm . M o st b ills pd. 
H a s air, carpet, drapes. 
U n ite d ,/35-912I, fee (241-2) 
H u r r y ' 3 b d rm house, N E , h orse stalls, fenced fo r kids. *14o 
United, 735 912), fee (21o-3) 
N e a r K e lly . S m a ll h o u se 
51oo 
D e p o s it *5o. A f t e r 6 w e e k d a y s 
736-5712 or 435 6159 

D u p le x , 2-1 
L a r g e r o o m s a n d fire p lace . S c h o o ls a n d sh o p p in g within w a lk in g 
C o lo n y Dr. S74S 
W ater pd. 494-6782. 822-9641 after 
6 

R E N T A L S 
W E H A N D L E 
C ho ice N E Re ntals 
BOODY UECKER 
824 736), 1324 Austin H w y 

BE YOUR O W N BOSS 
IN A HIGH PROFIT 
GROWTH BUSINESS. 
U I- II c h u n von how lo 

 v u i'c e e il ac ail ilKleiicnilt'nl 

(him n o * HUI n iii sour area in the $2 bil­ lion exhaust 

 industry. 
Following our methods should give you a high income, self-respect ami an assured future. 
• Full company support • Complete training program and schools • Expert supervision front location selection to after grand opening • Professional multi-media ad­ vertising • Total accounting system. 

Minimum down payment is $975o. Financing available to those who qualify. Call .“>12 V7K-f>(>22 Collect or write 
Pronto Muffler Center. 12 FO American Bank Tow 
Austin, Texas 787o1. 

S^FU M fTO MUFFLER CENTER 

 w m m m m m m m m m m m 

IT’S EASY... 

TO OWN YOUR OWN HIGH PROFIT BUSINESS 

Ifs easier than you might think ... when you choose the right market and 

 the right people to back you up Commercial roof contracting is one of the 

 right' markets. It s a business that s easy lo start ond easy to master. If s 

 characterized by high volume, high profits, rapid growth and simple, eosy- 

 to-leam operation. We're a stable 3A1 internationally-known manufac­ 

 turer of premium-quality cold process roofing materials established in 

1933. We re experts in this field and we ye got what it takes to help you 

 start a thriving business of your own. Complete training at our Texas head­ 

 quarters at no cost. Technical assistance as your needs dictate. No franchise fees or hidden costs. An initial investment of approximately $5,ooo for 

 licensing, insurance and inventory is required. Serious inquiries only For 

 details contact K. J Bell, Southwestern Petroleum Corporation, Box 789, ft 

Worth, Tex. 761o1 or (817) 332-2336. 

 cr. 

We Need You at northAmeri 
TFsJr 
WM* (.AUS lf you want to own 

 your own business. 

 join northAm erican's grow ing fleet of ow ner/operators. 

 n o rth A m e ric a n n e e d s p e o 

 p ie like you. 
P e o p le w h o w a n t to d e c id e their o w n 

 futures. 
W e ’ll h e lp y o u start o n that future. . .by 

 g iv in g y o u c om p le te train ­ 

 in g a n d b y p ro v id in g tra c ­ 

 tors at r e a so n a b le d o w n 

 p aym en ts. 

Like a n y th in g w o rth w h ile , it 

 req u ire s a n o u tla y o f tim e 

 a n d a n initial in ve stm e n t (a 

 m inim um o f $ 2 ,1 O O to a 

 m a xim u m o f 
$ 3 , 8 o o ) 

 w hich in c lu d e s the d o w n 

 p a y m e n t o n a tracto r o n d 

 interim liv in g e x p e n se s 

 w hile y o u tak e tra in in g in 

 d riving, b u sin e ss o p e r ­ 

 a tio n s, lo a d in g a n d p ap e rw ork . 

S o if y o u 'r e 21 o r o ver, in 

 g o o d p h y sic a l con d itio n , 

 h a v e a g o o d d riv in g a n d 

 w ork reco rd , a n d m e et the 

 fin a ncia l req u ire m en ts. . . 

 a n d if y o u 'r e lo o k in g for 

 so m e th in g m o re tha n lust a 

 job, co n ta c t us now : 

Call toll-free 
8 o o -3 4 8-2 1 91 

 or write: 

 northAmerican 
V A N LINES 
P.O. Box 495, 
Dept. * 3 5 8 
Fort W ayne, Indiana 
468o1 

A n £q u ai O pp o rtun ity C o m p a n y 

ICE CREAM & 
YOGURT STORES 

Select areas still available for exclusive ZIP’Z “MAKE YOUR 
OWN SUNDAE” FRANCHISES, 

 includes SITE LOCATION, EQUIP­ 
MENT, and TRAINING. Minimum 
$95oo cash investment required. 
It you qualify— 

CALL TOLL FREE TODAY 
1-8oo 821-227o,Ext.323 
ZIP’Z 

A Otv. OF I.O.I., INC. 
447o MONROE ST., DEPT. 
TOLEDO, OHIO 43613 

H IG H PROFIT 
O W N ER 
O P E R A T E D 
BUSINESS 
This brand new one-person business should moke a con­ scientious Son Antonio areo mon or woman financially in­ dependent. 
(on be opeioted strictly part time or easily ex­ panded into a very lucrative full time operation when you choose. 
Requires absolutely 

N O SEILIN G OR IN VEN TO RY 
Your good credit and references and just $8,5oo cosh (secured) could qualify you for this truly once-in-a-life time 
OPPORT­ 
UNITY 
Serious inquiries only, please 

For details C A U TOLL FREE 
1 -8 o o — 824-512o 
Operator 19oDS 
CAUS ACCEPTED 24 HOURS 

Investment 
Opportunity 

Real 

Estate 

HUO invites bids for 

Multifamily 
Properties 

See ad in the 
Business/Financial section of this newspaper. 

5J2-INSTRUCT!!;^ 

PUNCH 

4 S h o rt W e e k s 

Other Training in: 

Computer Operations 

.Computer Programming 

Medical Assistant 

Medical Secretary 

Nurse's Aide/Orderly 

Call 224-9286 

C B M 

Education Center 
1121 Navarro 

6 Ro o m , 2 bath ' ,mi. U T S A , M E D 
C lr coll after 5, 691 1644 
S A C 3 b drm , w o n 't last! K id s-p e ts fine O n ly 5125 
United, 735-9121, tee (2o8 2) 

124o S A N A N G E L O , Off C atalina, nice 2 b ed roo m duplex, c om p le te ­ ly u ntu rn 51oo 736-5711 

Section 8 3 b d rm with fence, g a r ­ age, w in dow gu ard s. C all now 
United, 735-9121, fee (21o 2) 
S O U T H S A N 
I bedroom , S6o. 
923-5911 
F R A N K R G O N Z A L E S , R e a lto r 
S p if f y 3 b d r m , b u ilt in s 
N E . 
Fe n ce d ya rd . N ow only 5175. 
United, 735 9)71, fee (2o9 2) 
Su p e r O e ilvie w I bdrm , cent a ir, carpet, b ills pd S U S 
United, 735 9121, fee <251-1 > 

I 7 D u p le x 
L oc ate d in J e f f e r s ^ L L 2 ,Vo!e1cla ( N E ) , F ir e p la c e 
A r e a , im m e d ia t e o c c u p a n c y 
C en tral heat-air 527S. 
684 433o, 344-62o7 
D E A N I E O W E N S R E A L T O R S 
2-1 Duplex, new central heat air, n e a r b u s-m a ils, w a te r pd s i 7S 
A v a il Jun e 341-o287______________ 

EXECUTIVE HOME" 

C A S T L E H I L L S , la r g e 4 be d room s, 2 baths, fa m ilv room with r e a l f ir e p la c e , a ll a p p lia n c e s , la n d s c a p e d 
P r e s t ig e lo c a tio n u .u u i k 
~ , -.*, 1 M in u te s to M e d Sc h o o l 
L e e Hi 

 appls, fenced y a rd J o i e r pd ” 7 5 
Sc h o o ' 
C O T IL L IO N 
United, 735-9121, fee (215-21 

N E . 3-2 b ric k h a s b ig den, ga rage , fenced for kid s-p ets 
United, 735 9121, fee (216-3) 

W a lk to SA C . 2 b drm , w a te r pd 
S125. C all now united, 735 9121 fee (214 2 ) 
W oodlaw n L a k e I bdrm , fenced 
M o st bits pd. 5115. K id s p e ls O K 
United, 735 9)21. fee (2o8 3) 

4o8-HOMES, DUPLEXES, 

8 2 8 -5 5 3 3 

A A A A A A A A A W .. Still re n tin g ? 
O w n yo u r ow n hom e Som e only 
15)oo d ow n! N o C r e d it ? N o p r o b ­ le m ' 922 2173, 675-9294, 673-4714 
P A T M C V E Y R E A L E S T A T E 
A A A A D E A L - W h y r e n t-o w n a h o m e . SIC O lo $3 oo d o w n , I s l p aym en t in Ju ly 
696 742o S L A T E R R L T Y 684 6)69 

A C ho ice of 3-4 b ed roo m h o m e s to j ren t. L e a s e w ith o p tio n to b u y ; 
O w n yo u r h om e N O W ! S I9 o to $5oo mo. 
G A S E B A K E R R E A L T Y C O 
69o-699o E v e s 696-88o5, 342 7712 

KEY GROUP 

A1 CHOICE RENTALS 
W e h a v e the n e w e st a n d b est 3 o n d 4 b e d ro o m h o m e s in N o rth ! 
S a n Antonio. All of our h o m e s a re j le s s t h a n I y r . o ld 
D r a p e s , p r iv a c y fe n c e d 
R e f r ig e r a t o r s , carpeting. $3oo to $45o per month.,; 
C all us a nytim e! I N R E A I. IN C .; 
733 9184____________________________ 
I 

A la m o H g ts. L iv i n g ro o m w ith w o o d b u rn in g fire p la ce , se p ara te d in in g room , kitchen, m a ste r b e ­ d r o o m su ite w ith b a th , 3 o th e r b e d ro o m s v a ry in g size s a n d bath 
5795. w a t e r o n ly p d . 225-41 27 d a y s, 826-899) nites._______________ 
A n oth er A la m o H g ts Apt. Fin e for kid s at $425 P h o n e in now 
U nited, 735-9121, fee (7o9-3) 

Guy Chipman Co 

E X E C U T IV E R E N T A L 
E N C H A N T E D F O R E S T . 4 b e ­ d room s, 2' 7 baths, 33oo sa. ft. fo r­ m al din in g, p ro fe ssio n a lly la n d s­ cap ed H u g e den with fireplace. 
Coli M a r y C ro o n 342-58oo 

E X E C U T IV E R E N T A L 
E N C H A N T E D F O R E S T , 4 b e ­ d ro o m s J' i baths, 33oo sq It for m al din in g, p ro fe ssio n a lly la n d s­ caped. H u g e den w ith fire p la ce 
Call M a r y C ra u n 342-58oo 
349-1436 Anytime 
BASSE WEILBACHER 
IN C , R E A L T O R S _________ 
9723 F lo urisa nt. 3-2-1 N E sch oo ls i Clean. Fe n ce d 5 )9o. 824-8756 
6o27 F O R E S T S H A D O W S 
4-2-2 thru J u ly only 
58o2 D A N D U R E A 
3-2-2 
7338 C H E R K Y B R O O K 
3-2-1 
681o F O R E S T G R O V E 
4-2-2 
$37o 
75 S T O R Y W O O D 
, 31 
*235 

 f a m ily ro o m , c a rp e t, p o o l a n d tennis club priv. B eautiful 548,ooo hom e tor $375 rent 655-o454 
__ 
V a lle y Fo rge . 4-2-2, den, c o v e re d patio, fire p lace , cen tral air, c a r ­ peted. N o pets. $395. E v e s a n d w e eken d s 532 689, 656-1187________ 

V a lle y Hi. 3 b d rm , a ir, fe n c e , stove, reefer, only $195 
United, 735-9121, fee (2)1-1) 

V A L L E Y - H I- 3 b e d r o o m , P i baths, ran ge , 2 a ir units, carp ort, fence. S H O m o. C a ll C H A R L E S 
W A T T S R E A L E S T A T E 732 29)8. 
V ic in ity W in d so r M a ll; 3-2-1, a p ­ p lia n c e s ; tree sh a d e d ; fe n c e d ; air, S19o mo. 655 4833_____________ 

WILSHIRE VILLAGE 
2-1-1, Stove, re frig , c le a n W in- ll d o w o ir , n o p e ts $165. O w n e r - 
A ge nt 653-4)39. 
_________________ 
W in d c re st 3-2-2. N E IS D c o v e re d patio, fenced , b e a u tifu lly la n d s c a p e d 
5 4 2o 
653 1 122, R a n d y 
M a th ews, R e a lt o r ________________ 
W IN D S O R M A L L A R E A 
4 b e ­ d r o o m s , c e n t r a l H A, p r iv a c y f e n c e d , c o r n e r lot. $279 m o . 
922-2173, 674-75o9. 

FANTASTIC OFFER! 

I DISTRIBUTOR N EED ED FOR THIS AREA. 
National top selling items, in prime location, secured by our company can make almost unlimited income for some man or woman, with no selling. All items have a I o o % P R O ­ 
FIT MARKUP TO THE DISTRIBUTOR, and are eye appealing to the most discriminate buyer. Must have $ 4 ,5 4 8 .o o and be ready to start immediately. DIAL 1-214-241-3o72 or WRITE: W H O LESA LE D IV ISIO N 1o923 
IN D IA N TRAIL SUITE 1o5; DALLAS, TEXAS 
75229. 

R.C.O.A. INC. 

H a s o n e d istrib u torship a v a ila b le in S a n A n to n io for 

 se rv ic in g o f e sta b lish e d a cc o u n ts. T h is will b e se c u re d b y 

 c on tra cts with so m e n a tio n a lly k n o w n accounts. 

A p p lic a n t will b e sc re e n e d , m u st b e a b le to su p p ly 

 re fe re n ce s a n d m ust h a v e m in im u m o f $ 2 5 , o o o For in ­ 

 ve stm en t. This w ill su p p ly y o u w ith a v e r a g e ye a rly e a r n ­ 

 in g s o f $ 5 o , o o o + . 

S e n d inquiries and resumes to 
Retail Com m unications of America, Inc. 
835o N. Central Expw y, Suite M I9 8 4 
Dallas, Texas 7 52o6 
Phone (214) 36 3 -8 8 4 3 , Mr. Salvador 

F A C T O R Y 
D I R E C T 

WHOLESALER- 
ASSOCIATE 
4 B IL L IO N D O L L A R 
IN D U S T R Y 

1oo% M A R K -U P 

NO S E L L IN G 

Established 
National 
C o m ­ pany with M anufacturing is currently expanding nation­ wide network ol indepen­ dent 
- 
F A C T O R Y - D IR E C T - w holesaler-associates lo se r­ vice retail accounts secured by C om pany in this area 
IM M E D IA T E IN C O M E 

P R O D U C T R E T U R N 
P R IV IL E G E 

C O M P LE T E T R A IN IN G 

M A N O R W O M A N 

F U L L T IM E 

P A R T T IM E 

You may visit our Factory and 
National Headquariers 
§425o 
M IN IM U M CASH 
R E Q U IR E D 
(This is not a franchise) 

F O R F R E E B R O C H U R E call 
TO LL F R E E 
1-8oo 643-5696 or send Name. A d d re ss and 
Telephone Num ber lo 

W E L O O , IN C . 
5 1 o P la z a W e s t 
L ittle R o c k , A R 
7 2 2 o 5 

"NATURAl FIAVOetO a ' 
ICI (R M M PARLORS 

CHOICE LOCATIONS 

Complete & ready for opening within a month. 

A comfortable income in the mast pleasant surroundings. 
EASY TERMS 
Confact: 
Franchise Director 
5 1 2 -6 8 1 -o 7 3 3 or w rite: 
S H E R W O O D S 
5 7 J 9 K en w ick 
San A ntonio 7 8 2 3 8 . 

CIGARETTE SUPPLY 
DISTRIBUTORSHIP 
Part or Full Time 
Immediate need in $an Antonio and or surrounding towns for distributors. All retail outlets are secured by compony, therefore no product . selling. 
Become distributor for such nationally ad­ vertised cigorettes os Winston, 
Camels, 
Marlboro, 
Pall 
Mall, 
Salem*, 
Kook, 
Kent, etc. 
To qualify you must have a car 2-8 hours per week (days or eves). 
$35oo CASH 
INVESTMENT REQUIRED 
For more inform ation write: 

-CIGARETTE DIVISION « 7 " 
PO 8ox 14, Rosemead, 
Calif. 9177o 
Please include your phone number 

„ T r a ile r P o r k 
Thriving 
T4-*»all frailer p ark, on (ta te h ig h w a y in tow n , 1 2o m iles San A n ­ tonio! C o ve rs I city block, old house, sheds. Y o u r* tor 
$ 3 8 ,5 o o. Ere# ... “ B u sin e ** ond incom e 
P ro p erty 
B u lle tin '' o f o v e r 
8 o o o u tsta n d in g b u y * co ast to coast) 

UNITED FARM AGENCY 
6 I2 - / H W e st 4 7 th St. 
K a n sa s City. M o . 641 12 
Ph. to ll-fre e M on.-Fri. 8 to 7: | 
Sat. an d Sun. 9 to 4 
1 -8 o o -8 2 1 -2 5 9 9 

S o le o r le a se : C a fe w ith g a m e room . SOmi. N W of SA . 684-2233 

2 sm a ll m obile hom e p a rk s, good o p o o rtu n it y fo r r e t ire d c o u p le . 
Cab B urn et (512) 756-2793 or (512) j 
756-4153 

ENROLL NOW 
FOR JUNE 
CLASSES 

 y • Nurses Aide 
O f M ale Orderly 
- * M edical Assist. 
* la b Technician 

Ar Approved for Eligible Vets 

* Eligible for Basic Grants 
Job Placement Assistance 

 for Inform ation call 
S.VV. School of 
Medical Assistants 
2 2 4 - 2 2 9 6 
115 Broadw ay 

LOCAL 
INTERVIEWS 
M AY 17 & 18 
CHALLENGING 
POSITIONS 
AVAILABLE IN IRAN 
$19,ooo-$3o,ooo PA 

BENEFITS 
INCLUDE: 
Tax 
Protection, 
Generous 
Housing Allowance, 
Yearly 
Vacation Flights, Cost of Living Allowan­ ce, plus many others. 

IMMEDIATE OPENINGS FOR: 

ENGINEERS 
• AERO N AU TICA L 
• M E CH A N ICA L 
• INDUSTRIAL 
• ELECTRICAL 

INVENTORY MANAGEMENT 

SYSTEMS 
ANALYSTS/PROGRAMMERS 

(Honeyw ell 6 o o o Series Experience Beneficial) 

QUALITY CONTROl ENGINEERS 
• m a i n t e n a n c e 
• SUPPLY 

MATERIEL SUPERVISORS/ 
COORDINATORS/SPECIAUSTS 

(AFLC Experience Beneficial) 

TO ARRANGE A 
PERSONAL INTERVIEW CALL: 
Wylie Taylor (512) 826-9o36 

 lf unable to cai!, send resume to: 
LOCKHEED AIRCRAFT 
INTERNATIONAL 
P.O. Box 33, Dept 9-143 
Ontario, California 91761 

ENROLL NOW 
FOR JUNE 
CLASSES i N urses Aide i M ale Orderly 
Medical Assist. st la b Technician 
* Approved for Eligible Vets 
* Eligible for Basic Grants 
Job Placement Assistance 
For inform ation call 
S.W. School of 
M edical Assistants 
2 24 -22 96 
11 5 B roadw ay 

DAY AND NITE CLASSES 

N ew C la sse s B e g in M a y 9th 
K e y p u n c h , S e c r e t a r ia l, A c ­ c o u n tin g , D r a f t in g a n d A ll 
O ther B u s in e s s C o u rse s. 
Vet A p p ro v e d 
DORHAM COLLEGE 
1o5 San P e d ro 
225-54o1 

D E L O R E S L E B L A N C - P ia n o 
L e s so n s 
A d u lts a nd C h ild re n 
___________ C all 224 5526____________ 
Fin ish H igh Scho o l at H o m e 
D ip lo m a a w a rd e d F o r free b r o ­ chure, call A m e ric a n School, tool free: 1-8oo-621-8318. 

T e c h n i c i a n s 

(A U T O SE V O C O M ) 

— 
G e r m a n y 
— 

Federal 
Electric 
International 
... a subsidiary of Federal Electric Corporation 
... has immediate requirements on its 
AM SF-E contract in Germany for techni­ cians experienced in the repair and main­ tenance of A U T O S E V O C O M equipment. 

The candidates we seek must be technical school graduates and have at least 2 years experience in the maintenance and repair of the A N /FTC 3 1 V / S E V A C four wire solid state secure voice switch. 

U.S. Citizenship required. 

To arrange interview, call collect 
R. A. Broglie at (2o1) 9 6 7 -2 4 4 7 

 lf not convenient to call, send details of your background to 
Mr. 
Broglie, 
ITT 
Federal 
Electric 
Corporation, 
621 
In­ dustrial Avenue, Paramus, NJ o 76 5 2 . 

FLORIST 

Sm a ll T ro p ica l F ish shop for sale. 
O ne ye a r old. G oo d location. O p e n 
6 h o u rs day. C all 494-3253 m o r n ­ ings. 349-4467, noon til 6 

F O R S A L E O R L E A S E 
N ic e G ro c e r y Sto re on H w y 9o, 
B r a c k e t t v ille , T e x a s . C o n t a c t 
D a le Borden, B & S S u p e r M art, 
563-25S5 
G A S S T A T IO N A N D S T O R E 
F o r rent o r le a se 
A c r o s s fro m 
K elly 
A F B 
C all after 
6:3o, 
227-9199 

TEXAS CORPflRATfOfy 
G R A N N IE S B A S K E T IN C 
18oo N E L o o p 41o, Sa n Antonio, T x 
78212 S e r v in g A m e r ic a 's f a v o r ­ ites: h a m b u rg e rs, frie d c hicken , fish n chips, full d ia ry b o r o nd old fa s h io n e d d e e p -d is h c o b b le r s . 
S e e k in g o w n e r-o p e ra fo rs, in v e s ­ tors, la n d o w n e rs, b u ild e rs a n d d e v e lo p e rs to help e sta b lish res f a u r a n t s in S a n A n t o n io . C a ll 
828-9611 or w rite c o m p a n y for details. 

F o u r week c o u rse in flo ral d e sign e nd m anagem ent. W rite for tree b r o c h u r e . W a lla n d e r S c h o o l of i j 
F lo ra l D e sig n , In c , R a d io B uild - 1 in t, 9o3 In d ia n a , W ic h ita F a lls, ; 
Te xas, 763o7._______________________ 

H A L L M A R K A E R O T E C H 
113o 99th ST, Stin so n Field 
______________ 924-855)___________ 
LEWIS BARBER B9LLECE 
62o8 S.F lo re s 
924-388o 

FEDERAL ELECTRIC 
CORPORATION 
I T 
T 

U ni-Sex H a ir Salon. B eautifu l new shop for lease n e a r B la n c o -B a sse 
R d M a n n Realty. 349-3527 

U se d 12x24 lin e d office, te rm s, tree delive ry, 924-5oo3.____________ 

W E B U Y 
B u sin e sse s a nd In v e n to rie s 
J K A H N & A S S O C 342-4822 
W ell e stab lish e d c le a n in g p ic ku p sta tio n 
R e a s o n a b le re n t 
G o o d lease. A g e and health fo rc e s sale 
C all for appt m o rn in g s o nly 
673-38o1 
W E S T E R N D A N C E H A L L w ith k itc h e n fo r sa le o r le a se 
F u lly equipped. C all V A N C E R E A L T Y 
732-6135 

412- ROOMS. FURNISHES 

ALPHA HOTEL 

$42o 

S2So 

R e a so n a b le , daily, w eekly rates. 
Dow ntow n. 315 N. M o m ___________ 
D A IL Y W E E K L Y - M O . R A T E S 
N E W M A N A G E M E N T 
N a v a r r o Hotel 1)6 N a v a r r o 
F o r P e rm a n e n t L iv in g 
Dow ntow n, C heck out the 
TRAVELERS HOTEL 
M o st R e ason a b le R a te s 
___________22o B ro a d w a y 
____ 
L a d y h a s r o o m fo r re n t , 
L a c kla n d - K e lly area. $3o week. 
673 6713. 

A n oth er low ren t I b d rm , o n ly 56o reefer. O n iy SISO 

Century 21 
W H IT E H E A D - H O L ID A Y 
341-7)15_______________ R E A L T O R S 
F O R M A L and in fo rm al livin g and d in in g . 4 b e d r o o m s , 2 b a t h s . 
P o p u la r N orth w e st area. $4oo m o 
N iles 342-8)1o 
Century 21 
T R IC O , R e a lto rs 349-649) 

Ft. S a m 2 b d r m h a s a ir, stove. 

With fenced yard. 
United, 735-9121. fee (227-1) 
A n o th e r Se ctio n 8. 4 b d r m w ith den. W on t last. C all 
U nited, 735-9121, fee (211-3) 

United, 735-9121, fee (216-2) 
H ig h la n d H ills 3 b d rm , h a s cent air, fenced for kids-pets. SISO 
United, 735-9121, lee (2o8-1 ) 

C A IL 225 ) 6 6 6 

N e e d 2 p eop le o v e r 4o to s h a r e house in c ou n try Carpeting. C ent air, on 3 a c re s C an have g a rd e n or a n im a ts 125 wk 624-248! 

SO! - BUSIIME8S OPPOBTUWITIES 

I A C R E B U S Y A R E A 
B u ild y o u r own b u sin e ss 
O w ne r c a rry , Zoned B-3 a nd R-3 
227 o227 W A T S O N & SO N 732-2635 
A S S U M E T H IS Turn K e y O p e ra ­ tion $32oo F irm . B a c k e d b y in ­ v e n t o r y a n d a c c o u n ts, h ig h re- turn! 824 6555 o r 656-4558._________ 
A t t r a c t iv e G I F T S H O P , Id e a l 
• location. M u s t set!— B e in g Ir o n s - 
; ferred. 349-951 1 , 659-1857__________ 
A u to m o tive R e p a ir C enter 
6 stalls, 2 offices, w a iting ro om . 
N o w in o p e r a t io n . E x c e l t e n t gro ss. 533-o164 
----------------- rrr. 

BASKIN-ROBBINS 

Ice Cream Store available in 
S A N A N T O N IO 
For Info write: 
Baskin-Robbins 
2ooo N. Loop West 
Suite !15 
Houston, TX 77o18 or call: 
(713) 6 8 1-841o collect! 

DISTRIBUTORSHIP 

OPPORTUNITY 

P A R T T IM E -F U L L T IM E 

O n e of the fastest g ro w in g b u s in ­ e s s e s in A m e ric a . S p e n d 6 to 8 h o u r s p e r w eek s e r v ic in g y o u r accounts. W e fu rn ish the p ro d u c ts a n d lo catio n s for you 

S E L L S ON S IG H T 

$ 3 o o -5 6 o o p e r w e e k s h o u ld be a v e r a g e incom e. W o m e n h a n d le this a s well a s m en 
In v e stm e n t 
54,995 for inve nto ry only. 

YOU H A V E TO S E E 
TO B E L I E V E 

F o r a ppointm ent M o n d a v -F r id a y , call J e s s Reed 

_________ 227-o217_________ 
D R E A M S B IG G E R T H A N 
Y O U R P A Y C H E C K ? ? 
W a n t to e s t a b lis h th a t s e c o n d in c o m e ? lf yo u h a v e 6-8 h o u r s 
B E A U T Y S A L O N 
I w e e k | v sp a re . I 'l l sh o w y o u 
O w n e r retiring. Steady clientele, h o w -N o telephone interview s. F o r a re n d location, 
A la m o 
H gts, pp m fn*? cai! 
656*8719 between 

oooo INCOME 
See-m uke otter- (deal for couple, e stablished and equipped tavern, d rin k s and gam es, good b uild ing la rg e lot, n e a r Se gu in a n d la rg e factory $45,ooo 
C A R L O S B R A W N E R R E A L T Y r r , „ , , o T C i u r 
379-5947 
S E G U IN , T E X . 
Cfc. ? ! S 1 
S ' 
: 5o1 E. K in g sb u ry P O . Box 1122 ; O ffices N ation w ide 

M I N I A T U R E G O L F C O U R S E S e a r n 518,ooo 525,ooo. In s t a lle d o u t d o o r s o r in d o o r s . N o m o r e seasons. P ric e d at $1o,9oo E x c e l lent fin a n c in g L O M M A E N T E R 
P R IS E S - IN C . Scran ton , P a 185o1 
Tel (717) 346-5559__________________ 
N O R T H S ID E 23 U nit M o te l 
E x ­ c e lle n t c o n d itio n . E x c e lle n t in- come. 69o 859o._____________________ 
N W E S T N IG H T C L U B , E xce lle n t location, G ro s s e x c e ss 51oo,ooo yr 
R e p ly E x p r e s s - N e w s B o x 4364, 
Sa n Antonio, T x 78297_____________ 
O w n Y o u r O w n B u s in e s s " W hite 
A u to Store s, 39)o C a ll F ie ld R d 
W ichita Falls, Tx (817)697-34)o 

P L A N T A N O G IF T S H O P 
N E, U nd e r 55,ooo 
655-5681 or 655-4822 

WORMS 
A lim ited n u m b e r of in d iv id u a ls a re needed to ra ise e a rth w o rm s for an o rg a n iz a tio n that a ffo rd s a n u n lim ite d in c o m e p o te n fia l 
F o r inform ation, call E C O L O G Y 
5)2-657-o133. 

WORMS 
W e b uy w o rm s u nd e r c on tra ct 
W o rm g ro w e rs needed 
512-653-514o 
W O R M E N T E R P R I S E S 

R a p s e s s io n s , in t e llig e n t d is c o u rse s, 5 w eek p r o g r a m c o v e r ­ in g su c h to p ics a s re ic a rn a tio n , id e a ls , m e d ita t io n , c r e a t iv it y , p s y c h ic e x p e r ie n c e s , d r e a m s . 
N on-religious, p riv a te in tru ctre ss, n on -form al d o s s e s sta rtin g M a y 
16 C oil 681 o9)3.___________________ 

T H IS IS Y O U R 
O P P O R T U N IT Y 
To p re p are for C I V I L S E R V I C E 
E x a m in a t io n s . M e n - w o m e n 18 
I a n d o ye r. O p p o r t u n itie s (or a d ­ vancem ent. P re p a ra to ry tra in in g a s long a s req u ire d . E x p e rie n c e not a lw a y s n e c e s s a r y . A H o m e 
! Stud y School sin ce 1948 will se n d y o u F R E E I N F O R M A T O N on 
, lo b s a n d t h e ir r e q u ir e m e n t s . 
W rite T o d a y g i v in g n a m e , a d - 
I d re ss and phone to: L in co ln Ser- vice, Inc., Dept. 95-F. 2211 B ro a d - w ay, Pekin, Illin o is 61554_________ 
V eteran In q u irie s W e lcom e 

Texas Vocational School 
1913 S.F lo re s 
225-3253 

5o1 PROFESSIONAL 

5o4 MONEY TO LENO 

B o rro w any a m ou nt tor a n y o u r pose. P riv a te m oney. 227-16)o 

B u s in e s s a n d In d iv id u a l lo a n s ! s a r y . C o n ta c t C le a r w a t e r C o n * 

A D J U S T E R T R A I N E E 584oo 
+ C ai, fantastic opfy tor c a re e r m inded. C oll T e rri Todd 657-1123 

Arcliiiectiiral Draftsmen residential, c o m m e rcia l 824-6363 

C O N S T R U C T IO N 
O F F IC E E N G I N E E R S 

P r o g r e ss iv e h e a v y a nd h ig h w a y c o n s t r u c t io n c o n t r a c t o r o ffe r s c h a ll e n g i n g e m p lo y m e n t a n d g r e a t o p p o r t u n it y f o r a d v a n ­ cem ent. P re fe r c ivil e n g in e e r or c o n s t r u c t io n m g m t g r a d u a t e 
E x p . is d e sira b le but not n eces- I 

B E A U T I F U L neighborhood c o c k ­ tail lou nge for sale or lease Fu lly equipped. 
V A N C E 
R E A L T Y 
732 6135.___________________________ 

B E A U T Y S A L O N (or sale 27o6 W 
C om m e rce . 223 772o 

I OOO 
(X PRESS A N D N EW S 

 g ra n d 
$16,5oo 
M A C R E A L E S T A T E 828-252) 
C A F E F O R S A L E 
______________ 655-995o______________ 
C h r is t ia n B o o k Store, in sid e N. 
M all. G oo d b usiness, $11,9oo c ash 
O v e r $9,ooo inventory 342-4811 or 
653-8411_________________ ___________ 

C A U 225-1666 

1 o A M 12 and 2 P M - 4 P M 
D R I V E - I N 
G R O C E R Y , f u lly e q u ip p e d , 22o ft. on m a io r h ig h ­ w a y a n d su b d iv is io n . 574,5oo 

PROFIT OPPORTUNITY 
D u n n & B r a d s f r e e t s a y s 'C o in 
O p e r a l e d L a u n d r y a n d D r y 
C le a n in g S to re s a re o ne of tw o ind u strie s with the least fa ilu re I figure s.' 
K W I C K W A S H c o in o p e r a t e d la u n d r y a n d d r y c le a n in g test sto res for sale. 
W E H A V E c h o ic e la u n d r y loco lio n s in e v e ry part of S a n A n to n io re a d y to b uild now 
B A N K R A T E F IN A N C IN G 
F o r info rm atio n call E d F lo y d 
S 12-684-3 771 o r v is it o u r w a r - e h o u s e -s h o w ro o m at 54o3 J a c k - wood, Son Antonio, T x 78238 
R E S T A U R A N T for sale Make ofter! N o rth of d o w n to w n a re a 
G ood noon traffic. 341-8425 aft 5 

 a v a i l a b l e f o r a n y p u r p o s e . 
52,ooo-51o.ooo,ooo. C onfect M r. T. 
W hitely 534-8873. 
___ 

EQUITABLE- 
TROST COMPANY 
W e sp ecialize in the p u rc h a se of: 
•Chattel or R e a l E sta te N ote s 
• F in a n c ia l L e a sin g 
• F a c to rin g A cc o u n ts R e c e iv a b le 
IN Q U IR E A T 226 o3)4 
1818 N S C Bldg. 
Sa n A n to n io 
N E E D C A S H 5 ? 
B U T H A V E N O C R E D I T ? ? ? 
C oll U nion F in a n ce 223 6871___ 
P H O N E F O R S M A L L L O A N 
P R E S A F IN A N C E 227 2763 
R E A D Y c a sh to p u r c h a s e y o u r real estate m o rta ges. 225 1475.___ 
Sign a tu re loons, up to 55o,ooo. No 
E n d o rs e r s , N o co sig n e rs . In fo r m o tio n , S a u n d e r s 2o8 C a s p ia n , 
A tlantic City, N J o84o)_____________ 
S M A L L H O N O R L O A N S 
J U S T P R O M I S E T O P A Y 
A8.A C R E D I T 
223-4249 

 sfru c to rs B o x 83o T a ylo r, T x 76574 

C o n su ltin g e n g in e e rin g firm h as an ope n in g fo r a civil e n g in e e rin g d ra ftsm a n w ith a m in im u m of 2 I y r s e x p . o n s u b d i v i s i o n ! im p r o v e m e n t s o n d m u n ic ip a l p rojects. S a la r y c o m m e n s u r a t e j with ability. C all 349-o151 for app t ' 
C O U N T Y E N G I N E E R 
K e n d a ll C ou n ty,T e x a s 
H a s position a v a ila b le for C ou n ty 
E n g in e e r 
S a la r y o p e n . I e tte r I with resu m e of edu cation a n d ex- ! o erien ce rea u ire a. in te rv ie w s by ; a p p o in tm e n t. M a il r e s u m e s to ! 
P O . B o x 399, B o e r n e , T e x a s . 
Telephone A C 512 249 2131_________ I 
D irecto r of So cial S e rv ic e s 
N S W r e q u ir e d ; a b ilit y to c a m - i m u n ic a t e a t f e c t iv e ly , b o th in w ritin g and orally. M u st be bilin- 1 q ua l. A p p ly in p e rs o n , St. B e n e d ic t 's H o s p it a l a n d N u r s in g 
H o m e , S. A la m o a t J o h n s o n , 
222-o171. 
E q u a l 
O p p o rtu n ity ' 
E m p lo y e r 

An Equal Opportunity Employer, M /F 

MINI-COMPUTER 

ASSEMBLER 
PRO G RA M M ERS 

Good knowledge of Assem­ 

 bler Programming and operat­ 

 ing systems required. 

Database experience a plus. 

Salary open. 
Full company 

 paid benefit package. 
Send 

 resumes to: 

CUTLER WILLIAMS INC. 
2655 Villa Creek Drive 

Dallas, Texas 75234 

A t t e n t i o n : 

Manager Mini-Computer Services 

Equal Opportunity Employer 

DRAFTSMAN 
P e rm a n e n t position in c iv ! a nd st r u c t u r a l e n g in e e rin g o ffice in 
S A. M in im u m 2 y r s exp. s a la r y c o m m e n s u r a t e w ith a b ilit y . 
826-7347 for appt 

. . E I M /- a aa o 
R e sta u ra n t on three lots for sale, 
S c i • n e * ! 't v G « E p ecan o rch ard , w afer welt on two b e l l r e a l t y , s.A 
658-5131. h igh w a ys, $6o,ooo, ' x d ow n o w n er 
. w ill c a rry p a p e rs. E d d ie B u r in a 
(2915) 396-2134, (91 5) 396-252o. 
M e n a rd . Tx 76859 

512-INSTRUCTIONS 

$8oo D R A F T S M A N fo r la r g e co 
'■ » ? 
C in d y r ; p e V r e ^ e “ ; n % 7 , n t e d c , Ur'cu ?. 

E L E C T R O M E C H A N I C A L 
D R A F T S P E R S O N 
E x p e rie n c e d d ro ttsp e rso n needed to p r e p a r e s c h e m a t ic s , d e ta il p a rts and a sse m b ly d ra w in g for u se in ele ctron ic m a n u fa c tu rin g 

1-3 79-ttM_____ 
IS 2 2 5 -1 6 6 6 
IX P R E SS AND N (W S 

A d u lts a n d C h ild re n : needlew ork, c ro c h e t, se w in g , h o b b y c r a f t s tau gh t a f m y hom e. In q u ire now 
M o n e y b o c k g u a ra n t e e . 3o) W. 
M a g n o lia , Apt. 3 outside. 

732-2191, 25o1 W e st A v e . J o b s 
N orth Inc P e rso n n e l C on sultan ts. 
$ 8 oo D R A F T S M A N f o r l a r g e c o m p a n y lite e x p -a d v a n c e m e n t 
C in d y 732-2191, 25o1 W e st A ve . 
Jo b s 
N orth 
Inc. 
P e rso n n e l 
Consultants. 

 b o a rd d e sign -la yo u t a n d tape-up p re fe rre d but not re q u ire d 
A U S T R O N , IN C . 
1915 K ra m e r L a n e 
Austin, T e x a s 78758 
512-836-3523 e qu al o pp ortunity e m p lo y e r 

• M & N B S V L 
Antonio. P re fe r m a rrie d with col­ le g e d e g r e e 
S t a r t in g a n n u a l sa la ry up to $11,4oo. F o r a pp o in t­ m e n t c a ll E .L . M a r t in 736-4267 
Ca•• M o n d a y o r T u e s d a y M a y 
14-17 betw e en Io a m -4 p m . E q u a l 
O p p ortu nity E m p lo y e r 

E N G I N E E R - D E S I G N D R A F T S ­ 
M A N , Steel F a b ric a tio n Co. seek in g m e n w ith d e s ig n a b ility , so h ou r w o rk w eek, p e rm a n e n t e m ­ ploym ent. F u rn is h re su m e to E x ­ p re ss a n d N e w s B o x n o 
4373 
78297 

P lA C i TOU S W AN T AO........ 
IN THI IX P R tS S N I W S 
C A U 2 2 5 -1 6 6 6 

( 

I. immESS-MMig P OIw i l 
■ 
I 
3 flX AS s ize SAVINGS... 

 n l s a 

2 LINES $ 
IO DAYS 
T 
I 

NON COMMERCIAL! 
CANCELLABLE 
W ITH O U T 
RAT! CHANGE 
2 
2 
5 
- 1 
6 
6 
6 
QUICK R ESU LT S! 

KOI PROFESSIORAI 

Son Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS Sunday May 15 1977 

6o1-PROFESSIONAL 
6o1 PROFESSIONAL 

SOI PROFESSION 
6o1-PROFESSIONAL 

 rn 
6o1 PRtlKSSHM 

* 
* 
* 
¥ 
¥ 
¥ 
¥ 
¥ 
¥ 
¥ 
¥ 
¥ 
¥ 
¥ 
¥ 
¥ 
¥ 
¥ 
¥ 
¥ 
¥ 
¥ 
; 
* 
THI TEXAS 
* J 

* 
AFFIRMATIVE ACTION CAREER CONFERENCE 
TO BE CONDUCTED MAY 2o-22 
SAN ANTONIO, TEXAS 
D o you hold o 4 year college gradua te degree in engineering, business, science, or technical related areas? A re you interested in a rew arding career w ith salaries in the 
$ 1 5 -2 5 ,o o o range? lf so, one o f the follo w in g com panies m oy be interested in you! 

* 
* 
¥ 
¥ 
¥ 
¥ 

¥ 
¥ 

¥ 
¥ 
¥ 
¥ 
¥ 
¥ 
¥ 
¥ 

¥ 
¥ 
¥ 
¥ 
¥ 
¥ 
¥ 

$ 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
. * 
* 
. ¥ 
¥ 
¥ 
¥ 
¥ 
¥ 
¥ 
¥ 
¥ 

IBM 
Polaroid 
G eneral M otors 
Rexnord, Inc. 
Procter & G am ble 
Buick 
Cadillac 
U nion Camp 
Inland 
J I Cose 
Johnson C ontrols 
A utom atic S prinkler 
Am erican H ospital 
E D S 
D ictaphone 
Samba s 
V M ueller 
D elco Electronics 
Eastman Kodak 
Ford 
G eneral Telephone 
Holmes Protection 
Delco Products 
G o o d ye a r Tire & Rubber Co lukens Steel 
O w ens C orning Fiberglgs 
Travelnol Baxter Labs 
Pfizer 
Union C arbide 
D elco Remy 
Borg W arner 
Burroughs Corp. 
C ollins Radio 
Frigidaire 
H oneyw ell, Inc. 
K urt Salmon Assoc 
G M A D 
Texas Instruments 
G M Truck & Coach 

G uide 
M e rrill Lynch 
N oleo Chem ical Co 
Schneider Transport 
W R G race 
AT & T 

Am erican Can Co 
Harrison R adiator 
M illike n & C om pany 
Hydro-m atic 
O ldsm obile 

¥ 
¥ 
¥ 

¥ 
¥ 

¥ 
¥ 

¥ 

¥ 
¥ 
¥ 

N a tio n a l Career Centers o f A m erica, a m anagem ent consultant firm , the leader in its fie ld , con o ffe r you the op p o rtu n ity to talk w ith over 4 o national com panies in ­ terview ing for positions natio nw ide. O ver 5 o o positions in Engineering, Electronic D ata 
Processing, M a n u fa ctu rin g , Technical Sales, M arke ting, Research & D evelopm ent, just to m ention a few . D uring an I 8 hour period your job search w orries can be over. 

W ith N a tio n a l C a re e r C en ters ... 
• N o cost or o b lig a tio n to any jo b a p p lica nt 
• Professional resumes prepared at no charge 
• A ll com panies are Equal O p p o rtu n ity Employers 
• M ale > Female 

Right now tim e is o f the essence, lf you plan to take adva ntag e o f this free career 

 conference, you need to contact im m ediately: 
El Tropicana 
2 2 3 - 9 4 6 1 , e x t. 3 1 o 4 
M r. Flynn or Ms. M alone 
NATIONAL PERSONNEL C O /N A TIO N A L CAREER CENTER 

 ii 

¥ \i 

WORK WITH YOUNG PEOPLE 

Rare opportunity for person 21-25 who wants to work with youths in community service pro­ gram. We ore a non-profit, non-sectorion or­ ganization dedicated to increasing human growth and personal effectiveness with spe­ cialized skills. The position is a challenge to the selected candidate — physically, emotion­ ally, intellectually, and spiritually. 

You need experience and a proven record of effectiveness working with youths. We will teach you valuable professional skills from leading experts. You will live in beautiful Hill 
Country of Texas. Salary. Living expenses. Con­ tinue formal education at our expense. Please send resume and cover letter stating your next career goals to: 
YOUTH SERVICES 
PROGRAM, INC. 
PO BOX 45/43 
DALLAS, TEXAS 75245 
♦ 
* 
* 
* * ¥ ¥ ¥ « . ¥ ¥ ¥ * ¥ ¥ ¥ ¥ ¥ ¥ * ¥ ¥ ¥ ¥ * ¥ ¥ ¥ * ¥ « ♦ 

¥ i 

¥ ! 

¥ 

¥ 

¥ 
¥ 
¥ I 

¥ 

¥ 

¥ 

¥ | 

¥ , 
* t 
¥ 
¥ I 
+ ¥ I 

 ii i 
¥ I 

¥ 

¥ 

¥ t 

¥ 

¥ 

¥ 

¥ 

¥ 

¥ 

¥ 
¥ 

¥ 

¥ 

¥ 

HfMPHIll MCCOMBS FORD 

STARTING A CARIER' 
THINKING ABOUT A 
CAREER CHANCE* 
WB need people w ho w o n t to tie trained fo r a c o t# * ' 
In autom obile tales 

 m NEED PEOPIE WHO 
— Aggrege ow) enthusiastic 
— heed *o wok* large inturn** 
— Hov* rnnfidenre in their ability to suaeed 
— Hove management potential 

— Have no automobile tole* nip#dent* 
WE OFFER TO THOSE PEOPLE 
— Group Health end life Insurant* program* 

— Selling tool* not available at other dealer*hip* 

— Intently* training program 
— Guaranteed SIS oo(1 PIUS per yenr if you blini* nor proven tole program 
Apply in per*nn to Lynn d o te r 

Monday thru friday ? to S P M 
MAY 16th, 17th, IBth, 19th 
222 8611 

CLAIMS ADJUSTER TRAINEE 
$9 3o o Starting Salary 

Fee Paid By E m p lo yer 

Com plete training program availab le to college graduate looking for a career opportunity. S alary increase to $ 9 7 o o after 9 o days. 

$ 1 o ,2 o o end o f first year. This position involves investigation of auto collision d a m a g e, fire and windstorm , workmens com­ 

 pensation and m arine claims. 
Duties will include contacting 

 claimants, physicians, attorneys and others involved in this com­ 

 pany's insurance claims. 
A ttractive fringe benefit program 

 available to the successful applicant plus autom obile and business 

 expenses. 

LOSS PREVENTION 
(SAFETY) ENGINEER 
$1 o -$ l I /OOO Fee Paid By Employer 

BS degree in engineeering required; any engineering degree ac­ 

 ceptable or 
BS in industrial technology. Training includes im­ m ediate enrollm ent in a training program in which you will be 

 taught the basis o f industrial accident prevention. O pportunities for growth and advancem ent are excellent. Retired m ilitary or re­ 

 cent college g rad u ate definitely considered. Auto and expenses 

 furnished, all m ajor corp, fringe benefits provided. 

 by appointm ent only please 
Shunt psmt {EmpLnymrttt immure 

1 2 5 9 Jackson K eller 
3 4 2 -2 3 9 1 

PRODUCTION FOREMAN 

Requires 
3 5 years experience as 
Pro­ 

 duction 
Supervisor in a m anufacturing 

 operation 
Previous supervisory ex 

 perience in ap pliance m anufacturing and 

 assembly tye work particularly helpful 
F rie d ric h 

A D ivision o f W y la in Inc. 

P. O . Box 1 5 4 o , San Antonio, 7 8 2 9 5 

An Equal O pp ortunity Em ployer 

M ale /Female 

FULL TIME INSTRUCTORS 
Needed For 
AUSTIN COMMUNITY COLLEGE 

Q u a lifie d in history, (M exican Am erican or la tin A m erican), 
G overnm ent, M athem atics, M icro b io lo g y, Physics, Physical 
Education (Lifetim e Sports / A ctivities courses), Reading Re quirem ents 
M asters degree in subject area; teaching ex perience in com m unity college and experience w ith various modes o f instruction p referred. 

Q u a lifie d in electronics, child developm ent 
Requirements: 
Bachelor degree and 3 years full tim e w age-earning e x ­ perience in re la te d fie ld 
M asters degree and teaching e x­ perience pre fe rre d W ill req u ire a p p rova l by Texas Educa­ tion Agency 

A pply to Personnel O ffic e , PO Box 2 1 6 5 , A ustin, Texas 
7 8 7 6 8 , by June 1 5, 1 9 7 7 . 
An Equal O p p o rtu n ity Employer 

 r n 

NOTICE TO 
JOB APPLICANTS 
Advertisement* in these column* ore accepted on the premise tho! 
Asb* offered will be filed on the basis of merit without disrrimino hon berouse of sex unless the job is o bnnalide occupational quolifi cation 
EMPLOYMENT 
AGENCIES 
The Son Antonio Privote Fmplny niRnt Association ho* a rigid Code of 
Ethics to which all its privote employment ogenry member* subsrrihe for information abgut privote employment naenriet, or or hon on complaints, call 224-78o2 ot the Better Business Bureau 

BROADCAST 
ENGINEER 

Operation and m ain­ tenance of oil types of broadcast equipment. 
S yeors experience, 1st Class 
FCC license preferred Con­ tact; Mrs. Reynolds or Mrs. 
Beneke at 

(512) 423-391o or by moil at 
P.O. Box 711 
Harlingen, TX 7355o 

ASSISTANT 

STORE MANAGERS 

Join rapidly e x ­ 

 panding food chain. 

Must be willing to 

 relocate. Apply: 

SUPER S FOOD 
STORES 
3o46 I. Com m erce 
Son Antonio, TX. 

PROJECT ENGINEER 

Well established Southwestern Company, engaged in the 

 design and manufacturing of recreational products, desires 
Project Engineer for one of its divisions. Experience in 

 towable vehicles preferred. Should hove BS or equivalent 

 and good experience background. Solory and benefits com­ 

 mensurate with qualifications. Send resume to: 
EXPRESS-NEWS, BOX 444o 
SAN ANTONIO, TEXAS 78297 
All Inquiries K ept Confidential! 

MANAGEMENT 

T R A I N E E 

SALARY S13,2oo 

National Company, one of the largest in its field. College 

 degree necessary and 2 years work experience. Must be 

 willing to relocate in Texas. 
Call Sid Crawford at 512-736-2263 
PROFESSIONAL EXECUTIVE CONSULTANTS INT L. 
Executive Search Personnel Consultants 
6243 IH IO, SUITE 44o, 782o1 

EXCELLENT MANAGEMENT 
OPPORTUNITY 
FOR 
LIFE AGENT 

We ore looking for o mon with two yeors or less life insurants ex perience to enter our management program 
This is o terrific op­ portunity for the right mon Must hove successful record of achieve menf opportunity with o tap-rank compony Complete fringe benefits and training, tor details coll Mon­ day Fnday: 
Between 8:3o end 12 Noon 
(512) 735-47o7 
A ll m p lie s hfild in e x tre m e confidence 

EXPERIENCED 
LADIES SHOE SALON 
MANAGER-SUPERVISOR 

Corpus Christi a rea . 

Call M r. G o ra m a rt collect 

5 1 2 -5 4 6 -3 7 7 9 w eekdays 
Evenings 5 1 2 -5 4 6 -9 6 8 1 

 or send resume to 
The Advance Shop, 

1 o 3 2 E. E lixaboth, B ro w n s v ille , Tx. 7 * 5 2 o . 

WATER DISTRIBUTION 
IBS!aBHE9Kr 

Bachelor * degree in engineering with 5 years of progressively responsible engineering experience, preferably in connection with underground utilities or public works projects or programs, including 2 years in a position of admin­ istrative and supervisory responsibility Registration as a professional engi­ neer in the State of Texas preferred Storting salary SI,439 to SI,836 per month depending upon qualifications. Send resume to: 
City of Corpus Christi 
Departm ent of Personnel 
P.O. Box 9277, Corpus Christi, TX 784o8 
An Equal Opportunity Employer 

IN D . EN G S. 9-35K 
Beginner to Pro. I ve got it 
Call Gwen 121-6494 
N E W D A Y P E R S O N N E L 
Consultants 9o1 N E Loop 41o 

EXP. PROGRAMMER 
D a ta share and RPG ll languages r e q u ir e d . E x p e rie n c e w ith a c ­ c o u nting and in ve n to ry a p p lic a ­ tions helpful. Solory com tttensur ■ . . . 
. . . 
.v x w _l 

 s 
• " 
! ! ! ' , ! ‘ ' 
E "! J ? 
* ® 
™ 
* « 1 m c m s u i 
I2 L 3 S P 1 ---------------------- — 
— ----------- ( 342-3166. 
S in c e 
1 947. 
N o t 
FC B K K P R . 
*9ooo 
Take charge unlim ited apply 
Call Rick 828-6494 
N E W D A Y P E R S O N N E L 
Consultants 9o1 NE Loop 41o 

IB A c o u p le lo m a n a g e a n In ­ dependent business in spare tim e 
C a ll fo r in te r v ie w 
3 42 -4 7o 7 
(9 -H o m ) 696 *49o atter noon 

Exe cu tive s 
M a n a ge rs 
Professionals 

Most of the better, higher paying jobs are not adver­ tised. Haldane can show you how to find these jobs and how to get the inter­ views. Send your resume today or call now for a no 
4costor obligation interview. 

Not a placement agency! 

 r V 
I l b e r n a r d 
Haldane 
Snce <947 as s o c ia te s 

The only national job counseling and career management service. 

San Antonio 
Century Bldg., 84 NE Loop 41o 
Suite 275 West / Dept. E 
(512) 342-3166 
San Antonio. Texas 78216 
Alsq Houston and Dallas. 

Cable E X EC U TIVE 
Regional offices Boston / Chicago 
Cleveland / Dallas Detroit i Houston 
Los Angeles / San 'francisco / Tampa 
AleeiVQrk /Philadelphia /Washington.' 

SURVEYORS 

C ontact 
8 o / 1 o o houses da ily, (4 -5 hours a day). 

N o selling 

S alary Plus Bonus. 

For A ppointm ent Call: 
82 8-3 99 2 
Roy Flanagan 

PROGRAMMER/ 
ANALYST 
Three to four years experience, 
IBM 37o/COBOL, or DATAPOINT 
Degree preferred 
Competitive solory, full benefits, and sub­ urban location in Houston Please call or write 
RANGER 
INSURANCE CO. 
P.O. Box 28o7 
Houston, Texas 77oo1 
ATTN: Earl lindow 
1 - 8 o o - 3 9 2 - 1 9 7 o 
EauOf Opportunity Employer M lf 

TEACHERS 
Spend a year in o different kind of classroom 
You must be flexible, self-motivated, creative enough to work in, or establish on alternative educational system. VISTA has 26 volunteer openings in N 
Dakota, 
Utah, Arkansas, Texas, other states beginning this summer. Must apply now. Need degree in Phys Ed., pre­ school, elementary, secondary educ., or special ed Some positions require Spanish All require ability to work with different cultural, ethnic ond social backgrounds. 
VISTA provides voluntee* living allowance, paid vocation, medical many other benefits 
C all collect 
(512) 397-5925, ext. 4 
. 

CITY OF HONDO is accepting applications for the position of 

CHIEF OF 
POLICE 
Applications stating full qualifications must be in tire City Managers office by 
SPM, May 24th, 1977, and w ill be reviewed that same night, 7:3o PM, at City Hall. 

PERSONNEL DIRECTOR 

Expanding, established and) financially sound service firm ] employing in excess of 
2oo] presents o superb opportunity for] o personnel professional to ! establish ond administer oil personnel and employee relo lions functions. 

This new position will report to the Chief Executive OHicer ond will be on active participant in the top management group The 
Personnel 
Director will be responsible for formulating ond directing the firm's first formal employment, compensation, organization and training, and relating human resource pro­ blems ond practices Employees covered range from o large percentage of non union clerical employees, to top management 

The position requires a minimum of live to eight years experience in the personnel field, within o service firm such as banking, finance or insurance Applicants! considered must hove substantial experience in employment, com pensation planning, and com­ pliance with EEO regulations A bachelor degree in personnel management or industry rela­ tions is required 
Initial com pensation 52o,ooo to 525,ooo with opportunity for increased remuneration os abilities ore demonstrated 
Location, 
West 
Texos city of 15o,ooo 175,ooo population Respond in complete confidence to our Chief Executive 
Officer, stating experience and compensation requirements 
Express/News 
Box 4341 
San Antonio, Tx. 78297 
Our employees know of this od 
Equal Oppt Employer M /f 

COLLEGE GRADS 
LIBERAL ARTS 
A year con moke a big difference 
Make 1977 the year you join VISTA ond see who! a difference you con make VISTA volunteers ore in valved in all aspects of community development, self-help programs, sociol services 
Whats in it for you? Gut-level experience, use of your college degree, self growth, flexibility 
Assignments storting this summer 
Must apply now 
| VISTA provides volunteer living allowance, paid vacation, medico! 
I coveroge, tronsportotion expenses, other benefits 
Coll us collect 
(512) 397-5925, ext. 4 

S P E C W R IT E R 
A R C H IT E C T U R A L 
SPEC 
W R IT E R 
1o-tS yeors experience. Architect on active c s t m em ber p re fe rre d 
Resume, w ork sam ples required 
S alary negotiable Inqulrees con fidential. C ontact: G e n e ra l M an a g e r, B arnes Landes G oodm an 
Youngblood, 16oo W 
38»h. Suite 
IOO, Austin, Tx 78731 Phone (512) 
451 8281 

TE A C H E R S of all levels Foreign and Domestic Teachers Box 1o63 
Vancouver, W A 98*65 

TEACHERS! 
Specializing Teacher placem ent 
SPEAR S Personnel Service 
2o7 Jackson-Keller 
828-1292 

6C2 SAI ES 

A C C O U N T M U R Fo r tra v e l pub f lieation. A ustin location. E x o e r tented in adv .sales, copyw riting, etc Com pensation related to ex erience ond results re co rd . Call 
M r Counts on M o y 15th, 1-6PM 
512-258-2183 or send qualifications to : 
J M C 
E n t e r p r i s e s . 
1311 
Thornridge Austin, T X 78758 

BOOKKEEPING 
(TEMPORARY) lf you ore between posi­ tions or interested in w ork­ ing only a day, a week or a month, we can help. Ac- countemps is a temporary personnel service for Ac­ countants and Bookkeepers and Dataprocessing. 

 a c c o u n C w f i p s 
Div. Robert Holf Personnel 
Agencies, 
* 3 4 o First Not'! Bonk Bldg 
736-2467 

Advance life Insurance 
Sales Representative 
Lorge Southern hosed lite insur o n c e c o m p a n y is s e e k in g in d iv id u a l* w ith p ension a nd es tate-pianning experience to lend technical support to our agency force in Southeast T e x a s . C LU p re fe rre d . S a la ry , bonus, com pony c a r. P le a s e send re s u m e to S O U T H E R N F A R M B U R E A U 
L IF E IN S U R A N C E CO P O. Box 
78. J ackson. M is s is s ip p i 392o5, 
A tt: W illia m H. R is h e r, o r c all collect 6o2-355-3421 

A G E N TS 
Redecorated established location w ill fill 2 desks. N ew ly licensed learn alt fields et real estate 
M AC R E A L E S T A T E 828 2321 
A G G R E S S IV E S A L E S P E R S O N needed, experience a m ust G reat job w ith fle x ib le h o u rs if you qualify. D raw 4- com m Apply 434 
S. M ain Suite 2o5 

SO? SMS 

A P R O F E S S IO N A L P A Y C H E C K for a professional job w ell done 
Sell fine homes in San Antonio, full o r p a r t-t im e • no e x p e r ie n c e needed, lf you have a year of col lege, or ore to k in g (o r p lan to ta k e) a Real E state course, or ore licensed, we d like to talk to you 
Form al trainin g school + on-the job tr a in in g . W e s p e c ia liz e in buyers com ing in from out of town who m ake a decision in 1-3 days 
Don't be a fra id to call a m anager now 
IN T E R S T A T E 828 o755 tit 8 pm 

AREA SALES $ 8 o o + 
R e fin e r y 
E n g in e e r , 
BS in S 
S W 'M ilitary 522-2711 Job chem ical engineering, re fo rm e r 
E xperts lnc _Plgc«m ent S ervice e x p e rie n c e p r e fe r r e d 
P le a s e send resum e to Sigm or R efining 
Co., PO Box 49o, T h re e R iv ers , 
T X 78o71. Attn: Plant M a n a g er 

Professional^ E xecutive 
Consultants Int'l 
P er sonnet Consultants 
6243 IH IO. Suite 44o 
512-736 2263 

RICH ond ASSO C IA TES 
E m plovm ent Service 
684o-A San Pedro 826-o661 
S O U TH W E S T T E X A S 
STATE U N IV E R S IT Y 
Position 
D irecto r 
Of Com puting Services 
C o o rd in a te a it U n iv e rs ity com 
I puler operations and production j in the cen tral c o m p u te r c e n te r, j a d m in is tr a tiv e p r o g r a m m in g d e p a rtm e n t, and the a c a d e m ic c o m p u te r lo b 
A c c o m p lis h 

 placem ent agency. 
M A N A G E R T R A IN E E *625 + 
C a re e r m inded , bonus, n atio n al com pany, call 
Carol 
Crisp, 
657-1123 
Snelling A Snelling E m p lo ym e n t 
Service 82o3 Rough R ider________ 

CAIL J3S -1666 

P E R M A N E N T 
E M P L O Y M E N T 
FOR 
M a tu re , dependable person w ith old e s ta b lis h e d m a p p in g c o m ­ pony. K now ledge of a b s tra c tin g title expereince, and court house records search required. Ne sales w ork invo lved. M ust h a ve good c a r ond fre e to tra v e l. 2 yrs or m o re of c o lle g e o r e q u iv a le n t re q u ire d 
S a la ry , expenses ond car allow ance 4- e xc elle n t co m ­ pany benefits. Must be bondable 
S en d r e s u m e c o m p le te w ith re fere n c es to PO Box 21o1 San 
Antonio 78297 
E qual opportunity 
.employec m f 
_ 

Position A vailable 
S O U TH W E S T T E X A S 
S TA TE U N IV E R S IT Y 
P art-T im e Assistant D ire cto r 
Of Recreational Sports and P ort Tim e PE Instructor 
O ne y e a r only (1977-78 school y e a r ) 
C o o rd in a te th e fe m a le s tru c tu red in tra m u ra l a c tiv itie s and teach a holf load of Phys Ed lo n g -ra n g e p la n n in g to in c lu d e activity classes. M asters D egree a c q u is itio n of o il U n iv e r s it y in PE or recreation . K now ledge s o ftw a re a n d h a r d w a r e . M a y and experience in the structured . 
’ “S S ? ," o-* ® r * f r u n s tru c tu re d , a nd c lu b sp o rts 
R E Q U IR E M E N T S . M a s te r t De program s 
E xp and c ertific a tio n 
9 r ee (p re fe re n c e for P H D ) 
E x ­ in te a c h in g th e fo llo w in g P E 
P e rio n c e in both te a c h in g a nd courses: Canoeing, A rc h ery , God m a n a g e m e n t of a c o m p u tin g ond Tennis 
A p p ly b e fo re M a y c e n te r Is .highly p re fe rre d . One 

 im m e d ia te opening toW m a tu re s a le s p e rs o n , fu ll t i m e , c a ll 
222-22o8, S and S Tuxedo Rentals 

18,1977, to: 
M r. Ed Boney 
O ir., Rec Sports 
Rec Sports O ffice 
SWTSU 
San M arco s,Texas 78666 

SW TSU IS AN A F F IR M A T IV E 
A C T IO N -E Q U A L O P P O R T U N I­ 
T Y E M P L O Y E R _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ 

CALL 225 -1 66 6 

 year in business pro g ram m in g or 
A D P d e v e lo p m e n t 
A v a ila b le 
S e p te m b e r I , 1977 
S A L A R Y : 
*24,324 (M a x im u m of 526,892 tor outstanding qualifications includ m g P h d ). A P P L IC A T IO N S . D i­ re cto r of P ers o n n e l, S outhw est 
Texas State U niversity, San M a r cos, Texas 78666 D eadline 
June 
5, 1977. S outhw est T e x o s S tate 
U n iv ers ity is on A ffirm a tiv e Ac- lion Equal Opportunity E m plo yer 

AS S IS TA N T B U Y E R F E E P A ID 
D e g re e , o u tg o in g p e r s o n a lity , 
*1o,ooo+ Call Ethel 349-3541 
S H A R P E Personnel S ervice 
6322 Sovereign Dr..Suite 14o 

Assistant Manager led io te opening to r m o so n , fu ll ond S Tuxi 

AVON 

G IV E Y O U R S E L F A R A IS E 

You con do it bv k ee p in g your reguior mb and selling Avon, too. 
It s easy w h en y o u 're s e llin g q u a lity pro d u cts on y o u r tim e 
Call now: 226-o941. 

RETAIL SALES 

FULL & PART TIME 

For 5 1 6 E. Houston 
& South Park M all 

G eneral N u tritio n Center Inc., the co u n try's .leading H ealth 
A N u tritio n Retailer, is accepting app lica tions fo r fu ll and port tim e em ploym ent m Retail Soles and M anagem ent 
G N C is a very special com pony and we w ant to a ttra c t some very special people to loin our rapid ly g row ing o rganization 
O ver 2 o o new stores were opened during the last three years, and over 2 o o o very special people ' have joined our reta il team . You m ay q u a lify if you m eet the fo llo w in g requirem ent*: 

• Desire to learn about 

Health Foods— 
Vitamins 

• Good appearance 

• Soles oriented 

• Friendly outgoing 

 personality 

• Desire to help others 

• Success m otivated 

 lf the above profile p re tty w ell describes you, then we re sure to be o f interest to one ano ther W e o ffe r excellent wages and incentive plans, as w e ll as form al trainin g seminars on a continuing basis 
Prom otions ore readily a vailab le, os our grow th is protected of a fantastic rate 
H ospitalization, paid vacations, holida ys, p ro fit sharing, ond em ployee discounts are just o few o f the benefits th a t are o ffe re d w ith a career a t G N C 

Equal O o p o rtu n ity Em ployer M F 

Apply in person 

General Nutrition Center 

Central Park Mall IO am-6 pm 

Applications ore also being accepted for m anager position in Son A ntonio & Laredo 

HONEST. . . 

1. $1oo $2oo per day avg. commission 

2. No com petition. 

3. Daytime selling to local businesses. 

4. We offer group insurance. 

5. $12oo guaranteed firs t month. 

NO PHONY RUN-AROUNDS 

TOTAL INFORMATION BY PHONE 

CALL M R . GOLD 

M on . A Tues. 9 A M -5 P M 

7 3 2 - 5 1 4 1 

APPLIANCE SALES 

W e hove on opening for a person interested in making money in o p erm an ent position. 
Sales experience helpful, but not necessary, as w e will train you. 

W e ore an established firm selling A m erica s best appliance lines en d o ffe r top co m ­ mission, good d raw insurance benefits ond other incentives. 

APPLY IN PERSON 
1 o 2 7 N E LOOP 4 1 o 

EDUCATIONAL SALES 

We hove an outstanding opportunity for on experienced, pm fesaonal sales person, or will train administrator/teacher wishing to embark on a soles career with a leading educational publisher, sell mg well known reading and other curriculum materials to schools, libraries ond other educational institutions in Southern Texos Post hon available September I, 1977 (ompletely protected territory 
Permanent position Draw against high rommissions, insurance, other benefits 
All responses confidential 
Reply with FULL biographical data Include telephone contort Write 
EXPRESS-NEWS BOX 4512 
San Antonio, Texas 7 8 2 9 7 

An {q u al O p p o rtu n ity em ployer 

REAL ESTATE CAREER NIGHT 
For Men and Women 
Wednesday, Moy 18, 7:3o P.M 
81o7 Roughrider (across fro m Roosevelt High) 
COME JOIN THE LEADER 
• (am e meet our top salespeople ond m anagerial Staff 
• Hear how Red Corpet offices sell) a home every 5 minutes of 

 every working day 
• No blue sky! We w ill talk just actual performance 

 lf you have the desire, we w ill provide the rest. 

Please coll your reservations to 
6 5 3 -6 3 6 4 
R e f r e s h m e n t * w i ll b e s e r v e d 

 red carpet 

R 
E 
A 
L 
T 
O 
R 
S 

CHALLENGE AND RESPONSIBILITY 

Uottn. Im is o Dynamic Maim manufacturer t il Business Foims An 

 nuol soles of $7o(1ooo,ooo We ore people oriented, with excellent np 

 portimities for personal and professional growth for the rtqht in 

 dividual 
WE OFFER... 

Excellent earnings. Salary Dins commission, health and life insurance, 

 retirement plan, but most importantly, we offer th* challenge of 

 becoming an integral part in th* continued growth of o successful 

 compony 
WE REQUIRE... 

A significant record of achievement, stable personal and employment 

 history A sense of urgency, hbe ability to deol with people at all 

 levels, from the corporation president to the warehouseman 

For fu rth e r in fo rm a tio n 

 call M r. T an n er, 2 2 4 -5 5 3 8 

FARMERS INSURANCE GROUP 

WHY WAIT TILL TOMORROW? 

Let us show you to d a y th a t__ 

You con learn our business 

★ M ake more m oney tk Bo successful in a rewording career 

■A Continue present job while starting your own agency on a port time basis 

★ Training ond supplies furnished 
A- Available locations in Son Antonio, 
San M arcos and Fredericksburg 
★ N o investment 
For com plete details call 
Charles Manley at 656~3?66 

REAL ESTATE SALES 

The Son Pedro office of Red Carpet Realtors has on im mediate opportunity for o soles associate The surressful applicant will have I or more years experience in Real 
[stote Soles ond must hove the ability to 
Ar C o m m u n ica te E ffic tiv e ly tr M o n ito r C usto m er N eeds 

* P roduce C o n sid e ra b le R esults 

Red Corpet Realtors con offer the professional growth ond odvoncement opportunities you re looking for in addition to on excellent commission structure 
Coll D a v id M c G ilv re y , M a n a g e r, A n y tim e 
4 9 4 -5 2 2 1 

TELEPHONE SALES 

W e need 3 o good people willing to w ork and to 

 learn the Telephone Sales Profession 

No Experience —- W e Train 
Free Parking — On Bus Line 

S a la ry + Bonus 

2 2 5 - 2 8 1 9 
M r. A lbert 

An Equal O p p o rtu n ity E m p lo ye r 

MARKETING/SALES 
REALTY WORLD— 
SAN A N T O N IO DISTRICT OFFICE 

 bos on opening lor Mnrketmg Hep with desire ond ability to rom $24,ooo in 
$48,ooo onnuol commission sailing proven fronrhise Progrom to estobhsh.d 
Real {stole Offires Strong soles burkqround with good frock re to ld required 
Company training and benefits for confidential interview, tall collect 

Jerry W . Tolbert 

R o g io n a l D ir e c to r 

(7 1 3 )6 2 2 -3 9 o 1 

"or a p p ly to: 
Wayne Flanagan, San Antonio District Office 

84 N.E. LOOP 41o 
( 5 1 2 ) 3 4 9 - o 1 6 8 

REALTY WORLD 

NATIONAL 

CORPORATION 
Seeking sales person with drive and 
Initiative, o self starter, and obi# to effectively ozonize their time lf you ore looking for a roreer and not a JOB, we would like to discus* your opportunity with our firm full 

 training program, ba*e income up to 
$12oo per month and fringe benefit progrom provided for confidential interview, call George K Wilcox, lr 

Between 8:3o ond 12 Noon 
Mon., Tues., and Wed. 
(512) 135-47o7 

A positive progressive 
Req! 
[stole compony r* looking for agents who desire monoge ment who will back them up with training and personal ot tendon licensed or we will sponsor for license 

Call LORIN STINER 

o96-992o 
HOHFNBFRGFR- 
COlllNS CO. 

 w f m 

FLOOR COVERING SALES 
Hove need ot 2 q u a lifie d floor) 
I covering *o le * person - I retail! 
I sole* in store • I contract sole* (nj field Both m u tt hove experience i and reference* Coll 734 43o3 for) 
I PPPt Keller Corpet* 

B 
P 
B 
P 
O 
O 
C ~ o o 
I 

 f 
¥ 
¥ 
¥ 
¥ 
¥ 
¥ 
¥ 
¥ A 
* * A A 
♦ 
IN D U S T R IA L 
J 
I 
COUNTER 
* 
J 
SALES 
J 
Selling Pipe, Volves, tool* Drill af. 

F u ll tim e m a tu re s o le * person! needed to sell ort, p ictu re fram es.! on o rtis t s u p p lie s 
E xp e rien c e - re q u ire d 
A p p ly in p e rs o n 67o 
North Star M alt 

SOMETHING 
NEW 
S e ll n e w 
B r ita n n ic a 3 over-the-counter in 
Montgomery Ward Store* 
IN-STORE SALES 
NO TRAVELING 
NO CANVASSING 
HIGH COMMISSIONS 
BONUSES 
Great opportunity for the right sole* people 
EAGER FOR 
SOMETHING NEW? 
732-21o5 

SALES REP 

Multi billion SS nation­ wide marketing co hat 
’ 2 opening* for college- educated individual* to work with local univers­ ity students on a I to I boti*. Excellent storting income, bonus, co. paid training, no travel. 

736-4376 

COLLEGE STUDENTS 
S um m er w o rk, free to w ork all s u m m e r 
S16o p e r w e e k , c a r necessary. 
For appt coll 
M r. 
Webb 

________ 226-5221 

SALES OPPORTUNITY 

We are looking for people in 

 forested in pursuing o career in 

REAL ESTATE 
We offer on ex­ 

 cellent commission schedule, plus 

 extensive compony wide training. 

Call for on interview. 
3 |4 - 6 2 o ? 

OWENS CO. 
REALTORS— M U 

N. WEST OFC. 

GROW WITH US 
M E N A N D W O M E N 
*3oo P E R W E E K 
W ill train • unusual opportunity 
C a ll G r e g o r B o r t 349 42 19/ 
349 4397 (d g y t) 6*6 2777 (e v es ) j 
H A V E O P E N I N G for well g r o o m e d i n d i v i d u a l to: represent one of San Anton i 
(O’* hme owned, well estab fished, well res p e c te d ser vice institutions. A ge, nor e d u c a tio n not big facto r,! soles b a c k g ro u n d helpful 
Not insurance, for appoint ment call 225-5731, evenings 
828 3437. L o rry E i d e _______ 
H I H E R B E C K R E A L T Y , INC 
____________ _______________________ Needs full ond p o rt tim e agents to) 
E x m in is te rs , s ch o o l te a c h e r s tto tt it's D ellvlew office. For de w ho e n jo y c o llin g on o th e r toil* coll H.J H erbeck 349 1479 p r o fe s s io n a l p e o p le w ith a 
Im m e d ia te o p e n in g fo r e x p e r p ro fe s s io n a l p r o d u c t. 
C a ll fe n c e d soles person w ith a tire 
349-168o o fte r J fo r an a p p o in t s erv ice b a c k g ro u n d 
E m phasis: ment. You don't sell or collect on e q u ip m e n t 
R e tr e a d B ock 
E X P E R IE N C E D ground d e sira b le 
Send resum e 
S A L E S P E R S O N and salary histrov to box no 4416. 
F o r w h o le s a le r of flo w e r * ond 
Express ond News. 78297_________ greens to florists, colt 349 2728 
. . . » 
INSIDE SALES $ 6 3 5 + s a la ry fo r e n try le v e l, c o lle g e helpful, but w illingness to expone with great bus p re ! 
Coll Louis 
457 12)2 
Bonner Personnel S ervice Eost 
85oo V illage O r a t Loop 4)OE 

Bits and reloted Industrial items. 
• Experience required 
• Hourly wag* 
• Commission 

• Fringe benefits 
For appointment coll 

{Ilia Spenrath 
223-18o1, ext. 477 
THE PERRY 
SHANKLE CO. 

Equal Opportunity Employer 

E xperienced T ire S alesm an ond 
Experienced Shoe D ept M a n a g er 
E xc e lle n t benefits, high s to rtin g pay Apply in person only 2643 NW 
Looo 
41o. 
Eauol opportunity em ployer_____________ 

E X P . SALES PERSON 
*55o IN S P E C T O R e xp e rien c e oi w ill tr a in * E x c it in g t 
Lee) 
732-2191, 25o1 W e s t A v e . J o b * 
North Inc P ersonnel Consultants 
Iv vou a re pursuing a c a re e r in) 
Real Estate and a re looking for on cem ent opportunity, good s ala ry, ooportunity to grow w ith a young 

__________ 
W e need M M I penult- w h o io n be 
C O N S T R U C T IO N E O 
U i P M 
E N T , l | r f t t j S | e | M g M 
M 
H / tra in e d as ie w e le ry d e p t m an 
S A LE S, south central Texas te r-| i a g e r s . W e o ffe r r a p id a d v a n r ito r y . G ood m a rk e t, e x c e lle n t1 
E M P L O Y M E N T C O U N S E LO R lines. Som e e x p e rie n c e in con 
D u e to e x p a n s io n w ith in o u r j P °'P vocation and holidays, group p ro g re s s iv e o r g a n iz a tio n then struction or sales required. Send agency, we seek a c are er m inded, hospital end free life in su ra n c e, call g ,fs num ber today tor on ap resu m e to G ira rd M a c h in e ry A sales m otivated neat individual to stock o ru c h as e d a n a n d re tie pointm en! - 734-1334 G E C U Realty 
Supply Co Box 2131o San Antonio, fit into our new Southeast loco e m en t pion. A pply in p e rio n to corporation 
Tx 78221 tion 
This nosition c a rrie s a hi 
M r Tripp 
' 

COUPON AGENTS 
333-8677 ofter 8pm 

C ALL M A Y 16 Only - Wish to train s h a r p h o m e m a k e r to i n t e r v i e w h ire and s u p ervise Tov D em on s ta to rs p a rt tim e July - Dec Ex c e ile d in-hom e incom e 
F o rm e r teaching, business or p a rty plan background helpful • Call Shoron 
R e m e r o fte r 1 :o o P M M o n d a y 
M a y 16 Only • 226-4361 
TO YS A N D G IF T S 
HO USE O F L L O Y D 

IN THI ( X P e tS S N f W S 
CAIC 2 2 5 1 6 6 6 

EARN $2oo to $4oo 
P E R W E E K 
Wanted salesm en to w ork on ru r al route 
N eat appearance. Must hove cor w e POV vou 53o per day on training days We have several o p e n in g s 
See J im M c C a r r , 
How ord Johnson Motel, N 1H-35. 

O N A W A N T AD 
TMI N U M 8 I R TO CACC 
IS 2 2 5 1 6 6 6 f XPBfSS ANO N f W S 

 tion 
This position c a rrie s a bi - j m o n th ly d r a w a g a in s t a 4o% ! c o m m is s io n + bonuses w ith a 
SHOO m onth p o te n tia l 
W e w ill) tra in and m otivate a sincere p e r­ son 
P lease coll for appointm ent! 
923-4369, D r F ie ld e r Jobs South 
P lacem ent 
Service 
413 
SW 
M ilita ry 
! 
E xciting opening with a growing 
N otion al C om m odities F irm , Po sition requires oggretsslve sales skills but not necessarily in this 

MALES OR FEMALES 
Telephone solicitors, qucranteed) salary, plus w ee k ly bonuses j 
734 27S4. 
M A N A G E R T R A IN E E c 
,Radlo Sh° c,( opening for col c o m m is s io n s o re h ig h e r th e n 
,e 9o g r a d u a te s in s to r e m o n e v e r . NO in v e s tm e n t! F R E E 
, r °in .n g 
P o g ro m e q u ip m e n t! F R E E t r a in in g i S s l i ___________________________ p r o g r o m ! 
F R E E 
S h o e s ! M ature, experienced ru ra l route fie ld 
W e w ilt tu lip tr n in n . d ! •"♦•re s te d ? W rite H E 
M o g n e r, sates person tor w holesale floral license^you. IF » u o r t looking for KnaDC Shoes' 3o4 KnaDD Ce" ,r e ' com pony p e rm a n e n t A pply 24o 
N ew and B ig g e r o p p o rtu n itie s , p le a s e c o ll E co n o m ic S ystem s 
C o m m o d itie s Inc 
Ask fo r M r 
R eid, 826-2325. 
I 

United Jewelers and Distributors 
W IN D SO R P A R K M A L L 
F IV E D O LLA R S AN H O UR 
K napp Shoe p a rt-tim e salesm en 

Brockton. M assachusetts o24o1 
W Josephine 
THC N U M B tR TO C A I I 
IS * 2 » - T 6 6 6 
( X PBI SS ANO N f W S 

Must be linguistically w ell versed in English, French and G erm a n 
224 o282 

{ 

6o?- SKIES 
6o2-SALES 
16o4-TECHNICAL 
6o4 TECHNICAL 

[We wont your yellow pages, Polk directory background Our $4o,ooo an- 
I nuo! commission soles representatives have hod your background 

WE OFFER: 
$ 6 o o -$ 8 o o w ee k ly 
31 y e a r old com pany 
Proven renew al 
1 o o % advance commission 
Insurance/com pany benefits 

Call Pat, toll free 
1 -8 o o -3 2 7 -8 3 2 6 j Kamper-Gide Directory 
Walt Peabody Advertising Service inc 

LEASING AGENT 
FOR OFFICE PARK 

Must have successful office leasing background. 
Remuneration is negoti­ able. Located in Northwest section of the City. For additional inform ation 
Call 7 3 2 -1 1 3 1 

Equal O p p o rtu n ity Em ployer 

MATERIALS CONTROL 
PLANNER 

Make Your Future With the Leader 
An opening exists at Datapoint's San Antonio facilities for a qualified materials controls planner. 
Duties will include analysis of spares inventory, establishing and maintaining spares inventory and making recommendations for the distribution of spares to our customer service representatives nationwide. Applicants should have one to two years background in electronics inventory control and expediting, or related experience. 
This position offers competitive pay and ben­ efits, a good working environment and the oppor­ tunity for management advancement. Send resume in confidence to: 
Manager of Employee Relations, 
Datapoint Corporation, 9725 Datapoint Drive, 
San Antonio, Texas 78284. 

An Affirmative Act*)** Efn&HtfW Committor? to I Quat O p po rtun e 
DATA 1X31 NT CORPORATION 
D 

The leader in dispersed data processing/ 

6oS SECRETARIAL 
San Antonio EXPRESS-NEW S— Sunday M ay 15 1 9 7 7 
Pa g e I 6 -D 

FIELD 
MANAGER 
TRAINEE 

Management position con be yours after 3 months specialized training. Earn 
515,ooo-535,ooo year in management. We will send you to school for 2 weeks. 
Expenses paid. Train you in the field selling and servic­ ing established accounts. 
21 or over. Have car, be bondable, ambitious and sports minded. San Antonio area only. For this unusual opportunity only qualified people need apply 
Hospitalization and pens­ ion plan. 

For Interview 
Only Call 

KEN VENUSO 
828-9o31 
Mon.Jues. & Wed. 
9AM-6PM 

Equal Opportunity Employer 

SPORTS- 
MINDED* 
Sales O p p o rtu n ity 

 torn St5,ooo S18,ooo first year 
National sales firm. seeking on I outstanding person for the I greater Son Antonio area. Ex­ cellent diow plus libero! tom- mission and semiannual bonus. 
Profit shoring plus excellent benefit package. Previous soles experience 
Ho evening sales., 
(all 

M r. Bitt C orbin 
(6 1 5 ) 3 8 4 - 8 7 7 5 
Sunday 5 -9 P M 
A ll d a y M o n . & Tues. 

I * 
> 
4 
* 
4 
: 4 
1 4 
* 

 i i 

CAREER SALES 
OPPORTUNITY 

A sports minded in­ dividual to represent our national sales company in vouth o rie n te d m a rke t 

525,ooo first year. Profit 
J sharing, fringe benefits. 
^ Our representatives earn 
4 trips to Florida, Bahamas, 
4 Las Vegas, Acapulco. No 
J overnight travel or night 
■$. work. Previous sales ex- 
4 perience and two years 
4 college preferred. AAAI D 
* & B rating. 
Call 
Jack 
I Rauch 615 384-8856 on 
4- Sun. I to 9, Mon. 
4 Tues. 9 to 6. and 

MANUFACTURING SUPERVISOR 

Make Your Future with the Leader 

We have an immediate opening for a manufac­ turing supervisor. Seeking an individual with a substantial technical background and seven to ten years industrial experience in the data processing field. This individual will supervise the assembly and checkout of a wide variety o f electronic and electro-mechanical equipment. 
O nly individuals with above qualifications will be considered. Ex­ cellent compensation and benefits. 

Apply in person to the Personnel Department, 
Datapoint Corporation, 97 35 Datapoint Drive, 
San Antonio, Texas 78284. 

An Affirmative Actine Employer Committed to tquai Opportunity 
DATAfXTINT CORPORATION 
D 

The leader in dispersed data processing 

SECRETARY 
Fox Photo has a position open fo r an experienced 
S ecretory in our corporate offices. 
M ust have the fo llo w in g skills: 

• Type 55 W PM 
• Tape D ictation 

E xcellent w orking con­ ditions and benefits. O ffic e w ill soon be relocated at 
8 7 5 o Tesoro Dr. 

For appointm ent call: 
Carole Koepp 
226-6311, ext. 272 

Equal Opportunity Employer 

SECRETARY 

Filing and clerical ex­ perience necessary. Good appearance with ability to meet people. 

Previous experience as a secretary for on ad­ vertising agency preferred. 
Salary based on ex­ perience 
Call 6 5 4 -1 2 1 1 for appt. 

SECRETARY 
Filing and clerical ex­ perience necessary 8:3o-5 
Mon.-' Fri 

Salary negotiable 
1 

Call for appt. 
7 3 3 -9 1 6 7 

W a ck e n h u t Corp i 
4318 Woodcock Dr. 
Suite 1o1 equal opportunity employer i 

61o • OFFICE 6 CLERICAL 
61o OFFICE I CLERICAL 
61o OFFICE 6 CLERICAL 
S IB -PEACES CLERICAL 
Kin OFFICES CLERICAL 

SALES TRAINEES 

Immediate openings for mature salesperson to sell quality jewelry. 
Previous experience in jewelry soles desirable Training salary will be S375 monthly 

OFFICE ASSISTANT 

Must be accurate typist, have good personality and appearance light 
Bookeepeing. 

Call for an appointment 
6 5 4 - 1 8 7 1 

CARIBE DIAMOND SALON 
W indsor P ark M a ll 

ADMINISTRATIVE - 
FINANCIAL 

6o6 ADMINISTRATIVE 
FINANCIAL 

 r 
8" 
- 
" 
" 
" 
EXECUTIVE SECRETARY 
Good shorthand and typing skills needed for established in­ dependent oil company IBM Ex­ ecutive typewriter Receptionist and telephone answering duties 
Other general office jobs as required. Salary com­ mensurate with ability ond ex­ perience. 5 day week. Oown- 

EXPERIENCED 
S A L E S P E R S O N 
Fashionable mens clothing store located in North Star 
Mall is looking for a sales oriented individual desiring a lucrative sales position 
This is an excellent op­ portunity for the person who is pursuing a secure future in a store that is in­ creasing its volume every month Contact 
M r. K lein 
3 4 9 - 6 4 6 4 

Need 2 sharp ladies start soon. 
Coll Sharon Renter a fte r I OO 
May 16 ■ 224-43o1._______________ 

OWN YOUR OWN AGENCY 
Train with the T ra v e le r’s Insur­ ance Company tor 37 months to become a multi-line independent agent. Call M r. Branch 225-7661. 
Equal opportunity employer M F 

S3 PER HOUR PLUS commission to start, catting on our customers. Car necessary. 
Must be neat and clean-cut 
494 5812 

REAL ESTATE SALES 

W» a rt accepting applications tor our soon-to-op«n Walzem 
Rood Office. Extensive in-house training program. 
For con­ fidential interview coll 
Ned 
Telshaw a t 494-7651 

 i w 
& v s 
S 
. 

 m iK X H - MI TIMO or TWAT .. 

A f f 
• t n t 
I t i l l 

PROFESSIONAL 
SALES 

$ 1 4 , o o o - 5 2 o , o o o 
P o te n tia l 
Outside sales experience necessary, we will train in our field, all good closers considered. 
Expenses furnished while training Prequalified appts. set for you 
C a ll M r. D ix o n 

2 2 7 - 5 o 5 1 

SALES-RETAIL 
Part time tor mature individuals, pleasant working conditions, ap­ ply Evensong Hallm ark Cards, 
J I Windsor Park 
SCHOOL TEACHERS 
Earn from $1,ooo to $2,ooo for ll days work starting June 24-Julv 4. 
Write Mr. W Fireworks Inc., PO 
Box 114, Somerset, TX 78o49 

REAL ESTATE 
TRAINING SCHOOL 
FR EE-tor individuals Interested in a career in real estate. 681-o66o. 

REO CARPET 
REAL E S T A T E 
I 
N E E D 
T W O 
F U L L 
T I M E 
A G E N T S T H A T N E E D A N IN 
C O M E IN E X C E S S O F SIS,OOO 
P ER Y E A R 736-4426 
B E A N I E 
O W E N S 
CO. 
___________ R E A L T O R S ________ 

SALES, degree or college, for mkg.co. $1o,2oo plus comm, Fee 
Reimbursed 
Century Placement Service 
I S3 W Century Bldg 349-1373 
SALES, degree or college, tor mkg.co. SIO,2oo plus comm. Fee 
Reimbursed 
Century Placement Service 
IS3 W Century Bldg 349-1373 

Sales & Mom! Trainee 
E xcellent opportunity to learn family shoe business and advance to oosition of responsibility New stores ottering growth and secur­ ity. Expericence not necessary. 
Good salary and com m ission, liberal company benefits. Apply 
Thom McAn Stores: 228 North 
S tar M all, 8oo SW M ilita ry Dr, 
|231o South P a rk M a ll, HS Las 
Palm as Shopping C e n te r, 91o 
McCreless Plaza on Monday and 
Tu e sd ay b etw een lla m -4 p m . 
Equal opportunity employer 

SALES OPPORTUNITY g l o b e m a s t e r t o o l c o 
<s selling your profession? Build a lasting career with us selling new land servicing estab lis h ed a c - j icounts in a protected territo ry. iOutstonding com m ission with draw to start. Must have depen- 1 idoble car ond be bondable For 
{personal in te rv ie w c a ll D ave 
Morrison beginning M onday at 
LoQumto East 512-828-o781 

'L eadin g costum e je w e lry wholesaler otters excellent posi­ tio n for individual. Join a pro­ g ressive sales fo rc e to cover 
T e x a s , O lka and A rk a n s a s . 
Seeking candidate with retail or sales background who has know­ ledge of v a rie ty , discount and specialty store markets. Must be s e lf-s ta rte r, a g g re s s iv e and willing to travel. Excellent com sen satio n in c lu d in g s a la ry . comm., car and travel expenses. 
It you are a sales builder send resume to: Superior Jew elry & 
Novelty Co., 2oS W.4th St. Cincin­ nati, Ohio 452o2 

SOUTHSIDE 
Sales a re good, I need 2 or 3 licensed salespeople for new of­ fice to service Harlandale, Bel­ laire and other areas Call tor more Information, 924-4253 
Century 21 
W AK EFIELD REALTORS 
START NOW Locol company ex ! 
I punding sales force. $2oo 54oo per 
; week after training. Rapid ad- I 
I vancement to m anagem ent s ta -1 i tus. Need transportation. P a rt ; 
; time welcome. Not insurance or ! land soles Coll Don 349-4398 
I T E A C H E R S , 
E X E C U T IV E S 
! 51o5o-set own hours $Rewarding$, 
Lee 732-2191, 25o1 West Ave. Jobs i North Inc. Personnel Consultants. 

D f l l V 
K 
E 
D 
T 
I A 
H 
I 
M S 
WW 1LJP BO I C T C ■ 
V f l f f L r 
PERSONNEL AGENCIES suit* 34o o f S an A n to n io , Inc. first National Bank Bldg. 
San Antonio, texas 782o1 
(51?) 736 2467 

P A R T IA L LIS T IN G 
ASSISTANT ADMINISTRATOR......................... $23,ooo 
5oo bed hospital and large outpatient clinic. Supervise 8o. 
Strong mgr. with acctg. bkgrnd. 

PLANT CONTROLLER.................................... 
$2o,ooo 
Need plant acctg. skills ond cost bkgrnd. Some EDP knowledge helpful. Must like rural living. Good fishing and hunting area. 

AUDITOR CPA................................................ 
$16,ooo financial and/or operational audits. 
Manufacturing bkgrnd. High level analytical & communication skills. High mgmt visibility. 

CONTROLLER CPA.................................... lo $25,ooo 
National public firm bkgrnd preferred. Strong tax. Prior real estate and construction a plus. Aggressive. 

DOS SYSTEMS PROGRAMMER.......................$22,ooo 
Support TP under BTAM. 36o/5o DoS/VS with POWER, 
TOTAL or some OB exp very desirable. 

DATABASE ANALYST.................................... to $22,ooo 
Database exp in IMS, TOTAL, ADABASE, ENVIRON I or other necessary. 36o/5o and 36o/65 plus minis. 

APL ANALYST................................................ 
$25,ooo 
Acctg. degree reqd. 37o/165/168 oS/MVS Two yrs min exp preferably on IBM time - sharing. Will develop finan­ cial systems 

SYSTEMS ANALYST/PROGRAMMER 
$2o,4oo 
Degree reqd. - eng preferred. 2-1o yrs IBM exp desired. 
Must have two or more: PERT/CPM, PU, FORTRAN, COBOL, scheduling, finance exp. Scientific progrmg bkgrnd OK. 

We Protect Candidate's Confidential Search. 

•* 
NO CONTRACTS-- 
NEVER A FEE TO APPLICANT 
WORLDS L AWOL ST H N A N C lA L A L O P E M P L O Y M E N T SP E C IA LIS TS 
Over SO OttiCB* United Suits C*n«d» A Great ■»<*•»* 

 a 

 i 

 a 

 a 
1 ^ 2 2 6 - 8 3 8 

YOU ARE OUR KIND OF PEOPLE 

Even though you may not see the exact position you ore looking for in these ads does not mean that we can't help you get a job or change posi­ tion for the betterment of your career. Call and discuss your needs with us 
— we are here to help you. 

Office hours 8:3o to 5:oo or a fte r hours by appointm ent. 
18oo NE LOOP 4 1 o /6 2 4 3 IH IO 

OIL & GAS SECRETARY.. .A chance to join this benefit minded corporation. Earn and learn the fastest growing industry on today s market. Fee Paid. Coll Maggie, 732-8141 — $65o 

ZERO IN ON THIS! A good background in all aspects of banking will land this supervisory position. Join this winning team now. Fee Paid. Cal! Denise, 732-8141 ....................... $8oo 

PRESSURE SPOT.. As the President’s Secretary. Use all of your top skills and enjoy the super 

 offices and benefits. Fee Paid. Coll Barbara, 732-8141................................................ 
$75o 

TELEPHONE PERSONALITY.. .A must is the professional and personable telephone manner to deal with the valued clients of this company. A good memory and typing are requested. 
Fee Paid. Call Frankie, 828-3161 ................................................................................... $55o 

OFFICE MANAGER.. .Your excellent business background and polished skills make you o candidate for this Northside trim. You will assume overall responsibility for entire office. Ex­ cellent benefits. Coll Sharon, 828-3161..................................................................... $6oo + 

CAN YOU SMILE?.. .Show it in your phone personality and you ore the candidate this com­ pany is in need of. Good company benefits that include profit sharing and other plus factors. 
Lite accurate typing needed. Fee Paid. Call Joyce, 828-3161........................................ $55o 

TYPIST.. .The accurate typist with an ability to work with numbers con secure on outstanding opportunity to join a rapidly expanding firm in the oil and gas business. Super nice office and staff. Fee Paid. Call Frankie, 828-3161............ $5oo 

KEEPER OF THE KEY.. .Will be your new position as office manager for this NS mfg com­ pany. A congenial staff will welcome your knowledge and experience of office procedures. 
Good bookkeeping and typing requested. Fee Negotiable. Call Joyce, 828-3161.......... $7oo 

SPARKLE & SHINE.. .As the administrative assistant to our new and most congenial client. 
Impress him with your super skills and move into running his office. 
Call Barbara, 732-8141 .................................................................................................. $6oo 

DO WHAT COMES NATURALLY.. .With your secretarial skills and make this company's president happy. New Offices, lots of variety. Fee Paid. Call Denise, 732-8141 ............ $75o 

PROPERTY ASSISTANT.. .Take charge and run a busy show. Secretarial and bookkeeping will keep you challenged while enjoying these beautiful NS offices. Fee Paid. Call Maggie, 
732-8141 ....................................................................................................................... $75o 

LEGAL SECRETARY.. .You are right for this spot if you have legal experience and basic business skills. Firm eager to hire. Fee Paid. Call Sharon, 828.-3J6I............................................ Open 
PERSONNEL SERVICE 
W I 
I 
P L 
18oo N.E. Loop 41o 
I 
I 
I m I 
Plaza W e s t Bldg. Suite 4 1 o —-8 2 8 -3 1 6 1 l f 
I W F 1st N a tio n a l Bank Bldg. 
W 
■ ■ 
6243 IH IO Suite 455— 732-8141 wa 
■SSI 
(Conveneint to Wonderland) 

Purchasing Secretary/ 
Accounting Clerk 

Works in Accounting 
8 am to 12 Noon 

Works in Purchasing 
I PM to 5 PM 

• Typing 55 WPM 

• Adding machine and calculator by touch or by sight 

• Involves heavy telephone usage 

Apply in Person 

Personnel Office 

Express/News Corp. 

9 to l l AM, 2 to 4 PM 

An equal opportunity employer 

KELLY GIRL 
NEEDS YOU NOW 

• Long and short term 
• G o o d lo cations 
• Regular Raises 
• Paid Vacations 
S ecretaries 
Typists 
Clerks 
Stat Typists 
Stenos 
M a g Card 

NOT AN AGENCY-NEVER A FEE 

CALL O R C O M E I N 

K e l l y G i r l * 

I A OIVISK 
I 4 6 o 6 
I Suite I 
I 
Equal O 

DIVISION O f KILLY SIR VICES 

C en terv ie w Dr. 
154 
7 3 6 -2 4 5 5 
I Opportunity Employee 

NEED EXPERIENCED 

OFFICE WORKERS 
FOR TEMPORARY JOBS 

Typist, stenographers, key punch operators, -.b o o k­ keepers, general o ffice clerks. 
M ust hove 

 telephone 
NO FEES! 
Apply in person 9om-3pm 

PEAKLOAO, INC. 
51o N. Main 

• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
I 

• KEY PUNCH 
o 
Night 4:3o pm- 
1o:3o pm 
^ 
(day shift 
^ possible-later) 
• 
222-2323 

% 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
£ 

 r CLERK TYPIST 
TEMPORARY WORK, for possibly 2 3 months. Experience necessary, need now, ideal tor college student, facili­ ty for figure work and calculators. 
Must type minimum 6o WPM. $1oo per week—4o hrs., 8 5 Mon. Fri., free parking, apply: 

PEARL BREWING CO. 
312 Pearl Parkwoy Off 17oo 
Blk. Broadway 
Equal Opportunity Employer. 

V 
I 
~ r * 

 town parking provided. 
C all M r. S a rra tt 
2 2 6 -8 3 8 5 fo r appt. 

SECRETARY 

Good office skills re­ 

 quired. New position. 

 a Good benefits. 

M r . M 
( 
Convenience Stores < 

8 o 4 - o 5 8 1 

LEGAL 
SECRETARY 

Minimum experience 2 years on IOMI 
Mag ll (or) equivalent. For medium! size general practice firm. "Salary 
(with benefits) commensurate with , ability and experience. Downtownj location. Submit resume to: 

OFFICE MANAGER 
I SOO NBC Building 
Son Antonio, Tx 782o5 

A 
SECRETARY 
A b ility to ^ to k o ch a rg e c o m p le te o ffic e Functions. 

Company paid benefits 
.a la ry n e g o tia b le d e p e n d in g 
>n p r e v io u s e x p e rie n c e 

A l l P O S IT IO N S FEE P A ID BY EM P L O Y E R 
ACCOUNTS PAYABLE POSITION 
$ 6 o o p e r m o n th s ta r tin g s a la r y 

This position requires that the in d ivid u a l selected have experience, prefera bly 2 or m ore yrs. in accounts payable. O u r client o ffers m edical as w ell as other outstanding fringe benefits. 5 days per week, 4 o hours, northside location. 
COMMERCIAL CASUALTY LIABILITY RATER 
$ 6 o o - $ 6 5 o p e r m o n th s ta r tin g s a la r y 
The in dividual we are seekinq must have a minimum o f I yr. experience as a com ­ m ercial lia b ility rather. This position o ffe rs full m edical, as w e ll as other benefits, 5 day week. 
PERSONAL LINES PROPERTY CASUALTY RATER 
$ 6 5 o - $ 7 o o p e r m o n th s ta r tin g s a la r y . 

This position requires an in dividual w ith a minimum o f 3 yrs. experience in personal lines pro p e rty and casualty. G ro u p m edical insurance and other benefits provided. 5 day, 4 o nr. week. 
INSURANCE RATER TRAINEE 
$ 5 o o - $ 5 5 o p e r m o n th s ta r tin g s a la r y . 
The person selected for this position need not have any experience in the insurance in ­ dustry, we seek only a trainee th a t is sharp and has an a p titu d e fo r mathematics. 5 day week. 

ASSISTANT BOOKKEEPER 
$ 7 o o P e r M o n th S ta r tin g S a la ry 

Duties incluce that o f asst, boo kkeeper w hich conists o f accounts payable, accounts receivable, payroll and other associated responsibilities. Typing o f approx. 4 o wpm w ith accuracy necessary. The in d ivid u a l w e are seeking should have 3 or more yrs. e x­ perience as an asst, bookkeeper. A ll m ajor frin g e benefits included. 5 day week. 

B y A p p o in tm e n t O nly 

© f j u m j j t f n u 
E m j i l n t f n m t t 
1 2 5 9 J a c k s o n K e lle r 
3 4 2 - 2 3 o 1 

CHRYSLER-PIYMOUTH 
CITY 
Needs quality people in its business office. Ex­ cellent advancement op­ portunity in a fast grow­ ing dealership. Must be good with figures. 
Bookkeeping experience helpful. 
7ooo NW LOOP 41o 
684-661o 

EXPERIENCED 
New Accounts 
Clerk 
M ust K now : 

1. BAC & MC Merchant Set-Up 

2. Safe deposit records and access 

3 
Checking accounts 

4 
Savings accounts 

5. Certificates of deposit 

Windsor Park 
Bank 

Coll for appt. 655-3311 
E x t. 1 8 5 

I 

 in person or fo r a p p t. 
Rhoades Transfer 
& Storage 
3o Essex St. 
532-5234 
• q u a l o p p o rtu n ity e m p lo y e r 

A D M IN ASSIST $6oo 
Sharp, good phone voice, you rur show. Call Murvelle 349 3541 
SHARPE Personnel Service 
632? Sovereign D r..Suite 14o 

6o4 TECHNICAL 

TECH. P -8.SK 
Entry level to great future 
Call Gwen 838-6494 
NEW DAY PERSONNEL 
Consultants 9o1 NE Loop 4tO 

TV BENCH TECH and outside service calls Must be experienced. Apply Simpson TV 
934-6682 

P ro f. R esum es, w ritte n and 
Typed. C a ll tor Appt. L in d a 
Brown, 735-3494 all 5pm 

TELEPHONE SALES PERSONS 
Wanted. Experienced, top notch. 
$125-5175 week plus bonuses. Sod selling. 684-4488 
Telephone sales help now availa­ ble 
924-32oo between 9-12, 4-8. 
Monday-Friday 
I T E L E P H O N E W O R K , we w ill 
I train you. Star! today. Pay once a 
{ week 349-4847, 349-4397__________ 
W OULD YOU L IK E TO KNOW 
MORE ABOUT A C A R E E R IN 
I REAL ESTATE AND TH E AD 
V A N TA G E T H A T O N L Y R E D 
C A R P E T CAN O P P E R IN NW 
SAN A N T O N IO ? C A L L BOB 
WANDRISCO 699-1133 FOR CON­ 
FID E N TIA L IN TE R V IE W . 

J E D CARPET 

•YOUR OWN AGENCY* 
Farmers Insurance Group offers complete training program and all types o» insurance Continue present job while starting your own agency on part time basis. 
Training and supplies furnished 
For a confidential interview, con­ tact Sales 
M a n a g e r, J e rry 
McDouqold bv colling 824-7573. 

RELIABLE RESUMES 
W RITTEN REASONABLY 
E con-O -R esources, 42o4 G a r­ dendale, 699-1o15. 

ADMINISTRATIVE - 
FINANCIAL 

CRUDE OIL ACCOUNTANT 

 local company involved in crude oil refining ond marketing of refined products as opening for individual to head up crude oil purchasing area. 

Desire college graduate with one two years experience in crude oil purchasing ond refined product sales 
Supeervisory 
Experience helpful Solory open. 

Please call 

D a v id W a lk e r 

5 1 2 - 3 4 9 - 3 1 7 1 

)•> appointment and interview 

ADM IN SECRETARY typing skills 6owpm, shorthand 
8owpm, requires at least 4 yrs oi responsible secretarial exp. Will substitute college for exp. up to 3 yrs. Excellent working conditions and fringe benefits Good salary and excellent opportunity for cor eer advancement. To apply con tact Em ploym ent Office, Bexar 
County Hosp. Dis!. 45o2 Medical 
Dr. San Antonio 78284 696-3o3o 
Ext 
221. 
Equal opportunity employer 

Campus Secretary $ 5 5 o + college needs secretory, excellent typing + shorthand for perman­ ent exciting dept, position 
Bannet Personnel Service Inc 
7o82 Son Pedro 
824-9441 

College Sec. S 5 S o + 
2 positions at leading school for good s e c re ta rie s , need gooc gram m ar, type 5o, great future 
Cell Claudia 6S7-12I2 
Banner Personnel Service East 
85oo Village Dr. at Loop 41oE 

SECRETARIAL 

Secretary-Bookkeeper needed bv local northside CPA firm , 2 yr; experience required. 828-9o97 
SECRETARY $65o+ FEE PO 
Busy spot, fantastic boss, grea! benefits, public contact, call T e rr 
Todd now! 657-1123 
Snelling & .Snelling Employment 
Service 82o3 Rough Rider 
SECRETARY $65o FEE PD 
Lovely office, key spot, supei boss! Call Malva Black, 657-1123 
Snelling & Snelling Employment 
Service 82o3 Rough Rider_______ 

855o SECRETARY 
Good skills! Unusual job! 
SPEARS Personnel Service 
2o7 Jackson-Keller 
823129$ 

S e c re ta ry -S ales 
$45o-$65o 
Dependable, enthusiastic, ener­ getic with good telephone person a lity . Type SS-65wpm,. Super w orking conditions, but hard w ork' ABC Pest Control 1oo22 
IH35 North 656 5o5o 
$5oo SE C R ETA R Y SS$-type, file and keep boss organized. Cindy 
732-2191, 2So) W est Ave. Jobs 
North Inc. Personnel Consultants 

LINZ JEWELERS 

O ne o f A m eric a’s o ld est and m ost prestigious na m es 

Career opportunities for GENERAL OFFICE PERSONNEL. 

Benefits include excellent sal a ry, paid vacations and holidays, insurance program , em ployee discounts, stock purchase plan, retirem ent program . 

Contact: A lan U n g er 
1 1 8 C e n tra l P ark M a ll 
San A n to n io , Tx. 7 8 2 1 6 

SUMMER TIME 
Extra, Fun, Extra Cash 
Work-Day-Week-Month 
O penings For 
• T Y P IS T S -5o wpm 
• DICTAPHONE— Medical 
• SECY— W /shorthand 
• 1o-KEY oPERS 
• PBX oPERS 

CALL PEGGY. 732-9765 

Quality Temporary 
Help Service 
96 Gill Rd. 
Suite 25o 

SECRETARY-RECEPTIONIST, 5 d ays, 9 om s pm , typ in g 5o, 
Sh orthand 8o, g e n e ra l o ffic e experience, starting salary $425. 
Call 
225-6779 weekdays for appointment 
_______ 
Typist, 5 day, $5oo 
Consider beginner, Bankers Em ­ ployment Service, 87oo Crownhiil, 
828-6123.__________ _____________ 
U T ILITY CLERK $475 
Lite typing, good persnolitv, great oppty Ethel 349-3541 
SHARPE Personnel Service 
6322 Sovereign D r..Suite 14o 
WANTED Mature young woman as receptionist ond clerk typist. 
HE IM ER INDUSTRIES 
924 8336 

MEDICAL LAB 
TECHNOLOGISTS 

Brownsville Medical Center, a 
162 bed facility in the Sunny 
Rio Grande Valley is presently accepting applications for ASCP 
Medical Technologists. Open­ ings for supervisors in hematology, blood-banking and micro biology. Salary com­ mensurate with experience, up to SI,ooo/month maximum. 

We offer excellent benefits in­ cluding health'life long term disability insurance, retirement pion, and an employee stock purchase pion. 

Call collect or visit: 
Personnel Director 
Brownsville Medical Center 
1o4o West Jefferson 
Brownsville, Texas 7852o 
(512) 541-3171 ext. 43o 

A Medenco Hospital 
An Equal Opp). Employer MZF 

Secretary, typing and shorthand, 
Gen. office work. Must hove Iran sportation. 225-3149 
Seeking legal secretory with ex­ perience in litig ation m atters. 
Good fringe benefits, salary com­ mensurate with exp. and ability. 
227-31o6 

Dictaphone, S day, $55o 
Good bonus, paid b en efits. 
Bankers Em ploym ent Service 
87oo Crownhiil, 828-6123. 

ADJUSTER S78oo 
College or experience os adjuster, inside phone ad ju stin g . Good entry level tor sharp M-F 
Banner Personnel Service Inc 
7o82 San Pedro 
824-9441 
ADJUSTER TR A IN E E $84oo 
Car + exp, excellent career, ben­ efits. Call Bill 349-3541 
SHARPE Personnel Service 
6322 Sovereign D r.,Suite 14o 

6o4 TECHNICAL 

CB R E PA IR M A N FCC licensed 
Coll Service Mgr 349-4465.______ 

SALES PERSON 
Local moving and storage com­ pany has opening for ambitious sales person. U n lim ited oppor- 
♦unity. 333-333o_________________ 

SALES PERSON 
CENTRAL PARK M ALL 
LOCATION 
M atu re sales person for lodies s p o rts w e a r shop. M u st have previous retail experience. Cus 
4omer service and multiple sales ore the name of the game. 5 day week, fringe benefits 
CALL MISS TAYLOR 
924-5661 
For Interview Appointment 

DRAFTING 
$84oo 
Draw your way to top $s$ 
Coll Rick 828-6494 
NEW DAY PERSONNEL 
Consultants 9o1 NE Loop 41o 
5-17-77 
ELECTRON MICROSCOPY 
Position available for person ex­ perienced in the preparation and evaluation of electronic m icros­ copy specimens. Must be skilled 
In use of u ltra m ic ro p o n e and electron microscope; knowledge of photographic processing also desired. Please call 674-141o to arran g e in te rv iew . Southwest 
Foundation to r R e s e a rc h A' 
Education. 
Equal opportunity employer 
Part time poste-up and darkroom for composition shop, Thurs - Sun. 
$2.5o on hour to start. Call Mon­ day only 828-5172 

College Accounting M ajor 
Needed Year round employment with local CPA firm for account­ ing m oior with one year of ac­ counting education (sophomore y e a r). F u ll tim e su m m er, 2o hours per week during school. 
Excellent training. B average or above required. Must be local resident. Should have 2 years remaining in college, good pay, im m e d ia te e m p lo y m e n t. 
Preliminary application ond test­ ing may be obtained at 21o9 San 
Pedro. 
DIR. SOCIAL SERVICE 
HK 
Like working with elderly? 
Coll Gwen 828-6494 
NEW DAY PERSONNEL 
Consultants 9o1 NE Loop 41o 
5-17-77 

FULL CHARGE 
BOOKKEEPER 
• Accounts receivable 
• Accounts payable 
• Payroll 
• G eneral ledger 

Salary commensurate with abit tty. Southwest S.A. location company benefits 
Lasso Western Weat 
6623 S. Zarzamora e q u a l o p p o r tu n ity e m p lo y e r 

All 

Executive Secretary $7oo 
Paid benefits, good bonus, gooc hou rs. B a n k e rs E m p lo ym en t 
Service, 87oo Crownhiil, 828-6123. 

GERI. LEDGER S8Go 
A fflu e n t co m p a n y needs FC 
Bkkprs I downtown, I northside thru statements or gen ledg. Ben efits and varied duties 
Banner Personnel Service Inc 
7o82 San Pedro 
824-o227 
GREAT O PPO RTU NITY $6oo 
Plush office needs career minded you. Lynn 828-6494 
NEW DAY PERSONNEL 
Consultants 9o1 NE Loop 41o 

INSURANCE SECRETARY exp. in fire ond casualty, policy ra tin g and typing necessary 
Salary based on qualifications + benefits 924-4276 
LEGAL SECRETARY, with Mag 
Card ll experience. 226-6291. 

 j Immediate opening for career minded person with 2 years ex- J perience, general accounting ond + 

Fast-growing CPA firm needs ex­ perienced A ccountant with at least 2 p arts of exam . Salary com m ensurate w ith q u a lific a ­ tions. Call M r. Gulley or Mr. Kel- ley, 69o-8933 

SALES R E P. 
SA territory. S66oo+comm.+ expenses. Wayne 828-J494 
NEW DAY PERSON NEL 
Consultants 9o1 NE Loop 41o 

IH I N U M B fR IO CALC 
IS 2 2 5 1 6 6 6 
(X P R I5 5 A N O N IW S 

PROGRAMMER ANALYST 
Agqressive service bureau with national custom er base seeks 
Cobol P ro g ra m m e r w ith min inturn ol 2 years experience. De gree and teleprocessing exper ience helpful. Send resume ond salary requirements to: Ron Mo­ ran at Tabulating Systems and 
Service, PO Drawer 2147, Hariin gen,Tx 7855o 
Simplex Time Recorder Co. needs 
F IE L D S E R V IC E R e p resen ta 
♦ives. Must have good electro me ch en ica! b a c k g ro u n d . 
C a ll 
653-o)o7 for appointment. 
Tec h n ic ian to s e rv ic e w o rk processing systems experience required on IBM selectric typew­ riter, must maintain professional appearance. Call 341-4431, ask for 
Bob. 
_______ 

Full Charge Bookkeeper 
Experienced. We are a single unit restaurant posturing for growth. 
Our bookkeeping needs of this point in time are modest but as we grow, the responsibility and com­ pensation will grow too. Tho hours of work ore flexible Please send resume im m ediately to JS Hon- igbium , C O M illa rd F illm o re 
Gram m ar School & G rille, 618o 
Wurzbach, SA, 7824o (m ark con­ fidential). At least I character reference necessary. State salary range.__________ 

 exposure to finonciol statements. ♦ 
T Challenging position, competitive, A 
J solory ond oil company benefits 
♦ 

 ut Great State Finance Co. J 
J 
925 San Pedro 
J 
225-3181 
J 

★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ * ★ * ★ ★ * 

LEGAL SECRETARY 
Exp necessary, good pay, plush office, good benefits. Bob Cowan 
Jr. 341-2266 or 492 168o 

TOP SPOT 
$6oo 
Typing + Payroll experience 
Call Lynn 828-6494 
NEW DAY PERSONNEL 
Consultants 9o1 NE Loop 41o 
U N IT E D 
PERSONNEL 
CONSULTANTS 
Jobs Guaranteed-924-4481 

61o-OFFICE & CLERICAL 

ACCOUNTING CLERK $6oo 
Fascinating company! Stay busy 
Call Malva Black, 657-1123 
Snelling & Snelling Employment 
Service 82o3 Rough Rider 
Accounting C lerk, 5 day, goon benefits and bonus, $6oo. Bankers 
E m p lo y m e n t 
S e rv ic e , 
87oo 
Crownhiil, 828-6123. 
$5oo ACCTS CLERK for local co lite ty p e -lO k e y -ra is e s . Cindy 
732-2191, 25o1 West Ave. Jobs 
North Inc. Personnel Consultants. 

AIRPORT DESK 
S433 
Meet and greet people, fun job for outgoing person, uniforms furnished 
Banner Personnel Service Inc 
7o82 San Pedro 
824-9441 
A Very Special Service 
New Day Personnel Consultants 
9o1 NE Loop 41o- 828-6494 

• STENOS 
• TYPISTS 
• BOOKKEEPERS 
• FOOD DEMONSTRATORS 

We need fop performers for tem­ peras work all around the town. 
Good pay for good skills and a benefit package. See how a steady flow of short-term assign­ ments fits your lifestyle. Apply today 
MANPOWER 
TEMPORARY SERVICES 

63o Broadway 
224-9251 
Equal Opportunity Employer 

W e need a 
N a tio n a l 
A d vertisin g C lerk 

• Typing 5o WPM 
• Creative Ability 

Hours 8:3 o to 5:3o 
Mon. thru Fri. 

A p p ly in person 

Personnel office 
9 to l l A.M. - 2 to 4 P.M. 

Express/News Corp. 

 an equal opportunity employer 

SANTA ROSA 

MEDICAL CENTER 

 has an immediate vacancy for 

LICENSED PHYSICAL 
THERAPIST 

Excellent working conditions 

 and fringe benefits 

Apply to the Personnel Office 

519 W. Houston St. 

228-2343 

Equal Opportunity Employer 

★ H r ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ’J 

* 
LVNs 
• 3-1 I Shift 

• 
Supervisory expe r­ ience preferred 

• N o rthsid e o f tow n 

Call Tony H ad en 
6 5 6 - 7 8 o o 
For a p p o in tm e n t 

SOUTHERN MANOR 

★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ i 

CLERK TY P IS T, 55-6o wpm, type from dictaphone and rough copy, open mail, file, and general office work, Part time 8 am-12 noon, one year experience, 436-3725 

MANAGER TRAINEE 
Telephone collection agency has immediate opening in their San 
Antonio branch office. Credit-col- lection experience or two years college helpful. Must be neat, ag­ gressive and have a need to suc­ ceed. No outside calls, 4o hour week, good benefits. Excellent 
G urarantee S alary and Bonus. 
Telephone 734-7171 
ACCOUNT SERVICES 
UN DE R W RITE R TR AIN EE 
Degree, career minded, great ad­ vancement. Bill 349-3S41 
SHARPE Personnel Service 
6322 Sovereign D r.,Suite 14o 

EXPRESS A N D NEW S 

EXPERIENCED 
BOOKKEEPER 

Full charge, ambitious bookkeeper, 
Agri-business knowledge man' dotory Permanent position with ex­ panding operation. Send resume and solory requirement lo: 

Applicant 

P. o. Box 1263 

Kingsville, Tx. 78363 

S5So MGR T R A IN E E Sup lo job fo r c a re e r m in d ed . 
Sarah 
732-2191, 25o1 W est Ave. Jobs 
North Inc Personnel Consultants 
PH ON E C O LLE C TO R S salary open prefer exp-aood voice. Rosie 
732-2191, 2So1 W est Ave. Jobs 
North Inc. Personnel Consultants. 
Program m er Management train­ ee, m ole or fe m a le , degree in computer science. Opportunity to become officer of firm . Paid ben­ efits, excellent future, local, S day, beginning salary. $9,66o Bonkers 
E m p lo y m e n t 
S e rv ic e , 
87oo 
Crownhiil, 8 2 8 - 6 1 2 3 . _________ 

LEGAL SECRETARY 
Downtown law office, experience preferred. Proficient typing skills minimum 7Swpm with accuracy 
Will consider training someone : locking experience if applicant is | otherwise exceptionally qualified carking provided. Call M r. Levey I 
226-1463_________________________ | 
LEGAL TR A IN EE $5oo 
Type accurate, willing to learn super boss. Ethel 349-3541 
SHARPE Personnel Service 
6322 Sovereign D r..Suite 14o 

LIKE NUMBERS? $6oo+ 
AP-AR to FC bkkpr, $8oo if vol. can do th ro u g h gen ledger 
Northside. Call Ron 657-1212 
Banner Personnel Service East 
85oo Village Dr. at Loop 4IoE 
LOAN PROCESSOR S7oo 
E xcellent NS Co, great future 
Experienced. Murvelle 349 3541 
SHARPE Personnel Service 
6322 Sovereign Dr..Suite 14o 

PERSONNEL SEC $6oo 
Relate well to people, work w ilt personnel m gr. Good ofc skills northside. Don’t miss this one 
Banner Personnel Service Inc 
7o82 Son Pedro 
824-9441 

•BANK JOBS* 
Teller trainee 
......... 
$5oo 
Teller ..........................................$55o 
Insurance clerk .......................$475 
Loon Processor .......................$7oo 
Secty to Officers 
.....................$6oo 
Bookkeeper .............................. $55o 
Banner Personnel Service Inc 
;o82 San Pedro 
824-9441 
$45o Beginner Secretary $475 
No exp. nee. Just skills, type + Sh 
Joyce Best 923-4368 Jobs South 
Placement 
Service 
413 
SW 
M ilitary________________ 

BOOKKEEPER 
Experienced only, Kuest Corp., 
M etal F ab ricators, 1o9o9 IH 3£ 
North. 655-122o. 
555o BO O K K E EP ER lite books, sm all o ffic e + b e n e fits . 
Lee 
732-2191, 25o1 W est Ave Jobs 
North Inc. Personnel Consultants 
BO OKKEEPER, part time, 4 hrs a day, 5 days Mrs. Rose, 494-3594 
BOOKKEEPER 
FEE 
PAID 
$7oo + 
Top quality spot, company ben efits, coil Malva Black 657-1123 
Snelling & Snelling Employment 
Service 82o3 Rough Rider 
$4oo CLERICA L BEG INN ER S O place lo start your career. Lee 
732-2191, 25o1 W est Ave. Jobs 
North inc. Personnel Consultants 

PUBLIC RELATIONS 
1oK + + 
Promote business ond you. 
Coll Rick 828-6494 
NEW DAY PERSONNEL 
Consultants 9o1 NE Loop 41o 
SALES SECRETARY $5oo+ 
Various duties, first class com pony, call Carol Crisp 657-1123 
Snelling & Snelling Employment 
Service 82o3 Rough Rider 

C L E R K T Y P IS T m o n -fri 8-5. 
Converse- 
Schertz- 
UC area 
658-7o74 

CLERK TYPIST $425 
Personnel office! Big company 
SPEARS Personnel Service 
2o7 Jackson-Keller 
828-1293 

I XPR tSS A N D NEW S 

PLACE YOUR W A N T AD 
IN THE EXPRESS NEW S 
C A L L 3 3 5 - 1 6 6 6 

CREDIT TRAINEE 
Good future with nationwide retoil firm. Excellent company benefits, competitive salary. Experience helpful but not necessary. Apply in person to M r. Tripp 

United Jew elers 

 and Distributors 
WINDSOR PARK M ALL 

SUMMER 
JOBS 

We need: 
TYPISTS 
SHORTHAND 
DICTAPHONE 
LEGAL SECYS 
MAG l/M A G ll 
1o-KEY 
PBX 
KEYPUNCH 

Work a day, a week or several months! We have temporary jobs for you now. We require six months to one year of clerical ex­ perience. Call Helen ot 828-25o6 for an appointment 

N O FEE EVER 

+ t t i m p o t 'a r y i Y 'M t r r ic o * , U te . 

CHRYSLER- 
PLYMOUTH 
CITY 

Needs quality people in its business office. Ex­ cellent advancement op­ portunity in a fast grow­ ing dealership. Must be good with figures. 
Bookkeeping experience helpful. 
7ooo NW LOOP 41o 
684-661o 

LYN 

• I pm-9 pm shift 

A p p ly in Person 

CARRIAGE SQUARE 

NURSING HOME 
8o2o Blanco 
3 4 4 -4 5 5 3 

Northside office seeks accurate jtypist, applicant should type 6o 
'W P M , heavy typing req u ired , good benefits, please call for ap­ pointment. 341-2261. 

DR’S RECEPTIoNISTS433 
Lite, accurate typing, 6 mos exp., nice hospital job w orking with doctors ALSO N E ED Office Mgr. medical. Coll Ron 657-1212 
Banner Personnel Service East 
85oo Vilioge Dr at Loop 41oE 
EN ERG Y CO: Pays 565o 
R e im b .’ i fee. Process leases plush office, Kitty Kirk, 341-2551 
SNELLING & SNELLING 
Employment Service 1o2 Rector 
E X P E R IE N C E D BOOKKEEPER 
Capable of payro lls, journals, general ledger and tax reports 
Must have a minim um of 5 yrs exp. with full set of books. Attrac fiv e s a la ry and b e n e fits , ll qualified, contact M r. Dawkins 
Mortgage Bankers Corp. 622 Pe troleum Commerce Bldg 2o1 N 
St Marys. 225-2858 

FAST FINGERS $6oo+ 
Good 1o-key touch for NS co. 
AR-AP for invoicing. Start tomor­ row. Any 5owpm typist $5oo-57oo 
Banner Personnel Service 
7o84 Sun Pedro 
824 o28o 
FE E PAID 
H eavy Accts P a yab le, N ’Side, 
$96oo. Call 8AM-8PM days and weekends. 
Century Placement Service 
153 W Century Bldg 349-1373 
G e n e ra l o ffic e w ork w ith bookkeeping experience, apply at 
Medi-Central 7526 Louis Pasteur 
Dr. 

THC NUM BER TO CALL 
IS 2 2 5 -1 6 6 6 
EXPRESS A N D NEW S 

General office and lite bookkeep­ ing, 1o-kev by touch, prefer I yr experience. Goo benefits, salary 

225-3341 
GENERAL O FFICE 
Lovely NS ofc tor you. $475 
Call Bobs 828-6494 
NEW DAY PERSONNEL 
Consultants 9o1 NE Loop 41o 
GOOD W ITH FIGURES? $5oo 
Typing, lOkey, like figures. 
Call Lynn828-6494 
NEW DAY PERSONNEL 
Consultants 9o1 NE Loco 41o 

Home builder need experienced bookkeeper-secretary. N S office. 
Salary based on experience. 
494-1666. 

INVENTORY 
IBM comp sys,type SO 
1233 SW Military 922-2711 Job 
Experts Inc. Placement Service 

KEYPUNCH $3hr 
1233 SW M ilitary 922-2711 Job 
Experts Inc. Placement Service 
Legal typist downtown office, good typist, dictaphone, salary com m ensurate with ability and experience. 
Call 
226-4131 
Mrs 
Allen__________________________ 
LOTS OF VA RIETY 
SS2o 
Answer phones, type, file 
Call Bobs 828-6494 
NEW DAY PERSONNEL 
Consultants 9o1 NE Loop 41o 
5-17*77 

O F F IC E C L E R K - High school grad, m inim um I yeor ex p e r­ ience. Must have knowledge of bookkeeping. Duties include light typing, light bookkeeping and payroll. One girl office. Company benefits. Mon Fri. Call for appt. 
735-6457 M ONDAY O NLY! Only 
Responsible and permanent need apply! 
$1,ooo O FFICE MGR accts. rec. payable great co benefits. Lee 
732-2191, 25o1 West Ave. Jobs 
North Inc. Personnel Consultants 

I Camp Nurse tor p riv a te g irls camp June I • August IS, Ban 
: dero, Tx. 512-796 33o2.___________ 

$6oo OR S OFFICE 
Exp. accts rec! Personality! 
SPEARS Personnel Service 
! 2o7 Jackson-Keller 
828 1292 
1 E x p e rie n c e d M e d ic a l T ra n scrib er fo r In fe rn a l M edicine 
Specialist Northside location, 
I Monday- Friday, full fringe ben- 
| efits, salary open. Send resume to 
: Express and News Box No. 437o, 
1 78297. 

PAYROLL CLERK , NE San An­ tonio, touch 1o-key, add and type, start $14o weekly with automatic increases, exc ellen t benefits, 
Colonial Cake Co, 2ooo N. WW 
W hite, 661-2361. An Equal Oop- portunity Employer. 

For downtown pediatric office, 
Licensed Vocational Nurse with pediatric hospital and or office experience. M atu re individu al who con assume supervisory po­ sition. S alary negotiable. Call 
224-4663, ask for Mrs. Rodriguez 
Have an opening for a Staff Full 
T im e X -R a y T e c h n ic ia n , day shift, Nix Hoapital X Ray, confact 
Chief Technician, 223-42o3. _____ 
Home health ■ homemaker aide, full and port time, must have own tra n s p o rta tio n . 
B ilin g u a l p re fe rre d . E x p erien ced . Call 
M o n -F ri. 8-5 349-4193 G irlin g 
Home Health Service 
LVN, 11-7 
Coll Mrs. Morse, 224-2381. 

Payroll clerk $6o6 
5 day east. Bankers Employment 
Service, 87oo Crownhiil, 828-6123 

LVNs and RNs, part tim e, oil shifts. Oak Hills Care Center 73o2 
Oak Manor Dr. 344-8537 

PBX OPERATORS $2.3o to start . 
3-11 s h ift-w o rk now. 
Rosie 
732-2191, 25o1 West Ave. Jobs j 
North Inc. Personnel Consultants. I 
RECEPTIONIST 
$$$ 
Lite typing + personality 
Call Lynn 828 6494 
NEW DAY PERSONNEL 
Consultants 9o1 NE Loop 41o 
Receptionist-Secretory: a South 
San located company seeks an individual with a pleasing person­ ality and able to work with other people. Average typing, use ad­ der and calculator effectively. 
Able to concentrate and handle details accurately. Readily ac­ cepts supervision and follows in­ structions. Many company ben- 
( N t t H B r i a 

LVNS 
3-11 FULL TIM E 
7-3 PART TIM E 
924-8136 

LVNS NEEDED! 

*3 7 9 *7 7 7 7 
C a re 
' n n 
° f S e 9 U in ' 

LVN Wanted small nursing home relief shift 227-3812. 

„ 
MEDICAL DENTAL 

DENTAL Employment Service 
Oak Hills Med Bldg, 69o-99)o 
E q u al o p p o rtu n ity em - j 
PJC ArL 
R E C E P T IO N IS T , 

Northside CPA firm needs exper­ ienced Full Charge Bookkeeper. 
S a la ry c o m m en s u rate w ith qualification. Call Mr. Gulley or 
M r. Kelley, 69o-8933 

 plover. Coll 922-6361 for opp). exp erienced, m ature for Phy- 

RECEPTIONIST-SECRETARY 
?en'?f Sinofn « ^ ,^ U+ ? ave e* Ber 
Real Estate office near North Star Leonoc_eh " i j “c, ° rs o ,,' ce Q"d be 
Mall, 5’ a days, start $425. 341-72o1 oSen b^nefHs V riU H q u a ^ fk o " 
R ECEPT: $7oo+, Our fee! lions and experience? to the Bx 
Ans. phones, direct clients in top Dress and News Box No aria company. Kilty Kirk, 341-2551 
78297 
o 
SNELLING & SNELLING 
— 
----------------- 
Employment Service 1o2 Rector 
$6oo Secretary $65o 
• FE E PA ID * 
Typing ond sh. 9-5 Mon-Fri. Plush ' 
_____ office. Ike K elly 923-4366 Jobs *<oo NURSE AIDES need 3-start 
South Placement Service 413 SW work now -exp. or cert 
Rosie 
M ilitary 
732-2191, 25o1 West Ave 
Jobs 
“ 
Nor*b Inc. Personnel Consultant.: 

MED TECH $75o 
1233 SW M ilitary 922-271) Job 
Experts Inc. Placement Service 

IS 2 2 5 -1 6 6 6 
IX P R tS S A N D N IW S 
CAU 225-1666 

J 

 g 
H 
W 
W i t t t t B O N U S A D 
S 

4 R P V d V H n N l . W P l l ^ l M l f w W i^ N ^ B r 
• • • 

2 
L 
I N 
E 
S 
$ * W 

I O D A Y S r n 

NON C O t t M f f t C J A U 

C A N C t U A f t L f 

W 
I T H O U T 

R A T ! C H A N G S 

S 
S 
P 
* 1 
6 
6 
6 
Q U IC K 
RE 

 fqqe I 7-D 

Il2 MEDICAL 

Son Antonio E X P R E SS-N E W S 

612 MEDICAL 

Sunday M a y 15 1 9 77 
614 SIMIS TRMB 

 s h a i m r a n t s j H j o m j r a j j g 

S i 

R N s & L V N s 
Revised Pay Schedule 

COMPARE OUR RATES! 

+ Days and shifts of your choice 

★ Top pay 

★ Full insurance coverage 

★ Exclusive instant pay 

WE PROTECT YOU 

WE CATER TO YOU 

WE NEED YOU 

C a ll o r co m e in to d a y 

MEDICAL 

PERSONNEL POOL 

1o19 N. Main Ave. 
224-5885 

THE MEDICAL PROFESSION NEEDS YOU 
IMMEDIATE OPPORTUNITIES 

RECEPT.— fxo. med terms. ins. starts. $55o. in N. side Dr‘s. oft. 
ASSISTANT— Good typing and 5 years esp lands rare opty, to $6oo 
PAYROLL— Experience pays off, to $ 7 o o + greot benefits, M-f 
OFFICE NURSE— Assist Physician in surgery, plush offire 
BKKPR-REC— Help with patients, billing ins. in multi-drs. oft. 
SURGICAL ATTENDANT— Good solory and benefits, asstg. patients 
IVN — Day hrs., pleasant working conditions, $ 6 o o + super benefits 
MED. SALES— $15,ooo+ first yr., fantastic opty. for righ ind. 
PHARMACIST— $19,ooo yr. and bonuses for bt-linguol md. 5 day wk. 
MED LAB X-RAY N. side oft. wonts to hire exp. Technician, M-E 
DENTAL RECEPT— Expd individual needed for front office. $5oo 
oENTAL HYGIENIST— Shorp ind. needed for 2 days wk, days flexible 
Other similar opportunities available too numerous to list. 

D p . Person n el 

Medical-Dental Employment Service 
Oak Hills Medical Bldg. 
69o-991o] 

 te e U 
M 
* 
V _ 
SWEARINGEN AVIATION 

H a s im m e d ia te re q u ire m e n ts in the fo llo w in g classifications. 

TECHNICAL WRITER 

M ust be thoroughly fam iliar with aircraft system s 

 and have 3-5 years experience with illustrated parts catalogs and aircraft technical publications. 

MATERIAL CONTROL PLANNER 

Requires a minimum of 5 years experience in pro­ duction scheduling and material requirem ents plan­ ning in m anufacturing operation 
T99L,MAKER 

614 SKILLS TRADES 
614 SHILLS-TRADES 
614 SHILLS TRADES 
BIB FOOD URINK SERVICES 
616-FDM PRINK SERVICES 

AIRCRAFT 
WORKERS n e e d e d 
IM M E D IA T E L Y 

S H E E T M ETAL 
F A B R IC A T O R S 
& IN STA LLER S 
IN T ER IO R 
F A B R IC A T O R S 

CABINET M A K E R TO 
SUPERVISE AND WORK IN 
WOODWORKING SHOP 

Only Experienced need apply! 
ASSOCIATED 
AIR 
CENTER 
8321 L E M M O N flo v a fie ld ! 
D allas, Tx 7 5 2 o 9 or roll: 

C ly d e LaF te u r celiac* 
(2 1 4 ) 3 5 o -4 1 1 1 
An (q u a l O p p o rtu n ity 
E m p loye r 

KELLY 
LIGHT INDUSTRIAL 
NEEDS YOU NOW 

Temporary alignments available 

W A IT E R S, W A IT R E S SE S 
W A R E H O U S E W O R K 
A SS E M B L Y LINE W O R K 

And Other Choice Alignments 

 tVOt A N A G I N C V — 
N fvte a etc 

Call or Come In 
KELLY 
SERVICES 
46o6 Centerview 
Suite 154 
736-2455 equal opportunity employer 

IMMEDIATE 
OPENINGS 

-A Single needle operators 

■A Sergers 

* Sew Sergers 

♦ feuttonsewers 
Experienced only 
CMT CORP. 

2 2 7 Lone Star Blvd. 

2 2 6 -5 5 2 6 

N E E D 
E X P E R I E N C E D 
R E M O D E L IN G C A R P E N T E R 
Dependable, own tooK and tron sporation (prefer truck) 
N O R T H E A S T 
B U IL D E R S 
_____________249 4191 
N eed Q u a lifie d S a lv a g e Y a rd 
Monomer M ust have J or more y e o rs e xp e rien ce Too so lo ry 
Er(ope benefits Send resum e to 
PO Box 1955, McAllen, TX 285o1 
Need se rvice station attendant a n d m e c h a n ic h e lp e rs 
9.14 
Fredericksburg R d 733 9811 

OFFSET PRESSMAN " 
Web Ped rotary off set pressm an needed bv a tabloid new spaper printing plant Good opportunity 
Coll 235 5419, 9 om-5 pm 

PART TIME 
INSPECTOR 

Requires o minimum 
Building experience. o f 5 years diversified Jig 

SHFETMiTAL MECHANICS 

Requires 
2 3 years sheetmeta! assem bly ex per ience. 

AIRCRAFT ELECTRICIAN 

Requires 3 5 years experience in final hook-up a n d functional test of aircraft electrical systems. 

 pi- These perm anent positions offer excellent starting jalary, excellent fringe package and the a p 
||| portunity for advancem ent based on dem onstrated job perform anve. 

Interested applicants should apply in person to the 
Personnel O ffice Em ploym ent O ffice, Sw earingen 
Aviation C orp , International Airport, Sa n Antonio, 
TX (come East off Bitters Rd past Blossom Athletic 
Center, turn right on N E entrance Road) 
'S W E A R I N G E N ^ 
" 
. 1 V I A 2 1 o N r O ' f P O H d T I O M 

A Su bsidiary o f Fairchild Industries 
A n o q u a l o p p o rtu n ity e m p lo y e r 
Kssmsteseeut 

W ★ 
★ 
★ 
★ 
★ 
★ 
★ 
★ 
★ 
★ 
★ 
★ 
* 

YOU 
DESERVE 
MORE THAN A 
JOB! 

Drive for 
North 

American and own 

 your own business. 

We'll help you get into business for yourself os a professional owner operotor How? See North 
Ameriron's od in today's Business 
Opportunity dossificotion 

MEDREC 
MACEMENT SERVICE A * # 

A Division af K-S Enterprises 

FEE PAID OPPO RTUNITIES 

• H O S P IT A L F O O D S E R V M A N A G E R $ 1 9 , o o o 

• D IE T IT IA N A D A $ 1 2 , o o o 

• C H IEF C O O K $ 1 o , o o o 

O T H E R FEE P A ID H EA LTH C A R E P O S IT IO N S FO R 

PHYSICAL THERAPIST, R.N. S, A N D O .T.'S 

For ap p t. call 

G e o r g e C o n ra d 5 1 2 -8 2 4 -7 4 7 8 

1 6 3 5 NE Lo o p 4 1 o Suite 5o1 

M E D I C A L 

E M P L O Y M E N T C O U N S E L O R , M E D . PERS. EXP. EXC. 

P O T E N T IA L 

B U S O F F IC E M G R — 
M E D IC A R E M E D IC A ID 
A M U ST , 12 K + D O E 
L V N C L IN IC C O O R D . , L V N S U P E R V IS O R 
R N D O N (N O T A N U R S IN G H O M E ) S 1 5 K + 

CRT S U P E R V IS O R N E E D E D $ 1 o , 8 o o + FEE PD 
X -R A Y TECH (FEE PD P O S IT IO N ) A V A IL A B L E N O W ! 

O th e r Excellent Health Related Positions 
A vailable Everyw here 

San Antonio Health Services 
W 
Placements, Inc. 

$ 
8 4 N E. Loop 4 1 o - ( 5 1 2 ) 3 4 9 - 4 3 1 3 

* 

 l f 
* 

IF 
* 
J* 

TF 
* 

TF 
J* 
* 

I * 

 l f 
* 

EXPERIENCED AIRCRAFT 
SHEETMETAL MECHANICS 

EXPERIENCED MACHINISTS 

EXPERIENCED AIRCRAFT 
SHEETMETAL INSPECTORS 
(Need 3-5 years experience) 

JETCRAFTERS INC. 

5418 Brewster 
6 5 7 - 2 7 o o 
Equal Opportunity Employer 
/F 

 i t 

TF 

 i t 

 i t it it 
* 
* it 
* 

 i t it it it 

H A S IM M E D IA T E 

O P E N IN G S FO R 

M E C H A N IC A L 

DRAFTER 
Prefer person with college train­ ing and 2 years practical ex­ perience, deoling with sheet metal fabrication 
Other light 

 manufacturing or 
Architectural experience will be considered 
Please apply 

3326 Fredericksburg Rd 

AUTOMOTIVE 

We need an experienced 

BODY SHOP ASSISTANT 
Qualified in bilking with ais tamers, writing estimates ond handling body shop personnel lf you ore this person, ond looking 
♦or a permanent position, with good opportunity for advance men) with an established busi ness, we would like to talk to you 

Call Mr. lee Botchers 
225-65o1 

 w 
LUCCHESE 
BOOT CO. 
W e Naad: 

♦ M achinists 

♦ Saw ing M achine 
M echanics 

♦ C o w b o y Boo* Fancy 
Stitchers 
+ Q ualified Bookm akers 
I 2 2 6 E. H o u sto n St. 
2 2 6 -1 3 5 3 

S a n Antonio, Texas 7 8 2 1 6 

★ 
★ 
★ 
★ 
★ 
★ 
★ 
★ 
★ 
★ 
★ 
★ 
★ 
★ 

GENERAL 
LABORERS 

We are loo kin g fo r general 

 laborers w ho con w ork 

 either short or long term 

 assignm ents. H o m e phone 

 and cor necessary. 
A p p ly d a lly fro m 9 -3 . 
M ANPOW ER 
TEM PO RARY S E R V IC E S 

321 Brooklyn 
224-9253 

E qual O p p o r tu n ity E m p lo y e r 

EXPERIENCED 
Telephone Construction: 
• FORSMAN 
• C R A F T S M A N 
• EQUIPM ENT O PERATO RS 
• LABO RERS 

Top Poy 
Good Opportunity 

Apply in person 
83o9 Speedway or call 349 5346 tor appointment 

EXPERIENCED 
SHEET METAL 
WORKER 

Capable of own setups on shear broke and uni tooling 
Top pay ond benefits lancer Corp. 

235 W .Turbo 
3 4 4 -3 o 7 1 

• q u a i op p o rtu n ity 
Btnployer 

Ventura 
Manufacturing Co. ho» immfdiotf! npnnitigs 

WELDERS 
M ig Stick Welding 
Blue print reading required. 

Paid benefits, health and life insurance, holidays and vacation. Educational assist­ ance 
Coll: Elvo 
4 3 4 . 4 3 7 I 
2527 SW 36th Street 

 e g ual opportunity em ployer 

I 
I 
- 
IIM 
! 
J - ? 

 tor local Civil enqineertnq firm 
Benefits ess t m 
_ 

P L U M B E R S 
E X P D H E L P E R S 
A P A R T M E N T C O N S T R U C T IO N 
! Top cav. benefits W rite 
M IL i TON U L E V Y P L B C B O X 295o9. 
I Patios Tx 
75229 Attn 
Charles l-bPvch 

PORSCHE RESTORATION 
Several mb openings ore cvoila hie in one ot this n o tion's most i re sp e cte d re s t o ra t io n sh o p s 
Looking tor dedicated, talented and reliable young men to leorn i the ort of re sto ratio n ot these j great cars Applicants m ust hove 
I excellent ch aracter references 
I Coll IO I t :3oam w eekdays, Paul 
M tPcnigoll 924 I IH ____________ 
P r e s s 
B r o k e O p e ro to r o n d I 
I G rinder needed P aid halldoys i ] 
Paid vocation otter I yr service 
_______ 344 o128________ | 

Presser Silk Finisher 
M ust be experienced 
E A R L S C L E A N E R S 
_________ 34? BOSI__________________| 

PRINTER 
Im m ediate opening A 
B 
P ick I 
16o and Mew Plate m aker 
Coll 
878 5845___ 
I 
P R IN T IN G P R E S S M A N Rotary I 
$12,ooo per year ii up depending I upon experience Excellent ben efits ond w orking condition^ in 
B re n h o m — T e x n s' F in e st Com mortify 6o m iles from H ouston 
E L E C T R O D A T A D IV IS IO N . CCT 
C O M P A N Y , W rite B Hook, PO 
Box 19573. Houston. Tx 77o24 or 
COH collect (713)868 149S__________ I 
P R O F E S S I O N A L 
T R U C x f 
D R IV E R S , local ond o ve r the rood, 3 yrs experience 648 357? i 

JA C K -IN -T H E-B O X 
FAMILY RESTAURANT 

Now hiring for 

 new store 

Opening at 

5338 Walzem Rd. 

Join the dyn am ic gro w in g leader in the lost fo o d in dustry 

 lock In The Box offers fle xib le hours, d a y or n ig h t. 

• 
G ood storting pay 

• 
Perform an ce raises 

• 
Exc elle n t gro w th p o te n tia l fo r am bitiou s in dividu als 

• 
Benefits include free h o sp ita liio tio n an d paid vacation 

 lf yo u like fast paced a d io n ond o g re ot w a lk in g o tm o s p h e ie , 

 opply in person at 

Room IOO of the Finonciql (enter at 1o2o5 Oasis Dr. 
Tuesday and W ednesday 
M ay I 7 and I 8 am I 2 noon or 3 pm 
(q u a l Opportunity tmptoyur7 pm 

RESTAURANT MANAGER 

Experienced in food manufacturing, payroll, portion control, menu prepare tion and costing. Salary commensurate with experience 

Call M r*. C u n n in gh a m fo r ap p t. 
2 2 7 - 4 3 4 3 Ext. 3 7 3 
J o s k e 's O I T e x a s 
A la m o P la z a Store e q u a l o p p o rtu n ity o m p lo y o r 

 is lo o k in g fo r 
FRAMING 
SUBCONTRACTORS 
6 5 5 - 8 7 3 2 

EXPERIENCED 

Furniture 

ASSEMBLY MAN & 

CABINET MAKER 

Good salary 

See Mr. Gonzalez 

Bell Furniture Co. 

1o3 I. Commerce 

REMODELING to $4.5otir 
1233 SW M ilitary 922 2711 Job 
Experts inc Placement Service 
R O O F E R S , sub con tract, tron sportotion needed, no eatiipment necessary, 349 o642 8 am IO am 
Reasonable 
Rooting ond 
Rem odeling 

ROOFING 
SUPERINTENDENT 
To handle su p e rvisio n of crew s and production ot built up rooting for major com pony Experience re q u ire d C oll (214)428 1383 or send resum e to: A T L A S R O O F 
IN G 8. S U P P L Y CO O F D A L L A S , 
P O Box 26o86, Dallas Tx 75226 
R O O F IN G SU P E R IN T E N D ANT 
S o lo ry , c o m m issio n , ond cor 
Pqid vacations, college preferred, bilingual, must be experienced, 5o year old com pony 828 2883 

ROUTE DRIVERS 
56o8 5975 E x p . a r tra in e e full m benefits 
S o ro h 732 2191. 25o) 
I W est Ave Jobs N orth Inc, Per- rrf sonnel Consultants 

RN’S-LVN’S 
IF Y O U RE S E E K IN G 
S U M M E R 
E M P L O Y M E N T C O M E 
SFE U S W E OFFER 
THE H IG H E ST RATES 
IN T O W N , DA ILY 
PAY, M A LPR A C T IC E 
IN S U R A N C E , RN 
S U P E R V IS IO N A N D 
M O R E 1 
T R Y U S 
CALI 
Nursefinders 
7 3 o N . M a in 
2 2 6 -6 3 3 3 

* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
K 
* * * 3 
LVN 

S H O P F O R E M A N 
M etalw orking 
Second Shift 

Long hours and hard work. 
Must be well organized and analytical as well as strong and determined. 
Should have several years of supervisory experience involving fabrication or assembly. Excellent pay, fringes and benefits. 

Call 656-o259, after 7 p.m. and weekends 

 eaual opportunity em ployer 

 a i t 

A M E R IC A N M U M T B R B 

FOLDER 
O P E R A T O R S 

A m e rican P rinters 

 has a fine opportunity for on experienced color strip per and folder operotor. 
W e offer excellent w ages, com pany benefits and growth potential. 

Call 2 2 4 -2 2 7 1 

LONE STAR 
Volkswagen 

Needs a mechanic with experience. 

SEE BOB DABNEY 

AT 33o3 BROADWAY 

NEEDED 
IMMEDIATELY 

 by large builder/developer 

• truck drivers 

Commercial license Required 

• DOOR FABRICATOR 

 carpentry experience helpful 

C all Tom H on 

6 5 5 - 4 4 2 o 

P art tim e relief, 
7 -3 , a n d 3-11 
RN 
Charge position, 3-11 
Full or part time 
£ 
Apply in person ¥ 
616 W. Russell X 
£ SAN PEDRO MANOR M 

J j e 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* j x 

RN’* - LVN’s 
Join Son Antonio's large st p ro vid e r of staff relief services 

SPECIAL PROCEDURES 
TECHNOLOGIST 
Full time position available for ex- oerienced stoff and special pro­ cedures technologist. A R R T. re­ quired 
Excellent salary and benefits. 

Send resume to 
Personnel Office 
St. Joseph Hospital 
14o1 S. Main St. 
Ft. Worth, Tex. 761o4 or call 817-336-9371 
Ext. 5525 equal opportunity employer 

Call: 
224-2341 
♦ 
HOMEMAKERS 
UPJOHN “ 

^e q u a ^ p p o rtu n it^ m p lo y A r 

IMMEDIATE OPENINGS 
* W A R E H O U S E M E N 

Expe rien ce d w ith o u t-b o u n d ond in -b o u n d fre ig h t, lo g ­ 

 ging ond stocking o f in ve n to ry 

• CABLE H O IST O P E R A T O R S / 
E Q U IP M E N T M O V E R S 
Operate fo rk lift, com m ercial license required 

C om p an y paid ben efits 
Sala ry com m en surate 

 negotiable depe nding on experience 
A p p ly in p a rso n 3 o Essex St. or call fo r ap p t- 5 3 2 -5 2 3 4 
Rhoades Transfer & Storage e q u a l o p p o rtu n ity e m p lo y e r 

* 
* 
.It 
I + 
! * 
I* 
* 
* 
*t 
* 
* 
* 
* 
J* 

NIGHT SHIFT 

Monday-Thursday 

5:3o p.m.-9:3o p.m. 

Experienced only 

• 
Trimmers 

• Pressers 

• fusing Press Operators 

• Finishing Deportment 

CMT CORP 
227 lone Star Blvd. 

226-5526 

CARPENTER 
SUB-CONTRACTORS 

Jim W alter Homes 

 has wack available for framing sub contractors Experience with piling and poured pier faun- dotions desirable 
Must have crew, tools and transportation 

Call 653-1336 

 equal opportunity employer 

^ i r i » .... 

W o n t to R e l o c a t e ? 

TOWN * COUNTRY FORD in Del Ria is tanking tor ? good 
LINE M E C H A N IC S 
Must hove own tools, for the right type of personnel, com pony may help with relocation expenses Contact 

John Allegro, Service Mar. 
1-775-7485 or ofter 7:3o P M , 
1-775-9733 

E x p e rie n c e d d ie se l tru c k me chonic to wark with White trucks 
E E O employer 497-3711 

 r n 
Full or port time for rehabilitation n u rsin g. E x ce lle n t s a la ry a n d ' fringe benefits. Call M rs. Watts, 
D ire c to r of N u r s in g , co lle c t 
512-672-2831, M onday thru Friday, I 
9 A M -3P M , T e xas Rehabilitation 
Hospital, Gonrales, Texas._______ 

R N S N E E B E D 

I"P R IM A R Y CARE 

I 
R N ’ s 

 f l Primary core facility now toking applications for RN s interested in total patient core. 
Contact 
P#rsonn«l Office 
LUTHERAN GENERAL 
HOSPITAL-NORTH 
793o Floyd Curl Dr. 
691-1227 
An Equal Opportunity Employer 

RN Supervisor 3-11 
R N s and L V N s 
F U L L 
P A R T T IM E 
E X P E R IE N C E D A ID E S 
N o n - s m o k e r s p le a se a p p ly toom-12 Hillside M anor 831o Gault 
Lane. 828-o6o6 
______ 

CONSTRUCTION 
SUPERVISOR 

Supervise Job Superintendents, Doing Take-offs, 
Bidding, Scheduling, Expediting. 

CALL COLLECT TO JERRY BERNSTEIN, 
HARRY REED & COMPANY 

1-713-524-81o8 Between 3:3o PM and 5:3o PM 

Send resumes to 
2444 TIMES BLVD., HOUSTON, TX 77oo5 

SEW ING 
MACHINE 
MECHANIC 
NEEDED 

* M ust be Experienced 

EXP. MACHINIST 
D.S. Anthony & Sons 
1235 W. Laurel 734 5121 
E X P S E W IN G M A C H IN E 
O P E R A T O R S ond C U T T E R S needed tor im m ediate positions 
H o u r s 8 4:3o M o n F r i 
C a ll 
337-711o for further information 

AIR CONDITIONING 
INSTALLATION 
HELPERS 
Needed 

 t Minimum 6 months experience 

> Transportation and some tools required 

342-31o5 
9 om-4 pm weekdays 

R V 
P A R T S , 
A C C E S S O R Y j 
C L E R K 
M ust hove R V parts and Acces so ry store e xperien ce or prior b a c k g ro u n d in Auto D arts w ar- 
I chousing, m arketing or m ilitary su p p ly 
S a la r y c o m m e n su rate with exp e rien ce A p p ly: South 
Texas Trollers. 1121o IH 35 North, 
W te d n cr R d exit or C a ll B ill 
Dinsm ore, 653 4161 
Equal Opportunity E m ployer 
I S c h o o l B u s d r iv e r s n e e d e d , 
Northslde ISO 435 Hunt Lone, we i troin, retirem ent ond sick leave benetit. Coll 673-3776 8am 4pm 
SEAMSTRESS j Experienced, ladies apparel E x 
I cedent benefits Aooiy in person 
M E N G E R S M A R T SH O P . North 
Star Moll 
_ 
______________ 
S E R V IC E ST A T IO N M E C H A N IC needed, a p p ly in p e rso n , 3o27 
Nacogdoches, 82? o729___________ 
I Service Station Attended , must be experienced. 518 Austin Hwy 
826 o14? 
_ 
S U P E R T I N T E N O E N T E slo b 
| lashed Construction Firm looking for experienced Superintendent. coll 494 34o1____________________ _ 
I T H E T E X A S A R M Y N A T IO N A L 
G U A R D H A S O P E N IN S F O R 
I C O O K S . . M E C H A N IC S . C O M 
, M U N IC A T IO N 5 
F IR E D IR E C j T IO N P E R S O N N E L 
C L E R K S 
C A N N O N E E R 
T R U C K 
D R IV E R S 
F IN A N C E 
I S P E C IA L IS T S 
I One weekend per month and two weeks in sum m er 5I2 226 2691 
T ru c k d riv e r needed 
L u m b e r yard exp necessary Apply 34oo I 
Fredericksburg Rd 733 9117 

FRONTIER 
DRIVE-IN 
NO. 9 

7727 Goliad Rd. 

Now accepting applications for 
COOK 
CAR HOP 
★ Generous benefit program 

Apply in person to Manager 

Equal Opportunity Employer 
Male/femaln 

JACK-IN-THF BOX 
FAMILY RESTAURANTS 

Abound with opportunities for sharp individuals seeking full or part lime positions. 

 a flexible hours 
• Good Starting Pay 
• Performance raises 
• Company paid benefits tn dude hospitoliiotion and vacation 
• Great growth potential 

Apply in person A am 11 am 
3315 San Pedro 
(Na phone rails please) 
Equal Opportunity Employer 

U P H O L S T E R E R with m achine needed 6558oo1 

UPHOLSTERS 
$ day week, h osp itoliiotion, in surance vacation 
Call 
Coiler! 
713 865 3678 
545 up S H IP P IN G R E C E IV IN G 
: co advance-good w orkers. Sarah 
732 2191, 25o1 W est A ve. Jo b s 
North Inc Personnel Consultants. 

JACK IN THE BOX 
FAMILY RESTAURANTS 
Needs Night People full and pod time positions available 

Mature ond stnble individuals grow with on industry leader whirh offers 
• P a id V a c a tio n 
• H o sp ita liz a tio n 

 lf you are alert, responsible and a night owl. apply in person anytime 
12o2 Austin Hwy. 
No phone calls please tquol Opportunity Implsytr 

W anted good experienced blade , 

 a»vntr,Jonraon|nh rW A nnrt C o o k s helper for P r I VO te‘ OI f IS 
U A 7 n ? n ; r l, a n < a U n J n V m c a n 1 P 
M o y 3 o ,h 
* « tg u » t 15th 
V A tf1SD @ C U O n$r CMS© W il lin g IO jO rtnH firfi Y * *L12- JVA I til? work in Northw est Son Antonio 
?£Lnflt r?■'... Z lll J 'iJ J S L m ---------- 
Coll between 3-7pm 658 4135 
C O O K S needed tor im m ed iate 
'IT JQVi'Z'..;T v ; . : : : I em ploym ent for one of Boerne s 
W anted good experience T ruck ra O au ra n K oniv lo min 

 laMansion Motor 
Hotel 
112 College St. 

Accepting applications for ex patterned restaurant 
• (ASHIER 
• BARTENDER 
• WAITRESSES 
• COOKS 
• BUS HHP 
• AISO NEID 
PBX OPERATOR 

Excellent frin g e b e n e fits apply in person 
Room 331 
3 oo m . 4 p m M o n -fri 

Finish carpenters Needed 
2818 
N E Loop 41o, P e lic a n 's W harf. 
Call 657-222o 

FITTER 
Lillie Rubin Salon 

116 Centro! P ork Malt apply in person or coil 
342-9323 M rs Barnet* equal opportunity employer 
58oo F O R E M A N to supervise line w o r k e r s - b ilin g u a l 
55 
C in d y 
732-2191, 25o1 W e st A v e Jo b s 
North Inc. Personnel Consultants 

'Immediate opening for an| 

Operating Room Supervisor] 

 and an OR Tech. in a 1oo-bad | 

 fully accredited hospital. At­ 

 tractive salary and excellent! 

'fringe benefits. Please 

 tact the Administrator - o M.| 

(ogdell Memorial Hospital 

Snyder, Texas 79549. Equal | 

Opportunity Employer.'' 

RN and IVN 
11-7 
AN fringe benefits 

PN S and L V N s applications being acc e p te d fo r sta ff re lie f a n d private duty, part or full time. 
C h o o se sh ift a n d h o u rs. 
Hom em akers Upjohn 224-2341 

THI n u wet e TO CALI 
IS 275 1666 
EXPRESS ANO M IW ) 

Southside ISO need re giste re d 
N u rse tor Title I Su m m e r p ro ­ gram . 4o d a ys, 57oo a m onth. 
Location 
M artinoz-Losova 
Rd. 
626-2346 
X-Ray Technician for Dr Clinic, excellent hours ond pay, pension fund A vailab le now R e p ly E x ­ press News Box 4477, San Anton­ io, Tx. 78297 
_ 

614 SKILLS TRADES 
Air Conditioning Sub contractors, top pay. 734-7253 Mr. Reed 
An e s ta b lis h e d firm , w a n ts qualified concrete Foreman. M ust have experience, good benefits 
Coll 344-8948 after 7 3o pm 

SHIPPING CLERK 

M ust know city, and have minimum 3 years exper­ ience. Top salary. 

A pp ly in person to 
Mr. Leal no ph o n e calls 

Plaza Furniture Co. 
2 2 3 W . C o m m e rce 
Opposite City Halt 

 a iiH fiiiu iiiiif lU H u m h im im m ib 

A P P L IA N C E S E R V IC E M A N for w ashers, dryer, ranges. E x p e r­ iencedj>nly^ 342-176o._____________ 
B A R B E R wonted. A pply in p er­ son 2343 Vance Jackson 8om-6pm 

BODYWORK 
Experience necessary, plenty of work, apply In person, Calm bach 
Co. D A T S U N , 2719 F re d e rle k s- burg Rd. 
B R IC K L A Y E R S and M A S O N R Y 
S U B C O N T R A C T O R S needed im ­ mediately 655-45o5 
_______ 

= 
I 
I 
= 
I ii 
* 
: 3 
I 
' 3Iis 

NEEDED AT oNCE1 
EXPERIENCED 
ELECTRICAL 
HELPERS 
2 or 3 years house wiring expeflence 
FOSS ELECTRIC CO. 
9 o 1 o A e ro 
8 2 4 -2 3 5 8 

{ C A R P E N T E R S 
Help solve the energy crisis. VISTA has openings for 14 experiented carpenters to work on weathenzo- tion and housing rehob protects in 
Arkansas, Okla, Texas, louisiana 
Must be self-motivrted, flexible, im­ aginative ond have ability to work with different cultural, ethnic and sociol groups You'll be responsible for on job training and setting up self-help community programs. No upper age limit Prefer no depen­ dents VISTA provides volunteer liv­ ing allowance, medico! toveroge, mony other benefits 
Call collect 
(512) 397-5925, ext. 4 

C O M P O SIT IO N S H IN G L E R S 
M U S T H A V E C R E W 
Contact M ike Beidon 341-31o1 
D E L IV E R Y . M a tu re m an with v a n or tru c k tor p o rt tim e d e live ry and som e p ub lic rela- tions. Call M r. Caraw ay, 828-6244 

DRAFTING $4 br 
1233 SW M ilitary 922-2711 Job 
Experts Inc. Placement Service 
D R A F T S M A N wanted E stim a t­ ing in M achine dratting d ep art­ ment. Experience necessary with a gro w in g m a n u fa ctu rin g com pony. Benefits include holidays, hospitalization and paid vacation 
Steelheod Inc. 1o322 M o u rsu n d 
Blvd. 628-1o66 
56oo D R IV E R S 51ooo 
City D e live ry, Natl Co. tra in s 
Need 31 John Ham pton 923-4369 
Jobs South Placement Service 413 
SW Military______________________ 
D R IV E R S 56oo-58oo local or in­ state. B ig R ig s to V a n s C ind y 
732-2191, 25o1 W est A ve. Jo b s 
North Inc. Personnel Consultants 

F R A M E R S w anted, la rg e sub division in need of experienced 
Fram e rs Steady work, 494-34o1, 
8 3o om-5 pm, M onday-Fridoy 

OFFSET PRESSMAN 
Exp oHset pressmen, great op portunity to advance os o craftsman You will leorn to operate the newest 2 ond 3 color rotary forms presses 
Good pay, excellent working conditions, oil fringe benefits, including profit shoring. 
Professional 
Business Forms 
227-5321 

D r iv e r 
(d u m p t r u c k ) between 3 7pm 6S8 4)35J 

 r m i f a d in g restaurants Only 3o min t a ules from Son Antonio Excellent 
------------------------------------------------ I salary, day or night shifts owalia 
I W a n te d ' P a in tin g Sub C ontrac- jbte, open 7 days. 24 hrs on wee j tors, su b d ivisio n in need of ex- |kends 
Coil Dennis Sam lp m ai 
I perrenced Pointing Sub Contrac 
I 249 9917 
34o1' 8 3o 5 I C O O K S Two vacancies exist for 

RESTAURANT MGRS. 
ASSISTANT MGRS. 

 needed for Son Antonio and other moior U S. cities 
• 
Top pay ond fringe benefits 

Contact Dave Kelleher 
3 4 9 -2 4 o 7 
S m u g g le r ’s Inn 
R e sta u ran ts Inc. 
Nationwide Restaurant 
Organization 

Pm. M onday-Fridoy 
W A N T E D O V E R T H E R O A D 
T R U C K D R IV E R S 
'M a n and wife team s O K . M in i im um age 25 M in im u m exper. 
| ience 2 ye ars No d riving exper­ ience n e c e ss a ry for wife. T r i­ state leased trucks. Joplin. M is 
S o u ri. C o li b e tw e e n 1 o-4P M 
M o n d a y -F rid o y (417) 623-6916. 
J Equal Opportunity Em ployer 
52 3o W arehouse 12 5ohr 
Need 4' No exp nee 

 two fem ale coo ks to w ork ut youth com p near Com fort, T X 
S t a r t in g M a y 29 a n d e n d in g 
August 13,1977 Excellent salary plus room and board Interested p e rso n s should w rite C om o D i­ rector, PO Box 537, Comfort, Tx, 
78o13 or coll I 995 3617. 
COUNTER HELP 

 train D ove C risp 923 4367 Jobs 
South Placem ent Service 413 SW 

M ust be attractive and have neat 
W ilting to | appearance 
Apply in person 

F u rn itu re re p a ir ond touchup p erson P a rtlm e 
E x p e rie n c e d p re fe rre d N o S m o k in g 

L E A R N A T R A D E : We train you I M iii tory__________________________ in field of printed packaging films, j W A R E H O U S E M E N w a n t e d job with future in rapidly grow ing | A pply in person ot L iv in g W in 

Poy 
41o. 
F IS H E R S. 145o N E Loop 
Vinnrt !co s,o r* M-To an hour, periodic , dows Corp 
4JF4JUO 
H M ie a e it tx* Ie i s in i n n n e n n n Is n 
! 

HAIR STYLIST 
W ITH F O L L O W IN G O N L Y 
Free sham poo girl, SSS, Central 
Park Moll area. 342 9496 
S3 5ohr M achinist SShr 
Need 8 today! Knowledge lathes ond mills. A + Co. with future ond benefits. Ike Kelly 923-4366 Jobs 
South Placement Service 413 SW 
Military 
S3hr W elders SShr 
Need 4, more exp more money 
Lg Co. Dave C risp 923-4367 Jobs 
South Placem ent Service 413 SW 
Military 

B u rg la r alarm installation and I z servicem en, experien ced only. 
54.75-S5.5o per h our. W o rk in 
Houston 
Certified 
Alarm 
1-713-522-1o21________________ 

 n il I III I ll III ll IH I IIH! n m | (KieggHIIYn 

Burglar alarm service m an need­ ed immediately, night hours, only experienced need apply. 226-1267 
B u sin e ss m achine salesm an de­ sirin g m anagem ent opportunity with g ro w in g com p any, s a la ry open. Coll 342-3124 for appt.______ 
C A B IN E T M A K E R S 
A N O A S S E M B L E R S 
Coll for opp’t 333-4611 

C A R P E N T E R S , su b -c o n tra c t, transportation and tools required, 
349-o642, 8 am-1o am 
Reasonable 
Rooting and 
Rem odeling 

C A R D R IV E R S wanted, apply In person, South T e x a s T ire Test 
Fleet, Devine, Tx. 819 N. T ra n ­ sportation Dr. 
C A R P E N T E R H E L P E R S2.7S hr must be exp. Need today. Rosie 
732-2191, 25o1 W e st A ve . J o b s 
North Inc. P e rsonnel Consultants 

C E N T R A L A IR 
C O N D IT IO N IN G S E R V IC E M A N needed. Experien ce required in residential and sm all com m ercial system s. Too pay tor qualified man. Plenty of work. M an y com ­ pany benefits. Y O U N G P L U M B ­ 
IN G CO., Port Lava ca, Texas 
I 1 - 5 S 2 - 6 7 3 3 __________________ 
'C o m m e rc ia l a p p lia n ce se rvice technician experienced in ranges, d ish w a sh e rs, o v e n s and d isp o ­ sals. M ust be reliable, ambitious and neat in appearance Good pay and benefits fo r rig h t person. 
135-2811 for appointm e n t ________ 

TRUCK 
DRIVER 

M ust be experienced. Bilin­ gual. Know city well. 

See Mr. Gonzalez at 
BELL F U RN ITU RE 
1o3 I. C o m m e rce 

(N o phone calls) 

Electronic Technicians 
To tra in fo r in s t a lla t io n a n d re p a ir of m ed ical X - ra y e q u ip ­ m ent. A s s o c ia te d e g re e , or equivalent required G ood pay, b enefits. M u s t h o v e ow n cor 
C om pany car on com pletion of training 
Call 
Personnel at 
684-3833________ __________________ 
E sta b lish e d pest co n tro l firm needs helper, m ust h a v e tra n ­ sp o rta tio n to a n d fro m w o rk 
References required and m ust be bondable. M inim um wage. Call 
342-2482__________________________ 
Experienced Carpenter wanted, exc e lle n t w o rk in g co n d itio n s, good pay, apply in person only at 
722 Park Ridge, see M r Fiser. 
E xperien ced Jo h n so n -E vin ru d e 
O B m echanic, have n o rm al m e­ chanic tools, 4o hr w ork w eek 
52oo par week if Qualified Call 
648-1341 

Concrete w orkers, form setters, steel tiers, fin ish e rs, la b o re rs. 
349-4237, 341-3771._________________ | 
C O N S T R U C T IO N S U P E R I N ­ 
T E N D E N T . G eneral C o tra cto r specializing in C om m ercial and institutional Buildings has open ing for Construction Superinten­ dent; must hove Held experience , coordinating projects from start to finish 522,ooo-525,ooo, plus ben efits. Send resum e to Box 7o38, 
Am arillo, Texas 
_______ 

S2.3ohr W ork S3hr 
Nothing fancy, lust a paycheck 
Fri. For a weeks work. Full time ond permonent ike Kelly 923-4366 
Jobs South Placem ent Service 
413 SW M ilitary__________________ 
H V Y E Q U IP M E N T M E C H A N IC 
Se rv ice O ilfield G o t C o m p re s­ sors. 
Pickup, expenses 
55 5o 
633-o382__________________________ 
Immediate ODening For 
P R O D U C T IO N W E L D E R 
Exp. in A rc and M ig w eld ing 
Blackwell 
Burner 
4418 
W 
Commerce___________ ___ 

INDUSTRIAL PLANT 
MECHANIC 
M ust hove m echanical equipmnf experience. Desirable: Some pipe fitting ond electrical experience 
T r a in in g p r o g r a m 
C o m p a n y benefits. C all for appointm ent 
9om-l2 noon 223-294o____________ 
IN T E R IO R D E S IG N 
1233 SW M ilitary 922-2711 Job 
Experts Inc. Placem ent Service 
J o u rn e y m a n c a rp e n te r, m in im u m J y e a r s exp erien ce, m ust have tools and transporta- 

 raise s while training, group ho- spitilization. paid holidays, va ca ­ tion, profit sharing + other fringe 
[b enefits 
R o ta tin g sh ifts w ith p re m iu m pay 15c on hr, 4o hr week Coll 222 17oo, 8cm-12 noon 
L IC E N S E D P L U M B E R S 57 per 
|hour + be n e fits tor q u a lifie d plum bers 
See 
Tim 
Hart, 
915 
Creekview 

MACHINIST $4+hr 
1233 SW M ilitary 922 2711 Job 
Experts Inc Placement Service 
51oo Maintenance ilSOwk 
Lite ability, Nail Co. with future 
J o h n H a m p to n 923-4366 J o b s 
South Placem ent Service 413 SW 
M ilitary 
M akeup ond skin core specialist needed for H a ir P o rt B e a u ty 
Salon Coll for oaot. 341-59o4, atter 
6pm 696 8854_____________________ 
M A SO N -- P L A S T E R E R IS up, ex­ perienced only need apply 829 i N oggings 
___________________ 

55oo W A R E H O U S E SP O T S inexp to exp -full co benefits. C in d y 
732-2191, 25o1 W est A v e 
Jo b s 
North Inc. Personnel Consultants 
2 W A Y R A D IO T E C H N IC I A N 
| w onted for W ichita F a lls area 
I Top w a ge s by old e sta b lish e d 
: com pony (817)723-7155__________ 

WELDER $4 fir 
1233 SW M ilitary 922 2711 Job 
Experts Inc Placem ent Service 
54oowk M anager Trainee SSOOwk 
All co benefits Work with leading clothing store, Southside A + fu­ ture Ester Moreno 923 436o Jobs 
South Placement Service 413 SW 
M ilitary 

Whopperburger 
2922 
West 
M Ave 
______ TO: 3oam— 2pm______ 
Expert 
W o it re s s e s s in B O T H 
Food and Coctail Apply in person 
92oo 
Broadw ay 
Restaurant 
Papa s 

MECHANIC 

Experienced custom cabinet cu tout person needed L o n g term tikn’ ^ o o rB ro o d w av’sw T M O employment, inexperienced need t'<>n 4oo' Broadw ay 826 776o not opply. 661-3647 anytime. 
Experienced Carpet 
Mechanics and Helpers 
Good Pay. Steady w ork 
Other benefits. Apply in person at 
O’Krent Floor Covering 
________ 3oo Son Pedro__________ 
E x p e rie n ce d on ly re to ll m e a l counter man 
433 9o11 
526 
N 
Zarzom oro 

K S A T TV will accept applications for the p o s itio n of T V n e w s cam era person until 5-23-77. M ust be skilled in film and EN G , on I year experience. E q u a l Oppor- tunity Em oployer M F.____________ 
L a n d s c a p e 
Co h ir in g two gardners for full time work E x ­ p e rie n c e d m en o n ly. 4o h o u r week 52 3s to begin M ust furnish own transportation 342-742o 

H igh school graduate, J y e a rs m inim um experience, must have ow n h a n d fo o ls on d D r iv e r s 
License 
Pay eauitable with exoerienee 
__________ 341 8291___________ _ 

MECHANIC'S HELPER 
M ust hove experience 
A P P L Y IN P E R S O N 
7o5 S.ALAMO 

MECHANIC to $6 br 
1233 SW M ilitary 922 2711 Job 
Experts Inc Placement Service 

NEED CARPENTERS 
F o r W hite B uffalo Corp. m ust h a v e e x p e rie n c e a n d to o ls 
824 7oo6 - 344 9454 atter 6pm 
N E E D E D I M M E D I A T E L Y ! 
2 E X P E R I E N C E D 
C A R P E T L A Y E R S 
TO P P A Y 1924-6241 
Need experienced R E F R IG E R A ­ 
T IO N and A IR C O N D IT IO N IN G 
M E C H A N IC . C o m m e r c ia l a p ­ plications. 
Coli 
696-84)4 for appointment 

616-FOOD PRINK SERVICES 

Applications Being Accepted 
F U L L A N D P A R T T IM E 
H E L P W A N T E D 
Apply beteen 8 3o-nom or 2 5om 
B IL L M I L L E R B A R BO 135 S 
W W White Rd____________________ 
A S S IS T A N T M A N A G E R 
O R T R A IN E E 
H ard work, long hours, m ediocre solory, excellent benefits ond ad­ vancem ent op p ortu n ity for the right individual Apply in person ogiy S A M B O s on Babcock_______ 
A S S IS T A N T M A N A G E R , exper ience preferred, opply in person, , 
Billy-B 'S.restaurant. 918 N M ain see M r G a rc ia __________________ 
B A R T E N D E R E S S - W ill T ra m 
Aoply in person. Restouront- Bar, 
2121 N St. M a r y ’s, 223-o4o7 ask for G l a d y s . _____________________ 

E X P E R IE N C E D W A IT R E S S E S . apply in person at Billy R S, 918 N 
Main, see M r G o rd o ____________ 

EXP FRY COOK 
It P M TO 7AM 
C A L L 732 o54o 
W A F F L E H O U SE 
4441 F R E D E R IC K S B U R G R D 
Post Short Order (fook. relief shift and afternoon shift open, apply rn person to M r Regon, Billy R 's No 
197 betw een IO cm ond 2 am , 
Jones M altsb erger Rd and Loop 
41o_______________________________ 
F O O D M G M T experience. M ex icon food, downtown, salary open 
W ell e s ta b lis h e d b u s in e s s . 
494 5238, M rs Rose_______________ 
Full ond port time cooks ond w ai­ tre sse s 
D o s A m ig o s M e x ic a n 
Restaurant, 
8624 
Jones 
Maltsberger._____________________ 
H E L P E R B akery work 
343o E 
Commerce. 

W A N T E D FO R 
O F F S H O R E 
D e p e n d a b le w ell g ro o m e d s te w a rd s, b a k e rs on«j g a lle y hands Toe eornlngs tor qualified person n e l plus a d d itio n al ben efits Rapid promotion for proven ability. M ust hove own transpor­ tation ond telephone, Som e lobs a v a ila b le fo r in d iv id u a ls w ith oassport and se a m a n 's p a a e rv 
Also lobs available on the E a st ond West Coost ond A laska P e r­ sonnel in te rvie w at A R A S E R 
V IC E S , Junction of L A Hw y 24 ond 3!6, G a ry L o u isia n a 7o359 
(5o4)876 o881 Or I 822 535 5948 An 
Equal Opportunity Em ployer 

618 PART TIME 

H IR IN G IM M E D IA T E L Y * M ixed 
Drink Bartendress, days, apply in person, D anny's, 172o N. M om 
Ave.______________________________ 
K IT C H E N A T T E N D A N T , only d e p e n d a b le a p ­ plicants need apply San P e d ro 
Manor, 616 W Russell, opply in person____________________________ 

Bayous Seafood and Spirits 
W aiters and W aitresses 
Oyster Shucker 
Weekend Dining Room Cocktail w aitresses 
Part Time Cook 
2617 W agon Wheel_______828-5726 
C o s h ie r -H o st e s s C o m b in a tio n w anted, e xp e rien ce preferred, apply in person only to Billy R 's 
N o 
197, at 98 N E LOOP 41o b e tw een 
IO am -2 pm 
Fridov-M onday, see M r, Regan only._____________________________ 
C O C K T A IL W A IT R E S S , exper ienced, The N utcracker Club. 7321 
San Pedro, apply I pm-3pm 
C O C K T A IL W A IT R E S S wanted in 
Northwest area 341-9831 

N IG H T D IS H W A S H E R 
N O R T H S ID E _________________ 342 9o39 
P R IV A T E recreational com m uni­ ty in Southwest Texas is seeking a 
Qualified person to fill the position of restaurant ond bar m anager. 
Submit complete resum e mclud tng m inim um salary to Express- 
Box 4363, Son Antonio, Tx 78297 
S O U L K IT C H E N n eed s C ook. 
W aitress and Bartender 432 9/86 

WAITER-WAITRESS 
Too salary, good tips tree Pork tog 24 hour fam ily re stau ran t 
E A R L A B E L 'S 42oo Broadw ay to v int iM > itsi K tsu iiy 
ON 6 W A N * AO 
THI N U M St* TO (A U 
15 225-1o6o 
11 eof 55 ANO NtW S 

N E E D E X T R A M O N E Y ? 
Lo ca l m o v in g c o m p o n y n eed s lady p a cke rs part tim e E x p e r ience no essential, will troin M ust hove cor ond phone 333 333o 
R E C E P T IO N IS T • H O S T E S S 
Good pay, tost raises, no exp will 

62o Help Wanted 
Miscellaneous 

AMBITIOUS 
INTELLIGENT 
Individuals needed for perm anent y e a r ro u n d p a rt tim e employm ent. Professional work, overage 12 hrs per week, A M and 
P M ho u rs a vaila b le 
M in im u m 
Qualifications 
I. O ver 21 J High school graduate 3. Bondable Call tor appt 
732-5611 
M onday-Fridoy 1oam 2pm 
Equal opportunity em ployer 
A P A R T M E N T - f B A N A G E R A N D 
A S S IS T A N T M A N A G E R S N E E D 
E O 
E x p e r ie n c e d o n ly. G o o d solory, plus opt 
A P A R T M E N T J O B S O F S A 
828 9196 
Em ploym ent Consultants 
A P T S E C U R I T Y O F F IC E R S , 
Needed. Experienced preferred 
G o o d s a la r y a n d b e n e fits 
A P A R T M E N T JO B S O F S A 
828 9194 
Em ploym ent Counselors 

A S S IS T .-*;::: .Man 
G rounds Keeper, 341 4444 
^ 

62o • HELP WAITED 
MISCELLANEOUS 
62o-HELP WANTED 
MISCELLANEOUS 

EMPLOYMENT 
OPPORTUNITIES for persons of 
AMERICAN 
INDIAN 
DESCENT 

The Texas Indian Employment Training Service, Inc. has im­ mediate openings available in its statewide employment training program. 

 lf you are a descendent of an American Indian tribe and hove a need for immediate employment or vocational training, we can assist you in your own community. 

Employment and Training programs exist in the fields of health, public service, education, construction, and business. 
To learn if you qualify and receive additional information contact: 

Mr. D C. M cG oughy (M cG oy) 8 2 4 -2 6 3 ) 
8 A M to S PM w e ekd ays 

 or the central adm inistrative office at 

 oreo code 713 563-4389 

TELEPHONE SALES 
High School Students 
W ork 5-9 W eekdays 
And 9-5 Saturdays 
$2.3o Per Hr. + Bonus 
Full Time Also 
O N BUS LINE 
For Interviews Call 
225-281o 
A n Equal Opportunity Employer 

62o • Help Wanted 
Miscellaneous 

622 DOMESTIC 
622 DOMESTIC 

$$ EXTRA CASH $$ 

UP TO $25o PER 
MONTH 

BOYS-GIRLS-ADULTS 
DELIVER EVENING 
NEWS ROUTES 

2 to 3 hrs. Each Evening 

SATURDAY AND SUNDAY 

MORNINGS 

BLANCO, LOOP 41o 

NACOGDOCHES 

HILDEBRAND 

 for Information Call 

225-741 1, ext. 121 

Before 5:oo p.m. 

An Equal Opportunity Employer 

\u¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥% 
5 SALES MANAGEMENT * 
J 
MAN OR WOMEN % 

^ 
To enter Sales Management development program after ^ making just IO sales. Successful applicants can expect ^ 
^ earnings of SI 5,ooo-518,ooo the first year and $2o,ooo- -^C 
^ 
$22,ooo the second year. Applicants must be willing to ^ work 5o hours a week, provide the best of references, ^ 
W some college preferred. 

^T e ach in g , soles or experience working with people ^ helpful. Position offers initial salary of $1oo per week t * - 
V 
+ co m m issio n a n d b o n u se s, profit sh a rin g, 
^ l i b e r a l insurance. C o m p lete training. 

For personal interview send a resume to: yC. 
^ 
Personnel M anager 
-if 
£ 
1635 NE Loop 41o 
^ 
Suite 9o2 
^ 
San Antonio, TX 782o9 

Equal Opportunity Employer 
. 
% ¥ ¥ ¥ ¥ ¥ ¥ ¥ ¥ ¥ ¥ ¥ ¥ & 

I S2s smwnwis wxmrp 

I R e sp o n sib le h ig h sc h o o l stu de n t 
' con do typ in g, y a r d w o rk . b a b y ­ sitting, c le an in g h o u se s a nd other o d d s a n d e n d s. W o r k in N o r t h e a st D istric t 653-5*5o____________ 
R e su m e s p ro fe ssio n a lly w ritten. m y hom e. T yp in g, m a n u sc rip ts, 
■ etc. E x p e rie n c e d , Q ualified. E x - j p e r ie n c e d c o p y w r it in g , p r o o ­ fre a d in g. B a b y s it h a n d ic a p p e d . 
Expe rie nce d. 824-6475. 

123o 
* 
* 

R e t ir e d 
X - r a y t e c h n o lo g is t available for p arttim e w o rk, fill in for v o c a tio n p e r io d s o r st e a d y em ploym ent. 732-1835 

R efired 15 y e a rs P e rso n n e l M a n ­ a g e m e n t e x p e rie n c e . IO Y e a r s 
E E O , IO y e o r s L a b o r M g t r e la ­ tions experience. So m e fa m ilia ri­ ty with com p u te rs. D e gre e , p lu s add hou rs. C all 341-16o1. S a la r y negotiable. 341-1461. 
R e t r ir e d . W ilt d o y a r d w o r k . 
R e aso n a b le a n y day. 735-o171. 
S e c r e t a r y - r e c e p t io n ls t p o s it io n w an te d. 5 y r s to tal e x p e r ie n c e b a n k in g a n d c le r ic a l w o r k . In ­ c lu din g 2 y r s iega l office, e x p e r ­ ience. B ilin gu al, type 55-4o W P M , no sh o rth a n d . D o w n to w n , So u th ­ sid e , o r S W a r e a p r e f e r r e d . 
Sa la ry 5525 up 434-1o3o. 

SECURITY POSITION 

Immediate Employment for 

SECURITY OFFICERS 

Training program now being offered for qualified applicants 

Must be available for vorious shifts. 
CAN YOU QUALIFY? 

Interviewing Monday-Friday 8 am 6 pm 
No Phone calls 

STANLEY SMITH 

SECURITY INC. 

211 W. Olmos 

{q u a l O p p o r t u n it y e m p lo y e r 

D o m e s t ic H e lp w a n te d . Y o u n g la d y to w o r k s t e a d y t o r g e n t ­ lem an, light h ou se w o rk, take c a re of s m a ll h o m e , p la in c o o k in g , live-in M u st d riv e cor, 735 8o39 

G24 SITUXTIONS WANTED 

G e n e ra l h o u se k e e p in g 2 d a y s a week in O lm o s P a rk . T ra n s p o rta ­ tion n e e d e d , on b u s lin e, m u st speak 
E n g lis h a nd refe ren ce s. 
824 5223 

H o u s e k e e p e r n e e d e d , 3 s c h o o l children, 342-3797 otter 5 pm 

L iv e - in b a b s it t e r n e e d e d i m ­ m e d ia t e ly , 4 c h ild r e n , w a g e s , room a nd b oa rd 344 7772 
L iv e In h o u se ke ep e r, b ab ysitte r, fom ily of 5, 498-2488 

L iv e in h o u se k e e p e r, e n jo y the com forts of a 4 b ed roo m hom e in the northeast, lite h o u se ke e p in g , la u n d r y a n d c a r e fo r 3 s c h o o l a ged child ren N eed im m ed iately. 
453 o852 o r 828 5172 

L ive -In h ou se ke ep e r to take care of three d a u g h te rs. C a stle H ills a re a , s a la r y n e g o tia b le , p h o n e 
341-1219. S u n d a y only. 

ALL EMPLOYED 
EARN UP TO $5.o7 PER HR. 

National company needs 

M en and wom en to work in marketing and in­ stallation department. N o experience neces­ sary. W ill train. 

Interview By Appt. Only 

7 3 5 - 6 1 5 1 

EARN EXTRA CASH 
IN SPARE TIME 
M O R N IN G EXPRESS ROUTES 
S O M E O F THE BEST R O U T ES IN T O W N 
• OLMOS PARK — 826-6o28 
• WOODLAWN LAKE— 927-2826 
• LOS ANGELES HTS. — 735-4547 

IF NO ANSW ER CALL 
225-74! I, EXT. 122 

A n E q u a l O p p o r t u n it y E m p lo ye r 

ASSISTANT 
APT. 
MANAGER 

Excellent prom ot­ ional opportunity. N o pets - N o children. 

824-2322 

L iv e -in m a id , n o r t h s id e f o m ily s e e k in g to e m p lo y d e p e n d a b le w o m a n to d o g e n e r a l h o u s e k e e p in g 
W o u ld liv e o n p re m ise s for 5 d a y s a week. M u st be able to c o n v e rs e in S p a n ish , references required. 342-2127 
Live-in m a id position with fa m ily of 4 for the w o m a n w ho w ould like to live in and help wife with h ou ­ s e k e e p in g a n d c h ild c o r e C a ll 
341 322) (8am 5pm ) 
Sp an ish sp e a k in g m a id for F rid a y w ork, m u st h a v e c a r a nd r e fe r ­ ences 492 1834 

W ant couple to live on ra n c h to take care of hom e a nd fam ily N o children. G ood cook and efficient h o u s e k e e p e r . 
R e f e r e n c e s reauired. G ood sa la ry. C all D ia n e 
225-2944. 

E x p . M e d ic a l A s s is t a n t d e s ir e s c le rica l o r c lin ica l w o rk in D o c ­ tor's office o r m e d ica l instituion 
733-143o. 
Fem ale college student w ould like w ork in a v e te rin a ria n c lin ic o r kennel. A sk tor B a r b a r a 494-28o4 
Fem ale h igh school student inter­ ested in w o rk in g p art-tim e dept. store o r b a b y sittin g . N o r t h s id e preferred 435-8251. 

G E N E R A L M A N A G E R for la rg e horse fa rm se e kin g e m p lo y m e n t on ra n c h w ith h o u se p r o v id e d . 
W illing to w ork. I h o v e e xp e rie nce in breeding, foaling, m a in te n an ce of fo rm a n d e q u ip m e n t. P le a s e contact: D e n n is Fox, P O B o x 141, 
Phoenix, 
M a ry la n d , 
21131. 
1-3o1-472 2444 
G e n e r a l o f f ic e a n d o r o f f ic e m anager- E x p e rie n c e d with both p a y a b le s a n d re c e iv a b le s . C a n f u r n is h g r e a t r e f e r e n c e s . 
458 1453, evenings. 
G eneral office or cre d it c le rk full o r p a rttim e . IO k e y b y to u c h . 
T yp ing 35 W P M . C all 532-51o4. 

1974 G ra d u a te from h igh school, needs w ork. F a th e r is in hospital, m other ca n 't w ork. 222-2798 
G raduate from C h u rch ill Ju n e 1st lo o kin g fo r a c a re e r p r e fe ra b ly m gr. trainee; SO h r week, not just tor su m m e r. A sk for Jon 349-9318 or 341 2888 

S487 J A N I T O R S e x p o r tra in e e d a y a n d n ig h t s h if t . 
S a r a h 
732-2191, 25o1 W e s t A v e . J o b s 
N orth Inc. P e rso n n e l C onsultants. k e e p y o u r full tim e lo b a s w ife and m other and still e a rn e nough in c o m e to e n j o y th e e x t r a lu x u r io u s in life 
F R E E 55oo 
W A R D R O B E . 344-7572 
L E A R N - E A R N h a v e s e v e r a l t r a in in g sp o ts. 52.3o h r. R o s ie 
732 2191, 25o1 W e st A v e . J o b s 
N orth Inc. P e rso n n e l C on sultan ts. 
M a in t e n a n c e m a n w it h la r g e a p a rtm e n t c o m p le x . P lu m b in g , electrical a nd h eatin g e xp e rie n c e e s s e n t ia l. 
L o c a l r e f e r e n c e s required 
A pt turn. 
A p p ly 
116 
V an d erh eck 

M ain te na n ce m an a p p ly in p e rso n or call 441-444o 

624 - SITUATIONS WANTED 

A b T r T e f f n a r t T e r T T T r s T u T T e r c re ative o dv sa les, editing, pub fishing, sa la ry not m a in c o n sid e r ation. 824-1887. 

A b usin e ss m a n a g e r M B A , 2o y r s e x p e r ie n c e in a d m in is t r a t io n , personnel, recrea tio n a nd so c ia l w o rk se e k in g fu ll o r p a r t tim e em ploym ent. C all 484-5492. 
A d ju ste r trainee lob wanted. B S. p e r s o n n e l m a n a g e m e n t . W ill o rove m y value a nd stability. 
457 2o34 
Adult child care in m y hom e, W est 
A ve -V an ce Jackson . 342-5939 

DEALER NEEDED IMMEDIATELY 
IN N A T A L IA 

O I ALER WANTED IN NAT A ll A. IF YOU NEID EXTRA CASH, PLEASE 
CAU DAVID IENN COLLECT 2 2 S - 7 4 II ext. H S or 114 or 828- 
7273 (home phone). 

You will be a dealer representing the Ixpress-News, servicing home delivery (ustomets in the morning and afternoon newstand tacks in the morning and afternoon 

* Excellent tncomc supplement tot someone living in this mea 

* No experience necessary 

* Good transportation required, tor transportation quid 

* Net SADO OO monthly 

4 Work 4 hours doily, 2 hours in the morning ond 2 hours in the evening 

This is good for working fomily. retired persons or housewives or high school students 

A n ( q u a l O p p o rt u n it y E m p lo ye r 

M a in t e n a n c e m a n n e e d e d fo r 
N o rth sid e a p a r t m e n t c o m p le x , m ust be fa m ilia r w ith all face ts of p lu m b in g a n d a ir c o n d it io n in g 
Coll 49o-832o for a p p t _____________ 

M A N H A N D Y with h an d tools to p erform g e n e ra l re p a ir w o rk on 
1 a p a rtm e n ts o n d h o m e s. F u ll or part time. 492 )o72._________________ 
MILITARY TRY THIS 
P o rt time p osition s for n orth sid e retail sto re s So m e re ta il e x p e r ience p refe rre d P o ly g r a p h e xa m required. A ge o v e r 21 p re fe rre d 
A p p ly in p e r s o n D o n s A B e n s 
6oo3 W est Ave, at Loo p 41o________ 
Need m e m b e rs for R O C K B A N D . 
Call 454 5137, D e n n is ______________ 
NEED 
I I people to a ssist m e in b u sin e ss. 
N o e x p e rie n c e n e c e s s a r y 
5175 weekly if qualified. F o r appt, coll 
. 553 7451 
______________________ 
NEED SEWING MACHINE 
OPEEATORS 
On pants, shirts, a nd b lu e leans, if not e x p e r ie n c e d w e w ill te a c h you. A ll b en e fits, fre e p a r k in q , apply 
F ln e silv e r 
M f g 
Co. 
814 
C am a ron 

A m b itio u s, hon est, re lia b le c o l­ lege student d e sire s full tim e p e r­ m anent lob in office w ork. T yp e 55 
W P M , w illing to learn a nd e x p e r­ ience a nyth in g new 927-4954 
14 and 14 yr. old B o y s with good c h a ra c te r re fe re n c e w o u ld like s u m m e r jo b s. E a s t s id e . C a ll 
3374o77. . 

A N Y 
T Y P E 
O F 
W O R K . 
448-o199 

C L E R I C A L 

Ap artm en t m ana gem e n t, m ature, 
I e x p e r ie n c e d , r e l ia b le p r e f e r 
I N o r t h S id e of tow n. A v a ila b le 
I June I. 499 1897_________________ _ 

A p pre ntice office w ork. A tter 3o 
) y rs of hom e m a k in g w ould like to go back to w ork. N o rth sid e only. 
I 344 1845____________________________ 
| A r r iv in g h o m e tro m S e m in a r y 
M a y 29. V a rie d w ork e xp e rie n ce ; 
I U T gra d u a te ; R e fe re n c e s. Seek- j m g su m m e r job S A o r J o h n so n 
I C ity 
P le a s e c a ll 494-1875 a n d leove m essage.____________________ 
S B a b y s it t in g in m y h o m e w e e k ­ d a y s N E oreo. Coll 455-199o. 
B ab ysittin g lob w anted. O r child c are center. 15 Y e a r s old South o r east side preferable. 333-79o8 

Groc. cashier. 2 1 ? exp. So m e e x­ perience in a cc o u n ts receivab le. 
1o-key a d d in g , c h e c k c a s h ln g , m oney o rde r m a king. A n d utility collection and som e exp. in b an k deposits. 433-2822. 

H a v e b r a i n - s t r o n g b a c k - u se either o r both- V et ( e le c tro n ic s tech). Student. 344 4772. 
H a v e p rin tin g p r e s s in m y g a r ­ age. Will prin t m isc. R e ason a b le . 
441 8147____________________________ 

H igh school student d e sire s after school and full tim e su m m e r e m ­ ploym ent, v a rio u s capabilities. 
453-7184. 
H igh school g ra d u a te needs job: p r e fe rs o ffice w o rk , filin g , lite typing, 1o-key. H a s h ad so m e e x­ p e r ie n c e d o in g o f f ic e w o r k . 
922-3433 9am 2 3opm 

'77 H igh sch ool g ra d u a te w ith 2 y e a rs a rchitecture. In te re ste d In both a rc h ite c tu re o n d a u to m e ­ chanics. 
H a v e tran sp o rta tion . 
494 5445 
H ig h s c h o o l s e n io r g i r l s e e k s su m m e r e m p loym e n t. L ig h t ty p ­ ing. Dependable C all 344-7315. 
H o n e s t, k in d , h ig h s c h o o l graduate, 17 y e a rs n ee ds su m m e r lob. D o e s filing, lite typing, l-key, a n sw e r pho n es, ta k e m e ss a g e s. 
Parttim e. C all S y lv ia at 924-2477 otter 4pm___________________________ 

S e e k in g p o sitio n a s a n o c c u p a ­ tional th e rap y a ssista n t, a ctiv ity d ir e c t o r in d a y c a r e c e n te r o r writer. 333-8943____________________ 
S e lf-sta rte r, 1 2 y rs . p u b lic ret, c r e a t iv e a d v , g r a p h ic s , c o p y , salea, p ublishing. 824-7735 

Se nior at M a ssa c h u se tts Institute of T e ch n o lo g y c o m in g h om e for su m m e r, m a jo rin g in b e h a v o ria l science in m a nagem e n t. H o s also ta k e n fo rt r a n , p r o b a b ilit y a n d s t a tist ic s, s o c io lo v - p s v c h o lo g y a n d lite sc ie n c e s. R e s u m e a n d references a v a ila b le on request. 
224-8o52 

S e n io r M e c h a n i c a l e n g i n e e r i n g student at U T A u stin loo king for su m m e r iob. E n g in e e rin g related. 
341-1784 
Student d e sire s w o rk in eng. tech. fie ld . A s s o c ia t e of S c ie n c e in 
M e c h eng. tech. W ill a cc e p t u n ­ related fields, also. A lso stu d y in g 
A.C. and refria. 481-1548. 
Stu d e n t V e te ra n , 24, s e e k s fu ll­ tim e su m m e r iob. E x p , in p a ste ­ up and layout, b a s ic io u rn a lism sk ills. C a ll 734-4484 o r 828-o233 leave m e ssage . 
_________________ 
Stud e nt w a n ts a n y t im e or s u m ­ m e r iob. Sa le s g irl o r lib ra ry job kn o w h ow to file, so m e typ in g, check in and out books. 227-3391. 
S t u d e n t w a n t s s u m m e r jo b . fu lltim e g e n e r a l la b o r, b u sb o y , etc. Call 495-8o84 
S T U D E N T w ill b a b y s it n it e s 
225-1344 o r 227-1441, o sk tor Co Co 
S u m m e r . 
T u t o r in g , m a th 
(e le m e n .) R e a d in g c o m p r e h e n ­ sion, w riting (sim p le se n te nce s - p a r a g r a p h s ) , sp e llin g . P h o n ic s. 
Speech M . Ed. 824-o475. 
W anted: W o rk a s ( O R T ) O p e ra t­ ing R o o m T e cn icia n o r a s n u rse a id e in hospital- w ithin e a s y a c ­ c ess of N orth E a s t Sa n Antonio. 
453-2939. 
W A N T J O B take care of sick or e lderly p erson half day. 534-2141 
W ant n u rse aide job. P re fe r d ay tim e, p a r t tim e iob, b e tw e e n 8 a m 4 P M . W e st sid e • a v a ila b le last w eek of M a y . 434-o4o9. 

W elder, d e sire s full em ploym ent. 
W ill a c c e p t w e ld e r h e lp e r, c a ll 
D avid, 924 28)8.____________________ 
W ill m ake child ren clothes in m y hom e. *5 p e r set. C a ll 333-3339 atter lp m 

W ill tu to r o r te a ch lin g u is t ic s , lit e r a t u r e o r e n g l is h r e la t e d fields. Q u a lific a t io n s B A. + 12 h rs M A. in E n glish . C a ll 435-7554. 
W ish to b a b ysit 2 y r o r otder child with lo v in g c a re in m y h om e in 
W estw ood V illa ge 473-8479. 

W om an w ish e s d a y s w o rk, re fe r­ ence. 
In 
T e rre ll 
Hill section. 
828-498o. 
W ork in a d re ss boutique. E x p e r ­ ie n ce d in d r e s s e s , je w e lry , alt a ccessorie s. 
N and 
N E area. 
492-9938. 

H o u s e w iv e s c o o p -h o m e o ffic e service: Fast, neat, accura te , and d e p e n d a b le . A d d r e s s a n d stu ff envelopes, ge n e ral typing, drafts, cut stencils, etc. C oll 732-9444 or 
455-33o2 between I a nd 3 P M on w eekdays. 

H S g ra d , d e s ir e s fu ll t im e e m ­ p loym ent (c le ric a l) E x p e rie n c e : 
T yp in g (45 w p m ), tra n sc rip tio n , s w it c h b o a r d , c a l c u la t o r (te n key), filing 342-2875 anytim e. 
H S. g ra d w ould like full tim e or port tim e lob a s receptionist, lite type. 
A lso c a sh ie r e xperience. 
448-2392. 

B ab ysittin g in the n orthe a st p ort of to w n , a f t e r n o o n s a n d w e e ­ ke n ds E x p e rie n c e d 455 4945. 

I am an expe rie nce d b u sb o y and stock p erson . H a v e h ealth c a rd for restaru an t a n d stores. 
923-1988. 

W ould like to b a b ysit in m y hom e d a y o r n ig h t s . A ls o d o h o u s e cleaning tw ice a week. Southside. 
922-4217. 
Y a rd w o rk , hou sh o ld m a in te n an ce a n d o th er o d d jobs. C a ll M a r k 
ROssi. 455-5494 
!7 y e a r o ld fe m a le s e e k s e m ­ ploym ent a s w aitre ss, c a sh ie r or o th e rs. Is w illin g to le a rn full, parttim e 922-4483. 
17 ye a r old fe m ale w o u ld like to w o rk a s a c a s h ie r in a c lo th in g s h o p . E x p e r ie n c e w it h c a s h register and tagging. 826-7264 

IS v e a r o ld m a le , h ig h s c h o o l grad, w onts to w o rk parttim e, full time. N u r s in g hom e, sto ck boy, 
N orth W est Section only. 434-o869 
Y o u n g la d y w a n ts: b a b y sittin g , kitchen help; counter help; g e n ­ e ra l house cle a n in g; a d d r e s sin g e n v e lo p e s, little ty p in g , o r d a y c a re c e n te r w o r k e r , c a n w o rk 
Su nd a ys. 433-1865 

I do bab ysittin g at h om e for si.5o on hour 433-5934 

Y o u n g, tee nage b oy w a n ts a iob a s a b u s b o y , n o e x p e r ie n n e , w o rkin g in the su m m e r. 228-9o81 

 t love to w o rk w ith the p u b lic , i v r - °*d B o v w<Ln,s 
.s °Tur- cashier experience. W o u ld like to d? * s , * um.m «r E x c e ' ' e,n ' o r f - w o rk in a d e p a rtm e n t sto re o r 
A le rt E a stsid e areg. 337-4o77. g ro ce ry store. C all 923-4136. 
I 14 yr. old B o y w illing a nd able to w o rk at a n y job g e a re d to m y age level. E a stsid e area. 337-6o77. 
B a b y sittin g , full o r p a rttim e no w e e k e n d s . E a s t w o o d V i l l a g e area. C all anytim e. 337 5167. 

NEEDED 
NOW! 

Part time (evening) 

CASHIERS 

Apply at 

STOP N GO 
MARKETS 

2o4 E. Rhapsody Dr. 

Equal Opportunity Employer 

I 
I 
I 
I 

UNSKILLED 

TEMPORARY 
WORKERS NEEDED 

M er* a n d w o m e n fo r t e m p o ra ry in d u stria l jobs. W o rd a day, a week or lo n g e r — 
B o x cdr u n lo a d in g , fa cto ry w o rk , fre ig h t h an d lin g, g e n e ra l labor. M u st h a v e car a n d te le p h o n e . 
A p p ly in p e rs o n 
9 a m « 3 p m 
PEAKLOAD, INC. 
SIO N. Main 

I 
I 
I 

DISTRICT 
SALES 
M AN AG ER 

M u st h ave re lia b le tran sp o rtatio n w ith liability insurance. 

Early m orn in g hours an d a fte rn o o n h ou rs a va ila b le . 
A p p ly in person 
9 to I I a.m. or 2 to 4 p.m. 
Personnel O ffice 
Express/N ew s 
Corp. an equal opportunity employer 

MAINTENANCE 
ENGINEER 

Technical Background 

Call for appt. 
653-911o 
Ext. 1o4 

COUPLES NEEDED 
C H IL D C A R E 
I G ood hours, apt., utilities, m e als, 
I life a n d m e d ic a l in s u r a n c e + sa la ry for each. F o r a sa tisfy in g lob, call M rs. E lk in s al B o y sv ille 
653-8282 
E q u a l o p p o rtu n ity e m p loye r 
_________________ 

OLAN MILLS it you are a con ge nial, o u tgo in g p e rson , th is is the lo b fo r you. 
Y o u r p a y a n d a d v a n c e m e n t depends on y o u r ow n e n th u sia sm , ability ond desire. N o e xp e rie n c e n ecessary, tra in in g p rovide d . C all 
828-3433 between 9o m -l2__________ 

P est Control Se rvic e m en, e x p e r­ ience helpful but not n e c e s sa ry . 
C o m p a n y b e n e fits. A p p ly C e t i 
E x te rm in a to rs 
122 
B 
W est 
R h a p so d y 
____________________ 

P L E A S A N T 
T E L E P H O N E 
W O R K from o u r office. F u ll ond port time. G ood pay. M r. F a r r 
7 3 4 - 8 3 4 3 ______________________ 
R e f e r e n c e s . E x p e r ie n c e d in 
A p a r t m e n t 
O p e r a t io n a n d 
M a in te n a n c e . R e p ly 
E x p r e s s ' 
B ox 7951: P O BOX 2171, S A. Tx. 
78297________________________________ 
Retired Or Semi-Retired 
M a tu re couple a s A ssista n t M a n ­ a g e r of sm all first c la ss Sa n A n ­ tonio motel, fu rn ish e d a partm ent, full motel m a n a ge m e n t could fol­ low 
E x p e r ie n c e not n e c e s s a r y but helpful. W rite the E x p r e s s and 
N e w s B o x N o. 4371 s e n d in g all q ualifications ond re fe re n ce s 
SALES-CASHIER 
H a v e m a n y o p e n in gs in different d epartm ents! N eed tod a y! G lo ria 
824-o227 Job P la ce m e n ts E m p lo y 
; m ent Se rvic e S316 Sa n P e d ro 
I S e c u r it y 
G u a r d n e e d e d t o r I 
P ainte rs 
M ill 
A p artm en ts. j 349 2223_______________ 
Shakle e N a tu ra l V ita m in s, sp a re tim e sales b u sin e ss 684-456o 
1,ooo's of Jobs- 1oo's of ch o ice s 
Q ualify now, e arn a n d le arn 
G O A R M Y 222-8812 or 453-o892 
S T A R T N O W • local A m w a v d is­ t r ib u t o r o ffe rs o p p o r t u n it y fo r g o o d e a r n in g s . Y o u p ic k the hours, we train. F o r inte rv ie w call 
681 13o9 

B ab ysittin g in m y hom e. M o n thru , 
Fri. C all 229-6115 or c o m e to 2444 I T x 75861 
A c k e ra n Rd. No.8o8. 

In c a rc e ra te d : N ee d a n y kin d of iob in o rd e r to p a y to r c o lle g e w h e n r e le a s e d . H a v e n o w 35 h o u rs, w ill do y a r d w o rk , w a r ­ ehouse, oge 25, parttim e only. No. 
245353 C o fie ld Unit, Tenn. Colony, 

16 yr old d e sire s w o rk of a n y kind. 
H a v e ow n t r a n sp o rta tio n , n ee d full tim e su m m e r iob. 696-5o62. 

Jo b w a n te d in a ir c o n d ifio n -re - frigeration field. 2 y r s sc h o o lin g ast M a c A rth u r. 653-1oo9___________ 

Lab o re r, expe rie nce d in sa n d in g cars. 661-7923. 

I B A in public a dm in istratio n se e ks 
I a dm inistrative a ssista n t position. 
I P rove n record. C all A. C an o at 
I *34-1992 
I B A. U. of T . , 'A u s t in , a b o u t to 
| gradu ate interested in art. H a v e i d o n e m e n u s, p la c e c a r d s , a r t r a a r ' i S n S ' i h 'r 
I w o rk fo r r e s t a u ra n ts , s e r v e r a l i *-AVVN m u w i n o 
I oils, batiks. 826-3572. 

L a d y w an ts d a y s w ork. o r 828-5169 

16 Y r o ld h ig h s c h o o l st u d e n t n e e d s s u m m e r iob. L ik e s a u to r e p a ir o r a n y k in d of w o r k - a w a re h o u se helper, g a ra g e , p ack- age boy, etc. 349-675o. 
36 yr old Viet N a m V eteran, D ig i­ tal E le ctro n ic s m ajor, g ra d u a tin g th is A u g u s t , n e e d s p e r m a n e n t e m p lo y m e n t in th e S . A. a re a . 
V e ry su c ce ssfu l record. Ref. and 
________ ~ 
H I G H w ork exp b v request. 657-2684 
S C H O O L S E N IO R . 826-5595. 
■ 
■ 
■ 
■ 
H 
$6oo City D e liv e ry S9oo 
B B A (1976) d e s ir e s p o s it io n in i p ersonnel, office m gm t, adm in., 
1 or gen. b u sin e ss m gm t w o rk exp 
; and high grade s. 824-3829. 

B io lo gy m ajor, U T, A u stin about to g ra d u a te in te re ste d in zoos, ve te rin ary clinic, fore stry, la b o r­ a to ry w ork, research . 826-3572. 
B oo kk e e p in g, Q u a rte rly re p o rts, in c o m e tax d o n e in m y h o m e . 
Fre e pick-up and d elive ry. C all 
623-3871. 

B o v IS w a n ts o d d lo b s. P r e f e r lanitor. N e a r b u s route. H o n e st and dependable. D a y w o rk only. 
S a la ry open. 222-9397 

B rig h t, d e p e n d a b le a c c o u n t in g student se e k in g p a rttim e iob on 
Northside. E xp . in lite office ond b ookkeeping T ra in fast! 822-5458. 
B u s girl, 
435-82o3. m aid, filing p ap e rs. 

C a p a b le w r itin g s k ills . P r o f e s ­ sio n a l a d v e r t is in g , p u b lic r e a l­ tors, m a rk e tin g, sales, h o u se o r ­ gans, new sletters, p h o tog ra p hy. 
824-7735. 
C ertified dental asst. N e e d s full tim e e m p lo y m e n t in N o r t h e a s t are a 
2 
Y e a r s experience. 
453-985o 
C h ild c a re in m y hom e. F e n c e d yard. 
A ge s one y e a r a nd up. 
532-839o. 
I Child care in m y hom e, a n y age. 
924-8246 

I C h ild c a r e , m y h o m e , v ic in it y 
I L a c k la n d a re a • L a n c e w o o d D r. experienced, reliable. 
C all 
673-8997 

DELIVERY 

START NOW 
N eed 3 am bitio us h igh level m a n ­ a g e r ia l p eop le . S u b s t a n t ia l in ­ com e Start part tim e w hile tra in ­ ing. P re fe r at le a st 24 a n d m a r ­ ried. F o r interview call 681-2776 

C hild care, m ature, e xp e rie n c e d w o m a n , w ill tak e c a r e of y o u r babies ond children in m y hom e, 
C uleb ra and C a lla gh a n vicinity. 
432-512o 
C IR C U S A R T S In stru c to r • L ariat, 
Jugging, etc. Active Se nior Citizen 
- P art T im e - C an plan Show s. 
735-8892. 

M u st have ow n cor, n eat a p p e a r ­ ance, sa la ry plus ga s. 
C a ll 
734 2754 

D ow ntow n law office n ee ds cle rk- m e sse n g e r 1-5 with c a r 225-6261 

★ ★ 
★ 
★ 
★ 
★ 
★ 
* 
* 

* 

* 

* 

* 

MAID AND 
IAUNDRY 
SERVICE 

Varying shift 

Call for Appointm ent 

6 5 3 - 9 1 1 o 

* 
* 
* 
** 
* 
★ ★ 
★ ★ 
★ ★ ★ 

Beeline 
226-23o3 
-Carpet c le a n in g traine e, $2oo to i>3oo p e r w eek, m u st h a v e la te m o de l V a n o r Truck, 684-313o 

S U M M E R W O R K 
S19o PER WEEK 
CALL 341-22o5 

SUMMER WORK 

$ 5 2 o - 
SW A ir Syste m s needs 16 traine es to start w ork im m ed ia te ly due to e xpansion 
•N o E xp e rie n c e N e c e ssa ry 
• R a p id A d van ce m e n t 
C all for interview 656-533o________ 

T E L E P H O N E S O L I C I T O R S fo r hom e im provem ent. C oll 532-3197 

T E X A S A R M Y G U A R D 
H a s part-tim e opening: M u lti-ch a n n e l 
O p e rators; Telephone In sta lle rs; 
________________________________ _ 
T e le p h o n e R e p a ir m a n ; C o o k s ; 
E x p e r ie n c e d h a r d w a r e s t o c k I M e c h a n ic s; S w itc h b o a rd O p e ra 

C olle ge student n e e d s iob fro m 
2.oo pm until anytim e. H a v e som e experience a s sfockboy. 675-1664 
College student d e sire s part-tim e evening w ork. T yp ist 45 w p m gen o ffic e , P R w o r k , a d v e r t i s i n g , copy, layouts. 333-3646. 
DRIVE CARS 
18 up! N o recent tickets! G lo ria 
824-o227 Job P la ce m e n ts E m p lo y - m ent Se rvice 5316 So n P e d ro 
D R IV E R S 
C om m , license, too co. *7 2 o o + + 
Call W ayn e 828-6494 
N E W D A Y P E R S O N N E L 
C on sultan ts 9o) N E L o o p 41o 

D r iv e r to do w a reh o use w o rk a n d m a k e local deliveries. A p p ly after noon only 925 F r e d e r ic k s b u r g R d 
ENJOY BEING A WOMAN 
E a r n white you learn • w e ar the lo test la d ie s fa sh io n s w h ile c o n ­ d u c tin g in-hom e fa sh io n sh o w s . I 
C a r n ecessa ry. 21 + . C all 226-23o3 I for m ore inform ation 

College student se e king c o n stru c ­ tion w o rk. L o n g h o u r s d e sire d , hard w orker. 342-6952. 

I C o m p u te r T e c h n ic ia n , V ie tn a m 
! V e te ra n . S c h o o lin g : I y r. E le c - 
| Ir o n ie s C o lle g e a n d I y r. U .S. 
A r m y Scho o l. W o rk e d 2 y rs. o s 
C om puter Te ch nician U.S. A rm y. i A sk for 
J a m e s ofter 
5:3opm 
I 533-5o56. 
C o u n se lin g a n d g u id a n c e g ra d . with M . E d. fro m T rin ity w ould like cou nselin g iob. I a lso h ave 6 y r s . e x p e r ie n c e in s u p e r v i s i o n - o d m i n i s r a t i o n a s 
A rm y officer. 341-3659. 

 ro o m c le rk , p a id v a c a t io n a n d h o lid a ys 344-o128 tors. 
Will 
512-226-7o1o train w ith pay. 

7o-4o h o u rs p er w eek ( e v e n in g s ond w eekends), Stop N G o, 2o4 E. 
R h a p so d y Dr. 
C H A U F F E U R tor elderly S p a n ish m an, b ilin gu al p r e fe rr e d . 
344-3147 

C O M P A N IO N to live in a n d c a re o r e ld e rly p e rson . P r iv a t e apt. m d sa lary. 
A t M e d in a 
L a k e . 
495-3297. 

EXPERIENCED 
M a in te n a n c e m a n tor S o u th e a st apt com plex, $33-3691. 

E X P M A I N T E N A N C E M A N (or n o rth sid e apt com p le x, 74 u nits. 
Im m ed iate opening. 344-7o93. 

COMPANY EXPANDING 
P o rt tim e jobs 
*95 a week 
F u ll Tim e S u m m e r 
P o sitio n s A v a ila b le 
*19o p er week 
F o r inform ation call 

F U R N IT U R E D R I V E R 
B u ild yo u r future with o u r y o u n g a n d g ro w in g co m p a n y. M u s t be e x p e r ie n c e d a n d f a m ilia r w ith 
S a n A n ton io area. A ll C o m p a n y benefits. Fu rn itu re C o rp o ra tio n of 
A m e ric a 4742 D o d ge St. 656-6o55. 
E q u a l opportunity E m p lo y e r. 

H e lp needed for outside collection w ork. Top co m m issio n s. 434-5557 

H IR IN G 5-7 people im m e d ia te ly. 
Top sta rting pay. 656-5332 

341 22o5 

1233 SW M ilita ry 922 2711 Job 
E x p e r ts inc. P la ce m e n t S e rv ic e 
C ou p le . M a n a g e I ) u n it m o te l in 
N e w B ra u n fe ls. R e tire d a n d - o r 
So cial 
Se cu rity. 
I-425-9o59 o r 
723-o6o6. i/ P ftt ss W B N E W r " " " .... 

IF YOU A R L a congenial, o utgoing p e rso n , th is is the iob tor you. Y o u r p a y a n d a d va n c e m e n t depend on y o u r own- e n thu sia sm , ability a n d d esire . N o e x p e r ie n c e n e c e s s a r y , t r a in in g p ro v id e d . C a ll 349-oo57 b e tw e e n 
9a m -l2 noon 

U p ho lste rs needed 
A ls o U p h o ls t e r s H e lp e r s a n d 
T r im m e r s , M E N O R W O M E N , 
Planto Fu rn itu re M a n u fa c tu re rs, 
3o7 Indiana St. 

D egree in soc, e x -in fo rm a tio n ist a n d lo u r g u id e fo r A A M . S o m e o ffice e x p e rie n c e . L o o k in g for r e la t e d w o r k , b u t w ill a c c e p t other otters. 344-o8o7. 
D v e n d a b le m a le stu d e n t w ith skills in electronics a nd c a ro e n try needs em ploym ent. 655-1615 

La w student needs full tim e su m - , Natl. Co. tra in s 2 lu p p erm anent, m e r job. H a r d w o r k i n g a n d d ep e nd ab le. V a r io u s io b e x p e r ­ ience. Call 734-5816. 
L e t m e m o w a n d 'w e e d - e a t e r ' yo u r law n for a re a so n a b le price. 
S u n se t H ills, R o llin g R id g e , In ­ spiration Hills. C all m e a nd enjoy your weekends. 436-2797. 

J o y c e B e st 923-4368 J o b s So uth 
Placem ent 
Se rvic e 
413 
SW 
M ilita ry 

7o1 - ANTiQUES-COLLECTORS 

L oo kin g tor se rv ic e station w o rk 5 y e o r s e x p e r ie n c e d o r j a n it o r w ork 
4 y e a rs e xp e rie nce d 
432-4413 
M a in t e n a n c e a n d la n d s c a p in g reasonable price, call W a rre n at 
698-2488. 

M a le H igh Scho o l stu dent w a n ts full o r p a rttim e job in a d dept, store or re sta u ra n t on 
S.Side 
927-336o. 

M atu re lady d e sire s w o rk a s file c le rk , c h e c k in g a n d m a r k in g m e rc h a n d ise o r o ffice c le a n in g lob, references. 433-4182. 
M o t u r e w o m a n r e t u r n i n g to sc h o o l, w o u ld lik e n ig h t s h ift w ork. H a v e se c u rity o ffic e r c e r­ tificate . P le a s e c a ll a tte r 6. JO evenings, 349-2324. 

M a y 77 g r a d u a t e w o u ld lik e to w o rk in a child d ay c o re center. 
Type 45 w pm and file. In sch oo l ' > day. 333-29o8. 

Antique, c la ssic C A R A U C T IO N 
Su n d a y M a y , 15 
T E X A S T R A N S P O R T A T IO N 
M U S E U M 
G ates open IO am A u ctio n noon 
11731 W e tm ore Rd. 225-2681 

ATTENTION COLLECTORS 
'34 C hevrolet, all o r ig in a l eauip- ment. Coll 484-7198 tro m 4 to 9 pm. 
'61 Cad Oe\7ille 4 dr hardtop, ru n s good, d ean. $265. 736-o485.________ 
63 C a d illa c L im o u s in g F u n e r a l 
H o m e car. *285o. take trade, no reaso n ab le ofter refused. 658-1235 eves; no answ e r, try again. 

1957 C h e v y b o d y . C a ll R o b e r t between 8 a rn.-6p.m .: 227-8953; after 4: 337-3926. 
29 C H E V Y . C o m p le t e , 4 -d r. 
S e d a n . 
B a s k e t 
T y p e 
*7 o o . 
673-1o28; 675-233o. 

M e d se c . 
5 y r s e x p . 
T h o r a c ic - c a r d io v a s c u la r . T y p e 
7o-8o, dictaphone, ins., a ssist Dr. 
226-1779. 

1933 C H E V Y , 4-d oor, c om p le te , ru n s good, o rig in a l *2SOO. 342-51oo 

M e d . T e ch . B .S . e x p e r ie n c e d , se e k in g w o rk w ith p riv a te p h y ­ sician or gro u p a lso c ap ab le of all office duties. 824-oo49 

1948 C he vy 2-door Fleettine A e ro 
S e d a n . 
S o u n d ! 
L o a d e d . 
85 % resto red . 
D riv e anyw h ere. 
I 625-2915 

M e x ic a n la d y w ill c le a n y o u r h o u se . $2.3o h o u r , v e r y h a r d w o r k in g la d y . D o n 't h a v e a n y transportation. 515 Otter St 
M ilita ry trained L Y N , soon to be 
R N. se e king p h y sic ia n s a ssista n t type position. 
Bob 
M c 
Intyre. 
82+5277. 
17 
M o n t h v e t e r a n s e e k i n g e m p lo y m e n t a s sto c k b o v , p a c k ­ age boy, d e live ry boy, o r se c u rity g u a r d a n d g o in g to s c h o o l to r training. 533-19o7. 

Neat, kin d a nd d e p e n d ab le la d y e sire s w o rk in h o m e c a r in g for shut-in and light c ooking. 222-9786. 
N eed 8am-5pm. iob. E x p e rie n c e s a s c a s h ie r , b u s g ir l , c o o k a n d p a c k a g in g 
I 'm 2o y r s a n d a housewife. 734-2593 

C la s s ic ‘57 C h e w w a go n , go o d condition. 
58oo firm . 
Seguin, j 1-379-524o 

' 66 Dodge C h a rg e r hardtop, auto. 
5595 or best otter 456-1ooo_________ 

I E ID o r a d o ‘69 C la s s ic . M e d ia n - 
| ic a ll v r e s t o r e d . A ll n e w . A ll 
: rec e ip ts a nd g a u r a n t e e s a v a iia 
| hie. A ll pow er, in te rio r p erfect. 
B e a u t if u l! 
B e s t c a s h o f f e r . 
I 828-6771 a fte r 5 p .m .; A n y t im e w eekends for appt. 
'SS F O R D F1oo P IC K U P 
I *5oo._______________________ 655-5743 

1932-1948 F O R D O W N E R S ! 
San A ntonio A re a 'E a r ly V 8 F o rd 
C lu b ' n o w a c c e p t i n g n e w m em bers. C o m e visit u s a nd m eet people w ho s h a r e y o u r H o b b y ! 
F o r info: 736-539o; 656-321o 

N e e d s u m m e r io b a s p a in t e r s helper. C a rp e n te rs h elp e r, e le c ­ t io n s helper. 
17 
Y e a r s old. 
433 5494. 

1949 F o rd P ic k u p . 4o1 B u ic k V 8 eng., auto, tran s. M a g s, b ig tires. 
T in te d w in d o w s . M u c h m o r e ! 
*145o firm . B oe rne : 1-755-4725. 
(2) 
'39 
I 583-2862. 
F O R D S , 
*3ooo. 
C all 

N O T R E 
D A M E 
G R A D U A T E 
D E S I R E S J O B A S W R I T E R . 
P L E A S E C A L L 826-26o8 
P a in t e r ’* h e lp e r, c o n s t r u c t io n labor, have ow n c a r for iob in S A. o r area. At least *3.oo h r to start. 
532-6484. 
P a rt or full tim e, e x p e rie n c e in cashier, re c e iv in g a nd h an d ling. filing 5 d ay w ork week. N o Sat and 
Su n p re fe r e v e n in g sh ift S o u t h ­ side. 922-2873. 

'72 I M P A L A C o n v e rtib le , I-o f a kind. Loaded, new top, e v e ry th in g w orks. Air. $1995. 924-6416 
'5 9 I M P A L A , 2 d o o r , h a r d t o p conv., 
Nice. 
*65o. 
K e rrv ille 
257-4353 
1929 M O D E L - A F o rd Sedan. *35oo firm . Call: 658-381o. 

W ant H u sk y L o c a l P a r t o r F u ll­ tim e College Student tru c k d rive r. 
C o m m e rcial license N o Sm o king . 
G o o d P a y . F I S H E R ’S 145o N E 
Loop 41o.____________ 
SlOOwk C le rk s-C a sh ie rs *13ow k 
Fu ll and p art time, need 2o today; 
A + E st e r M o re n o 923-436o J o b s 
South P lacem ent S e rv ic e 413 SW 
M ilita ry 

Y A R D M A N a n d G E N E R A L 
M A I N T E N A N C E , ( a p t . ) M u s t h a v e o w n t r a n s p o rt a t io n . C a ll 
494-5571 between IO and 12AM . 

I N T E R N A T I O N A L E S C O R T A N O 
T O U R A G E N C Y is off a n d r u n ­ n in g. W e h ave the clients, B U T w e still need attractive la d ie s tor e s­ c o rts. H ig h p ay, e xce lle n t w o r k ­ in g conditions. C all D a v id 349 4861 

Y A R D M E N n e e d e d fo r h e a v y ya rd w o rk , call 433-69o5. 
Y o u n g m a n ueeded fo r w o rk in c u s to m c e r a m ic stu d io . P r e f e r so m e o n e w ith a rt t r a in in g . C a ll 
M r M o o d anytim e 822-9435 

D spendable m a rrie d m a n w ould like part tim e iob a s a p lu m b e r or p lu m b e r’s helper anytim e atter I 
P M on w e e k d ay s and all d a y Sat a nd Sun. Viet N a m v e te ra n a nd college student. 223-4647 

E le c t r ic a l e n g in e e r n g s t u d e n t needs su m m e r iob in e le ctron ics or electrical e ngin ee rin g field, tor experience p rio r to se n io r y e a r at 
Trin ity U. 736-275o 

E l e c t r ic ia n e x p e r ie n c e d gradu ate IB E W No. I ap p ren tice ­ sh ip t rn g p r o g r a m . C o il B r u c e 
633-9113 atter 3:3o 
E x c e ll e n t B a b y s it t i n g in m y hom e, V e ry clean, Ft. S a m A rea. 
828-6695 

E x p e r ie n c e d s e a m s t r e s s . 
D r e s s e s , p a n t su it s, h e m s , etc. done in m y hom e. G ood w ork, c a ll 
226-9617. 

622 DOMESTIC 

B a b y s it t e r n e e d e d fo r 3 y o u n g c h ild re n , C a stle H ills a re a , p a y 
$ 1 .5 o p e r h r , p r e f e r m a t u r e w o m a n for d a y a n d e v e in in g sit­ ting. R e fe re n c e s please. 342-2681. 
‘J V S - 1 4 6 6 
- 
IS: 
C XP B fSS A N D N e w s 

E xp e rie n c e d social w o rke r, 5 y r s college. 5 y r s A r m y ond civilian experience. W ill accep t a n y rea- sortable position. 349-7117. 
E xp e rie n c e d college g ra d d e sire s m a n a g e m e n t o r a d m in is t r a t iv e position. 656-4393. 
____ 
E x p e rie n c e d w o m a n w a n ts w o rk ta k in g c a re of sic k a nd e ld erly, light cooking, refe ren ce s. 
222-97*6. 
” 
— 

Parttim e lob w anted 
B A h o ld e r I with 5 y e a rs e xpe rie nce in so cia l s e r v ic e s p lu s so m e s e c r e t a r ia l sk ills a n d go o d w ith p ub lic. R e su m e and refe ren ce s a v a ila b le 
67+5296. 

P e rso n w an ts to le a rn la n d s c a p ­ in g a r c h it e c t u r e - s t a r t a s apprentice- p refe r sta rt no e a rlie r than June IO, 1977. 655-6197. 

P r a c t ic a l N u r s e 19 y r s e x p e r ­ ience, re fe re n ce s. N o lifting. O n busline. 225-6o41 

P ra c t. n u rse , c o m p a n io n fo r e l­ derly. L iv e in out. IOO p er wk. 
53+o747. 
P re law student d e sire s w o rk in office, full time, light typing, good 
7 o S - A U ST IN w orker, call C h u c k 734-6149. 
I / u “ 
IH IO IIH 

1924 M O D E L T, P a r t ia ll y r e s tore d, h a v e m a n y e x t r a p a rts. 
B a rg a in priced. 379-3o59, Sequin 
■66 M U S T A N G 
F u lly restore d, fre sh paint, new engine. 5895. 337-58o2______________ 

'52 P ly m ou th 4-door Se dan . A-l, j 
1977 sticker, license. N e w uohol- stery, point *12oo cosh. 342-7877 
195o R o lls R o y c e B e n tle y M a r k 
V I, excellent o rigin a l condition, no I rust, new sta in le ss steel m u ffle r j syste m and rad iator, full flow oil filte r, r u n s e x c e lle n t . H is t o r y , o w n e r 's a n d w o r k s h o p m a n u a l, tools, 3 o w n e rs sin c e new . B e st offer o v e r *1o,ooo. 342-693o._______ 
'6 6 T -B ird . L o a d e d ! E x c e lle n t j condition. *215o. 494-5891___________ ! 
•64 T H N U D E R B I R D 5795. 
C all 658-97oo 

Q ua lifie d d ental a ssist a n t w a n ts p a r t t im e w o r k w ill f ill- in fo r v a c a tio n s. P r e f e r g e n e r a l d e n ­ tistry. 436-2797. 

•74 A u st in M a r in a . G o o d c on d . 
1o,ooo mi., A M - F M ste reo , e a s y 
*17oo. 227-3165 o r 53+oo68 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday May 15 1977 

AUTOMOTIVE 
JC E) 

ROD EAST VOLKSWAGEN ® 

N O BETTER C A R ..N O BETTER PLACE T O BUY. 
14o2 N I LOOP 41o (EXIT at nagogdochb id 
828-17o1 

DRIVE ONE OF THE 

G A S S A V E R S 
ALL ’77 V W S RUN O N 
REGULAR GAS. 

EXAMPLE: 
1 9 7 7 SCIROCCO 
• M AN U AL TRANSM ISSIO N 
EPA RATINGS: 
29 MPG CITY 
43 MPG HWY. 
COMBINATION: 34 MPG. 

Actual Mileage may vary depending upon your type of driving and the optional equipment. 

U S E D C A R S 

1975 YAMAHA motorcycle j 
/ .O C 
"Dirt B ik e "........................ 
o 7 3 
1969 VW dard transm ission.. . *1o95 

I o 7 o A D C I W a9°n' standard 
I 7 / 4 U r H transmission, AM-FM S1 radio.................................. l O z J 
1973 DODGE X " ' 4«” ! matte, air condition, radio, S O Q Q C low m ileage...................... 
L O I J 
1975 DATSUN 3m * " X air condition, standard s o s q r transmission..................... 
« 5 I Y j 
1976 DODGE air condition, automatic, power steering, j , . . . low m ileage...................... 
4 4 / 3 
1975 OLDS SKS J r Z trol, electric seats and i m m r windows........................................*4595 
1976 TOYOTA s..TOC ditioned, AM-FM...................* 4 / 7 3 

• OTHERS TO CHOOSE FROM • j 

7 3 o 74 3-A U T O M O B ILfS 

VOLKSWAGENS 
NEW ’77’S 
ALL MODELS 
SAVE!! 
O N SALE N O W 
SEE US BEFORE 
YOU BUY!- 

CS 
ONE OF 
THE FASTEST 
SELLING IMPORTS. 
STATION W A G O N S & 
COUPES. 
1977 
SUBARU 

STANDARD 
SEDAN 
* 3 
2 
2 
o 
Plus Tax, Title & license. 

'7 3 V . W . B U S ....... 
’7 5 V . W . R A B B IT . . 
USED CAR SPECIALS! 
............... ‘2 9 9 5 
‘2 7 9 5 
‘7 5 V V / “la Grand" Bug ......................‘2 8 9 5 
'7 5 V W 
Camper, Pop fop ( 2 ) ................‘5 4 9 5 t 
'7 6 B M W 2oo2..', 
’7 4 H O R N E T Hatchback auto., air 
‘6 9 9 5 
. . * 1 9 9 5 , 

'7 5 V W Rabbit.................................‘2 8 9 5 
'7 3 V W Fastback, a i r ..........................‘2 3 9 5 
'7 4 V W Oasher W oqon .......................... ‘2 5 9 5 
’7 4 D A S H E R 2-dr....................................‘2 4 9 5 
'7 3 C H E V Y 
Nova, standard, a i r 
* 2 o 9 5 
'7 4 L U V Pickup............................. 
* 2 1 9 5 
NORTH LOOP VOLKSWAGEN 
<®i 
SUBARU & BMW 
® 
W 
4623 Fredericksburg Rd. 732-7121 
Across from Wonderland at Fredericksburg Rd. 

LARGEST SELECTION OF 
NEW & USED 
VO LKSW AGENS AND 
HONDAS IN SAN ANTON IO 
O N DISPLAY IN OUR SH O W R O O M 
1925 ROLLS ROYCE TOURING 
1932 BENTLY CONVERTIBLE 

B e ig e , 4 c y lin ­ d e r, 4 sp e e d , s2995 
4 sp e e d . 
A M - F M c o n d itio n e d , 

76 VEGA NOMAD WAGON ra d io , 3 , o o o m ile s -....................... 
’76 VW BEETLE 
,onL,„„.o, on.,,.,.,. o w n e r, 1 4 , o o o m ile s............................................... 3595 
’76 VW BEETLE air c o n d itio n e d . A .M - rM . , :e r , °: s3595 
’76 VW RABBIT DELUXE MODEL a u to m a tic tra n s m iss io n , a ir c o n d itio n e d , 1 5 , o o o 
* 3 8 9 5 

*5495 

G re e n . This 

 n e a rly e v e r y a c c e s so ry t h e re is. 4 o , o o o m i l e s .............................................................. w ith w h ite top, 
V 8 , a u to m a tic tra n sm issio n , p o w e r ste e rin g , p o w e r b ro k e s, a ir co n d itio n e d , ra d io , w h ite sid e w ails, S J 4 9 5 
75 MERCURY MONARCH SS*,. 
»te< w h ite J 
2 o , o o o m iles. 
............................... 
75 VW CAMPMOBIIE POP TOP 
W h ite , 4 sp e e d , a ir c o n d itio n in g , r a d i o ............. 
’75 DODGE PICKUP ra d io , lo w m ile a g e , v e ry c l e a n ..................................................................... 

I T . m a n i m 
Red , 
2 -d o o r, 
4 -s p e e d , a ir con- 
, 7 4 D A S H E R d itio n e d A M - F M t a p e ...................... 

’ T O / ' n A x m t f l l I t Y e llo w , a u to m a tic fra n c- 
I S GRANDVILLE m issio n , p o w e r ste e rin g, p o w e r b r a k e s , 4 - d o o r h a r d t o p ........................... 
’73 HONDA CIVIC HATCHBACK 
B ro w n , 4 -s p e e d , a ir c o n d it io n e d ......................... 

’73 EL CAMINO SS 4 5 4 V 8 , a u to m a tic 'tra n s - 

 s5795 

 s3895 s2895 

 s2195 

*1895 

 m issio n , p o w e r ste e rin g , p o w e r b ra k e s, a ir i n f o r c o n d itio n e d , A M / F M , n e w w id e o v a ls , m a g s . . . . L l / J 

 i . n n n t l T I t / G ra n d v ille t o n v e rtiD ie . 
73 PONTIAC B ro n te w ith w h ite top, V S , a u to m a tic tra n sm issio n , p o w e r ste e rin g , p o w e r b ra k e s, a ir c o n d itio n e d , ra d io , w h ite sid e w a lls, p o w e r w in d o w s , d o o rs a n d tru n k , tilt w h e e l .................................. 

C o n v e rtib le . 

 s2795 

C O U P E SJ M in t 
. ar 
Ste 

 s2595 

S1795 

’72 PONTIAC GRAND PRIX a r . e n , 
VB, a u to m a tic tra n sm issio n , p o w e r ste e rin g , p o w e r b ra k e s, a ir c o n d itio n e d , ra d io , w h ite sid e w a lls, tilt w h e e l, cru ise control, p o w e r se a ts, p o w e r w in d o w s , F M ste re o , 5 7 , o o o m ile s . .................... 
7 2 DODGE Vi TON PICKUP s ^ d v8 tra n sm issio n , a ir co n d itio n e d , r a d io .................... 

’71 VOLKSWAGEN SUPER BEETLE 
S1 <o , 
B e ig e , 4 sp e e d , radio/ ra d ia l t ir e s . ............... 
I J J J 

7 o VOLKSWAGEN BEETLE air conditioned. . . S1 1 5 o 
D O N ’T M IS S OUR LOW NEW CAR PRICES.__ 
V O LK SW A G EN /I 
HONDA 
13oo S.E. M ilitary Dr. (Next to M ission Chevrolet) 
G M A C F IN A N C IN G 
_ _ _ 
MIC INSURANCE 
9 2 4 - 6 5 2 1 

M 
I S S I O 
N 

7 6 MERCEDES 
8ENZ 45o SI 
2 Tops, Silver, Red leather, 
1o,719 
Miles, loaded, 
Showroom New Condition. 
ALAMO TOYOTA 
514 Loop 41o NE 
(Across From the Airport) 
828-o723 

7o8 CORVETTE 

‘75 C o r v e t t e . L o a d e d . R e d w ith b lo c k le a th e r. S e c u r it y N tl. B a n k : 
7 3 + 7 3 6 1 , a f te r 6: 684-9131, a s k to r 
T o m . 

C o rv e tte 62 p r o ie c t c a r . L e s s e n ­ g in e , Ir o n s , a n d to p s. St SOO O th e r p a r t s a v a ila b le 
C o rv e tte W o rld -349-2 791 
‘75 C o rv e tte , re d T -T o p , B la c k le a th e r in te rio r, A ll o p tio n s low m ileage K a r n e s City 1-78o-2515. 
C O R V E T T E S - A lw a y s a few good o nes to choose from at the right p ric e s at: 
C L A S S IC C O A C H W O R K S 
114o7 San Pedro-344-2o15 
Corvette, 1974. T-Top, fully equip. 
26,ooo mi., Silve r. Sa ra to g a tops. 
T rad e or 56875 494-62o4 
•71 Corvette, 454, with air, power, custom interior, T -A 6o's, I owner, call 657-o447. 

68 V E T T E C on v. Sto c k 327, e x­ tras. 547oo. 655-199o 
•69 Vette. 427 H i pert., 4 speed, m a gs, tires, h e a d e rs, M o p , m u ch m ore, att 6pm 534-5891 
197S ‘V E T T E , T -to p , L o a d e d , 
S ilv e r - S ilv e r le a th e r, S a c rific e , 
57ooo A u stin 477-9857; 451-2516 

7o9 - DATSUN 

74 D a tsu n B21o 2 d r h atch b ack, a ir, good cond. *25oo. 1-538-258o. 
D A T S U N 
B R Y S O N A U T O C E N T E R 
143o P A T B O O K E R 
U N IV E R S A L C IT Y 658-6271 

MATA 
CADILLAC 

BUY A PRE-OWNED 
NON ENERGY TAXABLE 
CADILLAC 
ONE Of THI TOP RATINGS IN THE 
EPA IUXURY CAR MIEAGE CHARTS 
317 LEX IN G T O N 
226-7221 
12,ooo M I./12 MO. 
CADILLAC VALUE 
PROTECTION PLAN 
SERVICE AGREEMENT 
ON MOST 7 7 , 76, 
7 5 and 7 4 MODELS 

COUPE DE VUU 
77 K S . . . 'll,4 5 o 
, — — SEDAN DEVILLE s - - 
. . . ll Terrkoto White* I I/HSU 

* 9 6 5 o 
*985o 

Green *1o,75o 

’ T A . r n # r n 
7 6 Green White . . . . 9 6 5 o 
SEDAN DEVILLE s f i o o f t 
7 6 White B lu e 
* 8 9 9 o 
COUPE DE VUU 
%Qkj c 
I O Red-White 
9 6 / 5 
COUPE DE VUU 
/ 6 Beige Beige . .. 
, — / CALAIS Sedan 

. / 6 Gold Brown . . . 
, 7 , CALAIS SEDAN 
/ 6 yellow ......... 
, 7 C IEL DORADO 
/ D White White .. 
, 7 C ELDORADO 
/ 5 Blue-blue . . . . 
I T C BROUGHAM 
S Q 7 o A 
/ 5 Rosewood-White . . O I / U j y e SEDAN Deville 
S I OC ft 
/ 5 Orange-White . . . / Z 5 U 

, 7 , SEVILLE 
/ 6 Silver Silver.. 
, , , SEVILLE 
/ 6 Red-Red 
SEVILLE 
/ O Green- 

* 9 4 5 o 'j 

* 7 6 5 o 

* 8 2 5 o 

* 7 9 9 o 

* 7 9 5 o 

15 
75 
75 
75 
75 
75 

SEDAR DE VILLE 
Green-White . . . . * 6 9 9 o 
SEDAN DEVILLE s t A C A 
Brown-White_______# 6 J U 
SEDAN DEVILLE 
« y « C A 
Blue-Blue.......... / x 5 w 
SEDAN DEVILLE o n A 
Silver-Silver........ 6 9 9 U 
CALAIS COUPE t y o O C 
Blue-White........ / Z 9 5 , 
COUPE OE VUU j y x o A ' 
Silver-Silver.... 
/ 4 9 U 
, 7 C COUPE DE VUU j A Q O ft 
7 5 Red White.......... 6 9 9 o 
, 7 - 
COUPE DE VUU 
S T C Q ft 
7 5 Brown-White . . . . 7 5 9 o 
OTHER M A K ES 

7 6 B|luoeS£ e nCy. .. . * 6 9 5 o 

7 6 r e sr 
; s.Sa,on. * 5 6 9 o 
? TF jl CHEVY Impolo 
< j j f a 
I 7 6 Sedan Blue ...........* 4 4 5 o 

. PONTIAC Gran Prix i r 
7 6 Black White 
. . . . 5 6 9 o 
, y C THUNDERBIRD 
* z O O C 
/ 5 White Orange . . . O J Y J 

11 r OLDS Cutlass s a • s i p 

7 5 Blue-White . . . . 
4 3 7 5 

 i ’m a BUICK Electra 
*4 O C A 
7 4 yellow-yellow . . . 4 2 5 o 

FOR RIATA’S 
SPECIAL 
OF THE DAY— 
D IA L 
22 R IA T A or 2274282 

NEW and PRE-OWNED 
C A R SALES 
SHOWROOMS 
Open Moo.-Fri. 8 A .M . 
To 6 P.M. 
Sat. S A.M. to 4 P.M . 
SHOP INDOORS 

715 - MERCEDES BENZ 

‘74 M e rc e d e s 45o-SL. D a r k blue; lo a d e d , g o o d c o n d . $1 4 ,5 o o . 
847-9154 o r 847-27oo. 
'64 M e rc e d e s 19o, v e ry go o d c o n ­ dition. 732-7469 

M IS S IO N C IT Y IM P O R T S 
M E R C E D E S - B E N Z S a ie s-S e rv ic e 
382o S A N P E D R O 
736-2243 

Mission City imports, Inc 
A u th o rize d D e a le r fo r M e r c e d e s- 
B en z and S A A B 
382o S A N P E D R O 736-2243 

71 D A T S U N 51o, 4 d o o r sedan, a ir, n ew b r a k e s , n e w tire s. C B hookup. 58oo 656-6255. 
69 D a t su n S p o r t s 16oo cc, low m ileage, new top, excellent paint, 
516oo 695-3355. 
•7o D A T S U N W a go n , '69 S IM C A 
W agon, need w o rk, cheap! 
333-8152 

$ 1 o 8 4 
'71 D A T S U N W a g o n , sta n d a rd , a ir, t e r m s a v a ila b le c a ll R ic k 
Hood or F re d B aro n , 341-5571 
•69 D a t s u n 51o W a g o n , a ir , 4 speed. *7oo. 684-22o9. 
•74 D a t s u n 
2 6 o -Z . 
A ir , P M , 
4-speed. M ic h e lin s. *47oo. Sh a rp ! 
673-2828. 
74 76oZ, air, 4 speed, low m ileage, 
*46oo. 696-8324 e ven in gs. . ■. 

MUST SELL! 
'7 6 S E L 45o. S u n r o o f , a ll o y w heels, loaded. D a y s : 226-5121;' eves: 73+2213 

M U S T S E L L N O W ! '73 M e r c e d e s 
28o. + d r. *6oo u n d e r N A D A . A fte r 
6 p.m.: 1-625-4248, N e w B ra u n fe ls. 

718 MG 

1976 B lu e M G B C o n v e r t i b l e . 
A m -F m 8 track, P ire lli tires, m a g w h e e ls. G o o d m ile a g e . *4 8 7 5 . 
D a y: 
225-7411 
E xt. 491, N ig h t: 
822-3o39 

‘74'/j M G B C o n v e r t ib le , 19,ooo m iles, excellent, after 5, 824-5933 

‘72 M G B C o n v e rtib le , *2155. E x ­ cellent condition! 435-1641 

71o -FIAT 

* 7 o o 

COMBINATION FACTORY-DEALER 
R E B A T E 

ON EVERY NEW 1976 
O P E L 

LIMITED OFFER 
OPEN ’TIL 8 P.M. 

B U 
I C K C O . 
45oo SAN PEDRO 

7 
3 
4 
- 4 
2 
2 
1 

'76 F ia t S e d a n , lo a d e d , still in w arran ty. *39oo. 658-1453 after 6 pm. 

1974 F IA T 128 S L coupe, D a y s , 
735-9392, ext 266, eves, 733-74o2. 
'69 Fiat Sp id e r C onvertible. R u n s good. $695. 653-5849 
•72 Fiat 124 W agon, outo, am -fm , 
5995. 691-4372, 1-535-4473. 

1975 H o n d a C iv i c h a t c h b a c k , 
D a ys, 735-9392, ext. 
266, eves, 
733-74o2 

H o n da C iv ic 73. G oo d cond, auto, air, low mi. *1675 494-7535 

■75 H o n d a C V - C C W a g o n . A ir , lu gg a ge rack. 17,ooo. mi. *265o. 
533-337o. 

■73 H O N D A 4 c v l . i m m a c u l a t e , 
5795. trode, 342-2o93, 344-o845 
712 JAGUAR 

J a g u a r X K E C o n v e r t ib le 
72. 
G reen, V12, 4-speed. 3o,ooo m iles. 
M ich elin 
X A S tires. 
1-773-31o4, 
P.M . 
714-MAZDA 

•73 M a z d a . R o t a r y eng., 4-spd. 
Std., 2-d r. C o u p e . N e w p a in t, r a d ia l tire s. V e r y c le a n . M u s t sell! F irst *125o. 224-5474, eves: 
655-85o4. 

‘74 M a z d a R X 3 , good cond ; new b r a k e s , t ir e s ; a m -fm 8 t r a c k ; good g a s m ile age ; 
69o-9784, 
736-1961. 

'73 R X 2, 4 speed, air, 39,ooo m iles, e x c e lle n t c o n d . 
B e s t o ffe r . 
68+815o e v e n in gs 

‘71 M G B . V e r y g o o d c o n d it io n ! 
*175o. 681-1937 

'69 M G C G T C la ssic . 6 c y lin d e r, auto. 
Excellent. 
*15oo 
734-9655 eves. 
__________________ 

72 M G M I D G E T C o n v e r t ib le i- radials, 
333-8152 am -fm , n ice 
*1495. 

M G M ID G E T , 1975. G R E A T c o n ­ dition! 17,ooo m iles. *31oo 225-134o atter 6: 

'6 5 M G , s p i n n e r w h e e ls , b e s t offer. 732-2254. 
717-OPEL 

‘71 Opel, good cond, M ic h e lin sleet rad ials, *875. 674-7474 after 5. 
‘72 O P E L G T, *1295. 
C A L L : 333-8152 
'72 Opel G T. E xce lle n t condition! 
M u st sell. 661-5527 
'69 O pel G T , 57,ooo m ile s, e x c e l­ lent cond. *135o. 494-5786. 

‘73 Opel M a n ta Rallye . 4-spd., by owner. *13oo. C all: 696-o888. 
•71 O P E L M A N T A S P O R T , n ew valve s, rin gs. E x tra s. 533-5824 
‘71 Sp ort, auto, g o o d c o n d itio n . 
$12oo. 494-2491. 
718-PORSCHE 

N O R T H W O O D P O R S C H E A U D I 
1236 N E. L O O P 41o 
824-3214 
‘62 P o rsc h e C oupe N e w paint, new; le a th e r in te rio r. A ir. E x c e lle n t cond. $45oo. 225-5861. 
1975 P O R S C H E 914, 2.o lit., load-i ed, *78oo. F o r in fo rm a t io n ca ll 
1-5 12-3 83 -9 16 2, M ik e A l v a r o z , 
E d in b u rg , Tx. 

‘74 P o rsc h e 914 2 liter, exce llen t condition, *44oo 691-1282 

715-MERCEDES BENZ 

C la ssic 1962 22o S E convert. M e ­ tallic gre e n , g re e n le a th er, std, beautiful! 817-532-6317 
•69 M e rc e d e s B e n i 23o. Sh ow roo m c on d . L o w m ile a g e . S e r io u s in ­ q u ire s only. 22m pg 696-2o67 

‘74 M e rc e d e s 28o-C.. E x tr a clean. 
25,ooo m iles. C all: 733-9528. 
*71 M E R C E D E S , 25oC. L ik e new, pow er, air, M ic h e lin tires, am -fm radio. 82+3515 eves. 

1967 M E R C E D E S 2 5 oS, c le a n , 
*3,5oo. A N D 1969 M E R C E D E S 
28oSL, excellent, *1o,ooo 696-26o7. 
7o7 -CAPRI 

Reg. child 
69o-8o4o care in m y hS^r 7o6 -BMW 
‘73 Capri, loaded. F o r q u ick sale! 
*175o. 922-6o88 923-3341 

R e g iste re d c h ild c a re : M o n d a y thru Saturd ay. 655-3o31.___________ 
R e lia b le h ig h s c h o o l s t u d e n t w ould like to b a b y s it w h ile yo u w ork. B y the hour, d a y or week. 
U n iv e rsa l City area. C all 658-9775 

B M W , 2oo2-1972. C a re fu lly m a in - 
-74 C A P R I, *2,7oo o r b e st offer, tained b y l-ow ner, excellent con- 
333-28o7 atter 5. aition. H igh fuel e co no m y *3495. 
82+6525 

R e se a rc h technician B.S. d egre e, b io lo g y c h e m is t r y m in o r 4 y r s e x p e rie n c e g e n e r a l la b o r a t o r y w ork. E x p e rie n c e in a n im a l s u r ­ g e ry electron m icro sc o p y, 
696-o569. 

7o7-CAPRI 

1973 CAPRI 
T a k e o v e r p a y m e n ts, n o equity, call Credit M a n a g e r, 349-6948 

J976 C a p ri, 2-d oor, b a n k r e p o s ­ s e s s io n , t a k in g b id s , c a ll M r . 
Lechler, .144-o141. 

C a p r i -71. E x c e lle n t . 4 -s p e e d . 
A M - F M tape deck. R a d ia l tires. 
*1o75-49+5o8/ 

•74 C ap ri V6, am -fm , 4 speed, air, low mileage. $235o. 822-9568. 
7o8-CORVETTE 

• 7 ^ o r v e t u T T n a d e T ^ ! u ^ this w eek! 73+4311; 69o-9981. 

7o8 - CORVETTE 

A A A . A L L T y p e s - Y e a r M o d e ls 
C O R V E T T E S , priced reasonably. 
699-1877 o r 699-o294 
V E H I C L E S U N L I M I T E D 
75.C orvette. All pow er, air, L-82, with 4 sad. L e a th e r interior, c a r ­ pet. N ew rad ials, 28,ooo m i„ a m s le r e o c a s se tt e . L ik e new . 
*74oo. 691-1534. 

•73 M e r c e d e s 28o S E L , 4.5, bv ow ner. E x ce lle n t condition. Low mileage, new tires. 494-6548 after 
6pm o r w ken d s 

1973 M e rc e d e s 4 5 o S E L . Exce llen t condition. Leather, gold m etallic. 
W ill con sid er w hole sale or trade. 
1-83+2932 

‘75 M E R C E D E S 45o SE . 
M etallic gotd, b la c k leather, su n ­ roof, c ru ise , ste re o , 29,ooo m i. 
514,8oo. 828-1142; 341-4829. 

•58 C O R V E T T E , both tops, 283 VS" 
4-speed. *39oo. A u stin ( I ) 441-3o78 otter 7 p m 
__________ 

 m 4 
Z 
C O R V E T T E 
C O N V E R T IB L E 
656-8974 

•74 M e rc e d e s 4 5 o S E L , good cond. 
C B , loaded, c r u is e c on tro l, s u n ­ roof. B u rg u n d y red, c re a m inter­ ior, P r ic e d to sell. *12,ooo firm . 
828-7959; 653-o35o. 

CXPRISS A N D N I WS 

•68 P o r s c h e 911, 5 sp e e d , b u r g u n d y • black, new paint, rebuilt engine, excellent condition, *54oo o r m ake offer. 681-o313 

‘74 P O R S C H E , 911 T o rg a , E x c e l- lent Condition. 822-3657. 
72o-SMB 

‘74 B lu e S A A B S o n n e t i l T ^ i n e c o n d itio n , in t e r io r c u s to m iz e d , 
*3 o o a m -fm s t e r e o c a s s e t t e in ­ dashe r, a sk in g *36oo o r b est offer. 
J e r r y H a rtm a n , 1-441-o2S3. C a ll atter IO am. 

S A A B W A N T E D 9 9 L E 4 d o o r aa to, a ir c o n d itio n , u n d e r 3o,ooo m Hes. W rite E x p r e s s -N e w s B o x 
451o, So n Antonio, T x 78297 
722 -TIIVOI*_ _ _ _ _ _ _ 

A L A M O T O Y O T A 
A c ro s s F r o m A irp o rt 828-o723 
________ 524 N .E . L O O P 41o 

•74 C o ro lla 16oo. Y e llo w , a ir, ex cellent condition. * 22oo. 333-3466. 

G R A D U A T IO N S P E C I A L 
74 Toyota C elica 4 sod, a ir, radio, r a d ia ls , v in y l top, n e w p a in t , su p e r clean, b ook list *2825, w ill negotiate. C all 65+7314 atter 6 p m w eekd ay*. 

IF Y O U C A N B U Y A B E T T E R 
B U IL T S M A L L C A R T H A N A T : 
D R E Y E R T O Y O T A 
B U Y IT 

M u s t Sell *77 T o yo ta C e lic a G D , lo a d e d . * 7 o o d o w n , t a k e u p paym ents. 82+8768. 

T E X A 
S 1 I Z 1 S A V I N 
G 
S . . 

2 
LINES 

I O DAYS m 

NON COMMERCIAL! 
CANCELLABLE 
WITHOUT 
KATI CHANGE a a s * 1 6 6 6 
Q u ic k b e s u it si 

P a g 
1 9 -D 

7o2 726-TWEtGIimTSCAW.. _?o27?S fSKKltSPMTMim 

 o n j^ q n io _ E X P R E $ S -N E W S — S u n d ay M a y 15" i 9 7 7 

76 LAND CRUISER air, 4 speed, 4 wheel d riv e ............................ 

W A S 

'4995 
7595 
76 COROLLA ra d io . 4 s p e e d .............................. 

• T i t f t D n 
4 
4° o r 
O ra n n d o ' 
6 cylinder, 
/ O r U R U au to m atic. air conditioning. p o w e r s teerin g , A M /S M . 
.................. 

|> r n / ’ l I D V 
C oupe au to m a tic . 
7 5 I B l K v U K l a ir c o n d itio n in g , p o w e r s teerin g , p o w e r b rakes, v in y l to p . only 
_ 
1 4 ,o o o m iles.......................................................... 
3695 

' I C C IO C R ID n o u ,®m a tit- a,r conditioing. 
I i r i K C D I n U p o w e r s te e rin g , p s w s r b ro kes, stereo , lo p e .......................... 
3895 

7 5 TOYOTA 
'3195 

• T C I T H 
W a g o n , au to m atic, a ir conditioning, 
I J L I U ra d io , p a w e r s te e rin g .............................. 
3695 

7 5 COURIER % l ? : 4 i p * 9d'. on'v. 7oo oo 7995 

75 GRAND TORINO a u to m a tic , a ir con d itia n in g , rad io , p o w e r s te e r in g ............... 

. • I f L IB V C I C D N * w Po rf o u to m o tic , a ir 
/ 4 v i l l i I J l k l s conditioning, ra d io , p o w e r ste e rin g , p o w e r b ra k e s ........................................... 
•74 CHEVROLET 
» * £ • 

 d itio n in g , p o w e r s t e e r in g ................................. 
2795 
74 HONDA Civic, 4 speed, r a d io 
2195 

• T i l M I A D H l l * * door *edon, 4 s p e e d , o ir con- 
/ *1 m A K A l l ditioning. ra d io , p o w e r , s te e rin g . C. 4 .....................................................................7 7 9 5 

•73 DODGE S t . 
'2995 

■ e n [ A n n 
1 -2 5 o Pickup, 4 s p e e d , air can- 
I i r U K U ditio n in g SPECIAL .............................. 

• T 9 E n o n Banch W a g o n , a u to m a tic , a i i r w K U d itio n in g , rad io 
................ 

N O W 

‘4395 
'2195 

3895 *3495 

*3195 

*2895 

T i) / ’U C t/D A I ET ifipela, automatic, oir 
/ / L n i v n u i l l conditioning, power steering, ra d io ............................................... 

72 PLYMOUTH 

7195 

*1695 
4 passenger sport wagon, automatic, air con , « r n r ditioning, radio, power steering............... 
1595 
JO O I OC Wagon, automatic, air conditioning, 
/ * w lU J power steering, power brakes, radio...................................................... 
*1995 n 

 i l i l l 
4 speed, radio, exceptionally 
. nr 
V . VV. sharp cor........................... 
1495 
LO 
D l l l f V Skylark, automatic, radio, air <1Anr 
OY D U lv n conditioning, power steering 
| o95 
6o COMET 2 door, motor overhauled. . . . . 

*2995 

'3495 

7 8 9 5 
'3o96 

2695 

'2595 

'2495 

'2395 
'1895 

'2495 

'2495 

1895 

'1595 

'1195 

'1o95 

'1295 

'1395 

'895 
'495 

3834 Fredericksburg Rd. 
736-4471 

 r 
I 
I 
II 

I I I 

FINAL 
CLOSE-OUT 
ON ANY NEW 1976 
PEUGEOT 

You’ll never buy one any cheaper than you will today! 
3 diesel engine cars and 4 gas engine cars left in stock. 

 i 
II 

MtONOUNCED 
("PoUJ-oH”) I 
“ ONE OF THE BEST M A D E CARS 
■ 
IN THE W O R L D ” 
1 

DIESEL ENGINE WILL 
GIVE YOU FROM 27 MPG IN 
THE CITY UP TO 35 MPG 
ON EXPRESSWAYS 
I 
I I ii BROUGHTON MOTORS I 
11213o A U ST IN H W Y . 
6 5 5 - o 2 4 1 1 

! k — 
— 
. 
. 
. 
. 
. 
. 
. 
J 
SO MPG 

* 2 , 9 9 9 * 

HONDA CVCC 

Hondo is the tar and Mission is the place, lf you want a fine, comfortable economy car, Hondo is for you. And the best price and service is ot Mission. Drive out soon. 
PLUS $ 2 o o FREIGHT 
SAN ANTONIO’S LARGEST VW -H oN D A DEALER 
M IS S IO N 
HONDA/VOLKSWAGEN 
13oo S.E. MILITARY DR., 
924-6521 
)22 TOYOTA 

■75 Toyota Celica ST, low mileage, vinyl too, am-fm, lots more, below I book Of S35So. Coll 824-6532. 
‘72 Toyota. Clean, runs Hood, I] owner. $995. 655-6924 otter 6 
■72 TO Y O TA CO ROLLA, Auto^ 
Cleon, 1-Owner, $795. 654-7843. 
72 TO YO TA CORO LLA. $1275. 
736-6114 after 5:3o. 

723 -TRIUMPH 

•7o TR6-Yellow-521 OO. Will nego­ tiate. 
Super, cond. 
496-2641 
828-1878 

724 VOLKSWAGEN 

T ^ F a s T b a c ir ^ M r S ^ a lT o o b T 
$135o. Call: 655-1131. 
_ 

‘74 TOYOTA COROLLA WAGON 
17,ooo on engine steal belted, air, 
A M -FM now starter and genera­ tor, clean, 52,5oo. After S P.M. 
342-27o9. 

IMPORT CAR SERVICE 
VW Rebuilds $249.95 653-7866. 
NORTH LOOP VOLKSWAGEN 
732-7121 
4423 FREDERICKSBURG ROAD 

69 Toyota Corona, heater, radio 
Buns great! $6oo 734-845o_______ 
74 TO YO TA Corolla SR-5, oir, 
3o4- MPG. 53Soo. Now Braunfels, 
1-429-24o2 atter 4 
‘72 TO YO TA COROLLA, 4-door, a u to , a ir , no e q u ity , take up payments, Randy 481-3692_______ 
TOYOTA OF SAN ANTONIO 
17o3 S.E. M IL IT A R Y DRIVE 
924-9451 

ROD EAST VOLKSWAGEN 
14o2 N.E- LOOP 41o 
828-12o1 
72 Super. Blue, new valves. 29,ooo miles. SI8So. 655-1131. 
______ 
Take over payments, no equity ‘74 
VW. 
Call: 
824-76o6 atter 
7: 
494-5734 
__________ _ 

7 2 3 -TRIUMPH 

ALAMO SPORTS CARS 
Authorized Sales and Service 
Triumph-Alfa Romeo 
3111 BROADWAY 828 551 1 

74 THING. 8,ooo mi. 3 tops. Orig. owner. Like new; 822-975o.______ 

VOLKSWAGEN 
Parts-Service-Cors 
655-1131 

7o2 721 fM Etflm R TSC M S 
7o272S F W m SHHTSCMS 
73o743 AUTOMOBILES 
73o^743 AUTOMOBILES 
73o-743 AUTOMOBILES 
73o743 AUTOMOBILES a mom 

FREE CHAMPAGNE 

IN TIME FOR 
SUMMER VACATION 
The New Line of Champagne Busses... 
ON SALE! 

W e have several o f the new cham pagne line o f Volkswagen Busses in stock . . . and on sale. You’ll love the nice appointm ent o f these ‘ Cham pagne Line” o f cars. Special carpet and upholstery. Special colors and trim. See us for the best prices. 

FREE CASE OF TAYLOR BRUT CHAMPAGNE 

Given With Each Bus During This Sale 

M 
I S S I O 
N 

\ O 
L 
K 
K 
W 
. I G i : X 
— 
H 
O 
X H 
A 
13oo S.E. M ilitary Dr. 
924-6521 

DUE TO TREMENDOUS RESPONSE TO 
TOM BENSON'S 1oo1 SALE ON NEW 
UNITS OUR USED CAR DEPARTMENT IS 
OVERSTOCKED WITH TRADE-INS— SO 
THE TIME TO BUY IS RIGHT NOW ! 

4-door, green, loaded, vinyl fop, extra nice - 2 2 2 3 
R IC H T N O W 
IMPALA 

V a 
IMP 
Sport Coupe green, loaded, vinyl top, 
“ 
M i l ¥ bucket seats » l l 85 
R IG H T N O W 
MONTE CARLO 
LEMANS 
MUSTANG 
LEMANS 
PONTIAC 
VOLARE loaded, vinyl top » 2 1 6 1 . 
R IG H T N O W 

 block, loaded, landau, AM FM, 
8.4oo miles ai88o R IG H T N O W 

4-door, green, looded, cruise control 
3 1 ,o o o miles a 21 I 4 
R IG H T N O W .............................. 

2 + 2 Blue, 6 cylinder, looded, 
4-speed transmission a I 3 o 6 
R IG H T N O W 

4-door, green, loaded, vinyl top, 
AM FM tape deck a 2 o 9 3 
R IG H T N O W ...................... 

9-passenger wagon, black, loaded, luggage rack, all the extras a 2 I 86. 
R IG H T N O W ....................... 

Custom Coupe, gold, 6 -cylinder. 

VW SUPER BEETLE 
CUTLASS 
Salon blue, loaded, cruise control, 

IMPALA 
MONTE CARLO 

 orange, 4 spd . A M PM, air. a2275 
R IG H T N O W 

Vinyl top, A M PM tape a22o7 
R IG H T N O W ...................... 

4-door, maroon, loaded, A M , cruise control, low miles a 2 2 4 I. 
R IG H T N O W ................................................... 

 green, loaded, low, low miles 44,ooo a 2 2 13 
R IG H T N O W 
TRUCKS 

NEW CAR 
SHOWROOM 
O P EN 9 A .M .-9 P.M . 
SEE THE ALL NEW 
’77 VOLKSWAGENS 
3 Y e a r / 5 o , o o o Mile 
W arra n ty Available 

CHEVROLET 
TOYOTA 
FORD 
CHEVY 
CHEVY 

Vt ton, silver, loaded, 
Silverado package a2234 

'/? ton, green, outomotic with air conditioning a 2 o o 8 
R IG H T N O W 

V? ton white, 8-cylinder, automatic with radio, nice, a I 9 7 o . 
R IG H T N O W ...................... 

'/? ton gold, 3-speed V 8, radio, good work truck a 2o1 2 

I ton dual wheel, silver, loaded with extras a I 9 4 4 
R IG H T N O W 

R IG H T N O W 

R IG H T N O W 

*1 595 
*3495 
*5295 
*3195 
*3295 
*2395 
*2195 
*4195 
*2495 
*4595 
*2995 
*2195 

*4695 
*3995 
*3695 
*1595 
*5895 
Tom Benson 
9 I B 1 
W 
W 

USED VOLKSWAGENS n i l e automatic, cir, rodio one 
J O V W B U ) ow ner..................................................... 

L o o p 4 1 o A T S A N P E D R O 

 ll 
I 
, 

 it 
. I— 
3 4 1 -3 3 1 4 

7 2 VW BUS tie, rod!.. 
7 4 VW THING........... 
7 4 VW SUPER 
‘74 VW BUS 7-passenger, standard, radio . 

7 5 GMO PICKUP Air, power. 

2* 73 VW S Automatic, i 
7 3 VW Standard, extra clean, low m ileage ... 

’74 TOYOTA MARK ll w°9°n l l VW Super Bug, air, clean 

’71 VW BUG........................................ 
O v e r IO O n e w & u s e d cars in s to c k 

*3895 

*3995 

*2195 

*1975 

*2788 
*1595 
*1295 

SERVICE OPEN 7 to 6 

PARTS O P E N SAT ALI DA Y 
A Y A 

L o n e S t a r v o l k s w a g e n v ® 
' , 

3 3 o 3 B p a d w a y - 
8 2 4 7 3 1 I 
. 

• Tinted gloss 
• 3o1 V8 Engine 

• Automatic Transmission 

• Factory air Conditioning 

• Rally wheels 
• A M /FM stereo 

§ Custom belts 

B E A U T I F U L N E W 
77 GRAND PRIX 
SAU! 

* 

H 
I H 

7 

Grand Prix 

2 1 T O C H O O S E 

F R O M — 
ALL C O L O R S 
5 8 9 5 OO 

1 o D a y s 
O n ly 

 t Bodyside moldings 

 t Sport mirrors 

• Power steering 

 t Power disc brakes 

• Whitewall steel 

 belted radial tires 

• Tilt wheel 

Total Delivered 
Price. Plus Tax, 
Title & License 

MISSION CHEVROLET 
USED CAR SPECIALS 

MECHANICAL INSURANCE AVAILABLE 
ON MOST CARS. \ 2 MONTHS OR 
I 2,ooo MILES. GET DETAILS. 

76 PONTIAC TRANS AM 
*Ton»ml»»lon, power 
(ti broke.. air tond,ticm#ci 

W h ile 
VS. a u to m a tic le e rin g p a w e r 
" I solo 
____________________ 
J (tool 
______________ c ru l.e control, tilt w h e e l p o w e r w in d o w ., e p a x ia l w h e e l, and w h ite r a tte d t ir e . 
. r o n r l l 5 o o m ile ...................................................................... 5 8 V > 

 r n m / C T T r W h ite 
.a d d le in te rio r. 
V - 8 , 
/ o LUK VCI I t outomotit tra n .m ie .io n , p o w ­ er .te a rin g pow er bra ke., air cond itio ne d , ra d io , w h ite tldewaM*. AM TM .to ro o , tilt in I n e w h e e l, IS ,OOO m ile . ........................... 
O I Y J 

’76 MERCURY COUGAR top? 
V S , a u lo m a tlt tr a m m U tio n . pow ttr s ta rtin g p o w e r b ra k e * oir c o n d itio n in g , ro«Mo, w hite iia e w o lli. lo w m ile a g e . 
Bur aa ady with 
’76 VEGA NOMAD WAGON S M y t TojT 
4 c y lin d e r 
3 . peed, radio, m a g w h e e l* 
2 ,8 o o m ile ., .t ill under w a rra n ty . 
.................................. 

 i . r n i e r r Boite* B ayal# C o n vertib le, b lu e w ith w h ite 
/ J U L U ) to p , 
V t , autom atic 
Ir a n .m l . . ion, p o w er 
.te a r in g , p o w e r b ra k e ., oir c o n d itio n e d , rad io , | w h ite .Y d ew aU i, 1 4 ,o o o m ile ................................................. 
G o ld au to m atic tr a n tm l.iio n , air d e w a ll. ................................. 
*75 MALIBU CLASSIC SEDAN 
C 
V - 8 , outo m o tic tra a *m i**lo n , 
D o w e r steerin g , p o w e r b ro k e t, air con d itio n ed , radio, w h ite tid e w a lit , «reU e control, tilt w h e e l . . . . . . . . . . . . 
’75 MONTE CARIO COUPE iZl w C 
V B , a u to m a tic tra n .m U .io n , p o w e r 
.te a rin g , p o w e r b r a k e ., air conditioned, ra d io , w h ite tid e w a i l . 
................................................ 

’75 DODGE DART COUPE c o n d itio n e d , red*©,, w h ite tid e 

’75 FORD GRAND TORINO SEDAN T S T beige vinyl top, VS, automatic transmission, power steering, power brakes, oir conditioned, 

*5295 

*2995 

4895 

'2995 

'3495 

'3995 

 radio, white lls 
'2695 

’75 MALIBU CLASSIC WAGON S J T „‘’TiV. taring, w h ite ) 
VS, auto m a tic p o w e r brokes, sid ew all*. . . . . , 

 frontm itsion, p ow # oir conditioned, steering ra d io , w h ite * 3 6 9 5 

7 4 NO VATSS COUPE S T fc .? 
(2495 

’74 NJjVA COUPE m l..io n , ra d io , w h ite 
.Id a - 
1 ^ 2 9 5 

1 1 1 D r ! 
A I D c e n A k l ■fO "«a, V B a u to m a tic tea- 
/ *» D E L A I K J i l l 
Pl n .m U .io n , p o w e r 
.le e rin g , p o w e r b r a k e ., air conditioned, ra d io , w h ite m i . r t id o w a ll., LOW M IU A O t............................................... /4V5 

’74 PONTIAC GRAND PRIX COUPES aratt. v in y l to p , V -(, autom atic, p o w e r .le e r in g p o w e r b r a k e ., a ir conditioned, ra d io , w h ita tT d ew allt, , n , n c b u c k e t .o a t ., c a n .a le ............................. 
J i V i 

 tw o n n r i i i I . I Blue, 6 cylinder, a u to m a tic Ir a n .- 
, n m r 
74 GREMLIN m l.tio n , rad io , w h ite . I d e w a l l . 
2195 

’74 IMPALA COUPE V I, o u to m o tic transm ission, p o w e r steerin g , pow er b ra k e s , o ir co n d itio n ed , lid* ra d io , w h ite sidew alls. . . . . . . . . 
’74 FORD GALAXY COUPE » 
C - bmW . a u to m a tic transmission p o w e r s tee ring , p ow er b ra kes, a ir conditioned, radio, w h ite s id e w a lls . , . 
’73 NOVA COUPE mafic, transm ission, p ow e r ste e rin g , p ow er brakes, a ir c o n d itio n e d , radio, w h ite s id e w a lls , 
...................................................... 

7 3 MALIBU COUPE m a .it tr a T i.m i.d a n , p o w e r 
•te a rin g , p ow e r b rake., a ir co nd itio ne d , radio, w h ite .T d e w u ll........................... ........................................... 
’73 CAPRICE ESTATE WAGON W 
oJ o mmn‘ m a lic 
Ira n .m i..ion, p aw er 
.le e rin g , p ow er b ra k e ., a ir conditioned, radio, w h ite .id e w a ll. . . . 
’73 CAPRICE COUPE V T auto m a tic transm ission, p o w e r steering, pow er brakes, a ir conditioned, 
A M / T M ra d io , w hite sidewalls. 
73 FORD GRAND TORINO tra nsm issio n, pow er steering. 

Sedan, lig h t green, 
VS, o uto m o tic p o w e r bra kes, oir c o n d itio n e d , radio, w hite sidew alls, n ew tir e s . . . . 

‘2995 

'2995 

'1995 

'2495 

‘2695 

‘2495 

'2295 

M e ta llic orange, a uto m a tic pow er 
*tf»«r»nu. p o w e r b ro ke s, a ir conditioned, ra d io , w h ite s id e w a lls , tilt wheel, ro ily w h e e ls................... . 

’73 CORVETTE T TOP vs' tran sm issio n , p o w er st* 
‘5895 

’73 OLDS CUTLASS SUPREME COUPE 
B urgu nd y w ith champagne v in y l to p , VB, a u to ­ m a tic tra n .m ic.io n , p ow e r 
.le e rin g , p ow e r r n O Q t b ra k e ., a ir conditioned, radio, w h ite .id e w a ll. . , , 
L O T J 

’72 IMPALA COUPE m alic 
Ir o n .m l..to n , p o w e r 
.le e rin g , p ow er b ra ke ., a ir co nd itio ne d , radio, i n n n r w h ite .Id a w a ll* ............................................................................. 
1 1 I J 

, , n 
. , m l n r W hite, VB, a u to m a tic tron»- 
69 IMPALA COUPE m in io n , p o w e r 
.le e rin g , p o w e r a r a k e ., air c o n d itio n ed , ra d io , w h ite i i n n r 
. i d e w a l l . , ........................................................................................... 
I A T J 

’T op d o lla r paid for cle a n cars. 
Se e us if you h a v e o n e to sell. 

M 
I S S I O 
N m i v i t o i i T 
I 2oo S.E. Military | 
■ n m 

PHONE 
924-23 l l 

SUPERIOR PONTIAC 
711 BROADWAY 227-5o41 

B u d g e t 

 k d < ^ C O * * ' ° 
, 

The intelligent alternative. 

Take advantage of these savings and select your new Lancia 
Beta Coupes and Scorpions at a special low price. A tremendous choice ... but for a limited time only. 

JAGUAR • MGB • MIDGET • FIAT • LANCIA 

IM P « 7 8 T 5 
182o BROADWAY 
J S 1 2 - 9 T a i , 

INTRODUCING 
LE CAR RENAULT R5 
Performance the car will not bore you. During 1 9 7 6 , it took first ii if* class in 12 out of 16 races, beating Hondas, Datsuns, Pin­ tos, Vegas, Toyotas ond Fiats. G reat perform ance, plus 
A I MPG highway, 2 5 M PG city, according to EPA tests*. 
Remember: These mileage figures are estimates. The ac­ tual mileage you get will vary depending on the type of driving you do, your driving habits, your car s condition and optional equipment. 
BROUGHTON MOTORS 
213o AUSTIN HW Y. 
6 55 -o 24 1 

SPECIALS 
AT ALAMO AMC 

‘69 AMBASSADOR 

’ 7 o [ A n n 
Cran Torino, 4-door, power and air. Today s 
I L rU K U special at a real low, low price for only............ 

, . . O I f \C 
Cutlass 2-door hardtop, power and oir, blue 

• 
U L U ! with white vinyl top A real buy fo r.................. 

V-8, outomotic, power steering This cor 

 is one you hove been locking f o r .......... 
7 4 J A V E L I N 

. u n D M C T 
Sportobout Wogon, 6 cylinder outomotic, 
/ o H U K N C I power steering, air A real creom puff, 

 local one o w n e r....................................................................... 

7 5 V W 
Rabbit, air, a real sharp local one o w n e r............... 

/ . D r u 
. | | | 
6 cylinder, o real economy cor. 
7 4 G R E M L I N 
Today s special buy for o n ly ................. 

4-door, power and air A reol sharp 
76 MATADOR factory executive cor 
Todays 

 special price. Stock a243SP 
................................... 

’74 COUGAR XR7 

 kind. Today s specral. . 

Fully powered with air AM FM 

 tape 
This is only one of its 

*1195 

*1388 

*2888 

*2888 

*4244 

*2772 

* 1 6 6 6 

*3488 

*4288 
ALAMO AMC 

1 1 1 1 S a n P e d r o 
2 2 7 - 7 5 1 1 

DEVINE FORD INC. 

NO. I Beating Uptown Prices 

• l o w OVERHEAD • VOLUME SALES 

SMALL PROFIT DEALER 

GUARANTEES s2oo. to *5oo. 
IN SAVINGS! 
ON ALL CARS & TRUCKS 

DEVINE FORD INC. 
8o1 N. TEEL DR. H IG H W A Y 81 
DEVINE, TEXAS 

I A P hone 6 7 7 -8 2 o o 
D e v in e 6 6 3 -2 8 7 6 

725-VOLVO 

PARK TEN VOLVO 
IH SCOUT D E ALE R 
132 BALCONES NORTH 732-2143 
75 Volvo 242DL, air, auto, ain tm stereo, 4 whi disc brakes. I owner, 
$4795. 656 1313 or 655-9163 
73 VOLVO 164E 
Air, tape Sun ro o f. A u to. 63,ooo m ile s . B e st offer 344-1345 otter 5: 

726 MISCELLANEOUS AUTOS 

'67 VOLVO 18oo. O verdrive, $17oo. 
Coll. 734-5197. 
•71 VOLVO WAGON, air, am -fm , 
Std, $18oo. 341-6784. 
______ 

724 - VOLKSWAGEN 

VW, 1969 Convertible, Bood condi­ tion $1,ooo. firm . 12+3o44 ; 341-1o14 eves. 
74 VW Dasher, auto, a ir v in y l, like new, $249$, 333-8152 
-74 >/w Dasher $2495. Blue 
B row n in te rio r + spd , o ir 39,ooo m i. 
1-o w n e r v e ry c le o n 
658-o591,65o-o115 eves 
VW DASHER, 1974. 4 door, ste r­ eo, a ir , m a n y e x tra s , h i g a s m ileage. S ilver, sta n d a rd tra n s ­ m ission, steel raadials. As new. 
$4395. 12+6525 

724-VOLKSWAGEN 

•75 VW Hobbit Deluxe, standard, low mileooe. $285o. 453-1689. 
■75 VW RABBIT, excellent condi­ tio n , o ir, am -fm ste re o . R a dio. 
$295o. 67+8788 eves. 

$495 
‘43 VW-RUNS G O O D!! 
44o-oo42 A fte r 6: 
VW SPECIALISTS 
RE BU ILT SHORT BLOCKS 
349-4469 
•73 VW tquareback sedan, 2 dr, light blue, air, auto, radio, $2ooo. 
65+4978. 
.... 

•72 Volvo W agon. A ir cond ition, loaded, new tires, low m i. $25oo. 
Call after 5 828-2676. 

728-MISCELLANEOUS AUTOS 

•76 TR-7. Fully loaded, 3,ooo mites, 
AM -FM stereo 8-track, air. $53oo. 
341-7o3o. 
•69 T riu m p h GT6 + , good cond! lion, overdrive, $1295. 653-4526. 
75 T R IU M P H TR6 C onvertible, am -fm tape deck, yellow, black. 
V inyl top. 27,ooo m i. $52oo. Seguin 
(1)379-25o6 

1972 VOLKSWAGEN SEDAN 
Clean. $1o95-225-7111 
V o lk s w a g e n bus, 197o. 61,ooo miles. 7 passenger. (5) new tires. 
C a rp e t. E n g in e and fro n t end overhauled. Papers to prove it! 
$1995 226-3o73 

•74 VW D asher 4 d r, auto, a ir, | 
M ichelin tires, low m ileage, very 9 clean. $315o. 923-o734. 
•71 't/m 411. 4-dr! lo tio n , auto., air, original owner. 12+745o. 
VW D une B u g g y . F ib e rg la s s body, $8oo. Call 342-1551. 

•71 VW SQUAREBACK 
$95o 
A ttr 5: 
734-6114 

$ 1 8 5 4 
•73 VW Standard, a ir. am-fm tape, term s available, call Rick Mod, or 
Fred Baron, 341-5571 
_ 

‘ 7o VW BU G , C lean, re c e n tly overhauled $895 Call. 684-2o6o. 
‘7o VW BUG. Excellent cond. New battery. $8oo 673-8369 otter 5. 

VWEnune 
METRECMB 
■O verhaul VW 
MASTER, 82+7427 I 

'49 VW. Std., v e ry clean. Runs excellent. Owner. $995. 69+84o7. 
•72 VW Sunroof, overhauled, im - maculate. $1395. 333-8152________ 

VW 16oo engine. R ecently o v e r­ hauled, gauranteed. 674-5563. 

‘76 T rium ph TR7, lim e green, CB plus cassette, excellent condition, 
$49oo 675-9177 Otter 4 p m _______ 
71 TR4 red, valve job, new clutch, new M ichelins. Needs body work. paint. $12oo. E rie, 828-7825. 

VW BUG 1973, 12 passenger, auto, 
5 new ra d ia ls , e x c e ll. co n d . 
49+5789 or 494-2352 

69 VW Fastback Full auto, trons 
Less thon 1,ooo m i. since ens overhaul. Good body and in te rio r 
See ofter 6 p.m. or oil day Sun: 
1418 Deer Run: 49+2669. 

•71 VW Super Beetle blue, sun- root, new rodlo, $1275. 822-5796. 
‘75 VW Von. A M -F M , c u rta in s ! sidestep. I owner. $43oo. 82+5346. 
•75 VW Wogon. 4-dr., a ll e xtra s. 
E x c e lle n t cond. O w n e r. $3995. 
43+5725 otter 5 p.m. wkdoys. 

72 
VW 
C o n v e rtib le , 
*175o 
696-241o until 
4:3o; 
69o-84o8 evenings. 
CAII 225-T666 
VW OVERHAUL S4oo S5oo 
12 Mo.-l2,ooo mi. W arran ty 
Northside Bug Repair, 696 5869 

•69 VW W agon I II. C lean, m e­ chanically sound. 
"C u te !" 
658-8862.________________________ 
£Alt I F T T * 66 

STEPHENS AUTO. 
GARAGE & SALES 

5 o 1 W E S T A V E N U E 
736-1861 

71 JAVELIN 
$95o 

72 FORD Pickup 
$15oo 

7 2 CHEVY Impolo 
$1295 

7 o FORD 
$9oo 

7 1 MONTE CARLO 
$895 

7 1 VW 
$9oo 

7 o OLDS Vista Cruiser wagon, 

 completely rebuilt 
$1595 

67 MERCURY Wagon 
$6oo 

7o PLYMOUTH Ouster. $795 

73 PINTO Wogon 
$1 5o o 

CARS 
CARS 
CARS 
NEW USED REPOS 

TAKE UP PAYMENTS 
ON SOME MODELS 

• WILL FINANCE • 

• WITH LITTIE CREDIT • 

C A II: BOB PUENTE or 
JOE EDGEHOUSE 

222-8611 
222-1685 

PASHOIAN’S 

PRE-OWNED CARS 

Corner Broadway & Pearl Pkwy 

224-6956 

73 CHALLENGER 
$2379 

7 3 TRIUMPH SPITFIRE 
$2279 

73 TOYOTA CELICA 
.$2179 

*72 CUTLASS SUPREME .. $2279 

71 FIREBIRD................$19/9 

■ 64 BEACH BUGGY 
. 
$1o79 

{(CLEARANCE SALEH 

P IA O . 'JOB W A N I »■ o 
IN THI fXPStSS NCVV5 
CAU 225-1666 

GOOD-WEAK CREDIT?? 

With Stable Income? 

There is a way we can 
SELL YOU A CAR 
OR TRUCK 

• 3 o to choose from • 
PRICED $795. & UP 

KINNEY MOTORS 

3928 BROADWAY 

AMC M atador Coupe. *74. std., 6 cyl. 18 m pg, excellent 698-1o95 
| 74 AMC M ATADO R, A C, power 
I steering, pow er bra ke s, AM -FM i stereo, clean, 344-9327___________ i '75 Grem lin, fully loaded, low mi. I owner, perfect condition. 494-5678 or 65+7495______________________ 
‘74 G rem lin X. A ir, auto., good condition $195o. C all: 333-6276. 
•72 Javelin SST. Super Sporty 2 dr., console, b u c k e t seats, lug. rack on trunk Fan tastic Red See to appreciate. 
A sking 
$1495. 
432-3797. 
______ 
_____ 

RENT-A-CAR 

’76 AMC PACERS........ s33oo 

’76 AMC GREMLINS 
*2795 

THESE CARS ARE THE GAS SAVING 6 CYLINDER ALL 
WITH: 
AIR 
CONDITIONING, 
POWER 
STEERING, 
AUTOMATIC, SOME WITH: AM FM STEREO, LUG­ 
GAGE RACKS. SOME WITH BUCKET SEATS. WE HAVE 
(2) GRE/vUINS WITHOUT POWER 
STEERING. I WOULD LET GO AT . . . . 
‘255o 

’76 GRAND PRIX’S 
WE HAVE SEVERAL TO CHOOSE FROMM WITH 
J VARYING 
ACCESSORIES, 
SUCH 
AS: 
CRUISE 
(CONTROL, TILT WHEEL, 6o-4o BUCKET SEATS, 
I AAM 
REST, 
POWER 
WINDOWS. 
(2) 
WITH 
SUNROOF 
ALL HAVE AMFM STEREO, MAGS,; 
I O f LUXE MIRRORS, PUU 
$j! > I A A I 
I INSTRUMENTATION STARTING AT 
‘ fH U U J 

’76 PONTIAC FIREBIRD ESPRIT 

THIS CAR IS A “ GAS SAVING'* 6 CYLINDER ENGINE. 
IT 
IS 
EQUIPPED WITH POWER 
BRAKES, POWER 
STEERING, AUTOMATIC, CONSOLE. WITH BUCKET 
SEATS. 
AM-FM STEREO, DELUXE MIRRORS, MAG 
WHEELS, ACCENT STRIPES. ONLY 
13,ooo MILES. 
DARK BLUE METALLIC WITH BLUE LEATHERETTE IN­ 
TERIOR. ONLY ONE TO 
CHOOSE FROM .................................... 
‘465o 

(2) ’76 CHEVETTES 
LEFTI! THE TEENY WEENY GAS BURNER 4 j n r i p 
CYLINDER, 4 SPEED. WOULD YOU BELIEVE 
J t J / J 
(NO AIR OF COURSE) 

’76 VEGA 
AUTOMATIC, 
AIR, 
RADIO, 
ACCENT 
STRIPES. 
THE 
ANSWER 
FOR 
A 
SOC Cfi 
GRADUATE 
L J J U 

BUDGET RENT A CAR FLEET SALES 
338 N.E. LOOP 41oSAN ANTONIO, TEXAS 
SEE D O N H A M ! fleet m a n a g e r 
3 4 9 - 4 4 4 1 

732 BUICK 

•75 B U IC K C E N T U R Y 34,ooo m ile *, s u n ro o f, a m -fm stereo, tape, pow er windows, 
$495o 
432-4315 

732 -BUICK 

•73 BUICK Regal. 2 door, lake up paym ents, coll 924-6671 

$1,75o Moving m ust sell, 73 Ker­ nel, air, looded, 828-2454.________ 

'75 Buick C entury Custom. 28,ooo m r, a ir, a u to , A M ra d io Best offer. 657-o93o 

7t BU IC K SKYLARK $795 
648 1131 
65+2678 

•72 Cutlass, 2 door, loaded 
21+5 
•74 Vega, auto, a ir ............... $1595 
•7o VW Bug ............................ $1o95. 
'7o M averick 2-door 
$$?$. 
'68 Lid 4 door 
$69$, 
‘69 M ercury 4 door .............. $595. 
‘67 Falcon 2-door ................... $395 
SMITH S Used Cars 
7o5 S .ALAMO 
22+9144 
73o-743 ■ MTOMOBILES 

•76 Pacer E xtra clean. TO SET­ 
TLE ESTATE. C all: 633 o99o 

'73 Buick E le ctra '225', one owner 
828 6355, a fte r 7 >696-o3o3 

76 Pacer. Like new. U nder w a r­ ranty 
A nytim e weekdays: 
824-4o58. 
. 

732 BUICK 

H A V E 
S M A L L 
DO W N 
PAYM EN T but little o r no cre d it and lo oking fo r a new o r used ca-? Colt Herb 225-79o9 
NO M O N EY DOW N, a ll m akes 
! and models to choose fro m . Call 
Herb. 225-79o9 

J 

TEXAS AUTO SALES 
O ur specialty - e x tra n ice used cars. 923-4341 - 923-o737 

B E A U T IF U L B la c k 
47 B u ick 
Electra 
225, a ll paw er, air. 
! 734-834o 
_____________________ j 73 BUICK Centurion 2 door hard­ top, ail power, fa cto ry a ir, extra clean Si595. 9o%»inancing availa- hie. 224 441o_____________________ 
73 Buick C e ntu rion, loaded, ex- cedent, owner, $25oo 484-92o4 
72 Buick C e n tu rio n . 4-dr. hard ton- low m ileage. O rig, owner. 
337-3647 
•74 Buick Century, excellent cond. 
, $29oo 82+4155 eves, weeke nds___ 

BU IC K E L E C T R A 197o. 58,ooo 
■ m iles. Lo a d e d , a n d lik e n e w t! 
$1195 Coll: 225-65o1, m ust ask for 
Don Holtz_______________________ 
J 7o Buick E state Wagon. Cruise, 
AM-FM, good cond. 
$1ooo 
648-4268.________________________ 
Buick 1971 G ran Sport, excellent, 
$1895 65+o6o2; 458-4771_________ 
71 Buick LeS abre, I owner, tow mileage, good condition, $14oo or moke offer 453-7975 atter 5 pm 
1972 B uick L im ite d . A ll power. 
I Loaded. 1 625-2915_______________ 
I *73 B u ick L im ite d . O nly 4o,ooo miles. $2775-222 1342____________ 
: 7o B u ick L im ite d . Good cond. 
Looded 4-door. Coll 828-775* 
•74 Buick Regal, landau root, air, power steering, brokes, excellent 
. condition, $3,2oo. 455-292$. 

•69 B u ic k S k y lo rk . 4 -d r., lo w m ilet. O rig in a l owner, very good cond $1o45. 341 2o34 
__ 
‘68 Buick S kylark Good condition 
$9oo 922-8491,481-3144. 
_______ 
75 Buick S kylark, V II. power, air, e x c e lle n t c o n d itio n , reason fo r selling, m a rria g e . 1-379 2o36 
‘49 Buick S kylark, good condition, power, o ir, $65o 226-7728________ 
68 Buick W ildcat 55,ooo mi. good cond M ake o tte r 496-3799________ 
‘76 LeSabre Custom 4 dr. sedan 
Power, tilt wheel, cruise control. 
M ic h e lin ra d ia ls . 16.ooo m ile s 
$5495 432-8747___________________ 
197o Le Sabre. 4-door hardtop, 1 
O w n e r. 58,ooo m i. E x c e lle n t. 
$1,595. 455-1444__________________ 
‘48 R iv ie ra , $5,ooo m ile !. Excei- lentt 828 6355, o tte r 7 -694 o3o3 
•69 S K Y LA R K CUSTOM, white 2 dr, $5oo 824-1346________________ 
‘72 S k y la rk C ustom , 53,ooo m i. 
Im m aculate beauty ! 81+8338 . 

 f 

 m m m m a m 7 m g m i W R i i R m i m m m 

Son Antonio £ X P R E S S -N E W S — 
Sunday M a y 15 1977 

738-743-AratOBIIi^, 
73o 743AUToMoB1LES 
73o 743AUTOMOBILES 
73o 743 AUTOMOBILES^ 

< T / O N SALE ★ S A V E $ $ L I Q U I D A T I O N SALE * S A V E S S L I Q U I D A T I O N SALE 
O' 
* S A V E S S L I Q U I D A T I O N SALE * S A V E S S L I Q U I D A T I O N SA LE ★ S A V E S S L I Q U I D A T I O N * S A V E SS L I Q U I D A T I O N SA 

77 GRAND 
PRIX 
Automatic, power and air, bucket seats, mag wheels. 

. k 
= 1 o o o . 

WAS S6465. NOW 
*5495 

77 leMANS 
2-door hardtop, all power, air, automatic, vinyl trim, mats, moldings, mirror 

 g r o u p - * 
8 6 1 . 

W A S $5831 W O W 
*4995 
77 CMC 
.1 ton Cabin n 
Chassis, dual 
A w heels, stab ile 
^ ; t e r , 4 sp e ed , air, 
'.-Sierra G rande 
►.** eq u ip m en t, gau- ft g es, special sus-i 
: - pension. = 4 o 8 . 
WAS $67oo. NOW 
*5495 

— v 
Mr. TINDALL 

B k 
HAS NEW CARS 
I I I 
AND TRUCKS COMING 
1 9 ' 
OUT OF HIS EARS!! 
SP 
I WEEK ONLY 
LIQUIDATION SALEH 

7 7 
ISJ 
IMI p o w *r, air, ou tom otK t a n d w lop . 
(r u n * control. tam p group. b o d y lid o m olding. p « w o r d o o r 
Ifocfcv p o w e r w in d o w ! 
'ond t o o n tilt w hen! lA M / F M 
W itt) 
C l. m 
[1o33. 

WAS $7877. HOW 
*6695 
77 leMANS 

4 - d o o r s e d a n , a ll p o w e r, air, 3 5 o e n g in e , m a ts, m o ld in g s , tin te d g la s s , p o w e r 
S te e r in g a n d b ra k e s. = I I 6 4 . 

WAS $6159. NOW 
*5241 

7 7 G RAN O PRIX 

IJ D e m o 
(■ t e n d e d f a c ­ to ry w a r r a n ty , alt p o w e r, a ir, ip m tia l p a in t, la n d a u to p , 
4 o o engirt# le a th e r trim , crw itt co n tro l, la m p grou p, p o w e r d o o r lock*, p o w e r w in d o w s and s e a ts 
A M ste re o , tilt w h e e l, m a g w h e e ls. # 3 o o . 

WAS $8293 NOW 
*6795 

77 CATALINA 
| 2-door hardtop, all power, air, • automatic, AM radio, stereo 8 track player. 
* 11 59. 

WAS $6329. NOW 
'5395 

77 GMC 

Fenderside, stabilizer, 35o automatic, Sierra 
Grande package. 
= 462. 

WAS $5555. NOW 
*456o 

7 7 CATALINA 
4-door sedan, V - 
6, all power, air, automatic, body side molding, accent stripes, demo extended factory warranty. 
WAS $4275. NOW 
*5395 

77 

BONNEVILLE 

4 - d o o r s e d a n , a ll p o w e r, air, la m p g ro u p , b o d y sid e m o ld in g . = 8 1 7 . 

WAS $6655 NOW 
*5643 

77 FIREBIRD 
TRANS-AM 

All power, air, automatic, tilt wheel, 
4oo engine, cruise control, special edition 

WAS $7896. NOW 
*6995 

77 
BONNEVILLE 
| 2-door coupe, all 
I power, air, digital clock, moldings, m ag wheels. 
#11o8. 

WAS $6865. NOW 
5695 

77 GMC 
Roily STX Van 12 passenger, all power, air, auto­ matic, AM FM radio, I -ton, gau­ ges, 6,ooo miles. 
WAS $8762. NOW 
*6995 

77 FIREBIRD 
TRANS-AM 

All power, air, molding, power steering, power door locks, tilt wheel, 8 track stereo, = 12 5 9. 

WAS $7249. NOW 
*6495 
77 SUNBIRD 

2 - d o o r c o u p e , air, all p o w e r , a u t o m a t ic , m a g w h e e ls , 
= 1 2 1 3 . 

WAS $5184. NOW 
*4595 

77 GMC 

3 speed standard, 

V-6, radio, heavy 

 duty radiator. 

#87 4. 

WAS $45o2. NOW 
*3795 

77 FIREBIRD 
2-door Coupe, all power, air, auto­ matic, molding, mag wheels, V-6. 
= 13o5. 

WAS $6o58. NOW 
*5395 

77 SUNBIRD 
2-door sport hatchback, all power, air, automatic, mag wheels, console, spoit mirror, moldings. #836. 

WAS $5485. NOW 
4895 

7 7 GMC 

4 wheel drive, all 

 power, mr, automatic, 
4oo V-8, custom 

 steering, m ag wheels, 

 special paint, gauges, Mi 

Sierra package. — 1 1 4 1. 

WAS $7843. NOW 
*6695 

76 ASTRE 

2 - d o o r c o u p e , air, r a d ia l tu n e su s p e n s io n , m irro r g r o u p , c u sto m b e lts. 
= 356. 

WAS $4114. NOW 
*3595 

77 
SUBURBAN 
4 wheel drive, 
35o V-8, tilt wheel, 4o gallon tank, Sierra 
Classic, special paint. 

WAS $1ooo3. NOW 
SI 

77 VENTURA 
4 - d o o r se d a n , a ll p o w e r , a ir, c ru ise c o n tro l, la m p g r o u p , m o ld in g , 
V -6 , tilt w h e e l, m a g w h e e ls . 
= 4 2 8 . 

WAS $5685. NOW 
*4995 

76 ASTRE 
2-door coupe, 4 cylinder, 4 speed, power I steering, AM/FM stereo, | air, tinted glass, radial tune suspension, S year | or 6o,ooo miles warranty. =855. 

WAS $4344. NOW 
*3695 

77 GMC 

Jimmy 4 wheel drive, all 

 power, air, Hi Sierra, 

4oo V-8, cruise control, 

 large fuel tank, sliding 

 window s, carpet 

= 1271. 

WAS $9273. NOW 
*7795 

77 ASTRE 

H a tc h b a c k c o u p e , r a d ia l tu n e s u s ­ p e n s io n , c o n s o le , a ll p o w e r , air, a u to m a tic , c u s to m s e a t o p tio n . = 2 8 4 . 

WAS $5o31. NOW 
*4495 

7 7 GMC 
Jimmy 2 wheel drive, all power, air, stabilizer, 3o5 engine, tilt wheel, loaded, gauges. 
= 1291. 
WAS $7o21. NOW 
*62o7 

7 7 LeMANS 

SAFARI 
2 s e a t w a g o n , a ll p o w e r , air, p o w ­ e r se a ts , m o ld ­ in g s, A M ' F M ste re o . = I 2 2 3 . 

WAS $6562. NOW 
*5595 

77 GMC 
I Ton dual wheel pickup, all power, air, automatic, 454 engine, auxiliary fuel tank, 
Sierra Grande package, camper package, demo extended factory warranty. =139. 
WAS $8295. NOW 
*6595 

7 7 GMC 
Yr ton, all power, air, 4 speed, 35o, extra tank, Sierra 
Grande, tu-tone painting. =1298. 

WAS $629o. NOW 
*5133 

77 SPRINT 

A ll p o w e r, a ir, a u to ­ m a tic, p o w e r d o o r lo ck s, D o w e r w in d o w s , c o n so le , b u c k e t se a ts, sp e cia l su sp e n sio n , sp e cia l p a in t, A M / F M ra d io , h e a v y d u ty ra d ia to r, m a g w h e e ls, d e m o e x te n d e d w a r r a n ty . 3* 6 9 4 . 
WAS $6734. NOW 
*5695 

77 GMC 
All power, air, automatic, 35o V- 
8, step bumper, gauges, custom steering wheel. 
= 797. 

WAS $6428. NOW 
*5o95 

77 CATALINA 

Safari 2 seal wagon, all power, air, automatic, moldings. =1281. 

WAS $6852. NOW 
*5695 

J im m y C a sa G ra n d e 4 w h e e l d riv e cam p er equip, a ll p o w e r, air, tilt w heel, m a g w heels, 
32 g a llo n tan k, 4 o o V - j 
8, cruise control, en- g in e -o il cooler, cam p er on back , Hi Sie rra equ ip m e n t, A 1 8 1 1 . 
WAS $13169. NOW 
9495 

77 GRAND 
PRIXs 

59 to choose from. 
IO available with 
“T-ToP" options. 
, SAVE 
HUNDREDS 
Mr. TINDALL 
HAS USED CARS AND TRUCKS 
COMING OUT OF HIS EARS TOO!! 

(EVERY CAR AND TRUCK REDUCED)! 

■*8 

I V V H 
E M 
Y I I D A 
2-door coupe, all power, air, landau top, 4,9oo miles, mag 
P A C 
Q 
C 
/ / 
V E r l I U R A wheels, body side m old in gs.................................................... 
^ W e o w a r 
76 GRAND PRIX top, mag wheels, nice car .............................. 
$4895 
72 VOLVO 164E All power, air, automatic, 38,ooo miles, nice cor, AM FM $2695 
76 GRAND PRIX 
All power, air, bench seots, mog wheels, vinyl top, 43,ooo $4288 

76 GLASTRoN 
7795 
74 AVENGER Jet boot, custom trailer, tunneling romp, 7o MPH, boat im- $4995 

9 y r / M D C 
R°Ya,e 4-door, loaded, power windows and seots, cruise control, tilt $ C Q 
Q 
O 
/ / u L U ) wheel, AM fM stereo with tope deck, vinyl t o p .........................................V 
I 
O 
O 
'74 MONTE CARLO 
PoWer' oir" londou ,op‘ fW Stereo, 58,ooo ^2995 

’ T U r D 
A k i r t D D I V 
A)l power, air, mag wheels, vinyl top, AM FM radio, 
I J U I C M S 'J U r K 
I A 
1o,ooo miles, power w in d o w s......................................... 
74 CATALINA 2-door, all power, vinyl top, mog wheels, AM FM radio, 44,ooo ^2495 

* 7 A f O h l T l h i F h l T A I 
Morl< tootled, tilt wheel, cruise control, leather in- 
$ 
7 f t f t 
' * k v l l I ||T| C lx l I A L tenor, AM-FM stereo with tape deck, nice c a r............... e t rn 
73 OLDS CUSTOM CRUISER power seats, cruise control, tilt wheel * 
1 695 

• • 

74 FIREBIRD ESPIRIT 
*2795 
72 GRAND PRIX 
*1895 

H D V D 
T 
411 power, air, automatic, vinyl top, power steering and S O A 
G 
C 
V v U 
U n n 
A l l / windows, AM FM stereo, split seats, nice cor ...................O 
O 
# 
J 
7o leMANS S C S * 
*1o95 
73 BUICK ELECTRA 225 control, tilt wheel. *...!*.... *1695 
73 AMC HORNET 
*1675 
73 LeMANS ISZSTml.rTi 
*1595 
75 CUTLASS SUPREME JLTCMX’T ? . “'n ' *4595 
76 MONTE CARLO 

’ T C C D 
A W n D D I V 
P°wer- a'f, automatic, power windows, power door $ A Q 7 
C 
/ J U U A P I L / I I H 
A locks, stereo radio, vinyl top ......................................... ^ 
O 
# mf 
75 CONTINENTAL MARK IV 
*72o4: radio/player, moon roof, landau top .................................................................... 
§ O 
# O 
75 ELITE All power, oir, automatic, AM FM stereo, vinyl top, 
*3595 

7 
3 d J T | [ A 5 5 
2^door' o,1 P°wer- a'T- automatic, vinyl top, 8 frock tape, ^ 
2 
4 
9 
5 

’T A D I I lf* ST l o C A R D E Cus*om all power, oir, mog wheels, custom vinyl 
’ ” w i l l v l \ L e J H 
D n L top, power windows ond seots, power door locks, 
S A G 
G 
C stereo radio, tilt wheel, 14,ooo m ile s....................................................................... 
J J J 
76 BONNEVILLE 
*4395 

' 7 A C 
D 
A A l 
C A S A D ! 
* sent, all power, air, luggage rack, power windows and S O C Q 
£ ? v l s H l l 
J H 
T H m seat, power door lock, cruise control, stereo radio ..... Mm mf 7 a# 

Ranger pickup, with camper, oil power, air, automatic......................................... 
72 FORD 

’ 7 7 C 
M f 
1/4 ton all power, oir, outomatk, camper equipment, 
/ / 
U I Y l V 
8,ooo miles, with sleeper ........................ 
............ 
75 CHEVROLET 
I ton dual wheel, 4 speed, power and a i r ............... 

*2195 
*6295 
*4195 
75 CATALINA Wagon, 3 seat, all power, air, automatic, AM/FM stereo, 8 track *3695 
72 PONTIAC LeMANS 2 door hardtop, all power, oir, automatic, vinyl $ 1797 

74 LeSABRE 
*2595 
TINDALL AND SON PONTIAC— G M C 
39oo SAN PEDRO • OPEN EVENINGS FOR YO UR CONVENIENCE • 736-1561 
★ SAVE $$ LIQ UIDATION SALE ★ SAVE $$ LIQ U IDAT IO N SALE * SAVE $$ LIQ U ID A T IO N SALE ★ SAVE $ $ LIQ U IDAT IO N SALE ★ SAVE $$ LIQ U ID A T IO N SALE ★ SAVE $$ LIQ U ID AT IO N SALE ★ <= 

INSTANT CASH 

P a id o n the sp o t for c le a n u se d c ars a n d trucks. 
S to p in fo r fre e a p p r a is a l. 

U S E D C A R D E P A R T M E N T 
TOM BENSON 
' CHEVROLET 

9 4 oo San Pedro 

733 CADILLAC 
734-CHEVROLET 

'73 C ad illac Se da n D e ville . 32,ooo I mi., $3*oo 655-84o3 
I 

'74 Coupe D e v ille Loaded, excel- i lent cond. $4695 654-o544__________ 

‘73 C ou p e D e v ille , fu lly loade d , m u st sell, S25oo 922-841o___________ 
D J D U N L A P M O T O R S 
917 B ro a d w a y 
227-2873 
C ad -O ld s-Lin c o ln C l r _______ 
‘72 E l D o rad o , all black, loaded, good tires, A l, $32oo 824-8377 
'72 E l D orad o. 39,ooo m iles, clean 
S4ooo, 7am 1opm, 734-2o16. 

732 BUICK 
733 CADILLAC 

'75 E ld ora d o. 1o,ooo mi., 5 V o g u e tires See to appreciate. 736-3311. 
77 Fleetw ood 4 d r B ro u g h a m , all o p t io n a l e q u ip m e n t , v e r y lo w m ileage, in w a rra n ty, w ill trade. 
I 834-2932___________________________ 

RIAT* CADILLAC 
117 L E X IN G T O N _________ 224-7221 

72 S E D A N D E V I L L E 
V e ry clean. $1795. 495-8184 

•72 S k y l a r k 
L a d y s c a r . L o w m ileage, v e ry nice 736-o392 
1972 S K Y L A R K 
O n lv 5o,ooo m ile s. C o m p le t e ly lo a d e d !! I n ­ clu din g p ow er w indow s, A M -F M . 
Fa c to ry n e w !! C oll 225-65o1, m u st a sk for D o n H ollz 

733 CADILLAC 

’66 C a d illa c C o u p e D e v ille . F u ll power, $325. 733-o742. 

C adillac C on ve rtible '7o. $12oo or trade. Call: 673-7929 

■73 C a d illa c C o u p e D e v ille 
A ll p o w e r, a ir , tilt a n d t e le s c o p e ste e rin g w heel. A M - F M stereo, elec locks, v e ry clean. G ood ru b ­ b er 73,5oo H iw a y m ile s. $325o 
494-3431, 8 o.m .-4:3o p.m. w kd oys. 

ONE Of A KIND 
By original owner, 1975 Fleet­ wood Brougham De Elegance — every option available except sunroof PIUS new steel belted radials, CB radio with retractable antenna, cassette tape player ond regulate from inside the car adjustable arr shocks. Less (hon 
24.ooo actual miles. Flawless condition 
Irodes considered 
$8995 
494-6839 or 656-1313 

734 CHEVROLET 

•76 C ad illac C ou p e D e v ille . L o w m ileage Coll: 342-1417. 

69 C A D IL L A C C O U P E D E V I L L E 
E L E G A N T 
R U N S A N D L O O K S 
L IK E IT H A S N 'T B E E N U S E D . 
F I R S T 
$ 1 2 o o 
C A S H 
821o 
B R O A D W A Y A L A M O H E IG H T S 
•72 C A D IL L A C D E V IL L E . T A K E 
U P M O N T H L Y P A Y M E N T S . 
O W N E R S E Q U I T Y F R E E N E T 
P A Y O F F O N L Y $1663 H U R R Y ! * 
828-6959 

'61 C ad illac Fleetw ood A ll pow er, re b u ilt Ir o n s , n ew e x h a u s t a nd tires, ports. $425. 333-4o78 ofter 
6P M 

I 1972 B E L A IR , vin yl top, oir, ste r­ eo tape $1,4oo 226-3121 before S. 
| 342-4473. 
I '7o B ro o k w o o d W a g o n VS, fu lly loaded, good tires, m a ke offer. 
I 458-1547. 
B y O w ner: ‘77 M onte C o rlo 27oo m ite s, ‘76 M e r c u r y M o n a r c h . 
M u st sa c rific e ! A f t e r s 
349-469o 
I ‘73 C o m o ro . L o a d e d e xce lle n t, below book valu e 826-5536 off 6 

C A M A R O 1976 
L o a d e d ! L o w 
: m ile a g e . 36 m o n t h w a r r a n t y . 
$48oo o r best otter. 828-117o j '7 3 C A M A R O , lo a d e d , a u t o , pow er, a ir, p o w e r w in d o w s, a m - im $2895 o r m a k e otter. 924-6416 

'69 C a m a ro n e e d s little w o rk on 1 m otor 433-2948.____________________ 
I 75 C A M A R O , take up p aym en ts, I I coll 924-6671 

VACATION WAGONS 
171 c | i r \ / v Bernville Sports Van, 2o 
Brown, 
7 o V U E V T White, 
V8, 
Automatic, 
Dual 
Air, 
Cruise Control, and More............................. r y t D A U T I b f ^ ron Safari, 3 Seat Wagon, 
• O r v N 
11 A V Electric Windows, Electric Seots, 
Cruise Control, Stereo, Radio, 18,ooo M iles........ 

* 7 L f U C l f V Caprice, 3 Seat Estate Wagon, Beige, 
I O V H C V T 
Electric, 
Windows, 
Electric 
Seots, luggage Rack, Stereo, Radio, 12,ooo M ile s------ 

»■*/ A i n e 
^ 5,° 
Lru's* '’ 
J 
Seat 
Wagon, 
• O U L U ) 
Automatic, Air, Stereo, Radio Mas a 
Few Miles, (44,8oo) But Very Cleon and Priced 
Righ t....................................................... 
171 C A D A &ron Torino, IO Passenger Wagon, 
I ** r U K U Brown 
Electric 
Windows. 
Electric 
Seats, luggage Rack, Stereo, Radio 
. 

» « *« A i i k r 
Custom Cruiser, Full luxury, Power 
/ O U L U ) with stereo................................ 

 t e n A | n $ tus,om Cruiser, Full luxury Equip- 
/ Z U L U ) ment. Including A ir..................... r y e p f K l T A 
^ 
Door, 
Runabout, 
Yellow, 
/ A I r IIM I U 
Automatic, 
Air 
Conditioned. 
38,ooo M iles................................................ 

*5995 

*5695 

*5695 

*4695 

*3495 

*2795 

*1695 

•69 C h e v y C a p ric e 396, auto, $5oo. 
824-3698 after 5, a sk for Ron. 

1734 CHEVROLET 
734 

‘72 Im p ala. Loa d ed , p lu s e xtra s. 
E x c e ll e n t c o n d . 38 ,ooo m ile s . 
$2195. 658 2153. 
'73 C h e v y C a p ric e 2-dr., 454 eng. 
F u lly equipped $175o. 227-5812 or 
342-9673. 

'69 IM P A L A , m u st see and d rive. 
$895 494-5313 

•56 C H E V Y D U N E B U G G Y . $45o 
C all: 533-1414 

1973 M A L I B U , a ll p o w e r, a ir . 
826-9565, 695-8o56 

'74 C H E V Y E state w agon, 9 p a s­ se n ger, take up p aym en ts, call 
924-6671 
•73 C H E V Y ll N O V A 6 , S T A N ­ 
D A R D 
H A T C H B A C K 
L O W 
M I L E S 
B E A U T I F U L 
G A S 
S A V E R ! 517oo 
W I L L T R A D E 
F O R A N Y T H IN G . 828-6959 
1974 C h e v y Im p a l a C u s t o m . 
Loa d ed ! 826 9565, 695-8o56 

'73 M a lib u . A ll p o w e r, a ir, like new . M u s t se ll! $1995. O w n e r. 
657-1529 after 4 p.m. 

'76 M O N T E C A R L O , fully loaded, no equity, take up p aym en ts. Tom 
Ford, 349-6948 

734 CHEVROLET 

‘74 V e ga W a go n A ir, std., lu gg a ge ra c k , ra d io . L ik e new . 543,ooo m iles, $16oo. 922-1o11; 673-6895. 
'71 M O N T E C A R L O , outo, a ir, p ow er, go o d c a r $1o95 9o°o fin ­ a n c in g a vaila ble 224-441o 

1969 M A L I B U , a u t o m a t ic , a ir con d , p o w e r s t e e r in g , r a d ia ls , su p e r clean $1o5o. 735-o535 
'76 M a lib u C la ssic . P o w e r ste e r­ ing, b ra k e s. A ir, A M - F M . G o in g o ve rse a s. M u st sell. 922-8966. 

‘71 M o n te C o rlo . F u lly lo a d e d , good cond. $15oo cash. 341 8347. 
‘75 M o n z a T o w n cou p e 
262 VS, vin yl top, 4 spd, rad ials, 2o,ooo mi. 
$275o. 333-6o78 aft 6pm 

•74 C h e v y Im p a la 4 dr. L oa d e d . 
Sa crific e $185o. 533-337o. 

1975 M a l ib u C l a s s i c 4 - d o o r . 
826-9565, 695-8o56 

‘75 M o n z a Tow n C oupe V 8, p ow er 
Steering, 4 spd, 5275o. 484-6311. 
M u st sell, '74 M onte C arlo, loaded. 
C all 824-3837 

735 - CHRYSLER 

BOERNE MOTORS INC 
C H R Y S L E R S 
P L Y M O U T H S 
D O D G E and G M C P IC K U P S 
823 No. M a in B o e rn e 249-3566 
D I R E C T L IN E : 224-5515 

'49 C h e v y Im p a la . 4-dr., p o w e r b rokes, air. 545o 828-6667 

73 C H E V Y Im p a la g re a t c o n d i­ tion 
$1395. trade, 
342-2o93, 
344 o845 

................. *2195 

BACK LOT” SPECIALS 

‘74 C H E V Y Im p a la , 4-d oor, all p ow er, fa c to ry a ir, e x tra c le a n 
$1995. 
9o°ofinancing available. 
224-441o 

ASK ABOUT OUR 

CHECK US I ST OR WE BOTH LOSE 

76 CHEVY MALIBU 
A utom atic, a ir .....................$4389 
H E M P H I L L M C C O M B S 
F O R D S O U T H S ID E 
19o1 SW M ilita ry 922-6317 

'6 8 C a d ill a c 
F le e t w o o d , lo w m ileage $1195. 822-9568 

66 C a d illa c 4 D o o r 
U n lic e n se d , ru n s good 
$4oo or best offer 
534 2oo9 

74 C A D I L L A C E l D o r a d o C o n vertibte D y n a st y R e d W hite top ond white interior. V e ry tow mi, 
M int condition 58995. 344-7122. 
'7 2 C a d illa c F le e t w o o d 4 -d o o r hardtop 519oo-661-26o9 

74 Cadil!ac Fftwd Sen 
B rghm , low mi, w a rra n t y 828-o197 

C A D I L L A C L I M O U S I N E . V e r y good condition. 5255o 653-98oo 
C ad illac-O lds. Sp ecia l Sale! 
'75 C adillac Se d a n D eville, beige, low m iles, loaded, only $6488 A ‘74 
E ld o r a d o , sh a r p , th is so le o nly 
$4488 '73 C ad illac Se d a n Deville, 
53,ooo m ile s , f u ll p o w e r , a ir , cruise, tape deck, p re m iu m tires, 
53288. ‘71 S e d a n D e v ille , c re a m puff, 52888. ‘75 O ld s T o ro n a d o , white on white, red a ccen t stripe, lo w m ile s, lik e n ew . $4988. ‘74 
Olds, 98 L u x u r y Coupe, e v e ry e x­ tra, a steal af $3988 M a n y others to choose from . M o st c a r r y I ye ar o r 12,ooo m ile s w arran tee . Titles ! gu arante ed , fin a n ce no problem , 
D J D u n la p M o to r s, 917 B ro a d way, 227-2873. 

74 C a p r ic e C la s s ic 
E x c e lle n t cond $329o 684-o663 o r 684-2854 
75 C A P R IC E 4-door hardtop. All 
E X T R A S ! 
B y 
O w n e r . 
C o ll: 
69o-8378 atter 6 : p.m. 
‘71 C a p ric e good condition, new fires, black 4 dr, pow er, o ir, $9oo o r best otter. 492-2o46 

 m v ic E , W H A r 
IT S ALL ABOUT 
[QUALITY USED CARS 
LEASING 

75o N.E. LOOP 41o AT BRO ADW AY 

8 2 4 - o 4 1 1 

7 5 CHEVY MONZA 
2 + 2 , autom atic, a ir 
........... *3489 
H E M P H I L L M C C O M B S 
F O R D S O U T H S ID E 
19o1 SW M ilita ry 922-6317 

I C h e v y, ‘69 w agon, 327 eng, good g a s m ileage, $45o 826 o574 
'73 C H E V Y W a g o n $155o. L o w m ites L u g g a g e ro ck 435 1641 
‘7o Im p a la , a ir, p ow er ste e rin g, ra d ia ls, go o d ru n n in g condition, 
$695. 69o-9o66. 

1974 M A L IB U C L A S S IC Blue with w h ite v in y l top. L o a d e d ! 981o 
E v e n in g W ay, 655-3156 

N E E D A C A R ? N E W Or U S E D . 
W ill F I N A N C E w ith v e r y little c r e d it ! 
M a r r i e d , 
S in g l e , 
D i v o r c e d . C a ll. 
B o b P u e n t e 
222-8611 or 222-1685 

‘7$ M a lib u C la ssic . L o a d e d 
L ow m ile age $2995. 684-4722, 341 32S3. 
1975 M A L I B U C L A S S I C . L ik e n e w . 
M u s t se ll. 
T a k e o v e r p aym en ts. 225-65o1, m u st a sk for 
D o n Holtz 

I ‘76 N o v a D e lu xe A ir, pow er, low mi. 538oo. After 6 : 1-742-36o! 

1972 M a lib u 2-door h ard to p Like new ! 826-9565, 695-8o56 
'7 3 M A L I B U 2 -d o o r a u t o a ir , p o w e r ste e rin g, no m o n e y dow n toke up paym en ts, R a n d y 681-3692 

67 N o v a H ardtop, V 8. a ir N ee d s r in g s a nd point. $4oo 658 4859. 

76 C h r y s l e r C o r d o v a 
F u l ly equipped, 14,ooo mi. P erfe ct c o n ­ dition. 5565o. 684-6161 eves. 

•75 C h r y s l e r C o r d o b a , lo a d e d , sh o w ro om condition, ow n er m ust sell. B est offer. 494-1572. 
‘72 661-26o9 C h ry sle r 4-door hard- top. Clean! $1375-661-26o9 
‘71 C h r y s le r N e w p o r t C u sto m . 
$5oo. Coll: 534-8927 a nytim e 

'76 N o v a std, 6 cyl, a ir, pow er, 
9,ooo mi. $36oo. 924-97o1 

1973 M A L I B U 2 -d o o r 
T o k e up p a y m e n ts. C a ll: 225-65o1, m u st a sk for D o n Holtz 
‘73 M O N T E C A R L O , all p o w e r f a c t o r y a ir, tilt w h e e l, s w iv e l seats, clean $2195. a9o°ofinancing ovoilble. 224 441o 

O F F E R I N G ‘73 C A P R I C E C L A S ­ 
S IC . L U X U R Y F A M I L Y C A R 
M A G N I F I C E N T C O N D I T I O N 
S A C R I F I C E ! O W N E R E Q U I T Y 
F R E E N E T P A Y O F F $ 1 76 7 
C A S H . I N C L U D E S E V E R Y E X - 
T R A. 828-6959_______________________ 

64 9 p a sse n g e r C h e vy B el A ir. ‘7o 
36o Y a m a h a , 494-3957. ____________| 
T a ke o v e r paym en ts, no equity '73 
N O V A 
Coll: 
824 76o6 after 
7: 
494-5734 

‘72 C h r y s le r N e w p o r t C u s t o m 
Fu lly loaded. 5125o. 333-5o15 
C H R Y S L E R P L Y M O U T H C IT Y 
7ooo N W L O O P 41o at C uleb ra 
684-661o 

‘75 C O R D O B A , lo a d e d 
N e w b rakes, battery, tires. Sh ow roo m condition $47oo. 688-3175 eves. 

J A C K R E I G E R 
C H R Y S L E R - P L Y M O U T H 
581o S A N P E D R O 
732 8211 
‘66 N e w Y o r k e r , g o o d r u n n in g condition, air, radio, 2 new tires 
$5oo. negotiable. 342-2171. 

736 

'7o D o d ge station w agon, a ir cond p o w e r st e e rin g a n d b ra k e s. A u ­ tomatic. Low m ileage. G ood c o n ­ dition. 674-o458 

G A S S A V E R ! ‘73 D A R T 
H ardtop, 42,ooo mi. 822-9222 
'it P o la r a , lo a d e d , r u n s go o d, good 2nd car, $45o 655-94o8 aft 5 
R A R E 68 D O D G E S U P E R B E E . 
W ith e xtra s. $14oo Call: 337-8148 
'69 S U P E R B E E 
F u lly loaded, factory m ags, in te r­ ior im m ac u late $995 337-58o2 

737-FARO 

BANK REPOSSESSIONS 
A V A I L A B L E 
T a ke up p a y m e n ts with qualifie credit A p p lic a tio n s accepted b phone N o a pp lica tio n refused 
M R : E A R L 
227-141 

BIG COUNTRY FORD 
Sa n A n to n io 
C all: 227-o86o 
B IG G E S T S T O C K IN T O W N 
O F N E W F O R D 
C A R S A N D T R U C K S . C a ll m e today B O B L E W IS , 341 5571 

1968 C helb y C ob ra GT5oo, origii al, e xce llen t condition, new 42' 
$38oo firm , 915-673-243o. 

‘74 M o n t e C a rlo . S ilv e r , b la c k 
L a n d a u roof. Auto., p ow e r ste e r­ ing, air. A M - F M , c ru ise control. 
$34oo 653-13o8 
M o n te C a rlo '75. L o a d e d ! $3895, w ill help fin ance 226-o639 

1971 M o n t e C a r lo , p o w e r , a ir , 
A M - F M 8 track. Sligh t body w o rk needed 661-5165 

'76 Im p a la C u sto m landau, stereo, tilt, cruise, air, pow er 6o 4o seat, d o o r lo c k s, w in d o w s, b e a u tifu l w hite w ith b u rg u n d y top a n d in- terior, ow ner, $4,55o. 226-37o5. 

‘72 Im p a la C ustom , air, v in y l roof, ra d ia ls, w ile ’s car, e x tra clean, m u st sell! $1495. 696-7987. 

•74 C A P R I C E S ta tio n w a g o n , 9 p a sse n g e r, loaded $2995. 924-6416 

‘64 
I M P A L A 
4 
824-4214; 342-8922. d o o r , 
$35o. 

1974 M o nte C orlo. F u lly equipped. 
826-9565, 695-8o56 

‘76 M onte C arlo, loaded, sa c rific e 
$4995 922-41o9 or 224-4416. 

1976 C he ve lle 4-door. P E R F E C T 
C O N D I T I O N ! 
C a lf : 
S t e v e 
Bro o m all, 222-8611 

1973 
C H E V E L L E 
M A L I B U . 
L o a d e d ! S h o w r o o m c o n d it io n . 
C all: 225-65o1, m u st a sk fo r D o n 
Holtz 

734 CHEVROLET 
734 CHEVROLET 

‘74 IM P A L A , 4-door, loaded, am - tm Stereo. $2295. 655-6544o 
'73 I M P A L A 4 d oor h a rd to p VB, 
Oir, $1495. 656-o268 
,65 C h e v r o le t Im p a la , 4 d r. a u- 
C H E V E L L E S T A T I O N W A G O N tom a tic, 327 e n g in e g a s s a v e r, 
•72. T a k e up p a y m e n ts 225-65o1, I $395 675-2389. m u st a sk for D o n Holtz 
73 C h e v r o le t 

'7 2 I m p a l a 4 d r, a ir , p o w e r , r a d i a l s , tilt w h e e l, v in y l top, clean, $135o. A tter 5, 656-3869 

•74 Chevelle, 3 seat W ago n. A ir, all j ‘75 C h e v e lle W a g o n 
B u c k e t s , i $2,195 333-3362 pow er, $3495. 661-5216 console, till wheel, cru ise , p o w e r , ------------------------- o u f o < 
S 3 4 . 2 5 3 S 8 2 8 .o 2 6 4 
‘65 C hevelle 
327, 4-speed, 2-door h ard to p $875. 627-2239 
CALL 2 2 5 -1 6 6 6 

 i ‘7o C h e v ro le t M a lib u . 2 dr 
$115o. or best Otter. 433-8682 r m 
R r w e N i w r 

‘76 Im p a la 4 dr, a m -fm 8 track, oir, s m a ll e q u ity a n d ta k e o v e r p aym en ts. 923-44o9 

7 4 Monte Carlo Landau 
A utom atic, a ir ................... 53589 
H E M P H I L L M C C O M B S 
F O R D S O U T H S ID E 
19o1 SW M ilita ry 922-6317 

T ra n sp o rta tio n Sp ecia l: ‘71 V e ga 
$5oo. A tter 6 pm , 341-5878. 
‘72 V E G A , a u t o m a t ic , $ 1 2 o o 
226-o291, 226-o292 

■72 To w n o nd C o u n try W agon. 9 
Pass., oir, pow er $12oo. 656-3931 

‘72 T o w n a n d C o u n t r y 9 p a s ­ senger, beautiful cond, 
$1699, 
658-4o86. 

•72 V e g a - G T , a ir , r a d io , m a g w heels. B est otter. 674-o584. 
736 DODGE 

•72 V E G A G T 
4 speed. 658-8884 
'75 V e g a G T Sp ort W a go n. 4 spd, am -fm , air, lu g g a g e ra c k , e x c e l­ lent condition; red, white interior. 
$27oo. 349-1o79 after 6pm 

‘73 V E G A , G T, Sta W a g air, std , 
27,ooomiles, $15oo 732-3592. 
‘76 V e g a G T W agon, 5 speed, air, a ssu m e p aym ents. 656-1o59. 

M O N T E C A R L O 75, loaded, take up p aym ents. C all H e rb 225-79o9 

'7 3 M o n t e C a r l o L a n d a u . A ir , p o w e r , A M F M s t e r e o . D a r k brow n, beige vin yl top. E xce lle n t condition. $245o. 653-2356 

'74 V e g a H a tc h b a c k . A ir, auto, rad ial tires, m a g s $125o. 924-1678. 
'75 V e g a H atch back. Auto., p ow er steering, air. $195o 533-337o. 

•73 M O N T E C A R L O . Lan d au , all equipm ent. L ik e new, c re m e putt con d itio n G e n u in e low m ile a g e 
$3o95 342 4773 eves. w eekends. 

‘73 Im p a la . G o o d condition. B e st 
■otter. 342 6642 o r 496-4251. 

‘72 V E G A H a t c n b a c k , c o u p e . 
C lean 5575 822-oo88 

•72 V e g a H a tch b a c k Std., radio, heater G oo d tran sp o rta tion $6oo 
924-8o95. 

IS 2 2 5 -1 6 6 6 
I X PP (SS AN O N IW 5 

74 VEGA HATCHBACK 
G T, autom atic, a ir 
.............$1595 I 
J A M IS O N M t rs Seguin, 223-52o1 
V e g a W a g o n , '74 a ir, e x c e lle n t con d. 1 ow ner. $185o 484-92o4 

'75 Coronet B ro u g h a m 4 dr, vin yl top, am -fm q uad with tape deck, air, pow er, 318 V8, low m ileage, e xtra clean. 455-4473 

■73 Dart, foe. air, auto, V-6, 48.ooo mi, $235o. 653-8392 
‘74 D a rt Sw in ger. 6 cyl., good g a s 
E x c e lle n t cond. L o a d e d 
R e ta il 
$275o; will toke 52495 494-6333 
D o d ge C h a lle n ge r 1973. W hite in ­ side and out. A u tom atic, a ir c o n ­ ditioning. A ll pow er. M a g s , A M ­ 
F M . N ew tires. $29oo. M o rn in g s : 
342-1oo5 o r 69o-1893 
‘69 D o d ge C h a r g e r R T 44o m a g ­ num V8, 4 spd, excellent ru n n in g cond $1o25. 435-4122. 
76 D o d ge C oron et W a go n, 36o V-8, air, radio, pow er, c ru ise control a nd m ore, $3495. 734-51o1, S A M to 
6P M . 

‘74 D o d ge D a rt 318, pow er, am-»m 
8 track. 653-4721. 

7 3 D od ge P o ia ra , auto, air, nice, by owner, $1695 625-o523. 

1968 D odge, pow er, oir, I- owner. 
826-9565, 695-8o56 
.... ........... 

C o n v e rtib le 71 T o rin o G T. M in t condition. 
$21oo. 
B v owner. 
349-3461 

. , 
CONVERTIBLE 
67 F a i r l a n e V S. A u to ., tir e p ow er fop. 
$2ooo. 
432-3o4 
494 1922. 

'75 E lite . Im m a c u la t e ! . E x t: loaded 735-3372; 733-7461 after . 

74 ELITE 
Load ed ! A utom atic, a ir 
5 
H E M P H I L L M C C O M B S 
F O R D S O U T H S ID E 
19o1 SW M ilita ry 922-6317 

‘76 Elite, 1o,ooo mi., Im m acu l 
18 m p g, c r u is e . M u s t se ll week $44oo. 656 196S 734-o311 
1976 E L I T E 
P o w e r 
B ea utifu l b lu e on blue c ha rd M o re n o , 222-8611 

■61 F A L C O N 
5125 C a sh 684-4735 
'68 F o rd C ustom , econom ic cu.in., 6 cyl. eng. Stand, new 
$55o. 494-5934 

'74 F o rd Elite, auto, air, am f p o w e r w in d o w s , p o w e r se a l cru ise control, tilt wheel, facto m a g s, v in y l roof, 3o,ooo m ilt 
$3995. 927-6582. 
I H I A C T I O N N U M B f6 l o p I AS T RIS CH TS 
P l A C f T O U R W A N T A D 
IN THI I X P R t SS N I W 5 
C A I I 2 2 5 1 6 6 6 

 jC T 7 4 3 jT O D B lL R _ 
73o743-AHTOMOB11ES 
73o^743 AUTOMOBILES 
73Q-743-WfTOMOB[lES 
736^743 AOTflMBBHES 
73o^743 AUTOMOBILES 

San Antonio EXPRESS NEWS— Sunday May 15 1977 

• N IM P H IU S M CC O M IS FORD t i IN 1 1 7 7 • H tM P H !tL -M < C O M IS P O I O 9 I IN 1 1 7 7 
• H S M I N t U * M C C O M IS P O N D 9 I IN 1 9 7 7 • H C J ftP IN U - M c C O M IS P O N D 9 I IN 1 9 7 7 • 

■ r i tv 
W. ■£& 
'■wrnm 

 l f 
* 

I 

• v " r n 

' i m 
' 

■■■ 
■ s* 

 jS K r I 

“*1w-* 
*'■ *•’ 
' '*■ <■ » ‘-o* I 

MW 
JkB F i i 

V 

DOWN 
CASH or 
TRADE! 
DELIVERS ANY ADVERTISED 
NEW CAR OR TRUCK WITH APPROVED CREDIT.. 

 e x A M PLE 

 la i m 
* 
® * B * ; 

’77 GRANADA 

2-door, dork red, 4-speed overdrive 

 transmission, front disc brakes, 

Duraspark ignition system, white 

 wall radial tires, wheel covers, 

 bright moulding, opera windows, 

 carpet, woodtone instrument panel 

 applique, 19 gallon fuel tank, 2o o 

V -6 engine .. — 6398. 

*35o3 
$94 

PTP per month for fliontHs 
Total resh f>rir »■ 
$3891 
APO 
13 51 Tola* deferred payment owe* 
$4o41 76 

EXAM PLE 

’77 
THUNDERBIRD 

2 -door hardtop, cream color, cruise- o-matic transmiss.on, dura-spark ig­ nition, power front disc brakes, power steering, steel belted radial tires, opera windows, electric clock, dual note horn, 2 piece vinyl top, 
3o2 V-8, leather seat trim, deluxe bumper group, air conditioned, AM- 
FM stereo radio, automatic seat back release, exterior and interior decor package, tinted glass. 
*6496 
$175 

9 3 p e r m o n th 
I n r 
4 8 m o n th s 
T o t a l co sh p r ic e 
$ 6 8 8 4 
A P P 
1 3 5 1 
T o t a l d e f e r r e d p a y m e n t p r ic e $ 8 8 3 ? 6 4 

EXAM PLE 

’77 MAVERICK 

4-door sedan. Polar white, 3-speed 

 transmission, front disc brakes, 

 dura-spark ignition system, cut pile 

 carpeting, bright drip rails, bright 

 wheel lip moldings, 
2oo 
V-6 

 engine, vinyl seat trim, whitewall 

 tires, ~ 6361 

$ 

$ 3o29 
81 

.84 per m onth for 48 months. 
APB 
13.51. 
Total cash price of 
$ 3 4 1 7 . Total deferred price of $ 4 3 1 6 .3 3 

EXAM PLE 

S F W X \ 

’77 FORD LTD 

2 door pillared hard top, dark red, automatic trans., power steering power brakes, duro spark ignition, radial tires, vinyl body side molding, front bumper guard, drip molding, rocker panel molding, deluxe steel wheel, sound insulation system, 3o2 
Va, dual accent paint stripe, split bench seats, air conditioning, tinted glass, light group, full wheel covers, power ventilation system, split bench seat with recliner, all vinyl seat trim, sr 662 I 
$ 

$ 52o9 
141 

.o 7 p « r m o n th fo r 
4 8 months. 
Total cash price $ 35 97 . 
APR 
13.51. 
Total deferred paym ent price of $ 7 1 5 9 .3 6 
HEMPHILL-McCOMBS 

EXAM PLE 

’7 7 FORD 
F-1 OO CUSTOM 
PICK UP 

CHROME bumper, full foam seat, fold down back seat, dome light, head liner, two tone deluxe paint, 
3o2 V8, custom decor group, all gauges, power steering, AM radio, tinted glass, extra coolant radiator, rear step bumper, I7 8 x I 5 tires, 
* 65 45 

$ 

$ 

4 
3 
9 
9 

1 1 9 

.13 pct month for 
4 8 months. 
Totol cath price of 
$ 4 7 8 7 . APB 13.31. 
Totol deterred paym ent price of 
$ 6 1 o 6 .4 4 

EXAM PLE 

’7 7 LTD “ IIS ” 

Two door hard top, dark red, 

 automatic trans., power steering 

 power brakes, dura spark ignition, 

 radial tires, direct ventilation 

 system, 3o2 V8, dual accent paint 

 stripe, all vinyl seat trim, air con­ 

 dition, tinted glass, wire wheel 

 covers, vinyl insert body side 

 molding, sr 672o 

$ 

$ 
466o 

1 2 6 

.2 o p«r m onth for 
48 m onth*. 
APB 
13.S1 to to l cosh price of 
$ 5 o 4 8 . 
Totol deferred! price of $ 6 4 4 4 .6 o 
TIMES CENTER 
EXCLUSIVE DISTRIBUTOR FOR FORD, CHEVROLET, DODGE GOOD TIMES VANS AND TEC FAMILY VANS 
COOS TIMES VAN 
! 

The p e rfe c t v a n fo r th e yo u n g a t 

 h e a rt on th e ro a d o r o ff th e ro a d . 

Turn on y o u r fa v o tite 

 music in s te re o w h ile sip­ 

 p ing a cold on e in y o u r 

 m o b ile a p a rtm e n t. C om e 

 in a n d see th e selection o f 

1 7 d iffe re n t m odels a n d 

 flo o r pions. 

Van Equipped With: Automatic trans­ m is s io n , V -8 , p o w e r s te e rin g , brakes, passenger a n d driver seat, mag wheels, w ide ovals, side pipes. 

TEC FAMILY VAN 
N o w you can go an y tim e a n d anyplace w h en you ow n a TEC FAMILY V A N Ex- 

ST ARTER 
VA N <S988 

£o*1 

 p lo re scen ic b y -w a y s , v is it fam ous landm arks, sleep over n ig h t a t a ro a d s i d e p a r k o r beach, etc. Com e 
'n an d let us show io u w h at living is 
. really like. 

 instant Finantil 

* 4 o 

MAIN STORE 
1o25 SAN PEDRO 

To OO Mont 

J 1o1o SAN PEDRO 
222-8611— 222-8868 
Across from Hemphill McCombs Ford 
VAN HEADQUARTERS 
OFF ON EACH USED CAR LISTED BELOW 
12 MONTH/12,ooo MILE 

’ 7 o 
DUSTER 

WEST 
SIDE 
47o7 
«. COMMERCE 
WARRANTY AVAILABLE s.L H.A.! i? 

 w 
6 cyI., lo t! air. i 
6 

 exceptionally clean 
* 

 i standard trans. 
3692 

ESPANOL! 
ESPANOL 

NORTH 
STAR 
732o 
SAN PEDRO 

NORTHWEST 
LOOP 4IO A! BANDERA 

* 7 6 GRANADA 4 dr., sedan, 3o2 
9 ^9 V8, automatic, of power steering, power brakes, ^ * air conditioning, very clean.. . . 

’ 7 6 CAMARO IT Model, white with 
9 ^9 red velour 
£ interior, loaded and low 
5 4 6 1 
SOUTHSIDE 
19o1 S.W. MILITARY DR. 
’ 7 6 pontiac 
Miitds em rtlir m 
Grand 
Prix 
V8, automatic, air d* conditioned, all power, 9 
27,ooo miles, Immaculate......... 5 9 9 9 

4 4 9 5 
’ 7 6 impala lo ad ed , p o w e r, air, 
" *9 automatic 
C A 9 \ 9% #■ transmission, AM fM ir C# 

’ 7 5 pinto SQUIRE station wagon, 

. '9 
. 
* 9 a u to m a tic , 
Ct 
J 
# ■ 
V6, AMEN deluxe 
^ * C q 4 | S 

 lu q q n m rack 
................................. 3845 
*i 

I ’ ’ 7 5 LEMANS 
9 *9 seats, automatic, power steering, power $ o% / $ A fj* 
I brakes, vinyl top, rallye 
T V f t p J wheel*................................. *9 " mo* 

’ 7 
5 
F o R D Ranchero, t ton, auto 
J^imotic, oir V 1 ’'--%C A A E" / I conditioned, powei steering, 
J rn J power brakes.>;•£’ 

’ 7 5 CHEVY NOVA 

® c t n n d n r d ir / if t c . 
4o1 
■ 
.; standard .tram- 
< mission, 6 icy I., very econ­ omical transportation 
::-v.. 

A 2 dr., sedan, l9 4 t 

7 1 OLDS CUTLASS SUPREME 2 dr., 
9 
* hardtop, automatic, power steering; 

’ 7 5 FORD Elite, black on black on 
9 black, split bench ( l l 
4 \ 

 seat, AM-FM 
4 4 9 o stereo............................................. 
9 H F 

* 7 5 ford F-25o automatic, air, power steering and 
9 JO ^ if M brakes, camper. Must 
I sell quick............................... 
■ " 
I 

I Wf 
{ 
I VII, ■ MVI V' i 
*445o 

7 6 CHEVELLE Malibu 
Classic, 
4 
^9 door, automatic, 6 rn aa f * air conditioned, vinyl 
* £E I f C roof AM radio 
T# 

7 6 ford 
Gran 
Torino 
4 door, 
9 \9 automatic and 
4* m g* mt air, radio, power steering 
9 BK and power brakes....................... ll Am a # 

7 
6 
DoDGE a|| power, 

M 9\ PO KD Explorer Pickup, standiird, 6 
9 W cylinder with 
& rn am g * ■ tamper 
.hell, 
> A K H / like new.. 

Supercob, 
4 speed, oir, 
I *5988 

7 6 F o R D 
Ranger 
XLT, special 
Texas 
9 
Ranger package, 
*5877 

7 rk '/CUTLASS S«*CH», % dour V8 nota 
" ^ power steely, power bloke*, ak 
* rape dock, viny I top, styled 
4 f * Q Q Q wbe#k, silver with red ioof, 
■ -.-*5 $ 7 5 
13 OOO miles 
J 
J 

J7 A 
MONTEGO 
MX 
2 door, 
V-8, 
* *9 outo, power steering, power brakes, 
» » air, vinyl top, 
AM-FM, 
P * 1! silver with red roof, 8,ooo 
W W J 

’76 ELITE 
9 cloartiiftf I 
? ' donr, now power 

Ranger package, 
V-8 automatic, air, power, low miles ............................. 

 a 
• steeruig, powet u 
C brakes factory -? en • 
AM/M ; / / * vinyl top 13,ooo mites ’T 
:: ‘ 

’LIFORD 
9 
W 
(iittmil icitii r U K U 
ORAN 
TORINO, 
I door, 
V 8 

 automatic, on 
C J / 
/ 
/ 
4 6 6 6 

4898 

Bus, auto, 

 rn. -Mm- on v#i 
4-door Brougham, autom atic, 

 oir very 

 m ileage 
. ^ . . . . . 
. . 

 power brakes, factory air, £ cruise control, only 
33,ooo * miles........................................... 
2 7 1 5 
: |6 ® oRD r u K U f-lO O pickup 
Ranger, red- 
$ I a 7 c coast m irrors, oversiii* 

 tires, rear step bumper • 
. 

* 7 2 MAVERICK 4-door, m w 
. , 
- — $1 7 8 9 standard, radio, tinted glass, white wall tires, real clean.................................. 

 and power, bucket".* seats • o#« console only 14,ooo miles /•, / 

LTD, 
4-dr., air, power power brakes, 

’7o LINCOlN 
.••/ automotir. oir/ ^! f’ and power, AM-FAfy looks and 
, runs good. 
„v I .. JS 

3155 

(vnHnentol. 
” V 8. 
M244 

’ 7 5 VOLKSWAGEN 

 rn ftW 
K in nip im if 
$3 9 9 5 big air unit, 
12 passenger like new.............. 

7 
5 l T D Brougham 2 door, VB, auto 

/ . ' 
• ^ motic trans 
$ 
o 
7 
o 
o mission power 
* steering rn 

 brakes, vinyl roof. ....................... 

’ 7 5 » ? . 

 steering, power brakes, a ir..................... 

 pickup custom F-15o, V8, auto, power 
$ 
4 5 9 8 

* 1o25 SAN PEDRO AVE. ★ 47o7 W. COMMERCE dr 732o SAN PEDRO AVE. 
222-8611 
433-1464 
349-6591 

* LOOP 41o AT BANDERA 
* 1oo1 S.W. MILITARY DR. 
681-1431 
922-6317 

• MiMPMILL-McCOMBS FOBD # I IN 1 9 7 7 • HEM BHIlL-M cCOM M S FORD # 1 IN 1 9 7 7 
• H IM R M ILi-M cC O M B S FORD # 1 IN 1 9 7 7 • H IM F H IU -M cC O M B S FORD * 1 IN 1 9 7 7 • 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday May 15 1977 

73o 743 AUTOMOBILES 
73o-743 - MIToMC8ILES 
738 743 M IM M S m w mmma m m m m m 
738-741MTMWIIIES 
73o-743 WToHo8ILR 
73o-743 • AUToMo8IIE3 
73o743 AUTOIMBItES 
73C-T43^BTBMoWlfS 
JORDAN FORD IS NUMBER I 

 n u n m r o m c a m s A im m u c u s s a ir s 

FORD MOTOR CO 
RECOGNIZES 
JORDAN FORD 
AS THE 
LEADER 
IN NEW CAR 
& TRUCKSALES 

THANK rOU 
SANANTONIO' 

Bill J o rd a n , Jr. and the J or­ dan Ford Sales S ta ff display t h e T r o p h i e s a w a r d e d by 
F o r d M o t o r Co. f o r t h e i r 
N u m b e r One Sales Position in Ford Sales for April, 1977. 
T h i s N u m b e r O n e s a l e s standing is the result of cus­ to m e r confidence based on 
Jordan Ford's reliability and integrity in customer service. 
The Jordan Ford Sales Staff p ro m ises a continued effort to m a i n t a i n our c u s to m e r c o n f i d e n c e a n d r e m a i n 
“N u m b e r O n e” to you, our customers. 
HUMBER ONE SAVINGS FROM YOUR NUMBER ONE DEALER 

'IT G R A N A D A 

2-door, 25o, 6 cylinder, automatic, radio, power steering, air conditioned, tined glass. 

'7 7 PIN TO 
2-3 Litre, 4-cylinder, 4-speed, radio, tinted glass, white side wall tires, wheel covers, rocker panel molding, wheel mouldings, bright yellow, stock no. 
2498 
*3595 

’n F-ioo 

L W B 3 oo CID, 6-cylinder, Explorer package, lite blue, stock no. 1434 
*4195 

Easy terms—Up lo 
48 Msnths to Pay 

DO W N TO W N 

So. St. M a ry 's at D uran go 
227-1311 

NORTHSIDE 
Loop 41o at Perrin-Beitel 
657-333o 

SO UTHSIDE 

4 1 4 S.W . 
M ilitary Dr. 
923-4566 

'N 

OUR LIMITED OFFER SALE ENDS SOON. SPEC­ 
TACULAR DISCOUNTS, LIKE THE ‘1,ooo OFF 
SILVERADO PICKUPS, MUST END AS OUR 
SUPPLY OF THESE SPECIAL VEHICLES IS RUN­ 
NING LOW. NO MATTER WHAT TYPE OF CAR 
OR TRUCK YOU NEED, 
COME OUT TODAY. SALE 
ENDS SOON. 

MALIBU1 
Station 

W j r y agon 

SACRIFICE 
77 LTD ll “S” 
WAGON 
Automatic, air, tinted glow, awer sco rin g, power oil ti brakes, white side wall tires, metallic glow paint, 351 V8. 
> 7 5 9 7 . 
LPA RATING HWY. - 1 9 ' 

* 5 2 8 5 * 

 a 
» M w in t ic a i r c o n d i t i o n e d , t in - 
A u t o m a t i c , t m s t e e r i n g , 

 brakes white sidewall power hrak« 
.fror tire., remote con 

Automatic, air conditioned, tinted wind­ 

 shield, power steering, 

 power brakes, 

 white sidewall 

 tires. 

1 9 7 7 LTD 
4 DOOR 

#7197, #7214, #7299. 

‘5197* 
EPA RATING 
HWY -19 
Heavy suspension, 

#7284, 

#7282. 

★ AIR CONDITIONED WITH TINTED GLASS ★ 
3o5 V8 ENGINE WITH HYDRAMATIC TRANS­ 
M ISSION ★ POWER STEERING ★ POWER DISC 
FRONT BRAKES ★ WINDSHIELD ANTENNA 
★ VINYL SEATS 
★ CARPETING 
★ LIST $5,654 

 the little 

 cheeper 

 dealer 

W IN DSH IELD A N T E N N A 

* 4 . 8 9 5 

3 1 4 1 . 3 1 4 5 
MISSION 
CHEVROLET 
12ooS.E.Military Dr. 
924 
■2311 D“'ly 8 AM-9 PM 
Saturday 8 AM-6 PM 

NEW 1977 LTD 
STATION W AG O N 

1977 G RAN AD A 

X 
4 
X d o o r 

Automatic, air wheel covers, 
" n,ed. ®[ 
' power steering, power brokes, 

 white sidewall 

 control mirrors, 

#7199. 
EPA RATING 

1977 LTD COUNTRY 
SQUIRE W AG O N 

Automatic, air condi­ tioned, wheel covers, tin­ ted glass, power steering, white sidewall tires, 25o 6 cylinder, (I only), #7494. 

EPA RATING HWY- - 23. 
$4 7 9 9 * 

 ft# 
I # * 

ALL PRICES INCLUDE 
DEALER PREP AND FREIGHT 

737 FORD 
737 I 

FRESH NEW SHIPMENT 
OF THUNDERBIRDS 
(PLENTY TO C H O O SE FR O M ) 

6943 
7518 
7612 
7643 

6988 
7527 
7616 

7o77 
753o 
762o 

7223 
7586 
7624 

7349 
7587 
7625 
7359 
7588 
7632 

7386 
7589 
7634 

7442 
7611 
7642 

1977 THUNDERBIRD 

ASK ABOUT OUR 
EXTENDED WARRANTY 
ON NEW AND USED VEHICLES 
’ Excludes Tax, Title and License 
98oo SAN PEDRO 
341-5571 iii-FORD 

F O R D E L IT E 2-door '76 Brand ” 72 F O R D G A L A X I E 
5o9' new con dition. Lo w m iles. In- Clean. 
M ake reasonable ofter, s lru m e n ta tio n g ro u p . 
W ire 725-7111 w heels 
B u c k e t s e a ts w ith 7 3 Ford Galaxie *175o. Beautiful console. A M - F M stereo. Pow er condition. A ir 435 1641 windows, cruise control etc. Will ry; r'A r' a y ic «ribc----- sell for $98oo Blue book: $56oo 
= ytrnJ 
J !* 1 xJi 
Call: 225-65o1 m ust ask tor Don I i lISLSlf? . 
1 
HOltZ 

75 FOBO LTD 
4-door, Loaded! .............. $3689 
H E M P H IL L M C C O M B S 
F O R D S O U T H S ID E 
19o1 SW M ilitary 922 6317 

737 FORO 

'72 F O R O T O R IN O 
$1475, 922-3426 

737-FORD 
737-FORD 

1 976 F O R D E L I T E , L o a d e d ! 
826-9565/ 695-8o56 
‘69 F o rd F a irla n e W agon. N ew eng., $5oo Coll 1-438-7286. 

'73 F o rd G a lax y 5oo Good m e­ c h a n ic a l co n d . s lig h t bod y dam age $975 After 5: 656-5377 
•72 Ford G ran Torino V-8, auto air, power steering. $11oo-227 3914 
‘7$ Ford L T D C ountry Squire 9 pass. W agon Air, power, luggage rock, split bench. Pow er seats, 
A M - F M tape deck. 46o engine, 
_________________________ new tire s. T o w in g p k g . V e ry 
•6J F O R O G a la x ie 4-door good cle a n . 
1-569 4oo7, a fte r 
6: transportation, >195. 224-441o 
1-S69-4o14. Pleasanton. 

$1997 
‘73 F O R D L T D , loaded, excellent condition, term s available, call 
Rick 
Hood or 
Fred 
Baron, 
341-5571 

‘74 F o rd W agon. A ir, load ed, 
85,ooo Hiway mi. Perfect int., ex­ cellent mech, cond V e ry good tires. S28oo or best otter 435-8777. 

F o rd F a irla n e 1965. Auto, air, power steering. Nice! 349-4826 
“‘65 Ford Falcon Futu re. 4 d o 4 
Std, $395. 674-o458 

72 FOBO LTO S115o 
Runs perfect, looks good! 435-1641 

63 Ford Wagon. Good transgor- tation. L o o k s and ru n s good . 
Small V8, 16 mpg City. 3-spd. 
623-5281. 

‘74 Galaxie SOO. 37,ooo miles, 4 dr, v in y l top, p o w e r s te e rin g a n d brakes, air, $19oo. 923-217o 
'75 G ranada. 4 cg!., ve ry econ- omical. $32oo 344-7445 or 732-7344. 
'74 G R A N A D A , $8oo equity, a s ­ sume paym ents. Balance. $4o5o. only 11,ooo mi. 927-25o3 

I TY 9T ,<5T A 7r,^ > R i N o sta tio n 
W agon . A ir, a u to m a tic 1,ooo 
, miles. 
Call: 
Steve 
Gasner, i 222-o411 
-74 G R A N T O R IN O , excellent, 
S295o. Call 654-1967. 

74 FO RD LTD 
, Take over paym ents, no equity coll Credit M anager. 349-6948 

$388 
'7o G A L A X I E . a u to m a tic, a ir, term s available, call Rick Hood or 
Fred Baron, 341 5571 
CAU 225-1666 

73 Gran Torino Wagon. Luggage rack, air, power steering, power brakes A M - F M stereo, radials, excellent. $235o 222 3oo6, 494-7373 
72 Cran Torino Air. auto , clean 
Good cond. $994. 6o4-5358 otter 3 
IS 225 1666 tXPRISS AND NfW S 

'73 G ran T orino Sq u ire wagon, needs body work $85o 432-7189 
HAVE 13 REPOSSESSED 
AUTOMOBILES 
W IT H L IT T L E C R E D IT 
A N D S M A L L E Q U IT Y YO U 
C a n T a k e O v e r T h e s e C a r s 
Today!! 
Call: 
Joe 
Calderon 
222-8611 _________________________ 

737 FORD 

K IN S E L Ford-Mercury 
Pleasanton, 
S A. Phone 624-2/91 
73 LTO, clean, 4 dr, all power, cruis o-motic, air, J bbl. carbure­ tor, regular gas, I owner $1695. 
342-o367. 
'75 L T D 2 dr, fully equipped, ex- cellent cond. 342-74o8, 431-1611. 
71 L T D . P o w e r, air, excellent cond M ust sell! $1195. 532-7494. 
'7o M a v e ric k , air, radio, auto, steel radials, m ust sell now! M ake offer. 226-411 1 d a y s ; 681-2965 nights and weekends. 
M averick 2-door. 4, automatic. 
$245o Coll: 533-337o 

737-FORD 
737 FORD 

‘74 M averick. 2-dr., 6 cyl. Auto., air. $23oo. 349 4o73; 454-32o8. 
‘64 M ustang Fastback, 219, new tires, low mileage. 922-4134 
*7o M ave rick, 2 dr, 4 cvl„ outo, good condition. 434-5847 
'65 Mustang Fastback. Collector's ; 
Item! $1295. Coll: 494 6356 
'74 Maverick, power, air. A M -F M , 
Will trade, owner, $2,495. 349 22/4 
‘76 M u sta n g ll. 2 dr. hardtop 
Call: 133-6o41 or 333 oo44 
‘7! M A V E R IC K , 3o2 VS, factory air, $1395. 226-o291, 224-o292 
‘75 M u s ta n g ll G h ia 
Loaded. 
$27»5. Call: 824-42U; 342-8922. 
'66 M U ST A N G , air, new tiros, au­ to, new motor 658-88o4 
‘75 M ustang ll, 8*oo mi, auto, air, power, $27oo, 433-7283, 436-o973 
'72 M U S T A N G C O N V E R T IB L E . new top, tires, and m a g s ; IS I 
Cleveland, aula, power, air, $15oo. 
918 M elissa oti 77oo blk Blanco 
Rd 

77 M U S T A N G ll, 4,ooo ml. loaded 144-8527- 494-78/6 eves 
‘72 M u sta n g M a c h I. Auto, air. 
Excellent 923 252$, after 5:3o p m. 
........... C A t T T T Y - m r - fXPRfSS AND NfW S 

737 FORO 

'71 M ustang M ach I. 3o2 V8. std, air. p ow er. 24m pg. U ke n e w ' owner, now $2495 341-2933________ 
M U S T A N G , standard, '49. Good condition. 654-6791 
'47 M ustang 6 std. New tires, ii 
Point. $115o. After 6: 1-742-36o) 

73 M U S T A N G 
Take over paym ents, no equity coll Credit M anager, 349-948 
‘45 M U S T A N G VO, standard, ruif good $295. 224-441o 

Pl A C I Y O U R W A N I A D 
IN TM I I X PR 155 N E W S 
C A U 2 2 5 1 6 6 6 

E X P R E S S - : i 
E W S m u m s J I B S 
2 LINES $ 
NON COMMERCIAL! 
CANCELLABLE 
J m 
M k 9 m I 
W 
W 
W 

« a « 
S To i q u ic k rcsu lt si 

P a g e 2 3 -D 
S a n A ntonio E X P R E S S - N E W S — 
S u n d a y M a y 15 1 9 7 7 

73o 743 AUTOMflBM fS 
73o 743 AUTOMOBILES 
SmLSSSk 
73o 743 AUTOMOBILES 
73o 743 AUTOMOBILES 
73o 743 AUTOMOBILES 
73o-743 - AUTOMOBILES 
73o 743 AUTOMOBILES 
73o-743 AUTOMOBILES 
73o 743 AUTOMOBILES 

I im 
UBS 

J 
SALE DAYS 
&USED 
188 
NEW '77 
G R A N A D A 4- 
Door 

. 
- 
J 
C 
.S k 
........... 

NEW '77 
MUSTANG ll 

/n IV 
N 

CASH QR 

NEW '77 
PINTO 2-Door 

DOWN 
> 
| 
o 
o 
C A S H or 
I C J O 
TRAD E 

S t o c k N o 
3 1 6 6 air c o n d itio n e d , a u t o m a t 

 ic, t in t e d g l a s s , p o w e r s t e e r in g , w h i t e 

 w a lls, w h e e l c o v e r s 

C A S H P R I C E $48o7 
With $188 Down on approved credit Annual per centage Rate at l l 68 Deterred price $6o98.22 
State Ta* & license deluded 
48 MONTHS AT $123.14 

DOWN 
$ I D O 
C A S H or 
I OO 
TRADE 
Stock No 
32o3, 2.3 liter. 4 cylinder. 4 speed, standard transm ission, whitewalls 
I I package, pm stripes. Ghia wheel coy ors. etc 

DOWN 
S i O O 
C A S H or 
I OO 
TRADE 
Stock N o 
4358. 2 3 liter, 4 cylinder 
4 spe ed stan d ard transm ission, front disc brakes, vinyl bucket seats, w hite walls, carpeting mini console 
*3325 
CAIH PRICE 
With $188 Dow n on approved credit A nnual per centage rate 12 68 Deferred price $4842 OS State 
Ta* & licence excluded 
48 MONTHS AT $96.96 

3253 
CASH PRICE 
W ith $ 1 8 8 d ow n on approved credit A n n u al per­ centage rate 12 68 Deferred price $ 4 1 1 o o 8 Slate 
To* & license occluded 
48 MONTHS AT $81.71 

NEW '77 
PICKUP TRUCK 
NEW '77 
LTD 

TRADE 

7 7 D E M O 
LTD 2-Door 

T’J R 
M 
I M 
S 
B 

> I O C ! 
C A S H or 
I O O 
TRADE 

S to rk N o 
3 / 1 3 . 3 o o C ID 
6 cylinder. standard transm ission, am p and oil gauges extra cooling radiator heater behind seat storage 

DOWN 
DOWN 

*3879 
CASH PRICE 
With $ 1 88 d o w n on approved credit A n nu al pe* centage rate 12.68 Deferred price $49,11, State 
Tax a n d license excluded 
48 MONTHS AT $98.4o 

I 5 f O 
O 
C A SH or 

I 
I O O 
TRADE 
I Slock N o 3529, air conditioned, automat 
I ic power steeling, power front disc. htakes 
I 3 o2 V 8 whitewall steel helled tires, re 
• m ote mirror, tinted glass wheel covers 

I 
C A S H P R I C E *55o9 

I W ith $ 1 88 dow n on approved credit A n nu al pet 
| centage rate of 12 6 8 
Deferred price of $6 99 6 
• State Tad and beanie excluded 

DOWN 
$ 
1 
o 
o 
C A S H or 
I O O 
TRADE 
Stock No. 2 1 4 9 an conditioned automat it power steering, power front di»< brakes, 
351 V B halt vinyl root 
A M f M stereo radio vinyl trim rem ote m inor, tinted glass, wheel covers, etc. 

CAIH PRICE ‘5685 
With $ 1 8 8 d o w n on approved credit A nnual pet cenloge rate of 12 68 Deterred price of $ 7 2 2 ? 4o 
Stale tax a n d licence excluded 
*3oo TO *5oo OFF ON USED CARS & TRUCKS 

2311 B R O A D W A Y • 227-141S 
77 GALAXY 5oo. 4-door 
$ 998 y4 IMPALA. 2-door 
$2ooo 
74 AMG Matador, 2-door 
$1675 
73 AMC Ambassador Wagon 
$1375 
'73 BUICK, 4 door 
........................ 
$1998 
'71 TORINO, 4-door 
$ 875 
'7o VOLKSWAGEN 2 door 
$ 99o 
'7o MERCURY Station Wagon 
$ 998 
'76 PINTO Squire Runabout ............... $3395 
76 MAVERICK 2 door ..................... $3495 
76 TOYOTA 2 door 
$3295 
76 HONDA CVCC Hatchback 
$2895 
66 MUSTANG 
.............................. $1495 
68 COUGAR 
$1395 
7o COUGAR 
.............................. $1795 
69 VOLKSWAGEN, 2-doot 
$ 998 
68 MUSTANG 
$1395 
'71 MUSTANG 
$2295 
'72 DODGE DART Swinger, 2 door 
$2195 
72 PINTO, 2-door 
$1595 
'73 CAPRI, 2 door ........................... $1895 
'74 PINTO, 2-door 
......................... $1995 
'74 VALIANT, 4-door 
$2695 
'75 PINTO Runabout 
$2595 
'75 MUSTANG 2-door ...................... $3295 
'73 PINTO Station Wagon .................. $1995 
'76 VOLKSW AGEN Station Bus, 4,ooo miles........................................ $4695 

2311 B R O A D W A Y o 227-1415 
72 VOLKSWAGEN Station Bus 
.. 
$2295 
'75 PLYMOUTH Station Wagon ........... $3195 
'74 GRAN Torino, 8-pass wagon ......... $3695 
'74 GRAN Torino Wagon .................... $2895 
'72 CADILLAC Sedan Deville 
$2495 
76 CADILLAC Coupe Deville ............... $8795 
72 BUICK LeSabte, 2-door ................. $1795 
73 THUNDERBIRD, 2-door .................. $3795 
'75 THUNDERBIRD, 2-door .................. $5595 
73 GRAND Prix ............................... $3395 
74 GRAND Prix ............................... $3795 
74 LINCOLN Continental Town Cor 
$3995 
'73 LINCOLN Continental Town Car 
$3395 
'73 LINCOLN Mark IV ........................ $5395 
71 LINCOLN Mark IV ............... 
$2995 
74 LTD Landau, 4-door 
$4995 
76 OLDSMOBILE 98 Regency, 4-door 
$6395 
74 OLDSMOBILE Delta 88, 4-door 
$2995 
'74 LTD Brougham, 4-door 
$3295 
'74 BUICK Century Luxus, 2-door 
$3195 
75 LTD Landau, 2-door 
$3895 
73 LEMANS, 2-door ........................ 
$1675 
74 MERCURY. 4-door ..... 
$1975 
71 DODGE Dart, 2-door...................... $1795 
72 CHEVY Nova, 2-door..................... $1995 
74 MUSTANG l l ............................... $2895 
'75 MAVERICK, 4-door ...................... $3195 
72 TORONADO ............................... $1795 
'71 MERCURY Monterey, 2-door............ $1795 

2 7 SE S.W. M ILITARY DR.923-4541 

73 CHEVROLET Monte Carlo V -8 ........... $3395 
73 PONTIAC Gran Prix, V-8, automatic.... $3295 
'72 CHEVROLET Impalo, 2-door, V-8 ...... $1895 
75 FORD F-15o Ranger XLT Pickup V-8 
$4395 
'75 BUICK Electro 225 Limited, 4-door 
$4795 
'74 FORD Galaxie 5oo,4-door, V-8 
$2595 
'67 GALAXIE 5oo 4-door, V-8, auto air ... $1295 
'66 CHEVROLET Stepside Pickup, 6 tyl 
$1195 

'69 FORD E-IOO Cargo Von, 6 cylinder 
'74 CHEVROLET Impala, 4-door, V 8 auto 
'73 DODGE 1h ton 5WB Pickup 6 cylinder 
'73 CHRYSLER Newport, 2-door hardtop 
73 FORD LTD, 2 door, hardtop, V-8, auto 
'73 CHEVROLET Caprice, 4-door hordtop 
'49 FORD 4-door 6 cylinder standard 
74 DODGE Tradesman IOO Van, 6 cylin­ der standard 
$3395 

'76 FORD LTD Landau, 4-door V-8, auto 
$4995 
'75 GRAN Torino, 4-door V-8. auto., air 
$2995 
75 BUICK Century, 2-door V-8, auto., air 
$3795 
75 MAVERICK 4-door, 6 cylinder, auto 
$2995 
75 FORD LTD 4-door V-8, automatic, air ... $3395 
'75 VOLKSWAGEN Rabbit 4-door, 4 cyl. . 
$2995 
'74 GRAN Torino Station Wagon, V-8 ..... $3595 
'74 OLDSMOBILE Cutlass Supreme, 2-door 
$3495 
'73 LTD Brougham, 4-door, V-8, automatic $2595 
'73 CHEVROLET Impala 4-door, V-8 auto. 
$1995 

‘1195 
‘2695 
$2295 
$1695 
$2495 
$2295 
51695 

2o14 GO LIAD RD • 333 672o 
'76 FORD F25o Texas Ranger XLT ........ $5995 
'75 FORD LTD, 4-door. air, power 
$3695 
'77 OLDSMOBILE Cutlass Brougham, 2- door loaded, stereo, AM-FM 
SAVE 
'77 MERCURY Cougar XR7, 2-door, loaded SAVE 
'74 FORD Torino Coupe air. power 
$3o95 
'77 LINCOLN MARK V, Bill Blass, sunroof 
SAVE 
'75 CHEVROLET Novo. 2-door, V-8 auto matic, air. power, 2o,ooo miles 
$3295 
7o OLDSMOBILE Cutlass, 2-door, air, pow­ er 33.QUO miles......................... $2895 
76 CHEVROIET Silverado Pickup loaded 
$5495 
'75 FORD F Ioo Pickup, 6 cylinder, stand­ ard, lodio, heater........................ $3695 
'72 FORD HOO Sport Custom, air, power 
$2795 
'74 FORD F1oo, 6 cylinder, standard, air . $3295 
'73 AMC Gremlin, V-8, auto., air, power steerina ...... 
$1595 
76 CADILLAC Coupe Deville, loaded, block on black .................................... $8895 
75 FORD THUNDERBIRD, Silverlux, loaded $5995 
76 FORD E25o Chateau Club Wagon, 12 passenger ................................. $6995 
'72 PLYMOUTH Fury, 4-door, air, power 
$1395 
'75 FORD Pinto, 2-door, 4 cylinder, auto­ matic, air, AM-FM, 14,ooo miles 
$3295 
'75 FORD Pinto 2-door, 4 cylinder, stand­ ard, radio, 2o,ooo miles ............. $2595 
71 FORD Torino 4-door. V-8, auto , power steering........................... $1495 

1722 AUSTIN HWY. 9 826-3287 
'75 FORD Granodo. 2-door 
$3464 
'68 RAMBLER Ambassador Wagon 
$ 556 
'72 FORD Gran Torino, 4-door 
$1824 
74 OLDSMOBILE 88 4-door 
$321o 
'73 FORD Country Sedan W agon 
$2283 
75 FORD Elite................................ 
$4188 
74 CHEVY Impala, 4-dooi 
$2847 
72 PONTIAC LeMans .................. 
$1825 
73 FORD Galaxie 5oo, 4-door 
$2293 
75 INTERNATIONAL SCOUT 4x4 
$4785 
'74 BUICK REGAL 4-door 
................. 
$2987 
'68 LINCOLN CONTINENTAL 2-door 
$ 898 
74 FORD Explorer Pickup 
$285o 
73 GMC Sprit Pickup 
$2363 
74 FORD Ranger Pickup 
$3382 
74 DATSUN dupe 
$1976 
73 OLDS 88 4-door 
$1795 
71 FORD Pickup A Comper Cover ....... $1955 
73 FORD LTD 4-door ....................... 
$238o 
71 FORD Galaxie 5oo 4-door 
$145o 
'72 CHEVY Pickup ......................... 
$1878 
76 PONTIAC Grand Prix 2-door hardtop 
$5688 
75 FORD Gran Torino 2-door hardtop 
$2795 
73 FORD Gran Torino Squire Wagon 
$2764 

72 FORD Galoxie 5oo 4-door............... $2188 
75 MERCURY Montego MX 4-door 
$2956 
74 MALIBU Classic 2-door hardtop ........ $2844 
7 4 FORD LTD Brougham 4-door 
........ $3263 
71 CHEVROIET Malibu 2-door hardtop .... $1874 

TRUCK A JEEP DEPT. 
2411 B R O A D W A Y • 227.1419 
71 FORD EIDO SWS Cargo Von 8 cylin­ der auto air 
...,.................... 
$2387 
'76 CHEVROIET ’»-ton IWB Pickup, 8, 4 speed ..................................... 
$3992 
74 CHEVROLET Cheyenne, M o n IWB 4 wheel drive 8, auto , air. power 
$39o6 
7 4 FORD F35o Super Camper Special. with overhead camper, loaded 
$6388 
'74 CHEVROLET El Camino Pickup 8 auto , air, power ........................ 
$3733 
'74 CHEVROLET M o n Custom IWB Pickup 
8, auto, ait, power 
................ 
$2887 
'75 CHEVROIET ' -ton Custom IWB Pickup 
8 auto , air power, camper shell 
$3999 
75 CHEVROIET M o n SWB Pickup, 6, standard, rodio heater .............. 
$3688 
75 FORD F-15o M o n IWB Pickup, 8 standard, radio, heater, power steer­ ing ....................................... 
$3586 
7 5 PtYMOUTH Voyager, 5-passenger wagon, V-8. standard, only 25,ooo miles........................................ $37o4 
'75 FORD F25o SWB Super Cob, 8. 4- speed, radio, power steering, power brakes, air................................ 
$3997 
'75 FORD FIoo M o n LWB Ranger Pickup, 
8, auto , air, power .................... $39o1 
'75 TOYOTA Pickup. 4 cylinder, 4 speed, radio, heater, camper tent 
$2999 

I ta tm tm 
GILLESPIE 

23oo BROADWAY 

2 3 1 1 B R O A D W 
A Y 
2411 BROADWAY 
2755 S.W. MILITARY DR. 
2o14 GOLIAD RD. 
1722 AUSTIN HWY. 

• 227.1411 
• 227.1415 
• 227.1419 

• 
9 2 3 . 4 5 4 1 

 i 
3 3 3 . 6 7 2 o 

• 
8 2 6 . 3 2 8 7 

NEW CAR TRADE-INS 

• D E A L E R S W E L C O M E • 

★ C A R S S O L D A S I S ★ 
Si 
’ 7 o D I M T A Rutobouf, 4 speed, oil, runs good, j 
/ n r 
/ Im r i l e I U needs o httly body work 
O I J 

*68 VW BUS carpeted 
985 

 t i l rs a T r i l l ! Station wagon, 4 door, 4 speed, • , A T r 
/ I 
U 
A 
I 5 U IM eedstrres l U 
/ j 

 c i e a i n r n o ‘station wagon, automatic, air, s i A T C i t U L U ) 7 o nower steering, runs good 
I U / J 

7o MONTE CARLO sine* needs m uffler 
1 o 5 o 

74 PLYMOUTH 

 miles 

Fury 4 door. automatic, ort power steering 62,ooo j j £ C A 

 i y n I a e a a i r 7 cfoor autom atic an, power t i / r n 
72 L e M A N ) steering, b u rk e i seuts 
I 6 5 o 

’ T A t a v a t A 
Slondord an. needs interior l l I U T U I A work 

73 GRAND TORINO '*•" door. a u to rm itif. air, power steering, bucket seals, tape deck 

Station wagon. 4 speed, an, luggage 
*J5 PINTO rack, 67,ooo miles 

I 
7 3 BUICK . 

A Z A D A l° nflo' 4 door, automatic an, power r l m 
U steering 

 automatic, air. power steering, power windows A M M 
*7/1 A l A C Custom Cruiser wagon, all power, oil, 
■74 OLDS 89,ooo miles 
Impala station wagon, automatic, 

*165o 

*195o 

*1975 

*225o 

*235o 
*255o 

 l j i r / L f C t / V impearl srui'O'i wugun, automatic, 
5 V M S V Y air, power steering 74,ooo miles, i n c JC m runs ond looks good 
I J I J 

M f T A D A I T A 4 f*oof' au,ornn,IC' oir> power 
■ I J r U K U L I U steering, power brakes. AM j a i j a ex 
IM, vinyl top 
4 1 4 U 
7 * 1 D I HCI I Cent“ty 2 door, automatic, air, power 
*» 
7 t J U l v f t steering. AM tape, landau roof, 
51,ooo 

* 4 8 5 o 

 miles 

4 T H U N D E R B IR D l i r . 'i 

• 1 1 7 5 
•7o fi oo ly n Aft n r J ^ UP Custom, 2oo auto 
/ J U U U U s matic, long narrow bed. power steering, power brakes, needs an S I Q Q A conditioner compressor 
I Y YU 

‘ 7 2 B A W f H f C f l automatic, 
I -J n M f 'I V . n s i s V air, power steering, 
O T T 
84 OOO miles 
I O I J 

 ec steering, power brokes 
FIoo automatic, air, 
* 2 4 5 o i J A C | A Q longer KIT automatic, an pow 

 power steering, power brokes, 
’7 4 F O R D rum good, mileage unknown l y e r M f E n Jomes, automatic, air, 
/ J VJlVlV. power steering, power brakes, 
AM fM, tilt wheel, cruise control, 66,ooo miles 
.............. y ,.................. 
* 4 1 5 o 

NORTH CENTRAL FORD 
98oo SAN PEDRO OPEN SUNDAY 341-oo4o 

738 LINCOLN 

•73 L IN C O L N C o n tin e n ta l, oil pow er, gold and w hite, b la c k leather interior. 696 9757 
•73 Lincoln 4 dr sedan, mint con­ dition, 34,ooo careful miles, load­ ed. I owner. $38oo. Call M rs. Hay, 
333-621o 8:3o to 4. 
Lincoln Mock IV 76, rose on rose, 
19,ooo miles. $95oo. 824-o254; after 
4 and weekends, 344-7747. 
75 L IN C O L N M A R K IV, I owner, oil white. Lipstick white interior. 
Am-fm stereo tope deck. Michelin tires, oil electric accessories. Top condition. 227 3441 w eekdays only 
73 M ark IV, S^SOO. ‘74 Continental 
Se d an . $45oo. '7o C o n tin e n ta l 
Sedon, $15oo Individual 344-3oo1. 
‘73 M ark IV. Extra nice. Sunroof, loaded. $51oo. Call: 494-6157. 
M A R K IV 74 Loaded, excellent condition. Call: 653-7171. m MERCUHY 

 j 76 Comet. 2-dr., 6,ooo miles. Air, power, 3-speed. A M -F M , like new! 
, $2995 656-537o 
76 Comet, 4 dr, power, air, radio, auto. 673-o562 925 2o57_____________ 
’ 73 COUGAR $1996 
Air, auto, vinyl lop 435 1641______ 
68 C O U G A R 2-dr Hardtop 
K IN N E Y M O T O R S 
3928 Broadway 
828-2213 
75 C o u ga r, loaded, 15,ooo m i. 
$45oo, will trade 653-3883. 
7o Cougar X R 7, Clean, excellent cond. $1395 Days: 655-1171; after 
6 653 8455________________________ 

1972, C O U G A R XR7. L O A D E D * ! 
Take up payments. Call: 225-65o1, must ask for Don Holt! 
76 M a rq u is, d a rk b ro w n , le ss than 13,ooo miles, I dr, m any ex­ tra *, m ust see to a p p re c ia te . 
$5295 684-5773 after 5 pm. 
1971 M A R Q U IS 2-door-AII power. 
• A-l condition M ost beautiful ‘71 in 
I town. Call: Bob Puente, 222-8611 
‘75 M a rq u is. 4-dr., v in y l top, power, air, A M -F M stereo. $445o. 
658-6o78 after 5 p.m. 
74 M A R Q U IS W A G O N 
$2675 
684-2192 
‘75 M ercury Colony P a rk W agon 
Loaded. $3975. 222-1342. 

OVER STOCKED 
MUST REDUCE INVENTORY! 

W A S 

7 7 CHEVY r t f X r c & S f c pow,r. '4795 
7 5 PACER 
o,.r: ,ruiie\ AM\ .‘3595 

7 6 CHEVY 
‘3395 
75 OLDS 6 o - 4 o s e a t, a b e o u tlfu l'r o fP. . . '4695 

'T C [ n o n G ra n a d a 2 -d r., a u to ., p o w e r, j n n n r 
I J r U K U a ir, a b e a u tifu l little t a r 
D V / ) 

 i - i r ^ L IE W V 
N o v a IN coupe, re d w /r e d 
( J v n t V T b u ckets. 
5 .7 lite r , a u to ., p o w e r s teerin g , try this o n e. 

'T C fr U E V /V M onxo 2 * 2, o b e a u tifu l car 
7 J s i l t V T w ith a u to . an d a ir ........................ 
• y r i i r / ' a 
2 -d o r. H atchback, l i t V t u A a u to . r e d ......................................... 

7 4 VEGA a u to . a .............................................. 
74 CHEVY Extra goo d c o n d itio n ^ 
. 
3595 

7 4 CHEVY " “: a'.2.dr-.v8: au,o'.o,r: 

.7995 

*3595 

7 2 9 5 

7195 

T o ro n ad o , e x tra nice fully 
7995 equipped. 

..... 7395 

7495 

74 OLDS 
74 PINTO ab, auto... 

74 BUICK equipped . 
'T O r is . D h 
Goloxie 5oo, 2-dr HT, power M i n r 
I i r U K U and air, extra nice............... a4V !) 
73 BUICK pJT.ikVn'w MT ,u,,y •quip', 2895 
73 BUICK f^?onVdoflon: oH.".,ro‘'r .r: 2995 
' V I A i n e Cutlass “5 " 2-dr. HT, auto., in n n r 
I O U L U ) power and air, a beautiful car . . CUT J 
73 o ld s aCustea:r4:dr-HT',uHy*quipr d: '2495 
72 FORD eT,‘?ra8r eflhom:.4 -d r: . ,ooded: ‘1995 

N O W 
*4295 
‘3195 
‘2995 
‘3995 
‘3795 

2695 
‘2995 
*1895 
*1695 
*2995 
‘2695 
‘3195 
‘1995 
‘2o95 
‘1995 
2395 
‘2395 
‘2295 

1895 

‘1695 
*1695 
71 CHEV • drive to appreciate- . . power: ‘1995 
1 o o % W A RRAN TY 
On Motor, Trans., Rear End For 3o Days or 2,ooo Mi. 
TEXA S A L T O SALES 
2 L o c a t io n s 
2211 S.W. Military Dr. 
923-4341 
1516 S.W. Military Dr. 
923-o737 

741 • PLYMOUTH 

75 P L Y M O U T H V A L IA N T 6 CVI. 
F u lly Equipped. 17,ooo M iles. I 
Owner. 684-3719. 
'64 Valiant, new starter, alterna­ tor; 6 cyl 2o mpg. auto, $25o 
922-9o89 

742 PONTIAC 
68 Bonneville, good transportee lion, $5oo or best otter. Call after 4 pm weekdays, 828-6558 
•77 Bonneville Brougham . Black on black 
Loaded! 4,ooo miles 
$695o-1-399-2o65 
67 Catalina 2 dr hardtop, excet- lent throughout $55o. 826-2485. 
■7o C A T A L IN A 
Fully loaded Im m aculate in and out 
Perfect lady’s cor 
$895 
337 58o2 

‘7 4 D U S T E R , $ 2 1 9 5 . or best ofter, 22,ooo mi, auto, cir, power. 494 23o8 
'77 Firebird E sp rit loaded best otter over $5ooo 333-1841 
‘72 F IR E B IR D , loaded, extra nice 
52295 924-6416 
72 F ir e b ir d 
L o a d e d * C le a n 
828-6355, after 7 -696-o3o3 
•72 F I R E B I R D , lo a d e d 
Auto, clean. 51695. 733 8o76 

71 M ercury Cougar M u st se lf 
$3775. Coll: 222-1342. 
'72 M E R C U R Y M A R Q U IS $1195 air, auto very clean 435-1641 
'74 M ontego M X 
A ir, A M - F M stereo, vinyl too, power 
$27oo 
494-1569 

74 o -OLDSMOBILE 

Clean 1976 Used C ars At: 
B U D G E T R E N T A CAR-349 4443 
338 N.E. Loop 41o at Airport Blvd. 
‘76 C utlass B ro u g h a m , loaded, extras. $5ooo or best otter 349-2911 
C U T L A S S C O N V E R T IB L E ‘72. 
Gold $3ooo firm. Fred: 342-2332; 
826-4814. 

74o OLDSMOBILE 
74o OLDSMOBILE 

1968 O lds ‘98’, 455 A ir, P o w e r brakes, steering, windows, seats. 
$6oo 736-47o4 

Take over paym ents, no eauity '7$ 
Olds Cutlass. Call: 824-76o6 otter 
7: 494-5734 

‘71 O L D S 88 $1575 
C A L L : 922-3426 
72 O L D S Delta 88 2-door hardtop, extra clean, all power, factory air, $1495. 9o%financfng available 
224 441o 

1972 T O R O N A D O , doctors wifes cor, all pow er, lo c ks and w in ­ dows, pow er seat, air, low mi. 
Very clean. 344-4697 atter 6P M 

1976 F IR E B IR D . I owner Load ed 826-9656, 695-8o56 
1973 F IR E IR D . 1-owner Loaded! 
826 9565, »9S-8o56 
76 G rand Prix, air, power, stereo, 
19,ooo mi $4695 653-3221 
'74 Grand Prix. Loaded, A M -F M stereo Extra, extra clear inside and out! $3685. 494-6684 
'75 
G r a n d 
P r ix , 
L O A D E D ! 
828 6355, atter 7 696 o3o3 
‘72 G ra n P rix . E xce lle n t condi­ tion Loaded. Best otter 342-358o. 
67 Gran Prix. Loaded, I owner 
Excellent cond $795 655-3o38 
74 G R A N P R IX , loaded, nice. 
Toke up paym ents, 924-6671______ 
‘74 Gran P rix SJ. loaded, I owner, 
$3695 225-5493; 826-2377 

’76 G R A N P R IX 
Toke over paym ents, no equity. 
Coll Credit M anager, 349-6948 
'71 L e M a n s Sp o rt, 2dr, auto, power, air, I owner $15oo 695-9357 
‘73 L E M A N S . Standard $185o 
________ 226-o291; 226-o292 

'75 Olds Delta 88 Low mileage. 
Excellent cond Loaded 828-8626. 
73 O LD S Delta IS. 5o,ooo mi. Good cond. $2o95 696-3816 

•74 Cutlass Custom C ruiser 9 p as­ senger, all power, fully loaded, 
$3ooo firm. 824-9673, 8am-5pm. 
‘72 C U T L A S S 4-door $1195. Fine condition! Air. 435-1641 
72 Cutlass, good cond., $21oo, no equity 732-356o atter 4 pm 

737-1 

M U S T S E L L !? 75 Pinto Sq u ire 
M M M , V6, automatic, air condi­ t io n e d 
A M - F M ste re o , lo w 
I iceage 
$3195 oo or best ofter 
512-625-9239 
’ickup paym ents on my i«76 P in ­ eal! Herb 225*79o9. 

73? - FC 

72 C U T L A S S , L O W M I L E S 
828-6355. after 7 : 696-o3o3 
'76 Cutlass Supreme, loaded, orig. owner, good buy 691-16o8 

76 Pinto Runabout, air, pow er steering, under 3ooo mi. 432-3313 
7 3 P IN T O , 4 speed, reol nice. 
$1195 494-5313,___________________ 

'73 C u tla ss Sup re m e , 1-ow ner. 
Excellent. 
828-6355, atter 
7 >696-o3o3 
'74 Cutlass Supreme. V e ry clean! 
828 6355, otter 7:-696-o3o3 

 i n Pinto, auto, air, 28 mpg, recent o verhaul. $12oo 655-9235. 
975 P IN T O , automatic, air con 
|!ifioned L u x u r y decor g ro u p con om iccl b e a u ty'! Call 
I P - 
[JE H O U SE . 222-8611_____ _______ 
[76 P in to . 2 door, a ir h eater, 
Indio. Excellent condition $25oo 
25-6721,Eves: 826 5394.__________ 
J'in to 2 door 1973 76. SOO m iles 
[jew tire*. Auto. $15oo-822 3996 
I n P IN T O G O O D C O N D IT IO N 
A L L : 696-3457. 
____________ __ 

Kocrilicef $T9sb. Coll 533-337o. 

$697 
172 F IN T O R u n a b o u t, t e r m * livailobte call Rick Hood ar Fred 
Moron, 341-5571___________________ 

‘72 Pinto. 4 speed, air, new tires, I ownei ■ $895 cash. 826-oo64. 
73 Pinto Sauire station w agon, 
57,ooo rn,, $11oo aft 5 699-1359 
T a ke up paym ents on m y 1976 
Granada. Call Herb, 225-79o9. 
64 T B IR D 
G O O D C O N D ITIO N . 658-9269 

7 5 T H U N D E R B I R D 
Take over paym ents, no eauity, coll Credit Manager, 349-6948 

74 TORINO. $1595 
68o3 S. Flores 
•69 T o rin o W agon P ow er, air, auto.. 351 V8 1895. 653-2oo3. 

738 LINCOLN 

1967 Lincoln Continental, $6oo. 
1965 C h rysle r $3So V e ry clean, good condition, 534-574o. 

*74 Cutlass Supreme, landau root, bucket seats, m ag wheels, ve ry clean 734-4917 anytime 
‘75 Cutlass Supreme, sharp, m any extras, I owner $43oo. 459-1187. 
JO Cutlass 5X 455 vinyl top, power windows. 2 dr $15oo. 349-7o77. 
*75 Delta 88 Royale. Top cond., all power, air, (lee. windows. Cruise control, etc, 19,75o m iles. H ave new car. Best reasonable offer. 
496-7585 
Going overseas, m ust soil ‘74 To- ronado. loaded bast offer 473-1*9? 

M b M M I U nity 
Used C ars From O ur Rental Fleet 
(1974 Used) 
1331 SO U T H T E R M IN A L 
For Information Coll: 824-9445 

IS 225-1666 
EXPRESS A N O N E W S 

‘7o Olds FSS, needs w ork. $6oo 
453-o485 after 3 pm. 

‘71 Toronado. good running cond • good tires. $795 648-23o1 

L IT T L E 74 P O N T IA C C A T A L IN 
A F A M IL Y S E D A N G A S S A V ­ 
IN G C R U IS E C O N T R O L C O L D 
A IR 
LO W M IL E S . L IK E N E W 
R A D IA L T IR E S . S U P E R C L E A N 
IN A N D O U T !! A S K IN G O N L Y 
5188o C A SH NO T R A D E . 828-6959 

•73 T O R O N A D O Hardtop, Luxury coupe, e x tra c le a n , fu lly equipped. All power, factory air, must see to appreciate $1995 9o% financing available 224-441o 

‘73 Olds '88' H.T. $159$, Loaded 
Cleon Can finance 435-1641 

'72 Toronado loaded, clean good cond. $1995. 333-5355 or 534-554o 

‘72 Luxury Le M a n s. one owner, 
4o,ooo miles 
828-6355, offer 
7: 696 o3o3 

CA VENDER’S 
“SPECIALS” 

, _ , 
__ ll (amino Classic, factory oir, 
76 CHEVROLET oil power and extras, sharp... 4995 
D I ll/* I/ *l*c,ro ^ 5 Custom coupe, factory oir, . r t n r 
I J DUK. IV all power and extras, clean................ jOYj 
Toronado Coupe, factory air, all power < - 
75 OLDS and extras. Special 
........... 
*5495 
Delta 88 Holiday Sedan, factory air, all i n a / v r 
73 OLDS power and extras, vinyl top, clean 
7 J 
I TA A i n t Cutlass Solon, 4-door, factory oir, all 
/ 4 ULU) power ond extras, dean..................... OOT J 

 r n I i r A D XR7 toUPe* ,at,orK oir* o|t P°wer \ A t a c 
75 COUGAR and extras, like new..................... 46V5 
. . . . . Cutlass Supreme Coupe, factory air, all $ r n Q C 
/ O O L D ) power and extras, stereo, m ags........... J t v J 

74 PLYMOUTH oir, automatic, was $2995 .. 
*2695 
’T C A i n e D Q P*9enty Coupe, factory air, all j C a o r 
75 OLD) Y O power ond extros, #518o, Special 
54Y5 ca v . A n n Granada Ghia, 11,ooo miles, loaded u x n r 
76 FORD with extras..................................................................*4695 
’ T O aa c o n ID V Wontego Brougham, coupe, factory f l f V lt K l. U K I air, all power and extros, special .. t i l J 
'VA A i n e *-us,om Cruiser station wagon, factory i n t n r 
74 ULU5 air, oil power ond extras tool rock 
O O T J i n aa m n m u Monorch 4-door, factory oir, all i A j i n r 
76 MERCURY power, and extros, low mileage .. 44Y5 
’T O A i n e Cu,,oss Supreme Coupe, factory air, all j « | o r 
/ J U L U ) power ond extras, 'good looking" 
J IY Z ) 
. . . . . 98 luxury Sedon, factory air, oil power . . . . . 
67 OLD) and extros SHARP ............................. I IVO 

12,ooo MUE OR 12 MONTH MOTORS INSURANCE CORP. 
MECHANICAL INSURANCE AVAILABLE ON MANY OF OUR 
74 OR NEWER MODELS 
“CONFIDENCE IS CAVENDER” 
Cavender Oldsmobile Co. 
1oo1 Broadway • 226-7357 » 226-8772 

742 PONTIAC 

Take over paym ents on ‘76 Bon­ neville B ro u g h a m Stereo radio, tape d e c k , a ll p o w e r. D a y s 
925-7491 eves: 494-1165 

746 TRUCKS & COMMERCIAL 

TRAILERS, 8USES 

1966 T e m p e s t C u sto m 2-door hardtop. V-8, standard, air. Econ­ omy car $55o 734 8431 

Urn 

‘72 L U X U R Y L E M A N S , 2-dr haidtop, loaded, air, pow er Op tiOiial. 924-6416 
71 P O N T IA C Catalina, 4 door, I owner, extra nice $1o5o 344-1o76; 
349 1o42 

O L D S '88', 72. 4o,ooo miles. Like new! $1583, or take up paym ents. 
Call: 225-4So1, m ust ask for Don 
Holtz 

68 T O R O N A D O , ve ry good con­ dition. $12oo 674-3o83. 

*71 Oldsm obile 98, loaded, good condition. $1395. 822-9568. 
*74 O ld s 
O m e g a . 
4-d r, low mileage. $3855. Call: 441-6498 

1976 Torondo B rougham , still in warranty, 7,ooo miles, fully looded in c lu d in g am -fm tope, c ru ise , p o w e r s e a ts a n d w in d o w s, radials, m ust sell bv M o n d o v i 
$65oo firm! 341-19o7 or 226-5526. 

1974 O L D S '88' $1788, or take UP paym ents. Coll: 225-65o1, m ust ask for Don Holtz 

741 • PLYMOUTH 

'76 O lds 98 R e g e n c y . F ire m lst 
B u rg u n d y , load ed. $72oo. M r. 
King: 684-222o; 735-o2o2. 
'75 Olds Starfire Sports Coupe. std, air, radio, $2995 69o 8975 
75 Olds Starfire. V6, rodio, no air 
17,ooo miles. Looks ond runs like new! $23oo 494-6S63 after 5:3o; anytime weekends. 
‘72 Olds Toronado, w hite-black vinyl lop. 55,ooo miles, new steel belted radials, A M - F M stereo 8 track, air -f all power. $1595. Call 
M r. Fielder S34-1628, 923-4344 

197o D U S T E R , 6 cyl. clean. $75o 
M ake otter. 732-3824 ____________ 
74 D uster. 6 CVI., $3oo equity. 
M onthly p aym e n ts $95 or refin- once. 69o-o1o9 otter 6:3o._________ 
‘67 F U R Y ll 4 door, air. all power, 
$35o. 342-7927. 
_______________ 
74 F U R Y lll-2-door $1895. Load­ ed. Less than loan value 435 1641 
75 Grand Fury Custom Sedan, all extras, cruise, 3o,ooo mi. $2895, bv owner 653-67o5 eves.______________ 
‘71 Plym outh Duster. Air, auto , 
Dow er ste e rin g . E x t r a cle a n 
$1o95. 655-6184 after 5:3o. 

1976 Pontiac F ire b ird “ E sp rit". 
B e a u tifu l-S te re o , p o w e r, o ir. 
Cherry condition. Call: J A G a r­ za, 222-8611 
76 Pontiac G rand Prix LJ. Load ed, low m iles, like new. $57oo. 
656-o237 after s p.m. 
'76 P o n tia c G r q n P r ix . F u lly loaded 826 9565, 695-8o56 
Pontiac '74 G ran Ville, excellent m e c h a n ic a l c o n d itio n . 
C a ll 
657-oo21 or 341-185o 

’74 Pontiac Granville 
2 door Sport Coupe. Loaded! Only 
4o,ooo miles 
................. 
S339S 
J A M IS O N M trs. Seguin, 223-52o1 
Pontiac 67 GTO, auto, air Very good! 1-438-7294 
7 2 Pontiac L e M a n s Air, power steering, b ra ke s. Stereo, excel­ lent cond $135o 735-3552 

'65 Tem pest W agon Overhauled 
326 Good transportation $5oo or best otter 432-6386, 923-7415 

76 T R A N S A M 
455 cu in. 4 bbl. 4-speed, all block. air, am -tm stereo, 8 track. All oower. includ ing windows, door locks, tilt wheel $5895 696-6437; 
734-7477 eves, w eekends_________ 
75 Trons Am, loaded, 55ooo. will talk reasonable ofter. 
433-7822, 
Cliff 

’76 T R A N S A M 
Take over paym ents, no eauity. coll Credit M anager, 349-6948 f i Ventura Hatchback. 15o, air power steering, 38,ooo mi. Good cond 518oo 674-58oo 

C E N T U R Y W R E C K E R S A L E S 
Distributors Century W reckers 
16o3 NO A L A M O 
225-6146 
1974 C h e vro le t, air, sta n d a rd 
Very clean! 
878-6355, atter 
7: 696-o3o3 

746 TRUCKS 8 COMMERCIAL 
TRAILERS, BUSES 

746 TRUCKS 8 COMMERCIAL 
TRAILERS. BUSES 

65 Chevy, I W B, autom atic, a ir! 
D R IV E IN T R U C K S A L V A G E conditioned J44 9952 aft 6pm 
| 
P IC K U P T R U C K P A R T S 
63 Chevy Pickup truck, recently 7o7 Laredo Hw y 924 6551, 924-655? overhauled motor, 923-6341________ 1974 E3oo Ford window van, new 
‘67 C h e w Pickup, runs good, uses h° 
Ti sn®* n !w nil isnn nr hest niinr t 
o,r' trailer hitch, 
$3)So 
Dick oil. 55oo or best ofter 736 2469, evenings ond weekends 1-755-4629 
432-7895 

76 Chevy Pickup, cam per shell, carpet, aw ning platform for mat­ tress Atter 5pm 661-4774 
7 7 Chevy pickup *; ton. black. 
Sport P k g E xtra H D tires $15oo equity or trade tor 7o E (Camino equity 627-2543 
76 C H E V Y Pick u p *i ton LW B, with or without cam per $4,ooo 
626-1544 

’76 E L C A M IN O 
18.ooo a ctu a l m ile s 
Auto air. power windows, tilt wheel, cruise, swing out seats L o o k s like new 
Reduced lo 
$4495 call 
Jim. 
661 4511 
71 ElCam ino 35o, auto , air. Gem top com per $185o 657 2oo9 
74 ElCam ino D e l uxe paint, rat ley whls, tilt whl air. pw r steer- 
68 C h e vy PU . IW B , 327 Stan- mg, $3685 brokes 1-625 3o58 d ard H e a d e rs $I3oo_224-4231, 7 3 El Camino, M ags, new paint. 
^ h u / w ™ * 4o8* air, good cond $265o 435 2517____ 
68 ElCam ino O range and whiLel 
71 Chevy 
Step Van SW B^ 
6 cyl good cond 5975 firm 826 3562 
Std , good cond $15oo 1-249 
3785 r - 
, 
.— 
"x— -— -— 
, „ m 
*9 l f C om ino. P p w g r. glr, 
68 Chi vy 
SW B A standard Goo/! truck $785 494 2724 

74 CHEVY Vt T. $1695 
Long Wide 68o3 S Flores 
74 C H E V Y ' j ton. auto, air. $2995 call Jim, 661 4511 

‘74 Chevy *i ton Custom pickup 
Loaded, low m ileage R easono blo 734-48o7 ofter 4 p.rn 
76 Chevy I Ion 454 eng , 4-spd 
428 Nam er 8,ooo lb winch 4,ooo miles 6/4-o548 

 a ir shock', sta n d a rd G ood second cnr, excellent w o rkh o rse $11oo 
Arter 6 pm. 732-9397 
'75 Ford 6, auto, air ...... 
53575 
73 Ford Explorer, looded 
52475 
73 Ford V-8. auto, L W B 
51875 
2o7 New Laredo Hwv-924 2211 
7o Ford Bronco. 4 wheel drivp 
Air. Extra clean! 53ooo-648 o48o 
75 Ford Club Cob % ton pickup 
4-spd. $365o. 533-337o. 
‘76 F o rd C o u rie r with poneled 
. . . 
____________________ gooseneck C a m p e r co ve r A M 
63 C H E V Y I* I ton Flatbed, V 8 - P M radio, 79oo mi $34oo 675-o287 
76 Ford Custom Van 351 eng., 5 m atched w heels and tires CB. 
A M -F M stereo, pow er ste e rin g and b rakes, a ir Sp e cia l paint 

136oo Babcock al Huusm an Rd. 
'74 Chevy >, ton Loaded! Excel lent 828-6355, otter 7>696-o3o3 
'75 Chevy % ton pickup $77oo or Call Bill: 8 to $ 653-41*1; ofter 6 m ake otter. Coll: 349-3121 
69o 8694 
•73 C H E V Y 'j ton Pickup 6 cyl standard 
New paint 
$23oo 
661 4511 
1971 Chevy* /ton, v-8. stand LW B 
Perfect, $1,49$ 655-3391 

’74 C H E V Y V A N $3995 
Beauville 3o, fully equipped, low mileage 
Excellent condition 
494 23o8 
74 Chevy Van. Good cond , new tires, m ags, low m iles A M -F M ' stereo 8-track, carpet, paneling 
Priced belw Book 734-7o73. alter 
6 3o: 732-8669 
'74 C h e v y V an . V8, a ir, auto, looded 54ooo Call 684 1177 

74 Ford Custom pickup Loaded, like new. B y owner 653-7723. 

72 Ford Econollne IOO Van, goad buy, very d e an 691 16o8 
'7$ Ford Explorer. *> ton. LW. * standard^$2895. 459 )26$. 
'75 Ford F25o Crew Cob 824-9S64, 
695-8o56 
1973 Ford F3So 8ooo G V W plot fo rm tru c k , p o w e r s te e rin g . 
4-speed, $18oo Dick 432 7895 
I 
1974 Ford F35o 68oo G V W truck chassis, 4-speed, power steering, power brakes, 
$23oo 
Dick 
43? 7895 

“A S IS S P E C IA L S " 
'76 F O R D FIDO pickup 6 cylinder, standard 2o,ooo miles New fires 
................. 
S295o 
74 F O R D 15o Crew Cab 36o, V-8. 
4-speed Power, clean! 
,. 5295o 
1974 D A T S U N B21o 2 door Sedan 
Lots of miles 
.................... 5145o 
C A N B E S E E N AT: 
6226 SA N P ED R O -344 33o6 
A ssu m e p a y m e n ts on m y 1976 
Ford pickup. Coll Herb 225 79o9 
•77 B L A Z E R , L O A D E D ! 
826-9565___________________695-8o56 
3o' body. Bedell Reefer 4" insula hon, vault doors, insulated installed 
....................... $6,ooo 
B E D E L L T R A IL E R CO 
151o So Flores-226-6318 

1972 C H E Y E N N E Super Loaded! 
826 9565 695 8o56__________________ 
77 CJ7 4WD, auto, air, va. lots of extras 5595o 659-1449 
Club Wagon, 1976 Ford, A-l con- dition, loaded 56,7oo. 661 6496 
63 C O R V A IR V A N 
$3oo C A L L 
695-8)3o 
76 Custom pickup Loaded, like new By owner 653-7723._________ 

1975 Ford F25o, loaded* 826 95*5, 
695 8o56___________________________ 
76 F O R D F I 5o, pickup, auto, air, no equity, take up p a ym e n ts. 
Randy 681 369? 

7 3 D od ge C lub Cab D IOO SB mags, tires, extra nice 623-3134 

77 Ford F I $o, radio, air, stan dard, 6 cylinder, dual gas tanks. 
Perfect $415o Call 698-26)6 
77 Ford F ISO R an ge r X L T Ail oower, oir Call 735-2593. 
75 Ford F15o Ranger, air, outo power 828-6355. after 7 696-o3o3 

‘76 D o d g e M a x i C u sto m V an . 
M oonroof, A M - F M 8-track, CB 
Low mi., m any extras. 
$76oo 
684-6895 
‘67 Dodge pickup LW B, 44o eng 
Auto., air, p o sitra c tilt wheel, radio, custom paint. M ags, wide tires, bucket seats console $18oo or bes! otter 1-249-3785___________ 
75 D O D G E P ickup '/ton 6 stan­ dard cam per shell Am tm radio tope $31oo coll 69o 1847, 681-29oo 

7$ F O R D F-1oo 
3o? VB, a ir, p o w e r ste e rin g , brakes, financing arranged Call 
Bubba, 349-6948 
7 * F o rd G o o d T im e s V o n 
Loaded. 828-635$, after 7: *96-o3o3 
73 Ford L W B 6 cyl, standard 
$185o. *55 3647 

743 MISCELLANEOUS AUTo8 

'67 C o u ga r $495. ‘65 C hevy Im ­ pala. Air. $495. 71 Gremlin, $795. 
*3 Olds, $15o 656-7478 
T R A O E W IN D S Auto Sales 
•W E F I N A N C E * 
3oo3 SW M IL IT A R Y 
922-27o3 

I 73 Chevrolet Cheyenne Super IO 
! Pickup with Cam per shell, 35o VS. 
! extrem ely clean $275o 223-61*1, 
I ext. 343 
73 Chevrolet C*5 with 1976 Hobbs 
I 25 yd tra ile r 
A ll rad ial tires, oower steering and air Excellent cond $13,85o. 227-*$42. after * 3o 
1-779-2591. 

V W D u n e b u g g y 
M e t a l bod y, needs eng work. 
Titled, $3oo 
344 1725 

74 Dodge Pickup Club Cab, 39,ooo miles, VS auto. radio. **1-4314 or 
53*-24o9. $32oo.____________________ 
‘74 D O D G E R A M C H A R G E R . 
4-wheel dr power brakes, steer­ ing, auto air, am-fm radio. 39,ooo mi Asking $39oo *9* o694________ 
1976 Dodge Sp o rtsm a n Royale 
826-9565, 695-8o56 

76 F O R D L W B -6 standard S33Jo 
822-991*___________________________ 
■54 F o rd P ick u p , *9 C h e vy 327 engine, new brakes, good shape 
*84-3*44. *98-2o7$. 
68 F O R D P ickup SW B. VB stoa dard, factory air, power steering, 
51)5o. 344 1o76 , 349 1o42 
'64 Ford pickup, new engine, auf, 
58oo 653-o485 atter 3pm.__________ 
Ti Ford Ranchero GT, full power, hit, cruise control, am-fm stereo tope $4195. 69o-1132. 

49 Chevrolet. 25o eng Nice body runs good 333-2452 ort 5 

'68 O L D S T O R O N A D O 
$5oo 
*53-7o96 
71 O lds T o ro n ad o . L o o k s like new. Excellent condition 
$159$. 
655-2947. 
67 Olds Toronado 26,ooo original m ile s. M in t! C a ll C. M ile s : 
736-5419 ; 228-4392. 
‘76 O lds T o ro n a d o B ro u g h a m . 
Fully loaded, low mi. 
$*795. 
492-2895. 
‘48 Olds Vista Cruiser. Air, power, auto. Priced to sell! 3*2-5887. 

•73 Plym outh F u ry III 4 dr sedan 
VS, oir, power, $17oo 734-825*. 
‘73 P L Y M O U T H F u ry III, 4 dr 
Sedan, good c o n d itio n . $1195. 
Luling. 1-875-2138. 
‘74 Plym outh Satellite. Buckets v in y l top, a ir, p o w e r. $195o 
*88-3213 atter 6pm 
72 Plym outh Satellite, 2-door, au- to, oir, $7oo. 734-36o3 otter 2 PM . 
1973 Plym outh Sattelite w agon, 
V8, air, disc brakes, radials, a u ­ tomatic. SI,OOO. D ick 432-7895 
MPC15S SND 
X 

1975 Pontiac LeM ans. Power, and air 
P E R F E C T ! C all: R ic h a rd 
Moreno, 222-8611__________________ 
Pontiac, ‘68 Le M a n s Power, au-i to., air. $6oo 333-3764.____________ 
197o Pontiac Sport Lem ans, 35o 
CII.in. 2V b u r k e i se a ts w ith console autom atic, pow er steer­ ing, air, A M 8 track. M ust see to appreciate 656 6769______________ 
1976 
P O N T IA C 
V E N T U R A 
Hatchback coupe, all extras. 35oo mi. will take good used car in trgde, and pick up paym ents., 
735-o822 

744 CUSTOMIZED CARS, 
SPEED RAGINS CARS 

P A N T E R A . L IK E N E W ! 165M PH 
PLU S. 828-5511. 

748 TRUCKS I COMMERCIAL 

TRAILERS, BUSES 

A L A M O W H IT E T R U C K S 
S I* P R O B A N D T 
224-2131 
_____ 

1971 Chevrolet. V8, std, air Good condition $14oo, 341-8379_________ 
7 5 C H E V Y B L A Z E R 
4 w heel dr. blue, w hite color am-fm stereo, radio, 8 frock tape deck Will accept trade 
SO U TH T E X A S trailers, 653-4161 

76 CDevy Cheyenne 
% ton, V-8, 4 speed, power, air. 
38,ooo m iles 
......................$4795 
J A M IS O N M trs Seguin, 223-52o1 

7 5 Dodge * /ton Von, carpet, tires, m a gs, om -fm ca sse tte , $3*95. 
Must sell. 734-4749 
7 5 Dodge V an Air, power, VS, auto A M - F M . c u sto m iz e d int. 
$495o 675-2934 
‘74 Dodge Von, Copperton*, auto. 
P S, v a, $285o 656-1359 
______ 

76 Sunbird, loaded, like new Best otter over $31oo 492-1*95 
CAU ?25 1666 
4 Whtony Tracks heel D rive • All iSizes 

1974 Chevy Custom IO, Loaded! 
826-9565, 695-8o56 

73 Dodge Van Short wheel base 
Som e c a m p e r eqpt. 318, V -l. 
Loaded $2625 735-2o39 

75 Ford Ranchero Radio, heater, air, p o w e r 
C le a n . L ig h t use 
$35oo 341-2436, 349-6231 
75 F O R D R A N G E R Pickup 1 /ton, 
HO, posi ti ac, ail Bowel, ait 
CB am-fm, I track stereo, ail terrain tires 684-5991 
74 Ford Ranger XLT, fully load ed. also has factory Ford camper, 
S3495 922-o184 

75 Dodge Van Sportsm an Deluxe, 
VS auto, power, air, 8 passenger, low mites, $52oo 673-883o atter «, p m 
_ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ 
71 Dodge V aiL M o n , * std, air, custom interior, $1*oo 675 3355 

69 Ford R a n g e r 
F o c to ry oir, camper cover, $1o9$. 474-6753 
Fords-Chevys, 2-2' z Tons 
23o1 N O G A L IT O S 
534-6711 

(2) 
71, ( I ) 
*9 C h e v y D u m p 
T rucks with Lufkin trollers, all 3, 
$19,ooo. I-456-7266, l-$83-3181 
‘72 C hevy L u v pickup 4-speed 
$1*So, Call: 533-337o. 

'76 FO RD S U P E R CAB 
T a k e o v e r p a y m e n t s , n o e a u i t y . c o l l C r e d i t M a n a g e r , $ 49-6948 
'74 Dodge. 4-whl drive Club Cab. 
Looded, excellent cond. B ig Hres, 
38,ooo m i. Su g. $44oo, a s k in g 
$3795. 458-1*9*. 

 t x p g b s A N b w ifV A /*; 
I 

7 * F O R D S u p e r Cab, ’kton, 4 speed, a ir , p a w e r steering., b ra k e s, d e lu x e c a m p e r shell. 
13,ooo mi. SS97S call Bert D augh­ erty, 349-6948 

 ing. 

 u S 

 tesTj 
* 

 nee 
IM I t o r 

 i s : 

T E I 

 re# n g. 

'MS# 

S T 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday May 15 1977 
P a g e 2 2 - D 

73o 743-AOTOMMIIES 
73o 743 MW o8IUS m m AUTOMOBILES mmmmm mnmmwm 
73o-743 AOTOMOBflFS 
73o 743 AUTOMOBILES 
73o 743 4oToMOBIIE3 
73o 74T4UToMoB11E3 
IORDAN FORD IS NUMBER I 

IM MOM FORD CARS AMD TRUCKS SAUS 

FORD MOTOR CO. 
RECOGNIZES 
JORDAN FORD 
AS THE 
LEADER 
IN NEW CAR 
&TRUCKSALES 

THANK YOU 

SANANTONIO' 

Bill Jordan, Jr. and the Jor­ dan Ford Sales Staff display the Trophies awarded by 
Ford Motor Co. for their 
Number One Sales Position in Ford Sales for April, 1977. 
This Number One sales standing is the result of cus­ tomer confidence based on 
Jordan Ford's reliability and integrity in customer service. 
The Jordan Ford Sales Staff promises a continued effort to maintain our customer confidence and remain 
‘ Number One” to you, our customers. 

NUMBER ONE SAVINGS FROM YOUR NUMBER ONE DEALER 

' 7 7 THUNDERBIRD 
3o2 V 8, automatic, air, power steer­ ing, power brakes, tinted glass, body side mouldings, dover gray w ith dove gray vinyl roof, stock no. 2556 
$5695 

'7 7 GRANADA 

2-door, 25o, 6 cylinder, autom atic, radio, power steering, air conditioned, tined glass. 

'7 7 PINTO 
1 2-3 Litre, 4-cylinder, 4-speed, radio, tinted glass, white side wall tires, wheel covers, rocker panel molding, wheel mouldings, bright yellow, stock no. 
2498 
*3595 

'7 7 MAVERICK 
2 door, 6-cylinder, automatic, radio, tinted glass, white side walls, polar white, stock no. 2536 
3895 

 white side wall tires, drak brown, stock no 
2566 
*4995 

'7 7 F.IOO 

LWB 3oo CID, 6-cylinder, Explorer package, lite blue, stock no. 1434 
*4195 

Easy ferms—Uo to 

4S. Months to Pay , 

DOWNTOWN 

So. St. M ary's at Durango 
227-1311 

NORTHSIDE 

Loop 4 1 o at Perrin-Beitel 
657.333o 

SOUTHSIDE 

4 1 4 S.W . 
M ilita ry Dr. 
9234566 

Ie 

OUR LIMITED OFFER SALE ENDS SOON. SPEC­ 
TACULAR DISCOUNTS, LIKE THE ‘ 1,ooo OFF 
SILVERADO PICKUPS, MUST END AS OUR 
SUPPLY OF THESE SPECIAL VEHICLES IS RUN­ 
NING LOW. NO MATTER WHAT TYPE OF CAR 
R TRUCK YOU NEED, 
COME OUT TODAY. SALE 
ENDS SOON. 

★ AIR CONDITIONED WITH TINTED GLASS ★ 
3o5 V8 ENGINE WITH HYDRAMATIC TRANS­ 
MISSION ★ POWER STEERING ★ POWER DISC 
FRONT BRAKES ★ WINDSHIELD ANTENNA 
★ VINYL SEATS 
★ CARPETING 

★ L I S T $ 5 , 6 5 4 the little cheeper dealer 

IV FORD 
737-FORD 
I 
FORD E L IT E J door 76 Brand new co n d itio n . Low m iles, i n ­ s t r u m e n t a t io n g r o u p 
W ire w heels. 
B u c k e t seats w i th console. AM PM stereo. Power windows, cruise control etc. Will sell for $46oo. Blue book: $56oo. 
Call: 225-65o1 must ask I or Don 
Holt i ______________________ _ 
1976 F O R D E L I T E . L o a d ed ! 
626-9565, 695-8o56__________ _ 
‘69 Ford Fairlan e Wagon. New eng., $5oo Call 1-438-7286. 
Ford F a irla n e 1965. Auto, a ir, power steering. Nice! 349-4826 
‘65 Ford Falcon Futura. 4 dr, 4 
Std, $395. 674-o456 
•6J FO RD G alaxie 4-door good transportation, $195. 224-441o 

1972 F O R D G A L A X IE ‘$oo*. 
Clean. 
Make reasonable offer. 
225-7111________________________ 
73 Ford Galaxie $175o. Beautiful condition Air 435 1641___________ 
72 FORD GALAXIE SU95 
Extra nice1 air, q u i p , 435 1641 
73 Ford G alaxy 5oo Good m e­ c h a n ic a l cond . slig h t body damage. $975 After 5: 656 5377 
72 Ford Gran Torino V-8, auto air, power steering. $t!oo-227-39l4 
75 Ford LTD Country Squire 9 pass. Wagon. Air, power, luggage rack, split bench. Power seats, 
A M -F M tape deck. 46o engine, new tire s . Tow ing pkg. V e ry clean . 
1-569-4oo7; a fte r 
6: 
1-569-4o14, P leasanton. 

737 • FORD 

GRADUATES of ’7 7 

SACRIFICE 
7 7 LTD ll “ $” 
WAGON 
Automatic, oir, tinted gloss, iring, power side w all tires, metallic glow paint, 351 V8. 
> 7 5 9 7 

EPA RATING HWY. • 
‘ 5 2 8 5 * 

 suspension, 

# 7 2 8 4 , | 

# 7 2 8 2 . 

Automatic, air conditioned, tinted wind shield, power steering power brakes, white sidewall tires. 

# 7 1 9 7 , # 7 2 1 4 , # 7 2 9 9 . 

EPA RATING 
S C I o 
7 
* 
HWY -1 9 
JR I T # 

1977 LTD 
4 DOOR 

NEW 1 9 7 7 LTD 
STATION WAGON 

 conditioned, 
1 9 7 7 LTD COUNTRY 
SQUIRE WAGON 

‘4,895 

# 3 1 4 1 , 3 1 4 5 
MISSION 
CHEVROLET 
12ooS.E.MilitaryDr. 
924-2311 Roily 8 am-9 pm 
Saturday 8 AM-6 PM 

1 9 7 7 GRANADA 

DOOR 

Automatic, air condi­ tioned, wheel covers, tin­ ted glass, power steering, white sidewall tires, 25o 6 cylinder, (I only), #7494. 

EPA RATING HWY. - 23. 

 r n a i 

*4799* 

FRESH NEW SHIPMENT 
OF THUNDERBIRDS 
(PU N TY TO CHOOSE FROM)7643 
1977 THUNDERBIRD 

6943 
7518 
7612 

6988 
7527 
7616 

7o77 
753o 
762o 

7223 
7586 
7624 

7349 
7587 
7625 

7359 
7588 
7632 

7386 
7589 
7634 

7442 
7611 
7642 

ASK ABOUT OUR 
. .I 
, j .. 
EXTENDED WARRANTY 
♦Excludes Tax, Title and License 
ON NEW AND USED VEHICLES 
98oo SAN PEDRO 
341-5571 

75 FOSS LTO 
4 door, Loaded! ..................... $3689 
H E M P H ILL MCCOMBS 
FORD SOUTHSIDE 
19o1 SW M ilitary 922 631J 

737 -FORD 
737 I 

•72 FORD TORINO 
$1475, 922-3426 

$1997 
‘73 FORD LTD, loaded, excellent 
! condition, terms available, call 
Rick 
Hood or 
Fred 
Baron, 
341-5571________________________ 

72 FORD LTD S115o 
Runs perfect, looks good! 435-1641 

7 4 FO R D L T D 
Take over payments, no equity coll Credit Manager. 349-6948 

‘74 Ford W agon. A ir, loaded, 
85,ooo Hiway mi. Perfect int., ex­ cellent mech. cond. Very good tire*. $28oo or best otter. 435-8777. 
63 Ford Wagon. Good transpor­ tation. Looks and runs good. 
Small V8, 
16 mpg City. 3-spd. 
623-5281. 

‘74 Galaxie SOO, 37,ooo miles, 4 dr, vinyl top, power steering and brakes, air. $19oo 923-217o, 
'75 G ranada. 6 cyi , very econ­ omical. $32oo 344-7465 Or 732-7144 
■76 G RANAD A, $8oo equity, as­ sume payments Balance. $4o5o. only 11,ooo mi. 927-2583__________ 

$388 
'7o G A L A X IE ,a u to m a tic , a ir, terms available, call Rick Hood or 
Fred Baron, 341 5571 
CAIL 225 -1 66 6 

73 Gran Torino Wagon. Luggage rack, air, power steering, power brakes. A M -FM stereo, radials, excellent. $235o. 222 3oo6, 494 7373 
•72 Oran Torino Air, auto., dean. 
Good cond $994. 684-5358 atter 5. 

IS 225 1 6 6 6 
I X P U I S S A N O N E W S 

737 -FORD 

 n n m r r O R IN G S tatio n 
W agon. A ir, a u to m a tic 8,ooo miles 
Call: 
Steve 
Gasner, 
222-8611 
74 GRAN TO R IN O , excellent, 
$295o. Coll 6>4-1967. 
‘73 Gran Torino Squire wagon, needs body work $85o 432-7189 
NAVE 13 REPOSSESSED 
AUTOMOBILES 
WITH LITTLE CR ED IT 
AND SMALL EQ U ITY YOU 
Can Toke O ver These C a rs 
Today!! 
Coll: 
Joe 
Calderon 
222-8611 
_____________________ 

737 FORD 

K IN S E L F o rd -M e rcu ry 
Pleasanton, S A. Phone 626-2791 
*73 LTO, clean, 4 dr, oil power, crufs-o-matlc, air, J bbl. carbure­ tor, regular gas, I owner. $169$. 
342-o367. 
7$ LTD 2 dr, fully equipped, ex- cedent cond. 342-74o8. 433-1611. 
71 LTD. Power, o ir, excellent cond. Must sell! sites. 532-7494. 
'7o M averick, a ir, radio, auto, steel radials, must sell now! Make o ffe r. 226-411 1 days; 481-2965 nights and weekends. 
75 Maverick 2-door. 4, automatic. 
$245o Cot!: 533-337o 

737-FORD 
737 FORD t 

‘74 M averick. 2-dr., 4 cyt. Auto., air, $23oo. 349 4o93; 454-32o8. 
*6 Mushing Fastback, 289, new tires, low mileage. 922-4134 
•7o M averick, 2 dr, Acyl., auto, good condition. 434-5o47 
*5 Mustang Fastback Collector's I 
Item) $1?9J. Coll: 494-6356. 
'74 Maverick, power, air, AM-FM, 
Will trade, owner, $2,495. 349 2274. 
‘76 Mustang ll 
2 d r. hardtop. 
Call: 333-6o41 or 333 oo64 
‘71 M A V E R IC K , 3o2 VS, factory air, $1395. 224-o291; 226-o292 
'75 M ustang ll O hio. Loaded. 
$2295. Call 824-4214 , 342-8922. 
'66 MUSTANG, air, new tiros, au­ to, new motor. 458-8884 
‘7$ Mustang ii, Sew ml, auto, air, power, S27oo, 431-7283, 436-o923 
‘72 M USTANG C O N V E R TIB LE , new top, fires, and m oos; 351 
Cleveland, auto, power, air, $35oo. 
918 Melissa oH 77oo blk Bianco 
Rd. 

‘77 MUSTANG ll, 4,ooo ml. loaded 344-8527- 494-78/6 eves 
7 2 Mustang Mach I. Auto, air. 
Excellent 923-2525, after 5:3o p.m. 

“ " T u t r n r T m 
" 
— 
EXPRESS ANO NEW S 

737 FORD 

71 Mustang Moch I. 3o2 VS. std, J a ir, pow er. 24mpg. Uke new! owner, now $2495 341-2933 
MUSTANG, standard, '49. G condition. 654-6791 
‘47 Mustang 6 std. New tires, point. $1 ISO. After 6: 1-742-36o 

7 3 M U S T A N G 
Take over payments, no equity, coll Credit Manager, 3*9-948 
‘65 MUSTANG VS, standard, runs good $795 224 441o 

FL ACI Y O U * W A N T AO 
IN THI I X PRI SS NEW S 
C A H 22 5 1666 

-VT 

EX P R ES S .liP W f n P H W A D S 
A lin e s 
T E X A S S IZE S A V IN G S ... 
IO days 

NON COMMERCIAL! 
CANCELLABLE 
WITHOUT 
RATE CHANGE 
2 2 5 - I 6 6 6 
QUICK RESULTS! 

 m M3 AUTOMOBILES 

P a g e 2 3 - D 
San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday May 15 1977 

73o-743 AUTOMOBILES 
73o /43 AUTOMOBILES 
73o 743 AUTOMOBILES 
/3o 743AUTOMOBILES 
73o743-AUTOMOBILES 
73o-743 AUTOMOBILES 
73G743 AUTOMOBILES 
73o 743 AUTOMOBILES 
73o 743 AUTOMOBILES 

NEW '77 
G R A N A D A 4 
Door 

- 
9 
5188 'XX DOWN 

S t o c k N o 
3 1 b 6 air c o n d it io n e d , a u to m a t 

 ic., t i n t e d g l a s s , p o w e r s t e e r i n g w h i t e 

NEW '77 
MUSTANG ll 

• 7 7 f i 
\ 

DOWN 

 w h e e l c o v e r s 

CASH PRICE 

S to c k 
N o 
3 2 o 3 . 
2 .3 lite r, 
4 c y lin d e r , 
4 

 s p e e d , s t a n d a r d tr a n s m is s io n , w h i t e w a lls . 

 l l p a c k a g e , p in s tr ip e s 
G h ia w h e e l t o v 
$48o7 
W ith $ 1 8 8 D o w n on approved credit A n n u al per centage Rate of 12 68 
Deterred price $ 6 o 9 8 22 
Slate Ta* & licenie evcluded 
48 MONTHS AT $123.14 

CASH PRICE *3825 

NEW '77 
PINTO 2*Door 
I 
*188 'XX DOWN 

S t o c k 
N o 
4 3 6 8 . 
2 3 lite r . 
4 c y lin d e r 
4 

 s p e e d s t a n d a r d t r a n s m i s s i o n , ti o u t d is c 

 b r a k e s , v in y l b u c k e t s e a t s , w h i t e w a lls , 

 c a r p e tin g m in i c o n s o le 

NEW '77 
PICKUP TRUCK r » 

 s = r J warn 

7 7 D E M O 
LTD 2-Door 

DOWN 
DOWN 
DOWN 

W ith $ 1 88 D o w n on approved credit. A n nu al per centage rate 12 68 Deferred price $4842 o 8 State 
Ta* & licente excluded 
48 M ONTHS AT $96.96 

CASH PRICE *3253 
W ith $ 1 88 dow n on approved credit A nnual per centage rate 12 68 Deferred price $411o.o8. State 
T o* tk licente excluded 
48 MONTHS AT SSI.71 

S t o c k 
N o 
3 7 1 3 . 
3 o o C I D 
6 c y l i n d e r , 

 s t a n d a r d t r a n s m is s io n , a m p a n d o il g a u g e s . 

 e x t r a c o o lin g r a d ia to r h e a te r , b e h in d s e a t 

 s t o r a g e 

CASH PRICE 
W ith $ 1 8 8 d o w n on approved credit A n n u al per centage rate 12 68 Deferred price $49,11, State 
T a* a n d Ucente excluded 
48 MONTHS AT $98.4o 
*3879 

I S to c k N o 
.1 6 2 o air c o n d it io n e d , a u to m a t 
I ic . p o w e r s te e r in g , p o w e r f r o n t d is c b ta k e s 
| 3 o 2 V 8 w h ite w a ll s te e l b e lt e d tire s , re 
■ m o t e m ir r o r , tin t e d g la s s w h e e l c o v e r s 

S t o c k N o . 2 1 4 o an c o n d itio n e d a u t o m a t 

 ii p o w e r s t e e r in g p o w e r fr o n t disc b r a k e s 

3 6 1 
V 8 h a lf v in y l r o o f 
A M I M s t e r e o 

 r a d i o , v i n y l turn r e m o t e m i r r o r , t i n t e d 

 g la s s , w h e e l c o v e r s , 

CASH PRICE ‘55o9 
I W ith $188 dow n on appcovod erode Annuol poi 
| centage rote of 12 68 
Deferred price of $6996 
| State Tad and licente excluded 
I 
48 MONTHS AT $141.85 

CASH PRICE 5685 
W ith $ 1 8 8 d o w n on approved credit 
A n n u a l per centage rate of 12 68 Deferred price of $ 2 2 2 2 4o 
Stale la * a n d licente excluded 
48 MONTHS AT $146.55 
*3oo TO $5oo OFF ON USED CARS & TRUCKS 

2 3 1 1 B R O A D W A Y 6 2 2 7 - 1 4 1 5 

'72 GALAXIE 5oo. 4-door 
$ 998 
’ 4 IMPALA 2-door 
$2ooo 
74 AM C Matador, 2-door .................... $1675 
T i AM C Ambassador Wagon 
$1375 
7 3 BUICK, 4 door 
........................... 
$1998 
71 TORINO, 4-door 
........................... $ 875 
'7o VOLKSWAGEN, 2 door 
$ 99o 
7o MERCURY Station Wagon 
$ 998 
'76 PINTO Squire Runabout 
$3395 
7 6 MAVERICK 2 doer 
...................... $3495 
7 6 TOYOTA. 2 door 
$3295 
76 HONDA CVCC Hatchback 
$2895 
66 MUSTANG 
.............................. 
$1495 
68 COUGAR 
................................ 
$1395 
'7o COUGAR 
.................................. $1795 
69 VOLKSWAGEN, 2-door 
$ 998 
68 MUSTANG 
................................. 
$1395 
’71 MUSTANG 
$2295 
72 DODGE DART Swinger, 2-door 
$2195 
7 2 PINTO. 2 door 
......................... 
$1595 
7 3 CAPRI, 2 door ............................... $1895 
'74 PINTO, 2-door .............................. $1995 
'74 VALIANT, 4 door ...................... 
$2695 
'75 PINTO Runabout 
................... $2595 
'75 M USTANG 2-door 
........................ $3295 
7 3 PINTO Station Wagon .................... $1995 
'7 6 V O L K S W A G E N Station Bus, 4,ooo m ile s............................................ $4695 

2311 B R O A D W A Y # 227.141 S 

'72 VOLKSWAGEN Station B u s 
$2295 
75 PLYMOUTH Station Wagon 
$3195 
'74 GRAN Torino, 8-pass wagon .......... $3695 
'74 GRAN Torino Wagon ..................... $2895 
72 CADILLAC Sedan Deville.... ............. $2495 
'76 CADILLAC Coupe Deville.... .............. $8795 
72 BUICK LeSabre, 2-door 
$1795 
73 THUNDERBIRD, 2-door.................... $3795 
75 THUNDERBIRD 2-dooi ................... $5595 
73 GRAND Prix ................................. $3395 
74 GRAND Prix .................................. $379.5 
74 LINCOLN Continental Town Car 
$3995 
'73 LINCOLN Continental Town Car 
$3395 
'73 LINCOLN Mark IV .......................... $5395 
71 LINCOLN Mark IV ......................... 
$2995 
7 4 LTD Landau, 4-door 
$4995 
76 OLDSMOBILE 98 Regency, 4-door 
$6395 
'74 OLDSMOBILE Delta 88, 4-door 
$2995 
'74 LTD Brougham, 4-door.................... $3295 
'74 BUICK Century Luxus, 2-door .......... $3195 
7 5 LTD Landau, 2-door 
$3895 
73 LEMANS, 2-door 
........................ 
$1675 
7 4 MERCURY, 4-door.......................... $1975 
'71 DODGE Dart, 2-door....................... $1795 
72 CHEVY Nova, 2-door...................... $1995 
'74 M USTANG l l .................................. $2895 
'75 MAVERICK, 4-door......................... $3195 
'72 TORONADO .................................. $1795 
'71 MERCURY Monterey, 2-door............. $1795 

275S S.W. M ILITARY DR. 923-4541 

'73 CHEVROLET Monte Carlo V - 8 ............ $3395 
7 3 PONTIAC Gran Prix, V-8, autom atic.... $3295 
'72 CHEVROLET Impala 2-door, V-8 
..... $1895 
'75 FORD F-15o Ranger XLT Pickup V-8 .... $4395 
'75 BUICK Electra 225 Limited, 4-door 
$4795 
7 4 FORD Golaxie 5oo,4-door, V - 8 ......... $2595 
'67 GALAXIE 5oo4-door, V-8, auto oir 
$1295 
'66 CHEVROLET Stepside Pickup, 6 cyl .... $1195 

69 FORD E l OO Cargo Van, 6 cylinder 
'1195 
74 CHEVROLET Impala. 4-door, V 8 auto 
'26o5 
7 3 DODGE 'h ton SW S Pickup 6 cylinder 
$2295 
7 3 CHRYSLER Newport. 2-door hardtop 
$1695 
73 FORD LTD, 2-door, hardtop, V-8, auto 
$2495 
7 3 CHEVROLET Caprice. 4-door hardtop 
$2295 
49 FORD 4-door 6 cylinder standard 
$1695 
7 4 DODGE Tradesman IOO Von, 6 cylin­ der standard 
$3395 

76 FORD LTD Landau, 4 door V-8, auto 
$4995 
'75 GRAN Torino, 4-door V-8, auto , air .... $2995 
'75 BUICK Century, 2-door V-8, auto., air 
$3795 
'75 MAVERICK 4-aoor 6 cylinder, auto 
$2995 
75 FORD LTD 4-door V-8, automatic, air ... $3395 
'75 VOLKSWAGEN Rabbit 4-door, 4 cyl 
$2995 
7 4 GRAN Torino Station Wagon, V-8 ..... $3595 
74 OLDSMOBILE Cutlass Supreme, 2-door 
$3495 
'73 LTD Brougham, 4-door, V-8, automatic 
$2595 
7 3 CHEVROLET Impala 4-door, V-8, auto 
$1995 

2o14 GOLIAD RD. • 333-672o 
'76 FORD F25o Texas Ranger XLT ......... $5995 
'75 FORD LTD, 4-door, air, power ......... $3695 
'77 OLDSMOBILE Cutlass Brougham, 2- door, loaded, stereo, AM-FM 
SAVE 
7 7 MERCURY Cougar XR7, 2-door, loaded 
SAVE 
'74 FORD Torino Coupe air power 
$3o95 

'77 LINCOLN MARK V, Bill Bloss, sunroof 
SAVE 
'75 CHEVROLET Nova 2-dooi, V-8 outo mafic, air power, 2o,ooo miles 
$3295 
'7o OLDSMOBILE Cutlass, 2-door, oir, pow­ er 33.OOO m iles............................ $2895 
'76 CHEVROLET Silverado Pickup loaded 
$5495 
'75 FORD FI OO Pickup, 6 cylinder, stand­ ard, radio heater 
$3695 
'72 FORD HO O Sport Custom, air, power 
$2795 
'74 FORD F1oo, 6 cylinder, standard, air . $3295 
73 AM C Gremlin, V-8, auto air, power steerina ...... ................................ $1595 
76 CADILLAC Coupe Deville, loaded, black on b la c k ...................................... 
$8895 
7 5 FORD THUNDERBIRD, Silverlux, looded $5995 
'76 FORD E25o Chateau Club Wagon, 12 passenger ................................... 
$6995 
7 2 PLYMOUTH Fury, 4-door, air, power 
$1395 
'75 FORD Pinto, 2-door, 4 cylinder, auto­ matic, air, AM-FM, 14,OOO miles ...... $3295 
7 5 FORD Pinto 2-door, 4 cylinder, stand­ ard, radio, 2o,ooo m iles................. $2595 
71 FORD Torino 4-door, V-8, auto., o it * 
^ p o w e r s t e e r i n g ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ - ^ ^ $ 2 4 9 5 ^ 

1722 AUSTIN HWY. O 826. 

7 5 FORD Granada, 2-door ................ 
68 RAMBLER Ambassador W agon 
'72 FORD Gran Torino, 4-door 
74 OLDSMOBILE 88 4 door 
7 3 FORD Country Sedan W agon ........ 
'75 FORD Elite................................... 
'74 CHEVY Impala, 4-door 
7 2 PONTIAC LeMans ........................ 
73 FORD Gala <ie 5oo 4-door 
75 INTERNATIONAL SCOUT 4x4 
74 BUICK REGAL 4 door 
................. 
68 LINCOLN CONTINENTAL 2-door 
74 FORD Explorer Pickup 
7 3 GM C Sprit Pickup 
7 4 FORD Ranger Pickup 
7 4 DATSUN Coupe 
73 OLDS 88 4-door 
'71 FORD Pickup & Camper Cover 
'73 FORD LTD 4-door 
'71 FORD Golaxie 5oo 4-door 
7 2 CHEVY Pickup.............................. 
'76 PONTIAC Grand Prix 2-door hardtop 
'75 FORD Gran Torino 2-door hardtop 
7 3 FORD Gran Torino Squire Wagon 

7 2 FORD Galoxte 5oo 4-door .............. 
7 5 MERCURY Montego M X 4-door 
'74 MALIBU Classic 2-door hardtop 
..... 
7 4 FORD LTD Brougham 4-door .......... 
71 CHEVROLET Malibu 2-door hardtop 

3287 
$3464 
$ 556 
$1824 
$321o 
$2283 
$4188 
$2847 
$1825 
$2293 
$4785 
$2987 
$ 898 

$285o 
$2363 
$3382 
$19/6 
$1795 
$1955 
$238o 
$145o 
$1878 
$‘,688 
$2795 
$2764 

$2188 
$2956 
$2844 
$3263 
$1874 

TRUCK & JH P DIPT 
2411 BR O A D W AY • 227.141o 
71 FORD E-1oo SWB Corgo Van 8 cylin­ der auto air 
..................... 
$2387 
'76 CHEVROLET ‘M o n IWB Pickup. 8, 4- sp e e d ..................................... 
$3992 
7 4 CHEVROLET Cheyenne, % -ton IW B 4 wheel drive, 8 auto, air, power 
$39o6 
7 4 FORD F35o Super Camper Special, with overhead compel, loaded 
$6388 
'74 CH EVRO LET El Camino Pickup 
8 auto air, power 
$3733 
74 CHEVROLET M o n Custom IWB Pickup 
8 auto., air, power 
$2687 
75 CHEVROLET 6-ton Custom IWB Pickup 
8 auto , air, power, camper shell 
$3999 
7 5 CHEVROLET '/Mon SW S Pickup, 6, standard, radio, heater 
$3688 
75 FORD F-15o M o n IW B Pickup, 8 standard, radio, heater, power steer­ ing 
.......... 
$3586 
75 P LY M O U T H Voyager. 5-passenger w agon, V-8, standard, only 25.ooo miles .......................................... 
$37o4 
'75 FORD F25o SW B Super Cab, 8, 4 speed, radio, power steering, power brakes, a ir .................................. $3997 
'75 FORD F1oo M o n IW B Ranger Pickup, 
8, auto , ait, power ....................... $39o1 
'75 TOYOTA Pickup, 4 cylinder, 4 speed, radio, heater, camper tent 
_________$2999 
GILLESPIE 
'u n i 

23oo BROADWAY o 227-1411 
2311 BROADWAY o 227.1415 
2411 BROADWAY o 227-1419 
2755 S.W. MILITARY DR.• 923454! 
2o14 GOLIAD RD. o 333472o 
1722 AUSTIN HWY. 
# 826-3287 

NEW CAR TRADE-INS 

• D E A L E R S W E L C O M E • 
★ CARS SO L D AS IS ★ 

' 7 
o D I M T G Runabout, 4 speed, air, runs good. 
I t r I N I U needs o littly body work 

T L O s / i s i B n f Standard. 
AM radio, interior 
O O V W B U ) carpeted 

1 7 1 r t A v n s i t Station wagon, 4 door, 4 speed, 
/ I D A T S U N l eeds tires' 

’ 7 7 A i n e G O <’,a,ion w a9o'' ' automatic, air, 
I t 
U L U ) 7 o power steering, runs good 

7 o MONTI CARLO S f i/ " J 

 needs muffler 
7 4 PLYMOUTH ^ J J t iS w S i 

 miles 

’ 7 7 I 
A A A A lf 2 
',oo' automatic. OII power 
/ I l e m 
A 
N 
J Steering burkei seats 
72 TOYOTA ^,an<*,jr^ a" nec<*' 

7 3 GRAND TORINO automatic, air, 

L power steeling, bucket st als, lope deck 

Station wagon, 4 speed, air, luggage 
* J 5 P I N T O cark, 67.ooo miles 

Torino. 4 door, automatic, air, power 

Steeling 

B l l l f i f automatic, air power 
O D U I v l X steering, powei windows 

 u t 

 f 4 fORD 

AM PM 
T J A rt| n e Custom Cruiser wagon, all power, air, m t H V I I # 3 89,ooo miles e n r w y Impala station wagon, automatic, j [ J t n t V I air, power steering 74,ooo miles, 
M runs and looks good 

• r e m o n I T H * ^oor’ outomot,t- air’ P°wer 
■ / J r U K U L I U steeling, power brokes, AM- 
IM, vinyl top f j r b i l i f t / Century 2 door, automatic, on, power 
T J O U l l f x steering, AM tape, landau roof, Si,OOO S J 4 Q o 

* 625 

* 985 

*1o75 

*1o75 

1o5o 

*155o 

*165o 
*165o 

795o 

*1975 

*225o 

*235o 
*255o 

*2575 

*315o 

ZI THUNDERBIRD l Pnr orf °nd °'r 
*485o 

7 o FI oo XLT JST*- 
,u"4 
" J O n n n r f R'ck up Custom, 2oo auto 
/ O U U U v t matte, long narrow bed, power steering, power brakes, needs air conditioner rompiessor 
Squire, automatic, air, power steering, 
84 OOO miles 
73 RANCHERO 

 er steering, power brakes 
Custom ti OO automatic. 

 r q q Ranger XU outomotK, on, pow 

7 4 FORD power steering, power brakes, runs good, mileage unknown r y e C M C ®eau ^omes' automatic, air, 
I J U lw lV. povver steering, power brokes, 
AM - FM, tilt wheel, cruise control, 66,ooo miles .......................... ............... 

*1175 

*199o 

*2375 
*245o 

*265o 

*415o 

N O R TH C EN TR AL FORD 

98oo SAN PEDRO OPEN SUNDAY 341-oo4o 

738 LINCOLN 

•73 L IN C O L N Continental, all power, gold and white, block leather interior. 696-9757 
•73 Lincoln 4 dr sedan, mint con­ dition, 34,ooo careful miles, load­ ed. t owner, S38oo. Call Mrs. Hay, 
333-621o 8:3o to 4. 
Lincoln Mark IV 76, rose on rose, 
19,ooo miles. $95oo. 824 o254; after 
4 and weekends, 344-7747. 
75 LINCOLN M A R K IV. I owner, all white. Lipstick white interior. 
Am-fm stereo tope deck. Michelin tires, all electric accessories. Top condition. 227 3441 weekdays only 
73 Mark IV, $'^8oo. ‘74 Continental 
Sedan, $45oo. ‘7o Continental 
Sedan, $15oo Individual 344 3oo1. 
73 Mark IV. Extra nice. Sunroof, loaded $51oo Call: 494-61S7. 
M A R K IV 74 Loaded, excellent condition. Coll: 653-7171. 

739 - MERCURY 
•76 Comet. 2-dr . 6,ooo miles Air, power, 3-speed. AM -FM , like newt 
$2995 656-537o. 
76 Comet, 4 dr, power, air, radio, auto. 673-o562 925 2o57 
’73 COUGAR SI 995 
Air, auto, vinyl top. 435 1641 
68 COUGAR ?-dr Hardtop 
K IN N E Y M O TO RS 
3928 Broadway 
828-2213 
75 Cougar, loaded, 15,ooo mi. 
$45oo, will trade. 653-3883 
7o Cougar XR-7. Clean, excellent cond. $1395. Days: 655-1171; after 
6 653-8455______________________ 

1972, COUGAR XR7. L O A D ED !! 
Take up payments. Call: 225-65o1. must ask for Don Holtz 
76 Marauis. dark brown, less than 13,ooo miles, 2 dr, many ex­ tras, must see to appreciate. 
$5295 684-5773 after 5 pm._______ 
1971 M ARQ U IS 2-door All power. 
A-l condition. Most beautiful 71 in town. Call: Bob Puente, 222-8611 
I'7 5 M arquis. 4-dr., vin yl too, power, air, A M -FM stereo. $445o. 
658-6o78 after 5 p.m. 
‘74 M A R Q U IS WAGON 
$2675 
684-2192 
75 Mercury Colony Park Wagon. 
Loaded. $3975. 222-1342. 

OVER STOCKED 
M U ST REDUCE IN V E N T O R Y ! 

W A S 
’77 CHEVY o m d 'a ir, \ , o o o m tio i IT T ? . '4795 
’75 PACER ?M':.ao,°:'. °'.r: e:u“8'.AM“. .'3595 
’76 CHEVY » . ; . ^ a . : o opp'- . 533 9 5 
75 OLDS (6 o -4 o se a t, a b e a u tlfu / c a ?^ . * . '4695 
75 FORD a ir, a b e a u tifu l little c o r * 
539 9 5 

* 7 C r U C \ / V 
N o v o I N cou p e , re d w / r e d f j i n c V V b u c k e ts, 
5.7 
Liter, o u to ., 
’sO Q O C p o w e r ste e rin g, try this o n e . . C f / J 
TVC r u r x t s f W o n io 7 + 7, a b e a u tifu l c o r 
SO r o c f j l H C V T w ith auto- a n d a ir .................. 
J J T } 

2 -d o r. H a tch b a ck, 
*2295 

'2195 

3595 
2995 
3695 s2395 
'2495 
'2495 
'2895 

’TC \ / t r A 
2 -dor. H a t f O V t u A auto , re d 

74 VEGA auto., o i r ............................ . 
171 m r L I V 
4 w h e e l d riv e pickup. 
/ 4 C H E V Y 
Ix t r o g o o d c o n d it io n ......... 
, _ . , l l r l . u 
N o v o , 2 dr , V S , aute, air, 
74 CHEVY 
...................... 
T o ro n a d o , e x t r a nice fu lly e q u ip p e d , 
'74 OLDS 
74 PINTO air. a u t o ............................... 
74 BUICK e q u ip p e d 
........................ 
( e n r n n n 
G o lo x ie 5 o o , 2-dr. HT, p o w e * 
/ J r U K U a n d oir, e x tra n i c e ............... 

’ T O D I H ick / C e n tu ry 2 -d r. HT fully e q u ip - 
/ J Q U I C K p o d , tike n e w .................. 

.’2895 
'2495 
'1995 
'1995 

N O W 
'4295 
‘3195 
‘2995 
‘3995 
‘3795 

2695 
2995 
'1895 
'1695 
‘2995 
'2695 
'3195 
‘1995 
'2o95 
'1995 

2395 
'2395 
'2295 
'1895 
‘1695 
‘1695 

73 buick z r ? o Z r a. r * \ r . T : . r . r: 2995 
1 y n a i n r C u tla ss 
" S " 
2-d r. 
HT, au to., 
/ J U L U J p o w e r a n d air, a b e a u tifu l c a r . 
1 
OLDS 
4 ’ t*r NT,fu lly e q u ip p e d . 

’ 7 o [ A n n lT D B ro u g h a m , 4 -d r., lo a d e d , 
I t r U K U e x t r a n i c e .............................. . 

 t w x f | J C \ / 
Im p a la , 
4 -d r., air, p o w e r. 
/ I C l i C V . d r iv e to a p p r e c ia t e . . . . . . . . . 
1 o o % W A RRAN TY 
On Motor, Trans., Rear End For 3o Days or 2,ooo Mi. 
T E X A S A L T O SA L E S 

2 L o c a t i o n s 
2211 S.W . Military Dr. 
923-4341 
1516 S.W . Military Dr. 
923-o737 

75 Mercury Cougar. Must sell! 
$3775. Call: 222-1342. 
‘72 M E R C U R Y M A R Q U IS 51195 oir, outo. very clean 435-1641 
74 M olltlf9o M X stereo, vinyl too, 
494-1569. 

Air, A M -F M power, $27oo 

74o OLDSMOBILE 

74o OLDSMOBILE 
74o OLDSMOBILE 

1968 Olds ‘98’, 455 A ir Power brakes, steering, windows, seats. 
$6oo 736-47o4 

Take over payments, no equity 7$ 
Olds Cutlass Call- 824-76o6 after 
7: 494-5734 
71 O LDS 88 11575 
CA LL: 922-3426 

Clean 1976 Used Cars Af: 
BUDGET R EN T A CAR-349-4443 
338 N.E. Loop 41o at Airport Blvd. 
76 Cutlass Brougham , loaded, extras. $5ooo or best otter 349-2911 
C U T LA SS C O N V E R T IB L E 72. 
Gold. $3ooo firm. Fred: 342-2332; 
826-4814. 
‘74 Cutlass Custom Cruiser 9 pas­ senger, all power, fully loaded, 
$3ooo firm. 824-9673, 8om-Spm. 

'72 OLDS Delta 88 2-door hardtop, extra clean, all power, factory air, $1495. 9o%financing available 
224 441o 

1972 TO RO N ADO , doctors wifes cor, all power, locks and win­ dows, power seat, air, low mi. 
Very clean. 344-4697 atter 6PM 
71 Toronado. good running cond . good tires. $795 648-23o1 
75 Olds Delta 88 Low mileage 
Excellent cond. Loaded 828 8626. 
73 OLDS Delta 88. 5o,ooo mi. Good cond. $2o95 696-3816 
7o Olds F85, needs work. $6oo. 
653-o485 after 3 nm. 
73 Olds ‘88' H.T. $1595, Loaded 
Clean Can finance 435-1641 

■72 CU TLASS 4-door $1195. Fine condition! Air. 435-1641 
72 Cutlass, good cond , $21oo, no equity. 732-356o after 4 pm.______ 

73?-FORD 
737 FORD 

72 C U T L A S S , LO W M IL E S . 
828-6355, atter 7. 696-o3o3 

M U ST S E L L 1975 Pinto Squire: 
Wagon, V6, automatic, air condi- 
76 Pinto Runabout, air, power honed, A M -F M stereo, low steering, under 3ooo mi. 432-3313 
J K I’5,oo or best °Her 
/ 3 PIN TO , 4 speed, real nice. 
I 512:62S-9239___________________ I $1195 494-5313.______________ ___ 
Plc£uE RoVU’S ?i‘-,£n,rnv 
Pin 
TJ Pinto, 4 speed oir, new tires, I to Call Herb 225-79o$. ownei i8?5 cush_ 82A oo64. 

76 Cutlass Supreme, loaded, orig. owner, good buy 691-16o8 
'73 Cutlass Suprem e, 1-owner. 
Excellent. 
828-6355, atter 
7:-696-o3o3 
74 Cutlass Supreme. Very clean! 
828-6355, atter 7:-696-o3o3 

•71 Pinto, auto, air, 28 mpg, recent overhaul, $12oo 655-9235 
1975 PINTO, automatic, air con­ ditioned Lu xu ry decor giouD 
Economical beauty!! Cath ED- 
GEHOUSE, 222 8611 
•76 Pinto. 2-door, air, heater, radio Excellent condition $25oo 
225-6721 Eves: 826 5394 
Pinto 2-door 1973-26,5oo miles 
New tires. Auto. $15oo-822-3996 
71 PINTO GOOD CO ND ITIO N 
CALL: 696-3457_________________ 
■75 Pinto Runabout Loaded, 
Sacrifice! rf95o. Call 533-337o 

- $697 
’72 P IN T O Runabout, term s evadable, call Rick Hood or Fred 
Baron, 34M571 

73 Pinto Squire station wagon, 
57,ooo in,, SHOO aft 5 699-1359 
Take up payments on my 1976 
Granada Call Herb, 225-79o9 
•64 T B IR D 
GOOD CONDITION 658 9269 

‘74 Cutlass Supreme, landau roof, bucket seats, mag wheels, very clean. 734-4917 anytime 
75 Cutlass Supreme, sharp, many extras, I owner $43oo. 659-1187. 
7o Cutlass SX 45S vinyl top, pawer windows, 2 dr $15oo. 349-7o77. 

75 T H U N D E R B I R D 
Take over payments, no equity, call Credit Manager, 349-6948 

74 TORINO. $1595 
68o3 S. Flores i 69 Torino Isogon . Power, air, auto., 351 VS $895. 653-2oo3. 

738 LINCOLN 

EXPRtSS AND NEWS 

1967 Lincoln Continental, $6oo. 
1965 Chrysler $35o Very clean, good condition. 534-574o 

■75 Delta 88 Royale. Tap cond., all power, air, eiec. windows. Cruise control, etc. 19,75o milos. Novo new car. Best reasonable offer. 
696-7585 
Going overseas, mutt soil ‘76 Ta ronodo. loaded, best offer 673-1492 
Hertz It M i l QMty 
Used Cars From Our Rental Fleet 
(1976 Used) 
1331 SOUTH T E R M IN A L 
For Information Cell: 826-9665 
IS 225-16o6 
EXPRESS ANO N6WS 

OLDS ‘88', 72 . 4o,ooo miles. Like new! $1583, or take up payments. 
Coll: 225-45o1, must ask for Don 
Holtz 

73 TORONADO Hardtop, Luxury coupe, e xtra clean, fully equipped. All power, factory air, must see to appreciate $1995 9o% 
(inancinq available 224-441o 
72 Toronado loaded, clean good cond. $1995. 333-5355 or 534-554o 
68 TO RO NADO . very good con dition. $12oo 674-3o83. 

71 Oldsmobile 98, loaded, good condition. $1395. 822-9568. 
'76 O lds O m ega. 4-dr, low mileage. $3855. Call: 661-6498. 

1976 Torondo Brougham, still in warranty, 7,ooo miles, fully looded including am -fm tape, cruise, power seats and window s, radials, must sell bv Mondavi 
$65oo firm! 341-19o7 or 226-5526. 

 l741-PtfM8OTII 
75 P LY M O U T H VA LIA N T 6 Cyl 
Fully Equipped. 17,ooo Miles. I 
Owner. 684-3/19 
'64 Valiant, new starter, alterna­ tor; 6 cyl 2o mpg, auto, $25o. 
922-9o89 

742 PONTIAC 
68 Bonneville, good transporta­ tion, $5oo or best otter. Call atter 4 pm weekdays, 828-65S8 
•77 Bonneville Brougham Black on block 
Loaded I 4.ooo miles. 
$695o-1-899-2o65 
•67 Catalina 2 dr hardtop, excel- lent throughout $55o 826 2485 
7o CA TA LIN A 
Fully loaded Immaculate in and out 
Perfect lady's cor 
$895 
337 58o2 

‘74 D U S T E R , $2195. or best otter, 22.ooo mi, auto, air, power. 494-23o8 
77 Firebird Esprit looded best otter over $5ooo 333 1841 
72 F IR E B IR D , loaded, extra nice 
$2295 924-6416 
72 F ire b ird Loaded! Clean 
828-6355, after 7 -696 o3o3 
7 2 F IR E B IR D , loaded Auto, clean $1695. 733 8o76 
1976 F IR E B IR D . 1-owner Load eel 826 965ft, 695-8o56 
1973 F IR E IRO, 1-owner. Loaded! 
826 9565, »95 8o56 
76 Grand Prix, air, power, stereo, 
19,ooo mi $4695 653-3221 
74 Gland Prix. Loaded. AM FM stereo Extra, extra clean inside ond out! $3685. 494-6684 
'75 G rand 
P rix , L O A D E D ! 
828 6355, after 7:-696-o3o3 
72 Cran Prix. Excellent condi­ tion Loaded. Best otter 342-358o. 
67 O r a n P r i x 
Loaded, I owner 
Excellent cond $795. 655-3o38 
74 G R A N P R IX , loaded, nice. 
Take up payments, 924-6671 
74 Gran Prix SJ. loaded. I owner, 
$3695 225-5493; 826-2377 

’76 G R A N P R IX 
Take over payments, no equity. 
Coll Credit Manager, 349-6948 
'71 L e M o n s Sport, 2dr, auto, p o w e r, a ir, I o w n e r $15oo 695 935/ 
73 LE MANS, standard $185o 
226-o291; 226-o292 
LIT TLE 74 PO NTIAC CATALIN- 
A F A M IL Y S E D A N GAS SAV­ 
ING C R U IS E C O N TRO L COLD 
AIR LOW M IL E S . L IK E NEW 
R A D IAL T IR ES. SU P E R CLEAN 
IN AND O U T!! A SK IN G O NLY 
$188o CASH NO TRAD E. 828-6959 
72 Luxury LeMons, one owner, 
4o,ooo miles. 
828-6355, otter 
7: 696-o3o3 

CA VENDER’S 
“ SPECIALS” 

. / l a n m 
A i N H Comino Classic, factory air,. M n n r 
76 CHEVROLET oil power and extras, shorp. .. 4995 

’ T C D i ll / * ! / fl«c,ro 225 Custom coupe, factory air, 
, n r 
I J B U I C K all power and extras, de an ................. 
J O V i 
, - . 
Toronado Coupe, factory air, all power 
I J U L U } and extras. Special 
*5495 
/ i i r \ f Delta 88 Holiday Sedan, factory air, all l O R O C 
/ J O L D ) power and extras, vinyl top, d e a n x 4 Y J 

74 OLDS 
Cutlass Salon, 4-door, factory air, all } power and extras, d e a n ................ 
3695 
, 7 C e n XR7 coupe, foctory oir, all power J 4 i > o c 
75 COUGAR and extras, like new...................‘4695 y’j L A l IT C Ctdlo** Supreme Coupe, factory air, all $ C o Q C 
/ O O L D ) power and extras, stereo, m a g s ............ 
5 / 7 J 

74 PLYMOUTH air, automatic, w as $2995.. 7. *2695 

'T C n i n e O O Agency Coupe, factory oir, all ic > . o r 
I J O L D ) Y O power and extras, lt$18o, Special 
5 4 Y 5 
, j , . Q n Granada Ghia, 11,ooo miles, loaded k a l esc 
I t ) r O K U with extras................................................ 
4 6 Y 5 
’ 7 o M E D / * ! I D V Mon,*9° Brougham, coupe, factory 
. q - 
/ X l Y l t K C U K Y air, all power and extras, special . X I Y J 

, 7 4 /\| rsc Custom Cruiser station wagon, factory 
7 4 O L D ) air, oil power and extras roof rock a O Y 5 

 t i l i i r n / n n v Monarch 4-door, factory air, a l l . j . f t - l o m c K C U R Y power, and extras, low mileage 
4 4 V 5 n i n e ^u,*oss Supreme Coupe, factory air, ail j . . . . 
/ 3 O L D ) power and extras, "good looking ‘......... J I V j 

 w w /-ti r te 98 luxury Sedan, factory air, all power 
, f l c 
67 O L D ) and extras SHARP............................... 
I I Y 5 

12,ooo MILE OR 12 MONTH MOTORS INSURANCE CORP. 
MECHANICAL INSURANCE AVAILABLE ON MANY OF OUR 
7 4 OR NEWER MODELS 
“CONFIDENCE IS CA V EN DER’ * 
Cavender Oldsmobile Co. 
1oo1 Broadway • 226-7357 • 226-8772 

746 m u c k s t comm m u m , nests 
746 TRUCKS 8 COMMERCIAL m u m , Busts 
. 

65 Chevy, L WB, automatic, oir I 
D R IV E IN TRUCK SALVAG E condrtioned. 344 9952 att 6pm j 
P IC K U P TRUCK PARTS 
63*Chevy Pickup truck. 7SEinTi7 
H* * 9» « » ! »?< overhauled molar, 923-6341 
1974 E3oo Ford window van, new 
67 Chevy Pickup, runs good, uses oil $5oo or best offer 736-2469, l?iC' 
•« 
o c evenings and weekends I 755-4629 
76 Chevy Pickup, camper shell, carpet, awning platform for mat tress After 5pm 661 4774 
76 E L C A M IN O 
18,ooo actual miles Aute arr. pawer windows, tilt wheel, cruise. swing out seats Looks like new 
Reduced to 
$4495 call 
Jim. 
AAI 4511 

77 Chevy pickup % ton, black. 
Sport Pkg Extra H D tires $15oo eauity or trade far 7o ElCamlno 
________________ 71 ElCam ino 35o, auto , air. Gem 
76 C H E V Y Pickup 
'» ton LWB top camper $185o 657 2oo9 with or without camper 
$4,ooo 
74 eiCnm.no DeLuxe w n T .a l' ley whls, tilt whl air, pwr steer- 
626-1544 
68 Chevy PU, LWB, 327 Stan- dard Headers. $13oo 224-4231, ing, $3685 brokes 1625 3o58 
J 73 El Camino, Mags, new paintT 
Ar°h*rkh!eiS<W otr, good cond $265o 43$ 2317 
68 ElCam lno Orange and white. 
,.L 
A*®1? Y.°JLS ^ * 1 ‘.SY1 good cond $97$ firm 826-3562 
Std., good cond $15oo I 249-3785 
— — — ......;— 
— :— z— 
— t *9 El Cam ino Power, air, 
68 Chevy SWB 6 standard Good truck $785 494 2724 
74 CHEVY V? T. $1695 
Long wide. 68o3 S Flores 
74 CHE VY 1 / ton, auto, air 52965 coll Jim, 661 4511 
74 Chevy '? Ion Custom pickup 
Loaded, low mileage Reasona blo 734-48o/ otter 4 p m 
76 Chevy I ton 464 eng , 4 spd 
428 Nomor 8,ooo lb winch 4,ooo miles 6/4-o548 

 shocks, standard Good second car, excellent workhorse SHOO 
Atter 6 pm, 732-9392 
75 Ford 6, auto, air ...... $317$ 
73 Ford Explorer, laoded 
$247$ 
73 Ford V-8. outo, LWB 
$187$ 
2o2 New Laredo Hwy-924-2211 
7o Ford Bronco. 4 wheel drive 
Air. Extra clean! 5)ooo 648 o48o 
•7$ Ford Club Cab % Ion pickup 
4 sod $363o $33 33/o 

63 C H E V Y P i ton Flatbed, VS 
136oo Babcock at Hausman Rd 
74 Chevy % ton Loaded! Excel lent 828-6355, after 7 696 o3o3 
75 Chevy '■» ton pickup $27oo or make offer Coll 349-3121 
73 C H E V Y i j ton pickup 6 cyl standard 
New paint 
$23oo 
661 4511 
1971 Chevy’ /ton, V-8. stand LWB 
Perfect, $1,495 635-3391 

74 C H E V Y V A N $3995 
Beauvilte 3o, fully equipped, low mileage 
Excellent condition 
494 23o8 

742 PONTIAC 

Take over payments on 76 Bon­ neville Brougham Stereo radio, tape deck, all power. D ays: 
925-749! eves: 494-1165 
1966 Tem pest Custom /-door hardtop. V B, standard, air, Econ­ omy car $55o 734 8431 

'72 L U X U R Y L E M A N S , 2-dr hardtop, loaded, air, power Op­ tional, 924-6416 
‘71 PO NTIAC Catalina, 4 door, I owner, extra nice $1o5o 344-1o76; 
349-1o42 
1976 Pontiac Firebird ' ‘Esprit". 
Beautiful-Stereo, power, air. 
Cherry condition. Call: J A Gar­ za, 222-8611 
•76 Pontiac Grand Prix LJ. Load­ ed, low m iles, like new. $57oo 
656-o237 otter S p.m. 

1974 OLDS ’88' $1788, or take up payments. Coll: 225-65o1, must ask for Don Holt; 

741 ■ PtlM M ini 

'76 P ontiac G ra n P rix. Fully looded. 826-9565, 695-8o56 

76 Olds 98 Regency. Firem lst 
Burgundy, loaded $72oo. Mr. 
King: 684-222o; 735-o2o2. 
75 Olds Startire Sports Coupe. std, oir, radio. $2995 69o 8975 
7$ Olds Startire. V6, radio, no air 
17,ooo miles. Looks ond runs like new! $23oo 494-6563 after 5:3o; anytime weekends 
‘72 Olds Toronado, white-black vinyl top 55,ooo miles, new steel belted radials, A M -F M stereo 8 track, air + all power. $1595. Call 
Mr. Fielder 534-1628, 923-4366 

$5oo 
‘68 O LDS TO RO N ADO 
______653-7o96 
YI Olds Toronado Looks like new. Excellent condition. $1595. 
655-2947. 

197o D U ST ER , 6 cyl. clean. $75o 
Make offer. 732-3824________ 
74 Duster. 6 cyl.,' $3oo equity. 
Monthly paym ents $95 or refin- once 69o-o1o9 atter 6:3o.________ 
'67 FU R Y ll 4 door, air. all power, 
$35o. 342-7927___________________ 
74 FU R Y 111,2-door 51895 Load- ed cess than loan value 435-1641 
75 Grand Fury Custom Sedan, all extras, cruise, 3o.ooo mi $2895, bv owner 653-67o5 eves 
•71 Plymouth Duster Air auto., power steering. E x tra clean 
$1o95. 655-6184 otter 5:3o________ 
73 Plymouth Fury III 4 dr sedan 
VS, air, power, $17oo 734-8256. 
‘73 P L Y M O U T H Fury III, 4 dr 
Sedan, good condition. $1195 
Luling, 1-875-2138 

Pontiac 74 Gran Ville, excellent m ech an ical condition. 
Call 
I 657-oo21 or 341-185o 
74 Pontiac Granville 
2 door Sport Coupe, loaded! Only 
4o,ooo miles ....................$3395 
JAM ISO N Mtrs. Sequin. 223 52o1 
Pontiac '67 GTO. auto, air. Very good! 1-438-7294 

'65 Tempest Wagon Overhauled 
326 Good transportation $5oo or best otter 432-6386, 923-7415 

76 T R A N S A M 
455 cu in. 4 bbl. 4-speed, all black, air. am-fm stereo, 8 track All power, including windows, door locks, tilt wheel $5895 696-6437; 
734-7477 eves, weekends________ 
75 Trans Am, loaded, $5ooo will talk reasonable otter. 433-7822, 
Cliff. 

76 T R A N S A M 
Take over payments, no equity, coll Credit Manager, 349-6948 

746 TRUCKS 8 COMMtflCIAl m in u s , BUSES 

"A S IS S P E C IA L S" 
•76 FO R D F1oo pickup 6 cylinder, ; standard 2o,ooo miles New fires 
................... 
$295o 
74 FO RD ISO Crew Cab 16o. V S, 
4-speed Power, clean! ,. 
$295o 
1974 D ATSU N B21o 2 door Sedan I 
Lots of miles ............... $145o 
CAN BE S E E N AT 
6226 SAN PEDRO-344 33o6 
Assum e paym ents on my 1976 
Ford pickup Coll Herb 225 79o9 
77 B LA ZE R , LOADED! 
826-9565 
695-8o56 
2o' body, Bedell Reefer 4" insulo tion, vault doors, insulated installed 
................ .. $6,ooo 
1 
B E D E L L T R A ILE R CO 
151o SO Flores-226 6318 
C EN T U R Y W R E C K E R SALES 
Distributors Century Wreckers 

74 C hew Van. Good cond , new tires, mags, low miles A M -FM ' stereo 8 track, carpet, paneling 
Priced belw Book 734-7o73. atter 
6 3o 732 8669 
'74 Chevy Van VS, air, auto, loaded $4ooo Call 684 1177 
1977 C H E Y E N N E Super Loaded! 
82ft 9565 69$ 8o56________________ 
77 CJ7 4WD, auto, oir, V8. lots of extras $595o 659-1449 

•76 Ford Courier with paneled gooseneck Cam per cover AM 
F M rodio, 79oo mi $34oo 675 o787 
76 Ford Custom Van 3S! eng., $ matched wheels and tires CB, 
A M -F M stereo, power steering and brokes, air Special paint 
Call Bill: 8 to 5 653-4161; atter 6 
69o 8694 
74 Ford Custom oftkup Loaded? like new By owner 453-7723 

72 Ford Econollne IOO Van. goad buy, very clean 691 16o8 
‘75 Ford Explorer. i» ton, LW 6 standard $2895 659-1265 
‘75 Ford F25o Crew Cab 826-9565. 
695-8o56 
1973 Ford F 35o 8ooo GVW plat form tru ck, power steering. 
4 speed, $18oo Dick 4377895 
1974 Ford F ISO 68oo OVW truck chassis. 4-speed, pawer steering, power brakes, 
$23oo 
Dick 
432 7895 
1975 Ford F25o, loaded1 826 9565, 
695 8o56________________________ 
76 FO R D F ISO. pickup, auto, oirT no equity, take up paym ents, 
Randy 681 3692 
Club Wagon. 1974 Ford, A i con dition, loaded $6,7oo 641 4496.__ 
63 CORVA1R VAN 
$3oo C A LL 695 813o 
76 Custom pickup Loaded, like new By owner 6537723.________ 
73 Dodge Club Cab” D IOO SB, mags, tires, extra nice 623 3134 
•74 Dodge M a x i Custom Van 
Moonroof. A M -F M 8-track, CB 
Low mi., many extras. $76oo 
684-6895 
'67 Dodge pickup LWB, 44o eng 
Auto., air, positrac tilt wheel, radio, custom paint. Mags, wide fires, bucket seats, console. $18oo or bes! otter 1-249-3785 

77 Ford Pl5o, rodio, air, ston dard, 6 cylinder, dual gas tanks, 
Perfect $415o Coll 698 26)4 
•77 Ford F-15o Ranger XLT AM powei, air Coll 735-2593_______ 
'7 5 Ford F I 5o Ranger, air. auto power 828 6355. atter 7 496 o3o3 
75 FO R D F-1oo 
3o2 VB, air, power steering, brakes, financing arranged Call 
Bubbo, 349-6948 
'76 F o rd Good Tim es Van 
Looded 828-6355, otter 7: 696-o3o3 
*73 Ford LW B 6 cyl, standard. 
$185o 655-3647 

73 Ventura Hatchback, 35o, air, power steering, 38,ooo mi Good cond. $18oo 674-58oo 

16o3 NO A LA M O 
225-6146 
1674 Chevrolet, air, standard 
Very clean! 
828 6355, atter 
J -696-o3o3 

/') DODGE Pickup 
.Ion ft vlqn dard. camper shell Am-fm radio. tope $31oo coll 69o-1847 , 681-29oo 

743 MISCELLANEOUS AUTOS 
‘67 Cougar $495 *65 Chevy Im ­ pala. Air, $495. 71 Gremlin, $795. 
63 Old$, $15o 656-7478. 
T R A D E W IN D S Auto Sales 
•WE FIN A N C E* 
3oo3 SW M IL IT A R Y 
922-27o3 
72 Pontiac LeM ons Air. power steering, brakes Stereo, excel- lent cond S13So 735-3552 
1975 Pontiac LeMans. Power, and air P E R F E C T ! Call: Richard 
Moreno. 222-8*11 
Pontiac, ‘68 LeMans Power, au­ to , air. $6oo 333-3764. 

VW D u n e b u g g y 
M etal body, needs eng work 
Titled. $3oo 
344-1725. 

744 CUSTOMIZED CARS, 
SPEED RACING CARS 

‘67 Olds Toronado. 26,ooo original m iles. M in t! C all C. M ile s: 
736-5419 ; 228-4392. 

'J*..®*®.* Yoronado Brougham . 
Fully loaded, low ml. 
$67*5. 
492-2895. 
*68 Olds Vista Cruiser Air, power. auto. Priced to tell! 342-5887. 

74 Plymouth Satellite Buckets, vin yl top, air, pow er. $195o. 
688-3213 atter 6pm 
‘72 Plymouth Satellite. 2-door, au- to, Oir, $7oo. 734-36o3 otter 2 PM. 
1973 Plym outh Sattelite wagon, 
VB, air, disc brakes, radials, au tomatic. $1,ooo. Dick 432-7895 
I x t m r ----- 
■a n d " NI VV r 

197o Pontiac Sport Lemans, 35o en in. 2V, bucket seats with console automatic, power steer­ ing, air, A M 8 track. Must see to appreciate. 656-6769____________ 
1976 
P O N T IA C 
V E N T U R A 
Hatchback coupe, all extras. 35oo mi. will take good used car int trode, and pick up payments., 
735-o822_________________________ I 
76 Sunbird, loaded, tike new. Best 
Otter Over 531oo 492-1695 
CAII 225 1 AOA 

PANTERA. L IK E NEW ! 

746 TRUCKS I COMMERCIAL 
TRAILERS, BUSES 

73 Chevrolet Cheyenne Super lo 
Pickup with Camper shell, 35o VS, extremely clean $275o 223-6)6), ! tat. 343 
I 
! 73 Chevrolet C65 with 1976 Hobbs 
25 yd trailer All radial tires. I power steering ond air Excellent i cond $13,85o 227-6542. Otter 6 3o 
1-779-2591. 
49 Chevrolet 25o eng Nice body runs good 333-2452 att $_________ 
1971 Chevrolet VS, std, air Good condition $14oo 341-8379________ 
75 C H E V Y BLAZER 
4 wheel dr blue, white color am-fm stereo, radio, 8 track tape deck. Will accept trade 
165 MPH 
SOUTH T E X A S trailers, 653 4161 

74 Dodge Pickup Club Cab, 39,ooo miles, VS auto, radio. 461-4314 or 
536 24o9 $32oo 
M D O D G E R A M C H A R G E R 
4-wheel dr power brakes, steer­ ing, auto air, am-fm radio 39,ooo mt. Asking $39oo 696 o694_______ 
1976 Dodge Sportsman Royale. 
826-9565,695-8o56 
_______ 

76 FO R D LWB, 6 standard $335o 
822-9916 
-54 Ford Pickup. '69 Chevy 327 engine, new brokes, good shape. 
684 3644. 698-2o75. 
‘68 FO R D Pickup SWB, V8 stan­ dard, factory air, power steering, 
$1)5o 344-1o76, 349-1o42 
'66 Ford pickup, new engine, out, 
$8oo 653-o485 otter 3pm._________ 
75 Ford Ranchero GT, full power, lilt, cruise control, am-fm stereo lope $4195. 69o-1132. 

75 Dodge ' /ton Van, carpet, fires, m ags, am -fm cassette, $3695 
Must sell 734-4749 
75 Dodge Van Air power, VS, auto A M F M . customized int 
$495o 675 2914 
‘74 Dodge Van, Coppertone, auto, 
R S, V-4, $285o 656-1359 
____ 

A LAM O W H ITE TRUCKS 
816 P R O B A N D T 
224-2131 
Army Tracks 
4 wheel Drive - All Sizes 
Brqubach Eouipmfmt. 136-)65i9 

76 Chevy Cheyenne 
** ton, V-8, 4 speed, power, air 
38,ooo miles ................... $4795 
JA M ISO N Mtrs. Seguin, 223-52o1 

73 Dodge Von Short wheel bose 
Som e cam p e r eqpt 318, V-8 looded $2625 735 2o39 
_____ 

1974 Chevy Custom IO. Loaded’ 
826 95*5, 695-8o56 

75 Dodge Von Sportsman Deluxe 
V8 auto, power, air. 8 passenger, low miles, $52oo 673-883o atter 4 
HW. 
71 Dodge Van, Mon, 4 std, air, custom interior, $16oo 695-3355 

75 Ford Ranchero Radio, heater. air, power. Clean. Light use 
$35oo 341-2436; 349-4231._________ 
75 FO R D R A N G E R Pickup ’ lion. 
39o. posi-troc, all power, air. CB. am-fm. 8 track stereo, all terrain fires 684-5991 
74 Ford Ranger XLT fully loot! cd, also has factory Ford camper, 
$3495. 922-o184 
___________ _ 
‘49 Ford Ranger. Factory air, camper cover. $1o9$ 494-6753 
Fordt-Chewi, 2-2' j Tons 
23o1 N O G ALITO S 
$36-4711 

(2) ‘71, ( I) ‘49 Chevy Dum p 
Trucks with Lufkin trailers, all 3, 
$19,ooo. 1-456-7266, I $13-3181 

76 FORD SUPER CAB 
Take over payments, no equity, call Credit Manager, 349-4948 

72 Chevy Luv pickup 4 speed 
$145o. Call: 533 337o.____________ 

74 Dodge. 4-whl drive Club Cab. 
Looded, excellent cond. Big tires, 
38,ooo mi. Sug. 544oo, asking 
$3795, 458 1494. n r a s r r a r H r w s — 
— 

76 F O R D Super Cab, ’.ton, $ speed, a ir, pow er steering, b rakes, deluxe camper shell. 
13,ooo mi. 1S97S call Bert Dauglv 
[ arty, 349-6948__________________ 

Son Antonio E X P R E S S -N E W S — 
Sundoy M o y 15 1 9 7 7 

746 -TRUCKS I COMMERCIAL 
TRAILERS, BOSES 

 i 
7 $ F o rd ton F 25o Sutter C ob 
A ir. pow er steering, A M F M ste r­ eo cassette Auto M u st sell! Atter 
S: 473-1o3* 
7 * F o rd ' rton p ickup R adio , air, 
V S $47oo. 344 o9*6 ofter 9 p m 
'* 7 F O R O ‘*ton picku p , auto VS, 
*995 226-o2o1; 224 o1o2 
*4 F o rd V on, *475 349 o475 Otter 5 pm . 
1o73 F O R D V A N , a ir , 
82* 9545, *9$ 8oS* 
•67 F o rd Van, 
SI.29o 
71 C h e v y v o n 
*1,85o 
325o S W. M I L I T A R Y 
7 4 F o rd Van, v e ry clean, will sell 
Cheap 532 5o77 

1974 F o rd 4 w heel d riv e , w inch, 
I ow ner 82* 95*5, 4o5-1o56 
7 3 F o rd w in d o w van, e x c e lle n t condition *2795 82* 6o76 
7 3 F O R D W indow von, v 8, auto. 
*285o, Jim , 6*1 4511 

748 MOTORCYCLES SCOOTERS 

Honda 75o Soper Sport 
L IK E N E W 44oo M I L E S r *145o 

758 
SERVICES SUPPLIES 
AIRCRAFT 

4o4-6864 

75 M O N D A 75o Su p e r Sp o rt C u l­ lo m pipes p lu s o c c e s s o n e v *1*o5. 
After 5 p.m.: 684-7122 
1975 M O N D A 4oo 4 S u p e r Sp ort. 
*oo m iles, perfect cond 
*85o 
492 o28o ____________________________ 
74 J a m m e r n au t tram p, g a s tank, tender. 7 5 H D fron t e nd c om - plete. 922-2443 
________________ 
J O E H A R R IS O N M O N D A 
Soles Se rv ic e -P o rts 
971o IH-35 N O 
454 94oo 
197S K a w a sa k i 9oo Adult ow ned, excellent cond W in d io m m e r III, lo w e rs, oil cooler, c u sto m se a t 
K o n i sh o cks. A m c o ra c k, 1o.ooo m iles. S225o o r best otter 923-l74|> 
1975 
K a w a sa k i 
461 4714 
2*o, 
*1*o. 
C all 

K A W A S A K I I7SCC, 1974 F-7 with helmet 684 79oC. 
MM. 

1975 F o r d X L T P ISO S u p e r c o b , p o w e r a n d a ir 
3A8V-8. d u a l ex houst, full width back seat, 22,ooo m i. Sh o w ro om c o n d itio n 
M u s t sell 667 1oo3 after 5 

197o F o r d X L T p ic k u p w it h 
C am p e r. A l condition, loaded t ow n er 433 6oo3, 433-2424 
7 3 F-35o R a n g e r 
E xce lle n t con dition L o a d e d 3 tan ks, c a m p e r shell *98 2298 
1975 G E N T L E M A N J I M S ie r r a 
C l a s s i c 
W id e O v a ls , f a c t o r y m a g s G o u g e s, b u c k e ts stereo. 
Call Steve Broom all, 222 8611 
1972 O M C , lo n g bed. M a k e re a sonable otter 225-7111 
‘65 G M C pickup, excellent cond! 
Hon 58oo 223 549J. 

73 K A W A S A K I 9oOCC excellent, *1395 *58 o*91 
•76 K a w a s a k i K E IOO. e x c e lle n t condem n, *3 *o p lu s a c c e sso rie s. 
C oll 822 1172 ofter 5 pin 
_______ 
75 K A W A S A K I 4oo 
L ow m iles, $875 *56 7626 
7 5 K A W A S A K I 
125 Troilbike. *58-8814. 
K A W A S A K I Z I A D U N S T A L L 
C A F E 9o3 4-1 Y C A M . 655-2111 

7 5 L o v e r d a 7*oec, 1.85o m ile *. 
Sh ow roo m cond *135o-641-5422 
73 M o to G u « i E l D o r a r d o fu ll d ress, excellent, *15oo 674 3o83 
Motorcycle Insurance 
L O G S D O N A ge n c y 828-o*17 

1973 C M C S ie r r a G ra n d e loaded 826 9565, 695 8oS6 
F u lly 

7 4 G M C Sie rra, I.W B, A M 8 frock e n d C B, excellent condition, *36oo 
675 91o1 

M O T O R C Y C L E I N S U R A N C E 
C A L L : 227 77oo o r 227 8311 

85o N orto n . E x t r a c le an , m a n y e x tra s Top o tte r 732 863o after 7 w k d a y s 

7 4 G M C S ie rra '« ton, pow er, air, 
A M F M , ow ner, *2,985 349 2274 

7 2 G M C , I ton flatbed. 4-spepd, 
35o V 8 , p o w e r st e e r in g , ra d io , heater. 7o ga l saddle tank *17oo. 
635-8685 

S A N A N T O N IO C Y C L E S A L E S 
K A W A S A K I Sales, Se rvice, P a r t s 
313 N A K O M A 
494-5254 

7 6 G M C 'j ton p ic k u p 
S ie r r a 
C la ssic Loa d ed *5295. 4345744 
7 7 G M C V o n , lo a d e d . *8o oo o r e qu ity a nd toke o v e r pym ts, 
673 1o57 

S t a r v in g stu d e n t m u st se ll '7 4 
H onda 
45oD O M C 
5,ooo m iles. 
684 1271 

CESSNA 
PHOT CINTER 
PRIVAT! 
COMMERCIAL 
IN 
STRIIMfNT 
MULTI ENGUM* 
FLIGHT 
INSTRUCTOR 
FLIGHT INSTRUCTOR 
INSTRUMENT t MULTI 

V A a p p r o v e d 

For Q u a lif ie d V e ts 
METRIC AIR 
STINSO N M U N IC IP A L 
AIRPO RT 
924-7375 

CAMPERS TRAILERS 

1974 A irs tre a m 29' A m b a s s a d o r 
Sleeps 5, air, stereo, tack, etc W ill toke any type tra d e in 4S3 4141 
72 A I R S T R E A M 31' 
S T A H M A N N T R A I L E R S A L E S 
IM IO. 3 M i n orth of B oerne. 
R T J Box 127, S A P h o n e 224 2426 
O P E N S U N D A Y 12 i P M . 

7 3 A I R S T R E A M 25' 
T h is trailer h a s all o p tio n s-* aw n m g v e ry good condition. W ill a c ­ cept tra d e in 
S O U T H T E X A S T ra ile r*, 653-4161 
*8 A I R S T R E A M 24' 
T h is tr o lle r is a ir c o n d it io n e d , alm o st like new W ill a cc e p t trade in 
S O U T H T E X A S T ro lle rs, 653-4141 
A la sk a n c a m p e r fits 8 tru c k bed, se m i self con ta ine d, la c k s, *85o 
653 8158 a lle r 4 
1975 A p a c h e E o g l # 4oo, n e v e r used, *1195. 1o23 Fa b u lo u s. 
A R IS T O C R A T T ra v e l T ra ile rs 
The choice of the q u a lity b u y e r 
R A H M B f c R G R V C E N T E R 
2271 A U S T IN H W Y 
655 o251 
B a rg a in H u nter Sp e c ia l! 1975 A p ­ p le b y T e n t C a m p e r 
J u s t lik e new ! 653-4161 

7 6 Su pe r Soort 75o, excellent, low nu Re ason a b le 623-3o72 
7 2 Su zu ki lOOcc G ood condition 
*2oo Coll: 334 8927 a nytim e 

7 3 C M 12 vd d u m p tru c k , 7 o 
C h e v y 12 vd d u m p tru c k, both twin sc re w s A sk tor T e x or R a y 
J en kins, I 334 4231 

G R A N D E F O R D T R U C K S A L E S 
IH Io a nd W W W hite R o o d 
______________ 641 4 1 3 1 _____________ 
International Trucks 
713 Sie v e s Ave___________ 534 3471 
•71 I N T E R N A T I O N A L . I /ton flatbed 395o coll Jim br. i 45H___ 

•65 International bus, 46 sent cap., 
G o o d condition C all 512 374 318o o r 312 374 3993 night *3,ooo 
_____ 
•7o International Scout auto, good condition, low m i 681 o866 __ _ 
1967 International 1*oo Series. 14' flatbd with 2ooo lb cap E lec. lift tailgate *125o 69* 9218; *93 32o3 

7 3 In t e r n a tio n a l tr a v e le d , a ir, p o w e r, a u to, to w e in g p a c k a g e . radio, heater. C oll 67* 2oo6 even 
In g s or w e e k e n d s______________ __ _ 
•SS In te rn a tio n a l p ic ku p C u sto m 
In sid e a n d o u t1 M u st see to a p p reciate 695 8429 

75o S U Z U K I 
F u ll d r e s s. otter 333 9222 

B L A N C O P R O D U C T S 
N O M A D R E D D A L E - J A Y O O 
41o at B ro a d w a y 824 2981 

7 o S U Z U K I 35o, u nd e r 1,ooo o rig. m i $4oo or best offer. 6*1 3o8* 

B Y O W N E R 
1972 T ra ilb la z e r 2o ft 
T r o v e l T ra ile r . N e v e r u se d 
* 499$ C o sh only. 91o O odic. 

75 C A B O V E R C a m p e r. Self con- tam ed 
922 3424 
*18 7* (p a id 
*3,ooo) 

7 4 Su zu ki 75o W m d ia m m e r, e x ­ cellent cond 
*145o 
681-3166; 
922 8491_____________________________ 

7 5 T riu m p h Trident *15oo o r best 
Ofter Don 4337827 aft 4 

C a m p e r c a b o v e r for 8 pa, se lf cont, other extra s, stove, icebox, 
Sink, locks. *595 341 4938 att 7 
C A M P E ^ fits 
*175. 977 3476 
73-77 Sh o rt bed 

6o T R I U M P H served, 
$425 
533 52o5 

35o 
W e ll p r e lr best ofter 

I T r u im p h 75o B o n n e v ill e , 
I Clean, 595o 6/4 23o4 

Y a m a h a 125 cc., c o m p le t e l y r e b u ilt , e le c t r ic sta rt, s i g n a l i ligh ts, ru n s like new *25o. C a ll I 
Otter $ pm, 635 4/77. 

•74 C am p h o I7SCC, trail o r street, 
*42o 6V!) 27o6.___________________ 

7 4 Y a m a h a D T 36o 
E x c e lle n t condition *6*o. 333 o41* 

19*7 '« C H E V Y C a m p e r S p e c ia l with IO' ; ft self contained Open- ro o d C a b o v e r C a m p e r G ood con aition. G lean *76oo both or *9oo 
C a m p e r only 67* 2448 after 5 
73 C h e v y >« ton. 4 *4 e r g . o ir, a u t o , d u a l t a n k s , etc. 1 7 '; It 
M o b ile T r a v e le r c a m p e r . R o o f a ir, toilet sh o w e r, m u c h m o re 
*4*oo- T a ke trade. 6*8-123* e ye s; 
HO answ er, try a g a in 

74 Y a m a h a E n d u r o 2*o 
G o o d cond *5oo or best otter 333 2634 
Y a m a h a E n d u ro *o, 1973, *25o 
H o n d o C L 125, 1974, *375 Both low m ile a ge G ood condition 494 5739 
7 4 Y A M A H A 45o 
L u g g a g e rock, c is s y b ar, c r a s h 
43o( 

C L O S E O U T S A L E 1976 
C a m p in g T ra v e l T r a ile r s * 39* up 
K C T ro lle rs 71o W est A v e 735-3931 

Dors, 43oo m l , *14oo C all 457 2599 cedent cond 534-9891 

7 4 Y a m a h a *5o. 54oo m iles, elec start, lug rock, c ra sh b a r s S1o5o 
736-o58* *55-2437 

7 3 International 191o-E F le e fsta r w ith 2 o ' T e c o r e f r ig e r a t e d b o x a n d p r o p o n e T h e r m o k i n g re f r ig e r a t io n u n it m o d e l M T 2o 
549-V8 5 speed with 2 speed split a x le 
15o ga l g a s cap acity, good t ir e s 
E m p t y w e ig h t 19,3oo lb., load cap acity 28,o4o lb *75oo. C all 
Sa m , 1-837 561o, M o n -Fri. 

7 o Int l T ro v e l Alt, 49,ooo m i Steel I 75 Y o m o h o R O 15o.' e x c e lle n t belt rad ials. V B, outo. pow er, a ir I ro n d , e „ira4 ttOo *58 9753 afte r 6 
1 625 4985 nm 

7 5 C ole m an B ra n d y w in e pop un 
C a m o e r Slee ps 6. like new C all 
4*8 o5oo atter *. 
197o C O L E M A N POO U p T ra ile r 
H A R P E R M T R C A M P E R L A N D 
24Q1 S.W M ilita ry 924 3314 
1975 C olem an pop up troller. E x 

Y o m o h a 3*o M X , V e r y c le a n ! 
R u n s g r e a t ! m u s t se e S S 2 S 
534-3635 otter I pm. 

'7 4 
C o le m a n 
V a l le y 
F o r g e 
C am p e r, excellent condition, coll 
673-2oo4 e v e n in gs or w e ek en d s 

7 3 Intn 'l C re w Cab, 4 w heel d rive 
O n ly 4o,ooo m iles. 222-1342 
_____ 
•65 I N T N 'l p ic ku p with c a m p e r sh e ll, boat ra c k 
R e b u ilt Iro n s., clutch, b ra k e s *95o C H E Y E N N E 
B L A Z E R 
74 
Loaded, 
5615o 
69o o727________________________ _ 
•73 In t n ’l 
'a ton. 392 e n g . a ir, a u to . $17oo 
M a k e o fte r, ta k e trad e 658 1235 e ves , no answ e r, try again 

75o WANTED AUTOS, TRUCKS. 

 m 
\ m 
, m o to rc y c le s 

71 F A N , 17 
S T A H M A N N T R A I L E R S A L E S 
IH IO, 3 M i north of B oe rn e 
R T 7 B O X 127, s a P h o n e 224 2426 
O P E N 12 3 P M S U N D A Y 
76 Fifth w heel tro v e ) trir,7 j if f " 
Twilight B u n ga lo w 649-139 1_ 

1972 F o r d 
‘a Io n D ic k u o . 8 c a m p e r C o n sid e r trad e 733-9528 

B U Y J U N K C A R S , E T C 
F R E E P IC K U P 
*27 2711 
A tier 5 
433 2o3o 

•73 In f 'n l 
14 ton p ic k u p w ith 
C a m p e r Shell 527oo *58 19$) 

C a sh for clean carr, a nd t ru c k s 
L a r r y C an n on Auto Sales 
SA3o San P e a ro 
828-63*5 

3o »• A irs tr e a m , too c o n a t io n . 
45.SUO I 257 4885 K e rrv ille 
74 18ft, F a n L e e t r a v e l tr a ile r 
F u lly sell contained, sle e p s 6, air, excellent, *j?o o 922 o9*7 

IS Ft. T r a v e l t r a ile r. Se lf con- 
I tam ed *235o *48-o7«6 

'67 Intn 'l ton P ost Office V a n 
W ill t ro d e fo r p ic k u p of e q u a l va lu e 923 1413, 923 8678 
7 6 Jeep CJ5, air, radio, 13.ooo + m iles, new cond, *4*5o 69o 1967. 

J E E P , 1976 C J S P e rfe ct c o n d i­ tion, m a n y e x tra s *4*oo 734 5844 
7 5 Jeep Reneqade. 3o4, V-8 *52oo 
492 2114 684 o773 atter * 
L A R G E A S S O R T M E N T L A T E 
M O D E L H E A V Y D U T Y 
D I E S E L T R U C K T R A C T O R S 
HOFFER TROCK CO 
I 798 3254 
I N T E R N A T I O N A L T R U C K 
S A L E S A N D S E R V IC E 
P O B o x 411 H allettsville,Tx 

H A V E TO W B A R S , B U Y J U N K 
C A R S 
P A Y C A S H O R C H E C K 
F O R 
Y O U R 
O L O 
W R E C K * 
C A L L 
923 4411 

I B U Y J U N K C A R S 
T O W IN G S E R V IC E 432-3288 

• QUICK CASH • 
C A R S A N O T R U C K S 
R U N N IN G O R N O T ! 226 2245 
S E L L I N G Y O U R C A R ? 
H i p r ic e s p a id fo r c le a n c o r s - 
T ru cks, etc 222 1342 

H A R P E R M O T O R C O 
C A M P E R L A N D 
S A L E S ond S E R V I C E for 
T E R R I , T A U R U S . T W I L I G H T 
B U N G A L O W T ra v e l T r a ile r s a nd 
STH W heels 
24o1 S W M ilita ry 924-5514 
H r s 
M on F r i 9 6, Su n 1: 3o-6 
1975 H o lid ay R a m b le r 5ooo 
32'. 
T h is tra ile r h a s oil the o p tio n s m l u d in q a w n in q a n d c e n t r a l v a c u u m n c le a n e r 
W ill a c c e p t trade. 653-4161 

7 2 L W B G M C *j ton, v e ry clean, low m iles. V S auto, *2295 625 9679 
72 M a x i Van, 14 p a sse n g e r pow er a n d a ir , a s s u m e b a la n c e , B ill 
A n ic ke r, 277 8868 

T O P D O L L A R ! 
J U N K C A R S , T R U C K S , S C R A P 
__________C A L L 
142 31o1___________ 

USED CARS CLEAN 
SMITH CHtVROLEl 
122) B R O A D W A Y 
223 4283 

!! C L O S E O U T •* 
T W O 9 '» ', self contained c a b o v e r c am p e rs. All new * 
H A R P E R M T R C A M P E R L A N D 
24o1 S W M ilita ry 924 5514 
L a t e m o d e l, lit tle u s e d , v e r y c le a n , p a r t ia lly se lf c o n ta in e d 
C a b o v e r c am p e r 653-4646 

O W N E R O P E R A T O R S 
3 a x le t r a c t o r s a n d f la t b e d t r a ile r s fo r Sta te w id e h a u lin g 
P le nty of freight, b a c k h a u ls Fu ll se ttlem ent w eekly O ld e r tr u c k s accepted 924-7273, 33J 3894 

W anted 
K a rm a n n G h ia c o n v e rti­ ble G o o d c o n d ! R e a s 1 379-2396, 

L ik e new 1975 H o lid a y R a m b le r 
1ooo. F u lly loaded, p ric e is right 
T ra d e accepted 653-4161__________ 
19*9 M o b ile Sc o u t 
L o a d e d w ith options! 21 long 638 78)1 

We Buy Junk Cars Trucks 
Y O U C A L L - W E H A U L 
533-o541 
972 o4oo 

72 Open R ood o v e rh e a d cam p er, loaded, air included. B a rg a in . See at 
A la m o 
Sp orts 
C a rs. 
3111 
B ro a d w ay . 

P I C K U P 
C O V E R fo r 
L W B paneled, d om e light, good sh o pe 1 
*15o 657 2679_______________________ 

R A N C H E R O G T , 1974 
L o a d e d , I 
*365o firm , 691 1581 atter 4 p m 
‘72 R a n c h e ro VS. auto pow er, air, excellent condition *73-6225 
I 
7 7 R a n g e r X L T F-15o, pow er, air ! excellent, *6o95 344 8959___________ 

’76 R A N G E R X L T 
T a k e o v e r p ay m e n ts, no equity, coll Credit M a n a g e r, 349-6948 

7 6 R a n g e r X L T , 4X4. L o a d e d ! 
12,ooo m iles. Exce llen t condition. 
C all 
J A G arza . 227 8611 

W E B U Y U S E D C A R S 
O R S IN G E R B U IC K C O 
I 1515 S A N P E D R O 
734 1221 

SACRIFICE 
1964 F o u r ton F o rd truck with V a n b o d y . 22,ooo total m ile s. *1 5 o o c ash. P erfe ct condition. 624-2487, 
674 91o6_____________________________ 

S A N A N T O N IO T R U C K 
S A L E S A S E R V IC E 
G M C , 
D IA M O N D 
R E O , 
P E T E R B I L T 
881o IH IO E A S T , 661 4511 

S A N A N T O N IO T R U C K S 
S A L E S & S E R V IC E 
G M C , D iam o n d-R e o , P eterb u ilt 
381o IH IO_________________ 661 4511 
S C H O O L H ig h w a y Diesel B u se s 
23o1 N O G A L IT O S _________534 6711 
•73 Scout p icku p 4-W D, -I ow n er 
878-6355. after 7 696 o3o3 

W E W A N T T O B U Y 
G O O D C lean C a rs T r u c k s 
____________C all 924 6671____________ 

W I L L B U Y J U N K C A R S 
T o p d o l lO M J a i( L C a l L 9 2 T 8 8 5 ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ I 

754 TIRES pans accessories 

C E N T R A L T I R E C O . 
7o5 N 
F L O R E S 
224-5473! 

PICKUP 
COVERS 
2)71 Austin Hw y. 
8169 

P o p Top C a m o e r Sle e p s 6, stove a n d ice-box N ew condition. *12oo 
341 2ooo. 

*7 C h e w b o d y , F e n d e r w e ll h eaders, scatter shield, elec. fuel pum p. a ir sh o cks. 
*45o firm 434 737* 

75 P R O W L E R 2o 
Self confated, sle ep s 6, *35oo 
T R A V E L T Q W N Texas, 653-67)1 

RENT TRAILERS 
S T A H M A N N T R A I L E R S A L B S 
IH IO, 3 M i north of B o e rn e 
R I 7 Box 127, S A phone. 224 2426 
O P E N S U N D A Y 12-5 P M. 

'7$ C h e vy p icku p * eyl„ 25o enq com plete. *375 B o d y p arts, r e a ­ sonable 532 4o97, 223-5989 

R O A D R U N N E R T R A V E L 
T R A I L E R S A L E S 
493o R IG S B Y 
648-oo6o 

T a k e o v e r p a y m e n ts, '75 C h e v ­ ro le t p ic k u p 
N o e q u ity . C o ll: 
824 76o6 atter 7 494 5734 
2$ T O N L O W B O Y 

C om p lete C h e w 327 e n q in e 
275 I hp, in c lu d in g oil a ir units. *25 o I f irm . P o w e r g lid e Ir o n s . , *7 5 ! 
P o w e r ste e rin g unit, 545. Set of 
14 " m a g s, 2 w ith G 7 o x )4 tire s, 
5)25. G ab rie l h i-ia cker sh o ck s, *25 I set. A M .: G eorge, 433-4o78._______ 
C o rv e tte e n g in e s 
(2) 35o C ID , j 
*27 5 e a c h 
( I ) 327, *225. M a n v other p orts available. 349-2791 
C O R V E T T E W heels. 8", full trim . 
OOO Call 696 5476_________________ 

C r u is e C o n tro l P a c e s e t t e r, fa r autom atic car, cost new *8o a sk m g *4o 696 2649____________________ 

G o o d u sed ra c in g tires, 5)o a n d up 927 5o83 

RV STORAGE 
N O R T H S ID E S U P E R V I S E D 
*1o P E R M O N T H 
45o H E I M E R R O A D 
( '4 
M ile 
F ro m 
Sa n 
P e d ro 
D riv e -In ) 
826 4444 

H ig h p e rfo rm a n c e 39o F o r d e n ­ gine, 
*4oo 
Tow dotlv. 
*2 *o 
653-2858 

'7 6 T o yo ta P ic k u p , 1,6oo m ile s, oir, 4 speed, take up p a y m e n ts 
*111.69 828 2883 

H o o ke r headers. New, for '67 thru 
69 D o r) 383 44o, or 'C od a. Slic ks. 
13 "X I* , best oner. 337 8148. 

•7$ Toyota p icku p LB, 4-spd . air, rad io, C o m p e r Shell 
Sh o w ro o m con d A fter 6: 654 6415. 
•75 T o yo ta P ic k u p 
L W B . std, 4 sod. C a m p e r c o v e r Tow b a r in ­ cluded. 17,ooo m i 655-24o3 att 5 
4 T ru c k s, F7ooo with 175 ho Cat 
D i e s e l e n g in e , 1 4 ’ a lu m in u m b od ies with K.W . JO T h e rm o K in g units. E q u ip p e d with m eat rails 
661 4611.____________________________ 

V A N S 
B u y -Se ll-T rad c 
6831 S 
F lo re s 
923-4211 

•73 Ign itio n scope, se c a d a p te r, sn a p on m odel 615. *5oo 337-8623. 
4 M a g rim s tor 13” tires, 5 " deep, 
*1oo set. 2 B R 13 tires, *65 pair. 
824 6548 

$75,ooo S U E 

In s u r a n c e C o s a y s , 
W e m u st lo w e r in v e n t o ry th is m u c h ', in o r d e r to m e e t n e w ly im p o s e d lim its So you can 
SAVE BIG SSS NOW! 
HARPER MOTOR CO 
CAMPERLAND 
24o1 S.W. M ilitury-924-5514 
W e e k d a ys 
9 7 Sun: 1.3o-6: 

N E W and U S E D B u m p e rs L ig h t w eight to heavy duty. F o r all size s of p ic ku p tru c ks 924-6551-2o2 N e w 
L a re d o Hwy. 

V A N S ' '71 D o d ge 6 std 
•71 C H E V Y 6 std 
•72 F O R E 2 o o , 6 std 
•73 F O R D C lub 9-pass 
‘68 G M C body ro ugh 
. 
6831 S F L O R E S 

... *17*9 
*185o 
. 
*215o 
*245o 
*7 5o 
923-4211 
*74 V E G A , sm a ll p an e l d e liv e r, outo. E xce lle n t *995 333 8152___ 
W A N T E D : E a r ly 6o C h e v y or 
'1 ton. W ill p ay rea so n ab le price. 
828 7267____________________________ 

W A N T E D O L D E R P I C K U P - ” 
______________ 69o 1o22______________ 
W a n t e d p ic k u p c o v e r , i-w a,. 
658-2914 after 5pm w kdays. 

74lT MOTORCYCLES SCOOTERS 

B A R G A IN 
Y a m a h a 
125, excellent cond 
691-1257_____________________________ 

Bultoeo 25occ D irt Bike, m u st sell, best otter o ver 32oo 822-7942 
•76 H a r le y D a v id s o n S p o r t st e r 
E x c e ll e n t c o n d lo w m ile a g e . 
*23oo. 341-5983 e v e s__________ _ 
H a r le y D a v id s o n 1ooo. C h o p p e r, clean, *2,25o firm 674-23o4 
‘76 H A R L E Y D A V I D S O N S p o r t ­ ste r *22oo o r best offer. 6*6-45o4 

N ew 3o2 engine and tra n sm issio n . i *275. Coll 927 6881 
_ 

O ne '68 C utlass 442 front fender! 
1 perfect cond 
O ther parts. 
826 7596____________________________ 

P A R T S : fro m w r e c k e d '74 Im - i polo. 655-2434_______________________ 

Q U A L IT Y E N G IN E S & P A R T S 
F A R G O S A L V A G E 
627 271 1_________ 633 2o3o After 5 
I '67 T B IR D W re ckin g, p a rts for sole C on 
433 o) 16________________ 
T O P D O L L A R P A I D F o r C A R S ond T R U C K S R u n n in g or not. Al- so J u n k s 922 Bftftl_________________ 
W H E E L S 3 h eavy duty, 6 hole for 
C h e v .o r C M C P U w ithexcetlen! tire s m ourned. <H 78 -I5 LT ,6 P ly ) 
657 74) 7 otte r S P M ___________________ 

■74 X J 6 Jagu a r engine and ir o n s m issio n with 32,ooo o rigin a l m ile s, best otter 657 3229 

756 AUTO, FIMANC1W9 LOAMS 

F IN A N C IN G U S E D C A R S lf you a re selling c a rs on w e exly paym ents, we will finance e v e ry , d e a l N o cre d it r e a u ire m e n ts -N o I reiect. Coll Toll Fre e 8oo-821 2157 
— 
— 
■ 1 
A w — 
758 ■ AIRCRAFT services, supplies 

SH AST A»P ROW L E R 
We Take T rad e -in s 
Com plete Se rvic e D ep t 
S T A H M A N N T R A I L E R S A L E S 
IH1o 3 M i N orth of B o e rn e 
R T 2 B O X 127 S A P h o n e 224-2426; 
O P E N S U N D A Y 12-5 P M _________ 

66 S H A S T A l f 
S T A H M A N N T R A I L E R S A L E S 
IH IO 3 Mi. north of B oe rne 
R T 2 B O X 17, S A P ho n e 224 2426 
O P E N S U N D A Y S 12-5 P M 
'72 S h a sta 21' tra ile r 
E x c e lle n t condition. 698-2298 

•75 M o rle y S p o rtste r X l H 
L o w m ileage. *21oo 337 779o; 648 IS S I 
•73 H o n d a C B 5oo E x c e lle n t c o n ­ dition. L o w m ileage. *995 or best 
Offer 341-6784 

A L A M O F L Y E R S , IN C 
'• Y O U R P I P E R D E A L E R ’ 
8411 M IS S IO N R D 
922 1228 
A V IA T IO N IN S U R A N C E 
P R O M P T Q U O TES-736-1623 

1968 C A R D IN A L 
C all F ra n k A d a m s or Joh n H e ck: 
659 1968 
•7* H O N D A C B 36o, lust o v e r 5,ooo m ile s, e xce lle n t con d itio n *7 so 
C o ll 732-7o77.______________________ 
*72 H o n do C B 35o with w in d shield 
>75 c h f p o k f f a b o n w a n d 2 h elm ets Re ce nt o v e rh a u l.. F ro n l/ V f to m s 
S r 
John 
H e ck 
659-1968 

'76 C e ssn a Sk v h a w k ll, 1-686-7443; after 6, I 687 1284 

*4oo firm . 655-2199 

•7o H o n d a C D -17 5, g o o d con d ., 
*3oo 734-78o8 
‘72 H o n d a 35o C L, e xcellent con dition $45o 673-7977 

75 H o n d a 55o, 4 cylinder, like new cond. It295. 656-177o. 
1973 H o n d a 75o E xce lle n t c o n d i­ tion. F a ir in g a n d m a n y e x tra s, tt,OOO 494-1626____________________ 
‘75 H o n d a 55o, fa irin g , lu g g a g e r a c k , a la r m sy ste m , lo st of ex fro *. *12oo o r best offer. 221-2683, 
828-1o44 a sk fo r John______________ 

’75 H o n d a 55o Fo u r, m a n y e x tra s 
M u t t tall! 654-o2o3_________________ 
‘74 H o n d a m a tic 75o 44oo m ile s 
*14oo. A tte r 4: 772-3o73____________ 
H O N D A O F S A N A N T O N IO 
57o8 M O B U P ______________684-3682 

•74 H O N D A 5L-25o Blue, cle an ! 
*8oo. C o ll: t-42o-2444 ___ 

C H E R O K E E 235, 197o 
F r a n k 
A d a m s or 
John 
H eck, 
659-1968 

C O M M A N D E R F O R S A L E ' 1 o w ­ n e rsh ip in one of fines! aero c o m ­ m a n d e r SOO in c o u n t r y . F a s t , e c o n o m ic a l 7 - p ia c # tw in . M r . 
C ro sb y 433 7751 or 341-4oo3 e ves 

STARCRAFT 
M Y E R S T R A I L E R S A L E S 
1)4 K in g sb u ry 
S E G U IN , T X . 
67 Starcraft, sle e p s 8, 3-w ay re- fnq., Therm o heater, good tires, to p c o n a t io n . 4 9 4 -2 1 4 4 , 14219 
B ro o k Hollow. 

74 S T A R C R A F T Storflite 6 
P o r t a pottie, sp o r e tire , w heel. 
L ik e new condition 
S O U T H T E X A S T ra ile rs, 653-4161 
1974-25- S T A R C R A F T T ra ile r 
H A R P E R M tr C A M P E R L A N D 
24oIS.W M ilita ry 924-55)4 

74 S U N S E T l l ' C a m p e r , fu lly equipped. *7oo 658 o5 9)___________ 

S W B C ob level c a m p e r custom , m ake, panelled, cab in ets, lights, b u o o ie w in d o w s, lu g g a g e r a c k I a n d roof vent. L e s s than I yr old. 
*2oo 684 1716_______________________ 
•74 T E R R Y 25 
! T h is trailer w a s custo m o rd e re d 
, fro m fa cto ry w h e n b o u g h t new 
I Too m a ny e xtra s to list 
S O U T H T E X A S T ra ile rs 653-4161 
22’ STh W H E E L ................*4495 
I 2 6 -STh W H E E L ................*52 95, 
I 29 -5Th W H E E L 
55995 i 
31' 5Th W H E E L ....... S A V E **S S 
G O O D S E L E C T IO N O F 
N E W 5Th W H E E L T R A I L E R S 
T R A V E L T R A I L E R C E N T E R 
K o u n try -A ire -N U -W A D e a le r 
42oo Roosevelt at Stin so n Fie ld 
ST h W heei-U sed 29’ with A ir 
H A R P E R M T R C A M P E R L A N D 
24o1 S.W M ilitary-924-5514 

T r a ile r Tow V e h ic le 
1973 C he e - ! role! Su b u rb an -3 ?« ton C h e ye n n e 
P k g . 454, tilt w heel, e x t r a fu el ta n k s and traile r tow p kg. G ood cond 
P ossib le trade accepted. 
653-4161 ____________________________ 

1976 Travel T ra ile r 28', self-con tained 555oo 533-5395 

U se d I ' C A B O V E R C A M P E R 
H A R P E R M T R C A M P E R L A N D 
24o1 S W M ilitary-924-5514 

P a ge 2 4 -D 

88? MOTOR HOMB SUES HUIT 
88? MOTOB MUIR SUES KUT St? O T I KAMES SUES ICTT S8? 8BT1B M K S SUfS-ICTT 88? W H I m i f f SUtS UIT i C o m sh C r a p p ie STO o ar d ay aer 
— 
— 
— 
— 
O f SOW. M S k jW l. 
N o w , choose the 
M o to r hom e yo n lik e and net off to a fu n - filled Sum m er! 

■ 7 4 GMC MoToRHoME, 26 com- 
I 
" pletely loaded, 2 roof air conditioners, 

Autom otive air, 6 ,o o o 
W A T T Power P l a n t ......... 

 j 
- 
. 
. 
. 
— 
— 
— 
— 
. 

135 ft. FRANK Motorhome, boded! 

I 
WA T T Mower H la n t .................... ^ 2 I j 5 
o 
o 
J 

J ’76 SURVEYOR Mini-Motorhome,l 

 lf self contained, roof air cond., 
J| 
I autom otive air cond. 
“ 

N i c e ....................... 
I 

 with Carrier air cond., 
Kohler 6 ,o o o W A T T Pow er 

Plant. 
Extra N i c e ......... 

$9 , 9 5 o | 

I 73 WINNEBAGO 
BRAVE 
2o’, | 

J 
Pow er Plant, roof air cond., 

73 WINNEBAGO 
Motorhome, 
INDIAN 
24’ 

 equipped with 
Power 

* 1 1 , 5 o o J 
_ com pletely self-contained, 

I 
I 8 ,o o o m i.......................... 

I 
I I I I II 
1 *7 7 DODGE VISTA VAN Demo, * * 1 
I I loaded, large picture w indow , 
S O O C 
A 
I j 
Beautiful Van, 2 3 o o m ile s rn rn 

Plant, roof air cond., 
Autom otive air cond., 
Stereo with tape, I 2 ,o o o mi. 

* 6 5 o o J 
I 
I I 

1 2 , 5 o o | 

Burke M o to r Hom e Center Inc. 
8 6 o o Broadw ay* 

5 1 2 - 
•block North lo o p 4 1 o 
• 8 2 8 - 9 1 3 4 

F o r vale. portab le elevator deer b lin d s , a ls o to w e r b lin d s a n d g ro u n d blind s. C a ll G a r z a w e ld ­ ing Se rvice. *27-9*86. 923-2918 (aff 
6 
) 
_____________________________ 

Je w e lry a n d tiff shop equ ip m e nt: c a s h r e g is » e r, sh o w c a s e s , w a ll c a s e s a n d g if t s t a n d s . C o lt 
6*4-1o35 a r 6*3-8728 
N C R 499 M IN I C O M P U T E R , m a ­ trix P r im e r with a a v ra ii o n d ge n ­ e ra l le d g e r se ffw o re t y r eld 
E x c e lle n t con d itio n . T o k e o v e r 
I re m a in in g lense 226 *526. 
O n e unit X R A Y M A C H IN E 
I ________ 923-3341 or 922-6o88________ 
----------------- 
I S e s t a u r o n t b o o th e s a n d ta b le s 
27oo A c re s 
3o m inu te s south of withi fo rm ic a loos 
1oo9 F lo rid a 
S a n A n to n io 
12 b u c k lim it 
A IL $14-1594 b ru sh A b u n d an t der and turkey 
Se a so n L e a se *2 SO per a cre lf interested w rite 
B ox 
N o 
2141 
E x p re ss. 

2 s h o w c a s e s fo r 
224-444L a sk for Ted t a le . 
C o n 

H u n t t r o p h y d u c k s , w ild b o a r,! geese, d ucks, quail, a nd lo ve tina si o n 12,ooo a c r e s of the b e st in 
Z a p a ta C o u n ty , Tx. 45oo ft. a ir strip , b e a utiful c a m p site on 25o a cre lake. *3.25 p e r a cre Call R o y 
J e n n in g s 1-724-3oo5 o r 1-723-2821 
6 O p e n in g s dee r and turkey, *275 
I gu n W est B e x a r Co, 533-979o 
O W N y o u r O w n ! H e a rt af F o w ­ le rto n d e e r c o u n t ry - on g ra v e l r o a d w ith e le c t r ic it y . 4 m ile s 
N orth of intersection of H ig h w a y s 
97 a n d 72, 
U m ile W e s t a f pave m en t. IO a c re s with '? m in ­ erals. Also. 2 tow n lots in Fo w le r­ ton 
- all far 
*4995.oo 
A re a 
512-686-3944 
_________________ 

R E O D O G C H A R T E R S 
P o rt M a n s fie ld , 78S8o 944-22o2, 
N ig h t F is h in g B a r g e Off S h o re a nd D iv in g pa rtie s 

* JUST ARRIVED * ★ 
32 Ft. 
FLAGSHIP 

(2) Roof Air Conditioner* 
Automotive Air Conditioners 
Cruise Control 
Tilt Wheel 
AM-FM, CB 
Entertainm ent Conter (Color T.V., A M -F M console) 
Blender 
Microwave Oven 

Washer-Dryer 
Built-in Vacuum Cleaner 
Roof Rack & Ladder 
Spare Tire & Cover 
IOO gal. gas tank 
IOO gal. Water Tank 
IOO gal. Holding Tank 
Electric Step 

The U ltim ate in Luxury M otor Hom es! 
44o Dodge — All Steel Cage Construction — Urethane Foam Insulation 
LOOK AT THESE FEA TURES: 

SEE THIS BEAUTIFUL UNIT ON DISPLAY AT: 
RAHMBERG RV CENTER 
2271 AUSTIN HWY 
P.S. You W o n ’t Believe The Price!! 
6 S 5 - o 2 5 1 

884 ■ BUUS. MOTORS 

W A N T E D : D o v e L e a se . So u th 
Zone. C all 226-131* A n ytim e 
W o rk in g Cattle R a n c h 8 m iles S E o f 
C o t u lla . 
T e n n is 
C o u r t , sw im m in g pool. fishing, boating, a rr o w h e a d h u n tin g , h ik in g , n a ­ ture trail afen g the N u e c e s River, wild lite p ho tog ra p hy. Old ran ch h o u s e , a ir - c o n d i t i o n e d , 4 b e ­ d r o o m s , b a t h , k it c h e n , liv in g are a, porch, fu rn ish ed , com forta­ ble 5)5o p e r mo. R iv e r C ottage u n d e r L a r g e O a k tr e e s. I b e ­ d ro o m w ith 4 b ad s. I room with kitch e n , d in in g a rc o . B a r. E le c ­ tric ity , r e f r ig e r a t o r , fu rn ish e d . 
N e e d s so m e w o rk . *75 p e r m e. 
Y e a r ly re n ta ls. H u n tin g L e a se s extra. 1-676-3313. 

T a y lo r Tw in ice cre am m a ch in e, 
*125o 249-8166 Boerne, Tx. 

9o3 BUILDING MATERIALS 

C & S LUMBER 
COMPANY 
SPUNG SPECIALS rile dried— Nee Brite 

2x4-8— IR' No. 2TP ... I U Lf. 
2x6-8— 14’ No. 2 TP 
244 
2,4 8 - 1 4 No. I TP 
18< 
2 *6 -8 -1 4 ’ No. I TP 
264 
2 *8 -8 -1 4 Ho 2 TP 
314 
2 ,6 -1 -1 4 No I TP 
344 

BARGAIN HUNTERS 

SPECIAL 
2x4 precut KO fir studs 
2*4 precut KO TP studs 
2*4 1 o -1 6 KO fir 
2x6 1 o -1 6 ’ KO fir 
4x8 V i" COX DFP* 
4x8 
7/16 
P U I bedward sdg. Brined A grade 

S9,i CASH I CAW* 
WHILE STOCK LASTS 
C& SLUMBER 
COMPANY 
4647 ROOSEVELT 

794 
794 
. .. . Ile 
154 
$6.99 embossed 

BIO - MOBILE HOMES SALE 

A D O A - R O O M , C u s t o m B u ilt , g 
Size, D e liv e ry T e rm s, 923 4346 

A m e ric a n M o b ile A M o d u la r 
H O M E S IN S A N A N T O N IO , Inc 
922*7191 
922-o441 
'75 A rtcra ft 14x7o 3 b r 2 baths. 
E xce lle n t condition. 684-4992. 
•74 A R T C R A F T , 1 4 x7 o 
2 b e ­ d r o o m , d is h w a s h e r , w a s h e r . d ryer. W et b or. M u st sell, m oving. 
L o c a t e d m G r e e n t r e e V illa g e 
P a rk , 656-6478 

J b ed roo m A m in e M o bile Home, excellent cond, 822-795o oft 4.3o 
‘71 2 b e d ro o m 12x56. *49oo or best offer. 648-2351 eve*, w eekends. 
B e r y l’s M o b ile H om e Center 
N E W a nd USED-651-6961 
165)3 IH-35 N O R T H (Se lm a E xit) 

P l 
SALE! HELP! 

MAKING 
SPACE: 

ARRIVED: Big loads GLASS-MASTER, 
COBIA boats RARE: Max mfgr/dtal- er discounts BONUSES w most pkqs 
FREE fish''depth 
• finder, tackle, combo ■ SKIS, TACH, speedo, anchor rainsuit, paddle, fold-potty. SAFETY ■ pkg ITC. 

A WOW! See 77VS colors, styles, features. 14 16-17 18 2o • 21 ft in 
STOCK: plain 'plush, open/cabin, in. outboard, closed-deck or walk thru 
BOWnders from PIONEERS w/re search PROVEN hulls 

R Buy 2o' 22-24 ft., get smoll boat 
FREE: world famous 7 ft SPORTY AK dinghy or inflatable w 'motor brae ket Get proof LEVEL ride in CABINS; 
NOT bow high, drive w OUT stand mg up for vision 

C 
Compare '77V? 
GM ultra-high- performer bossboats, NOT lust copy- molds 

o 
Meet or beat EVINRUDE deals 
C RICHLINE alum. S I S9 up 
Used S495 S585o, B ANK rates. 

BARBERA SPORTS 
323 Broadway at 4th PARK FREE 
SO marine years in S A. 227-2112 
9 6 p.m Thurs. Kite 9 p m Closed Sot. 

CASH 
F O R U S E D M O B I L E H O M E S 
655-o471 
651-6356 

DITTMAR LUMBER 
5oo SEGUIN • 226-31.41 

Genuine Strong Born Corrug. Iron lengths to 2 o ............ $24.95 sg. 

Corrugated fiberglass, full 4 oz. 
8, $4.39; IO, SS.49; 12. $6.59 

Asbestos Siding .........$27.95 sg. 

First quality birch paneling. 
*/« in.................. $7.95 eo 

4x 8-3'8 " COX plywood $5.79 eo. 
4x 8~1 /2 CDK 

 plywood 
; $6.98 eo. 

Insulation 3 V?" ......... 9 ’/?< sg. ft 

Insulation 6 ............. 164 sq, ft. 

T H E M O N E Y S A V E R 
MasterCFiarge lankAm ericord 
W here Cash Buy* at W holesale 

•72 F o r a » f P a r k M o b ile H o m e , 
12 'x6 o ‘ w ith 14’x 2 I' liv in g room 
E x p a n d o . 3-1, m e ta l p atio a w n ingt, tie d ow n*, a ir conditioners, c en tra l heat. E x c e lle n t cond. To b e m o v e d o ff p r o p e r t y . *47oo. 
537-6484 atter loam 

J & R MOBILE HOMES 
N ew u se d, 114oo IM JSN. o55-o471 

L ik e N e w B e a u tifu l 12x65 M o b il 
H o m e M a k e Offer. 667-124o. 

N E W 1977, 14x6o 
*925o. W ill fin ance 655-o471 
N o r t h w e s t a r e a , 12x65 c u s to m b u ilt , t u r n . C e n t r a l a lr - h e a t , 
*6,o3o. o r $1,5oo e q u ity a n d a s ­ sum e, 684-1269 otter 7P M . 
O W N E R S E L L I N G beautiful 1976 
L a n c e r. 72x14, tw o b e d ro o m s. J b a th s 
H o u se typ e c e n tra l a ir, w o *h e r, d ry e r, d ish w a sh e r, 41x9 oatio cove r, etc. Set up in adult section of nice D a rk R e ason a b le 
924-4231 o r 333-4899. 

 ftlRBARGAINS 

 lotex Wall Point 
$3.5o 
2x4 No. 3 Select studs 
894 
24o lb. Sealdown shingle $14.25 
4x8 Vt" COX Plywood 
U>-99 
4x8 plywood 
.. 
$1o.95 
34x36 aluminum wtndows$12.45 

A LU M IN U M PATIO DOORS 
6 fool. ................ 
CASH ANO CARRY” 
BARNES LUMBER CO. 

1 2 o7 i. D u r a n f * 
533-5115 

U S E D - R E P O 'D M O B I L E H O M E S 
S U N S E T M O B I L E H O M E S 
2762 
S W. M I L I T A R Y 
922-o54o 
W A N T E D ! ! ! 
U S E D M O B I L E H O M E S 
C A S H - F A S T S E R V IC E 
M R M I L E S 924-4231 

W E T A K E T R A D E IN S. W E 
B U Y U S E D M O B I L E H O M E S 
C A L L : M A X 
924-4225 

8o1 CAMPERS TBAiLERS 

TRAVELTOWN 
TEXAS, INC. 
SAN ANTONIO'S LARGEST 
TRAVEL TRAILER DEALER 
* Over IOO Units in Stock 

AUTHORIZED SALES FOR: 

HOLIDAY RAMSIER, PROWLER, PLAT 

MOR, 
STARCRAFT, 
HOilOAT. 

DIAMOND, JAMBOREE 

MINI-HOMES 
9AooIH35N. 653-6711 

Across from Howard Johnson's 

9 til dark, Mon.-fri. 

9-6 Sat. I -5 Sundays 

- 

MOTOR HOMES sale rent 

TINDALL and SON 

PONTIAC-GMC, INC. 
A u th o rize d D e a le r for... e CX (CUTI V E • 
• IT A S C A • 
* ix p io e e e • 
M O T O B H O M IS 
Plus a full line a f u se d B.V, vehicles 
4 6 o o S A N P f D U O 
7 3 6 - 1 * 6 ) or 7 3 6 - 1 * 6 8 
S a tu rd ay s! 

F I RECREATIONAL VEHICLE s J 
! 
CLEARANCE SALE 
~ 

A N T C X T R A V E L C E N T E R 
38o2 N W L o o p 41o 
734 *131 

ROADRUNNER 
TRAVEL TRAILER 
SA LES 

H I L O T R A V E L 

 r 
T R A IL E R S 

493o RIGSBY 648-oo6o 

BAR BOB 
M O T O R H O M E S e x c lu s iv e F ra n c h is e d O e aler for: 
X P L O R E R , T R A V E L Q U E E N 
K IN G S H IG H W A Y , K E Y S T O N E 
142o SO 
P A D R E IS L A N D DR.51 
C O R P U S C H R IS T I. Tx 
78415 
B u rk e M o to r H o m e Center 
86oo B R O A D W A Y 
828-9134 

•72 C H A M P IO N 24' M o to r Hom e 
P o w e r a la nt, a ir, a m -fm ra d io 
T a p e deck, v e ry nice. S le e p s 8. 
*95oo. 923-768o 

• ALL NEW MODELS • 

C u sto m B u ilt I o w n e r '69 F o r d 
S u p e r V a n M o t o r H o m e 
F u lly equipped, excel cond. *495o. 722 
P a rk rid q e 341 4422, 494-6869 
73 23ff So on e r m otor hom e with e v e r y t h in g , tow m ile a g e , new fires, *97oo 696 2423 
197* C M C J im m y M in i 22ft. D o u ­ ble dinette, sle ep s 7,1 AC, A M - F M stereo, T V antenna, d eluxe inter­ ior, c ru ise control A u stin couole u se d 6 m os. C r o s s C o u n try trip. 
I *12 SOO I 443-6339 
I *75 G M C 19' M in i M o to r Hom e, low m ileage, fully selfcontoined. with 
I all extras. Lots of T LC . F o r sale or trade 69a-2o7S 
G M C M o to r H o m e For Rent 
349-o 7 7 2 , 349 4 311, 7 34-9389 

NOW ORIN! 

'7 6 G M C P a l m B e a c h M o t o r 
Hom e. 26', 16.ooo m iles, dual air, 
: sleeps 6, excellent cond. 822-o3oo; 
492-1387 offer 5 p m 
_____ 

"Tilt Ace Trucking Co." 
N*w Cudwn Von Cm l* 
Van A c c e sso rie s — Van 
C o n v e rs io n s. C u sto m 
Paint 
Seats, etc Com plt-le van interiors tor under 
$6oo Van & M u 
Home 
Tuneups 
"frow mild th wild” 
614 W. Rhapsody 
3 49 -8 272 

‘76 32' L a n d a u R e g e n c y, brow n, re a r bath, loaded, p lu s levelers, low m ile age . *29,75o. W eekends, 
817 387-8o73; w eekdays, 
512-225-2924 
L u x u ry M o to r H o m e s Rent. Low 
R a te s *58-7661, 656-7119 

‘73 M in i H o m e , I 9 ‘, go o d condi- i lion, *6,8+5 *54-o174 
*74 M in i-M o to r H om e, 22', 25,ooo mi., sleeps 6. excellent condition. 
A sk in g *93oo 69o-9521 

MOTOR HOME FOR RENT 
V o g u e 32 ' V illa G r a n d e F u lly equipted, sle ep s 8. p riv a te party rents by week. 494-64o7 

• 
HEIMER 
• 
CAMPER SALES 
SAN ANTONIO 5 EXCLUSIVE 
C O A C H M E N 
DEALER 
• TENT TRAILERS 
• TRAVEL TRAILERS 
• TRUCK CAMPERS 
• M iN I M OTOR h OMLS 
• STH WHEEL TRAILERS 
3329 S.W M ilitary 
Just West of Samerst Rd. 
Mon, fri. 9 to 8 P M Sot. 9 6 

TRAVELER S WORLD 
2617 Roosevelt 
532-6o61 
AVION 

Travel Trailers • M otor Hom e* 
Trade-in Bargains 

M O T O R H O M E R E N T A L S : Fu lly self contained. R a te s by day or week-653-61o8 

R A H M B E R G R V C E N T E R 
E x c lu s iv e O e aler for: C ham pion, 
T ita n , L if e t im e M o t o r H o m e s, 
M in i M o to r H o m e s 
2271 A U S T IN H W Y 
655-o251 

1976 TEC LARK, M OTOR HOME. FULLY SEtf- 

CoNTAINED, 26.8’ (YOUR CHOICE OF TWO) 

UST; $ 2 3 ,3 4 1 .................................... NOW 

1977 TEC TRAVEL MATE M IN I M OTO R HOME 

2o 

UST: $ 1 3 ,1 6 8 ................................. NOW: 

1977 TRAVEL MATE 24 
TRAVEL TRAILER 

8UNK HOUSE M ODEL’ 
(TW O TO CHOOSE 
FROM) 

UST: $7,45o ................................... NOW: 

197/ TRAVEL MATE 27 
TRAVEL TRAILER. 

REAR BEDROOM 

UST: $7,S O S ................................... NOW: 

ROBERT SMITH MOTOR CO. 
55o5 SAN PEDRO 
732-2288 

I I 
*18,65o ! 
$1o,2991 

*5,895 j 
$5925 j 
I I 

8o4 BOATS, MOTON 
8o4-BOATS. MOTORS 

K N O D E L M A R I N E 
L a k e M c Q u e e n e y S A P h 658-9164 open T u e s-Sat 9-6, Sun 1-5 
,16' L a r s o n S k i b oat, SStip e v in - 1 
1 rude, excellent, 52ooo 684-8469 
9 8 M e r c u ry m oto r, SISO o r w ill accept trade for 357 m a g n u m pis 1 tot Cell 349-o1o2_____________________ 1 
1975 M F G S u p e r B a s s I S ' • 6 ’ beam , fully equipped. IS hp. M e r ­ c u ry custom d riv e on traile r - big wheels. 47S-1411 off s.______________ 

M u st sell to b u y n ew one: 15ft. 
197o P h a n t o m b o a t w ith SOhp 
M e r c u ry in g o a d condition. W ill take SlOOO firm . 675-2338 offer 5. 

I ? ’ New Fla t B ottom boot with 5ho ond trailer. *275. 656 1348_________ 
N ew 15 ' jft. R e gal, T ri Hull, 65hp, 
M e rc u ry , T r a ile r................. *2993. j 
N ew 15' ?ft R e g a l, T r i H u ll 65hp 
Johnson, T ra ile r 
................*3o49 
N ew 16 It C h r y s le r S n o rt F u r y lOOhp E v in ru d e . T ra ile r ... *3475 j 

HOLIDAY MARINA 
L a k e M c Q ueenev, O pen Su nd a y. 
512-557-4622 
74 N ew m an 14' ?tt., 6ottp C h ry sle r, d rive on trailer. *2295. 734-4592. 

OK USED RIGS 
N ew 7 7 C h ry sle r, 16' Sp o rt F u ry , 
Recond. tOOhp 
E v in r u d e G alv. 
T ra ile r ................................*3685 
74 N a t io n a l 18* T r i H u ll, 9oh p 
C hry sle r, T ra ile r ................ $275o 
'64 R M C 75hp J o h n so n , T ra ile r, 
G ood C oost R ig ................... *13oo 
14' F ib e r g la s s R g n n a b o u t 4ohp 
E v in T ra ile r ......................... *735 
73 N a t io n a l I S ' T r i H u ll. 55hp 
C hrysler, T ra ile r ................*1895 
O P E N S A T -S U N , U ntil 6pm 

HOLIDAY MARINA 
Lak e M c Q ueenev, 512-557-6622 

14 W ide b v C H A M P IO N hom es. 
14 X 7 o ’ G U E R D O N , den, and fire­ place. 14’X 6o ', J b ed room 
G U E R D O N B A R G A IN S ! ! 
B U C K IN G H A M H O M E S 658 2811 
12x64 2 b ed roo m , I bath with a ir­ head 
*4,5oo. 
635-8911 after 
6 w e ekd ays___________________________ 

12x6o, 2 b e d ro o m m o b ile hom e. 
*52oo. C all 622-3296 offer 5_________ 
1oX55 2 B e d ro o m , unfurn. m obile hom e. Cat! 69o-9512.________________ 
69x16 Cam elot, custom built with aw n in g, sk irtin g, house type roof and w indow s. A C -C H , fence, stor- age house. 684-3378._____________ 
14x7o K ir k w o o d M o b ile H o m e , 
*)27-m o. a m t*., w a sh e r-d ry e r, 3 bdrm s, I ' ; b ath s 698-12o2. oft 4 . 3o 
14X6o N E W , 2 b edroom 
I ' ;B a th turn. *95oo 
W e d isco u n t tor cash! 
R E D R I V E R M O B I L E H O M E S 
2418 A U S T IN H W Y 
653-9751 
1 2 X 6 5 T o w n a n d C o u n t r y , 3-2, 

812 - Mobil; Home Spaces 

A C R E N E A R R A N D O L P H 
C it y e te c ., W a t e r . N o d o w n ' paym en t 
*3o m o 
Bill 
H a rp e r 
494-7412.____________________________ 

A d u lt a n d F a m ily se c tio n , clu b house with sw im m in g pool. P a v e d stre e ts, u n d e r g r o u n d u tilitie s. la r g e lo ts, no p ets, b e st m a in - tainted p a rk in town, on S E. Milt- tray D r. w est of IH37, a c r o ss from 
B ro o k s Field, In d ia n H ills M obile 
H o m e P o rk . 333-o83o. 

ALMOST AN ACRE! 
M o bile hom e site. P ic k u p 4 back p a y m e n ts of *32 e ach ond take o v e r balance. H B G IN C . 494-3419 o r 342-18o8. 
______________ 
E v e r y other m onth F R E E tor one ye ar! O n ly (4) lots on this Special base, 8ft 

KNODEL M ARINE wants to sell you o bod now!!! So let us piove to you that we hove the best prices, best service, best delivery with on the water demonstration In loci, IHF BEST OF FVERYTHINGH Come see us so we con peeve that what we say is true and that you wilt pay too much if you don t 
. check our merchandise before you buy!!! i EXAMPLE JX43: 21 ft Winner cabin cruiser, tondem i wheel trailer, ISO HP Mercury, equipped 
$6481.91 i EXAMPLE e l 7 : 2o ft Sleekcroft, custom trailer, 4SS Olds 
1 iocuzzi Jet pump 
$6867.oo 
EXAMPLE e 46: 14 ft Caddo Bass boot, frailer, 
4o HP, all electric Mercury..................................... 
$ 2 39 6 oo 
EXAMPLE « 2 1 : 77 17 ft. Renken, 
12o HP MCI o. Dilly Trailer................ 
$4588.oo 
♦ PRICES Good Through May 21 * 

Store hours 9-6 Tues.-Sat., Open Sunday s 1-5 p.m. 
KNODEL MARINE 

McQueeney, Tex. 
SA. Phone 658-9164 

R O C K B O T T O M P R I C E S on In y a d e rs and D e c k 8 o a ts , Jo h n so n a nd M e r c u ry *. R A Y S M A R I N E , 
C a n y o n L a k e . H w y . 2673 n e a r 
Startzville A N O H w y. 3o6 a c ro ss from Goofy s. 1-899-21 1o 

13 S' Sailboat. C h r y *. L o n e Star. 
M ain , jib, trlr. *895. 342-4632. 
S A I L B O A T 
IS ft 
V ip e r . A ll fib e rgla ss a n d u n sin ka b le . E x q u i­ site sailing craft in perfect condi­ t io n . B r a n d n e w H i g h l a n d e r traile r included. H a s 3o ft m a st w ith m a in s a il a n d lib . $1,25o 
684-9174 or 673-7911 

S A IL B O A T , 13 6” L o n e Star with traile r, n ew lib, m a n y g o o d ie s 
58oo or offer. 658-8318. 

B U C K I N G H A M V IL L A G E 
______________ 658-2811______________ 
•! F I R S T M O N T H F R E E !• 
L A R G E S H A D E D L O T S 
G E M B L E R R D T R A I L E R P K 
IO U G E M B L E R R D - 333-1863 
" M O B I L E H O M E P A R K L O T S 
*45 mo. F H A a p p ro v e d , J u d so n 
Ind. Schools. 658-oo22; 658-1326 
N E , S h a d y A c r e s T r a ile r P k fenced, store room , trees, *37 so 
N e a r W in d so r P k. M a li 826-8766. 

A C M E L U M B E R A S U P P L Y 
1oo1 A u stin St., 226-14 3 7 
U n iv e rs a l City, 658-633) 
A L A M O E N T E R P R I S E S 
H A S E V E R Y T H IN G 
TO B U I L D A N Y T H IN G 
A S H E L L H O M E built on yo u r lot w ithin SO mi. of S.A.- C a rp e n t ry tabor a nd m a te ria ls low a s *9 per sq.tt. See a g r p la n s or call today. 
2 B R , I bath (844ft.) ........... *7596 
3 B R , I beth (964H.) ........... *8676 
3 B R , 2 bath (1o55ft.) ..........*94+5 
3 B R , 2 bath (14o4M.) 
. ..*1 2 ,6 3 * 
W ith *1oo dow n, fin ancin g a v a ila ­ ble to qualifie d b uyers. 
Moffett Limner Co 
"D e p e n d a b le Since 1935" 
4o7 N .Z a rz o m o ra _________ 432-7881 

F r e i g h t d a m a g e d 1o x1o p o rt. bld g T e rm s, free del. 924-3oo3. 

LEPPARD LUMBER 
C e d a r s i d in g , 
1x1o- 
3 9 c ; 
3a p lyw ood. *5.7o, new scree n d oors. 
*1 2 .5 o ; n e w a n d u se d w in d o w s o nd d oo rs. 31o3 W. C om m erce. 

L U M B E R 
L U M B E R 
L U M B E R 
W e 'v e qo* lots of It. lf you need a n y quantity, b rin g yo u r list and b rin g yo u r m oney. W e gu ara n te e to sa v e you m oney. 
D I T T M A R L U M B E R 
SOQ Se guin R d 
226-3141 

• Rough Yellow Pine • 
LUMBER 
G oo d L u m b e r-G o o d L e n g th s 
1x8 ................................. 19c L F 
2x6 .............................. 19'»c L F 
2x8 ................................. 26C L F 
DITTMAR LUMBER 
• 5oo Seguin Rd, 226-3141 * 

S I N C L A I R L U M B E R C O 
2x4, 8ft............................... 88c eo 
2x4, 1o-16ft...................... 17’ JC ft. 
2x6, 1o-14ft......................... 24c ft. 
4x4 ................................... 49c ft. 
4 x 8 x 'j " p lyw ood, se con d s . *5.99 
7 ft. treated fence p osts 
*1.59 ea. 
P R E - F I N I S H E D M O U L D IN G 
D o o r trim , 7ft................. 
99c eo. 
....*1 .1 9 eo. 

281 NORTH 
A c r e a g e h o m e site w ith ce n tra l w ater sy ste m 
J u st IS m in from 
41o. $3ooo. *1oo dow n - and *31.41 p er m onth tor 144 m o nth s at 8 V 
J.C. H O R T O N , B R O K E R 342-18o8, o r 494-3419. 
, 

N orthw est, 5oX1oo lots, free m ove to q ualified renter. 684-2851 

Sa ilbo a t, Sn ip e , e x c e lle n t c o n d i­ tion 
59oo com plete with trailer 
736-o897 

IS ' S C A A R R O W , tri-hull, 188hp 
M e r e c ru ise r, a ll e x t r a s ! V e r y p lush boat in n ew condition, u nd e r 
25 hr*. $58oo. 684-45oo 

BARGAIN $1495 
•75 1 7 'jft. A r r o w G la s s t r ih u ll, 
8Shp M e rc u ry , tilt ’n ’ trim , o nly 25 l r g u lT "€ u lf ' b o a t^w lttT tw ln V -4 h r *- p '» 'v d r i v * on, lo a d e d , like 
E v in ru d e s, and trailer. 648-1131, new, *3995. 653-8497. 
656-2678 
16ft. A v e n g e r , 17S E v i n r u d e , 
7976 B a ro n B a s s boot, by Skeeter, 
Trailer. *48oo, will trade. 653-3883 
1976 E v in ru d e , 4oHP. G a lv a n iz e d tit* tra ile r, 2 b atterie s, M in k o t a troll m otor, re a d y to go. *3,ooo. 
C all 69o-7374 b u sin e ss h r 696-4777 atter 7P M . A sk for B rad. 

S E A R A Y S R V 2oo. 22 ft. R e d hull, w hite deck, d a rk red interior. 233 
H P. M e rc ru ise r. E x c e lle n t con d i­ tion. 1-298-38o6 
Ti 17' S E A S T A R , '76 H S h p J o h n ­ son, drive-on ga lv. traile r, m a n y e x t r a s ! U s e d 2 t im e s . E x c e l, cond. *45oo. 698-2848 

Boat. 14' R e d F ib e r g la s s, 3 5 H P . 
C h r y s le r E le c t r ic st a r t m o to r. 
R u st p roo f tilt traile r, all a c c e s ­ so rie s 
G ood condition. 
*1,25o 
434 34o1 

72 PROWLER 24' 
72 TERRY 26 ... 
76 AVION Mini .. 
7o HOLIDAY 31’.. 

 bb AIRSTREAM. .. 

$35oo 
$55oo 

$5895 

$495o 

Recreational Vehicles 
F O R R E N T 
V a n s 
M in i M otor H o m e s i M o to r H o m e s 
R E S E R V E Y O U R S T O D A Y 
Contact B ill at 
Resco Leasing 
55o5 San Pedro 
_______ 732-2288_______ 
R E N T 
22' M o to r Hom e, sleeps 4. 
*22 d ay 12c mi. 655-oo96_________ _ 
R E N T o u r fa m ily 23' lu x u ry m o­ tor home. S u p e r clean, C B , sfereo, all e x tra s R e se rv a tio n s. 655-o454 

BOAT WANTED 
A q u a Sp o rt o r M a k o fish e rm a n . 
698-2o93 or 494-6777. 

C a r a v e lle , e x c e p t io n a lly c le a n 
: a n d m a in t a in e d , lO O H p, G a lv . traile r *27oo. 349-1o6o 

1973 16ft. C h r y s le r t r ih u ll B o w ­ l d e r , w a lk -th ru w in d o w . to5 hp 
C h ry sle r outboard, traile r. L o tt of extras. *325o. 822-9184._____________ 
4ft 
Fia tb o tto m a lu m in u m boat, 
*15o. Coll 696-o74___________________ 
18ft. Hollyw ood fib e rg la ss deep V bull with 115hp M e rc u ry . C u sto m d riv e o n trailer. L o o k s a n d r u n s perfect. G ood coa st o r sk i boat. 
*215o. 227 9568.______________________ 
197o 19ft., 21ohp E v in r u d e boat, 4 w heel troller, elec. p o w e r w inch, n ew w o te r p u m p , e x t r a p r o p s, m a n y e xtra s *58oo 696-3574. 

S E L L O R T R A D E : 7 6 In v a d e r 
I8tt all can vas, I3 5 H P p ow er trim and tilt with d riv e -o n g a lv a n ize d t r a ile r. L o t s of e x t r a s , a s k in g 
*5,ooo. See at IS I E. V e sta l Place. 
922-79o2 

So-Tex C a n v a s P ro d u c ts 
C ustom M a d e B o a t a nd M o to rc y ­ c le C o v e r s F r e e E s t . D a y s ; 
337-4358 N ight; 337-7939 

16' Stern cra tt, I lotto I O, M a n y extras. *18oo. 6S8-2153 

Su nfish Sailboat, T ra ile r, cove rs, used I season. *8oo. 494-5632 

Quiet Shady Spaces 
P le a se N o chird re n 
P le a se N o O v e rn ig h te rs 
O n ly Q uiet C on taine d Pets 
Se ven S p a c e s R e m a in in g 
D u n R o v in , 7oo9 S. F lo re s 
923-8877 o r 344-5615 

In sid e corn e r, 8ft............. 49c eo. 
O utside corn er, 8tt 
69c ea. l '» cap., 8ft...................... 79c ea. 
9456 S. P r e s a at 41o, 633 29o9 
U se d Ibr. a nd plbg., doors, turn. etc. 527 C y p r e s s 732-2437 

USED LUMBER 
C all H a r r y at 224-6661_______ 
U se d Sp e cia l P rice, 1ox12, 1ox1o, 
8x8, Sto ra g e B ld gs, floors, T e rm s, 
F re e De!. 653-3111. 
__ 

2ox28 office o r la k e cab in , free ae^yery^ te rm s. 732-5171 

9o5 PoBI4BLE BUIlOIWeS 

D a m a g e d 2 12x24 red b a rn h e a vy duty floors, te rm s tree del i 924-o32o.____________________________ 

D a m a g e d 12x32, 12x4o, sto rage or a dd on bldgs. T e rm s, free del. 
653-8111. 

35' C h r is c r a f t w ith tw in 318 e n ­ gin e s; m u st sell, best offer. 
494-5843. 

I 73 C lip pe r, Jiff. Sailboat. M o to r, trailer. 3 sa ils, head, bottom paint. 
696-87o6. 

‘74 
C o l u m b i a 
23 s a i lb o a t , equipped, *52oo. 1-686-7443, a tter 
6, 1-687-1284. 

SELL-TRADE 

'76 19' De ep -V , 11 SHO M e re , c u s ­ tom float-on tra ile r, u n d e r w a r - ronty. after 6pm 533 *788 

1976 W in n e b a go 1o,ooo mi. M a n y e xtras. *7.ooo equity. 492-1638 

W a n ! To B u y M o to r H om e. A n y 
M a k e 
A n y 
M odel. 
658-7661, 
656-7119 

‘7o W I L L I A M S C R A F T 
M in i. 
24,ooo mi. Slee ps 4 self contained. 
R o o f t r u c k a ir . *5 6 o o . A c c e p t trod e 1)21 S.W M I L I T A R Y D R . 
■73 W in n e 2o', a ir, gen., c ru ise control. Sle e p s 8, m a n y e xtra s. 
*95oo firm . 658-8o&7 F r id a y atter 6 pm o nd Sat-Sun. 

18' D illy T r a ile r , d o u b le a x le , 
*12*. 16' A riito c ro tt with n ew D il­ ly T ra ile r, *1ooo 32’ T ro v *i-# z e , 
7 2 tr a v e l tro lle r. B u ilt-in e v e r ­ ything. M U S T S E E ! *75oo. L o t * Of iron furniture. 
C all 
733-7443 anytim e 
O m ao C ata m aran , m ain a n d lib, like new, v e ry tost. 624-2o78 

14ft. L o n e Sta r, 25 h p m o to r, 2 w heel trailer, *55o o r b est offer, 
661-4714. 
17ft. R a n g e r B a s s B o a t, 1o5hp 
C h ry sle r, custom trotter, tin d er, 
2-24 troll motor... *5475 
T E X -A LL Boat, 222-9621 

•7o I S ' T id e c r a f t , d o n p E v in , 
Beautiful! *18oo 435-7431 433-o142 
15' I 1 Trihull, w a lk th ro u g h w ind- I meld, 7 4 C h ry sle r ss hp, excellent condition, $19oo. 736-3462. 

SALE! 
ONLY $16.27 MO. 

W h y p a y r e n t ? B u y y o u r ow n hom esite IR this re so rt like mobile hom e com m u n ity. P a v e d streets, c ity ty p e u tilitie s, b o a t d o c k s, p ie r, c lu b h o u s e , b ig s w im m in g pool. O n L a k e D u n la p nea r New 
B ra u n fe ls, 25 m inu te s d riv e from 
S.A. *1495. lot; SI5 5 c a sh down, 
$134o b a la n c e o w n e r financed, 8°o 
A P R . in te re st. P a y a b le 12o mo. 
P a y m e n t s of 
*1 6 .2 7 , 
T o ta l d e fe rre d p ric e *1952.4o con p re ­ pay b alan ce w ithout penalty. 

R I V E R B E N D R E A L T Y 
(T o k e IH-35 L a k e M c Q u e e n e y exit in N e w B ra u n fe ls) 
1-625-9417 

1972 19ft Stern cratt. trih u ll, 165 
M e r e . In b o a r d - o u t d r lv e , D i ll y trailer, *445o 654 8o9o 

73 17tt. V-175 G la stron w ith V hull. 
W o lk th ru w in d ih le ld , 35o C h e w 
B e rkle y (et drive. Se ats 6, c u sto m d riv e o n tra ile r, like n o w c o n d i­ tion. *325o. 227-9568. 

16 ,' Tri So n ic w ith 165 hp M e r cru ise rl-O . U se d v e ry little. *43oo. i i i 7947 

9o1 8U5IWESS EOUffMERT 

New Homes Move! To y o u r lot. A ll p an eled a nd p lu m b ­ ing, v in y l floor covering. 
2 b ed roo m , I bath, $1o,5oo 
3 bedroom , I bath, *12,SOO 
D o d so n L u m b e r 
424-2254 

PORTABLE BUILDINGS 
6x8...$295 
8x1o...$396 
O t h e r s iz e s a v a ila b le 
Q U A L I T Y C O N S T R U C T I O N 
Heavy-Duty Floor Included 
OrTTMAR LUMBER 
5oo S e g u in R d . 
226-3141 

P o r t a b le B u i ld in g s M o v e d b y 
M o rg a n . Bonded. 653-81)1. 
R e d u c e d 7x8 h e a v y duty storage, 
T e rm s, free del. 732-5171 

R e p o 12x4o d a m a ge d 12x24 m u st sell free d e liv e ry te rm s 923-4344 
U se d red w oo d 8x16,1ox12 sto rage b ld g free del te rm s 684-1236. 

U se d 12x32 for bunk house, stor- oge, term s, free del. 924-3oo3 

9o7-FURNITURE 

W ooster Hellion Fu n bo at. Se ats 2. 
*4oo o r best offer. 494-6294 

A B D ic k P o ld e r 
SI, told* up to 
U ‘x l7 '. O v e rh a u le d b y noted lith- o-m echanic. 
L a st offer 
*35o. 
224-8487 
_______ 

866 SPURTING GMM 

A n sw e rin g se rv ic e equipm ent 
696-133* 

1974 I sit, v i p b a s s b o a t, 4o h p 
J o h n so n , D illy t r a ile r , e x t r a s . 
*225o 654-1o9o. 
12' G am e Fish e r, 4< ;m otor, oar, life iacket, anchor, traile r, S37S. 
453-3797 

I * ' G la stro n C a ro u se l, in b o a r d out, like new 826-9563 695-8o56 

74 L A N C E P A -3 7R -A , K in g auto c o n t r o l I I I , a ir , 65o T T - A E 
*57,ooo or best offer, for In f o r ­ m ation, call Bill G re ig. J o u r d a n ­ ton ( t >769-3576 
1975 S K Y H A W K 85o TT, d ua l 36o 
N A V C O M , ILS . A D F , T X F 
L ik e n e w 
A s k i n g * 1 7,95o. S e e a t 
H a n g a r 9, Stinson. 
____________ 

W E B U Y , S E L L , O R T R A D E ! 
C oll F r a n k A d a m s o r Jo h n H e c k : 
639 1968_____________________________ 

IN THI lX P B [S S “ N fW S 
CAIL 2 2 * 1666 

13 U S E D T R A V E L T R A I L E R 
H A R P E R M T R C A M P E R L A N D 
24o1 S.W. M illto ry-924-iS14 
'75 V A Q U E R O 2 3 'z‘ T R A I L E R 
A ir, T V antenna, sle ep s I 
S O U T H T E X A S T ra ile rs, 653-4161 
•74 V en ture tent traile r! sle ep s I, h a s stove, icebox, sin k a nd h o o k­ u p s fo r w a te r a n d e le c t r ic it y . 
*15oo. 
333-8519 atter 
5:3opm w k d o v s 

'7 2 V W C a m p e r. P o p top, a ir . ele ctric ret rig Slee ps 4. 826-7438. 
W A N T E D 
O ne m a n sle e p e r for n a rro w bed pickup. 534-3792 

I W e B U Y A L L T y p e s of T r a v e l 
T raile rs. C all: M E L 4?<-35i4 

19' W h e e l C a m o e r Sits W h e e l 
Trotter, sle e p s *, bath, air, gos- e ie c t r ic r e f r ig e r a t o r v a c u u m c le a n e r , v e r y c le a n 
P u ll w ith p ic k u p o r r a n c h e r o . 
*3 8 9 5 
1-392-37o2 e ve s 

■73 W in n e b a g o B r a v e 
P o w e r ste e rin g a n a b ra k e s. A uto, fully self contained with O n a n g e n e ra ­ tor. D u a l fu e l t a n k s 
66oo m i. 
455-24o3 off 3 

‘71 W in n e b a g o , 6 cyl, se lf con- toined, 34,ooo mi. *73oo I 944-387o. 

•76 W inn e b a go . 26', e x tra clean. 
*16,5oo. C all: 494-6356. 

65 IS ' F ib e r g la s s Ski Boat. 7Shp sk i equipt, trailer. *75o 341-o824. 

Fin e Selection used Sa ilb o a ts 
N E W Sa ilbo a t Shop, A u stin 
6o4 H ig h la n d M o ll Blvd . 4S4-7171 
F o r Sa le : 16’ C e n tu ry R e so rte r. 
R e b u ilt 319, V I, P on tia c. E x c e l­ lent cond. 1-557-43o5 otter 6: 

15 
G la stro n , / S H P E v in m o to r w ith custom d rlve -o n traile r. A ll e xtra s! Atter 6pm. 695-916o_______ 
'73 IS ' G la stron V-hull skib oot. '74 
6$ ho. M ere. *1695 o r b est offer. 
734-4749. 

'73 W in n e b a g o In d ia n . 23 It. E x ­ c e lle n t c o n d itio n 
*1o,ooo 
D a y s 
658-o521, nites 1-625-6)81 

7 o W IG W A M 18' 
Self contained, air. *2595. 
T ro ve lto w n T e x a s 653-6711 

2 Y r old, used 3 tim es, S ta rm a sfe r , ...... 
,, . ^ ^ 7 7 ;---------------- 
6, popup trailer, *1,9oo 
L ytle 
W l l l ia m ic r o f t 22 
M in i M o t o r 
I 772-338* 
H om e, self c on ta in e d . 3 w a y re- 
---- , j-.,.— , , ■ 
------------ frigerato r, air, 7 n ew tires *45oo 
____________ c * u 77 5 1 6 6 6 ___________I take trade. 696-38*2. 

76, 19 ti A d v e n tu re Jet Boot, 2o h r s *4Soo o r best offer. 4*6 -8712. 
‘73 l* « . A lu m in u m Rich lin e, with 
4 o H P E v i n r u d e m o t o r , D i l l y tra ile r, 1 3 " w h e els, a s c le a n a s you will find for yo u r m o ne y *1 1 *o 
C a s h 
See at 221 R o n a ld L a n e , 
B a lco n e s H e ig h ts aft apm all d a y 
Sat-Sun. 

Pl AC I r o u e W ANT AO 
IN THI IX P RISS NCW 5 
CALL 225 1666 

Hale Cst SaKboats 
D I S P L A Y at S T O N E M A R I N E 
724o B a n d e ra R o a d 
D e a le r' Jewett Se rvic e s, 342-8778 

HOLIDAY MARINA 
L a k e M cQ u ee ne y. S12-S57-6422 
Open E v e r y d a y exce pt M o n d a y 

International S.2 Class 
N a c a r S.2 C a ta m a ra n 
In trgjuqtorj; O f f e r , ^ * - j } 9 3 

O v e r IO N O u m to C h o o se F ro m 
B U Y — S E L L - — T R A D E 
A m e r Icon Lo a n . 227-1572 

B a r-B -Q u e , ic * c re a m m a ch in es. 
D ish w a sh e r, m ixe r, b o k e ovens, 
(com aker. U se d . 733-1292 

S M I T H - W E S S O N m o d e l *9. shot. Call: 494-1*81. 
14 

W e P a y C a sh far rifles, sh o tg u n s o n d pistols. 736-1794._______________ 
8M HUNTING I FISHING 
2o acres hunting country. *49* dawn payment, *77.22 per mo. On fence line of lorege ranch. Never hunted. Owner financed. Call to see 734-7964 
ISO acres hunting country *99 *o per acre. 5“% dawn payment. 7?x% sim ple Interest with 2o year terms. Owner financed. Call tor appointment 734-9S98 
C O N D O M IN IU M S For Lease. 
Rockport, Taxas, for Crested 
Bate, Colorado. Call 214-431-o4o2 or Box 3S391, Polios, TX. 
Deer, Bird, Fishing Cam ping 
Lease. Year Round. lOmln from 
SA m Medina County, SN acres, tor *25oo per year 696-o2o3._____ 
Deer lease 1ooo acre prime hunting area. Located southwest of Falfurrias, Tx. Hava I gun openings Call 511-7o7-3122 atter 5 
— 
— t j n m i m 
---------------- 

Beauty Shop equipment: 2 com­ mercial dryers, 2 vanities. ALSO glass showcase, Coke machine, brass tire extinguisher and more. 
924-7o17. 
Burroughs pasting- bookkeepping machina. Used very little. Cost 
S3Sooo priced to sell *39*. Ban 
Lambert Co. 1o51 Austin Hwy. 
o26-o663 
CASH R E G IS T E R , Swede. 4 function. 
$ooo. 
2-years old. 
*9o-o99o. 

Displayed 
But Never Used 

Kingsize Bedroom Set Complete 
$225. White Gold Bedroom Set, 
Bamboo Hatton, Herculon Sofa and Chair $139. Recliner $59. 
Extra Firm Full Size Bed $o5. 
Stereo, Sofa Sleeper, $165. Con 
Deliver, Terms. 
Smith Construction Co. 
• M IS -! Speedway 349-4127 

Com m ercial Neon Elec. Sign, double panel 3'x4’ on 6 ft pole, 
Reads. Accounting, Notary Pub­ lic, 
Texas. 
Can be changed. 
43S-2364. 
Commercial pressure cooker, 2 display eases, other grocery'* equipment. 674-oo87 atter 4pm 

Commercial meat slicer. Cash register, Burroughs. 735-7264 
D E N N IS O N Electric Pinning- 
Marking machine. Model A, com­ plete with num erical and al- phobetico) type. *12*. 226-8137. 
For ALL NEW ond USED Kitchen 
Equipment and Supplies. See 
Levinson Restaurant Supply Co. i m . i a n . R e n ™ 
733-o931. 

Extra Firm 

■ Orthopedic Kingsize Mat- 
1 tress, 2 Box Springs and 
Foundation, $75. Still in' 
Original Package. Quedn 
Size set, $65. Full Size set*. $55, Twin Size Set. 
Can Deliver, terms. 
• 

Smith Construction Co. 
, S513-B Speedway 349-4127 

T HI AL UUU WUmeiR fo e FAST RISULT5 
Pl ACI TOUR WANT AO 
IN THI (XPRI55 N IW$ 
CAIL 225 1666 

) 

oo168137 

25-D j q ^ A n t o n j o ^ g X P R g S S - N E W S — 
S u n d o y M a y 1 5 1 9 7 7 1 

I H A u t u m i i 

 g14 AWTIQttES 
AUCTION 

Fullsixe B a r r e ls ........................................... 
$ 1 4 .9 5 
H a lf B a r re ls ................................................... 
$ 8 .9 5 
Q u a n tity D isco u n ts A v a ila b le 

 k 

H A R D W A R E S T O R E S 1 
BILD MART 
6o1 Florida at Hoefgen • PH. 534*5488 

Xandy Cane Children’s Center 
V 
323 W. Sunset 

822-3o16 
“SUMMER PROGRAM!! 

 large swimming pool 
Group swimming instructions 

Diving board ■ slide 
W ater Games / 

OUTDOOR ACTIVITIES 
Volley Ball 
Cook-Outs 
Basketball 
Field Trips 
Badminton Games 
- to parks - lakes 

INDOOR ACTIVITIES 
Arts-Crafts TV-Music 
Gam es 

Near Loop 41o and Broadway 

"D O N ’T M ISS THS FUN!! 
HENROU NOW !! 

STONE FRONT 
BRICK — ARTIFICIAL— NATURAL 
ALSO FIREPLACES 
$4 3 9 OO 

IOO Sq. Ft. 
M I N I M U M 
J O B 

ALCOA ALUMINUM SIDING. .s.149 °° 

Throw away your old leaky window & we will install our new 

Heavy duty alum inum m ade to order windows for brick and 

 fram e houses— new screens included. 
VINYL SIDING 

W H Y PAY M O R E ? 
A d d -A -R oom -Bath -D e n -G arage s 
THIS WEEK’S SPECIAL! 

1ox12 ROOM ADDITION 
$1995 
1ox2o DEN.....................$32oo 
2ox2o GARAGE.................$2295 
7x12 BATHROOM (C O M PLETE) 
$1995 
1ox2o WOO w/mo OR carport (W/CONCRETE NOOR). .,$1195 

FREE ESTIMATES-—NO DOWN 
A D D -A -R O O M CO. 
433-2574 
ED MENDEZ 
3o22 W. CO M M ERCE 

G E N . C O N T R A C T O R 
S A N A N T O N IO . TEX. 

BRANDENBURG 
YARD SERVICE 

For Free Estim ate Call 

226-777o 

 or 675-o729 

A ll K in d s o f L a w n W o r k 

MISSION HARDWOOD 
LUMBER COMPANY 

I IO Grades & Thicknesses in 3o Species. 

★ 
★ 
★ 
★ 
★ 

M A H O G A N Y 
BIRCH 
MAPLE 
OAK 

W A L N U T 
A S H 
C Y P R E S S 
ETC. 

— a l s o — 
REDWOOD • WESTERN RED CEDAR - 
YELLOW PINE 

HARDWOOD PLYWOOD ALSO AVAILABLE 
1817 S. PRESA 
Call 534-61o7 

 k lic h e n c a b in e t *. R e c o r d * . S e w in g m a c h in e , f u r n it u r e , t o v * , lo t * of| clo th in g. Sat Sun. Tom til D a r k 
I 
14o7 W. T ra v is, 727 1734__________ ] 
G ig a n t i c G a r a g e S a le 
M a y 
11 13th. v to 6, M a y 14th 9 to ii. St. J 
F r a n c is e p isc o p a l C h u rch , 4242 t 
B iu e m e l R n L o c a te d oft In te r. state lo a nd w u rib o c h . 
. 
L iv in g lo o m fu rn itu re 22* W ei" le v ie r B lv d ( T e r r e ll M I O M a y 
13 ti, Ip m Aprn 
__________________ 

I eve veal, porl-o-potty, p ortab le typ e w rite r, clothe*, b a b y ite m *,; 
R a g g e d y A n n and A n d y c rib a n d c h e st, in c lu d in g m a n y e x t r a * ! 
T h u r s t o n . 
441* 
Su n 
G ate. e s s - * / * * __________ 

M o v in g . 
U s e d f u r n i t u r e , m a cra m e , n ic k-n a c k*. H i t C o r i­ ta, 828 o2o3 
5 u r " fT r $ t - 5 a r TTg T ' T I L 
M u lti-fa m ily , e v e ry th in g in c lu d m g the k itc h e n sto v e 6p ly l l ” deep Wre*, other tire*, V W g e n e r­ ator, w ater bed, carpet*, d rap e s, lin e n *, d is h e s, c lo th e s, g a m e s . 

922 MUSICAL IWSTRUMtkTS 

T f v a T ? r T a r n T ir ? T ir T ? o r T T T ? e T ? c ase O v e r ssoo invested T a ke u t m o y e 2* 8* 
A M P So o n L o n ce i s B o s * with I Vs’ 
Altec*, go a d cond. 4*4 <*2*. 

N E W A N O U S E D P IA N O S A N O 
O R G A N S A T S I G S A V I N G S s o m e o s lo w a t * 2 * 5 
A n t iq u e 
K n o b s, a ra re b a rga in . C h ic k e r ing G ra n d , like new, only *2 **5 
N e w Spinets, STM , la rg e selection 
A lso Rent-to b u y 
DacOsif s Music Plaza j 
Southside 723 *151 14oo N ognfito* ! 
N o rth side * 5 4 * * 6 1 
$235 W olzem I 
(3 b lk * E a s t of W in d so r M a li) 

A t T E N T IO N 
C H U R C H 
A N O M U S IC L O V E R S ! 
R e t ir e d d e n ie r W A R E H O U S E 
C L O S E O U T . A b so lu te w h o le sa le p iu s th e c o st of t h is a d . K I M ­ 
B A L L 'S F in e s t C h u r c h O r g a n , com plete w ith J stereo cabinets. 
L a r g e selection of K im b a ll H o m e 
O rga n s, K im b a ll G ra n d s, Studios, 
A r t ist C o n so le s, A r t ist S p in e ts 
O p p ortu nity Of yo u r lifetim e All in stru m e n ts m u st go! P ia n o O r g a n D i s c o u n t W a r e h o u s e , * 1 o 
M a i n 
S t , . B a s t r o p , 
T x 
B y a p p o in t m e n t o n ly a n y t im e d a y ,e v e n in g. S u n d a y , 1-321 387*. 
Let rin g 2o tim es 
— e m f t f f f f f f p t i n o T o — 
* 
N o T im e L im it on R e n ta ls 
*.*.*..» I..*.,*.... e - r . t i.... a .— i 
R e nta l P u rc h a se P io n 
M a y I 2 to ii, M o r M I I I Spm i m 
' , M ? W .W oodtaw n 
734 4217 
I Loc kn u t Selm o, corn er of P r im 
D r 

P O R C H S A I '# ' '1 2 W D R E X E L , g o o d e x p e n s iv e J r. c lo t h e s , d r e s s e s , p an ts, sh o rts, b lo u s e s a n d m any m ore! W o m a n '* clo th ­ ing, size s 12-14, h a n d b a g s a nd tots of M is c 
All like new! 

H a m m o n d So u n d e r O r g a n l i k e 
I new *5oo 435 o24o 

Gory’s Antique Auction House 
\ 

6 1 ? Colorado, Hwy. H S , Lockhart 

A m e r ic a n A n t iq u e A u c t io n 

Sunday, May 15— 1 PM 
GARY S AUCTION HOUST 
617 Colorado, Hwy. 1i3— Lockhart, Texts 
This Sup? moi load of Amnicon Antiques horn tsnmytvonio, by Herb 

I in mon You D o n 't w an! ta m itt this fin * auction! 
PARTIAL LISTING: WALNUT VICTORIAN HJRNITURI, lorg* (Omer cabinet, carved with beveled milton and beveled gloss doors Very fancy marble topped blesser with bowfront 
Marble topped washstands Hnlltree Trundle feinting couch bookcase with beveled gloss doors, sofa, footy his and hers chairs Washstands bedroom suite 
~ dresser, washstand and bed. luti st!* spool bed bop* sleigh bed 
{single) 2 moibl# top dressers lamp tobies fancy chest of Browers with carved fruit pulls lincoln racket 6 rows carved Victorian dining chain 
Hatlchoi! 
Oropleaf roble OAR, PRIAAITIVI ANG HAISCH* 
LANiOUS FURNITURE bowfront china cabinets Bookcase secretaries. 
(bino buffet. Round and tqusre rabies Dining tables. 2 rolltop desks with 
S-roll Savor* china cabinet with curved glass door Fancy dressers Wnshs lands with towel rocks Wall shelf Child's ladderbork homemade chon 
Spindle bock hiahchaic and troy with matching child's rocker Sectional bookcases — 2 3 section, I S section Marble top dresser Cresting screen 
Child's rocker with cone bottom S spindle bock kitchen choirs with cane seats 4 dining chairs with corved North Wind heads Rockers. 2 sent school desk (cost iron legs) Pion# stools Wardrobe bentwood hot tree Holltie* 
Morris choir Desk Dtopleaf kitchen table Sideboards 2 fancy nim choirs with tapestry upholsteiy tamp tables, 4 kitchen choirs beds buffet with 
Chippendale feet Child s rolltop desk Preside WICKER'. Victorian platform rocker Rockets, tobies, desk choirs boskets plus several other pieces 
MISCELLANEOUS DECORATIVE ITEMS: Old (Hines* bisque figure Sinclair oil con. Shoe makers tools brass gas table lamp with white shad* Railroad oil can Sterling mirror ond brush set. Cherry pitter Top hot with letter case. Electric dor! game with remote contin! (around 2 years old) Poe Wet knives Brass padlocks Budwefser sign blue pitcher ana bowl signed Mc 
COV Several wood planes Cutlass sugar and creamer Redwote mixing bowl Horn bandied cane Wooden cheese bot (appet loosting pan Press­ ed glass centerpiece. Kitchen clock Wall clock 
INSPECTION: Sunday, May IS, IO AM until salt time. 
M a n y M a n y m ara Vina Q uality Antiqua I tam , 
IN V!ST IN QUALITY tor additional Inform ation Coli St 2 3 *8 -3 7 o 1 ar 3 o 3 -7 o o 3 

T M I A U C T I O N E I R n 
, 
B 
V m 
. / s . r u e s i 
TxGc 77-o386 
G A R Y F IN G L E M A N 

Sheik la is h a v in g a g a ra g e sa le 
F rid a y . M a y 2o P la nts and stuff. 
75o* Stan d in g Oak. L iv e O ak 
T O O S O O D TO M IS S ! M ulti tarni ly G a r a g e S a le c lo th e s, to y s, f u r n it u r e , w ic k e r , a la n t s a n d m u ch M o re ! L a u re l Hill, 4118 Mt. 
Lau rel. * to 5 Only, T h ur to F r i 

YOUR a u lo i TO DSPtNDARLi SfffVICf 
SERVICE MRECTOffY 

TO PLA Cf AOS IN THIS DIRtCfORY CALL 

U tility poles, se curity lights, alec. m eters, tim e clocks, tra n sfo rm e r 
A f t e r 5 o m w d ( d v v e 8 4 2 2 3 j ^ ^ ^ ^ 

93o MERCHANDISE WMTED 

A ntiques, A p pliances. F u rn itu re 
WE PAY MORE 

934 
BUSINESS DIRtCTORV 

A D D IT IO N S 

R t 'l i a b i r T T T p T n t m T H ^ x p T H f w o r k m a n s h ip 
A d d i t io n s - 
R e m o d e lin g C o n c re te 432 3*32, 
43o-oo*7 att 6 

E state s. A n yth in g at V alue...from I one piece to houseful. Call 
342-4755 A n ytim e ________Est. 1*4* 
B u y in g late m odel re frig e ra to rs, fre e ze r * n eeding rep a ir 341 1865. 

CAMERA EXCHANGE 
Buy, Sell, Trade, R e p a ir 
5322 S A N P E D R O 
828 2327 

C A S H tor y o u r U se d P ia n o 
224-7 1 1 1 or 224 I IO? 
D IA M O N D S 
W illiam s, 227-87o2, ISO E H ou sto n 
I b u y W a s h e r s n e e d in g r e p a ir 
K e n m o re , 
W hirlpool, and 
G E . 
533-o762, 

 r n BUY ANYTHING 
T H A T D O E S N 'T E A T ! ! ! 
C A L L J IM L IS T E R 
633 26oo or 6)1 o)4o 

 mr 
PUBLIC SALE! 
Manufacturer to You 
Still in Crates 
Fully Assembled 

$ 2 6 9 . 9 5 
Full Price Delivered 

Over 2,ooo brand new 1977 model big powerful 7 H P Briggs 8 Stratton 
Mustang Riding Lawn Mowers. With full factory warranty Must be sold immediately. Not for S469.9S, only $269.95. full price delivered Dozer blade and grass catcher available. Place your order now or write for free picture brochure 
- . 
. . . 
Call A n y tim e : 7 1 3 — 
9 3 2 -o 2 2 1 
M & M MFG. SALES OF TEXAS 
8 33 6 Long Point Road 
Houston, Texas 77o8o 

HUGE RUMMAGE 
SALE 
ANTIQUES 
KENDALL COUNTY 
FAIR GROUNDS 
BOERNE, TEXAS . 
May 14-15, 
1oam-6pm 
Auction 4pm-6pm 

German Sausage 
Dinner 
Pits, Cakes, 
, 
Streudel 
For information call 
Bill Chamberlin 696-2522 

H o sp ita l bed, c ru tc h e s, w a lk e r , portable com m ode. L IK E N E W ! 
433-8615 
2hp m otor, 22o o r U S volts, R P M '* 
345o. 342 8*6o. 

I Jee p ste ering ge ar, new. R o s s twin Nit. Hts 1*42-1*52, 342-8*6o 
K i n g s i z e m a t t r e s s a n d b o x sp rin g s set, SISO 655 *4oo 
K in g s l e y M o n o g r a m m in g M o - chine with v a rio u s C a p s 
5275. 
684-6761 
__________ _______________ 

L a rg e 2 door refrigerator, white, 
*75. 226-7426. 

P ia n o F o r Sale U p righ t *4oo. C all 
224-711 1 o r 735 o834 

Mc Oougal wilt Pay Cask 
F o r F u r n it u r e a n d A p p lia n c e s 
D a y , *53 5242 N ight; *53 o49! o r 
*55-2235. 
O ld P h o n o g ra p h R e co rds, b u y in g collections 341 o978 

* P ie ce P e c a n M e d ite rra n e a n b e­ d r o o m se t, c o s t * 1 3 o o n e w , sa c rific e for *6oo. 826-7**1, 3223 
H o w ard , Apt. 33. p T n T a T l S A n 6 - j W 
§ b 6 x # S for sale. C oll after 4pm, 344-7444. 
P ly w o o d boxes, 4x8x7 8 Sh ee ts ol plyw ood, *26-13o8 

W A N T E D : G o r a g e ty p e t lo o r : la c k , a ls o , s m a ll p o r t a b le a ir c o m p re sso r M u st be rea so n ab le , i 
532-1332 
W A d i t i o : P o r t a c rib in g o o d j condition. Reasonable. 657 1512 

TOP PRICES 

2 la rge natural rottan a rm c h a irs a n d ottom an, 4 -stra n d c o n s t r u c ­ tio n . V in y l c o v e r e d c u s h io n s . 
V e ry excellent cond 824-5*36. 

L a w n b o y self propelled, e le ctric starter. O rig in a l p rice 136o. ty r, 
525o 341-1137. 
L A W N 
E D G IE R K A S g a s e n g tn e (B A S ) driven. U se d h o u rs. 
L ike new 657-2417 atte' S P M 

Pool table, beautiful B ru n sw ic k I ' slate, v e ry good cond C o m p le te with alt a c c e * and light, *575. (3o yr*, o ld ) 822-174o 
P ool Table, old M a h o g a n y B r u n s ­ wick, 341-6358 
Q ueen Size b edroom suite, c o rn e r unit sleep set. 6*9-31o6 att 4 
R a d io re c e iv e r, B C 7 79 A , p o w e r sup p ly, sale-trade. 342-866o_______ 
Recliner, *4$ 
C all 633-o727 

A A U se d ibr., pibg., turn., etc. 527 
C y p re ss. 732-2437 
A F R I C A N V I O L E T S a n d s u p ­ plies. N o rth e a st 656-6328 
A gre at b u y ! H e o v v -D u fy clothes d rye r. M o v in g -c a n ’t use. H a rv e st gold Coli 4*4-6488 Oft JPM . 

A ir cond. 18,ooo B T U . N e w c o m ­ p resso r, excellent *225 *57-o91o 
A ir con d ition er SH O Stereo with tap e r e c o rd e r , *1oo. L o v e se a t , 
S4o. 826-o512.______________________ _ 
A lr C o n d it i o n e r t i 1 r ig Id a ire , 
12,ooo B T U , H S V , *165. 927-5827 
A u conditioner, 18,5oo Se ars. C o ­ b ra 4o c h a n n e l C B 661-2586 

A i r c o n d it io n e r s , 
2 
S e e r s : 
6 o o O B T U , 514o, 5 o o o B T U , S U O 
T ra d e r w a lker, *25. D ish w a sh e r, 
SSO. 225-173* o fte r Spm _____ 
A IR C O N D I T I O N E R ! F o d d e r s , 
SHOO B T U , H S V , $125. *27-5827 

A IR C O N D IT IO N E R S ! W hirlpool, 
1o,ooo B T U , 11oV, *1oo C a rrie r, 
6oooBTU , *6o 4*2 2414 

A ir C on d ition er. 18,ooo B T U , like new, *175 cash. 674-8*56.__________ 
A ir C on d ition er, like new. Old Iro n 
D o u ble Bed, Stove S3o. 534-785* 
A ir C o n d itio n e r, go o d condition, 
6ooo B T U . S75 654-6615 
A m e r ic a n A ir L in e tra v e l car tificate w orth *4oo, a sk in g *35o. 
661 6845. 

 a n t i q u e b e a u tifu l g la s s w a r e a n d fu rn itu re . N O J U N K ! G ifts, o d d s a n d ends. 624-2o78 
A n tiq ue d re sse r, s I OO Dinette, 3 c h a irs, $35. M O R E ! 732-723o 
A ntiques, O rien tal rugs, cut glass, 
O liver, ch in a , c ry sta l, p a in tin gs. 
732-6435 1oom -6pm ________________ 
A p p le b y T e n f-t ra ile r. S le e p s 6 . in tl. b e d s, s p a r e tire s, a n d lu g- g a g e ro ck. 661-56*4________________ 

A p t size sto v e a n d re frig e ra to r, a ls o g l a s s d in in g ro o m se t fo r sole. 333-8178 
A q u a riu m , IO g a l com plete, 
*23-o97o atter Spm. 

A rm y Rifle R a c k s 

 a n d M ilk C ans 
*14.95 ea. F irst com e, first served. 
5o35 Roose velt, 924-8771. 
A u t o m a t ic W a s t ie r a n d D r y e r . 
56S. each. C all 224-5o75___________ 
B a b y stro lle r for sale 
______________ 226-2543______________ 
B o r r e l r o lle r , b e lt m a s s a g e r , hide-a-bed, G E built-in oven. A ll in good condition. 342-2172___________ 

12o B A S S H O H N E R P IA N O A C - 
C O R D IA N , R e aso n a b le . 656-8o16. 
B a r a P o lle n u x w a te r m e ss a g e , attachm ents, 
W hirlpool, new 
826-7316 
B a t h r o o m c a b in e t , w ith w h ite s in k , 3 1 x2 o . o n d s in k m ir r o r , 
42x32 *5o, B e ve le d m irro r, 26x38 chipped corn er, $5. D o o r m irro r, 
45x11, *2. 4 W all p laques, 1ox17, 
*1o, S w in g door, 32x79, SIO. D in in g ceiling light, *1o. 826-657$._________ 
B e a u tifu l F o r m ic a C o v e re d b a r with sh e lf 18ft lo n g by 3 5 " wide. 
A ls o I 18ft. c o u n t e r f o r m ic a cove red 534-3831 o r 532-2683.____ 
B e d Q u e e n s iz e a n d h ld e -a -b e d , e xce lle n t condition. A tter 5 M o n - 
Sat, all d a y Su n 736-5828 d ro o m set, tullsize bed. L iv in g ro o m fu rn itu re , b oo kca se , w ood sc re e n , a cc e n t table, m a ple d in ­ in g set, c h in a cabinet, r e frig e ra ­ to r, Q u e e n A n n b u ffe t, 4 o a k c h a ir s , w a r d r o b e , tw in b e d , la m p s , p ic t u r e s , clo th e s, tap e recordei and d in in g table with 6 
Choirs. 824-42o2. 

B e d r o o m se t, 5 -p le c e , *1 5 o . 
M a tc h in g so fa a n d chair, *15o. AH in good t o n d i11on. 532 6947________ 

B ic y c le s , '2 8 ", 2 4 " a nd 2 6 " sta n ­ d a rd type and IO speeds. C heap. 
224-8565. 

B e d ro o m set, com plete, *1 8 * N ic e tw in beds, *135. White P ro v in c ia l d re sse r, chest, $7* each. R o u n d d in ette set, $65. S p a n ish co ffe e table, *39. E n d ta b le , 529. so fa , 
$4* W a rd ro b e , *79. G la ss m aple b o o k c a s e , *4 *. D is h e s , lin e n s , m u ch m ore. 17o5 W est Ave., I to 7 pm . 732-6595. 

Desks! Desks! Desks! 
O a k, W alnut, M eta l. E x e c u t iv e , 
Se c re ta ry , Student • la rg e se le c ­ tion. 579.5o a n d up. A ls o G o o d s e le c t io n of F I L E C A B I N E T S 
( r o m 569.5o 
1 131 B a s s e R d . , 
733-7367, 734-3o81 

B icycle, 4 speed F re e Spirit, S2o. 
C all 69o-oo84 
D i n i n g set, c h in a c a b in e t , r e ­ frig erato r, stove, couch-love seat, s e c r e t a r y , b e d ro o m su ite (1 kin g s iz e ) , h id e -q -b e d , b u n k b e d s , chest, m aple dinette, hutch, 
648-1*94. 

B ig B r a s s k in g s iz e h e a d b o a rd . 
*65. 3 p ie ce kin g size m a ttre ss set, e x tra firm , newer used, with w ide ro lle r steel fra m e SH S. G e n e ra lly h om e 684-8234. 
D in in g table, uniaue ro ck m aple, 6 c h a irs, hutch, 55oo. 736-5724 
21 " B la c k and white T V console, 
*6o. 622-3164 
D ish w a sh e r, G E , top loader, p o r­ table, excellent condition. 
828-7377. 
B o y 's H u ffy 1o-speed b ike. *65. 
Call: 434-1564 atter 5. 
B u n k B ed s or Tw in s, stu rdy, like new . T r u n d le bed, so fa set, b e ­ d r o o m set, w a sh e r, d ry e r, *75., fully size bed and fra m e SSO 
656-8134. 

D is h w a s h e r , K e n m o r e , S e a r s best. L ik e new. 5225. 923-1115 
D ish w a sh e r, W a rd s convertible, 4 level w a sh , excellent cond., H a r ­ v e s t G o ld . *1 5 o o r b e s t o ffe r . 
828-7236 736-8323 
C a m e ra , 35m m M ira n d a O, r-1.9, case, flash, $1oo 342-7893 
D iv a n a nd m atchin g choir, e x c e l­ le n t c o n d . N e w ly u p h o ls t e r e d 
*3oo 822-7o1o 
C e d a r Siding, No. 2 and better, 8 " a n d IO " w ide, 15c o nd 2oc L F . 
M o re F e n c in g com ing. 1-42o-2786 
D iv o rc e Sale! S e a rs K e n m o re top of the lin e w a s h e r a n d d r y e r , 
349-8975 atter Spm 
1 c e n tra l a ir cond , new, 15,ooo 
B T U , C om fort A ir. 342-866o 
C h a i r s , 4 B e n t w o o d , $58 s c i. 
W in g b a c k r e c lin e r , SJO. L o v e seat, red velvet, *95. W heel chair, 
*2 o 
C a r p e t , g o ld 1 1 x 1 4 ', $35. 
B o o k c a s e , h e a v y w o o d , S2 S. 
C A S H ! 434-6673 

D r y e r , ele ctric, 5125. i o o k top, 
*15. Fireplace, 51oo. 226-8482. 

D r y e r , g a s h e a vy-d u ty, w r in k lt - gu ard . L ike new 5125. *23-1115 

D r y e r 1, W e s t in g h o u s e e le c t r ic , w o rk s well, 535. 648-1721 
C h a n d e lie r , m a s s iv e w r o u g h t iro n , 2 tie rs, sta in e d g la s s w ith c an d e la b ra. A p p ra ise d 53So firm . 
822-771o 

E le c . ran ge , se!4 c le a n in g oven, 
515o. D ish w a sh e r, portable W h ir l­ pool, *125. 732-723o 
E le c tric P ia n o tor sale. A tte r 6, 
824-58o8 
C h i l d r e n 's c o ts, $9 eo., m e ta l fra m e w ith blue c a n v a s 227-o374 in c v c io p e d ia , com plete set 19o4 new stand ard . 732-723o 
C o lle c to r w a n fs J im B e a m a n d 
W ild T u rk e y Bottles. 684-5o35. 
F o d i b a l ! Table for sale, * 2 ^ go o d condition. 732-7*41. 
C o lo r T V , i i ' ' A d m ir a l s o lo a r color portab le w ith ro ilin g stand, 2 
'•j y rs. old. E x c e lle n t con d itio n . 
*325. C o o r is gre at! 656-8427 a fte r 
5:3opm 

F re e z e r, frost-free, *6o. L a d y 1* 
1o-speed bike, *85. 734-5*12. 
F r ig id a ir e w a sh e r, a n d G E g a s d ry e r *125 each o r *2 2 * for both, call 824-1428 after 6pm. 
C O L O R T.V . *12*. B W T.V . 54o. 
COH 673-8*66. 
C o lo r TV , 25 " console, exce llen t condition, *15o. 824-2844 
F r i g i d a ir e R e f r ig . F r o s t - # r e e , perfect cond *2oo *18 M e lissa 

C a lo r T V , J C 
P e n n y 's l 5 ” , Ll rn os. Old, 673-o562 925-2o57 

F u rn ltu re -A p p lian c e s-Je w e iry 
A ll A p p lic a t io n s a p p r o v e d w ith re q u ire d dow n paym ent. Colt Im ­ p e rial Fu rn . 222-2227. 41* B ra d y . 
2 5 " C o lo r TV , I m o old. E xce lle n t condition. C ost $55o. 
Sell *35o. 
828-858o 
F u rn itu re ! Sectional sofa, c h a irs, tab le s, desk 822-383* 
C O L O R T V Portab le *125. B W T V 
*37.5o. 73J-o762 
G a r a g e d o o r, *5 o , c h e s t o f d ra w e rs *35, 611 B a rw o o d 
C o lo r T V , 19” S y lv a n ia , ta b le m odel, go o d cond *8o. Atter Spm 
923-26o2 

G a rd e n Tractor, C ase, 14 H P with h y d ra u lic lifts. 3 pf. h oo ku p , 41” m o w e r, a n d d o u b le g a n g d is c . 
*875. 337-6*13. 
Colt 45 R e v o lv e r, m ilita ry m odel 
1918, E x c e ll. C o n d w ith u n ia u e d isp la y case. A C o lle c to r's item. 
*3oo firm . 623-4*74 att 4pm 

9 1 " G illia m so fa, p e c a n fra m e , va lu e *65o for *3oo. P e c an coffee ta b le v o lu e S3oo fo r SISO , O c to g o n a l pecan la m p table v o lu e 
*2oo fo r 51oo. IB M E le c. t y p e w ­ riter M o d e l C carb on* valu e *375 for *225. 497 *523. 

C om p lete d a rk o ak b ed roo m su iie 
*275. A tter 4pm, 341-2o*5. 
C o p p e r t o n e 
R e t r ig . 
2 -d r ., 
F r o s t - F r e e . 5125. G a s R a n g e , 
$125. Dinette, 54o. M o re ! 734-6112. 
G olf C lu b s for left h an d ed golfer* com p le te w ith b ag, putter, c o v e rt, 
E x c e l cond. *1oo. 655-23o3 
C ouch, go o d condition ISO. C h a ir 
*2o. S p a n is h style p a in tin g s a n d a c c e sso rie s. 534-o23o after 3pm. 
G olf C lu b s, m atched set, 3 w oads, 
* iro n s. 224 1944 534-8452 
C ou ch *6o. L o v e se a t *5o. R e c lin e r 
SSO go o d b uy. T h ic k g la s s table la m p , SSS. E x c e lle n t c o n d itio n . 
S e a r s d eh u m id tier *5o. L a m p a nd sh a d e SIS. 653-o452. 

G ro lle r’s T H E w 6 r L 6 'S G R E A T 
C L A S S IC S , com plete, n e v e r used. 
Atter 6om w k d a y s 534-7*o* 

Q u it a r , V e n t u r a , 4 t ir in g w ith case, SISO or best otter 821-5958. 
C o u c h , Tx m a ttre ss, b o x s p r in g , b o o k c a se , 2 n ig h t st a n d s, r u g s , desk chair. 337-8245. 
H a y w a rd W ake field b in in g r o o m set. De n and bedroom furniture. 
R e frige ra to r, g a t dryer, 
M isc . 
826-711o. 
C o u c h with endtables attached, I c h a ir 
R e d m e dite rran ea n . 51oo. 
342-3979 otter 5:3o pm. 
H e a v y ste e l i- b e a m t . F o u r , 
I3 ’4” x 6 ", one i l '4 ” x2 ” . HOO all, 
534-2oo* 
C u t g la s s, c a rn iv a l, d e p re ssio n , b r a s s lam p, oid furniture, p ictu re fram e s, too n u m e ro u s to m ention. 
218 T e rre ll A ve. (H a ria n d a le ) 
H E I R L O O M P e d e s t a l M i r r o r * 
Solid B ird se y e M ap le 734 -4531. 
5 ask a n d c h a ir *25. stro lle r 58. 
Sin k 58. 684-291* 
H id e -A -B e d with m attress. A s is. 
*3o.oo. 
3 la w n m o w e rs, 
*15. 
534 448o. 
D in in g ro o m table with 5 c h a irs 

L a w n m o w e rs good conn 2o' SSO 
22" S55, 438 O rc h a rd 337-36o5 

L IN O L E U M S A L E : H e a vy V in y l 
L in o le u m $4.95 sa .yd for C le a r ­ ance, L in o le u m R e m n a n ts, W a ll 
P a p e r 9o-11.oo. Insid e Latex $5.95 gal. E x te rio r L atex Hom e P oin t, 
B e s t G ra d e . S t .*5 ga l. W in d o w 
G la s s V e n e tian B lin d s, *8.9* ea. 
T e rm s . G E R H A R D T * 533-7149, 
1612 S. H a ck b e rry, 
L iv in g and din in g room set, b u n k beds, other item s, 432-2531. 
L iv i n g ro o m f u rn itu r e , d in in g room , dinette set, b ed roo m suit, hide-a-bed, 3 b a r stools, w a sh e r, d rye r, plants, 681-13o1_____________ 
M a h o g a n y b e d ro o m set, t r a d i- tional, com plete double bed, triple d r e s s e r a nd m irro r, n igh tsta n d , 
* 1 * o . W r o u g h t Ir o n f ir e p la c e screen, *15, coll atter 5, 684-o387. 
2 m a n life raft s is , c a m p in g tent 
*4o. 2 se ts of M a r k IV h u b c a p s a n d rim s. *1oo a set. 4*7-3622. 

R e d u c e d 12x16 h e a v y d uty stor- age, term s, free delivery. 732-5171 
R e frige rato r, A d m iral, white, 14.3 
CU ft, no fro st, sp e c ia l e n e r g y sa v e r m odel. Just 12 mo. old, *27$. 
684-7714 atter 5PM . 

W o rd s H e a vy D uty W a sh e r. 
534-o748 
*6o. 

W a s h e r , h e a v y duty. *14o, lik e i j j i r 1 a-'A " 
11.3 r 
3 new. T w in bed, good cond SSO ; W A N T T O B U Y old ga so lin e and 

U N L I M I T E D B U Y IN G 
F u rn itu re , Antiques, A p p lia n c e s 
734-9773 
W A N T E D 
P a y c o s h fo r la r g e a ntique rolltop desk. 733 *46o 
W A N T E b 
W o r k i n g o r N o n 
W o r k in g r e fr ig e r a t o r s : 435-555o o r 673-767o 

REMODELING 
C O M P L E T E F IN A N C IN G 
F R E E E S T I M A T E S 
G 6 S LUMBER 
4647 R O O S E V E L T 
*24 (556, *24-8557 

A S P H A L T 

Sp ecial! zf m T T i r iK p h a i r a n T T o ir crete D r lv ts , 681-o874 A n ytim e ! 

A S P H A L T - C O N C R E T E 
W O R K 

I T Tm tcrelTTm TvfnjnioITze zP w o o d d e s ig n p a tio s, sid e w a lk s , d r iv e w a y s. R o o m A d d it io n s N o 
Job Too Sm a ll! 534 887 
T o u n d a t lo n , p a t io s , 
I 
F o u n d a t i d riv e w a ys, asphalt, Lie. 534 166o 
B E S T P R I C E S F A 4 T I e i R v T c F ' patios, d riv e w a y s 
*27-27o7 
*2/ 2737 
B E 5 T P R I C E S P R O F . W O R K 
O n all C o n c re t e , r o c k a n d M a ­ so n ry w o rk done now ! F r e e E st. 
Coll 734 o7o1 
C O N C R E T E , "V 

674-2128. 
W e d d in g d ress, size, ll 12, A lfre d 
A n g e lo O rig in a l, b e a u tifu l b e a d ­ ing. 225-7655 

 o il a d v e r t is in g , o ld s ig n s , g a s p u m p s, globes, etc 654-687* 

W e d d in g d ress, size IO, w orn once in A u stin . 653 7198 736-8571 iW h e e fc h a ir, c o m m o d e , r o llin g w a lk e r with s ect. 732-4126_________ 

W h irlp o o l A ir C ond 23,6oo B t u , 
SIPP 225-66o4______________________ 
" 
" W IN C H E S T E R 36-3o 
' 
661-5o83 

W a b u y fu rn itu re , A p p lia n c e s 
E sta te s A n tiq ue s G la ss w a re etc 
BEST PRICES PAID 
532-6641 
653-3714 anytim e, 655-4634 eves. 
J O H N A R O W L A N D B A R N E S 
L ic e n se d and Bonded B u y e rs 

H o t , w a lk s , a d d it io n s , 
F R E E 
F r a n k 
2$yrs. exp d r iv e s , 
E stim a te s 
133 196o 
_________ _ c 6 W " c f i * f i " W B I K T A sp tia it'o T ^ 
Rooting. F re e E stim a te s 337 a t l i 

O Z U N A S A s p h a lt a n d P a v in g 
S id e w a lk s, p a tc h e s, d r iv e w a y s , concrete slabs. 
F R E E 
Est. 
922 7o2* 
P A T I C i r W A L K O ) f t ’IV E VV A V S : 
T IL E Best tor L e s s! 435 4274 i p *>~c i a I i z I n g c o n c ro te , d r iv e w a y s , p a tio s , s id e w a lk s . 
O o v night 
F re e 
Est. 
735-13o4 
732-7413 

E X C A V A T IO N 
S E R V I C E 

GREER CONST. DO. 
Site P re p a ra tio n , L a n d C le a r in g a n d o th e r G e n e r a l E x c a v a t io n 
W o rk 
J O 45o C T r a c k L o a d e r , 
B a c k h o e o n d R i p p e r , D u m p 
T ru ck 222 8S91, D a y N ight! 

F L O O R W A X I N G 

Strip W a xT Fu Y T ""* 
Jai ry, 7J2 58o9 att Spi- 

F O U N D A T IO N S 

►ABC HOUSE LEVELING* 
3ovr$. L e v e lin g E xp . 
G u a ran te e d w ork. 
534-732* 

A Foundation PROBLEM? 
A ll fy p e s of fo u n d a tio n r e p a ir s , 
W e sp e cia liz e In le ve lin g, c e d a r post, p eer-b eam and slab fo u n d a ­ tion Call the e xpe rts 824 2171 

P A I N T I N G 

A A Yin e H a n d y rn o n L o 
51 I i 
B r o o d w a y 831 (OSO. P o i n t i n g * rooting Gen. R e p a irs 
A 'S o lr n o K TnTTriq C o n f r a t t o r" 
Fre e Est. Int E xt. 714-7846 
A A K P o in t in g w ith p r id e . Vvtsy p ay m ore for lo ss! 826-4576 a 
' w r o n n c --------------- 
I N T E R IO R E X T E R I O R 
L o c ke In d u strie s 653 4561 
D a v e 's H o u s # f a in t in g F r e e es- tlm ates R e a so n a b le 675-2514 

I n l - l x l f a in t in g , ta p in g , flo at. 
Acoustic. F re e Est. *33 7615 
P a inting R e m o d e lin g R o o tin g 
126-748o 
“ p f r I z T s o n s p Ju n W g " interior 
Exterior. 
Free 
Est. 
433 o*41, 
( S h o f g « s ! 6 N X L T S r F i r » l “ ' 
K e g s F re e E stim a te s! ' 36-3353. 

S a in t s " P a in tin g T In i- S x 1 P a in ! urgjQiM^^ljUisjo3ttHl^6*4P64T^JVLarts^^ 

P L U M B I N G 

Doors dragging? 
Walls Cracking? 
A ll ty p e s lo u n d a tio n re p a ir s . 3o y r s e x p e rie n c e . A ll w o rk g u a r - anteed C all A n y tim e 534 41 lo 

•FOUNDATION 
SPECIALIST# 
Alt T y p e s of Fo u n d a tio n re p a irs, 
L o w P ric e s , H ig h Q u a lity w o rk . 
Call A n ytim e 
A B C 
C O N S T 
333 4816 
T H E I R IS H M A N L E V E O n G 
3o Y E A R S E X P E R I E N C E 
Note N e v e r T o ke the first p ric e ! 
333 *o51 or 
734 751 1 

A l l P lu m b in g R e p a i r s o n d 
R e m o d e lin g . 
7 
D a y w e e k . 
435 4316 F re e E s t 
A M o s ie r hum b e rT T ft a p a ir * a n d 
R e m od e ling. C a ll R ic h a rd . 
732 5614 or 435-664* 
■ o 3 V 6 t r v i « f § 6 r f i m w t w r 
R elloble B on d ed 822 3544 
K Xw r r u ft' B TN Q d S T K i u i , 7 . 
R e m o d e lin g N e w C o n s t r u c t io n . 
F r o g E stim a te s. 684 1136 

P L U M B E R , R e a s o n a b le , In s t a l 
I lotion, 
F R E E 
E st. 
A. 
G a r c ia 
I 227 3oo5 

P lu m b in g R e p a irs , r e m o d e lin g . 

H A U L IN G & M O V IN G 

 additions, 
434-441* 
R e b s. 
F r e e 
E st. 

 j h 
S e w e r s , le a k y f a u c e t s , w a f e r h e a le rs a n y type r e p a ir o r n e w installation T e x a s P lu m b in g C o ­ m e. 41o A B ro a d w a y . C a lf a n y ­ tim e 826 *582. 

TRY MF! 

R e f r ig e r a t o r, 21 cu (t, sid e b y side, ice m a ke r, Coppertone, 53*5. 
824-622o. 
R e f r ig e r a t o r , 2? ca ft, sid e -b v side, 3 d oor with team aker, $4oo 
654-o9*8 a n ytim e 
____ 
R e f r ig e r a t o r , SISO. G a s sto v e , 
5135. L u couch,ISS. 696-1928 

R e f r ig e r a t o r , W c u .lfl, sid e b y side, H a rv e st gold, Smos., Still in w a rra n ty. $45o 341-3585 
R O C K E R , b la ck textured v in y l, excellent condition, 56o. 69o-o235 otter 4:3o. 
R O C K S , la r g e o n d s m a ll 
N o charge. Y o u haul aw ay. 695-8814 

M a p le b u n k b e d s, $ 1 3 5 .D re sse r, 
SSO. C he st of d raw ers, SSO. F re n c h 
P ro v in c ia l d re sse r. $65. Tw in bed, 
53o. After 5, 675-1861. 

R O L E K President, hidden clasp. 
34»-33o1, 34* 1639 
_____________ 
45 S a nd W acp, unfired, in box, 
135o'. 3o-o6 Sa lk o , m a d e in F i n ­ lan d, d e lu x e w ith sc o p e . *35 o. 
658-1843 atter 6pm 

■'U» air, trun d le b ed roo m set, sofa, chal bed, 654-6725 ______________________ 
M a t t re s s and b o x sp rin g , n ew in w r a p p e r , o n ly *69 .5 o p e r so t. 
Q u e e n *1 3 4 .5 o p e r se t, K i n g 
* 1 4 *4 o per set 924-7»t7. 
M e d ite rra n e a n o ctag on al coffee t a b le o n d 2 e n d t a b le s , *2 o o . 
L a z y -B o y recliner. *15o. 4*4-5655, 
1 M e d it t t r a n e a m d o u b le b e d , h ea d b o ard and d re sse r, m a ttre ss a nd fra m e included, night sta n d optional. *1*5. L ik e N ew ; 6*6-4146. 

M o d e r n D iv a n , *7 5 , 2 c h o ir s , 
$2$ea. E a r ly A m . D iv a n *7 1 . J 
Choirs *25 eo. 344-3744 oft Spm 
?m os. O ld Bentw ood R o ck e r, E x ­ cell. Cond., Coll 461-3o14. 
M o v in g , M u st Sell - 4 pink sa tin b a c k e d c u sto m m a d e d r a p e r ie s a n d o t h e r s . B r a s s f ir e p la c e sc r e e n , o n d ir o n s . F r i g i d a l r e electric range. H a rv e st G old 19.5 cu .ft. sid e -b y -sid e fr o s t le ss G E r e f r ig e r a t o r . M a h o g a n y H i - F i re co rd player. W ood d rop le a f ta ­ ble. Fo ld in g fable. Col. All in ex- cedent condition. 733-9432. 

N e v e r used couch, loveseat, so fa c h a ir a n d otto m an , ru st b r o w n ond black plaid tweed, bv A y e rs, 
*12oo retail, will sa crifice for S49S. 
An tiq ue oak chair, red velvet with c o rv e d figureheads, ***. 341-7458. 
N e w o ak flo o rin g, still b u n d le d , 
*7 $ . B a r g a i n ! L a r g e F r e n c h d o o rs lots of g la s s *25. G a so lin e 
La w n m ow er 51o 228 *884 

O dcis e n d s tru c k tools and m o n uais, m isc 
333-182o item s. 
C all att 
4, 

Scooter M otorized, 3-wheel, r u n s good! S3oo Call 
633 26o6 
S lid e p ro je c t o r t r a y s $2o tonhol* m a k e r SS, 534-1818 
• u h 

Sm ooth top stove, great condition 
(IS O . A ls o so fa a n d m a t c h in g cha ir *1oo. 6o4-8716. 
______ 
Sofa a nd chair, light blue, S45 Call 
432-7144. 
________ _________ __ 

Sofo-bed, love seat, floral! 6 o lo r e c li n e r c h a ir . E le c . b r o o m . 
M IS C . 673-6oo9 
So to , h ig h b a c k C o lo n ia l b lu e - gre en floral, SU S. Blue w ing-b ock chair, * 35. Both like new. 344 677o 
Stereo. A M - F M 8-track record er, 
B S R turntable, includes cabinet, 3 rn os old *2oo. 225 4833 
S t e r l in g S i lv e r in t e r n a t io n a l 
“W ild R o s e " Flatw are. I pc p la ce se ttings, p lu s I * add itional se re - ing pieces. 816*5.128-7752.________ 
S t r o lle r , "re c lin e r, u illif y ’ lr o y , t h r o w p illo w s , k in g s iz e h e a d ­ b o a r d , v a c u u m c le a n e r , c o r - am ies. 432-3434._____________ 
Stron g m etal school desk c h a ir s 
G ood condition 3o for *1o ca M u st take ail. R e m in g to n a d d in g m a ­ chine, *35. *23-3341. 922-6o88 

S w im m in g pool, a b o v e g ro u n d , 
18'clr b y 4' hi., 3 yrs. old. S e o rs best. *2oo. 6*5-88o1 
S w iv e l r o c k e r s ! C o lo n ia l, *55. 
B lo ck n au ga hyd e , $3o. 674-4545 

T e a k A-2o stereo cassette deck 
K e n w o od sew ing m achine. 
732-746*.____________________ 
I 
T O R O r id in g la w n m o w e r, lik e I new, *295. 494-3133 after 5 w eek- doys, all d ay sot S u n _____________ 
Trailer^ 

6 x1o- P rin tin g p ress, 2 cabinets, 
18 c a se s type, other a ccts, *35o. 
J o h n so n 132S No. F lo re s________ 
Y A M A H A P A S Y S T E M 

We B u y R e frig e ra to rs 
734 4237, 7o7 W est Ave. 

Call 223-5735 
12o Y d s . g o ld c a rp e t, in q u o d shape. 828-11*1 tor appointm ent. 

929 - GARAGE SALES 

S T S S in t J s T s o t T lO a r o 2pm S un . 
1oam -4pm . 254 L a n a rk . A S B 1517 

W e b u y u se d d o o rs, w in d o w s , lu m b e r all kin d s b ud d in g m a te r ials. 
31o3 
W 
C O M M E R C E 
433 1221. 

W E P A V C A S H 
F o r G oo d U se d F u rn itu re 
FAWCETT FURNITURE 
416 D o lo ro sa 
227-6512 

C h u rc h Y a rd Sole. M a y 13-14, 225 
C lo vis, *27-5351. P ro c e e d s g o lo 
M i ssio n a ry ___________ _____________ 
C lothing^ fu rn itu re, Little b i! of e v e ryth in g go ra ge sale! L iv e O a k 
V illa g e . 126o2 M o s s Hollow . S u i­ su n . M a y 14-is, *om -7pm _________ 

We Pay More Gash 

F o r That G ood P ia n o 
T h a t y o u a re not u sin g 
P le a s e call M r . Leon at 223-6151 

ESTATE SALE 

L o w p ric e s H ig h Q ua lity concrete w ork. C all M r C a n tic le , 223 5667, 
223 SU S. 

C A B I N E T S 

V a r ie t y bt C a b in e ts a n d w oori w ork R e fs a v a ila b le F R E E E st 
532-56o9 

C A R P E N T R Y 

"B a u l"!n a iin T ^ n lv T n T ^ v T n r p icku p truck, 
A lso v a ra w o rk 
673-5669. 
<:Le A N u h , H A U L IN O ! (tail H o r 
Iv e y 225-2853, 225 *31 5 

 h A u l M Q A i r n b U M P iW Q 
H a v e 2 'rto n trucks. 533 1142 
I ite M o v in g b a y N ig h t 
F r o s h 
H a u li n g 
S o a p M e t a l h a u le d a w u v h ee. 923-44U. 
--------------------- v ra v T tJ S -------------------- 
C o m m H o m e Ap! Sp ecialist 
I piece o r h ouseful 
D A Y or N IT E 
656 *7o5______________ 

M O V IN G b l L I V E R Y S E R V IC E 
I BF t, T ru ck 628 1385 

R E M O D E L I N G 

 f* flin t in g a n a 
T T m m d e J lB f J sp e cializin g in room a d d itio n s 2o y e a r s e x p e r ie n c e . 
F r e e e s - ' 
I tlmates, 532-3oo2 

R O O F IN G 

9o7 -FURNITURE 
Sot. a n d Sun. 1o-5, 4o2 Taft. C a s h only. 
E S T A T E S A L E 
A ntiques C he a p 
C oil 223-6427 tor details j 
4 F a m ilie s . Q u r t r a s h Is y o u r t r e a su r e . S o m e re a l B a r g a in s ! 
G u it a r , v a c u u m , to y s, b o o k s , c lo t h e s , m u c h m o r e 
S a t - t u n 
9-6pm 7234 M o n tgo m e ry D r. ( N E oft W a lzem Rd). 

G A R A G E A N D E S T A T E S A L E : 
B o o k s , clo th es, fu rn itu re . T v 1 tires, toys, lots of custom lew eiry, 
E tc G oo d buys, C a sh -C a rry . 462o 
Trotlw ood. T h u r-Su n 432-2*72 
G A R A G E A N D P L A N T S A L E 
R e f r ig . , D e h u m id if ie r , w a t e r sottner, antique school desk, c a r ­ pet 25x11, old 7o R P M re c o rd s , p o l a r o id la n d c a m e r a , 
T V , n u m e r o u s p la n ts, m isc . Ite m s, 
So m e give-aw ays. T h u r-P ri. M a y 
1213th. 6o4 B ria r Oak, H a rm o n y 
H ills 341-3598. 
G A R A G E - R U M M A C E S A L E ! 
1327 F a ir , G olia d A v e -C ia r k St. 
9om -7pm Fri-Sot lp m sp m Sun. 
G o r a g e Sale 
53o E liza b e th R d . 
M a y 21st Only. 9-5. In case of ra in 
M a y 22nd 
P ric e d to sell in one day. 

 e x p A G E S A L E 
M a y ) } • ! $ 
C h a i r , *2 o . P ic n i c t a b le a n d b en ch e s, *1$. R e clin e r, w ro u g h t 
Iro n c h a ir , ty p e w rite r, c lo th e s 
M IS C . 63o2 W ig w a m ( T h u n d e r ­ b ird H ills) 684-3974 
G a r a g e S a le 
I6 a m - 2 p m S u n . 
M a y , 
IS. 
2333 
W 
G ra m e rc y 
732-72*1 
G A R A G E S A L E ! Sat Su n, M a y 
14-15, *a m -d a rk . 819 J o h n P a n e 
D r , G A R A G E S A L E I S a t S u n , 
M a y 14-15. 9am d a rk . 819 J o h n 
P a g e D r , (J e ffe r s o n H S a r e a ) 
C a m p in g gear, port-o-crib, O D D S 
A N D E N D S ! 735-4892 

D X m 
S f S A L E 

DFFICE CHAIRS 
E x e c u tiv e , S e cre ta ry, O c c a s io n ­ al. U pholstered, vin yl a nd genuine le a th er. Ait B ea utifu l. O v e r 2oo c h a ir s to c h o o se fro m . P r ic e d fro m $27.5o o nd up. H S I B a s s e 
T V R e c Console: Sisal R u g : Out 

Bedroom , liv in g ro o m , d in in g ro o m f u r n it u r e . 
, i-w h e e F e n c io s e d b o x ,! F n -S u n , M a y 13 15,8a rn-Sp rn 7123 
4 'x 8 'x 4 '. New . G ood tires. S p a re 
Thrushvtew . 826 87o5 
*2oo. 4*7-3667 ___________ _ 
U A R A Q e S A L E 
2 o ? G o ld e n 
T u rq u o ise Jew elry. Set *215. A tter 
C r o w n . *3 4 -o 1 *3 ^ 
T h u r s - F r i , 
6, 824-58o8 
8a m 6p m A n tiq u e s, a p p lia n c e s , sr."; 
.'r—r-.-...t ,' 
; 
.ttt saddle, M O R E ) 
T V , p o rta b le , b la ck-w hite, I * 
----------------- hove 2, *35 and $45. 433-o63o 

W e g u a ra n te e (e w e r p rice s o n n e w fu rn itu re than a n y oftier re ta il fu rn itu re tto re a n y w h e r e re g a rd le s s o f a n y kind o f sa le th e y m ay run. lf y o u tan b o a t the p rice s a n a n y fu rn itu re y o u b u y fro m us at a n y oth e r retell fu rn itu re sto re w e w ill r e ­ fu n d to y o u 1 2 o S of the d iffe re n ce 

I Prize, confirmation required. 

2. Must be within 3o days af pun Hose — Tour receipt it proof of purchase. 

3. Must be alike ond of some brand and/or model no. 1. 

-1 o 4 Lamer 
> 1 o 4 1 o Forrln-Boltol 

DA Ail Hm m Repairs fo u n d a tio n s, Roofing, C a rp e n try 
P o in t in g , P a n e lin g . A ll w o r k g u a r a n t o r . Lie 734 5*46 
A C a r p e n t e r : In N e e d of J o b s fro m ro ofin g lo F o u n d a tio n s N o 
Job Too S m a ll! F R E E E st. Ait 
W o rk G u a ra n te ed. *27-5o24. 
I C O M P L E T E H O M E " R E P A I R 
S E R V IC E C A L L 684 4*72 
_____ 
A H o m e o w n e r's c arp e n te r decks, s h e lv e s , a d d it io n s f a ir p r ic e s 
826 3933, 826-o236 free est 
A ll t y p e s c a r p e n t r y w o rk. T T so roofing, pointing, satisfaction 
Jo! gu ara n te e d 
N o Job Too Sm all. 
6S6-5S73. 
A H T y p e s of R e m o d e lin g , G u a r ­ a n te e d W o rk . L ie 34* 1663 R o d ­ ney 
__ 

B A T H R O O M 1 e p a I r , ’ p a n e 11 n g. ge n e ral c a rp e n try 974 1o51 
I 6 w P ric e s- £ re e E stim a te s" A l so C a rp e n try and concrete C all 
435-1oo2. 

C ARPET SALES & 
SER VICE 

A ! W ill d e r m I iv oncl din rm for 
1522 5o. 9* 12 loose ru g s ste am o1 sh a m po o $1o SO 221 1986, 225 8)o ) I 

W f f e - 6 T O * E f S e r v i c e 
974 1o58 or 226 8246 

C ER A M IC S A 
C ER A M IC T ILE 

|R d 
733 736 ll III III 
O ld e r Story a nd C la rk U p r ig h t 
F ig no *4*o or best Otter 734-4531. 
I SEI violins, china cabined brass cash register, m ow ers, O T H E R 
I T E M S - *34-2363 . 
Panaso nic A M -F M unit with tlac - tronic speakers, *14o. Sin g-alo n g loud mouth, *4o. *24-7817. 
Bac living room set. com plete or s e p a r a t e ly ail t e e d c o n d itio n , la rg e Spanish colonial desk a n d c h o ir . 
T y p e w r it e r , s e w in g m achine coffee table with m arble top, sofa bad with m attress. 
344-6861. 

T V . 732-8168, 1o-5POI. tachm ents. 473-o562 *25-2o57 

PENN’S TRADING PUST 
A n tiq u e s, c olle ctab le, fu rn itu re , 
L O T S M O R E ! W ill acc e p t coil 
Signm ent. toqm -7pm daily. 23445 
H w y 281 N orth 4*7-3672 

 sid e a n d sw in g in g doors. 822-7675. 

I tw in m a t t r e s s 't lf t ea, 2 tw in b o x s p rin g s i l l en, chair 545, C o sh 
C all 434-6673. ty p e w rite r, Sm ith Corone porto- hie electric. Pico, with case, like new. *125. 641-6)8* offer 4 pm. 

U S E D F U R N I T U R E F O R S A L I 
732-72*1 

' I G A R A G E S A L E 
5oo5 In g ra m Rd . 
S a t-Su n . *a m -5 o m 
T y p e w r it e r, h air d ry e r, golf c lu bs, je w e lry, 
M A N Y M O R E T H IN G S ! 

1oo7 O ln ey D r., 
G la ssw a re , 

 y r 

U S E O R E F R IG E R A T O R S 
C E N T R A L S E R V IC E CO. 
7o7 W E S T A V E ., 734-4237 
Utility trailer, 2oc sectional couch a n d c h a ir *75. A n tiq u e lo u n g e choir 732-4874 off « 
W A N T E 6': a ir c o n d it io n e r s In need of repair. 122-5484 
W A N T E D : C o lo r T V. n e e d in g repair. M u st be cheap. 924 2846 

W a n t e d : J im B e a m a n d W ild 
T u rk e y lia u o r bottles. B y colle c­ tor. C h in a only. 341-174o. 

G A R A G E S A L E 
822-o559 clothing,MISC. 
G a r a g e Sa le 
M a y 34-15, f u rn i- tu re , c lo th in g , p la n ts , a n d H ic- noes, m iscellane ou s 24* A m a y a , 
13oo blk off S.G eneral M c M u lle n 

G A R A G E 
S A L E 
S a f - S u n , 
H f h - lS t h , F r o m 9a m , a u t o a ir conditioner, wigs, dishes, clothes, toys, b ikes, w eight bench, b e d s, ' c h ild r e n 's . M is c , f u r n itu r e ! 231 
R o llin s Com e one C om e A IU 

G o r a g e 
S o le : 
T h o r o S a t , 
5 fam ilies. 
5o11 
C a sa 
V erd e. 
655-85o6____________________________ 
F o re st G le n, 7714 

B e a u tifu l ' 

Early American or Con­ temporary Kingsize Bed­ room set. 
Includes 
Dresser, 
Mirror, 
Chest, 
Night Stand, Bed, Foun­ dation. $ 2 5 9 Displayed 
O nly Can Deliver Terms. 

Sm ith Construction Co. 
BS 15-B Speedway 349-4127 

C e r a m ic stoliation 
734-5412 

^ T n c T W u m b ln g in 
Sp e c ia lly 
Coil 

Luxurious Velvet 
Herculon or Naugahyde 
Sofas 

J I OO. 
Loveseat 
$75, 
Chairs $5o, Tables $ 17 each. 
Dinette 
$55, 
Bedroom 
Set Complete 
S i 25, 
Carf 
Deliver. 
Terms. 

Smith Construction Co. 
*515-1 Speedway 349-4127 

- 

BABYSITTING 
CHILDCARE 

H ? r i c m n " " y o v s a w e e k 
7am 4pm 433-1o*5 N So n Felipe 
L ie 
B a b y s it t in g in m y h o m e , a n ytim e a nyw h ere. R e as. U niv. 
City and L iveook a re a 658 2174 
R e g t s t e r e d c h ild c a r e In m y home, G len area, 455-761* 
R e gistere d a n y age, n igh ts only. 
Off C a lla g h a n o r In g r a m R d . 5 d o r s 435-6*1* a roiste red C h ild c are Off B rd w y , 
Q ueen A n n Court. 824-o885 
Registere d and E x p e rie n c e d 
C hild care m m y hom e 
736-2*9o 

DIRT-SAND-GRAVEL 
P I L L - T O P S O I L 

T l i T S r a S T T o g S o i r T a T l c h ^ t i l $i, Up 111 Or,ii, O n , i i n - c - ^ ^ M 

A l a r r o n A il T y p e s b u t Sand- 
G ra v e l Y e a r R o u nd Dei. 435-6157. 
A il types dirt, sand, gro v e l, jim 
Langford, N orfhstde, 342-244o. 

A L L types dirt-sand -grgvel. 7 DOY 
D e livery. 532-1*1o. 
D ir t - T o p s o il 
S a n d 
Loam . R o y 
341-244* 
H endrix. 
G r o v e l- 
D e livere d 

G o ra g e Sate: 
P ip e r 's V iew . M a y 13-15. babe things, m isc turn. 

G a ra ge Sate 
1o-5 of 1o23 W. R u s ­ sell. F rid a y until T u e sd a y 

L A C K 'S D isc o u n t W a re h o u se 
U se d F u rn itu re a n d A p p lia n c e s 
*43 C O L I S E U M D R 
225-7444 
Sofab ed, *1 2 * *5. A pt g a s ra n ge , 
*79, .95. 
9-piece dining roam. 
*2 *9 95 

Fawcett Furniture 
416 D olorosa, 277.6512 

S A N D , G r a v e l, T o p so il. 5 lo 7 yards, Call 432-51o2 
; Topsoil, G ra v e l, D e liv e re d -Sp re - 
Od, N W ond N E , 434-11o4__________ 

A5S-4ooo 
T O F SO IL . S A N O 
G R A V E L , 
R O C K , 
H A U L 
____________A N Y T H IN G 
: T O P S O IL , S A N D Y L O A M , S A N D 
W IL L D E L I V E R 923 7426 

HOME IM P R O V E M E N T S 
M A IN T EN A N C E 

J o e M e n d e z T a I n I e lr 7 "I a p I 'n' g™ flo ate r, p a p e r h a n g e r, te x tu re , 
F r a e i* t im a f e s i 4 J ^ 7 7 ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ 

HOUSE C LEAN IN G 

 im p ro v e hom e, a tta rria lir'p n 'K 'e T 
Fre e est *24 9591 *22 *1*6 

INSULATION 

 with fo am e d in p la ce in su la tio n . 
R ^ * v a lu e ^ 2 3 ^ 2 ^ ^ n y f lm * . 

JANITO RIAL SE R V IC E 

H o m e C ie o n m g s lr v T T e ? c le a n c arp ets w in dow s w ax butt 
■53-7431 

LANDSCAPIN G 

 w E i H i w y i : r w w 
'6 ? " i l y ^ ' 
O A K 
T R E E S 
F O R 
S A L E . 

LAWN CARE 

Corripleie Law n Service. Pf, lam 
A re g 224-777o or 675 o729 
I own" C a re " h e a sd n ^ 'ie .T e lio b ie a n d e x p e r ie n c e d 
P r o f e s s io n a l w o r k j F r a ^ s t 4 4 * ^ o » o ^ ^ ^ ^ 

LAWN MOW ER R E P A IR 

E i f f r o w n r R e p a ir and Sm a ll 
E n g in e s 
F R E E 
E stim a te s 

LOT C LE A R IN G 
& CLEAN IN G 

I c r ? a I ? n n n T I ,,T 7 r I ? ,T n I w W cheap Fre e estim ates 661 2674 
B u lld o zin g, C le a rin g , R o o t F lo w ­ ing A ny S i lt Job 333-3788________ 
S m o ll T ra c to r, c u sto m m o w in g , tots, a cre a ge 826 3813,826-7657 

MOWING SH R ED D IN G 

------------------- B E I T O -------------------- 
A C R E A G E a n d L O T S m o w e d . 
C a lll4 4 -5 $ 7 M )o 4 2 ^ 8 2 2 2 ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ 

M U SIC LESSONS 

T T Y ? ! r a c ^ r a i r C o l U * L 3 * » ^ o M n » o r 

PAINTING, P A P E R IN G 
PLA STER IN G 

A C O M P L E T E H O M E P A I N t T O 
R E P A IR S E R V I C E ' 484 4*72 c o L L e 6 £ f a i n t * r s v su m m e r e m p lo y m e n t. H o u se p o in tin g in ­ side outside R e a so n a b le E x p e r lenced. F re e estim ates 4*2-2*32 
G E R H A R D T S 533-714* 
R E L I A B L E 
E S T I M A T E S on 
P o in t in g - P u p e r ln g , S h e e tr o c k , 
W in d o w G la ss , R e p a ir*, B u d g e t 
Tei ms. 1412 S. H o c k b e rry 
Pointing, w all p apering. Interior, 
E x t e r i o r 
W o r k g u a r a n t e e d 
R e fe r e n c e s fu rn ish e d . F r e e et- ttmates Jac k W illiam s, 435-477*. 
1 
_ 
_ 

' c h W S o P 'T O 'J 'o "" 
W e do the lob rig h f the first tim e* 
N e w ro o fs • ro o t r e p a ir s of a lii types F re e E st *55-1o39 lf - I 
Fre e E stim a te s l l * 1532 

G r a v e l- I h t n g le . R e p l a c e o r 
R epair. Stop leaks. C oll 333 1oo5 
R o o tin g a n d P o in tin g 
A ll w o rk guaranteed. F re e B id s 333 /o14. 

R o o fin g and house re p a irs. F r e e est. 532 4oo6 64* 24*9 
T r i i f A t I ¥ 8 6 P T n g T X T su m - m e r S p e c ia l a ll m a t e r ia l a n d labor $4o per Sq u a re 433 3o21. 
15 y r s e xp o n " c o m ^ i r ii o 'n ~ o r g ra v e l root, R a m ire z, 342-781o L ie 

S E W I N G A L T E R A T I O N S 
- T A I L O R I N G 

T r i m i r T O 
T n r r r i T O r 
Con 824 5758 att. Spm 

S E W I N G M A C H I N E 
R E P A I R 5 - S E R V I C E 

E x p e rf Se w ing h iach in e R e p a ir 
Fre e In Sh op E stim a te s 
3523 W est Ave., 344 *471 

S W I M M I N G 
SER V ICE 
POOL 

 d o o l" c le a n in g , o r w e e k ly 
V I vice F le e et) M e l ! ) , 

' Sw im m in g pool c h e m ic a l*'" 

T R E E SE R V IC E 

"KT t! ut i rim " H a u l I re e T T r a ^ ^ B l 
Jessie 432 7758, 43? 8o76 
________ 

T re o t""c u » a rid '"Lr I rn rn t i ! " F r a g 
E stim a te s 5*4 3771 or 313 6*52 

T re e s"f rim im ed,*f opped"," fle m o y # 

TV R E P A IR S - R EN T A LS 

F re e e stim a te s- I d a v s""V o n 'e ttj low prices, w o rk g u a r 924-87*4 

Y A RD WORK 

N S. OF OO only 341 o3o5 

 p rjT O 'C H B Y irra " 

•DIVE ME A CHANGE* 
W H I m o w a n d trim . G u a r a n t e e 
Will be cheaper than anyo n e e lse ' 
C aH and leave m e ssa ge , a s k fo r 
Tim 824 5134 (N 5 ) 

I D O Y A R D W O R K , for In fo rm a - lion C all M r Sonchez 432 312* 

L a w n s, C u t-T rim m e d -V o c u u rn o d . 
C oll A n ytim e ! 533 **35. 

M O W IN G , t r i m m i n g , 
L i t h ) h au ling F R E E Bsf. 734-37 3$. 
Trees, L a w n s, H edges, t r im m e d a n d H au le d R e ason a ble, 532-o742. 
W e d o 'ail typ es of V a r d w o r k t r e e 
T r im m i n g o r 
435-86*4. 
^ 
^ 
^ 
■ l i f * H a u l in g . 
S U o434 635 * * * * 

W E E D 
C O Y f I N G , 
L e t s o r 
A cre age. T A. Andrew s 456-o537 
W ill do Y o r d w o rk. R e a s o n a b le 
P n c * ^ 4 M e 2 8 j 
IV A h 6 W o rk, g o r a g e a n d h o u s e 1 cleaning, jiggling 532-5745 M 
M 
B 
Iy a rd w o rk . R e a s o n a b le # r i c * $ I 
Call 674 8)65 
___________ 
Y o r d w o r k , ' f o p 1 o ll, g r a v e l , 
O e liv u » ^ s p re o d V l3 4 J ^ O A J iJ F 4 ^ ^ 

Wrecker Service 

 i u y 6 l J T a r s ' an d 
S E R V IC E , coll Richard, 337 457o. 
' W e "!i v Junk dfrecked C a r s """ 
*23-4411 
SPHiHMK''JpyBKS 
■ i i i iii n iiliiiiiff M A P t n n V r iM iY 
2 U N M 

| 6 m is 

NON COMMERCIAU 

* * * * * * * * A 
* * * ' ' 
^ H w m t o u T - 
QUICK 
R iS U m i 1 

Son A n to n io E X P R E S S -N E W S — S u n d a y M a y 15 1977 
H 

914 MITIQUfS 

H w r it o n A ntiqua AUCTION 
Sun.. M a y I 5, I PM 
SCHEUTZOW HAU 
I t a i* o f Randolph APR twain 
‘ on fM 78 
Iv oil oak, walnut and a in * lure U refinished and w ill be told regardless o f p rite ! 
Polnhod b ro tt cosh register. Roll lop desk. D rop fro n t lady's desk. 
Double w h ee l coffee grinder. 
W ardrobes. 
Phssafes. 
Kitchen cupboards. O ak beds. Iron peds. 
Sen of oak chairs. O dd spindle back choirs. Round and square oak tobies. W ashstands. 
Brass, copper, fa rm stuff a nd glass­ w are . And m ore. 
, OW NER: 
M on w ell Bank o f Antiques an d O ld Tow n Antiques 
6 5 8 -1 2 6 4 o r 6 5 8 -5 4 1 6 
John A R ow land Barnes 
Auctioneers, T x G t-7 7 -o 2 9 3 

914 • ANTIQUES 

Another Genuine E state Liquida­ tion bv the M oron’s. M ay 21* Ter- reli Hills. Details M ay 19, 734-5668. 
A N TIQ U E A U C TIO N 
Sunday. M ay 15.1:3o PM 
G ary's Antique Auction House 
Lock hart, Tx. • Coll 398-37o1 
A N T IQ U E b e a u tifu l glassw are end fu rn itu re NO J U N K ! G ifts. 
Odds and ends. 624-2o78 

HARVEY’S 
ADVANCE N O TIC E 

A n t iq u e Auction 

S a tu rd a y — M a y 81 

3 p.m . until TO p.m. 
Sunday— May 77 

I P M until a ll sold 

Complete 33 room Victorian estate including servants' quarters, attic, barns, etc, plus other sources Ex­ tremely nice furniture, jewelry, gold and collectors coins, silver, rugs, rare flocks, etc 
4 5 o o WEST AVE. 
H a rve y Brasw ell, Auctioneer 
73o Viendo, T *G *-77-oS 32 

A n tiq u e M o rris S o fa. R o c k e r, 
Sidechair, M o rris R ecliner 1895 
P ru fro c k sofa 
S e v e ra l w icke r pieces. 47o5 Rigsby.____________ _ 
A P L A C E IN T IM E 
4337 McCullough 
T h ree “ S ” ro ll top desks fro m fantastic to o rd in ary Also beau tautly polished brass cash regis­ te r and m useum q u a lity Aimer- icon w alnut bedroom set. Other 
“ out af the o rd in a ry " colletables. 

Bedlam Brass Beds 
Twin, Pull, Queen, Kingsire 
SO LID BRASS H E A D B O A R D S 
824-6925 
3123 Broadway 

B U Y S E L L A P P R A IS E 
Best Prices P aid for Antiques 
P H IL W IL L B O R N 
TOWN & C O U N T R Y A N TIQ U ES 
826-2749 36o9 Broadway 735 2414 
C A S TR O V IL LE 
V I L L A G E 
E X C H A N G E 
F L E A M a rk e t and Street Soles 
Antiques, a rt w ork, plants, crafts, doll houses 
No clothes, or on 
•mats. $2 OO to set up 
Angelo SI 
C a s tro v ille , Tx 
1oAM to 6P M , 
MOV 15th I 538 2632. __________ _ 
C L IM E R ’S R U M M A G E BARN 
CASH A N D C A RR Y 
Antiques. Bottles, Prim itives 
Relics and M any Other Things 
COME S E E !! Open U A M to 5PM 
Closed W ednesdays and Sundays 
1-742-88o8 durinq business hours 
W here Hwy 476 cross Hwy 16 
P O T E E T , TE X A S 
C R A N B E R R Y C O LLE C TIO N 
BESS’ A N T IQ U E S 
545o Old Seguin Rd , 661-5582 

CROWN HILL ANTIQUES 
G IJ O N P L A Z A , 77o1 B R O A D ­ 
W A Y , S p e c ia liz in g in P e rio d 
A m e ric a n A n tiq u e and clocks, over 25o clocks in inventory M a ole corner cupboard. 18th Cent spice cabinet, piesafe, sm Orien tai display cab inet, School M as­ te r ’s desk, set of scales. Tues. thru Sat. 1o-5, 826-1991. 

It you have A ntiques. J e w e lry , 
D ia m o n d s , S te rlin g , G o ld o r 
Oriental Rugs to sell, you'll get the 
Best P ric e fro m San A n ton io's 
Finest Shop: 

Regency Antiques 
M rs Brenner, 822-544o, 342-5o7o 

JE W ELR Y 
Unique rings, gold chains 
Jades, Oriental Accessories 
H E LE TIQUES 
2716 McCullough, 734-3796 

LIQUIDATION SALE: 
Continues thru M ay lith 
Need 
Room 
For 
N e * 
Merchandise 
HfELETIQUES 
7716 Mr. Cullough, 734 3798___ 
M atc h in g A ntique F u rn itu re . 2 
Love seats, arm choir, 6 chairs and tab le, some re q u ire m in o r repair. $1,4oo Complete 826-1o74 att 5 

M c K elvey’s Antiques 
13o6 Austin Hway., 824 324o 
At Mission Mobile Homes 

P e rio d a n tiq u e s 
Q ueen Anne ch e st, low bov- d in in g ro o m 
C h ip p e n d a le s e c re ta ry , ch in o cabinet 
F rench Louis X V love seat, bedroom. Oriental rugs- cut glaas, silver, crystal, china. 
732 6435 
_________________ 
P iano, F re n c h 1812, rosew ood u p rig h t, b e a u tifu l w ith b en ch . 
5575 Call 824 4995 
Punched tin piesafe 
Deacon s bench. C a rp e t c h a irs . C h u rch p ew s. oak c h a irs , ro o m fu l of p rim itives. 5554 Randolph Blvd. and W eidner Road. _____________ 

Q U E E N ’S ANTIQUES 
28o9 Fredericksburg 
Hours: 9-5 

• 
Stained 
Glass 
• 
Doors and Windows 
O aughtry Antiques, 684-o344 

 im portant Antique Auction d e lu d in g E s ta te ite m s w ith a q u a lity c o n ta in e r of E u ro p ean furniture and accessories. 
SH ER ATO N IN N B A LLR O O M 
Sunday, M ay IS, 1:oo PM 
J A D E L M A N , A N TIQ U E S 
735-9297. 
TxGc-77-o446 

E N G L IS H C h ip p en d ale ch airs, 
C h in e s e la m p s , set IO d in in g chairs 2 Spanish chairs. I Italian ta b le 
E n g lis h R e g e n c y ta b le 
B a c c a r a t h u r r ic a n e ta m p s 
L e a th e r hat boxes 
D ra fts m a n ta b le 
B rs s a n d iro n s 
E a rly 
Am erican m irro r Dropleaf fable 
B rass Door lam p . Chinese cloi sonne vases. C a rv ed ivory tusk 
Persian and Indian rugs Persian tam p P a p e r w eigh ts 
Huge as­ sortment of very old large garden benches and ornam ents Sat and 
Sun by 
Appointm ent only. 
628-24o9 

T A IL EN O A N TIQ U ES 
Single Brass Bed in Colonies North M all 

THE BLUMENTHAL 
MERCHANT 
The most interesting antique shop in Texas Everything from glass to E a rly A m erican Furn itu re at 
Blumenthal, Texas. 7 miles west of LBJ State P a rk on Hwy 29o 
Open daily except Tuesday Look for Biumenthol Hwy sign 

GASLIGHT ANTIQ UES 
1525 MC 
C U LLO U G H 
227 48o3 

TH E 
Different Drummer 
Antiaues-Accessories-Collectables 
1o2o TOW NSEND, 826-3764 
A LAM O H E IG H TS 
T H O M P S O N 5 A N T IQ U E S A 
TH IN GS 47o5 Rigsby. 648-4o24 
To Sell One and All Coll 
633-26oo, 633 o34o (cosh paid) 

Of*A’S ANTIQ UES 
22o3 S. H A C K B E R R Y 

TR U N K S 
166o stagecoach, 189o wood child's: 19oo tin child's; 1927 w ood, 191o s te a m e r, etc. Also 
C o llectab les. 684 147o, G E R R Y 
SHARP, 8489 Culebra 
Walnut 4-Poster Bed 
M arb le Topped Washstand 
A N T IQ U E C O TTA G E, 5o8 Dallas 

922 - MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS 
926 MACHINERY TOOLS 

ORGANS 
PIANOS j 
HAMMOND 
EVERET!j 

RODGERS 
KAWAI! 
CADIE NELSON 
New From *495 
Used From 195 

425 N M ain 2 24-5 5 26 

W onderland 73 2 -8 5 29 

N orth Star 
344 -o248 
I mm 

NAVARRO PIANO CO, 
Special This Week 
New Spinel* 
$ 7 9 5 
Choose from 
Traditional, 
Italian Provincial, 
French 
Provincial, and 
Spanish 
Oak 
DUO-ART Player Pi­ anos. 
Unable 
Rosewood square 
Grand like new 
Spinet style 
Pianos like 
New from $495 
NEW Viscount 
Electronic Organs 
Shop with us and Save low Overhead 
NAVARRO 
P IA N O CO. 
17o2 N, COLORADO 
7 3 4 -6 4 6 3 

$ 2 o . o o A M o n t h R a n t * V 
A B A L D W IN D IA N O 
R ant A p p lies on P u rch ase 
SIMS BALDWIN 
6 2 3 Lock h ill-$ « Im a Rd. 
1 4 4 i l i a 
W ind sor P a rk M alt 
' 
6 1 4 - 6 7 7 7 

Large Selection af Antique 
PLA YER PIANOS 
E D G A ID A * 
A U TO M A TIC M U SIC CO. 
28o6 N .Flores 
733-1546 

C la rk F o rk lift, used. 6,ooo lbs., 
Pneum atic tire, new paint, good co n d itio n , 48" fo rk s , 12o” lift. 
559oo. 226-82/1 
Clark 6ooo lb, 12' solid tire forklift. 
Recent overhaul and paint 555oo. 
924-5561 
I each 24‘ and 3o' Case backhoe 
1,tlcl>el> 224-6162 
Foley autom atic saw tiller, saw and tool grinder, stand. Saw set manual, t for hand saw, I for cir- culor saw. 684-3484 
F o rk lift, C la rk , used, 1967 6,ooo lh solid rubber tires, new paint. 
13o" lilt, LPG, 56ooo 226-8271 

(2 / F R A N K S 65B Double D ru m 
W et; s e rv ic in g u n its w ith 69' 
15o,ooo lb hydraulic mast Com­ plete with tools 572,5oo each; ( I ) 
Cardwell K2oo double drum well servicing unit with 69' 125,ooo lb h y d ra u lic m ast co m p lete w ith tools, $67,5oo. Call 713 932-1584; evenings 713-462-7o7o. (713) 

 front End Loader 
Aitis C h alm ers, HD6G w ith R ip­ per 
Excellent 
Condition 
512 438 74oo 
_________ ________ 
75o ft 2.o Welding Cable 
8oc ti. 
133-9292._______________ _ 

JOHN DEERE 4o1-A 
1972 62 hp Diesel Industrial T ra c ­ tor 3 pl hookup w ith fro n te n d loader and box scrapper with rip­ p e r. Also has Osha a p p ro v e d canopy 5625o, can del. 695-9218; 
695-32o5. 

Log s p litter, gasoline pow ered. 
Self-Trailering Excell cond. 55oo 
699 3241 att 6pm 
•73 Massey Ferguson Model 25oo diesel forklift with 21 Vs It. mast. 
Excellent condition. Call Denzil 
Taylor 713-629-oo2o 
R A D IA L A R M D R IL L , u s e d , 
5125o Call 1-374-5127, Crystal City 
Ranchers smalt brush dozer in good condition - need to sell. Call 
Bill Reed collect at 512-385-891o 

BOLLERS 
I G a lio n P n e u m a tic , 6 Ton l l 
Wheel with 4 cylinder Red Seat 
Engine, good cond. 5175o. I • flat wheel Tandem 6 Ton good cond. 
$125o. 695-9218; 695-32o5. 
Shoe E q u ip m e n t, S titc h e r an d 
Finisher. Call 223 9o17 

WHEEL LOADER 
1966 Case W-8-B, Power Shift, 2 vd bucket, 4 wheel drive, 112 hp die­ sel engine, 585oo exc. cond Can del 695-9218; 695-32o5. 

Lowrey Theater Deluxe Console 
O rg an 
F u ll p e d a ls . L ik e new. 
542oo. 655-2947.___________________ 
ORGANS and PIA N O S R E N T E D option to buy-no tim e limit 
Dacbert’s Music Plaza 
14oo NOGALITOS 
223-6151 
5235 W A LZEM R D . 
654-6661 
PA Sunn PAA head, 2 model 12 speakers, good condition 
494-5926. 
P IA N O -E m er& on U p rig h t. 53oo 
422-9427 w kd avs a fte r 6pm , all day wkends 
Sunn 412 cabinet, like new, 525o. 
341-8789 
Thomas Organ, C alifo rn ian 263, tike new, 518oo 684-8469 
W u r tiliz e r 
F u n M a k e r , 
2 keyboard organ, $9oo 633-o637 
Yamaha guitar, used 2 mos, with 
Case, 57o, 494-5739 

Yamaha Spinet Piano. Used 2 yrs, m atching bench, p e rfe c t finish m ake reasonable ofier. 733-1346 

924 NURSERIES. BABOEN 

932 AUCTION SALE 

ADAM S & ADAMS 
Professional Auction Service 
Appraisals and Liquidations 
512-855-62o6 
TxGS-77 oo62, oo63 
AUCTION 
P E R S IA N RUGS 
O R IE N T A L RUGS 
Bek ins Moving & Storage 
6234 San Pedro (Oft Loop 41o) Son 
Antonio, Tx. Saturday, May 21 st, 
2PM. View at tP M . Auctioneer: 
Joseph 
S e fa rd y , 
L ie .N o . 
NJGS77o528. 
Term s: 
Cash or 
Check. 

"K E Y TO G R E A TE R SALES" 
G rover Howell Co, Auctioneers 
Houston, Tx. 
TXGC-77-o1S4 
S A Office: 11o31 Wye Drive 
Allen Howell (512> 656-113o 

938 POULTRY RABBITS BEES 

C H IC K E N & P O U L T R Y SW AP 
M E E T O P E N A G A IN . L a y in g 
Hens $1.5o ea. 626-2174. 
SO C o lo n es of Bees 56o up. 
PARR S A P IA R Y . 633-o58o 
Large, small held Coturnix Quail. 
Fresh Quail eaas. 655-1916. 

Greenhouse, portable, ready to use. Terms, free de. 924-5oo3. 
T ro p ic a l P la n ts 
O rc h id s and 
B rom eliad* from C entral A m er­ ica Wholesale only. 341-6938 after 
7 

926 • MACHINERY TOOLS 

^ r a w T ’B n T h e r T T T S W M R T e X 
I8hp, blade, tra ile r, 42 in deep, 12 
MI. wide. 515oo firm . 656-o987. 
Bulldozer HD l l. AC, Perfect for 
Oil Field W ork, W inch, H ydralic 
Straight Blade, New Puds, Motet recently overh auled, e e ry good condition. 1-393-3137. 
CASE 1969 58o tro c ta r-la o d e r- bockhoe, 56,5oo 
CASE 1972 58oB tra c to r lo a d e r- backhoe, 512,5oo 
CASE 1975 85o loader, 4-N-1 buck­ et, 526,5oo 
C all Tom M cC obe 923-4353, G i­ r a rd M ach in ery & Supply 3428 
Saosevelt, San Antonio 

942 Pam Equipment Supplies 

A L L IS C H A L M E R S "W C " form tractor Old but very good, $275, 
Broubach Equipment, 736-1659 

BARGAINS 
MF88 plow 6 bim $125o, O liver 3 bim Plow S275, M F 3 bim plow 
5275, 8o1 F ord diesel 5285o, SN 
Ford 5t295-648-1131, 656-2678 
2 DRAG T Y P E PLOWS: I - 2 bot­ tom M aboard I - 2 bottom turning plow will sell cheap. 695-9218; 
695-32o5 

E-Z 
R A IN 
IR R IG A T IO N 
S P R IN K L E R 
Self Propelled, waters 4oo ft bv *■« mile $45oo. 1-879-2296 Cotulla Tx. 
F E E D TR U C K FOR SA LE: Hen­ derson Bulk bag combination bed, with e v e ry th in g in top running condition. Call (512) 237-2o55 for 
Ted Wilson, M anager. 

 c 
DOGS— PETS D C S 

 j y O K C J T W 

SHIH TZD 

The Shih Tzu, one o f the gift dogs customarily presented by 
_ 
Doli lamas of Tibet to Chinese Emperors, dates back to the 
Manchu Dynasty and is probably one of the breeds known as lio n Dog. England and Europe became interested in this breed around 193o, and subsequently it became popular in the Unit­ ed States in the 1 9 5 o ’s. 

A A A K t SHIH TZU p u p s 
M ales Fem., Shots. 342-7o3o 
A AKC W IR E H A IR E D T e r r ie r 
Pups Excellent pets. 696-2237 
A D O R A B LE AKC Y o rk ie Pups, shots, worm free. 826-441 I. 
Adorable AKC Cocker Spaniels 9 weeks. $85. 433-4293 
A dorable M in. S ch n au zer Pup pies, AKC. Exc. Bloodline, shots 9 wks. 684 7539. 
Adorable Puppies to Good Home 
55. 533-2221. att 6 weekdays. 
AKC Afghan Puppies, 575-up 
657-3327 after 6p. rn. 
AKC Afghans, 7 wks 5125. Pigtail monkey 
734-o351, 
1511 
W 
M a r i p o s a ___________ _ _ 
AKC B asset P u ps, 8 w k s , 2nd shots 58o. 824-5o16. 
AKC black G reat Dane Pups 
_____________494 2151 
AKC Boston T e r r ie r , fem 
B lk- white, brindle 5125 1-336 2329. 
AKC Boxer puppies, 51oo ea. 
Lake McQueeney 557-5o74 
AKC Boxer Puppies, Show Q uali­ ty 696 o223 after 6 p m 
AKC Brittany Pups, ready for tall training. 653-7734_________________ 
AKC COCKER PU P 
Ch. Sired, Butt, 658 45o4 
AKC C o cker S p an iel P u p p ie s , 
Golden 633-2729. 

AKC Collie Pup, Sable W hite, 7 wks, shots, wormed, I m ale $7o 
1-538-258o. 

Sables 
AKC C O LLIES 
• 
623-4511 
Tris 
AKC Doberm an pups, w o rm e d , weaned Males, 59o Fem ales, 58o. 
6 Wk&. Old. 433-45o4 

AKC Fog. Springer Pups 
Ch. at Stud. 494-3892 
AKC G erm an Shepherd Puppies 
Duality, Tem peram ent Ch Blood­ lines 654-6687 
AK C G e rm a n S h e p a rd P u p s , champ bloodline, oil shots Health certificates. Have all parents, $35 up. 1-663-2741. 
AKC Germ an Shepherd Puppies, 
8 wks, shots, w orm ed. Can see both parents. 575. 695-9259 

•Staffordshire Terrier; 
Bull Pups 

Champion 
Bloodlines 
Sire and Dan by Ch. Ruf­ fians Harper 

C a ff 
Robert Smith 
7 3 2 -8 6 8 8 

CFA Reg Sealpoint Siamese K it­ tens 658 28o3. 
C o llie P u ppies, fu llb lo o d ed , no pap ers. S a b le -W h ite , w o rm e d . 
Fem. $4o, mole $45. 1-379-1849 

COLLIE PUPS purebred, 656-2251. 822 76o3 
Collie pup 6wks, sable white, fem 
Little Lassie 55o 1-42o 28o8 
Dachshund, fem ale, spayed, 2 vrd 
Old 733 8456. 
D alm atian s, P u re b red , 6 w eeks old 653 3o52. 
D O B E R M A N P IN C H E R C L U B 
OF SAN A N T O N IO IN C 
SA N C ­ 
T IO N E D B OB M A T C H . Sunday 
M a y I Sib L a d y B ird Jo h n so n 
Park. 1o7oo Nacogdoches Entries 
8 3oam-1:3opm Obedience Judg­ ing IO am . Conform ation Judging 
2 pm , 497 3519, 656 3437, 653-2373. 
Doberm an Pinscher pups 
Atter 3 :3opm 435-72o8 
Doberm an pups. $75. 
653-719$ 
English setter, reg fem ale, S mo 
(hunting stock) 494-6146.________ 
Exceptionally beautiful Old Eng bsh Sheepdog Pups AKC Reg All 
Shots, wormed. 653-2115 

AKC G erm an Shepherd puppies, 
Champion Bloodline, 1-772-3998 
AKC G O LD EN R E T R IE V E R S 

Beautiful puppies. Excellent field, obedience, c o n firm a tio n b a c k ­ grounds. 1-392-5292 or 1-392-4664, 
San Marcos. 
AKC Golden R e trie v e r puopies. 
Show background 828 3855 
AKC Irish Setter Pups 
Reasonable 
655-9192 

AKC LABRADORS 
Yellows Blks-Choc's. 826-3393. 
AKC Labrador Pups, yellow Blks 
Reduced prices. 492-9394 
AKC L h a sa Apso P u p p y, also m ale Tov Apricot Poodle. 5 lbs. 
654-7o47. 
AKC P e k in g e s e pup s /w k s , I white female I dark mole 344-8148 
AKC red D o b erm an , C h am pio n tines at stud. Anytime. 492-2oo4 
AKC Red Doberm an at Stud 
349-9589, anytim e 
AKC registered Doberm an pups. 
Wormed, shots. Black and rust. 5 wks. old. 
6 tertials. 
$11o ea 
656-3277 
AKC SAMOY E D PUPS 
Shots, wormed. 1-358-88o8 
AKC Schnauzer puppies, Champ bloodline. Call 649-274o. 
AKC Shelties, Tri Fem ales, Super 
Tem peram ent, health guaranteed 
658-5564. 
AKC Shetland Sheepdogs (M in . 
Collies) shots, wormed 673-7776. 
AKC Silver Buff F em ale Cocker 
Spaniel Puppy $125. 684-5687 

FA T AN D F U Z Z Y 
Cutest G erm an Shepherd Puppies in Town. 734 4531. 
F E M A L E BOBCAT, dectawed 
51oo 
497-3622 
Fluffy White G erm an Shepherds, females, 55o. 734 764o. Til 3. 
For Sale: Holt P it Bull T e rrie r, halt G erm an Shepherd Puppies 
633 2479 
For Sale U K C 
Black and Ton 
Coonhound Pups, w ith pap ers, shots and w orm ed 
S ire G ra n d 
Champion. 
Dam e 
Champion 
I 833-499o 
F R E E : I adorable little kitten. 8 weeks old. 826-6827 
Free part G erm an Shepherd fem. spayed, loves kids 684-2465_______ 
F R E E Puppies (sm all b reed ) 6 weeks old Call 342 4633 
Free Puppies, half B order Collie, 
824 1764 
Full Blooded G erm an Shepherd 
Pups, without papers $4o or rea­ sonable offer. I 996-3515. 

G R EAT DANES 
Champion sired. 1-755-4696 
H a rle q u in D o n e an d G e rm a n 
Shepherd M ixed Puppies, fem ales 
$25. 494 2151. lf you are looking for a (Cheap) 
Irish Setter with no class or per­ sonality, do not call! We do have 
AKC and Field Reg Setters with show q u a lity and s tro n g fie ld background at o (F a ir) Price, 
635 8765. irish Setter Pupppies AKC Reg 
Ch Bloodlines Show Quality 51oo to 515o 623 4423. 

AKC ST. B ernard at Stud 
349-9589, anytim e_____ 
AKC Tiny Toy Yorkies 
1-868-487) 

Kittens, lOwks old. 55 ea. 
____________ 681-2714_____________ 

LA BRADO RS 
I - 2 yr yellow m ale, trained $5oo I 
- 6 mo Blk m ale $2oo 2 • 5 wk Blk pups SIPP ea. 826 3728 atter 6 

AKC Toy Poodle, Apricot m ale, 9 wks, 51oo. 341 4538. 
AKC tov Poodles, white, adorable, 
6 wks Old, $65. 673-o367 
AKC Tri-Color Basset M ale, I yr old. 333-1966. 
A K C . W e im a ra n e rs C h a m p io n bloodline. 6 wks. 684 4743 

Alaskan Malamute 
Shots, worm ed, guaranteed Ch. 
Bloodlines. 696-7o59. 
A L A S K A N M a lo m u te pu p p ies, 
AKC re g is te re d , ch am p io n sh ip bloodline Call att 5:3o 433-3471. 
Am erican Eskimo Puppies. 6 wks 
Old 55o. 674-1718. 
A M S E LLIN G OUT 
BIR D S AND A V IA R Y 
6’ wide, 16’ tong, 8' high., alum in­ um fra m e , can be converted to g reen h o u se, 512oo 
P r 
G o ffin 
Cockatoos, mated, $12oo. P r. A l­ b in o C o c k a tie ls , 3oo 
P r . E u ­ ropean Goldfinches, 51oo. P r. of 
P arrot Finches. $1oo. Pr of c rim ­ son P leated, $75. 7 S tra w b e rry finches, $2o ea t Gold Breasted hen, $25 Prices firm . Serious in- quiries only. 824-4643. 

ANIMAL DEFENSE 
League, 113oo Nacogdoches Rd. 
Pets shown 7 days (9-11:3o a.m ., 
1-4 p. rn.) Need Loving Homes. 
T e rrie r, C h ih u ah u a, S h epherd, 
Puppies, K ittens, M any O thers. 
All Shots. 655-1481. 

L a rg e Red D o b erm an P in ch e r 
A tta c k tra in e d 
P a p e rs . $25o 
224-1831, 225-6144 
Lesser Sulphur- crested C o cka­ too, $175o. 69o-8536 
6 lo veab le p up pies, need good homes. 4 m ales, 2 fe m a le s 
All adorable $5 ea. 494-2896 
LO VE IS A M A L T E S E P U P P Y 2 
AKC Males, 7 wks, puppy shots, 
52oo ca 492 2715 
M a le S am oved I y r, has shots 
$1oo. 828-59o4; 822 7351 
Min Dachshund Puppies, 6 wks, black and brown. 342-2613. 
4' j mos red D oberm an, shots and wormed, $125. 653-2154 
Must Find Good Home for 2 irish 
Setter Show Dogs, All interested parties call 655-2458. 
N e w fo u n d la n d 
P u p p y 
A K C , fem ale SISO 1-896-3548 
Old English Sheep Dog puppies, 
AKC, 7 WkS. I 385-8832 
Parakeets 
923-1629 After 6 PM 
P art German Shepherd Lab dup pies, 5wks F R E E ! 653-7153 after 
6pm. 
PEACOCKS For Sale 
684-4972 

Pekingese, due mid M a y , AKC white parents 
$1oo. 
433-2264 reservations 
Pekingese M altese, m ale, needs loving home, fenced yard. $4o. 4 
Yrs old. 658-1o64 
POODLE, Black Min I yr fem ale. 
696-4255 

Basic Obedience Class, starting 
M ay 23, 7 p.m. All Breeds. $25. 
655-9444 
Beautiful G erm an Shepherd, good w atch dog, but also loves chi) dren. 681-13o1 

P O O D L E S , 
5 w k s , m a le o r females $4o 927-5596. 
Puppies. ^D o b erm an , '^G erm an 
Shepherd 9 wks, 922-17oo 

B e a u tifu l L h a s a A p so . R e g . 
Silver-G ray, at Stud. 732-7514 att 4 and weekends. 
Beautiful M ale Eskim o Spitz IO m os- shots, $75. 655-2598. 
Beautiful 6 Mo AKC Buff W hite 
C o c k e r 
S h o ts , w o rm e d . $5o 
734-876o; 494-36o8. 
Beautiful unusual H im alayan Kit­ ten 494-6165. 
B IR D 
D O G S , 
AKC 
G e rm a n 
Shorthaired Pointers 7 wks. Just 
Right for Fall Training and Hunt­ ing 
W o rm e d , Shots S ta rte d 
674-31o7 att 5 and weekends. 
Blond Cocker-Poo puppy, m ale 3 mos 56o White Toy Poodle m ix, male 54o 623-5)44 
B L U E G R E A T D A N E P U P P Y , 
AKC. 1-438-2492 
B O R D E R C O L L IE P U P S A R F 
REG. 649-1224. 
B o rd e r C o llie s . F re e to Good 
Home. 2 yrs, mote, fem spayed. 
Shots. 674-6349. 
C A N A R IE S $25 and $3o ea 
COSH______________ 
434-6673 
Cots, kittens, and families, 6 and 7 toed b lo o d -lin e , $5o and fre e , 
654-o998 anytime 
Cattery Reduction Sale. Persian kittens and adults. 674-5o87. 

P u re b re d G e rm a n S h e p h e rd 
Puppies, 535-54o, 742-378o Poteet 
P u re b re d m in ia tu re poodles 2 chocolate, I silver 6 wks. 654-6871 
Red Chow Chow Puppies 
333-5669 

R e g is te re d Am E s k im o S p itz puppies. $75. ea 494-6469 
Registered Silver Chinchilla P e r­ sian 
Kittens. 
Reduced price! 
1-569 88o6 
SCOTTISH T E R R IE R STUD 
828 1917 
S E A L P O IN T 
F E M A L E , 
MONTHS O LD $4o 626-232o 
Siamese Kittens, ?wks SIS 
435-8557 
S IB E R IA N H U SK IE S 
1-995-2543 
Spitz puppies, 8 w ks old, p u r­ ebred. 826-7596 
S T A F F O R D S H IR E T E R R IE R S 
822-7666 
824-8324 
ST 
B E R N A R D , 
AKC puppies. 
648-3244 

Stud S e rv ic e . A K C D a lm a tia n 
(D uke) pick of titter or 
$25, 
1-42o-2929, 
W ANT AN AKC DOG? 
S.A Dog Breeders R e ferral Ser­ vice will put you in touch with a n e a rb y re p u ta b le b r e e d e r . 
494-7787, 673-46o3. 
W IR E FOX T E R R IE R M ale Pup 
Dies. Ch. Blood. 695-8915. 

942 • 
FARM 
EQUIPMENT 
& 
SUPPLIES 

FORD TRACTORS 
8N and 9N with new and used im ­ plem ents. Financing a v a ila b le . 
37o8 S. Flores. 
For Sale Trim atic 32o Sprinkler, 
Self-aligning, 7”, IO d ra g lin e s , 24” risers, 1-8o6-272-4869 
GOOSENECK 6x18 covered Fetas tra ile r $11oo. 626-1544 
G rader Blade, good cond 
S175. 
635-8765 
H ay Equipm ent B aler, M o w e r, c o n d itio n e r an d T r a c t o r . ‘76 
Models. Sell I or all. Exc Cond. 
684-9894. 

HE STO N S TACK'HAND to, L ik e 
New $425o 
TH E TO RG ER SON CO. 
533-5145, 739 Sieves 
H IG H C L E A R A N C E Diesel T ra c ­ to rs: 57 hp $625o. 3o hp $395o. 
Equipped for front m ounted cul­ tivators and bedders. D O D G E N 
EQ. CO., 8223 S. P resa, 532-4151. 

942 - IM M 
EQUIPMENT i 
SUPPLIES_____________ 

IO hp E lec S ta rt Law n G ard en 
T ra c to r with m ow er 
Used I yr 
Will del. 684-5111 ext 2o2o. 494-2851. 

J .o .9 5 c o m b in e , 4 4 4 -4 r.c o rn header, new corn saver pick up attachm ent, 14 ft.grain platform w ith lin g e r pick up re e l. Cab, variable speed, very good tires, m o to r c o m p le te ly o v e rh a u le d , 
'm achine excellent condition 
J O .66oo c o rn , g ra in , so y b ean combine 444-4r.corn header, new corn saver pick up attachem nent. 
Cab, a ir, v a ria b le speed, v e ry good tires, m otor, and m achine excellent condition. 
Phone 
512-376-4261. 
_________ 

Seam Sprayer o ile r mounted! P T : 
John „ 
3oo gal T ra ile r m ounted P T O. 
Pump driven with hose, head and sp ray boom. B a rg a in a t $115o. 
695-89o5; 695-32o5. 
4o)o. 4o2o JO HN D E E R E 
Diesel, 534-67)1 

IO PUCE YOUR AO CAU. Ms. MOORE 225-1666 

 g 4 y V E S T o ^ ^ 

COTTON TRAILER 
AUCTION 

Saturday— May 21— 1o AM 

BIRD GIN CO. IN ROBSTOW N, TEXAS 

I 2 — 1V 76 rebuilt 8 x 8 x 2 o ft metal with w ire floor, good rubber. 6 — 7 x8 x 2 oft. metal and w ire with wood floor. 
3 3 — 6 x 8 x 2 o ft metal with w ire floor 
2 1 — 8 x 8 x 2 o ft metal with wire floor. 13 — 6 x 8 x 2 o ft. wooden trailers. 

Open for Inspection Saturday, May 21, Sam until Sale 

S a le C o n d u c te d b y 

ADAM S & ADAMS AUCTION SERVICE 

3 o 9 4 S. P a d r e Is la n d D r .— 
C o rp u s C h ris ti 7 8 4 2 5 
Dusty Adams 
Frog Adams 
S I2 — 8S5-62C6, TxG<-?7 oo63 
512— 742-8455, TXGC-77-oo62 

C l 
^ 
’S f l 
Raiser 
o ^ 
Aluminum-Covered 
FARM , RANCH, 
UTILITY BUILDING 
‘ Economical, durable 
*1 5 % cooler, color choice 
♦Exterior guarantees 
‘ Quick, professional erection on your site 

S T U R D Y 

S T R U C T U R E S , IN C . 
15999 San Pedro Avenue 
San Antonio, Texas 78232 
CAU GEORGE HUNT 
(COELECT) 512/494-3318 

$ 9 2 7 . 
HARRIS WESTERN CENTER 

1 - 7 7 2 - 3 6 3 4 6 2 2 - 9 3 o o 

L y tle 

A-HALE TR A ILER S 
Horse Stock and Gooseneck 
New and Used; tor Sale or Rent 
Also feed Barrels with Lids 
S L IM P O IL CO Off IN 37 
533-5151 
6o4 
Carolina tales 
344-7215 
AQHA REG M are, 7 yrs old. 2 yr old Bay M are. 679-7335,__ 
______ 
AQHA IO yr old Western Pleasure 
M are. Sound, Gentle Also New 2 horse Hale T ra ile r $9oo 
F irm . 
1-569-4422 
A R A R E O P P O R T U N IT Y to own or lease reg. p a rt b red 
Arabian champion haltering p e r­ fo rm a n ce g elding, 2 level d res­ sage, $18oo 
Also o u ts ta n d in g 
English show m are 698 1294 
B a b y C a lv e s 53o $5o. G ro s s 
Calves $6o SHO 922-8449._________ 
' BABY PIGS FOR SALE 
684 2491 a.rn., 1-336-2561 aft 6. 
2ooo 
BA LES 
OF 
CANE 
H A Y 
622 3524___________________________ 
Bargain 3 new saddles and tack, sell I or all. 734-532o 

South Texas Trailer Sales 
Grand Opening 

Stock Trailers, Goosenecks and Horse Trailers. 
$ 1 2 9 5 ................................... 
1 4 x 5 
C overed w ith brakes 
$ 1 3 6 5 ................................... 
1 6 x 5 
C overed w ith brokes 
HORSE TRAILER SPECIAL 
$ 995 
S.A. 658-9o6o 
379-2o87 
Seguia 

H AY, fertilized Coastal $1.25 Bale 
674 1777. 
H A Y H A U L IN G 
433-2891 

Beautiful Palom ino Brood M a re with P alom ino Colt at side am d bred bock, also Her Outstanding 
P a lo m in o Show Coit. Colts o re 
Grandsons of Supreme Champion and out of Foundation Stock. Must 
Sell $35oo All. 1-249-3713. 
Black Angus bull, app 7 yrs. aid 
$275. 653-679o 

Heavy Duty Horse W alker. $65o. 
I 535-4287 atter 6 p m _____________ 
4 
H E R E F O R D C O W S W IT H 
: CALVES. I 625 o812______________ 
I ‘HORSES. SA DD LES ANO TACK 
I _____________ 622-3164_____________ i 66 H Y D E 4o' grain tra ile r, $295o 
674-o275__________________________ 

Macdona Auction Sale 
E v e ry Sot. Livestock and ranch supplies, consignments welcome. t2 mi. SW S.A M acdona, Tx 
M IL K COWS 
626-272o 

BLANKENSHIP BANCH 
Registered Brahm an Heifers and 
Bulls 512-824-9773. 
19 BR ANGUS T Y P E H E IF E R S 
1-742 319o 
Charolais Bull $4oo, Braford Cows with C h arolais Calves 5275-535o. 
Pf. I 947-3349 
Charolais Bulls • H and 
Com­ m ercial, non better 658-oo97. 

N E E D Responsible m an to oner- a te 
H a y 
B a lin g 
O p e r a tio n . 
661 53o1 or )-42o-2285, 
Ask for 
Sammy. 
No. I Fertilized Coastal Berm uda 
Hoy $1.75 per bale in barn. Suth­ erland Springs 25 bales m inim um . 
226-o141; 826-6o27. 

Chestnut sorrel m are, 7 yrs, Bay 
Gelding 9 yrs 674-5431 oft 6_______ 
COASTAL HA Y 
651-6121 
•Coastal Sprigs 7o bu* 
Sutherland Springs 
I 947-337o 1-947 3379_______ 

CORRUGATED IRON 
518.95 per sq 
FLO W ER S LS R CO 
2567 Goliad______________ 333-6171 
Covered One-Horse T ra ile r 535o 
1-663 5o16_________________________ 
Custom hand made saddles, over 
5o used s a d d le s in s to c k . 
H u n d re d s of 1st an d 2nd lin e boots B and W Boot and Tack. 4o5 
S Guadalupe St, San M arcos, Tx 
I 392 4676. 

OPEN 

HORSE SHOW 
Sun. May 1 5 ,1oam 
DCSMP Arena 
Foster Rd and IST South 
Outstanding TB M are, 15.2 hands 
Spirited. After 5, 822-5223. 
Palom ino gelding. 9 yrs., gentle but spirited, some tack. Call atter 
5pm 675-91o9 
____ 

PIGS FOR SALE 
Reg. Chester- whites. M orion, Tx 
42o-2o8o after 6 p.m . ____________ 

C U S T O M H A Y B A L IN G , L a rg e and Small Jobs, anyw here. R ea­ sonable Price. 684-9894. 
CUSTO M HA Y B A LIN G 
653-98oo 
E N G L IS H ANO W E S T E R N R ID 
IN G IN S T R U C T IO N S - S o m m er sessions applications now being ta k e n fo r b e g in n e r and in te r ­ m ediate English and Western rid­ ing lessons Classes s ta rt June 
1st Ages 8 thru adult. B R A C K ­ 
E N R ID G E STABLES, IN C . 84o E 
M U L B E R R Y 732-8881____________ 
E n g lis h S a d d le and P a d , exc . con d 
A s s o rte d E n g lis h an d 
W estern Bridles, bits, pods. W a­ terproof blankets and leg wraps. 
699-1939.__________________________ 
Exp. Roping Horse, gentle IO yr old M are $15oo Tack and tra iler also avail. 434-32o2; 684-53o7 

P U R E SWISS M IL K COW W IT H 
BABY C A LF. 1-742-3283 
Ranch Eauipm ent Priced to Sell. 
Cedar Posts, cattle guards, Iro n g a te s . B u ta n e ta n k s , c e m e n t m ix e r, p lastic pipe, Irr ig a tio n e q u ip , p u m p , p ip e a n d g u n s . 
T racto r Equipm ent: Alam o Disc 
Planters and plows, Tubing, pipe, 
.o65 w a ll I 7b in. in 4oft jo in ts . 
P re s s u re pum p and ta n k , and household items. Call 698-2386 or 
688-3811 atter 8 p.m. 
RANCH F E N C IN G BY B E N K E 
674-15o4 
Reg. Brangus 3 yr old Herd Sire. 
F o rd B re e d in g 
B ra n g u s P rs , bred, Open Heifers. Reasonable. 
225-6294 days, 494-27o6 Nifes. 
R eg 
C h e s tn u t G e ld in g e x c . bloodline 55oo aft 7 p.m. 658-674o 
Reg 
E x p e rtly tra in e d R o pin g 
Horse Gelding, very gentle. Good 
Competition Horse. 1-426-2343 or 
1-426-2o18 atter 5 p.m. 
Reg. Polled H e re fo rd Bulls for sale. 1-426-3575; 341-76o8 
FE LP S HORSE. STOCK 
AND G OO SENEC K TR A IL E R S 
S a le s , S e rv ic e , R e p a irs , an d 
T ra ile r Rentals, 443o Hwy 9o East 
(S. W W White Rd.) 333 1611. 
Fetas 14' O P E N stock $927 
H A R R IS W E S TE R N C E N T E R 
622-93oo 
Lytle 
1 772-3634 
For sale: Black registered Quar- terhorse gelding, is .I hands high shown widely Western and speed; spirited; $12oo. 658-6877,-2166 
For Sale 
14 head, good general horses, All geldings. Suitable for ronch w o rk, P le a s u re , Polo or lumping. 
W M 
W illiam s, 
Fredericksburg,512-997-3948. 
For Sale Reg. Qtr Horses 
Devine, Tx 663-4751 
F o r Sale: 3 Reg. Brood M ares with Colts on Side. I 996-3511. 

FOR SALE 
R e g is te re d Angus bu ll, also 1* 
C h ia n n in i b u ll, lo c a te d n e a r 
Cibolo. Call 658-1o12 or 1-625-4482 
FOR SALE 
75®* Registered Limousin Bull. 2 y e a rs old. O ut of E S S O R and 
D A N D Y . Call 341-7594 ofter 5:3o 
PM 
FOR SA LE : 32 Santa G ertru d is cows from 2 to 6 years of age. Alt c a ttle o r ig in a lly fro m 
K in g 
R o n c h . No o u tc ro s s . 18 w ith calves bv side, others w ill soon calf. No papers. $45o OO per cow. 
G.J. Hayes. M D., P O Box 551, 
A lv in , 
T x . 
77511. 
O ffic e : 
713-331-4283. 
Residence: 
713-331-4o31 

REG. Q tr Horse 2 yr old Gelding. 
Y e a r lin g F illy . S u p e rb yo u th 
H a lte r an d 
P e rfo r m a n c e 
P ro s p e c ts . 
B e st 
B lo o d lin e . 
679-7665 after 5. 
Spirited Sorrel Gelding $3oo Sad­ dle and Tack 51oo. 341-4o46. 
SPRIGS 
COAST-CROSS I 
T T T RANCH. J. Tudvk 
648 1678 
1972 Stock T railer 
655-18o4 ofter 7 p.m. 
W anted: Someone ta help w ork w ith S p irite d B a rr e t H o rs e . 
826-6375; 681-2633. 

W E L C H G E L D IN G . 7 y rs old. 
$25o 658-1684 Ask for Ann. 
Well trained 8yr Flashy grade Qtr m are. $65o. Ridden in B attle of 
Flowers P arade 653-4893 
IS W hite Face Cows, Bred and 
Springing. 648-1931; 648-31oo 
8 wks old Pigs $25 
’ 
649-2184 
2ox5 Stock T ra ile r, 5 good tires, new floor, axles. 1-796-4145. 
7 YR. O LD Black Reg. Tennessee 
W a lk in g P le a s u re G e ld in g . On s m a ll s id e , im p o rte d fro m 
Alabam a. 51,ooo. Can be seen at 
Busby Stables. Call Brenda at 
734-6677 
23 • 3 yr old White Brahman Cows with 8 calves. 17 - 3 yr old Brangus 
Cows with IO calves. IS - 3 and 4 yr old Bred Jersey Brahm an Cows. 
512-227-o151. 8 to 5, Mon to F ri. 

9 y r, QH m a re boy 15.3 hands 
Hunter jum per $5oo. 1-537-4892 

942 
♦ FARM 
EQUIPMENT 
& 

SUPPLIES_ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ 

John Deere Model 55 Hi-Lo Com­ b in e , 1962 w ith s ta n d a rd and pickup reels. No. IO Corn header 
$3ooo. 1-484-2145 Offer 6:3o_______ 
John Deere Planter, double tool bar, 4-row. 484-377o, Poth. 
LA R G E S E L E C T IO N of New and 
U sed F o rd T ra c to rs 
E W A L D 
FO R D TRACTORS, IH-1o Hwy 46, 
Seguin, Tx. 1-379 4591 

N E W H O L L A N D Self Propelled 
B a le r . 
N e e d s som e r e p a ir 
G enerally good condition 52995 
TH E TO RG ER SON Co. 
533-5145 
739 Sieves 

942 • 
FARM 
EQUIPMENT t 
SUPPLIES 

Track loader 
6 G A llis C h a m b e rs , IV * y a r d b u c k e t a n d d o z e r, plus b ru s h clam p and back drag attachm ent. 
E x c e lle n t c o n d itio n , m u st sell soon. Test drive tracto r at Vance 
Jackson a t C allaghan . W ill help finance. 696-833o 

•71 New H o lland 467 cutter, 69 
N ew H o llan d 275 b a ile r. 53ooo pair. 1-393-6971 

T R E N C H IN G : IOO ft - 1o,ooo ft w a te rlin e s , and b u rie d ca b le s . 
337-8oo1. 8 am - IO pm. 
18 'x 5 ' P h il 
L y n e g o o s e n e c k tra ile r, fu ll nose c o v e r, b ro k e s both axles, tike new, 
$2ooo. 
1-78o-2533. 

Phelps Deluxe 2-Horse, pandem 
♦railer, like new 344 8o43. 

RO CK P IC K E R , hydraulic con” trol lift. 23o1 Noaalitos, 534-6711 

S A C R IF IC E : 1oo14 Roosevelt. 4 tra c to rs : 69 M assey Ferguson 
175, good condition, $55oo. M as­ sey Ferguson 18o, good condition, 
$54oo; M a s s e y F e rg u s o n 65, 
$38oo, John Deere 73o, $38oo. Also 
1967 2ott van, $325o. 627-2o88. 

THE TORGERSON CO. 
739 Sieves 
533-5145 

PLAY A Ll TILE 

With A Want Ad. 

Ifs smart, profitable and so easy. Call now for an Ad Visor. 
M 
I 
225-1666 

FORECA$T for Sunday 
TO 

6o 
7o 

6o' rii 

 s w l t i s 
E S A U 

I g 
Data from 
NATIONAL WEATHf 

 to 
Figurant show high temperatures 

Showers 
S ta tio n a ry Occluded mm 
— s s 
WEATHER SERVICE. 
NOAA, U S Dept of Commerce 

SAN A N T O N IO A N D V IC IN I­ 
TY — P a rtly cloudy and w arm ond h u m id th ro u g h M o n d a y . 
Slight chance of m ainly daytim e show ers and. th u n d e rs h o w ers . 
Southeasterly winds from IO mph to IS mph and gustv during the afternoons. High tem perature for 
S u n d ay in th e m id -8 o s . L o w tem perature for Sunday in the mid "6os. P rob ability of rain 2o per cent Sundov. The sun will rise at 6:41 and wilt set at 8:19, 
The moon is in the last quarter. 
Moon rises of 5:13 a.m . and sets af 6:25 p.m . T em p eratu res for 
Saturday ranged from 65 to 81 degrees (N atio n al W eather Ser vice forecast). 
R E L A T IV E H U M ID IT Y - 69 per cent as of 6 p.m . Saturday. 
P R E C IP IT A T IO N 
- T o ta l ra in fa ll for the 24-hour period e n d in g a t 7 p .m . S a tu r d a y , trace; for the month, .41 of an inch; for the year, 14.1o inches. 
A c c u m u la te d d e p a rtu re fro m norm al for the month, minus 96 of on inch; for the year, plus 4.93 inches. 
N O R T H T E X A S - C le a r to p a rtly cloudy Sunday through 
M onday w ith a chance of late afternoon and night tim e thun­ derstorm s in the western portion. 
S O U T H 
T E X A S 
- 
P a r t ly c lo u d y , w a rm a n d h u m id through M onday. Slight chance of scattered showers or thundershowers. 
W EST T E X A S - F a ir Sundov through Monday. 
N A T IO N A L 
— 
S c a tte re d showers and thunderstorm s most numerous over the northern and c e n tr a l h ig h P la in s w ill be spread fro m the upper G re a t 
Lakes over the G reat Plains, the m id-Mississippi V aliev into T ex­ as . 
S h o w e rs a n d is o la te d th u n d e rs to rm s w ill co v e r th e n o rth e rn an d c e n tra l R o ckies into the northern half of the in­ term ountain region. There is a ch a n c e of s h o w e rs o v e r th e 
Pacific Northw est and northern 
Maine. Elsew here skies will be sunny. It w ill not be as w arm o v e r the u p p e r G re a t L a k e s region and continue being w arm over the South Atlantic and east 
G u lf o as t s ta te s . E x c e p t fo r southern Californio cool tem per a tu re s w ill p r e v a il fro m th e 
Rockies to th e P a c ific Coost 
M ild w eather will dominate the rest of the country. 

T E M P E R A T U R E E X T R E M E S 
Lowest. 28 degrees at Bradford, 
Pa 
Highest. 94 degrees a t Presidio 

M A R IN E 
W IN DS — Southeasterly winds fro m IO to IS m ph and gustv during the afternoons. 
T ID E S — P o rt A ran sas tor 
M onday: high tides w ill be at 
4:o7 a m. and 12:5o p .m .; low - tides will be at 9 a.m . and 8 48 p.m . P ort tsabel for M onday: high tides w ill be at 5:o6 a m. and 1:49 p.m .; low tides will be at 9:49 a.m . and 9:37 p.m . 

Clouds cover much of Texas 

ASSOCIATED WESS 
Powerful southerly winds pushed low level mois­ ture into Texas Saturday and created clouds over much of the state that prevented many residents from working on their weekend suntans. 
Some scattered showers and thunderstorm s erupted in parts of West Texas, where the National 
Weather Service issued a tornado watch as condi­ tions making twisters possible were created. 
Winds in West Texas reached gusts of up to 3o miles an hour. 
Skies in East and F ar West Texas were clear. 
Temperatures eased up to the upper 7os and mid 
8os by midafternoon with Tyler reporting an after­ noon high of 86 degrees under clear skies. 
The forecast called for partly cloudy to cloudy skies and warm temperatures through Sunday, with skies were expected to clear in West Texas. 

T E X A S W E A T H E R 

Forecast 

City 
Tem po rture 

Sun. 
Man. 

A m arillo 
45-69 
Partly cloudy, m ild 
Austin 
65-85 
P arity cloudv, w arm 
Laredo 
69-85 
P a rtly cloudv, w arm 
Corpus Christi 
65-85 
Partly cloudv, w orm 
V ictoria 
64-85 
P a rtly cloudv, w arm 
Dallas Fort Worth 
68 89 
P artly cloudv, w arm 
McAllen-Brownsville 72-85 
P artly cloudv, w arm 
Houston 
65-85 
P artly cloudv. w arm 

El Paso 
53 
Fort Worth 
63 
Houston 
7o 
Lubbock 
64 

73 
9o 
82 
83 

G R E A T E R SAN A N TO NIO 
San Antonio 
65 
81 
.OO 
SO UTH TE X A S 
Austin 
62 
84 
OO 
Beeville 
64 
83 
OO 
Brownsville 
74 
88 
.oo 
Corpus Christi 76 
82 
OO 
Cotulla 
69 
87 
.oo 
Del Rio 
67 
86 
oo 
Junction 
67 
82 
.oo 
Kingsville 
66 
85 
.oo 
Victoria 
67 
86 
OO 
T E X A S 
Abilene 
81 
83 
OO 
Alpine 
63 
84 
OO 
Am arillo 
64 
79 
OO 
Dallas 
63 
85 
OO 

SMU meeting 

DALLAS (AP) — Ara­ bella M artinez of the 
Department of Health, 
Education and Welfare is to speak here Thursday during a conference on urban social services at 
Southern Methodist Uni­ versity. 

Lufkin 
61 
87 
Son Angelo 
68 
84 
Waco 
62 
84 
SO UTHW EST 
Denver 
48 
65 
Honolulu 
7o 
81 
Los Angeles 
56 
66 
Los Vegas 
53 
8o 
Phoenix 
57 
78 
Salt Lake City 
48 
52 
San Diego 
58 
66 
SOUTH C E N T R A L 
Kansas City 
61 
885 
Louisville 
53 
83 
Mem phis 
62 
89 
Oklahom a Clty6o 
81 
St. Louis 
58 
86 
W ichita 
6o 
83 
SO UTHEA ST 
Atlanta 
53 
78 
B irm ingham 
SO 
85 
Charleston 
65 
89 
Jacksonville 
59 
92 
New O rleans 
62 
83 
Raleigh 
53 
87 
Richmond 
59 
82 
Tam pa 
55 
83 
N O R THW ES T 
Bism arck 
6o 
86 
Boise 
45 
66 
Casper 
46 
7o 
Helena 
49 
7o 
Portland, Ore. 
47 
57 
Rapid City 
59 
82 
Son Francisco 
SI 
59 
Seattle 
47 
6o 
Spokane 
45 
63 
NO RTH C E N T R A L 
Chicago 
64 
86 
Detroit 
52 
87 
Duluth 
46 
76 
Indianapolis 
56 
84 
M ilwaukee 
52 
89 
Minn-St. Paul 
59 
88 
Omaha 
63 
88 
Sit. Ste M arie 
43 
75 
N O R T H E A S T 
Boston 
47 
66 
Buffalo 
37 
65 
Cleveland 
5o 
69 
Columbus 
53 
78 
New York City 
5o 
71 
Philadelphia 
5o 
73 
Pittsburgh 
49 
73 
Portland, Me. 
43 
61 
Washington 
65 
82 

47 7o 

65-85 

69-86 

66 87 

66 87 

68 8S 

73-88 

66-86 

OO 
OO 
.oo 
OO 
OO 
OO 
.oo 

.o5 
1.5o 
OO 
.oo 
.o1 
.69 
.oo 

.oo 
.oo 
OO 
OO 
.oo 
.oo 

.oo 
.oo 
.oo 
.oo 
.oo 
.oo 
OO 
.o6 

.oo 
.oo 
.18 
.o3 
.23 
OO 
.oo 
.oo 
.oo 

.oo 
.oo 
.oo 
.oo 
OO 
.oo 
oo 
.oo 

-OO 
.o2 
.oo 
.oo 
.oo 
.oo 
.o6 
.oo 
.o1 

SAN ANTO NIO p r e c i p i t a t i o n 
1977 
1976 
Ave. 
Rec. 
Jan. 
3.1o 
OW 
1.76 
8.32 
Feb 
o.91 
o 13 
1.65 
7.88 
M ar 
o.88 
I 2o 
1.67 
4.19 

Apr 
8.85 
8 41 
2.28 
11.64 

M ay 
o.41 
5.8o 
3.45 
14.o7 
1976 
1975 
Ave. 
Rec. 
Jon. 
I 61 
4.6o 
2.95 
1o.44 

July 
5.39 
o.44 
1.69 
8.18 
Aug. 
2.o9 
1.22 
2.36 
11.14 

Sept. 3 79 
o 51 
4 59 
15.78 
Oct. 
8.48 
2.25 
2.3o 
9.56 
Nov. 
2.46 
o.o3 
1.37 
6.79 
Dec. 
1.95 
1.48 
1.75 
6.22 

FOREIGN 
Based on observations taken at 
7 a.m . Saturday San Antonio tim e 
Tem peratures a re in Fah ren h eit 
(left) and C entigrade.) 

City 
.................. ___ F a r. 
Cent. 

Aberdeen 
46 
o8 
Am sterdam 
54 
12 
A n kara 
64 
18 
Antigua 
8? 
28 
Athens 
7o 
21 
Auckland 
48 
o9 
Berlin 
59 
15 
Beirut 
72 
22 
Birm ingham 
SO 
IO 
Bonn 
48 
o9 
Brussels 
45 
o7 
Cairo 
81 
27 
Casablanca 
68 
2o 
Copenhagen 
5o 
IO 
Dublin 
48 
o9 
Geneva 
54 
12 
Hong Kong 
84 
29 
Lisbon 
64 
18 
London 
54 
12 
M adrid 
7o 
21 
M alta 
73 
23 
M anila 
88 
31 
Moscow 
73 
23 
New Delhi 
IOO 
38 
Nice 
68 
2o 
Oslo 
84 
29 
Paris 
55 
13 
Peking 
5o 
IS 
Rome 
68 
2o 
Saigon 
86 
3o 
Seoul 
52 ll 
Sofia 
72 
22 
Stockholm 
55 
13 
Sydney 
63 
17 
Taipei 
84 
29 
Teheran 
91 
33 
Tel Aviv 
73 
23 
Tok yo 
68 
2o 
Tunis 
72 
22 
Vienna 
5o 
IO 
W arsaw 
68 
2o 
SOUTH A M E R IC A 

Asuncion 
7o 
21 
Buenos Aires 
63 
17 
Lim a 
61 
16 
Montevideo 
52 ll 
Rio De Janeiro 
73 
23 

MEXICO 
(M e x ic a n te m p e ra tu re s a p p e a r in both F a h re n h e it a n d 
C en tig rad e or Celsius. F a h re n heit is listed first in each colum n.) 
Acapulco ............ 79/26 
91/33 
G uadalajara 
...6 1 /1 6 
82/28 
M azatlan ..............61/16 
9o/32 
M exico City ___ 5o/1o 
73/23 
M o n te rre y 
7o/2) 
77 
Salvation Army services to S.A. exceed $1 million 

The Salvation Army gave $1.2 mil­ lion in services to people who needed help in San Antonio last year, accord­ ing to Maj. William K. Matthews. 
Those services ranged from meals and Christmas toys to overnight lodg­ ing, said Matthews, the organization’s city coordinator. 
He made the report in connection with the observance of National Salva­ tion Army Week. 
“ It is the Salvation Army’s goal to reunite people with God in every pro­ gram we have.” Matthews said. 
Services rendered by the Salvation 

Army this past year include giving 
151,846 prepared meals to girls’ home residents, rehabilitative men and ho­ meless individuals. 
Services also included overnight lodging for 49,331 people; new shoes for 
5,o28 school-age children and furniture to replace that lost to fire by 116 families. 
Services also included distribution of clothes and locating missing persons. 
The Salvation Army’s $1.2 million budget comes from money or items donated from various sources includ­ ing the general public and United Way. 

{QUICK QUIZ! 

TEEN-AGERS: 
HOW WELL DO YOU GET ALONG 
WITH YOUR PARENTS? 

Excellent O 

Good 
L j 

Only fair CZJ 

Poor 
[ J 

PARENTS: 
HOW DO YOU GET ALONG 
WITH YOUR TEEN-AGER? 

Excellent Q 

Good 
[ 

Only fair Q 

Poor 

You’ll learn how you compare with the national attitude by following the 
GALLUP YOUTH SURVEY 
Begin* Wednesday In Tho N ew 

Here they are — the 12 high school students named by a panel of five judges as finalists in the annua] Express-News search for Bexar County’s Outstanding 
Teen-agers. 
Making the selections was more diffi­ cult than ever. The judges chose 12 rather than the usual IO finalists due to the large number of entries. 

And m aking the com petition m ore exciting than ever are the five $1,ooo college scholarships being given by Skillern’s Drug Stores. 
Letters of nomination were received for some 
275 students representing schools all over Bexar 
County. 
A fter m any hours of stu d y in g the letters, judges have announced these finalists, six boys and six girls: 
Cynthia Diaz de Leon, Roosevelt High School; 
Ruth De Young, E ast C entral; Joe David Ed­ m onson, 
M acA rthur; Ja m e s V. L ittle III. 
M acA rthur; T aryn-M arie M cCain, Alamo 
Heights; Roxie Noyes, Marshall; Robert Paveg- lio, Edison; Karen Pilarezyk, Highlands; Michael 
Rodriguez, Southside; Larry Smith, Lee; Laura 
Vasquez, Burbank; and Victor Zavala, Lanier. 
Judging 

All aspects of the teens as “ total individuals” were taken into consideration in judging — community service, scholarship, and academic, religious and family activities. 
Each finalist is eligible for the Top Teen title to be announced next Sunday. 

Scene 
Sunday May 15 I 977 
Page 
I -E 

The Top Teen Boy and Girl will receive a $51) U. 
S. Savings Bond and an engraved plaque from the 
Express-News. 
And each will receive a $1,ooo college scholar­ ship from Skillern’s, the largest home-owned drugstore chain in Texas. Skillern’s has 12 stores in San Antonio 
In addition, Skillern’s asked the judges to select three other finalists to be awarded a $1,1)oo scholarship These names will also be announced in next Sunday’s Scene section. 
The 12 finalists have been interviewed by the judges. Each will receive a certificate of com­ mendation. 
Serving as judges were Mrs. Bernice Evans, special education coordinator at Wheatley High 
School; Dick Norton, executive director. Youth for 
Christ; Jim O’Brien, coordinator of,development, 
Raysville; Mrs R R Olivares, 5th District PTA president, and Mrs. II. S. Silvas Jr., Alamo 
District president, Texas Federation of Women’s 
Clubs. 
Perhaps the thoughts of all the judges was best expressed by O’Brien when he noted: 
“ I came over that first day to read the letters feeling very tired. By the tim e I left I was 

James V. Little III 
MacArthur 
Ruth De Young 
East Centro! 

Michael Rodriguez 
Southside 
Laura Vasquez 
Burbank 

 iv ..- 
Larry Smith 
Lee 
Cynthia Diaz de Leon 
Roosevelt 

PHOTOS BV CH AROS BARKSDALE, ARTWORK BY LINDA CASt 

Karen Pilarezyk 
Highlands 
Robert Paveglio 
Edison 

David Edmonson 
MacArthur 
Roxie Noyes 
Marshall 

PURE SILK. PURE GUCCI. FROM OUR EXCLUSIVE SCARF COL 
LECTIONS, 25.oo AND BEYOND, IN GUCCI SALON, NORTH STAR MALL 

GUCCI 
AT FROST BROS. 

Victor Zavala 
Lanier 
Taryn-Marie McCain 
Alamo Heights 

" ♦ 
^ 
,#■ 
^ 
^ 
^ 
^ w ^ ae 
4 j* d* i*f- e e 
3**' j* w 
— ' 
^ 
^ 

 w .tjL . m m r n -m 
'm 
■ 
- « • * * * 
■ 
■ 
■- 
* 
^ 
$ ■ 
'WW 

Get a head start on summer 

Get a head start on “ sum- merizin^” your hair. 
Warm weather changes the condition of the hair and many heads develop behavior problem s ranging from the crazy frizzles to the limp stringies! 
A good haircut) more conditioning, new setting techniques and little more patience can solve any problem. 
Frizz 

Dear Jennifer: I dread the return of warm weather ontv because mv hair turns into a layer of frizz. I spend all my time setting it in big rollers and sitting under my dryer, but an hour later ifs doing its own thing again. 
Surely there is a solution for my problem. I ll get a crewcut before I’ll spend all that time on my hair this summer. — Mary Jan e C., Chicago. 
Although if s a small comfort, this is a common sum m er hair problem. But there are a num ber of ways to fight back. Try one of these solutions: 
The simplest solution of all — and a popular one this su m m e r — is the 

 classic knot at the nape of the neck. 
After washing your hair and applying a setting lotion, center or side part your hair and pull it hack into a covered elastic band. 
Tuck the ends into a neat bun. Tuck a fresh or silk flower into the bun for an evening look. 
Learn to wrap your hair around your head instead of using rollers. Put one roller in the top center (using it as the center of tin1 “ pinwheel” you will make with your hair): section your hair and 

 comb it, section by section, around the head. 
Cover it with a scarf and let it dry as you continue your day's activities. 
Crew 
Another method is to stop fighting it. 
Take your head to a professional stylist and have it cut and shaped to curl wildly and look good no m atter what the weather conditions are. 
A crewcut is a bit drastic, but if you have the right face for it. a super-short cut is a good solution. 
Having the hair straightened with chemicals is the last solution. In the hands of a hair stylist (who is an expert in this departm ent), the results can be truly exciting, but too often the hair looks dull, dead and stripped of natural beauty. 

Dear Jennifer: 
I had m y hair pro­ fessionally straightened. I am pleased with the results but I was told I must condition it often, keep it out of the sun and generally spend a lot m ore time taking care of it. Is that true? — Sony«j 
A., Montreal, Que. 

It s th e tru th . H av in g the h air straightened is just the sam e as apply­ ing hair coloring or permanent wave solution to the hair in that the hair is 
“ chemically changed.” Conditioning is a must and sun protection a necessity. 
Dear Jennifer: 
My hair is cut in something that was called the “ China 
Chop,” long straight bands and a blunt cut all around below chin level. 
Can you suggest a sum m er hairdo for evenings? My hair is so thick and heavy that even hairpins won’t hold it. 
— Myrna T.. Baltimore, Md. 
H ere's the hairdo for you: W rap small sections of the sides of the hair with thin gold cord. Start close to the scalp and continue to the ends of the hair. 
Knot but leave a length of loose end. 
Now bring the sections from both sides to meet at the back of the head and tie the loose ends into a bow. 
For Jennifer’s beauty booklet ALL 
ABOUT HAIR, send $1.25 plus a long, stam ped, self-addressed envelope to 
Ask Jennifer, c/o Express-News, Box 
2171, San Antonio, Tex., 78297. 

SELEC T IN G the right hair color takes a little study and a little know­ how. Choose wise­ ly and you’ll have only a little up­ keep! 
PHOTO FROM Rfc'VlON 

THE FESTIVITIES BEDIM MONDAY. WITH STOREWIDE SAVINGS OM EVERYTHING 
TO GET YOU LOOKING GOOD FOR SUMMER. 

DESIGNER KNIT PANTSUITS 59.9o TO 69.9o 
Were 88.oo to 1oo.oo. Two and three piece styles in solids, prints. For 8 to 2o sizes. 

SPECTATOR SHOP PANTSUITS 26.99 TO 39.99 
Were 4o.oo to 54.oo. Two and three piece in short or long sleeve styles. Solids, prints. For 8 to 18 sizes. 

STUDIO 4 PANTSUITS 17.99 TO 35.99 
Were 25.oo to 45.oo. Two, three piece, stripes, solids, checks. For IO to 18 sizes. 

FROST BROS. 6oTH 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEW S— Sunday May 15 1977 

Oops! Somebody goofed 

San Antonio EXPRESS N E W S — 
Sunday M a y 15 1977 

The White House goofed. The 
State Department goofed. And the Saudi Arabians, faced with a seem ing snub, had a right to be livid. 

When King Khaiid of Saudi Arabia, who is recuperating from a hip-bone operation, couldn’t accept President 
C a rte r’s invitation for the kind of two-day working visit here that the prime minister of Israel, president of 
Egypt and king of Jordan already have had, Crown Prince Fahd was invited instead. 
The visit begins May 24 with a working dinner that night at the White 
House. The Saudis reserved Anderson 
House for the usual big, brilliant din­ ner the second night. 
But the first 14 prominent officials invited to the May 25 dinner regretted because of a previous engagement. 
Able, polished Saudi Arabian Ambas­ sador Ali Alireza was astounded. After all. the date had been chosen by the 
White House. So what was wrong? 

 pewfelale 

It seems that President Carter is making his first speech at a major 
Democratic fund-raiser Wednesday night the 25th — a $5oo-a-plate dinner at the Washington Hilton in honor of all the Senate and House leaders. 
Naturally all those congressional bigwigs regretted the Saudi dinner to be beamed at by and beam upon their favorite fatcats. 
Vice President Mondale and most of the cabinet were expected at the De­ mocratic banquet, too, but faced with an international faux pas, Mondale ac­ cepted the Saudi dinner. 
It remains to be seen what other in­ fluential Democrats in the Congress and the White House show up for 
America’s richest ally. 
Nancy Kissinger says she and Henry adored staying in the palace in Monte 
Carlo with Princess Grace and Prince 
Rainier; that Princess Caroline is not 

 only perfectly beautiful but has a bril­ liant mind. 
She also reports that women in Eur­ ope are wearing dresses, not pants outfits, to luncheons and dinners alth­ ough she still prefers pants; that Arabs are buying the finest antiques at Par­ tridge’s in London without even asking the price; and that everything about their April trip was divine except the very cold weather. 
Persian rug 

She also said th ere’s a priceless 
Persian rug on the floor at No. IO 
Downing Street . P rim e M inister 
James Callaghan told them that when 
Empress.Farah of Iran walked into No. 
IO and saw it she immediately said it was a 16th century rug worth $1 mil­ lion! “ In Iran we would hang it on the wall, not walk on it,” she told the P.M. 
But it’s still on the floor. 
All this evolved at Argentine Am­ bassador and Mrs. Jorge Espil’s din­ ner for the ex-Secretary of State who said he’s been trying “ to get used to a 
Secretary of State who, as far as I am 

 concerned, speaks with an unusual accent.” 
It was Rosalynn Carter who suggest­ ed to the Smith Bagleys that they offer their Musgrove Plantation on St. 
Simons Island, Ga., to King Hussein for a day and night of his Georgia trip. 
The King spent his time there fishing in the lake and helicoptering over 
Georgia’s southern islands. Fortunate­ ly, the Bagleys’ plantation is now- rigged for visitors of the highest order. 
T\vo hundred telephones have been installed just in case you-know-who wants to go back there sometime. 
The Bagleys’ half-million-dollar digs here have yet to have the finishing touches. “ We don’t have half our furniture,” said Vicki who succumbed to the request of the new Washington 
Journalism Review- to stage a fun­ draising garden party on the 16th to get the mag started. 
And the painters haven’t finished with the interior though “ four of them have actually been living in the house with us for a solid year,” said Mrs. B. 
That’s a lot of paint. 
M O N IC A E D W A R D S and her mother, Mrs. Ali Alireza, wife of the Saudi Arabian am bassador, chat with Mrs. Smith Bagley. 

YOU MIGHT WHY A 6oo.oo FASHION WARDROBE OF YOUR CHOICE FROM FROST'S. 
REGISTER IN ANY OF OUR STORES NOW THROUGH MAY 3o. NO PURCHASE NECESSARY. 

DESIGNER DRESSES 59.9o To159.9o 
Were 75.oo to 25o.oo. Day and evening styles, all the latest looks in 6 to 16 sizes. 

BETTER SHIRTDRESSES 34.9o 
Were 56.oo to 6o.oo. Summer prints in a marvelous array of styles tor IO to 2o sizes. 

SPECTATOR SHOP DRESSES 24.99 TO 46.99 
Were 36.oo to 8o.oo. One and two-piece styles, jacket dresses, cocktail dresses, summer colors, prints. For 6 to 18 sizes. 

JUNIOR SHOP DRESSES 11.99 TO 23.99 
Were 2o.oo to 36.oo. Shirtdresses, sundresses, one & two-piece styles. Prints, solids for 5 to 13 sizes. 

STUDIO 4 DRESSES 19.99 TO 35.99 
Were 28.oo to 5o.oo. Jacket dresses, sundresses, one & two-piece styles. Solids, prints for 8 to 2o sizes. 
ANNIVERSARY SALE 

SanAntonio EXPRPSS-NEWS— 
Sunday M ay 15 I 977 

* 
I, 
£ 

C A N D Y m odels Bill H a ire ’s g yp sy dress to be featured during Frost’s birthday 

Now is the tune to add-to or start your collection of Gorham Sterling teaspoons, place knives, place forks, individual salad forks and a host of additional place or serving pieces 

 all at 3313° o OFF! 

As an extra incentive to elegant entertaining 
. we are also offering 
Gorham Sterling iced f — o/ 

 beverage spoons and J l l 

 steak knives at a remarkable savings of OPP 

Whether you re starting your collection or wish to add extra pieces 
. 
. don't miss this opportunity' 

NEW ACCOUNTS INVITED 
NEVER ANY INTEREST OR CARRYING CHARGES 

Monday Soturday IO a m to 5 3o p m. 

223 E. HOUSTON ST 
226-838? 

 lighting 6o fashion candles 

It’s the SIXTIETH for a San 
Antonio fashion tradition — 
Frost Bros. 
F ro st’s 6oth A nniversary sta rts 
Monday and continues through May 
31. Everyone is invited to the cele­ bration in San Antonio, Austin and 
Corpus Christi. 
Reversing the birthday tradition. 
F r o st’s w ill g iv e p resen ts to customers. 
“ P resents com e wrapped in the shape of spring, sum m er and all- season fashions in co llec tio n s at celebration p rices,’’ says Richard 
Frontman, executive vice president and general manager. “ Almost every department will participate. 
“ Many of the designer and coutur­ ier fashions and import collections are included in this birthday gesture. 
Fashions for men, children and the home are in the party mood. 
“ Our m erchandise m anagers and buyers have spent six months setting up the celebration, keeping in mind the fashion p referen ces of South 
Texans.’’ 
Every visitor to any Frost store up to May 31 will be invited to register for a $6oo fashion wardrobe. No pur­ chase is necessary. 
Fun tote bags have been designed for Frost’s patrons to “ tote” about town. 
History 
Frost Bros, opened in 1917 as a sin g le store on H ouston S treet, founded by the late Jonas M. Frost, and has grown to six stores. Three are in San Antonio, one in Austin and two in Corpus Christi. 
The philosophy has remained the sam e through all the expanding. 
Words from a 1917 Frost ad express this philosophy. Frontman points out: 

“When you enter this store you can be assured of receiving courteous attention. We realize the importance of efficient service and we will ever endeavor to instill into our sales people the thought that each person en tering our store should receive prompt and courteous attention. 
“ Regarding the character of our merchandise, we will leave to your judgment how well we have sueceed- 

'Laredo a n d N o rth ­ west San Antonio can he seen on the horizon as future Frost's loca­ tions.' 
— 
M urray Ber­ kowitz 

 cd in securing the very best the fa­ shion market affords. 
“Your confidence in us is a factor that we will ever strive to retain. 
Truth in advertising, honest m er­ chandise and utmost value, together with efficient service, are principles upon which we .seek your trade.” 
Service 
This attitude reflects not only the character of the men who developed 
Frost’s but also the character of the patrons whom F rost’s has served over the years, notes Frontman. 

“The founder. Joe Frost, and his brothers, Will and Milton, had this community dedication plus a sense of elegance in fashion. 

“The late vSidney Berkowitz carried on this philosophy. His interest in the arts and his knowledge of fashion left the store a great heritage. 
“ His enthusiasm for fashion eon- 
Noah 
’sA rk fires flood of questions 

Last week’s network showing of “ The Search for Noah’s Ark’’ brought a surge of Biblical pur­ suit in our home. 
“ How much is a cubit?” my middle schooler asked. 
“ I don’t know,” I adm itted, “ But whatever it costs, you can’t have one.” 
“ M om ,” the boy groaned. “ It’s a measurement. Noah built the ark 3oo cubits long. I want to know how long that is.” 
The dictionary revealed that a cubit was the length from the elbows to the finger. 
“That still doesn’t tell how long the ark w as,” said the boy as he scanned the Old Testament. “ It says here there were giants on the Earth in those days 
. . . and a giant’s cubit would be big­ ger than a little man’s cubit!” 
“ Was Noah a giant?” the younger son tuned in. 
“ Does he look like a giant?” his brother pointed to the television pic­ ture. 
Actor 

“That’s not really Noah.” I told the little one. “That’s just an actor.” 
“ Was Noah a giant and an actor, too?” The boy wasn’t as tuned in as I thought. 
“ Now hear th is ,’’ I announced. 
“ Noah was not an actor! Noah was a good gopher wood ark builder! God chose him over all other men on the 
Earth! Noah lived to be 95o years old! ” 
“ I wonder why he saved the rattles­ nakes and mosquitoes,” one son pon­ dered. 
‘‘Y eah, and the je lly fis h ,” his brother joined his line of thought. 
“ He didn’t save the jellyfish. It was a 

I U 
BEVERLY ONEAL 

 flood! Jellyfish live in the water.” 
“ . . . and God promised Noah that He would never again destroy the living creatures of the 
Earth 
. . . ” the narrator said. 
“ I thought you said God promised he wouldn’t destroy the Earth with water but next time it would be with fire,” my son quizzed me. I started searching for the chapter that describes God s rain­ bow agreement with Noah. 
“ If God decides to kill everybody with fire, how will He save the best family like He saved Noah's family?” the little one demanded. 
“ I’m sure He will find a way,” I mumbled as I researched Genesis. 
“ However God decides to save the best family from fire,” the child said in earnest. “ I sure hope he chooses us!” 
Hmmm, I thought to m yself as I closed the Good Book. I doubt if our family would stand a chance against 
Oral Roberts, Billy Graham and the 
Pope — but it’s worth a try! 
It almost worked. For at least 24 hours, I had the most well behaved nine-year-old in the state of Texas! 
Scrubbing up in style 

B athing has b e­ come a daily routine for most Americans. 
We hop in the tub or shower before going to bed at night or before going to work in the morning. 

But, according to re­ search by m akers of a deodorant soap, there are many reasons other than cleanliness. 
According to the Insti­ tute of Motivational Re­ search, many people find bathing a m eans of re­ laxation. In our busy lives, we need to take the time for a quiet IO m in­ utes the bath affords. 
But bathing can also be a stimulant, especially to m orning bathers. They 

By 

MARY SUE 

MILLER 

 think of a shower as that initial activity that gets them up-and-at-it. 
B ath ers, of cou rse, have becom e m ore in terested in other aspects of the w ashing ritual, including the way th eir bathroom s are equipped. 
In many instances, color has replaced hospi­ tal white; accessories in­ clude everyth ing from exotic plants to te le ­ phones. 
Even the m undane deodorant soap has taken on an esthetically pleas­ ing shape, as well as one that is easier to hold in the hand. C olors are 

 consum er-desire aware, too— creamy white, gold, bright pink and southsea aqua. 
B athing is no longer just a scrub-up bit. It has e sth e tic value for the senses. One asks only a sm a ll boy th ese days: 
“ Did you wash behind your ears?” 

IRVING 
MATHEWS 
MURRAY 
BERKOWITZ 

 tributed much to the personality of the store. Under Sidney Berkowitz’ guidance the store experienced excit­ ing growth in fashion leadership. 
“Gilbert Dang contributed to the store with his feeling for beauty and graciousness and wisdom in fashion m erchandising and in com m unity cooperation.” 
Exp;>ansion 

Under the Lang guidance, the store began its expansion, the enlargement of F rost’s Downtown and the con­ struction of Frost’s first suburban store. 
Many sta ff m em bers added to 
Frost’s image of taste guidance — remembered names like the late Ri­ chard Roche and Lula Carlisle. 
Irving Mathews and Murray Ber­ kowitz were leaders in executing 
Frost’s suburban store in North Star 
Mall and Frost's-on-the-River in the 
Hilton Palacio del Rio. 
Mathews is currently Frost's board 

 chairman and Berkowitz is president. 
Eugene Lacritz, vice president and operation director, was involved in the expansion and became North Star 
Mall’s first manager for Frost’s. 
These are also the men responsible for Frost’s Northcross Mall, Austin, and the recent merger of Frost Bros, and Lichtenstein’s in Corpus Christi under the Frost name. 
Staff 

During the birthday celebration, daily selling contests will be held in each department. A bonus and com ­ mendation is given at the end of each selling day to the winning depart­ ment. 
Says Frontman, “Our customers, in turn, catch the spirit and find it an exciting game, too, and an opportun­ ity to select from Frost’s anniversary collections.” 
Looking back, Murray Berkowitz, expressed gratitude for the confi­ dence and faith placed in the store by patrons and the loyalty of so many employes. 
Looking ahead, he says, “ There will be changes — many of them revolutionary — as our world adapts to international conditions and energy crises, but remarkable new develop­ ments, such as closed-circuit TV, will allow us to make shopping easier and 
' more convenient.” 
As for the future, he says the stores will continue to bring Frost-type ser­ vice where they are already located — and will expand to fit the philosophy of need and service. “ Laredo and 
Northwest San Antonio can be seen on the horizon as future F rost’s loca­ tions.” 
Carpet Cate, 

To Those Who Resent Growing Old 
T his editorial is dedicated to those who are constantly concerned about growing old, seeing silver threads among the gold and reaching the gray haired vintage . . . my vintage. If there is but one of my readers who fears or even resents growing old, let's set aside a few minutes of quiet time to reminisce our experiences that have become stepping stones and have, brought us up to this point of comparative grandeur. 
At the very outset, together you and I, let's pray that we may grow older. 
Think of those who have been denied the privilege of our extra years with so many more, we hope, yet to rome. In this, the autumn of mv life, I know now more than ever before, that because of my ageing years I dwell in a school that teaches more philosophy than at the academy, ami more divinity than from the pulpit. Those who possess a real philosophy for living are not troubled with age, any age. He who gave us life has not, that we know of, established any point when we should completely retire, relax, repent or even cease to use our time and our talents. 
We Are Needed 
There are two dangerous times for both the young and the aged; a time of prosperity ami a time of complete retirement. In each the soul loafs and grows fat. 
Times of problems and peril are times when we elder statesmen should stand ten feet tall and show what our years of trials have taught us. The aged are to culture and progress what memory is to the mind. Just as one cannot plan without going into his warehouse of experiences for a foundation, so a civiliza­ tion cannot progress without its past experiences of trials and errors. 
Each of us, regardless of age. has assets or talents that can fill at least one of the three never-ending needs; I . . . the energy to pound the pavements or mount the platforms to solicit and preach; 2 . . . to sit in counsel and advise bv drawing from our storehouse of experiences; 3 . . . to lend our hearts and dig into our purses. 
Time To Refill — Not Retire 
Regardless of age, believe this: "Life is not a goblet to be drained: it is a blessed measure to be filled and refilled and refilled. I firmly believe that our last days should be our best days. Just as the evening praises the day; just as the sweetest notes in a score are reserved for the very last and just as the final scene compliments the entire aet. so should our closing flays he our best spent flays. 
Even though there may be one of you so old as to think he may not live another year, let him plant his trees now to serve those who follow him. 
Don't Get Hooked By Irreligious Salesmen! 
Your house is your home — Be on the alert for “Shenanigans” in the field of wall-to-wall carpeting. BAIT ADV ERTISING occurs when certain advertis­ ers feature a ridiculously low price and then do everything possible to dis­ courage you from buying the advertised products while trying to sell you much higher priced merchandise. 
Just use common sense and figure it out for yourself . . . carpet cushion costs SLH.) yd. . . . laying SI.75 yd. = $3.6o yd. Subtract S3.6o from S6.95 in­ stalled with pad the advertised price of that so called “luxurious carpet that cleans like the kitchen sink and many other plus features.” This leaves a dif­ ference of S3.35 sq. yd. for that “fine carpet'' — which is about the same price per yard as drapery material and much less than upholstery material for your davenport! 
Don't Sign I nder Pressure! Investigate 
Before you Buy! If in Doubt . . . Find Out! 
Next Week 
We will discuss: "'Causes and Cures For rSick’ Carpet" Until then, believe this: "W hat a married couple should save fo r their old ape is each other " 
Inquire About 
• Important booklet oil Carpet Care- 
• Phone, Write, or \ j?it Ted O'Krcnt 
• 3oo SanJVd.ro • 227-7387, 

Picnic cake 
A picnic, a weekend cam pout, any kind of outing ca lls for a cake—baked convenient­ ly in a sheet pan with a handy cover for traveling. 
Send your favorite pic­ nic-type cake recipe and enter the next San Anton­ io News food section con­ test. 
Five dollars will go to the person entering the best picnic cake recipe by mailing it to Food Editor, 
The News, Box 2171, San 
Antonio, Tex. 78297 be­ fore May 19. 

W rite.your recipe on one side of a sheet of paper, tell why it is your favorite and sign your nam e, g iv in g your ad­ dress and daytim e tele­ phone number. 
Only tested recipes are e lig ib le, and only one entry from each contes­ tant will be considered. 
The w inning picnic cake recipe will be pub­ lished June 2. Watch for the winning recipe for grilling meat on May 19 and the winning recipe using cucumbers on Mav 
26. 

DO YOUR FURS NEED A FACELIFT? 

Revitalize your fur wardrobe. Visit our 

Master Furrier and let him show you 

 how to enhance your furs for many more 

•years of pleasure. 

Monday and Tuesday only, May 16-17. 

828-8286 

... 

I 

 o ? 5 
£ t i rf! 
® 
K if: sfl co > ^ ‘g - O 

— m 
^ 
-* rn « 
-< 
> * 
5 

5o rn</> J s § 
< 'n 

~ ° 
^ * w rn J K) 
§ Z § 4/1 z * Z % 
$ > ° I 
* 3 g ;z 

£ > £ 8 
;*|s co rn * o _ o A 
JO 
> o 
$ 
O'•o 
$ 

<> o 
CO TI 
O rn 
> z 
5 O' 

5 * 

Q> 

 no 
3 
* O' 
TI O O 
I J S 

 o >51 co 5 
C i H 
? & < z e°»5 
O' , - Z o OC o m 

■o O w S 
O -r 
> Z 
5 O' 
>o O 
-o > 

£> 
<>* 
ZP m 

> 
* 
O' 

 n lo , 

 c 5 
? 2.u. f £ 2 
• 9 C z§-g p 3-o 
O ' » < n j < 
S o R 
5 ^ 5 

 en 
>1 

San Antonio EXPRESS-N EW S— Sunday M ay 15 I 977 

Cf) 
SSios i s^ s i 

C> Q r" 5 
^ a 

5 *I 
C*3 

Ii*> 

*■«*8 

35 
5 : rn 
I s 

 c*1 

 w ac r- 
& 
8i 
3 

§ 

W rf e*3 

SHOP FROST’S DOWNTOWN AND NORTH STAR MALL 

BOTH ANNIVERSARY SPECIAL 
EARRING LOOPS 
35.oo PAIR 

Build your earring wardrobe from our 

 collections. In crystal, green onyx, black onyx, carnelian, 

 sodalite, tiger-eye, reconstructed turquoise, 

 reconstructed coral. Lapis and malachite loops, 

 special at 75 OO pair. 14K and 18K gold 

 earrings from 95 OO to 45o OO 

FROST BROS. 

SALON OF PRECIOUS JEWELS 

Winds 

Queen Elizabeth 

Mrs. Leon VVulfe has received her fourth note from the private secretary of Queen Elizabeth TI 
As is her custom, Mrs. Wulfe sent a card of congratulations to the Queen on the silver anni­ versary of her reign. 
The message from Buck­ ingham Palace was in appre­ ciation. 
Mr. and Mrs. Wulfes’ son. 
Carl Wulfe, is president of 
Temple Beth-El. The son of Mr. and Mrs. Emanuel Wulfe, Ed 
Wulfe, is president of Temple 
Emanuel in Houston. 
The two presidents are double first cousins, as their mothers are sisters and their fathers are brothers. 

GET GOING GIRLS. THE COUNTRY DASH-AWAY BAG 

AND FOUR ESTEE LAUDER BEAUTY-MAKERS, A 55.oo VALUE, 

ARE YOURS FOR JUST 1o.oo WITH ANY 6.5o 

OR MORE ESTEE LAUDER PURCHASE. 

Be off and running, beautifully. With 

Estee Lauder's big beautiful sky-blue plaid bag. It s just the 

 ticket for spur-of-the-moment weekends, in-the-city 

 sprees, anytime, inside, there s a handy mini case to stash all your 

 beauty secrets or favorite jewelry. Plus, you get special 

 sized versions of Swiss Performing Extract, Pressed Powder 

Compact. Original Youth-Dew Perfume Spray, Tender Lip 

Tint. All this glory, and just think, it s only 1o.oo with a 6.5o 

 purchase. Ours exclusively in Cosmetics. 

 o the Orient 

With a deep bow to 
China, the San Antonio 
Cotillion will hold “ A 
Night in the Orient” in 
San Antonio Country Club at 8 p.m. Friday, May 27. 
This Chinese Gala will take place on the terrace unless 
Buddha interferes. Mrs. Arth­ ur W. Dietel, party chairman, plans to have an authentic rickshaw outside the club with boys dressed like coolies taking turns pulling the carts. 
Entrance to the club will be through a pagoda, and a bronze gong af the foot of the circular staircase will have a costumed lackey to sound it. 
During the cocktail hour, egg rolls and seafood dips will be served. For dancing. Getting 
Better from Dallas will play. 
Cocktail attire is suggested on the invitation, with a fair share of Suzie Wong dresses and ki­ monos expected. 
Mines. Al Rath, Gil Alonzo and Robert Downey are assist­ ing with the arrangements. 
Mrs. Donald Heil is president of the San Antonio Cotillion. . 
Dr. August F, Herff Sr. and 
Dr. James WT. Nixon Sr. were 

Las Vegas 

Carey 
Clements, 
Jam ie 
Killian and Margaret Pawel will be honor guests at a Las 
Vegas Night party Anne and 
Fritz Holmstrom and Margie and Mote Baird are planning. 
The party will be held in the 
Holmstrom home on Saturday, and promises several surprises. 

FROST BROS. 

 will blow 

 honor guests at an appreciation dinner given by the board of directors and the Friends of 
Santa Rosa. 
The dinner for 112 guests was held in the Presidents' Room of the Santa Rosa Hospital in a setting entirely different from a sterile cubicle. 
Mrs. Belton Kleberg John­ son, dinner chairman, decorat­ ed circular tables with ar­ rangements of white daisies and piftosporum centered with a fall green candle. Palms ad­ ded greenery along the walls. 
Dining was by candlelight, but the lights were turned on for the program. James E. 
Windlinger, chairman of the 
Friends of Santa Rosa, was master of ceremonies of this 

 second appreciation evening. 
When introducing Sister An­ gela Clare Moran, executive director of the Santa Rosa Me­ dical Center, he mentioned her citation by the National Confer­ ence of Christians and Jews was the hospital’s finest hour. 
Tom C. Frost Jr., chairman of the board of Frost National 
Bank, said it was quite com­ forting to have “ this largest 
Catholic hospital in the U.S. and perhaps in the world” nearby. 
Frost, noted that he was born in the hospital and observed, 
“ We preserve the values in our society through our institu­ tions.” 
Dr. Allen Ritch introduced 
Dr. 
Herff, mentioning that eight different Herff doctors had served in the Santa Rosa. 
He also said that Dr. Herff had given 5o years of service to the community and had helped raise the standards of the ho­ spital. 
Dr. S.W. Allen introduced Dr. 
Nixon. He said that the town of 

Nixon was named for the phy­ sician’s family, and that two generations of Nixons had served at the hospital. 
Dr. Allen said for over 5o years Dr. Nixon trained young doctors and nurses in surgery I both at Santa Rosa and at Ro­ bert B. Green Hospitals. 
Sister Angela Clare and Sis­ ter Mary James W'helan pre­ sented gifts to the honor guests. 
B. K. Johnson read a cable from Governor and Mrs. Dolph 
Briscoe congratulating the two physicians and expressing re­ gret they were unable to attend. 
Mrs. Herff was wearing black chiffon and a double strand of pearls. Mrs. Nixon was in rose chiffon and multi-strands of pearls. During the cocktail hour she said she and the doctor had spent five days in New 
York two weeks ago. 
They attended a performance of the American Ballet, which is sponsored for the first time by the Metropolitan Opera 
Company. The Nixons saw the play “ Dirty Linen” but couldn’t get tickets to “ Annie” . 

SANTA ROSA honor guests, Dr. and Mrs. August F. H erff Sr., 
Dr. and Mrs. James W . Nixon Sr, p h o to by b o n jo n e s 
I- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - : 

The final “ Backstage at the 
Opera” will be given at the 
Bright Shawl at 3 p.m. Satur­ day. Robert Hale will present 
“ Norma.” The Opera Guild of the San Antonio Symphony So­ ciety gives these opera pre­ views. 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday May 15 1977 
GES chapters announce guiding stars 

Nineteen chapters of stall officers at 7.45 p rn. be installed as worthy the Order of Eastern Star 
Thursday, June 2, in the m atron and patron, will hold installation 
Eastern Star Temple. 
O thers will be Mrs. cerem onies during the 
Walter Wilson and Bruce month of June. 
Mrs. Leona M ustian 
Niles, associate matron 
A d a h Chapter will in- and Malcolm Fischer will and patron; and Mmes. J. 

A 
Mrs. Leona 
Mustian 
Adah 

Mrs. Evertt 
Weaver 
Army rn m m m m m m m 
# -rn** m m fc 

Mrs. Janice 
Davis 
Alamo Heights 

Mrs. Vernon 
Shupert 
Harlandale 

Mrs. James 
Mrs. Marshall 
McDaniel 
Besecker 
Highland Hills 
Valley Hi 

Mrs. Bob 
King 
Star 

I ' 
\; 
Mrs. Charles 
Bricker 
Radiant 

Mrs. James 
Griffith 
South San Antonio 

Mrs. Fred E. 
Harris 
San Antonio 

Mrs. Shelby 
Harkins 
Wimodausis 

Mrs. Leo R. 
Hanes 
Somerset 
O riental Rug Sale 

Today LAST D a y — 
M a y 15 

I o a.m. to 5 p.m. 
N ew , Semi-Antique and Antique 
2o% off Regular Prices 

An Oriental Rug expert will be in attendance to assist in the selection of your fine carpet 
Exquisites 

146 W. Olmos • San Antonio, Tx. • 826-1 23o 

C. Bryan, secretary; J. B. 
Parnell, treasurer; Ro­ bert Carpenter and Pau­ line Woodward, conduc­ tress and associate. 
Alamo Heights 
Alamo Heights Chapter 
No. 734 will hold installa­ tion ceremonies at 7:45 p.m. .Saturday, June ll in the Alamo Heights Eas­ tern Star Building. 
Mrs. Janice Davis and 
Virgil P. Harrell will be installed as worthy m a­ tron and patron. Others will be 
Mrs. 
Mary 
Spencer and Charles E. 
Crain Jr., associate ma­ tron and patron; and Mrs. 
Ira Gulliams, secretary; 
O rlando 
C. 
M ilford, treasurer; Mrs. Orlando 
C. Milford and Mrs. E. 
Graham Busch, conduc­ tress and associate. 
Army 
Army Chapter No. BB4 will install officers at 7:3o p.m. Saturday, June ll in the Army Lodge Hall. 
Mr. and Mrs. Evertt A. 
Weaver will be installed as worthy patron and matron. Others will be 
Mr. and Mrs. George 
Beets, associate patron and matron; Mrs. Billey 
Dell Moxon, secretary; 
Viola 
F o re ste r, treasurer; Mrs. Dorothy 
Gryska, and Mrs. Vivian 
Bruce, conductress and associate. 
Bethany 

Bethany Chapter No. 
912 will install officers at 
7:3o p.m. Monday, June 
13, in the Eastern Star 
Temple. 
Mrs. Roland Ramirez and Roland Ramirez will be installed as worthy matron and worthy pa­ tron. Others will be Mrs. 
Jesse C. Hernandez and 
Frank Moak, associate matron and patron; and 
Mmes. Adrian Joseph, secretary; Edward Sebik, tre a su re r; J a m e s W. 
Sharbutt, and Samuel ll. 
Hernandez, conductress and associate. 
Harlandale 
H arlandale C hapter 
No. 75o will hold installa­ tion at 7:45 p.m. Satur­ day, Ju n e ll, in the 
H arlandale 
Masonic 
Lodge Hall. 
Mrs. Vernon C. Shupert and Vernon C. Shupert will be installed as worthy matron and pa­ tron. Others will be Mrs. 
Marion G. Pope Jr. and 
Marion G. Pope Jr., as­ sociate matron and pa­ 

 tron; and Mmes. L. N. 
Clark, secretary; Thelma 
F itzw ater, tre a su re r; 
James Powell and C. L. 
Morris Jr., conductress and associate. 
Highland Hills 
Highland Hills Chapter 
No. 1o75 will hold instal­ lation ceremonies at 8 p.m. Saturday, June 4, in the Highland Hills Ma­ sonic Lodge. 
Mrs. Jam es H. McDan­ iel and Donnie Parker will be installed as worthy matron and pa­ tron. Others will be Arle- ta Bartlett and Eldridge 
Wagoner, associate m a­ tron and patron; Mrs. 
William Crawford, secre­ tary; Mrs. Winston Jor­ dan, tre a su re r; Pearl 
Weigand and Mrs. An­ drew Hester, conductress and associate. 
Logos 

Logos Chapter No. 998 will hold their installa­ tion at 7:3o p.m. Tuesday, 
June 7, in the San Antonio 
Lodge Hall. 
Mrs. Percy S. Burleson and Percy S. Burleson will be installed as worthy matron and pa­ tron. Others will be Eve­ lyn J. Hopkins and Cecil 
W. Hopkins, associate matron and patron; Mrs. 
Cecil W. Hopkins, secre­ tary; Dorothy English, tre a su re r; Mrs. Royce 
Henely and Mrs. Gerald 
Klieh, conductress and associate. 
Radiant 
Radiant Chapter No. 
636 will hold installation ceremonies at 7:45 p.m. 
Monday, June 6, in the 
Eastern Star Temple. 
Mrs. 
C harles 
C. 
Bricker and Charles C. 
Bricker will be installed as worthy matron and patron. Others will be 
Mrs. Jim Faverty and 
Jim E. Faverty, asso­ ciate matron and patron; 
Mines. Florence Page, secretary ; 
B arbara 
Lewis, treasurer; Robert 
Brooks and Joyce Ben­ son, conductress and as­ sociate. 
San Antonio 
San Antonio Chapter 
No. 3 will install officers at 7:45 p.m. Saturday, 
June ll in the Eastern 
Star Temple. 
Mrs. Fred E. Harris and 
Emil Akers will be in­ stalled as worthy matron and patron. Others will be Mrs. Kenneth D. Rudd and Dr. 
Kenneth D. 
Rudd, associate matron and patron; Mmes. J. W. 
Cummins, secretary; E. 
C. Gembler, treasurer; 
Harry Ohrt, and George 
T. Newcomb, conduc­ tress and associate. 
Star 
Star Chapter No. 782 will install officers at 2:3o p.m. Saturday, June 4, in the Blue Bonnet Masonic 
Lodge Hall. 
Mrs. Bob King and W. 
F. King will be installed as worthy m atron and patron. Others will be 
Mrs. Mearle Hansler and 
M earle H ansler, asso ­ ciate matron and patron; and 
M m es. 
Silas 
Voorhies, secretary; Tho­ mas Bradford, treasurer; 
Phelps Littlepage, and G. 
M. Foley, conductress and associate. 
South San 
South 
San 
Antonio 
Chapter No. 691 will hold installation ceremonies at 2 p.m. Saturday, June ll, in the Kelly Lodge 
Hall. 
Mrs. Ja m e s Griffith and Edison F. Flora will be installed as worthy m atron and patron. 
Others will be Mrs. Joel 
Burge and Joel Burge, associate matron and pa­ tron; and Mmes. Ruth 
W illiam s, sec re ta ry ; 
Barney 
M cDaniel, treasurer; Dorotha Hat­ field and James O. Bass, condu ctress and asso­ ciate. 
Valley Hi 
Valley Hi Chapter No. 
11o4 will install officers at 7:45 p .m . Monday, 
June 6, in the Valley Hi 
Masonic Hall. 
M rs. 
M arshall 
Be­ secker and 
Ja m e s 
Squires will be installed as worthy m atron and patron. Others will be 
Mrs. Jay Rowe and Jo­ seph Folk, associate worthy matron and pa­ tron; and Mmes. Vester 
Neal, secretary ; R ay­ mond Lieck, treasurer; 
Kenneth Smith and Paul 
Luce, conductress and associate. 
Wimodausis 
W imodausis Chapter 
No. 141 will install their officers at 7:45 p.m. 
Thursday, June 9, in the 
Patterson Masonic Lodge 
Hall. 
Mrs. Shelby Ii. Harkins and William D. Scofield will be installed as worthy matron and pa­ tron. Others will be Mrs. 

J \ 
Mrs. Jimmie 
Kelly 
Alamo 

Mrs. Roland 
Mrs. Thomas J. 
Ramirez 
Bethany 
Hight 
Bexar 

K 
Mrs. Frank E. 
Draper 
P roject Hill 

Mrs. Thurman 
Mrs. Percy S. 
Elders 
Burleson 
Texas 
Logos 

Imogene White and Mil­ ton R. Theis, associate matron and patron; and 
Mmes. Cleo West, secre­ tary; Ruby M. Stephens, tre a su re r; Bazil Zim- zores, and Peggy Mc J un­ kins, conductress and as­ sociate. 
Somerset 
Somerset Chapter No. 
73o will hold vesper ser­ vices at 7:3o p.m. and in­ stallation at 8 p.m. Fri­ day, June IO, in the So­ merset Masonic Hall. 
Mrs. Leo R. Hanes and 
Leo R. Hanes will be in­ stalled as worthy matron and patron. Others will be Mrs. John C. Hadden and Robert Brown, asso­ ciate worthy matron and patrorr; Ja m e s Boley, tre a su re r; and Mmes. 
Harry Cunningham and 
Robert Brown, conduc­ tress and associate; and 
Lawrence Wilson, secre­ tary. 
Texas 
Texas Chapter No. 35 will hold installation of officers at 7:45 p.m. 
Wednesday, June 15 in the Eastern Star Temple. 
Mrs. Thurman Elders and James Fuller will be installed as worthy m a­ tron and patron. Others will be M rs. W illiam 
M itchell and W illiam 
M itchell, associate worthy matron and pa­ tron; Mrs. Nancie DeVil- biss, secretary ; Nigra 
Marks, treasurer; Mrs. 
Mark Johnson and Mrs. 
Earl Marvin, conductress and associate. 
Alamo 
Alamo Chapter No. 665 will install officers at 8 p.m. Saturday, June 4, in the Eastern Star Temple. 
Vespers will be at 7:45 p.m. 
Mrs. Jimmie Kelly and 
Frank Kelly will be in­ stalled as worthy matron and patron. Others will be Mrs. Corinne Thomp­ 

 son and Arthur Thomp­ son, associate worthy matron and patron; Mer­ ritt Cannon, secretary; and Mmes. Dovie Den­ son, treasurer; Lamella 
Griggs, and Minnie Al­ len, conductress and as­ sociate. 
Prospect Hill 

Prospect Hill Chapter 
No. 817 will hold installa­ tion at 7:45 p.m. on Fri­ day, June IO, in the Eas­ tern Star Temple. 
Mrs. Frank E. Draper and Frank E. Draper will be installed as worthy m atron and patron. 
Others will be Miss Diane 
Boose and John J o h n ­ ston, associate worthy matron and patron; and 
Mmes. Don Roose, secre­ tary; 
Earl 
W eiss, treasurer; Milford P u t­ man and Don Putman, conductress and a sso ­ ciate. 
Bexar 
Bexar Chapter No. 616 will install officers at 7:45 p.m. Friday, June 3 in the Eastern Star Temple. 
Mrs. Thomas J. Hight and Clifton Dawson will be installed as worthy m atron and patron. 
Others will be Mrs. John 
B. Searson, associate matron; Margaret Burt,, secretary; and Mines. 
Fred May Jr.. treasurer; 
Donna Lee Kubasak, and 
Homer W. Driesslein, con­ ductress and associate. 
Schertz 
Schertz Chapter No. 911 will hold installation at 8 p.m. Saturday, June 4. in the Randolph Lodge No. 
1268. 
Mrs. Neal E. Richard­ son and 
Hayden 
A. 
Yarling will be installed as worthy m atron and patron. Others will be 
Mrs. Rommie Duncan and Harry II Jam ison, associate matron and pa­ tron; Mrs. Hayden A. 

Yarling, secretary; Flor- Harry James Jameison, ence Moss, tre a su rer; conductress and asso- 
Ann Cline and 
Mrs. date. 

SKAKS. K O M ilK K ANI) CO. 

 r n 

FAM Ol-S 

RINSE IOO 

A GREA T PERFORMER! 
COLORS 

G i\e - faded, lightened or gras hair a shim - mer\ radiance. 

S E T S 

Vet- a^ a setting lotion, to hold the line of your ( hie new hair-1 vie. 

CONDITIONS 
Em ollient- are built right in. to help protect you r hair, give it sheen and bod\. 

Have the 
Perm 
M (ive of' the 
Future — NOU 7 

8 
o r o o including Sham poo and Sci or 
Iii**w- I)r\ 
(hair cut extra) 

Conic iii for a Complimental*;) Consultation 
Downtown S a lo n ............................. 
228-1261 
Military Dr. S a l o n ...................................... 228-5o72 
Central Park S a l o n ..................................... 228-5272 

 we make ouse calls 

1/3 OFF I 

Imperial Satin Drapery fabric 

Rich and regal drapery fabric that adds distinction to any setting. M ade of rayon and acetate, in over a hundred shimmering colors. 
Vs OFF 

Thermal Lining 

Drapes with thermal lining help conserve energy by- keeping the room cool in summer, warm in winter 
4o% OFF 

Sheer Drapery fabric (Selected group) 

The finishing touch to any window treatment. Insure privacy without cutting off light and air. 
25% OFF 
Upholstery fabric (selected group) 

Call Sears for Free Estimate 

Sat mf action Guaranteed or Your M on ey Bark 

• draperies 
• upholstery 

Downtown Plaza 
228-1123 

 t slipcovers 
» bedspreads 

M ilitary Dri>e 
228-3o23 

 window shades woven woods 

Central Dark 
228- 5123 

Sears 

Ask about Sears credit plans 

Prices in Effect thru Tuesday. May 31-I 

Downtown Plaza Store 
Soledad at Navarro a — 
• 
■ 
Mon. and Thurs. 9:3o-9 
Where America shops ah other days 9.3o-6 

S t AHS. H o t Hi'( K AN ti ( O 
Military Drive Store at Pleasanton Rd. 
Mon. thru Sat. 
9:3o-9 

Central Park Store 
San Pedro at Loop 41o 
Mon. thru Sal. 
9:3o-9 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday May 15 1977 
Page, 
9-E 
TOP 12 TEEN FINALISTS 

Continued from Page LE 

 exhilirated. And I’ve had that sam e exhiliration each tim e we’ve studied the le tte rs or talked with the finalists. 
“ We h e a r so m u c h about that one-half of one per cent which causes trouble. But the students in this com petition are the real young people of today, and I feel very confi­ dent knowing the future is in their hands.” 
Skillern’s and the Express- 
News s h a re th a t feeling. 
Awarding college scholarships to deserving students is a m a­ jor p a r t of S k ille r n ’s total com m unity involvement pro­ gram . M orton R osenberg of 
D allas is p re s id e n t. Jo h n 
Alexander is San Antonio dis­ trict manager. 
The 
E x p re ss-N e w s has sponsored the search for Bex­ ar 
C o u n ty ’s 
O u ts ta n d in g 
Teen-age Boy and Girl since 
1958. 
Excerpts from the letters of nomination appear below: 
Cynthia Diaz de 
Leon 
C y n th ia D en ise D iaz de 
Leon, 17, daughter of Mrs. Ir­ ina Diaz de Leon and Robert 
Diaz de Leon, is a senior at 
Roosevelt High School. 
She was nominated bv her mother. 
In her letter, Mrs. Diaz de 
Leon writes: 
“ In h er sophom ore y ea r, 
Cynthia helped a friend com ­ plete n e c e s sa ry lessons in order to graduate. She encour­ aged him to finish his term paper and then she typed it for him. 
“ She has sought out students at Roosevelt who a re from 
S p an ish -sp e ak in g c o u n trie s and has helped them by trans­ lating for them, since she is bilingual. 
I “ Not only have her peers been recipients of her under­ standing and friendliness, but she readily offers to do anyth­ ing to help teachers, too.” 
; Cynthia is active in Divine 
R e d e e m e r 
P re s b y te r ia n 
C h u rch , w h ere sh e is a m em ber of the Youth Choir and Young People’s Group.’ 
She has participated in Vo­ lunteers for Probation, taking a young girl who was caught shoplifting to church and into her home to visit. 
Cynthia is a m em ber of the 
National Honor Society and the 
Social Studies and Spanish 
Honor Societies. She is presi­ dent of the Spanish Club and treasurer of Mu Alpha Theta, 
Math Honor Society. 
This sum m er she will work at Inman Community Center. 
She p lan s to atten d Austin 
College at Sherman, where she 

TW O Top Teens to re ce iv e sch o la r­ ships, bonds, plaques of recognition 

 will major in psychology. She would like to be a child psy­ chologist. 
Ruth De Young 

Ruth De Young, a senior at 
East Central High School, was nominated by Mrs. Leroy K. 
Grimes. 
The Top Teen finalist is the d a u g h te r of Mr. and M rs. 
Raymond De Young. 
“ Ruth sings the Call to Wor­ ship almost every Sunday at 
M cK inley 
A venue 
U n ite d 
M eth o d ist C h u rc h ,” w rites 
Mrs. Grimes, chairm an of the church board. 
Ruth has served as treasurer of United Methodist Youth and is now’ coordinator of Youth 
A ctiv itie s. 
“ Mr. De Young is legally b lin d ,” notes M rs. G rim es. 
“ Although he sees well enough lo teach school arid does beau­ tiful ca rp e n try . . . he is not able to drive a car. 
“ Ruth has always lovingly and g ra c io u sly helped her father run errands, as well as chauffeured her two younger brothers lo give her mother, who teaches school, some re­ lief from these tasks.” 
“ She has gone to a nursing home to visit the elderly and to cheer them up. The past two sum m ers she has assisted in a recreational program for the low-income youth...” 
A m em ber of the National 
Honor Society, Ruth is g r a ­ duating fourth in her class with an overall grade average of 95.9 per cent. She plans to 

 attend either M cM urray Col­ lege or Southwest Texas State 
University. 
She is a m e m b e r of the school acappella choir and the 
All-Regional Choir. She has won both silver and gold m e­ dals in tennis tournam ents, and a gold medal in a speech writing contest. 
David Edmonson 

Joe David Edm onson J r ., son of Mr. and Mrs. Joe D. 
Edmonson, was nominated by his F re n c h te a c h e r at M a­ c A rth u r High School, M rs. 
Jack Moynihan, and by W. L. 
Flatt, a family friend and his father’s boss. 
David, as he is known, will attend Duke University next fall. He will study political science and hopes to become a 
U. S. Representative. 
Writes Mrs. Moynihan: . 
With an overall average of 
91 throughout his four years of high school, David has nonthe- less served his church as an altar boy from ages 9 to 14 and has maintained interests in other activities. 
He is a m em ber of the National Honor 
Society, the National Foren­ sic League, vice president of the senior class at MacArthur and president of the French 
Club. 
“ He has excelled in various 
Fren ch com petitions. He re ­ ceived four first place awards at both the 1976 and 1977 state 
French symposiums, and was awarded a scholarship to a t­ tend the F re n c h In te n siv e 

Language Camp this June. 
“ In 1976, he received a $59o scholarship to attend Trinity 
University’s first annual hon­ ors business sem inar, one of 5o chosen from 2,5oo students. 
“ At MacArthur, he won se­ ven first places in speech con­ tests throughout the state. He won the city division of the 
E lk ’s Oratorical Contest for 
1976, placing second in state. 
He repeated this honor in 1977 and will go to the state level in 
June.” 
James V. Little Til 

Jam es V. Little III, a Mac­ 
Arthur 
High 
School senior, was nominated by his princi­ pal, Lawrence L. Lane, and school c o u n s e lo r, D orothy 
Hilker. 
Jim m y takes an active role in both scholastic and extra- cu rricu alar activities. He is ranked first in a senior class of 
611 students. 
Writes Miss Hilker: 
“ In the ll years that I have worked with high school stu­ dents, there has been only one 
Jim m y Little, and I will be surprised to meet another. The variety of his talents and in­ terests is unusual, but the abi­ lity to accomplish an unbelie­ vable num ber of tasks in an efficient m anner is a rare ta­ lent.” 
The son of Col. and Mrs. 
Jam es V. Little Jr., he has been chosen as one of nine 
V an d erb ilt S ch o la rs in the 
United S tates. Ile plains to pursue a medical career and will begin his pre-med studies at Vanderbilt University this fall. 
President of the MacArthur 
Student Council, Jim m y has held m an y e le c tiv e offices since the elem entary grades. 
He has earned eight UIL first division ratings in music plus participating in the MacArth­ ur M a rc h in g B and, S tag e 
B and, San A ntonio Youth 
Symphony Orchestra and the 
Alamo Boys’ Choir. He is past president of the National Hon­ or Society. 
“ Jim m y serv es as senior acolyte at St. David’s Episco­ pal C h u rch , v isits n u rsin g homes to provide musical en­ te rta in m e n t and joins c o m ­ munity collection drives for charitable causes,” continues 
Miss Hilker. 
In addition, she notes that 
“ He finds tim e to tutor fellow students through the National 
Honor Society T utorial S e r­ vice, to play tennis and com ­ munity baseball and to read vociferously.’’ 
Taryn McCain 

T a ry n -M a rie M cCain, an 
Alamo Heights High School senior, has been nominated by her “ fishing partners,” Anth­ 

 ony and Virginia Nicholas. 
“ Taryn accepts people for what and who they are, what­ ever their station in life; yet, subtly she urges them on to hig h er a t ta i n m e n t s ,” w rite 
Mr. and Mrs. Nicholas in their joint letter. 
The d a u g h ter of Mr. and 
Mrs. Johnny McCain, Taryn is involved in numerous school. 

 church and com m unity a c ti­ vities. 
She is a N atio n al M erit 
Scholar and ranks second in her high school class. She is a m e m b e r of four h onor s o ­ cieties. including Sigma Psi 
O m ega, a science honorary organization. 
She is fluent in Spanish and 
See OUTSTANDING, Page IO E 

Watch for top 

 girl anil boy 

 next Sunday 

GOTH ANNIVERSARY SALE 

MARCHE WIGS 
16.99 

Usually 25 OO. Choose from three styles. Laura, with a tapered back and a 

 natural skin-tone top Ot modacrylic fiber. Denise, of D ynelRl modacrylic fiber with fluffed 

 back and flattering crown height. Tony, a precision-cut pageboy of 

 modacrylic fiber blend. All in natural, mixed and frosted shades. Wig Boutique. 

FROST 
BROS. 

SIP ll’ F R O ST S D O W N TO W N AND NOH lit ST AK MALL 
It’s club timeI 
Clip the coupon 

With s u m m e r ju s t ahead, club season is coming to a close. Enc of year activities will fill the month of May, before most groups close their books until next fall. 
Along with the end of the year, most groups elect and install new of­ ficers for the coming year. 
Before you close your books — be su re to register vour club with 

 the Express-News for the coming year. 
The Women's D epart­ m ent of the E x p re ss- 
News would like to have the nam e and phone number of the new pre­ sident an d p u b lic ity chairman of your club to help you with your pub­ licity needs. 
Take a minute out of your busy May schedule to clip and m ail the registration form. 

Many local organizations and clubs have already named new officers, others will be doing so iii a short time. We d like to update our current information. Please clip and re­ turn this form: 
1977-78 
Club registration 

Name of c l u b ........................................................ 

Nam e of p resid e n t.............................................. 

A d d re s s .................................................................. 

Daytime telephone num ber.............................. 

Date e le c te d .......................................................... 

Publicity c h a ir m a n ............................................ 

A d d re s s .................................................................. 

Daytime telephone n u m b er.............................. 

Please complete this form and return it to the 
Women’s Department, San Antonio Express and News, P.O. Box 2171. San Antonio, Tex. 
78297 by June IO. 

D uring the c o m in g year there may be occa­ sions to check on infor­ mation received in news releases. Som etim es it necessary to contact your club president for v a r­ ious reasons. 
The staff of the 
W o m an ’s D e p a rtm e n t will be happy to work with (he slates of new officers for the coming year. Early registration helps us in meeting pub­ licity needs of local clubs. 
Watch for the publicity g u id e lin e s to be p u b ­ lished in the fall along with pictures of new club presidents. 
Have a nice sum m er, after you’ce sent in your club registration so we can have our files ready for action when the club fall season opens. 

Bar auxiliary 

|>Iaus session 

Women’s Auxiliary of 
San Antonio Bar Associa­ tion will honor past pre­ sid e n ts and in stall of­ ficers at ll) a.m. Tuesday. 
May 24, in the home of 
Mrs. Charles Roberts. 
C o-hostesses will be 
Mines. Terry Bickerton, 
R ichard T. B rad y and 
Richard Stewart. 
A proposal to investi­ gate forming an-axiriHary to the State Bar As*socia-< lion will be discussed. 
F or fu rth e r in fo rm a ­ tion. call Mary Heard. 

Brotherhood 

 lo show slides 

Temple Beth-El Broth­ erhood will p re s e n t a slide presentation “ Ma­ gic Islands of the W orld” 
T u e s d a y at 8 p.m . at 
Temple Beth-El. 
The show will include travels of Leonard and 
Shirley Sterling. 
„ 

GOTH ANNIVERSARY SALE 

AMALFI SANDALS 28.oo 

Were 36.oo. 

Dorelli, a low heel sandal with golden trim. Bone,navy, red or white calf 

 or black patent. Buteo, with a slightly higher heel, ornamental stitching. Black patent or red, 

 navy, white, bone or came! calf. Omino, mid heel sandal 

 with crisscross straps. White, camel or bone calf or black patent. Shoe Salon. 

FROST BROS. 

SHOP* FR O ST 'S D O W N T O W N AND N O R T H STAR NI ALL 

Page 
I O E 
San Antonio EXPRESS N EW S— Sunday May 15 I 977 
OUTSTANDING TEEN FINALISTS 

 has devoted many hours tu­ toring a Spanish-speaking stu­ dent from Puerto Rico. 
Tarvn’s peers elected her parliamentarian of the senior class and business manager of 
Student Council’s executive board. 
She was chosen as one of 2o teens to attend the Annual 
Student Conference on Nation­ al Affairs at Texas A&M Uni­ versity. 
A member of Redeemer 
Lutheran Church. Taryn has volunteered for such causes as the American Cancer Society, 
Muscular Dystrophy Founda­ tion and World Hunger Relief, 
She plans to major in cri­ minal .justice and law at the 
University of Texas, and ulti­ mately to pursue a career in law. 
Hoxie Noyes 

Roxie Noyes, daughter of 
Mr. and Mrs. Roland Noyes, was nominated as a Top Teen by members of Alpha Rho 
Chapter Epsilon Sigma Alpha 
International Service Sorority. 
Another letter nominating the Marshall High School sen­ ior was submitted by Dr. and 
Mrs. William T. Kniker. 
The Knikers are parents of one of the children in the spe­ cial education class in Leon 
Valley where Roxie is a teacher’s aid. 
She maintains a B average at Marshall, where she is pre­ sident of HERO-FHA (Home 
Economics Related Occupa­ tions — Future Homemakers of America). 
Among her other activities is membership in Campus Meth­ 

 odist Youth Fellowship at He­ lotes Hills United Methodist 
Church. 
Roxie has a Senior Lifesav­ ing Certificate and an Aquatic 
Instructor Certificate. 
Note the members of Alpha 
Rho Chapter in their letter: 
“ She used these talents last summer and was employed as a lifeguard and a swim in­ structor at a local day care center. 
“ Her empathy and concern for others is definitely a part of her daily life. .’’ 
Roxie plans to become a special education teacher to work with with autistic chil­ dren. 
Robert J. Paveglio 
Robert J. Paveglio, a senior at Edison High School, was nominated by his neighbor, 
Mrs. W. E. Tucker. 
Other letters of nomination came from Mr. and Mrs. Frank 
F. Garrish Jr., Robert’s former neighbors; Ann Arnot, Edison art teacher; Mrs. Dorothy P. 
Whyte, friend; Mrs. Louise B. 
Rivers, friend; George F. 
Jordan, 
Edison 
English teacher; L.D. Mahanay, cha­ plain at Baptist Memorial Ho­ spital, and Dr. Carl E. Bos- shardt. 
Robert is the son of Mrs. 
Carol Paveglio. At Edison, he is a member of the National 
Honor Society, a representa­ tive for the senior advisory planning board and a member of the Fine Arts Club. 
Sixteen-year-old 
Robert comes from a family of nine brothers and four sisters. He has contributed to the family income for his widowed mother since he was nine years 

 old, note the nominating let­ ters. 
“ He first came to my atten­ tion when he ws was delivering newspapers for a friend. Ro­ bert, age nine at the time, stopped in the middle of his paper route to help my friend ’s elderly mother,” says Mrs. 
Tucker. 
“ She became very ill while in her yard and Robert brought the needed medicine at once. 
“ The lady he helped is now 94, and Robert, in spite of a busy schedule reads to her, takes her flowers and brightens her life in many ways.” 
Scho­ lastically recognized in art, 
Robert will study commercial art in college. 
Karen Pilarezyk 

Karen Pilarezyk is an active participant in student govern­ ment at Highlands 
High 
School. 
The 18-year-old senior was nominated by her neighbor 
Mrs. Dorothy Kowalik. She is the daughter of Mr. and Mrs. 
Leon Pilarezyk. 
Karen is secretary of the 
Student Council. She has served as a delegate to the 
Texas Association of Student 
Council’s state convention. 
She is listed in Who’s W'ho 
Among American High School 
Students. 
“ Karen is very active in 
C’hiroanes, a school communi­ ty service organization that has helped in children’s shelters, . nursing homes and hospitals,’’ writes Mrs. Kowa- lik. 
A member of the National 
Honor Society, she ranks in the 

 top IO per cent of her graduat­ ing class. Karen has lettered for the past three years on the 
Highlands Varsity Volleyball team. 

In her junior year she played on the All-District first team. 
As a senior she played on the 
All-District second team. 
Karen presently works part-time for a law firm as a secretary. 
She is a member of Holy 
Name Catholic Church. 

Michael Rodriguez 

Michael C. Rodriguez, a senior at Southside High 
School, has led the student body in caring for the needs of the community. 
Michael is the son of Mr. and 
Mrs. Salvador Rodriguez. He was nominated by Sister Phyl­ lis Nolan, Daughters of Chari­ ty, El Carmen Mission and by 
Maige M. Rodriguez, principal of Southside High School. 
“ I don’t believe I ’ve ever known a student leader to af­ fect his school the way Mike has,” writes Sister Phyllis. . 
“ Southside is a school dis­ trict ranking among the state’s poorest income levels. Poverty here is real, needs are many. 
Instead of giving in to the temptation to complain, Mike has led the students in a beau­ tification campaign ” she con­ tinues. 
For this project, funds were raised through walk-a-thons. 
Paint and supplies have been purchased and students are remodeling the classrooms themselves. 
As president of the Student 
Council, Michael has stirred 

 interest among parents o take action in obtaining funds, through the federal govern­ ment for improved water con­ ditions in Southside schools, note the writers. 

He ranks first in his gra­ duating class and has been ac­ cepted to Princeton University for the fall semester. 
L a r r y S m ith 

Larry Smith, president of the National Honor Society at 
Lee High School, was nomin­ ated by his aunt, Mrs. Earle 
Cobb Jr. 
He is the son of Mr. and Mrs. 
Charles L Smith 
The Lee senior ranks eighth in his graduating class of 585 members. His grade average is 99 plus. 
While maintaining his high scholastic record, Larry also has been a member of the Lee 
Varsity Golf team. 
Other honorary mem­ berships at 
Lee 
High 
School include the Spanish 
Honor Society. He is vice pre­ sident of the organization and on a recent club trip to the 
Yucatan he served as a guide. 
A 'member of Covenant 
Presbyterian Church, Larry is president of the Senior High 
Organization and has been a special delegate to the Pres­ bytery del Salvador meeting. 
At the family level Larry is always ready to help,” writes 
Mrs. Cobb. 

“ He embodies in his own life the attributes stressed by the 
National Honor Society: the qualities of leadership, char­ acter, scholarship and ser­ vice.” 

This fall Larry will attend 
Southern Methodist University where he will study pre-law. 

Laura Vasquez 

“ Laura Vasquez, Student 
Council president, can wear more faces than anyone around 
— all totally dif­ ferent — and all very attrac­ tive,” writes Mrs. Myrtle Ri­ ley, Student Council sponsor at 
Burbank High School. 
Laura is the daughter of Mr. and Mrs. J.C. Vasquez. 
The Burbank senior works at promoting new ideas and pro­ jects while maintaining a high scholastic average. 
She spearheaded the school’s Junior Olympics for scholarships to deserving stu­ dents. 
Laura ranks sixth in her graduating class of 45o stu­ dents. Yale, Princeton, Har­ vard and Notre Dame univer­ sities all have accepted her application. She will continue her education at Notre Dame. 
Laura’s sports are tennis, swimming and softball. She was a member of Burbank's varsity tennis team for two years, and was an “ All Star” performer on the community softball team. 
Laura is an active member of her church parish and has participated in many com­ munity service activities, among them a 2o-mile charity walk-a-thon, the recycling of paper and aluminum , and coordinating the distribution of Christmas baskets to needy families. She is a member of 
Joske’s Teen Board. 

Victor Zavala 
Victor Zavala, president of his senior class at Lanier High 
School, has been an active leader in school organizations and community affairs since grade school. 
He is the son of Mrs. Olga R. 
Zavala and Victor Zavala. 
The Lanier senior was also a finalist in the 1976 search for 
Bexar County’s Outstanding 
Teen-agers. 
Numerous letters were writ­ ten in Victor’s behalf. Those writing to nominate him in­ clude Maria Elena C. Ortega, vice principal of Lanier High 
School, and 
Mrs. 
Bennie 
Carter, senior class sponsor. 
Victor is also tops with his family. His sisters, Diana, 
Dahlia, and Delores, and his grandfather, Ernest Perrin, nominated him for the Ex- press-News award. 
“ Victor is a conscientious young man and in various in­ stances he has displayed his friendliness and interest for the betterment of the com­ munity,” writes Mrs. Ortega. 
“ Typically I can recall where he has assisted with the elderly in grocery shopping, making payments and other similiar tasks.” 
At school this year, Victor has served as president of Fu­ ture Teachers of Am erica 
(FTA ), and district vice presi­ dent of FTA. 
He is basketball manager, treasurer of the Russian Club, a member of Teen Advisory 
Group and the National Honor 
Society. 
Victor is a member of 
Sacred Heart Catholic church. 

FROSTS 6oTM ANNIVERSARY SALE 

SHOP FROST'S DOWNTOWN AND NORTH STAR MALL 

SHOP STOREWIDE FOR SUPER SAVINGS ON THE VERY LATEST IN FASHION. 

FOX TRIM CASHMERE COATS 379.9o 
Were 48o.oo.1oo% cashmere with fox collars. In black or heather colors for 4 to 18 sizes. 
All fur products labeled to show country of origin of furs. 

PURE CASHMERE COATS 169.9o 
Were 26o.oo. In wrap, single breasted and trench styles. In navy, vanilla, pecan or dogwood for 4 to 18 sizes. 

YOU MIGHT WIN A 6oo.oo FASHION WARDROBE OF YOUR CHOICE FROM FROST' S. REGISTER NOW THROUGH MAY 3o IN ANY OF OUR STORES. NO PURCHASE NECESSARY. 

 hold on the art o f judo 

Our men's swimwear collection designed by Jantzen is a ‘natural' for summer fun because polyester-cotton makes everything durable and easy care, too. Left, cover-up shirt, 25.oo, 
Shorts with front patch pockets, 13.oo. Center, shorts with elastic waistband, slit side vents, and rope look braid trim, 12.oo. All in natural tone textured polyester cotton gauze with brown accents, in sizes 32-38. Right: Rugby style terry top in navy/cam el tone, on red/navy stripes, sizes S,M,L,XL, 2o.oo. Solid color short with elastic w aistband and front belt buckle trim, sizes 32-38 in camel color/navy or w hite/red, 1o.oo. Men's Sport Furnishings, Down­ town, North Star, W indsor Park, Austin. C harge it! 

Scoutens get 

EXPftESS-NEWS 
Scene n 

Sunday May 15 1977 
Page I F 

BILL SCOUTEN JR. does a forward rollout exercise past the noses of his Dad, brother Howard and sister Andrea 

------ 

EDNA MCGAFFEY 

 curitv Police Office at Rand­ olph AFB. are devoted fans and p a re n ts club m em bers. 
They serve as chauffers and ch ap ero n es on tournam ent trips. 
The judo coach. T. Sgt. Rene 
Pom m erelle, says. “ It takes such a dedicated family to de­ velop a champion.” 
Billy and A ndrea becam e state cham pions in February. 
They won first place in their divisions at the Texas Judo 
Black Belt Association state 

 cham pionship tournam ent in 
Houston. 
B illy com peted ag ain st 
13-year-old heavyweights, and 
Andrea competed in the SH to 
1o5-pound division for g irls ages 8 to 12. 
These are their most presti­ gious wins in three years of tournament play. 
Sgt. Scouten m ain tain s a chronological log of the young­ sters tournaments. This record shows Billy and Andrea have competed in 18 and Howard in 
I ti. Each youngster has placed among the top three com peti­ tors many times. 
In the series of seven grades. 

 denoted by the color of the belt, 
Billy holds a first degree brown belt, and Andrea and Howard hold the 1oth degree blue belt. 
Students begin at the white belt level and progress upward to yellow, orange, green, blue, brown and finally to the black belt of the m aster. The grading tests are part theory and part contest. 
Sgt. Scouten exercises with the judo team and helps to teach the beginners term ino­ logy and basic hold downs. He has never taken a grading test because, he said, “ I m too old to start. Anyone who stays in 
See JUDO, Page S F 

Summer naturals...mens poolsiders by Jantzen 

Judo may not strike you as a family sport, but it can be. 
Activities of the Wil­ liam B. Scouten family revolve around judo, a 
Japanese form of wres­ tling. 

The three youngsters', Billy 
J r., 14; Howard, 13, and An­ drea, IO, train three tim es a week and frequently compete in tournaments. 
Mom and dad, Susie and S. 
Sgt. Scouten, stationed in the 
Air T raining Com m and’s Se- 

HE’S 

A UNIT OF ALLIED STORES 
SHOP ALL STORES IO 'TIL 9 MONDAY! 

 e n ga ge m e n ts + + + e n ga ge m e n ts + + + e n ga ge m e n ts + + + e n ga ge m e n ts 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEW S— Sunday May 15 I 977 

Guarantee 

NORTH STAR AND MCCRELESS STORES ONLY 

Denham-Brown 

M A N N E Q U IN S BUTTER-SOFT KIDSKIN SLING SET OFF WITH 
NATURAL ROPE O N CREPE. WHITE, OR N A V Y ............ $32. 

WE ACCEPT AMERICAN EXPRESS AND M OST MAJOR CREDIT CARDS 

 leers or salad/berry sets 
2o 
Your 
O O OO choice 

Your choice of National Silver’s 12-pc. icer set or 11- pc. salad/berry sets. The icer set has 4 icers, 4 liners and 4 plates. The salad/berry set has I large bowl, 8 individual bowls and 2 plastic servers. Glassware, 
Downtown, North Star, Windsor Park and Austin. 

Lightweight, compact Port­ a-dolly carrier 

 i i " 

Mr. and Mrs. E rn est 
J a m e s 
D enham a n ­ nounce the engagement of their daughter. P atri­ cia Louise, to B. Bailey 
Brown, son of Mrs. Mary 
Louise Brown. 

The b rid e -e le c t is a graduate of Thomas J e f ­ ferson High School. She received a B.S. degree in edu cation from S o u th ­ west Texas State Univer­ sity where she was a member of Delta Zeta. 

Mer fiance graduated from John Marshall High 
School, San Antonio Col­ lege and San Diego State 
University. 

The couple plans an 
Aug. 7 w edding in St. 
Mark’s United Methodist 
Church. 

Miss Ziegler, 
Robert Conger set August 13 wedding date 

Mr. and Mrs. Thad Max Ziegler an­ nounce the en g a g em en t of th e ir daughter, Lori Ann, to Robert Paschal 
Conger, son of Mr. and Mrs. Ja c k Lyles 
Conger. 
The bride-elect is a graduate of 
Douglas MacArthur High School. She received a B.S. degree in home econo­ mies in interior design from Texas 
C h ristian U n iv ersity . She was a member of Zeta Tau Alpha. 
Her fiance graduated from Alamo 
Heights High School. He received a 
B A. degree in business from Texas 
Christian University where he was a member of Sigma Alpha Epsilon. 
The couple plans an Aug. Kl wedding in St. Luke’s Episcopal Church. 

Nancy Guido, 
Mr. Neugebauer to be married in June rites 

Mr. aud Mrs. Louis L. Guido Jr . announce the engagem ent of their daughter, Nancy Louise, to David 
Charles Neugebauer, son of Mr. and 
Mrs. Arthur J. Neugebauer.« 

A June wedding is planned in St. 
Francisco Di Paola Catholic Church. 

Miss Guido is a graduate of Lee High 
School and received a B.S. degree in psychology from Texas A&M Universi­ ty* She is currently pursuing a mas­ ter’s degree ut Texas A&M. 
Her fiance is a graduate of Central 
Catholic High School and Texas A&M 
University, 

Wedding vows to be said in 
Trinity chapel 

Mr. and Mrs. David C. Carpenter announce the engagem ent of their daughter, Susan Lynn, to Michael Ross 
Warner of Abilene, son of Mr. and Mrs. 
Verlin P. Warner of Arvada. Colo. 

An Aug. 2o wedding is planned in 
Margarite B. Parker Chapel at Trinity 
University. 
The bride-elect is a graduate of 
Marshall High School and a junior at 
Abilene Christian University where she is a member of Omega Rho Alpha, Ko 
Jo Kai YVomen’s Social Club and on the 
Dean’s Honor Roll. 
He is a cum laude graduate of Abi­ lene C h ristia n U n iv ersity and a member of Alpha Chi, Frater Sodalis 
Men’s Social Club and on the Dean’s 
List. 

Karen Shields, 
John Walker, will marry in 
June ceremony 

Mr. and Mrs. Grady o . Shields of 
Carterville. III., announce the engage­ ment of their daughter. Karen Sue of 
Hurst, to John Paul Walker, son of Mr. and Mrs. Kenneth J. Walker. 

The couple will marry June 25 in 
First Presbyterian Church. 

The b rid e -e le ct received a B.A. degree from The University of Texas at 
Austin and is working on a m aster’s degree at North Texas State Universi­ ty. 

He is also a graudate of UT-Austin with a B.B.A. degree in marketing. 

Byrd-Gordon 

The e n g a g em en t of 
M iss K a th e rin e 
Lane 
Byrd to Harold Jo h n 
Gordon, both of Dallas, is announced by lier p a r­ e n ts, 
Mr. and 
M rs. 
Walter Redding Byrd. He is the sen of Mr. and Mrs. 
Harold Rycroft Gordon of 
Du I las 

The b rid e -e le c t g r a ­ duated from Tivy High 
School in K errville and the University of Texas w here she was a member 

 of Pi Beta Phi. lie r fian ce is a g r a ­ duate of Hillcrest High 
School in Dallas. He is a can d id ate for August graduation from the Uni­ versity of Texas w here he w ill receive a B.S. degree in m a rk e tin g . He is a m em ber of Phi Gamm a 
Delta. 

The couple will be married Sept. 3 in Royal 
Lane Baptist Church in 
Dallas. 

Mora-Maldonado 

Mr. and Mrs. Ernest L. 
Mora announce the en­ g ag em en t of th eir daughter, Tina Mora, to 
George if. M aldonado, son of George Maldona­ do. 
The b rid e -e le c t is a graduate of Providence 
High School. She gra-- duated from the Univer­ sity of Texas at San An­ tonio where she received a B.A. degree in elemen­ tary education. 
Her fian ce is a g r a ­ duate of Central Catholic 
High School. He is a sen­ ior at the University of 
T e x a s at San Antonio where he is majoring in biology. 
The wedding is planned for July 2 in St. 
John Benchman’s Catho­ lic Church. 

Cantu-Trevino 

Mr. and Mrs. A lejan ­ dro Cantu announce the e n g a g em en t of th eir d a u g h ter, Y o lan d a, to 
Daniel Jo se Trevino, son of Mr. and M rs. Jo s e 
Antonio Trevino. 
The b rid e -e le ct is a g rad u ate of South San 
Antonio 
High 
School where she was a member of the pep squad and an­ nual staff. She is attend­ ing San Antonio College. 
Her fiance graduated from Jo h n J a y 
High 
School and is serving in the U.S. Air Force. 
A Ju ly 2 wedding is planned in St. Vincent De 
Paul Catholic Church. 

ERIC A LE FSE N 
MARILYN WHALEY 

D’Acosta-Hodgson 

Miss Whaley, 
Erie A lef sen will say vows 

Miss Marilyn Whaley, daughter of 
Mrs. Bert Kirkman Whaley and the late Lt. Col. Whaley, is engaged to Erie 
Alefsen, son of Mr. and Mrs. Frederick 
William Alefsen of Milwaukee, Wis. 

The b rid e -e le ct received a B .S . degree from Trinity University and a 
M.Ed. degree from Our Lady of the 
Lake College. She is a member of Kappa 
Kappa Gamma, the San Antonio Con­ servation Society, San Antonio Sym ­ phony Women’s Committee, and the 
American Personnel and Guidance As­ sociation. She made her debut as hon­ oree of the San Antonio German Club and was Duchess of the Armed Forces in the Order of the Alamo’s Court of 
Beauty. 
Her fiance received a B.S. degree a/id a M.S. degree from the University of Wisconsin. He is a member of the 
San Antonio Wheelmen. 
A June 25 is planned in St. Pius X 
Church. 

Mr. and Mrs. Jam es L. 
D’Acosta of New Canaan, 
Conn., announce the en­ g ag e m e n t of their daughter, Alice Ann, to 
Erie Ward Hodgson, son of Mr. and Mrs. Donald 
Ward Hodgson of Char­ leston, VV. Va. 
M iss D ’A costa is a g ra d u ate of H illcre st 
High School in Dallas and will receive a bachelor of s c ie n c e d eg ree in psy­ 

 chology and sociology from Trinity University. 
Her fiance graduated from W. T. White High 
School in Dallas and has a b a c h e lo r’s d egree in history and c h e m istry from Trinity University. 
He is now attending den­ tal school at W est V ir ­ ginia University in Mor­ gantown. 
The wedding is planned for late July. 

Stephens-Iiaupt 

Mr. and Mrs. Robert 
G. Stephens announce the e n g a g em en t of their daughter. Nancy Lynn, to 
Brian Craig Haupt. 

He is the son of Mr. and 
Mrs. Robert Haupt. 

The w edding is planned for Ju ly 23 at 
Shepherd King Lutheran 
Church. 

Frosted grapefruit glasses 

OO 8-piece 
Set 

Add flair to your breakfast with grapefruit served in lovely frosted grapefruit glasses. 8-piece set includes 
4 compotes arid 4 plates. Glassware, Downtown, 
North Star, Windsor Park and Austin. 
JOSH E’S 
H A UNIT or ALLIED STORES 

Shaw-Flores 

Col. (r e t.) and M rs. 
Ronald Glenn Shaw an­ nounce the engagement of their daughter, Cynth­ ia Anne, to R obert J o ­ seph Flores, son of Mr. and Mrs. J. Flores Jr . of 
Conway, S.C. 
'n 
The b rid e -e le ct is a g rad uate of 
W inston 
Churchill High School. 
She is a cand id ate for 
May graduation from the 
University of T e x a s at 
San Antonio where she will receiv e her B .S . degree in education. 

Her fiance graduated from Orange Park High 
School in Orange Park, 
Flu. 

The wedding is planned fur July 16. 

GLASS 

LORI ANN ZIEGLER 

NANCY LOUISE GUIDO 

SUSAN CARPENTER 
MICHAEL WARNER 

KAREN SHIELDS 
JOHN WALKER 

Carry your own luggage and pack­ ages without worry. 
This light­ weight carrier comes completely assembled and it opens fast and easy. To store it, just fold it up. 
Heavy duty construction, yet weighs only four pounds! Notions, 
Downtown, 
North 
Star, 
Windsor 
Park, Las Palmas and Austin. 

JOSKE’S 
M A UNIT o r ALLIED STORES 

Sets of four banana split, soda or sundae glasses 

Your 
I H O O choice 
I VZ 

Serve deserts in beautiful frosted glasses by National 
Silver. Choose a set of four banana splits, soda or sundae glasses. Glassw are, Downtown, North Star, 
Windsor Park and Austin. 
JOSHES u t A UNIT OF ALLIED STORES 

FROSTED 

Taylors will make home in 
Nacogdoches 

Miss Cynthia Anne Johnson and 
Steven 
J a m e s 
T ay lo r, both of 
Nacogdoches, were married Saturday in the First Baptist Church of Garrison. 
The Rev. Carl Greer officiated. 
Parents of the bride are Mr. and Mrs. 
Roger A. Johnson. The groom is the son of Mr.and Mrs. Ja m e s S. Taylor Jr. of Garrison. 
Matron of honor was Mrs. Nelson 
Williams and maid of honor was Shel­ ley Kyler. Bridesm aid was Patricia 
Ray Johnson, sister of the bride. 
Serving as best man was Jack G ar­ rison. Groomsmen were Nelson Wil­ liams and Arthur Jo e Rhodes. Ushers w ere Jeff Johnson, brother of the bride, 
Edsel West and Tom Taylor. 
A reception was held at the church fellowship hall following the ceremony. 
The couple w ill live in Nacogdoches. 
Couple says nuptial vows in Missouri 

Miss Melinda Anne Krautmann of 
Chillicothe, Mo. became the bride of 
Albert Garcia III, Friday in St. Colum- ban Catholic Church at Chillicothe. 
The bride is the daughter of Dr. and 
Mrs. Edmund Krautmann of Chilli­ cothe. The groom ’s parents are Mr. and Mrs. Albert Garcia . 
Serving as bridesmaids were Lorrie 
K. Garcia and Sharon Krautmann. 
Best man was Charles Fulhage and groomsman was Mike Krzywosinski. 
Usher was Pat Crumrine. 
A reception was held at the home of the bride’s parents following the cere­ mony. 
After a wedding trip to Colorado, the couple will reside in California. 

Campbell-Reiners vows are repeated 

MRS. STEVEN J. TAYLOR 

MR. AND MRS. ALBERT GARCIA III 

Johnson-Kellner vows read 

MRS. GLENN A. FISCHER JR . 

G.A. Fischer Jr., 
Miss Williamson recite nuptials 

Miss Jayne Have Williamson became the bride of Glenn Allen Fischer Jr. of 
Richardson, Saturday in Sunset Ridge 
Church of Christ Chapel. Doyle Mayn­ ard officiated. 
The bride is the daughter of Mr. and 
Mrs. J. P. Williamson. The groom’s parents are Mr. and Mrs. Glenn Allen 
Fischer of Richardson. 
Maid of honor was Denise Kinnamon of Arlington, Va. Bridesmaids were 
Cindy Fischer and Sandra Fischer, both of Houston, and sisters of the groom, and Kathy Childress. 
The groom’s brother, Gary Fischer of Richardson, served as best man. 
Groom smen were J e ff Bolin of R i­ chardson, Scott Porter of Dallas, and 
Gary Williamson, brother of the bride. 
A reception was held at the Northern 
Hills Country Club following the cere­ mony. 
The couple will live in Dallas. 

Roy Robert Campbell . 
Maid of honor was the bride's sister, Christine 
Reiners of 
Houston. 
Bridesmaids were Janice 
R e in e rs and 
Carol 
R einers, sisters of the bride, both of Houston, 
Margaret Logan of New 
O rle a n s, 
M rs. 
Milo 
Segner of D allas, and 
Elizabeth Ann Campbell, sister of the groom. 
Serving as best man was Richard Schinipff. 
G room sm en were Milo 
S e g n e r, 
T h o m a s 
D oughtie and 
C h ris­ topher Storm, all of Dal­ las, Thomas Jackson of; 
H ouston, and W illiam 
Wilson of New Orleans. 
A ssistin g as u sh e rs were J a m e s Collins of 
Dallas, Jerry Ramon of 
Bay 
City, 
N ich olas 
C am pbell and W illiam 
Campbell, both brothers of the groom. 
A reception was held at the Ju n io r L eag u e of 
Houston. 
After a wedding trip to 
San Francisco and C ar­ mel, the couple will re­ side in Dallas. 
A wards meet is planned 

E aster Seal Auxiliary will meet at 1o:3o a m. 
Friday in Los Patios for the Annual Awards lun­ cheon. 
Volunteers for the E as­ ter 
Seal 
T reatm en t 
Center will be honored. 
M rs. IL L . S la ze r is chairman of the event. 

The m arriage of Miss 
Laura Ellen Kellner and 
Wesley F ran k Johnson w as solemnized Saturday in St. Step h en ’s E p i s ­ copal Church by the Rev. 
Charles ll. Berry Jr. 
Parents of the couple are Mr. and Mrs. Albert 
G. Kellner Jr . and Mr. and Mrs. Morris Johnson 
Jr. 
Maid of honor was Col­ leen Anne Kellner, sister of the bride. Bridesmaids were 
M rs. 
David 
B eabout, Mrs. Robert 
Willmann, Jenny Fischer and L in da D u P riest. 
Ringbearer was 
Ryan 
Lambert. 
Johnny Lee Johnson, brother of the groo m , 

A diamond is forever 

And at Joske's Diamond Salons, we understand diamonds and the con­ cerns people have when they make their diamond purchase. That is why we ofler an unusually large selection of 14 karat white and yellow gold diamond engagement rings, priced from under 2oo.oo. 

Joske's Diamond Salons, Downtown, 
North Star and Windsor Park 
Illustrations enlarged to show details. 

Kotara-Suhor wedding is solemnized 

SAMSONITE 
SILHOUETTE LUGGAGE SALE 

SAVE 

ITEM 
REGULAR PRICE 
SALE PRICE 
LADIES' SILHOUETTE 
Casual Tote 
$34.oo 
$23.5o 

Ladies' Shoulder Tote 
38.oo 
28.5o 

Ladies' Handi Tote 
4o.oo 
3o.oo 

Ladies' Dress Pak 
46.oo 
36.oo 

Ladies' Beauty Case 
48.oo 
32.oo 

Ladies' O'Nite 
5o.oo 
4o.oo 

24 Ladies' Pullman 
68.oo 
5o.oo 

26 Pullman Case 
78.oo 
58.5o 

26 Cartwheel 
88.oo 
66.oo 

29 Cartwheel 
1oo.oo 
8o.oo 

MEN'S SILHOUETTE 
Men's Suit-Pak 
46.oo 
36.oo 

21 Men's Companion 
5o.oo 
4o.oo 

24 Men's Companion 
68.oo 
5o.oo 

Men's Two-Suiter 
76.oo 
57.oo 

Men's Three-Suiter 
8o.oo 
6o.oo 

Three-Suiter Cartwheel 
9o.oo 
67.5o 

CLASSIC ATTACHE 
Commuter (3" Size) 
48.oo 
36.oo 

Diplomat (5" Size) 
52.oo 
39.oo 

DOPP HIGH RISE 
IO" High Rise 
22.oo 
16.5o 

2o%-33% 

Starting tomorrow, May 16, you can buy beautiful, rugged 
Samsonite Silhouette & luggage and save as much as 33%! 
Also included in this sale are Classic** III attaches, the standard in business cases for people who depend on organization. You also save on the revolutionary High 
Rise DoppK Kit, featuring dual size inner compartment that expands from its IO" regular size to hold as much as a 12" kit. Ladies' styles in oyster white, wild strawberry, columbine blue and toffee. Men's styles in oxford grey, bronco brown and toffee. Classic attaches, grey, tan and black. Dopp Kits, tan or brown. lust in time for wedding, 
Father's Day and graduation gift giving. Or, the perfect gift for yourself! Charge it two ways, on your Joske's En­ joyment card or your American Express Card. Luggage, 
Downtown, North Star, Windsor Park, Las Palmas and 
Austin Highland Mall. Save tomorrow! 
J O S K E ’S u 
A UNIT OF ALLIED STORES 
SHOP ALL STORES IO TIL 9 MONDAY! 

1 
■ i 

Christ Memorial Luth­ eran Church in Houston was the setting Saturday for the wedding of Miss 
Deborah Ellen Reiners and Roy Robert Campbell 
III, both of Dallas. The 

Rev. .John D. Fritz offi­ ciated. 
The bride is the daughter of Mr. and Mrs. 
Arnold Carl Reiners of 
Houston. The g ro o m ’s parents are Mr. and Mrs. 

MRS. ROY ROBERT CAM PBELL III 

 served as best m an. 
G room sm en were Roy 
Martin of Cotulla, Robert 
Willmann, Mike Winter and 
Duane 
L am b ert. 
U shers were T om m y 
Keck of Houston. J e s s e 

Causey and Terry* Wong. 
A reception was held at the Highland Social Club following the ceremony. 
The couple will hon­ eymoon at Cloudcroft and 
Ruidoso, N M, 

JOSH E’S 

IVlason-Lozano 

St. Matthew's Catholic Church was the setting Saturday for the wedding of 
Miss Marv Margaret Suhor and John 
Lambert Kotara. The Rev. Terence 
Nolan officiated. 

Parents of the couple are Mr. and 
Mrs. Leo H. Suhor and Mr. and Mrs. 
Lambert Kotara. 

Matron of honor was Mrs. Harry 
Sims. Bridesmaids were Mrs. Donald 
Griffith, Mrs. Jo e Jaeger. Susan Suhor, 
Kathryn Suhor and Patricia Costan- tino. 
Serv in g as best man was M ark 
Whitney. Groom sm en were Russell 
Kotara, Jam e s Langfeld, Kenneth Ko­ tara. Donald Griffith and Joe Jaeger. 
Ushers were Steven Kotara and Harry 
Sims. 

A reception was held in the church hall following the ceremony. 
* 
The couple will honeymoon at the 
• coast. 
MRS. JOHN L. KOTARA 
Fanicks recite 

MR. AND MRS. EDWARD R. PANICK 

Miss Lillian Mac Foreman and Ed­ ward Robert Fanick, both of College 
Station, were married Saturday in the 
Arboretum of Faniek’s Garden Center. 
The Rev. E. Kenneth Newcomer of­ ficiated. A reception was held following the ceremony. 
The bride is the daughter of Mrs. 
Lillian A. Foreman of Independence, 
Ran. The groom’s parents are Mr. and 
Mrs. Ed A. Fanick Jr . of Fort Worth. 
Serving as bridesmaids were Edith 
Chenault of College Station and Sherri 
Ann Fanick. Flower girl was Joanna 
Fanick and ringbearer was Michael 
Fanick. 
Groomsmen were Alden Bailey of 
Fort Worth and John Fanick. Assisting as ushers were Joseph Forem an of 
Independence and Mark Fanick. 
The couple will honeymoon at the 
East Coast. 

Party to honor M argaret Terry 

M rs. 
C laude 
W. 
M cG uffey will c o m p li­ m ent M a rg aret Olivia 
Terry of Seguin with a tea from 3 to 6 p.m. Thursday in the Skyline Room of the Wedgewood. 
Miss Terry, daughter of Mr. and M rs. T.H. 

Terry J r ., is the bride- elect of P au l Schuler 
Gingrich,-son of Mr. and 
Mrs. Ja c k E. Gingrich of 
Seguin. 
She is a student at the 
University of T exas at 
Austin and a member of 
K a p p a K a p p a G am m a 

 sorority. 

Mr. Gingrich is a 1968 
Phi Beta Kappa graduate of the University of Tex­ as, and a member of Te- jas Club and Alpha Phi 
Omega service fraterni­ ty. 

The 
Rev. 
M ichael 
D egerlam i officiated at the wedding of Miss E l­ vira Lozano and Richard 
J a m e s Edw ard Mason. 
Saturday in St. Joseph ’s 
Church dow ntown. 
The b rid e is the daughter of Mr. and Mrs. 
Samuel Rubio of Laredo. 
The groom ’s parents are 
Mr. and M rs. R ichard 
John Mason. 
Matron of honor was 
G lo ria Holly. B r id e s ­ m aids were Linda J u s ­ tice and Su san R o d ri­ guez. 
S erv in g as best man w as G eoffrey Wright 
Mason. Groomsmen were 
Deets Ju stice and Paul 
Oat man. Usher was Mi­ chael John Mason. 
A reception was held at the home of the g r o o m ’s p a re n ts following the ceremony. 
The couple will honey­ moon in Acapulco. 

 nuptial vows in garden setting 

San Antonio EXPRESS-N EW S— Sunday M ay 15 1977 
M.W. Mellina, 
Kathryn Taylor wed Saturday 

Miss Kathryn Anne Taylor became the bride of Michael Wayne Mellina, 
Saturday in St. David’s Episcopal 
C hurch. The Rev. William B. Sharp officiated. 
The bride is the daughter of Col. and 
Mrs. Benjamin Grant Taylor .lr. The groom’s parents are Mr. and Mrs. 
Harold Bennett Mellina of Pasadena. 
Attending the bride was her sister 
Mary Elizabeth Taylor. 
Best man was the groom’s brother, 
Harold Bennett Mellina III of Pasa­ dena. Assisting as ushers were William 
Spence III of Austin and Benjamin 
Grant Taylor III, brother of the bride. 
A reception was held at the home of the bride’s parents following the ceremony. 
The couple will reside in Houston. 
MRS. MIC II AEL W. MELLINA 

-V'' 
■ 

X lssp " 
' 

CENTRAL PARK MALL 
341-4481 
WINDSOR PARK MALL 
654-6435 

John R. 
Tina Ann Phelps 

 marry in chapel 

Miss Tina Ann Phelps and .John Ro­ bert Vollmer exchanged marriage vows, Saturday in the Scott Chapel of 
Laurel Heights United Methodist 
Church. The Rev. Charles L. Giesler officiated. 
The bride is the daughter of SM. Sgt. and Mrs. Johnny W. Phelps. The groom is the son of Robert L. Voll mer and the late Faye Crozier Vollmer. 
Maid of honor was Donna Jones of 
Birmingham, Ala. Bridesmaids were 
Mrs. Jimmy Witwiski and Mrs. Alfred 
Stone. Flower girl was Jaime Escobal and ringbearer was Robert Lopez. 
Serving as best man was Mike 
McKinney of Victoria. Groomsmen were Jimmy Witwiski and Michael 
Phelps, brother of the bride. Ushers were Gary Crozier of Dallas and Jim 
Dawson. 
A reception was held in the La Risa 
Apartments Party Room. 
After a wedding trip to Las Vegas, the couple will reside in Taylor Tex. 
MRS. JOHN R. VOLLMER 

Randy L. Laity, 
Debra Needham exchange vows 

Miss Debra Ann Needham became the bride of Randy Lee Lally, Saturday in St. Margaret M ary’s Catholic 
Church. The Rev. Alexander C. Wan­ gler officiated. 
Parents of the bride are Mr. and Mrs. 
John P. Needham. The groom is the son of Mr. and Mrs. J. D. Lally. 
Maid of honor was Gilma Sarro. 
Bridesmaids were Mrs. Denis Sonnen, 
Gilda Sarro and Lydia Lally, sister of the groom. 
Serving as flower girls were Dawn 
Marie Dreyer and Lori Dreyer. Ring­ bearer was Bradley Marshall. 
Best man was Denis Sonnen. 
Groomsmen were Buddy Jackson of 
Houston, Bill Chamartin and Donald 
Clark. Assisting as ushers were Gary 
Lally and Joe Lally. brothers of the groom, and Richard Bernhardt. 
A reception was held at the Pecan 
Valley Country Club. 
The couple will honeymoon in New' 
Orleans. 

WM 

'' V v 
I 

 gJHi 

 iii® 

MRS. RANDY L. LALLY 

DeMunbrun-Nunez 

Miss Magda Maria 
Nunez became the bride of Richard R. DoMun- brun lr. Saturday at a garden ceremony at the home of the bride’s fa­ mily. 
The bride is the daughter of Ruben Nun­ ez. Parents of the groom are Mr. and Mrs. R i­ chard R. DeMunbrun Sr. 
Maid of honor was 
Susie Nunez, sister of the bride. Best man was 
Donald Monaco. Serving as flower girl was Van­ essa Nunez. 
Assisting as ushers were Dr. Carlos Nunez, 
Joseph Nunez, and David 
Nunez, brothers of the bride. 
A reception was held following the ceremony. 
After a wedding trip to 
New Orleans, the couple will reside in Houston. 

Walker-Boles 

The Rev. Raymond 
Judd officiated at the wedding of Miss Vanna 
Hay Boles and James 
Pike Walker Saturday in tilt* Margarite B. Parker 
Chapel at Trinity Uni­ versity. 
The bride is the daughter of Mr. and Mrs. 
A. F. Roberson of Qui­ taque. Parents of the groom are Mr. and Mrs. 
Kenneth J. Walker. 

Attending the bride was Mrs. William Har­ rison of Cleveland, Tex. 
Serving as best man was 
Michael E. James. 

Ushers were Robert K. 
Walker, John P. Walker, 
Mark 
E. 
Walker, brothers of the groom. 
Jack 
Roberson and 
Hooter 
Roberson, brothers of the bride, and 
Warren D. Cowley. 
A reception was held in the chapel parlor follow­ ing the ceremony. 

Gaffney-Jackson vows solemnized Saturday 
About your wedding 

Miss Mary Elizabeth 
Jackson became the bride of Martin A. Gaff­ ney Jr. of San Marcos, 
Saturday in the First 
United Methodist Church at San Marcos. The Rev. 
Jerry Smith officiated. 
The bride is the daughter of Mr. and Mrs. 
John L. Jackson. The groom’s parents are Mr. and Mrs. Martin A. Gaff­ ney of Houston. 
Maid of honor was 
Patricia Jackson, sister of the bride. Bridesmaids were Nancy Kroll of Ca­ meron and Susan Bur­ ney. 
Best man was Roger 
Crabtree. Groomsmen were Richard Bailey and 
Don Greer. Usners were 
Jam es R. Jackson, brother of the bride, 
Dave Martin and Andy 
Davis. 
A reception was held in the Cuathemac Hall at 

Are you getting married soon? 
Here are guidelines and deadlines for sending information to the 
Express and News. 
A picture of the bride will be published in thumbnail size free of charge. Engraving fees for larger pictures (engagement or wedding 
— you may have both) will be de­ termined by size of picture de­ sired. 
Wedding pictures and copy must be in the Express-News of­ 

 fice at least one week before the wedding date. A black and white glossy photo is required. 
Wedding forms must be signed and must contain a daytime tele­ phone number for the person sub­ mitting the story. 
Engagement announcements must be published at least six weeks before the wedding date, therefore they must be submitted at least seven weeks ahead of the wedding date. 

MRS. M A. 
GAFFNEY JR . 

San Marcos. 
The couple will live at 
San Marcos.. 

Jan Carley is bride of Edward Crook Jr. 

Miss Jan Carley of 
Dallas became the bride of Edward Carter Cook 
Jr. of Corpus Christi on 
Saturday in Margarite B. 
Parker Chapel. 
The bride is the 

MRS. E C. CROOK JR. 

 daughter of Mr. and Mrs 
Addison Boyde Carley of 
Mims Chapel. Parents of the groom are Mrs. Sel­ den Washington of Kai­ lua, Hawaii, and Edward 
Carter Crook of Paris 
Tex. 
The Rev. Raymond 
Judd, Trinity chaplain, officiated. 
Mrs. Robert Scruggs was her sister’s matron of honor. Bridesmaids were Mrs, David Lewis of 
Waxahachie, sister of the bride, and Mrs. Brent 
Newton. Flower girl was 
Kelly Kay Scruggs. 
Best man was Fred L. 
Crook III of Torrence, 
Calif. Groomsmen were 
William Miles Woodall 
III of Dallas and Brent 
Newton. 
Ushering were Coke 
Waggener and Webb 
Breeding of Dallas, and 
Bill Lowerre and John 
Wehring, both of Hous­ ton. 
The couple will honey­ moon in San Francisco and Hawaii. 
Cynthia Richardson, 
David A. Hinson wed 

The marriage of Miss 
Cynthia Jean Richardson and David Aaron Hinson w as solemnized Saturday in 
St. 
Paul 
Lutheran 
Church. 
The bride is the daughter of Mr. and Mrs. 
Martice E. Wise of Bul­ verde. Parents of the groom are Mr. and Mrs. 
Troy M. Hinson. 
Maid of honor was Nora 
Adkins. 
Bridesmaids were Evangeline Garza and Sandra Wise. 
Serving as best man was 
Mark 
Dupriest. 
Usher was Martice E. 
Wise Jr. 
A reception was held at the Bulverde Community 
Center following the ceremony. 
The couple will hon­ eymoon in McAllen and 
Padre Island. 
MRS. D. A. HINSON 

:o 
KIDS! , 

Y o u C a n W in A <^| 
3-Day Trip to New Orleans for the World Premier of 
Evel Knievel’s New Movie 

VIVA 
KNIEVEL 

CT! 

 from the Express-News, 
Ideal Toys & 
W arner Bros. Pictures 

Meet Evel Knievel 

 in person! Have lunch with him! Attend a Premier Party with him! See New 
Orleans! 

PLUS 
W in Evel Knievel Posters! 

T-Shirts! S u m m e r & M o r e M o v ie Passes! 

Enter the Evel Knievel Stunt Cycle Contest 

 to be held Saturday, May 28 at 

Windsor Park, Central Park, and South Park Malls! 
O 

(one parent may company winner as part of Grand Prize). 

 bl 

Q 

'S ) 

Miss Margaret Adele 
Peterson became the bride of James JVI. Powell of Athens, Saturday in 
Chapel One of Brooke 
A r m y Medical Center. 
The Rev. Christian H. 
Kehl officiated at the ceremony. 
The bride is the 
(laughter of Mrs. Charles 
C. Peterson and the late 
Col. 
Peterson. 
The groom’s parents are Mr. 

Powell-Peterson and Mrs. Harman Powell of Longview. 
Matron of honor was 
Marlene Rohan. The bride was given in marriage by her brother, 
Charles C. Peterson II, who also served as best man. 
A reception was held at the Ft. Sam Houston Of­ ficer’s Club. 
The couple will live in 
Tyler. 

GRAND PRIZE 

IS THE FA BU LO U S 

TRIP TO N E W 

O RLEA N S TO MEET 

EVEL KNIEVEL AN D 

ATTEND 

THE WORLD PREMIER of VIVA KNIEVEL! 

A G E C A TEG O RIES 
6-8 yrs. 
9-1o yrs. 
11-12 yrs. 

Kids in three age categories will be competing for prizes at each location! First, Second, and Third Place in each category at each mall will be awarded prizes! Nine winners at each mall! Then the three First Place Winners of the three locations will compete for the Grand Prize! 

CONTESTANTS WILL ATTEMPT A STRAIGHT RUN, WHEELIE, 
LONG JUMP, AND MID-AIR FLIP WITH THEIR STUNT CYCLE! 
Contestants may furnish their own stunt cycle or may use a loan cycle being provided for the contest at each site. 

ENTRY FORMS MUST BE AT LOCATIONS BY CLOSING TIME 
WED. MAY 25. NO PURCHASE IS NECESSARY ... LOAN STUNT 
CYCLES WILL BE PROVIDED FOR THE COMPETITION OR COM­ 
PETITORS MAY USE THEIR OW N. Contestants should report to judges no later than 1o:3o a m. on May 28. 

K T 

N O T E T O P A R E N T S : The Evel Knievel stunt cycle is an Ideal Toy Corp. replica 

 of the cycle used by Evel Knievel in the 
Film V iva Knievel 

VIVA KNIEVEL opens Jund 3 at 
UA Cine Cinco, Fox Central 
Park and UA Movies 4. 

To Enter, Fill in This Entry Form And Take It to One of the Locations Below: r?i: — 

S £ 5 E= 
Bar 
ENTRY FORM 

NAME 
AGE 

STREET ___ 

C I T Y ______ 

TELEPHONE 

STATE 
ZIP 

Complete the Entry Form and. return to mall merchant 

CHECK ONE 

PAR EN T S PLEASE IN ITIA L 
I W ILL 
□ 
W ILL NOT 
□ 
N E E D A LOAN CYCLE 

Recipes will be exchanged 

Catholic Daughters of 
America, Court Prince of the Apostles, No. 1787, will have a tasting party at noon Saturday in the home ut Mrs. Randall 

Perkins. 

Guests are asked to bring their favorite dishes and copies of the recipes. 

W IN D S O R PARK: 

• J. C. Penney 

• Dillard’s 

• Joske’s 

• Toy Box 

• W ards 

• UA Cine Cinco 

CENTRAL PARK 
• Kiddie City 
• Fox Central Park 
Theater 
SO UTH PARK: 

• J. C. Penney 
• W oolco 
• TG & Y 
• UA Movies 4 

Eleanor Darden becomes bride of M.D. bitte 

Miss Eleanor Ann Darden became the bride of Malcolm Dave Fille of 
Marlin, Saturday in A&M United 
Methodist Church at College Station. 
The Rev. Bobby Waters officiated. 
The bride is the daughter of Lt Col 
(ret.) and Mrs. Jack M. Darden. Pa­ rents of the groom are Dr. and Mrs. 
Dwayne L. bitte of Marlin. 
Matron of honor was Carol Fish, sister of the bride. Bridesmaids were 
Angie Bain of blinis. Jennv Jones of 
Houston, and Karen Dowd of An­ nandale, Va. 
Lee Scarborough of Tyler served as best man. Groomsmen were Paul Tyler of Tyler, Don Scribner o! bort Worth, and Granger Anderson OI Asherton. 
Ushers were Joe Stallings of Crystal 
City, Joe McKnighl of Refugio, fe rn 
Moran of Biloxi. Miss., and Mike 
Correl!. 
A reception was held at the Memorial 
Student 
Center following the ceremony. 
After a wedding trip to New Orleans. the couple w ill reside in Houston. 

‘ ''.A 

MRS. MALCOLM D. FITTE 

Martin-Smith nuptials are solemnized 

The Rev. Dr. Buckner Fanning offi­ ciated at the wedding of Miss Janet 
Gaye Smith and M. Gary Martin, 
Saturday in Trinity Baptist Church. 
The bride is the daughter of Mrs. 
Lorraine Smith of Austin and C. Her* shel Smith of Three Rivers. The groom’s parents are Mr. and Mrs. M. 
Winston Martin. 
Maid of honor was Donna Connelly, 
Bridesmaids were Lori Martin, sister of the groom, Anita Meeker. Sheryl 
Dorsey and Shirley Ilaldey, 
Serving as flower girl was Le Anne 
Crawford and ringbearer was Alan 
Crawford, both of Three Rivers. 
Best man was Richard Collins of 
Wichita Falls. Groomsmen were Jay 
Smith of Houston, brother of the bride. 
Mike McCuteheon of Alvin, Marty 
Martin, brother of the groom, and 
Tinker Spears. 
Assisting as ushers were Joe De res, 
Warren Zerr and Gary Fischer. 
A reception was held at the church following the ceremony. 
The couple will reside at College 
Station. 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEW S— Sunday May 15 1977 

Roj as-Ramirez vows repeated on Saturday 

MRS. M GARY MARTIN 

The marriage of Miss 
Soma V. Ramirez and 
Joel A Rojas was solem­ nized Saturday in St. 
Ann’s Catholic Church by the Rev. R. Martinez. 
Parents of the couple are Mr. and Mrs. Miguel 
M Ramirez and Mr and 
Mrs. Jose R Rojas. 
Matron of honor was 
Carmen Medina. Maids of honor were Em ily 
Casque/ and Jeannette 
Maldonado. Bridesmaids were Terry Martinez, 
Grace Zamora. Cindi 
Saenz, Joe Ann Rodri­ guez and Rosemary Pon- a. Also serving wi re 
Norma Benavides, Erma 
Herrera, Sandra Vas- quez, Dolores Medina, 
Yolanda 
Caballero, 
Debbie Calderon and 
Maria Velasquez. 
Serving as flower girl was Monica Rotas and 

 ringbearer was Joey 
Guzman. 
Best man was Frank 
Medina. 
Groomsmen were Roger Martinez, 
Danny Villanueva, Alex 
Cervantes, Adrian Rodri­ guez, 
Jerry 
Pena, 
Ramon 
Benavides. 
Dannv Molina, Ernest 
Sanchez, Rudy Medina, 
Tony Caballero, \ aide- more Jaramillo and Mike 
Ramirez. 
A reception was held at the C F U . Hull following the ceremony. 
The couple will honey­ moon in Houston. 

I P 

MRS. J. A. ROJAS 

 cotn m g to 
A RT IQI!ES LTD. 

I showing o f investment jewelry. 
This exquisite estate jew elry is valued in excess o f 

$ 1 , o o o , o o o . o o 

Shote dates are: 
Thursday, 26 M ay 
Friday, 27 M ay 
Saturday, 28 M ay 
From IO a.m. till 5 p.m. 

A R TIO LIES L TD. 
2OI.a Y E . Loop 41o, at Los Lotios 

S a n A n tonio, Texas 78217 
1— 512 — 65 .5-361o 

W.F. Macatee Jr., 
Miss Hampton recite vows in 
Catholic rites 

Blessed Sacrament Catholic Church was the setting Saturday for the wed­ ding of Miss Shirley Roxanne Hampton and William Ford Macatee .Jr. of El 
Paso. Officiating at the ceremony were the Rev. . Ralph J. Smith and the Rev. 
Patrick Cronin. 
The bride is the daughter of Mrs. 
Richard Edward Hampton of Kerrville and tilt1 late Mr. Hampton. The groom’s parents are Mr. and Mrs. 
William F. Macatee of El Paso. 

The bride was given in marriage by her brother. Keith Hampton. 
Matron of honor was Mrs. John 
Murray Sheffield of San Angelo. 
Bridesmaids were Bonnie Hampton and Annette Hampton, sisters of the bride, and Mrs. Willis Agustus Faw­ cett, all of Kerrville. Rebecca Macatee and Elizabeth Macatee, sisters of the groom, of El Paso, Lisa Raulfogel and 
Cynthia Lew is. 

Serving as flower girl was Dorothy 
Hampton and ringbearer was Patrick 
Tinley, both of Kerrville. 
Best man was John Snell. Grooms­ men were John Caron, Philip Polhl, 
George Carlisle, Tim Hurst and Ken 
Krum. alt of San Marcos. Chris Coch­ ran and William Thompson, both of El 
Paso. 

 f 
~ 

P II II III I/ 

 mum* i 
= I s 
H a es 

 ill III ll III = 

AJ 

 h- 

SAS Ai 1-2-3 
= \ with a H AM M O N D 123 ORGAN 
The Hammond 123 is lots of fun for whole family, because anyone can play with just two fin­ gers and sound like a pro1 Play the melody with one finger on the upper keyboard. Play the chord accompaniment with one finger on the lower keyboard. This Hammond automatically provides rhythm beat, chord accompaniment and 'Automatic Bass". You're doing all with just two fingers. Also, see our Patented Visual Memory Self Teaching features. Wow! 

For family fun that's affordable, you just can't find a better value. Included in special sale price is— Easy play music— Free lessons — Headphones for private playing— Walnut Bench. 

Visit a convenient Alamo Music Center soon while our supply lasts and find out how you can enjoy the great indoors with just two fingers and a Hammond 
123 Organ. 

■ Four families of tone ■ Color-coded tabs ■ Two overhanging keyboards ■ 13 note pedal board ■ Big 75 watt amplifier ■ The newest solid state I C. circuitry with plug-in modular construction H Matching bench W Heavy duty 12 inch speaker ■ Fine furniture cabinets ■ Per­ cussions with piano, banjo, guitar, accordian, cello ■ A variety rhythm patterns. 

Specially designed for people who want to play organ NOW!, without hours of practice or lessons. Hammond's 
Exclusive 

This musical innovation combines one finger chords with an exclusive 
(Visual-Memory) system. 

INTRODUCTORY SALE 
[ 
*1188 rn 

E : DOWNTOWN 
MAIN AND MARTIN 
224-5526 

NEW 

HAMMOND 

ORGANS 
AS LOW AS *588 

 will be priced of *1488 

Suburban Music Centers open weeknights 

Downtown Music Center open Monday and 
Thursday evenings 

NORTH STAR 
NEAR WEST ENTRANCE 
3 4 4 -o 2 4 8 

WONDERLAND 
= 
LOWER LEVEL 
7 3 2 -8 2 5 9 
FREE 
P A R K IN G 
AT NBO B A N K 
FREE 
BOOK OF MUSIC 
INSTRUCTION 
•7 jT ll 111 111 ll 111 

V E R l l C TO MEET 
I E V I I V I 9 YOUR NEEDS 
TTT TTTTTTT7T 

Club slates installation 

Brooks AFB Officers’ 
Wives’ Club will install new officers at a a lun­ cheon and fashion show 
Tuesday in the Brooks 
Officers Club. 

Social hour will begin at 11:3o a. in. 
Each member is asked to bring an item to in­ 

 clude in a layette for 
Operation Stork at Good 
Samaritan Center. 

Newcomers and de­ parting club members will be honored with a 
Hail arid Farewell party at noon Tuesday, May 24, in Mrs. John Trieb- wasser’s home. 

TfiCaryos fa rffode 

Black patent, white leather or beige 
Speciai! 
22.99 

Downtown • Wonrinrlond • Militmy Plum • Ninth Mm » Wllltl^ J ^ 

7-STORES H O P P S 
7-STORES 

MRS. W ILLIAM F. MACATEE JR. 

Assisting as ushers were Richard 
Hampton Jr. and Timothy Hampton, brothers of the bride of Kerrville, John 
Sheffield of San Angelo, and David 
Crafton of San Marcos. 

A reception and dance were held at the Canyon Creek Country Club. 

The couple will live in Beaumont 

K G J I 
XL-1 OO 
COLOR CONSOLES 

Price 

■ t e n 
XL-1oo 

By -------------- 
JEANE DIXON 

M O N D A Y , M A Y 16 
Y O U R 
B I R T H D A Y 
T O D A Y : 
T h is y e a r you reap the benefits of past endeavors, in m an y differ­ ent fo rm s, at t im e s a re tempted to take m ore than your share. 
R e la t i o n s h i p s c o m e to abrupt c risis if you take unfair advantage. 

A R I E S ( M a r c h 21-April 
19): 
All actions are spur- of-the-monent reactions to frustration. The o d d s are not what they seem. A ny gam ble is spoiled bv unk­ nown factors. Better avoid it. 
T A U R U S (A p ril 2o-May 
2o): 
Mind your own busi­ ness. Stay out of squabbles. 
Say nothing of your prob­ lems. Routine is more dif­ ficult than usual, important enough to justify overtime. 
G E M I N I 
( M a y 21-June 
2o): 
B r e a k i n g off p a st c o n n e c tio n s is e a s y , in so m e w a y s all too easy. 
Rushing or skim ping is no alibi for error, duplication. 
M isu n d e rsta n d in g s plague social plans. 
C A N C E R (Ju n e 21-Julv 
22): 
Realitv-check is one name for currect confron­ tations. Expect differences of opinion. R id e out the sto r m . 
I f s o k a y to be stubborn, a s k to see the whole proof. 
L E O (July 23-Aug. 22): 
Work is uphill, c reativity b lo c k e d by s a l e s r e s i s ­ tance. Save effort without argument. Safeguard ideas until you can promote them for your exclusive benefit. 
V I R G O ( A u g . 23-Sept. 
22): 
Surface appearances are confusing. D ig a little deeper before you criticize. 
Feeling sorry for yourself h a s no m a r k e t . N o b o d y grasp s what you're driving at. 
L I B R A (Sept. 23-Oct. 22): 
Disagreem ents are inevi­ table, especially if you fol­ low p eo p le y o u d o n ’t b e lie v e in. G o it a lo n e . 
W in d up e x is t i n g e n t e r ­ prises rather th an begin new. 
S C O R P I O (Oct. 23-Nov. 
21): 
The struggle to cor­ rect past blunders is very ticklish without indulging in recriminations. Inner con­ flict, doubts are behind the words of those you love, 
S A G I T T A R I U S 
( N o v . 
22-Dec. 21): 
A shortcut Is the stormiest oath, has ir­ r e p a r a b le s id e e ffe cts. 
People seem overbearing. 
D o n 't b r i n g i s s u e s to a head lust for the sake of a showdown. 
C A P R I C O R N 
( D e c . 
22-Jan. 19): 
O b lig a tio n s that crop up aren't readily negotiable. Leave finances safely intact, b u d g e ts un­ stretched. B u s in e s s deals a r e f in a l; get d e t a ils straight. 
A Q U A R I U S (Jan. 2o-Feb. 
18): 
C o m p e t i t o r s a r e sharp, look for a battle, lf you're not sure of winning, let them collide with other rivals while you work out something nobody else has. 
P I S C E S (Feb. 19-M arch 
2o): 
T o d a y ’s in c id e n t s a lte r c o n d itio n s . P e o p le reveal previously unsus­ pected opinions, harsh prejudices. Cope with them a s they are, not a s you’d like them to be. 

OC 

LU 

IU 
O' 

25” COLOR 

DIAGONAL 
CONSOLE 

NOW 

 us?G$7 4 9 95 

Cut 

 n e e 
XL-1oo. 

R G A 
XL-1oo 

LO 
LO 
IU 

LO 

CO 15o 

R C i l 
1 o o % SOLID STATE 

Mediterranean or 

Early American 
CQ1oR 

CONSOLES 

DIAGONAL 

, , o o , 7 6 9 95 
UST 
NOW 
ONLY 

Cut 

LO 

( J 

OC 14o 

RGA 
ColorTrak 
25” 

. . . ALIGNS 
DEFINES 
SHARPENS 
TONES & 

LOCKS THE 
COLOR 

ON TRACK! 

 u $t g ‘ * 7 
7 9 
, s NOW 

AT HOPP’S THE FINEST IN SERVICE BACKS THE SALE 

WONDERLAND 
732-7193 

2311 SOUTH HACKBERRY 

I 
J 
* 1 M wmW rn 
I 

1824-53271 

 g 
CENTRAL FARK | 
341-3395 

26oo WEST AVE. 
733-9138 

9o2 S.W. MILITARY DRIVFJ 
[ 924-4268 I 

1 12Q3 PAT BOOKER RD J 
1658-53811 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday May 15 1977 p r o b ie m l^ o r n e r ♦ p ro b le ftilo rn e ^ ^ -f ^ problem c o r n e r probl em c o rn e f^ f f problem corner *;'* 
Pr°b 

 f r p i 
• v 
• 
V 
Inin isnt beautiful 

Dear Ann Landers: I would like very much to thank you for printing a letter written by a woman who thinks that skinni­ ness is not beautiful. 
Having been “ chunky” for most of my life, I can see her point of view. 
One of my best friends starves herself and has all the symptoms described. I often wonder if these “ fashionably svelte” people will have healthy (if any), children. 
I have dated guys who picked on me about my weight and urged me to lose. 
(They wanted to walk around with a fashion model on their arms and im­ press their friends.) 
It wasn’t until recently that I rea­ lized that if a guy doesn't like you the way you are. and you lose weight, he will find something else to complain about. Big Boned. And Normal For Me 
At 14o Lbs! 

Dear Big Boned: 
Now that you've had your say. let’s hear from the other side of the peanut gallery. 
Dear Ann Landers: After JI miser­ able years of being overweight, I de­ cided to quit making excuses and do something about it. I spent several months as a Weight Watcher and fin­ ally got myself down to lit) pounds. (I started at ISO) 
That weight loss actually changed my life. I can go swimming, wear shorts, boots anything I want. What’s more, I am 5o(1 per cent happier and feel so much more energetic since I shed the fat. 
So — after all the work, what kind of reaction do I get from friends? Nothing but complaints. They tell me I look undernourished. —• ready to die, my bones are show ing, etc. 
Why don’t the fatsos who choose to stay that way just SHUT U P? I am proud of my accomplishments. Sign me — lift, 5’2” And Happy For the 
Rest of My Skinny Life. 

Aging woman brings grief 

Dear Happy: 
If you are in good health, energetic and pleased with yourself, tune the critics out. In the meantime, statistics are on your side. 
“ Shinnies” live longer than “ Fatties.” 
Dear Ann Landers: 
Several years ago our lovely 15-year-old daughter w as electrocuted because I used an old, frayed cord to “ repair” a lamp. 
Every day when I think what that beautiful girl would be like had she lived, I die a little more. 
Please tell the “ do-it-yourselfers” out there to follow the highest stan­ dards and codes in electrical wiring. 
Never skimp or take a short cut. Don’t save a dollar on a piece of wire and lose a life. — A Father Who Learned The 
Hard Way. 
Dear Father: 
1 11 tell them more than that. DON’T do it yourself. Call an electrician, and pay him for what he knows. 
Parade 
Dear Ann Landers: Please put this thought in your column. There are a greai many people who need to see it. 
Be more concerned with your char­ acter than with your reputation, because your character is what you really are, while your reputation is merely what others think you are. — 
Observer Of The Passing Parade. 
Dear O.B.: 
Thank you for a sound piece of philosophy. Have you also observed that people of good character don’t seem to worry much about their reputations? 
What are the do’s and don'ts of teaching your child about the birds and the bees? Let Ann Landers’s new booklet, “ How, What, and When to Tell 
Your Child About Sex,” give you the ground rules. 
For your copy send 5ft cents in coin, along with a long, stamped, self-ad­ dressed envelope, to Ann Landers, 
Express/News, Box 2171, San Antonio. 
Tex.. 78297.__________________________ 

Dear Dr. Menninger: You of­ ten write about care for the el­ derly. You are very compas­ sionate and sympathetic to the plight of the aged in this country, and rightly so. 
But I believe there is one aspect of it that you have not mentioned, and I feel it necessary to write my personal ex­ perience. 

You have not mentioned the type of elderly person with a sort of malignant personality, who has lived to a great age and is often left alone because all the people closest to them have died. 
This very thing happened in our fa­ mily, but I know of other examples as well. My grandmother is in her 8os, not in good health — she never has been — but still able to get around a little. Her husband died of a heart attack over 2o years ago. 
Poisonous 

My mother (her daughter) had a rotten marriage and wanted to leave my father many times. Grandmother always sympathized with my mother 

-B y 
-------------------------------- 
Dr. WALT MENNINGER 

 against my father until she actually decided to leave him. 
Then grandmother conveniently sid­ ed with my father, saying they shouldn’t break up because of the chil­ dren. 
It provided such a poisonous view of marriage that I haven’t married to this day. 
Nonetheless, after living in this to­ tally hopeless situation, my mother got cancer and died of it three years later, obviously the only way for her to es­ cape. 
My grandmother was left with her remaining child, my bachelor uncle, who decided to live with her after grandfather died. He was a good and gentle person, and my two brothers and 
I liked him much better than our father. 
With age, my grandmother got more and more demanding, nitpicky, and generally impossible to please. My uncle’s health started to break down. 
He got chest pains and had high blood pressure. Finally he too got cancer and 

IMPORTANT ANTIQUE A 
M A Y I STH 
INCLUDING ESTATE ITEMS 
A eery special group o f furniture tint/ accessories from A cm ^iorfc r Estates. Also a 
Trench furniture anti aa 
• A nlapte O riental Rugs 

Florala Estates. Also a container shipment o f antique English anti iccessories. O ver 25o items ira haling: 

• l l .5 Piece Set o f Royal Croon 
Derby Chital and cutlery 
• Signed Bronze Statuary 
• Obi Oil Paintings 
• Clacks • A rt Deco Bronzes 

• Pair Louis XLI Commodes 
• Tiffany Sterling Silver Pitcher 
• Unusual Chariot Type Bar 
• Pair Bronze Mounted Urns 
• IO Chippendale Style Chairs 
• Pair French Brass Candelabra 

SPECIAL PREVIEW SHOW ING SATURDAY 4 TO 6 AND 
SUNDAY THE DAY OF SALE 1o:3o A M. TO I P.M. 

SHERATON INN BALLROOM, 
AUSTIN H IG H W AY 

AUCTION BEGINS A T I P.M. 

A turf umbers. Col. J e ff Garrett. Col. 
Norman Garrett. State Lie. No. GS- 
77-o22o 
Antiques; Inc. 

735-9297 

This wife is acting 

DEAR ABBY: I’ve been mar­ ried for nearly 25 years and have six fine children, but I have lived a lie all my married life. I detest sex. I’m sure if I had had sexual relations before matri­ mony, I never would have mar­ ried. 
My husband is a very fine and con­ siderate person. He is not demanding, but submitting to sex has always been disgusting and degrading to me. 
My husband has no idea how I feel because I ve never refused him, and 
I ’m a very good actress. 
Don’t suggest therapy. It’s too late to change, and besides I ’m really Quite content with things as they are. 
I’m convinced there must be other women like me who were just born with a nature that is repulsed by this kind of intimacy. Am I right? — LIV­ 
ING A LIE 
DEAR LIVING: Yes there are other women who share your view', but no one is born with attitudes about sex. 
They are developed at an early age. 
Many women (and men) carry into marriage strong prejudices about sex­ ual relations that make it seem de­ grading and disgusting. This seems to be the case with you. 
The physical side of marriage can be immensely, rewarding and beautiful, but if you’re "content” missing what you’re missing, and your husband is genuinely satisfied, you have no prob­ lem. 
DEAR ABBY: 
Someone signed 
B EW ILD ER ED made reference to an abnormal child (Mongoloid). 
I am a Mongoloid. So are my parents. 
I was descended from a w hole family of 
Mongoloids. My husband is a Mongo­ 

 loid, too, so chances are Itll) per cent that our child will be born Mongoloid. 
The human race has been categor­ ized into three main racial types: 
Caucasoid, Negroid and Mongoloid. 
On behalf of more than one-third of the world’s human population, may I respectfully request that you correct those who use the word “ Mongoloid” to describe an abnormal condition. The proper term is “ Down’s Syndrome.” 
Thank you for your time. — PHYLLIS 
J. KIMURA IIAYASHIBARA 
DEAR PHYLLIS: 
Your request is noted and appreciated. 
DEAR ABBY: You may not under­ stand how I feel, Abby, but I ’m sure your divorced readers will. 
Seven years ago, after 4ft years of marriage, my husband left me and married another woman. 
I see him from time to time, and I still care for him. 
Lately when I receive my alimony check, it is sent in an envelope with a return address sticker reading, “MR. 
AND MRS. 
Abby, when I take that envelope out of my mailbox, it’s like a slap in the face. It’s bad enough to know that another woman is using the name I so proudly used for 4ft years without see­ ing it in print. Do you think he’s doing it to deliberately hurt me, or is he just thoughtless and insensitive? 
Should I ask my “ ex” to please not use those stickers? Or would that be childish of me? - HURT AT t>9 
DEAR HURT: There’s nothing chil­ dish about wanting to avoid pain. He’s probably just thoughtless. Mention it to him. 

/VH>fsrr<»o/vuRY 
I VAI i i IJ TIME TO SHINE 
Spend the Sum m er discovering an exciting person- you! 
Wendy Ward. 

FASHION, BEAUTY AND CHARM COURSES 
FOR EVERY AGE—A WENDY WARD 
INSTRUCTOR CONDUCTS WEEKLY CLASSES 

Sugar and 
Spice 

Classes for girls ages 4 to 9. 
Instruction on etiquette, how to make introductions, table manners, posture, grooming, poise. Tots have fun showing you what they’ve learned in a 
Fashion Show Graduation. 
Four 1-hr. 
$ 4 A classes 
JI U 

Pacesetter 
(Wendy Ward Course) 

Girls’ ages 14 to 18 years or raduate of “ Crossroads” , nteresting sessions to learn posture, visual poise, groom­ ing, skin and hair care, make up. wardrobe selection and coordination. Ending with a 
Fashion Show Graduation. 
Four V/i hr. 
$ 1 £ classes 
I J 

Adult Beauty 
Forum 

A new you . . . in time for 
Spring, Facials, make-up, creative use of scarves, ward­ robe planning. 
Two 2-hr. 
Sem inars 
’IO 

Crossroads to charm 

For girls 1o-13. It’s the place that develops poise and con­ fidence. Learn basic groom­ ing, manners, wardrobe care and graces. Pick up modeling and beauty tips. Take old friends, meet new ones, too! 
Four l'A -hr. 
J I E * classes 
X D 

Advanced 
Teen Charm 

Must have Pacesetter course or similar training. Sessions train in methods models use for photography and make­ up. G uidance in creative wardrobe selection and poise. 
Four 2-hr. 
$ n n classes 
4 iU 

W indsor Park Store Only 

Career Girl 
Course U.S.A. 

Train for a career in profes­ sional modeling, Certified by the Texas Education Agency. 
Additional information on fashion coordination and other fashion related career fields. 

W onderland Store Only 

 tiff S WEEK’S DATE BOOK 

E nrollm ent deadline for all classes is May 27 

LET CHARG-ALL HELP YOU STRETCH YOUR BUDGET 
/VUXVTOO/l/lERY 
You’re why we’re here. 
IVW N » J 

For more information call the Wards Store nearest you.... 
MCCRELESS 
WINDSOR PARK 
WONDERLAND 
Eyvette Warnecke 
Bonnie Latino 
Carol Savage 
654-25o9 
654-22o8 
654-2321 

M O N D A Y 
9:3o a m. SAN ANTONIO 
R E P U B L I C A N W O M E N , in the Barn Door Restaur­ ant. Cipriano Guerra, dir­ ector of 
Com m unity 
Development for the City, will speak on the use of grants in com m unity development and explain the Civic Master Planning efforts. 
IO a.m. V I S T A R E P U B ­ 
LICAN W O M E N ’S CLUB, in the W indcrest R ecrea­ tion 
C enter. 
Je ff 
W entw orth, 
Repu blican 
County Com m issioner of 
Bexar County, will speak. 
7 p.m. F R E D P I L L E T 
U NI T , 
Texas State A s­ sociation of Parliam entar­ ians, in the con feren ce room of Grace Presbyter­ ian Church. M rs. Jo A l­ low ay w ill present 
“ Nominating and Voting by 
Ballot." 
7 p.m. PILO T C L U B OF 
SAN ANTONIO, in the A r­ den Grove. Officers will be installed by Mrs. Pauline 
McCurdy. Mrs. Kay Bich- sel has been appointed 
Education Area Leader for the State. 

T U E S D A Y 
IO a m. L A D I E S A U X ­ 
I L I A R Y 
OF 
ST. 
P E T E R ’S-ST. J O S E P H ' S 
C H I L D R E N S H O M E , in the children’s home. Elec­ tion of officers will be held. 

2 p.m. N O R T H 
E A S T 
B E X A R 
CO U NT Y 
A R E A 
R E T I R E D T E A C H E R S , in the old board room of An­ nex 2. Anthony B. Con- stanzo will install new of­ ficers. 
2 p.m. P H I L I A CLUB, in the home of Mr s. H. P. Orts with Mrs. Edwin P. Ward as cohostess. Mrs. John L. 
Baskett will install new of­ ficers. Tea hour will follow. 

6:3o p.m. E L C A M I N O 
CH A PT ER , 
American Bu­ siness W om en's A ssocia­ tion, in 
E a r l 
A b e l's 
Restaurant. Election of of­ ficers will be held. Robert 
L. Dalglish will speak. Miss 
Linda 
Gonzales will be vocational speaker. 
6:3o p.m. SAN ANT ON IO 
CH A PT ER , 
Delta Gamma 
Alumnae, in the home of 
M rs. 
R ic h a rd 
D ugger. 
Hostess will take reserva­ tions for the supper. Of­ ficers w ill be installed. 
Cohostesses will be M iss 
Anne Transou and Mmes. 
Joe Brew er, W illiam Ast- leford and Tom Perkins. 
7:3o p.m. R A N D O L P H - 
W I N D C R E S T E V E N I N G 
GROUP, La Leche League of San Antonio in the home of Mrs. Nathan Collier. All interested m others and mothers-to-be are invited. 
8 p.m. W O M E N OF THE 
M O O S E , in the Moose 
Home. Election of officers will be held. 

W E D N E S D A Y 
IO a m . C H A P T E R E E , 
PEO, in the home of Mrs. 
Preston Morgan. Mrs. E. Z. 
Stowell will be cohostess. 
Mrs. R. J. McConnell will report on state convention. 
Luncheon will follow. 
IO a.m. ST. M O N I C A ’S 
GUILD, in Centennial Hall at Incarnate Word College. 
Serving will be 
Mmes. 
H arry G. 
Leeper, Albert 
M. 
Rogers, 
H en ry 
A. 
Guerra, Jam es T. Hickey, 
Robert Schonhoff and Miss 
Constance Jones. 
1o a m. W O M E N ’S A U X ­ 
I L I A R Y OF C E R T I F I E D 
P U B L I C A C C O U N T A N T S , in the home of Mrs. B. J. 
Montgomery. New officers will be installed by Mrs. 
Lee M ueller. M rs. Lloyd 
Tschirhart is hostess. 
11 am . ST. M A R Y ’S U N ­ 
I V E R S I T Y G U IL D, in the 
Bright Shawl. Installation of officers, luncheon and style show are planned. 
Taking reservations are 
Mmes. Eulalio Garza, Effie 
Newton and Nora Gibson. 

12:15 p.m. ZO NTA C L U B 
OF SAN ANTONIO, in the 
Colonel’s Room of the Frost 
National Bank. 

7:3o p.m. L A D I E S A U X ­ 
IL I A R Y TO SAN AN T ON IO 
F I R E 
F I G H T E R ’S 
A S ­ 
SOCIATION, in the Park­ view Senior Center. Plans will be made for the June 4 
Games Pa rty in Mission 
County Park. 

T H U R S D A Y 

9 a.m. FT. S A M H O U S ­ 
TO N 
P R O T E S T A N T 
W O M E N 
O F 
T H E 
C HA PE L, in the Main Post 
Chapel. O fficers w ill be elected and installed. 

1o a.m. C A S T L E H IL LS 
C H A PT ER , 
American As­ sociation of Retired Per sons, in the Shepherd King 
Lutheran Chuch. Robert 
Matthews of the Edwards 
Underground W ate r Dis trict, will speak and illus­ trate his talk on the E d ­ wards Aquifer. 

11:45 a m . 
C L O V E R ­ 
L E A F T O A S T M I S T R E S S 
CLUB OF FT. S A M H OU S ­ 
TON, in the Ft. Sam Hous­ ton Officer's Club. Kathy 
Snow, 
D orothy 
W ilson , 
Je r r y Sledge, Toy R ow ­ land, Ruth Baker, Etelka 
McCluer and Helen Green will participate in a semin­ ar on the duties of a club delegate. 

Noon L A C K L A N D O F ­ 
F I C E R S W I V E S CLUB, in the Lackland Officers Open 
Mess. Lunch w ill follow sherry hour at 12:3o p.m. 
The 325o Technical Train­ ing Wives will be hostesses. 
OWC scholarship recipients will be honored. Lackland 
OWC Skylarks will present the program. 

 died two years ago. 
Grandmother was left some money from the untimely death of my uncle; her house is paid for; and she gets 
Social Security. She could afford pretty much any kind of care she wants. 
; 
However, her care falls now onto the grandchildren. I am single, in my 3os; my brothers are married and both younger. My grandmother seems to think that I owe it to her to live with her and take care of her. 
Burden 

In fact, I did so for four months, at the end of which I was going to a transactional analyst, having dreams about murdering the old lady, and generally ready for a nervous breakdown. 
I moved out, and she has never for­ given me. 
Although we all visit frequently she is miserable and lonely a lot of the time. 
I still do things for her around the house, and we are trying to find some sort of paid companion for her or to get, her to move where she could be better 

 taken care of. 
My point is that some people who have lived a long time are like vam­ pires. They have sucked the life out of those around them and live on and on, never having really been happy, never having a good sense of self-worth. 
They are always complaining about their aches and pains, always trying to get sympathy from those around them, and in general making everyone mis­ erable trying to please this person. 
How many lives is one person enti­ tled to, anyway? 
Though this may sound unduly harsh, these are my true feelings and observations. I feel you should mention this view- sometime, so that a lot of people won’t feel guilty because they don’t want an aged parent living with them. 
I believe it is important to enjoy one’s life as much as possible while there is youth and health to do it. The elderly need care, but that care should not eat up a younger person’s entire life. 
Sincerely, D.K. 
Dear D.K., So be it. Your point is well taken. 
Sports won’t hurt heart 

Dear Dr. Thoste- son: I’ve got a non­ stop athlete for a son. 
He’s into every sport you can name. 

I ’m concerned about his heart, specifically enlarged heart, which I understand can result from all this vigorous activity. What do you tell other parents who worry about this like I do? — 
Mrs. T.L. 

If the youth has a healthy heart, I tell them they are worrying need­ lessly. 
There are plenty of el­ derly former athletes ar­ ound to knock down any of the tales you’ve heard. 
Why does a heart en­ large this way? Because the heart, being muscle, reacts the same way other body muscles do with exercise. It tough­ ens and its fibers in­ crease. 

Valve 

But there are other causes of enlarged heart which can be cause for concern. 
High blood pressure, by increasing the resistance against which the heart must work, can cause it. 
So can any other dis­ order that creates greater work for the heart, such as a defective valve. 
Moderate heart en­ largement ordinarily is not a serious situation of itself unless it reaches the point where the heart becomes unable to func­ 

 tion normally. Conges­ tive heart failure may result. 
The normal heart is able to withstand the stresses of physical acti­ vity, and it will revert to its former state when the person returns to less active living. 
Massage 
Dear Doctor: 
Please tell me the best exercise for thinning down a sag­ ging rear end. Will mas­ sage help? — H.F. 
The best ones are those that perk up muscle tone. 
Plain old walking or bike riding can do that. Mas­ saging won’t help much, and nothing will help if 

 you are overweight to be­ gin with. 
If you are overweight, general weight loss plus the exercising should streamline your derriere somewhat. Don’t look for any miracles, though. 
How to get rid of leg cramps and foot pains? 
The answer may be sim­ ple — write to 
Dr. 
Thosteson, in care of the 
Express-New s, Box 2171, 
San Antonio, Tex. 78297 for a copy of his booklet, 
“ How to 
Stop 
Leg 
Cramps and Foot Pains.” 
Enclose a long, self-ad- dressed, stamped enve­ lope and 35 cents. 
Our carpets will floor you. 

We’ve piles of carpet 
(surprised?) and the best like Lees, 
Berven, Karastan, and many others to wriggle your toes in. Pius sound carpet decorating advice from our fine staff of professional decorators. 
You simply can’t beat the combination for home or office. 
Come and see soon. 

BS 
DIANNE FLACK 
INTERIORS • SAN ANTONIO 

932o WURZBACH AT BLUEMEL '696-1 791 
BANKAMERIC ARD. MASTER CHARGE. REVOLVING CHARGE 
MON TUE WED & FRI. 1o-6; THURS 1o-8; SAT IO-5 

Worldwide diamond arice increases have just 
:>een announced! 

We are maintaining yesterday's prices on our current stock, providing you with exceptional values in diamond jewelry of all types. Buy now before we must replace it at higher costs. 
Something Beautiful for Everyone.® 

Fine Jewelers Since 1878 

163 E. Houston Street I North Star Mall 
Windsor Park Mall 

Use one ut Hertzbcrg's convenient charge plans or 
American Express, BankAmericant, Master Charge 
Mail and Phone Inquiries Invited: (512) 226 9374 / 341-2566 I 634-1231) 
Please add sales tax where applicable plus $2 tor postage and handling. 

SAVE 4o% on Place Setting Pieces 
Example: "Franc** 1st", 32-pc. set (pl size) Reg. $1,4o8, 
SALE $844.8o 
SAVE 3o% on Serving Pieces 
. k 
Example: "Francis 1st", Tablespoon lf m 
Reg. $84. - SALE $58 8o 
A 

Example: "Chantilly", Tablespoon 
Rag, $77, - SALE $51.34 

Place Setting Pieces 
Example: "Chantilly" 
32-pc. set (pl. size) 
Reg. $1,224. 
SALE $734.4o 

Example: "Royal Danish" Tablespoon 
Reg. $7o.75 SALE $53.o6 

Example ."Royal Danish"32 pc. set (pl.size) 
_ R e g . $1,16o. SALE $654.56. 

 m ore w e d d in g belles + + + m ore w e 

After a wedding trip to 
Maid of honor was 
Mexico City, the couple 
MRS. C. H. DODDS 
Tracy Kalmbach, sister will reside in Denton. 
Lea rn to 
Super Sew. 
A SUMMER WARDROBE. 
After 8 easy, inexpensive lessons you will have made at least: 
One T-shirt 
One pair of perfect-fit pants 
Three fashion tops 
One skirt 
One sweater 
One suit jacket 
One swimsuit 

Using Ann Person’s unique sewing methods, you sew in a fraction of the time of ordinary sewing. You’ll learn to fit and to design. 
And it’s so simple. The classes are fun — like a special club meeting. You learn. But you love it. 

You can make it. We will show you how. 
Stretch & Sew 
America’s Fabric and Sewing Center 
8— 2 HR. CLASSES FOR ONLY *2o°° 

CAU or COME IN NOW BECAUSE CLASSES FILL FAST 
BASIC 8 
SPECIALTY 
Quickie Clast 
Mon’s Wear 
M O N D A Y a THURSDAY 
Sat. 
May 21 1o-12 noon 
Mon. May 16 
7-9 P.M. 
M an’s Pants 
Wed. May 18 9-11 A.M. We^- MoY 2* 
7-9 P.M. 
,, 
„ _ 
Seventeen Cottons 
Thurs. M ay 26 
7-9 P.M. 
Saf 
M(|y 28 
, _3 p ^ 

★ Ack About Our M in i Clusses 

 hours 
3929 FREDERICKSBURG RD. 
MON.-THURS. 9 A.M.-9 P.M. 
FRI. A SAT. 9:3o A.M.-S P.M. 
735-52/O 

BONUS SILVER CLUB PLAN 

Subject to usual credit approval, you may take up to 24 months to pay for your purchase after a 1o% down payment. Minimum monthly payment: 
$1o.oo. The cost of credit is included in the price of goods and services. 
NO INTEREST OR FINANCE CHARGE 

CENTRAL PARK MALL 
WINDSOR PARK MALL 
341-4481 
654-6435 

Also in Dallas and Ft. Worth. 

Scholwinskis plan 
Florida honeymoon 

Dodds-Kalmbach vows solemnized 

 m • « MMB bmZ 

 liiX F ~ IiMlf 

 am 25%to5o% 
ON STERLING FLATWARE 

ONE-WEEK SILVER CLUB PLAN "BONUS 
ALLOWS UP TO 24 MONTHS TO PAY! 

Buy now. . .save now.. .extend your payments! Limited time offer on Silver Club 
"Bonus." Buy your sterling from May 16 thru May 23 and take twice as long to pay as we usually offer. See Club Plan details below. 

SAVE 3o% Open Stock 
Fxampla: "Grande Baroque', Tablespoon 
Reg $1o4.5o SALE $73.15 
SAVE 4o% on Place Setting Pieces 
Example: "Grande Baroque" 
32-pc. aet (pl. size) 
Reg. $1,452-SALE $871.2o 

MRS. ROBERT W. BOWE 

Robert Bowe, 
Miss Blanchard exchange vows in Chapel One 

Miss Mary Lesesne Blanchard and 
Robert Walter Bowe exchanged mar­ riage vows, Friday in Chapel One of 
Ft. Sam Houston. The Rev. Woodrow 
Elias officiated at the ceremony. 
The bride is the daughter of Brig. 
Gen. (ret.) and Mrs. Robert Moore 
Blanchard. The groom’s parents are 
Mr. and Mrs. Robert H. Bowe. 

Maid of honor was Ann Blanchard, sister of the bride. Bridesmaids were 
Mrs. Harry Walsh and Susie Sebesta. 

Dannv Bowe. brother of the groom, served as best man. Groomsmen were 
Steven Parker and Larry Bowe, brother of the groom. Ushers were 
Robert Dewitt Blanchard, brother of the bride, and John E. Williams. 

A reception was held in The Brazier at Los Patios. 

Ann Trapnell. 
Serving as best man was Michael Cawlfield. 
Groomsman was Ronnie 
Gaines. Ushers were Ru­ ben Davila, Allah Moczy- gemba, Larry Moczy* gem ba and Joe Wood. 

Following the cere­ mony, a reception was held at the Hern^ann Sons 
Home Association Ball­ room. 

The couple will honey­ moon at Fort Lauderdale and Disneyworld in Flor­ ida. 

Miss 
Karen 
Page 
Kalmbach of Dallas and 
Cranston Hughes Dodds exchanged m arriage vows. Saturday in Church of the Epiphany at Ri­ chardson. The Rev. E. 
Maynard officiated. 

The bride is the daughter of Mr. and Mrs. 
Roland E. Kalmbach Jr. of Dallas. The groom’s parents are Mr.and Mrs. 
C. H. Dodds. 

 of the bride. Bridesmaids were Debbie Taylor of 
Austin and Kit Hardy of 
Richardson. 

Serving as best man was Glen Marple of At­ lanta, Ga. Groomsmen were Larry Cook of 
Arlington and Mike Leg­ gins of Prosper. 

A reception was held at the church following the ceremony. 

Oak Hills Presbyterian 
Church was the setting 
Saturday for the wedding of Miss Hazel Jean Nicols and 
Delton 
Thomas 
Scholwinski. The Rev. 
Frank Erw in officiated. 

Parents of the bride are 
Mr. and Mrs. Joseph C. 
Nicols of Fort Lau­ derdale, Fla. The groom is the son of Mrs. Eugen­ ia Scholwinski and the late Bennie Scholwinski. 

Matron of honor was 
Beverly Ann Gaines and 
MRS. D.T. SCHOLWINSKI bridesm aid was Mary 

E B B S your uw n U S E 
+ + + doing your ow n thing + + + doing your ow n thing 
Silver pot is her cup 

Q. 
“ My m ost recent flea m arket find is a silverplatcd tnapot of the Art Nouveau per­ iod.” — Sarah, Long Beach, Ca­ lif. 
A. When the Art Nouveau influence reached silversmithing circles around the turn of the century finely executed tea and coffee services, possessing female forms with long flowing hair, sensuous stems, vines, tendrils, leaves arid blossoms, suddenly became side­ board staples. 
Initially, handcrafted sterling silver items proved fashionable, but costly, thus inexpensive silverplatcd wares w ere soon m arketed by in d u stry giants. 
Who produced them? Well, the list reads like a Who’s Who in silver- smithing and includes the Gorham 
Company and the Derby Silver Com­ pany. 
Prices are somewhat steep on sil- verplated. Art Nouveau teapots with most models ranging between $85 and 
$125. 
C h ina 
Q. 
“ We have some odds and ends from several different sets of Haviland china.” — Mrs. G T., Kilgore, Tex. 
A. 
Because complete dinnerware sets with matching serving pieces are becom ing scarcer, single pieces of 
MAY 

F ie * M 
A R f e r yfimds by DAN O' IM H ttO 

Haviland china are eagerly sought. 
Grandmother admired it, flea m ar­ ket shoppers acquire it! Value guide: bouillon cup and saucer. Princess pat- 
‘tern, $17; butter pat, Ranson pattern, 
$8; cup and saucer, apple blossom, $2o; gravy boat, pink roses, $39; plate, salad, blue-forget-me-nots, $9; platter, blue cornflow ers, IO inches by 14 inches, $4o; sugar bowl and cream er pink rose sprays, $6o; tureen, soup, roses, gold finial, $85. 
Lanterns 
Q “ Old railroad lanterns are on my 
‘wanted list’.” — Pete, Youngstown, 
Ohio. 
A. Tracking down old railroad lan­ terns has become a major preoccupa­ tion with flea marketeers, especially those who rum m age after railroadiana. 
Perhaps the most familiar type is the oil burning model having an elongated globe. However, variously shaped brakem en’sand flagmen’s lanterns are also clicking with collectors. 
Some of the primitive lanterns ac­ tually resemble a tin can. There are numerous types, and many later ones 

 possess patent information or the name or insignia of the railroad for easy identification. 
Nowadays, it requires more than a little pull-man to bag a bargain in a lantern! Value guide: New York Cen­ tral, rod globe, bell bottom, $7o. 
Q. 
“Tucked away in the attic we discovered a pair of Amos ’n’ Andy walking toys.” — Mr. and Mrs. R.J. 
Baldwin, N Y. 
A. Your adventures in the attic have made you about $275 wealthier! These walking toys originally sold for $1.39 a pair in the 193os. 
They were an outgrowth of the be­ loved Amos 'n ’ Andy radio show- which made its debut in 1928. Nostalgia buffs rem em ber them fondly as the owners of the Fresh Air Taxi Company of 
America. 
The Marx windup tin lithographed 
Fresh Air Taxi toy has also fared 

ART Nouveau teapot 

 with toy buffs, as one in fine condition fetches between $25o arid $3oo. 

Current prices 
F arm er’s hay knife......................................................................................... $13.oo 
Gingerbread kitchen clock, Gilbert Clock Co., oak, circa 19oo ........ $155.oo 
Satsuma china button, I inch diam eter..................................................... $11.oo 
Rudolph the Rednosed Reindeer'silverplated teaspoon........................... $3.5o 
Edward VHI coronation bowl, Moorcroft pottery ..................................$245.oo 
Boys Life magazine, Norman Rockwell cover, 1913..................................$3o.oo 
Book, “ Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde,” Stevenson, W.A. Dwig- gins, illustrations, 1929......................................................................................$35.oo 
Please note: Prices may vary depending on condition and geographic location. 

GET READY FOR SUMMER AND VACATIONS. 
BIG SAVINGS NOW ON “IN SEASON’ 
FASHION FABRICS...SEW AND SAVE! 
-A* A 

 c e SALE 

M A Y 16 THRU 21 ST 

 don t miss rn STARTS MONDAY 

REDUCED TO CLEAR! 

SPECIA L T A B L E - 
SPEC IA L L O W PRICE 
H U R R Y ! 
I TO 5 YD LENGTHS 
SOLID COLORS AND 
YARN DYED FANCIES 
1oo% POLYESTER 
DOUBLE KNITS 

SHOP NOW FOR SUMMER SPECIALS 
[FASHION TERRY KNITS 

BY K N IT A W A Y 
FAMOUS...FIRST QUALITY! 

FULL BOLTS 6o" WIDE 
6 C O L O R S 
ASSORTED SUMMER 
1oo% COTT° N 
SOLID COLORS 

 iO O % ACRYLIC FACE 
TERRY 

SOLIDS 

 full 
Piece yd . Price 

Cut to 
Order yd . Price 

1 # IL. 

^ mourn mumm 
| 

I 8 Hid 
Piece y d . Prite 

REDUCED TO CLEAR 

FIRST QUALITY O N BOLTS 
FAMOUS FASHION DESIGNS 
N EW BLOUSE 
EIGHT 
SUM M ER PRINTS 
I OOo POLYESTER 
PRINTED 
KNITS 

Order y d . Prite 

EXCITING...LOW PRICE! 
SUPER VALUES 
PANTSUIT • DRESS • BLOUSE 
4 5 ” R A Y O N SUITING 
IOO 
PAVON 
4 5 ” PRINTED FLORALS 
-OO" ACE IA TI 
4 5 ” BOTTOM W EIG HT SPORT 

4 5 ” H O M ESP U N S 
IOO . COLTON 
4 5 ” POLY-COTTONS 
6Vv POLY*SH* 35 - COTTON 
5 4 ” PRINTED JERSEYS 
IOO", nylon 
4 5 ” WHITE LIN IN G S i uO . RAYON 
4 5 ” TUBULAR KNITS 
IOO' NYLON 
4 5 ” NATURAL SPORT to o 
C O H O N 
4 5 ” SPORTS TWILL to o * . COTTON 
4 5 ” DRESS LACES 
IOO’ - NYIOFJ 
4 5 ” SUITING PRINTS 
IOO .Rayon 
4 5 ” FLOCKED SHEERS 
IOO * 
NUON 

HIGH FASHION 

VALUES IO 
98* 
(LIMIT 2o CARDS) 
BUTTONS 
BUTTONS 

1, 

I or each more 

V Full 
Piece yd. Price 

Cut 
^ 
To 
Order yd . Price 

B IG S A V IN G S N O W 
FULL BoLTS...FAMoUS 
DECORATOR PRINTS 
4 5 ” - 4 8 ” - 5 4 “ W ID E 
1oo% COTTON 
PRINTED 
SLIPCOVER AND 
DRAPERY 

$1 49 M $ I 69 % 
Piece 
Order yd. Price 

W e 
DISCOUNT 
ALL 
PATTERNS 
AND ALL 
NOTIONS 
E V E R Y D A Y 

W H IT E 
3/4”- r WIDE 

NO-ROLL 
ELASTIC 

1 4 9 < 2 9 yd. 

I S U M M E R S E W IN G 
FA VO RIT ES 
MIX ’EM, MATCH ’EM 
C ALICO S IN PRINTS, PATCH 
ASSORTMENT 
1 oo % COTTON 
TOPWEIGHT AND 
BOTTOM WEIGHT 
SPORT 
PRINTS 

 mm 

ALL ON BOLTS 

45” WIDE 
FAM OUS BRAND 
ASSORTED SPRING 
A N D SUMMER PRINTS 
PRICED TO CLEAR! 

6 5 % POLYESTER 3 5 % COTTON 
A N D 1o o % COTTONS it a r l l 

6 6 Fu,! 
Piece yd. 
Price 

O C> 
Cut 
o ■ 
To 
Order y d . 
Price 

2 2 ” W ID E W H ITE 
1oo% POLYESTER 
IRON-ON OR 
REG. NO N-W O VEN 
BY PELLON 

Al 

 y d s . y d . 

I 
■ (] J 

 iv 

Cut to 
Order yd. Price 

 f e z 

Vi 

FIRST QUALITY ON BOLTS 
FAMOUS BRAND ASSORTMENT 
NEW... 
DESIGNER 
TEXTURES... 
\ 
PASTEL 
COLORS 

1oo% POLYESTER 
DOUBLE KNITS! 

FAMOUS ORITZ— RFG. 3.95 

7 W AY ATTACHING TOOL 

COMPLETE WITH EYELETS AND GRIPPERS 
GRIPPER-EYELET 
PLIER KIT 
$ o o 9 * 3 I 99 

 e a c h 

N A T U R A L C O L O R 
BURLAP 

1 oo % JUTE.. 
.4o” /4 I ” WIDE, 
NOT REMNANTS...FULL PIECES 
OUR REG. 59<t/69<t. 

Oo t i c_ 

$ 1 
Piece 
I y d . 
Price 

I 9 Cut 
To 
Order yd. 
Price 
$ 
8 8 Fun 
Piece yd . 
Price 
$1 99 

FULL 
PIECE 
OR ALI 
O N TUBE 

CUT 
TO 
ORDER 
PRICE 

Y D . 

YD. 

 fabric warehouse 

I L 
. J 

938 SANDERA RD. n 
^ 
, 
M K w e riM C M M T * * • I M M U W .T 
G » * * T « lP < # ■ 
^ 
'T H C r 
1-35 A T EISEN H AU ER RD 
DAILY 
SAY. 
4 

M f A f TO M A G M A * ARY 
A 

SUPER VALUE FROM THE MANAGER 
F A M O U S FIRST Q U A L IT Y 
7 FAVORITE COLORS 
6o” WIDE 
W O V E N G A B A R D IN E 
FROM 
BURLINGTON/KLOPMAN 
1 oo % POLYESTER 
‘SURAUNE’ 

&$I9 9< 
CUT TO 
ORDER 
YD. PRICE 

A N D R EA SCOUTEN throws brother Howard in “Ippon-Sei-Nage” under watchful eye of 
Bill Scouten Jr. 
JUDO 

 judo IO or 15 years gets bones broken.” 
In case you are curious, 
Billy Jr. weighs 145 pounds and can whip his daddy, Sgt. Scouten said. 
Last month, Billy and 
Howard placed second in their divisions in the 
YMCA state champion­ ship tournament in San 
Antonio, and Andrea won a third place. 
In the Lackland Open 
Tournam ents for the 
South Texas Association of the Amateur Athletic 
Union last December and 
March, Andrea and Billy 
•placed first in their di­ visions. 
S p o rt 
“The public often con­ fuses judo with karate,” 
Sgt. Scouten said. 
“ In judo one tries to throw the partner to the mat by gripping the gi. It is taught as a sport and not as a means of self-de­ fense.” 
The gi is a special suit consisting of a white cot­ ton jacket, trousers that come just below the knee and a sash that holds the jacket closed instead of buttons. 
Coach Pom m erelle, supervisor of the physical apprehension restraining techniques program at 
Lackland AFB’s Police 
Academy, said, “Judo is a fine form of unbalanc­ ing people, ll takes courage and is hard com­ petition. 
“ It develops young minds, bodies and char­ acter. It’s a little known sport that can be done by either sex, regardless of size, all one’s life.” 
Sgt. Scouten does not consider judo any more dangerous for his children than football or 

 basketball. 
“ They get good physi­ cal exercise and learn good discipline. In the military service, it pro­ vides a good opportunity to meet new friends right away.” 
As an example of the judo discipline, Sgt. 
Scouten said the youngsters must learn to observe the ritual in the dojo (place where judo is practiced) and to abide by the rule that judo can­ not be used outside the dojo. 
Team 
Pommerelle, who holds a sixth degree black belt, coaches judo at Randolph and Lackland AFBs. To­ gether the two groups are known as Pommerelles’s 
Dojo. 
The Scouten young­ ste r’s team, called the 
Randolph Green D ra­ gons, has about 
5o m em bers. This group meets three hours twice a week at Randolph AFB and practices once a week with the Lackland team. 

The Scouten young­ sters started learning ju­ do in 1974 in Guam. 
Before leaving Guam, the youngsters helped their team win the se­ miannual Inter-Service 
Team Championship for the first time, and won individual awards in the 
Far East Junior Olym­ pics. 

Coach 
Pommerelle, known as the sensei, said, 
“The Scouten youngsters came with a good back­ ground and caught on fast. They are dedicated, listen to the instructor and never miss a prac­ tice. It a pleasure to teach them.” 

Diamond 

 a s G r i m e r J a 

Diamonds set in 14 karat gold pink as the flowers and green as the leaves. A. Dinner ring, $55o. 
B. Rose-design wedding set, $45o. 
Something Beautiful for Everyone. S.M. 
Use one of our convenient charge plans or 
American Express • BankAmencard • Master Charge 

Fine Jewelers Since 1878 1 
163 E. Houston Street • North Star Mall 
Windsor Park Mall 

 rn 

 in 

\ ' A V 
V ti*-fi^r, v ’Jv j ' l 

; i * ■ -, 
. 
# 
’ C ■ < ^ : V v > 
T- 
' 
. ’ ■'• f ■: 
A .* 3 < ’,•**•■• • * . 
"■; . 

\ 
' 
- 
• / 
; 
'•• 
/•>: >.* **JI *-.*1/*%*>> /-ft,; 
<•1* &>■& Y * * 
IV ' 
«*■ 
■' 
•;%;... •> 

%*« . 
V ? 
V I 

W B * 

SOME say the halls a t San Antonio’s airp o rt w ill be em pty 
Airline deregulation might threaten S.A. 

By RICHARD ERICKSON 
EXPRESS-NEWS B U SIN ESS EDITOR 
A bill in the U.S. Senate would destroy the nation’s air tran­ sportation network, opponents claim, and might leave San An­ tonio without service. 

The opponents, all within the in­ dustry, say the bill would create a monopoly situation which, freed of governmental restraint, would allow airlines to fly anywhere, anytime, at any price. 
Center of the growing controversy is 
S.689, sponsored by U.S. Sens. Edward 
M. Kennedy, D-Mass., and Howard W. 
Cannon, D-Nev. 

L. B. MAYTAG 

The bill, now before the Senate 
Commerce Committee, would stream­ line the Civil Aeronautics Board (CAB), killing its powers to set passenger fares and to select some new routes. 
The bill would give those powers to the airlines. 
But proponents of the bill maintain pricing competition would increase, thus drastically lowering fares and increasing the number of routes. 
Inefficient 
Several proponents claim the airline industry is inefficient and is fighting the bill to keep profits high through reduced competition. 
National Airlines President L. B. 
Maytag, an opponent, recently told a 
Los Angeles audience the bill was “ a potentially lethal device which, once triggered, could m aim and cripple 
U.S. air travel forever.” 
Jerry Cox, vice president of the Dal­ las-based Braniff Airlines, San Anton­ io’s primary carrier, predicts airlines such as his would be forced to operate only in high-density markets to make a profit. 
‘‘And San Antonio is not considered a high-density m ark et,” he said. ‘‘It would seem likely it (San Antonio) would suffer.” 
But, Cox said, San Antonio’s con­ stantly mobile m ilitary community would insure the city partial service. 
He warned, however, there would be hardships for general travelers. 
‘‘And how would airport managers plan for what airline would be serving 
San Antonio one day to the next?” Cox asked. ‘‘How would they borrow money to build facilities when an airline may not be there next year?” 
According to a member of Sen. Ken­ nedy’s staff, airport managers should 

 not have any problems with expansions or schedules because the bill increases competition and allows gradual intro­ duction. 
‘‘In 1938, when the CAB was created, it protected a then-infant airline in­ d u s tr y ,” explained Phil Bakes, a 
Kennedy staff researcher in Washing­ ton, D.C. 
‘‘Then there were 16 long-route trunk carriers,” he told the Express- 
News. ‘‘Now there are IO controlling 9o per cent of all the domestic passenger m arket despite the trem endous in­ crease of passengers. 
“ In 195o, there were 8o applications to enter the interstate (between two or more states) market and not one has 

 been granted in 27 years,” he said 
“ Only 5 per cent were even granted hearings.” 
Bakes noted provisions in S.689 would prevent carriers from jumping into one market and then withdrawing 

-Express-News 
Business & Finance 

Most complete business coverage in South Texas 
Sunday M a y I S I 9 77 
Page 
I -G 
It’s sink or swim for C orco 

By RICK SCOTT 
A S S O C IA T E D P R E S S W RITER 
A chain of events touched off by escalating foreign crude oil prices is threatening the sur­ vival of 
San 
A n ton io’s 
Commonwealth Oil R efin ing 
Co., one of the nation’s largest independent petroleum refiners. 
Corco is in the midst of a financial crisis which executives openly admit may force it to seek reorganization under Chapter ll of the Federal Bank­ ruptcy Act. 
Trading in Corco’s stock has been suspended, and the firm is frantically seeking at least $2o million in im ­ mediate loans. 
Corco, which has all of its production facilities in Puerto Rico and is the 

 commonwealth s largest Industrial concern, has lost money for the past several years. But the latest .squeeze began last month 
$9 million suit 

Gulf Oil Corp. filed suit for $9 mil­ lion. It alleges Corco never paid for two shipm ents of crude oil, one from 
Venezuela and one from Cabinda, the 
Angola enclave where Gulf produces. 
In both suits, Gulf sought to attach 
Corco’s major bank deposits and its receivables. Corco was able to block the New York suit, but not the action in 
Puerto Rico. 
As a result of G ulf’s actio n s, a nine-bank lending group led by Ci­ tibank of New York City has frozen $2o million of 
Corco’s major bank deposits. 

A spokesman for Citibank has said the Gulf attachments prompted the lending group to step in lo protect its interests. 
Commonwealth has $19o million in long-term debt and about $37 million in short-term debt. A m ajor lender is 
Tesoro Petroleum Corp. of San Anton­ io, which also owns about 37 per cent of 
Corco’s stock. 

Lending group 
The bulk of the debt, however, rs under a long-term credit agreement with the nme-bank lending group. This agreem ent consists m ainly of $14o million in notes that start m aturing 
June I. 
Although Corco’s net sales rose to 
$1.1 billion in 1976, the com pany reported a loss of $32.1 million for the 

 year, with $26.7 million of the deficit coming in the fourth quarter. 
I ii documents filed recently with the 
Securities and Exchange Commission, 
Corco said it has e x p e rie n c ed shortages of cash and working capital because of losses from operations and other factors. 
“This effect has in turn impaired the ability of Corco to meet certain finan­ cial te sts contained in its c re d it agreement and to obtain raw material supplies at favorable prices under sa­ tisfactory cred it te r m s ,” th e documents stated. 
Gary W. Davis, president and chief executive officer of Corco at its Sari 
Antonio executive headquarters, told stockholders a month ago that unless the current financial situation is ab­ 

KEEP THE 
KIND OF comPdMY 
OUR PARENTS 
WOULD BE 
PROUD OFI 

Like our company. The kind of company that your com­ pany will be proud to work with, too. People, service, se­ lection: that’s us. Quality in every respect. And if we don’t have something you need, we’ll get it for you. Satisfaction. 
We guarantee it: Newman Office Products. Good Company. 
For your company. 

Office supplies, social stationery, office equipment, office furniture. Commercial accounts enjoy a discount. Ask about our credit terms. They’re good. Three locations to serve you. 

Well, that's our Company. Keep us for your company. 

 newman office products 

Downtown 
Fredericksburg Square 
4o1 N. Main 
3921 Fredericksburg Rd, 
222-9576 
734-5381 

1o1 Central Park Mal! 
(lower level next to Sears) 
349-2546 

Fears halted bank m erger 

The proposed merger between Bexar County 
National Bank and Texas 
Commerce B ancshares 
Inc. of Houston was not approved by the Federal 
Reserve Board because of fears of the effect such action m ight have on banking competition in 
San Antonio. 
The formal report was delivered to Bexar Coun­ ty National last week, according to R ichard 
Monger, vice president and director of m arket­ ing. 

He said the Reserve 
Board Governors thought 
Bexar County National was just too much of an acquisition for a holding company which already owns Highland 
P a rk 
State Bank. 

“ ‘Why do they need the sixth largest bank in the county in addition to the eighth largest?’ was their re aso n in g ,” 
M enger said. 
Save it 

‘‘They recom m ended preserving this bank for another holding co m ­ pany, to save it for so­ meone else,” he added. 

Menger said that, at the present tim e, no other proposal has been received by Bexar County 
National but “ we expect them because the Board order almost invites so­ meone else.” 

Bexar County National, with total deposits of 
$135.6 million as of 
March 31, combined with 
H ighland P a rk State, with total deposits of 
$79.8 million, would have moved the consolidation to fifth largest bank grouping in the county are a , only one above 
Bexar County National’s current ranking. 

The decision was made by the parent F ederal 
Reserve Board. 

Get rich quicker. 

You get rich quicker with a Bexar County Savings certificate because you earn more sooner. Shorter terms make the difference. 
Look. Certificates that take 6-1o years to mature elsewhere, mature in just two years at Bexar County Savings. Compare our rates and terms. M you’d rather get rich sooner than later, get a Bexar 
County Savings savings certificate. 

CURRENT 
RATE 
PER ANNUM 

MINIMUM 
DEPOSIT 
LENGTH OF 
DEPOSIT 
ANNUAL 
YIELD 
MATURITY 
YIELD 
7.75% 
SI OOO 
24 M O N TH S 
8.o5% 8.37% 
7.5o% 
$1ooo 
I 
IS M O N TH S 
7.79% 7.94% 
7% 
S1ooo 
12 M O N TH S 
7.25% 7.25% 
6.75% 
$1ooo 
6 M O N TH S 
6.98% 
6.25% 
$1ooo 
FROM DATE OF 
DEPOSIT TO DATE 
OF WITHDRAWAL 6.45% 
5.75% 
$25 
FROM DATE OF 
DEPOSIT TO DATE 
OF WITHDRAWAL 5.92% 

Savings in by the 2oth earn from the 1st. 
BESTOR 
COUNTY 
SAVINGS 

CK&rtered, supervised and examined regularly by 
* the Savings and Loan Department of the State of Texas ^ 

13oo McCreiess 
Shopping City, 
San Antonio, 
Texas 
78223 
532-3138 

A 

I 

San Antonio E X P R E SS-N E W S——Sunday M a y 15 1977 
Homes are still affordable 

NEW YORK — Sales of new and older homes are booming, despite all you’ve read about their high cost. 
T h e q u estio n is, who can affo rd houses at today's prices? And where a re they g e ttin g the m o n ey to buy them? 
The niedian-income family making about $14.8(1o cannot afford to d ay ’s median-priced new home (which costs 
$44,ooo last year, and is now more than that). Hut that's not unusual. For the m ost p art, m edian-ineom e fam ilies have never been able to afford m e ­ dian-priced new houses. 
But they can afford older hom es, which cost about 25 per cent less than comparable new homes, or some of the new homes below the median. 
“ Today's average new-home buyer makes about $22,ooo,” says economist 
Michael S um ichrast of the National 
Assn. of Homebuilders. 
“ In about half of those families both the husb an d and wife work. About two-thirds of the families already own a home and are using the equity they have to trade up to something better.” 

No frills — no sale 
The average new-home buyer also fa\ors higher-cost houses, generally in the $6o,o9o id $1oo,ooo range. 
“ The no-frills new house didn’t sell. 

Staying Ahead 

By Jane Bryant Quinn 

 just the way that no-frills cars didn't sell,” says Irwin Kellner, economist at 
Manufacturers Hanover Bank in New 
York. “ People want all the comforts and are willing to pay for them .” l^ st year the average new' home not only got bigger, it also got more ela­ borate. 
Some 49 per cent of all new single­ family homes had central air condi­ tioning in 1976, compared with 46 per cent in 1975; some 67 per cent had two or more bathrooms compared with 59 per cent in 1975. 

Bigger, better 

The average house size has grown from 1,4oo square feet in I96o to 1,6oo square feet last year. 
Alan Reynolds, vice p resident of 
First National Bank of Chicago, says that if you adjust house prices for the fact that homes are bigger and better equipped, the price increases are not as large as they seem. 

Where are people getting the money to buy these bigger, better homes? To begin with, real personal incomes and savings are up. 
In the second place, the majority of them are trading up from houses they already own Inflation, plus high de­ m an d from b u y e rs, has v as tly in­ creased the value of their old homes, which gives them a big jum p on the cost of a new one. 
Ralph Rivet, vice president of Great 
W e ste rn S av in g s & Loan in Los 
Angeles, says some California people have a 5o to 6o per cent down payment, which lets them buy a house worth four or five times their annual income. 
O thers, with a sm alle r down pay­ m ent, are stretch in g to three lim es their annual income. 
Alan Reynolds adds that people are m ore aware than ever of the invest­ ment value of their homes. This makes, them willing to spend more money on a house. 
“ In the last recessinon, incom es 

 were eroded and stocks fell but house prices ro se ,” he told my associate, 
Linda Rubey. 

The savings and loans that do the bulk of th e m o rtg a g e le n d in g a re rolling in cash. 

Mortgage interest rates are general­ ly running around 8V2 to 8^ per cent, alth o u g h in C a lifo rn ia, w h ere th e market is tightest, they get up to 9 per cent. Most econom ists expect m o rt­ gage rates to hold steady or rise only slightly this year. 
You can generally get a m ortgage am ounting to 8o per cent of the pur­ chase price, as long as you have en­ ough income to meet the payments. 
For a slightly higher interest rate, many lenders will go up to 95 per cent. 
The high m o rtg ag e is the way that young people with little savings but a good income can afford a house. 
N ev e rth eless, m ost lenders d o n ’t want yearly mortgage and real-estate tax paym ents to take more than 25 per cent of a fam ily’s gross income and they are more conservative than that. 
The m o re debt you have, the less money you can borrow to buy a house. 
•lust because a buyer can’t afford a new home of the size he wants doesn’t mean that he had to settle for someth­ ing sm aller. The median price on an older home last year was $32,ooo — which is within the buying range for a median-income family. 
4-H Club building steam 

The busy season for 
4-H 
Club m em b ers is ap­ proaching, and Bex­ ar County is going to have a full schedule of events. 
One of the first events will be the District 13 4-H dog show at Olmos Park 
S atu rd ay . R ibbons and trophies will be awarded. 
There will be both con­ formation and obedience classes in the show. Ad­ ditional information can be obtained at the office of each county agent. 
The dog train in g pro­ gram is one in which both urban and rural 4-11 mem bers can compete on even terms. 
The dog show will be followed by the th ird 
Bexar County horse show 
June 4 at the McCollum 
Arena. 
Camp 
The Bexar County 4-H cam p will be held from 
June 23 to Juno 26 at the 
HEB F oundation cam p site near Leakey. 
A co u n ty 4-H h orse school also is being o r­ ganized. It will be held 
July 18-2o at a site to be d eterm in ed in the near 

oCattie Clatter C 
' 
By Bill Cunningham I lf* fee 

 future. In stru cto rs will be from Texas A&M Uni­ versity. 
Some im portant infor­ mation will be dispensed at a meeting of the Bexar 
County 4-H F eeders’ Or­ g an iz a tio n M ay 31 at 
Knowlton s Creamery. 
This m eetin g will be open to livestock project le a d e rs , o rg a n iz a tio n le a d e rs and in te re s te d p a r e n ts of 4-H 
Club members. 
Barbecue 
In recent years money for the big Bexar County 
Ju n io r Livestock Show has been raised through a barbecue. 
The 1977 barbecue will be Saturday, June ll, at 
C om anche P a rk No. 2. 
V o lu n teers in the past have done a first class job in preparing the food fur the ticket holders, 
Money raised provides so m e of th e o p e ra tin g 

 co sts for the show and helps cut down on the re­ quired entry fees. 
The Bexar County jun­ ior show has been grow­ ing by leaps and bounds in recent years. 
Cow sale 
A special cow sale will be held Saturday at the 
Lone 
S ta r 
L iv esto ck 
Commission Co., starting at I p.m. 
The sale will include 
I.OOO to 1,2oo cows, and about 8oo will have calves at side. 
A few bulls also will be sold Saturday. 
ICA meet 
The regular meeting of the B exar County In d e­ p en d e n t 
C a ttle m e n ’s 
Assn. will sta rt at 7:3o p.m. at the Lone Star Li­ vestock Commission Co. r rank Helvey, presid- net of the local chapter, said sev eral im p o rta n t 

 m atters will be taken up at the meeting. 
W hile so m e city dwellers are cursing the 

CLASSIFIED D ISPLA Y 
Market pdace 

 invasion of dandelions in their yards, som e land owners in the Rio Grande 
Valley are raisin g d a n ­ delions and selling their greens at a profit. 

C onner 
D avis, m a n a g e r of 
W a lte r 
Baxter Seed Co., said his company has been selling dandelion seeds in the 
Valley for 15 to 2o years. 

He said J. S. McManus 
P ro d u c e Co. h a r v e s ts from 3o to IOO acres of the 

 d a n d e lio n s a n n u a lly . 
This year the McM anus harvest will be 5o to 6o acres. 
McManus probably is the biggest of the major five dandelion growers in the Valley. 
It is estim ated that a good producer will grow about 3o,ooo bunches or 
3oo field c r a te s of the greens an acre. The an­ nual value of the crop is e s tim a te d at ab o u t 
$5oo,ooo. 

Excellent a Investment ^ 
Opportunity 

Department of Housing and Urban Developm ent invites bids on the follow ing properties 
Fulton Village Apartments, 

Houston, Texas 

Minimum Price: No Stated Minimum 
Terms: All Cash Net lo HUD 
Required Deposit: 5% of Offering Price with Bid, 
Balance at Closing 

14 two-story walk-up buildings containing 112 units located at 11o1 
^ B a rd w e ll. 
J 

-rn .1 1. .m.in-iiiiiiuLiiuiiiainiaijMiiiniiiiiiirTi iri)’n.iiun.rr-iirir-nw- Tin .riiiiii.in. awMMMMwmMmMmnwmMWMMMMaMMmaHMMaMVMWMMaMii iirj 
Sooner Road Mobile Estates, 

Oklahoma City, Oklahoma 

Minimum Price: $ 2 2 8 ,o o o 
Terms: AII Cash Net to HUD 
Required Deposit: $1o,o o o with Bid, 
Balance at Closing 

ALMAC Const Co 
AH Types of Steel Bidgs 
€56-6881 

GMC TRUCKS 
4 Wheel Drive, Short & 
Long W heel B ase V an­ d a l s A Suburhano 
TINDALL Ic SON 
Pontiac, GMC 

SPECIAL COW AND 
CALF SALE 
Sat, May 21. I pin 
Lone Star Livestock 
Commission Co. 
Loop4to So. off Ray E l­ lison Drive. 
Seiling 1o66 Cow & Calf 
Prs. 
Som e of the co n sig n ­ ments are: 
26o - Crossbred Cows - 3 yrs old, calving now. 3o - 
Crossbred Prs - 5 yrs old. 
3o Santa Gertrodis Prs. - 
4 and 5 yrs old. 2o - 
Crossbred Prs - 4 yrs old. 
1o - Crossbred Prs. - 5 yrs old. 2o - Hereford Prs. - 4 
It 5 yrs old. 2o Angus Prs 
- 4 k 5 yrs old. 2o - Oakie 
Prs - 3 It 4 yrs old. 25 - 
Crossbred Prs - 3 yrs old. 
45 - Choice C rossbred 
Prs. - 3 to 5 yrs old. 5o - 
Crossbred Cows, Calving now, 3 & 4 yrs eld. 2oo - 
Crossbred Prs - 3 yrs old. 
Some Reg. Bulls: 4 Reg. 
Brahman Bulls; 4 Reg. 
Hereford Bulls. 
Bangs Tested and P reg­ nancy Tested. All Native 
Cattle. For Info Contact: 
Frank Helvey, 1-426-3777; 
Buddy Groff, 1-42 6 -2794 or Office 623-52oo. 

Briscoe due at credit meeting 

Gov. Dolph Briscoe and U.S. Sen. John Tower will welcome the 81st annual Credit Congress of the 
National Assn. of Credit Management at its opening meeting Monday. 
Some 2,5oo persons are expected to attend the four-day series of m eetings at the San Antonio 
Convention Center. 
F o rm e r astronaut Charles M. Duke J r., who served as lunar module pilot of Apollo XVI and explored the surface of the moon, will address the 
Credit Congress Munday afternoon. 
T he N atio n al A ssn. of C red it M a n a g e m e n t m em bers are credit grantors in m anufacturing, wholesaling, service industries and financial insti­ tutions. 
Prominent local businessmen will participate in the event as officers of the state level of the group. 
Clyde C. Crews, vice chairm an of the board of directors of Frost National Bank, is the general convention chairman of the event with the National 
Assn. of Credit M anagem ent of Texas, the host association. 
William B. Long, credit m anager and assistant treasurer of the Alamo Iron Works, is president. 
Harry ll. Foiles Jr. is executive vice president of the state organization. 
Mayor proclaims business, exec week 

Mayor Lila Cockrell has proclaimed the week of 
May 15 through 21 as Business Credit and Financial 
Executive Week. 
The proclamation will be presented at the National 
Assn. of Credit M anagem ent’s 81st annual Credit 
Congress, meeting at the conventional center this week. 
The proclamation is in recognition of professional service to business firm s and the stabilizing effect on the community given by such executives, ac­ cording to a city spokesman. 

2 ” . Muddle home -itf.-. plot- a lorat**<l ut .“VOO S.F. I Hi Ii. 
J 

A D D I T I O N A L M U L T I F A M I L Y 
P R O P E R T IE S A R E O F F E R E D . A m ailing list is m aintained for investors having a nationw ide interest strictly in 
M ultifamily Properties. As soon as a property becomes available, the Prospec­ tus is autom atically m ailed to you. To have your name placed on this m ailing list, write on your letterhead to the ad­ dress shown below. 

O B T A IN P R O S P E C T U S F O R A D D I­ 
T IO N A L 
IN F O R M A T IO N . 
Alt bid- must conform to prospectus issued by the 
D epartm ent. Mail coupon for prospectus. 

S E A L E D B ID S W IL L B E R E C E IV E D 
AND P U B L IC L Y O P E N E D A T 1 1 :o o 
A.M . LO C A L T IM E JU N E 15. 1977 
A T A D D R E S S S H O W N B EL O W . 
Purchaser must provide fo r payment of the full purchase price in cash. pn m m m m m m m m m m m m 
Mail this coupon today to obtain prospectus 
J 
1 HUD 
1 
1 
1 
V 

D E P A R T M E N T O F 
H O U S IN G AND 
U R B A N D E V E L O P M E N T 

Office of Property Disposition 
Housing 
Room 9282 
ISI 7th Street, S.W. 
W ashington. D.C. 2o41o 

Send me immediately without obligation a 
Prospectus for 

I Name of Property) 

N am e. 

Here’s How: 
1. lower ovorfwod ond job sit* costs. Overhead and labor cit the job sit* account for on in­ creasing share of building costs. Spoed Fob Crete cuts costs by mess producing panels at our plant while tho foundation and slab are being poured. 
Panels or* then d*liver*d to th* job sit* and quickly eroded. 

2. A dosran-buiW company 
SpoeJ fao-Crete has full planning, design and holding capabilities from your 1o*o to tt-v finish od product. We wilt also wark from your plans. 
3. tow maintenance and insurance costs. 
There’s nothing to wear out en a Speed Fab-Crete building ond rf decorative aggregates are used, no painting is necessary, (arouse it’s mode of concrete, insurance rates are low. 
4. Speed of construction. 
Kocouso Speed Fab-Crete is a modular system, construction time is cut considerably. This results in lower interim finance costs and earlier oc­ cupancy. 
5. Team management. 
We offer a single responsible source for design and construction at a guaranteed price within a specified time period, i. Highest quality. 
Cocause Speed Fab-Crete buildings are made pf concrete and steel, longer term loans are available. You just can’t buy a better building at any price. 

WAREHOUSES os low os building under roof 15,ooo sq. ft. 
$ C o o or more t J t q . ft brie* includes: 
Building IOO' X ISO'. Slab and foundation on your level site, precast 4 ini loodbeoring walls 12 ft. high; steel bar joist, 3 ply built up roof system with 22 gouge metal decking ond VS" insulation; 2 steel personnel doors, 2 steel 9 X 9 overhead doors; 14 gouage metal fascia, scuppers. F O B. 3o miles San Antonio area All prices may vary slightly of different plants ond distances. 

Panels are precast et plant, trucked to jab sift' and quickly erected ana welded into place. 

A ddress. 

EQUAL HOUSING 
OPPORTUNITY 

CALL PLANT NEAREST YOU 
Son Antonio............ 512/696-333o 
Robstown.................512/3o7-4555 
Austin.................. 512/454-7911 
Other Plants in: Ft. Worth, DoMos, Houston, 
Monroeville, 
Ak. 
— 
Phoenix, 
Ari*. 
— 
Naugatuck, 
Conn. 
— 
Steeleville, 
III. 
—- 
Steelville, Mo. — Carson Qty, Nov. — High 
Point, N.C 

Crosby 

Marty Green sr*-' .aw*. 
I 

-. 
1 
1 
: 
: i t >< rn* 
•WSRvX-.«V? 
:v:vs .. 

G.W. Nix 

Parks 

Murphy 

Barrentine 

The board of directors of Frost National Bank has elected 
Robert D. Fumer vice president and promoted 
George A. Barrentine to vice president. Barrentine, who joined the hank in 
1974, will continue to manage F rost’s personal banking center. Fum er has served in F rost’s data processing departm ent since joining the bank in March. 

The Broadway National Bank board of direc­ tors has elected Alan W. Crosby to lending officer and promoted Lloyd Seiler to vice president. Crosby joined the bank as a lending interviewer upon graduation from the Univer­ sity of Texas at Austin last December. Seiler has been with the bank almost IO years and has experience with a national in stallm ent loan company. 
Corinne Rogers Breitbach has joined Central 
Park Bank as a loan officer. Mrs. Breitbach has been a loan officer al First National Bank and was assistant to the Chairman of the Board at 
Great Western Loan and Trust. 

M.S. “ Marty” Green, president of San An­ tonio American Printers Inc., has been elected to the Board of Directors of Windsor Park Bank. 

G.W. “ Jerry” Nix has been selected as credit ex e c u tiv e of the y ea r by the San Antonio 
Consumer Credit Assn. and by the State Credit 
M anagement Assn. of Texas. Nix is manager of the collection division of the Credit Bureau of 
San A ntonio. O fficers of. the Sun Antonio 
Consumer Credit Assn. have been installed for 
1977-78 and include: Ervin R. Netherlin, pres­ ident; Lila MacMillan, 
1st vice president; 
Sidney Kline, 2nd vice president; Gary D. Nix, 
3rd vice president; and G.W. “ Jerry” Nix, se­ cre tary /trea su rer. The board of directors is: 
Howard Pinion, Bob Crntcher, Kay Andersen, 
Bob Johnson, Steve Pepps, Dave Statham, Fran 
Hankins, and Lydia Rodriguez. 

Glenn G. Turner, president of Yellow Van & 
Storage Inc. of Sari Antonio, has completed a certification examination to be accredited cer­ tified moving consultant. 

(Hen C. Green, district sales m anager for 
Metropolitan Life Insurance Co., has qualified for the President’s Conference by placing more than $4.5 million of personal life insurance pro­ tection during 1976. 
Four San Antonians attended a two-day m er­ chandising sem inar at A m ana R efrigeration 
Inc. headquarters in Amana, Iowa. Attending the sem inar were Edward G. Walsh, m anager of 
EDCO OI Nan Antonio; Bob Toussaint, and 
Al Boyer, salespersons for Seberas’ Plumbing and Appliance Co.; and Robert Preddy, sale­ sperson for Sides Supply Co. Inc. 

John W. Ehlers has been elected to vice president of pipelines and plants and to the b o ard of d ire c to rs at 
G ulf 
E n e rg y & 
Development Corp. 

M.B. Parks has been promoted to director of o p e ra tio n s -p la n ts and p ip e lin e s , for G ulf 
Energy and subsidiaries. 

Dr. Jim Murphy, a former professor of en­ gineering at Texas A&M University, has been n am ed vice presid en t of m a n u fa c tu rin g at 
Southern Steel Co. 

Norman R. Edmunds has been honored with mem bership in the United States Gypsum Co.’s annual President’s Club. 

Warren S. Hewitt and Billy D. Holder, San 
Antonio representatives of N orthw estern N a­ tional Life Insurance Co., have been awarded m em bership in the firm ’s Golden Key Club for 
1976. 

Hank Harrison has joined Lewis & Associates 
Advertising as creative art director for the ad agency. 

Waylen White has completed a merchandis­ ing m a n a g e m e n t train in g w orkshop at the 
JC Penny Regional Training Center in Atlanta, 
Ga. 

Morris S. Gindorf was presented with the 
Texas M ortgage Bankers Assn. distinguished service award at the organization's 61st annual convention conducted in Houston last week. 
Tim Cogswell has been promoted to manager of the Spanish Galleon, after m ore than two years as assistant manager at the Fort Worth restaurant. 
Pat Hanlon has been promoted to the position of are a supervisor for the four locations of 
Wendy’s Old Fashioned Hamburgers. 
William Whitlock and Harvey Willer of the 
San Antonio Implement Co. attended a week­ long training program at the Sperry New Hol­ land Service Training School at Lenexa, Kan. 

Sigmore rises 32 % as revenues lop $96 million 

Third quarter revenues for Sigmor 
Corp. reached more than $96 million, a 
Ai per cent increase over the sa m e period in 
1976, company officials announced. 
Net incom e a fte r taxes ro se to 
$2,592,o28 or 56 cents per share, which represents a 37 per cent growth over last year’s third quarter. 
Officials explained the higher figure was due mostly to increased profits in 
Sigmor’s pipe, refining and trucking operations. 
Gensco, the corporation’s pipe and tubing division, reported an increase of 47 per cent in revenues for the third 

 quarter and selling prices for product: from Sigmor’s refining operations alst showed an increase. 
At the company’s Sigmor Shamrock service stations, an increase in the volume of gasoline sold plus more sales of automotive and convenience store items are said to have offset lower gasoline profit margins. 
D uring the nine m onths ending 
March 31, Sigmor sold more than 4ot million gallons of gasoline, a 9 per cent increase in volume over 1976. The firm operates 459 retail outlets with ll more planned before the end of the fiscal year. 

The o ffb e a t side of business 

Marketplace f 
The Local Ledger 
"I 

Marshall Clegg 
& Associates now offers a mind boggling 
19,ooo sq. feet of office furniture. 

Hearing set for new 
S.A. national bank 
A request to charter a new national bank in San Antonio has been accepted by the Regional Office of the Comp­ troller of the Currency. 
A hearing date of June 9 has been set in Dallas for the Summit National 
Bank, which, if approved, will be built at the northeast corner of IH41o and 
Summit Parkway in northwest San 
Antonio. 
The bank will begin with $1.5 million in capital and surplus and will provide drive-in facilities on both the north and south sides of the expressway. 
A recent analysis of the primary 

 area in which the bank will operate —- near the University of Texas at San 
Antonio, the UTSA Medical Center and 
USAA — shows the bank will be able to service an estimated 58.ooo people. 
Bank organizers include Robert M. 
Alterman, Robert L. Bobbitt Jr., Ger­ ald M. Dubinski, Ted P. Mahone, Gen. 
Dorr E. Newton Jr. (USAF retired), 
Margaret Stark Saunders and William 
Trieschmann. 
Backers explained the existing and projected rapid growth of the area was the reason for placing the bank where they did. 
Management panel formed 

S o n Antonio E X P R E S S-N E W S -— Sunday M a y 15 1 9 7 7 
Page .3- G * 
Odds & ends 

Company officers of Conroy Inc. have formed an executive manage­ ment board to recommend corporate actions to the firm’s board of directors. 
Keith M. Orme, Conroy’s president and chief executive officer, was ap­ pointed chairman of the new body. 
Other members included four Con­ roy vice presidents and three officers from the firm’s subsidiaries. 
They are: Clifford R. Kaeser, Conroy vice president, general counsel and secretary; Thomas F. Bibb, vice pre­ sident and controller; Jack Levy Jr. vice president and tresurer; Carl E. 

Blanchard, vice president of internal growth; Peter J. Pirsch, president and chief executive officer of Glastron Boat 
Co.; Thomas M. O’Sullivan, president and chief executive officer of O’Sulli­ van Industries, and J. R ichard 
Scroggs, vice president of finance of 
O’Sullivan. 

O’Sullivan resigned from Conroy’s board of directors to take the post on the new management board. That va­ cancy will be filled in the near future with an executive from outside the company, officials said. 
DR. PAUL H. CARLSON, left, inspects a prized Rambouillet ewe with Dr. Leif Thompson 
Sheep, goat industry study due 

Sam worth shod Cher 

San Antonio’s 
Sam Lurches? re­ jecting Superstar Cher? Yes, indeed, according to a two-page article in the 
May 9 issue of People Magazine. Cher tried to order a pair of Lucchese’s famous $1,2oo boots by mail but “ the 
Rolis-Royce of bootmakers” turned her down. “ Women’s feet expand and contract like an accordion,” he said, but added he would fit her if she came to San Antonio. 
Changing Times Magazine’s May issue tells of the coming revolution in television electronics. By the 198o's, millions of sets will be “two-way” and allow consumers to shop, answer tests, vote and call for police through their television sets. Texas Instruments is ready to market the system at $1o1) for additions to existing sets as soon as it gets governmental approval. 
The Oscar winning film, “Rocky” has grossed over $57 million in do­ mestic box office sales in its first 21 weeks, according to United Artists. It cost about $1 million to make. 
Playboy Enterprises Inc. has ap­ pointed its first woman vice president at the corporate level. Michelle Urry, cartoon editor of Playboy Magazine and Oui, was promoted to vice president for licensing services for the corporation. 
The railroad depot in central Wis­ consin, recognized as the corporate 

 trademark of Employers Insurance of 
Wausau for 25 years, has finally been purchased by the company. The insur­ ance firm has announced tentative plans to convert the depot into a mu­ seum of trademarks. 
The player piano is coming back with electronics. 
Superscope 
Inc., makers of Marantz stereo components, has developed and soon will market 
The Pianocorder, a mechanism that, when attached lo any piano, records and plays “ live" music via magnetic tape cassettes. The firm will also market tapes by Rachmaninoff, Ru­ binstein, Horowitz and others, thus creating concert halls out of living rooms. 

MARSHALL CLEGG 
& ASSOCIATES 

13o Soledad, San Antonio, Texas 782o5 (512) 226-5 ITI 

A Texas Tech University visiting professor is beginning a major study of one of Texas oldest industries. 
Dr. Paul Carlson, at Texas Tech on leave from Texas Lutheran College at 

Seguin, is preparing a history of the 
Texas sheep and goat industry from sources available at Tech’s Southwest 
Collection. 

While teaching history at Tech, 
Carlson discovered that no major study of the statewide sheep and goat in­ dustry had ever been undertaken. 

Texas because that is where the in­ dustry has dominated.” 
Carlson indicated that he will use extensive oral history information in his study. In addition to researching the numerous interviews held by the 
Southwest Collection, he plans to spend the summer tape-recording persons 

 w ho have been an important part of the development of the industry. 
A Texas Tech Ph.D . in history, 
Carlson taught at Texas Lutheran for three years before taking a one-year appointment at Tech. He is the author of nineteen historical articles dealing with the history of the West. 

Armed Forces Week, May 15 through 21, will feature at least one business-oriented event, a seminar on how to bid on government contracts. 
Set for 9 a.m., Tuesday in the Commerce Room of the National Bank of 
Commerce, representatives of local, state and federal agencies, including the military will go into details for owners of small businesses. 
Scott Newell, president of San Antonio-based Newell Industries Inc. and the head of Gulf Metals Industries in Houston, has formed Southern Zinc 
Co., to be located in Atlanta, Ga. The new company will produce zinc dust, zinc oxide and prime western slabs at a rate of 1.5 million pounds per month. The new company represents a capital investment of $1.5 million and construction of the Georgia headquarters should be completed by July. 
Free enterprise seminars were held last week at Lanier and McCollum high schools sponsored by the Greater San Antonio Chamber of Commerce. 
More than 8oo seniors heard talks by Alfredo Vasquez, senior vice president for corporate matters, Alamo Savings Assn.; Arture Villarreal, vice president of personnel for Joske’s of Texas; Tony Cortes, owner of 
Southwest Municipal Services Inc. and accountant Ruben Escobedo. 
San Antonio’s Department of Building and Zoning announced it issued 
255 one-family building permits in April with a valuation of $6,o2o,952 and fees of $22,74o. Total monthly .permits topped 3,6oo with a valuation of 
$11,866,828 resulting in fees of more than $84,ooo. 
Austin-based Accelerators Inc. has purchased 4o5,ooo shares of its common stock from Hughes Aircraft Co. The block of shares represents approximately 2o per cent of the firm’s total outstanding common stock and had been held by Hughes since October 197o. The shares will be placed in a voting trust with the company’s three largest investors as trustees. 
One of those three is A. Baker Duncan, San Antonio senior vice president of Rotan Mosle Inc., a Texas investment banking organization. 
Commonwealth Oil Refining Co. has won the National Petroleum 
Refiners Assn. award for safety conditions in the company’s Puerto Rico complex. The plant’s record of safe operation was more than a million man-hours without a disabling injury. 
The San Antonio Estate Planners Council will welcome Stanley M. 
Johanson, law professor at the University of Texas, at a luncheon meeting 
May 17 in the St. Anthony Hotel’s Peraux Room. Johanson will speak on ancillary administration. 
The oldest airline in North America, Mexicana Airlines, announced 1976 profits of more than $3 million despite devaluation of the Mexican peso. 
This is the ninth consecutive year the firm reported profitable operations even though the 1976 figures were less than half the 1975 profits. A record passenger volume in 1976 of 3,814,538 established Mexicana as the largest commercial airline in Mexico, Central and South America. 
The Outlet Co., owners of KSAT-TV, Channel 12, has announced an agreement in principle to acquire Hughes & Hatcher Inc., a men’s clothing firm with 61 stores throughout New Jersey, Pennsylvania, Ohio, Michigan, 
Wisconsin and Illinois, th e proposed purchase is valued at about $2o.2 million, of which Outlet would pay $17.9 million with the balance from tax recoveries. Closing is contemplated for Aug. I. 
Powei master of Texas has moved to larger facilities at 12oo6 Radium. 
Drive. The firm, with distributors in Austin, Kerrville, New Braunfels, 
Fort Worth, Dallas and Denton, is a marketing company for transient voltage suppressors, and has installed the equipment in more than 16o 
South Texas commercial businesses. 
Mooney Aircraft Corp. of Kerrville has told pilots across the nation reduced power settings, filling more seats per trip and pushing for legislative action are three ways they can save fuel and contribute to energy conservation. The Kerrville firm took out a full page ad in the June issue of Flying Magazine to publicize its views on saving energy. 
V------------------------- 1 — ,---------------------- ' 

And 5 designers 
Ie it all 

 works as hard as you do. 

To offer you a selection of office furnishings this complete, we had to expand our showrooms. In fact, w e’ve taken over the whole building at 13o Soledad. And we’ve redesigned our displays for beauty, comfort, and efficiency. 
The same kind of beauty, comfort, and efficiency we can help design into your offices. Whatever your particular need or budget may be. W e’ve been doing this for all kinds of San 
Antonio businesses for over 81 years. 
You see, we sell office furniture. 
But what we deliver is office efficiency. By helping you arrange those furnishings in a way that makes your office work as hard as you do. 

“ Ironically, at times there have been more sheep and goats produced in 
Texas than cattle,” Carlson said. “ Yet the number of books on the cattle industry would fill a wall of book­ shelves, but those on sheep and goats can be counted on two hands.” 

Untapped source 

CHARLES CHEEVER 
Cheever leads bankers group 

Charles E. C’heever Jr., president of 
San Antonio’s Broadway National 
Bank, was elected vice president of the 
Texas Bankers Assn. at its recent 
Dallas state convention. 
He succeeds Charles L. Childers of 
Tyler, who became the association’s new president. 
Cheever is a former member of the organization’s administrative council and chairman of the mortgage finance committee. 
; 
In addition to holding the presidency of Broadway National, the banker is also vice chairman of San Antonio’s 
Eisenhower National Bank. 
Cheever, a 1949 graduate of the U.S. 
Military Academy at West Point and retired lieutenant colonel in the Air 
Force Reserve, is chairman of the San 
Antonio-Bexar County Airport Zoning 
Board and a trustee of Incarnate Word 
College. 

Carlson said he was surprised to discover than a great amount of basic material was available for research at 
Texas Tech. “ A virtually untapped source for this study is the Southwest 
Collection,” he indicated. 
“ In addition to the records of the Mo­ h air Council of A m erica and the 
American 
Angora 
Goat 
Breeders 
Assn., it holds the files of the Texas 
Sheep and Goat Raisers Assn. which are just loaded with information. 
“ The Southwest Collection also has alm ost every book on sheep and goats,” Carlson indicated. 
“ For example, I found a reference to a rare 19oo publication and decided to check the Southwest Collection to see if they had it. Not only did they have the book, but also the author’s autobiography and some of his per­ sonal papers as well.” 
According to the professor, no one has ever attempted to survey the his­ tory of the sheep and goat industry from Spanish beginnings to the pre­ sent. 
“Sheep and goats have been raised in every state in the union, and I su­ spect in every county in Texas,” he said. 
“ Of course, this study will focus mainly in the Edwards Plateau, the 
Texas Hill country, and Southwest 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday M ay 15 I 9 /7 * 
Airline deregulation battle rages 

Continued from Page IG to another, more profitable route on a seasonal basis. 
“ There is a public service require­ ment of year-round, regularly scheduled service in the bill,” he said. 
And airlines operating under the new regulations, contrary to industry offi­ cials’ statements, could not just pick and choose their routes at random, 
Bakes explained. 
One criterion used in the bill to dis­ tinguish how many new routes would be granted is the number of pas- senger-miles, which is the number of passengers multiplied by the number of miles traveled. 
Each carrier that travels more than 
SOO million passenger-miles would be able to add one new market a year within a set, legislated distance. 
Smaller carriers could select up to four new routes a year, not exceeding a certain total distance. 
But the increase in markets — all without current governmental regula­ tion and approval — would force air­ lines to turn to lower prices as a com­ petitive tool. Bakes said that is the second main purpose and other consumer freedom granted in the pro­ posed law. 
United States airlines are basically inefficient, he charged, protected from interference and have always been by virtue of CAB regulations. Under those same regulations, he added, the air- lineschargegreatlyprofitablefares. 
A recent study by the General Ac­ counting Office (GAO) supports those contentions, using competitor projec­ tions and the experience of one Texas airline as evidence. 
M. Lamar Muse, president of South­ west Airlines, supports the Kennedy- 
Cannon bill; so has California’s Pacific 
Southwest Airlines, Air California and, with nearly 24 per cent of the domestic markets, the industry giant, United 
Airlines. 

'We ju st f e e l the low er fa re s you charge, the more traffic you develop and the more m oney you take to the bottom line.' 

M. L A M A R M U SE 
Under provisions of the legislation, large intrastate (within one state) carriers such as Southwest, PSA and 
Air California would be able to expand across state borders simply by choos­ ing to serve a market out of their state, without waiting the required years it would take the CAB to grant or refuse such a request. 
Muse thinks the deregulation would help, not harm, San Antonio. 
“ I think every carrier that’s serving 
San Antonio has done so profitably. 
Obviously they are not going to walk away from a profitable business,” he said. 

“ I don’t see San Antonio affected in any adverse way,” he added, pointing to his airline’s long-standing battle with Braniff as an example. 
“ We charge $25 to fly from San An­ tonio to Dallas. When we started the route in June of 1971, Braniff had IO flights a day from there and they were spaced horribly during the day, three or four in an hour then none for three or four hours. 

17 trips 

“ On July I, 1971 — 13 days after we started our service—Braniff put in 17 round trips a day, hourly service, and has maintained it every day since then ataprofit. 
“ Now does that sound like deregula­ tion is going to hurt San Antonio?” 
Muse said if the law is passed, the first thing his company will do is ex­ pand to New Orleans and Kansas City. 
“ New Orleans because it’s a plea­ sure-oriented market, poorly serviced by present carriers at a high rate, and 
Kansas City because that’s one of the few remaining monopoly markets that 
Braniff has. 
“ Ifs not being properly served and they’re charging too damned much money.” 
A San Antonio passenger headed for 
New Orleans would pay $4o for a day flight on Southwest, $25 for nights and weekends, Muse said. Eastern Airlines currently charges $99 for first class and $64 for coach. 
“ If there’s deregulation, everybody is going to reduce fares, and the es­ 

 tablished carriers are not going to let someone come in there to steal any market with lower fares,” Muse said. 
“ They are going to have to meet it and that’s exactly what they are afraid of. They don’t want to have to cut fares, they want to go on and charge their current ridiculous fares.” 
But the passenger would have to give up the luxuries he is currently used to 
— and which presently is the main 

 selling point of the airline industry. 
With lower fares, Muse said, such things as large lounges, sumptuous meals and current movies would be eliminated to concentrate on the air­ line’s primary job of moving people. 
“ We just feel the lower fares you charge, the more traffic you develop and the more money you take to the bottom line,” Muse said. “ And it has worked out for us.” 
Muse said his company has moved from profits of $3.4 million in 1975 to profits of $5 million in 1976. 
“ And this year, we’ll hit $7 million, still using that philosophy,” he said. 

The major airlines are all unani­ mous in their belief that something has to be done to streamline the bureau­ cratic regulatory system under which they operate. 

But S.689, most say, goes too far. 

Muse of Southwest, Sens. Kennedy and Cannon, and researchers of the 
GAO charge the airlines with inefficiency and say this new competi­ tion will be better for the industry and for the passenger. 

Meanwhile, S.689 is due out of the 
Senate Commerce Committee in June. 
President Carter has expressed priva­ tely and publicly that he is in favor of it. 

But after the legislation hits the full 
Senate, it must go through the possible addition of amendments, compromise hearings with the House of Represen­ tatives version to be submitted soon by 
U.S. Rep. Glen Anderson of California, and then to the White House. 
SINK OR SWIM 

Continued from Page IG 

 leviated “ it may be necessary for the company to seek the protection of the courts in a reorganization proceeding.” 
Corco said some help has already come from the Federal Energy Ad­ ministration, which has granted it some relief by adjusting the formulas it uses in its program to equalize dif­ ferences in crude oil costs for U.S. refiners. 
The refiner, which depends almost entirely on expensive imported oil, has argued that its receipts from the en­ titlements program haven’t equalized its costs for imported crude and naptha with those of other U.S. refiners who have access to cheaper domestic supplies. 

But Corco says the help is minimal. 
It had asked for relief totaling $96 

CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 
CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 

NORTH PARK 
Lincoln 
Mercury pro­ udly announces the return of 
Don 
Dun- ford. 
Don lead our new and used car sales staff for 2 con­ secutive years. After a short stay in Corpus 
Christi he has returned to the 
Alamo 
City. 
Don is anxious to see all of his many previous owners and friends. 
■MORTH PARK 

L I N C O L N * M E R C U R Y 

9 2 o 7 
SAN PEDRO 
341-8841 

Neiman-Marcus axes plans for S.A. store 

Neiman-Marcus, Tex­ as’ well-known luxury specialty store, has dropped San Antonio from its list of possible new sites. 
Lawrence 
Marcus, executive vice president and secretary of the firm, told the news to a luncheon meeting of the 
San Antonio Chapter of the American Marketing 
Assn. last week. 

See related story on 

“ We have no plans to enter the San Antonio market,” he said. “ We owned a piece of proper­ ty across from the St. 
Anthony Hotel years ago and had planned a store there. 
“ But we found we 

(ADV.) 
JUUe’re looking for some people who are 

 very demanding of themselves. They have an all-consuming commitment to succeed. They can cope with stress, frustration and rejection. When they make a wrong decision they don't fall apart, and their belief in themselves doesn't waver. They’ll fight for what they want to the end, hardly ever let up; but whatever they do they do honorably. It may come out all wrong some­ times. But they do it honorably, and their word is their bond. 

A high-pressure business is attractive to these people because they know it usually comes with the opportunity to make a substantial income. lf you meet such a person socially you find yourself admiring the strength, and the confidence 
It may even surprise you to learn it s not just the money that s attractive; it's also the challenge, the arena of competition, the excitement. lf you needed a simple explanation, you might say these people frequently have to prove something to themselves: That they can survive incredibly well--whatever the circumstances. 
They have to prove it... to themselves. 
So they frequently over-achieve 
Because they love the recognition they get when they do 

These people make excellent E F. Hutton Account Executives. (Quite frankly, they generally do well, whatever they do.] But we give them an environment in which they can thrive. 
And we bend over backwards to please them. 

So more people like this will come to us. 

We like that kind of person 
We hope to hear from more of them. We have so much to talk about. 

Openings in our local branch. Call toll free (8oo3221-5152. Or send resume. It wil go to people in sales management, not personnel. Contact Richard R. Tartre, 
Senior Vice President, National Retail Sales. E.F. Hutton & Company, Inc., One 
Battery Park Plaza, New York, N.Y. 1ooo4. We are an Equal Opportunity 
Employer, IWF. 
When LE Hutton talks, people listen. 

 didn’t have the necces- sary technical knowledge to operate a store that far away from the Dallas headquarters and so we sold the land,” he said. 
The company now has that technical knowledge and, in fact, is opening stores in Chicago, New­ port Beach, San Fran­ cisco and Beverly Hills, 
Calif., but San Antonio still doesn’t qualify. 

Million people 
“ It is our policy to build stores in cities with populations of at least a million people who have certain family income characteristics,” Marcus told the group. “ And prices are going up.” 
He also noted it was a company policy to avoid building in a downtown area because “ people don’t want to go down­ town any longer.” 
San Antonio simply' doesn’t have enough money to support a lux- ury-speciality store like 
Neiman-Marcus, the son of the founder of that chain said. 
“ It would take what­ ever would support $15 million in sales per year for us and I don’t know what that would be,” he explained. 
Marcus added the San 
Antonio store would have to have prospects of at least $3o million in an­ nual sales. 

Profit 

It was all a matter of profit, he said. 
“ If I ask Mr. (Philip 
M.) Hawley (president of 
Carter 
Hawley 
Hale 
Stores Inc., owners of 

L A W R EN C E M A R C U S 

Neiman-Marcus) if we will go into Kansas City which has an income of so much or to San 
Antonio with an income of 8o per cent of that, he answers that it was a rhetorical question. 
“ We go to places where it is easiest for us to suc­ ceed,” he said. 
And what do customers of speciality fashions, for instance, who live in San 
Antonio do to obtain what they wish to buy if there is no Neiman-Marcus? 

W ill respond 

“ Challenge the exist­ ing stores here to buy what you want,” Marcus replied. “ They will re­ spond to what people want if they can find out what that is.” 
Marcus also explained the reason his company sold control to Carter 
Hawley Hale was the ex­ pansion prospects the huge corporation offered. 
“ It was access to ready capital that made us do it,” he said. “ If you don’t think big today, you get squeezed out.” 

 million from the FEA, but said it was granted only $7.2 million. 
The government entitlements pro­ gram and Coreo’s huge petrochemical complex in Puerto Rico, which in­ cludes a 161,ooo-barrels-per-day refin­ ery, helped Tesoro decide to make its major investment in Corco in 1975. 
Joint venture agreements, arranged in the late 196os, are another major source of financial drain. 
Corco says the long-term contracts, made before the quadrupling of for­ eign oil prices in the 197os, now force it to supply chemical feedstocks to such joint-venture plants at costs below that of the raw materials needed to produce the feedstocks. 
Other factors, Corco says, are high loan interest costs and a decline in demand for petrochemical products. 
But “ the main thing has been the burdensome contracts, really,” said 
Dr. Robert West Jr., board chairman of Tesoro Petroleum, which has found its 37 per cent ownership of Corco to be an increasing burden. 
Tesoro paid $83 million for the stock in June 1975 and has loaned Corco $62 million to date. 
Tesoro itself reported a loss of $1.2 million for its fiscal first quarter end­ ed Dec. 31, compared with a $4.8 mil­ lion profit in the same period a year earlier. 
“ If it hadn’t been for the joint-ven- ture contracts, Commonwealth would be able to live with them (its creditors) but the contracts are becoming pro­ gressively worse as the OPEC nations force the price of crude oil higher and higher,” 
West said in a recent interview. 
West, however, sees no major threat to Tesoro as a result of Corco’s problems. 

Ongoing concern 

According to West, Tesoro might actually gain by a Chapter ll reorgan­ ization of Corco, because “ if it did this, 
Corco could re-emerge from Chapter ll or whatever it would be in and be an ongoing concern. 
“ Quite frankly, that is what I would expect to happen if it does go into 
Chapter ll,” he said. 
“ Chapter ll is not necessarily doomsday or the end of the world, although many people think it is,” 
West said. 
As a major lender, Tesoro would stand in line with others in a total liquidation of Corco. Tesoro’s biggest loss would likely come through its stock ownership in the refiner. 
West said he believed a reorganiza­ tion of Corco under Chapter ll would allow the courts to reject or renego­ tiate some of the company’s existing contracts on economic grounds. Cor­ co’s debt obligations also could be restructured. 
Corco is negotiating with its major lenders to defer much of the com­ pany’s commitments. The lenders’ decisions to provide more lenient credit terms have allowed Corco to avoid default on its debt obligations so far. 

Additionally, Corco announced recently that the government of Puerto 
Rico and its Puerto Rico Water 
Resources Authority — a major Corco customer — had agreed to extended assistance in providing additional cash to the company. 
The aid, however, was conditioned on Corco’s obtaining concessions from other lenders involved, including those 

 wmm 

GARY DAVIS 

DR. ROBERT WEST 

 who attached the company’s bank deposits. 
And Ashland Oil has said it is con- 
‘sidering making a major investment in the Puerto Rican refiner. 
Ashland’s investment of as much as 
$5o million, however, will be on the basis of a 12o-day evaluation on the financial stability of Corco, Ashland officials announced. 
At $3 a share, that investment option would give Ashland 16.7 million shares of Corco’s common stock, a 49 per cent interest after dilution. 
The tentative agreement to invest also would give Ashland a five-year option on Tesoro’s 5.5 million shares of 
Corco stock. The two together would be about 22.2 million shares or 65.5 per cent of the stock, more than enough for complete control. 

Rests on results 

But all of that rests on the results of the evaluation. 
Ashland, in last week s statement, also said it would continue oil supplies to Corco’s Puerto Rican refinery for a six-month period to keep it operating. 
But, the firm added, it will also keep title to its crude oil until sold to Com­ monwealth and paid for on a daily basis. 
So, observers point out, there may be a light at the end of Corco’s tunnel of troubles but, at the moment, it is more under consideration than factual. 

MORTGAGE LOAN OFFICERS 

OFFICER FOR INCOME PROPERTY LENDING 

MORTGAGE BANKING EXPERIENCE REQUIRED, PREFERABLE 3-5 YEARS IN 
SOLICITING A N D PACKAGING COMMERCIAL LOANS FOR INSTITUTIONAL 
INVESTORS. MUST HAVE A W O R K IN G KNOW LEDGE OF UNDERW RITING, 
APPRAISAL, A N D SUBMISSION PROCEDURES. COLLEGE DEGREE PREFER­ 
RED, 
CO M PEN SATIO N 
COMMENSURATE 
WITH 
EXPERIENCE 
AND 
KNOW LEDGE 

OFFICER FOR RESIDENTIAL LOANS 

MORTG AG E BANKING OR SA VIN G S A N D LOAN EXPERIENCE REQUIRED, 
PREFERABLY 3-5 YEARS IN FHA, VA, A N D C O N VENTIO N A L LOAN PRO­ 
DUCTION. MUST HAVE W O R K IN G KNOW LEDGE OF APPLICABLE REGULA­ 
TIONS A N D PROCEDURES. CONTACT WITH BUILDERS A N D REALTORS, 
KNOW LEDGE 
OF G N M A 
CERTIFICATES 
DESIRABLE. 
COLLEGE 
DEGREE 
PREFERRED. COM PENSATION COMMENSURATE WITH EXPERIENCE A N D 
KNOW LEDGE 

EXCELLENT FRINGE BENEFITS A N D W O R K IN G C O N D ITIO N S . 

OUR AGGRESSIVE AND EXPANDING M ORTGAGE LENDING PROGRAM 
OFFERS REAL OPPORTUNITY. 

CALL: MR. WILLIAM A. BROWN, SENIOR VICE PRESIDENT 
BROADWAY NATIONAL BANK - 824-o444. 

(CONFIDENTIAL INQUIRIES WILL BE RESPECTED) 

{Q U A I OPPORTUNITY EMPLOYER 

Savings, loans hit records 

Savings and loan associations in Texas added $4o7 million in deposits and made loans of $6o2 million during March, both records for the month, accord­ ing to James A. Coles, president of the Federal 
Home Loan Bank of Little Rock. 

Coles said relatively low market interest rates during March made savings and loan rates attrac­ tive, leading to the record savings deposits. 

Strong demand for housing, both new and used, generated the record loans. 

Texas savings and loan associations held $17.9 billion in savings deposits and $16.7 billion in mortgage loans in March. Assets totaled $21 billion. 

During March, Federal Savings and Loan Insur­ ance Corp. — insured savings and loans of the 9th 
District of the Federal Home Loan Bank System received new savings deposits totaling $1.11 billion' and had withdrawals of $795 million, leaving a net savings increase of $315 million. 

District savings and loans also credited $291 million in interest and dividends to depositors’ accounts, making the total addition to savings accounts a March record of $6o6 million, according to Coles. 

The previous March record of $6o4 million was set last year. 

March loans totaled $838 million and set a single-month record over the $773 million estab­ lished during July 1976, Coles said. 

The 9th District includes Arkansas, Louisiana, 
Mississippi, New Mexico and Texas. 

M 
V 
Jk 
M 
V vatch out, Plaza. 
Move over, 
Broadmoor. 
Step aside, Waldorf 
Pardon us, 
Ritz. 

Make way for La Mansion Del Norte. 

Ground will be broken tomor­ row on San Antonio's very own world-class hotel. 
La Mansion Del Norte. 
The Sister of La Mansion on the river. And the birth of a new era in luxurious accom­ modations. By July 1978,3o6 rooms will be ready to play host to San Antonio's most discriminating 

 visitor. Offering all the circum­ stance of a world-class hotel, with a minimum of the pomp. 
As such, this groundbreaking is San Antonio's single most important excavation of earth since HemisFair '68. 
And it is evidence of faith in San Antonio as the va­ cation and meeting cen­ ter of the Southwest. 
[ATTwnsion 
DEL HORIE 

 lA H ttnsjon DELHOKTE 
San Antonio's World-Class Hotel. 

 u HILE QUANTITIES LAST! 

Sears Where America shops 

S t AKS, ROEBUCK AND CO. 

Satisfaction Guaranteed or Your Money Back 

Downtown Plaza Store 
Soledad at .Navarro 
Mon. and Thurs. 9:3o-9 
All other days 9:3o-6 

SAVE 5o% to 55% 
Carter Hall 
$ 89.95 Cocktail ta b le.... 
$149.95 Hex commode .... 
$149.95 Square commode 

Bright Star 
$199.95 Octagon cocktail 

Military Drive Store at Pleasanton Rd. 
Mon. thru Sat. 
9:3o-9 

44.88 
$129.95 Lamp table .......... 59.88 
7 4.88 
$129.95 End table ............ 59.88 
71.88 
T rendsetter 
$89.95 End table .......... 
39.88 
99.88 
$89.95 Lamp table ...... . 
39.88 

Central Park Store 
San Pedro at Loop 41o 
Mon. thru Sat. 
9:3o-9 

Sleep SALE 
SAVE 64% 
Mattress CLOSEOUT 
Innerspring or Foam sr n 

YOUR CHOICE 

Regular $139.9o set. Choo.se 216-coil in­ nerspring or 6-in. thick serofoam urethane quilt top mattress. Both have plaid cotton cover. In­ nerspring has Va-in. urethane foam over tufflex cellulose pad. Sold in sets only! 

Set twin size 

Mis-matched Bedding SALE! 
SAVE 33%,. 71% 

'iff' ^ 
, , , 
WESTSIDE 
MOTOR BANK 

A two-day course for local store owners on how to prevent rip-offs will be offered Tuesday and Wednesday. 
“ Loss Prevention for Retailers,” a 
University of Texas at San Antonio 
Continuing Education program , fo­ cuses on ways retailers can control losses from shoplifting, employe theft, credit and bad checks. 

The program will be offered from 
8:3o a.m. to 4:3o p.m. at the Turtle 
Creek Country Club. 
Instructors are Dr. William G. Mit­ chell, UTSA faculty m em ber and former vice-president of administra­ tion for a Chicago-based department store; Judy Farber, general manager of Rhodes Department Store in Won­ derland Center, and Linda Sorber, a 
Maryland attorney and UTSA visiting 

 assistant professor of law. 
The first day will be an overview of shoplifting and employe theft with each participant able to create a do- it-yourself loss prevention program by the day’s end. 
Farber will discuss types of security systems available to retailers and the problems with each. 
One issue to be discussed is using uniformed guards. “ Many customers 
CWB has new w a y to pay 

Many City Water Board em­ ployes did not receive April paychecks. 

But it wasn’t due to oversight or fin­ ancial problems. It was a new em ­ ploye’s automatic deposit system set up through the Southwestern Auto­ mated Clearing House Assn. and Na­ tional Bank of Com merce of San 
Antonio. 

Under the new system, an employe’s salary is automatically deposited in his checking account. 

Instead of printing paychecks, the 
Water Board produces a magnetic tape containing a record for each employe participating in the program. 

Individual payroll items are deli­ vered to NBC, along with the tape. 

The tape is recorded at NBC and, from there, salary “checks” are sent through the clearing house association to each employe’s bank. 

The system saves time and money through deletion of the physical pay­ check. Each employe gets an account­ ing record of deductions and salary 

 information on payday which he can use for tax purposes. 

Another advantage is employes have their checks deposited even during vacations. 

The clearing house deposits this au­ tomatic no-check paycheck anywhere in the lith Federal Reserve District, which is all of Texas and portions of 
Oklahoma, New Mexico and Arizona. 

The NBC-Water Board system is si­ m ilar to the Joint Uniform Military 
Fay System (JUMPS) currently in use at .San Antonio’s military bases. 
Bank buys square block in downtown 

Westside Bank completed the purchase of a square block in the Rosa Verde Urban 
Renewal Area last week. 

The transaction marked one of the largest pur­ chases of land by a private company in the down­ town area. 
“ Our confidence in the future of this area of downtown San Antonio is reflected by this major investm ent,” said George Casseb, president of 
Westside Bank. 

“ Plans call for the construction of a new motor bank and indoor banking facility which will match the Spanish Colonial decor of our main building and blend with the general atmosphere of El Merca­ do area,” he continued. 
The site, approximately two acres, is bounded by 
West Commerce, Pecos, Buena Vista and Leona streets. It is just west of IH35 and is separated from the bank’s main building by the freeway and Pecos 
Street. 
Completion is scheduled for late this year. 
Mrs. Barbara Banker, chairman of the board of the San Antonio Development Agency, presented the deed to Casseb. 
Employes at La Quinta win honors 

The managers and staff of four San 
Antonio La Quinta motor inns were honored at a recent convention of the chain. 
Ray and Haleen Eastham, managers of La Quinta 
Motor Inn-Lackland, 6511 Military Drive West, were named runner-up managers of the year out of a field of 63. 
The facility also won the award for best regional front desk operation. Occupancy at that location has averaged 9o per cent versus a 65 per cent nationwide industry average. 
Housekeeping 

The award for the best regional housekeeping and maintenance department went to La Quinta-Airport 
East, 333 Northeast IH41o. The facility is managed by Bob Bordett. 
Harold and Vicki Hooper, managers of La Quin- ta-Turtle Creek, 9542 IH1o West, were cited for best regional sales effort. Their motor inn is the newest- 
La Quinta in the area. It opened in October. 
Vince Kersey, manager of La Quinta-Downtown, 
IGOI E. Commerce, won the award for best sales effort for inns with food and beverage operations. 
San Antonio-based La Quinta Motor Inns Inc. owns, operates and licenses 51 inns in the Southwest, 
Midwest and Southeast United States and one in the 
Republic of Mexico. San Antonio has nine locations. 
1776 Inc, goes into Backyard 

Sixty per cent interest in the Backyard Restaur­ ant, 53o5 McCullough Ave., has been acquired by 
1776 Inc. which already controls three other San 
Antonio eateries. 
Owners Cappy Lawton and David Bamburger have made changes in the Backyard’s menu, hours and decor as part of the change in ownership. 
Douglass Jaffe and Associates, owner of The Yard, the shopping center in which the restaurant is located, retains 4o per cent interest in the facility. 
New hours at the Backyard are ll a.m. to 3 p.m. and 5 p.m. to ll p.m. daily with a buffet style brunch served during weekends. 
Mama’s, Avery’s and Cappy’s are the other local holdings of 1776 Inc. 
Building courses set 

San Antonio College Continuing Education will offer two courses in the uses of construction mater­ ials in June. 
“Introduction to Concrete” will meet Tuesdays for five weeks beginning June 7 and “Fundamentals of 
Soil Technology” starts June 9 on Thursdays for 5 weeks. 
Both are designed for local builders and the fee for each course is $16. Register at the college’s Contin­ uing Education Center, 1517 N. Main Ave., or phone 
734.7311, ext. 345. 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEW S— Sunday May 15 1977 
Course for store owners teaches rip-off prevention 

 resent seeing uniform ed guards in stores,” said Mitchell. “ But (shoplift­ ing) pros seem to think twice when they see them.” 
A representative from a security systems operation will be present to talk about the pros and cons of using polygraphs or lie detectors. 
Part of the discussion will center on how useful the polygraph is and if its cost is greater than the retail loss. 
The second day will involve discus­ sion of credit loss, bad checks and accurate record-keeping systems. 
Dr. Sorber will analyze past laws relating to retailers and how the laws can relate to the future. 
“ Because each case is different, I basically will describe what the re­ tailer cannot do and situations he can avoid, based on past cases,” she said. 
Other topics 

Other program topics will include custom er service, loss prevention practices and the importance of ef­ fective employe training programs to prevent loss. 
The panel of speakers will be present at the end of the two-day program for a question and answer session. 
For registration information, call 
UTSA’s division of continuing educa­ tion at 227-9147. 

I- 

WESTSIDE BANK vice president James Templin, from left, and president George Casseb accept deed to land shown from Barbara Banker 

SOLD IN SETS ONLY They may not match, but they sure do sleep good! Sears has a large selection of mis-matched mattresses and foundations in twin, full, queen, and king sizes. Pair ’em up and save big! 

T w in size 
Each piece 
Sold for $59.95 lo $139.95 in 1976 

Full 
/ ■ w mm 
Each piece 
Sold for $79.95 lo $159.96 in 1976 
129 
49.95 to $399.95 in 19 
199 

Queen 
Set 
_ 
_ 
Set 
Sold for $249.95 to $399.95 in 1976 

King 
Set 
_ 
_ 
Set 
Sold for $299.95 to $549.95 in 1976 

Ask about Sears credit plans 

Occasional Table CLOSEOUT 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS-— Sunday M ay 15 I 9 7 7 

Syndicates threaten real estate market 

N EW YORK TIMES n e w s SERVICE 

LOS ANGELES — Southern Califor­ nia’s sizzling real-estate market has produced a new kind of commodities speculator who deals in new homes. 
Investment syndicates are buying homes as fast as they are built in some communities and selling them a year or so later at prices that often double their money. 
Some real estate experts complain that speculation by the syndicates is causing home prices, already soaring, 

 to accelerate even faster, and forcing more and more families who want to buy homes for their own use out of the market. 
"They’re creating what I think is a terribly dangerous situation, not only for the people who want a house and can’t keep up with the spiral, but a lot of these syndicates are going in too deep,” said Sanford Goodkin, a real-estate consultant. 
“ They’ll pay anything the builders ask and run the prices up; they're blowing up a balloon that sooner or 

 later is going to be pricked by market saturation, and the reaction will be something like a dynamite explosion going; some of these investors are like lambs being led to slaughter.’’ 
Southern California during the last two years has had a real-estate market that might be described as bizarre. In many communities, prices for new and used homes have been rising by at least IO per cent monthly, and often at a much higher rate. 
Some builders have resorted to lot­ teries to choose who among hundreds 

■ 
New office opens 

N E W M A N OFFICE PRODUCTS has opened a new central office downtown at 4o1 N . Main. The firm ’s third location, it is designed to be a receiving and distribution center as well as a retail outlet. The manager is Danny 
Escarcega. 

 of would-be customers could buy a limited number of new homes. And, some buyers have camped out in the rain for as long as a week to bt1 among the first in line when a new develop­ ment opened. 

Prices shot up 

It is not unusual for a home sold for 
SHO,OOO one month to bring $8o,ooo a month later. In Orange County south of here, where it is all but impossible to buy a new home for less than $8o,ooo, a study this week by a state legislative committee indicated that the assessed valuation of single-family homes had shot up one third during 1976 alone to 
$3.6 billion from $2.6 billion. 

The situation is a result of economic and psychological factors: a reces­ sion-caused 1974-75 slump in construc­ tion; general inflation; a scarcity of desirable undeveloped land because of increasing local “ slow- growth’’ regu­ lations; price-inflation speculation in raw land by the savings and loan in­ dustry; recently new population growth and a euphoric auction market atmos­ phere rooted in the recent price rises that have not only attracted specula­ tors but prompted many families to use inflated values of their homes to buy still more expensive homes. 

Real estate experts estimate that at least 65 per cent of the new homes purchased last year were by people who already owned homes and used their equity to “ trade up.” 

This pattern contributed to the price spiral and widened gap between the families who already owned homes and those — including young people just starting out — who had never owned a home and did not have an equity to use as a down payment. 

In Southern 
California, investment syndicates are buying new homes and selling them fo r a big profit 

Predictably, builders are responding to the intense speculation and demand for housing here by rising prices well beyond the rate of inflation. 

25 per cent 

“ In ‘71, builders averaged about Kl per cent net profit,” Goodkin said “ In 
‘73 and ‘74 and early ‘75 they were hard put to average 4 per cent; in ‘76, it started to go up 12 and 15 per cent because of the demand, and now it is 2o to 25 per cent in the hot market." 

Typically, investors in the home- buying syndicate put up from $1,ooo to 
$5,ooo to join such a group, which gen­ erally buy from one to four or more houses at a time. 

Their investment is used to cov er the down payment — generally, 2o per cent of the purchase price — and a reserve fund. The home is then rented and sold after a year or so. 

Used — as well as new — homes are acquired by some groups and savings institutions do not appear reluctant to deal with the speculator. 

Some victimized 
Although many investors appear to have done well financially in the syn­ dicates, some have been victimized by syndicators who take substantial por­ tions of the investment as their own fees or make bad investments or arc1 

 outright con artists, according to some real estate industry sources. 
Nominally, the Securities and Ex­ change Commission and the State of 
California regulate such syndication. 
They require, for example, detailed prospectuses on each home offered for an investment. 

But, as a practical m atter, many syndicators are ignoring the regula­ tion. reliable sources say. 

“ I bet 5o per cent of these people are in it illegally — they’re not giving full disclosure, they don’t advise people they are dealing with a risk situation. and they take in people who can’t really afford such a risk.” said one syndicator, who says his company operates in compliance with SEC rules. 

"On the average, our investors are making 25 to 4o per cent per annum,” he asserted. 

He asked that he not be identified by name because he did not want his remarks construed as advertising in violation of KCC regulations. 

Mark Long, a San Diego real-estate lawyer, said no one knows how many syndicates have been established, but almost certainly more are on the way. 

“ The reason single-family home syndication is so hot, and it’s going to continue lo be, is the price of homes is going up so fast; the product is making money.” 
Recreation machine firm fa r from 'tilt9 
GLOBE 

Everything for all the Great Outdoors! 

USE GLOBE'S 
EASY 

L A Y A W A Y SPORT 
RAMA 

N E W YORK TIMES SERVICE 

CHICAGO-U n lik e the usual employe recreation room with its rows of vending machines and a pingpong table, at the 
Bally 
M anufacturing 
Corp. here three walls are jammed with klang- 
■fifg,. cartoon-faced pin­ ball machines and the fourth is lined with the latest models in slot ma­ chines — everything from standard 5-centers to three-play, double-or- nothing monsters that take only silver dollars. 
S ilver dollars any­ where but a Bully’s small recreation room, that is. 
Here the slots use play money and the pinball machines are free, but it gives employes a chance to know tile products that 
Bally with increasing success manufactures, distributes and, in Neva­ da. operates. 
The company enjoys more than 8o per cent of the slot machine market, and w ith pinball ma­ chines enjoying a new vogue in fhe United 
States — a “ pinball wi­ zard’’ was the protagon­ ist of the recent film, 
“ Tom m y,” and 
New 
York City recently lega­ lized pinball machines after a 35-year ban — 
Bally has become one of the w orld’s largest makers of pinball and arcade games. 

International 
It has seven plants in the Chicago area and one each in West Germany and Ireland. Bally last year designed and pro­ duced 27 new models of commercial pinball ma­ chines (games of skill, not chance) and 48 indi­ vidual models of slot machines. 
Since 1969, when the company went public, its annual gross revenues have grown tenfold, from barely $2o m illion to more than $2oo million in 
1976. A fter two disap­ pointing years in 1974 and 1975, when foreign currency troubles and what company officials call faulty management practices during a period of rapid growth cut into earnings. 
. Now Bally has begun to show healthier profits. 
In the first nine months of 1976, the latest pub­ lished reporting period, net income rose to $9 m illio n , or $1.57 per share, from $6.4 million, of $1.15 per share, in the 
1975 period. 
B u lly’s stock, scheduled for two-for-one split soon, has been one of the liveliest on the Big 
Board last year. It has 

 soared from 11-% to a high of 49 recently. At the end of 1976, when it stood at 28-%, , it had gained 
153.8 per cent to make it the second biggest gainer of the year after Tele­ dyne. 
Bally’s slots 
B ully’s slot machines are whirling away in Ne­ vada, the only state where they are legal, and in 15 other countries that license them. as players of all income levels try to hit the jackpot. 
And with Atlantic City preparing to open lega­ lized gambling, visions of rows of cherry bunches and lib e rty bells are dancing before the eyes of Bally executives. 
Bally plans to bid on the 
A tlantic 
City operations as soon as the city's commission has set the ground rules for the gambling that New' Jer­ sey voters authorized to turn flagging A tlantic 
City into an Eastern Las 
Vegas last November. 
In addition, Bally sells pinball and electronic arcade games in virtual­ ly every part of the world where there is electrici­ ty, except China. 
Bally’s President, W il­ liam T. O’Donnell, a friendly, informal man, drives a Rolls-Royce to work, but he has a pen­ chant for working in his shirt sleeves, and his of­ fice is modest. In one corner he keeps one of the country’s first pinball machines — a sm all, hand-powered model built in the Depression year of 1931 by the Lion 
M anufacturing 
Com­ pany, B ally’s predeces­ sor. which had been struggling along making slot machines and punchboard games. 
“ They started putting this little beauty into 
Chicago drug and candy stores, selling them for about $12.5o,” O’Donnell said. “ You got seven playing balls for a penny, and you had to add up your own scores. 
But the machines pro­ vided a lot of cheap en­ tertainm ent for weary people, and they made some badly needed mon­ ey for the store owners. 
Lion, to his amazement, made over 5o,ooo of them, and the company’s been in the game- machine business in a bigger and bigger way ever since.” 
Like his company, 
O’Donnell is a child of the Depression, and to­ day he has to remind himself occasionally that he’s now drawing an an­ nual salary of $15o,ooo and holding stock valued al about $15 million. 

'O H O . A C o p v m N G lo b * S tole*, loc PMCS a tta c liv * IM u May IS, 1977 i#s«rv« e m iy N to lim it q u an t.in s 

BE 

•315 Santa Rosa 
•4343 West Commerce 
•238 Military Drive 
•49o2 Fredericksburg 
•7142 San Pedro 
•85o5 Broadway 
Sr 

ASSURANCE THAT 
> 

• O ji pres* •"■ii1,u h s <*<e to * p 'v e ir it you t.nd a low er puce b on y rn yo u' 

. ■••;>. 
• . .. b o ttle and re c e ip t we * iii refund d ie d iffe re n c e ’ 

•O w l n y (h e ,«d p e r iu d w e rn .ie ti <* i . l im p e t "b o n t> tin e tim e s p e c ia ls ' 
^ 3 

* 

} 

> 
I 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— 
Sunday M ay 15 I 977- 
Sporty VW bodies zoom into big time 

ASSOCIATED PRESS 
MINNEAPOLIS 
- 
Two businessmen who have matched up the Volkswagen engine and chassis with a sleek plastic body are making strides in the hotly competitive sports car field. 
It didn’t come easily for Gary Cour­ neya and David Fuller, who did a $6 million business last year and netted income in the six-figure area. They prefer not to give the exact figure. 
This year, they anticipate some $8 million in sales. 
When they got together through a friend in the late 198os, the pair started 

Gary’s Bug House to cash in on the dune-buggy rage. 
Fuller had been running a fiberglass design business, and he developed the dune-buggy bodies that bolted onto the 
Volkswagen chassis. Courneya mar­ keted them at about $4oo each. 
The dunes, however, were fair-weather vehicles, and competition was sprouting everywhere. 
New Product 
So Courneya, 34, and Fuller, 37, worked up a new product. Meantime, they bought and fixed up used Volks­ wagens for sale to tide them over until they launched Bradley Automotive. 
Now, they’ve got some IOO workers 
Fickle fashion lets corporation grow with style 

ASSOCIATED PRESS 
LOS. A N G ELES - Fashion is a fickle thing, but Carter Haw­ ley Hale is staking corporate growth on it. 
“ The more fashion content in your stocks the higher tin* risks.” Philip 
Hawley, the company's 51-year-old president and chief executive, said in an interview. 
“ But if you do that job well, people begin to look to your business as the one that has the styles they want to see and you win a customer following that way.’’ 
The Los Angeles-based Carter Haw­ ley Hale is the parent company for fashion-orniited retailers such as The 
Broadway in southern California, Nei- man-Marcus in Dallas and Bergdorf- 
Goodman on New York’s Fifth Avenue. 
The firm, which had sales of more than $1.4 billion last year, was built by 
Edward Carter, who started here more than 311 years ago with three stores. 
Carter realized early that 
— 
— 
Los Angeles would sprawl, so he began building a network of stores throughout the area. 
The Broadway now has 42 stores throughout southern 
California doing more than 
85oo million in annual sales. 
C arter moved north, merging with Hale Bros. in 
San Francisco and Weinstock’s in Sa­ cramento and rounding out his Cali­ fornia holdings in 197o by acquiring the 
Bay Area's Empnrium-Capwell 

Aiming wares 

Carter aimed his wares at what he calls “ the broad middle — with a little emphasis on the top.” In 1989, he ad­ ded Walden Books, now the nation’s largest bookstore chain, and acquired 
Neiman-Marcus, famous for its 
Christmas catalog, and followed up with the 1972 purchases of Holt, Ren­ frew. Canada’s leading apparel re­ tailer. and Bergdorf-Goodman in New 
York. 

More recently, says Hawley, who took over as top man this year, the company has been digesting its acq­ uisitions and emphasizing customer service. 

Carter Hawley Hale is aiming now for “ the broad segment in the middle 

 to upper-middle income range — 75 per cent of the over-all adult popula­ tion. ” a different approach than com­ petitors who count discount operations as part of their retailing effort. 
"We re probably the only one of the large-scale retailers that does not have at least one segment involved in dis­ counting,” Hawley said “ We’ve tried to stay with department specialty stores with a high fashion content in them.” 
Hawley sees fashion as ail “ evolu­ tionary thing, resulting from a higher proportion of the population with higher levels of education, more two- member income in the fam ily and higher discretionary income.” 
Consumers, he said, “ have increas­ ing taste levels because of higher edu­ cational levels. People increasingly want to shop iii an environment that isn't mass production. That’s what fa­ shion is all about — a more varied lifestyle.” 

(in n in g 
('arter H a n le y Hale is f a r lite b r o a d segm en t in tin m iddle to upper-m iddle income r a g n g e 
— 
7 5 p e r cent o f the over-all a du lt population 

Staying in touch with consumer pre­ ferences in variety of locations is the key to successful chain operations, 
Hawley says. In their acquisitions. 
Carter Hawley Hale “ traditionally has bought businesses w here the manage­ ments were performing well. Ideally. you leave that kind of management in place” 
Nonetheless, even at Hawley’s level. 
"you don't really have the luxury of being away from trends. You have to interplay with your division. You real­ ly can't get out of being involved with what s going on with the customers,” he says. 
Hawley, who joined The Broadway in 
1958 as a buyer of “ misses” ’ sports­ wear, is aiming now for further “ acq­ uisitions or mergers in the Midwest or 
East to broaden our geographic base.” 
He* says the company plans to expand the mail-order business of both Nei­ man-Marcus and Bergdorf Goodman and may open more Funset House outlets. 
Texas places 2nd in can recycling 

Texas came in second with four million pounds. California won the race with 5.4 million pounds. 
But the real winner in the “ cash- for-eans” recycling program, accord­ ing to officials of Adolph Coors Co., is 
America’s ecology. 
The nation’s fifth largest brewer collected 15,221,148 pounds of alumin­ um cans during the first three months of 1977, which — at an estimated 24 cans per pound — makes 365,3o7,8o3 cans recycled as of March 31. 
That totals more than 6.6 billion aluminum cans gathered since Coors began the program in 197o. 
Company officials said an increase in payment from 15 to 17 cents per pound for the containers was partially 

 the reason for the significant increase this year. 
Since January, cash payouts totaled more than $2.5 million to recyclers throughout Coors’ 13-state marketing area, making a total of more than $36 million in payouts for the program as a whole. 
Arizona ranked third in the collec­ tion race with 1.5 million pounds of cans collected while Colorado, the firm’s home state, trailed in fourth place with 1.3 million pounds. 
Coors’ recycling program accounted for nearly one-third of all aluminum recycled in America last year. 
Company officials said the program is part of Coor’s ecological and energy conservation commitment. 
Employes honored 

Cafeterias Inc. recently recognized five employes with a total of 154 years service. 

The company’s president, George H. 
Wenglein, presented engraved gold watches to John Powell with 34 years service, Annie J. Musgrove, Hulda E. 

Reid, Rose Ana Rogers ami Clara P. 
Watson, each with 3o years service. 
All except Powell, an El Paso resi­ dent, live and work in San Antonio 
Luby’s or Romana Cafeterias. 
The San Antonio firm operates Cafe­ teria, Inc. outlets throughout Texas and in Las Cruces, N.M. 

 all music....all the time 
Kl 
TV 

PM STEREO 1o2 

A dune buggy firm has changed into selling sports car bodies fo r VWs and expects $8 million in sales this year 

 and turn out annually 1,7oo to 2,ooo GT chassis, a plastic hull that trims the 
Volkswagen’s 2,ooo pounds to about 
1,5oo and gives the motorist 3o to 4o miles per gallon — better than the conventional “ bugs” will yield, says 
Courneya. 
The pair started out with ads show­ ing the GT and offered to send a bro­ 

 chure for $1 The dollar bills streamed in. That convinced them there was a good potential market, and they set out to sell 8o,ooo shares at $1 each five years ago. 
The president of a St. Paul con­ struction firm was impressed with the prototype and invested $4o,ooo. 
Courneya pushed sales by telephone, 

 but the company needed another infu­ sion of cash by 1973, and an investment firm assured them of $25o,ooo. 
Bradley 
Automotive borrowed 
$15o,ooo of that and by 1975 had it re­ paid. 
What began as an office furnished with card tables in a condemned building in Minneapolis has blossomed into an executive suite and plant in suburban Golden Valley. 
Courneya calls the Bradley model including curvaceously sloped hood and two side doors hinged at the center top an “ exciting design.” 
But, he added, “ What really makes this company run is its business atti­ tude. We don’t see ourselves running 

 all over the country. 
“ We don't try to re-invent the wheel. 
Quality control is No. I.” 
The firm sells to customers across the country — many well-to-do-with an average price tag of $5,ooo per kit. 
Its surveys show 52 per cent of the buyers earn over $2o,ooo salary a year and another 3o per cent are in the 
$1o,ooo to $2o,(HIO bracket. 
Seventy per cent are married and 65 per cent of those who buy a GT already have two cars in the family. 
Bradley Automotive has contracted much of its work but plans to handle its own production almost entirely at a new plant by July. It also is importing 
Volkswagen chassis and engines. in Mamo Nat tonal Rank 
Master Charge Is 
Much,Much More 
Than A Credit Can!... 

It s an invitation to be a customer in good standing at any of the countless stores across the USA that are 

Master Charge stores. Shopping becomes easier and more fun. And you always have a written record of 

 what you purchased and where. At the end of the month, you simply write one check in the privacy of 

 your home. You may also set up an automatic payment plan, with the choice of paying the minimum pay­ 

 ment due, fixed amount or payment of the entire balance from your Alamo National Bank checking ac­ 

 count. 

BUT THERE S M ORE . . . 
OVERDRAFT 
PROTECTION 
MASTER 
CHECKING 

Speaking of checks, the 
Alamo has another exclusive service, that goes with an 
Alamo National 
Bank Master 
Charge. Your Alamo N ational Bank checking account will never be overdrawn, as long as you have available credit in your Master Charge account, lf you accidently write a check 

 that s bigger than your balance (oops), the Alamo won t return it. They ll take the check s amount and put it on your 
Master Charge. How convenient and secure. N o more return­ ed checks, embarrassment or hassles. To err is human. To 

 not worry about it is Master Charge. 
MAJOR 
PURCHASE PLAN 

It s new and special! For you from the Alamo. Master Charge card holders can now purchase more expensive items from merchants displaying the 
Master Charge 
Major 
Purchase 
Plan sign. Buy the item you want . . . it won t affect your present Master Charge limit. W ith bank approval, you and the merchant select a fixed monthly payment suited to your needs. Then get just one bill for both Master Charges . . . and make I payment. 

Exclusively Alamo National s. Master Checking is an added plus that comes with your Alamo 
National 
Bank Master 
Charge card. It s a checkbook that enables you to write yourself an instant loan - anytime. The amount isnt taken from your checking account . . . it s put on your Master 
Charge account. Only you know you are using your Master 

Charge account. Never worry about cash again thanks to 

Master Charge and The Alamo National Bank. 

HOW TO GET YOUR 
ALAMO NATIONAL 
BANK 
MASTER CHARGE 

Call the Master Charge Center at 225-1631. Ask for Cus­ tomer Service and they will take care of the rest. It s that easy. And now is a good time, because summer vacations and travel are so much nicer with a Master Charge card. 
MERCHANTS, if you are interested in signing your business with the number one credit card plan, or in the Major Pur­ 

 chase Plan, contact Delton Rone at The Alamo National Bank 

225-1631. 

Mail To: 
The Alamo National Bank, Master Charge Dept., 
P.O. Box 9oo, San Antonio, Texas 78293 
; 

Please send me an application form for this Exclusive Alamo I 
National 
Bank Master Charge package. 
J 

N A M E __________________________________________________________________ j 

STREET __________________________ 

C IT Y _____________________________ 

ZIP 
The Alamo Na! tonal Bank 

 jr 
St. Mary’s Street at Commerce, P.O. Box 9oo, San Antonio, Texas 78293 (AC 512) 225-1631 
Member of Mercantile Texas Corporation • Member FDIC 

I Only two Americans in 
|he last three-quarters of a century achieved overnight fame and became instant heroes. One was Adm. 
^George Dewey, victor in the 
Battle of Manila Bay (May 
I, 1898). When he returned to the United States in 1899, 
;the admiral was hysterical­ l y cheered in New York, 
'Washington and elsewhere. 
Yet the hurrahs for the man who had said, “ You may fire when ready, Gridley!” subsided within a year. 

The other instant hero was 
Charles A. Lindbergh. The 
25-year-old airmail pilot was a household name to millions on 
May 21, 1927, and he became a param ount Am erican hero. 
Although he was an anti-hero to many in the years just before 
Pearl Harbor, his fame endured beyond his death in 1974. Per­ versely, it was a fame he did not seek, was never at ease with and spent vast amounts of ingenuity dodging. 

★ ★ ★ 

His wife, Anne Marrow 
Lindbergh, remembers: 

Fame is a kind af death; it separ­ ates yau front people. . . 

(Certain doors ivere opened to 
(diaries because o f his fame; so in main ways it save nim a life, lie might not otherwise have had. 

"Bv the time I met Charles, he leas a lrea d y aw are that being famous made privacy very difficult, ’ she says o f the price o f fame. 

"Every time he took o ff from an airport there Here c r o u d s ami there 
H ere reporters, and they all lean ted to know where h e u h s going. And when he landed, of coarse, ther e H as an­ other crowd. And when he went to a hotel there Here people running out and asking him for autographs. 

' Ile felt very imprisoned. He had always been extraordinarily free. Not even his father or mother had ever stopped him from doing anything. 

"After our marriage in 1929, life was terribly difficult because o f the intense publicity. In fact. all the nor­ mal things people do, we could not do. 
We couldn t shop, or go to restaurants. 
We couldn't go to the movies or the theater, ice Here recognized. Ile slopped traffic, w alking down the street. 

5oth Anniversary 
THE SHY HERO 

INSIDE 

• We've come a long way in SO years 
• San Antonians remember the flight 
• Jimmy Stewart: Lindy's my hero 
• Headlines from 5o years ago 
• Lindbergh's S A. crash 
All on Page SH 

Lucky Lindy 

 over the 

Atlantic 

 fly. 
"So. in order to be. alone, we had to 

Precisely at 6:52 a.rn., May 2o, 1927, the wheels of Lindbergh’s overladen monoplane, the Spirit of St. Louis, left the ground at Roosevelt Field on Long 
Island and headed shakily northeast. 

Some 14 hours later, NX211, with a speed of about IOO m iles an hour generated by a single 22o-horsepower engine, was somewhere over the At­ lantic. 

At Yankee Stadium , a crowd of 
4o,ooo had assembled to see Jim Ma­ loney and Jack Sharkey fight. The announcer called for silence and prayer. The entire place went quiet as everybody stood with bowed heads. All across the country, people prayed for the man alone in the fragile, silver- colored plane with its inadequate compass. 

Will lingers w rote in his daily newspaper column: “ No attem pt at 

 jokes today. A slim , tall, bashful, sm iling American boy is over the middle of the Atlantic Ocean where no lone human being has ever ventured before.” 
A drawing in the St. Louis Post-Dis­ patch by Daniel R. Fitzpatrick, which was to win a Pulitzer Prize, showed a tiny plane over a wide sea darkened by a threatening storm. 

 it it it 

To put Charles into perspective,” 
Mrs. Lindbergh recalls, 
I think it should be stressed that he was not an uncouth, inexperienced farmboy, as some accounts suggest. He had a good head start even before the flight. His parents were both college graduates. 
His father was a lawyer and a con­ gressman. His mother was a chemistry teacher. His Grandfather Land was a dentist and an inventor o f porcelain dentistry. 

As a boy, Charles had traveled from Little Tai is, Mina., to Detroit, to it ashington, to Florida and to Cali­ fornia. It is true that his education was interrupted, However, once he got into the Army Flying School at San 
Antonio, he compiled an out­ standing record and easily got a good position as a mail pilot in St. Louis. 
Like many other early fliers, he would have, even without the flight, gone to the top in c u d or military aviation." 

It’s Paris! 

Alas, 

 and it’s fame 

When 334 hours after he left New 
York, Lindbergh landed in P aris, fam e threw its cloak about him. 
Newspapers printed millions of hy­ perbolic words about the flight, about 
Lindbergh’s reception’ in Paris and about him. Within days, honors, me­ dals and receptions were pressed upon him. 
Crowned heads, including George V of Britain, who wanted most to know how the flier had relieved his bladder on the long trip, received him. The 
British m onarch’s was just the sort of common-sensical question Lindbergh liked, so he explained in some detail how his relief tube worked. 
President Coolidge arran g ed to bring Lindbergh back to the United 
States in trium ph on the cru iser 
Memphis. There were speeches in 
Washington, the presentation of the 
Medal of Honor, the bestowal of a colonelcy in the Army Air Force reserve. 
In New York he was greeted with jubilation. The first 16 pages of The 
New York Times on June 14, 1927, were devoted entirely to coverage of 
“ Lucky Lindy’s” return. 

Everyw here he went, thousands thronged to look at him with awe and admiration, to yell friendly rem arks at him, to be near him, to touch him, if possible. “ We,” his hastily written book about the flight, sold as fast as it was printed. 

To the speeches, orations and lau­ dations lavished upon him, he seemed alm ost indifferent. He sm iled, Ik* waved, he made short rem arks of becoming gratitude, and sat down. If anything, his reticence fueled the hero worship. 
What was it that made Lindbergh an 
A m erican hero of such g ig an tic proportions? He had undertaken a flight that was meticulously planned. 
He was a professional aviator, one of the country’s best, with 2,ooo air hours in his logs. He had designed the Spirit of St. Louis with an eye to the flight. 
He worked into the plane a slight instability — to lessen his chances of succumbing to drowsiness over the 
•lean. He had installed an engine of proved reliability. He had laid out his course in 1oo-mile sectors. 
He had, in brief, eliminated every calculable possibility of failure. And, of himself, he was totally and supre­ mely confident. 
Lindbergh professed puzzlement as to why he was proclaimed a hero. “ I was never a dragon-slayer,” he once said. “ I don’t think of myself as a hero. Apart from the sleep problem over the Atlantic, there was no ele­ ment of chance. It went just as I’d planned it. There was no luck, one of 

 the reasons I hate the ‘Lucky Lindy’ nicknam e.” 
The Lindbergh-hero phenomenon has beguiled a number of sociologists, including Dr. Robert K. Merton of 
Columbia University. 
“ Lindbergh above all was a sym­ bol,” he observed recently. “ In exalt­ ing him as a hen), Americans exalted and celebrated them selves, for he seemed at the time, in 1927, to bi' the personification of the esteemed qua­ lities that Americans saw in them ­ selves. 
“ Lindbergh bespoke youth, hand­ someness, daring, outward modesty, mastery over machinery. Tall, lean, he was a ama 11-town boy from tho 
Midwest, with an accent to match. He was single; he appeared to love his mother. Ile was also Anglo-Saxon. 
“ He had, moreover, perform ed a 
‘first’ and as such he was seen as a path-breaker, symbolic of the onward and upward ethos of the times. 
“ His daring, which was transformed into courage, exemplified the Ameri­ can self-image. Indeed, all his qua­ lities — unspoiled youth, good looks, mother love, a seeming simplicity — were virtues that Americans viewed as typically American. 
“ Added to this was the element of success in attaining a chosen objective by his own efforts. This is the essence of the American dream of 5o years ago.” 
As the living testimony to the reali­ zation of American values, Dr. Merton believes, 
Lindbergh was endowed with the gift of special grace, with charism a, which accounts for the insatiable Dublic appetite for know­ 

 ledge about the private aspects of his life. 
“ It also accounts for attem pts to bestow wisdom in all m atters upon him. He was often expected to be an oracle, to be the one man whose endorsement could assure the success of this or that im portant project.” 
★ ★ ★ 
Says Mrs. Lindbergh: 
A don t think Charles was, or ever wanted to he. a leader, in the sense of attracting followers, influence, popu­ larity an d a movement behind him. 
Charles never really wanted or went after an y o f these things. He had l ouses he advanced, bul usually he advanced them alone." 
★ ★ ★ 

The heart 

 of American 

 heroism 

That Lindbergh remained a hero most of his post-flight life was a reflection of his continued representa­ tion of deer) seated American values. 
His pre World War II associations with the America First Committee and with those of Nazi-tainted views de- heroized him only momentarily. Mis­ givings faded in the 195os and 196os as he emerged as a spokesman for con­ servation and environmental causes. 
W hereas another man might not have fared so w ell, L in d b erg h ’s 
“ lapse” as a non-interventionist was generally forgiven him on account of his war record as a test pilot in the 
Pacific and his subsequent exemplary behavior. 
“ He benefitted from valuational inertia,” Dr. Merlon said, "and the fact that the 1927 flight was relived for millions through his book, ’The Spirit of St. Louis,’ in 1953 and tin* subse­ quent film starring the popular and personable Jim m y Stewart. 
Right after soloing to Paris, Lind­ bergh actually enjoyed some aspects of being a hero. 
He liked being addressed as Col. 
Lindbergh; he liked th** sense of being listened to (quite unsolicited, in 1928, he sent a telegram of endorsement to 
Herbert Hoover as presidential candi­ date); he liked his freedom to fly and to talk about civil aviation; he evert liked the crowds who flocked to greet him. 
Early on, however, Lindbergh began to draw the line. He didn’t mind being looked ut from a distance, but be cam e to detest being followed into what he considered his private domain. 
He resented re p o rte rs’ personal questions. He took to wearing dis­ guises, to using lake names, to living in isolation. iv it it 
Says Mrs. Lindbergh: tin one occasion, ii hen ive went out to dinner and the theater, Charles wore a fake mustache and I put on a platinum wig. (hive I remember he tried to alter his appearance by wear­ ing Harold Lloyd glasses, empty tor­ toise-shell frames, Hut dependence on disguise leas not a normal Ivay to live." 

★ * * lie was only partly successful at keeping his freedom, even in his later years. 
Struggle as he m ight, Lindbergh spent m ost of his ad u lt life as a prisoner of fame. Exalted as a hero, he was never comfortable in its garb. It would have been out of character for him to have chosen villainy, but com­ pletely in character for him to say: 
“ I never asked to be a hero. I don’t want to be a hero, and whaps more, I never was a hero.” 

V ° (Is > 

Half and large Size fashions, 

SIZCS 38 lo 16 

Sun-sational 
Swimsuits 

See a complete floor Clock 
Selection on Sale Now 

Each Clock is is set up by Pro­ fessional Clocksmiths Follow­ ing delivery to your home at 
No Extra Cost. 

The Star This Week Has a Beautiful Face 

Here s your opportunity to purchase an 
Heirloom Clock. Dramatically encased 
Moon Face Dial - Superb Triple Chimes, 
Weight drawn movements 
From the 
Black Forest of Germany - Rich Brown 
Cherry Woods with Glass Door and 
Glass 
Sides. 
Exclusively 
Yours at 
Georgetown Manor. 

Reg. 995. 

The Savings Are Dramatic, too! 

Browsing 1-5 Sundays 
(jEORQETtWyi MAyOR 

2819 N. W. LOOP 41o at Vance Jackson 
Open Mon.-Fri. IO a.m.-9 p.m. 

Phone 3 4 ! 81o8 

Sat. IO a.m.-6 p.m. 

HBM! * . 
. . . . . . . 
... 
Sts 

NO. MAIN VV E. / MILITARY DR. PLAZA 
NORTH STAR MALL / ^ ONDER LAND 
Also in Corpus Christi .nut Houston 

Very much in tin! swim lins summer. For fun iii 

I lie sun, al the beach or the pool. Left a striking bamboo print in black/white, $33. Hight, a halter top in black, $32. 
O f nylon ami spamlex. 
From a collection of swimsuits arui beach accessories. 

Son Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday May 15 1977 

 iM M ' ' 
■ > « mmm Ii 

* Certain premium bedding not included 

 ss® 

All 4 Stores Open Monday Night ’til 9 iT fryar 

ENTIRE *28o,ooo STOCK 
OF RECLINERS, NOW 
REDUCED 1 o % TO 3 o % 

ENTIRE *172,ooo STOCK 
SLEEPERS, CORNER GROUPS 
REDUCED 1 o % TO 2 9 % 

Stratolaunger 
Save $1oo.o7! Contemporary style queen size sleeper-sofa 

 in durable Herculon" or apartment size sleeper in velvet 
Save $7o.o7! Your choice of 3 smart 

LoBack " recliners now at one low pric 

A. 
C o n te m p o ra ry style queen size sleeper sofa features a w o o d finish trim on arm s and base, ball casters in front, tufted back, a n d 
3 cushions. 
C overed in a 
Herculon plaid, the colors of black, rust, gold, and white will blend with most in­ teriors. 

A. Traditional style L o B a c k " with biscuit tufted back, kick pleat flounce and co v e r­ ed in gold H e rcu lo n ". 31 V V ’ x 3 6 ' x 2 9 " 
YOUR CHOICE 

Reg. $449.95 
$3 4 9 88 

YOUR CHOICE 

Reg. $269.95 
B. LoBack features large, room y side pocket, extra pleats. 
C overed in beige vinyl. 3 2 x 3 6 ’/2x 3 3 " 

B. 
C o n te m p o ra ry 
71 apartment size sleeper contains a full-size mattress to sleep two people in comfort. It features two loose pillow backs and reversible seat cushions for added serviceability and lon g­ lasting beauty. Upholstered in a luscious rust velvet. 

C. Transitional style covered in beige e a sy care Herculon with gracefully curved arm s 

2 9 x 3 6 x 3 1 V i ” 

ENTIRE *2o5,ooo STOCK 
SUMMER FURNITURE 
REDUCED 1 2 % TO 2 9 % 

ENTIRE *39o,oo STOCK 
OF ACCESSORIES, NOW 
REDUCED 11 % TO 5 5 % 

Save up to $2o.o7 on genuine California redwood custom-crafted outdoor furniture by Hancock s a v e up to 3>4 u . u / ! s o lid o a k a n a a s h v e n e e r rocker, m o u s ta c h e sta n d ; b ra ss p la n te r or w a ll sewing rack 
S a v e $ 1 5 . o o ! 3-pc. redw ood set. This is an intimate addition to any small- space area, m easuring 6 o " x 2 8 ' and offering am ple room at a surprisingly hard-to-beat price for your family. 

S a v e Sa ve $ 2 o . o 7 ! Play gin rummy in comfort on these 2 " cushions which are sun resistant a n d *easy to clean in reversible Sunburst G re e n vinyl. 

Sa v e $ 4 o . o 7 ! M oustache stand. Solid oak, ash and oa k veneers m ean lasting beauty. 6 7 x 1 8 x 1 5 " 

S a v e $ 3 o . o 7 ! 
Sew in g rocker. 
Rocker lends charm to that special room in your home. C a n e seats. 

S a v e 
$ 1 3 . o 7 
Brass planter or 
Brass 

 wall rack. 
Baked lacquer protective finish keeps brass bright. 
S a v e $ 2 .o 7 ! R e d w o o d bench. Use as plant stand, end bench, end or cocktail 

 table...many uses. 1o W x I 8 ". 

O u r ow n convenient credit plus M a ste r C h a rge and V I S A ” (BankAm ericard p} 

Delivery and set up at no extra charge within delivery area 

Dow ntow n 
231 I. Commerce 
227-6361 
Open 1o-6 Mon. thru Sat. except Thurs. Nile til 9 

Big M City 
S. N ew Braunfels & 
I. Southcross 534-6181 
Open 1o-9 Mon., Thurs., Fri, 
Open 1o-6 Tues., Wed., Sat. 

Broadw ay 
98o3 Broadw ay 
824-94o2 
Open 1o-9 Mon., Thurs., Fri. 
Open 1o-6 Tues., Wed., Sat. 

North Star 
San Pedro & Loop 41o 
342-2331 
Open 1o-9 Mon., Thurs., Fri. 
Open 1o-6 Tues., Wed., Sat. 

San Antonio EXPR ESS-N EW S— Sunday M ay I 5 I 977 

 p n r A" 
V JirttA 

* Certain premium bedding not included 

All 4 Stores Open Monday Night ’til 9 the Referred Collection 
Furniture from Armstrong 

ENTIRE 51,3o6,OOO STOCK 
BEDROOM FURNITURE 
REDUCED 1 o % TO 4 1 % 

ENTIRE’1,257,OOO STOCK 
OF SOFAS AND LOVESEATS 
REDUCED 1 o % TO 4 1 % 

Save 51 19.97! Splendid 5-pc. traditional style bedroom suite by Armstrong at a low, low price 

Beautiful pecan color finish suit consists of full or queen size headboard, triple dresser, 2 framed and crested twin mirrors, and a 5-drawer chest. Each piece is beautifully finished to create a rich, luxurious look in moderately priced furniture. 
The drawers are large and operate with a smooth, quiet action . . . no rocking. 
Smooth vinyl wrapped interiors give extra protection to clothes — even delicate things won’t snag. 2U " solid panels add strength, rigidity, and quality, while the pulls and pendants are specially designed to harmonize with the furniture pat­ tern. 

Save ’ 111 .92! Cozy, Colonial 4-pc. ensemble with covers of rugged Herculon® and solid wood trim 

Cozy, comfortable living room or den group is so practical to use daily with its rugged soil and stain resistant Herculon" cover in a warm beige and rust plaid fabric. The matching chair and ottoman are covered in the same durable fabric but in rust to smartly accent the group which features semi-attached buttoned backs, reversible seat cushions and box pleat skirts. The wing trim and post treatment are crafted of solid pine wood and finished in a maple color finish. In­ cludes sofa, loveseat, chair and ottoman. Not at North Star. 

5-pc. group 
Reg. $519.85 
4-pc. group 
Reg. $889.8o 

Night Stand Optional at $79.88 

ENTIRE ’328,ooo STOCK 
OF SEALY BEDDING’", NOW 
REDUCED 1 6 % TO 2 1 % 
(* Posturepedic not included) 

ENTIRE ’748,ooo STOCK 
OF LIVING ROOM TABLES 
REDUCED 1 2 % TO 5 7 % 

 m u m 

Save MO.o7 to ’2o.o7! Your choice of smart, versatile occasional tables by Casard 

Four tasteful pieces in this collection add up to the beautiful simplicity of the 

Parson’s design. Finished in a light hickory color finish, these tables will look 

 right at home in almost any surroundings. Cocktail table measures 48x2ox15” , 

 the end table is 28x2ox19 ”, the square cocktail table measures 36x36x15” 

 and the charming sofa table is 54x16x26” . 

Save up to $5o.o7! Sealy Posture Form bedding now offered for the first time ever at these low prices 

Twin size reg. $69.95 ea. pc 
W e ’ve got truck loads of famous Sealy quality mat­ tresses and foundations. Now specially priced to give you more comfort and more restful sleep at a price you can well afford. Medium firm and luxury quilted styling. Get yours today. An exceptional value! 

Reg. $49.95 to $59.95 
YO U R CHO ICE 
Queen size, reg. $249.95 set 

Our own convenient credit plus Master Charge 13 and V IS A " (BankAm ericardR) 

Delivery and set-up at no extra charge within delivery area arotkin’s 

Broadw ay 
98o3 Broadw ay 
824 -9 4 o2 
Open 1o-9 Mon., Thurs., Tri. 
Open 1o-6 Tues., Wed., Sat. 

Big M City 
S. N o w Braunfels & 
# 
I. Southerns 534-6181 
Open 1o-9 Mon., Thurs., Tri. 
Open 1o-6 Tues., Wed., Sat. 

North Star 
San Pedro A Loop 41 o 
342-2331 
Open 1o-9 Mon., Thurs., Fri. 
Open 1o-6 Tues., Wed., Sat. 

D ow ntow n 
231 E. Comm erce 
227-6361 
Open 1o-6 Mon. thru Sat. except Thurs. Kite till 9:oo 

Look out, State Bar, they ’re going to get you 

ASSOCIATED PRESS 

AUSTIN — As it looks down the walls of its castle, the 
State Bar of Texas finds en­ emies crawling up on every side. 
Some it already has repelled, but others are close to the parapets. 
Item: The bar has gone before a state appeals court in an effort to block a lower court order that a law graduate be allowed to take the bar examination even though he once had a felony conviction against him. 
Item: A Beaumont lawyer has the b a r in sta te d is t r ic t c o u rt h ere defending against his allegation the 

DAVIS GRANT 

 bar cannot enforce any of its rules because it failed to file them with the Texas Register, as required by law. 
Item : The fed eral E q u a l E m ­ ployment Opportunity Commission in San Antonio is investigating al­ legations the bar has only one black among the HO employes in its state headquarters. 
Item: Some legislators have tried to put the bar under the appropria­ tions process together with most of the other state agencies. 
Item: Some legislators have tried to m ake m e m b ersh ip in the b ar voluntary. 
Item: Some legislators want to permit persons convicted of felonies 
— including lawyers — to qualify for relicensing by the state. 
Item . 
A pow erful s e n a to r req u ested an atto rn ey g e n e r a l’s opinion five m o n th s ago on the legality of a $4 million mortgage on the new state bar headquarters. 
THE MAIN PROBLEM, says the b ar’s in-house gadfly, Joe 
Longley, is that the bar wants to be both fish and fowl. 
He says it w ants to be a sta te agency when that serves its p u r­ pose, but when others w ant it to behave in the m a n n er of a state agency and obey the law s o th er state agencies must obey, it claims a special status as a “ public cor­ poration.” 
Longley, former head of the the attorney general’s consum er pro­ tection division, now' serves on the b ar’s board of directors. 
When the bar wants to avoid ad valorem taxes or put its employes in the state employe retirem ent sys­ tem or claim g o v e rn m e n ta l im ­ m unity in lawsuits, it says it’s a state agency, Longley said. 
But when the bar m ortgaged its new' $6 million building, it said the constitutional prohibition against 

I 

 i f you just hold still, that is . . . 

 extension of the state’s credit does not apply to the b ar asso ciatio n because it has special sta tu s , he said. 
And after it worked for more than 
2o years to win passage of the Ad­ ministrative Procedure and Texas 
Register Aet, it then declined to file its own ru les w ith th e T exas 
Register. The bar argued that the act exempts the courts, and that it is an arm of the courts. Also, it doesn’t make rules or hear contest­ ed cases, it said. 
BUT THE 
BEAUMONT lawyer, Foster C. Wilson, says the bar does m ake rules, and a g rie­ vance committee procedure against him is a contested case. 
The law graduate, Glen E lm er 
Van Slyke III of Houston, w ill file an additional brief citin g the b a r ’s failure to comply with the adm inis­ trative procedure act, says his a t­ torney, Arthur Mitchell. 
Van Slyke was convicted in 1971 of insulting the U.S. flag at an anti- 
Vietnam war dem onstration. The c o u rt gave him an e ig h t- y e a r probated sentence. The 1925 law that made such an act a felony of­ fense was replaced in 1973 with a 
“ desecration of venerated object” law, a misdemeanor. 
Van Slyke finished law school and sought re h a b ilita tio n u n d e r the sa m e sta tu te that fo rm e r T exas 
House Speaker Gus M utscher used to wipe a conspiracy-to-accept-a- bribe conviction off his record so he could accept an a p p o in tm e n t as county judge in Brenham. 
T he S tate B oard of Law E x ­ am iners unanimously ag reed Van 
Slyke could take the bar exam. But to be sure, it filed suit for a declar­ atory ju d g m en t in s ta te d is tric t 

 i 

 court. 
The bar intervened. Ju d g e H er­ man Jones ruled for Van Slyke. The bar appealed. 
BUT THE BAR’S own Indivi­ dual R ights and R esponsibilities 
Section, made up of approximately 
3oo Texas lawyers, filed a brief in the 3rd Court of Civil Appeals that argued against the b a r’s position. 
The bar has asked the court to ig­ nore that brief. The court heard oral argum ents in the case April 27. 
Bill Lalla, director of the Texas 
Register division of the secretary of state’s office, says the bar is “ run­ ning a terrible risk” by declining to file its rules with the Texas Regis­ ter. The act says no rule can be enforced after Jan. I, 1976, if it has n (I been filed. 
As the driving force behind en ­ actment of the law, the bar helped 
Lalla explain it at a workshop in 
S ep te m b e r 1975, Lalla sa id , but when he invited the bar to send a r e p r e s e n ta tiv e to one of the 12 orientation sessions that followed, the bar ignored him. 
The bar beat back legislative at­ te m p ts to m ak e m e m b e r s h ip voluntary and to put it in the a p ­ propriations process. 
And it got Sen. Chet Brooks, D- 
P a s a d e n a , to e x e m p t th e leg al profession from a bill allowing ex­ felons to be relicensed in their oc­ cupations. 
HOUST SPONSOR OF THE 
BILL, Rep. Jerry Benedict, D-Ang- leton, disagrees with Brooks. “ No one sh o u ld be e x e m p te d ,” sa id 
Benedict, himself a lawyer. But he concedes it is too late in the session to get the lawyers back in the bill. 
“ I just went round and round with 

Davis Grant, bar general counsel,” 
Benedict said. 
The 
U.S. 
Su­ preme Court in 1957 held denial of a state license must have “ some ra ­ tional relationship to the job you will perform,” Benedict said. 
All he wants the bar and the law examiners board to do, he said, is com e up w ith r e a s o n a b le guidelines. If an 18-yearold boy commits a felony and 2o years later has been fully re h a b ilita te d , he should not be automatically exclud­ ed from the legal profession, Ben­ edict said. 
Grant, the b a r’s counsel, said, 
“ W e’ve been accu sed of sa y in g we’re special. Well, lawyers ARE sp ecial. 
We have a high responsibility. We have a fiduciary 
(tru stin g ) re la tio n sh ip with ou r c lie n ts .” A c l ie n t’s “ life an d p ro p erty ” often a re at sta k e, he said. 
BUT WHAT of d o cto rs? 
C o u ld n ’t the s a m e a rg u m e n t be made to exclude them from the act? 
“ T h ey ’ll have to do th e ir own talking,” Grant laughed. 
“ Theyl have to do their own talk­ ing,” Grant laughed. 
Sen. A. R. “ Babe” Schwartz, D- 
Galveston, chairman of the Senate 
Jurisprudence C om m ittee, asked the attorney general last Dec. 13 for an opinion on whether the bar could mortgage land, as Longley charges it did with the new s ta te h e a d ­ quarters. 
Attorney general opinions dating all the way back to the 1939 act creating the bar have held it is a s ta te agency. 
W hen the b a r proposed to b u ild th e new headquarters, it first asked Atty. 
Gen. John Hill if it could mortgage the land, then amended the request to omit that question. 
Hill’s opinion said the bar could use current bar dues and private co n trib u tio n s to pay for th e 

 building. He noted, “ You have not proposed a m o rtg a g e of s ta te property.” After receiving H ill’s opinion, L ongley sa y s, th e b a r proceeded to mortgage the proper­ ty. 
Grant now argues the bar had the right to mortgage the property. He has filed a brief with Hill s office in support of an affirmative answer to 
Schwartz’ question. 
The 1939 law gave the b a r the power to do anything it wants to do in handling its own affairs in c a r­ rying out the purposes of the act, 
Grant says. 

The act, “ in effect, c re a te d a 
‘public corporation’ or an ‘indepen­ dent agency’ clothed with corporate powers,” he says. 
“ An encumbrance or mortgage is not a debt,” he says. "A mortgage is merely a contract securing an obligation or debt.” 
He cited a 1953 letter from the man who made a large contribution for the construction of the first bar headquarters. Ben F. Vaughan said in the letter that a sign identifying the building as belonging to the bar should be above the front door to 
“ d istin g u ish it from a b u ild in g belonging to the state governm ent or someone else.” 

Grant conceded this did not con­ stitu te “ legal p re c e d e n t,” but it 
“ does illustrate the view held by most parties at that time as to the nature of the State Bar of Texas. ” 
The legislature’s silence all these years on the b a r’s handling of its own affairs should be considered. he said. He quoted Oliver Wendell 
Holmes as saying, “ A page of his­ tory is worth a volume of logic.” 

The bar board of directors voted authorization to file a suit for de­ claratory ju d g m en t on the issue, but the suit has not been filed. 

Potpourri 

People (iud Politics 

San Antonio E X P R E SS-N EW S— Sunday M a y 15 
The high flying lav f m aker 

STATE Rep. 
JIM NOWLIN, the 
Bexar County Republican P arty ’s con­ tribution to the Texas legislature, is really and literally up in the air . . . 
JIM , a lawyer by vocation and a politician by avocation, is taking flying lessons when he isn’t lawyering or legislating . . . with the current session going into its closing days, he’s legis- 
Power 
Players 

M ort T S a n d shakers 
Political am bition abounds on 
East Side 

THE next District 57E state repre­ sentative race will have a crowded field, it now appears . . . some East 
S id ers feel th a t S ta te R ep. LOU 
NELLE SUTTON, who s u p p o rte d 
CHARLES WILLIAMS in his unsuc­ cessful bid against JOE WEBB for City 
Councilman from District 2, is vulner­ able . . . a host of names are cropping up as potential candidates for the state re p post, am o n g th e m th a t of AL- 
FREDO COY, who ran a strong race in the council hustings and then threw his sup))ort behind WEBB in the city run­ off election . . . 

DIDN’T Sheriff BILL HAUCK want a 
$5,ooo a year salary hike for taking the county jail back from County Com ­ missioners Court? . . . that would be find, if the sheriff had only agreed to a 
$5,ooo salary cut when Commissioners 
Court took over the jail from him . . . 

T H E R E ’S still hope for City Coun­ cilman HENRY CISNEROS to make it big on the current City Council. . . if he could persuade the council to go for a deputy mayor pro tem and further persuade it he’s the m an for that job, he could act as mayor when both the mayor and mayor pro tem are out of town . . . might require a charter change, but charter changes are ine­ vitable. .. Dallas’ City Council has a deputy mayor pro tem . . . 

IT turns out that JAMES FALLOWS got quite a promotion when he went from a contributing w riter to Texas 
Monthly to chief speech w riter for the 
P re s id e n t. . . FALLOWS draws dew n 
$42,ooo in his new position, a little higher scale than Texas Monthly pays . 
. . but he’s still not doing as well as the 
P r e s i d e n t ’s c o u sin , 
HUGH 
A. 
CARTER Jr., who at 34 is special assistant for administration at $51,ooo p er y e a r . . . N ep o tism has been 
.defined as putting one’s grandm other on the payroll for th e good of the country . . . 

Around 
Town 

Watch the neusniakers 

 luting most of the tim e . . . NOWLIN has been taking lessons for a private license, getting most of his time in during the early morning hours . . . he’s already soloed in a single-engine 
C essna, but hasn ’t done any cross­ country flying as yet . . . 

NOWLIN, by the way, is one of the few politicos who remains unconvinced that U.S. Rep. BOB KRUEGER will in fact gamble away his relatively safe 
House seat on chancy battle for the U.S. 
Senate .' . . KRUEGER, if he goes for U. S. Sen 
JOHN TOWER’S seat, will be returned to private life, NOW­ 
LIN believes . . . 

The labor negotiator for the San 
Antonio Police Officers Assn., JOHN 
BURPO, could perhaps give some advice to all those judges who have wrestled with a definition of porno­ graphy . . . explaining to city negotia­ tors his concept of good faith bargain­ ing, he said: “ It s like pornography . . . hard to explain but you know it when you see it” . . . 

CITY ATTY. JIM PARKER giving newly-elected City Council m e m b e rs the straight poop on what they can and cannot do in closed sessions . . . some who campaigned so openly seem bent on trying to sneak som ething through without the glare of publicity. .. 

COUNCILMAN RUDY ORTIZ w ant­ ing m o re secu re offices for council m em bers . . . he’s mentioned he’s con­ cerned that the letter of “ resignation” th a t co llea g u e HENRY CISNEROS w rote back when he was steam ing over the mayor pro tem issue was reported stolen . . . 

TH ER E’S no selective discrimination at City Hall, at least not as the e m ­ p lo y es see it . . . re s p o n d in g to a q u estio n n a ire from City Mgr. TOM 
H UEBNER, the vast m ajo rity feels p ro m o tio n p r a c tic e s d is c r i m in a te against them, including ANGLOS . . . 
“ The problem is with the s y s te m ,” says TOM . . . 

WHAT GIVES with HENRY C? and the proposed settlement with COAS­ 
TAL STATES GAS CORP? . . . he was fanning the fires all week about backs­ liding on the part of Coastal and taking som e sw ipes at Mayor LILA COCK­ 
RELL in the process . . . CISNEROS saying he’s disturbed about rum ors out of H ouston . . . LILA c o u n te rin g : 
“ There’s very little word from Houston that is disturbing . . . the ru m o rs are local.” Houston, of course, being the h ea d q u a rte rs site of Coastal and Lo- 
Vaca Gathering Co., its subsidiary and gas supplier to San Antonio . . . 

COUNCILMEN JOE WEBB and ve­ teran GLEN HARTMAN getting to be really good buddies . . . w hich could strengthen HARTMAN’S already sub­ stantial position as a council direction 

The jo ys o f candidacy 

Nelson Wolff, w ho’s no stranger to political campaigns, finds he’s got a whole new set of laws to be careful about now that he’s an announced candidate for Democratic nomination in the 21st 
Congressional District. The post-Watergate reform atmosphere, while solving a few problems, creates a few others for potential 

 candidates who must scurry to law books to figure out just exactly what they’re supposed to do. W olff has served terms in the Texas 
House and Texas Senate and lost out to Bob Krueger in the last congressional race — Staff Photo by Pat Hamilton 
Massey’s mulling it over 

 giver. . . WEBB, the only black on the 
Council,shapes up as a sw ing vote on some issues . . . 

DISTRICT Judge PEPPY DIAL, who is holding forth at tim e s in County 
C om rnis s ion ers C o u rtro o m , d riv in g some of the county dads’ secretaries up the wall with his whistling . . . seems they can’t recognize the ju d g e’s tu n e s.. 
. anyway, they’re calling him the w his­ tling judge, which is better than being called the hanging ju d g e . . . 

AND DAVID GARZA, who has been se rv in g as s e c re ta ry at D e m o c ra tic 
Headquarters, off for a six-w eeks tour of 
Europe following his graduation from 
St. M ary ’s U niversity . . . his folks also presented him with a new car . . . it proves the importance of an educa­ tion in today’s world . . . 

W H A TEVER H A P P E N E D to the proposed central mailing room system for B ex ar County C o u rth o u se . . . . someone said, at the time, it would save about $3o,11oo a year in taxpayer money to set up a central s y s te m ___ 

TEXAS NA ACP P re s id e n t A. C. 
SUTTON not too happy about the lack of blacks serving as district court attaches 
. . . lack of blacks assigned to the courts was long a complaint of A. C.’S brother, the late State Rep. G. J. SUTTON . . . 

PARTIES: DA BILL WHITE using that tim e-honored “ n eighborhood” party idea to build up his visibility in 
Bexar County, toute suite . . . after all, he has to be p re p a re d to run for 

SUGGESTED candidates for City 
Councilman GLEN HARTMAN’S ad­ v iso ry co u n cil: 
VAN 
HENRY 
ARCHER JR. and 
JIM DEMENT, two of the ca n d id a tes ag a in st the councilman in the last city elections . . 
. they would give GLEN the oppon­ en ts’ view to balance the advisory council m e m b e rs who agree with 
HARTMAN . . . 

 election on his own next year, no? . . . the next one will be in MacArthur Park in a couple of weeks . . . the first one was down south at Casa Grande Party 
House . . . and his staff is on hand, too 
. . . so at least the public gets to see who’s working so hard to protect them in the courts . . . 

VISIBILITY: P erh ap s the special crim es section in the DA’s office de­ serves a little plug . . . no one was really told its work is partly respon­ sible for putting together that auto theft ring picture that blew into court last week . . . and that’s a long, hard job . . . And don’t forget, it was federal crim e control dollars that breathed life into the special crim es unit the DA operates . . . Uncle Sam is good for something . . . 

STATE Rep 
DON CARTWRIGHT shouldn’t expect a lot of support in his next political outing from the San 
Antonio b rew eries or the brew ery workers union . . . in a procedural vote, 
CARTWRIGHT voted for the Coors and Millers interests and against the 
Pearl and Lone Star interests . . . Coors 

 and Millers are out-of-state breweries, while Pearl and Lone Star are San 
Antonio concerns . . . the actual vote was on a move to force the Liquor 
Regulations Committee to send to’the 
House floor a bill allowing seven and 
16-ounce beer containers to be sold 

CARTWRIGHT might be interested to know that 
GEORGE EICHLER, se c re ta ry -tre a su re r of the brew ery union and former president of the San 
Antonio AFL-CIO Council, is a voting resident of DON’S district . . . 

EAST Side politico T. C. CALVERT has discarded his Afro hair cut in favor of a more conventional hair do . . . 
TOMMY lost a couple of inches in height in the change-over, but he’s still a big man . . . 

GEORGE BIGLEY reporting some people are trying to talk him out of running for governor . . . they may be good friends of 
GEORGE’S after all, he didn’t exactly set the world on fire in his April race for the City 
Council, coming in eighth in field of nine with a grand total of 363 votes out of 113,796 c a s t . . . 

Boiler 
Room 
Ca rn pa ign in i seel la nett 

ANOTHER potential candidate for the 21st congressional seat su rfacin g .. 
. latest reportedly interested in m ak­ ing a congressional run is State Rep. 
TOM M ASSEY, c h a irm a n of the 
House Education Committee . . . he’s from San Angelo . . . 

F O R M E R S ta te Sen. 
NELSON 
WOLFF, who will formally announce for U. S. Representative from District 
21 shortly after Congressman 
BOB 
KRUEGER m ak es it official h e ’s running for the U. S. Senate, will address the Bexar County Democratic 
Executive Committee Wednesday . . . it’s all part of County D em ocratic 
Chairman PETERS’ continuing pro­ g ram to present D em ocrats in the news . . . that is the meeting at which 
Mrs. PETERS will hold the drawing for the $1oo money that she and other party m e m b e rs have been selling chances on . . . 

Was Lindy afraid? 
Was he nervous? What was he thinking when his tiny plane lifted off and he was completely alone? 
Did he think about turn­ ing back? 
Lindbergh recorded his thoughts and actions in a log, excerpts of which will be published every day during the coming week in The News. 
“ This is the moment 
I’ve planned for,’’ he writes in Monday’s edi­ tions. Follow Lindbergh's exploits — in his own words — in The News. 

SAN ANTONIO EVENING NEWS 

SAM ANTONIOS OM.* HOM*-o WWD APTCKMON I M W A f d 
HOME] 
E D I T I O N 

L A R G E S T A F T E R N O O N H O M E - D E L I V E R E D C I R C U L A T I O N IN S A N AN TONI O 

W H I H I ! \ N O SSS 
SAN ANTONIO TI A a s NATI ROAT. MAT t i . ITT; - R I C H T C O f A U W t i i n t r • a w j n t s r v s * 
THOUSANDS GATHER TO GREET 
LINDBERGH AS HE NEARS PARIS 

Program to Stop Alleged San Antonio River Pollution Agreed On in Parley 

SUTT BOARD OF HEALTH 
[L O N E A M E R IC A N A V I A T O R N E A R S G O M I o m Q A iJ '' 
REfOMMFNDATION IN SEWER 
,- - - - - - - - - - - ;- - - - - - - - 
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - REPORTED OVES GOUEEN M 

O T E Y TO BE CARRIED OUT ! 
. J 
— ' T - 
IRELAND OLI ABOUT >P I 

I ***** -» .*• 
W**’l o irk 

V *., I ram** ( 
) t t 4 f i rf* ai i *•»**#•* $ * •* # » t« S«i«* Srfwtfteft. 

^aitk« ('«M> a1 rf MMM ti**! taw ft* w* * tm f » W I* 
I MHM $*tm * 4 WM* 
I m Rf*Mf AR $ 'MMM* » # 
Im ^ ImrMwwwiW !Arm 

 rn riH p fiA tim u 

'K VETO N IS 

BEAUTY SPOT SECDAYISFLAYS ARMY AIR 

Of UNW ISE FORCECRmfS; MANEUVERS 

. . . . . . . . . - 
SHOWING SPLENDID. HE SAYS J 

SEH REASON 
FOK REMOVAL 
OF P R U M 

Ult COMMISSION LINDBERGH TRULY MASTER 

OF OWN SOUL AS HE WINGS I L mwmm EASTWARDASffoRLD WAITS ■ 
- ; 

GODSENT MIRACLE ASSERTS 

MOTHER OF LINDBERGH TOED 

RYER HAS CROSSED CHANNEL 

Ha MUKHIN 
MAHAM 
; o * n v ’/: v ' 
, . 

PA R IS' F1NFST 
AWAfTS R Y E R 

MOODY WILL NOT i-.L. \ w 

TARE COGNIZANCE 
.lr 
OF ROAD MEETING : v :.'; ... 

Lucky 
Lindy’s exploits and his amazing achievem ent m ade headlines around the world, including in San 
Antonio, where the Evening 
News bannered the story 

 jFAIRYLAND WITH QUEEN. ELFIN AND r - -: 
“ nT® ^ tiny fairies rn bf depict® * 
"‘"I 
S l BLAST 
TO HELP MLI AND KI FMD 

Man’s machines have pro­ gressed much farther than 
Charles Lindbergh expected ft) years ago. 

Shortly after his momentous flight. 
Lindbergh wrote: “The year will sure­ ly come when passengers and mail will fly every day from America to Europe 
. . . Possibly everyone will travel by air in another 5o years.” 
He was projecting m an’s accom ­ plishments to the year 1977 at a time when it had been considered impossi­ ble for someone to cross the Atlantic solo non-stop. 
Now it is commonplace for men to walk on the moon or for spaceships to land on Mars. 
John Glenn, the first American to 

T om need a catalyst to start a n y th in g . That's what Lindbergh's flight did' 

 orbit the Earth, said Lindbergh's flight 
“triggered aviation to what followed — intercontinental travel and the space program. 
“You need a catalyst to start any­ thing. That’s what Lindbergh’s flight did.” 
It took Lindbergh 33% hours to fly from New York to Paris. The Concorde 
SST does it in 3% hours. Glenn circled the world in his Mercury-Friendship 7 about 9o minutes after liftoff from 
Cape Canaveral, Fla. in 1962. 

Lindy: 7 would rather have birds9 

'L u c k y I Ju d y ’s 
S.A. air crash 

ON THAT DAY, word came that 
Nungesser and Coli had taken off from 
Le Bourget. The plane was reported sighted over Ireland, Newfoundland and Portland, Maine. All reports were groundless. When it was obvious that the two had exhausted their fuel, they were given up for lost. 
Lindbergh was to spend the rest of his life seeking refuge from hero wor­ ship and the publicity surrounding the kidnap-murder of his son. But he never forgot what he set out to do that day in 
May 5o years ago. 
He made goodwill flights to 75 cities in 48 states and Latin American to promote aviation. As a consultant to commercial airlines, he laid out tran­ satlantic and transcontinental and 
Carribbean air routes. But as much as he loved aviation, he also had an in­ terest in conservation. Even as he flew across the Atlantic in 1927 he looked ahead with dread to “ m illions of planes flying around overhead. I love the sky’s unbroken solitude,” he mused. “ I don’t like to think of it cluttered up by aircraft, as roads are cluttered up by cars.” 
In later years, when conservation became a chief concern, he remarked, 
“If I had to choose, I would rather have birds than airplanes.” 

TH R O N G S of N ew Y o rk ers turned out for a ticker ta p e p a ra d e in Lindbergh’s honor 
ATLANTIC & PACIFIC INC. PHOTO 

“ Lucky Lindy,” many people would say when Charles A. 
Lindbergh landed in Paris May 
21, 1927, after a nearly 41-hour solo transatlantic flight to 
Paris. 
But only a few actually knew where 
Lindbergh had earned, the nickna­ me “ Lucky.” 
Many San Antonians remembered a 
23-year-old Lindbergh parachuting to safety from a mid-air collision near 
Kelly AFB March 6, 1925, just two years before the historic flight. 
At the tim e, Lindbergh was a slender, boyish-looking cadet in the 
Army Air Corps Advanced Flying 
School at Kelly Field, now Kelly AFB. 
Two years earlier he had applied for the Army flying school and in 1924, reported for training at Brooks F ield, earning his wings at Kelly Field in 
March 1925. 
Nine days before graduation, how­ ever, Lindbergh had a near-fatal brush with death when his airplane and an­ other locked together in mid-air. 

THE 
NARROW 
ESCAPE. during a mock attack mission above a blanket of clouds, was recorded on paper by Lindbergh. 
In his report, Lindbergh said he, Ll. 
C. D. McAllister and Cadet Philip Love were flying a three-plane formation with Lindbergh on the left and Love leading. 
“I passed by the D.H. (airplane) and a moment later felt a slight jolt fol­ lowed by a crash,” Lindbergh related in a three-page handwritten report. 

“ My head was thrown against the cowling, and the plane seemed to shift position and hang nearly motionless for an instant. 
“ I closed the throttle and saw Lt. 
McAllister in his S.E. 5 on my left. He was apparently unhurt and getting ready to jump. 

“ Our planes were locked together with their fuselages approximately parallel. Mv right wing was damaged and folded back slightly, covering the forward right-hand corner of the cock­ pit. 

“THEN THE WIRES began to whistle, the ships started milling ar­ ound, the damaged wing commenced vibrating and striking my head at the bottom of each oscillation.’ 

“I removed the rubber band safety from the belt, unbuckled it, climbed out past the trailing edge of the da­ maged wing and, with my feet on the cowling on the' right side of the cockpit which was then in a nearly vertical position, I jumped backward from the ship as far as possible." 

Lindbergh then told of seeing the locked ships crash and burn in mes­ quite bush as he drifted down. 

He reported he landed safely on plowed ground, but found he had lost if i vi t 
* 

Charles Lindbergh’s love of aviation began at an early age. 

Lindbergh first glimpsed a flying machine from the upper floor of his parent’s two-story Minnesota farm­ house. 
With his imagination sparked, he rushed to tell his mother about the biplane, and his wish to fly in one. 
But his mother burst his bubble with a homespun description of the perils of 

 the rickety machines. Born in Detroit, 
Mich., Feb. 4, 19o2, he grew up in Lit­ tle Falls, Minn., and worked on the family farm during World War I before entering the University of Wisconsin in 
192o to study mechanical engineering. 
When he was 2o, his wish to fly was reborn. 

HE WENT TO Lincoln, Neb., to take flying lessons, and later barn­ stormed the Midwest. 

In March 1924 he attended the Army 
Flying School at San Antonio and was graduated top man in his class of 18. 
He was commissioned a second lieu­ tenant in the Air Service Reserve in 
1925. 
His interest in flying was a sign of the times. 
Transatlantic flight activity had been heating up in the United States, 
Britain and France, just as the space race between the United States and the 
Soviet Union would later. It was fueled in part by a $25,ooo offer by Raymond 
Orteig for anyone who could fly non­ stop between New York and Paris. 
Pilots such as Capt. Charles Nun­ gesser, a World War I ace, and Lt. 
Francois Coli, a one-eyed airman; 
Capt. Rene Fonck; Cmdr. Richard E. 
Byrd, the polar flier; Clarence D. 
Cham berlin and Bert Acosta; Lt. 
Cmdr. Noel Davis and Lt. Stanton H. 
Wooster were among those who de­ clared their intentions to make the run. 
Six were to die trying, two only IO days before Lindbergh left San Diego for St. Louis and New York. 

 his goggles, a vest pocket camera and the rip cord to his parachute. 

A few minutes later, one of the in­ structors landed in the field and asked 
Lindbergh if he wanted to fly back or go by car. 

“Captain, I’d rather fly back — if you have another parachute,” Lind­ bergh replied. 

Lindbergh was one of 18 cadets to graduate from the Advanced School at 
Kelly March 14, 1925. He had entered the school on Sept. 12, 1924, along with 
1o4 other classmates. 

Kelly Field noted the class 4A, which 
Lindbergh was in, was the first class in the school’s history to be graduated from Kelly Field without a single fa­ tality. 
They remember 

After graduation and his commission in the reserve, Lindbergh left San An­ tonio to take a job with Robertson Air­ craft Corp. of St. Louis, flying the air mail route between St. Louis and Chi­ cago. 
Stewart: H e’s my hero 

By V IC K IE D AV ID SO N 
Screen star Jimmy Stewart has been the halo-bound hero to thousands. But for Jimmy Stewart there’s been only one hero — Charles Lindbergh. 
“He’s always been my hero and will be forever,” said 
Stewart in San pj.#* 
Antonio last week. rn:; 
“ I think he’s pr one of the grea- 
& J p \ 
.•* 
'< "-I people this 
% country ever y ip produced. 
Stewart met 
Lindbergh when 
| | h he was playing 
Jk the aviation mm ti •* 
J SKP hero in “The Spirit of St. Louis.” 
The movie, dealing with Lindbergh’s historic transatlantic flig h t, was released in 1957 — 3o years after 
Lindbergh’s flight. 
Stewart, who was in San Antonio last week to attend the 6th International 
Hunters’ and Fishermen’s Conserva­ tion Conference, said he adm ired 
Lindbergh for what he did and the way he felt about his mission in life. 
“I think he made a tremendous con­ tribution in life —■ to flying and to wild life conservation,’’ explained the 
68-year-old movie star. 
Stewart, who is active in the wild life preservation movement, saidLindbergh understood man’s relation to nature and his environment. 
B esides, added the gray-haired 
Stewart, “ There’s no question he started aviation as a field.” t 

By SARA MARTINEZ 
“It electrified the nation,” one San 
Antonian says. Others remember it 
“ as simply a grand proposition,” a 
“ miracle” and a “wonderful feat.” 
On the eve of the 5oth anniversary of 
Charles A. Lindbergh’s solo flight across the Atlantic aboard the “Spirit of St. Louis,” several San Antonians reflected on the historic event. 
. “ I thought it was simply a grand proposition,” said Mayor Emeritus W. 
W. McAllister Sr. “But I can’t say I had the imagination to envision what has transpired since. 
“I could not imagine we would have transportation across the ocean in a few hours within such a short tim e,” 
McAllister said. 
Dan Quill, postmaster at the time of the flight, met Lindbergh several times while he was training at Kelly 
Field. 

“ HE WAS AN above average person. He struck me as being a really independent individual,” Quill said. 
“ Nobody thought he was going to make it. But I thought he had a lot of courage and it anyone was going to make it, it would be Lindbergh,” Quill said. 
Joe Sheldon, the dean of Bexar 
County Republicans, also doubted 
Lindbergh would make it to Paris: “I was in great doubt and was fairly sur­ prised when he made it.” 
One San Antonian, Gen. W illiam 
Simpson, USA Ret., did have faith 
Lindbergh would make it. 
“Well, I did not know too much about it at the time, but I did think he would make it,” Simpson said. “And I knew it would open the door for further de­ velopment.” 
Simpson, however, was “surprised at the rapidity of aviation’s develop­ ment. In World War I, we didn’t even have planes. We had to borrow them from the British and the French.” 

Farmer Dist. Judge Walter Lough- ridge was living in San Antonio at the time of the flight. “ It was great ex­ citement for everybody here that so­ meone had made it. 
“ I have flown across the Atlantic about eight tim es,” Loughridge said. 
“And I always think of him — every* time I fly.” 

LINDBERGH’S FLIGHT not only accelerated interest in aviation around the world, but was “certainly a piece in the jigsaw puzzle which led to the space program ,” said Michael 
Collins, com m ander of Apollo XI, which took Neil Armstrong and Edwin 
Aldrin to man’s first steps on the moon on July 2o, 1969. 
Collins, now director of the Smith­ sonian Institution’s National Air and 
Space Museum, said it is difficult to determine whether the Apollo ll on display is as popular with visitors as 

Boyish but confident, Lindbergh bravely lifted off at 6:52 a.m. the morning of M ay 2o, 1927 as a photographer captured this historic photo. A small crowd of curious and wellwishers was left behind in a cloud o f dust. 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEW S— Sunday M ay 15 1977 
* 

We’ve come a long way in 5o years 

“The Spirit of St. Louis.” 
“But when people see ‘The Spirit of 
St. Louis,’ they see Lindbergh flying that plane. Apollo ll looks like a lump on the floor.” 
Lindbergh’s plane hangs from the ceiling in perpetual flight. Its fabric body is covered with uneven paint; the radial engine with exposed m etal cylinders shows its age; the makeshift cockpit requires a periscope for for­ ward vision; the right cowling boasts the flags of countries it visited during a Latin American tour. 
“ I don’t see any headlines when I look at it,” Collins said. “I see a small plane with a gas tank where the wind­ shield should be. 

“ I ALWAYS THOUGHT the most popular exhibit would be the 
Wright Flyer or the Apollo X; The first departure on this planet and the first landing on another planet. 
There were people who flew the At­ lantic before Lindbergh, and there were people who flew' solo just after him, 
“Maybe the Wright Brothers flew too long ago — a good number of people alive today remember Lindbergh’s flight. Or maybe it’s that there were two of them. But there’s a personal component to Lindbergh’s flight that s simply not there in any of the first flights or in the moon flights.” 

May 15 19 77 

 ru t m n d a y 
EXPRESS NEWS 
E d it o r ia l s 

James P. Dolan 
Sunday Editor 

Charles O. Kilpatrick 
Editor and Publisher 
William J. Reddell 
Editor of the Editorial Page 
Energy policy votes stacked 

It is no surprise that the U.S. 
House Commerce Committee is keeping its preconceived ideas about price controls on the pe­ troleum industry carefully pro­ tected against the prospect of intervention of competing pro­ posals. 
U.. S. Rep. Harley Staggers, the chairm an, and Rep. John 
D ingel I, chairman of the energy subcom m ittee, en larg ed the subcom m ittee and stack ed it against Rep. Bob Krueger, who was a part of the enlarging membership. 
Krueger, of Texas’ 21st Dis­ trict, came within four votes oi lifting price controls under a phased schedule last session. 

The m aneuver, w hich trapped Staggers in an explana­ tion disputed by one of the ap­ pointees, demonstrates how the political power is stack ed against a free market for the oil and gas industry. K ru e g e r’s campaign cannot be won within the subcommittee unless there is a compelling case made out­ side it in the public forum of debate on energy. 
S taggers said he had a p ­ pointed members who “ wanted to be on the su b c o m m itte e .” 

New appointee Rep. Albert Gore said he had never sought m em ­ bership. 

The kind of congressional mind-set exposed in the m a n ­ euver shows how well President 
Carter read the realism of en­ ergy politics. He proposed a possible bill and will let the public and congressional com ­ mittees fight the deregulation war. That is a proper b a ttle ­ ground, because the case for a crisis approach to energy policy must have public understanding if it is to have public support, which is necessary for success­ ful policy. 

The right or wrong of energy policy as it applies to the production side of more oil and gas is a political point. There are more votes to curb prices on oil and gas than there are to let the free m ark et work. Thai 
Krueger came within four votes last year is a rem arkable feat that will be difficult to duplicate in a stacked committee. 

Fortunately, the U. S. has a little tim e to get that b attle fought. But the lead time can't be frittered away except at great peril to the national good. 
Time to try again for hotel builders 

City Council’s advisory com­ mittee on downtown, Centro 21, was told last week of the proba­ ble cancellation of three or four moderately-large conventions. 
Reason cited was lack of hotels. 
The city has given potential developers full support in a ser­ ies of proposals to build new hotels. Among the dozen or more announced hotels, none is regarded as a serious proposal at this moment. 
We aren’t sure that is all bad. 
We’d far rather see the conven­ tion business straining to take care of its clients than to see it seriously underbooked. 
The city’s Convention and 
Visitor’s Bureau has been do­ ing a good job signing up con­ ventions. It needs to keep on doing that but we can’t think of a thing city councils have failed 

 to do to help hotel b u ild e rs complete plans. 
It very well may be tim e to call in all city-related plans and start over. At least two prim e sites on city-owned land are in­ volved. Search for developers who can arrange financing ap ­ pears to be due unless those who have been given tim e for a r ­ ranging financing can produce definite plans soon. 
The city-built convention center is coming into its busy era, having needed a half dozen years to hit full stride. Keeping th e c e n te r’s facilities in top condition and the visitor’s bur­ eau in full stride are the city’s primary responsibilities. 
If the hotels can’t handle the traffic it would seem to be time to reopen the opportunity for other bidders to use available sites. 

Treasury purifies the imports 

The U. S. Treasury D epart­ ment has arranged with Canada to continue importing specialty steel products under the U.S. ban on Rhodesian chrome. 
The department said labora­ tory testing of Canadian imports of ferrochrom e from South 
Africa verifies that such imports do not originate in Rhodesia. 
The missing line is that the tests don’t show' where the chrom e 

DOES come from. 
We surely aren’t supposed to assum e that South A frica is sneaking Russian chrome into its exported chrome products! 
Good old lab tests. 
The only difference between 
Russian and Rhodesian chrome is the price (Russians charge m ore), politics and hum an rights. The Rhodesian govern­ ment mistreats people. 

'Paddy wm. MR.nixon! 
Teachers’ rights at stake in South San 

More is at stake in the con­ troversy over the suspension of two South San Antonio School 
District teachers than two jobs. 

The outcome of the possibly prece­ dent-setting lawsuit filed in federal court by Raul Prado and Lorenzo 
Monroy will be felt by more than the two teachers involved. 
The teachers last week unsuccess­ fully asked for a temporary restraining order, hoping to be reinstated. 
Until the final ruling is in, many teachers may sleep a little less soundly wondering if they might find them ­ selves in a similar situation at some time. 
And for many teachers the thought that they or one of their colleagues could be suspended without pay or discharged altogether for actions taken outside the classroom is a jolt. 
Galling to many teachers who have rallied around the “ cause” is the fact that at no time in the controversy has any m ention been m ade of the effectiveness of the educators in the classroom. 
THE SUSPENSION WERE a repercussion of a press conference held last month during which Prado, 
South San T eachers Assn. (SSTA) president, and Monroy, SSTA presi­ dent-elect criticized the school admin­ istration. 
The press conference was called after Prado learned his contract and that of another district teacher, Jim 
Koch, had not been renewed for the next school year. 
Prado d uring the conference ex­ pressed his belief that he had not been rehired because of his political in­ volvement during the April 2 school board election. 
During that election, Prado said, the 
SSTA had worked for and endorsed 

 liz 
Sweet 

Education 

 three candidates. Only one of those candidates, John Saldana, was elected to the board. 
Koch, who was present at the con­ ference but made no comments and was not suspended, is South San An­ tonio Teacher Political Action Com­ mittee chairman. 
P rado and Monroy also claim ed during the press conference that evaluations of eight teachers who par­ ticipated in election campaigns were lowered. 

MONROY ALSO CLAIMED teachers were fighting an uphill battle against unenlighted and incompe­ tent school administrators. 
Supt. Herbert Harper, citing reasons for the suspension in a letter written to both teachers, said they had presented a d isto rte d version of efforts by teach ers to resolve the evaluation grievance. 
The letter also stated the conduct of the two men had undermined working relationships with administrative supervisors and fostered disharmony among co-workers. 
“ It is my hope that in the future you will conduct yourself in a manner con­ sistent with your status as an educa­ tor,” the letter stated. 
The question, however, which may have touched a nerve and stimulated the interest of teachers in other dis­ tricts is where does one draw the line between being an educator and being a 

 private citizen? 

SPEAKING FOR THE 
San 
Teachers Council, Mildred Lytle, pre­ sident, said she was horrified to learn that teachers could be suspended for exercising their constitutional rights. 
Mrs. Lytle summed up the feelings of many teachers including Virginia 
Stacey, Texas State Teachers Assn. 
District XX’s outgoing president and 
TSTA state president-elect. 
Mrs. Stacey, who publicly-supported the two teachers, said District XX felt sure such action infringes on the indi­ vidual and association rights guaran­ teed in the United States Constitution. 
“ Our district feels that educators have the right to address their con­ cerns to the public when all avenues of communication within a school district have been closed to them time after time,” Mrs. Stacey said. 
The two m en ’s dilem m a also has elicited the support of members of the 
Local Assn. Presidents Committee, 
D istrict XX, TSTA, the N orthside group’s president-elect, a member of the Pearsall Educators Assn., the pre­ sident of the Alamo Heights Teachers 
Assn. and the president-elect of the 
M averick County T each ers Assn., among others. 

IF THE ADMINISTRATION had chosen to suspend teachers for failure to produce adequately in a classroom, it is doubtful an eyebrow would have been raised. 
As the case stands now, however, the district appears to ask teachers to make a choice between their jobs and their rights to express themselves. 
Aside from the letter written to the teachers, Supt. Harper has not com­ mented on the issue. 
If there are other unknown reasons for the suspension, they should all be brought out in court. Teachers every­ where will be watching. 

Well, how are we feeling this m orning?” 
City unions can’t fight public opinion 

City Hall is having its annual rites of spring — the balancing of employe pay raise requests against taxpayer resistance. 

Viewing the show, one veteran sp a rrin g p a rtn e r of San A ntonio’s budget-shapers announced: 
‘‘Somewhere along the road, the council will have to do one of two things: Either cut services, or raise taxes.” 
Only time and the traditional budge­ t e r legerdemain of Finance Director 
Carl White will disclose whether 1977 will be the year for that harsh decision. 
But one thing is certain. San Anton­ io ’s new ly-elected d istrict council m em bers will be listening to their neighborhood voters even more closely than to employe representatives when they make their budget decisions. 
And union leaders are almost certain to find that they will have to sell the public as well as the council on any changes which cost money. 

THE FACT THAT public relations is 

Kemper 
Diehl 
A 

Politics 

 the Mo. I ingredient in bargaining with 
City Hall was perceived long ago by one union leader, Henry Munoz of the 
American Federation of State, County 
•and Municipal Employes. 
There is much less evidence that the spokesmen for the police and fire un­ ions have learned this lesson. 
They have produced a new proposal to the city to restore the controversial policy which permits unlimited lump sum payment of accrued sick leave. 
The whole history of this plan has shown that it simply does not have public support. 
Not only that, but the police and fire 

 unions fought against the re-election of council members who opposed the un­ limited payments — and the council members won. 
Bringing the item back to the bar­ gaining table at this point is hardly a shrewd public relations tactic, espe­ cially after the setbacks in the union political campaign last month. 

IT IS SIGNIFICANT that Mun­ oz, a master of public relations moves, has remained low-profile as the budget picture develops. 

When he does make his pay sugges­ tions, he will concentrate on pushing for across-the-board lump sum pay boosts, rather than increases figured on a percentage basis. 

His aim will be to put more bucks into the pockets of the lower-level employes than would come otherwise. 
That is a proposal with possibilities for public support. 

Munoz has sensed the trend across the country. Voters want a lid on taxes. 
The recent school bond election defeat 

 here is directly in line with what is happening elsewhere. 

The AFSCME leader also knows that it’s quite possible the city budget- builders will be talking of balancing pay boosts by cutting services. 

The first move along those lines ine­ vitably leads to proposals to cut gar­ bage collections from three times to twice weekly. That would call for bar­ gaining over how the increased loads would be handled. 

ALREADY, OF COURSE, city officials are talking of charging for brush removal service. 

W hatever b a rg a in in g Munoz a t­ tempts will be backed by efforts to gain solid public support. 

On a recent trip to Atlanta, the union chief was reminded of what happens these days when that support disap­ pears. He made the trip to probe for 
National President Jerry Wurf of the 
AFSCME just what went wrong with a 

 strike of sanitation workers there. 
Munoz discovered that just about everything was wrong with it. There was not enough advance discussion. 
The strike was timed for the wrong month of the year, when it was cold and refuse was light. And the local leaders perpetrated a public relations disaster. 

They sponsored advertisements in liberal publications all over the United 
States which bad-mouthed Atlanta as a town where taxes were rising, services were declining and people were mov­ ing to the suburbs. 

The ads brought everyone from 
Daddy M artin L uth er King to the chamber of commerce to the side of 
Mayor Maynard Jackson who fired the strikers and won. The strikers are be­ ing rehired, but on the city’s terms, and 2oo of them will be tem porary employes for at least a time. 

The lesson: Hard-line pressure tac­ tics aren’t working in city labor nego­ tiations this year. Public support is the name of the game. 

 entwines us all 

WASHINGTON - In his third week as a leader of bureaucrats, 
Atty. Gen. Griffin Bell disco­ vered he was being swallowed up by the noxious environment he had sworn to master. 

It had been the practice of his predecessors to jot down the name of everyone who called them on the phone, along with a note as to the sub­ ject m atter. These informal scrib ­ blings quickly became enshrined as the attorney g e n e ra l’s ‘‘telephone log,” and Bell was urged to continue the tradition. 
Heedlessly, he pledged to do so. 
After three weeks - 
-------- of faithfully scrib- • 
WASHINGTON bling down notes [ on his incessant ; phone calls, while departmental busi- ; ness lagged, he j came up for air to • lam ent: 
“ I a m i about to be sub- j sumed by my log­ ging operation.” 
He would not be N 
— the first high appointee who discovered during the honeymoon that he was in bed with an octopus, smothered in its loving embrace, the undulating arms sim ultaneously,caressing him and keeping him occupied. With too many arm s to outmaneuver, the incoming administrative head usually becomes the pampered captive of the octopus he is supposed to control. 
Jim m y Carter invaded Washington with a fragmentary force of no more than 1,2oo men and women, most of whom needed instructions to find the bathroom. Yet they were thrust into com m and of a world-wide civilian force of 2,832,ooo bureaucrats and a military force of 2,1oo,ooo volunteers. 
Most of the Carter appointees are al­ ready in the process of being detoothed and bound by the Lilliputians of the permanent bureaucracy. 

TAKEN TOGETHER, the fe­ deral bureaucracy is at once the hope, the burden and, perhaps when all is done, the nemesis of a free society. Of these assessments, probably only one is controversial. Hope? Yes, profound though the hazards posed by the bur­ eaucracy may be, it is wrong to dis­ miss it, as critics often do, as though it were a needless excrecence that has mysteriously congealed upon the body politic. 
In fact, the bureaucracy is indispen­ sible. Our society can do without Con­ gress for a decade and would be better off for the absence. It can get on with­ out a president for years on end, as past duds in the White House have dem onstrated. But without the b u r­ eaucracy, our commonwealth in its present state would begin to fall apart in five minutes. 
Then why, viewed up close in its p a rtic u la rs, is it so uninspiring , wasteful and counterproductive? The bureaucracy is composed of indivi­ duals of normal ability and of reason­ able disposition who react in various defensive ways to the limited, rou­ tine-bound roles decreed for them — some by falling asleep, some by be­ coming the world’s most methodical re a d e rs of n ew spapers, o thers by making empires out of molehills, still others by finding their “ raison d’etre” in the regulation books. 

THERE IS ALSO an internal drive toward expansion in government offices everywhere. An official com­ plains that the workload is too heavy for him to carry alone. Since he has no intention of dividing the work with a rival who might replace him, he starts accum ulating subordinates. His su­ bordinates, in turn, gather up more subordinates for themselves. After a decent pause, these last subordinates will also claim the right to be moved up the totem pole and be replaced at the bottom. The result is known in the government as a “ staff build-up.” 
Another tendency of government is to avoid unfavorable attention. Ve­ teran bureaucrats are skilled at evad­ ing issues, shifting responsibility and diverting decisions to someone else. 
The m ore com m ittees and subcommittees there are to share the burden of decision, the less chance there is that any single bureaucrat will be blamed. 
Only part of government expansion can be blamed on the bureaucracy’s inner dynamics. An even greater im­ petus comes from outside as society at large demands more services. Those segments of the population in the toils of the bureaucracy, meanwhile, be­ come apathetic and quickly succumb to the nothing-can-be-done-about-it syndrome. 

ALL IS LEFT to the authorities, but no one trusts them to perform. 
Eventually this mistrust and resent­ ment spreads to all authority, although dependence on it does not lessen. For its part the bureaucracy, in its heart of hearts, is at odds with democracy. The bane of bureaucracy is conflict, which disrupts the smooth implementation of its plans and precedents. 
It embraces secrecy because what is not known cannot be disrupted; its craving for small certainties discour­ ages dissent; it scorns party politics, with the emotions and harangues and oversimplifications. But to democracy controversy is the seedbed of decision] secrecy frustrates true decision and the differences between parties, how­ ever irrational or elusive, are the basis of decision. 
To turn back the tide of bureaucracy, we m ust be p rep ared to cut the number of services government per­ forms for us and increase the number we perform for ourselves. The juggling act at the White House won’t be en­ ough. 

LETTERS 

Let’s see your evidence 

Sir: Recent(letters to the editor would indicate the writers would know merit Corp. funds.mi>,appropriation of Economic Opportunities Develop- 

I hoir'a L ta T fn e ^ rfn°rr\hhn P n n r l,)oard 1 wou,d be vital,-v interested in substantiate wh-it th. h h 
' ^ ard and Presenting this evidence to 
L l ! , . 
,n n ha,vebeon w nlln« al>«^ in the letters column. it is time lo put up or shut up. 
Robert Thompson 
I roubled mother speaks out 

Sir: As mother of a severely mentally retarded 17-year-old son who lives at home and attends a special education school, I feel I must speak out. have been reading with interest the articles written about the state school that is planned for San Antonio and for the life of me I cannot understand why we don’t have it already. 
Semantics problem 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday May 15 1977 
Page . 7-H 

Sir: I’m puzzled. Kemper Diehl in his political column describing San 
Antonio politics, used adjectives such as 
“ h e llish ,” 
“ m e a n ,” 
“ ferocious,” “ Byzantine,” . . . . 
Byzantine?? 
Does not “ Byzantine” identify the 
Eastern Orthodox Christian faith? I mean in the same way the Catholic faith is called “ Roman” and the 
Jewish faith “ Judaic.” 

I'm not a reg u lar re a d e r of 
Diehl’s, so I’m left wondering: Does he m ake a habit of borrow ing names of religions to portray hu­ man behavior at its worst, driven by such base motives as lust for power and greed for money? 

R egardless of one's religious bent, one must deplore any use of term s so defamatory to religions and so offensive to their believers. 

Stephen W. Fotis 

EDITOR’S NOTE: A reference to 
Byzantine politics has nothing to do with the Eastern Orthodox Church, but to the complexity which often characterized the workings of the 
Byzantine Empire and culture and even today is considered typical of politics in the Middle East. 

No, my child is not on the waiting list of the state school, for which I have searched my heart over and over again what will happen to him when som ething happens to my husband and me. So it seems I am placing the responsibility on his sister, brothers, state or whoever will take care of Him and I say to myself am I doing the right thing. 
Unless some one has really lived with a severely mentally retarded child 24 hours a day, day in and day out, year in and year out, they cannot possibly know the frustrations and helplessness on how to cope, or the joy of pleasing them and loving them. 
I feel in my heart there is a need for facilities such as state schools, day care centers, special education classes, sheltered workshops, re- spite-crisis centers (which believe me are direly needed for parents such as us who have no place to leave our children in case of an emergency), over-21 programs for the young adults (when he is over 21 no more special education classes, no place to go, how can he possibly understand this since his mentality is the same, his physical age means nothing to him?) I have visited a state school and would very much like to visit any other available facilities for the severely mentally retarded and would very much appreciate a list of these. 

Mrs. E. F. Sebultzc, Jr. 
A cry of outrage 

Sir: There are so many events occurring daily which outrage this simple person, that it is difficult to decide which ones to sling my venom at. 
Is it an allegedly criminal president of The United States? No, that has been run into the ground. How about a Congress virtually in toto on the take in one way or another? No, that’s public knowledge — few seem to care. 
Perhaps the Central Intelligence Agency of the greatest free nation on earth manipulating not only the politics of its own country but also that of other nations for nothing more than a little practice at the totalitarianism which we profess to abhor and for the financial gain of a few interested parties? Now that bears daily inspection and exposure in the press. 

Closer to home, maybe it is a police department which allows beatings, the planting of evidence in order to make an arrest stick and now even allegations of the murder of known criminals. In America? IN SAN 
ANTONIO, TEXAS? Where is the sense of decency on the part of our public officials? Arc they so m indless and uncaring that this type of thing is simply shuffled under the rug? 
How about a retired FBI agent writing a bleeding-heart letter to this publication rationalizing the charges against crim es of a fellow agent because they didn't want to take the time to obtain a valid search warrant? 
The morale of a few thousand FBI agents is at stake? I don’t care. The morale of millions of Americans has been shattered in the last few years at the continued revelations of misconduct by our leaders. 

Here's a peachy one. Dr. Charles Hooper, president of the Bexar County 
Medical Society, feels that Dr. Goana shouldn’t go to jail for five years for feloniously lying and stealing our tax money, due to his education and social standing in the community. Bull. He will be performing a valid service in the joint, and maybe developing a little humility at the same time. 
Maybe if they start locking up a few more of these white collar birds and quit blaming everything on the pinkos and the hippies, I can start telling my children that we do indeed live in the greatest country on earth, just as my parents taught me, and I believed, unfortunately. 
William Bessonette 
Read this 

Sir: I wish to raise the question of the bankruptcy of our government. 
Far from carrying a heavier load than past years, present taxpayers are in a relative better shape. Ex­ ample: the GNR in 1962 was about 
$585 billion, if one adjusts this for population and inflation it about equals the 1976 ONP AFTER taxes. 
But a better example: A family had a four per capita personal income in 1962 and 1976. In 1962 the four pci equaled $9,472, this un­ taxed income when adjusted to 1976 dollars equals per cent 17,144. The 
1976 four pci equals $26,ooo. If we presum e a family of four, using 
Parting shot 

Sir: I told myself on Monday that if one more letter about double dippers appeared this week, I would have to speak. 
It appeared Thursday morning and I ani writing now. 
The title to my letter is CHANGE 
THE SUBJECT. 
I am so weary of this constant back and forth attitude of the m ili­ tary, retired, active and reserve. 
You gentlemen seem to think you are the only ones who fought the wars. 
You are forgetting someone: the disabled veteran. 
The one with $38 a month IO per cent disability pension, not $8oo retirement pension and if the disa­ bled veteran gets his pension up to 
$19o a month he is in a Vets hospital or totally unable to work at all. 

So, sincerely, can’t you just take what you have, be happy, and count your blessings? 

But most of all (I’m going to say it): SHUT UP! 
D.C. 
Wife of a disabled veteran 

 one carefully standard deductions, the federal income tax is $4,2o5. 
If taxpayer and wife both worked and were both self employed with neither exceeding the m aximum social security payment their social security taxes would be $1,94o. 
Estimating other direct taxes for state and local at $1,58o we find that the 1976 income net of federal in­ come, state taxes and state and local taxes is $18,475 more than 
$1,3oo greater after taxes than the 
1962 income before taxes. Pretty hard to go bankrupt like this.' 
Joe A. Nesbitt 
More double ers 

Sir: Letters in the Express-News for the past few days defending double dippers have contained facts sim ilar to those used by individuals defending m otherhood and den­ ouncing sin! There is little one can offer in rebuttal to these facts. 
However, just as the virtue of motherhood is offset by the pre­ sence of dirty diapers and the vice of sin is com pensated by the cleansing effect of repentence, so the status of double dippers is af­ fected by converse events. 
There should be no objection to retired military personnel applying for an ESTABLISHED civil service job and, after passing all civil service requirem ents, using m ili­ tary preference points for his bene­ fit. But, how is m ilitary preference justified when military personnel performing a job with a m ilitary classification on the day of retire­ ment shows up the following day, at the same location, to perform the same work classified as a civilian? 
Should the citizen’s right to criti­ cize be denied, particularly to these men and women? 
“ Me thinks he doth protest too much” is a line Shakespeare gave to a character in one of his plays. It seems appropriate for proponents of the double dipping system. 
Jam es A. Boehm, Jr. 

THU newspaper weltomej letters from Its readers. They should be shert — net over 3oo words — and they must be s ig n e d . Roaders’ initials will be used if requested but unsigned letters will net be published. Editors reserve the right to edit any lefter for length, geed taste or legal reasons but every effort will be made to convey the writer's opinions, letter writers must include their proper address and telephone number — which will not be published — so the correct identity of the writer can be established. Send letters to P.O. ie * 2171, San Antonie, Teens 79197. 

Imperial Congress 

By ROBERT SHRUM 
From spacious offices and gilded hearing rooms they come, carried as if on a breeze 
— a swift, one-tenth-mile ride by private subway to the great alabaster capitol itself. 

One flight up by private elevator, their paths are cleared of the noisy, 
Instam atic-brandishing citizenry by their own private police force; they are heading for their own private dining room . . . . 
“Hi, C a rl. . . Well, hello Senator . .. 
Right this way, Senator . . . Say hello to 
Hubert Hum phrey , . . Senator . . . 
Senator . . . S enator.” The United 
States Senate dines in a room fit for the gods, were the gods partial to obse­ quious service, oversized chandeliers ana authentic stained-glass imitation windows that cam ouflage the walls. 
The air is rarefied self-im portance; better still, the price is right. 
First in a series 

Continues Monday in the Express 

A filet of sole stuffed with crabmeat and shrim p goes for $1o.95 in New 
York or San Francisco. In the sena­ tors’ dining room, it costs $2.75. The last tim e m ost o th er re sta u ra n ts served 12-ounce sirloin steaks for $6.75 was circa 1965. In the senators’ dining room, tim e has stood still. Living in the past is the best revenge. 

ALL OF THIS is subsidized, of 
:ourse. By you. In 1975, the Senate restaurants reported a loss of $24o,ooo. 
One afternoon that October, after a hearty lunch in the dining room, se­ veral senators took the elevator up­ sta irs to th eir ch am b er and voted against the School Lunch Aet. The country, they insisted, just couldn’t afford it. 
Across the hill, the House of Repre­ sentatives, as befits its more plebian dynamic, operates its food service in the black. Still, a member can order a roast leg of lamb for $3.35. 
And neither the House nor the Senate figures into its balance sheets the sa­ laries of restaurant workers, the cost of linen and plates, the price of dish­ washers and other m ajor equipment; such incidentals are buried, for in­ stance, in the budget of the capitol architect. 
With all the standard expenses ad­ ded in, the House restaurants are los­ ing thousands of dollars a year, and the 
Senate $8oo,ooo, which works out to a culinary subsidy of $8,ooo per senator per year. 
And that, is only the tip of the iceberg lettuce. The good life on Capitol Hill will never be heralded in a campaign brochure, but it is one of Congress’ most conspicuous achievements. 

COMFORTABLE. AFFORDA­ 
BLE, gracious, spacious — Congress has created a great society all its own. 
No detail is too small to embellish the lifestyle to which congresspersons have become accustomed. Free combs and brushes are regularly delivered to m em b ers’ offices. In th eir private barber shop, senators pay $3 for a ra­ zor cut, style and shampoo — a quarter of the going rate in Georgetown. 
The barbershop also preserves the relic of another age, a 25-cent shoe- shine. In both Senate and House, con­ gressional shoes can be repaired, re­ dyed and resoled at cut rate. 
In the underground garage of the 
Rayburn Office Building, five full-time lab o rers w ash and polish House m em b ers’ c a rs. And once on the streets of Washington, those shiny cars need never suffer the indignity of a parking ticket. In the United States 
Code, along with the ther great laws of the land. Congress has voted itself special license plates, making it legal for members to park illegally. 
Across the street from the Rayburn 
Building, the 57 employes of the Bo­ tanic Garden nurture and then deliver two plants every other month to the 535 congressional offices. These botanic niceties, from a greenhouse costing taxpayers $1.2 m illion a y ear, are among the less expensive touches of congressional office decor. 
In 1977, the House will spend $4,OOO a member for furniture and furnishings, 

THE S A M R a y b u rn B uilding cost exhausted a w hole m arble quarry 
$ 1 2 5 m illion and 

 much of it custom-made. In addition, every congressm an is allotted $27,ooo to furnish and equip a district office; for c a rp e ts and c u rta in s in th e ir home-state offices, senators can spend 
$4,5oo. 

ALL MEMBERS of Congress are entitled to 5o free picture fram ings a year, as well as free prints from the 
National Gallery of Art. 

Free massages help to improve tho am bience in the Senate gym , but in fact it cannot compare with the splen­ dor of the newer House gym , which features paddle ball courts, a sauna room, a basketball court, a weight room, a carpeted locker room and an 
Olyrnpic-size swimming pool. 

Previously, congresswom en could not swim in the House pool except 

 during special hours because con­ gressmen insisted on swimming in the nude. The pool is now de-chauvlnlzed, the men having reluctantly consented to wear trunks, but most of the gym remains an all-male preserve. 
And then th ere are the ste a m e r trunks, old-fashioned, brass-hinged jobs. Every member of the House can claim a tru n k a year. C alifornia 
Hep. 
George 
Miller explains: 
“ I have one left. They’re a leftover from the days when congressional ses­ sions lasted only a few m onths and congressmen spent most of their time back home. They needed their files so they got trunks to carry them on the train. But this isn’t i86o We’re here year-round. Maybe anybody who takes the trunks ought to be forced to ride 
Amtrak.” 
From steam er trunks to saunas, from pictures to philodendrons, the congressional dem and for personal goods and services has generated an ever-growing support industry which today includes 19,ooo employes on 
Capitol Hill. 

LIKE ANY HUSTLING c ity , 
Congress' domain is ever-expanding— 
$13o million worth of new construction in the last five years. As swiftly as space is added, it is filled with new employes, reerowdod to the sam e den­ sity as before, and the cycle goes on. 
The num ber of Senate staff mem bers has more than doubled to 6,5oo since 
196o; and in the House, the num ber has tripled to 1o,ooo in the last two de­ cades. 

The Rayburn House Office Building, the most expensive structure in human history at the time of its construction 
($125 million), features balustrades of custom -quarried natural stone, b ur­ nished m arble gargoyles, and kitchen­ ettes upon request. It took two quarries iii Vermont and Georgia to hew out the pink m arble trim . Somehow, hallway entrances to the m em bers’ private of­ fices were forgotten and afterward had to be knocked out of the cem ent and plaster walls. 
Not to be outdone, the Senate is now co n stru c tin g a new (th ird ) office building, which will double its office space to two million square feet. Esti­ mated cost: $85 million 

M O N D A Y in the EXPRESS: 
AU the Kings' Men 

COPYRIGHT, 1977, by ROBERT SHRUM 

THE SENATE recording studio provides m akeup, backdrops and free videotap e m e ssa g e s 
They knew better 

To the early Indian, the conquistador remained a puzzle. This intruder did not value the good earth that fed and sheltered him . Instead, he gouged from it shiny m etal worth nothing more—this Indian knew—than to make decorations. 
Earth and sky, rain and seed .. . and shelter—these elemental tilings, the indian tre a su re d . From h ighest ground he liked to watch his mornings come. Perhaps he was closer to the 
Maker of all these and of him than we realize. 
The sim pler my life becomes, the 

Along the W ay 

 more I find myself at peace. 
I cannot garden without the aware­ ness of miracle. Here is common dirt, 

 water and a tiny seed. I provide noth­ ing but the tending of their combina­ tion. Yet think of the planning that from such common things produces such profound results. 
It is in the tending that I sense the presence of my Maker. 
Nor, from across a campfire, can I watch sunrise without the awareness of that presence, and the beauty with which He presents us His day-to do with as we will. 
To gouge for shiny metal? 
The conquistadors remain a puzzle to me, too. 
The hidden costs of having kids 

WASHINGTON - The news items that rocked America last week was that it now costs par­ ents $64,ooo to rear a child, including education at a state- supported university. A low-in- come fam ily can rear one for 
$4,ooo if you forget about his or her schooling. 
A ccording to P ro f. T hom as J. 
Espenshade of Florida State Universi­ ty, this is a 6o per cent increase over what it cost in 1969. 
With all due respect to Prof. Espen­ shade, I think his figures are too low. 
While he threw in the usual things such as food, clothing, housing and educa­ tion, I think he failed to take into con­ sideration the following items: 
• Automobile insurance for a teen­ ager: $1 .OOO a year. 
• Autombile insurance for the par*t ents, when the company cancels every-’ one’s policy because of the claims filed for the teen -ag er’s accidents: 
$3,ooo. 
• Repairs to interior of the house after a party given by teen-ager for 5o 

Art 
Buchwald 

Light Side 

 of his or her “ dearest” friends: $2,ooo. 
• 
Food and drink d ispensed to non-members of the family, who for one reason or another are always at the house; $6,ooo. 
• Rug and furniture damage caused by teen-ager’s untrained dog: $2,5oo. 
• Rock concert tickets for children starting at age ll and lasting until they get a job. w hich could be age 3o: $3,8oo. 
• Orthodontist bills for straighten­ ing teeth by braces: $2,ooo. 
• Orthodontist bills for replacing' braces that were accidentally lost on overnight camping trip: $1,2oo. 
• Replacement of lost winter gloves, shoes, socks and overcoats left at a 

 friend’s house, whose name child can­ not remember: $8oo. 
• Hi-fi equipm ent, absolutely es­ sential to the peace of mind of a young person: $1oo to $1,ooo, depending on whether child pays cash or uses family credit card. 
• Birthday presents you give for vour own children that you can’t af­ ford: $2,ooo. 
• Collect telephone calls from chil­ dren at camp, school or gas station on the highway; telephone calls by p ar­ ents to camp, school or gas station to find out why kids have not called col­ lect in three weeks: $5,6oo. 
• Unpaid tickets for illegal parking to parents because car is registered in their name: $78o. 
• Fines for library books overdue: 
$15o. 
• Cost of hiring someone to cut lawn because children don’t have “ tim e” to do it: $3,4oo. 
• Football, baseball, hockey uni- lorms (now both male and female); 
$89o. 
• New clothes for Barbie and Ken dolls: $4,5oo. 
• Gas and oil used for car pools for 

 student and athletic activities; $3,ooo 
(and expected to go higher). 
• Records and tapes that children will die if they don’t own: $4,7oo. . 
• School prom tickets, as well as rental of tuxedos for boys, purchase of dresses for girls and money to “go out after the dance:” $6oo. 
• Replacement of wine and booze stolen from liquor cabinet or closet by persons unknown: $1,5oo to $5,ooo, de­ pending on what kind of wine you keep and how well you hide the key to ca­ binet or closet. 

• Miscellaneous items not covered in the study by Prof. Espenshade: legal fees for pot busts and arrests for dis­ orderly conduct or sit-downs to protest building of nuclear energy plants; da­ mage to neighbor’s property done by your child; abortions; purchase of church or school raffle tickets your children have been unable to sell; par­ cel post packages; ski trips; rem edial reading; Christmas. To be on the con­ servative side, we’ll put down $8,78o. 
Prof. Espenshade did a good job' but I suspect he just didn’t talk to the right people. 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday May 15 197? 

O 
SAVE MORE MONEY WITH 
THESE SUPER SPECIALS 

 fences g o o d in San A n to n io a n d U n ive rs a l C ity th ro 
M a y 2 1 , 1 9 7 7 . W e reserve the rig h t to lim it q u a n titie s . N o n e sold to d ea le rs. 

“ E a c h o f th e s e a d v e r tis e d ite m s is re q u ir e d to b e r e a d ily a v a il 

 a b le fo r s a le at o r b e lo w th e a d v e r tis e d p ric e rn e a c h s to re , 

 e x c e p t a s s p e c ific a lly n o te d in th is ad . " 

*«»« oi eiGOor 
C 

We Welcome 
Federal Food 
Stamp Customers 

* 'N E C H ' 

’ H! t 
YOUfc FINAL OPPORTUNITY f i :■ , f ‘n M a rla n d fin*- -'im ,) y r , . , t pie. r . i 
>t DISCOUNT PRIC ES' 

 p h o n e nun'' md*1" it*? you* name. add 
•>d pattern velveted courtesy df.l> Hen. sn o t a, Platte t itorf- V 

<r~> 

VALUABLE COUPON 
SAVE 5o° 

When.yiUiiHry one^ I) 16-oz. JHI. AathroomC leader 
Sanivac 

With thin coupon. 
Coupon expire i May 2 1 ,1 9 7 7 . 

M w 
B W 
M w n a 

VALUABLE COUPON 
SAVE SUF u 

When you.hwy one ( I) 2D-JU). Bog Arrow Bnquott 
Olar coal 

With this coupon. 
Coupon expires M ay 2 1 ,1 9 7 7 . 

VALUABLE COUPON 
SAVE 75c 

When you buy one (1 ) 25 -lb. Bag Dry Dog Food 
Gallies Meal 

With tfhs coupon. 
Coupon expires May 2 1 ,1 9 7 7 . 

VALUABLE COUPON 
SAVE 15* 
W hen you buy one ( I) 7 -o z. Shower Size 
Bar Soap 
Hell Spring 

With Bds coupon. 
Coupon expires May 2 1 ,1 9 7 7 . 

VALUABLE COUPON 
SAVE 15* 

 r n # 

When you buy one (I) 2-LB. Chi. Kraft's Cheese 
Food 
Volveeta 

With this coupon. 
Coupon expire* May 2 1 ,1 9 7 7 . 
I 
§ 
I 

B 

MARINES 
[q OOO 

ARMED FORCES WEEK 
MAY 15 THRU 
MAY 21, 1977 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday May 15 1977 
FREEDOM 
THROUGH 
STRENGTH 

 t 

NEW! 

I ■> 
S uptt O uttH* 
E-Z BARE b Looks like FLAT! 
LATEX 

 flat enamel 

 jVeatherM 

 rjrs J l WI Bm* WWW 

* 
' ' r 
■.(rtOdHouMtonxnjj. 

Washes like 
ENAMEL! 

Dirt and most stains can’t penetrate its hard enamel finish-so they wash off easily. . .stand up to scrubbing for severe stains. 
E-Z BARE 

LATEX FLAT ENAMEL 

It’s scrubbable enamel, okay, but with a very low lustre finish so you can use it in any room in your home, particularly suited to bedrooms, rec rooms, wherev­ er else children play. White and 
Custom 
C olors. 

I ’/? hp, 8.5 amp motor de­ velops 
58oo rpm. 
Tele­ scoping blade guard. 45oo 
17.88 

M anufactured by Emerson since the 1 8 9 o ’s. G reat for bedroom , kitchen, porches and g s m iro o m i. G lobe light accessory is optional. 3 6 " or 
5 2 " w oodgrain-finish blades. 
99.95 

NEW! 
OUR VERY 
FINEST 
LATEX 
House Paint 

Acrylic Latex J 1 1 9 9 

K ^ u s e P a i n t y W 
Gallon 

 k S i * * * ITB ft oz (IiHmL1' '■ 
REG. 11.98 

RESISTS WEATHER, SMOG. 
BLISTERING ANO STAINS 
CHOOSE FROM 3o JAMESTOWN COLORS 

And White 
Protects and wears like a quality oil base paint, yet it's latex so it applies sm oothly, dries bug- and dust free in 2o minutes, tools clean up in soapy water. One coat usually covers. 

IftffodSMAN® 

SOUD COLOR 
LATEX STAIN 
6 
49 
GALLON 

REG. 8.95 
Lasts twice as long as conventional oil stains-o n fences, shingles, siding, shakes, indoors or out. Enhances texture of rough wood, beautifies smooth too. 21 rustic flat colors. 

^ F R v r c s a llp u r p o se j 
EXTERIOR latex 
STIR UFA 
LIGHT BREEZE WITH 
Casablanca 
COLING FAHS 

$2599 

DOUBLE-BOWL 
KITCHEN SINK 
Stainless steel-resists cor­ rosion, scratching, abra­ sives. Easy to install-self- rimming. 33X22". 4-hole. 
Faucet not inc!. 

Replace worn-out fixtures now 

EASY TO CLEAN 
Washable with soap and water 
PAINTABLE — May be painted with Latex paint using a long- nap roller 
EASY INSTALLATION — Can be cut with a pocket-knife, featherweight, staple or glue-up, ho dust. 
ECONOMICAL — Most applica­ tions do not require furring strips — can be stapled directly to sheetrock 
INSULATES — Has same in­ sulation value as polystyrene coffee cups and ice buckets — 
K Value o.24 remains constant with age 
MOISTURE PROOF — Does not contract or expand with humidi­ ty changes — may be used in bathrooms and basements where fiber tile should never be y s e c j 
LIGHT REFLECTANCE - 
Grade LR 1. By reflecting 94% of the light. Therm o-Tile brightens and seems to enlarge any room without glare. 

1x6-6'........... *1.49 
2x4-8'........... *1.99 
4x4-8'........... *4.99 

19 

G A L . 
5 GAL $19.95 
4 

An econom ical, blister resis­ 

 tant W h ite for prim ed or p a in ­ 

 ted w ood, concrete, stucco, asphalt composition shingles, 

 etc. W h ite only. 

QUANTITIES 

LIMITED TO 

STOCK ON 

NO DlAltKS 

PLEASE 
NO KAIN CHECKS 

MOT KESFONSMIE 

EOI PUNTING l i t OKS 

BILD-MART 

BU,LDING 
< ^ n 7 l/a t« p ) DISCOUNT 
.. MATERIALS,. 
STORE 

6o1 Florida at Hoefgen St. 

I T I 
Open 8 to 6 
L ^ .■ 
Monday through Saturday 
Phone 534-o751 or 534-5488 

HARMONY 
W A SH ERLESS 
FAUCETS 

LAVATORY-SINGLE LEVER 
CHROME ... * 2 1 .5 5 

 co lo rs .... * 1 9 .7 6 
KITCHEN-SINGLE LEVER 
CHROME ... * 1 8 .8 6 
COLORS .... * 1 7 .9 6 

Selection • o^5, 

 rn 

\ 
L t Salute The 
Military On 
Mimed 
WJ&Wk ■ r n * W rn H i HMP 

' yJ%:% 
Vi W I MHT 
,S,S' 

WM 

\ TS- v 
PAY 
3-day camera sale! 

4 
9 
* 
3 
© 
S P E C IA L 
NEW VIVITAR TELE 
POINT ' N" SHOOT 
CAMERA 
• Takes normal or telephoto pictures • Built in electronic flash • 15o flashes on a set of batteries 
$1.oo SPECIAL 
VIVITAR 6o3 CASE 

S A L E 
189.34 
MINOLTA SR T 2o1 
With 5oMM FU LENS 
• Information viewfinder e Through-the lens "C L C " metering • Hot shoe for cordless flash operation • Shutter speeds to 1/1ooo sec. • Accepts the complete Minolta system of lenses and SR-T accessories 
$219.94 SALE 
MINOLTA SR T 2o1 With 5oMM F1.4 LENS 

94.88 Our Reg. $99.96 
MINOLTA HI-MATIC F CAMERA KIT 
• Automatically sets lens opening and shutter speed for perfect exposures, indoors or out 

239.94 
SALE 
4988 
SPECIAL 
MINOLTA SR T 2o2 With 5oMM F1.7 
LENS 
$269.94 
M IN O LTA SR T 2o2 With 5oMM F I.4 LEN S 

CAMERA and STROBE OUTFIT 

MINOLTA 43oE "POP-FLASH" POCKET 
CAMERA 
• Stop-action electronic flash 

$64.88 
M IN O LTA 45oE "PO P-FLA SH " PO CKET 
C A M ERA 

229.92 . 
■H i 
Our Reg. $319.92 
RoLLEI SLM With 5oMM FI S LENS 

• Precise full-aperture metering • Diagonal split-image rangefinder • Large, extra-bright finder with exposure indicator • Short stroke rapid advance lever • Quick- change bayonet mount 

ROLLEI 134 REB STROBE 
• Automatic computer exposure control • Thyristor 
.regulated • Automatic range: 24in. to 2oft. 

 ife ISi 

84.88 Our Reg. $1o9.96 
ROLLEI P35oA REMOTE FOCUS SLIDE PROJECTOR 
• Automatic, remote-control or manual all-in-one • V-groove changer protects slides • Glare-free slide pre-monitor • Interchangeable 85MM f/2.8 lens 
$1o4.88 Our Reg. $129.96 
ROLLEI P35o AUTO FOCUS SLIDE PROJECTOR 

84.88 Our Reg. $1o5.9o CAMERA and STROBE OUTFIT 
ROLLEI B35 CAMERA 
• Coupled rangefinder • Fully automatic 
ROLLEI E15B STROBE 
• Electronic flash unit • Recycles: 8 to 14 sec. • Up to 2oo flashes per set of batteries 

Speakers highlight 
Armed Forces Week 

Addresses by four top defense leaders will highlight Armed 
Forces Week in San 
Antonio, May 15-21. 

This year’s guest list includes Gen. Bernard 
W. Rogers, Army Chief of Staff; Gen. William J. 
Evans, commander of 
Air Force Systems Com­ mand, and Army Lt. 
Gen. Sam S. Walker, de­ puty commander of U.S. 
Forces Command. 
Also speaking will be 
Army Gen. Richard E. 
Cavazos, director of 
Inter-American Affairs for the Department of 
Defense. 
Sponsored annually by the Greater San Antonio 
Chamber of Commerce, 
Armed Forces Week pays tribute to the military and its role locally as well as worldwide. 
The day-by-day lineup of events follows: 
Sunday, May IS 
Military chaplains and members of the local clergy will take part in the traditional pulpit ex­ change during Sunday morning worship services. 
From noon to 6 p.m., 
Fort Sam Houston’s 2oth 
Anniversary Hobby Fes­ tival will conclude a two-day run at the Road­ runner 
Recreation 
Center. 
Monday, May 16, Non- 
Commissioned Officers’ 
Day 
Gen. Cavazos, Mayor 
Lila Cockrell and Holt 
Atherton, chairman of the chamber board, will participate in opening ceremonies in Alamo 
Plaza at ll a.m. 
The reading of an 
Armed Forces Week pro­ clamation, a flag cere­ mony and music by the 
Air Force Band of the 
West from Lackland AFB will officially kick off 
1977 festivities. 
The chamber’s annual 
NCO Awards Luncheon will be held at the USO 
Club in HemisFair Plaza at noon. Top enlisted men and women from area military units will be honored following an address by Gen. Cavazos. 

Tuesday, May 17, Jun­ ior Officers’ Day 
Lieutenants and cap­ tains from area military bases will tour local bu­ sinesses and governmen­ tal offices. 
The tour will begin at 
8:3o a.m. with a chamber briefing before proceed­ ing to commissioners court, city hall, USAA and Swearingen Avia­ tion. 
The group will be hon- 

"N o w that's an idea! 
Let the 
Classified ads be your garage sale market place!" 
Coll 
225-1666 

 ored with a luncheon at 
USAA. 
The chamber will host a government contract­ ing seminar for small businesses from 9 to ll a.m. 
Representatives of lo­ cal, state and federal agencies, including the military, will explain how to bid on govern­ ment contracts. 
The program, in the 
Commerce Room of the 
National Bank of Com­ merce, will include the screening of a film on the 
Air Force’s new Pro­ curement Center at Kelly 
AFB. 
The annual Lackland golf tournament will tee off at I p.m. on the 
Lackland AFB links. 
Wednesday, May 18, 
Commanders’ Bay 
Gen. Evans will ad­ dress the Rotary Club of 
San Antonio noon lun­ cheon in the Anacacho 
Room in the St. Anthony 

Hotel. Commanders of active duty and reserve military units in the San 
Antonio area will be in­ troduced. 
Officers and senior 
NCOs and their spouses will be guests of the business community at the Fiesta of the M ili­ tary, a Mexican buffet and dance hosted by the chamber in Villita As­ sembly Building at 7 p.m. 
Thursday, May 19, Ee-. tired Military Day 
Representatives of pa­ triotic and retired mili­ tary organizations will gather at 149th Tactical 
Fighter Group Head­ quarters, Kelly AFB, for lunch at 11:45 a.m., fol­ lowed by a demonstration of the unit’s quick reac­ tion capability. 
Gen. Rogers will speak at an Association of the 
U.S. Army banquet at 
7:3o p.m. in the Fort Sam 
Houston NCO Club. 

Friday, May 2o, Re­ serve - Guard Day 

Gen. Walker will be featured speaker at a luncheon honoring the 
Reserve and National 
Guard at noon in the 
Anacacho Room of the St. 
Anthony’ sponsored by the chamber. 
Fort Sam Houston's 
NCO Club will be the site of the annual NCO Ball at 
6:3o p.m. 

Saturday, 
May 
21, 

Armed Forces Day 

All day Saturday mili­ tary recruiters will spon­ sor exhibits at South 
Park and Central Park 
Shopping Malls. 
Most of the United 
States celebrates Armed 
Forces Day but the mili­ tary is so important to 
San Antonio that the city stretches the celebration into a week-long series of events and commemora- tives. 

Lt. Gen. Sam S. Walker 
Gen. Berhard W. Rogers 

What a Flight by "Lindy and what a shoe by— 
Florsheim 
Classic White 

The Dorado. Authentic European styling with Florsheim’s all-leather craftsman­ ship. From our Designer Collection. In summer white. $44.95 

SateFs 

ALAMO HEIGHTS 
CENTRAL PARK 
WINDSOR PARK 

W IN DSO R PARK MALL 
79oo 1-35 NORTH • SAN ANTONIO, TX. 78218 • Ph. 654-72oo 
_________ 
MON. THRU SAT. I O A.M. TO 9 P.M.______________ 

J f v ^ *'v~ "5| 
San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday May 15 1977 

AERIAL v ie w o f Brooks A ir Force Base show ing h ead quarters of the A ir Force Systems Command Aerospace 

M edical Division and School of Aerospace Medicine 
B rooks’ school pioneered in field o f aerospace medicine 

The United States Air 
Force School of Aero­ space Medicine had its inception in 1918 as the 
Medical Research Labor­ atory of the Air Service, 
U.S. Army Signal Corps, 
Hazelhurst Field, New 
York. 
In 1922 it was redesig­ nated the School of Avia­ tion Medicine and four years later was moved to 
Brooks Field. In 1931 the school was relocated at 
Randolph Field, where in 
1949 America’s first De­ partment of Space Medi­ cine was established by 
Dr. Hubertus Strughold as its head. 
Expansion of the school’s mission was re­ sponsible for its move back to Brooks AFB in 

1959 and redesignation as the USAF School of Aer­ ospace Medicine. 
Mission: 
The school missions are research, medical education and clinical evaluation and consultation. The com ­ mon goal of these endea­ vors i s 'summ arized by the Latin words on the school crest, “ Volanti su b v e n im u s,” which translates, “ We serve those who fly.” 
Thus, the unique prob­ lems associated with the aerospace environment a re investigated, d is ­ cussed in the classroom and given special consi­ deration when air crew members are medically evaluated. 
Research: Research is 

 the major school activity with em phasis on the problems of understand­ ing psycho-physiologic stresses imposed upon air crew members by the flying environment. 
Methods for increasing tolerance and protecting against special stress are developed and evaluated using a variety of com­ plex simulators. 
Investigations encom­ pass laboratory and clin­ ical studies in the full range of biological, en­ vironm ental and dyna­ mic conditions which may affect the health and performance of Air Force personnel under a wide variety of operational circumstances. 
Additional research ef- 
M w v?^*J£Z!ri 

’aam ggpnar 

N M T 

W e Salute The United States 

Arm ed Forces 

 le s r ii 

Houston • San Antonio • Dallas • Denver 

 contem porary and modern danish furniture 

 fort is directed toward the development of hard­ ware and analytical in­ strum entation for con­ duct of the broad spec­ tru m of biom edical investigations. 
Included are co n ta ­ minant detection instru­ ments for studying the im pact of Air F orce operations on the envir­ onment and instrum en­ tation for investigation of radiation hazards both in flight and on the ground. 
Unique test facilities are available for r e ­ search programs. Multi- environmental chamber simulators, electro-mag­ netic generators and a human centrifuge are but a few of the sophisticated devices used. 
Education: The educa­ tion m ission enco m ­ passes 35 courses includ­ ing those for officers ranging from one day to three years, and courses for airmen lasting from one to ll weeks. 

E xam ples are R esi­ dency in A erospace Me­ dicine, Prim ary Course in Flight Medicine, Gen­ eral P rev entive M edi­ cine, 
E nvironm ental 
H ealth 
N ursing and 
Bioenvironmental Engin­ eering. 

Other courses of inter­ est include Advanced 
Aerospace Medicine for 
Allied Medical Officers, 
Physiological Training, 
H yp erbaric M edicine, 
Operational Aeromedical 
Problems, Flight Nurse 
T raining , 
P reventive 
Dentistry, Global Medi­ cine, Veterinary Surgery and Laboratory Animal 
Medicine. 

The school teaches ap­ proxim ately 2,7oo s tu ­ dents per year including physicians, dentists, ve­ terinarians, engineers, biom edical scien tists, nurses and technicians. 

This includes persons from all m ilitary s e r ­ vices, NASA, FAA and civilian contractors. Sen­ ior Air B’orce medical officers of almost every allied country are g ra ­ duates of the school’s educational programs. 

Clinical sciences: The clinical mission entails exhaustive medical eva­ luations for several cate­ gories of personnel. Can­ didates for special flying assignments, astronauts, 

 returned prisoners of war and air crew members whose fitness for flying is in question are sent to the school. 
They receive a battery of tests including re­ sponses under stress that contrast to ordinary exa­ minations of patients at rest. Consultation service is available to other m a­ jor commands, military services, reserves of the 
A rm ed 
F o rces and m em b ers of allied n a­ tions if approved by HQ 
USAF. 
A pproxim ately 1,ooo clinical evaluations are performed each year. 

The school provides consultative and investi­ gative efforts to prevent or control diseases af­ fecting Air Force per­ sonnel in the CONUS, 
Alaska and Panama. 
It conducts on-site epidemiologic investiga­ tions of public health problems which exceed base capabilities. 
In addition, the school provides technically dif­ ficult laboratory analyses and professional consul­ tation for laboratories in 
USAF facilities. 
L aboratory services are offered in virology, bacteriology, im m uno­ logy, mycology, forensic toxicology and clinical chemistry. 
In addition, the ento­ mology function is the p rim a ry consultant center in the USAF for medical entomology and provides consultation and anthropod identifica­ tion services. 

In support of the De­ p artm e n t of Defense 
Drug Abuse Testing Pro­ gram , the school tests urine for the presence of drug s of abuse from personnel of all military services in a designated area. 

On Oct. 24, 1975, the school was designated the USAF H yperbaric 
Treatment Center where 
Air F orce flyers and emergency cases from the civilian populations can be treated for air embolism, gas gangrene, decompression sickness, etc. 

The School of Aero­ space Medicine is a mul­ timillion dollar facility employing nearly 1,ooo 

 military and personnel. 

AAA TIRE-WHEEL-EXHAUST CENTERS 

® 
"SALUTES OUR MILITARY" 

M 
ANSEN STYLE MAGS 

2o.89 
22.89 
24.89 

1 
“ UNCONDITIONAL 
GUARANTEE” 
‘ AGAINST BREAKAGE 
JACKMAN STYLE WHITE 
SPOKE WHEELS 

14X7 
15X7 . . . . . . . 
1 5 X 8 ............... 

23.89 
;i5X 1o.................... 
23.89 
16.5X825 ............ 
24.89 
16.5X975 ............ 

28.89 
37.9o 
41.9o 

I 
MASTERCHARGE • BANKAMERICARD 
I 
I 
AMERICAN EXPRESS— INSTANT CREDIT J 

OPEN FRIDAY & SATURDAY 
9 A .M .-6 P.M. 

B i e n v e n id o s A m i g o s — - “ Se H a b l a E s p a n o l ’ ’ 

16o2 S.W. MILITARY DR. 
54o5 BROADWAY w 
1849 FREDERICKSBURG 
5o9 EL PASO 

AT AUSTIN HW Y. 

AT DONALDSON 

924-7321 
828-6181 
732-61 18 
828-32o9 

* * *♦ 
* 
* 
* 
* 
¥ 
* 
¥ 
¥ 
¥ 
¥ 
¥ 
¥ 
¥ 
¥ 
¥ 
¥ 
¥ 
¥ 
¥ 
¥ 

¥ 

¥ 
¥ 

¥ 
¥ 
¥ 
¥ 
¥ 
¥ 
¥ 
¥ 
¥ 
¥ 
¥ 
¥ 
¥ 
¥ 
¥ 

’ 

¥ 
I ¥ 
[ ¥ 
¥ 
4*. 

Figure Perfection Salons, international 
Salutes our Patrons 
656-15oo 
3191 NACOGDOCHES 
(MacArthur Plaza Shopping Center) 

J J 

HOURS: 
Monday through 

Friday, 7 a.m. to 8 p.m 

Saturdays 

9 a.m. to 2 p.m. 

The JCPenney Company was already 25 years old when Charles A. 
Lindbergh made his historic solo flight across The Atlantic. 

Now, on the 5oth 
Anniversary of that great event The Penney 
Company is celebrating its 75th Anniversary. 
75 years of continued growth. 

The JCPenney Company in San Antonio proudly joins the Air Force 
Association of Texas in this 

“ Salute to Lindy" 
IAI 
And Armed Forces 
Week. 
JCPenney 

South Park Mall © Windsor Park Mall ll IM 
Northwest Center • Terrell Plaza 
McCreless City • Downtown 

A TRIBf® TO ALL 

OF OUR MILITARY 

FRIENDS DURING sPllII i ** I 
' a it y 
ARMED PO RESS WEEK 

 i ||s Diamond 

 set id: kl. gold 

 p f screw b a c u la ;-;:v 
■t; if v''<»>/ 
~ • ' ■ & 
A. 
134 mis. % 
65W&W 

C. * 424 

 a 5 6 4 o 

€..'*1,4 36 
_ 

F. ‘2 ,6 4 o 
&£::> tit.V;'£/ farrings available 

4-J 
San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS 

N E W Jet Engine Overhaul Facility at Kelly places all engine overhaul work, formerly done in nine buildings, under one roof 

- 

Kelly cradle o f military flight 

Antonio Air L ogistics 
Center (SA-ALC), one of five “ hard core” or per­ manent logistics centers under the Air F orce 
Logistics 
Com m and 
(AFLC). 
Its m ission is p e r­ formed by approximately 
16,5oo personnel who provide premium logis­ tics support ot USAF operational commands. 
In accomplishing this worldwide materiel sup­ port mission in behalf of 
AFLC, San Antonio ALC manages assigned wea­ pon system s and su b ­ systems, engines, parts and other stock item s, and provides m a in te n ­ ance, transportation and other logistics services. 
16 types of planes 
It provides logistics management for 16 types of aircraft, managing an inventory of 3,6oo a ir ­ craft, including the F-5, 
F-5E 
In ternational 
Fighter, F-1o6, C-9, o-2, 
T-38 and C-5. 
Another m ajor w ork­ load is managerial con­ trol of more than 22,ooo aircraft propulsion en­ gines as well as over 
5o,ooo n on -aircraft e n ­ gines — air conditioners, generator sets, refueling units or test equipment. 
San Antonio ALC man- 

Kelly Air Force Base of the e a rlie s t flying earned early fame as the training took place and 
“ cradle of military avia- thousands of top Air tion.” 
Force officers had their 
It was there that much first military service. 
Today it has switched roles and become a focal 
A point in the logistical 
/rn support of the U.S. aero- 
H 
V 
7 / space force. 
WWW// /My/imI linen-covered wBm // JF/f M 
Pennies of World War I m m 
// 
!lavc £iven vva-v to £ iant 
IWy£j£ J j// 
C-5 cargo carriers, the r/^t,1/7 / //F 7 ImI biggest in the Air Force 
€m 
Jw /f/Ml fleet. 
Kelly, established in ll//'/ was 
^ rst mil*’ tarv alr base in Texas y^'M Sm r yS^Iilll'* and is the nldest eontin- unusly active m ilitary airdrome in the U.S. 

F ir s t k ilIe d mmt; lr l l 
It was named in honor 
Lt. George E. M. t r I 
K e l l y 
, the first military l r aviator to lose his life 
I whlle fl>'ir,g a military aircraft. The base ob- served its 6oth anniver- 
S k R sary May 7. 
During World War I, 
'^ "v s 
Kelly grew from a mes- duite patch to the largest 
Dying field in the world. 
; 
Between the world wars, 
- 'iy it became famous as a pilot training center. In l l 
1943, logistics took over 
J. the facilities at Kelly 
V 
Field. 
J 
This 4,ooo acre USAF installation now is the 
) headquarters for the San 

When Bill Sebera opened the doors of his plumbing shop 4 2 years ago at 2 3 1 o Nogalitos, San Antonio’s military 

 community was then already a vital part of our way of life. 

Since I 9 6 3 when Sebera’s became an employee-owned institution, w e’ve been proud to serve the needs of this part of our city's fine population and will continue to do so with fine 

 quality merchandise that stands the wear of time & travel. 

WE SALUTE OUR LOCAL SERVICEMEN 
ACTIVE, & RETIRED, ON ARMED 
FORCES DAY — 1977 

231o NOGALITOS 
4o3 MILITARY DR. 
7o34 SAN PEDRO 

BECAUSE THERE IS A SERTA 
FACTORY IN AUSTIN, PERFECT 
SLEEPER MATTRESS SETS ARE 
PRICED AT ABOUT 

FREE DELIVERY AND SET UP 
OPEN THURS. 'TIL 9:oo 

THE PRICE YOU 

HAVE TO PAY FOR 

OTHER TOP LINE 

SLEEP SETS. 

SHOP THE SEALY 

POSTUREPEDIC, 

OR SIMMONS 

BEAUTYREST AND 

COMPARE 

A TRIBUTE TO OUR ARMED FORCES... 
FOREVER PRESERVING OUR STRONG AMERICAN SOCIETY 
• TWIN 
• FULL 
• QUEEN 
• KING 

6646 SAN PEDRO 
1724 S.W. MILITARY 
3951 FREDERICKSBURG 
828-5444 
922-1691 
736-5878 
SUPERMARKETS 

A day in the life o f a recruit 

 l l 

EACH of the three million recruits who hove passed through Lackland Air Force Base during the past 3o years have undergone grueling physical and combat training. Every male basic trainee spends a full day learning the intricacies of the M-l 6 rifle on Lackland’s firing ranges. Within the next year, the same training will be provided for women. 
HT / k 

BASIC trainees find the going a little steep on the confidence course rope climb. Airmen run the course on their 2oth day of training as part of their physical fitness conditioning program. It consists of 2o obstacles on a .9 mile course. 

THE monkey bars, the final obstacle on the course for Lackland trainees, provides many airmen with a quick dip at the end of a hot day. Considered by many as the toughest on the course, the monkey bars provide every airman with an ultimatum: swing or swim. 

U.S. AIR FORCE PHOTOS 

A E A U yfiM H V s m u m 
LO W E /TA 7L 

The men and women o f our 
A rm ed Forces. 
Thank you fo r a jo b well done. 

9-6 
STORE HOURS 
M O N S A T 

DINETTE WORLD 

J jjjjS — STANLEY S Q U A R E - 

71o6 BLANCO RD. 341-3oo3 

Choose Heirloom Look Dining Pieces 
Meticulously Crafted By Singer! 

Magnificent dining set includes a 42"x42"-66" pedestal table and I arm and 3 side chairs with cane seats ... in genuine Oak solids, veneers & Oak engraved wood products. 
REG. $399*-48" lighted china with leaded glass look.. $347 
REG. $299*-Flip top server with light, casters........... $247 
REG. $499*-Matching corner cabinet (not shown).... $447 

SAVE *152 

® EASTERN 

T H E W I N G S O F M A N 

One Of 6 Nationwide Grand Prize 
Trips For Two To Mexico City 
Via Eastern Airlines! 

$ 

T A B LE & 4 C H A IR S 
597 

REG . $749* 

Spend 7 days and 6 nights at the beautiful 
Holiday Inn Mexico City Downtown Pink: 
Zone via Eastern Airlines. Eastern serves 
Mexico from more than 6o cities. T hey’ve got the right time & the right place for you. 

Slays are on a space available basis (brough Dec 15, 
1977 No purchase required, need not be present to win. 
Register in our showroom. Contest open to anyone over 
IK I evil/ employees, associates and suppliers are not eligible Prizes include transportation and lodging 

Registration Deadline May 24. 1977. 
Drawing June IS. 1977 Trip Must Start 
P r io r lo 
Dec 
I. 
1977 
Noia- 
FscKangeahle, Non Refundable 
•Introductory Offer .. Reg. Price After Sale Ends 

 t 

SAVE *5o 

Enjoy Easy-Living Contemporary 
In Herculon® Olefin And Rich Oak! 

Refresh your room with these upbeat pieces in vibrant, durable Herculon® olefin with rich, solid Oak trim! 

SO FA 
♦Introductory Offer ... Reg. Price After Sale Ends 

REG. $329*-58" Loveseat.................................. $279 
REG . $249*-Recliner..........................................$199 
REG. $499*-Queen Size Sleeper-Sofa................ $449 
REG. $149*-Cocktail Table, 55"x29"................ $139 
REG. $139*-Corner Table, 28"x28"....................$129 
REG. $79*-Chow Table (not shown)....................$69 
REG. $399 

JOIN THE PEOPLE WHO REALLY KNOW... AND YOU LL LOVE IT AT LEVITZ TOO! 

543o GREAT FARE ROAD 
Loop (41o) and 1-36 at Rittiman Rd. Exit 
San Antonio, Texas 
(512) 661*5331 

PRICES GOOD THROUG H 
MAY I 6 

All EMrchAndiac it priori for pickup at our dock in the original factory container. Or, if you wick, well deliver for an additional charge. 

KEEP-YOUR COOL 

If you have a problem 

 your local store manager 

 doesn’t solve, 

Coll Miami, Fla. Headquarters 
Toll Fret 1 -$oo*327-7645 

•CCW TR KIM T I S T M F V I t l F u a illl> a i U W M H U I I O H • 

Frozen Foods 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday May 15 1977 
Logistics aid o 

 contract for logistics ser­ vices and construction. 
The d ire c to ra te is a management consultant and its services are in direct support of U.S. foreign policy. 

Dog training 
Two other unusual roles are management of the D epartm ent of De­ fense’s Military Working 
Dog Program and Air 
Force watercraft. 
SA-ALC recruits, pro­ cesses and m ain tain s 
G erm an shepherds for patrol, sentry and narco­ tics and explosive detec­ tion with m ilitary and other governm ental agencies around the world. 
Management of the Air 
Force’s “ navy” involves approxim ately 142 ves­ sels for rescue and other activities. 
With a long and color­ ful past marked by con­ tinued progress in the lo­ gistics support of the 
U.S. Air Force, Kelly is striving to remain a vital part of the nation’s air arm. 
The glam or that su r­ rounded Kelly during the cadet era while it was the only advanced flying school in the U.S. has di­ minished, but the Kelly mission has become even more im portant to the national defense. 

^ 
THE 
AM AZING 

SEIKO LCD 
DIGITAL QUARTZ 
CHRONOGRAPH 

TF39 engine, which powers the G-5 Galaxy, looms larger than Remigio Martinez, jet engine mechanic at Kelly 

7 a.m. to 12 p.m. Monday Thru Sunday 

SUPER S FOODS 
SUPER S FOODS 
1731 S. W.W. WHITE ROAD 
3o46 I. COMMERCE 
7 A.M. to 12 P.M. 
OPEN • A.M. to 1o P.M. 

LARGE GRADE A 

• Built-in illumination system 
• Stainless steel case 
• Continuous readout 
• Adjustable bracelet 
• A M /PM indicator and date 
• Mar-resist crystal 
OFFICIAL (JSDA FOOD STAMP 
REDEMPTION CENTER 
DOZEN 
SPECIALS G O O D THRU M A Y IR - LIMIT RIGHTS RESERVED 

GLADIOLA 
SAUSAGE 
IEEE 
SHORT RIBS 

 rn 
'cmiNietn m r rn Bt lr it tAl r A ccept 

• Bank Am encard • Master Charge 
• Diners Club • American Express 
• Shoppers Charge • Carte Blanche 
W HOLE 
PO U N D 

8 G R E A T S T O R E S IN T H E S A N A N T O N IO A R E A : 5o1 
East Houston, Downtown • Las Palmas Shopping Center 
• Plaza Terrell Shopping Center • 842 S.W. Military Drive 
• Northwest Shopping Center • McCreless Shopping City 
• Central Park Mail • Windsor Park Mall • Shop Gordon's 
Coast to Coast. 
SLICED 
PO U N D 

5 POUND 
BAG 

CRACKER SIZE 
.......... IB. 

NABISCO 
SALTINES 

POUND 

ZUCCHINI 
SQUASH 

CALIFORNIA VALENCIA 
ORANGES 

TEXAS YELLOW 
SQUASH 

GREEN SLICERS 
CUCUMBERS 

GREEN CRISP HEAD 
CABBAGE.... 

TEXAS MILO YELLOW 
O NIONS 

CALIFORNIA SUNKIST 
LEMONS 

RANCH 
STYLE 

MEANS 
LOW PRICES 
IVORY LIQUID 
DETERGENT 

KRAFT 
ORANGE JUICE 
. gal 

PILLSBURY BIG COUNTRY rn 
BISCUITS a oz. 3 

KRAFT SOFT PARKAY 
DIET M ARGARINE a. 

DAIRYLAND 
ICE CREAM 
Vt GAI 

YA M I t\ 
YOGURT 
.oz J 

FOREMOST 
FRUIT DRINK ... I GAI. FUSTIC 

HUNT’S 
TOMATO SAUCE .oz 

VERMICELLI sox 

PICNIC 
VIENNA SAUSAGE or, 

SW IFTS 
POTTED MEAT 
3oz 

KEN-L-RATION 
DOG FOOD........1$ oz. 

LITTLE BROWNE 
COOKIES 
6 OZ. 

V A N CAM P 
< 
PORK ’N BEANS SS « 

GOLD TIP EARLY JUNE 
PEAS.............. 3oo CAN 

TEXAS 
SODA WATER 12 OZ cans 

CARNATION 
M ILK............ 
TAU CAN 

DOUSLE LUCK 
GREEN BEANS 
3o3 can 

ROYAL 
GELATIN 
3 oz.ox 

AUNT JANES 
PICKLES..............32 oz 

KRAFT 
BAR-B-QUE SAUCE cl 

STARLITE 
SALAD DRESSING 1:o1 

CHAMBRAY QUEEN 
FLOUR................ 25 LB. 

FYNTEX 
TOILET TISSUE 
4.ou 

SUN 
DETERGENT 
... GLANT BOX 

FRONTIER 
PAPER TOWELS JUMBO BOU 

ROEGELEIN 
LARD 
3 LB. CAXTON 

CRYSTAL WHITE 
LIQUID DETERGENT4.oz 

HEINZ 
CATSUP ............. 32 OZ. 

COFFEE 
'JU $3 7’ 

KEEBLER ELFWICH 
COOKIES 
MOZ. 
SUNSHINE 
VANILLA WAFERS B f 

COKE 
SPRITE 

OR 
HR PIBB 

MINUTE M AID 
ORANGE JUICE 

PET RITZ 
PIE SHELLS 
2 

LYNDEN FARMS SHOESTRING 
POTATOES 

PATIO BEEF OR CHEESE 
ENCHILADAS..... 

BANQUET 
POT PIES 
... ASS 

M O RTO N’S 
GLAZED DONUTS 

16 OZ. 

BOTTLES 
I PACK 

PLUS 
DEPOSIT 

 ii 

I 

Medical Center on Lackland Air Force Base is one of the largest medical facilities in the military services. 
As the Air Force’s ma­ jor medical facility, Wil- ford Mall has a three-fold mission of patient care, medical education and clinical research. 
Wilford Hall, largest of the six 
AF m edical centers, is the prim ary clinical component of the 
Air Force Systems Com­ mand’s Aerospace Medi­ cal Division. 
Wilford H all’s com ­ mander, Maj. Gen. (Dr.) 
Paul VV. Myers, is one of three rotating coordina­ tors of the West South 
Central Medical Region which includes six Army, six Navy and 18 Air 
Force medical facilities in Texas, Arkansas and 
Oklahom a to achieve maximum efficiency. 
As the p rim a ry Air 
Force area m edical center, Wilford Hall pro­ vides consultative sup­ port to 22 medical faci­ lities in Texas, New 
Mexico, Oklahoma, Co­ lorado and Louisiana, as well as worldwide refer­ ral support to all other 
Air 
Force m edical facilities, including five medical centers and ll) regional hospitals. 
6o facilities 
Wilford Hall operates from m ore than 6o se­ parate facilities with a professional staff in ex­ cess of 3,ooo. There are nearly 4oo physicians, 4oo nurses, HO biomedical science corps and medi­ cal service corps officers, 
1.8oo enlisted m edical technicians and m ore than 5oo civilians. 
The primary mission of 
Wilford Hall is the health care of the Air Force Mi­ litary Training Center at 
Lackland AFB. But of equal importance is the role Wilford Hall plays as the larg est Air Force medical centers. 
In addition to patient care, more than 5o per cent of all in-house me­ dical education in the Air 
Force is provided. 
Training is available in 
26 specialties, 18 of which are only offered at Wil­ ford Hall. There are 13 fellowships for graduate professional training. 
Clinical research is the third mission. Investiga­ tions carried out in the center’s research labora­ tories have resulted in 

 unprecedented advance­ m ents in su rgical and tre a tm e n t procedures. 
About 24 protocols are completed each year and 
85 are in process p re ­ sently. 
Research projects 
These research p ro ­ je c ts include c an cer treatment, dental work, drug therapy, internal m edicine tre a tm e n t procedu res, psychi at ric t r e a t rn e n t p r o c e d u r e s . experim ental su rgery, and organ tra n sp la n ta ­ tion. 
During the past year. 
189 procedures were car­ ried out in ll specialty areas in support of this research. 
In the field of patient care, 45 clinical sp e ­ cialties are available. 
Air evac aircraft bring patients from far-flung bases around the world to 
Wilford Hall for specia­ lized treatment on a daily basis. 
Some of the unique procedures are cancer therapy, open heart sur­ gery, kidney transplan­ tation. hemodialysis, eye tissue tra n sp la n ts, un­ ique urological p roce­ dures. plastic surgery, total hip replacem ent, sophisticated neurosur­ gical procedures, dental su rg ery , facial reco n ­ struction and a newborn intensive care unit that boasts one of the lowest infant mortality rates in the world. 
Eye bank 
Also am ong Wilford 
Hall’s unique services is its eye bank where eye tissue for tra n sp la n t operations is prepared and donor tissue is pre­ served for future use when no recipient is rea­ dily available. It coor­ dinates the tra n sp o rta ­ tion of eye tissue from donor to recipient throughout the 
Air 
Force. 
The D ispensary S e r­ vices Directorate, com ­ posed of the central dis­ pensary, five satellite dispensaries and the Ba­ sic Medical Processing 
Section, is in the heart of 
L ack lan d ’s Air Force 
M ilitary 
T rain in g 
Center. 
Supplem enting the 

IT’S A R M E D FORCES W EEK! 

"The perfect gift for the wom an in your life.” 

 t 

 isr sn t -jr 

% - f # 

M U SIC BO XES 

FROM SWITZERLAND 

A gift to be cherish­ ed through the years. Com e to see and hear the “ M u s ­ ical C arousel” 

M r . Time’s Ye Olde Clock Shoppe 
81o LOCKHILL-SELMA 
341-o328 
I BLOCK NORTH OF CENTRAL PARK OFF BLANCO 
OPEN 1o-6 TUES.-SAT.— CLOSED SUN. & MON. 
EXPERT W A T C H & CLOCK REPAIR 
ALL W O R K GUARANTEED! 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sund ay M a y 15 1 9 7 7 

M E D IC A L photographer, right, takes I 6 mm footage of one of the newer urological procedures developed at W ilford Hall, which will be used for teaching purposes. r 
USA? PH O T O 

WE SALUTE OUR 
ARMED FORCES 
AUTOPHONE 

CALL AUTOPHONE 
FOR TOTAL 
COMMUNICATIONS 

• POCKET 
PAGERS 
• CAR 
TELEPHONES 
• ANSWERING 
SERVICE 
• 2-WAY RADIO 
SYSTEMS 
1 7 1 o !% ’. >1 A l * 
€ all 
I 
Wilford Hall is largest 
AF hospital 

Wilford Hall United States Air Force "Wfe fight, get beat, rise, and 
£ • 
I i 
• t i right again. 

-General Nathanael Greene 
South Carolina, 1781 

For eight long months, General Nathanael Greene and his patchwork army of rugged militia and rawboned backwoodsmen fought battle after battle against a well-equipped, numerically superior 
British armed force. Time and again, the Americans were beaten back or withdrew But they did, indeed, rise and fight again. It was precisely this kind of dogged determination that won America its freedom from the Crown in the Revolutionary War. 
Always short of men, money and supplies, Greene couldn't afford to risk full-scale war against the might of the British. But he could use his tough, highly mobile forces to fragment the British fighting strength at various strong points and cut off their vital supply routes. And this he did. 
Using startling hit-and-run guerrilla tactics against the rigidly formal brand of British warfare, Greene's strategy paid off. He won the war in the South. Each time the daring General and his men struck and pulled back, obstinately attacked and expeditiously evaded, they so crippled the Redcoats that the treaty of October 19,1781, was inevitable. 
Since the birth of our nation, America's military has met challenge after challenge with Herculean heroism. For 55 of those years, it has been our privilege to serve the officers who have served our country so well. 
Today, nine out of ten active duty officers insure with USAA. 
If you're a Midshipman, Cadet, Regular, National Guard, Reserve or 
Retired officer (whether or not drawing retirement pay), you're eligible to join this elite group. Organized by officers for offi­ cers, USAA offers you outstanding savings and service on almost all the personal insurance you'll ever need. 
From your car to your home to your personal liability. 
For more information on the world of USAA insurance at your command, call USAA, 69o-2211. 

 t a t 
/ i i i 
I 
A world insurance 
We ll be very proud to serve you. at your command. 

$25o,ooo 
CARPET 
INVENTORY CLEARANCE 
WAREHOUSE 

OPEN A 
TOD, 

NACO 

PERRIN 
W A R EH O U S E 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday May 15 1977 w iljora n a offers m edical specialties 

 cis within the director­ ate. MacKown Dental 
Clinic, completed in 1965, is a 52-chair dental care center where five dental residency programs and continuing dental post­ graduate courses are conducted. 
The Veterinary Ser­ vices Directorate estab­ lishes physical stan­ dards, performs medical examinations and pro­ vides care for all military working dogs procured by the Department of 
Defense during training at Lackland. 
It also conducts the largest and most com­ prehensive veterinary public health program in the Air Force. 
Established in 1942 as a 
1oo-bed station hospital for the San Antonio 
Aviation Cadet Center, 
Wilford Hall absorbed the responsibilities of the hospitals at Kelly and 
Brooks AFB’s in addition to responsibility for me­ dical support for Lack­ land during its first de­ cade. 
As the patient popula­ tion grew, more facilities and beds were added and the hospital spread into three ramps of buildings. 
This plant soon became inadequate for modern 
Air Force medicine. In 
1957, World War II faci­ lities were partially eva- 

Cootinaed from Page Ii physician staffing are several physician’s as­ sistants, nurse practi­ tioners and corpsman practitioners. 
The directorate pro­ vides primary care and physical examination services for all basic trainees, tech school stu­ dents, foreign students and permanent party military personnel as­ signed to Lackland. 
It provides primary care for on-the-job in­ juries and physical ex­ aminations for Lack­ land^ civilian personnel. 

Dental services has five separate dental clin- 

M SG T. 
LLOYD 
D O W N EY prepares a fragile human eye for shipment at Wilford 
Hall Medical Center, which has the only eye bank in the Air 
Force 

Outpatient visits 

Laboratory procedures 

Prescriptions 

Surgical procedures 

Area dental lab prostheses 

Dental clinic procedures 

Immunizations 

Renal dialysis (hemodialysis) 

Meals served 

NEVER BEFORE HAS 

M Y CARPET BEEN 

M ARKED THIS 
oV£R ; , s 
SOO ROLLS 

1oos OF 

SHORT ROLLS 
FOR THE DO- 

IT-YOURSELFERS 
I 9 9 

STOCK 

HI-LOW 
SCULPTURED SHAG 

IN 8 BEAUTIFUL C O L O R S 

KITCHEN PRINT 
HI-DENSITY 
RUBBER BACK 

 rn so. y d . 
Completely Installed 
» ^ 5 Q . YO. 
Completely Installed 

SEVERAL ROLLS OF 
COMMERCIAL CARPET 
INDOOR-OUTDOOR 
• O RAN GE • BLUE • GREEN • RED 
• GOLD • RID • SURF 

3,ooo SO. YOS. 1 oo% NYLON 
RED SHAG O R A N G E 

■ S O . YO. 
Completely Installed 
Y V 
W S O YO. 
Completely Installed 

SH AGS 

• BRING YOUR ROOM MEASUREMENTS 
• BRING YOUR STATION WAGON... 
PICKUP...OR RENT A TRAILER 
AND SAVE HUNDREDS OF 
$$$$$$$$$$$$ 

Kitchen Prints 

M AN Y 
IN STORE 
SPECIALS 

SCUlPTU H tO 
SHAGS 

T MISS THIS SALE! CARPET & PAD IN STOCK 

★ W e S a lu te O u r A r m e d F o rce s! ★ 
^ E P IA M q ^ 

We at your GLOBE stores are proud to call San Antonio home and equally proud of those men and women, both military and civilian, who comprise the world’s largest military community... 

Love, honor and cherish her with diamonds from our complete selection of bridal sets. 

 a. 32-Diamond bridal set, 14 karat gold, $1,5oo b. 1o-Diamond bridal set, 14 karat gold, $2,25o c. 49-Diamond swirl bridal set, 14 karat gold, $1,95o 
OPEN 9 TO 9 P.M. MONDAY THRU SATURDAY I PARK FREE 

Open a Zales account or use one of five national credit plans 

Zales R evolving C harge • Zales Custom C harge • BanLAm ericard 

Master Charge • Am erican Express • D iners C lub • Carte Blanche • Layaw ay 

7o5o22, C o p y rig h t, G lo b e S to re s, Inc 

4343 WEST COMMERCE 
49o2 FREDERICKSBURG 
85o5 BROADWAY 

7142 NORTH SAN PEDRO 
238 MILITARY DRIVE SOUTHWEST 
315 SOUTH SANTA ROSA lustrations enlarged' 

 r n 

San Antonio EXPRESS-N E W S — Sunday M ay 15 1977 

H.. 
■<•■ . 
^.sgy§»>- ■ 

:•: w :-:- '«>: 
• <■• 
* w 
' 
' ■ 
■ ■■ ^ ;w -' 
* % .w m L/*> 

MARINE CORPS is noted for its preparedness, since by law it must be ready to carry out “ such duties os the president may direct.” At left, members of the local Marine Corps reserves practice target shooting under simulated combat conditions. See related story, page 1oJ. 

* * 

 d p 
1 > S ' I M 
!w4w 
\ w 
• 
••• • 
•• • . xjS m w • 
• w 
,..v 
N:*&•» n 
>N«t . \ s * • § s„*F+'-v 
M 
: 
* $ ..VSI* • 
S 
* mm. * 

Brooke offers most specialties 

Brooke Army Med­ ical Center at Fort bam Houston is one jot the Army’s largest general hospitals. 

 inspection in the San An­ tonio area. 

PIt provides patient care 
Fi pearly every medical ipecialty and conducts 
»v tensive programs of 
)ow£*raduate medical 
‘ducational and clinical 
Investigation. 

Professional activities 
Lf the medical center are organized into depart- nients of medicine, sur­ gery* psychiatry, obst- etrics-gynecology, pedia­ trics, radiology, den­ tistry and nursing. 
Various specialized jservices are organized mirier these depart­ ments. Independent ser­ vices include physical 
•medicine, clinical inves­ tigation, pharmacy, so­ cial work, health and environment and troop thealth. 
Two activities of the medical center not only jhavjsi local responsibi­ lities but operate on a regional or national scope. The laboratory 
“ Tetivity includes the nor­ mal pathological support of the medical center, and its highly specialized capabilities support mi­ litary medical activities throughout the nation. 

An average day at 
Brooke Army Medical 
Center adds up to a tre­ mendous work load which includes about 
2,7oo clinic visits, 47 pa­ tients admitted, average patient load of 493. IO major surgical proce­ dures, three births, 3o8 immunizations, nearly 
4.ooo prescriptions filled, 
65.ooo laboratory proce­ dures performed, 1,4oo 
X-rays taken and 2,1oo meals served. 

Clinical Specialist Course in which graduates are eligible for examination in most states as licensed vocational nurses. 

The U.S. Army Insti­ tute of Surgical Re­ search, the internation­ ally recognized burn treatment and research unit, is attached to 
Brooke Army Medical 
Center for administra­ tion and support. 

Ambulatory patient 
(out patient) care is a great part of the medical treatment care program at the medical center. 
The emergency room, acute minor illness clin­ ics, internal medicine clinic and a number of specialty clinics account for about one million pa­ tient visits a year. 

Post-graduate medical education is another ma­ jor function of Brooke 
Army Medical Center. 
Residency training is conducted in 19 medical specialties and five den­ tal specialties. 

Moved to Fort Sam 
Houston in 1946, the in­ stitute has since been in­ volved in the four-fold mission of investigating the problems of and complications arising from thermal and me­ chanical injuries; the care and treatment of patients with such in­ juries and the providing of clinical research ma­ terial for adequate studies; the training of physicians in the care and management of burn patients; and in main­ taining related inves­ tigative studies at both the basic and clinical le­ vels. 

Food inspection 
The veterinary activity performs the regular ve­ terinary work for Fort 
Sam Houston and oper­ ates food inspection branches in 
Corpus 
Christi and New Orleans, in addition to the food 

Residency is also con­ ducted in hospital ad­ ministration under the 
Army-Baylor University program in health care administration conduct­ ed by the Academy of 
Health Sciences, U.S. 
Army. Internships are conducted in medicine and dietetics. 

The U.S. Army Re­ gional Dental Labora­ tory, also attached to 
Brooke Army Medical 
Center, provides prosth­ etic dental appliances for military personnel in the middle southwest United 
States, with an annual production rate of more than 13,5oo units. 

LYN training 

Training is conducted in a number of enlisted specialties, including the 

The laboratory also provides consultative services to dental sur­ geons of supported in­ stallations on prostho­ dontics cases. 

 intuit 

TO THE 

GUYS AND GALS 

 of the 

ARMED FORCES 

W E SAY 
T H A N K S ! 

APPLIANCE & EQUIPMENT CO. 

“ Your Full Line CB/h a m Center” 

2317 VANCE JACKSON 
PHONE 733:o334 

OUinSDOKED 
SAUTE TO san r a w s 

M 
I 
W 

 ii im im ■ in in i a 
— — 1 
■■...................—■— 
I S P 

From the Fabric Store Where You lf 
Receive Old-Fashioned Top Quality at Old-Fashioned Prices! 

A com plete line of dress, drapery and upholstery fabrics and associated notions. 

9 3 8 BANDERA RD. a a 
A 
A 
(BANDERA SHOPPING CENTER • FORMER W I. GRANT BLDG.) 
’ T I L JT 
JT 
’ T I L . C # 
1-35 AT EISENHAUER RD. 
NEXT TO M A G N A M ART 

 i i m 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday May 15 I 977 
Marine Corps ready for action; 

* 
* 
* 
* 
T h e y ke e p us fr e e 

 w ju 
Armed Forces Week, May 15-21 

Leanness, high f 
~ 
“ ata , r s 
* 
* 
* 
* 
★ 
★ 
★ 
★ 
★ 
★ 
★ 
★ 
★ 
★ 
★ 
★ 
★ 
★ 
★ 
★ 
★ 
★ 
★ 
★ 
★ 
★ 
★ 
★ 
★ 
★ 
★ 
★ 
★ 
★ 
★ 
★ 
★ 
★ 
★ 
★ 
★ 
★ 
★ 
★ 
★ 
* spirits and readiness history of service and a1- fically, America’s force are all characteris­ tics 
U.S. 
M arine 
Corps Commandant, 
Gen. Louis II. W il­ son, claims for his troops around the world. 
In San Antonio, Lt. Col. 
Thomas C. Horton, com­ manding officer of the 
4th Reconnaissance Bat­ talion, says reserve Mar­ ines here are living up to the standards set by Gen. 
Wilson. 
“ Our 
San 
Antonio 
M arines are ready, willing and able to help our regular 
M arine counterparts any time and anywhere,” Lt. Col. 
Horton said. 
As local Marines join in the observance of 
Armed Forces Week, they are celebrating their 
2o2nd year of service. 
Lt. 
Col. 
Horton stressed that this 2o2nd 

 so a new beginning. 
“It signals a continua­ tion of the Corps’ overall commitment to readi­ ness and quality in tak­ ing hold of a fair share of 
Am erica’s defense bur­ den,” the San Antonio com m ander stated. 
“ Furthermore, it marks a new beginning in terms of achieving this goal. We are not talking about a paper commitment.” 
The Marine Corps re­ mains a people-oriented service with emphasis on new technology. “ The 
M arine Corps still re ­ quires the best efforts of its men and women to provide the most essen­ tial factor in its combat mission,” he said. 
“ Our ultimate goal is readiness, and this has been characteristic of the 
Marine Corps for more than two centuries.” 
The local reserve com­ mander emphasized the 

WE SALUTE OUR ARMED 
FORCES PERSONNEL 
W e service all kinds of key-wind, weight-driven or electronic clocks — new or old. Governm ent claims, a p ­ praisals, etc. 
Mr. Time's 
Y e O ld e C lo c k S h o p p e 

8 1 o L O C K H IL L -S E L M A 3 4 1 - o 3 2 8 
I BLOCK NORTH OF CENTRAL PARK OFF BIANCO 
OPEN 1o-6 TUESL-SAT.— CLOSED SUN. & MON. 

EXP ERT C L O C K & W A T C H REPAI R 

 in readiness. 
“As an armed service, we are com m itted to peace, and we do not see the term s peace and fighting as contradic­ to ry ,” Lt. Col. Horton pointed out. 
“ Peace through readiness is a vital task facing all of us as Americans, and the 
Marine Corps is ready to bear its share of that task.” 
He said Armed Forces 
Week in San Antonio gives San Antonians an opportunity to reflect on how the armed services are carrying out their mandate to bear arms for the common defense. 

The Marine Corps mis­ sion within the defense structure is to perform such “ duties as the pre­ sident may direct.” It is the only service assigned such a mission by law. 
The president is permit­ ted to call upon the Mar­ ines as a ready force in any kind of crisis. 

“ Marines everywhere and San Antonio Marines in particu lar will con­ tinue to stress individual quality, training and physical fitness as essen­ tial readiness character­ istics,” Lt. Col. Horton predicted. “ With this philosophy established, we as Marines are look­ ing forward to the fu­ ture.” 

<sB& 

Texas Greatest 

T\5. M uch more than a jewelry store 

REMEM BERS THE EPIC 
LINDBERGH FLIGHT, AND 
SALUTES *fHE' M ILITARY. 

Celebrating 64lh Year of Service lo San Antonio and South Texas! 

★ CONVENIENT CREDIT TERMS * SERVICEMEN'S 
CHARGE ACCOUNTS INVITED ★ FREE PARKING WITH 
PURCHASE * FREE GIFT WRAPPING ★ YOU MAY 
OPEN, REOPEN, ADD ON YOUR ACCOUNT AT ANY OF 
SHAW'S 4 CONVENIENT LOCATIONS! 

C O N F ID E N C E 
BRAND. 
NAMES 

Gleaming Silver* 

N a tio n a lly fa m o u s S ilv e r- p late , S t e r lin g , S ta in le ss and H ollow are. 

Quality D iam onds^ 

Vie have diamond experts to assist you in your selection of wedding sets, earrings, and loose diamonds. Liberal trade­ in on your present diamonds. 
Let Shaw’s diamond experts show you the difference in diamonds. 

Unique Gifts• 

For every occasion ... from all parts of the world you will find your selection for the 
“ Just Right” gift. 
Appliances — Luggage — Ra­ d io s — Cam eras — Crystal — 
Figurines. 

•Fine Watches' 

Complete selection of Nation­ ally Fam ous Brands in La­ dies’, M en’s and C hildren's watches. Liberal trade-in on y our old w ateh to w ard s a 
S haw ’s B ra n d Name tim e ­ piece. 

COMPARE 
QUALITY 
, NOT PRICE 

DOWNTOWN 
Gunter Hotel 
223-4o71 

CONVENIENT LOCATIONS 

2 SOUTHSIDE LOCATIONS 
SHOPPER S CITY MALL 
9 2 4 -4 8 4 1 

NORTHSIDE 
WONDERLAND SHOPPING CENTER 
7 3 4 -6 6 5 4 

SOUTH PARK MALL 
9 2 4 -5 6 1 2 

1976 
Indianapolis Winner 
Johnny Rutherford says: 

G O O D Y E A R 

‘is - A 

W i n n e r 
. 
. 
. 
, 
, 

G o o d y e a r 
’ 

M; 
I #/. P i 

 m m 

Double Belted 'Polyglas' 

Whitewall 
Regular s/ 

“i n i i ? 

Size 
Price 
PR 

AR7o-13 
$58.2o 
$< I i i 
$2.29 

BR7o-13 
$61.55 
S'* 2 1 1 
$2.26 
BR7o-15 
$62.2o 
$' J-fff 
$2.13 

DR7o-14 
$64.oo 
1 1 1 
^2'52 
ER7o-14 
$65.1o 
S' SM 
$2.67 

GR7o-14 
$73.35 
$!S 
S 
53.1o 
GR7o-15 
$75.35 
1 $‘ 

CO 

CO 
</> 

R 

HR7o-14 
$79.o5 
Si'/ L f; 
$3 32 

HR7o-15 
$8o.9o se9 S3.17 

7o 

RAW WECK - ll HK Mil Wit af im $*» rn wilt IHM you a rim cluck, inuring future fumy ti On ad*trt»**4 price. 

Save On 'Polyglas' 
White Letter Or 
White 
Stripe 

'Custom 
Wide Tread 
Polyglot 

/ 

Now *12 to *19 Off 
'Polyglas'GT 
Wide 
Treads 

Goodyear's All-Time 
Best-Selling Tire 
Regular Low Prices on 
'Custom Power Cushion Potyglas' 

6o-Series.. 
Raised 
White 
Letters 

A78-13 blackwall plus $1.73 F.E.T. and old tire 

Sia 

A7o-13 

D7o-14 

E7o-14 

F7o-14 

Refuter Price 

Wk it* 
Utter 

$45.85 

$51.1o 

$51.95 

$56.15 

White 
Stripe 

NA 

NA 

$49.7o 
$53.7o 

Pin* F .E .T . 
Ne trade needed 

$1.96 

$2.26 

$2.47 

$2.61 is ra w K tflE a i m 
$44 
IcV7!3Wi F T i m 1XT7T3 
$44 r r f r i 'i r ^ T n i g T i i 
$48 
I I M I d lC S ^ I K ^ ^ 
S48 

S A LI ENOS SATURDAY 

$2.78 

$2.84 

$3.o4 

S in tegular 
Price 

E6o-14 
$56.45 

E6o-15 
$58.6o 

F6o-14 
$61.o5 

F6o-15 
$62.65 

G6o-14 
$63.65 

G6o-15 
$65.3o 

H6o-15 
$7o 15 

L6o-14 
$74.85 

Plus F .E .T . 
No trade needed 

Blackwall 
OUR 
Plus F .E .T . 
Size r p r i c e ..,:* ,' and eld tire 
--------------- 

$2.68 
D78-14 
$2.o9 

$2.73 

$2.82 
E78-14 
$2.26 

$2.93 
G78-14 
$2.58 

$3.o7 
H78-14 
$2.8o 

$3.o8 
G78-15 
$2.65 
$3.56 

$3.56 
H78-15 
$2.88 

178-15 
$3.12 

 gaulmoi' 

HK 
SPECIAL SUE 

Save On 78 Series ( 
Tires for Vans and « 
Campers‘Thursday, 
Fit & Saturday 

R A IN C H EC K - lf we sell out of your sire we will issue you a rain check, assuring future delivery at the advertised price. 

E78-14 TL, 
Load Cange C, pius $2.87 F .E .T . 
No trade needed. 

TRACKIER L f 
",e 

Blackwell 
Size 
Type 
Load 
Rang* 

S A L E 
P R IC E 

Plua F.E.T. 
No trad* nttOvd 

G78-15 
T I 
C 
$38.55 
$3.27 

H78-15 
TT 
C 
544.75 
$3.25 

H78-16 
TT c 
544.75 
$3.46' 

L78-16 
T i c 
55o.95 
$3.7o 

Auto Service...For More Good Years in Your Car 

Lifetime 
Wheel Balancing 
$ C 5 o per wheel 

You pay only once! 
FREE rebalance, if needed, at 
Goodyear Store doing the ori­ ginal balancing. 
* for the life of the tread balan­ ced, as long as tire is not dis­ mounted from wheel 

Front-End Alignment 

$ 1 3 8 8 

BrakesYour Choice 

U.S. made cars - parts extra if needed. 

Excludes front-wheel drive cars. 

• Complete analysis and alignment correction - to increase tire mileage and improve steering • Preci­ sion equipment, used by e xp e rien ce d mechanics, helps ensure a precision alignment 

M O 88 

Additional parts extra if needed. 

2-Wheel Front Disc: Install new front disc brake pads • R e p a c k and in­ spect front wheel bearings • Inspect hydraulic system and rotors (does not include rear wheels) 
OR 
4-W heel D rum -type: In sta ll new brake linings all fo u r w h e e ls • Re­ pack front wheel bearings • Inspect drum s and brake hydraulic system, add fluid. 

Just S a y 'Charge It.'.. 
See The Guys 

• Goodyear Revolving Charge • Our Own Customer Credit Plan • Master Charge 
• BankAmericard • American Express Money Card • Carte Blanche • Diners Club 
In The Winners Caps 

G O O D R E A U ' 

So* Your Indeoendent Dealer For HI* Price. PtIc m A* Shown At Goodyear Service S to w In All Communltlt* Served By THI* Newspaper. Services Not Available at Starred Location*. 

G O O D Y E A R SERVICE ST O R ES O pen 
M o n ., W e d . , T h o r*., Fri. 8 to 5 : 3 o Tues., 
9 to 5 : 3 o Sot. B to 5 
- / 

DOWNTOWN 
ST6 S. St. Mary’s 
222-1373 

NORTHEAST 
131* Austin Highway 
824-o2o8 

NORTH STAR 
226 Rector 
344-9786 

NORTH 
47o2 San Pedro 
824-2371 

DOWNTOWN 
4o1 N. A lam o 
227-7381 

PERRIN PLAZA 
11479 Portia-lait#! Rd. 
656-3111 

NEW BRAUNFELS 
625-2323 it KERRVILLE 
257-8484 

NORTHWEST 
356 6 Fredsbp. Rd. 
735-6141 

WEST 
1*11 West Comm tree 
225-7677 

SOUTH 
2131 S.W. Military 
923-4563 

SOUTHEAST 
1346 Fair 
534-5468 

EAST 
3o3o East Com malta 

I 
225-7266 

NORTHWEST 
1498 Hillcrest 
434-31o6 

FREDERICKSBURG it 
997-7556 
SEGUIN 
3 7 9 -2 2 8 o 
L 

BARBER TIRE A APPLIANCE 
Devine, Texas 
663-57o6 

B A U M A N TIRE 
23o1 Cincinnati 
735-5251 

 j SPEIER AUTO SERVICE CENTEi 
I a 
421 Fredericksburg Read 
W 
734-4385 
* 
★ 
'l 

A T A S C O S A TIRE CENTER 
119 W . Oaklaw n Hwy. 97 W est 
Pleasanton, Texas 569-3484 

'RAN DO LPH TIRE CENTER, INC. 
829 Rat Seeker Read 
Universal City, Tx. 

* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 

EXPERT. CIOCX & WATCH REPAIR 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEW S— Sunday M ay 15 1977 our men oc women in 

San Antonio owes more than most cities to the military services of our nation, as both enlisted and retired soldiers in great numbers call San Antonio home. 
They help make San Antonio the unique city it is, providing a diverse cultural and economic climate. 
Hut more than that, the United States 
Armed Forces have made America the un­ ique country it is today. 
This country was founded in war, and unfortunately, war has marked our history at various intervals. Hut more frequently than not, there has been peace, which would not have been possible if the United States were a weak nation, able to be trampled on. 
Only through strength and readiness can 
America’s fighting men and women keep the peace and with it. our basic freedoms. 

WE SALUTE THE 
ARMED FORCES 

^ F I N E CLOCKS— -WATCHES— JEWELRY 
SALES AND SERVICE 
5o6 W. Hildebrand 
733-9179 
One Block West of San Pedro 

'it-* 
. - 
^ 
^ 
\ 
^ 
* * 
' 
* “l i f r iilP 
< 
. . 4 # ^ rvjnr 
* 
,*■ 
■..* w ms** 
J ***>» 

 handily to San Antonio, both economically and cul- times at Brooks during those days, ready to fly its turally. Aviation history has come a long way since pilot and a doctor to a crash scene, not infrequent the first bases were established locally during W orld during pilot training. A stretcher could be lowered 
W ar I. The famous Curtiss JN-4D “ Jenny,” above, into the area behind the second seat. But aircraft was used by the Army medical corps during W orld have changed drastically since those days, and now 
W ar I. This aircraft was on a standby status at all the scene below is much more common. 

M A N Y of the world’s top flyers have trained at San 
Antonio’s four Air Force bases — Randolph, Lack­ land, Brooks and Kelly. Each occupies a unique niche in the Air Force, orienting recruits to military life, studying particular medical problems encountered in flight, training pilots, logistics. Each also attributes 

FROM KAROTKIN'S... 
OUR SNAPPIEST SALUTE 
TO OUR FRIENDS IN 
THE ARMED FORCES 

W e at Karotkin's Furniture are happy to 

 have this opportunity to express our sincere 

 best wishes to all the members of the United 

States Armed Forces in the San Antonio 

 area and throughout the world wherever 

 they may be stationed. 

They and those who came before them have 

 served their country well in war and in peace 

 and richly deserve the thanks of all her 

 citizens. 

W e are particularly happy at having this 

 chance to publicly recognize the many 

 valuable contributions that the armed forces 

 have made to our city of San Antonio down 

 through the years. Service men and women 

 have over the years participated in the 

 social, cultural and athletic activities of San 

Antonio as well as constituting a strong 

 factor in the economic life of our city. 

Karotkin's Furniture has been pleased to 

 serve the members of our Armed Forces since 

1882, and we at Karotkin's look forward to 

 many, many more years of this most 

 pleasant relationship. 

A SALUTE TO OUR MILITARY! 

 v Enjoy a ‘little bit” of heaven right here 
V on earth — Relax at home with the peaceful tick-tock, chime or strike of a clock. W e have a large selection of all kinds of new clocks. 
Mr. Time's 
Ye Olde Cleek Shoppe 
| 
81o LOCKHILL-SELMA 341-o328 

I 
I BLOCK NORTH OF CENTRAL PARK OFF BLANCO 
OPEN 1o-6 TUES.-SAT — CLOSED SUN. & MON. 

You ll be amazed at the bargains you find in the 
Want Ads! 

We’re In Step With You 
ALL THE WAY!! 

A STERLING 
SALUTE TO OUR 
MILITARY 
PERSONNEL- rn jh . i t ’s 
I 
* i i f y r 
ARMED 
FORCES 
'TP WEEK 

 m akes every house * little more like home 

4 Great furniture stores serving San Antonio 

Int l. Airport 

.ornerier ce 
S T E R L IN G 
5 □ U N □ 

North Star Mall 

E. Southcross 

Big M City 
S. New Braunfels & 
E. Southcross 534-6181 
Open 1o-9 Mon., Thurs., Fri 
Open 1o-6 Tues., Wed., Sat 

7 J 7 N V Loop L IO — 311-81 11 
11o7 SXL M ilitary D r.— 924-5931 

4933 W alzem Kd .— 654-6o26 
46oo San Ped ro A ve.— 735-9173 

 t i l Pat B o o k e r R d .— 658-7o77 (U niversal City) 

Broadway 
98o3 Broadway 
824-94o2 
Open 1o-9 Mon., Thurs., Fri 
Open 1o-6 Tues., Wed., Sat 

North Star 
San Pedro & Loop 41o 
342-2331 
Open 1o-9 Mon., Thurs., Fri 
Open 1o-6 Tues., Wed., Sat 

Downtown 
231 E. Commerce 
227-6362 
Open 1o-6 Mon. thru Sat except Thurs. Mite 'til 9 

Training recruits is worthwhile job 

Even Lackland^ most successful m ilitary training instructor will quickly adm it that be­ coming a member of his elite group is not as sim­ ple as putting on a 
“ Smokey the Bear" hat. 
S.Sgt. John Piekalski is just one of more than 
7oo military training in­ structors charged with helping young men and women make the transi­ tion from civilian to Air 
Force life in ju st six short weeks. 
Assigned to the 37o3rd 
Basic Military Training 
Squadron, Sgt. Piekalski has produced 19 honor flights out of the 23 he has trained during his three years here. 
Like his counterparts, the sergeant completed a grueling, five-week course that prepared him for the job. Also like his counterparts, Sgt. P ie­ kalski was a volunteer for the job. 
The Instructor T rain­ 

 ing School is the only one of its kind in the Air 
Force. In five weeks, the school teaches prospec­ tive instructors how to conduct an open ranks inspection, classroom techniques, drill and cerm em onies, physical conditioning and numer­ ous other aspects of basic m ilitary tra in in g ’ with special emphasis on hu­ man relations. 
In fact, 2o hours, IO per cent of the allotted time, is devoted to dealing with people. 
Every volunteer for m ilitary tra in in g in­ structor duty must meet stringent - criteria before he or she is even consi­ dered eligible to enter the training school. 
T heir past record is personally examined by the com m ander of the 
Basic M ilitary School. 
They m ust be reco m ­ mended for the duty by their present commander and must undergo psy- chological screening. 

Their past record cannot be marred by any kind of adm inistrative or jud i­ cial punishment. 
To insure that only m atu re individuals become in stru cto rs, there is a requirem ent that volunteers be at least a sergeant. 
Completion of instruc­ tor train in g school doesn’t put an individual in charge of a group of basic trainees. 
F irst comes several weeks of duty as an as­ sistant to an already ex­ perienced in stru cto r, who will closely scrutin­ ize the fledgling’s every action. 
Only after this on-the- job perform ance has been throroughly e v a­ luated will the decision be made to either permit the individual to continue as a training instructor or send him or her back to the original c a re e r field. 
Sgt. Piekalski claims he has been very fortun­ 

 ate. “ Without my wife’s support and understand­ ing,’’ he said, “ I don’t believe I would have done as well as I have.” 
It does take an un derstan ding wife to support an in stru c to r who is married. Like Sgt. 
Piekalski, in stru cto rs are usually up at 5 a.m. with their recruits and they will put in a day that runs anyw here from eight to 16 hours. 
According to Sgt. Pie­ kalski, who has supervised the transition of more than 1,ooo people to Air Force life, the long hours are worthwhile. He says there is nothing more self-satisfying than helping young people build confidence in them selves and seeing the pride they display when they learn they have been judged tops among their peers. 
“ To m e ,’’ he said, 
“ that’s what being a mi­ litary training instructor is all about." 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday May 15 I 977 

MILITARY parades, including a review of the troops, are an old military custom still an important part of Lackland training 

Maartitvs * "iHiin-' 

' ■' iO K H tG A N .' A K O ": . •; 

 f ^ S S I O t t A l H A I* fASHIONS 
W E SALUTE r n 
ALL * .. •. ' 
MILITARY 
; v • 
-Jf ■ b 

: 
WOMf-N S & Mf.N S' 

H A I R S T Y L I N G 

>12o1 PAT B Q O KfR RD 
UNIVERSAL ( U Y , TEXAS 
658-521 I i;m >\i\ i i:» solid wood n i t M w i t i : 

Caring about boys has been a 91~year tradition at San Antonio Academy. 

Established in 1886, San Antonio Academ y is the oldest private military school west of the 
Mississippi. W e offer an outstanding faculty and curriculum for your son , p re-sch ool through 8th grade. 
Our low teacher/student ratio allows individu­ alized attention for each boy. In a military environm ent w hich enhances self-discipline, we offer a well rounded program emphasiz­ ing strong acad em ics, a th letics, cultural activities and non -dem oninarional chapel services. 
W e care about your son at San A n ton io A ca­ demy. Call, write or com e by for an appoint­ ment if you’re interested in the best education your son can experience. 

TSO (br the look of fashion. 

Frames are the thing in fashion this year. Frames by the world's great designers: Givenchy, Oscar de la Renta, 
Christian Dior. And TSO has fashion frames in colors and styles to fit every fancy. 
And, of course, at TSO convenient credit is available. 
For the finest in prescription eyewear and the latest in fashion, look to TSO. At TSO we care how you look at life and how life looks at you. 

LACKLAND trains all security and law enforcement per­ sonnel for the Air Force and operates an anti-terrorist training facility ar Cam p Bullis 
Lackland is first step for recruits 
For the graduate, theres no present like the time. 
Lackland Air Force Base, home of the Air 
Force Military Training Center, is probably the best-known installation in the Air 
Force. 
D u rin g th e p a s t 3o to m ake beds, a rra n g e years, almost three mil- and d isp la y c lo th in g , lion e n lis te d m en and m a k e id e n tific a tio n women com ing into the m a rk in g s and e m er- 
Air F o rce have un d er- gency procedures, gone transition from ci- 
By the fifth day, chapel 
 life at this huge base on the southwestern edge of 
San Antonio. 
I 
Today, m ost train ees 
H H 
B I a r r iv e by c o m m e rc ia l 
H H 
8 I airlines and travel across 
^ H rn I town by bus to Lackland. 
I 
J 
The first stop is the Re- 
I ception Center, where the I newcomers are assigned 
I to 47-person “ flig h ts ,” 
I th e ir first m ilita ry or- I 
.. ionizations. 
I g r- 
- 
The first few days are 
I 
— - = s=s the m ost h ectic. B ut I B U T under the firm guidance I of the two military train- 
I r 
L 
-pf ing instructors assigned 
I n to each flig h t, the ad- 
I ju stm e n t ta k e s hold 
I ii 
I quickly. 
I I L 
Each trainee gets $5o I o f advance pay, followed by 
I a $1oo p aym ent on the 
I 
O 
15th day of training. The 
I 
KlrC* new airm en s ta rt their I personnel records, which 
I 
* 7 ^ will follow th e m 
I throughout their careers. 
I 
They take tests, complete I m edical and d ental ex- I REG. 76.95 anis and receive detailed 
I a a orientation briefings. 
I 
D 
V 
. W 

Dorm discipline I 
- 
The in s tru c to r lives 
| g with the recruits the first 
I 
24 h ours, a c q u a in tin g 
I 
/ ^ H h L a . them with dormitory,dis- 
I 
WI 
I F V * cipline by teaching them . I 
I / 
Ll 

MEDICAID PATIENTS WELCOME 

San Antonio Area TSO Locations 

3638 Fredericksburg Rd *516o Broadway • Central Park Mall • 327 W Commerce 
171o Fredericksburg Rd • Plaza de las Palmas • McCreless Plaza • 84o S. W Military Drive 
3o9 E. Houston • North Star Mall • Windsor Park Mali • 2o3 A W. Water (Kerrville) 
Open Saturdays until 1:oo p.m. 

FUftNITURI 

SALUTES THE ARMED FORCES 
TABLE 
< 
SALE 

A. Ladies' gilt dialed watch 

 with woven-like bracelet $ 1 3 5 .o o 
B. M en's self winding, date watch with blue dial .. 
$ 7 9 .5 o 
C. M en's self-winding, day 

 date with adjustable band $ 5 9 .5 o 
D. Ladies' watch with white top with textured dial 

 and bracelet.................$ 1 1 o .o o 

36” 
PEDESTAL 
TABLE 

REG. 1o9.95 
N O W 
82.99 

All watches with 17 jewel movement, 
All styles shown not available in all stores. 

EVERY DINING 
TABLE 
IN STOCK — 
ON SALE! 

I! 
CHOOSE FROM OAK, 
(J) fj 
MAPLE, WHITE BIRCH, SUGAR PINES 

— QUANTITIES LIMITED IN SO M E STYLES — 
EXTRA SPECIAL! BUY 4 OR MORE REGULARLY PRICED CHAIRS 
WITH YOUR TABLE, AND SAVE 1o% ON THE CHAIRS! 

SALE ENDS M A Y 21 
142 S.W. MILITARY • 9 2 4 -S I71 •• 6842 SAN PEDRO • 824-7249 

8 G R E A T STO RES IN THE SAN ANTONIO AREA: 5o1 
East Houston, Downtown • Las Palmas Shopping Center 
• Plaza Terrell Shopping Center #842 S.W. Military Drive 
• Northwest Shopping Center . McCreless Shopping City 
• Central Park Mall • Windsor Park Mall • Shop Gordon's 
Coast to Coast. 

» 
♦ 

OVER 2,ooo students from 35 countries ore currently learning English at Lackland’s Defense Language Institute, funded by participating nations 

IN APPRECIATION OF OUR 
COUNTRY’S MILITARY 

HEADS 
UP 
TO 
NEW 

SUMMER 

SPECIAL 

$75o 
Curling Iron or Blow Dry with Permanent 
Curly and straight hair can be fashioned for a short look this summer that stays in place in wet and dry weather. Short hair is easy to dry after a dip in the pool and takes its place perfectly if you have the correct cut and wave. 
Plaza 
All AroundBeauty Salon 

 d Town. See P. 158 bellow Pages 

ALL military working dogs for the Defense Department are trained at Lackland, plus canines for selected civilian police agencies. The obstacle course familiarizes dogs with hazards in the field, such as this m ake-believe window. 
USAP PHOTOS 
Civilians changed into GIs at Lackland 

 guides are chosen, with one representative for each major faith group. 
Squadron com­ manders, one for each of the 13 basic m ilitrary training squadrons, in­ terview dormitory chiefs at least once every two weeks concerning poten­ tial illegal activities, harsh treatment or training malpractice. 
This responsibility can­ not be delegated by the commanders. 
During the first seven days of training, trainees are kept busy with job classification interviews, clothing fittings, testing and other activities. 

ALL-TIME FAVORITE WITH 
MILITARY FAMILIES VERY 
SPECIALLY PRICED 
N O W THRU M AY 21! 

REG. 339.95 

Another sleeping beauty! handsome couch by day that will convert to sin­ gle or queensize sleeping space by night. 
With two 
3o” wide mattress­ es ort metal frame with easy bottom pop-up unit! 
Available in the three colors of... green, blue or rust. Complete with handsome fitted coverlet and 2 matching wedge rhaped bolsters. 
DUPLEX HI-RISE BED 

FREE DELIVERY ANYWHERE IN BEXAR COUNTY! 
RICH 

F U R N I T U R E & A P P L I A N C E S 

4 9 2 2 S*W M I L I T A R Y D R 
6 7 3 - o 8 7 1 

“CREDIT 
ASYOU LIKEST” jr r ™ L 
'I ii - * - 7 >• i " J I '"V 
L ^ -'J 
'(------ 

NCOA 
APPROVED 

Base liberty is not authorized until after the 
1oth day. After the 25th day, an off-base pass is given, permitting re­ cruits to visit San Anton­ io. 
Classes set 
By the seventh day of training, academic classes have been scheduled for each flight of recruits and their days are then divided into halves — classes in one half and drill, physical conditioning and squa­ dron duty in the other. 
Instruction covers Air 
Force organization and history, career advance­ ment, communicable diseases, customs and courtesies, human relations, group living, birth control, teamwork, illegal use of drugs, first aid, personal affairs, se­ curity and marksman­ ship. 
Each recruit completes 
3o days of training before going on to a technical school in some specialty, either at Lackland or at another base within the 
Air Training Command, or in some cases, directly to on-the-job instruction in an Air Force assign­ ment. 
Upon graduation from basic training, each air­ man without dependents is paid $29o, while those with families receive $51o each. 
Arab Air Force 
Lackland has provided 
Air Force-style basic training to recruits of the 
Royal Saudi Arabian Air 
Force since late 1975, with all costs being borne by the Saudi government. 
The Saudis, who re­ ceive English, math and science courses, are trained by a special squadron and a hand­ picked cadre of volunteer training personnel. The program will peak later this year, when about 8oo 
Saudi airmen will be training here. 
Almost 8o,ooo basic trainees go through the 
Lackland program each year, but that’s a light load compared to the unequalled massive build­ up during the Korean hostilities. The base’s population swelled from 
23,334 in June 195o to 
36,513 just six months later. 
In a single day during early 1951, more than t>,UUU recruits arrived for training. Things got so hectic during the period that basic training was cut from 4o days to 14 and then the training pro gram collapsed. 

In early .January 1951, an enlistments were sus­ pended as more than 
71 .OOO recruits were housed at Lackland, more than one-third of them living in tents. 
The backlog finally broke up and Lackland went back to a 48-day program the next month. 

• CARPET • FLOORING • CERAMIC TILE 
541o GLEN RIDGE 
227 FREDERICKSBURG 
(LOOP 41o at EVERS) 
(AT CULEBRA) 
681-314o 
732-2121 
OPEN 8:oo-5 P M. MON.-FRI. 
OPEN 8:oo-5 P.M. MON.-FRI. 
9:oo-3 P.M. SAT. 
9:oo-3 P.M. SAT. 

T f i r e s t o n e 

\ ZANE TRUMAN TIRE CO.! 

Sun A n to n io ** lira*n clio * 

 ail A nneal h i r e r * 

M ilita ry w h o 

 i*onIrilnaIak *ai naiia'h tai 

 aiur Io n *I w a y alf life 

 amal inaika* Man Anlamiai 

Ilia- f»ra»aafak*l |ilaa*a* in 

Ilia* YI atrial tai Ll va*! 

• LAI ’K LA A ll A .F .B . 
• I T . SA M HOI STO A 

I .S. A It .TI V 

• ItAM M ILI’ II A .F .II. 
• K E L L Y A.F.II. 
• lilt OOHS A .F .II. 

WHY BUY A N 
UNKNOW N-When You Can Have a Firestone! 

Tires • Brakes • Alignment • Tune Ups • Auto Air Con­ 

 ditioning • Mufflers • Shocks • Front End Suspension • Bat­ 

 teries • Mags • W hite Spoke Wheels. W e Are Specialists 

 on Twin I-Beam, V W , Corvette, and Import Car Alignment. 

W e G ladly H onor The Follow ing: 

• BANKAMERICARD 
• SHOPPERS CHARGE 
• TEXACO* 
• CARTE BLANCHE 
• AVCo 
• MASTERCHARGE 

*6oo7 WEST AVE. AT LOOP 41o 
ONLY IS OR 2o MINUTES FROM ANYWHERE IN THE 
SAN ANTONIO AREA 
« . ^ 
ONTHELOOP 
PHONE 3 4 2 - 9 4 7 6 

OY A RM LII I 
FO U LKS HAY 5 
WK SA L U T E : S 

I 

5345 WALZEM ROAD 
SERVING V/INDCREST A N D CAMELOT A N D 
S U R R O U N D IN G AREAS 
O M * rn 

 phone 6 5 5 - 8 4 1 1 

Read 
R o d d y 7 S t i n s o n 
Every D ay in the Express. 

WE SALUTE 
CHARLES 
LINDBERGH 
AND 
SAN ANTONIO'S 
GREAT MILITARY 
INSTALLATIONS 

San Antonio EXPR ESS-N EW S— Su n d ayM ay 15 1977 

THIS Thor missile, one of 46 aircraft on display at Lackland’s History and Traditions Museum, seems to guard the structure 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday May 15 1977 
Randolph trains nation’s pilots 

Randolph Air Force 
Base is home for the 12th 
Flying Training Wing, including Air Training 
Command Headquarters, the AF Military Person­ nel Center, the AF Re­ cruiting Service and the 
Community College of the Air Force. 
The impact of each of these headquarters is felt daily throughout the Air 
Force. From Air Train­ ing Command comes the directives regulating for­ mal training, and from the Military Personnel 

Center, the personnel ac­ tions that affect each Air 
Force man and woman in 
.he aerospace force. 
It is from the 12th Fly­ ing Training Wing and its predecessors at Ran­ dolph that many of to­ day’s air leaders gained their Air Force exper­ ience. 
Randolph is now and has been since its begin­ ning 45 years ago, a base with a primary mission of teaching men to fly. 
T rainin g co urses in flight have ranged in 

 planes with a speed ca pability of less than IOO miles per hour to the present-day N orthrop 
T-38 Talon which can ex­ ceed the speed of sound. 
Brig. 
Gen. 
Harold 
Clark, who died in 1973, designed Randolph. In 
1926-7, when he made his preliminary sketches, he was an Air Service lieu­ tenant and dispatch of­ ficer at the nearby Kelly 
Field motor pool. 
Maj. Gen. F rank P. 
Lahm, then commander of the Gulf T raining 

C enter, liked the sketches and made him architect in charge of the 
Randolph Field Project, at that time the largest construction project un­ dertaken bv . the 
U.S. 
Army since the Panama 
Canal. 
When Randolph was dedicated June 3o, 193o, 
15,ooo people attended the ceremony which in­ cluded a flyby of 233 air­ craft, estim ated as the largest assembly of air­ c ra ft in the world and probably all the Air 

WY f l V l U V I J U U I V V U L V l U U g I on home fixups ...or need everything to build an entire house ... for the professional or the Do-it-yourself er... 
Alamo Enterprises has everything to build anything! 

From a modest single store to an eight store chain with units in four South Texas communities, Alamo Enterprises’ 15-year ex­ pansion could not have been possible without the acceptance we received from our good San Antonio customers. We re proud ol the economic climate which America and we feel gratitude to 
Armed 
Forces, both pride and predation that ment and employees of 
Alamo Enterprises extend a hearty "SALUTE” to our military community 
ARMED FORCES DAY 
1977. 

 in has thrived, a debt of our nation’s 
It is with heartfelt ap- t lie manage- 

OPEN 7 D A Y S A W EEK 

► WEEKDAYS 8 to 6 

SATURDAYS 8 to 5 

► SUNDAYS IO to 5 
NORTHSIDE 
4831 West Ave. 
344-o167 
SOUTHSIDE 
67oo S. Flores 
924-5o81 
. 

NORTHEAST 
391 I Eisenhauer 
653-313o 
EASTSIDE 
4654 Rigsby Ave. 
648-35oo 
WESTSIDE 
453o W. Commerce 
434-7265 

USE BANKAMER1CARD 
OR MASTERCHARGE ON 
ALL PURCHASES AT A-E. 

Corps could muster. 
Randolph began in 1925 when training re q u ire ­ ments for Air Corps pi­ lots became too great to be handled by Brooks and Kelly Fields and the 
Air Corps wanted another flying field in San Anton­ io. 
Land purchased 
A site was finally se ­ lected and the citizens of 
San Antonio began to ac­ qu ire options on the necessary land. They bought the required acreage for $5o8,247 and, on June 9, 1928, the San 
Antonio 
A irport 
Co. handed the deeds to the government. 
After a site was select­ ed, a committee was ap­ pointed to decide upon a name for the new field. 
One of the men on this board was Capt. William 
M. Randolph, who was killed while taking off from G orm an 
Field. 
Subsequently, the board recommended Randolph 
Field as an appropriate name. 
Flying training 
Since Maj. Frederick 
L. Martin took the reins as the first base com ­ mander at Randolph in 
1931, there have been 33 others who have filled this post, and alm ost twice as many mission changes, but throughout, the primary job has re­ m ained unchanged — flying training. 
E arly in 
1931, the 
School of Aviation Medi­ cine from Brooks AFB and the first cadets from the Air Corps F lying 
School at Duncan Field, now part of Kelly AFB, began relocating on Ran­ dolph. 
The first class for these c adets opened Nov. 2, 
1931, with the school re­ nam ed the Air Corps 

Primary Flying School. 
T raining continued along these lines until 
1939 when the m ission changed to basic pilot training. It was during this time that 125 civilian instructors were trained on Randolph. 
This was designed to provide uniformity in the flying training that was then being done on con­ tract by a civilian flying school. 
Central school 
Cadet training contin­ ued until M arch 1943 when it was replaced with the Central Instruc­ tors School For the next two years, training in­ structors for Air Corps prim ary, basic and ad ­ vanced flying was the p rim a ry m ission, and 
12,585 pilot instructors 

A Stearman PT-13A with instructor and trainee make a flight over Randolph during a training mission before 
World W ar ll 

STEARMAN PT-13A aircraft are lined up at Randolph Field ready for student pilots in 1938 

Randolph was d esig ­ nated the 351oth Combat 
Crew Training Wing on 
Jan. I, 1952, and for the next six years, this type of training was the pri­ m ary m ission of R an ­ dolph. 
Helicopters 
Men were trained for the 
B-29 and 
B-57 bom bers, the 
C-119 transport and the KC-97 tanker. During this per­ iod, the helicopter school moved to Randolph from 
Gary AFB in San M ar­ cos. 
H ead qu arters, 
Air 
T raining 
Com m and moved from Scott AFB, 
111., to Randolph in Sep­ tem b er 
1957. 
This headquarters for 17 bases made the shift so it could be more centrally located to its training activities, co ncentrated in the 
South. 
The School of Aviation 
Medicine was relocated and returned to Brooks 
AFB in 1958. Of all the units on Randolph, this ane rem ained the lon­ gest, 28 years. 
In Ja n u a ry 196o, the 
Air Training Command 
Instructor Course was begun and shortly there­ after, 
ATC supervisor training was inaugurat­ ed. 
Train teachers 
A few months later, the 
USAF Basic Pilot In ­ structor School was es­ tablished with 
R an­ dolp h’s 351oth Flying 
Training Wing as the re­ sponsible agency. The w ing’s mission was to train Air Force pilots as instructors in the class­ room and cockpit, the only Air Force pilot instructor class in the country. 
In Ju n e 1963, R an­ dolph’s becam e even more diversified, as the 
M ilitary 
A ssistance 
Training Program relo­ cated its flying and on- the-job training for of­ ficers and men from for­ eign nations here. While on 
R andolph, 
51 

A formation of Stearman PT-13A fly a mission from 
Randolph the same year 

 graduated. 
In April 1945, this school specialized in transition train in g for 
B-29 bombers. From De­ ce m b er 1945 to March 
1948 prim ary and basic pilot training was offered on Randolph. 
In March 1948, primary pilot training was deleted from the program, and in 
August, the wing was de­ signated the 351oth Basic 
Pilot T rain ing Wing. 
From the end of 1947 to 
195o, the activities at 
Randolph were som e­ what curtailed. 
In August 195o, the 
351oth 
Com bat 
Crew 
Training Group was acti­ vated. Later in the same year, the phase-out of the 
Pilot T raining Course began and the first class of B-29 com bat crew s graduated Dec. 12. 

In August 1951, the last class of aviation cadets gradu ated from R an ­ dolph. While the p ro­ gram was here, 15,396 were trained. 

• Water Purification Systems designed to insure that “extra” in water sanitation. 

• Recirculation Systems that operate at less than I /2 the cost of others. 

SAM AMTOMIO— 11 I MF. Loop4 IO 
AUSTIN — 1oo7 W. Anderson Lane 
DALLAS — 2424 Royal Lane 

W hat M ake s Am erica’s M ilitary Strong? 

Q uality! In San Antonio w e are constantly rem inded of the thousands of fine men serving in our Arm ed Forces. 
W e salute them for their efforts in keeping our Nation free and strong. 

Du know our secret. 

Apre-engineered structure—virtually unyielding to the ravages of time; especial I y in San Antonio’s expansive soil. 

• Beautiful tile, coping, and decks—built together to stay together. 

And San Antonio’s largest pool builder to back up the facts. 

Free Estimates and 1oo% Financing 
3413331 

HANDY ANDY 
APPLAUDS 
SAN ANTONIO S 
MILITARY... 
J 

A REFLECTION 
OF PRIDE IN 
EXCELLENCE.. 

A super supermarket and then some 

 honors 

C P * our military 

 on Armed Forces Day! 
Come see our fine selection of quality carpets. 

3 4 8 3 F R E D E R IC K S B U R G RD. 
734-43o3 

HOURS: 

Thors, til 8 p.m 

Weekdays til 5:3o 

Saturdays til 5:GG 

WATCH FOR COMING 
IN-STORE MERCHANDISE j _ in>9iv/KE iriEKvnMi'ii/iac 

TO 
Thursday, Friday, & Saturday 3 DAYS 

COME 
M A Y 1 9 - 2 o - 2 1 
ONLY 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday May 15 1977 

A SALUTE TO OUR M ILITARY 

PERSONNEL! erie 
( antral Park Mall 

SALE! 
Slimmer Wedges 

Keg. to S U). CMT 
18.99 rht'v’re specially priced (or super rom- 

 fort with all the right 

Summer looks. Choose 

 from it collection of low 

 and high wedges in 

 solids or two tones. 

T raining S q u a d ro n a t R a n d o lp h 

Erma Bombeck: 

G uaranteed lo Start Y our Dav uitli a Laugh. 

Every day in the Express. 

THE C E S S N A T -3 7 s t a n d s r e a d y fo r m e m b e r s o f th e 
5 5 9 t h 
F ly in g 
Grad school offered 

Pilots have been trained in the basic and primary phase of flying, returned for instructor training, or had gone through combat crew training, but, ex­ cept for one experimental group, never has a pilot won his wings at Ran­ dolph. 
This changed when 21 foreign students received theirs Jan. 15, 1964. 
Train pilots 
The Department of De­ fense announced in 
January 1967 that Ran­ dolph was to become an undergraduate pilot training base (U P T ) within 
A ir 
Training 
Command. With this an­ nouncement, Randolph lost its distinction of be­ ing the only graduate school where flying teachers were taught. 
With its new mission, 
Randolph again began to train students to pilot aircraft in the 351oth 
Flying Training Wing. 

Last undergrad 

Randolph maintained its pilot training mission jntil October, 1971 when it graduated its last un­ dergraduate pilot train­ ing class. This mission of 
;he wing then returned to pilot instructor training and once, again, Ran­ dolph became the only 
^\ir 
Force graduate school for instructor pi­ lots. 
On May I, 1972, the 
351oth was deactivated and the combat proven 
12th Tactical Fighter 
Wing was redesignated the 12th Flying Training 
Wing and activated on 
Randolph. 

 sented in this program. 
1931, Randolph has been countries were repre- 
Since its beginning in y flying training base. 

On 
ARM ED 
FORCES DAV 
W e’re Glad 
To Take This 
Opportunity 
To Salute 
All Members O f The 
U.S. Armed Forces. 
BUT ESPECIALLY ALL 
MEMBERS STA TIONED HERE 
IN 
SAN ANTONIO! 
BEN^FRANKLIN 

7o14 MARBACH 
674-4241 
7545 H W Y. 9o W 
674-4435 
MARBACH STORE 
OPEN SUNDAYS 1o-7 

San Antonio PXPRESS-NEW S— Sunday M ay 15 1977* 

ARTIST’S rendition of the finished look o f W Ilford Hall Medical Confer when the current five -ye ar construction program is completed 

CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 
CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 
BEST BUY 
HONDA 
CIVIC 
Runs on Regular, 
Low-Lead or 
No-Lead Gas. 

*2944* 

H O N D A SEDAN 

B 4-Speed Transmission 
■ The Honda Civic doesn’t need a special diet 

Test own a Honda Civic 

■ What the world is comino to 
•PLUS TAX, TITLE & LICENSE 

SAN ANTONIO’S MOST COMPLETE 
HONDA CENTER! 

See what the world is coming to at. . . 

TOM BENSON IMPORTS, INC 
95oo SAN PEDRO ★ 3 4 1 -1 3 5 6 

S A L E S H O U R S 8 - 9 M O N . - F R i . 
S A T . 8 - 7 / S E R V I C E 7 - 7 M O N . - S A T . a 

 triple size 
Expansion will o f Wilford Hall hospital 

The five-year $97.5 million addition-al- teration project at Wilford Hall Medical 
Center at Lackland Air Force Base will ultimately triple the size of the medical center’s main building from 48o,722 to 
1,228,7oo square feet. 
It will include the con­ struction of a south tower containing a nine-story hospital wing and a three-story clinical addition. 
A one-story north wing, to be constructed at basement level, will con­ tain the 4th Aeromedical 
Staging Flight, the food service facilities and physical therapy clinic. 
In the three-story clin­ ical addition to the south, all of the center’s outly­ ing clinics will be con­ solidated under one roof, in the basement and first floor. 
Also in the basement will be the emergency room and the centralized materiel processing department. The medical library will be on the second floor. 
Escalators 
Also included in the project will be the first use of escalators in an 
Air Force medical facili­ ty to aid patient movement between the two major floors of the clinic. 
The new centralized materiel processing department is designed for the most effective and efficient patient care. It will include a fully au­ tomated transport sys­ tem to move supplies, food, pharmaceuticals. 

 materials for lab testing and other items through­ out the hospital. 
In the new nine-story wing, 365 beds will be relocated from the exist­ ing facility. These in­ clude 281 regular beds, 34 in the coronary care unit and 5o intensive care beds. 
Operating rooms 
On the second floor will be the 14 major operating rooms, plus the four am­ bulatory and four dental operating rooms. 
This marks an increase in major operating rooms from eight to 14. 
Following completion of the additions, scheduled to take 32 months, alteration will commence on the three existing wings. This will include extensive ren­ ovation and the movement of radiology, pathology, pharmacy, surgery, nuclear medicine, food service and physical medicine de|)artments. 
These departments will relocate to the new additions and the space vacated will be utilized for other functions. 
Wilford Hall’s X-ray capability will greatly increase with the expan­ sion program when the number of X-ray rooms are increased from 13„to 

38. This addition includes an increase from eight to 
2o rooms for the radiology department. 
Less crowded 
The 1,ooo-bed capacity of Wilford Hall, deter­ mined by the Depart­ ment of Defense, will not be increased. However, the current crowded con­ ditions will be alleviated by the expansion plans. 
Wards now containing up to 14 patients will be 

 renovated so that no bed­ room will contain more than four beds. 
To help insure the most expeditious and efficient utilization of space wit h a minimum of disruption in patient treatment, the enormous program has been divided into six phases. 
These are designed to allow the user to move into the newly construct­ ed area as renovation of the present building is 

 begun. 
Construction is under the supervision of the 
U.S. Army Corps of En­ gineers Southwestern 
Division, 
Fort 
Worth 
District. 

The construction con­ tractor is the J.W. Bate­ son Co., Inc. of Dallas. 
The architect is Page, 
Southerland and Page of 
Austin and Benham- 
Blair Affiliates of Ok­ lahoma City. 
Hypnosis used as medical cure 

The 
Hypnotherapy 
Clinic at Wilford Hall 
Medical Center at Lack­ land Air Force Base has grown to more than 3oo patients per month since its beginning. 
“ The main function of this clinic is to provide treatment, training and research in the applica­ tion of hypnosis to clini­ cal problems,” said Col. 
(D r) James Jennings, one of two consultants who support the Wilford 
Hall Hypnotherapy Clin­ ic, the only one of its kind in the Air Force. 
From its professional emergence with Mesmer, 
Braid, Freud and others and until recent years, hypnosis has been the object of considerable suspicion among psycho­ logists, educators and 

 physicians. 
VA great many mis­ conceptions about hypno­ sis have been caused by a general lack of know­ ledge about this tech­ nique and the unprofes- 

. .hypnosis has b een recognized by the m edical and psychological professions as having trem endous potential. . 

 sional exploitations by amateurs and enter­ tainers,” said Maj. (Dr) 
Richard B. Garver, the other consultant in the 
Hypnotherapy Clinic. 
“ However, in the past twenty years, hypnosis has been recognized by the medical and psycho­ logical professions as having tremendous po­ 

 et A SSIZ E D DISPLAY 
CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 
CLASSIFIED D ISPLAY 
CLASSIFIED D ISPLAY 

I ^ E a R M F D 
^ a n 
A n t o n i o , o n e o f the 
U n iq u e 
; 

F O R C E S 
Cities o f the 
U n ite d Sta te s 
P ro u d ly 

 w t y 
DAYmAY 15 
S a u t e s the A r m e d Forces. 
\ 
You have helped make San Antonio much more than just another city t 
- - - 
-..- 
- ----- ------------- ■ . 
.................................... .... —- - 
- 
( 

Order of Sons of Hermann 
“Our Nation’s Oldest 
Fraternal Benefit Society” 
317 Lexington 
226-7221 

 t 
ALAMO PAINT & f 
WALLPAPER Co 
INC. 
* 

711 CULEBRA 
734-51o1 ti 

Best W ishes to the Arm ed Forces 
CENTRAL FREIGHT LINES INC 

W .C. Shaw , M a n a ge r 

RANDOLPH-BROOKS 

FEDERAL CREDIT UNION 

IGA/ASA 
? 
Independent G aragem en’s Association- 
— 
Automotive Service Association 
_ 
San Antonio Chapter 
1o2 P O C O 
824-1616 
AUTO FAIR 
ATTENTION: The Colonel has ordered us to give oo 
Military personnel both active and refired, a 
$ 1 o o D ISC O U N T on any car p urch a se d from us — o r h e court- m artialed! 
351 5 CULEBRA 
435-1641 

RENKEN & KUENTZ 
Transportation Co. 

435 Seguin R d . 
226-5334 

FRED LUDERUS TIRE SERVICE 

“A Complete Service Since 1 9 4 5 ” 

425 San Pedro 
225-2823 

HOWELL CORPORATION 

Refining Division 

7811 S. Presa 
533-8111 

MOTOR IMPORTS INC. 
Jaguar • M G B « FIAT • LANCIA 

San A ntonio’s O N L Y Authorized Dealer 
182o Broadw ay 
222-9121 

WE SALUTE YOU! 
LACKLAND FEDERAL 
CREDIT UNION 

The Nation’s Leading Convenience Store 

U t o t e M 
There’s One Near You! 

We Salute The Armed Forces! 

LACKLAND NATIONAL BANK 

6 8 1 o W . M ilitary Dr. 
6 7 4 -6 1 3 o 

SAN ANTONIO 
PACKING CO. INC. 
Apco Brand M eats 
1717 S. Brazos 
227 -1 4 3 7 

DON HICKMAN’S 

NORTH CENTRAL FORD 

Aw 
HALLMARK AERO TECH 
SCHOOL OF AVIATION MAINTENANCE TECHNOLOGY 
NEW CLASS BEGINS JUNE 2oTH 
STINSON FIELD 
924-8551 

QUALITY 
PRODUCE CO. 

15oo S. ZARZAMoRA 

222-1433 

KIDDIE PARK KITCHEN at Kiddle Park - 3o15 Broadway 

HOT DOGS • HAMBURGERS • COTTON CANDY 
Birthday Parties O u r Specialty! 
Open 7 Days A Week 

B O R D E N ’S 
“lf it’s BORDEN’S, if s got to be good!” 
M IL K & ICE CREAM... 
At Your Door...Or At Your Store! 
875 E. Ashby 
736-31o1 

( G a r c i a ^ f u e l e r s 
5 7 3 - 4 5 4 9 
I 
(Fronting Wilford Hall 
6643 HWY. 9o WEST 
I 
Manufacturers of CLASS RING5 and OTHER JEWELRY 
S 
★ ENGRAVING 
* GOLD PLATING 
I 
* STONE SETTING 
* CUSTOM MADE JEWELRY 
■ 
Yr MILITARY RINGS 
★ JEWELRY REPAIRS 
I 
★ ORGANIZATION RINGS 
B it MOLDS & DIES 
Satisfaction Guaranteed! jjj 

 ferrals from many medi­ cal specialties. These specialties include: ob­ stetrics and gynecology, surgery, dermatology, pediatrics, general me-' dicine, clinical psycho­ logy, clinical psychiatry and dentistry. 

“ We’re here to help the physician and patient. 
Just as a doctor might a prescription to 

 of a 

‘We can also modify 

 was 

 a method to 

 daily 

CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 

Team repairs birth defects 

Repair techniques of head and face deformities such as cleft lip have been around for years. Recently more and more hospitals have been adopting a team ap­ proach to these prob­ lems. 
The teams usually in­ clude technicians from plastic surgery, ortho­ dontics 
(braces for 

 done.” the doctor said. 
Patients come from as far away as Japan, the 
Philippines, 
Alaska, 
Germany, Greece and 
Italy. 
While seeing the team, the patient will have three days of appoint­ ments with each of the team member sections. 
These various sections compile a report on the teeth), oral surgery, child’s progress, prosthodontics (the con- * 
“ This team approach struction of artificial parts of the face and mouth), pediatrics, psy­ chiatry, hearing and speech therapy. 

 not only combines the best of all services in­ volved, but also provides a means to document all aspects of cranio-facial 
One of the pioneers of problems giving us a this approach is the wealth of information 

 tential in both aspects of human behavior,” ex­ plained Dr. Garver. 
The Wilford Hall Hyp­ notherapy Clinic is capa­ ble of providing treat­ ment for consultation re- 

USAF Craniofacial Ano­ maly Team at Wilford 
Hall Medical Center at 
Lackland 
Air 
Force 
Btl. sc* 
The Wilford Hall team, established nearly 2o years ago, sees approxi­ mately 15 patients at each monthly session. 
These patients, mostly 
Air Force dependents, are referred to the medi­ cal center by Air Force physicians all over the world. 
Adult defects 
“ The team is in­ terested in a wide variety of birth defects and de­ formities of the head and neck, not only with chil­ dren, but also with adults who may be affected,” said Col. (Dr.) LeBaron 
W. Dennis, chief of plas­ tic surgery service, vice. 
The plastic surgery service acts as chairman and coordinator of the entire program. 
“ Presently we have 7oo active files. Our primary work load continues to be the care, support and reconstruction of cleft lip-palate (hare lip) children,” Dr. Dennis said. 
It is a long term pro­ cess to get the best re­ sults with social adjust­ ment, facial growth, lip closure, speech, hearing, etc., with maximum re­ habilitation of the pa­ tient. 
After birth 
For the most part, these children have been seen since shortly after birth until the repairs are completed at around age 
18, or as long as one par­ ent stays in the military. 
“ We like to see cleft lip babies within a week after birth to evaluate their problem. The first operation, the lip repair, happens around three months, arid the palate closure operations occur at about 14 months. 
“ After the initial cor­ rective work, the patients are seen by the team once every one to three years depending on age and what other corrective measures need to be 

CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 

 which can be of scientific and research benefit,” concluded Dr. Dennis. 

CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 

The Mini 
Motor Home 
With Maxi 
Protection 

Great Protection for 
You 

The 1977 Itasca "Owner Pro­ tection Plan" covers you for no less than three years or 36,ooo miles. And not just on o few isolated ports, either. You’re covered on the inside, the outside and the underside — anything operational, except normal replacement items like spark plugs and oil filters. 

 lf you keep your 1977 Itasco serviced regularly, you’re assur­ ed that for three years or 36,ooo miles, no repair job resulting from a mechonicol malfunction will ever cost you more than 
S25 OO And for the first yeor or 
12,ooo miles — Itasca’s Limited 
Warranty period — it won’t even cost you a penny. Ask us about full details on the "Owner 
Protection Pion." 

You can find the following standard features on all Itasca 
Mini motor homes: 

• Thermal-Steel" construction 
• 6 cubic foot gas/electric refrigerator * 4 burner range with oven o 6 gallon quick recovery water heater • Double stainless steel sink • Marine 
Toilet • Dual holding tanks • 3 speed Turbo-Hydromotic trans­ mission 
• Power steering 
• Power brokes with power front disc 
• Safety glass windshield and windows. 

FOR AS LOW A S... 
’12,197* 

 includes dealer prep., & destination charges. 

SGtsscs' 

TINDALL and SON 
MOTOR HOMES 
46oo SAN PEDRO 
736-1561 or 736-1568 

ON SATURDAY 

^ RECREATIONAL VEHICLE ^ 
★ 
CLEARANCE SALE ★ 
• ALL NEW MODELS • 

I Q 7 A T C / * LARK, MOTOR HOME. 
I 7 / V I t v Folly self-contained, 
26.8’ (Your choice of two). 
UST: $ 2 3 ,3 4 ! .. N O W : 
1 o 7 7 TC/* TRAVEL MATE Mini 
I i l l I t v 
Motor Home 2o’ 
UST: $ 1 3 ,1 6 8 . . . N O W : 
1977 TRAVEL MATE K T V oo c 
“Bunk House Model" (two lo choose from) 
o 
/ 
3 

$18,65o 
$1o,299 

UST: $7,45o. 
N O W : 
1977 TRAVELMATE 
Trailer, Rear bedroom 

27’ 
Travel $5 925 
UST: $ 7 ,5 o 5 
N O W : 
^ J 

ROBERT SMITH MOTORS CO. 
,55o5 SA N PEDRO 
732-2288. 

WE ARE INDEED PROUD 
TO SALUTE OUR AREA’S 
OUTSTANDING MILITARY 
COMMUNITIES ON 
THEIR DAY! 

BENARD FORSYTHE and 

 the entire organization at 
MISSION CITY 
IMPORTS, INC. 

AUTHORIZED DEALER FOR... 
SALES-SERVICE-PARTS FOR MERCEDES BENZ & SAAB 
382o SAN PEDRO 
736-2243 

San Antonio EX P R E SS-N EW S— Sunday M a y 15 1977 

Burn care research at ISR 
Activities of the U.S. Army Institute of 
Surgical Research have, in its 3o years at Brook Army Medical Center at Fort Sam 
Houston, gained an international reputation as one of the leading centers for burn study and treatment. 
Now under the command of Col. Basil A. Pruitt, 
Jr ., the famed unit was established in 1943 at Hol- loran General Hospital in New York. 
Known then as the A rm y’s Su rgical R esearch 
Unit, the new unit was given the initial mission of studying the surgery of traum a and investigating the use of newly discovered antibiotics in the treat­ ment of World War II wounded. 
With the end of the war and the decision to con­ centrate much of the Army M edical Departm ent activity at Fort Sam Houston, the research unit was moved here to become a part of the newly estab ­ lished Brooke Army Medical Center. 
At about the sam e time it was decided, based on the lessons of World War II and the advent of atomic warfare, to shift the direction of the work of the unit. 

Nuclear burns 

The age of therm onuclear weapons and the in­ creased use of petrochem icals prompted the Army medical planners to recognize future conflicts would 

CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 
CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 

W e’re proud to be a part of America’s foremost military community. 
San Antonio, Texas..... 
Military City, U.S.A. 

W e value our customers as much as they value their Cadillacs, The American standard for the world. 

Riata Cadillac 

317 Lexington at Dallas 
276-7221 

 result in tremendous num bers of burn cases. 
Physicians had long known that a m ajor burn is the most traum atic injury the body can receive and that such a burn requires more supportive hospital care than any other injury. 
Here began the years of study which covered the 
Korean and V ietn am ese w ars and drew on the knowledge and talents of many specialists in m edi­ cal and related fields. 
Achievements of the research institute have been many and of great significance. By 1949 the unit had been designated a burn center and was receiving burn cases from all branches of the m ilitary estab­ lishment. 
R esearchers began and continue to exchange in­ formation with other burn study groups in the Unit­ ed States and the world, thus contributing greatly to the general fund of knowledge in the field of burn treatment. 

Measuring burns 

M embers of the unit here developed a sim ple but accurate scale for m easuring the magnitude of the burn in term s of the percentage of the total body surface involved. 
Recognizing that shock was a m ajor cause of early death in m ajor burn cases, techniques were deve­ loped for the early replacement of body fluids as a means of preventing that shock. 
The exposure treatment of burns (not covering the wound with m assive bandages) was reintroduced here and proven to be a valid method. 
In these sam e early years of the burn unit it was proven that very serious burn patients could be safely moved by air to the burn center by sending a burn team consisting of an experienced surgeon and technicians to the patient. 
This burn team would be able to determine when the patient w as su fficien tly stab ilized for safe movement. Highly specialized treatment was begun at the scene and continued on the return flight to 
Brooke. 

Combat centers 

D uring the K orean and V ietnam w ars, burn centers were established in Japan to care for burn cases from the combat areas until the patients were sufficiently stabilized for the long flight to San 
Antonio. Burn team s made regular flights to Japan to accompany the patients here. 
In all these years of transporting burn patients by air, not a single patient died in flight while accom ­ panied by a burn team . 
In the early 195o’s the research unit set up a renal study group to investigate the problem of acute renal failure resulting from traum a. In connection with this study the research unit operated the first arti­ ficial kidney machine in the Southwest. 

Skin as dressing 

With the control of shock in burn patients, the research unit began work on the problems of bac- 

 ci Assist d~di Splay 
CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 

 terial infection and the use of donor and-or animal skin as a biological dressing. 
Probably the greatest single advance in the care of seriou s burn patients w as the developm ent of a topical th erapy program by research in stitute scientists in the mid-196o's. Mefenide Acetate ther­ apy was developed here and proved to be highly successful. It was made com m ercially available for clinical use under the trade name, Sulfamylon. 
Since the introduction of topical therapy there has been a significant improvement, up to 5o per cent, in the survival rate of patients with burns of up to 6o per cent of the total body surface. This excludes very elderly burn patients. 
With these advances come new and equally per­ plexing problem s. The burn specialists are seeing new and more resistant bacteria. Fungi and viral infections are also making treatment more difficult. 
As these problem s are studied, ISR scientists are working in other directions. 
One of these areas involves the continued search for m eans of earlier diagn osis of com plications resulting from the burn injury. 
An important part of the pulmonary studies being conducted is an evaluation of the use of radioactive gases in the very early detection of inhalation in­ juries occurring in connection with the burn. 

Metabolism 

Doctors have long known that the body’s metabolic rate increases with an injury. Burn-related hyper­ m etabolism is a fascinating field for the researchers here because the metabolic rate of a burn patients may increase as much as 2*6 tim es normal. 
This may result in a weight loss of 35 to 4o per cent and the burn wound may lose up to eight or IO liters of water a day. Additional body calories are used in the healing process. If not replaced these losses m ay, of themselves, be life threatening. 
In order to look deeply into this problem , the research institute has installed a special metabolic cham ber where virtually any environment (tem per­ ature and humidity) can be artificially created. 
In connection with this study the in vestigators seek to learn how this metabolic change is trig­ gered and if it can be prevented, how best the lost calo ries can be re ­ p la ce d , and the m ost com fortable or ideal en­ viron m en t for the p a ­ tient. 
The valu e of th ese studies go far beyond the care of the burn patient because what is learned about post-burn m etabo­ lism can be applied to all injured patients. 
------- CLASSIFIED 61IFLay 

We Share the Pride o f Our Nation fo r Our Armed Forces . . . 

C )ui dp eclat rte ale atimy.\ am itate 

 tc tteitef yen af ne exha ctaiyc 
Furniture C o.1-" 

Barca Lounger, 

 the most respected name in recliners 
N o w at very respectable savings. 
2o% off! 

Choice of styles, covers, colors. 

NOVA'S 
LIMITED INVENTORY 

 plus tax, title & lie. 

*11 a J A N C IR A W INTON t i l ' 
BUY DRENT PLEASE 
/ / N. FLORES AT MARTIN 225-5333 

 n j to 

 v2 
Cb 

Was $ 2 9 9. n o w $ 2 3 9 

Top grain leather. 
Was $999, NOW $ 7 9 9 

CO 

W a s $4 79 

 n ° w $ 3 8 3 

 liY t 

Was $ 3 5 9 

 n o w 
$ 2 Q 7 

' N 

Afcw A ccou n ts h v ittx P imraiimenr Plans extended Credit 
National Credit Cards Diners Club, 
Carte Blanche American Express 
Mastercnarge BankAmencard 

Was $4 14. 
N O W 1 3 3 1 

 w 
Top grain leather.. 
Was $ ? o o o . 

N O W $8 o o . 

Rector st. opposite N. Star Mall • Open Mon & Theirs ‘til 9 • Phone 542-9411 

SS6-977 

Question? Problem? 

Write ACTION / EXPRESS for Help. 

Answers Every D ay in the Express. 

CHEVROLET 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday May I 5 I 977 m 7 m ilT o M o B IL E S 
73o-743 AUTOMOBILES 
73o74u-k ^MOBILES 

77 VEGA 
4-door sedan, tinted glass, roof drip moldings, body side moldings, air conditioning, power brakes, 
3o5 
V 8, three speed manual transmission, power steering, full wheel covers, white wall tires, A M radio ... = 7 7 1 2 1 3 

2 door sport coupe, tinted glass, roof drip moldings, sport m ir­ 

 rors, console, power brakes, 25o six cylinder engine, turbo 

 hydramatic transmission, white wall tires, windshield a n ­ 

 tenna, heavy duty radiator, wheel cover, bucket seats ... 

= 77o943 

2 door hatchback coupe, tinted glass, dura-built 
14o engine, four speed manual transmission, white stripe tires, windshield antenna, heavy duty radiator, bucket seats ... = 771 335 

77 M O N Z A “ 2 + 2 ” 
7 7 MONTE CARLO 
2-door hatchback, tinted glass, wheel opening moldings, air conditioning, sport mirrors, power brokes, 
5.o litre engine, turbo hydramatic transmission, power steering, radial white wall tires, windshield antenna, bucket seats ... 
= 7 7 o 9 4 8 

4 -door sedan, tinted glass, roof drip moldings, air conditioning, 
3o5 
V8 engine, turbo hydramatic transmission, radial white wall tires, windshield antenna, value appearance g r o u p .. ss 7 7 1 o 4 8 

2-door coupe, tinted glass, deluxe body side moldings, air conditioning, sport mirrors, 3 o 5 V- 
8 engine, turbo hydramatic transmission, radial white wall tires, windshield antenna, rally wheels ... = 771 I 6 o 

7 7 MONTE CARLO 
77 CAPRICE CLASSIC 
2-door coupe, tinted gloss, deluxe body side m oldings color 

 keyed floor mats, air conditioning, sport mirrors, 3o5 V-8 

 engine, turbo hydramatic transmission, tilt steering wheel, 

 radial white wall tires, windshield antenna, bumper guards, wheel covere ... = 771o19 

4-door sedan, color keyed seat belts, power door lock system, 

 tinted glass, power windows, body side moldings, door edge 

 guards, air conditioning, visor vanity mirror, sport mirrors, 

 cruise control, 3o5 V-8 engine, turbo hydramatic transmission, 

 tilt steering wheel, radial white wall tires, AM PM stereo radio, bumper guards, vinyl roof cover 
= 771325 

4-door sedan, tinted glass, roof drip moldings, air conditioning, remote mirror, 3o5 V -8 engine, turbo hydramatic transmission, radial white wall tires, A M radio, light blue metallic... — 7 7 1 3 4 6 

TRUCKS 
TRUCKS 
4 

77 BLAZER 
’77 SUBURBAN 
SCOTTSDALE I / 2 TON 
7 7 DEM O NSTRATO R 
Vt TON SILVERA D O 
3 -ossenger tem seat, oir, locking differential, 3o5 V-8 engine, 

 turbo hydrolytic, skid plates, dual exhaust, power steering, 

 chrome front & rear hampers, Se m ist green with white top, 

 buckskin custom vinyl interior and more Stic. = 77S344. 

Air conditioning, automatic transmission, A M pushbutton radio, chrome front bumper guard, rear step bumper, decor package, 
Mikado custom interior package, white spoke wheels, 
E 7 8 xl 4 white letter tires ... — 65 8 8 4 

Burns regular fuel, air conditioning, stainless steel mirrors, 

 speed and cruise control, 454 engine, turbo h yd ro ly tic 

 transmission, tilt wheel, power steering, heavy duty battery; 

 power windows, power door lock, exterior decor package, 

 white spake wheels, LR78 steel belted radials, cprdmoi red 

 cmd frost white, custom cloth interior, much more, 
= 7 7 5 3 8 2 list price $84o8.5o 

Discounted to 

Trailering special equipment, front & rear air, speed 
& cruise control, 
35o 
V-8, turbo hydromatic, rally wheels, 3 I -gal. fuel tank, steel belted radial, much more. Stk. = 7 7 5 5 9 o 

 r V 

 l l 'A ton SCOTTSDALE 
IW B , burns regular fuel, air conditioning, 35o 
V-8 engine, turbo hydramatic transmission, power steering, A M radio, chrome front bumper guards, 178x15 white stripe tires, special two- tone paint, gauges, colonial yellow, Sunte Fe tan, buckskin custom vinyl interior ... = 7 7 5 2 8 4 

Turbo hydramatic automatic transmission, E78x 
14 white stripe tires, chrome rear bumper, ex tenor decor package. 
A M pushbutton radio 
Crimson red ... = 5 4 9 1 8 

Scottsdale equipment, compel special equipment, air con­ 

 ditioning, stainless steel mirrors, locking differential, 35o V 8 

 engine, 4 speed transmission, auxiliary fuel tank, tilt wheel, 

 cargo lamp, special two-tone paint, buckskin Sante Fe ton, buckskin vinyl interior, much more 
= 7 7 5 5 5 4 
*699o 

CONVENIENTLY DOWNTOWN: 
AUTOMOBILE SH O W R O O M S — 
1221 BR O A D W A Y 
ENCLOSED TRUCK MALL — 
1121 B R O A D W A Y 
223-4281 
OPEN UNTIL 9 P.M 

77 3/4 ION SILVERADO 
77 EL CAMINO CLASSIC 
CONQUISTA 
Air conditioning, locking differential, heavy duty power brakes, 4 5 4 engine, turbo hydromatic transmission, auxiliary fuel tank, tilt wheel, power steering, cafgo lamp, 9 5 o x1 6 5 8 ply tires, special two-tone paint, metallic red and 
Sante Fe tan, buckskin custom vinyl interior, much more ... = 7 7 5o 3 I 

Ooor locks, power window1,, intermittent windshield wiper, air 

 conditioning, cruise control,. 35o V-8 engine, power steering, 

AM FM stereo. Bally wheels, tilt wheel, o87ox15 steel belted 

 radials, brown metallic and buckskin, m any more options. 

= 77555o *6o6o 

48 MONTH 
FINANCING 
DUE TO SMITH’S MATURE 
PRICING POLICY, ALL 
PRICES INCLUDE 
DESTINATION CHARGE 

AND DEALER 
PREPARATION. 

INSURANCE 

RANDY HALL of Port Lavaca sets national vault record in Austin Saturday with this leap of I 6 feet, 8 inches 
AP W IREPHOTO 
Andersen state champ 

UT b a g s title 

Bv HARRY PAGE 
O f IH I EXPRISVNEWS STAFF 
AUSTIN - Folks left Memor-- ial Stadium Saturday believing thai Johnny Jones of T exas saves the best for last. 
.tones, running smooth as silk, ral­ lied (he Longhorns from third place in the mile relay to a first place finish as the Longhorns won their sixth straight 
Southwest Conference outdoor track title. 
Texas finished with 
127 bi points, T exas 
AAM 1o3. Rice 92. 
Houston HH, Baylor 4o, 
A rk a n sa s 32, T exas 
Tech 24, SMU 7 Vi and 
TCU 2. 
It was on this same turf last year that the 
O lym pic gold m e d a ­ list left fans listless when he took the ba­ ton in seventh place, behind by some (IO yards, and rallied Lampasas to a first place finish i i i the mile relay and (lit* 
( lass AAA title. 
This time Jones did not have far to go thanks to team m ates Alec StudstilL 
David Nelson and Raymond Ulayborn. 

PAGE 

I--------------- 
Sunday rn/ 
Express-News 

I 
M ay 15 1 9 7 7 
S P O U T S 

Page I -S 

* * . 

 r n 

BRUTON 

 r n w m 

SPENCER SUNSTRUM of Pearce High in Richardson sets state record with this jump in 
Austin Saturday a p w i r e p h o t o 

Bv MIKE BRUTON 
O f THE EXPRESS NEW S S TA ff 

AUSTIN — Whatever one in­ v ests in anything, no m atter what it is, shall be returned to him with interest. 

Ja y ’s prem ier miler Mark Andersen discovered the tru th in that phrase about 9o yards from the end of his race w hen Baytow n L e e ’s M ike B onem pulled up beside him. 
With g ritte d teeth and a little m ore de­ te rm in a tio n in his s tr id e , 
A n d ersen managed to overcome 
B o n e m ’s ch a lle n g e , becom ing San Anton­ io ’s only 
AAAA champion Saturday in th e s ta te schoolboy track and field meet. 
Galveston Ball, led by h ig h -p o in t m an 
Leonard Lewis (22), won the AAAA title with 38 tallies. G arland landed second at 32, Houston Yates and T em ­ ple finished tied at 24, with San An­ tonio Marshall taking the fifth spot at 
22. 
M arsh a ll’s point production cam e from only two sources. Hurdler Randy 
Clay picked up thirds in both the 12o highs and the 33o interm ediates with times of 14.o and 38.1, respectively, while discus thrower Ja m e s Headley, the Alamo City’s other champ, won his event Friday with a city record toss of 
191-9. 
But the true dram a of athletic com­ petition shined clearly when Andersen, unbeaten and virtually unchallenged through the entire season, found com­ pany on the homestretch of the AAAA mile run. 
“ This is the first close race I’ve had all y e a r ,” said A ndersen, who won with a 4:11.3. “ I wish he (Bonem) had come up a little sooner. I felt sloppy the whole race.” 
It was the first tim e in 1977 that an­ yone had been within spitting distance of Andersen, but fatigue was no ap ­ p aren t problem to the Ja y distance man. 
“ I still had a lot left,” he said of his confrontation with Bonem down the 

Colborn no-hits Rangers 

KANSAS 
CITY - 
R ig h t­ hander Jim Colborn pitched the first no-hitter of the 1977 base­ ball season Saturday night, leading the Kansas City Royals to a 6-o victory over the Texas 
Rangers. 
Colborn struck out six batters, in­ cluding Bump Wills three times, ana 

 walked only one. 
The defense cam e to his aid with several outstanding plays, particularly in the late innings. 
Bert Campaneris, leading off the se­ venth, lofted a soft fly into m edium center field which Al Cowens caught after a long run. One out later, Willie 
Horton slugged a looping line drive to right. As the ball began sinking, Tom 
P o q u ette raced u n d er it to m ake a shoestring catch on the dead run. 

In the eighth, Tom Grieve it a slicing line drive into center that brought the crowd of 29,978 to its feet, but Cowens snared the bali in the webbing of his glove. 

P o q u ette m ad e an e x tra o rd in a ry 

BOXSCORE, Page SS 

 catch of Mike Hargrove’s fly ball in the first and in the second Horton sent 
Happy birthday, 

ASSOCIATED PRESS 
KANSAS CITY — Former heavy weight boxing champion Joe 
Louis took time out on his 63rd birthday to throw out the first pitch at a Kansas City Royals gam e and reflect on the sport that made his name a household world. 

At 24o. he’s 4o pounds heavier than those fighting years when he set a standard by which other cham pions would be judged. He did so while fighting for a paycheck about one-tenth of today’s going rate. 
But the un scarred hands are still steady, he still stands erect, the m ajestic allure is still there. 
Louis’ birthday was Friday. 
He said the current heavyweight titleholder, M uham m ad Ali, who is a good friend, “ is not washed up, but he’s not the Ali he once was. 
“ I know i f s hard to quit, especially when you’re making millions of dollars. The thing is, every fight now he has to end as a champion or it isn’t worthwhile. He looks good. I ’ve seen him recently, but you can never tell when your legs will go.” 
On Ken Norton as a challenger, Louis said: “ Norton has shown me nothing based on the other night (against Duane Bobick). He hit Bobick with punches a school kid should be able to get away from. He got him with punches that are almost humanly impossible to get hit with.” 
He said he didn’t care to see Norton fight Ali again because he’d had three previous chances. 
JOE LOUIS 
...tarns €3 

Poquette to the warning track in right center. 

C o lb o rn ’s n o -h itter was the first since San Francisco’s John Montefusco turned the trick against the Atlanta 
B rav e s Sept. 29, 1976. Jo h n “ Blue 
Moon’” Odom and Francisco Barrios of the Chicago White Sox combined for the last n o -h itte r in the A m eric an 
League, stopping the Oakland A’s on 
July 28, 1976. 
Sports oil 
TV-Ita<lio 

SUNDAY 
Television 
12:3o p.m . (Uh. 5) — NBA Playoff 
Game. 
12:45 p.m. (Ch. 41) — Soccer. 
I p.m. (Ch. 4) — WCT Singles Final: 
Jimmy Connors and Hie Nastase head a roster of eight players competing for first prize. 
2:3o p.m. (Ch. 12) — The American 
Sportsman: Bing Crosby, Phil Harris and Curt Gowdy hunt geese in Mary­ land; Christopher Plommer is guide for the most extensive underwater ship excavation known, a 17th century 
Spanish galleon in the Bahamas. 
3 p.m. (Ch. 5) — Colonial National 
Invitational Golf: Final Round from 
Fort Worth. 
3 p.m. (Ch. 41) — Knockout: Boxing 
Highlights. 
3:3o p.m. Ch. 12) — World Invita­ tional Tennis Classic: Martina Navra­ tilova vs. Virginia Wade. 
4 p.m. (Ch. 4) — Grandstand. 

RADIO 
1:5o p.m. (WOAI, 12oo) — Houston I 
Astros vs. Pittsburgh Pirates. 
» 

★ 
★ 
★ 

Ari lim* Aslie 

.Marvin IIM i i I 

({ive view s 

 of lilaeks 

 ami sports. 

 l * 3 l g M 
2 
S 

★ 
★ 
★ 

✓ HEM LTS, Page SS 
✓ HATCHETT JOH. Page SS 

Jo n e s mowed down B a y lo r’s M ark 
Collins at tin1 midway point of the final lap then overtook Rice’s Sam Waugh 15 yards from the finish line as Texas was tim ed in 3:o8.24. J o n e s ’ lap w as clocked at 45.o9! 
Jones scored 29 points. The Lam pa­ s a s g r e a t a n c h o re d T e x a s ’ SWC record-set ting 44o-yard team , featu r­ ing Ulayborn, former Jay star Derrick 
Hatchett, and Overton Spence, in 39.54. 
Swift Jo h n n y also won both d ash es with a 9 42 in the IOO and 2o.29 in the 
22o, and finished fourth — with only one jum p — in the long jump. 

 h ive reco rd s w ere set d u rin g the meet, including Jones’ 2o.14 in I Ik* 22o p r e lim in a r ie s and the 39.54 i i i the 
44o-yard relay. 
Niall O ’Shaughnessy of Arkansas set a pule standard with a 3:59.47 clocking; freshm an Marty Froeliek of Rice es­ tablished a three-m ile run m ark with a 
13:41.43 clocking and B rad B lair of 
A&M put a pole vault record on the boards with a 16-9 effort. 

How good is Johnny Jo n es? Well, 
Jones was left in the blocks during the 
1oo-yard dash but caught and passed 
See LONGHORNS, Page6S 

North Star Mall 
349-6464 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday May 15 1977 
Blacks and sports 

 a C T T F # 
Black parents should send their children 
A i j l l l j . tj!e libraries rather than the playing fields 

By ARTHUR ASHE 

N EW YORK t im e s s e r v ic e 
NEW YORK — Since my so­ phomore year at the University of California, Los Angeles, I have become convinced that we blacks spend too much time on the playing fields and too little time in the libraries. 
P lease don’t think of this attitude a s being pretentious just because I ani a black, single, professional athlete. 
I don’t have children, but I can m ake o b serv atio n s. I stro n g ly believe the black culture expends too much time, energy and effort raising, praising and teasin g our black children a s to the dubious glories of professional sport. 
All children need m odels to em ulate 
— p aren ts, re lativ es or friends. But when the child s t a r ts school, the in­ flu en ce of the p a re n t is sh a r e d by teachers and classm ates, by the lure or b o o k s, m o v ie s , m i n i s t e r s and n ew spap ers, but most of all by tele­ vision. 
W hich te le v is e d e v e n ts h av e the greatest num ber of view ers? — Sports 

E I I I T O ir * X O TE 

Do black parents concentrate their energies in raising 

 children on the glories of professional sports? 

Arthur Ashe, a 33-year-old black who made a reputation 

 playing tennis, believes they do. 

In an open letter to black parents, Ashe advises them to 

 put more em phasis on their children’s education. He says that only one black child in a thousand could reach ma- jor-league level in a professional sport, that black parents 
“ must instill a desire for learning alongside the desire to be Walt Frazier.” 

Marvin S. Dent Jr., tennis coach at New York’s City 

College and a black parent, responds to Ashe’s letter. 

— The O ly m pics. S u p e r Bowl. M a s­ te r s, W orld S e r ie s , pro b a sk e tb a ll playoffs, F orest Hills; ABC-TV even h as s p o r t s on M onday night p rim e time from April to December. 
So your child gests a m assive dose of 

o .1. Simpson. H areem A bdul-Jabbar, 
M uham mad Ali, R eggie Jack son , Dr. J and Lee Elder and other pro athletes. 
And it is only natural that you child will dream of being a pro athlete him ­ self. 
D F T V T . Reading all the books in a library will not 
* remove the racial prejudice that exists today 

By MARVIN S. DENT JR . 

N EW YORK TIMES SERVICE 
NEW YORK — I have always been impressed with your “ tun­ nel vision." Your open letter to black parents should earn you indubitably the myopic ch am ­ pionship of our time. 

It was significant that your observa­ tions were realized in your sophomore y ear at the U niversity of C alifornia, 
Los A ngeles. It s e e m s you w ere not aware of the reasons you were there on or how you got there. 
You were there b e c a u se you were h a n d p ic k e d to p la y te n n is. U n lik e 
Hareem A bdul-Jabbar (who like your­ self was well read but went to UCLA to play basketball), you participate in a sp o r t th a t r e q u i r e s m o n e y . E v e n though you do not mention it very of­ ten, you got there on the aid of black m oney first and black sa c rific e ( r e ­ m e m b e r Jo e W illiam s and Red C un­ ningham ). 
We agree that em ulation is part of our culture, regard less of color or eth­ 

 nicity — but to what degree. L et’s ex­ amine. 
If you could take a plane ride over medieval Europe at about 2,ooo feet, you would discover that in every vil­ lage. the largest structure would be the house of worship, mostly likely built on the sw eat of the peasants. T ak e that sam e ride today, but not al 2.ooo feet because you m ight hit the houses of worship — the Astrodome, Superdome, etc. 
These places are built for the gods to play, and if we a re part of the culture, th ere is no e s c a p e from so m e in ­ flu e n c e. W hat kind of in flu e n c e ? 
B la c k s do not su p p o rt any of these stadia on a large scale; in fact, most a r e bein g built in w hite su b u rb ia . 
B la ck s ge n e ra lly a re not m oved by whether the Buffalo Bills won or lost. 
Their question is, “ Did O .J. dan ce?” 
What you refer to as the Impossible 
D ream is the only dream in town. That dream is lo aspire by whatever means possible. For obvious reason, blacks choose the a re a re q u irin g the least am ount of capital input — sports in­ cluded. 
Yes, the reason the door closed be­ 

 hind you was because it takes money to become a tennis or golf professional, a lawyer, doctor or engineer. If you read every book in the library, it will not remove the racial prejudices the that e x is t in la b o r u n io n s g o v e r n in g construction work. 
Blacks have to sing, dance, run and jum p just to get an education, and we have just em erged from a time when blacks were “ em ploy ed ” in colleges rath er than enrolled. It would have been heart w arm ing to hear you advise the young artists to negotiate for m e­ dical or law-school funds when their bodies were up for hire. 
I was appalled and grieved over your view of “ ghetto” (a word you heard at 
UCLA). Grieved because you are void of that experience — therefore void of the s e n s itiv itie s, the la n g u a g e , the perspectives that along with a formal education are the best tools a minority can have to gain w idesp read u n d er­ standing. 
M uham m ad Ali does not have a for­ mal education but his sensitivities are unmatched. I wonder if he would allow 
South Africa free public relations by going there under the guise of “ good 

 w ill” or sim p ly sa y “ it’s p o litic a l” when sports are involved in a conflict with South African policies. Every fa­ cet of our lives is political. 
Your livelihood involved playing a gam e. People have the option of g e t­ ting interested in your ga m e or turning away, but they cannot turn away from the ga m e of life. You either play or get manipulated by those who play. 
You are also aw are that one m ust be conscious of the opponent’s tactics and capabilities before you can su ccessful­ ly carry out your gam e plan. One must also know the obstacles and purposes of the ga m e before one can have the freedom of expression. 
You are in a position to expose many hidden o b s ta c le s — m an y of which would disappear on your demand. The quality of humility needs to be inves­ tigated by you; then your next appeal might be to black parents to go to the libraries and see what is available to read. 
Rem em ber, it was only 2oo y ears ago that it was a g a in st the law to teach 
Hunta Kinte to read. Things have not changed that m uch — i f s ju st a dif­ ferent gam e. 

6oTH ANNIVERSARY 
MEN’S SHOE SAIL 

IM ll IM IM BUSH SHARKSKIN SLIP-OIMS 49.9o 

Were 75 .o o . The ultimate in long-wearing fit 

 and comfort. Leather lining and sole with rubber heels. Black or brown. 

BALLY 45.9o TO 69.9o 
Were 6o.oo to 96.oo. Choose from 

 several styles in camel, navy, brown, black or white leather. 

NUNN BUSH BROGUES 29.9o 

Were 38.oo. Leather brogue with all-leather lining. Black or brown. 
FROST BROS. 

Upset 

NEW YORK (A P) — Iron Constitution, a 35-1 long shot, upset the 1-5 favorite Cormorant by a nose in the 1o2nd running of the $55,6oo Withers Stakes for 
3-year-olds at Aqueduct Saturday. 
It was the first defeat of the y ear for Cormorant and sn app ed a seven -race winning stre a k that extended over two seasons. 
Iron Constitution, badly beaten by Kentucky 
Derby winner Seattle Slew in the Wood Memorial on 
April 23, cam e from next-to-last with a furious stretch drive that overhauled Corm orant in the closing strides. The son of Iron Ruler, owned by 
Harry T. M angurian and trained by Tom m y Root, 
Jr . and ridden by Jo se Velasquez, ran the mile in 
1:37, paying $73, $9 and $3.4o. Cormorant, ridden by 
Danny Wright who had previously won the Bay 
Shore and the Gotham Stakes, returned $2.*4o and 
$2.1o. Affiliate, ridden by Angel Cordero, J r . and off at 4-1, finished third, five lengths farther back and paid $2.4o. 
After the race. Root said he was uncertain whether he would enter his colt in the Preakness, the second leg of the Triple Crown, next Saturday against the favored Seattle Slew. 
“ Let’s wait until over the weekend and see how he c o m e s out of this race. Then w e’ll m a k e the decision,” he said. Cormorant did not run in the 
Derby because of a virus. 

SHOP FROST'S DOWNTOWN AND NORTH STAR MALL 

I 

TRANSMISSIONS 

I S T U T IN S P E C T YOUR T H M S m iiS IO fJ 

Y r a h t e r a ' A N p v o u a 

/ / + 1 -»-r\VA> ESTlAAATfc 
RESEAL SPECIALISE.*5 

• fn o ttv 4CAJ.-near s e a l* a d j w t b a n d s 
/S E T U N K A O e -*E P U U £ PAM GASKET* 
•CLCAM lFILTM ..|».<jr. 
’ FttONT 4 (ttA R 
~ “ assate r n * 

 fS R B B R O A O 
TEST 

W E A L S O S E R V I C E .. 

- r o s c n is d a t s u n 
OPSl_S CTC* 

TeWSAS A V IL A S Lf-FREE TDWlIN* 
736I546 

 r a c r o s s r n aw w o n o c k la n p 
> 
1 
C O M O *. O f l o o p . 
+ 

FgeopRicKsffuAo n o. 
4627 FREDERICKSBURG 

Dan Cook 

But c o n sid er these fa cts: F o r the m ajo r professional sports of hockey, football, b a sk e tb a ll, b a se b a ll, golf, tennis and boxing, there are roughly only 3,17o m ajo r league positions avai­ lable (attributing 2oo positions to golf, 
2oo to tennis and IOO to boxing). And the annual turnover is sm all. 
We blacks are a subculture of about 
28 million. Of the 13*6 million men, 5 to 
6 million are under 2o years of age, so your son has less than one chance in 
1,ooo of becoming a pro. Less than one in a th o u san d . Would you bet your son’s future on something with odds of 
999 to I against you? I wouldn’t. 
Unless a child is exceptionally gift­ ed, you should know by the tim e he en ters high school whether he has a future as an athlete. But what is more im p o r ta n t is w hat h a p p e n s if he d o e s n ’t g r a d u a t e or d o e sn ’t have a college scholarship and doesn’t have a viable alternative job career. Our high school dropout rate is several tim es the national average, which contributes to our u n e m p lo y m en t ra te of rough ly twice the national average. 
Somehow, parents m ust instill a de­ sire for learning alongside the desire to be Walt Frazier. 

Martin losing grip on Yankee job 

The ancient but usually accurate baseball grapevine tells us that 
William Martin is just two arguments or one losing streak away from the unemployment chart. 
The fiery skipper of the Yankees is not at peace with the team* owner so Billy could get his fire put out if he doesn’t zip his lip or if the team falls in the standings. 
Martin will not hesitate to tell one and all that he’s going to do things his way. His exact words were, “ I’m gonna do things my way or I’m not gonna do them at all.” That’s the line Billy pumped into my tape recorder here some months ago. He hasn’t changed since. 
WW 

THERE 

T r o u b le is. m o st of th o se te a m owners feel the sam e way. 

You m ay rest assured that George 

Steinbrenner III, owner of many race­ h orses and the New York Y ankees, su b scrib es to that sam e theory. To compound m atters, the youthful Mr. 
Steinbrenner doesn’t even like for his hired hands to pause and ask “ how high” when he tells them to hop. 

To lay a little exam ple on you, in the o p e n in g s t a g e s of th is new se a so n 
G e o rg e had a b u sin e ss qu estion he wanted answered one afternoon right a fte r a Y an k ee g a m e . P ro b a b ly s o ­ mething to do with how many hotdogs were sold or how many deadheads s a ­ shayed through the pass gate. 
At an y r a t e , he d ia le d the rig h t num ber to reach an office hand. No­ body answered. He dialed again. Sam e result. The next day Mr. Steinbrenner 
Three posted a new rule for all office hands. 

The rale sa y s—and i f s still being 

 enforced—that im m ediately after each 
Yankee home gam e, day or night, each office employee shall return to his or her desk for 3o minutes. Now it doesn’t m ake any d ifferen ce w hether they catch ap on homework, doodle around with crossw ord puzzles or pour sand from a sandal to a shoe. They’ve got to do it from their own desk for 3o min­ utes. And that goes for extra-inning night gam es, too, no m atter what time they might end. 

You see, when George Three wants a q u e stio n a n s w e r e d c o n c e r n in g his 
Yankees there had better be somebody available to answer the phone and field the question. In fact, everybody had better be available. 
Of course, i f s his ball team and his em ployees and his money. He can run the show anyway he wants. 
This sim ply is to give you an idea of the sort of gent Martin is bucking when he bounces into the front office and m akes a demand. 

At the m om ent Billy is m aking a 

 mild scene over a third-string catcher nam ed E lro d som eth in g-or-oth er. 
Seem s that Steinbrenner Three sent 
Elrod to the International League to do som e secon d-strin g catch in g and a d eg ree of coach in g. M artin w ants 
Elrod back with him in a pin stripe snit. For IS days now Billy has made regular visits to the front office to in­ form th at cap tiv e au d ien ce of his wants. 

Big George didn’t take kindly to it the other day when Martin carried his problem to the press. Billy even point­ ed out that the Y anks had ju st 24 active players on their roster, one under the limit, so, by golly, there was plenty of room for good ole Elrod. 
Som e folks, it se e m s, never learn. 
The Y anks are doing right well at the moment in the American L eagu e’s 
W est d iv isio n . 
B u t sh o u ld they st u m b le —and m o st t e a m s do so m e ­ where along the long ca m p a ig n —and 
Billy continues to visit the front office and court disaster, you’ll understand how s o m e b o d y n a m e d E lr o d co st 
Martin his job. 
Well, Elrod and M artin’s determ in­ ation to do it all his way. 

W OW o w - 

 b e t t e r b>e a Ru m p in e v e r y 

CHAIR AT EVERY 

DESK. AFTER EVERY 
G A M E . 11 

DAL? — 

It is a rather well-known fact that 
‘ Steinbren ner is not fond of sp o rtsw ­ rite rs. S o m e s c r ib e s can n ot u n d e r­ stand this attitude but i f s really not complicated. 

Starting at the beginning, team s va­ lued at millions of dollars usually are owned by wealthy people. Now then, as a general—bat not hard—rale, wealthy people don’t like being told in public that they make m istakes. They're not used to such treatment. Most, but not all, look upon sportsw riters as neces­ sary evils, to be used but never to be trusted. They sboald sing—and I mean really h u m - the g re at deeds of the owners but they should never hold the ow ners ap for public rid icu le in a paper that se lls for two bits. Well, that’s the way m ost wealthy owners see sportswriters. 

Of course, on the other side of the coin, it m u st be mentioned that our sp o r ts w r itin g ra n k s a lso c a rr y the usual num ber of h o rse’s tails. Som e sneaky devils shouldn’t be trusted. 
Sm all matter. T h at’s just tossed in to give you an idea of how much bitter­ ness Steinbrenner might feel when one high on his payroll runs to the p ress with something that George feels is a 
“ fam ily” affair. 
Missed meeting 
Late Friday night Gabe Paul, presi­ dent of the Yanks, really cooled M ar­ tin ’s c a se by pointing out the whole story on Catcher Elrod Hendricks. 

We went into lengthy discussion and 

 settled the m atter on Elrod and our 
24-man squad at a meeting more than two weeks ago,’’ Panl told newsmen. 
And then he added the line that left 
M an ag er M artin w obbling on his shield. “ That w as the m eeting that 
Martin m issed and offered no explan­ ation for his absence so nobody both­ ered to fill him in on the discussions and decisions.” 

So now Billy has two choices. He can either shut up on his dem an ds for a return of Elrod or he can keep on win­ ning. F rom here it app ears that a third strin g catch er isn ’t worth nearly the fuss Martin is making. 
New Hog voice 

F A Y E T T E V IL L E , Ark. (A P) - Sam 
Smith, sports director at Little Rock television station KATV, will handle radio play-by-play duties for the Uni­ versity of A rk an sas sp orts network, 
UA Athletic Director F ran k Broyles said Saturday. 
Sm ith’s appointment to the position had been expected since he took over as sports director at KATV earlier this year. 
Smith will replace Dave Woodman a s Voice of the Razorbacks. Broyles dism issed Woodman as play-by-play announcer in Jan u ary , effective at the end of the recent basketball season. 

Smith has handled Notre D am e b as­ ketball play-by-play for the past four y e a rs. He will o rig in a te A rk a n sa s football and basketball gam es. 

“ Our staff listened to tapes subm it­ ted by many broad casters,” Broyles said in a short, prepared statement. 
“ We were im pressed with their ability. 
We m ade the selection after reviewing the tap es.” 

Broyles had announced earlier that the field had been narrowed to two — 
S m ith an d B ill J o h n s o n , g e n e r a l m a n a g e r of Conw ay ra d io station 
KUON. 

LEASE $239? 
1977 

COUPE 

DE VILLE 

$11,222.oo 
RETAIL 
PRICE/STK. 
# J 7 3 7 

MONTHS @ $239.oo M O. - $8,6o4.oo; $933.48 

CASH D oW N /N o PURCHASE OPTION; CLOSED- 

END LEASE/N O LEASE END LIABILITY 

226-7221 
BOB BECKETT 
LEASE MGR. 

Tiger netters OK 
NCAA title format 

San Antonio EXPRE5S-NEWS— Sunday May 15 I 977 
Page-3»S 

By KEVIN O’K E E F F E 
OF THE EXPRESS N EW S STAFF 

It is not often these days when the N CAA makes a decision that is popular with many people. 
But the Trinity tennis team un­ animously approved the change in the upcoming national tennis cham pionships M ay 23-3o in- 
Athens, Ga. 

Instead of the old format where 128 singles players and 84 doubles teams competed for team points and indivi­ dual titles by advancing throughout the tournament, 16 select­ ed teams will play re­ gular dual matches 
(six singles and three doubles), creating a true team champion. i v w 
H f l 
“ No question this is a change for the bet- ak I S B l i ter,” Trinity Coach 
Bobby McKinley, who is on the team selec- m tion committee, said. 
O’E i r r r r r 
“ N()W the learn cham- 
U H H * r E pion w i„ be just that 
In the past, one singles player or one doubles team could bring a team all the way, depending on the draw.” 
The selection committee, which also has coaches from Yale, Michigan St., 
Penn, Alabama, Southern Illinois, 
Utah and UCLA, will seed eight teams in the three-day team format. 
Ranked No. 2 

Trinity, currently ranked No. 2 in the nation, should be seeded second, be­ hind top-ranked UCLA, defending 
NCAA co-champion, “ But we could windup third if Stanford (No. 3) beats 
UCLA again in the Pac-Eight tourna­ ment,” McKinley said. “ But we should be no lower than third.” 
SMU, Texas, Miami, Fla., Georgia, 
USU, California 
(Berkley) and Arizona St. are other 

 possible seeds at the 93rd Annual 
NCAA meet. 
However, certain schools, Texas Christian, Pan Ameri­ can and Pepperdine, will probably not be invited because of the limited number of entries and because every region of the country must be repre­ sented. “ That is the bad part of the new format,” McKinley admitted. 
McKinley, who was a member of the 
1972 TU team which won the NCAAs in 
Athens brings a team which has never experienced NCAA tourney competi­ tion. 
Freshmen Larry Gottfried, Tony 
Giammalva, Erick Iskersky, and Ben 
McKown; sophomore Eddie Reese and junior Dave Benson comprise the 
Trinity contingent. 
Inexperience did not hinder Trinity earlier this year when that group won the National Team Championship in 
Wisconsin. And at that tourney, the 
Tigers knocked off USC and Stanford. 
“ Winning up there really helped our confidence,” McKinley admitted. “ But 
I don’t believe the change to that for­ mat at the nationals enhances our chances to win. Now, of course, it doesn’t hurt either. We can beat any­ body if we play our best.” 
Gottfried, whose brother, Brian, was a singles finalist in 1972 for Trinity, 
“ feels the new format is a better test of how good a team Trinity has.” 
“ I believe it is the fairest way to decide the team champion,” McKown said. “ I do think they should have waited until next year for the change, though. Iskersky agreed. “ They pushed it through a little fast,” the 
Toledo, Ohio frosh said. “ But it is fair. 
The whole team should be involved.” 
Reese and Benson are both pleased with the change because they too can participate. Last year, when just the top four played, numbers five and six could just root. 
“ It brings out the team aspect,” 
Reese said. “ You play all year as a six-man team and then knock the five and six guy out. That wasn’t right.” 

“ It is definitely good for me,” Ben- son said. “ It lets me play in the NCAAs and that is the pinnacle of college ten­ nis.” 
Giammalva, a freshman from Hous­ ton, said. “ It s a good idea (the team format), but I am not pleased with the cut down in the individual draw.” The individual singles and doubles cham­ pionships, which take place after the team competition, will have a much smaller draw. The singles will be a 64 draw and doubles a 32. And, like the team event, each area of the country must be represented. 
“ The draw is entirely too small for the individuals,” McKinley said. 
“ They will have to increase that in the years to come. Primarily because the top 64 singles players in the country will not nessarily be the 64 chosen be­ cause of the geographical mix.” 

For instance, Iskersky and McKown may not make the top 64 since they have played lower in the Trinity lineup throughout the year. 

Coaches from other regions will push their undefeated number one man who has played lesser competition than a lower guy at Trinity or SMU, for ex­ ample. 

 b o b b y McK in l e y 
. . . pleased 

Friday** lull* 
NISA b o x 

LO S A N G E L E S (IO U : Ford 6 2 2 14, Russell 6 OO 
12, Abdul-Jabbar 12 6 9 3o, Allen J 6 7 2o, Chanev 3 
2 2 8. Abernethy 2 o-o 4, L am a r o O O o, Tatum 2 O O 4, 
Kupek o O O o, Neumannn 4 1-1 9. Totals 42 17-21 1o1. 
P O R T L A N D (1o5): Gross 5 O I IO, L u cas 11 4 4 26. 
W alton 8 3-5 19, 
D avis 9 
3 7 21, 
H ollins 7 4 4 18. 
G illiam I O O 2, Steele 2 l l 
5, Jones 
o O O o, Neat 2 O O 
4. W alker o O O o. Totals 45 15 22 1o5. 
Los Angeles 
25 19 29 28 — 1o1 
Portland 
31 18 3o 26 — 1o5 
Fouled out—None Total fouls—Los Angeles 2o, 
Portland 19 Technical— Ford. A — 12.9o4. 

S UND AY 
P ro Baseball: San Antonio Dodgers vs Mid land, Keefe Field, 7:3o o rn 
Motorsports: Porsche Autocross North E ast 
Stadium, Tailgate picnic, ll a rn 
Registration, 
12 3o p m , M otorcycle racing, S F S R acew ay, 
IH 41o and Somerset Road. I o rn 

M O N D A Y 
High School Baseball 
Class A A A A Bidistrict playoff. M arshall vs South San Antonio, South 
San Antonio High School, 8 p m (first gam e of best of three se rie s ); D istrict 13 A A A playoff. 
Pleasanton at Uvalde, 7:3o p rn (first gam e of best of three series) 
Golf: Patty Berg Clinic, Randolph AF B, 2 p rn 
(Open to the public) 
M iss B e ta w ill play a nine hole exhibition beginning at J p rn 

T U E S D A Y 
Pro Baseb all: San Antonio Dodgers at Tulsa. 
7:3o o rn 
Boxing 
N A B F Super Ban tam w eigh t Cham pionship tight, M ike A yala vs Rodolfo Martinez 
Other bouts: R obert V asau ez vs Augustin 
Estrada. Tony Aranda vs Jo se Luis Hernandez, 
M unicipal Auditorium, 8:3o p rn 
High School Baseball. Class A A A A Bidisfrict playoff, Jefferson vs Roosevelt. Blossom Ath letic Center, 7:3o p rn 
(tirst gam e of best of three series). District 13 A A A playoff. Uvalde at Pleasanton, 4: IS p m (second gam e of best of three series) 
Golf: W orldwide M ilitary Dependents Cham pionship Tournament, Randolph A F B . all day 

W E D N E S D A Y 
P ro Baseb all: San Antonio Dodgers at Tulsa. 
7:3o p rn 
High School Baseball: Class A A A A Bidistrict playoff, South San Antonio vs M arshall, Inset m aim Field. 7:3o p m 
(second gam e of best ot three series) 
C o llege T e n n is: T rin ity W o m e n a l A IA W 
Regionals. Fayetteville. Ark. 

Golf: W orldwide M ilitary Dependents C h am ­ pionship Tournament, Randolph A F B . all day. 
Pro Wrestling 
M unicipal Auditorium . 8 3o p rn 

T H U R S D A Y 
Pro Baseball- San Antonio Dodgers at Tulsa, 
7 3o P rn 
C ollege B a s e b a ll: So u th w est C o n fe re n c e 
Tournam ent, D isch Fo lk Field. Austin Texas 
A BM vs Ai kansas. 5 p m , Texas vs S a v io r. 8 p rn 
High School Baseb all: Class A A A A B id isfrict playoff Jeffe rson vs Roosevelt. K eefe Field . 
4;I5 p rn (second gam e of best of three sci ms) 
Golf: W orldwide M ilitary Dependents Cham pionship Tournament Randolph A F B , all day 
C ollege T e n n is: T rin ity W om en a t A I A W 
Regionals, Fayetteville. Aik 

F R I D A Y 
Pro Baseball 
San Antonio Dodgers at Tulsa, 
7 3o p rn 
C ollege B a s e b a ll: So u th w est C o n fe re n c e 
Tournam ent. D isch Fo lk Field. Austin 
F irs t game 5 p m , second gam e 8 p rn 
High School Baseball: Class AAAA Bidisfrict playoffs — M a rs h a ll vs 
South Son Antonio. 
Inseimann Field, 8 p m , it necessary Jefferson vs Roosevelt Blossom Athletic Center, / to p m , if n e c e s s a ry ; D istric t 13 A A A p la vo lt, 
•Uvalde vs Pleasanton at Hondo, 7 JO p m , lf necessary 
C ollege T en n is 
T rin ity W om en a l A I A W 
Regionals. Fayetteville Aik 

SA T U R D A Y 
Pro Baseball: San Antonio Dodgers at Tulsa, 
7 3o p rn 
C ollege T e n n is, t r in ity W om en at A IA W 
Regionals. Fayetteville Ark 
Motorsports: D rag racing, Alam o D rogw ay. 7 p m . Stock cor racing. P an A m erican Speed way, 8 p iii 

Form er pro golfer dies 

Jam es L. O’Brien, Munday at 8 p.m. at Roy former San Antonio pro- Akers Funeral Chapel, fessional golfer, died Mass will be said Tues- 
Friday in Gary, Ind. day at IO a m. at St. 
Rosary will be recited 

Anthony De Padua Cath­ olic Church. 
Interment will be at 
Holy Cross Cemetery. 

Buy 3 shocks, get lite 4th 

Now, Save 25% on 
Gabriel 
Striders 

For a limited time only, buy 3 Gabriel 
Striders—and get the 
4th one free1 
Striders are the heavy-duty shocks you can adjust to three different settings: Regular. 
Firm or Extra Firm 
So you get the ride thats just right for the way you drive. 
And now, you get it at a price that s just right for you. too. 

People who know shocks, go Gabriel. 

G a b rie l Shocks A v a ila b le at th ese p a rticip a tin g D ealers: 

P ow er P la y 
Cassette 

Powerplay under-dash that puts 24 w atts of pow er in your car. Fast forw ard and rew ind. Slide mount in c lu d e d . Su per b a rg a in at this price! 
DYER 

In-dash AM/FM 
8 -tra ck S te re o 
W ith p u s h b u tto n s 

Five pre-set pushbuttons, dial-in- the-door styling, front-rear fader for 
4-speaker Matrix. 

Indash AM/FM 
8-track stereo 
Never before has a Craig in-dash 
A M /FM 8-track car stereo been of­ fered at this price! These are brand new — not reconditioned units! 

Cassette 
C a r Stereo 

• Fast forw ard & rew ind 

• In-dash or under dash 

DYER 9 i i a 
7 7 

• • 5 o ® o 

12 watt per channel Receiver 

O ne of the finest small receivers is now on sale 
Tape monitor, phono, auxiliary inputs, plus loud ness contour. 
DYER 

4o watt per channel Receiver 

The m oo reliable receiver on the market is the KR-56oo by Kenwood 
A big 4o watts per channel plus FM Dolby, twin lope monitors, twin phone inputs, and super styling. 

• 
..aft* $ (3 S 

165 watt per channel Receiver 

ABSOLUTELY THE LOWEST PRICE IN TEXAS! You are not limited to one per customer! Dealers ore welcome! We give rain checks! 

PARK NORTH 
AUTO PARTS 

1o81 I P errin B e ite l Rd. 
653-5661 (Northeast) 

C A C AUTO PARTS 

6 1 o W . H ild e b ra n d 
735-9411 (North) 

MORENO 
AUTOMOTIVE CENTER 

7 2 o 3 S o m m e rse t Rd. 
924-5927 (South) 

D & G AUTO PARTS 
3 2 o E. N a k o m a 
(O ff San P edro) 
494-7741 (Northeast) 

SAN PEDRO 
AUTO SUPPLY 

6 3 3 7 San P ed ro 
341-8146 (Northeast) 

RELIABLE AUTO 
PARTS 

2 7 2 2 C o le b ra 
434-9436 (West) 

PAT’S AUTO PARTS 

1 7 1 5 C a stro v ille Rd. 
432-231 I (Southwest) 

KENNY’S AUTO 
PARTS 

I 9 o 8 N . W . M ilita ry 
344-4566 (Northwest) 

CHAS. LUNA AUTO 
PARTS 

1 4 1 4 N o . Z a rz a m o ra 
734-72o5 (West) 

LUNA AUTO PARTS 

I 6 o 3 W e s t C o m m e rce 
226-63o7 (West) 

San Antonio E X P R E S 5 -N E W S — - Sunday M a y 15 1 9 7 7 
DODGER DAD 
B y B o b D a le 

Dodgers nip Mets, 5-4 

NEW YO RK (AP) — Reggie Smith drove in two runs with a homer and single, Rick Monday homered and 
Charlie Hough provided strong late-in- ning relief to lead the Los Angeles 
Dodgers to a 5-4 victory over the New 
York Mets Saturday. 
Smith triggered the scoring in the nationally televised game with a two- out homer, his seventh of the season, off Nino Espinosa, ‘2-3, in the first 

 inning. 
Monday hit his fifth homer leading off the second and Dave Lopes tripled home another run in the inning to give unbeaten Doug Rau, 5-o, a 3-1 cushion. 
The Dodgers scored two decisive runs on RHI singles by Smith and Ron 
Cey in the fifth but needed Hough’s tough relief pitching to nail it down. 
The Mets scored their fourth run on 
Bruce Boisclair’s twoout single. 

L O S . A N G E L E S 
N E W . Y O R K ab r h bi 
Lopes 
2b 
4 I 2 I 
M zzilli ct 
R u sse ll ss 
4 I I o 
R a n d le 
2b 
Sm ith rf 
4 I 2 2 
Vail rf 
Hale rf 
O O O 
o 
M iln e r ph 
Cey 
3b 
3 o I 
I 
Lo ckw d p 
G a rv e y lb 
4 o o o 
K n g m n rf 
M o n d a y cf 
4 I I 
I 
S la m s c 
B a k e r lf 
3 o o o 
B scla ir lf 
Y e age r c 
4 o o o 
Grote c 
Rau p 
3 I I 
o 
L F s te r ss 
G o rm a n p 
O O O 
o 
Phllp s ss 
H ough p 
I o o o 
E sp n sa 
Todd 
Krnpot 
A p d a ca 
T e rre 

 p p oh p lb 
Total 
34 5 8 5 
Total 

 a b r h bi 
5 o o o 
2 4 o 
I 2 I 
O O O 
O O O 
o o o 
1 I I 
o I I 

5 
4 
1 
o 
5 
3 
3 
3 
2 
2 
2 
o 
I 
o 
I 
37.4 

o 2 
o o 
o o 
o o 
o o 
o o 
o o 
o o 
IO 

Lo s 
Angeles 
... 
1 2 o o 2 o o o o— 
5 
New 
Y o rk 
. 
. 
IO O 
I I o I o o— . 4 
L O B — Lo s 
A n ge le s 
4, 
N ew 
Y o rk 
12. 
2 8 — Randle, 
Vail, 
Grote. 
H R — Sm ith 
(7), 
M o n d d v 
(5). 
S B — Randle. 
IP 
H 
R 
E R B B SO 
R au 
(W.5-o) 
5 
7 
3 
3 
3 
4 
G o rm a n 
I 1-3 2 
I 
I 
I 
2 
H ough 
2 2 3 
I 
o 
o 
2 
I 
Esp in o sa 
( L,2-3) 
4 1-3 8 
5 
5 
I 
5 
Todd 
I 2-3 o 
o 
o 
o 
3 
Apodaca 
2 
o 
o 
o 
o 
I 
Lockw ood 
I 
o 
o 
o 
o 
I 
S u v e — H ough 
(9). 
H B P — B v 
Lo ck w o o d 
(B a k e r). 
T — 2 : 36. 
A — 18,169. 

Tw ins, 13-3 
B L O O M IN G T O N (A P ) - Larry 
Hisle drove in four runs and Dave 
Goltz coasted behind Minnesota’s 
2o-hit attack Saturday as the Twins crushed the Toronto Blue Jays 13-3. 
Goltz, 2-2, hurled Minnesota’s first complete game in two weeks, scatter­ ing eight hits. 
M IN N E S O T A ob r h bi . . 
.......... 
4 2 2 o W v n g a r c 
3 o 1 o Sm iley 
4 o 1 1 Corew 
3 o 1 o Bstock 
3 o 2 1 Cbbage 
4 o o o Chiles 
4 o o o Hisle 
4 o o o N rw ood 
4 1 1 o Ford 
G rn sk i 
W ithing 
33.3.8.2 Toto! 

T O R O N T O ab r h bi 
B ailor 
A W oods 
Howell 
Velez 
F a irly 
Ault 
A sh b y 
G W od s 
P G rc ia 

 lf 
3b rf dh lb c cf 
2b 

 ss 
2b cf 
3b dh lf lf rf rf 
2b 
Total 

Toronto 
M in nesota 
E — Sm alley, 
M in nesota 
I ll 
2 B — Hisle, gar. 

Sin g e r 
(L,2-5) 
B ru n o 
D e B a rr 
H rtnstein 
G O IN 
<W,2-2) 
W P — Singer, 

H isle 
L O B — Toronto 
6, 
Chilea, 
Carew . 

IP 
H . 
2 2-3 6 
2 1-3 7 
2 3 3 
2 1-3 4 
9 
8 
Goltz. 
P B — A sh b y 

42.13.2o.13 

o o 1 o 2 o o o o— 3 
2 o 4.o I 4.1 I x — 13 
D P — T oronto 
I, 
M in n e so ta 
3 B — W yne- 

E R B B SO 

4 
4 
I 
4 
o 
o 
1 
o 
o 
2 
I 
o 
2 
3 
3 
H B P — 

H a n n o n signs 

W A SH IN G T O N (A P ) 
— The National Football 
League’s 
W ashington 
Redskins have signed 
Clarence Harmon, 22, a free-agent running back 

B y 
B ru n o 
(F o rd ). 
T -2 :4 1 . 
A -1 o,5o3. 

P la y e r p e risc o p e 

H ere is a look at how p la y e rs from Sa n Antonio a re doing in the 

7142 N. SAN PEDRO AVE. 
238 S. W. MILITARY DR. 
492o FREDERICKSBURG RD. 

Service Center Hours 
M on d ay-F rid o y 9 -9 
Sa tu rd ay 9 -6 
Closed Su n days 

DUNLOP 
4 FULL PIY* 
POLYESTER CORDS! 

WHITE 
PLUS 
ONLY 
3.oo 
EACH!_________ 

A D D M IL E S OF W E A R ! 
WHEEL 
ALIG NM ENT! 
88 
Most US tors. 
Ports antra if needed 

 m inor leagues. 

P la y e r Club 
B A T T IN G 
A B 
R 
H 2B 3B H R R B I Pct. 
R IC H G U E R R A Season 
45 
3 ll 
4 
o 
2 
12 
.244 
T O L E D O (A A A ) Week 
16 
I 
3 
I 
o 
I 
3 
.187 
R O N J A C O B S Season 
5o 
5 
12 
I 
I 
o 
5 
.24o 
H O L Y O K E (A A ) Week 
16 
I 
3 
o 
o 
o 
I 
187 
J IM K I D D E R Season 
27 
12 
7 
2 
o 
I 
5 
.259 
S H R E V E P O R T (A A ) W eek 
17 
6 
3 
2 
o 
I 
4 
.176 
K E N P A P E Season 
68 
9 
16 
3 
o 
I 
I 
235 
I OC SO N (A A A ) Week 
28 
2 
5 
o 
o 
o 
2 
.178 
G A R R Y P Y K A Season 
6 
I 
I 
o 
o 
o 
I 
.167 
H O I Y O K E (A A ) W eek 
I 
o 
o 
o 
o 
o 
o 
OOO 
T E R R Y P Y K A Season 
2 
o 
o 
o 
o 
o 
I 
.5oo 
T U C S O N (A A A ) Week 
2 
o 
o 
o 
o 
o 
I 
.5oo 
B L A IR S T O U F F E R Season 
3/ 
4 
4 
o 
o 
o 
2 
.1o8 
T U L S A (A A ) Week 
7 
4 
4 
o 
o 
o 
o 
.571 

P la ye r Club 
P IT C H IN G 
G 
W 
L 
IP 
H 
B B 
SO 
E R A 
M IC K E Y M A H L E R Season 
3 
I 
o 
17 
17 
6 
6 
4,24 
R IC H M O N D (A A A ) W eek 
I 
o 
o 
5 
4 
2 
I 
— 
R IC H A R D M A H L E R Season 
2 
I 
o 
IO 
7 
I 
6 
I 8o 
S A V A N N A H (A A ) Week 
I 
o 
o 
7 
5 
5 
4 
OOO 

 let Our Expert* 
Set Camber, 
(aster & Toe 
Shims A Labor 
Included 

Extra Sayings on Pirelli 
Motorcycle Tires! 

2 o % OFF OUR REGULAR LOW PRICE 

ON ANT SIZE IN STOCK! 

DUNLOP TRUCK TIRES! 

STtCt BELTED RADIALS 
8 ooR-I6.5 
8 3 66 
71 S3| 
8 ’SS 16 5 
8 4.19 
76 881 
9 SOR 16 S 
8 4 93 
86 881 

-Ply idling* ate the manufoduier s rating* t speiilifotion*. 
• 'Paned White letter*. 

SH O C K A B S O R B E R S ! 
488 

 each 

S T A N D A R D : 
O. t. Q. W orronteed for 1 2 , o o o Mile*. 

 each 

PREM IU M : 
W a r r a n t e e d A s t o n g 
A s You O w n the Carl 

 o u i smocks m c m hacid tau 13 oui fails 
INSTALLED till It W I INSTALLED IT — UPON 
IIETURN TO ANT O I O U I AUTO C IN T IIS STAN­ 
DARDS A l l W A R ! A N T IID UA TO I 3.ooo MIKS 
H O N fU RCM ASI OAT! ANO AHEAMUtAS ASE 
W A R IA N IU D A S LONO A S YOU O W N TNI CAR 
We haw# to hi feat* U S «mpo*r*d Cor* a*o Peck- up*. Cxpe't tw**oflq*8Q* 1* o»ouob»* 

BRAKE PACKAGE! 
Disc or Drums! 

Install new linings or disc pads, f r o n t grease seals, disc hardware S return springs. 
Turn and true drums or rotors. 
Rebuild wheel cylinders & or disc calipers. 
Repack front wheel bearings Adjust emer­ gency brake. Safety road test your car for safety. 

6988 

Drum Tvpe 

All 4 W h e e l* 
8988 

O ne Tv s * 
All 4 W heel* front Disc, Keo Drums-! 
(MOST U. S. AUTOMOBILES) 
Your brake system will be inspected— if addition­ al work or parts are needed, you'll be informed before work begins FREE INSPECTION — - NO 
O B L IG A T IO N : 

Typhoon Steel 
Dish Whee!: 

H igh Perform ance look! Brilliant Chrom e 

Plated, hts dfum or disc b ra k e * m ost 

U 5 or Im ported C ars, Truck* of B V * 
D e e p D ish V ented D e sig n 
Pp" 
W* 14*6 
O O 
= 3 6 4 o o o ' udf-t chfom# cap Prs*# pius 
*p«cta* n outing nu*» 
98 oaf wkff* vigMiy- higher track* or RY* 
LINE AVA'lA&a AT COMPARATE LOW WNC* 
28 

What's your favorite 

 m e a l ? 

□ Steak? 
□ Seafood? 
□ Mexican food!' 
□ All of the above. 

Introducing the 
Spanish Galleon s 
Sunday/Monday Special. 
You get ail of the above for only 
$5.95. 

You get a delicious 6 oz. U5DA Choice Rib-eye 
Steak broiled to order, a generous helping of 
Rock Shrimp broiled in burrer, and o cheese and onion enchilada with special Spanish sauce. Plus you get o fresh garden salad wirh your choice of dressings. All for $5.95, on Sunday and Monday only. 

■ a 
T h e iii Spanish 
Galleon 
SEAFOOD RESTAURANT 

6637 San Pedro 
349-1493 

Major League pitching, hitting 

Com plete through g a m e s of 
T h u rsd a y 
A M E R I C A N 
L E A G U E 
T E A M 
BA T TIN G 
AB 
R 
. H HR R B I P ct 
Chicago 
1o31 
154 
299 
36 149 .29o 
New 
Y o rk 
966 14o 
275 
26 13o 
285 
Boston 
922 128 
261 
25 
124 
283 
M innesota 
1o35 
159 
283 
24 145 
274 
C alifornia 
1o47 
155 
283 
38 147 .271 
Texas 
933 n o 
2 4 9 *2 5 IOO .267 
K a n sa s City 
193o 
152 
275 
17 136 .267 
Detroit 
9a9 129 
256 
34 122 .264 
Toronto 
1o35 
1.16 
273 
2o 
123 .264 
Seattle 
1159 126 
3o3 
25 
12o .262 
O akland 
99o 
132 
254 
34 
12! .257 
Cleveland 
92! 
118 
231 
14 
1o3 .251 
Baltim ore 
824 
89 
199 
25 
83 .242 
M ilw au kee 
992 no 
238 
19 1o2 .24o 
IN D IV ID U A L 
B A T T IN G 
SO or m o re at bats 
A B . 
R . , H . H R 
R B I Pc! 
AW oods 
Tor 
89 
13 
35 
2 
II 
.393 
M a n k w sk i 
D e l 
SO 
6 
19 
I 
8 .38o 
P a g e 
O ak 
114 
25 
43 
8 
24 
.377 
Velez 
Tor 
86 
16 
31 
7 
28 
.36o 
Burleson 
B os 
1o6 
14 
38 
I 
IO .358 
Chalk 
Cal 
94 
9 
33 
o 
9 .351 
Curew 
M in 
12o 
19 
42 
2 
16 .35o 
F isk 
Bos 
93 
19 
32 
4 
18 
344 
B Sm ilh 
B ai 
7o 
9 
24 
I 
6 .343 
B annister 
Chi 
117 
2o 
4o 
o 
9 .342 
Fuentes 
Det 
1o5 
IS 
35 
o 
6 .333 
B ailor 
Tor 
87 
16 
29 
2 
7 .333 
H a rg ro ve 
Tex 
93 
16 
31 
2 
12 .333 
W oshngtn 
Tex 
87 
8 
29 
2 
IO .333 
M u n so n 
N Y 
112 
21 
37 
6 
2o .33o 
Bostock 
M in 
1o6 
19 
35 
3 
IS 
.33o 
RW hite 
N Y 
IOO 
IS 
33 
3 
12 .33o 
C abbage 
M in 
94 
17 
31 
o 
14 .33o 
Singleton 
Bal 
7o l l 
23 
2 ll 
.329 
Lem on 
Chi 
1o7 
19 
35 
5 
23 .327 
G B reft 
K C 
1o7 
18 
35 
I 
12 .327 
W ynegar 
M in 
77 
12 
25 
4 
14 .325 
Lopez 
Sea 
78 
9 
25 
I 
12 .321 
P aK e U y 
Bal 
5o 
6 
16 
5 ll 
.32o 
M c R a e 
K C 
123 
2o 
39 
o 
15 .317 
Sanguillen 
Oak 
114 ll 
36 
I 
IS 
.316 lo g e 
Sea 
54 
IO 
17 
o 
5 .315 
Cooper 
M il 
1o5 
IS 
33 
3 
16 
314 
Zisk 
Chi 
122 
21 
38 
IO 
27 .311 
G rub b 
Cle 
52 
4 
16 
2 
14 
3o8 
J N o rris 
Cle 
78 
13 
24 
I 
7 
3o8 
Y sfrzm sk i 
Bos 
95 
14 
29 * 
2 
17 
3o5 
R iv e rs 
N Y 
95 
IO 
29 
I 
13 .3o5 
D T h o m a s 
M il 
59 ll 
18 
2 ll 
.3o5 
C m p a n e n s 
Tex 
112 
12 
34 
I 
4 .3o4 
C h am b liss 
N Y 
1o9 
17 
33 
4 
2o 
3o3 
Soderholm 
Chi 
IOO 
15 
3o 
5 
14 .3oo 
Randolph 
N Y 
1o7 
17 
32 
I ll 
.299 
B ra u n 
Sea 
114 
13 
34 
o 
8 
298 
H a rra h 
Tex 
94 
13 
28 
5 
13 
.298 
C M a y 
N Y 
54 
8 
16 
o 
3 .296 
Ault 
Tor 
1o9 
19 
32 
6 
24 
.294 
Bochfe 
Cle 
99 
12 
29 
2 
8 .293 
Orto 
Chi 
99 
9 
29 
3 
16 .293 
G a rr 
Chi 
1o6 
18 
31 
I 
IO 
.292 
M M a y 
Det 
89 
9 
26 
2 
6 .292 
Paquette 
K C 
72 
8 
21 
o 
3 .292 
H orton 
Tex 
79 
IO 
23 
5 l l 
.291 
8 e rn h ard t 
Sea 
93 
13 
27 
5 
17 .29o 
H isle 
M in 
114 
19 
33 
8 
29 .289 
G ro ss 
Oak 
1o1 
16 
29 
9 
2o .287 
Stein 
Sea 
129 
13 
37 
3 
IS 
.287 
O glivie 
Det 
1o5 
17 
3o 
6 
15 .286 
F a irly 
Tor 
77 
14 
22 
2 
12 .286 
W illiam s 
O ak 
91 
IO 
26 
7 
12 .286 
Stinson 
Sea 
77 
7 
22 
I 
6 .286 
RScott 
O ak 
53 
9 
IS 
o 
3 .283 
R e m y 
Cal 
117 
18 
33 
o 
12 .282 
P orter 
K C 
82 
14 
23 
I 
13 
28o 
Cow ens 
K C 
118 
18 
33 
5 
2o .28o 
E v a n s 
B o s 
93 
19 
26 
6 
13 .28o 
G am ble 
Chi 
61 ll 
17 
4 
IO .279 
R u d i 
Cal 
119 
22 
33 
7 
33 .2/7 
K u ip e r 
Cle 
IQI ll 
28 
o 
8 .277 
K em p 
Det 
94 
16 
26 
5 
IS 
.277 
Bond s 
Cal 
123 
23 
34 
7 
IS 
.276 
H enderson 
Tex 
87 
9 
24 
3 
7 .276 
Kendall 
Cle 
SI 
4 
14 
2 
6 
275 
Patek 
K C 
1o2 
17 
28 
o 
16 .275 
W ilfong 
M in 
51 
7 
14 
I 
3 .275 
T hom p son 
Det 
92 
15 
25 
5 
2o .272 
M u r r a y 
Bal 
93 
13 
25 
6 
IO 
.269 
GSCott 
B o s 
1o8 
17 
29 
4 
IO 
269 
G rich 
Col 
12o 
15 
32 
5 
15 .267 
G W oods 
Tor 
94 
13 
25 
o 
9 .266 
Chiles 
M in 
53 
8 
14 
o 
7 .264 
W ills 
Tex 
91 
12 
24 
2 
IO 
.264 
M o o re 
M il 
84 
IC 
22 
o 
7 .262 
Spencer 
Chi 
119 
15 
31 
3 
12 
261 
R e Ja c k so n 
N Y 
96 
19 
25 
5 
16 .26o 
Y ount 
M il 
123 
12 
32 
2 
12 .26o 
R ic e 
B os 
1o4 ll 
27 
3 
14 
26o 
C R e yn o id s 
Sea 
112 
9 
29 
2 
7 
259 
Lezcano 
M il 
1o9 
IO 
28 
5 
13 .257 
M e y e r 
Sea 
116 
13 
3o 
5 
IS 
254 
E ssia n 
Chi 
75 ll 
19 
2 
13 .253 
B u m b ry 
Bal 
91 
12 
23 
I 
4 
253 
B B ell 
Cle 
IOO 
13 
25 
2 
12 .25o 
M a n n in g 
Cle 
1o9 
18 
27 
o 
3 .248 
D oyle 
B o s 
85 ll 
21 
o 
6 .247 
Dent 
N Y 
85 
IO 
2! 
I 
13 
247 
M o n e y 
M il 
1o2 ll 
25 
2 ll 
245 
Allen 
O ak 
94 
IO 
23 
4 
23 
245 
A R d rig u e z 
Det 
54 
5 
13 
2 
4 
241 
K u sic k 
M in 
54 
6 
13 
2 
7 
241 
O tis 
K C 
113 
17 
27 
5 
19 
239 
B lan ks 
Cie 
59 
9 
14 
2 
7 
237 
H obson 
Bos 
97 
8 
23 
3 
2o 
237 
L e Flo re 
Det 
114 
12 
27 
3 
16 
237 
Sundb erg 
Tex 
73 
8 
17 
o 
9 
233 
R u Jo n e s 
Sea 
121 
16 
28 
3 
13 
231 
B a ylo r 
Cal 
117 
24 
27 
7 
17 
231 
RoJcickson 
Cal 
52 
7 
12 
3 
7 
231 
C arty 
Cle 
84 
6 
19 
I 
IO 
226 
North 
O ak 
98 
17 
22 
I 
5 
224 
Bando 
M il 
1o7 
7 
24 
I 
13 
224 
Sfoub 
Det 
1o9 
It 
24 
4 
13 
22o 
A sh b y 
Tor 
91 
4 
2o 
I 
8 
22o 
M ilb ou rn e 
Sea 
1o1 
9 
22 
o 
5 
218 
H um p hrey 
Cal 
65 
6 
14 
I 
7 
215 
L M a v 
Bal 
93 
8 
2o 
2 
12 
215 
R M ille r 
B os 
52 
6 ll 
o 
6 
212 
Joshua 
M il 
1o9 
14 
23 
2 
IO 
211 
M a y b e rry 
KC 
114 
18 
24 
4 
17 
211 
Stanton 
Sea 
57 
5 
12 
4 ll 
211 
Beniquez 
Tex 
81 ll 
17 
I 
IO 
21o 
Sm alley 
M in 
96 
15 
2o 
I 
8 
2o8 
Fo rd 
M in 
1o7 
IS 
22 
I ll 
2o6 
P G a rc ia 
Tor 
88 
7 
18 
o 
4 
2o5 
FW hite 
K C 
88 
IO 
18 
I 
7 
2o5 
P IT C H IN G or m o re decisions 
IP 
H B B SO W L E R A 

Tex 

ToJohnson 
M in 
D evine 
Tex 
F igu e ro a 
N Y 
Tid row 
N Y 
Litten 
K C 
Blvieven 
Tex 
P a lm e r 
Bal 
G u ru 
K C 
D A le xn d e r 
Slaton 
M il 
R y a n 
Cal 
H a a s 
M il 
Colborn 
K C 
K e rn 
Cle 
A rro y o 
Del 
R M u y 
Bal 
Lan gfo rd 
Oak 
Rozem a 
Del 
T anana 
Cal 
B u rgm e ie r 
M in 
Stone 
Chi 
□ M a rtin e z 
Bal 
Jen kins 
Bos 
G a rvin 
Tor 
T ro v e rs 
M il 
G rim sle y 
Bal 
Cleveland 
Leonard 
T h rd sg rd 
Augustine 
Hunter 
H o rn e ll 
Col 
Lindblad 
Tex 
Blue 
Oak 
V u ck o vich 
Tor 
B a rrio s 
Chi 
Tiant 
Bos 
Hiller 
Del 
Zahn 
M in 
Goltz 
M in 
T orrez 
N Y 

22 
17 5 14 
12 
7 6 
8 
43 
39 13 17 
27 
26 6 15 
18 
14 6 21 
54 
48 21 47 
71 
48 18 43 
23 
18 5 ll 
44 
34 14 ll 
32 
33 2o 
13 I 
68 
43 52 
69 5 
42 
38 ll 
2o 2 
51 
49 18 
22 4 
17 
16 9 
13 I 
3o 
26 9 
7 1 
43 
43 2o 
13 3 
29 
25 16 
22 3 
55 
48 7 
27 3 
64 
58 17 
6o 5 
25 
26 5 
6 3 
28 
33 14 
18 I 
18 
12 7 
IO I 

B os 
K C 
M in 
M il 
N Y 

Roberts 
Spliftorff 
Knap p 
Laxton 
M edich 
TM oore 
LaR o ch e 
ST h o m a s 
Holtzm an 
Fitzm o rris 
M ontague 
Le m n czvk 
Jefferson 
K B re ff 
Chi 
Gulleff 
N Y cam pbell 
B os 
H a rg a n 
Tex 
W heelock 
Sea 
C astro 
M il 

D el 
K C 
Chi 
Sea 
Oak 
Sea 
Cal 
Sea 
N Y 
Cle 
Sea 
Tor 
Tor 

54 
43 6 25 
53 
5o 17 31 
SO 47 
26 
17 
4o 
4o 9 13 
45 
37 
12 
22 
48 
45 19 33 
31 
36 13 IO 
55 
48 21 17 
18 
19 6 
9 
3o 
28 8 
16 I 
22 
18 6 l l I 
47 
49 l l 34 3 
18 
17 ll ll 2 
44 
39 14 24 3 
32 
39 5 
21 2 
18 
13 8 
19 I 
45 
58 9 28 5 
47 
51 15 
1/ I 
4o 
33 19 
21 5 
46 
46 ll 
21 3 
53 
58 26 22 I 
4o 
39 22 26 4 
I 
4.28 
23 
18 13 
12 2 
I 
4.3o 
41 
5o 14 2o 2 
2 
4.35 
32 
33 18 
13 2 
19 
16 8 
16 2 
47 
56 19 
13 I 
35 
44 IO 
6 2 
32 
36 17 2o 
41 
46 21 17 
46 
5o 21 21 
34 
45 15 17 
42 
54 l l 25 
33 
38 19 23 
17 
15 8 
12 I 
29 
36 14 
15 I 
31 
28 
7 2o 2 
IS 
18 
I 
5 3 
1 
5.28 

2 
1.21 
1 
I 42 
2 
1.49 
I 
1.65 
1 
1.96 
2 
1.98 
2 2.13 
I 
2.31 
I 
2 44 
3 2.51 
3 2.51 
1 
2.57 
3 2.61 
2 2.65 
2 2.7o 
3 2.72 
I 
2.73 
o 2.78 
1 
2.8o 
1 
2.84 
2 
2.86 
3.oo 
3.oo 
3.o2 
3.o4 
3.1o 
3.18 
3.19 
1 
3.19 
4 
3 4o 
2 
3.44 
3 3.56 
2 
3.63 
2 
3.83 
2 
3 86 
1 
3.89 
2 
3.9o 
3 3.93 
1 
3.94 
2 3.99 
I 
4.o2 
4 4.11 
3 4.25 

1 
4 45 
2 4.58 
4.6o 
4.63 
4.68 
4.75 
4.82 
4.93 
5.14 
5.18 
5.19 
5.22 
5 23 

N A T IO N A L 
L E A G U E 
T E A M 
B A T T IN G 
A B 
R . . . H H R R B I P ct 
Lo s Angeles 
1o57 
18o 
314 
38 174 
.29/ 
Pittsb urgh 
963 
144 
275 
27 
134 
.286 
C hicago 
859 
124 
235 
18 115 .274 
Cincinnati 
98 S 134 
266 
22 
126 .27o 
St. Louis 
972 
142 
262 
2o 
99 
.27o 
M ontreal 
866 
92 
226 
IO 
83 
.261 
San Diego 
1135 
154 
293 
25 15o .258 
Philadelphia 
885 
111 
227 
2o 1o5 
257 
Atlanta 
1o52 
111 
265 
21 
1o4 
252 
Houston 
1o21 
1o9 
249 
19 
1o2 
.244 
Sa n F ra n c isc o 
997 
1o1 
242 
17 
92 .243 
New Y ork 
954 
IQI 
218 
21 
93 .229 
IN D IV ID U A L 
B A T T IN G 
5o or m ore at bats 

P a rk e r 
P g h 
Sim m ons 
Scott stL 
M atthew s 
Trillo 
Chi 
Stargell 
P g h 
C Johnson 
C ey 
LA 
E V Ientine 
Sm ith 
L A 
Y e a g e r 
L A 
W infield 
SD 
R ose 
Cin 

StL 

At! 

Htn 

M i l 

A B 
R. .H . H R 
117 
23 
49 
6 
99 
22 
39 
68 
8 
26 
68 
13 
26 
34 
17 
32 
51 
9 
19 
58 
9 
21 
112 
23 
38 ll 
87 
12 
29 
5 
93 
27 
31 
87 
14 
29 
133 
25 
44 
11o 
23 
36 

R B I Pct 
31 .419 
27 .394 
14 .382 
8 .382 
17 .381 
14 .373 ll .362 
37 .339 
15 .333 
2o .333 
16 .333 
31 .331 
14 .327 

G F o ste r 
Cin n o 
12 
35 
4 
21 
318 
G riffey 
Cin 
12o 
22 
38 
2 
12 317 
B R obinson 
Pgh 
SI 
IO 
*16 
2 
14 .314 
D e je su s 
Chi 
99 
16 
31 
I 
9 .313 
O liver 
P g h 
96 
16 
3o 
2 
13 .313 
Sizem ore 
Phi 
74 
9 
23 
I 
6 
311 
M c C o ve y 
S F 
1o3 
13 
32 
5 
23 311 
B u rro u g h s 
At! 
116 
21 
36 
7 
26 .31o 
C arte r 
Mti 
84 
13 
26 
7 
13 .31o 
H endrick 
SO 
11o 
14 
34 
3 
15 .3o9 
M u rc e r 
Chi 
94 
2o 
29 
5 
19 3o9 
Johnstone 
Phi 
75 ll 
23 a 
9 3o7 
Lopes 
L A 
111 
25 
34 
2 
5 
3o6 
Russell 
L A 
141 
2o 
43 
o 
14 .3o5 
E v a n s 
SF 
86 ll 
26 
3 l l .3o* 
K H rn a n d i 
S IL 
93 
15 
28 
* 5 
23 
3o1 
Biittner 
Chi 
8o ll 
24 
o 
9 3oo 
B o iscia ir 
N Y 
5o 
4 
15 
I l l .3oo 
J G o n za lt: 
Htn 
1o8 
8 
32 
o 
7 
796 
K ranepool 
N Y 
71 
9 
21 
2 
6 .296 
Stennett 
P g h 
1o5 
IO 
31 
I l l .295 
F e rg u so n 
Htn 
95 
12 
28 
7 
16 
295 
Crom rtie 
M tl 
96 
9 
28 
o 
5 .292 
Boone 
Phi 
72 
8 
21 
o 
12 .292 
B a k e r 
L A 
1o3 
17 
3o 
5 
18 .291 
M tterw ald 
Chi 
79 
12 
23 
4 
13 
291 
Lu zin tk i 
Phi 
IOO 
16 
29 
6 
19 .29o 
Perez 
M tl 
94 
13 
27 
5 
17 .287 
G o rv e y 
L A 
127 
25 
36 
6 
25 .283 
Tm plelon 
StL 
1o3 
22 
29 
I 
IO .282 
O ve r 
Pgh 
57 
5 
16 
2 
7 .281 
M o n d a y 
L A 
1o7 
16 
3o 
4 
17 .28o 
Cabell 
Htn 
IOO 
13 
28 
I 
IO .28o 
M ad lock 
SF 
118 
18 
33 
3 
15 .28o 
B rock 
StL 
93 
14 
26 
I 
- 4 .26o 
Je M o ra le s 
Chi 
86 
8 
24 
2 
16 .279 
C ash 
M tl 
1o5 
17 
29 
o 
7 .276 
H C ruz 
StL 
84 
13 
23 
I 
14 .274 
M iln e r 
N Y 
S9 
S 
16 
3 
* 271 
Office 
Att 
112 
9 
3o 
I 
9 268 
K in g m a n 
N Y 
IQI 
13 
27 
7 
22 .267 
O ntiveros 
Chi 
83 
8 
22 
I 
9 .265 
D o R a d e r 
S D 
91 
IO 
24 
4 
16 .264 
Bench 
Cin 
95 
13 
25 
5 
16 .263 
M o rg a n 
Cin 
96 
19 
25 
4 
18 .26o 
G R ic h a rd s 
S D 
93 
18 
24 
I 
4 .258 
G a rn e r 
P g h 
1o1 
16 
26 
3 
9 .257 
Stearns 
N Y 
86 
8 
22 
3 
9 .256 
(vie 
SD 
86 
13 
22 
I 
IO .256 
Cncepcion 
Cm n o ll 
28 
o 
7 .255 
C raw ford 
Htn 
63 
8 
16 
I 
IO .254 
Bow a 
Phi 
84 
IO 
2! 
2 
6 .25o 
Cham pion 
SD 
1o9 
8 
27 
o 
IO .248 
M azzilli 
N Y 
1o5 
17 
26 
o 
4 .248 
Speter 
M tl 
61 
5 
15 
o 
2 .246 
M oreno 
Pgh 
9o 
16 
22 
I 
6 .244 
R A n d re w s 
SF 
74 
9 
18 
o 
6 .243 
Reitz 
StL 
1o3 
7 
25 
I l l .243 
P a rris h 
M U 
95 
7 
23 
o 
6 .242 
M a d d o x 
Phi 
116 
14 
28 
2 
14 .241 
Pocoroba 
All 
71 
6 
17 
I 
12 .239 
Tenace 
S D 
117 
17 
28 
4 
25 .239 
D rie sse n 
Cin 
92 
14 
22 
4 
21 .239 
T a v e ra s 
Pg h 
1o5 
16 
25 
o 
9 .238 
M ontanez 
Att 
8o ll 
19 
4 
8 .238 
JC ru z 
Htn 
123 
15 
29 
o 
9 .236 
A lm on 
S D 
123 
13 
29 
o 
9 .236 
Hill 
S F 
73 
6 
17 
2 
6 .233 
Schm idt 
Phi 
95 
18 
22 
7 
13 .232 
Rockett 
AU 
83 
5 
19 
o 
6 .229 
D aw son 
M tl 
7o 
5 
16 
o 
4 .229 
T h m a sso n 
S F 
7o 
6 
16 
2 
3 .229 
W atson 
Htn 
1o6 
17 
24 
3 
13 .226 
Foil 
S F 
112 
8 
25 
o 
3 .223 
T u rn e r 
SD 
77 
14 
17 
3 
9 .221 
Paciorek 
Atl 
59 
7 
13 
7 .22o 
G eronim o 
Cin 
97 
IO 
21 
2 
9 .216 
P IT C H IN G 
3 or m ore decisions 
IP . 
H B B . SO w 
L E R A 
G o ssa g e 
P g n 
24 ll 
14 
24 
3 
o 
I o9 
C andlria 
Pgh 
34 
27 
7 
19 
4 
o 
1.56 
R o g e rs 
M tl 
62 
52 
IS 
45 
4 
I 
1.58 
□Sutton 
L A 
55 
45 
17 
26 
5 
o 1.63 
U rre a 
StL 
18 ll 
4 ll 
I 
2 
1.93 
Eastw ic k 
Cin 
22 
15 
2 
12 
I 
I 2.o5 
H ough 
L A 
37 
24 
12 
3o 
3 
I 
2.19 
K o o sm a n 
N Y 
53 
36 
18 
45 
2 
4 2.35 
Sam bito 
Htn 
22 
14 
7 ll 
3 
I 
2.45 
Den ny 
StL 
4o 
41 
16 
16 
5 
o 2.68 
Shirley 
SD 
42 
37 
IO 
35 
I 
4 2.79 
M ntfusco 
SF 
53 
52 
13 
45 
2 
5 2.87 
B onham 
Chi 
43 
37 
13 
21 
3 
2 2 89 
R R e u sch e l 
Chi 
39 
35 
IS 
2o 
5 
I 
2.95 
Hoofon 
L A 
41 
4o 
13 
28 
3 
I 
3 o2 
Griffin 
SO 
38 
36 
17 
19 
3 
I 
3.o3 
Lerch 
Phi 
43 
39 
13 
25 
4 
2 3.o9 
EsD in o so 
N Y 
31 
32 
8 
12 
2 
2 3.13 
Twifchel! 
Phi 
34 
32 
58 
28 
o 
3 3.15 
Se ave r 
N Y 
51 
4o 
14 
42 
4 
2 3.16 
O em ery 
P g h 
25 
23 
7 
IO 
2 
I 
3.16 
R ook e r 
P g h 
31 
28 
5 
17 
4 
I 
3 16 
R F o rsc h 
SIL 
48 
47 
16 
2! 
5 
I 
3.17 
Ruthven 
Af! 
42 
4o 
17 
26 
3 
3 3.21 
Rau 
LA 
39 
43 
6 
2o 
4 
o 3.23 
R a sm sse n 
StL 
47 
43 
13 
19 
2 
4 3.26 
N o rm a n 
Cin 
35 
31 
18 
33 
I 
2 3.28 
K F o rsc h 
Htn 
24 
23 
8 
12 
3 
2 3 33 
R ic h a rd 
Htn 
SO 
44 
19 
4o 
2 
2 3.38 
Carlton 
Phi 
48 
45 ll 
3o 
4 
I 
3 54 
F in g e rs 
S D 
27 
28 
7 
2o 
3 
I 
3 62 
G a rb e r 
Phi 
17 
12 
3 
12 
I 
2 3 63 
John 
L A 
36 
48 
7 
22 
3 
I 
3.63 
R iso n 
P g h 
53 
42 
14 
26 
3 
2 3.69 
Stanhouse 
M tl 
48 
44 
26 
26 
3 
4 3.7o 
B u rris 
Chi 
45 
46 
14 
23 
4 
4 4.oo 
H alicki 
S F 
33 
36 
13 
23 
2 
3 4 o5 
B a rr 
S F 
SO 
59 
IO 
26 
5 
2 4.14 
M srsm th 
Atl 
32 
28 
6 
14 
2 
I 
4.18 
Rhoden 
L A 
38 
37 
7 
21 
5 
o 4.19 
Lem ongllo 
Htn 
35 
43 
8 ll 
o 
4 4.29 
H a n n a h s 
M tl 
35 
4o 
15 
19 
I 
4 4 33 
JB ro w n 
M tl 
21 
19 
IO 
13 
I 
2 4.57 
M cG iothn 
S F 
41 
43 
16 
24 
2 
3 4 57 
Chrstnson 
Phi 
39 
44 
13 
26 
3 
3 4.62 
A n d u ja r 
Htn 
37 
38 
16 
17 
2 
2 4.62 
R Jo n e s 
SD 
SO 
63 
5 
16 
3 
4 4 65 
B in gh a m 
Cin 
47 
66 
18 
27 
4 
2 4 79 
Z ach ry 
Cin 
48 
5o 
17 
22 
2 
S 4.84 
M atlack 
N Y 
42 
52 
6 
35 
I 
4 4 89 
R e u ss 
P g h 
36 
45 
13 
16 
o 
3 4 91 
Falcone 
StL 
38 
41 
16 
27 
I 
4 
4.93 
Sw an 
N Y 
26 
33 
9 l l 
I 
4 5 81 
P N ie kro 
Atl 
SS 
72 
35 
4o 
o 
7 6.21 
F ry m a n 
Cin 
36 
49 
19 
19 
2 
3 6.25 
Frsleb en 
S D 
26 
29 
8 
IO 
o 
3 6.49 
C ap ra 
Atl 
27 
37 
13 
17 
o 
3 6.67 

Texas 
League leaders 

Note: Statistics in clu d e s g a m e s th ro u g h M a y 8 except A r k a n s a s at S h re v e p o rt ( M a y 5-6-7); E l 
P a so at M id la n d (M a y 8). 

T E A M B A T T IN G 
A B 
R 
H 
H R 
R B I 
PC L 
El P a so 
652 
16o 
225 
2o 
135 
.345 
San Antonio 
686 
1o8 
212 
12 
95 
.3o9 
M id lan d 
678 
116 
184 
14 
98 
.271 
Shreveport 
7o2 n o 
18o 
13 
96 
.256 
A m a rillo 
7o4 
97 
176 
9 
89 
.25o 
A rk a n sa s 
65o 
73 
162 
5 
6o 
.249 
T ulsa 
72o 
1o1 
175 
7 
89 
.243 
Jackso n 
7o1 
116 
179 
7 
93 
.229 

T O P IO H IT T E R S 
B a se d on 6o at bats 
A B 
R 
H 
H R 
R B I 
Pct. 
Kub ski, E IP 
78 
21 
38 
o 
18 
.487 
Fischetti, SA 
76 
14 
29 
4 
19 
.382 
W ashington, S A 
68 
16 
26 
o 
IO 
.382 
Peters, E IP 
69 
18 
26 
5 
19 
.377 
Lan dreau x, E IP 
7o 
24 
26 
5 
2o 
.371 
Lan sford, E IP 
66 
14 
24 
4 
21 
.364 
Kelly, E IP 
61 
17 
22 
2 
13 
.361 
Pagel, M id 
73 
17 
26 
6 
27 
.356 
Slater, E IP 
79 
25 
28 
o 
8 
.354 
Cardoza, SA 
72 
7 
25 
2 
12 
.347 

Other San Antonio D o d g e r A v e ra g e s 
V illa ra n 
I 
o 
I 
o 
o 1.ooo 
F a rr 
37 ll 
14 
3 
12 
.378 
W ebb 
88 
7 
28 
2 
13 
.318 
R ushde 
77 
14 
23 
I 
7 
.299 
Leonard 
81 
13 
23 
o 
6 ..284 
O lldr ll 
2 
3 
o 
o 
.273 
H ance 
45 
4 
12 
o 
5 
.267 
M e y e rs 
58 
7 
14 
o 
6 
.241 
G a rriso n 
63 
13 
14 
o 
5 
.222 
H o m e R u n L e a d e r s : P a g e l. M id la n d , 6 
L a n ­ dreaux, E l Paso, 5; Peters, E l P aso, 5; Fischefti, 
Sa n Antonio, 4; L a n sfo rd , E l P a so , 4; Safe rig h t, 
Shreveport, 4. 
R B I L e a d e r s : P a g e l, M id la n d , 27; M u r r e ll, 
Am arillo, 21; Lan sford , E l Paso, 21; L a n d re a u x , E l 
Paso, 2o, Sam ple, Tulsa, 2o. 

T O P 
B a se d on 
IO P IT C H E R S 
2o in n in g s pitched 
IP 
H 
B B 
S O 
W L 
E R A 
Racanelli, E IP 
23 
18 
2 
13 
3-o 
o.78 
M cSp ad den, A m 
25 b 
32 
6 
16 
1-3 
1.42 
Honeycutt, Shr 
222j 
19 
IO 
16 
2-1 
1.59 
W oicik, Joe 
2o Vs 
2o 
12 
8 
IO 
1.77 
D. Robinson, S h r 
262 a 
14 
IO 
29 
2-o 
2.o3 
H ouser, A rk 
28 
19 
6 
12 
1-1 
2.57 
S c u rry , Shr 
23 2b 
25 
12 
19 
o-o 
2.66 
Lee, A m 
23Jb 
23 
15 
14 
1-2 
2.66 
Replogle. A rk 
29 2-a 
23 
16 
12 
2-2 
2.73 
D arw in , Tut 
26 
22 
19 
29 
2-o 
2.77 

Sa n A ntonio D o d g e r P itch e rs 
B lggerstaft lVLa 
21 
6 
6 
1-2 
2.75 
Patterson 
23 
26 
4 
13 
IO 
3.91 
Pow er 
24 V3 
13 
24 
18 l l 
4.o7 
D. Sm ith 
14'b ll ll 
13 
OO 
4.4o 
K u n kle r 
IB ’ 3 
21 
IO 
IO 
2-2 
5,4o 
Shirley l» ’/3 
28 
12 
14 
1-1 
8.38 
M a rtin 
13 Va 
26 
8 
7 
1-1 
1o.8o 
Slocum 
14 Vs 
24 
IO 
IS 
O I 
11.3o 
Keete 
9 Vs 
19 
8 
8 l l 
13.5o 
Bob in ge r ll 
26 
5 
2 
o-2 
13.91 

M o s t W in s: R acanetti, E l P a so , 3 o; Jo h n sto n , 
Shreveport, 3-o; D o rse y, E l P aso, 3-o; E lch e lb e rg e r, 
A m arillo, 3-1; H olland, Shreveport, 3-1; F e rris, E l 
P aso, 3-1. 
M o st Strikeouts: M irab e lla, Tulsa, 36; B e re n gu e r, 
J a c k s o n , 35; D a r w in , T u ls a , 29; R o b i n s o n , 
S h r e v e p o r t , 29; S c o tt, J a c k s o n , 26; P a c e lla , 
Jackson, 26. 

Hatchett hooks 'em 

By HARRY PAGE 

O f THE EXPRESS STAPE 
AUSTIN — Former Jay star 
Derrick Hatchett has come a long way, not only in football but in track as well, for the Texas 
Longhorns. 

Hatchett, Texas’ starting defensive cornerback after spring drills, runs the second leg on Texas’ 44o-yard relay team.. 
Since H atch ett has joined the 
Longhorn foursome, which features a gentleman named Johnny Jones, Tex­ as has earned a first place and a se­ cond place in its last two meets. The first time Hatchett ran on the 44o-yard unit, Texas was leading after his leg of the event but dropped the baton. 
“ Coach (C leburne) P rice said he needed a leg on the 44o-yard relay team ,” Hatchett said. “ We had a weak leg that needed replacement. 
“ I joined the team about three weeks after it had started the season, but 
Coach Price still wanted me to come out.” 
Hatchett didn’t qualify for the finals in the IOO and 22o-yard dashes, but he had times of 9.8 and 21.3, respectively. 
And it was the first time he had run both races from the blocks all season. 
“ Derrick is a good one,” Price said. 
“ He joined us after football spring training and has been improving ever since. 
“ If we could have had him earlier. 
Derrick would have been an excellent leg for our mile relay team. The young man has a lot of talent. 
“ Derrick has made a difference in our 44o-yard relay team ,” Price added. 
“ We should see som e g reat things from this young man in the future.” 
H atchett is optim istic about next year as far as track is concerned. 
Giants, 4-3 
CINCINNATI (AP) - Mike Sadek’s suicide squeeze bunt cracked a tie in the ninth inning and capped a two-run 
San Francisco rally that gave the 
Giants a 4-3 victory over the Cincinnati 
Reds Saturday night. 

"EAN 
CINCINNATI a b r h bi a b r h bl 
> lf 
4 o o o Rose 
3b 
4 o I I 
3b 
4 I 2 o Flynn 
3b 
I o o o lb 
4 o I o Griffey rf 
4 o o o rf 
3 o o o M organ 
2b 
3 I o o rf 
I I I o Lam lb 
3 I I I 
Tb 
3 o I o G Fsfer if 
4 o I o cf 
o I o o G rnim o cf 
3 o I o cf 
O O O o Cncpcn ss 
3 o I o lf 
2 o o I 
P lu m er c 
3 I 2 I ss 
4 1 2 2 Arbsfr p r 
o o o o c 
2 o o o Alcala 
P 
2 o o o o r 
o o o o Sum ers 
Ph 
I o o o c 
O O O 
I 
F ry m n 
P 
o o o o p 
2 o o o 
Borbon p 
o o o o 
P 
o o o o Bailey ph 
I o o o p 
O O O o 
Ph 
o o o o 
P 
1 o o o 
3o.4 7. 4 Total 
32 3. 7. 3 

Thomas 
Mdlock 
E vans 
Whtfld 
Clark 
McCvy 
Hrndon 
Elliott 
Thm ssn 
Foil 
Hill 
LeMstr 
Sadek 
Halicki 
Curtis 
Moffitt 
RAdws 
Lavelle 
Total 

San 
F ran cisc o 
. . . 
. 
OO l l o o o o 2— .4 
Cincinnati 
........................... 
o o o . 1 I I . OOO— .3 
LOB—San 
F rancisco 
5, 
Cincinnati 
7. 
2B—Rose, 
P lu m m er. 
HR—Foli 
(I). 
SB— 
Concepcion, 
M organ, 
P lu m m er. 
S—G ero ­ nimo, 
RAndrews, 
Sadek. 
S F —T h o m a s s o n ,. 
P lum m er. 

Halicki 
Curtis 
Moffitt 
Lavelle 
Alcala 
F ry m an 
Borbon 
T—2:16. 

(W,l-1) 

(L,2-4) 

A—32,682. 

IP. .. 
5 
1-3 
1 2-3 
2 
6 
2 1-3 
2-3 

ER BB SO 
3 
2 
3 
I 
o 
o 
I 
I 
I 

Cubs, 6-3 
MONTREAL (AP) — A tworun dou­ ble by Larry Biittner highlighted a four-run third inning as the Chicago 
Cubs defeated the slumping Montreal 
Expos 6-3 Saturday. 

 k n ik H u v , . ab r h bi m w r» I RCI■A U a b r h bi 
D eJsus ss 
5 2 2 1 Cash 
2b 
4 o o o 
Gross lf 
4 2 1 o 
Speier 
SS 
4 o o o 
Biittner lb 
5 1 1 2 
EVIfne rf 
4 1 3 o 
M urcer rf 
2 o 1 2 
Perez lb 
4 1 2 o 
JeM rls cf 
4 o 1 1 
C rm rte lf 
4 o 3 1 
Trillo 
2b 
3 o 1 o 
C arter c 
4 1 o o 
Otvros 
3b 
4 o 1 o 
U nser cf 
4 o 3 2 
Mtrwld c 
3 1 o o P arrish 
3b 
3 o o o 
RRschl 
P 
3 o o o Rogers 
P 
2 o 1 o 
Sutter p 
o o o o J rg n sn ph 
1 o o o 
Atknsn p 
o o o o 
JoM rls ph 
1 o o o 
Total 
33 6 8.6 
Total 
35.3 12.3 

Chicago 
. . . . 
o o 4 . o 1 o . 1 o o— .6 
Montreal 
. . . 
OOO .3 o O O o o— 3 
E —Rogers. 
D P —Chicago 
4. 
LOB—Chi- cago 
6, 
Montreal 
6. 
2B—P erez, 
Biittner, 
Unser, 
Trillo. 
3B—G ross. 
SB-- D e J e s u s 
2, 
M urcer. 
S—R Reuschel, 
Gross. 
SF—Mur- cer. 
IP 
H. R. ER BB SO 
R Reuschel 
<W,6-1) 
8 
12 
3 
3 
I 
3 
Sutter 
Rogers 
(L.4-2) 
Atkinson 
Save—Sutter 
(8). 
Carter. 
H B P - B v 
By 
R og ers 
(Trillo). 

I 
o 
o 
o 
o 
1 
1 
7 
6 
3 
1 
7 
2 
1 
o 
o 
o 
1 
W P—R og ers 
PB— 
R ogers 
(M itterw ald), 
T—2:1o. 
A—14,2o8. 

Tigers, 3-2 

DETROIT 
.................. MILW AUKEE ab r h bi . . 
Leflre cf 
5 1 2 o Jo sh u a cf 
Futnes 
2b 
4 1 2 o Whtfrd 
It 
Staub dh 
3 1 2 2 McMllnph 
Oglivie rf 
3 o o o Brye 
Ilf 
Kemp if 
4 o o o Cooper dh 
Tmpsn ib 
4 o 1 o Lzcono rf 
MMav c 
3 o 2 o Bando 
3b 
Mkwski 
3b 
2 o o o Money 
2b 
Wagner ss 
1 o o o Hegan lb 
MStnly ph 
1 o o o Yount ph 
V eryzr ss 
1 o o o TiJhsn ss 
Haney c 
Total 
. 
31.3.9.2 Total 

 a b r h bi 
4 o 1 o 
o o 
o o o 
2 o o o o 

2 
II 
4 
4 
4 
4 
3 
I 
3 
3 o 
34.2 

oooooIIoooo 
1.2 

Detroit 
................................... 
o o o o I o.o 2 o— .3 
Milwaukee 
........................O o L l o O O O l — .2 
E —K em p,LeFlore. D P —D etroit' 
2, 
Mil­ waukee 
2. LOB—Detroit 
7, 
M ilwaukee 
S. 
2B—Bando, 
Staub. 
3B—Jo sh u a. 
H R — 
Bando 
(4). 
S—MMoy, 
Mankowski. 

Arroyo 
Hiller 
Corf 
(L.l-l) 
McClure 
Castro 
Save—Hiller 

IP. . . H . R . ER BB SO 
8 1-3 8 
2 
2 
o 
3 

(4). 

2-3 o 
o 
7 1 - 3 7 
2 
I 
2 
I 
2-3 o 
o 
W P - C o r t. 

BALTIMORE 

Bm bry 
B Smith 
M user 
LMav 
Harlow 
M u rray 
Pokily 
DeCncs 
KG rein 
Dmpsy 

Total 

 lf 
2b lb lb cf dh rf 
3b ss 

OAKLAND a b r h bi 
4 1 1 o RSeott 
3 1 o o McKny 
3 o 1 1 North 
4 o o o Lintz 
o o o o P ag e 
Allen 
Sngllen 
W hams 
Gross 
A rm a s 
Perez 
32 2.7 I Total 

4 o 2 o 
3 o 1 o 
3 o 1 o 
4 o o o 
4 o 1 o 

SS rf cf 
2b lf lb c db 
3b cf 

 ab r h bi 
3 o 1 o 
1 o 
4 o 
o o 
4 o 
3 o 
4 o 
4 o 
3 o 
3 o 
2 o I 
31 o.5 

Baltim ore 
........................... 
o o o o o o o 2 o— 2 
Oakland 
............................... 
OOO o o o . o o o — .o 
E —LMay, 
Allen, 
Gross. 
DeCinces. 
D P — 
Baltim ore 
I, 
O akland 
I. 
LOB—B altim ore 
2B—DeCinces. 
SB—N orth 
2, 
7, 
Oakland 
Pokily. 
6. 

F lan ag an 
Langford 
Lacey 
T—2:21. 
A—4,216. 

<W,1-1 
(L.3-2) 

IP. ..H 
R 
9 
5 o 
7 2-3 7 
2 
1 1 - 3 o 
o 

ER BB SO 
o 
2 7 
1 
4 5 
o 
o I 

Phillies, 9-5 
PHILADELPHIA (AP) - The Phi­ ladelphia Phillies spotted San Diego three early runs, then rallied behind two home runs by Dave Johnson and solo homers by Garry Maddox and Ted 
Sizemore to defeat the Padres 9-5 
Saturday night. 

SAN DIEGO 
PHILA a b r h bi a b r h bi 
G R hrds lf 
4 1 1 o 
Maddox 
Cf 
5 1 3 3 
Almon ss 
4 1 1 1 
Bowa ss 
5 o 1 o 
Sthrlnd ph 
1 o o o Schmdt 
3b 
4 1 1 o 
Hndrck cf 
4 2 4 1 Lzinski lf 
4 1 1 1 
Winfld rf 
5 1 2 2 D Jhnsn lb 
4 2 2 3 
Tenoce lb 
3 o o o Hutton lb 
o o o o 
DoRder 
3b 
2 o o o Martin rf 
4 o 2 o 
Chmpn 
2b 
5 o o 1 Boone c 
4 1 1 o 
Davis c 
3 o o o Szmore 
2b 
2 3 1 2 
DRbrts c 
1 o 1 o 
Kaat p 
o o o o 
Turner ph 
1 o o o B rsstr p 
o o o o 
Strom 
P 
2 o 1 o 
Tolan oh 
1 o o o 
Spllner p 
o o o o Undrwd p 
2 o o o 
Rtmnd 
Ph 
o o o o G arb er p 
o o o o 
BMtzgr p 
o o o o 
RVItne 
Ph 
1 o o o 
Bernal p 
o o o o 
Total 
36 5 1o.5 
Total 
35 9 12.9 

San 
Diego 
.. 
2 o 1 o o o o o 2— . 5 
Philadelphia 
. . . 
o o 2.3 3 1 o o x— .9 
D P —Philadelphia 
I. 
LOB —Son 
Diego 
12, 
Philadelphia 
6. 
2B—Winfield, 
M artin, 
Schmidt. 
3B—G R ichards, 
Almon. 
HR — 
Maddox 
(3), 
D Johnson 
2 
(3), 
Sizem ore 
(I), 
Winfield 
(7). 
S - Underwood. 
IP . ..H . R . ER BB SO 
Strom 
(L,o-2) 
Spinner 
BMetzger 
Bem ol 
KOOI 
Brusstar 
Undrwood 
G arb er 
HBP—By 
A—26,6o9. 

(W.2-o 

K aat 

4 
1 
2 
12 
I 
5 13 
2-3 

1 
I 
2 
o 

(G R ich a rds). 
T—2:16. 

Texas-Royal box 

TEXAS 
KANSAS CITY a b r h bi ab r h bi 
Wshgtn lf 
4 o o o Nelson db 
4 I o o 
C m pnrs ss 
3 o o o Pqette rf 
4 I 2 I 
H rgrve lb 
3 o o o M cR ae lf 
2 o I I 
Horton dh 
3 o o o Zdeb lf 
O O O o 
Grieve rf 
3 o o o Cowens cf 
4 o 2 o 
H arrah 
3b 
2 o o o LaCck ib 
4 I 2 o 
Wills 
2b 
3 o o o 
P orter c 
4 I 2 I 
Sndbrg c 
2 o o o Rojas 
3b 
4 I I o 
Beniauz ct 
2 o o o Patek ss 
4 1 2 2 
DMay ph 
1 o o o FWhite 
2b 
3 o o I 
Total 
26.o.o.o 
Total 
33.6.12.6 

Texas 
.. 
OOO . o o o . o o o— o 
K ansas 
Oily 
. . . 
o o 2 . o o 2 .o 2 * - 
6 
D P—Texas 
I, 
K an sas 
City 
I. 
LOB 
Texas 
I, 
K an sas 
City 
7. 
2B—LaCock 
2, 
Rojas, 
P orter. 
3B—Poauette, 
P orter, 
Pa- tek. 
SB—H arrah , 
Rojas. 
S—FWhite. 
IP. ..H . R . ER BB SO 

Corf 
(W agner). 
T—2:23. 
A—12,632. 
H B P —By 

Boggs 
(L.o-3) 
5 1-3 9 
4 
4 
2 
3 
Marshall 
2 2-3 3 
2 
2 
I 
o 
Colborn 
(W,5-3) 
9 
O O 
o 
I 
6 
H B P —By 
Colborn 
(H a r r a h ) . 
T—2:1o. 
A—29,978. 

BUSINESS OPPORTUNITY 

A Cbick-ftl-A Restaurant will open soon in Moll Del Norte in Laredo. This, the 68th unit for our 
31 year old Chick-fil-A chain will be available for lease to an individual ow ner/operator. This restaurant will be similar to the eight (8) units already in operation in San Antonio, Corpus 
Christi, Dallas and other Texas cities. 
Chick-fil-A is the basic menu item. It is a boneless, skinless chicken breast served on a bun, or in a box lunch. Completing the limited fast service menu are homemade salads, homemade lemon pie and soft ice cream along with french fries, fresh lemonade and standard beverages. 

 lf you would like to operate your own business, but have limited capital and experience, you may be just the person we are looking for, if you are ambitious and enterprising 
O nly 
$ 5 ,ooo .oo working capital is required. Managem ent experience is desirable, but it neednot be in food service. 
Training, guarantee of a $ 1 2 ,o o o .o o minimum income, protection o f your $ 5 ,ooo .oo operat­ ing capital and continuing assistance are provided by Chick-fil-A, Inc. 

For additional information, call Huie W oods, Director Human Resources (4o4) 76 3-34 56, 8o1 

Dodgers win 

San A ntonio E X P R E S S-N E W S — 
Sunday M a y 15 I 97 7 

White Sox, 18-2 

Cards, 7-6 

CLEVELAND 
CHICAGO 

DERRICK HATCHETT 
. . . long way 

“ Next y e a r I w on’t have to go through spring training and I can start with track from the beginning,” Hat­ chett said. “ We should have an even better track team next season. A lot of guys will be back. I’m looking forward to the nationals this season and a more prosperous year next season. 
“ You know a lot of guys are on the tra c k team , like m yself, Johnny 
(Jones) and Raymond Clayborn, who also play football. Some of the guys just like to do both.” 
Hatchett, who is on a football scho­ larship, moved from split end to cor­ nerback this past season. The quick freshm an, playing behind Clayborn, saw action against the likes of Oklaho­ m a, 
TCU 
(w here he had an interception) and A&M, to name a few. 
“ I’m looking forward to next year football season, and next year’s track program ,” Hatchett said. “ I hope to do well and participate in more track events next year.” 
“ Hatchett’s future looks promising in both football and track. 

Orioles, 2-o 
OAKLAND (AP) — Mike Flanagan pitched a five-hitter for his first major league shutout and the B altim ore 
Orioles scored twice in the eighth inning to defeat the Oakland A’s 2-o 
Saturday. 
Flanagan, 1-1, struck out seven and walked two in hurling the Orioles to their 15th triumph in the last 22 games. 

HINES 

By JOHN HINES 
OE THE EXPRESS-NEWS STAFF 

The San Antonio Dodgers gave their Little League guests a les­ son in how to make a comeback 
Saturday night as they pulled out a 5-4 victory over the Mid­ land Cubs. 

A season-high crowd of 2,o13, swelled by Frost Bank’s Youth Baseball Clinic, saw the Dodgers score a run in the bottom of the eighth, then two in the bottom of the ninth to finally beat the Cubs after losing to them three straight times. 
Final gam e of the five-game series will be at 7:3o p.m. Sun­ day. 
P itching for 
Midland w ill be 
Wayne Doland (o-o), while Ted Power (1-2) goes for S. A. 
The 
D odgers crawled to within 4-3 with a run in the eighth on Jeff Leon­ ard’s two-out single to left. The blow scored Marv Webb, who had walked to lead off the inning and gone to third on pitcher Darrell T urner’s wild pickoff throw. 
Turner, who had gotten out of it after a leadoff triple by Mike Rushde in tho second, nearly did so again, although it was not ' on Cardoza’s fault. 
The wild pickoff throw sent Webb to third, but had it not happened, first basem an Tony P ep p er would have been holding the runner and Cardoza’s line shot would have gone through in­ stead of right to Pepper, playing off the bag instead. 
Turner caught Rushde looking at a fastball over the inside corner before 
Leonard came through. 
A good play by second basem an 
K eith D ru m rig h t behind the bag robbed Charlie Meyers leading off the ninth, but that was the last out Turner recorded. 
Pinch hitter Rick O llar singied to right and leadoff man Ron Washington doubted to send him to third. The 

SWC results 

SWC T ra ck S u m m a ries 
AUSTIN (AP) — H ere a r e the results in final events Saturd ay at the Southwest C o nferen ce T rack a nd Field Meet: 
44o r e l a y — I, T e x a s , 39.54, 
R aym ond Clayborn, D errick Hat c h e tt, O v e r to n s p e n c e , J o h n n y 
J o n e s , n e w SWC r e c o r d , old r e c o r d 39.8 set bv T e x a s A&M, 
197o a n d SMU, 1973. 2, Houston. 
4o.o7. 3, T e x a s A&M, 4o 18 4, 
Rice, 4o 29. 5, 
B aylo r, 4o.63. 6, 
TCU, 4o.9o. 
Mile run — I, Niall O 'S haugh n e s s y , A r k a n s a s , 3:59.47, new 
SWC record, old record of 4:o2.8 bv O 'Shaughnessv, 1976. 2, Paul 
C ra ig , T e x a s , 4:oo.11. 3, M ike 
Clark, A rk an sas, 4 o2.48 4, Ken 
T o lb e rt, R ic e, 4:o4.69. 5, D on 
W aters, T exas, 4:o5.81. 6, M ark 
Mason, Texas, 4:o8.15. 
12o hurdles — I, Doc King, Rice 
13.86. 2, S h ifto n B a k e r , T e x a s 
A&M, 13.92 
3, D a v y D u n c a n , 
Bavlor, 14.15. Alec Studstill, Tex as, 14.17. 5, M ark Scott, A rkan sas, 
14.31. 6, Kent F iggs,T exes A&M, 
14.33. 
44o — I, Elrick Brown, Houston, 
46.89. 2, G e a r y H a r r is , B ay lo r, 
47 IO. 3, S a m m y W a u g h , R ice, 
47.47. 4, William P ierso n , T exas 
Tech, 47.65. 5, Ed Newsom e, Tex­ a s Tech, 47.76. 6, H e rb Kinnev, 
Rice, 48.o5. 
IOO — I, Jo hn n y Jones, Texas, 
9.45. 2, C u r t i s D i c k e y , T e x a s 
A&M. 9.45. 3, C a r l to n D e r n t t , 
Rice, 9.49. 4, Kevin Nance, Hous­ to n , 9.55, 5 C ecil O v e r s t r e e t , 
H ou sto n, 9.65. 6, Phil D e la n e y , 
TCU, 9 83 
88o — I, M ark Collins, Bavlor, 
1:5o.82. 2, Tony W heeler, T e x as 
A&M, 1:51.12. 3, Charles Taliafer­ ro, Texas, 1:51 67 4, B ru ce G in­ g r i c h , R ic e , 1:52.o8 5, D a v id 
B e v e r , R ic e, 1:52.2o. 6, M a r k 
Klonower, Texas, 1:53.o3. 
44o hurdles — I, Shifton Baker, 
Texas A&M, 51.o8. 2, Curtis Isiaih, 
Rice, 51.13. 3, J e s s e J a m e s , Rice, 
51.34. 4, D a v id N elso n , T e x a s , 
51.55. 5, A lec S tu d s till, T e x a s , 
51.88 6, Doc King, Rice. 52.17. 
22o — I, Johnny Jones, Texas, 
2o.29. 2, C a rlto n D e r r e tt, Rice, 
2o.75. 3, Kevin N ance, H ouston, 
2o.78. 4, Cecil O v e r s tr e e t, H o u s­ ton, 2o 89, 5, O v e r to n S p e n c e , 
Texas, 21.13. 6, Cole Doty, SMU, 
21.23. 
P o le v a u l t — I, B r a d B la ir , 
Texas A&M, 16-9, SWC record , old record 16-8, Dickie Phillips, Rice, 
197o. 2, P at Ruehle, T exas A&M, 
15-6. 3, M arc Herns, Texas, 15-6. 4, 
D a n n y Hill, A r k a n s a s , 15-o. 5, 
Blake B urleson, Baylor, 15-o. 6, 
J e r r y Strong, T ex as A&M, 15-o. 
Three-mile — I, M arty Froelick, 
Rice, 13:41.43, SWC re c o rd , old reco rd , 13:44.9 by Randy M elan­ i n , A r k a n s a s , 1976. 2, M ik e 
N ovella Rice, 13:55.3o. 3, P a u l 
C raig, T e x as, 13:57.88. 4, J e s s e 
M ald o n a d o , T e x a s , 13:59.49. 5, 
Bill A d am s, B aylor, 14:o4.38. 6, 
Neil Hendry, Texas, 14:o5.67. 
Mile relay — I, Texas, 3:o8.24, 
A lec S tu d s til l, D a v id N e ls o n , 
R a y m o n d C l a y b o r n , J o h n n y 
Jones. 2, Rice, 3:o8.56. 3, T exas 
T e c h , 3 :1o.41. 4, T e x a s A&M, 
3:11.51. 5, A rk a n s a s , 3:12.75. 6, 
Houston, 3:13.4o. 
Shotput — I, R an d y C offm an, 
H o u sto n , 59 2. 2, F r a n k W est, 
Texas A&M, 55-5'/x. 3, Keith G ray, 
A r k a n s a s , 55-4. 4, M ark B a u g h ­ m a n, H ouston, 54-lVj. 5, R an d y 
Scott, T e x a s A&M, 53-9. 6, Tim 
Scott, T exas A&M, 53-8. 
High jum p — I, T e r ry D a v e n ­ p o rt, T e x a s , 7-1. 2, Bob K eith, 
T e x a s , 7-1. 3, Bit! W i m b e r l y , 
Baylor, 7-1. Tie for 4, Lynn Byrd, 
Texas A&M, an d Kevin DeLorey, 
Bavlor, 6-9 Tie for 6, Rod Harvey. 
Texas, a n d Scott Robertson, SMU, 
6-9. 
T e a m to t a l s — T e x a s 127Vz, 
Texas A&M 1o3, Rice 92, Houston 
68, Baylor 4o, A rk an sas 32, Texas 
Tech 24, SMU 7Vi, TCU, 2. 
Carroll Wins 
Loop Crown 

COEPUS CHRISTI - 
The Carroll Tigers de­ feated the Moody Tro­ jans, 4-1, Saturday night to win the 
D istrict 
27-AAAA baseball cham­ pionship. 
Carroll had clubbed 
Kingsville, 14-1, Friday night to advance against 
Moody, which had in an ineligible player ruling prevent it from winning both rounds. 
Carroll and Pharr-San 
Juan-Alam o officials were m eeting late 
Saturday night to set their bidistrict series. 
That winner plays the 
Victoria Stroman-Austin 
Anderson winner, that series opening Tuesday night in Victoria. 

 strategy then was to walk Art Fischetti intentionally. 

However, with the count 2-o, Turner uncorked a high, outside wild pitch to score Ollar with the tying run. 
He then completed the pass to Fis­ chetti, but Webb hit a hard shot right to third basem an Kurt Seibert. The ball caromed off for an infield single that decided the outcome. 
Pepper hit a three-run homer to give 
T urner and Midland the lead in the th ird . The 385-foot d riv e over the right-field wall scored Joe Hernandez, who doubled, and Seibert, who singled 
The Cubs added another tally in the same inning on a single by Steve Davis 

✓ PICTURE, Page I IS 

 and a double by Karl Pagel, his 16th 
RBI in seven gam es a g a in st the 
Dodgers this year. 
Webb singled in Fischetti with an unearned run in the first after F is­ chetti had bunted his way on, then San 
Antonio got a second run in the fourth on a double by Rushde and another single by a pinch hitter, Cleo Smith doing the honors this time. 
A big factor was the Dodgers’ relief pitching, as Doug Slocum and Dan 
Smith retired the last 13 Midland bat­ ters in order 

 a b r h bi a b r ti bi 
Bochte cf 
4 o 2 o G arr lf 
2 2 2 o 
Dufiv ss 
4 o 1 o 
Hairstn lf 
3 o 2 3 
Blanks 
2b 
4 o 2 o Banistr ss 
2 1 o o 
Corty dh 
2 o 1 o 
N rdbrk ss 
2 o o I 
Thntn dh 
2 o o o Orta 
2b 
3 7 1 1 
Grubb lf 
1 o o o 7tsk rf i l i a 
JN orris rf 
3 o o o N rdhgn rf 
3 o 1 1 
Dade it 
4 o 1 o 
Spncer lb 
3 2 3 8 
BBeil 
3b 
3 o o o 
LJhnsn lb 
2 1 1 o 
Melton ib 
3 1 1 o 
G am ble dh 
2 o o o 
Kendall c 
3 1 1 2 
Stilmn dh 
2 1 o o 
Lemon cf 
4 2 1 o 
B rh m e r 
3b 
5 3 4 2 
Owning c 
3 3 1 1 
Total 
33 2 9 2 Total 
.. 
37 18 17 17 

Cleveland 
.. 
o o o o 2 o o o o - 2 
Chicago 
o 7 o 4 o 1 .2 4 x— IS 
E —K B re tt 
D P—Chicago 
3- 
LOB—Cleve land 
4, 
Chicago 
6. 
2 B — Lemon, 
Br c h o m er, 
Hairston. 
3B—Zisk, 
N ordhoaen 
HR — 
Spencer 
2 
(S), 
Kendall 
(3) 
S F —O rta, 
Nordbrook 
IP 
H R 
ER BB SO 
Bibby 
(L»2-1) 
11-3 6 
5 
5 
o 
o 
Mange 
12 3 
1 
2 
J 
3 
I 
Dobson 
2 
3 
4 
4 
7 
3 
Buskey 
2 
4 
3 
3 
7 
I 
Waits 
I 
3 
4 
4 
3 
I 
KBrett 
(W»$-2) 
8 
o 
2 
2 
o 
5 
Wood 
I 
o 
o 
o 
o 
I 
W P —Monge 
T—2 3 7 
A— 13,923. 

ST LOUIS 
ATLANTA a b r h bl a b r h bi 
'Brock lf 
5 1 2 1 Rvsler 
SS 
5 2 2 o 
Tmpltn 
IS 
5 1 3 1 Office et s o i l 
Mc Bde cf 
S o o 1 Moore 
,1b 
5 1 2 1 
S m m ns c 
4 o 1 o B li g h t rf 
4 o o o 
KH m d z ib 
4 2 2 1 Mtthws lf 
4 o 1 o 
M umry rf 
4 1 2 1 Correl! 
C 
3 1 2 2 
Relit 
3b 
4 1 2 2 P cro b a 
C 
1 o o o 
Tyson 
2b 
3 1 2 o Pcorek ib 
4 1 7 o 
Falcone 
P 
1 o o o Gilbrth 
2b 
3 1 1 o 
CCorrll 
D 
1 o o o Copra 
P 
2 o o o 
Ur req 
P 
o o o o Collins 
P 
o o o o 
Charley oh 
o o o o 
Comp p 
o o o o 
Aslsme 
Oh 
1 o o o 
TOMI 
36 7 14.7 Total 
37 6 ll 4 

St Louis 
................... 
1 o 2 o 7 o O ' I— I 
Atlanta 
. . . 
. 
1 1 2 o o o o o 2— 6 
I —Simmons, 
M umphry, 
Brock 
LO B­ 
St. Louis 
9, 
Atlanta 
7 
3 8 —K H rnandz, 
Reitz, 
Brock, 
M atthews 
3B—Brock. 
HR — 
Correl! 
(2), 
Tmpleton 
(2), 
M u m p hry 
(I), 
Reitz 
(3), 
KHrnandz 
(6). 
SB — R oy ster 
2, 
Tmpleton 
S— Falcone, 
Chaney, 
U rre a 
IP 
.. H 
R 
ER BB SO 
Falcone 
2 I 3 
6 
4 
J 
I 
I 
CCarroll 
(W.2-o) 
2 1-3 
o 
o 
o 
o 
2 
U r r ta 
4 
5 
3 
2 
I 
o 
Capro 
IL,o4) 
5 
9 
5 
5 
4 
7 
Collins 
I 
I 
o 
o 
I 
o 
Comp 
2 
J 
2 
2 
o 
3 
S av e—U rre a 
(4) 
T—2 31. 
A-1o,479 

MIDLAND (4) 
SAN ANTONIO (S) ab r h bi ab r h bi 
D rum ght 2b 
4 
o 
I 
o 
Wshngtn ss 
5 
I 
I 
o 
Hrndcz cf 3 3 
I 
I 
o 
Fschtti lf 
4 
I 
2 
o 
Seibert 3b 
4 
I 
I 
o 
Webb 3b 
4 
I 
2 
2 
Gstvsn c 
4 
o 
o 
o 
Cardoza Ib 
4 
o 
o 
o 
P ep per lb 
3 
I 
2 
3 
Rushde rf 
4 
I 
7 
o 
Davis ss 
4 
I 
I 
o 
Leonard ct 
3 
o 
I 
I 
Pagel rf 
3 
o 
I 
I f arr c 
3 
o 
o 
o 
Randall lf 
4 
o 
o 
o 
M eyers 2b 
4 
o 
I 
o 
T urner d 
4 
o 
o 
o 
Martin p 
I 
o 
o 
o 
C.Smith ph 
I 
o 
I 
I 
Slocum p 
o 
o 
o 
o 
G arrso n ph 
I 
o 
o 
o 
D Smith p 
o 
o 
o 
I 
Ollar ph 
I 
I 
I 
o 
Totals 
33 
4 
7 
4 
Totals 
35 s ll 
4 

Midland 
oo4 
OOO 
OOO 
4 
San Antonio 
IOO 
IOO 
o12 
— 
5 

E -Turner 2. D P — Sa. I 
LOB—M idland 5. S A 9 
2B—H ernandez, Pagel, Fischetti, Ruslde, W ashing ton 
3B 
Rushde. H R—P ep p er 
(2) 
S B - S c ib e r t, 
Leonard. 

Turner (L 3-1) 
Martin 
Slocum 
D.Smith (W 1-o) 

IP 
H 
R ER BB SO 
8V3 
1 1 5 3 
4 4 
4 
6 4 4 
3 5 
3 
I o o 
o I 
2 
o o o 
o 1 

W P —Turner. P B —G ustavson 2, F a r r . T —2 *5 
A-2,o13. 

TRINITY UNIVERSITY SOCCER CAMPS 
For b o y s and girls 7 -1 8 
Session I 
Session ll 
June IO , 2-7 p.m. 
June 24, 2-7 p.m. 
June 1 1 , 9 a.m .-4 p.m. 
June 25, 9 a.rn.-4 p.m. 
June 12, IO a.rn.-3 p.m. 
June 26, IO a.m .-3 p.m. 

Trinity U n iversity Sam s Center 

Coaches 
Jim Forrest, former S.A. Thunder Cooth; tapped 6 times for Stotland’s national team; played 7 years for the Glasgow Rangers, S years for Aberdeen; holds Glasgow season storing retord of 57 goals. 
George Prite, Trinity University varsity head tooth sinte 1966. 

Colin Prite, Trinity University assistant tooth. 

Phase I intludes ball skills, boll tontrol, running with the ball, and exercises related to game situations. Phase ll intludes possession softer, defensive set-up, attatking moves, 2-touth sorter, I -touch sorter and a full game. Phase III intludes shooting, trapping, heading, goal keeping, 1-1 situations, 2-2 situations, 5 on a side tourna­ ment and a full game. 

$25 for the 3-day session (intludes lunth & snark Saturday and Sunday). 

N A M E 
____ 
- .................................... 
ADDRESS 
TELEPHONE 
AGE & SEX 
WHICH SESSION TO YOU WISH SESSION I 
SESSION ll 

Please send registration along with check for $25 to: 
Trinity University Sorter Cam ps 
G eorge Price Box 41 3 
715 Stadium Drive 
San Antonio, Texas 78284 

I O M O N T H 
L A Y A W A Y 

6624 SAN PEDRO 

(NEXT TO PIZZA HUT) 
8 2 4 -7 2 9 6 1 

 r 
“ * - r j f— 

—■ . J 
. . 

MARBACH PLAZA 
(Military Dr. W. at Marbach Rd.) 
6 7 4 -7 5 2 3 
TERMS 

* 

P°9e 
H 
San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday May 15 1977 
Andersen wins state mile 

('ontinurd from Page IS stretch. “ I wasn't really concerned.” 
And, what could make a person so confident in a situation where he is pressed so strongly by an opponent? 
Here is the answer. 

“ I’ve run everyday since school started except for two,” said Ander­ sen. “ One of those days the weather was too bad and the other my knee was hurt.” 
Dedication 

W hat a trem en d o u s am ount of dedication. Wait, there is more. 
“ Once my parents went on vacation for three weeks in W isconsin, but I stayed home and ran.” 

( ’lay displayed a more somber emo­ tion. Not deep despair, but a feeling that seemed to indicate he had done all that was within his bounds and fell short. 
“ It just kind of felt slow,” said the 
M arshall hurdler of the high hurdle race. “ Let's see what happens in the interm ediates.” 
After crossing the line third again in the 33o hurdles, Clay responded, “ I guess that city interm ediate hurdle re c o rd will have to stan d an o th er year.” 
Houston's Burney Allen was also in the high hurdles and he netted sixth 

 with his best showing of the year at 
14 2. 
A llen’s four team m ates, Leonard 
Bacon, Joe M orrison, Jam es Talley and Eddie Jackson, who ran in the 44o relay, equalled their best time of the year at 42.o for a sixth-place finish. 

Illegal start 

Highlands’ Ronnie Drisdale, who in­ dicated that there was an illegal start in his race, failed to place in the swift 
IOO. 
Churchill's three entrants Rick Nee­ ly, Graylan Eytcheson and Randy To- masini all miss**! the top six places in their respective events, the 44o, shot put and pole vault. 
A state record was set in the pole vault by Port Lavaca’s Randy Hall, who soared over the bar at 16-8. Hall, who cleared a pending state m ark of 
16-1o last week, m ade three fruitless attem pts at 17-o. 
The existing national record in that event, 17-4%, was set by Casey Corri­ gan of Orting, Washington in 1969. 
Richardson P earce’s Spencer Sun- strum wiped out a state m eet high jump record set Friday night by Don 
Cuba of Gilmer, with a leap of 7-o Vi­ ta the A division, Karnack won the team trophy with 5o points, 2o tallies better than second-place Big Sandy. 
Star half miler Darryl Shoemake and miler Andy Gonzales combined to give 

Jourdanton points, which was good enough to tie Timpson and Wellington for ninth place. 
Shoemake scored a first with a 1:56.o clocking, while Gonzales drew third with a 4:32.3. 
“ I was going for the record,” said 
Shoemake. “ I m issed it by a whole second, but it was my best time of the season, so I can’t complain.” 
Brackettville’s John Jones finished sixth in the Division A 33o hurdles at 
39.8. 
The high-point individual in the A 

 division was Snook’s Leslie Kerr, who had 2o points. 
Ben Bolt had a strong performance in the B division team title race, fin­ ishing with 3o points, just a half point behind second-place Groom. Meridian, whose girls team won here last week, captured the title with 48 tallies. 
Jim Verden of Wheeler and Barton 
Bean of M iam i tied for high-point honors at 2o. 
Juan Bernal did it all for Ben Bolt. 
He got third in the 88o at 1:59.3, fifth in the 22o at 23.2 and anchored a winning mile relay, which crossed the line at 
3:23.3. 
Also running on that Ben Bolt unit were Rolando Ramirez, Robert Garcia and Manuel Am ador, who grabbed fifth in the 44o at 5o.3. 

Leakey’s Lance Blazek took second in the 22o with a 22.8 time. 

Pirates, 6-2 

HOUSTON (AP) - Reliever Rich 
Gossage hurled 31-3 innings of score­ less ball as the Pittsburgh Pirates defeated the Houston Astros 6-2 Satur­ day niuht. 

PIT T SB U R G H 
HOUSTON ab r h bi 
....... ab r h bi 
Moreno ct 
3 2 2 1 JGnzlz ss 
5 o 2 o 
Tveros ss 
4 o 3 1 Cabell 
3b 
5 o 1 o 
Porker rf 
4 1 o o Cedeno cf 
5 o 2 o 
Oliver lf 
4 o 2 1 CJhnsn lf 
S i l l 
Krkptk lb 
3 o o o JCruz rf 
3 1 1 1 
Stnntt 
2b 
3 1 o o Watson 
1b 
3 o o o 
Garner 
3b 
4 o o o Hrmnn c 
3 o o o 
Dyer c 
12 1o 
Howard 
2b 
1 o 1 o 
Oemery 
P 
2 o o o Howe 
2b 
2 o o o 
Tkulve 
P 
o o o o Frgson 
C 
1 o 1o 
F rster p 
o o o o Andiar p 
1 o o o 
Gssage p 
1o o o Crwfrd ph 
1 o o o 
Smbito p 
o o o o 
Boswell ph 
1 o o o 
Larson p 
o o o o 
Toto! 
29 6 8 3 Toto I 
...... 
36.2.9.2 

Pittsburgh 
. 
2 1 o o o o 2 o 1— 
6 
Houston 
.... 
OOO o o 2.o o o— .2 
E — Anduiar, 
Taveros, 
Kirkpatrick, jCruz. 
D P — Pittsburgh 
I, 
Houston 
I. 
LO B— Pittsburgh 
6, 
Houston ll. 
2B— 
Moreno, 
JGonzalez, 
Cabell. 
H R — CJohn son 
(6), 
JCruz 
(I) 
SB — Stennett, 
Dyer, 
Cedeno. 
Toveras, 
Moreno 
S— Toveras, 
Gossage. 
IP 
H R 
E R BB SO 
Demery 
(W.3-1) 
5 
6 
2 
2 
2 
1 
Tekulve 
1-3 
o 
o 
o 
1 
o 
Forster 
13 
o 
o 
o 
o 
o 
Gossage 
3 1-3 
3 o 
o 
o 
7 
Andujar 
(L.2-3) 
6 
4 
3 
2 
5 
2 
Sambito 
2 
2 
2 
1 2 
2 
Larson 
I 
2 
1 
1 
1 
o 
S o y e— Gossage 
(7). 
W P— Gossage. 
H B P — By 
Tekulve 
(Watson). 
T— 3:oo 
A— 
25.152. 

 i i A career woman deserves a good retirement. 
Professional insurance planning can guarantee it. 

Let’s talk guarantees. Professionally.^ 
Longhorns 

W illit-n ift! H o w l a n d 
Suite 151o, Front Hank low er 
Phone 225-62HI n 
S o u t h w e s t e r n Lite 

 ottelpueUf people - pe iio+t to peMoet 

Continued from Page IS 

A&M’s Curtis Dickey IO yards from the tape to win the event. 
Another Jay alumnus, Ron McGoni- gle, ran a leg on A&M’s fourth place mile relay team. Locals finishing out of the money were: Chuck W ehring 
(Churchill) of Houston who went out at 
6-5 in the high jum p; Lane Mitchell 
(Alamo Heights) of A&M who finished 
1oth in the three-mile run, and David 
O arkert (Lee) who scratched in the shot put. 
In a pair of exciting races, Mark 
C ollins of B aylor overtook Tony 
Wheeler of A&M in the homestretch to win the 88o in 1:5o.82, and Shifton 
Uaker of A&M, upset by Doc King of 
M A K E 
YOUR 
M O VE 
TO 
MICHELIN, 
AND 
GET 
YOUR 
M O N EY’S 
WORTH. 

* 
SAVE 
3o% 

^MICHELIN BLEMS— SAVE 3o PER CENT* OFF EX­ 
CHANGE 
PRICE. LIMITED 
QUANTITY. PRICES 
GOOD ONLY ON CURRENT INVENTORY! 

P lu s 

SPECIAL PRICES ON FOREIGN MADE CARS, 

SIZE 
REG. 
SALE 
F U . 

175x14 
XWW 
*66.37 *46.45 *2.13 

FR78xl4 
XWW 
84.13 
58.85 
2.8o 

HR78X14 
XWW 
95.32 
66.72 
3.o7 

2o5x15 
XWW 
86.4o 
6o.45 
2.84 

23ox15 
XWW 
1o9.o4 
76.35 
3.33 

‘BIB’ 
THE 
MICHELIN 
MAN 
MICHELIN FIR ST! 
We don't sen a second be*t 

Rice in the 12o high hurdles, beat 
Rice’s Curtis Issiah at the wire to win the 44o-yard interm ediate hurdles in 
51.o8. 
Three high jum pers, Terry Daven­ port and Bob Keith of Texas, and Bill 
Wimberly of Baylor, finishing in tUat order, cam e a half-inch short of the record with 7-1 efforts. 
“ I wasn’t worried about my start in the 22o,” Jones said, “ because I had more tim e to make up for a had start in the IOO. I felt extra tired but I had to get the job done — especially in the mile relay.” 
T here’s one thing for sure, there isn’t anyone safe with Lam Jones ar­ ound — he passes folks like they were standing still. 
Gardner wins 

SPECIAL TO THE EXPRESS N EW S 

AUSTIN — Junction’s Gary Gardner won the Class 
A state singles tennis cham pionship and the 
Rocksprings duo of Amaro Villarreal and Philip 
Palacio captured the Class B state doubles crown 
Saturday. 

Gardner stopped Lee Templeton of Wellington with a comeback victory after losing the first set, while the Rocksprings team won straight sets, losing only two games in the process. Their opponents were teammates Gary Hatley and Blitt Edwards. 

Here are all of Saturday’s state championship net matches: 

SIN G L E S 
Class A A A A : Reed Freeman, Dallas Highlands Park, def D avis 
Zimmerman, Abilene Cooper, 6-3, 6-2 
Class AAA: 
Bart Bernstein, Wharton, def. Joe Lagner, West 
Columbia, 6-3, 6-1. 
Class AA: 
Robert Cocanougher, Decatur, def. Ronnie Schneider, 
Ozona, 6-4, 1-6, 6 1 
Class A: 
G ary Garnder, Junction, def. Lee Temoleton, Welling­ ton, 4-6. 6-o, 6-2 
Class B: 
Martin Lechuga, Tornillo, del, Jeff Moffett, Colmesneil, 
7-5, 7-5. 

D O U B L E S 
Class AAAA: 
Martin Saldana Victor Longoria, CC Miller, def. 
John Low-Ban Cooper, Highland Park, 7-5, 1-6. 6-3 
Class AAA: 
David W ebb-Rustv Conway, Seminole, def. Sfeve 
Allen-Jim Aleman, Rockport-Fulton, 6-3, 6-4. 
Class AA: 
Ivan Solis,-D avid Fieuriet, La Feria, clef 
C raig 
Carter-Chop Love, Colorado Cifv, 6-2, 6-4. 
Class A: 
Scoff Siegmund-John Taylor, Aledo, def. Jov Hope-De- rek Baker, Marfa, 6-1, 4-6, 6-4 
Class B: Am aro Villarreal-Philip Palacio, Rocksprings, def. G ary 
Hatlev-Blitt Edwards, Rocksprings, 6-1. 6-1. 

HOMANN-WILLIAMS TIRE CO. 

/ I O AUSTIN H W Y AT EISENHAUER 
824-2413 

Joe Carmack • Jim Wright 
ATHLETIC 
CLUB 

EXECUTIVES & PROFESSIONALS 

The M en’s Athletic Club 

Where Your Fitness 

Future Begins! 

IT’S JUST GOOD BUSINESS 

As an employer there is no finer op­ 

 portunity to show your appreciation for a 

 job well done, than to sponsor your key staff with a corporate membership. A major 

 fringe benefit to help improve and protect their health. 

5 persons — 1 o % discount 
IO persons — 1 5 % discount 

VISIT OR CALL US TODAY 

2 Year I Year or 6 Month membership available 

MEMBERSHIP 29.5o down 29.5o per month 
FREE 
2-WEEK ADULT 
MEMBERSHIPS 

F E A T U R IN G N A U T IL U S E Q U IP . 

FACILITIES: 
• Indoor Track 
• Bicycles 
• Steam Room 
• W hirlpool 
• Finish Sauna 
• TV Area 
4731 RITTIMAN RD. at IH 35 
656-1241 
6 5 6 -1 2 4 2 

Strikes 'n Spares 

B y H a r r y P a g e 

Kathy Kirst honored again 

Kathy Kirst received the 2o-Year Club’s 1977 ‘‘Miss Junior 
Bowler of T exas” award at the Texas Women’s Bowling 
Association’s annual banquet Friday in Amarillo. 
The 17-year-old Marshall senior was awarded the Alberta E. 
Crowe ‘‘Star of Tomorrow” award at the Women’s International 
Bowling Congress convention in Milwaukee, Wis., three weeks ago. 
‘‘It’s fantastic,” said the usually quiet Miss Kirst. ‘‘I really appreciate the award and I’m grateful to the people involved for considering me. All the traveling, meeting new people, and get­ ting the big awards have been memorable experiences for me — ones I’ll never forget.” 

K irst’s feats are many in bowling. 
Among her countless num bers of ac­ com plishm ents are two national re­ cords in the American Junior Bowling 
Congress — the highest series ever rolled by a girl regardless of age in the 
A JBC program (278-762) and the high­ est series for a junior girl (13 to 15 years old) of 729, both recorded during the 1975-76 season. A cadem ically, 
Kathy m ain ta in s a 9o-average in school. 
“ It’ll take a few more years for me to even think about becom ing a pro,” 
Kathy said watching the Spectacular last week. “ I’m planning on going to college and further my bowling en­ deavors there. A fter three or four years, I might think about becoming a pro (smile). It takes a lot to become a pro and I’ve got a lot more to learn about the gam e.” 
K athy’s selection m arks the sixth time that a San Antonio girl has earned the “ Miss Junior" Bowler” honor, which is for graduating seniors. Pre­ vious w inners w ere Rosalyn Raab, 
Donna Collins, Beth M assey, Janie 
Eberhart and Julie Roba last year. 
K irst has won m ore than IOO trophies, 17 medals and nearly every patch offered to a junior bowler. 
Meanwhile, there’s a strong rumor the Professional B ow lers’ A ssocia­ tion’s leading rnoney-winner Mark 
Roth is signing a contract this week with Columbia 3oo Industries. It’s a pretty good rumor. 
“ We’ve offered Mark a contract and we think we’ve got him signed,” said 
Pepper 
Martin of 
Columbia 
3oo. 
“ We’re 99 per cent sure he’ll sign, but, right now, we haven’t got the contract back yet.” 
Roth, if he sig n s, will join pro bowlers Paul Colwell, Don Johnson, and 
Betty Morris on C olum bia's 
Advisory Statt. 
M o v i n g r ig h t a lo n g 

While on the subject of Columbia 
Industries, do you know' how many balls the city’s big keg industry pro­ duces a day? How about 4,5oo. Yes 
Virginia, 4.5oo bowling balls! 
“ We produce around 4,5oo balls per d ay ,” M artin said from the West 
Avenue plant. “ W ell, w e're the num ber one distributor of bowling balls in the world. We have to keep producing. 
“ All the pros come by and visit us at least once a year. Even Earl Anthony has rolled a Columbia before he signed with Ebonite. In fact, when Anthony won the Firestone, he was rolling a 
Columbia.” 
It’s really a site to see the multi-au­ tom atic m achinery, and the busy 
3oo-plus employes churn out ball after ball in almost a m atter of minutes. 
No one could be more disappointed than 
Mark Ross at the ending of 
Spectacular ‘77. Ross, idle in Wonder 
Bowl’s pro shop this week, was a beehive of activity during the big tournament — drilling balls for the likes of Donna Adamek, George Pap­ pas, Morris, Mary Parker, and Steve 
Neff plus countless num bers of colle­ gians. 
Wonder Bowl proprietor 
Joe Car­ mack is one person who is glad the event is over. 
“ It was great to have the tourna­ ment, but, I’m glad it’s over,” Car­ mack said. “ Maybe things can get back to normal around here now. 
“ We really didn’t make that much money. With the Spectacular here, we lost the lineage from our league and open bowling, plus the Spectacular participants or spectators didn’t fre­ quent our bar or snack bar as our re­ gular bowlers do. 
“ I feel very honored to have had the tournam ent, but, again, I’m glad its history,” Carmack added. “ I can get some rest now.” 
“ Love that Texas oil,” said Colwell, who, w ith Patty Costello, won the 
Spectacular. “ I haven’t seen this much 

KATHY KIRST 
. . . Miss Junior Bowler oil on the lanes since 1963. I’m not complaining, I loved it.” 
“ The people in San Antonio are fan­ tastic,” Patty said. “ Believe me, the people here really love their bowling.” 
Around the lanes 
Tommy Hudson, who finished second in the pro event at the Spectacular with 
Pam Rutherford, feels the tournament shouldn’t be in financial trouble. 
“ The National Bowling Council has got the m oney,” 
Hudson said. 
“ They’re just so tight with it. The 
American Bowling Congress ought to get off of some of the money it’s holding back. The Spectacular’s future may be in trouble but it shouldn’t be. 
The folks have got the money for sure. 
“As a m atter of fact, we should ha\£ more tournaments featuring the men and women pros together-—not just one. The public really doesn’t know how- good the women professionals really are—they’re good and need more exposure.” 
The packed houses at the Spectacu­ lar prom pted local bow ler 
Jim 
Corrales to ask, “ Why can’t we get an 
ABC tournament here? The big folks can see that this city is ready for bowling. We should try and get an ABC national m eet.” 
“ San Antonio alm ost had the ABC tournament a few years ago, but the 
Convention Center came up about a foot or two sh o rt of 
ABC specifications,” Martin said. “ For its tournament, ABC builds its own lanes 
— around 48 — and it needs som e sort of civic center to stage the meet. The biggest we have is the Con­ vention Center and it came up short. 
Joe Freeman Coliseum? They thought about that but the rodeo in February killed that idea.” 
Pokey Buchholtz rolled a 256 game at Goliad ... Mike Roberts had a 265, 
Pat Buchanan had a 184 all-spare game, and Pat Buchanan rolled 114 pins over her 1o2 average with a 42o series at Astro ... Kirst had a 258 game and a 677 series, John Williamson returned from the injury list with a 636 series, and Luis Benavides had a 248 gam e at T hunder ... Cissy Hicks rolled 1o7 pins over her average with a 
244 game at San Pedro ... Pearl Pence had her first 6oo (245-612) series, Len 
Jolliffe and Larry Thayn both had 255 games, and AJBC bowler Jack Uarric had a 256 at Oak Hills ... Lupe Men­ doza rolled a 139 triplicate at Bowler- ama. 
In the latest standings in the wo­ m en’s state tou rn am en t, Darlene 
Schneider and Pat Sheehy remain in first place in Class C doubles, Sheehy is second in Class B all events, and 
Jeane Atkinson is now third in Class 
A singles and second in Class A all events. 
You can see plenty of action under one roof this Sunday as both the Alamo 
T ournam ent A ssociation and AVT 
189-and-under tournament finals start at noon at Sports Palace. 
Last week’s results 

H E R M A N N SONS 
Bruce Daudelin 646; Steve Raab 61o; Bob Collins 
6o1; Otto Strev 592; Don King 582; Jeannie Bolado 
569; M ary Boldt 538; Mildred Stolle 516; Inez 
Guthrie 5o5; Lucille Raab 5o5. 
A LL STA R L A N E S 
Val Meek 678; Leo Castano 6o4; Alex Alem an 
6o9; Junior — Robert Keyser 67o; 
Ladies — 
Carolyn Lutz 625; M ary H errera 555; Triple — 
Jean Theis, 168 triplicate. 
T H U N D E R BOW L 
Em m a Cicio 622, Cicio bowled IOO pins over her average for her first 6oo series; Don Steubing 6o5. 
Thunder Blunders: First place won bv Tri Chem 
Paints (Richard and M ary Gerguson, Larsn and 
Marie Ferguson and David Crisp) Sum m er league will start M ay 3o, Monday at 6:15 p m 
Juniors: Kathy Kirst 623; Luis Benevides 645; 
Johnny Williamson 624. In make-up gam es, Kathy 
Kirst shot a 258-197-222 for 6; Luis Benevides shot 
21977 -224-214 for 657; Jo h n n y W illia m so n 
22o-2o7-2o9 for 636. 
SO U T H SID E L A N E S 
Linda Fox 581; Susie Ortiz 578; June Lewis 571; 
Carroll Croce 57o; Annette Bovte 566; 
D ave 
Kohlmever 666, Speed Strause 636 with high game of 279, M arcos Rodriguez 619; Otis H arvey 616; 
Bob Villarreal 616. 
Val Garza, Sr. bowled a 179 triplicate; Otis 
Harvey had a 187 triplicate Su m m e r‘leagues are organizing Anyone interested contact John Miller at 927-37o1 or Charlotte Cam m ack at 922o6961. 
ASTRO BOWL 
Josephine Dickm an 588; M arilyn Schaeffer 576; 
Hettye Schreefer 551; Dianne Smith 548; M ickle 
Hancock 536; M ac M cCraw 65o; M ike Roberts 64o; 
Ray Brooks 611; Don Fajkus 6o7; Bill Stoner 6o6. 
SP O RT S PA L A C E 
Fig Tolle 61o, Agnes Wong 546; Lenora Rose 542; 

Fave Rhodes 537; Cindy Johnson 564; Donny 
Errico 662; Mike Roberts 662; L a rry Kassner 649; 
Gene Lefler 634; M ark Ross 631. 
A men’s Wednesday night league is being formed to bowl at 6 p rn 
For more information call 
349-4548 

G O LIA D 
Sandra Hull 581; Irene Daniels 561; Vicki Nelson 
561; Sea Johnson 556; Dottle C lark 556; P okey 
Buchholtz 669; 
Leonard U rbanski 6o9; Dick Canion 6o9; Tom 
O'Connor 6o1. 
Seventeen women had series over 53o. 
SAN P E D R O 
Cissy Hicks 576; Dee Capps 564; Jackie Pleasant 
546; M ary Arnold 533; Shirley Dom beck 53o; Don 
Steubing 663; Slim Urban 646; David Whitley 641; 
Tony Bernal 632; Dan Sowards 626. Seniors — Beryl 
M u llins 46o; Sarah C ivian 4o6; M a ry C ase 377; 
Wilbur Wood 534; Lee Roy Hoffman 514. 
OAK H ILLS 
Roz Porrini 651; Pearl Pence 612; C arol West brook 611; Jane Robison 591 and 577; Evelyn Hector 
587 (57 more women over 53o); Al Trevino 667 and 
629, C laude Pow ell 648; Len Jolliffe 645, Bob 
Schram 645 and 632; B ruce D audelin 645; Jeff 
• Hulme 645. 
B O W LER A M A 
Gwen Zuelzke 556; Bobby Vincent 636, Butch Mile 
6o2 Splits — Dorthy Beauvais, 6-7-1o. 
Ladies Sum m er League no form ing at on Tuesday m orning lf interested, call 344-4o41 or 344-581 1. 
M e n 's D ou bles now being form ed on T u e sd a y evening. Call 344-4o41 or 344-5811 for m ore inform a­ tion. Turner Club: 
Billy Gardner 626; Cisco Garcia 617; Gilbert Katt 
616; Roy Huitt 61o; M ike Tope 591. M a ry Pohl 557; 
Pudden Balzen 548 

Glynn waits, hopes 

By CLIFFO RD BROYLES 
O f THE EXPRESS NEWS STAFF 
Pro baseball remains high in the future plans of 
Glynn 
Tschirhart. 

But the question is how does pro baseball feel about Tschirhart now? 
A so-so senior season batting-wise has not dimmed the recent St. Mary’s g ra d u ate ’s d esire to pursue a career in pro baseball. 
“ I ’m definitely go­ ing to give baseball a try ,” Tschirhart told the Express-News Sa­ turday from his home in Castroville. 
“ R ig h t now 
I ’m working around here with my fa th e r,” he said. “ IMI wait until 
I ’m d rafted or co n ­ tacted by somebody as a free agent and then IMI be off at the drop of a hat.” 
Tschirhart was a seventh round draft choice by the Atlanta Braves after his ju n io r season last y ear but turned down their offer to complete his senior season. 
The Brave offer “ really wasn’t that a t t r a c t iv e ,” said T s c h ir h a r t, who picked up his d egree in econom ics iron! St. M ary’s last Sunday magna cum laude and finished up his career on the diam ond Tuesday when the 
Rattlers lost to Sam Houston in the district playoffs. 
The shortstop from Medina Valley 
High batted .326 as a ju n io r and 

Cagers sign 

SPECIAL TO THEB EXPRESS N E W S 

KINGSVILLE — Texas A&I women’s basketball coach Diane Pritchard has announced the signing of three pro­ spective basketball players. 

They include Jenny Rackley, for- ward-guard from Tyler Junior College and Gregory-Portland; Denise Ligon, forward from Hondo; and Sharon 
Baker, forward from G regory-Port­ land. 

Rackley and Baker will also play volleyball for A&I. Rackley is the sister of A&I basketball and volleyball lettermen Elaine Rackley. 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEW S— Sunday M ay 15 1977 
I ♦W 

Davis stars 

 m m rn 
* , m 
B R O Y LES 

GLYNN TSCHIRHART 
... eyes pros 

 cracked IO home runs and drove in 26 runs. His production decreased to .259, with three horrfers and 18 R B I’s this season. 
He finished strong, however, batting 
.348 during Big State Conference play. 
“ I think most of the scouts know I just had a bad start and realize that can happen to anybody,” said Tschir­ hart, who indicated he had not been contacted by any specific scouts as yet. 
“ It was not just one good year and that’s all he’s good for. 
“ I had a bad sta rt,” he continued. 
“ But I felt like I cam e on pretty good toward the end. That made me feel good because I’ve never finished as good before. 
“ I feel a little better because it end­ ed up the way it did.” 
T sch irh art, an honorable mention 
All-American pick last year, said he had second thoughts about not signing, but did not regret his move. 
“ You always have second thoughts on something like this,” he said. “ But 
I don’t regret it. I ’ve gotten my edu­ cation behind me now. 
“ Now I can worry about my career without having to worry about finish­ ing up my education. I can go all out in my career, whatever it is, baseball or not.” 
Tschirhart said he has already been offered a position with a San Antonio insurance company, which would allow him to work with them in the off-sea­ son if he does go into the pro ranks. He has not decided whether to accept the job yet. 
He said he never really found out the cause of early-season slump, which found him batting below .2oo before conference play began. 
“ I never really found out what it w a s ,” he said. “ I had a couple of games without a hit and then started trying som ething new. T hat didn’t work and pretty soon I didn’t have much confidence left either. 
“ I finally decided I didn’t have an­ ything to lose so I went up there loose. Trying to get more wrist into the b all. I ’ve been doing a lot b e tter since.” 
HOWTO 
BUY A LAWN 

I. Check for high vacuum design that forces grass into the catcher without the use of an auxiliary fan or an additional engine. 
And can pick up leaves, twigs and other baht litter in the fall. 

See if it has an optional 
Bag-N-Wagon that holds 
3o bushels and can be converted into a dump wagon for hauling. 

2. Make sure it has a patented cutter sus­ pension that auto­ matically raises itself to clear uneven lawn surfaces. 
3. Check to see if it has an instant height adjustment that operates at a touch, even while mowing. 

FUQUA 

5. Now, if it has everything we've mentioned so far, buy it. It's the new Snapper "High 
Vacuum'' Riding Mower. 

All Snapper mowers meet A.N.S.I. safety specifications. 

A T A N Y O F TH ESE L O C A L D E A L E R S: 
GOLIAD 
SAN ANTONIO 
GOLIAD SEED CO., INC 
6o4 East End 

GONZALES 

A-l-A MOWER 
28o5 Mission Rd. 

RIPS LAWNMOWER 
141o PIEDMONT 

ACE SERVICE CENTER 
18o2 Culebro 

SAM BROWN 
19o8 Quintana 
WESTERN AUTO 

613 St. Joseph 

BIANCO FIXIT SHOP 
JOHN SOROLA INC. 
NEW BRAUNFELS 
4546 Blanco Rd. 
215 Augusta 
KRAFTS HOME & 
M&S LAWN SUPPLIES 
TOM JONES TV & 
AUTO INC. 
89o2 Broadway 
APPLIANCE 
9oo West San Antonio 

OSBORNES SMALL 
9o7 Brooklyn Avenue 
SCHERTZ 
ENGINE 
BOERNE 
ALBERTS LAWN & 
1oo6 West Avenue 
PBS SERVICE CENTER 
BOERNE PLUMBING 
- 
GARDEN 

2616 S.W. Loop 41o 
141 Main Street 
1271 Oak Street 

CHARLIE MIGL 
. . . hits .35o 
Rattlers honored 

St. Mary’s baseball players Charlie Migl and Danny Heep have been named to the 
NAIA All-District 4 baseball team. 
D istrict champion Sam Houston State led the selections with three players on the elite squad and first baseman Tommy Wendt of the Bearkats, the hitting star of the district playoffs, was the lone unanimous selection. 
No players from Texas Lutheran were named to the squad although outfielder Kevin Ott of San An­ tonio Edison, who had IO home runs, was an honor­ able mention pick. 
Jim Mallon of Southwestern was named as coach of the year in the district. 
N A IA All-O ittrict 4 Team 
First Base : Tom m y Wendt, Sam Sam Houston, sr. Second Bose: 
(tie) Tim Brow n, Eo st Texas Baptist, fre sh m an ; G eoroe Ooinldis, 
St. Edw ard 's, ir. Third Base : Ch arlie M igl, St. M a ry 's, jr. Short­ stop: 
R a n d y R o d rigu e z , A b ile n e C h ris tia n , fr. O u tfie ld : 
Biti 
Cheatham , Sam Houston, sr.; D an n y Heeo, St. M a ry 's, soph.; Reid 
Huffman, Abilene Christian, sr.; K enny Wenzel, Southw estern, sr. 
Pitcher: Ron Nottebart. Sam Houston, ir.; J am e s Lim m e r, South­ western, fr.; M ik e M orrison, E ast T e xas Baptist, sr. 
Slate track results 

A U S T IN — H ere are the su m m arie s in Sa tu rd a y 's events at the state schoolboy track and field m eets: 
C L A S S A A A A 
44o Relay: I, G arland, 41.o. Phillips W alls, M c C u re v W alls, Freddy 
P age , Johnny M c C o y , 2, R o s e n b o rg L a m a r C o n so lid te d . 41.4 3, 
Houston Sterling, 41.4 4, Stafford Dulles, 41.5. 5, Abilene, 41.6. 6, Son 
Antonio Houston, 42.o. 
Shot: I, M ichael Carter, D alla s Jefferson, 64 9 ' * . 2, H osea Taylor, 
Longview. 64-1 ’ .. 3, H arold Ledet, Son A n gelo Central, 61 9. 4, D avid 
Taveirne, Austin Lanier, 59-734. 5, Les Brew er. Lubbock Coronado, 
59-53«, 6, M ichoel Singletary, Houston W orthing, 59 3J. 
High Jum p: I, Spencer Sunstrum , R ich ard so n P earce, 7-o'4, new state record, old record 7-o, D on ald Cuba, G ilm e r, 1977 2, R ick y 
Th om pson, H ou sto n Jones, 6-1o. 3, G r e g M c A lis te r , R ic h a rd so n 
Be rkn er, 6-8 4, D a v id Save, H ouston M e m o ria l, 6 8 5, L a n g sto n 
Pennick, Austin Johnson, 6-6. 6, Phil G eorge, P am p a, 6-4. 
88o: I, Jam e s M a ys, Hereford, 1:52.3. 2, J am e s Green, Houston 
Forest Brook, 1:52.5. 3, Phil Knoll, Austin Anderson, 1:53.6 4, L arry 
Johnson, D alla s Skyline, 1:55.1. 5, A rm a n d o Reyna, Edin b u rg, 1:55.5. 
6, Juan Gonzales, E l P aso Yslefa, 1:56.9. s 
12o Hurdles: I, Leonard Lewis, G alveston Boll, 13 7. 2, R aym on d 
Cockrell, Killeen, 14.o. 3, Randy Clay, San Antonio M arsh a ll, 14 o. 4, 
Kevin Woods, Fort W orth Wyatt, 14.o 5, Alton Scales, A m a rillo Palo 
Duro, 14.1. 6, Burne y Allen, San Antonio Houston, 14.2. 
IOO: I, Kenneth Jack son , Sh e rm an , 9.5 2, Anthony W ashington, 
Abilene, 9.5. 3, C h arle s Pettis, C o rp u s C h risti M iller, 9.5. 4, W ayne 
Johnson, Richardson, 9.5. 5, D esm ond M oh am m ed, Bavton Sterling, 
9.6. 6, Theodore D avis, Houston W illiam s, 9.7. 
44o: I, A rth u r W illiam s, D a lla s South O ak Cliff, 47.o. 2, Ve rnon 
Pittman, Bryan, 47.7. 3, R ick y Faggetf, Fort W orth E aste rn Hills, 47.8. 
4, W illard Charles, Houston Yates, 48.5. 5, Lyden M orriso n, E l P aso 
Irvin, 49.o. 6, Clifton D avis, C orpus Ch risti King. 49.5. 
22o: I, E fe re n c e M u rp h y , T e x a r k a n a , 21.2, tie s c la s s re co rd , 
Kenneth Curl, Houston Worthing, 1968 69, Joe Pouncy, D a lla s Lincoln, 
197o, W ardell Giilbreath, Am arillo, 1972, C u rtis D ickey, Bryan , 1976, 2, 
W ayne Johnson, Richardson, 21.4. 3, D e sm on d M oh am m e d n Baytow n 
Sterling, 21.7. 4, C h arles Pettis, C orpus Christi M iller, 21 7. 5, Theodore 
Davis, Houston W illiam s, 21.9. 6, A b rah a m Steadm an, Seguin, 22 2 
33o hurdles: I, l eonard Lewis, G alveston Ball, 37 o 2, Robert Klein, 
Killeen, 37.6. 3, R an d y C lay, San A ntonio M a rsh a ll, 38.1. 4. K evin 
Woods, Fort W orth W yatt, 38.6. 5, Alton Scales, A m a rillo P alo Duro, 
39.o 6, Gerold Allen, C o rpu s Christi M iller, 39.2. 
Pole vault: I, Randy Hall, Port L a v a c a Calhoun, 16-8, new state record, old record 15-9, Billy Olson, Abilene, 1976. 2, K y le H arm o n 
Temple, 14-6. 3, R ic h a rd W illiam s, A b ile n e C ooper, 14 6. 4, M a rk 
Taylor, Bryan, 14-o. 5, M ik e M ullins, A rlington Bowie, 14 o. No. 6. 
M ile: I, M a rk Andersen, San Antonio Jay. 4:11.3. 2, M ik e Bonem, 
Baytow n Lee, r : 116. 3, Robert W ilson, M id lan d, 4:15.1. 4, R obe rt 
Payne, Arlington, 4.15.6. 5, Billy Green, M a rsh a ll, 4:19.7, 6, Jose Paz, 
E l P aso Austin, 4:2o.2. 
M ile relay: I, Houston Yotes, 3:13.8, T h o m as D ickerson , Terrell 
Rhone, Kent Ranee, W illard Ch arles 2, Temple, 3:15.7. 3, G arland, 
3:16.o. 4, G alveston Ball, 3:17. 5, Abilene Cooper, 3:18.2. 6, B a y City, 
3:18.5. 
C lass B 
M ile relay: I, Ben Bolt, 3:23.2, Rolando Ram irez, Robert G arcia, 
M anuel A m ador, Juan Bernal. 2, G room , 3:23.7. 3, M eridian, 3:27.6. 4, 
E ra, 3:3o.o. 5, Am herst, 3:3o.1, 6, M ount Enterprise, 3:33.o. 
H igh Ju m p : I, R obe rt G ib so n , M o ze lle , 6-7. 2, John M ic h a e ls, 
Rochester, 6-6. 3, M ichoel Selby, E ra, 6-2. 4, G o ry Coker, D 'H a n is, 6-2. 
5, Jacky Taylor, Dim e Box, 6-o. 6 ((tie). H arold P arke r, Jayton, and 
Heil W ieberg, Groom , 6-o. 
Shot Put: I, Jim Verden, Wheeler, 54-41.. 2, V an H ughes, Axtell, 
52-7V«i. e. M ike Davidson, M eridian, 52-o. 4, D an n y P lem ons, Lorena, 
5o 2 '2. 5, G re g M ounsey, Booker, 49-6. 6. Je rry Tom linson, Rule, 48-1. 
Pole Vault: I. M a rk Thweatt, M ozelle, 13-6. 2 (tie), M artin Blair, 
M e a d o w ; C h a rle so n cStein b ock, L a z b u d d ie ; a n d W a y n e E v a n s , 
Seguin N avarro, 12 6. 5, Jim m y Compton, C ran fills G ap, 12-6. 6, Kenny 
Riley, A gu a Dulce, 12-6. 
44o Relay: I, M eridian (M ike Anderson, M ik e Sellers, D an Carter, 
Kenneth Strickland) 43.6. 2, G oree 43.7. 3, Italy, 43.7. 4, M atad or, 44.2. 
5, Ropesville, 44.3. 6, Hutto 44.6. 
12o H urdles:!. Barton Bean, M iam i, 14.5. 2, Kenneth W right, Como, 
14.6. 3, Tony Allen, M eridian, 14.6. 4, Toney W righter, Chilton, 14.6. 5, 
John M ichaels, Rochester, 14.7 6, D ave Rettig, P rice, 14.8. 
88o: I, Jack Cole, Afton, 1:58.2. 2, Ted M urphree, M a y , 1:59.3. 3, 
Juan Bem ol, Ben Bolt, 1:59.3. 4, W es Kittley, Rule, 1:59.9. 5, Justin 
Palm er. Evdale, 2:o1.4. 6, Jesse Kitchens, Welch, 2:o1.5. 
44o: I, Ricky Spence, W ortham , 49.3. 2, R oger Bo o ge rm an, 49.4. 3, 
Thom as Reed, Groom , 5o.1. 4, R ick y W inters, Fort W orth M a so n ic 
Home, 5o.2. 5, M anuel A m ador, Ben Bolt, 5o.3. 6, Steve W ebb, M ount 
Enterprise, 51.1 
IOO: Eldon Ham ilton, Goree, 9.9 2, Anthony Freem an, Chester, IO O. 
3, George W alker, Italy, 1o.1. 4, Al Rand, M aple, 1o.1. 5, W illie Kerlev, 
Hutto, 1o.1 6, Phil Mitchell, M ay, 1o.2. 
33o Hurdles: I, Barton Bean, M iam i, 39.1. 2, B ra d Stuart, Roby. 39.9 
3, Alan Roberson, Valley M ills, 4o.o. 4, Tony Allen, M eridian. 4o.1. 5, 
Jim m y Hollis, Gilm er, 4o.2. 6, Stanley Strow n, Scu rry, 41.4. 
22o: I, Anthony Freem an, Chester, 22.3. 2, L an ce Blozek, Leakey, 
22.8. 3, Jim m y Kirven, Coolidge, 23.1. 4, C h arle s Threet. Rule, 23.2. 5, 
Juan Bem ol, Ben Bolt, 23.2. 6, D avid Notes, W hiteface, 23.6. 
Mile: SI. R aym ond Johnson, San Elizario, 4:27 9. 2, Leo M ew hinnev, 
Holland, 4:31.8. 3, Bobby M artin, Prosper, 4.35.2. 4, M a rc D ick, E ra, 
4:35.2. 5, Nick Ram irez, M ira n d o City, 4:36.2. 6, K im How ie, New 
Home, 4;41.o. 
C lass A 
High lum p: I, M a rk Smith, Shepherd, 6-8. c la ss record, old record of 
6-6, set bv M ike Barnes, M illsap, 1972, and Bena, E a st Be rnard, 1976. 2, 
D w ayne Jones, M art, 6-6. 3, Ben Nixson, Princetonn 6-4 4, R aym on d 
Johnson, B ro o k sh ire Royal, 6-2. 5, Chef Everett, Stratford, 6-2. 6, 
Daniel Anderson, Hawley. 6-o 
Shot: E lv is M artin, M ason, 53-4’'2. 2, Parnell Lykes, Daisetta, 52-61/*. 
3, Clarence Bennett, Groveton, 52 3. 4, Tim Tidwell, G ran g e r, 49-11 >■*. 
5, Steve Bevill, G ruver, 49-73.. 6, O ran Carroll, Crow ell, 49-3' 4. 
Pole Vault: I, Tab Felts, Pettus. 13-6. 2- T e rry Joe Dial, Sanger, 13-o. 
3, Monty H am brick, Baird, 12-6 4, D avid Bullard, Brow nw ood E arly, 
12-o. 5, C ra ig Snidern Stinnett, 11-6. N o 6. 
44o R elay: I, K arnack, 42.4, A rthur E ste rs, D av id Booker, V ance 
V aughn, Jam e s W alker. 2, Tim pson, 42.5. 3, W hitew right, 42.7. 4, 
Wellington, 43.1. 5, Stanfonn 43.3. 6, Lin dsay, 43.3. 
88o: I, D arry l Shoemake, I ?S6 o. 2, Billy Ashley, Spur, 1:56.4 3, Jeff 
Lindsay, Skidm ore, 1:57.3, 4, M itch Kiser, B ig Lake, 1:58.7. 5, Earn e st 
Coliander, Hardin, 1:59 2. 6, Y o yo Salinas, M em phis, 2:o1.8. 
12o H u rd le s: I, P au l W alsh n P o sstb o ro , 14.3. 2, R ob e rt L y o n s, 
Bullard, 14.4. 3, Robbie Biddy, Paducah, 14 4. 4, Alfred M itchell, Big 
Sandy, 14 4. 5, Cliff Pennon, Wellington, 14.5. 6, Victor Vicinolz, San 
Isidro, 14.7. 
44o: I, W alte r Sho rte r, E a s t B e rn a rd , 49.3. 2, V a n c e V a u g h n , 
Karnack. 49.3. 3, Jim m y M cC oy. G rapeland. 49.3. 4, Kenny M c C a lis­ ter, Stanton, 49.3. 5, Robert C h am b e rs, W ellington, 49.8. 6, D an n y 
Alexander, A rcher City, 49.9. 
33o hurdles: I, D avid Overstreet, B ig Sandy, 38.1. 2. Alfred Mitchell, 
B ig Sandy, 38.5. 3, Paul W alsh, Pottsboro, 39.o. 4, D o u g M cC aliste r, 
Stanton, 39.3. 5, Willie Cadis, Ganado, 39.4. 6, John Jones, Brackett­ ville, 39.8. 
IOO: I, Leslie Kerr, Snook, 9.5, ties c la ss record, She rm an G rave s, 
Groesbeck, 19/o. 2, D avid Louis Thom as, Troy, 9.8. 3, J am e s W alker, 
K arn ack , 9.8. 4, Eugene Sim m ons, H aw k in s, IO o. 5, T e rry D av is, 
Som erville, 1o,o. 6, Donald H arris, Crosbyton, 1o.o. 
22o: I, Leslie Kerr, Snook, 21.4. 2, Eugene Sim m ons, H aw kins, 21.8. 
3, Donald H arris, Crosbyton, 22.1. 4, T e rry D avis, Som erville, 22.1. 5, 
W alter Daniels, W hitew rightn 22.3. 6, W ayne Jones, G rap eland, 22.5. 
M ile : I, S a lv a d o r R a y g o z a , C lint, 4:29.4 
2, R a n d a ll Sh a h a n , 
M em phis, 4:29.6. 3, A n dy Gonzales, Jourdanton, 4:32.3. 4, Kenneth 
Vacek, Tidehaven, 4:34.4. 5, T e rry Freem an, Junction, 4:42.o. 6, D ole 
Dillard, M oody, 4 45.1. 
M ile relay: I, Stanton, 3:21.3, D oug M cC aliste r, M a rv in Jones, Todd 
Smith, Kenny M cC aliste r. 2, Kornock, 3:22.4. 3, E ast Bernard, 3:24.1. 
4, Hardin, 3:25.1. 5, Wellington, 3.25.9. 6, B ig Lake, 3 26.2. 

MEMBERSHIP FOR SALE 
THOUSANDS OAKS RACQUET CLUB 
ALL CLUB PRIVILEGES 

(GOIDCARD), Tennis (indoor & out- 

 door), Pool, Sauna, Exercise Room, Bar,] 
Snack Bar, etc. Reasonable. Private] 
Parties. 
494-7297 

DANNY HEEP 
. . . 24 RHI 

TO K Y O 
(A P ) 
- 
F o r m e r 
L os 
A n geles 
Dodgers star Willie Da­ vis hit an inside-thee- park grand-slam home run Saturday to give the 
Chunichi Dragons a 7-2 
Ja p a n e s e baseball v ic ­ tory over the Yom iuri 
G ian ts. It was D a v is ’ eighth homer of the sea­ son. 

And former San Diego 
P ad res slu g g e r Leron 
Lee sm ashed his 15th hom er of the seaso n , leading the Lotte Orions past the K intetsu B u f­ faloes 4-3. 

CORRECTION! 

The fo llo w in g Item s w ere priced bt* correctly in O sh m an ’s "O n c e a Y ear 
S a le " insert In to d a y ’s paper. Below are the corrected prices: 

W O R L D S FINEST FISH IN G REELS 
AT O N C E -A -Y E A R SALE PRICES 
Sa le 

• SOOOC A m b a ssa d e u r C a stin g R e e l n y 
W ith Stainless Steel Ball B e arin gs............ e r # rn* rn 

• 25ooC Mini Am bassadeur Casting 
R e e l High Speed Retrieve and 
- n *y 
Ball Bearings 
................................ j U 
. 7 i 

• 5 5 o o C A m b a s s a d e u r Reef.~Full Size 
With Ball Bearings and High Speed 
AQ o 7 
Retrieve 
............... .. 
T r # • # § 

• 45ooC A m bassadeur Reet.«Narrow 
Frame Bass With Ball Bearings 
o 7 and High Speed R etrieve............. 
# I 
Y 

Tires and more... car care 

UNIROYAL 

Bargain 
Hunters 
O 

 b a ® 

 l i s s o m e 

# 78 Series oesy 

o78’VV 
G78r\\ 

 p W G t 

S 5S T U 

 l l T j T 
S 3 o-7 7 

; cai 

 s p l i c e s 
- v c t andWeo^ ' ,U' i I fe is ts * * 81 
7 I 

 f 
Great Buys are in the Bag at UNIROYAL! 
FIRST TIME IN SAN ANTONIO! 
Featured in Pickup-Van and 4W D Magazine 
TIRE-WHEEL COMBINATION 
UNIROYAL LAND-TRAC 
SIZE 1o-15 4-PLY RAISED WHITE LETTER 
WHITE SPOKE WELD-WHEEL 15x8 

 w & M 
COMPLETE ASSEMBLY 

Flu, F E I. H 3o 

& wheel hardware 

SPRING SPECIAL! 

 a r 
2 GALLON 
SAFETY GAS CAN 

Mezzetti Tire 
Company 
6239 San Pedro 342-9521 
(NORTHSIDE) 

Hi-Gear, Inc. 

644o No Expwy ((HIO) 

(BALCONES HEIGHTS) 736-2856 

Keller Tire 
Northside 
8719 Broadway 8 2 8 -5 7 4 7 
(I blk North of Loop 41o) 

Gonzales Tiro & 
Muffler 
2623 Culebra Rd. 432-8511 
(WEST) 

Keller Tire 
Company 
4oo S. Flores 226-41 ll 
(DOWNTOWN) 

Schneider Tire 
St Aute 
226o So. WW White Rd. 
3 3 3 -9 3 o 1 (SOUTHEAST) 

Homann-W illiams 
Tiro 
171o Austin Hwy. a# 
Eisenhauer 
824-2413 NORTHEAST 

Sagebiels 

Court & Travis 379-1151 

(SEGUIN) 

Arts Atlas 
3 3 5 o F re d e rick sb u rg 
736-4516 
(NORTHWEST) 

Bori Wheeler Tire 
I 
Service 
43o2 Broadway 
I 
826-1 572 (ALAMO HEIGHTS) 

Kelfer’s Alam o 
Tire Center 
6o1 N. Alamo 225-3291 
(DOWNTOWN) 

Prices shown availahki al j 
Mezietti Tice Company 
| 
See your independent dealer 
, for his price. 
A 

L I N C O L N - M E R C U R Y 

 y a s h ic a 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday May 15 1977 
Dibbs 2nd 
DALLAS (AP) — Eddie Dibbs of 
Miami Beach captured the $2o,ooo third place prize in the World Cham­ pionship of Tennis Saturday after Vitas 
Gerulaitis of New York retired in the second set because of an ankle injury. 
Gerulaitis, who played a fiveset match in losing to Dick Stockton in the semifinals Friday night, said he might not be able to play Saturday but gave it a game effort 
Dibbs won the first set 7-6 by taking the 13-point tie-breaker 7-3. 
Gerulaitis, who won $12,ooo, then decided to concede tile remainder of the match. 
“ I hurt the ankle Thursday, then it began to bother me in the last set against Stockton,” said Gerulaitis. “ I think I pulled a muscle but I ’m not sure.” 
Jimmy Connors and Stockton meet 
Sunday in the WCT finals for the 
$1oo,ooo first place prize. 

ALBERT BRISENO 
. . . catcher 
Ready 
I 

Albert Briseno, above, catches fi 

 for South San Antonio while 
J 

Roddy Willis, right, will be the I starting pitcher for M arshall I when the two teams collide in 
£ 

 bidistrict play at South San 
Monday night. Briseno is bat- I ting .358 while Willis owns a 1o-1 
I 

 pitching record, 

Salazar 

Golfer added 

SPtCIAl TO TH* EXPRESS NEWS 
SAN MARCOS - Ken Whitaker, an all-conference golfer from Henderson 
County Junior College, has signed a scholarship with Southwest Texas 
State. 
Whitaker, a graduate of Longview 
High School, was medalist in the 
Texas Eastern Conference this spring and is a two-time all-league pick. 
JEFFERSON infie ld „ back row from toff, Brent Johnson, third; Steve Pavlich, catcher; Anthony M artinez, second, front row from left, Art M artinez, shortstop; Freddie Tre­ vino, first 

RODDY WILLIS . . . pitcher oms 
NORTH PARK 

L in c o ln 
M e r c u r y p ro - udly announces th e 

 g g f i p l l 
9 return of 
Don 
Dun-' 
S n ip ford. 
Don lead our 

 new and used car sales staff for 2 con-j lit *' W secutive years. A fter a 
H 
L short stay in C o rpus1 
Christi he has returned; to the 
A lam o 
C ity .1 
Don is anxious to see all o f his many, previous owners and friends. 

Monday night at South 
San Antonio. 
Salazar hit .423 last year to gain the Ex- press-News 
All-City berth at his position. 
This year, in 27 games he is hitting ,397 as the third hitter in the lineup, with five home runs and 
25 runs batted in. 
His average for 13 dis­ trict games is .422. 
He had been contacted by a large number of colleges for both baseball and football, but has de­ cided to stick with base­ ball. 
Every school in the 
Southwest Conference 

Terry 
Salazar, 
Marshall’s 
All-City shortstop, has signed a national letter of intent to attend the University of 
Texas on a baseball scholarship. 
By signing a national letter of intent instead of one for the Southwest 
Conference (as Clemens catcher Ray Corbett did with Texas A&M last 
Thursday), Saiazar re­ tains his eligibility for the upcoming state playoffs. 
Marshall won its dis­ trict for the second straight year and will open bidistrict action 

American before making a decision. 
Sundays he plays for the Southwest Dodgers in the Northwest Amateur 
League and his hitting over .5oo there. 
The 6-1, 19o-pounder also made the All-City team as a punter, as he kicked six times out of bounds inside the enemy 
IO last fall. 
He became a kicking specialist his senior sea­ son after injuries hit him earlier in his career. He booted three field goals and 31 extra points for the District 3o-AAAA runnersup. 

TERRY SALAZAR 
. . . picks Steers except SMU and Arkan­ sas, plus Arizona and 
Arizona State, among others, had been in con­ tact with him about baseball, but he nar­ rowed the choice down to 
Texas, Houston and Pan 

92o7 
SAN PEDRO 

ROOSEVELT players, back row from left, Joe M oon, left- field; Jam es Eanes, rightfiefd; front row from left, Greg 
Adkins, Centerfield; Eddie Kleinfelder, catcher 

ONLY ONE NOTE PER CUSTOMER 

KINGSVILLE - News of Gil Steinke’s resigna­ tion as head football coach at Texas A&I Uni­ versity was met with surprise and disappoint­ ment by some of his col­ leagues in the Lone Star 
Conference. 
Steinke, whose resig­ nation became effective immediately, will re­ main at Texas A&I as athletic director. 
Described as an “ insti­ tution within an institu­ tion” by Dr. Gerald B 
Robins, Texas A&I presi­ dent, Steinke cited a 
“ lessening in my enthu­ siasm” as the major fac­ tor in his reaching his decision. 
Under 
Steinke’s 
23-year tenure, the per­ ennially strong Javelinas captured six NATA na­ tional championships and IO Lone Star Confer­ ence titles. 

Lo n g est 
A&I’s 39-game winning streak is the longest ac­ tive one in the nation. 
The mark is a record in the NAI A and LSC, and ranks as the longest win­ ning string in Texas collegiate football his­ tory. 
Wally Bullington, who last season resigned as head football coach at 
Abilene Christian Uni­ versity to remain as ath­ letic director, described 
Steinke’s stint as “ defin­ itely one of the best in the country. 
His record speaks for itself.” 
“ There’s no question that Coach Steinke has had the best program as far as small colleges are concerned,” Bullington added. “ I think he’ll continue to do a good job as athletic director. He’s an outstanding worker with young people. I can say that it’s been a chal­ lenge playing against him. I think the world of him.” 

Coach Steinke.” Hess continued. 
Probably the most sur­ prised person was Bill 
Miller, head coach at 
Southwest Texas. Miller, who’s been at the helm of the Bobcat program the last 12 years, is a close friend of Steinke’s. 

“ He’s a tremendous coach,” M iller said. 

Roosevelt and Je f­ ferson tangle Tues­ day night at Blossom 
Athletic Center to open their 4A bidis­ trict series. — Staff 
Photos 

" 
ADMISSION AT RAPE’S PLACE 

EXOTIC DANCERS 
ADULT MOVIES 
PH. 675-981o 
Expires May 2o,17 after 7 P.M. Mon.-Sat. 

8761 Hwy. 9o W. '/« Mile West Of Loop 41o 

H u rry ! O ffe r E x p ire s S o o n 

■— — 
P I P T I 
~ ~ I ' I— — — 
! 
We've just made 

 the super-fast Yhshka FR 
^dRfejeven faster. 

 h u m 

 lf you're looking for a rugged, full-featured SLR with an of innovative accessories like action power winder, the Yashica FR was made for you. It 
^ |jj 'J M electric cable switches, a re­ shoots photo sequences at least 2o% faster than its com - mote control Infrared phaser petitors' fastest winders. that triggers the FR with an 
That's because the FR invisible beam of light, and an hdS an advanced electro- automatic bellows. You’ll see magnetic release system, why the Yashica FR is one of the most responsive system 
™ the most advanced systems available. A unique focal cam eras ever made, offering advantages that no other plane shutter that assures camera system has. And now we’ve gone even further shutter-speed accuracy by avoiding the “inertia lag” to make the Yashica FR a super-speedster, found in conventional designs. And because the Yashica 
We've added a new, electrically linked pro-grip 
FR’s winder is powered with 6 batteries, not four, you get that makes the super-fast Yashica FR even faster. Both power-to-spare for constant high speed power shooting for handling and for shooting. 
EffT jflfT B n at up to 2.5 shots per second. 
The action-packed Yashica FR. 
Ip z j f S l 
And that's just the beginning. The Yashica FR’s full 
See it in action at your Yashica dealer. information viewfinder, with bright, easy-to-read LE D s tells everything you need to know, at a glance. Add 
/ all-metal construction to the Yashica FR’s com pact 
» I design, and you have one of 
« I 

 the fastest handling, most rugged v ^ 
M cameras. 
~ 
Name. 
And lenses? 34 in all, includ- 
* Address____________ j f f l n 
H ing the super-sharp Yashica 
- 
Multi-coated lenses, and the legendary Carl Zeiss T-Star(T*) lenses, which are available only on Contax/Yashica cameras. 
Choose from a full complement 

Striped for fashion action-to prove you're on the go and in the know. In a selection styles and colors. All in easy care fabrics you drop into washer with never a worry. When it s a question of fashion, the an­ swer is Arrow. I LOO to 19.oo 
Jim Hess, head coach at Angelo State the past two seasons, voiced dis­ appointment upon hear­ ing of Steinke’s decision to step down. “ I think he’s a heck of a football coach,” 
Hess said. 
“ Lord, is the conference going to miss him. he did a lot for the Lone Star 
Conference. 
It was Hess’ Rams who gave the Javelinas their closest games in 1975 and 
1976. 
The 
Javelinas downed ASU, 14-6, in 1975 and 2o-o last season., 
“ I consider it an honor to have had the oppor­ tunity to coach against 

Arrow 

Just send us this coupon along with the 
Yashica FR warranty card that comes with every Yashica FR and winder and we ll send you the *55 professional grip FREE! 

FREE With the 
Purchase of a Yashica FR and Action Winder 

Yashica FR Serial N o ,._ _______________Winder No.________ , 

Need more information first? 
Just send in this coupon and we ll send you more information on the 
Yashica FR and the name ot the dealer nearest you. 
Yashica Inc., 411 Sette Drive, Paramus, NJ. o7652. 

SO U TH PARK M ALL tH35S AT S W . MILITARY DR. 
1o:oo A M TIL 9-OO P.M. MON.-SAT. 

CENTRAL PARK M ALL 
LOOP A 1o AT SAN PEDRO 
1o:oo A M Til 9.oo P M. M ON SAT 

PLAZA DEL REY 
SEGUIN, TEXAS 

1o:oo A M Til 9 oo PM . MON SAT. 

W IN D SO R PARK M ALL 
IH 35 f . AT WALZEM RD. 
1o:oo A M. Til 9 oo P M MON SAT. 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday May 15 1977 
Pag6 9-S 
AH vs. 'The Bull9 

LANDOVER, Md. (AP) — Muhammad Aii will defend ihe hea­ vyweight championship Monday night against Alfredo Evangelista, a ' 
Spanish citizen called “ the Buirby AH. other things by other people. 

Evangelista is a 22-year-old native of Uruguay who has a 13-1-1 record with ll knockouts. 
He lost his last fight on an eight-round decision to Lorenzo Zanon and is ranked 1oth by the World Boxing Council and World Boxing Asso­ ciation. 
“ When we purchased the rights we knew what we were buying,” said Jim Spence, vice president in charge of sports programming for 
ABC which will televise the scheduled 15-rounder as the featured part of a boxing tripleheader. 
“ We were buying a heavyweight championship fight and AH.” 
Spence said that ABC also investigated Evangelista’s ranking and could find no wrongdoing. He noted that the WBA dropped Evangelista from No. 8 to No. IO after the loss. 
“ Part of the motivation was defensive,” Spence added in noting why 
ABC took the fight. “ At least one other network offered $2.9 million directly to Ali.” 
All’s purse will be $2.7 million for the bout, sponsored by Don King, whose United States Boxing Championships tournament was recently suspended by ABC amid charges of kickbacks, false records and tampered Ring magazine rankings. Evangelista gets $85,ooo. 
NBC telecast the Ali fight against unheralded Richard, Dunn last 

 year and reported the event had the second highest rating of the 1976 for a sports event. The Super Bowl football game was first. 
It will be Ali’s first since he won a disputed 15-round decision over 
Ken Norton last Sept. 26, then announced his retirement several times. 
A promotional picture of Evangelista casts him in a role of “ Rocky 
Balboa” the fictional hero of the Academy Award winning film 
“ Rocky,” who got a heavyweight title fight and almost won. 
In reality, Evangelista’s image has been anything but glamorous. 
One published report stated he had cataracts, forcing an eye exa­ mination conducted last Saturday by the Maryland State Athletic 
Commission. He passed. 
Ali had his weight down to about 225 pounds and his mind on the future during training this past week. During one session he got on his knees in the ring and “ prayed” for Duane Bobick to beat Ken Norton and set up a “ big-money” match. 
The 35-year-old champion will take a 53-2 (37 knockouts), record into his 22nd championship bout. There is no betting line on the outcome of this one. 
The challenger began fighting in 1975 when he won twice. 
The other two bouts on the television tripleheader are a WBCC junior lightweight title defense by Alfredo Escalera of Puerto Rico against 
Carlos Bececerril of Pomona, Calif., and a 1o-round non-title fight between Roberto Duran of Panama, the WBA lightweight champion, and Jamier Muniz of Los Angeles. 

T ale of th e ta p e 

LANDOVER, Md (AP) - Tale of the tape for Monday’s heavyweight championship fight between cham­ pion Muhammad Ali and challenger 
Alfredo Evangelista: 

Ali 
Evangelista 
•»*» 
Age 
35 
22 
Height 
224 
21o 
Height 
6 3 
6-2 
Reach 
SO 
76 
Chest 
(normal) 41 
42 
I hest 
(expanded) 16 
44* * 
Bleeps 
Ii 
154 
Forearm 
13*z 
124 
Waist 
34 
36 
Thigh 
26 
25 
Calf 
17 
174 
Neck 
17*2 
IS 
Wrist 
8 
74 
Fist 
13 
12 
Ankle s s 
IO 
Schroeder leads 

ASSOCIATED PRESS 
FORT WORTH — John Schroeder sal­ vaged a m iracle par-four on the final hole and held onto a one-stroke lead Saturday in the third round of the $2oo,ooo Colonial 
National Invitation golf tournament. 

Schroeder, a four-stroke leader when play began on the humid day, was only one shot in front of threatening Ben Crenshaw and thrashing around under bridges on the wrong hole, worrying about scoreboards that were in his way and chopping up the 18th hole in Sunday duffer fashion when the national television coverage ended. 
He had to make par four — which appeared all but impossible — to retain his lead. 
And he made it, hitting his third shot — after taking a drop — to within IO feet of the flag and dropping the putt that let him complete a round of one-over-par 71 and 54 holes with a 2o2 total. 

“ A helluva four,” said Crenshaw-, who watched the proceedings from the press room. 

Crenshaw, four strokes back with three holes to play, closed to within one on Schroeder’s struggles over the last three holes and a 15-foot birdie putt of his own on the 18th hole. He shot a 68 for 2o3, seven under par on the 7,19o-yard Colonial Country Club course that snapped back at the men who had taken unusual liberties with it on the first two days of this old event. 

Schroeder, a longshot who has played so poorly in recent years he’s entertained thoughts of quitting the tour, actually owned a five-shot lead after ll holes, but bogeyed the 12th after a poor tee shot. 

He lost another with a bogey from a bunker on the 
16th, and hit over the 17th green and bogeyed again. 
Crenshaw, playing in front of him, birdied the 18th moments later and Schroeder’s lead dwindled to a single stroke. 

HOUSTON (AP) — The talented Philadelphia 
7Hers, stung once by the Houston Rockets, say they won t be caught napping again Sunday when they resume their National Basketball Association (NBA) playoff series at Philadelphia’s Spectrum. 
“ We came out lackadaisical our first game in 
Houston but that won’t happen again,” Sixer for­ ward George McGinnis said. “ That’s just the kind of team we are. We went in there just wanting a split. 
“ But now the situation is different. We have a 
Blazer guard elated 

PORTLAND, Ore. (AP) — Elated veteran Port­ land guard Larry Steele says he now sees what the 
Trail Blazers had been missing in the National 
Basketball Association. 
“ It’s been a long time, but it’s all paid off,” Steele said after the Trail Blazers swept four games from the Los Angeles Lakers to advance to the NBA championship. 
Portland, which had never had a winning season, stopped the Lakers 1o5-1o1 Friday night for the NBA 
Western Conference crown. 
“ It’s like growing up poor or doing without certain things,” said Steele, who in his sixth season has worn a Portland uniform longer than anyone else on the roster. “ Now that I’m here, I see what we were 

Coach Ed Messbarger's 
RATTLER 
BASKETRALL CAMP 
ONLY FIVE CAMPS SIGN UP TODAY 
LIMITED ENROLLMENT 

June 6-1o 
Boys Only 
June 2o-24 
June 13-17 
June 27-July I 

Girls Only 
July 4-8 
One Camino Santa Maria 
San Antonio, Texas 78284 
- 4 3 6 -3 4 1 1 
436-3414 — 

 missing in all those years.” 
Portland will meet the winner of the Houston- 
Phiiadelphia semifinal series for the championship. 
Trail Blazer Coach Jack Ramsay, savoring Fri­ day’s victory in his first season with Portland, said he did not care which team his squad faces but the players probably want to challenge Philadelphia. 
“ I think the players would prefer to play Phila­ delphia because it is the supposed wonder team,” 
Ramsay said. 
“ I felt all along we had the potential to play for a championship,” said Ramsay. “ I thought we would do it if we kept our game on the proper pitch.” 
Rookie guard Johnny Davis, who played a key role in Portland’s fourth-game triumph, said, “ It feels good to win the series, but now we have to sustain the mental toughness until our objective is obtained. 
That’s to win the championship.” 
Davis, 23, who replaced injured Dave Twardzik as a starter five games earlier, finished the night with 
21 points, second only to Maurice Lucas’ team-high 
26. 
Lucas, a Portland newcomer this season from 
Louisville of the defunct American Basketball 
Association, scored 18 points in the second half, halting a Los Angeles rally that had given the Lakers a sixpoint edge in the third period. 
Davis stole the ball from Kareem Abdul-Jabbar and scored on a layup to build a 1o3-93 Portland edge that was never headed. 
Abdul-Jabbar captured game scoring honors with 
3o points and snared 17 rebounds. 
Lucas lauded Abdul-Jabbar and the other Lakers: 
“ That team is built around Jabbar and Jabbar is too proud, much too proud, to give up. He never bows his head.” 
Laker Don Chaney, who played on two NBA championship teams with the Boston Celtics, said, 
“ Portland resembles the old Celtic teams. They hustle and play good defense.”__________ 

CORN’N CLUCK, 
UNDER A BUCK 

FOR 
99 

o 
YOU GET: 

A cobette of sweet, golden corn. 
Two pieces of juicy 
Kentucky Fried Chicken. 
Mashed potatoes and gravy. 
A delicious fresh roll. 

M m 
* ai ft 
* ft 

Saturday’s results 

F O R T W O R T H (A P ) - T h ird ro u n d s c o r e s S a t u rd a y in the 
$2oo,ooo C olon ial N ational invito fio n g o lf t o u r n a m e n t on th e 
7 ,1 9 o -v a rd , p a r-7 o 
C o lo n ia l 
C ountry C lub course (a-denotes a m ateur): 

76ers ready to ploy 

 chance to wrap up the series now and we won’t go to sleep. We certainly don’t want to come back here again.” 
McGinnis, still sweating from the 76ers’ 1o7-95 victory Friday night, referred to Houston’s Summit, where the Rockets beat them badly 118-94 Wednes­ day night. 
The split in Houston gives the Sixers a 3-1 lead in the best of seven series and a loss Sunday would end the Rockets surprising season. 

Schroeder 
BenCrenshaw 
T omWatson 
EdSnced 
ChiChiRodriouez 
ALGelberger 
ButchBaird 
StanLee 
RikMassengale 
Jim Masserio 
TomKite 
LeeTrevino 
RogcrMaltbie 
AAacMcLendon 
RavFlovd 
M illerBarber 
LvnLott 
HubertGroen 
W allyArm strong 
GeorgeCadle 
D aveEichelberger 
LouGraham 
EdDoughertv 
JohnnyMiller 
GeorgeArcher 
DonJanuary 
FredMarti 
TomWeiskopf 
Halelrwin 
JerryM cG ee 
Brur.eUetzke 
Joelnman 
BruceDevlin 
GilAAorgan 
G ary Player 
G aryM cCord 
BobE. Smith 
Dougfewell 
LonHinkle 
LannyWadkins 
D annyEdw ards 
RonCerrudo 
W oodyBlackburn 
G raham M ursh 
AndvNorfh 
G rier Jones 
JuliusBoros 
BillKratzert 
DaveStockton 
RodCurl 
BobGilder 
Bid Rogers 
BobOickson 
Bobby Wadk ins 
MikeMcCullough 
LeeElder 
Fuzzy Zoeller 
GavBrew er 
GibbvGilbert 
Keith Fergus a-LindvMiller 
CraigStadler 
Kermit Zarley 
BobbyWolrel 
M ark Lye 
E d Sa bo 
BotoWynn 
JohnSchlee 
DonBies 
BillMallon 
JavHaas 
Jim 
Simons 

66-65-71-2o? 
65-7o-68— 2o3 
67 72-68— 2o7 
67-7o-71-2o8 
66 7o-73-2o9 
65-71 73-2o9 
68 73-68 —2o9 
73-7o-67— 21o 
72-66-72— 2)o 
68-71-71— 21o 
67 /1-72-21o 
7o67 73-21o 
66-7o 75-211 
68-74-69— 211 
72 7o69-211 
69 7369-211 
72 7267-211 
<o-73-7o— 212 
7o7369-212 
69-7o73-212 
69-7o73-212 
7o7o72 -212 
69-7o73-212 
736971-213 
71-71-71-213 
7268-73-213 
72 72 7o-214 
72 7o72-214 
71-73-7o— 214 
7o7569— 214 
71-71 72-214 
71-7o73— 214 
69-74 71-214 
72-71-71-214 
71 72 72-215 
67-76-72— 215 
7o72 73-215 
7369-73— 215 
71-71-73— 215 
72-71-72-215 
737369-215 
71-72 72-215 
76-7o69— 215 
73-71-71-215 
7o71-74-215 
7o71-74— 215 
68-72-75-215 
7o74-72— 216 
727o74-216 
68-77-71— 216 
757o71— 216 
71-7o75— 2)6 
72 74-7o-216 
7o69-77-216 
72-72 73-217 
68-7574-217 
73-72-72— 217 
72-71-75-218 
69-74-75-218 
7o71-78— 219 
7571-74-22o 
74-72-74— 22o 
73-73-74-22o 
71-74-76-221 
72 74-75— 221 
71 7575— 221 
7o74-78-222 
72-74-76-222 
74-71-77-222 
71-74-77— 222 
72-73-77-222 
73-71-UQ 
Dorset! in m eet 
LAS VEGAS (AP) - 
Running back Tony Dor­ sett of the Dallas Cow­ boys, the 1976 Heisman 
Trophy winner from Pitt as the nation’s top col­ lege football player, has joined the field for the 
Dewar’s Cup Celebrity 
Tennis Tournament here 
June 6-1o. 

Slew set 

NEW YORK (AP) - 
Kentucky Derby winner 
Seattle Slew is scheduled to work out at Belmont 
Park 
Sunday, going seven-eighths of a mile or a mile, trainer Bill 
Turner said Saturday. 
Turner said he planned to ship the colt to Pimlico on Monday for next Sa­ turday’s Preakness, the second jewel in racing’s 
Triple Crown. 
Meantime, trainer Laz 
Barrera said his colt, Af­ filiate, would skip the 
Preakness. Instead Affi­ liate, an also-ran in the 
Derby, went in Satur­ day’s Withers at Aque­ duct and would go in the 
Jersey Derby later this summer. 
In another develop­ ment, Turn And Count, an outstanding 4-year-old colt, was sold by Sig­ mund Sommer to Peter 
Brant for an undisclosed sum. Turn And Count has won nine of 17 career1 starts, including the 
Grey Lag and Excelsior, for earnings of $246,971. 

Soccer tilts 

NEW YORK (AP) - 
The League of Ireland championship 
Sligo 
Rovers will play five games in the United 
States in a tour under the auspices of the American 
Soccer League, 

Sneva in Indy pole 

ASSOCIATED PRESS 

INDIANAPOLIS - Tom Sneva, who walked away from a harrowing, fiery crash here two years ago, splintered the 2oo m iles per hour barrier at 68-year-old Indianapolis 
Motor Speedway Saturday and won the pole position for the May 29 Indianapolis 5oo. 

The 28-year-old former junior high school princi­ pal from Spokane, Wash., embarassed his stymied competition with searing laps at 2oo.4o1 and 2oo.535 in his McLaren-Cosworth before cooling off to a 
198.884 average for the 1o-mile qualifying run. 
That erased defending champion Johnny Ruther­ ford’s one lap record of 199.o71 and four-lap mark of 
198.412, set in 1973. 
“ I was using up all of the race week,” said Sneva, who reportedly dusted the wall lightly after his fastest lap. “ It got pretty wiggly out there a few 

 times. But I got away with it. 
“ The first two laps I knew were good, and I just wanted to get two more. The car was getting loose and I felt there was no sense in taking ehanees. 
“ We gotta be pleased We had a tough week The guys (crew) did a fantanstic job getting the car ready. I didn’t get too many practice laps.” 
Sneva, who wrecked in practice Friday and blew up a motor Wednesday trying to join the 2(H) Club in practice, earned a $1o,(HH) prize and was showered with 2(H) silver dollars from an enthused fan. 
Almost every other qualifier, including the unof­ ficial 2(H) Club members, ran perplexing^ slow. 
A.J. Foyt couldn’t find the same combination lie used to run 2oo 178 in practice last week, even though he got two chances. The three-time winner averaged only 193.465 on his first run. But U.S. Auto 
Club officials discovered a broken fitting on the pressure relief valve they installed on Foyt’s Coyote. 
Allowed to run again, Foyt upped it to 194.563. Still it was “ about the slowest we’ve run all month,” Foyt grumbled. 
CLOSED SUNDAYS 
NEW 77, IO T' GALAXY I/O 
CABIN CRUISER 

ALSO INCLUDES: Mercruiser 17o-HP with fresh water cooling— just what you salt water fishermen have been asking for • RUNNING LIGHTS • MECHANICAL 
STEERING • CONVERTIBLE TOP • ASTRO TURF CARPETING • CABIN INTERIOR 
WITH FULL HEADLINER • FIRE EXTINGUISHER.* COLOR-TONED VINYL INTERIOR 
TUFTED SIDE PANELS • STORAGE COMPARTMENTS • UPHOLSTERED CABIN IN­ 
TERIOR • V BERTHS W SLEEP-CUSHIONS IN CABIN • ROPE LOCKER • PORTA- 
POTTI • BATTERY AND BATTERY BOX • SKIPPER B GALVANIZED DRIVE-ON 
TRAILER • ALL NECESSARY LIGHTING. 

SUGGESTED RETAIL $1o,oo5.9o 
7588 

>264” SPECIAL BONUS 
A MARINE 
CB RADIO 

WM H EVERY CRUISER SOLD THRU 5-19-77 

SPORT-CRAFT TRI-HULL 
W/5o-HP MERCURY OUTBOARD 
★ WALK THRU WINDSHIELD ★ 
UPHOLSTERED HELSMAN SEATS ★ 
FIRE EX. ★ BATTERY & BATTERY 
BOX ★ TWO BOW STORAGE BOXES 
W / U P HOLSTERED SEATS ★ GAS 
TANK ★ SINGLE LEVER REMOTE 
CONTROL SKIPPER B TIPPER (EASY 
LOAD) GALVANIZED TRAILER W/ALL 
LIGHTS & TIE DOWNS. 

SUGGESTED 
RETAIL 
$3,767.27 *2688 
CURRENT INVENTORY ONLY 

FUNMASTER TRI-HULL 
4o-HP MERCURY OUTBOARD 
* WALK THRU WINDSHIELD ★ 
UPHOLSTERED HELSMAN SEATS ★ 
FIRE EXTINGUISHER ★ SINGLE LEVER 
REMOTE CONTROL ★ GAS TANK ★ 
B A T T E R Y & B A T T E R Y BOX ★ 
SKIPPER B TIPPER (EASY LOAD) VAL- 
VANIZED TRAILER WITH ALL LIGHTS 
& TIE DOWNS. 
*2588 

SUGGESTED 
RETAIL 
$3527.35 

CURRENT INVENTORY ONLY 
STORE HOURS: 
LET THE "BRADY BUNCH" 

LOW DOWN payment 

BANK RATE 
FINANCING 

UP TO FIVE YEARS 
TO PAY 

WEEKDAYS 9-7 P.M. 
CLOSED 
SATURDAY 9-4 P.M. 
SUNDAY save you hundreds of dollars 

GLASS TINTING 

For H o m e & C a r At 
SObflR-X 

CALL 349-6469 

J 

. 
. 
. 
. 
. 
. 
. 
. r 
25th kids’ fish contest set 

By DAN KLEPPER ourooon COITO* 
The annual half-day fishing tournament for San Antonio youngsters will be a quarter of a century old when it gets under way in Brackenridge Park May 
21. 
There has been only one miscue during those 25 years, and that was caused by the weather. The tournament was rained out one May morning a few years ago. 
Sponsors plan on the 25th fishing, worm dunking, soda pop drinking, prize winning contest getting under way on schedule, and, if history re­ peats itself, about a thousand young anglers will line the banks of the San 
Antonio River to try to put together a winning string of fish. 
The contest is open to youngsters 5 through 14 years of age. They will fish in five age divisions, 5-6, 7-8, 9-1o, 
11-12, 13-14. 
Prizes, a total of 15 rods and reels, will be awarded the top three fisher­ men in each age division. The rods and reels are furnished by Pearl Brewing 
Co. 
Sponsors 
Sponsors of the annual tournament are the San Antonio Parks and Re­ creation Department, Anglers Club of 
San Antonio and Express-News. 
Residents of St. Peter’s and St. Jo­ seph’s Home and the Mexican Baptist 
C hildren’s Home will be guests of sponsors. Samuels Glass Company will* furnish transportation for these con­ testants, and the Parks and Recreation 
Department will award a trophy to the orphan who catches the heaviest fish. 
Two more large trophies will be presented. The Express-News trophy will go to the angler who catches the largest fish of the tournament, and the 
Anglers Club trophy will be awarded to the contestant who weighs in the hea­ viest string of fish. 

Outdoors 

May 15 1977 

Free soft drinks provided by Coca 
Cola Bottling Company will be availa­ ble to all contestants during the tour­ nament. 
San Antonian Lloyd Ball will furnish guests with earthworms for bait. All other contestants must furnish their own tackle and bait. Worms will be sold at tournament headquarters at 
Lambert Beach near the north end of the park on the river. 
There is no entry fee. Entry blanks have been distributed to school dis­ tricts in the metropolitan area. The blanks also are available in copies of the Express-News. 
The blanks should be filled out, signed and mailed or delivered to the 
Parks and Recreation Department of­ fice, 95o E. Hildebrand, San Antonio 
78212, by noon Thursday. Do not send entries to the Express-News. 
Assistance 
Members of the San Antonio Fire 
Department will be on hand to assist sponsors with the contest. Also stand­ ing by will be EMS technicians with an 
EMS unit in case of emergency. 
Rules of the contest are simple, and they are enforced. Parents may not help contestants in catching fish. Two or more contestants may not pool their catches. And no one will be allowed to start fishing before 8:3o a m. the day of the contest. 
All contestants m ust check in at tournament headquarters between 7:3o and 8:3o a m. the morning of the con­ test to receive numbered tags. Fishing will start at 8:3o and end at ll a.m. 

Ken Cowan of San Antonio dis­ plays the 8-pound 1-ounce bass he caught at Brady Lake on a spinner to win the April big bass contest sponsored by Cullum & 
Boren. The fish was worth a 
Daiwa spinning rod and reel. 
The contest w ill continue through June. 

PERRY SAM UELS, left, chairm an of the K id s’ Fishing Contest, and Lee Birdsong d isplay the I 5 rods and reels to be p re ­ sented w inners of the tournam ent. 

O . O. H O FFM A N , president of the A n gle rs Club, checks one of the trophies to be a w a rd e d top fisherm en in the K id s’ Fishing Contest. H olding the trophies are Joe Reyes, center, and G e rald Gott, both w ith the Parks and Recreation D epartm ent 
Brazos st ripers spawn 

FORT WORTH — A natural spawn of striped bass has been recorded on the 
Brazos River between Lakes Whitney and Granbury. 
During late April Texas Parks and 
Wildlife 
Department fisheries re ­ search personnel discovered both eggs and mature striped bass in that section of the Brazos River. 
“We found two batches of fertilized striper eggs,” said biologist Chuck 
Mulford. “ By taking the rate of river flow into consideration and stage of development in the eggs, we figured 

 the uppermost batch of eggs was laid and fertilized im m ediately below 
Granbury Dam. 

“The second batch was found farther dow nstream and probably was spawned by fish some 4o miles from 
Granbury Dam. 
Mulford said spent adult stripers which already had spawned were scat­ tered in the river between the two lakes. 
“The two days after fertilization are critical to survival of striper eggs,” 

 said Mulford. “ In 65-degree water it takes some 48 hours for the larval fish to develop mouth parts and another two days for them to be strong enough to maintain themselves in a horizontal position and swim against the current. 
“ During these first two days the larval stripers are at the mercy of river currents. They must be kept in suspension by the current. If they drop to the river bottom they will suffocate and die.” 

Conditions on the Brazos were per- 
Use o f Texas rivers by increases 6,ooo per cent since 

AUSTIN — Use of Texas’ rivers and streams has increased dramatically in the last few' years. 
To determine the increase, the Texas 
Parks and Wildlife Department sur­ veyed 19 livery operations in the state which specialize in the rental of canoes, kayaks and rafts. rimes 
& T id es 

MOV IS 
Lo 8. OOo.in. 
Hi 
3: ll a.m. 
Lo 8:o9 p.m. 
Hi 12:27 p.m. 

May IS 
Lo 9:3) a.rn. 
Hi 
5:41 a.m. 
Lo 9:o4 p.m. 
Hi 
3:41 p.m. 

May IS 
Rise 6.41 a.m. 
Set 8:19 p.m. 

T ID E S 
Port Aransas 

Port Isabel 

SU N R ISE-SU N SE T 

May 16 
9:oo ci rn. 
4:o7 a m. 
8:48 p.m. 

May 16 
Lo 1o.17 a.m. 
Hi 
6 24 a.m. 
Lo 9 35 p.m. 
Hi 
3:56 p.m. 

From 1969 to 1976, demand for rental craft increased by some 6,ooo per cent. 
Total number of days during which recreationists floated state streams increased from 4,5oo to 96,75o per year. 
Figures show the Guadalupe River accounts for the greatest percentage of canoeing recreation — some 67 per cent. Portions of the Brazos, San Mar­ cos and the Rio Grande also are popu­ lar. 
Recreational use of Texas streams has expanded faster than in other states. Such use in Texas expanded more than 9,ooo per cent in the IO years from 1965 through 1975. 
Survey data in other states showed that use of other popular U.S. streams such as the Colorado River through the 
Grand Canyon in Arizona went up more than 2,5oo per cent, and the Cha- tooga River in South Carolina was up 

 some 7,ooo per cent. 
Texas rental agencies also were sur­ veyed to d eterm in e the relative amount of river floating done on a seasonal or time-of-week basis. It was found that river floating is not as sea­ sonal as most water-related sports. 
Seventeen per cent occurred during the months of November through Fe­ bruary. 
The relative balance of participation through the year is attributed to se­ veral factors: (I) Canoeists often run rivers during times of increased water flow' which occurs during the spring, fall and sometimes winter; (2) river camping on float trips is more desira­ ble during cooler months when mos­ quitoes and other pests are not as abundant, and (3) most navigable stretches of inland waters are in the warmer sections of the state. 

May 16 
Rise 6 41 a.m. 
Set 8.2o p.m. 

M O O N R ISE-M O O N SET 
May 15 
Rise 5 13 a.rn 
Set 6:25 p.m. 

MOON PH A SES 
New moon 
May 18 
First quarter: May 26 
Full moon: June I 
Last quarter. June 8 

May 16 
Rise 5:5o a.m. 
Set 717 P.m . 

DONT MONKEY AROUND THIS SATURDAY 
MGH GROUND CLEARANCE-3MMT HUCH 
FARM AND GARDIN TRACTOR 

 w ith the fo llo w in g tools: 

4 4 ” telly RM «er ta d bar c d tm te n 
L 
‘ 
’ t v m t 
■ M A e d n te rs r e v Wide 
Rise lurrtv 
GO SPEEDEX- 
AMERICAN MADI i6 h .p . 

THE TORGERSON CO. I 
• Phone 533-5145J 
739 Steves Ave, 

KIDS’ FISHING CONTEST 

ENTRY BLANK 

Name: 

Address: 

Telephone: 

B RAC K EN RIDGE PARK - LAMBERT BEACH 
MAV 21 
AGE: 5 through 14 years 
CHECK IN TIME; 7:3o-8:3o a.m. 
FISHING TIME: 8:3o-11:oo a.m. 

Sponsored by the Anglers Club of San Antonio, Parks and Recreation 
Department and the Sun Antonio Express and News. 

I hereby give my child permission to participate in a fishing tournament held at Brackenridge Park, Lambert Beach. May 21. 1977. 

Parent or Guardian Signature 

ENTRY DEADLINE 
Recreation Office, 95o E. Hildebrandt, noon. 
Thursday, May 19. ENTRIES — Checked at LAmbert Beach between 7:3o-8:3o a.m. 

 feet this spring for maintaining striper larvae while they developed. Substan­ tial rains on the watershed have pro­ vided ample water to keep the young fish moving after they hatched. 
Mulford also suspects striped bass have spawned between Granbury and 
Lake Possum Kingdom. 
“ We caught a 12-pound m a tu re female bass in the vicinity of the U.S. 
Hwy. 18o b rid g e ,” said Mulford. 
“ Although we have had no chance to set egg or seine nets to confirm a spawn in this section of the Brazos 
River, there is a good chance most of the sexually mature stripers already have spawned. 
Striped bass were first stocked in 
Lake Granbury in 1972. Male fish ma­ ture in two years but it takes females four years to reach sexual maturity. 
This is the first year a natural spawn of stripers could have been possible in the Brazos River. 
Mulford and other department bio­ logists say they cannot hope for a suc­ cessful natural spawn on the Brazos each year since a great deal depends on high flows of water. 

Texoma is two-license border lake 

DALLAS — The safest thing a fi­ sherman on Lake Texoma can do is buy both Texas and Oklahoma fishing licenses. 
The two states lack reciprocal fish­ ing license agreem ents, and state boundaries on the big lake can be confusing to anglers. 

A majority of Lake Texoma is in 
Oklahoma. The area immediately be­ low Denison Dam especially is confus­ ing, according to Texas Parks and 
Wildlife Department law enforcement officials. 
A Texas fishing license is valid on the south side of the river below the dam from the power plant east to 
Shawnee Creek. But an Oklahoma license is required to fish east of 
Shawnee Creek. 

Striped bass and hybrid white/ striped bass bag and possession li­ mits are the same between the two states, however. Currently the limit is three per day and six in possession on 
Lake Texoma. 
Buy I lie Yashkc i FR with action winder. 

 and well give you a $55 pro grip FREE. 

Just send us the proof-of-purchase Yashica FR* warrantee that com es with every Yashica FR and winder and we’ll send you the $55 professional grip FREE! 
Ifs our way of getting you to experience the thrill of Yashica motorized photography, dp to 2.5 shots per second. And that’s the fastest continuous winder on the market. The Yashica Action Win­ der is so light and compact, you'll wonder how you ever got along without it. 
■ Full Information Viewfinder 
■ Electromagnetic Release System 

RE Full range of 34 Yashica ML and 
Carl Zeiss T Star (T*) lenses. 
Yashica FR body with f/1.9 lens 

Sale Price * 279” 
FR Trademark is licensed by Cine Magnetics Inc. 
SAN ANTONIO CAMERA 
FOTO CENTER, INC. 
445 McCarty 
215 East Houston St. 
349-6o12 
227-8851 

)1—Deaths 

ANDERS lenjamin Rev Anders, of 478 E. zested St., entered rest on May 12, 
1977 at the age of 81 year*. Sur­ vived by wife. M rs 
Je ssie P. 
Seders; sons, Corf B.. Raymond lev and W. L. Anders; daughter, trs Ruby R. Payne; daughters 
[n-taw, Mrs. Opal Anders, Mrs. m an ila A n d e rs; son-in-law, 
'ran k P a y n e ; b rother, Boyd 
Vnders; sisters, Mrs, Belt Young jnd Mrs. Nettie Crowder; also tight g ran d child ren and five jreat-grandchlldren. Fu n e ra l services will be held 2:oo p.m. monday at Brookehiil Chapel with 
?ev. Claude Ellis officiating. In- lerment will follow in Mission Bu­ na! Park, South. Arrangements yith 
Hrankthill ll S. C. Military Dr, 
*23-7523. 

SB AR N lite 

{ B A R N E Y 
Col. John Coles B a r­ ney J r . , U .S . A rm y 
R et., 
4o, of l l ? 
... 
Wyndole, died May I? 
■Graduate al West Point Class of 
11941. Membet of Lebanon Leban 
Ion Lodge No. 22 AF&AM, Leban- 
|on, New Me* , San Antonio Con- 
Isistory, Scottish Rite Bodies and 
I Jam es B 
Spragu e M em o rial 
[Post, VFW. Survivors: Wife, Mrs. 
JLouise G Barney, San Antonio, 
■daughters, M rs. Ben (C a ro l! 
J House, Corpus Christi, Tex, Linda 
[Barn ey, Austin, Tex. Services 
J 12:3o p.m. Monday, May 16, Sun 
Iset Funeral Home, Chaplain Hoyt 
| a Dudley officiating Intermen* i f f Sam Houston National Ceme- 
Itery with Full Military Honors lf 
{friends so desire contributions fniay be made to the American 
[ Heart Association Visitation will 
[toe held at Sunset Funeral Home 
|<rom 2 to IO p.m. Sunday, May IS. 
SUNSET F Hom e 
17o1 Austin Hwy 828 2811 

B E L L 
Mrs. Georgia E. Bell, 75, of San 
Antonio died May 13th. Resident of San Antonio 7 years, member of 
Leon Spring s F irs t B ap tist 
Church S u rvivo rs: Daughter, 
Wilma M. Long, granddaughter, 
Billie Jo Tounzen, great grandson, 
Ronnie Tounzen, all of San An­ tonio. brothers, John W. Hill, San 
Antonio, Sol E. Hill, Carlisle, Ark., 
Henery 6. Hill, Lomoke, Ar., sis­ ters, Mrs. Ollie Shock, Lonoke, 
Ark., Mrs. Leona Shock, Conway, 
Ark., Mrs. Dorothy Saunders, 
Van Buren, Ark. Services I p.m. 
Monday M ay 14th., Roy Akers 
Funeral Chapels, Rev. Henry B. 
Talbott Sr., and Rev. Allen Cear- iev officiating. Interment North 
Mission Burial Park Pallbearers, 
A O. Long, Doyle A. Long, Curtis 
Dowdy, Howard B. M cllhenny, 
Ja m e s W. P ick e tt, H arold E . 
Newman, Art Jennings, Jess T. 
Heard. 

515 No. Main, 226-72o1 

191—-Deaths 

FLO R ES 
A nd rea R. F lo re s, 74, of 334 
Guanajuato ST passed away May 
13, 1977 af a local hospital. Ser­ vices are pending with 

T R EV IN O FU N ER A L HOME 
224 C U P P L E S RD 

FLO R ES 
Mr. Louis Flores, 271o Leal St., born in New Brsunfelt. Tex.# June 
I*. 1913 entered rest Frldov May 
13, 1977 at the age at 43 years. Mr. 
Flores had been a lifetim e re ­ sident of Son Antonio. Rosary will be recited In the Max Martinez 
Chapel Sunday May IS, at 7 OO 
P M. Reauiem Mass will be of­ fered Monday, May 14, at 13o 
P.M. from Christ The King Cath­ olic Church 241o Perez St with 
Rev. Law rence Matula officiat­ ing . Concluding services will fol­ low In Chapel Hill Memorial Park 
Survivors: Wife, Mrs. M ary F. 
Flores; daughter, Mrs. Erimdo T. 
Gutierrez both of San Antonio, brother, Mr. Pete Flores of San 
Jo s e C alif., 4 g ran d ch ild ren , nieces and nephews. Services under the direction of 

H A R G R O V E S 
>MRS. IL A B IH L 
H A R G R O V E S , 374 
Shelburn, born In 
Mason Co., Texas 
M arch l l , 19o9, entered rest 
Thursday May 12, 1977 af the age of 68 years. 
S ER V IC E S MONDAY 2:3o PM 
ALAMO C H A PELS with interment to follow in Sunset 
Memorial Park. Survivors: Hus­ band, Mr. Mitchel C. Hargroves, doughier, M rs Lloyd (Jo y c e ) 
Pike, Euaufa, Okie., brothers, 
Clarence Jones, Brady, Texas, 
Ivan Jones, City, Bill Jones. San 
Angelo, Texas, $ grandchildren, 
Diane, Lloyd, Clifford and Steven, 
3 great grandchildren Mrs. Har­ groves was a m em ber of the 
Baptist Church and has been a resident of San Antonio for the past 35 yrs. Services under the direction of a member of The 
Lelon Cude Family of 

225-5731 
T k t JfauKO 
731 
N. Alamo at Brot rooklyn 

EVAN S 
M/Sgt. Ja m e s Lofton E v a n s , 
USAF (R e t), 361 Longview Dr., passed away in a local hospital 
Thursday, May 12, 1977 at the age of 66 years. Survivors: Wife, Mrs. 
Dorothy Louise Evans; daughter, 
Mrs. Woodrow “ Dorothy” Weil, 
Converse; son, Jam es Michael 
Evans, City; grandsons, Jam es 
Woodrow and 
Robert 
Wayne 
Weil, Converse; sisters, Mrs. Al­ ma Webb, Litton Springs, Texas, 
Mrs. Judy Brackett, San Marcos, 
M rs. M ildred Anderson, C ity; brothers, Jeff Evans, Lockhart, 
Ben Evans, San Marcos, Dick and 
Bill Evans, City; numerous nieces and nephews. Services will be held from the Dellcrest Chapel 
Monday, May 16, at 1:15 p.m. with 
Rev. Je tt D. Brown officiating. 
The interment will follow in Ft. 
Sam Houston National Cemetery with Full Military Honors. Arran­ gements with 
Brllrrrgt 
2ooo So. W. W. White 
337-4o82 

SPEER S 
Chester W. Speers, of 746 Cotton­ wood Ave., passed away May 12, 
1977 at the age of 72 years. Sur­ vived by wife, Mrs. Leola Speers; son and daughter-in-law, C la r­ ence Speers and wife irene, also four grandchildren. Funeral ser­ vices will be held 8:15 a.m. Mon­ day at Brookehiil Chapel with 
Rev. Elm er Wehking officiating. 
Interment with m ilitary honors will follow in Fort Sam Houston 
N ational C em etery. 
A rra n ­ gements with 
HrnnktbiU 
/ll S. E. Military Dr. 

1o4—Funeral Directors 

Mtaaktbill 
711 S E. Military 
923-7523 
(Silk fille 
8o56 Fredericksburg 696-7ill 
Heller rot 
2ooo S. W.W. White 337-4o82 

H a lm H r ig ljtB 

3711 So. Zorzomoro 924-4568 

AVERY SPECIAL 

WARMTH. 

PORTER LORING 
MORTUARY 

 h o i M cCullough 

227-8221 

H O L L A N D 
Mrs. Mose (Ida Simon) Hilland, age 92, of Des Moines, Iowa, for­ m erly of 231 L a u re l H eights 
Place, San Antonio, died Friday, 
May 13 1977, in that city. She had resided in San Antonio from 1919 to 
1973, when she moved to Des 
M oines, 
Iow a. 
S u rv iv o rs : 
Daughter, Mrs. Raymond Brown, 
Des Moines, iowa; grandson, Ed ­ ward Brown, Bainbridge Island, 
W ash.; I great grandson; ne­ phew, M artin Holland, San An­ tonio. Graveside Service Sunday af ll :3Q at Beth El (Palm etto) 
Cemetery, Rabbi Samuel M. Stahl officiating. Arrangements with 

Porter Loring 
I tot M cC u llo u g h 227 *221 

H O LLA N 
Silas Si Honan, age 68, of Hot 
Springs, Ark., died Thursday, 
May 12, 1977 in Little Rock, Ark. 
He was a m em ber of Second 
Baptist Church of Hot Springs; president of KGUS Radio Station, 
Hot Springs; retired from Hot 
Springs J. C. Penny Company where he was manager from 1958 to 1969, lifetime member of H. C. 
S. C. Club for retired J. C. Penny associates; form er mem ber of 
R o ta ry Club for 2o y e a rs ; m em ber A rk an sas B ran g u s 
B re e d e rs ; m em ber of C a tt­ lem an's Association; a mason and sbriner and a veteran of WW ll. Survivors: Wife, Mrs. Ethyl 
Bosworth Hoilan, Hot Springs; daughter, M rs. W. F. C lard y, 
Little Rock; sister, Mrs. F. T. 
Nutsell, Corpus Christi, Tx.; 2 grandchildren. Graveside service 
Monday at 2 o'clock at Roselawn 
Memorial Park, the Rev. David C. 
Paul officiating. Those who de­ sire, may send memorial gifts to 
Leo N. Levi Hospital, Hot Springs, 
Ark. or St. Jude’s Hospital, Mem­ phis, Tenn. Arrangements with 

Porter Loring 
1 ioi McCullough 227-B221 

RAU 
Mrs Elizabeth Scholl Rau, age 57, of 5526 Merlin Dr., died Saturday. 
May 
14, 1977. Survivors: 
Son, 
David S. Holder, San Antonio; daughter, Mrs. Diane McGowan, 
Edina, Minn.; sister, Ms. Ja n e 
Scholl, Washington, D. C. Mrs. 
Rau w ill be sent to H ill and 
Fredericks Mortuary, Davenport, iowa, for service and interment in 
Memorial Park, Davenport, Iowa. 
Arrangements with 

Porter Loring 
I tot M cC u llo u g h 227 *221 

194—Funeral Directors 

Ai £ ROORtGUEZ 
FUNERAL HOME 
Pre-Need Arrangements 
511 Guadalupe St. 

2 2 6 - 6 1 1 1 

 m a r l i n e 

 off* ring fro*Arm ill* Fetter#* 
C##tz#cts towel tater#*# MW#* 

2 2 7 -6 2 8 1 

 t o * Part Kkrtwiry 
734-5313 

( t o | HW O n t o Uriem 
655.6411 

191— D e a th s 

HO W ARD 
Mrs Gladys jewel Howard, 76. of 
32o Taft Blvd , died May IO in 
Johnson County Hospital, Burle­ son- Tex. Resident of San Antonio 
45 y e a rs, m em ber of P a lm 
Heights Baptist Church, former member of Pruitt Ave. Baptist 
Church and a member of Amor lean Association of Rotired P e r­ sons. Survivors; Sons, Hugh H. 
Howard, Godley, Tex , Billy G. 
Howard, 
P a ra g o u ld , 
A rk ; brother, Bryan Morris, Somerset, 
Tex.; I grandchildren and 8 great grandchildren. Services IO a rn. 
Monday. May 16, Palm Heights 
Baptist Church, Rev. Earl John­ ston o fficiatin g . 
In te rm e n t 
Evergreen 
Cemetery, 
Devine, 
Tex. 

515 No. Main 
226-72o1 

H O W A R D 
Miss Lottie Howard, 79, of 324 
Kavton Ave., died May 13th., 1977 
Life resident of San Antonio 
M em ber of the F irs t B a p tis t 
Church having joined in 1913, 
Miss Howard was o leacher for the San Antonio Independent 
School D istrict for 49 years at 
Navarro NO. S. Member of Fidelis 
Matron Class for 5o yrs. Volun­ teer at the Baptist Memorial Ho spital for 12 y e a rs with 95oo 
Volunteer hours. Member of San 
Antonio Chapter No. 3 O. E. S. 
Survivors: Sister, Mrs. Marguer­ ite Gaffney, Grapevine, Tex., sis­ ter In law, Mrs. M. E. (Angie) 
Howard, San Antonio. Nieces, 
Mrs. Alice Bennett, San Antonio, 
Mrs. M yra Offenhous, Houston, 
Tex., Mrs. Ruth Cole, Ft. Worth, 
Tex., M rs. J . L. (A ngie) Wind- linger, Houston, Tex. Mrs. M. R. 
Howard, San Antonio. Numerous 
Grand Nieces and Nephews. Ser­ vices ll a.m. Monday May 16th„ 
Wilson Chapel of the First Baptist 
Church, Rev, L. D. Mahanoy and 
Rev. R. B. Cooper officiating. 
Interment Mission Burial Park. 
Pallbearers, Sam C. Bennett Jr., 
Sam C. Bennett, III, Jerome L. 
Wlndlnger, M. R. Howard Jr., N. 
R. Cole, Don E. Leo. 

515 No. Main 
226-72o1 

191—Deaths 

L IM O N 
Mr. Juan Limon Sr., I l l Langford born in McAllen, Tex., Jan . 27, 
1923 entered rest Wednesday May l l, 1977 at the age of 54 years. 
R o sary w ill be recited in the 
Chapel Of Roses at North Park 
Mortuary Sunday, May 15, at 7:3o p.m. Requiem Mass will be of­ fered Monday, May 16, at 9:45 a.m. from St. M a ry Magdalen 
Catholic Church, 171o Clower St. 
Concluding services will follow In 
F o rt Sam Houston N atio n al 
Cemetery. Survivors: Wife, Mrs. 
Mario Rosa Limon, daughters, 
Miss Diana Limon, Miss Brenda 
N orm a Lim on, sons, R au l R . 
Limon, Pedro J. Limon, Jorge E. 
Limon, Roberto R. Limon, Victor 
J. Limon; sisters, Maria L. Rey­ na, Manuela Limon, Guadalupe 
Reyna, Amelia Castanedo, Irmo 
Reed; brothers. Jo se Limon, 
Francisco Lied onday, ay , at 
Simon Limon. 13 grandchildren. 
Services under the direction of 
Hortljf Jfctrk 

M urtuanj 
511 Fredericksburg 
734-5313 

M A T Y E A R 
Mr. Martin Matyear Sr., 75, of HS 
S. Spring St., died May 13th, 1977. 
Life resident of San Antonio. Sur­ vivors: Wife, Mrs. Mary Matyear, 
San Antonio Sons, M artin Mo- tyeor Jr., Klamath Falls, Oreg. 
Robert Matyear, San Antonio. Wil­ liam M a tye a r, E l Paso, Tex. 
Daughters, Mrs. A. G. (M a ry 
Jane) Treff, Cotulla, Tex., Mrs. S. 
M. (Eleanor) Leal, San Antonio. 
B ro th e r, 
C h arles 
M a ty e a r, 
Sweeny, Tex. Sister, Mrs. A. C. 
(Margaret) Wilson, San Antonio. 
16 g randchildren and 5 great grandchildren. Services 2 p.m. 
Monday, May 16th., Roy Akers 
Funeral Chapels, Pastor Eld e r 
Mickan officiating. Interment Ro­ selawn M em o rial P a rk . P a ll­ bearers, Matthew Treff, Jim m ie 
Leal, Billy Matyear, Martin Leal, 
Allen Wilson, Arthur Wilson. 

515 No. M ain 
226-72o1 

MOCKERT 
M R S . 
M A R IE 
L O U IS E 
M O C K ­ 
E R T , born in L a ­ 
Grange, Texas Aug. 
4, 1878, entered rest Friday, May 
13, 1977 at the age of 98 years. 
MASS 
MONDAY—7:oo P.M. 
ST. 
M A RG A RET 
M A R Y ’S 
CHURCH 
1314 Fair Avenue with interment in San Fernando 
Cemetery No. 2. Survivors: Mrs. 
Pauline Ruhnke, M rs. Em m a 
Whittle and Mrs. Florence Jer- nigan. M r s. M o cke rt was a member of St. Margaret Mary's 
Church and has been a resident of 
San Antonio for the past 95 years. 
Services under the direction of a m em ber of The Lelon Cude 
Family of 

225-5731M IMBrooklyn 

 i i+4—Funeral Directors 

AMERICA’S FINEST FUNERAL FACILITIES 

Ala mo 

FUNERAL HOME 

211 Brooklyn at N. Alamo 
2 8 5 - 5 7 3 1 

J je L m 
C l u b \ ) c u n i. b j 

*A N G ELUS FU N ER A L MC­ 
H EN RY G U ER R A 
,6o2 W. Houston 
747-1461 

&outftfibc 

FUNERAL HOME 
63o1 S. FLORES 
922*6339 
Ed Squyres, Director 

MCmiARf iNc3,4m r 

Dedicated 
Service 
Since 1896 

227 3136 
Riebe-Saunders 
Chapels 

11119 ty. St. Mary's 

Serving your family with care and concern. 

FUNERAL CHAPELS 
SIS NORTH MAIN AVENUE 
226-72o1 

M IR A N D A 
A lb erta M ira n d a . 65, of Von 
Ormy, Texas, passed away Sat. 
May 14, 1977 at a local hospital. 
Services (sending with 

T R IV IN O F U N E R A L HOME 
226 C U P P L E S RD 

N IC K ELL 
Mr. Roy C Nickell Sr., $8, of 2)2 
Leslure Dr., died May 13th., 1977. 
Resident of San Antonio 3C years, member and Deacon of Lovera 
Baptist Church for ovor 2o vocrt. 
Survivors: W ife, Mrs. 
Lucille 
Nickell. Daughter, Miss Nancy 
Ann Nickel!, sons, Copt. Roy C. 
Nickel) Jr., Rev. Robert A. Nick ell, Jack W. Nicked, Jeffrey Scott 
Nickail, 6 grandchildren. Mother, 
Mrs. Katherine Nickell, sisters, 
Mrs. Ellen M at Johnson and Mrs. 
Mildred Cloud, all of San Antonio, brothers, L e s te r L. N ic k e ll, 
Cleburne, Tex., Carl M. Nickell, 
Burleson, Tex , Fred W. Nickell, 
Cotulla, Tex. Numerous nieces and nephews. Funeral Services 3 p.m. Monday May 16th., Lovera 
Baptist Church, 
Rev. Forrest 
Smith and Rev. Elm er Graham officiating. In term en t Sunset 
Memorial Park. 

515 No. Main 
226-72o1 

N O LLK A M PER 
Mrs. Mary Frances Noilkamper, 
43, of 7749 F. M. 1957, died May 
13th., 
1977. 
Resident of 
San 
Antonio 3>» years. S u rvivo rs: 
Husband, Elton T. (Dutchm an) 
N oilkam p er, 
San 
Antonio. 
Daughtor, Denise May Loiselle, 
San Antonio. Sons, Dennis R. Lot- selle. San Antonio and Kenneth F. 
Loiselle III, San Angelo, Tex , granddaughter, Kristi Anne Loi­ selle, Son Angelo. Tex brothels. 
Gene T. Cole, San Antonio, Bob L. 
Cole, Kansas City, Ran., sisters, 
Lou Ellen Whitfield, San Angelo, 
Tex., Lois Fleetwood, E l Paso, 
Tex., Services 3 p.m. Monday 
M ay 16th., Roy Akers Funeral 
Chapel, Dr. George Stewart of­ ficiating. Interment Chapel Hill 
Memorial Gardens. 

515 No. Main 
226-72o1 

OBREGON 
Mr. Cruz Obregon, 1o6 Shiner St., born In Eagle Pass, Tex., May 3, 
19o6 entered rest Thursday, May 
12,1977 at the age of 71 years. Mr. 
Obregon had been a resident of 
San Antonio for 4o years. Rosary will be recited in the Max Martin­ ez Chapel Sunday, May is, at 7:oo 
P.M . Requiem Mass will be of­ fered Monday, May 16, at 9:3o a.m. from Im m aculate Concep­ tion Catholic Church 314 Merida 
St., with Rev. David G arcia of­ ficiating. Concluding service will follow In Fort Sam Houston Na­ tional Cemetery. Survivors: Wife, 
M rs. H e rm in ie C. O bregon, daughters, M rs . Lee (M a r y ) 
Stewart, Mrs. Robert (Herminie) 
Villanueva, Mrs. Rudy (Aurora) 
Valdez, M rs. Ju a n (A n g ie ) 
Talamontez, Miss Rosie Obregon, 
Mrs. Rudy (G lo ria ) Elizondo; sons, Cruz Obrogon, Ambrocio 
Obregon, 
G ilb e rt 
O bregon, 
Johnny Obregon, Rudy Obregon, 
David Obregon, Tony Obregon all of San Antonio; brother, Genaro 
Obregon of Houston, Tex. 19 grandchildren. Services under the direction 
Mux M a r t i n # 
2o15 w. Martin 
227-62*1 

O B R IE N 
Mr. Jam es L. (Jim m y) O'Brien, 
44, of Gary, indiana, died May 
13th. Resident of Gary Indiana and a former resident of San An­ tonio, member of the Catholic 
C hurch. M r. O 'B rie n w as a professional golfer and a member of the PGA. Survivors: Wife, Mrs. 
G e n e vie ve C arn e si o B rie n , 
G ary, Ind iana. Sons, P a tric k 
O 'Brien, Connersville, Ind., M i­ ch ael O B rie n , G a ry , Ind. 5 grandchildren. Ro sary will be recited 8 p.m. Monday M arch 
14th., 
R oy 
A k e rs 
F u n e ra l 
Chapels. Mass IO a.m. Tuesday 
May 17th., St. Anthony De Padua 
Catholic Church. Rev. Edw ard 
Ball officiating, interment Holy 
Cross Cemetery. Pallbearers. Joe 
Conrad, Harold Blaybock, Jack 
Carney. Dr. William Glenn, Wally 
Koiadziei 
Sr., 
Ted 
Menefee. 
Honorary 
Pallbearer, 
Harvey 
Laudermilk. 

T ^ f l k * A 4 
515 No. Main 
226-72o1 

RICHBURG 
Mr. George M. Richburg, of 834 
Cottonwood, entered rest on May 
14, 1977 in a local hospital at the age of 69 years. Survivors: Son, 
George M. Richburg, Jr., Lytle, 
Texas, daughter, Mrs. Art (Betty) 
Engeiken, San Antonio, brother, 
Frank Richburg, Austin, Texas, sisters, M rs. W illis (Id a M ae) 
Smith, Lockhart, Texas and Mrs. 
Richard (Sarah) Mueller, Luling, 
Texas. Also, three grandchildren. 
Fu neral services w ill be held 
1o:3o a.m. Monday at Brookehiil 
Chapel. Interment will follow in 
Roselawn Memorial Park. Arran­ gements with 

HraakthiU 
711 S. E. Military Dr. 

SEA Y 
Mr. Talma Floyd Seov, 61, of 1o3 
Kilkenny, died May lith, 1977. Re­ sident of San Antonio 3o years, member of the Methodist Church, and 
V. 
F . 
W . 
S u rv iv o rs : 
Daughter, Doris Evelyn Howard, 
Haywood, Calif. Sons, Floyd and 
Danny Seay, both of San Antonio. 
Brothers, Duro Seay, Garland, 
Tex., A lbert Seay, Pittsbu rg , 
Tex., Henry Ford Seay, Garland, 
Tex. 9 grandchildren. Services 9 a.m. Monday, May 16th., Roy 
Akers Funeral Chapels, Eider A. 
S. Martin officiating. Interment 
Ft. 
Sam 
Houston 
National 
Cemetery. 

515 No. Main 
226-72o1 

SKIN N ER 
Addle Pauline (P o lly ) Skinner, age SI, of 214 Grecian Dr., passed away on saturday, May 14,1977 in a local hospital. S u rv iv o rs : 
Daughter, Colette L. Alvarado of 
San Antonio; sisters, Ju a n ita 
Frances Steen and Nan Duke, both of San Antonio; grandchildren 
Jesse Alvarado III, and Nathan 
Alvarado. Funeral services will be conducted Monday, May 16 at 
3: OO p.m. in Mission Park Funeral 
Chapel with Interment to follow in 
M ission B u ria l P a rk . A r r a n ­ gements by 

A 
MISSION P\KK 
FUNERAL CHAPELS 
17oo S E Military Dr. 

Call 
225-1666 

1o5 ■ CEMETERY - BURIAL IB IS 

'r M 
I l a W n m e m o r ia l p A r k 
Section IO, Lot IOO 
2 Gravel Lots, *25o each 
Current Value $345, Write 
E K Burch, 545o W Lunt 
Chicago, Illinois 4o646 
TWIN CRYP+5, Roselawn Pork, 
$12oo. Coll 433-6974. 

Sunset M em orial Park, spaces 
142, lot 374, SOCHOR 2o, *8oo 
I 5*2-1423, Earl Heytn, Gen. Del. 
Nixon, Tx. 7141o. 

•FOR S A L I: Beautiful Compan­ ion lots No.63, Section 14, Sunset 
M em o rial 
C e m e te ry. 
*9oo,V.Wright, 31 Juniper, Kerr- ville, Tx 78o28, or phone 696-4oo8" 
•TWIN C RYPTS, Roselawn Park, 
*12oo. Call 433-6974, 
* 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday May 15 1977 , * H 
Page I I -S 
—- r - — 
- 
.ar trrrr 
-a- ink nm r mm u-. i 
—• nu toe.. . 
. i 
.. 
* 

% ; v 

•- 
, 
WEESE 
CHARLIE MEYERS of San Antonio forces 
Midland's Joe Hernandez during Saturday’s game but his try for a double play failed. 

Campbell 
Canadiens win Cup 

BOSTON (AP) — Jacques Lemaire slammed home a pass from behind the net by linemate Guy 
Lafleur at 4:32 of sudden death overtime Saturday night, giving the Montreal Canadiens a 2-1 victory over the Boston Bruins and their 2oth Stanley Cup championship. 
The high-powered Canadiens, who lost only eight games in the regular season, retained the National 
Hockey League’s coveted trophy with a four-game sweep over the Bruins. 
The Canadiens completely dominated the over­ time, and their pressuure paid off when Boston defenseman Czary Doak made a fatal mistake. He kicked the puck from the corner to the area behind the Boston net, where Lafleur pounced on it and passed it out to Lemaire. 
Lemaire, who had given Montreal a 1-1 tie with a secondperiod goal, wasted little time in rifling a 
1o-footer into the Boston net for his seventh playofl goal. 
Bear star upset 

WICHITA FALLS (AP) - Baylor’s Danny Dobbs upset No. I seed and three-time champion Ross 
Walker, a Houston club pro, 6-3, 3-6, 6-4 here 
Saturday to advance to the semifinals of the loth annual Southwest Tennis Championships. 
Dobbs will play Pan American University’s Scan 
Sorenson in Sunday’s semifinals. Sorenson defeated 
Dennis McKeown of Midland College 6-4, 6-2. 
In the other quarterfinal matches, Ricardo 
Enyaudi of Pan American defeated University of 
Houston coach Lee Merry 6-1, 6-1 and Oklahoma City 
University’s Beeyong Sison defeated Houston’s 
Robert Buchalter 6-3, 6-3. 
In the women’s finals, Jana Hanks of Midland 
College defeated teammate JoAnn Hall 6-4, 6-2. 
The men’s finals will be held Sunday afternoon. 
Inspector dies 

AUSTIN (AP) — The state’s first woman boxing and wrestling inspector, 21-year-old Libbie Rice, died Friday in a fire in her north Austin apartment. 
Fire officials said the blaze was caused by a cigarette left burning on a couch in the apartment. 
Her fully-clothed body was found next to her bedroom door where she apparently fell after bein*, overcome by smoke from the blaze. 
Miss Rice was a secretary for the State Board of 
Labor and Standards and the first women to work as a part-time inspector for the board’s wrestling and boxing division. Her job was to certify that all participants were properly licensed and to double­ check gate receipts. 

H o r s * * R a c i n g 

SANTA F E DOW NS: 
Feature - Miss Susie King (526.2o). 
Roaring Cee, Pampered Princes. Six furlongs In 1:o9 2 - 5. 
AK-SAR-BEN: 
*25,ooo Ambassadors’ Handicap — Emerson J. 
(53o 2o), Eldorado Kid, J J. Bottle 
SU FFO LK DOWNS: 
Feature - Bert 8. Don (55.8o), Demon 
Flight, Fast Smile. One mile and 7o yords In 1:41 2 * 5. 
HOLLYWOOD: 
*44,5oo El Dorado Handicap — Bad 'N Big (54), 
Nordic Prince, Text. One mile in 1:35 I - 5. 
G O LD EN G A T E . 
Feature — Now Pending (54.6o), Latent 
Leaacv, Le Moulin. 8' z furlongs in 1:42 4 - S. 
RUIDOSO: 
Feature — Strate Miss (513), Trail Driver, Pirinceiy 
Song. Six furlongs in 1:14 4 • 5. 

T o n a l * 

T-BAR-M SEN IO R O REN 
At Northern Hills 
Results of Saturday * play In the T Bar-M Senior Open tennis tournament at Northern Hills Country Club: 
Men’s 35 Singles First Round: Junior Flores de*. Tom Smith, 6-3, 
6-o; Ed DeWees def. Don Novosad, 6-4. 6-4; Ed White del, Pat Tolar, 
7-5, 6-1; Rudv Davalos def. Claude Spence, 6-1, 6-1; Tom Holmes def. Robert Pearson, 6-1, 6-4; Byron King def. Seymour Palans, 6-1, 
6-2.; Je rry Angermon def. Hoi Martin, 6-1, 6-4 
Second Round; Tim 
Musgrave de* 
Flores, 6 o, 6-3; Ed White de*. DeWees, 6 I, 6-2; 
Davalos del. Holmes-, 6-3, 6-o; King def. Angermon, 4 6, 6 3, 6-4. 
Semifinal Pairings: 
9 a.m. Sunday: Musgrave vs. White; Davalos vs King. 
Men’s 45 Singles First Round: 
Dick Roberts def. Bill Troth, 6 3, 
6-2; Andrew Valencia def. John Machete, 6-1, 6-2; Hans Mangold def. Ed Liske, 6-2, 6-2; James Robinson def. Marvin Fletcher, 2-6, 
6-3, 6-4; John Wade def Sam Riklln, 7-5, 6-3, Berman Deffenbaugh, 
6-o, 6-1; Gene Slmaro def. Harlan Beach, 6 4, 6-1. 
Second Round: 
Roberts def. Valencia, 6 1, 6-o; Mangold aet. Earl Colburn, 6-o, 6 3; 
Robinson def. Wade, 6-7, 7-6, 6-4; Slmaro def. Deffecnboggh, 6-o, 6-1. 
Semifinals Pairings: at 9 a.m. Sunday: Roberts vs 
Mangold; 
Robinson tvs. Slmaro. 
M en’* 35 Doubles First Round: 
Ju n io r Flores and H arry 
Orthensarge def. Leo Rose and Bob Gurwitz, o-6, 6-4, 7-6, Pat Tolar and John Whitehurst def. Rec Shaw and Tom Holmes, 6-3, 6 4; Ed 
White and Jerry Angermon def. Bill Holmes and Joe Cowtfleid, 6-4. 
6-o; John Russel and Tom Porter def. Claude Spence and Robert 
Pearson, 6-3, 3-6, 6-1. 
Second Round: 
Rudv Davalos and Byron 
King def. Ed DeWees and Neal Carter, 6-o, 3-6, 6-o, Fiores-Orthen sar de*. Tolar-Whitehursf, 6-2, 1-6, 6-3; Whlte-Angerman def. 
Russell-Porter, 6-1, 6-o; Tim Musgrave and Jim Moses def 
Tom 
Smith and Don Novosad, 6-o, 6 1. B 
Semifinal Pairings ll a m. 
Sunday: Davalos-Klng vs. Flores Orthensarge; White Angermon vs. 
Musgrave-Moses. 
Men’s 45 Singles First Round: Gene Slmaro and Neat Gorier def. 
Earl Colburn and Berman Deffenbaugh, 6-1, 6-2; Morvln Fletcher and 
Bill Troth def. Andrew Valencia and Fred Jenkins, 6-4, 4-6, 6-4 
Secound Round: Rec Shaw and Olck Roberts def Berman Rose and 
John Machete, 6 o, 6-o; Simara-Corter def Fletcher-Troth, 6-4, 6-4. 
Final at 4 p.m. Sunday: Shaw Roberts vs. Slmaro vs. Carter. 
M EN N EN TEN N IS CLA SSIC 
At Morris Township N .J. 
Doubles finals. Arthur Ashe-Fred M cNair def. Stan Smith-Bob 
Lutz, 1-6, 6-3, 6 4. 

K in s«»I>h II 

A M ERIC AN LE A G U E 
EAST w 
L 
Pct 
GB 
Baltimore 
16 ll 
593 
New York 
17 12 
.586 
Boston 
15 13 
536 
I 1 
Milwaukee 
16 16 
5oo 
2 J 
Detroit 
13 17 
473 
4’ 2 
Toronto 
14 19 
424 
5 
Cleveland 
West ll 
18 
.379 
6 

Minnesota 
21 ll 
656 
— 
Chicago 
2o ll 
645 
' I 
Kansas City 
17 15 
531 
4 
Texas 
IS 
14 
.517 
4! z 
Oakland 
16 16 
.SOO 
5 
California 
14 18 
438 
Seattle ll 
25 
,1o6 12 
Friday’s Games 
Kamos City 3. Texas 2 
Minnesota 4. Toronto 3, ll innings 
Chicago 5. Cleveland 3 
Milwaukee 9, Detroit 3 
Boston 7, Seattle 6 
Baltimore 5. Oakland I 
New York 3, Californio, o 
Saturday's Games 
Chicogo I*, Cleveland 2 
Minnesota 13, Toronto J 
Detroit 3. Milwaukee 2 
Baltimore 2, Oakland o 
Kansas City 6, Texas o 
Boston at Seattle, (n) 
New York at Californio, (n) 
Sunday'* Games 
Cleveland (Garland 1-4) al Chit ago (Brett 4 7) 
Toronto (Garwin 5-o) at Minnesota i Reciter n I .1) 
Texas (Briles 2 o) at Kansas City (Splltforff I 3) 
Detroit (Sykes o I and Roberts 3-4) at Milwaukee 
(Slaton 1-3 and Augustine 3-4) 
New York (Torrez 3-1 > af California (Tanana 5 I) 
Baltimore (Grimsley 3 2) ai Oakland (Langford 
3-1) 
Boston (Wise 1-2) al Seattle (Montague 3 3) 

NATIONAL L E A G U E 
East w 
L 
Pct 
GB 
Pittsburgh 
21 
9 
7oo 
— 
St Louis 
2o ll 
645 
I t 
Chicogo 
17 ll 
6o7 
3 
Philadelphia 
15 13 
536 
Montreal 
13 14 
481 
6'» 
New York 
West ll 
IV 
167 IO 

Los Angeles 
25 
7 
781 
Cincinnati 
13 ie 
419 l l' I 
San Francisco ll 
IS 
419 l l 1 ; 
Houston 
13 tv 
4o6 
12 
San Diego 
14 21 
4oo 12’ 
Atlanta 
Friday’s Games 
9 74 
7/3 16' 2 

Chicago 5, Montreal 3 
St Louis 3, Atlanta o 
New York 3, Los Angeles o 
Cincinnati 6, San Francisco 4 
Philadelphia 5, San Diego 4 
Houston 3, Pittsburgh o 
Saturday 's Games 
Los Angeles 5, New York 4 
Chicago 6, Montreat 3 
San Francisco 4, Cincinnati 3 
Philadelphia v. San Diego 5 . 
St Louis 7, Atlanta 6 
Pittsburgh 6, Houston 2 
Sunday's Games 
Chicago (Krakow 2 7 and Burris 4 4) at Montreal 
(Slanhouse 3 4 and Brown I 2) 
San Diego (Jones 3-4) ot Philadelphia (Carlton 
4 1) 
Los Angeles (Hootan 3 I) at New York (Seaver 
4 2) 
San Francisco (M cGlolhen 2 3) at Cincinnati 
(Nolan 1-o) 
St Louis (Dennv SO) at Atlanta (NiekroO 7) 
Pittsburgh (Rookcr 4 1 at Houston (Richard 2 3) 

T EX A S L E A G U E 
West Division w 
L 
Pct 
GB 
1 1 Paso 
15 
8 
65? _ 
Midland 
12 13 
48o 
4 
Amarillo 
12 1J 
48o 
4 
San Antonio 
IO 
East Division 
IS 
4oo 
6 

Shreveport 
19 
8 
.7o4 
Jackson 
13 14 
481 
6 
Arkansas ll 
17 
393 
81/7 
Tulsa ll 
17 
,393 
H1 2 
Friday's Games 
Amarillo 8, El Paso 4 
Midland 6, San Antonio I 
Tulsa 9, Arkansas * 
Shreveport 3, Jackson I 
Saturday's Games 
San Antonio 5, Midland 4 
Tulsa 3, Arkansas 2 
Amarillo at El Paso 
Shreveport at Jackson 
Sunday's Games 
Amarillo al El Paso 
Midland at San Antonio 
Shreveport at Jackson 

Here are the final season statistical leaders for toe Trinity baseball learn, which finished with an 
18-28 record. 
BATTING 
John Kaufman (34 125) .272, Jim 
Summerset! (21-8o) .263; Frank Oakes (38 145) 
267, Ruben Lozano (36 ISO) .24o. Team: 232 
D O U BLES: Oakes 8, Summerset! 5, Kaufman 4, 
Lozano 4, Sergio Trevino 4 
T R IP L E S : 
Kaufm an, Oakes, Lozano, Kart 
Theis, Rich Sauilla, one each. 
H O M ERUN S: Oakes 5, Kaufman 2, Hector Ro­ driguez 7, four ties with one each 
RUNS SCORED: Oakes 28. Rodriguez 26, Lozano 
19, Summerset* 16, Kaufman 15. 
RUNS BA T T ED IN: 
Oakes 19, Kaufman 16, 
Lozano 14, Rodriguez 13, Summerset! and Trevino 
IO. 
STO LEN B A S E S : 
Oakes 23, Lozano 14, Ro­ driguez IO, Thels and Trevino 8. 
EA R N E D RUN A V E R A G E : 
(minimum 25 In nings) Pat Walsh 2.66; Darrell Dullnig 3 ll; Rob 
Ahrens 3 46; Eddie Weiss 4 41; Ja y Moritz 4,8o. 
Team: 4.o9. 
WON LOST P E R C E N T A G E : 
Weiss (3 2) .6oo; 
Dullmo (4 3) .571; Walsh 9(4 6) .4oo; Bill Rousseau 
(2-3) .4oo; Montz (3 5) .375. 
ST RIK EO U T S: 
Walsh SB Innings 59 s tra to u s strikeouts; Ahrens 54.2 44, Moritz 54.1-32; Dullnig 
34,2 23; welss 34.2 19 

N O RTHW EST A M A TEUR 
Sunday at Holy Cross: 17, Randolph vs South west Dodgers; 2:15, Randolph vs 
Southwest 
Dodgers; 5, Denver Bears vs Soto Cafe. 
ALAMO CITY L E A G U E 
Games at Central CYO: 11:3o a.m. — City 
Tranemtsslon vs, Newbv's; 2 p.m. - Brentwood 
B eer Box vs. Doyle's Billiards; 4 p m. — Rudy’s 
Lounge vs. La Fuenle Ballroom, 
SPAN AM LEA o U E 
At Spencer Field ll a m. — Bilbrev Lumber Co. vs. Roger '* ire 
House; 2 p.m. — Alamo Enterprises vs. Roger s ice House; 5 p.m. — Little Red Barn vs, Jimenez 
Foods. 

C O LLEG E B A S E B A L L 
NAIA District 8 Playoffs 
At Arlington 
Texas Westevan 12. Prairie View 5, ll Innings, 
(Prairie View eliminated) 
Lubbock Christian 12, Texas Wesleyan 7, Texas 
Weslevan eliminated Lubbock Christian advances to Area ll Tournament beginning next Wednesday lr? Huntsville.) 

T r a < 
* k 

LAS COLONIAS MARATHON 
This third annual event will be held Saturday, 
May 28, starting at 6:3o a rn at Pablo's Grove City 
Pork. There will be six divisions, Including one for women. The entry fee is *3 prior to May 16 and 55 thereafter. For Information, call 227.5271 

I f l o r M 
* H a r i n g 

HAW THO RNE 
*34,1oo Galafete Handicap *» 
Regal Rumor (53.8o), Kittyiuck. M ickey’s Gal. Six and one half furlongs In Is l l 35. 

C A LD ER : 
528,5oo 
Palmetto 
Handicap 
— 
Dominion (53.8o), Lightning Thrust. Key Baby. 
One and one sixteenth miles In 1:42 IS 

P IM L IC O : 
*87,5oo Dixie H an dicap •* Im ­ proviser (55 6o1. Grey Beret, Oilfield. One and one-halt miles in 2.29 25. 
ATLANTIC CITY: *25,ooo Cavalcade Hanclacap 
*- • Won t Fool <53 4o), Nearly On Time, AH Oop 
Seven furlongs In 1:22 15. 

L O U IS IA N A D O W N S. 
Fe atu re - Speedy 
Beulah (55 4o), Maria M., Onion Creek. Six fur­ longs in 1:14. 
HAZEL P A R K : 
526,55o Green and White Han­ dicap — Colonel Power (57 6o), Private Thoughts, 
Strike-the-Anvil. Six ond one-half furlongs in 1:16 
4/5. 

B a n k e t b a ll 

Notional Basketball Association 
5emifinois 
AH Times COT 
Best-ot-Seven 
Friday's Games 
Philadelphia 1o7, Houston 95, Philadelphia leads series 3-1. 
Portland 1o5, Los Angeles 1o1, Portland wins series 4-o. 
Sunday * Games 
Houston at Philadelphia, 12:3o p m. 
Tuesday’s Game x-Philodelphio af Houston, 8 p.rn. 
Thursday, May 19 x-Houston at Philadelphia, 7 p.m. x lf necessary 

B a s e b a l l 

DISTRICT 28-AA . 
Somerset 
oo5 o1o o ~ 6 
6 
8 
Medina Valiev 
SSI o3o x — 14 ll 
5 
Pena, Taylor (5) and Gomez; Paul Holzhaus and Frankie Kempt. HR - Medina Valley, Fran­ kie Kempt (I), three run in sixth. 
Highlights: 
Frankie Kempt of Medina Valiev had four R B Is to lead the Panthers to their one sided victory. Somerset also aided the MV cause, contributing eight errors. 

NORTH a m e r ic a n SOCCER LE A G U E 
Atlantic Conference 
East 

Tampa Bav 
Cosmos 
Ft Lauderdale 
Washington 
North 

West 

St Louis 
Toronto 
Rochester 
Connecticut 
Chicago 

Dallas to* Angeles 
Hawaii 
Las Vegas 
San Jose 

Portland 
Minnesota 
Seattle 
Vancouver 
Wednesday’s Games 
Cosmos 2. Chicago I 
Minnesota 3. toronto I 
Portland I, St I outs o IO *) 
Friday % Gomes 
St Louis I, Las Vegas o 
Tampa Bav 4 Connei lieut o 
Hawaii i. Dallas 2 O I 
Saturday's Game 
Portland at bon .lose 
Sunday 's Games tampa Bav at Connecticut 
Chicago at Rochester 
I as vegas at toronto 
Fart Lauderdale at Cosmos seattle at Washington 
Minnesota at Los Angeles 
Dallas at Vancouver 

 w 
L 
GF 
GA 
BP 
Pl 
I 
14 
3 
12 
4? 
4 
I? 
IO 
I? 
36 
4 
I 
IO 
6 
9 
33 
3 
5 
5 
17 

3? 
4 
3 
7 
IO 
8 
I 
19 
I 
3 
2 
6 
2 
8 
o 
4 
3 
13 
3 
o 
6 terence 
4 
14 
4 
4 

4 
J 
12 g 
I? 
36 
4 
I 
13 
IO 
34 
4 
4 
9 
16 
9 ll 
4 
2 
4 
7 ll 
7 
IO 
7 
25 

9 
9 
9 
77 
3 
7 
J 
J 
3 
5 
5 
S 
17 
1/ 

 l l o r l i r v 

W ORLD HO CKEY ASSOCIATION 
P l A YO FFS 
All Times COT 
Finals 
•est-ef-ieven 
Sunday s Game 
Winnipeg at Quebec, 7 p.m .; Winnipeg leads series I O 
Wednesday, May IS 
Quebec at Winnipeg, 8 p m 
Friday, May 2o or Saturday, May 2! x Quebec al Winnipeg, 8 p rn 
Sunday May 22 x Winnipeg at Quebec, / p rn 
Tuesday, May 24 x Quebec at Winnipeg, it necessary 

NATIONAL HOCKEY L E A O U E 
PLA Y O FF S 
Finals 
Satin day 
Montreal 2, Boston I, OF; Montreal wins cham­ pionship series 4 o 
Tuesday, May 17 
• Boston at Montreal, 7 p rn 
Thursday, May 19 x Montreal at Boston, 7pm 
Sunday, May 21 x Boston at Montreal, 7 p iii x lf necessary 

T o n a l * 

W O RLD TEA M T EN N IS 
Eos! 
W L Pct. G B 
Boston 
8 
I 
889 
New York 
4 
2 
667 
7' : indiana 
6 
4 
6(1o 
J* I 
The Soviets 
I 
I 
IOO 
51 2 
Cleve Pit! 
J 6 
IJJ 
5' ) ' 
West 
Sea Port 
5 
2 
714 
Phoenix 
5 
7 
714 
Golden Gate 
4 
J 
571 
I 
San Dingo 
7 
5 
.286 
I 
Los Angeles 
I 
9 
IOO 
5'.- 
Thursday’* Matches 
Phoenix 26, Los Angelos 2o 
Cleve PIM 27, ban Dleoo 26 
Boston 79, New York 75 
Friday'* Matches 
Cleve Pin 28, Los Angeles 75 
Phoenix 22, Golden Gale 71 
Saturday's Matches 
Soviets al San Diego 
Cleve PMI a1 Phoenix 
Baston al New York 

( p o l l * 

OAK H ILLS 
Third round results of the Men's Club Cham­ pionship 
Championship Flight — Rick Goerge* 
Met 
Dick Stew art 2 I; Bd! Gibson del 
C arl bchenken 6-5, Ace Leske dei Harris Connell I up, 
Ford White del Jerry Jaeckle 5 4. First Flight — 
Alvite Beal del Jim Hornby I 2; Everett Cuughev del Jack Sommer 2 1; Merle Boeck del 
Herby 
Karr en I up, lei Forester del I es Croucher 5 4, 
First flight Consolation — David McMahon dei 
Dick Reiner I up; Gus Taute dirt Tom Wakeiv I up Ion McNab def Je rry Relder I up; Don Miller def Roger Zeller I up Second Flight — 
George l ong del 
L D 
Roberts 2 1; Stun Karotkin def 
Stanley Pisano 6 5, Second Flight Consolation — 
Bill Randolph dot Dick Riggs 3 I; Woody McGill del 
Nick M cFadln 6-5. Third Flight - H arry 
Posen def 
Frank Manupeill 2 1; Conway Craig de* Jim Wiggins I up. 
SC R A M B LE R S 
Team Play: Grog Soto, Gil Perez, Jesse Marlin- et, Arthur Acosta, 3; Individual IG - Gil Perez. 
81; LN — - Emet Pelavo, 89 2o- 69 
SACC 
Semifinals of club tournament — Championship 
Blight: Mike Fl*i her del Travis Bailey Jt . I up. 
Dr. George Case riel Rick Littleton. ,i and 2; final will be held Sunday at I p rn Laurel Flight; Elkin 
Mc Doughy del 
Dr. Jam es Huff, I up, Waller- 
Dunlap de* Bill Holmes, 5 and 4, final will be held 
Sunday at 12 45 p rn 
SAGA M E M B E R S H IP TOURN the tourney, which was postponed lost week, w ill be held M onday al Seguin’* C h ap arral 
Country Club. Late entries can be made bv calling 
658 5511. 
C A R P E N T E R 'S 
L.C 
Bernie, Mike Cantu, Paul Guerra, Jock 
Hayden 42, Donnie Newman, Eddie Guerra, Sam 
Lewellen. C O. Smith 42. Abel Btrlonga, Al Bet! ley, Jock Campbell, Bob McCullough 44 
Mike 
Stryker scored a hole-ln-one on the 45 yard No. 5 hole. He used a nine iron. 

N O RTHERN H ILLS W OMEN 
Results after second of three days of the 
Northern Hills Ladies Club championship 
Donna Petty 13o; Coleen Buntyn 135, Daisy 
Mulhern 138; Mattie Lu Starnes 138; Ned Bonnet! 
138 

B A LT IM O R E (A P ) — Saturday * second round scores In the *55,ooo Greater Baltimore Golf Clastic on the por 73 73— 146 Pine Ridge Golf Course: 

Silvia Bertolacclnl 
Jane 
Blalock 
Joyce 
Kozmierski 
Beth 
E. 
Solomon 
Sandro 
Palmer 
Takoko 
Klvomoto 
Betty 
Burfelndt 
Jo 
Anne 
Corner 
Marlene 
Floyd 
Cathy 
Mont 
Judy 
Meisfer 
Renee 
Powell 
Pam 
Higgins 
Susie 
McAllister 
Kathy 
Whitworth 
Sandra 
Burns 
Carol 
Moon 
Diane 
Patterson 
Kathy 
PosMewalt 
Married 
Wilkins 
Debbie 
Austin 
Marlene 
Hagge 
Debbie 
Ma ssev 
Penny 
Pull 
Sandra 
Souiich 
Dorothy 
Germain 
Shelley 
Hamlin 
Beverly 
Riots 
Jerilyn 
Brltz 
Choko 
Hiouchi 
Debbie 
Melsteriin 
Judy 
Rankin 
Alexandra 
Reinhardt 
Debbie 
Rhodes 
Debbie 
Skinner 
Hollis 
Stacey 
Donna 
Caponl 
Young 
Kathy 
Ahern 
Mary 
LOU 
Crocker 
Bettsv 
Cullen 
Christi 
Postore 
Michelle 
Walker 
Shinako 
Yoshimochl 
Jocelyn 
Bourassa 
Janet 
Coles 
Catherine 
Duggan 
Patty 
Hayes 
Judy 
Kimball 

69 71-14o 
69 72-141 ll 71-142 
73-69-147 
73 7o-143 
72 72-144 
71 74-145 
7o 75-145 
71 74-145 
71-74-145 
7? 73-145 
73 77-145 
/J 7J— 146 
77 69-146 
75-71-146 
73 74-147 
76 71-147 
73 74 -147 
73-74—147 
75 72-147 
73 75-148 
71 77-148 
76 72-148 
73 75-148 
74 74-148 
71 78-149 
77 72-149 
76 73-149 
77 73-15o 
74 76-15o 
75 75-15o 
75 75-15o 
77 7J-15o 
77 73-15o 
76 74-15o 
77/3-15o 
78 72-15o 
77 74- 151 
77 74-151 
79-72—151 
78 73-151 
76-75-151 
76 75-151 
77 75-152 
73 79-152 
77-75-152 
74 78-152 
78 74-152 

A u l a 
H a r i n g 

ALAMO ORAGWAY 
Results from action at Alamo Dragwov Saturday night: 
Modified Eliminator: 
Adolph Zuehl, 15 o6 seconds, 66 o4, MPH. 
Super Stock Jesse Valdez, 
12 98, 1o6.12 
Super: 
Manuel Bradley. 13.72, 83.3. 
Slock. 
Frank Berrera, 16.47, 69,o 
Trophy: 
Morris faunal, 13 72. 
Cvlg: 
Wade Jacoby, 11.o9 

 indv 5oo Lineup 

IN D IA N A P O L IS (A P ) — Her# ll the partial, tentative list of qualifiers for the May 29 Indian­ apolis SOO, based on fourtap average speeds. 
First Row 
1 
Tom 
Sneva, 
Spokane, 
W ash ., 
McLaren-Cosworth, 198.884 m.p.h. 
2 Bobby Unser, Albuauerque, N.M., Romltn Of- fenhouser, 197.618. 
3. Al Unser, Albuauerque, N.M.. Parn#lli-Cos- worth, 195.95o 
Second Row 
4. A.J. Fovt, Houston, Coyote Fovf, 194,563. 
5. 
Gordon 
Johncock, 
Phoenix, 
WHdcotDGS, 
193.517. 
6. Mono Andretti. Nazareth, Pa., McLaren-Gus worth, 193.351. 

 l.t.t t t 

 wmmrn 

ALBERTSONS 
DRUGS & FOODS ., 

SUPER COUPON 
COUPON PRS <& 

OW EN S REGULAR OR HOT 
2 LB. ROLL, $2 35 
LB 
ROLL 

DISPOSABLE DOUCK 
MASSENGIL 
IN YOUR CHOICE 
OF FLORAL OR 
HERBAL SCENTS 

CLIP and SAVE 

USD A GRADE A 
CUT UP 5 5 LB 

CLOVERS 
G ERM AN BRAND 

OSCAR MAYER MEAT, 
BEEF OR SQUARE 

ECKRICH FULLY COOKED, 
REG OR BEEF 

WHOLE 
LB. 

. 
LB 

8 
O Z 
PKG. 

‘“W ’V- .‘'■'I- 
'' &£iA 

SAUSAGE 
FRYERS 
FRANKS 
SLICED BOLOGNA 
SMOKED SAUSAGE 
CATFISH STEAKS 
CORNED DOGS 
SLICED CHEESE 
SLICED BEEF LIVER 
SMOKED PORK CHOPS ® *= ’ I6' 
BONELESS H A M S ™ 3” 
.*2“ 

~ • - - . O * 
- . - * • • ' 

‘ , x 
• v V . 

M 
N 
K 
I 
< : v < '' 
' > ^ 

- __ v(. 
_ ' ••• 
_ 

"y.r'4V-' 

*js«as«s 

FRESH 
WATER 

STATE FAIR, 
HEAT & SERVE 

BORDEN S AM ERICAN 
SINGLE WRAPPED SLICES 

N O CHUNKS, 
EVEN SLICES 

OZ. 
PKG 

12 
OZ. 
PKG 

LB. 

LB 
J k 
" I I H 
I 
I 
I t 

* 
' 
■ ' 
' 
< 
, w f • 
§ * J ? I 

J 1 1 B i I I S J * I * 
I 

L : I „ "■ '•* l f ^ 

■s'1' y 

I 
* 
' ! l f t * . J J f 3 t» 

. s.$- 

COLD-COUGH CAPSULES 
DIMACOL 
12 FOIL SEALED 
CAPS FOR RELIEF 
4 OF COLD SYMPTOMS 

UltiiMlllUiLUlllllUliimiullliniiiimiiijiiiltUiiJiiillllllllUlimilllUmUiLititiiilUJLliii 
CLI Rand SAVE 

SUPER COUPON 

IP 

D 
O 
N 
U 
T 
S 
£ 99' 
TATER GEMS— 
Z I A 59* 
MIXED VEGETABLES"— 
3s.‘ l 
STEAK DINNER— ” - — 
£ ‘4‘9 

 f K - i 

DE LICA TESSEN 
"FRIED CHICKEN TO GO” 
OOUNM BROWN 
8 PIECES FRIED CHICKEN 
ORVAL KRUT 
~ A 
A 
A 
I PT. COLE SLAW 
$ 9 “ 
4 DINNER ROLLS r 
L 

DECKER ALL MEAT BOLOGNA 
- 99* 

MINUTE MAID 
LEMONADE 

RINK Off R8oULAR 

 rLADY SCOTT BATHROOI 
TISSUE 

MUNTS AND TINTS 

SMUCKERS 
JELLY 

O RAM 

THERAPEUTIC 
KERI LOTION 
2o OUNCE SIZE 
LOTION FOR 
DRY SKIN CARE 

SHORTENING 
CRISCO 

GUSS CLEANER 
WINDEX 

. 
‘ 

CLIPandSAVE 

SUPER COUPON I 

ONE STOP SHOPPING FEATURES 
[A COMPLETE PHARMACY DEPT. 
IN EVERY STORE! 
(•COMPARE THE SERVICE ^COMPARE THE SAVINGS 
•COM PARE THE QUALITY 

M M U i m t w a t ? 

I 

" 
SOLID ANTIPERSPIRANT 
IAL VERY DRY] 

 l l 2.S OUNCE SOLID 
ROLL-UP. SCENTED, 
I 
UNSCENTED.HERBAL 

E E I 
W 
D R * 

 mn 

P 
O 
H 
ORANGES 

PEAS 
AftlSAUCE 
BREAD 
CRACKERS 

M N ff UU 

OROWiA t 
(1ooS WHOit WMW! 

KHOU* TOWMHCMiSf 

♦ • • B B B B * b b 
B D * • i 

« Q K * 
A B B . 
3a *1 
3a*l i55* i€9* 

CALIFORNIA 
SUNKIST NAVEL 
HIGHLY 
NUTRICIOUS 

LBS. 

M i Hill 

TOMATOES ................................................... CARTON 49* 
LEAF LETTUCE 
3«»U 
AVOCADOS “oom * 
.“ .........................» 39* 
NAPPA CABAGE ~ — 
..................- 29* 
ARECCA PALM— 
12.95 

B la m , 
CUPCAKES 

< M , 

ASSORTED 
ICED 
FOR 

LEMON MERINGUE LARGE 8 " SIZE 
PIES 
FRENCH BREAD 
BROWNIES 

RA. 

H A W OR 

888o8o 
OX. ^ 
LOA VSS 

CHOCOLA TI PU DOI 

B B O P B B B B B B 

SUPER COUPON 

■ g u u a i p i p , 
N M P # * 1 

SHELL SPRAY 
6 

ORTHENE 

15 *4 OZ. SPRAY 
WITH CHILD- 
PROTECTOR CAP 

KILLS ANTS & 
ROACHES FAST! 

GARDEN INSECT 
CONTROL. ONE 
PINT YIELDS 
UP TO 32 

GALLONS! 

Cacti 

 avwtaMtl th e , 
Albert*, 

** stH sur,''i* n< M 
W 
M 
R m<ch*nQMWQ my *a- 
*on ut rn RA ■ Mock i 
Rain c J B T 
■ 
^ O A n g j g B |ft f e rn, Atm 
*' lh* a * W i W > « S M j won a ,f 
■ 

»on Nan) 

OUTBOARD 
MOTOR OIL 
HEAVY DUTY 

FOR OUTBOARD 
MOTORS. BY 
AMALIE 
ONE I 
QT. I 
SPRINKLER 

MODEL N-2oo 
RAINTRAIN 
TRAVELING 

SPRINKLER 
BY NELSON 

BOLD 

POWDERED DETERGENT] 
49 OUNCE PACKAGE 
■ A l # 
LIQUID DETERGENT 
J 
I 
I 
Y 
22 OUNCE BOTTLE 

3 CONVENIENT LOCATIONS 

IH 41o AT BANDERA ROAD 

5 7 o 7 B A N D E R A R D . • 6 8 4 - 8 8 5 2 
WEST AVENUE AT BLANCO 

1 1 7 4 3 W E S T A V E N U E • 3 4 9 - 5 2 8 7 
WALZEM RD. AT MIDCROWN 

5 5 3 8 W 
A L Z E M R O A O • 6 5 6 - 4 2 o o 

WEARE 
OPEN 24 
HOURS A DAY 
7 DAYS 
AWEEK. 

 t 
> r 

San A n to n io E X P R E S S - N i W S f - Su " < *a v . M a y I S , 1 9 7 7 
Poq# U t 

'lilllllK T F iiillii 

SsVv\\\\SWV»l IM. 

"r '/my,///, my/////*, '/m y//, y/s/f/lZ'iirA 

D on’t worry if you can’t see it from here. That’s what makes it nice living at Chase Hill. 

I’m surrounded by acres of open hill country. Miles of cedar and oak. And oceans of quiet. I jog in it. Hike in it. And bike all around it. 

When I want to be by myself. 

When I want to be surrounded by smiles and bikinis, however, I just hang around one of Chase Hill’s pools. With all the other people who want things like dishwashers and disposals and shag carpeting. 
Just as long as Loopworld’s noise and rush-hour traffic don’t come with them. 

D on’t get me wrong, though. 
W e’re not exactly at the ends of the earth around here. UTSA’s only a five minute walk away. And of course, my job at the Medical 
Center’s right nearby, too. 

That gives me a chance to rise and shine a little later in the morning. Which is great. I may live in the country. But there are some city habits FII never give up. 

 r n 
CHASE HILL 
APARTMENTS 
Way up and above what the city has to offer. 

Out IH low est to 16o4 and look for the signs. 
158o1 Chase Hill 
695-8812 

UNITED 

HOME RENTALS 

Largest placement service 

 in Texas, lf you'd rather 

 have a house call United 

 with the largest selection 

 of rentals in all the S.A. 

 area. Hundreds of vacan­ 

 cies to choose from daily. 

Open 7 days a week 9-9. 

Call 735-9121 or come by 

44o4 San Pedro. 

CLASSIFIED D ISPLAY 

Justover 
.the hill is where 
Hive. 

Sunflower suits most everyone 

The Sunflower A part­ m ents get w inning re ­ marks from its residents. 
Answers to “ What do you like best about The 
Sunflower?” range from w asher - dryer connec­ tions to a light - hearted 
“ the project’s proximity to Last National Bank.” 
The Sunflower is located at 2554 N.E. Loop 41o between Starcrest Drive and the Old Austin High way (U.S. Hwy. 81). 
The home laundry con­ nections is just one of the a p a rtm e n ts’ features that come in for praise. 
Many, according to the popular opinion, appre­ ciate most their attractive kitchens with top-of-the-line ap ­ pliances. Still others like best the individually controlled air condition­ ing and heating and the fact that all utility bills are paid. 
Everyone also had good words for the decorating schemes: the rich, warm colors of carpets, cabin­ ets and countertops and the unusual wallpapers. 
Floor plans at The 
Sunflower include one - bedroom plus study, two 
- bedroom / two - bath and three - bedroom un­ its. 
The project is divided into adult and fam ily sections, each with its own sw im m ing pool. 
T h ere’s also a play­ ground and a 
Teen 
Room, as well as a beautiful clubhouse that includes a kitchen, wet bar, pool table, TV room and a conversation area. 
To see The Sunflower 
A partm ents and fu r­ nished models, exit N.W. 
Loop 41o at S tarcrest 
Drive and take the east - bound service road. 

CLASSIFIED D IS P L A Y 
CLASSIFIED D IS P L A Y 
CLASSIFIED D IS PLA Y 
CLASSIFIED D IS P L A Y 
CLASSIFIED D ISPLA Y 
CLASSIFIED D IS PLA Y 

Chase Hill address built near university 

The first complete apartment community next to the UTSA campus, Chase Hill, will be in the spotlight this weekend. 
The community is serenely secluded in the actual Texas Hill Country, which, by itself, yields a num ber of desirable extras like scenic views from patios or balconies, peace­ ful atmosphere, country quiet and, certainly not the least, refreshing, cooling breezes. 
Advantages 
But there are only the advantages of Chaise 
Hill’s rustic setting, since the community, its apartments and strategic location reveal how this project was able to improve on what already was there. 
Chase Hill is just a pleasant walk from the 
UTSA campus. .The project, then, is ideally located for students or staffers at the univer­ 

 sity. 
Bearing that in mind, the community offers the kind of apartments and amenities which best suit the lifestyles for them. 
Chase Hill features all that it takes for study, fun and relaxation. It has been planned to offer this to its residents along with the most desirable item — comfort. 
Ranging from the efficiency unit to the large two - bedroom, two - bath plan, Chase 
Hill Apartments are arranged in ways which meet the needs of its residents — and then some. 
Examples of how the apartments more than meet their needs can be seen in the ample closet space, either walk - in or wall - to - wall with slide - guide doors; built - in desks common to all plans; facing vanities which allow a compartmented bath to function as 

CHASE HILL APARTMENTS ideal for university students, staff 
I Vz baths; and storage closets off either fenced patios or railed balconies. 
Two recreational areas on the apartment grounds are offered to coincide with the ar­ rangement of the apartment groupings. Each features a large swimming pool with poolside furniture, laundry facilities and recreational and relaxing areas, table tennis included. 
Besides its unequalled convenience to UT­ 
SA, Chase Hill has good proximity to the clubs and restaurants in the vicinity. As well, 
USA A and the South Texas Medical Center, along with other medical facilities nearby, are accessible via N. W. IH IO. 
Leasing arrangem ents which match the 

 university’s calenday of sem esters are of­ fered. A lease arrangement for 12 months or more grants the final month free of rent. 
Rental rates begin reasonable. All apartm enta showing this weekend are fur­ nished; however, they may be leased as un­ furnished. Garages and mini - storage also may be leased. 
Chase Hill Apartments can be reached by exiting from N.W. Ill IO to N.W. FM 16o4, proceeding west to Chase Hill Drive across from a major entrance to the campus, then driving north to the apartments and the leas­ ing office. The exact address is 158o1 Chase 
Hill Dr. Signs lead the way. 

RAY ELLISON APARTMENTS^ like Park Village, built on one level 

 own apartment. 

Those who choose apartm ent living have different reasons for selecting an apartm ent rather than a detached, single - fam ily dw elling, but those who choose Ray Ellison Apartm ents com bine the best of both worlds in their choice. 
Ellison apartments, all around San Anton­ io, offer the convenience and carefree life style long associated with apartment living and present the apartment dweller with al­ ternatives usually available only to those liv­ ing in detached houses. 
Single-level 
For example, at Park Village, Glen T er­ race, Hillside and Babcock North all the apartments are single-level, with spacious patios and private yards that give the feeling 

 c l a s s if ie d d i s p l a y 
_ c l a s s if ie d d i s p l a y 

 of living in your own home. 
In fact, an Ellison apartm ent feels like 
“ home” in more ways than one, with plenty of storage space, roomy closets, a wide var­ iety of floor plans to choose from, with bright contemporary designs and colors to add zest to daily living. 
Convenience is a keynote in an Ellison apartment. All-electric kitchens make the living easier after a hard day at the office by the working man or woman. For those who aren’t ready to invest in heavy appliances, each apartm ent co m p lex has com plete laundry facilities available to help ease hou­ sekeeping chores. 
For rare leisure moments, you don’t have to travel far from Ellison apartments to dis­ cover recreation pastimes. In fact, you’ll find pools, party rooms and, in some cases, even tennis courts just a few paces away from your 

~ 
CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 

The Four-Plex design featured in most E l­ lison apartm ents provide p rivacy and in­ volvement with outdoor living unlike anyth­ ing exp erien ced with most conventional apartment complexes. 
The four individual apartments clustered around a landscaped courtyard creates a un­ ique neighborhood environm ent. And you can’t beat the privacy - fenced backyard for each apartment om which you can garden, 

CLASSIFIED D ISPLAY- 

 barbecue or just plain pamper your body with sunbathing. 
The locations of all Ray Ellison Apartments are perfectly suited for convenience to major expressways yet retain the countrylike at­ mosphere so necessary as a retreat from the hectic pace of urban living. 

Visit the Ray Ellison Apartments located in whatever part of San Antonio that may beck­ on you for a new life style for you and yours. 

CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 
CLASSIFIED 6tiHAY 
CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 

Ellison apartments yield ‘home’ feeling by 4-Plex designs 

Pogt H 

Is Not Always 
A House! 

From the growing number of apartment complexes around town, it’s obvious that many people prefer apartment living! Whatever your reasons, you ’ll appreciate the unique home-like lifestyle offered by Ray Ellison Apartments. 

The FOUR-PLEX DESIGN provides P R IV A C Y and OUTDOOR LIVING unlike con­ ventional apartment complexes. Four individual apartments clustered around a land­ scaped courtyard create a neighborhood atmosphere. Each apartment has a privacy- fenced backyard in which you can garden, barbecue or just lavish in the sun! 

A HOME doesn’t always have to be a HOUSE . . . Ray Ellison brings you all the com­ forts of a HOME in easy living APARTMENT COMMUNITIES! 
• SWIMMING POOL •P A R T Y ROOM •TENNIS COURTS 

BABCOCK HOATH 
69o-146o 

HILLSIDE \. 
674-7oo4 
\ 
B 

 r a y e l l i s o i n i V v 
APARTMENTS 
' 

OLEK 
TEBRACE 
656-2116 

PARK 
VILLAGE 
653-73oo 

39o3 BARRINGTON beckons all 

 e U S H W D M S K A Y 
ClASW W O rn SPLAT 

Do you enjoy tennis at home? 
Ifs easy at 39o3 
Barrington. We have 
3 Courts. 

Do you enjoy a quiet country lifestyle only minutes away from the city? 

At 39o3 Barring­ ton we have 22 acres o f Oak trees just off 
Northeast Loop 41o. 

Do you enjoy hand­ ball, volley-ball, swim­ ming pools, and Adult 
& Family Sections? 

Ifs at 39o3 Bar­ rington where man­ agement is interested in you— 

Do you enjoy spacious apartments with frost- free refrigerators? 

Where else but 
39o3 Barrington. 

39o3 Barrington 

[San Antonio, Tex. 

653-53oo n..... r 

 i 
X 
I f 

 tom 33 

3*o3 BAtKINGTON 

39o3 

UNITS 
BSH OFFER 
FRILL 

Much m eant for San 
A ntonians seek in g a p restig io u s apartm ent address at modest costs awaits them at 39o3 Bar­ rington, which has both 
— and more. 
An entire multitude of a m en ities is en com ­ passed by this apartment community. 
Only area 

So much comes with an apartment at 39o3 Bar­ rington, in fact, that 
Marymont is the only area w hich b efits its many offerings. 
39o3 Barrington, one of the more imaginatively planned apartment com­ munities in northeastern 
San Antonio, at the same time seem s out of place in Maymont, but in an­ other sense. 

This is because of the extrem ely reasonable rates at the comprehen­ sive project. In fact, not until 39o3 Barrington be­ gan leasing were such rates known to the espe­ cially presitgious area of 
Marymont. 

N um erous fa cilities are available to residents at 39o3 Barrington, just as if they all were in their very own back yards. Even that parti­ cular phrase in no way exaggerates on the cer­ tainty of privacy resi­ dents at 39o3 Barrington enjoy daily. 

39o3 B arrington’s of­ ferings include an indoor handball court, three tennis courts and other recreational facilities. 
The family section has a sw im m in g pool, basketball court, tennis court and fenced play­ ground. The adults’ sec­ tion has a sw im m ing pool, two tennis courts, recreation room, volley­ ball court and saunas. 
All this, though, is but a partial list of what is for the residents’ exclusive enjoyment at no extra costs whatsoever. 

The amenities are ar­ ranged conveniently and attractively throughout the project’s prem ises totaling some 27 acres. 
T rees and m eticulous landscaping enhance the arrangem ent of the a m en ities w ith the apartment groupings. 

Apartment sizes and floor plans are diversi­ fied to best fit the needs and desires of the resi­ dents. j 

39o3 Barrington is ea­ sily found by taking the 
Starcrest off N. E. Loop 
41o, proceeding north on 
Starcrest to Barrington 
Drive, turning right and driving two more blocks. 

Ifs never too late to be a GAM by 
Susan Hardwick 
SAAA Director of Education 

In this country’s demanding consumer-oriented society, rental industry success depends now more than ever upon p r o f ­ e s s io n a l property management performance. Both laws and renter sentiment will eventually require c e r t if ie d c o m ­ p e te n c e in apartment management. Few universities are equipped, staffed or inclined to provide the education requisite to this certification. Apartment associations must assume this responsibility. Any association that is not providing top notch 

 educational programs is not adequately serving its members or its industry. 

Education is SAAA’s number one long-range priority. Its C e r t ifie d A p a r tm e n t M a n a g e m e n t program is com­ prehensive and of genuine value. SAA\,is not merely a d ip lo m a m ill. Its CAM program is recognized and endorsed by 
HUO. 

Beginning in 1977 HUD will require certification of all resident managers of HUD-related properties. It is possible that someday certification may be required of a ll resident managers of a ll multi family rental properties. 

CAM is one reason the San Antonio Apt. Assoc, is one of the nation's most highly regarded apartment associations operat­ ing today. Education, legislation, resideht relations, professional guidance and counseling have been ongoing, practical benefits of membership since the organization's beginning in 1963. Members — active leaders and successful businessmen and women — do not accept comraderie as their only return from association membership; they demand (and get) much, much more. 

CAM is the newest — and perhaps the greatest — of the benefits they’ve demanded. 

This special article outlines the program for you. 

You are invited to review CAM carefully and call the office for answers to any questions you may have. 
What is CAM? 
The C e r t if ie d A p a r t m e n t M a n a g e r program is an educational program defined by National Apartment Associa­ tion President Don Lawrence as "the only means by which the apartment industry is going to be able to heighten the distinction between apartment managers and professional apartment managers. Therefore, it becomes incumbent upon us, the entire industry, to support this outstanding program, as an important facet to assist in assuring success and not failure in an already expense-burdened industry.” 

CAM is a service to the apartment owner as it helps him train and groom his mangers in a very professional and com­ 

 prehensive way. The need for well-trained managers has never been greater. CAM gives the owner who is interviewing new 

 people an exact picture of what the applicant has been exposed to if he has completed all or part of the seminars. 

CAM is a service to the resident as he will be assured of living in an apartment with professional management. The resi­ 

 dent seldom rents the apartment. He really rents because of his impression of the manager. This is the quality of person 

 that the resident would like to have in charge of his community. 

CAM is a service to the manager as it offers him a tangible goal through certification. We all do better when we have a 

 goal to strive for in self improvement. A diploma has little intrinsic value, but the achievement that it represents is in ­ 

 valuable. So with CAM; we all need incentives to help urge us to excellence. 

CAM is a service to our industry as it will improve the image of multi-family housing in the entire nation. How many 

 owners have been guilty of placing the responsibilityof a multi-thousand dollar apartment building in the hands of a couple 

 whose only need was for complimentary shelter? How can the owner possibly expect professional results from untrained 

 people? Apartment management is no longer a career for the amateur. The very best public relations program as owner 

 could devise is a well managed and maintained building. 

CAM is, quite literally, a way for owners to make more money from their rental properties. Savings from "in-house" 

 maintenance and the reduced turnover inherent in more p r o fe s s o n a lly ru n complexes can be substantial. 

How To Get CAM Certification 

The first step towards CAM certification is to be a member or an employee of a member of the SAAA. 

Next you must apply to SAAA and be endorsed by it as a CAM candidate. 

CAM designations are based on a point-credit system. Candidates must accumulate 5oo credits, 42o of which are from a 

 mandatory curriculum (designed by SAAA and approved by the National Aapartment Association), of which are elective. 

You must accumulate required credits thusly: 

1. EXPERIENCE. You must accumulate two years effective experience in apartment management by the time of 

 certification (2o credits). 

2. BASIC SURVEY COURSE. You must take a 3o-hour "Survey of Apartment Management Course” from our association and 

 pass a final examination (IOO credits). 

3. ADVANCED SPECIALIZED COURSE. You must take af least five hours, each, of special courses (again available through 

SAAA) in economics, human relations, marketing, maintenance and legal-ethical aspects (2o credits). 

4. EXAMINATION. You must pass a final examination approved by the National Apartment Management Accreditation 

Board (IOO credits). 

The optional credits available: 

1. Up to two additional years of experience may be used; 

2. Attendance at conventions (such as SAAA sponsored Seminars) may count for various credit amounts,- 

3. Attendance at National Apartment Association conventions counts,- as does 

4. Attendance at special educational programs structured and sponsored by apartment association chapters. 

;Express-News 

= W a n t Ads= 
= 225-1666E 

Diversified projects offered by ‘Life’ firm 

Life Investors has three distinctively dif­ ferent projects to present apartment hunters this weekend, and each offers a distinctively different life style. 
La Palom a Apartments, 1o2 W. Ram part St. in central northern San Antonio; T errace 
Apartments, 9525 Lorene St., also in central northern San Antonio; and The Pier Apart­ ments, 1946 N. E. Loop 41o in northeastern 
San Antonio are the highlighted apartm ent communities. 
‘Waterscaped’ 

The P ier featu res an unusual Jap an ese garden setting, even “ w aterscaped,’ and an e sp e cially frien dly atm o sp h ere. P onds, stream s, weeping willows and even ducks comprise the striking setting for The Pier, which appeals mainly to singles and profes­ sionals in their 2os. 
An Olympic size pool, party pavilion with fire pit, sundeck and cabana m ake up just some of the fun of living at The Pier. Adja­ cent to the property are volleyball and tennis courts. 
A partm en t featu res here include a p ­ pliances to m atch color sch em es, accent 

 walls, dens with fireplaces in some, beamed cathedral ceilings, continous clean ovens, self 
- defrost refrigerators, washer - dryer con­ nections, wet bars and penthouse levels. 
Convenience and comfort create a colorful atmosphere of easy living and relaxation at the T errace A partm ents. A vailable either furnished or unfurnished, the Terrace offers spacious floor plans in attractive designs of one, two or three bedrooms. 
Com pletely coordinated, fully equipped kitchens meet all demands for color and easy living inside the Terrace apartm ent homes. 
Easy living and relaxation also is assured by two large sw im m ing pools and two private party rooms featuring fireplaces, bars and sun bathing decks. 
Convenience is offered in the forms of pri­ vate carports for all Terrace residents and complete laundry facilities on the apartment grounds. 
La Palom a, which translates from Spanish as “ the dove,” is aptly named because peace and quiet are wonderfully enhanced by its 
Spanish architecture. Blooming shrubbery, immaculate grounds, flower beds, courtyards and, of course, an atmosphere of serenity and seclusion are m ajor p arts of La P alom a, 

 oriented to adule life styles. 
This project also is one of very few where a four - bedroom floor plan can be found. La 
Palom a does in no way exaggerate, then, when it calls its units apartment homes. 
Other plans at La Palom a include three different sizes of one - bedroom apartm ents, four different two - bedroom plans, townhouse 

- styles and three - bedroom plan with large living area and two baths. 

Life Investors is famous for its life styles so diversified am ong its projects. The firm invites apartment hunters to visit each this weekend and p ro m ises a unique “ ex p er­ ience” for each visitor. cuMinre Bio**?" 
CLASSiriCD DISPLAY 
CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 
CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 
CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 
C a S S n ^ D O A L A Y ' 
—frau 

Th rev Lifestyles Full 

From El LIFE INVESTORS 

 fer/sn* 
APARTMENTS 

A beautifully landscaped Adult & Family 

Community 

I, 2, and 3 Bedrooms 

<Z> 2 Bedrooms, 7 Baths 

A Young Adult Waterscaped Community 

I and 2 Bedrooms 

One bedroom with a bonus room 

9525 Lorene 

Phone: 344-9888 

MCCARTY 
■A 
REEDS 
RED DERBY 
The | 
Terrace 

LOOP 4 1 o 

MAGNA 
MART 

o 
1 
I 

CENTRAl □ 
PARK MAU 
□ NORTH 
STAR AKAU 

La PALOMA 

The Perfect Adult Community 

I, 2, 3 and 4 Bedrooms 

DINING ROOM 
PLANO 

2 Bedrooms, I Bath 

KITCHEN 
TUT 

T 

OR RH 
J 
I 
— 
JL 

1946 N.E. loop 41o 
826-2355 

1o2 Rampart Dr. at N. Star Mall 

Phone: 341-4444 

Rag* S-X 

THE PIER APARTMENTS feature stream s, ponds as prem ises 

 w/ 2 Lighted' f Tennis Courts plus 
FREE Group i 
Lessons 
/ 
Sunday AA 

Pop* 6-X 

 designs of L’Atriums 

How mysterious is the u n iq u en ess th at u n ­ derlies L’Atriums of Cin­ namon Creek. 
T h ese a p a rtm e n ts , garden - style and built around a completely en­ closed patio or atrium , are at once impressive, but their striking designs nestled in the beautiful oaks of the n orth San 
Antonio hills a re not really show ing anyone som ething entirely new or, strange as it seems, unique. 
Antiquity 

L’Atriums actually are based on architectural trends of as long ago as antiquity — even ancient 
Greece and Rome. Ap­ propriately, they are de­ signed for those who a p p re c ia te the finer 

 things in life. 
Their name is derived from two words: “ L - shaped” and “atrium ,” each representing archi­ tectural design during the classical ages. Put them together and you have the modern word 
“ L’Atrium.” 
You also have spacious a p a rtm e n t hom es of contemporary styling in a quiet and exclusive setting — L’Atriums of 
C innam on Creek, 9214 
Dartbrook Dr. just north of Fredericksburg and 
Hamilton - Wolfe Roads’ intersection north of N. 
W. Loop 41o. The project has been ca refu lly planned and strategically located by 
C larke 
- 
F'rates Corp., its owner, developer and m anage­ ment company since it 

CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 

 opened. 
The se em in g ly new design applied to L’A­ trium apartments works as well as history tells us it has. In fact, it today presents a comfortable way of overcoming the sacrifices of privacy and space in apartment liv­ ing. 
F"or instance, no L ’A­ tr iu m re sid e n ts lives either above or below another. Each atrium or patio is screened with a six - foot privacy fence, and, as added touches of privacy, there are door­ bells on both the front gates and front doors. 
S liding g lass w alls provide the ultimate in views by opening to the enclosed patio in the liv­ ing area for an extra dimension of space and 

 c l a s s i f ie d d i S P U Y 

For 
All the Lives 
You Live. 

NOB 
H IU 
APARTMENTS 

7626 Callaghan Road / 349-1217 

1, 2, 3 bedroom s. 
W a sh e r/dryer connections. 

P rofessional m anagem ent by Brentw ood Properties. 

 accent on the indoor - outdoor living style of 
L’Atriums. 
Added conveniences, in many plans, are washer - dryer connections in uti­ lity areas separated from the kitchens. 
Master bedrooms can easily accommodate ex­ tra large furniture with­ out crowding. Separate d re s s in g v an itie s a re another luxury feature of some plans, also with la rg e r e f rig e r a to rs , freezers, ran ges, d ish ­ washers and disposers. 
Some plans have the 

L’A T R IU M S apartm ents have tree-filled surroundings 

 country kitchens with separate breakfast areas. 
Others have pass - thru windows to a serving bar on the atrium. 
Flight different plans are offered among these apartments. All have in­ d iv id u ally co n tro lled heat and air condition­ ing; shag carpeting; and assigned, covered park­ ing space. Amenities for all residents here include 

 a large swimming pool on the tre e - shaded premises. Costs of oper­ ating utilities are includ­ ed in the monthly rental rates, too. 
The location of L’A­ trium s is also conven­ ient. Cinnamon (.'reek is almost directly across the street from USAA headquarters and close to the 
South 
T exas 
Medical C enter, other 

 major medical facilities and even the UTSA cam ­ pus. 
L 'A triu m s of C in n a ­ mon Creek has received citations from Westingh­ ouse as an “ innovative contribution to the field of a p a rtm e n t d e s ig n ” and from the Apartment 
Construction News as a 
“ distinguished multi - family housing design and development.” 

X LA SSIF IED D ISPLA Y 
CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 
CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 
CLASSIFIED D ISP LA Y 
IWE START WITH A PATIO AND 
Wel 
PM 
L’ATRIUMS OF 

‘Mystery’ surrounds 

On**, two. and three bedroom apartments unfurnished. 

9214 Dartbrook Drive 
696-o146 

• Brick fireplaces 

• Enclosed patio 

• Heated pool 

• Large walk-in closets 

• Two pools, sauna and health club. 

• Free membership to racquetball club 

Phone: 
341-4621 

115 Northwest Loop 4 IO 
^ 
Phone 341 -4621 
ACROSS FROM NORTH STAR MALL 

Crossing found at interchange of expressways 

What kind of residence could be built at a loca­ tion as convenient as 
N.W. Ill IO and N.W. 
Loop 41o? 
I t’s rig h t there that apartment seekers have found a fine place lo call home, even that crossing of m ajor San Antonio routes. The project, ap­ propriately, was named 
The Crossing. 
Models shown 
This ap artm en t com ­ munity offers seven dis­ tinctively different floor plans. Furnished models are open for inspection this weekend. 
The Crossing’s apart­ ments range in size from spacious plans with one 

 bedroom to imm ense three - bedroom plans. 
Among standard fea­ tures of The Crossing’s apartm ents are totally electric, tim e - saving kitchens with decorator colors. Air conditioning is individually con­ trolled. 
The 
C rossing also offers luxurious items such as fireplaces in larger apartments. 
Apartment groupings at The Crossing are ar­ ranged in well - defined, distinct adult and family sections, as well as con­ temporary designs. 
The family section fea­ tures “ tot lots’’ as fully equipped play areas for 

 children where they can be easily watched from apartments. As well, the youngsters have their own pool. 
Two large heated pools are on the grounds of The 
Crossing’s adult section. 
A complete recreation - clubhouse building also is on The Crossing’s pre­ mises. 
Among its features are a fireplace and wet bar, which, along with a number of other extras, create an atmosphere of sheer relaxation. 
Easy access to either 
N.W. IH IO or N.W. Loop 
41o m eans a m atter of m erely m inutes to the 
South Texas Medical 

THE CRO SSING APARTMENTS found at N.W . IH IO and N.W . Loop 41o 

City right across the crossing. 
The Crossing can be approached by taking the qsnnro twixt 

Center, USAA complex and UTSA campus. 
Of course, a number of other shopping malls and 

 en tertain m en t spots along the Loop also are easily reached, with 
Wonderland Shopping 

Callaghan Road exit from 
N.W. IU IO and proceed­ ing west of the express­ way. 
An Apartment You 11 Be 

End your hunting for an exotic, great apartment. The 
Crossing is centrally located to shopping centers & exclusive nite spots. Floor plans include 1, 29 and 3 bedroom apartments^ large pool, woodburning fireplaces and excellent management. 

 i 

Located at 41o and IH-IO across from W onderland. 

IHE CROSSING 

\ i\\ V. 

I 
3431 
OAKDALE 
349-2726 

Pag* 8-X 
Woodhill built atop, aside hill 

W oodhill Apartments, 4 9 o 9 W oodstone Dr. just east of N .W . IH I o and north o f its Huebner Road exit, has attracted many o f the creative people who work at UTSA, USAA and the South Texas 
Medical Center, each very close to the project. 

 section is a perfect en­ vironment for growing families, with a choice of nine floor plans from one, two and three be­ drooms and all utilities paid. Fireplaces, dens. 

Surrounded by native oak trees, 
Woodhill 
Apartments offer its re­ sidents the seclusion of country living yet are right off the expressway and quick access to the city. 
Not far from USAA and 
UTSA, Woodhill Apart­ ments are located at 49o9 
Woodstone Dr., a truly gracious address just off 
N. W. IH IO north of its 
Huebner Road exit. 

On the top and side of a quiet, wooded hill for which the project is named, Woodhill pro­ vides those who live there with a beautiful, unspoiled view of gently rolling hillsides. 
A rustic, contemporary redwood exterior and bright, cheerful interiors give the community a most appealing appear­ ance. 
At Woodhill, separate 

 areas are provided for adults and families. 
Swimming pool, bicy­ cle area and tennis courts are located in a setting which resembles a park. The recreational facilities are more than ample for both families and adults. What’s more, a beautiful clubhouse is now completed and is available to residents. 
Woodhill’s Phase II is 

 designed for young adults, with a one - be­ droom flat or studio and a two - bedroom flat as the plans offered. Each unit features a choice of color schemes, all - elec­ tric kitchen with butcher block counters, large walk - in closets, storage and pantries and en­ closed patios. 

W oodhill’s Phase I 

& A * u rifb b is m a r 

Let us find yours— 
24 Hr. 
TOWNHOUSi-AFARTMINT 
LOCATORS 
828-o681 
FH II—-N o c h a rg e to y o u 

A ptdSitdf— 

V mH muM 

M u rra y runs W indcrest 

Something really spe­ cial comes along every once in a while. 
Tucked away in the ci­ ty of Windcrest are the only apartments that will be there ever. 
Windcrest Apartments, 
8835 WiUmon Way, now 

 ctAi«>IH T6l*H AV--------------- 

5 9 o 3 D a n n y K a y e 
MEDICAL 
CENTER 
APARTMENTS 

6 9 o 8 2 2 6 

C O N V E N I E N T T O M E D IC A L CEN TER 

8 
5 W e e k d a y ) 
I 2 -3 W e e k e n d ) 

A ll T y p e s & S ty le s 

$ 1 5 5 - $ 3 2 5 

2 P o o ls , 2 T e n n is 
C o u r t s , C l u b H o u s e 

Advance to 
Boardwalk 

 ears old or older, f , 5 and 3 Bedroom Apartm ents and arge 
3 
Bedroom 
Townhouses. 
Convenient laundry facilities on site 
Close to W onderland, Central Park, across the street from grocery and shopping center. O n busline. 

3536 West Ave. 
349-42o3 
Q 

Professionally Managed By 

BAHflV PJUINfiWATffl CO 

 are professionally man­ aged by M urray Man­ agement Corp. 
Residents here have exclusive enjoyment of a community room for gatherings or just by re­ laxing by the large swimming pool. 
Luxurious apartments also play key roles in making W indcrest un ique. 
Attractively decorated, these splendidly spacious apartments are availabe either furnished or un­ furnished. Four floor plans include one - be­ droom and two - bedroom flats and two - bedroom townhouse styles with or without a den. 
Fedders central heat and air conditioning un­ its keep the apartments comfortable throughout the seasons. Windcrest residents also enjoy the conveniences of electric appliances in the apart­ ment kitchens. U tility bills’ costs are included in the monthly rates, too. 
Especially pleasing to the eye, in a number of ways, is the arrangement of 
W indcrest 
Apart­ ments. 
Buff color brick exter­ iors, white stucco - pro­ tected stairways and vertical designs of rough hewn woods immediately 

C L A iS lfiD D ISM A Y 

 impress a visitor at 
Windcrest. 

Residents here also can enjoy the splendid setting over and over again as they view it from either their private patios or private balconies. 

8o38 BROAD W AY 
O X O - 
■dr 
I 

Jfa^ hateaux 

A U N I Q U E ^ ^ j ^ ^ C O M M 
COMM UNITY 

PLEASE JO IN US 

M urray M a n a g e m e n t C o rp o ra tio n 

A Subsidiary of M u rra y Financial C o rp o ra tio n 

 c u m m i n d i s m a y 

 washer - dryer connec­ tions, private patios, breakfast areas, loads of storage and closet space are available. 
However quiet and re­ moved it may seem, 
: w arnm wagon--------- 

Woodhill is just a minute from N.W. IH IO and shopping, entertainment, the South Texas Medical 
Center UTSA, USAA and 
Kelly and 
Lackland 
AFBs. 
“ cussmis BISHAY--------- 

K ld S u U i 
^ l a n n m s 
HARPER’S CORNER 

Some of the best things in life are for rent. 

On Ubodstone 
Drive... 

It's Your life 
Live it up, or downstairs, or both. 

LOWER 
UPPER 

Professionally Managed 
(HH. 

C O M P A N I E S 

TXI! AT MIM MCI—STAY ON ACCCSS IO 

V W O O P H ill J 
APARTMENTS 
49o9 W oodstone Drive. 69o-17oo 

Open ’til dusk 

Plus, Woodbin s location makes it easily accessible to almost anywhere: it's only one minute from I-IO, three to neighborhood shopping at Colonies North, five to malls like Northstar. and 3o from Medina and Canyon lakes. 

Location, seclusion 

 of Maison de Ville 

 suit all life styles 

Why do people love living at Maison de 
Ville? 
Because these apartments are designed for luxury, convenience, economy and prestige. 
Everything about the complex radiates an atmosphere of modern living at its finest. 
Imagination 
The spacious apartments have been de­ signed and built with imagination and flair for today’s modern apartment dwellers. All units have ample closet space, ultra - modern all * electric kitchens are totally sound­ proofed. Some have built - in drawers and cabinets in the bedrooms; others, fireplaces. 
All have either balconies or patios for outdoor relaxation in privacy. 
Because of the exceptionally fine construc­ tion, each apartment is well insulated to pro­ vide comfortable living even with the ther­ mostat set at 68 degrees. 
The grounds at Maison de Ville have been 

 specially .andscaped to include open spaces for relaxation. Trees, shrubs and vast ex­ panses of grass lend a garden-like setting to the grounds. 
The complex is divided into three sections to fit your style of living. There is a section for families with children, featuring play­ ground equipment and large play areas. 
Another section is for couples only. Still an­ other is for singles. 
So, whether you’re married, with children or single, there’s an apartment grouping just for you at Maison de Ville. 
Apartments range in size from 57o sq. ft. in the bachelor apartments to 1,4oo sq. ft. in the three - bedroom, two - bath units. There are large outdoor storage spaces and covered parking (for two cars, of course). Guest parking is abundant. 
Maison de Ville offers the advantages, pri­ vacy and space of owning your own home 

M AISON DE VILLE APARTMENTS located at 1ooo Jackson-Keller Rd. 

 without the maintenance responsibilities and inflated expenditures of owning a house to­ day. Also, Maison de Ville’s location is within walking distance of schools and churches. 
North Star and Central Park Malls and the expressway are just minutes away. 
A beautiful club overlooks the Olympic size swimming and diving pool. For your health, there are saunas. There is a special party area, a card room, pool room and children’s recreation room. Twenty - four hour security 

CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 
CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 
CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 
CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 
CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 

 is provided for your safety and protection. 
Immediate occupancy is now available For information, call or visit the resident manager between 9 a.m. and 5 p.m. daily, including weekends. Appointments may be arranged. 
The rates are reasonable, and you’ll find that you get more space, luxury and conven­ ience for your apartment dollar. 
See for yourself why people love living at an address of distinction, Maison de Ville. 

? L A SUFI tD D 4 (P U V ---------------- 
CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 
Which Oriel Is f or 
You? 

^ ^ a ve ra g e S b e d - y 

 froom h o u se p a y m e n t is 

 a p p r o x im a te ly $45o per m o n th . 

A n a v e r a g e 2 b e d ro o m 

 h o u se p a y m e n t is 

 a p p r o x im a te ly $ 3 5 o 

 p e r m o n th . 
PLUS: 
• Utility payments 
• School Taxes 
• City Taxes 

• Home Maintenance 
• Yard Work 

• 
* * 
Apartments 

In a quiet, mature environment with a huge pool, recreation center, playgrounds, roving security guards and plenty of assigned covered parking. Ideal for families who don’t want to be saddled with a house and rising utility costs. The price? A reasonable starting price of $24o a month unfurnished for the 2-bed- 
^ room, $345 a month unfur­ nished for the 3-bedroom, all bills paid. Also available are our efficiencies at $185 a month furnished and our big one bedroom apart­ ments. The advantages are delightful! 

W h e n d e c id in g o n y o u r fu tu re 
W e ig h th e A D V A N T A G E S o f c a re -fre e a p a rtm e n t liv in g to th e H E A V Y L O A D o f o w n in g a h o m e. 

Maison de Ville 

1ooo Jackson-Keller Rd., 

 just west of Blanco. 344-9158 

CLAEflF IEP W m A T ., 
.cu.«Mwr.BHWAT c l a s s if ie d d i s p l a y 
HORTH lOOKIMO 
IMTO. . . 

HIrgi 

1,o1 o sq. ft. 

2554 N I. Loop 41o 

Betw een Starcrest a n d Perrin-Beite* RH 

Easy living with all-electric kitchens, washer and dryer connections, refrigerator) plush shag wall-to-wall carpeting, continuous clean oven, spacious walk-in closets, secure enclosed patio or balcony. 

1, 2, 3 Bedrooms 
From $225 
All Bills Paid 

JPm sunnum 

A P A R T M E N T S 

6 5 6 - 1 2 2 2 

Want Ads225-1666! 

 qt’s c u p extras that make us efferent. 

Our beautiful one, two and three bedroom apartments and studios give you a variety of floor plans to choose from. And they all feature such luxuries as: 

• European parcourse track for running, jogging and exercise • Tennis courts 
Volleyball courts • Nearby schools and shopping areas • Swimming pool 
• Spacious closets • Large living and dining areas • Plush carpeting • Dishwashers 
• Private patios and balconies • Convenient laundry facilities • Special adult and family sections • Close to UT-SA campus • Only a few minutes away from the medical center • Beautiful wooded areas 

Round Tree offers you the luxury of country living and the convenience of living only 15 minutes from downtown 
San Antonio. So, come out today and see for yourself how nice it is to get close to nature without leaving the city. 
One of our seven different floor plans is right for you. 
Rents start as low as 
$ 15o. 
Tfcqnd 
Tree 

I 1 444 Vance Jackson • Phone 69o-1 87 3 
APARTMENTS 

Units at Round Tree come with ‘Parcourse’ 

A big attraction at 
Round Tree Apartments, 
11444 Vance Jackson Rd., is the first European 
“ Parcourse” in the city. 
The Parcourse is a 
Swiss idea. If s like a playground for adults in that it is a physical fit­ ness course based on a jogging and walking cir­ cuit. At various stations along the way, signs de­ scribe a specific light exercise and recommend par as the number of reptitions to try at var­ ious fitness levels. The 
Parcourse allows young and old, even the entire family, to exercise to­ gether — all at their own paces. 
Other extras 
Although Round Tree offers the only Parcourse in town, the feature is popular in Zurich and other Swiss towns; San 
Francisco, 
Portland, 
Honolulu and San Diego. 
Many of the Round Tree residents indeed enjoy the opportunity of walk­ ing, jogging and doing easy exercises for a mile or two. 
Other extras at Round 
Tree include tennis courts, swimming pool, volleyball courts, frisbee round nine and the Great 
Outdoors. 
A real extra is the beautiful wooded envir­ onment 
Round 
Tree 

 owners have preserved. 
Another extra is that 
Round Tree is close to the medical center, just a few minutes from the 
UTSA campus and less than 2o from downtown. 
Round Tree offers a variety of comfortable one-, two- and three-be- droom apartments and townhouses with a selec­ tion of seven floor plans. 
Ail living and dining 

 areas are open and spacious. Other comforts include plush carpeting, large closets, dish­ washers, private patios and balconies and con­ venient laundry faci­ lities. Special sections for families and adults are another attraction, along with the excellent schools and nearby shopping ar­ eas. 
Round Tree offers the 

 luxury of country living and the convenience of being close to nature without leaving the city and does offer something extra. 
Round Tree Apart­ ments are found between 
Huebner 
Road and 
Wurzbach Road. N.W. III 
IO and N.W. Loop 41o are convenient. Apartments are open daily. 

L 
I I t I 
LA PLAZA APARTMENTS right off N.W. IH IO 

La P la za ‘has it a ir 

CLASSIFIED D IS P L A Y " 

LIVING SPACES 
NOW AVAILABLE 
★ OLMOS TOWER ★ 
824-6661 
★ THE CHELSEA * 
824-2226 
★ ROYAL GEORGE ★ 
824-2226 

CAIL FOR APPOINTMENT 

La Plaza, an apartment complex in the heart of northern San Antonio, w ill be showing this wee­ kend. 

The immense, tree- studded complex boasts both a community spirit and an advantageous location in north central 
San Antonio at 115 N.W. 
Loop 41o. 
A wide variety of apartment sizes and styles is offered at the complex, where resi­ dents can choose from among IO different floor plans to suit their likings and lifestyles. 
Accordingly, the right 

 kind of apartment is there for residents, ranging from single adults to young couples or large families. 
Also appropos is that the various apartments are grouped to separate the fam ilies from the singles and couples, 

 points readily accessible, including the northeas­ tern industrial parks, of­ fice complexes, South 
Texas Medical Center, 
USAA complex, down­ town San Antonio and se­ veral North East District schools. 
More trees along the assuring the kind of pri-, walkways lead to the vaey each desires. 
The location puts the complex right across the 
Loop from North Star and Central Park Malls, two of the finer indoor shopping facilities in the city. 
Of course, a location! right off Loop 41o makesl many major destination 

CLASSIFIED D IS P L A Y 
CLASSIFIED D IS P L A Y 

Murray Management Corporation 

SabsidioFy of M urray Financial Co* paragon 

 green tennis courts, lighted at nights. This is one of the ways La Plaza has become the net set’s favorite. The complex even offers tennis lessons taught by a professional, and tournaments are scheduled regularly. 
The grand clubhouse presents another way in which La Plaza is ideal for those who enjoy li­ festyles full of social events and getting to know their neighborhood. 
The La Plaza club­ house is the project’s site for many scheduled acti­ vities. Some of the events sponsored by residents themselves include char­ tered bus trips they take together. 
The clubhouse, of course, is more than just a meeting place. It offers a party room, complete with kitchen facilities, that overlooks the Olym- pic-size swimming pool. 
A carpeted, relaxing conversation area is fea­ tured, too. 
The lower level also is where “ exercise” is the key word. The fully equipped exercise room, boasting full carpeting, wall mirrors and only the latest in weight-lifting equipment, is for men and women residents at different hours. 
Separate bath facilities for them adjoin the exer­ cise room, with sauna and whirlpool baths for their exclusive use. 
“ Recreation” also is a key word. Upstairs is a game room featuring pool tables and ping-pong as only some of the amusements at La Plaza. 
“ Relaxation” enters the scene, too, with the balcony overlooking the outdoor amenities. 

Colour 

A p a r tm e n t C o m m u n ity 

I V MONITORED SECURITY - GARDE N PATIOS 
IIIM W O U -. Clue DOOM 
GYM 4 <a ;i x 4‘ 
I 2 -3 BD R 
I & 2 BATH 
S I 8 5 - 5 2 7 5 (Fuen. Add.) UTILITIES PO. 
2o11 BANDERA RO 
4 3 4 4 . VI 
B e t w e e n H illc re s t A C a l l a g h a n 
A B o b B o n A p a r t m e n t C o m m u n i t y 

» 
I bedroom 
Apts now balKOch available 
Furnished ar 
S|C w o r t h Unfurnished 
APARTMENTS 

Country Living in the City 

6 miles north of loop 4)o on Bobcock, turn left at 
Springtime 

6542 Spring Branch 
6 9 o - 1 4 6 o 

o NORTHGATE 

539 ELEANOR 

8 2 4 - o o 1 9 
WESTGATE 

© 
W akefield-Stardust 
Apartments 
1 , 2 , 3 Bedroom Apts.' 

$ 1 8 o - 5 3 5 o 
Across Rector from N. Star Mail 
8 5 o 6 W ak e fie ld 
Separate Family & Adult Sections 
3 4 4 -4 5 5 8 
« v.*,, r>%ut<c.^ta f t Uf>w» Ty 
, , uii M 

o 
LA PLAZA APTS. 
TENNIS W ORLD’ 
• R A C Q UITS ALL HEALTH, AND (X iP C lS f CLUB 
• ADULT AND FAM ILY SECTIONS 
• FU iN lSH O AND UNFURNISHED APARTM ENTS 
UTILITIES PAID 
NORTHEAST SCHOOLS BUS SERVICE 
• NORTH STAR ANO CENTRAL PARK MALL A R IA 
>15 N.W. LOOP 41o 
3 4 1 -4 6 2 1 
o 

O N E 
B E D R O O M 

From 

> 1 8 ? 

7 1 1 o W urzb ach at B ab co ck 
N e x t door to Medical Center 
696-3851 
© Forest Oaks 
Apartments 

2 B ed room Apts. 
From *226-*263 
6 3 1 3 Eve rs 
6 8 4 -4 7 5 5 

o 
W ATER 
W 
SCAPED 
APARTMENTS 

9 
V 
” 

NOB 
HIU 
APARTMENTS 

Nob Hill Apartments off IH IO 
7626 Callaghan Road/349 1217 

The Heritage 

Apartments 
I I different floor plans 
All with patios 
Priced from $ 2 1 5 — All Bills Paid 
1543 Babcock 
34 1-2228 
® YARA 

A N APARTMENT HO M E 
UNFORGETTABLE AS ITS N A M E r<>NVfNMN* t o r C 
**»C t/*j» .*rif A PA ;f) 
8o51 Broadway 
2 New Tennis Cts.! 
o 2 4 -o o 6 1 
8 2 8 7 3 9 3 

 the 
Pier 

1916 IV E. Ix»op H O 

CFIStyleby 
(Harry Wurzbach Exit) 

o 
LIFE INVESTORS 
H 2 b-2 3 5 5 
© 

N O R T H E A ST 

R P p a n tm « n fs 

• ir. I Bathroom 
• Furrt. Bi L m fu rtish ed 

O ne B ed ro o m la r g e r * P ool Bi la u n d ry 

* Two B ed roo m s 
* Sin gle l e v e l. P r iv a te P a tio 
6 56 -21 16 
71o6 Glen Terrace (Close to Randolph Areaj[ 

V^ PPM N T 

H O M ESTYLE APARM ENT 
LIVIN G 
451 5 G a rd e n d a le 
6 9 1 -1 o 4 4 
The BRITTA MY 

A SOPHISTICATED ADULT C O M M U 
NITY WITH A PO O L IN EACH CO U RT 
TARD HALF BLOCK OFF LO O P 4 1o 
NEAR N O RTH STAR MALL 

86o7 JONES-MAl.SBERGIR 
3 4 1 - 3 1 2 6 

 w 
39o3 Barrington 

653-53oo 
o 

N O R T H E A S T A R E A 

<Perrin (Plaza 

I A 2 BOR. A T O W N H O U SE S 
Garden apts, with clean well kept spacious grounds, patios, balconies, pool, walk to shopping, features plus. 
Perrin-Keitel H<1. 
(>.'>.>-7122 

T e r r a 

A lta 

 f URN & UNI URN 

IDEAL IOU COUPLES I 

AND STUDENTS 

411 EVEREST 
8 2 8 - 5 3 3 o 
FOR QUICK 
RESULTS A N D 
EXTRA VALUE 

CALL 225-7411 

FOR QUICK 
RESULTS A N D 
EXTRA VALUE 

CALL 225-741 I 

o 
O r m -n 

A N ADULT APARTMENT COM M UNITY 

ALL A M E N IT IE S • O N BU S LINE • O N E 
BLO C K F R O M ST. M A R Y ’S • O N E B L O C K 
F R O M S H O P P IN G • FURN. A D D . 
1, 2 & 3 BDR. 
$ 1 8 o to $ 2 4 5 
UTILITIES PA ID 

3 3 o i W. W O O D LA W N 434-9394 
A Bob Ross Apartment Community 

 r nfork 
Village: 
A p a rtm e n t* 
V 

• WINDSOR PARK M AU 
• NORTHEAST SCHOOLS 
• FURNISHED OR 
UNFURNISHED 
PAID UTILITIES 
PRIVATE PATIOS 
POOLS & PARTY ROOM 
483o Ray Bon Drive 
. 653-73oo 

©FRENCH CHALET 

1 6 5 o J A C K S O N K E L L E R 

THI ULTIMATE APARTMENT 
COM M UNITY 

344-4616 

o 
SOUTH SEA 
APARTMENTS 
LEISURE LIV IN G 
SUPER LOCATION 

BIANCO AT JACKSON KEILER 
7543 SOUTH SEA LANE 
341-6251 
o w eslehesler 
Apartm ents 

 elf., I, 2, 3 Bd. from $16o 

I • m o m e n t I n t o r t ' . i i i i .n.it K . im lo l p l i 

111 I A u s t in H w y . 
8 2 8 -4 4 o 5 

A M A C M a n a g e d P r o p e r t y 

© C o u n tr y Village 
Apartments 

I block off Broadway at 41o 

I, 2, 3 b e d r o o m s fr o m S I 6 o 

84 -1 6C o u n t r y V illa g e 
8 2 K -3 7 2 I 
A M AC M anaged Property 

Gill Cos. manages six recent projects with professionalism 

Managing to care about you is all that it says. 
Gill Cos. has managed multi-family com­ munities for more than 3o years in San An­ tonio. 
Personal pride 
The firm’s management services result in better maintenance, professional on-site staff and a way of living that points to personal pride reflecting home-style living. 
That always has been the Gill Cos. goal. 
The firm invites all to visit any of its apart­ ment communities: 
El Madrid — Located in near northwesterm 
San Antonio at 6111 Vance Jackson Rd., this project offers gracious, spacious all-adult apartment living with ideal floor plans, con­ venient apartment amenities and security in 

 a location sought by many. Outstanding fea­ tures include fireplaces in most units, decor­ ator wall coverings, washer-dryer connec­ tions, all-electric kitchens by GE with dis­ posers and frost-free refrigerators in all units two-bedroom in size or larger. 
Sundance — Located in the Turtle Creek 
Valley, this recent project nears completion as an all-adult apartment community with an amenity package that includes a tennis court and game rooms — normally never seen in an adult-oriented complex. 
Continental — Apartments here feature beautifully landscaped courtyards that boast privacy fencing. Shopping is at Fredericks­ burg Road and N.W. IU IO, despite the pro­ ject’s air of quiet seclusion. 
Moonpoint — Another project in the Turtle 
Creek vicinity, Moonpoint boasts proximity to 

GILL COS. presents M oonpoint Apartm ents as one of six projects 

USAA, UTSA and South Texas Medical 
Center. 
Woodhill - Right off N.W. IR IO at Huebner 
Road, this project is close to UTSA, USAA and South Texas Medical Center and in the 
Texas Hill Country’s “ foothills.” 

South Seas — Located at 7543 South Sea 
Lane, this project emphasizes leisurely living with a superb location near the intersection of 
Blanco and 
Jackson-Keller 
Roads. 
Management here is necessarily professional and fantastic. 

Complete/LOAN/REAL 
ESTATE/INSURANCE 

Services 

615 Soledad Street 

Post Office Box 599 

San Antonio, Texas 78292 

(512) 222-2434 

EL MADRIS 
APARTMENTS 

696-2846 
6111 V . Jackson 

SOUTH SEA 
APARTMENT 
LEISURE LIV IN G 
SUPER LOCATION 
BLANCO AT JA CKSO N KELLER 
7543 South Sea Lane 
341-6251 

A v J 
, 
I, i S A 
Sundance 
4615 GARDENDALE 
69o-832o 

HOMESTYLE APARTM ENT LIVING 

4515 GARDENDALE 
691-1o44 

CONTINENTAL 
APARTMENT 
FOR W O RK IN G COUPLES 
W e Offer A Variety of I & 2 

Bedroom Designs 
31o2 HILL CREST 
733-71o1 w o o o fi 

TUCKED AWAY AM O N G THE TREES 
YET ONLY ONE MINUTE FROM IH-1o 
ADULT & FAMILY SECTIONS 
69o-17oo 
49o9 WooDSToNE 

MEMBER 

Ben King Jr. 

Mexican music Invades North- side disco! Adam Najera takes his Latin sound north and Ben 
King Jr. is th ere . See Enter­ 

 fr 
EXPRESS NEWS 
SUNDAY 

May 15,1977 m agazin e 

G e o rg Solti 

San A ntonio’s only D avid 
Anthony Richelieu brings you latest in recordings by Georg 
Solti in Richelieu, The Classics, 

W ildlife of South Dakota’s wildlands 

When the m am m oth glaciers of the last Ice 
Age pushed acro ss northeastern South Da­ kota. they gouged out depressions and cavities in the flat prairie. Then. 
2o,ooo years ago, the continental glaciers be­ gan retreating and the depressions or pot-holes they left became water- filled areas that spotted the land. 
The potholes 
— 
M arshes, sloughs and lakes — are today wet­ lands which support a w ide variety of birds and anim als. N ortheastern 
South D akota counts hundres of the potholes. 
It is in this glacial lakes area of South Da­ kota that the W aubay 
National Wildlife Refuge was established in 1935. 
Waubay, derived from the 
Sioux 
Indian language, m eans a 
‘ nesting place for birds,” and the refuge accurately typifies its name. 
Water 
W ater a re as, ponds and vegetation-surround­ ed potholes form 2,ooo acres of the refuge. The rest of the 4,649 acres is made up of prairie land. 
Waubay is one of four major National Wildlife 
Refuges in South Dakota. 
All offer great scenery and educational insight to hunters, birdwatchers, photographers and na­ ture lovers. 
The Waubay refuge is unique in South Dakota because it is located on a stand of “ native” wood­ land. Wooded areas like the 7oo acres on the re­ fuge are not indigenous to South Dakota. 
For its small acreage, the refuge does have a g;ood amount of standing timber, and it provides excellent cover for wild­ life. 
Two lakes. Spring and 
Hillebrand, lie within the refuge boundaries. Three miles of Waubay Lake shoreline also are under refuge control. These 

 water areas, in addition to the numerous potholes on the refuge, provide quality nesting areas for waterfowl. 
Since one of the chief objectives of the refuge is to provide natural ha­ bitat for birds and wild­ life, the water areas are well-utilized. 
The refuge staff builds nesting islands on the lakes and sloughs and has provided extra nest­ ing areas by building dikes on ponds and en­ larging and deepening potholes. 
W aubay 
N ational 
W ildlife Refuge, eight miles north of Waubay, a ttra c ts th o u san d s of m igrating birds. Since 
1935, 232 species of birds have been seen on the refuge. 
One species, which the refuge staff takes special pride in, is the flock of wild Canada geese which nest there from March until May. 
The geese are Maxi- mas, the largest of all 
Canada geese. The Giant 
C anada was re -in tro ­ duced to this area in 1937 when a live decoy flock was given to the refuge after hunting with live decoys was made illegal. 
The flock of G iant 
Canadas wdiich nest on the refuge are “ gold standard,” because they are most sim ilar to the original stock and still occupy their traditional nesting range. 
Geese 
The re sto ra tio n of 
C anada geese to its former ranges in South 
Dakota is a project that concerns three of the na­ tional wildlife Refuge, 27 miles northeast of Aber­ deen, maintains a repro­ duction flock of the b ird s, and annually winters about 32o of them in a captive flock. 
The refuge, e s ta b ­ lished in 1935, lies within the shores of old glacial lake Dakota, now a part of the Jam es River Val­ ley. 
The refuge furnishes 

 individual nesting pens for the geese, whose in­ cubation period is 28-3o days. The refuge staff collects the first clutch, su b stitu tin g dum m y eggs as they are laid. 
After laying is com ­ plete, the next is des­ troyed and many of the geese re-nest and lay a second clutch. The pro­ cess, called “ double c lu tc h in g ,” produced about 1,2oo geese last year. T he young are raised and released as free-fly ers un d er a 

 num ber of release pro­ jects. 
Sand Lake, prim arily a migration refuge, is also a b ird w a tc h e r’s p a ra ­ dise. Its 21,451 acres are an im portant stopping place for m igrating wa­ terfowl. 
In the sp rin g snow geese move into the re­ fuge at the rate of up to 
1oo,ooo a day. Spring migration of ducks is al­ so a Sand Lake attrac­ tion. and whistling swans appear in both spring and fall. 

The refuge has more than 2.ooo acres of dense nesting cover and nearly 
6,ooo acres of other upland nesting habitat, but the main incentive for the waterfowl is the 
2,5oo acres of cropland for the birds to feed on. 
LaCreek 
N ational 
Wildlife Refuge, with an acres, is also important to nesting and migrating birds. 
The refuge lies on the northern edge of sandhill country, w here pure water springs em erge. 

 supplying a co nstant water source for water­ fowl. 
A complex system of dikes, built after the land was d esig n ated as a wildlife refuge, impous w ater of the sandhill streams. Eleven pool and m arsh units provide about 5,ooo acres of wa­ terfowl habitat. 
The 
C anada goose which also winters here, is only one of the 225 species of birds that are recorded on the refuge's bird list. The m allard is 

 the most abundant bird in both winter and fall on the refuge, located 14 miles southeast of Mar­ tin. 

LaCreek’s special pro­ ject is the habitation of the once nearly-extinct trum peter swan. 

The birds have been transplanted from Red 
Rock Lakes federal re­ fuge in Montana to La­ 
Creek. and they remain 

SOUTH DAKOTA WILDLIFE 

Ort a slaw b o a t to Cuba 

“ Are there ways now for U.S. citizens to go to 
Cuba?” 
Well. I had a letter this week from the Russians who are putting cruise ships all over the place. 
Invited me to sail to Cu­ ba Sept. 2 on the M/S 
Alexander Pushkin. So apparently THEY can get a visa for an Ameri­ can. 
Actually, a number of 
American travel agents are organizing tours to 
Cuba. 
Tour operators will probably get visas 

Canadians go in with­ out a visa. (They never broke relations with Cu­ ba. ) Air Canada has been taking C anadian tour groups in weekly 
The 
Russian ships sail from 
Montreal. 

Around the World 

By STAN DELAPLANE 

 i i _____: ___ 

THE RUSSIANS have been gussying up the best of the cruisers that sailed in the Baltic, plus building new ones. 
They’re com petitive: 
About $5o a day com ­ pared to $9o on better 

 ibbean. 
No tipping. 
(Other ships advise tips of $6 a day.) 
The brand new M/S 
Kazakhstan is cruising in 
S eptem ber from New 
York to Poland (14 days 
$995). Stops in Dublin 
(only $295 if you get off in Ireland). London and 
Rotterdam. 
R ussian cru ise bro- 

S tollm eyer, 
M arch 
Shipping Passenger Ser­ vices. One World Trade 
Center, New York City 
1oo48. 

CANADIAN journa­ lists say H avana is no longer the swingy, sinful city w here all good 
Americans went to hea- 

Government) — go heavy on factory production and work accom plishm ents of the Castro revolution. 
Lake in Russia, kids on the street will buy your ball point, your lighter or the shirt off your back. 
(First man in with blue jeans and p rin ted 
T -sh irts m akes a m il­ lion.) 

Nadi Airport down to Su­ va. Wonderful old South 
Seas town. Native m ar­ ket. Fijian police in wra­ paround skirts cut with pinking shears. 
The breezy old Grand 
P acific 
H otel. 
The 
“ GPH” is a great place to sit and watch the mili­ tary band march by and drink Fiji bitter. 

M oorea, ten m in u tes away. 
It feels the way the 
South Pacific should feel. 
Splendid thatched re ­ sort hotel: Bali Hai. Get a cottage over the w ater with the floor m ade of porthole glass. 

 von. 
T V 
/ r u n h i ' t h o 

“WE HAVE a stopover in the South P acific between H onolulu and 
A ustralia. Should it be 
Tahiti or F iji?” 
I’H favor P'iii Flv from 

ON TAHITI, 
Papeete town is g ettin g traffic jams. Stop lights. If you go to Tahiti, walk across the airport. Get on Tahiti 
Air to th/* i s l a n d of 

BUT — if you want a swinging town, i f s P a ­ peete during the Bastille 
Day ce leb ratio n . They make it last ALL month of July — “ Le Juillet” . 
EVERYBODY in 

Townes Van Zandt: 
The dust of rumors iVamos a bailor! 

Wanna join a cult? 
Don’t worry. You don’t have to dress up in a black nightie and go ar­ ound with a charcoal X on your forehead or anything. All you have to do is admire a brilliant singer/songwriter/crazy person before any of the rest of the world catches on to him. 
Townes Van Zandt is easy to admire, but hard to find. His albums, the most recent of which was released in 1973, are not usually sold in any of the likely places like record stores. Occasionally you will find a “cutout” in a big cardboard box in the corner of the store under 
37 copies of “Tiny Tim ’s 
Greatest Hit.” 

TOWNES HIMSELF is even harder to find. 
After phone calls to New 
York, Los Angeles, Bos­ ton, Denver and Austin, I finally located him at a farm outside of N ash­ ville. Well, I didn’t really get him at the farm . 
There isn’t any phone at the farm. Somebody had to go out and fetch him. 
It was im portant to talk to him now— and important that you join up quick if you want to get in on this thing—because his songs are now starting to be recorded by Emmylou 
H arris, 
Hoyt 
Axton, 
Steve Young and other folks. Once very many people s ta rt h earin g them, it is going to be all over. Successful artists aren ’t allowed to have cults. 
T racking Townes, I was told by people who hadn’t heard from him in years that he was a der­ elict, a rambler, a rowdy and the greatest more or less living songwriter in 
America. 
I asked him about the derelict part. “ I figure there is so much good in the worst of us and so much bad in the best of us, it doesn’t behoove any of us to speak about the rest of us,” he re­ plied. 

THAT 
POETRY 
STUFF sounded so good that he started off on something about the dust of rumors covering his face and an arrow being slick and straight. 
He ended up with: 
“ You know w hat 
I mean?” I didn’t have the foggiest, but it sounded really good. 
Townes said he wasn’t really a fighting kind of guy. He just gets rolled a lot. 
“ You know, you’ve played hard all night and you go somewhere for a couple of drinks. It’s five minutes to closing so you make it a double. You 

Playback 

 guzzle it there and then you have to get out. 
You’re w aitin’ for the cab and five guys get ya. 
It just kinda gets on ya. 
“ I told the doctor the last tim e it happened that I had broken my fingers in three joints. 
He said, ‘Man, stay out of them joints.’” 
It goes on like that. I believed everything he told me. 
“I started playing at 
15. I learned my second chord at about 21. All the guys in the mental insti­ tution were laughing at me because I only knew one chord. It takes a lot of gall to be a mental patient and laugh at so­ meone. 
“ I went to the doctor just last week, right. I said I thought maybe I was a schizophrenic. He said, ‘Man, that makes four of us.’” 

TOWNES LEARNED 
RAMBLING at home as the son of an oil exe­ cutive. “ I lived in F’ort 
Worth ‘til I was 8; Mid­ land ‘til 9; B illings, 
Montana ‘til 12; Boulder, 
Colorado ‘til 14; Chicago 
‘til 15; Minnesota ‘til 17; then back to Colorado ‘til 
19; Houston ‘til 21 and then I started travelin’.” 
There is a lot of other interesting background stuff like that time he died and came back to life. (“ Such as it is,” 
Townes adds.) 
But what about his music? And what about 
“ Pancho and L efty” ? 
That is the song that 
Emmylou and Hoyt have out on current albums, and it has given Townes 

EMMYLOU HARRIS 

 more national exposure than he ever has had. 
The song has impressed a lot of critics even if they can’t figure it all out. 
“Seriously, I’ll tell you kind of the way I write songs. Bukka White used to call them sky songs cause he’d reach up and pull ’em out of the sky. It seems to me that they ju st kind of com e through me almost. 
“I f s not like me sit­ ting down and thinking about it. Just all of a sudden, kkkkkkk (that’s a sound something like lightning). 
Write this down. Kkkkkkk, there’s another line. Kkkkkkk. It kind of goes from the top of my head out my right arm. 
“ So who knows what it all m eans?” 

FOR ALL OF YOU cult members out there, the real news is that a double record live per­ form ance album is ex­ pected out around the end of May or so. It will review a lot of those songs that you can't find anywhere anymore and also include seven new songs. 
Be the first gn. your block to know" who 
Townes Van Zandt is. 
When everybody else finds out there is going to be one weird block party. 

BONNIE RAITT has a right to sing the blues. 
When she was at Rad­ cliffe, she couldn’t get in one of the sororities thrt she wanted to join, She’s paid her dues. She put them on Master Charge. 
Actually I just made up that part about the so ro rity . They d id n ’t even have sororities at 
Radcliffe when she was there. Besides, it is not fair to hold someone’s social class ag ain st them. 
Bonnie has overcome her genteel roots. And with her new album , 
“ Sweet F o rg iv e n e ss” 
(W arner 
B ro s.), she overcomes her image as a blues singer to put to­ gether a good rock al­ bum w ith a few folk breaks. 
She takes an old Del 
Shannon song from the early ’6os, “ Runaway,”! and turns it into music. 
She also does tunes from two excellent con­ tem porary songw riters, one known and the other more or less unknown. 
They are “ My Opening 
F arew ell” by Jackson 
Browne and “ Home” by 
Karla Bonoff. 
A lot of the album is elec tric and up. But 
Bonnie still retains en­ ough of the coffee houses to sing about the legen­ dary late lonely person in the hotel room. 

Just when San Antonio’s disco scene was becoming as bland as apple sauce, disc jockey Adam Na­ jera has started spicing it up with 
Latin music. 

As a resu lt, dancers who were getting fed up w ith the g ru n tin g and groaning on singer Barry 
White’s allegedly sensual disco hits are now mov­ ing to cumbia and polka rhythms. 

Polkas and cumbias? 
You m ight have thought those dances w ere som ething only rqiddle-aged West Siders did during their Sunday afternoon "ta rd e a n a s” 
(dances). 

Well, at the Aquarium 
Discotheque on Thursday nights, N ajera has the chic crowd sticking their backsides out in the best 
Tex-M ex fashion w hile dancing to polkas that were around before they were born. 

The disc jockey, who has a daily show on Radio 
REDA, is using the North 
Side discotheque, at 1929 
La Manda St., as a sort of laboratory to prove his th e o ries about ethnic m u sic ’s potential popularity. 

To hear him proudly describe the success he’s having at the discotheque you’d think he’d created a new form of bilingual education. 

And in~a sense h e ’s done just that by pum p­ ing out a package of mu­ sic which mixes hits by 
L atin-rock groups like 
Santana with traditional 
Tex-M ex m usic, com ­ plete with accordions and bajo sexto guitars. 

While other local dis- co-disc jockeys try to act cool and use th e ir sm oothest voices in in­ troducing records, N a­ 

 jera does just the oppo­ site. 

When if s time for an especially lively polka, the San Antonio native w ill s ta rt w aving his arm s above his head and screech “ Vamos a bai- la r” (le t’s dance) in a style that would startle a drunken charro. 

After one of N ajera’s short invocations e v e r­ yone in the room follows his o rd ers and s ta rts dan cin g reg a rd le ss of whether they understand the lyrics. 

In fact, N ajera says, one reason he brought 
Latin m usic to the d is­ cotheque is a lot of young people with last nam es like Sanchez and Jim en­ ez don’t understand the lyrics or culture behind the music. 

“One thing I’ve always 

 been interested in is get­ ting young Chicanos in­ volved in their music and heritage. 

“ There are more and m ore Chicano hom es where the people don’t even speak Spanish much less know about th eir m usic or listen to it,” says the disc jockey. 

As far as the Anglo converts he’s won to La­ tin dancing, Najera says he isn ’t too suprised. 
“ People almost automa­ tically like som ething th a t’s different if i t ’s done well.” 

He offers the following basic description of the m ajor Latin dances: 

CUMBIA: An upbeat rhythm usually dominat­ ed by big-band style horn arrangements. 
The basic step consists of placing one foot in 

 front of the other fol­ lowed by a short bounce on the other foot as the couple goes around the dance floor in a la rg e circle. 

POLKA: 
A w altz rhythm w here the m e­ lody is carried by an ac­ cordion. The M exican polka is based on a fast paced walking movement somewhat like the G er­ man polka. 
However, it has a few unique quirks that can be learned by observation. 

SALSA: 
U sually for advanced dancers, salsa is based on complex Cu­ ban and P uerto R ican rhythms and bears a re­ semblance to the mambo and cha-cha. 
Most couples like to work out a few flashy steps at hom e before m aking their disco d e­ but. 

O n t h e 
R e c o r d s 

Top IO thmlms 
11 N eed Yew — Loo Say ar t . Whan I N eed Tau — La# Sayar 
2. t a Duke — l ie vie Wonder 
3. Hat ai California — logia ! 
A m ~ 
-----------------------Cm*mdImH 
9. Couldn't Oat It Sight — Clima* Moat Semi 
6 . S ig h t n m * O f T h * N ig h t — im rm H m f V V . r n . . 
7. Sa la Ta Tau — Aflow to Shytfnw l n Wwi 
S. I’m Tour » ea gle Mon — K.C. A The Sunshine 

9. S a l Ta Ohm It Up — Marvin Gay* 
1o. I Wanna Oaf N ext Ta Tau — Sate Sayee 

Top IO JUbvana 
I. tag lot — Natal California ’ 
3. Fleetwood Mac —** Seacoast 
3. Mary lo Ooye — Marvin O aye liv e At Tho 

4 . “tack y" Original Matt aw Meter* Soundtrack 
9. Movie Wander — Sanga In Tho Say Of Ufo 
5. Salton — Salta n 
7. M ay Statha m — S a Tar Tour Quae 
S. Jethro Tut — tangs From Tho Wand 
*. Aril Urine ff arson S I nth rn Sh e hand — "A 
Mar Is Saws" Original t su ndOaik tacardlng 
IO. 

PAG? 7 
FXHREtt.NrW t VIJNDAY MAGA7IMF^-Mnu IC 1o77 

'VAMOS A BAHAR* Abouts Adam Najera aa be preparea to que a Latin-beat record at the 

Aquarium D iscotheque, 1929 La Manda 

Street. Hie Thursday night special presented by the young REDA Radio disc jockey is a popular and refreshing change from the ouder-and4ouder trend in area dance spots . 

Richelieu 
TAc Classics 

 by David Anthony Richelieu 

Beethoven symphony 

 led by G e o rg Solti 

Georg Solti is enjoying the sort of universal acclaim in which Leonard Bernstein basked in the 
6os. 

His concerts are events which attract huge throngs of young people who normally do not attend symphony performances. 

For that reason his recording releases are also 
“ events.” 

And now London has added to an earlier big event — the release of all nine Beethoven sym­ phonies — with a related one — the release of the individual symphonies from the set. 

The latest is Beethoven’s Fifth. (CS 693o). 
Now why on earth review Beethoven’s Fifth, probably one of the most recorded and performed orchestral works in history? 
Well, it’s simple. There may be some readers who want to move from the popular disco hit ‘‘Fifth of Beethoven” to the real thing. Beethoven’s Fifth is the cornerstone of any classical record codec tion. 
The work is a musical and historical monument. 
This disc lives up to the reputations of the con­ ductor, the composer and the Chicago Symphony. 
Purists may argue that 
Toscanini or 
Furtwangler may have done this better. Well, that’s fine, except that for modern listeners the sound of those performances is so bad only a de­ termined musicologist can appreciate them. 
We have to pit the Solti recording against mo­ dern versions — not some electronically repro­ cessed version of the eternal echoes still floating through the walls of the hall in Vienna where it was first performed. 
Apparently London feels this individual offering is superior to an earlier one Solti released with the 
Vienna Philharmonic (also on London). 
As a set, I understand the Solti 9 is outstanding 
— better, I hear, than the Bicentennial Beethoven 
Edition by Herbert von Karajan and the Berlin 
Philharmonic on Deutsche Gramophone. 
I don’t know. I only have the Karajan set at this point. 
I will be perfectly honest, however, I think the 
Fifth is one of Karajan’s best performances. It is brisk and melodious and has momentum that is fresh and exciting. The sound is clear and precise even though the recording is seven years old. It may just be a question of familiarity. 
Solti gives a gutsy, almost explosive rendition and London’s engineers give this one all they’ve got and then some. It is a loud, full-bodied and powerful recording that matches the style of the conductor. 
I cannot compare the two sets as yet, but indivi­ dual tastes will dictate which of these individual 
Fifths one prefers. We are not talking about a choice between good and bad. These are both ex­ cellent offerings despite differences in age of re­ cording, the style of conducting and the sound on . the discs. 
In any event, the new Solti release offers listeners a marked choice. 

“The Best o f San Antonio” 
S l X O A l 

 i R K i g a z i n o 

RON STRAIT-Editor 

BOX 2171, SAN ANTONIO, 78297 

225-741 I EXT. 322 

H O N THE COVERM 
Summer '77 is almost upon us and for many a San Antonians the warm weather will mean vacation time. This week's SUNDAY Magazine offers sev­ eral interesting places you might want to visit. And don’t forget, your San 
Antonio area travel agent can help you with ideas and planning if and when you need it. 

 r n 
UNUSUAL THINGS TO DO 
& BUY IN SAN ANTONIO AND OUR AREA. 

Waterful, 
Waferful 

One of our staff members stole this fantastic toy from his kid and brought it down to the office where it's been a bigger hit than the latest issue of Playboy. 

The toy is called the Waterful Ring Toss. 

It's a clear container filled with water and holding some small plastic rings. When you push a button on the bottom of the container, the rings swirl wonderfully through the water and if you're skillful, or lucky, or whatever, the rings wind up on a couple of spikes sticking up in the con­ tainer. 

But it’s a game where winning doesn’t 

 really matter as much as the enjoyment of simply watching the rings float in slow- motion through the water. 

There's also a Waterful Tic-Tac-Toe, 

 which works on the same principle but the object is to swirl some tiny balls onto a tic-tac-toe arrangement. We haven’t tried it yet, but it looks like as much fun as the 
Ring Toss. 

Waterful Ring Toss and Waterful 
Tic-Tac-Toe/$ 4 .9 5 /Toy Stores. 

_ r * l h * r j 
J P ' 
, i v i 
» 

Dapple in Apples 

The Great American Apple Pie Contest is still going as hot as . . . well, apple pie. 
For those who came in late, Try-lt! is having a 

 contest to find out which San Antonio restaurant serves the best apple pie. 
There are few restrictions. The pie can be 

 traditional or innovative. To enter, all a restaurant 

 needs to do is to bring a whole apple pie to the 
Express and News Sunday Office any morning 
Monday through Friday. 

There are still two weeks left for the contest. The 

 winner will be announced, along with a photo of the winning pie and chef, in a later issue of Try It! 

„ 
B e s t 
, 
Restaurants 

T e x a s 

 a critical guide with menus in all price ranges 

BY THI: I-DI TORS OI TEXAS CK IHC 
ANN VALI NUNE 
DI R RO. E V ANS,J AMI S MEDLIN 

Hie Eats of Texas 

 lf you’re dedicated to dining out, and particularly if you travel about Texas, you’ll be interested in a paperback book, “ Best Res­ taurants Texas.’’ 
Published curiously enough by 

 a San Francisco firm, the book uses Texas-based editors to list the better restaurants in San 
Antonio, Austin, Dallas, Fort 
Worth and Houston. 
The selection of San Antonio 

 restaurants is really disappointing 
— only seven restaurants listed, and one could easily argue about some of the inclusions (such as 

Hung Fong and not King Wah). 
But there are healthy reviews 

 of many restaurants in other Tex­ as cities, and the book has the advantage of reprinting menus from its selected restaurants so that you know what you’re in for in terms of price as well as food. 
In addition the editors suggest 

 a few dishes at each restaurant that they find particularly ap­ pealing. 

B ill 
Restaurants 
Texas/ 
1o1 
Productions Publish- or/ $2.95 

EXPRESS-NEWS SUNDAY MAGAZINE— May 15, 1977 
PAGE 3 

DEBBIE SIMON 
3515 William Penn 
JOHN MARSHALL HIGH SCHOOL 
Debbie Simon always seems to be doing things for others. 
Volunteer work is an integral part of her life, as natural as attending classes and leading the pep squad. The muscular dystrophy foundation, arthritis foundation, UNICEF and Easter Seals are just' some of the organizations that have benefited from her efforts. She enjoys visiting nursing homes and children’s wards in hospitals, taking gifts or cookies she made herself. The past three years she donated her time selling 
Christmas trees at a Northside Optimist Club lot. 
She has been lead acolyte at St. George Episcopal Church three years, taught vacation Bible school and worked in the church nursery. 
Pep squad isn’t just performing before a football crowd for Debbie. A co-colonel, she chaired sales of candy and football programs ads last year, and was the top seller of football ads three years. 
A recipient of the Scholarship Medal for the highest grade point average in her pep squad class as a sophomore, Debbie won medals her first three years at Marshall for highest merits and was named "Pep 
Squad Girl of the Month” several times. 
Debbie maintains an “A” average in her studies and is ranked 1oth in her class of 65o. She has received “M ” awards for Biology I, American 
History, Spanish I and II, English III honors class and pep squad. 
Debbie is president of the Spanish Club, treasurer of the J-Club and a member of the National Honor Society, Mu Alpha Theta, the Paragon 
Party, Inter-Club Council, National Spanish Honor Society and Society of Distinguished American High School Students. 
Debbie enjoys dancing, sewing, needlework, poster art and tutoring. 
In keeping with her desire to help others, she plans to study pre-medicine at Texas Tech University. She will soon be honored by the Optimist Club of San Antonio. 

CO N GRATU LATIO NS. 
I ■ ■ i T O t r n 

South Dakota wildlife paradise 

PR O N G H O RN in W ind Cave National 
Park 
EUROPE 

CHARTERS 

 a r n 
LOW COST 
SUMMER CHARTERS 

 u $ 
VEGAS 

^oo " 

5Wlr»RUHD 
MAKE RESERVATIONS NOW! 
FOR INFORMATION ON AU CHARTERS 
CALL (512) 828-81o1 
W o rld Tifeuel 
Center 53o8 BROADWAY 
SAN ANTONIO, TEXAS 782o9 828*81o1 

 ll ll ITR R M M ll RIM 
, n i l 
R PI l l l l , 
I 

PAGE 4 
EXPRESS-NEWS SUNDAY MAGAZINE— Moy 15,1977 

HAWAII 

M a y 25th 
8 D ay s 
7 N igh ts 
*416 
OO 

> 7 nights accom m odations at M arin a 
Hotel 
> Roundtrtp airfare from San Antonio 
> Lei G reeting 
1 Round Trip Transfers 
B a g ga g e handling 
1 G et together breakfast and briefing 
City Sightseeing Tour 
All Taxes. 

SHERATON WAIKIKI HOTEL AVAILABLE 
AT A SUPPLEMENT OF $131.oo PER PERSON 

AIR TARE only Available $327.oo from San Antonio 

Call or W rite for m ore inform ation 
SI 2-828-5629 

S afariw orld Travel 
9oo \.E . Loop 41o, 
San Antonio, Texas 782o9 

 atm: 

From Page I on the refuge until they reach a nesting age of four or five years. La- 
C reek’s open w ater creeks in w inter and abundant vegetation pro­ vide good habitat for the swan. 
Lake Andes National 
Wildlife Refuge, located just east of Lake Andes on Highway 5o, is an­ other migration stop and production area in the chain of federal refuges. 
The 6,ooo-acre refuge provides a winter home for thousands of m al­ lards and blue-winged teals. 
Currently engaged in providing production and nesting areas for teals and the ring-necked pheasant, the refuge also adm inisters IOO w ater­ fowl production areas in southeastern South Da­ kota. 
It maintains a marked wildlife trail from April through October which combines a good hike with interesting wildlife viewing. 
The trail wanders through wooded areas and by m arshes and ponds th at host coots, ducks, pheasants, many common birds and whitetail deer. 
Lake Andes National 
Wildlife Refuge also ad­ m in iste rs the 
Karl 
Mundt Wildlife Refuge, 8 miles west, which is the home for about 2oo bald and golden eagles during the winter months. 
A viewing area for the eagles has been estab­ lished below the Ft. 
Randall Dam, since the 
Mundt Refuge is closed to public visitation. 
An integral function of the national wildlife re­ fuge system is preserv­ ing wetlands and water­ fowl production areas. 
Westlands in South Da­ kota, both publicly and privately owned, furnish breeding, nesting and m igration areas for many kinds of wildlife. 
The waterfowl produc­ tion areas (WPA’s) are open to public hunting and trapping and there are hundreds of WPA’s for feed and nesting cover, fence and post the areas for protection and use the WPA’s for re­ search. 
All of the federal re­ fuges in South Dakota 
(except the Karl Mundt 
Refuge) are open for public visits. Birdwatch­ ing at the Dakota refuges is best during the spring and fall m onths, alth­ ough certain waterfowl can be seen throughout the year. Each refuge publishes a bird list for birders. 
A stop at the refuge office is recommended to visitors. Staff there can suggest interesting roads and trails and offer ad­ vice on where to spot wildlife and view the refuge at its best. 
National w ildlife re­ fuges m South Dakota play a significant part in the conservation of wild­ life. Bul for the casual visitor, the wildlife re­ fuges also hold the glor­ ious opportunity to see something not often en­ counter - things living wild^^d free. 

LAS 
VEGAS 
3 Nights 
*219 Including 

ROUNDTRIP AIRFARE, DELUXE HOTEL, 
TRANSFERS, 
B A G G A G E 
H A N D L IN G , 

TIPS & TAXES. 
Safariworld Travel 
** 
•HMt Vf. Iah>i> HO, 
Sa n I m o u rn , I !■ x i i 7H2(W 

FOR INFORMATION CALL (512) 8 2 8 -5 6 2 9 

PLEASE SEND ME MORE INFORMATION. 
§ 

■ (EN) a j| 
N a m e ______________________________________ p 

■ 
Address-------------------------------------------------------------I 

J 
City --------------------------------------------------------------- 
| 

State 
Zip 

In Today’s 
Want Ads 

Turn to the Classified section and 

 check over the large selection of 

 good buys right now. 

Express/News 

Classified Ads 

PHONE 
225-1666 

Trust Tramways to take your vacation seriously, so you can take it easy. 
TVailways knows what makes a great es­ corted tour — a professionally planned itinerary, outstanding accommodations, and a friendly, knowledgeable escort. TVust 
TVailways. We’re the travel experts. 
□ N atchez P ilgrim age/E vangeline 
C ou ntry— 6 days. March 21. Includes New 
Orleans, antebellum homes. 
□ W ashington, W illiam sburg & the South 
— 17 days. April 2. Features Disney World, 
Charleston, Williamsburg, Washington. 
□ P acific N orthw est/C anadian R ockies— 
22 days. Four summer departures. 
Highlights Banff, Vacouver, Grand Tetons. 
□ M exico— 14 days. Monthly departures. 
Includes Mexico City, Acapulco, Taxco. 
□ W estern T reasures— 19 days. June ll; 
July 3o. Features Yosemite, San Francisco, 
Disneyland. 
□ E astern C anada'N ew England — 
22 days. June ll; July 16. Highlights 
Thousand Islands. Montreal, Quebec 
O Y ollow stone/Tetons/Black H ills— 
14 days. June 25, July 3o. Includes 
Mi. Rushmere, Royal Gorge, Aspen. 
□ Nova S cotia— 22 days. July 23. Features 
Halifax, Bar Harbor, New England. 

□ O zark/Sm oky M ountain Autumn — 
9 days. October 15. Features fall foliage, bluegrass country. Grand Ole Opry. 

□ New England Eastern C anada— 
June ll; July 2 & 23. Includes Jamestown, 
Mount Vernon, Stat ue of Liberty. 

Check the tours that interest you and mail with this coupon to the address below. 
NAME ________________________________ 
ADDRESS_____________________________ 
CITY ___ 
STATE 
Z IP - 
(.‘ontact your Travel Agent or 
Intom bs 

Ag** fit o f ( o iitm rn ta f T r a ils av •» T o u rs, In c /T rail vt av s 

T rav el B u re a u C o rp . 
3o1 Broadway 
San Antonio, TX 782o5 
(512) 226-3o53 

Beyond the expected. Hawaii. 

YOU COULD 
HEAR ABOUT IT 
ALL YOUR LIFE AND 
NEVER BE PREPARED 
FOR THE EXPERIENCE 
OF BEING THERE. 

HAWAII - 
ON THE ONLY DAILY 
747 NON-STOP FROM 
DALLAS-FORT W ORTH. 

Golden sand and long, surfing waves on Waikiki 
Beach. Spectacular sunsets and ceremonial torches lighted to the haunting sound of the conch-shell. Balmy nights filled with softly sighing melodies and flowery fragrances. Willowy dances, luaus, pageantry born of a 
South Pacific past of age-old traditions. Nothing you’ve heard about Hawaii can equal the experience of being there. Braniff makes it all possible right now with roman­ tic Hawaii Vacations with Flying Colors for every budger and with a special credit plan. 

BE YOND-TI IE-EXPECTED HAWAII-PAY NO 
MORE THAN Sl-A-DAY W ITH FLYING COLORS 
TRAVEL CREDIT. 
Any air travel or vacation package that includes at least one Braniff flight qualifies for Flying Colors Travel 
.Credit. You can finance up to $829 over 36 months and pay no more than $l-a-day or $3o a month. Your deferred payment price would he $1,o8o ( 36 monthly payments of 
$3o) including the finance charge computed at an an­ nual percentage rate of 18% where authorized by state law. Theres no required down payment and first payment is not due for 3o to 43 days. Lesser amounts of travel money tun be repaid sooner at $l-a-day or at less than 
$l-a-day. Larger amounts are available at higher repayment rates. 
TH is new travel credit service is provided ar 
Braniff s request exclusively through authorized travel agents in .til states (except Alaska, Arkansas, Maine, 
Vermont) by Associates Financial Services. Travel 
Agents can approve immediately many credit applications up to $73o. 

THE SMOOTH I SOUTl I ERX NON-STOP ROUTE 
TO HONOLULU. 
Fly Braniff to Dallas-Fort Worth, make same- terminal connections and fly non-stop to Honolulu. 
Avoid West Coast delays and weather problems. Be­ tween flights at Dallas-Fort Worth, Braniff serves coffee, soft drinks and fresh fruit juices at no charge in the Surfer 
Room, reserved exclusively for our Hawaii passengers 
— located between gates 9 and IO in the Braniff terminal, right next to rile Honolulu check-in counter. 
En route to Hawaii, Braniff offers Coach passengers a choice of entrees, complimentary French wine, a spacious lounge with stand-up bar, wing back chairs — and at nominal cost, wide-screen movies and multi-channel stereo. 

HAWAII VACATIONS WITH FLYING COLORS 
Consult your Travel Agent or Braniff for further information on Braniff s Hawaii Vacations with Flying 
Colors, special air tares and $l-a-Day Travel Credit. 
Or, mail the coupon. 

 r*B ra n itt In te rn a tio n a l 
F lying C o lo rs — R oom 9o8 
P O . Box 35oo1, Dallas, Texas 75235 
Please send me more information on your 
I iawaii Vacations w ith Flying Colors. 
□ $47 3-$661 
Including round trip Eeonotm ait tare. 
($483-$66l June 27-Aug. 5o) 

H aw aiian H o s p ita lity H oliday. 8 dass, 
I or 3 islands (O ahu, M aui, I iaw aii). 
Including hotels, inter-island air fares, airport transfers and guided sightseeing. 
Fixed M onday departures— your Travel 
Agent or Braniff can arrange for your inclusion in a group. Advance booking, deposit and paym ent requirements; check for details. 
(1 T H D M H H T W T H A 7 , B7. CT) 
□ $829 
Including round trip Econoim air fare. 

T he Royal O rc h id , 14 days, 4 islands 
(M aui, H aw aii, O ahu, Kau.i i ). Inclu d­ ing inter-island air tares, hotels, guided sightseeing and airport transfers. Hived 
Saturday departures. 
(IT 7 B N T S IR o 1 3) 
□ $555-8681 including round trip Hconotm air fare. 

Fly and D riv e Vacation, 7 days, I or more islands. Includes hotels, raves, Na tional rental car w ith unlim ited mileage and lia b ility insurance. Price range de­ pending on day of departure — weekends higher—and hotel chosen. Gasoline and inter-island air fares additional. 
(IT 7 B N IT T 1 .2 ,3.4) 
AH prices per person, double on. up,mc\ (single accommodation higher) and subject to change 
Meals additional unless st areel othervv ise. 
NAME__________________________ 

ADDRESS 

CITY_____ 

STATE___ 
ZIP _ 
NAME OF MY TRAVEL AG ENC 7Y 

FOR RESERVAT IONS CALL 
YOUR TRAV EL AGENT OR 
BRANIFF AT 224-4941 
...2 4 HOURS ADAY. 
BRANIFF 
T O HAWAII VV I TI I FLYING C O LO RS 

EXPREft-NEWS S U N RAY M A G AZ IN E— M a y 15, 1977 
PAGE 5 

Lincoln Heritage Trail takes traveler over A b e ’s route 

On Feb. 12, 1861, the 
Illinois State Journal re­ ported that "despite bad weather . . . hundreds of his fellow citizens . . . as-i sem bled . . . to md nim 
G odspeed.” 
It was shortly before 8 p.m. with the tall Haunt president-elect and his party boarded the train 

 that would carry him to 
Washington and immor­ tality. 
As he stood on the platform of the rear car, 
Abraham Lincoln bared his head to the rain and spoke to his friends. “ . .. 
No one, not in my situa­ tion can appreciate my feeling of sadness at this 

 parting. 
“To this place, and the kindness of these people, 
I owe everything. . . . I now leave, not knowing when, or whether ever, I may return, and a task before me greater than that which rested upon 
Washington. 
“ W ithout the a ssis- 

HAWAII 77... FEEL TH 
Hawaiian Hospitality Tours 
*469 

Total price 

 from 

San Antonio 

• Frequent one week and two week tours available 

• Featuring group travel rates with individual attention 

• C hoose one week (one or three islands) or two weeks (four islands). 

• Choice of fam ous hotels 

• Price includes Braniff 747 non-stop from Dallas Ft Worth and connecting flight from your city 

See your travel agent for all Trade Wind 'o u rs to Aswail, Mexico and the Orient 
TRADE WIND TOURS OF HAWAII 

 tance of that Divine Be­ ing, who ever attended him, I cannot succeed. 
With that assistance, I can not fail. Trusting in 
Him who can go with me and remain with you and be everywhere for good, let us confidently hope that all will yet be well. 
“ To his care c o m ­ mending you, as I hope in your prayers you will commend me, I bid you an a ffec tio n a te farewell.” 
Every year thousands of people travel along the 
2,2oo mile Lincoln Heri­ tage 
Trail that flows the footsteps of Abraham 
Lincoln from his birth in 
K entucky through his boyhood in Indiana and on to Illinois where he spoke those memorable words before departing for 
W ashington to shoulder the g r ea te st challenge our country had yet faced. 
The Lincoln Heritage 
T rail is a ctu a lly a network of highways that 

 r 
■ 
■ 
■ 
■ 
■ i 
■ 
■ 
■ 
■ 
■ 
■ 
■ 
■ 
■ 
■ 
■ 

Sn 

Guadalajara 
4 days/3 nights 
Guadalajara/Puerto Vallarta or 
Guadalajara/Mazatlan 
$ 
8 days/7 nights from99 

 per person, double occupancy, plus airfare. 

 per person, double occupancy, plus airfare. 

If you want to see the real Mexico, we’ve got the best tours going. To G uadalajara, the home of the m ariachis, and the most M exican city in Mexico. We give you four days to take it all in, with three nights at a great hotel included. And at these prices, you can afford to see a lot more. So take our tour to 
Puerto Vallarta or Mazatlan, too. And you'll get four more nights at a top notch hotel in either resort. 
At the lowest price going. And on both tours, you get welcome cocktails, full breakfasts every day, sightseeing, night club cover charges, and more. A nother big extra: when you fly with us, theres no added airfare for the stopover in Guadalajara. So see your travel agent. Send us this coupon. 
Or call 8oo-421-83o1, toll-free, for reservations. And get going yourself. 

M exicana Airlines, -131 N. St. M ary’s, San Antonio, TX 782o5. 

I d like to get going myself. Send me more information about your tours. 
□ To G uadalajara 
□ To Guadalajara Puerto Vallarta 
□ To G uadalajara/M azatlan 
TOCK coot- IT UMX 1 HKMO 
TOUR COOK IT6.MX 1HFMO 
TOUR CODE IT6MX IHFMl) 

Name 

City 

My travel agent is 

Address 

.S tate Zip 
Phone 

Fly Mexicana to Mexico. For the best tours going. 

The airline most people fly to Mexico. 

PAGE 6 
EXPRESS-NEW S SU NDAY M A G A Z IN E — M a y 15, 1977 

■ f i f e * * ! 

LO G C A B IN on Lincoln farm is popular visitor stop 

 m eander through the land that young Lincoln knew and loved. 
It links together en ­ ough of his life — his homes and his haunts — to provide a good profile of the forces that in ­ fluenced his early years. 
The Trail traveler will encounter a wide variety of experiences. 
For the area, steeped in history, also is known for its scen ic beauty which changes dramati­ cally with each passing season. 
And each year, parti­ cularly during late sp rin g, sum m er and early fall, a variety of festivals and fairs pro­ vide an atmosphere of pageantry and e x c ite ­ ment in many of the towns that line the Trail border. 
But whether or not a spt'cial celebration is in progress, the Trail is a mem orable experience, made so in great m ea­ sure by the warmth and welcom e of those who live so close to history that it has become a way of life. 
A variety of fine motels and restaurants are to be found along the way. 
State parks and private campgrounds provide fa­ cilities for tents, trailers and motor homes. The fishin’ is good and livin’ is easy in the Land of 
Lincoln. 
While theoretically the circular route has no be­ ginning nor end, a logi­ cal place to start a Lin­ coln Heritage Trail trip is at the Abraham Lin­ coln Birthplace National 
Historic Site near Hod­ 

 genville, Kentucky. 
Here, the cabin of his birth is enshrined in m agnificent stone m e­ morial building. Just a few m iles away is Lin­ coln’s second Kentucky hom e at Knob Creek 
F arm , now p rivately owned and operated, but open to the public. 
Actually, Lincoln his­ tory in Kentucky dates back to 1782 when Cap­ tain Abraham Lincoln, the grandfather of the 
16th President, moved to 
Kentucky from Virginia. 
At the 
Lincoin 
H om estead 
Park in 

Springfield, Kentucky, there’s a replica of the cabin in which Captain 
Lincoln’s wife, Bathshe- ba, reared their five sons after her husband was killed in an Indian raid. 
Here, too, stands the original hom e of the 
Francis Berry fam ily where Nancy Hanks lived when Thomas Lincoln came to court her. . 
One of the bloodiest battles of the Civil War took place at Perryville, 
Kentucky. 
The encounter marked the end of attempts by 

The $29.5o 
"Lakeway Escape it 

S penal low rate of $29.5o per person per day, double occupancy, includes: 
• Accommodations overlooking 
Lake Travis 
• Breakfast (Choice of Menu) 
• Lunch (Choice of Menu) 
• Welcoming Cocktail 
• Unlimited Tennis 
• Unlimited Golf 
• Horseback Riding 
• Boating—water skiing, sailing and fishing boats 
Children under 16 half price if occupying sam e room w ith parents 

M inimum tw o-day stay. Tax and gratuity not included 

Call Toll Free 1-8oo-252-9222 

LeJoeway~Ini\ & R esort 

IQI Lakeway Drive •Austin, Texas 78734 

TTO 

Z A RENNERT WORLD TRAVEL, INC. 
NO R TH STAR M A IL 
TR IN ITY UN IVER SITY 
349-2761 
736-721 I 
W IN D S O R P A R K M A LL 6 5 4 - 6 3 1 o 

HAW AII 
JULY 14-21, 1977 

* 6 NIGH TS AT SHERATON W A IK IK I 
* RO UND TRIP FARE FRO M SA N AN T O N IO 
* PEARL H ABO R CRUISE 

* FLOWER LEI GREETINGS 
* FULLY ESCORTED FRO M SA N A N T O N IO 
$499 OO 

[""please se n d me a d d it io n a l INFORMATION ""! 
V A 
V 
” 
J O N JULY 14 21 HAW AII TOUR i nam£ i c s j ADDRESS j 
\ 

I PHONE 
I 

 jjlT Y .............................STATE.............ZIP....... 

Along 
Lincoln trail 
 the Confederates to take 
K entu ck y. M ore than 
4,2oo Union soldiers and 
1,8oo C o n fe d e ra te sol diers died in that battle 
A museum at the Per ryVille Battlefield State 
Shrine houses relics of the fight. 
Thomas 
Lincoln moved his family to In d ian a when A b ra h a m was seven. 
The area where they settled is now the site of the A b ra h a m L incoln 
Boyhood N atio nal Me morial near Lincoln City 
W alking down the tree-lined path beyond the simple grave of his m o th er, N ancy H anks 
Lincoln, you find a small cabin w h e re a well- versed guide will tell you tales of L incoln’s life here. Out back there’s a sm okehouse and logs waiting to be split, and s c a tte r e d in the side yard. 
The g a rd e n a re a is planted and tilled by hand, just as it was in 
Lincoln’s day. And the barnyard is alive with the sounds of farm ani­ mals. 
At Vincennes, Indiana, you’ll discover a replica of the 
W e ste rn 
Sun 
Newspaper office. 
It is said th a t this paper greatly influenced young Lincoln. When the family was journeying from Indiana to Illinois, they rested in Vincennes and 
A b ra h a m had a chance to visit the Wes­ tern Sun office and chat with the editor. E lihu 
Stout. 
Today the presses are silent, but if s not hard to imagine what a thrill it must have been for this shy, a w k w a rd young man to smell prin ter’s ink for the first time and watch the paper roll off the press. 
The Thomas 
Lincoln family crossed into Illin­ ois near Lawrenceville. 
A monument now m arks the exact point of entry. 
T h o m as and 
S a ra h 
Bush Lincoln eventually settled near Charleston, 
Illinois. The Lincoln Log 
Cabin State Park is now located on the site where they spent th e ir final years. 
But Abraham decided it was time to leave home and moved on to New 
Salem. Today, this vil­ lage has been recreated at Lincoln’s New Salem 
Sate State Park. 
Twelve tim ber houses, 
IO shops, stores and in- dustires, the school and 
R utledge T av ern have been r e p r o d u c e d and authentically furnished. 
Even flowers and trees have been planted for historical au thenticity. 
Abraham Lincoln spent six years in New Salem before s e t tl in g in 
Springfield. 
F or a free b ro ch u re and map of the Lincoln 
H eritag e T ra il, w rite: 
Lincoln H eritage T rail 
F o u n d a tio n , 7o2 B loo­ m in g to n R o ad , C h a m ­ paign. IL 6182o. 
For assistance with all your Sum m er ‘77 travel plans, contact your San 
Antonio a re a tra v e l agent. 
EXPRESS-NEWS SUNDAY M AGAZINE— M ay IS, 1977 
PAGE 7 

We pp American Airlines. Doing whuj we do best 
The best way to see 
California: Fly/Drive. 

Fly to C alifornia on A m erica’s No. I airline. Pick up your car at any Am erican 
Airlines city when you arrive. Spend the next 
7 days driving where and when you want to 
... and the next 6 nights staying at com fortable hotels all over the state. 
When you're ready togo hom e, just drop your car off in the city where you catch your Am erican flight back. 
That's Am erican Airlines' 
Fly-Drive V acation Package— the lowest cost and most flexible 
Fly-Drive available. And the only one that offers both sightseeing and dining options. 
Am erican's Fly-Drive is perfect for people w ho would like to discover California on their ow n, at their own pace. 
It’s also a great idea for families who would normally make the trip in their own car. C onsider this: To take four people to California by car, it would cost approxim ately $ I OO per day for food, lodging, gas and extras. Plus all the vacation tim e you lose by driving. Not to w mention the wear and tear on everybody. 
When you add it all up, we think you'll find that your fam ily can save valuable vacation days and dollars vv itll an American Fly-Drive Vacation Package. For details, call Am erican or your Travel Agent. Saving you m oney is one of the things we do best. 

The 
American 
Experienc 
Fly/Drive j Vacation- 
Family Style 
J 
J 

’’*3o.9oper day * 
V Couples Styl 

\ 
$ 2 7 .9 o p e r c ia v .. 

* $3o.9o per day (for up to 4 people). Includes accom­ modations at How ard Johnson Minor Lodges or Quality 
Inns plus a Dollar Rent-A-Car'(Pinto or equal) w ith unlimited mileage (gas and taxes extra). Air fare not included. 
* * $27.9o per day (for 2 people). Includes accom m oda­ tions at Best Western Hotels. Same deal on Dollar Rent-A-Car. 
Air fare not included. Rates for both packages based on s / 6 nights. (At some hotels there’s a surcharge.) 

Vmerican is the No. I choice for domestic travel. 
First the Airline Passengers Association surveyed its frequent-flying members. Then the Opinion 
Research Corporation surveyed middle and 

‘ — management executives. In both cases, norc people preferred American than any other U.S. airline. We think it’s 

% because of 36 thousand courteous, 
\ efficient American employees. 

' 
\ 
A nd one of them is Stun 
\ 
Warren, baggage sen ice 

\ agent here in San fS , 
Antonio. 

SKUSE 41V* IM H 3 l f ! B iff ffl 

SAfARIWORlD TRAVEL PRESENTS Choice: Tahiti 

Texas Gateway 
Vacations 

Special S a v in g s on a W e e k in the Sun! 

JAMAICA 
56 + $289 = $345 

8 Days, 7 Nights 

Air Fare and Hotel 

’ Total price per person, double occupancy — includes 

 special discount airline fare to Houston, where you’ll 

 connect with a money-saving OTC Charter Tour via Air 
Jamaica, 
Texas 
International or 
Braniff 
Airlines. 
Reservations up to 2o days before dep. 

" 
F O R IN F O R M A T IO N , C A LL 
SAFARIWORLD Adventure 
TRAVEL 
9oo N X LOOP A 1o 828-5629 W m U .3 ./ V . inc. 
Petroleum Center 
J 

ACAPULCO 
*56 + S199 = $255* 

8 Days, 7 Nights 

Air Fare and Hotel 

$56 + s249 = *3o5* 

PAGE 8 
EXPRESS-NEWS SUNDAY MAGAZINE— May 15, 19/7 
Princess Hotels International 
Acapulco • G uadalajara • Baham as • Bermuda • Europe • USA 

Call or W rite for M o re In fo rm atio n 

8 Days, 7 Nights, Air Fare,Hotel, 

Golf, Tennis and More 

And let Braniff show you how with Flying Colors. 

O na B ran iff/P rin cessVacation with 
Flying Colors you can fall in love with a Princess Resort in Mexico for 6 days/ 
5 nights for as little as S73, double occupancy. Or 8 days/7 nights for as little as $96, double occupancy. 
(IT 6 BM EX-FION) 
Acapulco Princess. 
One of the most exotic Princesses, rising above the Rtcific in a dazzling Mayan- style pyramid. A show case of Mexican art, handicrafts, landscaping and architecture. 
Pierre M arques Princess. 
A sporty, yet quietly elegant Princess, featuring the premier golf facility of 

Mexico’s Pacific coast. Classic Acapulco living, with service that recognizes individual guest requirements. 
El Tapatio Princess. 
A romantic, fairy-tale resort with Mex­ ican cuisine praised bv travel writers everywhere. The only complete resort in G uadalajara. 
In Freeport, Baham as, 3 outstanding 
Princess Botels make the choices equal­ ly attractive, with Flying Color rates that start at $84 for 4 days/3 nights, double occupancy.! i t 6 BN1EX-FIOO) 
Baham as Princess. 
The action, inevitably, centers around this Princess. One of the largest most exciting resorts in the world, it is at the 

 heart of the Grand Bahama Island's celebrated attractions. 
Princess Tower. 
This beauti!ul luxury tower is of a fairy-tale Moorish design, connecting with El Casino and a stunning 12-acre international shopping bazaar. 
Xanadu Princess. 
A very, very private Princess. But one with a great reputation for luxury and hospitality, overlooking the crystal blue waters of its own yacht haven. 

See your travel agent. 

Be ll help you decide w hich Princess to fall in love with. 

HAWAII 
• 
1977 
7 D o ys,6 N ig h ts From 4 6 4 .o o 
8 D ays, 7 N ig h ts From 4 8 1 .o o 
A irfa re H o te l* a n d S ig h tse e in g In clu d e d 

H AW AII— AIRFARE ONLY $ 3 2 7 . o o 

ACAPULCO- 
4 D ays, 3 N ig h t s — 
$1 7 9 oo 
M a jo r H o lid a y W e e k e n d s 

In clu de* A irfa re H o te l a n d T r o t t e r s 

- C ARIBBEAN CRUISE- 
For O n e W e e k V isitin g San Juan 
St. M a a rte n an d St. T hom as 

*5 o o °° includes A irfa re from 

San 
Antonio, 
Transfers, 
S ta te ­ room , A ll M e a ls an d O th er C ruises 
A m enities. 

S a f a r i t c o r l d T r a v e l 

•M H I VE. limp HO. 
San Antonio. Texas 782o9 

( 5 1 2 ) 8 2 8 - 5 6 2 9 

Express-News Want: 

= A d s 2 2 5 -1 6 6 6 = 

"Come fall in love with a Princess” 

% 

J p r ^ 

' 1.$^' .7 . 

BAHAMAS 

F rom Page I 
French Polynesia comes in from the outer islands. 
The town never closes. 
Dancing, drinking, sing­ ing goes on all night. You sleep when you get tired. 
(Jet up and go again. 
The best island dancers come to town. 
Tahitian dancing — the girl could drive a rivet w ith her hips. 
Boy Meets Girl. Plenty of drum beat and guitar action. 
It’s carnival. It’s ex­ hausting. 

 or 

ADD FOR MAMAS traveling with children: 
I ve seen European w o­ men on planes give the moppets a jigger or two of beer. Puts them to sleep. 

Paul Bougenaux of 
Plaza Athenee. P aris: 
“ Cher Ami: Michelin 
Guide this year has given 

Problems? Questions? 
(ie! Help Fast. 

Vt'rite HOT LINE. 

In The N ew s Every D ay. 

Fiji 

 our restaurant their five 
Red Forks for quality of decor and service. . . 

Dirk Brink of Deak & 
Co. in Bong Kong: “ By the time the world gets around to agreeing on a ban on ivory importation, there will be no more ivory to worry about, as all elephants will have been shot out. 

“ L ast year to cover 
Bong 
Kong im ports alone, 6o,ooo elephants had to be shot. The year before it was the same. 
And it will be the same again this year. . .” 

GUARDSMAN at Tivoli Park, Copenhagen, 
Denm ark, greet* visitor* to the world fam ous attraction. Tivoli is included in I heater San 
Antonio’* 18-dav tour to four countries which d ep arts Ju n e 3. F o r in form ation con tact 
O verseas Travel Company, 828-5 HO. 

 i i lf! t h e b l a c k 1 c l o y 

Down Mexico Way 

COYOTEPEC, Mex. - 
Maybe you have sw n the black pottery from Mexi­ co. Most of it is made in this village about 9 miles south of the city of Oaxa­ ca. 
And som e of the finest p ieces that end up in plush shops around the world are turned out by an eld erly lady named 
Dona Rosa. 
Just about every house in Coyotepcc is a home- 

By JOHN ABNEY 

 factory setu p for the black pottery that has put 
Oaxaca on the arts and cra fts m ap. But Dona 
Rosa is num ber one in this field. 
So we stood outside her adobe hom e, talk in g 

You can be another jump ahead of the world in 1977! 
Park now open Saturdays and Sundays from 1o am for tickets and hotel reservations call toll-free 
1-8oo-792-1122 o r 
1-8oo-433-1596 
SM T E X A S 
OUTSIDE TEXAS 

For Park information call our San Antonio Regional Office 
342-o877 
SIX FLAGS' 
□VER TEXAS 

 about the array of items sh e m a k es. It seem ed strange that a skinny lit­ tle old lady like Rosa w ould s t ill have the stren g th to pound out things from the heavy clay. But she does. 
She kneels on a straw mat and begins working a hefty ball of clay on a flat stone. Her left hand d ig s into th e clay and turns it slowly while her right hand tap tap taps, smooths and shapes. 
In an am azingly short tim e, you have a jar, a pitcher or bulging pot. 
One thing I noticed was that the clay is a gray color. And I asked what happened to m ake it black. 
“The oven,” she said, leading me to a large fire pit. The pieces are laid carefully inside and the pit is covered with sheets of co rru g a ted m etal. 
Then the clay items are baked until they are a well done black. 
“It is the clay of faith,’’ she said . “ The clay of love that b eco m es the color of the sorrow that runs in my race.” This being part of a poem de­ dicated to black clay and taught to school children of this region. 
“ What is the special thing that m akes your pottery come out a little b etter than all the others?” I asked. 
Her eyes sparkled with am u sem en t from the depths of her lined and wrinkled face while she thought it over. Then she 

Express-News Want Ads 225-1666: 
CARIBBEAN CRUISE 

 the* Port of Corpus Christi 
T DAYS CHINS! CAUING AT: 
PLAYA del CARMEN/COZUMEL 
& MONTEGO BAY, JAMAICA 
June 3 thru IO 
Cruise The Newest Ship Afloat: 
M/8 K A Z A K H S T A N 

16,6oo tons and built in Finland in 1976, registered in the U.S.S.R., the 
M/S KAZAKHSTAN meets all International Safety Standards for new ships developed in 196o and the 1966 Fire Safety Requirements. LIMITED 
CABIN SPACE AVAILABLE 

FROM5 
CALL 1-512-855-3351 
' K U M 
For Reservations & Brecht*** or 
$465 to 
CAU YOUR TRAVEL AGENT 
$96o Per Person Based On Double Occupancy Plus Port Taxes 

FOR INFORMATION AND BOOKINGS ON THE 
JUNE 3rd M /S KAZAKHSTAN CRUISE FROM 
CORPUS CHRISTI 
11 
Edwards Travel Services 
1 A A I T R I v A L L 543o Fredericksburg Rd. San Antonio 
* mf I 

 sh ru gged and said, “ I work the clay with the love that is necessary to do anything well.” 
Then she showed me through the house, which also serves as the sales departm ent. There are long shelves of her fine work on display. 

Dona Rosa has operat­ ed her industry for more than 65 years. In 1934, a fellow from C alifornia saw so m e of her work and exp lain ed som e of the finer points of busi­ ness to her. Shortly after, she began filling export orders and became the first to send 
Mexican 

| ; AMW 
• • . . , -rn a. | , * 

 i t m 

 t - * J j i - * T | 

 f 
I 
I 
Free 164 Page Book! 

44 different tours to all of Europe, incl. Scandinavia, R ussia. Balkans, etc. I 
Plus M orocco. 2 to 4 w eek s, escorted, all ex p en se incl. air, SIo28 to $2489, d ble occupancy. Frequent departures. 
For your free copy write or phone: 

N A M E 

A D D R E SS. 
RENNERT WORLD TRAVEL | 
1o46 NORTH STAR MAU 
I j p h o n e .................................................. 
SAN ANTONIO, TEXAS 78216 j 

( 5 1 2 ) 3 4 9 - 2 7 6 1 
CITY 
S T A T E .............ZIP 

Express-News Want Ads 225-1666 

G e t y o u r 

C a r i b b e a n c r u i s e 

 o i f t o a f l y i n g 

 s t a r t 
. 

Take off on a Royal Caribbean Air/Sea Cruise. 
Aboard Sun Viking or Nordic Prince — the two most popular two week cruise ships in the Caribbean. 
You’ll see eight of the Caribbean's most asked to-see islands. Places like St. Thomas, Curacao and San Juan 
Plus Caracas on the continent of South America. 
You’ ll enjoy bathing by the seaside in a refreshing salt water pool. Almost an acre of deck under the gentle 
Caribbean sun. A dining room thats a Restaurant 
Francais one night, an English Pub the next. 
Entertainment that changes everytime 
_ _ we entertain. (You’ll never see the same 
Houston 

 really unwind Because you ll know what it s going to wind up costing before you go 
Where else, for example, does the cost of your vacation include the cost of all your food and entertainment? 
F act is. our price includes a 14 day cruise, round-trip air fare to Miami, airline security charges, ground transportation in Miami, and all transportation and port taxes. 
That's a lot of vacation for the money. So, see your travel agent And tell ’em you want to take off for the 
Caribbean. On Sun Viking or Nordic Prince. 
One of them sails every Saturday from Miami, year round. And we d love to have you aboard. 

Caracas 

SUN VIKING -NORDIC PRINCE 
H K< A A L C A R IB B E A N T O U R S w ,.m n .. ,u hi ,• 
XHE CARIBBEAN’S MOST POPULAR TWO WEEK CRUISES 

Cruise wtfh Nordic P rw e to San loan Sr Thomas Mar *<»•. Cur 
Grenada. Barbados St t.uoa Port a . Ct r.. >• Sn: tun 
-st I t . ■ 1, Cu 
Port au Prince, Port Antonio Aruba .md < 
•i,arx and Caracas AE A r Sea program <i, 
Or th San Viking to ibleo to prior sale, 

EXPRESS-NEWS SUNDAY M A G A Z IN E — M a y IS , 1977 
PAGE 9 

Old-time look in an instant 

ASSOCIATED PKE Si 
Professor Bloodgood’s photo empor­ iums in Hollywood and Santa Barbara, 
Calif., have a recipe for making "in­ stant antique portraits” of thousands of people every month. 
Their success is so big, it has become a big business sideline. 
And that is why hundreds of Old 
Time Photo Studios have turned up around the country, guided by Prof. 
Bloodgood’s experience, his equip­ ment and his formula for starting a small business. 
Essentially, it’s a m atter of taking photographs of people dressed in per­ iod costumes with a camera that takes 
Polaroid instant pictures in black-and-white. 
The costumes slip on and off quickly since they are slit in the back to fit all sizes. 
The instant prints are sepia toned, get a preservative finish and are slipped under oval mattes to resemble daguerreotypes of century ago. 

^ 
% 
' * 

ANTIQUE PHOTO by Dr. Bloodgood 

The nostalgia, novelty and im m ediacy of the product are all factors in its success. 
After five years of ex­ panding operations and increasing inquiries about it, a pamphlet with the answ ers was pub­ lished and updated in 
1975: ‘‘Prof. Bloodgood’s 
Handbook 
— 
Everyth­ ing You Need to Know to 
Open Your Own Old- 
Time Photo Studio." 
In addition, he assem ­ bled starter packages of all essential equipment and costumes required so that enterprising photo­ graphers could start a business in their own areas. 
He felt the venture could be used by high school and college students as a part-tim e project catering to student carnivals, fairs and special events. 
It was also a possibility for teachers and retired couples who could set up studios at reso rts and seasonal tourist locales. 
It could be a practical way for beginning professional photo­ graphers to earn extra income while building their commercial careers. 
And it could be profi­ table addition for portrait studios to add a sideline of instant mini-studies. 
David Bloodgood, who started in 1969, is not the pioneer in this field. John 
Domes, an artist and an­ tiques collector in Mon­ roe, 
N Y ., built a 
Daguerrian Temple at a 
National A rts and An­ tiques Festival in 1966, and was a smash hit with his instant antique por­ traits using a Polaroid camera. 
It became a novel fea­ ture at bazaars, society affairs, and theatrical bloodgood and his wife 
Kathy who enlarged the scope and public appeal of the idea when they opened the Prof. Blood­ good Old Tim e Photo 
Em porium on the 
Universal Studios tour lot in Hollywood. 
And it was the result­ ing public interest and demand which prompted him to share his exper- 

PHOTOGRAPHY 

 tise and experience with instructions rn his 
"Handbook.” 
For fu rth er in fo rm a­ tion, write: 3837 Mariana 
Way, 
Santa 
Barbara, 
Cal., 
An old tim e photo studio can be a portable affair taken to flea m ar­ kets, fairs, shopping centers, conventions and craft shows. 
Or it can be a perman­ ent location where con­ stant pedestrian traffic and good visibility of the studio are primary considerations. 
The ren tal overhead should not be high and it can be staffed by a hus­ band and wife or a team of two. 
The principal req u ir­ em ents are a cam era capable of m aking 
Polaroid black-and-white prints, a set of costumes and props. A stu rd y tripod to hold the camera is a must and adequate lighting must be provideid. 
W hile inexpensive 
Polaroid cam eras such as the Square Shooter have been used success­ fully, better cameras en­ hance custom er con­ fidence and picture performance. 
A wooden view camera with a Polaroid back is most authentic while a 
Polaroid 195 cam era is capable of fine quality pictures. 
In any event, when the photographer ducks under a dark focusing cloth, the atmosphere of old-time photography is maintained. 
Period costum es and props can be found in at­ tic and garage sales, at charity bazaars and second-hand clothing stores, in uniform-and- costume houses and an­ tique shops. 
They can also be de­ signed and made a home from reference sources. 
Bonnets and bowlers, feathers and fans, bibles and canes and other props of the era m ake distinctive additions to 

 pictures and give hands something to hold. 
The old-fashioned look in posing m ust be somber, serious and dignified. 
In photographing cou­ ples, the man was usual­ ly seated and the woman stood slightly behind his shoulder. Then her hand, or both hands, one atop the other, were placed on his shoulder. 
Men in uniform looked m ore m ilitary in a standing pose. 
Lighting must be m as­ tered, often by repeated trials. 
Studios in some areas of the country are blessed and with dependable na­ tural light which is soft and pleasing. 
For those in ex p er­ ienced in studio portrait lighting, 
Bloodgood recom m ends a sim ple electronic flash unit bounced with an umbrel­ la reflector to soften the light. 

The heart of the system is the in stan t p rin ts available in seconds. 
They are immediately sprayed w ith 
Kodak rapid selenium toner for the sepia effect. 
When dry, the print is carefully coated to avoid scratching the surface. 
Last step is the print presentation in a die-cut oval folder. 
There may be an extra charge for a choice of gilt frames or other folders. 
It is noteworthy that this concept of instant antiques offers e n tre ­ preneurs in photography an opportunity to start a business w ith a sm all capital outlay. 
But it must be stressed that equipment must be carefully maintained and serviced regularly to stay in business and that a standby camera be handy to prevent an emergency stop in the operation. 
And isn’t it amazing in this space age of pictures bouncing off satellite s that photography can step back a century and prove so popular? 

Photo Tips 

W ith Ron 
Jones 

PAGE IO EXPRESS-NEWS SUNDAY MAGAZINE—Moy 15, 1977 

Reading people 

The production and its subjects 

There is an unpredictable element in live theater. The director and cast really can’t rehearse for it or avoid it. 
That element is the audience. 

Any show influences the audience’s reactions, but th ere is in live theater a feed-back m e­ chanism in which the au­ dience's reactions affect the cast’s performance. 

The m echanism is extrem ely evident on stages such as .Melodra­ ma T heater. T here the audience 
— dru n k , throwing popcorn, shout­ ing at the actors, or hav­ ing a party of their own that has nothing to do with what’s happening on stage — can come close to having more influence on the production than do the actors. 

Melodrama Theater is an extreme example, but the same thing, perhaps more subtly, happens at every p erfo rm an ce at every theater. 

A “ good” audience can reinforce the comedy or drama of a production. 
A "bad” audience can be like playing to a gravel- pit. There is som ething 
— ESP, chemistry, mass psychology — that gives the audience as a whole a perso n ality , th a t can m ake it rec ep tiv e or bored. 
The effect is apparent nearly as soon as the play begins. And experienced 

 actors are able to incor­ porate the audience into the performance. With a responsive, “ good” au­ dience, the actors will quicken th e ir pace. A slow audience might re­ quire that the lines be spelled out for It. 

But according to one of the p erfo rm ers in 
“ P rivate Lives” at the 
Church Theater, there is only so far a cast can go tow ard coping with a poor audience. 

The actor called after I ran a review of "Privates 
Lives” in which I wrote that the show was poorly directed and that the ac­ tors’ timing was stepping all over the hum or in 
Noel Coward’s lines. 

The actor didn’t deny that the performance was as I had described, but he did com plain that 
I shouldn’t have seen the play on a Sunday m a­ tinee. 

Bugaboo 

Sunday m atinees, the actor said, are acto rs’ bugaboos. T h at’s when the acto rs can expect crow ds of older, polite 

 people who may enjoy a show but are content with a quiet smile. A comedy needs the laughs, not sm iles, however w arm and friendly. 

One can sym pathize with the a c to r’s com ­ plaint. I have, on occa­ sion, seen the sam e pro­ duction up to eight times. 
Each performance was a different experience lar­ gely because of what the audience brought to the show. 

And in San A ntonio, w here the sam e show rarely runs for more than about eight p e rfo r­ mances (with the excep­ tion of M elodram a and the d inner th e a te rs), there is little opportunity for the p erfo rm ers to learn how to deal with different audiences. The more experienced actors at Melodrama — out of necessity — are the most skilled at building ra p ­ port and at controlling the audiences’ responses. 

I can understand the actor’s complaint, but I can’t see using audience reaction as an excuse for a performance that could have been improved. 

CHVRCJH T heater’s produ ction o f "P rivate 
Lives,” with David B ow en and K aren Jon es, tries to respond to the au d ien ce. B u l d oes it respond enough? 

Not easy 

It may not be easy, but the talents of a performer must include the know­ ledge of how to deal with audiences of ail types. 
While the audience may influence a production, the cast, playwright and director are still respon­ sible. 

B ecause of the a u ­ dience, the cast may not be able to present the sam e exact show every night, but it should be able to produce the same general effect from night to night. 

As difficult as it may be, the problem of how to deal with an audience m ust be solved by the actor. It can, in fact, work to the perform er’s advantage. When the perform ers and the au ­ dience are rolling to ­ gether, the effect is an emotional rush that can never be obtained with­ out the audience. 

Live theater may have survived m ovies and television precisely be­ cause of its ability for the cast and audience to form a single team , be­ cause of the cast’s ability to feed off of and respond to the audiences’ reac­ tions. 

Such a response is not possible in any other medium, and for an actor not to know how to use that theatrical symbiosis or not to actually take advantage of it negates the purpose of live theater. 

TOUCH DANCING 
CHA CHA, DISCO 
W ALTZ, WESTERN, ETC. 
$ 3 5 .o o 
6 5 3 - 7 2 4 1 
IRM A LA DOU 
Tickets ‘3 *5.5o 
SAN A N T O N IO FINE ARTS CENTER 

CRAFTY: A jewelry show with a French theatrical atm osphere w ill show off som e of the work of 
Southwest Craft Center instructor Daniel Jenkins at the center’s Ursuline Gallery tomorrow night. 
Against a background of 5o-year-old draperies from the Municipal Auditorium, models in black formal gow will display the 4o pieces of brooches, necklaces and pendants — m ainly in silver — among mirrors, candle lights and fountains. 
Champagne punch, crepes and caviar hors d’ouevres will be served with the center’s cuisine instructor Batsy Swendson demonstrating prepar­ ation of the refreshments. 
The semi-formal opening is open to the public 
6:3o-8:3o p.m. Black tie is optional. 

Check out Gallery for details. 

NEW YORK ART: A feature film and slide pro­ gram are being shown at the Witte Museum in 

653-7241. Classes in dance, weaving, public speaking. 

S O U T H W E S T 
C R A F T 
C E N T E R , 
3oo 
A u g u sta , 
224-1847. Registration M a y 
2 for sum m er classes: c e ra m ic s, fib re , m etal, wood art/design, and g ra ­ phic communication. Also c h ild re n 's p ro g ra m thru 
July 22. 

OPENING 

S U N : 
S A N 
A N T O N I O 
A R T IN S T IT U T E S P R IN G 
A R T 
F A IR , 
M c N a y 
A rt 
In stitu te, 
6oo 
N. 
N ew 
Braunfels, 824-o531. Pa in t­ ings, draw ings, silkscreens, lithographs, sculptures and ce ram ics. 
Raffle of art works and art class tuition. 
C hild ren s painting. One day only 1-5 p.m. Free. 

S U N : 
C O P P I N I 
A C A D E M Y 
O F 
F I N E 
A R T S , 
115 
M e lr o se , 
824-85oo2. 
A n n u al Sp rin g 
Garden A rt Show ; paint­ ings and sculpture by m ore than IOO m em bers. One day only. 
1-6 p.m. 
Continuing through Jon 5: 
Selected paintings and sculpture by 
4o artists of San Antonio and .Texas. 
Wed, 
Sat 
& 
Sun 2-5 p.m. 

S U N : 
H O L Y 
S P I R I T 
A R T S 
A N D 
C R A F T S 
SHOW, Holy Spirit Church, 
Blanco and 
Ram sey 
Rd. 
Noon 8 p.m. Free. 

SUN: 
B E X A R C O U N T Y 
M E D I C A L 
S O C I E T Y 

S P R IN G A R T F E S T IV A L , 
Metropolitan G eneral H o­ spital. 228-9636 ext 556. 1-4 p.m. Free. 

M O N : U R S U L IN E G A L ­ 
L E R Y , 
Southw est 
C ra ft 
Center, 3oo A ugusta 
St., 
224-1848. “ Recent E x p e r ­ iences in M etal,’* jewelry and holloware designs bv 
SW C C in stru cto r 
D a n ie l 
Jenkins. Through June 27. ll a m . • 3 p.m. M on-Fri. 
Se m i fo rm a l o p e n in g 
Sun 6:3o-8:5o p.m. Free. 

N E X T 
S U N : 
W I N D ­ 
C R E S T A R T 
F E S T IV A L , 
R e su rre c tio n 
E p is c o p a l 
Church, 59o9 W alzem Rd., 
655-5484. Selected arts and crafts and silent auction. 
Refreshm ents available. 1-6 p.m. Free. 

N E X T S U N : 
F E R D I N ­ 
A N D R O T E L G A L L E R I E S 
T R A V E L IN G 
E X H IB IT , 
Theater San Antonio, Son 
Pedro Playhouse, 8oo W. 
A sh b y at 
S a n 
P e d ro , 
828-544o. Exhibit and sale of some 9oo prints, includ­ ing w orks by Renoir, Goya, 
H o g a rth , 
P ic a s s o a n d 
Chagall. 2-6 p.m. 

Cl K R E ST EXHIBITS 

B A N K OF SA N A N T O N ­ 
IO, 
One 
R om ano 
Plaza. 
Sculpture by Prine M onyo 
M. Nsturel. Banking hours through M a y 25. Free. 

A R T A 
F R A M E M A R T 
No. I, 83o2 Broadway. Lone 
Bell & T ravis Keese. M on 
Sat, 1o-6. 

AR T & 
F R A M E M A R T 
No. 2, 67o North Star Mall. 
Oils by Hazel M assey, Joe 
Peacock, Jose 
Vives-At- sa ra and Alberto Meza. 
Mon-Sat 1o-6. 

IRMA LA DOUCE 
M A Y 2o, 21, 27, 28 
JUNE 3RD & 4TH 
TICKETS $3-$5.5o 
653-7241 
San A ntonia Fin* Arts Conter, Inc. 
3 1 4 5 N a c o g d o c h e s a t B itte rs in M acArthur Plaza Shopping Center 

Singles Introductions.!*. 

J 
SINGLES INFORMATION CLEARING HOUSE t 
Moors: Mon.-Thur: 3-7 pm., Sol.: 9am-2pm 
J 57o1 3roadwi|. T W t g 4 i n ? 

OPESISG 

T U ES: A M A N FO R A L L 
SEA SO NS, Trinity 
United 
M e th o d ist 
C h u rc h , 
5319 
Newcome, 684-o261. D ra m a of Thom as More. One night only presented by Alpha 
O m ega Players. 7:3o p.m. 
Free, but ottering taken. 

W ED: T H E H A R L E Q U IN 
R E V U E , Harlequin Dinner 
Theater, 
H arney 
Road, 
F o rt 
S a m 
H o u sto n , 
221-2186. 
O riginal m usical revue including everything fro m 
M a r x 
B ro s, to 
'•Showboat” tunes. W ed-Sat through June ll. Open at 
6.3o, buffet at 7, show at 
8:15. $7 on Wed & Thor, 
57.5o on 
F rl * A 
Sat. 
Reservations. 

W E D : 
T H E 
P R I N C E S S 
A N D T H E 
P EA , Theater 
S a n 
A n to n io . 
732-81o1. 
C hildren's play. 
T h rough 
Sun. W ed-Fri at IO a.m.. 
Sat & Sun at 2 p.m. SI. 
G roup rates. 

FRI: A M U S IC A L M A R K 
T W A IN , 
A rn e s o n 
R iv e r 
Theater. Out-of-town com ­ pany with show based on 
Tw ain's stories. M a y 19-22, 
24 A 27-29. 8 p.m. 
53 5o 
Tickets at Joske’s and La 
Viliito offices. 

SAT: 
T H E W IN D A N D 
T H E WILLOW, San Antonio 
F in e A rts 
C enter, 
3145 
N a c o g d o c h e s, 
653-7241. 
Children's show. Also M a y 
28. 
2 p.m. 
C h ild re n 
52, adults 52.5o. G roup rates. 

C lK R E ST THEATER 

M A Y 19-21: YO U C A N 'T 
T A K E 
IT 
W IT H 
Y O U , 
T rin ity 
U n iv e rsity Attic 
Two. 736-8515. M o ss Hart, 
George 
S. 
Kaufm an comedy about life earlier this century. 
T h u rs-Sat. through M a y 21. At 8:15 p.m. 52-53. 

M A Y 
15, 
2o-22: 
M I S S 
JU LIE, St Philip’s College 
A ud., 
2111 
N e v a d a , 
432-4311, ext. 295. S trin d ­ berg’s classic tragedy us­ ing monologue pantom im e and dance 8 p.m. 52. 

M A Y 
15, 
2o-22: 
T H E 
B L A C K G U A R D 
O F 
B L A C K R O C K , M elod ram a 
Theater, H em isFoir Plaza, 
224-4464. T ongue in-cheek 

 m elodram a of blackm ail, m urder and revenge F ri A 
Sun. through June. Fri A 
Sat. at 8:15 p.m., and 6:3o p.m. on Sun. Frl. 53.5o, Sat. 
54, 
S u n 
53 a d u lts, 
52 children. 
Reservations recommended. 

M A Y 2o & 21: IR M A LA 
DOUCE, San Antonio Fine 
A rts Center, 3145 N a c o g­ doches, 653-7241. 
M u sica l about French streetwalker. 
Frl. & Sat. through June 4. 
8:15 p.m. 53.-53.5o. 

M A Y 15, 17-22: P R IV A T E 
L IV E S , C h u rc h 
Theater, 
115o S. Alamo, 224-4o85. A once m arried couple reun­ ites at a hotel during a h o n e y m o o n w ith new m ates. 
S h o w tim e 
8:15 w eekdays. 
Sun. 
3 p.m.; 
Tue.-Thurs. 57.95. F ri and 
Sat. 58.95, Sun. 54. Thru 
M a y 28. 

S U N ; 
V E R L E N E 
R E E S E , Soprano, Trinity 
U n iv e rsity 
R uth 
T a y lo r 
Aud, 695-1973. Also student w inners of 
San 
A ntonio 
M u sic T e a ch e r’s A sso c ia ­ tion contest. 
R o b in 
L. 
A braham violinists ond 
S h e lle y 
R o c k w o o d a n d 
Matthew Goodson, Pianists 
Free 3 p.m. . 

S U N : 
S A N 
A N T O I O 
C H O R A L SO C IE T Y , Em ily 
Wells Brow n Wing, M c N a y 
Art Institute, 6ooo N. New 
Braunfels. 4 p.m. Free. 

M O N : 
S A N 
A N T O N I O 
S Y M P H O N Y with 
B yro n 
Jams, piano. 223-5591, 8:3o p.m. M a y 16 Laurie Audi­ torium, Trinity University, 
7:3o p.m. 53-56.5o. 

T U E S: 
T H E 
C A P T A IN 
A N D T E N N IL L E , C onven­ tion Center Arena, 828-6351 
8 p.m. 57.5o A 55.5o pius service charge. Tickets at 
Arena box office, Jam & 
Jelly 
General 
Store and 
Joske’s. 

FR I A SUN: ’’N O R M A ,” 
G rand opera with Beverely 
Sins. Roger M elone con­ ducting. 
Theater for the 
Perform ing Arts, 223-5591. 
Fri 8 p.m., Sun 3 p.m., 
55-512.5o, SO LC fO U T . 

SAT: 
B A D 
C O M P A N Y , 
Convention Center Arena, 
828-6351. 8 p.m. 56 A 57 plus service charge. Tickets at 
Arena box office and Jam 

& Jelly General Store. 
N E X T 
S U N : 
T E X A S 
B A CH C HO IR. St. L u k e s 
Episcopal Church, ll 
St. 
L u k e ’s 
L a n e , 
828-6425. 
Robert Finster conducting 
B ach’s ’’M agnificat.’’ Ive s’ 
“Psalm 9o," and the first 
San Antonio perform ance of Peter H ailock's "G lo ria ” for chorus A percussion. 8 p.m. Free. 

T U E S : 
M E E T 
T H E 
B L A C K 
T E X A N S : 
M A O 
T SE -T U N G — L IF E A N D 
L E G A C Y : 
I N D I A N A R ­ 
T IS T S O F T H E S O U T H ­ 
W E S T : 
L I G H T O F 
E X ­ 
P E R IE N C E , M ain Library, 
2o3 S. St. M a ry 's. 223-6851, ext. 5o. At 12:15 & 7 p.m. 
Free. 

W E D : T H E Q U IE T M AN , 
T rinity U n ive rsity, C h a p ­ m an 
C enter 
Aud. 
Jo h n 
Ford dir. 7:3o p.m. $1 San 
A n to n io 
F ilm 
S o c ie ty members, 
51.5o nonm em bers. 

W E D : 
D I N N E R 
A T 
E IG H T , 
R iver 
City 
Film 
S e rie s, 
S a n 
A n to n io 
C o u n try , 
1122 
N. 
St. 
M a ry ’s. 222-8273. 7:45, 9:45, 
11:45 p.m. 51.5o. 

S U N : 
C L A S S I C 
C A R 
A U C T I O N , T e x a s T r a n ­ sportation 
M useum , 
11731 
W e tm o re 
Rd., 
225-2681. 
Opens at IO a.m., auction at noon. $1 adm ission 
(also raffle for free dinner and chauffered Rolls Royce.) 

T H U R : 
S C U L P T U R E 
CLASS, Jew ish Com m unity 
Center, 
1o3 W. 
Ram part, 
344-3453. 
Six-week course taught by Luis G uzm an 7-9 p.m. Call for price. 

SUN, SA T & N E X T SUN: 
T H E 
N E W 
Y O R K 
SCHOOL, Witte M useum , 
38o1 
B road w ay, 826-o647. 
Film and slide show on abstract expressionism art. 
1:3o 
& 
7 
3 p.m. 
F re e through Aug. Free. 

S A N 
A N T O N I O 
F I N E 
A R T S 
C E N T E R , 
3145 
N a c og d o ch e s at 
Bitters, 

 conjunction with its abstract expressionism exhi­ bit. 
The film, “The New York School,” features the group of American artists who developed the abstract expressionist attitude during the 195os. 
Interviews with several of the artists describe the atmosphere of New York then. The film is provided by the Blaffer Foundation in Houston, which or­ ganized the exhibit of abstract expressionistic art. 
The slide program by the Witte staff depicts the ca reer of Jackson P ollock and other action painters. 
Look to Etc for more info. 

ART FAIR: The fourth Spring Art Fair of the San 
Antonio Art Institute will be held today rain or shine. 
The fair will sell paintings, drawings, silkscreens, lithogrpahs, sculptures and ceramics made by the school’s faculty and students. 
Tuition for three art classes will be raffled along with several works of art donated by faculty members. A children's paint-in will allow kids to experiment with art forms. 
See Gallery for details. 

A R T I Q U E 
G A L L E R Y , 
3717 
C o lo n y, 
IH 
IO 
A 
W urzbach at Colonies Malt. 
A re a artists: 
R ose R i­ ch a rd s, 
Rob ert G arde n , 
Ardythe Haecker, m any o th e rs; a lso 
W ln d b e rg prints A custom fram ing. 
M on F ri IO 5, Sat IO 3. 
A R T IS A N ’S A L L E Y , 555 
Bitters Road. M arketplace of more than 2o shops with professional artists and/or craftsm e n in resid ence. 
Tues Sat. 1o-5:3o, Sun 1-5. 

B I L L 
Z A N E R ’S 
A R T 
H A U S , 
1o3 
N. 
M a in , 
Boerne, 249 37oo Palette knife ond watercolor paint­ ings of Texas by Bill Zoner and other 
Texas artists. 
1o:oo-5:oo 
M o n -S a t. 
12:oo-5:oo Sun. 

B R I G H T 
S H A W L , 
819 
Augusta. M arlon G. Irvin g de 
C ru z: w e a v in g s 
A tapestry thru M a y 31. 
IO a.m. - 2 p.m., M on-Fri. 

C L U T T E R W O O D G A L ­ 
L E R Y , 
53o9 M cC ullough. 
Paintlgs, draw ings, photo­ grap h s A limited edition g r a p h ic s by 
C h ris t in e 
Am arger, Nellie Buel, R i­ c h a rd 
F ie ld e n , 
D a n n y 
G e isle r, 
D m itri 
P e tro v , 
Jean Sariano, Sue Shields a n d 
G e o rg e 
S tu m b e rg . 
M on Sat 1o-6, Sun 1-5. 

C O P P IN I A C A D E M Y OF 
F IN E ARTS, 
115 M elrose 
Place, 824 85o2. P a in tin g s by Harold A. Roney, Ram on 
F roman. Bud Biggs, Lonnie 
M ason and William H eary 
Earle, well know n instruc­ tor/artists, 
M a y 1-11. A n ­ nual Spring G arden and 
G allery Art Exhibition of p a in tin g s an d sc u lp tu re with Artists in Action Sun 
M a y 15, 1-6 p.m. Selected paintings and sculpture by forty artist. M a y 15-June 5. 
Wed, Sat A Sun. 

C O R N E R G A L L E R Y , On the S q u a re 
(H w y. 
281), 
Blanco. Hilt C ountry a r ­ tists. Daily 1o-6, Sun 2-5. 
G A L L E R IA 
3o7 H O U S E 
OF ARTS, 3o7 H e m isFair 
Plaza Way. Adrlel. Ardyth, 

G ilbert, G ira rd , 
H aa ke , 
H ae se , 
K e e n a n , 
" L o s 
Scotts," M isch e r, P o rte r­ field, 
Roberts, 
Thom pson 
M on Sat 12 5. Call 227 o527. . 
C L A S S E R S 
A R T 
G A L L E R Y , 2121 
N. M a in 
Ave. Thru M ay, sculpture by Thom as Holland, Sher- m alee. 
M a c k , 
C h a rle s 
Learned, M a ry 
Albrecht, . 
M arlon Young, Ruth Litwln . and Jam es Edw ard. Point­ ings by Clay M cG au gh y, 
R o b e rt 
H a r r is o n , 
B ill 
Zoner, E A. Herbes, L a rry 
Anschutz, 
Betsy 
Hanzel, 
Gilbert Duran, Wim, L. V a n 
Dfjk, W arren 
W oodw ard, 
Brian Dontan, Jean M artin, 
E n ric o Faugno, E d W ili­ m an and m any Europea n a rtists. 
W ild life p h o to ­ graphy by P erry Shank Ie, 
Jr. 21 Sat only: Vignett d e m o n stra tio n by 
Iv a n 
M c D o u g a l. M o n -F ri, 9-6, 
Sat 9 2. 

G R A P H I C S G A L L E R Y , 
4o3 E. Commerce. Prints, fine art reproductions, ort posters. Custom m atting A fram ing, ll 7 M on Thurs, 
11-9 Fri A Sat, noon 6 Sun. 

H E L O T E S A R T G U IL D , 
13218 Bandera Road. M a n y m e d ia l m o re th an 
IOO orig in als. O pen m e m b e r­ ship. Paint outs, weekly art c la sse s, a r ts 
A c r a ft s w o rk sh o p s, m e m b e r s available tor de­ monstrations. 
M onthly program meeting open to public, first Tues, 7:3o p.m. 
O u td o o rsh o w / sa le , fir s t 
Sun. 
M ay 
I 
Helotes 
Festival A rt Show. Tues- 
Sun 1-5. 

IN S T IT U T E O F T E X A N 
C U L T U R E S , 
H e m is F a ir 
Plaza Way. "Special Sun­ day: Fiesta Filipin o" M a y 
22, 3-5 p.m. H onors Filipino 
Texans A coincides with annual spring celebration in the Philippines. T ra d i­ tio n a l m u sic , d a n c e s A 
Filipino foods. Tues-Sun 9 5.. 
M C C R E L E S S 
L IB R A R Y , 
1o23 Ada Street, 532 4254. 

BAD C O M P A N Y will be in River City Saturday. See Music for details. 
EXPRESS-NEWS SUNDAY MAGAZINE— May IS, 1977 
PAGE 11 

From Page ii 

Highlands High School a rt students exhibit. 
M o n -F ri 
9-9, Sot 9 6. 
M U D , On the R iver, 312 
N. Presa. Gene E ld er, Le- titia Eldredge, T ra cy D ot­ son, Steve H um phrey, WH lem 
K a r rs-S i ip e s te ii n, 
R o b e rt 
T ie m a n n , 
L a r r y 

G r a e b e r, 
R a y 
C h a v e s , 
Lesta 
F ra n k . 
I t : 3o-5, 
Mon-Sat. 
O A K W E LL B R A N C H L I­ 
B R A R Y , 4134 H a rry W urz- bach 
Road. A crylics, col­ lage, and w ate rc o lo r bv 
Nessve S harlack. M o n -F ri 
9 9, Sot 9 6. 
O D Y S S E Y 
G A L L E R IE S , 
2222 Breezewood. M ay 
12 
T h u rs o p e n in g c o c k ta il 

POTTERY building, front wheel to glazing, will be dem onstrated at the Texan State Arts and Crafts Fair, May 28-29-3o, on Sehreiner 
College Campus, in Kerrville. 

^/fwhen o n ly ^ the very best w ill do 
FEATURED EVERY SUN.-MON.-TUES. 
EVENING 

Birne co. 

RESTAURANT & BAR 
512/826-2371 
.E. LOOP 41o 

I d i z / o 
\ \ 1o39 N.E r f 
BANC 
J 
PARTY 
L I : 

BANQUET and 
FACILITIES 
16o 

TROUT AMANDINE rn 

RED SNAPPER 
IMPERIAL 
• 

RIB EYE 
• 

FILET 

MARGARITAS 

$ 1 . o o 

ALL ENTREES 
INCLUDE: SALAD, 
BAKED POTATO 
OR HERB RICE 

LUNCH 11:3o A.M. 
DINNER 5:oo P.M. 

 preview 7:3o-9:3o honoring 
E velyne 
Boren exhibiting watercolors & hand loomed weavings and Ann M exic recent paintings. 
Tues Sat 
11-5. 
O LD SAN A N T O N IO E X ­ 
H IB IT , B olivar H all. A folk and historic m useum in La 
V illita, 227-9o42. 
Tues-Sun 
1o-5, Free. 
P LA ZA 
A R T 
L E A G U E . 
Sat 
7 
League a rt show, 
Terrell Plaza, 12oo Austin 
Hwy, 1o-5. Sal 14 exhibit at 
P e rrin 
P laza including w orks by 
Stella 
R ogers, 
11411 P e rrin Beitel. 1o 5. 
P R IT C H A R D 
N O R T H 
S T A R 
G A L L E R Y , 
224 
N o rth S ta r M a ll. W a te r ­ colors by W arren H unter & 
Ronnie W ells; 
A crylic by 
G e r a ld in e 
N u n n s ; 
Flem ish-stvle oils by 
E.A . 
Herbes. D aily 
1o6, Thurs 
1o-9, closed Sun. 
R IV E R 
A R T 
G R O U P , 
W onderland Shopping City, 
A rts & C rafts 
Show thru 
M ay 7. 
SAN A N T O N IO A R T IN ­ 
S T IT U T E , 
6ooo 
N. 
N ew 
B ra u n fels. 
Sun 
M a y 
15, 
Spring B azaar, 
Exhibition 
& 
S a le . 
T h ru 
M a y 
2 1 , 
S tu d en t 
J u r ie d 
S ho w . 
M on-Fri 
8:3o 4:3o, 
Sat 
9-nnon. 
SAN 
A N T O N IO 
M A IN 
L IB R A R Y , 
2o3 
S. 
St 
M a ry ’s. Hazel M assey’s oil paintings of landscapes, thru M ay. M o n -F ri 9-9, Sat 
9-6, Sun 1-5. 
SAN 
A N T O N IO 
M U ­ 
S E U M OF M O O E R N A R T , 
531 W. W oodlawn. M ay 6 thru M ay 29, Russ W arren. 
Fri-Sun 1o-5. 
S IG O L O F F 
G A L L E R Y , 
SI. A ntho ny H o tel R o b e rt 
Wood. 
Don 
W rren , 
P r o fir io 
S a lin a s , 
Jose 
V ives-Atsara, M aureen Ta- razon, Rolla T a y lo r, Shar- e lle , 
D a lh a r t 
W in d b e rg , 
Florent B aecke, F ried P al, 
M arcel D yf, E do uard C or­ tez, Ruth Anderson, Donald 
Yena. Jim D eutsch. Mon- 
Sat 11-5. 
S O L 
D E L 
R IO , 
1o2o 
Tow nsend. 
A lfre d 
L e e , acrylics & w aterco lo r; Z a ­ chariah Rieke, paintings & shaped canvases; 
Alan 
Demos, sculpture. Cocktail preview 
Sun 
M a y 
I, 
5-8 p.m. 
S O U T H W E S T 
C R A F T 
C E N T E R 
G A L L E R Y , 
42o 
Paseo de ta V illita . 
C hil­ dren of the 
E a rth : 
Tina 
Johnson je w e lr y , 
L a w ­ rence 
(Castor ra k u th ru 
M ay 9. D aily 1o-5. 
S O U TH W IN D A R T G A L ­ 
L E R Y , 
4112 
M cC u llo u g h , 
828-4557. Continuous show­ ing of oils & w atercolors by established artists fro m all over the world. W indberg lim ite d e d itio n s . 
R o b e rt 
Wood silk screens, other g ra p h ic a r t. 
T u e s -F r i 
9:3o-5:45, Sat 1o-5. 
TEJA S G A L L E R Y , 1o2o5 
Oasis, Suite 311. Sixth a n ­ niversary show with lands­ capes and florals by Ann 
Carlyon. M o n -F ri 1o-5, Sat by appointm ent, call 
344-8o15. 
T R IN IT Y 
U N IV E R S IT Y , 
“ N ad ar 
182o-191o,” Coates 
Lobby, 715 Stadium D rive. 
M ay 1-2o. 
T H E 
T E N T H 
A N N U A L 
CRAFTS E X H IB IT IO N , MHI 
Country 
A rts 
Foundation, 
M ay 
8-22. 
$575 w orth of aw ards. Juried show. Fo r inform ation & entry blanks, call (512) 367-5121 or w rite 
M ay Crafts Exhibition, Box 
176, 
In g ra m 
T x . 
78o25. 
C ontrib ution suggested. 

BARDEN ART SHOW 
SUNDA Y, MAY 15 - I TO 6 PM. 
FREE ADMISSION 
/^COPPINI ACADE 
OF FINE ARTS 
115 MELROSE PL 

A R T I S T S - IN - A CTION; 
JOHN SQUIRE ADAMS 
JIM DEUTSCH - JACKIE JUAREZ 
HAROLD GORE-TOM NOTESTINE 

PAG! \ f EKPRESSNfWS SUNDA* MAGAZINE— May IS, 1977 

TRINITY 
U NIVERSITY production o f "You 
Can't Take It With You." starring William 
Cran! and Lynn Cooper, ut bring precented for 

Deadline 
M ay 
2, 
M on, 
5 p.m. 
U R S U L IN E 
G A L L E R Y , a t the 
S o u th w e s t 
C ra ft 
Center, 3oo Augusta. M a y 
16-June 27 D aniel Jenkins 
“ R ecent 
E x p e rie n c e s in 
M e ta l" je w e lr y s h o w . 
M on -Fri 11-3. 
U T 
H E A L T H 
S C IE N C E 
C E N T E R , 
A u d ito r iu m 
F o y e r, 
77o3 
F lo y d 
C u rl 
D riv e . 
“ S c u lp tu re and paintings by N naggenda," 
East 
A frican artists. 
Sun 
M ay 8-June 4. M o n -F ri 8-5, 
Sat 8-noon, Sun 1-5. 
W E S T F A L L 
B R A N C H 
L IB R A R Y , 
611 
R osedale 
C o u rt. 
W a te rc o lo r s by 
Lybargerof 
F re d e ric ks ­ burg. M on -Fri 9-5, Sat 9-6. 
W O N D E R L A N D 
A R T 
G A L L E R Y , 246 W o n d e r­ land 
Shopping 
City. 
Jose 
Vives-Atsara, P ro firio Sali­ nas, 
Don 
W a rre n , 
W A. 
S la u g h te r, S h a re lle , M a - ru e e n 
T a r a z o n , 
L a r r y 
Prellop, Floren t P. B aecke, 
Roberta 
Sharp, Ruth A n­ d e rs o n , 
P a u l 
B u r k le , 
Claudio Soso. M o n -F ri 1o-8, 
Sat 1o-6. 
ZJ A Y 
G A L L E R Y , 
In 
River 
Square, 
C orner of 
C o m m e rc e a n d 
P r e s a 
Streets. Opening of works bv 
Anna 
M ullone 
& 
Phil 
Brooks. W ine and cheese 
“ M eet the 
A rtists" from 
6-9 p.m . Sat M ay 21; 2-4 p.m. Sun M ay 22. 

U S M 

M C N A Y 
A R T 
IN S T I­ 
T U T E , 
6ooo 
N . 
N ew 
Braunfels, 824-5368. ‘‘O kin­ a w a E x h ib itio n :" T r a d i­ tional a rt including pottery, textiles, basketry & c er­ am ics M ay 1-29. Friends of 
M c N a y 
Tour 
E n g lan d —a one week visit under the 

 auspieces of the Buildings of 
England 
G rou p, 
M a y 
15-31. 
" A n to n i 
T a p ie s 
E x h ib itio n — 
T h irty -T h re e 
Y ears of His W o rk :" Love, vio len ce and d eath a re p re d o m in a n t th e m e s e x ­ p re s s e d m e ta p h y s ic a lly and surrealistically by the 
Spanish artist, M ay 29-Julv 
31. 
Tues-Sat 
9-5, closed 
Mon. 
S A N 
A N T O N IO 
M U ­ 
S E U M O F T R A N S P O R T A ­ 
T IO N , 
H e m is F a ir 
P la z a 
W ay, 226-12o1. "M o to r Cv- 
, c lo ra m a:" A variety of m o­ torcycles and presentation on safety & law thru M a y 31. P e rm a n ­ e n t e x h ib it of v a rio u s modes of transportation: a n tiq u e c la s s ic c a r s , 
“ h o rs e -d ra w n c a r r ia g e s , streetcars, 
W orld 
W ar 
I 
" J e n n y ” a ir p la n e , on ly au th e n tic s tag eco ach in 
Texas. D aily 
1o-6, volu n­ ta ry contributions suggest­ ed: adults 5o cents, chil­ dren 25 cents. 
W IT T E M E M O R IA L M U ­ 
S E U M , 
38o1 
B o ra d w a v , 
826-o647. " A m e r ic a n A b- stra v t E xpressio nism E x ­ hibit," 
M ay 
1-August 
31. 
'A rt of the C ircus," M a y 
1-Jone 12. C am pb ell C ol­ lection exhibit of soup tu r­ eens and O riental procelain closes M ay 15. A rgentine 
Silver exhibit opens 
M ay 
22-June 19. Tour res e rva ­ tion deadlines: 
M a y 
25, 
" S a c re d 
C irc le s 
— 
2oo 
Y ears of A m erican Indian 
A r t ," 
K an sa s 
C ity and 
Trum an L ib ra ry , Indepen­ dence; M a y 31, W interth ur 
M u s e u m 
& 
B ra n d y w in e 
Valley. 
Dean 
B row n’s nature photography re tro ­ s p e c tiv e th r u 
M a y 
31. 
W eekdays 
9-5, w eekends 
1o-6, voluntary contribution suggested: adults 
5o ce n ts , c h ild r e n u n d e r twelve 25 cents. 

 one m ore week in Attic Two Theater. See 
Stage for details. 

MLSICAL 
Irm a I„a B oueh” stars Gayle 
Fleury and Ron Hammett at San Antonio Fine 
Arts Tenter. See Stage for details. 

Arts Calendar 

 itttmfiHif I lilt Iff 11^ lyric black hole 

By JOHN IGO 
Anytime a writer un­ dertakes a Ions poem, he is in trouble. Poe ob­ served that no poem can be sustained beyond a hundred lines and that poems longer than that are short poems held to­ gether by a special kind of prose. But Poe was considering lyric poetry. 
D ickey’s 
ZODIAC 
(Doubleday; $6) is not lyric. 
Poems longer than lyric fall, in our time, roughly into two major categories: the purely didactic, like Bridges’ 
Testament of Beauty’ or 
Shapiro’s “ Essay on 
Rime;” and the so-called contemplative, like 
Eliot’s “ Four Quartets’’ or Ginsberg’s “ Howl.” 
Other than these, long poems in our century fall into a few “ lesser” cate­ gories, such as Benet’s novel in verse, “ The 
Dust Which Is God,” or narrative romances such as his brother’s “ John 
Brown’e Body” or E A. 
Robinson’s once-popular 
“ Tristram.” 
A very few attempt something larger. 
Pound’s “ Cantos,” “ an epic containing history,” is the greatest example. 
W.C. Williams tried an epic approach in “ Pater­ son.’ ’ Olson’s “ M axi­ mus” has epic preten­ sions, and 
Dorn’s. 
“ Slinger” is a quasi­ epic. m 
In common 
But they all have so­ mething in common: they are programmed on ex­ ternal schemes: four quartets, a journey down the Passaic, Inferno- 
/Purgatory/Paradise, a series of letters, chrono­ logical episodes. Even 
“ Howl” progresses by shifts in its anastrophe* structures. 
And throughout all of them, there is the strug­ gle with voice. Whose voice “ tells” the poem? 
An omniscient voice in 
“ Paterson,” a letter writer in “ Maximus.” In some poems the problem is never resolved. The reader is never sure be­ cause the poet was never sure enough to make it clear. 
There have been very few sustained, unbroken, unitary long poems. 
Edith Sitw-ell’s “ Shadow of Cain” is one, and, pro­ bably the most impres­ sive of our time, Octavio 
Paz’ “ Sunstone,” is an­ other. And they run less than a thousand lines. 
And so Dickey takes on a booklength long poem, 
“ The Zodiac.” He has had to build it, of neces­ sity, on an external pro­ gram — one poem for each of the 12 signs, alth­ ough he does not attempt a one-for-one match. 
He, too, has the prob­ lem of voice — he at­ tempts a modern Brown­ ing monologue but with­ out the whiplash inter­ play that gives Browning characters their dimen­ sions. But the voice is not only the protagonist’s. It shifts and is also, intru­ sively, Dickey’s telling things the narrator (for various reasons) cannot. 

Then where do the 
Diekeyesque lines come from? Are the preoccu­ pations with the ma­ cho/male genitalia the persona’s or Dickey’s? 
And why isn’t the answer clear? 
The 5o-page poem is not even remotely in the lyric mode, despite lyric moments. It is not dra­ matic monologue. Nor is it contemplative. It is, roughly, dramatic-consi- derative. There are or­ al/dram atic elements. 
But the overall effect is didactic. It is a preach­ ment. But what is Dick­ ey/sailor saying? And to whom? 
Didactic can be out­ right instructive (3o days have September . . . or 
Pope’s 
“ Essay on 
C ritic is m ” ) Or it can present its materials, all organized and ready for consideration 
(as in 
S itw ell’s “ Gold Coast 
Customs” or Browning’s 
“ Ring and the Book” ) and let the reader do the work. 
Or, far riskier, the poet can attempt to instruct, not so much by precept as by example. And that is governed by what the poet wants to preach. It may run counter to his aims, if he misfires. 
Real character 
And that may be Dick­ ey’s decision, as well as his only real chance of success. He has chosen for his persona a real-life 
Dutch sailor, Hendrik 
Marsman, whose literary remains, also called 
“ The Zodiac,” formed the springboard for 
Dickey’s work. 
Marsman, the poem fi­ gure as recreated is 
Dickey, is drunk and all but obsessed by the con­ stellations called the 
Zodiac. That person is the occasion of the poem, but it is also, as cap­ tured, the major flaw: the drunken self-indulgent prattle overwhelms the d isci­ pline necessary for mak­ ing a coherent poetic product. 

The verse form resem­ bles the City Lights chapbook poetry (the best-read of which are 
Ginsberg’s pieces). 
There is constant typo­ graphical tinkering, with lots of all-capitals, ita ­ lics, and eccentric spac­ ing to signal the reader how to read the material 
— and that is almost al­ ways an admission by the poet of his lack of control of the content. 
Confessional 
The verse is, approxi­ m ately, confessional poetry, and like most current attempts it fails to lift the topical detail into wider significance. 
Although 
D ickey’s lines or phrases occa­ sionally have a momen­ tary splendor, mostly they lack symbolic value 
(a promise im p licit in the title ), poetic force, discipline, and, eventual­ ly, interest. They are the special prose Poe writes of. 
Dickey has made a re­ putation as a poet, even though he has published three books of criticism and one of belles letters called “ Self-interviews.” 
His popular reputation rests more, however, on his novel, 
“ D eliver­ ance,” and the film made from it, than on all the others combined. 
His involvement with the Carter inauguration may shift the balance. 
“ The Zodiac” reveals that Dickey is uneasy with his image as a poet. 
He writes as though he’d rather be a he-man sports hero. He adopts a macho pose that ultima­ tely fails — it looks like a pose. We suspect he keeps some petits fours in his sweatsuits pocket. 

Good old boy 
He writes fine lyrics, now and then, but he then smudges them just en­ ough to reassure his readers that he is just a good old boy after all. 
That unease extends it­ self into his themes and, in this book, even into his technique. 
The technique of the 
“ open” or “ naked” or confessional poem par­ takes of the per-ordinary. 
And that slips into topical 

There is also the prob­ lem of language, of idiom. Is it the sailor’s? 

TALENT SEARCH 
. . .DEJA VU! 

San Antonio s most elegant. Disco is seeking. . . 

Talent for a LIVE G O N G S H O W' 
“BIG CASH PRIZES” 

Interested talent should call 6 5 3 - 1 3 5 1 after 7 P.M. 

 prose unless the relent­ less poetic drive toward a specific (though not ne­ cessarily sim ple) goal generates images for the* reader to rely on, or rhythm s that suggest larger forces at work, or intense idiom that sug­ gests more than is being said, or a coherence that does not break when the page is turned. 

In “ The Zodiac” the reader gets no susten­ ance. 
The reader u (itches the persona, 
Marsman, and does not care enough about him either to identify with him or to dislike him. He is an object. 
Marsman and his si­ tuation are not com­ pelling subjects; D ick­ ey’s treatment of them is not compelling either. 
The shifts and repetitions and fragments and tan­ 

 gents could be defended, possibly, as capturing the mood or the mindset of 
Marsman. 
Sloppy 
But they do not; or they do, but only by charitable concession of the reader. 
The hum orist does not write “ laughter" into his texts; Shakespeare is not confused in his projection of Hamlet’s confusion — it is self-indulgent plead­ ing to claim .sloppy tech­ nique as a device for projecting a complex or fragmented persona. 
Dickey’s problem here goes back to reserve, to embarrassment in the presence of his own im ­ pulses and gifts. Where he could empathize, he describes; where he could probe, he watches; where he could reveal, he clutters. 
Occasionally a line 

JAMES DICKEY lost in own poem 

 rings clear and stands out, only to be framed instantly with a self-mocking descent to the workaday trivial or lo the (pointless) coarse. 
All of the poem is tied to a character and a si­ tuation that are, as sug­ gested by the scope of tho poem, keyed higher, made larger than life. We are made to expect that 
Afraid 
But Dickey backs off, afraid, somehow, of re­ vealing his concern for 
Marsman, his sympathy, his insight. And we are left with a 5o-page pro­ missory note toward the poem we sense Dickey could write. 
We do not doubt 
Dickey’s m asculinity 
(although, gradually, we sense he may); we grant him the poetic skill — after all, we have seen his lyrics, a number of them among today’s finest achievements; we accept his subject and its occa­ sion; we honor his at­ tempt. 
What we cannot praise, or, eventually, condone, is his failure to commit himself and his powers to it. We cannot accept the heartiness of the locker- room syntax as strength, per se. 
Dickey should realize he is strong enough to be gentle w ithout being ashamed of it, and sym­ pathetic without being endangered. There are modes of communication other than a slap on the back, a beery laugh, and an elbow in the ribs, but not in this poem. 
It is all conventiona­ lized, stereotyped, ac­ cepted pepsquad energy. 
We suspect that away from the game cheer­ leaders are real people. 
But Marsman never be­ comes real. 
Dickey real? 
Dickey himself seems less real after this poem. 
The opening poem takes 

 half the book and is the least effective. 
The shorter sections work better. 
But, paradoxically, it is only in those unguarded moments when he slips and lets his humanity in­ trude that Dickey is at his finest. 
Marsman never re­ solves his involvement with the zodiac, those external constellations. 
Likewise, Dickey never resolves his creative in­ volvement with Mars­ man, his protagonist, be­ cause Marsman is also — and remains throughout 
— an external constella­ tion, to be seen and even pondered but never com­ prehended. It is not that 
Dickey fails to bring the zodiac fin a lly to his 
M arsman; instead he pushes Marsman away until Marsman becomes part of Dickey’s zodiac. 
Separates 
Dickey might have put his considerable powers to the task of bringing his subject and his readers together. But he has used them instead to separate the zodiac from Mars­ man, Marsman from 
Dickey, Marsman from the reader, and, ultima­ tely, Dickey from the reader. 
“ The Zodiac” is, after, a ll, a didactic poem, teaching by example rather than by precept. 
What we learn is even sadder, perhaps, than 
Dickey intended: not that we cannot reach the stars, bul that we cannot even reach each other. 
And that message is not, e x p licitly, part of the poem. 
The dedication is ap­ p allin gly accurate, in retrospect: “ Homage to 
Hendrik Marsman, tost at se a ." The book sug­ gests, cumulatively, that we are all lost. Marsman, at least, had his zodiac. 
All we have, it seems, is 
Dickey’s Marsman. And sorry, that is not enough. 

N— 
✓ 
A rtist Consultants rn n i 

SIX FLAGS AND 
OTHER GREAT ATTRACTIONS 
AT UP TO 5o% OFF! 

Thrills, chills and excitement at Six 
Flags Over Texas. World-renowned art jnuseums Song filled summer musicals 
Action-packed rodeos. Twenty quality restaurants, these fun-filled attractions plus motels and hotels from 1o to 5o% off 

It s all included in your FREE Passport 
* ') to Where the West 
•y Begins. A great Fort x Worth family vacation 
J plan that won t set the family back 

Mail the bonus-filled coupon today 

Rush my FREE Passport to I 
Where the West Begins to | 

I City 
State 
Zip 
I Mail to Passport 
7oo Throckmorton Fort Worth, Texas 761o2 
^ 
(817)336 2491 

EXPRESS-NEWS SU N DA Y M A G A Z IN E -M o y 15, 1977 
PAG ! 13 

Emergency call: ‘1o-33’ 

This morning, while driving to work, and lis­ tening to my CB. I heard a “ 1o-three three” . I had just arrived at the park­ ing lot, so I listened briefly to the responses. 
As you’d guess they came quickly. 
I had a meeting, so I couldn’t wait to learn what followed, but it oc­ curred to me. as I went to my office, that ('Bing is virtually the only means of contact with the outside world from the isolation of the high­ way. And its values are truly underestimated. 
How many other listeners heard that call? 
There is no way of know­ ing. A “ 1o-33 T raffic!” can bring a lot of folks on the dead run. Some will know what to do in an em ergency. 
O thers won’t. 

Upon the one who gets there first will rest the terrible responsibility for one or more lives, per­ haps. 

If that samaritan is a member of an ALERT or 
REACT team, he or she knows how to handle the emergency as a result of his or her training. 

If, on the other hand, the first person to arrive is untrained, and this is possible because CBers are a . com passionate and generous group of 

CB Con vac 

By INK DIPPER 

Editor o f The CB Times-Jtmnml 

 folks, valuable time may be lost. 
REACT alone claims to have handled 55 million em ergency calls since 
1962. Twelve million of these were auto acci­ dents. And reports from across the nation indicate that CBers acting quickly have cut as much as 17 minutes off thr the re ­ sponse time acene. 
The point to all this is that betwen between 
ALERT and 
REACT there are approximately 
3,5oo teams of trained . and informed CBers. 

REACT was the first organization of its kind. 
The Radio E m ergency 
Affiliated Citizens Teams were created to monitor 
CB channels for e m e r­ gencies and then to forward the messages to the proper authorities. 

ALERT 
(Affiliated 
League of E m ergency 
Radio 
T eam s) was formed later with gener­ ally the same objective. 

However, both began to branch out into m ore direct emergency help. 
And. soon, they become competitive. Both strug­ 

 gled for additional members to beef up their total rosters. 

Both of them started with grassroots team s, and grew as these local groups developed and joined into national o r­ ganizations. 

Meantime, another or­ ganization form ed as 
CBing became a flood: 
American CB Operators 
Association. Organized primarily as a lobbying group, and an expediter of solutions to go v ern ­ mental problems affect­ ing CBers, ACBOA had a formidable membership list. 

A merger has just been com pleted between 
ALERT and ACBOA Of­ ficials say the new com­ bination makes ALERT a larger organization than 
REACT. Meantime, the fight goes on. 

And, the guy who put out the 1o-33 hopes that one or the other team s gets to him and expedites meaningful help. 

To fully utilize the CB phenom enon. 
REACT 

Free Reprint 
What does the world’s best­ selling encyclopedia say about President Jimmy Carter? 

Its yours for the asking... a complete biography of our new 
President reprinted from the 
1977 World Book. 
Wonderfully illustrated and written to be interesting and understandable to both children and adults, this exciting re­ print will tell you a lot about both Jimmy Carter and World 
Book. 
It’ll bring you warm and fresh insights into our new 
President’s early career, youth and childhood. And it will show you how interesting and easy lo understand World Book is...why it’s by far the worlds best-selling encyclopedia. 
Mail the coupon today. No obligation, of course. 

WORLD BOOK 
SAIS 
RO. Box OSU, Hillside, III oo1o2 

• VRS, I would like a free copy of the Jimmy 
Carter biography reprinted from World Book. 
I understand there is no cost or obligation on my part and that I will In- contacted to learn whether I want further information about 
World Book. 

Name 

Address 

(Please print) 

City 
State 
Zip 

I, 

□ I would like one of your representatives to give me further information about World 
Book as quickly as possible. 

 and ALERT (including 
ACBOA) should join hands to cre ate e m e r ­ gency grids that would mean a trained team member could respond to a 1o-33 immediately and render the kind of assis­ tance that is tru ly meaningful. 
Dona Rosa pounds grey clay 

PAGE 14 
EXPRfSS-NEWS SUNDAY MAGAZINE— M ay 15, 1977 

 products to a foreign market. 
In case you w onder why, with a good head sta rt. Rosa d id n ’t m o­ dernize. set tip m achin­ ery for fast production and make herself a pile of money, the answer is so simple and obvious that you overlooked it. 
She is a happy lady who wants none of the com plications of high livinc. The little adobe house, simple food, her work and peace of mind are all she wants. 
One of the most popu­ lar items she turns out is the clay bell, which has a clear. m etal tone. 
T here’s a legend about this. 
The story says that an 
Indian boy was watching some Spanish children playing with a metal bell during colonial tim es. 
The boy made himself a clay bell, this being the 

 only m aterial at hand, but it only rattled instead of ringing. 
So the lad ran to the church, knelt before the tower where the huge bell was rung and prayed 
. . . If the church bell really loved the Indians of Coyotepec, would it please transmit its sound to the clay? Please . . . 
The miracle occurred, says Dona Rosa, and since that day all black clay bells made in Coyo­ tepec have had the same tone as metal bells. 
About 25 years ago, in­ cidentally, I bought one of these little clanging devices from Rosa and it still rings with crystal clear tones. Although the service at the dinner ta­ ble, where it is used, hasn’t improved notice- bly since I got the bell. 

Turtle Creek 
Presents 

The 5th 
Dim ension 
Barbara 
Eden 

 in the C elebrity Stage Ballroom 
W ed.-Sat. May 18, 19, 2o & 21 
Two Shows Niqhtly 
7:3o & 1o:oo p.m. 
$1o.oo Per Person. 
Call 696-56oo 
For Reservations ga 
Turtle Creek 
Country Club 

1-1o to Wurzbach to 383o Parkdale 

Question? 
Problem ? 
Ask 

Action / Express 

 in the San Antonio Express 

THE ACES 
© ON BRIDGE 

Oy 
IRA G CORN JR 

TEAM CAPTAIN 
Additionally, the com­ bined efforts of these or­ ganizations could spread their training and infor­ mation tracts throughout the CB world so that 
“ help on the way” means skillful and knowledgea­ ble hands are at your service. 

Dear Mr. Corn: 
Rubber bridge, no special conventions or agreements 
Partner opened in a suit, next h a n d d o u b l e d a nd 
I redoubled Am I not the cap­ tain of the bidding at this point and shouldn t opener pass to respect my wishes” 

No Respect. Hotelman. Alaska 

Answer: Normally yes The redoubler becomes captain and opener leaves the door open for the redoubler to act. 
But that is only if opener has a "normal opening" and is p r e p a r e d to a bi de by whatever decision you make 
If opener has an unusual or highly distributional hand with little defense, opener can alert the redoubler by bidding at his next turn and denying the redoubler the op­ portunity to double 

Dear Mr. Corn: 
South holds this hand and this is the bidding 

♦ K J 7 
5 IV \ 
▼ A J IO 7 6 
♦ 7 
♦ A H H 3 

N orth 
South 
I * 
2* 
3* 
I say that North has shown a great hand and that South should investigate slam 
I prefer a cue bid of four clubs since a jump lo four spades might end the bidding. What do you say” 

Slam B idder. San Antonio. Tex 

Answ er: I agree that a slam may well be on but I don't like either of your choices 
Four spades is an underbid and four clubs might create later problems Since the partnership is committed to bid at least a game, why not bid three spades” This con­ firms the suit and leaves plenty of space for partner to initiate slam investigation 
Cue bids in advance of suit establishment almost always lead to ambiguous situations and partner must struggle to differentiate between suit bids and cue bids. 

Dear Mr. Corn: 

I held this hand and bid as follows 
I felt like I had bid all 
I could and that any further moves were up to partner Do you agree’ 

♦ 8 7 2 
5 15 B 
▼ a q .) 1o7 
▼ K Q6 
♦ aq 

 iWe 
P a r t n e r 
IV 
2 ♦ 
;<♦ 
:nr 
4* 

Said I' All Ni l* O rleans 

Answer: I agree. If slam were on. surely North could have found a more encourag­ ing bid than four hearts. 

Dear Mr. Corn: 
Is a jump to four no trump over an opening bid of one no trump a request for ates or is it a qualitative raise” 

Bm Mixup San F rancisco 

Answer: Direct jumps to four no trump over openings of one or two no trump are in citational raises. Opener should pass with a minimum and bid. slam with a max unum To ask for aces one should either agree to play the Gerber ('our Club Con­ vention or first bid a .suit and then use Blackwood. 

Dear Mr. Corn: 
I doubled for takeout one heart and partner responded one spade I now cue bid two hearts What sort of hand did 
I promise” 

Jammed Signals. Detroit 

Answer: A two spade raise would promise about an ace more than an opening bul A three spade bid would show about 19-2o points in support of spades A cue bid of oppo­ nent's suit should show a slightly wronger hand and implores responder to move towards game if he has any moderate values 

Send bridge ques!ions lo The Aces. 
IMI 
Box 12363. D allas 
T exas 
7 5225. wilt) s e I f - a d d r e s s e it stam ped envelope for reply fopvr.Khl 1977 
I mitt! Fr,»uj:v Simla ate im 

SPECIAL SUNDAY FEATURE 

O P E N F R O M 5 P.M. 

 includes our 
(special price 
So u p & Salad J u 
Sunday only - 
B ar and T 
. ^ w 
W regular menu 

B aked Potato 
V 
• 

OPEN FROM 5 P M 

111 MW. Loop • San Antonio 
Phone: 349-24o7 

Read Barry 

Robinson, a Man 

 for All Seasons 

(ba*ehull. Football. Radvelhall) in the San Antonio Express 

Ame i NPM 
MAMO MMK a Atta 

SI.25 TILL 2:oo P.M. 
"IW Y " 11:oo-2:15-5:3o-8:45 
MACON 12:35-3 5o-7:o5-1o. IO i i i 
"A W E S O M E ! 

EXIT THE 

ENTER THE 
TIGER 

BRUCE LEE... Im Butte avenged by 
BRUCE U The Mew Mantel Arts Master 

The Koiig*Fa Kit Mon couldn’t moke it m o cop! He too1' matters into his own hands- R 

Sandy Dennis is a nun impersonating a man in comedy at the Northwest 
Six. 

 a little sp a ce 
In the right p la ce 

Call 
225-1666 

Callaghan : 
Twin 
: 

4 4 1 2 C a lla g h a n 
4 3 4 -6 *1 I 
7422 S.W. Mil. 
*7 4 -1 3 7 1 
41 2 o NtKo-Parrifi 
6 3 * 3 4 5 4 
MoN.-FRI. 7:3o-9:15 
E V E R Y ONCE IN A VV H IL L 
A M U K KUK U L M B L T O M E S 
A H O RRO R C L A S S I C 

In 1*1 i i . I K A S K I N S I I I N 

I i i 1 9 ) 2 , I J K Ai I I A 
In I 'M . KOS! M AKA s HABA 
Iii 1974, I MI LXOR( IST 

From Beyond 
The Grave 

.WHERE DEATH IS JUST THE BEGINNING 

The Film You Will Remember All Your Life1 

ALL 

SEATS 

1 .o o 

4 5 4 -3 4 5 4 
Diana Ross double feature 

J’KXihl PuttmOttKntS 
Mahogany 

 iavwvmoii nit**' 
A ( M W W * Pullet 

Sdunaraih or Moiown 
(Atoms f. tots 
PLUS 
LADY SINGS THE BLUES 
Mon.-Fri. 
Mahogany: 7:oo 
Lady: 9:oo 
Sat. & Sun.: 
Mahogany, 2:35, 7:oo 
Lady: 12:1o, 4:35, 9:oo 

N I B ! 

★ EXCLUSIVE ★ 

* EXCLUSIVE *- 

WHO IS T H E L ITT LE G IRL 
W HO L I V E S DOWN IHF. LAN E?, 

EV ERYO N E WHO KN O W S IS DF AD. 

The 
Little Girl 
Who Lives 

The Lane 

’JODIE FOSTER MARTIN SHEEN ALEXIS SMITH 
. FRI. o MON. 7:45-9:3o 
SAT.-SUN. 1:oo-2:45-4:25-6:1o r= — , 
. 7:45_-?:JLCL------- 
JP G ] 

ANNIE HALL — 
Diane Keaton and Woody Allen star in comedy about a strange romance, directed and written by Allen, at the Northwest Six, Century 
South and UA Cine Cinco. 

AIRPORT ‘77 — 
Christopher Lee and Lee Grant are an unhappy couple in action film at the Northwest 
Six and Century South. 

Express-News Want Ads 225-1666 

I L * 5 TiU 1:oo PM 
IS T /M IU ^ W A W 
11:25-2:15-5:3o-8:45 

O W S M A C Y 12:3o-3:45-7:oo-1 O OO 

SLAP SHOT — 
Francine Dunlop is a hockey player's wife in action-comedy at the Central Park 
Fox and UA 4. 

2 
YOU DON'T 
Of BEST HAVE TO BE 
M TH** RICH TO BE jjul 
PERVERSE, 
TRR 
RUT 
POSITION 
HELPS... 

ROTH RATIO X 
NO BARGAIN MAT OR PASSES 
K O W -11:oo-1 5o-4 4 o 7 3o-1o1o 
E 
I? 3o3 2o* 1o9 oo 
. 

T t T iJ i t X P C S l K c fflO U % 

S C S S ® ?*’! 

EXPRESS-NEWS SUNDAY MAGAZINE— M ay 15, 1977 
PAGE I S 

Express-News W ant Ads 

225-1666 

R O C K Y 
— 
S y lv e s te r 

Stallone, a u th o r o f the film, stars as a p a lo o ka of a prize fighter along with 
Burt Young in film at the 

Laurel. 

WOODY 
ALLEN 
DIANE 
KEATON 
TONY 
ROBERTS 
CAROL 
KANE 
PAUL 
SIMON 
SHELLEY 
DUVALL 
JANET 
MARGOLIN 
CHRISTOPHER 
WALKEN 
COLLEEN 
DEWHURST 
ANNIE HALL 

A nervous romance. 

A JACK POLLINS CHARLES H JOFFE PRODUCTION 
Written by WOODY ALLEN and MARSHALL BRICKMAN • Directed by WOODY ALLEN 
[pcjnuiemt amma sus« stm 
Produced by CHARLES H JOFFE a p United Artists 
.-.t i .—*-— 
— 'x Kj 
S A Va 
C om fily femrirrm n re 
L'-JHHuGuHtttl 
Isii 
( I W 
T U i Y f . 
K H I N t J rn .- • — -■» — 
• ■■ 
1 2 :o o - 2 :o o - 4 :o o 
6 :oo - 8:oo- 1o:oo 

1 W MM O. ax IN l l So 
9 7 4 *5 3 1 

1 2 :o o -2 :o o -4 :o o 
6 :oo- 8:oo - 1o:oo 

1 5 ; .7. i y 
% 

1 :4 o -3 :4 o -5 :4 o 
7 :1 o -9 :4 o 

NEW LAUREL 
231o SAN PEDRO • 736-4551 

- s X f / W 
12:4o-3:oo-5: 
7:4o 1o:oo PM. 
WO RAI. MAT 

I. •'"I 
1:2o 
J 
'JA. 
I 
At. 
I 

(HIGHEST RATINGl 

" R O C K Y " 
"THE WINNER 
TAKES THE 
TITLE, BUT 
THE LOSERS 
COURAGE 
IS THE 
LEGEND." 
• 
SEE IT 
N O W ! ! 

ACADEMY AWARD WINNER 
BESTPICTURE 
9»oMu»il Dr M W * WWKLf* MVI HOSfHT CMMTTOP t 
BEST 
DIRECTOR jo h n g a l l o s e * 
Id BEST FILM 
J R EDITING 
ROCKY 

 t a a a a y o M A A ragged Vint, so good in 'Macon CoantY Line' 

 has lots of authority that serves him well. 

 a film made with intelligence and concern." 

-L O S ANGELES TIMES 

■BLACK OAK 
CONSPIRACY 

B A S E D O f H n W E S T O R Y 
AZTECS 
$1.25 n a 2:oo P.M. 
^ 
'NASHVILLE GIRL' 
11:oo-2:15-5:3o-8:45 
12:3o-3:45-7:oo-1o:15 
UA MOVIES— 4 
HAPPY HOUP TIU 1:3o 
1:15-3:15-5:15-7:15-9:15 

U.A. CINE CINCO 
"HAPPY HOUR Tit 1:3o 
AT 1:15-3715-5:15-7:15-9:15 
CAPITAN DR. IN 
OAK 8:5o-11:55 
DEEP 1o:3o 
Hot "EVN IN THE DEEP" 

Express-News W ant Ads 225-1666 
TH€ OLMO? 

SUNDBY- MONDRY - TUGSDhY 

 singing in the rain an american in paris H hjg- 

Gene Kelly sings and dances his way through Paris 
\ vmjD as an ex G I. and then through Hollywood in the late 2o's. 

Classic Films in a classic setting 

MAY 15 16-17 

& adam’s rib a 

The Tracy-Hepburn team at their best in these adult comedies set in the sport's arena and legal arena. 

M A Y 22 23 24 
_________ 

 philadelphia story 

W om an of the Year 

Katherine Hepburn turns in two absolutely divine performances as a demure socialite and as woman of the year. 

MAY 29 3o 31 

THE WIZARD OF OZ meet me in st. louis 

Oz and St. Louis make for two colorful points of departure with Judy Garland singing through both excursions. 

JUNE 5 6 7 
_____ 

PAGE 16 
EXPRESS-NEWS SUNDAY M A G A ZIN E —May 15, 19 77 

M-G’M 
Festival 

FRIDAY -SATURDAY 

 camille mar anna L a w n i n n 
Garbo brings glamour and ro­ mance to these two wonderfully rich stories. Her performances are eloquent, tragic, yet re- strained. 
MAY 2o-21 

THIN MAN north by northwest 
William Powell and Cary Grant mud­ dle their way through two of this century's more intriguing mysteries with a maximum of charm and wit. 
MAY 27-28 

G O W E S T 

The Marx Bros are turned loose on department store and the 187o's - neither quite recover. 

JUNE 3-4 

 band wagon 
No on* ttaget j muveal like MGM end have ere two clastic examples 
Astarte exhibits an extraordinary amount of finesse and delicacy, and Chevalier continues to steal th* 
(•dies hearts rn the continental fashion 

JUNE 1o-11 

13 5 4' 
— 
- 

Pia, the smiling critic 
On Broadway 
NEW YORK — Ingrid 
Bergman’s pretty daughter, 
Pia 
Lind- strom, is becoming a celebrity from her TV appearances 
— and smiles at the possibility that she as a theater re­ viewer might have to criticize her mother in a 
Broadway play. 

“ My mother laughs about it, too,” says Pia, who’s blond and 36, the mother of two sons, and very serious about her double life; getting the boys up at 7, and then getting herself off to her 
TV reporter job at NBC a couple of hours later. 

“ Mother’s an actress, my step-father’s a play producer in Paris, and to have a critic in the fa­ mily is like having a viper in the nest,” ex­ plains Pia. “ I told my mother she’d better be good if she comes here in a show, that I’d have to say whether she’s good. 

‘Actually,” Pia added, 
“ she knows I’m such a pushover for her, I wouldn’t dare say anyth­ ing but good.” 

By EARL WILSON 

Pia loves the job, the free seats at the best shows. Sometimes she’s escorted by her husband, mortgage banker 
Joe 
Daley. 

Frequently, she’s alone and rushes out with the other critics, hails a cab in the rain or snow, writes her two-minute review and goes on the air with a couple of swipes at her hair and hopes she was fair. 

“ I know if I ’m too nice 
I ’m going to lose my job. 
I feel just rotten if I have to criticize somebody I know well, but what can you do? 

“ You have to give an honest opinion and I ’ve seen a good bit of theater. I don’t go to theater parties after­ ward. I go home at mid­ night and eat in the kit­ chen alone.” 
Beyond the theater re­ viewing, Pia’s been do­ 

 ing some rather adven­ turous hosting for an 
NBC pilot, “ Coast to 
Coast,” which recently saw her climbing so car­ elessly around a tugboat that the captain shouted, 
“ Get down from there. 
You’re not insured!” 

Pia’s been a TV re­ porter for IO years, hav­ ing started in San Fran­ cisco, has won an Emmy for topical reporting, has interviewed people like 
Charlie Chaplin, and has indulged in stunts, some of which may have been dangerous. 

“ I never thought about anything being danger ous,” she said. " I ’m a1 ways concerned. Is the camera running? Will I remember what to say?” 

 your behind!” 

Winner, Loser, Lover, Loudmouth...THE 
Winner, Loser, Lover, 
Winner, Loser, 
Winner, Loser, 
Winner, Loser, 
Winner, Loser, 
Winner, Loser, 
Winner, Loser, 
Winner, Losers 
Winner, Lo 

 th...THE 
THE 
THE 
THE 
T H E 1 i i O L th ...THE th...THE 
THE 
E 

MAN 
MAN 
MAN 
MAN 
MAN 
MAN 
MAN 
MAN 
MAN 
MAN 

The story yon only think WU know. 

A COLUMBIA/EMI Presentation 
MUHAMMAD AU in "THE GREATEST"* A JOHN MARSHALL PRODUCTION 
ERNEST BORGNINE • JOHN MARLEY* LLOYD HAYNES 

Special Appearances By ROBERT DUVALL* DAVID HUDDLESTON • BEN JOHNSON 
JAMES EARL JONES-DINA MERRILL-ROGER E MOSLEY* PAUL WINFIELD 

With ANNAZETTE CHASE • MIRA WATERS • Screenplay by RING LARDNER. Jr 

Based on The Greatest My Own Story, by MUHAMMAD ALI * HERBERT MUHAMMAD 

 and RICHARD DURHAM • Produced by JOHN MARSHALL* Directed by TOM GRIES 

Music by MICHAEL MASSER J P G J PARI NIM GUIOAWCI SUGGESTLD I r ! 

[jWMGiNAt «,ouNU IFAC» AiPvWivAiiABil OWARiSl* w c w o s j j '■■‘MI OMI STAI OM Nill HI SHIAHU >.* IHI MI HAKINS J 

OCMIRAL CINEMA CORPORATION 
I 
STAR 

S.W. Mil. bt of IH 35 So. 924-6531 
342r93o4 

“ Dangerous? Oh, I guess they lose a few. 
I ’ve hung out of buildings getting stories from window-washers. 
I ’ve been hanging out of helicopters.” Pia be­ lieves that her hosting on the “ Coast to Coast” pi­ lot “ is very important for my career. I certainly did my best with it.” 

Born in Stockholm, Pia has lived in Rome and 
Paris, has been around theater people all her life, and has never ser­ iously wanted to be an actress. 

“ I flirted with the idea when I was in Italy, but I knew I never could be as good as my mother, I never felt that I MUST act.” 

She s never had to use 

 the name of her mother nor of her father, Dr. 
Peter Lindstrom, a San 
Francisco neurosurgeon, to get work. “ I ’m sure I didn’t get hired because of them. I believe I’m good.” 

Pia, who was wearing a simple black suit, said she d already been in the park early that morning with her sons. 

Her mother is looking for a N.Y. apartment which will give her a chance to see more of her two grandsons. 
Pia’s half-sister, Isa­ bella Rossellini, is a TV interviewer in Rome, and recently interviewed 
Barbra Streisand for Ita­ lian viewers. 

Grandmother Ingrid is expected here in July. 
PIA LINDSTROM in early career 

WHAT'S SHOWING DIRECTORY 

I NORTHWEST SIX 

I 
"ANNIE HALL" 

CENTURY SOUTH 6 

"ANNIE HALL" 

I 
"YOUNG 
I 
FRANKENSTEIN" 
"YOUNG 
FRANKENSTEIN" 
- I 
"THE CAR" 
"THI CAR" 
I 
"NASTY 
I 
HABITS" 
"ENTER 
THE DRAGON" 

I 
"AIRPORT 77" 
"AIRPORT 7 7 " 

"ENTER 
I 
THE DRAGON" 
"BLACK 
SUNDAY" 

I 
SAN PEDRO 
I 
YOUNG FRANKENSTEIN" 
I 
"OLD DRACULA" 

MISSION 

"YOUNG FRANKENSTEIN 

"OLD DRACULA' 

I 
"ENTER THE DRAGON" 
I 
"FIVE FINGERS 

Of DEATH" 

"PINK PANTHER 
STRIKES AGIN ’ 

"RETURN OF A MAN 

CALLED HORSE" 
I 

STRIKES AGAIN' 

"RETURN OF A MAN 

CALLED HORSE" 

TOWN TWIN 

YOUNG FRANKENSTEIN" 

"OLD DRACULA" 

VARSITY 

"ENTER THE DRAGON' 

"FIVE FINGERS OF DEATH ' 

PINK PANTHER STRIKES AGAIN 

•'RETURN OE A MAN CAUK HORSE 

VALLEY HI 
"Pm PANTHBI STUKES AGAIN” 
RETURN or A MAN CAUH) HORSE 

TRAIL 

"ENTER THE DRAGON" 
FIVE FINGERS OF DEATH" 

FRED. ROAD 
"PANT ASM" 
"UNDERAGE' 

INNOCENCE OP GRUS ABROAD 

LACKLAND 

"SWMGMG SORORITY' 

OLMOS 

H IO S San r n r n * 
GOH KBIT SINGS ANO DANCES HIS WAY 
THROUGH PARK AS AN IX G I. 
"AM AMOHCAM Bl PAUS” 
2:1o-6:o5 1o:oo 
ANO THEN THROUGH HOUYWOOD tN 
THI U H M S RE 
“ S H O N G VI H S RAM ” 
12:25-4 2o-i: 15 

STARTING 
WEDNESDAY 
’A DAT AT TM RACES 
A MCMT AT TMI OTHA 

STARTING 
PRIDAY 

'CAMMAS'* 
AMMA KAMANN A' 

^ r Mf o B ir a ie H sasss 
THEATRE CAPACITY 
’ 

POR RRST 
HERfCRMANCI O t*Y . 

IA N A E E C O lf j j j M I S S I O N 

 r t l H t l S C # ( I N O U T O O O * 
J E 
H 
U 
T W I N O U / D O O R T H I A M * 
I3«lt 

Son Peeke e l lifte r* Rd. 
U U U HI 
O U TD O O R TMI ATRI 

THEE OUTRAGEOUS COMEDY! 
TY 
HABITS 

(P G ) 
"HILARIOUS HEAVENLY 
HASH. COMEDY GETS 
A SHOT IN THE APSE 
WITH'NASTY HABITS’ 
Rn Retd, New York Only Nows 

STARRING 

GLENDA JACKSON 

MELINA MERCOURI 

GERALDINE PAGE 

SANDY DENNIS 

ANNE JACKSON 

ANNE MEARA 

O O * M*d«no to te Ad 
674 333 
PtIER SELLERS ■ BUU EMBS 
THE UNK 
ANTHER STRIKES 
AGAIN rn p i 
BACK BY POPULAR 
DEMAND! n us 
RICHARD HARRIS 
THE RETURN 
OF A M A N CALLED HORSE 

 t.** td. to vt Im* 41o m 

THE WORLD OF SEXUAL FANT 
STA R RIN G 8:45 
USCH1 DIGART (X ) 

, 
, wiEDIRAGI" innocence 

Jai- THEY TURNED THE 
GIRLS ABROAD r 
NETWORKS ON!ie35 a b ro a c h 

 tXPRESS-NEWS SUNDAY M AGAZINE—May IS , 1977 
PAGE 17 

IS IT A PHANTOM, A DEMON, 
OR THE DEVIL HIMSELF? 

T H E C A R 
A 

VtlfSd KH ANKE YSTF.IY lit VK H UMH ■ I’KT KH BHV IK 
M VKTV KKLDMVN *< LUKIS LEACHY!\N 
TKHI I. VBK 
KENNITH MAKS MAItKIINK K VHN 

MKH WX (.Kl NhfH-t MU 
I .KM- »H IH-K MKI KKiH»h'> 
_ _ 
M \R \ M .M IKI I M (MHN M ORNS' 
A 

Movies in 
River City 

 stein; Nasty Habits; Air­ port ‘77. 

O lm os: 
Sun-Tues: 
Singing in the Rain + An 
A m erican 
In 
P a ris; 
YVed-Thur: A Day at the 
Races + A Night at the 
Opera; Sat-Sun: Camille 
+ Anna Karenina. 

Texas: Enter the Ora­ son. 

Aztec-3: 
Black Oak 
Conspiracy + Nashville 
Girl; Double Exposure of 
Holly + Blow Dry ; Exit the Dragon. E nter the 
Tiger + Fists of Fury. 

B r o a d w a y : 
Y o u n g 
Frankenstein. 

Central Park Fox: 
Slap Shot; L ittle Girl 
Who Lives Down the 
Lane; Network. 

Century South: 
The 
Car; Annie Hall; Enter the Dragon; Black Sun­ day; Airport ‘77; Young 
Frankenstein. 

Colonies North: 
Su­ perbug + Superbug Su­ peragent. 

Josephine: 
Bweet 
Pumpkin. 

ISLANDS IN THE STREAM — 
George C. Scott is a Hemingway hero in the film at the North Star 
Cinema. 

CA 4: 
M oham m ad 
Messenger of God; Black 
Oak Conspiracy. 

CA Cine Cinco: Annie 
Hall; Black Oak Conspir­ acy; Enter the Dragon; 
The Littel Girl Who Lives 
Down the Lane. 

C n iversal 
Twin: 
Young 
F ra n k en ste in ; 
Bedroom Magic + Love 
Thy Neighbor and His 
Wife. 

Wonder: 
Mohammad 
Messenger of God; Black 
Sunday. 

Laurel: Rocky 

North Star Cinema: 
Islands in the Stream 
The Eagle Has Landed. 
W oodlawn: 
Lucky 
Luciano; Blazing Saddles 
+ Monty Python and the 
Holy Grail. 

Northwest Six: 
Annie 
Hall; The Car; Enter the 
Dragon; Young Franken- 

Winner. Loser, Lover, Loudmouth 
...THE MAN 

CENTURY SOUTH 6 
11:oo-1:oo-4:oo6:oo-8:oo-1 o:oo 
NORTHWEST SIX 
12:oo-3:oo-4.oo-6 oo-8:oo-1o OO 
'STARTS 
FRIDAY! 
See Boxing 
Champions 

THE CAR — 
James Brolin bikes his daughters, Kyle Richards and Kim Richards, to school is action film at the Century South, Northwest Six and UA Cine Cinco. 
MIKE &. SAMMY AYALA in person 
Friday, May 2oth-CENTURY SOUTH and don't miss 
Muhammad AU in "THE GREATEST"! 
Express-News Want Ads 225-1666 

IF IT S DEEN TOO LONG SINCE YOU'VE 
SEEN A REALLY GOOD MOVIE... 
SEE "ISLANDS IN THE STREAM". 
BRUCE LEE 
GREATEST SUPERSTAR 

WHO EVER 
LIVER 

EXCLUSIVE! 
I:3o-3:35-5:4o-7:45-9:5o 
IN HIS 
GREATEST FILM 

NORTH STAR 
* g — 
— 
I 
3 4 2 - 9 3 o 4 p 
— fc 

[d o n a l d S U T H I-: RI A N D 
M I C H A I L C M N K .I 
“THE EAGLE HAS 
¥ A k i n r n M 
12:2o-2:4o-5:oo 
LANDED p< 
7 * 9 o - 9 : 4 o 

The ultim ate in Martial A rts adventure a n d excitement! (g) 
David 
Niven 

12:45-2:35-4:25-6:15-8:o5-9:55 

2nd feature at Drive 
Ins Only u 
“ OLD 
DRACULA” 
MCCRELESS 
533-o431 
LEARN THE 
SECRET OF 
T H I... 
NORTHWEST SIX theG U M B H L L r r l l y 

I 
1 2 
- 2 
- 4 
- 6 - 8 o o 
W 
I 

1:15-3:25-5:35-7:45-9:55 
1:15-3:25-5:35-7:45-9:55 

N O R T H W E S T S I X 121o-21o-41o-61o-819-1ooo 

12:oo-2:oo-4:oo-6 oo-8:oo-1o:oo 
PIHL CINCO. jl2:5o-2:5S-S:oo-7:o5-9.1o r e v I C ' 
: 
EN TER -11:3o-3; 15-7:oo- 1o:2o 
I L A N O 
F IV E -1:15-5:oo-8:45 

(MB VERSAL 
12:oo-2:oo-4:o<k6:oo-8:oo-1o:oo 

A b c i j M j w w r r I 2 15-4.1o.6-o5-8:oo-9:55 ' 
" 
I 

1 VOUNG 8:45-12:15 

~ 7 W 
7 m 
— 
I o i d — io :5 o 

'ACE I S 
IXP8ES5-NEW5 tfNDAY MAGAZINE— M a y 15, 1977 

ENTER THE 
DRAGON 
8:45-12:25 
PYE FINGERS 

I MCCRELESS S I-o o ALL S H O W AT A U T IM IS 

Express-News Want Ads 

= 
= 
2 2 5 - 1 6 6 6 ^ 
^ 
= 

THE 
EAGLE 
H A S 
LANDED — 
Donald 
Sutherland is a German agent after Churchill in action film at the North 
Star Cinema. 

I 
B 
U 
I 
C 
K 

I 
S 
O 
N 
D 
A 
Y 
J L MtorrsaMi wmn m um m tm m 
Sm ifiYSOim i] ti.A. CBK CWCO I ABC RONDOT 

■ 
' , ; 4 5 2 2o 
1:45-4:25 
I 45-4 2o 
114: 5 5 - 7 :3 o 
J 
7.o5 -9 .4 5 
I 
6 :55-9.3o 

■ 
1 o :o 5 m o B A R G A IN MATINEE 

 r 
*1 U N I T E D 
A B T I S T 8 T H E A T R E S f 
™ m l 
------------------ — -------------- I-»£*IL.skm 
? tJmMm 

o I 4o-3:4o-5:4o-7:4o 9 4o 
• -**■ WOODY 
AUEN 
IS BACK 

W 
SOOTH PA.** MAUL 
W 
SOUTH PAUK MA to. 
\ 

P G 
I 

% Ut S * VWiUfv 

FOR THE I 
THE VAST, SPECTACULAR 
DRAMA THAT CHANGED 
THE WORLD I 

“ A N N IE 

H A L L ” 

o 12:5o-2:55;S:B©-7:oS-9:1o tm BRUCE 
**”“ 

1 

I 
D R A G O N ” 

 a 

Coto* 
A 
_*«/!«> 

| 
1 3 o - 3 : 3 o -5 : 3 o - 7 :3 o - 9 : 3 o 
4 

Of MARTI Al 
IEE 
« « 
“ E N T E R T H E 

1 : 4 5 - 4 : 2 5 - 7 : o 5 - 9 : 4 5 
IT COULD BE 
TOMORROW! 

 isa« r> J 

I M * IS $ 

ACADEMY AW ARD 
W IN N E R 
HIT WHGIX*, 
HMG 

EVWOREEW 

STREIiAHO • ABU TO Pf lit SON 
4 
A STAR 
{ 
,s BORN” J 

[tA»ilT~TlEa (o»« 

13:3o 2:4o 4:55 7:2o 9:45 
PAUL 
NEWMAN. 

JESSE VINT - THE MAH WHO 

CROSSED THE MACON COUNTY 

UHE IS BACK TO BUST UR 
THE 
“ BUCK OAK 

.. 4 

SBH 
&&&&& v.,., ,, .CC*; 

THE UTH E GIRL W H O LIVES DOWN THE LANE — 
Martin Sheen is a neighborhood pervert with his eyes on Jodie Foster in the movie at the Central Pork 
Fox and UA Cine Cinco. 

"THC GREATEST SUSPENSE 
_ _ THRILLER OF THE 
DECADE!"—Kona Barrett, ABC-TV 

Ie 
%* 

ONDER 2 

 s la p ; s m u t ; 

T tfobc M ^ l] na mr 

1:3o-4:o5 
6:4o-9:15 
1:o5-4:3o-8:oo 

EM F O U R P F C A D E S O N L Y FO C R 
IH F K O B E 
‘T N E T E N C O M M A N D M E N T S 
B E N I 
A N D N O W 
FOR THE RRST TIME... 
THE VAST. SPECTACULAR DRAMA 
THAT CHANGED THE WORLD! 

COMTttWOtfi WOWS It ANL (HOTT UNWBAir 
Theatres or U M * « 'o » io 
[MEEME* 
____ _ 
TRI FOUST U t E t* RECUT HUIT FUMS X EXT CE 
Puss 

MACK 11 OO 2^5 
S JO I W t o n I M S 3:4o O SO 
*.ss 
Bedroom 

(X) 

PLU S 
“LOV! THY NEIGHBOR 
AND HIS W R ” (X) 

B 
E 
S S I E 
3 3 * W 
IMM 

.-OO-11:3o-2: 
-.3o 5 :o o -o :3 o 
8 : o o - o : 3 o 

"I SHOOK MY MIAO IN 
DISBELIEF WHEN C J 
LAING DO HER ROUTINE 
IFS A FEAT THAT MUSTj 
BE SEEN TO BE BELIEVED! c * . 

W O O I I 4 W N 
I A ll 

H o s t so 
4 3 sT l5 I 
MAB 
_____________ 
»*a Hts id# 
(♦ JO 
M k.tew* »< 
>31 H U s e s t e t s 
• THI X-RATIO MOVIE Att OF 
SAN ANTONIO S TAUCH* 
ABOUT!'' 

- r f l P E S T R V 
A c/j Ptt44(CH 
A 

 tarring JOHN HOLMES I l ' M m ] WMW 

PLUS 
W 
"SPACE THING" (*> 

Express-News Want Ads 225-1666 

^^mfiwMAJOEt y i i m r /o x u r n 

 k 
| 
^ c r u x e s i 
IMI A IR E S O f S A N A N T O N IO 

T S M U $1 OO At MAU 
'f ammu ti so 
WG" I M 
44SIM 
*GW1 ti OO 
H S -* I* M i 

TWO GREAT 
SUPERBUGS 
TOGETHER! 

• IDS t i OO AIWAYS 
* own ti m twin s oc 
Ana so* ti J«. 
T E X A S 

 tutti ti : j is JOF t e a nvt i it- 
S OO i ii 

, 

EMTER 
\ f H E DRAGON” («) 
PIUS 

FIVE 

FINGERS 
OF DEATH” 
% 

Awin ti 
W it S OO j rn* s oetign c e k itn in m 

I .EW. 
I a TA ■- - 
Tit I 3 I I 

_ 
I lt.-4t> 
311-M S 1o:1* 
_ 
_ 
_ 
_ 
_ 
_ 
_ 
_ 
_ 
_ 
MAUNG I SR 
■ • >e r.*4 *.-i»•_» im 
Jai t a i* 
5 OO * a 

THE YEAR’S CRAZIEST DOUBLE FEATURE! 
PLUS 
Mel Brooks' 

B B S IZING 
SADDLES 

\ IN SPANISH SUBTITLES 

 trn otifitui tact1 
VHStOK CAN NOT M lf EM OM I V." 
“MONTY 
PYTHON AND 
THE HOLY 
GRAIL” 

<5 ! r n 

EXMttSS-NEWS SUNDAY MAGAZINE—-Mey 15,1977 RAGE It 

Merle won’t move to Nashville,yet 

LYNN ANDERSON on the brink of divorce 

San Antonio 
Symphony 
Update ... 

May 16+ 
BYRON JANIS 
Piano 
JOHN MAUCERI 
Conducting 

RIMSKY- 
KORSAKOV 
SAINT-SAENS 
Scheherazade 
Concert No. 5 for Piano and 
Orchestra 
RAVEL 
La Valse 

 tMon. 7:3o pm Laurie Auditorium 
NOTE 
Both performanceso 
NOR 

Y SILLS 

Tickets 
Subscription Series $3 to $6.5o 
Also available at Record Hole 

RENEW YOUR SUBSCRIPTION 
NOW POR NEXT SEASON! 

Nightclub singer Steve 
Lawrence is here to re­ cord an album. “ There is no way for me to sing country so n g s,’’ Law ­ rence said. 

“ Any such attem p t would come through a r­ tificially. I came here to work with the Nashville m usicians — who can play country blues or even the classics. They are in a league by them­ selves.” . . . When Law­ rence performs on the swank nitery circuit he w orks with his wife, songstress Eydie Gorme. 
Eydie is with him this trip but not singing on the LP. 

“ I’m merely a silent kibitzer,” she said. ‘‘I’ve never been in Nashville and wanted to see what it looks like.” And the (b) eat goes on. . . 
Country music enter­ tainers; involvement in dinner clubs and night­ clubs has almost reached the epidemic stage. 

There’s the Rhinestone 
Cowboy fronted by Webb 
Pierce, Lonzo & Oscar’s place and soon will be 
H ank 
W illiam s J r . ’s 
“ C ountry G odfather’’ restaurant, Jerry Reed’s 
Palace Dinner Club and 
Boots Randolph’s “ Ya- kety Sax” Club. 

The last two listed rates as “ swank . . . 
Randolph has some of his own money invested in his d in n e r club. The other are only allowing their names to be used — for a price (percentage of the profits, etc.) 

“ Luckenbach, Texas” by Waylon Jennings is going to be one of the 

 biggest country music hits of the spring season, and Chips Moman, who wrote the ballad, is hav­ ing a lot of fun answering the question, 
“ Why 
Luckenbach. Texas?" 

Moman’s latest stock reason: 
“ I selected 
Luckenbach for the title in memory of Sebastian 
Bach — — a cousin of 
Lucken Bach.” 

Speaking of 
Je rry 
Reed (as we are some­ where else in this co­ lum n). his 17-year-old daughter Seidina Reed appeared on stage with him last week at the 
Plantation Dinner Club in St. Louis. (She’ll be w orking with him fre­ quently this summer) . . 
. The Country Music As­ sociation’s Hall of Fame 
(on Music Row) now in­ cludes a “ solid gold” 
Cadillac donated by El­ vis Presley. (And just when Presidnent Carter suggested that people beware of the guzzlers). . 

G eorge Jones face­ tiously announced the other day that he was going to get m arried again. The news leaked out and George by way of rebuttal said: “ I was kidding. I told som e buddies I was going to marry a girl in Florence, 
Ala. next weekend. I am not.” 

It is no secret that the 
“ Friends” on the Duane 
Eddy & Friends’ record­ ing of “ You Are My 
S u n sh in e” are W illie 
Nelson and Waylon Jen­ nings. (Jim m ie Davis, who wrote the evergreen, surely ain’t one of 'em). 

Texas State ArtsCCrafts 
On the grounds of 
Schreiner College sjDCraf 
QFair 

K E R R V I L L E . 
TE K A S 

LEARNER’S 
PAVILION 
• 
FREE MUSIC 

TRADITIONAL 
TEXAS COOKING 

See over 2oo of Texas’ finest artists and craftspersons show and dem onstrate skills in: 
• PAINTING • NEEDLEWORK • 
BATIK • JEWELRY • GRAPHICS • 
LAPIDARY • LEATHER • STAINED 
GLASS • POTTERY • SCULPTURE • 
MACRAME • WOODWORK. 

HOURS: Saturday and Sunday 
1o:oo AM to 8:oo PM 
Monday 1o:oo AM to 6:oo PM 
ADMISSION: Adults $2.oo Children 5oc 

For Free Brochures B y Return Moil Write: 
C H A M B E R O F C O M M E R C E , B O X 79o, K E R R V I L L E , T«. 78o28 

• TWO SIZZLER j STEAK DNNERS *4.99 
■ 

This steak is so fendet end satisfying we gave it our nome. 
Mow you get two Sillier plotters with your choice of baked potato tx french fries and Sidler toast 
■ 

Broadway at Loop 41o 
14o2 S.W. Military Dr. 
1 

462o Broadway 
Vance Jackson at Loop 41o 
Hwy. 9o W. at Military Or. 
I 

SUN.-THURS. 11 A.M. - 9 P.M. 
FRI. A SAT. 11 A.M. - IO P.M. 
JJ^LAST DAT: THURS. 5-19-77 t*-N) 

PAGE 2o 
EXPRESS-NEWS SUNDAY MAGAZINE— M ay 15, 1977 

MERLE HAGGARD 

P rank Sinatra Jr. here for recording session told his p ro d u cer 
Billy 
Strange: “ I hope you are not expecting me to sound as fine as Dad.” 
. . . Dolly Parton’s cur­ rent publicity push is on par with that of 
Farrah-Fawcett Majors. 
A major weekly m agazine d isp atch ed some of its bounty new- shunters to Nashville in an attempt to find — and photograph — Dolly’s husband, Carl Dean, an asphalt paving contrac­ tor. 

Dean is almost as in­ visible as the late 
. Howard Hughes was in his no-access days. He’s yet to be found. . . . 
‘ Meanwhile Dolly’s show on tour includes an e ig h t-m em ber band, which she calls “ Gypsy 
Fever.” The reason for the name: “ I’m a rest- 
. less blooded person. I like to be on the move.” 

M ickey 
N ew bury, asked if he considered 
; himself a rock-country 
; artist, replied: “ Hardly. 
• I’m what you might call 
‘pebble-country — a little rock and a whole lot country." 

A quarter-horse named 
“ Love,” owned by songstress Jeannie Seely gave birth to a little hor­ sey. Jeannie christened the new com er, “ Jessi 
Colt,” a tag inspired by 
Jeannie’s current single record, 
“ W e’re Still 
Hanging in There, Jes- si.” (A song about Jessie 
Colter — or Mrs. Waylon 
Jennings, if you prefer.) 

Roy Rogers, here to record with wife Dale 
Evans, said: “ They are saying things in movies nowadays that I wouldn’t want m y la te horse 
Trigger to listen to in the old days.” 

 busy In Music City 

The ra th e r unhappy news to their friends is that Lynn Anderson and her husband songwriter- publisher Glenn Sutton are experiencing marital problems. 

When asked if a d i­ vorce was in the offing, 
Sutton replied: ‘i ll dis­ cuss my business with reporters, but my only comment about my pri­ vate and m arried life is 
‘No com m ent.’” . . . Lynn reportedly is on a West 
Coast tour. 

(Sutton d id n ’t deny that he and his wife are candidates for a divorce case). 

NASHVILLE. Tenn. - 
Merle Haggard has been 
, spending quite a bit of time recently in Nash­ ville and som ebody asked why he didn t move here from his pre­ sent hom e in B ak ers­ field. 
C alif. 
“ I v e thought about it many tim es,” he replied, ‘‘but the thought didn’t last long.” . .. The divorce of 
H aggard and singer- writer Bonnie Owens is not yet final. M erle’s t currently courting singer 
Leona Williams. Ile also remains a “ good friend” of Bonnie Owens and she occasionally sin g s on some of his road shows. 
(Only in M usic City, 
U.S.A.?) 

Nashville Sound 

By REO o DONNELL 

Symphony Box Office 
223-5591 

 magazine 

Woy lf, 1977 

W'H '>'t: 
I ' S 

. - 

PLOT AGAINST 
CARTER COMES TRUE 
-net 12 

Twiggy goes pop and gets lauds in London 

YOU remember her as that chestless, wide­ eyed fashion freak of the 6os, Twiggy. Hold on. The Cockney waif is fashioning a new ca­ reer as a pop singer, vamped up by 16 needed pounds and a surprising voice that got lauds in London. Said The Twig, 27: “It’ll take a few years to lose my old image completely 
I'm still looking for an identifiable sound and style, but that will only come with time.” If her try at pop flops, Twiggy ala) has a new career as a wife on the horizon. She will soon marry American actor Michael Whitney. 

SAYINGS 
OF THE 
WEEK ... 

• SUSAN GEORGE, English actress: “My relationships are like marriages — I become very loyal, totally involved. In fact, I have been to bed with oily four mal in my life.” 
• TOMMY LASORDA, man­ ager of the Los Angeles Dodg­ ers: “When you are a Dodger, you are part of the family. I never wanted to be anything but a Dodger. There are four things I love: God, country, family and the Dodgers.” 
• DALE 
EVANS, talking about her husband Roy Rog­ ers: “In horse vernacular, Roy has always given me my head and I have tried to do the same for him.” 
• E. HOWARD HUNT, con­ victed Watergate burglar: “No ow is entitled to the truth.” 
• TALIA SHIRE, actress, talking about her director-hus- band Francis Ford Coppola: 
“If Francis needed a kidney 
I*d gladly give him mine — even if oik wasn’t working too well. To Francis, love and family come before every­ thing.” 
• ELTON JOHN, pop star, after a conversation with Brit­ ain’s 
Princess 
Alexandra: 
“She asked if I used cocaine. I couldn’t believe it. Of course, when I recovered, I told her that I don’t take cocaine before 
I go (Hi stage — which is the truth.” 
• VALERIE 
PERRINE, sexy, 
33-year-old actress: 
“Women don’t hit their sexual peak until their mid-3os, which is terrific when you remember guys start going downhill at 
18.” 
• ALEX HALEY, author of 
Roots. “My book is obviously great. No bad book does as well as mine has. Roots ranks with the Bible and Homer’s Il­ iad and Odyssey.” 

Sophia, Grace, Monty Hall... is it a deal? 

THE party was a gossipers delight: $3,ooo-a- plate, beautiful people wall-to-wall, Henry 
Kissinger holding court, Princess Caroline of 
Monaco arriving with Prince Charles of Great 
Britain. In the center of the chic clique, So­ 

 phia Loren (left photo) and Grace Kelly 
(center photo) showed they could trade juicy stories with the best of them. Were the world­ famous mommas talking about Grace’s Caro­ line being escorted by Britain’s Charles? So- 
Live long with music 

DURING his recent 
95th birthday party, American conductor Leopold 
Stokowski noted he still had five years left on his recording contract. 
What keeps the cherubic maestro on the podium at his age? Said 
London-born 
Leopold: “It is the music, the music. 
Brahms — he has been in the grave a very long time. But his music lives. 
That is why I am here today.” 

Vidal Sassoon discovers refereeing soccer can be a hairy job 

Turn to the Classified ’section and check over the large selection of good buys right now. 

Express/News 
Classified Ads 

PHONE 
225-1666 

VIDAL SASSOON no longer cuts hair himself. That’s a franchise operation now, which gives him more time for his other loves: family and soccer. Vidal helped or­ ganize the Beverly Hills Soccer League and regularly referees matches. His seven- year-old sot, Elan (at Vidal’s right in photo above) is a star for the Los Angeles 
Suns team. Vidal the referee says his only problems come from parents: “Twice 
I’ve had to stop parents from fighting. It’s* extraordinary how they get carried away.” 

DURING his recent California vacation, Can­ adian Prime Minister Pierre Trudeau, 58, vis­ ited Berkeley University, where he and for­ mer California governor Edmund Brown received honorary doctorates. Pierre has a wistful stare at the ceremony because: (a) 
His honorary degree leaves him in awe; (b) 
He would like to know where his wife, Mar­ garet is, what she is doing, and who she is doing it with; (c) He is envious thinking about the tranquil bachelor life of Edmund's son, 
Jerry, present governor of California; (d) All of the above. Said Pierre: “No comment.” 

ROBERT MAPPLETHORPE 

.. .or just a little family gossip between two glamorous mommas? j A jex change 
‘didnt help | 

Uhs outlaw 

 phia and Grace would not say. Monty Hall (at center in right photo), who rose to stardom by hob-nobbing with greedy weirdos on Let’s 
Make A Deal, did his own share of chit-chat­ ting, but would not reveal the table’s whis­ 

 pered conversations. Monty, president of the 
International Variety Club that put on the posh party, would only report: “ The diner could not have been more successful. It was an evening of a lifetime. I don’t think I’ve ev- 
Issac Hayes’ golden Caddy sold 

LIFE is easier when you’ve got friends. Rebecca Fraser, 19, is an ex­ ample. The daughter of Sir Hugh Fraser and Lady Antonia Fraser (who lives with playwright Harold Pinter now) recently came to New York, where she stayed with family friend Jacqueline Onassis. Jackie o made phone calls. Rebecca visited top photographers. And when the smoke cleared, Rebecca was on the covers of two national magazines. 
What next? Said Rebecca: “ I’m going back to London for more model­ ing, and then I hope to come back here and steal jobs from Americans.” 
Ruth faces challenge 
RUTH Carter 
Stapleton, 47, has written two books, but it may be a while before we see her third. That book is tentatively titled 
My Brother Billy. 
Said Ruth: “ I went home to Plains and interviewed him. It was hilarious. I ended up with two hours of tape and not a word I could out intp print . ” j r. £, 

NO, a gold-plated Cadillac is not what surplus store owner Bennie La- zarov of Memphis, Tenn., had always dreamed of owning. In fact, Ben­ nie had never dreamed of owning one until he and son David attended the bankruptcy auction of Academy Award-winning musician Issac 
Hayes. On a “ spur-of-the-moment” bid of $13,75o, Bennie picked up the gaudy gas guzzler. Said Bennie: “ I was so happy when my bid won. 
I don’t know Issac Hayes, but he is a Memphis star and I think his car ought to be around.” Bennie, who owns another Caddy he drives to work, says fat offers for the gilded lizzie are already pouring in. 
Net love is lasting 
WHEN Rumanian tennis star Mariana 
Simionescu, 2o, moved into tennis star Bjom Borg’s ritzy condo in 
Hilton Head, S.C., a year ago, skeptics snickered ana bet on the days until 
Borg, 2o, moved to another conquest. It hasn't happened. 
The two are still lovey, dovey, raising racquets for the 
Cleveland Nets of 
World Team 
Tennis. At a match in New York, Borg said: “ Mariana understands me better than anyone else. She knows who I am and accepts me.” Said 
Mariana: “ He’s everything I’ve ever dreamed of in a man." 

BEFORE Jerry Dean Michael had a sex change operation, po­ lice said he constantly ran afoul of the law. And now, as a woman, it seems Jerry's troubles are con­ tinuing to mount. 
Jerry' Dean, who now goes by the name of Geraldine Elizabeth 

 er enjoyed myself more.” For more photos of the Monte Carlo bash, and a report on how 
European society reacted to the hottest gossip item to come out of it, the Prince Caroline 
Prince Charles romance rumors, see Page ll. 

Geraldine Cannier 
She’s still lawless. 
Carmichael, was recently convict­ ed on an auto swindling charge in 
Los Angeles. 
She was ordered to serve a two to 2o year prison term in the Cali­ fornia Institution for Men at Chino and fined $3o,ooo for selling inves­ tors on a dream car of the future. 
Criminal charges were filed against her after she sold stock in the Twentieth Century Motor Car 
Co. and produced a car she said would get 7o miles per gallon of gas and cost less than $2,ooo. 
But the car didn’t work. 
Police said Jerry Dean was in- i volved in the same sort of schemes as a man. 

U.S. company makes cars attack-proof 

A United States firm is being flooded with orders from fright­ ened car owners who want their vehicles turned into small tanks. 
The Tetradyne Corporation of, 
Texas charges up to $3o,ooo to make cars attack-proof, and in the last two years it has sold 8o of the vehicles and order books are. bulging. 

Clients are mainly wealthy 
South and Central Americans alarmed by recent waves of ter­ rorism and kidnapping. 

Tetradyne’s vice-president Fred 
Mueller said the firm starts with a stock car, such as the Ford 
LTD. 

We generally line the body with two-inch thick armor” , said 
Mueller. “ We also replace the windows and so on, installing two- inch thick bullet-proof glass. 

“ We can also install built-in fire-extinguishing systems.” 

Other items available to the car consumers include reinforced bumpers for breaking through road blocks, self-sealing tires which can survive bullet hits and sirens. 

A MACE dispenser can blast out a cloud on either side of the car and every vehicle comes equipped .with «• hinged shotgun ports. 

/ 
//J 

\ 

Air Step casual shoes in your choice of 

 two perforated styles 

With our all leather perforated pump or sandal by 
Air Step, you can walk in air-cooled comfort all day long! And the casual styling looks perfect with all your warm weather fashions! Top; low heeled sandal with stylized T-strap vamp and buckled strap, 23.oo. 
Classic pump with solid heel and front tab trim over instep, 22.oo. Sizes 6V2-IO N, 5-1o M; 6-9 W, in white or bone. Women's Shoes, Downtown, North Star, 
Windsor Park, Austin. Charge your choice! 

A UNIT OF ALLIED STOBES 

JC S * 

D I A L 
2 2 7 - 4 2 1 1 
TO M O RRO W AND 
ORDER BY PHONE! 
We'll charge it to your lo sk e 's account! TO 
C A L L J O S K E ' S 
TOLL F R E E , if you live within a 6o-mile radius of San Antonio, dial Operator and ask for Enterprise 9951. 

SHOP ALL STORES IO 'TIL 9 MONDAY! 

The athletic-look sweatshirt! 

Cowl neck blouson 
15oo 
Soft, lightweight polyester-cotton blouson has a single warmer pocket and fashion drawstring waist. Yellow, green, white, blue or red, S,M,L. By Joanna for Plaza Sportswear, Downtown, North 
Star, Windsor Park, Austin. Charge it! 

IU A UNIT OF ALLIED STORES 

Soft, hooded 'sweatshirt' 
17oo 
Placket front, hooded style top has convenient kangaroo pockets. 
Yellow, green, white, blue or red, S,M,L. By Joanna for Pi .za 
Sportswear, Downtown, North Star, Windsor Park, Austin. Use your Joske's charge or American Express card! 

SHOP ALL STORES IO TIL 9 MONDAY! 

STAR LETTERS • STAR LETTERS • STAR LETTERS • STAR LETTERS 

She mas one jump ahead 
MY little daughter came home from school all excited. A beauti­ ful white rabbit named Snowball, used in my daughter’s nature study class, was to be given away in a drawing. To take part in the drawing, each child had to bring a note from home saying their parents would let them keep the animal, if they won. 
The thought of another pet to cope with unnerved me, but I ra­ tionalized that the chances of los­ ing were rather good, with 28 oth­ ers in the class, so I gave her the note. 
The next afternoon 
Colleen rushed into the house and wildly announced that 
Snowball was hers. “You mean that out of the whole class, you won the bunny?” 
I asked overwhelmed. 
“Well, not exactly,” she an­ swered, “I was the only one with a note.” — Shirley E. Sump, Clay 
Center, Kansas. 
Ijove talking 

A FEW days after my grand­ daughter started kindergarten, 

 in bunny contest 

THE INCREDIBLE 
T H IN G S KIDS S A Y she told her mother that a boy in her class liked her. Her mother asked: “How do you know he likes you?” “ He talked to me,” she answered. 
And when her mother asked her what the boy said, she replied: 
“He told me to quit following him.” — Marcella Sutton, Powell, 
Tenn. 
Classy roots 

OUR children attended a public school rich with children from dif­ ferent ethnic backgrounds. To add to their sense of American histo­ ry, they were permitted to watch 
Roots on TV. 
One evening after viewing, our six-year-old son made this knowl­ edgeable summary proudly: 
“Mommy, I have a lot of ‘roots’ 
PLEASE PRAY FOR 

MY FATHER . . . so he won’t drink so much because I’m afraid my mom and dad will end up in divorce court. — Elena, Texas. 
MYSELF . . . that I get over deep depression and be a happier person. 
— Name Withheld, Kansas City, Kansas. 
MYSELF . . . that I never have a relapse into mental illness again. 
— Name Withheld, Reading, Pa. 
MY SISTER, PEGGY . . . that the tumor in her leg will be eliminated by cobalt treatments. — Shirely Hutto, Tallulah, La. 
OUR DAUGHTER, BILLIE-JO . . . that she will come to understand why her 16-year-old brother died of Rey’s Syndrome, a rare disease that affects only children. — Her Parents, Louisville, Ky. 
AND all the Star readers who asked for prayers. 

 in my class.” — R. Chin, Jamai­ ca, N.Y. 
Thumbs up 

ONE day a friend of my son came to visit and immediately my four- year-old granddaughter climbed on his lap and they started talk­ ing. He asked her how old she was and she proceeded to hold up four fingers, then said: "I’m four, and when my thumb gets up, ITI be five.” — Margie Barker, Mc­ 
Crary, Ark. 
Going ape 

MY three-year-old daughter, Lor- rie, watching King Kong, wanted to assure herself that he wasn’t really a monster. She said: “I know he’s just a little monkey who always took his vitamins.” — 
Mrs. Marrow McNeely, Big San­ dy, Tenn. 
Jump up 

WHILE watching the 
Bionic 
Woman jump from a third story window, my grandson looked at me and said: “What’s so tough about jumping down?” — John J. 
Launch, Cleveland, Ohio. 

FOR YOUR 
LETTERS 
WE PAV' $5 for each letter print­ ed. Address your letters to which ever section you are writing to: 
Things Kids Say. Please Pray For, or simply, Liveliest Letters, fol­ lowed by The San Antonio Star, 
P.O. Box 2171, San Antonio, Texas, 
78297. 

AN ODD thought just struck me: Why is it nearly always 
MEN who see UFOS? I know there are exceptions — for in­ stance, at least two married couples say they were abduct­ ed by aliens from another world. 
But rarely does a woman on her own report seeing a UFO. It’s usually policemen, fishermen, workmen, pilots (male) and men generally. 
Is it because women are more practical . . . because they don’t exaggerate so much . . . because 
UFOs prey on the more gullible sex (men) . . . or because women are afraid of the ridicule that tends to accompany a UFO sight­ ing? — Jean Hartz, West New 
York. N.J. 
AN intriguing point. We would like to hear from women readers on the subject. What’s your theo­ ry? And if you’ve seen a UFO, tell us about it. Write: UFO Spotters, 
The Star, 73o Third Avenue, New 
York, N.Y. 1oo17. 
Quincy 

I WAS an avid fan of TV's McMil­ lan, then of McCloud, then of Col­ umbo. I still like them all. But I think for sheer, exciting detective work, with a ring of authenticity, 
Quincy beats them ail. Jack Klug- man is superb in this series. It’s my number one TV show —Roy 
Willock, Memphis, Tenn. 
Goofs of year 

WE ASKED have you ever pulled the Goof-of-the Year? Here’s a se­ lection of your letters. 
I DESERVED the goof-of-the- 

THE SLINKY one-piece swimsuit will be popular on beaches this sum­ mer according to beachwear manufacturers — and judging by this new season model they are going to be head-turning affairs. Called Diva, it features a second skin halter neck with cross back closing and is made by Sea Fashions of California. 

Are UFO crews just a bunch of male chauvinists? scrubbed that bird inside and out. 
Can you imagine my embar­ rassment when I started carving that turkey — bubbles of soap started floating out . . . EVERY- 
WIiERE! — Mrs. Larry Bahr, 
Lincoln, Neb. 

I’M a police officer, and in the middle of the night, I was called on special duty. I jumped out of bed, fumbled in the dresser for underwear, dressed as auickly as 
I possibly could and rushed off to work. 

 crown. Little did I know it would develop into the goof-of-the-year. 
My son brought my trophies to school and retold the story of my knockouts. One of his classmates said: “My dad can beat your dad.” 
At the next P.T.A. meeting, I found out that the little boy was so right. His dad was Muhammad 
Alii —D. Barr, Wynnewood, Pa. 
Sleepy thoughts 

WHEN I settle myself to sleep at night, I try to sum up the day’s events, all the happy things, what 
I did, saw or heard that lifted my heart, so that I may go to sleep with a smile on my face. 
Yesterday, for instance, I asked 

 a lonely old lady to come and have lunch with me. I put a flow­ er on her plate and a pretty nap kin. Such a little thing, but recall­ ing her happiness that night, was all I needed to put that smile on my face. 
This morning I found a lovely bouquet at my door. I knew who had put it there. A little note said: 
“May your day be lovely.” 
Sometimes, the things that hap­ pen bring pleasure not just for the day but tor years. So all I ask, please God, let me be able to do something for someone, and re­ live my memories . . . each night. — Jane Coyer, Clearwater, 
Fla. 

What do you think of as yon slip off to sleep? Tell as about it. $5 for every letter printed. W rite: 
NIGHT THOUGHTS, The San An­ tonio Star, P.O. Box 2171, San An­ tonio, Texas, 78297. 

Jack Klugman: See Quincy. 

 year award because I painted our shower with water-base paint. Of course I had to christen it, and guess who got white-washed? Me. 
— Dottie M. Watkins, Pine Hill, 
N.Y. 

I EARNED the goof-of-the-year award when I was 19 and cooked my first turkey for Thanksgiving dinner for my husband’s family. 
The directions on the turkey’s wrapper said to wash it carefully. 
So I tilled the sink with plenty of water and liquid detergent and scrubbed that bird inside and out. 
I filled the sink with plenty of water and liquid detergent and 

As I was changing into my uni­ form at the station, fellow officers started howling with laughter. I look around to see what was so funny, then suddenly I looked down at myself . . . disaster! 
In reaching for underwear in the dresser I bad pulled out a pair of my wife’s panties that sne’d mixed in with my shorts. 
Imagine, a police officer in women’s panties! I’m still trying to live this one down. — G.S., 
New York. 

IN MY younger days I was a semi-pro boxer. I was retelling the story of my bouts to my six- year-old son and the story sound­ ed more and more like I was a contender for the middleweight 

THE SAN ANTONIO STAR— May IS, 1977 
PAGE 7 
............ ■ 
— ..- ....... ■ i 

* 

★ 

1 ★ 

★ 

★ 

¥ 

¥ 

¥ 

¥ 

¥ 

¥ 

¥ 

¥ 

¥ 

¥ 

¥ 

¥ 

¥ 

THE STAR'S special panel of psychia­ trists continue their fascinating analysis of sex appeal— why some people have it and others don’t. And they explore the important effects sex appeal has upon everyone's life. The panel is: Dr. Daniel 
Casriel, psychiatric director of the Cas­ hel Institute of Group Dynamics in New 
York City; Dr. Anthony Pietropinto, di­ rector of the Mental Health Lutheran 
Medical Center in Brooklyn, N.Y.; and 
Dr. Elayn Kahn, director of the New 
York Center for Sexual and Marital 
Guidance, Inc. 

By DORIS WALFIELD 

TO PROJECT sex appeal, you’ve got to have a positive attitude about yourself and be confident and self-assured. 
Physical appearance is unimportant. 
Many men and women who are extremely good looking do not have sex appeal while lots of other less attractive people just radiate the mystifying quality. 
Dr. Daniel Casriel says. “ Sex appeal is a quality of emotional freedom a person has which says: 
‘I feel free to be me. I’m free to show my feelings and needs. 
“The person with sex appeal conveys a feeling that says, Tm in control of me, I'm in control of my body.’ 
“ Basically sex appeal is a per­ son’s feeling of being free enough to say, ‘I exist, I’m vibrant, I'm not afraid, I’m not ashamed and 
I don’t feel guilty.' 
“Sex appeal doesn t mean just being appealing to one sexually. 
That’s only part of it. People with sex appeal radiate a certain feel­ ing ot sensuality. There is a warmth about them. They seem capable of giving a lot of tender­ ness in a relationship. 
“Sex appeal is seen in a per­ son’s whole demeanor. Usually their shoulders are back and they look you in the eye. They have a confidence about themselves and show you they feel comfortable. 
“There is no question in their mind that they are a source of pleasure and an object of love. 
“ Frequently, people don’t have sex appeal because they're overly critical of themselves. 
“But people with sex appeal have a positive attitude about themselves. 
It really doesnt make much difference now physi­ cally attractive they are. 
“ People can usually see the emotionality of someone who turns them on. It s that individ­ ual's emotional freedom they are attracted to, not their physical attributes." 
Dr. Anthony Pietropinto says: 
“Sex appeal is a quality that a person of the opposite sex has that gets your romantic fantasies going. 
“The person with sex appeal is the type of individual you would daydream about. 
Ifs different from just looking at the person as a desirable sex­ ual partner. 
“ People are also attracted to those who seem self-assured and have inner strength—this is part of sex appeal. 
“ Everyone has the idea that they are, to some extent, alone in the world. But if you have some­ body who you feel cares for you, and this person shows a certain amount of strength, this is your defense. You’re not alone any­ more. You have a partner, an 

Who! it is-and test to find o how much of it you have 

SEX APPEAL means different things to different people. To some, the movie photo of Raquel Welch on the right would be considered the epitome of sex appeal. 
As a pinup, it has been rated compara­ ble to the famous shot of Marilyn Monroe standing over a street grille in The Seven 
Year Itch. 
But Dr. Anthony Pietropinto, one of the psychiatric panel set up by THE 
STAR to analyze sex appeal, says Ra­ quel Welch exudes far more of this elusive quality in real life. 
“The kind of movie roles she is often given are so remote and unreal that they make her appear artificial. And there’s no sex appeal in artificiality. 
“ But seeing her as a real person—cm 
TV talk shows, for instance—there is a real openness and warmth about her." And that, says the doctor, is where her sex appeal really shows. 
TV is a better vehicle to display sex appeal than movies, says Dr. Pietro­ pinto, because a star’s movie exposure rn a whole year may add up to only a few hours—and that is not really enough time to develop sex appeal. 
Stars appearing weekly in TV se­ ries, like Cnarlie’s Angels, are able to show more dimensions of their charac­ ter, and therefore are better able to reveal their sex appeal. 

Raquei has more oomph when she’s off-screen 

 they are a little inadequate in a love relationship, perhaps a little insecure in the bedroom. But if they can feel ‘Boy my partner will know what to do,’ it’s very reassuring. 
“What most inhibits sex appeal is feeling self-conscious, feeling timid, feeling awkward. The more insecure people feel about them­ selves, the less they are going to be able to radiate sex appeal.” 
Dr. Elayne Kahn says: “ People with sex appeal impress you as soon as you meet them. You get the idea they are in touch with their feelings, and that they like who they are. 
“Individuals with sex appeal are aware of their sexuality and feel good about it. This is protect­ ed to otheis. A lot of people don’t have it. They feel ashamed or embarrassed. 
“This is not to say that one al­ ways has the fantasy of going to bed with a person who has sex ap­ 

 peal. Yet, that is often what we mean when we talk about some­ one having sex appeal. 
“Although ifs not physical good looks that makes sex appeal, pe- ple who have sex appeal feel they are attractive and they project that to others. 
“In fact, many very attractive men and women are not involved in relationships. Usually they are dosed off. That’s one of the most important things that makes peo­ ple lack sex appeal. What puts forth sex appeal is a kind of a willingness to share oneself. 
“ Having sex appeal doesn't necessarily indicate a person has an unusual amount of sexual ap­ petite or experience, though. 
“Then too, being sexy is not al­ ways sex appeal. Wearing a low cut dress may make others aware of your sexual apparatus, but it doesn’t project sex appeal. 
“ Real sex appeal hows from within. You can’t fake it." 

 ally. Also, people sometimes feel 
TEST YOUR SEX APPEAL i 
’ 
ON THE NEXT PA GE , 

TEST YOUR SEX APPEAL 

TAKE tho test In the panel at right atter reading whs* our psychiatric experts have to say about sex appeal on the preceding page. Then, follow the directions in the pane! to help you compute your sex ap* peal score. Below we n e you what each score means. But don’t read this until you've tak­ en the test. 
WOMEN 
A. 
Your sex appeal is very “femi- 
?ry “ nine.’’ That is to say: soft, sweet, warm. You are a good listener— not because it’s a good technique, but because you are usually inter­ ested in what your male compan­ ion has to say. Although you may not admit it, you are in love with love. And you almost always are quietly trying to attract men. You have no desire to compete with men. You will get along best with men of the AB and A groups. 
B. 
You are the modem version of the huntress. You go after what—and whom—you want. You have small patience with coauetry and other feminine wiles. You are straight­ forward in your sex appeal. You rebel against the double standard and are repelled by the old idea that a woman’s place is in the home. 
Your dominance may scare off a good many men, but you’ll dismiss them as Milque­ toasts. With a B partner you may have a love-match—or a sparring- match. You get along well with a man from the AB group. 
C. 
Your head usually rules your heart—so your sex appeal is nev­ er of the passionate, spontaneous sort. You are cool and detached. 
And you are extremely discrimi­ nating in your choice of men—in fact, mighty hard to please. You are capable of sustaining a rela­ tionship which has no sexual over­ tones at all. But, also, you are capable of leading a poet fellow on—and then side-stepping him at the crucial moment. You are most compatible with partners of the C and BC groups 
AB. 
Your love life is h^rd to discern. 
Sometimes you’re shy as a violet; sometimes you’re bold as an 
Amazon. We cannot tell which as­ pect is out in the open and which is hidden underneath Or maybe you change facades just as fre­ quently as you change frocks. 
Men of the C group will find you 

 tf yon don’t 
«fort, db you 

FOR WOMEN 

It a m a la taking pm la a 
~ 
Bktt Mn ftg euggeal wtrffli ptclwv 

I fM M accnrtug ie tsS if rn - tm alonm rn boma? 
• KMM aa# MMWASW# l f l i t laina U|U| 

 ly m m w ; 

 row nm m • 

 a MCbariao of M onte itiiim von 
UMM Rho m H mm rm irfhanS U poWKtcfei 

 f * te|te| 

CPJf IPHI HOHlHvjf IwSNHaHo Ha 

I Oa yoa fry to d m • 
Uteri gour 'krtMKte 4te? 
Aal aal 

 safe tm **aor 

FOR MEN 
O 
I. Do you habitually light tho cigarette of yow lady comport***?? 
’■* 
— - good et remembering a. 
Are you 

X lf someone takes violent exception to fomenting you cay, do you rtptematteal- m HVOKI Hit argument? 
I with a fra cell 

 deBatete #u% a^uou2#u#u end 

 woine» weak? cavy fer power over men. 

 tv do you 

 you 'And A helpful to eek friends for advice? 
6. is boasting extremely cMatesteful to you? 

o 
1. Dc you Mke to be chairmen of rn com­ mittee? 
%. Are you tough about righting for your own right*? 
X Oo you feel tart that you’ll advance 
In your work during the next two years? 
4, Do you strive herd to win et card triMteg to tabs charge ctg charity tarter a r f A program? 
JI 
: tut -AMA## f- ^ J-. 

4. lf yen m*ml^uuiaoli ju iS»c aumMSOO OF^^SKluM^suaH^^uoFO? your women frtendo s ills turn to toy advice? 

?. Do you hate to w a 
C f strife* 
2. Do you uauetfy prater a aecial of four ta a party of 12 or mara? 
5. Are you catan offcut of . 
4. On a isw^upook erulea apouid you foeuMridMM wk ddaaukk makAKJ^se due# 
WW vfVWKKJjJ Ht 
4 H y H J K H ft w fem aA g^l ae 
MMfeMolteur mifrLaur dWAWW M H . A IJteJdleHW rf ■. a f f e p i petite!acquafnrtani' r? 
8. Oo you hoop your amatorio wed un- 

 gemeaor aporia? 
5 Would you bo pie a sad H your compa­ ny or your club gave rn banquet In your honor aa ’’mort value fete man of the 
*? 
Do you usually win an argument? 

1. Do you dteMkn men whom you’ve just mm to emit you by your first name? a, Would you Mw to spend a week an* 
Hrety alone In a comfortable cabin in the wood*? 
3. Would you rather be your own boat end earn what you now make than to work for a b g, successful company at one-third more money? 
4. Do you think that most women greatly over-rate “love”? 
5. Do you have some difficulty making 
**|aM talk with strangers at a forge par­ 

 s'. When you have an important busi- 
■ ^ 
. 
«» 
« . . 
**** cBacussfon coming up, do you plan friends? w women out your approach with precision? 
OMECTIOMI: Add up tho mantber of “yos*»” In ouch mtpmatim 9*oo9 of quests ne (A, 3, and C). 
CvodR yearned for —eh group on which you aconKl four or more “yea’s.” (For instance lf you 
■flowered “yen’* to six questions in group A, to three in rn. and to four In C. your acore la AC.) 
Now rend Ho analyofci of your score hi the erffete id felt. 

 a ah yen exvematy cbwow 
’ ruttam to to u r n la u 
. ;PVfUPU^W ™ UT t o r :, .WWPmSrW- >;^SWS(PRI^WF‘ 

■Rrrel Ffywi: He tee had atrwjg sex appeal, as his aaavtes still shew, Most mea w d f Uke ta be as attractive to women 

 caffling. With A or B men, you’ll get along best. You and your op­ posite number, AB, are an utterly unpredictable combination. 
AC. 
Your ideas are romantic, but your actions have a touch of caution in t em. You are potentially loving, af -etiolate, intimate—but you don’t entirely trust these warmer impulses and often stop to figure things out. When a man gives you the rush, you tend to retreat. You 
Uke a slower, safer approach. 
CITY’S HAK = OR CHEAPER 
LAWYERS HITS A SNAG 
A CITY'S lawyers are offering a unique insurance plan to provide less expensive legal services to the public — but no one wants it. 
“Lawyers are like undertakers in the eyes of the public — no one wants them until it s too late,’’ said Murry Wooley, secretary of Equal 
Justice Inc., a non-profit organization set up by the Chicago Bar 
Association. Recently. 8oo employees of a suburban hospital were invit ed to a meeting to discuss the plan, but only 2o showed up. i m ■■■■... 
Equal Justice is aimed at mid­ dle income persons who often avoid lawyers. Like most group insurance plans, participants p^y into Equal Justice on a regular basis and are entitled to legal counsel when problems arise. 
Each participant is entitled to an annual “legal checkup’’ in which he spends an hour with a lawyer, discussing any legal prob­ lems he may have. 
The best part of the program is that each participant has access to a wide variety of experts, said 
Patrick 
Reilly, president of 

Equity Inc. 
“You wouldn’t be restricted to a single all-purpose lawyer for your problems,” he told THE 
STAR. “An expert in almost any type of litigation would be avail­ able, ranging from real estate to traffic charges.” 
Reilly is certain the plan will eventually be a success: “Legal insurance is here to stay. It’s just a matter of proper promotion. 
Most people think they don’t need a lawyer, even if they’re facing IO years in prison.” 

You are sensitive, perceptive— and you are quick to spot a false emotion. You fit best with A, AC and BC partners. 
BC. 
Your sex appeal is assertive, ex­ citing— but not always dependa­ ble. You are capable of giving a man a big rush and then handing him the bum’s rush. Your ene­ mies may call you fickle; your admirers think you’re “discrim­ inating.” You enjoy the chase, but you seldom lose your head—or your heart. You are attracted to 
C men, but find smoother sailing with BC and AB men. 
ABC or No Letter. 
We cannot fathom you. Look over your replies once more to see if you’ve answered as carefully and correctly as you can. 

A. 
Your sex appeal is the quieter kind. The ladies look upon you as a “good fellow.” You are easy to be with, pleasant to talk to, and safe. Although you may some­ times envy your more dashing and assertive rivals, still your own relationships with women may be more lasting and more in­ timate than theirs. No girl is like­ ly to fall for you cm first sight. 
You will be attracted to a partner in the B group, and you’ll proba­ bly make out all right with AB and BC women. 
B. 
You are active and assertive in your relations with women. You usually know whom you want—at any particular time—and you set 

 out to win her. Sometimes you may even be a bit brash. Some­ times it seems that you are more interested in the chase than in the woman you are after. Since you are very confident, to fail in a conquest makes you thoroughly— but temporarily—miserable. 
A woman in the C group would be too elusive to suit you. With a B you might have an exciting, but never quiet, relation. You are well matched with an AB woman. 
C. 
You are not the impulsive, dash- type of lover. Rather, you are im and controlled. You are very observants-and likely to look a long time before you leap. Also, the standards by which you judge the ladies are very high. You are capable of an intellectual relation­ ship or a sexual relationship; but a full, intimate, affectionate union is difficult for you to choose. 
You get along best with women of the BC or C groups. 
AB. 
The course of your love life will be erratic. This is because you are changeable—sometimes as­ sertive, dominating, demanding; at other times, uncertain, needing reassurance and support. Thus, you may pursue a lady like a lion and then, on catching her, turn in­ to a lamb. Or vice versa. With A 

 or B ladies you’ll fare favorably. 
Your relation with an AB will always be lively, sometimes love­ ly- 
AC. 
Although you are inclined to be affectionate and intimate, you tend to distrust these warmer im­ pulses. Thus, you sometimes rush warmly into a relationship, then suddenly withdraw to think it over. Despite this slight in-again- out-again tendency, you are a good friend. You have that rare quality—tile capacity to accept a woman as your equal. You’ll get along fine with A, AC and, espe­ cially, BC women. 
BC. 
You are bold in your sex appeal— but you always keep an eye on your impulses. You seldom lose yourself—for more than an hour— m heedless passion. You are dis­ criminating, hard to hold, but when you Find someone who suits your high standards, you can set­ tle down. You like ladies of the B and C categories, but you hit it off most successfully with BC and AB women. 
ABC or No Letter. 
Either you are an enigma or else you haven’t answered the ques­ tions with candor. Re-examine your replies to see if you’ve told the truth. 

NEXT WEEK: How to get sex appeal - and use it 

THE CARS of the 198os will be radically dif­ ferent from what most Americans drive to­ day — no matter what happens to President 
Carter’s plans to tax gas-guzzlers. 
And they won’t be powered by steam or the ain — they’ll just be smaller. 
These authoritative but unofficial sketches shown here, of 198o General Motors compacts, show how far the down-sizing trend is going. 
The new compacts, dubbed “X-body” cars by 
GM engineers, will replace the 3,4oo-pound Chev- TK_ t m t a i N n v n 
R u ir k S lr v ta r t anrl OIH«jmnhilt» H m o . 
P~ of-the-line 

 r cars will it as a 1977 

SULTRY Ann-Margaret vamps it ap far husband and tautness manager 
Roger Smith after the actress-singer weal on a shopping spree along 
New York’s fashionable Fifth A venae. She spent hoars trying o b sexy outfits with Roger waiting patiently, and then snapped ap four dresses, two snits, nine Mouses, two belts and two pairs ©if shoes. The bill — 
$2,988. But hubby Roger didn’t mind. In fact, he told the shop assistant that he wanted her to buy more. 

 relet Nova, Buick Skylark and Oldsmobile Ome ga. 
But the 2,5oo-pound, five-passe be about the same size and wei 
Chevy Monza or Pontiac Sunbird. 
Even more spectacular shrinks are in the works. For instance, the 1983 Cadillac DeVUle will weigh only as much as the 1977 
Chevy Camaro. 
This sort of wizardly' is being made possible by engineering de­ signs like front-wheel-drive. Front drive places all engine ami drive- train parts ahead of the passenger compartment — leaving more room for people. 
Among all American cars, only the Cadillac Eldorado and Olds 
Toronado are now driven by their front wheels. 
These X-body cars will be GM’s new entries then, joining three front drive small cars from 
Chrysler and Ford. 
Next January, Chrysler is ex­ pected to introduce its U.S.-built 
Plymouth Horizon and Dodge Om­ ega. The four-door subcompacts, expected to weigh around 2,45o pounds, are expected to show a family resemblance to the Sim ca, built by Chrysler s French subsid­ iary. 
Abo arriving during the 1978 

Chevrolet 
X-car, the 
Councoars. 

By CHARLES BROWN 

 model year will be the new Ford 
Fiesta, already selling well in Eu­ rope. it weighs in at 1,775 pounds 
— even less than the Chevy Chev- ette. 
Still unknown is what sort of mileage ratings these new cars will get in U.S. Environmental 
Protection Agency (EPA) tests. 
But federal law requires every automaker’s 198o fleet to average 
2o mpg. In 1985, that average must be 27.5 mpg. 
GM provided a glimpse at the future when it filed documents with the U.S. Department of 
Transportation outlining its plans to meet government mileage re­ quirements. 
Here are some changes the country’s No. I auto­ maker expects to see in cars of the ‘8os: o Improved radial tires will mean four percent better mileage for most 1985 tires. The tires will be made to closer tolerances — meaning they’ll be more round 

 and offer less rolling resistance. 
® Meeting the 1985 mileage requirement will mean cars that can barely get out of their own way. None will get from a stand­ ing stop to 6o mph in less than 15 seconds, and most will average 18 or 19 seconds 
• GM’s full-sized cars will get trimmed again for the 1983 model year. Another 7oo pounds will be sliced away. o Within IO years GM expects more efficient automatic trans­ missions, power steering pumps and air conditioning units to save gas. 

US SAYS SORRY TO WOMAN BRANDO) NAZI 

(argaret Wunderle: “I feel like a log has rolled off my back.” 

A WOMAN who was branded a 
Nazi spy 36 years ago has now been told by the U.S. government: 
‘‘Sorry, we made a mistake.” 
This week, 8o-year-old Margaret 
Wunderle told TOE STAR: ‘‘I feel so relieved. It feels like a log has been rolled off my back.” 
For Miss Wunderle, it was the end of a nightmare during which she was turned down for job after job because of the Nazi tag. 
Her ordeal began on May 29, 
1941, when she was fired from her job as a senior telephone operator in the Philadelphia Navy Yard. 
The Navy told her she had been reliably reported to be a Nazi sympathizer and her continued 

 employment at the yard would not be in the interest of national secu­ rity. They also charged her with visiting Germany to maintain 
‘‘contact with the country.” 
A tearful Miss Wunderle, who was bom in the U.S. of immigrant 
German parents, tried to tell the 
Navy she had never been ont of the country in her life. No one listened. When she tried for work at the Philadelphia stock ex­ change she was told shfc would have to vindicate herself before anyone would employ her. She pe­ titioned congressmen, senators and presidents. 
Miss Wunderle, of Sherman 
Street, Germantown, hired four lawyers whose services were inef­ 

 fectual, and mortgaged her home. 
Finally, a Mailgram to then 
President - elect Jimmy Carter brought hope. 
An aide to the Assistant Secre­ tary of the Navy, Joseph T. Mc 
Mullen, Sr. assured her the case was under review. 
Then last month Secretary Mc 
Mullen sent Miss Wunderle a let­ ter telling her that her dismissal in 1941 was improper. 
A Pentagon spokesman said: 
“He sincerely regrets that this in­ justice has remained for so many years and is pleased to initiate a favorable action on her behalf.” 
The “favorable action” will be in the form of compensation. 

Homes of the future will *run by computer’ 

THE housewife of the future will be doing her home planning with her own computer, according to university technologists. 
Microcomputers costing from 
$5oo to $2,ooo will be mass-pro­ duced just for use in household planning, says Professor Bertram 
Bussell of 
UCLA’s computer science laboratories. 
The tiny computers, linked to television sets, will help plan a full year’s household budget, sup­ ply information on individual nu­ trition needs and supermarket specials, and collate facts and fig­ ures for income tax preparation. 
Do-it-yourself dressmakers will be able to log in their measure­ ments and in return get a display of fashion patterns, in the appro­ priate sizes, on their screen, ac­ cording to Prof. Bussell. 
He cautioned that microcompu­ ters are still a few years away, but added: “Even now, it is sim­ pler to put together a microcom­ puter than a fem radio.” 

Ann-Margret’s the star- of big shopping spree 

GM presents the amazing 
‘shrinking’ cars America will be driving in 198os 

An artist’s conception of the cars of the future (as seen in Motor Trend, 
May 1977): Above, a trimmed down version of Pontiac’s Ventura-Phoe- nix line. Right, a youth-oriented Chevy Nova for 1988. 

PAGE YO 
TH I SA N A N T O N IO STAR— M a y 15, 1977 
THI SA N A N T O N IO STA R— M a y I 5, 1977 
PAGE 11 mmmmm mm mmmmm --■■■------------------- 
—..r— ..........— 
T- - jWWfc 
So you think you know all about dieting 

 ly LOIS LINDAUER of Diet Workshop 
KADING your letters, I find you saying 
By 
READING your letters, I find you saying again and again: “I want to diet. I want to lose weight, but I don’t have any will­ power.” 
I-et me be the first to declare that I don’t, either. 
I once kept an emergency supply of peanut butter sandwiches in my lingerie drawer. Other women relied on sachet but I wafted the appealing scent of Skippy behind me. 
How did I — with so little will­ power that I hid food in secret spots throughout the house and car so I would never suffer a mo­ ment’s hunger — finally put all that behind me and lose weight? 
How do I keep from reverting to my old, ingrained habits? 
My willpower is no stronger to­ day than then. Just watch me as 
I walk past a tray of jewelry! Ifs not will power that brought me to success, ifs deciding what is im­ portant and what is not. 
AU of us make statements about our values, but we don’t always live up to them. Once I asked an audience of travel editors to stand if they thought smoking was bad for their health. Everyone stood. 
Then I asked those who didn’t smoke to sit. The majority re­ mained standing. 
So it goes with many of the val­ ue statements we make. We state one value and live by another. 
Come the day I valued losing weight more than eating brown­ ies, my diet began. 
Maybe you are doing the same 

A QUIZ TO 
GIVE YOU 
FOOD FOR 
THOUGHT 

 as I was doing—acting contrary to what you believe. Take a moment to find out. Answer Yes or No to the following questions. 
Beneath, I’ve given some poin­ ters on bringing what you believe into line with what you do. 
I. It’s okay to substitute a high calorie snack, like a doughnut, for lunch because the total calories are the same and I need the lift. 
2. One fast, lasting way to diet is to drink liquid meals. „ 
3. I obtain a great deal of nutri­ tion information from advertising. 
4. Restaurant food is always fattening. 
5. A fat child is a healthy child. 
6. I always clean my plate be­ cause ifs immoral not to, in a world of starving people. 
7. Eating in a rush keeps you thin because the food doesn’t hang around that long when your sys­ tem is in high gear. 
8. Whole milk is the best way to obtain complete nutrition. 
9. The joy of a vacation are the extra large meals. 
1o. To be satisfying, a meal must have meat and potatoes, vegetables, and a sweet dessert. 
FIND OUT THE TRUTH 

ARE you surprised that all of the answers should be No? 
1. High calorie snacks give a false lift. When that sugar hits the bloodstream, of course you get a high. Then comes the crash. You are hungry much quicker after such a annot than you would be if you took the time to eat a proper lunch. Your energy level will then rise in an even curve. 
2. Drinking your meals may be a fast way to lose weight, but it won’t last. The day comes when your teeth demand exercise. Once you’re back to solid foods, you’ll return to the same pattern be­ cause you haven’t learned to break it. 
3. The best place to obtain nutri­ tion information is from a good book or from the many excellent federal government pamphlets. 
Don’t be taken in by the advertis­ ing the food companies feed you. 
4. Restaurant food is like any other food; some is fattening and some is not. Focus your eating- out enjoyment on not having to do the dishes or preparation. That’s more than equal to the delight of the food for me. 
5. A fat child is an UNhealthy child, says Dr. Alvin Eden, who wrote Growing Up Thin. Dr. Etten cites case and verse about the dangers of fat to a child’s health. 
Fat children are more prone to respiratory disease. They have more accidents. Stop to ask if you find it easier to keep your child 

 heavy because you want to stay that way. 

6. A few years ago, I surveyed more than 6oo women who had tost weight and remained thin for over two years. Nearly 8o percent responded that as children they had been urged to clean their plates because children were starving m Italy, Germany, Ar­ menia, China—you name it. If we 
ALL ate less and bought less, maybe we’d free production for use elsewhere. 

7. Eating quickly is a way to de­ ceive yourself about how much you have eaten. Gulping and gal­ loping excuses large bites. Large bites equal large meals. Large meals equal large people. 
8. Once the human is past infan­ cy, whole milk is no longer neces­ sary. Skim milk, without all the butterfat, is best for just about ev­ ery family member. 
9. The toy of being utterly goal­ less for days on end is the great of vacation time. Think about being out of the everyday rut; forget food. 
IO. The better the nutritional balance, the better satisfied your body will be. Nutritional balance comes from a protein and car­ bohydrate at each meal, plus vegetable, fruit, and perhaps milk. Protein and carbohydrate - aren’t only meat and potatoes. 
Find out about lower calorie proteins and carbohydrates. 

So you think you know all about babies 

PEOPLE have dozens of miscon­ ceptions about pregnancy and babies. Despite today’s advanced medical knowledge, many moth­ ers and mothers-to-be still believe in old wives’ tales that have been handed down from generation to generation. 
To see if you know the differ­ ence between Tact and fiction, an­ swer "true” or "false” to these six statements. Then check below to see if you were correct. 
I: The heartburn many women suffer during pregnancy seems to be caused by hormones. 

2: When an infant smiles, it is generally due to gas bubbles. 
3: Young mothers are more likely to have twins than are older women. 
4: Girl babies may generally weigh less, but they are better coordinated and brighter than boys. 
5: Women who have had Rh ba­ bies may now be helped by a vac­ cine that prevents this dangerous blood disorder of the newborn. 
6: Some physicians suspect that sex during pregnancy may harm the unborn child. 
HOW DID YOU SCORE? 

1. TRUE. Dr. J. F. Lind of Winnipeg General Hospital, Canada, says hormones affect certain muscles, possibly including the one be­ tween the stomach to the esophagus. Should this muscle fail to close properly after a pregnant woman has eaten, some of her stomach con­ tents can rise into the esophagus, causing distressing heartburn. 
2. FALSE. There is no evidence that gas causes babies to smile, ac­ cording to Dr. R. N. Emde, of the University of Colorado. Neither is the phenomenon due to the kitchy-koo of adoring adults, he said. The smiles almost always come when baby gets drowsy. 
3. TRUE. A study by the National Office of Vital Statistics shows that the probability of a woman’s delivering twins increases to age 35, then declines. Also, the m<>re babies she’s had, the more likely she is to bear twins. But multiple births generally are declining in number and the percentage of twins today is notably lower than it was years back. 
4. TRUE. Studies at New York University and Children’s Hospital of 
Buffalo, N Y., indicated that while infant boys may weigh more, they suffer more abnormalities and fall short of baby girls in their mental, social, emotional and nervous development. This difference in I.Q. fades by the age of four. 
5. FALSE. Mothers of Rh babies, having already become sensitized to the Rh antigen, have developed antibodies to it and cannot be helped by vaccine However, it will protect those Rh negative women — how­ ever many normal children they may have had — who are not yet sen­ sitized to their husbands’ Rh factor. 
6. TRUE. Some scientists suspect that if the mother’s blood vessels become engorged as they may during intercourse, the supply of oxygen to her fetus may be interrupted. Tfas can lead to mental retardation and other serious defects in the baby. 
Snoring fells doctors about 

RESEARCHERS say that people reveal a lot about their personali­ ties by the way they . . . snore. 
No two people snore the same way, but there are particular snoring types, according to Ger­ man scientist Dr. Fritz Held. 
• The Leonine Snorer makes noises like a caged lion in a zoo. 
This means, he is the "suppressed aggressive type. He is quite timid and quiet in his waking hours but makes up for it by doing truculent snores when asleep, said Dr. 
Held 
• 
The 
Soft-Purring 
Snorer makes a noise like a contented cat. The person who snores like this must have a happy domestic life, according to Dr. Held. 
• The Harmonic Snorer sounds off with sweet cadences and ele­ gant pauses, which shows that re­ gardless of his mundane day-to- day existence, he’s really rather artistic. 
Dr Edmond Seiler of Edinburgh said that a really loud snorer can have a damaging effect on a mar­ riage. "Remember that a snore can register between 4o and 69 de­ cibels . . . and a pneumatic drill emits between 7o and 9o deci­ bels,” he said. 
In many states, ifs possible to get a divorce if one partner’s 

 the real you 

 snoring disturbs the sleep of the other, but in most other countries however, the snoring of a mar­ riage partner is accepted as just one of the things that have to be tolerated. 
There-are more than 3oo anti- snoring gadgets available in the 
U.S., ranging from complicated machines that measure the noise and wake up the sleeper, to sim­ ple objects that have to be sewn on the pajamas to make the snor­ er turn over, and stop him sleep­ ing on his back. 
A home-made solution is to sew a large button onto the pajamas, or, for particularly insensitive backs, a nair-brush. 
Doctors say that snoring is usually caused by catarrh or some throat or adenoid difficulty. 
These can be treated by a doctor but there is still no real cure for the problem. 
Dr. Seiler believes that a gener­ al improvement in health often helps the snorer. He suggests cut­ ting out smoking cigarettes, look­ ing after the general health, re­ ducing any overweight and getting to bed earlier. 

Fatty’s best friend is her dog 

Dog trainer Robert Outman and Patty Hearst stop to rest their dogs during a stroll around his obedience school recently. 
Arrow, trained to guard the heiress, goes to her heart 

Arrow is tne center ot attention as tnese Rids gather around to pat him. They are, from left Jennifer 
Outman, 7} Kelly Nelson, 4; and Matthew Outman, ll. That’s Patty in the rear. 

Patty is all smiles when she’s with her tion for a humane society. 
A 
TWO-YEAR-OLD 
German 
Shepherd has been 
Patty 
Hearst’s closest friend—and guard — during her five-month release from prison. 
The dog, named Arrow, was origi­ nally obtained to protect the convict­ ed bank robber. But, in fact, he be­ came Patty’s only real companion. 
Despite her freedom, the newspa­ per heiress found herself cut off from the outside world—deserted by some friends, actually hated by oth­ ers. Robert Outman, president of the obedience school where Arrow was trained, told THE STAR: “Patty seems to be happiest when she is around dogs. 
She has made excel­ lent progress with Arrow and has es* 

By JOHN HISCOCK 

 canine friend, Arrow. The dog recently participated in a benefit demonstra- 
Patty was barred from attending because of the security risk. 
Outman. He recently staged a chari­ ty demonstration at his school and 
Patty was one of the first to offer the services of herself and her dog. 
“She badly wanted to come,” Out­ man said. “ But I advised her not to. 
We did not know who would be com­ ing so, because of the security risk, 
I thought it would be wise for her not to attend. 

 tablished a first-class rapport with the dog.” 
She took Arrow regularly to the school, Prion Training Specialists of 
San Carlos, Calif., to learn how to handle the dog. 
Outman and his children soon be­ came very friendly with Patty. 
“We all like her a lot,” said Out­ man, a 33-year-old former deputy sheriff. “She is a very pleasant per­ son and loves dogs.” 
The pride of Outman’s training school is his own dog Prince, a for­ mer police dog now used for demon­ stration. “Patty, Arrow and Prince get along famously together,” said 

“She agreed but insisted that Ar- 
,row take part. So I went to see her and picked up Arrow and brought him back for the day. 
“We had a wonderful time playing frisbee with the children. Patty was very disappointed that she could not come. But she saw the wisdom of it.” 

Jeane Dixon's forecast of plot lo oust Carter is now coming true 

By CHRISTINA KIRK 

PSYCHIC Jeane Dixon, who recently predicted exclusively in 
THE STAR that Democratic party leaders would soon begin plotting to oust President Carter, is seeing her bold forecast come true. 
The first rumblings of a Democratic party revolt against the Presi dent are being felt in the halls of Congress today. A full scale political war is expected to erupt by late fall. 
Carter aide Patrick H. Caddell. in a secret memo to the President released last week, warned of the same dangers that the psychic foretold. 
Mrs. Dixon predicted in Hie 
May 3 issue of THE STAR that 
“The Democratic leadership of 
Congress is planning to do unto the White House staff as the Geor­ gia gentry have done unto Con­ gress. 
“Secret meetings will soon be held by prominent Democrats to plan the removal (rf President 
Carter from the White House, not by impeachment, but by replacing him with another nominee in 
198o.” 
According to Roger Langley, 
THE STAR’S Washington corre­ spondent, that plotting has al­ ready begun. Major battle lines are being drawn over the Presi dent's energy package, the econo­ my, the federal budget and taxes. 
Sen. 
Edmund 
Muskie 
(D- 
Maine), has already announced that the administration has creat­ ed a “crisis in confidence.” 
And Teddy Kennedy, who has kept a deliberately low profile in recent months, has a plan to sud­ denly burst forth in a media blitz that will portray him as a knight in shining armor. 
His vehicle for public attention will be a health care bill that will give something to everyone. 
While Carter is embroiled in front page fights to raise taxes, cut gasoline consumption and oth­ er unpopular proposals, Teddy will unveil the comprehensive plan. 
Mrs. Dixon earlier predicted just such a showdown. 
She told THE STAR: “As they used to say in the old Western movies — Washington, D.C. will not be big enough for both Teddy and Jimmy.” Bid Carter has oth­ 

 er Democratic party rivals on 
Capitol Hill. 
House Speaker Thomas “Tip” 
O’Neill (D-Mass ) has never for­ given the President for naming a 
Republican as his first appoint­ ment from Massachusetts. And 
Carter later delivered O’Neill another slap in the face by an­ nouncing he would visit the state but stay in the home of one of the 
Speaker's bitter political rivals. 
Carter has also offended Con­ gressman Al Ullman, chairman of the House Ways And Means Com­ mittee. Ullman was a strong sup­ porter of Carter’s $5o tax rebate plan. But the President ultimately pulled the rug out from under him by announcing that the rebate plan was dead. 
Sen. Muskie was also caught flat-footed by the President’s plan to drop the rebate. He was furious when a White House flunky called him an hour before the Presi­ dent's announcement to tell him the plan was being ditched. Cart­ er never even bothered to inform 
Ullman. 
Meanwhile, Carter is likely to draw additional fire from such powerful Democratic senators as 
Russell 
Long, 
Henry 
“Scoop” 

Jeaoe Dixon: Predicted Democrats would more to dump Carter. 

Jackson and William Proxmire over his energy proposals. 
“By this time next year,” re­ ported Mrs. Dixon, “Insiders in the Democratic party will be quietly choosing up sides for the big showdown in 198o.” 
Similar warnings were echoed in the secret memo written by 
Carter’s own aide Caddell. He ad­ vised the President that his quick rise from relative obscurity to the 
White House “is by its very na­ ture a direct threat to the style and experience of the men who make up the leadership of the 
Congress. While they intend to cooperate they are anxious to be independent.’’ 
Caddell also warned that a group including Sens. Gary W. 
Hart, Joe Biden Jr. and Dick 
Clark “may want to exercise their right to challenge Carter quickly . . . if not handled proper­ ly ” 
Liberals like 
Kennedy, Sen. 
George McGovern, and Rep. Mor­ ris K. Udall, wrote Caddell, see 
“little risk in challenging an in­ cumbent President” and feel an 
“overwhelming desire to do so. 
“There are always rumblings from Sen. Kennedy—f that he senses 
Carter.” 

 edy—privately— problems with 
Bubble gum firm raps 
‘dirty tricks 

A DELIBERATE attempt was made by rival companies to burst the sales bubble of America’s leading brand of bubblegum, it was claimed this week. 
Life Savers, Inc., suspects a 
“dirty tricks” campaign was launched to discredit their new, top-selling gum. Bubble Yum. 
Earlier this year rumors swept 

 the playgrounds of America that the gum contained spider eggs, rat hairs and cancer-causing in­ gredients. 
The company had to counter-at­ tack with a costly advertising blitz to convince children ami par­ ents that their product was safe and that there was no basis to the 

SUPERSTAR Elvis Presley is going through a nightmare year. 
Fat, 42, and plagued by ill health, he has been forced to can­ cel a tour for the first time in his life.But his greatest crisis is a mass defection of the most loyal 
“ secret society” in the entertain­ ment world—his Memphis Mafia. 
Suddenly the glittering Presley image is collapsing like a house of cards. Stories have leaked that his vanity convinced him to have a facelift, and an epidemic of bi­ zarre behavior has triggered rages where he indisciminately 
Masts off girns from an arsenal of weapons 
No less than Five of his former close associates are writing man­ uscripts about the pop idol. What 

 they say will shock fans who be­ lieve Presley is a simple, highly talented entertainer. 
First assault on the Presley pal­ ace came in June last year when he fired his schoolboy buddy Red 
West. West had been his confi­ dante and bodyguard for 22 years. 
His cousin Sonny West and Dave 
Hebler, also bodyguards, were fired, too. 
They soon announced that they would write a book tentatively en­ titled 
Elvis—What 
Happened? 
Some people say its revelations are the most fascinating ever written about the ‘King.’ Then his one-time secretary Becky Yancey said she, too, was writing a book about te r experiences with him. 
Then Presley was hit by a se­ ries of illnesses. 
He was forced to cancel a 

 week long lucrative gig starting at Louisiana State University. 
But the worst blow was yet to come. The Nashville Banner re­ ported that Presley’s guru, Col. 
Tom Parker, wanted to sell his in­ terest in Presley. 
Parker denied it but the news­ paper quoting reliable sources, re­ fused to retract the story. 
Days later, the Memphis Com­ mercial Appeal said that his road manager Joe Esposito, his person­ al physician, Dr. George Nicko- poulos and a business associate, 
Mike Mc Mahon, were suing Pres­ ley for $15o,ooo. 
The suit, officially filed in 
Memphis by Center Courts Inc., alleged that Presley backed out of a contract to provide funds for a racquet ball court complex. 

Jackpot! Rock Hudson strikes it rich in V 

LADY LUCK smiled on actor Rock Hudson just a few days after he learned that his popular TV series McMillan had been canceled by 
MBC. Rock, who’d been at a party in Las Vegas, decided to play the fruit machines at the airport while waiting for his plane . . . and he flit the jackpot first time around. As he scooped up his winnings, all in nickels, the shy star refused to say bow much he’d won. “ PH count it on the plane,” he said. 

 rumors. 
Life Saver executive Norman 
Ritter told THE STAR. “Given the facts, one would have to say that a dirty trick campaign by a competitor is a possible explana­ tion.” 

 r n 

? 

Elvis: He is plagued by*ll-heaith. | 

The schoolyard rumors broke out at the same time, February and March of this year, in locales throughout the country. 
It was also the same time that 
Bubble Yum became the biggest- selling gum in the country. 
Life Savers hired a team of pri­ vate investigators to try to track down the rumors, but found noth­ ing. 
The confection industry is one of the most competitive and se­ cretive in the country. Tom Te- gen, vice president of Fleer Corp, which makes Double Bubble said: 
“The confection industry abounds in rumors." 

IHE SA N A N T O N IO STAR— M a y I 5, I 977 
PAGE I 3 
— . 
.... 
. 
. ... i— 
— 

*He is still ambitious for a destiny* 

 the word “that” and stress under 
“voluntary impeachment” show that Nixon did not believe what he said. 
“He knew that the resignation was forced on him because the al­ ternative might have been worse,” Tomlin said. 
Nixon also blatantly lied when he was questioned by Frost about the missing 18'/2 minutes on the tape of his conversation with H K. 
“ Bob” Haldeman. 
Frost asked: “What did Halde­ man tell you during that 18*£ min­ ute gap?” 
Nixon replied: 
“Haldeman’s notes are the only recollection I had of what he told me . . . I have no recollection of the conversation except that.” 
There is stress shown under 
“notes” “no recollection” and 
“conversation,” showing that Nix­ on was lying — that he did in fact remember what was said. 
Tomlin said: “The conversation may not have been too prominent in his memory, but it is clear from the voice graphs that he remembers what was said and that his memory has certainly been refreshed.” 
He lied again, said Tomlin when referring to Gordon Liddy’s involvement in Watergate. 
Nixon told Frost: “ I learned in that period (June 2o, 1973) about the possibility of Liddy’s involve­ ment.” 
Stress under the first five words showed that Nixon certainly knew about Liddy s involvement before that. 
Nixon’s belief that the Water­ gate affair was not his fault but the result of bad advice from oth­ ers is repeated when he told 
Frost: “ It snowballed. It’s my fault. I’m not blaming anybody else.” 
Tomlin said: 
“The general stress level indicates that he is prepared and willing to accept the blame but still feels in his own mind that others contributed to the chain of events, and he was not personally to blame. 
“Although many of the things 
Nixon said during the interview were true, the stress factors also indicate that some of his state­ ments were deliberate lies and others were attempts at decep­ tion. 
“It is very clear that Nixon cer­ tainly does not believe his politi­ cal life is over. He is convinced that he had a part — possibly an important part — to play in af­ fairs of office.” did: P a g e 14 

Voice test shows ex-President lied 

P s y c h o a n a ly s t ’s v e rd ic t— an d w h at Pat 

Voice test expert Joseph Tomlin studies the latest Nixon tapes — showing he lied yet again. 

Abnormally heavy stress under 

Nixon TV show reveals he plans a comeback 
- says lie-test expert 

By JOHN HISCOCK 

Tomlin, a former World War II espionage agent and now a civil and criminal investigator, contin­ ued: “The tests show that he is still deceitful and is still not tell­ ing the whole truth. 

“When one compares the heavy stress on his statement that he will never again serve in an offi­ cial position with the total lack of stress on his hope that he may be able to give a little advice from time to time, it is obvious that he firmly hopes and believes he will become some sort of official ad­ visor — possibly on foreign af­ fairs.” 
Nixon also lied, says Tomlin, when he denied attempting to cov­ er up the Watergate affair. 
The Psychological Stress Eval­ uator that Tomlin uses detects, measures and displays on graphs the elements of stress in the hu­ man voice. 
Stress is induced by fear, guilt, anxiety or conflict, and the PSE helps detect attempts at decep­ tion. 
It is now used by law enforce­ ment agencies throughout the 
United States as a type of lie de­ tector test, and has been accepted as evidence in several states. 
Tomlin, who has been using the device since 1971, carried out lengthy tests on tape recordings of the interview. 
Tomlin, of Monterey, Calif., is a former chairman of the Re­ search and Validation Committee of the International Society of 
Stress Analysts, a licensed pri­ vate investigator, and a lecturer on audio stress analysis. 
The FBI called him in to ana­ lyze tape recordings made by the terrorists who kidnaped Patty 
Hearst. 
After scrutinizing his recordings 

Nixon spoke on Watergate. He told Frost: “A reasonable person could call it a cover-up. I didn’t think of it as a cover-up. I didn’t intend it to cover up.” 
There was no stress on the first sentence, but considerable em­ phasis on the words “cover-up” and “intend” in the second and third sentences. 
“He was talking baloney,” said 
Tomlin. “The voice patterns show he knew very well it was a cover­ up.” 
Referring to his resignation, 
Nixon said: “The whole thing would have gone away. Clemency was wrong.” 
In fact, the stress on the words 
“gone” and “wrong” show that 
Nixon did not believe clemency would have been wrong — he just realized that it would not work. 
Nixon also told Frost: “I have impeached myself by resigning. 
That was a voluntary impeach­ ment.” 

DETAILED voice analysis tests reveal Richard Nixon still firm ly believes he has a pail to play in shaping Am eri­ ca's future. 
The tests show Nixon lied when he told David Frost and a vast TV audience that he believed his po­ litical career is over. 
This amazing revelation by voice analyst Joseph Tomlin, Jr., who carried out extensive psy­ chological stress evaluation tests for THE STAR, is backed by re­ nowned psychoanalyst Dr. David 
Abrahamsen, who also studied 
Nixon on TV’. 
Abrahamsen, who made an ex­ tensive probe into the ex-Presi- dent’s mental make-up in his book, Nixon vs. Nixon, says Nix­ on’s TV behavior shows he is hun­ gry for a political comeback, and believes he can restore himself to power. 
“He is still ambitious for a des­ tiny,” says Abrahamsen (see sto­ ry on next page). 
Voice analyst Joseph Tomlin, 
Jr., said: “Many of Mr. Nixon’s answers showed a high degree of stress.” 

Above and right — 
“Heavy stress when 
Nixon said political life is over showed he does not believe it.” 
Stress continued when he added: 
“ (I will never yet, never again.) have an oppor­ tunity to serve (in any official position).” 

 of the Nixon interview, Tomlin told THE STAR: 
“The graphs show that although he was on the defensive at times, 
Mr. Nixon was confident, self-as­ sured and not uptight.” 
“Although he may have been a little nervous, he was in com­ mand of himself at all times. 
“The heavy stress shown when 
Nixon said ‘My political life is over’ showed clearly that he does not believe that for a minute. He may even have a particular office in mind for himself. 
“An interesting fact turned up by the tests is that the PSE indi­ cates Nixon may possibly have had a crime other than the obstruction of justice in mind when he denied he had committed an impeachable offense,” he said. 
Nixon told the 45 million view­ ers: “I did not, uh, in the first place, uh, commit a . . . the crime of obstruction of justice because I did not have the motive required for the commission of that crime. 

Tomlin said: “The abnormal stress indicated that saying that was a very traumatic experience for him. He obviously does not really believe that he personally let the American people down. 
“Possibly he believes he was given wrong advice.” 

The strongest stress and evi­ dence of deception occurred when 

“ I did not commit, in my view, an impeachable offense.” 
Stress factors on the two sen­ tences are so different that Tom­ lin believes Nixon may have been referring to another crime alto­ gether. 
“The lack of stress on the first sentence and the very heavy stress on the second make it very likely he is thinking of something else entirely,” he said. 
And when Nixon confessed “I let the American people down, I have to carry the burden with me the rest of my life,” he did not be­ lieve it. 

Above and right — 
Nixon said: “ I did not commit a crime, an impeachable of­ fense.” Tomlin com­ mented: “Nixon may have had a crime oth­ er than the obstruc­ tion of justice in mind.” 

Psychoanalyst agrees: Nixon really 

By BARRIE WATTS 
RICHARD NIXON is hungry for a political comeback and believes ne can restore himself to power, said renowned psychoanalyst 
Dr. David Abrahamsen, after studying the ex-President’s TV in­ terviews with David Frost. 
‘•Nixon is trying to test the wa­ ter to see if he can reinstate his political influence,” Dr. Abra­ hamsen told THE STAR. 
“That’s why he subjected him­ self to this public scrutiny on tele­ vision. The $1 million he is being paid for it is not his main motive. 
“Nixon’s performance reveals he cannot believe lur, political life is over. 
“He is still ambitious for a des­ tiny, he still hopes for an influen­ tial role — even openly stating he thinks he can at least be a states­ man advisor. 
“Already he has called Presi­ dent Carter to offer advice.” 
Dr. Abrahamsen is the author of Nixon Vs. Nixon, An Emotional 
Tragedy. The controversial book examines Nixon’s mental makeup 

 plotting to return 

 and character flaws as reflected in his handling of the Watergate crisis. 
THE STAR asked the Norwegi­ an-born psychoanalyst, who prac­ tices in New York, to assess Nix­ on’s television behavior and diagnose his mental condition. 
“His performance is highly in­ dicative of a very distorted per­ sonality,” Dr. Abrahamsen said in his exclusive report. 
“Such a man is either psychotic or has a severe character disor­ der. In Nixon’s case I don’t think he is a psychotic, but he is a fan­ tastic case story — a terribly sad figure. 
“In discussing his Watergate in­ volvement, he was concerned only with what he alone had suffered. 
“There was no mention of his wife, his family, his friends and what he had put them through. He sees things only in terms or him­ 

 self. And he revealed both sadistic and masochistic tendencies, such as in his ‘I impeached myself statement about nis resignation. 
“He showed that in his mind he was his own executioner and a martyr at the same time. 
“Other statements demonstrat­ ed pure grandiosity —- his self-pi­ tying and self-aggrandising talk about unfinished vital work with 
China and the Soviet Union, for instance, and his ‘dream’ of bringing about world peace. 
“He made no concession about morality in his Watergate cover­ up, only a legalistic concept of in­ nocence. He pleaded that legally lie was ‘not guilty of crime,’ a very narrow interpretation. 
“This is a person who has not learned anything — or very little 
— about himself as a result of that great crisis of behavior. 
His own mother has said that 
DOUG MCCIURE CAN’T ESCAPE COWBOY 
IMAGE HE 
HAD ON TV him. I don’t care if 

MILLIONS of fans still think of Doug McClure as Trampas, even though its teen years since he played that role on the TV series The 
Virginian. 
“I still get fan mail from all over the world addressed to Trampas, 
McClure said. “Trampas was a good character and I enjoyed playing tnat’s what people call me.” 
But since The Virginian went off the air, McClure has kept busy with lots of other projects. 
He recently starred in the TV adaptation of Alex Haley’s Roots where he got himself killed by 
Tom the Blacksmith after raping 
Tom’s wife. He is at present in 
England filming The People That 
Time Forgot. 
“The Virginian certainly lasted longer than anything else I’ve done,” he said. “But I’ve had 21 years of steady work. 
“I figure you’ve got to be realis­ tic about it. When people see you on that little box, they know you. 
“If they throw tomatoes at you, that’s no good. But if they don’t 
Doug McClure: Fan mail addressed to Trampas. still 

 throw tomatoes and smile, then you just smile back. 
“I love the recognition. But when fans actually walk into your house to ask for an autograph it’s kind of unnerving. And that has happened to me.” 
McClure has started his own production company and he hopes to make a movie called Buckaroo based on his own experiences as a cowboy. 
He lives in Pebble Beach, Cal­ if., with his fourth wife, Diane, who is half American Indian, their five-year-old daughter, Val­ erie, and his daughter by his first marriage, Tane, 18. 
ST ARSCOPE ★ S T ARSCOPE ★ S T ARSCOPE I 

K 'J | 
ARIKS: 
March 
21 to April 19 
YOUR love life is in high gear. Enjoy this heady time. Speak out and be heard by prominent peo­ ple. Your mind is clear but Sunday and Monday are emotional days. 

TOH 
TAURUS: April 
IlljgJ 
2o to May 2o 
YOUR zodiac birthday present is a nice windfall on Thursday. Keep a packed weekend bag ready for spontaneous getaways. Sunday and 
Monday find you preoc­ cupied with friends. 

E S I 
GEMINI: 
May k W 
21 to June 21 
SOCIAL life is terrific, 
Expect to be welcomed into a bright new crowd. 
Thursday is super for you. New starts that turn dreams into realities can be made now. Get going with it. 

IWP! 
CANCER: June 
IM ] 
22 to July 22 
NEW career opportuni­ ties are coming but there may be strings attached. 
Let love take second place while bringing off a job coup. Annoyances make you moody Sunday and Monday. 

P J 
LHO: July 23 to bm 
August 22 
YOUR usual confidence is even stronger now. 
There are travel plans. 
Career areas may be dis­ ruptive. Watch how you handle arguments on 
Sunday ana Monday as they can escalate. 

I l l 
VIRGO: August yJr . 
23 to Sept 22 
KINDNESS pays divi­ dends. You may get an unexpected legacy or tax refund. Don’t create cris­ es Sunday and Monday when goals are in sight for you to grab and get quickly. 

R A 
LIBRA: Septem- ber 23 to Oct 23 
VENUS and Mars help you balance delicate love scales. Thursday favors travel but Monday could nix travel plans. Trauma 
Sunday may render you exhausted from frustra­ tion and indecision. 

 gag* SCORPIO: Octo­ p i ] ber 24 to Nov 22 
TALK things over and listen to advice. You are a bit bewildered and un- : sure, especially Sunday and Monday. You could sabotage a relationship with snappish and sar­ castic impatience. 

■TO 
SAGITTARIUS 
BMI ^ °v 23 to Dec 21 
THIS is not a good time for major decisions. 
Love is bountiful with adventures all month, j 
There could be friction over money Sunday and I upsets in travel plans 
Monday. 

CAPRICORN: gk>£ Dec 22 to Jan 19 
USUAL reserve gives way to tenderness as sun shines on romance. Ve­ nus and Mars can cause breakdown in communi­ cations as harsh reality and romantic fantasies conflict Sunday and Mon­ day. 

P O I 
AQUARIUS: y j g Jan 2o to Urb 18 
YOU are extra sensi- ti\'e Sunday and Monday and there could be tense­ ness with mate. Be choo­ sy about whom you trust and what you confide. 
Someone may spread gossip about you. 

 f l P 
PISCES: 
M ^Ffh. 19 to March 2o 
MAKING money is your strong point now. 
But Venus and Mars en­ courage extravagance and, financial folly. 
Loved ones upset you 
Sunday. 

LAURIE BRADY 

 even as a boy, Nixon was a fixed personality. She said she never knew a boy who changed so little. 
He has always reacted the same narrow way.” 
Dr, Abrahamsen said Nixon’s concept of truth is “really distort­ ed,^” and he has “screwed-up” concepts of right and wrong. 
“He talked of being ‘legally in­ nocent,’ but what about his moral position? There was no recogni­ tion of that at all.” 
And Nixon’s performance dur­ ing the first interview revealed, the psychoanalyst said, that he had intimate knowledge of the 
Watergate cover-up attempts by his chief White House lieutenants. 
“In one effort to explain himself to the television audience and show himself in the best light, 
Nixon recounted how he had asked his lieutenants for the facts of the Watergate situation,” Dr. 
Abrahamsen said. 
“He told us, ‘I was-prepared to hear the worst as well as the best.’ And when a man says he is prepared to hear the worst, you can be sure he knows what is going on. 
“And his attempts to present himself as a martyr were pitiable. 
‘I impeached myself by resign­ ing,’ Nixon said, but that’s non­ sense. 
“He was compelled to resign before he was inevitably im­ peached by the Congress. 
“He still does not confront the facts about the situation or about himself —• he sees reality only from his own standpoint.” 
Dr. Abrahamsen said Nixon’s character defects make him see himself as a kingly figure. 
“He has not yet come down from his throne. He has a God-* like view of himself.” 
A different analysis of Nixon’s 
TV performance was given to 
THE STAR by Dr. Berthold 
Schwartz, psychiatrist and consul­ tant at Essex County Hospital 
Center in Montclair, NJ. 
“In one way I can feel sorry for him — it’s remarkable the punish­ ment he took,” Dr. Schwartz said. 
“He came across psychological­ ly as a shy, thoughtful man who is complex but not really so 

Richard Nixon: Still ambitious. 

/ . 
A A 
Dr. Abrahamsen: Sad figure. 

 tricky. But he seems to have some need to punish himself. 
“If he was a crook, he was a failure at it — he left his finger­ prints all over the place. 
“As he said, he was not a good butcher when the time came for him to be ruthless with Haldeman and Erlichman. He was chicken. 
He showed indecisiveness about his own destiny. 
“He did not have the ruthless­ ness to act to save himself. He reverted to a crippling passivity, because he’s soft underneath. He wasn’t like Harry Truman, who could be ruthless in a pressure sit­ uation and let the ax tall where it may. 
“As for the question of his mor­ ality, who can cast the first stone? 
“What we know of Nixon is that he goofed but good. But the televi­ sion appearance shows he has courage. ” 

 moir s which, he hopes, will earn him $2-miilion. 
Pat Nixon too tired to watch 
PAT NIXON found the Watergate interview “too emotional and painful to watch.” After dinner at her San Clemente home, Pat, who is still recovering from a stroke, retired to bed and read a book. 
Her husband didn’t watch his confrontation with David Frost, either. He worked on his me- 

A spokesman for Mrs. Nixon said she didn’t watch the TV in­ terview because, “it would have been too emotional . . . painful. 
She is still recovering and tires very easily.” 

DOCTORS TO 
THE RESCUE 
THE government is sending extra doctors to Chicago, which already has the most physicians of any city in the U.S. 
Chicago’s 1o,ooo doctors prac­ tice mainly in its affluent areas, leaving poorer sections without medical care. 
The National Health Service 
Corps (NHSC) will set up clinics in these poor sections. 
NHSC doctors are young medi­ cal school graduates committed to work for the government on salaries for a period of time be­ cause their educations were fi­ nanced by federal loans. 

 don't 
I hesitate— -act now this could be your last chance to FLY with a real BARNSTO RM ER in a real BI-PLANE!!!! 
This Sunday, M a y 
15 
(in case of rain, M a y 
22), 
Castroville 
M u n ­ icipal Airport or 
Call For Appointment: 
696-2957 
TARS1KES AERIAL 

SERVICE 

Sonny reveals: I’m going to marry Susie 

By WAYNE DAR WEN 
SONNY BONO revealed this week that he is getting mar­ ried again—to vivacious model Susie Coehlo. 
In an exclusive interview with THE STAR, the 42-year-old singer dismissed reports that he would remarry Cher. 
Holding hands with the raven-haired, long-legged Susie, he said: “We are in love and are going to get married. All this talk about Cher and I getting together again domestically is rubbish. 
“We are still great friends, but emotionally we arie miles apart and, anyway, there is nothing left between us on that plane.” 
Sonnv, looking fit and relaxed, talked in his $2oo-a-day suite at the Waldorf Astoria in New York before heading for Westbu­ ry, L.I., and his nightly show with Cher. 
He said fondly that Susie—who had just walked in from a model­ ing assignment—played a major part in helping nim to recover from the break-up of his marriage to Cher. 
“Susie is the only woman in my life,” he said of their year-long relationship. 
“I’m sick and tired of all this talk of remarrying Cher, which makes me look like some kind of dishrag waiting for her to come back to me. 
“Neither she or I are interested in each other in that way any more. 
“I am glad, though, that our daughter Chastity has given us some kind of bond. We both love her and hope we are dealing with her in the right way. 
“But I admit the divorce left me very insecure. It is difficult when you lose something that is part of your life, and it took me about a year to get over it. 
“For a long time, I even doubt­ ed my own talent—believing it was all Sonny and Cher and that 
Sonny couldn’t stand on his own. 
“But Susie gave me confidence and now I feel relaxed and self- assured.” 
Sonny said he and Susie haven’t set a date for their wedding be­ cause they still had a lot to dis­ cover about each other. 
“We want to be realistic about it,” he said. 
Cher enjoys a moment with second child, Elijah Blue. She has separated from Gregg Allman and a divorce appears likely. 

“We are in no hurry. People usually, as I have done twice be­ fore, get married first and worry about the rest later. 
“But we realize that to get married and not be completely aware of each other could be a great mistake. 
“Susie and I are living for the moment. We love each other very much and have a great under­ standing of each other. That’s hard to find these days.” 
Susie said she is not troubled b> 
Sonny’s reunion with Cher for a summer concert tour. 
“It doesn’t worry me in the slightest,” she said. 

“Why should it? Sonny and 
Cher are good friends who work well together on stage. It doesn’t place any strain on my relation­ ship with Sonny. 

“I love him very much—more than anyone else I have ever known.” 
Sonny added: “There is no re­ sentment between Cher and Susie at all. It was strange for Susie at first, but she understands it and seems to handle it fine.” 
Sonny and Cher’s current tour— 

 the first since their divorce in 1975 
—has proved to be a tremendous success. 
So far they have appeared in 
Hawaii, Cleveland, San Francis­ co, New York, Philadelphia and 
Maryland and each show has sold out well in advance. 
They will go into the recording studio soon to cut an album to­ gether and have plans for another 
TV show. 
Their current series, The Sonny and Cher Comedy Hour, has been canceled by CBS but Sonny is looking to the future optimistical­ ly. “We were very restricted in 

 what we could do on the show, and the cancellation will give us a chance to negotiate on our terms next time,” he said. 
“I think we will do another TV program, but we are not really concerned with that at the mo­ ment. 
“Both of us want to work indi­ vidually. So we’ll just see how it goes before we make any firm decisions.” 
Sonny claims the dramatic decline in ratings for their show was not to blame for its axing. 
“ It was a combination of a lot of things,” he said. 
“ We were up against heavy op- 

Sonny Bono plays with his daugh­ ter Chastity, and Elijah Blue, 
Cher’s son by Gregg Allman. 

 position with specials on other channels and we had a tough time with the censors at CBS. 
“We weren’t allowed to use lan­ guage like ‘lover ’ Instead, they made us say ‘boyfriend.’ It was silly stuff like that that hurt the program. 
“CBS was having growing pains 
—drops in the overall ratings— and we became the victims of it. 
“Personally, 
I’ll enjoy the break from TV for a while. You need some time to breathe and relax.” 
Sonny has taken an active inter­ est in leggy blackhaired Susie’s career. He has helped her assem­ ble a portfolio of her best model­ ing photographs—many of which he has taken himself. 
“Ifs another interest for me,” he said. “I really enjoy helping her. I think she has a lot of tal­ ent.” 
Sonny confided Cher has talked with him about the break-up of her marriage to rock star Gregg 
Allman. 
“Naturally, Cher’s very upset over it,” he said. 
“She’s spoken to me about it, but what can you say? 
“It’s an emotional problem that 
Cher and Gregg and time will have to work out.” 

The goal of young victim of fibrosis is pro tennis 

BROOKS Sii&wber, a 12 year-old cystic fibrosis victim, is already a 
TV celebrity. Now he wants to be a tennis star. 
He decided on the goal after making a TV commercial with tennis champion Arthur Ashe. 
They made the commercial to encourage contributions for the fight against cystic fibrosis, the official charity of the Association of Tennis Professionals. 
The spot is shown on TV throughout the country each weekend. 
“He was really neat,” Brooks said of Ashe. “We played a little while after we were finished with the commercial and Arthur gave me some advice about my game. 
“It helped a lot. I guess I’m get­ ting pretty good.” 
The youngster had taken up ten­ nis about a year before making the commercial. The game helps keep his lungs clear. 
Cystic fibrosis builds up a thick mucus in the lungs and pancreas of its victims. 
Now Brooks, who weighs just 87 pounds, practices tennis an hour a day and plays two hours a day on weekends. He’s learned all his present coach can teach him and is looking for a new mentor. 
Though he hasn’t won a tourna­ ment yet, he’s advanced a little further in the eliminations each time he’s competed. 

Brooks Strawser: Tennis helps keep his lungs clear. 
SEVEN TIPS ON BUYING A KITCHEN RANGE 
BUYERS should keep seven ma­ jor guidelines in mind when shop­ ping for a new kitchen range, says a leading home economist. 
Linda McCormack, family re­ source management specialist for 
Texas A&M University, College 
Station, Tex., listed the guidelines as these: 
• Overall, remember the more features you select, the higher the cost of the appliance will be. 

• If you plan to move soon, avoid built-in, drop-in or slide-in ovens and surface burner units in favor of a range you can take along. On the other hand, a built­ in kitchen could be an important feature when selling your nome. 
• Consider which features you really need. Is a second oven— probably for just the holidays— worthwhile? Or does your life­ style require fast, smaller-quanti- 

 ty microwave cooking? Do you eat out a lot? Are you big on froz­ en dinners? 
• Know who will provide ser­ vice under the product warranty which assures delivery, installa­ tion and satisfactory perform­ ance. 
• Remember, problems with a new range can be caused by such factors as a floor that isn’t quite level, a faulty oven thermometer, 

 or failure to keep the oven clean. 
• Familiarize yourself with oven-cleaning terminology, espe­ cially the differences between 
“sell-cleaning” and “continuous cleaning.” 
• Don’t expect miracles. 
A bride who is an inexperienced cook cannot expect her new range to make her a gourmet cook. But it can help. 

YOUR SUNDAY CROSSWORD 

A C R O S S 

1 Torment 
7 Mark with a line 
1 4 Wrench 
2o Fountain order: 2 wds 
21 Farm machine 
22 Hammered 
24 Verb form 
25 Asian desert 
26 Speed contest 
27 A s far as 
28 Corrode 
29 Pronoun 
3o Not many 
32 Hoisting apparatus 
34 Embryo frog 
36 D ress border 
37 Desertlike 
39 Emitting 
. smoke 
4o March away: 2 wds. 
41 Mediocre 
42 Altercation com p wd. 
44 Witness 
45 Although 
46 S p e ck 
47 Circuit 
48 Really! 
5o Of the side 
53 Free: 2 wds 
55 Greedy 
5 7 
Aviv 
58 Arrest 
6o Child support 
61 Decelerated 
2 wds. 
65 Paid attention 
68 U nassum ing 
72 Cheroot 
73 Devilish 

75 Society girl 
77 Of soft palate 
78 Follow orders 
79 Unusual 
8o Might 
82 Palm lily 
83 Golf mound 
84 Leave 
85 Bank employee 
87 Indistinct 
88 Correlative 
89 Greek letters 
9o Dessert order: 2 wds. 
92 Baby carriage 
93 Feudal estate 
95 In no 

1 34 Ocean movement 
1 35 Building wing 
136 Add sugar 
1 37 Facade 
1 39 Augment 
1 4o Indian mulberry 
141 Fly aloft 
1 42 Informal greeting 
143 2oo greeting 
1 44 Egyptian herb 
1 46 French article 
147 Error 
1 49 Support 
151 Sat fire to 
1 53 Anchored a tent 
1 54 Responded 

1 4 Show ed buds 
1 5 Young turkey 
1 6 Stratagem 
1 7 Picnic pest 
1 8 Smali fish 
19 Inevitable result 
2o African expedition 
23 Lower in rank 
31 Coil 
33 Stagger 
34 Of great power 
35 Puddle 
36 Vagabond 
38 Disappear gradually 
2 wds 
4o Expensive wrap manner 
1 55 Gathered 
41 Burn 
97 Height slowly 
98 Rub 
D O W N 
43 At no harshly time 
99 Sour 
1 “Four- 
45 Be part brew bagger ”• of 
1oO Relaxing 
2 wds 
47 Finished 
1o3 Regarded 
2 Paid 
2 w ds highly notice 
49 Performed 
1o5 Count 
3 Tattered 
51 L e a se ­ calories cloth holder 
1o7 Silent 
4 Footless greeting animal 
52 Varnish 
1o8 Political 
5 Temperate base party: 
6 Steeples 
54 Male abbr. 
7 Try to turkey 
11o Dresses hit: 2 
56 M a id ’s hides wds need: 2 
111 Baby 
8 Comic wds. carriage detective 
59 Motel 
115 Daydream 
9 Oven item 
118 Sermonize shelf 
61 Blind 
122 Black 
1o Skating spot birds surface 
62 Generous 
1 23 Presently 
11 Attending 
63 Curved 
1 25 Among: 
1 2 Complete molding poetic 
1 3 Worn 
64 Sun sh ad e 
126 College away 
66 Bind cheer 

67 Regret 
69 Overhead train 
7o Overstuff 
71 Pruned 
74 British sailor 
76 Most audacious 
79 Solidify 
81 Tiny 
84 R un s off the tracks 
85 Shred 
86 Australian bird 
87 Liquid measure 
89 Overload 
2 wds 
9o Had lunch 
91 C am e to earth 
92 Here 
94 Helm position 
96 Decimal base 
97 Band members 
98 Kind 
1oO Electrical unit 
1o2 Neither 
1o4 Faucet 
1o6 Presented 
1o9 Reflected 
111 Sharp cry 
11 2 Garden latticework 
11 3 Stir up 
11 4 Wander 
116 Strength 
11 7 Merit 
119 The 
Orient 
1 2o Care ssed 
121 Took notice of 
124 Wilt 

127 

13o 
131 
132 
133 
136 
137 
138 

141 

143 

145 
148 

15o 

152 

Empty talk: slang 
Vigilant 
Net 
Rub out 
Scop e 
Drench 
Stronghold 
Girl’s name 
M usical direction 
Fabled bird 
Gratuity 
Thoroughfare: abbr. 
Cordage fiber 

 deum 

Blackmailing big business will not save Big Apple 

THIS 
I 
BELIEVE 

By 
Steve 
Dunleavy 

1 28 Follow 

1 29 Bridle strap 
13o Councils 
132 Mistake 

SEE SOLUTION PAGE 19 

Teachers hit by battle fatigue says 
J psychiatrist 

THOUSANDS of 
U.S. school teachers are going through men­ tal problems similar to combat neurosis suffered by soldiers in battle, according to a leading psy­ chiatrist. 

These psychological ailments included emotional tension, anxi­ ety, nightmares, jumpiness and assorted phobias, said Dr. Alfred 
M. Bloch, who is studying the problems of teachers in inner city areas. 

Like soldiers who are under the constant fear of attack, some teachers also suffered physical ills such as high blood pressure stomach trouble, backaches and headaches, he said. 

Dr. Bloch, an assistant profes­ sor of psychiatry at UCLA, also noted that 63,ooo teachers were in­ jured in assaults by students in 
1975-76, and he claimed that offi­ cials had taken only token steps to ease the trauma of battered teachers. 

He said that in 253 teacher as­ sault cases he studied in Los An­ geles “the school districts cate­ gorically denied that there had been psychological injury’’ to the teachers. 
Schools in Philadelphia have adopted one of 
Dr. 
Bloch’s suggestions, that a student who attacks a teacher be removed from the class and put in a spe­ cial school. 

But the doctor said: “In most cases, the student is suspended for two days and returns a hero.’ 

Even more demoralizing than the assaults, Dr. Bloch said, is the all too frequent advice school offi­ cials give teachers to keep quiet. 

MAN KILLED BY BEE 
STING IN HIS THROAT 
A MAN has been stung to death by a honey bee which flew into his mouth while he was chewing to­ bacco, doctors in Cincinnati re­ ported recently. 
Fifty-five-year-old 
Leo 
McIn­ tyre cued from asphyxiation when the sting caused his throat to swell, blocking his breathing. 

I HAVE as much enthusiasm for giant Big 
Brother corporations as I have for swine flu. 
I say this up front, lest what follows is mistaken as a defense tor these corporations. 
Specifically, I am talking of a case concerning the big daddies of big business, Union Carbide and 
Mobil Oil. The chairmen of the boards of those com­ panies probably care as much about you and me as they do about their dry cleaning bills. 
But, for once, I am on their side. They are getting treated outrageously in the name of liberalism and civil rights. 
Here is the beef. Both companies have decided to move their headquarters out of New York. 
I don’t like to see companies move out of New 
York. I wish all business would stay in New York and help keep it from sinking, like the Titanic. 
But ifs their business. They own the outfits and if they want to leave they have every right to- 
No. According to a knee-jerk liberal outfit called the Suburban Action Institute, Union Carbide and 
Mobil Oil have no right to their own destiny. 
This mob is filing suits against the companies claiming their moves are discriminatory because blacks and minorities can’t afford to move with them. 
The fact is, Union Carbide is moving to Falls 
Church, Va., and Mobil Oil is moving to Danbury, 
Conn., to take advantage of two new highway sys­ tems being built there. 
Now ifs bad enough that this so-called Suburban 
Action Institute, which gets a lot of money from the 
Ford Foundation, sees fit to file suit against private enterprise— but a representative of New York’s ma­ yor has also stuck his nose in. 
Osborn 
Elliott, mayor for economic opment, has asked the fed­ eral government to block funds tor road improvement to the areas where these companies are moving. You can look at it anyway you like, but in my dictionary that spells blackmail. 
Union Carbide and Mobil 
Oil have their own reasons for moving. I don’t know what they are. But I do know many organizations have been sickened by the ineptitude of a succes­ sion of liberal mayors who have made New York the national dumping ground for welfare recipients. 
So here we are, faced with this incredibly ludi­ crous situation. 
The liberals of New York have swelled the wel­ fare rolls. The liberals of New York have fanned the crime wave with their insistence on court leni­ ency. The liberals have made New York a very un­ appetizing place for private enterprise. 
And now that New York has become a battle­ ground for survival, and corporations must spend extra millions of dollars to stay in the city, these same liberals turn around and say: “You can’t go anywhere, pal. If we’re going to have it tough, so are you. You are trapped with us.” 
It s curious that Chicago, Pittsburgh and Los An­ geles don’t have problems of these proportions. 
Paul Davidoff, executive director of this so-called 
Suburban Action campaign says: “Such a move al­ lows them to avoid the obligation to hire blacks and other minorities.’’ 
Well, Mr. Davidoff, I can’t believe Union Carbide and Mobil Oil are spending millions of dollars on their moves to avoid hiring blacks and minorities. 
But, if they were crazy enough to have that as their reason, it should be looked into for two reasons. 
No black man should be denied a job because of his color. But then again, no black man should be 
GIVEN a job because of his color. Forcing minori­ ties on corporations does not end discrimination. It fans it to raging fires. 
No man of dignity wants to be given something. 
He wants to earn it. At least, that’s the overwhelm­ ing impression I get from the majority of blacks. So 
Mr. Davidoff,’ back off, will you? 

 deputy Why don’t devel- 
" other cities hove such appalling problems? 

ACROSS 

3-I k 
Ste 

I Bring together 
6 Family member 
12 Household 
17 Swiftly 
22 “ Don’t—body—!' 
23 Yearn for 
24 Elude 
25 Girl’s name 
26 Likeness 
27 Abased 
28 Modem 
3o Vocal 
31 Pep 
32 Border 
33 Football posi­ tions Abbr. 
34 Relatives 
35 Fuss 
36 Entertain 
37 Okla. city 
38 “Golden’’ state. 
Abbr. 
39 Cricket term 
41 Era 
43 Recede 
44 Continent 
45 Operated 
47 Imbecile 
49 Scrooge term 
51 All 
54 Itemized list. 
Abbr. 
55 Heavy hammer 
58 Seine 
59 Ice------- 
61 Opposite offs 
62 In spite of 2wrds. 
64 Besmirches 
66 2oMPH areas 
69 Redford movie 
71 Adhered 
73 Warmth 
74 Summer drinks 
75 Thyroid 
77 Prohibit 
79 Corundum 
81 Conducted 
83 Complain. Slang 

84 Supreme being 
86 Container 
88 Scorches 
89 Cares for 
9o Picture part 
91 Outrigger 
92 Servants 
94 Doctors’ aids 
95 Sherwood et a1 
97 United 
98 Bathing areas 
99 Double 
1o1 Sprite 
1o2 Low bark 
1o4 Anchovy sauce 
1o5 Marching man­ ner 
1o6 Concluded 
1o8 Drew 
1o9 Damage 
111 Equipment 
112 Suffix with mob or gang 
114 " 
Amigo’’ 
116 Farm enclosure 
118 Separate 
122 Dined 
124 Willow bed 
126 Lights 
127 Restitch 
128 Weight unit 
129 Yellow clay 
131 Auction 
132 Craving 
133 Levies 
134 Bounces off 
136 Creed 
138 Compass point 
139 Plunger 
14o Scull 
141 Usury. Abbr. 
142 Race 
145 Is carried 
146 Tot watchers 
151 Flower pail 
154 Rinks 
156 Asiatic savage 
157 Cycles in plant formation 
158 Broadcast 
16o Set out 

162 Scramble UTE 
163 Relatives 
165 Disencumber 
166 Blends 
168 Brown kiwi 
169 Morose 
171 Egos 
172 Fitting 
174 Fish food 
175 Mend 
176 Gelatinous sub­ stance 
177 Employed 
179 Arab robe 
181 Tree 
182 Bistro 
183 King Kong 
184 Beatified 
185 Sawbuck 
186 Phoned 
188 Stock term 
19o Flavor 
191 “ Be I t ---------- 
Humble.’’ 
192 Hangman's knot 
193 Churchman 
194 Ship’s officer 
195 Bench, Rose et a1 
196 Maxims 
197 Ease 
198 Medicines. 
Abbr. 

DOWN 

1 The world 
2 In name only 
3 Ideates 
4 “ H onest 
!” 
5 Always 
7 Formation 
8 Vehicle 
9 Meat cut 
1o Girl’s name 
11 Piece of pie 
12 Festival 
13 Punish in return 
14 Scot’s nickname 
15 Thought 
16 Banks 

Last week’s Giant solution 
>■ ■■& 

17 Long exclama­ tion 
18 Canary island 
19 Stirring up 
2o Relations 
21 Strive 
27 Ruse 
29 Short for Tobias 
39 Bungle 
4o Celt 
42 Bacchanal cries 
46 Nimble 
48 Abode. Abbr. 

49 Family member 
5o Perils 
52 Alphabet letters 
53 Sheep-like 
56 Vet 
57 Puzzle m aker & family 
5 9 ----- 
_ 
Maine 
(shore line) 
6o Decency 
62 Storage place 
63 Football position 
65 Scorn 
67 Exclamation. 
Var. 
68 Man’s name 
69 Thin mud 
7o Turns as a sloop 
72 Family member 
75 Family member 
7 6 ------ proof 
77 Lager 
78 Musical offering 

8o Time periods. 
Abbr. 
82 Compass point 
83 12 dozen. Abbr. 
84 Food items 
85 Elan 
87 Family gather­ ing 
91 Lady rhymer. 
93 Wise men 
95 Insects 
96 Mild protest 
98 Gr. Philosopher 
1oo Legal degree 
1o1 Tree 
1o3 Stake 
1o4 Reply. Abbr. 
1o7 Numerous 
11o Repeat show­ ings 
111 Hares & squir­ rels 
113 Escutcheon bor­ der 
115 Legal document 
116 Genders 
117 Affirmative 
119 Rougher 
12o Container 
121 Instigated 
122 Deed 
123 Shore birds 
125 Otherwise 
127 Kudos 
13o Fished 
133 wave 
134 Sailor. Slang 

135 Female 
Saint. 
Abbr. 
137 Diminish 
139 Uproar 
143 W Pacific island 
144 Family mem­ ber 
145 Replaced 
146 Hod-dog must 
147 Door column 
148 Flower 
149 Incursion 
15o Part of a dozen 
152 Generous giving 
153 Beginners 
155 Assuage 
156 Family mem­ ber 
159 Breathe 
161 Baked 
163 Hebrew month 
164 Family mem­ ber 
166 Mental condi­ tion 
167 Espied 
17o Dutch painters 
173 Records 
174 Animal 
176 Signal 
178 Medics 
18o Celebes ox 
183 Ripens 
184 Thermal unit 
187 “------& Magog’’ 
189 Highways. 
Abbr. 

Ste? WHIRLY WORD6 v. by Warren Tobotch 
PUZ.ZLE 121 

F 
Y 
N 
~ o ~ T 
_ 
IT IT T IT 
R T 
P 

L 
R 
O 
M 
A 
O 
B 
O 
R 
E 
J 
N 
H 

E 
R 
E 
B 
E 
G 
A 
T 
S 
O 
H 
O 
E 

E 
E 
S 
U 
O 
I 
T 
I 
B 
M 
A 
O 
N 

E 
H 
R 
E 
D 
L 
O 
M 
D 
M 
L 
N 
O 

S 
C 
U 
M 
U 
I 
S 
E 
C 
I 
I 
E 
M 

S 
R 
P 
F 
C 
F 
N 
T 
B 
R 
B 
H 
E 

A 
A 
A 
E 
L 
T 
C 
E 
E 
T 
U 
C 
N 

C 
D 
I 
L 
I 
U 
L 
H 
S 
R 
T 
T 
O 

I 
I 
N 
S 
R 
E 
T 
T 
U 
G 
K 
I 
N 

R 
A 
T 
I 
R 
E 
V 
E 
N 
A 
S 
K 
E 

F 
L 
Y c 
A 
T 
C 
H 
E 
R 
A 
E 
R 

SILLYETTES 

CLUE: “U.S.S.R. CAVALRYMAN’’ 

 h o w t o p l a y : 
Solution: 7 Letters 
All the w oros listed below appear in the puzzle — horizontally vertically, d iago nally, even backw ards Find them and circle their letters 
The leftover letters spell the Starw ord 

A m bitious 
B olster 
C esium 
C herry 

D entist 
E th e r 

F lee 
F lute 
F ly catch er 
F ric a sse e 
G u tter 

H alibut 
H ostage 

Isle 

Jeroboam 

Kitchen 
Libel 
Lift 
M older 
Never 
Noon 

Paint 
Persecution 
Phenom enon 
P u rse 

R adial 
R ear 
Reno 
T rim 

Las! Week’s Answer: ORPHAN 

Carol Burnett and Dick Van Dyke laugh It up at a party after their opening In the two-character play Same Time 
Next Year. They're doing the comedy in Hollywood. 

TV’s Policewoman ANGIE 
DICKINSON (above) flew to 
Las Vegas to spend a week­ end with estranged husband 
BURT BACHARACH who was appearing at MGM’s Grand 
Hotel. Friends predict they may soon attempt a reconcili­ ation. 
Actress Valerie Perrine was relaxed and dressed casually when she and agent Steve Berther arrived at a party in 
Roxy's, the Los Angeles nightspot. 
McQueen lets fly at movie boss 

Studio scuffle. 

ECCENTRIC 
STEVE 
MC 
QUEEN’S behavior is baffling both his friends and business asso­ ciates. 
One man who must be particularly concerned is First Artists' movie pres­ ident PHIL FELDMAN — whom Mc­ 
Queen recently tried to hurl through a glass door. 
The trouble is that McQueen, now a producer as well as occasional actor, wants to make a movie version of 
HAROLD PINTER’S Old Times. But 

 his studio, First Artists, would prefer him to come up with something a little more commercial. 
The result was tile scuffle between 
McQueen and Feldman. The latter, 
3o-lbs. lighter but an ex-Golden Gloves boxer, offered to take Steve outside — but that was wisely refused. 
McQueen, whose films have earned a reported $3oo million, formed First 
Artists with among others, PAUL 
NEWMAN, ROBERT REDFORD and 
BARBRA STREISAND. They complain 
MIN WILL ALWAYS Bl TOPS IN SPORTS, 

MEN will always be superior to women in athletics because they have hormones that give them greater power and speed, says a prominent woman physical educa­ tion instructor. 
“Women will never be able to compete successfully with me. 
I'd stake my professional reputa­ tion on that,’’ said Dr. Dorothy 
Harris, director of the Center for 
Women in Sports at Pennsylvania 
State University. 
She told THE STAR: “ Basically this has to do with the sex hor­ mones and their influence on physical maturation. 
“ Men have hormones that pro­ duce greater muscle mass and a1- 

SAYS WOMAN 

 low their bodies to generate pow­ er and speed. 
“ Women don’t have enough of these hormones.” 
However, Dr. Harris does not think this means women’s sports are inferior to men s sports. And she advocates an equal opportuni­ ty for everyone to reach their full athletic potential. 
Dr. Harris says that many women shun developing athletic skills because society deems it unfeminine, and they will appear unattractive to men. 
“Often young girls reject sports 

HAWAII 
9 DAYS/8 NIGHTS 

LAS VEGAS 
M 99 
4 DAYS/3 NIGHTS 

ACAPULCO 
*19ooo 
4 DAYS/3 NIGHTS 

MEXICO CITY $152“° 
4 DAYS/3 NIGHTS 
824-1412 
TOLL FREE I — 8 o o -2 9 2 -7 2 o 4 

JUST 

6838 San Pedro, San Antonio 78216 

 because it isn t lady like,” said 
Dr. Harris. 

“Believe me, there is aboiutely no danger that a woman can be­ comes less feminine through sports.” 

Even weight lifting does not make a woman manly, Dr. Harris said. And, she added, if women appear to be less aggressive than men in sports, it’s because society expects them to be that way. 

“Women actually have a faster reaction time in some situations than men,” 
Dr. 
Harris said. 
“They have less bulk to move. 
But they don’t have the power to move the total body in response as quickly as men do.” 

Steve has become too highbrow for his own good. 
McQueen, meanwhile, has rented a 
$3,5oo villa in New Mexico to be near his wife ALI MAC GRAW while she makes Convoy with heartthrob KRIS 
KRISTOFFERSON. Insiders say he didn’t want there to be any chance of a romance starting between her and the ex-singer. 
After all, Steve did fail in love with her on a film set when she was happi­ ly married to producer ROBERT 
EVANS. 
He needn’t have worried: Ali and Kris apparently disliked each other from their first meeting. 
And anyway, Kris’s wife, Rita 
Coolidge, has been watching him eagle-eyed on and off camera. 
TV gossip RONA BARRETT plans to sue BURT REYNOLDS because he sent her a live Gila monster, a poisonous lizard, in the mail — but minus its deadly fangs. 
The columnist claims she faint­ ed before she realized it was harmless. Apparently Burt was upset because Kona made a slash­ ing attack on him in a story she wrote about his ex-girl friend 
DINAH SHORE. 

Sophia Loren's 

 jewels help to 

 build a 

ACTRESS Sophia Loren has do nated some of her precious jewels to help a small, poor parish build a new church. 

Miss Loren gave a cluster of ru­ by rings to Fr. Anthony Goossens, pastor of Holy Trinity Church in 
Llano, Tex. 

They were raffled for more than 
$25,ooo and parishioners raised another $25,ooo. 

The actress gave the rings to 
Father Goossens, a friend of IO years, after he told her the exist­ ing church building was crum­ bling 

That wasn’t the first unwel­ come package she has opened. 
Remember RYAN O’NEAL sent her a tarantula spider? 
DAVID BIRNEY and not ROB­ 
ERT DE NIRO as rumored will play the part of consumer activist 
RALPH NADER in a planned three-part TV special this fall. 
Now playing to rave reviews in 
Testimony To Two Men, the tal­ ented but modest actor is finally on the verge of the big film ca­ reer that has eluded him so far. 
Bimey has just signed a three film deal with Universal. 
Trouble in the new SYLVES­ 
TER STALLONE office in Holly­ wood: 
His secretary, who ne hired after the tremendous suc­ cess of Rocky, quit when he threw her an apple and told her to peel it. 
ROSE MARIE who brightens 
TV’s Hollywood Squares has a big friendship going with 
ART 
FLEMING who not too many years ago was quizmaster on the nit show Jeopardy. 
LYNDA CARTER, whose show 
Wonder Woman is switching from 

McKenzie Phiiiips, of the 
TV comedy One Day At A 
Time, and her friend 
Champ McGuila at a bene­ fit night for animals at the 
Hollywood Palladium. The show was run by actor 
Earl Holliman. 

ABC to CBS, also wants to switch her leading man LYLE WAG­ 
GONER. Apparently their close friendship has broken up, and she wants ria of him when the show changes networks. 
But CBS, who got the series be­ cause they guaranteed 26 episodes instead of 12, don’t want to chop 
Waggoner. 
So Lynda, who is still the live-in girlfriend of RON SAMUELS, per­ sonal manager of the Bionic 
Woman, is trading blows with the 
CBS hierarchy. 
That tough business girl and talented actress MARLO THOM­ 
AS has finally fallen in love — with Chicago talk show host PHIL 
DONAHUE. She appeared on his program — and say friends —- he stole her heart. Exit former boy­ friend DAVID GEFFEN. 
ELTON JOHN’S bizarre behav­ ior is also worrying friends. He’s so depressed and paranoid, they say he’s had all his telephones dis­ connected and all the pictures, in­ cluding an enormous oil painting, taken down in his Beverly Hills home. But if you want to contact him he’s installed a teletype ma­ chine. 
Media giant ROBERT STIG- 
WOOD is trying to get JACK NI- 

Edited by IVOR KEY, with contributions by 
Charles Com er, Philip Finn and Robin Leach 

★Angie flies to Burt 

THE SAM ANTONIO STAR— May I 5, 19 7 7 
PAGE 19 
I 
, , _ 
— r _ _ = s tS S i— - :-■ inn .... nip* 

Cary Grant can still turn on the charm, judging by that broad grin from actress-model Margaux Hemingway. Both were at a “First anniversary” party in New York hosted by Faberge. Cary is an executive with the cosmetic com­ pany and Margaux’s glamorous looks have been helping to sell its products for exactly one year. 

GHOLSON to direct the film musi­ cal 
Sgt. Pepper , which, boast the producers, will star almost every major rock star. 
MUHAMMAD ALI will marry his girl friend Veronica in Holly­ wood next month. Where else would a budding film star get wed? He’s planning to have 5oo guests from sports, show busi­ ness, and politics. 
JAMES CAGNEY intends to break his self-imposed exile this year by being master of ceremo­ nies at a benefit for the Cancer 
Society. 
MARY TYLER MOORE’S first 
TV performance since quitting her own show will be on the CAR­ 
OL BURNETT Show when shell do a dance routine with the host­ ess and FLORENCE HENDER­ 
SON. 
Forget all that talk of romance between BURT REYNOLDS and 
SALLY FIELDS . . . and CHRIS- 
SIE EVERT. His current love is an American Airlines stewardess. 
JOHN CHANCELLOR will stay in New York but DAVID BRINK­ 
LEY will move to Washington to continue joint-anchoring the NBO 
Nightly News next month. And for the move be’11 get a boost in sala­ ry to $5oo,ooo from $35o,ooo. 
Craggy 6o-year-oid actor ER­ 
NEST BORGNINE and his wife 
TOVE have concocted a face lo­ tion made from Mexican cactus 
They are hdpirtg Id market If if 

 the Food and Drug Administra­ tion approves. 
The producers of the fabulously successful film Rocky are now so hung up with boxing as subject 
— and who can blame them as they count their huge profits —■ they have offered MUHAMMAD 
ALI his own TV series. 
The world heavyweight cham­ pion who is currently prepping for a fight against an inconsequential 
Spaniard, would play a sort of boxer-ghetto philosopher 
(Jose 
Torres?). 
All, who is determined to be as good an actor as he is pugilist, be­ lieves a TV series would aid his ambition to make lots of movies. 
Phyllis 
TV star 
CLORIS 
LEACHMAN is so impressed with the acting ability of ROZ KELLY, she has asked her producers to write the young actress into her series — or1 write a new one star­ ring both of than. 
YASMIN KHAN organized the transfer of her mother RITA 
HAYWORTH from a California hospital to Silver Hills, a rehabili­ tation center for the rich and fa­ mous in Connecticut. 
TATUM O’NEAL, 13, and her occasional boyfriend MICHAEL 
JACKSON, 17, of the JACKSON 
FIVE, were seen swimming to­ gether in the grotto of HUGH 
HEFNER’S Holmby Hills man­ sion. There's where the bathers usually skinny-dip. 

SCHOOLBOY Gary Fridd wait chasing tadpoles — and ended up hooking a $2o,ooo treasure. 
For at the bottom of the stream he found an old iron sword. “I didn’t know what it was worth, bot rushed home to show dad,” said nine-year-old Gary. 
The sword turned out to be 1.ooo years old, and this week The 
Yorkshire Museum in England paid $2o,ooo for it at an auction. 
His mother, Jean, said: 
‘‘I know Gary will miss the sword. 
He wanted to keep it at home above the fireplace.” 
But Gary doesn’t have to go far to see his rare find — the mu­ seum is just 4o miles away from his home in the village of Gilling 

Gary FrkH displays the sword lie found in a stream. 

‘Angel’ out on 

CHARLIE’S Angel KATE JACK­ 
SON has told WARREN BEAT­ 
TY, who’s been escorting her around 
Hollywood for four months, that she’s finished with lam. 
The end came when, while she was on a promotional tour in San 
Francisco, he began seeing his old flame JULIE CHRISTIE again. 
Warren told her there was noth­ ing to it — but Kale didn’t believe him. And now she’s threatening to give Juiie a piece of her mind when she meets her. 
Ex-football star FRED WIL­ 
LIAMSON has been offered his own TV show as a black under­ cover detective. At his insistence he will direct several of the epi­ sodes — the first black actor to De given the privilege. 
Producers of Chico And The 
Man have found a novel way to in­ troduce the as yet unnamed re­ placement for 
FREDDIE 
PRINZ E into their upcoming se­ ries. 
JACK ALBERTSON and SCAT- 
MAN CROTHERS will go on a fishing trip across the border where a young Mexican named 
Raoul stows away for a trip back across the border. 
They take him on at the garage 
—• and if he’s a success with the viewers, he’ll stay. If not the im­ migration officers will pick him up and send him home. 
RICHARD BURTON, no doubt 

 storms 
Beatty 

 influenced by his 25 years youn­ ger wife Siisie, has teamed up with pop stars including, DAVID 
ESSEX, to produce a rock opera based on H G Wells’ War Of The 
Worlds. 
Handsome 
OMAR 
SHARIF, who is a better bridge player than he is an actor, said at New York’s" 
Ibis club he is opening a night spot in Cairo. 

Actress 
LEIGH 
TAYLOR- 
YOUNG — remember her as 
RYAN O’NEAL’S ex-wife and also a star of TV’s long running 
Peyton Place — has shed 3o lbs and is resuming her acting ca­ reer. She dropped out of the Hol­ lywood scene three years ago to become involved in a spiritual group, bul now says she wants to get back to real life. 
BOB DYLAN, still very much separated but living in the same 
Malibu beach house as his wife 
SARAH, is dating would-be ac­ tress LIZA ARTISTE all over town. She came to Hollywood two months ago after earning a living driving a track in Alaska for 18 months. Tough lady! 
One wealthy young sportsman who isn’t getting it all his own way with the girls is JIMMY 
CONNORS who is pining for 
MARJIE WALLACE. The ex Miss 
World, who has gone into the Hol­ lywood real estate business, can’t 
Stand his mother. 

TALKING COMPUTERS OUI 
M 
H 
W 
3o YEARS’ 

PEOPLE will be doing business with talking computers within 3o years, a leading professor predict­ ed this week. 
Philosophy professor 
David 
Harrah of the University of Cali­ fornia, Riverside, claimed that by the year 2oo1, computers that can speak will be widely used in banks and other financial institu­ tions. 
As an example, Professor Har­ rah said that a computer will be able to discuss a bank loan with a customer, telling him what 
/ailaole schemes are avg and what 

 his repayment rates would be. 
Talking computers will also be dealing with the public on tax problems, legal matters and even medical diagnoses. The only prob­ lem will be the language, Harrah believes. Because of the double and triple meaning of some En­ glish words, he wants to develop a more logical language system specially for computers. 

MIZZLE SOLUTION 

■ j]loll R_ u 
T A IiiiJLla1 
I L JE o ii i 

SIT IR111AIT IE r f SIPIRIA11 Tn] 
DOREin (•]□ rarammnram 

 mnnraonn nuBsraraHia 

CU 
D Q 
□ O S S 
B B 
G IB 
D 
B B G I annaQQ sramnraiTin ransiaiaisnaia 
B O B 
GI 
□dad 

S H O R B 
o 

M 

B 

PAGE 2o 
> THE SAN ANTONIO STAR— May 15, 1977 
5aathoff's Special Purchase 

 rn . 
H rn I 
I 9 
■ 
_______ 

1oo% 
FROST-PROOF 
REFRIGERATOR 
FULLY DELUXE 

• FULLY ADJUSTABLE SHELVES 
• SEPARATE CONTROLS 
• CHOICE OF COLORS 

• 7-DAY MEAT KEEPER 
• SM O OTH GLIDE ROLLERS 
• EXCLUSIVE FRIG-A-FOAM INSULATION 

• REVERSIBLE DOORS 
• AUTOMATIC ICE MAKER-OPTIONAL NOW OR LATER! 
• POST-LOOP CONDENSER- 

• TWIN VEGETABLE CRISPERS 
• EXTRA DEEP DOOR SHELVES 
• LOW , LOW OPERATING COST 

FULLY PROGRAMMED 
DELUXE 18. LB. 
WASHER 

FREE LIVE D EM O 

SEE THE WASHER THAT 
GETS CLOTHES CLEANER 
AT SAATHOFF’S 

AS SEEN O N TV 

FRIGIDAIRE’S UNIQUE UP-AND 
DOWN ACTION GETS CLOTHES 
CLEANER! AND EVERY WASHER 
WE BUILD HAS IT! 

SAVE ON THIS 
FRIGIDAIRE 15,ooo BTU 

High Efficiency 

 only 

CONSOLE TV 

 model 8576 Forty American maple col­ 

 or. also in pine, oak and pecan 

Previously $849 95 

MATCHING STEREO 

 model 8415 Early American maple col 

 oi Previously $299 95 Two fee price 

$995oo 

CONSOLE TV 

 model 8525 Spanish oak color, 

 also in Early American maple 

Previously S699 95 

MATCHING 
STEREO 

 model 8415 Spanish oak color 

Previously 
$299.95 
Twofer 

 pries $899 9o 

CONSOLE TV 

 model 8415 Forty Amtman 

 pine color Previously $299 95 
Two fer price $859 9o 

MATCHING 
STEREO 

 model ASO? Forty American 

 pine color, also rn maple, oak 

 and pecan Previously $659.95 

Buy me of these TV color consoles ana get a matching stereo console 
Tw o-FerSale 

Model 8522 Spanish oak 

 color Previously $599 95 

Model 8415 Spanish oak 

 color. Previously $299 95 

Two-for price $799 9o 

SAVE! PRICED AS LOW AS 
Big Color TV 
Console With 
Matching Stereo! 
TW O -FER 799 

OUR LIMITED WARRANTY 
IS THE BEST IN THE BUSINESS! 
FOUR YEARS 
YEARS FREE 
• PARTS 
• SHOP LABOR 
• PICTURE 
TUBE 

FOR THS BEST 
DEAL IN TOWN ON 
COLOR TV-AIR COND. 
RENTAL-SEE US I STI 
IWo-fer One Low Price. 
5<iathoff's 

I I 34 HILDEBRAND • 
7 SW. MILITARY 
7 3 4 - 5 o 5 6 
, 
9 24 -83o1