Special for 
Mother's Day 

• M ayo r Lila’s super-m om 
• A visit with Jimmy Carter’s mom 

SEE SCENE SECTION 

The celebrity life of 
Dan 
* ta* hear 

SPORTS 
FINAL 
F 

3 5 c 

MAY 8, 1977 

The Camera Never Blinks' 
X j H » * 
* * 
* 
* 
* 
T rn rn * * m m r rn 
THE SUNDAY 

★ In the STAR 
Margaret Trudeau 

Canada’s First Lady 
Plus W O R M RUSTLERS and JACKIE in pajamas 
EXPRESS NEWS 

America’s fastest growing Sunday newspaper 

H H t l J V S T 

Partly cloudy, warm. 
High, mid-8os. Low. 
7o. Retails, Page IM 

SATURDAY TEMPERATURES 
IN CO lllM N TWO 
Never beaten, Seattle Slew them once more 

By DAN COOK 
OE THI EXPRESS NEWS STATT 
LOUISVILLE, Kv. - Seattle 
Slew, the dark brown comet with speed to spare, captured the 1o3rd running of the Ken­ tucky Derby here Saturday but it wasn’t the easy waltz so many expected. 

One of the few undefeated horses ever to win the* Derby Seattle Slew' needed a full mile to shake away from a 7-1 outsider named For The Moment. 
But when the odds-on favorite felt the whip at the head of the stretch he seemed to shift gears. 
Seattle Slew won by a length and three-quarters over Run Dusty Run, while Sanhedrin finished third. 
This didn t surprise many of the 

More derby news, photos, Pages 4A , IS 
Seattle Slew has ever had. failed to get the break he wanted at the start of the mile and a quarter chase. 

124,o38 in attendance because this 
Run Dusty Run, which edged Sanhe- 
“ He fell all over the place at the group wagered $3,o55,225 on the derby drin by a neck for second, returned break,” Cruguet said. “ He just didn’t and more than a million wound up on 
Seattle Slew’s beautiful nose. 
The w inner paid just $3 for a $2 ticket and returned only $2.8o to place and the same $2.8o to show. 

$3.4o and $3.2o while the show horse brought the highest price, $4.oo for third. 
Jockey Jean Cruguet,- the tiny 
F re n c h m a n who is the only rider 

 break too fast and it was pretty tight going up between horses.” Then Cro­ quet added, “ but when you haw such a 

See DERBY Page I V 

Dan C o o k is the only w 
S .A. writer covering the Derby 

School guard shoots man 

A San Antonio School District patrolman wounded a 19-year-old man 
Saturday after the man fired a shot at the officer, according to police. 

The victim was listed in fair condition at Bexar County Hospital following the incident. The officer was not injured, police said. 
School Patrolman John Baeza told police he stopped a vehicle contain­ ing two men after observing the car leave the Smith Elementary School grounds at 823 S. Covers St. shortly before I p.m. 
Witnesses told officers that as Baeza approached the vehicle, the passenger in the car fired a shot through the rear windshield at the 
31-year-old school patrolman. 

Baeza returned fire. The passenger was struck on the left side of his head, witnesses said. 

The patrolman said he had to wrestle with the car’s driver to keep him from escaping, and the man was apprehended with the help of arriving policemen, reports said. 
Police said the vehicle had been reported stolen in Corpus Christi. 
Charged with criminal attempt to commit capital murder was Michael 
D. Miller, 19, of 16o4 Dakota St. 
Charged with theft over $2oo and aggravated assault on a police officer was Quinn A. McLennan, 19, of Corpus Christi. 
Bonds totaling $35,ooo were assessed against the two by Acting Night 
Magistrate Homer Walls. 
J a Ivor ski: Nixon distorting facts 

COMPILED TROM WIRE REPORTS 
NEW YORK — Richard Nix­ on’s admission that he “ let the country down’’ isn’t enough to right his wrongs, says former 
Watergate special prosecutor 
Leon Jaworski. 

And form er Nixon aide John Ehr- lichman says Nixon offered him “ huge sum s of m oney’’ when he resigned from the W hite House staff. 
W riting in the c u rre n t issue ol 
Newsweek magazine, Jaw orski den­ ounced Nixon’s claim that “ technically 
I did not commit a crime.” 
“Why,” he asked, “ if Mr. Nixon only made mistakes and was not criminally culpable, did he seek a pardon and embrace it? This is not the course ut innocent people ... 
“ All 38 m em bers of the House 
Judiciary Committee considering arti­ cles of im peachm ent, including ll) 
Republicans who had been Nixon’s defenders, some of them his closest friends and devotees, agreed that he w as guilty of a crime— of obstruction of justice. A grand jury named him as a coconspirator in the obstruction of justice ... 
‘Distortion’ 
“These are hard facts. They cannot be diluted by the passage of time. They cannot be erased by the belated efforts of the man who created them ... I sympathize with his lot. But I cannot concur in his effort to distort historical facts.” 
The comments written for Newsweek represent a modification of Jaworski’s views. 
Ehrlichman. in prison for his Wa-' tergato role, said in an article in New 
York magazine that the account of 
Watergate that Nixon gave in his in­ terview with David Frost “ will be tested and found false." 
“ As I listened to the words it was clear to me that there is. at San 
Clemente, a version of the years, 
1971-1975 that is not merely revision­ ist,” Ehrlichman «oid. "It’s a history manque.” 

Ehrlichman said Nixon’s account of the meeting at Camp David during which Ehrlichman was fired was only partly correct. 
“ He said he hoped he didn’t have to wake up, but at no time did he so much as hint that he thought of resigning,” 
Ehrlichman said, contradicting a sta-. tement by Nixon during the Frost in-; terview. “ He was overcome with self­ pity. 
“ He offered me huge sums of mon­ ey,” Ehrlichman wrote, “ I declined it.” 
Of the Nixon television interview, 
Ehrlichman said: “ There might have been a way for him to tell the truth . .. instead, I heard a smarmy, maudlin rationalization that will be tested and found false.” 

By CECIL CLIFT 
OF THE EXPRESS NEWS STATT 
BANDERA — A San Antonio funeral home executive was beaten with guns, stabbed and robbed by five men at his Me­ dina Lake vacation cottage Sa­ turday. 
Five San Antonians were arrested after the incident — two after a high speed chase in Bandera County and 
Child d ies under car 

A two-year-old girL was struck and killed S atu rday by an autom obile backing out of the driveway of her 
Valley iii residence. 
Police identified the victim as Kerrie nimbler, daughter of S.Sgt. and Mrs. 
William nim bler of 7o1o Echo Valley 
Drive. 
TJie girl was pronounced dead at 
WilTord Hall USAP Medical Center at 
o:46 p.m. 
The g irl’s father told officers his daughter was playing in the driveway as he backed the vehicle out. 

 three more at a San Antonio residence. 
The victim. John Bierschwale, 54, of 
547 E. Southcross Blvd., was treated and released from Southeast Baptist 
Hospital. 
B ierschw ale is vice p resident of 
Brookehill Funeral Home. 
Bandera County Sheriff Guy Pickett said Bierschw ale was alone in his 
Pebble Beach subdivision home on the east bank of Medina Lake about 2 p.m. when a man appeared at his door ask­ ing for a drink of water. 
Bierschwale admitted the man and four others burst inside, he said. 
The five then proceeded to beat the funeral home executive with their guns and stabbed him in the legs and sto­ mach, according to the sheriff. 
Before fleeing, the five reportedly carted off Bierschwale’s television set, a tape recorder and diamond ring. 
Two of the* attackers fled in the vic­ tim ’s 1977 luxury car while the other 
Xhree sped away in their own vehicle, 
Managed to walk 

The stunned and bleeding 
Bierschwale managed to walk to a neighbor’s home and call the sheriff’s office, Pickett said. 
“ He was hurt real bad,” the sheriff said. “ He could hardly talk and didn’t remember much of what happened.” 

Pickett said a deputy spotted the eastbound luxury car on State Hwy. ltf near the Pipe Creek community. 
U nits from B an d era and B exar counties as well as San Antonio Police 
D e partm en t Task F orce officers 

 chased the vehicle for three miles be­ fore halting the car, Pickett said. 
The 18-year-old man and a juvenile in the car were arrested without incident. 

TSTA urges ouster probe 

By MICHAEL QUINTANILLA 
An investigation into the su­ spension of two South San An­ tonio School District teachers was called for by District XX of the Texas State Teachers Assn. 
Saturday. 
The te a c h e rs involved are Raul 
Prado, who was installed as a district 
TSTA president Saturday night at an awards banquet, and Lorenzo Monroy, 
South San Teachers Assn. president­ elect. 
“ District XX will send mail-a-grams 

 to the governor and the commissioner of education with copies going to members of the State Board of Educa­ tion . . . deploring the action taken by 
SSASD,” Virginia Stacey, out-going 
TSTA District XX president said. 
Mrs. Stacey said District XX, repre­ senting 12,ooo members in 18 counties, would ask the agencies to “ investigate the suspension which is a violation of the constitutional rights of the two members from SSASD.” 
In a le tter w ritten to the two, teachers. Supt. Herbert Harper said 

Carter: Summit to seek nuclear pact 

ASSOCIATED PRESS 
LONDON — President Carter said Saturday night the United 
States and six other industrial nations meeting at a summit here will try to achieve a “com­ prehensive international agree­ ment’’ on the use of fuels for nuclear power production. 
The leaders of the top non-Commun- lst industrial nations pledged a coor­ dinated fight against inflation, unem­ ployment and trade b a rrie rs in the first round earlier Saturday of the two-day summit. 
However, the leaders did not agree on nuclear energy policy during six hours of talks at No. IO Downing St., official home of Britain’s prime min­ ister. 

Participants call eft the sessions unusually har­ monious 

C arter told reporters he and the other leaders agreed to appoint a panel of technicians "to try to study all of the facets of the p ro blem ,’’ which has become the key issue at the summit which continues Sunday. 
"There is such a diversity of interest and a deep concern about the future that we thought it was time to address this problem,” Carter told reporters after returning from an evening at 
Buckingham Palace. 

Carter and the other summit leaders dined with Queen Elizabeth II and members of the British royal family at a blacktie state dinner. 

Carter said the “ basic question” is how to guarantee adequate supplies of nuclear fuel for electrical production while guarding against misuse of the spent fuel to make nuclear explosives. 

He said the summit leaders unan­ imously agreed that “ unless we do take action, there will be a lot of other of the so-called threshold nations who will produce explosives in the future as 
India did a few years ago. And all of us 

See LEADERS, Page KIA 

 r 

 h m o n h m m m h i 
Inside the Express-News 

Action/Express................................IC 
A rts .................................... Magazine 
Business............................ Section G 
Classified........................... Section D 
Deaths............................................... HS 
Dedication Rewarded................. 3B 
Editorials........................................ 6H 
Horoscope...................................... SF 
M ovies............................... Magazine 
Politics............................................ 2H 
Chuckle 

Annoyed diner: “ you say you’re the sam e w aiter who took my order? Somehow I expected a much older m an.” 

Soap O peras..................................... 4C 
Sports....................................Section S 
W eather............................................IM 
COLUMNISTS 
Ann Landers.................................. 7E 
Dan Cook...........................................2S 
Dan Klepper..................................... SS 
Dear Abby...................................... IE 
Jack Anderson.............................. SH 
Paul Thompson.................. 
3A 

SA T U R D A Y S T E M P E R A T U R E S 

1 a m. 
73 
9 a rn. 
74 
S a m. 83 
2 a m. 
73: 
IO a.m. 
75 
6 p.m. 82 
3 a m . 
72 ll a m . 
76 
7 p m . 
82 
J a m. 
72 
Noon 
76 
8 p.m. 
81 
5 a m. 
73 
I p.m. 
78 
9 p.m. 8o 
6 a.m. 
73 
2 p.m. 
8o 
IO p m. 
79 
7 a m. 
73 
3 p.m. 
82 ll p m 78 
8 a.m. 
73 
4 p.m. 
82 
Midnight 77 

 rn 

Nuclear first strike may be too tempting 

 t 
1.1 ITH YEAR NO. 63 
216 PAGES 
■■■BM I 

ASSOCIATED PRESS 

WASHINGTON - New develop­ ments in strategic weapons could in­ crease dangers of nuclear war by tempting one of the two superpowers to launch an unanswerable first strike against the other, according to disar­ mament negotiator Paul Warnke. 

That would be “ because you fear you won’t be able to strike second,” de­ clared Warnke, director of the U.S. 
A rm s Control and D isa rm a m e n t 
Agency. Warnke goes to Geneva this weekend to meet with his Soviet coun­ terpart, Vladimir Semyonov. 
Before he left, Warnke was asked by reporters if he feels Moscow shares 
Washington’s view that there must be progress towards nuclear arm s limi­ 

 tations. He replied: 
“ I believe that the Soviet leadership does recognize that a strategic arms agreement would be in their own na­ tional self-interest. 
“ Both sides have the potential of improving the accuracy and yield of weapons. Now that would mean there would be some chance that the land- based intercon tin ental b allistic missiles (ICBMs) with ranges of up to 
4,ooo miles could be substantially des­ troyed by a first strike by the other side. 
“ Now as your ICBMs become both more dangerous and more vulnerable, there is a lowering of the nuclear threshold — and there is the tempta­ tion to strike first because you fear you won’t be able to strike second.” 

D em onstrator 

Laura Hatzenbuehler, 15, an Ursuline Academy sophomore, peers out from behind the Right-to-Life poster she carried during a 
1o-mile demonstration-walk on the North Side Saturday. Sporv sored by the San Antonio Right-to-Life Committee, the walk was to dramatize the rights of unborn children and protest legalizing 

Laetrile’s J 

 the fourth time around 

Prince Andrew plays the pauper 

PRINCE ANDREW 

Prince Andrew, se­ cond in line to the Bri­ tish throne, is playing the part of a wretched street urchin in a school production of the stage musical “ Oliver.” 
The 17-year-old prince has a small, non-speak­ 

 ing part in the play. based on the Dickens no­ vel, “ Oliver Twist.” 
Andrew said he en­ joys dramatics. He so­ metimes becomes bored with himself and likes to take on other roles, he explained. 

Franklin D. Roosevelt Jr., son of the late President, took his fourth wife Friday — Patricia Louisa 
Oakes, the adopted daughter of 
Nancy Oakes, Baroness Huenin- gen-Huene. 
The couple was married during ceremonies at 
Roosevelt’s 
63-year-old Clove Creek Farm es­ tate in Poughquag, N.Y. The mar­ riage was the first for Miss Oakes. 
27. 
Roosevelt has been married to 
Ethel duPont of the Wilmington, 
Del., family; Suzanne Perrin; and 
Felicia Warburg Sarnoff, the former wife of then-RCA executive 
Robert Sarnoff. 
THE ROOSEVELTS 

15-year-old to enter 
Princeton’s grad school 

J ^ 

A 15-year-old New 
York youth will become one of the youngest graduate students in the country when he begins his doctoral pro­ gram in mathematics at Princeton University next fall. 
Erie Jablow. a senior at Brooklyn College, is the youngest student w ho has applied for ad­ 

 mission to Princeton s graduate school. 
Erie started Brooklyn 
College at the age of ll soon after he completed the fourth grade. He al­ ready had started tak­ 

 ing college math 
■courses at the time. 

The youth’s father. 
Samuel Jablow, said the family never did anything to push Erie. 
Flip Side of the news 

See page 2M 

C O LIN SM ITH, London 
O b server C o rresp o n ­ dent, is being detained with six other journalists by the Zairean govern­ ment— AP Wirephoto 

California charged with legal overkill 

Gov. Edmund G. Brown Jr .’s legal counsel says 
California has an overabundance of laws, law students, law' schools, lawyers, judges and law­ suit-happy citizens. 
“ Californians are the most litigious people on earth,” J. Anthony Kline said in San Diego. 
He did not receive any applause during a 
2o-minute Law Day address Thursday to civilian and military lawyers who later expressed shock at his comments. He drew brief, polite clapping at the end. 
Kline castigated the profession for being un­ feeling and charging fees he views as too high. 
Urban aid to shift north 

MEW y o w TIMES SERVICE 

WASHINGTON - The House of 
Representatives is expected to pass a bill next week that would fundamen­ tally alter the federal government's approach to urban aid, shifting mil­ lions of dollars from the “ Sunbelt” area of the South and Southwest to the older cities of the Northeast. ll passed intact, the bill would bring the city of New York a windfall of more than a quarter of a billion dollars over the next three years in additional money for community revitalization 
Block grant 
The bill, which would also benefit most of the older, declining cities in the Northeast and Middle West, would renew the three-year-old community development block grant program, the government's chief program to aid the nation’s ailing cities. 

Had the formula by which the money is allocated been left unchanged, the chief beneficiaries of the measure ori­ ginally aimed at the elimination of slums and blight would have been such relatively prosperous cities as Fort 
Lauderdale. Fla., and Phoenix, Ariz. 
While the bill appears to remedy this, it does not address another widespread complaint — that not en­ ough money has gone to help the poor. 
The law says the program is meant principally for persons of low and mo­ derate income. 
Spread millions 
Since the program annually spreads millions in every congressional dis­ trict, there is scarcely more doubt that the bill to renew it will be passed and signed than there is that the sun will rise in the east tomorrow. 
The only question is whether the new alternative formula, which favors the 

Northeast because it relies heavily on the age of a city's housing and its population “ growth lag,” will survive intact an expected challenge on the 
House floor from Western congress­ men. 
The bill closely reflects the Carter adminisstration’s views. It raises the money available for community deve­ lopment by nearly a third, to $4.1 bil­ lion in each of the next two fiscal years and to $4.3 billion by 198o. making it one of the largest federal programs. 
The increase includes $4oo million a year for a new series of “ urban deve­ lopment action grants” requested by 
Patricia Ftoberts Harris, secretary of housing and urban development. They are intended to spur economic deve­ lopment in “ severely distressed" ur­ ban areas. 
Since 1974 the program has ear­ marked nearly $1o billion for more than 2.ooo localities for a wide variety 

 of capital-improvement and communi- ty-service projects, such as building neighborhood centers, upgrading streets and razing dilapidated build­ ings. 
It consolidates several narrower previous programs, including Model 
Cities, in which an urban city's allot­ ment depended on its skill at “ grants­ manship'' rather than real objective need. 
At first, there was little difference because cities were "held harmless.” meaning that they got no less than they did under the old programs. But as this provision was phased out in favor of a mathematical formula it quickly became apparent that the money was not going w here it was most needed. 

The administration proposed a dual-formula system, allowing the community to pick the best one. pincus 
■COfflPfMY H O U ST O N ST AT BR O A D ' 
BROADW AY* 
4 i n M c C u llo u g h 

PERHAPS THE LIGHTEST, COOLEST, MOST COMFORTABLE 
SPORTCOATS MADE are our shirting weight polyester/cottons. 
In easy-going blue and tan plaid by Kingsridge, $1oo, or classic blue/ white or tan/white gingham checks by Hasped $8o. 

Amarillo is likely site of 
Davis trial 

DOWNTOWN 9:3o TO 5:3o MON THRU SAT 
PARKING BEHIND DOWNTOWN STQRE. 
SUBURBAN 9:3o TO 6:oo MON. THRU SAT. 
ALL MAJOR CREDIT CARDS HONORED 

FORT WORTH (AF) — 
District Court Judge 
Tom Cave is expected 
Monday to name Amaril­ lo as the site and June 6 as the date for the murder trial of million­ aire industrialist Cullen 
Davis. 
Cave also is expected to disclose during the change of venue hearing whether or not be will remain as the presiding judge. 
According to published speculation, it appears 
Cave will surrender jur­ isdiction to District Court 
Judge George Dow leu of 
Amarillo if the trial is moved to the Panhandle community. 
Accused 
Davis, 43, is accused of killing two persons and wounded two others at his $6 million mansion last summer. He will be tried first for the shoot­ ing death of his step­ daughter, Andrea Wil- born. 12. 
A previous attempt to try 
Davis here ended 
April 13 in a mistrial when Cave cited a juror for misconduct. 
Davis has been jailed bere without bond since 
Aug. 2o, when murder charges were upgraded to capital murder — murder in the commis­ sion of another felony. 

Judges in live courts have upheld prosecutors' arguments that avis, in effect, burglarized his own home bv defying a divorce court restraining order barring him from the mansion. 

Davis also is charged with the capital murder of former Texas Chris­ tian basketball player 
Stan Farr, 3o, and the 

CULLEN DAVIS 

 attempted murder of 
Davis’ estranged wife 
Priscilla and Gus Gavrel 
Jr.. 22. 
Amarillo surfaced at midweek as the most li­ kely trial site when it was learned that Cave had toured the Potter County court and detention facilities. 
The Fort Worth judge met with 
Dowlen in 
Amarillo but neither would discuss details of that conference. 

ASSOCIATED PRESS 
WASHINGTON - Food and 
D rug C o m m issio n er Donald 
Kennedy says “ the entire medi­ cal and governmental establish­ ments have a credibility prob­ lem” with Laetrile. 

Laetrile, the so-called cancer drug, is banned by the federal government but is now legal in three states. 
In his first interview- since taking office, the new head of the controver­ sial Food and Drug Administration said the credibility problem stems in part from the inability of medical science to invent “ a magic bullet” to w ipe out cancer. 
Kennedy said the recent legalization of Laetrile by Alaska. Indiana and 
Florida and several federal court decisions permitting individual cancer patients to import the substance “ sig­ nal a profound frustration with a dis­ ease that is baffling and terrifying." 

Natural 
“ It's natural that people want a magic bullet.” Kennedy said. “ And the tragedy of that to me is that I think cancer is a very complicated multiple disease with almost certainly multiple causes for which there isn’t going to be a magic bullet. 
“ That’s why ifs proved such a knotty problem for basic biomedical research, and that in turn has supplied some of tho frustrations that fuel the 
Laetrile question." 
Laetrile is a popular name for amygdalin, which is derived from apricot pits and the pits of some other fruits. Its supporters claim the sub­ stance can cure, prevent or retard cancer, but the PDA says none of many scientific studies with laboratory an­ imals has produced evidence that it works. 
The FOA has rejected applications that Laetrile be marketed as a drug. 
Tins means that under federal law, interstate shipment of Laetrile is prohibited. The agency conducted two days of emotional public hearings last week in Kansas City, Mo., after a federal court ordered the agency to take evidence on both sides of the con­ troversy. 

Academic 

Kennedy, a 46-year-old biologist with three degrees from Harvard who has spent bis w hole career in the academic world, defended the FDA's position. 
“ Congress decided — wisely, I think 
— that the public deserves protection against drugs that falsely promise to deliver therapies." he said. But he conceded that this is a factor in the credibility problem. 
The lack of another “ magic bullet" and the ban on Laetrile, Kennedy said, 
“ mean that people who have cancer can’t get Laetrile, and for those people the rules seem like an ironic conspiracy to prevent them from get­ ting the relief they seek. 
“ But in fact, those rules were put in for what I think is a sensible purpose." 
The FDA maintains that if Laetrile were widely available, cancer patients might try it before accepting medical­ ly recognized treatment such as sur­ gery or chemotherapy, and the delay might unnecessarily cost them their lives. 
Investigate 

Asked if the FDA or anyone else has sought to investigate the cases of those who claim to have been cured by 
Laetrile, Kennedy said: 
"I don't know of any studies. The difficulty is that the only way to evaluate effectiveness is by a much more controlled procedure... You can find anecdotal evidence for a lot of things that just don't prove out in a controlled, quantitative measure... 
Some cancers — not enough — do show spontaneous remissions, and if those spontaneous remissions do happen to occur during (Laetrile) therapy, that can seem very convincing, but we’re trying to do more than that. 
“ All the previous remedies (includ­ ing Krebiozen IO years ago) had their lists of compelling anecdotes.’’ 
If the Laetrile debate continues long enough and enough people use it, Ken­ nedy said, the questions could even­ tually be settled by studies of Laetrile users. 
But he didn't advocate such studies and said, “ It would be the first drug ever to be tested seriously on a human population after having failed in ex­ perimental animals to exhibit any ac­ tivity causing remission of tumors.” 

DONALD KENNEDY 

In answer to other questions, the commissioner said: 
—He got some preparation for the controversy of his present job during the campus unrest of the 196os. 
"I think all of us who saw issues as being complex and saw a lot of right on both sides of the most polarized con­ troversies found themselves in the po­ sition of being criticized often and sometimes ritually." 
—It’s still too early to tell whether his efforts to explain the rationale for the FDA's planned ban on saccharin 
.has affected public opposition to the ban. 
—Kennedy is concentrating on recruiting “ middle and upper middle level scientific talent" for his agency, and he wouldn’t rule out the possibility that some top officials in the agency will be replaced. 
Engineer: 
I OO mpg system is fno hoax’ 

EL PASO (AP) — After looking at a reconditioned car that an El Paso man claims gets IOO miles per gallon of g&s, a national Energy Research and Deve­ lopment Administration (EDRA) en­ gineer said the system contains no fakery. 
In a copyrighted story Saturday, the 
El Paso Times reported that engineer 
Richard VV. Hem said he could find no faults in Tom Ogle's vaporized gas system. 
"I think, personally, and with strong conviction, that there is no hoax." 
Hem. supervisor of ERDA's research center at Bartlesville. Ohio, said. 
Analysis 
While impressed with Ogle's work. 
Hem said lie could not comment about the IOO mile per gallon claims. He said he would require a laboratory analy­ sis before commenting on the super mileage attributed to the 4,6oo pound 
197o Ford. 
The car recently made the 2o5-mile trip from El Paso to Deming, N.M. on less than two gallons of gas. Ogle claims to he the sole inventor of the vaporized fuel system that injects ga­ soline fumes into the cylinders. The 
Ogle system eliminates the need for a carburetor. 
Hem said the system seems to be in 
“ the rudimentary state of development with obviously much engineering refinement needed.’’ He added, though, that it is not unusual for new engineering concepts to need such refinements. 
Ingenuity 
The ERDA engineer was asked by U. 
S. Rep. Richard White, D-Tex., to come to El Paso to meet Ogle and analyze his fuel system. 
“ I applaud the inventor for his imagination and ingenuity and for developing a system that has such ap­ parent potential for the nation’s energy 
. situation,” said White. 

EXPRESS-NEWS 

Published coch saturday, Sunday and lobo? Day, Thanksgiving Po y, and on July 4, Christmas 
Day, New Y ea ' * Pay, when they occur Monday through friday Also pubbshed,Qn a M onday, when July 4, Christmas Day New Year i Day fall* on a pretedmg Sunday 
. 
By The Express New* Corporation 
R O &o« 21*1 
5on Antonio, T eio j 7829/ 
Second C h m Pottage Paid at 
San Antonio, Texas 
Registrant! corno ort,Coto de 2do clare el 79 de Enero 1922, en la Admin,,notion de Coercer en Nuevo Laredo. Tampr Memo 

All common,cotiont rltowld be oddrerted to Son Antonio Empress. Of Son Antonio News Thu newrpopet will not be rerponrible lot manurenptr or phoiogtophr not solicited, lot publication 

MAIL SUBSCRIPTION RATES 

Inside Teror 

Morning 8 Sundog 
Morning Only 
Evening 4 Sunday 
Evening Only 

Sunday Only 

 iPuces above include soles tor i 

I Mo 

SS 49 
S4 bs 
$5 o7 
SA 4 1 
S3 21 

6 MOS 
$28 11 
$23 9o 
$26 13 
$23 o5 
$16 15 

 t Yr 

$54 24 
$46 I I 
$5o 56 
$4 4 64 
$3o 85 

OTHER STATES 

Morning 4 Sundoy 
$ J J | 
$ 3 1 3 4 
$ 6 ' 12 
Mom,ng Only 
$5 2o 
$22 42 
$53 2$ 
Evening 4 Sundoy 
$ S i J 
$3o 2$ 
$58 99 
Evening Only 
$4 29 
$26 5o 
$51 43 
Sunday Only 
$3 48 
$16 9$ 
$32 24 

(Substnphons outwit f i l i i att net wkttft ta fox ) 

Home delivery monthly raft* rn San Antonio Morning and Sundoy, $3 4o per month iincludes 

 t o il 6-thy Morning only, S3 7o per month (includes to il Sundoy only - 4 Sundoy - S I.4 7 per month (includes to*} 5 Sundoy — S I 84 per month (includes ton). 
C O M BIN A T IO N RATE Morning, Evening, Saturday and Sunday, $4 35 per month 

Lawns* Beauty 
NURSERY 
* 
865o Bandera Road 

M i c e (Carpet) 
V K 
B a . . .Full. PALLET xP # mj. y«f. 
LESS THAN A FULL PALLET............... 
I . I 7 sq. yd 
(Weather Permitting) 
[Complete inventory of shrubs, trees & hardline*! 
J 
2 o % Discounted 
J 
COMPLETE E B E ® ! PRODUCTS AVAILABLE. 
TREES 
PLANTS 
SHRUBS 
SEEDS 

Come Visit Our Complete 6 
Acre 
Garden 
Center with everyday “FARM TO Y O U " 
PRICES And SAVE!! 

OPEN Daily 8-7 P.M. 
684-211o 

San Antonio EXPRfESS-NEWS— Sunday May 8 1977 
Andujar plays governor 

 problem: 
Credibility 

ANDUJAR 

Sen. Betty Andujar was sworn in Saturday as the first woman Republican governor-for-a-day. and predicted that a 
GOF woman would officially hold that office “ in the for­ seeable future.” 
“ My nomination would be. among others. Anne Arm­ strong,” said Mrs. Andujar, 64, of Fort Worth, following her elaborate inaugural ceremonies. Mrs. Armstrong, the former U.S. ambassador to Great Britain, is being touted as a possible Republican gubernatorial candidate in 1978. 
Asked if she would run for governor, Mrs. Andujar re­ 

 plied, “ Well, I’m going to enjoy this day. Then I'm going to contemplate my own future.” 
More than 1,ooo persons crowded into the Senate Chamber to watch Mrs. Andujar sworn into the ceremonial post by 
Chief Justice Joe Greenhill of the Texas Supreme Court 
As president pro tem of the Senate, Mrs. Andujar be­ comes governor when Gov. Dolph Briscoe and Lt. Gov. Bill 
Hobby are out of the state. 
Elected to the Senate in 1973, Mrs. Andujar is one of only two Republican state senators. 
For Roosevelt, it’s 

PAUL 
THOMPSON 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday M ay 8 I 9 7 7 
H 
 l ough guy Roth takes ’em on 

Radio tycoon Jack Roth is be­ leaguered by a bunch of young 
Mexican-Americans who’d like nothing better than to see his 
KONO license jerked. 
They call th e m se lv e s 
“ the 
Bilingual/Bicultural Coalition on Mass Me­ dia (BBC). 
Last week they wrote a letter to local radio and TV stations chastising Both and in effect telling the other station operators that they by golly better shape up if they know- what’s good for them. 

Specifically, the BBC accu ses Both and 
KONO of “ em ploym en t d iscrim in atio n against Mexican-Americans.” 

It says the Federal Communications Com­ m ission , over B B C ob jectio n s, renewed 
KONO’s broadcasting license in 1974. 

It says BBC then went to the U.S. Appeals 
Court, District of Columbia, whose justices now have “ reversed and remanded the FCC’s decision on KONO Badin.” 
And it adds: “ We expect, after interroga­ tories are completed, to force KONOJnto a 

 public hearing of the FCC here in San Antonio where they will be asked to explain their lack of Mexican-American employment." 
At the very least. Ja c k Both will be out th o u san d s of d o lla rs defen din g h im self against this outfit. 
The BBC for years has been h arrassin g radio and TV' stations here on a regular basis. 

Quite frankly, it has the station owners running scared, what with the juridical cli­ mate in the nation these days. 

In Jack Roth’s case, BBC m akes it plain it'll “ strongly urge” the FCC to move in and dictate changes at KONO, or revoke the sta­ tion’s license. 
Both, to do him justice, has been the only broadcaster in town to tell these aggressive. 

 table pounding young fellows where to head in. 
He knows that BBC, given enough leeway, will try to bulldoze the radio and TV stations into relinquishing power to put men and wo­ men on the air based on quality and talent only. 
Last week’s BBC letter went out o\er the sign atu re of Ram on V asquez y Sanchez, chairman of the board. 

“ No station is too big or too small to be allowed to discrim inate against Mexican- 
Americans or other minority,” he announces. 
Referring to local radio and television sta­ tions. he says, “ The BBC will vigorously monitor their employment practices during this upcoming re license period.” 
Elsewhere in the letter, he says, “ We hope 

 tile FCC will be forced by the courts to be more people-oriented instead of serving as a rubber stam p for broadcast lobbies.” 
For years Jack Both has been employing 
Mexican-Americans at KONO — something he ll clearly show at the FCC hearing, if there is one. 

But he decides how many and in what jobs. 

And apparently, since Both refuses to sit still for the harangues and loaded interroga­ tories of BBC visitors to KONO, he intends to go on doing .just that. 
To put it in a nutshell. Jack Both figures he has a right to be every bit as tough-talking, blunt, arrogant and opinionated as any young 
Turk from the BBG. 
Let’s hear it for this man! 
Krueger stresses private job hunt 

By SARA MARTINEZ 

Hispanics should not concentrate so­ lely on governm ent to provide e m ­ ployment opportunities, U.S. Bop. Bob 
Krueger said Saturday. 
“ Private enterprise provides the bulk of the nation’s employment and economic opportunities,” Krueger told national Image m embers at a break­ fast which ended their convention in 
San Antonio. 
Krueger suggested Hispanics form an insurance company and direct it to the needs of H isp an ics a c r o s s the country. 
“ This would be a source of gathering wealth which can be lent to Hispanic- 
Americans to help get them started,” he said. 
“ This access to borrowing power to financial leverage leads to economic growth.” 
Im age is a national organization concerned with federal, state, county and municipal employment of Hispan- ic-Americans. 
“ I think you need to look to private enterprise as well as the government,” 
Krueger told them. 
Appointments 

Krueger and former State Sen. Joe 
Bernal spoke on the lack of Hispanic appointments by the Carter Adminis­ tration. 
Bernal also took the opportunity to pledge his support to Krueger. The representative is expected to announce his c an d id a cy for U .S. Sen. John 
Tower’s seat this summer. 
“ There is a possibility this man could become more influential and ef­ fective,” Bernal said. “ And with his sensitivity to our needs, I think we should avail ourselves of the oppor­ tunity for a very fine senator.” 
Krueger said President Carter also is sensitive to the rights and aspira­ tions of minority groups across the country. n“ But there is no single group that has been so bypassed by his adminis­ tration so far as the H is p a n ic s ,” 
Krueger said. 
“ I think we all know what Hispanics did for Carter. They elected him. And you may not be able to tell now , but 
Mr. Carter understands that.” 
Krueger said Carter had acknow­ ledged he did not carry Houston, Dal­ las or other large metropolitan areas in Texas. 
“ He knows he was strong in the 
V alley, which is predom inan tly 
Hispanic,” Krueger said. 

They walked to stress plight of unborn child 

Beautiful little dancer 

PATRICIA CAVAZOS, 5, dancer from Columbia Heights Kindergarten class, prepares to go through her routine at the Mexican-American 
Bilingual-Bicultural Awareness Day at San Jose Mission. The cele­ bration was co-sponsored by the Harlandale School District and the mission. 
STAFF PHOTO BV PAT HAMILTON 

Bv ALAN BAILEY 

Some 2oo pro-life supporters staged a 1o-mile walkathon on 
Mothers’ Day weekend Saturday to dram atize the plight of the unborn child. 
“ This Mothers’ Day Weekend Wal­ kathon is primarily to dramatize the pro-life position, and it’s also a key fu n d -ra isin g p r o je c t,” sa id Steve 
Welden, executive director of the San 
Antonio Bight to Life Committee. 
The walkathon attracted people of all ages, from a 62-year-old nun to many pre-teenagers. 
The nun. Sister Beatrice Hogan, a teach er at In carn ate Word High 
School, was the oldest person among the walkers. 
“ I wanted to show my support for this movement. I told my students I gvas going to walk until I couldn’t walk any more,” said Sister Beatrice. t h e walkathon also brought som e joggers and runners out. 
Health reasons 

“ I cam e for health reasons and to su ppo rt my fa th e r,” said Jo h n E. 
Dallmann, a San Antonio policeman, who said Saturday’s weather was ideal for running. “ B ’s good weather. Cool and no intense heat.” 
D allm an n ’s father. John Ii. D all­ mann, is a director of the Bight to Life 
Committee. 
The senior Dallmann said, “ This is an issue that’s not just for Catholics. 
It’s for all Christians. I am a Luther­ an.” 
A friend of the younger Dallmann, 
Leroy Harvey, a training director for the San Antonio Police Department, w as alon g to jo g and brought his 
13-year-old daughter, Carol. 
“ I f s a good cau se ,” said Harvey, 
“ plus I think my daughter is becoming a professional in walkathons.” 
Lose weight 

Carol said Saturday’s walkathon was her third in a month, one for 2o miles and the other for 15 miles, and she plans to be in another walkathon next week for retarded citizens. 

Alamo history re-enacted 

By DAVID MCLEMORE 

The rap id click of c a m e ra shutters nearly drowned out Col. 
W illiam B. T r a v is ’ words S a ­ turday as once again he stood before the Alamo Chapel. 
Scattered applause greeted Travis as he drew his sword and marked a line, giving the sm all band of Alamo de­ fenders the option of staying or leav­ ing. 
Travis also goes by the name of Kirk 
D. Lyons and studies history at the 
University of Texas. The defenders co n sisted of stu d en ts, a r tis ts and working people from Austin, Seguin, 
San Antonio and Gonzales. 

He drew his sword and marked a line, giving the small band o f Alamo de­ fenders the option of staying or lea ving 

They gathered at the Alamo to reen­ act the fam ous drawing-of-the-line scen e of 1836 when the A lam o d e ­ fenders fell before Mexican soldiers. 
It’s only the third time in history it has been done. The tourists loved it. 
P articip atin g in the reenactm ent were the Texas Living History Assn. and the Gonzales Gunfighters. They were invited to reenact a little Texas history by the Daughters of the Ke- 

 public of Texas and the Children of the 
Republic of Texas. 
Mike Waters, a San Antonio illus­ trator and member of the TLHA, said, 
“ We did this March 6 and the DRTs asked us back so those who didn’t see it then could have a chance. 

“ As far as we can tell, when we did it last March, it was the first time it had been reenacted since 1836, when Travis 

COL. W ILLIAM B. TRAVIS (Kirk Lyons), right, gives the men of the Alam o the choice to leave or to stay 
STAFF PHOTO BY DAVID MclfcMOKt 

 really did do it. This, of course, makes the third time.” 
Bob House, brought his sturdy band of Gonzales Volunteers to once again help out Col. Travis and his Regular 
Army troops. 
House and the Gonzales boys, be­ decked in buckskin and c a r r y in g still-lethal looking flintlock rifles, had to wait around for Travis and his hand. 
Finding parking space was a prob­ lem the o rigin al A lam o d efen d ers never had to worry about. 
“ It’s a good thing this didn’t happen in 1836 or we would all still be speaking 
Spanish,” one defender muttered. 
W aters sa id his group re e n a cts scenes from U.S. history as a hobby. 
House’s bunch from Gonzales collect and renovate old weapons and preserve the western heritage. 
It did n ’t m atter why they did it, however. The crowd of tourists grew larger waiting for Travis and his men. 
When the Texans began their act, the cam eras kept clicking. 
YMCA accepting camp applications 

Northwest Family YMCA is accept­ ing applications for its Summer Day 
Camping programs. 
The YMCA will be operating four day cam ps designed for children ages 
3 through 14. 

The cam ps are Camp Noweydaea, 
Camp Tumbleweed, Adventure Camp and Camp Little Foot. 
Sessions at the different cam ps will be held between May 31 and Aug. 5. 

Activities offered include archery, swimming, cam p crafts, nature lore, arts and crafts, gam es and hiking. 

For registration form s and more d e ta ils, call the YMCA office at 
735-9231 or come by the office at 435 E. 
Sunshine Drive. 

'I told my students I leas going to until I couldn't walk anymore' 

“ Well, I think if s a good cause, too, and b e sid e s I need to lose som e weight,” said Carol. 
Joining the walkers was City Coun­ cilman Budy Ortiz, who said, “ Some people told me a politician shouldn’t get involved in issues that don’t con­ cern city government. 
“ But this issue does concern city government. The right to life is our first and most basic right,” said Ortiz, also saying he would work for a pro-life amendment to the U.S. Constitution. 
Welden stressed the fund-raising aspects of the walkathon. “ Our support is solely from contributions. We re­ ceive no tax d o lla rs or foundation grants like the other side does.” 
The Rev. John Hagee, pastor of the 
Castle 
Hills 
Church, a noil-de­ nominational church, talked to the group before m em bers started their walk. 
The Rev. Mr. Hagee, dressed in a red b la z e r and holding his infant daughter, said, “ People gel incited over Hitler killing six million Jew s. 
But we are killing a million and a half babies every year. 
“ When does life began? Life begins 

 at the liniment of conception,” said the Rev. Mr. Hagee, who then cited several excerpts from the Scriptures of 
God communicating with the unborn child. 
Also on hand for the walkathon was retired Air Force Col. Charles Head, 
6(1. “ I just became a grandfather re­ cently. 
"And from my experience in the Air 
Force, I have learned that lib' is va­ luable,” said Head. 
The walkers 1o-mile course started at the Castle Hills Church at 11141o and 
Boleto Drive, along the 11141o access road to the Hilo access road to Wurz- bach Road to Loekhill-Selma Road to N 
W Military Drive and back to 11141o access road to the church. 
Street will be closed today 

L as M oras Street between Buena 
Vista and West Commerce streets will be closed from about IO a.m. to 8 p.m. 
Sunday, weather permitting. Watch for detour signs. 
Argentine fair is rescheduled 

An Argentine Trade F a ir with about 4oo exhibitors has been rescheduled for Oct. 24-3o in San 
Antonio, fair m anager W. A. 
Newland said Saturday. 
“ These new dates will expedite and insure an even greater and more sue- 
Sunday 
1 ideas 

Indoors, 
% outdoors, all around the River City 

(F re e events, unless otherwise indicated, for you and your fam ily today.) 
F E S T IV A L — M arket Square a annual Cinco de 
M ayo celebration from noon to m idnight. 
T H E A T E R — 
C hurch T h e a te r s " P r iv a t e 
Lives" at 3 p.m. at the theater, USO S. Alam o St. 
Tickets are 44. 
C O N C E R T — 
The San A n to n io S ym p h o n y 
Woodwind Quintet at 3 p m, at F irst P resbyterian 
Church, 4o8 Fourth St. 
T H E A T E R — 
M elo dram a T h e ate r s 
Tinder 
Treachery or W here There s Smoke There's F ire " at 6:15 p.m. Tickets are J3 for adults and 42 for children under 12. 
CO NTEST — 
R iver Square's " D ra w Your Own 
M other" contest bv the m arketplace. 
DOG SHOW The Bexar Bulverde Volunteer F ire 
Departm ent's "Fun M atch" tartin g at 9 a.m . at 
Bulverde M iddle School. 

 cessful lair,” Newland said. The lair had tentatively been scheduled for May 
16-22. 
Newland of Century International 
Trading Ce., the fair’s sponsor, said ever 5,ooo buyers from all ever the world had been invited. 
"We have been planning the fair for ever a year and a half. Argentina is very interested and the government will make a commitment lo put up 4o per cent of the exhibiters’ expenses for a fair in 1978.” 
Non-government 
Newland said the sponsoring com ­ pany had ne financial com mitm ents from the Argentinian government for the 1977 fair. 
Century International Trading Ce., a group of local import/export business­ men had been approached in January. 
Newland said several of the busines- men had been approached by Argen­ tinian traders at the airport in Buenos 
Aires. 
“ They wanted us to try and sell some of their goods for th em ,” Newland said. "B u t we ended up losing about half the goods.” 
The fair will feature Argentinian footw ear, clothin g, le ath e r goo ds, jewelry, perfumes, mining equipment, hardwoods and hardware. 
“ We will run the fair on a break-even basis. And we will try to use as many 
San Antonio businesses and services as possible,” Newland said. 

THE PERFECT GRADUATION GIFT! 
OUR FAMOUS 
BERMUDA BAG 

In two sizes with a multi­ tude of assorted prints and solid button-on covers to choose from. 

W O O D OR BAMBOO FRAMES. . . 

$ 1 o.o o TO $16.oo 

COVERS . . . $6.oo TO $1o.oo 

M O NO G R AM M IN G AVAILABLE 
Shown in white eyelet 

THE HARRIS SHOP FOR PAPPAGALLO 

671o NORTH NEW BRAUNFELS 
828-2281 
Master Charge and BankAmericard Accepted 

H 
San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday May 8 1 977 
DERRY 

 horse with such great speed it was sort of easy.” 
Seattle Slew and For The Moment made a two-horse race of ii most of the way as they took turns holding a narrow lead. For The Moment, on the rail, moved to a full length lead over the favorite near the three-quarter mark but then Cruguet urged Seattle 
Slew on and the great horse responded, moving back ahead. 
At the head of the stretch Cruguet went to the whip for the first time and 
Slew sailed into overdrive, galloping to a three-length lead. That killed the challenge of F or The Moment. His moment was over and others took up the hunt. 
Nine times C ruguet flicked his whip at Slew in the stretch hut they we're only taps, underhanded reminders to complete the business at hand. 
-FINISH- 

1. Seattle Slew 
2. Run Dusty Run 
3. Sanhedrin 
4. Get the Axe 
5. Steve's Friend ti. Papelote 
7. Giboulee 
8. For the .Moment 
9. Affiliate 
1o. Flag Officer 
11. Rob’s Dusty 
12. Sir Sir 
13. Nostalgia 
14. Western Wind 
15. Rest Person 

For The Moment, despite desperate whip whacks from jockey Angel Cor­ dero, was smooth out of gas when he hit the stretch and the horse that of­ fered half the thrills throughout most of the d istance finished a poor and fading eighth. 
The time was 2:o2. 1/5 on the fast track, nothing sensational and far off 
Secretariat’s track record of 1:59 2/5, set in the 1973 derby. 
Comparisons 
But comparisons of these two ani­ m als is certain to continue because 
Seattle Slew has something Secretariat never had after his initial race — an undefeated record. 
Karen Taylor is listed officially as the ow ner of Slew. It was her request to her husband to buy her “ a horse to ride” that first got the Taylors in the racing dodge four y ears ago. Still, husband Mickey does most of the talk­ ing about the sleek Slew. 
Mickey admitted to being slightly worried about the way Slew broke in the race. “ He doesn’t have to be out in front to run well but when he broke so poorly and took so long — all the way to the first turn — getting free of the pack 
I was slightly worried,” Taylor said. 
But the owner, Mrs. Taylor, didn’t share that concern. “ I just knew that hi' would get through and when he did I felt sure that he would win,” she1 said. 
And tin' jockey, Cruguet? lie just can’t say enough nice things about this horse that brought him his first Ken­ tucky Derby victory. “ You talk about the Triple Crown. I give you a guar­ antee that we’ll win next time out.” the 

Roaming the derby 

SPEC!Al TO THE EXPRESS-NEW S 
LOUISVILLE, Ky. - A light rain and the threat of thunder­ showers put a damper on the mood in the infield at Churchill 
Downs Saturday for the day of 
1o3rd running of the Kentucky 
Derby. 
• 
At Epsom, the famous race track in 
England, the c r y ’on a rainy day is, 
“ Put that bumper down.” 
In the infield here, the few persons carrying um brellas in the crowd of 
7o,ooo were told in simple, crude terms 

 k in d s to Churchill D o w n s/ 
5/ top, of Sussex, W is., to 

AP W IREPHOTO 

D E R B Y FEVER a ttra c ts ail ra n gin g from K e lly Smith, 
Law rence Caner, below , of M a d iso n v ille , Ky., w h o ’s, well, a little older than Kelly. 

Frenchman said in his rather chopped 
English. 

The “ next time out,” of course, is the Preakness, a slightly shorter race than the derby. 
Seattle Slew was insured for $3 mil­ lion before he even set foot on this 
Churchill Downs track. His worth must have at least doubled Saturday after­ noon about three minutes a fter the gathering sang the traditional “ My Old 
Kentucky Home.” 
The crowd, fourth largest in derby history, must have had a goodly share of su rc-th in g sports. Even though 
Seattle Slew was bet down to 1-2 on the nose (you put up $2 to win just $1) there was more than a quarter of a million wagered on him to place and exactly $178,117 on him to show. 

11£y( ii***■• cjf** r * 

 what they could do with their cloud covers. 
“ For $1o to get in here, we deserve better than to get drenched ,” com ­ plained Mark Kenney of Louisville. 
“ It's bad enough, not being able to see 
•the damn Derby.” 
☆ ☆ ☆ 
One fan among the infield’s 7o,ooo fans left early, and it wasn’t because of the weather. 
“ He was knifed,” said Dr. Leonard 
Kaplonski, an adviser with the J e f ­ ferson County Police D ep artm ent’s emergency medical squad. “ He was 2o or 21. a male, from out of state, and he was stabbed in the left flank with a very sharp instrument, in the area of the kidney. It’s serious." 
“ We don’t know who did it. No one’s been apprehended. We only know the knifing happened as the man was coming out of the tunnel entering the infield,” said Col. Russ McDaniel, the chief policeman on the beat. 
“ Most of the fights out h e r e .” 
McDaniel added, “ are the end result of too much alcohol. Someone steps on someone else’s blanket, or knocks over their food or drink. For the 1ooth derby 
(in 1974) we had 1oo,ooo people packed in, rail-to-rail people. That was bad, but 1967 was the worst. 
“ We arrested 5oo kids. We don’t ex­ actly know what started it, except there was a lot of football feeling in the middle of it. The end result was ll of our troops in the hospital, one with a fractured jaw , one with broken ribs, another with a broken arm, and many 
.with concussions.” 
☆ ☆ ☆ 
Saturday’s multitude was well-be- haved, by comparison. Two volleyball 

 g am es were in constant progress. 
About KW) frisbees soared between the eighth poles. There was the usual quo­ ta of drinking, smoking, loving, even some occasional watching of the race. 
“ They fight a little, pop a little mething, smoke whatever’s available*, and try to stay alive,” observed Bill 
Wetter, a policeman. 
“ The biggest problem is our feet,” said Lt. Leon (Joss. “ Y our typical candidate for big trouble here, for our medical unit, is the guy walking a r­ ound in his bare feet, drinking beer from an aluminum pull-tab can. Theb he wonders why he winds up here with a bleeding foetor worse.” 
☆ ☆ ☆ 
The derby infield annually offers a m ess of midwestern youth, most of whom are determined to get drunk or broke, or both, before the Derby is rut* 
Michigan State had the largest group. with many East Lansing students fol­ lowing their band to this horse palace. 
T-shirts outnumbered no shirts IO to 
I. “ Seattle Who?” one asked. “ I Love 
You, Seattle Slew,” another replied. 
The day’s most popular jersey, how­ ever, was a white one with red letter on the front, worn by many of the fillies. 
“ You Wanna Horse Around?” it asked 

☆ ☆ ☆ 
„ 
Occasionally, almost as an aftert^-; ought, the infield fans’ attention fo­ cused on a horse race. The gates had opened at 8 a.m. The first of IO races left the gate at 11:3o. 
“ I’m betting $5 to place. $5 to show on Sanhedrin.” declared Suzie Wall- man of Kankakee, 111. “You’re wasting your money,” warned Tim Clarkson, her boyfriend. 
SEALY 'BIG 4' BEDDING SALE! 

Sealy's ‘Big 4' bedding sale, exclusively at Joske's! Choose from 4 sizes, in 4 firmnesses, with 4 different covers, at 4 special sale prices! Take advantage of this sale now to save on a new mattress, replace an old, sagging mattress or buy the mattress you've been wanting for your guest bedroom. Also, enjoy great values on Sealy's quality Posturepedic Hotel Sleep System, exclusively at Joske's: twin, 9 8 .o o ea. pc.; full, 

1 1 8 .o o ea. pc.; queen, 2 9 8 .o o 2-pc. set; king, 4 3 8 .o o 3*pc. set. Bedding, Downtown, North Star, Windsor Park, Las Palmas and Austin. 

 m m 

■QUEEN, 2 

^ F A I Y 
SMOOTH SLEEP 

TW IN , EA. P C . 

# Q U E E N , 2-PC . SE T i ^ Q U E E N , 2-PC. SE T 
Q U EEN , 2-PC . SE T 
*228 

PC 
SET 

SEALY 
PRIDE OF TEXAS 

S F A ! Y 
SMOOTH SLEEP 
SEALY 
FIRM FLEX 
SEALY 
HOTEL SUPREME 

KIN G, 3-PC. S E T 
KIN G, 3-PC . SE T 
*298 

KING 
PC 
SET 
KIN G , 3-P C . S E T i 
$o 71o 
S F A I Y 
SMOOTH SLEEP 
SEALY 
PRIDE OF TEXAS 
SEALY 
FIRM FLEX 
SEALY 
HOTEL SUPREME 

SEALY 
PRIDE OF TEXAS 

TW IN , EA. PC. 

$ 

IN STOCK, READY FOR IMMEDIATE DELIVERY! 
ASK ABOUT OUR CONVENIENT MAJOR PURCHASE BUDGET PLAN! 
MSK E’S 
A UNIT or ALLIED STO RES 

SHOP ALL STORES MONDAY IO 'TIL 9! 

FULL, EA. PC 
FULL, EA. PC 
*86 

FULL, EA. PC 
*75 
SEALY 
FIRM FLEX 
SEALY 
HOTEL SUPREME 

S F A ! Y 
SMOOTH SLEEP 
SEALY 
PRIDE OF TEXAS 

FULL, EA. P C 

TW IN , EA. PC 
TW IN , EA. PC 

SEALY 
HOTEL SUPREME 
SEALY 
FIRM FLEX 

•i 
I 

Over $25o,ooo of current summer sportswear fashions now sale priced! 
SAVE 

Hurry in for our fabulous once-a-year sale on misses' and women's size sportswear from Sun Country Sports- w ear; Today's Woman and the Plaza Sportsw ear departments. Save now on famous label designs in a variety of colors and styles just in time for summer wearing! 

COORDINATES k 
( I W / 
SAVE s J X j / O 

Orig. 
14.oo-25.oo... Now 
7.oo-12.oo. 
Misses polyester coordinates, Sun Country Sportswear 

TOPS, SHORTS U f \ V * / 
SAVE OVJ /O 

Orig. 9.oo...Now 4.So. Misses' solid or stripe tops and solid shorts, Sun Country Sportswear 

POLYESTER K 
O 
U 
PANTS V * 

Orig. 11.OO...Save 39% . Misses' famous label polyester pants, Sun Country Sportswear. 

SLEEVELESS 
M 
SHELLS 

Orig. 7.oo...Save 43% . Misses' polyester sleeve­ less shells in two styles. Sun Country Sportswear 

COTTON TOPS 
SAVE 

Orig. 7.oo-12.oo Now 3.5o-6.oo. Misses' cotton tops in bright summer colors, Plaza Sportswear 

SAVE 

Orig. 15.oo-27.OO...Now 7.5o-18.9o. Misses' famous label seersucker, solid, and neutral coordinates, Sun Country Sportswear 

SAVE 

Orig. 2o.oo-48.oo...Now 14.oo-28.8o. Misses famous label coordinates, Plaza Sportswear 

BE HERE AT IO A.M. SHARP! 

 w 

San A ntonio EX P R ESS-N EW S— Sunday M a y 8 I 9 7 7 

 rn rn 
< 

 t i 

I 

 ii 

 si fkm 

 wm 

W 

Mg 

Take a shine to men’s patent leathers and save $8 
97 
SALE 

Regular $29.99 21 p r. 

Handxnm* s h pons are as fashion conscious a> the clothes you'll wear them with! Genuine patent leather uppers feature smooth leather vamp in matching or contrasting shades. 
Long-wearing leather sole. ru bb er heel. Buy sizes 712-11. I-. 13D in white, tan, black or brown. 

• The Shoe Place 

Sale price good thru May I 4th 

SAI LE! 2o> off 

Roughhouses western jeans. 

Boys’ sizes 3 to waist sizes 34 
... iii ci s* sizes 3-6x 

6 39 

R o u g h h o u se s™ jeans. One of our reall\ r u g g ed wearing jeans from the shop whose name tells it all: “ Tough Jean s Territory . 
Why do they wear like crazy’.'' B e c a u s e they Ye a special blend of 
D u P o n t R Dacron® polyester ami cotton P e r m a - F r e s t denim . 
'5.49 Girls'/boys' sizes 3-6\ reg., s l i m ...............................................................4..39 
*6. 49 Boys' size- 8-16 reg. . s l i m ..............................................................................5 . 1 9 
"7.49 Boys' Husky Plus waist sizes 27-34 inches ......................................... 5 . 9 9 
*7.99 Students' waist sizes 27-34 in c h e s ............................................................6..39 

Sale prices good thru May 16th 

SEARS, ROEBUCK AND CO. 

Roughhousers™ jeans from our 
Tough Jeans Territory 

Sears has a credit plan to suit most every need 

Western classics 
Tough to beat and easy to wear 

Save S1 on jeans 
Regtdar s8.99 
Save s2 on shirts 
Regular v9.99 
799 

 each 

Heavyweight cotton denim jeans that are made for wear, with a slight flare that fits over boots. Even fade after washing. Poly­ ester and cotton western style shirts in sol­ ids and prints. Long sleeves and long stay- in tails. 

Sale price good thru May 14th 

Where America shops 
Satisfaction Guaranteed or Your Money Back 

Downtown Plaza Store 
Soledad at Navarro 
Mon. and Thurs. 9:3o-9 
All other days 9:3o-6 

Military Drive Store at Pleasanton Rd. 
Mon. thru Sat. 
9:3o-9 

Central Park Store 
San Pedro at Loop 41o 
Mon. thru Sat. 
9:3o-9 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday May 8 1977 

Long dresses with jackets or coats for weddings and special occasions 
Save *7 
2499 

Regular $32 

You want a gown that is quite frankly sensational. How about something that pours over the body, has bared shoul­ ders, plunging or gathered neckline? 
Long lacy coat to a short bolero jacket for cover. In solids, patterns. Misses’ sizes 8 to 2o. Half sizes 14 V2 to 24 V2 . 
In our Dress Department 

Sale price good thru May 14th 

In our Dress Department 

Save 3o% 

Stretch ’n Cross bra lifts and separates beautifully 
2 for ^7 
Regular $5 each 

Stretchy hands above, below and in between cups help to lift and separate, while adjust­ able stretchy straps offer free-moving com­ fort. Choose sizes 34 to 42, B or C cups. 
Hep. 
Sale 
Contour-cup bra each $5.oo 
2 for $7.oo 
Padded-cup bra.........each S5.5o 
2 for 7.7o 
Available in white. 

Sleecret molded brief smooths and shapes you 
429 
Regular $6.oo 
Sale prices good thru May 14th 

Molded back and center back seam for added derriere definition. Front and side panels offer firm tummy control and hip-smoothing comfort. White. Choose from sizes M to XXL. 
Reg. 
Sale 
Slack companion .................... 
$9.oo 
6.29 
Midleg panty girdle .......................$7.5o 
5.19 

In our Figure Shop 

Sale prices good thru May 14th 

SEARS, ROEBUCK AN D CO 
Where America shops 
Satisfaction Guaranteed or Your Money Back 

Sale! 

Sears entire line of 
Tradition® diamond fashion jewelry 

 except engagement and wedding rings 
42 to$49o 

Regular $53 to $612 

» f' 

 b. 

V 

Sears lovely Tradition diamonds, many en­ hanced with brilliant rubies or sparkling sap­ phires, are on sale. Sears large collection in­ cludes fashion rings, pendants, cocktail rings and earrings. Do your spirits need raising? 
Come in, prices are down. 

Shown: 
Regular 
Sale 

 a . 1/7o ct. Pendant ............................................. $ 53 
$ 42 

 b. Diamond Earrings (1/7o ct. each) ...............$ 87 
$ 7o 

 c. Sapphire and Diamond Cocktail K ing 
$612 $49o 

 d. Sapphire and Diamond Fashion R in g.........$297 $238 e. Diamond and Sapphire Fashion K in g.........$253 $2o2 f. Sapphire and Diamond Pendant..................$225 $18o g. Diamond Earrings (1/8 ct. each) ................$182 $146 

Lifetime trade-in 

Sears allow s you full cash price paid (exclusive of taxes and finance 

 charge) on any Tradition diam ond ring, pin, earrings in trade for a 

 higher priced diam ond at any tim e. 
Buy Sears diamonds with confidence 

B ecause diam ond weights are seldom iden tical, approxim ate carat 

 w eights are shown. Sears gives you a C arat W eight Certificate w hich 

 states the exact weight, to on e-hundredth of a carat, of every T ra d i­ 

 tion center diam ond of 1 /2 o carat or m ore. 

Jew elry enlarged to show detail 

In our Jewelry Department 

Colorful scuffs for the casual life 
99 

Machine-washable, foam-cushioned scuffs 

 tuck into your suitcase when you’re travel- 

 bound, and are ideal for beach or pool­ 

 side. Pick them up in bright or pastel 

 colors for yourself, family and friends! 

In an assortment for S,M,L or XL sizes! 

In our Hosiery Department 

Downtown Plaza Store 
Soledad at Navarro 
Mon. and Thurs. 9:3o-9 
All other days 9:3o-6 

Military Drive Store at Pleasanton Rd. 
Mon. thru Sat. 
9:3o-9 

Central Park Store 
San Pedro at Loop 41o 
Mon. thru Sat. 
9:3o-9 

Handy Andij 

PHOTO 
SUPER PRINTS 
AND THEN SOME 

W A S H IN G T O N 
FANCY U . S n o 

C SfAPE a FRUIT 

C O U P O N 
C O U P O N 

SUPER SAVINGS 
AND THEN SOME 
C O U P O N 

 h o , r n 

C O U P O N 
BREAKFAST COMBOS 

BAKERY 
SUPER VALUES 
\ND THEN SOME 

 ing Butter 

BEER a WINE 
SUPER VARIETY i 
AND THEN SOME i 

NOW OPEN 
2 HANDY ANDY ph arm acys 

 w i s c o n s i n © 
SWISS c 
KITCHEN FR ES m a c a r o n i 

IT'S OUR 51st BIRTHDAY AND TO CELEBRATE WE'VE ROUNDS) UP A HERD OF TEXAS STYLE VALUES FOR YOU. PLUS 

A super supermarket and then some 
HANDY ANDY 
YEARS 

•s e r v in g 
YI ii I fi E K f 
APPLE OF 
OUR EYE! 

- ' i| 
' s ■» 

THESE SPECIALS GOOD THRU MAY 1 

\ • 
COUNTRY STYLE OR BUTTERMILK 
PILLSBURY 
VELVEETA 
BISCUITS6 1F CHEESE.... 
KODAK 'THE HANDLE' 
SNAPPY WINESAPS, JUICY RED AND 
GOLDEN DELICIOUS ON SALE NOW! 
WITH EACH FILLED GOLD BOND 
STAMP SUPER DISCOUNT BOOK 
INSTANT 
CAMERA 
$41188 

WITH EACH FILLED GOLD BOND 
STAMP SUPER DISCOUNT BOOK 

LEAN, TENDER, CORN FED PORK . 
CHOOSE YOUR FAVORITE NOW! 
/ 4 STICK -IL B . CARTON 
SALAD DRESSING - 32 OZ. JAR 
HANDY ANDY EX-FINE GRANULATED 
IMPERIAL 
MARGARINE 
MIRACLE 
WHIP...... 

EACH 
WITH EACH FILLED GOLD BOND 
STAMP SUPER DISCOUNT BOOK 
PR-1oKODAK 
INSTANT FILM 
FRESH NORTHERN CORN FED PORK 
VARIETY PACK, CENTER & END CUTS 
ARMOUR STAR 
• 
JUMBO ROLL BRAWNY 
SLICED 
1< BACON 
49 
PAPER 
TOWELS 
POUK 
CHOPS 

COLOR 
GOLD MEDAL 
5 LBS. 
FLOUR 

WITH EACH FILLED GOLD BOND 
STAMP SUPER DISCOUNT BOOK 
• 
WITH EACH FILLED GOLD BOND 
• 
STAMP SUPER DISCOUNT BOOK 

WE USE 
KODAK PAPER 

& CHEMICALS 

2-8 OZ. TUBS BLUE BONNET 
MARGARINE..................... 65* 

MAXWELL HOUSE -1o OZ. JAR 
INSTANT COFFEE 
$3.89 

HEFTY - 2o COUNT BOX - LARGE 
WASTE BAGS..................... 89* 

KLEENEX PRINT OR ASSORTED 125 COUNT 
BOUTIQUE FACIAL TISSUE. . . 45* 

PURINA $1 OO OFF LABEL 
DOG CHOW............. 5o bag $9.79 

SOFREE 
PLUS-PROCESSING AND DEVELOPING 
OF YOUR COLOR NEGATIVES! 
GOLD BOND STAMPS 
FRESH 
COUNTRY STYLE 
LOIN END 
3 -4 LB. AVERAGE 
LEGG’S HOSIERY 
SPARE 
PORK 
CHOPS 

COUPON GOOO THRU W ED , MAV l l , 1*77 I (MIT I COUPON PER FAMILY 
| COUPON GOOO THRU W ED MAV 11 1*77 LII 
COUPON PER FAMILY 

FRESHUS.NO. 1 JUICY 
LIMES.............. 

U.S. NO. 1 FRESH TENDER 
ZUCCHINI SQUASH. 

U.S. NO. 1 HOMEGROWN 
CRISP CARROTS . . 

SOFREE 
GOLD BOND STAMPS 
H A N D Y A N D Y 16 OZ. CTN 
MINUTE MAID-12 OZ. CAN 
COTTAGE CHEESE 
COUPON GOOO THRU W fO M A V l l . 1*77 L IM IT I COUPO N P IR FAM ILY 
| COUPON GOOO THRU W ED M A V 11 1977 LIM IT I CO UPO N P IR FAM ILY 

HANDY ANDY -16 OZ. CARTON 
2o* os rn s Introductory Offer 
COTTAGE 
CHEESE 

MERICO 1o COUNT TUBE 
HOMESTYLE OR BUTTERMILK 
TEXAS STYLE 

SAVE 
FRESH LEAN 
GROUND BEEF................ lb. 99* 

ROEGELEIN SIGNATURE QUALITY 
SLICED BOLOGNA, PIMENTO BOLOGNA, 
SALAMI OR 
-n y 
LUNCHEON M EAT.. . . pkg! 45* 

BEEF OR MEAT - 12 OZ. PKG. 
RATH WIENERS.................. 65* 

HANDY ANDY MEDIUM CHUNK - 1o OZ. PKG 
CHEDDAR CHEESE 
$1.o9 

GOLD BOND STAMPS 
WITH A TOTAL PURCHASE OF 
$1o.oo OR MORE 
EXCLUDING WINE, BEER Et CIGARETTES 
THIS COUPON EXPIRES MAY 11TH 
; 
LIMIT ONE COUPON PER PERSON 

ON FOREMOST 
HALF GALION 
ICE CREAM 

5TO,u c o u f o n :« s*:-sss-. e s < * p * io lM |& < 2 < 

Am CoppertoneMk 

SKIPPER-2 CELL 
8 INCH 
12 OZ. PKG. - TOWNHOUSE OVAL 
WATERPROOF 
FLASHLIGHT 
KEEBLER 
CRACKERS 

COPPERTONE TROPICAL BLEND 
EACH 
EACH 
TANNING 
BOTTER 

****** 
EVEREADY 
I PAK‘C 

KRAFT, 
PACKAGE OF 1o 
BUTTERMILK oRoPS . . 

HANDY ANDY 1oo% 1-LB. LOAF 
WHOLE WHEAT BREAD . 

DANISH LEMON STREUSSEL 
COFFEECAKE............. 

GALLO - % GALLON 

3 OZ. CAN 

16 OZ. TUBE 
PRELL SHAMPOO . . 

EACH 
KRAFT-2 LB. JAR 

 y 8 m t v 
/Ip tBBLUf 

M 
H a 
/ 

PAUL MASSON 
CHABLIS........ 

TAYLOR 
CREAM SHERRY. 

ANDRE 
CHAMPAGNE.. . 

6 PACK-12 OZ. CANS 

1.5 LITER 

PILLSBURY EXTRA LIGHT - 2 LB. BOX 
WE RESERVE THE RIGHT TO LIMIT QUANTITIES 
1oe OFF LABEL-49 OZ. BOX 
BREEZE..................... 
49 OZ. BOX LAUNDRY DETERGENT 
CONCENTRATED ALL . . . 

5oc OFF LABEL - GALLON BOTTLE 
WISK LIQUID 
........ 

49 OZ. BOX LAUNDRY DETERGENT 
BOLD......................... 

COMPLEXION SIZE 3C OFF LABEL 
DOVE SOAP.................. 

*■» i HUNGRY JACK 
$1.89 : PANCAKE MIX..69< 

FIFTH 
D in n erw are 
M a d e in 
S taffo rd sh ire 
England 

THIS WEEK S FEATURE- 
MATCHING 

Dinner Rate. 
. ea. 7‘ 
With every $3.oo purchase excluding beer & wine 

FIFTH 
•CENTRAL PARK 
• e m p ir e p la za 
BRADY AND 
ZARZAMORA 

'(SAN ANTONIO ONLY) 

15* OFF LABEL - 2 BAR PACK 
SHOWER BAR SOAP 
IRISH SPRING............ 

4* OFF LABEL - CORAL OR WHITE 
LIFEBUOY BATH SOAP. . . 

BAR 
PHASE III BATH SOAP. . . 

COORS BEER $149 
A super supermarket and then some... 

S J ONE GOLD BOND STAMP GIVEN WITH 
Ijt 
EACH 1o' PURCHASE ... . 
■J 
EXCLUDING BEER, WINE & CIGARETTES! 

6 PACK 12 OZ. CANS SCHLITZ OR 
BUDWEISER............... 

6 PACK-12 OZ. CANS 
KASSELL BEER............ 

64-OZ.HEAVY DUTY DETERGENT 
PUREX LIQUID............ 

64 OZ. - SWEETHEART PINK 
FABRIC SOFTENER........ 
ECTIVE THRU WED., MAY l l, 1977 SAN ANTONIO STORES ONLY 

F 
San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday M ay 8 1977 
LEADERS DISAGREE ON NUCLEAR SALES 

Continued from Page IA want to prevent that." 
India became the sixth nation with nuclear capability, exploding a nuclear device on May 18, 1974. 
( arter did not give any timetable for reaching an international agreement on nuclear non-proliferation. 
Sources in the West German delega­ tion said the study panel is to report 

 back within eight weeks on its recommendations curbing the poten­ tial spread of nuclear weapons. 
"I thought it went well," Carter told reporters after an afternoon meeting. 
"We got started on energy and we will finish up on that tomorrow.” 
But he added, "How to resolve this 
(nuclear) problem with so many dif­ ferent kinds of nations’ needs is one 

 that will probably be our most difficult undertaking." 
Asked if there were major problems. 
Carter said, "None that we can’t re­ solve.” 
The United States has sought to limit the export of sensitive nuclear tech­ nology. But some nations, notably 
West Germany, see nuclear exports as a major source of foreign earnings and 

LIN ED U P o u tsid e N o. 1o D o w n in g Street are, fro m left, G iu lio A n d re o tti o f Italy, T ak e o Fu kud a o f Japan, 
V a le ry G isc a rd D ’Estaing of France, P resident C arter, H elm ut Schm idt o f W e s t G e rm a n y , J a m e s C a lla g h a n of B ritain an d Pierre Tru deau o f C a n a d a a p w i r e p h o t o 

 seek tighter inspection instead of ex­ port controls. 
West Germany has declared it will go ahead with a planned $4.8 billion nuclear deal with Brazil despite U.S. objections. Washington also has also opposed a French sale of n u clear reactors to Pakistan and .Japan’s plans to build a nuclear enrichment facility. 
('arter met privately for more than 
9o minutes with West German Chan­ cellor Helmut Schmidt and a top U.S. aide said they reached an understand­ ing of differences on the nuclear issue. 
National Security Adviser Zbigniew 
Brzezinski would not spell out the un­ derstanding but said the U.S. could not force West Germany to give up the 
Brazil deal. 
Asked how the Germans reacted to the nuclear discussion, Carter said, "I think we all feel the need to control the explosive capability but to let people have adequate fuel." 
Asked if ( arter had yielded on the nuclear issue. U.S. Treasury Secretary 
W. Michael Blumenthal told reporters, 
"he has certainly not given up on any 

M O N K .O M L RY 
IW X H l l 
Free mounting 
Automotive Sale. 
Steel-belted whitewalls. 
*3o 

Reg. $44-$48 each tbl*. 
A78-13 or C78-14. Plus 
1.84-2.o1 f.e.t. each. 
No trade-in needed. 

*37 *42 *46 

Reg. $52-$58 each tbU. 
E78-14, F78-14 or G78-14. 
Plus 2.34-2.66 f.e.t. each. 
No trade-in needed. 

Reg. $61-$63 each this. 
H78-14 or G78-15. Plus 
2.72-2.89 f.e.t. each. 
No trade-in needed. 

Reg. $66-17o each this. 
H78-15 or L78-15. Plus 
2.94-3.21 f.e.t. each. 
No trade-in needed. 

The Road Grappler is sale priced now thru May 24. 

Special 

Need wheel balancing? 
Let our experts do it! 
Tires stay new $ “I A longer if your 
A Hr wheels are prop- , Wht,.ls erly balanced. 

Save 

*64-*12o 
On 4 steel-belted radial whitewalls. Singles and pairs also sale priced. 

• I steel belt plus 4 rayon belts for good tire mileage and traction 
• Radial polyester cord body for good handling and a smooth ride 

TUBELESS 
WHITEWALL 
SIZE 
Al .SO 
KITS 

REGULAR 
BRICE 
EACH 

SALE 
PR IC E 
EACH 

PLUS 
F.E.T. 
EACH 
BR7o-13 + 
$52 
$3 6 
2 25 
ER7o-14 
2o5/7oR 14 
$65 
$45 
2.67 
FR7o-14 
215/7oR-14 
$69 
$48 
2.86 
GR7o-14 
225/7oR-14 
$74 
$51 
3.oo 
HR7o-14 
235/7oR-14 
$55 
3.29 
GR7o-15 
225/7oR-15 
$79 
$55 
3.o5 
HR7o-15 
235/7oR-15 
$86 
$59 
3.27 
JR7o-15 
245/7oR-15 
$9o 
$62 
3.43 
LR7o-15 
$96 
$66 
3.6o 
RAISED WHITE LETTER STYLE (NOT ILLUSTRATED! 
BR7o-131- 
$52 
$36 
2.25 
ER7o-14 
2o5/7oR-14 
$65 
$45 
2.67 
FR7o-14 
215/7oR-14 
$69 
$48 
2.86 
GR7o-14 
225/7oR-14 
•574 
$51 
3.oo 
GR7o-15 
225/7oR-15 
$79 
$55 
3.Q5 

N O T R A D E IN N E E D E D 
H I N G L E R A D I A I. P L Y ___________ 

Road Tamer Radial it sale priced thru May 31. 

Installation, labor only, low as VtO 

MUTHER LIMITED A S LONG AS YOU 
O W N CAR W ARRANTY 

Montgom ery W ord warrant* thiy muffler against (adure and will fur nob a replacement free if it fads for as long as you own the car on which installed lf W ords originality installed the muffler, it will install the replacement free 
Otherwise, installation of replacement ti not included 

This warranty does not cover mufflers im*afl cd on vehicles for other than personal or family use or mufflers dam aged by accident 
O' abuse 

 for warranty service return muffler wdb re* quued evidence of purchase ta any Mont­ gomery W ard branch (any branch having installation facilities if free installation rn 
Eluded i 

Save 6 ! 1 

Our sturdy, quiet 
Suprem e m uffler, regularly 18.99 

Most US cars. 
2 solid locking seams give quiet, strength. 
R ust-resistant body. 
Water drainage system. 
H ave 15% on a ll o th e r m ufflers in stock. 

Save now 

Wards dirt-trapping spin-on oil filter. 

Reg. low 
9 9 
Reduces engine wear. Sizes for m ost US cars. I 

Save now 

Wards I -piece heavy- duty auto jack stand. 
2-ton static load 
Res l°w capacity. 15-in. o 9 9 
Non-adjustable. 
£ ** 

Save *3o 

Our I V2-ton hydraulic service floor jack. 
Garage quality. $ "I £ * t \ 
A ll-steel rein- 
J I O * / forced body. 4- 
2o" lift range. 
Reg. *199 

Fit* many US car*. 
Installed free. 

Save 9o7 
Get Away 36: our m ost popular battery! 
Type 24, 24F 

2 
C S S 
M ii exeh. 
Regularly 34.95 

Delivers up to 3o5 cold cranking amps for engines up to 3oo cu. in. capacity. 

Auto Service Specials— Mon. thru Fri. 

Special. 
COMPLETE 
BRAKE JOB 

(DRUM BRAKES 
LABOR INCL. 

We rebuild all wheel cyl- 
\ inders; check master cyl­ inder, bearings, hardware and seals. Repack bear­ ings, a d j u s t par ki ng brake. Most Amer. Cars. 

DISC BRAK E JOB 
SLIG H TLY HIGHER 

Wheel alignment. 

 u s ” ::' I O 
8 8 
Labor only. JL 
Reg. 14.95 

We check, com rt camber, caster and tote Then check front end. brakes, shocks and entire exhaust system 

Lube and oil change. 
~1 
Filter extra. 
88 

Car* without zerk fitting* extra 

Complete chassis lubrica­ tion and oil change with up to r> qts. of HD3oW oil. 
Helps assure longer-wearing parts. 

Ride cool 

Tune-up your air conditioner 
88 
It’ll work better. We check hoses and belts, 
Freon extra. 
6 
Parts, freon extra 
Reg. 9.95 

WARDS CHARG-ALL CREDIT CAN HELP SAVE YOUR BUDGET WHEN YOUR CAR NEEDS REPAIRS 
Off to work? Go in style. 

WONDERLAND MALL 

Fredericksburg Rd at Loop 41o 
Op«n 8 A.M . until 9 P.M. daily 

MCCRELESS MALL 

So. New Braunfels at S outheast 
Open 8 A.M. until 9 P.M. daily 

WINDSOR PARK MALL 

IH 35 North at Walzcm Road 
Open 8 A.M. until 9 P.M. daily 

LACKLAND PLAZA 
RANDOLPH PLAZA 

7549 Highway 9o Wa*t 
*oo Pat Booker Road 
M any item s in this section available at Ward* N eighborhood (toras 

 position that I am aware of.” 
Germ an .sources said the seven leaders agreed to appoint a working group of nuclear experts to report in eight weeks on means to control nu­ clear proliferation. 
Nuclear issues and trade were dis­ cussed by Carter and .Japanese Prime 
Minister Takeo Fukuda in a 2o-minute private talk before the summit. 
Blumenthal said 15 minutes of the afternoon sum m it m eeting were devoted to human rights. He said he didn't know who introduced the topic but Carter “ asked to speak on this is­ sue and did.” 
He said Carter explained his human rights policy was "not directed at any particular country and not intended to be threatening to anybody." 
On general economic issues, leaders and their aides said the m eeting produced none of the acrimony that had been feared on such issues as the rate of economic expansion and trade barriers to protect domestic indus­ tries. They pledged to coordinate the fight against inflation, unemployment and trade barricos. 
MAN 
ROBBED 

Continued from Page LA 

 according to the sheriff. 
Meanwhile, investigators aided by a partial license plate number observed by a witness and other information determined the other vehicle might be headed toward San Antonio. 

Dot. Im . -James Hildebrand of the 
SAPD robbery division said the ear was spotted by a patrol officer in the 
2oo block of Lone Star Boulveard. 
After other officers arrived, two men and a 16-year-old were taken into cus­ tody, Hildebrand said. 

Charges 

Charged with attem pted m urder, robbery by assault and theft of over 
$1o,ooo was Frank Hernandez, 18, of 
328 Lone Star Blvd. 

He was jailed in Bandera County 
Jail in lieu of bonds totaling $95,ooo set by Peace Justice E. S. Jennings of 
Pipe Creek. 

Arrested in San Antonio on warrants issued in Bandera County were Arturo 
Mondragon, 22. and his brother Carlos 
Mondragon, 2o. both of 258 Lone Star 
Blvd. 
The two, as well as the two juveniles apprehended following the incident were to be lodged in Bandera County 
Jail. 

TSTA 

 during an April press conference Hie two teachers had accused administra­ tors of being unenlightened and in­ competent. 
Prado Saturday reaffirmed the ac­ cusation, which led to his suspension without pay until May 27 and a non­ renewal of his contract. 
"I have riot been recommended (to the school board for re-omploy- ment) — my contract will come up before the board on May 16." 
"Myself and Mr. Monroy were called out of our classrooms by the school principals and told of the action. We read Harper’s letter and then we were directed to go back to the buildings, clear our desks and leave the pre­ mises,” Prado said. 
Harper’s letter told the two men they had presented a distorted version of efforts initiated by certain teachers to resolve a pending grievance. 
The grievance concerned eight teachers who claimed their evaluations were lowered because they participat­ ed in election campaigns, Prado said. 
Monroy has been recommended to the school board for re-employment after his suspension is up, Prado said. 
However, another teach er, Jim 
Koch, South San Antonio Teacher Po­ litical Action Committee chairman, was not recommended for re-emplov- rnent at an April board meeting, he added. 
"On Monday, TSTA attorney Robert 
Hall will be in San Antonio to discuss litigation procedures we will take,” 
Prado said. 
"Our school district attorney con­ ferred with the school board members, but no adequate answer was given to him,” said the teacher, who has been with SSASD five years. 
A statem ent by Mrs. Stacey said 
District XX members believe Prado’s and Monroy’s efforts were to help bring cooperative com m unication between administrators and teachers. 
"O ur district feels that educators have the right to address their con­ cerns to the public when all avenues of communication within a school district have been closed to them time after time,” Mrs. Stacey added. 
Mrs. Stacey is the president-elect of the 14o.ooo-member State TSTA or­ ganization. 
Logistics expert to address dinner 
Ut. Gen. Maurice F. Casey, director for logistics and principal advisor to the Joint Chiefs of Staff on joint and combined logistics matters, will be the keynote speaker at the San Antonio 
Chapter Defense Transportation Assn., dinner meeting at 7 p.m. May 17 in the 
Randolph AFB Officer’s Club. 
Gen. Casey will speak on strategic mobility. 
The meeting will highlight National 
Transportation Day, May 2o. 
Solon’s hunger starting 

 to hurt 

ASSOCIATED PRESS 

AUSTIN 
- Fast­ ing 
Dallas 
Rep. 
Sam 
Hudson, concerned about his health, has started drinking fruit and vege­ table juices and taking vi­ tam ins — but is still avoiding solid food. 

Hudson went on a hunger strike 45 days ago because he couldn’t get many of his more than IOO bills set for com m ittee hearings. He has lost more than 35 pounds. 

“ I've still got 24 bills that haven't been set, most of them in health and welfare committee,” said 
Hudson, who weighed 185 pounds w hen he started his fast. "P m not eating until I get hearings or until this ses­ sion is over.” 

Hudson had subsisted mainly on mineral water during his fast. 

National honor for a professional: 
W. J. “Corky” Cox 

His outstanding leadership has earned for him the 1976 National Management 
Award presented by the General Agents and Managers Conference. This is the fifth consecutive year he has received this 
Award — qualifying him for life mem­ bership. 

He has done a superior job of introducing new Agents to rewarding careers anc helping both new and established Agents advance to greater achievement. Ensuring that dependable counsel and quality ser­ vice are always available for our poli­ cyowners. 

I le's a leader among professionals. A good person for you to know. We're glad to be on his team. Maybe you should be. tex*. 

S o u th w e s te r n Life ES cM-eipmcf, people pennon to pennon 

Suite 151o. Frost Bank 
225 6281 lower 

We care about your son at San Antonio Academy. 

Established in 1886, San Antonio Academy is the oldest private military school west of the 
Mississippi. We offer an outstanding faculty and curriculum for your son, pre-school through 8th grade. 
Our low teacher/student ratio allows individu­ alized attention for each boy. In a military environment which enhances self-discipline, we offer a well rounded program emphasiz­ ing strong academics, athletics, cultural activities and non-demoninational chapel services. 
Caring ahi nit boys has been a 91 -year tradition at San Antonio Academy. Call, write or come by for an appointment it you’re interested in the best education your son can experience. 

512/733-7331 
P.O. BOX 12o48 
117 E. FRENCH PLACE 
SAN ANTONIO, TX. 78212 
SAN 
ANTONIO 
ACADEMY 

McGovern: 
Issues losing out to image 

ASSOCIATED W ESS 
WASHINGTON — Sen. George 
McGovern accused President 
Carter on Saturday of abandon­ ing cam p aign prom ises and party principle out of fear of big business and a preoccupation with imagery. 
In a harsh,attack on the new admin­ istration, McGovern said, “ It some­ times seems difficult to remember who won last fall.” 
The South Dakota Democrat charged that Carter had broken or shelved his campaign promises on welfare reform, cuts in the defense budget and jobs. 
Speaking at the convention of the liberal Americans for Democratic Ac­ tion. McGovern called on the party “ to continue the struggle for the principles the Democratic party stood for” in the election. 
“ The effort may bu lonely for awhile,” he said. 
PR references 

The speech was filled with pointed references to Carter’s public relations efforts during the first three months of his term, and McGovern repeatedly accused Carter of neglecting action on his own campaign issues and the party platform 
“ A strange silence has descended on our political life,” said McGovern, the 

 party's 1972 presidential nominee “ We all seem mesmerized by image, taken by symbol We seem to count the rat­ ings of polls far more than the content of policy." 

McGovern attacked Carter's pro­ grams on economic recovery, energy, defense, welfare reform and health, saying all were being sacrificed or modified to suit special interests at the expense of the needy. 

San Antonio EX PR ESS-N EW S— Sunday M ay 8 1977 ra q e 
Carter to urge higher Social 
Security taxes 

GEORGE MCGOVERN 

‘Last year Jimmy Carter was his first p r io r ity. postponed until a second 

 said that full employment 
Then it should not be term 

A week ago. Sen. 
Hubert H. 
Humphrey, D-Minn., another spokes­ man for iiberal emoerats, praised 
Carter in an interview and said: 
“ Everytime I ’ve been with him, I come back with greater respect for him. I come back feeling that he knows a lot more than his critics give him credit for.” 
Humphrey continued: “ Carter is not a stereotyped, orthodox, ideological liberal. If you expect a Democrat of the old vintage, that's wrong. But he is not really what you call a political conser­ vative. He is in many ways a political maverick. I think he's fiscally conser­ vative. but he's also a kind of populist.” 
McGovern, in his speech to the ADA, 

 said “ We want to be able to applaud the President's record as strongly as we approved the platform on which he ran. But we will not be a cheering section for tinkling symbols that may signify nothing. We will not agree to substitute cold technocracy for com­ passionate values.” 

Status quo 

McGovern said defenders of the status quo were having an undue in­ fluence on the administration. “ The advocates of change must not be con­ tent with labels, symbols and small consolations,” he said. 
“ We must not trade full employment for a town meeting,” he said. 

ASSOCIATED Mf ESS 
WASHINGTON - The Carter administration, seeking to bol­ ster the financially troubled So­ cial Security system, will urge higher Social Security taxes and an unprecedented use of general tax funds, adm inistration sources said Saturday. 

Sources said the administration wilt recommend rn jor changes in the 
Social Security taxing system, includ­ ing: 
• Making employers pay taxes on the full amount of each worker's wages rather than only on an initial portion. 
• By the mid-198os, raising the level of that initial portion on which workers pay Social Security taxes yond the automatic increases already scheduled. 
• Diverting general income tax revenues to pay Social Security ben­ efits when the national unemployment rate exceeds fi per cent. 
• Accelerating scheduled automatic increases in the Social Security tax rate. 
The Carter administration is expect­ ed to give its views Monday on how to bail out the Social Security trust, funds that, otherwise will go broke about the time Carter's term expires. 

The trust funds, presently financed by that deduction marked “ FIC A ” on nearv every wage-earner's paycheck, are the sole source of money paid out monthly to many of the nation’s retir­ ees, widows and disabled pensioners. 
If these trust funds give out, the ben­ efit checks stop. 
Of course, no one seriously believes the administration or Congress would 
PRESIDENT CARTER 

The Carter administration is expected to give its views Monday on hole to hail out the Social Security trust funds 

 let that happen, but Congress twice rejected former President Gerald K 
Ford's proposal to shore up the en­ dangered funds by increasing the 
FIC A tax rates. (F IC A stands for 
Federal Insurance Contributions Act, the original Social Security law ) 
Administration sources said the transfer of general revenue funds to the Social Security system would only come into play when unemployment over 8 per cent. Such a transfer was said to represent Social Security taxes lost due to high joblessness. 
For example, when the jobless rate is 7 per cent as it is currently, the transfer of money would involve the difference between the amount of FICA taxes that would have been generated 

 if unemployment was 8 per cent and the actual revenues produced when joblessness is 7 per cent 
The total Social Security payroll tax rate is currently 117 per cent — half of it, 5.85 per cent, paid by the worker, and the other half by his or her em­ ployer 

The amount of a worker’s annual earnings subject to this payroll tax reached $16,5oo this year under an an tomatic adjustment mechanism in the law 
Thus, for a worker at the upper limit of this $18,5oo socalled wage base, it means a Social Security tax payment of $985 25 by the worker while the boss pays a matching $985.25. 

I I 
Dilia ills 

 lUjU 
Lyon Shaw wrought iron set for your patio 

$99 

3-pc. set, reg. $1 29 

Outdoor summer living is enhanced by this charming 3- pc. wrought iron cafe set by Lyon Shaw . . . glass top table and two chairs with vinyl seat cushions, yellow finish and zinc undercoated rust protection. 

A. SAVE $5o! Lyon Shaw 5-pc. dining group: glass top table, 4 chairs, wrought iron with yellow finish, vinyl cushions, reg. $229 ......................... $179 

B. SAVE s7O! Lyon Shaw 5-pc. dining group: wrought iron mesh top table and 4 arm chairs in a yellow finish, reg. $ 3 4 9 ........................................ $279 

Outdoor Furniture 

May is Maytag month at 
Dillard’s! 

 save 31.95! heavy duty washer 
$298 
Reg. 329.95 

M aytag s heavy duty washer features under­ water lint filter, permanent press cycle, tough poly pump and fabric softener dispenser. White. 

Reg. 229.95 

 save 31.95! electric dryer 
>198 

Maytag big-load electric dryer boats 2 6 % more capacity than most dryers, variable timer con­ trol and unique air-ride drying system. White. 

 save 21.95! Maytag dishwasher 

Reg. 369.95 $ 348 

Easy to install, built-in model has 3-level washing and front service. 

Appliances 

SHOP MONDAY THRU SATURDAY IO ’TIL 9: CENTRAL PARK, MILITARY PLAZA, WINDSOR PARK 

Page 
I 2-A 
H 
San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday May 8 1 97 7 
Fugitive kills self, hostages 

LINCOLN, Kau. (A P ) - A man seeking highway directions to 
California and a police bulletin about a murder in St. Louis arrived about the same time in this small town Saturday. 
Four hours later, a farm couple and their 18-year-old son were dead, vic­ tims of a gunman who held them hos­ tage in their home until police agreed to a getaway plan. Then, inexplicably, he shot his three hostages and took his own life. 
John Steward, a 26-year-old ex-con- 
\ let from Missouri, shot himself with a 
.38-caliber pistol which authorities said appeared to be the same gun that killed his former girl friend Friday night. 
On Steward's body, investigators found the commutation of sentence which released him from the Missouri 
Penitentiary last Dec. 22. He had been convicted on May 14, 1976, in St. Louis of assault with intent to maim without malice. 
His former girl friend, Yvonne 
Robinson, 33, was sitting in a car in front of her home in St. Louis on 
Friday when a man walked up and started shooting at her with a pistol. 
She died several hours later at a ho­ spital. 
St. Louis police issued a bulletin and a fugitive warrant charging Steward with capital murder. 
$2.1 million fine levied 

LOS ANC,FCFS JA P ) - The Kaiser 
Steel Corp. will pay a record $2.1 mil­ lion in fines and another $15 million for cleanup operations to keep off the federal government’s pollution 
“ blacklist,” the state Air Resources 
Board said Saturday. 
The federal Environmental Protec­ tion Agency had planned to blacklist the company Saturday if a cleanup a- greement was not reached. It would have made the company ineligible for government contracts. 

Study points to new 
Russian imperial era 

WASHINGTON (A P) - A sharp in­ crease in Soviet aid to Third World nations in the past two years and its expansion into black Africa suggest 
“ the emergence of a new imperial phase in Russian history,” a Library of 
Congress study says. 
The study, released Saturday, said the contradiction between Soviet de­ sires for detente and aggressive new actions in Africa carry the danger of 
“ potential confrontation and war” with the West. 
“ Soviet actions during 1975 and 1976 reveal a continued commitment to the 
Third World, and an extension of its activities beyond the Eurasian contin­ ent and the traditional ‘national liber­ ation zone’ into black Africa, suggest­ ing the emergence of a new imperial phase in Russian history,’’ the li­ brary’s report said. 
It said aggressive Soviet support for 

 the victorious faction in the Angolan civil war is being interpreted by some experts as an indication of the new imperial phase. And it noted the Rus­ sians’ role in building a black guerrilla force in Mozambique and Tanzania to fight against white-run Rhodesia. 
It suggested an American response of “ selective involvement” in those nonaligned nations in which the United 
States has the greatest interest. This approach “ might strike a reasonable point between the unacceptable ex­ tremes of isolationism and globalism” in U.S. foreign policy, it said. 
The study was requested by Rep. 
Larry Winn of Kansas, ranking 
Republican on the House International 
Relations Committee, and was released by the committee itself. 
It was prepared by Dr. Joseph G. 
W helan, the library’s senior specialist in international affairs, and William B. 
Compadres boil best menudo 

MENUDO cook A rturo Espinoza grim aces as he adds some beef trip e to his concoction 
S TA FF P H O T O S BY S TEV E C A M P B EII 

S PEC IAL T O THE EXPRESS N E W S 
SAN MARCOS - Los Com­ padres menudo cooking team of 
San M arcos won the state championship for the second year in a row Saturday at the 
Cinco de Mayo Spring Festival here. 
Second place in the state competition went to the Knights of Columbus of San 
Marcos, while third place went to an­ other local entry, Los Companeros. 
This is the first year the Cinco de 
Mayo celebration has been sanctioned as a site for the state menudo cookoff. 
Chili cookoff 
San Marcos already is the home of the state chili cookoff championship, the Chilympiad. 
The menudo cookoff highlighted the 

• Keep Rooms Cooler 

• Sove Air Conditioning 

• Stop Son Fade 

• W oke Gloss Safer 
DRAPES! 

Enjoy the view outside, while le t­ 

 ting in light w ithout heat-glare & 

 fading from the sun! 
SQLflR-X 
OF SAN ANTONIO 
4o1 ISOM RO. SUITE 21o 
349-6469 

Zaire recruiting protested 

U.S. involvement in 
Zaire was protested iii 
San Antonio Saturday af­ ternoon by the Com­ mittee Against Mercen­ ary Recruiting. 
Members of the local group carried placards, handed out literature and chanted for two hours in front of the downtown 
Post Office Building. 
Mario Salas, chairman of the committee, said his main fear was U.S. govern men t in vol vement in Zaire may lead to an­ other conflict similar lo 
Vietnam. 
Salas charged a 3o-man 

CIA group commanded by Col. Michael Brown has been in Zaire since 
February. 
Ile also cited a $15 million appropriation for m ilitary aid to Zaire from the Carter Admin­ istration. 
Salas saiil all of this is in support of a right-w ing military dictator, Mobu­ tu, who Salas said won the support by claiming his country was being invaded by Communists. 
Salas said the strife in 
Zaire actually is a civil uprising led by the Congo 
National 
Liberation 

Front against what Salas called is Mobutu’s op­ pressive dictatorship. 
“ The economy of Zaire is so bad,” Salas said, 
P etersen gets appointm ent 

LL Col. Nolan R. Pe­ tersen has been named chief of the operations division of Kelly A F B ’s special weapon director­ ate. 
Col. Petersen’s last as­ signment was com­ mander of the 18th Mun­ itions Maintenance Squa­ dron at Kadena Air Base, 
Japan. 

“ that unemployment is very high. The country is sustained only by aid from the United States, 
France, Israel and South 
Africa.” 
Placards carried by the protestors read, “ Hands 
Off Southern A frica,” 
“ No More Vietnam s” and “ Racism, no. Mobu­ tu Must Go.” 
The committee was formed last year when news reports revealed a 
San Antonio man was re­ cruiting mercenaries for fighting in Africa. 

JA NAE DILLARD is crowned Miss 
Cinco de M ayo 

 fifth day of the celebration, co-spon- sored this year by the local chapters of the Jaycees and Luiaes. 
Miss Cinco de Mayo ulso was crowned Saturday, with Ja Nae Dillard of Grand Prairie winning the title. She is a junior at Southwest Texas State 
University. 
First runnerup in the beauty contest- was Melonie Angel, SWT sophomore from Houston. 
Second runnerup was Doris Garza, 
SWT sophomore from Dallas. 
While visitors lo the Hays County 
Civie Center were able to sample the menudo entries on the grounds Satur­ day. live entertainment was prov ided inside the center throughout the day. 

Inglee, a research assistant. 
The study said the conclusion that 
Soviet actions may suggest a new im­ perial phase is based on assessments by former Secretary of State Henry A. 
Kissinger and one of his chief aides in the Nixon and Ford administrations. 
Helmut Sonnenfeldt. 
The United States lias significant advantages over the Soviets in winning cooperation from non-aligned coun­ tries, including the scale and diversity of its trade, U.S. leadership in science and technology and its concept ol democratic liberty, the report said. 
“ The Soviets have no assured des­ tiny of success in the Third World, but the danger to the United States would seem to lie more in their perceptions, expectations and the willingness to act upon them,” it continued. 
“ What the United States seems to need in its approach to the Third World is a vision of its proper role, a policy to give it structure and a broadbased democratic sanction of the Congress to give it strength, authority and a con­ sensus,” the study said. 
Salute for military set 

Sen. John Tower will help kick off the annual salute to the military dur­ ing Armed Forces Week 1977, May 
15-21. 
Sen. Tower will speak during the opening ceremonies at ll a.m. May 16 in Alamo Plaza. He will then attend the 
Greater San Antonio Chamber of 
Commerce’s annual Noncommissioned 
Officer Awards luncheon at the USO 
Club in HemisFair Plaza. 
Joining the senator at these two events will be Mayor Lila Cockrell, chamber Chairman of the Board Holt 
Atherton and Maj. Gen. Richard F. 
Cavazos, director of inter-American affairs for the Department of Defense, who will be the luncheon speaker. 
At 2 p.m., Sen. Tower will dedicate the Air Force’s Human Resources 
Laboratory, a new research facility at 
Brooks AFB. 
Other dignitaries who will make speaking appearances at various func­ tions during the week include Gen. 
Bernard W. Rogers, Army Chief of 
Staff, and Gen. William J. Evans, commander of Air Force Systems 
Command. 
Lt. Gen. Sam S. Walker, deputy commander of U.S. Army Forces 
Command, and Charles Duke, 1oth man to walk on the moon and now a 
San Antonio businessman, will also speak. 
Bill Putty, president of Catto & Putty wholesalers, and Gen. John VV. Ro­ berts, commander of Air Training 
Command, will serve as civilian and military coordinators respectively for the week. 
The annual salute to the military is sponsored by the Greater San Antonio 
Chamber of Commerce. 

FINAL WEEK 

 sat., may 14 last day of Denhome’s Spring Sale 

 m on. & thurs. 9 -9 ; tues., w e d ., fri. & sat. 9 -6 

Teak desk, 57x27'/2x29h 
NOW *1 9 8 . was $288 

 also 
Save 25% off THAYER COGGIN WAREHOUSE PROGRAM List prices 

Bookcase, teak 
NOW *58. was $88 
Homeoffice, teak 36 w 
Armchair, cotton velvet 
NOW *2 9 8 . was $388 
NOW *2 1 o . was $28o 

Save up to 5 o % on over V2 million dollars worth of merchandise ... come see the rest 

6951 San Pedro, 344-2338 (I mile south of Loop 41o) 

THE SHARPER THE NEEDLE, 
THE GREATER THE COMFORT. 
THATS WHY MORE DIABETICS 
TRUST NPIASTVAK: 

In a recent nationwide survey of diabetics who take insulin, a major reason given for using B-D PLASTIPAK syringes was needle sharpness 

There is a IB-Dl Plastipak single use syringe to meet every individual diabetic requirement for U-4o, U-8o or U-1oo insulin. 

NEW BOLDER, CLEARER MARKINGS. 
FUTURE ACCOMPLISHMENTS. B D is already 
Darker, bolder markings and better line definitions at work developing still sharper, more comfortable provide easier reading and greater accuracy. needles. It is part of our responsibility in earning and keeping your trust. B D Better Diabetic; Care. 
TESTED,TESTED, TESTED. 
B-D syringes undergo a relentless series of tests. 
Test for sharpness. Test for sterility. Mechanical tests. Electronic tests. Thirty separate tests in all. 

B-D is more than confident that you will find the Plastipak Syringe to be the best syringe you have ever tried. So, to make sure that you try it, B-D offers you the following money-saving coupon. 

Consult your physician or pharmacist. 
! 
SAVE s3°° 
I 

I 
ON B-D PLASTIPAK SYRINGES 
J 
I 
Take this coupon to your pharmacist today and receive $3.oo OFF on your next purchase of 
Plastipak 1oo's. Limit: one coupon per customer. 
| 

| 
Mr Retailer Becton. Dickinson and Company will reimburse you the face value of this coupon plus 5 $ 
I 
I for handling and redeeming This coupon is good as part payment on the retail sale of PLASTIPAK 
■ 
1oo's ( catalog nos 84o1, 84o6. 84o9) 
Coupon may not be assigned or transferred Customer I 
■ must pay any sales tax and present prescription if required Good only in USA Cash value 1/2o* For 
I 
■ redemption of properly received and handled coupons, mail to B-D PLASTIPAK Refund Offer, P O 
® 
| 
Box 23o9, Hillside New Jersey o72o5 Coupons should be received at B-D by 1o 31 77 
| 

| 
STORE COUPON EXPIRES SEPTEMBER 3o, 1977 SEN 5_8 
| i M a a B H H B B a a H a a H H B B a a a a a n B a d 

IBPI B-D P IA -1-PAK md M'CROLANCf Retted*’ Rfes y* Beelol t> 
.minor "v-.mv Kith.--* m 
,i«> yvn':.' 

* 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEW S— Sunday May 8 I 977 
Page I 3-A 

ARTIFACTS that spent 4oo years on the bottom of the Gulf of Mexico. 
F "iceless artifacts to go on display 

AUSTIN (AP) — The fragile beauty of the tiny, intricate gold crucifix did not dim in the 4oo years it spent on the bottom of the Gulf of Mexico. 

The minute cross weathered the 16th cen­ tury shipwreck of three 
Spanish treasure ships in an April squall off Padre 
Island, more than four centuries in the Gulf and nearly a decade of poli­ tical and legal battles. 
It's now locked in a safe to which only one person knows the combination, along with the rest of the artifacts salvaged in 1967 by a group of Indiana treasure hunters. 
The collection was the focus of a stormy con­ troversy that caused the political demise of crusty former Land Commis­ sioner Jerry Sadler and gave birth to the Texas 
Antiquities Committee. 

Priceless 

Part of it, including the one-inch cross that Sadler called “ priceless,” will go on public display for the first time this sum­ mer. 
Truett Latimer, execu­ tive director of the Texas 
Historical Commission, said this week that the display of silver coins. 

Attorneys spent thousands o f dollars in court fights and politicians fought verbally and physically over the col­ lection. 

 cannons, spikes and other artifacts will open in 
August in Raymondville, a small coastal town about 25 miles from the where they were recovered. 
The display, being prepared at a cost of 
$4o,ooo, will then travel to several other Texas cities in the following 
16 months. 
University of Texas ar- cheologists have spent several years and more than $15o,ooo in painstak­ ingly preserving the ar­ tifacts. 
Most were clumped into unrecog­ nizable masses with bar­ nacles, shells and sand. 
Fights 

Attorneys for Texas and 
Platoro, Ltd., Inc. of In­ diana, have spent thou­ sands of dollars and hours in court battles over their custody. Texas politicians also fought — verbally and physically — over the artifacts for which trea­ sure hunters could only get about $125,ooo. 
“ These artifacts are priceless to a historian or 

 archeologist,” said State 
Marine Archeologist Bar- to Arnold. “ They tell an incredible story about early Texas history.” 
The gems of the display come from the collection salvaged by Platoro in 
1967. The rest was sal­ vaged by TAC divers in 
1972 from another of the three small Spanish ships that floundered off Padre 
Island on April 2o,1554. 
Rendezvous 

For several years, reporters and politicians mistakenly called the ships 
“ galleons.” 
Ac­ tually, they were “ naos,” which were only about IOO feet long and carried relatively little gold and silver, Arnold said. 
Spanish documents show that the “ San 
Esteban,” the ‘Espiritu 
Santo” and the “ Santa 
Maria de Yciar,” left Ve­ ra Cruz April 9, 1554, heading for a rendezvous in Cuba with several other small treasure ships. 
Three weeks later they ran aground in a spring squall near the Mansfield 
CHECKUP 
HMH ti HBt£ 
FOR YOUR HOME S CENTRAL AIR 
CONDITIONING SYSTEM (Regardless of Brand) 
AVAILABLE FROM YOUR FEDDERS DEALER 

The time to have us inspect and tune up your centra air conditioning system is right nov— before the hot v.eather arrives and with it high prices 

W e're service experts...trained to inspect and tone up your cent'a a - conditioning system to run, at peak efficiency1 
I HERE S WHAT WE LL DO: : 

I 
(I I Inspect and clean condensing coils 
I. 
. 
I 

! 
12) Check com pressor against rated am perage m 

I 
(3) Check system for refrigerant leaks and charge 
^ 
1 1 

I 
(4) Adjust belt tension 
I t 

15) Clean and replace lit necessary! tilters 
/ l V i . f m v 
\ u J JLA 

: 
(6) Check cooling balance throughout house 
/ 

17) Inspect and adjust therm ostat 
/ ~v 
A 

 l8l Lubricate all moving parts 
I , 
\ N i p 
\ 

19) Check and adjust electrical controls 
^ 

111o ) Check system thoroughly for w orn or 
I 
W 

 dam aged parts 
I 
‘ 
1*1 

| ( l l) Check attic Insulation 
\bmjjf 
Inspection & Tune-up 
' / 3 a 
I 

Only $ 1 9 

' pfice coes ” 3i ’ : ufle ’ es ace ne t or liars 
7 
I \ J r 
I 

A t t h e e i 'd o f t h e c h e c k u p , a w r i t t e n r e p o r t v m :I b e p r o v i d e d o n t h e c c ' d u - c n o f 

 v o u r c e n t r a ' a i r c o n d i t i o n i n g s y s t e m 
LIMITED TIME OFFER...EXPIRES MAY 31, 1977 

AVOID A BREAKDOWN THIS SUMMER... 
CALL FOR OUR COOLING CHECK-UP 
TODAY 4 
9 
4 
. 3 
5 
5 
5 

 p L R m o 
HEATING AND AIR CONDITIONING. INC. 

Cut off Padre Island. 
“ The documents show that Spanish salvagers were there by June and salvaged most of the limited amount of gold and silver aboard,” said 
Arnold. “ We have even seen documents listing what was aboard and what was salvaged.” 

Salvagers 

The Spanish, whose divers simply held their breath, left little for modern treasure hunters. 
There was, Arnold not­ ed, only about 1,ooo pounds of silver and less than IOO pounds of gold aboard the three ships. 
“ The 
Spanish salvagers got most of that,” he said, citing the 
Spanish documents. 
Four centuries later, 
Platoro divers began combing the the sunken w reckage under 15-18 feet of water. They salvaged about IO crude iron can­ non, 2,ooo silver coins, a gold bar, a crossbow, ship fittings and gear, person­ al possessions, such as the crucifix and a fragile silver thimble, and three cast brass navigational astrolabes — the oldest known to exist. 
Later, aryheologists were able to glean tiny ibrass pins used instead of buttons, olive pits, pork bones and other food remains, pottery and even an ancient cock­ roach embedded in wood from the barnacle-en­ crusted masses. 

Indiana* 

The treasure-hunting firm hauled their harvest off to Indiana, claiming it had a contract with Sa­ dler. Sadler, then 61, vehemently denied such a contract and went to court to force the return of the artifacts. 
The smaller items were locked in a safe in the General Land Office. 
The bitter and costly battle raged, with Texas politicians getting into the act. 
The 1969 legislature passed the Texas Antiqui- ties Act to prevent an­ other Platoro situation and to regulate any further salvage activities in Texas waters. 

Man is slabbed to death 
Police Saturday inves­ tigated the stabbing death of a 39-year-old San 
Antonio man found slumped in his pickup truck. 
Gonzalo Ochoa of 3143 
Golden Ave. was pron­ ounced dead at 2:13 a.m. at Green Hospital after being stabbed in the chest about 12:15 a.m. 
A witness told police he and the victim were drinking at a bar in the 
71oo block of New Laredo 
Highway. 
The victim left the bar about midnight and the witness also left about five m inutes later, of­ ficers said. 
Police said the witness found the victim’s truck in the bar’s parking lot. 

J o 
£ j r f f 4 t a r c o u p o n j o u r f £ * V £ c o u p o n 
$ o v a { l r v e c o u p o n 
$ o l a i c o u p o n 

Our Usual 224 yd. 
LACES AND RIFLINGS 

Our Usual 694 
INFANTS’ UNDERSHIRTS 

 laces, ru fflin g *, edges, 

 and braids. 
W hite and 

 tolars. 
C o tto n /n ylo n , 

 lim it 2o yds. 

GOOD MONDAY, MAY O yd 
(N)| 

 irregulars. 
Colton. 
White. 
Sleeveless. 
Sizes to 3o mas. limit 3. 

New Shipments 
( 
LADIES KNIT TOPS 
& T-TOPS 
C C I Irregula 
I J 
R irie 
I t 

Our Usual 394 
MEN S BANDANAS 

Irregulars of values lo 
> 
I 
% ^ 
J n r ^ ,« .o r s . 
Red 
Of 
17. Sixes s M i . lim it I . 
^ I 
• Blue. 1oo% cotton. 
TICKETED $3... 
I 
I limit 4. 

GOOD MONDAY, MAY 9 

^ O LO {Ltt¥ £ C 
O 
U 
P 
O 
N 
{ D 
I O 
C 
O 
U 
P 
O 
N 
} o £ U f i F « V r C 
O 
U 
P 
O 
N 
C 
O 
U 
R 
O 
N 

I 
AUNT LYDIA’S 1o o % RODEL 
| 
POLYESTER HEAVY RUG YA R N 
I Our Usual 474 
*1 
$ ’ 
| 7o YD. Skeins 
O for 
I Our Usual 874 
3.7-o*. 
,, , _ 
Limit 5 
GOOD MONDAY, MAY 9 

| 
Preticketed 2 pr. $1.79 
I DAN RIVER COMFORT TOP 
! KNEE HIGH HOSE 

Special Group 
LADIES SUNDRESSES 
16 oz. REVLON FLEX 
SHAMPOO 

59 

I First quality. Wide 
* elastic tip band. 
Beigetone. limit 4. 

GOOD MONDAY, MAY * 

Irregulars m ade to sell 

 fo r S IS . Sites 5 to 13. 

I lim it I . 
I TICKETED $1o... 
$C 55 

GOOD MONDAY, MAY 9 

Normal, Oily. Tint­ ed & Bleached. 
I Limit 2. 

GOOD MONDAY, MAV 9 

< O LO {£ R V £ C 
O 
U 
P 
O 
N f 
A t * {* * ¥ * C 
O 
U 
P 
O 
N 
<OLO 4 M M 
C 
O 
U 
P 
O 
N f $ 
o l . o f 
C O U P O N 

Our Usual 394 
LADIES’ & TEENS’ PANTIES 

Irregulars. 
Acetate. 

W hite and colors. Briefs 

 and bikin is. Sites 5 to IO . 

 lim it 3. 

GOOD MONDAY, MAY 9 

Our Usual $2.19 
LADIES’ DEARFOAM 
WASHABLE 
SLIPPERS 
$ | 

Irregulars. Sold in first quo! " 
H 

 ity at $4 to S6 Sixes 5 to IO . lf 

 lim it I . 
GOOD MONDAY, MAY 9 

Our Usual 794 
MEN’S SOCKS 
MISS CLAIROL 
HAIR COLOR 

O ^ I Irregulars. 
Orlon/ 
I nylon. Crew style. 
I Sizes 1o-13. limit 4. 
I 

Shampoo in 
Formula 
Limit 2 

6o” Carousel 
Knit Stripes 

Full Bolts, First Quality. Color­ ful striped patterns. Polyester/ rayon. 

M A LIB U 

Seersucker Prints 

Full 
Bolts, 
First 

Quality. 1oo% Cot­ 

 ton. 
Compare to 

\ $1.98 yd. 

GOOD MONDAY, MAY 9 
GOOD MONDAY, MAV 9 

BLOUSE W E IG H T 
4 5 ” Lin e n -Lo o k 
Fancies 

Full 
Bolts, 
First 
Quality. 
Assorted 
Striped Patterns. 

E X T R A S A V IN G S O N SPRIN G & S U M M ER FA S H IO N S 

Gaucho Sets............................................................ ,,t,n‘T 
$9 5o 

& L Dresses & Skirts 
$986 : *1o’° 

Jumpsuits & Pant Suits . 
* 
1 
o2’ : $1155 

|-\ \ Irregulars made to sell for $25 to $35. Sizes 5/3, 6/18 and some in 14'/2/24V2. 
I 
I 
Fam ous N a m e Blazers & Jackets $ 

Irregulars. Nationally advertised for 
$2o to $4o. Sizes 5/15, 6/16. 
TICKETED $8 TO $18 . . . . 

 i P a n ts , Skirts and Vests 

Irregulars made to sell to $2o. Sizes 
* 5/15, 6/18. wmmmmmm 

Short 

; , r; 

 and 

Sizes 

TICKETED $6 TO $ 1 o ---- 

Men’s No-Iron 

Dress Shirts 

FIRST QUALITY...OUR USUAL $6.5o AND $6.98 

 sleeve solids, tone tone, woven stripes, prints. Polyester/cot- 
No-iron blends. 
14V2-1 7. 
2 for $9 

M e n ’s Short Sleeve Knit Shirts 

FIRST QUALITY. . .OUR USUAL $3.98 
$ o 6 o 

Pullover collar styles. Solid colors with contrast trim. 1oo% polyester. Sizes S.M.L.XL. 

New “ Weeds” Fashion Jean Flares 

First quality. Our usual $12.5o. Pre-washed 1oo% cotton denim. Fancy pocket styles. P.V.C. trim. Most sizes 29-36. While quantities last. 

SPECIAL PURCHASE! LADIES’ AND TEENS 
Rope Wedge Sandals 

\ 
FIRST QUALITY OF VALUES TO $5.95 

White, tan, and some colors. Soft flex­ ible cushioned wedges. Sizes 5 to IO. 

LADIES’ AN D TEENS’ 

S U M M ER T ER R Y 

Robes an d 

Lounge G o w n s 

^ 
Irregulars of values to $24. 
Cotton and acetate/nylon ter­ ry. Long lengths. Stripes and solids. Pool and house styles. 
Sizes S.M.L. 

TICKETED $1o A N D $12 . . 
?8:$1o5o 

TODDLER BOYS'?& 3 PC. 
Pant Sets 
JkJ 
Irregulars of values to 
$19.98. 
Poly/cotton. Prints and solids. Some with matching shirts or vests. Sizes 
2 to 4. 
S O S O 
. k TICKETED 
Q 
\A *><»..................... 

Spring a n d Sum m er Sandal Sale! 

Group I ..IRREGULARS OF VALUES TO $2o 

W hit*, cornel, navy, bone, and others. Many in genuine leather. Wedges and heels. Sites S to IO. 
T I C K E T E D $ 6 T O $ 9 . . . 
$ 

Group ll ..IRREGULARS OF VALUES TO $3o 
& 

Coressa, SRO, Amano, Sandier of Boston, 

Arpeggio, Citations, Esprit, and others. 

Sizes 5 to IO. T I C K E T E D $ 1 o T O $ 1 5 . . 

5 
- $ 6 
- * 7 
8-$1o-$11 

Panti-Panty Hose 
NEW A ll IN ONE GARMENT 

4 6 * 

Irre g u la rs o f v a lu e s to 

$ 1 .7 9 . 
W h ite fu ll p a n ty 

 w ith b e ig e o r s u n ta n S a n ­ 

 d a lfo o t le g . S ize s A . B .C . 

FAMOUS SHEERLINE 
Control Top 
Pan ty Hose 

Irregulars of values to $3. I P * 
4 
Beige, suntan, and Taupe j 
^ 
P A T XT. Sandalfoot. 

Revlon Super Lustrous 
Cream-on Shadows 

Waterproof 
$o19 

COMPAR? AT £2 75 
Z 

Natural Wonder Extra 

Long Big Lash 

Mascara SSS. sl 59 

 s2“ Revlon Touch & Glow 

$198 
Moisturizing 
Pressed Powder 
«-oz. 

SINGER 

SEWING CENTERS ANO PARTICIPATING APPROVED DEALERS 
In San Antonio: 

517 McCreless P la z a ................................ 534-6154 
2o6 Wonderland Shopping City.................. 735-6168 

228 Central Park Shopping Center.............. 342-5233 
715 S.W. Military D rive............................. 922-2131 

Valley Hi M a ll.................................. 673-o83-o831 

Prices optional at participating dealers. 

In N ew Braunfels: 

94o W. San Antonio Street....................... 625-451o 

In Universal City: 

6o9 Pat Booker R o a d .............................. 658-4171 

*A Trademark of THE SIN G E R CO M PAN 

Inventor says process can split water 

Preservation W eek events begin today 

A varied series of events is bt*ing coordinated by the San Antonio Con­ servation Society to celebrate National 
Historic Preservation Week, starting 
Sunday. 
A film showing of "San Antonio’s 
Missions: Their Glorious Past, Their 
Peaceful Present," produced by Garry 
Adams of Trinity University, will be at 
3:3o p.m. Sunday at the Institute of 
Texan Cultures. 
The society’s annual awards dinner will be at 7 p.m. Munday at the Wulff 
House, society headquarters. 
Awards will be presented to those individuals or organizations who have aided the preservation movement. 
The proclamation announcing 
Historic Preservation Week will be read in Spanish and English by city 
Councilman Henry Cisneros and Coun­ ty Com. Jeff Wentworth. Reservations to the dinner are necessary. 
A lecture, entitled "San Antonio 
Architecture as Art," cosponsored by 

 the society and the University of Texas at San Antonio, will be delivered by architect O’Neil Ford at 7:3o p.m. 
Tuesday at Ursuline Academy. 
At IO a.m. Wednesday, a colloquium on neighborhoods and historic districts will be held at the River House, 5o9 
King William St. 
A tour of historic San Antonio, spon­ sored by the Monte Vista Assn., will begin at 9 a.m. Thursday and will include a lunch. Reservations may be made by calling 734-4o87. 
A tour of downtown San Antonio, 
"San Antonio a la ('arte, A Second 
Helping,” will be conducted at 6:3o p.m. Friday, beginning at the Vogel 
Belt buildings at Military Plaza. 
Reservations are $15 and may be made by calling 227-78o4 or 225-6925. 
A bicycle tour along the Mission 
Hike and Bike Trail will start at 1o:3o a.m. Saturday. Cost is $3 and includes a beer and a box lunch. For reserva­ tions, call 227-78o4 or 225-6925. 

Argentina’s foreign minister is wounded 

COM PILED FR O M WIRE SERVICES 
BUENOS AIRES - 
Adm. Cesar Guzzetti, foreign minister in Ar­ gentina’s military go­ vernment, was wounded 
Saturday by left-wing guerrillas trying to kill or kidnap him, police sources reported. 
According to their ac­ count a man and woman walked into a hospital where Guzzetti, 53, was to arrive for a routine medical checkup and overpowered two doctors and two nurses in a waiting room. They said the admiral left his bo­ dyguards outside and when he entered the room, he was clubbed with an iron pipe and then dragged into an­ other room and shot once in the head with a pistol equipped with a silencer. 
A nurse screamed for help and the waiting guards opened fire on the assailants but they es­ caped. 
The attack occurred 
2V2 months after guerril­ las tried to kill President 
Jorge Videla by planting a bomb under an airport runway. 
Zaire claim s another town 
KINSHASA 
- 
The 
Zaire government says its troops have recap­ tured the second town in two days as a Moroc­ can-backed task force pressed its attack on re­ bel-held sections of Sha­ ba province. 
The government news agency reported the seizure of the agricultural town of San- ikosa after bitter fighting with Katangan rebels. 
Friday, 
Zairean and 
Moroccan troops retook 
Kawayongo, a small vil­ lage east of Sanikosa. 
The agency said troops recovered large supplies of ammunition includ­ ing Russian-made arms. 
One prisoner captured was reported by the go­ vernment to be a SAM missile unit operator, but he told newsmen: "I’m only a bow and arrow man.” 
N ew sm en deny spy charges 

BRUSSELS - Three 
European journalists ar­ rested and expelled from 
Zaire say they had no 

 intention of engaging in m ilitary or political espionage for rebel forces when they entered 
Shaba 
Province last month. 

They were among se­ ven European newsmen 
— a Briton, a German, a 
Frenchm an and four 
Spaniards — arrested in 
Shaba after crossing the border from neighboring 
Zambia. 

The Zaire government accused them of entering the province, formerly 
Katanga, illegally and attempting to spy for 
Katangan rebels. 

LLS. denies 
N k om o report 

LONDON - The Unit­ ed States is not with­ drawing its co-sponsor­ ship of a proposed 
Rhodesian constitutional conference, as reported by 2 black nationalist leader 
Joshua 
Nkomo after he met with Secre­ tary of State Cyrus 
Vance, American sources report. 

Nkomo met for 5o min­ utes with Vance Friday and later told newsmen 
Vance had told him the 
United 
States would withdraw as co-sponsor with Britain of such a conference. 

F rench rule to end in Africa 

DJIBOUTI, Afars and 
Issas — The people of this last French colony on the African mainland vote Sunday lo establish a new ministate whose strategic location makes it a prize in the East- 
West struggle for in­ fluence in Africa. 
The outcome of the re­ ferendum is a foregone conclusion because all political groups in what is officially known as the 
French 
Territory of 
Afars and Issas are de­ manding an end to 115 years of French colonial 

 rule. 
France, by agreement with the country's political parties, already has fixed June 27 as date for formal independence. 

Irish security is tightened 

BELFAST, Northern 
Ireland — Special police units tightened security around a key power plant after workers there threatened a walkout be­ cause of intimidation 

 from m ilitant Protes­ tants. 
The big Ballylumford generating station supplies two-thirds of the 
British province’s elec­ tricity. 
A shutdown would paralyze Northern 
Ireland’s industry. 
Members of a special patrol group and detec­ tives moved into the area around Ballylumford and stepped up protection of technicians’ families. 
The workers voted 
Friday not to join a fal­ tering five-day-old gen­ eral strike. 

Wed-Lok® matching 14 karat gold wedding bands 

Engraved geometric design, 14 karat gold. 
His $85. Hers $ 8 o 

Antique leaf design, 14 karat gold. 
His $ 1 o o . Hers $95. 

Florentined basket-weave design, 14 karat gold. 
His $ 1 25. Hers $1 2 o 

Engraved geometrical design, I 4S<arat gold. 
His $ 1 1 5 . Hers $ 1 1o. 

Downtown 

224 E. Houston 

Doily 1o-5:3o 

Thurs. 1o-7:3o MISSION jewelers 

South Park 

Mall 

Daily 1o-9 

Sot. 1o-6 

Mission Revolving Charge • Mission Custom Charge 
BankAmericard • Master Charge 

American Express • Diners Club • Corte Blanche • Layaway 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEW S— Sunday M ay 8 1977 

E ar tests 

H EA RIN G TESTS are ad­ m inistered to Richard 
Cramer, a Holmes High 
School teacher, by Pat 
W e stbrook of the San 
A n ton io Speech, Lan­ guage and Hearing Assn. 
The tests were given free at North Star Mall Satur­ day. Next Saturday the hearing and speech tests will be offered by the as­ sociation at Windsor Park 
Mall. 
— Staff Photo by 
H. M. Dean Jr. 
Bankers to hold m eeting 
DALLAS (AP) - I. W. 
Liddon 
McPeters, a small town banker from 
Corinth, Miss., will be the keynote speaker 
Monday for the 93rd an­ nual meeting of the Tex­ as Bankers Assn. in Dal­ las. 
Nominees for new TBA officers to be elected 
Monday include: pre­ sident, 
Charles 
L. 
Childers, Tyler, succeed­ ing S R . Greenwood, 
Temple; v ice president, 
Charles E. Cheever Jr.; 
San Antonio, succeeding 
Childers, and E.W. Wil­ liams Jr., Amarillo, suc­ ceeding R.M. Duffey Jr., 
Brownsville. 

NEW YORK TIMES SERVICE 
LOS ANGELES — Despite continu­ ing skepticism over its effectiveness, a controversial process whose inventor claims can separate water into its component parts — hydrogen and oxy­ gen — at low cost has drawn the interest of at least two major corpora­ tions. 
The Bechtel Corp. of San Francisco began negotiating with Sam Leslie 
Leach, the inventor of the process, late last winter, and has indicated that it was interested, in purchasing a worid- wide exclusive’license for the process. 
The Aluminum Co, of America in 
Pittsburgh now acknowledges that it has expressed interest iq the process, although no contract negotiations nor any testing of the technique have taken place. 
Energy boon 
An invention capable of separating the hydrogen from water at low cost, theoretically at least, would have sub­ stantial importance in helping the world meet energy needs. Pure hydro­ gen can be used as a fuel much as gasoline or natural gas. 
Inventors have tried to split water for more than a century, much as alchemists sought to turn stone into gold. But every process tested in the past has required more energy to se­ parate the hydrogen and oxygen than could be derived from the process it­ self. 
Scientists have derided assertions, including those of Leach, saying that what he claims to have invented amounts to a "perpetual motion ma­ chine” that violates certain basic laws of physics. 
Leach, a well-to-do 62-year-old Cali­ fornian who has a number of patents in optics and other fields, first made the assertions that he had developed an economic water-splitting process last year. 
Since then, he said he had repeatedly asked the United States Energy Re­ search and Development Administra­ tion to evaluate his process, but he says the government has not taken him seriously. 
Not tested 
No information has been made pub­ lic to indicate that Leach has made the technical breakthrough that he claims. 
Neither Bechtel nor Alcoa has tested the Leach machine, but the inventor has discussed some elements of the 

 scientific principles involved with re­ search specialists from both com­ panies and they apparently have taken his presentations seriously enough to enter into detailed consideration of the process 
Body and 
$5 million cash found 

 a s s o c ia t e d p r e s s 
INDIANAPOLIS - A wealthy recluse was found shot to death 
S a tu rd a y in h e r hom e here where police discovered more than $5 million in cash stuffed in trash cans, d raw ers and tool boxes. 
Police said the home had been set afire. The blaze had been set in two places, and police said they found evidence that gasoline was used to ig­ nite the fire. 
Marjorie V. Jackson, clad in flannel pajamas and a housecoat, was found dead on the kitchen floor. She had been shot once at close range with a 
. 22-caliber pistol. 
Deputy Coroner 
Charles Green said. 
Money found in the house totaled 
$5,o15,48o, according to the Marion 
County sheriff’s department. 
Marion County police Lt. Elmer L. 
McDowell said the home did not ap­ pear to have been ransacked, but it was cluttered with groceries, furniture and personal mementos. 
An estimated $2 million cash was found in a garbage can in Mrs. Jack­ son’s bedroom, detectives said, and sizable sums were found concealed elsewhere in the home; including some in a-vacuum cleaner bag. Most of the money was in $1oo bills. 
Investigators were also puzzled over what they described as a “very big spread" of food on a table. They said it appeared as if guests, were expected, although Mrs. Jackson was rarely known to entertain. 
Two Cadillac Sevilles, one unli­ censed and partly covered with a blanket, were found in the garage, de­ tectives said. 

Good things don’t always come in small packages. 

Right now, we’re having a sale that celebrates those special events that only happen once. A sale that says those once in a lifetime events deserve a once in a lifetime purchase: a Singer* sewing machine. And because we want you to have even more to celebrate, we’ve dropped prices lower than they’ve ever been before. 

OUR LOWEST PRICE EVER on the Golden 
Touch & Sew* II machine. The finest Touch & Sew* 

 machine we’ve ever made. With the exclusive 
Flip & Sew* 2-way sewing surface for easy sewing in tight places. Plus the exclusive push-button front drop-in bobbin that winds right in the machine. 
Cabinet or carrying case extra. Model 77o. 
Save $7o ss* 

THE LOWEST PRICE EVER on this Fashion M ate* zig-zag machine. 
It has a front drop-in bobbin th at’s easy to see and easy to replace. 
Cabinet or carrying case extra. 
Model 362. 
Nowonly$95 

OUR LOWEST PRICE EVER for the Diana* 56o electronic machine. Or save $1oo if you buy it with cabinet 266. Touch a button and get 14 different stit­ ches. Model 56o. 
Save3 5o?- 

I w J M M L , * J I 

: 
%,.s 
“ - s B W ii 

LORRI KELLOGG poses with her adopted Korean daughter, Jaime 
Single mother’s gift will he a daughter 

MIAMI (AP) — Mothers Day will be special for 
Lorn Kellogg. The 35-year-old divorcee, who last year became one of the first American single persons to be allowed to adopt a foreign child. will meet her second Korean-born daughter. 
Hee .Jill Jung, 23 months old, is scheduled to arrive under the care of an airline stewardess on the last leg of the long flig h t from Korea to 
Miami. 
Also at the airport, waiting to greet her new sister, w ill be Mrs. Kellogg's firs t Korean daughter. 3-year-old Jaime Myung Kellogg. 
Last July, after three years of legal red tape. 

Jaime Myung arrived from the Oh Soonzuo Or­ phanage in ('boon Chilli. Korea. 
Shortly after Jaime's arrival, the orphanage sent a picture of Hee Jill Jung, then about a year old, and Mrs. Kellogg started sending support payments. Before long, she started the paper­ work to adopt her. too. 

"I've always wanted children and would have liked about 1o.” she said. ‘T d never considered adopting an Oriental child until 1972 when I watched a TV program about orphans in pover­ ty-stricken areas of the w o rld .” 
Loving is best gift 

MRS. JEAN BLACKLER can now cud- die her autistic son Christopher 

BOSTON* (AP) - The words “ I love you. 
Mommy'' are the greatest Mother’s Day gift for 
Jean Blacker. 
She is the mother of an autistic child. Autistic children are withdrawn, acting as if people and objects almost don't exist, their speech parroted, repetitious, their bodies rocking, their hands moving aimlessly. They live in their own closed world. 
“ Autism does not mean mentally retarded,” says Mrs. B lackler. “ But autistic children usually are mentally retarded, at least partially. 
And we often say that functionally they are re­ tarded because they’re not able to learn all the things that other children are able to learn. They don't develop any language at all. Many of them don’t even talk.” 
Mrs. Bladder's child is not mentally retarded. 
Understanding 
“ We’re just beginning now to learn more spe­ cifically what autism may be and what’s wrong in the brain or in the central nervous system that gives these children so many problems with lan­ guage, and perhaps because of that, with beha­ vior in making it so hard for them to function in the normal world,’’ she says. 
Christopher Blackler is 12, but memories of his earliest days are still vivid in Jean Bladder's memory. As this Mother’s Day approached, she choked up with emotion as she recalled them. 
“ One of the things that I found very hard to take from Chris at birth — and I didn't realize it was a problem — he stiffened up in my arms. Ile would not let me cuddle him. Ile w ould not let me cuddle him. He would not let me kiss him. 
“ I didn't question this to begin with. I just thought he was one of those kids who really wasn't affectionate. But it was very painful to live with. Hindsight-wise, you know, it broke mv heart. 
D el M onte reports big sum in illeg al paym ents 

MEW YORK TIMES ser v ic e 
ASH I.MOTON - A tiled investigation by 
Del Monte Corpora- found that the food cessing company had de questionable or 

 illegal foreign payments totaling about $2 million, far above the $25o,ooo in­ itia lly disclosed last summer. 
According to a report filed with the Securities 

 and Exchange Commis­ sion F riday, the Del 
Monte payments includ­ ed $1.64 million paid to various consultants and 
$237,ooo given to junior officials to expedite tran- 
Hunts’ soybeans held up 

CHICAGO (AP) — A federal appel­ late judge upheld Saturday soybean delivery restrictions imposed on the 
Hunt family of Texas. 
His decision came despite a ruling 
Friday by Judge Frank J. McGarr of the U. S. District Court that the Hunts could accept delivery on their entire current May soybean holdings of 22.7 million bushels. 
Federal Judge Joel M. Flaume on 
Thursday had ordered the Hunts not to accept delivery of more than the legal lim it of 3 million bushels. Flaume's order was upheld Saturday by Judge 

Thomas E. Fairchild of the U. S. Court of Appeals. 
The Commodity F'utures Trading 
Commission filed suit April 28 against seven members of the Hunt family and 
Hunt Holdings Corp., contending that their soybean holdings exceeded the legal lim it of 3 million bushels allowed for an individual. 
The commission contends that the 
Hunt family, acting as a whole, repre­ sents one individual and, theriore, should be entitled to future holdings on soybeans of no more than 3 million bushels. 

 suctions or obtain other favorable treatment. 
Labor leaders in two foreign countries in pay­ ments begun in June 1971 and still continuing have received $197,ooo. The money was paid in connection with the ne­ gotiation of union con­ tracts or to preserve the safety of Del Monte em­ ployes and property. 

In one of the countries the payments ‘ ‘ proba­ bly” do not violate the law and in the other they are treated as an unfair labor practice, the com­ pany said. 

“ Such payments are typically made on a con­ fidential basis for practi­ cal reasons, regardless of the law ,” Del Monte stated. 

Son Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday May 8 1977 
Page I 5-A 

GENERAL 
N U TR ITIO N 

VITAMIN C 
5oo mg. no. 37 

■ $ 1 4 8 illil ■■ I too 

VITAMIN E 
No 
9 9 4 
5 o o m g ^ H 
■$199 
ISIS 
I J OO 

 with 
Rose 
Hips 

25o-S4 75 

No 
9 9 2 l O O O m g H 
■ $ 9 4 9 
IBI I# 

 with 
Rose 
Hips 

25o-$8 39 

Ascorbic 
AC'd 
SOO $ 3 7o 
1ooo mg. 
1 $T 
ISSS:1 I 

No 
2511 

T O 
O 
I . U 
Capsules! io OH 

25o 
$1.19 5 o * 

I IMI I ONI 
2oo IU. 
Capsules ■ 

No 
9 9 5 

Ascorbic ■ 1oO 
J \ * rn 
Acid 2 5 Q -$ 8 .7 5 J 
V 
" 

25o 
69 
$ 1 4 9 
I IOO 
UMI? OMI 

4oo1.U. 
Capsules I 

25o 
$4.88 
$ 1 9 9 
I JOO 

1 o o o 1 .u . 
C apsules! 

2oo 
$13.88?6 

No 
989 

9 9 

IOO 
UNIT OMI 
J 
Doctor develops home treatment that 
Rinses Away Blackheads in 15 minutes 
See Blackheads “ Wipe O ft" After a Single 
Queen Helene 3-Way SKIN TREATMENT 
1 
Apply "Whipped Cleansing Cream to soften pore caked dirt 
2 Smooth on Medicated Mint Masque Let Masque harden Feel its powerful drawing action gently pull out blackheads and other pore impurities 
3 
Rinse off the 
Masque and apply Mint Julep Astringent to help close pores and tone-up your complexion 
No. 224 
Complete Kit $5.oo 

EXTRA tOMG GRAIN Brown Rice 

Do not confuse with pol<*.n«d nee Only me outer hull <!» removed from Natural Brown Rice so as to preserve the valuable nee embryo 
Natural Brown Rice is a levs relined, mote nutritious rice man the white polished nee It may be used rn place of white rice and has a nutty, wholesome flavor 
Mo ADS A OZ 
LIMIT OME 
Vitamin E 
IOO I.U. 

A highest quality formulation made (rom pure vegetable oils 
>n sealed capsules lo protect potency and freshness' 
No S II 
IOO CAPSULES 
LIMIT ONE 

IO mg. Zinc Tablets 

Just 3 easy to take tablets a day provide a lull 
3o mg of June horn choice naturally chelated june gluconate—tor the high potency protection you know you want' 
No. ISE] IOO TABLETS 
LIMIT OME 

 r n 

 s o * 

2 5 * 

Kelp Tablets 
IO Grain 
Iodine Supplement 

Each tablet of mis special supplement (rom tries! natural deep sea Kelp provides o 15 mg or 'OOo* U S Recommended Daily Allowance 
(U S ROA) tor adults and children tour or more years of age of iodine 
No. 517 IOO TABLETS 
LIMIT ONE 

COMPARE SQUIBB 
Theragran-IVI to Supermen 

MULTI-VITAMINS 
WITH MINERALS 
SAME 
C 4 Q R 
FORMULA V M O 
?5o-$4.9o 
I IOO__________ 
3 B-Complex 
$5.45 

COMPARE SQUIBB eragran to 
Therapeutic 
Multi-Vitamins 
SAME 
FORMULA 
IOO 
$ 1 7 9 

5o mg. IN 8 FACTORS 
25o-113.oo 

COMPARE 
| GERIToL to 
GERI-GEN 
LIQUID 

SAME 
FORMULA 
16 OZ. 
$ 1 8 5 

COMPARE 
GERIToL to 
GERI-GEN 

SAME 
FORMULA 98o 
VEL-O-CEL - ere 

INSTANT BKAND NATURAL BULK PRODUCER 
FOR REH E! OF CONSTIPATION 
_ 
COMPARE TO MET AMUCll 
2 F O T 
I'RfCtD AT UP TO 5.1 89 
C K fin 
FOR A SMALLER n 4 OZ I SIZE 
* 3 -U U 

16 o2 
$2* 

COMPARE 
MILES 
oNE-A-DAY to UNI-GEN 

SAME 
FORM ULA 
ICO89o 

Compare 
Parke-Davis 
Myadec to 
Genadec 
ISAMEFORMULA 
9 

IOO 

Y tiJMMtrn, 
, ntntUnu, 
! iwdPt’l u f.I k 
/ 
'J* 

6 OZ. 
EL MOLINO 
Puffed Cereals 
Wheat /iQ o 
Corn r g o 
Millet 4t2 l 
Rjce o 9 

GOLDEN HARVEST 
LOW SODIUM 
CORN 
FLAKES 

8 OZ. 

59' 2 /M 
o9 

Natural Multi-Vitamins 
PREVENTRoN WITH ZINC 

I 

VALUABLE GNC C O U P O N * * ! 

I V t lb . l o a f < 

OROWHEAT 
BRAN’NOLA 
■ 
BREAD 
REG. 79 

Ifc M M IM i 
6 9 

Ii ll ll 
■Ii 

 l r 
I I 
8 
I 
I 
I tfr■I 
II ii■IIi 

SS 

 m i l l e r s 
* O Z . 
UNPROCESSED BAG 
BRAN 
9C 

YOU SAVE I BC 

LIMIT ONI UPHUS MAT It 1977 

B 
S 
I S i i i i H I r n ■ > ■ 
■ 
M VAI I!A B U CNC COUPON ■ 
Papaya Juice 
32 "• $2.19 
MAKES 3 TO 5 QUARTS 
LIMIT ONE. EXPIRES MBT ll. 1177 
■■tai ■§ as ai as ai a il 
■ VALUABLE GNC COUPON ■ 

FARM FRESH 
EGGS 
59 
4 

GRAD! "A " URGE 
DOZ. 

LIMIT TINO. EXPIRES MAT l l . 1*77 

VALUABLE GNC COUPON 

 l l■I 
■I 
■ll 

 f l 
■ 
R 
B 
I 

THOM PSON lib . REG. 
■SI.69 B i 
■ 4 9 
YOU SAVE 2oc 

UNIT ONE EXPIRES MAV lf. IB77 

I 
VALUABLE GNC COUPON I 
CALIFORNIA EXTRA 
LARGE 
Prunes 2/$l.49 lib Reg.83c 

LIMIT TWO. IXPINIS MAV JI. 1177 
111! 
B rn m w 

VALUABLE GNC COUPON 
CALIFORNIA 
Dates 
YOU SAVE 2oC 

■ I Vt lb 
REG. SI. 79 
■ 5 9 s t 

LIMIT ONI. EXPINES MAV ll. 1177 

 m m 

LIMIT ONI 
EXPIRES M A Y 21, 1977 H 

 i i 
H E A D oz. £ * ) 5 o 
Shampoo & H 
Conditioner $35o 

COMPARE & SAVE 

 t D 
D f l T C 
I M 
H U I U C C 
' ! - ■ •IL r I C l i v . W p B H J v C i! 

POPULAR 
HEALTH FOODS 
Raw 
Almonds 

6 oz. 99* 

Barbara's 
Coconut 
Macaroon 
Cookie 
35* 
Roman 
Meal 
Wafers 
89k 
Juice Bow! 
Fruit Juice 
25C EA. 
5 /MOO 

Bran 
16 oz. 

69« 

Barbara's 
Carob 
Brownie 
35« 

Natural 
Potato Chips 

Salted or 
Unsalted 29* 

Herb Tea 
Sampler 

*1“ 
Varieties 
Mixed 
Nuts 
■99* 

I OZ. 

4 
Varieties 

Low Sodium 
Com 8oz. 
Flakes 
47« 
GENERAL 
NUTRITION CENTERS 

6 oz. 

Tigers Milk 
Cookies 

* 1 1 9 
1o.5 oz. 

9o% High Protein 
Tablets 
2oo 
$ o 4 9 
Provide* I? gram* oi protein in 
7 teaspoonful* 

9o% High Protein 
Powder . 
No. 1414 $ / j 3 5 
Compare #th 
U 
18 OZ 

No <41o 
Hoffman v and sa ye 76c 

 rP h p— ii . ■ i ■ n** f'jut jim noteffl 

LIQUID PROTEIN 
PREDIGESTED SOLUBLE 
15 Grams of Predigested Protein per ounce. PLEASANT TASTING 
16 oz 
32 oz z* 
1/2 CAl 
1 GAl 
S g 5 o $ - | 2 ° ° S 2 3 . o o $4o.oo 

Super Biendot 
Capsules 
No. 69o 
$279 

1oo 

Compare with 
Hottman s and save 96c 

Rapid Gain Weight 
Powder 
Chocolate-No 1411 
4 ib. 
Vanilla-No. 1412 

V. 
$7 
4 9 

Blendol Capsules 

No. 689 iQQ 

8 9 
Compare with 
Hoffman's ana save 46c 

Rapid Gain Weight 
Tablets No. 1415 
2oo 
$4 29 

Compare *ith 
Hoffman 5, andi.ave 39c 
J 

Granola 
49e 
1 lb. BAG 

UMH ONI EXPIRES MAV ll. 1977 
' 
' 

 m m VAI GABLE GNC COUPON B l 
■ APPLE BRAN 
16 OZ. 
Iran o lasiw 
SWI I UNH) PHIM MONI Y ft 
■ YOU SAVE IGC 
UMI) ONI UPHUS MAY S. ll// y l e u i B f i e i i i v 
VALUABLE GNC COUPt 
Alia DENA 
3 fOR 
YOGURT 
$ | 19 
NO WSfRVATIVIS 
I tWH HNI o 
■ 
WITH HONfY uMtriMktt RIG 49< 
IN ffltlHliHINlWii mil llllt ia V; k M m w n m m m m m m M 

■ ii 

• I 

 r n 

■ i i i i 

RAW 
Wheat Germ 

I lb. REG. 594 49° 

LIMIT ONI ((PINES MAV ll . 1977 

Barbara's 
Peanut 
Butter 
Crunch 
35- 
Yogurt 
Sesame 
Chips 
E E V 
IRF 
4 OZ. 

Dr. Bonners 
Sesame 
Chips B 

5 oz. 6 9 « 
Fruit 
Rolls 

V K C 

Famous Diet Formula theAUinOIE 
Kelp, Lecithin, Cider 
Vinegar, Vitamin B*8 
Tablet. 
America's Most Warned Formulation! 
1oo-S1.49 
5oo-56.88 

COMPARE 

 r n 

DouMe M e Potency 
(Take 3 Deify) No. 65 too 
$2.98 

5oo- $ 1 3 .8 8 

'U K E EAT 

"MODEL-ETTS” HELPS CURB YOUR APPETITE- 
HELPS YOU LOSE THAT EXTRA WEIGHT • NO 
CALORIE COUNTING! • NO EXERCISES) • NO 
SPECIAL DIETS! 

Thanks to a group O* New York doctors you can now lose pounds of ugly '.ii without going on any soeoal diet without cutting out any special foods 
HELPS REDUCE HUNGRY MOMENTS 

These New York doctors discovered a food adiuvant catted MODEL 
ETTS 
Model efts does remarkable things it helps you cut down your caloric intake by a natural automatic curbing of me appetite and ot me desire for roods resulting automatically'n a reduced intake of food 
The doctors carefully checked results and here rn what they found 
1 W eight losses of o to 2 o pounds w ithout any Ml e h e t's whatsoever 
2 9 6*5 of the men and wom en *,ho used 
Mode* efts lost w eight 
"M od e l efts is absolutely safe i t ,% a food adjuvant nor a drug so . 
Start today to shed those unw anted pounds and inches if your cond' bon is glandular or organic see your doc. tor 
Model ens may help you stay on the diet your d octo r recom m ends Ask him about it 
One Model efts Waler 
,, has the hunger satis 
2 M O N TH 
A n | a f r i i 
8UPPlY 
o l» y eggs or 6 slices ot white 
C C ( 1 1 1 bread yet it contains 
N O . 
7 8 7 v U t l A 
J o n ly 6 calories 

Q u a n t i t i e s L I M I T E D - H U R R Y ! 
S h o p t h e G N C S t o r e N e a r e s t Y o u ! 

516 I. HOUSTON ST. 
CENTRAL PARK MALL 
MCCRELESS MALL 
SOUTH PARK MALL 
WINDSOR PARK MALL 

 rn 

% 

 rn 

HIGHLAND MALL, AUSTIN 
PADRE-STAPLES M ALL, CORPUS CHRISTI 
LA PLAZA M ALL, MCALLEN 
AMIGoLAND M ALL, BROWNSVILLE 
TEMPLE MALL, TEMPLE 

 m m m m m m m w m im portant notice m m m m m m m m m fkmwjwoi m«*il«cti#WXj oekiys some tims eflereil ri OU, Wt'ian "OI Be .ivwrftm- al It** lime rn h m 
We reunfi w v nconvemence mw rn.* caus* We snai Cie n*oc, Ic 'Wu* * ranch*, * 'O' any advertisee aet- mat • temoor«*y ynavatatke 

WE PAY 
POSTAGE 
Mail Orders Promptly Filled e x c e p t 

B r in a o r m a il to . G N C . 
J K t e O! 
Dent k k o i 
2 2 4 CENTRAL PARK MALL, SAN A N TO N IO , TX 7 8 2 1 6 NOTED 
Dept KK O' 

PLEASE ALLO W 2 -3 WEEKS FOR DIUVERV 

Enclosed is $ . 
P R O D U C T N A M E 
.Please snip the following 
H ow Many Sue 
Price 
TOTAL 

It order under $5 OO add 5o« handling TOTALS 

NAME.. 

ADDRESS 

CITY......... 

.....A P T . NO... s u n ............... r i r l X L 

Urn!! (IPU . I Ar Inra fTVHf JI. ta/# 
|M t m m m m m m m m m W 
% 

I VAIUABLE GNC COUPON 
TO A S T E D 
16 OZ. 
Wheat Germ 
59° 

LIMIT ONE. EXPIRES MAV IT. 1977 

■you siYi rn 

 m 

Ila a i i i r f l 
VALUABLE GNC COUPON 

 l l i i 
>1 l C 
A■I ll ii l l 
IS 

 f l l l■I■I■I 
IS 

 f l■I 
■I 
■I s 

 f l i i ii ll ll 

Sesame Snacks 
2/$1.39 
REG 79C EACH 
UMIT TWO, EXPIRES MAY It, 1977 

I 
I I 
IR 
IB 

SEA 
SALT 
5 OZ. SHAKER 

WU. tiriH K B WHI JI. u | 

VALUABLE GNC COUPON 

L IM IT ONE 9 * 
YOU SAVE 8C 

LIMIT ONI. EXPIRES MAV l l . 1977 

VALUABLE GNC COUPON 

COCONUT 
Macaroons 
12 oz. TIN 

WAT JI, I I f f 
M| 
■ ■ ■ ■ I P 
■ B i 
$119 lls I 

LIMIT ONI. EXPIRES MAV ll . 1977 

VALUABLE GNC COUPON 
TOASTED 
Soybeans r n 
S VARIETIES 12 oz. 

LIMIT ONI. EXPIRES MAV ll. 1977 

I 
II 
I iii ll 
II l l 
HI 

VALUABLE GNC COUPON 
Sunflower i4oz. 
Kernels 
CAN $1.29 

LIMIT ONI. EXPIRES MAV ll. 1977 
M J 
VAIUABLE GNC COUPON 

CREAM CREST 
MILK AQ 
•/* GALION 
W m 
4 

UMI! ONE 

VALUABLE GNC COUPON 

 l l ll■I ll ll r 

■■I 
■I 
Bi ll 
■I ll 

OLO FASHIONED 
PEANUTS 
BUTTER 
8 9 « 
YOU SAVE IOC I 

LIMIT ONE. EXPIRES MAV ll . 1177 

VALUABLE GNC COUPON 
Save $1.oo 
H 
H 
H 
CLOVER 
— Honey y?;M 
3 ^ 9 9 

■ 
H i 5 Ib. CAN 

 a LIM IT ONI EXPIRES MAV 31. 1977 

SavU 
THE MONEY SAVER 
WAREHOUSE 

2fe I™ 

- r 
_________________________________________ __________________ 

 peuwg 

/ a s r m s 
A u r o 
N m o u in o s M um eyor. m m 

 c? 7/& 

P R IC E S O o O D fJo W v /R tf M W 
o 

 g j f i i M 
Y c f t j * g 
I p z f w e t 

* f o^ 

 ber o rt m e t rim s 
Q oao Arr i\|£\A/ &rofz€6> 

Z?. . 

$ 3&ZZ /= - r/A /A //-*V 4 y 

G . s o 

«~y z z %** 

 s c /T m 
M C K . 

CAr r a t o W 

C H O C O LA TE 
M UC pew ewe... Serene 

 r n 

Fi€£TA ^2_ o2. C&LU2 && 

 b l a c k 

B u v w e ... B e r e d e 

MOKTbA/'g 4 & fs / z e 

P d a h 
C 
H t t Q 

 g u y a r ff... 6 e r o t fe L 

EL-FbfO Kcz.PfcP. 
7 & R T /L L A 

C f f iF S 
BW ex/e., TeroMe, 

PRICED ITEMS. BELOW GOOD AT ALL 
M O R E S ! 

P olly FARMS 
'C f 
S W FT guTT 

F R SSM 
Love STAR 
M SR/T S U CSC? 

S C A B m iM tiZ I K O T I BABL I Saco/ / 
SO\t6& \*mVto 

Per R it z . 

 p te i 

 t o 

P O oz. 
A te 

 fC R A P T 
ARRO W P H 
P R A F T 
C h eese s pr &ac? 

 f f n t o 
B 
& m 
[ V 
Q 
M 
S m 

 r n 

Pfo/veep G F& c/fep noun 

4k 
BM - 7 $ 

2 k 
PR6S. 
29/k 
Bag- 

 i9 a ca c7 s / z & 

C o w 
\ m m e s 

T 
^ x i s 

 i 
9am. 'lolORM.Paili) J fo r Your Shopping Gonmierm 

8uy yourself the sporting equipment you've been wanting. Vou'H find great buys in today's Want Ads. 

Call 
225-1666 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday M ay 8 1977 
New food additives are 'hitchhikers ’ 

The average Ameri­ can consumes five pounds of food addi­ tives a year — a little preservative here, a little artificial color­ ing there, some fake sweetener. 

 originated with 
Dr. the idea. 
Alejandro Zaffaroni, pre- 
The c h a lle n g e to sid e n t of A lza Corp.,*" c h e m is ts w as to form known for in n o v ativ e m edical d ev elo p m e n ts, in clu d in g a h o rm o n al co n tra cep tiv e effective for a full year. Dynapol 
(dynamic polymers) was formed in 1972 to develop 

 polym ers carrying effec­ tive food additives in such a way that neither would be absorbed, or the two se p arate d , by digestive juices, bacteria, storage in heat or light or other 

 agents, Goldy said in an interview. 
The experimental addi­ tiv e s a re bonded co v a le n tly to the polymers, in effect m ean­ ing they are welded on at every possible chemical link, he said. 
The additives are such a 

 tiny volum e of th e food that the colorings do not affect the color of body wastes, he added. 
Food co lo rin g s h av e been produced th a t look identical to the reds, greens, yellows and other co lo rs now in u se , o r recently banned, that in­ 

 crease eye appeal of ma ny foods. 
Sweeteners, including su g ar, ae t p h y s ic a lly upon protein receptors in taste buds to C reate sig ­ nals meaning sweet taste perceived, G oldby said. 
The a d d itiv e s b ein g developed here act in the 

 sa m e w ay . B ut u n lik e sugar or saccharin, they are not absorbed by the body and c a n ’t contribute calories. 
The p r e s e r v a tiv e s or anti-oxidante m ixed into foodstuffs a c t as sc a v e n g e rs to remove chemicals known as free 

 radicals that can form in c e rta in foods to m a k e them rancid, or to ta ste bitter, Goldby said Once consumed, they quit and have no other effect 
T h e s a m e concept of cre a tin g p olym ers with influential hitchhikers al­ so p ro m is e s fu tu re a p ­ 

 p licatio n in c o s m e tic s , such as lipsticks o r eye shadows, in some kinds of d rag s, and in in d u strial dyes and pigments, as in d jin g paper with no hazardous effluent or waste, or bleeding of color out of paper once it was formed, Goldby said. 

PLAY A LITTLE 

With A Want Ad. 
It's smart, profitable and so easy. 
Call now for an Ad 

Call 
225-1666 

The FDA has banned som e suspected of being harmful. But some new ones are on the horizon. 

Developers call them hitchhikers. 
They say they can’t hurt you because they don’t go anywhere. 

By ALTON 
BLAKESLEE 

ASSOCIATED PRESS SCIENCE EDITOR 

M A UNIT OF ALLI 
SHOP ALL STORES 1o'T 

CALO ALTO. Ca- lif. — An ingenious new family of hitch­ hiker food additives works on foods, but not on you. 
They can create appe- tizin g colors, p r e s e rv e 
’ foods, promise to substi- tu te for s u g a r a n d s a c ­ charin. 
But they q u it w ork when the foods are eaten. 
They aren’t absorbed by th e body. H ence they d o n ’t supply a sin g le calorie and c a n ’t ca u se cancer or other trouble, their developers say. 
Hitchhikers 
T hese food a d d itiv e s are hitchhikers just going along for the ride, in a real sense. 
T hey a re c h e m ic a ls bonded to special polymers. P olym ers are s u b sta n c e s m ad e up of 

* repeated links, hundreds to millions, of the same unit, folded upon th e m ­ selves. Common ones in­ c lu d e ce llu lo se , a n ­ tibodies, plastics and pro­ teins. 
W hile very tin y , th e special new polymers still are too large to pass through the sm all intes­ tine into the bloodstream. 
Thus, they and their piggy-back food additives jo u rn ey p a s s iv e ly through the body. 
Experiements tag­ ging the additives with radioactive carbon atoms show they don’t enter the blood or organs of test an­ im a ls, say s 
S teven 
G oldby, a c h e m is t an d lawyer. Canter 
Heis president of Dyn­ ap o l, the firm develo- p in g h e a d d itiv e s th a t m ay re­ place some of those, like certain food dyes and sac­ c h a rin , b an n e d by th e 
Food and Drug Adminis­ tration on suspicion thut they m ight cause cancer or other harm. 
It is e s tim a te d th a t some 25oo different food additives now a re being put in A m ericans’ food, with the average person consuming five pounds of them a year. 
It m ay be th ree y ea rs before the new additives com e to m arket, Goldby says. It will take longer to perfect the sweeteners, all said to taste hundreds of tim es sweeter than su­ gar. 
T he concept of h itc h ­ hiker food additives that c a n ’t affect th e body 

Score your match point with a lot of style in cool polyester-cotton tenniswear from Jockey 

Get out your tennis racket and get into the ac­ tion this summer in fresh and washable tennis­ w ear of polyester-cotton designed by Jockey. 
Near right: solid white shirt with navy and yellow trim on V-neck and sleeves, 1o.oo. 
Tennis shorts with inset of contrasting colors over front pockets, adjustable side tabs, in white with blue and yellow trim, 15.oo. Right: striped shirt with spread collar. In navy and red or navy and green on cream, 16.oo. 
Tennis shorts with inset front pockets, in. cream, 13.oo. Shirts in sizes S,M,L,XL. Shorts in 32-38. Men's Sportswear, Downtown, North 
Star, Windsor Park, Austin. Charge it! 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday May 8 1977 

COLLAGE 

Save 4.51! Collage multiple opening frame 
799 

Orig. 12.5o. Display several sizes and shapes of pic­ tures at one time with this gold-tone frame by Burlies of Boston! Brown mat. Stationery, Downtown, North 
Star, Windsor Park, Las Palmas and Austin. 
JOSH B’S u 
A UNIT OF ALLIED STORES 

M s 

CHERISH 

Style 51 
Unmounted Shoe 
Bright Bronze 

NOW$ 
ONLY w e a c h 
Reg. $7.95 

Style 62 O v al 
M in iatu re, 
N O W 
Lte S2295 
Reg $27.95 

Style 31 
— 
„ 
W alnut 
Style 82 
Style 5o 
B ase, I Shoe. NOW 
A shtray, 
NOW 
Bookends. 
Bright 
I Shoe, 
$ I o 9 5 
£ n g h t 
B ro,™ 
S1225 B r,chi 
I 3 
S ron2' „ 
, $ o » 
4 5 
Reg $15.oo Bronze 
Reg $16 95 ^ 
24 p a ir 

Now, for 3 weeks only, you can preserve every scuff and crease of your precious baby's shoes. Bronzed shoes are the perfect way to make these adorable years last. Perfect gift for Dad on Father's Day. 
Stationery, Downtown, North Star, Windsor Park and 
Austin. Hurry! Sale ends May 28! 
JOSME’S 
WI A UNIT OF ALLIED STORES 

COMPUTE 

Save 19.96 on the 
TIS I OO calculator 
49 
99 

Orig. £9.95. Get this handy Texas Instruments calculator now at this special low price. Features 4- key electronic memory, item count key, floating decimal, and easy to read display, calculators, 
Downtown, North Star, Windsor Park, Las Palmas and Austin. Charge it! 
JOSKE’S s a A UNIT OF ALLIED STORES 

Ex-NOW chief was many things 

ASSOCIATED WIESS 
SYRACUSE, N.Y. 
— 
Karen 
DeCrow used to be a lot of things. 

She used to be an all- 
American girl who tried to act stupid and helpless to attract men. She used to be m arried and a du­ tiful housewife — twice. 
She used to be re s o rts ed ito r for Golf D igest magazine. 
She was editor of “ The 
Pregnant Teenager” and a u th o r of “ T he Y oung 
Woman’s Guide to Liber­ ation” and “ Sexual J u s ­ tice.” She was an unsuc­ cessful c a n d id a te for mayor of Syracuse. 
And until a few days ago. she was president of 
NOW, the N ational O r­ ganization for Women. 
But she leaves the wo­ m en’s rights group with d ec lin in g m e m b e rs h ip and trying to heal itself of a bitter dissension so se rio u s th a t 
NOW founder B etty F rie d a n once threatened to start a rival organization. 
She also le av e s at a time when the w om en’s m ovem ent has suffered s e v ere s e tb a c k s — the d efe a t of th e 
E q u al 
R ights A m e n d m e n t in 
New York. New Je rse y and Florida, leaving that 
No. I goal of NOW still three states short of en­ actment and a more dis­ tant possiblity than ever before. 
Spark 
The housewife turned c r u s a d e r for w o m e n ’s 
Equality p ro b a b ly has sparked more dissension within the country’s lar­ gest w om en’s rights o r­ ganization than any time in its 1o-year history. 
Internal disputes, fired by Ms. DeCrow’s differ­ en ces w ith h e r hoard m em bers, plagued NOW during her first term and c a m e to a head at the raucous NOW convention in 1975 at which she nar­ rowly won re-election. 
But in recent months, fighting has subsided and one of Ms. DeCrow’s hot­ ly d eb a te d p o licies — m ore political involve­ ment by NOW’, including v ig o ro u s c a m p a ig n s ag a in s t an ti-E R A and anti-abortion candidates 
— seem s to be bearing fruit, at least in one or two instances. 
Indiana in January be­ c a m e the 35th s ta te to ratify the ERA, thereby breaking a two-year log­ ja m over its ad o p tio n . 
Ms. DeCrow took credit on NOW’s behalf. 
“ It’s obvious that the strategy of defeating an­ ti-ER A c a n d id a te s worked in Indiana,” she said. 
Healthy 
Supporters regard the troubles of Ms. DeCrow’s presidency as an inevita­ ble but healthy result of her efforts to broaden the membership. 
H er m ost o u tsp o k e n critic, Ms. Friedan, says the problem is Ms. De­ 
Crow’s “ pseudo-radical r h e to r ic ” and h e r a t ­ te m p ts to d iv e rt NOW from the interests of the 

 m a jo rity of A m eric an w om en — w hite, m id ­ dle-class A m erican wo­ men. 
“ No m a tte r w h a t’s done, it offends so m e,” 
Ms. DeCrow says with a shrug. “ The tim id, cau­ tious people are not going to change the world.” 
At 39. Ms. D eC row ’s personality and style are as controversial as her ideological d ifferen ces with so m e 
NOW m e m b e rs . She can be m a d d e n in g ly flip p a n t, unyielding and indepen­ dent. 
At th e 
D e m o c ratic 
National Convention, for in stan ce, she flatly re­ fused to accep t a c o m ­ p ro m ise w ith J im m y 
C a rte r th a t p ro m ise d som ew hat less than the 
5o per cen t re p re s e n ta ­ tion at future conventions that' women convention d e le g a te s had p re sse d for. 
“ If God can o rd ain equal rep resen tatio n of women and men, can the 
D e m o c ra tic P a rty do less?” she demanded. 
Ms. DeCrow is adept at getting publicity for each round in h er flight against sex d isc rim in a­ tion. When she decided to c h a lle n g e “ m en o n ly ” policies at bars and res­ ta u ran ts, she chose the 
115-year-old m ale san c­ tuary of McSorley’s Ale 
House in New York City. 
Her court suit forced the bur to open its doors to women. 
Not again 
Asked once w h e th e r she would m arry again, the tw ice-divorced Ms. 
DeCrow said she doubted it, m ainly because, “ it just isn’t my cup of tea,” and because she is con­ vinced “ the best sex and friendships occur outside of m arriage.” 
Ms. D eC row , whose slig h tly o v erw eig h t fra m e b e tra y s her e n th u s ia s m for food, cheerfully acknowledges that the p erq u isities of travel and prestige were a big a ttra c tio n of her job. 
“ No job I’ve ever had is as much fun as being president of NOW. I don’t know' any man or woman 
— with the exception of 
Jim m y C arter — whose life is as interesting as mine,” she said one day recently as she relaxed at lier home. 
One re c e n t day. just-awakened Karen De- 
Crow, c lad in a plush long robe and squinting to see without her contact lenses, opened her front door at ll a.m. 
“ I’m a nightuwl,” she explained. 
Within a few minutes, she had c h a n g e d into blue jeans and a denim shirt. She made a cup of in stan t coffee, lit a c i­ g are tte, settled into an easy c h a ir and s ta rte d talking about her recent trip to C hina, h er u p ­ b rin g in g , the war between the sexes, her life as NOW president. 
She grew up in Chicago in what she describes as a h ap p y , m id d le -c la s s 
Jewish family “ with no boys.” She was a “ gutsy 

 kid who thought I could do anything I w anted,” and in high school she 
“ ran a lm o st e v e r y th ­ ing,” got straight A’s and had no shortage of dates. 

At N orthw estern Uni­ versity’s Mediil School of 
Journalism , from which she w as g r a d u a te d in 
1959 she continued to get excellent grades and was news editor of the college newspaper. But she was m a in ly in te re s te d in finding a husband “ who would be a g rea t great success.” 

“ I used to sit around the coffee shop looking for medical students, or sit in that part of the li­ brary where the law stu­ dents studied. I certainly would have been against w om en’s liberation and shocked by the idea of a woman making as much or m o re than h er h u s ­ band.” 

Six m onths after g ra ­ duation, she was m arried to a law student. 

F ro m the s ta r t , she says, she em braced the tra d itio n a l role of the 
A m erican wife. She en­ joyed her various writing and editing jobs, but she regarded her No. I occu­ pation as wife. 

Housework 

In both m arriages, she m oved w h e re h e r h u s­ b a n d s ’ jobs took them and did m ost of the housework.” She says: 

“ I had gotten the mes­ sage very clearly — that women are subordinate to men, (hat women are s u p p o se d to be h elp ­ m a te s , th a t m en a re judged by their actions, women by their ap p ear­ an ces, and th at, as Si­ mone de Beauvoir says, men are punished for tie­ ing failures, women are punished for being suc­ cesses." 

Though Karen DeCrow became a feminist for a m ost conventional r e a ­ son, sh e is re g a rd e d 

 these days as something of a radical in NOW'. 
She decided not to run for another term as pre­ sident. which brings up the question, what will the o n c e -p re sid e n t of 
NOW do now. 

“ I have lots of lovely altern ativ es,” she says. 
“I’m definitely going to w rite a book on my trif5 to 
China and practice law. 

“ M aybe I II run for KAREN D eCRO W now wants a society t ongress. w here gender m akes no difference 

Little Girls' 
Sandals by Funstrider 

Arch support sandals give lots of protection to growing feet. Left: W hite leather thong bottom so les, and gold-tone buckle, sizes 9-12, 
9.oo. 13-3, 1o.oo. Bottom: 
Rainbow sole sandals with all leather uppers, and a double buckle on vamp, in white or natural. Sizes 5-8, 
9.oo; 9-12, 1o.oo; 13-3, 11.oo. 
By Funstrider for Children's 
Shoes, Downtown, North 
Star, Windsor Park, Austin. 
Charge it! 

^saiimieaBmitBgeeaBBeBesesosaBeaeaeiBeeamsie^ 
JOSHES 

 u 
A UNIT OF ALLIED STORES 
SHOP ALL STORES IO 'TIL 9 MONDAY! 

San Antonio EXPRESS-N E W S — Sunday M ay 8 1977 
» 
Facie 
3-_B 
’Helping hand’ her life’s philosophy 

Caring for people and giving a helping hand is Rose M ary Cer­ vantes' way of life. 

After all. where would she be now if people had not taken the time to care about her? 
Adopted at the age of 2, Rose Mary didn’t find out until after she was married and had two children of her own. 
"I decided to do all I could for young people to help them attain their life's ambitions,” she now recalls. 
She has followed that goal. Because of the different ways she has given a helping hand, she lias been given the title of “go-giver” by Continental Can 
Co.’s company magazine. 
M rs, Cervantes is comm unications coordinator for Continental, a position she has held for eight years. She is the first M exiean-A m erican to hold the position. 

She has been with the company 2o years and started as a teletype opera­ tor. 

Bridges 
M rs. C ervantes is known to be a bridge-builder between the Mexican- 
American community and the business world in Houston, its political involv- ment and social organizations. ‘‘I be­ lieve in building bridges by getting things done,” she says. 
For instance, she "found out in the spring of 1976 that the National Aeron­ au tics and Space A d m in istration ’s 
Johnson Space Center near Houston had tried to recruit Mexiean-American youngsters for summer jobs but failed because of lack of transportation. She 

Mrs. Cervantes says she gained con­ fidence and saw the opportunity to get ahead but the kids weren’t getting the breaks. In her IO years with the retail merchants association she watched out for openings and made sure competent 
M exican-A m ericans would get jobs. 
She broke the barrier. “ Women proved them selves both in tellectu ally and m orally.” she says. 

Her first job was as a file clerk re­ porter. After a number of managerial jobs, she went to Continental Can Co., where she has stayed for the past 2o years. 

“ I was determined that my children would have a college education,” she says. “ My husband and I have worked our way to provide a college education for our three boys. I have encouraged young girls to acquire a higher educa­ tion so that they will be able to readily stand on their own two feet in case of illness, death or w hatever fate life bestows on them .” 

She adds that the “ Mexican-Am eri­ can will progress in spite of ourselves. 
Ethnic pride and heritage all have their place. We are a minority and have accepted it. with pride I must say, but we are now foremost American citizens and should completely inte­ grate in the mainstream of society.” 

Mrs. Cervantes saw so much ridicule heaped upon those with Mexican a c­ cents that she decided that this was one of the major problems. “ Through communication comes understanding and through u nd erstan ding co m es cooperation. Pounding our chest in 

 wouldn’t tolerate this. 
The space center is 2o miles away from the city, so she had to find a way to get the kids to their jobs. She ap­ proached her em p loyer for “ seed money” to rent buses to transport the students to the center. 
Through her e ffo rts, 48 kids got summer jobs ranging from office and statistical work to computer analysis and library research. 
The native of San Antonio was placed in an orphanage at the age of nine months. When she turned two she was adopted by a Houston couple. 

Education 

Her adopted father was a firm believer in education. Her adopted parents were Mexican nationals and gave her the benefit of learning in both countries in a happy Christian home. 
Mrs. Cervantes graduated from Sam 
Houston High School and attended the 
University of Houston, Am erican Bu­ siness Institute, and Colegio Interna­ tional in Tampico, Mexico. She recalls getting her first pay check for $37.5o — 
"top salary for a steno at that tim e.” 

 ethnic pride and carrying a chip on the shoulder is a thing of the past. I think we have all realized that our future is ours to make it," she says. 

Involvement 
Her involvement in the community is as extensive as her involvement in politics. Mrs. Cervantes was the first 
Mexiean-American to become precinct chairman in Houston for the Republi­ can Party. During President Nixon's first term she was nam ed H arris 
County Chairman for the Spanish Re­ publican Com m ittee, a post she still holds. In 1974 she served as an official hostess for M rs. Rom ans Banuelos, former U.S. treasurer. 
In the late ‘6os she chaired the fund raising cam paign for the M agnolia 
YWCA, the first new building with re­ creational facilities in Houston’s Mex­ iean-Am erican com m unity. She also served as chairm an of the committee of adm inistration for the YWCA of 
Houston. 
In the mid’6os she became vice pre­ sident and later secretary of the Hous­ ton Youth Symphony, the first Mexi­ ean-American to hold office. 
Mrs. Cervantes is the first woman on the board of d irectors of A m erican 
National Bank, Houston. In August of 
1976 she was appointed by H a rris 
County Judge Jon Lindsay to serve for two years as health commissioner for 
Houston-Galveston Area Health Coun­ cil. 
She has also tau gh t citizen sh ip classes, chaired the LULAC Council 
No. 22 scholarship committee and is a m em ber of the L eagu e of W om en 
Voters. 
She is married to Valentino “ Tino” 
Cervantes. 
ROSE M A R Y CERVANTES 

Dedication 
Rewarded 

Veronica Salazar 

SHOP ALL STORES I O 'TIL 9 MONDAY! 

 he newest ... when you w ant a bright fashion look, team a draw string waist, bold print louson with your favorite pants, gauchos, or skirts. It's a cool and ca re fre e look of com - s ta b le polyester, with ca p sleeves and a b ateau neckline ... you'll w ant m ore than one! Left 

3 right: A. vertical m ulti-color striped top; B. geom etric print, blouson; C. monotone striped 

3p in navy or red on white. Sizes 8-18. Sun Country Sportsw ear, Downtown, North Star, 
Windsor Park, Austin. C h a rg e it! 

A UNIT O F ALLIED STORES 

Patterned, cap sleeved polyester blousons 

 sage 
4-B 
San Antonio EXPR ES5-N EW S— Sunday M a y 8 1 9 7 7 

.. . . 
-v ': ' 

^ 
L ' * « v * 
* 
% 
' 
< 
• 
_ _ f 
- s * . . 
■' 
• ■ 
' 
■ *• 

NORTHERN HILLS COUNTRY CLUB recently add ed pro shop and dining room 

Country club expands 

Northern Hills Country Club, 132o2 
Scarsdale, has completed a new pro shop and an addition to its dining facilities. 
The new Fiesta Room overlooks the skyline of San Antonio and the adja­ cent Northern Hills subdivision as well as the club’s own swimming pool and 
18-hole golf course. 
With seating for 45o, the Fiesta 
Room opens onto the Skyline Room to accommodate an additional 15o. The rooms are available for rent to both m e m b e rs and n o n -m em bers for parties, meetings, receptions and the like. 
Another addition is the pro shop with complete equipment for the golfer ranging from clothing to clubs. A staff of golf professionals are available to assist in selection. 
Other facilities at the club include a driving range, putting green, pool, kiddie pool, locker and dressing areas, pool snack bar, 19 tennis courts, eight of which are lighted, the Skyline 
Lounge, Skyline Dining Room and 
Grill Room. 
YOU CAN WIN CASH UP TO 
$1oooJackpot 

IN THE 
GREAT COUNTRY 
MUSIC GAME 

New lawn care method is here 

LISTEN NOW TO KKYX 68 FOR DETAILS. 

A newly developed method of lawn care and fertilization is now avail­ able in San Antonio. 
A-Perm-o-Green Lawn, 
Inc., 617 N. Flores,offers a series of treatments of liquid fertilizer and in­ secticide designed to . promote strong, healthy growth while ridding the grass of unwanted pests. 
The m ethod begins with a visit from the a- 
Perm -o-G reen staff, which examines the lawn for problem s and pro­ vides a free estimate for treatment based on the area to be sprayed rather than the size of the lot. 
A-Perm -o-Green offi­ c ia ls recom m end four se a so n a lly ad ju sted treatments a year. 
A balanced application of nitrogen, phosphorus, 

 p o ta ssiu m and 
“ m ic ro -n u trie n ts” is sprayed in the spring for a strong green leaf and stem. 
In early sum mer, an­ other balanced applica­ tion includes fertilizers plus insecticides for con­ trol of gru b w orm s, chinch bugs and other pests. 
In m id-sum m er, hot weather nutrients in a seasonally balanced for­ mula are applied, plus in secticides, aim ed at second generation chinch bugs. 
Essential nutrients are mixed with a winterizer and fungicide in the fall application to promote deep root growth. 
The a-Perm -o-G reen program was developed to meet the growing sea­ 

 son, temperature and soil conditions in this area, noted B u rt C handler, general m anager of the local franchise. 
He also noted the benefits of liquid ferti­ lizer. “ A liquid can be applied evenly to prevent streaking and spotting. It is pre-mixed and agitated before being sprayed so the nutrients are distri­ buted evenly on the lawn. 
“ Plus, you don’t have to worry about rain with liquid fertilizer, since rain helps the formula penetrate deep into the lawn’s root systems and stim ulates arow th,” he pointed out. 
Su pp lem en tal tr e a t­ ments are available for trees and de-thatching. 
It is not necessary for a family member to stay 

 home while an applica­ tion is being made. The a-P erm -o-G reen staff v isits the hom e, and completes its work inde­ pendently, leavin g a statement for the home­ owner. 
A p p licato rs, e s tim a ­ tors and managers of the firm are licensed by the 

T e x a s 
P est 
Control 
Board. 

“ Lawn fertilization is our specialty, not a side­ line,” said 
Chandler. 
“ Our main concern is a beautiful healthy lawn and a sa tisfie d customer.” 
Further information is available at 226-2387. 

Savings on Army-Navy and Capri tablecloths 

SALE! Save 5.o1'to 15.o1! 
Belcrest's Army-Navy sets 
9 

J Q 
44x44 inch with 4 napkins reg. 15.oo 

68x9o inch size with 6 napkins, reg. 4o.OO.now 32.99 
68x1o6 inch size with 12 napkins, reg. 5o.oo now39.99 
6ox124 inch size with 12 napkins, reg. 65.oo now49.99 
7o inch round with 6 napkins, reg. 4o.oo . .now28.99 

Now you can have the beauty of Belcrest's Army- 
Navy tablecloth and matching napkins at low prices. 
The beauty is further increased by the easy care. 
Made of 65% Dacron polyester and 35% combed cot­ ton, it is permanent press. 

Save 2.1o to 4.o1! Capri fashions by Timely Linens 
9 

Q Q 
52x7o oblong 
UsJ or oval, reg. 12.oo 

6ox86" oblong or oval, reg. 18.oo now 14.99 

6ox1o8" oblong or oval, reg. 22.oo now 
17.99 

68" round, fringed, reg. 19.oo now 14.99 

Napkins, reg. 1.5o now 
1.29 

Joske's exclusive Capri tablecloth by Timely Linens combines beautiful texture and color with easy care. 
Made of 1oo% polyester, they're permanent press with a soil release finish. Choose from 5 colors, white, bone, brown, yellow and green. Table Linens, 
Downtown, North Star, Windsor Park and Austin. 

WIN TWO 
TICKETS 
TO SEE 
IH E 
C aptain 
^ftNNlLU 

FR O M THE 
EXPRESS & NEWS! 

They’re bringing their super show to the 
Convention Center Arena on M ay I 7 and you can see it absolutely FREE if you’re one of our ten winners w ho’ll win T W O 
TICKETS EACH to the show! Just fill in the coupon below and mail it in. Then look in the Sunday Express-News on M ay 
15 for the names of the winners! 
2o TICKETS WILL 
BE GIVEN AWAY! 

I MAIL TO: 
{ CAPTAIN & TENNILLE CONTEST 
| Express and News 
■ P.O. Box 2171 
San Antonio, Texas 78797 

I N AM E..................................................................... 

SHOP ALL STORES IO 'TIL 9 MONDAY! 

ADDRESS 

I CITY 
PHONE 
NUMBER 

ZIP 

IIIIIIIIIII 

A MEMBER of the a-P erm -o-G reen staff ap p lies ane of four season al applications 

Have it your way, Mac 

N e w y o r k t im e s s e r v ic e 
CORAL GABLES, Flu. — The sizzling question in the fast-food league this year is whether 
Whopper College, having hired away the team captain of Ham- burger University, will now mount a m ajor bid for the championship. 
Whopper College is, of course, the training camp of Burger King, the 
H am burger U niversity drills the players at M cD onald's. These are serious school names and, indeed, the mass-marketing of hamburgers is a serious business; Ray Krock, the founder of McDonald’s, has explained its supremacy this way: “ We take it more seriously than anybody else.” 
Donald N Smith is also a young man who takes burgers very seriously. He says that after a tense day or two in the office, he finds it relaxing, “a kind of therapy to head for a fast-food outlet. 
Last New Year’s Day, a Saturday, 
Smith stepped up to the highest field rank in the industry, senior executive vice president in charge of operations and m arketing at McDonald s. The following Monday, his first working day under the new title, he resigned, cleared out his desk and left to become president of Burger King. 

Out of the deep frier 

The switch set the hot-stove league buzzing. It raised three major ques­ tions: Why would Burger King, the fastest-growing segment of the Pills- bury Co., want to change captains at this point? Why would Smith abandon 
I# even more fast-growing 
McDonald’s chain of more than 4,ooo outlets for the 1,7oo of Burger King? 
And what does Burger King have up its sleeve now? 
Talks with some of the players shed some light on these mysteries, but also deepen the shadows. One key factor seems to be that William H. Spoor, who became chairman of PiUsbury four years ago and has been shaking up its executive personnel ever since, does not seem to care for playing Avis to 
McDonald’s Hertz indefinitely. 
Pillsbury does not disclose how much each of its subsidiaries earns, but describes the contribution of 
Burger King as very satisfactory. Still, although sales by the Burger King chain rose 21 per cent last year to $75o million, sales per outlet rose only 5 per cent — mainly reflecting price in­ creases — to a bit more than $5oo,ooo. 
This is far below the McDonald’s average and helps explain why 
McDonald’s profits are believed to be nearly IO times larger than Burger 
K ing’s. (O ther reasons are that 
McDonald s is two-and-one-half times bigger, and unlike Pillsbury it owns most of its physical plant and rents to franchisers.) 
Authorities observe, incidentally, that McDonald’s is the only m ajor fast-food chain that is not owned by a conglomerate, and they remark that some of the others have been faring poorly of late — but not Burger King. 
The chief credit for this is unani­ mously given to the television jingle 
“ Have It YOUR Way,’’ words by Ri­ chard Mercer and music by the ap­ propriately nam ed Dennis Berger, both of Batten, Barton, Durstine & Os­ borne, the advertising agency. The slogan brilliantly exploited the only material difference to the consumer between a McDonald's and a Burger 
King hamburger. 

Whopper fatter 
Nutritionists, who are not enthusias­ tic about either, say there is no differ­ ence to speak of: the Whopper starts out heavier than the Big Mac, but the edge is in fat. Both are cooked brown in advance and then are stocked in warming bins. 
But the Big Mac is stored fully dressed, while the Whopper waits nude on its bun for the customer’s order. 
This may be for the works: mayonnaise, catsup, pickles, to­ matoes, onions, lettuce. Or, hold the mayo, or the mustard, or the lettuce. 
Have it your way. 
Not content to rest on its laurels, 
Pillsbury switched the $35 million 
Burger King account last Sept. 3o from 
B.B.D.&O. to J. Waller Thompson and adopted a new cheering slogan, 
“ America loves burgers, and we are 
America’s Burger King.” No reason was given for the switch. (A Madison 
Avenue observer commented, “Creati­ vity is near the bottom of the list of reasons for c lie n ts’ changing agencies.’’) 
Less than two months later. Leslie 
VV. Paszat suddenly resigned as presi­ dent of Burger King. He had assumed the title only last June, when his old colleague. Arthur A. Rosewall, was named head of all 
Pillsbury 
Restaurant operations after serving as the Burger King president. 
Paszat’s departure was ascribed on­ ly to a difference on policy, which was not specified. Now seeking another’ post outside Pillsbury, he declined comment, but an insider said the basic reason was that Paszat had taken too 

Road to the best burger 

 elevation — that he was thenceforth in full charge. 

So Pillsbury now set out to find a take-charge man. Edward Wingate, its personnel chief, had been impressed with the way Haley A ssociates, a head-hunting firm, had found a new executive job for a former Pillsbury president. So he called Robert lr. Gette of Haley and placed the order. 
The search for a top executive can lake several years; this one lasted five weeks. Gette went through the motions of checking out several nominees, bul from the beginning, everybody seems to have agreed on the best man for the job: Donald Smith of McDonald’s. 
At 36 years of age. Smith was a ve­ teran of an industry where the average age of employes is said to be 18. Born in Ontario, the son of a mining com­ pany accountant, he worked as a youth in what he calls “ a burger-and- 
French-fries-oriented” drive-in that his father had organized in Alberta, and held similar jobs while studying marketing at the University of Mon­ tana. 
After an interlude with Montgo- mery-Ward, he joined another “ ham­ burger-oriented’’ chain in the Dakotas, then caught the eye of Fred L. Turner, chairm an of M cDonald’s. Off to 
Southern California as a trainee in 
1966, he rose so rapidly through the ranks that by 1973 he was summoned to headquarters in Chicago as chief of operations. The next promotion, which added m arketing to his responsibilities, was to take effect last 
Jan. I. 
Early in December, Smith received a telephone call from Gette, who said 
Burger King was looking for a new president. Smith said he was interest­ ed. Gette reported this to Pillsbury, whose top officers flew in a company jet to Chicago three times, conferring with Smith first in a Hyatt Hotel res­ taurant near the McDonald’s head­ quarters, then at the Smith home. The deal was closed. 
The head-hunter’s fee, paid by the employer, is one-third of the execu­ tive’s salary for the first year. Smith is reliably reported to have signed up for about $2oo,ooo, plus other benefits, so 
Gette’s fee for that telephone call, to a man he never met, may be calculated at $67,ooo. 

No notice given 

When a top executive joins the oppo­ sition, the common rule calling for giving notice doesn’t seem to apply. 
Smith resigned effective Jan. 31, and was paid to that date, but by mutual agreement he cleared out of McDon­ ald’s in a matter of hours. It had been a shock to both sides, he has said — 
“ Fred Turner was like a brother to me.” 
On Feb. I he reported for duty in 
Burger King’s headquarters, a beige cube of Hilton-style modern in a com­ mercial sector of Coral Gables, a posh enclave in Miami. The building has wall-to-wall carpeting and soft music piped into all offices, but no Burger 
King ham burgers. Smith spent his first month, however, visiting nearby burger shops and Whopper College classes and undertook a fast trip to J. 
Walter Thompson in New York. 
“I've always looked at business as a calculated risk.” Smith said in an in-, terview. “ My decisions have been ta­ ken without too much advance study. 
That’s how you play poker — figure the odds and bet accordingly.” 
T h at’s how he decided to quit 
McDonald’s. It was not the money, 
Smith said, for income taxes would take much of that, and McDonald’s had been very generous with perquisites, such as stock options and a Lincoln car. More important, in the view of persons who know him, was his wife’s preference for Florida and his own conclusion that Burger King offered a bright challenge. He had gone about as far as he could at McDonald’s, with two youngish men above him as presi­ dent and chairman. 

He prefers fish 
While at home he cooks California 
Mexican food and prefers fish to beef. 
Smith by his own account qualifies as a fast-food “ freak.” the backbone of the business. That is, he visits fast-food outlets several times a week, and often takes the family on a Saturday. 
He is very interested in the reactions of his children; his 11-year-old son loves Big Macs and French fries, he said, his 9-year-old went for Whoppers with everything on. and his 5-year-old girl preferred Big Boys. “ She really didn’t care for hamburgers,” he said. 
“ She liked the comic books.” 
Asked for his own opinion, he paused, then replied: 
“ From the consumer side, there really isn’t a whole lot of difference .. . that’s tangible. Between a well-oper­ ated Burger King and a well operated 
McDonald’s, there is no difference — the garnish on the burger.” 
“ The individual choice of garnish- 

 all music.. . Mil the time 
E 

 r \ l SHM O 1o2 

 ment of a burger can be an important point to the consumer in this day w hen individualism, in my mind, is an in­ creasingly important thing to people,” he added. 
Burger King’s publicity has stressed the uniformity of its conveyor-belt broilers over the McDonald system of g rilling each type of burger by batches, in turn. But the latter is quicker, and Smith said Burger King would have to take a hard look at tin1 possibility of changing its method. 
The really crucial problem, as he put it, is that average sales of a Burger 
King are not sufficiently above the break-even point, not far enough into that area where profits begin to be really handsome. This limits the pos­ sibility of opening new outlets, for putting them too close together cuts 

 into unit sales. As a result, a pre-Smith in-house joke has it that “you have to trip over two golden arches on your way to a Burger King.” 

Smith appeared to doubt that Pills­ bury would draw heavily on new capi­ tal lo build its own outlets and rent them to franchisers — one edge that 
McDonald’s has in earning profits. But 
Burger King continues to recruit self- financed franchisers at a rate of about one each working day. 

Costs \ary. but on average a fran­ chiser must invest a bit more than 
$5tM),OIH) to open a Burger King. There are many candidates, however, and few are chosen. The failure rate is low, too. In fact, the survival of Horn & 
Hardart, the original fast-food chain with its Automats, is credited to its transform ation into a network of 
Burger King franchises. 
MCDONALD’S Ray Kroc lost one top m an 
Values from Osier! 

All-in-one Kitchen 
Center and Food Crafter 
13995 

Kitchen Center is a heavy-duty blender, meat grinder and mixer ... all in one! Food Crafter slices, shreds and makes salads. Features sure-grip handle and stainless steel cutting blades. A great buy! 

Can opener, knife or scissor sharpener 
21 95 

3 appliances in I! Touch-A-Matic con­ trol with magnetic lid-lifter stops automatically. Has single wheel knife and scissor sharpener. Gold-tone, white or avocado with chrome trim. 

Bag sealer means quick, easy meals 

Now you can seal entire meals in one air-tight, water-proof bag . . . cook ahead or save leftovers by sealing, then freezing them. When you're ready to eat, just boil injhe same bag and serve! 

Dual 'Pulsematic IO' blender 
45 
95 

Blender gives you 1o-speed controlled cycle blending at the touch of a button! Has 5-cup glass container that opens at both ends, with measuring cap in cover. Includes Vz-pi. Mini-Blend' container to store small amounts, plus Spin Cookery cookbook. White, gold- tone or avocado with chrome base. 

‘This product has a manufacturer's warranty For a free copy of the warranty, write loske's of Texas, San Antonio, Texas 782o6 

Small Electrics, Downtown, North Star, Windsor Park, Las Palmas and Austin 

Oster Spin Cookery Clinic and Demonstrations 

M c f ........ . 

 ip i: 
< §f§i 

... 
~ 
" 
% 
Wednesday, May 11: Windsor Farit, b:JU p 
Thursday, May Ii: Downtu rn, I HOO a.rn 

 r n 
Learn simple kitchen tricks that make food preparation easier and less time-consuming ... attend our 
Oster Spin Cookery clinic and demonstration! 
HH 

SHOP ALL STORES 
MONDAY IO TIL 9! 
A UNIT OF ALLIED STORES 

’age 
6 B 
* 
San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday May 8 1977 
Pulp magazines making a com eback 

Bv KENNETH TURAN 
WASHINGTON POST SERVIES 
WASHINGTON — Say hollo to the Octopus and the Scorpion* the Green Lama and the Black 
Bat, the mysterious Wu Fang and Dr. Yen Sin, the Pecos Kid, the Rio Kid, and Captains Satan, 
Combat, Future and Zero. 
To Doc Savage and his Brotherhood of Bronze, to the shadow and the evil only he knows, to the Spider, who once saved Cologne, Ohio, from 5,IKM) mad dogs, even to Nick C arter, whose father sternly advised him to always 
“ keep your body, your clothing and your conscience clean.” 
The pulps are back. 
“ Is there a revival, oh Lord yes, I should say so,” says a slightly dumb­ founded Henry Steeger, the 73-year-old founder of Popular Publications, in its time the largest of the pulp producers. 
And Walter B. Gibson, alias Maxwell 
Grant, who wrote 283 (count-’em-283) 
Shadow novels and is still busy enough at age 81) to keep 11 typewriters going 
— “ I move from one to another” — is even more astonished. 
“It’s tremendous, ifs gotten all out of hand, just skyrocketed,” he says. “ I 

It gotten ail OML ofjkaild. 

 could spend all my time doing nothing but speaking at pulp conventions. And a good copy of The Shadow, which sold for IO cents at the time, now sells for a minimum of $2o all the way up to $25 for Volume One, Number One. I just wish I d kept ‘em.” 
Record sales 
Even out of their original form, the pulps are soaring. 
Three book-length anthologies of pulp stories have appeared within the past year, lurid pulp art has become increasingly fashionable, arid a Marvel 
Comics version of Conan the Barbar­ ian, a classic pulp hero, has been selling nearly 2.5 million copies an­ nually, putting it near the top of Mar­ vel’s 7o titles. 
As for paperback reprints, Gibson’s 
Shadow novels are available from three different publishers. Bantam has sold close lo 15 million copies of Doc 

Savage’s adventures. 
Western writer Max Brand., dead for 

3o years, is rivaled only by Xaviera 
Hollander, the Happy [looker, as a consistent seller on the Warner list. 
Perhaps the most surprising thing about the pulp revival is that there had to be one, that a phenomenon of that size, a world to rival Atlantis itself, could have gone under. 
In the ’3os, the heyday of the pulps sales soared to 25 million per month and devotees had 2oo different maga­ zines to choose from at any one time. 
All in all, close to 1,ooo pulp titles made it into print, some surfacing only once and others, like Argosy, going on to hundreds and even thousands of issues. 
Every conceivable taste was co­ vered, from Marriage Stories to Wall 
Street Stories to even Zeppelin Stories. 

Spicy tales 

And not to forget “the Spicys,” short for Spicy Adventure, Spicy Detective, 
Spicy Mystery and, yes. Spicy Wes­ tern, strictly under-the-counter items 

 inevitably featuring Worden who were, as one critic put it, “ dished up in terms of quality of flesh (creamy ex­ panses) and the material which co­ vered it (diaphanous, barely able to contain its straining contents).” 1 
An unlikable man named Frank 
Munsey started the first pulp, Argosy in 1896. 
No man much cared for Munsey 
(when he died of a burst appendix in 
1925, he was eulogized as having “the talent of a meat packer, the morals of a money changer'and the manner of an undertaker” ), but he knew a good idea when he saw one. 
“The story,” he would say, “is more important than the paper it is printed on.” 
True to Munsey’s maxim, the pulps from his day to the end were printed on paper made from ground wood rather than wood chips — pulp paper, the cheapest stuff that could be made to take ink. 
It was difficult to preserve, but the 

AV. 
AS MUC 

 v rn c o lo r t v w in* 
GT-MATIC IE 
SALE END WED. MAY 

J 

 v SYLVANIA 

SELF-ADJUSTING . 1 

BIG 25” DIAGONAL PICTURE. 1oo% SOLID STATE. 
EXCLUSIVE SYLVANIA GT-MATIC I! — THE FIRST TRUE 
SELF-ADJUSTING COLOR TV SET. ‘‘NO BUTTON” COLOR 
TUNING. TOTALLY AUTOMATIC . . . ONCE IT S SET. 
MAGNIFICENT CLASSIC STYLING IN PECAN AND 
HARDWOODS. CONCEALED CASTERS. 
ALL-AMERICAN MADE. 
REGULAR: 
$729.95 

SALE: 
SAVE: 
$589.95 
$14o.oo 

CL6278P 

25” DIAGONAL PICTURE WITH DARK-LITE 
PICTURE TUBE. 1oo% SOLID STATE. GT-MATIC ll 
AUTOMATIC COLOR TUNING SYSTEM. ONLY 
SYLVANIA HAS IT. POPULAR MEDITERRANEAN 
STYLING IN PECAN GRAIN HARDBOARD FINISH. 
REGULAR: 
SALE: 
SAVE: 
$569.95 
$499.95 $7o.oo 

ICT fv\ > v> -. -' - . 

SYLVANIA 

 ll 

"I 

17” DIAGONAL CHROMA-LINE COLOR PICTURE. 
1oo% SOLID STATE WALNUT GRAIN FINISH CABINET. 
PORTABLE. STAND AVAILABLE AS OPTIONAL EXTRA. 
REGULAR: 
SALE: 
SAVE: 
$349.95 $299.95 $5o.oo 

MANY MORE MODELS ON SALE AT DEALERS LISTED BELOW. 
SALE PRICES GOOD ONLY WHILE MODEL SUPPLIES LAST. 
Sylvania makes more picture tubes for the industry than any other single manufacturer. Been doing it for years. No wonder they’re so good. 

II YEAR ION PARTS/'9o DAYS ON SERVICE 
DEALER INQUIRIES INVITED 

I 
• POST TV — 6718 San Pedro 

• APPLIANCE & TV WORLD — 7123 San Pedro 

• NORTHWEST FURNITURE & APPLIANCE — 
31o6 Culebra 

• F & W SALES — 325 W. Josephine 

• CALLAGHAN PLAZA FURNITURE & APPLIANCE 
14oo N, Callaghan 

• LA FERIA DEL NORTE — 7325 San Pedro 

• SIGHT & SOUND OF SJL — 21o1 Vance Jackson 
• TOM JONES TV & APPLIANCE — 9o7 Brooklyn 

•IMPERIAL FURNITURE — 416 Brady Blvd. 

 pulps were an ephemera! form of literature anyway, created to be read and thrown away. 
Romantic action 
Seven by IO inches in size, 12o un­ trim m ed pages encased in bright, glossy covers, the pulps by definition were popular fiction magazines, han­ dling staples like action, adventure and romance with a delightfully sen­ sationalistic touch. 
The direct descendants of dime no­ vels and penny dreadfuls and the sworn enemy of “ slick s” like 
Scribners, Colliers and The Century, they were what everyone from Harry 
Truman to Al Capone read at the time 
— the only source, in an age before television and paperbacks, of what Ron 
Roulart, author of “ An Informal His­ tory of the Pulp Magazine,” likes to call “Cheap Thrills.” 
“They were right down-to-earth ma­ gazines,” Gibson remembers. ‘“The slick magazines tried to set styles, but we just gave the readers what they wanted. 
“ An editor once told me. ‘After giv­ ing them potatoes for awhile, you may be tempted to give them a balanced diet, throw in some carrots, some greens, give them a treat. They want potatoes, so we give them potatoes.’” 
Despite these self-imposed stric­ tures, the pulps did quite well for themselves literarily. 
Under the editorship of Captain John 
Shaw, an international epee and sabre cham pion. Black Mask m agazine, which had beeivfounded by highbrows 
ILL. Mencken and George Jean Nath­ an as a low-rent moneymaker, disco­ vered and developed w riters of tho caliber of Raymond Chandler and Da- shiell Hammett. 
And Hugo Gernsback, editor-pub- lisher of Amazing Stories, coined the very nam e “ science fiction” and created a market for authors like H P. 
Loveerat, “the Rhode Island Recluse,” a peculiar man who didn’t leave his house for months at a time, and then only at night, living largely on black coffee and tiny amounts of food. 
The pulps were a nifty training ground for writers in general. 
Everyone from Edgar Rice B ur­ roughs to Earl Stanley Gardner to Ray 
Bradbury and Scientology’s L. Ron 
Hubbard got their start there. 
Even 16-year-old Tennessee Wil­ liams was first published by a pulp, 
Weird Tales, which gave him $35 in 
1928 for a story titled “The Vengeance of Nitocris,” which he later called “A prelude to the violence that is consi­ dered my trademark.” 
Word after word 
•4 
More astonishing still were the real giants of the pulps, men who turned out word after word after word after word. 
Like Gibson, for example, who posed for a Corona typewriter ad in 1933 boasting he’d turned out 1,44o,ooo words, or 24 complete Shadow novels, in less than IO months. 
“Quite often my fingers hurt and I had to take time off,” he remembers now. 
“Sometimes I’d forgotten the stories by the time they came out; I’d read 
‘em again and get a wallop out of my own twists.” 
The pulps also attracted occasional oddballs like Robert E. Howard, a moody paranoid from Cross Plains, 
Tex. 
Howard managed to create an entire subculture of sword and sorcery epics set in a mythical Hyborean Age. They centered on the w arrior Conean. 
Howard took his own life at age 31), despondent over the impending death of his mother. 
But towering above them all was the most puzzling as well as the most pro­ lific of w riters, Frederick Schiller 
Faust, King of the Pulps. 
“When a man is backed into a corner by a man who intends to kill him, he can be as high as 9o per cent efficient,” 
Faust once told Time magazine, which is as close as he ever came to explain­ ing his lifetime output of 3o million words, the staggering equivalent of 53o novels. 
More amazing still, the creator of characters as diverse as Destry and 
Dr. Kildare hated every word he wrote. 
Pen name 
“ Daily, I thank God in three lan­ guages that I w rite under a pen name,” Faust would say, but he was being modest. mrnmm 

HA R R Y TR U M A N 
. . . pulp fan 

He actually used 26 pennames — 
Evin Evans, Evan Evans, John Fre­ derick, Frederick Frost, and most fa­ mous of all, Max Brand. 
Faust considered himself a sensitive poet and would never allow so much as one hopelessly declasse pulp magazine into the m agnificent villa outside 
Florence that was his refuge. 
Drinking seemed to alternate with self-loathing in his character, and when World War II broke out, he got him self accredited as a war correspondent, only to be killed by 
German artillery in 1944, age 52, the oldest correspondent at the front. 
The pulp-writing style that Faust looked down on could be awfully corny, a blending of the realistic with the breathlessly improbable. 
Yet while lines like “Slowly, even as she hated the thought, she began to enjoy the bite of those ants” defies any kind of analysis, others could be oddly evocative: “ On the spot where Hol­ lywood would someday grow’ two va­ queros were crushing a priest to death with his own wine press.” 
Tasteless reader 
Yet so far as pulp readers were con­ cerned, the style ultimately mattered little or not at all. Strong plots were what was required, pure unpretentious adventure stories. 
“ Many pulp fans today analyze the 
Shadow and Ddc Savage novels for psychology and what have you,” says 
John Nanovic, a perturbed former pulp editor. 
“All we were giving the reader then is what he wanted — action. If there were other things in them, I never knew about it.” 
It is just that simplicity of form, that harking back to presum ably less hectic times, that many of today's fans react favorably to in the pulps. There was an innocence about them , a never-never land quality. 
Says Chicago collector Bob Wein­ berg, who has amassed 5,ooo and ought to know, “you could read these maga­ zines very carefully and still have no idea how babies were made. People today are tired of cynicism, there’s just so much you can take of that atti­ tude.” 
Adds David Alexander, who runs the 
American Comic Book Co. in Culver 
City, Calif., the largest pulp dealership in the country, “ It’s an escape for the reader from what he has to see in or­ dinary life.” 
Yet there is something more to the pulps, something that is still around 2o years after their death in the mid-5os, a death brought on by rising produc­ tion costs, paper shortage, and a mass entertainment audience increasingly seduced by comic books, TV and pa­ perbacks. 
The pulps were more than just stories — they were an all-permeating atmosphere, a heady melange of wild covers, lush illustrations, worshipful letters and preposterous ads. “ It wasn’t groovy, cool, pop culture, like it is now,” T erry Stroud, 
David 
Alexander’s partner, reminds us. “It was nuts, it was trash.” 
And it is largely the remains of that flashy, flamboyant feeling, those sir- en-song memories, that account for so much of the pulps’ current appeal. 
“ The pulps helped us in m any ways,” wrote fancier Charles Beau­ mont, “ strengthened and comforted us, led us to an appreciation of litera­ ture and prepared us, if not for life, then at least for dreams.” 
What more could anyone ask? 

AL CAPONE was a regular pulp reader 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday May 8 I 977 
Page 
I -C 

7 c* have you r problem solved or a ques­ tion answered* write Act ion-Express. P.O. 
Pox 2171. San Antonio. TX 7H2i)7. 

Com m ercial vs. residential 

On Wa Izt»m Road, next to an elementary school, is a residence that has been turned into law offices. 
A portion of the back yard was paved and a new fence built. They did not bother to knock out the curb and build a proper driveway, but just piled asphalt up in front of the curb. 
A sign has been placed in the front yard. 
A few years ago, someone tried to rezone this home to commercial property and failed because the neighbors and the Zoning Commission did not want that stretch of Walzem Road to deteriorate* into a section of defunct, fly-by-night businesses and em pty, rundown houses like som e sections of 
Hildebrand Avenue for instance. 
Was this residence rezoned commercial? When? 
As far as I know, neighbors were not notified of the hearing. 
Did the owner get a building perm it for the remodeling or do the attorneys know how to get around the law? 
R. JVI. I). 

^ O F F IC E S I THERE 
Goes TH' NEIGHBORHOOD 

That residence was re­ zoned o-1, offices only, 
Feb. 17, 1977. 

“The rezoning applica­ tion had been turned down once b efo re ,” a 
Zoning 
C om m ission spokesm an said. “ But that does not mean a person cannot try again.” 

“ The owner reapplied for a change in zoning. 
We notified property ow ners within 2oo feel, as called for by state sta ­ tute. of two hearings,” he said. 

“ We also posted a no­ tice of the hearings in front of the building,” he added. 
"Many people who live on the block feel they should be notified, but they do not live within the 2oo feet specified by statute,” he continued. 
At the first hearing, before the Zoning Com­ mission, there were two opposition letters and four in favor. 
At the hearing before the City Council, there were no opposition letters and two in favor. 
Loose produce 

Are there any places in San Antonio where people can go and pick their own produce and pay by the pound or whatever? lf so, what is in season? 
C. S. 

There are several retail produce establishm ents in San Antonio. 

Som e are lim ited in their wares, selling only fruit or vegetables. But most of them do sell both of them. 

Some even have meat 

 markets and eggs. 
An ex cellen t choice would be the F arm er’s 
Market in Market Square in downtown San Anton­ io. If you would like a produce market closer in your own home, look in the yellow pages under produce—retail. 

Tennis racket 

I have looked in probably every sporting goods store in San Antonio and have not been able to find the tennis racket I want. 
I need a Chris Evert Autograph. She has several models but that is tin* one I need. Many of the sporting goods stores have this model but they do not have tin* size grip I need. 
I need a 4 1/8 inch grip and cannot seem to locate one. Can you help me? 
SMALL GRIP 

Action-Express talked to several stores about this and one of the m an agers said if you wanted a grip sm aller 

 than 4 1/4 inch you would need to special order it. 
However, O. G. Wilson has a few rackets in the size you need. 
Unlit cruisers 

In the past few weeks I have noticed a very peculiar situation. I had never seen anything like this so I thought I would ask about it. 
After dark, I have seen police cars parked on the shoulders of some of the major expressways in San 
Antonio. Sometimes the police cars are cruising on the shoulders. The funny thing is they do not have any lights on. 
There are no flashers, parking lights or headlights to warn the approaching motorist the shoulder is blocked. 
Isn't this very dangerous? Sometimes they are not on the shoulders, but on the median. Having no lights may not be dangerous in that situation, but I believe they should have some lights on if they are on the shoulder or cruising. 
CONCERNED MOTORIST 

A spokesman from the 
San Antonio Police D e­ p a rtm en t’s Traffic D i­ vision said if a police car was parked off the travel portion of the road for any length of time, the officer should have his parking lights on. 
“ No fla sh ers are re­ quired as long as he is off the travel portion,” the spokesman said. “ It is safer than not to have them on but it depends on the lighting.” 
Many times the police cars are stopped for som e reason and the driver forgets to turn his ligh ts on when he re­ sumes traveling because 

 of the bright overhead ligh ts on the e x p r e ss­ ways. 
“ But when a police car is cruising, the driver should have his lights on. 
The cars she has seen without lights are proba­ bly exceptions and not the rule,” he said. 
“ I am sure they just forgot to turn them on because of the existing brightness.” 
He added many police­ men use d iscretion in turning on their parking lights where the areas were particularly bright because they could easily be seen by approaching motorists. 

Incarnate Word workshop 

The National Assn. for the Advancement of Hu­ mane Education will hold an education workshop 
Friday and Saturday at 
Incarnate Word College. 
Registration begins at 
8:3o a.m. Friday in the 
IWC nursing building. 
The $3o registration fee includes a review of cur­ rent issues in hum ane 

 education, a discussion of values clarification and the role of modeling in learn in g th eo ry , philo­ sophy, definition, history and rationale for humane education and a review of materials available. 

For fu rth e r in fo rm a­ tion, telephone B renda 
Watters at 828-o112. 

W inners 

TRACY 
W H IT E , 
1 9 7 7 
Alamo Regional Science 
Fair first prize winner; 
David 
Morrison, right, grade prize winner, and 
Dr. Dale Clyde of Trinity's chem istry d ep artm en t make last-minute checks on Tracy’s and D avid’s science exhibits. The three are to leave Sunday for the International Science and Engineering Fair in 
Cleveland, Ohio. Alamo 
Regional Science Fair is co-sponsored by Trinity and the 
Express and 
News. 
STAFF PHO TO BY CHARLES BARKSDALE 

Goodwin Week begins today 

Sunday m arks the start of National 
Goodwill Week and San Antonio will celebrate with a week-long open house, the executive d irecto r of Goodwill 
Rehabilitation Service of San Antonio said. 
"T he public is invited to tour the facilities at 383(1 Pleasanton Road from 
IO a.m. to 2 p.m., Monday through 
F riday,” A. J. “ Bob” Blase said. 
Visitors will have a c hance to view the program s which help the severely disabled find a useful and rewarding life. 
Competition 

During the celebration, which coin­ cid es with the 75th a n n iv e rs a ry of 
G o o d w ill’s fo u n d in g , th e N ational 
Goodwill Worker of tin* Year will be selected. 
Men and women who have success­ fully overcome their handicaps to be­ co m e s e lf-su ffic ie n t, c o n trib u tin g m em bers of society, will compete for the honor. 
San Antonio’s candidate. Worker of the Year Theresa Lott, is confined to a w heelchair. T hrough persev eran ce, she trained as a telephone operator and is now employed full-time at Goodwill. 
Non-profit 
“ These stories are an inspiration to us all,” Blase said. “ They show just how m uch can be accom plished bv concentrating available resources on the task of rehabilitation.” 

Goodwill, a non-profit charitable or­ g an izatio n founded in 19o2, as sists people with mental and physical disa­ bilities by providing vocational testing, counseling, guidance, work experience and job placement s e n ices. 
R e cen tly the p ro g ra m w as b r o a ­ dened to include alcoholics, drug a d ­ dicts. ex-convicts, the socially disad­ vantaged, the educationally deprived and even the elderly. 
Administrator to be honored 
Baptist Hospital System Executive 
Dir. David G arrett will receive doc­ torate of humanities at 
3 p.m. 
Sunday from his alm a m ater. Har- din-Simmons University in Abilene. 
The honor will be conferred upon 
G arrett in recognition of his outstand­ ing career in hospital administration and Christian service to society during the university’s 85th commencem ent ceremonies. 
A native of Abilene, Garrett began iii the hospital administration field after receiving his bachelor’s degree from llardin-Simmpns iii 1949. 
After serving as credit and collec­ tions m anager for Hendricks Hospital in Abilene and adm inistrative a ssis­ tant at the University of Texas’ .John 
Sealy Hospital in Galveston, he be­ cam e assistant adm inistrator at Bap­ tist in 
1954. 
______ 

ONE-WEEK ONLY! 

 r 
— 

I; 

9o 
99 
95 

Special group of Stiffel lamps now at savings! 

Save, save, save like never before! For one week only, Joske's offers a special selection of Stiffel table lamps at tremendous savings! What you see here is only a sampling from our vast collection of values. For quality workmanship that assures lasting beauty and enduring elegance, highlight your home with a Stiffel lamp. Prices return to regular May 16. Limited quantities. Not all styles at both stores. 
Lamps, Joske's North Star and Windsor Park only. 

84 
99 
J O S K E ’S 
79 
99 

A UNIT OF ALLIED STORES 
SHOP MONDAY IO 'TIL 9! 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday May 8 I 977 

ANOTHER GREAT NEW FAM ILY 
DEPARTMENT STORE OPENS IN 
San Antonio,Tex. 

— 
M a r b a c h A t L o o p 4 
I O 
. 1 

M ARBACH RO AD 

SAN ANTONIO 

 there s more to Woolco than just the best prices around 

Check the big selections o f nationally famous brands. 

 g r m stro n g 

C O R N IN G ^ W A R E * 

P o la r o id 

 f t ® ^ 
O 
Samsonite 

OKINO R itu al 

 e v e n / l o 

"WINCM£5UA 

Puroiator m i l t o n 
ID U aO T V b r a d l k y 
_____ 

' M I R R o ^ 
P a m p e r s ' 
Whirlpool 
UJEST BEND 

Westinghouse p h i l c o 
Q s ie r iz e r 

 rw n 
I TTI 

 waring 

[ a im 
!* ! 

' t - i 
C L A IR O L 

. . . 
I t B 
H 
SC H IC K 
( g p j ) 

 c h a m p io n 
S H S {Daisy 

% t ~ r s s £ m 

WOOLCO IS FASHION 
Great w hat’s-new-now selections for men, women and children. 

WOOLCO IS APPLIANCES 
Nationally fam ous brands of popular work and energy savers. 

WOOLCO IS ENTERTAINMENT 
An enorm ous range of records, tapes, stereos and televisions. 

W OOLCO IS SPORTING GOODS 
All the equipment needed for your action-filled sporting life. 

W OOLCO IS HOUSEW ARES 
A hom em aker's dream-place where value and choice com bine... every day. 

WOOLCO IS ALL THIS AND MORE... 
AN EXCITING NEW ADVENTURE IN 
ONE STOP DISCOUNT SHOPPING 
FOR LONG ISLAND. 

M A STER CHARGE 
BANK A M E R IC A R D wmam 
Ba n k Am ericard 

 z 
M 
H 
I 

 r e v e r e 
.WARE • 

W OOLCO CHARGE 

 i'. i W i 

■turtle 

C O N V E N I E N T 
LA Y A W A Y 

P L A N 

Because... Wewanttobeyaw&vorite state I 

 thew s mow to Woolco than just the best prices around 

 c h e c k th e s e fe a tu re s: 

WOOLCO’S SELECTION... 
ONE THAT ONLY A FULL LINE 
D EPARTM EN T STORE CAN OFFER 

WOOLCO’S HARD-TO-BEAT 
DISCOUNT PRIC ES ON 
QUALITY M ERCH AN D ISE 

WOOLCO'S TREM ENDO US 
CO AST TO-COAST BUYING POW ER 

WOOLCO’S BIG SELECTION OF 
NATIONALLY FAMOUS BRANDS 

WOOLCO'S FAM OUS SATISFACTION! 
GUARANTEED POLICY 

WOOLCO’S RAIN CHECK 
ADVERTISING POLICY 

WOOLCO M A K ES IT EASY-TO-SHOp| 
WITH 6 W AYS TO BUY 

WOOLCO M A K ES IT EA SY TO SHOP 
W O O LCO RESEHVES THE EIGHT TO LIMIT QUANTITIES— NOT RESPO NSIVE FOR TYPOGRAPHICAL ERRORS. 

ImiMkhcmo 
■ m m i 

S 
H a s a p 
I j,NKAM(RlC*IID RUS*!* CMAAGI WOOtCOCAAD 
* Convenient Time - Payment 
^ 
- Convenient Lay Away Plan 

IOO GILI RD. 

NEAR WONDERLAND 

732-2211 

48o3 WEST 

COMMERCE 

434-9481 

527 FAIR 

AVENUE 

533-8166 

2214 S.W. 

MILITARY DR. 

924-144! 

271o AUSTIN 
HWY. AT WALZEM 

65J 4461 

S i l l MEADOWLEAE DR. 
NEAR MARBACH AT N.W. 41o 

675-9671 

SHOP W O O LCO 9:3o A.M . TO 9:3o P.M. M O N D A Y THRU SATURDAY 

Tr 
BUY WITH CONFIDENCE! 

SATISFACTION GUARANTEED! 

REPLACEMENT OX MOStf SlAOlv REINOLD 

H o w th e y v o te d 

 vt a ac 
O u 

< 1 2 1 
S O 
< 
OI a J 
: oc I 
1 Z i 
O 
3 
O a 
J ac u 
3 w | * a I ut I n x 
9 Z 
Texas House 

RO N BIRO 

AL BRO W N JR. 

DO N CARTWRIGHT 

MATT GARCIA 

JOE HERNANDEZ 

FRANK MADLA 

JIM NO W LIN 

D O N RAINS 

ABE RIBAK 

LOU NELLE SUTTON 

FRANK TEJEDA 

BOB VALE 

Texas Senate 

GLENN KO THM ANN 

FRANK LO M BARDINO 

JOHN TRAEGER 

 a 
X 
S' 
I IAI I -rn4 

N 

N 

N 

N 

N 

Y 
Y 
Y 
Y 

Y = Yes y 
N = No 
A = Absent 
o = Abstain ll eeli ending 
M ax 7. 1*177 
Texas still holds filibuster record 

EXPRESS N EW S CAPITOL BUREAU 

AUSTIN — Huless Sen. Bill Meier set a recti rd for a filibuster last week, but when he finished that was all he had to show for his efforts. 
Hie real record was the 23-7 vote 
Senators eave in approving SB1275 within minutes after Meier sat down from talking a record 43 straight hours against it. 
The bill. by Sen. Ray Para bee of 
Wichita Falls, would close certain records of the State Industrial Acci­ dent Board to public inspection. 
Meier began his talkathon at 3:2o p.m. Monday, and ended it at 1o:2o a.m. Wednesday. 
Meier was talking in support of his amendment requiring the Lab’s re­ cords he kept open in compliance w ith the state Open Records Act. 
The previous filibuster record, held by former Sen. Mike McKool of Dallas, was 42 hours and 33 minutes, in June, 
1972. 
APPROPRIATIONS 
The House may have set a record of its own last week when it finally passed its version of the general appropria­ tions bill, HB51o, Thursday. 
The bill had been under floor debate since April 25, a full eight days and 44 hours. 
Trimmed down $3o2.1 million during the time, HB51o now goes to the Senate where the upper house is expected to substitute its ow n version of the 1978-79 state spending bill. 
HB51o came out of the House Appro­ priations Committee pegged at $15.7 billion and left with a more modest total of $15.4 billion. 
The major cuts were made at the expense of welfare, higher education and health and rehabilitation sections of the bill. 
House members first gave, and then took away, a pay hike for state em­ ployes. On Wednesday they approved an increase in the biennial raises from 
3.4 per cent to 5 per cent. 
Thursday, however, they dropped it back to the original level and placed a 
IO per cent limit on state personnel growth for the next two years. 
The final vote for passage of HB51o was lopsided 12o to 28. 
EXECUTION 
A bill allowing execution by lethal injection in Texas is now on Gov. Dolph 
Briscoe’s desk after passing the Senate by voice vote last Wednesday. 

HB959. by Rep. Ben Z. Grant of 
Marshall, had won earlier approval in the House. 
It provides for death by injection of a lethal substance for those convicted of capital crimes and sentenced to death. 
If signed into law by the governor, it will do away with death by electrocu­ tion. 
In a test vote sending the bill to final approval, the measure won 24-6. 
LIQUOR ACT 
Senators Wednesday gave cautious approval to a bill recodifying the Texas 
Liquor Control Act. 
They did so, however, only after receiving assurances from Sen. Frank 
Lombardino of San Antonio that the bill makes no substantive in current. liquor laws. 
HB815 was sponsored in the Senate by Lombardino and in the House by 
Reps. Bennie Bock ll of New Braunfels * and Run Bird of San Antonio. 
INHERITANCE TAX 
The Senate last Thursday ignored a 
House-passed tax relief bill and passed its own tax exemption on inheritances by widows and orphans. 
The Senate bill — SB364 — is basi­ cally the same tax break provided as part of HBI sent to the upper house last 
February. 
HBI also included the repeal of the state sales tax on utility bills as part of its $258 million package. 
However, Senators shortcircuited the House bill and instead voted 27-1 to approve SH364 by Sen. Jack Ogg of 
Houston. 
The measure exempts the first 
$2o(1.o(1o of an estate inherited by a surviving spouse. It also provides exemption for the child of a last sur­ viving parent, with $5,ooo deducted from the estate for each year the child is under 21 years of age. . 
Meanwhile, HBI remains mired in a 
Senate subcommittee. 
SMOKING BAN 
The off-limits areas for smokers were extended by a bill passed Thurs- ’ day in (he Senate. 
By a 23-4 margin, SB74o was passed to the House. 
The bill, by Sen. Ogg, places the smoking ban on retail fabric and clothing stores. 
Lawmakers last session for the first time restricted tobacco smoking in schools, elevators, theaters, libraries, museums, hospitals, buses, planes and trains. 
Bingo bill sits in 
House com m ittee 

EXPRESS-NEWS CAPTIOl BUREAU 
AUSTIN — As of Sunday here was the status of important legislation pending before the 65th Legislature three weeks before adjournment: 

Bingo — Still languishing before the 
House Calendars Committee, Senate 
Joint Resolution 2 by Sen. Frank 
Lombardino of San Antonio may be headed for trouble. 
Already passed by the Senate. Lom­ bardino s bingo measure has been stalled in tilt* House for over a month although it lias been reported favora­ bly out of the House Committee on 
Constitutional Amendments. 
With only three weeks remaining in the session, if the bingo resolution is not placed on the House calendar for action soon, it may not make it at all. 
SJR2, which has gained wide support in South Texas, proposes a constitu­ tional amendment referendum to de­ cide whether to legalize bingo games and raffles for raising funds for chari­ ty. 

Judges salaries — HB5o2 by Rep. 
Ron Bird of San Antonio was signed into law last week by Gov. Dolph 
Briscoe. The bill will allow Bexar 
County commissioners court to set the county court judges’ salaries at a maximum nine-tenths of the total sa­ lary and supplements being paid stale district judges in the county. HB5o2 becomes effective immediately. 
A state district court judge. Bird pointed out recently, receives approxi­ mately $35,5o1) per year, plus another 
$11,o6o in supplements. Under the bill, a county-court-at-law judge could re­ ceive approximately $41,ooo annually. 

Gas storage — Tried twice, and lost tw ice. SB8o1 by John Traeger of Seguin has run into a solid wall of resistance from members of the Senate w ho don’t like Lo-Vaca Gathering Co. Traeger 

 lost his second bid last week to bring up his bill which would give gas com­ panies the right of eminent domain in acquiring underground gas storage, reservoirs. 
Lo-Vaca would be one of the main beneficiaries of the bill if it ever passed into law since the company is currently developing a gas storage project in South Texas. A bloc or powerful senators has virtually killed off the bill. Traeger says he will try again next week. 

Teacher pay raises — 
It appears that with House action last week trim­ ming nearly $4oo million from the 
House appropriations bill, teachers may be in store for only a small pay raise for the next two years. House members spent eight days slashing funds from every conceivable section of the state funding bill to leave some left for teacher pay raises. 
It will now be left to the Senate to develop its own teacher pay proposals which are currently, under considera­ tion in the Senate Education Com­ mittee. 
. .. ; 
CPS board — The key may have been thrown away to the drawer in w hich the House Calendars Committee tossed HB375 by Rep. Joe Hernandez of 
San Antonio. The controversial mea­ sure would give San Antonio City 
Council power to directly appoint City 
Public Service trustees. As it is, the council has only informal authority lo monitor selections made by trustees, who name their own successors. 
Hernandez still has not heard from 
Speaker Bill Clayton since Hernandez asked Clayton to place his bill on the 
House general state calendar for floor action. The measure is still stuck in the House local and consent calendar committee. 

Bulletin 
Board 

— 1g s p '^ : 
^o . 

WHATS 
I 
COMING UP IN} 
IS AN ANTON!( 
THIS WEEK 

'San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday May 8 1977 

Antique car auction 

More than HO antique and classic* cars will be featured at an auction Sunday sponsored by the Texas Transportation Museum. Inc* file auction will be held ut the m useum 's headquarters at KH Wetmore Boud. 
I he gates open at IO a.m. and the first car on the auction block will be sold at noon. 
Those wishing to place cars on consignment for auction will pay a $25 fee plus eight per cent of the final saih. 
Proceeds from the auction go to help the museum purchase and renovate antique and classic forms of transportation. 
The museum is a non-profit organization whose aim is to preserve old forms of transportation, particularly steam engines, according to auction chairm an A. D. 
Zucht III. 
The museum currently has a 1924 Buffalo Fire engine and an old motor car. which may be ridden on a short line of track at the museum. 
For further information, call 225-2681. 
Red ( t o s s Lifesaving classes 

The City Parks and Recreation Department will offer Red Cross Advance 
Lifesaving classes for persons at least 18 years of age beginning Monday. 
Persons interested in taking the course should report to San Pedro pool at 6 p.m. with a bathing suit. 
Classes will be held three hours each night. Monday through Friday and for three hours on Saturday and Sunday mornings. 
The course should be completed by May 15. 
For further information, telephone .John Romano at the Parks and Recreation 
Office at 828-8111. 

Leukemia bike-a-thon 
A bike-a-thon sponsored by the local chapter of the Leukemia Society of 
America will be held next Sunday at McAllister Park, on Jones-M altsberger 
Road. 
Sponsor sheets, identification cards and detailed information on the event are available at the society office in the Three Americas Building, suite 327, 118 
Broadway. 
All proceeds will go to leukemia research, financial aid for patients in South and Central Texas and public information and education on the symptoms and dangers of leukemia. 

Bicycle race, safety clinic 

San Antonio Parks and Recreation Department and Alamo Heights Schwinn 
Bicycle Club will co-sponsor a Bicycle Moto-Cross Race in Olmos Park next 
Sunday from ll) a.m. and 2 p.m. 
Registration will begin at IO a.m. with a $2 entry fee. 
The races will start at 11:3o a.m. with a free safety clinic and inspection and bike repair clinic to be held prior to the races. 
The events are open to all boys and girls seven years old and older. Events will 
In* held in different age levels: 7-8 years. 9-11 years, 12-14 years, and 15 years and older. 
Hike-bike fund-raising 

The annual hike-bike fund-raising project of the San Antonio Assn. for 
Retarded Citizens and Teens Aid the Retarded will be al WAV. McAllister Park and Mission Bike Trails Saturday from 9 a.m. to 5 p.m. 
Goal bf the project is for participants to ride a bicycle 4o miles or walk 2o miles and have their sponsors contribute a certain amount of money for each mile completed. 
Funds raised will be used to help retarded citizens. 
Dystrophy volleyball tournam ent 

A media personalities volleyball tournam ent to help raise funds for the annual 
Muscular Dystrophy Drive will be held Saturday and next Sunday in the backyard of M am a's Restaurant. 
Bob Rogers. KENS-TV; Ricci Ware, KBUC radio; John Wagner. RTSA radio, and Trigger Block of KTFM radio are some of the personalities. 
Saturday’s gam es are from IO a.rn* to 8 p.m. Sunday’s gam es arc from I to 8 p.m. Other team s outside the media who wish to play should call Tom Reeves at 
349-2314. 
A $1 donation to MDA will be accepted at the door. 

Astronom ical Assn. m eeting 

San Antonio Astronomical Assn. will m eet al 7:3o p.m. Friday in Room 14 of the 
Eastside Multiservice Center. 
The program will include a film entitled “ E arth’s Moon, Our Forgotten 
.Neighbor.” 

Hermann Sons barbecue 

Hermann Sons presidents and vice presidents council and the Hermann Sons 
I emetery Assn. will sponsor a barbecue chicken dinner Sunday at Comanche 
Park 
Food service will begin at noon and continue until 7 p.m. There is a $2 per plate charge. 
Proceeds will go toward a free picnic for junior Hermann Sons in the fall. 

ROTC graduation 

Six San Antonians are among nine St. M ary's University ROTC graduates who will receive second lieutenant commissions in a ceremoney at I p.m. Sunday. 
The ceremony will be held in Seminar Room A of St. M ary's Continuing 
Education Center. 
San Antonians to be commissioned with distinguished m ilitary graduate designation are Michael D. Garcia. Richard S. DeLauter (corps com mander), 
Ivett Garza and Joseph M. Rakosky. 
Others are Rudolph Gonzales Jr. and Earl Bircher. 
Also receiving commissions are Robert X. Hood of Lockhart and distinguished military graduates Jam es A. Chladez of Omaha. Neb. and Ted A. Martinez of 
Saerameto, Calif. 

Edwards aquifer study 

Hydrogeologist Nat Guadagnino will discuss the current status of the 
Edwards aquifer urban development study at the meeting of the Sun Antonio 
Society of Civil Engineers Monday. 
The meeting starts at 6 p.m. at the Arden Grove Party House. 
Guadagnino is associated with the firm of Metcalf and Eddy, which is 
-outputting the study for the city. 
Ile was involved in un extensive study of the sands and gravels of Long Island md New England, and also studied the other aquifers in Texas and Oklahoma. 

Criminal justice council m eeting 

Bexar Metropolitan Criminal Justice Council staff m em bers will detail the forthcoming Law Enforcement Assistance Administration grant program at 2 
).m. Wednesday in Room 4o3 of the Legal Professional Building, 2oo Main Plaza. 
Tentative guidelines for the program , titled 
“Community 
Anti-Crime 
Program ,” list seven specific objectives. 
Filly grants, ranging from $5o,ooo to $25o,ooo, will be made to incorporated, ion*profit organizations. Local goverments cannot be grantees. 
Application submission deadline is July 15. 

Annual math contest 

Alamo District Council of Teachers of Mathmaties will hold its 12th annual oath contest Saturday at Judson High School. 
Students from more than IOO schools in San Antonio and surrounding counties vill compete in the contest from 8 a.m. to 2 p.m. 
Competition will be divided into large and small school divisions. 
Students will compete for awards in Algebra I, Algebra If, Geometry, 
Vdvaneed Math and Calculus. 

Free health tests 

 va* State Bank will take your health into account with free health tests day through Friday. ie bank's third annual health week offers several important tests which are ificant to good health. ie American Heart Assn. local chapter will provide blood pressure testing, rested persons will also receive free tests for blindness, cancer, diabetes and nia. lere will also be an Emergency Medical Service modulance on display and 
\m erican Society for Prevention of Blindness Sightmobile. 

 if w d 

V , d 

•S l- 

 y e 

 ii 

I 

North Star & Wonderland Shop Mon.-Sat. IO to 9; Rhodes Charge, BankAm ericard, Master Charge, Am erican Express. A n c A m f o c Com pany 

San Antonio EXPRESS-N EW S— Sunday M ay 8 1977 
Loves and hates and musical mates 

Miss your fa 'arite snap 
Ofter a? I se this handy rundown to bring yourself up lo flute. 

ALL MY CHILDREN; 

David witnessed one of 
Christina’s hallucina­ tions and told her about her daddy’s bribing of her former lover, Hadley. 
Phil stabilized and Tara decided to tell Little Phil about her pregnancy. 
Anne tried to join Beth. 

ANOTHER WORLD: 
Alice fired Jeff and re­ tained Evan. Iris inter­ fered in Vera’s plan to spotlight Rachel’s sculp­ ture. 
John resented 
Olive’s investigation of 
Pat s divorce settlement. 
Molly and Ted plotted to reconcile 
Brian and t ori nee, w ho began working together. 

AS 
T H E 
W O RLD 

T L R NS; 
Carol re­ conciled with Jay after he confessed his fling with Natalie. Susan rqn into Pat and Pisa and 
Dan learned that John bought toys. David al­ lowed Annie to date 

 f t 

 f tRe 

 oap 

 pera 

By ION view 

MICHAEL REED 

I 

Beau. Val told Ralph there isn’t anything between them. Joyce turned cool toward Na­ talie. 

DAYS OF OLK LIVES: 
Alice told Grog she doesn’t blame him for what happened to Tom. 
Trish underwent another drug session for the po­ lice since the D A. didn't believe Trish and Mike's story. Brook was hostile to Mary after they began working together for 
Bob. Maggie was upset 
M ovement course set 

A special program which uses movement to enhance skills of learning-disabled children will be offered in a summer program at Trinity University. 
Trinity’s Dr. Robert N. Strauss is the creator and director of the laboratory program. 
A workshop to benefit personnel working with the children also will be held. 
Teachers wanting to learn methods refined in the learning laboratory also may earn three hours of co"ege credit during the workshop. 
Both the laboratory and the workshop will begin 
June 7 and run through July 8 under the sponsorship of the Trinity departments of health, physical education and athletics. 
The workshop program will meet from 12:3o to 
3:3o p.m. Monday through Friday. The first hour will be for pre-school and elementary school class­ room teachers, elementary physical education teachers, special education teachers and support personnel. 
Teacher and children will work together from 1:3o to 3:3o p.m. each day. 
Information and reservations are available by telephoning Strauss at 736-8224. 
Road work bids opened 

The State Department of Highways and Public 
Transportation has opened bids on rebuilding 
Broadway from HIHO to Bitters Road. 
Under the $2.8 million improvement project, part of th«‘ urban systems program, Broadway will be rebuilt as a four-lane street with a continuous left turn lane. 
Curbs, improved drainage, channelization and signalization art1 part of the contract. Apparent low bidder is Meatier Construction Co. 
J ’lie urban systems program is a cooperative planning and funding effort between the federal, state and city governments. 
MU/MR open house 

Bexar County Mental 
Health/Mental 
Retarda­ tion 
Center’s 
Foster 
Group Home will hold an open house Sunday. 

The event, featuring refreshments, live enter­ tainment and special tours, will be held at the 

 home at the 
Healy- 
Murphy 
Learning 
Center, 818 Live Oak St., from 4 to 8:38 p.m. 
The 
Foster 
Group 
Home is a 24-hour resi­ dential service for a d o I e s c e n t s, o f f e r i n g counseling and social skill development. 
Get a lot for a little at the 
JCPenney restaurants. 

South Park • Windsor Park 

All you 

 can eat. . . only 1.89 

Tuesday 

Taco Platter 

• 
• • • • » 
Wednesday 

Spaghetti with meat sauce 

Thursday 
Meat Loaf 

Friday 

Filet of Seasonal Fish 

Soup & Sandwich Special 

— 
1. 29— 

Chicken Salad, tuna salad 

 plus a cup of Soup of the day. 

■ Coca-Cola ' and ‘ Coke are registered 
Trademarks which identity the same product of 
The Coca-Cola 
Company. 

It’s the real thing. 
Coke. 
T radema.rk 

(hat Janice doesn’t want lo leave the farm. Long- absent Horton daughter, 
Marie the nun, was asked to return and cheer Tom. 

THE DOCTORS; Alth­ ea advised Maggie not to tell Matt (who was vindi­ cated) about Kyle. Car- olee told Steve ifs over between them. Jason in­ vestigated the identity of 
Mrs.- Lomax. Jerry and 
Penny had a tiff about his career. Wendy learned that Eleanor is seeing 
Luke. 

TH E 
E D G E 
OF 
NIGHT: 
Mike Aas ar­ 

 rested, but Nancy con­ fessed that she, too, was with Beau the day he was murdered. Danny was questioned about Niven’s death. Nicole refused to consider an abortion un­ til all the tests were in. 

G E N E R A L 
H O SPI­ 
TAL: Laura realized she had taped 
Monica’s threatening argument with Lesley, who re­ solved to fight back. Tom admitted to Lee that he’s still "in love with Audrey. 
Heathers fake re­ commendations were. uncovered. Mary Ellen convinced Mark to allow 

 her to work on Terri’s speech therapy. 

G L ID IN G LIG H T : 

Adam and Barbara ar­ gued about Rita’s return to the hospital. Sarah went to a radical con­ vection and Justin fol­ lowed her. Jackie played up to Mike over dinner. 

LOVE OF LIFE : Betsy found Mia crying on 
Ben’s shoulder and as­ sumed the worst. Ben went on a drunken spree. 
Cal complained to Rich about M ichael’s rude­ ness. Bruce took pills but didn't tell Van. Arlene complained to Ray that 

 she’s living a lonely life since becoming Ia n ’s girl. 

ONE L IF E TO LIVE: 

Marco blackmailed Kar­ en into getting him a job with Tony. Dorian came out of seclusion and played up to Joe, who’s experiencing dizzy spells. 
Larry bought 
Karen’s dream house. 
Cathy accused Tony of having an affair with 
Pat. 

RYAN’S HOPE: Sene­ ca iearned Frank is Ed­ mund’s father but kept it under wraps when he learned Jill and Frank 

 are on the outs. Tom used 
Maeve to butter up Jack. 
Roger researched Sene­ ca’s 
Canadian back­ ground. 

SEA R C H 
FO R 
TO­ 
MORROW: 
Janet over­ heard Kitty tell Steve that she loved him, but missed Steve’s rebuttal and assumed he’s been lying. Greg admitted to 
Bob he’d given up sur­ gery because he lost his second wife when she died on the operating ta­ ble. Stephanie warned 
David against taking ad­ vantage of Kathy. Liza remained uncommitted 

 to Woody’s expressions of love. 

T H E 
YOUNG 
AND 

T H E 
R E S T L E S S : 

Vanessa unveiled her scars to Laurie, who agreed not to mention plastic surgery again if 
Van remains mum about 
Laurie’s book. Eon had another disastrous meet­ ing with Nancy. Leslie went into labor. Derek admitted to Jill that he loves all women. 

ALL THAT GLITTERS: 
Ma blackmailed L.W. for 
Linda's ransom. L.W. conned an Arab “ shei- kess” and her consort 

 into buying the Wilming­ ton account, which in­ cludes Linda, who re­ vealed her true nature after the contracts were signed. Andrea got down to real business with 
Steve, while Michael waited in the wings. Burt was unable to cement a plan that would win 
Christina back. 
Send your questions about soap operas to 
“ Tune In Tomorrow,” 
P.O. Box 2171, San An­ tonio, Tex.. 78297. Ques­ tions cannot be answered personally, but those of general interest may be 

 specials for the sportsman 

 i/3 OFF 

LED WATCHES 
15.27 to 83.42 
Our Reg. S22.9o to $124.5o 
• All are 5 or 6 function models showing 

 hours, minutes, seconds, day and date. 

YOUR CHOICE 
15.88 

COLEMAN 2 MANTLE LANTERN Our Reg. S17.99 
• Lights first time, everytime • Fuel capacity 2 pts. • Burning time 8 hrs on high • 13 7/8” High 

COLEMAN 2-BURNER STOVE 
Our Reg. $18.88 

• On 11” centers • Fuel capacity 3 1/2 pts. 

Each 

HHfexm* 

I a > r 
I' 
I 
V 1 

\ « S ; ^ 

Our Reg. $6.97 

SPORTCRAFT TENNIS TRAINER 
• Wooden base • Complete with heavy rubber corded tennis balls • Accurately returns everytime 

Each YOUR CHOICE 
Our Reg. $1.29 
SPORTCRAFT TENNIS PRESS 

SPORTCRAFT TENNIS COVER 

1.89 Our Reg. $2.39 
WILSON TENNIS BALLS 
• Can of 3 • Made for use on all types of playing surfaces 
Limit 2 cans 

19.95 Save $1o.oo 
SPALDING SMASHER RACKET 
• Sturdy construction • All sizes available 

16.99 Our Reg. $18.97 
IGLOO 48 QT. COOLER 
• Sturdy construction • Polyurethane insulation 
2.99 Our Reg. $3.99 
IO QUART FLOATING AERATOR 
9.99 Our Reg. $ I 2.88 
ZEBCO SPINCAST COMBO 
7.97 Our Reg. $9.94 
IGLOO PLAYMATE COOLER 

• Polyurethane insulation 
• 15 Quart capacity 

49 
Our Reg. 59 LITTLE GEORGE 
29 
Our Reg. 39 SPECK RIO 
99 
Our Reg. 1.49 NORMAN LITTLE ’ N ’ 
99 
Our Reg. 119 
SCALLY WAG WORMS 
.99 
Our Reg. $ 1.49 

MISTER TWISTER 
Economy 25 Pack 

19.99 Our Reg. $24.99 
SHAKESPEARE BAITCASTING ROD 

49.95 Our Reg. $59.99 
LEW'S SPEED SPOOL CASTING REEL 
12.99 Our Reg. $14.99 

LEW'S BEAR STICK 

WINDSOR PARK MALL 

79oo 1-35 NORTH • SAN ANTONIO, TX. 78218 • Ph. 654-72oo 
MON. THRU SAT. 1o A.M. TO 9 P.M. 

‘Woods,Oaks’ areas commence home show 

This weekend five builders in two prestigious northwestern 
Bexar County communities will present fine new homes of which they are justly proud. 
Three of the builders are fea­ turing homes in the Woods of 
Shavano, a rustic aud serene neighborhood of custom quality houses, and the other craftsmen are presenting their works in nearby University Oaks, also a community of classic rusticity. 
Woods of Shavano 
In the Woods of Shavano, a two-story home with four bedrooms and 2% baths is shown by Superb Homes, 
Jesse & Bruce Baker. The firm lists this home’s highlights as a combina­ tion living and dining room, combina­ tion den and breakfast area, 2,777 sq. ft. of living arca and spacious two-car garage. The home’s price is $65,2oo. 
Exact address is 4718 Paradise Woods. 
Aquarius Homes, by Paul Baldini. is show ing a IOO per cent masonry h.'ino at 14215 Golden Woods. I! 
' < > sq. ft. of living area, three t» 
- r , two baths, two-car garage v * fi ■ •••' 
Irical door openers, central a.r an i 

 heat and intercom as just a few of its highlights. Price for all this — and much more — is only $52,975. 
A home of energy-saving construc­ tion by Efraim Joffe, Builder, is si­ tuated on a large, tree-filled lot at 
14‘5o7 Parksite Woods. Priced at 
$65,ooo, the four-bedroom, two-bath home has a paneled two-car garage and a loft for its upper story. 
University Oaks 
Robert L. Gragg, Builder Inc. is presenting a two-story home af 4827 
Wesleyan in University Oaks. Priced at $48,9oo. the home features energy* saving solar glass, rock exterior and fireplace. It ia four-bedroom, two-bath in design with a two-car garage. 
Smith's Better-Built Homes is show­ ing an all-rock, contemporary home at 
48o7 Bucknell. Among its highlights are a breakfast and formal dining area, den with fireplace, .skylight and cedar beams and full carpeting. Its unique style houses three bedrooms, two baths and a two-car garage. 
Both communities have been planned to preserve the natural beaut> that existed in the foothills of the Hill 
Country prior to its development Eac Ii is named aptly. 
Woods of Shavano is named atter the 
Shavano Ranch which used to be where 

 the community is located. All the rus­ tic splendor associated with the name 
Shavano has been retained for the en­ joyment of all residents here. As well, a wholesome recreational package which includes a swimming pool, clubhouse and tennis courts, is pro­ vided for them. 
University Oaks is named after its nearness to tin campus for the Uni­ versity of Texas at San Antonio just up 
W Y . Ill IO from the neighborhood. It. too. boasts serenity for which the Hill 
Country is famous and amenities such as a swim dub for residents. 
Both communities are in the North- side School District and directly across from Locke Hill Elementary. As well, each is outside city limits and the reach of city taxes. 
The two developments are near UT- 
SA, USAA, South Texas Medical 
Center and many other medical faci­ lities in northwestern San Antonio. 
Strategic, traffic-free routes can he taken to major shopping from Colonies 
North Mall to Wonderland Shopping 
Cite on to North Star and Central Park 
Malls. 
The in Ij'iiborhoods are real lied illest r.i-lh bv exiting irom i\ VV. Ill !ot*>D»* 
'/.j\ ala Road aud proceeding l ast to the mat ked eiilrancevvays. 

W O O D S OF S H A V A N O , U niversity O a k s e n tran ce w ays lead to fine n e w h om es 
Emerald Valley opens in ‘The Great Northwest’ 

%i,tw 

EM ERALD VALLEY m odels new W in d so r hom es during a re a ’s gran d opening 

This weekend, marks the 
Grand Opening of Emerald Val ley in The Great Northwest 

.V w Windsor homes, beginning at 
$119,65o. offer a new alternatee iii liv­ ing here 

M an y benefits 

More and more people are seeking the many benefits of home ownership; so, Windsor Homes makes this dream an attainable reality in Emerald Val­ ley. 
Paym ents are as low as $297 a month* 
— less than most rents. 
(•Based on VA purchase price of 
$3o,65o with no down payment, no closing costs, 36o equal monthly pay­ ments of $297 at an 8 per cent annual percentage rate.) 
Singles, including bachelors and single-parent families, will find liie.->e new Windsor homes in emerald Volley ideal for their life Hy ies and budgets. 
An important benefit of living iii 
Emerald Valley is membership iii the community club which features a jun­ ior Olympic swimming pool, lighted tennis and basketball courts. Children 

 attend the excellent Northside District schools, 
These new three-bedroom homes have all the luxury features you want. 
Fireplaces, sunken liv ing areas, lux­ urious carpeting, cathedral ceilings garden kitchens, patios and energy-ef­ ficient central air and heat. All-electric kitchens include range. hood, dish­ washer. disposer, beautiful cabinets and pantries. 
There are no city taxes in Emerald 
Valley, which means a lower monthly 

 payment for you. It s in the vicinity of 
San Antonio’s next regional mall now limier const met ion at Ingram Road and N AV Loup 41o. 
Ju st IO minutes away is HTS A, 
I S A A aud the South Texas Medical 
( enter. The nearby expressway makes 
Lackland and Kelly AFBs most con­ venient. 
Furnished models are open daily from IO a.m. until dark. Just take 
< ulebra Road north of NAV. Loop 41o and follow signs. 

Read the Express-News 

I ach Sunday in 
Classified Real Estate 

\ 

NEW HOMES 
TOWNHOMES 
APARTMENTS 
San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday May 8 1977 
Page iN OF LIFESTYLES « 
-Ss— — 
— 
----- 

 c o m m u n it ie s! 
FOR ALL KINDS 

V Z Z ]^ ~ L A R G E S T CLASSIFIED AND REAL ESTATE SECTION IN SOUTH TEXAS FOR MORE THAN IOO YEARS q I 

C U SSIH SD DISPLAY c l a s s if ie d d is p l a y 
Cl A SSIZED D ISPLA Y 
CLASSIFIED O lS P lA Y 
CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 
CLASSIFIED D ISPLA Y 
CLASSIFIED D ISPLAY 
CLASSIFIED D ISPLA Y 
CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 

IN ACCORDANCE w it i i c u r r e n t E N E R G Y C O N S E R V A T IO N 
, 
M EASURES, NAONFY1NG AN W E RA G E MOUSE TOD AV WOULD 
Cost a bo u t id ,goo/ AND it w o u ld s t il l b e t h e s a m e 
HOUSE WITH OLDER APPLIANCES AND OTHER REPAIRS 
TD BE MADE. 

Us WILDWOOD, 
N EW RAY e lu so n Homes already 
INCLUDE TH E 
EXCLUSIVE ELLISO N 
E N E R G Y PACKAGE. A full 
IO" OF IN SU LA TIO N IN THE 
ATTIC, (o" IN THE w a l l s , 
DOUBLE-GLAZED Vv/lNDOWS, 

INTERLOCK I NC) t h r e s h o ld s , 

 pow er attic ventilators An & specifically d e sig n e d c e n t r a l A ir ,And H e a t*... make these hoives me most energy - 
E F P t ct EN T R ip TH EIR S IT E 

★ BASCO ON TORCH ASE PRICE OF 
$ WO, OOO j N O DOWN P A Y M E N T AND 3 U > e o o A L m o n t h l y p a y m e n t s a t e % 

A N N U A L V A F IN A N C IN G . 
PRINCIPAL AND INTEREST 
3.U ) 
TAKES bTMo 
(NO) UTY rA*£S 
O OO 
INSURANCE 
2o.oo 
TOTAL MONTHLY PAVmKNTT 
$3pT OO 

 mbr 

 br4 

- T lr 

 dine 

TI “ ' T f 
Ut* 
,9 

 j 

 br 2 br 3 i < 

•jL* * 

T H E AURORA 

$ 383*MO, 

 gar 

/ 

■j IL D R E U 
Cn IN WILDWOOD 
ATTEND EXCELLENT 
NORTHSIDE 
SCHOOLS 

NEW HOMES $38,ooo TO $Hfe,ooO 

$81*3o2o • OPEN DAILY TIL DARK 
Ray Ellison Homes 

 tggfff ti if lf I ff 

48o7 
Bucknelt 
Pf: 
143o7 t i: 
P a r k site W o o d s 
^ W o o d s of Shavanao 

4 2:2, En e rg y savin g hom e 

Hv2 ;Story. paneled g a ra g e 

!V- 
Vv big i&eed jo t 
£65,ooo *yf*'J v: . jg* 
/ 'v . y ^ 7.- t , 
, t . r : • ■ 

I 
JO FFE C O N S T R U C T IO N ^ 
2,kL34T-3339/:736^23a^ > 

W e s l e y a n 
U n iv e r s it y O a k s 

4 - 2 2 . r o c k r * t e n o r , f i r e p l a c e 
! s t o r y e n e r g y s a v i n g s o l a r g l a s 
$ 4 8 , 9 o o 

ROBERT I. GRAGG 

Builder, Inc. 

3 4 4 - 4 6 o 1 

. 
Located practically at the front door of University Oaks is a fine 
UTSA, 
U SAA and the medical complex, situated at the foothills o 
The Woods of Shavano is a neighborhood country. Six of San Anionic you would he proud to call home. Designed homo builders feature ex for active families, this community features designed for today's lifestyl a swim club and tennis courts for residents, carefree living. Priced from I 
Priced from $5o,ooo. 

- rn i i 
U s * § - r n 
C t I i , 
I W m m - ■■ r 
- 
W M m m m m 

S o . t e x a s 
M E D IC A L i 
C E H J p R « 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— -Sunday M ay 8 I 977 
S.A. ‘wild’ for W ildwood 

San Antonians are wild about Wildwood, and you’ve only got to make tine visit to discover why. 
A w eekend visit to 
Wildwood, out Bandera 
Road not far from its intersection with N.W. 
Loop 41o. offers the h o m e s e e k e r a rooftop skyline of chimneys su r­ rounded on all sides by rolling countryside and tree-laden horizons. 
Fireplaces 
Handsome, woodburn- ing fireplaces are found in most dens and family rooms at Wildwood, ad­ ding a dramatic touch to the s p a c io u s , paneled walls and vaulted ceilings. 
But the fireplace is on­ ly part of the Wildwood story, which offers a un­ ique co m b in atio n of price, style, quality and a community environment creating a warm feeling of contemporary luxury and old fashioned comfort. 
W h a t ’s m o re. each home in Wildwood fea­ tu res the exclusive E l­ lison E n erg y P a c k a g e designed to save up to 
•pf more on energy costs. 
The energy package con­ sists of extra insulation; d o u b le -p a n e windows; 
.special caulking around 

 windows and doors; ther- mostaticaly - controlled power attic ventilators; and unusually efficient a i r c o n d itio n in g and heating systems. 
Long-term quality con­ s tr u c t io n f e a tu re s i n ­ clude trusses fabricated for extra stre n g th and d u r a b il ity ; the best structural lumber a l l ­ iable; top quality paint that re s is ts ch ip p in g , peeling and chalk in ess for years; asphalt seal- tah roof shingles for ad­ ded wind pro tectio n ; brick chosen for its low m oisture retention and chip re s is te n c e ; sheet vinyl flooring and tile; durable, colorful decora­ tor c a r p e t ; and solid wood doors with d e a d ­ bolt locks. 
All of that quality and more is set in a location with quick access to m a ­ jor work centers such as 
UTSA, USAA and South 
Texas Medical Center. 
Despite the proximity to n o r t h w e s t e r n action, 
Wildwood homes are out­ side the city limits, pro­ viding lower m onthly payments on new home investm ents that range from the low $.‘!os to the mid $4os, 
The Wildwood life style in c lu d es exc ellent 
Great success follows 4oo1 

A record of $2*2 million in residential real estate 
’ s a le s in only HO days re p r e s e n ts trem endous su c c e ss for any d e ­ veloper. When the entire project occupies a total of only LH acres, the sales figures a r e even m ore startling. 
Yet, these are the facts that unquestionably de­ m o n s t r a t e the over- w h elm in g success and 
, acceptance of.San Anton­ io's unique tower, pent­ house and townhome community. 4oo1. 
Building a truly exclu­ sive residential project like 4oo1 seemed risky to some. But the far-sighted m en at th e Callaway 
Corp. knew, because of e n s u in g econom ic r e s ­ traints, that the oppor­ tu nity to build such a c o m m u n i t y would not 
'present itself again. The architectural and engin­ e e r i n g t r i u m p h of its planners. 4oo1 is now a financial success us well. 
The builders correctly pinpointed the need for a r e s id e n tia l life style, never before available in 
San Antonio, that could free th e d i s c e r n i n g 

 educational facilities ot th e N o rt h s id e School 
District, featuring top­ notch a c a d e m i c p r o ­ g r a m s and stim ulating e x t r a c u r r i c u l a r a c t i ­ vities. 
Wildwood k itc h e n s offer practical co n v en ­ ience and luxury. All are 

 fully equipped with dish­ w a s h e rs , d is p o s e r s , ranges with self-cleaning ovens and range vents, along with fine wood ca­ binets which exemplify the exquisite craftsm an­ ship found throughout a 
Ray Ellison home. 
To r ea c h Wildwood. 

Ray 
Ellison's 
W ild­ w ood, in northw es­ tern 
San 
A n ton io, 

 offers outstanding 

 quality in a choice lo­ cation that combines the best of country living with the ulti­ mate in convenience 

 and urban soph­ istication. 

CLASSIFIED DFS P LA Y 
CLASSIFIED D IS P LA Y 
CLASSIFIED D ISPLAY 
CLASSIFIED D IS PLA Y 
CLASSIFIED D IS PLA Y 
CLASSIFIED D ISPLAY 
CLASSIFIED D IS PLA Y 

I 
. . . . . 
.............. 
....... 
................................................................. 

L 
, ............................... 

• y 
.• 
. 
_ 
;... mm 

 r e s i d e n t from hom e m a in te n an c e for travel arid other personal p ur­ suits. It is the worry-free life style of a totally se­ cu r e , p r i v a t e and p e r ­ so nal r e s id e n c e which brings San Antonians to 
4oo1 as a p e r m a n e n t home. 
Marketing team David 
Gruber and John Sowell explain, “ Our residents d e r iv e g r e a t peace of mind knowing they live in a t oat I ly secure and p r iv a t e co m m u n ity . 
Plus, 4oo1 offers them the c o n t e n t m e n t of living within serene and simply el e g a n t s u r ro u n d i n g s which reflect their suc­ cess.’’ 
The $5 million sales to date substantiate the 4oo1 life style’s quickly grow­ ing ac ce p ta n c e am o n g 
San Antonians. With over half of all to wer r e s i ­ denc es now sold and a full schedule of activities pla n n ed for S u m m e r , 
4oo1 is expe cted to he sold out by the end of the year. 
The exact a d d re s s is 
4oo1 N. N e w ' Braunfels 
Ave. 4oo1 is shown by appointments only. 

If you’re looking for a place to build your Dream Home, this is a very real place to start. 

Attain the H 

Where giant oaks abound, and rabbits hop around, where you can have a picnic just living, at Green Spring 
Valley. 

Already, a small village of contemporary homes blends into the nature-scape. 

Already, a waterfall pool complex and tennis courts and 3o-acre park serve the sun-splashed residents of 
Green Spring Valley. 

For the outdoor-active: an open meadow as attractive as it sounds. For neighborly relaxation: a party cabana. 

Pick a picnic place for life, in a prestige community. A wooded homesite for the home of your dreams. While they last. 

Homesites from $8,ooo 

16o4 
L o o p 

 lo o p 41o 

Near Northeast schools, near shopping centers, near country clubs, near freeways, and best of all, near Mother 
Nature. 

Ii i ii 
Wooded homesites now available at 
Green Spring Valley 

U D Property Report from developer arid read it before signing anything H U D neither approves the m erits of the offering nor the value, if any. of the property as an investm ent. 

CLASSIFIED D ISPLAY 
CLASSIFIED D ISPLAY 

 of Shavano 

. i 
^ 
University Oaks 
^ 
W o o d s o f S h a v a n o 

4 
•A 

*«*«*£ 

CLASSIFIED DISPLAY_________ 
CLASSIFIED DISPLAY___________________ CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 
CLASSIFIED DISMAY__________ 
CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 
CLASSIFIED DISMAY 
' 
CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 
C lA SStfllD D ISM AY 
CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 

 marks opening 
Emerald Valley 

Son Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday May 8 I 977 

Still su fferin g from the 
“ post-income tax blues’’? lf you promised yourself you won't let another deduction-less year go by, then today is the day to do something about it. 
Grand Opening 
Visit the Grand Opening of Emerald 
Valley today. Here are new Windsor 
Homes houses priced from $3o,65o, with payments as low as $297 a month 
(based on a VA purchase price of 
$3o,65o; no down payment; no closing costs; 36o equal monthly payments of 
$297 at an 8 per cent, annual percentage rate). 
With a new Windsor home in Emer­ 

 ald Valley, you don’t have to give up the luxuries you’ve grown accustomed to. Fine carpeting, fireplaces, sunken living areas, cathedral ceilings, big patios and all-electric kitchens are some of the great features you’ll find here. 

You’ll be delighted with the easy- living floor plans and the versatility they offer. See for yourself in a tour of the three dramatically furnished mo­ dels now open daily. 

Another asset of Emerald Valley is the beautiful community club with junior Olympic swimming pool, light­ ed tennis and basketball courts. 
Northside District schools and no 

EM ERALD VALLEY m odel hom es h ighligh t G ran d O p e n in g of new W in d so r H om es com m unity this w e e k e n d 

 city taxes make living in Emerald 
USAA and the South Texas Medical north of N.VV. Loop 41o on Culebra wide, handsome sign at Culebra Woad 
Valley even more economical. It’s just 
Center. Koad and follow the signs. Its en- and ( liffbrier Street, the entrance minutes to shopping centers, UTSA, 
To get to Emerald Valley, drive tranceway is clearly marked by a road. 

.cotndsoR homes 

B U IL D IN G C R E A T IV E L Y 
FO R Y O U 

A NEW DISCOVERY 
IN LIVING 

 makes its debut this weekend in Emerald Valley! 

New luxury homes have such features as: fireplaces, exquisite carpeting, sunken living areas, cathedral ceilings and modern kitchens with range, vent hood, dishwasher and disposer. 

Living in Emerald Valley is like having your cake and eating it too! You can enjoy all the benefits of homeownership—income tax advantages, equity build-up and the satisfaction of owning your own home. 

And, at the same time, you get the privileges of 
Emerald Valley's community club with junior 
Olympic swimming pool, lighted tennis and basketball courts. 

Free Cake and 
Soft Drinks! 

M ASTER 
BEDRO O M 

PATIO 

D D 

’KITCHEN 

DINING 
BEDROOM 3 

L 
It 
J 

New Homes 
$3o,65o to $33,7oo 

2-CAR GARAGE 

SUNKEN 
LIVIN G ROOM 

ENTRY 
PORCH 

O 
BATH 

BEDROOM 2 

 e,: * 

COMMUNITY CLUB 
■ Swimming 
■ Tennis 
■ Basketball 

NO CITY TAXES 

NORTHSIDE SCHOOLS 
$318* mo. 

•Based on V A purchase price of $32,875, no down payment and 36o equal monthly payments at 8% annually. 

 rye \ ’1 n ii i A as ■' 

DIRECTIONS: 
Go north of Loop 41o on Culebra to PM 471, turn left, follow the signs mer alc I 
[sa I lev ■ 
* 

J* 

684-I383 
[FEDDERS} >jr m a g ic c h e f 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEW S— Sunday May 8 I 9 7 7 
Woodbridge ll 

Woodbridge will continue the grand opening of its Phase II as a special highlight of Mother’s 
Day weekend. 
The townhouse community is where leisurely life styles thought impossible by many become enjoyable realities, even at prices they can afford 
Recreational package 

On the premises of Woodbridge, 31o2 and 31o3 Eisenhaucr Rd. in northeas­ tern San Antonio, is a recreational package carefully planned to give years of pleasure to the project’s resi­ dents'. Leisure here is plentiful, for residents never need to worry about maintenance of their townhomes or their security. 
Woodbridge already has been the joyful discovery of numerous San An­ tonians. In fact, its first phase, on the south side of Eisenhauer Road, is al­ 

 most sold out. This, however, is the adult-oriented part of Woodbridge. 
Two lighted, acrylic-surfaced tennis courts, tjpro swimming pools, two club­ houses and a picnic garden area make 
Woodbridge more than just a home address. It’s a total environment per­ fect for active life styles of profession­ als or those who want the m ost out of retirement. 
One clubhouse fe atu re s a party room, kitchen and gam e room; the other, a sundeck, ping-pong table and firepit for cookouts. 
All this is for the exclusive enjoy­ m ent of Woodbridge residents and their guests. 
The interiors of the Woodbridge townhouses are visually exciting by their “open” design accomplished by broad window expanses, handsome fireplaces and lavish finishing touches. 
Extra large 17- by 24-foot m aster bedrooms are common at Woodbridge. 
So are fashionable, compartmented 

CLASSIFIED D ISPLAY 
Ct ASSI OSO D IS PLA Y 
CLASSIFIED D IS PLA Y 
CLASSIFIED D ISPLA Y 
C L A S S I C O D ISPLAY 
CL A SSIFIfD D ISPLA Y 
CLASSIFIED D IS PLA Y 
C l A M IN IO D IS PLA Y 
C tA S S lW tP D IS P L A Y 

 holds opening 

 baths. One of the Woodbridge plans has two compartmented baths off the same bedroom — one for him, another for her. Larger units even have 3% baths. 
All Woodbridge townhouses have at least 2l/£ baths, each stunningly fin­ ished with hand-antiqued cabinets, rich coordinated wallpaper and large lighted mirrors. Each townhome alsc has a fireplace and a balcony. 
Three models range, in size, from 
1.75o to 2,7oo sq. ft. The buyer has a choice of a two-car carport or a totally enclosed garage. 
Buyers also are given their choices in selecting colors for the attractive interiors of their townhomes. They can select floor covering, wallpaper and even colors for vanities. 
The kitchens, too, are unusually at­ tractive and fully equipped with top- nam e appliances. They feature an exceptional amount of storage plus a built-in planning desk complete with 

W oodbridge, 31o2 and 31o 3 Eisenhauer Rd. in northeastern San 

Antonio, extends its Phase ll grand opening for Mother’s Day W eek­ end. 

 drawers. 
Energy-saving features are common to Woodbridge townhomes, too. The cost of operating utilities is lessened substantially by a full eight inches of solid insulation inside the outside walls; w eatherstripping on outside doors; bronze, solar-paned glass; a n ­ electric app lian ces; and sep arate heating and air conditioning systems. 
Within N.E. Loop 41o, the Wood­ bridge townhomes are conveniently near N E. IM 35 and North Star, Cen­ tral Park and Windsor Park Malls. 
They’re also close to the business and professional centers of the North Side. 
Alamo Heights and downtown. 

Security of all residences is deter­ mined not only by limited access to the project’s premises but also a highly trained, 24-hour security patrol on guard seven days a week. 

Woodbridge townhomes are priced 

 from as low as $47,5oo to $8o,ooo. 
The project is reached most easily by exiting from N E. Loop 41o to Harry 

Wurzbach Road and going south to 
Eisenhauer Road, where a turn right leads to Woodbridge. 

 iiilM 

INTERSTATE 41o 

EISENHAUER RD 

31o2 Eisenhauer Road 
826-63o1 

O f f lc * a n d m o d a l* o p a n f r o m 
1 o a m to d a r k a * v a n d a y * a w a a k . 
GARRATY RD 

SAN ANTONIO 
COUNTRY CLUB 
X ^ FO R T SAM 
HOUSTON 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday May 8 I 977 

Greenridge North models open 

Greenridge North, a north* eastern Bexar County commun­ ity of select homesites overlooking suburban San An­ tonio, will open two new fully furnished, professionally decor­ ated model homes this weekend. 
U.S. Home Corp. proudly announces that these two models represent the most popular floor plans the firm ever built in the hilltop community. 
Contemporary, English 
The floor plans are modeled in a Old 
English style and a Castilian Contem­ porary design. The new models bring the number of furnished, decorated 
Greenridge North models to seven. 
Each well typifies the U.S. Home qua­ lity found exclusively in the firm's new houses. 
The English and Castilian models 

 feature a special kitchen package that will delight any homemaker. Included are an Americana self-cleaning oven, eye-level microwave oven and rich wooden cabinetry. 
The Castilian plan, the larger of the three-bedroom, two-bath homes, is priced at only $44,51)o; English, $32,95o. 
Each, of course, already is a proven success in the San Antonio area mar­ ket. 
The price range for U.S. Home houses in Greenridge North starts as low as $32,9oo and goes up to only 
$46,5oo. They are three- and four-be­ droom in designs. 
These homes are built with two-car room-finished garages; your choice of wallcovering in both ceramic tile baths and decorator kitchens; your choice of wall-to-wall carpeting throughout; and 
Terrazo shower floors that match the 

C lA S S im O D IS P U V 
CLASSIFIED D ISPLA Y 
CLASSIFIED D ISPLA Y 

 elegance of glass shower doors. 
Greenridge North homes are luxur­ ious also in that they boast hand-craft­ ed fireplaces with gas loglighters; ef­ ficiency-engineered central gas heat­ ing and electric air conditioning units; and. in color-coordinated kitchens, ranges, ovens, dishwashers and dis­ posers, all as built-ins. 

Especially pleasing to the woman of the houae are the furniture-finished cabinets easy to reach and with ample storage room; two linen closets and clothes hampers; marbletop vanities; and mirrored walls. 

Many different designs of homes are offered in Greenridge North. The pro­ fessionally planned neighborhood has blended the various all-brick houses so that one always complements another; increasing home values are assured. 

CLASSIFIED D ISPLA Y 

Greenridge North is aptly called a scenic hilltop community, and. at its peak point, is the amenity area for the exclusive enjoyment of its residents. It features a junior Olympic size swim­ ming pool, wading pool and clubhouse with equipped kitchen 

The neighborhood, which opened in early 1974. now is actually quite estab­ lished and an address many San An­ tonio families are proud to call home. 
Although Greenridge North is slightly outside the city limits, the community is near North East District schools, Randolph AFB, Windsor Park 
Mall, the Outer Loop. N E. IU 35, UT- 
SA, USAA and other major destination points. 

Greenridge North also is easily reached from N E. HI 35 by exiting onto Judson Road, which leads to a 

CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 
CLASSIFIED DI SPLA T 

GREENRIDGE NORTH models furnished, decorated 

 two-way service road that, in turn, ,he area*s ontraneewuy marked by leads to loepperwein Road. A turn beautiful fountains and the Greenridge west onto Toepperwein Road leads to North sign 

CLASSIFIED D ISPLA Y 
CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 
CLASSIFIED D ISPLA Y 

PATIO 

LtVtMQ 
I BATH 

 g a r a g e 

'’♦V 

G ^ sm h M q iL 
T lffd tk 

Northeast San Antonio's most scenic hilltop community. 

, //VTili'\TCWTTrwr'' 

$1 .O O CLOSING COST & 

NOTHING DOWN VA. 

5 % DOWN 

CONVENTIONAL 

Directions Drive out IH35, eat* at 
Judson, 
C R O SS O VER 
IN 
35, 

 turn right on access road and con­ 

 tinue North to Toeppeiwem, and turn left Or. follow Nacogdoches 

N odh ta toepperwem 

NEW DELUXE KITCHEN 
(SEE BELOW) 
YOUR CHOICE OF PLUSH 
CARPET THROUGHOUT 
HANDCRAFTED, ALL 
BRICK, WOODBURNING 
FIREPLACE 
SERVING BAR & 
BREAKFAST BAR IN 
KITCHEN 
LARGE LIGHTED PATIO 
ELEGANT CATHEDRAL 
CEILING 
HUGE BEDROOMS 
W / WALK-IN CLOSETS 

MODELS SHOWN EXCLUSIVELY BY U.S. 
HOME SALES CONSULTANTS 
656-323o 
OPEN DAILY 9-9 

LISTED NEW YORK STOCK EXCHANGE 

W ORTH C O M IN G HOM E TO 

SPECIAL S IA N I 
OPENING 
TWO NEW MODELS IN 

 i > H U! 
I 'I ll 11? 
) lin g e r*f i v 1 
JJM J1 
"'""Itll f zr.T iti,. I 
.;......... 

T 

NEW DELUXE 
KITCHEN 
PACKAGE 

• AM ERICAN A SELF-CLEANING 
RANGE 
• EYE LEVEL M ICRO W AV E OVEN 
• RICH, ALL W O O D CABINETRY 
GALORE 
• YOUR CHOICE OF DECORATOR 
ACCENT W ALL CO VERINGS 

SIX FURNISHED MODELS 
3 & 4 BEDROOM ALL BRICK HOMES FROM *32,95o TO *46,5oo 

EXCLUSIVE 
LIGHTED S W IM CLUB 

N O W OPEN 

NEW DELUXE KITCHEN 
(SEE BELOW) 
YOUR CHOICE OF PLUSH 
CARPET THROUGHOUT 
HANDCRAFTED, ALL BRICK 
WOODBURNING 
FIREPLACE 
LARGE BOX W IN DO W S 
W /W IN D O W SEATS 
EXTRA LARGE KITCHEN 
PANTRY 
MARBLE BATHROOM 
VANITIES & VALANCE 
LIGHTING 
MANY EXTERIOR DESIGNS 
TO CHOOSE FROM 

“ SNUG HOME” 
-INSULATION- 
FEATURES 

• 1 o o % BRICK CONSTRUCTION 

• REFLECTIVE INSULATED SHEATHING 

• FULL 4 " WALL INSULATION 
• FULL 6 " CEILING INSULATION 

• NEW SOLAR GRAY WINDOW GLASS 

• EFFICIENCY ENGINEERED CENTRAL 

GAS HEATING AND ELECTRIC AIR 

CONDITIONING UNIT 

• STEEL ENCASED,INSULATED, 
WEATHER PROOF EXTERIOR DOORS 

• REFRIGERATOR TYPE MAGNETIC 

WEATHER STRIPPING 

GREATER SAN ANTONIO 
BUILDERS ASSOCIATION 

REAL ESTATE LICENSE 

American Col lese of Real Estate, Inc. 

IN BLOSSOM PARK 
OFFER YOU MORE! 

B LO S S O M 
PARK 

» *o 

NORTH LOOP RO 

12o34 Rose Blossom — $47,5oo 

3 & 4 Bedroom Floor Plans. 
O pen 7 til Dusk 
Sales OFFICE: 2 1 5 o Lotus 
W eekends 
Blossom 
O pen IO Til Dusk Weekdays* 
4 9 4 - 3 8 8 8 

Built & D e v e lo p e d by G a r r e tt Brother* 
BLOSSOM 
PARK 

SABOR SETS 
BIG EVENTS 

Two major events are slated this week for members of the San Antonio Board of Realtors. 
A breakfast meeting will be held at 8 a.m. 
Wednesday at the SABOR Auditorium. Speaker for the occasion will be Reese Henry, a member of the local board and president of the Texas 
Association of Realtors. 
The “ Realtor / Realtor - Associate of the 
Year” Dinner • Dance will be held Friday evening at the Alzafar Shrine Activities Build­ ing. The event will begin at 7 p.m. 
REESE HENRY 

San Antonio EXPR ESS-N EW S— 
Sunday M a y 8 I 9 7 7 
‘Great 
’ said perfect for good life 
GREAT AMERICA homes creating excitement in S.A. 

The program, Pisano said, “ is vital to all Executive O f ­ 

 ficers as effective communications with members and non­ 

 members continues to be the number one problem of 

Associations.” 

The Executive Officers Conference is an annual event 

 scheduled by N A H B to keep the “ managers” of local a f­ 

 filiated associations around the country informed on the 

 most up-to-date methods of handling problems faced by 

 their organizations. A full morning's activity is dedicated to 

 this event during each N A H B Spring Board Meeting, More 

 than I 5o association Executives from the 5o states are ex­ 

 pected to attend. 

SAN ANTONIO MAY SCHEDULE 
WEEKEND CLASSES 
3o1 Practice of RE 
May 7-8-14-15 
7o2 RE Finance!First Halfway 14-15-21-22 
DAYTIME CLASSES 
3o1 Practice of RE 
May 2-6 
1o1 Basic Fundamentals 
May 9-13 
2o1 Principles of RE 
May 16-2o 
3o1 Practice of RE 
May 23-27 
EVENING CLASSES (ST. M A R rS U M V . 
SOI Principles of RE 
(8 nights) 

NEWS 
RELEA 

EVP TO CHAIR 

Carol McClannahan! 

 mm GREAT AMERICA 
The really great homes in San Antonio. 

42o4 Gardendale, Suite 3o3, 69o-o3oo, Headquarters for Great America Construction Co. 

It’s a great life, and living it is even greater in The Great Northwest. 
Here is everything you’ve been looking for in a community: beautiful native trees, the finest new homes, a community clubhouse with sw im ­ ming pool, tennis and basketball courts plus a prime northwestern lo­ cation. 
3 builders 
Three top-notch builders, 
Windsor 
Homes, Coates Develop­ ment Co. and Burns Co., are presenting new homes here priced from 
$38,5oo to $55, KHI. 
All include energy - saving features such as 
75 per cent masonry ex­ teriors, extra insulation, attic ventilation systems and environmental posi­ tioning that takes full advantage of the native trees. It's a beautiful way to live and save on en­ ergy at the same time. 
You won’t find new homes like these in other comm unities. Each is specifically designed to complement the beauty of the surroundings. Ex­ teriors utilize natural rock and wood to blend with the environment. 
Interiors have huge pic­ ture windows fram ing exquisite views; window scats make the scenery even more conducive to reflective moments; slid­ ing glass doors open onto shaded patios; and gar­ den kitchens provide convenient serve - outs. 
All the conveniences are in The Great North­ west; central heat and air, modern kitchens, two - car garages, indoor utility rooms pius the finer features like fire­ places; beamed, cathe­ dral ceilings; sunken ar­ ea; and exquisite carpet­ ing. It all adds up lo the way you want to live. 
A beautiful clubhouse with swim m ing pool awaits homeowners in 
The Great Northwest. 
There’s even a wading pod for toddlers. 
Lighted tennis courts 
I and basketball courts are ready for year - round 
| recreation. The natural terrain of gently rolling 
, hills will delight bikers. 

The Great Northwest is out of the realm of city taxes; so, monthly pay­ ments are lower here. 
School bus service is provided to the eleme- tary, middle and senior high schools of the excellent Northside Dis­ trict. 
The Great Northwest is less than Kl minutes from 
USAA and the South 
Texas Medical Center. 
Even closer is the Uni­ versity of Texas at San 
Antonio. 
The expressw ay is nearby and puts Lack­ land and Kelly AFBs just a short drive away. Won­ derland Shopping City is 

 also convenient for shop­ ping. The next regional shopping mall in San 
Antonio is already under construction nearby. 
Ifs a rapidly growing area, and The Great 
Northwest will be a vital part of it. The Great 
Northwest is truly one of the most beautiful areas in San Antonio. 

Furnished models are open daily until dusk. 
•To reach The Great 
Northwest, drive out N. 
W. Loop 41o, exit at 
Culebra Road and drive north to FM 471. Turn left and proceed % mile to The Great Northwest. 
Area befits 

’naturalism’ 

Green Spring Valley. an exciting new subdi­ vision .just north of the 
San Antonio city limits, offers homeowners a un­ ique living environment in a natural community carefully planned to be that way. 
Subdivision planners were able to preserve much of the natural beauty of the area, and the subdivision ’s pro­ gressive design has used the a r e a ’s terrain to create natural recrea­ tional facilities for ho­ meowners. 
N atural park 
Green Spring Valley residents can enjoy their own natural park. The site of this park is a 
3o-acre green belt which has been deeded to ho­ meowners. Nature trails wind through a heavily wooded section of this belt. Huge, old oaks line the trails. These trees and the undergrowth have been left in their natural state. 
The green belt also in­ cludes a picnic area, complete with tables, and a grassy meadow with a football grid. And par­ ents will be glad that children can reach the park without crossing any major streets. 

CLASSIFIED D IS PLAY 
CLASSIFIED D ISPLAY 

The subdivision’s swimming pool and ten­ nis courts also have been built with the landscape in mind. Tall oak trees shade the swimming ar­ ea complete with a wa­ terfall, rock-lined walk­ ways arui an island in tin,* middle of the pool. Green 
Spring 
Valley home owners can play on three professional size tennis courts, but no chain link fence mars the horizon. 
Nylon nets keep the balls in without blocking the view. A party cabana, made of rock and red­ wood in contemporary styling, offers residents full party facilities. lilies. 
The subdivision has been designed for maxi­ mal safety and conven­ ience. The street layout minimizes traffic flow for greater safety, and security guards patrol the area nightly. Land has been set aside on the perim eters of Green 
Spring Valley for com­ mercial use arid will soon provide residents with convenience stores and similar facilities. 
This natural living en­ vironment is located .just nine minutes from Loop 
41o and 15 from North 
Star and Central Park 
Malls.__________________ 

CLASSIFIED D IS PLA Y 

Great have 

Quality built elegance and dynamic styling add up to the “ personality- plu s” Great America homes creating so much excitement among home buyers in San Antonio. 
Every turn of the cor­ ridor arid every room of the home surprises the visitor with refreshing and exciting features. 
P an oram ic 
Enter a Great America home to the breathtak­ ing, panoramic view of a spacious living area with brick-crafted fireplaces and soaring ceilings which may extend beyond second-story liv­ ing areas or indoor bal­ conies. Generous panels of glass merge the envir­ onment arid the home in­ to one airy, open living concept. 
Natural utilization of space by the designers elim inates the four-walled, closed-in feeling of conventional housing. Instead, a Great 
America home may center life around un en­ ormous family living ar­ ea adjacent to the break­ fast nook and kitchen and with easy access to out­ door patios, pools and garden landscaping. 
Formal living and din­ ing areas — many with built-in buffets, cabinets and glass-doored upper cabinets for display — lie to the opposite side of the kitchen, creating a com­ plete walk-through serv­ ing area perfect for home entertaining. 
This unstructured feeling of extended living space is found among the bedrooms and m aster suite, all tucked away 

CLASSIFIED D IS P LA Y 

WASHINGTON 

D 
•HwsifFon't be surprised ii someone tells you how great your Great America nome looks. Because at 
Great America, we believe you can see the difference quality makes. 
In our garden kitchens, with handfinished cabinets and top quality appliances. In our roomy living areas, with vaulted cathedral ceilings, built-in bookcases and woodbum- ing fireplaces. In our lavish ceramic tile baths, with marble vanities and decorator appointments. 
Even in our generous mas­ ter suites, with private baths and walk-in closets. 
Everywhere you look, there is careful attention to design, styling, practi­ cality and energy-effi- ciency. 
But that's only the in­ side story. Outside, Great 
America homes are strik­ ingly individualistic. Each home is designed for its particular homesite. Some are traditional, others reflect the informality of 
California styling. Some have soaring rooflines, 

 cedar trim and second- story balconies. Others are simple, yet elegant. 
But all are equally suited to entertaining and day- to-day family living. 
You'll find these really great homes in San 
Antonio's finest com­ munities. In Northwest 
San Antonio, we have new homes in Park Forest, 
Hidden Creek, Forest Oak 
Estates, and now, 
Elm Creek. In North 
San Antonio, we have new homes in Thousand 
Oaks, The Oaks in 
San Pedro Hills, and 
Hidden Forest. Each community is minutes from excellent schools, near major shopping and employment centers. 
Prices range from the upper-4o's to $1oo,ooo. 
Visit these fine com­ munities today and look for our new red, white and blue signs. For additional information on a particu­ lar community, call 
69o-o3oo. The really great homes in San Antonio are 
Great America homes. 
Just ask any of our home­ owners. 

Great bathroom, 

CONFERENCE 

” 
^ 4§ 

Dominick Pisano, Executive Vice President of the G reater 

San Antonio Builders Association will chair the Executive O f ­ 

 ficers Conference to be held Sunday, M a y 8, 1 97 7 during 

 the N A H B Spring Board M eeting in W ashington, D .C. 

Pisano has arranged an outstanding program on “ Total 

Comm unications” featuring Park Beeler, Vice President of 

 the Charter Corporation, a business congromerate head­ 

 quartered in Jacksonville, Florida. The Charter Com pany is a 

 congromerate in publishing (Redbook, Ladies Home Journal, 

 etc.), land development, oil and insurance. 

America homes frill that excites 

 from traffic areas for privacy, and many have sloped ceilings, glass- paneled walls and indoor or outdoor balconies overlooking great views or living areas below. 
Master suite plans exa­ mine the alternatives to the dark, crowded baths, common to most homes, with separate his-n-her dressing areas, vanities and walk-in closets con­ nected by a sunken Ru­ 

 lable in Thousand Oaks, a quiet community off 
San Pedro Avenue north of N.W. Loop 41o, with homes from $59,ooo to 
$75,ooo. Hidden Forest is nestled among the rolling hills of north central 
Bexar County on Bitters 
Road off Blanco Road, and new Great America homes are available in the community from 
$56,ooo to $72,ooo. The 

Oaks in San Pedro Hills, with tree-covered lots overlooking downtown 
San Antonio, features 
Great Am erica homes from $49,7oo to $6o,ooo. 
Visit the community north of N.W. Loop 41o off San Pedro Avenue. 
Great America sales offices are open week­ days from I p.m. until dusk; weekends, from IO a.m. 

In the northwest, new 
Great Am erica homes are available in the countryside setting of 
Park Forest, off Lock- hill-Selma Road north of 
Wurzbach Road, where homes range from 
$59,ooo to $1oo,ooo. Hid­ den Creek features Great 
Am erica homes from 
$63,ooo to $115,ooo and is located off Vance Ja ck ­ son Road north of N.W. 
Loop 41o. 

Also in northwestern 
San Antonio, Forest Oaks 
E states offers Great 
Am erica homes from 
$45,5oo to $6o,ooo. Visit the community by driv­ ing north on Evers Road off N.W. Loop 41o. Great 
America’s newest com­ munity, Elm Creek, is located off Lockhill-Sel- ma 
Road north of 
Wurzbach Road and fea­ tures new homes from 
$8o,ooo. 
Iii north central San 
Antonio, new 
Great 
America homes are avai- 

CLASSIFIED 
D ISPLAY 

CLASSIFIED D IS PLA Y 
CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 

 man tub. Other plans combine patio and sitting areas in the master suite. 
You will find Great 
America homes in San 
Antonio’s finest com ­ munities. 

CLASSIFIED D IS PLA Y 
CLASSIFIED D IS PLA Y 

Son Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday May 8 1977 
Page 
*7-D. 
NAHB meet draws localites 

Frank 
Manupelli, jresident of the Greater 
'an Antonio Builders As­ sociation, has announced hat a delegation from 
'an Antonio is attending he annual National As- iociation of 
Home 
Builders Spring Meeting 

 in 
Washington, through May IO. 
DC. 

In addition to attend­ ing this National Board of 
Directors meeting, delegates will have oppor­ tunities to visit with area 
Congressmen and U.S. 

Senators from Texas on 
Monday, May 9. 

Manupelli said, “ This gives us a unique oppor­ tunity to visit with our 
Congressmen in Wa­ shington on an informal basis in their offices.” 

A reception and buffet honoring members of the 
95th Congress and their spouses also has been scheduled for Monday evening in the Interna­ tional Ballroom of the 
Washington Hilton Hotel. 

• C LA SSIFIED D ISP L A Y 
CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 
CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 
CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 

EXECUTIVE 
COUNTRY ESTATES 

3 and 4 Bedroom Homes, 
Formal living and dining areas, woodburning fire­ places, wet bars, energy saving package, many luxury extras, quiet coun-. try living with all the city conveniences. 
No city taxes. A well suited home for gracious living. 

NORTHCLIFFE enfrancew ay leads to total community 

CLASSIFIED 
DISPLAY 
CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 
CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 

I. 
Bandera 
Rd. to leon 
Valley 
Elementary School, left on EM 471 

 to EM 16o4, left 2 miles to Oak 
Creek. 

1 2. From loop 41o take Culebro exit 

 then first left EM 1957, 6 mi. to 

16o4, right I mile to Oak Creek. 
3 AND 4 BEDROOMS 
OAK CREEK 

 by usHome 

Listed on the New York 
Stock Exchange 

Furnished 
Models Open 
Daily 
684-3 l l 2 

★ Homes From 
$57,ooo to $9o,ooo 
★ Large W I Acre 
Wooded Lots 
★ V.A. Financing 
( oA M 
Available_______ 
MARKETED EXCLUSIVELY 
By WALT CORNELIUS 
828-6343 

*33,65o to *36,ooo 
8 % V A Financing 
FHA & Conv. Available 

NORTHSIDE SCHOOLS 3 B U S FROM 
ELEMENTARY & CLOSE TO HOLMES 
HIGH & SUI ROSS JR 
HIGH — FEA 
TURING 
• 2 Baths • Custom Cabinets • Central 
Heat & Air • Lots Of Closet Space • 
.High On A Hill 

Open IO A M Til Dark 
H.P. ORTS CONSTRUCTION 
Sales Off: 6 o o 3 W h ite Cloud 
6 8 4 -1 3 8 6 

This new all brick hom e has the features your fam ily deserves: 

• Large single living 

• Full energy saving features 

• Over-engineered air conditioning 

 area fireplace 
Three spacious bedrooms 
1oo% brick exterior 
Twin sliding doors to wraparound patio 

VERY LO W 
CO N VEN TIO N AL 
FIN A N C IN G 

Double garage with ample raised storage. 
Only 
GOLF 
TENNIS 
SW IM M IN G 

> 

OPEN DAILY 9-9 
659-o471 

DIRECTIONS: DRIVE IH 35 NORTH 6.5 MI. 
PAST LOOP 16o4 TO EXIT I 1o3. FOLLOW 
SIGNS. 
I us*Home‘| 

LISTED N EW Y O R K STOCK EXCH ANGE 
WORTH COM ING HOME TO. 

625-9195 

Mother’s 
Day show featured 

■Northcliff©, the new 
$15o million single-fami­ ly residential/golf course community by 
U.S. 
Home Corp., will spot­ light its four fully fur­ nished, professionally decorated models in its medium-priced sector. 
The neighborhood spans two counties, Gua­ dalupe and Comal, and is neatly divided into three different portions with different names. 
Northcliffe 
For Mother’s Day week­ end, U.S. Home is put­ ting the portion simply called Northcliffe in the spotlight. Homes here are priced from $43,5(11) to 
$44,95o. VA financing with an annual interest rate of 8 per cent plus a total move-in cost of only 
$1 is available. 
The four models in the urea represent the various three- and four- bedroom homes of a 11 - brick exteriors. There is a wide variety of exterior designs depicting the in­ fluences of French, Me­ diterranean and Tradi­ tional architecture along with other, more recent designs. 

Each home features a woodburning fireplace, and kitchens are a home­ maker’s delight. They contain items as desira­ ble as built-in cabinets, all-electric appliances, practical pantries and washer/dryer areas with overhead built-in cabin­ ets adjacent to the two- car garages. 

These homes also have received widespread at­ tention because of their innovative energy-saving program which includes gray-tint solar glass win­ dows, precision-fitted steel-enclosed doors which have insulation and a refrigerator- type magnetic weat­ herstripping, insula­ ted foil-back sheathing and an energy-efficient 

 afl-efnctric arr ermditioTf- ing and heating system. 
In addition to the en­ ergy-saving features. 
Northeliffe homes have a one-year warranty on construction and all ser­ viceable products. 
Northcliffe is in the the 
Schertz-Ci bolo-Universal 
City School District. All schools have bus service a short eight.-minute drive away. 
The grand opening of entire Northcliffe resi­ dential area’s compre­ hensive amenities is to take place in the near future. 
Amenities here include three lighted, standard play tennis courts and a professional centre court surrounded by tourna­ ment bleachers. 
An 
18-hole golf course, swimming pool, wading pool and diving pool are other features, as is the multistory clubhouse. 
The other portions of 
Northcliffe are North­ cliffe 
Country 
Club 
Estates, with homes priced from $82,5oo to 
$1o3,ooo and along the 
18-hole championship golf course, and North­ cliffe East, with homes priced from $27,5oo to 
$36,9oo and an Option 
Program by which buyers, according to their needs anti budgets, are privileged to add op­ tion features such as carpeting, wallpaper and buiit-ins after moving in. 
Northcliffe is located 22 miles from downtown 
San Antonio; eight from 
New Braunfels. Walnut 
Shopping 
Center, 
Gateway 
Shopping 
Center and Windsor Park 
Mall are all a 15-minute drive from the commun­ ity. 
To reach Northcliffe, take N.E. IH 35 to the 
Cibolo-Hubertus Road exit and follow the signs to the residential area’s impressive marble co­ lumnar entranceway with fountains. 

Oak Creek offers best of country 

A genuine Hill Country Home presents. Because development of preferred the building - developing homes and full city firm plans to build lux- services? ury homes in the area’s 
That’s but one way to*;3oo acres of wooded ele- desccibe Oak Creek, lo- gance, special extras are coted in northwestern offered among the homes 
Bexar County. 
(now showing in the neighborhood. 
U .S. Horne 
Some Oak Creek homes 
Oak Creek is a com- have wet bars; sloped niunity from Homecraft ceilings in family and 
Corp., now a major di- living areas, as well as in vision of U. S. Home* master suites; and fin- 
Corp. Its homes well befit ished two-car garages. the native oak trees and mountain laurels that capture the whole ro­ mance of nature. 
The community stands out as a prime example of professionally planned communities which yield the best in modern living and lasting — even in­ creasing — home values. 
In choosing the serene setting for Oak Creek, 
Homecraft was sure to preserve Mother Na­ ture’s own creations in a way which allows all city conveniences such as fully paved streets, all curbed; full city utilities; and even sidewalks. 
Four fully furnished, professionally decorated model homes always have been displayed in the neighborhood well at home with nature. 
The models highlight­ ing Oak Creek serve as fine examples of the 

 either separated or with a rear entry. 
Standard luxury features for Oak Creek homes include items as desirable as all-brick, handcrafted fireplaces; automatic garage door openers; large storage rooms; and marbletop vanities. 
Oak Creek, situated outside any city limits and between Culebra and 
Potraneo Roads off N.W. 
Loop 16o4, is served by the Northside School 
District. 
It thusly has good proximity to major des­ tination points. 
Three different routes can be taken to Oak 
Creek. The most direct is to take the Hwy. 9o W. 
Expressway to N.W. FM 
16o4 (Outer Loop), where a right turn leads to the 
•community marked by a magnificent brick foun- aualitv houses U. S. stain entranceway. 

CLASSIFIED 
...... 
U JU M M O DISPLAY 

Garden 
TQdge 

 m f 

Quality Homes in a Country 
Community 

From 
*55,ooo 

651-6237 

Ladshaw - M iller 
Development Co., Inc. 

Pa 

San Antonio EX P R ES S-N EW S— 
S u n d a y M a y 8 I 9 7 7 

( 
* 

] 

I liv in 
I 
.vol a < na ne1 

 c li mi ba pr cal 

 bu 
Ho nu ar hoi 
S3* i sa 
75 ter att an in ad tri to cr? 
I 

 ho co sp co of tei rot wi im to ex se. ev re! int sh de 

CO) 

4 an 

WI an tw ut fir pl; dr. ca int via i 
WI aw 
Th 
Th po 
I ail re ret ter iii] 

Blossom Park has Plus Homes 

OAKS OF M A R Y M O N T boasts lush landscaping 
Marymont units boast ‘Clearing’ 

The Oaks of Marymont is a uniquely designed apartment complex in the oak-covered hills of northeastern San Anton­ io. 
Featuring beautiful apartments and apart­ ment homes in the pres­ tigious Marymont area, 
The Oaks of Marymont forms a colorful com­ munity offering both ele­ gance and privacy, each achieved with IO differ­ ent floor plans in one- to four-bedroom units. 
Even studio apartments are available. 
Extraordinary 
Among extraordinary features of apartment homes at The Oaks of 
Marymont is the balcony- featured with upstairs units that command magnificent views of the grouping’s scenic, tree- studded grounds. 
A ce o r d i n g Iv, g r o u n d - level units boast patios as extras. 

Wise use of glass is re­ flected in the careful placement of windows to create an “ open" atmos­ phere as just another of 
The Oaks of Marymont extras. 
Apartments here also are highlighted by de­ corator wallcoverings and color-coordinated kitchens with complete lines of top-flight ap­ pliances, each built in. 
The story of the apart­ ment community’s club­ house is on which, by it­ self, indicates all the na­ tural beauty surrounding 
The Oaks of Marymont. 
Amidst the many oak trees ubiquitous on the grouping’s grounds was a natural clearing. Today, in that same spot, stands the clubhouse for The 
Oaks of Marymont. Quite appropriately, it was named The Clearing. 
The spacious down­ stairs of The Clearing features a large, carpet­ 

 ed lounge with a fire­ place for both relaxation and conversation. Game rooms are separated from the area. 
Upstairs in The Clear­ ing are two health spas with both exercise rooms and sauna baths. 
Nearby are two large swimming pools surrounded by large, landscaped areas to complete the recreation­ al facilities of The Clear­ ing. One of the pools is for the grouping’s “ open area” to be comprised of family, single and adult units. 
A full-time profession­ al staff is retained to handle all the manage­ ment and maintenance services at the Oaks of 
Marymont. 
Oaks of Marymont, 
88o1) Stare rest Dr., is reached most easily by exiting from N.E. Loop 
41o onto Starcrest Drive and proceeding north. 

“ Plus Homes” by Gar­ rett Brothers are the answer to the problem of today’s buyer. 
The common problem has been, “ Ifs too much house for us; we can’t af­ ford it.” Moderate to middle income families can't bear the burden of the now 
“ average” home: $4o,ooo to $5o,ooo, when all the luxuries have been totaled. 
‘Real need’ 
Garrett 
Brothers, builders - developers of 
Blossom Park, have built their reputation on quali­ ty construction. And. from fine materials and craftsmanship they are not w illing to depart. 
Realizing, however, the real need for lower priced homes, these builders worked out a new home formula that’s based first on quality — quality of design, build­ ing materials, workman­ ship — and goes, from there, to include many building “ extras," Yet the primary purpose — fine homes as low as 
$36,3oo 
— has been achieved through judi­ cious design, business acumen and building expertise. 
“ Plus Homes" are now ready for sale and occu­ pancy. All of these homes 

 are on Cherry Blossom in 
Blossom Park, an area which also boasts homes costing much more than these. That will enhance the value of 
“ Plus 
Homes.” 
Plus Homes have huge 
“ family kitchens” and master bedrooms large enough to accommodate king-size furniture. 
Many more expensive homes don’t offer these features. 
In addition, these “ ex­ tras” are included: cen­ tral heat and air; double 
(not single) garage; in­ side utility room (in all but one plan); wallpaper and carpeting in selected rooms; walk-in closets in master bedrooms; wood- burning fireplace in the family room; and lands­ caping, plantings. 
It is felt that these homes offer more than the luxuries most buyers would expect in moder­ ate-cost homes. Yet an advantage in buying a 
Plus Home is that, be­ cause the buyer is not forced to pay for many costly extras he’d rather do without, he can afford to add a particular item or two he desires, all in his own time and his own way. 

Another plus factor is 
“ status” living. Plus 

W 
T 
T 

BLOSSOM PARK features ‘Plus H om es’ as affo rdab le housing 

Home buyers will be able to swim and play tennis daily, for Blossom Athle­ tic Center is just across the way as an easy walk from any Blossom Park home. This “ plus” gives buyers the fine facilities of a country club without their having to apply for membership. 
Bicycle trails are also a popular offering in nearby McAllister Park. 
Shopping in major malls is within a 
1o-minute drive of Blos­ som Park. 
Garrett Brothers invite 

 home buyers on a budget to visit beautiful Blossom 
Park this weekend to see the 
Plus 
Homes on 
Cherry Blossom. These builders believe it will be difficult, if not impossi­ ble, to beat the quality construction, the area 

 and total offerings of 
Plus Homes at these prices. The sales office is at 215o Lotus Blossom. 
FH A , VA and conven­ tional financial arrange­ ments are possible. 
There are various ap­ proaches to the area. One 

 route is to drive north on 
San Pedro Avenue from 
N.W. Loop 41o and turn right onto Bitters Road. 
At Jones-Maltsberger, turn left, then right onto 
Starcrest Drive and fol­ low signs into Blossom 
Park. 

CLASSIFIC OI SWAT 
CLASS (FIFO IM SW AY 
CLASSI MID DISW AY 

CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 
CLASSIFIED D ISPLA Y 
CLASSIFIED D IS PLA Y 

■ 
■ 
■ 
• nereis only one. 

4oo1 North New Braunfels. A condominium com­ munity of very private, very secure penthouse, tower and townhome residences enclosed in an intimate yet colorful plaza in the heart of San Antonio. 
Our success reflects the success of the people who live here. Over 5o% of the tower residences are sold. 
There are still excellent tower residences available, with singularly spectacular views of the city. Those who buy now will live the private, unhurried lifestyle of a world surrounded by elaborate security and enhanced by the kind of services found only in the best luxury hotels and resorts. 
The opportunity to own one of these unparalleled residences will never again present itself. There is, and will only be, one 4oo1. By appointment only, 
826-6o88. 

TIMBER RIDGE clubhouse, sw im m ing pool suit m any 
Amenities abound in Timber Ridge 

I 
4oo1 
NORTH NEW BRAUNFELS 

A highlight of the 
Timber Ridge communi­ ty in northwestern Bexar 
County is its tennis and swim club. 
The junior Olympic and twin tennis facilities are real assets to the 
Timber Ridge neighbor­ hood. Rough cedar con­ struction is featured in the picnic and dressing areas. Shaded areas are’ provided as well, and the entire area is fenced and well lighted for safety) and beauty. 

Exciting 
This weekend marks another opportunity to see one of the most beautiful community re­ creation centers in Bexar 
County. 
Timber Ridge is an ex­ citing community be­ cause of its convenience to UTSA. USAA and the 
South Texas Medical 
Center. The residential area is just three minutes north of N.W. Loop4loon 
Culebra Road; only 2o from downtown San An­ tonio. 
Another plus for 
Timber Ridge, in addi­ tion to its recreational facilities, would be the advantages of fine 
Northside 
District 

 schools and presence of city utilities and absence of city taxes which calls for a real savings to ho­ meowners in the area. 

The three-and four-bed­ room homes in Timber 
Ridge offer many en­ ergy-saving features, ex­ tra insulation, electric attic exhaust and double glass windows, to men­ tion just a few. Central heat and air, self-clean­ 

 ing ovens, dishwashers, finished garages and pa­ tios also are featured. 

Timber Ridge actually is a community of the future but is ready for you to move in today. 
Model homes are open daily from noon until dark. Financing is avai­ lable through FHA, VA or conventional means, each with minimal inter­ est rates. 

CLASSIFIED D ISPLA Y 
CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 

CLASSIFIED D ISPLA Y fmdstone Mimes 
W ily 
Kent* 

2 Private Garden Patios for each home 
Cathedral Ceilings 
Balconies 
Fireplaces w/some Models 

Self Cleaning Ovens 
Trash Compactors 
Dishwashers 
Located just minutes from 
Colonies North S. Center, 
Wonderland, UTSA, U SA A , 
Datapoinf, and the Medical 
Center 

W hen you could be building the biggest 
Savings 
Account of your life! 

For $362 * per mo. you can own a 3 bedroom Townhome. 
5 % down, priced from 
$38,7oo 

‘ $ 2 8 9 P rincip al & Interest, $ 6 5 Taxes, 

$8 insurance, 
$ 3 6 2 total m o. pmt. 

(3 6 o m o. pm ts.) 

W oodstone 
Townhomes 

4 9 4 8 W oodstone Drive 

69o-ll 92 

THIIBERMDGE 

Features: 

★ Hillside lots 

★ Beautiful oak trees 
★ City utilities 

★ No City taxes 

★ Tennis & Swim club 

★ VA, FHA & Conventional 
Financing 
★ Convenient to: 
Medical 
Complex, 
UTSA, 
USAA, 
Lackland, 
Southwest 
Re­ search & Wonderland. 

★ Community Elementary 
School (Proposed) 

TimBER 
RIDGEL, 

Quality homes on hillside lots with beautiful oak trees: that's TIMBER RIDGE. A choice of neighborhoods featuring homes from $33,ooo to $37,ooo and 
$45,ooo to $6o,ooo in THE O A K S O F TIMBER 
RIDGE. Ideally situated in the growing northwest, 
TIMBER RIDGE is the site of a proposed Elementary 
School, near the proposed New Mall, and within easy driving distance of shopping centers, UTSA, USAA, and the MEDICAL CENTER. See TIMBER RIDGE soon. 
Model homes are open daily from noon till dark and 
IO a.m. till dark on weekends. 

Quality Homes by: 

Environment Hom es - 681 -I 371 

Hidden V a lu e Hom es - 6 8 4 - 1 5 7 7 

Liberty Homes - 6 8 4 - 5 6 5 5 

Trans Texas Hom es - 6 8 4 - o 3 9 3 

Just 3 minutes North of Loop 4 I o 
Culebra Road Exit. at 

The p la c e w h e re y o u b e lo n g . 

S a n A n to n io E X P R E S S -N F W S — 
S u n d a y M a y 8 1 9 7 7 
P a g e 9 D 

SPECIAL NOTICES 
11o SPECIAL NOTICES 
IID SPECIAL W M S 
11o SPECIAL W M S 
11o SPECIAL W M S 
HO SPECIAL W M S 
IID SPECIAL W M S 
111 SPECIAL M M S 
11o SPECIAL W M S 
11o-SPECIAL W M S 

TO O U R VERY SPECIAL MOTHER: 
THE DEAREST THING GOD GAVE US 
THE 
TREASURE 
ABOVE 
All 
OTHER 
IS THAT 
PRECIOUS ANO ABIDING LOVE. THAT HE IS 
INSTILLED IN MOTHERS' AND THE 

 r n 
. 
_ 

 r n 
P 
Bki I 

 a -4- .•••■ 1 

BEXAR 
\*V „ 

* - 

MOTHER 
You Don’t Have To 
W orry About M e 
Any Longer. 
^ 
Finally Cot a Proposal and ^ 
Accepted. 

 kOM. Thanks tor oil the sparta! lungs voo do for os, you are one 
It a kind M ay your Day be a good 
| H and W* Cove you very much lo v e 
A lw o v s , 
D u d . 
K o ro n a n d 
I hor on 
_ 
OM, Thanks for listening to our roble nis AN D a d v is in g us W 
OVE YO U V E R Y M U C H * !! 
UBBY AND GLORTZ 

I M rs A lto B J. Is the G re a te st 
I Mother in the whole wide world* j And We should know With love j a lw a y s ...H a n n a h . 
V e g e n e , 
Turner 
HAPPY 
M O TH ER S 
D A Y! 

Aum We hope you are as happy odav os we are to hove you as ar m om . Cove A lw a ys C indy, e tsv. T e r r y , L o re n , J e r r y . buckie, Jenny, Charlie 
MOM 
We love you very much 
Thanks for being here 
Sylvia, M ichael and Christopher 

MOM, We Love You! 
Y o u r k id s , J A C K , V IV IA N . 
BRYAN and 
CAROLYN 
W IDEMAN. 
M om , we lo v e y o u . 
H a p p y 
M o th e r’ s D a y 
M a rtin , M ik e , 
Marcy, Sheena, Holly and Rick 
M O M ,We LOVE YOU 
BECAUSE YO U’RE the greatest 
ANGIE, JO SIE, E S TE LLA . LIN 
DA, D E L L A AND CARRIE 
M OM, W ish in g you h ap piness 
Dday, throughout the years 
Happy M other s Day 
JEA N IE 
MOM ou are the Best in the World, We 
Love You V e ry M uch 
JESSE, 
JIM M Y KATHY, AND M IL L IE 
Mom you are the greatest mother in the w orld Love Connie, Rudy and Dad 
MOM 
You re the best 
We love you m ore each day 
G loria and Ray 

“ ME MUDDER” 
Who Mokes Me Tok* a Both on 
Saturdays Need or Not 
“ ME MUDDER” 
Who Molds My Hand When I was 
Afraid of The Boogie Mon 
“ ME MUDDER” 
Who Tells Me I’m More Handsome 
Than Robert Redford 
“ ME MUDDER” 
I love You Mudder; 
Angelito G Bollesteros fro m yo u r son luis Bollestero 
N" 
Grandson IBI 

To m y dearest w ife, ROSIE F , who has been the most w onderful w ife and m o th e r a n y husband could ever ask for. I LOVE YOU 
FOR E V E R Y T H IN G * H a p p y 
M other’s Day! Love. ROBERT 

Best Wishes and Happy Mothers d a y to G lo rio , fro m h u sb a n d , 
Alberto, ond children, Albert, and 
C h r i s t i n e _______________ 

C onsuelo C h a ve r, you ore the greatest m other in the w orld We lo v e y o u . D ia n a . S te v ie nod 
TO M Y MOTHER 
Y o u ’ re th e m o st w o n d e rfu l Steven Trevino 
MOTHER A Daughter could hove 
DAWN 
L OVE YOU v e ry m uch. j 
HAPPY MOTHERS D A Y ! I 

T h a n k 
Y o u 
M om , fo r the sacrifices made, and the Love you gave, our lives are richer for you. 
Sandra. Leona, Caprice, D arren and Kimble. 

MRS N EUENBIRG 
Hove a lovely M other’s Day You ore a perfect neighbor Betty ond 
Kim 
ORA 
LO V E FR O M T H E K ID S ON 
MOTHER S DAY* THANKS FOR 
BEING A GREAT MOM 
LOVE 
CHUY 
OUR MOM CARMEN 
On your day of rest from us at 6o1 No Pork 
Wishing you the best 
Our Mom is Num ber One! T rixie 
S a uer is N u m b e r O ne! D ic k , 
Ronnie, Cindy and Becky all wish you an A b so lu te ly Super D ay 
P roverbs 31; IO l l 
PLACIDA GARCIA 
Happy M other’s Day 
GRANDMA 
From 
Vique, 
Lupe. 
V ictor 
Norma 

The best lo vin g and w o n d e rfu l person in the world 
That’s you 
M om * W ith love fro m D e bbie , 
Sylvia ond A bel_________________ 
The rose is o rose, ond was al ways a rose But the theory now qoes that the apple’s a rose, ond the pear is, ond so s the plum I suppose. The dea r only know s what w ill next prove a rose. YOU, of course, are a rose • but were alw ays a rose. Happy M o th e r’s 
Day. Oovna 

To Joyce We oil hope voo have a real good M other’s Day We think you o re the b e st M o th e r ond yo u ’ve raised us g re a t Thanks 
Mom 
Love. 
M ark, 
Dona 
Clint 

To m y m o th e r R om ano T re io , y o u 're th e w o rld 's g re a te s t) mother 
I Love You, your son j_______________ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ 
Raymond 
Dear G LOR IA. Wife and M other! ra re Love tor you on this special day 

To our Mom and Wife 
We Love You so m urh 
DAWNA, PAM AND G LENN 

H A PPY 

M O TH ERS D A Y 

BARB ARA 

ROSS 

THE BEST 

G R A N D M A IN 

THE W HOLE 

W O RLD 

LOVE 

Y O U R LITTLE 

G R A N D SO N 

KEVIN 

MOMMY I LOVI 
X 
SO MUCH, 

CAUS! YOU Rf THI 

GRC AUM MOMMY IN 

THE WHOM WIOI 

WORIO .. 

W tlTH U R T Wf lOVI 

YOU WITH AU OUR 

WARTS, YOU Rf UK! 

THE SUN. THI WORIO 

LAN T DO WITHOUT, 

NOR CAN Wf DO 

WITHOUT YOU 

HARRY MOTHfRS DAY lOVt 
ARM VINCfNT ROSSffTT 
PRISCILA YVfTTf 
ROSSffTT 

( I 
(I 
o 

(I 

TO: C. GUADALUPE MACIAS 
H A P P Y MO T H F R S D AY 
WB LOVE YOU 
ANTONIO, MARY, PATTY & TONY 

TO THE M O TH ER 

OF REAL ESTATE 

ROSES AR RLD, 

V IO llTS ARE BLUE, 

REAL ESTATE WOULDN'T 
BE THE S A M E ... 
WITHOUT YOU!!!! 

THE REAL ESTATE 
• BR A TS ” 

^ T Iie rT 'o r^ m ln ^ W o fid e rfu r^ 

Mothers in this woild, yet we 

 hove the most lovely end most 

 beautiful of oil To Oui Mother 
MARIA LUISA HURTADO 

Who is loved Very Moth 
Happy Mothers Day, 
Mom, 

 love, linda, Glorio, Beta, Dickie, 
Chit, nm! Ralph 

| GUADALUPE V.A. | gA beautiful and great® t MOTHER * 
I 

I 
8 
8 
8 
8 
8 
8 
8 
8 
8 

Who shows much concern 

 tor her fam ily. 

This is a special 

 d a y to say 

WE LOVE YOU! 
C Y N YMI A, D IN O , 
B I V , if RP Y 
J O N A T H A N , 
J A S O N J E N N IF E R 

I e s p e c ia lly L o v e 
Y o u (A LOT) 

JANIE M E N D IO l A 
Love ond Peace on this Special 
D a y 
H o ve a v e ry 
H a p p y 
M o th e r s D ay 
Ye deseon Ins 
Hues, huas, ntetos, ond Husband 
R a ym o n d . L ittle R o y. V ic to r. 
Luis, L a te e n 
A lice , V e ro n ica . 
Christina. Lethe Vie ond M ichael 

To Mom V allerv 

To m y w ile R avm onde, name fo r o tru ly ra re w om an ond i Happy M other's Day. Don 

This is the tim e to say M other You 
Are B eautiful and to Thank-you fo r ra isin g me w ith yo u r Love. 
Though the m iles are fa r between us Your love and understanding w ill alw ays keep you very near 
Love your daughter Pi Pi 

TO 
J U D Y 
T H U R 
H a p p y 
M oth er's Day 
We oil love you v e ry m u ch 
C h ick, M ichelle, 
Cloudine, Pepper _______________ 

To Maria I Hurtado 
For being the 
Most 
W onderful and most 
Loved Mother and Wife. 
Y o ur 
Husband, 
ROBERT HURTADO. 

Roses are red. today is your day 
Jounito Sotdono, Happy M other's 
Day We love you. Bib, Lisa ond 
Sarah 

This is to say t really appreciate what you do for me, even though I don't show it at times. W ithout voo 
I don't know where I would be. I 
LOVE YOU ALWAYS, Gabe 

To ’’M IG ” 
HAPPY MOTHER S DAY 
We Love You! 
Dad, Paul, M orse ond Som 

TO MOM AND GRANDMA 
Happy M other's day to the most w onderful woman fro m , RO EL, 
JOEL, J G RAN DPA, DAD and 
AN NETTE. 

TO M Y W O N D E R F U L W IF E 
AND M O TH E R OF M Y BE A U 
T IF U L SON ISAAC 
A H A P P Y 
M O TH E R S D A Y , YO UR HUS 
BAND R ICHARD AND K ID S __ 
To Our D e are st M O TH E R who loves and cares for us • May you hove a bea utiful M oth er's Day* 
Yvonne, M ichael, M ark and Little 
Luis____________________________ 
To Our M other, LUS YB AN EZ 
Wishing her a Happy M other's 
Day and Mov we have m any m ore to come. We Love You and you are a v e ry S p e c ia l M o th e r. F R O M ; 
Ruben, Lidia, Eddie, Alice. Olivia. 

L o ve , 
Jo h n . 
D e n is e , 
M ichelle, K arina v ie k l, 

Dear M om m y, You have won the best m other of the year aw ard. I 
Love You, Tracy 

GRANDM A LUPE 
I We all love you Happy M other's iO o v !' lo v e Jeanette, Roxanne, 
Heather Garza 
_ _ _ _ _ _ 
GRANDMA 
W ishing you Happiness 
On Mother's Day 
M ARG AR ETA 

- r n 

D E A R M OM, thank you tor un d e rs to n d in g me ond fo r being you. Happy m others day, I love you, Janna 
D E A R 
M O M 
We lo v e you because you do so m o n y nice things for us. You toke care of us 
G u s Robert"a od" Do r Ie rt e ~ Phi s* Ai i I when we are sick and always love 
Y o ur G ra n d c h ild re n w ho L o v e ll** Nanny M nther s D ay. L ittle 
You very much 
Happy M o th e r’s D a y! L ittle 
Raymond and Big Raymond 

GRANDM OTHER 
Glad to have you os 
Our G randm other 
Shannon and Tam m y 

Happy M other's Day to Judy, o lo ving, gra cio u s, sh o rin g , com passionate, u nd erstanding, qty mg. chtirm inq, tendei woman we love JJP 
_ _ 
_________ 
Happy M o th e r’s Day Y olnndo love you fo re v e r ■ yo u r lo v in g husband and your daughter ■ The 
Wh\j_ Kid T rio n 
Happy M other's Oav to my lovinq 
I w ife J o n ie I fro m her lo v in q 
! husband ond kids, Raul Lupe ond 
I Nertho 
_ _ 
_ 
1 
HAPPY MOTHER S DAV 
M O M , 
I 
LO V E 
YO U 
V E R Y 
MUCH, YOU ARE NUMBE R I TO 
ME LOVE 
CINDY 

8 

8 
8 

8 t i 
% 
I 
I 
F R A N K L.C. 
| 
.Spa to to set w* 

I 
TO THE BES I MOTHER 
IN THE WOR I D 
HAPPY MOTHERS DAY* 
LOVE ALWAYS BARBARA AND 
T IN A 
_ 
To The Best Mother Anyone coui< hnve W ishing her o Very Happy 
M other s DOV, Wont to thank he* 
[for everything m at she bos don* j for us. Love. Esther, Raw!, Anat! j so. E oniy 
____ iT o the p e st M om a n d G ra n d mother in the whom world Uriots 
M elody K,n* and Robin M a rty 
Kathy Bm h i .I and Beth Eddy 
John ond v sky 
R ic h a rd a n a 
Rose Donnv and Candy WE Io n you* 
___________ __ 

LUPE ALEJAN D R O 
Happy M other’s Oov 
MOM 
_ V iga**, Victor, ii Norm a 
MAC 
~ 
L o v e and k is s e s a lw a y s to 

HAPPY MOTHER'S DAY to OUR 
M O T H ER S w ith 
A L L 
O UR 
LOVE 
FR O M 
RO BERT AN D 
LIN D A GONZALES 

RUBY 
Happy M other's Day to my won derful M OTHER, the lovely lady I coll my own. I Love you. M other 
Darling. Carol 
RUTH ALEJAN DR O 
Happy M other’s Day 
GRANDMA 
From 
Vioue, 
Lupe. 
V ictor 
Norma 

TO ADA 
Happy M other's Day 
Roy, Arteene, Darleene 

1 TO MOM, Happy M other's D ay! I 
Love You! M o /this M other's Day 
. be your happiest. Love Always j CHRISTINE.____________________ 
I To M om, ROSIE F., fro m your 
I loving sons: WOODY. M IC H A E L, j JAMES We love you w ith oil our hearts Love from your sons 

BABE; Pussy Poo ond I wish you a HAPPY MOTHER S OAY Hope nothing sooils your day Forever always BABE 

D e lfin o V G enoveva, N u e stro s m a d re s que m u c h o la s o p re cio m o s v oue rem os, F e ll; 
Did y Machos Mas Julia, Alberto y Bebe 
EL F R IE N D O 
M -is fo r the m a n y y e a rs ago, 
(Dec.,1944), that o displaced, dis fraught, and disabled Iii meskin' 

Because of all the endless hours j U H IS ? « *S r A lifs ii 
"ot spent, because of oil the carefully j 
TeliilV o t eTe p chosen words, because of the life you gave us, We Love You So 
M uch M ore. Love, D ad, R u dv, ond Connie Ponce 

TO; AD ELE A C U ELLAR . I Love you M om m y May God keep you safe for me Your little angel 
Carmen 
TO ALICE 
FROM CHER YL 
AND THE KIDS 
HAPPY MOTH RS DAY 

SILVIA, We love you very much ond each day m ore Thank you for being a great m other ond wife. 
G ilbert, G ilbert, Jr , John, David 

MOTHER: 
H A P P Y M O T H E R S D A Y 
WE 
COVE YO U! JA C K IE . SONDRA, 
LA U R IE , AND JOHN____________ 
M o th e r, ju s t a re m in d e r th a t w hatever our differences, I love you very much and you ore very specJQl to me Joan______________ 

SONDRA 
H A P P Y M OTHERS D A Y * ANO 
THANKS FOR THE YEARS OF 
WORK 
LO VE: 
JACK LA U R IE JOHN 

To all my kids: Dannv, Regina, 
Owen, D ix ie . S tanley, J e re m y , 
M ichelle, Donny, Susan, Deena, 
Jomes, OeeDee and Tom m y Jr. I love being your Mom 

To M OM 
We a ll LO V E YO U, i even th o u g h we d o n ’t show it sometimes. HAPPY MOTHER S 
DAY* 
Love, Cheryl and fam ily 

MOTHER O LIV IA , Have a Happy 
Mothers Day. We love you Your 
♦ e m ily — D ad, O rla n d o , D e b ra , 
Philip— P S., Oh. and Chico______ 
M OTHER 
You ore the M oth er m ost w o n d e rfu l o f the w o rld , cause you have us a ll, your 12 children ond we love you with all our heart God bless you. D om in­ go.. From the Perez fam ily. 

MRS 
J U A N IT A 
C A B N E SS. huopv m other's day to the swee­ test m other. 
I know 
M aurice 
Henderson: 
KA THR YN BOWEN, OUR MOM 
WE LOVE YOU* 
PE R R Y AND DOT 

SRA M A R IA ELE N A GUZMAN 
Que seas muy Feliz, al ludo de tus hiios v m arido. Ray, Rick, E lva, 
Pati, Ten. 
Sweetest Mother thot a daughter could ever hove Happy M other's 
Day. loving daughter Kathy 
SW EETHEART I thank God, for le tting me be at the rig h t place and the rig h t tim e, and allow ing me to pick You os a M oth er to 
S o n n y, A l, P e e w e e , T h in k e r , 
Raymond, Tony ond F rog: Love, 
Frankie. 
THANKS for the Patience, Love a n d P u s h in g O n! L o ve cam e down in the form of You, M om ! 
Lynda, 
Nancy, 
Susan,M ike 
Hornby 
THANKS to God for giving us a w onderful mother. 'We love you.* 
David and Daniel Treio 

TO BESSIE C. Mom, I would like to tell you how much I Love You, that I am very Thankful thot you are always there when I need you 
M ov God le t me keep you fo r m a n y y e a rs to co m e . L o v e .. 
Yolanda. 

TO M OTHER fro m the kid who put o teor in your eve, a lum p in your thoot ond a pain in your neck 
W ILL you make me rice pudding? 
I LOVE YOU, B IL L Y BOY 
To Mother with Love, on M other's 
Day From Your children ... Joe, 
R u e b e n , 
A r th u r , 
N o rm a 
T 
HAPPY M OTHER'S DAY 

Bendito seo Dios, nor habernos dado una M adre corno tu Mama, oues eres la m e io r de todo el m u n d o e n te ro , aue so lo bos sabido d a rn o s tu g ro n A m or y 
C o m prension, te a d o ra m o s tus 
Hiios, M artha, M aria, E sther y tu meta Veronica 

 for the other 5 good happenings : that came from this chance meet lin g like V irg in ia . L yn n , (B ob), 
I Frank R 
J r , (S h irle y ), R obert [ 
A lle n , I J u d y ), L e ig h Ann and 
Cynthia G ail who in tu rn sprang 
| fo r S m o re -M e la n ie , M ic h a e l. I i Laura. Julie Flores and Jennifer 
N icole F ra g o S p eokin gof Jen n ite r Happy B irthday this 8th of 
M ay, 1977, your very 1st one 
T T E O T , DAD 
Can’t le t you forg et th a t you're lo v e d a w h o le lo t, M O M M Y 
DEAR Happy M other's D ay! Te ri, Colleen, Lvnette 
FELIZ DIA OE 

Today belongs to you Mom, howe a very happy M other's Day. I love you, Donna Gay 

To M rs. A u ro ra Vasauez, frm 
M C, Although you never got to be m y m other in Low, I s till find it in my heart, to say Happy M other’s 
Day, Mom. 
To My Beloved M other tho! I love ve ry much* God Bless You and 
H ove A H a ppy M o th e rs D a y ! 
Love U—Nachito R ivera 

 c a t h y G. 
H APPY M O TH ER 'S OAY From 
L au rie and Someone who loves you very much ond alw ays will. 
CON AMOR Y CON CARINO 
PARA MI M A D R E C IT A 
R EYES FE LA N 
DE PARTE OE SU H U A LUCY 
CON CARINO PARA 
JU A N ITA DE LA ROSA 
DE PARTE DE E REYES 
A unque nunco Beque a ser m i suegra. aun existe en m i corazon el m ismo corino para Ud 
F E LIZ DIA DE M ARES 

LAS M ADRES Le Deseamos No sotros.... Irene, Wicho ond Eileen 
F o r m y P R E C IO U S M O T H E R . 
JU L IA , who has given me a life tim e of love ond devotion All my ; love, S A L L Y !____________________i 
F o r O ur M oth er Rosa V Mom : words can't express our feelings for you We Love you V e ry Much 
HAPPY M OTHER'S DAY 
Rick, 
M ory ond C assandra___________ 
G R AN D M A LO PEZ, Thonk you fo r being there when we needed you ond fo r just being yourself 
L o v e , C A P R I, L IS A , M A R K , 
M ARY LOUISE. VICTOR 

Happy Mother’s Day 
From Becky ond Donnv 
_ ______ We Love Y o u _______ 
HAPPY MOTHER S OAY 
MAMA 
T e rry, Shannon, Kevin 
HAPPY M O TH ER ’S DAY to Our 
M other, ELOISA NAVAIRA, The 
Greatest Mom in the w orld From 
Ail Her F am ily________ _ 
HAPPY MOTHER'S DAY 
With All Our Love, 
Sarah, Sylvia, Joe 
M elissa, M ary ti B obby__ j Happy M o th e r's Doy to a v e ry 
■ w onderful m other who bos been 
[ very sincere and understanding 
! We hove nothing to otter you but i OUR LO VE' From Cynthia, Ste phonie. Som, Cathy Pantoio 
HAPPY MOTHERS DAY 1977, We j m ay not alw ays be on our best behavior and m ay not tell you how 
I much we love you os often os we j s h o u ld , b u t we o il lo v e you bunches. Shouno, Andreeno, ond j Jim 
____ 
HAPPY 
MOTHERS 
DAY 
MOMMY* 
I YOU ARE THE G R EA TES T------ 
AND WE LOVE Y O U '!' 
M IC H E LLE 
AND 
MELISSA 
__________ R O B IN S O N _______ 
: H APPY M O TH ER S D A Y, Reva is 
We lo v e you v e ry m u ch 
; Wayne, Wando, Judy. David and i Debbv and Dod too 

H A P P Y 1977 M other 
G loria Rios. 
Greatest Mom and wile. 
I 
Love: Leonard 
_ h a p p y M o th e r's day. A m p a ro 
[ De La Cruz, from your son who 
I loves you a bunch Grog 
HAPPY M other's Day, Ana M aria 
De La Cruz, from your husband or|d children who loves you a lot h a p p y M oth er's day. we love) 
I love, love You, for oil you do for 
(IS Lone. B ruce. David Bob 
'H a p p y M o th e rs D a y to Ro" 
[ semarte We love you very m uch! 
DICK, RICHARD 
AND KURT 

S uperm om " on M o th e r's Day, 
_ _ _ _ _ I 1977 Shawn, Ltso, M ichelle. Kyle, 
DOV to 
Brett 
M a d re , en e stse d ia de la s madres, Ie venga o desir que Ie onto con todo mi vida v que seas felts Tus Hiios. 

TO THI 
PER SON IN 
H A F F < 

To the 5 7 * ole we could ut ho your levi 
I tie 
Roger 
To the n ig s! v stannum ‘.‘ Mis 
DPO I 
' * I* 
VOUK 
TO I H I 
MO 
MOM AN D O' 
WOR I I 
VV ! 
ELV*' A N D R 

B IG G E ST 
D E N T DATA n i t RS DAY m a o _________ 
* Mom, We kn. , mode it witting* h i* 
Steve. Sylvm 

 tor ors and Ona i i 
WE LOVE o.ui on v e ry m u rh 
MMG 
: W ON DER f i j i 
A NOMA IN TMI 
M LOVE EM M A 
VY ABEL 

MA, I love you. Honey 
W ith oil my heart j _______Your husbnnd. Wes_______ 
' M aim , oiole que pase su did, inuv 
1 felix, lo queremos mucho. G loria. 
D ora, C arm en, K tkie, C ham m a, 
• M alicha, None, Frankie, Gotebo 
M A R Y E , There a re m o th e rs true ond thru, But not a mother as nice os you, that is why we love you too 
H a ppy M o th e rs D ay 
Joesy Bernice and M alisso 

HAPPY MOTHER S DAY 
SOPHIE RICONDO 
From PEPE A F A M ILY 

MARY 

• v 

TO IM F MOST W O N D E R E D ! 
M O I ML R A HUSBAND AND A 
L IT T LE G IP ; < AN HAVE 
STAI v DEANN 
JUAN RUIZ 

Happy Mothers Day 
Grandma. G arcia 
Love 
V eria and Joe 
Happy Mothers Doy 
G randm a Sally 
Love 
V eria ond Joe 

HAPPY MOTHERS DAY to S Y I 
VIA with love ond affection Your 
F am ily 
Anthony. Cinco. Moody ond Husband Richard 

HAPPY MOTHERS D AY, 
MOM LOVE FROM A LL YOUR 
C H ILD RE N LOVE 
LIN D A. GLADYS A DIAN A 
Happy 
M others Day 
Regina M M artinez from Husband ond Children with love always 

Happy M other’s Day 
Love. Bobby A M elissa 

•MARY LOU* 
WE A L L LO V E YOU IN TH IS 
SPECIAL D A Y! 
ED D IE , ROLAND, ROCK AND 
WODNEY 
M a ry Scot! Acosto, L ife otords me this g re a t pleasure to have you still and to Say how I Lave 
You on th is v e ry sp e cia l day 
Love Jose 

VE R A , Mapov M oth er's Day ti the MOM we love ana appreciate 
Love from , Aurora, G loria, Ola 
Jesae, George, Rebecca, N orm ' 
E lv ir a A lp o rt 
_____ _ _ _ _ _ _ 
W ANTED 
The MOST W onder! '! m o th e r; c h a rm in g , w ilt * u n d ts la n a m g 
L o v a b le , (M i 
Madre con mucno am or; am or) 
Tu Hi|o john 
W e d li k e to S a y— H A P P Y 
M O T H E R S 
D A Y to 
‘ M o w 
M o w "— fro m G re g . 
T re n t, 
Charles and Carlo 

MOM, Happy M other's Day! May there be lots more M other's Days tor us, your fam ily Love, M AX, 
N E L L IE A N D K I D S______________ 
MOM 
I Love You cause you're the greatest M other in the W orld! 
Happy M other's Day! From your 
Son, Ferm m 

We Hope You hove a H A P P Y 
MOTHER S DAY, each and every day We a ll love you 
M athew . 
M tcheil, M orcie, Bertha, Raauel and Francis 

WE LOVE YOU M OM M IE ! 
SAM ana TWINK IL 

To E T H E L H., Happy M oth ers 
Day to a b e a u tifu l. W o n d e rfu l 
M other. We Love you! Al, Bettye and Children. 
To G lodine. happy m others day from the whole fam ily, we oil love you. C h u ckie . J im i, P rin c e s s , 
G age. K e n n y , F a ith , B o n n y , 
Wayne, and C rackerjack 
To G ra n d m a Lup e: Roses a re red, sun flow ers are yellow. I love you m ore than a big bowl of Jello! 
Love, your Jetty 

To My Dearest Wife Beatrice 
HAPPY M OTHER S DAY 
Wish we could be together on this doy 
A C . 

To m y M o th e r A d e lfo C u e lla r, who has done so m uch for me, I lo v e you v e ry m u c h . 
Y o u r daughter, Norm a. 

LOVE IS a m other who con w ithstand the blows of Life, and s till come up s m ilin g 
H a ppy M o th e rs D o v, 
M o m , We L o v e y o u ! M E L B A 
AND LISA H E R N AN D EZ 

KA TH E R IN E LEE 
The light of m y Life, M other of m y 
(childre n A ll my love ond happi ness. TOM 

In M em ory of Lucille Casinos 
We Love You A Miss You Very 
Much Tinnie. W alter, 
Jomes, K a rl, JoAnn. 

HAPPY MOTHER’S DAY 
FROM 
______ M ARVIN________ 
HAPPY MOTHER S D A Y ! L ^ v l 
J t NNY AND GLORIA___________ 
Happy M other's Day Dottle 
With all of our love on your day 
Love, Richie, Paul, David and 
Dabby. 
__________________ 

Happy Mother’s Day n Nancy, Celeste. Richardrd and 

HARD TIM E 
SUBLIM E 
M ADE YOUR MOTHER 
TH ERE S NO OTHER 
TO CHERISH YOU 
THIS IS NOT A JEST 
T H E 
L O V E 
I 
H O L D C A M E 
FROM YOUR BREAST 
HARD TIME 
SUBLIM E 
TH ANK YOU MOTHER 
TH ERE S NO OTHER 
BILL 

Hi MOMMY! 
FROM 
JE N N Y ANO HO LLY 

LOVE TO MY MOTHER IN OHIO 
L illia n Hughes 
LOVE . 
Dean 
I LOVE YOU, 
RABBIT 

MOM, Thanks for your w orm un derstonding und Love. Thanks tor being there and liste ning to our problem s LOVE, F rank, Monica. 
A Sylvia 
To Our Mother 
From 3 who cannot do without her, ever! 
Love always, Bandi, Pooh and Jerry_ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ 
To Our W onderful G randm other 
Happy M o th e r's Doy We Love you. Am y, Ronda, Robert, Irene, 
M ichael ond Stephanie__________ 
TO STELLA THOMPSON 
The Best M om on th is E a rth 
From one Virgo to another, I Love 
You Very Much RENNA 

We love you 
M AMA 
Very, very much 
Shannon. Leslie, and David 
We love you 
MAMA 
Happy M other's Day 
Shannon Leslie, D avid 
We Love you Mom 
Happy M others Doy 
Love Carmen, Paul, 
Sam und Dad 
Wishing N a n ty a Happy M oth er'* 
Day for all the love and help she has g iv e n to th is fa m ily , h e r 
(frie n d s a n d to lite C h u rc h 
It w ouldn't be a happy day w ithout you 
Mom 
Love, 
Keith ond 
I 

1 E dw oid 
_ 

_ _ _ 
Vou a re the m o s t b e a u tifu l 
M other in the w orld We all love you Love, Robert, Anita, Dem#, and Jermotne 
_____ _____ 
| You o re the w o rld s g re a te s t 
M O M ! H a p p y M o th e r's O a v, 
Donna, Debbie, R ick, Tom, And 
Joy We Love You! 

Want 
Ads 
CALL 
225-1666 

HOURS 

8 A.M. to 
5:3o P.M. 
MONDAY thru FRIDAY 

4 o 1 — A partm ents Furn. 
4 o 2 — H ousekeeping Apt. 
Furn. 
4 o 4 — Apartm ents, Unfurn. 
4 o 6 — Houses, D uplexes— 
Furnished 
4 o 8 — Houses, D u plexes— 
Unfurnished 
4 1 o — Houses, Rent or Sell 
41 2 — Rooms, Furnished 
4 1 4 — Rooms, Unfurnished 
4 1 6 — Rooms w ith Board 
41 8 — W a n t to Rent or 
Lease 

BUSINESS 
! £ 
OPPORTUNITIES 

9 1 o — Appliances 
9 1 2 — Flea M arkets 
9 1 4 — Antiques 
9 1 6 — Arts, Crafts, Im ports 
9 1 8 — Coins & Jew elry 
9 2 o — C a m e ra— Photo 
Equip. 
9 2 2 — Musical Instrum ents 
9 2 4 — Nurseries, G arden 
9 2 6 — M achinery— Tools 
9 2 8 — M erchandise M a rt 
9 2 9 — G arag e Sales 
9 3 o — M erchandise W a n te d 
9 3 2 — Auction Sale 
9 3 4 — Business Directory 

11)8 lOSTMIB(BUND 

I L o s t: 
G e rm a n w ire h a ire d j Pointer, brown white 
R eward! 
I 344-1o6o_________________________ 
I L o st in Blossom H ills a re a . % 
; grown femole cat, gray with white face and paws. Recent operation 
I H air on stomach recently shoved. i 4945148 or 226-9279______________ 
I LOST 
Iris h S etter, o p p 4 yrs. 
Southcross-Pleosanton Rd area. 
REW ARD! 923-8262 pHot/tar's 

ANNOUNCEMENTS 

5o1 — Business 
O pportunities 
5 o 2 — Business O ppor- 
* tunities W an ted 
5 o 4 — M oney to Lend 
5 o 6 — Financial— In vest­ m ents 
5 o 8 — O il Propostions 
5 1 o — M oney W onted 
51 2 — Instructions 
5 1 4 — Instructions W a n te d 

DO G S — PITS 

9 3 6 — D o g s -C o ti-B ird s -P e ts 
9 3 8 — P o u ltry -R a b b its -B e e * 

LIVESTOCK 
M e 

LOST: 6 mos, fem ale '? D o ber­ man, ’ > Hound. No ta il. V icin ity 
S ta rc re s t NE L o o p 41o 
C a ll 
341-4855 or see Don o f 2219 NE 
LOOP 41o PLEASE!______________ 
LOST: NE Son A n tonio, Basset 
Hound, male, REW ARD* 828 8788 
LOST poodle, female, med size, 
Bellaire area. 923-4746 
LOST: Siamese cat, It y r old IOO b lk G re e r M is s in g sin ce 4-3o. 
REW ARD* 534-4752 534 2542 

1 o6 — Personals 
1 o 7 — Business Personal. 
1 o8 — Lost and Found 
I IO — Special Notices 
1 12 — Professional Notices 
I I 4 — E n te rta in m e n t l l 8 — Lodge Notices 
IS O — Bids & Proposals 
122— Official Publications 
124— Legal Notices 

9 4 o — Livestock-Feed- 
Seeds 
941 — Produce 

9 4 2 — Form Equipment and Supplies 

LOST: Sm all B lock, brow n and white Dog named "C a rlo ". Blind in one eve. 
Call 
927-3184, 
REWARD 

FLOWERS 

A ID A CREATIONS flo w e rs & G ifts fo r M oth er 

46oo BLANCO 
344-7o14 

• • l f 

REAL ESTATE 

JO I — R eal Estate Notices 
2 o 2 — O pen Houses 
2.o4— P rop erty O ut of 
Town 
2 o 6 — Condom iniums— 
Townhouses 
2 o 8 — A p artm ents, 
Duplexes 
2 1 o — Houses— N ortheast 
21 2 — Houses— N o rthw est 
2 1 4 — Houses— Southeast 
2 1 6 — Houses— Southwest 
2 1 8 — Houses M o ved and 
W recked 
2 2 o — Houses fo r Trode 
2 2 4 — Houses, Sole or 
Rent 
2 2 6 — Suburban 
P ro p erty— Acreage 
2 2 8 — Resort Properties 
2 3 o — Lots 
231 — Investm ent 
P rop erty 
2 3 2 — Farms and Ranches 
2 3 4 — Farms and Ranches fo r Rent 
2 3 6 — Com m ercial 
P ro p e rty — Sale 
2 3 8 — Com m ercial 
P ro p erty (Lease) 
2 4 o — Com m ercial 
P ro p erty (W a n te d ) 
2 4 2 — Industrial P rop erty fo r Sale 
2 4 4 — Industrial P rop erty fo r Lease 
2 4 6 — Industrial P roperty 
W an ted 
2 4 8 — O ffice Space for 
Lease 
2SO— O ffice Space 
W an ted 
2 5 2 — R eal Estate Sell or 
Exchange 
2 5 4 — Real Estate W an ted 
2 5 6 — Reol Estate 
Loons— Notes 
2 3 8 — Real Estate Loans 
W a n te d 

I MPLO V M f NT 

— Professional 
— Sales 
-T e c h n ic a l 
— Resumes 
— A d m inistrative— 
Financial 
— Secretarial 
'— O ffice & Clerical 
I— M edical 
— Skills-Trodes i— Food-Drink Services 
— P art Time 
I— Help W anted 
Miscellaneous 
— Domestic 
.— Situations W an ted 

To Find Classified Death 
Notices Pleose See 
F ro n t Page index 
1o1 — Deaths 
1o3— Cord o f Thanks 
M e m o ria l* 
1 o 3 — Florists— Flowers 
1 o 4 — Funeral Directors 
1o5— C e m etery— Burial lo ts _______________ 

I REW ARD! Black-brown German 
; Shepherd p u p , 4’ ?mo 
B ionco- 
I Woodlawn area Named 'Sammy*. 
I Brown collar, ID tags. 734-9341 
435-6486_________________________ 
SSO Reward Lg female G erm an 
Shepherd, I yr, 85 lbs. S ilver-Blk, white faced. Guadalupe St. Over- j pass Areo No questions asked. 
: Prossei Const. 236-6711__________ 
REW ARD 55o Lost in Castle Hills 
1 A reo, m ole Scotty lo oking Dog 
> Longhaired, long ta il, blk-tan 35 
! lbs 
Name: 
Sanford. 
341-382o; 
828-o733. 

A & R FLORAL DESIGNS 
CITY WIDE DELIVERY 

115 GOLIAD RD. 
532-7847 

Open Sun. 
Credit Cords accepted 

CAUTHORNS 
, 
FLOWERS & GIFTS 

2o21 SAN PEDRO 
736-4411 

1o6 -PERSONALS 

REW ARD, N orw egian Elkhound pup py re se m b le G e rm o n She­ pherd with curly ta il 656-2116 or 
653-5861 Lost in The Glen Area. 

HAUSER FLORAL CO. 
Service & D evotion you can tru s t" 

1722 E. COMMERCE 
227-6271 

D A TES G A L O R E ' M eet L o ca l singles 
Coll Dateline toll free 
8oo 451-3245 
11o SPECIAL NOTICES 

AUTOMOTIVE 

TE —J 
7o1 — Antiques-Collectors 
7 o 2 -7 2 6 — Sports, Foreign 

7 3 o -7 4 3 — Cars— For Sale or Trade 
7 4 4 — Custom iied Cars— 
Speed-Racing Equip. 
7 4 6 — Trucks & Com m ercial 
Trailers— Buses 
7 4 8 — M otorcycles— 
Scooters 
7 5 o — W anted-A utos, 
Trucks, Trailers, 
Motorcycles 
7 5 2 — G eneral Auto 
Repair 
7 5 4 — Tires— Parts— 
Accessories 
7 5 6 — Auto, 
Financing— Loans 
7 5 8 — A ircraft 
Services— Supplies 

FOR HELP with an unwed pre g ­ nancy, call Edna Gladney Home, 
Ft Worth, TX 1-8oo-792 11o4 
R o o m m a te needed to s h a re 
, apartm ent? 344-1516 

1o7-BUSINESS PERSONALS 
A NEW MASSAGE LOCATION 
: outside city, open 7 days 'til 2om. 
Prof. masseuses 1223o IH35 N. between O’Conner A Judson Rds 
I FO XY LA D Y E sco rt ond Photo 
Studio. 349-8971, 12 to 12. 

FREE 
WATERBEDS 
EXOTIC 

• ECBE A TIO N A L 

 l f 
R E N TA LS 

3 o 2 — M o b ile Homes for 
R e n t 
....------------ 

8o1 — Cam pers— Trailers 
8 o 2 — M o to r Homes 
8 o 4 — Boats, M otors 
8 o 6 — Sporting Goods 
8 o 8 — Hunting & Fishing _ 

MOBILE HOMES e m 

S IO — M obile Hom e Sale 
811 — M obile Home 
Repairs— Insurance 
8 1 2 — M obile Hom e Parks 

MERCHANDISE 

9o1 — Business Equipment 
9 o 3 — Building M ate rials 
9 o 5 — Portable Buildings 
9 o 7 — Furniture 
9 o 9 — P aw n Brokers 

MASSAGES 
1 Given bv the Foxiest G irls in San 
; Antonio Best place to Relax and unwind. "Feel Better Fast” . Out- 
I side City Lim its. Open IO: 3o am to 
4am Big Discounts! N orth Side 
PARIS 
RUBS, 
492 2994 
ESCORTS______________________ 
M ASSAGES BY P E A N U T ’. Bv appt, 9om-5pm. 2617 No. Main. 
736-o4)1_________________________ 
P E D D L E R S S pecial M assages 
1o:3o AM o 5 PM. 492-2994_______ 
1 ? P rice Rubbs 7 pm lo 4 om at 
PARIS RUBB 492-2994 

HAWAIIAN 
FLOWER SHOP 
D istinctive flow ers for everyone s m other. 
1923 BROADWAY 
223-8224 
OPEN SUNDAY 8-1 P.M. 

HENRY’S FLOWER SHOP 
IID & EXCLUSIVE DESIGNS 
211o BROADWAY 
226-6343 

LEALS FLOWER SHOP free Delivery, flowers For All 
Ozcasions 
TIU HER YOU U M HER 
732-o21o, 1712 Blanco Rd. 
Open Sunday 9-4 

THE FLOWER BASKET 
Floral Gifts of love for Mother 
6932 S.W. M ilitary 
674-8953 

THE 
FLOWER BOX 
Flow ers-G ifts for all Occasions 
FREE CITYWIDE 
DELIVERY 
1 o 7 
N O R T H P A R K B L V D . 
2 2 3 - 4 7 7 2 

PLANTS PLUS 
3253'/? HARRY WURZBACH 
(Corner W urzboch & 
Eisenhower) 
8 2 8 - 7 7 8 5 
'* 4 

DATING SERVICE 

1o8- LOST AND FOUND 

 i Found: black ond brown female i Lob Old, loveable. 735-1157 
Found: C ocker Spaniel fem ale. 
Buff, recently had puppies Cal- 
! laotian, Loop 41o Area 435-7693. 
FOUND: Femole Blk Dachshund w ith brow n m a rkin g s on Vance 
I Jackson. 684-7242 
FOUND: St. B ernard N orthside 
Area. 494-5186. 
LOST: Female Spayed Seaipoint 
Siamese w ith aquo and rhinestone collar In Summit Oaks Area Call 
I K irb y 698-2o59 
_____________ 

BLOOD 
TDONATIONS? 

BLOOD - PLASMA 
SERVICiS OF 
SAN ANTONIO 
NOW 
OPEN 
ACROSS FROM 
MUNICIPAL AUDITORIUM 
AT 
112 AUDITORIUM CIR. 
Mon.-Fri. 8:oo AJA.-4:oo P.M. 
CLOSED SAT. A SUN. 
$ PAID DONATIONS $ 
V 
ONLY y 

AU DITO RIUM 
A ir co n d itio n e d fo r w e d d in g s , , receptions, dances, etc Holds up , to 45o p e o p le . G re a te r S A 
Builder Assoc. 8925 N.W 
IH-1o. 
696-38oo________________________ 
Almost Free Transportation 
For Details Coll, 224-2221 

FOR RENT 
H o urly or da ily A u d ito riu m and 
P arty room beautiful N orth Side 
Location, greot for m usic, clubs, | p a rtie s , w e d d in g re c e p tio n s . 1 m e e tin g s of a ll k in d s . C a ll 
344-4539 N e or N o rth S tar and 
Central Park Moll.______________ 
HAPPY 
M OTHER S 
DAY to 
Mother 
From Sisters 
Angie, Sylvia and Alice 
Best Friends B irdie and M argaret 
INTE RN A TIO N AL ESCORT AND 
TOUR AGENCY! For fascinating tours of Son Antonio, by day or by night, In te rn a tio n a l E sco rt and 
Tour Service is the answer. For in dividual or group tours, In te r­ national can show you the best spots in town. 349-4861___________ 

EARN $$$ 
WEEKLY 

Blood Plasma Donors 
Mon. Sat. 8 am -4:3o 

Plasma Derivatives 
3o2 S. Flores 
‘ 
224 1749 

1 2 o -BIDS 8 PROPOSALS 
12o BIDS & PROPOSALS 

HALS FLOWER SHOP 
Free D elivery, Flowers For All 
Occasions 
TE LL HER YOU LOVE HER 
732-o21o, 1712 Blanco Rd 
________Open Sunday 9-4________ 
Top cosh paid for your old new­ spapers and corrugated. BIS Ce- ralvo AABCO PAPER STOCK 

112 PROFESSIONAL NOTICE 

The estate of the late D r. J M 
Blackburn is pleased to announce th o t D r G a ry L D ru rv has as­ sumed the general dental practice of the late Dr. Blackburn. Suite D, 
666 SW M ilita ry D r O ffice hrs. 
9om-Spm M onday-Friday. Phone 
922-54o1 

114 ENTERTAINMENT GUIDE 

Charter your own flig h t! Business trips, fishing trips, you nome it, we ll fly it! 1-866 3471 
_ 

SATURDAY TOURS 

LA LA S BOUTIQUE 
Spring ond Summer Sale 
Valley Park Shopping Center 
E v e rt Rd. and w urzboch 

ESCORTED 
AIR CONDITIO NED 
MOTOR COACH 
Leave S A. 8 3oam 
Return 6pm 
SIO PER PERSON 
Tour No. I Austin 
Tour No. 2 LBJ Ranch 
For reservations call 
828-9123 
681-22o5 

INVITATION FOR BIDS 

The Son Antonio Development Agenty will receive Bids for Site Improvements in the Colonio Santo Cruz I Project until 2 OO P M , (Central Stnndord Time) on the 19th doy of May, 1977, at 418 South Santo Rosa Street, Son Antonio, Texas 
782o7 of which time ond place all Bids will be publicly opened and read aloud 

8ids are invited upon the severol items ond quantifies of work os follows 

Item 1o1- lum p Sum Clearing ond Grubbing 

 lum p Sum Removing Deod Trees ond Brush 

Item6o6 - 
414 CY Embankment 

Contract Documents, including Drawings and technical Specifications, ore on file of the office of San Antonio Development Agency, 418 S. Santo Rosa, 782o7 

Copies of the Contract Documents may be obtained by depositing SSO OO with the Son Antonio Development Agency tor each set of documents so obtained 
Each such deposit will be refunded if the Drowmgs and Contract Documents are returned in good condition within IO doys ofter Bid opening 

A certified check or bonk draft, payable to the order of Son Antonio Develop ment Agency negotiable U S. Government bonds (at pot value), or a satisfactory 
Bid Bond executed by the Bidder ond on acceptable surety, in an amount equal to five percent (S%) of the total of Bid for Site Preparation shall be submitted with each bid 

Attention is colled to the fact thot not less than the minimum salaries ond wages os set forth in the Contract Documents must be pouf on this project, and thot the Contractor must ensure that employees ond applicants for employment ore not disseminated against because of their rote, color, religion, sex, or notional origin 

The Son Antonio Development Agency reserves the right to reject ony or oil 
Bids or to waive any information in the bidding 

8ids may be held by the Son Antonio Development Aliency foe o period not to exceed thuty (3o) days from the dote of the opening of Bids for the purpose of reviewing the 8ids ond investigating the qualifications of Bidders, prior to owordmg of the Contract 

SAN ANTONIO DEVELOPMENT AGENCY 

BY: le on a rd f. Diaz 

TITH: 
Project C oordinator 

DATE; M ay 5, 1977 

I 
Mr. & M r* 
Cleveland A 
. 
^ F lo w e r* and Troy proudly ? 
♦ announce the a rriva l o f J 
♦ their b ab y G IR I 
T iffany J 
♦ P o ynette, 
7 lbs. 
4 ox 
J I 
♦ born April 15, 1 9 7 7 
* 

♦ 
I I 
J^Mr 
& 
M r*. 
Fred 
Mc- ▼ j+O ellan proudly announce ♦ I 
^ th e birth of their baby ♦ I 
'^ B O Y 
Frederick 
Blake, 
7 ♦ ! jAlb. 
IO oz , bom M ay 2 , ♦ I 
J 1 9 7 7 , at 7 :5 3 AM at NE ♦ j 
^B aptist Hospital 
♦ 

♦ 
* ' 
_ M r 
A, M r * 
W illie P atino ♦ ) 
^ p ro u d ly announce the ar 
T riv o l o f their baby BOY- 
' 
^ D a n ie l M anuel, 8 lbs 
I ^ 
? o z born A p ril 2 2, 1 9 7 7 

♦ M r 
♦v 
& 
M r * 
Lorenzo ^ 
’•'V argas proudly announce jl. 1 
♦♦he a rn vo l o f their baby ± 
♦ G IR I 
Vanessa Louie, 
7 J 
♦ lb s 
6 oz born A p ril 7, _ 
♦ 1 97 7. 
J 

Br'k 'k 'k it I t 

THC ACTIO N NUMBER 
TOR EAST RESULTS 
P IA C I YOUR W A N T AO 
IN THE EXPRESS NEW S 
C A II 27S 1 6 6 o 

EOR THE I ASTE ST RESULTS 
O N A W A N T AO 
THE NUMBER TO C A H 
IS 2 2 S -1 6 6 6 
EXPRESS ANO NEW S 

118 LODGE NDT1CES 

ALBER T P IKE LODGE No D id , a f & AM, Scottish R ite Tem ple, 
Ave E ond 4th St*. Called Comm 
Monday, M ay 9, 1977 at 8 P.M. 
Scottish Rite Cathedral for the 8th 
W B Jack Ball Lecture. Speaker w ill be the illu s trio u s G eorge 
Newbury, Past Sovereign G rand 
Com m ander of N o rth e rn J u ris ­ diction of the Ancient and Accept­ ed S cottish R ite A ll m e m b e rs urged to attend Visitors welcome. 
E. E, "B u s te r" W illiam s; W M .; 
Philip Greenberg, Sec.___________ i 

124 LEGAL NOTICES 

I w ill not be responsible for ony debts incurred other than m yself 
JOSEPH W COLLINS___________ 
Pursuant to Section 61o4(d) of the 
Internal Revenue Code of 1954, as amended, notice is hereby given that the 1976 annuol report of the 
L a ch m a n -R o se F o u n d a tio n is available for public inspection at 
18oo N E. Loop 41o, Plosa West 
Suite 3oo. San A n tonio, Texas. 
Monday through F rid a y d u rin g the hours of9 OO A M . to 5 oo P M by ony citizen on reauest made within ISO days from the date of 
Publication hereof 
B a rry H Edelman 
_______Substitute Trustee 

 to e EAST Bi s u i is 
PEACE TOUR W A N T AO 
IN THE EXPRESS NEW S 
C A H 2 2 5 -1 6 6 6 

NOTICE TO BIDDERS 

Sealed bidi, in duplicate, on the ongi nal fo/itn, naned by an O ffitei of the 
Company, will be received by the City 
Secretory of the City of Houston, Texas in Room 2o3, City Hall until 8 3o A M , 
Wednesday, June I, 197/ ond all bids will be opened ond publicly read rn the 
City Council Chamber at 9 oo AM on that date for the construction of a sanitary sewer force main and all related appurtenances, os follows 
Al Mf DA TRUNK SANITARY SIWfR 
DIVISION OF THI SOUTHWfST 
PUMP STATION 
AND 48 INCH fORCf MAIN 
Wastewater Division Job No 3378 2 
WPC lex 1o6o 

(Approximately 5,17o ft of 48' con crete lined cylinder pipe, steel pipe and ductile iron pipe force main ond appurtenances, including revision tu 
Southwest Pump Station) 

Plans, specifications and necessary in formation may be obtained from the 
Wastewater Division, City of Houston, 
Room P 1o3, City Hoil Annex 

No provisions have been mode for mailing plans and specifications to prospective bidders 
Therefore no plans and specifications will be mailed to prospective bidders ac other inter ested parties 

A deposit of 51oooo (by check or money order made payable to 
Wostewater Division, City of Hous ton") will be required for each set of plans ond specifications fvery con tractor who submits a valid bid to the 
City Secretory and returns to Room P 
1o3 City Hall Annex the plans and spe nficotions for this job not later than 
IS doys from bid date, will be refund­ ed his SIDO OO deposit 

Bidders Bond, signed by both th# 
Surety and the Bidder, Certified Check or Cashier s Check in an amount equal lo ten percent (1o%) of the total bid must accompany each proposal 

Any contract or contracts awarded un der this Invitation for Bids ore expect ed to be funded in part by o grant from the United Stoles environmental 
Protection Agency Neither the United 
States nor ony of its departments, agencies, or employees is or will be o party to this Invitation for Bids or any resulting contract 
This procurement will be subject to regulations contom ed rn 4o CFR 3S 936, 35 938, ond3S.939 
EoUAI OeeoetUNITY IN IMELOYMINl 

BIDDERS ON THIS WORK W ill Bl RC 
QUIRED TO COMPLY WITH THE PRESI 
DINTS EXECUTIVE ORDER NOS 11246 
AND I137S 
THE REQUIREMENTS EQR 
BIDDERS 
AND 
CONTRACTORS 
UNDER 
THIS ORDER ARE EXPLAINED IN THI 
SPECIFICATIONS 

The City moy waive ony informalities or minor defects or re |td ony or all bids. Award will be made to the lowest responsive, responsible Bidder 
Dote: A pril 27, 1977 
ANNA RUSSELL 
City Secretary 

Sooted b id propositi* w ill br- reso lved by the 
B oard of 
Trustee* e t t i l l 
N o rth to ** 
In 
| d e p e n d e n t School District to r tho fo llo w in g ite m * a t th e tim e * shown: 
BAND IN STR U M EN T* (M A D IS O N ). 
2 :o o p .m ., W e d n e s d a y M o y T I , 
1 9 7 7 
CO M PETITIO N 
JUOOtS 
STAND 
3 :o o p .m ., W e d n e s d a y , M a y I t , 
1 o 7 7 
PROJECTION LAMPS - 2iOO p .rn 
Thursday, M a y 12, 1 9 7 7 
MICROSCOPES 
- 
3 :o o p m , 
Thursday. M a y 12, 1 9 7 7 
A U O IO VISUAL SUPPLIES • 
2 :o o p m ., Tuesday M a y IT . 1 9 7 7 
TAPE 
C AH IM IO O ! 
- 
3 :o o p .m ., 
Tuesday, M a y 17, 1 9 7 7 

Bid form s m oy be p ic k e d up prior to bid oponm g in th e o ffic e of the 
D irecto r a t 
Purchasing, 
N I I S O., 
1 o 3 3 3 3 
B ro o d w a y , 
San A n to n io , Texas. 

124 LEGAL NOMS 

Notice of the Names of P ersoni 
A ppearing os the ow ners of Un­ counted Am ounts Held By: 
San Antonio Bank & Trust 
P.O. Box 1228 

San Antonio, Texas 78294 
This notice is given aud published pursuant to Section 3, Article 3272b 
Revised Civil Slntuei al the State of 
Texoi, in on effort to locate persons who ore the depositor or owners o ft amounts iii accounts thot hove reinomed inactive ai dormant ut cording to the provisions of Article 
3272b for more than seven (7) yeors, 
The unclaimed amounts due the depositors or owners listed herein w ill, he paid upon proof of ownership at the office of the named depositor within nine (9) months and if un­ claimed thereafter they may be sub­ le t to report to and conservation hy the Stote Treasurer in accordance with , said Article 3277b 
Bam. Willard S, lr Unknown 
Bellinger. Valrno, Unknown fiellinaer. Valino, Unknown 
Sums, Hugh and lane) Burns, Unknown 
City Public Service Board, Unknown fahmng, Mis fred 
Unknown first Not Bank, Et Myers, El, Credit Ac count of lames $ Miller, Unknown 
Estole of I H Hnthowoy, Deed, Mrs 
Dorothy H Little page exe, Unknown 
Est of Mrs 
George I Irvm, 
Deed 

\ 

124 LEGAL NOTICES 

Pursuant to Section 61o4(d) ot in# internal Revenue Code of 1954, a* amended, notice is hereby giver that the 1976 annual report ((m al report) of the Superman Foundo tion is available tor public mspec tion at 18oo N E Loop 41o, Piozo 
West, Suite 3oo, Son Antono, Tex os, Monday through F rido y dor mg the hours of 9 OO A M to 5 OO 
P M by ony citize n on request made w ith in 18o days from the dote of publication hereot. 
B a rry H. Edelman 
D irector 
___ 

Unknown 
Kohunonui, Velben, Unknown 
Kekohuna, lohn, Unknown llano I S D , To* Assi 
Coll, Unknown llano I SO. fox Collector, Unknown lowrey, Mrs fred U , Unknown 
Mory Hordin Boylor College Unknown 
McOonold, lean Holmes, Unknown 
McDonald Mrs leon Holmes,Unknown 
Ort Kathleen f love, Unknown 
P'lmouna loseph N I i, Unknown 
Ftrmouno, loseph N lr Unknown 
Ptimouno. loseph N ill. Unknown 

Some 
Veronna Annette, 
1656 

Womwuqhi 
Drive Reston, 
Virginia 

22o7o 

Sum, 
Veiiion lr 1656 Wainwright 

 liny* Reston Virginia 27o7o 

Sheiflm 
M<s lube Buras, Unknown 

 lo« 
( olledot Zapata 
County, 

Unknown 

 ie*o: Southern University, Unknown 
The Clip Inuit Unknown 

Turney, M-< William o , Unknown 

Wilson Helen O M n Uoknnwn 

 r 6 6 r a s t R is o n * 
Ut AC I * OUR W A N I AO 
IN EMI I SURIS!* NEW S 

Pa 

I 

< 

I 
In ­ in 

 v o l 

 a ( 

 n a 

 n e ’ 

’ c l i 

 m i 

 b a 

 p r 

 c a l 

 b u 
Ho nit 

 a r 

 h o 
$3f 

I 

 s a 
75 

 t e i 

 a tt 

 a n 

 t ic 

 a d 

 t r c 

 t o en 

 h o 

 c o 

 s p 

 c o 

 o f 

 l e i 

 ro t wi 

In t 

 t u ex 

 se ; 

 ex 

 re ! 

I n j 

 s h 

 d e col 

 i 

 a n 

 u t 

 a i l 

 tvv 

 u t fir 

 p i t 

 d r . 

 e a 

 in | 

 w a 

 u i 

 a w 

T h 

T h 

 po . 
I 

| a n 

 re . 

I re< 

: t e i i hi) 

IPoge 1o-D_________ 
Son Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday Moy 8 1 977 

2o1 HEHUSWTf NOTICES 
2o1 !!»(ESHTMHITICrS 
2o) BEM. ESTHt MUCK 
2o1 IBI ISHII 

[tnt HBUSCS DPM 

Buying or Selling? 

' w r n m n h 

Know Your REALTOR 

Doing much more than helping you buy and sell real estate ... your 
Realtor is your voice in m any forums ... speaking out in behalf of pro- perty owners, always with your best interests in mind. O n matters of land usage planning, taxation, industrial expansion, maintaining pro­ perty values, urban improvements and government relations, your 
Realtor is your spokesman. Always as close as your telephone, he is waiting to discuss real estate matters with you at any time. 

See one of these professionals for all your real estate transactions. 

(This is a partial list o f REACTO RS "in a n d a r o u n d " San A ntonio 

EDYTHE B. COOPCR, REALTOR 
14? W Rhapsody 
3413176,341 186/ 

CORNELIUS & ASSOCIATES 
441? (hillman 
828 6343 

BOB MCGINNIS REALTORS 
S?5o I redemksburg (Cd 
349 UTI 

 martinez Realtors 
6S39 Bandera 
684 o7S3 

NELSON CORY, REALTORS 
31o Wevt Sumet Rood 
874 46/1 

DALCO REAL ESTATE 
91? Oblate 
8?4 69oo 

MONTE VISTA REALTY 
1481 Himothe 
736 o486 

FAMILY REALTY 
3o?6 Hillcrest 
73? 8111 

BILLY FELLOWS & ASSOCS. 
1o776 Ironside 
69o 927o 

MORTON SOUTHWEST REALTY 
H6I2 Perrin Bzitel 
666 6848 

NAYLOR REALTY 
“The G attery 
O f H o m e s " 
996? Wurzbarh 
6911171 
6439 Noire Rd 
666 657o 

STRAUDER NELSON REALTY 
Olmos at McCullough 
828 6671 

NORTH LOOP, INC., REALTORS 
748 8 Rittimon Rd 
878 6636 

DEANIE OWENS CO. REALTORS 
Austin Hwy Oh 
874 739' 

DEANIE OWENS CO., REALTORS 
61 OFFICE 
532 6745 

DEANIE OWENS CO., REALTORS 
6W Office 
675 785o 

DEANIE OWENS CO., REALTORS 
5o Central Ole 
924-7311 

POGUE & POGUE, INC. 
151o Broadway 
822 1154 

GROUP 

DEANIE OWENS CO., REALTORS 
Bandera Rd Ole 
684 433o 

DEANIE OWENS CO., REALTORS 
Blanco Rd Ole 
349 4343 

DEANIE OWENS CO., REALTORS 
Jelferson Ole 
736 4426 

DEANIE OWENS CO., REALTORS lorkhill 5elmo Oft 
349 3535 

THELMA B. PREISSMAN 
75o4 Nacogdoches 
826 7347 

REQUA REALTY CO 
51o8 Broadway 
874 46o7 

PROFESSIONAL REALTY 
9ooo Wurzboch Suite 2o? 
696 533o 

RED CARPET, REALTORS 

21o1 lockhill Selmer 
342 3111 
RED CARPET, REALTORS 
81o7 Roughrider Wolzem 
653 636j4 
RED CARPET, REALTORS 

777 Babcock at Callaghan 
341 4484 

RED CARPET, REALTORS 

•2515 Nacogdoches Rd Suite A 
878 8195 

DIXIE ROSE, REALTOR 
5629 Broadway 
824 7334, Anytime 

The K ey G ro u p salutes the San A ntonio B o a rd of 
Realtors and joins in celebrating PRIVATE P R O ­ 
PERTY WEEK, M a y 8 thru 14. 

Sterling Burke.................... 8 2 4 -6 3 5 1 
Pete Cantu (N o rth )............ 736-4296 
Pete Cantu (S o u th )............ 532-75oo 
Clara Belle to th e r.............. 344-o225 
Virginia Cervenka.............. 655-5131 
Gase-Baker......................... 69o-8 99o 
Hodsdon & A ssociates......... 674-3552 
Don Johnson (Northwest) . . 344-3o78 
Don Johnson (Loop 41o) . . 
82. -o241 
Don Johnson (North Central) . . 
494-771 I 
Don Johnson (Northeast). . 
656-3441 
Bob Jones (N orth).............. 344-2341 
Bob Jones (South).............. 533-7163 
Randolph R e a lty ................ 658-53o1 
Dale R iley........................... 494-3541 
Sue W eem s & Associates.... 826-o6o6 
Your Key to the City of 
San Antonio 
Sr WRUNG burke'' W gase-baker 
R EA L T O R S 
---------- 
824-635I 
REALTOR 
6 9 o -8 9 9 o 

SAN ANTONIO REAL ESTATE 
3731 WestJ v e 
349 6531 

SANDISON REALTY 
3671 (Ink Gote 
699 92o1 

SEITZ 4 ASSOCIATES, REALTORS 
See Seitr loc Homesite)" 
874 2385. 

COY J. SIMMONS 
123 I Wright Blvd 
Universal City 
1658 6,731 

SNECKNER & ASSOCIATES 
7724 Blanco 
342-5214 

TERRILL REALTY 
5748 Wuccbach 
684-6444 

THE HOME MART, INC. 
715o Austin Hwy 
65S-T2o1 

BARBARA ZOLLER, REALTOR 
684 4747 
681 1492 

 fXCEUENT FOR THE GROWING fAMIlY 

 tacge 4 bedroom home within 

 walking distance of mall and 

 elementary school, reosonable, 

 priced in perfect for the growing 

 family 

CASTIE HIUS 

Don't bother unless you want lots 

 of room! Ifs bigger than it looks 

Already has everything for versa­ 

 tile living. Not inexpensive 

BUY ME 

I rn all brick, 3-2 I on corner lot 

Coipeted, draped and al! ap 

 pliances lee 
High 
School for 

SS,9oo equity 

NEW HOME INFORMATION 

AND COUNSELING CENTER! 

Example 3-2 2, with carpets and 

 fireplaces under $35,ooo Where, 

 ask us? 

PETE CANTU 
R E A L T O R 
Northside 736-4296 
Southside 532-75oo 

R A N D O LPH REALTY 
R E A L T O R 
6 5 8 -5 3 o 1 

 rn 

PERFECT FOR MOM 

The perfect gift lovely kitchen, 

 built-in 
China 
Closet, central 

 vacuum cleaner, swimming pool, 

 high on a hill, let us show her, 

 she ll love it. 

HOME AND BUSINESS 

 large roomy home on J Com­ 

 mercial corner lot Great for any 

 type of home business 
Only. 

$19,5oo See it now 

NEAR LACKLAND - Nice 2 bedroom home, with $15o mo pmts. 7 % 
VA Cenlrol heat-air, all appliances. 
SI 9,5oo 

SCHERTZ 3-2-2, cenlrol heot-orr, lots of carpet, mony extros! Hear schools 
See to oppreciote. low 
3o s. 

NEAR RANDo1PH ■ Assume low mo. pmts. of $131 af y/» interest, or new loan at $25,ooo Nice 3 bed room home near schools and shop ping 
New range and disposal. 
Savoiloble I June 

5 ACRES on Stagecoach Rd, with 3 bedroom mobile home Priced to sell at $31,ooo 

F ^ D O N JOHNSON C O . ^ 
NORTHWEST 
344-3o78. 
NORTH CENTRAl... 494-7711 
1ooP 4 1 o ............ 828-8241 
NORTHEAST 
. 656-344! 

 febw . 
W W ON MARKET 
^ 

GREAT LOCATION 

A nice recently painted 3-2-1, in dudes drapes, refrigerator, eentrol heat and otr, and other extros 
$29,ooo 
828 8241, nrtes 
656 
8464 

DELIGHTFULLY SPACIOUS 

4 Bedroom, 2 ? both home on Vt 
Acre 2 living areas, formal dining, lo-ge moster suite with lovely decorotor both 
Prestige oreo. 
$7o,9oo 
494-7711, nites 
655 
7383 

Hilt COUNTRY ESTATES 

This elegant country residence has 

3 bedrooms, 3’ baths, double fireplace, servants quarters, stables with 5 stalls, feed, lack and horse wash room On 5 oak stud­ ded ones, with on abundance of fruit trees. Too mony extras lo list. 
$135,ooo 
494 7711, nites 
494 
2116 

COUNTRY-SIDE SAN PEDRO 

Exciting 4-3'/?-2, with enormous 2 story family room. Second den upstairs, wet bar, lighted china cabinet $96,9oo 344 3o78, mles 
497 2545. 

NORTHWEST SPECIAL 

This 
3-2-2, single living area home, is located on o beautiful wooded lot Country kitchen, split bedroom arrangement 
Close lo 
UTSA and Medical Center. $39,9oo 
344 4o78, nites 341 2366. 

CASTIE HIUS 

Beautiful park-like lot in Castle 
Hills, residential zoning, ap­ proximately 
9ox13ox16ox17o 
$25,ooo 
344-3o78, nites 
696- 
o866 

EXCEPTIONALLY NICE 

Beautiful 3-2-2, on cul-de-sac. Hos large lot, electric door opener, covered patio, turbo vents, and much more! S3I.5oo 
656 3441, nites 656-8178 

IEE HIGH 

Immaculate 3-1-1, near schools and malls. Fresh paint, parquet floors, beautiful lot with gas BSQ on covered patio Outstanding buy at $72,95o. 656 3441, nites 655 
6426. 

OAK HIUS 

Exceptionally dean and spacious is this well built 3 bedroom home In a prestigious area with numerous pleasing features you will find it well priced at $57,9oo 828-8241, nites.655 2437 

^CLARA BELLE C A T H E ? ^ 
REALTOR 
^ 
344-o225 
^ 

CONVENIENT TO RANDOIPH 

Commercial Potential with Country 
Atmosphere, lovely all native rock home on almost on acre • com­ pletely fenced 
2 bedrooms, 2 parkling baths, den with fireplace are very inviting enclosed sun­ room Extra large kitchen. Perfect 
♦or retired military. Just $62,5oo 
344-8462. 

DRASTIC REDUCTION 

Esquisite custom built Colonmal with 4 bedrooms, 3'/? baths, sep­ arate dining room - 2 fireplaces. 
The very finest appointments thruout. less (hon o year old. 
Perfect for the 
EXECUTIVE who entertains a great deal 
Now 
$98,5oo. 824-6828 

MOBILE HOME 

Nice country living in this delightful, very well carried for 2 bedroom • 2 bath home Poultry house 
■ fruit trees 
- large' workshop 
Owner will finance. 
$22,5oo. 696-5793. 

SUE WEEMS 
ASSOC., REALTORS 
8 2 6 -o 6 o 6 

EXECUTIVE SPECIAL 

4 BEDROOMS 

Large brick colonial in beautiful 
Northwood Estates 3 baths, focmol ond informal dining areas, family room with fireplace ond a beautiful covered patio 
Baker built home in the 8o s 

826-o6o6 
826-6497 

RIDGE VIE W 

FIRST OFFERING 

You don t need 2 cor* in this location. Just a short walk to North 
Star Moll ond Ridgeview Elemen­ tary Make the first step to hefter living in this pretty all brick 3 bedroom, 2 both home, central heat and cir, tile both), and a covered patio. Mid 3o s 

826-o6o6 
826-6272 

CAMELOT ll 

FIRST OFFERING 

Do your entertaining at home with this 
2ox17 gomeroom ond a beautiful swimming pool, huge rovered pntio, 
3 bedrooms, 2 baths, ond den You owe it to yourself to see this one! low 4o s. 

826 o6o6 
826-6497 

ALAMO HEIGHTS SCHOOLS 

Comfortable home in excellent condition, 3 bedrooms, I both, oversized 2 cor goroge, central heat and air, new electric kitchen ond new both, roof 18 months oid. 
Use your VA or FHA, $27,5oo 

826-o6o6 
653-5259 

^ BOB JONES, REALTOR^ 
NORTHSIDE...............344-2341 
SOUTHSIDE...............533-7163 

JUST WHAT YOU 
ARE LOOKING FOR 

First offering, convenient to 
Medical Center ond USAA Split level beauty 3 bedroom, 2VS both, formal living room ond dining room, family room will delight. Call today 
344-2341 

PIPE CREEK 

On Bandero Hwy 3 8 miles from 
Pipe 
Creek 
9 868 acres, 
3 bedroom, country home, ap­ proximately 4So ft highway fron­ tage Owner will consider financing ar sub dividing. 
CHARIES QUIST 
344-2341, 732-175o 

BELLAIRE 

Ideal location, 3 bedrooms, family room, large kitchen, dining area, living room, fenced yard, $16,9oo 
ROBERTA WHITE 
533-7163, 333-8763 
IT S APPRAISED 

FHA-VA 1291 sq ft , wall to wall corpet, 3 bedrooms, den, covered patio, 
McCreless area 
MAXINE 
| HAMMOND 533-7163, 534 767o 
WL 

- A m 

HODSDON & 
REALTORS 
6 7 4 .3 5 5 2 

LARGE 2 STORY 

4 bedrooms, 2'/z bath, double 

 goroge, formal dining room, 

 breakfast nook, huge family room 

 and separate living area, all large 

 bedrooms, lovely area. Priced to 

 sell! 
BUY NO DOWN 

Completely redecorated in mint 

 condition. Older 3 bedroom home. 

Buy NO DOWN with law payments 

 on open terms. Immediate move* 

 in! 
■bm 
Mm 

VIRGINIA CERVENKA 
REALTOR 
^ 
6 5 5 -5 1 3 1 
^ 

WINDCREST 
Beautiful 4 bedroom, 2 Vt both, large den with wet bor and 
I 
Fireplace, central var. Many lux- 
, urious items 
REALLY LIVEABLE 
3 bedroom, I bath, built-in range, large trees, fenced yard. 

124-LEGAL N O M S 
T^4 - LEGAT NOTICES 

CITY OF S A N A N T O N IO 
COMMUNITY DEVEIOPMENT BLOCK GRANT PROGRAM 

THIRD FUNDING YEAR 
Notice of Intent to Request the Release of Funds 
I 
On May 16, 1977, a Request for Release of Funds ond Certifica­ tion will be submitted to HUD by the City of San Antonio. 
2) Such Request and Certification relate to a grant of funds under 
Title I, HCD Act of 1974 if The projects for which these funds will be used ore: 
I 
Colonia Santo Cruz {Housing III) 
2. Kenwood Housing Program 
3. Housing Rehabilitation Revolving loon and Grant fund 
4 MAUC Neighborhood Housing Services (NHS) 
5. Storm Drainage Design and Construction - No-39 Series 
6. Storm Drainage Design and Construction - No-9C- 
Sandmeyer 

7 Storm Drainage Engineering Design No. 61-Series 
8 Desiqn Phase of Drainage Project No. 63-Octavia Street 
9 Design Phase of Drainage Project No 66-A-Pacific Avenue 
1o. Design Phase of Drainage Project No 7o-7oA, South 
Flores 
11. San Pedro Creek Drainage 
12 Somerset Road Drainage Project 
13. Design and Construction of Street, Sidewalk; Curb 
Reconstruction 
14 Kenwood Park Development 
15. San Juan Brady Gardens Park Development 
16 Normoyle Park Development 
17. Rosedale Park Development 
18. Pyron Park Development 
19. Kennedy Park & Softball Complex Development 
2G. Son Fernando Gym Rehabilitation 
21 Carver Community Cultural Center 

22 East Side Recreation Center (YMCA Lease) and Associated 
Park Development 
23 Amphitheater Design 
24. Swimming Pool (lanier Area) 
25. Gilbert Gorzo Swimming Pool 
26. Richard Cuellar Swimming Pool 
27. Heoly-Murphy Recreation Area 
28. Migrant Multi-Service Center Construction 
29 Historical Restoration Revolving Loon Fund 
3o. St. Paul Square Redevelopment 
31. South Fort Sam Houston Neighborhood Project 
32. Transportation Services for the Elderly 
33. Planning Department s 7o1 Grant Supplement 
34. Community Development Department Planning & 
Management Fund 
4) The City of San Antonio has prepared an ERR for these projects which may be exomined at the Community Development 
Department, Bldg. 235 HemisFair Way, during working hours by the public and copies thereof obtained. 
5) City of San Antonio, P.O. Box 9o66, Son Antonio, Texas, is the applicant and Thomas Huebner, City Manager, is the chief ex­ ecutive officer of the applicant. 
6) The City of San Antonio will undertake the projects described above with Block Grant funds from the U.S. Deportment of 
Housing ond Urban Development under Title I of HCD Act of 
1974. The City of San Antonio is certifying to HUD that the City of 
Antonio and Thomas Huebner, in his official capacity as 
City Manager, consent to accept the jurisdiction of the Federal courts if an action is brought to enforce responsibilities in rela­ tion to environmental reviews, decisionmaking, and action,- and that these responsibilities have been satisfied. The legal effect of the Certification is that upon its approval, the City of Son An­ tonio moy use the Block Grant funds, and HUD will have satisfi­ ed its responsibilities under the National Environmental Policy 
Act of 1969. HUD will accept an objection to its approval of the 
Release of funds and acceptance of the Certification only if it is on one of the following bases: (a) that the Certification was not in fact executed by the chief executive officer of the applicant, or (b) that applicant's environmental review record for the pro­ ject indicates omission of a required decision, finding, or step applicable to the project in the environmental review process. 
Objections must be prepared and submitted in accordance with 

 the required procedure (24 CFR Part 58), and may be addressed to HUD at P. O. Box 9163, 41o So. Main, San Antonio, Texas. Ob­ jections to the Release of Funds on bases other than those stat­ ed above will not be considered by HUD. No objection received after M ay 31, 1977 will be considered by HUD. 

Pu b lished M a y 8, T9 77 
G. V. Jackson, Jr. 
C ity Clerk 

124 LEGAL NOTICES 
REAL ESTATE 

NOTICE OF 
NONDISCRIMINATORY 

POLICY 

AS TO STUDENTS 

Blessed 
Hope 
Academy 

 admits students of any 

 race, color, national and 

 ethnic origin to all the 

 rights, privileges, pro­ 

 grams, and activities 

 generally accorded or 

 mode available to stu­ 

 dents at the school. It 

 does not discriminate on 

 the bosis of race, color, 

 national and ethnic 

 origin in administration 

 of its educational pol­ 

 icies, admissions policies, 

 scholarship and loan pro­ 

 grams, and athletic and 

 other school-admin­ 

 istered programs. 

DCE) 
2o2 -HOUSES OPEN 

A so 
Hom a* 
£ 
Hom os 
N orthw est 
N ortheast 
212 
| 
21o 
-< 

3627 MAPLETON 

THE SUMMIT ■ don I miss this cozy 
3-2-2 with Spanish courtyard 

T h e 
1977 
B e x a r C o u n t y 
B o a r d of E q u a liz a t io n w ill c o n v e n e M a y IO, 1977 a t 9 
A M , 5 2 5 S. M a i n f o r t h e 
P u r p o s e of E q u a liz a t io n . 

2o1 BEAL ESTATE NOTICES 

A L L H O U S E S in oil areas. *2oo m ove-in carpet air, a p p lian ce s. 
B L L L R E A L T O R S 222-9495 
I 
A I T F N T I O N G O V T O W N E D I | 
H O M E S tor sole. Dow n paym ent 
*2o and up G R E A T E R V A L U E 
R E A L T Y , 651-6)43_______________ 

Attention! Before you buy or sell ring Bell We buy equities Cash 
B E L L R E A L T O R S 
222-9495 

2o1 - RIAL LSTATL NOTICES 
2o1 - REAL ESTATE NOTICES 

A V A IL A B L E *25o,ooo 
Quick cash for houses or equities. 
We pay closing too! F a st service! 
Any area, condition or size. A sk for Adolph 
A L L S T A T E R E A L T O R S 
433-3295 or 
828-4817 

O P E N H O U SE 2 -5 
8219 ZODIAC 
1oYIMIPA BEAUTIFUL' 3 2 21 in MINT CONDITION fresh 

J paint, carpet thru out, 
I garden kitchen, single living 
I area with fireplace, tercom, beamed ceiling, and I 
I custom drapes, 
SUPERB | landscaping with fruit bear­ ing trees and covered patio 
I Niles 658 1428 
D A Y & NITE 
.6 5 5 -6 8 4 8 m o r t a r ! 
^ s o u t h w e s t r e a l t y . 

2 o 2 -BOOSES OPEN 

To ta k e a d v a n ta ge of the lovely, long light sum m er d a y s upon us, all of our neighborhood offices are open until 8:oo p.m., 7 d a y s a w eek to assist you with your real estate needs. Com e by, w e look forw ard to being of service. 
Gajf CAipmm Ca 
REALTORS 

2o2 HOUSES OPEN 2o2 - NOOSES OPEN 

 living, 
FoRMAI and informol fireplace, built-in*. 

7711 CALLAGHAN RD. 
W 8 o 6 

Choice (oudoniinum overlooking 
MOCKINGBIRD POINT Decorotor 2 story, 3 bedroom, 2 both, with fireplace, living and formal dining 543,5oo 

36o7 PINE BLUFF 

THE SUMMIT • Immaculate 3-2 2, split moster suite, living and dining, family room with glass doors to lovely patio! $43,4oo 

67o3 SPRING GARDEN 

BABCOCK NORTH - I yeor old 3 2- 
2, brick and cedar on corner lot. I living with fireplace, eat in kit­ chen. Immaculate! $35,4oo. 69o 
98o2. 

A f 
AMERICA 

BEFORE YOU SELL 
Le t u* m a k e a C A S H o ffer for your hom e or equity. C all now! 
The 
H om e 
M a rt 
6S5-I2o1 
S S E H 

BEFORE TOU SEIL 
Le t u s m a k e a C A S H o i l e r t o r your hom e or equity. Call now! 
T h e 
H o m e 
M a r t 
655-12o1 
- --• -------- - 
, 
---------- 
B u y R e al Estate cheap subscribe 
" iH p°y 
«•«**"• co**‘ to the 
Foreclosure 
Report, J '• 
P ro m p t and .H j^ e n t .e re 

W HY 
YOUR HOME 
FOR 9o DAYS??? 
Let m e m a k e you a cash ofter. Top d o lla r p a id fo r 
Your h o m e or equ ity an d I 

223-699o 

* C A S H F O R H O U S E S * 
924-4288 Tom G arriso n 696-3615 

8 CASHS 
F O R Y O U R H O M E O R E Q U IT Y 
W E P A Y A L L C L O S IN G C O S T S 
924-4331 
H U G H E S & B R IS C O E 
C ash for your Northside equity 
L a rry Bornebey341-4455, 684-29o9 

 ice. Y o u r M o n e y on Title 
■ « ' Check! B ro k e r an d o tto r- y n e y le a d * p a id l 
- n 
- 
349-6531 
^ 
S . A 
. K 
. E 
. 24 Hours 

S E L L IN G Y O U R O W N H O M E ? ’ 
Need action now ? List it with 
Hart M cC o rm ick Realtor 344-S564 
W anted to buy: Sm o ll equity in 
N orthside home. U nder *3ooo. No agents please. 337-6613 

WE’LL BUY YOUR HOME or lot for cash. Fa st service. W ill trade. 
B O B D e P A O L O 
344-3o91_______________ R E A L T O R 
W H Y P A Y R E N T ? Own your own hom e, no dow n p a y m e n t to a n ­ yone! P aym e n ts less than rent. 
Lloyd M ontgom ery______ 658-18o6 

1x2 L IN E S R E E S E H E N R Y 
1x4 S U E W E E M S & A S S O C heat and air, tile baths, and a covered patio. M id 3o S. 826-o6o6 826-6272 

2o2 HOUSES OPEN 

D R E A M S B IG G E R T H A N 
Y O U R P A Y C H E C K ? ? 
W a n t to e s ta b lis h th a t se c o n d in c o m e ? l f you h a ve 6-8 h o u rs w e e k ly to sp a re , I II sh o w you how. N o telephone interviews. For appointm ent, coll 
656-8719 Between 
Io A M I7 and 2 P M -4 P M 
IM M E D IA T E C A S H 
F o r Y o u r H o m e . W e p a y a ll c lo s in g c o s t s ! W e a ls o to k e trades Call 
494 5571 
635 8474 
532-3252 
Century 21 

W A K E F IE L D R E A L T O R S 
O il A w A W M b ----------- 
TH I N U M B iR TO C A U 
15 225 1666 f X P R I SS A N D N IW 5 

NEW DUPLEXES 
IAX SHELTERS 
Excellent cash flow due to low tax area. R eady for occupancy, list of p ro spective tentants. P ro sp e c ts available. 494-16o) 494-3o12 
Realty 
World 
C o m p o s R e a lt y ________ 
P R O P E R T Y O W N E R S 
We only ch a rge *3oo co m m issio n fo r s e llin g h o m e s C H A R L E S 
W A T T S R E A L E S T A T E 732-2918, 
732-5355, 228-91o4 
_ 
Q U IC K cash for your equity 
W e pay closin g costs 
L a H o m a Properties, Inc. 
349-2679 

A L L B R IC K 3 bedroom r 2 bath 
H O M E B U IL T O N Y O U R LO T 
*16,95o IO U G o rd in a off W Ave 
S P E C IA B U IL D E R S Inc 349 1491 
3 B edroom . 2 B ath, b e au tifu lly rem odeled in side and out. N ew carpe t th roughout, O p en S a t u r ­ d ay IO to 6. Su n d a y I to 6. 4823 
Newcom e, 3 4 1 - 4 5 3 8 . _________ 

NEW EXCLUSIVE AREAS 
• WHISPERING O A K S • COUNTRYSIDE 
• HUNTER’S CREEK 
PRESTIGE HOMES 

• Rolling hills and oak trees 

• In North East or Northside School District 
Recreation areas 
Homes $5o,ooo to SI 2o,ooo 

Patio Golder! ond Estate Homes. Or custom build, and choose decor 

492-1 to* • 494-5249 • 492-2272 

16o B R Y N M A W R 
Open 2 to 5 
J u st liste d in p o p u la r T e r r e ll 
Heights. Com pletely redecorated. 
Beautiful stained floors, new tile and double sink in kitchen, lovely treed lot and ready for im m ediate occupancy 
828-2316, 822-1223, 655-933o 
Dixie Rose, Realtor 
________824-7334, Anytim e________ 

D R E A M H O U S E ! 
83o7 B R O O K L IN E 
Open Sunday 2-5 
Im m a cu la te , 3 -2-2 w ith fo rm a l 1 living room, fo rm al dining, fam ily den. kitchen with breakfast area, b e au tifu l y a rd , p r iv a c y fence. 
Covered patio, and m ore Only a few m in u te s fr o m a n y w h e r e ! 
R E A L T O R . 494-1951 

MONTE VISTA 
O P E N 2— 5 P M 
225 W. GRAMMEROY 
P rice reduced! F o rm al liv in g and d in in g room , la rg e update d k it­ chen, fam ily room with bar, 3 be­ d ro o m s, 2 bath s, c e n rtra l he at and air. 733-9742, 828-5671, 
S t ra u d e r N e lso n R e a lt y o p e n 2-5 
"FIRST OFFERING” 
11631 SANDMAN 
Steo tow ards m ony y e a rs of en­ joyable liv in g by in spe ctin g this attra ctiv e h o m e today. N e w on m arket and in Enchanted Fo rest 
Y o ur hostess 
V irgin a 
M a r k s 
822-33o1 

PREFERRED PROPERTIES 

OPEN 2:3o-5:3o 

58o2 CARY GRANT 
I Oak Hills Terrace Wurzbach to| 
Merklns to Cary Grant. On a 
I Hillcrest with panoramic VIEW 
Very inviting rambler, 3-2-2, den (26XIS), FP, high beamed ( ceiling Separate dining room. 
Minutes to UTSA, Merlicat Com-1 jplex, USAA, Lackland, Kelly. 

PRICE REDU CED 
251o DANBURY 
Two blocks north of loop 4)o1 
East Completely redecorated in­ terior ond exterior 3-2-2, living-1 dining room (or large family 
. room) glassed to covered polio 1 
Lot 11oX2oo N E. Schools 

4o1o GLENROCK laurel Hills, N W IH 41o and 
Wurzboch. 
I block west to 1 
Bluemel. lovely French Brick 3- 
2-2. Dual fireplace divides living and dining rooms. Family room with expansive use of glass. 
Saltillo tile, beamed ceiling 
Sunshine morning room. Near 
USAA, UTSA, Medical Complex, 
1 

826-2347 
REALTORS 

341 I H U N T W IC K 
HIDDEN CREEK 
2 :3 o -6 :3 o P.M . 
4 bedroom, 2 bath, separate liv­ ing and dining room, family room with cathedral ceiling and fireplace lots of built-in*, low maintenance ynrd with sprinkler system. S67.8oo. 

3615 ROCK CREEK RUN 
1 -6 P.M . 
Seeing is believing, 27S7 sq ft living area, heated pool, huge park-like yord with mony oak trees, fully carpeted ond draped plus 22 ft. gomeroom. Don t miss this one! 

NAYLOR REALTY 
GALLERY OF HOMES 
691-1121 
656-552o 
341-9191 

O P E N 2 :o o -6 :o o 
6 3 o 5 M O N D E A N 
In A L A M O E A R M S T I A D S off 
B A B C O C K RO. Treed, corner let. . o v e r h alf on ocre w ith iovffly# ran ch rwm © of 73 ironer 
P a n e le d w a in . . a rock firep lace m the ga m e roam a n a a b u ilt-in Hutch in the din in g ro o m and o livin g room 
2 2 * 1 5 ! 
Cong front porch an d a co ve re d p atio in the re ar . .fenced yord. 
$64 ,9 o o. 
6 9 6 -4 8 1 1 
O P E N 2 :o o -5 :o o 
3 1 o W . SILVER 
S A N D S 
In 
IN C H A N T E D 
FOREST off 
SA N PEDRO . C ustom built, oM brick h om e w ith covered patio, m a n y o o k t ond o privacy fence, • .3 b e d ro o m s with bu ilt-in storage , 
2 baths, liv in g , d in in g room s phi* a w o o d p a n eie a fam ily room w ith a firep lace! K it­ chen h os w a lk -in pantry, built-in a p p lian ce s. 
S S S , SOO. 
4 9 4 -7 7 7 1 
O P EN 2 :o o -5 :o o 
14o ST A N F O R D 
In 
O L M O S 
P A R K o ff 
El 
P R A D O . 
Like o castle in 
Spain. . .this stucco ho m e is a reol treasu re! W ith a spiral staircase, b a lco n ie s a n d tiled terrace. . a n d a m agn ificent firep lace in the su n ke n livin g room ! 
D in in g ro o m 
1 7* 14 plus a m a rv e lo u s music roam ! 3 h u ge b e d ro o m s, 2 ‘ i baths. . .q u arters w ith bath and an u p d a te d kitchen. 
R e vive the art o f graciou s living! 
$ 9 8 ,5 o o . 
6 5 3 -7 3 4 1 
O P E N 2 :o o -5 :o o 
7 5 1 2 LEAFY H O L L O W 
In 
LIVE 
O A K oft 
N O RTH LEDG E. 
Sta tio n e d at 
R an d olp h 
A E B ? 
Se c this spacious 
3 b e d ro o m hom e w ith b e a m e d , cath e d ral ceil­ in gs in the liv in g room and m o ster suite (w hich includes a d ressin g room !). . .and a lo v e ly rock " w a ll'' fireplace b e tw e e n the liv in g an d d in ­ ing room s! 
B uilt-m kitchen, sh a g carp e tin g. . .patio! 
$38,BO O . 
6 5 8 -7 o o 7 
O P E N 2 :o o -5 :3 o 
6 3 1 o W A R H A W K 
(w e a th e r p e rm ittin g) 
In 
T H U N D E R B IR D 
HILLS off 
O VERH ILL, 1 o o % brick hom e w ith a c o v e re d p a tio off the m a p le p a n e le d fa m ily room ! 
3 b e d ro o m s, 2 b ath s. ■ .living a n d d in in g ro o m plus new ly carp e te d fa m ily room ! 
B re a k fa st b a r in p re tty k it­ chen! P riv a c y fence! 
N o rth ­ side schools. 
$ 3 9 ,9 o o . 
6 9 6 -4 8 1 1 
O P E N 2 :3 o -5 :3 o 
1o1 A Y L E S B U R Y HILL 
In TERRELL H ILLS off ELDO N 
RD. 
3 b e d r o o m s in a split arra n ge m e n t. . .I could be a fam ily room ! 2 pretty, tile baths) C h a rm in g h o m e w ith lovely, h a r d w o o d flo o rs has a firep lace in the la rg e liv in g room . . .a fo rm a l dining ro o m an d a kitchen 1 5 * 1 “ w ith a p o n try l 
W in d o w gu ard s. , .fen ced b ack yard . 
A la m o H e ig h ts schools! 
$ 5 9 ,5 o o . 
4 9 4 -7 7 7 1 
O P E N 3 :o o -5 :o o 
4 o 8 A R C A D IA 
In 
TERRELL 
H ILLS off 
W ILT SH IR E. P re tty street ond a lo v e ly , tre e d yord . . .3 b e d ro o m , 3 b ath h o m e h as q u arte rs p lu s a gu e sth o u se w ith p a rty room , b e d ro o m a n d b a th ! 
Living, dining room s. . .fa m ily room witfi w e t b o r a n d a 4th b e d ro o m or g a m e ro o m 1 9 *1 6 . Space ga lo re . . .shutters a t a lm o st e v e ry w in d o w . . -patio deck an d d o g runt 
$ 6 5 ,o o o . 
8 2 4 -9 6 3 1 
O P E N 2 :o o -5 :o o 
I 1 5 o 3 W H IS P E R D EW 
In 
W H IS P E R IN G 
O A K S off 
W H ISP E R S O U N D . S p lit-le ve l h om e w ith w o o d -d e c k p atio a n d p r e H y lan d sca p in g! 
3 b e d ro o m s, JVS baths. . .birch p a n e le d fa m ily room ! D ining room . . .liv in g ro o m 2 2x 1 5 . w ith fircp loee ! bi 
I n I rgy p a c k a ge , b u ilt-in kitchen w ith m ic r o w a v e ove n . . .* m uch m ore! 
$ 7 4 ,9 o o . 
6 9 6 -4 8 1 1 
O P E N 3 :o o -6 :o o 
9 2 3 3 B IN G H A M 
(w e a th e r p e rm ittin g) 
In 
H ID D E N 
CREEK oft 
ST O N E H A V E N to 
6U C - 
K H A V E N . 
N e a r 
C o lon ie s 
N o rth e le m e n ta ry school. . .o 
2 -sto ry h o m e w ith 
5 b e d ­ room s, 3 baths. . .paneled stu dy a n d closets an d . sto ra g e g a lo re ! 
L ivin g ond d in in g ro o m s p lu s p a n eled fam ily ro o m w ith fireplace! 
B uilt-in kitchen, com p lete w ith com p acter. . .beautiful, sla t-c o v e re d p a tio , trees and o d o g ke n n e l! 
$ 8 9 ,5 o o . 
6 9 6 -4 8 1 1 
O P E N 2 :3 o -5 :o o 
3 o o 7 C H A R T ER R O C K 
In CH ARTER O A K S o ff N A N ­ 
TUCKET. 3 b e d ro o m , 2 b ath ho m e h a s g o ld s h a g c a rp e t­ in g thruout! 
Formed living, d in in g ro o m s o n d a fam ily room w ith b e a m e d , c a ­ th edral ce ilin g an d firep lace. . .p atio 
1 o *2 o ! 
B uilt-in kitchen! 
All brick h om e w ith m a n y e xtra s! 
$ 5 9 ,9 o o . 
6 9 6 -4 8 1 1 
O P E N 2 :3 o -5 :o o 
3 5 4 3 H U N T W IC K 
In 
H ID D E N 
CREEK o ff 
ST O N E H A V E N . 
Exciting C o n ­ te m p o ra ry h o m e w ith b e a u ­ tiful decor! 
4 b e d ro o m s 
(m aste r su ite h a s slo p in g ceiling, te rra ! to sh o w e r o v e r lo o k in g p riv a te g a r ­ den!), 3 b a th s In all. Fireploe- ed liv in g ro o m . . .form ol d in - 
*— | ro o m a n d a g a m e ro o m 
* 1 8 ! 
'G o u r m e t '1 kitchen! 
C o v e re d p a tio ! Elegan ce and com fort co m b in ed ! rforthside schools. 
$ 89 ,3 o o . 
6 9 6 -4 8 1 1 
O P E N 2 :o o -6 :o o 
12 o D O G W O O D 

In 
C astle 
H ills o ff loc k h ill 
S e lm a , rustic ranch style hom e, set on a h u g e p a rk like 
(/a rd w ith p o o l a n d p a tio an d lots o f o a k s, e n o rm o u s, open liv in g ro o m w ith place. . .Saltillo tile d fam ily room . . .3 b e d ro o m s plus 4 in juest h o u se . 
Country 
Kitchen. . .w ith 
B SQ a n d much, m uch m o re l 
$ 9 2 ,5 o o . 
4 9 4 - 7 7 7 1 ' 
GtyCtipnmCx 

REALTORS ______ 

OPEN 1-6 

4o27 GLENROCK 

ASTOUNDING HOME for the family who lives lo enjoy their home. 4 bedrooms, 2 baths, exceptionally large mailer and family roam with cathedral ceiling). Centrally located in preitigioui laurel Hill); thii home ii open for your in­ spection, Sunday May 8. Priced lo sell in low 7o 1. 

349-5111 

1 
DEANIE 
OWENS CG. 
REALTOR— MIS 

N. Central Oft. 

OPEN HOUSE 3 TO 5 
1o4o3 SUNFLOWER 
'OFF lOCKHill-SElMA) 
- 
Spacioui brick nestled high on beautifully landscaped settin 
Mognificenl garden room wi slate floor and high cothedr ceiling, wet bar. living room wi' fireplace, separate dining roof both with parquet floors Mash suite with sitting room, 3 2 pli 

J O N E S -K IN G 
8 2 6 -2 4 3 9 j fQrjf J f a g 
' U 
L l U 
M 
V 

51o7BIN2-EN61EMAN 
C e n t u r y 2 1 
HABTMAHBiAlTORS 

D A IU i r CAI C l 
C U D O Y -G L A S C O C K n P F N H n i l k F 
O P E N 2 - 5 
P A N IC S A L E ! 
E Q U IT Y J U S T R E D U C E D to 
*28oo! Only 18 m onths old Better than new 3 b e d ro o m s, 2 baths, vaulted c e ilin gs in fam ily room with corner brick fireplace, lovely carpel. See this exceptional buy today! 
826-o6o6 
R E A L T O R S 
653-5259 
S U E W E E M S & A SS O C 
KEY GROUP 

IS 225 1666 f X P B f SS A N D N I W 5 

FIRST OFFERING 
126 VV. ROSEWOOD 
O P E N 3-5 
C h a r m in g c o tt a g e on lo v e ly street, living room with fireplace, se p a ra te d in in g, la rg e k itch e n with breakfast area. 2-1. 732-1291 
CAROLYN GRAHAM 
R E A L T O R 
826 8673 A nytim e 

IN THI I X P B I SS N I SVS 
C A II 275 1666 

O P E N HOUSE 
SU N D A Y I TO 5 
5423 C E R R O V IST A 
B r in g m o th e r out to see th is 4 bearoom , 2 bath hom e with 2 liv ­ ing are a s in E ld o rad o for under 
54o,ooo. 824-o17) 
RED CARPET 
R E A L T O R S 
(O B IH I I A ST I ST R iS U l IS 
O N A W A N T AD 
THI N U M B ! B IO CALL 
IS 2 2 5 -1 6 6 6 f X P f i f S S A N D N IW S 

 p a 

' 
O P E N H O U SE 
S U N D A Y 2 :3 o — 
5 :3 o w e a th e r p e rm ittin g 
★ NORTHWEST- 
OAK HILLS A 
22 7 E. W O O D L A K E 
3 -2 -C O N V E R T E D 
L O W 6 o ’s 

BOB MCGINNIS 
REALTORS v 349-6211 

Open Monday thru Friday 8 A.M. to 5:3o P.M. 
DEADLINES: 
M onday thru Thursday 
5 :o o P.M. for Following Day 
Friday 1:3o for Saturday 
Friday 5 P.M. for Sunday 
Friday 5 :3 o P.M. For M onday 
CLOSED SATURDAY AND SUNDAY 
Cancellations and Corrections can be made 
M onday thru Friday 8 A.M . til 5 :3 o P.M. 

Express N e w s C orp accepts responsibility errors the first d a y of publication only 

 i i 

■-NEWS BOHUS U BS 
TEXAS SIZE SAVINGS .I• 
o 

2 
LIN E S 
IO D AYS 

■ ■ ■ ■ ■ ■ ■ ■ ■ a 

 s * H n v 
C 
X E& m J 
TF 

NON COMMERCIAL) 
CANCELLABLE 
WITHOUT 
RATE CHANGE 

o * 4 * m b rn r n m : a i 
2 
2 
S t a I 
U 
U 
U 
J i J 
I 
V 
■ 
Q U IC K RESULTS! 

Son Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday May 8 J977^ 
Page I I -D 

 j i l l J B t l H 
S 
L J S 
E 
L J L I l E i l L S 
E 
! — 
J j j j a y s i j i i J i i L 
^ j a i K w i y i r o f i 
2q m n im t s u r ? s o u k s 
2o1 r » l fs iu r tw o n e ts a n - b a i t s n i t i w i i c h 
?ai m > i t s t > n < ( r o s 
~ z m - r e » its i* T th d tic e s 
? o i r n is i> n b o m 

/ W 
O 
I 
( TI I ET V 
I 
S 

CUSTOM BUILT 
CONSTRUCTION BEING COMPUTED 
3 - 4 - 5 B E D R O O M S 
4 y a BA TH S 
STA IN ED G LASS 
3 FIREPLACES 
UNBELIEVABLE KITCHEN 
2 WET BARS 
PROFESSIONAL GREENHOUSE 
GORGEOUS OAKS — HEATED POOL 
BEAUTIFUL YARD 
81o7 COUNTRYSIDE 
‘ ■ S S T " 
East o f N a c o g d o c h e s Rd. to C o u n try Lone 
S / I T C a a a 
O P E N I - 7 : 3 o 
2 7 5 ,o o o 
D A IL Y 
FRANCES LEVENSON, REALTOR 
2 2 5 -2 3 9 8 
ANYTIME 
7 3 2 -4 9 5 1 lf y o u a r e in th e m a r k e t to b u ild , w e w o u ia b e d e lig h te d to discuss th is w ith y o u . 

TERRELL HILLS 
OPEN HOUSE 

36o Elizabeth Rd. • Sunday 1-6 

Elegance and luxury keynote this charm ing home in a park like setting. G ia n t trees grace more than 
I acre "L o ca tio n tops, cond ition im m acula te." 

■ A Bedrooms ■ 3 laths ■ 3 Fireelocn ■ Larga Keams ■ 
High callings ■ Custom drupes ■ Moi 
* • • • — ■> ream and ample seme ‘ 
Sweeping circular drive. 

_ any built ins ■ Room Ie space (or swimming pool and tennis court I” drive 

 l l l u r ( U U 
S h o w n e x c lu s iv e ly b y s o u t h w e s t 
826-7668 r e a l t y 
655-6848 

WINDCREST 
7 3 o W in d ro c k C ircle 
A prestigious home in a prestige cul de soc location 
Quality custom built 
A bedroom, 
3 both with large tormol dining room. O ver 3 ,o o o sq It of gracious living including the plant lover's sunroom 
Adjacent lot available tor tennis court 
$ 9 9 ,o o o Call Chic Ashby, 
655 o 7 o /, 655 8828 

 chuc*4S H bY 
R E A L T O R 

The Patio Homes of Royal Ridge 

Hurry, before prices and interest .rates go up We only have 2 homes of this floor plan le ft The model home is for sale as pictured, O r you may choose to colorin; to your taste in the last home available at 1976 prices 
These homes are "Energy C rafted lor low utility bills and designed for leisure living and little maintenance 
Only two o f this style home are available at prices you 

 w ill not see again 3 bediooms, 2'A hath and oversized 
2 car garage with pier Inc openers 
Cedar shake shingles, dust proof windows, insulated beyond belief, sodded yard and privacy fences are induced rn the rare bargain 
VA or Conventional financing W e invite your comparison of construction and quality This is a sound investment in your future 
C all 6 5 5 -2 3 8 6 IO A .M . - 6 P .M . D aily fo r 
In fo rm a tio n a n d D ire c tio n s 
WINDCREST DEVELOPMENT CORPORATION 

COLONIAL BARON 

‘ 
’’ I 
- ' w 
R i f c r . 

’Energy Soring 
HOMES bv 
EG EN C Y 

This m agnificent 4 bedroom , 2 ' bath hom e with liv­ ing room , dining room , fa m ily room has everything, including all prepared kitchen and intercom system throughout, plus upstairs view area 
It is located on app roxim a tely I acre w ith large oaks 

O P E N S U N D A Y '/••V t 
3 4 1 - 7 o 5 7 
W . F. LACKEY & ASSOCIATES 

ELEGANT ADDRESS 
149 PERSIA 
ROSE GARDEN ESTATES 

4 bedrooms, living, dining and family room 
Massive fireplace, new carpet, built ms include corning top range. High 5o s 

6 5 8 -6 2 1 I 

1o6 THOMAS JEFFERSON 
J e ffe rs o n A re a 
All rock, 2 bedroom home in choice area large living room with fireplace, plus dining room and family room - over 16oo sq. ft. 

S35,5oo. 344-62o7, 684-433o Anytime. 
B andera Rd. O fc. 

6 8 4 -4 3 3 o 3 4 4 -6 2 o 7 

Deanie Owens Co. 
R e a lto r 
MLS 

ABSOLUTELY BEAUTIFUL! 

Owner-broker must sell fabulous 
Northside, 4 bedroom all rock house on 5 tree studded acres. Extras in­ clude out building and horse facilities. 
Better hurry on this one a t $ 7 6 ,5 o o . 
Brokers protected. 
John Philpott 342-48o8 

 a i a it ans 

CORNER LOT PERFECTION 

62oo SPRINGTIME 

Ideal location for an ideal home loaded with luxury features, including fireplace, cathedral ceilings and privacy fencing. The- paneled den and breakfast bor ore eye catchers, and the exclusive energy package makes this a great find in TA N G LE W O O D with a VA price 
$42 ,6oo ! 
ES5 
Ellison call 
Homes 
696-817o 

M A G N IFIC E N T CITY ESTATE AVAILABLE 
Approx I a«e of walled pnv’ocy enclosing toimal guldens with large foun'am and heated swimming pool The garden area bos 3 separate en tenanting pavilions with a wet bar capability A Mediterranean residence has been rompletelv restored and modernized The main floor has o large tiled front terrace with a caststone balustrade, orch cloister and marble fountain, a formal living room with cost stone and gromte fireplace oak paneled dining room, lorge solarium with marble fountain 
A bot with ceiling mural, butler s pantry, totally new kitchen and powder room In each room unusually fine attention has been given to eiahoiate ceiling and crown moldings, unique plaster and stone castings and marble accents Mid level is a child s stateroom styled bedroom, the 
2nd floor has a front baltony plus 3 bedrooms ond ? baths in addition to a master bedroom and bath Elevator serves Ut, ond 2nd floors. Utility room in basement New zoned central beot and on ond central vacuum cleaning system, new electrically iqed sprinkler system thruout estote 3 cot gotoge plus quarters consisting of hying room kitchen, bedroom ond bath Inquiries invited and will be kept confidential 
224-6895 til 4:3o weekdays 
822 5675 ofter 4:3o & weekends 

)— & 
^ - ar 
.* 
. 

L 
. 
. 
. 
..... 

OPEN 2 -5 

LETS 
TALK 
ABOUT 
FEATURES 
. . . 
Screened 

 patio 
- fenced yard 
- fireplace 
- 
4 

 bedrooms - living • dining - den and top­ 

 ped o ff by superior landscaping. 

5 8 4 6 BURGOYEN (V alley Forge) 
8 2 4 -o 1 7 1 ANYTIME 

WINDCREST GARDEN HOME 

8342 W IN D W A Y — OPEN SUNDAY 1o-6 

Custom designed for luxurious, carefree living, ideal location, better than new condition, quality throughout, contains top-of-the line appliances, fully carpeted, ceramic tile floor in foyer ond dining room, beautifully draped, abundant built-ins, sewing room - office, utility room, wetbar, 3 car garage equivalent with storage and workbench, growing garden plus mony other extras built around 2SOO sq. ft. of air con­ ditioned space with 2 bedroom, 2 both, study, living room with lonai which overlooks the patio. $89,5oo. 
653-o216. 

238-24o BLAKELY 
OPEN SUNDAY 1-5 PM 

I block north of Rittman Rd. . . . attractive duplex, 
3 bedroom, 
2 bath apartment upstairs and spacious I bedroom apartment down. $ 5 2 ,5 o o . 
DALCO 

REAL ESTATE 
824-o541 

11534 WHISPER BREEZE 
WHISPERING OAKS 
OPEN 2:3o TO 5:3o SUNDAY 

Prestige Executive home, 4 bedrooms with game room, swimming pool. 
ONLY T h YEARS OLD. $1 1o.ooo. 
696-1412 
FORTUNA ASSOCIATES 

57 

DOWN HOME LIVING ON CUL-DE-SAC 

6131 PECAN TRAIL You ll love the cathedral ceiling* and 

 fireplace, in (hts spacious TA N G IEW ooo HOME Perfect for 

 entertaining, 4 bedrooms, 2 baths, privacy fence adds the 

 finishing touch $39,6oo 

8815 WOODBURY in OAK FOREST ESTATES 
CLOSE TO EVERYTHING! 
N L Schools, shopping, recreation ond tennis Park — It s really o great house tor this orea in the low 4o s Light ond atry. High ceilings This 3 bedroom, 2 both, I living area home with great country kitchen is o must to check out! 
3 4 9 -1 4 3 

T 2 Ray Ellison 
* Romes 

Call 

696-817o 
REALTORS 

O W N A. . . 

MIKE KINDER ORIGINAL 

IN 

OAK VALLEY - OAK CREEK NW 

INTEREST RATES ARE 
GOING UP! 8'/7% TO 8 3/4 % i lumber, labor, etc. going up to! Buy now! 9 models open daily! $ 7 9 ,5 o o to $ 1 1 5 ,o o o ! 
Trade your home for the down payment! 5 -4 - 
3 bedrooms, 4-3 baths. 
9 models open daily, spacious, gracious living, original designs, will trade. Our Vance 
Jackson, I mile from 4 1 o . 
Sudden, 
6 9 6 -8 3 3 o 

OPEN 1 -5 
1o7o7 OLD BLUE LANE 
OAK CREEK NW 
Contemporary. More than 3,3oo sq. ft. of living oreo plus 2 covered patios and 2 car garage. 5 bedrooms, 4 baths, lots of walk in closets. Big living room with cathedral ceiling (31x21) with fireplace and wet bar. Also separate living room or gameroom (22x19). Price $1o9,ooo. 
BY OWNER 6 9 o -1 5 8 o 

IN SUMMIT OAKS 

On Two Acres W ooded Land • 24 o o sq ft. liv in g area 
• Two Separate Central Arr Units • See at 2 2 3 1 o Cielo 
Vista • North on IM IO to le o n Springs Exit then Under 
IH IO Lett on Access Rd. to Cielo Vista, s - ' 
Total Price $ 5 9 ,7 5 o 
(MW 
Swinney Co. 4*2-1o72 or asb o2*o 

CORNER LOT CONVENIENCE! 

117o3 SPRING SHADOW 

Live within walking distance of pools and tennis courts, while the children walk to school daily from this lonely home featuring Spanish archs, at an affordable VA price of $ 3 6 ,8 o o This one has on exclusive energy package to boot in beautiful BABCOCK NORTH. 

Call 

696-817o 

Read the Express-News 

 f j u m s z 

FIRST TIME FOR SALE 
BEAUTIFUL OAKS HILLS 

A super clean 3 bedroom, 2 bath brick home on a corner lot, paneled den, maids room with Vj bath, carpeting. 

DRAMATIC SPIRAL STAIRCASE 
Leads to heaven ly view from second floor balcony in this sumptous 3 bed roo m , 2 '/j both home. Sunken living area w W P and w et-bar, separate 8R and country kitchen w ga rd e n w indow make this hom e great for entertaining Intercom , paneled gam eroom w ceiling fan, ene rgy-saving solorex window s and s k y lig h ts just to m ention a few o f the many extras. 
G O T YOUR ATTEN TIO N ? N ow make an appt. to see this really special hom e 
---------------------------------- 
- 
A N Y T IM E 

Homes 
F LO U R N O Y 

REALTORS 
341-73o1 

Each Sunday in 
Classified Real Estate 

Place your ad by 
Calling 2 2 5 -1 6 6 6 
& 

I L 

! ‘ 2o2 HOUSES OPEN 
( 

O P E N H O U S E 3 TO 5 
* 
2135 O A K C R E E K 

'(O A K HOLLOW ESTATES-OPF 
{B R O O K HOL LO W )- B etter tnon 
'J n e w ! H a n d so m e b ric k o n ly 4 
V - months old with custom draperies 
-and la n d s c a p e d y a rd 
One 
'.s p a c io u s liv in g area w ith fire - 
• place, cathedral ceilings. G o u t - 
> met kitchen with dbl oven. 3 2-2. 
* “ Im m ediate possession. Reduced 
Mo $51,95o. 826-2439 REALTORS 

2o2 -HOUSES OPEN 
2o2 HOUSES OPEN 
2 o 2 -HOUSES OPEN 
2 o 2 -HOUSESOPEN 
2 o 2 -HOUSES OPEN 
2o2 HOUSES OPEN 
2o2 HOUSES OPEN 
2o4 PROPERTY OUT OF TOWN 

I i i - 
J O S H IN G 

Open 2-5 
8522 NORWICH 
(OH NE LOOP 41o) 
Darling 4 bedroom in Northesast school district. Close to shopping and Ft. Sam Houston. M any ex­ tras! In the lowSO's 

828-6391 A nytim e 
Deanie Owens Co 
Realtors-NE Loop otc_____ 

S c ­ 

 r o l l TSU FASTEST i n s u l t s 
O N A W A N T AO 
TMI N U M B IB TO C A II 
IS 2 2 5 -1 6 6 6 
I X PSC SS A N D N t w s 

TH I ACTIO N NUMBER 
TOR TAST RI SUITS 
P l A c t YOUR W A N I AO 
IN THI IX P R tS S N tW S 
C A II 2 2 5 -1 6 6 6 

OPEN SUNDAY 2 5 
9622 BOUTWELL 
S years young in an e x c lu sive neighborhood. Large bea utifully la n d s c a p e d y a rd w ith 3 b e ­ drooms, 2 baths, a study, enclosed patio, (ireplace, double garage in this white brick unique design home. 
UIImii Woolsev 735-6876 

FOR THI f AS t i St R tSU lTS 
O N A W A N T 4D 
THC NUMBER TO C A II 
IS 2 2 5 -1 6 6 6 
CXPRISS AN D N tW S 

O P E N Sun. 2 to 6 
7622 LYNN ANN 
Lovely 4 bedroom- 2' J both home, located oft Bandera Rd. in pres­ tigious French Creek. 544,9oo 
684-433o 344-62o7 A nytim e 
Deanie Owens Ca 
RE ACTORS Bandera Rd Otc 

IM I ACTION N U M BtR 
FOR FAST R I SUI TS 
P l ACE YOUR W ANT AD 
IN THI (XPRISS NEWS 
C A II 22 5 1666 

O P E N 2 to 5 
997 Mt. Perkins 
(OH Blanco R d I 
L o ve ly b ric k and ce d a r, 3 b e ­ d ro o m hom e w ith in w a lk in g d is ta n c e to E is e n h o w e r 
J r . 
School Beautiful cool w ith foun tam and garden area. V e ry low 
6o s Come see us! 

828-6391 A nytim e 
Deanie Owens Ce 
Realtors-NE Loop ofc 

THI N U M B tR TO C A II 
IS 22 5 1 6 6 6 
EXPRESS AND NEWS 

421 RUHMAN RO 
OPEN 2—SPU 
Price reduced, im m acula te 3 be droom , I bath. A la m o H e iq n ts schools, be a u tifu l v o r d , lo ts of trees. 341 7oS7. 
W F. LACKEY & ASSOC. 

^ 
Crest 
Cyimeifcao j u g u l a 
M ANT ADS! 

7515 ROBIN REST 
O P E N 3 - * T y r o l H ills 
T r e a t y o u r m o tn e r o r w ife on 
H E R day Bung her to s e e this beautiful 4 bedroom tam ily home nestled in a cul de sac 
Loaded with all the om m enities for fine living. Features huge S a ltillo tile patio a n d big swim m ing pool with whirlpool. Priced under HOO,OOO 
824-o6o4 
REALTORS 
826-62/2 
SUE WEEMS & ASSOC. 
Util 6BoUP 

THI NUMBER TO C A H 
IS 22 5 1 6 6 6 
IXPRE55 AN D NEW S 

5235 ROUNDTABLE 
In Camelot Open 2-6. 4 bedroom, 
2’ j baths 
655-5131 anytim e 
REALTORS 
V IR G IN IA CERVENKA 
KEY GROUP 
R U S TIC C H A R M of ro c k and cedar 3 bedroom, 2 bath, Saltillo tile floors, lo ll overlooking large livin g area w ith firepla ce Quiet m aster bedroom with sunken tub in b o th . g a rd e n ro o m ty p e covered patio . Located on tre e studded lo t In Stagecoach H ills. 
254o2 N orth Saddle T rail 698 1191 

SOLOR ASSISTED 
Contemporary home, 4 bedroom , 
?> i bath, 2 large sky decks w ith distance views, huge fam ily room w ith fire p la c e a n d a d io tn in g crow s nest. TR A ILW O O D -lH l5 
NW 
OPEN 
SATURDAY-SUNDAY 

CUSTOMKCM Company 
OM HOME BLU ClCERS 
698-2445 

2o4-PHOPtRTV OUT BF TOWM 

C A U 2 2 5 < 666 

3 Bedroom s, 2 baths, IO acres, outbuildings, 1-742-8oo2. 

EXPRESS AN D NEWS 

2-t re n o v a te d fo rm house in 
John son C ity . 511,ooo. W E IR 
R EALTY (512) 833 4518 
SMALL M OTEL, DE VIN E 
Good condition. Land to r e n la r­ gement. Priced to move. Please h u rry ! SAM WORO, R E A LTO R 
1-663-2621 Devine, Tx. 
4 UN ITS F u rn is h e d M a s o n ry . 
Good investm ent in good re n ta l area. Incom e $4oo mo. $35,9oo 
824-o121 A N Y TIM E 
ROSOW & KLINE 
REALTORS SO Years of TRUST 

FOR FAST 8 {S U IT S 
! 
PEACE YOUR W A N T AO 
IN THE EXPRESS NEW S 
C A U 2 2 5 -1 6 6 6 

* 

Pa 

J 

< 

% 
I 

 liv in 

I vol 

 ii ( 
(lei ne 1 
' c l i 

 m i ba p r 

 o u i 

 bu 
Ho nit a r hoi 
$3t 

 i sa 
75 le t att an tic a d ire to en i 

 ho co sp 

CO o f le i rot xvi 

In t til ex- se; e v re l in* 

 s h d e cot 

 i a n 

 w e a i) tw ut fir 

P it d r; ea 

 in * w a 

 x v i aw 

T h 
T h po- 

I f a n re , 
; ret 
: ter 
, h i! 

A L L O W FIV E TO S IX 
W EEKS FOR D ELIVER Y 

Son Antonio EXPRESS N EW S — Sunday M a y ti I V / / 

LUXURY LIVING 

! ALAMO HGTS. SCHOOLS 

J 
ARCHITfCTUR&l MASTfRPIfCt 

 i 
~ 
Unique stucco with GUEST 
* HOUSf.. Enjoy complete privory on 
J on atm sethup 
4-3''? 
Master 
. suite opens to sundeck Glossed 
( walk open to beautiful rourtyord 
,i with Hid pool 

MOCKINGBIRD 
Oepont ? bedroom, 2 both ran dominium 
Custom carpets and dropes, hreplote, equipped kit then plus wcshe- and dryer See beoutiful view of Son Antonio from balcony Only S31 SOO Noes 
656 758o 
NAYLOR REALTY 
GALLERY OF HOMES 

4,23 Acre Private Estate 
PRE-OWNED HOME 

SEE THESE 

AND OVER 

3oo OTHER 

PREOWNED 

NORTHEAST 

HOMES IN 

San Antonio s 

Fastest Growing 
Area 

2 WOODED ACRES 

Designed by 
o Heil ford for present owner 
High, high rollings, beoutiful wide plonk flooring, stonding seam copper roof, too many extras lo describe 
Executive Homes 

MARY MONT $189,5oo. 

Improved with 32oo sq. ft. custom residence 

 with 3 furnished guest cottages. Zoned Com­ 

 mercial. Beautiful commanding view with 34o ft. 

IH 35 North 
Frontage. 
$195,ooo. No Down 

Payment. Interest only. 3o yr. terms. Monthly 

 payment of SI 381.25 gives you immediate 

 possession. 

 footsteps whisper in the plush carpeting of this graciously beautiful home, set on s p rin kle d lawns with towering 

 trees, courtyard and terrace living room with classic, boy 

 window 
.. formal dining room . . . 2-story family room with fireplace! Master suite with 2 baths, library! 4 

 bedrooms in oil Playroom! 
8 2 4 -9 6 3 1 

SPANISH COlONIAl-TMI 
Delightful 
I story bcick, an beautiful sprinkled grounds, with mature oaks Designed by owner-architect with many special handcrafted features, 

SUPERB LOCATION 
65oo sg ft. of luxury af a fraction of replacement cost 
S large bedrooms (master is 267x19/ with huge dressing aren), living room is 29 9x26 9 (fireplace) Din inq room is 217x17 (brightly shuttered and interesting cement tile flooring), family room is 4ox 
17 4 (wet bor and built ms) 

T fliR Ill HULS — Elegont 2 story brick for distinguished living fnhamed by high ceilings, handsome millwork 4 3. qtrs,3- rar garage living room with fireplace, formal separate dining landscaped yoni 9 hole potting green 

Townhome. Rolling Ridge Village 
3-2, lam e liv in g area, cathedral ceding*, balcony, sundeek, fenced patio, pool, club bouse Assume low interest loan or ret ASO 3359 
WOODBRIDGE TOWNHOMES 
In-town Loc Super Am enities 
31o2 Eisenhouer________ 826-63o1 

8 2 8 -o 4 4 3 

TERREII HILLS - Sophisticated living in this 
3-3 in choice location living room with FP, formal dining fomilv loom opens to golden rm , and brick terrace 
?o x?Q master suite 

M o d el H o m e — TOI I G o rd ina 
(O ff 2 o o o Block W e s t A v o .) 
Paneled kitchen and fam ily room com bination. 
W e A f*o Do R e m o d e lin g S> fire p la c e s 
3 4 9 -1 4 9 1 
3 4 1 -o o 1 6 
591 7 San Pedro 
Species Builders, Inc. 

Next to the Country Club, on an oak-filled hillside, is an out-of the ordinary home with a woodburmng fireplace 

 in the living room and a free standing fireplace in the master suite (3 bedrooms in oil), solarium study and 

 fabulous den! 

OWNER ANXIOUS 
Contempoioiy 5 bedroom home in Thousand Oaks with country club membership 
2o ft family room with fireplace, formal living and dining plus huge backyard! privacy fence Priced lo sell al 

O IM O S PARK 
Handsome 2 story rock targe tor net lot with 
AH School bus service, plaster walls, living room with fireplace, separate dining 
((•modeled kitchen, sitting room off master, pretty pool 
3 2'/? pins gtrs 733 8946, 824 5279 
QUIET LOCATION 
Sink home on lovely lot in out of the way spot. freshly pointed 3 
2 , 2 fireplaces 826 3738, 826 
3349 
CONTEMPORARY 
COMFORT 
Unusual split level in Terrell Hills 
Glassed solarium entry, large liv ing areas, gorden room 
Com pletely new kitchen 3-2 826- 
5893, 826 3738 
REDUCED TO SELL fresh and open, beautifully maintained home, Terrell Hills, 3 patios for indoor outdoor en tertaimng 
3-2 826 3349. 733- 
8946 
BASIC C HARM , . . in need of IIC living loom with fireplote, dining room, 2 I plus ouest house with both 2o s. 828 
1962, 826 5893 
INCOME PROPERTY 
Duplex one 2 bedroom, one I bedroom, furnishings included 
Hern SAC rind downtown 
826 
W I 828 196? 
CAROLYN G R A HA M 
Rpolfor 
8 96 *86 7 3 Anytime 
W 
W T i i r j - Mtil, kl SPH 

TERREII Hills HlllTOP 
Completely restored interior with lovely custom kitchen and baths living room 
(slate fireplace), huge separate dining and breakfast rooms. 4 bedrooms, 2 sitting rooms, high ceilings, dork stained floors, new roof 

BEAUTIFUL COLONIAL 

2 story with basement game loom living room 
(fireplace) separate dining, mormnq room, breakfast room ond powder room down All large bedrooms up with dressing room off master suite 
Sprinkler^ grounds with pool 

MAGNIflCENT TRUE 
Georgian Colonial Designed for present owner by Bartlett Corke 
25 
(noster bedroom with fireplace, large living room with fireplace, separate dining, brick floored walnut paneled family room, beautiful gardened patio i with fountain 

HISTORICAL AREA 4o 5 
Remodeling begun so thai you may finish to suit your taste Old brick, old doors, high ceilings hardwood floors, fireplace with old monde, etc 

TERREII H ills - One of o kind 
This stone home completely renovated for luxuiy living 
Dramatic 2-story living room with massive fireplace M ' ■ plus qtrs 
Master suite up with dual dress mg rms.. sitting rm 

TERREII HULS — Overlooking golf tonne 
2 story burk, 3 4 bdrm*. 2 'z baths, living room with ff>, formal dining, gtrs 

COUNTRY LANE — luxurious 
Contemporary with 4 5 bedrooms on over an acre Offers excellence in design, extensive use of glass, large pool with space for tennis rout! 4 fireplaces, guest House, gtrs 
. 

4 9 4 -7 7 7 1 
CASTLE HILLS EST ATES $159,5oo 

REALTY WORLD 

NEW DUPLEXES 

TAX SHELTERS 

Excellent tosh flow due To 

 low tax area Ready for oc­ cupancy, list of prospective tenants. Prospects available. 

COMPASS REALTY 

49 4 -3 o 1 2 494-16o1 

CUI-DE-SAC LIVING 
Country atmosphere with city convenience when you move into this charming 3 bedroom, 2 bath, brick fireplace 
16oo sg ft of wonderful living plus lorqe lot 

EXECUTIVE’S TWO-STORY 
A beautifully arranged 3 bedroom home with many plores to get away 
Conversation area in master bedroom plus teenage 
T V room upstairs, large den with fireplace ond many other extras for only S49.9oo 

Contemporary .. in a Spanish mood! A builder s home with over 3,5oo. sq. ft which Include formol living, dining rooms, 

 a family room with 2 storage walls and fireplace! S 

 bedrooms, 3 baths, plus quarters with bath 
Saltillo tiled patio* More* 

O P E N S U N D A Y 
1 :o o til 7 :o o p m . 
IN BEAUTIFUL CHURCHILL ESTATES 
148 o 3 GALLANT FOX 

 lo v e ly 2 story white brick home on w ooded corner lot A bedroom s, 2 '/? baths, study, playro om , clutter room and all the other features th a t you would expect in a top q u a lity bom i; 
Built by Superb Homes (Jesse and Bruce 
Btjker) 
Buy now and select some o f the colors and carpeting A gracious home for 5 8 8 ,6 o o 
Call 4 9 4 -7 6 5 1 ANYTIME 

6 9 6 - 4 8 1 I 
COMAL COUNTY $117,5oo 

Drive down a paved road to a wooded retreat on over 2.5 

 acres! 2-story home of fieldstone ond cedar, has o living room 26x18 with a fireplace o dining ond family room with Saltillo tile ond 4 bedrooms, study . 
3 luxurious 

 baths. Fabulous! it o s o u r & k f ii 

JONES-KING 
8 2 6 -2 4 3 9 
2 4 -1 o o UNITS 
INQUIRIES INVITED 
ON 
INCOME 
PROPERTIES 

6 8 1 -2 9 o o 
GARDEN RIDGE $98,9oo 
REALTORS — 
5 o YEARS OF TRUST 

Toke a dip in the heated, diving pool or relax on the purios on this huge, wooded lo t.. entertain in the fomiul rooms 

 or the paneled family ond game rooms eti|oy on evening 

 fire in the rock fireplace* A home foi happy living wotting 

 for you* 

5 MODEL HOMES 
FOR SALE 

CONVfMTIONAl 5% DOWN 
We have severed 3 j bedroom plans. 
All MODH HOMES will hr sold with drapes, fully landscape front and backyards Driveways will be poured. 

All HOMES FEATURE: 

✓ 1oo% Brick Construction i^ 
Handcrafted 
Woodburning fireplace h" Energy h" Saving 
Package u" Carpet \S Central heal air iz* Deluxe Magic Chef oil 
Electric Kitchen iz ' 2 Cor Garage 
OPEN 9 - 9 
W O O D STO N E 
CALL 
JOHN GILLIAM 
6 5 6 -5 4 7 4 

SOUD GOLD LOCATION 

 bever? townhomes hidden in acres of live Oaks but only one chance left to buy. 

• 
Various lo cations 

• 
Flexible 
Terms 
TERREII HlllS-A H Schools 
On a beautiful, spmiklered corner lot with titu la r drivel Ancona 
Milestone, I story with thick shake roof, 4 or 5 bedrooms plus quarters 3 car concrete floored garage Completely charming. 

TERREII HlllS-AH SCHOOLS 
Delightful one story on a corner living room with fireplace. 
Separate dining room, family mom 
(Redondo till floor), 4 bedrooms, plus guest bouse. 
Gorgeous new kitchen. 824 3233, 
822 5973, 822 91o3, 826 oo49 

6 5 3 -7 3 4 1 
CASTLE PARK $83,2oo 

STERLING BURKE 
REALTORS 

824-6351 

77o1 B roadw ay 

2 -B ed roo m + honus ro o m , V A soys its worth $19,5oo but owner says make an offer. Vacant 
ROUGH RIDER R E ALTY 
________ 654-7131 
Once upon a time a home was built with 5 bedrooms, 3 baths . . . a richly paneled living room and adjacent dining 

 room which open to a lovely sunroom with a free standing fireplace! Then, a pretty pool was added and, they lived 

 happily ever after! 

ALAMO HGTS SCHOOLS 
W alk to a ll 3 s ch o o ls fro m 
M eadow ood. 4-2 ond q u a rte rs . 
Fireploce in fam ily room. 824-4571 
' 7 Acre Krteen Tx. $4o,ooo F irm , as is. Im provem ents 3 bedroom, 
1 bath, I bedroom, I both, 2 car goraqe apt and 2 bedroom, t bath 
Annual rental potential $4,86o 9 b lk* to East G ate Ft Hood No agents, coll ofter /pm 656-2216 
2 bdr I bath El.S. off San Pedro, 
Couple and sm all child. 696 o634. 

3 bedroom. 3'/? bath patio home, surrounded by towering oak trees large glossed den, patio living, sunny kitchen, terraced yard 
OPEN SATURDAY & SUNDAY 11-5 
SANDISON REALTY 
6 9 9 -9 2 o 1 

8 2 4 -9 6 3 1 
ALAMO HEIGHTS $19o,ooo 

A lam o H gts Schools. W alk to e le m e n ta ry , 3-2-2, b r ic k , Pa- raauet floor in living room, large yard, garden, excellent condition, near 41o, North Star and new No. 
EXP. $39,95o 721 Coronet 344-892o 
Nostalgia buffs will love this home! Thick, stucco wells and flawless, Mexican tile floors. . . ceilings to look up to and a 

 round, spiralling stairway! 6,ooo sq ft., including the full basement rooms (den, family room) . 
4 bedrooms, 4 baths and sunroom formal dining room, fireplaced living 

 room, fantastic! 
4 9 4 -7 7 7 1 
ALBATROSS HEIGHTS $185,oo9. 

 lf you can t know where this is, come out near the Medico! 
(enter! Between the Country Clubs are almost 4 acres 

 with a charming, comfortable home with 3 huge bedrooms, 

3 baths, a fireplace in the living room and a country kit 

 chen Also, on the property are 2 lovely apartments! Simply 

 beautiful! 
6 9 6 -4 8 1 1 

ALL BRICK 4 bedroom, 2 bath, double qaraqe home, carpet cen­ tra l a ir, in lik e new con d itio n , ncor N o rth e rn H ills. O nly $525 move-in. 68 1 o66o. 

2 units oh K o yto n olus 4 room house on corner lot in well kept area Priced to sell. 824 4521, nites 
674-o744 

OPEN 2 to 6 

6618 LAUREL HILL 

IOVELY 4 bedroom, 3 bath home with mold's quarters located on large corner lot ut Oak Hills large nil elertrir kitchen, covered patio 
|s9R.5oo 

 r 
OPEN I to 5 
SAN PEDRO HILLS 
TO W N H O M E 5 
On Brook H o llo w Dr. 
(Just east of Son Pedro) 
Bring the family lo see these beoutiful new or pre-owned townhomes that ran show you a wbylp new wuy of living less work, and more time fer bobbies and 'amity outings Priced (rom 
S43,9l}o. you ran select horn ? bedrooms, 2 bedrooms and game room or 3 bedroom plans 

 u s - H o m e l 

BY OWNER NORTHERN H ILLS 
3-2-2, IOOo* B rick, cedar slat patio cover, landscaped vard, p rivacy fence. 2 (w ing areas, fire p la ce , u tility room A aualitv home in the 
:ow 41) s 656 2352________________ 

OF CENTRAL TEXAS 

You car t ask for more than tm * 5 beO 'oom 
2'? h a th nom e w ith separate living, dining anil fam ily roams. 448,5oo Super' 
34I-44V 
Niles 826-6762. 735 1787 
G E O R G E FLO O D, R E A L T O R a 

 s?,nno. owners anxious p a rtia lly fu rn is h e d , m a k e o ile r , la rg e rooms, apoltances. $7,/OO 
I 
1o5 TOMAHAWK 

II HIS UK,ANT RESIDENCE in Hill 
[Country Estates, bas 3 bedrooms 
3 baths, double fireplace, seivonts quarters Stables with 5 

 stalls, feed, fork and horse wash room on 5 oak studded acres with on abundance of fruit trees Mony other extras SUS OOO 

4-plex, O lder 2-sto ry nea r Pl 
Sam income 
$37o monthly, 
$22,ooo 
To purchase a large 3 bedroom, J bath home w ith big open liv in g a re a w ith fire p la c e , 2 d in in g areas, courtyard, and m ore! On bi? corner Oak covered lot. For details call 
349-1436 A n y tim e 

REALTORS in College Hgts., big fam ily room, central heat-air, 2-story corner, sp rin k le r system , I ' j bath and built-ins. Call Susan 

G y 
C a p m a n 
G b . 

213 TOMAHAWK 

IN HIU COUNTRY VILLAGE. SV? acres 

 of huge ook trees beautiful 3 2 

 rambling rock home 
I Shaped country kitchen, 19 x 18 game room with fireplace, second fireplace iii 

 living area $1o5,ooo 

741o CASTLE FAWN 

This spotless 4 2-2, in Camelot I, bus a manicured garden, 36 x 18 
Gory Pool with diving bourd and 
I bde Water softener and gas grille 
■ Handy to Windsor Park Moll Ran 
I'lolph AIB and ft Sam 547,9oo 

I 
64o2 Handsome lake 

 lf ORNER IOT, 2 living areas. 3 2 2, 
[blooming courtyard, brick arid cedar privacy feme, fruit trees 544 5oo 

 j 3 4 4 -3 o 7 8 
8(28-8241 
49 4 -7 7 1 1 
65 6-3 4 4 1 

AF * 
* 
* * * 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 

J 
ALAMO HEIGHTS 
* 
I 
335 ARGYLE 
J 
( 
OPEN 2 -5 P M 
J 

* larqe 2 story VICTORIAN TOWN 
? 
^ HOUSE 4 bedrooms, 3 beths, + 
T 
. J guorters, + 7 car qoroge Ad 
^ lucent to Argyle Club Beautiful 
* ynrd and deck overlooking l f 
$C Olmos Bushi $126,ooo 
4 - 
* 
8 2 6 -7 7 9 1 if 

D E C O R A T O R S H O M E . 3 be droom s, I'? bath, b uilt-ins, cen­ tra l heat-air, fenced. $22,ooo Call 
INTERSTATE 828-o755 til 8 pm 
D o c to i’ s H ouse. T re e s ! 3 be d ro o m , 2 b a th , s tu d y . A ll ap- plionccs built-in 539,5oo 656 o522 

INC, REALTORS 

REALTORS 
> 
Assume this eauity for less than 
$5ooo. A super plan, t living area w ith fire p la c e , 3 b e d ro o m s , 2 baths, double garage 
656-3ooo A n y tim e 

I Acre plus beautiful home 27oo sa.ft 3-2-2 sewing room, 3 patios spacious v a rd w ith pool, h a n ­ dym an's dream w o rksho p w ith bath, 15 X 129. Complete private duplex in back $87,5oo H E LE N 
S T A N G E L R E A L T Y 661-4187 nites 337 6816. 
Olympia, 8414 Delphian. This trad itiona i-style home is fo r­ mal and elegant on quiet cul- de-sac with roses and m any trees. 4 bedroom s w ith fu ll baths. P riva cy fence and 2 c a r a u to m a tic g a ra g e 
$52,185. No Agents Please. 
For appointment 658-258o. 

REALTOPS-Pernn Bette! Ole 

A ttra c tiv e duplex nea r T rin ity 
Univ. 2 bedroom , I bath, liv in g room , d in in g room each u n it. 
Separate meters. $37,5oo. 
MONTE VISTA R E ALTY 
735-o485 RE ALTORS-MLS 822-oo75 

Lo oking fo r a new hom e? 

TODAY S YOUR LUCKY DAY. . . 

High Country Estates 
6 5 6 -4 4 7 1 
S4|, I SO to S53,4oo 
Nacogdoches at Judson 
M eadow W ood North 
4 9 4 -6 1 6 3 

S34.ooo to S41.45o 
Jones Maltsbgr ot Thous. Oaks 
The G reat Northwest 
6 8 4 - I I 23 

$38,5oo to $55,1oo 
EM 471 at Culebra 
• VA, Conventional 
• Fireplaces 
• Double Garages 
• North East or Northside Schools 

3 unit apartm ent 22o PICKNEY 
Owner will trade. 
684-4211 PIONEER RE A LTY 
D R E A M HOME Open and a iry w ith fo rm a l liv in g ana d in in g 
-porns. Adiom m g den with stone fireplace 4-2 2. 2 covered patios 
$45,5oo. Niles 653-6116 

2o-UNIT APARTM ENT Complex, com ple tely fu rn is h e d , fu lly oc­ c u p ie d . S w im m in g poo l and laundry fa cilitie s. Good income. 
Low, cash equity. 
OPEN HOUSE 

2-6 Sat. & Sun. 

4519 PECAN GROVE 

In prestigious Pi ton Valley, 3 2 2, den with fireplace Closets Golote' laige yard Covered polio 
VAN BUREN & ASSOC. 
684 7171 344-1o89 344-7122 

Tower View Inc. 732-6157 
4 U N IT 
F U R N IS H E D 
N e a r d o w n to w n b u s in e s s d is tr ic t. 
O w n e r m a n a g e d . W ell m a in ­ tained 824-45o7 
Ut M r OHS 

Coates Development Co 
Courtesy to Brokers 

O P E N S U N D A Y 
PARK NORTH 
1 1 2 1 o EL SENDERO 
2:oo to S:3o p.m. 
BEAUTiFULlV 
OLCORAUD 
4 bedioom, 7 -both home iii excellent location lots of loom fourth bedroom con serve os study 
Fireplace, built in bor, "I" shaped living dining room, 7 patios and gas gall $42,9oo 494 7651 ANYTIME 
STAGECOACH HILLS 
9 4 2 3 SADDLE TRAIL 
DRIVE 
3 :oo to 5:3o p.m. 
IN ID TO BOERNE SIAU ROAD EXIT 
IO STAGL COACH HILLS SUBC IO 
SADDLE 
TRAU 
DRIVE 
Enjoy horseback riding on 
2 ones overlooking hill rountry vista 
Spanish split-level home with 4 bedrooms. 2 baths, one living area with cathedral reding and fireplace 
Priced lo sell at $76,ooo 824 o121 
ANYTIM1 
HIDDEN FOREST 
I t a i BIRCH HILL 
3:oo to 6:oo p.m. 
GORGEOUS 
SPLIT lEVll CON 
TEMPORARY home in this prestigious aren 3 bedrooms, including huge master (19 2 x 14 ), 2' ? plush baths, and spacious billiard loom opening to upper level deck with panoramic view of the hill country Shuttered formal and informal living areas ac rented by dual fireplace Come see for yourself1 Paced in the 6os for quick sale 494 7651 ANYTIME 
GLEN OAKS 
631 8 MADELEINE 
3:oo to 5:3o p.m. 
NEAR WONDERLAND AND MEDICAL 
CENTER 
Spacious S bedrooms, 3 baths, 
(ambulation living dining, family room with rornei fireplace and cathedral ceiling, fully equip ped kitchen 
Covered screened patio 
Priced 
SSS,OOO 
874 o171 
ANYTIME 

AAA BA R G AIN in Live Oak 
1 bedrooms, 2 baths. $25o down. 
696-742o SLATER RLTV 344-o936 
OPEN HOUSE 
SAT. a rd SUN. 
1 2 -6 P.M . 

N e w Superb H om e* 
University Oaks 
M ode! H om e 
4 8 o 2 BUCKNELL 

BY OWNER STUCCO 3 2-2, with o triu m , decorative security w in ­ dow bars, covered Datio. other features. E auity $6,5oo. M onthly payments $299 661 4391. 
Century 21 
Large 4-2-2 on 1oox2oo lot w ith manv trees. E xcellent floorplon, separate livin g -d in in g , den w ith fireplace, NE Schools 
494 5281 
494-4o23 
H ILL COUNTRY REALTORS 

HAP RESER 653-6182 Anytim e 
Energy saving home in N U. solar hot water, elite neighbolhood All Must sacrifice m obile home ond extras. Low utilities. $52,9oo Bv lond in Stonewall, Tx $8oo down. builder. I-625-o5o2______________ carry balance of 4°o. 673-5721 
JUST UNDER CONSTRUCTION, 
N E A R B O R D E R C IT Y 
14oo sa ft 4 bedroom, 2 balh, 2 c o u n try hom e w ith 14 a c re s , car garage on 4 acres All this tor 
North Laredo All utilities Water 
$42,8oo Financing available with rights Perfect tor entertaining or 
1o°, down, buy now ond choose fa m ily liv in g . L a rg e fire p la c e , color sunken living room, Bar, beamed 
HUGHES & BRISCOE c e ilin g , in te rc o m , c a rp e te d 
924-4331 REALTO RS 1 663 5597 $|S6.uOO. Coll 512-722-79o8 
Personalized Designer Pattern 

The Crest in Live Oak, lovely 
I owner. 3-2-2, 2 living areas, larqe back v a rd w ith p riv a c y fence 
$4ooo4- 7^4 loon. 653-715o. 
IEo22 LA CHARCA 
3422 ACTION LANE 
Off Pecan Volley ond LIO, 3 be­ droom , com p le te ly rem odeled, new carpel. No down povm ent to 
Vet. O w n e r-B ro k e r. 341-8134, 
Eves 494-3229 

By Owner Thousand Oaks. 3-2 2. 
'$ a pre stig io u s address, la rg e living, dining, den, fp, full carpet, fam ily livm q area with fireplace, cafh, ceiling, cent air-heat, oust 
3 bedrooms. 2 tile baths, Seeing is drapes, bk area, in te rco m , cov behymn. Coll 822 33o1 patio, p riv fence, I y r old Assume 
, . , n T I I I I I n r n - r n n n eqmtv, 494-5us___________ 
HARI MAW RFA TORS 

Trtco, Realtors 
3 4 9 -6 4 9 1 

Bv owner U niversal City, 4 2 2, 
22oo sa It. 2 story, fireplace, eat in kitchen, mony extras. 
$54,9oo 
658 6454. 

This old house"s real mess! But could be lovely with some tender loving core 2 sto ry in Coppery 
Club oreo, Sold in 
AS IS condi­ tion only. Low 2o's. Just listed and won't last 

EL DORADO 
13 2-2, landscaped to p e rfe ctio n and complete w ith o hobby lobby 
Self cleaning oven, woter softener and refrig, too. Call 656-1234 

3 BEDROOM, I'? bath, 1-cor g a r­ age. Central heot-air. Eosy to as­ sume 6o5 Willow. Converse, Tex- as. 658-8oo5 atter 5. 

ATTENTION 
FIRST SHOWING 
BY OWNER, Valley Forge, 3 2 2, covered patio- fu lly landscaped, finished garage, p riv a c y fence and much more. 
M id 
S3o's. 
656 284o. 

BY OWNER. ELDORADO, 4 2 2. 
Separate dining and living rooms, fam ily room, fireplace, 2,ooo sa.It landscaped, brick Assume 7jj °o 
V-A, or refinance, very low SO,'S. 
655-828o 
BY OWNER, El Dorado, 3 yr old 
2-story home, carpeted, custom drapes, intercom , water softener, extra large fenced vard, extras 
M id $5o s. 653-4382. 

Tow nhou se w ith e v e ry ro o m overlooking glassed atrium M ul­ ti le v e l ond d e c k . 
3 -2 ? -2 . 
LivingLFp, high ceilings) dining, breakfast rooms. Beautiful decor, parquet floors, custom drapes, lush c a rp e tin g . E v e ry c o n ve n ­ ie n ce is y o u rs in th is A la m o 
Heights executive property. 
826-2347. 

828-6391 A n y tim e 

BY OWNER, V A L L E Y FORGE, 
3-2-2. fire p la c e , o v e rs iz e d lo t, privacy fence E quity and assume pmts. 6S6-344V 
Reoitors-NE Loop ole 
12o22 LA CHARCA is a p re stig io u s address, la rg e fom ilv living area with fireplace, 
3 bedrooms, 2 tile baths, Seeing is beliving. Call 822-33o1 

BY OWNER- Valencia. 4-3-2. on cul-de-sac. 25 Sq. Ft. of functional lu xu ry includes 2 m aster suites 
Lots of e x tra s fo r fa m ily th a t values com fort, convenience ond privacy. 654-1286.______ 

$54,9oo 
This beautiful home is on a corner lot, has m any b u ilt-in s, custom drapes, fireplace. 
349-3S35 or 349-5111, anytim e 

 on this 3-2-2, in The Glen Open terms to fit your budget or owner w ill help finance. 
ROUGH RIDER R E ALTY 
__________ 654 7131____________ 
AH SCHOOLS T e rre ll Hills State 
Iv 2-story b ric k , 4-3 plus a irs , 
3-car gar,, 9-hole putting qreen 
JONES-KING 82e-2439 

U nique Tow nhouse type hoitie 
French g o u rm e t kitchen , la rg e liiv m q .d in in g and lib ra ry w ith 
Parquet floor 3-2 Plus loft Could be 
4th bedroom. 
Must see! 
826-3349 

BY OWNER E L DORADO 
3-2-2 lovely 17oo sa ft. brick home with spacious fam iiy room, large living room ond m aster bedroom. 
W all to w a ll c a rp e tin g custom drapes, covered patio, fireplace. 
Well kept kfenced vard. 7°o loon, make this home worth seeing. Mid 
4o s. 65S-88S3 

ELDORADO 3-1-1, $275 total move jin. $2o5 povm ent. F irst paym ent iin July 
674-6126_______ RAE Real Estate 

BY O W N ER 
3-2-2 w ith 4th be droom or study. Assume 7°o VA. 
Low e a u ity. NE schools. N e ar 
Rondolph-Ft. Sam 654-6298 

3 BEDROOM, I bath, one-story. 
Walking distance to school Only 
$24,ooo 
349-4276 
494-2335 
JIM VIA, REALTOR 

R LA L TORS-Lock It ill-Selma OK 

R EALTOR 
826-8673 Anytim e 
FIRST O FFER IN G AH SCHOCfLS 
Completely remodeled. 2 story in most desirable location. Entrance hall, separate Ivitng, dining roam, lib r a r y , b re a k fa s t ro o m , j i baths, and super qoraeous (fit chen . T h is is w h a t e v e ry o n e wants. Please call us tor del&Us im .T > n tii.iu ijo 

By O wner- End u n it. N e ar Ft 
Sum. 2-2'j-2 w ith door opener 
Cathedral ceding ana fireplace rn liv in g room 
C o v e re d p a tio . 
$43,5oo. 828-7279 

3 yr. old 2-story home in El Do­ rado, fo rm a l liv in g and d in in g rooms, den w ith stone fireplace, eat-in kitchen 3 full boths, utd. room , carpeted, draped , in te r­ com, o v e rsu e d double garage. e x tra la rg e te n ce o va t d, low 
$6o S. B y o w n e r 
6 j 6 12*o.________ 
B E L L R E A i. TORS 222 9495 Tei re d H ills , 4 .iio T ro p ic a l D r, 
Freshlv auinied inside and out, 3 oenroum-g,,, o ar, good ueiqtiuor 
"OOO mux tZ-if de >2o.9/5.______ die- LUXOR x".i 2-2 univ $6oo 
Total down-closing to anyone! 
Form al dining and living rooms. 
Breakfast area in aoplianeed garden kitchen, fam ily room, low shag throughout, privacy fence 
Roosevelt High only $355 month 
344-5564 Hort M cCorm ick 344-2993 

El Dorado, 3 yr. 4-2-2 Big lot. po tip, 655-1o28 (in SSO ,S)___________ 
BY O W N ER - E x e c u tiv e tra n s ­ fe rre d . 28oo sa ft w h ite stone contem porary home less than t veer old. Located in beautiful Oak 
Hollow Estates north of Loop 41o oh Son Pedro. Cathedral ceilings, emu en hvnq grid fam ily room s, a re o la te , u ltra m odern kitchen 
9 ? b a th s, double c a r g a ra g e , nriiL nom stairw ay glared qua rry ti. : entry (mo kitchen profession, onv tanusiooea p' iva cy tern e com er lot. Priced to sell. $79 sou 
4V4 1867_______ 

Walk to Cambriage. 2 bedroom, t 
! bath, den, garage, fenced yard, j 13oo sq lf , c a rp e t, h a rd w o o d flo o rs , la rg e m o d e rn k itc h e n 
! $37,5oo 
326-3IJT oft 
4pm weekdays. 

EN C H A N T E D V IL L A G E 
' be droom 
2 both, ta lly c a rp e te d . 
E x c e lle n t c o n d itio n 
» iv,5 o o 
349-4276, 142-5o18 

FIRST O FFER IN G 
D elightfully decorated 3 bedrown home in East T errell Hills. Lnfge playhouse rn backyard. Ottered a! 
$21,75o. 826 6388 

V.WMII— B v O w n e r 

ALA M O *1E I G r; TS 
B e a u tifu l 
" 'C e lli', re m c -tc iro hom e. 3 barm s, cai oeigti. 2 bath, liv in g m om w ith FP, separate d in in g room. Floors refinished, central heat ond oir, m aid s quarters with both. WEST RE A LT Y 
656-4494 
$63,5oo.________________________ 

A LA M O H E IG H T S 
P a tte rs o n 
Ave. home perfect to remodel, 2 bdrm , I bath, living room, separ­ ate dining, breakfast room, sm all fom ilv sitting room area, great lot w ith pecan trees. WEST R E A L ­ 
TY 656-4494. 

Near Ft Sam Anyone tor lenms, swim m ing, golf? Corner view 
I bedroom, bath-down, 2 bedrooms, bath-up. Saltillo tiled floors down. 
Fireplace. 
$41,ooo 
Must see. 
826-2347 

MMlOtS - SO TI AK Of TRUST 
Bv ownet. 3-2-2. Fiberglass swim m ing pool 
1ox3o covered patio. 
D elightful view W alking distance, 
R e g io n a l Post O ffic e F a c ility 
$4o,5oo 655-o744________ 
O P E N 2 t o 5 

1o8o2 MT. MESABI 
M a k e Mom 
H a p p y w ith This O n e 

I xcellent location in Oak Glen Park 

 lovely, 
I living orca, fireplace, 

 formal dining 
3 bedrooms and 

 study, or 4 bedrooms. $52,5oo. 

 im m aculate 18oo sa ft, 3 bedroom 
I (m aster 19x11), 2 '?luxury baths, one large living area with coffle drat ceilings. Low 4o's 
M a rjie Horton 344-2341, 6 5 3 5936 
FOR LEASE W ITH OPTION TO 
B U Y ! This re a lly neat co tta g e offers 3 bedroom s, 2 baths, fire place in the living room and extra spacious kitchen w ith all electric a pp lia nces! Fenced yard, loo°o b r ic k ! M a ke us an o ffe r ! I ! ! 
824-o121 A N Y TIM E 

By O wnet, Fox Run 4-2-2, 2,ooo sa ft. f 8 A cre 
B e a u tifu l hom e, assum e $13,ooo e a u ity , $38,4oo 
Balance, 656-4o43. 
O wner m ust sell b e a u tifu l 3-2*2 near R andolph, ia rg e o a ks, te r ­ raced lawn, low eauity or nothing down VA. 344-3471, 341-7697, 
BOB BRENNER REALTORS 

By Owner, 4 2-1, fu lly carpeted, a ir h e a t, c o v e re d p a tio , NE 
School dis! Fenced, paym ents, 
$177. 
Eauity and assume 
653-8575.________________ 

4-2' i-2 , p r iv a c y fe n c e , n e w ly painted. Assume equity or nego- liable new loan. $45,ooo. 655-2557 
3 bedroom condo in M ockingbird 
Pond. 2 livin g areas, fire p la ce . 
Very, very nice. Call for an app t to see. 69o-95o2. 
REALTY 
WORLD 
L A N D M A R K 
RE A LT O RS 

BY OWNER- Gracious 3-2-2, Live 
Oak near Randolph. Cul-de-sac, coy patio, priv fence, soft woter, carpet, drapes, landscaped. Low equity $32,ooo. 8138 D rv Canyon. 
Coll 653 14o5 T o d a y !!___________ 

Brass Lan terns in v ite you into charm ing 2-1 home, new carpet covers lovely large fireplaced liv ­ ing and dining room. Country k it­ chen sports a shuttered bay w in­ dow e a tin g a re a . G la sse d in laundry room overlooks covered p a tio , fe n ce d b a c k y a rd , Bv o w n e r, $37,9oo 
53$ 
A R G O , 
824-o988. No agents. Shown bv appointment._______ 

Walk to all schools. Lovely well kept home in established neigh­ borhood w ith la rg e trees 3 Be­ drooms, 2 baths, living and dining room, plus a separate den. A good buy af $37,5oo 
653-435o 

Put your m ark on sophisticated country living, relax by the fire beneath a vaulted ceilin g, 3 be­ droom, 2 bath and a lot of enioy. 
Assume $41,5oo 
REALTOR 
Call 349-4373 

Lovely 3 bedroom , 2 bath split le v e l b e d ro o m a rra n g e m e n t, c a th e d ra l c e ilin g s th ro u g h o u t 
Beautiful ayard. M id $ 4o's. 
349-3535 or 349-5111, anytim e 
By owner, in Camelot, 3 bedroom, 
2 bath, living room, large kitchen, tinnily room $32,5oo 653-36o1 
REALTQRS-5o Years at TRUST 
FORM AL DINING? See this Val lev Forge Beauty! Like new cjjr net throughout. Save your cash, cay nothing down, mo. ornts. Tike rem P riced under $4o,ooo. 
675 1691 
342 X435 
POINTER REAL ESTATE 

T h is ii 11-t mu* favorite tent d re ss by C h arles Le Mairej 
IN tied in W ith a w ide selM 'abrie b e lt. The ('nUlt ex—i len d s t<> form a stand-up ro lle r f a b ric s ; crep e, silk,: sb e er w ool, jersey , novelty coft ai. TOI att is rut only in M isses H alf S izes lO-IO'; tm J 
*!/.«• I'J-llL'ij 
’•(■quires 4 1 /2 y d s, «.f 4 -V * fabric. 
■» order: send pat-! tem numlter, siz e , nam e, ad d ress ai d zip. P rice *2.5o plus .'IOC p o*tJI£ c. 
(I 
Hi C entennial Issue of Sparfra H air fa s h io n s by World; fa m o u s H air S ty lists — over 75 r u n - u t d e sig n s, w ith inform ation on hair care and at-hom e sty lin g . *1 --ii' p o stp aid . Make cheek payable t«. Spadea. s ,.tKJ orders! to th is new spaper, c / c Spade a, I Bridge s t., Milford: 
\ . J . o*7548. D ept. 

By owner, in Woodlake, very nice, 
3-2-2, a ir-h e a t, a ll appl, ca rp e t, catnedral ceiling, covered patio, fenced, landscaped. E q u ity and assume $264. V A or refinance. 
661 7849_______________ 

REALTORS 
R E A LTORS-Lockhiil-Selma Ofc 
FIN E FA M ILY HOME. 3 7 2, g a r' den room, 2ox2o playroom , g a r­ den kitchen, beautiful trees, large lo t 824 45o7 

M AR K ETIN G SERVICE 
O wner m ust sell this e x q u is ite tow nhouse n p re s tig io u s a re a 
L iv e in the c o m fo rt of S u tton 
Place. R e frig e ra to r and drapes remain Reduced to $42,5oo Niles. 
732-3113 
349-4343 Anytim e 

E njoy d e lig h tfu l d a ily liv in g in this 3 bedioom home Double de­ tached garage with quarters. 
824-2486 
HARDY 8 CO, REALTORS 

REALTORS W ALZEM OFFICE 

H H CERRO ALTO 

SUNDAY 1-6 P.M. 

Lovely 3 bedroom, 2 both home in Churchill Area 
$33,5oo. 

 lier 
KEY GROUP 

° jncP 
GASE-BAKER 

J 
REALTY 

 l l 
69o-899o 

 i i L u u n i n . n L 1 1 u u __ i Comfortable M editerranean 3 %■), 
' on m e re c o rn e r lo t 
C overed 
FIRST fiFFFRHUH 
,ox2° DOf'° ♦'■"fed separate mas 
1 m o i u t I i l i u m ter bedroom suite, paneled fam ily 
■ M U T E WIOTA room, carpeted, drapes, kitchen m U n llt V lD I n a p p lia n c e s , c e n tra l a ir h e e l 
C h a rm in g c o tta g e on lo v e ly 
NEiSD. 3 Y r$- old $31,2oo Tomb street, living room with fireplace. 
QJsum e V A b a la n c e , $27,5J)o separate d in in g , la rq e kitch e n 
S27o-Mo. 656-3867 a fte r 5PM gad with breakfast area. 2-1. 732-1291, 
1 weekends No agents please 

CAROLYN GRAHAM 
R EALTOR 
826-8673 Anytim e covered Patio, 653 2981 _________ io v 'H i i a-, 11 >' «V)U l. - 
GRACIOUS livin g in E a rly Cen- 
ON a w a n t ad fury home. Now used as duplex tH i NUMtiR to CAH 
H istorical area, zoned O I. 

(xPRiss and n iw s 
WARD REALTY 
696-1545 

VA $26,5oo 
OR 
Assume present loan $183 per mo 
Please do not disturb occupants 
CALLAHAN HOMES INC 
656-4848 or 822-1216 

See this d e lig h tfu l, older home with room for grow ing fam ily. It has 5 la rge bedroom s. 4 baths, and quarters. Form al, living and dining room, study and a 3ox19 ti den. Overlooking a private polio under giant oaks 
828-6191, 
826-2924 

REALTORS-Blanco Rd Ole 
By owner, 31' ? I neat, clean, cent h e a ta ir , fe n c e d , s to ra g e , 
M acA rthur. $22,4oo or eauity and 
$158. 1o81o W ayward, 653-9$88 

T E R R ILL HILLS 
3 bedrooms, cathedral ceilings, on charm ing flowered m all. Oaks, pool 
MAC REAL ESTATE 828 2521 
TOWNHOME 
Prestigious M arym ont area. 2 be drooms, 2’ ? baths, balcony, patio, fireplace, low 4o s. 653-94o8 a fte r 5 
Anre) rrtUB WANT Ab--------- 
IN TMI I XPH H S NIWS 
CAU 225-1666 

REALTOR S-Wol zem Ofc 
CLEAN and painted 3-1-1 in NE 
(or under $2o,OOO No down paym t, little closing. G ilbert. 822 58o8 
O h io I UL r u l l t 
BY O W N ER . N E IS D, 3 2 2. Old 
Bv ow ner, pay eauity and $238 EOcm II, spacious liv in g a rco mo. 4 2-2, Available now 661 3756 
Perfect for plants. Fully carpeted 
----------------------------— 
— 
— 
— — see to a p p re c ia te A ssu m e or 
IHI a c tio n n u m b! p conventional, $39,5oo. 634-6133 to p (AST BISUITS 
BY 
O W N E R , 
N O R T H E R N pl ACI ro u p WANT AD 
H ILLS. 3-2-2. Fireplace, Assume in in t ix p p fss n iw s 
7°o or 
Refinance 
Conv 
Call 
CAH 22S 1666 
656-o)75. 

THI ACTION NUMB!P 
TOR I AST RISUITS 
Pl ACI TOUR WANT AD 
IN THI (XPRISS NIWS 
CAII 22S 1666 

IS 2 2 5 1 6 6 6 
(X P R I S S A N D N I W S 

^ 

O lse n alum inum body, 
3 5 o 
V 8 engine^ turbo h yd ram a tic autom atic tran sm issio n , p o w J 

 steering, A M pushbutton radio, 8 o o X 1 6 . 5 8 a ly 

 tires . . . * 7 7 5 4 8 o . 
J B K 

Turbo I' /dr a m at Ic autom atic tran sm issio n , £ 7 

1 4 w h ite stripe tires, cbrofne re a r bumper tenor decor# p a cka ge . 
A M pushbutton roc 
Crim so-* red . , . # 6 5 9 1 8 , 

 ll El CAMINO CLASSIE 
CONQUISTA 
oow%i(K’i|tOWet luiidow, intftBWtttel.windsr^:'wipii, att conditio, ml! cruise control! 3So V-8 on gii', pow# stewing, w -fM stereo Roily wheels, tilt wheel, GR7ox1S steel belted 

 bromals, brown its*tallk end buckskin, mony % r e optVp. * 
*6o6o 
★ CARS ★ 
CARS ★ k«oo*)ii6SftWft66%i 

’7 7 CAPRICE 
7 7 CHEVETTE 

4-door wtdan, color key* d soot belts, power door lock system, tinted glass, p o w # w indow s, body fid* m o l d i n g s , edge gucuds, air con ditioning, visor vanity mirror, Asport m inors, cruise control, 
3 o $ 
V -8 ^engine, turbo hydramptic transm &sion, tilt steering Jwh, *1, 
H alite.w all tire!, A M / P M ste reo radio, b u m p e d 
J^uauds, vinyl r o ^ cover, ^ 

P |• ^ o W ^ ^ ^ u ( f i ( r,«fltitfel(iss?l«d4# iRqldi nqs^jport mir­ rors, tonsol#, powpt brokes, powet steering, 45o en||M, six 

 cyktick' turbo hydJmotic tnui.nncdon, stwiikird (Huston system, whitewall lites heavy #)ty ^pilfer, raJly wheels, budlet seats X #7^o943. 

2 -d o o r 
H atch b a ck, .tinted g la ss, b o d y side m oldings, 
1.6 e n gin e , turb o hyd ram a tic transm ission, w heel trim rings, w hitew all tires, 

A M radio, b u m p e r rub strips, h e a v y duty 

L radiator, bucket se a ts . . . * 7 7 1 1 5 6 . 

BiiUiii aid 
’7 7 CHEVELLE 

 in, tinted g lo ss, b o d y side m o ld in gs, 
| in g ,^ p o w e r brake s, 2 5 o six cylin- 
B h y d r ® n o t ic transm ission, p o w e r 
M l^ h e e T co ve ts, radia l w hite w all ftfeiek d « M B a , e xterior d e cor 

4 -d o o r se d a n , tinted glass, b o d y side m o ld in ^ B air co n d itio n in g, 2 5 o engine, six cylinder, tu rb o 

 hyd ram a tic transm ission, p o w e r steering, full 

 w heel co ve rs, w hitew all tires, A M ra d io . . . 

* 7 7 1 2 4 3 . 

CONVENIENTLY DOWNTOWN: 
AUTOMOBILE SHOW ROOMS — 
1221 BROADW AY 
ENCLOSED TRUCK MALL — 
1121 BROADW AY 
223-4281 
OPEN UNTIL 9 P.M 

V ch,** C o u p ' . tinted m ass, c 

 m oldings,PFlooo QQQlw, d a c r e d * , ditionm g, sp o rt 
3 o 5 V 

 s t e e r e r p o w e r b ra ke s, tu transm ission! « 5 d i( # , # P § w a J | 

. anlet'"iu, r a ly w ta e ls,.e le c tric cl 

 b o d y side rds, air con- 

R e , p o w e r h y d ra m a tj* 

 witid'.hetcl 
* 7 7 U § 6 . 

# t d a r d i^ r is s r 6 r 
* m a % j e l e a r n sup, fire fly rn s y s f8 E | t e n n a ^ m e ta llic 

48 M O N TH 
FIN A N C IN G 
INSURANCE 

DUE TO SMITH S MATURE 
PRICING POLICY, ALL 
PRICES INCLUDE 
DESTINATION CHARGE 
AND DEALER 
PREPARATION. 

7311743AUTOMOBILES 
P a g e I 3 - D 
73o 743 AUTOMOBILES 
73o 743 AUTOMOBILES 
73o 743 AUTOMOBILES 
73o 743 AUTOMOBiliS ^ a n A n t o n io E X P R E S S - N E W S — 
S u n d a y M a y 8 I 9 7 7 
73o 743 AUTOMOBILES 
73o 743 AUTOMOBILES 

 nm 

Lu 

’77 BLAZER 
'T I 
Vt SILVERADO CAMPER SPECIAL 

A ir cond itioning, stainless steel m irrors, locking 

 differential 4 5 4 V -8 engine, turbo hydram atic, au xilia ry fuel tanks, p o w e r w in d o w s, p o w e r 

 d oor locks, M a rin e r blue a n d light blue, m uch 

 more. * 7 7 5 2 7 2 
*6825 

/ 
1 
- t 
\ 

*7 7 ________ 
SCOTTSDALE Vt TON 
Trailering, special equipm ent, front & rear air, speed 
& cruise control, 
3 5 o 
V -8 , turbo hyd ram atic, rally w heels, 3 I -gar. fuel tank, steel belted radial, m uch m ore. S t # * 7 7 5 5 9 o , 
*7765 

*77 BLAZER 
3-possenger rear seat, air, locking differential, 3o5 V-8 engine, turbo hydramatic, skid plates, dual exhaust, power steering, chrome front & rear bumpers, Semist green with white top, buckskin custom vinyl interior and more. Stk * 
7 7 5 3 6 4 . 
______ 
______ 
*7o75 

3 5 o 
V 8 , 
4 sp eed , locking differential, air, 

 pow er steering, A M radio, 1o o o X 1 5 on & off- roa d tires. A n d m ore. Stk. * 7 7 5 5 o 6 . 
*7295 

SUBURBAN </i TON 

 sd ale equlf'm .'ht conter a n d rear seat, ba nt 

 id rea r air c ■■ in stainless it-** I ...... 
3 o 5 V - 8 tenpin!*, lur bb H yd am atir transm ission, 

3 1 g a llo p fuel taak, special ^ iw o tone paint, 

 trailer!rni special equipm ent, R u sse t metallic and 

 buckskin a n d moire . , . # 7 7 * 5 6 2 I . 

’77 VEGA 

2 -d o o r 
H a tch b a ck, tinted gla ss, dura-built 
1 4 o engine, 
4 sp e e d transm ission, w hite stripe tires, w indshield antenna, h e a vy duty radiator, bucket seats. Stk. * 7 7 1 2 8 3 
*34o3 

’77 I -TON BIG DOOLEY tamper special equipment, air conditioned, heavy duty power brakes, 454 V8 engine, 4-speed transmission, auxiliary fuel tanks, power steering, duo! rear wheels, cargo lamp, AM pushbutton radio, 75ox16 8-ply tires, conventional two tone paint and mote, russet metallic, host white, buckskin vinyl in ­ terior. Stk. * 7 7 5 2 1 3 . 
*659o 

’7 7 NI 
2-door Towne Coupe, tinted gloss, opening moldings, air conditionin transmission, power steering, whitewall fiieSf'windthfctt en tenna, dura-built 2.3 engine, sport equipment, btttksWpxit! 
. *7711o1. mmsW jSSIF j 

“ 
3 4 2 - 9 3 9 3 
S son antonio 
H homeowners 
Ai association 

C E N T U R Y 2 1 

/ v 
3 4 2 - 9 3 9 3 
Sf son antonio 
H homeowners 
A association 

? 1 I - M B B W T K M T l? 1 ? - H IIM fS WflBTHWEST 
2 1 2 
HOMESHO BTHW tgT 
2 1 ? 
H8MES W W H n K S T 
2 1 2 - H O M tl HWTHWEST 
Son Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday May 8 I 977 
2 1 fl 
HOUSES WOfmyEAST 

21o 
HOUSES WORTHEAST 
21D 
HOUSES N88TWEAST 
S IH w oad green. N e o u o M v in g , 
Bay equity and assum e *23* *-2-2, c a rp e te d . v e r y n e a t 
H E L E N 
S T A N G E L R E A L T Y 4 *1 4 1 9 ? m te* **1-3173_____________________ 
Y O U R M O V E 

ATTENTION- RRST 
SHOWING 

COUNTRY ATMOSPHERE 

IN OLMOS RASK 
Amena tweeting tree?, an 
^prinkwred 
VS one with sparkling pool and spate fat north-south tennis courts totally charming and der- orstsd rn eigimitp taste 
Mast hospitable 
IO den, wetter. Comfortable family living and foimol en­ tertaining rn this 4 bedroom, 
?"? both plus quarters. See this todov 
INGLISH DESIGN 

Estate grounds, 
Antient tie *' 
Not*—A classically beautiful 2 stoiy Tudor on s bibulous treed atte S 3 '? 2, gameroom 
3 fireplaces 
TERNIS COURT Central heot, on AH Schools. 

126-2347 REALTORS 

NEW LISTING 
El DORADO 
1223o MADRIGAL 
2 story family home with master bedroom ana hath doom; also 4 bedroom and 2 both up; end of quiet cut de-sot; family roam with brephic e; space for pool in large fenced backyard 
PRI C E REDUCED 
OLMOS PARK 
714 E. OLMOS 
Mediterranean elegante on torge landscaped lot 4 bedrooms, jar 3 plus sitting), and 3 lull baths up large sepa'ote dining room, high railings, quarters with baths; owner finance at low interest 

 tote 

B I L L Y F E L L O W S 
69o-922o 492-1351 

NORTHEAST 

NORTHWOOD ARIA - ’ i atm leaded with pectin, fruit and shade trees! hnmatulat#, large 3 bedroom home with ? baths, liymg-drning combo and family room at 68o6 Vandiver REDUCED 
- 
W S O 
822 58o6, 
342- 
R3R3 
UVE OAK — ft Sam only IO minutes away hem this 4 2 2 with 1764 sg ft! large hilltop lot with no building behind * country feeling1 A must see af 
7841 Village Oak S3S Soo- 6S6- 
2747, 342-9393 
KIRBY 
- 
APPRAISED 
AT 
S29.9oO1 
But. owner asking 
$29,4oo lot this outstanding 3 bedroom home with 
16*31 family room, supet sttteo in­ tercom, water softener, indirect lighting ond lovely landscaped lot1 Con ot come by SI 18 Crown lone! 661 3925 342 9393 
LICENSEo BROKERS 

REDUCED FOR QUICK 
SALE! 
NO 
CITY 
TAXES* ttAUTIFUl 
3 bedroom homo with SPAC*oU5 
23*18 family room 
COVERED 
PATIO, PENCEo. DRAPES, STOVE & 
Rf ERIGERATOP 
REMAIN1 
Hear 
Kelly 
Rites 
341-o416 
S34 OOO OO 

OFF RIGSBY lO Vfir IOO'-* BRICK home with 3 bed'oomv 2 baths, EIREPIAC! in 
LARGE family room 
TREES, 
ERCIoSEo BREEZEWAY S BUILT IN 
BSQ1 Mites 656 ooo7. $43,8oo.oo 
PRICED UNDER 
APPRAISAL 
Only $18,1oo for NICE 3 bedroom home 
All 
NEW 
CARPET 
THROUGHOUT! Only one blk. from 
POOL! Rear lark land- Kelly VA, 
EHA Niies 241 o416 
NEW! 
In LARKSPUR 75°» BRICK, FULLY 
CARPETED, 3 bedroom 
2 bath home with BEAUTIFUL FIREPLACE in the family room EAST TO SEE! 
Nitss 656-ooo7 $43,ooo OO 
DON T MISS. .. 
This FULLY CARPETED 3 bedroom. 
? both home in live Oak. Assume 
IGW EQUITY 8 S259 monthly rn refinance. 
Rites 
656-ooo7 
$29,9oo OO 

BETTER THAN NEW! 
3 bedroom, IVY bath home with 
All IMPROVEMENTS MADE! CON 
VENIfNT TO SCHOOLS TOO' Nits I- 
438 71o2 Near Kelly $24,5oo.oo 

SUN FORREST 
BARGAIN! 
I bedrooms, 
LOW 
EQUITY 
A 
ASSUME 515 8 monthly 
CENTRAL 
AIR 8 
HEAT 
TOO!* 
Occupancy 
NOW' Hites 73 5 -6/ 14 , 5 17,5 o o 
LAST CHANCE for the 
LAST ONE 
3 bedroom, 
V ft bath 
REW 
T OENHOME of! 
RITTIMAN1 
NO 
CONDO 
EEE" 
CHOOSE 
COUR 
CARPET COLOR' VA, 
EHA 
Rita* 

653-9596 5 3 5 .175 oo 
CONVENIENT TO 
WINDSOR MALL! 
3 bedroom, 2 both. LARGE MASTER 
BEDROOM' 
EMPLACE in living room 
(ORNER 
LOT! BEAUTIFUL 
CARPET! Rites 653-9596. $39,5oo. 
FRESHLY PAINTED 
4 bedroom, 2 both heme with finished garage BELOW MARKET 
VALUE' QUICK' POSSESSION Niles 

653 9596 $3 1,9 5 o oo 
L O V E L Y 
BEAUTIFULLY 
REDECORATED, 
PULLY CARPETED 
2 bedroom NE home with SUN ROOM AU WIN 
DOW 
TREATMENTS 
8 
WASHER 
REMAIN1 LOVELY VARO TOO! Rites 

655 8 79 1 533,5oo 

1 3-7-2, C arpeted, cen tral a ir neat, 
, low equity, m ake otter. Colt ofter 
I SPM, 133-37$;. 

! 
Wo o d l a k e J U an c o r n e r ’ 
Ne down a n yo n e 1 Luxury e arly 
Am erican ' > prick living dining 
I combo, fam ily m om , apptianced garden kifcnen w ith b reakfast area, law sh aq, and m a re only 
USO m onth Call ta wee now! 
34* SSM H a rt M cC orm ick 344-?9*»3 
W O O D LA K E 
3-2-7 with ne down paym ent, cleo­ me cast only *545 c a ll for d e ta il*! 
* » tlO J 
G R E A T A M E R IC A R E A L T O R S 
1x43 LIN E S A T T E N T IO N F IR S T 
1 X 3 ', OLM O S P A B K M a n js a m * J story rock L arqe corner lot with 
AH School bus s ex ev ic p ia s te r w alt*, living room with fireplace, separate dining, ie lode kitchen, 
I sitting room oft m a s te r, p re tty pool. 3 2'? p lu s q ts , 7 33 -8 94 *, 
824-5279 Q U IE T LO C A TIO N Brick hem e on lovely let in out of the 
I way soot, treshlu painted 3-2' ?x, 
I 2 firep laces 
82* 3718, 8 6 6 3349 
C O N T E M P O R A R Y C O M F O R T 
Unusual split lave in T e rre ll Hills. 
Glassed solarium e n try , larqe liv­ ing areas, garden room . Com ple­ tely new k itc h e n 
3 2. 824-i279, 
824* 3718 R E D U C E D TO S E L L 
F re s h ond o p e n , b e a u t if u lly maintained hom e, 
X T e r r e ll H ill*, 3 patios fa r in door outdoor e n te rta in in g . 1-2. 
82* 1349, 
7 1 3 -8 9 4 * 
B A S IC 
C H A R M in need of TLC . Living room with fireplace, dining room, 
J I plus aoeest house with both 
2o s. 828-1962, 824-5279____________ 

REALTY WORLD 
REALTY WORLD 
MAGNIFICENT! 
5 bedroom, 3 l f both, em otive home, with elf th* mony footer** you expert Ie find in a luxury home located on a high comer with g'ont ook trees end pro fusional landscaping. Ask about the highlights of this home! Rites 342- 
5554 or 735 1535 
“ WIFE PLEASER*' 
Very neat 3 bedroom, 2 bath with central heot and air, formal dining and fenced yard. 
Remake! refiigerotoc included of only 
523,9oo Rites 349 3o52. 
DOLL HOUSE 
This 3 bedroom bos fresh point in­ side ond out, very nice carpet, 
(overed polio, fenced yard PIUS a 
12*8 storage loom. Only 522.9oo. 
Rites 656-o333. 
REALTY WORLD 
BILL SOUTHERN 
3 4 3 - 4 1 7 7 

’ A W orld o f Diffortmce fo r m em bership information 

349-o168, San Antonio 
(713 ) 622-39o1, Regional 
DEllCREST 
FULLY CARPETED 3 bedroom. V 't bath home with LARGE living room, 
WINDOW 
GUARDS, 
BBG. 
NKE 
CORNER 
LOT! 529,9oo oo 
Nites 656-ooo7 
ALAMO HOTS—TMI 

Rock Rambler on tree studded lot Shutters, pegged ook Hoots contribute to beautiful amenities of this unusual home, forge living room, separate din mg room gourmet kitchen and upstairs hideaway Coll for mote details 
824-o213 
COOK CO. Rf AITORS 

HOME ON A CORNER 
QUALITY 
PIUS is this NEW 
3 bedroom, 2 bath home PANELED fumily loom! FINISHED garage1 
VA, 
EHA 
51oo.oo moves rn qualified VA buyer 
Northwest 
Noes 653-3675 $34,625.oo 

ABSOLUTELY 
SPOTLESS! 
GARDEN AREA 8 FRUIT TREES TOO1 
(lose to 
WINDSOR 
MAU 
3 bedrooms, I bath All of this for 
ONLY $22,95o OO! Nites 653-9596 

TRADE IN your old house fo r a 

 new off brick hom e 
EASY TO DO: 

Y ou pick one o f our new 
Homes ond we take your old house in trod e 
N o bother, no double paym ents 

C o ll to d a y on how to trade in your o ld house on a new oil brick home. 
659-o471 

S E X E S 

OH El Sendero. centro' heot-qir, fenced y a rd . b u ilt-in stove and dishwasher 
Buy eauity a r refm once at 522.9oo 344-3471,65* 4528 
BOB B O E N E W R E A LTO R S 
L O V E L Y North Central 3 2 2 with side e n try g a ra g e S eparate liv ­ in g , d in in g a n d d e n 
A la m o 
Heights Schools. 553,ooo Call now 
I N T E R S T A T E 828 o755 til 8 pm 

Lowly 2 Story Rock in M a c A r th u r T e r r a c e . 4 B e ­ droom s, fantastic storage, m any e x t r a s ! O v e r 249o sa tt ; on 
Cul-de-sac. Low AO * 

OAK PARK ESTATES 

Flegont family Home 5 bedrooms 

 plus quarters Master suite with 

 library or sitting room adjoining. 

Separate living room, forma! din 

 mg room and brand new kitchen 

Over 4ooo sq. ft of comfort ond 

 beauty AH Schools 

BARKEY SQUARE 
LILY OF THE VALLEY 

Secluded neiqhboihood, full of beautiful shade trees, 3 comfonobie bedrooms, 2 full boths, seporcte bv mg ond fomily oleos, bteckfost oreo in modem kitchen Central heot on, covered polio, fenced. Low 3o s. VA fHA. or easy, easy terms 

Buck 
3 2 2 living and dining room, family room with fireplace, built in kitchen, central heal and air, lame lot with fats of oaks, low 55o s. tor a aface in Cam ote! 17 N ice 3 b e d ro o m , 2 b a th h e m e w ith country kitchen. N ew paint inside, near school, m a ll and Churches 
*32,9oo. 
653*435o 
8 2 4 -o 2 1 3 

COOK CO. REALTORS 

El Dorado v< rock ond (odor 3 2 
2, living, dining and fomily coom, centrol heot ond on, covered patio, built in kitchen (oil today 

494-5571 
MITES 695-318o 

R E A L T O R 
BOB MCGINNIS 
REALTORS l 349-6211 

828-6391 A n y tim e 

RE A LTO S S-W olzem P ie 

M L W C A R P E T IN G an d fre s h paint decorate this 3 bedroom , 2 bath hom e, located on a Cut de 
Sac! All appliances p retty yard 
522.95o 
R E A L T O R S 
824 9*31 
I 
SPECIAL REDUCED 
I 
| 
PRICE 
| 

| ONLY \ I LEFT | 

| 
A 
T 
$ 
4 
4 
, 2 
o 
o 
| 

 s Extra forge wooded '/s acre wood 3 
£ id lot 4 2-2 features; banderol- * 
Z ted wood burning fireplace plus 3 
5 wall to wail carpeting, Magic Chef 3 s all electric kitchen, electric 3 
S garage door opener, full energy 3 
S saving package with ail brick con s 
3 ^ruction. located in prestigious 5 
5 OAK CREEK. Conventional finan- 3 
3 aug with 5% down. These homes § s wifi not be ovoilable for s5le b < A s z few days. Coft today x 
I TOM HOTMAN I 
I DOUG HOWARD I 

I 
6 8 4 - 3 1 1 2 
I 

R e a l t o r s N E L o o p o f t 
C on v e n ie n tly h e a te d To R A F # . 
1932 Sa Ft. of living a re a * Be­ d ro o m s . 2 b a th s , liv in g d in in g room, fa m ily room w ith fireplace, w a ll to w a ll c a rp e t. P a tio and double garage. P riced at *49,45o on open term s 
658 -3 53 5 A n y t im e 

LOW E Q U IT Y A ND a s s u m e 
VA loan an lovely 3 bedroom , 2 bath hom e 
N e ar W indsor P ark 
M all. No qualifying 
RO UG H 
R ID E R 
R E A L T Y , 
__________ *54 7131______________ 

IT’S SUMMERTIME! 
CHOOSE FROM THESE oUTSTAN 
DING 
HOMES 
IN 
CHOICE 
HW 
LOCATIONS 
AND 
BE 
IN 
THE 
SWIM BY JUNE. 
OAK HIUS This 4 bedioom, 3 both bi level features a forge gomemom os welt os its beautifully 
Inndstaped 
34*16 
HEATED Pool. 574.9oo 
SHAVANO PARK, tranquil seclusion is the setting for this spacious custom-built 3 bedroom, 2 vt bath home with its lorge HEATED Pool 
(abona and lovely Redwood deck complete the picture! $79,9oo. 
OAK CREEK NW English Tudor. 5 bedrooms, 
3’/? luxury baths, formal areas plus enormous fireploced den 
2ox4o HEATED 
Pool. Beoutifull! $97,ooo 
OAK GLEN near Churchill Hi. 3 bedrooms, 2 baths, fireploced den. Landscaped and fenced pool area 553,5oo. 
REALTORS 
691-13oo 

B E A U T IF U L L A K E S ID E 
Something ipettoHI 
3 bedrooms, 2 decorator both*. forma! living or dining room plus saaclews den. with large fireplace, appliance*, privacy fence. Call to *ee fbi* carpet­ ed beauty. 
Convenient ta 
Kelly and 
Lackland. 
Nites 
8 2 6 -7 6 6 8 . 

L O W L O W E Q U IT Y 
Immaculate and spacious describes this 4 -3 -2 beauty In 
Lakeside. 
Law equity cmd assume 
*3 2 4 monthly payments. 
This won’t lost tong. Nites 656 -4 78 1 . 

OAT OO MIGHT 
6 5 5 - 6 8 4 8 

1*3o7 H A L IF A X , Fox Run 
C fi 
N a c o g d o c h e s , n e a r 1Ao4 
4 2 brick, landscaped corner lot. Roy 
Leslie 
Co 
822 7o14. 
734 7244, 
*53 4 
2 
o 
7 
____________________ 

WAKEFIELD REALTORS 
1-2-2, Austin Stone, 176o sa. tt. in 
S h a v a n o 
P a r k on 
I a c re s . 
Owner's anxious. O nly *82,5oo 
494-5281 
494-2943 
H ILL C O U N T R Y R E A LTO R S 
NORTHWEST 
H A N D S O M E b r ic k a c e d a r hom e in w a lk in g d is ta n c e at e le m e n ta r y s c h o o l, h a s 4 be brooms, J boths, living and fam ily rooms 
534.ooo 
R E A C TO R S 
*53 7341 
Oeanie Owens Go 
R E A LTO R S -R ondolph Ofc 

Red Horse Manor 

COMI OUT TO 
HIGH COUNTRY 
Hohve stone home with courtyard entry 4 bedrooms, 2 baths large paneled den with fireplace, cover od polio. Call tor more 548,5oo 
Riles 656 6332 
THI GLEN 
Easy assumption on this 
3 bedroom, 
2 both 
Carpeted, cathedroi ceilings in kitchen ond living room. Only 525,ooo Nites 
655 2394 
NAYLOR REALTY 
GALLERY OF HOMES 
6 5 6 - 5 5 3 o 
3 4 1 . 9 1 9 1 
6 9 1 .1 1 3 1 

4918 NEWCOM! - OMN HOUSE SUN 2-7, 
— heutfful «>*♦) fluent 

 spacious (onfempofofy home with open* 

Stairway one large Irving area fireplace t * # 1 

 dining areas and city skyhne vie* fran* 

 sunken polio and balcony* A must $e*r 

MA, *>oo 34? 9393 

13o AUX. HAMILTON — Over I SOO sq ft 

 of living area in tim charming and e* 'u 

 reliantly maintained 3 ?-2, phis ? carports!y 

Formal hying and dining rooms, fireplace 

 and gorgeous ack 
Hoofs! 
ILOUCLD 
— 

S33 9oo* 34? 9393 

ROLLING RIDGE - Ibis doctor s 4 ? ? t 

!QG% brick home may be just whot yau're ■ 

 looking fo r1 Living dmmg combo, family, 

 room, lovely covered patio, Huge shade freest 

 and over ?,ooo sg ft of luiury' SSI.4oo 

484-8869, 34? 9393 

9911 OMENA COURT — Colonies North n* 

 where you!! find this cut de soc beauty! Tht^ 

3 2-2 has formal living and dining plus^ 

I Si 16 family room, fireptoce ond built ia i 

 china cabinet in breakfast oreo $44,3oo ap 

 praised 696-4599 342-9393 

483o LAM KIN — Everything bu* a cook n y 

 this skylighted kitchen! Lovefy 3 2 2 home, 

 in Raffing Ridge offers 3 sepo»ate livings 

 areas sprmkler system and iovered patio lo * 

$4?,SOO' 684 79o3 342 9393 

OAK 
HOLLOW 
ESTATES 
- ta bu *** 

 floorplon' One large Ruing area. fireplace./ 

 formal dining, olpine ceilings perfect en 

 refrainment home located at 2o34 Ook Visto 

SS6 9oo 34? 9393 

LICENSED BROKERS 

By owner Law pvm tst Must see lo appreciate *35,2oo. *73-2828. 
A D U L Y L IV IN G ! Be the firs t To see this 2 bedroom , 2' ? bath Con­ do in Enchanted V illage Separate d in in g , a n d c h e e r fu l k ifc n e n . 
English Tudor style w ith a park tike setting of native oaks. Priced to sell at 
*38,5oo. 
494-7*51 
A N Y T IM E 

Almost 7*oo sa ft of living area, 4 bedroom s, 2' ? boths, den w et b ar, central vac 
*55 513! anytim e 
R E A LTO R S 
V IR G IN IA C E R V E N K A 

L a r g e 3 b e d ro o m h o m e w ith separate living, dining and fam ily room 
Biq y ard with m ony trees 
545,5oo 
653 435o 
B e a u tifu l te r r a c e d y a r d w ith planters, flowing fountains am ong oak trees, com plem ent this 4 be droom 2 bath, 2 story hom e. M a s ­ ter bedroom suite dow nstairs with doors to patio, plus larg e closet 
Spacious kitchen w ith b re a k fa s t area , sitting room upstairs Call for appointm ent 
6 5 8 -3 53 5 A n y t im e 

R E A L T O R S W oltem Ole 
Living in a welt built 2 story home, with cathedral ceilings, an excel lent floor plan, form al living and din in g , ’ ? b lk fro m M a c A r th u r cmd swim club, w alk to elem en- 
'a rv schools and shopping 3 7' ?-2, 
<41 OOO 828 235*. ow ner agent 

N E W 
L IS T IN G ! 
L o w 
E q u ity ! 
This 3 bedroom home Is located a c ro s s fr o m 
C le a r 
S p rin g 
E le m e n ta ry School. N ew fence, storage in garage. 
524.5oo 
824-o171 

I m o r t a r * 
■ o u t h w w r t 

 r e a l t y 
Let us show you This a ttractive J bedroom . 7 bath townhom e with c o m p le te Iv e q u ip p e d k itc h e n . 
Convenient to Randolph. Ft Sam ond W in d s o r P o r k M a ll 
Im m ediate occupancy 
For deiails and view ing. call 
*53-o57o 
Anytim e 

R E A LTO R S -5o Y ea rs of TR U ST ll Lackland Beamy 
RE A LTO R S -R andolph Ofc 

R E F U R B IS H E D , re d e c o r a te d home in OAK FO R E S T has huge fire p la c e in on enorm ous, open liv in g a r e a ! B e a m e d c e ilin g s thruouf! 4 bedroom s, 2 boths and a kitchen with new. built-in appliances 
*59,5oo 
R E A L T O R S 
824 9*31 

All brick 3-2-1, O kla h o m a stone fireplace. S pacious *o ft. living- fa m ily a re d , c a rp e te d , fe n c ed , m a n y e x tr a s . O w n e r . T e rm s open. *73-1592 o r 228-o8oo 7523 
Westfield D r 
____ 

So c o n ve n ien t to a ll 3 s ch o o l*. 
Custom b u ilt, c o n te m p o rary de­ sign. 3 bedroom s, 2 fam ily room s, separate dining roam , e xcellent condition and vacant. 
*67,ooo 
344-8348 
Grace Arnold 
R E A LTO R S M LS________ 

Custom built 3 2 2, rock home on large lot, loft gam e room , opens to w ood d e ck o v r lo o k m q lo rg e ranch 
E nergy package top line a p p lia n c es w ood b u rn in g tire olace 7' .'‘’•a ss u m p tio n available. 
No city taxes, m ony m ore extras. 
494 14o1 494 3o17 

R E A LTO R S 
N E W L IS T IN G in C A M E L O T ll 
Walk to schools ond shopping. 3 bedroom (s p lit), 2 baths, 2 living a reas dining room Open beam ed c e r in g * 
On q u ie t c u l-d e -s a c 
538,9oo 494 7*51 A N Y T IM E 

L U X U R Y B R IC K 3-2-2 only 55oo 
High brick colum ns separate big 
(am ity room from living room, low shag thruout, dinette arco in apollo need garden kitchen, utility roam , terraced privcy fenced yard, and m ore, Roosevelt 
D istrict (or only *315 m onth' 
341 55*4 H a rt M cC orm ick 344-2993 

 u sH o m e 
A N E W L IS T IN G ' J u s t *37 5o down, fatal p rice $44 OOO. In John 
Marshall Meadows. 3-2-2. 
684-4211, P IO N E E R R E A L T Y 
AN G E LE S H E IG H T S -R o c k, 3 be dream s, 2 baths, fire p la c e , cen­ tral heat-air. N e a r bus. 733-7141, 
344-1*33 

(A DAILY DIP) 
Con now become your routine in- rtead of o dream 
This 4o*2o heated pool is not the only extra bere 
Spacious all brick 
4 bedioom plus 
16*12 study, 3 boths, automatic sprinklers. many oilier extros. 576,5oo. Call fro nt Rotonda 341 9191, Niles 
344 1932 
NAYLOR REALTY 
GALLERY OF HOMES 
341 9191 
691 1171 
656 552o 

ELAINE LUDWIG 8 ASSOC 
R ealty 
W o rld 
ROSOW £ KLINE 
R E A L TORS 5o Years Of TRUST 

NEW PAINT IN ANO OUT 

P R IC E R E D U C E D 
Flow ered, bricked arbor en try to this brick one story. 4-3-2, exciting glassed fam ily room (F P ), living, dining, bre ak fa st room . E le c tric thruou t. S prtnkiersvs. N e a r the m alls *73,5oo 824-2347. 

JEFFERSON JACKPOT! 
NOTHING DOWN! 

Old Fashioned 
DREAM 
HOME beneath huge, shade dees lorge room dimension throughout 
3 bedrooms. 2 baths, living room, separate dining and family rooms fenced 'A acre, fireplace heater. 

T here s a la rg e dining room in ib is a ttr a c tiv e 3 b e d ro o m , 2'? bath hom e n e ar N.S 
M a ils and busline G ara g e rem odeled into a huge studio or fam ily roam You’ll love the redone kitchen and ex celtenf storage M ony e xtras Call tor details 
M id 
*3o s 
N ITE S 
824-44*o 
878 563* 
R E A L T O R S 
M LS 

C o m p o s R e a lty 
Vacant 
4 bedroom 
I living arco fireplace • alm ost new - corner lot ■ tented 
N O R T H E A S T SCHOOLS 
Easy assum ption low eauity 
8% loan 
*9o 93*o 
347 428* 
C L IN T W E IL B A C H E R 

Rock trim I I I VA $17,ooo 
828 o*45 
736 176* 
734 4117 
W ATSO N & SON R E A L T O R S 
NO OO W N lo anyone, new list of 
G overnm ent approved ■ financed hom es 
3-4 bedroom s 
Some ap phone** First paym ent July 
222 9414TER R A R E A L T Y 2 4 HRS 
N O R T H E A S T S C H O O LS 1 Young 
3 b e d ro o m hom e needs young fa m ily ! L iv in g room plus den patio in pretty, fenced yard 
*22,9oo 
R E A LTO R S 
494-7771 

A P R IC E R E D U C T IO N 

S ta te ly 1 9 i ‘ B r ic k h o m e 
M a g n ific e n t m a q a h o n y ond oak w alls rn p a rlo u r, liv in g and dining room s Im pressive rn ill w o rk o n d fir e p la c e . 
Q u arter saw ed oak, m a rb le , ond Saltillo tile floors Centrol heat air 
Too m any e xtra s to mention *139.ooo 
732 2536 or 826-1393 

2 Acre* with 15o ook trees, horse staHs, and a beautiful rock home. 
Large fam ily roam w ith fireplace. 
Entertain art the over-sized patio. 
CaH now. O w ner anxious. 
Century 21 
Schneider Realty_________*84-72oo 

FEALTY WORLD] 
A W o rld o f D iffere n ce 
I 

For m em ber .hip in fo rm atio n I 
349-o168, San Antonio I 

(713) 622 -3 9o ), Regional 
( 

M I L I T A R Y T R A N S F E R 
Is causing this 4 bedroom home to be o ffere d 
L a rg e liv in g dining plus large den ond kitchen over looking oool and fenced y ard that is la n d s c a p e d lik e show hom e 
You won t h a v e to w art fo r o c ­ cupancy 824-o171 

E x c lu s iv e C h a r te r O a k s . G o r ­ geous 3 b edroom - lu x u ry hom e w ith a h o b b y ro o m a r o ffic e . 
O P E N L IV IN G A R E A , fireplace, d e lig h tfu l k itc h e n w ith d o u b le oven, custom drapes. Ail in L IK E 
N E W C O N D IT IO N . 341-72o1 
O L IV E B IZ Z E L L E 

BOB MCGINNIS 
REALTORS 
V 349-62M 
C o m tem p o ra ry lu x u ry in this 3 bedroom , 3 both hom e, open floor plan, trem endous co rn er location. 
S uper E a s t V illa g e 3-3-1, huge m a s te r b e d ro o m , c o u n tr y k it ­ c h e n , c a r p e t, d e n , n ic e y a r d , covered patio. V A -FM A 
By O w ner, A dam s H ill, 2 Story 
4-2' ?-2, dining roam , living room , fam ily room w ith fireploce, eat in kitchen, central air-heat, covered patio, m a n y e x tra * . 2,ooo sq.ft. 
Assume 73< VA loon pius equity, no agents. *73-4942______________ 
BY O W N E R , beautiful 3 bedroom , 
2 bath, living room and paneled den . 
A s s u m e 
*1 7 7 m o n th ly paym ent, plus *23,5oo e q u ity or purchase for only *38,5oo. 712* 
o situ. *84-29o7.____________ 

Bv owner, 3 bedroom hom e, new carpet, window guards, stove, re- frig w ith ice, dishwasher, covered patio, fenced yard. E quity $45oo. 
Assume 7% $159 mo or 523,8oo 
684-o998, 684-334*._________________ 
By O w ner: Colonies North area. 
G reat buy on fully equipped 3-2-2 fam ily home. *39,5oo. 344-3869 
BY O W N E R , Custom 3-2 2, S E N ­ 
E C A E S T A T E S in L E O N V A L ­ 
L E Y , 195o s q .ft., la rg e den, tp, separate living- dining, bk nook, spacious m a s te r b e droom w ith dressing room , lots of b u ilt-ins, fence vord, cowered patio. *53,9oo 
Assume or refinance convention- al. *81-1877. No agents.___________ 
By Owner- Forest G len. U Stucco, corner lot. 3-2-2, tre es , p riv a c y fence patio. *7,3oo e a u ity , F H A 
74. or *34,ooo. 681-172* 
________ 

Bv owner. Forest G len, 3-2-2, Ige c o v e re d p a tio , s to r a g e s h ed beautiful v o rd , *31,1oo. N othing down V A o r equity ond assum e 
*2o* mo. *84-7823 att * . 3o-all day weekends.________________ _ 

B e a u tifu l 3,o19 s a. ft. e n e rg y saver home w ith a super view on 
.82 acres 
F o rm a l dining, single living ared w ith fireplace, study, and gorm et kitchen 
Ail tor 
*74,5oo 
699-1ooo A n y tim e 

House for sale. sm all eauity. Call 
o74 731 1 
1447 G IBBS ______________ 
D O N 'T JU S T D R IV E B Y ! YOO w ould m iss m any s p e c ia l fe a ­ tures! F o rm a l living and dining ro o m s , k in g s iz e d d e n , 3 b e ­ d room s, 2 baths, e x tra sto ra g e building in re ar. All iii excellent condition tor 
$32,5oo. 
824-o121 
A N Y T IM E 

Van Buren & Assoc 
822-1154 
Since 1945 
822-1532 
R E A L T O R S 
C H A R T E R O AKS ..custom built hom e w ith 4 bedroom s (m a s te r suite d o w n s ta irs ), study and o large, form al living roam ...fam ily room w ith cathedral ceiling, fire ­ place! Big p a tio ! 
$72,ooo. 
R E A LTO R S 
494-4811 

-Ar Ar ★ ★ ★ , 
- 
EXECUTIVE 
I 1 
I COUNTRY ESTATES J 

J * I acre * 3 bedioom * wood 4* 
J burning fireplace 
* coveted J patio * many exiles * quiet ♦ 
4 country living with all the city'9* 
♦ conveniences * no city foxes * "K 
♦ one of a kind * wooded lot * 4 t 
^ purchase before puce increase 
-Re 
* * a bargain S62.8oQ 
4 t if 
VA financing available. 
4* 

J 
C a l! 
J 
+ 
TOM HOTMAN 
* 
* 
DOUG HOW ARD 
* 
J 
684-3113 
J 
J 
1646 ROB ROY + 

Bv O w ner 3 2-2, HOO sq It - single liv in g a r e a , d in in g , fir e p la c e , corner tot, disconnected garage, covered breezew ay 
543,2oo 
653 3o*4_________ 
_ _ _ _ _ _ _ 

R O O S E V E L T 
H IG H . . im ­ m a c u la te , tr a d itio n a l ho m e in 
W IN D C R E S T has 3 bedroom s 2 baths, living dining room s and paneled taaiiv room s! 
G reat yard! 
*54,9oo. 
R E A L T O R S 
824-9*31 

•o have vour own sw im m ing pool tor the hot dovs around A super 3 bedroom. 2 bath home w ith living room plus fam ily room goes with it and it s priced a? only 546,5oo 
Niles 878 8597 

S p a c io u s h o m e of q u a lit y construction, 3 or 4 bedroom s, 3 b a th s , lu x u ry k itc h e n , p ric e d below replacem ent, *112,ooo W ill consider sm aller hom e in trade. 
494-739o, 822-7155. 344-4359________ 

F IR S T O F F E R IN G 
A d o ra b le 2 b e d ro o m c o tta g e , fresh point inside and out, dark stained h a rd w o o d flo o rs , lorge living room w ith fireplace, sepal a te d in in g ro o m p lu s s tu d y 
Large Ollie adoptable tor expan sion 
C all C a ro ! Case for app t. 
822 5228 828-5*71 
Strauder Nelson Realty 

R E A LTO R S -Turtle Creek Ole 
BABCOCK N O R T H 
Neat as a pin. 3-2-2, on landscaped c o rn e r lo t! 
O N E 
L IV IN G , fireplace, eat in kitchen w ith coo p erto n e a p p lia n c e s . P a tio and privacy fenced y ard M id 3o’s. 
69o -9 8o 2 

T H E G L E N A n y o n e c a n b u y . nothing down. 3-2-2, a p p lia n c es . 
$27o Paym ent. *3oo total m ove in. 
F irst paym ent July. 
*74 612*________ R A E R eal Estate 
Century 21 d esirable neighborhood, conven­ ie n t to schools a nd c h u rc h e s . 
Must see This 3 bedroom . 2 bath home P riced to sell now, *35.5oo 
Call now. 
824-2391 ( A n y t im e ) 

REALTQ RS-5o Y ears of T R U S T 

M O N E Y S A V E R S R E A L T Y 
*56 242o A N Y T IM E 
C L O S E 
TO 
JR 
H IG H a n d elem entary schools. . 4 bedroom , 
2 bath hom e w ith livin g , dining an d fa m ily ro o m s ... p a tio ! A ll b rick... fully carpeted! 
*43.9oo 
R E A LTO R S 
696-4811 

*4,5oo Equity or refinance. Sum ­ m it A ie a 4 2-2, )oo°o brick home on ’ « acre fenced tot. No agents. 
69o-8312 
______________ 

SAN P E D R O H IL L S 
L u x u r y 3-2-7 M O D E L H O M E 
F u lly c a rp e te d . Lots of fre es , c o u rty a rd , fa n ta s tic flo o rp lo n 
LO W M O N T H L Y P A Y M E N T S 
Only $5o,5oo 45* 1234 

 im m a c u la te 3 7 2 w ith c o v e re d patio, privacy fence and finished gorage 414* B arrin g to n 
V illage 
North, off P errin Bedel 653 3431 
Large trip le x pius para go a p a rt­ m e n t 
E x c e lle n t c o n d itio n . Im ­ m aculate y a rd in Historic oreo. 
5 *7 .5 o o . L u c ille B ie r s c h w a ie 
344 7341, 344 5549 
BOB JO N ES , R E A LTO R S 

Tow nhouse, no q u a lify in g . P ay eauity and assum e *19o m e 2 be­ d ro o m , 2 b a th , fo lly c a rp e te d , v e ry w ell k ep t. H E L E N S T A N - 
G E L 4*1-4187, nites 653-3*98 

EASY TO BUY 
EASY TO L IV E w i t h 
P e rfe c t c o ndition. 3 b e ­ drooms, living room , dining room , den and large covered patio. Area pool a nd te n n is c o u rt. U n d e r 
*4o,ooo. Call 342-3211 A N Y T IM E 

• • IN V A L L E Y FO R G E • • 
Nice 3 2 2 carpeted livm q room, separate fo rm a l dining 
Nothing dow n to a n y o n e ! 
C o ll n o w 1 
923 19o4. 973 57o* 
A R C IN IE G A R E A L T Y 

R E A L T O R S Austin Hw y Ole 
REALTORS 
1ooo O A K S 
B e a u tifu l w ell m in ta m e d 4 7-2, B l k itc h e n , to rg e 
(a m ity room w F P and s erv in g bar Aoorox 2 ooo sort plus much, much m ore 494 5221 

3 bdrm , 2 b a th , double g a ra g e , covered patio, *29,5oo Shown by apo7t 344-4*59, 3223 Rock Creek 
Run. 

TM I C H A R M E R 
High ceiling*, d ark stained hard­ wood floors, fire p la c e in liv in g ro o m , b e au tifu l k itc h e n , m ony, m ony built-ins. This is w hat e v e r­ yone wants so you b e tte r h u rry . 
824-3233, 822-5973 

SAN P E D R O H IL L S N E W 3-2-2 
All brick, 12x2o m aster. 12x22 lv- dm rm , I Sax 18 paneled den, fire ­ place, covered porch, big trees, 
549.8oo 824-1279 Hurley___________ 

JEW EL w it h POO L, this clean and neat 3 7 I rn W ilshire T e rrac e has a lovely 14x3o oool All ol this for only 579 9oo 
B e tte r h u rry ! 
828 8195. 
Ask tor 
Thelm a 
REALTO RS 

Im m a c u la te 3 2-2, fa m ily room , b u ilt-in s , c e n tra l h e a t-a ir. O nly 
$29,9oo. Better hu rry ! 
*84 *444 
Niles 534-4o98 u s -H o m e 
R E A L rORS-SO Years of TR U ST 
Fully carpeted 3-2-2, 1oo% brick on a corner lot, fenced backyard w ith gas g r ill, custom d ra p e s , gorage door opener, etc. P riced under appraised value. C all tor details. 533-1*15, 733-153* 

B E A U T IF U L , 3 bedroom , 2 both hom e in U N IV E R S IT Y O A K S . 
Open living a re a , firep lace, in te r­ ior brick w all has b u ilt-in book­ shelves, fenced corner lot, h u rry on this one. Low 4o'$ 

O F F N A C O D O C HES. N o rth ea st 
School D is tric t, 4 b e d ro o m s. 2 baths, c e n tra l h e a t-a ir. ra n g e , re frig , m o n th ly p a ym e n ts 519o, in t. 
8 % , 
574 ,oo o 
C H A R L E S 
W ATTS R E A L E STA TE 732-2918, 
732 5355, 228-91o4, 7327184 

SAN P E D R O H IL L S - 2315 Sat!, beautiful 4 be J roo rn hom e can be y o u rs. O nly liv e d in 3 m onths 
O w n e rs h a v e ju s t p u t in fin a l touches 494 5221 
+ 
OF CENTRAL TEXAS 
« 
Beautiful 2 storv home. com plete iv redecorated inside and out all large room s, c e d a r closets, fire ­ p la c e . b u r q ia r g u a rd s , double q a ra g e . m a id s room . R ead y to m ove in! $47,5oo O wner will fin- once Shown by opp t 822 1423 

Churchill High 
O w ner purchased s m aller hom e and has reduced lovely 5 bedroom home featuring m any e x tra * such as com plete kitchen, brick floors and fireplace. Lovely sw im m ing pool. Call now. 828-6391 

M LS 
C.M . F U R R CO. 
Specializing in Northside H om es- 
733-7141 
344-1*33 

JUST L IS T E D ' C o n v e n ie n t to 
Randolph 
F o u r bedroom (s p lit a rra n g e m e n t) two baths 
Huge covered patio and p riva c y fenced, delightful back y ard E x tra large storage shed. B uyer s choice of electric or gas range 
P riced at 
53o 9oo 342 371 1 AN Y IM E 

Super clean, a ttra c tiv e . 174o so­ ft 
Open a re a w ith c o rn e r fir e ­ place. 3 Bedroom s, dual dressing area in m aster bedroom . 2 boths upstairs. Enclosed patio 
P riced at 54o,5oo 
658-3535 A nytim e 

S A N P E D R O H IL L S tr i le v e l h o m e h a s la r g e I i v in g -d in in g room , enorm ous fa m ily room -kit chen c o m b in a tio n w ith a f i r e ­ p la c e , m uch m ore! 
*59,9oo 
R E A L T O R S 
658-7oo7 

C O LO N IA L H ILLS 
Gorgeous 4 bedroom s, 2' ib ath s, living has fireplace, dining, den, e n o rm o u s g a m e ro o m . D o u b le garage and carport. 
341 -9 16 6 A N Y T I M E 

Lived in took. 4 large bedroom s, 2 b a th s , m o d e rn k itc h e n , ig rg e sunny dining, cozy s e p a rate liv ­ in g , 
A M - F M s te re o , goo d landscaping, large y ard . 2o's 
SA N D IS O N R E A L T Y 
*99-92o) 

H arm ony Hills colonial. W alk to 
E le m E is e n h au er J r 
3-2-2 den. 
*42,5oo. Assume or ref. 341-755* 

Anyone on luxury carpeted 3-2-2. 
P avm *359. Call for details 
828-4545 P R IA K O S R L T Y 654-o975 
O F F SAN P E D R O 
All b ric k 3 bedroom , 2 bath, central heat-air, wall to w all carpets, double g a r­ a g e . la r g e e a u ity , m o n th ly p a y m e n ts S t69, int 
Sjj , *43oo 
C H A R L E S W A T T S R E A L E S- 
TA TE 732 2918, 732 5355__________ 

M O R E T H A N A HO USE this is an e s ta te ' A hom e w ith th ic k , stucco w alls, flaw less, hand laid tile an d c e ilin g s IO ’ h ig h ' An elegant liv in g room w ith a fir e ­ place and a form ol dining roam , large enough for real e n te rta in ­ ing, sunroom ond o round s ta ir­ well that spirals up to 3 bedroom s and a sitting roam 4 bedroom s in all ond a basem ent with a gam e room and den w ith a w et b a r! 
U n b e lie v a b le s p ac e p lu s a q u e s th o u s e w ith 2 m o re b e ­ droom s! Set on a beautiful acre in 
A LA M O H E IG H T S a page from yesterday! O ttered at 
>19o,ooo 
R E A L T O R S 
494-7771 

By O w ner, 3-2-2, F ru it trees, cul- de-sac. M a n y o ther e xtra s . The 
Sum m it. *9o-9*99 ________________ 

828-6391 A n y tim e 

ROSOW $ KLINE 
R E A LTO R S so Y ea rs o T TR U ST 

342-311) 
R E A L T O R S 
*96-5o77 
Century 21 
Realtors-N E Loop ole 
R E A LTO R S -R andolph Ole 
Com e see th i* e le g a n t, w ell de­ signed 4-2-2 home w ith city view . 
Living-dining room and spacious c o u n try g a rd e n k itc h e n , lo rg e cedar paneled fam ily room w ith cath ed ra l c eilin g and fire p la c e . 
Covered patio toeing nice y a rd w ith tre e s a n d p r iv a c y fe n c e . 
Mony extras! 
Save on e auity! 
*74-4858___________________________ 

E N C H A N T E D FO R E ST .custom b u ilt, a ll b rick hom e w ith oaks galo re! 3 bedroom s w ith built-in s to ra g e, 2 baths 
L iv in g -d in in g room plus fam ily room (w ith fire ­ p la c e !). Churchill Hight 
*58,5oo. 
R EALTO RS 
494-7771 

VA A C Q U IR E D H O M E S No Down 
Anyone 1st J uly! Northside a rea ! Less than renting nice 
Apt or hom e! Call to see now! 
344 5564 Hor) M cC o rm ick 344-2993 

V a ie n c io -B v O w n e r 
4-2 2, 1938 s a .It., fo rm a l liv in g -d in in g , tam room with fireplace, *54-4*22 atter 
Spm. No agents, 73* VA. *51,5oo 

Y ears 
H O W A R D T A T E R E A LTO R S 
G racious h o m e in O ak H ills . 4 
Bedroom s, 3 b ath s, o rn a m e n ta l iro n g u a rd s a n d b a lc o n y . Too m any extras to m ention. Low 7o s. 

Just P ain te d . 3 -t-t, c a rp e t, a ll appliances, air-heat. fenced yard, equity i t , SOO or best o fte r 
As. som e low p v m fs . ol *1 8 9 m o 
656 7776 656-41o!__________________ 

S'? a c re s w ith h o rs e s ta lls . 
C ountry home w ith 3 fire p la c es and lots of charm . 3 bedroom , 3 bath. Own w ater w ell. *98,ooo. 
C A L L 494-5227 
Armstrong Co 
R E A LTO R S_________ 
M LS 

H o rs e s a r e p e r m itte d on th is spacious lot.Fm e 4 bedroom , 2’ i bath home. Cowered patio, custom drapes. P R IV A C Y W IT H A V IE W 
OF T H E V A L L E Y . Priced lo sell at *57,25o. Nites 494-1832 
349-4343 Anytim e 

A la m o 
H g ts 
S ch o o l 
O i* t. 
4 B edroom . 3 bath, den, dining livm q room w ith fireplace, central a ir-h e a t, polio, screened oorch, larqe store room. 
828 1o21, 
824-85o* 

828-6391 A nytim e 
E n e rg y saving one liv in g a re a , w alking distance to e le m e n try • m iddle • end high school. Access to all kinds of snooping without getting on 
"the super slab ' CaH today 
653-435o 

Nice floor plan with 3 bedroom s, 2 bath large single living a re a with hrepiacc. double g a rag e , fenced void and priced at only *35,ooo 
Niles 655 5429 

V A L L E Y F O R G E - 3 -2 -2 . f i r e ­ place, appliances, 
*35o down. 
H u rry ! 
696 742o S LA TE R R L T Y 344-o936 

B Y O W N E R - H e r ita g e F a r m . 
3-2-2, very reasonable. Fireplace, fam ily room , landscaped, privacy fenced, cathedral ceiling, Rom an shades and other extras. P riced to sell. No agents. 474-o4S7________ 

Reoltors-NE Loop ofc 
O LM O S P A R K beautifully locat­ ed Contem porary home has huge, tre e-to rm patio off spacious (iv i n t , d in in g ro o m s ' 
W a ln u t p a n e le d la m ily r o o m ... 4 b e ­ drooms, J baths! Q uarters, built- in b o r, d a rk room too! M o n y , custom built ins thruouf! 
$145,ooo. 
R E A LTO R S 
824-9431 

E N C H A N T E D FO R E ST! Now of te rin g of th is d e c o ra te d 4 b e ­ droom , 2 bath home. F orm ol liv ­ ing and s e p a ra te d in in g ro o m , plus cozy fam ily room . C oveied patio overlooks beautifully lands­ c a p e d tre e d g a rd e n 
P r ic e d 
**3,5oo. 824-o121 A N Y T IM E 

3 bedroom s, huge liv in g room . 
Convenient. 
W asher hook-up. 
*15.5oo. 
MAC R E A L E S T A T E 828-2S21 
V A L L E Y FO R G E 
3 -2 -2, C a r p e t in g , a p p lia n c e s , p rivacy fence. *3 *,OOO 
824-1455, 
828-5132 
R O B E R TS 
A N D 
R O H M E R 
__________ 
R E A L T Y _____________ 

RE A LTO R S -B laneo Rd. Ofc 
Century 21 
Bv O wner- Hollywood P ark Cus­ tom built 3-2-2 Brick Colonial, in excellent condition. I living a re a , spacious m aster bedroom . 
494-3o8* 
____________________ 

C O LO NIES N O R TH 
O ve r 27oo sq ft, tor the a c tiv e 
(am ity! This 4-3' ?-2 has separate liv in g and d in in g room s ...h u g e k itc h e n a n d b r e a k fa s t c om bin ation...25x18 fa m ily room with fireplace. W ater soffner and drape s-rn are! 
69o-98o2 

O N B L U F F o v e r lo o k in g g o lf course M agnificent 2 story con­ tem porary with pool. 4 bedroom s, study, living, dining, ond g a m et- oom Views! Views! V iew s! 

E L E G A N T ROCK H O M E On acre. Deck off fo rm al living and dining roam overlooks gorgeous pool area. M aster suite up, 3 be­ droom s and gam eroom down. 

JU S T C O M P L E T E D . 22o Alcalde 
Moreno. White brick tra d itio n a l, 
4-2' ?-2 w ith light and a try colors throughout. 
Alm ost 
75oo sa.It. 
589,5oo. 
CALL 494-5227 
Armstrong Co 
R E A LTO R S __________________M LS 

R E A LTO R S -W olzem OU 
MO NE YSA VE R S R E A L T Y 
65* 247o A N Y T IM E 
2237 LO TU S BLOSSOM 
O N E of B lo s s o m P a r k $ m ost b e au tifu l 2 s to ry tow nhom es 
3 b d rm , 2 'j lu x u ry b a th s , la rg e open living a re o , fire p la c e, c a r­ p e tin g , 2 c o r g a r a g e . L a r g e p riva c y fenced y ard w ith patio, greenhouse and autom atic sprin kier system AM this and m ore tor only *4 1.5 oo . T r e a t M o th e r on 
H E R d a y : 
T o be h e ld o pen 
M o th e r's D a y fro m 2 to * P M . 
Come see us! 

S E LL FH A VA 
4 2-2, den. fo rm a l liv in g dining com bination, kitchen w ith b re ak ­ fast a re a 
P riv a c y fence, shade trees. Low 3o's 
N e a r Loop 41o 
349 *5o3 *54-629* 

Super neat hom e is cute and like new Nice (am ity room with fire place, double g arage, only t year old. 
North 
San 
Pedro areo. 
*9o-95o2 
REALTY 
WORLD 
LANDMARK 
REALTORS 

• K IR B Y • 
Like new 4 bedroom , 7 both, cen­ tral heot and air, no closing VA or assume 622 33*3 
RENFRO REALTY 

V A L L E Y F O R G E C h o ic e Of 2- 
3-2-2- Anyone can b u y ! *36,975, and *38,975. *4oo to tal m ove in 
F irst paym ent in July 
474 *12*________ R AE R eal Estate 
REALTQ RS-5o Years Of TR U S T 
E X E C U T IV E 
S P L IT 
L E V E L 
4 bedroom s, large gam e room off s w im m in g pool, close to te n n is courts, a Traditional house w ith over 34oo sa ft Prestigious north­ west area. *1o5,ooo. 694-14)2 

In Mission T race, lu xu ry garden hom e, 4-2-2, 245o sq. tt. 24 H r security. 
For appoint. 69o-87)8, 
924-8371.__________________________ 

O ly m p ia 
83o* H e ro 
3-2 2. den. fire p la c e , liv in g -d in in g , e x tra * 
L O W e q u i t y 
65 9 1426. * 5 7 - 5 7 9 4 
K IR B Y M A N O R 
3 bedroom. I ' i bath*, new carpet, central heat a ir. covered patio 
.149 *5o3. 494 2o1o 

S H E A R E R H IL L S ! N e a r M a lls , schools and bus, lovely neighbor­ hood of hom es. E x c e lle n t condi­ tion, 2 bedroom s. 2 baths, large liv in g ro o m , s e p a r a te d in in g , built-in kitchen, farrrilv room , wet bar, on an e xtra large lot. *4o,ooo. 
824-o12! A N Y T IM E 

By ow ner, ideol tor re tire d cou­ ple. Well kept neighborhood FH A approved 3-1-) hom e, betw een Ft. 
Sam and W indsor P a rk M a ll, neor shopping c en ter 
*5,ooo e a u ity , assume 
*14*. mo paym ents 
344 5979.___________________________ 

By O w n e r - 7 '? % L o a n . 3 b e ­ droom, 2 bath, dining room , lorge fa m ily ro o m w ith fir e p la c e . 
Townview 
Estates. 
224-4SS4 or 
*81-3385___________________________ 
C O M F O R T A B L E IN D R E A M ­ 
LA N D OAKS 
4-2-2p, I ’ ? story, w ell kept hom e on wooded lot. By O w ner. *52,ooo. 
Appointm ent, 341-1245___________ 

N aco gdoches to C o u n try Lane 
G o rg e o u s c u s to m b u ilt h om e nearin g com pletion. 3 4 or 5 be d ro o m s . H e a te d p o o l. G r e e n ­ house E ve ry detail planned. 

B Y O W N E R , lo v e ly s p lit le v e l 
3-2-2, fa m ily ro o m , ‘ L ‘ shaped living- d in in g a re a , stu d y. B a l­ cony o ft m a s te r , o v e rlo o k in g lorge lot ond wooded oreo. Con­ venient to schools, bases, M ed 
Center. By appt. only 29o2 Wacos 
*84-3o39 

BIG F IN E H O M E 
Have 2 new listings near M edical 
Com plex, la rg e 4-2-2 in Seneca, lorge 5-2-2 in G ian O aks. Huge dens w ith fir e p la c e s , fo r m a l areas, both in m id 5o’s. Call today 
R O L L IN G R ID G E 
C ountry size y a r d in city w ith 
3-2-2, den and living, lots of frees and quiet street. O nly *38,5oo 

F IR S T T IM E FOR SALE 
W ant a great 3-2-2 in El Dorado? 
L a rg e room s! Big y a rd ? Super location? Then call *56-5o11______ 
C o m p le te ly R e m o d e le d o ld e r 
2-1-1, m odern k itch e n -b a th , c a r ­ pet, covered patio, fenced *22,ooo 
ROSSI R E A L T Y 
494-7781 
W A N T Y O U R H O M E C U S T O M 
B U ILT? Your plans con becom e a re a lity in new N o rth e a s t a d d i­ tion.. Lo Villa, land developem ent engineering near com pletion 
824-45o7 

N e a r U S A A and M e d ic a l C o m ­ plex. Your beautiful dream home on a landscaped lot. 3 bedroom s divided, large den with fireplace a nd sloped ceilings, liv in g and d in in g ro o m s . 34 1-7 2o1. n ite s 
822-17*7. R E A L T O R S 
Ask for 
V A N C E H IL L 

S IE R R A N O R T H No Down 
Anyone! Separate living and dining rooms. 3-1-1, 521.975 
344 55*4 H a rt M cC orm ick 344-2993 
S O U T H E R N C O M F O R T describes this beautiful split-level 
4 2-2 in O ly m p ia 
F ir e p la c e in fo m ily ro o m , w a te r s o fte n e r, covered patio. *44.ooo. 824 o171 

4-2' ?-2, large living- den w ith fire ­ p lo c e. p la y ro o m , lo ca te d on '* a c re tre e studded lot in K in g s 
G ran t Forest. D ays 224-7581, eves 
349-1518 and weekends.__________ 

Professional's dream O va r 2,ooo s t of garden hom e living Open fireploced living, lorge sunny den, 
3 bedroom s, 3'? baths, 2 patios, terraced yard. 5o’s. 
SA ND ISO N R E A L T Y 
*99-92o1 
JE F F E R S O N AREA-4-3-2, form al living and dining room , den with fireplace, fam ily room. 
RAN CREST R E A L T Y , 433-6676 

Century 21 

EL DO RADO 
Bv O w n er 
3-2-2, plus room for your R -V 's , too m any e x tra s to 
''St *47,5oo 653-o879 or 654 1441 
*oo1 R ue S ophie. Im m a c u la te , w h ite b r ic k a n d fr a m e , 3-2-2, 
S p a n is h c o u r ty a r d e n tr y , spacious c o rn e r lot, s e c lu d e d y a rd , sh ad y p a tio , custom k it ­ chen, m any extras. 
547,ooo. 
*8 1 -1 *6 4 

W hitehead-Holiday 
* 84-37)1 
R E A LTO R S 

3 B L O C K S T O IH -1 o 
Large 4 bdrm hom e w ith fireplace near USA Built for com fort and gracious e n te rtain in g . P ric e d in the 4o'$. 124-o171 

3 -2 -C o n v e rte d g o ra g e , c e n tr a l a ir-h e a t, a p p lia n c e s , a lt b ric k . 
Nice yard, larg e trees. Located on o Quiet cuFde-sac. Open Term s. 
*3o,ooo. 

O W N E R HAS TO S ELL 
L arge house w ith large lot. 3-1 I plus fa m ily room . Assum e *129 oer mo. or refinance. 349-1479 
H ector J. H erbeck Inc., Realtors 
P A R D O N M E . if i'm realty enth- usiastie but this has to be one of the nicest and cleanest 4-2-2's in 
Live Oak. Located on a corner lot. double fire p la c e betw een livin g and fam ily rooms. Assume 7' ?«» 
VA loan. CaH 828-8195 for other outstanding features. R E A L T O R S 

F O R E S T G L E N - 3 b e d ro o m , 2 baths, centra) heat-air, carpeted fa m ily room w ith fire p la c e , a t­ ta c h e d d ouble g a ra g e , ra n g e , dishw asher, privacy fence. Low equity. CaH tor details. C H A R L E S 
W ATTS R E A L E STA TE 732-2918, 
732-5355, 228-9)o4.______________ 

4 bedrooms, 2 d ecorator baths, I car garage, separate living and dining room, lorge fa m ily room , q u a lity th ru -o u t. L o v e ly la n d s ­ caped yard, exceptional value 
*44,ooo 
Reese Henry 

R e a l t o r 
65S -3584 
N ite s 
6 5 5 -2 75 4 

R E A LTO R S 
Century 21 n i l l l i A n r r l 
Shenandoah, 3 2 2, mony extros. e l a i T fto s 
Low 3o *. *9 *-3**8 _________________ 
---------------k.5.T.l.t o r s ----------------- - 
B Y O W N E R 
U n iv e rs ity O ak s , 
D DA IIftl O T I T i n i l H IL D T 
3-2-2, large living a rea , to, utility 
M U I! o l n l H JN VVCwl 
' room , e x te n d e d p a tio , p riv a c y 
B Y O W N E R , T h is 1 % y r old fence, drapes, *94-78o*___________ landscaped, c a rp e te d 3-2-2, tea- 
BY O W N E R - Unique Contem nor tores a dining room w ith full m ir- a ry hom e in H e rita g e F a r m . 3 ro re d w ell, p a n ele d fa m ily rm - bedroom s, 7' ? baths. Study loft fireplace, b reakfast bay, B O N U S : overlooks distinctive 2 story living 
RM , rose gardens, sm oke a la rm , I room w ith fireplace. F a m ily room ro o f tu rb in s . F e n c e d . A s s u m e a d io m s la rg e c o u n try k itc h e n . 
*339 mo. *84-3147 
2too sq.ft. NS *chools. No agent*. 
_________________ 
I *74-2492___________________________ 

Split level 3 -2 '?-2, den, co rn er, 
Central, built-ms S U P E R V IE W 
341-4455 R E A LTO R S 824-6716 

R.R. R A N SO M R E A L T Y *73-77o1 
East Terrell Hills D eligh tful home w ith 3 b e d ro o m s . 2 b a th s . Im ­ m aculate 
P aneled dining room . 
M any trees. CaH for app't. $27,ooo. 
653-435o 

NEAR R A N D O L P H - 3 bedroom . 2 b a th . d o u b le g a r a g e , c e n tr a l heaf-oir. built-in oven ond range. 
Many extros 
333-4144 
Niles 337-8478 

 r e a l t o r s 

Lease wilt) Option to Buy 
Will) Option lo Buy 
— e 4 bedroom home m vole: 

JUST L IS T E D 
G r e a t fir s t h o m e . 3 la r g e b e ­ d ro o m s , I b a th . F a m ily ro o m , c e n tra l heat and a ir , c a rp e te d thruout. 
Beautiful corner lot. 
*24,9oo. 
*99-1133 
R E A L T O R S 
341-7838 

F IR S T O F F E R IN G ! J bedroom s, 
2 b ath s, 2 liv in g a re a s , fa m ily room w ith fireplace, kitchen with large breakfast a re a . This lovely ail brick home is a once in a life­ tim e buy. B etter h u rry priced ie sell *57,26o 
Reese Henry 
Realtor 
655-3584 
N i l e * 
6 5 3 -8 o 5 o 
W IN D C R E S T - N ic e b ric k 4 be- droom , V t baths, la rg e den with fir e p la c e , c e n t r a l h e a t - a ir , privacy fence, self d e a n in g oven, dishw asher, larg e enclosed con­ crete patio, in te rc o m . E a u ity or r e fin a n c e . 
C a H 
A n y tim e . 
C H A R L E S W A T T S R E A L E S ­ 
TA TE 732-2918, 732-5355, 228-9164. 
W IN D C R E S T , peal and patio (or 
S u m m e r fun a nd a lo v e ly , a ll brick home tor e ve ry season! 4 b e d ro o m *, 3 b a th s p lu s hobby room. . form al ond fam ily rom s! 
Fireplace, b reakfast b a r and lots m ore extras. 
*79,5oo 
R E A L T O R S 
458-76o7 

Century 21 
SOUTH E A S T R E A LTO R S 

P e r r in B e ite i R d a r e a 
3 7 2, p riv a c y fenced, e q u ity, assum e 
7°» V A loan, By O w ner, *53-5819 
Large 4 bedroom home in V alen­ cia with a p p ro xim a te ly 2ooo sq ft Fam ily room with fireplace. 2 baths, double garage. 
656 -3 oo o A n y tim e 
R E A L T O R S WA LZ E M O F F IC E 
S U P E R S P E C IA L 
New on wooded lot, 3 bedroom , 2 bath, central a ir, 2-car g arage, all e le c tr ic k itc h e n . 
N o r t h e a s t s ch o o ls , c to s t-in . See a t 15)o 
Beconsfield in D evonshire. I m i. east of San Pedro on B itters Rd. to 
D e v o n s h ir e . 
O p en a ll d a y 
Saturday and 
Sunday. 
Only 
532,5oo 
W IL L IA M S W IN N E Y 
492 1o72___________________ *58-o29o 

L a rg e 4 b e d ro o m , 2 b a th , den, e le c tric k itc h e n a nd s p r in k le r system $42,5oo 
655 5131 a n ytim e 
R E A LTO R S 
V IR G IN IA C E R V E N K A 

Bv owner, 4-2-2 w ith fo rm a l living, dining, paneled den w ith beam ed ceiling, fire p la c e, p riva c y fence, c o rn e r lo t, in S eneca E s ta te s . 
Leon V alley. 684-3522. SSl.OOO. 

M arvelous fireploced 4 bedroom hom e p ro v id es 4 seasons of in ­ door-outdoor enioym enl! 2 living areas, 2 decorator boths, paneled double garage, covered patio plus pool patio. Call tor al) the extras 
Upper ISO's. Nites 824-44*o 
828 5*3* 
R E A LTO R S 
M LS 

JUST L IS T E D 
N e a r U TS A , 3-2-2, liv in g ro o m , fa m ily room w ith fire p la c e , cen­ tra! heat and a ir on 1 > a cre . Low 
54o s. 
494 5571 
N IT E S 1-438-2897 

The perfect location, just oil Bon- d e ra . Lovely 4 b e d ro o m , b ric k home, with att the fine features expected in a custom built home. 
158,9oo 344-8348 
Grace Arnold 
R E A L T O R S M LS_________ 
B U IL D E R S O W N H O M E in Cas­ tle H ills E s ta te s ! A one s to ry . 
Spanish Contem porary hom e w ith 
Saltillo tiled p atio , fa m ily room ond entry... sunken, form al living room with raised dining room ... 5 bedrooms, 3 baths plus q uarters! 
B e a m e d , c a th e d r a l c e ilin g in fa m ily room a nd m a s te r suite. 
Fireplace and patio too! 
5159,o66. 
R E A L T O R S 
*96-4811 

R E A L T O R S -P e rrin Bedel O k 
L E T S 
T A L K 
A B O U T 
F E A T U R E S - S c re e n e d p a tio fe n c e d y a r d - f ir e p la c e - 
4 bedroom s- lie- d in in g den and topped off bv superior landscap­ ing 824-o)71 

5*75 CASH is ali if takes to get into this beautiful *45,ooo hom e, cor- pet, appliance and F IR E P L A C E . 
Coll now! *9o-o974 
FO R TU N A 
ASSSO CIATES, 
_________ *9*1412_____________ 
Century 21 
N E E D M O R E S P A C E ’ 
Then this nice 2 story, 4-2-2 in Ook 
G rove E states off Nacogdoches 
Rd should solve the problem , new paint in and out, a lot of house for only *38.ooo. open term s 

W A K E F IE L D R E A L T O R S 
JUST L IS T E D ! fre e s and a view m akes this lo rg e 4 b e d ro o m . 2 bath, execu tive hom e an e xc ep ­ tional value, form al living-dining, e x tra la rg e fa m ily ro o m w ith fireplace, large country kitchen, covered polio, b etter than new 
*53,5oo. 494-7*51 A N Y T IM E 
1 

R A N D O L P H A R E A . 5 Bedroom . 3 bath, cathedral ceilings, spinkter system, cul-de-sac, covered patio, m ony extras. *58-2519.____________ 

$675 CASH is all it takes to get into this beautiful $45,ooo hom e. C a r­ p e t, a p p lia n c e s , a n d 
F IR E P L A C E . Call now! *9 * o974 
FO R TU N A 
A SSO C IA TES. 
__________ *94-1412 
____ 

T e rre ll H eights 
J u st lis te d th is a d o r a b le 2 b e ­ d ro o m h o m e . c o m p le te ly redecorated N E W C O N D IT IO N ! 

R E A LTO R S 

R A N D O L P H AREA 
3oo B everly. J I ' , 
............. *25,5oo 
2o5 Forest W ay. 4-2 .......... 534,7oo 
314 M f Shadow. 3 7 
. 
$26,5oo 
125o1 W ilderness Tr., 3-1 528oo Eq 
Century 21 
On m in t co n d itio n 3 11 
P a y m i'7 9 . Better than rent. Coll now 
825 4545 P R IA K O S R L T Y 654 o975 
WH I T E H E A D -M O LIC A Y 
34) 71 IS______________ R E A LTO R S 

N E W J a n d 4 b e d ro o m hom es available in the Northeast. Most h a v e fir e p la c e s a n d p r iv a c y 
(ences. Can be financed VA with no down paym ent and no closing cost. Prices start in low 3o’s. 
494 5221 Anytim e 

Lovely Colonial * bedroom hom e on very large double lot Huge den with fire p la c e 
A K itchen e ve ry m other d re a m s of. C o n v e n ie n t, c o m fo rt, b e a u ty a n d lo c a tio n . 
$125,ooo 344-8348 
Grace Arnold 
R E A L T O R S M LS 

Inytim e 
Century 21 
*53 8131 Bill P arkins R)ty6S7 14 
This charm ing home has it! Only 
6 years old. b e au tifu l condition. 
3 2, large fam ily room , a ttra c tiv e courtyard entrance. G re a t home 
(or entertaining. Call tor details 
822-33o! 

:lty*S7-t475 
R E A LTO R S 5o Y ears of TR U ST 
JU S T L IS T E D ! M a n y surprises a w a it you in this 3 b e d ro o m , 2 bath home that lite ra lly ta a cutie, 
N e w c a r p e t, fr e s h ly p a in te d , c o v e re d p a tio a nd fe n c e d fo r orivacy. K ing-o Hills a rea . Won t last long al 529,5oo 

Beautifully m aintained stone and c ed a r hom e. 3 p atios, s ep a rate livin g and dining, 3 2 
733 894*, 
824 5279, 824-5*oo 

3 bedroom, I'? bath, new carpet, re frig e ra to r, stove, dish w asher, a il u n d e r 2 y rs . old. B e a u tifu l y a rd . 7°« VA assum e. N o rth of 
Loop 41o oft B lanco Rd. O w ner- 
Agent 344 9952 Atter *P M 

T E R R E L L M ILLS C O TTA G E 
Ali b rick , 2 bedroom s, la rg e liv ­ in g , d in in g 
T ons ot b u ilt-in s ! 
C entral heat-air. 
Ask for 
Ruth 
Fortes. 
341-9166 A N Y T IM E 

INC, R E A LTO R S 
G L E N OAKS P A R K -V A 
Brick 3 bedioom , 2 bath, central heat-air, large patio. VA or Conv. 
Term s. $28,5oo 
R E A L T O R 
691-13oo 

W IND SO R M A L I A re a Ufo Down 
Anyone! Redecorated 3-7-2, big 
»creened-in patio, larg e garden kitchen, appliances, c arpet, a ir and more, only $25o m onth, coil 
344-55*4 Wort M cC orm ick 344 2993 

New lo m arket. All brick, separ a te liv in g , d in in g , d e n a n d covered patio. P r iv a c y fen ced , and only $4o,5oo 
R E A L T O R 
826-8*73 A nytim e 
TKC ACTION NUMBLY 
(OR (A S I ntSUlTS 
P lACt YOUR WANT AO 
IN THI I XPfilSS NEWS 
C A II 225 1*66 

THE ACTION NUMBER 
(OR (AST RISUITS 
Pl ACE TOUR WANT AO 
IN THE EXPRESS N (W $ 
C A II 225- 1666 

(OR the (ASTEST R e s u lts 
ON A WANT AO 
THE NUMBER TO C A II 
IS 7 7 S - 1666 
EXPRESS ANO NEWS 

 t o t t a s t Results 
PEACE TOU* WANT AO 
IN THE EXPRtSS NEWS 
CAU 27S I6 6 6 

ON A WANT AO 
THE NUMBER t o CAE- 
IS 775 1666 
EXPRESS ANO NEWS 
Century 21 
Century 21 
Century 21 
342-3111 R E A LTO R S 
H O W A R D T A T E R E A LTO R S 
Scht.eider Realty 
E L A IN E LU D W IG S ASSOC. 

I 
4 

>S-NEWS BONUS AA 
TEXAS SIZE SAVINGS 
225-1666 
QUICK RESULTS! 

NON COMMERCIAL! 
CANCELLABLE 
WITHOUT 
RATE CHANGE 
LINES 

Son Antonio EXPRESS-NEW S— Sunday May 8 1977 

McCRHLSS 
New listing 
Ira met plate. 
3 bedroom 
2 beth home 
(orpet, targe kitchen with mony robin »t\ 
16*26 paneled fomily room Cen­ tro! heat end an Coll for opp t 

HIGHLANDS SHOWPlACf 
See to believe ti 3 bedroom'. 2 bothi, spurious livinq dininq tom- binotion. Paneled family room, plush corpet, hoot end air Terms 

DfUCRIST immotulote 3 bedroom, 2 both, 
23*24 It family room with rock 
Toeplate 
Built rn kitchen with electric cook top Centro) heal ond on carpet Cedi now1 
5 3 2 -5 2 4 5 
M ites 3 3 3 -3 9 8 8 

REAL COUNTRY UVING 
HOLLYWOOD PARK! 
4 spacious bedrooms, 2 decorotor bathrooms huge living dining room, large lomily room with fireplace, kitchen and brookiest area Overs ired lot with 42 TREES, courtyard plus covered potio. Priced loc QUICK SALI! 
BOB MCGINNIS 
REALTORS C ¥ J 
3 4 9 -6 2 1 1 
« f i g | 

. . . W H Y R E N T * ••• 
B U Y -N o th m g dow n to anyone* 
E a s y to qualify 2 
J ond 4 be drooms. some with appliant* Call n o w ' 
H o b ia m o s 
Esp ousal 
923 Itet Wit-SIO* 
A R C IN IE G A R E A L T Y 

EXECUTIVE HOME IS OFFERED 
ACREAG E SIZE 

H O M E S I T E S 

6-IG one traits locoted 
2o minutes from downtown 
Mice tfees on mony sites 
Attractive financing Toke IH 3/ South, to 
IS IS lutn right and fallow road to sign • Spanish Grant Sub division 
Salesman on duty weekends 2 p m til dark 
344-62o7 
684-433o 

WESTWOOD VILLAGE 
Clean 3 bedroom I ' both home in a highly desirable area. Central oh hoot, tensed yard Convenient to schools, hoses and shopping center 
QUALITY BUY 
This spacious 3 bedroom, 2 both home in Adams Hill will go fast 
Completely equipped kitchen, finished garage ond privacy fen se Assume low interest VA loon 
HERITAGE FARM 
3 bedroom, 2 bath home with 2 cor garage, all appliances ond some corpet Reasonable equity ond Assume 
TOR DETAILS AND VIEWING 
C ALL 6 7 3 - 5 o 8 3 
A N Y T IM E 
W O R L D W ID E 
REALTY 

15 MILES SOUTH 
OF SAN ANTONIO 

? bedroom home on $ acres of land, lust west of Hwy lh targe horse bara, pens and lighted arena 
Mony targe oak trees, shown by appointment only. 

PRICED S2S OOO 

HAVERLAH REAL ESTATE 
C o rn e l Highway IH I A 
Goodwin St 
Pleasanton, texas telephone 

San Antonio: 
*26-2111 
Pleasanton: 
S69-2S27 

569-2487 
569-2o28 

 to the discriminating buyer with taste for quiet elegance. Enjoy your own 

 lushly landscaped acre and a magnificent view of the surrounding city from 

 this exquisite hilltop home. Pool, cabana, pagoda fountains and many 

 patios enhance the setting. Brick floors ond cherry paneling lend 

 themselves beautifully to the extensive use of glass ond imported Italian 

 tile throughout The complete gourmet kitchen affords the latest in every 

 appliance. The casual room, which overlooks the pool, contains a built-in 

 musit and entertainment center. Other fascinating details ore too 

 numerous to mention, 535o,ooo ANYTIME 342-3211 lama 

 r i T L E 
I bed room , I oath. d e live re d 
$37oo 428 145V__________________ fo r fa st Accurate Title 
Service 
5 Convenient locations 

 your lot All paneled and plumb inq. vinyl floor covet mg 
I bedroom, I both Ste SOO 
3 bedroom I bath, St? 8oo 
Dodson Cum ber_________ 4?4 » i t f lo s o u r & k f iit b L 
DEANIE 
OWENS CO 
RL ALT OAS— M IS 
N West Ole. 

W E 
B U Y 
H O U S E S 
TO 
BE 
M O V E D 
428 HSV__________________ 922 4113 
REALTORS — 5o YEARS OF TRUST 
DEANIE 
OWENS CO. 
REALTOR*— AALS 
S E. Office 
D evine. T e x a s 
1-663-4558 
F LY IN G R R A N C H looking for just the right mea and octet on which to build your dreom home for eithei now or in the (atule5 Well, look no further 
We hove tracts rongmg from 2o odes and up and stat ting at 
516oo per acre 
Just TI min 
Nm th of Son Antonio on Hwy 
281 Beautiful views, paved roads, lesttK lions Owner financing 
F L Y IN G R R EA LTY 
1 -4 3 8 -7 4 2 9 
Eves. 1 -8 9 9 -2 7 9 3 

NEW LY LISTED 
Plush e xe cu tive hom e, 4 - 3 ’/*, w et bor, targe pool, 
2 firep laces, se p a ra te liv in g an d din in g are as, larg e den, g a m e roo rn, patios. O w n e r transferring. Sh o w n b y appt. 
O nly. 
H O LLYW O O D PARK 
N E W H O M E, all rock, 4 o o o sq. ft. 4 -3 '/*-2 , fo rm a l liv in g an d din in g are as, go u rm e t kitchen, atrium , 
5 p atios. 
M a ste r suite w ith his a n d her tub a n d show er. O ld w orld charm . 
O p e n 
2 till dark daily. 2 o5 V O IG T 
CO LONIAL 2-STORY 
N e w ly crafte d 
4 -3 -2 , se p a ra te m a ster suite, p a n e le d den w ith firep lace, c o ve red patio, w et bar, cedar sh a k e roof. 3 o o o sq. ft. Vi acre corner lot. 
FRENCH DESIGN 
N e w custom built 
4 - 2 H - 2 , larg e liv in g a re a 
3 o x 2 o , se p a ra te fa m ily ro o m w ith firep lace, w et bar, sunken bath, corner lot. 
DALE RHEY REAL ESTATE 
494-3541 
REALTORS 

G U A D A LU PE 
RIVER TRACTS 
Only a few left. 

Wide* river • white water - m-tir Bargfwini, Between I 

 a n d 
2 acres from 
$15,ooo 
5*4 down 
12 y e w s to p a y at 8 % simple interest APR 8 % 

Srrrinu San Antonio Si not > I*f22 
Highland Hills brick 3 bedroom s, 
I baths, carpet! central heat-air, pecan trees, V A-FH A. Call Ann 
ERA 
JACK MITCHELL 
532-31o7 Realtor 
648-33o7 

Y o u r v o y a g e to g o o d living! 
A 6 8 A C R E T R A C T 
Bandera. Pipe Creek area Beau filth views, good hunting, elec­ tricity a vaila b le , lu st m inutes from n o Ow ner financed, HOO down, te rm s Sh o w n bv app t 
E M O R Y 
JO N E S 
734-4*27, 
828*244____________________ _ 
_ 

B E L L A IR E 
Vacant and ready to m ove in. All carpeted 3 bedroom plus a work ro o m a n d s to r a g e ro o m , 
Equipped kitchen and only 
*21,ooo 
C e n t u r y 2 1 
S chneider Realty________ AHI 72oo 
B E T W IN S T B ro o k s and K e lly, redecorated 3 bedroom, I* .• bath, qarage home with country su e d garden kitchen and form al dining 
Assum e only *1*4 m o with low equity. ASI o**o 

H o u se for sale bv ow ner, *o4 
Cunev Way, bv Herff Elem entary 
School, call aft 4pm 735-5945_____ 
REALTY WORLD 
CUSTOM COLLECTION 
CASTLE HILLS 
ESTATES 
IT S STUNNING 
NEED A GUEST SUITE? 
Shining white stone, one story 
Spntious 3 bedroom, 2 both, lying nnd dining rooms, family room (FP high beamed ceiling) glossed to patio ond pnvoty grounds 
Plus 
GUEST 
SUITE 
Sprinkler system 
Lot 12o X 
16o. Choice location $142,5oo 

SPACE WITH GRACE 
'Circular drive approach to this one story, shining white brick 
Very spacious, 5 bedrooms, 3! ; both living, dining breakfast, family rooms 
Dual fireplace 
Complete gourmet kitchen, mony built-ins like new. 

A BRILLIANT 
One story home in Castle Hills 
Estates A worm family room 
'FP, high ceiling, wetbat). 4 
3 ': 2 plus study plus quorlers. 
Super kitchen 
Heated POOL 
Spnnkleted grounds Molls. 

EARLY AMERICAN 
Relish the type of home that 
•ends itself to formality ’or casualness. 
Exquisite, ideally arranged, 
5-315, den 
(EP). I 
Plush button kitchen. Covered patio in shaded grounds 
I 
826-2347 
REALTORS, 

A C R E A G E H O M E S IT E S 
MW of Sa n A n to n io in B e x a r, 
Comal Kendall Co'*. 1-18- acre* or More usHome 
ONLY HERM 
• New brick Homes on Acr­ eage 
. • Breathtaking Views 
• Wooded Sites for PRIVAC f 
• 4 Choice North Communities 
{Including New Braunfels) 
• low Taxes Moke easy Pur­ chase Terms 
• 17oo Sq. Ft. Living - 2 Cur 
Garage $37,SOO 
• 268o Sa Ft. Living - 2 Car 
Garag«$49,75o. 
Search The Home Market Over 
THIN Call US! 
~ 
✓"-sr 
Swmney Co. 
Ullin) 
492-1o72 lilly ' 
658-o29o 
‘— * 
673-14o1 

LOVE AT PURSE SIGHT! 
Immaculate 
3 bedroom, 
2 bath, con­ venient to schools and shopping. Format living, family room. central heal-aotr, double garage. 
Open terms. 
$33,9oo. 
Niles, 69o 9616 
STARTER HOME 
3 bedroom, I both with central heat ond mr. Fenced yard and native rock trim 
Very convenient to locklond-Kelly schools and shopping. Only $2o,85o. Flites 69o- 
9616 
PRICE REDUCED! 
4 bedrooms, 2 baths on cul-de-sac Saltillo 

 tile, courtyard entry, fireplace, formal din ing and privacy fenced yard. Atokous owner! Mites, 349-6837. 
REALTY W O R LD 
BILL SOUTHERN 
681 -32 22_______ 

In Bellaire 3 bedroom s. I both, fresh point, VA loan. 824-411, nite* 
674-o744 
OF CENTRAL TEXAS 
1 
B U Y N O W 
BEFORE PRICES i 
G O UP 
I 
$1 M O V E IN V A J 

5 
DOWN CONVfNTIONAL 
J 

3 and 4 bedroom plans I 

5 3 7 , 5 o o to 
$ 4 4 , 9 5 o I 
All hom es feature energy I saving package, central I heat-air, carpet and 
\ handcrafted w oodbum m g 
\ fireplaces, deluxe M agic I 
C hef all electric kitchen, 
I and 2 car garage. 
| 
6 FURNISHED MODELS 
J 
OPEN DAILY 9-9 
J 
TWIN CREEK 
' 
6 8 1 - 1 1 1 1 

*o8-144o 
B R O K E R ~ ~ 6V8 226t 

B O E R N E 
B ric k 3-12, fireplace in tom lly loom, separate living and drama. 
3 * a c re s fenced, h o rse sfolls, beautiful view. large oaks. Call for an appt 
494 5571 
N IT E * 1-77*81*1 

1149* 
Nom e vour term s As low as *3* per m onth 
H B G H E A L 
E S T A T E 733 13o9 or 497-3*84 
B U Y E Q U IT Y and assu m e *147 monthly paym ents on 3 bedroom, 
2 both in Bellaire Call for inter motion, 973 4327, 924-19*8 
Ronald Williamson 
3-1' i-l, bv owner cit 7oo6 Brow n leaf. E x c e lle n t n e w e r h o m e 
Trees, fenced yard, patio, central air-heat No red tape *9oo M ove in now! C an finance stove and refrigerator if desired. Call Plea santon I **9 3382__________________ 

18oo sa ft. oft W W .W hile Rd. 3 bedrooms, r > baths Fenced and well cored for ! acre with trees. 
S A N T E X CO , R E A L T O R S 
_____________ **3-o4*o_____________ 

" I R u n t - — 
L A R G E 
3 2 home, horse stall, I pens in 
Lone Oak Estates 
Here s a Good 
Buy ' Call 
22*-83*7 
342-9338 
344-9424 Century 21 
BOERNE 
R O C K H O M !, 3 -2 -2 , on free - c o v e r e d knoll, 
3 ,1 9 acres, m a n y 
(spatial featu res. 
$ 7 9 VOO 
C O U N T R Y 
H O M ES, 
3 -2 -2 , w ith v ie w s und er ton 
^ ru ctio n close irs 
Rock end brick, fir ©placets, on 4 a n d S der# tracts. Price $ 5 3 ,9 o o . 
I A R G ! A C R EA G E, up to 3 2 o acres, in K e n d a ll a n d B a n ­ d e ra C e ’s. $ 9 5 o acre up. 
SM A L L A C R E A G E Tracts in 
M o u n ta in S p rin g fa rm *. 
H IU COUNTRY Rf ALTY 
4 2 * M a in St bourne IX . 
(512) 249 2o31 Collect 

W A K E F IE L D R E A L T O R S 
B O E R N E 
O v e r 18 A c re s with h u n tin g c a b in a n d s p r in g s 
*22,SOO 
B O E R N E 
R A N C H 
R E A L T Y 224-7171 
____________ 

Real Estate 
B ig old er hom e in H ig h la n d s 
Park 4 bedroom, 1346 sa ft, m any years of good fam ily living A p ­ p ra is e d $18,ooo M a x in e H a m ­ mond 533-7163, 534-7*7o 
BO B JO N ES, R E A L T O R S 

JEFFERSON AREA 
Clean, spacious 2 b ed­ room brick near M edical 
Center. 
Enjoy cool covered patio with B B Q pit. Fork like yard, m any pecan trees. 
NAYLOR REALTY 

GALLERY OF HOWES 
691-1121 656-552o 
341-9191 

KEY GROUP 
G o rge o u s w ooded lot. over ait acre Paved streets, electricity, telephone, no city taxes, yet very close in Minutes from UTSA, Med 
Center, U S A A **99*. O w ner fin­ ancing B IL L E S S E X 341 *941 

By owner, 4 bedroom, I bath, oft 
T im b e rcre e k in W estw ood Vif loge, walk to school*, large fam ily room with tireptace, to x IO, stor age shed, fenced yard, covered patio *3o,5oo *73 o898____________ 
By owner, in new Valley Hi, 3-1 !, central air, carpet, covered potio, shed, sto ve , r e frig , g a r d e n . 
$22,ooo *74 35o1 ofter *. 

•tv W ooded a c re s, lust m inutes from IH to with oldei w eekend house orid other buildings, some field land, lots of wildlife 

Hill Country Village 

Atmosphere which rings with pride. 
Your guests will appreciate the beauty, beginning with the circular drive. 5 Bedrooms, 4Vt baths, 3 cor garage, swimming pool, horses, etc. 
All nestled among appro*. 2 i acres What s inside? Call for an ap­ pointment, nites 494 1832. 
3 4 9 -4 3 4 3 

O A K H ilts TERRACE 
4 -2 -2 , w alk to e le m e n tary school from this pretty, perfect hill side hom e, se p a ra te d b e d ro o m plan, c o ve re d potio. 
FOREST O A K S 
W a r m fam ily hom e, 
4 -2 -2 , ch arm in g din in g a re a w ith b a y w in d o w . Fireplace in den, h igh location, view . $ 4 1 ,5 o o . 
JUST LISTED 
L o v e ly fa m ily hom e, 2 story, 
4 b e d ro o m , 2 bath, carp eted, trees surrounds hom e a n d h u ge p atio . K en n y O a k s off 
C a H ag n a n Rd. 
■ J J . 'W H . O P T M 
W HITEHEAD-HOLLIDA Y 
6 8 1 - o 3 o o 
R E A L T O R 

2o Acres at **9 * acre oft 28IN 
Pretty ooks. excellent hunting 
Jim Ashley Reol Estate *84 427* 
••• M c C re le ss Center near, on 
Pom elo, den, new root Nothing dow n to a n y o n e ! C olt n o w ! 
923 19o4, 923.$2o* 
A R C IN IE G A R E A L T Y 

R E A L T O R S to* Saunders. Boerne Tx 
249-3*2*, 
249 284o. 
249 82** 
* A direct line 824 9l l 2 

* acre* Blanco area, high wiew, oak trees, spring. *9oo acre. Jim 
Ashley R eal Estate *84 427*_____ 
I * a c r e s c a m p s t a n l e y . 3 bdrm home, 2 bath, tivinq room with F P , d in in g ro o m com bo, family room, Saltillo tile and car­ pel, beautiful ooks W E ST R E A L 
TY ft** 1494 $79,5oo 

B Y O W N E R transferring, m ust sacrifice, 3-2-1, all apphcances, p aneled den, som e c a rp e tin g , near bases, low equity, assum e 
*2o2 per month. 
B rin g offer*. 
*73 **43 ___________ _ _ ____ 

M E D I N A L A K E , L a r g e y e a r round 2 bedroom home on park like fenced yard M any extras ' j block from lake $17,*oo. Roberta 
White *33-71*3, 333 97*3 
B O B JO N ES, R E A L T O R S 

N e a r 
L y tle , c u sto m b u ilt 
J I 1 ' den, nice yard, fruit hearing tre e s, g a td e n , fe n ce d , c ity water + 2 wells Sm barn f JUST LISTED-OAK 
\ 
HULS 

Jogging distance to Oak Hills 
Club or South Texas Medical 
Center. 
Rolling hills, shade trees surround this exclusive 3 bedroom, 2 bath home, 2 com­ plete ond separate living areas. 
W O N T LAST LONG. . . 

BOB M c G I N N I S © o ' 
R E A L T O R S 
< S ^ f S L 
V 349-621 I 

DEANIE 
OWENS CO 
REAITOKS— M IS 

Blanco Rd. Ole. 

We use the tines! energy saving features in our hom es so as to 
I O W ER your future utility costs. 
Coll now! 341-7o*7, 824-2381 
C LO SE TO B A S E S F T T carport. 
$155 payment, *17* total m ove in. 
Anyone can buy 
*74 *12*________ RISE Real Estate 
C LO SE TO L A C K I A N D 
Eniov the fam ily room, fireplace in this 2-1 Range and refrigerator sta y 
N o d ow n to V e ts 
C a ll 
924 4253, niles 923 *18* 

T R E E S T R E E S T R E E S 
W O N D E R F U L S H A D E 174 B A C K 
Y A R D . 3-2-2, cen tral h eot-air, w hite b ric k on a u ie t stre e t, vacant, move in now, clean. Just reduced *3B,Soo. *9* 1412 

48 Acres 
B Y O W N E R , 3 bedroom , I bath hom e on I 1 1 acre s. 1-426-3**1 
Covet R d lust south of M edina 
B a se 
R u n n in g cre e k 
H a s oil production, m in e ra ls included 
Call 
Eve 
Arnold 
73**58* or 
227 81o* 

H O R S E L O V E R S , This IS it!! 8o a c r e s of C o a st C r o s s g r o s s stalls, burns, house, pool and all the goodies Term s London M ar- tin 494 *992_______________________ 

J Houses on 4 acres, Villciref and 
S Z aria m o ro By O w ner Jam es 
W illiam s 1 *98 *134________ 
Hw y 4*, d o se to 281 J * acres, 2oo 
It Iron! 344 9**8 

O F F M A R B A C H RD. 4 bedroom, attached carport, central heat- air, range, re frig e ra to r, d is h ­ w a sh e r 
Low equity, m o n th ly p a ym e n ts SIS/, 7 'j ° o, $19,6oo. 
C H A R L E S W A T T S R E A L E S - 
T A T E 732-2918, 732-5355_________ 
O N L Y *22oo E Q U IT Y 4 bedroom, 
I 1 j baths, central heat-air, range, re frig ., N S Sc h o o ls, g a r a g e 
Paym ents *2o8, int, 9"o, *21,5oo 
3o M IL E V IE W during the doy. 
Call for details C H A R L E S W A TT S sparkling city lights every night. 
R E A L E S T A T E 732-2916, 732-5355 
Custom built 3 bedroom, 2 bath, 
O V E R 2,ooo sq. ft.! 2-story home double garage brick home. Sum- with 3 bedrooms, 211 baths, has m erfim e: Relax under m a ssive gam e room with wet bar... living shade trees. Wintertime: Bask in and fam ily room s too. D ou ble front of vour m assive rock fire- garage and workshop! place Over 2 acres of forest on a 
$53,9oo. R E A L T O R S 681-29oo private road. Peace, tranauility, and privacy, yet only 4 minutes to 
ITIx m x f l L | M I M n n f l n jskffjuarafsa."""- GUV CillDlliai) CO 

I to 2 acre tracts with beautiful view of toke la rg e oak trees, paved ro a d s, located on south side of lake 
Owner financing 
I 899-298o 

2,ooo sq. It , cu sto m b e a u ty, panoram ic view, heat a-lator fire­ place, air. Excellent cro ss ven­ tilation, b eautiful e v e rg re e n s. den, 3-2-2. M ust see to appreciate. 
Priced to sell, all term s 

SP A C E R A C E IS O V E R 
In this spacious 4-2-2, custom built home in Glen Oaks Park Fantas­ tic patio with Haw aiian bba Pit. 
Only $52,5oo Conventional 
B R E E Z E W O O D 
E xce lle n t 4 2-2 with p a rk like privacy fenced yard, walking dis­ tance to all 3 schools A bargain for this one near Medical Center, bases, shopping. O nly *35,5oo. 
Open terms 
E N C H A N T E D 
V IL L A G E 
TO W N H O U SE immaculate 2 bedroom, I' j bath, 
2 car garage, security, convell ranee and eniovment con be yours in this one Exercise, swim club and water included in low Condo fee. Only *33,5oo, assum e Conv 
W A LK TO J E F F E R S O N from this excellent 2 bed room hom e with fo rm a l livin g, f ir e ­ place, formal dining, large rooms. 
Located in M onticello H gts and only $32,5oo 

U N IQ U E IN BO TH location ond design! Off the Country Club en­ trance is a hillside, split level hom e with a w ood b u rn in g fire ­ place in the living room... a free standing fireplace in the m aster b e d room ., and, a m a r v e lo u s famjtv room with a IO' m a rb le topped bari 3 bedroom s in all plus 
Study and solarium 
*1o6,ooo. 
R E A L T O R S 
494-7771 

Century 21 
R E A L T O R *227-81oS 
W A K E F IE L D R E A L T O R S 
1 'i Acre* covered with oaks. SE 
*2295 333 3152___________________ 
3-2 C o n v e rte d g a r a g e , u tility room and office in g a ra g e — still leaves room to park sm all car. 
Central alr-heat, appliances, car pet. 
Nice yard 
Equity and assum e 

2 acres flo w in g stream , with 3 bedroom , 2 bath home. Only IO minutes east of SA Nites ASB 2o31. 

BO B B IL L A R E A L E S T A T E 
* 34-88o8 
333 14*8 
333-17*4 
N e a r S e a rs. 2-1 7 C h a in lin k fence, Senior citizen m ust sell due to illness $1o,5oo C A SH as is. No dealers, 922-41*9 Il- IP M 

IH IO N O R T H 
M o b ile hom e, it x 78 In A d ult 
Park A ie a 3 Bedroom s, 2 baths, central heat air 9 x 2o la u n d iy a n d sto ra g e bld g N ice la n d s caped lot with oaks, 824 *477, 
733 7141 

2o a c re s farm field ap p ro x 
4 miles north of Selm a off of F M 482 
$3ooo an acre, B y Owner. 22* 8271 
ENCHANTED FOREST 

See this beautiful home foi both 

 uiestige entertainment and tom 

'rulable family living 3 huge bv 
..Mi areas and even lutger 

' bedrooms All this and many other iixtios (or $69,5oo. 

6 Acres, 3oo It hath side perm creek, huge trees, 2 mf. Canyon 
Lake. Jim Ashley Realty 22* 7774 
Century 21 
N E A R W IL F O R D H A L L 
Large 2 story, 4 2* z-2, fireplace in den, separate living and dining, about 2ooo sq ft. Assum e or new loan $48,5oo 
Also have 4-2 with den at $3o,7oo 

2 A C R E S, Hwy 281 and 46 Beau tit ut building site. M ob ile home 
OK ASB 1137 
H R R A N S O M R E A L T Y *73 77o) 
*3 acre, 3 2 den, (beateeii 
828 o**5 
73* 17*6 
534 4439 
W A I SO N ii SO N R E A L TORS 
China G rove argo, I * acres 
*48 333oLG R IP P S R I TY *48 o441 
C lo se In 
Country living, few miles north of town L a rg e oak studded tract, water syste m , alec., telephone school bus, p a ve d m a d s N ew area, easy acc e ss to U S A A and 
UTSA. Call R a y Wood, 497 37*1 or eves 822-9355_____________________ 

U N IV E R S IT Y O A K S-B Y O W N E R 
3-2-2, cul-de-sac, large wooded lot, p riv a c y fenced, w ooden patio cover, fireplace, softener, carpet­ ing, m any extras, *44,9*o. NO 
A G E N T S. *9o 8391_____ 

S '? a cre s in H ill C ountry, Pipe 
C reek area, well, septic tank, electricity, m any trees. $15,5oo 
492-1212__________________________ 

3 bedroom, I bath, excellent con­ dition, S18.Soo Firm. 
344 *2*8 
341-6566 
342-6763 
Century 21 
; NAYLOR REALTY 
GALLERY OF HOMES 

$91-1121 656-552o 341 9191 

B e a u tifu l hom e on I a cre p lu s duplex in the back Home has 2799 sit It., 3-2-2, sewing room, 3 polios, s p a c io u s y a rd with pool, hon d y m a n d re a m w o rk sh o p w ith bath, 15 X 129. H E L E N S t A N G E L 
R E A L T Y 661 4187 nile* 317 *816 

Whitehead-Holiday 
*8 4 371) 
R E A L T O R S 
NO M O N E Y DO W N Large 4 be ' droom, 2 bath home , double g a r­ age. B e a u tifu l tire p ta c e , a p ­ pliances, wall to wall carpet 1st 
Pmt. July 
675-1*91 
473-491o 
P O IN T E R R E A L E S T A T E 

 ltd — 
IR R IG A T E D 
I have oth e rs" Call 
342 9338 
344-9424 
A m ust see. 4 huge bedroom s, 3 luxury baths, 21 tt fam ily room plus fireplace. 3o ft bool. C all 
824-4521. nites 674-o744 

M I S S I O N T R A C E 
? bedrooms, fireplace, must see lo appreciate All the lu x u rie s of good life. >64,ooo. 694-1412 

R E A L E S T A T E IN C 
Very appealing brick on treed ’ • a c re 
3-2-2. den ( F P ) . H ig h beamed ceilings in den and m as­ ter bedroom . Sprin k le r system . 
M a n y e x tra s . 
N e a r 
U T S A , 
Medical Complex. Only $*6,9oo 
826-2347. 

827 E W A K E O H S Flores, nice 2 bedroom on large fenced lot 
924 4525 
H A S K IN S R E A L T Y 
G R E A T B U Y 3-2-2, carpets, bail tin s, den w ith fir e p la c e 
B ig rooms. *3,ooo equity, $378 mo. Call 
IN T E R S T A T E 828-o7SS til 8 pm 
H A R L A N D A L E A R E A Spotless 2 bedroom, 2 bath, double detached garage. Corner lot M a n y extras. 
923-4327. 924 2922 

R o n a ld W illia m s o n ___ 
H A R L A N D A L E S C H O O L S neoi 
Division and Expressw ay, nice 3 bedroom, I bath, nice shady yard 
F H A appraised at *17,SSO H urry 
H U G H E S A B R IS C O E 
924 4331 
R E A L T O R S 
*75 o*9* 

Century 21 
L A R G E B U IL D IN G SIT E 
I m ile n orth (rom I OOO 1*o4 N.W d e sire d location, deeg soil a n d wooded area W aler, electricity, and phone Paym ents of $54,34 at 
7% sim p le interest a fte r s m a ll down pmt Lo s F e ller, *79 7229 

Real Estate 
C O U N T R Y L IV IN G ! 
B ig 3-2-den. huge tireptace. only 3 y e a r s old 
O n * tree stu d d e d acres Blacktop road on 3 sides 
Fence, cross-teneed Pleasanton, 
Texas, 349-4*o3, 494-2o4o 

W H IT E H E A D -H O L ID A Y 
341-7115______________R E A L T O R S 

S P A R K L IN G ! 
M R S I M M A C U A L T E is in r e ­ sidence in this lovely 4 bedroom, 2 bath c h arm e r on beautiful cul- de-sac lot. A super kitchen with all built-ins and double self-cleaning oven. A must see at *45.9oo 
R E A L T O R 
691-13oo 

M oving owner must sell, lovely 
4-2-2, p riva c y fence with shade trees. Large sunny kitchen, wdn refrig, dishw asher Convenient to 
UTSA, Med Ct 529 5oo. *9o-1542. 

W H AT YO U V E B E E N 
LO O K IN G F O R ' 
734 M C N E E L R O A D 
H O M E W ITH G U E S T H O U SE 
2 B E D R O O M , 2 BATH, D E N 
D dighttul all brick, perfect con dition B u rglar alarm , sprinkler, lovely corner Nothing left for the im agination! Show n by appoint­ ment $48,5oo 736-oo15, 
Beuioh M ae Keller, Realtor 

Just 14 mi. south at tics, 4 be­ droom, 3 both, den with fireplace, swim m ing, fishing and hunting 
J E R R Y 
B A C O N 
R E A L T O R 
I 742 3283. *22 3735, *22 3295 

O F F R I G S B Y 
3 b e d ro o m , 2 baths, fam ily room, wall to wall carpeting, covered patio, central heat-air, double garage A ssum e o r re fin a n c e . C o li a n y tim e . 
C H A R L E S W A T T S R E A L E S 
T A T E 732-2918, 732-5355__________ 

M U S T S E L L ! !! 
Loaded with charm, I very large liv in g a re a w ith c a th e d ra l ceilings, fireplace, and deluxe wet bar Separate dining, 3 bedroom s, high lot near M e d ica l C enter 
341 /2o1, nites 342 o829. Ask for 
V IR G IN IA N IE N O O R F F 

V A L E N C IA - 3 bedroom , 2 bath, liv in g -d in in g -d e n com bo, w ith b ric k fire p lace , u n d e r g r o u n d sprinklers, privacy fence Equity o r a s s u m e 
C a ll for d e ta ils. 
C H A R L E S W A T T S R E A L E S - 
T A T E 732-2918, 732 5355, 228-91o4 

6 a cre s L u c h e n b a th 
Bountiful la n d in h e a rt of L u c h e n b a c h co u n try. SS4o d o w n p a ym e n t 
584.23 per mo. O w ner financing tor information and appointment 
Coll 734 93*3_________ ______ 

2o9 Acres on County Road House 
Well B arn s 
Pens Joins Large 
R a n c h • G ood H o m in g 
O w ner 
Financed Good Term s 
Call *12 - 
257 53*9, After * oo P M.__________ 

,C O U N T R Y L IV IN G ! 9 m iles to 
Loop 4io All brick 3 bedroom, 2 oath, fireplace, garden room 3 acres, fenced. No down VA Will trade 
B O B D e P A O LO 
* 32 5251________________R E A L T O R 
C O U N T R Y S P E C IA L 
New on over I acre wooded land, 
4 bedroom s, 2 baths, 2-car ga r age, central air, carpeted, 2-story space-m aker with 17oo sq ft bv 
In a area. T H IS W E E K O N L Y 
*35,ooo See at 278U Bonn M oun­ tain J mi. north of 1*o4 on 281, left to B o rg fe ld Rd., then 3 mi to 
Bavarian Hills 
W IL L IA M S W IN N E Y 
491-1o72 
*58 o29o 

Lovely 3 bedroom , den, I bath home with large lot, owner being t ra n s fe rre d 
City C e n tra l Co. 
736-4555, M rs Cook 822-5519 

Off S 
P re sa , 2 bed room , only 
*14,975, no down paym ent to an­ yone. VA acquired. 
924 42Q9 A L L R E A L T Y 533 7987 
Century 21 
J U S T W H A T Y O U 
A R E L O O K IN G F O R 
F ir s t o ffe rin g 
C o n v e n ie n t to 
M edical Center ond USAA. Split level beauty. 3 bedroom, 2' 7 bath, form al living and dining, fam ily room will delight you. Call today 
344-2341 
BO B JO N E S, R E A L T O R S 

W H IS P E R IN G O A K S 
4 L a r g e B e d ro o m s, g ig a n t ic gam eroom . den with fireplace, form al living, dining. P a rk -lik e yard. Owner anxious. 
341-9)66 A N Y T I M E 

5 Acres, 2 m iles C a n yo n Lake, beautiful trees, no dow n $ ** 99 inc Jim A shley R e a lty 22* 7774 

O U T SO 
P R E S A - In G e o rg ia n 
Place, 3-2-2 beauty *3oo dn 
*9* 742o S L A T E R R L T Y *84 *1*9 

E L A IN E L U D W IG & ASSO C 
5 + Acre*, out of the ranch con ta m in g the h e a d w a te rs of the 
• LIT T LE B L A N C O " *3,8/*, IO",,. 
2o y e a r s to p a y af 8 “» 
H IL L 
H U G H E S, B R O K E R H22 173*. 

S U N K E N L IV IN G R O O M 
...is just one neat feature of this im m a c u la te 3-2-2 in C o lo n ie s 
N o rth ! Be am e d den with fire ­ place...built-ins... seoarotebreak fast area...drones. Lovely! M id 
4o's. 
69o-98o2 

Lovely 3 bedroom , den, t bath nome with large lot, owner being tra n sfe rre d . City C e n tra l Co. 
734-4555, M rs. Cook 822-5519. 
O W N E R O E S P A R A T E im m ocuolfe and vacant 3-2-2, in 
C a m e lo t ll. P R I C E D B E L O W 
R E P L A C E M E N T COST! 2 living areas, Form al dining, built-in kit­ ch en, p atio 
O W N E R 
W IL L 
C A R R Y L A R G E L IE N *34,5oo 
69o-98o2 

Y o u r c h ild re n w ill e n io v the 
N ortheast schools and the big back yard, and you'll love this spacious 4 bedroom, 2' 2 bath, and den home with lots of features and built-ins, in Oak Glen P a rk for only $57,5oo. 
349-1436 Anytim e 

Owner says Reduce equity $1ooo for m y 3-2-2. Kitchen complete, fenced yard. I Week occupancy 
Low equity, assum e 7 J4°o, *239 mo. 
675-285o 

IO m inutes from C a n y o n Dam , 
$*95 per acre. O w ner will carry note. 342 18o8 
B IL L 
H U G H E S, 
B R O K E R 
Century 21 
N E A R M A R S H A L L H IG H 
4 be­ droom, 2 bath home with living 
A N D fam ily room s! Sunny, open kitchen,., fenced Dockyard 
$34,5oo. 
R E A L T O R S 
681-79oo 
H O W A R D TA T E R E A L T O R S 
Alm ost A n Ar re! 59oo with only 
*1oo down. *3* 18 per month tor 71 months at 8 % A P R L A K E C R O F T 
R E A L E S T A T E 142 1**1 
_ _ ____ 

It '? Acres, I m r S E ot Blanco 
Undeveloped. Lot* of cedar and oak. low monthly pm t* B y owner. 
*53-4*88 otter lp m ______ 

.«• W H Y R E N T ? ••• 
B U Y -N o fn in g down to an yon e ! 
E a s y to q u a lify 
I, 3. a n d 4 bedrooms, some with appliances. 
C all now ! H a b la m o s E sp a n o l. 
923 19o4, 923-52o6. 
A R C IN IE G A R E A L T Y 

R E A L T O R S 
E A S T C E N T R A L A R E A 
4* acres beautiful brick home, needs finishing, huge oak trees, good fence*, workshop, see this make otter 
*48 333oLG R IP P S R L T Y *48 o441 

1o.2 A C R E S near Blanco. *7995, small down, long term financing bv owner. 534-887*._______________ 
R E A L T O R S S West Ole 
S U P E R B U Y , S U P E R L O C A ­ 
T IO N ! 3 b e d ro o m s, 2 Tull tile baths N e ar M e d ica l Center rn 
Sunset Hills Central neat ond air. 
Fenced 
$28,5oo 
Call 
824-o121 
A N Y T IM E 

I M M A C U L A T E 3 b e d ro o m in good area Nice yard with privacy fence 5)9,ooo Call now 
IN T E R S T A T E 828 o755 tit 8 pm 
*775 IS A L L it fakes to m ove info this 3 bedroom, I bath hom e with all appliances. Lik e new con d i­ tion, paym ents of only *1*o mo. 
*81 o6*o 

N EW ON M A R K E T ! Children can walk to N E schools, shopping and church Attractive 3 bedroom, 2 bath hom e on excellent V A As- sumbabie note. Pretty yard with large trees. 
SJ3.9Uo. 
494-7651 
A N Y T IM E 

INC, R E A L T O R S 
6o acres near Bandera, highway frontage, excellent bunting, equi ty and assum e 7°o note Montague 
Reolty 796-4132. 79* 4594. 

That's what you'll do when you see this cute 3 bedroom home that we have tost listed in G rass Val­ ley. Fireplace, stove, dishwasher and refrigerator are lust a few 
E X T R A S . Attractive financing. 
Cai) today. 

3-2-2. With fireplace, patio cover, p riv a c y fence, in Tw in C re e k 
Sub-Division, $38,5oo. *81-3952. 
B y *1ooo Ow ner sa y s sell this week 2 bedrooms, spic 'n span, with a brand new 2 car garage 
*215 Clark 

From the custom kitchen, to the new paint, 3-2 living room, family room, dining area, fenced yard, detached two car garage, with workshop and storage. L.A. Hgts. 
494-3448, A N Y T IM E 

 for a lot lest! G uie 4o m iles from yo u r ow n 85 a c re s w ith a lo g ca b in . 
J u st 4 '> m ile s fro m 
Boerne D avid Bam berger 
D O R IS H U N S IC K E R 344 9936 

IO A C R E S N E A R S E G U IN 
922 53S2 
__ 
W oodlaw n Area, 2 b ed room , I bath, carport Carpeted, range, refrig, Ready to move in. $14,ooo 
R E Y E S R E A L E S T A T E *5* *493. 

While they la it! 5 A cre Tracts, p a ve d ro a d s, a p p ro v e d w ater system, garden type soil. 
344 *2*8 
*84 *768 
923 *844 

3 9 A C R E S , N e a r St. H edw ig. 
R o a d fro n ta g e , m a n y trees, water, beautiful homesite *11,ooo or assum ption *59 1*44 

BO B B IL L A R E A L E S T A T E 
534-88o8 
333-14*8 
333-17*4 
S O U T H S ID E S P E C I A L , 3 be droom , appliances, carpet, pan e lin g in liv in g room , c e n tra l heat-air No down paym ent Quick possession. 
B E L L 
R E A L T O R S 
272 9495 

R E A L T O R S-5 o Years of T R U S T 
W O O D S O F S H A V A N O . L o o k 
M o m 1 No steps in this all brick 3 bedroom home, separate room 
(or study or office, corn e r fire ­ place, adds a cozy nore to fam ily room, 2 iovely baths, large native oaks in landscaped yard, P ric e reduced to *52,9oo 

344-62o7, 684-433o A n ytim e 
GALE REAL ESTATE 
R EA LTO R S-SO Years pl T R U ST 
N E W ON TH E M A R K E T IN C A S­ 
T L E H IL L S ! All brick Colonial w ith c e d a r sh a k e roof 
4 b e ­ drooms. two baths. Carpeted liv­ ing room adioras dining with un­ ique Saltillo floor. Complete elec­ tric kitchen, breakfast room and family room have terrazo floors. 
Fam ily room has fireplace, book­ shelves and beamed ceiling. 18 ti. extra room for utilities and hob­ bies bas loads of built-ins. 36' patio o v e rlo o k s tree stud ded ya rd . 
Walk to shopping. 
824-o121 
A N Y T IM E 

Near Floresville 
1*8 acres, well, ponds, call tor details, Call Olga 

ERA 
JACK MITCHELL 
532*31o7 Realtor 
673-o1o8 

Kingsborough spacious three be droom, one and a half baths and paneled garage with A X 8 glass door, house completely carpeted with plush carpeting Y o u 'll like the Spanish style floors, brick and flowered paneling, toolshed aud more. 
M a n y extras 
*19,ooo 
922-2395.__________________________ 
L O V E L Y 3 B E D R O O M D O L L 
H O U SE- I Both, garage Nothing down to anyone. P rice d lo sell, 
*16,975. 
Pmts. 
*1*5. 
Shown anytime. 
6751691 
674-1777 
P O IN T E R R E A L E S T A T E 

Com fortable 3 bedroom , 2 bath h om e in the St 
M a r y 's a re a 
Large, carpeted living room. Just reduced to *18,ooo. 
684-o753 
*539 B A N D E R A 
M A R T IN E Z R E A L T O R S 

R E A L T O R S-N . West Otc 
N e a r S o m e rse t, lo ts of tre e s 
R E A electricity, A tasco sa Co 
Country hying at its best Cecil 
Orrick 
Don Smith Broker 
735 8ooo 

L A R G E O L D E R H O M E 
Spacious 2 bedroom. 2 bath home with fireplace and built in book cases, I bedroom apartm ent in rear. *28,5oo. 

Surrounded by lovely 3 bedroom, 
2 bath home. It s ail in Castle Park for only $57,5oo! Come and see it soon. 
341 4491 
Nites 344-16o3, 341-4728 
G E O R G E FLO O D, R E A L T O R S 

E X C E L L E N T F O R 
SU B D IV IS IO N , *4 A C R E S 
ST G E R A R D S 
2 Bedroom s Desirable location, large lot, garage, fenced. Open terms 
923-5911 
F R A N K R G O N Z A L E S, Realtor 
TW O P A T IO S! 
Yes, not one, but two patios are but m any of the extras in this well m aintained home. 3-2-2 with over 
19oo sq.ft. tor under *35,ooo E ve s 
533-7*77 

S m iles IM 3* to w ard New 
B raunfels on ? good county road s 7 tan ks, black rand, fenced, f re e * W ate r lin e s 
(font and rear. Owner carry 
Santex Co., Realtors 4*3 o4*o 

T E X A S S IZ E G R O U N D S a n d home. Older rock 3-2-2-den, newer kitchen, fireplace, many unusual features of value. Buy today and re-do your woy! 824-45o7 

A 2o a c re irriq ate d farm , nice home, natural gas, on pavement, pond Sell at appraised value Call 
I 772 3o*9 a n y tim e 
I 771-3o94 after Spm 

342-3111 
R E A L T O R S 
*96 *o77 
Woods of Shavano, By Owner. 3-2, 
2 fireplaces, m any extras, 4527 
Cypress Woods. *59,9oo. 492-ISSI 

Not in a sub-division Off Hwy 
281, lust I i m in norfh of m alls 
*16oo per acre ow ner financed 
Call Jim H an le y, B ro k e r, S A direct dial 497-J62! Anytim e 
W hispering O aks Garden Home, 
2288 sq. ft., custom gam eroom , contem porary. *59,9oo. 344-3471 
Nites 341-/697. 
BO B B R E N N E R R E A L T O R S 
LYTLE REALTY 
L E E H IG H No Down VA 
Rock 3-2-2 tn-levei with huge backyard, fam ily room, iorqe separate gameroom, 225o sq ft. in Castle Hills under **4,ooo 
344-5*64 Hart M cCorm ick 344 2993 

When you see this 4 bedroom , 2 bath and den prestige hom e in 
W hispering Oaks, with outstand­ in g sw im m in g pool a n d p atio area, under towering Oak frees 
Just listed at $76,8oo 
349-1436 A n y tim e 

M C C O L L U M A R E A L a rg e 3 be droom, 11» bath with den Large lot 923 43 F H A appraisal *2o.ooo 
923-4327, *26-1777 
R onald W illiam son_ 
M E A D O W V IL L A G E E xtra nice 
3-2-2 on cul-de sac, fam ily room, patio, p riv a c y fence, ca rp e ts, heat air, *28.7oo W are Realty 
734-o193 
__________ 

497 3*21 R E A L T O R S 1 + 438 /442 
S acres on spring fed creek SA '* down paym ent. S I OS 29 per mo 
Owner will fin a n ce 
B ig frees. 
Beautiful view s C all for m ore information 734 9*98 
Century 21 
D E L A N E Y R E A L T Y 453 o55o 

G u ad alu p e fron tage, a cc e ss to 
River. Sw im m ing, boating, ond fish in g H o m e site or for wee- bends. N orm an 494-37*4. 

I or 2 a c re s, 12 m r fro m S A 
Beautiful oaks *5o down Owner financed 
Call 
Bill 
H arper 
494 7412 

R E A LT O R S-5 o Years of T RU ST 
D E L A N E Y R E A L T Y *53-o55o 
Reduced price. L a rg e 4-2-2, all brick, excellent condition, all kit­ ch en a p p lia n c e s, c a rp e te d , draped, 2 living areas, dining, and entertainment potio *84-8*54 

Perm eates this beautiful rustic contem porary Vibrant and bold colors skylighted solarium , tiles, deck and living plants m akes this 
4 bedroom and study 4 bath home, p lu s q u a rte rs, e s p e c ia lly a p ­ pealing. Let us show you! 
349*1436 A n y tim e 

NEW 4-2-2. SSI, 575 
Ex ecu tive Hom esite 
L arge heavily wooded homesite on c o rn e r. 
E x c lu s iv e a re a between Sa n Ped ro and Blanco 
R d W ater, e le c tric ity , p a ve d ro a d s 
C a ll C h a rle s B a ile y , 
497 37*2 or eves *73 2552 
494 3448, A N Y T IM E 

« N E A R SO M E R S E T • 
25 acres plus large 2 story home, central heat and air, several out buildings, inside 1*o4 472 3363 
R E N F R O R E A L T Y 

B e a u tifu l fa m ily hom e, 3 b e ­ drooms, 2 baths, double garage, living-dining room, large fam ily room, lots of built-ins. This lovely home is on 1 > acre covered with huge trees. !2x2S covered patio, excellent location. Priced to sell 
446,5oo 
Reese Henry 
Realtor 
655-3584 
N ite s 
653-7791 

Lovely 3 bedroom, 2 bath home in 
H ig h la n d Hills. N e a r shop p ing center and busline Large fenced backyard Immediate occupancy. 
V A a p p ra ise d at *2o,6oo 
F o r viewing, call 342-4115 A N Y T IM E 

Paneled garage, fenced patio corpet, stove, dishwasher 
V A-FH A. 824-1279. 24 Hrs 
R O O M FO R A L L 
Your family, friends. 4-2' i-2, 3 big living areas, quiet tree-shaded street. Convenient SW Research, 
SW Medical. Walk to school. 
M A C R E A L E S T A T E 828-2521 
R O O M 
FO R 
T H E W H O LE 
F A M IL Y 
Spotless 4 2-2 with a playroom , office, fam ily room with fireplace, formal living, formal dining, cu s­ tom drapes, screened patio and more! Immediate occupancy. 
*99 1133 
R E A L T O R S 341-5423 

On Sulphur Springs Rd. Beautiful oaks, L a V e rn ia schools Owner financed Bill Harper, 494-7412 
N E W T H IS W E E K 
Lovely 1oo“o white brick 3-2-2 in 
Science P a rk Has central heat- a ir a n d e n c lo se d patio. O p en terms, 
$31,ooo. 
Call today 
341-4484. 

N E A R L A C K L A N D A N D K E L L Y 
- B e a u tifu l 3 b e d ro o m 2 b a th home, with extra$. Nothing down to anyone, pm ts, *268. H u r r y ! 
Wont't last! 
*75-1691 
623-572o 
P O IN T E R R E A L E S T A T E 

8 A C R E S, south. Well, electricity, 
19 large oak trees 923 8o42 
A A A -B A R G A IN Off E Houston. 4 bdrm s, 2 baths $25o down. 
*9* 742o S L A T E R R L T Y *84-61*9 
GALE BEAL ESTATE 
N ear U T SA , M edical Center, etc., fine hom esite with water $55oo 
T re e s, la r g e lu x u r y c u sto m hom es all around you A bargain 
H B G 
Reol 
Estate, 
342-1**1 or 
*79-71*o 

INC, R E A L T O R S 
3.2 A C R E S with frontage on Son 
Antonio River, Just south of Loop 
41o. Frontage on Viltem in Rd * living units, term s, owner financed 
H U G H E S A B R IS C O E 
924 4331 R E A L T O R S 
I 6*3-5597 

Y O U 'V E E A R N E D IT 
A home of vour own. Nice 3 be­ droom , 2 bath, in E a st Central schools, central air-heaf, carpet, built-ins, low equity buy. Priced 
*27,45o. Nites 448-o625 

T H E O LD SO UTH is captured in the elegant charm of this Colonial home, stately white pillars invite you to (rue gracious living enjoy true gracious living in one of San 
Antonio's great areas. This home has 5 bedrooms, 2' ‘i baths, fam ily room has fireplace, separate liv­ ing-dining. Churchill Hi 

A cross M cCreless on Pam ela 2 bedroom with den, covered patio and 2 car garage with workshop. 
$25o dn. 
B E L L 
R E A L T O R S 
222 9465___________ ___________ 

N E A R S K Y H A R B O U R area. No qualifying-take over 3 bedroom , only $157 mo, centro! air or only 
$147 stove, refrigerator. 
733-911I 
B 
Gonzales 
623-1369 
5 o N IG H T IN G A L E 
Lovely remodeled I bedroom , I 1* bath, huge den, living and dining. 
Screened porch separate garage, walk to Kennedy Hi V a appraisal at $26,ooo. Vacant 

Large wooded Hilltop Hom esite with spectator view, large heavy 
Oak T rees U tilities p lu s water system. North of Hollywood Park, ouf S a n P e d r o 
T e rm s 
Tom 
Toylor 494 5237 or 349 5723 

L E O N V A L L E Y , 3-2-2, fam ily room with fireplace, formal living room , ca th e d ra l ceiling, in te r­ com , sk y lig h t, ro ck patio e n ­ trance 14oo sa tt. 139,5oo. *84-7297 

NO DO W N P A Y M E N r 
E A S Y TO Q U A L IF Y 
Non Vets Accepted 
3-4 Bedroom s, mony with 
Central air and appliances 
227 o227 W A TSO N & SON *55-854* 

3-2-2, 75°oBrick, carpeted, sepa tro te d in in g room , a ir heat, covered breezeway, large lot with trees, plenty storage space, bar- gain of $28,9oo. 333-8913___________ Century 21 
IO A C R E S with road, well, clee and septic tank Paved road Iron loge, 15 m in. N o rth of 1*o4 
$35,5oo. *53 2883 
_____________ 

J u st opened, 2 to 5 ac tra c ts 
Rolling O aks Estates, convenient 
U T SA -L .A F,B Pre development p ric e s from *3,ooo OC 
Low dn 
W ooded re stric te d h o m e site s 
Electricity, paved streets, no city taxes 673-7827, *84 7395, 432 o37o. 

L E O N V A L L E Y - By owner 3-2-2, separate living and dining, family ro o m w ith fire p la c e , dinette, co ve re d patio, p riv a c y fence, carpet, drapes. *48,5oo. *84-1437 

H A P R E S E R *53-6182 Anytim e 
F IR S T T IM E O F F E R E D ' 
F o u r \* a c r e p a r c e ls 
So ld together or separately $2oo per acre, in 
San 
Antonio near 
Randolph. 

Shearer Hills, 3-2, playroom, new central air, m any trees on .5 acre, convenient to all shopping, by owner, $39,9oo 344-6575.__________ 

NO RTH SA N A N T O N IO H IL L S 
Lovely country home, over I acre of land, 3-2-2 M u st see to a p ­ preciate 349-1479 
Hector J. Herbeck inc., Realtors 

3-1 Cp B y Owner, st,2oo equity 
Highland Hills 674-8159 
342-3111 
R E A L T O R S 
344-8227 
A A A B A R G A IN - N e a r K e lly 
3 bed room s, garage. $2oo down. 
July payment 
696 742o S L A T E R R L T Y 698-2116 

33 a cre s near L e a k e y T e xa s • 
B e a u tifu l - R o u g h R u g g e d 
Heavily Wooded Deep Canyons - 
L o ts of G a m e . *3 o o.o o O w n - 
Owner financed. E a sy Term s Al so Large r and Sm aller Acreage 
A vailable Phon e S I? - 2*7 5369 
Atter 6:oo P M. and weekends 

Oelicrest, bv awner, avail A u g 
3-2-2 brick. Living room. den. cent air-heat, m any extras. Low 3o's. 
648-1429 att 5 tor O P P '! ________ 

O L D C O U N T R Y H O M E 
5 Acres, remodeled real nice, garden, 7o' greenhouse. 3 Bedroom , I both, 
B y Owner *42,ooo 923 1884 
Century 21 
S H E N A N D O A H 
B y ow ner, 
3-1-1, c a th e d ra l ceilings, built-in kitchen, paneled den, ca rp e tin g , central, 12x12 galvanized shed on slob. 696-3956. 

L I I — 
J A. D E S S 
Broker, Buy or Sell for You. Call: 
22A-8357 
342-9338 
344-9424 
Of this beautifully kept, large 4 bedroom in Woodlawn Hills has reudced it to $39,ooo for quick sale! Y ou'll love the large yard with trees, the spacious separate d in in g and den 
341-72o1, nites 
341-8294 R E A L T O R S - 

W hitehead-Holiday 
684-3711______________ R E A L T O R S 
Older 5 room house on 2 lots Near 
Kelly Field. 623-37o2___________ 

D E L L C R E ST- 3 bedroom s, car peted b e a u ty. G a ra g e , h u g e 
Dockyard. 
No down 
VA. will trade. 
696-742o S L A T E R R L T Y 349-9278 

ON F M 1863 
N ear acre, corner O akridge D r 
O w ner financed 824 7334 
Dixie Rose, Realtor 

Exceptionally clean and spacious is this well built 3 bedroom home, 
In a prestigious area with num er­ ous pleasing features you will find it well priced at $57,9oo 828-8241, rates *55-2437 
DON JO H N SO N , R E A L T O R S 

L IT E A N D L O V E L Y 
2 year old 3-2-2, near pool ond tennis area, fam ily and liv in g area flow together. This fine home only $36,9oo, Oft Bandera, low tax. 
W E E K S B E A T BU Y 
Popular Sun Valley, Owner leav rag town, must sell this 3-2-2 with all the g o o d ie s. A s s u m e low monthly notes. Only $33,9oo. 
F O R E S T O A K S 
New burnt gold carpet adds to the beauty of this large 4-2-2, huge den, pretty tree shaded yard. Low 
4o s Have 3 in this popular area. 

Until we can work out the details, for a sm all investm ent that will m ove you into a hom e of your ow n. A n y o n e co n b u y th e se 
G overnm ent Owned hom es. F in ­ ancing available 
673-2271 

Shenandoah, by owner, 3-1-1, cen­ tral heat and air, beamed ceiling, 
32 oak trees in back yard. 7 ' 2°o o rig in a l F H A loan. P aym e n ts, 
$174. *96-3958 

For sale or trade, 12 acres with im provem ent*, 4 miles south New 
Braunfels, trade for home, land, or business. 1 625 5822___________ 

Beautiful 3 bedroom, 2 bath home on 8' i acres. Call I 742 8931 Atter 
S, all doy Sat________ 
_____ 

Palm Hgts. 3 bedroom, I bath 2 carport 124* sq.ft of fully c a r­ peted living area. Corner lot City bus I blk $23,ooo R E Y E S R E A L - 
T Y 656-6493 ______________________ 

D e llcre st brick 3-2-2, gen den, central heat and air, corner 
L E O N A R D , R E A L T O R S 
333-o64o__________________ 661-3322 
Dellcrest. Brand new, all brick, 3 bedroom, 2 bath, large fireplace, country size kitchen, 2 car g a r ­ age, V A -FH A . Will trade Call Ann 

ERA 
JACK MITCHELL 
532-31o7 
Realtor 
648-33o7 

R E P O S 
T ake over p a ym e n ts 
T h e ir lo ss is y o u r g a m ! 1972 prices. Adiacent to Canyon Lake 
Call M yro n L. Maples, broker 
342 18o8 _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ 

T H E S U M M IT 
J U S T L IS T E D ! Large and lovely 
2-story 4 bedroom Spanish with arches, fireplace, built-ins. Im ­ maculate! $53,9oo 
R E A L T O R 
691-13oo 

S T O P 
C a u se th is is just w hat y o u 're looking for, and if s a 3 bedroom , 2 bath and garage, paneled den, carpet, and m uch m o re ! E a s y equity and $2o2 per mo 
B R IG H A M R E A L T Y 673 14o) 
S U T H E R L A N D S P R I N G S 
2 acres, la rg e 3 bed room hom e, refinance. Call Olga 

ERA 
JACK MITCHELL 
532-31o7 
R e alto r 
673-o)o8 

Southeast near C a ia vare s I ake. nam e your term s, We will con sider all offers A sking $297*. La- kecrott. Inc 927 7441 ______ 

T h is lo v e ly 3 b e d room hom e, located on a tree studded lot in 
Oak Hills Terrace. She will love all these special features 
Large living room, dining room, fam ily room and breakfast area, fenced yard Priced at $39,925, M om will love this Colonial style home. 
684-433o 344-62o7 Anytim e 

Guadalupe R iver North, Close in, near B oerne Tw o a cre s, huge trees, a ll to p so il a n d g r a s s 
Robert Smith, B ro k e r *98-2o61, eve 494 *777 

R EA LTO R S-Sec. SVC. Ole 
O A K H IL L S 
S P L IT L E V E L 4 bedroom . 2'z bath b ric k and ced ar on h igh landscaped lot. Built-in kitchen, auto garage door openers, m any extras. $6o,65o. 
R E A L T O R 
691-13oo 

F R O M 3 to 16 A C R E S Owner fin anced, south of Somerset. 
684-4211, P IO N E E R R E A L T Y 

Alm ost 'j acre with 3 bedroom home on W Pryon. $26,ooo Owner w ill fin a n c e at low in te re st. 
924-8116, 333 3429 
H Y A T T R E A L E S T A T E 
A M E R IC A N A B E A U T Y - 3 2-1, air, $25o down, no paym ent tit 
July. 
69* 742o S L A T E R R L T Y 684 6169 

O W N E R L E A V IN G M U S T S E L L ! 
N ice b rick hom e on t '» acres, 
2115 $q ft of living area, double attached garage, Rice fireplace in fam ily loom, larqe kitchen, 3 be droom s, with walk in closets, 2 full baths, large air condition system low e le c tric b ills 
I y e a r old 
$41,ooo P A U L H O W E L L R E A L 
E S T A T E , 
Pleasanton, 
$69 2175, 
569-24o8 
_ 
_ 
_ 
_ _ _ _ _ 

Century 21 
Century 21 
G RO W Y O U R O W N G R O C E R IE S 
62 acre term and sm all home wiih b a rn s and a p ond G o o d level block land in cu ltivation E a st 
Central Schools near Randolph 
$1,85o per a c re -c o n s id e r your hom e or lot in trade. C all Jim 
M itc h e ll to r b r o c h u re 
N ew 
Braunfels t-62S-o484 
____ 

3 Bedroom mobile home, huge lot, gard en, trees, s to ra g e sheds, fenced 1-438-2868 

D U P L E X + C O T T A G E 
Hi inc, lo price, owner carry 
533-1oo9 Respondek Rlty 6S6-S667 
E a stw o o d V illage, 3 b ed room , carpeted, central air and heat. 
L E O N A R D , R E A L T O R S 
333-o*4o__________________ 6*1-3322 
E v e ry th in g for the fom ily and entertaining! 2' > acres on the San 
Antonio R ive r near San Jose M is ­ sion, 4 bedroom s, 2 baths, den, fo rm a l liv in g and d in in g , 23’ recreation room with fireplace. 
Heated pool, custom grill, green­ house and a garden ready to har­ vest! $125,ooo. 494 7*51 A N Y T IM E 

E L A IN E L U D W IG & ASSO C 
Whitehead-Holiday 
.*84-371 1______________ R E A L T O R S 
LOW E Q U IT Y ! 
N E A R 
U T S A 
A N D 
M E D 
C E N T E R ! 4 bedroom s, 2 baths, fireplace, carpet. $3*,9oo. 
R E A L T O R 
691-13oo 

T H U N D E R B IR D H IL L S 
E q u ity b u y u n d e r 
$48oo, paym ents $288, 3-2-2, Carpeted, drapes, built-ins, 681-2oo3________ 
Century 21 
B L A N C O 3 a c re s , I m i. from river Beautiful view, lots ot trees, small spring flowing year-round 
6argom-$i2oQ down, $6o per mo 
648 1142 

R E A LT O R S-B a n d e ra Rd. Otc 
E L A IN E L U D W IG & ASSO C 
A R E A L A C K L A N D 3-1-1, $165 p a y m e n t 
$1oo dow n, f ir s t paym ent July. V e te ran s, save your eligibility. 
674-6126________R& E Reol Estate 
A T T E N T IO N ! 
Bellaire ond McCollum residents! 
Call now for F R E E m arket a n ­ alysis. No obligation, or drop by 
118 W Hutchins. 924 4253 

T op of Adam s Hill; Beautiful 3-2 2 
B y O w n e r 
F u lly C a rp e te d , 
Fenced, Central air-heaf, H uge 
M aster Bedroom , Liv in g Room , 
N o City T a x e s, $37,ooo 
19o3 
Farm sviHe *73-o66o 

SO C L E A N IT S Q U E A K S ! Just listed, no equity, 3 bedroom , 2 
Oath home on corner lot, carpet­ ed, central air, built-in kitchen. 
P rice d tor Quick sale! A ssu m e 
$232 mo. 681 o**o. 

O W N E R M u st Sell I acre NW 
Util., oaks, paved roods. *84 277o 
Lovely split leve, all modern with appliances, carpeted, fireplace, near all 
NS 
Schools. 
Owner anxious. 
*74-1445 

2-1, dining, front porch, I car, walk to bus, school. $15,25o VA 
341-4455 
R E A L T O R S 
735-2276 
Century 21 
M O D E R N R O C K 3-2 2 with 19x2o gam eroom , all located on 3 oak covered acres. $59,goo 

4 P L U S A cre s, good view, elec­ tricity, septic tank perm it Exc. 
Rood. $12,ooo with $2ooo down 
Balance is y rs at 8’ <“•. Financed by owner *95 32o5 *95 89o$ 

V a lle y Hi. C le o n , 3 b e d ro o m h om e 
N o d ow n to a n y o n e ! 
Range, refrig, garage. You pay 
O N L Y low d o sin g costs and $171 mo 
B R IG H A M R E A L T Y 673 14o1 
V A L L E Y H I- N ice 4 bed room , separate dining, large den, 18oo sq ft. living area, privacy fence 3 air units, range, large storage 
Only $22,7oo C H A R L E S W A T T S 
R E A L E S T A T E 732 2918, 732 5355 

E L A IN E L U D W IG A ASSO C 
I To 2oo Scenic acres on paved road near sub-division. Approx 
25 mi. North of 281 o verlooking large valley. Wild game plentiful 
$1,2oo per acre, 25"o dn. Ow ners will finance. 5)2 629-2234__________ 

B R IC K 3-2-2 with separate 2 car garage tor the hob b yist All si m ated on acre, outside city limits, convenient to 
IH to 
$49,8oo 

•O FF B LA N C O R D * 
N ic e ly re m o d e le d 2 b e d ro o m hom e, se p a ra te d in in g ro o m , corner lot, garage with possible apartment $8oo down, owner wilt c a r r y w ith low m o n th ly payments: 
O P E N 
7 
D A Y S 
A 
W E E K . 
A L L S T A T E R E A L T O R S 
1o58 B A N D E R A RD. 

H IL L C O U N T R Y R E A L T Y 
424 M ain SI 
Boerne, Tx 
(512)249 2o31 Collect 

T ire d of w ondering what yo u r home is worth’ Call our qualified staff for your F R E E home m arket analysis. 
684-o753 
6539 B A N D E R A 
M A R T IN E Z R E A L T O R S 

F o r so little, yo u ’ll agree. A 4 bedroom, 2 bath Close to U T SA - 
N e a r-n e w co n d itio n , fo r o n ly 
$29,9oo Won t last long, call now, 
824-2391 (A n ytim e) 

W hispering Oaks. This 2 bedroom garden home has a lovely living room, dining area, and paneled den with rock fireplace. A Beau­ tiful brick and ced ar fence su r­ ro u n d s a 14 X 3* heated pool 
Large dogrun and lots more. 
49o-95o2. 
REALTY 
WORLD 
L A N D M A R K 
R E A L T O R S 

2 B E D R O O M . 2 B A T H , 14x65 
Boanza M o b ile hom e on 2 oak studded lots with 16x18 storage building. *2o,5oo. 

J 'i acres 
$21oo R epossession 
M a k e up 5 back paym e n ts and toke over balance L A K E C R O F T 
R E A L E S T A T E , 342-16*1 

 with large oak trees, located on 
F ly in g L R a n c h in B a n d e ra 
Priced to set! 
"fa st” ! 
(512) 
655 5794 
V A L L E Y H I. W e ll-k e p t 4 be droom , 2 bath home with lorge family room central air-heat, and all appliances Eq uity reduced, total p ric e 522,7o9 
A s s u m e paym ents of *1*1. 674-5411 

• 
Off B lan co -W e izm an area, den, bus near, nothing down to anyone. 923-19o4, 923-52o* 
A R C IN IE G A R E A L T Y 

R A N C H S T Y L E R O C K 4 2-2 On 4 4 acres an fenced with view of the surrounding hill country. *85,ooo. 

R E D E C O R A T E D 3-2 B R IC K on 2 large city lots. All fenced $38.SOO 

REALTO W S-Austin Hwy Ole 
Hill Country 5 acres. 5425 down payment, 5*6 3o pet month M any trees, rolling hills Owner financ­ ing available. C a ll for appom t- ment 734 7964 
_____ 

On Bandera Hwy. 3 8 miles from 
P ip e C re e k. 9 868 a cre s, 3 b e ­ d ro o m , co u n ty hom e- a p p r o x ­ imate 45o ft highw ay Owner will consider financing or sun dividing 
Charlie Outs! 344-7341, 732-I7So 
B O B J O N E S, R E A L T O R S 

O F F M A ID E N L A N E - 3 bedroom, 
111 baths, range, central heat, attached garage. Low eouitr, *141 mo., *15,8oo. C a ll a n y tim e . 
C H A R L E S W A T T S R E A L E S 
T A T E 732-29181 732-5355. 

Because it's a whale of a buy 3 b e d ro o m s with su n ke n fam ily room and fireplace. Located in a ve ry desirable Northw est loca­ tion. Selling for $32,ooo and only 
*1,45o down or no down on VA. 

Let vour home equity be the IO"- or 2o°o down payment! 8' 2°<> now! 
Going u p ? ? ’ ’ 8 models open dai ly ! Callaghan at Vance Jackson! 
LOB IM I f A S T I s t B f S U l t S 
O N A W A N T A O 
IH I NU M 6te to CAU 
IS 225 1*66 i X P e t s s A N O N I w s 

Westwood Village im m aculate 3 bedroom home, no down paym ent and only $165 mo. A n y o n e can buy! Range, fenced, and m ore! 
B R IG H A M R E A L T Y 673-14o1 

I 249-8532 
S U N D A Y B Y A P P T O N L Y 
W A K E F IE L D R E A L T O R S 
— 
N 
W 
. ' 
------ 
IS 225-1666 
IXPBtSS AND NtW S 

 p i A c t roue w a n t a d 
IN TH I f X P R iS S N t W S 
CALL 22 5 1666 
Century 21 
IN Tnt (X P B L S 5 N t W S 
CALL 2 2 5 -1 6 6 6 
I* 22$ 1666 iX P R E S S A N D N E W S 
Schneider Realty 

^ 

17568867 

CALL 
1- 8 8 2 -5 o o 1 

CORPUS CHRISTI 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday May 8 I 977 m - e w i M i i P w r a i T T 

LEASE _ _ _ _ 
? 3 2 FARMS AWD RAHCHES 
RENTALS 
H U N T IN G RANCH ll? A c res on H w y I i at K e rr-' 
Bandera County line. backs ut) to 
IO OOO a c r e ra n c h 
P le n ty of acm e 
7 sm all sprint; ted takes stocked with Bass and catfish 
C o m fo rta b le c a b in , tu r n ,shed, sleeps 6 
JACK JACKSO N R E A L E S TA TE r n - r n 5 ar t 589 283/ 

232 FAMES MB) (MOES 
FRONTIER 
RANCH 

NOW LEASING 

NORTHSIDI OFFICES, 
WAREHOUSE, 
AND INDUSTRIAL SPACE 
PRIME LOCATIONS 
CALL STEVE MILLER 

MEDINA LAKE 
Investors! 
! Acre or (setter, on Bogo* "os S* 
Good tacetton for shopping center 
- O' s office, etc bites 494-183? 

FOR SALE! 
Severn! aportments to choose from IO 25, or more Northville or Southside 
Coll for detoils 
Niles 194 (832 

Grocery Stores 
One in operation with Itwing 
Oucrters. Othets fully equipped, ready to go Both hove rental in­ come. Mites, 73S-4128. 
349-4343 

I BABCOCK VILLA APTS!!' 
» 
"*,o1 $ Fredericksburg R oad 
I 
( 

EFFICIENCIES, 
I, 
2, 
3 
BEDROOM J 
APTS. Convenient living at moderate y 
Trices ranging from $155. to $365. t 
I 

Fully equipped. 2 Pools, Tennis C o u rts .! * 
FURN. OR UNFURN. RATES. 
I « 

 this immaculote 2 1? home is ideo! lot the peace and quiet of retire merit living 
There is a Iota* workshop o summer room, plus o 3 room guest house on this mr* fruit and pinon 'tees and o gteat rn hoi odds to the beauty of native bees bn tim well tetroced 
■ oteifiont lot (overed boat storage and a fleeting boot dock complete the- arrangement Niles i i i d?!8. 
DAY OR NIGHT 655-6848 

Building sights on beautiful old. fiowmq creek with m oiesbc oaks to shade your re trea t OR rein* ut the high hilts w ith breath takmq JO mile views T ra n q u illity , only IO mites N W ot Loon toot See 
C R E E D O N SPRINGS RANCH 
Anytim e Coit collect. Ranch A C 
( S i n 535 4391, 547 SOU. or S A a ?8 783o ______ _________ 
Country Home 

And Income 

M E D IN A C O U N T Y , W Acres. 85 farm , balance pasture, deer, sub stonfiat down paym ent, ow ner will fin a n c e C o n ta c t E to ise P e te r 
349 5151 W o4 53._______________ 

Fashion your own acreage spread under the clear skies of 
South Texas! Buy as many 25-acre tracts as you w ant! 
S875 down, per tract. 
Monthly payments as low as $68.34. Owner financed at 8VM in­ terest. Drive south on 
State 
Highway 
16 through 
Tilden to 
Farm Road 624, turn left to U.S. 59, then turn right 11 miles to entrance. Sales office open from 8:3o a.m. to 5:3o p.m. Satur­ days and 
Sundays. 
Tracts shown at other times by appoint­ ment. 

6 9 o -o 3 o o 

M E D IN A C O U N T Y RAN CH 
124 A c re s , 25 m m fr o m SA 
4 tro d *, house, w indm ill, well tank ond gam e Good term s $575 per acre Owner. 534-5443. 534 o91/ 
SM ALL M O T E L . D E V IN E 
Good condition 
Land fo r e n la r cement P riced to m ove 
Please h u r r y SAM W O R D . R E A L T O R 
I 663 2621 Devine. Tx 
_______ 

GREAT A M E R IC A 

C O 
M 
P A N I A 
M E D I N A L A K E A R E A 
23o ac good road frontage, ralhnq black soil P er Ar. 5(9oo 
45 ac nice ham esites off paved rood, large oaks. P er Ac $ t2oo 
13o ac. ’ i m ile road front, beau­ tiful land. oaks Per Ac. SHOO 
M O F F E T T L U M B E R CO 432 7881 
"F o rm A Ranch R ealtors 

B y o w n e r , 
N o r t h w e s t 
N e a r 
U T S A 
R u s tic 

 r o c k a n d c e d a r o n t o p o f 
4 5 w o o d e d 

 a c r e s . 3 5 y e a r s o ld w i t h 5 r o c k f ir e p la c e s , 

6 b e d r o o m s , ( 2 a r e 2 o x 3 o ) 7 b a t h r o o m s , 

6 o o s q . f t . d e n , 6 o o sq< f t . s ta in le s s s t e e l 

 a n d k n o t t y p in e k it c h e n 
6 , o o o s q . f t . 

 p a r t y r o o m w i t h s e p a r a t e b a r , h u g e o u t ­ 

 d o o r lig h t e d d a n c e p a t i o p lu s s e v e r a l 

 ru s tic r e n t a l in c o m e h o u s e s o n d te n n is 

 c o u r t, s w im m in g p o o l, in d e p e n d e n t w a t e r 

 s y s t e m , 
1 7 a c r e s f e n c e d f o r h o r s e s a n d 

 r id in g t r a i ls . O f f IM 
I O N . W . o n p r i v a t e 

 p a v e d r o a d , ju s t 
I O m in u t e s f r o m W o n ­ 

 d e r la n d , 2 m ile s f r o m c it y lim it s . I d e a l f o r 

 c o u n tr y h o m e , n ig h t c lu b , c h ild r e n s c a m p 

 o r s c h o o l, d u d e r a n c h , c o r p o r a t io n r e t r e a t , 

 c lu b h o u s e , a r tis t s c o lo n y . 
U n l i m i t e d in ­ 

 c o m e p o t e n t i a l - L e a s e , l e a s e - p u r c h a s e o r 

 p u r c h a s e . T e r m s n e g o t i a b le . A p p o i n t m e n t 

 o n ly . 6 9 8 - 2 7 4 2 . 

SOUTH 
2 i Acres o; m ore, all utilities, term s. o2* 1544______ m o rtem s o u th w e s t realty 

Corner business for rent. 1923 W 
Com m erce. 227 2832. 735-5*3o 
Soorklmq w ater on G uadalupe it.7 acres cvpress-pecon trees 
J97 9436 H Castle Realty 73V 66o2 
BEANIE 
OWENS CO. 
MAlTOffS—MIS 

Blanco Rd. Oft. 

DOCTOR 5 -D E N T IS T 
New office being built on W aizem 
Rd. Space a v a ila b le 
Joe E th e r idqe. Realtor, ass 7(27____________ 

T ak*’ up paym ents on 1, a rre NW for home b u ild in g W a te r, c ity utilities M r F eller. 679 7777 
I M i 
R iv e r f r o n t , 293 AC on 
N ueces R iv e r. 9o m r fro m San 
A ntonio 
T re e s , D e e r, T u rk e y , 
Term s. 1-512 345-4719 ___ 
FOR LEASE 
(SOO sa ft m e d ia n le a t shop o r w a r e h o u s e w ith p a rk in g and fe n c ed y a rd in M 
Zone $35o mo plus utilities. C arl- ton HaqelStein. Jr. 223-6331_______ 

J to 4 ocres n o rth 
M o b ile s horses, ok 
SSO down, 535 85 monthly IO years Magee 342-2516 
ENCHANTING RETREAT 
TS acre — hilltop with o sset- taculor ISG view. Designee by owner Architect with impressive dimension 8 no sign of com­ promise in quality lust minutes horn Wed Center 8 Downtown 

OVER 7 ACRES-HIUTOP 
Sophisticated 
Contemporary with 5 bedrooms p'us quartets 
Master suite with library, J fireplaces, if basements 
IOO' 
o Noms file deck (Sensational view) 8?4 3233, 8?? 5973 8?2 
91o3, 826 oo49 

?i to 83 acres, S B exar utilities, 
577$ pere, bv owner 922 7627 
! 
CARAVELLE 

! 
APARTMENTS 

\ 
4848 GOLDFIELD 
I 
Furnished or Unfurnished 
• 
I-2-:$ BEDROO M 
I 
Single and Family sections, All bills pd. light- 
II ed Swimming pools, party room, 5 Min, 
I 
Windsor 
Park 
Mall. 
15 
Min. heart o! 
J downtown San Antonio. 
661-666o 
1 
(M f 111 35 .O n R ittiiiia n 

 i G araqe 12oo sq.ff + yd 5135. 1614 jS. Presa. 433-7283, 436-o923 
DISTRIBUTION 

WAREHOUSE 

SPACE 
Prime location in Son An- tonios finest industrial 
Park -at the lowest market rates. Con handle up to 
-5o,688-square feet. For in­ formation tall 
RICHARD 
HARRISON or 
HOLT 
ATHERTON at the 
HENRY S. 
MILLER CO. 

REALTORS 

826-3251 

Eniov country living in this large brick home on 2 acres, includes m any builtin extras 3 bedroom s. 
I both*. F ire p la c e Cam eroon? l arge wet! house. O ver 23oo sa ft for *65,ooo OO 

GOOD STO RE S PA CE 
A LA M O HG TS. 17oo ti. D ress or gift shop. 
F R E D H O E Y , CO 
122-3421______________ 

L o r g c t r o d N o rth o u t 2 8 !, IS m ile s 
O aks g o o d s o il. 585oo 
R o b e rt S m ith . B ro k e r. 698-2o93 eve 494 6667 
____________ ______ 
Wilson Co 2o 48 ac some coastal 
648 3J3oLG R IP P S R L T Y 618 o448 
14x7o M O B ILE H O M E on 2 acres of land, nice secluded o re a with huge oak frees Call now 
H U G H E S X BRISCO E 
924 4331 
R E A LTO R S 
333 9358 I 

 ideal Bldg. for rent, ice house or lounge 569 P leasanton R d. *2oo mo. S/5 dep. 432-5318._____________ 
Cliff Lewis, R ealtor 
Boerne 249 2o61 
S A 
224 7171 
N E A R POTH 
15o acres plus good house, coastal and pasture, public w ater, 2 stock ponds A Steal at **5o per acre 
622-3363 

R E N F R O R E A L T Y 

LOOP HO AT B A N D E R A 
'ARE HOUSE S-O FF IC ES-STO KE! 
3743 CO LO NY OR AT IH IO 
!H-3S NO RTH AT W E ID N E R RO 
F R E IL IN G 341-3159 342-7134 

93o N 
New B ra u n fe ls , ap p ro x. 
12,ooo s q .ft., s e m i-fire p ro o fe d . 
Iqrge yard, suitable for sOrage, light m fg., retail, upholstery shoo, woodworking shop. 
23oo C u le b ra , o ffic e s , b e a u ty shop, retail, g a rag e a r body shop. 
COH 826-74o1.______________________ 

31 acres w here the deer ond the children can ploy Conveniences of Boerne and NW San Antonio 
DORIS H U N S IC K E R 344 9936 
New Braunfels Hom es Acreage 
Scheel 8. Assoc R ealty 
395 Lands, New Braunfels 
625 8o78 or S A 658 1477 

O ver 13,ooo acres Good house, 4 w ells, lots of g a m e . O w n e r fin ­ a n c e d 
P r in c ip a ls o n ly , S am 
Cam pbell 
512 344 4529, 
512-656 7667 
BOB JO N ES , R E A L T O R S 

5 A C R E T R A C T S A T 

CANYON LAKE lust right for 
'D on't fence Me In " folks! Lake facilities, bool romps, s'ores and schools near­ by 
Panoramic views, ninny large 
Oak trees. rje!!inq 3o°. below mar ki t value. Terms to suit 
For appointment please toil 
497-3571 or 1-899-2181 

NS, close to a irp o rt. O ffice w a r­ ehouse, 1357 sa. ft ALSO Office, 
6oo sa. ft util pd. J a n ito ria l ser­ vice 
Astro investm ent 
Co. 
344-838o 
_ 
_ 
2,45o ACRES 
A Beautiful 
I & 2 B e d r o o m 
Apts. 
G -f away from the world with this Texas hill country ran ch 
The Medina River meanders 2 '/j miles through its midst Its rolling hills and spangled canyons are teemma with game. The enormous 4 bedroom 3 both solid rock horn- is nestled on landscaped and terraced grounds stud led with decades old live oaks Nearby ore toe swimming pool, 3 car garage with workshop, 2 story party house, guest house, ond screened barbeque house 
There are 
.veil placed barns, stables, and Dens. as well as a 3 bedroom rock house for either foreman's house or hunting lodge 
All improvements are rn top condition. This west 
Bandera County ranch has over Th miles of paved highway frontage, good interior roads, excellent fencing, admirable range management and brush control. In its first 
At ek for sale, it priced below market. We challenge you to had o more beautiful ranch anywhere, For full details, contact Tom Carpenter. Realtor. 29o2 West Beauregard; 
San Angelo, Texas 769o1, telephone '9J.5) office 949- 
o531, home 949 oo35, 

R E A S O N A B L E s to ra g e s pace zoned M FG , central, just off IH37 exit, 125o sa.ft *6o m o, *18oo sa ft. 
*8 5 m o. D a y s 228 -9 98 8 . A ls o : 
Large storage a re g up to 2o,ooo sq.ft. at 3c to 4c ft. in size of 2,6oo, 
3,8oo. 5,2oo sq.ft. or com bination 

•H IL L S ID E IO T 
B E A U T IF U L 
View 
SHOO Easy Term s 
•L o rq e Lo! 
Trees N ear Lake 
And boat rom p - Easv T e rm s 

C oot. E . J o n e s 

_________ 923-6211 

 apartments leasing Daily 9-6; Sunday 
1-6 
T B edroom $1 SO 
2 B edroom $ 2 2 o 
FU R N .-U N FU R N . 
All 
Utilities 
Paid large playgrounds, 
Basketball 
Goal, 
Shuffle board, lighted tennis court, 3 large swimming pools. 
Near Brooks AFB State Hospital, 
Pecan Valley Golf Course. 
Truly the best rental value in town. 
2715 Lasses 
333-5339 

56 63 A cres, C u ltiv ated , fenced. also ISO Acres + big rock home, pecan bees, 2 wells, barns Both reduced Colt for details 

85 Acres on 16o4, J4 m r north of 
I HIO E. Ideal fo r nursery, fa rm ­ ing, etc. By O w n e r-a g e n t. D .F . 
Saunders Rlfy 822-oo1 1, 828-5878 
Family & Adult Sections 
2 Pools & Playground 

Rentals starting at 
$ 1 8 5 including Utilities 

PAINTERS MILL 
5 2 o o BLANCO 
3 4 9 -2 2 2 2 

A p p ro x 17 a c re s n e a r 41o and 
IM IO, industrial, under 23c sq. ft., also 17 ocres adjacent under 4oc. 
734 5434 C P KO SUB 342-o343 
A P P R O X 
28 A C R E S on Coved 
Rd Good soil and flowing creek, te rm s bv s e lle r if n eed ed . C all 
341-4666. nites 344 7o36 

Don B o u c M e 
& CO INC R E A L T O R S M LS 

A B E A U T IF U L P A R K of your own at M edina Lake w ith nice homes 
681 4211 
1 751 9943 
P IO N E E R R E A L T Y 

Close to expressw ays, 2oc sa. ft. on 
Capitol 
Ave. 
Jack 
A lter 
342-4151 

O W N E R or V eteran Financinq. 5 to 5o A cres n e ar P leasanton or 
F o re s v id e 
U tilitie s and p aved road 
T E X M A C R E A L T Y , S A. 
224 oo81. or 1-569 3387 anytim e 
1 2 o ACRES 
Northeast — live Oak Co., all brush, minerals, rood frontage 
S425 per atre. 
7 5 o ACRES 
North of Pettus — On Goliad Co tine, paved road frontage, good fields, large trees ana brush. 
Good hunting. Owner financing. 
SS5Q per atre 
6 o 3 ACRES f mile east of Helena $55o per ocie, some minerals, all in im­ proved grass. 
SO ACRES 
Near Kennedy, cultivated, fenced, water well and some trees Ex­ cellent weekend retreat. $625 per acre. 
2 5 o ACRES 
Medina County — South of Ban­ dera. Secluded with good access, excellent hunting canch and weekend reheat. Private road easement to Medino lake Flex­ ible terms, (all Gary Roberts. 
VESTLAND 
(5 1 2 ) 8 5 4 - 1 o 1 5 

W A N T TO R E N T cooler space 
Northwest side. 342-3976 a tte r S. 
R IV E R F R O N T LOTS 
C Y P R E S S H O L L O W IN B A N 
D E R A CO 
B eau tiful riv e rfro n t lots on the c rystal Clear Sabinal 
R iv e t 
Id e a l for p e rm a n e n t or resort home 
Located on F M I8 7. ap p ro x 
I m i no rth of U to p ia , 
Texas Call Utopia (517) 966 MOZ weekends; w eekdays coll Austin 
345 5R7o 
T Y N E S R E A L T Y 

5o8 acres on Canyon Lake W ater and e le c tric ity a v a ila b le $85oo 
Owner fnonced 379 6949 
129 ACR ES 
W ith c re e k la k e , c a b in n e a r 
Boerne 
COOKE 
R E A L T Y 
*>23 2717 

8.ooo sa. ft. new m asonry building for sale, near expressw ay, easv term s for strong buyer. 
9.ooo sq. ft.. M asonry building for lease, month to m onth or tong term 
4,5oo sq. ft. for lease. 
PEACOCK, R E A L T O R S , 824 o5)1 

Apa 4o Acres Leon C reek, wells, e le c tr ic ity , n e w fe n c e 
M a n y m any Pecan frees Some C ultiva­ tion 
A d ia c e n t to K e lly F ie ld . 
515oo per acre. Reasonable Down p a y m e n t. F in a n c e d bv o w n e r. 
695-89o5, 695-32o5__________ 

BY O W N ER 
FOR SALE OR LE A S E 
M E D IN A LAK E 
14*65 2 bedroom tra ile r w ith at la d le d 1ox3o paneled porch on •* acre wooded lot 
344 1o73. 
I $35 4413 

M O T E L 
1954 E 
H o u s to n St 
Ow ner w illing to finance 
684-421 1 or 751-9943 
P IO N E E R R E A L T Y 
W A NT CO ASTAL P R O P E R T Y 
A ransas P ass o r P o rt A ronsos 
DO UG LAS A N D E R S O N 
8o3 C arding 
732 1367 

S 
O u m 
K p w v m j i 
' RVT A P A R T M E N T S 
Ar 
1822 W. O LM O S, zoned 8-3, re a r building, fenced lot, plen ty p ark- ing, 52oo. 69o-oo86.________________ 
NEWLY 

DECORATED 
Unfurnished Apts, 

 for lease 
Couples only 

Cal! 826-9554 or 826-2878 

A U S T IN H W Y 
34o' on A ustin H w y 
18,ooo s at" to tal Now re s id e n tia l— w ill sell subiect to rezoning. 
SSI, 5oo. 
655-7713 
T A N G L E W O O D R E A L T Y 

1o2 a c re s n e a r J ohnso n C ity c a b in , b a r n , fie ld , h u n tin g springs. A beauty' 
C anyon lOOFt w a le r fro n t lot, 
Village West, 589oo 658 426o 
W aterfront lots on Lake B uchan­ an. good subdivision, also other w a te rfro n t lots w ith o r w ith o u t mobile homes. Call Burnet (512) 
756 7793 or (512) 756 11 53_________ 

31 ACRES 
Stock farm Pavement. Water well with electra pump and pressure 
'ank. Cattle pen, fenced, $38,75o 
Owner financed. 
3 2 ACRES 
On pavement Near Seguin, most­ ly in Coastal Bermuda, large stock tank with fish SI,OOO per acre. 
7 5 ACRES 
With beautiful bldg site on a bitt, 
Over half in coastal Stock tank. 
Good fences OMIT $69o an acre. 
Owner financed 
2 4 1 ACRES 
About 
IOO acres in coastal, another IOO acres in good field, 3 slock tanks with fish, large hay born goad femes excellent bu-, for $6oo per acre Owner finon red 
G O O D SELECTION OF 
OTHER PROPERTIES 

 r 
W E E K E N D 
1 
“ BACK H O M E” 

25 acres near Utopia, peaceful, quiet area, over ?Uo ft shallow 
SABiNAl RIVER, tall cypress, old farm house (mug and ready oc­ cupancy) plus IOC ROOM Perfect retreat for' young family". Roam the woads, fish and swim in rivet 
THISJS A RARE UNO! $4o,ooo 
Owner financing. 
JK LEIGHTON, 
REALTORS 

"UPPER SABINAL CANYON” 
Vanderpool, Tx 78885 

. 
5 1 2 - 9 6 6 - 3 4 o o 
A 

 f 
• Mixed Drink Club 
-v facilities 
• Gym unit flee Exercise. q u , 
(losses 
T • Beouty Shop 
L • Sauna Whnlpool 
I • Tennis Courts 3 pools 
J 
• frost free refrigerators 
J 
RIO Minutes to- 
. 
Downtown 

4o32 I. Southers)** 
337-5242 

C a n y o n L a k e . p r e s tig io u s la k ev iew hom e 563.ooo 
W eeken d home 321.5oo Lakeview lots’ 525oo and *15oo W aterfront tots *1o.5oo and 514.ooo 
Lakehom e 
R ealty, 
1 964 3I9Q 

142 acres, on riv e r and Hw y 281. o o k -c o ve re d p a s tu re , b e a u tifu l view , good term s. 
W E IR R E A L T Y 
Box 19o, Bianco 786o6 
__________ (512> 833 4538 

BEST B U Y O N IN T E R S T A T E 
IS acres on IH IO to s t inside Loop 
16o4. At only 544 p e r fro n t foot, priced lower than residential lots! 
Would exchange for apartm ents, m otel, or m obile home p a rk. Call 
Jim M itchell for b ro ch u re. New 
B rauifelS I 625-o484 
_______ 

IN D U S T R IA L LOTS > i Acre and up, Zoned 1-1; fu lly d e veloped 
V I.P. Pork. Easy term s. 433-1489 
C AN Y O N L AK E 
M O B I L E LOT to.OOO sa ll fantastic view Pool, boat ra m p n e ar bv i MOO, 51oo down. 78 mo at *21.43 A P R 8"- 
M E L M IL L E R 
226 2324 

Everything youY e ever w anted! 3 bedroom, 7 'i baths, living room , dining room , u tility room , plus la rg e den w ith fir e p la c e boat dock, sprinkler system , retaining wall, and other extras too n u m er­ ous to mention. Coll us tor app t. 
O n ly 575 OOO 
J A N E P 
H U D 
G ENS, R E A LTO R 
3o1 N Austin. 
Seguin 379 2265 or 379 6776 

13,ooo sq. ft. lot. Zoning I 3oo Blk 
Culebro Ave. 735-273o____________ 
Q u ie t a n d p e a c e fu l b ills 
9o 
ACRES, no cedar, good hunting, county road N ice rock cabin with fire p la c e 
M a rs c h a ll & S kipper 
H arper, Tx. 
1-864-45oo or local 
824-8255. 
P R E S TIG IO U S O F F IC E SPACE 
In growing K W . sector. Reasona­ ble rates. G rea te r S.A. Builers 
Assoc. 
8925 N.W. IH-1o. 696-38oo._________ 

Q uarters 3-2-3, inventory toTje purchased separate, plbg shop 
828 o665 
736 1766 
734-4117 
W ATSON & SON R E A L T O R S 

— R A N C H L A N D S - 
Lend For All Purposes 
No 7 Fliritstone. 78213 
344 9936 
•N o rth C e n tra l L ocatio n, E lm ir c r and McCullough and IH 35 
N e ar 
Baptist Hos., SAC. N e w ly decor ated. N e ar bus, adults only. N e " pet?. I bedroom . W ater pd $14o 
■ w ith dep. 6 Mo. Lease 
226-53o1 < 
I o tter 6 and weekends, 696-o73o. 

NORTHEAST NO LEASE 
( A ttr a c t iv e 
" b e d r o o m , d is h ­ 
-w asher, shag, pool. Bills pd *165 and up. 525. Dep. IO M in. Ft. Sam 
371o E IS E N H A U E R o ff H a r r y 1' 
W urzboch. 822-9195. 
JU 
NO VA ’76. 4-dr., a ir, auto., oow er 
By o w n e r. 8,ooo m i. C o n s id e r '* ’ trade. 673-282o 
JU 
841 N. St. M a ry s , a t L e x in g to n ." near Sears, 4 large clean, a ir, bus,' stores, bills pd Only *35 w k, *14o mo. 224-o629, 733-828o, 684-o834 

2 bedroom rustic cabin with lire p lac e i-x c e ile n i v ie w of L a k e 
>'8,ooo A Jones 497 357 1 
__ 
Refired, is Acres, Seguin, 2 mi. IH 
IO. P a v e m e n t, is P ec a n fre e s , w ell, Elec. P um p, C am p House, 
Barn, Must Be Seen 822 131o 
ZO N E D B l, h o i Blanco Rd. 
655-21o3 or 342-7o93 
C A N Y O N L A K E 
This ideal 7ox1oo building lot with club tennis co u rt, s w im m m g p pool and boat landing p rive led a is can easily be yours On a paved street this lot slopes gently tip w old from front lo bock 
Under 
>7ooo 
O w ner w ill fin a n c e w ith 
35oo down Niles 656 8213 
655 *848 
D AY OR N IG H T 

H a n d s o m e g a r d e n o ffic e s fo r creative minds. In fo rm a l, reason­ ably priced C o n ven ien t a t 1938 
N E Loop 41o. Leasing 
826-3251. 
H enry S. M iller Co R E A L T O R S . 
LOTS 
2 C om m ercial lots, Austin Hwy, near 16oq. A fter 5pm 684-2233 
COM AL CO UN TY 
HIU COUNTRY RANCH 
4 85 oak studded acres 
35 mi. North of San An­ tonio near Canyon lake. 
Spring fed tank, creek, deer, cleared o f most cedar. 
Nearly 
I mile county road frontage. 
S85o per acre. 
FLYING R REALTY 
I - 4 3 8 - 7 4 2 9 
Eves I -899-2793 

Close to 
UTSA. 
MANY to select from. I with mobile home, ready for new owner, and price is a STEAL!! 3 in 
Jefferson area. Owners say, 
• SEIL! SEU! SELL! 

Corner, heavy tra ffic 
House for conversion or good business site. 
M AC R E A L E S T A T E 828-2521 
E x x o n s e rv ic e s ta tio n , v a c a n t, cheap. bv ow ner, 
828-4452, 
826 519o________________________ 

35 Cents pr ft. includes utilities. 
N ear Med Center NW . C arpeted. 
2o8 a n d 6oo sa. ft. C a ll R uss 
Stevens, R E A L T O R 699-1)33 

New 3 bedroom , 2 bath rock home with large den and fireplace O ver 
5 acres of land Access to riv e r lo fish, swim or boat. *56.ooo.oo total price. 

TAX FREE EXCHANGES 

2o71 kites Hopland ,n the poll, ol pr#- 
? re « . 4 black land foins on the Sonlo lino Creek, 2o nu NI ol S.* 
House, oirsifip. veolei svslem. boss look 
Dove hunting 
Shore lite lo i benefits OI the lonspehfieely low prut o l *1,ooo per one 
64o4 heres in Big Bend Country. House, wells, gioss. good lentos. Mule deer Good lew is ond onfy *6 o per ode 
SB3 Anes abandoned eolian plantation on the Son Manos Bivei, (lose lo IH IO. 
Native posture ond pecan bottom 
Un believable savings al 58oo per acre 
51o Acres, reg. collie show place near luting Big loire, lure oaks, pecans, baun ded on ens! by Hum Creek A low puce lo pay (or investment security al 51.25o per acre, 

W I hove others, ask us how you con shore on tho bandits ti a ta i hee eichange 
DEVAULT 8, ASSOC. 
349 7677 
Property Marketing exchange 

Choice Office Space. 18o sa.ft. up. 
On New North E xpressw ay near 
A ir p o r t. 
R e a s o n a b le r a te s . 
C o v e re d p a r k in g . A ll c o n v e n ­ iences. Coll 344-3456 w eekdays 

G O O D O P P O R T U N IT Y , H a r d ­ w are and lu m b er in M edina Lake area. Ow ner w ill finance 
684-42ll P IO N E E R R E A L T Y 
Clift Lewis, R ealtor 
Boerne 249-2o61 
S A 
224-7171 
IN TH E C E N T E R O F 
LEO N V A L L E Y ideal location. 3 offices plus kit- chenete. P e rfe c t fo r in su ra n c e, builders, attorneys, etc. Approx. 
6oo sa.ft. Call C harles Schneider 
684-72oo. 
_______ 

BOB MCGINNIS 
REALTORS y349-6211 

Custom 1 2 2 alop C anyon L a ke is la n d 
A il d e c , fa m iiv -o o m e room w ith rock fire p la c e , 17x14 country kitchen 
25oo sa ft Plus dbl gar O ver ' i a cre w ith loke view (ro m e v e ry w indow 
R e s ­ tricted area 
575,ooo 
O w ner. 
I 5)7 935 2447 

65 3-7 3o o 
I OR 2 bedroom m obile hom es, tu rn .-unturn. 
L acklan d a rea . 
623-3657. 
______ 

Approx. 7.5oo sa It. Zoned B-2 All utilities. P riced to sell or w ill build to suit Call for details, C arl Boho 
341-9191 

 tra cts east ot San Atanio 
Some with frees and some without 
27 ACRES, NE with modern 3- 
2 home and I older home with IH-35 Frontage. 
43 ACRES, NE on paved rood with part Filed and part hill­ top. $85o per atre. 
165 ACRES with mony large oaks and pecan trees, nearly 
7 mile 
Guadalupe 
River frontage. Home and many other improvements on ran­ ch 
17o ACRES near New Braun­ fels with all utilities available. 
Mostly all im­ proved posture. 
$75o per 

(K IO . 
254 
ACRE farm with all utilities available and on paved road, live creek through properly. $65o per acre. 

G U Y T H O M P S O N 
REAL ESTATE 
1o3A la Plaza Bldg., 
Seguin, Tx. 
658-8444 
Eve. 1-379-7582 

PAN A M A P A R T M E N T S 
56o2 B IE N V IL L E DR off W eidner rd. M odern I Bedroom , 653-2663 zi» E . M yrtle, clean, I bedroom , n e a r bases, *1 o o . m o. d e p o sit re q u ire d , c a ll fo r a p p o in tm e n t, 
732-2668 or 223-4o44. 
E x c lu s iv e R e c r e a t e M e m b e r ship P roperly NR Del Rio W orth 
5575o 
Only 55ooo 
Call B Davis 
78? 8116 

Smithsons V alley area, m odern 4 y r old, ap p ro x. 25oo sq.ft. 3 be­ droom 2> i b a th s , Swiss C h a let home, com pletely carpeted, cen­ tra l air-heat, 5 and two-tenth acre, w e ll, in te rc o m , bu ta n e 595,ooo 
Q ualified buyer only 494-7184. 

R O O M M A T E n e ed e d to s h a re apartm ent. 344-1S16._______________ 
L u x u rio u s , no le a s e re q u ir e d . 
Open daily. Office 3-* 1oO; 5-5135; 
9-S14o; 
11-575. 
696-833o, nites 
341-2724. 
___________ 

Owner loan, int 8 'i, big trees 
828 o665 
73 6 1766 
734-11 17 
W ATSON a SON R E A l . TORS 
2 35 ACRES L O C K H IL L RD 
O wner c arry with sm all down 
I 
Zoned single fam ily dw elling 
1736 1766 
8 2 8 o665 
333 1 163 
W ATSON 8. SON R E A LTO R S 
B eautiful hillside co u n try lot in la rg e su b d ivisio n . 1.o44 a c re s , m inutes fro m S outhw est T exas 
M edic al C e n te r. U S A A . U T S A , 
Kelly A FB Lockland A FB Paved streets, city utilities. Call 492 9946 tor inform ation 

★ COUNTRY ESTATE ★ 
ISO year old, Germott Rock home, completely remodeled, 
32oo sq. ft. 3ox4o living room, bar, 2 fireplaces, swimming pool. Situated on 1o6 acres with 3 barns, stables, only 16 miles north SA. Excellent finan­ cing with low down payment, 
>hown by appointment only ta qualified buyers 
512-885-4682 

S A C -T R IN IT Y A R E A 
3 Blks. M e tro H o s p .'2b tk. bus 
E ffic ie n c y a p t. N e w . B itts od 
*11o. 521 E Courtland, 651-668o 

L a n d b uilding a n d fe n c ed y a rd n e a r San P e d ro . SJO,OOO 
J im 
W agner 344-2341, 828-246o 
BOB JO N E S , R E A L T O R 

O ffice space for rent, *7o. N e ar 
H ig h la n d P a r k B a n k 
22o3 So 
H ackberry. 
Call 
532-4327 
M r 
Block________________ 
1235 E . M U L B E R R Y 
826-5o81 
The best located a p t com plex in 
San Antonio. L a rg e, beautiful I or 
2 bedroom apts, b e au tifu l s w im ­ m ing pool and c o u rt y a rd . Just seconds fro m d o w n to w n , n e x t d o o r to F t. S am H o u s to n a nd 
B ro o k A rm y M e d ic a l C e n te r 
Convenient to B racken rid g e Golf 
Course and ten n is c o u rts . C on­ venient to all m a jo r e xpressw ays: 
IH 35, IH 37, IH IO and the new 
N orth E xp re s s w a y . R easonable rotes, all bills p o id _______________ 

Sharing a 3 bedroom a p a rtm e n t a t the B oardw alk is easy on the w alle t, just SHO each. You can divide your tim e am ong the pool, club room and lau n d ry 
W e a re also close to C e n tra l P a rk a nd 
Wonderland. * “» Discount to per” sons 55 yrs. or older. 
3536 West Avenue 349-42o3 
- v 
B a rry G illin g w ale r Co______ 

Canyon Loke a cre ag e beautiful view of lake, trees, and hills N e ar b o o f ra m p 
O w n e r fin a n c e d 
I 89V 7984 or 341 2983 

SOUTH T E X A S 1571 A CR ES 
Webb Co. betw een F re e r and La­ re d o 
G ood fe n c e s , 3 ta n k s , stocked, buftel grass, abundance deer, quail, hogs, lavelina. Joins big ranches, m obile hom e, elec­ tricity, *265 acre. P rinciples only. 
Financing set up, buyer assumes note O w ner. 512-263-2413 Austin 

Professional 23oo ft. new building a t C o lo n ie s N o r th 
S h o p p in g 
Center. Avail, late sum m er. T e r­ rific exposure. Call Ross Stevens. 
699-1133 
______________ 

1o7 ACR ES P O T E E ! 
N ice house pens, barns, ir r ig a ­ tion peanuts, highw ay frontage 
Will divide 
335 ACRES B A N D E R A 
C h o ic e h u n tin g , w a le r , tre e s sm all cabin. O w ner financed. 
S IM M O N S 
R E A L 
E S TA TE 
P O T E E T 
I 742-3368____________S A. 342-4o53 

Look af this 21 Plus acre property, corner F M 16o4 and 1957 situated in path of progress. 

22o f T 
ON L A K E P L A C ID 
3 2 w ith fire p la c e 
SS9 JOO 
B obbie 
A n d e r so it, G R E IN c a m p b e l l 
REAL TY. S A 658-5131 
1 379 2634 
FULL TIM E VACATION 
T his choice lot overlooks beautiful 
Lake Travis ta n be yours' Y ear i ound oolong fishing boating and horseback riding, cam p grounds and m anna, church, schools and lovely homes in o rea 
Nites 
AAA-Al I 8 
PANORAMIC VIEW 
See tor IO m iles from this 2 plus h e a v ily tre e d a c re s 
B e a u tifu l budding sites, 25 m inutes north of 
41o off H w y 28) 
A ll u tilitie s 
575oo Niles 494 2191 
655 6848 
DAY OR N IG H T 

B U IL D E R S D E V E L O P E R S 
3 acres, oaks E xclusive suburb 
MAC R E A L E S T A T E 628-2521 
Choice I 5 A c re hom esite w ith fantastic view, m inutes to UTSA e xc elle n t re s tric tio n s , 349 8388 a lter 4pm __________________ ______ 

B rackenridge a re a 828-2392 a tt:5 
333o S W. M ilita r y , tu rn m o b ile home, air, m ilita ry . *1 )5. 922-8911 
LO C A TIO N P L U S ! L arge corner inside Loop 41o Hw y. 16 NW . bu­ siness potential. 824 45o7 
1 9 'i Acres A lum C re ek , County 
Road Frontage. Tank 
12 Acres 
C o a s tal. B a la n c e in b ig tre e s 
52o,ooo with 5Sooo down, balance 
12o yrs pl 8' i»o. 695-89o5. 695-32o5 

IO ACRES West Of 16o4 E xcellent soil 
IS yr. o w n er fin a n ce . C oll 
349 26)1, eve 341 1855_____________ 

E D W A R D S R A N C H R E A L T Y 
Buy your land from the natives 
P IP E C R E E K TX 695 848o 

H A V E CASH B U Y E R S o ld e r h o m e s , a p ts n e e d in g repairs. John B 
E cc e ii, B ro k er 
6o8 Gunter Bldg 226-7o31 824-8o23 
E nd of th e r o a d " s e c lu s io n . 
M ountains, w ide valley, p e rm a n ­ ent creek, south of K e rrv ille , 56o acres only $395 per acre, term s. 
Ranch M a rke t (5 )2 ) 874-o156 

S U T T O N C O U N T Y 2o18 a c re s , b o u n tifu l d e e r. *1 25 p e r a c re 
Principles only 
K IM B L E C O U N TY-12oo acreage near Junction, Tx. C lear running w a t e r , c o n c r e te d a m a c ro s s creek N atural spring 
JA M E S E H A Y E S & CO 
___________ 8o6-874-2361____________ 

$o ACRES with Major Creek a picturesque hill country tra c t located north of SA O w ner must sell im m e d ia te ly in q u ire now , 
L a rry McCune G A LE R E A L ES- 
1 ATE 494 5239 or 344-5761 Hiles 
ATASCOSA C O U N T Y 
C om m uting distance to San A n­ to n io 
9o A c re s , hom e, b a rn s , tanks and cultivated fields. 
$96.OOO 
G IL L E S P IE C O U N T Y 
7o A cres n e ar F re d e ric k s b u rg . 
Oak trees and deer $9oo acre 
824-6395 
R E A LTO R S 
824-639S 

35o3 N O R TH P A N A M 
223-3218 
M O N .-F R I. 9-6 
NO LE A S E R E Q U IR E D 
You can pay your m onthly rent in 
I, 2 or 3 paym ents. E niov color 
TV , radio, pool, m a id -lin e n s e r­ vice. All bills pd. W E E K L Y rates 
3414 Fredericksburg Rd. 736-4444 

14.65 A cres fro n tin g 4oo ft. only 
Loop mining 
M eadow 
Oaks sub-division. 
14.94 A c res fro n tin g 4oo ft on 
Loop 
16o4 
N E joining tra ct above 
Call 
E .D . 
Goza, 
826-5618 or 
227-81o5 

Q u ietly s ec lu d ed in W o o d la w n 
H ills 
Build now Or hold tor in vestment Term s available $3 8oo to $6ooo Paved streets 
All utile ties N ear Schools and shopping 
N e a r B a n d e ra Rd and B enrus 
Or 
For details call Louis Flores, I 
732-224 1________________ 

M A K E R .E . L O A N S 8°= F ir s t liens. M ax 8 yrs. Buy notes less than 8°o with discount. 
A V. R odriguez-Broker 222-o98o 
C overed w alk w ay fro m c a r to j apt., laundry and m ailbox a re a so you won f get d re n ch e d , la rg e r room s so you won t b a rk y o u r * shins. 342-9113 826-1594 and see. 
TH E K IN G S TO N A P T 5 
- 
22o2 Vance Jockson Fo r TLC 
I 
Tw o 2 b e droom tu rn a p ts . $95 
* 
Adults. Bills pd. 826-2596 
* 

A Specialty 
M ore than H a lf Century S ervice 
Fort Sam, 22o M ason St., 2-1, air, yard, $1oo mo. 674 8169 ____ 

H ill Country 5 acres 
$425 down oovm ent $66 3o per m onth M any trees, rolling hills Ow ner financ­ ing a v a ila b le . C all fo r a p p o in t- m en! 734 7964 

Adults, oft B roadw ay, re d e c o ra t­ ed 2 bedroom apt. $17o. plus about 
$25. utilities, 828-1122._____________ 

2o ACR ES B E A U T IF U L T R E E S 
IO nu south of Loop 41o 
Easv term s, low down 
227 o227 watson & Son 
628 1262 

R E A L 
E S T A T E . 
T h e r e a r e num erous ranches of 64o acres or larq er in LA S A LLE A N D W EB B 
C O U N T Y that we think a re good investm ents. F o r specific in fo r­ m ation, call or w rite 
L E E R P E T E R S 
1-879-2759 
P O BOX 563, Cotulla, Tx 78o14 

Realtors 
51o8 Broadway 
824-45o7 id e a l lot for y o u r ho m e 
H iq h elevation with a beautiful view of the city For details and viewing, cull 342-4115 A N Y TIM E 

R E A L T O R *227-81 OS 
A D U LTS O N L Y . C lean, co n ven ­ ient effieiences and I bed ro o m a p a rtm e n ts . 318 M a d is o n . R e a ­ sonable rates. 226-3547 

F re d e ric k s b u rg , 56 A c res , both sides of P e d e rn a le s R iv e r, IOO 
Y e a r old ro c k , log a n d fr a m e h o u s e , w e ll, b a r n s . 
$ 9 o ,o o o . 
713 526 84o1 Of 713 461 8421 

8 M E D IC A L O F F IC E S , p lu s pharm acy N orthw est 
R A N C R E S T R E A L T Y 433-6676 

U pper 3 room effic SUO E m plo yed no child, pets 824-856)_____________ 
F R E E U T IL IT IE S ! A ttra c tiv e I bedrom apt. A ir. $135. N e a r Ft. 
Sam. 824-6788 
Beautiful wooded land near Hon­ do with creek. Call M ichael Kalis- kl, 828-8995. 

I bedroom brick home w ith 2o2 ti ol w ater fro n ta g e 
F u lly land s caped with sprinkler system and lots of oak trees Large boat dock plus fishing and swim m ing dock 
F o r d e ta ils a n d v ie w in g , c a ll 
342 4115 A N Y T IM E 

B L A N C O R IV E R 
45o a c re s , 3 houses, creek, tanks, fields, gen­ tle rolling country, border Blanco 
City limits. W E IR R E A L T Y (512) 
833 4518___________________________ 

Jefferson arco, 5ox 165'. conven lent school, best ofter. 433-226o 
G A R D E N R ID G E a r e a 
IO beautiful a cre s fro n tin g back paved road w ith well and pum p 
Fenced and tank Term s negotia­ ble. 
J.M , 
Cullm an 
344-234), 
341-5o45 
BOB JO N ES , R E A L T O R 

3222 N.W. LO O P 41o 342-4o29 
F u rn . B ach elo r A pt. H e a t, a ir, c a r p e t p o o l. $12o. B ills pd. 
824-7814 or 828-9o9o a ft 6 P M 
6 Locations convenient to D ow n­ tow n, M c C reless, B rooks A F B 
E ffic ie n c ies , I and 2 B edroom 
From $125 mo. 533-948o, 533-o511, 
533-13oo______________ ____________ 

 in N ortheast San Antonio on 31 b e a u tifu l w ooded a c re s w ith a la rg e 2-story c o lo n ia l m an sio n , stone silo, m ilk b arn anti m any other buildings on this well-know n estate. The p roperty is zoned and p la tte d for a s h o p p in g c e n te r. 
This could be the most unique and outstanding d e ve lo p m en t in this p art of the country 
This fam ous battlefield by two creeks is in the w e a lth ie s t an d fa s te s t-g ro w in g location in San Antonio. Cull about th is o n c e -in - a lif e t im e opportunity 
M a u rin e A le xa n d e r 
341-9191. Niles 824-7579 

L a rg e lot and 1 > off T h ousand 
Oaks D r $12 5oo F IR M 342 65o8 
W e h a ve s e v e ra l tr a c ts in St 
Hedw ig, w ater lines, e le c tricity , beautiful soil. 

Furn I bedroom m obile home, air. 
Austin Hwy. 822-7486._____________ or over pay 
W IL S H IR E APTS. 
Block ot Ft. Sam N orth G ate 
826-9)59, 826-1594 

N ice re sid lot in S elm a P a rk 
Estales, ow ner c a rry 341 76o3 
$98.5o Furnished I Bedroom Apl. 
Air, 2 Blks Kelly. Call Any Day Or 
Night 7 a.m . • IO p.m . 922-o634. 
A P T S . F U R N I S H E D 
Residential hom esite. I a cre on 
R ice Rd 
$65oo 
H as fe n c e and m etal barn 924 8 l l 6. 333 3479 
H Y A T T R E A L E S TA TE 
5W 75x15o lot fully equip: travel tra ile r, sto rag e bldg 
R ead y to move on! $3 95o 333-i35U________ 

3 bebloom home, woodburnmg fireplace, well. big trees 
828-o665 
736 1766 
648 o873 
W ATSON ft SON R E A LTO R S 
5o A C R E S 
2 b e d ro o m h o m e , b a rn , public w o ter, fenced and cross fenced, black lop road, lust east of B exar Co $62,5oo 
G E O R G E S M IT H R L I Y 924 5174 

LAK E LBJ Highland H aven Sub d iv is io n 
B e a u tifu lly s itu a te d , large corner lot, oak trees View 
Iii Kike I sides 494 2978 

Spacious rock home on $ia ocres. 
3 fo rg e b e d ro o m s , tw o b a th s 
C orner firep lace in den 
Double g o ra g e and shop b u ild in g 
See m iles of Hill Country. See it today. 

$133 Furnished I Bedroom Apts, 
A ir, Call Any Day o r E ves. 7:3o 
A M. - 9 P.M . 333-1851. 

6o tree covered acres, coastal, 2 slocked tanks, pens, barn, excel lent fencing, plus nice hom e with fireplace, for $7o,ooo 

5 to 5o a cre s n e a r P le a s a n to n , u tilitie s , low d o w n , o w n e r financed A lra va sa d a L & C Co. 
S A 
224-oo81 o r P le a s a n to n 
1-569-3382 a n y tim e ________________ 

AAAAAA Hom e of your own can be yours for as little as $2oo down and paym ents less than rent 
No 
Credit? OK! 
J & J R E A L T Y 674-8883 A nytim e 
A d u lts 
M A N S IO N 
B L A N C A 
N o rth . 5231 B la n c o R d. T o w n ­ house Apts 
B ills pd S p ac io u s , convenien t, lu xu rio u s , re as o n a - hie. 341-4113 

B A N D E R A and E V E R S RD. 
H I D D E N M E A D O W 

5959 W U R Z B A C H 
684-3311 

LA K E P LA C ID 
63 acre, garden land 
56 (I front on Lake Placid by 75ft on E l-H re a 
D r 
C y c lo n e fe n c e b e a u t if u l pecan trees, 25 miles city F IR S T 
T IM E 
O F F E R E D 
$11 9oo 
Term s. 
O wner 
Jam es 
Head 
73? 1476 

Furn. or Unfurn. N e a r Downtown, luxury apt. 2-Bedroom s, 2-Baths, inquire, 532-4115 or a tte r 6:3o pm, 
656-2852. 
7oo T E R R E L L RO AD 
Beautiful high slopmq lot, covered with trees, 145' frontage in most d e s ir a b le r e s id e n tia l a r e a . 
824 3233. 822-5973 826 oo49 
M A ZIE SALE H IL L , R E A L T O R 

Cliff Lewis Realtor 
Boerne 249 2o61 
S A 
224-7)71 
BY O W N E R , 25o acres in Duvull 
County. 681 1o84 
______________ 

TO B U Y or S E L L C A LL 
69o-8563 
L Y N D O N B R O W N & ASSOCS 
F U R N -U N E U R N : U tilitie s pd, shag , 2 pools, *185 UP. P ainters 
M ill 52oo Blanco. 349-2222 
U P P E R S A B IN A L C A N Y O N 
145 acres-creek-dense woods 
J K. L E IG H T O N . R E A L T O R S 
Vanderpool, 78885 
512-966-34oo 

B Y O W N E R - 64o a c r e s w ith im provem ents 3 bedroom hom e, pens, fences, 2 w ells plus an ir ­ r ig a tio n s y s te m . 9o a c r e s of c le a re d lan d , s p rin g fed tank 
Deer, turkey quail, dove. Located in McCullough Co. with a view of the San Saba R iv er Priced to sell. 
*45o acre. Clifford Grubbs, B rady, 
Tx 1-9)5-597 2138 
_____ 

This little fa rm is S U B L IM E tor sm all scale C O U N T R Y L IV IN G 
R IC H black S O IL nourishes e x ­ tensive V E G E T A B L E G A R D E N , p e rry patches 
F R U IT T R E E S , a re a r OAKS 
6 4 acres contains charm ing 3 B E D R O O M , 2 BA TH 
HOUSE horse and cow BARNS, c h ic k e n 
S H E D S , 
S T O R A G E 
BARNS B eautiful tlagstoned p a ­ tio. South of Boerne. Q U IC K A C ­ 
CESS to San Antonio on N E A R B Y 
F R E E W A Y 

G a ra g e a p t. I b e d ro o m , n e a t 
Trinity. Bills od. 733-o732 
77 P LU S SO FT 
A LA M O H E IG H T S 
Luxurious 2 bedroom , 2 bath ap! 
*245 mo, w ater and gas od 
824-6828.______________ 

G uest House, J e ff A re a , single w orking lady. No pets, no c h il­ dren, S135. 733-7337 before 7PM . 

R IT T IM A N R D . AT IH35 
T H E F A I R D A L E 
66oo F A I R D A L E 
656-1oo1 

W ant lo lease some 25o - 5oo acres for quail, deer and grazing. Brush la n d c o u n tr y . 
C a ll c o lle c t 
713-733-7429 office no 
____ 

On S.W .W . W H IT E Rd w ith la r g e r e m o d e le d 2 s to ry home. 
P erfec t combo hom e-business 
Santex Co., R ealtors 653-o46o 
A L A M O H G T S . A d u lts o n ly . 7 I bedrooms, centra! air-heat, stove. , re frig era to r, dishw asher, c a rp e t­ ing, drapes. *21o., bills pd. $75 
Pep. 826-737o. 

W A TER W A T E R W A T E R 
7oo ocres, highly im proved w ith fro n ta g e on th e L ittle B la n c o 
R iver, 2 spring-fed creeks, S tanks plus deep well and pressure sys­ te m s 
B ig c y p re s s a n d p e c a n tre es , d e er, tu rk e y , doves and quail in abundance $895 per acre with generous ow ner financing. 
B. F D A V ID SO N -R E A L T O R 
5I2-392-8156 A N Y T IM E 

S P A C IO U S R O O M S O N F A IR 
W A Y S O F P E C A N V A L L E Y 
GOLF- 
CO URSE. 
Pool, 
Club included. 
1 B E D R O O M , F R O M *184. 
2 B E D R O O M , F R O M *224. 
3 B E D R O O M , F R O M *239. 

C A L D W E L L CO 
1o9 A C R E S , b e a u tifu l w in d in g c re e k , good soil, nice b u ild in g site. 3 miles from town *69S per acre# excellent ow ner financing 
22o A C R E S , good creek bottom farm land. *575 per pere 
Ernestine G abriel, B roker, Lock* hard!. Tx I 398 3763, 1-398-3362 

A sto ria 
1o363 SA H A R A 344-6191 
F U R N IS H E D U N F U R N IS H E D 
Sunshine 
342 E. S U N S H IN E 734-4422 

R O O S E V E L T C O R N E R , Shop, office, home Good Sm all business location. No Agents 533-o756 
I And 2 bedroom apts. $75 *8o 
2318 E. Com m erce, 534-3961 

S H O P P IN G C enter F o r Sale. En­ tire block, Z a rz a m o ra and W al- ton. 24-42o9._________ 
___________ 
P O Box 58o. Boerne, Tx, 78oo6 
(5 )2 ) 249 2)16 or 537 44o7 
3 B E D R O O M TO W N H O U S E 
E xclusive NW a re a , n e ar T u rtle 
Creek Country Club 
C O U N T R Y C LU B APTS. 
696-7o48 863o F A IR H A V E N 

T R IA N G L E LOT a f C o m m e r c ia l, P a n A m a nd 
H arlan 
Only 
$22,ooo. 
349-65o3, 
654-6296 

Martha Worley Realtors 
W A NT P R IM E LO C A TIO N ? 
Acreage off P roband ! and IMO 
Zoning to m eet buyer s needs 
Owner c a rry , priced to sell 
736-1766 
928-o665 
333-1 163 
WATSON & SON R E A L T O R S 

WE CAN S E L L YOUR 
RANCH F A R M OR H O M E 
IN THE H IL L C O U N T R Y 
HO USTO N R A N C H R E A L T Y 
Boerne, Tx 78oo6 
249-2116 or 249-3314_____________ 

•A U S T IN HW Y E F F IC IE N C IE S * 
Bls pd S22-37wk 824-19o8 655-2537 
345o E. SOUTHCRO SS 
_______ 333-9o2o________ 
293 acres in M e d in a C ounty, 3o miles from SA House, well. pens. 
Looks like Hi!' C ountry but has biggei deer. Some cultivation. 
DO R IS H U N S IC K E R 344-9936 

2o a cre s h unting c o u n try 
$495 down paym ent, $77 22 per mo On fence line of larege ranch. N ever hunted. O w ner financed 
Call ta 
>ee 734-7964____________ 

Austin Hwy- IH 35 N a re a . $7o-595. 
Furn or Unfurn. I and 2 bedroom cottages. C lean, q u iet, p a rk lik e area. Bills c arf pd. No Children, no pets. 825-4o51__________________ 

Join our c o m m u n ity w h e re a ll ages share the good life. Relax in the pool or join your friends in the 
C lu b h o u s e . V e n t u r e o v e r to nearby C entral P a rk or W onder­ land. The B oardw alk otters 2 and 
3 bedroom apartm ents from $245. 
5°o discount to persons 55 years or older. 
3536 West Avenue 349-42o3 
B a rry O illingw oter Co. 

84o Ac coastal, 16o Ac brush 
$5oo ac, w ater, so m r of SA 
828-o6*5 
736 1766 
675 o629 
W ATSON & SON R E A LTO R S 
C om al County, 3oo A cres, n e a r 
Canyon Lake Springs. W ater tall, on creek, very rough and scenic. 
P aved access, sm all am o u n t of 
G uadalupe R iver frontage. D eer, turkey, fishing, 
$85o an Acres 
T e r m s 
______________________ 

2 B E D R O O M 2>; BA TH 
W asher-dryer connections, e xc lu ­ s iv e 
N W a r e a , n e a r 
T u r t le 
Country Club. 
C O U N T R Y C LU B A PTS 
696-7o48 863o F A IR H A V E N 
B E A U T IF U L Tre e House Apts in garden Com plex, n e ar B ra c k e n ­ rid g e P k. T r in ity U and D o w n ­ town View of City. Pool. L a u n d ry. 
M o d e rn a n d c o m fo r ta b le 
M a n a g e r . M U L B E R R Y T E R ­ 
RACE APTS. 1315 E. M u lb e rry , 
826-1243____________________________ 
"B edroom apt. No children $115 mo. Call JO A N N , 9AM to 4PM , 
! 533-1756._______________________ 
2 Bedroom newly decorated! $135. 
W ater od. 532-15o8 

Call us about our ctose-m rural properties, 2-8oo Acres 
Seitz a Assoc, Realtors 824-2385 1 
CO NTESSA TO W N H O U S E S , I OR’ 
2 B E D R O O M S , bills pd. $2oo to 
*225. Close to N orthstar and Cen fra t P a rk ,. N e c h ild re n or pets 
824-67o7, 824-47oo. 

I Bedroom apt larg e shady yard, wonderland vicinity. M a tu re peo­ ple only. 
Bills pd. 
$165 mo. 
736-5474 

Large cedar cabin on 7.9 acres. 
Secluded lo ca tio n 7 m iles from 
Boerne at end of county road. Out of town owner wants to sell this week 
IO ocres irrigated tai rn land $75o down p a ym e n t $116 9« per mo. 
Good well furnished 
N e ar high w ay 
O w ner w ill finance Call to see 734-7964 
_______ 

8o3 W H IL D E B R A N D 
1518 BASSE RD 
2)43 B A N D E R A RD 
12519 SAN P E D R O 

I Bedroom, furn. A ir conditioned, 
P resa Bus, M c C re le s s. Brooks, 
SLB 824-6536, 532-792o. __________ 

99 acres scenic stock ranch near 
Seguin and IH IO 
Ail im p ro v e d grasses- good w ell, 4 ta n k s E x ­ c e lle n t la r g e b a rn , fe e d s hed, w o rk s h o p , out b u ild in g b ld g s . 
F e n c e s . M o d e r n 3 2-2 r a n c h hom e. M o re values. Just *1,5oo per acre 
CARLOS B R A W N E R R E A L T Y 
379-5947 
S E G U IN . T E X . 
5o1 E 
Kingsbury P Q 
Box 112? 

Hill Country Ranch 
Near Juncfiort-97o Acres 
2 wells with concrete stock tanks. Good barns, corrals, fences. Lots of game. Mile of paved road frontage. Like new brick 3 br, 2 both, fire­ place. 
$325 
PER 
ACRE. 
TERMS. 
Philip D. Ward & Assoc 
Houston (713) 626-3o71 

Large I bedroom , 6oo E. Carson, near Ft. Sam, $125. Mo. 681-1o19, 
227-o119. 
BY O W NER 
I • 2 bedroom s. All bills pd. No kids-no pets. SAC a rea . 623-16H 
Cliff Lewis. R ealtor 
Boerne 2 4 9 1o6) 
S A 
224-7171 
W ho) type R anch do you wont? 
R ANCH M A R K E T 226-5184 
R I. 3 Box 221, San Antonio. 782)8 

6o *7 o ' Steel B ldg on 'jA c . 8 ft security fence. P orts room , 2 o»- tices, shop $65,ooo tirm . 532-4151. 

Has IO acres, splendid 3-2 2 brick with fireplace, outstanding view , soil for garden, near Pipe Creek 
$69,ooo 
E D W A R D S R A N C H R E A L T Y 
695-848o_________________ I 535 4596 

6815 B roadw ay, a ir conditioned, studio opt. DOS. 826-7913. 
Save gas m iles! N e a r town con- venicne. 235 H ow ard off HOO N. 
Main, "B E D R O O M F U R N . "B lk . 
M oan Bank, Lubvs, E xp w a y, Ho spools. 226-8492___________________ 

145 C la rem o n t, off 32oo B ro ad w ay, I bedroom a p t. S pacious, air. N ear Ft, Sam, B rack. P k. $85. 
W ater pd. 227-7834. 
13o ACR E Irac t. tank, some Cul­ tivated. 23o A C R ES , pecan trees, 
San Antonio R iv e r. Both fenced, 
Xfenced, O w ner c arry 

152o Contour D r- Northside 
2 rooms, bachelor efficiency, bills paid, adult, no pets. S95 
R e fe r ences, 824-616*._______ 

3'J ACRES. R E A S O N A B L E ! 
Ideal for m any uses, close in, SI48 
Blanco Rd. 227-7857 
__________ 

L IV E B E T T E R FO R LESS! 
G R O U N D L E V E L D U P L E X E S 
F U R N . OR U N F U R N . 
E X C E L L E N T M A IN T E N A N C E 
H IG H L A N D H IL L S A P TS . 
293) E. SOUTHCRO SS 
534 88o8 

66 acres of heavily wooded, scenic a n d s e c lu d e d 
H ill 
C o u n try 
P roperty is m iles North of Loop 
4(o, p a rt of a la rg e ranch. F in ­ an cin g a v a ila b le 
In a u ire now. 
L a rry M acune, G ale Real E state, 
494-5239, or 344-5761 ntles,________ 

A LA M O HG TS 
6ooo ft r e s t a u r a n t s p a c e , a ll equipm ent for kitchen, a ir conditioned. 
A LA M O H G TS C E N T E R 
_____________ 872-9851______________ 

Coral Sands, ISIS W Contour, (E of 57oo San P e d r o ), a ir , pool, w ater pd. 2 bedroom s, furn. *16o. 
I Bedroom, *1o5. 826-7913.________ 
L o w e r a p t. c le a n , c o n v e n ie n t, 
M iad'e aged or older p re fe rre d 
141o W. W oodlown. 732-652o 

W ILSO N C O U N T Y 
IOO AC. near L a ve rn ia. Im proved 
JO E VAJDOS "512 78o-2225 
• DO W NTOW N POST O F F IC E • 
2 blks. Air, 3 rooms, carpet, ciean, newly decor, quiet. M a tu re lady preferred. 
126 
M cCullough. 
824-/788. 

Alt or half, (' . of 2o,ooo sq. ft. whse. ra ilro a d siding, 12 double over head doors on either side for c ro ss dock c a p a b ilit y 
O ffic e s p ac e a v a ila b le w ith le a s e of warehouse. 
Call 
226-5281 for appointm ent______________________ 

M E T R O H O U S E -D O W N TO W N 
M O D E R N E F F IC IE N Q Y -F U R N . 
*12o. to *135. 213 4TH ST. 226-7333 
B eau tifu l b rick 3 2-2, fire p la c e , c a rp e l, out b u ild in g s , u n u su al setting on 7 acres paved rood 
Loop 41o-Vance Jackson Rd. 
P A R K L IK E G R O U N D S 
2-BEDROOM-S235 B IL L S PO 
P A R K D A L E APTS. 342-o)91 
D u p le x . O ff S an P e d r o . 2 b e , droom, clean, no pets. 822-9766, 
344-69o8 

38 A C R E S , p a s tu re a n d la n d , 
Tank and large barn 
648-33o2. 
S42 15o8 
_ _ _ _ _ 
______ 

E ffieiences, a ir, bus, shoos $3o wk. $125 mo. up. Bills pd Section 
8. 534-34o1, 434-9645.__________ 

H ill C o u n try -K e rrv tlle a re a . 25o ocres. P artly gam e proof fenced 
W o u ld m a k e e x c e lle n t e x o tic gam e ranch. W ill stock and m a n ­ age for you. E xcellen t w hite fail d e er hunting $175,ooo W ill ftn- once. "866-3471____________________ 

Living room, carpet, a ir, nice 
828-o665W ATSO N A 5 o N 734-41 17 
E F F IC IE N C Y , B ILLS PO. $85. 
JE R R Y S M IT H , 494 3355 
2 3 6 • C O M M E R C IA L P R O P E R T Y 
A N e x c e l l e n t l o c a t i o n tu n u u m m i-n u m i r n u t l i m i 
2327 Vance Jackson Rd A vailable 
S i l t soon. Space for beauty shop, flor o n l'>- ist or other. "OOO sa ft $275 mo. 
2o ac. 3 m iles past Loop 413, Hw y 
735-o961, 696-7777._________________ 
87 East in China G rove. 17oo ft 
A N T IQ U E , F U R N IT U R E rood and hwy frontage 
R e ta il. 
OR S TO R A G E warehouse, or light mfg $6ooo per n.ooosq ft at 9c sa. ft. 4 offices. acre. 648-3321 plenty parking 
Jack 
A lter 
I ' i a c re m ain th o ro u g h fa re a t 
342 4)51.___________________________ ra ilro a d N e ar new shop c e n te r 
A ustin H w y In d u s tria l P o rk 47o8 
M AC R E A L E S T A T E 828-2521 
B ro om 
95o sa ft- *25o p e r mo. 
_ _ _ _ _ _ 
“ 653-9)6o 
_ _ _ _ _ 

D E V IN E A R E A , beautiful brick on 2 5 acres, 3 bedroom , 2 bath, double carport, 18x27 living a rea w ith Ben F r a n k lin F ir e p la c e , la r g e w o rk s h o p , good w e lls , paved road P rice reduced 
H U G H E S & BRISCO E 
924-4331 
R E A L T O R S 
"663-5597 

M O T E L e ffic ie n c y a p a rtm e n ts a n d ro o m s . By d a y , w e e k or m o n th . 
o (2 9 1 )2 - 
P E 4 -6 767, 
L E 2 o152, C A 7-47o2, N e a r F t. 
Sam. TA2-1377. 
_____________ 

E F F IC IE N C Y A P T . $1oo. M o 
M ature Adult 735-485o 
H IL L 
C O U N T R Y 
N E A R 
K E R R V IL L E 
4 bedroom , 2 bath, lodge, tennis c o u rt 
On 25 a c r e s or m o re 
SSOO.OOO. "866-347 I 

E ffic ie n c y , N o rth Side. B ills pd. 
No deposit. *8o m o nth. 736-4o78. 
119 JACKSON K E L L E R 
C o m fo rta b le liv in g . Y o u 'll lo v e o u r I or 2 b ed ro om apts, ju st off 
San P e d ro . N e a r C e n tra l P a rk a n d N o rth S ta r M u lls . N o c h il­ dre n. no pets. R easonable p ric e s , 
828-461 " 

N E A R F T . SAM 
N ic e I b e d ro o m f u r n a p l. A ir a du lts, w a te r pd. $1oo. 824-8369. 

E ffic ie n c y and 2 b e d ro o m s , east and north sides, *65. and 
$95. 
344-84o2. 
N ol only g ra c io u s -s u e hom esifes 
ISI49S un som e w ith tre e s ) fo r m o b ile -m o d u la r hom es, c ity type u tilitie s ,paved stre e is--b u t p ic n ic table, b oo l dock, fis h in g p ie r clu b house OOO"' O w ner fin a n c in g . 6% a nn . R e s o rt lik e c o m m u n ity on 
L ake D unlap n ea r N ew B ra u n fe ls lu s t 25 m in u te s d r iv e fro m SA 
Take 1-35 L ake M cQ ueeney e x it in 
N ew B ra un fels. 
RIVER B BND R E A LTY 
"625-9417 

D IM M IT C O U N T Y , O u ts k irts of 
C a rriz o S p rin g s , w in te r g a rd e n a re a, 5oo a c re p o te n tia l d e v e lo p ­ m e n t p ro p e rty CO O KE R E A L T Y 
9732712____________________________ 

HOUR 
N O R TH 
OF 
SAN 
A N T O N IO 
94o a c re s , liv e c re e k , ra n c h o r sub-divide. 
CO O KE 
R E A L T Y 
923-27)2___________ 
________ 

N E A R F T SAM 
N ic e I b e d ro o m f u r n a p t. A ir, a du lts, w a te r pd. HOO 824-8369 

E ffic ie n c y , n e w ly re d e c o ra te d 
SHO, mo. A lam o H gts. 824-7 137. 
, , 'O y h u n i u 
Custom hom e o ff H w y )6S B a rn s 
B im u h fu l la nd in IH35 South nea r fe n c e d , c o r r a ls , p o n d 
O w n e r 
N aralio. C o nside r s e llin g a ll or c u rry No c ity taxes. $145,ooo part. 

 land Locators ol Texas 
S A 667-1154, 667 1333 
---------------- -— «— 
........................... 
,T4" T'A't" TITE. VV", 
■■ 
IS 235 -1 66 6 
CALL 275-1666 
( X PBX SS ANO N I W$ 

E ffic ie n c y g a ra g e a p t, c le a n , I person , nice n e ig h b o rh o o d . SUO b ills paid 732-8995 

LA B A N D E R A A PTS . 
L U X U R Y 1 and 2 b e d ro o m a p ts 
1171 B A N D E R A R D. 433-3214 

N e ar L ive O ak, 2 fu rn . e ffie ie nce s 
B ills Pd *57-3o33.______________ 
E a s t W ilson C o un ty, p a ve d ro a d fro m , a n d d u g w e ll, te le p h o n e e le c tric fy , g en tly slo p in g 2o a c re s of deep sandy lo am . J. 
C u llm an 
344-234" 341-5o45 
BOB JO N E S. R E A L T O R 

BUSY LO C A TIO N S 
722 W H ild e b ra n d 
A p p ro x . "OOO sq.ft *275 mo. 1233 Basse- O ffice or sm a ll business. 6oo s a .ti. S135 mo. 735-o961. 

N e a r L a c k la n d 
E x c e lle n t lease su ited fo r a p a rtm e n ts C a ll W B 
K le fte r 341 9191 

NO L E A S E R E Q U IR E D 
N e ar FL Sam and d o w n to w n . E f­ fic. A pts. B ills P aid, S89 p e r m o 
227-47o2 1954 E. H ouston. 

172o E l M o n te , g a ra g e a p t, $85 m o, b ills ad. 
E m p lo y e d a d u lts 
828-549? 

L a c k la n d - K e lly o re a , m o d e rn , c a rp e te d , I b e d ro o m , SISO. b ills 
Pd. 
674 1o32, o fte r 
4:3o a nd weekends. 
_______________ 

 fO » THI lASTIST Of SULT* 
ON A WANT AD 
THI NUMBIB tO CALL 
I* 225 1666 
IXPBtSS AND N I WS 
2815 C o m m e rc ia l a ve. S outhside, 
12oo sc; ft b ids. 923-861" 
IN THI LXPUESS NiW S 
C AII 225 -1 66 6 
IS JVS I 666 
I X PP I SS a n d N I VV S 
CAU 225.1 666 

« 

o2356235 

EXPRESS-NEWS BONUS A B S 
2lines $ V 
TEXAS SIZE SAVINGS... IO days 
# 

NON COMMERCIAL! 
CANCELLABLE 
WITHOUT 
RATE CHANGE 
2 2 5 
- 1 6 
6 
6 
QUICK RESULTSI 

APARTMENTS UNFURN 
4o4 - APA8TMENTS-UNFUBN i 4o4 - APARTMENTS UNFURL 

Q U A IL CREEK VILLAGE 

* 1 8 o U 
P 

2526 NE LOOP 41o 

E x i t a t S t a r c r e s t 

6 
5 
5 
- 3 
9 
2 
1 

I minute to 1H-1o. 

Private adult and family section. 

6 9 o - 1 7 o o 

49o? Woodstone Drive 

4o4 - APARTMENTS l « N 
484 - APARTMENTS UNFURL 
4o4 APARTMENTS ONFORN 

San Antonio EXPRESS NEW S - 

4o4 APARTMENTS UNFURN 
4o4 APARTMENTS UNFURN 

Sunday M ay 8 1977 

4o4 APARTMENTS UNFURN 

Page I 7-D 

4o8 HOMES, DUPLEXES, 

Apartment fitting 

| T I M E ’^ 
’ W 
A S T ! N ’ ! 

I aniinirs in those sfntiious 
•innim njmrtniunts n on I 

I n s t l o u p f i n m i s c t h o 

I i i lilt f o r : nil is 

 tit PARK 
YltlAOf 

\\ I M I S O I t I* \ IS K ' I M I 

N O H M i l W 
I M M O O I S 

I I It N W I 11.1* t il t 

I N I I H M S I I I . I I 

I ’ M I ) I 
I l l l l l l " 

C H I X X I I 
I* V I I* > > 

| H M » I > S P A R I X R I M IX | 

I I M O H a s H o n I Ir is r 
<>53-73oo 

( W I K H S I - ; I. 

A P T S . 

A n i l } /»Vi/<v»i/<//»*■/ 

I m il i m u 
M iim ifirim ut 

I B e d ro o m $ IG O 

2 B e d ro o m $ 1 9 o 

7 1 3 4 B i a n c o 

3 4 4 - 4 3 3 2 o r 
8 2 8 - 7 3 9 3 

! I BEDROOM 
WITH 
BONUS ROOM 

‘ 2 o 5 . . . * 2 2 5 . 

Ten floor pions to choose from 

 for exquisite odult living All 

 bills pend 
Recreotion room, 

J o rg e bolconies, outdoor Bor 8 

; Que grills, icemokers, fire 

^-places ond beomed ceilings ne: 
‘Near North Star Mall 

 r n 

1o362 SAHARA DR. 

3 4 9 -2 6 1 7 

LOVELY 

LARGE 

I BEDROOM 

* 1 8 o 

 m o n t h 
. 

H i g h R id g e d 

Hillside Apartments 
5211 Fredericksburg 

341-8221 

J LA P L A Z A * 

 e 
3 4 1 - 4 6 2 1 
• 

6 * I -2-3 Bedrooms 
NM g g * Single and Family 
^ 
_ 
Sections 
W * Fireplaces 
M g V Tennis 
• 115 NW LOOP 41o 
o 
Across From 
9 
North Star Moll 
9 
9 # 9 9 9 9 9 - 9 # 

T h e 
Courtyard/ 

2 & 3 B e d r m . 
Apts. 

All Electric Kitchens. 

Outside Storage N S Schools 

4411 Gardendale 
696-4892 

BELKNAP 
A R M S 
3o7 W. MISTLETOE 
735-4891 

1 B E D R O O M 
$ 2 1 5 

2 B E D R O O M 

T o w n h o u s e s 
$ 3 o 5 Up 

U tilitie s 
P aid. 
All u n ­ 

 fu rn ish e d . 
Pool. 
Lau nd ry. 
C a rp o rts . 
C o n v e n ie n t to 

 d o w n to w n . 
Trinity a n d 

S A C 

AD ULT LIVING 

FR W DOOR BUS SERVICE 

2-BEDRooM; $2o5.' 

POOL, UTILITIES PO. CLOSE TO 

SHOPPING CENTER AND POST 

OFFICE 
THE 
HABITAT 
381 5 WEST AVE. 
344-772o 

A V A ILA B LE 

Choice 

Selection 

Beautiful 

Apartm ents 

LA 

A R B O LED A 

2167 NE LOOP 41o 

Exit at Starcrest 

6 5 5 - 9 1 o 1 

GREENBRIER APTS. 
8535 GREENBRIER 
(Just off Broadway and North loop 41o) 
(Close to Crown Tower Bldg.) 

• Adults Only 
• Home like atmosphere 
• Large I bedroom apis. 
• 2 Bedroom apts. 
• Large spacious rooms 
• Covered parking 
• Pool • Party room 
• Laundry • Bus line 
All utilities paid 
828-42oo 

A p a rt n^entf^ 

 r n 
S e l e v l o r 

W e ’ll find yo u rs, free. 

ORM 7 DAYS A WUK 
Offices THBOUOHOUT TEXAS 
3121 N.W. LOOP 41o 
3 4 9 -1 7 3 7 

OIRICT CORBttPONDBtCJ TO 
4123 N. CWTRALIXFWY. 
DALLAS, TIX. 752o4 

HILL TOP VILLAGE INC. 

HILLTOP CIRCLE 

KERRVILLE, TX 78o28 

512-257-7911 

A Methodist Ministry to the aging, 

 providing 
3 levels of care: 

Retirement, ICF-ll, ICT-III. Retire­ 

 ment rotes starting of $241 mon­ 

 th. Nursing rotes storting at $335 

 month. 
• 

 le t us find yours— 
2 4 H r . 
’ OW NHOUSl-APARTM ENT 
L O C A T O R S 
828-o681 
FREE— No charge to you 
The Professionals in apt. locating.** 
ApodmdS^— 
VmIImuM 

WAKEFIELD STARDUST 

APARTMENTS 

Ideally located on busline 

I. 2, and 3 bedrooms. $18o 

. t o .. S3So On Rector 

 across from North Star Mull 

85o6 WAKEFIELD 
344-4558 

C a r l ton 
A r m a 

Quiet Home 
Style Living 

Effrc to 3 bdrm Townhouses with fireploces 12 floor plans Adult 8 fomily Areos 
6623 Callaghan Rd. 
_ 
696-329o 
(=} 

I N e a r U T S A , M e d ic a l Center, 
: USA A. Large I bedroom with fully equipped kitchen, draped, c a r ­ peted 
SISO. 
349-7o26 eves. 
Or 
I 341 7483._____________________________ 
N e a r U T S A , Meet C l r . U S A A . 
T o w nhouse, 2 bedroom s, electric k it c h e n , d r a o e s T e n n is , S w i m ­ m in g S215. 696-6121, 492-2533 
N E E D A N A P T - C A L L U S 
T E X A S A P T . L O C A T O R S 
349-3685»NO F E E « S 1 5 o up 

TUCKED AWAY 
AMONG TNI THIS 
TIT ONLY ONE 
MINUTE FROM IN IO 
ADULT I FAMILY 
SECTIONS 
69o-17oo 
49o9 WOODSTOCK 

 s u n n j M H t 

2SS4 Northeast loop 41o 
656 172? 

/ A y / 
$ 

■I c's ^ 

S im d a iic e 

4 6 1 5 G A R D E N D A L E 
6 9 o - 8 3 2 o 
C H A N G IN G C O N C EPT S IN 
ADULT LIV IN G 
EL M A D R ID 
APARTMENTS 

• W ash e r D rye r 
C on ne ction * 
• All Bills Pard 

6111 Vance Jackson 

The 

■ T l n t a n i a n 

1939 Fredericksburg Rd 

 e n Sty*, by 
[ 3 TIFT INVESTORS 

C a m e l o t apartments 

• Spacious 1,2,3 bd. 
• Close to Ft. Sam & Randolph 

Apartment Community 
TY MONITORED SECURITY— GARDE N PATIOS 
LIIYIIBIOUX flUB ROOM -GYM * ‘Alike 
1-2-3 BDR. 
I & 2 BATH | 
$ 185 $ 2 7 5 (Furn. Add.) UTILITIES PO. 
J 
2o11 BANDERA SD 
434-4191 j 
B e tw e e n H illcre st A C a lla g h a n 
A Bob toss Apartment Community 

S O U T H S ID E 
The Aristocrat Apts. 
Modem I Bd Apts 

$165 Unfurnished - Furnished Avail. 

555 Hutchins 
927-4141 
AMAC Managed Property 

© i» ^ c a • » « : o c r Be 
Djc n o r t h 
APA RTM EN TS 

Country Living in 

 the City 

I bedroom 
Apts now 

 available 
Furnished or 

Unfurnished 

6 miles north of loop 4)o 

 on Babcock, turn left at 

Springtime 

6542 Spring Branch 
6 9 o 146o 

o 
W akefield-Stardust 
Apartm ents 
I, 2, 3 Bedroom Apts. 
$ 1 8 o - 4 3 5 o 
Across Rector from N. Star Mall 
85o6 W akefield 
Separate Family t Adult Sections 
344-4558 

o NORTHGATE 

539 ELEANOR 

8 3 4 - o o 1 9 
WESTGATE 

9 LA PLAZA APTS. 
“ T EN N IS W O R L D “ 
• • AC QUI TS AIL MI AITH ALMO I X I tC ISI CLUM 
• ADULT ANO HAMIT SECTIONS 
• tutNISMD ANO UNFURNISHED APARTMENTS 
UTILITIES RAID 
NORTHEAST SCHOOLS RUS SERVICE 
• NORTH STAR AND CENTRAL PARK MALL ARIA 
’ 15 N.W . LOOP 41o 
3 4 1 - 4 6 2 1 

 itched r'fOputty 
J L- 
9 

ONE 
BEDRO O M 

F ro m 

* 1 8 ? 

© 
W 
A 
T 
E 
R w 
S C A P E D 
A P A R T M E N T S 
- i i 

71 IO W urzbach a t Babcock 
N ext door to M edical Center 
696 -38 51 

 t h e 
P ie r 

J 9 1 6 V K . L o o p T IO 

L*tt Style by 
(Harry Wurzbach Exit) 

J j_H LIFE INVESTORS 
826-2355 

© 
£ I MIKADO 
APTS. 

Quiet Adult Apts 

3 2 4 3 
Nacogdoches 
656-o188 

8 o o o M id c r o w n 

12 3 
Bedrooms 

WE Style by 

O L K INVESTORS 

655-881o 

A P X N IW I S I S , 

9525 LORENE 
3 4 4 -9 8 8 8 

o 
•Hr 
NOB 
H IU 
APARTMENTS 

Nob Hill Apartments oft IM IO 
7626 Callaghan Road/349 1217 

® 
T A R A 

AN APARTMENT HOME 
UNFORGETTABLE AS ITS N A M I u m v l N iiN t in r« t> O N «NP u u ir riis p*,n 
8o51 Broadway 
2 New Tennis Cts.! 
8 2 4 - o o 6 1 
8 2 8 - 7 3 9 3 

o 
The BRIT T A \ Y 

© fo r e s t O a k s c.Apartments 

2 Bedroom Apts. 
From *2 2 6 -*2 6 3 
6313 Evers 
’684-4755 

o 

. e l l 
I x till Ade 

For 
Information 

“Advantages of A Home with The 
Conveniences of Renting" 
* Spacious 2 8 3 bedroom duplexes 

Coll 6 7 4 -7 o o 4 
FOR QUICK 
RESULTS AND 
EXTRA VALUE 
CALL 225-7411 

I© 

N O R T H E A S T 

Q 
* « f \ » ^ l e n p a c © 

^ p p a n t m o n f s 
191 
• Jr. I B e /r o o m 
* film . A Ivnfvr tith ed 

• O n e B e d ro o m la r g e r • fo o l A L au n d ry 

• Tw o B e d ro o m s 
* Sin gle Level, P riv a te R a tio 
656-21 >6 
71o6 Glen Terrace (Close to landoiph Ar*a\ 

A SOPHISTICATED ADULT C O M M U 
NITY WITH A POOL IN EACH COURT 
YARD HALF BLOCK OFF LO O P 4 1o 
NEAR NORTH SIA R MALL 

86o7 JONIS-MAITSBMGK 
341-3126 

Pct 

T h e H e r i t a g e 

A p a r t m e n ts 
I I different floor plans 
All with patios ed from $2 I 5 — All Bills Pard 

I 5 4 3 Ba bcock 
3 4 1 2 2 2 8 

^ M O H F n H T 

HOME STYLE APARMENT 
LIV IN G 
4515 Gardendale 
691-1o44 

 r n 

Il a r r i v i g l o f f K 

6 5 3 - 5 3 o o 

I 
A N AD U LT A P A R T M E N T C O M M U N IT Y 
ALL A M E N IT IE S • O N B U S LIN E • O N E 
B L O C K F R O M ST M A R Y S • O N E B L O C K 
F R O M S H O P P IN G • FU R N . A D D 
1 , 2 6 3 BDR. 
$ 1 8 o to $ 2 4 5 
UTILITIES P A ID 
I 
. 
3 3 o 1 VV W O O D L A W N 
4 3 4 9 3 9 4 
________ A Bob Ross Apartment Community______ 

o Park 
Village: 

H u r l n u - ritx 
—— 
Apartment* 

• WINDSOR PARK MALL 
• NORTHEAST 5CHooLS 
• FURNISHED OR 
UNFURNISHED 
PAID UTILITIES 
PRIVATE PATIOS 
POOLS A PARTY ROOM) 
483o Ray Ban Drive 
. 653-73oo 

o 

N O R T H E A S T A R E A 
Herrin <?laza 

T A 2 B D R . A T O W N H O U S E S 
Garden apts, with clean well kept spacious grounds, patios, balconies, pool, walk to shopping, features plus. 
P o r r in -B e ite l Rd . 
6 5 5 - / 1 2 2 

T e r r a 

A l t a 

»ukh A IMI URN lit Al MIR ((JURUS 

ASH 11 (JOI SIS 

411 EVEREST 
8 2 8 - 5 3 3 o 

©FRENCH CHALET 

165o JACKSON KELLER 

THE U L T IM A T E A P A R T M E N T 
COM M U NIT Y 

3 4 4 .4 6 1 6 

© 
W e 8 t c h e « t t * r 
Apartments 

 eff., I, 2, 3 Bd. from $16o 

I n m r-IIM-lll 111 I-M il ''.■III .Hill It.llM llrlpll 

1111 Austin Hwy. 
8 2 8 -L M I5 

A M A C M a n a g e d P ro p e rty 

o 
SOUTH SEA 
APARTMENTS 

L E I S U R E L I V I N G 
SUPER L O C A T IO N 

B IA N C O AT JA C K SO N KELLER 

7 5 4 3 SOUTH S IA L A N I 
341 6 2 5 1 

o C o u n t r y V i l l a g e 

A p a r t m e n t s 

I block off Broadway at 41o 
I. 2, ll bedroom * from S IG O 

8 I U * < o u iilr% Y H itle r 
8 2 8 -5 7 2 1 
A M A C M a n a g e d P ro p e rty 

THE 
GREENHOUSE 

I B E D R O O M 
T O W N H O U S E S 

F R O M $ 1 8 5 

7 2 o o S P R E S A 

 t=J 
5 3 2 -7 3 8 9 

IVE LOVELY TOWNHOUSE 
B e a u tifu l 2 bedroom T O W N ­ 
H O U S E , 2 bath s plus w ash e r- d ry e r connections. G re a t N E location. Only $315. Mo Bills od. 
A P A R T M E N T S U N L IM IT E D 
828-o681____________ 
N O R T H W EST ve ry nice I bedroom apt with fireplace in quiet 4-plex, S16o mo. water and gas od. 824-6828 

THE TAHITIAN 
2-Bedroom, 1-Bath, S23o. 
3-Bedroom, 
2-Bath, 
ISOO salt. 
*3oo. 
Located south of Joskes, North 
Star Moll, off McCullough 
A LL U T IL IT IE S P A ID 
2o2 B IR C H L E A F , 342-o285 

4o8- HUMES, D IM E S , 

 l a t v i a a p a r t r r 

EFFICIENCIES 

I 2 3 Bedroom Flats to 3 
Bedroom Townhouses 

 t a 

3815 Parkdale 
696-3499 

HERWECK HOUSE 
2-Bedroom, I bath $215. 
A cross street from Lee High, 3 blks. from N im it/ Hiqh, I blk. 
Jackson Keller Elementary 
M A IN T A IN E D W ITH P R ID E 
A L L U IL IT IE S P A ID 
233 H erw eck Dr. 344-58o4 

FOUR SEASONS APTS. 
I Bedroom ...........................*17o 
Large I bedroom................. *2o5 
2-Bedroom h2bath townhouse, .................. - *2*o 
Large 2 bedroom, 2 bath, 
S26o. 
Utilities included, ideal location, across from Oak Park Shopping 
Center, corner Nacogdoches and 
New Braunfels ave 
1779 N A C O G D O C H E S RD. 
824-o691 
_ _ _ _ _ _ 
Freshly painted 3 rooms and bath near SAC 8o3 E. Ashbey, *75 mo. w a t e r p a id . 736-6339.___________ 
GREENWICH VILLAGE 
I P E A L LO CATION 
1 Bedroom, unfurl!..............*185. 
2 Bedrooms, Unfurn 
$215. 
U T IL IT IE S P A ID 
215 JA C K SO N K E L L E R 

824-9871 

 f O P T H I f A ST tS T k l S U IT S 
O N A W A N T AO 
T H I N U M B t R TO C A U 
IS 2 2 5 - 1 6 6 6 
I X P R IS S A N O N f W S 

IF Y O U Q U A L IF Y 

1 B e d r o o m ! B o t h $142 S i9 9 
2 Bedroom ) Bath $159 $221 
3 Bedroom-2 Bath S179-S246 
All Utilities, Central Air and Heat, 
Refrigerator, Range, Disposal, 
Draperies, TV Antenna, Storage 
Units and More. Approximately 
IS Minutes from Military Bases. 
924-o41o 
2914 Roosevelt Ave 

• NOW LEASING • 
12-3 B E D R O O M APT S 
• Townhouses or flats 
• All appliances, drapes 
Carpets, storage areas 
• Utilities paid 
• Laundry facilities 
• Recreation rooms 
» 4 pools 
C O LO N IE S NO RTH APT S 
IH IO at Wurzback 
Office 9823 Powhatan 69o-1884 
NW. Large 2 bedroom Townhouse 1 with den in sm all quiet, adu lt , complex 342-331o, 349-o219 

THE TABA APTS 
8o51 BROADWAY 
AN A P A R T M E N T 
Unforgelable as its name 
I B E D R O O M , $16o 
2-BEDRO O M , 421S 
Have just added 2 new tennis courts. 
U T IL IT IE S P A ID 

8 2 4 -o o 6 1 , 8 2 8 -7 3 9 3 

O AK H IL LS V IL L A G E 
Apartments and Townhouses 
*175 Up 1847 Babcock 344 9726 

TV M O N IT O R E D S E C U R IT Y 
G A R D E N PAT IO S 
CLU B RO O M S 
G Y M A N D SA U N A S 
1-2-3 B E D R O O M S, 1-2 B A T H S 
*185 to *275. B IL L S P A ID 
P A R K TO W NE A PT S 
434-4191 
2o11 B A N D E R A R O A D 
Between Hillcrest and Callaghan 

I or 2 Bedroom Apartment. 136 E. 
Craig. 227-1813, 341-5886_________ 

V IL L A G E O A K S APTS. 
1-2 Bedrooms, ond Efficiences 
U T IL IT IE S P A ID 
8o11 N. New Braunfels 828-4242 

Plantation House Apt. 
1-Bedroom 
..................... $16o. 
2-Bedroom townhouse, 
*225. 
344-7o93 539 M CC ART Y 

3o1-o9-1* W. Magnolia 
A partm e nts from *1oo and up- 
Near SAC, convenient shopping, bus lines. Call 733-9857. 

121 LEE 
2-Bedrooms, $9o. Water pd. 
924-3278, 494-5678 
LEMON TREE APTS 
4227 SU N G A T E 
I Bedroom, $179 Bills pd. 
655-4826 
L IV E B E T T E R FOR L E S S ' 
G R O U N D L E V E L D U P L E X E S 
F U R N . OR UNFU RN. 
E X C E L L E N T M A IN T E N A N C E 
H IG H L A N D H ILLS APTS 
2931 E. SO U T H C R O SS 
534-88o8 
L & R TOWNHOUSE 
2-Bedrooms, air, heat. $14o. Water pd Patio. 158 E! Mio-4o8 Ira No pets. 341-8446, 494-5678, 824-6227 
' Luxury Duplex Near Med Center 
661o Sauthpoint. 3-2-2, kitchen appl, mc. w ash e r-d rye r, fire ­ place. Sauna! Very different-not for everyone. Day 222-3751, Eve 
344-4429________________________ 
L u x u ry sph t-level, I bedroom 
$23*. and 2 bedroom townhouse 
$295 NW Adult. 34* 1262 
'66 M u sta n g Std. 6, air Show room Condition. New paint, good tires, *1o5o 661-4896 

SA V E Y O U R S E L F 
Tim e, trouble, money. We find new apartments for you, owner pays fee. Economy to luxury, all over town. 
T H E G O L D E N K E Y 
Apartment Locators 828-5739 

S E C U R IT Y 
PLU S 
Apts. of Distinction 
Efficiencies - I and 2 bedrooms 
Furnished ond Unfurnished 
T H E V IL L A F O N T A N A 
123 B R A C K E N R ID G E AVE. 
(O F F 27oo B R O A D W A Y ) 

8 2 8 -1 1 9 1 ____________ 
S O U T H E A S T 3-Bedroom apt, partially torn. Children ok. $18o mo. Call JoAnn, 9AM to 4PM, 
S33-1756._______________________ 
South, unfurn. apt. 2-bedrooms, like new, paneling, convenient to b a se s, sh op p in g and expw ay. 
Water pd. $135. mo. 923-2367. 

219 W M A G N O L IA 
Great old apt. in Monte Vista his­ to ric dis*. O ak flo o rs, h igh covered ceilings, beautiful mill work. $17*. Bills od. Appointment, 
222-2157, 734-6746. 

4o6-HOMES, DUPLEXES 

All bills pd. Paneled I bdrm, near 
SAC Only $15o. Call 
United, 735-9121, fee (238-3) 
Another Deltcrest, I bdrm, appls, water pd. low dep *8o 
United, 735-9121, fee (269 ll 
C e ntral 2 bdrm , air, b ills pd. 
Kids-pets welcome. *165. See 
United, 735-9121, fee (254-1) 
Check this 2 bdrm house, cent 
A-H bills od. No lease. *175 united, 735 9121, fee (24o 1) 
Couples Delight! Carpeted I bdrm with extra room. Hurry! Only $85 
United, 735-9121, fee (236 2) 

CHOICE RENTALS 
761S 
Glen 
Vista 
3-1-1, 
$195. Central air-heat, stove, dishw asher, garbage d is­ posal, fence. 
6o27 Castle Hunt 3-2-CP, $165 
2 Air Conditioners, stove, fenced yard. 
8518 
Glen 
Shadow 
3-2-2, 
$295. 
Central oir-heat, stove, refrigerator, privocy fence 
5883 Costle Hunt 3-2-1, $225. 
Central air-heat, garbage dis­ posal, refrigerator, dishwasher, range, fenced yard 
47o2 
Castle 
Queen 
3 - l f , 
$185 2 Air conditioners, range, refrigerator, fenced yard 
1923 Hackm ore 3-1 CP, $165. I 
Air conditioner , range, fenced yard. 
2435 Spur Drive, 3-1-CP, $165. 
Stove, fenced yard 
6 54 -18 44 
3 42 -41 15 
653 -o 5 7 o 
6 7 3 -5 o 8 3 
W O R L D W ID E REALTY 

4o8 -HOMES, DUPLEXES, 

CHOICE RENTALS 

583o Castle Brook 3-2 
5245 

12521 Sandpiper 3 - 2 ........... $3oo 

831o Iou Gehrig 3 2 ........... $3 5o 

4846 Castle Streom 4 2 . 
$225 

4826 Castle Path 3-1 
$185 
Call 8 2 8 -5 7 o 4 

 f j j n a i . - i ' i g n 

BOB RODGERS, REALTORS 
81o7 B roadw ay 

4o8 -HOMES, DUPLEXES, 
4o8 HOMES, DUPLEXES, 
4o8 HOMES, DUPLEXES, 

$135-$16o. 
BLA N C O RD. and B A SS E RD 
1-2 Bedrooms. G as Water Pd. 
6831 BA SILW O O O 342-37o? 
BRO O K H O LLO W — D U P L E X 
2 bedroom, 2 bath, approx, 145o sq.ft. Unfurn, *275 mo, water and lawn main included. 14417 Brook 
Hollow, call 492 966! 
618 Byrnes, 2 bedrooms, cur, gar­ age, fenced, $19o 826 148o 

EXECUTIVE HOMES 

C A S T L E H IL L S , la r g e 4 be­ drooms, 2 baths, family room with 
.. 
. _ 
_ real fireplace, at! a p p lian ce s, J "**' M o and Dep. IN R E A L En 

4-2-1, cent heat-air, carpeting, appls, fenced yard N E School district. Available M ay IS. $275 mo 656-2841 
3-'3-1, c e n tra l h eai a ir, a p ­ pliances, $235 mo. C E N T U R Y 21 
Schneider Realty 684 72oo 

4o8 HOMES, DUPLEXES, 
■ 
UNFURNISHED 

CHOICE RENTALS 
From $275 to 535o, 3 arid 4 bedrooms, central air, covered patios, fenced yards. Give us a call today 

828-6391, ANYTIME 

BEANIE 
OWENS CO. 
REALTOR-MIS 
NE loop Ofc. 

Check this carpeted 3 bdrm, 2 bath on corner, cent air-heat, fenced 
United, 735 9121, tee (264 2) 
C H U R C H IL L A R E A : Choice 3 bedroom, 2 bath. $3oo - up 
LOU Forks - 341 OHO 

A A A A A A A A A W .. Still renting’ 
Own your own home Some only 
$1oo down! No Credit? No prob­ lem! 922-2173, 675-9294, 673-4714 
PAT M C V E Y R E A L E S T A T E 

Available, 15th, practically new, 
$15o. 2 Bedroom house 333-8731 or 534-o617. 

A A A A D E A L - W hy rent-own a hom e. $1oo to *3oo dow n, 1st payment in July. 
696-742o SL A T E R R L T Y 684-6169 

Dynamite I bdrm, carpet, fenced. 
Has air, most bills pd *11o 
United, 735-9121, tee (269 3) 

SUNSET RIDGE APTS 
Large I and 2 Bedrooms 
F R O M $122.5o (FU RN . $14o ) 
116 V A N D E R H E C K 826-2369 
O F F 64oo N. N EW B R A U N F E L S 

E, M Y R T L E , I Bedroom , near 
SAC, Trinity. 735-7136 

ON A WANT AO 
THI NUMBfR TO CAIL 
IS 215 1666 
I X PRI 55 AND NfWS 

Randolph 3-2-1, huge den, central weather, fenced for kids-pets. 
United, 735-9121, fee (248 1 ) 

A BIG 4 bedroom, 2 bath, fenced, central heot-arr. $275 mo. Call 
IN T E R S T A T E 828-o755 til 8 pm 
A Choice of 3-4 bedroom homes to rent. Lease with option to buy 
Own your home N O W ! $19o to $5oo mo. 
G A S E -B A K E R R E A L T Y CO 
69o-899o Eves 696-88o5, 342-7712 

KEY G8MIP 
A1 CHOICE RENTALS 

Beat this! I bdrm. North Extra room, stove, fenced for kids-pets. 
$45 
United, 735-912T, tee (231-2) 
4 Bedroom, bath ond a half, cen­ tral heat-air, *24o mo. 656-1234 

RED CARPET 
3 bedroom, I' j bath, 16 X 2o den, 
$175 mo 
V a lle y 
Hi 
H om e 
655-5567, work 333-621o. Pam. 
3 Bedroom Duplex $85. Children ond pets welcome. Water pd. 3o9 
Willow 344 84o2 

3-2-2, Colonies North, near school, convenient M ed school, U TSA, 
USAA, $3oo Month 696-7582. 
Colony D r L arg e 2 bedroom, I both with fireplace. Outstanding location for all conveniences 
$26o. Waler pd. 494-6282, 82? 9641 ofter 6_________________________ 
Comfortable 2 bdrm Townhome has cent air heat, appls, fenced. 
United, 235-9121, fee (253 1 ) 

 lan dscaped P re stige location 
M inutes to Med. School. Lee Hi 
School 115 C O T ILLIO N 

O V E R L O O K G O L F C O U R S E , 3 bedroom s, 2 baths, carpeting, drapes, new range, dishw asher and disposal, central heat and air. 
311 B A SIN 

L A R G E 2-STORY, 4 bedrooms, 2 baths, master suite down, built in kitchen 
NT 
Schools 
12611 LA 
BA H IA 

C H U R C H IL L HI 
P o p u lar San 
Pedro Mills, 4 bedrooms, 2 baths, built in kitchen, wood burning fireplace, beautiful trees. 1619 
D E E R R U N 

F T 
S A M . R A N D O L P H , 4 b e ­ drooms, 2 baths, l-Storv, family room 
Move in. 
1123o 
E L 
SE N D R O 

IN S ID E LO O P , 3 bedroom s, 2 baths, kitchen appliances, central heat and air, N E Schools. 3735 
B R IA R H IL L 

M E D IC A L C E N T E R , 3 bedrooms, 
2 baths, central heat and air, car­ pet. 67o6 F O R E S T B E N D 

 terpnses Inc 733 9184 Anytime 
Harlandale I bdrm, all bills pd 
Air. apply, fenced $125 
United. 735-9121, fee (248 2) 
Helotes 4 2 2 E ve ry appliance, den, dining, horses OK. Call 
United, 735-9121, fee (269 2) 
4 2 2, H e lo te s plush, 1 buift-in, washer-dryer 
494 3/52 

 a cre , 
*45o 

 located near Bossom Atole fit Center 
R an ge dishw asher, disposal included $385 
*84 433o 344-62o7 A n y t im e 

Beanie Owens Co 
REALTORS B onderg Rd Off 

MARYMQNT AREN 
8*16 N O R W IC H (D U P L E X ) 
J bedroom. 2 bath, 2 car garage, fireplace, covered patio, fenced yard N E schools Near Northeast 
B ap tist Hospital, I year lease, water od $28o pet mc^ 1-14 o229__ 
Medical Center 
J bdrm. carpet, drapes plenty of air. fenc ed $2oo 
United, 735-9)21, fee (247 J)__ 
M odern J 2-2. built ins, central air, many extras *31o 
United, 735-912). tee (744-2)__ 
M ove in today! 2 bdrm house, kids-pets ok No deposit, Only SSO 
United, 735 9121, lee (235 3) 
3o55 NANTUCKET 
4 bedroom . 2 bat h nom e in 
C H A R T E R O A K*. All draperies w all-to-w all carpeting p rivacy fenced, wet bor and game room 
*575 monthly 
344 3o78. nites 
696 o«A6 
D O N JOHN SON CO R E A l TORS 
N e a r L ac k la n d , 3 bedroom . 2 bath, central an, covered patio, fenced void *19o mo 684 o711 or 
344 4397 
N E A R I A C K L A N D KT I L Y like new 3 bedroom, I ’ , baths Move in today! 674 3552 
H O DSD O N «. A S S O C IA l L S 
Neat Lackland, 3-2-1. With den. central air and heat, fenced, neat sc hools, *1/o plus deposit 6/4-252/ 
N E A R SKY H A R B O U R area No qualifying take over 3 heil loom only S!5/ mo, central air or only 
$14/stove refrigerator. 
733 9111 tv 
Coax tales 
623 13*9 
Near Willard Hall M edical Centei 
3 2 2, ca rp e te d , a p p ls. 23 ti m astei bedroom, covered patio, fenced. $36o. it I 75o5___________ 
3 2-2 near W m dsoi P a rk M u ll 
Stove, reft igei ator, dish wastrel, fenced $41o 494 3752 
N E 3-2-1 eden, full kitchen, tall carpet, privacy fence $275 
R OSSI RE At TY 
494 7/81 
N e e d ro o m ’ 4 1*1, a ll a p p ls, covered patio, has den, new 
Faint 
United, 735 9121. tee (25o*2) 
3-2-2, NE ISO, range, dishwasher, covered patio. Available June I. 
*285 
684 433o 344-62o7 A n y t im e 

Beanie Bwens Co 
R E ALTO RS-Bondero R d Ole 
NE: Plush 3-2 2, appls. central otr, with option Only $255 
United. 73S 9i?», fop (23? 3) 
N E - 
R e d e c o ra te d . 
W alk lo 
Uboats, swim, tennis 4 2-2, huge fam ily room, fireplace Air, low 
UNI, drapes 
*45o plus dep 
342 5911 
Nice 4 room duplex, near Catholic 
C hurch SICO Adult couple or sin gle, references, and deposit 
344 5 
5 
8 
5 
_ 
No deposit I bdrm house, bills part pct Kids pets OK Hurry* $5o 
_ United. 735-912), tee (323 ll 
N o down paym ent, $2o closing co st, a n yo n e ca b buy 
3 be d ro o m s. la rg e te n te d yard , payments less than rent h o b D ePA O LO 
344 3o91______________R E A L T O R 
N O D O W N TO A N Y O N E 
H ist payment in July. 3 and 4 bedroom homes, some with carpet and ap atlantes Monthly payments start ut SIMO 
R O SSI R E A L TY_______ 494 /781 
N O R T H E A S T 
J Bedroom s, 1'» baths, garage, fenced $185 
4 Bedi noms, 2 baths, carpet $235 
Beautifully decorated townhouse, 
3 2' i-2, $385 
82? 1552 or 822 /585 
N O R T H E A ST H E A L TY 
N orth Star 4 2-2, den with t in ­ plate, all appls. att air. fenced 
Call 
United, 73* 912), tee <268 2) 
NW, 2 and J Bdrm Duplexes Cent a ir 
W a sh e r D r y e r co nn ., a ll appis. $19o $23* 341 626/ 
NW - 2 bedroom house, centers, schools, $9o 223 4641 or 695-9261 
N W B ric k 2 l l, a p p ls . a ir, screened porch, fenced for all 
United, 735 9121, tee (249 3) 
Old charm. 7 t i, appls, dining, fireplace, fenced Just St7o 
United, 735 9t?t, fee (244-3) 
Once m ound de an I bdrm , has appts, air. fence *16o 
United, 735 9121, fee (243-J) 
Paneled I bdrm with fenced yard, new paint, kids pets OK $145 
United, 735 9171, tee (746 11___ 

Lovely 7 b/tJi OO rn Duple* f I SO mo Responsible adults 691 128o 
Plush NE 7 7 with built ins plus reefer. Fem ed for all. Call 
United, 735-9121, tee (23i-7) 
R E N T A L S 
WE H A N D L E 
Choice N E Rentals 
BUDDY UECKER 
824-/36), 1324 Austin Hwy 
Room, stove retfig 715 Seguin 
St IH35 N and Moore, *34. Call 
John after 6, 927-SIOO 
2-2. R o y a l R id g e 
Stove, re fn ge rator. dishw asher, fenced. 
New ond sp acio u s W in d c re st schools $415 494 3757 
Southeast 2 bdrm house, bitts pd. 
Fenced. Kids-pets OK. Garbage. 
*15o 
United, 735 9171, tee (24)7) 
Southside I bdrm with cp Low dep, kids pets OK Won t lost $6$ 
United, 735 9121, fee (242 3) 

Ft. Sam ? bdrm, has appls and air. A (eat rent tor *15o 
United, 735-9121, fee (249 1) 
'3-2-2, F u ll ca rp e te d , a ll ap pliances, fenced, NE school dis!. 

19oo SO FT 3 2 brick $365 
ALL A P P L 2 I C P *165 
C E N T R A L A IR 3 I C P *21o 
Al I A P P L 1-1-1 $2oo 
L A C K L A N D 3 7 I *22* 
681 o66o 

RED CARPET 
I Townohouse, near W indsor 
P a r k 
Im m e d ia te o c c u p a n c y 
Range and dishwasher included 
$2oo 684 433o. 344 62o7 
I 
684-433o 344 62o7 A n y tim e 

Beanie Owens Co 
R E A L T O R S Boridera Rd Ole 
! 3o24 W 
A sh b y 
C le a n , 2 be* 
! broom s Stove, ref $195 733 o389 

WILSHIRE ARFA j N e ar Et. Sam , I t ', g a r a g e , 
! fenced yard, stove, re frig $165 
2 Bedroom, t bath, tented, gar age, stove, regrig., window un ti SO 
O W N ER A G EN T , 653-4139 

H E R E S TH E LOW D O W N ' 
Why rent when you can assum e pavm ts under $2oo on this 3 bdrm home? 656 1234 
REO CARPET 

W indcrest Executive, 3 2 2, $47o, a n y sc h o o ls, b e a u tifu l yard . 
653 1 122 
R A N D Y M A T T H E W S, 
R E A L T O R 

 ll? R O O M S ,IM M 

ALPHA HOTEL 
Reasonable, daily, weekly rates 
I Downtown 315 N Mom ___ 
Bedroom, air, mature adult, re tired gentleman preferred 
: 737 198o 

H igh lan d Hilts, 3 bdrm house, cent air heat, patio, fenced tor all 
SISO 
United, 735-9)2), fee (242 1) 
Honeym ooners Deligtit! I bdrm cottage, fenced for oil Bills part od $5o 
United, 735 9121, tee (34o it 
3-1' j house, cent heat air, den, stove, I blk elementary, 6 mo-1 yr leose, $1oo deposit $27$ month 
344 o61 5 9 SPM only 736 o288 

Contractors check this 3 bdrm. 
Beacon Hill area. Call now 
United, 735 9121, fee (245-2) 
Cory cottage! NW area. Carpet, kids pets OK Just $125 
United, 73S 9321, tee (238 ll 
3 2-den, double g a ra g e , fened yard Avaiable M ay 24. $32o per mo. 344-2341 
KEW G R O U P 
BOB JO N ES, R E A L T O R 
2 1 D U P L E X , cent heat- air, stove, refrig, patio, fenced yard. 
Near San Pedro. $275 mo C E N ­ 
TU R Y 
21 
Ray 
Teal, 
Realtors 
341 2222 

2 B E D R O O M . 
SISO 433-4787 
Fenced home. 

4 bedroom s, I ’ j baths, central heat-air, $24o mo 656 1234 
R E D C A R P E T 

We have the newest and best 3 and 4 bedroom homes in North 
San Antonio. Att of our homes ore le ss than I yr. old 
D ra p e s, privacy fenced R e frige rato rs, , carpeting. $3oo to $45o per month. 
_ 
. . . 
. .. 
, 
Call us anytime! IN R E A L INC. 
Roomy 2 bdrm mobile. Air, appls, 
733.9184 fenced A real rent $125 
- 
T r ~ ; 
..■■11 r - r r - 
United, 735-9121. fee (235-1) 
4 nccd near Windsor 
,enced vard C,eon- i14° mo 4354 6 Bedroom new rock home, super 
Try this I bedroom, most bills pd p(j m oh jig s 
' 
Stiver Lake, 828-3673 evenings. kitchen, 3 baths, fireplace, N E 
Fenced for Fido. Extra room. $9o 
RO UG H R ID E R R E A L T Y 
3o1 B L A N C O , 3 bedroom s, gar 

3 bedrooms, 2 both home in N E. 
Privacy fenced, dishwasher and range Fam ily and living rooms 
(P e rfe ct th ro u g h o u t!), patio, double garage Rent $275 mo I 
D ay s 344-3o78, nites 
696 o866 
DON JO H N SO N CO R E A L T O R S 

3-2-Oupiex Located in Jefferson 
A re a im m e d iate oc cu p an c y. 
Central heat air. $275 
684-433o 344-67o7 A n ytim e 

Beanie Bwens Co 
R E A L T O R S Bondero Rd Ofc 
2-1 Duplex, new central heal air near bus-malts, water pd $175. 
Avail. June. 341-o287 

3 B e d ro o m s, b u ilt-m ran ge , 

D U P L E X , Spacious, built-ms, re frig.-freezer. Loop 41o and Star- crest. $275 494 3752____________ 
Exceptio nally nice 3 bedroom townhouse. NW area, evadable 
June 1st. 4921359.______________ 

E X E C U T IV E L IV IN G 

United, 735-9121, tee (361-2) 
654 ZU! age, large store room. 826-74o). schools, close Ft. Sam , Avail late 
May. S45o mo 653-o436 

C O LO N IE S NORTH, 3 bedrooms. 
J 2 baths, walk to Elem, School and 
Club. Central heat and air 
TRIOLA. 

8 2 8 -5 5 3 3 

Guy Chipman Co 

E X E C U T IV E R E N T A L S 
Several 3 and 4 bedroom homes are available beginning at $3oo monthly Most properties will be ready for move in during June 
C E N T U R Y 21 
DeLoney Real 653 o55o 
3-1, family room, appliances, air conditioned, fenced yard. Close to 
Fort Sam $235 223 16o5_________ 
Family special' Wilshire Terrace 
2 bdrm, huge fenced yard Coll 
United, 735 9121, tee (232 l l __ 
F IR ST T IM E FOR SA LE 
C E N T R A L H E A T A IR 
$1975o 
For 3 bedrooms, I both, separate living and dining, single garage near 
Edison 
Hi 
341-72o1, 
R E A L T O R S 
JOHN PLDBRNQY INC 

Pl ACI YOUR WANT AO 
IN THI I XPRISS NfW S 
C A II 22S-1666 

U N IT E D H O M E R E N T A L S has the largest selection of rentals in 
, San Antonio, Hundreds of var an 
3522 ictes daily to choose from Stop wasting time and gas! Call 
U N I T E D 735 9121 9-9 7 D a y s o r sto p b y 44Q4 S a n P e d r o 
House-Rent or option to buy. NS. 2 bedroom, I both, fireplace, g a r ­ age, porch 515 E. Park $17o mo 
22o 5514, 826-4951 after 6pm 
I IN TH E C O U N T R Y N E A R UTSA 
V e ry L a rg e R u stic D uplex on 
Acreage 3 br-2 bath, IO min. from 
Wonderland. $35o mo plus Dep, i E lee. and water paid. No Sm all 
Children. 
Ask for 
J IM M Y . 
698 2742 
3-2 2 in the Glen, big back yard, call 653 326o tor info. Available 
June I 77______ 
Kids-pets OK, Try this 2 bdrm, bitts part pd. Only $8o. Hurry* 
United, 735 9121, tee (245-3) 

D A IL Y W E E K L Y M O R A T E S 
N E W M A N A G E M E N T 
Navarro Hotel 116 N avarro 
For Permanent Living 
Downtown, Check out the 
TRAVELERS HOTEL 
Most Reasonable Rotes 
22o Broadway 
__ 
Kitchen privileges, free washer- dryer $25 wk 656 7478________ _ 
Room with cooking p rivile g e s 
Non smoker, lady, 2 buses. *37.5o month Bills paid 732 8462 _____ 
W A N T E D efficiency room, down stairs. 
Mate, 
Woodlawn area. 
732 657o 

418 WANT TO RENT OR LEASE 

W o u ld lik e to R e n t H o u se in country. 2 or 3 bedroom, furn or unfurn Will sign lease and pay deposit. Call Mrs. Fuller, 655 oo6/ 

LANDLORDS 
List your vacancies with U N IT 
ED* No charge' For Fast, F R E E 
R eten als, Calf our Landlord List­ ing Line from 9 9 7 D ays at 
735-9124_______ ______________ _ 
Large 4-2-2 split-level rn Oak Hills 
Terrace, neor school, fenced 
App t att 4 and weekends 681 1295 
Like new Cam elot ll, 3 2-2, fire p lac e d den, ca rp e ts, a ll ap pliances. fenced. $385 mo, *1oo dep 
Call collect, 
Boerne 
I I 336 2442 

5o1 • BUSINESS OPPORTUNITIES 

Approximately IS acres Recrea tio n al P a rk with 28oo feet of 
Medina River frontage Over IOO cement and brick picnic tables with bar b que grills. ISO large 
Pecan trees and approxim ately 
ISO smaller Pecan trees Fenced baseball field, native rock con­ cession stand and rest room s, lo c a te d on fa rm ro a d 2534 between 16o4 and 41o. Sale price 
*75,ooo or trade for ranch land 
Sh o w n bv a p p o in tm e n t on ly 
623 2893 or 623-2512___________ 

A r tis t ic a lly ap p oin te d L u n ch place (con be open evenings) tor lease or sale, Chef is leaving and I am exhausted! Living quarters, ideal for couple- C all 736-2561, 
9 3o am-4 OO pm 
A S S U M E THIS Turn Key Opera lion *32oo Firm . Backed by in­ ventory and accounts, high re- turn! 824 6555 or 656 4558________ 

P l A c t Y O U R W A N T A O 
IN TMI I X P R I SS N f W S 
C A II 2 2 5 1 6 6 6 

Jage I 8-D 
San Antonio EX PR ESS-N EW S— Sunday M ay 8 19// 

 s n ■ m s s im inn H riES sol m s s oppo«tunities s h rosihess opportuhities sol w i r e s oppobtuwities 
GENERAL STOB €. Cafe I atm 
-■ "' 
............ 1 
1......................................................... 
(J f o m O < . COS- L I o U o * . T F O > I C X 
P o r k 
H om e on 12 o c 'P * in 
Arizona. Term* Kashfm der w chitg, K s ___________________ _ 
G R O C E R Y , 
D e lic a te s s e n . 
Lunches, Gas. and home in lo u r sian o doing $21o,o8o y e a rly 
A real buy Koshfinder. Wichita,K * 

EMPLOYMENT 

ELKINS INSTITUTE 
Can Train Y ou In 

L f t ^ ^ B R O A D C A S T I N G 

~ 
\ 
DAY & EVENING 

CIASSIS AVAILABLE 

Approved for Veterans 
I st Class FCC License 
CB Radio Repair 
Radio & TV Repair 
Television Technician 
Operator 

Men and women 

BOOT shop in tr body repair 
Good volume. many nisutoih* orrounH, fully stof fed shop Ari today 

WRECKER SERVICE 
Best equipment trained employee*, good reputation h ue d to sell 

EURNITURE STORE 
SO year old tompany offered fot sole Mony atreuntt on the book* tor lode* large ttort of land and building 

MEAT COMPANY 
Speriolty meat* eompony telling dirert lo consumers 
Unique operation, Owner will train 

1oUNGE 
Several to thoose from in (botte location* 
M ned dunk* end en tecloinment 

CATE 
Southside Captive trode, little com petition in area A long term sue costful operation 

MEN S CIOTHING 
Northside 
Pre*hge area lop hues, money maker 

ORIENTAL GUTS 
I orated in moll • Beautiful Items porcelain, lode and other exotic one of a kind gift* 

CHINESE RESTAURANT first-closs equipment, good leo*», 
Norfhside Owner will train 

COMMERCIA! BAKERY 
Supplying own company store* and institutional account* pin* truck route* fully staffed with ex penenced personnel 
In business ever ?S years 

BARBEQUE 
1976 tax return shows outstanding soles ond profits Best known nome rn the business Excellent location 
Skilled personnel may be retained 

ELECTROLYSIS STUDIO 
Owner rehung ond will teach purchaser the scientific bott remove! trode 
Business may be operated out of purchaser s home or 
Apartment 
Very profitable 
Good terms available 

M ANUfACTURING OPPORTUNITY 
Heavy manufacturing af product* used by commercial truck field 
Mony long term established rustomecs on the books Products said world wide 

ICE HOUSE 
Northside 
Good business 
On menthe beer license, regular then 
•tie Will self fast ot this Tow puce 

CONVENIENCE STORE 
Southside - has on premise permit doncmg, barbeque, pool tables low price includes the real estate 

CABINET SHOP 
Rural mill and cabinet shop iocoted rn small town near S A fully equip ned end operating business Priced to move this week 

LAWN M OW ER SERVICE 
Authorized soles and service deotei for motor bronds of lawn mowers and on cooled engines, 
A great business fot young ot heart retiree 

COIN LAUNDRY 
North Equipment like new 
Good 
•rqtftf area, seller will consider tense purchase 

C A R W A S H 
Truck mounted unit designed to wosh fleets on customer * location 
Good contracts on the books, fine terms available 

GET THE JOB YOU W A N T N O W ! 

 lf you are unhappy in your present job, or dissatisfied with your career advancement, do something about it! 

Office hours 8 :3 o to 5:oo or after hours by appointment. 

18oo NE LO O P 41o — O R — 6243 IH IO 
SS$SSSSSSSSSSSS$£ 
G ro w eorihw ni-m * for e co lo gy ana profit Investm ent requirer! 
Colt for into 3417I4A or write PO 
Box 3259), Son Antonio, Tx 78216 
Grow ing busxnovTToc wife or re tired perron Buy fixture* only for gift ond tewelry shoo Toke over lo c a tio n or m o ve 
In v e n t o r y available if attired 654 1o35 or til tm 
_ 

C O M P U T E R . . .bookkeeping background will be the key to unlock a beautiful new career. A dedicated but small staff in very nice offices................................... 
$ 7 o o + 
Coll Frankie 8 28 3161 

P R E S ID E N T ’S 
S E C R E T A R Y . . .for successful investment company which offers a secure future and career. Poise, professionalism and solid skills are requested. Fee Paid., ................................ 
. $ 7 5 o 
Call Frankie 828 3161 

KEEPER O F THE B O O K S . . .for Northside firm. A confident attitude and the ability to take charge will certainly win this employer's 

 t r u s t ....................................................................... 
. . . . . . . 
$7OO 
Call Joyce 828-3161 

LET’S K E E P . . .the record straight for this progressive company with op­ portunity. 
Enjoy a small congenial staff. 
General bookkeeping background and accurate typing. Fee N egotiable.................... 
$ 6 5 o 

Call Joyce 828-3161 

S T A R T 
A T THE 
T O P . . .when you till these skills: good typing, shorthand and quick-thinking will do the job. The President of this huge 
N S operation is eager to hire. Fee Paid........................................$ 7 5 o 
Call Sharon 828-3161 

A D V E R T IS IN G 
E X P E R IE N C E ? . . .This marketing executive will ap ­ preciate you. W ell known firm with beautiful offices, excellent benefits. 
Fee Negotiable................7 ............... ........................................ 
$ 6 5 o 
Call Sharon, 828 3161 

V A R IE T Y . . .of bookkeeping duties will keep you challenged with this 

 unique business. A top Northside location offers a plus benefit.. . $ 7 o o 

Call M aggie 732-8 I 4 I 

S P E C IA L T Y . . .position for the spoiled who wants to stay in their own special spot. This favorite employer will give you your way and $ 6 o o to start.................................. 
$ 6 o o 
Call M aggie 732-81 4 I 

C H A R M E R . . .for this young and congenial firm. A busy phone, lite typ­ ing and a desire to do your best! Fee Paid................................. 
$ 6 o o 
Call Barbara 732-8 I 4 I 

P R E S T IG E S E C R E T A R IA L P O S IT IO N . . .with plush offices and super location will only add to your busy and interesting day. Fee Paid...$ 6 5 o 
Call Barbara 732-8141 

B E A T THE H E A T . . .in this cool and beautiful office of our VIP ex­ ecutive client. He needs an efficient secretary to take care of his diverse interests. "N e v e r a dull moment" position................................. $ 6 5 o + 
Call Denise 732-8141 

SET THE P A C E . . .and expand your bookkeeping knowledge while you become more proficient as you work in all areas of their operation. 
Tremendous growth potential. Fee Paid...................................... 
$ 5 o o 
Call Denise 732 -8 I 4 I 

H o ve o h ig h ly p ro fita b le on d beautiful jean shoo of your own 
F e a tu rin g the infest in le an s. d e n im s one) s p o r ts w e a r 
S U , son no includes beginning in­ ventory. fixture* ond tra in in g 
You m ay have your store open in os little os ti dnvs Coll anytime for M r W ilkerson I SOI >84/ 224! or 
847 TOSO_______________________ 
IM P L E M E N T A G E N C Y d o in g 
$28o,ooo veorly rn Alabam a town of 4.ooo About $$o,ooo investm ent required 
Koshfinder. 
Wichita, 
KS 

E l k i n s i n s t i t u t e 
3o1 Broodw ay Bldg. Suite 2oo 

BfAUTY SHOR 
One el th* n*c**t shop* m the city 
Up to dot* hon style* 
Skilled operators with following will stay 

SUBURBAN 
RESTAURANT 

 totaled outside the hustle ond but 
♦Ie of Son Antonio Attractive decor, fust doss equipment, good then tele Will go fast at this low pace 

IM P L E M E N T A G E N C Y d o in g 
$4,ooo ooo yearly City in central 
F lo r id a 
P r ic e d w ith lib e r a l term s Koshfinder, Wichrto.Ks S 

W EAR THE 
“Uniform of W h ite ” 
ENROLL N O W 

SUMMER CUSSES BEGIN MAY 31ST 

 call today 224-o756 

• Medirol Assistant Clinical/Clerical 
• Dental Assistant 

• M edical Secretary 
• lob A ssistant 

BASIC GRANTS AVAILABLE 
SUPPLEMENTAL G RAN TS-LOANS 

PLACEMENTS ASSISTANCE OFFERED 

S.A. College of Medical & Dental Assistants 
SOS la st Travis St. 
224 -o 7 5 6 

Executives 
Managers 
Professionals 
Most of the better, higher paving jobs are not adver­ tised. Haldane can show you how to find these jobs and how to get the inter views. Send your resume today or call now for a no 
,costor obligation interview. 

M A N Y OTHER LISTINGS A V A IL A B L E 
ROHDE BUSINESS BROKERS 
4 1 39 Gardendale, Suite 2o1 
San Antonio, Texas 7 8 2 2 9 

696-5311 
24 Hr. Answering Service 

Japan s leodm g consulting com pony is expanding it* u s business o p e ra tio n 
S e a r r h in q fo r a 
Regional Vice President for the 
San Antonio area with excellent potential six fig u re p rofit p a r tlcipotion We seek a successful b u sin e ss e xe c u tive w ho h a s o burning desire to m ake suasion trolly more money ond the finan etal capability to handle a one time tee of $21.$oo in stride Com p o n y e xp e n se p a id b u s in e s s orientation to Japan in July For details, information and personal interview to those Qualified, send brief resum e to F a r E a st Inter notional. PO Box 414, Shaw nee 
Mission, K * 442o1 

REALTOR* 
Not a placement agency 
_ _ 
_ j|t>er nard 
Halftone sncemr associates 
BUSINESS 
OPPORTUNITIES 
IT A L IA N R E S T A U R A N T bust ness in Texas doing about *7oo,ooo y e a r ly fro m 2 u n its 
L ib e r a l term s Koshfinder, Wichita, K s 
The only national job counseling and career management service. 
YO UR OPPORTUNITY lf you want to own your own business. 

 join norfhAmerican's growing fleet of owner/operators. 

Borrow any omoont tor any our nose Private m oney 227 141o 
L e a v in g C o u n t ry ' L o ra n b ar, dancing oovillinn, kitchen, lots of oorkm a. all air conditioned and heated, draft beer dispenser, pool tables, shuffleboard, carpet, 2oo seating rapacity 
Del Rio, Box 
$29, I 775-8969 For Sole or Lease 

STEAKS & SEAFOOD proporfy Seats IOO Oro** 
H ? Sx 2 od A npH $2o,ooo yr. 
$25,ooo «tn 
MNE RESTAURANT 
MT, gross 
$24o,ooo. 
Ne* 
$5o,ooo yr., 
Good lease. 
$25 ooo dn. 

DAIRY QUEEN 
N ’Side real clean. Seats SO. Good 
! ? 6 >S % 
***** 
$15,ooo yr. 

SEVERAL M IX DRINK CLUBS 
N W and N.E. Clean fixtures. 
Good business, parking. 
Nice; terms 
BUSY NORTHSIDE RESTAURANT 
Mixed drinks Sears 12o. Gross 
$18o,ooo 
Nets 
$4o,ooo yr. 
$1o,ooo dis 
LARGE BUSY WASHATERIA 
Close to base. With pickup sta. 
Grasses $49,OOO. Nets $15,ooo yr. $1o,ooo dn. 
7 DOWNTOWN CONCESSION STANDS lots of fixtures, stork, good moneymakers. $1 2,ooo. Terms. 

NOTICE TO 
JOB APPLICAN TS 
Advertisement* in the** column* ore ociepfed on the premise that job* offered will be filed on the na*!* of merit without diwimmo hon become of tex unlet* the job is a bnnofide occupational qualifi­ cation 
EM PLO YM EN T 
AG EN CIES 
The Son Antonio Private Employ ment Attoriohon ho* a rigid Code of 
Ethic* to which oil its private employment agency member* subscribe 
For information about private employment agencies, or ac­ tion on complaints, toll 224 78o2 at 
Hie Better Butine** Bureau 

B u sin e ss and In d iv id u a l loans a v a ila b le for a n y p u rp o s e 
$2,ooo 51o.ooo,o(1o Confact M r 
T 
W h ite ly 5)4 8871________ 
San Antonio 
Century Bldg . 84 NE Loop 4IC 
Suite 275 West / Dept. E 
(512) 342-3166 
San Antonio, Texas 78216 

A ls q H o u s t o n a n d D a lla s. 

Cable EX E C U T IV E 
Regional offires Hosier, O r ago 
Cleveland Dallas / Detroit Houston 
LOS Angeles San Francisco ' Tampa ] 
Ne r 
L- On ,1 ade i phi a Wash gto« 

L IQ U O R S T O R E Good location" 
N West M a kin g m oney O w ner selling due to other b u siness in terests Coll 484 7211 or 484 t$!2 
We specialize in the purchase of 
•Chattel or Real Estate Notes 
•Financial Ceasing 
•Factoring Accounts Receivable 
IN Q U IR E AT 224 o314 
ISIS NBC Bldg 
Son Antonio 

L O U N G E on S St M a ry s fully equipped For sole or lease Pion tv at parking Call Larry, Allied 
Amusement 923 4211 
___ 

 northAm erican needs peer pie like you 
People w ho want to dec'de then ow n futures 
W e ll help yo u start an that future . b y giving you complete train­ ing and by providing tree tors at reasonable dow n paym ents 

M A N U F A C T U R IN G and sales to the b u ild in g tra d e s, d o in g 
$2,5oo,ooo yearly in Hawaii A real buy Koshfinder. Wichita, K s 

LO A N S A V A IL A B L E 
We are not loan brokers We ore sole representative of a group of private investors entrusted with placing their investment capitol in duality b usiness ventures of all types 
(8o4)799 3777 
Ask for 
Mr.Garrett. 
_________ 

M E D IN A L A K E R E S O R T A N D 
F IS H IN G C A M P 
Sto re , beer, floating dock, boat loonch, cam p ground. 2 bedroom house, larqe s to ra g e b o rn , b e a u tifu lly landscaped approx. 3 acres, oleo tv of parking Under continuous owners oast 14 years Profitable, 
Ideal set up for refired couple 
Must qive away of $85,ooo $25,ooo cosh down. and ow ner finance balance Write Sam Dorden. Box 
SIB, Bon d e ra, T e x a s 78oo3, or phone $12-794 3841_______________ 
M IN IA T U R E G O L F C O U R S E S 
E a rn $18,ooo $25,ooo In sta lle d o u td o o rs or in d o o rs 
No m ore seasons Priced at $1o,9oo E xce l­ lent financing L O M M A E N T E R 
P R IS E S INC. , Scranton. P A 18So1. 
Tel (717)344 5559 
_____ 

N E E D C A S H ?? 
B U T H A V E NO C R E D IT ? ” 
Coll Union Finance 223-487) lik e a n y th in g w o rthw hile , it 

 requires an outlay of time and an initial investment (a minimum of $ 2 ,1 o o to a maximum of 
$ 3 , 8 o o ) which includes the dow n paym ent on a tractor and interim living expenses while you take training in driving, business o p e r­ ations, loading a n d paperwork. 

P H O N E FO R S M A L L LO A N 
P R E S A F IN A N C E 227 2243 
WANTED IMMEDIATELY 

A mature married couple to live- in ond provide training ond counseling to Juvenile clients in 
Angleton, T» prefer on associates degree in a Social Service Related field ond a minimum of 2 years experience in the care of luvemles 
Or a 
High 
School 
Otplomo (or equivalent) ond 4 years experience $7oo per mo. per person with room ond board provided Send resume to, 
MARY M U ZSIA Y 
G u lf COAST M H M R 
PO BOX 249o 
GALVESTON, TX 77553 
I o t 

R E A D Y cash to purchase your real estate m ortoges 225 1475 
S M A L L H O N O R LO A N S 
JU ST P R O M IS E TO P A Y 
A S A C R E D IT 
223-4249 

7 3 5-9 4 58 

ALL EMPLOYER FEE PAID 
Starting, expanding, intangible a c c o u n ts r e c e iv a b le . ..ca sh a v a ila b le for these and other money needs Coll 473-8857 now 
VIP PERSONNEL SERVICE 
8oo N.E. Loop 41o 
6243 IH 1o 
W h ite s h a s It I 
AN OPPORTUNITY 
FOR TEXANS! 

M O B IL E H O M E P A R K , 71 spaces with room for 13o more In South 
Texas Only $14o,ooo Koshfinder. 
Wichita. K s 
________________ 

TERRITORY SALE). REP, Consumer 
Products, Salary $15K plus com- mission................... S ISK + 

SALES TRAINEE, Consumer Pro duct*, Salary................. S M K 

S o if y o u ’rfi 2 ) or over, in go o d physical condition, hove a g o o d driving a n d work record, and meet the financial requirements. . . and rf you're looking for som ething more than lust a job, contact us now 

M O B IL E H O M E B u s in e s s , 2 parks, sales, parts and transport ing in Oklahoma doing $1,445,ooo yearly Koshfinder, Wichita. Ks. 
SP ASSOCIATES 
Professional Employment 
Consultants 
18oo N.E. loop 41o 
828-5573 

M O T E L , 24 units doing $34,5oo yearly City of 23.ooo. w est Texas I 
Only $ttn,ooo T erm * Koshfinder, 
Wichita,Ks 
MANUFACTURING 

PURCHASING DIRECTOR .. S2oK 

PRODUCTION MANAGER, BSIE or 
BBA 
........................ S2oK 

GENERAL FOREMAN, no degree...................... S17K 

INO ENGR . electronics.... S i 8K 

IND ENGR . methods pro. 
S17K 

ENGINEERS 

DIRECTOR 
OF 
ENGR, 
8SEE 
HOUSTON................. S3SK 

CIVIL ENGR, Chief Engr.... S2oK 

MECHANICAL 
ENGR, 
Light com m 
............. S ISK 

ELECTRICAL ENGR Light comm ...................... SI BK 

CIVIL ENGR. Site Develop... S M K 

512-736-2263 

PROFESSIONAL 

W a n t to be your ow n b o s s ? O w n your own business* Coch dot on the m ap indicates a nth w here W H IT E S is seeking a franchise to open and operate another W H IT E S A U T O 
STO RE. O ve r 1 4 7 Texas towns to choose from, plus other crime locations in neighboring states. Could you be the one we re looking tori’ 

M O T O R C Y C L E , G a r d e n a n d la w n e q u ip m e n t a g e n c y in 
Alabam a City of $2o,ooo Priced to sell Koshfinder, Wichita, Ks. 
4 Short W e e k s insurance 
C LA IM S 
ADJUSTER 
W e have an opening for a 
Claim s Adiuster in our Sa n 
Antonio office. 
Position requires 1-3 years Claim s experience. Partial licens­ ed applications will be considered. Position offers salary com m ensurate with experience and excellent fringe benefits. For details call the Claim s Supervisor of (5 1 2 ) 7 3 6 - 2 6 8 ) . insurance From 
C N A 
An Equol Opportunity Employer 

O t h e r T r a in in g in: 

Computer Operations 

Computer Programming 

Medical Assistant 

Medical Secretary 

Nurse’s Aide/Orderly 

 o r w rite 
Being transferred. Adult Book store Coll 194-7837 northAmerican 
V A N lin e s 
P.O. Box 495, 
Dept. * 3 5 8 
Fort W ayne, indiana 
468o1 

ArI fqi„ji Oppofttin.l, Compony 

Neighborhood Pharm acy, Austin. 
Be low in v e n to ry 
F ix t u r e s optional Term s Box 4784 Austin 
Tx 78745 I 453-1327______ 
______ 

W H IT E S is a complete home ond automotive 
'.enter with 6 5 o m odern stores in I 7 states, including 
Texas, and plans rapid 
• xponsion in the 
South 

New and U sed F u rn itu re , An lian e s, elf. O w er old. ill W ill 
Sacrifice. 824-74o1.______ _________ 
N IG H T C L U B 
C o rn u s C h r is t i'* la r g e s t n ig h t club Over 7.5oo sq ft in shopping center 1oo+ location, p le n ty of parking. La rge st volum e in town, good tourist business M a il replies to The W in d j a m m e r C lu b , 12 
P a rk d a le Plaza, C o rp u s C h risti, 
Tex 784H. O r co ll John M a ssa , between noon and 
2 :o o PM at 
512-854-4538.____________ 

Education Center 
1121 Navarro 

W e ll put y o u o n the 

•ood to su c ce ss a n d 

 lifetim e security. 
C" 

W h ite s d o e s not 

 c h a rg e fran ch ise fe e s 

 or o v e rrid e s o n sa le s 

Inve stm e nt of 

S 3 o O O O a n d up is s q u ir e d , d e o e n d m g 

 o n the s u e store y o u 

 select 

N O R T H S ID E 23 U N IT M O T E L 
Excellent condition. Excellent in- come 49o-859o 
_____ 
HALLMARK 
AERO- U C H ~ 
ICE CREAM & 
YOGURT STORES 

Select areas stilt available for exclusive ZIP’Z “M AKE YOUR 
OW N SU N D A E’’ FRA N CH ISES, includes SITE LOCATION, EQUIP­ 
MENT. and TRAINING. Minimum 
S95oo cash investment required. it you qualify- 
CALL TOLL FREE TODAY 
1-8oo-821-227o.Ext.323 
ZIP’Z 

A OIV. OF I.Q.I., INC. 
447o MONROE ST.. D E P T .'A E 

TOLEDO, OHIO 43613 

O N E OF A K IN D 
Our 13 year history has proven a 
K W IK K A R W ASH to be one of the h ig h e st in v e stm e n t re tu rn b u sin e sse s know n We o rn vid e financing, site analysis, construe lion and service. Call M ike Slevin collect (214)243 3521______________ 

EXECUTIVE 

CONSULTANTS 

" N O T J U S T A N O T H E R 

A G E N C Y ” 

6243 IH -IO, SUITE 44o 

BECOME A LICENSED 
A V IA TIO N TECHNICIAN 

NEW CLASSES BEGIN JUNE 2oth 
• Approved for Veteran* 
• Accredited NATO Institution 
• FAA Approved 
• Courses in Airframe and Rower plant 
• Quoli&d for FAA ASP license 
• lourse Duration 12 Months 
• Job Placement Assistance visit o n ca u 
HALLMARK AERO TECH 
113o 94th St., Stinson field 
Son Antonio, Texas 78214 
924-8551 rnmmmmmmmmmmmmAkmmmmi Mini iiiuiiiiiiiiinw 

SECRETARIES/ 
TYPISTS 
BOOKKEEPERS 

Own Your Own Busin e ss’' White 
Auto Stores. 391o Coll Field Rd 
Wichita Falls, Tx (817)492-341o 
H a v e m o n e y to 

 in v e st? C a ll our 

 n ea rest sa le s o ffice 

Y o u will receive 

'fre ig h t facts w ithout 

 p re ssu re and w ithout ob lig a tio n 

P L A N T A N D G IF T SH O P 
N E, Under $5,ooo 
455-5484 or 455 4822 
We need top performers for tem­ porary work all around the town. 

Good pay for good skills and a benefit package See how a steady 

 flow of short-term assignments fits 

 your lifestyle Apply today. 
GEOPHYSICISTS 
TERRITORY 
MANAGER 

P L A N T SH O P for sale, located co rn e r of Locknut, Se lm a and 
Blanco. Castle Hills Village 7239 
Blanco. 344-3221 OR 49o-9445 
Duties consist of m aking customer contacts, participation 

 in training program s and developing new geophysical 

 techniques in the cool and uranium industry. Applicant 

 should have a BS degree in Geophysics or a BS degree in 

Geology with Geophysics experience. (Applicants with 

 other technical degrees ond geophysics experience will be 

 considered) 

Management 
STORE OPERATIONS 
SUPERVISOR 

NEED A CHALLENGE? Are you a high energy, self motivated person? 
Hove you had 3-5 years responsi­ ble management level experience in retail, soles, marketing ond a college background? Can you com­ municate? Demonstrate incentive, drive, leadership ability ond in­ telligence? You may hove a lot in common with the success-oriented people at FOTOMAT CORPORATION 

EOTOMAT I* the most progressive compony in the photographic in- dtistry — the notion * lender in retailing of photographic services ond supplies ond developing fasti following orientation and training initial assignment will be in the 
San Antonio oreo. 
REW ARDS: 
• PERSONAL AND PROFESSIONAL 
ADVANCEMENT 
• INDEPENDENT RESPONSIBILITY 
AND GROWTH 
• EXCELLENT SALARY AND 
BENEFITS 
• BONUS PLAN & PROFIT 
SHARING 
• STOCK PURCHASE PLAN 

All responses acknowledged. In­ terviews will be conducted in the 
Son Antonio oreo For immediate consideration, pleose send your resume including salary history to 
MR R BARTOLOT 
FOTOMAT CORP. 
759o Fay Ave. 
L a Jolla, C a . 92o37 
An Equol Opportunity Employer 

JOIN THE SWEET 

SMELL OF SUCCESS... 

JOIN A LEADER 

IN THE FRAGRANCE/ 

CO SM ETIC IN D U ST R Y 

C A U o r W R IT E 
Du nn S B ra d stre e t s o y s Coin 
O p e ra te d L a u n d r y a n d D r y 
Cleaning Stores are one of two industries with the least failure figures ‘ 
K W IC K W A S H co in o p e ra te d la u n d ry and d ry c le a n in g test store* for sale. 
W E H A V E choice laund ry loca­ tions in every port of San Antonio ready to build now 
B A N K R A T E F IN A N C IN G 
For information call E d Floyd 
5)2-484-3771 or v is it o u r w a r- ehouse-show room at 54o3 Jock- wood, Son Antonio, Tx 78238 

M A N P O W E R 
S a K i n e 
L y i _ y U U U u o c 
/ 
Lufk in , T e xas 7 5 9 o 1 

-......... " W 
T 
M 
PH A C 7 1 3 6 3 2 4 4 7 1 

ON THE MOVE IN TEXAS A N D OTHER SOUTHERN STATES! 

TEMPORARY SERVICES 

63o B ro a d w ay 
224-9251 

Equol Opportunity Employer 
ENROLL N O W 
CLASSES s 
I 
F O R M IN G 
V 
. J * Nurse* Aide 
M ale Orderly 
( T V 
* Medical Assist. 
^ 
♦ lo b Technicion 

• Approved for Eligible Vet- erons 

 r Eligible for Basic Grants 
Job Placement Assistance 

Registration Availoble 
For Inform ation coll 
S.W. School of 
M edical Assistants 
2 2 4 - 2 2 9 6 
115 Broadw ay 

CIGARETTE SUPPLY 
DISTRIBUTORSHIP 
Part or Full Time 
Immediate need in Son Antonio cmd or surrounding towns for distributor* All retail outlets ore secured by compony, therefore no product selling 
Become distributor for such nationally ad vertised cigarettes os Winston, 
Camels, 
Marlboro, 
Poll 
Moll, 
Salem*. 
Kook 
Kent. etc. 
To qualify you must hove o cor 2 8 hours per week (doy* or eves) 
$35oo CASH 
INVESTMENT REQUIRED 
For more inform ation write: 

"CIGARETTE DIVISION « 7 " 
PO Box 14, Rosemead, 
Coli!. 9177o 
Please include your phone number 

 lf youve been thinking 

 about an exciting career in 

 the fast moving cos­ 

 metic fragrance industry 

 this is an excellent op­ 

 portunity to join the leader. 

 lf you are soles motivated 

 and preferably have some 

 experience calling on 

 department or drug stores, 

 we hove an immediate 

 opening for you in the San 

Antonio ond South Texas 

 area 

 i e 'i t ★ ★ i t l r ★ ★ ★ 
★ ★ f TEACHERS * 
* 
* 
O ne 2nd grade 
♦ 
* 
One Kindergarten 
* 

^ • Private school i- 
■k • BA or BS degree 
* m af 
^ 
C Em ploym ent 
* 
* 
Service at 
Ar 
333 V alley High Dr. * 
* 
6 7 3 -1 8 1 4 
* I 

\ 
CENTURY yA 
G EO PH YSIC AL CO RP 

J J T / 
Personnel Manager 

J f / 
6 6 5 o East Apache 
Tulsa, O klahom a 741 I 5 

 a n e q u a l o p p o rtu n ity e m p lo y e r M F 
NO PURCHASE 
REQUIRED 

P R O V E N PR O D U C T . Will double your money in 4 years Need in­ vestors from S1,ooo-$4o.ooo E x ­ press News Box 778o, San Anton- ip, Tx 78297 
Sole or lense 
Cafe with gam e room. 5omi NW of SA. 484-2231 
Applications ore now being accepted from individuals to pro vide locol service to our com pony established accounts. 

N O SELLING REQUIRED 

This exciting and lucrative business provides an ideal o p ­ portunity for husband and •'or wife, semi retired or retired, businessmen ond professionals to be their own boss, operat­ ing a business with earning potential of 

S E R V IC E G A R A G E and mobile home in A rkansas O zark! county seat Doing about $1o ooo monthly. 
Koshfinder, Wichita, Ks.__________ 
S E R V I C E G A R A G E and 2ooo sq.ft.home on 3’ cacres Louisiana town of 6 OOO Only $5o,ooo Kash- tinder, Wichita, K s 
_______ 
Consulting engineering firm has an opening for a civil engineering draftsm an with a m inim um of 2 y rs exp. on s u b d iv is io n im ­ p ro v e m e n ts a n d m u n ic ip a l projects S a la ry com m ensurate wild ability Coll 349-o151 tor appt 

In addition to a complete 

 training program we offer a 

 compony car, paid ex­ 

 penses, excellent remu­ 

 neration that includes 

 solory ond one of the best 

 benefits programs in the 

 country 

Sound interesting? 
Then 

 write to us including solory 

 history and requirements 

 to 

SIG N B U S IN E S S with $3o,ooo in equipment and inventory Yearly profits over $2o,ooo $35,ooo cash 
N White. C ash C a rry Sig n Co , 
18oo Barton Springs Rd, Austin, 
Tx. 472-44o3__________ 
____ 

SHOP AT HOME CONSULTANT 

Must have at least 
3 years experience in custom 

 decorating to include fabric and related fashion ac­ 

 cessory sales, correct m easuring and installation 

 methods, mainntenance of special order files. 

Automobile essential. 

Salary com m ensurate with experience 

 apply in person 
Em ploym ent Office 3rd Floor 
J o sk e ’s Dow ntow n 

 equal opportunity employer 

New Classes Seem M ay 9th, 
K eypunch, Se cre ta rial, A c ­ counting. D ra ttin g and A ll 
Other Business Courses 
Vet Approved 

PA RTNER-M ANAGER 
One of America s largest market­ ing firms, assisting inventors with 
35 office* m the U.S. ond Canada, is looking for o sole* oriented 
Female Mole Director for the Son 
Antonio area Challenging, crea­ tive, noncompetitive. so phisticoted sales 
Business established. Must be intelligent, hard working, poised ond ag­ gressive Do not call unless you con sell yourself and expect to moke over $25,ooo 
Coll Mr. Sanders 
828-3529 

PART-TIME O R FULL-TIME 

Com pany provides: 
I, Equipment and supplies 
2 Accounts in key locations 
3. Skilled training and guidance 

YOU PROVIDE: 
1. Top credit references 
2. Sincere desire to operate own business 
3 M ust be ready to start in 3o days 

N o purchase required, our investors put up the necessary capital for qualified applicants. Applicant must have ad e ­ quate working capitol. 

2 small mobile home porks, good opportunity for retired couple. 
Coll Burnet ($12) 756 2793 Or (512) 
754-4153.___________ 
Perm anent position in civil ond structural engineering office in 
S A M inim um 2 y rs exp Solory c o m m e n su ra te w ith a b ility 
826-7347 for appt__________________ 

Small Tropical Fish shop for sale 
One veor old. Good location. Open 
6 hours dav Coll 494-3253 m orn. ings; 349-4467, noon til 4 
_______ 

IQS San Pedro 

Finish High School at Home 
Diplom a Awarded For free bro­ chure, coll Am erican School, tool tree: 1-8oo-621-8318. 
__ 

S T E A K 
S E A F O O D H ou se and 
Bar in Florida on 5 ocres doing 
545o.ooo y e a rly Lib e ra l term s 
Koshfinder, Wichita, K s __________ 
H A L L M A R K A E R O T E C H 
! 13o 99th ST, Stinson Field 
924 8551 
Lanvin-Charles 

 of the Ritz 

Fragrance Division 

12oo3 N ova Dr., 

Houston, Texas 77o77 

 on equal opportunity employer m/f 

T E R R IF IC O P P O R T U N IT Y 
M an and wife grocery store central to trode oreo 
Completely equipped-modern 
E a sy terms at 5o°o of volue 
W ATSO N & SON 
227-o227 
628 )262 
732 2635 
655 8546 

 y H e o lth Education 
* 

CONTINUING 
EDUCATION COOR. 
Full time position available work­ ing within 
United 
Hospitals notionally recognized 
Health 
Education Dept 
The individual selected for this position will be required to Assist in the Planning of Education Programs for af­ filiated Rural Hospitals in addition to providing leadership in the development of education pro- qrams of 
United. 
A 
Masters degree in Public Health or Educa­ tion is required with hospital ex­ perience being highly desirable 
Interested applicants,'please sub­ mit resume and salary re­ quirements to: 

Beverly Franklin 
UNITED 
HOSPITALS, INC. 
125 W. College Ave. 
St. Paul, M N 551o2 
Equ al O p p o rt u n it y E m p lo y e r , 

Call J. TRIO LA 
( 5 1 2 ) 7 3 2 - 5 1 4 1 
SUN., M O N ., TUES. O nly 

G A M A N DISTRIBUTORS 
(8 o o )3 2 3 -o 5 o 2 

62o8 S.Flores 
P ro b le m s with sc h o o l? M a th ? 
B iology? C h e m istry? G E D ? call 
927-4o96 tor private tutor._________ 
T R A C T O R a n d 
Im p le m e n t agency in M issouri doing $6oo,ooo to 57oo,ooo yearly. Priced to sell. 
Koshfinder, Wichito, K s 
___ 
SPORTS BUSINESS 
BOWLING/GOLF 
$8oo PROFIT 
WEEKLY 

No selling. Will train 
Contracts ond contacts established. 
In­ vestment $52oo. Many benefits. 
Call our toll free number. Mr. 
Edward!. 

S O U T H W E S T 
S C H O O L 
O F 
M E D I C A L 
A S S IS T A N C E . 
224 2296, its Broadw ay 
Food and Beverage 
ASSISTANT M ANAGER 
FOR LOCAL 
COUNTRY CLUB 

SEND COMPLETE RESUME TO: 

EXPRESS NEWS 
BOX 4441 
Son Antonio, Texas 
78297 

PROGRAMMER 

MINI-COMPUTERS 

U N IQ U E P L A N T SH O P 
52ooo equity Assum e bank note, call aft. 6PM , 658-574? veteran Inquiries Welcome 
Texas Vocational School 
1913 S.Flores_____________225-32 
Uni sex Hair Salon. Beautiful new shop for lease near Slanco-Basse 
Rd. M ann Realty. 349-3527._______ 
Major manufoctuter of Mini­ 

 computers is seeking an in­ 

 dividual with programming 

 experience in ACCOUNTING 

 ond or 
BANKING appli­ 

 cations. 
Salary commen­ 

 surate with experience, ex­ 

 cellent fringe benefits, good 

 growth potential. 

For confidential interview 

A U T O M O T IV E 
R E P A IR 
C E N T E R 
6 stalls. 2 offices, wotting room. 
N o w in o p e ra tio n . E x c e lle n t gross. 533-o)44 
___________ 

C harm ing Kiosk (stall in matt). 
Cedar and redwood U nusual in­ ventory. Excellent opportunity to boy this creative tittle shop easily. 
822 1469_____________ 

V A R IE T Y ST O R E 
5o year reputation Owner refiring Company needs young outgoing management, good profit potential Centrally located 
227-o227 Watson & Son 655-8546 

A D J U S T E R T R N E E $91oo Fee 
Pd 
Complete training international firm, benet.+car. Colt Pat K irk 
6S7 1123 
Snelling A Snelling Em ploym ent 
Service 82o3 Rough Rider________ 

Bakery tor sale, 16o4 McCullough, 
$5,ooo. 222-oo79, 7-8PM 
C H E M IC A L L A B , p r im a r ily water analysis in the southwest doing $4o,ooo veorly part time. 
$6o,ooo Ka5hfmder, Wichita, 
B a rb e r Shop, established bus! ness, prefer retired person, also 
Hair styling. 
Reasonable 
924-464o.______________ 

W E BU Y 
Businesses and Inventories 
J K A H N & ASSO C 342-4822 
Sell no longer needed household items in the 

 fxpress-New s 

A N T H O N Y Independent School 
District is accepting applications for the position of Superintendent. 
Salary negotiable M ail resum e to 
President, Board of Trustees, P 
o 
D raw er B, Anthony, Texas 
88o2)________ 

Beautiful N orthside Nite Club 
Approx. 5,ooo sa. ft., completely renovated. Call owner 661-8)it or 
I 438 28o5 

C IV IL C O N S T R U C T IO N T E C H ­ 
N O L O G Y . S a la ry b ased on de­ gree and exoerience, M asters in 
Civil Engineering or C ivil T ech­ nology required. Three ye a rs in­ d u stria l exp e rien ce related to 
C iv il C onstruction T e ch n o lo g y required. B achelor's degree will be considered with strong ind us­ trial background. M ust be able to te ach E n g in e e rin g M a te r ia ls . 
Surveying, Soils ond Foundations, 
Concrete and Asphalt, Structural 
Detailing, and En gin e e rin g G r a ­ phics Send resum e to. 
Director of Personnel 
Tarrant County Ju nior College, 
14oo Electric Service Bu ild in g, 
Fort Worth, TX 761o2 

A limited num ber of ind ivid uals ore needed to raise e a r w o r m s tor an organization that affords an unlim ited incom e potential. 
For information, coll E C O L O G Y 
C O N C E P T S IN C., 512-657-o133. 
Office* Nationwide._______________ 

B E A U T Y SA LO N 
Alt e q u ip m e n t, e s ta b lis h e d clients Extrem ely good location, 
514,5oo 
M A C R E A L E S T A T E 828-2521 
Business form s com pony well es­ tablished in San Antonio with an excellent cu stom er list. $7o,ooo with tow down paym ent and ffexi- ble term s 7)3-443-2485 

Call Mr. McGhee 

 at 227-o351 
OLIVETTI 
C O R P O R A T IO N 

226 W. Cypress 

San Antonio, Tx. 782o2 

Established plant store in N 'E a st 
San Antonio Good location. Call 
658-9188 after 6PM ___________ 
E n to y yo u r p ro d u c tiv e h o u rs meetmq people who trust your m ature advice in selecting from the largest assortm ent of better to w n h o u se s a n d a p a rtm e n ts available a great way to put your 
Real Estate license to work. call 
M rs 
Pine, A P A R T M E N T K E Y 
341 9175 

Merchandise 
Mart 

F A ST FO O D S E R V IC E n U n fllO 
E Q U IP M E N T S A L E S 
We buy worm s under contract 
National sales office distributing 
W orm grow ers needed one line. A c q u irin g a d d itio n a l lines on national basis Newly or- ^ ^ W f O R M E N T E R P R l S E j ^ ^ ganged. Office established. Need n n nn n -r„ . „ v .rn 
K K i r s i J t s s s so? • “ kiss opportunities 
R O T O F L E X ^ O V E N S A L E S CO. 
WANTED 

F E E D , 
G R A IN 
A N D 
F E R 
LO O K IN G For a successful bust- 
T IL I Z E R B u s in e s s in C e n tra l ness in needof active partner with 
T e xas doing $4oo,ooo ye a rly 
A capital 89o9 W illm on W ay. San real buy Koshfinder, Wichita, K s 
Antonio, T X 78239. 
_______ 

D R Y C L E A N E R S - Good location 
Selling due to illness. 223-1o)3 

“ E A R N $4,ooo P E R D E A L ” 
Incom e potential $5o,ooo per year and up. You must be sales orient­ ed. fin a n c ia lly sound , ab le to travel in your exclusive market. 
A u to m o tiv e o fte r m a r k e t ". 
$4,95o OO cash required M a rke t ing System s, Inc ,1125 n e.i25th 
St N .M iam i, Flo rid a 33161 Call collect: M r Cook, 3o5-895-ooo? 

C A F E -C le a n , N icely decorated a n d w ill eq u ip p e d N e a r H o l­ lywood Park and Thousand Oaks. 
B u y le ase h o ld and equipm ent. 
$15,ooo. 
T e rm s c o n s id e re d . 
734 5119, 344-6856 
______ 

TMf A C T I O N N U M B tf t 
TOR f AST RESULTS 
PL A C I Y O U R W A N T A D 
IN T H I I X P R F S S N E W S 
CALL 2 2 5 - 1 6 6 6 

 residential, com m ercial 824-6363 r o r m T w m r n r n r n ---------- 
IS 2 2 5 -1 6 6 6 
E X P R E S S A N O N E W S 

 f o e EAST RESULTS 
P l A C I Y O U R W A N T AO 
IN T H I E X P R E S S N E W S 
CALL 7 2 5 - 1 6 6 6 

PLAC E Y O U R W A N T A D 
IN THE E X P R E S S N E W S e a u 2 2 5 -1 6 6 6 

THE N U M B E R IO CALL 
IS 225 )666 
E X P R E S S A N D N E W S 
C A F E FO R S A L E 
655-995o_____ 

1XPRESS-NIWS BONUS ADS 
S l im e s 
■ 
TEXAS SIZE SAVINGS... IO days 
$ 
NON COMMERCIAL! 
A 
JBJ 
« A 
A 
A 
CANCELLABLE 
B W 
W 

 rahch^nge 
QUICK RESULTS! 

]1 PROFESSIONAL 
SOI PTOFESSIOWIAl 
6o1 
PROFESSIONAL 
6o1 PROFESSIONAL 
6o1 PROFESSIONAL 

CO ST A N A L Y ST 
Sw earingen Aviation has an immediate requirement for a M anufacturing Cost 
Estimator with a background in industrial engineering and or cost accounting. This is an Entry level position on our exempt payroll. 

The position requires an associate degree in industrial technology or cost accounting or equivalent experience. The ideal candidate will have previous estim ating experience for a m anufac­ turing com pany. 

This position offers: 

• A go o d starting salary 

• Excellent fringe benefits 

• O pportunity for advancem ent based on dem onstrated job perform ance lf you have the background or e x ­ perience we seek, contact Tom Haines, 
Director of Em ployee Relations at (5 1 2 ) 
8 2 4 -9 4 2 1 to arrange a personal in­ terview at your earliest opportunity. 

A Subsidiary of Fairchild Industries 

E q u a l O p p o rtu n ity E m p lo ye r 

Crypto 
Technicians 

Operators/Maintenance 

A L A S K A 

ITT Arctic Services, Inc. (ASI), o subsidiary of federal Electric Cor­ poration, has submitted a proposal for the maintenance and operation of AC&W sites at various locations throughout 
Alaska. Should we be the successful contractor, we will require technicians experienced in the maintenance and or operation of KW-26, KG-13, and Kl-7 cryptographic equipment. 

To qualify, you must be a Technical School graduate and have been certified in at least 7 of the above equipments within the past 2 years. Certificate of Certification (DO I43S) required for 

 maintenance personnel. 

This is a good opportunity to save for that home in the future. 
Good starting salaries, free room and board, and excellent cor­ porate benefits. No arrangements can be made for family ac­ 

 commodations. 

 lf you wish to be considered for these unique assignments, please forward your detailed resume to Mr R A. Broglie, ITT 
Arctic Services, Inc., 633 Industrial Avenue, Paramus, New 

Jersey o7652. 
ITT ARCTIC 
SERVICES, INC. 
An Equal Opportunity Employer, M f 
ITT 

C O L L E G E G R A D S 
L IB E R A L A R T S 
A year can make o big difference 
M ake 1977 the year you tom V IS 
TA and see what a difference you can m ake V IS T A volunteers are I involved in all asp e cts of com 
| triunity developm ent, selt-help I program s, social services. W hat's in it for y o u ? G ut-level e x p e r­ ience, use OI your college degree, self grow th, flexibility A ssig n - I meats starting this sum m er M ust a p p ly now 
V IS T A p r o v id e s I volunteer living allowance, paid I v a c a tio n , m e d ic a l c o v e ra g e , tran sp o rtatio n expenses, other I b e n e fits. 
C a ll u s co lle c t 
IS I J)397-S95 Ext 4 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS — Sunday May 8 1977 

 r n ML snits 

P a g e I 9 - D 

6o2 SALES 
6o2 SALES 
6o2 SALES 

E X E C U T I V E 
H O U S E K E E P E R 
Excellent opoortunify tor exper- I te n ce d h o s p ita l e x e c u t iv e 's j housekeeper. A ttractive frin ge benefits Salary negotiable. Sub m il detailed resum e, along with salary history, to Director of P e r­ sonnel, T e xas Tech U niversity. 
Health Sciences Centers, PO Box 
4S69, Lubbock, T e xas 794o9 An 
Equal Opportunity Em ployer 
IB A co u p le to m a n a g e an in ­ dependent business in spore time 
C a ll fo r in te rv ie w 
342 47o7 
19-Hom j 696-549o ofter noon. 
IN D U S T R IA L E N G IN E E R ISR 
Top co needs your lite exp 
Call Gwen 828-6494 
N E W D A Y P E R S O N N E L ■ 
Consultants 9o) N E Loop 41o 
47oo + IN S CO Sharpe people for agent tra in in g R o sie 732 2191, 
2So1 West Ave. Job s N orth Inc. 
Personnel Consultants. 
JO B H U N T IN G ? 412-465,ooo B e r­ n a rd H a ld a n e & A sso c . (512) 
342-3166 
S in c e 1947. N ot a I placement agency 

DISTRICT 
MANAGER 

You’ve Got To Be Good 

To M ake It 

At JACK IN THE BOX 

We tare about quality, and our standard of excellence extends to our employees os well as our producers Thot s why we re one of the top chams in the fast food industry . .and that's why we re still mowing 

In our continuum efforts to exceed our own standards, we've come up with some of the most innovative ideas in the industry Right now were seeking an aggressive, highly motivated individual to nssume responsibility for one of our profit centers after successfully completing an intensive, accelerated management development urogram. 

Hie person we want will hove decision-mokmg experience at the held or multi-unit level and the inherent ability to assume an ever broadening scope of management responsibility. Present earnings will be in the SI3.ooo plus range and background will ideally in­ clude a college degiee (its equivalent in successful business ex­ perience will be considered). 

We piovide an excellent salary and benefits package during train­ ing and odd on attractive bonus program upon attaining District 
Manager status, lf you re as quality conscious as we are, please forward your resume with salary history to: 
EXPRESS-NEWS Box 434o 
S a n A n to n io Tx 7 8 2 9 7 
JACK IN THE BOX 

 is operated by foodmoker, Inc., a 
Subsidiary of Ralston Purina 
Company 
An Equal Opportunity Employer M f 

MANUFACTURING 
ENGINEER 
(Entry) 

Entry Level Position requires BSIE, B S M E or equivalent. Initial assignm ents will be in Pro­ duction Supervision. 

JUNIOR TEST ENGINEER 

BSEE, B S M E or equivalent. Entry Level posi­ tion assignm ent will be in air conditioning test laboratory. 

Management Opportunities 

If y o u d o n t g ro w w ith us, 

 it w o n 't be fo r lack o f 

 o p p o rtu n ity! 

T hats right! At Long John Silver's we’re adding to our 
KOO plus restaurants at a rate cd over 2o lieu units per month. For you, growth like this means accelerated opportunity with a company where the tradition is advancement through achievement. 

 lf you have som e experience in foodservice. we can put your unrealized potential to its best use. lf you've developed your management skills outside the foodservice industry, we can prepare you for greater management responsibility. Either way, you’ll find substantial opportunity for personal and professional growth. 
Call toll free today: I (8oo) 354-95o8 
Or write in confidence to: 

Roger Green. Personnel M an age r 
Long John S ilv e r’s, Inc., 151 ii W est M ockin gbird I,ane 
Suite 1o3.. Ila lla s, Texas 75235. 

 cLong^$3$5ft 
Cf? ‘JohnSilverS C 

1 ,| R 
Sh A R KID SHI IPHI S 
X\ 

,i 
. 

2 S & 

P.O. Box 154o, 78295 

Equal Opportunity Employer M F 

STORE MANAGERS AND 
ASSISTANT STORE MANAGERS 
UVE IN SAN ANTONIO 
NO TRANSFERS 

Must hove recent retail supervisory experience in one or more of the following departments: Men s, Ladies' or 
Children's Wear; Fabrics; Linens; Shoes; Cosmetics. Learn to be a Store Manager. Good pay, good bonus, many benefits. Closed Sundays, reasonable hours. 

Call or w rite M r. Brenner 

Or M r. Grim m for confidential app ointm ent 

SOLO SERVE COMPANY 

118 Soledad, San A nton io 7 8 2 o 5 (5 1 2 ) 2 2 5 -7 1 6 3 

M A N A G E R T R A IN E E 4988o 
W illing to work for a great future in natl co? Coll Pot K irk 657-1 123 
Snelling & Snelling Em ploym ent 
Service 82o3 Rough Rider 
M a t u re te a c h e r tor M e d ic a l 
Vocational School M ust be able to type SO words, no Med terms, dic­ taphone. 224 o756 or 822-3o89 Ms. 
Voight. 

INTERESTED IN NUTRITION? 
(RETAIL STORE MANAGER) lf you ore a m o n g the millions of people w ho are becom ing more aw are of proper nutrition . then you m ay qualify for a position with on*? of the fastest gro w in g retail chum s in the country! G e n e ral Nutrition Centers, Inc. has grow n from 
35 stores in 197o to over 3 7 5 stores today! O ur expansion is expected to continue at a very im pressive rate well into the 198o s W e are looking for some very special people to loin our m ost exciting com pany! To be successful we need people who meet the follow ing profit*- 
■ Knowledge or Interest in Nutrition 
■ Retail Sales and/or Managem ent Experience 

■ High Energy level 
B En|oys Selling 

■ Enioys Helping People 

■ W onts Career Opportunity lf you feel the ab ove profile pretty well describes you, then we certainly want to talk with you 
W i offer an excellent starting salary and an exceptionally fine incentive program as well as a com plete packog*- of all fringe benefits Y o u 'll also participate in our corporate* profit sharing program os added protection fot retirement purposes last, but not 
•east you ll receive the finest training iii the industry on an expense-paid one w eek sem inar at our headquarters in Pit 
•sburgh, PA 

G N C is proud of being an equal oppoitonity em ployer, and we invite all applicants, including those between tne ages of 
4 o and 6 5 to apply 
A P P LY IN P E R SO N AT 
GENERAL NUTRITION CENTER 
C EN T R A L P A R K M A L L 
M o n d a y & Tuesday. A pril 25 & 26 
1 o :o o a.m . - 5:oo p.m . or Se n d R esu m e to 
C. H a rd ile k ; P.O . B o x 14 447 ; Austin, TX 78761 

O F F IC E M O R 12K 
D r's office exp? If s time to move up! Owen 828 6494 
N E W D A Y P E R S O N N E L 
Consultants 9o) N E Loop 41o 
P E R S O N N E L D IR E C T O R 
Excellent oppty, exp or degree J 
514,4oo. Call Tom Sharpe 349-3541 
S H A R P E Personnel Service 
6322 Sovereign Or .Suite 14o 
P h arm acist needed for indepen­ dent business. Excellent working co n d itio n s, good s a la ry , good benefits, Coll 224-5o93____________ 
Professional Executive 
Consultants Int'l 
Personnel Consultants 
6243 IH IO, Suite 44o 
512-736 2263 
P R O J E C T IN S P E C T O R for con­ su ltin g civil e n g in e e rin g firm . 
Transp. furnished Knowledge of construction reauired. 
Call 
826 7347 

Specializing Teacher placement 
S P E A R S Personnel Service 
2o7 Jockson-Keller 
828-1292 

The City of C opperas Cove, Co­ ryell County, Texas, (Population 
22,5oo) is accepting applications tor the position of City Engineer. 
Applicant m ust be T e xas re g is­ tered with degree in C ivil and 
M echanical engineering, m ust be able to pion and design all aspects of city water, sewer and sanita­ tion e n gin e e rin g. P rio r exper- lence desired but not necessary. 
Salary open. Send resum e to John I 
W Carlton, City M an o ge r, P.O. I 
Drow er 28o, Copperas Cove, T ex­ as 76522. 
___________ 
Wanted: 2 and 3 day teachers for pre school Competitive salaries 
H o u r s 9-12. O p p o rtu n ity tor p rofessional grow th D e gree in e a rly childhood, child d e ve lo p ­ ment, or elem entary education re q u ire d . 
P r e s c h o o l exp. preferred. Send resum e to D ire c­ tor, Childrens Center, Oak Hills 
P re sb y te ria n C h u rch 6739 C a l­ laghan Rd. 78229 

SALES 

/ M a j o r Tire Company 
DISTRICT MANAGER 

Wholesale Sales 

Starting salary $ 1 ,2 o o per month plus 

Bonus & Fringe Benefits. 

EXPRESS-NEWS BOX 4444 
San Antonio, TX 78297 

An Equal Opportunity Employer F/M 

AMBITIOUS 
I M en and women want more out of 
I life? Start today - will train - need 
I car. 415oo et month. Call G reg or i Bort 349-4219, 349-4397, 349-4847___ 
A P R O F E S S IO N A L P A Y C H E C K tor a professional job well done. 
! Sell fine homes in San Antonio, full f o r p o rt-tim e • no e x p e r ie n c e 
< needed, lf you have a year of col­ lege, or are taking (o r plan to take) a Real Estate course- or ore j licensed, we'd like to folk to you. 
I j Form al training school + orr-the- i job tra in in g . We sp e c ia lize in buyers com ing in from out of town j who m ake a decision in 1-3 days. j D on’t be afraid to call a m anager j now 
! 
IN T E R S T A T E 828 o755 til 8 pm 
Assistant m anager for auto parts j store, experience necessary, M r i C Auto Parts 656 5486_____________ : 
A T T R A C T IV E M A R K E T IN G 
1 
R E P R E S E N T A T IV E 
We are looking for a bright per- j sonable individual, perhaps with 
[c o sm e tic sa le s b a c k g ro u n d to i handle a variety of In&ide-Outside soles plus office work. Beautiful 
I su rro u n d in gs. Excellent sa la ry p lu s co m m issio n , oil co m p a n y b e n e fits. 
C a ll M s. 
H o lm a n , 
6S6-6oS5 between 9 and 12 only. 
Furniture Corp. of Am erica. An 
Equal Opportunity Em ployer. 

CHALLENGE AND RESPONSIBILITY 

Uaico, Inc. is a Dynamic, Ma|of manufacturer of Business Forms An 

 nual sales o f 52oo,ooo,ooo We are people oriented, with excellent op­ 

 portunities for personal and professional growth for the right in­ 

 dividual 
WE OFFER... 

Excellent earnings, Salary plus commission, health and life insurance, 

 retirement nlan, but most importantly, we o ffe r the challenge of 

 becoming an integral gait in the continued growth o f a successful 

 company. 
WE REQUIRE... 

A significant record of achievement, stable personal and employment 

 history. A sense of urgency, hhe ability to deal with people at ail 

 levels, from the corporation president to the woiehousemon. 
For further information cai! Mr. Tanner, 224-5538 

H O N E S T . . . 

1. $ 1 o o -$ 2 o o per d a y avg. com m ission 

2. N o com petition. 

3. D aytim e selling to local businesses. 

4. W e offer g ro u p insurance. 

5. $ 1 2 o o gu ara ntee d first m onth. 

N O P H O N Y R U N -A R O U N D S 

TOTAL IN F O R M A T IO N BY PHONE 

CALL M R . G O L D 

M o n . & Tues. 9 A M - 5 P M 

7 3 2 - 5 1 4 1 

CUSTOMERS SERVICE 
SALES REPRESENTATIVE 

Technical inside sales of industrial process 

 controls. Will handle service dispatching 

 with related duties. Must have technical 

 background and be able to type. Opening 

 in Odessa, Texas. Send Resum e To: 
HONEYWELL INC. 

P.O. B O X 36756 
H O U STO N , TEXAS 7 7 o36 
ATTN: M . BRADLEY 

Equal O p p o rtu n ity Em p loyer 

SALES M G M T TRAINEE 
‘I 1,ooo to *13,ooo Plus 

Recently separated rompany grade officer, It or Cnpl preferred Position involves complete training in sales nrqrnt administration Income and cid vcmcement opportunities open to the individual selected Expenses and automobile furnished 
SALES TRAINEE 
RECREATION INDUSTRY >1o,8oo + 

Dulles wholesale sales (ailing on established as well os seeking new oc founts Experience to include some soles, rf possible bul not ieauited 
College graduate desired Compony auto urn! oil expenses provided 
SALES REPRESENTATIVE 
‘I 2,ooo-‘l 4,ooo Plus 

Unlimited opportunity for administrative minded individual with sur- cessful background Our client is a manufacturer ond wholesaler of con sumer products and is seeking on aggressive individual who is profit con scious and results orientated Aute and expenses provided 

By A p p o in tm e n t O n ly 

O 
I l ? i l l U l u m u T E m i i l u g i n r u l 4 $ > r r u i r r 

1259 Jackson Keller 
342-2391 

REAL ESTATE SALES 

The Windcrest office of Red Carpet Realtors has an im­ mediate opportunity for a sales associate. The successful applicant will have I or more years experience in Real 
Estate Soles and must have the ability to 

A C o m m u n ica te E ffe c tiv e ly 
★ M onitor Custom er Needs 
★ Produce C onsiderable Results 
Red Carpet Realtors can offer the professional growth one) advancement opportunities you re looking for in addition to an excellent commission structure 
Call Mr. John Smith this afternoon 
6 5 8-o 6 41 
RID CARPET 

SALES PEOPLE 

Tired of k n o c k i n g o n d o o r s ? 
Tired of running down phony leads? 

O u r people say their work is more like play. 
Earn $ 15 o commission per d a y with no even ings or weekends. Paid training. 

For further information 
CALL M R. LU N A 
M on. 9 A.M. to 5 P.M., Tues. 9-1 I A.M. 
828-9o87 

$5oo+ A W E E K 
Beer M eister needs one profes­ sional salesm an with at least 5 years in home sales experience. 
All leads furnished from TV ads. 
Call Bob Caraw ay, 828-6244. 
B E L O W T H E B E L T now accepting applications for 
M gm t T rain e e s and P a rt Tim e 
Sales. Apply North Star M all store only___________ 
_____ 
B E S T P A Y P L A N in town for live w ire used ca r sale ro o m C all: 
M ike N orris 435-1641 

SM UMI MAK V • It 
I 
JEMtKO 

CAN YOU CLOSE? 
R a p id ly e x p a n d in g S A. m eat com pany has opening. High com m is s io n s , re p e a t s a le s. C a ll 
684-4947 for appt. K in gs M en Meat 
Co. 

An Kt|tml < )|>|Htrltinilv I'.iiiiihiwr < '* •■ i nill I !*-< I lit Alinit),ills*- Arum 

AREA M A N A G E R -T E X A S 

Growing southern retail chain is searching for AREA 
M A N A G E R to supervise multiple districts in central and east Texas area. Duties will include new territory store development, field administration, employee selection, training and evaluation and report writing. Excellent opportunity for further advancement with a $ 1 o o million sales organization. 

Q U A LIF IC A T IO N S: Prefer general merchandising and or discount retail management experience. Col­ lege degree desirable, but not essential. Position re­ quires approximately 5 o % travel. Candidates should be earning in the 
S2 o K salary range. 
Excellent benefits and prerequisites are furnished for this position. 

Interested applicants should submit resume, career objectives and salary history to: 

EXPRESS-NEWS BOX 7794 
San Antonio, Texas 78297 

Equal Opportunity Employer 

ARCHITECTURAL EMPLOYEES 
Austin Architectural Firm, 
Diversified Puraetice, Immediate positions available. 
ARCHITECTS— 5 1o years experience, all phases. 
SPECIFICATIONS W RITER— 
Technical knowledge materiels ond building constructions documents. 3-5 years specifications Knowledge of (SI format necessary, architect, active CSI member preferred 
CONSTRUCTION A D M IN IST R A T O R S— 
Background building construction for administrative responsible ty o f individual pio|ects, 5-1o yeais experience office con struction administration 

Pleasant working conditions in surburan location Resume, work somples 

 required Solory negotiable. Inquiries confidential Contact- 
G e n e ra l M a n a g e r 
BARNES, LANDES, G O O D M A N & YO U N G BLO O D 
16 o o W . 3 8 T H Suite TOO 
A u stin , T e x a s 7 8 731 
5 1 2 — -4 5 1 -8 2 8 1 

FASHION ART DIRECTOR 

Fashion art director needed to direct fashion artists. W ill direct photography for fashion and trend ads. M u st have experience as fashion artist as well as experience in supervising people. 

A pply Personnel Office, 3R D Floor 
Jo sk e ’s of Texas 
Alamo Plaza 

 equal opportunity employer 

C H E M IC A L S A L E S 
SA Territory Draw + Comm. Inst. 
Exper Call Bernie 684-868o 
Finney&Associates Personnel 
Consultants 5835 Callaghan No325 

COLLEGE STUDENTS 
Sum m er work, free to w ork all 
| su m m e r. S U O p e r w eek, c a r necessary. 
For appt, call M r. 
Webb 

226-5221 
C O M E G R O W W ITH US! 
Immediate openings for M anager 
T rainee. Com e live with C olor 
Tile, A m e ric a ’s largest chain of 
I hom e im p rovem ent stores. We lo fte r e xcellen t sta rtin g s a la ry while training, plus com m ission 
.[a n d un b e a ta b le c o m p a n y ben- 
M efits, unlim ited opportunity (or 
I advan ce m e n t A p p ly 1347 B a n ­ dera Rd. or 6435 San °edro. 

 to S18,ooo + Good Benefits 
ASSISTANT CONTROLLER 
RETAIL ACCOUNTING 
Heavy retail store accounting experience required. 
Report to Controller. Opportunity to advance. Height and weight must be in proportion. All applications held confidential. Send letter and resume (no agen- c.es, please) or call ... 
Mr. Brenner or Mr. Grimm 
512-225-7163 
SOLO SERVE C O M P A N Y 
118 So le d a d , Sa n A n to n io , T e x a s 7 8 2 o 5 

48oo-41ooo 
D I S T. 
R E P . co car-expense acct-co od benefits. 
Sa ra h 732-2191, 25o1 W est A ve 
Jobs 
North 
Inc. 
Personnel 
Consultants______________________ 
Do you wont to make B IG money selling to chain and independent stores? It you can sell, we’ve got 

FARMERS INSURANCE GROUP 

L. WHY WAIT TILL TOM O RROW ? 

Let us show you today that— 

You can learn our business 
M ake more m oney 
Be successful in a rewarding career 
Continue present job while starting your own agency on a part time basis 
Training and supplies furnished 
Available locations in San Antonio, 
San M arcos and Fredericksburg 
★ N o investment 
For com plete details call 

TELEPHONE SALES 

W e need 3 o goo d people willing to work and to learn the Telephone Sales Profession. 

No Experience — W e Train 
Free Parking — On Bus Line 

Salary + Bonus 

2 2 5 - 2 8 1 9 
M r. A lbert 

An Equal O p p o rtu n ity Em p loyer 

STOP!! 

ASK 

YOURSELF... 

W here will I be and what will I be doing 
5 years from today if I continue what I am doing now ? 

W e have 
3 sales positions to fill in 
San 
Antonio area which can develop into managem ent for the person chosen. 

• Expense paid training 

• Be guaranteed $1ooo 

 per mo to start 

• Be given the op portunity to advonce 

 rapidly into manage ment 

TO QUALIFY: 

Must he sports minded 

Ambitious and dependable 
High School education or better 

Own good cor 

For the right person this is a lifetime career opportunity with an International 
G rou p of Cos. 

Call For 
Appointment Now! 

CHARLES BEYER 

512 - 344-8331 

MON.-TUE. 

9am to 5pm 

E O E 

VACATION RELIEF 
DISTRICT SALES 
MANAGER 

M u d hove reliable trans­ portation with liability in 

 durance. 

HOURS: 4am loom 
MON.-FRI. 

4am -l lam 
SAT. & SUN. 

OR 
2pm-8pm 
MON.-FRI. 
4am -l lam 
SAT. & SUN. 

APPLY IN PINSON 
PlRSONNEt OFFICE 

9-1 lam or 2-4pm 
EXPRESS NEWS CORP 

Ave E. & 3rd 
Iqual opportunity employer 

Charles Manley at 656-8266 

Departm ent Store & Office Supply 
SALES REPRESENTATIVE 

Wanted: WRITING SALES, INC., one of the leading notional distributors of stationery, office and school supplies has on im­ mediate position available for an ambitious individual interested in pursuing a financially rewarding position in sales. As o territory manoger, you will be responsible,for calling on ma|or retailers in the Son Antonio area We offer a guoronteed draw vs. commission package, plus a car allowance. 

 lf you re highly motivated ond an aggressive self starter, in­ vestigate this opportunity with a successful and growing compony 
For immediate consideration, submit comprehensive resume with salary history to: 
Mr. Robert Paelke 
1 4 o 5 E x ch an ge Dr. 
R ichard so n , TX 7 5 o 8 o 

APPLIANCE SALES 

W e have an opening for a person intel esfed in making money in a permanent position. 
Sales experience helpful, but not necessary, as we will train you. 

W e are an established firm selling Am erica's best appliance lines and offer top com ­ mission, good draw insurance benefits and other incentives. 

APPLY IN PERSO N 
1o27 N E LO O P 41o 

 is looking for a 

REAL ESTATE 

LICENSED 

SA LE SM A N 

 with experience in new 

 and custom home sales on 

 northwest side of San An­ 

 tonio 

Call Cleat Crain 

654-1211 

FLO O R C O V E R IN G S A L E S 
F u rn itu re sto re M e rc h a n d ise 
Manager, sales Manoger, a take 

X r°k,L lq IV , covering sales person - I retail 
You ll see Write us for the info sa ipc ,n xtorp - I contract sales in 
N O W 
N o v o , 
38SS 
L in c o ln , soles in s,ore 
1 con,raci soles in 

H ave need of 2 Q ualified floor ! charge, young, aggressive, retail genious Will shore percentage of 

Chicago, III 6o613 

LOOKING FOR A CAREER 
IN RETAIL? 
House of Jeans wants to place persons in management 

 trainee positions. 
Rapid advancement to assistant manager and manager for the right individuals. Retail 

 clothing experience preferred. MUST RELOCATE after naming. Please call Mannie collect: 
512-477-5927 
M o n -F ri. 
8 A M -5 P M 
Equal O p p o rtu n ity E m p lo ye r 

. iA f t t A i k * ir W k * 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* * * J 

ENCYCLOPAEDIA 

BRITANNICA i Sales people are amonq the high­ est paid in the world 
I I. Imm ediate openings 
2. We will train 
3 M u s t have car 
4. We work leads - appt basis 
For personal interview 

C o ll 732-21o5 
E X E C S A L E S 512,ooo+ E x p e r i lence is all you need tor this. Call 
Tom 349-3541 
S H A R P E Personnel Service 
6322 Sovereign Dr..Suite 14o 
1 Experienced S A L E S M A N in gen eroi m erchandising Housewares, 
; H a rd w are , school supplies,etc 
Som e travel. S a la ry p lu s c o m ­ m issio n C ontact Joe W a rre n , 
M a y 9,1o betw een 6 3o 9 3o, 
Rodeway Innc, 68o4 MW E x p re ss­ way, 734-7111 or send resum e to 
D a lla s H ousew ares 36oo Ex'c-cu- tive Blvd Mesquite- TX 75149 
Experienced Tire Salesm an and 
Experienced Shoe Dept M anager 
Excellent benefits, high starting 
POV Apply in person onlv 2643 NW 
Loop 
41o. 
Equal opportunity employer 
_________ 
E x p Food Salesm an- W holesale level Bilingual preferred, salary c o m m issio n + car a llo w an c e . 
Send resum e to Box 7386, 782o7 

EXTREMELY AHRACTIVE 
Sales lodv needed to call on b tsi ness executives M ust be per son able, well groom ed ond good clo sure. H igh com m issions, bonus ond g u a ra n te e d re sid u a ls E x penenced only M s Met?. 342 BIB3 

TMt N U M B S * TO C A U 
IS 225 1666 f XP«£SS ANO N fW S 

 field. Both must have experience and references Call 734-43o3 for appt Keller Carpets____________ 
Full time and part time sales per­ sons needed Apply in prson You 
Betcha Boots 439 M c C a rty Rd between M p m ____________________ 
F u ll-tim e S a le s C le rk 
E x p e r ­ ienced p re fe rre d 
P o ly g r a p h required Apply in person M o n ­ day, Charle s Pharm acy, 25oo N 
M ain 

 net profit P O Box 4o213, Houston, 
Tx 77o4o 
______________ 
H J. H E R B E C K R E A L T Y , INC. 
Needs full and port time agents to staff if s Dellview office For de- toils call H J Herbeck 349 1479 

 ty you are p ursuing a coreer in 
Real Estate and ore looking for on opportunity to grow with a young p ro g re ssiv e o rg a n iza tio n then call this num ber today for on on pointmen) 734-1334 G E C U Realty 
Corporation 
________________ 

I CAREER MINDED, AGGRESSIVE 
C 
Y O U N G MEN f 
For grow ing M arket D ealing with the problem s of 

^ energy. f 
H ove you sold Insurance'? Encyclopedias, cars, eh ? 
Then this ad could change your life f a s $ 5 o o $ 1 o o o per sale with se' week in home improvement, 
£ 
Call for confidential appointm ent 
N o inform ation given over the phone 

L 
A personal interview only r 
Ask for N ancy 
8 2 6 -9 6 8 3 

M ake as much several sales per 

* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 

DE AMIE OWENS 
COMPANY 

NEEDS y o u N OW ! 

Full time, licensed, and unlicensed 
Real 
Estate 
Sales People lots of floor 

 time, 
Company wide troiing. Great commission 

 schedule 
Super location 

 on Military Dr. Coll for con­ 

 fidential interview 
924-731 I 
45o S.W. Military Dr. 

DEARIE 
OWENS CO. 
RfAlTORS— MU 

S. Central QHice 

Terrific furniture showroom... 

In Today's 
Want Ads 

Turn to the Classified section and 

 check over the large selection of 

 good buys right now. 

Express/News 

Classified Ads 

AGENCY MANAGER 
Health & Life Insurance 

Grow with an expanding sales-minded rompany under efficient home of flee support ond outstanding compensation arrangement 

Compony operates on both Branch Office and General Agency systems in deferent oleos, 

Call Dallas, collect, to 
(2 1 4 )8 2 3 -6 6 1 2 
Jim Perry, Sr., A ge n cy Director 
AM ERICAN U N IO N 
LIFE INSURANCE CO. 

PHONE 
225-1666 

INSURANCE AGENCY 
E xce lle n t opportunity tor sale s assistant experienced rn rating preparing and servicing personal auto ho m e o w n e rs, etc. G ood salary, w orkin g conditions and benefits M r s Griffin or M r Ru ble al Ruble ond Assoc ■ 226 o333 
CAII 275 1666 

MALES OR FEMALES 
Telephone solicitors, guaranteed salary, plus weekly bonuses. 
734 2754 
_________________ __ 
M anager Trainee for Jewelry and 
Photo Sales, good w orking condi­ tions, base pay + com m ission 
M u st neat, aggressive. Apply in person, 2SSS SW Military, Jewelry 
, Dept. 

SPORTS 
MINDED! 
Sa le s O p p o rtu n ity 

Lorn 515,ooo 518,ooo first ytor 
National soles firm, seeking an outstanding person for the greater Son Antonio area. Ex­ cellent drow plus liberal com­ mission and semi annual bonus 
Profit shoring plus excellent benefit package 
Previous soles experience 
No evening sales 
(oil 
M r. Ch arle s D a v is 
(7 1 3 ) 6 6 5 -7 8 9 5 
Su n d a y I -6 P M a n d M o n d a y all d a y 

L O O K IN G FO R 
E X T R A IN C O M E ? 
Full or Part Time. Sell A dvertis­ ing Specialties, C a le n d a rs and 
Gifts to local businesses W eekly com m issio n s No investm ent or c o lle c tio n s 
O u r 68th y e a r of prompt, friendly service Rated 
A A A I 
W rite to John M c N e e r, 
Newton M ig Co , Dept I SOO, N ew ­ ton. iowa 

LOOK!! 

Need Immediately! 

Exp e rie n ce d 
Billin g / Title 
Clerk 

 a p p l y in p e r s o n V 

/ 1 9 o | ^ r e e d w a y 

A N C I R A W IN T O N 

REAL ESTATE SALES 

Wa ort accepting applications far our saon-to-opan Walzem 
Road Office. Extensive in-house training program. 
For con­ fidential interview call 
Nod 
Telshow at 494-7651 

 kasou r& kC h w . 

 bon A ntonio EXPRESS N E W S— Sunday May 8 1977 
6o8 SECRETARIAL 
6o8 SECRETARIAL 

SECRETARY TYPE S55o 
N S office needs SOwpm trom p, p lu sh office, a d v a n c e to full secretarial duties after I month of training 
Banner Personnel Service Inc 
8SOO Village Dr__________ 657 121? 

EXECUTIVE SECRETARY 
Rewording career loc the right well groomed, experienced peivon os 

Secretory for Vice President 
Must be able to construct rociespondome, 

 apply independent judgment, handle confidential m etiers nod provide 

 significant directions for own work th Good office skills 
* 6o wpm tvoina 
4 Excellent spelling and punctuation talents required with shorthand being a + for this position 
For interview ap p o in tm en t 
P lease call 
661-42o1 
DPD M ANUFACTURING CO. 
4 9 2 6 Space Center 
Cqual O p p ortu n ity Em ployer 

RNs & LVNs 

Revised Poy Schedule 

COMPARE OUR RATES! 

★ Davs and shifts of your choice 

WE NEED 
LICENSED 
AGENTS! 

 fxpondm g Reel Estate (om 

 pony offers unique potential 

 lot active and dynamic os 

 sociatex. interested in listing 

 and selling, prime residential 

 properties 
Confidential m 

 ter view 

Call BILL A SH 
69o-98o2 
I O R E A T mSffm a m e r i c a 
BBdfaea) ut ac r< m s 

M PERSONNEL AGENCIES 
* * ♦ « 
<Hi.*e un of San A ntonio, Inc. 
*— — « f„st Nmnnjl e.ink BW* 

S i n antonio, Ie .a s 782o1 
(512) 716 746 7 

P A R T IA L L IST IN G 
CONtROllfR............................................................ S28.ooo 
(PA Medium site hospital (urtent hospital experience People ocienfed 

 person needed Good m anagem ent skills. Supervise 4o 

LOAN Off KEIR........................................................ »° S2S.ooo for large bank Hove direct customer contact Min 4 yeors experience Must 

 know commercial lending 
DATA BASE PROGRAMMER ............................. S I 3,ooo $16,ooo 

Requires o good (OBOL background with strong insurance exp Will be 

 flam ed in UNIVAC data base 

SENIOR TECHNICAL A D V ISO R ....................................to $3o,ooo 
Technical support for mktg, reps 
Must be customer oriented and knowledgeable Experience: data bose system s (IMS, CRS, OMS) mini and 

 huge systems, distributed processing, data querry, m ulti terminals 

 transmission procedures. 
W e Protect C a n d id a te s C o n fid e n tia l Search. 
NO CONTRACTS— 
NEVER A FEE TO APPLICANT 
WOm.flSi (.AWO! St I I, ANC 'Al IV con I VIM. OVUM: NT SPECIALIST'* 

S E C R E T A R Y S64o 
Unlim ited a d vancem ent opp or tumtv, coll 
T e rn 
Todd today 
457 1123 
Snelling & Snelling Em ploym ent 
Service 82o7 Rough Rider________ 
Professional 
Sales 

IMMEDIATE OPENINGS 

Seeking legal secretary with ex­ p erience in litigation m atte rs 
Good fringe benefits, salary com ­ mensurate with exp. and ability. 
227 31o4__________________________ 
N ational corporation, m anufacturing lighting products for industrial and com m ercial ac counts, has openings for sales professionals in S A N A N T O N IO & 
S U R R O U N D IN G 
A 
RE A S 
M ust be non pressure, honest and sincere individuals look m g for then LAST JOB; must be qualified to open new accounts os well os upgrade es tabhshed users Repeat business, advancem ent for am bitious people 
Liberal training com pensotion, benefits 

U N IT E B 
P E R S O N N E L 
C O N SU L T A N T S 
JO BS G U A R A N T E E D 
924-4481 
______ 
★ Tull insurance coverage 
U N IT E D 
P E R S O N N E L 
C O N S U L T A N T S 
JO BS G U A R A N T E E D 
924 4481 
Exclusive instant pay 

W F PROTECT YOU 

WE CATER TO YOU 

WE NEED YOU 

Call or com e in to d a y 

Im m ediate need, d iversified du­ ties, fast typist, heavy dictaphone, fig u re ap titu d e , IO k e y , lite shorthand, 5 day, park free, good starting salary, and full benefits for perm anent applicant. Great 
W estern 225 2944 E g u a l O ooor tunity Em p loyer_________________ 

★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ 4 
J 
INDU STRIAL J 
J 
COUNTER 
* 
J 
SALES 
I 
J Selling Pipe, Valves, tools Drill ★ 
T Bits and (elated Industrial items, 

^ 
• E x p e iie n ce re q u ire d g. 

^ 
* H o u rly w o g e 
★ 

 j , 
• C o m m is sio n 
★ 

4 
• frin g e b e n e fits 
4 

4 
For o p p o in tm e n t call 
★ 

’ 
Elite Spenrath 
J 
J 223-18o1, ext. 477 
4 
4 
THE PERRY 
J 
J SH AN KLE CO. 4 
♦ 
(qual Opportunity Employer 
★ 

* ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ♦ 

MEDICAL 

PERSONNEL POOL 

1o19 N. Main Ave, 

It ■) 7 MEDICAL r * .• 
$ - PERSONNEL i 

P O O L / M l 
THESE P O S IT IO N S 

NEED TO BE FILLED 

IM M E D IA T E L Y 
TECHNICIANS 
CAU GENE WYATT 
(512) 342-4291 

Equal Opportunity Employe! M I 
ACCOUNTS 
PAYABLE 
BOOKKEEPER 

ENGINE OPERATORS • High School Graduate, preferable with auto mechanics training; mechanically inclined with automotive experience. Rotating shift work. 

For interview A p p o in tm en t 
Please Call Personnel Office 
6 8 4 -5 1 1 1 , e x t. 2 2 5 3 

SO U TH W EST RESEARCH INSTITUTE 
8SOO Culebra f q u a l O p p o rtu n ity Em ployer M ZF 

CALL TODAY 

9 2 4 -4 4 8 1 
JOBS 
' S A N T A ROSA MEDICAL CENTER I 
AN D VILLA RO SA ANNEX 

Have the following immediate vacancies: 

S A N T A R O S A 

ULTRA SOUND TECHNICIAN - M ust be registered X-Ray 

RESPIRATORY THERAPY TECHNICIAN 
CERTIFIED RESPIRATORY THERAPY TECHNICIAN 

RESPIRATORY THERAPY TECHNICIAN 2ND SHIFT 
SUPERVISOR • Must be registry eligible with written 

 exam completed. 

V I LL A R O S A A N N E X 

LICENSED PHYSICAL THERAPIST - Shift I 
EXPERIENCED MEDICAL TRANSCRIBER - Shift I 

DIRECTOR OF NURSING - Submit resume. 

Excellent working conditions and Fringe benefits 
A p p ly in P e rso n 

PERSONNEL OFFICE 
Santa Rosa - 519 W. Houston St., 228-2343 

Villa Rosa Annex - 5115 Medical Dr., 228-2634 

An Equ al O p p o rtu n ity E m p lo y e r 
. 

P H A R M A C E U T IC A L 
SALES 
I raieei ".oles positron is ovoiloble n Son Antonio promoting pmwiip 
•ion phmmoceufnal pioduits to th* mednul profession We me a grow 
■»q international Compony wonting 
■leople to giow with us Soles effort s piimnuly with physicians 
— secondarily with hospitals and drugstores We provide extensive training rn product knowledge, medico! terminology arid selling skills 
(ompeosqtion consists of S I? OOO bose snlory, generous bonus hosed an total performance, full expenses 
Compony cai, hospitalization life insurance and retirement program 
(allege degree not required. but nceferied 
Science coucses ace helpful, and successful stable employment experience is veiy im oortant We are un Equol Employ uenl Opportunity Company lf you wont o rewording coieei rn nhormoceutical soles, tell us about yourself by sviitmg to Box 4339 IX 
PRESS & NEWS, San Antonio, IX 
7829 7 
D O R SE Y L A B O R A T O R IE S 

4 
Personality 
J 
$5oo + ju 
Type 
SO and handle busy 
T phones 

6 
Clerk $45o-5475 

+ Type 4owpm Prefer 6 m o work 

4 " exp , some lite bkkpg 

4 Bookkeeper $65o 

9 Accounts receivable and 

★ payables and general ledger Ex 
♦ cedent benefits 

J Secretary $55o + jg, Type 6Qwpnt Work for top ex 

4 ecutive of natl co 
Must toke j hold and m ake decisions 

★ N O RT H SID E ★ 
Job duties involve the processing of all compony accounts payable and cosh dispersement transac­ tion, recording and verification of all invoices received ond typing of vouchers and other periodic reports. 

 lo tio n will require typing and use of IO key od ding machine, individual selected must have o general accounting background with 4 5 years oc counts payable experience and be familiar with the purchase order system 

This position offers excellent starting salary, stable employment and excellent benefits. In­ terested individuals should apply in person a* the employment office, Swearingen Aviation Corp., In­ ternational Airport, Son Antonio, TX. (come East of 
Bitters Rood past Blossom Athletic Center, turn right on NE entrance road.) 

4 
W A N T E D 

4 
EXPERIEN CED. PR O FE SSIO N A L 
* 
S A L E S M A N 

T looking for a Position With a 
* Highly Successful and Proven 
J Safes learn 

^ 
C o n to rt 
4 
Kerry Anderson 
* 
CHRYSLER PLYMOUTH 
J 
CITY 
J 
684 661o 

* • ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ * 

 telephone clerk need 5 In­ side sales will train Front desk recept Trainees need 
3 Airport clerk. 

★ CENTRAL ★ 

Beginner Secretary 
$ 4 5 o * 

Full chg bkkpr $ 7 o o + fee pd 

Assist bkkpr S 5 o o + 

Telephone recept 

SERVICE MANAGER 

For wholesale a p p lia n t 

 distributor 
Must hove 

 terhnkul experience on all 

 mojor appliances, including 

 built rn ranges, and 

 dishwashers 
Must be ex 

 peiienced supervisor with 

 ability to handle paper wack 

 and details 

Call Seth Newberger 
CENTRAL 
DISTRIBUTING CO. 
22 5-1 541 

We need 2 licensed Real Estates 
Aqents O ur m any benefits con out you on lop 
Call Terry at 
734 4424 
D E A N I E O W E N S CO. 
J E F F E R S O N O F F IC E _____ 

A positive proqiessive Reid f state compony is lookmq (or agents who desire manage meat who will bark them up th training and personal at ituition 
Licensed or we will sponsor for breme 

! leak M a s t e r w employmcnt soviet 
★ 4454 Ctni«i>i«w Of M I VAIS 
★ SO U TH SIDE ★ 

Bilingual secretary 

Recept -will train 

Stock Clerk 

Sales 

M echanics need 2 

Route sales food Yound com pony bas opening tor aggressive sales person. Excellent products ond d istrib u tio n Send re su m e and salary requirem ent to P O Box 
1/844. San Antonio, 78217._________ 
Call LOREN STINER 

696-992o 
HOHENBERGER. 
COLLINS CO. 

TYPIST 
6 5 W P M 

H O U R S: I p.m . to IO p.m. 

W E D TH R U FRI 

2 p.m . til w o r k c o m p le te d 

SAT. & SU N 

OFF— MON. AND TUES. 

APPLY IN PERSON 

PERSONNEL OFFICE 
EXPRESS NEWS CORP. 

Ave. E & Third 
{qual Opportunity employer 

Sa le s, d e g re e or co lle g e , for mkgg. co 51o.2oo plus comm, fee neqoo 
Century Placem ent Service 
153 W Century Bldg 349 1373 
54oo 58oo S A L E S fo r c a re e r m in d e d -re w a rd in g fie ld Lee 
732 2191, 25o1 W est Ave. Jo b s 
North inc Personnel Consultants. 

,YV« A t Ii 
C ' l »> ?F * C >#■++$ TIC 
UNITED 
PERSONNEL 
CONSULTANTS 
666 SW Military Dr. 

Across from S.S. Sears 

MEDICAL 

EMPLOYM ENT COUNSELORS (2), M-F, MED. PERSONNEL EXP., 
EXC. POTENTIAL 
M .A./PHO EXP. PSYCHOLOGIST FOR SENSORY EVAl. RELOCATE, 
FEES PD 
EXP. RN CLINIC. DAYS. M -F 
IV N CLINIC COORDINATOR. $72oo ♦ 
MED. CLINIC RECEPT., 3o wpm, $ 6ooo * 
OTHER EXCELLENT HEALTH RELATED PO SITIO N S AVAILABLE - 
EVERYWHERE 

EXPERIENCED 
RETAILERS 
SALES 
TRAINEES 
Immediate openings for mature salespersons to sell quality jewelry in 
Caribe 
Diamond 
Salons Previous experience in jew,>liy sales desirable hominy suloiy will be $375 monthly 

C A IL 
6 5 4 -1 871 
For A p p o in tm e n t 

Sharp individual with background in solid state electronics to ser vice medical equip Knowledge of 
E K G . m onitoring equip and re spirafor helpful For more details coll 22S 72o1 from B S doily 
FIRST FEDERAL SAVINGS AND 
LOAN ASSOCIATION 

8 o o N a v a r r o 
BRANCH TELLER 

Have you had experience in cor sales, cookware or book sales? I need sales m an age rs ond sales people 51,ooo a week com m ission 
Will train 
Coll 
M r 
Move 
512 796 8831 
_____________ _ 

We hove openings lot ladies ready to ween, ladies sportswear oi childrens went dept managers 
We prefer ex peiienee, but will train iii our systems on appliant tho! has related retail expeiience 

 lf you ore currently an assistant dept manager or a head ol slock we want to talk to you 
Some supervision of female fli­ ting rooms t “guiled 

* FRIE HOSPITALISATION 

* GOOD SALARY 

* $ DAY W U K 
A p p ly 

W onted e x p e rie n ce IB M Com poser operator, and paste up A r fist, port or full time 824-9669 
S A L E S M A N A G E R W A N T E D 
To head aggressive Real Estote firm M ust be experienced iii all phases of residential real estate 
P r e v io u s m a n a g e m e n t not re q u ire d but p re fe rre d M a n ­ a g e r s fee p lu s L U C R A T IV E 
P R O F IT S H A R IN G P R O G R A M 
Call today ask for Joe Etheridge 
R E D LO IN R E A L E S T A T E 
________656 7127 
_______ 

/ BENEFITS \ 

/ 
P 
L U 
S 
\ i Horrell is looking for qualified peo- 

( pie with the following skills 
TYPISTS 
STENOS 
DICTAPHONE 
GEN. OFFICE 
1o-KEY 
PBX 

One year clerical experience will 

 qualify you for exciting temporary assignm ents plus such benefits os; 

V A C A T IO N P A Y 
IN ST A N T P A Y 
REFERRAL B O N U S 

Coll H elen o f 8 2 8 - 2 5 o 6 fo r o n a p p o in tm e n t. 

— 
N O FEE EVER — 

 t e m p o r a r y 

 i i m t c rt t y * , o r c . 
IWO Ma LOOP 41o US-2544 
) 

• 6 months minimum teller experience 
• Northside area office 
• Type 35 wpm 
• Adding machine 
• Calculator 
• Outgoing personality 
• Neat in oppeorance 

R E L IA B L E R E S U M E S 
W R IT T E N R E A S O N A B L Y 
E c o n O R e s o u rc e s. 42o4 G a r dundolu, <599 1o1S________________ 

Sales people Outside (6 ) draw + com m ission. O ur people m ake 
I2-3oK Apply M ay 5,6.7, 9 ond IO 
M a y 6,7.9,1o ond ll. Apt SJ-La 
Piped Apts_______________________ 

8 4 N E. LO O P 4 1 o - ( 5 1 2 ) 3 4 9 -4 3 1 3 
S A N A N T O N IO , TEXAS 7 8 2 1 6 
• Long ond short term 
• G o o d Locations 
• Regular Raises 
• Paid V acations 

Se c re tarie s 
Typists 
C le rk s 
Sta t Typists 
Ste n o s 
M a g C ard 
NOT AN AGENCY-NEVER A FEE 

EXPERIENCED 
SALESM AN fashionable m ens clothing 
'lo re located in North Stat 

Mall is looking for a sales 

 oriented individual desiring r, lucrative soles position 
This is un excellent op 

 poituntly foi the person who is pursuing a secure 

 future in o store that is in 

(reusing its volum e every m onth Contort 
Mr. Klein 
3 4 9 -6 4 6 4 

4* 
FULL CHARGE 
4 
J 
BOOKKEEPER 
* 

T Immediate opening for coieei J 

? minded person with 2 years ex 
J 
J nerience, qenerol accounting and + 

? exposure to financial statements. + 

Y Challenging position, competitive, + 
J 
--alary and all com pony benefits. 
★ 
Great State Finance Co. ? 
♦ 
925 Son Pedro 
4 
J 
225-3181 
J 

★ ★ ilr ★ ★ -A ★ it Ar ★ ★ 4 ★ ★ 

M O R T G A G E LOAN CLERK TYPIST 

LERNER SHOPS 
Local m oving ond storage co m ­ pany has opening for am bitious sales person. U nlim ited oppor- tunity 333-333o___________________ 

• One year mortgage loan or financial background 
• Type 5o wpm 
• Adding machine 

• Calculator 

COMMERCIAL CASUALTY 

INSURANCE RATER 

Minimum 
I yrs. expe­ rience. 
Local branch of national company. 

Call Mr. Heginbotham 

349-4221 

 equal opportunity employer 

P e r m a n e n t e m p lo y m e n t tor dependable accurate keypunch o p e ra to r. So m e e x p e rie n c e re q u ire d . 4o hour week, good co m p a n y benefits. A pply M on- 
F ri. 3am -4pm at 114 Cam p St 
Equol opportunity employer M F 

Mr. Prezlicki 

W in d so r P o rk M a ll 6 5 4 -o 1 1 O 

 e q u a l o p p o r t u n it y e m p lo y e r 
Sa le s o re good. I need 2 or 3 licensed salespeople for new of lice to se rvice Horlandale. B e l­ laire ond other a re a s Coll tor more information, 924-4253 

CALL OR COME IN 
K E Y P U N C H O P E R A T O R M u st have m inim um 6 m onths exp e r­ ience in Keypunch Good salary and e x c e lle n t benefits. A p p ly 
B e x a r County Hospital D istrict 
Personnel Office 45o2 Medical Or, 
Sa n A n ton io 696-3o3o E xt 221. 
Equal opportunity employer 

INSURANCE PROCESSOR LOAN SERVICING 
Kelly Girl 
• I year insurance experience 
• Must be able to compose insurance correspondence 
• Good numerical ability 

• Adding machine 
• Calculator 

Applications accepted 9 am-3 pm daily 
An Equol Opportunity Employer 
J 

SUN ELECTRIC CORP 
CAREER OPPORTUNITY 

D iss a tis fie d w ith E a rn in g s ? 

SUN 
ELECTRIC 
CORP. w orlds largest manufacturer of automotive testing equipment 

 bus opened a new regional office 

 in San Antonio lf you hove a working 

 knowledge of the automobile servite industry o1 related sales, 

 we would like to arrange an in 

 lervidw with you 
We have an opening in the 

Im edo. Del Rio, Uvalde arca fo r m o re in fo rm a tio n 

 lo ll or w rite Ed K o e n ig 
SUN ELECTRIC CORP 
431 Isom Rd., Suite 129 
San Antonio, TX 78216 
(512)341-3149 

D a y s ofter 5 pm , 

($ 1 2 ) 6 6 1 -2 4 9 3 

Century 21 
A D IV ISIO N OF KELLY SERVICES 
4 6 o 6 C e n te rvie w Dr. 
Su ite 154 
7 3 6 -2 4 5 5 
Equal Opportunitv Employer 

W A K E F IE L D R E A L T O R S 
2 K e y p u n ch operators needed, m u st be experienced ond fast, salary SSOO plus, free hospitaliza­ tion, ond parking. 8 to 4.3o, 5 da vs. 
A.l. Root Co. 223-294o.________ •__ 

FULL CHARGE 
BOOKKEEPER 
• Accounts receivable 
• Accounts payable 
• Payroll 
• G eneral ledger 

Salary commensurate with abd 
■ty 
Southwest S A location. All 

 com pany benefits 

 lasso Western Wear 

6623 S. Zarzamoro e q u a l o p p o r t u n it y e m p lo y e r 

T E L E P H O N E S A L E S P E R S O N S 
Wanted Experienced, top notch. 
$12S-S17S week plus bonuses. Soft selling 684 4488___________________ 
T E L E P H O N E S A L E S 52 SO per hour plus bonus, day and evening shuts in our northside ottice, M r 
White 344-9414.___________________ 

INDUSTRIAL 
PORTABLE 
ELECTRIC TOOL 
SALES REP 
S a la ry p lu s car a n d 

 e x p e n se s. Sen d re su m e to: 
IN D U STRIAL PO W ER 
TOOL 
SALES M A N A G E R 
P.O. B o * 4 7 7 6 7 
Dallas, TX 7 8 2 4 7 

Equol O p p o rtu n ity E m p lo ye r 

4 
ENTRY 
J 
LEVEL 
J 
OPENING 

4 
• Must be experienced with a IO- 

4 fey 
J 
Call 
* 
226-o1o1 
+ Personnel Deportment 
* for appointment 

★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ 

A P A R . lite invoicing, good gen­ eral office, exciting media com ­ pany, good with figures 
Banner Personnel Service Inc 
7o82 Son Pedro_________ 824-9441 t 
FEE P A ID 
* 
J General Office $55o + * 

Type 
SOwpm. Will be w orking T 

★ with sales dept executive of large J 

★ nat l co. Must be outgoing ond 4 

+ handle responsibility. All benefits, j^. 
+ 
4 
+ 
Executive Secty $7oo 

J Personnel secretary for large co ★ 

7 M ust have previous exp. Type and ★ 

7 steno at 
7owpm 
Excellent ★ 

 w. benefits and raises 
+ 

★ 
4 it 
Payroll S 6 5 o + 
*• 

★ Excellent payroll background + 

★ needed for this large co. Will be 7 

+ on computer, but will train Must ^ 

+ be able to supervise. 
^ 

★ le a k M a al cs ra^ 
★ lAXklOYMIHT SltVICi 
4 , M 
S I C x fttx rv itw Or. 7 Z 3 -9 6 1 6 
★ 

Top sa la ry 4- co m m issio n , average 52oo wk, exp or we'll tram, call from m y Southside office, M r Green. 
ACCOUNTING CLERK 
SECRETARIES/ 

TYPISTS 

BOOKKEEPERS 

Answ er phone, lite type. This fine 
N S co. will train in all office procedures 
Banner Personnel Service Inc 
85oo Village Dr__________657-1212 

One to 
Five years experience basic bookkeeping 

 knowledge, good typist, IO key, good high school grades re­ 

 quired, salary S5oo to S65o depending on experience. 

Do not telephone 
Send resume before interview to 
CLARKE PRINTING COMPANY 
P.O. BO X 46o 
San Antonio, TX 78292 

We need top performers for tem- 

 perary work all around the town 
Good pay for good skills ond a 

 benefit package 
See how a 

 steady flow of short term a ssign­ 

 m ents fits your lifestyle. Apply 

 today 

A D J U S T E R T R A IN E E 
Capable of dealing with people, 
S84oo Fear Call Biti 349-3541 
S H A R P E Personnel Service 
6322 Sovereign D r .Suite 14o 
A D M IN IS T R A T IV E A S S IS T A N T , 
Payroll accounting, double-entrv bookkeeping, m onthly reports, receptionist, secretraial duties. 
Exoffender Placem ent Services, 
3o1 B ro a d w a y , S u ite No. 4, 
224 4263, 782o5____________________ 

O F F IC E H E L P Type SOWPM, IO key adding machine, General of­ fice duties. W illing to train on computer. Local C P A tirm. Call for appointment 349-5465_________ 

T E L E P H O N E SA LE S , will train start today 349 4847, 349 4397 
DATA PROCESSING 
] 7 
MANAGER 

Combination D P M anage', 
# 

 system s 
Analyst Program- 

'm e r for wholesale distrr 
• 

 hutor On-line system s ex penence required 
Palo 

 share and RPG ll languages necessary 
Salary com- 

 f p l mensurate with experience 
• 

 and ability 
Coll 222-821o ga f°r appointment 

P B X O P E R A T O R S 52.3o to St s e v e r a l s h ifts, open. R o s ie 
732-2191, 25o1 W est Ave. Jo b s 
North Inc. Personnel Consultants 

N eed 2 e x p e rie n c e d c lo se rs . 
P ro ve n m arke t, h igh c o m m is ­ sions, no out of pocket expenses, leads lurm sed 
A C C O U N T S 
R ECEIVA BLE 
* Experience and trans­ portation necessary 

Apply in Person 
CANYON CREEK 
COUNTRY CLUB 
1791o Blanco 
Ask for Mrs. Neimon 

M A N P O W ER 
P E R S O N A L IT Y 
+ F + 
A + CO 
Needs your office skills now. $456 Lynn 828-6494 
N E W D A Y P E R S O N N E L 
Consultants 9o1 N E Loop 41o 

NATIONAL 
CORPORATION 

Seeking sales person with drive and 

 initiative, a sell starter, and able to 

 effectively organize their time lf 

 vau me looking for a career and not 

 a J O B we would like to discuss 

 vow opportunity with our firm full 

 hom ing progrum. bose income up to 

M ?Q o per month and fringe benefit 

 progiam provided for confidential 

 interview tall George X Wilcox, )r 
Between 8:3o and 12 Noon 
Mon., Tues., ond Wed. 
(512) 735-47o7 

TEM PO RARY SERVICES 
B O O K K E E P E R S8oo 
Correctly independent is the key ! here. Call Carol, 684-868o 
Finnev& Associates Personnel 
Consultants S835 Callaghan No325 j 

63o Broadway 
224-9251 

Equal Opportunity Employer 

Earn up to S2oo to $3oo a week to start. Experience preferred but will train people with sales poten­ tial. Leads furnished Call 732-1139 
An equol opportunity com pany 
★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ 
* 
NO FEE 
J 
I 
TEMPORARY 
I 
★ 
* 
^.W ith sum m er vocation Fast ap- ^ 

4 m ooching, try w orking temporary ij. 

★ and earn extra cash for vacation ★ 

★ time. You can work on short or 7 

+ long term assignm ents at a high J 

7 hourly rate of poy 
7 
★TYPISTS 
STENOS ★ 
★ 1o-KEY 
KEYPUNCH ★ 
+ 
MCST/MTST 
* w. 
★ 
7 leak Maalera> 
EMPLOYMENT SCIVICf 
+ j^4438 C«nt«rvittw D< 732-9616 

★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ 

With Reat Estate License, for NW office. S a la ry plus bonus. H rs. negotiable. Call Terry at 736-4426. 
D E A N I E O W E N S C O 
J E P F E RSO N jO F F IC E 

SALES OPPORTUNITY 

We are looking for people in ­ 

 terested in pursuing a career in 

HEAL ESTATE 
We offer on ex 

 cclh-nt com mission schedule, plus 

 extensive com pony wide training. 

'.all for on interview. 
■ r a a r f t l 
3 4 4 - 6 2 o 7 
W jfiM 
DEANIE 
K SM OWENS co. 

 n . WEST OFC.' 

SECRETARY/ 
RECEPTIONIST 

We offer an excellent 

 solory to an energetic in­ 

 dividual with a pleasing 

 telephone voice to join our com pany as secretory- 

 receptionist. The individual filling this position must be 

 an accomplished statistical 

 typist, ond skilled in the 

 use of dictating equipment. 

 lf you are an unflappable 

 person, with the organiza­ 

 tional ability to produre top quality work under con­ 

 stant pressure, please call 69o-1 ISO, 

 or send resume, 

 including salary history, to: Texana industries Inc. 
42o4 Gardendale, 
Suite 3oS 
San Antonio, Tex. 78229 

 tor the professional com m ission 
Phone salesm an (not solicitor). 
Proven n a n m arket, leads fur- mshed 736-3123__________________ 

E X P E R IE N C E D 
P O L IC Y W R IT E R 
Auto and fire plus genera! office. 
Permanent position 226-6246 

A C C O U N T IN G C L E R K S47S + 
Compony will train eager person, coft Carol Crisp, 657-1123 
Snelling & Snelling Em ploym ent 
Service 82o3 Rough Rider 
_____ 

R E C E P T I O N I S T 
Experienced very helpful 
Apply Boyd Newby 
Newbv s Hair Styling 4o1 Isom Rd 
Suite 31o 349-2272 
We now have o p e n in gs for full time em ployees in our sales ad­ v e r tis in g dept. G o o d h o u rs, p ro m o tio n s, w ill fro m . C a ll 
828 3433 (Rom 12 noon)___________ 

Exp e rie n ce d fire and casualty insurance secretary Policy rat­ ing and typing of policies neces­ sary. Salary based on auolifica- tions 4- other agency benefits. 
924-4276 
_________________ 

A D M IN S E C R E T A R Y T R A IN E E 
$45o 
Lite typing, willing to learn, great career. Murvelle 349-3541 
S H A R P E Personnel Service 
6322 Sovereign D r ,Suite 14o 

R E C E P T IO N IS T 5 days, 52.3o per hour, 827 W Hildebrand 732-o761 
R E C E P T IO N IS T $525 
Great opportunity work with 
VIP, call T ern Todd, 657-1123 
Snelling & Snelting Em ploym ent 
Service 82o3 Rough Rider 

FC B O O K K E E P E R , F E E PD ! 
57oo. Super spot. Pard benefits. 
Call M alva Black, 657-1123 
Snelling & Snelling Em ploym ent 
Service 82o3 Rough Rider________ 
SELLIN G 
INDUSTRIAL PRODUCTS 
TO INDUSTRY 

Hand ond electric tools, machine shop expendobles, nom! and hoisting equipment 
* Traveling Required 
* Prior experience necessary k * Salary 
* Commission 
* fringe benefits 
For appointment call 
Ellie Spenrath 
223-18o1, ext. 477 
THE PERRY 
SH A N K L E CO. 

Equal Opportunity Employer 

Sales position available. E x p e r­ ience preferred. Coll 224-95/8 or 
224 4611 tor oppointm ent_________ 

R ecep tionist-Secretory for con­ struction company, vicinity Coop 
16o4 and (HIO Coll M r. R iv e rs 
492-1o57 tor appt._________________ 

Meet and greet people, fun lob for outgoing person, uniform s furnished 
Banner Personnel Service Inc 
7o82 San Pedro 
824-9441 

C P A firm needs 2 young CPAs. 35 hour week • ll months, 45 hour week - I month Fringe benefits, parking etc. 516,ooo up. Call M rs- 
Tumlinson 222-o291_______________ 

Mature salesm an for m ens cloth m g store Too salary, benefits. 
684 795o. 657 oo22_________________ 
Need licensed agents, all fields real estate Newly remodeled of­ fice 
Established business location. 
MAC R E A L E S T A T E 828-2521 
N EW C E N T U R Y 21 O F F IC E 
Greatest opportunity in this area for the motivated, sucessful, reol estate a sso ciate . P rim e N orth 
C entral location and a unique com m ission plan that starts vou at up to S5°o com m ission Not the usual 5o°c or 6o°“. total support program and all the advantages of Century 21 m arketing, learn more call 8oyce Kendall for con- lidentiol interview 494-1951_______ 

R e se rv a tio n s in a irp o rt, w ork with the public, lite type, uniform s furnished 
Banner Personnel Service inc 
85oo Village Dr__________ 6S7-I212 

Full charge Bookkeeper capable of m aintaining books of original entry and general ledger. Plea­ sant N orthside location, sala ry com m ensurate with experience and ability. Respond in your own handwriting and include earnings history. R eply to E x p re s s ond 
News Box No. 4375, 78297 

$435 R E C E P T IO N IS T lite oft. s k ills -a n s phone-benefits. Lee 
732-2191, 25o1 W est Ave Jo b s 
North Inc. Personnel Consultants 
A Very Special Service 
New D ay Personnel Consultants 
9o1 N E Loop 41o- 828-6494 
E x c itin g ch a lle n g e for e x p e r­ ienced resident m anager Large apt com m unity with outstanding om m enity p a ckage needs exp. pro fe ssio n al Back-up and su p ­ port provided. Send resum e to 
R E IS PO Box 32668 San Antonio 
78286_____________________________ 

Soles position available. E x p e r­ ience preferred Coll 224-9578 or 
224-4611 for appointment._________ 
FULL CHARGE 
BOOKKEEPER 

Pleasant personality and voice, light type, S day, Great Western, 
225-2966. 
Equal 
Opportunity 
Em ployer._______________________ 

2x2 D E P A R T M E N T S T O R E & 
O F F I C E ________________________ 
Clerks, tellers, beginner se cre ­ tary. Joyce Best 923-4368 Job s 
South Placement Service 413 SW 
M ilitary 
____ 

A D M I N I S T R A T I V E 
S E C R E 
T ARY, good typing, knowledge of bookkeeping, filing, neat in a p ­ pearance, ability to relate to peo­ ple, good fringe benefits. 5552 a month. C all Drug Abuse Central, 
225-4o66. 

E X E C U T IV E D IR E C T O R , Alam o 
Area! Big Brothers ond Sisters, salary range 5)3.ooo, mail resum e immediately. 
1o2 
Gatewood, 
782o9________ 
_________________ 

Exceptional coieer-nim ded person 

 being sought foi position with lull 

 range of bookkeeping-office 

 m anagem ent responsibilities. Must hove 2 years experience in general 

 accounting and exposure to finon 

 cial statements. Excellent working conditions, competitive salary, and no down town traffic. 

Send resume to: 

TIMBER TECH INC. 
P.O. Box 57, Highway 78 

Cibolo, Texas 781o8 

R E C P T . B K K P R 56oo 
Fascinating-! mports-bilinguai type. Call Carol 684-868o 
Finney&Associates Personnel 
C onsultants 5835 Coltoghan No32S 
R E C P T $55o ST A R T 
Meet, greet, type, talk 
Benefits. Call Kathy 684-868o 
Finnev&Associates Personnel 
C onsultants 5835 Callaghan NQ32S 
S A L E S R E C P T 545o 
Personality, math ability, good raises. Call Ethel 349-3541 
S H A R P E Personnel Service 
6322 Sovereign Dr..Suite 14o 
S e c re ta ry Recept. M u st h a ve good typing and dictaphone skills. 
M o n d a y - F r id a y 8-5, ll p a id holidays, and other benefits, near 
Sac. Call 733-9135.________________ 
$1oo W K F R O N T G IR L Gen. off exc. co. bene, lite type. Lee 
732-2191, 25o1 W est Ave J o b s 
North inc Personnel Consultants. 

Farm ers Insurance Group offers complete training p ro gram and oil types of insurance. Continue present (ob while starting your own agency on part time basis. 
Training and supplies furnished. 
For a confidential interview, con­ tact S a le s M a n a g e r , 
J e r r y 
M cDougald bv calling 824-7573. 

Teller trainee .................... $465 
Teller ............................... $55o 
Receptionist ..................... 55oo 
New Accounts ............................$475 
Executive Secretary .......... $7oo 
Keypunch ..........................$5oo 
Banner Personnel Service 
7o82 San Pedro 
828-9441 
Bonner Personnel Service Inc 
B K K P : Computer system s benefits ........................... 575o 
O R S Ole No type 
North ................................ $475 
C R E D IT U N IO N : Gen. Ofc 
Sin. Otc ............. $525 
M A N Y O T H E R O P E N IN G S 
B E L L E M P L O Y M E N T A G E N C Y 
46oo B R O A D W A Y 
824-/485 

F E E P A ID 
Mature person, Local, very heavy accts pay. sis $19,6oo 
Century Placement Service 
153 W Century Bldg 349 1373 

Full Charge Bookkeeper 
Perm anent position, im m ediate opening, established retail firm. 
S a la r y $ 9 o o + d e p e n d in g on qualifications. C hallenging posi­ tion, attractive fringes. M an u al an d co m p u te r e x p e rie n c e d e ­ sired. M ail written resum e lo PO 
Box 17467 S A 78212 Prelim inary applications and testing m ay be obtained at 21o9 Son Pedro_______ 

A D M IN IS T R A T IV E A S S IS T $7oo 
G ood ca re e r, g re a t co m p an y, northside. Call Ethel 349-3541 
S H A R P E Personnel Service 
6322 Sovereign Or,Suite 14o 
A D M IN IS T R A T IV E 
S E C R E T A R Y for secretarial and admin, duties in personnel dept. Typing 7oW PM, shorthand 8oW PM , 5 yrs exper­ ience 
A p p ly in p e rso n B e x a r 
C ounty M H M R C e n te r 6 )t N. 
Flores. Equal opportunity affir- motive action employer__________ 

F E E PB -Piush N-side com pany 
S P E A R S Personnel Service 
2oJ Jackson-Keiler_______828-1292 
Part lime soles days. lf vou live in the W indcresf Cam elot area are p e rs o n a b le , w ell s p o k e n a n d would like to be a sales person in a unique store, call M r Johnson, 
654 o/tl Ideal tor semi retired 

L E G A L 
S E C R E T A R Y 

M inim um experience 2 years 

 on IBM M ag ll (or) equivalent. 

For m edium size general prac­ 

 tice ficm 
S a la ry ' 
(with benefits) commensurate with 

 ability and experience 
Downtown location. 
Submit 

 resume to: 
OFFICE M A N A G E R 
I SOO N S C B U IL D IN G 

Sa n A n to n io , TX 7 8 2 o 5 

 tor dependable accurate typist 
(min. SOwpm) lite bookkeeping and tiling experience helpful but not essential. 4o hour week, good com pany benefits. Call M r H ar­ rison 223-62o3 tor appt Equal op- portunity employer M F 

IMMEDIATE 
OPENINGS 

Far qualified sales people, 

 bookm en, pots ond puns, 

 cutlery, etc 
Good door-to door people tan m ake S35 $4o,ooo first year 

Cal! Danny McCormick 

349-4398 for appt. 

 com m ission to start, calling on our cu stom ers C ar n e c e ssary 
Must be neat and clean cut 
494 5812________________________________ 
General office and lite bookkeep­ ing, 1o-kev bv touch, prefer 1 yr experience. Goo benefits, salary 

225-3341__________________________ 

G E N E R A L O F F IC E $516 
Little experience, willing lo learn. 
Coll Am ye 349-3541 
S H A R P E Personnel Service 
6322 Sovereign Or..Suite 14o 
G e n e ra l o ffice w o rk w ith bookkeeping experience, apply at 
Medi-Central 7526 Louis Pasteur 
Dr. 

A D M IN . S E C R E T A R Y $75o 
Prestigious position. Fee nego. Call Lynn 828-6494 
N EW D A Y P E R S O N N E L 
Consultants 9ot N E Loop 4)o 
B O O K K E E P E R OR A S S IS T A N T 
Good pay for qualified person, p le a sa n t w o rk in g c o n d itio n s, re fe re n ce s re q u ire d , a p p ly in 
Person, 4719 Blanco Rd, Bowler- am a Lanes. 

Galbransen Spinet Piano Perfect 
Best Otter 736 1334________ 
Help needed for outside collection work Top com missions. 434-5557 
Friendly, sm all bank needs full c h a rg e b k k p r to head dept, supervisory exp. helpful 
Banner Personnel Service Inc 
7o82 Son Pedro 
_____ 824-9441 

JR Accountant positron avail, with young and aggressive C P A tirm. 
Send complete resum e including college tra n sc rip t to E x p re s s - 
News Box 4418 S A 78297________ 

M G R T R A IN E E S 555o lite work exp helps-benetits Lee 732-2191, 
25o) West Ave. Jobs North Inc. 
Personnel Consultants. 

L E G A L S E C R E T A R Y , with M ag 
Card ll experience. 226-6291 
C H A R T I N T E G R A T O R 
O P E R A T O R 
Independent g a s m e a su re m e n t co m p an y d e sire s e x p e rie n c e d 
C H A R T IN T E G R A T O R O P E R A ­ 
TO R for new local office. Chart computation and co-etficient cal­ culation experience necessary. 
F u rn ish com plete re su m e and references to E X P R E S S - N E W S 
BO X 7793, San Antonio, Tx 78297 
All replies held rn strictest confidence. 

E N J O Y B O O K K E E P IN G 
Plus office. Fee Pd. $6oo 
Call Lynn 828-6494 
N EW D A Y P E R S O N N E L 
Consultants 9o1 N E Loop 41o 

Downtown law office, experience preferred, salary com m ensurate with previous experience, train­ ing and ability, typing profiencv required. 75 W P M minimum with accuracy, parking provided. For more infor and interview call Mr. 
Levey at 226-1463________________ 

E N T E R F IN A N C IA L W O R LD 
Great N S. office $7oo 
Call Lynn 828-6494 
N E W O A Y P E R S O N N E L 
Consultants 9o1 N E Loop 41o 

Learn retail, wholesale and gen­ eral m gm t with m ajor nat’l co. 
E n try level, fast prom otion to good money 
Banner Personnel Service Inc 
85oo Village Dr__________657 1212 

LO A N S E C R E T A R Y $65o 
Northside, great compony, super boss Call M urvelle 349-3541 
S H A R P E Personnel Service 
6322 Sovereign Dr.,Suite 14o 

$4oo C L E R IC A L T R A IN E E S VOU can start your career now. Cindy 
732-2191, 25o) W est Ave. Jo b s 
North Inc. Personnel Consultants. 

E X E C S E C R E T A R Y 
Petroleum exp. Fee Pd. $7oo 
Call Lynn 828-6494 
N E W D A Y P E R S O N N E L 
Consultants 9o1 N E Loop 41o 

Work rn office part time, learn to operate com p u te r, telephon e, varied duties as you learn 
Banner Personnel Service Inc 
7o82 San Pedro 
___ 824-9441 

O F F M G R F E E R E IM B 
Are vou serious minded, want to stay? Call Kathy 684 868o 
Finnev&Associates Personnel 
Consultants 5835 Callaghan No32S 

C O L L E C T IO N S and G E N E R A L 
O F F IC E . Apply in Person at 425 
N Main, Ask tor Cecilia. 
E X E C S E C Y $75o 
Plush office! Exciting people! 
Call Gwen 828-6494 
N E W O A Y P E R S O N N E L 
Consultants 9o1 N E Loop 41o 

Computer Managem ent trainee, 
Degree ............................ $966o 
Finance Managem ent Trainee,To 
$7oo 
Executive secretary, 5 day, good benefits 
............................ $7oo 
Dictaphone, $ day, bonus . . $6oo 
Typist, 5dav, bonus 
........... *525 
Typist, to key adding machine, 5 day, South ............... 
$517 
Beginner Typist, 5 day, 
____ $45o 
Accounting Clerk, 5 day, .. .5525 
General Bookkeeper, 5 day 
$55o 
B a n k e rs Em p loym ent Service, 
87oo d ownhill. 828-6123 
; 

E xceptron ol Recept rom st Se cre ­ tary with 3 yrs. experience, need­ ed for So le s P la ce m e n t F irm . 
Must be personable, meet people easily ond po sse ss good typing skills, at least 65 wpm. You will be required to handle general corre­ spondence, phones and lite book keeping. Should be able to work well under presure. 5 day week, no fee, starting salary $6oo+. Call 
June Lewis & Assoc. 828-9o69 

S U P E R V IS IO N 
M anage office for $1,2oo+ 
Call Rick 828-6494 
N E W D A Y P E R S O N N E L 
Consultants 9o1 N E Loop 41o 
M anager Trainee for Jew elry and 
Photo Sales, good working condi­ tions, bose pay + com m ission 
M ust be neot, aggressive Apply in p e rso n , 2555 SW M ilit a r y , 
Jewelry Dept. 
M A N A G E R T R A IN E E 
Radio Shack Has opening for col lege g r a d u a t e s in sto re m an agement training program 
732-3612. ______________ ____ _ 

THC A C T IO N N U M B E R 
E O S EAST PE S U IT S 
PEACE T O U S W A N T A D 
IN TNE E X P R E S S N E W S 
C A II 2 2 S 1 6 6 6 

L e g a l s e c re ta ry , sh o rth a n d required, sala ry com m ensurate with skills ond ability. 225-6586. 

IN THE E X P R E S S N E W S 
C A LL 2 2 S - 1 6 6 6 

IXPR ESS-NEWS BOHUS ADS 
Alines $ 
TEXAS SIZE SAVINGS. . . IO days r 

NO N COMMERCIAL! 
CANCELLABLE 
W IT H O U T 

RATE C H A N G E 
2 
2 
5 
- 1 6 
6 
6 
QUICK RESULTS! 

61? • MEDICAL 
.61?-MEDICAL 
614 SKILLS TRADES 

RN’S-IVNS 

ARE Y O U READY 
TO JOIN THE FASTEST 
G R O W IN G NURSING 
SERVICE 
IN SAN A N T O N IO ? ? 

* Highest Rotes In Town 

* Doily Poy 

* Staff Relief & Private 
Duty 

* Full time or Port time 

Call 

N u r s e fin d e r s 
73o N. Main St. 
226-6333 

614 SAULS TRADES 
614 SKILLS TRADES 
614 SKILLS TRADES 
San A n to n io EXPRESS N E W S — Sunday M a y 8 1 9 7 7 

NURSE ll 

R e g iste re d 
N u rs e to r 
A d o le s c e n t 
P s ych ia tric 
W a rd 
P ra te r d e g re e in 
P sychiatric N u rs in g a n d e x ­ p e rie n c e in c h ild o r a d o le s ­ c e nt p s y c h ia tric n u rs in g 

Texas 
Licen se re q u ire d . 
S a la ry S t ,2 I 9 a m o n th . 

Contact 

S A N A N T O N IO 
STATE H O S P ITA L 
Personnel Office 
5 3 2 - 8 8 1 I 

An Equal Opportunity 

Affirmotic Action Employer 

LVN’s 
All SHIFTS 

N orm andy Terrace 
Nursing Home 

6 4 8 - o 1 o 1 
8 4 1 R ice Rd. 

? 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 

M E D IC A L L A B 

T E C H N O L O G IS T S 

Brownsville Medical Center, o 162 

 bed facility in the Sunny Rio 

Grande Valley is presently ac 

 repting applications foe 
ASCI* 

Registered 
Medical tab tech 

 nologists on all shifts 
Micro 

 biology bacterology background 

 nrefetred but not required 

We offer excellent benefits in 

 eluding health life long term 

'Usability insurance, retirement 

 plan, ond an employee stock 

 nurcbose plan 

Call collect or visit: 

Personnel Director 

Brownsville Medical Center 

1o4o West Jefferson 

Brownsville, Texas 78S2o 

(512) 541-3171 ext. 43o 

A Meriemo Hospital 

An Equol Oppt Employer M f 

IV N 

• I pm-9 pm shift 

A p p ly in P erson 

CARRIAGE SQUARE 

NURSING HOM E 
8o2o Blanco 
3 4 4 -4 5 5 3 

SHEETM ETAL MECHANICS 

Continued growth of Sweortngen Aviation corporation has created a de­ 

 mand for additional employees desiring careers in aircraft manufac­ 

 turing. 

Sweanngen has immediate requirements for experienced Sheetmetal 

Mechanics. These positions require experience performing structural 

 assembly and aircraft sheetmefol installation 
These positions offer 

 rtorting rates from S3 49 to S4.19 per hour, automatic 9o day increases, 

 annual qeneral increases, and excellent working conditions. 

O T H E R C O M P A N Y B E N E F IT S IN C L U D E : 

• Job Stability 

♦ Group Iii© Imurovtce 
* G roup M edico! Insurance 

• Libero! V ocotion Benefits 
* D isability Benefits 

• Job Posting 

• Jury Duty Pay 

* M ilitary pay differen tial 

Swearingen is a growth oriented aircraft manufacturer competing in the 

 general aviation industry. We are committed to o policy of promotion 

 from within and offering employees opportunities for odvoncement 

 based on their individual ability ond peiformonce. 

• R e tire m e n t P ro g ra m 
• In s u re d Sick P ay 
• 9 Holidays 
• T u itio n A ssista n ce 
• B e re a v e m e n t P ay 
• C o m p a n y S p o n so re d 
E m p lo y e e A c tiv itie s 
• E xcellen t W o rk in g 
C o n d itio n s 
• $ 5 o ,o o o m a jo r m e d ic a l c o v e ra g e 

 j if you ore interested in knowing more about these openings and a posse- I 

We future with Swearingen, you should apply in person of the employ 

 men! office, Swearingen Aviation Corporation, International Airport, Son I 

Antonio, Tx. (come East on Bisters Rood post Blossom Athletic Center, 

 turn right on NE entrance road) 

S 
W 
E 
A 
R 
I 
N 
G 
E 
N f t 

A Subsidiary o f Fairchild Industries 

An Equal O p p o rtu n ity E m ployer 

,, 
■. , 
KSISS 
. fess* 
' x*. ’ix..: 
, 

^ 
■nnaauminwi'iiii ................ I r 
I ............. — 
... 
.....maim i „ in. i,**. 

N.E. San Antonio Area 
Manufacturer of 
Aluminum Windows 

N e e d s : 
• Punch P ress O p e ra to rs 
• L a b o re rs 
Positions for both men & women 
N o summer or p arttim e openings. Assem bly type work 
BENEFITS: 

• H e a lt h In s u r a n c e P r o g r a m 
• R e t i r e m e n t P io n 

• G o o d C h a n c e f o r 

A d v a n c e m e n t 

614 SHILLS TRADES 

P a id V a c a t i o n 

G o o d W o r k i n g 

C o n d it io n s 

T r a in in g 

P r o g r a m 

A p p ly in person: 
BILL W OLM A & SONS INC. 
Park North Shopping Center 
4 1 4 7 Acorn H ill—6 5 3 -1 3 2 o 

H rs . 8 - 4 : 3 o M o n d a y -F rid a y 

 a n e q u a l o p p o r t u n i t y e m p l o y e r 

SAN ANTONIO 
COMMUNITY HOSPITAL 

Accepting applications tor 

REGISTERED RADIOLOGIC 
TECHNOLOGIST 

MIDtCAl TRANSCRIBERS 

• Experience required 

• Excellent company benefits 

Apply in person 
Personnel office 
8o26 Floyd Curl Dr. 
Son Antonio, TX 78229 

Equal Opportunity Employer M f 

"Immediate opening for a n i 

Operating 
Room 
Supervisor! 

 and an OR Tech. in a 1oo-bed I 

 fully accredited hospital. At-1 

 tractive salary and excellent! 

 fringe benefits. Please con-| 

 tact the Administrator - D. M. 

Cogdell Mem orial Hospital - I 

Snyder, Texas 79549. Equal I 

Opportunity Employer." 

* " ★ 
★ 
★ 
★ 
★ 
★ 
★ 
★ 
★ 
★ 
★ 
★ 
* . 

I 

S t e 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 

* l v n 
* 
TP P a rt tim e r e lie f, g 
* 
7 - 3 , a n d 3 -1 1 
£ 
* 
RN 
I 
Charge position, 3-11 t 

Full or part time 
A p p ly in person At 
^ 6 1 6 W . Russell ^ i f SAN PEDRO MANOR 
At 
V 

M E D IC A L R E C E P T IO N IS T , ex- perienced, m a tu re tor Physicians office. M ust hove exp e rien c e in 
Doctors oHice and be capable of s u p erv isin g 
S a la ry open, b en­ efits. W rite qualifications ond ex­ p e rie n c e s to th e E x p re s o a nd 
News Box No. 4374, 78297 

EXPERIENCED AIRCRAFT 
SHEETMETAL MECHANICS 

EXPERIENCED MACHINISTS 

EXPERIENCED AIRCRAFT 
SHEETMETAL INSPECTORS 
(Need 3-5 years experience) 

JETCRAFTERS INC. 

5 4 1 8 B r e w s t e r 

6 5 7 - 2 7 o o 
Equal Opportunity Employer 
/F 

PLANT ENGINEER 

A m a jo r m a n u fa c tu rin g firm in Rio G ra n d e 

V a lle y a re a has an o p e n in g fo r a PLANT 

EN G IN EER . 
S everal yea rs e xp e rie n ce re ­ 

 q u ire d in m a n u fa c tu rin g . Job du ties in clu d e : 

 re s p o n s ib ility fo r a ll fa c ilitie s in vo lve d in the 

 m a n u fa c tu rin g process in clu d in g b u ild in g , 

 m a chinery a n d e q u ip m e n t, 
W ill a lso be 

 re sponsib le fo r o v e ra ll o p e ra tio n o f e n g in e e r 

 ing d e p t. 
O u ts ta n d in g co m p a n y b e n e fits . 

S a la ry op en. 

 a p p ly in person: 

 nearest Texas Employment Commission office 

E q u a l o p p o rtu n ity e m p lo ye r 

 a d p a id for b y e m p lo ye r 

CHURCH'S 
FRIED CHICKEN 

Has Im m e d ia te O p e n in g s for 

INTERSTATE 

TRUCK DRIVER 

C o m m e rc ia l lic e n s e re 

 q u ire d w ith a t le a s t 2 ye ars 

 tra c to r tra ile r e x p e rie n c e 

Call 735-9392 ext. 397 

MECHANICAL 
DRAFTER 

P ie fe r p e rs o n w ith c o lle g e 

 tra in in g a n d 2 y e o rs p ra c ­ 

 tic a l e x p e rie n c e , d e a lin g 

 w ith s h e e t m e ta l fa b n 

 c a tio n 
O th e r lig h t m onu 

 to rtu rin g o i A c rc itu tu a l ex 

 p e rie n c e w ill b e con 

 s id e red P lease a p p ly 

3326 Fredericksburg Rd. 

SW ITCHBOARD 
OPERATOR 

3 y e a rs p re v io u s ex perience required 

7 3 5 - 9 3 9 2 ext. 218 

(qual Opportunity Employe 

814 SKIL1S TRADES 

Ventura 
Manufacturing Co. 

 b m Im m ediate o pe ning ! fur: 
WELDERS 
M ig Stick Welding 

Blue print reading required 

P a id b e n e fits , h e a lth a n d lite in s u ra n c e , h o lid a y s a n d v a c a tio n . E d u c a tio n a l assis* once 
C a ll: Elva 
4 3 4 - 4 3 7 1 
2527 SW 36th Street 

 q u a l o p p o rtu n ity e m p lo ye r 

614 SKILLS 
TRADES 

616 FOOD DRINK SERVICES 

 r n 
\ 
S E W IN G 
M A C H IN E 
M E C H A N IC 
I xceltent opportunity to prow with one of the Southwest s lend mg manufacturers of Womens spoitsweai lins opening in fori 
Stork ton, texas oilers on ex leltent solarv nod a rom ptehensive benefit package 
Relocation expenses paid (oil im mediately (collect) lo arrange an mteiview 
Ron 
Joinnagan 
(214) 637 4ooo r o y a l p a r k , in c. 
7 7 7 7 H in e s P la c e 
D a l l a s , T X 7 S 2 3 5 equul opportunity employer 
J 
* 

X-RAY SERVICE 

Im m e d ia te opening for e x ­ 

 perienced 
X Roy 
Service 

M an . G ro u n d floor of ra­ 

 pidly g ro w in g c o m p an y. 

Salary O p e n , co m p an y car 

 ond expenses. 
M ust be 

 fu lly capable on all brands 

 ond types of x ra y m a ­ 

 chines. ta ll 
734 2551 for 

 in te rvie w , 

RNs 
• Assistant 
D irector of 
N ursing 
• Supervisor 3 - 1 I 
EXPERIENCED 
AIDES 
N on smokers please app ly 
IO a m. to noon 
H ills id e M a n o r 

8 3 1 o G a u l t L a n e 

8 2 8 - o 6 o 6 

M E D IC A L R E C E P -B K K P R 
Multi dr ofc needs you and your insur, bkkpg exp. $65o+ DOE 
DR P E R S O N N E L M E D IC A L - 
O E N T A L E m plo ym ent S ervice 
Ook Hills M ed Bldg, 69o-991o 
M E D IC A L SALES 
Well known firm needs two sale­ spersons ii5 ,o o o + first year 
DR P E R S O N N E L M E D IC A L - 
D E N T A L E m plo ym ent Service 
Ook Hills M ed Bldg, 69o-991o 
M E D R E C E P T IO N IS T 
New practice, I girl ofc S55o 
DR P E R S O N N E L M E D IC A L 
D E N T A L E m plo ym ent Service 
Ook Hills M ed Bldg, 69o-991o 
54oo NUS R E S A ID E S need 6 good e x p . a id e s -s h ift w o r e . R o s te 
732-2191, 25o1 W est A v e. Jobs 
North inc. Personnel Consultants. 

 r 
RN 
NEEDED 
7 -3 
N orm andy Terro<e 
Nursing Home 
841 Rice Rd. 
648-o1o1 

 is 

S425 Patient R epresentative $45o 
Medical spot, night shill. Need 2. 
Ester M oreno 923-436o Jobs South 
Placem ent 
S ervice 
413 
SW 
M ilitary 

Registered N urse for progressive o ffic e , a s s e s s m e n t an d m a n ­ a g em e n t s k ills h e lp fu l. S a la ry com m ensurate w ith e xp e rien c e . 
New graduate considered 
Reply to Express News Box 4329 S.A. 
78297 

AUTO - DIESEL - SEMI TRAILER 
MECHANIC 

M ust cu rre n tly be e m p lo y e d a n d be a b le to cha nge p o sitio n s. 
M u st be a w e ll o rg a n iz e d self s ta rte r. 
S u p e rio r o p ­ p o rtu n ity w ith a p ro g re ssin g g ro w in g to p ­ notch co m p a n y. 

Reply to E xpre ss-N ew s, Box 4 4 4 5 , San 

A n to n io 
7 8 2 9 7 w ith q u a lific a tio n s an d sa la ry de sired. 

PERMANENT POSITION 
WITH GROWING POTENTIAL 

Due to the gro w th of our co m p a n y, the fo llo w in g positions 

 are availa ble. Both positions w ith good starting salary and 

 benefits. 
• KILL FLOOR BUTCHERS • 

M ust be e xp e rie n c e d on c a ttle k ill. 
• BEEF BONER • 

E xperienced w ith cow s and bulls. Piece w o rk . 

Call Collect ED VOGT, 

9 A .M . - 3 P .M ., M o n d a y -F r id a y 

( 7 1 3 ) 7 4 8 - 6 2 o o 

BLUE RIBBON PACKING CO. 

4 7 6 7 C A L H O U N RD. 

H o u s to n , T e x a s 7 7 o o 4 

Equal Opportunity Employer 

HEAVY DUTY 
TRUCK 
TECHNICIANS 
WANTED 

Mission 
Chevrolet 
Needs 
Ex 

 penenced Technician for Diesel 

 and Gasoline, Heavy Duty trucks 

 and Allison Transmission 

Great Company Benefits, Hospi 

 ruination Insurance Plan, Paid 

Vacation. Uniform Allowance 

• Equal Opportunity 
Employer • 

Apply in 
Person 
FRED 
VAUGHN, 
HARVEY 
HABY, 
LAWERANCE JETTER 
MISSION 
CHEVROLET 
12oo S.t. Military Dr. 

IMMEDIATE OPENING HJR 
JOURNEYMEN 
INDUSTRIAL SEWING 
MACHINE MECHANIC location in Midland, Texas Motor appale! manufacturer offers lop wages ond benefits Will assist in relocation 
3 A yeais exponent# on all type oi industrial sewing machines preferred (all 915-694 
8881 between 7 3o AM 4 PM CST. 
Colled Tot Personnel Manager 
Equol Opportunity Employe! 

ASSISTANT 
SHIPPING 
CLERK 

» Must be bilingual 
* Good salary 

Apply in Person 

See Mr. Gonzalez 

BELL FURNITURE CO. 

1o3 E. Commerce 

BEEF BARON 
CENTRAL PARK 
MALL 

Now accepting applications for 
C O O K 
* We ll train 
* generous benefit program 

Apply in person to manager 
After 2 p.m. 

We ore un equal oppodumly employer 
Mole female 

LONE STAR 
Volkswagen 

Needs a mechanic 

 with experience. 

SEE BOB D ABN EY 

AT 33o3 BROADWAY 

YOU 
DESERVE 

MORE THAN A 

JOB! 

Drive for 
North 

American and own 

 your own business. 

We ll help you get into business 
♦or yourself as a professional owner operator How' See North 
American's ad in today s Business 
Opportunity classification 

EVENING 
DINNER COOK 

I yis minimum broiler ond 

 smite expeuence 
Hove own 

 transportation 

 a p p ly in person 
M y Place 
R estaurant 
7114 Blanco Rd. at loop 41o 

M a u ric e F e rre ll 

3 4 4 - 6 2 1 4 

1 T 
I M 

 to 
OR 
OR 

$4,5ohr W arehouse M aintenance 
SS 
R epair all elec m achines Lg co, needs exp on forklifts, etc. Joyce 
B e s t 
9 2 3 -4 36 8 
Jobs 
S outh 
P lacem ent 
Service 
413 
SW 
M ilita ry 
In te r n a tio n a l H a ir D e s ig n has o p e n in g fo r e x p e r ie n c e d 
S T Y L IS T 
C o m m issio n to 6S°c 
Additional com m ission on retail 
Phone 828 3541 for appointm ent. 

R E G P H A R M A C IS T 
$19,ooo 5 day wk Biting pref 
DR P E R S O N N E L M E D IC A L - 
D E N T A L E m plo ym ent Service 
Ook Hills M ed Bldg, 69o-991o 

RNs & LVNs 

F ull o r p a r t tim e 

*o' rehabilitation nursing 
Ex 

•ellen! snloiy ond fringe 

 benefits Call Mrs Watts Direr 

•or of Nursing Colled 512 672- 

’831, Monday thru friday 9AM 

SPM. 
TEXAS 
REHABILITATION 

-OSPITAl. Gonzales Texas 

+ + + + + + + + + + + + + + 

RN and LYN 
1 1 7 
All fringe benefits 
Golden Manor 736-4544 

RN, full tim e, e xp.preferred. Coll j collect: St.Vincent Hospital, P O. I 
Box 21o7, Santa Fe, N M . 875o1. i 
5o5-983-3361, E xt 214. EOE 

RN -LV N ORS O F F IC E 
Asst dr. in surq salary open 
DR P E R S O N N E L M E D IC A L - 
D E N T A L E m ploym ent Service 
Oak Hills M ed Bldg. 69o-991o 

CONSTRUCTION 
SUPERVISOR 

S upervise Job S u p e rin te n d e n ts, D o in g T a ke -o ffs, 

B idding , S ched uling, E xp e d itin g . 

CALI COLLECT TO JERRY BERNSTEIN, 
HARRY REED & COMPANY 

I-7 I3 S24-8Io8 Between 3:3o PM ond 5:3o PM 

Send resumes to 
2444 TIMES BLVD., HOUSTON, TX 77oo5 

JOSKE’S OF TEXAS 

IS N O W ACCEPTING APPUCATIONS FOR 
SECURITY AGENT 
KEYPUNCH OPERATOR 
PART TIME DRIVERS 
PART TIME IBM 36o/2o COMPUTER 
OPERATOR 
CREDIT AUTHORIZERS 
A p p ly in p e rs o n 
3 rd F lo o r P e rs o n n e l O ffic e 
Joske’s of Texas 
A la m o P la z a equal o p p o rtu n ity em ployer 

TRUCK DRIVER 
WANTED 
I MARRI!! CATTIE COMPANY nim need al law aitaplianal Hut afd want! 
! truck driver!, aiporiancad I rn cattie 
Mauling apatatiam, applicant! mull pollen an aicallant driving record and wark ttcotd ond Hud wonky ll yac mtat Itta abava qualification! we aHai 
I paid vacation!, iniutanco plan, paid j lick leave, hoipitai plan, top lalaty and guaranteed minimum calory tor 
I tu'Mer information ond application! 
I Contact: 
MATT HOHMANN 
OR TIM MASSIE 
Daily from 8AM -5PM 
O R C O M E BY 
H A R R E L L C A T T L E C O 
H W Y 9 o A 
G O N Z A L E S , T E X A S 

L E A R N A T R A D E 
We tra m you iii field of printed packaging film s, lob with future in rapidly growing co 
S lo rl i i SO an hour, periodic raises w hile tra in in g , group ho- s p ililu a lto n paid holidays, vaca lion, profit sharing + other fringe j b e n e fits , R o ta tin g s h ifts w ith | p re m iu m pay 15c an h r, 4o h r week. Call 222-9688, 8om -l? noon 
O N LY ______________________________ I 
L IC E N S E D P L U M B E R S i i per h o u r + b e n e fits to r q u a lifie d I plum bers. 
Sec 
Tim 
H a rt, 
VIS 
C reekview 

GENERAL 
LABORERS 

We are lo o kin g for general 

 laborers w ho can w ork 

 either short or long term 

 assignm ents 
H o m e phone 

 and tar necessary 
A pply d o ily fro m 9 -3 . 
M AN POW ER 
TEMPORARY :>I HVICr.S 

321 B ro oklyn 
224 9253 

Equal O p p o r t u n it y tm p lo y a r 

BULL M OOSE 
J 
KITCHEN & TAVERN J 

N o w ta k in g a p p lic a tio n s J 

* 
★ BARTENDRESSES 

E x p e rie n c e d 

A p p ly iii P e rso n 

M o n d a y - F r i d a y , 

3 p . m . - 6 p .m . d a ll y 

6 5 o 1 B la n c o Rd. 

(N e a r C e n t r a l P o rk M o ll) 

J dr A A 
J 
; 

WAITRESS 
NEEDED FOR 
NIGHTCLUB 
IN 
UNIVERSAL 
CITY 
CALL 658-o8o8 

M A C H IN IS T , m in im u m 2 years e xp e rien c e , p rim a rily lath e and t m illing m achines, day and night 
I shills available, la ir w ages, good b e n e fits , c o ll 
M r 
K o s e k a l 
| Colum bia Industries Inc. 344-9211, 
E qual O pportunity E m p lo yer 

M akeup ond skin care specialist n e e d e d to r H a ir P o r t B e a u ty 
Salon Call for appl. 34159o4, after 
6pm 696-8854. 

DISPATCHERS 
ALARM INSTA LLATIO N 

S tu ffily m utually i i lea king yt.io rm v l w ith a ilaody em ploym ent in fo ld and a iiio n g (h o te lie r Related eipaiience Ii a del,nile p lu i. bul we w ill n o m a qualified applicant M u ll be available lo t vanoui ih llli U nivotm i, train in g, vatailan and group in iu io m e provided M u ll apply in penen, M onday -friday 9 am 4pm 

Stanley Smith 
Security 

211 W. Olmos 

A n E q u a l O p p o r t u n it y E m p lo y e r i s ly E m ploye: 

' M illin g m ach in e o p e ra to r, need q u a lifie d m illin g m achine opera tor, good pay, good benefits, p e r­ m anent position. 
M onroe 
M fg 
655 6o46 

RNs and L V N s needed full and part tim e, all shifts Non-sm okers p lea s e a p p ly Io c m -I2 H ills id e 
M anor 831o G ault Lone. 828-o6o6 

J REGISTERED NURSES 
^ 
M u s t h a v e IC I! 

* R E G IS T E R E D D IE T IC IA N * 
5 days 

A D M IS S IO N C L E R K 

Must know m edica l te r­ m inology. R o tatin g shifts. 

C EMPLOYMENT SERVICE 

3 3 3 V a l l e y Hi D r . 

6 7 3 - 1 8 1 4 

RNS 
LPNs 
You know how vital your profes­ sion is 
Y ou p r o b a b ly h a v e a choice of lob 
Bul have you ever considered V IS T A ? As o V IS T A v o lu n te e r you w ill e x p a n d the scope of your experience, take on new challenges, and bring good health care to those who need it m ost 
A p p ly now for y e a r-lo n g a ss ig n m en ts s ta rtin g this sum m e r. P r e fe r s in g le s , m a rrie d s with no dependents. No upper age lim it. V IS T A volu nteers receive living allow ance, paid vacation, tra n s p o rta tio n , m e d ic a l, o th e r b enefits. C all us: (512)397-525, ext.4, collect 

FINISH CARPENTER 
GENERAL HANDYMAN 

O u r new "h a n d y m a n p ro g ra m " has been so successful, w e are in te rv ie w in g a d d itio n a l c a rp e n te rs in te re ste d in stea dy e m p lo ym e n t. 
Q u a lific a tio n s includ e: E xp e rt finish ca rp e n try ; 
A b ility to ta p e , flo a t an d p a in t; C a p a b le o f p e rfo rm in g a ll ro u tin e ho m e re p a irs such as m inor p lu m b in g , e le c tric a l, etc. 
For in te r v ie w c all S te v e S h e rm a n 
3 4 1 - 3 1 o 1 1 o a .m . to 5 p .m . 
Beldon Roofing & Remodeling 

 it Ar dr it 'dr it it -k ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ 

X Ray Technician for D r Clinic, excellent hours and pay, pension fund. A v a ila b le now 
Reply E x ­ press News Box 4477, San Anton­ io, Tx. 78297 
R N ’ s - L V N s 

J o in th e 
N o t i o n " ! 
L a r g e s t p r o v id e r o f s t a f f r e l i e f a n d h o m e h e a lth c a r e s e r v ic e s 

4 > 

Call: 

224-2341 

X R A Y T E C H N IC IA N 
A R R T req tor super position in this multi doctor clinic, M F 
DR P E R S O N N E L M E D IC A L 
D E N T A L E m plo ym ent Service 
Oak Hills M ed Bldg, 69o-991o 

2x3 
SANTA 
C E N TE R 
R O S A 
M E D IC A L 

614- 

H O M E M A K E R S 
U P J O H N “ 

 e q u o lo p p o ^ n it^ n ip lo y e ^ ^ / 

$68o DR’S ACCOUNTS 
Medical insurance experience 
SPEARS Personnel Service 
2o7 Jockson-Keller_______ 828-1292 

E XE C S E C TY DR OFC insr. knowledge IL tra n s c r. exp. lands lob, plush ofc. sal. open 
DR. P E R S O N N E L M E D IC A L 
DENTAL. E m plo ym ent S ervice 
Oak Hills Med Bldg, 69o-991o 

IVN Full Time 3-11 
_____________922-27o1______________ 

LV N N E E D E D 
All shifts, 3-11, 11-7, 7-3. Apply rn person at St. B e n e d ic t H ospital and Nursing Hom e. South Alam o a l Johnson, 222-o171 
E q u a l Op portunity E m ployer.____________ __ 
L V N s and R N s , p a r t tim e , a ll shifts Oak Hills C a re Center 73o2 I 
Oak M anor D r. 344-8537. 
DINS NEEDED 
All shills 
Can Inn of Seguin 
512-379-7777. 

LY N Wanted sm all nursin g home, j relief shift. 227-3812. 
MEDICAL-DENTAL 
Positions ava ila b le -m an y areas 
DR. P E R S O N N E L M E D IC A L - 
I 
D E N TA L E m p lo ym en t Service 
I 
Oak Hills Mud Bldg, 69o-991o 

A irc ra ft s h ee tm e fo l fa b ric a to r, m inim um 5 y ea rs exp erien ce in 
A ircraft sheetm etal, bench w ork, must hove own bond tools, A ir ­ craft d ra fts m a n , m ust have e x ­ perience, contact Personnel Dept. 
Page G ulfstream . Inc. San Anton­ io internatio nal A irp o rt 828-8151. 
Equal O pportunity E m ployer 

DIESEL 
OVER-THE-ROAD 
DRIVER 
Must pass staff written, driving ond physical examinations Must have at least 3 yrs. experience 
Will be running double with no road lay overs Equipment geared with IO. 13 and 15 speed over- andunder transmissions, log book experience necessary. Re­ quires being away from home on weekends. 
Drivers unload at customers along the route Run­ ning to upper Mid-Wesi and Colo, 

(a ll 654-6543 before Lpm 

Monday-friday for further 

 information 

MACHINIST or 
Machinist Trainee 

. 
Industrial 
Engine Service 
2oo7 Ackerman Rd. 
661-67o3 

NEED CARPENTERS 
( F o r W h ite B u ffa lo C o rp , m u s t (N ew s Box 4417, 78297 
I h a v e e x p e r ie n c e o n d to o ls i 824-7oo6 
344 9654 after Apm 

TAILOR 
Mens h e lle r clothing, experienced 
Cool person, excellt salary, paid vacation, sick leave, hospital and life in su ra n c e, pension plan, no night w o rke r. A pply to E xp ress 
O ur e m ­ ployees know of this ad 

 r V 3 

,___ 
I TH E T E X A S A R M Y N A T IO N A L 
[ N E E D E X P M A IN T E N A N C E i 
G U A R D HAS O P E N IN S FOR 
M A N for larg e apt com plex S3 hr j C O O K S 
M E C H A N IC S 
C O M 
R osie 732 2191, 25o1 W est Ave. IM U N IC A T IO N S 
F IR E D IR E C 
; Jobs 
North 
Inc. 
Personnel IT IO N 
Consultants_______________________ P E R S O N N E L 
C L E R K S . CANNOj 

N E E D E X P M A IN T E N A N C E 
P £ lY f» R,? ,."i^«N A N C e 
I M A N for larg e apl com plex $3 hr. I S P E C IA L IS T S 
R osie 732 2191, 
Jobs 
N orth 
; Consultants. 

25o1 W est Ave 
Inc 
Personnel 

U l l l ll l l ll l l l ll l l l ll l i ll l l l ll l l ll l l l ll H J J 

NEEDED AT ONCE! 
EXPERIENCED 
ELECTRICAL 
HELPERS 

2 or 3 years house 

 s wiring experience 
I 
FOSS ELECTRIC CO. 
9 o 1 O A e ro 
8 2 4 -2 3 5 8 

 n H IIIM IIIIIIIIIIIIH IIIIIH H IH t m t f li 

OFFSET PRESSMAN 
M in im u m 
2 y e a r s 
A B 
D ic k 
J 36o-ITEK experience a m ust Top s a la ry , bonus, frin g e s . A d v o n 
£ cem ent opportunity Confidential 
Z 
222 1535 
_ _ 
S 
O P E N IN G S for experienced AIR 
£ 
C O N D IT IO N IN G R E F R IG E R A 
S 
T IO N M E C H A N IC S and S H E E T 
= 
M E T A L 
M E C H A N IC S 
£ I P erm anen t em ploym ent Contact r 
J e rry P a rk is , P ark is A ir Condi 
£ honing Co.,Inc ,8o7 E.5th, Odessa, 
= 
Texas 915 332 1296________________ 
= 
P IC K A N D S H O V E L L A B O R , 
Z 
Gibson 
Plum bing a lte r 
4pm 
= 
661-6/41 

One weekend per m onth and two weeks in sum m er 512-226-2691 ___ 

TRE E T R I M M E R S 
E xperience necessary 
M eaner, 
655 1646 

J? 
Z I 

JIM S COFFEE SHOP 
N O . IO 

 loop 41o at Perrin Beitel 

N o w a cc e p tin g a p p lic a tio n s fo r 

NIGHT COOK 

• G e n e ro u s b e n e fit program 

A p p ly in person lo m anager 

 b e tw e e n 2 pm a nd 4 pm 

We Ate an equal oppni (unity 

 employer 

Mule female 

B R IC K L A Y E R S . L A B O R E R S , and M A S O N R Y S U B C O N T R A C ­ 
TORS needed im m ediately 
655-45o5 

AUTO 
MECHANICS 

& 
TECHNICIANS 

Mission Chevrolet Needs Trained 
Technicians, 
N.I.A.S.E. oi 
Chevrolet Approved Only. Great 
Company Benefits, Hospitalize lion 
Insurance 
Plan, 
Paid 
Vocation, Uniform Allowance. 

• Equal Opportunity 

Employer • 

J A p p ly in Person to FR ED 

V A U G H N , 
OR 
H A R V EY 

H A B Y , OR LA W ER A N C E J E T ­ 

TER 

Lu.in a u i i 
B u rg lar a la rm service m an need- 
Automotive m echanic with diesel ed im m ediately, night hours only experienced need apply. 226-126? e x p e rie n c e S a la ry open, re tir - i em en t and in s u ra n c e b e n efits, opportunity for advancem ent and excellent w orking conditions. Ap- 
| ply now in p e rs o n A s s o c ia te d 
Services Inc PO Box 726 Jourda- to 
Tx 
78o26 or call tor appt. 
769-3741____________________________ 

, 58oo AUTO P A R TS C O U N T E R CO needs exp w orkers-advances. 
! Sarah____________________________ _ 

AUTO RADIO INSTALLER 
M otor com pany needs rad io in ­ stallers, experienced in all m akes of autos 
P erm anen t rob, salary, com pany benefits 
C all 349-4363 between 4 pm and 6 pm.__________ 

BEAUTY OPERATOR 

Business m ach in e salesm an d e ­ siring m a n ag e m en t o pportunity w ith g ro w in g c o m p an y , s a la ry open Call 342-3124 for appl._______ 
Butane gas d e liv e ry established route 8 arn-S pm , good pay. apply in person, 67o5 Bandera Rd.______ 
C A R P E N T E R , experienced only, and laborers. Apply atter 6pm at 
2o3 Lem ur. 732-68o7 

MISSION 
CHEVROLET 
12oo S.E. Military Dr. 

JOB SHOP SHEET METAL 
WORKER W ANTED 

★ Must be experienced in print reading and close tolerance work. 
BOSCO INC 
6 6 1 - 5 3 9 3 
Call for an appointment 
Equal O p p o rtu n ity Employer 

SEWING 
MACHINE 
MECHANIC 

N E E D E D 

Must be Experienced 
CORP 

P L A N T M A IN T E N A N C E 
E s t film p a c k a g in g p r in t e r , la m in a to r, bag m fg. needs exp production m achinery m echanic. 
E lectronic and lathe exp d e sira ­ ble R e fe ren c e s, p e rm a n e n t, co. benefits s ala ry open 222 9688 

PL UM BE R S 
E X P D HE LPE RS 
A P A R T M E N T C O N S T R U C T IO N 
Top p a y, b e n e fits W rite 
M IL ­ 
TO N U. L E V Y P LB C BO X 295o9, 
D allas, Tx. 75229. Attn: Charles 
Lodum 

$2.5o P lu m b ers H elpers $2 75 
Need 3 w iilin tg to leorn and a d ­ v an c e . E s h e r M o re n o 923-436o 
Jobs South Placem ent S ervice 413 
SW M ilita ry 

E x p e rie n c e d R o u te S a le s m a n , 
■excellent com pany benefits. The 
S o u th la n d C o rp , O a k F a r m s 
D airy Division, 661-4116________ 
E X P E R IE N C E D 
H A IR D R E S S E R 
Good benefits, vacation 
________M a u rice s 826 3265________ 
E x p e rie n c e d m a in te n a n c e m an fo r n o rth s id e c o m p le x . 5 day w eek, own tools and tra n s p o rta lion Call 9-5 only 824 5631 

P R O F E S S IO N A L F L O R A L 
________ D esigner 684 4545______ 

Q U A LIT Y BAKER 
Apply in Person IO to 4 
T h e P a s t r y C o u r t 
__________ 114 W O LM O S________ _ 
R A M A D A IN N 333 NW Loop 41o is looking for an experienced Assis ta n l M a in te n a n c e M a n an d Re frig e ratio n M echanic. Applicants j m ust h a ve p rio r e x p e rie n c e to i q u a lify for these positions 
We ofter an excellent starting salary 

TRUCK DISPATCHER j W e n eed a g o o d e x p e r ie n c e d tru c k d is p a tc h e r 
S a la ry open, 
■ p aid m ed ical b e n efits, paid life 
-in s u ra n c e 
T e x a s F u e l and As- iah o lt Co , LaC oste. Tx 
677-8o22 
Sun Antonio__________ __ 
T ru c k d r iv e r n e e d e d 
L u m b e r yard exp necessary 
Apply 34oo 
Fredericksburg Rd 733 9117 

T ru c k d riv e r und u tility m on, m ust know city, hourly pay rote a p p ro x im a te ly $65o per m onth 
I All applications to A J. Ploch Oil 
Co . Inc. 5747 D ietrich Rd 4-5om daily for in te rvie w No phone calls please_____________________________ 
Truck D riv e r. 5 Axle Rig 
633 o991______________ 

 i$6oo $8oo T R U C K D R IV E R S local or intrastate exp Cindy 732 2191, 
25o1 West A ve, Jobs N o rth Inc 
Personnel Consultants ___________ 

Tvpew ritter re p a irm a n w ith elec­ tronic e xp e rien c e desiring m an 
-agem enl duties und opportunity w ith g ro w in g c o m p a n y , s a la ry 
■ open Call 342 3124 for a p p l______ 

T Y P W R IT E R R E P $7oo 
+ Car allow + com m 
E xp in bench work. Call B ernie 684-868o 
Fm nev& Associates Personnel 
Consultants 5835 C allaghan No325 
U P H O L S T E R E R w ith m a c h in e needed 655 8oo1 

BUS HELP 
M ust be experienced and neat in appearance Apply in person ON 
L Y please, no phone calls 
Polio 
Room, M E N G E R H O TE L 

C a s h ie r N u t C ro c k e r club 732 1 
San Pedro apply I 3pm. 
COOK and W A IT R E S S E S 
E X P E R IE N C E D O N L Y 
E v e n in g a n d g r a v e y a r d s h ift* 
Apply in person B IL L Y R s 98 NE 
Loop 41o. See M r Duron__________ 

COOKS (3 ) needed for im m ediate e m ploym ent for one of Boerne s leading restau ran ts Only 3o min ates from San Antonio Excellent salary Day or night shifts ovaila hie 
O pen 7 d a y s , 24 h o u rs on w eekends. C all D ennis betw een 
Aam 2pm a l I 249 9917 _________ 

COUNTER HELP 
M ust be a ttra c tiv e and have neat appearance 
A pply in person 

Wliopperburger 
2922 lA/*.*! 
* » » „ • 
W e s t 
I O : 3 o a m — 2 p m 
A v e . 

Upholsters needed 
I A lso U p h o ls te r s H e lp e r s a n d 
, 
. . . „ 
, 
■ T rim m e rs , M E N OR W O M E N . 
oD1>,Y in Person HO Austin 

E x p e d 
W a itr e s s e s * in B O T H 
Food ond C actal! Apply in person 
92oo B roodw oy. 

E x p e rie n c e d B a rte n d rc s s W ai tress, apply in person between IO am -4 pm , F id d le r's G ree n . 56oo 
W alzem Rd, 656 3168 or 733 o746 
E xperienced m e a l slicer, evening 

P ianic F u rn itu re M anu fa c tu re rs , 
; 3o7 Indiana St_____________________ 

VW Mechanic needed 
Good w orking conditions. S alary 
.open 
Contact S ervice M anager, 
915 692-91oo 

Hw y 

C A R P E N T E R , m in im u m 5 y rs experience. Apply 4oo1 Broadw ay 

CARPEN TERS 
Help solve the energy crisis. VIS 
TA has openings to r 14 e x p e r fe n c ed c a r p e n te r s to w o rk on 
*ng 

C L E A N IN G RO O M F O R E M A N 
Sm all steel foundry needs a p ra c ­ tical experienced d e an in g room f o r e m a n . S h o u ld h a v e good s u p erviso ry skills, plan nin g and o rg a n iz a tio n of the d e p a rtm e n t tor q u a lity p ro d u c tio n o u tp u t 
Should be able to tra in and m o­ tivate peoole. Com pany insurance and excellent opportunity tor p e r­ sonal grow th 
Send resum e and w age re q u ire m e n ts to John E w - 
PO 
Box 
9132 
San 
Antonio w eatherization and housing rehab 
________ __________ protects in A rkansas. O kla , Tex 
Perm anent, 4 days a week. Apply as. L o u is ia n a . M u s t be self-m o- 
1oam to noon Hillside M anor 831o 
Gaul! Lane. 828-o6o6 (non-sm oker please)_________________________ __ 

BILL POSTER TRAINEE 
L ad d er Hts. Useoge Required 
Apply in person, 9am -4pm 
3714 N. P A N A M E X P W Y 

B R A K E and F R O N T E N D M E 
C H A N K , experienced, m ust have own tools. S alary + com m . Apply in person 17o2 SW M ilita r y D r. 
Littleton T ire C o _______________ 
BRICK and RO CK L A Y E R 
E X P E R IE N C E D . 69o-1258 iN Th ! I x u m s s N I w s 

 tivated, flexible, im aginative and have ability to work with d ifferent cuitural.ethnic ond social groups. 
You ll be responsible tor on lob tra in in g and setting up self-help com m unity p rogram s. No upper age lim it. P re fe r no dependents. 
V IS T A provides volunteer living a llo w a n c e , m e d ic a l c o v e ra g e , m any other benefits. Coli collect 
(5)2)397 5925. ext.4 

C A II 225 -1 66 6 

C A R P E N T E R S , sub c o n tr a c t, transportation and tools required, 
349 o642, 8 am to am 
_ Reasonable 
Roofing and 
___________ Rem odeling____________ 
C L E A N E R -P R E S S E R to s uper- vise new location 
Only Qualified cleaner need apply. 824-86o5.__ 

782o4. 

C o m m e rc ia l a p p lia n c e s e rv ic e technician experienced in ranges, d is h w a s h e rs , ovens a n d d is p o ­ sals. M ust be reliable, am bitious and neat in appearance Good pay and b e n e fits fo r rig h t p e rs o n . 
735 281 1 for appointm ent 
C O M P O S IT IO N S H IN G L E R S 
M U S T H A V E C R E W 
Contact M ike Beldon 341-31o1 

C O N C R E T E F IN IS H E R S 
B R ID G E C A R P E N T E R S 
S T E E L T IE R S 
E O E m p lo y e r p a y in g T H D pay scale. 222-o6o6 

C onstruction E q u ip m en t O p e ra ­ tors, 
S craper, 
Dozer, 
Loader, 
■226-o141 
IN TH! f X PRf SS NEWS 
C A U 2 2 5 -1 6 6 6 

★ MACHINISTS 

★ ASSEMBLERS 

Machinists 
— fully qualified. 
Test required. 
Set-up and operate milling machine, lollies and grin­ ders. Must hove own hand tools 

Assemblers — Help assem­ ble heavy rood rolling equipment. 
Must hove related experience such os mechanics or heavy equip­ ment. 

 apply in person 

Texas employment 

Commission 

4o6 S. Main 
1o1S Jackson Keller 

135 South Park Moll 

91 SS. WW White Rd. 
11o9 S. Generoi McMullen 

 equal opportunity 

 employer 

 ad auld lo* by emp'ayer 

D R A F T S M A N 
Applications a re now being taken tor healing and a ir conditioning d raftsm an 
Heating- cooling load calc u la tio n , duct lay -o u t, e q u ip ­ m e n t s iz in g o n d a p p lic a tio n 
D r a ftin g e x p e rie n c e re q u ir e d 
Apply 2233 NW Loop 41o, 341 7161 

• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 

AIRCRAFT 
J 
DRAFTSMAN J 

Experience a must! £ 

F ib e rg la s D u c t M e c h a n ic , I yr experience 69o-o831_______________ 
Finish C a rp en ters N eed ed 
2818 
N E Loop 41o. P e lic a n 's W h a rf. 
Call 657 222o 
F R A M IN G C A R P E N T E R S 
FO R M C A R P E N T E R S 
T R IM C A R P E N T E R S im m ediate openings now a v a ila ­ ble at Lackland A ir F o rc e Base 
■ for experienced carpenters, coll 
674-o824 

S alary com m ensurate 

 with e xp e rien c e . 

C ontact John C h a p m a n 

Dee Howard 
Company 

5 1 2 - 8 2 8 - 1 3 4 1 

 equol opportunity employer 

FURNITURE 
N e e d w a re h o u s e p e rs o n w ith c o m m erc ia l d riv e rs license, ex­ perience helpful. Apply in person a l Q u a lity F u r n it u r e . 1432 S. 
Alam o between 1o-Spm 

• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 

Eng. Carpet Layer 
ACE F L O O R IN G C overing 
5615 SAN P E D R O 

$12o D riv ers S2oowk 
Long haul and local, com m . he. 
Need 4 D ave Cusp 923-436? Jobs 
South P lacem ent S ervice 413 SW 
M ilita ry 

IS 2 7 5 -1 6 6 6 tx PRI 55 AND N I WS 

EXPERIENCED SURVEY 
PARTY CHIEF 
Top wages and benefits 
N E E D NOW 
_____________ 655-7223______________ 
E x p e rie n c e d Johnson E v in ru d e 
OB m echanic, have n o rm a l me- 
; chantc tools, 4o h r w o rk w eek. 
: $2oo per week if qualified Call 
648 1341___________________________ 
Experienced Radio In stalle r and e x p e rie n c e d a s s is ta n t shop fo r­ e m a n n e ed e d , good p a y , good benefits Cal) 734-5317._____________ 
E X P E R IE N C E D H a ir d r e s s e r 
N e e d e d 
W e d g e w o o d B e a u ty billon 67o1 Blanco 342-9457 

E x p e rie n c e d O F F S E T P R E S S 
M A N , P a rt or full tim e, Apply at 
I ' )3 N .Flores 

F u r n itu r e r e p a ir a n d to u c h u p p erson 
P a r tim e . E x p e rie n c e d p r e fe rr e d 
N o S m o k in g . G ood 
Pay 
F IS H E R S. 
145o 
NE 
Loop 
4)o_________________________________ 

DARDEN SPOT 
2 bedroom s, larg e living a rea , 3 work room, double c arp o rt pecan fruit trees. M ony extra s . Roberto 
White 533 1163, 333 8763 
BOB JO N ES , R E A L T O R S 

KEY GROUP 

Have opening for I good 
F E N C E I N S T A L L E R 
M ust have c o m m e rc ia l license. 
Call 227-5411 ______________________ 

HOT ROOFERS 
Sub contract w ith kettle ond toots 
N O R TH E A S T 
B U IL D E R S , 
_____________ 349-4191______________ 

$2 6 5H R C O N S T R U C T IO N $6 equip operators and help ers. Sa­ rah 732-2191, 25o1 West Ave Jobs 
North Inc P ersonnel Consultonts. 
$3 5ohr M echanics M achinist $5 
Need 2o in a ll field s, A + Co 
+ future. Ike K elly 9J3 4366 j ;; j - B -j . ,'. 
-------------- 
IH I NUMSiR TO CAU 
IS 2 2 5 -1 6 6 6 
EXPR!SS AND NEWS 

W A N T E D 
C A R P E T L A Y E R 
_____________ 
_ 
A N D H E L P E R also rag cleaning r e tire m e n t, p ro fit sharking and ■ he!o.e/; S ,?’,1 Mr 
M agic Car- m any other frin g e benefits 
Fo r ;Pet 344-8285 appl please coll Edw ina 
344 4581 
W A N T E D M A C H IN IS T , R e tired 
We are on equal opportunity to work I 3 days a w eek, 226 8271 em ployer 
“ 
WANTED PRESSMAN 
For M eihle V e rtic a l and H e id el­ berg P la te n . Job shop p rin tin g e x p e r ie n c e r e q u ir e d 
Be pre p are d to s ubm it re fere n c es 
Freem an 
P rin tin g 
Com pany 

RECEPTIONIST 
FOR B E A U T Y SALO N 
P re fe r ex-beauhcian 
M a rsh all's 
H air Fashions 342 9496 

I E X P 
S E R V IC E B A R M A ID . 
M o n -F ri. I la m -2 3opm , S unday iS -lip m 
A p p ly lo M r 
H in o io s a a lle r Sam S to ckm an R e stau ra n t 
I 4o9 E C o m m e rce _________________ 

FRY COOK 
EXPERIENCED apply in person 
L IT T L E R E D BAR N 
________ 19o2 S. H a ck b e rry________ 
F u ll and p a rt tim e cooks, w ai tresses, dishw ashers Dos Amigos 
M exican R estaurant, 8624 Jones 
M ultsberger 

R O O F E R S , sub c o n tra c t, tra n sportation needed, no equipm ent ' “ 7 5832 necessary, 349-o642. 8 a m -io am 
Reasonable 
Roofing and 
Rem odeling 
R O O F IN G S U P E R IN T E N D A N T 
S a la r y , c o m m is s io n , a n d c o r. 
Paid vacations, college p re fe rre d , bilingual, m ust be experienced, 5o year old com pony. 828-2883 

WAREHOUSEMAN 
Apply 11o3 S F n o 

F U L L OR P A R T T IM E 
C O U N T E R OR 
BUS H E L P 
Apply in person only before H a m or atte r 2pm 
B IL L M IL L E R BAR BO 
2456 H a rry W urzboeh equol opportunity em ployer 

$6oo R o u L e D r iv e r s $1ooo 
Natl Co trains, up e arly , off early. 
P rom otes fro m within 
$2oK yr 
Pot John Ham pton 923 4369 Jobs 
South P lacem ent Service 413 SW 
M ilita ry 
S crapper operators, Cibolo Creak 
Dam , Boerne, Tx Contact 
B. C 
Jackson on lob site R. N Adam s 
Construction Co. E.O E___________ 

SEAMSTRESS 
E xperienced, ladies apparel. E x ­ cellent benefits. Apply in person 
M E N G E R S M A R T SHO P. N o a h 
Star M a ll_________________________ 

S ervice Station A ttendant Apply 
I in person 3o27 Nacogdoches Rd. 
822-o729____________________________ 
S e rv ic e S ta tio n needs E X P E R 
IE N C E O evening shift attendant. 
■ San P edro M obile Service Center, i 1o11o Son Pedro 3 4 M 7 7 I_________ 

Sham poo G irl 
Roots Unisex 349 3246 

55oo S H IP P IN G R E C E IV IN G CO advances serious w orkers. Cindy 
732-2191, 25o1 W e s t A v e 
Jobs 
North Inc. Personnel Consultants 
$4oo S K IL L E D TO U N S K IL L E D co tra m s in m ost fie ld s . C indy 
732-2191, 25o1 W e s t A v e 
Jobs 
North Inc Personnel Consultants 
57oo S U P E R IN T E N D E N T fie ld in sp c o n s t e xp h e lp s . L e e 
732 2191. 25o1 W est A v e 
Jobs - 
( North Inc P ersonnel Consultants 
___ 

H IR IN G IM M E D IA T E L Y * M ixed 
Drink Bartendress, doys, apply in person, D onny s, 
172o N 
M ain 
A v e ___________________________ 
24 Hour Pancake House 
W A IT R E S S E S 
COOKS 
E xperience not necessary Apply i in person 162o N St M a rys 
K IT C H E N A T T E N D A N T , only p e r m a n e n t, d e p e n d a b le ap p lica n ts need a pply San P ed ro 
M anor, 616 W 
Russell, opplv in p e r s o n __________________________ 

MANAGER TRAINEES 
Full or p art tim e age 19 and over apply in person after 4pm 

$866 W A R E H O U S E M A IN T E N 
ANCE elec and hydraulic repair 
Cindy 732 2191, 25o1 W est Ave. 
Jobs 
North 
Inc. 
Personnel 
Consultants_____________________ 
$!4owk D riv e r T ra in e e $18owk 
Need 15 to start today! A + Co + 
F u tu re 
Ike K e lly 923 4366 Jobs 
South P lacem ent Service 413 SW 
M ilitary____________________________ 

BIB 
FOOD DRINK SERVICES 

 a” 
" a r o u n d COOK day shift 
M exican resta u ra n t, 5175 a week 
P aid v ac atio n 
A p p ly 1126 New 
L a re d o H w y 
9-1o a m , clo s e d rues. 923 9515________ ___________ 
A re s ta u ra n t needs Lunch Wut tre s s e s a n d 
B u s b o y s 
C a ll between IO 3o-4 only 824-4591 

A T T E N T IO N ' Slew urdesses and ex stews. H e re s your chance lo gel your head out ot the-ciouds' ana get your feet-on-lhe-ground 
Apply in person, Bull Moose Rev taproot. 65o1 Blanco R d __________ 
A ttra c tiv e e x p e rie n c e d B orten- dress and W aitresses. Plays pool and-or short order cooking. Inter 
Si 14 S. P re sa 
________________ esled applicants apply in person 

B A R T E N D E R a nd C O C K T A IL n „ . l n r n n . u ,ft m r o u n o e r b a k ’s 
S w *»Cha1eLJpil,NELqop4Lo;. J Hat 
• “ 
»!»{? ta our gourm et food dept. tor afternoon shifts. Apply in perso n____________ 

N IG H T W A IT R E S S . The W h ite 
" Room , 52.25 p e r hour. 753 Isom 
Rd 342-9268 

Stiakey’s 
-re ae rick s b i 
4315 F red eric ks b u rg R d___ 

MR. DUNOERBAK’S 
W IN D S O R P A R K M A L L has openings for em p lo y e r w ith some background in institutional 

•B U S B O Y * 
K A R A M S 121 N. Zo rza m o ra 
BUSBOYS, experienced only, full tim e, up to $4 OO an hour 
Apply 
9-1o am 1o39 N E Loop 41o 
----------------- 
IS 2 7 5 -1 6 6 6 
1X68(55 AND N iW S 

I**. AC I ro u e WANT A D 
IN THI I X PRI SS NI WS 
CAU ?7> 1666 

S a n A n to n io E X P R E S S -N E W S — S u n d a y M a y 8 1 9 7 7 
624 SITUATIONS W/UUTtO 
624 SITUATIONS WANTED 
B24 SITUATIONS WANTED 
824 • SITUATIONS WAFTED 
624 SITUATIONS WANTED 
624 • SITUATIONS M NKD 

616 FOOD DRINK SERVICES 
616-FOOD DRINK SERVICES 

 f t 
\ft 

 f t 

 f t 

 f t f t 

 f t 

 f t 

 f t 

 f t 

 f t 

 f t 

 f t 

 f t 

 f t 

 f t 

 f t 

 f t 

 f t 

 f t 

 f t 

 f t 

 f t 

 f t 

 f t 

 f t 

 f t 

 f t 

 f t 

 f t 

 f t 

 f t 

 f t 

 f t 

 f t 

 f t 

M 
%j&\: !* r ~ 
WE WANT YOU 

1973 • The Quarter Nous** 
1975 • M aura’s 
1976 • Averv’s Restaurant 
1977 • The Barnyard 
1977 • C appy’* Restaurant 

Want to have fun and start an exciting 

 career? 1776 Inc., is dedicated to quality food, service, and the development of 

 our people. 

Call 349-2521 Monday for on 

 appointm ent. Interviews w ill be held on 

Tuesday, May IO, 1977, 1-6 p.m. 

 flTJK S lite j/j 

V 

84 NE loop 41o/SUITE 267W 
THE CENTURY BLDG. 

 f t f t ☆ 
☆ 
☆ 
☆ 
☆ 
☆ 
☆ 
☆ 
☆ 
☆ f t f t 

 f t 

 f t 

 f t 

 f t 

 f t 

 f t 

 f t 

 f t 

 f t 

 f t 

 f t 

 f t 

 f t 

 f t 

 f t 

 f t 

 f t 

 f t 

 f t 

 f t 

 f t 

 f t 

 f t 

 f t 

 f t 

 f t 

 f t 

 f t 

 f t 

 f t 

PWT TIME 
PWT TIME 

$$ STUDENTS $$ 

W o rk a fte r school and S atu rd ay in a ro u te -b u ild in g p ro g ram fo r 

San 
A n to n io ’s fa stest g ro w in g 

 n e w s p a p e r. 

 lf you a re b e tw e e n th e ages of 

1 3 -1 7 and w illin g to w o rk hard a 

 fe w hours each d a y w e can teach 

 you to ea rn up to $ 5 o w e e k ly ! 

In terested ? Call P ete 
826-6878 

An Equal Opportunity Employer 

HELP WANTED 
MISCELLANEOUS 
62o HELP WANTED 

NEED 
ADDITIONAL INCOME? 
$4oooo- to $5oooo per mo. 

ALBERT PICK MOTEL 
9 6 NE Loop 4 1 o 

N ew Cocktail lounge opening 

OPPORTUNITIES NOW FOR THE FOLLOWING: 

★ CLUB MANAGER 

★ BARTENDERS 

★ COCKTAIL WAITRESSES 

★ FO O D PREPARATION 

★ HOSTESSES 

Apply in person 

M o n d a y , b e tw e e n I p m -5 p m 

Equal O p p o rtu n ity Employer 

Need reliable distributor w ith own 

 transportation to deliver daily newspapers 

Hw y. 87 £ area. Bond deposit required. 1-3 

 hours each A M /P M Sat/Sun AM. 

Call 

225-7411, Ext 13o; 9-11 a.m. 

Monday thru Friday 

An Squat Opportunity Employer 

Everything under the SUN 

CTP m 
IK 

Will run FREE Want Ads in the Situations 

Wanted Classification # 6 2 4 During month of 

• s w i ® 

£ 
WUST mm wgsmstim 

Yes, in o rd e r to help the a b o v e u n e m p lo y e d Find jobs, we will 

 run a 3 line situation w a n te d ad, Free, for three days in the Ex- 

 press-N ew s and Sun N e w s p a p e rs d uring the m onth o f M A Y . A ll 

 you have to do is fill o ut the coupon b e lo w , or place yo u r ad at 

 our m ain counter in the lo b b y. N o phone orders on free situation 

 w a n te d ads, please. 

3rd and E S treets, P.O . Box 2 1 7 1 , San A ntonio 7 8 2 9 7 

N A M E:.........................................................ADDRESS:.............................. 

PHONE:.........................................................CITY:............................ 
ZIP: 

AD:................................................................................................................ 

EXPRESS-NEWS 
W ANT ADS 
2 
2 
5 
- 1 
6 
6 
6 
GET RESULTS 
QUICK 

HELP WANTED 

Arby’s Roast Beef Restaurant in San Antonio, now seeking applications for full and part­ time help. Requires I 7 or over and ability to work week-end or holidays. Join a pro­ gressive Co. who offers good pay and free uniforms. Apply at any of our 4 San Antonio locations: 2PM -5PM 
★ 314 WEST RECTOR DRIVE 
★ 1255 AUSTIN HWY. 
★ 193 4 FREDERICKSBURG ROAD 
★ WINDSOR PARK MALL 

 b e lo n g s to the 

 night worker. The best night work is retail with ST O P n GO: 
Pleasant w ork p ace 

B e n e f i t s • T r a i n i n g 

T w o s h i f t s : 

6 p .m .-1 2 midnight 
$ 2 .3 o p er hour 
I I p.rn.-7 a.m. $2.5o per hour 

HELP WANTED 

MISCELLANEOUS 
62o HELP WANTED 
62o - Help Wanted 
MISCELLANEOUS 
Miscellaneous 

SWIM 

CYCLE 
SCUBA 

TENNIS 

Phone or Come by 

Stop n Go M arkets 

2o4 E. Rhapsody Dr. 

 an IC»a O*1 
- ‘ -NI IV Emf O f o M /f 

FRONTIER 

D R IVE-IN N o . 6 

2211 Fredericksburg 

N o w accepting 

 applications for 

NIGHT CAR HOP 

NIGHT CASHIER 

Generous Benefit 

Program 

Apply in Person 

To M anager 

We lie An Equal Opportune, Implorer 
Mole femote 

I W aitresses, hard w o rk in g , ta sr, efficient girls over 18. No expe r­ ience necessary, good lip s Mex- 
I ico n H e alth fond 
1222 A u s tin 
Hwy 824-8393 Fiesta Patio 

(T o ” 
AND GIRLS— I 1 -1 6 "^j 

WAITRESS, experienced, clean 
LaPalma Restaurant 7oo S. Santa 
Roso. no phone calls please 

WAITRESS 
K ARAMS 121 N Zarzam ora 

W A N T E D FOR 
O F F S H O R E 
D e p e n d a b le w e ll g ro o m e d s te w a rd s , b a k e rs a n d g a lle y hands Top earnings tor Qualified personnel plus a d d itio n a l b e n ­ efits Rapid prom otion for proven a b ility 
M u st h o v e ow n tra n s p o rta tio n and te le p h o n e 
Some jo bs a v a ila b le fo r in ­ d iv id u a ls w ith p a s s p o rt a n d seam an s p a p e rs 
A ls o lo b s available on the East and West 
Coast and Alaska P ersonnnl in ­ te rv ie w at A R A S E R V IC E S , 
Junction of LA Hwy 24 and 316, 
G a ry , 
L o u is ia n n a . 
7o359. 
(5o4)876-o881 or I 8oo 535-5948 An 
Equol O pportunity E m ployer M-F 

Y E A R S O F A G E 
TURTLE CREEK CLUB AREA / 
DATA POINT 
WOODSTONE 
^ 
GARDENDALE 

618-PART TIME 

WAITRESSES 

 apply in person 

Little Red Barn 
Steakhouse 

1836 S. Hackberry 

SAN ANTONIO INN 

EXPERIENCED 

WAITRESS 

Needed immediately 
• A ny shift 
Call Gene 

655-422o 

PART TIME 

SUMMER TIME 

EMPLOYMENT 

DELIVER M ORNING 
EXPRESS 

6-TO APT. HOUSES 

I Vt to 2 hrs. Each A.M. 

AREAS: 

EVERS and WURZBACH 

PINN OAK and OAKDALE 

Profit according to size of route 

CALL 1o:3o AM-9:oo PM 

6 7 3 -1 4 6 7 

 an equal o p p o rtu n ity em ployer 

Part-time earnings afternoons M onday F rida y— any 
45 minute period between 3 :3 o p .m .-5 p.m. and 
Saturday & Sunday m ornings . . . any 4 5 m inute period between 5 :3 o a .rn.-7 :o o o.m . $ 4 o -5 o m on­ thly. Plus, win prizes, cash, trips, m ovie passes, and tickets to local events. 

 lf you ore close to one o f the above locations coll 

MARK TACKETT 

2 2 5 -7 4 ! I , Ext. 124 

Before 5:oo p.m. 

A fter 5:oo p.m. Call 

6 9 o -8 9 4 5 

An Equal O p p o rtu n ity 
Employer 

NEWS CARRIERS 
WANTED 

Routes available in your neighborhood. A 

 hom e delivery route w ith established cus­ 

 tom ers. Use your e x tra tim e — to earn e x tra 

 cash. 

Sm all Routes fo r Boys an a Girls 

Som e M o to r Routes fo r Adults 

M ust H ave G ood Tran sp o rtatio n 

W . W hitm an - W. Pyron - W . Southcross - W . 

Rayburn - Pleasanton Rd. & S.W. M ilita ry 

Drive. For Info Call 2 2 5 -7 4 1 1 , Ext. 121 before 

5 - a f t e r 5 call 9 2 3 -1 6 2 3 . 

An Equal Opportunity Employer 

 i f * * 

HELP WANTED 

MISCELLANEOUS 

* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 

 loop 41o at San Pedro 

SUMMER JOBS 

M ale or Female 

$ 1 9 o Per W eek 
Apply at 
Ramada Inn 

Monday, May 9, 
, 

Tuesday, May IO 
1 
11 a.m. or I p.m. or 4 
] p.m. only i 

♦(No phone calls please) [ 

J 
DIVISION OF WEAI i 

COUPLE NEEDED 

AS HOUSE PARENTS 

For o qroup Foster home for boys. Centrally located in San Antonio, Tx. Good salary and benefits. 

Presbyterian 

Childrens Home & 

Service Agency 

2 2 4 -1 7 5 6 

62o-HELP WANTED 

MISCELLANEOUS 

IMMEDIATE 
OPENINGS FOR 

FULL & PART TIME 
SECURITY 
OFFICERS 
N o e x p. necessary 

Must apply in person 

918 M an o r Dr., 

Suite 1o5 

CARRIERS NEEDED 
DO YOU: 
NEED TO EARN UP TO $ 2 o o .o o A MONTH FOR 
HRS. WORK EACH M ORNING* 
MUST HAVE RELIABLE TRANSPORTATION! 
M ORNING ROUTES OPEN IN: 
NORTH OF LOOP 41 o 
PERRIN BEITEL 
CALL 
NACOGDOCHES 
6 5 5 -7 2 o 4 

WINDCREST 
6 S 8 A1L32o 
BABCOCK 
CALL 
BANDERA RD. 
6 7 3 -1 2 8 7 

SOUTH OF LOOP 4 1 o 
THUNDERBIRD HILLS 
, Q . 
. 
A 
ROLLING RIDGE* 
o o 1 - 1 7 9 4 

UNIVERSAL CITY AREA 
TO 
CAMELOT — KIRBY 
CALL 6 5 5 -6 8 5 8 
San Antonio Express 
A n Equal O p p o rtu n ity E m p lo ye r 

DISPLAY MAN 
N eeded to display furniture 

• Must be bilingual 

• Good salary 

Apply in Person 

See M r. Gonzalez 

BELL FURNITURE CO. 

1o3 E. Commerce 

SECURITY POSITION 
Immediate Employment for Security 
Officers 

Training program now being offered for qualified applicants. 

Must be avoiiable for various shifts. 

CAN YOU QUALIFY? 

Interviewing Monday-Friday 8 am 6 pm 
No Phone calls 

STANLEY SMITH 

SECURITY INC. 

211 W. Olmos 

I q u al O p p o rtu n ity E m ployer 

PASSPORT INN 
Accepting applications for: 
Laundry Room 
House Person 
Room Attendants and Restaurant 
Personnel 
Call for appt. 
6 5 3 - 9 1 1 o 

J 
A L L E M P L O Y E D 
I E A R N U P TO $ 5 .o 7 PER HR. 

| 
National company needs 
I 

Men and women to work in marketing and installation department. 
N o experience necessary. Will train. 

 lf 
In te rv ie w By Appt. O nly 

7 3 5 - 6 1 5 1 

I 
I 
I 
I 

SAN ANTONIO INN 

Needed immediately 

NIGHT AUDITOR 

 and 

DESK CLERK 

Call Kathy 

655-422o 

WANTED: 

Supervisor 

Over 21 years of age. G ood driving Record. 
W orking with young people ages 13-17. Need station wagon 7 passenger or van 

CALL PETE 8 2 6 -6 8 7 8 

An Equal O p p o rtu n ity Employer 

HONEST ENDEAVOR 
This is th e o p p o rtu n ity VOO V d re a m e d of. D riv e a n e w cor a t our e x p e n s e , you can g e t $ 2 o o o m onth a llo w a n c e . O re .* the best w a y possible a t our e x ­ pense. 
Can you g iv e us 
4 o hours a w e e k o f honest e n ­ d e a v o r? Can you m a k e er m e e t w ith $ 2 ,o o o o m onth: lf this sounds o u trag eo u s to you, save yo u r tim e ond ours, lf this is w h e re you w o n t to b e . . 
See us M o n d a y M a y 9 a t I p .m . in Room 4 1 9 
L aQ u in ta M o to r Inn, 
A irp o rt East 
3 3 o NE Loop 4 1o ask fo r M r. Burch 

62o HELP WANTED 
MISCELLANEOUS 

SUMMER WORK 
$19o PER WEEK 
CALL 341-22o5 

’ SUMMER WORK 

S52Q- j SW A ir Systems needs 16 trainees 
I to start work im m ediately due to 
' expansion 
I ‘ No Experience Necessary 
; ‘ Rapid Advancem ent 
: Coll for in tervie w 656-533o_______ 
T E LE P H O N E SO LICITO RS fo r home im provem ent.. Colt 532-3197 
T E X A S A R AA Y G U A R D H as 
| part-tim e opening: AAulti-channei 
O perators; Telephone Installers; 
“ Telephone R e p a irm a n ; C ooks; jA A e ch o n ics; 
S w itc h b o a rd 
J Operators. W ill tra in w ith pov 
512-226-2o1o. 
W A N TE D APARTAAENT House 
AAaintenance AAan. F o r 7o U n it 
I complex, knowledge of pool etc. 
Call 349 8o65____________________ 

WANTED 
T ire C hanger. F u ll tim e w o rk, m ust have own tra n s p o rta tio n , ond neat appearance 681-153o 
Want Husky Local P a rt or F u ll­ tim e College Student truck driver. 
Comm ercial license. No Smoking 
Good Pay 
F IS H E R 'S 145o NE 
Loop 41o. 
54oo WA RE HOUSE-555o exp or tra in e e need 6 to d a y . S a ra h 
732-2191, 25o1 W est Ave. Jobs 
North Inc. Personnel Consultants. 
We’re loking fo r in d ivid u a l w ith drafting experience, and a good w orking knowledge of basis math 
S a la ry c o m m e n s u ra te w ith qualifications, w ill train, apply in person only. G ary Pools 111 NE 
Loop 41o. 
■ 
W RITING SKILLS 
Lite exp. for top co. 56ooo 
Call Rick 828-6494 
NEW DAY PERSONNEL 
Consultants 9o1 NE Loop 41o 

622-DOMESTIC 

DAY CAMP COUNSELORS 
SWIM TEAM COACH 

SWIM INSTRUCTORS 
16 and over. Apply C entral YMCA 
9o3 N. St. M ary's. 

DELIVERY 
Must hove own car, neat appear­ ance. salary plus gas. 
Call 
734-2754 

OELIVERY PERSONS 
F o r M o th e rs D ay W e e ke n d . 
LAVER NE'S FLOWERS 344-3423 
OISPLAYERS N E ED ED 
HO M E A C C E N T D ECO R INC 
Needs displayers to give in-home d e c o ra to r show s. I t's fun and 

NEEDED 

.Agreeable handyman to ( work in motel. 
Must 
►drive car. No age limit. 
Gateway Motel 

6735 Hwy. 9o West 
6 7 4 -5 7 1 I 

I ex ec u t iv e" ! 

I ★ Housekeeper | 

| ★ Relief Clerk 
| 

 m apply in person only 
£ 
Albert Pick Motel I 
Im 
96 NE Loop 41o j 

B a b y s itte r needed fo r 3 young children, Castle H ills area, pay 
SI SO p e r h r, p r e fe r m a tu re woman for day and eve.ning sit- ting. References please 342 2681 
C H IL D C A R E 
A N D 
HO USE 
KEEPING , M onday and Wednes­ day 9:3o-3:3o must speak English, 
[tra n s p o rta tio n n e e d e d , re fe r- 
, ences, 684-2681. 
[G E N E R A L H O U S E K E E P IN G 
! ond Care of Children, 633-21o8 
L ig h t h ou sekeeper fo r e ld e rly’ woman, 5 day week, m ust hove jo w n tra n s p o r a tio n . 344-3414. 
I 8 3o-4:3o doily. 
__ 
I Live in housekeeper, babysitter, j fam ily of 5, 698-2688. 
_________ 
I L ive in M aid, p riv a te q u a rte rs . 
'H o u s e k e e p in g and c h ild care. 
696 5323; 684-2427; 225-6561. 

M a in te n a n c e m an w ith la rg e a p a rtm e n t com plex. P lu m b in g , electrical and heating experience e s s e n tia l. 
L o c a l re fe re n c e s required. 
Apt turn. 
Apply 
116 
Vanderheck 

FU RN ITU RE DR IVER 
Build your future with our young 

NEED EXTRA M O N EY? 
Lo ca l m oving c o m p a n y needs la d y p a c k e rs p o r t tim e . 
E x p e rie n c e no e s s e n tia l, w ill train Must have car and phone. 
333-333o 

PORTER W AITER 
E v e n in g w o rk h o u rs 5 pm -12, m ust be experienced, neat in ap p e o ra n c e , good p e rs o n a lity , re fe re n c e s re q u ire d . P le a sa n t work, salary 52.3o an hour + tips, apply in person only, Bow leram a 
Lanes, 4719 Blanco Rd 
R e sta u ra n t su p e rviso r needed, m ust have knowledge of food cost control, expense control, personal tra in in g , and o th e r re la te d re ­ s p o n s ib ilitie s , s a la ry open, no night or Sunday work, paid vaca­ tions, insurance and retirem ent. 
A pply 
H.L. 
Green 
3o1 
Alamo 
Plaza. 

62o - Help Wanted 

Miscellaneous 

AP A R TM E N T M A N A G E R ANO 
ASSISTANT MANAGERS N E E D ­ 
ED. G rea t N o rth s id e lo c a tio n . 
Good salary, plus apl 
APARTMENT JOBS OF S A. 
828-9196 
Employment Consultants 
AP T MGR exp re tire d couple p re fe rre d tor sm all lu x u ry apt 
341-1262, 342-4442 

W ailers anil Waitresses 
Ho experience necessary. Ideal tor college students. A pply after 
3.3 o p m 131 NE Loop 41o N a n ­ tucket Lobster Trap 342-9969 
W AITER S, profession! only, up to 
535o a week, apply 9-1o am , 1o39 
Northeast Loop 41o. 

A P T. S E C U R IT Y O F F IC E R S , 
Needed Experienced p re fe rre d . 
G ood s a la ry and b e n e fits . 
APAR TM ENT JOBS OF S A. 
828-9196 
Em ploym ent Counselors 

{ ■ ■ ■ ■ ■ ■ ■ ■ ■ ■ ■ ■ ■ ■ ■ ■ I 
, AUTOMOTIVE RESEARCH ASSOCIATES 
.J; is accepting applications 
Monday thru Friday 8:3o-1 I a.m. for 
TEST CAR DRIVERS 
^ for night driving 

Must be 25 years or older, have valid Texas driver's 

S license and good driving record 
5 
P ersonnel O ffice 
H 
5 4 o 4 B andera Rd. equal opportunity employer M / f 
__ 

■ h m n u 
H 
H i H i W 
E 

DEALER WANTED 
SEGUIN, TEXAS 

D ealer w anted in Seguin, Texas, lf you need extra cash 
114 or 115. Jim Harris- please call collect 2 2 5 -7 4 1 I Ext, collect in San A ntonio 6 7 4 4 3 6 2 . 

You w ill be a dealer representing the Express, servicing 
Home D elivery customers in the M orning ond Evening News. 

• EXCELLENT INCOME SUPPLEMENT FOR SOMEONE LIVING IN THIS AREA. 
• NO EXPERIENCE NECESSARY 

• GOOD TRANSPORTATION REQUIRED; CAR TRANSPORTATION 

ALLOWANCE 

• BOND REQUIRED 

• GROSS PROFIT $5oo.oo 

• W ORK I HOUR IN A.M. I HOUR IN P.M. 
This is good for working fam ily or retired persons. an eq u a l o p p o rtu n ity e m p lo y e r 

 u c L M iu iv i snow s. tun ana ___, 
.. 
, . j 
I profitable Car necessary, 21 plus. grow ing com pony M ust be 
Call 
673-o659 tor m ore e xpe rienced ond fa m ilia r w ith inform ation 
San Antonio area A ll Company benefits F urniture Corporation of 
Am erica 4742 Dodge St. 656 6o55. equal opportunity em ployer 

Monaqer Trainees to learn excit­ ing new business w ith N a tional 
Firm . Call 656-8646 

DRIVE CABS 
18 up! No recent tickets! G loria 
824-o227 Job Placements Em ploy- ment Service 5316 San Pedro 
D R IVER 
572oo4- 
Top co. needs you now! 
Call Rick 828-6494 
NEW DAY PERSONNEL 
Consultants 9o1 NE Loop 4)o 
D riv e r w anted, dependable, re- sponsible, hard worker. 147 Ralph off 8oo Noga Ii Iqs . 

GARDNER 

MILITARY TRY THIS 
P art time positions for northside re ta il stores. Some re ta il e xp e r­ ience preferred Polygraph exam required. Age over 21 preferred 
A pply in person Don s & Ben s 
6oo3 West Ave, at Loop 41o 
M UST know how to use pow er to o ls , k e e p a goo d y a rd a n d m aintain s p rin kle r system . F u ll time, 4o H r.week. 
Jack Scott or M r. Howard 
WEDGEWOOD APTS. 
67o1 BLANCO RD. 

Need m embers for ROCK BAND. 
Call 656-5137, Dennis. 

EXCELLENT Ant MnVnVnnnr. I G R O U N D S K E E P E R 
I CARE TA KER -FuII tim e, varied position Experienced only. Good salary 4- benefits 
AP AR TM E N T JOBS OF S A. 
828-9196 
Em ploym ent Counselors 
E x p e rie n c e d H om e C le a n in g w orkers and Crew Leaders need ed. Apply at 817 E. Euclid. 8 om s pm weekdays 
E x p e rin e c e d T ru c k D r iv e rs 
Wonted 492-2146 

 o u td o o r ch o re s, C a nyon L ake 
[ facility living quarters available. j 341-3334 ext 43._________________ 
H A ND YM AN 5 days, m ust have d rive r s license Apply 9-4 Town- house Mole! 942 NE Loop 41o. 
HIRING 5-7 people im m ediately. 
Top storting pay 6S6-5332_______ 
52 75 HR C ASH IER- HOSTESS g re a t jo b to r m a tu re p e rso n . 
Rosie 732-2191, 25o1 W est Ave 
Jobs 
North 
Inc 
Consultants. 

Need sharp person tor warehouse w o rk 
F a m ilia r w ith o ffic e procedures, sh ip p in g -re ce ivin g , filin g orders, m ust be am bitious and accurate. 3432 Copeland Ask for Mr. Hein. Equal O pportunity 
Em ployer. 
PART TIM E E M P LO Y M E N T 
Car and phone helpful. D aily pay. 
Peokload Tem porary Service 51o 
N. Main. 225-6o2o________________ 
P E R M A N E N T P O S IT IO N to r 
Reliable, m ature couple Must be experienced in a pa rtm e nt m a in ­ tenance and o p e ra tio n . R e fe r­ ences Reply to Box 132o3. San 
Antonio, Tx. 78216 

Live-in m aid, n o rth sid e fa m ily , seeking to em plo y dep endable woman to do general housekeep ing. Would live on prem ises for 5 days a week. Must be able to con­ v e rs e in S p a n is h , re fe re n c e s required. 342-2127 
Need fu ll tim e b a b ysitte r for IO month baby in N orth Star M oll a re a . M o n -F ri. G in i 349-2136, 
494-74oo Sat-Sun only. 
Need older, m a tu re w om an for child care in my home. 3 hours daily, several days a week, prefer i eferences Coll 436-2414 8om-2pm 
R E N T -F R E E Apt. in exchange fo r in fa n t c h ild c a re . 5 days a week. Ret. 533-o42o after 5. 
Sitter tor bed patient experienced, live-in full tim e, 59o a week or part tim e live-in, speak English, call anytim e 674-9492. 

W AITR E SS<ASH IE R fo r w o rk at c o u n te r a n d g r ill, e v e n in g s 5 p in 12, m u s t be e x p e rie n c e d , re fe re n c e s re q u ire d , p le a s a n t w o rk . 52.3o p er hour and tip s , apply in person only, Bow leram a 
Lanes, 4719 Blanco Rd w a itre sse s needed 146 N. w w w h ile R d 
A p p ly b e tw e e n E l 
Jacalito 6am-4pm. 

ASSISTANT MANAGER 
9o Unit apt complex, p a rt tim e, no children. 342-32o9 9 To 5:3o Mon. thru Fri. 

ASST MANAGER 
L o c a l n o rth s id e c o n v e n ie n c e store has im m ediate opening for a ssista n t m an a g e r. M u st have some cash re g iste r expe rie n ce . 
P o ly g ra p h exom re q u ire d . A ll com pany benefits. A p ply in p e r­ son 6oo3 West Ave at Loop 41o, 
Don's & Ben's 

Beeline 
226-23o31 mmutmm 
^T ELEPH O N E SOLICITORS 
Carpet cleaning trainee, $2oo to 
53oo per week, m ust have late model Van or Truck, 684-313o 
CASHIER HE LP, 52.3o per hour, I 
2o-4o hours p er week (evenings ond weekends). Stop N Go, 2o4 E. i 
Rhapsody Or 

P art tim e jobs 
595 a week 
F ull Time Summer 
Positions Available 
519o per week 
F or inform ation call 

341-22o5 

CAIL 275 1666 

CASHIER 
M ust work Saturdays. E xcellent b e n e fits . 
A p p ly in p e rs o n 
M ENG ER SMART SHOP, N orth 
Star M oll 
■ r j ' i i ' j ' 'nrirz;" fXPRCSS AND N IWS 

C o unter and W arehouse help, some h e a vy liftin g . U n ifo rm s , paid holidays, vacation and m ajor medical. Coll 736-1892___________ 
C O U P L E W A N T E D fo r M a n ­ a g e m e n t of 24 u n it c o m p le x 
Southside. Free rent plus sm all allowance. Call 222-2287 

WILL TRAIN 

N e e d e d Im m e d ia te ly 
G ood S alary + bonus 

A p p ly in Person 9 -1 I a .m . 
1 1 5 1 4 Jones M a lts b e rg e r 

Exp. Front Office 
Casfiiep Room Clerk 
5 d a ys a w eek 
C o n ta c t M r. 
R o b e rt 
M a u rtn s b e tw e e n 
9om-Spm M ENG ER HOTEL 
In FHI vacancies le ft bv prom o- nnrth.irto 
^ lions The right men who qualify j i m hove a good o p p o rtu n ity to od 
°,Pe11119 .,£56_ 7f29 
.... ypnee into m anagem ent All ap- r i n u i n u o jp lico nfs based on personal inter- lA u n lU n lu 
I v,ew ro,her ,han Das> experience. 

56oo ROUTE DRIVERS 19oo exp. 
P erron rill or co trains. Sarah 732-2191, 25o1 e 'W e s t A ve 
Jobs N o rth In c . 
Personnel Consultants. 

Wanted: Lady to live-in w ith el­ derly couple, reference. 569-2285, 
Pleasanton, Tx__________________ 
W anted: Neat lady 5o-6o, "unim- cumbered with d riv e r's license, to keep house for man in country. 
! 512-457-2498. 
_______ 
Young execu tive desires live in m aid. Send resum e to E xpress 
^ e w s J B o x j|4 o 9 ^ 7 8 2 9 T ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ 

624 SITUATIONS WAFTED 

A ccu rate ty p is t, C h ris tia n lady will babysit in your home E xper­ ienced 7 yr cashier, can do office w ork, I year exp. 2 job reference. 
349-4966. 

IMMEDIATE OPENINGS 
FOR 8 MEN 
SALES-CASHIER 
Have many openings in different departm ents! Need today! G loria i 824-o227 Job Placements E m ploy­ ment Service 5316 San Pedro 

A college grad B S. in business, 
[seeks ca re e r w ith y o u r co. (or i info, call 
Lam alcom 
653-751o 
9am 9pm 

S E C U R I T Y O F F I C E R S 
Apply in person: 
-1414 C e n te rv ie w , Suite 16o 9 > 

Active senior citizen needs work 
B ackground of Real Estate and 
Int De 655-7377 

Beeline fashions needs 3 stylists .-S i1-6?37451 lor °P P..1.____________ Service Station help wanted Ap in this area Q ualifications: like ; IN TE R N A TIO N A L ESCORT AND my (n person to 72o3 Blanco Rd people, love clothes, have ca r, 'TO UR AG EN C Y is off and r u n - ------------------------------------------------------ 
21 + . No investm ent required. Call ning. We have the clients, BUT we 
226-23o3 for m ore details 
[S till need a ttra c tiv e la d ie s fo r e s c o rts . H ig h p a y , e x c e lle n t working conditions 
Coll David 
349-486) 

Shaklee N atural Vitam ins, spare tim e sales business. 684-456o 

FASHION TWO TWENTY 
C o sm e tics-p a rt tim e a v a ila b le 
M ature woman only Coll 344 189) 
I I F L O R IS T e x p e rie n c e d o n ly , needed imme$JjqL9)y. 73?-6886 

1,ooo's of Jobs- 1oo's of choices 
Qualify now. earn and learn 
GO ARMY 222-8812 or 653 o892 to n f ast results 
RI ACT TOUR WANT AD 
IN THI EXPRESS NI WS 
CALL 325 1666 

1.ooo's of Jobs- loo s of choices 
Qualify now, earn and learn 
GO ARM Y 222-8812 or 653-o892 
EXPRESS AND NfWS 

Adult child care in my home, West 
A ve-Vance Jockson. 342-44o1 
I A.F. Vet. 21 yrs, w ill do auto tune 
I ups, your hom e, d a ytim e only. 
; F a ir price S E 
S.W. and West. 
S P C. Student 333 o452. 
AGE 17-Wilting to work hard. Like to work with anim als or plants 
69o o574 after 4:3o. 
'A m b itio u s '77 G rad, w a nts lu ll tim e job for Summ er; Exp P a rt­ tim e sales Clerk. 534-8857 Ext. 2o8 
M r Flores._____________________ 
Antique Refinishing Lei me bring your prized antique to life. Call 
. 5 1 3 - o 6 7 5 . __________ 

E i m m l a w s b o h u s a p s 
A lines 
TEXAS SIZE SAVINGS. . . IOpays 
# 

NON COMMERCIAL! 
CANCELLABLE 
WITHOUT 
RATE CHANGE 
2 2 5 - 1 6 6 6 
QUICK RESULTS! 

 t24 smmimn whim sinmTmws wnwttD t?4 htmtbiib m ath 
162* sitiiatiims wanteo 

A rt m in o r, J yrs college a nd 9 yrs. sec exp to assist in te rio r designer as trainee-sec.; 922-1594 
Babysitting of a ll ages, washing and I would love to w ork at a day care nursery school close to m y home, for full tim e 927-6878 

• A degree in psychology. Good w ork experience. Call 696 o491 

B ilin g u a l s e c re to ry b o o k k e o e r/i ty p e SO -6oW PM , 1o-key a d d in g m ach dictaphone. P a y ro ll, g u ar tarty tax reports Can read, w rite and type Spanish N o tary Public 
Compose letters P re fe r JSOO mo plus 4327437 

1977 G raduate, looking tor job in a n u rs e ry , c h ild c a re c e n te r, I type 
58W PM. lim e shorthand 
333-79o8 

G ra d u a tin g fro m h ig h s c h o o l,, need full tim e a rc h ite c tu ra l job con assist, re-do a r c h it e c t u r a l! pions. run b’ue-line m ach 
343-o785.__________________________ 

G raduating senior needs full tim e su m m er e m p lo y m e n t on N o rth I west side of town in food services ] or store sells <95-3355____________ 
G rocery sacker a tte r school end : sum m er hod a little experience 1 
343-5481 

P o rttim e lig h t w ork only 
8 y rs experience as stock records clerk fo r A F 
C o n tr a c to r s r e tir e d a rm y e xp e rien c e d in p ersonnel w ork 434-1869 

P a rttim e office w ork needed for college student Would like hours i-5pm . Con type, file, etc. 648 3517 
P a r t t im e p u b lic r e la tio n s o r s e c r e ta r ia l w o rk d e a lin g w ith p ublic, 16-15 hours o w eek, m o lu re and experienced 344-3787 

I H ord " ® rh «r - “ "V type of factory 
Seeking work in this field 341-8363 days or evenings 

Bookkeeper desires sm all sets of books to keep at hom e 
P a y ro ll, 
O tr re p o rts e tc 
P ic k u p a n d d e liv ery , call o fter 7 sop rn Tues- 
F ri. 653 6718 

 w o rk , e le c tro n ic a nd m e c h a n ic in c lin e w illin g to le o rn o r w a r ­ ehouse or route d e liv e ry 435-3836 

B ookkeeping 
F C th ro u g h sta 
♦ements All payroll, including tax deposits. P ort tim e m ornings de­ sired 532-5635 Anytim e 

H o rd w orking te e n o g er desires s u m m er w ork 
W illin g to le o rn trode Coll Steve 344 258o. 

Bookkeeping, p arttim e M a tu re d , fully experienced, N orthside only 
341-3o6o 

B S 
D e g r e e , c n m m p ilo t in s tru m e n t sin g le m u lti e n g in e 
87o7 B72o, fit e n g in ee r, Tx tech cert 684 5734 

Con type 55 w pm . know different c a lc u la to rs , file . E x p e r ie n c e d student needs lob 434-6196 
C a p a b le , responsible, c onfident s tu d e n t d e sire s s u m m e r w o rk 
V a rie d interests; any w ork situo hon 
Experienced w o rke r tik e s to deal with people Outside w ork fine. Allen 654-6751. 

C a r p e n te r ’s H e lp e r, 3 l'« 2 y rs exp, from foundations to roohng- o ls o e x p o ilfie ld w o rk a n d chem ical 1-663-5629 

C e r t if ie d P u b lic A c c o u n ta n t w a n ts p a r t-tim e e m p lo y m e n t. 
533-9665, ofter 13 noon 
C H IL D CARE in m y home New b orn to 6 trios., 2 to 4 yrs V alley Hi a rea . 674-9479 

C L E R IC A L W o rk 
H a v e som e c o lle g e in a d v e r tis in g a n d ac counting Type TO. filing, record keeping 658 411o 

C o lleg e G R A D w ith BA P u b lic 
Adm inistration seeks A d m in istra ­ tiv e A ssistant position 
P ro v e n record 
Resume upon request 
534 1992 

College graduate w ith sec retaria l trainin g w ill do typing In home on m o n th ly b a s is . C o n ta c t 
4843 
W ordsw orth, SAn Antonio, 78217 le g e 
S e n io r- 
P s y c h o lo g y 
M a io r- B iology M in o r s e e k in g w o rk 
I have job e x p e rie n c e in other areas. H ave v arie ty at skills a n d in te res ts 
W ill c o n sid e r a ll 
Otters. 649-2o63. 

C o lle g e s s tu d e n t, c h e m is tr y m a io r. top student, J y rs, e x p e r­ ience in vet clinic, crea tu re s g re a t a n d sm all w ants s u m m er job in lab o r yet clinic. 826-1864 eves. 

C olleg e Student w onts fu ll tim e lob D ays P re fe r cashier, clerk I, childcare. 924-19o2. 
College Student in special w eifo re fie ld desires p a rt tim e job w o rk ­ ing w ith senior citizens 696-8S27, 
Sandy. 

College student desires full tim e su m m er em ploym ent H ave own tr a n s p o r ta tio n A v a ila b le a fte r 
MOV 12. 695-3355 

Hord working young mon desires w ork rn one person office, good 
With num bers and typing w ill a c ­ cept work in S A or P ort A ransas 
E xp 349 821o 

H as had e xp e rien c e w o rk in g in post office Looking for w ork in post office, or any of the bases, civil service or firm s with m oil dept 432-6o56 

P a rt tim e w ork needed bv sum ­ m er school college girl 
E vening em ploym ent f o r info 
Coll 
344-7315 

P ay ro ll; accts rec or due; type file 
3o% V A d isa b 
P re c lu d e s prolonged standing. 653-451o 
P B X sw itch b o ard , ty p in g 5o-6o, tilin g . a ll c a lc u la t o r s , tra n s c rib in g , g eneral o ffice ro u ­ tine, full tim e. Sum m er. 696-17o6 

P h i B e ta K a p p a . M a g n a C um 
Laude graduate of T rin ity u with s c ie n c e b a c k g r o u n d d e s ir e s p ro fe s s io n a l lob in e d u c a tio n , m anagem ent or soles 6S5-2758 
P H O T O G R A P H E R w a n ts (Ob w ith od oge n cv -re o tto r. W ill o r cept trainee position 
V eteran. 
226-o5o4 

H ove w arehouse exp and V W m ech exp b o ile rm a k e rs h e lp er exp. I am 24 yrs need w ork badly 
H ord w orker. 922 8494 
High school girl wants job in of­ fic e , has hod som e e x p e rie n c e doing office w ork 333-4349. 

H ig h school g r a d u a te , need o sum m er lob before going to col­ lege Can type, do g en eral office work 223 1274 

Housekeeping days, experienced with references, hove cor 
224-o846 

'77 H S G ra d u a te w an ts job in 
Cashier-Sales P re fe r N orth S tar, 
Central P ark M oll a rea . 824-o919. 

H S Senior A rc h ite c tu ra l M o to r 
Desires Sum m er Job w ith Archt textural F irm . 344-6o23 
H u s b a n d w ife te a m 
R e tir e d wants Asst. Apt M g r 
P a rt tim e only 
No M a in te n a n c e - A v ail 
June IS. Call 337-7164 

P o te n tia l E m p lo y e e . D e s ir e s 
P rofessional e m p lo y e r (w ith Imi­ ta tiv e )!!! 227 9425 
P r in te r (h o t ty p e -c o m p o s itio n , lock-up. type setter, floor w o rk) • 
(C o ld ty p e p o s te -u p , a r tis t ic - la y o u t, p o s itio n ) c o m m e r c ia l, newspaper, can relocate 734 5887 
Production control. Supervision, a n a ly s t, tra in in g , c o o rd in a tio n , planning, scheduling, expediting, ext. 25 y r*. 349-7758 
P r o g r a m m e r I, s h a rp s tu d e n t with 2 years schooling and 5 years o p e r a tin g e x p e r ie n c e d e s ire s p rogram m ing position 656 3218 

W ant mb os s itte r or toke care sick or elderly person Holt day 
534-2141. 
W on! light housew ork and stay w ith e ld e rly la d y , a b le bodied 
M o n -F ri, *3 8 w k 
A v a ila b le Im m ediately W rite M rs . A 
M o rek 
222 St Thornton St G am e te s Tx 
78629 
W ont light ty p in g in hom e W ill nick up m ateria! Call 333-6439 

A U TO M O TIV E 
San Antonio E X P R E S S -N E W ?— 
Sunday M ay 8 1 9 7 7 

7o3 726 FOBf IGW SPoBTSC8BS 
Fo8EI6W SPo8TSC8BS 
782 726 FOREIGN SPo8TSCA8S 

W ont to work on surveying crew , or as ju n io r d ra fts m a n , I hove fin is h ed v o c a tio n a l d r a ftin g in school 655-1o64 
W ant work cleaning office s ta rt, nursery. 927-23o5 
W ant work in any fast food s e r­ vices . 436 o4o6. 
W a re h o u s e m o n o g e r , e x p e r ­ ienced in on phases of w arehous­ ing Inventory control, com putes recd outs and etc. 674-8357. 
W ill babysit fro m m orning lo af ternoon, w eekd ays only 
Phnne 
223-461o Southside of town 
W IL L DO E X P E R IE N C E D Baby 
Sitting or Dishw asher. P lease call 
922 5325. 
W ill toke core of elderly person. 

 have references. Call 333-o7 a o 
'97 

W ould like a P o rte r's job in the afternoon. Hove no c ar, w ill ride bus. 226-2142 
W ould like b a b ys ittin g Job. Neil 
Arm strong A rea. Call 623-157o. 
W ould like live in job w ith semi invalid W ill do light housew ork, sim ple cooking 
I'm SO yrs. old. 
Liberal salary. 
W eekends off. 
674-3o78 

P ro g re s s iv e E m p lo y e e d e sire s professional em ployer 
Coll 
227-o53o 
Radio, T V , public relations, a d ­ vertising. m a rk e tin g 15 vs. exp in c lu d in g S ale s, M a n a g e m e n t 
A vailable June 15. 344 1825 

R e c e n t 
B S 
B io lo g y T h B 
(R eligion) science or religion po- sition 222-9913 
I am a student looking for a full tim e lob this sum m er W illing to learn p arttim e now 698-2736 
I om willing to w ork as a trainee tor a carpenter or pain ter. I have some experience, W ayne D ic k e r­ son. Call 333-8618 
I do b a b y s ittin g in m y h o m e 
Horlandole-M c 
Cullom area. 
922-31o4 

I'm looking for S ecretarial work 
Hove 2 yrs exp Con do all office lobs except shorthand 344-7418 

Recent college graduate in Busi ness A d m in is tra tio n a n d E con am ies in seorch of m an ag em en t or m arketing trainee position 
736-8288 
Recent college g ra d u ate, b rig h t, a rtic u la te and e m in e n tly educe hie Desire job w ith potential for grow th and advancem ent. W illing to w o rk h a rd an d long fo r the right em ployer 696-1857. 

I'm looking for o job w ith young people I have m y Red Cross c er­ tific a te , also hove N u rs es Aide tra in in g Love to w ork w ith ch il­ dren with m entol retardation. 
433-1912 

Recent High School graduate de sires full tim e or port tim e office w o rk; steno: IOO W P M tvoing:S o 
W P M . 227-2617. 

I need to w ork near m v hom e, no c a r 1 8 'j old school r e c r e a tio n some custodial 
Dov tim e dutvs 
922-972o 
I w ill be a bus boy or I w ill do 
Kitchen work 673-3981 

C ollege student to p a in t houses tim sum m er 
Reosonbabie 
Coll 
349-863o 
C o lleg e student w ants s u m m e r lob experienced in Arch. dra ftin g , stock room and bog-boy 655-9254 
College student would like to have a ttic e w ork, sales clerk w ork or soles cashier. 432-6448 
C o m p u ter o p e ratio n s w illin g to tra in , exp on o29 cord punch, IB M 
5496 Data R ecorder. IB M System 
3. basic on cobol and 
R P G ! 
432-6448 

C O T A. seeking full or p o rtim e e m p lo y m e n t E x p e rie n c e d . C oll before 2:oopm. 658-1513. 
Counselor- in te rv ie w e r! M as ters d e g re e in counseling 7 yrs. ex- c e r ie n c e in fa m ily c a s e w o r k , r e h a b , c o u n s e lin g a n d hosp s ocial w ork. W onts fu ll or p a r t­ tim e job. 684-5562. d e p e n d a b le m a tu re M a le -G e n . 
O ffice w ork or Sales clerk. E xp. in 
C oto Processing 922-9o24 
Dependable, M a tu re Lady wishes p o s itio n in o ffic e w o rk 
E x p e r ­ ienced and also a 
N o ta ry 
922 8475. 
D E P E N D A B L E Y O U N G G IR L 
L O O K IN G F O R W O R K . M O N 
F R I Call 674-236o. 
D e p e n d ab le k in d lad y w ill c a re fo r the elderly full tim e 5 doys on bus line. Con not live-in. 735-8952. 
D en m ature w om an desires posi­ tion os florol designer tra in e r or receivin g clerk E xp. 333-8744. 

I would like to find a steady 1ob as painters helper, or roofers helper 
Need job desperate, no tra n s p o r­ tation. 312 Borette Ave. 
Just graduated from U valde Jr 
College w ith a D a to -P ro c es s in g d e g re e . Also had a E le c tr o n ic course 341-76o8 
K -P o p e r a to r a n d w a r e h o u s e m an, 
3 yr exp. in receiving 
533-7oo7. 
L a d y w an ts w o rk 
E x p . in c a ­ s h ie r, food s e r v e r , c a f e te r ia , nursing aide. No live-in 225-4834 la n d s c a p e a r c h it e c t s tu d e n t n e ed s s u m m e r job. A v a ila b le a lte r M ay 15th 494 3934 
Last year in high school, absoil; te ly m ust h a ve job, w are h o u s e w ork, stockm an w o rk, a lm ost ony hours. 333-44o6. 
Law n work w anted in N-Son A n­ tonio Call C raig 342-7429. 
L e t M e C leon Y o u r P o o l! H S. 
Student with exp m aintains pools 
2-3 tim es w eekly 
M o re , 826-6524 a tte r 4. 
Liberal arts college graduate de­ sires fu ll-tim e w ork w ith o p p o r­ tu n ity tor a d v a n c e m e n t. A v a ila - ble im m ed ia te ly Coll 681-o291. 
Looking tor W arehouse w ork, or helper on C arpen ter, or P lum bing w ork Coll 924-2527 
Looking fo r b o o k ke e p in g w o rk 
P r e fe r r a b ly in a b a n k 
E x p e r ­ ience I ' 2 years 337-4o76 

R e lia b le Y o u n g L a d y to k e e p children, record keeping, filin g . 
Office experience 661-295o_______ 
Responsible young V etera n with 
B A degree would like chance to tra in tor a c a re e r position Some travel. S A based No intangible sales please 696-5276. 
Ret A ir Force Sgt desires full or p a rttim e job Clerical or soles No cor. 337-8o65 nights. 
Ret USAP Sgt. needs full or part tim e iob 
No C a r 
Not a fra id of hord work 337-8o65 
SAC s tu d e n t w a n ts b a rte n d e r-tra in e e p o s itio n has some experience Coll 653-627o 
S ecretarial position w anted. Type 
5o-7o W P M 
S h o rth a n d 8o-1oo 
W P M 
Northside please 
Phone 
342 1797 
Secretory bookkeeper to July 3o or w ill do typing in m y hom e P O 
Box 5472. 
S e c r e t a r y p o s itio n w a n te d in 
S o u th e a s t a r e a 
C a n ty p e 5o w ords H a ve 2 yr of college and experience 648-1367. 
S e c r e t a r y . T y p e 5o-7o w p m , shorthand 8o-1oo w pm N orthside 
Please. Coll 342-1797 

Seeking S e c re ta ria l position in 
S o u th s id e a r e o . E x p e r ie n c e d . 
Avail, in June. 337-6857. 
S e e k in g S u m m e r J o b 
H a r d w o rk e r, good salesperso n, exp. 
P refer job in adv deal. E duardo , 
333-1o66 atter 5pm. 
Senior C itiie n : No SS o r R e tir ­ em ent, good health, done Public 
Relations jobs. advertising, c re a ­ tive positions in T X . 822-57oo. 

Looking tor a c le rk job 
I'm ex ­ p e rie n c e d in filin g , a n s w e rin g p h o n e , lite b o o k k e e p in g , v e r y sharp 
2644 A ckerm an Rd. No. 
8o8 

D e s ir e A u to m o tiv e o r M e d ic a l 
S e le s -8 y rs Lo b w o r k , 5 S a le s , 
M o s ier of Science 661 7ooo 
Desk Clerk, a rt backgrond. w o rk ­ ing w ith people. C annot qualify for typing, shorthand. 826-8332._______ 
O IS A B L E D -A g e 19 
W ou ld lik e a n y king of w ork. Coll 734-9789 
Dishwasher helper 
534-612o 
D R IV IN G Long Haul 18 yrs exp 
Cleon record, w ill relocate R eady to go. 433-5o72. 
E d ito ria l, re se arc h a ss istan t or receptionist- secretary E xp B A. in English. 828-4153 

E D P -D a to re d u ctio n Job: M a n ­ agem ent or prgr.- a n aly st, m oth degrees, 
7 yrs exo 
(N S A ). 
923-3861 
E ld e r ly bu t h e a lth f u l, e x p e r ­ ienced in advertising. W rite 2815 
£ Houston St., Apt. 2, City 782o8. 
E n e rg e tic , honest, high school b oy w ould like job as d e liv e r y boy. w arehouse h e lp e r n u rs e ry w o rke r, etc Gets along w ell with people. 342-5654. 
E x c e lle n t B -a b y s ittin g in m y borne. V ery clean, F t. Sam A rea. 
828-6695 
E x p b a b ys ittin g in hom e 5 o r 6 hours or J days. m a id w ork B a n ­ d e ra a rea . L a c k la n d , p ick u p or n e ar bos. 435-3644. 
E xp Clerk Typist: G en eral office w ork, type 57 w m . O w n Tronsp, 
B ilingual, p re fe r 
N E a re a 
658-9247. 
E x p d e liv e ry , a u to p o rts , m e ­ chanic. gos and some diesel exp. 
N eed to work on Southside if pos­ sible 
I have transportation. 
635-8525. 
E xp dependable m a tu re fe m ale 
P B X 
Light typing, S tart im m ed 
Northside 735-459o, 433-5292 
E x p e d ie n c e p lu m b ers h e lp er, I y e a r e x a e rie n c e a t St. P h illip s 
College. 222-9888__________________ 
E xperienced T V R ep airs. Color, 
8 & W , solid state, or tube. *3.5o hr. no com m . (P e rm a n e n t). 924-6739 

E xp e rien c e d Stage A ctor. D o n ’t re au ire much pay, used to w o rk ­ ing long hours. 532-592o. 
E x p e rie n c e d C a s h ie r W a itre s s 
D ay shift only. Call 223-5677. 

E xperienced Sales Service Rep is in need of full tim e w ork, to sup­ po rt her two children. 342-3417. 
E x p e rie n c e d s e c re ta ry p a rttim e perm anent. Northside. 494-6792. 
E x p e rie n c e d d e n t o s st, X -r a v a b ility , needs sum m er lob, re fe r­ ences available. 
656-5247 or 
824-2781. 
E x p e r ie n c e d d r iv e r -s a le s m a n needs soda w ater or beer route. 
532-9282___________________________ 
Experienced light truck and low- m o to r o p e ra to r, seeks w o rk of ony kind. 53.oo hr. 533-7847________ 
E xperienced assem bly p ro g ra m ­ m e r soon to become unem ployed 
V iet N am Vet. Also p ro ficien t in cobol, apl. 658-3317 
E xp W arehouse M an and re ce iv ­ ing clerk 
Need 4o hr w ork week 
No Night w ork, 2 y r * 
69o-o421. 

Looking for p a rttim e w ork as ca­ shier or w aitress. W ill w ork full tim e During sum m er P re fe ra b ly on Southeast S A. 648-2678. 
Looking for lob in audio p roduc­ tion in radio station, sound studio, etc. H ave some experience H ave 
3rd class lice n se , re fe re n c e s if necessary. 344-6o53. 

Situation w anted ony b ra n ch of­ fice. 4o years experience, no typ m g, steno but m otor booking and correspondence. 342-o79o. 
S S. in R estaurant M anagem ent 8 yrs food s e rv ic e E xp . D e sire s p o s itio n in 
In s t itu tio n M o n - agem ent age 37. 826-73o7 
STOCK C O N TR O L O ve r 25 yrs 
Exp. E nergetic, im aginative and knowledgeable 
Avail, im m 
R ef 
826-6987. 

W ould like to tra in as M a n a g er. 
G rad u a te June I, con s ta rt the 
2nd. 
349-9318 Mon-Sot, ask for 
Jon. 
W ou ld lik e w o rk a t r e c re a tio n center, YM CA or office 661 295o 
W rite r Photographer, public re la ­ tions. B S d e g re e jo u rn a lis m , broadcasting, new spaper exp 
732-9445 

© 
VOLKSWAGENS 
NEW ’7 7 ’S 
ALL MODELS 
SAVE!! 
ON SALE NOW 
SEE US BEFORE 
YOU BUY! 

 rn 
O N E OF 
T H I FASTEST 
SELLING IM P O R T S 
. STATION WAGONS A r n 
- 
. 
COUPES. 
1 9 7 7 
SUBARU 

STANDARD 
SEDAN 
$ 3 
2 
2 
o 
Flus Tux, Title I license. 

USED CAR SPECIALS! 

‘7 4 S U B A R U W agon.........................'1 8 9 5 
'7 3 S U B A R U Sedan .........................* 1 7 9 5 
'7 5 V W 
"la Grand" B u g....................‘2 8 9 5 
'7 5 V W 
Camper, Pop Top ( 2 ) ........... ‘5 4 9 5 
7 6 B M W 
2oo2 . . ..................... 
‘6 9 9 5 
'7 4 H O R N E T Hatchback, auto., oir 
.‘ 1 9 9 5 

'7 5 V W Hobbit ............................... * 2 8 9 5 
7 3 V W fastback, oir 
‘2 3 9 5 
'7 4 V W 
o asher W a g o n .............................. ‘2 5 9 5 
7 6 P IN T O 
2 dr , 4 speed........... . . . * 2 5 9 5 
'7 3 C H E V Y 
Nova, standard, oir ....... ‘2 o 9 5 

'7 4 L U V Pickup...................... 
* 2 1 9 5 

7o2 726 FOREIGN SPDBTSCABS 
7o? 726 FOREIGN SFORTSCARS 
7o2 726 
FOREIGN SPORTSCA_RS_ 
ROD EAST VOLKSWAGEN ® 

N O BETTER CAR.. N O BETTER PLACE TO BUY... 
14o2 NE LOOP 41o (EXIT At NACO G O OCHK NO ) 
» 
828-12o1 

NORTH LOOP VOLKSWAGEN 
SUBARU & BMW 
^ 
4623 Fredericksburg Rd. 732-7121 
V» ' 
Aero** from W o nd erland a t Fredericksburg Rd. 

Y A R D M A N -P A IN T E R 
M O V IN G F U R N IT U R E 
435-82o3. 
17 year old m ale needs job under high school O JT p ro g ra m in order to earn high school diplom a Has m echanical a b ility , h e a lth y and strong. 
Has transportation 
673-2457. 
26 y ea r old m ole 
4 y rs college desires night w ork 12-6am. 5 yrs experience in radio broadcasting 
I yrs experienced rn Com m unity social work 
434-o239. intervention. 
Call 

IS y e a r old w a n ts la w n w o rk . 
Highland Hills a rea 337 668o 

16*'j year old wonts either full or p arttim e sum m er job or saturday re g u la r. C o m p e te n t, h a r d w o rk ­ ing, and reliable. 824-8853. 
Y o u n g b e g ln e r 
A c c t .-B k p r , desires w ork in Accounts Rec or payable 
628-13o7 night, 673-6178 day*. 

Young Christian W om an w ith exp as receptionist, office, sales, de sires position. 699-1o77. 
Y oung, e n e rg e tic , g ir l 
W ill do w ork in s ec retaria l field W illing to learn and experience anytm g new Able to type and use dicta­ phone 675-2618. 
Young exp C ash ier T e lle r wants full tim e lob and security P refer day tim e shift. 924-1925. 
Young M on looking fo r building m aintenance. 3’6 yrs. exp IO exp. in plum bing 623-1418 

Young teenoger, age 15, needs a job as babysitter or sales lodv No experience 228 9o81 
18 yr old auto m echanic helper. 
Sum m er job and p a rttim e afte r school in foil, w ith IC T . 661-7761. 
24 Y r old fe m a le w a n ts job in h u m a n r e la tio n s fie ld . 
B A , th e o lo g y , p s y c h o lo g y ; s o m e counseling s k ills . T y p e , s h o rth ­ and, good w ith public. 
Call 
699-oo57. 
25 yrs. experience in supervisory 
D a ta P rocessing a c tiv itie s Call 
Louie, 922-361o. 

7 o 1 
ANTIQUES COLLECTORS 

Antique, classic CAR A U C T IO N 
Sunday M a y , IS 
T E X A S T R A N S P O R T A T IO N 
M U S E U M 
Consign your cor for sale 
11731 W etm ore Rd. 225-2681 

M U 

■67 C A D IL L A C 
R e d c o n v e rtib le , body p e rfe c t, new paint, S1495. 736-o453 
1969 C A M A R O Z-28. Good condi­ tion. Best ofter. Call: 342-3375. 
1929 C H E V R O L E T 
C o m p le te , 
4-door 
Sedan. 
$7oo. 
673-1o28, 
675-233o. 

Slock w ork also bus boy 
432-3837 
S tu d e n t a g e 21 m a jo r in g in e le m e n ta ry ed u ca tio n a t U TS A w o u ld lik e w o rk d e a lin g w ith young children, but can do other work also. 434-2954 

M a c h in e shop e xp . good h e alth 
H S 
G ra d . s in g le , a ls o e x o in roofing, c a rp e n te r h e lp e r, tru c k d riv e r, prefer tra in ee or learning position. 19o6 Texas. 

Student a t John M a rs h a ll w ould lik e to w o rk in a h o s p ita l, in 
M edical Records. 684-8412. 

M A N 28 yrs- Looking for job as p a in ter’s helper of general labor of ony kind. Trans - bus. 733-7862 

Student needs sum m er full or p a rt tim e em ploym ent Type 6o wpm 
N e ar bus lines. A fter 4:3o pm 

M a tu r e d e g r e e d 
Business-Econom ic-Religion m a jo r seeks job w ith c om m uni- ty -s m a li b u s in e s s f i r m . S e n t to: AJA, 919 Highland, Cit7. 7821o. 

Student seeks m ach. d ra fts m a n lob. Com pleted 3 years drftg. port or full tim e. 533-o712 otter 4pm . 
533-o712 
Student wants p art tim e evening lob as typist, cashier, PR w ork 2 yrs. Experience. 333-3646. 
Moture experienced person wont p a rttim e bookkeeping or re ce p - lignins! lob 684-5247 

Sum m er work for school leacher, sales, c ash ier, recep tio n ist, lite type, good phone voice. 828-7837. 
M oture Lady. com panion, adm in a s s t, c o lle g e , u n e n c u m b e r e d , m gr., ontique-gitt shop, 7o wpm 
822-17o3. 

S U P P L Y S U P E R V IS O R w ith 26 veors experience in supply and storage desires to begin second career. Call 349-o9o3. 
M a tu re wom an desires p a rt tim e bookkeeping position. 2 Y rs e x ­ perience type 5o wpm . 927-52oo 
M a tu re 42 yr old M a le 
A d m in . 
M a n a g e m e n t- L i b r a r y w o r k . 
U T S A G R A D BA -H u m a n itie s . 
H ave Adm in, b a ckground, types 
7o. Shorthand, types IOO. 656-3661 

S y s te m s a n a ly s t 
B u r ro u g h s 
35oo167oo. 22 Y rs. W ork exp. 17 yrs. Supv exp. Some college. Sal 
$1o,ooo UP. N. « . M oen, 658-1495. 
Texas A A M G rad with degree in a rch ite c tu ral design desires p e r­ m anent position. 492-9632 a fte r 12. 

M ay graduate and hoping to get a lob coving at least *1oo w k. Am reliable and seeking job in cash re g is te r C a sh ie r (e x p e rie n c e d ) restaurant 922-4822 

M a y 77 g ra d u a te of St. P h illip s 
College Vocational School, m a jo r­ ing in Deisel M e c h a n ic s , seeks w ork in thot field Age 23. 824-8127. 

M ed Assi*. 26 yrs. old, 5 yrs. exp. in jec tio n s , d ra w blood. E K G 's , 
X -R a y s , p h y s ic a l th e r a p y , la b , receptionist, and assist 
D r. 
922-9225 
M e d ic a l ass istan t, c le ric a l c lin ­ ical. 227-9955. 

T e x a s C e r tifie d F ir e F ig h te r seeks em ploym ent with a d e p art­ m ent in this a rea . 623-3614. 
Texas University M echanical E n ­ gineering junior desires sum m er work in engineering field. A v aila ­ ble M ay 16th. 494-5428. 

T H R E E T e e n a g e G ir ls w a n t su m m er jobs. E xp . b a b y s ittin g , light housework. 433-5475. 
4th y r. accounting m a io r would like p arttim e w ork in that field. 
674-7162 
T R IN IT Y G raduate seeking c art tim e d a y w o rk w h ile o b ta in in g 
M B A from UTSA. Exp. 342-7925. 

M kt m gr or m eat cutter 25 yrs. experience in all phases of retail m eat m kts also buying and dis­ playing and m erchandising. 
1-438-7299 

Trin ity graduate looking for lob related to com m ercial o rt, photo­ g ra p h y o r Business w ith o p p o r­ tunity for ad va n c em e n t 
I have w ork experience in these fields. 
735-3766. 
M o te l o r hotel w o rk . C le r ic a l, ; tr in ity senior needs sum m er job some front desk experience. Ex 
Derienced with 4 years in large hotel. 
Full tim e or p a rttim e . 
655-539o 

 com puter-m ath m a io r. G en office or com puter related w ork. 
661-38o2 

M o th e r Of 2 young c h ild re n d e ­ sires parttim e bookkeeping w ork w ith sm all business, p re fe ra b ly . 
Universal COV area. 658-oo68, 

T r u c k d r iv e r . C le a n r e c o r d . 
T ra cto r tra ile r driving school and 
7 mo. g a * rig exp. 684-8815 ask for 
David. 

N eat, dependable, recent nurse- a id e g r a d u a t e , d e s ir e s e m ­ ploym ent in nursing home or ho­ spital, references. 222-9o5o 

T u to rin g , e le m e n ta ry c e rtifie d , 
$8.oo per hour. 492-2228,__________ 

E x tre m e ly desperate for full tim e s u m m e r job 
P r e f e r food a n d drink industry. 
Responsible. 
333-1383.___________________________ 
F e m a le age 22 w o n ts m e d ic a l c le rica l job, type 6o W P M , 1o-key, m e d ic a l term inolo gy, c e rtific a te of c om pletion fro m St. P h ilip ’s 
College. 927-6oo8 
_____ 

Need o draftsm an? w ill graduate 
M a y 27 and in need of s te a d y drafting job Hove 3 years of High 
School training. 
Call 
M ike 
673-o3o5. 
Need full or porttim e gen office, in c lu d in g 1o-key by touch and posting type 35 W P M . 532-2523 
Need Job os m aid for school or apt complex. 
E xperienced. 
434-1186___________________________ 
N eed job w ould like to w ork in college I dept. store or g ro c ery store 
No 
________ exp, but w illing to leorn. 923-1647. 
Need typing or office w ork. N ancy 
732-441o. 

T y p in g in m y hom e. 6o W P M • e le c tric ty p e w rite r. D ictap h o n e experience. 
Call atter 
Spm 
494-7138 
T y pis! 6oW P M . p re fe r e ve n in g hours 1opm -6am o r llo m -7 a m . 
Lite bookkeeping. 673-3192 
_____ 
UTSA Freshm an g irl, 18, desires fu ll tim e e m p lo y m e n t d u r in g sum m er month and p a rttim e d u r­ ing fail school term . V ery reliable. 
P le n ty r e fe r e n c e s . C a n ty p e 
5oW PM. 684-55o5 

Need work bad, bus boy. package boy short order cook evenm q or night shift. 
W arehouse w ork. 
333-44o6 

UTS A G ra d u a te , B A 
H u m a n e tie s , M a le , 42, a d m in , m a n ­ a g e m e n t e x p e rie n c e IO y e a rs . 
Ty p e 7o, s h o rth a n d IOO 
W ould like m anagem ent or lib ra ry posi­ tion. 
E ager for lib ra ry job. 
656-3661 

F e m a le to w o rk in v e te r in a r y c linic, gen. office and lite clinic experience. 828-4913. 

Need work in O phthalm ic Photo grapby or as O ptom etric Tech. 3 y e a rs A rm y e x p e rie n c e a nd I y ea r O ptom etry School. 774-o492 days (leave m essag e); 826-1491 evenings 
_____________________ 

U T S A . 
S tu d e n t, 
B io -c h e m m a io r , c o m p u te r e x p e r ie n c e . 
Something in line of m a jo r. 
455-4865. 
UTSA Student needs p a rttim e lob 
IO y ea rs w ork exp in in v. cont, accts, p a ya b le, pers. cost s erv , order entry, traffic cont ond syst. 
681-o896 
FLORIAL HELPER 
923-o182 

[N E E D W O RK v e ry bad. P re fe r 
IS a t-S u n s , CO O K o r w h a t h a v e 
; you. Please coll 222-2o49. 

Fo r ja n ito r or lig h t d e liv e ry no route 
Hove c o m m e rc ia l license k n o w little p lu m b in g w illin g to i f 
I * ?■ w ork. 534-o656. 

Need w ork w ith A C C o m p a n y , college student who is looking for r e s id e n t ia l equipm ent. 733-8154 

V e te ra n , single, 25, high school graduate, wants a job as a guard, s to re c le rk , o r w are h o u s e m a n , available im m ediately 732 929o 

F R E E 
Lance 
712 7o7o 
F iddler for hire 
N F 
High Student seeks sum m er lob 
Some clerk and bkpg exp 

V ie t N a m V e t w ith B B A -M a n - ag em e n t looking to r p e rm a n e n t fu ll-tim e e m p lo y m e n t in M a n ­ agem ent field. W ill tra in 736-1278; 
228-2122. 

F re ela n ce illustrator- d ra fts m an la y o u ts , p o s te rs , h e a d lin in g 
F ra n k G uoiardo. 223-8647________ 
F u ll or p a rttim e lob; m in im u m w age, light typing; filing, answ er te le p h o n e s ; or b a b y s ittin g o r soles w ork 342-8151_______________ 
G en eral office w ork D ays, no rth ­ east, need I week notice. E xper- lenced, 657-o971.___________________ 
G en eral office or day core center w ork desired bv high school girl graduate, for sum m er 69o-8316. 
Gen office 5 yrs exp. bilin gual, perm anent parttim e 2o-25 hrs w k, day w ork only 735-2828___________ 
Good W orker wonts lanitor w ork or something im thot line. Call 
223-141o 

' Can type 
655 9579 
A fter 4 w kdavs, Pat, 

Office clerk, m ature w om an likes p a p e r w o rk , r e c e p tio n w o r k , m icrofilm ing, oddressogropb. no typing 674-4883______________ ____ 
One girl office- Type, IO key, file, 
P ersonnel, p ayro ll m a n ag e m en t experience R eferences. M o tu re, 
Single. 826-2266____________________ 
O perations m a n ag e r, en erg e tic , d e g r e e , e x p e r o ffic e m a n ­ agem ent, trainin g, m anagem en t, in fo r m a tio n , fo r e ig n m ilit a r y soles. 695-8948____________________ 
P arking lot ottendent, handym an, or p o rttim e d r iv e r lig h t tru c k 
(Senior citizen) 675-o523__________ 
P arttim e after school. 14 hr elec­ t r i c a l tr a in in g o r s to r e h e lp 

V N v e t, M 
S s y s te m ', m a n a g e m e n t, s e p a ra te d A p r il '77 from A rm y- searching for oppor­ tunity com m ensurate w ith ability. 
658-8657. 

1948 Chevy 2-door Fleetline Aero 
S e d a n . 
S o u n d ! 
L o a d e d . 
85% restored. 
D riv e anyw here. 
1-625-2915 
Classic 1957 Chevy 4-door Sedan 
V ery good condition. *12oo. A tter 
5: 684-6218. 
E ld o ra d o 69 C la s s ic . M e d ia n ic a lly r e s to r e d . A ll n e w . A ll receipts and g a u ra n te e s a v a ila ­ ble. All pow er, in te rio r p e rfe ct. 
B e a u tifu l. 
B e s t c a s h o ffe r . 
828-6771 ofter 5p.m ., or a n ytim e weekends for appt. 

TORTO1 
LARGEST 
NEW & USED VOLKSWAGENS 
& HONDAS IN SAN ANTONIO 

+ 
* 
+ 
U S E D C A R S 
P 
E 
C 
I A 
L 
S 
* * * 
I? MONTH OR 12,ooo MHE MECHANICAl INSURANCE AVAIl- 
ABIE ON MOST USED CARS FROM MOTORS INSURANCE CORP. 

O N DISPLAY IN O U R S H O W R O O M 
1 o S S ROLLS R O VC 8 T O U R IN G 
1 9 3 3 R f N H Y C O N VER T IR U 

76 VEGA,NOMAD WAGON 
* sp e e d , rad io 3 .D o o m ile s ................................... . . 

WIA# D C C T IC green, 4 speed, AM FM f o V W DCC I Le radio, air conditioned, one o w n e r, 1 4 ,o o o m iles 
.............................. 
76 VW BEETH a ir c o n d itio n e d 
. 
76 VW RABBIT DELUXE MODEL a u to m a ­ tic transm ission, a ir con d itio n ed , 1 5 ,o o o m iles 
76 VW RABBIT 
75 MERCURY MONARCH S transmission, power steering, power brakes oir rondttiootd rod«o. wkitfi sidewoHs, 2O,Oou miles 
75 DODGE PICKUP 
Gold. V-®, autom atic, ro- 
,'o w m ile a g e , v e ry 

75 VW CAMPMOBIIE POP TOP KST;-. o ir c o n d itio n in g , r a d io ................................................ 
75 VW BEETLE 
^ 
« 
^ tondl,,oned'/. 

T A n A C U C D re d , 
2 -d o o r, 
4 -s p e e d . air con- 
/ f f U f l j H t K d ro n e d AM-FM ta p s .............................. 

• T O C l r A AK I L l A CC W h ite w ith block v in y l top. 
I i t i L A M I N U 3 3 4 5 4 VB. a u to m a tic tra n s ­ m ission, p o w e r steerin g , p o w e r b ra k e s , o ir con­ d itio n e d . A M /E M , n e w w id e o va ls , m a g s ............ 
73 HONDA CIVIC HATCHBACK speed. a ir c o n d itio n e d .......................................................................... 
T 9 /s ix 4 t l l M f l l I C y e llo w , au to m a tic tra n s m it* 
I i U K A N U V I L L t s i o n , p o w e r s te e rin g , p o w - e r b ra k e s , 4 d o o r h a r d to p ................................. 

‘2995 

.‘3595 
.’3595 

‘3895 
‘3495 

‘3495 

.‘3895 

‘5795 

2 6 9 5 
‘2895 

 s3o95 

‘1895 

‘2195 

73 PONTIAC GRANDVILLE CONVERTIBLE 
B ro m e w ith w h ite top. 
V R , au to m atic transm ission, p o w e r s te e rin g , p o w e r b ro k e s , oir conditioned, ra d io , w h ite s id e w a lls , p o w e r w in d o w s , doors ant) tru n k , tilt w h e e l...........................................................‘2795 

2795 

72 PONTIAC GRAND PRIX COUPE SJ 
M in t g re e n , V 8 , outom otic transm ission, p o w e r s te e rin g , p o w e r b rakes, o ir c o n d itio n ed , rad io . w h ite sidew alls, tilt w h e e l, cruise control, r o w e r soots, p o w e r w in d o w s . 
FM s te re o ., 
7 .o o o m ile s .......................................................................... 
72 DODGE ’/ j TON PICKUP s ta n d a rd 
T O C tran sm issio n , a ir co n d itio n ed , r a d io 
I / #3* 
71 VOLKSWAGEN SUPER BEETLE S % * u , c oc ra d io , ra d ia l tire s 
................................................ 
I 5 V 5 
7o VOLKSWAGEN BEETLE a ir c o n d itio n ed . . ‘115o 
DON’T MISS OUR LOW NEW CAR PRICESI 
VOLKSWAGEN/ 
HONDA 
13oo S.E. M ilita ry Dr. (Next to Mission Chevrolet) 
GMAC FINANCING 
~ , 
MIC INSURANCE 
924 -6 521 
MISSION 

■Si FO R D 4-door. Collectors item 
*895. Call: Dennis 222-o986 
'4o FO R D , 2 door Sedan, running ond licensed 695-8467. 
1949 Ford P ickup 4o1 Buick V8 eng., auto. Irons. M ags, big tires 
T in te d w in d o w s 
M u c h m o re ! 
*145o firm . Boerne: 1-755-4725. 
1951 Fo-d pickup ‘6S, 289, V-8 en­ gine. Autom atic stick shift, bucket seats. *795-333-7982 

'49 H UR ST O LD S , collectors edi­ tion. E xcellent condition, factory extras F irm . 528oo 826-1569 after 
4:3o p.m. 
1929 M O D E L-A Ford Sedan. *35oo firm . Call: 658-381o. 

■52 P lym outh 4-door Sedan. A -l, 
1977 sticker, license. N ew uphol­ stery, paint *12oo cash. 342-7877 
•7o P L Y M O U T H Super Bird 
1-owner, less than 1,ooo e ve r built. 
Custom paint. 44o, auto. a ir. *7ooo. 
658-o591 

1951 Pontiac E ig ht H v d ro m atic, new interior. 61,ooo m i. *12oo. 634 
W. Norwood. 732-13o3. 

195o Rolls R oyce B entley M a rk 
V I, excellent original condtion, no rust, new stainless steel m uffler system and ra d ia to r, full flow oil filte r , ru n s e x c e lle n t. H is to ry , ow ner's and w orkshop m a n u al, tools, 3 ow ners since new. Best offer over *1o,ooo. 342-493o._______ 
1*4 S tu d e b a k e r C o m m a n d e r. 
Looks and runs good! *695 6o14 
So. Flores 
■66 T -B ird . L o a d e d ! E x c e lle n t condition. *215o. 494-5891 

'65 T -B IR D . N ew point, engine, tires. 
*1695. 
225-2o91; eves: 
494-288o 

7 o 4 -A U D I 

'74 A udi 1ooLS, m u s t s e ll, a ir , a m -fm stereo tope, s h arp . Best 
Offer over *35oo. 656-3o24 

7 o 5 - 8 U 5T IB _____________________ 

•7 4 2 u !!s tin T M a rT r? a "^ o o 7 c o m r 
1o,ooo m i., A M -F M s tereo, eosv 
*17oo. 227-3165 or 534-oo68 

7 o 7 -C A P R I 

'72 C A P R I 2ooo, a ir 
P retty car, w ell m aintained 
*1295. 
736-8418 days; 
69o 9347 eves. 

The intelligent alternative. 

Take advantage of these savings and select your new laneia 
Beta Coupes and Scorpions at a special low price. A tremendous choice ... but for a limited time only. 

JAGUAR • MGB • MIDGET • FIAT • LANCIA 

IM P « M T 5 

182o B R O A D W A Y 
222-9121 

'71 C A P R I 4 c y lin d e r s ta n d ard . 
E x c e lle n t m ile a g e 
Lo o ks a nd drives great! 
S acrifice 
$1o75 
494-5o87 

■76 Capri ll S. 3-door, w hite-gold ext., blk-goid int. V6, H D Irons, clutch. A ir, P a n a s o n ic A M -F M cassette P ow er s te e rin g , under 
1o,ooo mi. *48oo. Rick or T e rry . 
828-o338 

C A P R I, ‘74. 
31,ooo m i. steel belted ra d ia ls, I owner. *245o 494-2116 atter $ 
73 Capri. M ust sell. P erfect con­ dition! Loaded 655-7o24 
72 C A P R I. New paint, new steel belted radials. M U S T S E L L ! Best offer. 494-1581. 
Capri 74 V6. Fully equipped, ex­ cellent cond. 
$295o. 
675-oo12; 
671-5261. 

7o8 • CORVETTE 

AA A 
A L L T v p e s -Y e o r M odels 
C O R V E T T E S , priced reasonably. 
699-1877 or 699-o294 
V E H IC L E S U N L IM IT E D 
75 Corvette All P ow er, a ir, L-82 with 4-sod L e ath er in te rio r, c a r­ pet. New radios, 28,ooo m i., AM 
P M stereo c as se tte. L ik e new. 
*78oo 691-1534 

G rad student wonts trainee job, I d elivery d river, student of South c o m p u te r o p e rato r or p ro g ra m : Son H S 923 38o1 m er 
Fulltim e sum m er, porttim e a tte r Call 734-833o 
CALI 225 1666 

W A N T E D 
Job in environm ental m anagem ent or planning in San 
A ntonio 
BA in E n v iro n m e n ta l studies. T rin ity U n iv e rs ity . Re- sume by request. 828-3722.________ 
W A N T E D : P a r t tim e w o r k -in 
F lo ris t Shop. E x p e rie n c e d , c e r­ tificate from Son Antonio College. 
532-9573.__________________________ 
W a n te d : p a rttim e job fo r high school student A fter school and on weekends. W ill w ork full tim e offer M ay 3o. 344-47o7.____________ 
W o n te d p o s itio n os s o c io l w orker. BA degree and case w ork e xp e rien c e Speak a little Soan- tsh. 922 1458______________________ 
W a n t fiv e days h o u s ec lea n in g 
Coll S32-494o. 

75 C o rv e tte C o n v e r tib le w ith hardtop, pow er, a ir, low m ileage, 
*7495 828-4718 
74 CORVE T T E C O N V E R T IB L E 
656-8974 

1976 C O R V E T T E . E xc e lle n t con dition! 4-speed, a ir, stereo, power windows. M ust sell. C a ll. Clyde, 
222-2774___________________________ 

'68 C o rv e tte , lo a d e d , e x c e lle n t condition. 349-7o34________________ 

76 C O R V E T T E . 15,ooo m iles, L 82 engine, 4 speed, loaded, *84oo or best offer. 735-521 1 8 to 5 M on. thru F n __________________________ 

73 C O R V E T T E , m ust SII! 
________ ISI *515o 679-7156________ 

75 C o rv e tte , re d T -T o p . Block lea th e r in te rio r, All options low m tleoqe Karnes City 1-78o-2515 

CALI 225 1666 

FREE CHAMPAGNE 

 ezzrf 

IN TIME FOR 
SUMMER VACATION 
The New Line of Champagne Busses... 

O 
N 
S A L E ! 

W e have several o f the new champagne line o f Volksw agen Busses in stock . . . and on sale. Y o u 'll love the nice appointm ent of these "C ham pagne Line" o f cars. Special carpet and upholstery. Special colors and trim. See us for the best prices. 

FREE CASE OF TAYLOR BRUT CHAMPAGNE 
Given With Each Bus During This Sale 

M I S S I O N 

Y 
O 
I v 
K 
K 
1 
V 
. \ 4 i i ; \ — 
I I O 
M 
» 
. \ 
13ooS.E. Military Dr. 
924-6521 

7o8-COWETTE 

NEW CARS 
Introducing the ’77 
Rabbit W ith 
Fuel 
Injection 

•Af Fort of Entry Flu* Tax, Till*, Ikon** 

V o lks w a g en ’s d o n e if a g a in . 
J hey vt mod* Hmm injertmn standard equipment on th* 1977 Rabbit- And that m*on* fester o<- 
(*l*rotion, easier start* ond a cleaner running engine. fu*l-inj*ction will ol*o mali* th* Rabbit cheaper to driv*. Sine* it doesn't need a catalytic converter* anymore, you'll be obi* to ut* the mo*t 
•ronomical grade of ga* 
So (em* on into our showroom ond tab* a look at our now fuol ini 
•(ted Rabbit And while you r* there, we con 'ell you about tho other b t change* and improvement* on the 1977 Rabbit 

USED CARS 

7 5 Y a m a h a Motorcycle Dirt 
Bike 

68 VW Squorobock standard 

69 VW Squorebork stondord 

 it s OPEL 

Rndio stondord. AM fM 

’ 7 o F U E W V P'tkup ti® laag 
I O v n t V I stondord 
6 

 cylinder ............. 

'7 5 O ID S £ 2 a 

 m ile*....................... 

Supreme, 
29,376 

'76 VW BUS L R T 'W S , 

 cu rtain *. 

4 695 

4 895 

*1o95 

41395 

42195 

*4595 

5 4 9 5 

• OTHERS TO CHO O S t F R O M n il iii lim > ■ min........... 

75 CORVETTE 
EXECUTIVE S CAR 

O W N E D 
BY 
C O R P O R 

A T IO N 
O N L Y 
2 2 .o o o 

M ILES 
E X C E P TIO N A L! Y 
C LE A N 
4 SPEED, ta p e 

D E C K , AIR, A l l EXTRASI 

CAIL: 661-5374 

5 o M 
P G 

* 2 , 9 
9 
9 
* 

C O R V E T T E S A lw ay* o few qood one* to choose from of the rio h t prices at 
CLASSIC CO ACH W O RKS 
114o7 Son Pedro 344 2o15 

'77 C o rv e tte , s ilv e r on s ilv e r . 
Loaded! Plenty nice. double new 
Best offer 1-428 1188 anytim e 
Corvette. 1974 T Top. fully eauio 
26,ooo ml., Silver. Saratoga tops 
Trode or *6875 494 62o4___________ 
75 C orvette W hile, v ery clean 
E xcellent cond. 11,ooo m i. *78oo 
735-o659, eves 684 3361___________ 
7 * Corvette, white T-iop" ISO eng . 
4 -s p d , d e lu x e in t e r io r . 
L o w m ileage Im m aculate *65oo firm 
652 3996 655 464/ otter 5pm. 
71 Corvette, 454, with oir, p o w e r 
; custom interior, T A 6o's, I ow ner, coll 6S7 o447____________________ 
C O R V E T T E . 
74 Y ellow 
E x c e ll 
C ond, going 
342-1786 overseas 
*61oo 

7 3 Custom C o rvette 
*7ooo. 35o cut, 4-speed. Con. 344-7349_______ 
‘76 Stingray 4-speed, fully loaded 
*87oo. 227-2281 ext 68, • to 5 ____ 

7o9 DATSUN 

’75 DATSUN 
PICKUP 

4 cyl., 4 spd., radio, clean. 
24,392 mi. 
#776oA . 

 a n c i l i a 
V V i n t o w 

 i 
FLORES AT MARTIN 2 2 5 -5 3 3 3 ‘ 

HONDA CVCO 

Hondo is the for and Mission is the plate lf you wont o fine, comfortable eronomy cor, Hondo is for you. And the best price ond service is at Mission. Drive out soon, 
•PLUS $ 2 o o FREIGHT 
Sh N ANTONIO S LARGEST VW-HoNDA DEALER 
MISSION 
HONDA/VOLKSWAGEN 

13oo S.E. MILITARY DR., 
924-6521 

 m n r 

•75 Datsun 821o, a yta, tiir , v in y l, to p , g r e a t s h a p e , *2 4 o o 
D a y , 
691-43o3;eve, 826-3364. . 

7 4 Datsun B 2Io 2 dr h a tc h b ac k , 
Oir, good cond. *25oo. 1-538-258o 
DA TSU N 
B RYSO N A U TO C E N T E R 
143o PAT B O O K E R 
U N IV E R S A L C IT Y 658-6271 
72 Datsun 12oo. 2-dr., auto 
Low m ileage, air, radio. 
Cleon. 
534-1519 
'73 D atsun 41o 
2-d r. 4-sp 
N e w tires, a ir, b attery, *2.ooo or best offer 532-1882 aff 6 

7 4 Datsun 71o 4 -s p d , very good cond. 
Looking for nice hom e. 
736-7374._________ 
'69 D a tsun S ports KOO cc7 low m ileage, new top. excellent pain t, 
SI6oo 695-3355 

DEMONSTRATOR 
SALE 
'77 VW BUG 
*326o 

• m 
. j w s r 
™ 
, l 
o 
o 
o 

NEW CAR SHOWROOM 
OPEN 9 A.M.-9 P.M. 
3 Year/5o,ooo Mile i 
Warranty Available 

•7o D a ts u n W a g o n , 
69 S im c a 
Wagon, need w ork, cheap. 
333-8152. 
74 
D a ts u n 
2 6o-Z 
A ir , 
P M , 
4-speed Michelins. $47oo. S harp! 
673 282B 
75 Datsun 28oZ Loaded, o rig in al ow ner must sell! *4995. E v e * and weekends 341 16o2 
1972 D A T S U N 24oZ 
:)26 9S6S. 695 8o.56 
One o w n e r 

■74 26oZ, a ir, am -fm casette s te r­ eo, new lacquer paint, new tires, m ags, re ar window louver, E a rly 
2-carbs, Korns Shocks, H e a d e r* w ith 
A b a rth 
E x h a u s t. 
C a ll 
828 3153 between 9 ond 6. 
‘72 24oZ auto, a ir, *25oo. 532-9316 atte r 6 and weekends 

71o FIAT_ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ 

' ALL F O R E IG N CAR R E P A IR 
Reliable Sport C ar S erv -R e p a ir 
Robinson's Sport C ars-R ep air 
8343 B RO AD W AY________ 828-1389 
74 F ia t 4>dr. Sedan. Good condi- tion 
C all D. C a rls o n : 826-8611 w kdavs 8 a .rn .-4 p.m. 

‘74 F ia t 124 4 d r w a g o n , 4sp d , radials, a ir, stereo, low m iles, 
671-539). 
'73 F iat 128, must sacrifice, 33,ooo m ile s , rad io , a ir , *13oo o r b e s t offer 691-143o aff 5. 
•69 F ia t Spider C o n v e rtib le . (35 m pg) Good condition 653 5849. 

69 F iat Spider 124, low m i, 5 on 
Moor, m otor excellent cond. $1o95 or best offer. 675-2186 
72 F ia t 128 W agon. R e al n ic e ! 
*65o Coll 333-8152. 
•72 F it 124 W agon, auto, a m tm , 
*995. 691-4372, I 535-4473. 

711-HONDA 

76 HONDA C IV IC , Clean 
Low M ileage, autom atic *2395. 
8oS N ALA M O 
226-3551 
74 HO N D A C IV IC H atchback, a ir, auto, I owner. 684-4694. 

USKO V O S K S W A G IN S 
— 
26 VWBUS a r s r - 
....... '5895 
1 2 VW B U S ™ . ................... ‘2 5 9 5 
’74 VW T H IN G ....................... ‘2 1 8 5 
'7 4 VW S U P E R S . 
- 
‘2 5 9 5 

'7 4 V W B U S a a a . ............... ‘3 8 9 5 

'7 5 CMC P IC K U P '*.,............... ‘3 9 9 5 

2 -'7 3 VW’s 
..................... ‘2 1 9 5 

’73 VW 
*1 9 7 5 

’7 2 TOYOTA » 
! 
“ ................‘ 1 2 9 5 
’72 V W o K “ ‘ " i ...................... ‘ 1 5 9 5 
*71 VW B U G ................. ......... ‘1 2 9 5 

Over IOO new & used car* in *lgcll 

 e x 
: 

USED CAR SPECIALS 

7 6 CADILLAC 
Ll 
Dorado 
Convertible. 
Binqimdy 
Metollii, 
While leather 
Interior. 
I lilly 
I nailed, 
16,ooo Mile* . 
. .‘15,5oo 

7 5 DODGE DART 
(ihlom , 
18,ooo 
Mile*. 
Power Air, 
6 Cylinder 
'349S| 

'75 TOYOTA CORONA 
? Door, Automotir, Ait, 
Stereo, 
18,ooo 
Miles, 
Magi 
‘34951 

75 PORSCHE 
VII S forgo, H,OOO 
Mile-, fully loaded . 
14,5oo] 

7 2 CHEVY 
El Comino 
Automotir, 
Power Air 
. 
26951 

76 VW 
Passenger 
Wagon 
‘5395 
7 
6,ooo Miles 

7 2 MERCEDEZ BENZ 
78o Sf, Automata, Pnwer Air, 
Hertrlt Window, 34,ooo 
Miles................... 
‘7195 

75 FIAT 
I 
174 
Spider, 
Stereo, 
■ 

TS OOO M ile s 
‘4395] 

71 AIFA-ROM EO 
Spider, 5 Speed. . . . 
3395 

76 CADILLAC 
Coupe Deville, fully loaded, In 
(Mina leolber Iii leant 
......... 
‘8695 1 

75 CHEVY 
Comoro It, Automotir. Pnwer Au, 
27,ODO Miles, Stereo 
Top.............. ‘4495 

77 CHEVY 
Sdveiodn, 
Pok Up. 
IWR 
Automata, Power, Air, Stereo 8 
Troth 4 ooo Miles. Chrome Bum per, White Spoke 
Mugs 
........... 
6495 

74 AUDI 
IOO IS, 2 Dom, 4 Speed. Air 
Stereo, Tape. 24ooo 
Miles.................................. 
*3795 

73 VW 
Kormon Chia, 31.ooo 
Miles............ 
‘2695 

76 PORSCHE 
914, 
2 o liter, 
Air, 
Vereo, IO OOO Miles . . 
‘7495 

75 FORD 
Granada Ohio, 2 Door Automotir, 
Air, Power, 
Stereo............ 
*3895 

„ 
75 PORSCHE i*14, 2 o S Speed APP 
Au, Stereo, 27,ooo Miles ‘6595 

NORTHWOOD 
PORSCHE-AUDI 

1 3 2 6 N .E . L o o p 4 1 o 

8 2 4 - 3 2 1 4 

715 MERCEDES BENZ 

MUST SELL! 
'76 S E L 4 *o . S un r o o f, a llo y w heel*, load ed. D a y * 226 * 1 2 ); eve* 
734-2213 

'47 25o SE, c lean, I ow n er c a r, 
*18oo 
629 1o27 
N ew 
B raunfels 
Braunfels 

SERVICE OPEN 7 to 6 
PARTS OP€N SAT ALL DAY 
Lone Star v o l k s w a g e n 
- 33o3 B- padway 
824 /311 
© 

‘7o 28o SL, a ir, excel, cond. Best 
Offer. 484-1218, 454 4o42 

75 Hondo CVCC, excellent cond!- hon, a real bargain at 52ooo. Call for extras 695 3494 or 691-1121 

1972 HO NDA S ED A N 
*1o95 
225 7111 
'75 Honda Waqon 4-spd , a ir, lug rack, 16,ooo mi $285o. 533 337o 

712 - JAGUAR_ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ 

T ^ F a T u a r ^ o r T r e M iib J e T fn c e ? 
$3695 1-423-3167. H arlingen_______ 
J a g u a r X J 6 , '71. Im m a c u la te condition! Must see to appreciate 
H as '74 model fro n t suspension and re a r suspension w ith positive traction O Souro 696 5132_______ 

J a g u a r X K E C o n v e r tib le '7 2 . 
G reen, V12, 4-speed. 3o,ooo m iles 
Michelm 
XAS tires 
1-773-31o4, 
P M 

J a g u a r '71 X K E 
V12, 2 plus 2 
New M ichelins, 3o,ooo m iles *5ooo firm . 696-39o8 atter 3 p m 

• 7 o o 

COMBINATION FACTORY-DEALER 
REBATE 

O N E V E R Y N E W 1 9 7 6 
OPEL 

LIMITED OFFER 
OPEN ’TIL 8 P.M. 

718 

FOR SALE 
72 M ^ B In excellent condition 
Call 
425-5967 
N ew 
B rounfet*______________________ 

■ti MOB "outsider ‘74 eng inside, ask for Coindreau, 453-6161, aft S 
I 625 1964 wknds__________________ 

■71 M G B 
V e ry good c o n d itio n ! 
*17 SO 681-1937 

'72 M G M id g e t C o n v e r tib le 
R a d ia ls , A M -F M , e x t r a n ic e 
*149*. 333-81*2. 

717-OPEL_ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ 

"mmmm^ T S o e T S T mi i W 
^ m m m 
Call: 133-8152. 
■69 Opel G T. 57,ooo m ile *, e x c e l­ lent cand *133o. 494-5786_______ 
. Mutt tell! Call: 

•72 Opel G T 
N ew p a in t, m a g s, topedeck. 
CB. auto., 
*25oo. 
344 SOSO 

1972 O P E L S PO RT C O U P E . auto a ir 
V e r y low m ile a g e . E x t r a clean 
Must sell. 
C all; 
Dennis 
222 o986 

NO RTH W O O D P O R SC H E A U D I 
1236 N E LO O P 41o 
_____________ 874 3214 
‘42 P orsche Coupe 

714-MAZDA. 

1975 M a id a Pickup, loadedTTTooo m acs Like new 53ooo 655 o251 

74 M o id a R otary eng , 19.ooo m i a ir, like new *25oo 684-9o18_______ 
73 M a zd a 
R o ta ry eng , 4 spa 
S td , J d r 
C oupe 
N ew p a in t, ra d ia l tire s 
V e ry d e o n . M u s t sell' First *125o. 224-5474, eves 
655 85o4_______ ___________________ 
73 M A ZD A RX3 wogon, a ir, like new 5195o 473-8S48_______________ 
73 RX2, 4 speed, a ir, 39 OOO m iles, e x c e lle n t cond 
B e s t o ff e r 
684 81 SO evenings 

715 MERCEDES BENZ 

1967 M E R C E D E S B E N Z 23o S I 
O rig in a l and im m a c u la te 
T w o tops 735 7274______________________ 

72 M ercedes 22oo. fully eauipped. 
56V9o 66 M ercedes 2ooD. new en gm e, tacfory a ir, 5425o 
Brouboch Equipm ent, 736 1659 

1967 M E R C E D E S 25oS. C le a n . 
53,5oo 
A N D 1969 M E R C E D E S 
28oSL. excellent. SIO.OOO 694 26o7 

IS 325- 1666 tXPOfSS ANO N IW S 

/A' 
& 
B U I C K CO. 
45oo SAN PEDRO 

7 
3 
4 
- 4 
2 
2 
1 

M i m s ben; 

•63 Mercedes 19o Sedan, c o m p le ­ tely rebuilt with 514oo in p a rt* in lost yeor *35oo 735-2571 _________ 

74 Mercedes 4So SL 
O ark blue, lo a d e d , good c o n d 
* 1 4 ,5 o o 
847-9)54 or 847-27oo._______________ 

M ISSIO N C IT Y IM P O R T S 
M E R C E D E S B E N Z Soles S ervice 
_ 382o SAN P E D R O 
736-2243. 

715 MEIWES BEN; 

Mission City Imports, loc 
Authorized D e ale r for M ercedes- 
Benz and SAAB 
382o SAN P E D R O 736 2243 

THI k U M b ii ?o CAU 
IS 2 25 -1 66 6 
EXPB'SS AHD N I 16/5 

N e w p a in !: new leather In te rio r. A ir. E x c e l- lent cond S45oo 225 5861 

PORSCHE 1974 e n s 
* speed, copper b ro w n m e ta llic leather interior, tinted glass, a ir, 
AN F M 8 t r a c k , fo r g e d a llo y wheels, c a rra stabilizers. *12,5oo. 
817-634 7481 

721 - SUBARU 

74 Sabaru, s ta n d ard , a ir, $1*95. 
Coll Manuel 341 9433_________ 

74 SUBARU SIG95 
4 door 
Sedan, 4-speed w ith o ir conditioning 
JAM ISO N M tr* Seguin 223-52o) 

722-TOYOTA 

 a L a M O ToY(!>+A 
" 
Across From A irp o rt 828-o723 i 
524 N E. LO O P 41o 
• '75 C ehca G T . E x c e lle n t, o n ly 
3o,ooo mi. 
*325o. w kends. 
344-6575 
_______________________ 

■75 Celled GT low m ileag e a ir / '! speed, am -fm , 494-6o13 
71 C E L IC A *148o .......... ... 
Or Best O ffe r— 224-4956 

74 C orona W agon. 4-spd., a ir , steel belted tire s, A M -F M . L u g - 
’ goge r a c k , 
4 o,o oo m i. 
I m . m aculate! *2895. 655-o788 

DOES NO T G U Z Z L E ! 
'72 Toyota C o ro lla 
"MOO". A ir , 
A M -FM , 26,ooo m ile *. N ew tire s, extrem ely clean. 
Auto. 
*1395. 
824 5o47. 

IF YOU CAN B U Y A B E T T E R 
B U IL T S M A LL CAR T H A N A T: 
D R E Y E R TO Y O TA 
B U Y IT 
Must Sell '77 Toyota C elica G D , lo a d e d 
$7oo d o w n , ta k e up oovments 824 8768 

CAU 225 1666 

P a g e 2 4 - D 
San A n to n io EX P R E SS - N EW S — 
S unday M ay 8 J 9 77 

7o2-726 - FORflGN SPOftTSCARS 7(12-726. FOREIGN SPGRTSGARSI 73o 743AUTOMOBILES 
73o743 AUTOWORIEES 
73o-743-4OToMoBILES 
73o 743ROTOMOSIEFS 
73o 743 AUTOMOBIEFS 
73o-743 MfTOMOBIlES 
73o 743-wmmingm.ES 

SAVE — SAVE 
W A S 
N O W 

’ 7 6 L A N D C R U I S E R f i h t l i «Tri* * 4 ‘p d : 
4 9 9 5 
‘ 4 4 9 5 

7 6 C E I I C A S K 
' J i r r ? : oi" . 5: ........ '4 6 9 5 
‘ 4 3 9 5 

7 6 P L Y M O U T H f o 
W 
- X 
. 
$ , o Q c o n ly 1 o ,o o o m i........................................... 
4 1 7 3 
O O 7 J 

D A U T I A f fire b ird 
C o u p e 
& 8 5 8 8 A, 
/ J r U l M I l A V auto., air, p o w e r ste e rin g , 
,4 1 Q C 
S O A Q C p o w e r b ra k e s, ste re o 
.............. 
4 * 7 3 w U / j 

7 6 C O R O L L A S X 
S L . T 
: ................ ‘3 6 9 5 
' 3 4 9 5 

7 6 F O R D p o w e r ste e rin g , air, 6* cfJ[!fmou,“ '. 
3 6 9 5 
‘ 3 3 9 5 

7 5 F O R D 
3 6 9 5 
‘ 3 2 9 5 

7 5 C E I I C A 
4X 85 7o, air, ste re o . . . 
. . . 
3 4 9 5 
‘ 3 2 9 5 

'T C M C D f l S D V M o n a rc h C o u p e , 4 F 8 5 9 Q A , 
/ J m t K v U r V I auto., oir, p o w e r ste e r- S O C Q C 
* O Q Q C log, p o w e r b ro k e s, v in y l t o p 
....... . o j Y J 
* ' 7 3 

’ 7 *3 A l f l C C u tla ss 
‘5* 
C ou p e , 
» 8 5 3 8 A , 
T O U L U J auto., air, p o w e r ste e rin g , 
S O A Q C 
* 9 C G C p o w e r b ra k e s, v in y l to p . . . ........... 
O U / J 
* o 7 J 

7 6 C O R O L L A C 8 2 7 8 A , r a d io . . . ........... 
2 6 9 5 
* 2 3 9 5 

’ 7/1 7 U D V C I C O N e w p o rt. » 8 4 4 5 A , auto., 
/ *♦ v i m 
I ) l i n air, ra d io , p o w e r ste e r- 
7 7 Q C l O O Q C ing, p o w e r b ro k e s. 
.................. 
L l I J 
L L l J 

’ 7 4 C H E V R O L E T 1 7 a uto., oir, p o w e r 
2 6 9 5 
‘ 2 2 9 5 

7 3 D O D G E out© Trad!©, power steering. . , 2 6 9 5 
‘ 1 9 9 5 

• 7 4 H 
O 
N 
D 
A H 
* 8567A 
4: ‘ p d : . . . . 
2 1 9 5 
‘ 1 8 9 5 

72 FIAT ceptionalty nice 
, . radio, e .- 
, 4 9 5 
^ 
9 
5 

‘ 7 o A l f\C MX agon, 
28526A, auto, air, 
/ £ U L U J power steering, power brakes, 
| 9 9 5 
* 1 3 9 5 

7 2 C H E V Y p o w e r ste e rin g , r a d io . . 
1 6 9 5 
1 2 9 5 

7 2 P L Y M O U T H W ago n "o H 34 5 -9 ,S,,orf 
I Q Q r 
I Q Q r auto., air, ra d io , p o w e r s t e e r i n g . ........... 
I O / J 
7 7 J 

6 9 B U I C K ra^io, power steering. 
° "'. 
1 2 9 5 
4 
9 9 5 

'7 1 H O R N E T r f r T w: . s 8 3 9 9 A .,od,° 
.. 
1 1 9 5 
‘ 
8 9 5 

’6 7 F O R D dr7e7goo°d° .h o ,d ,o p . ond S 3 9 5 
‘ 
2 9 5 
C 

 m x m x x m x x x x 
^ 

D K E V E K 

 n p i i i i i i i T T m 

3 8 3 4 Fredericksburg Rd. 
7 3 6 -4 4 7 1 
I r* ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ 
J 
VEHICLES UNLIMITED 
J 
: 
CORVETTE CENTER 
J 

77 Brand new Silver, silver int 
77 Orange, Saddle int. 3,ooo mi 

16 T Top While, loaded 
76 T-Top Mahogany, loaded 
75 T-Top. lf Brown, 2o,ooo mi 
74 T-Top. Dark Grey, loaded 
72 Convertible, loaded 

*♦* 

TF* 

I F 
>F 
JF** 

TF 

T F** 

'69 T Top. Green, loaded. 

68 Convertible with Hard 
Top, Auto 

‘67 Roadster, all original. 
66 Roadster, all original 
65 Roadster. Red, red int, 
'65 Coupe Automatic. 
61 Roadster, all Original. 
7267 W urzbach 
( N e a r M e d ic a l C e n te r ) 
6 9 9 -1 8 7 7 - 6 9 9 -o 2 9 4 
O p e n 9 a .m . - 8 p .m . 

73o743 AUTOMOBILES 

WE'VE MOVED OUR 
NoRTHS1DI LOCATION AND 
WE'RE IN A JAM!! 
YOUR CHANCE TO SAVE 
SALE GOOD AT ALL JORDAN FORD LOCATIONS 

TREMENDOUS 
DISCOUNTS 
ON OUR ENTIRE 
NEW CAR & 
TRU CML 
INVENTORY! 

NORTHSIDE------- 
N O W AT — Loop 41o at Perrin-Beifel 
657-333o 

'T C U M I r a BBIT, standard, 
> 7 o o C 
/ ) r n air, like new ......................................... o 
T 
T 
J 
*73 SUBARU 
.i, 
*1795 ll CRAMP PRIX power, a ir ....................... 12495 
73 VOLKSWAGEN & 
‘1495 
75 MERCURY Marquis, power, a ir ................. W 
5 
73 MUSTANG standard, a ir 
*2695 
73 AMC JAVELIN ■T*1'11: 
*2895 
'73 COUGAR' standard, a it 
.............................. *2995 

DOWNTOWN------ 
D U RA N G O at S. St. M ary's 
227-1311 
'75 MALIBU t d.», [cd,j .............. *3295 
'75 MONTE CARLO 
........... *4395 
76 MONTEGO MX 4 ^, 
*3695 

'76 GRAN TORINO h X .oad.d 
*3895 
76 LIP 4-door Sedan, lo ad ed 
*4395 
'74 LTD Brougham, 2-door, hardtop 
*3195 
'74 ELITE 2-door, lo ad e d 
.................................... *3495 
'76 FORD IWB Styleside pickup 
•3945 

SOUTHSIDE-------- 
414 S.W. Military Drive 
923-4566 

 i m m B A i i B i i i i LaMans, luxury Safari Wagon, fully S P A I N E 
74 PONTIAC loaded...ONLY 
......... 
A W ) 
71 PINTO 2 ^ 
......................................................... * 895 
-73 torp ig r r . r s ..............*1695 
,m 4 M B irr^ n ,, 4-door 
| O A R 
7 1 r v K P automatic, radio, heater .................... 
Q f i 
74 PINTO 3-door ............ 
*2395 
-74 NOVA 
*2195 

'73 COMET 2-door ........... 
*2295 
'73 MERCURY fully*loaded 
*3895 

ON-THE-SPOT 

B A N K RATE 

F IN A N C IN G 

M A N Y UNITS ELIGIBLE 

FOR EXTENDED 

SERVICE WARRANTY 

W O W ! O O IVC H A VC A DCAL COR YOU! 
SSE BUICK 

.., „ J . . . , , Ooit Swinger 2 dr hardtop automatic 
I 6 U U Lr U t an, power, d e a n 
..................... 

B 1 1 , 
Custom LeSabre 4 dr outom ahr ait, power 
I o B U I C K silver m e tn llu ........................................ 

Rpd,p loupe automatic an, power 
V 8 
7 4 B U I C K Bargain priced Stk — 8 4 I o 2 A ................ 

’ T O r n u m i / M i n i fury III, 4 d t . sedan, automatic, ow, 
I S P L Y M O U T H power, 23,ooo mites, extra d e a n .. . 

 loaded, stereo beaunful color, I 
I O R IV IERA owner.......................... . 

'll r u t \ / D A l C T ,nipol° 
4 door, autom atic arr. 
I S V.HcVRUlEl power low miles, heoutiful blue, white vinyl to p ...................................................... 
■ •mr . . . . Cutlass coupe automatic, ait power nood 
75 OLDS color dean c o r 
................. 
........ 

•-to rn a r u 4poll° 
* d' automatic arr power 
/ J B U I C K thoroughly double checked................... 
249! n i f t . Delta 88 sedan, automatic, arr power, nice ll OLDS tutone color, double checked..................... 
I 89! 
, , , 
Riviera, automatic an power, 
Buicks 
73 BUICK finest sport ca- S 6 6 / S A ..................... 
*3295 

• 7 4 / ' n r n . m 
U t * ( W e d lots of miles per 
. . . . 
74 G REM LIN gallon 4 new tires.................... 
‘1695 
• -yr r u c w o m cr lonriau ho'd,op foupt!' au,o'no,l‘- i( iln r 
• J v n t V K U l E I mr power, light blue bargain price 
' 4 I t j 

SPIRES-OOUGLAS BUICK 
SOI BROADWAY * OPEN EVENINGS * 226-1369 m i m n i i i m i M 
H i v; 

NORTH PARK 

Lincoln M ercury pro­ 

 udly announces the 

 return of Don Dun- 

 ford. Don lead our 

 new and used car 

 sales staff for 2 con­ 

 secutive years. After 

 a short stay in 

C orpus Christi he has returned to the Alam o 

City. Don is anxious to see all of his many 

 previous owners and friends. 
NORTH PARK 
L I N C O L N M E R C U R Y 

9 2 o 7 
S A N PED RO 
341-8841 

BE SAFE AND ENJOY YOUR VACATION WITH OUR 
SPECIAL PACKAGE DEAL 
1. C hange oil and filter and lube chasis 
2. M inor engine tune up 
3. Repack universal joints 
4. Repack front w heel bearings 
5. Rotate tires 
6. Balance front w heels- 
7. Align front end 
8. Auto transm ission tune up 
9. Check cooling system - pressure test, check hoses, belts, fan clutch etc. for perform ance 
I O. Check air condition system for leaks and perform ance - includes I lb. freon 
I I. Every job road tested and carries 9 o day, 4,o o o m iles gu aran tee on parts and labor 
Reg. $21o.oo seperate deals - Now - Package Deal 

$ 1 5 9 . 9 5 

[Budget! 

RENT A CAR 

(2 )7 6 GRAND PRIX’S 

With SUNROOF, POWER WINDOWS, TILT, CRUISE 
CONTROL. SILVER a FIRETHoRN-FIRETHoRN, a i r c A r t 

FIRETHORN .............................................................. 55oo 
76 GRAND PRIX’s 
S/17Q. 
SEVERAL TO CHOOSE FRO M ......................... 
4 / Y 3 
76 PONTIAC FIREBIRD 
ESPRIT (I) TO CHOOSE FROM....................*465o 

76AMCPACERS s33oo 
76 AMC GREMLINS 
$2795 

BO N U S 

 kHRVSiER 

M A Y SPECIALS 

'76 OLDS CUTLASS i T r V , »£; 
Silver londau Roof, fully (quipped Including, t r i n e 
AM fM Stereo, lope.................................... 
J I / J 

' I C r n n e n o Re9 *m V **<hw. Blue While 
I J U L U J V o Vinyl Roof, fully loaded. 
, . > n r 
Ve.y Clean .................................................. ‘4495 

 s i r n f t U T i A f Grand Pn*> 
^,lver 
/ J H U N MAL landau Roof, fully [quip 
, ped. Including AM fM Stereo lope............... 
4 o 7 J 

I S FORD GRANADA L f ‘.t 
Vinyl Roof, Bucket seats, An, Aufomotic 
JvY J 

7 4 OLDS DELTA ROYALE E T , , , O I 
Block Vinyl Roof, fully (quipped............... 
S i r J 

7 3 BUICK CENTURION SE" 
Electric Seats and Windows, fully Equipped, $ n n n r 
Ready for Spring............................................. 
/V Y J 

’ T O A I I \ C ^us,om Cruiser Wagon, Burgundy In ^ . - q 
. 
/ J U L U } Color Air Automatic. Power Steering 
L l i J 

 luxury leMons, Air, Automa- 
. n 
. n r 
72 PONTIAC tic, Stereo Radio, Extra Clean ‘2495 
A N D M A N Y OTHERS 

CHECK US IST O R W E BOTH LOSE 

SERVICE, WHAT 
ALL ABOUT 
QUALITY USED CARS * 
LEASING 
: 

7 5 o N.E. LOOP 4 1 o AT B R O A D W A Y 
8 2 4 -o 4 1 I 

FREE with every Package Deal we will give your car a “Quake Coate” 

 undercoating valued at $29.95 OR 15 gallons of gasoline. 
WE USE QUAKER STATE LUBRICANTS 
CHRYSLER PLYMOUTH CITY 

7ooo NW LOOP 41o 

684-661o 

READY FOR SALE 
7 7 BUICK REGAL sic,ling s55oo 

77CUTLASS SUPREME 

Starting at........................................... s55oo 
7 7 THUNDERBIRDS 

Storting at............................................... ’55oo 

76 CHEVETTES 
(3) To Choose from ................................... ’2575 
76 VEGA Your choice of o n e........ ’255o 

 ilia 

G u n n 

O ld s m o b ile 

DEVINE FORD INC. 

NO. I Beating Uptown Prices 

• LOW OVERHEAD • VOLUME SAUS 
SMALL PROFIT DEALER 
GUARANTEES 
$2oo. to $5oo. 
I 
IN SAVINGS! 
ON ALL CARS & TRUCKS 

DEVINE FORD INC. 
8o1 N. TEEL DR. H IG H W A Y 8T 
DEVINE, TEXAS 
S A Phone 677-82oo 
. 
Devine 663-2876 

724 - VOLKSWAGEN 

CASH FOR 
YOUR CAR 
TOP PRICE PAIo FOR 
CLEAN USED CARS A TRUCKS 
ANY MODEL 
SUPERIOR PONTIAC 
92o BROADW AY .................. 227-5o41 

■74 VW B U S. Air, low m ileage. 
SdOOO. 8 to 5: 824-3319; after S: 
349-8366. 
1967 VW BUS, S U N R O O F . ST 195 
Excellent condition! 225-71T1 
'66 VW Camper. Very good cond., 
Low mi. ST25o. 698-2119 ; 698-1439. 
72 VW 411. Cold air, auto., A M - 
FM . $995. Call: 333-8152 
74 VW Dasher Auto , air, vinyl. 
Like new! $2495. 333-81S2. 
‘74 v w D a sh e r 4 dr, auto, air, 
Michelin tires, low mileage, very 
Clean. $315o 923-o734. 
V W D u n e B u g g y . F ib e r g la s s body, $8oo. Call 342-1SSS. 

VW 
:M A S T E R , 824-7427 

724 VOLKSWAGEN 
724 tfOLKSWAGEN 

'74 VW. New radials, low mileage. 
Excellent condition. 6S8-728S. 

722 TOYOTA 
723-TRIUMPH 

722-TOYOTA 
722-TOYOTA 

TO YO TA O F SA N A N T O N IO 
17o3 S E. M IL IT A R Y D R IV E 
924-9451 

1976 S ilv e r C eirca, lilt b o c k , 
S-speed. am -fm stereo, m a gs, louvered wrndshild, 
$4,1oo 
656 1933__________________________ 
76 Toyota Celrco PB, oir, A M F M rodro 11,ooo mi. $4,5oo or best otter, 3<4 9316 
_ _ 
1 

■71 Toyota Corona Deluxe. Auto, heater, am radio, a q u a color. 
Saves gas! 337-4519.______________ 
71 TO YO TA $1o95 
C O R O N A 
M A R K ll 
4 DO O R, 
435-1641__________________________ 
'71 Toyota 4-door, auto oir. $895 
432-2644, 432-266o 

723-TRIUMPH 

'71 TR6. Excellent fires, strong running $28oo 826-3398 

A L A M O S P O R T S C A R S 
Authorized Soles and Service 
Trium ph-Alfo Romeo 
3 IH B R O A D W A Y 828-5511 
1972 Spitfire, good cond, $16oo. 
656-6187 atter 5pm. 
________ 

•76 TR-7, Fully loaded, 3,ooo miles, 
A M -F M stereo 8-track, air $53oo. 
341-7o3o. 
•75 T R IU M P H Spitfire con verti­ ble, excellent cond. 28 mpg. com ­ bined. 19,ooo mi $35oo. 675-o126 
■7o TR6-Yellow-$21oo W ill n e go­ tiate. 
Super. cond. 
696-2641 
828-1878 
________________ 

'65 B A JA VW 1oo-PLUS hp. $15oo or best offer 349-1584. 

DEPENDABLE VWS 
'69 Squareback, Automatic ...... I 
’71 Baho Bug 16oocc 13' wheels 
'71 Fastback, Radio ............... 
'71 Super, oir, F M radio .......... 
'72 Super, radio, 29,ooo mi 
'73 Super AM -FM -Sun roof air 
'73 red Bug Radio, C L E A N ! ___ 
'74 'Thing' with Radials .......... 
'75 Scirocco A M -F M tape, blue 
____________ 655-1131_____________ 
F ib e rgla ss Dune B u g gy, street legal, in excellent condition. C a ll' 
534-2742. 

N O R T H LO O P V O L K S W A G E N 
732-7121 
4623 F R E D E R IC K S B U R G R O A D 
RO D E A S T V O L K S W A G E N 
14o2 N.E. LO O P 41o 
828-12o1 

VW OVERHAUL $4oo $5oo 
12 Mo.-12,ooo mi. W arranty 
Northside Bug Repair, 696-5869 

'72 S U P E R B E E T L E , air, am-fm 
$1295. 698-2148 
Take over payments, no equity ‘74 
VW. 
Call: 
824-76o6 
Otter 
7: 
494-5734 
•74 THIN G. 8,ooo mi. 3 tops. Orig. owner. Like new! 822-975o. 

IMPORT CAR SERVICE 
VW Rebuilds $249.95 653-7866. 

VOLKSWAGEN 
Parts-Service-Cars 
655-1131 

'75 VW P op -T op C a m p e r. A ir, 
A M -FM . 
Ice box, sink. 
$51oo 
656-o179 
77 VW R A B B IT , 3,ooo m iles, mony extros, $3495. 653-8486. 
'66 VW. Rebuilt eng., clutch. New brakes Good cond $75o. 684-o293. 
'75 VW S ciro c co . G o o d cond. 
$38oo M ags available. 656-4689. 
VW S P E C IA L IS T S 
R E B U IL T SH O R T B L O C K S 
349-4469 

I S E L L V W S 
M odels from '66-’77. Coll: Fred 
Vasquez 82-7311 
I S E L L V W S 
M odels from 6617. Coll: F re d 
Vasquez 824-7311_______________ 

•7o VW BUG. Excellent cond. New battery $8oo 673-8369. atter 5. 
•69 VW Bug, excellent condition, rebuilt engine, radials. New bat­ tery, generator, tune-up. $995. 
684-7458 ofter 6 pm.______________ 
■6'’ v w Bug, runs good, I owner, i-’SO 653-679o 

•71 VW S Q U A R E B A C K 
$95o______________________734-6115 
•74 VW 412 Wagon. Auto., 14,ooo miles. 
Extra cleon. 
$265o., 
533-337o. 
! 

725 • VOLVO_ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ 

“ " 
" p a r k T E N V O LV O 
IH SC O U T D E A L E R 
132 B A L C O N E S N O R T H 732 2143 

OVER STOCKED 
MUST REDUCE INVENTORY! 

W A S 
77 CHEVY ond'air, 7^ooo miles 
‘4795 
7 6 PACER ?m'.'.qu,°:\ air: 
AM/. .‘3595 
7 6 chevy s z z t & iJ r a f.r r r : . ‘3395 
7 5 OLDS 6o-4o setil, a beautiful'carP. . ‘4695 
'T C C A D IS Granada 2-dr., auto., power, SODOC 
/ J r U K U air, a beautiful little c a r 
J 7 7 J l y r r y r w u Nova LN coupe, red w/red 
I J V . n C V l buckets, 
5.7 liter, auto., SOQQC power steering, try this o n e ....................L l 7 J t-ye r u t I I V M om o 2 + 2, a beautiful car s o m e 
/ J V H C V T with auto. and air............... 
S j 7 J 

IS VEGA VJZ ^Thba^. 
‘2295 
7 4 VEGA auto., air . , 
‘2195 
7 4 CHEVY HLeCn T w ° . c,o,$k'..loaded’. ‘3395 
7 4 CHEVY equipped, like row .. . ,u"y ‘3495 i f A A i n e 98 luxury sedan, completely % o r fir 
/4 U LU ) loaded, drive to appreciate i j Y J 
7 4 PINTO air, auto 
.........................‘2395 
7 4 BUICK equipped 
........ 
‘2495 
I v a C A D A Galaxie 5oo, 2-dr. HT, power s q i n r 
/ J l U K I , and oir, extra nice .... t 7 7 J 
7 3 BUICK ^ n i?.2n.dwHT'.,u'.'y.-r!r. ‘2895 
7 3 BUICK f«?conVdo8r:.al,. " ,.ra‘'.,M,.r: ‘2995 
I v a A i n e Cutlass “S” 2-dr. HT, auto., SOOQC 
/ J U L I , ) power and air, a beautiful car . . L o 7 J 
7 3 olds a ust.a: i 4: d: 
HT',u,,y. aqu,pped: ‘2495 
7 2 FORD t l » m: .4'.dr:\ !oud*.d: ‘1995 

’7 1 r u c \ # •m Pa,a- 
4-dr., air. power, S I Q Q r 
/ I V M I V . d r iv e to a p p re c ia te 
................ 
I 7 / J 

N O W 
‘4295 
‘3195 
‘2995 
‘4195 
‘3795 

2695 
‘2995 
‘1895 
‘1695 
‘2895 
‘2995 
‘2995 
‘1995 
‘2o95 
‘1995 
‘2495 
‘2395 
‘2295 
‘2o95 
‘1695 
‘1695 

1 o o % W A RRAN TY 
On Motor, Irons., Rear End For 3o Days or 2,ooo Mi. 
T E X A S A l T O S A L E S 
2 Locations 
2211 S.W . M ilitary Dr. 
92 3-4 3 41 
1516 S.W . M ilitary Dr. 
9 2 3 -o 7 3 7 

725 -VOLVO 

•75 Volvo 242DL, air, auto, am-lm stereo, 4 will disc brakes, I owner, 
54795. 656 1313 or 655 9163. 
73 VO LV O I64E Air, lope. Sun roof. Auto. 63,ooo m ile s. B e st otter. 344-1345 ofter 5: 

725 

CAH 225 1666 

’74 V olvo 164-E. 4-door L u x u ry 
Sedan. Power, elec. fuel imected. 
A ir, su n ro o f., A M - F M , auto., leather int., low mi. 
$4895. 
225-o345. ________________________ 
1967 V o lv o , 18oo, o v e r d r iv e , 
$1,7oo. Call 736 5197. 

Bando 

Outstanding I 
Buys 
I 
I, 
I I I I 
I I 
I 
J 

CADILLAC 
El 
1 4 coupe, 36.ooo miles, nice c i t r n cor 
‘ 6 7 5 U 
PONTIAC 
Grand 
Prix, 

7 6 : * i f 
’ 4 8 9 5 

’ 7 
o r 
^ r 
’ 4 9 5 
, — . HORNET station wogon, 
• 7 4 deluxe sport about, loaded A u z ) 
BROUGHTON 
MO TORS 
213o Austin Hwy. 

■ 
6 5 5 - o 2 4 1 

■ 
■ 
■ 
■ 
■ 
■ 
■ 
■ 
■ 

• STATION 
WAGONS• 

’ 7 6 S J « S “ t . ‘ 4 2 5 o 

7 6 MARQUIS .. s4 6 5 o 

’ 7 5 CENTURY... * 2 8 5 o 
!! FULLY EQUIPPED !! 
• EXTRA CLEAN • 
A IR W A Y S 
RENT A CAR 
>/z BLOCK SOUTH OF LOOP 41o 
& AIRPORT BLVD. 
To26HMM 34T-S7T1 

1974 EL CAMINO 
SUPER SPORT 

Auto., Air 
P o w e r steering, 

 p o w e r w i n d o w 
A M 
F M 

Stereo Ta p e Extra clean B m 

 w i t h 
B e i g e 
V i n y l t o p 

# 1 3 4 7 A 

19o1 B R O A D W A Y 
2 2 4 55 1 6 
A N C IR A W IN T O N 
19o1 BROADWAY 
224-5516 

'75 
CA M ARO , loaded. 
W as 
$4395.............. 
N O W $ 3 8 9 5 
'73 IM PALA Custom, 2 dr., fully equipped 
W A S $229$ . . . N O W » 1 7 * S 
'7 2 
OLDS 
Cutlass 
Supreme. 
W A S $ 26 95 . . . N O W $ 2 2 9 9 
'7 o PLYM OUTH Duster. W A S 
$1595...............N O W $ * 1 7 9 
'7 6 M ALIBU CLASSIC, Low ml., 
W A S $4695. . . 
N O W $ 4 7 9 5 
'72 C A M A R O A bo ve average. 
W A S $2495. . . 
N O W $ 2 4 9 9 
'7 2 PONTIAC LU XU RY LeMons. 
W A S $2495. . . . N O W $ 2 * 7 9 
AUTO TREND 
23o3 S.W. M ILITARY 929-5626 

C A L L - 2 2 2 - o 9 8 6 
ASK FOR DENNIS 
After 8: of nile colk 656-4321 

7 5 TRANS A M 
Automatic, air, 
(Tower steering, stereo, silver, 
32,ooo mi. 
Extra clean. ~ P 5 7 . 

A N C I3 /V W IN T O N 

19o1 BROADWAY 
224-5516 

725 

•71 V O L V O Stationw agon. Stan ­ dard, air, radials, 28 mpg, good cond. SI 85o. 226-3554. 
_________ 
V o lv o sta tio n w ago n , ‘71. A u ­ tomatic, a ir conditioned, radio, nice condition. Toke up payments. 
225-65o1 must ask tor Don Holtz 
■71 V O LV O W AG O N, air, am-fm, 
Std, $18oo. 341-6784._______________ 
‘7o VW B U G , C le a n , re ce n tly overhauled. $895. Coll: 684-2o6o. 
•69 VW W a g o n III. C lean, m e­ chanically sound."Cute I ’’ 
658-8862. 
'4 

726 MISCELLANEOUS AUTOS 

NATIONAL CAR RENTAL 
76 MODELS 
FINAL CLOSE-OUT 
CUTLASS 
SUPREMES 
- 
MONTE CARLOS COM PA 
CTS. BIG CHOICE — LOW 
PRICES 

11o6 HALM at Airport Blvd. 
3 4 2 -9 5 6 6 

BUDGET RENT A CAR FLEET SALES 

3 3 8 N . E . L O O P 4 1 o S A N A N T O N I O , T E X A S | 

S E E D O N H A M ! f l e e t m a n a g e r 
3 4 9 - 4 4 4 1 

SHAKY CREDIT?? 

Have Steady Income? 
There IS a W AY we can sell you a car or truck. 
9 Over 65 Cars-Trgcks 
To choose from 
PADGETT’S 
USED CARS 
39o2 SO . FLORES 
JOI 
B R A D L E Y G P Sports car, 76 
Air, m ag wheels, headers, am-fm tope deck, loaded. 
Seguin 
1-557-5o17. 
•69 M A L IB U 2-DR............... $1o95 
'7o P L Y M O U T H 4-DR, A IR . $795 
'68 LT D 4-DR ..................... $795 
'68 O LD S 4-DR .................. $595 
'67 M E R C U R Y 4 D R .......... $595 
'65 C H E V Y 4-DR ................$495 
'67 F A LC O N 2-DR .............. $445 
SM IT H S Used C ars 
7o5 S. A L A M O - 226-9144 

PASHo1AM MTR CAR CO 
17o7 B R O A D W A Y 
224-6956 

'89 SHELBY 
Rebuilt 4-speed, new clutch a s ­ sembly and shifter. Needs engine work. S3,OOO "o s is". 433-4627 
‘66 Sunbeam Alpine 1725 Roofes, needs Work. Best otter. Coll Jim at 732-3385. 
73o-743 - AUTOMOBILES 

T E X A S A U T O S A L E S 
O ur specialty - extra nice used cars. 923-4341 - 923-o737 
731 -HIC 

A m b a ssa d o r B ro u g h a m , 1973,’ new rodiols. After 5pm, 653-o641. 
69 Am bassador wagon, V-8, auto. air. $995-432-2644, 432-266o 
A M C Matador Coupe. '74. std., 6 cyt. 18 mpg. excellent 698-1o95 
'74 AM C M A T A D O R , A C, power steering, power brakes, A M -F M stereo, clean, 344-9327 
G re m lin 1976 3 speed, 18,ooo miles, I owner, below blue book price by $3oo, going P C S over seas, must sell, 675-2892 
•75 Hornet, 2-door, rodio, heat, auto, gas sower, 6 CVI., one owner, low mileage, $1,995, 732-o24o 
72 Javelin SST. Super Sporty J dr., console, bucket seats, luq rack on trunk. Fantastic Red Se« to appreciate. 
Asking 
$1495 
432-3797. 
•68 Javelin SS T 3 sod std, good cond, $7oo. 684o129 otter 5 pm 
$1,75o. M oving must sell, '73 H or­ net, oir, loaded, 828-2656. 
76 Pacer. Extra clean. To settle estate. Call: 633-o99o. 
1975 Pacer, loaded with extros, automatic Irons, A M -F M stereo, oir, very low m iles, like new, 
S3ooo-besf offer. 655-8923 oft 5 
•65 R A M B L E R Wagon, air, new tires. $325. 344 1437 

P l A C I Y O U R W A N T A D 
IN I H I f X P R f S S N t W S 
C A IL ? Z i 1 o 6 6 

EXPRESS-W W S B e n im A D S 
Dunes $ rn 
TEXAS SIZE SAVINGS . . . 
IO DAYS r n 

NON COMMERCIAL! 
CANCIUAU* 
WITHOUT 
RAT! CHANGE 
2 2 5 - 1 6 6 6 
QUICK RESULTS! 

73o743-AUTOMOBILES 
738-743-AUTOMOBILES 
73o^743 AUTOMOBILES 
NMP 
73o-743 AUTOMOBILES 
73o-743 AirfOMQBILES 
San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday M ay 8 1977 

SELLS • RENTS • LEASES 

GILLESPIE FORD 
GRANADA SALE 

NEW '77 
GRANADA 
2-dr. 

Stock # 3 o 2 4 
OVER 8o 
GRANADAS 
IN STOCK 

$ I l i f t o o d o w n 
■ W 
CASH OR TRAD 
^ n c 3 r \ t 

CASH PRICE of $4998.oo with $188 down on Approved Credit for 48 months af $126.26. 
Annual percentage rate 11.83, deferred price $6248.48. 
State tax, license excluded. Stock #3o24. 

Air Conditioned 
Automatic Transmission 

Hail Vinyl Roof 
Rower Steering 
25o CID 6 Cylinder 
Steel Belted Whitewalls 
Tinted Glass 
AM Pushbutton Radio 

ANNIVERSARY 
SALE! 

$3oo to $5QQ OFF ON USED CARS & TRUCKS 

9 7 7 C O U G A R X R - 7 ^ 

V-8 Engine • Air C onditioning 
Automatic • Power Steering 
Power Brakes • V inyl Top 
W hitew all Tires • Speed Control 
Tinted Glass • W ire W heel Covers 
W ide Bodyside M oldings. 
*37244 
DISCO UNTED TO 

^ 
^ 
* 6 1 9 5 

# 8 7 1 5 9 

2 3 1 1 B r o a d w a y — 2 2 7 - 1 4 1 5 
’75 THUNDERBIRD 2 door..............*5595 
76 CADILLAC Coupe Deville 
!8795 
'72 CADILLAC Sedan Deville 
‘2495 
69 CADILLAC 4-door.................... '1695 
71 IMPALA 2-door......................‘119o 
'71 BUICK 4-door........................‘1o8o 
'72 OLDSMOBILE 4-door............... Mo75 
7o MONTEGO W agon............... 
99o 
7o VOLKSWAGEN 2-door............ 5 8oo 
68 COUGAR.............................. *1295 
66 MUSTANG......................... 
‘1395 
68 FIREBIRD........................... 
‘1395 
'71 MUSTANG.............................‘2295 
72 PINTO 2-door........................‘1595 
73 CAPRI 2-door..................... 
‘1895 
74 PINTO 2-door...................... 1995 

2755 S.VV. Military Drive — 923-4541 
*74 CHEVY Impala 4-door................‘2895 
74 DODGE Tradesman IOO Van... ’3395 
'75 BUICK Century 2-door..............‘3895 
"75 CHEVY C-2o .Custom deluxe pickup ’4495 
73 CHEVY Caprice 4-door hardtop ‘2395 
73 FORD LTD 2-door hardtop..... ‘2395 
75 BUICK Electra 225 4-dr hdtp... ‘4795 
'75 FORD F-l SO Ranger XLT pickup ’4295 

73 VOLVO station wagon 
‘2695 
"74 FORD Custom 5oo 4-door 
‘1795 
7 4 OLDS Delta 88 Royale 
‘3295 
7 4 VALIANT 4-door.................... ‘2695 
'73 PONTIAC GR Prix...................‘3295 
'49 FORD 4-d oor........................‘1695 
75 FORD Elite 2-door............... 
‘4295 

2o14 Goliad Road — 333-672o 
76 CHEVY Silverado, air, power............ 
549f 
75 FORD F-1oo 6-cyl., std., stereo............ 3495 
75 FORD Elite 2-dooi, air, power........... ’4295 
76 PONTIAC Trons Am, 4-spd., loaded .... ’5295 
76 FORD Granada Ghia, V-8, auto.,air, pow. '5295 
77 MERCURY Cougar XR7 2-deor, 
V-8, auto., loaded....................... SAVE! 
77 OLDS Cutlass Brougham 2-door, 
V-8, auto , loaded......................... SAVE! 
76 FORD Explorer F-l5o, V-8, auto., air, power.......................... ‘5795 
76 FORD Ranger XU Super Cab 
F-l SO, V-8, loaded...................... ’5695 
74 FORD Custom Super Cab F-1oo, 
V-8, auto., loaded....................... '3895 
76 FORD Ranger XII Texas Ranger, 
V-8, auto., loaded, camper shell 
'5995 
74 CHEVY Monte Carlo, V-8, auto., loaded 
’3995 
73 CHEVY Monte Carlo, V-8, auto., loaded 
’2995 
72 FORD Ranchero, V-8, auto., air, power, low miles........................... ‘2695 
76 FORD Club Wagon Chateau, V-8, auto., 
12-passenger, loaded.................... '6995 

“ YOU CAN AFFORD A FORD FROM GILLESPIE” 
^ 
GILLESPIE® 

1722 Austin Highway - 826-3287 
71 FORD Pickup..........................‘1296 
7 5 GRANADA 2-door.................. ‘3396 
7 5 INTERNATIONAL Scout, 4x 4 .... ‘4956 
7 4 FORD Ranger Pickup............... ‘3376 
7 2 PONTIAC 4-door Catalina 
* 926 
7 4 DATSUN Coupe...................... ‘1966 
'68 RAMBLER Ambassador Wagon ‘ 666 
'75 FORD Elite........................... ‘4o36 
'68 LINCOLN Continental Coupe ... ’ 976 
74 FORD Explorer Pickup 
‘2816 
'72 FORD Torino 4-door............ 
‘1886 
7 4 OLDS Delta 88 Royal, 4-door.. ‘3136 
7 ^ M P A L A ^ o o ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ 7 8 4 6 

" 
" 
" t r u c T T T e e F d e p t !1" - 
" 
24 TI BROADWAY _ 227-1419 
71 DATSUN Pickup, 4 cylinder, 4-speed .... * 991 
73 JEEP Wagoneer, 4 wheel drive, V8, automatic, air, power.............. ’2999 
75 JEEP V* ton IWB Pickup, 4 wheel drive, 
V8, 4 speed, power........................ ’4288 
75 DATSUN Pickup, 4 cylinder, auto., radio, heater, air............................ '1998 
’74 CHEVROLET Vt ton IWB Pickup, VB, auto., air, power:....... 
'2786 
73 FORD F1oo Vt ton Ranger XLT Pickup, 
VS, air, auto., power...................... '2131 
74 CHEVROLET Vt ton LWB 4 wheel drive 
Pickup, VS, auto., air, power........... 
37o5 
75 PLYMOUTH Voyager, 5 passenger Van, V- i 
8, standard, radio, heater.............. ’3694l 

23oo Broadway • 2 2 7 -1 4 ! I 
2311 Broadway • 227-1415 
2411 Broadway • 2 2 7-1 419 
[2755 S.W. Military • 923-4541 
2o14 Goliad Road • 33 3-672o 
1722 AusHn Hwy. • 82 6-3 287 

1 9 7 7 
MONARCH 
Equipped with 
4-speed overdrive, transmission, 6-cylinder, vinyl top, steel belted whitewall tires and many, many other standard luxury features. 

3 9 9 5 

I 

*599 8 ? net m onth tor 48 m onths with 57oo dow n rash or trade excluding tax, title 8 license on cippi oved credit Annual 

 urn rentage tate 
118 3 
(ash pine 53395. 
Deterred pure 

54o91 36 

*5146 86 per m onth for 48 m onths with 57oo daw n paym ent 

 tosh or trade excluding tax. title 8 license on oppioved eiedit 

Annual percentage tate I ? 68 (ash pace 56195. Deterred poy 

 meat price 57749 78 

\ ■; 
‘ SPANISH SPOKEN FOR YOUR CONVENIENCE 
’ •. 
. . T . y,/' . 
A j 

C a lv in G r a h a m * /1 

I 123 N. M AIN AVE. 

SPANISH SPOKEN FOR, YOUK CONVENIENCE 

 in c o in I l i e r cuf 

PHONE 225-65o1 

SELLS e RENTS e LEASES 

733 CADILLAC 
AMERICAN MOTORS corp 
IS PROUD TO ANNOUNCE 
A NEW AMC DEALER 
DAVE KELLOGG’S 
ALAMO AMCinc 

Your exclusive outlet for American Motors parts in San Antonio. 

Fine mechanical service and expert body work is available from well trained and courteous personnel. 

Investigate AMC’s Service Protection Plan which offers a nationwide 9o Day/3ooo 
Mile limited warranty on parts and service for your AMC car supplied by your AMC dealer. 

Dave Kellogg’s rwAlam o a 

C A D IL L A C C O U P E D E V IL L E , 
FIR S T *12oo CASH. AS F IN E AS 
Y O U ’LL S E E ! 828 6959 
C A D IL L A C 
71. 4-door, 1-owner, w ifes c o r . L o w m i. b e a u tifu l. 
623-1932 eves or w eekends_______ 
7 4 C A D IL L A C E l D o ra d o C on­ vertible. D ynasty Red W hite too and w hite in te rio r. V ery low m i. 
M int condition. S899S. 344-7122. 
7 2 C a d illa c F le e tw o o d 4 -d o o r hardtop. S19oo-66I-26o9 

C A D IL L A C OLDS 
77 s, 75’s, 73’S, 72 s, 7 1 *. Q uality I c a r’s p rice d right. Low m iles, I i year national w a rra n ty . D U N L A P 
M O TO RS, Pts Broadw ay, 227-2873 
! anytim e______________ .____________ 
] ’69 C A D IL L A C S edan D e v ille , i 
New tires-battery. Top cond. W ill trode. 657-276o_____________________I 
‘73 Cadillac Sedan D eville. 32,ooo m i., S36oo. 655-84o3 
____________ 
1973 
C A D IL L A C 
S E D A N 
D E V IL L E 4 -d o o r, one o w n e r. 
3o,ooo m iles. W hite, red le a th e r interior. E xcellent car. Must sell. 
Call 
M r. Bennett 222-o986________ 

7G Cad Sen Deville like new w arra n ty T A 8 - o 1 V 7 ___ 
D J D U N L A P MOTO RS 
917 Broadw ay 
227-2873 
Cod-Olds-Lincoln C lr ______ 
‘72 El Dorado, 39,ooo m iles, clean. 
S42oo. 7om -IOpm , 734-2o16. 
‘ 7o F ie e rw o o d B ro u g h a m . T h e 
Best in Town! *195o. 828-3738 
•77 Fleetwood 4 dr Brougham , all o p tio n a l e q u ip m e n t, v e ry low m ileage, in w arra n ty , w ill trade. 
1-836-2932. 

T A K E O V E R 
P A Y M E N T S 
AND ASSUME BALANCE 

27 other tars to choose 

 from. Most hove air and power. 

Partial tis' 
Bol 
74 OKANO Rex SS, loaded 
.....................M i t t 
SS MUSTANG............. 
I i CUTLASS Supiemt 
H CUTLASS 
71 DODGf Demon 
6ToAISUN 
I i ORAN TORINO 
71 MONZA U 7 
64 (Hive Von 
74 CHIVY Impute 
6V OHI 
69 fORD Squire Wagon 
76 HITI................. f-l5o w (amper 
72 OODGI Von 
ZI WRD (lob Wagon 
73 PONTIAC CalolTna. 
76 LIMANS Sport tpe 
I PRIX 

$ S92 
$71112 
$7967 
$ 996 
6 S9Z 
$2976 
$2487 
S 4o8 
$1417 
$ 196 
$ 461 
$4868 
$6486 
$1o81 
$1768 
$1686 
$3981 
$3142 
74 GRAND 
C a ll 
R IC K C A R T E R 
2 2 2 - 1 6 8 5 
2 2 2 - 8 6 1 I 
1o25 SAN PEDRO 

734 CHEVROLET 

RIATA CADILLAC 
117 L E X IN G T O N 
226-7221 

734-CHEVROLET 

A U T O F A IR BUY 
'73 
C H E V Y 
W AGO N 
$13oo 
I 435-1641 
A U T O F A IR B UY 
73 M A L IB U $14oo 435-1441 
I By O w ner: ’65 Chevy 6 CVI. Stan- dord. $4oo Coll: 673-1o55._________ 
Bv O w ner: 
77 M onte Carlo. 27oo m ile s , ’76 M e r c u r y M o n a rc h . 
Must sacrifice! A tter 5: 349-669o 
•76 Com oro 35o-4bb! 4 sod, excel­ lent cond, good mpg, *52oo, see at 
A y a la ’s E xx o n , New B ra u n fe ls, 
Tx or call 1-625-9419 ofter 5 pm 
•7S 
C o m o r o . 
F u lly lo a d e d , 
3-speed. $355o. Call: 922-3413. 
•68 Com oro 3o7, fully balanced, hp m otor, pop-ups, cam tunnel, ram , 
2o2 heads, 456 positive tra ctio n re a r end, diam ond tucked in te r- ior. 657-o937.______________________ 

■76 C om oro, load ed, m ust s ell! 
W ill Help Finance. 435-1464 
’ 75 C A M A R O L T , o n ly 2o,ooo miles. L O A D E D ! Clean. Take up paym ents. Coll: Dennis 222-o984 
‘69 Com oro needs little w ork on motor. 433-2948.___________________ 
•74 C a m aro , 3 speed. E x c e lle n t condition, e x tra clean. F a c to ry air. A m -F m stereo. Pow er, vinyl top. *35oo. 341-38oo after 5:3o. 

’75 Chevy M a lib u Classic. 4-dr., loaded $295o. 657-1988. 
’75 Chevy M onte Carlo. Like new,! loaded. Low m ileage. 684-3384. 
‘75 Chevy Monza 2 + 2. Air, 16,5oo, m iles. $3ooo or best offer. 828-213o. j 
76 Chevy Monza 2 + 2 , a ir, excel­ lent condition, $35oo. 349-4923. 
7 o C H E V Y *49o N IC E C A P R IC E . 
A IR , 
P O W E R . 
S A C IF IC E .j 
828-6959 j 

73 Chevy V ega G T. *5oo. C all i 
681-3988 a fte r 6 p.m._______________I 
! ’7o Im p a la , a ir, pow er steering, i i rad ials, good running condition, 
*695. 69o-9o64._____________________ 

! '76 Im pala Custom landau, stereo, tilt, cruise, a ir, power 6o-4o seat, door locks, w indow s, b e a u tifu l i w hite w ith burgandy lop and in- teripr, owner, *4,55o. 226-37o5. 
'69 IM P A L A 4 door 4 c y lin d e r standard. *77o. 344-4885.__________ 

1971 IM P A L A 2-door. A ir, pow er, auto. V e ry d e a n . C a ll: Dennis. 
Must sell 222-o986_________________ I 
‘72 Im pala 4 dr hardtop, a m fm , 4 n e w s te e l r a d ia ls , v in y l to p , power, a ir, very clean, w ill trade. 
*175o. 494-346o except Sat.________ 
73 IM P A L A 4 dr hardtop, V8, air, 
*1495. 656-o268.___________________ 

72 IM P A L A 4 d r, loaded, *15oo. 
699-1939, 734-o515._________________ 
'76 Im pala 4 dr. will help finance. must sell. 433-1464._______________ 
68 im p a la S e d a n . A u to ., V 8 , power, a ir, *495. 733-857o. 
‘74 Im pala station wagon, 9 pas­ senger, clean, good cond. *2,95o. 
673-49o2 a fte r 6PM . 
____________ 

‘7o Kingswood wagon good cond. 
*13oo or best ofter. 434 2153 att 5. 
•72 M alibu. Air, low m iles. *ti9 5 . 
227-1634 or 732-3133_______________ 
1973 M A L IB U , a ll p o w e r, a ir . 
826-9565, 695-8o56__________________ 
1976 M A L IB U C LA S S IC 4-door. 
H a v e (2 ), m ust sell one! C a ll: 
Leonard Bennett 222-o986_________ 
1976 M A L IB U C LA SS IC 4 door. 
All pow er, vinyl roof 
............ *4369 
C all: Dennis 222-o986 

D U E T O T R E M E N D O U S R E S P O N S E T O 

T O M B E N S O N ’ S 1 o o 1 
S A L E O N N E W 

U N I T S O U R U S E D C A R D E P A R T M E N T IS 
J 

O V E R S T O C K E D W I T H T R A D E - I N S — 
S O 

T H E T IM E T O B U Y IS R IG H T N O W ! 

 l f i i I I U iD A I A 4-door, brown, loaded, vinyl top, tilt 
$ O T O C 
Z 4f I I V l r A L A wheel, AM/FM *2164 RIGHT N O W ..................................... l l 
7 J 
J f P C l I D V 
Sport Coupe green, loaded, vinyl top, 
1 o r u m bucket seofs, *1185 
RIGHT N O W .......................................... 
O 
H 
/ J 
’76 MONTE CARIO 
$5295 
I - T il | 
A M C 
4-door, green, loaded, cruise control, 
S O I O C 
L O f V l A H ) 
31,ooo miles, *2114 RIGHT N O W ..................................... 
O 
I 
’ T C M 
I I C T A M T 
2 + 2 Blue, 6-cylinder, loaded, 4-speed 
$ O O O C 
/ ! ) I V I U M 
A N b transmission, *13o6 RIGHT N O W ............................... 
J Z V ! # 
I a M A M C 
4-door, green, loaded, vinyl top, AM/FM 
$ O O O C l l , L 6 I Y 1 A I M ) tape deck, *2o93 
RIGHT N O W .......................................... 
I O 7 J 
T T O D A h i T I A f 9-pas$enger wagon, black, loaded, luggaqe 
S O I O C 
1 1 r u n 
I I A l rack, all the extras, *2186 RIGHT N O W ............................ 
I I 
9 * 7 # \ l f \ I JI D C 
Custom Coupe, gold, 6-cylinder, loaded, 
S A I O C 
1 o V U L A K C vinyl top, #2161 RIGHT N O W ........................................... 
H I T * # 
I f f L l A l k i n A 
Civic 3-door, white, automatic, beat gas 
$ o 1 O C 
1 1 n u n 
U A prices, *2236 RIGHT N O W ................................................ 
O 
I 7 J 
J f P f \ I T I A C C Salon blue, loaded, cruise control, vinyl 
C G C 
/ > 
L U 
I L A ) } top, AM/FM tape *22o7 
RIGHT N O W ............................... 
* T f 
I T l \ 
4-door, green, loaded, extra nice, see it 
S I C O C 
I i 
L I U to believe it, *2212 RIGHT N O W ........................................................ 
I # 7 J 
’71 MONTE CARLO 
........*2195 
T R U C K S 
I T A r U C V D A l E T '/» ton, maroon, Custom package, loaded, auxiliary 
$ O O O C 
/ H i n t V K U L E I go* tank, *2o27 RIGHT N O W .................................. 
o o 7 # 
’ T A T A V A T A 
’/» ton, green, automatic with air 
S O O O C 
I O I U 
I U 
I A conditioning, *2oo8 RIGHT N O W .................................. 
o 7 7 o 
I T C C A D A ton, white, 8-cylinder, automatic with 
S Q i L Q C 
I D I U R I # radio, nice, *197o RIGHT N O W ................................................ 
o o 7 o 
I T A r U C U V 
'/? ton gold, 3-speed V8, radio, good 
$ 1 C A C 
Z U V n C V I work truck, *2o12 RIGHT N O W ............................................. 
I o 7 o l f # 
^ I I C 
I I V 
I ton dual wheel, silver, loaded with 
S C D O C 
Z P m c v I extras, *1944 RIGHT N O W .................................................. 
J O T J 
Tom Benson mumm 

Loop 4 1 o AT SAN PEDRO 
3 4 1 -3 3 1 4 

1974 M A L IB U CLASSIC Blue with w h tic v in y l top 
L o a d e d ! 981o 
E vening W ay, 655-3156____________ 
1975 M a lib u C la s s ic 4 -d o o r. 
826-9565, 695-8o56 
‘ 73 M a lib u , 35o eng , p o w e r brakes, a ir, 
3 seats. 
*215o. 
673-8161 

1974 C am aro, wifes personal car. 
18,ooo m i. O rig in a l o w n e r, c a ll a fte r 6 w ee k d ay s , a n y tim e w ee ­ kends. 656-6291. 

1 975 C A P R I C E C L A S S I C 2 d o o r . 
H a s e v e r y t h in g ! 454 e n g in e . 
S acrifice. C all: Leonard Bennett 
222-o986 

1111 SAN PEDRO 
2 2 7 - 7 5 1 1 

'76 Caprice Estate Wagon, all ex ­ tras, saddle color, 9 passenger, ny owner, 684-5864. 

INSTANT CASH 

P a id on th e spot fo r c le a n u sed c a r* a n d tru ck s . 
Stop in fo r fr e e a p p ra is a l. 

USED CAR D EPARTM ENT 
TOM BENSON 
CHEVROLET 

9 4 o o San Pedro 

732-BUICK 

732 -BUICK 

73 Apollo H atchback, a ir, pow er, excellent condition. 
*1995 firm . 
349-2474 
_____ 

1973 Buick Centurial! 
2 door Coupe, A M -F M stereo tope, auto, a ir. Pow er seots, w indow *. 
Vinyl roof, chrom e wheels 
*2789 
H E M P H IL L M C CO M BS 
FO R D S O U T H S ID E 
19o1 SW M ilitar y 922-6317 

732 -BUICK 

B uick '67 L e S a b re . E q u a liz e r hitch. Tope deck. *65o 534-199o 

71 Buick LeSabre, I ow ner, low m ileage, good condition, *14oo or m ake otter. 453-7975 a fte r 5 pm 
Buick L im ited '71. 4-door. *12oo firm . Coll: 433-9114. 
‘72 B u ic k L im ite d . L ik e n e w ! 
*2495 Will trade 923-2883 
‘77 Buick Lim ited. 5,ooo m iles, like new, loaded. *775o. 655-1822 or 
656-1ooo. 

732 BUICK 

C LE A N B U IC K R IV IE R A 
Will sell or trade tor lot, acreage. 
Call 344-9424. 
75 E L E C T R A L IM IT E D , 4 d r, fu lly eq u ip p ed , e x tra c lean. 16 mpg. *555o. 492-1563. 
L E S A B R E *24 L u x u * S p o rt 
Coupe. A ir, po w er, a m -fm , new ra d ia ls, b a tte ry , low m i., *345o. 
L e a f g re e n , w h ite to p -in t. N ew 
Braunfels, 62S-82o 

1972 Buick L im ite d . All pow er. 
Loaded. 1-625-2915 
72 B u ic k 9 -p a s s e n g e r w a g o n 
*1495 432-2644, 432-266o 

73 R E G A L , A M -F M , a ir , M a g wheels, *2ooo. Call a fte r 5 pm , 
673-29o4. 

'76 B U IC K Regal Sedan. Loaded, 
14,ooo m i. *4695. 826-3455 
‘76 Buick R egal Lan d au , s ilv er, black interio r, a ir, am -tm stereo 8 track, *475o. 342-4647. 
'74 Buick Regal, landau root, a ir, power steering, brakes, excellent condition, *3,2oo. 655-2925. 

‘68 R iv ie ra , 55,ooo m ile s . E x c e l- lent! 828-6355, ofter 7:-696-o3o3 
•68 R IV IE R A 5895 
O R IG IN A L C O N D IT IO N ! 435-1641 
7o S K Y L A R ^ , A U T O . N E W 
LIC E N S E . 4-DOOR. L A D Y S CAR . 
FO R IM M E D IA T E S A L E 559o 
CASH 828-6959 

1973 B U IC K C E N T U R Y L U X U S station wagon, 3 seats. All power including windows and seats, tilt wheel, cruise, stereo. V ery clean! 
Call: Leonard Bennett 222-o986 

76 Buick R iv e ria , fa c to ry new - only 9,ooo mi. Louis, 1-569-3544. 
™ 
^ 
— 

72 Buick R iv ie ra , like new *2795 7 33 * CADILLAC 
Will trode 923-2883 
— 
" 

‘72 S k y la rk C ustom , 53,ooo m i 
Im m aculate beauty t >26-8338 
■76 Skylark Hatchback. V6, auto , air. W arran ty. *43oo. 484 oo7o 

‘64 Buick R iv ie r a , v e ry c lean . 
Best o tter o v er SHOO 
826-7691. 
3223 How ard, Apt 33. 

AUTO F A IR B U Y 
72 C A D IL L A C *11oo-435-1641 

1975 BU IC K E lectro W recked in fro n t. C a n See o f 415 S. S an 
Jacinto. 227-4o64. 

‘71 Buick R iv ie ra , fu lly loaded. 
*1395 432-2644, 432-266o___________ 
69 Buick S kylark, good condition, 

73 C A D IL L A C C oupe D e v ille , outstanding. 
*37oo 
224-7937; 
342-6689 

69 Buick E le c tr a Sedan 
Call: 434-3459 or 69o-9924. 
$525 power, a ir, *65o, 226-7728. 

■73 C adillac Coupe D e v ille , like new *3995 Will trade 923-2883 

•72 Chevelle. Low m ileage. E xtra clean. *175o. 341-1)74 atter 4. 
•76 Chevrolet Caprice. Like new! 
$4995 W ill tra d e 923-2883__________ 
65 C h e v ro le t Im p a la , 4 d r a u ­ to m a tic , 327 e ngine gas s a v e r, 
*395 675-2389. 

‘73 M a lib u . Im m a c u la te ! E x c e l­ lent, low mi. New tires. *2395. 
433-7727 
M a lib u ‘75, like new ! M ust sell. 
T o k e o v e r p a y m e n ts . 225-65o1 m ust ask for Don Holt* 
74 Monte Carlo All pow er and air, 
A M -F M . 
*3495 
Call 
M anuel 
341 9433. 
•74 Monte Carlo, auto a ir, power. 
A M -F M stereo. Bucket seats. Tilt wheel, cruise control. L ike new! 
*3495-735-8484 

•76 M O N T E C A R L O Landau , in good condition, C om pletely load­ ed 
M u s t S a c rific e *4 89 5. C a ll daily IO to 5 732-2568 
•71 M o n te C a rlo 454 SS. Good cond. *1695 A fter 6p.m .. 653-3286. 

1972 Chevrolet Kingswood wagon. 
*15oo. 623-121o before 5pm 
•7o C hevro let M a lib u . 2 dr., a ir. 
*115o. or best ofter. 433-8682 

•74 M o n te C a rlo . S ilv e r, black 
Landau roof. Auto., pow er steer­ ing, air. A M -F M , cruise control. 
*34oo. 653-13o8. 

•75 C h e v ro le t M onza, like new ! 
*3195 W ill tra d e 923-2883 
‘72 Chevrolet 9-passenger wagon. 
V-8, auto, a ir, 
*1395 
432-2644, 
432 266o 
______________ 

76 Monte C arlo Landau, beautiful cor, cruise, tilt wheel, am fm ster­ eo tape, a ir, etc., durk blue-silver to p , 16,ooo m ile s , bv o r ig in a l 
Owner, *5195. 341 2488 

'73 M O N T E C A R L O , s ta n d a rd , loaded, *2495 696 o8o4, 922-o511. 

1969 C h e v ro le t w ag o n . 
G o ad '. 
A M -F M , all pow er. *5oo 624-2739 
•64 Chevy Bel Air. Radio, heater, t a u to . *3 5 o c a s h . N o lic e n s e , sticker 923 o9o6 

■74 Monte Carlo, excellent cond, loaded, *3495. 696-o8o4, 922-o511 
M onte C arlo '75. Loaded! *3895, w ill help finance 226-o639 

1972 C H E V Y B IS C A Y N E 4-door, a ir, pow er *1495 C a ll: L eo n ard 
Bennett 222-o986 

1971 M o n te C a rlo , p o w e r, a ir , 
A M -F M 8 track. Slight body work needed. 661-5165 

'74 C h e w C aprice Classic. Excel lent. $329o. 684-o663, 684-2854. 

1974 M onte C arlo. Fully equipped. 
826-9565, 695 8o56 

‘69 Chevy C aprice 396 auto, *5oo. 
824-3698 a fte r 5, Ron 

‘73 M onte C arlo Black on black. 
Loaded! *2195-432-2644, 432-266o 

‘76 Chevy Chevette. A ir, custom tr im. 45 m pg 674-5233, 5-6 p m 
•72 Chevy, 2 door H T . All pow er and a ir. G ood condition. SHOO. 
653-2766 atter 6 

‘75 Nova, auto- a ir, pow er, orig. ow ner Aft. 5: 655-3288 *28oo 
■73 Nova Auto., VS, all power, air. 
*2ooo 695-8148. 

C H E V Y 2 -D O O R H A R D T O P ., 
A U T O . N E W L IC E N S E 
V E R Y , 
V E R Y C L E A N ! 
F IR S T *3 9 o 
CASH 828-6959 

1976 N O V A , one owner. Loaded! 
828-6355, ofter 7:696-o3o3 

56 C H E V Y D U N E B U G G Y $65o. 
Call: 533-1414 

'74 C hevy Im p a la . A ir, A M F M stereo, good cond. 525oo or best otter. A fter 5 492 9574 

1975 N O V A , s ta n d a rd 6 3o,ooo m iles. 
Sacrifice. 
Cell: 
Dennis, I 
222-o986___________________________ 
64 9 passenger Chevy Bel Air. 7o 
36o Y am ah a. 494-395/ 

Quick Sale! 5245o 75 Novo 6 Au nuCHOniCT to , a ir , v in y l to p . M r 
B lo c k 
I j 4 - fcHcVRulEl 
681-o22o,927-3615 mmmmmmmmmmmm 

AT THESE PRE-OWNED SHARP 
NEW CAR TRADE-INS 

'74 COUGAR 
'448o 

 i " f C r # \ n r s Grand Torino Squire, 9 pas 
/ J 
“ U K * / sanger wagon, fully equipped, t i i / e 
3o.ooo miles, one ownei 

( V Z 
U H D M C T 
Sportabout Wagon fully 
/ Q n U K I Y C I equipped, driven by tai tory executive 
« J /U 

>“7 A 
C l ID A D I I t,luc wl,h white ,liP- a 
/ * 1 g U O A n U real sharp Sports Cai t h f l f l n in top condition 
Z T T U 

I f f . 
/ “‘ D E M I IKJ 
6 cylinder automat 
/ O w K C l Y l L l l i ic. air, driven only 5o 1 o o 
6,ooo. for 
J I O O 

' I A f t D E M I I N 
6 c y lin d e r, m ake 
/ “ w R C l Y l l l l i som eone a good i i q q a economy car for only 
I 7 O U 

/•»<% 
E /‘\D IY 
GRAN TORINO 4 door. fully 
/ L r w K y equipped, a real good buy 

1 7 A c n o n 
GRAN TORINO 4 door full 
/ * ♦ n j K U equipped, vinyl top. real $ 2 9 3 o 

' 7 1 
D A K J T I A f 
Satan Wagon fully 
/ v r U l l I IM V * equipped, a real steal 
9 9 2 

ALAMO 
AMC 

1 1 1 1 S a n P e d r o 
227-7511 

 n m m 
W a r m m 
’l 

A i > 6 et ors ntir 
Air 
Pnuiev pa® 

734- 
- 

’73 B U IC K - $2495 n tu rv L u x u s h a r d to p 
L o w leage, A M -F M . E x c e lle n t can­ on. 494-23o8 
75 B U IC K C E N T U R Y 3 4,ooo m ile s , s u n ro o f, a m -fm s te re o , tope, power window s, 
$495o. 
432-4315 
____________________ 

73 Buick E le c tra ‘225’, one ow ner 
828-6355, a fte r 7:-696-o3o3 

■75 Buick E state W agon, 9 pass, 
12,ooo m iles, loaded. I y ear w a r­ ra n ty , p ric e d to s ell. D U N L A P 
M O TO RS, 915 B roadw ay, 227-2873 anytim e_______ ___________________ 
'74 buick LeSabre. 4 door Sedan, low m ileage. 52895. 735-3*8? 

'66 B U IC K S k y la rk , 2-dr. v in y l in te rio r, bucket seats, VS, good cond. *5oo. 227-3211 ext 6o9, days. 
Bulverde (1)438-2241 
71 B U IC K S K Y L A R K $795 
648-1131___________________ 656-2678 
Buick, '63 Spec. AV6, auto, power steer., cleon. *45o 684-o744________ 

•76 C e n tu ry , b e a u tifu l, lo a d e d , private owner 824 5167 

•73 C a d illa c Coupe D e v ille 
All p o w e r, a ir , t ilt a n d te le s c o p e s te e rin g h e e l. A M -F M s te re o , elec. locks, very cleon. Good ru b ­ b er. 73,5oo H iw a y m ile * . *325o. 
494-3431, 8 a .m .-4:3o p m . wkdoys. 
'72 Cadillac Coupe. 55,ooo m iles, leather, vinyl, im m ac u late! *1995. 
333-8152. 
'73 C a d illa c C oupe D e v ille 
Ex cedent. 824-3o89, 824-2546 

64 Chevy (m oola 4 dr Sedan,327. auto., *4oo or best offer. A tter 3 p.m .: 824-4214; 342-8922.__________ 
■66 C hevy Im p a la 4-door, w ith 
■7o-396 engine. *45o-333-7982 
1971 C H E V Y IM P A L A 2 -d o o r 
Custom. O nly 36,ooo actual m iles. 
S tandard shift. A ir conditioned, power steering, $1995. Call: M r. 
Bennett 222-o986__________________ 
1974 C h e v y im p a lo C u s to m 
Loaded! 826-9565, 695-8o56 

SACRIFICE 
'72 2 dr Chevy (m oola, air, vinyl top, stereo, 696-7987 
IIM 
Take over paym ents, no equity '73 
N O V A c a ll: 
824 76o6 after 
7: 
494 5/34___________________________ 
'72 Toronodo loaded, clean good cond 333 5355 or 534 554o_________ 

CAU 225 I6 6 6 

75 Vega G T Sport Wagon, 4 sod, am -fm , a ir, luggage rack., excel lent condition; red, white interior. 
P riced to sell. 349 1o79 atter 6 

7 5 Vega Hatchback Coupe, 42,ooo 
435-2485, 224-829o, 341-6493________ 

74 VEGA HATCHBACK- 
G T, autom atic, a ir 
.................*1595 
J A M IS O N M trs Seguin, 223-52o1 
7 4 V eg a , S m all panel d e liv e ry 
Auto , excellent *995. 333 8152 

7 5 Vega W agon A ir. auto 
AM 
F M ra d io , ta p e -d e c k 
3 s p k rs 
32,ooo m i,. 
*2ooo 
W kdovs: 
674 4696 

7 5 GRANADA Steering, Vinyl Top / ow,r..‘3288 

74 HORNET 4-Door, Automatic, A ir 
’ 1988 

, -m rn 
4-Door, 
Automatic, 
Air, 
Power , . _ n n 
76 COMET Steer,ng, 6,ooo M ile s 
'3788 

73 MAVERICK IO O to o tle d ..... ............'2588 

75 FINTO Runabout Automatic, Air 
'2788 

7 3 MUSTANG Fully loaded .. .............'2488 

7 4 MONTE CARLO ...................... '3488 

73 CAMARO Z 28...........................'3688 

'3988 

I - t i 
H a r t e i a 
4 -D o o r, A M -FM Tape, A ll 
76 IMPALA P o w e r......................................... 

7 5 GRAN TORINO L T Ww” 
..'3988 

’76 MONARCH m w , ......................'4188 

7 5 COUGAR XR-7........................ '4388 

’74 PONTIAC a " 'T " " " " '”"':......>4388 

7 5 DODGE S“,a" ! D"o' / “ 
..........>4388 

’75 (TD LANDAU m w ,...................'4488 

’76 MONTE CARIO.........................'4988 

’76 CUTLASS S irJ :’"!’.. 
..........'5388 
7 5 OIDS £5£:*,. T ? . “ ............... '5988 
’74 THUNDERBIRD T ao:" 
'4488 

 i f / r A n n RANGER SUPER (AB, 
11,ooo 
/OrUKls Miles, Auxiliary Tank, Auto­ mata, Power Steering Power Brakes 
, [ o n ( 
(amper Shell.................................... 
J O V j 

* 7 C D D A K I T A s,ondo,d 
3o2- 
Pow* ' 
J J BRONCO Steering, 
Power 
Bra­ kes. 4 Wheel Dr i ve 
AM TM (osiette 
. 
. _ o 
Moon Root 
’ 4 4 o o 
NORTH CENTRAL FORD 

IIII9IIIIII 
I 
III 
I 
M T 557 1 
.^oo J 

735 CHRYSLER 
735 - CHRYSLER 
735 CHRVSIER 

A U TO FA IR BUY 
72 C H R Y S L E R N E W Y O R K E R 
SLOOP 43S-164I_____________________ 

Pl ACI VOUK W A N I AO 
IN IH I tXPfctSS NtW S 
CAU 225 >665 

BOERNE MOTORS INC 
C H R Y S L E R S 
P L Y M O U T H S 
DO D G E and C M C P IC K U P S 
823 No M ain Boerne 249 3566 
D IR E C T L IN E 
226 5515 
7 2 661-26o9 C hrysler 4 door h a rd top Cleon! *1375-661-26o9 

65 C H R Y S L E R , good condition. 
*25o 349 4861 ____________________ 
66 C H R Y S L E R N E W P O R T 
*495 696 o8o4,922-o511 
C H R Y S L E R P L Y M O U T H C ITY *' 
7ooo NW LO O P 41o a t Culebru 
684 661o 

P a g e 2 6 - P 

73o743-AUTOMOBILES 

S a n A n t o n i o E X P R E S S - N E W 
S — 
S u n d a y M a y 8 
I V Z / 

73o 743AUTOMOBILES 
73o743-AUToMo8ILES 
73o 743 AUTOMOBILES 

5% over cost on new cars 
& trucks! 

W A L L O O N 
PONTOW) INC. 

C 
M 
C 

COMPLETE REPAIR DEPARTMENT FACTORY 
TRAINED M ECH AN ICS TUNE UPS — BODY 
REPAIRS & PAINT 
RENTAL & LEASING 

OPEN M O N . THRU FRIDAY 
A A.M. TO 9 P.M. 
SATURDAY 8 A.M. TO 6 P.M. 
736-1561 
3915 S A N PEDRO 

The O ldest Pontiac— 
GMC Truck D ealer in 
San A ntonio 

MISSION CHEVROLET’S 

NOVA COUPE 

* VINYL INTERIOR AND CARPETING 
* TINTED GLASS AND WINDSHIELD ANTENNA 

* 25o CID-L6 ENGINE AND STANDARD 
TRANSM ISSION 
* POWER STEERING ★ BODY SIDE M OLDING 
★ FULL WHEEL COVERS * RADIAL ★ STEEL 
BELTED WHITEWALLS 
LIMITED OFFER SALE 

 the little cheeper d e ale r 
$3,695 

= 2 9 2 6 , 2 9 2 1 , 3 o 2 3 
MISSION 
CHEVROLET 
12ooS.E.MilitaryDn 
9242311 

737-FORI 
AU T O F A IR B U Y 
72 F O R D S E D A N SI,OOO 435-1441 
A U T O F A IR B U Y 
73 G A L A X IE '5oo Sedan $16oo 
435 1641 

BANK REPOSSESSIONS 
A V A IL A B L E 
Toke up paym ents with qualified credit. Applications accepted bv phone. No application refused 
M R : E A R L 
227 1415 

BIG COUNTRY FORD 
San Antonio 
Call 
227-o86o 
'74 Bronco V -8, autom atic, air, ranger packaqe, 4 wheel drive, driving lights, clean. 655-4465 

CONVERTIBLE 
'67 Fairlane V 8, auto, tires, power top $25oo. 432-3o42,494 1922 
1972 C O U N T R Y S Q U IR E wagon 
6 p a sse n ge r, air, pow er. V e ry clean! 
$1995 Coll M r 
Bennett 
222 o986 
75 Elite, black on black, m ust sell. Will help finance. 433-1464 
7 5 Elite Im m a c u la te !. E x tra loaded 735-3372, 733-7461 Ofter 6 
65 F a irla n e . F u lly equipped. 
Very nice. Call: 349-4826 
•68 Ford Custom, economical, 24o 
CU.in., 6 cyl. eng. Stand, new tires, 
$55o 494-5934 

1975 FORD ELITE 
Auto air, power steering, power brakes. A M -F M stereo, vinyl rooi 
$4189 
H E M P H IL L M C C O M B S 
F O R D S O U T H S ID E 
19o1 SW M ilitary 922 6317 
■76 Ford Elite, auto, air, am-fm, tike new, $43oo 826-4274. 
Ford Elite 2-door, '76. B lo n d new c o n d it io n ' 
L o w m ile s. 
In stru m e n ta tio n g ro u p , w ire wheels, bucket seats with console, 
A M -F M stereo, power windows, cruise control, etc W ill sell for 
$48oo. blue book: $56oo Call: Don 
661-7441 Sunday only 
63 Ford Fotrlane 5oo, 4 dr, 6cyl, very clean $595. 658-1424 
'67 Ford Galaxie 5oo, clean, first 
$595 cash. 732 3824 
71 F O R D L T D Brougham , power, air, am-tm, good cond 
$115o. 
342-1562 
1975 F O R D L T D Brougham 
4 dr. I owner, low mileage, loaded exceptionally clean 494-6276 
'76 F o rd L T D B ro u g h a m 2 dr, fully equipped with stereo radio. 
$4695 G un n O ld sm o b ile . N E. 
Loop 41o and Broadway. 
'69 Ford L T D 9-passenger wagon 
$995 432 2644, 432-266o 
72 F O R D L T O Pow er steering and b ra ke s, air, 67,ooo m iles. 
$18oo or best offer. E xce lle n t condition. 658-7519. 
63 Ford. Perfect, orig, cond., A u­ to.. air, power, 48,ooo orig, miles. 
623 5281 atter 4 
1972 G A L A X IE 'SOO 4-door. New paint, overhaul. E x tra clean!! 
Sacrifice, M r Bennett 222 o986 
67 Galaxie, excellent cond, new tires and battery, $595. 494-3376. 
•76 Granada. 6, auto., air. M ust sell' $2975. 222-1342 
1975 G R A N A D A G H IA 4-door 
$3395. Will help finance. Call: Mr. 
Bennett 222-o986 
75 Grandada 2 door, automatic, air, power steering, vinyl top. 
$3295 Call Manuel 341-9433 

'5 8 9 5 
5495 

< 
\ 
Y i : 
M 
» i : i r s 
“ SPECIALS” 

'76 CHEVROLET 
S E S J ftJ * ‘4995 

 n t l t r u 
Electra 225 Custom coupe, fa cto ry air, 
/ J B U I C K oil pow er and extras, dean........ 
,7 r / s i 
Toronodo Coupe, factory air, oil power 
/ * U L U J and extras. S p e c i a l j ................ 
I J IS n i n e 
^ei!a 
M°l,<lay Sedan, factory ail, all s n * n r 
/ J U L U ) power and extras, vinyl top, clean 
Z t t V j r n * A i i s r 
Cutlass Salon, 4-door, factory air, all 
74 OLDS power and extras, clean 
.........*3695 

<7 C r n n r a d XR7 toUPe' ,ot,ory °if< o11 p ° * er 
75 COUGAR and extras, like n e w..........*4695 tT i A i n e 
Cutlass Supreme Coupe, factory air, all $ r n Q C 
• O U L U J power one) extras, stereo, mags.. 
J L T j 

74 PLYMOUTH air, automatic, was $2995 . 
>2695 
’ 7 C n i n e O ft Re9enfy CouPe< factory air, all i C A n e 
/ J U L U J 7 o power and extras, *518o, Special 5495 

1 7 # [ A D I S Granada Ghia, 11,ooo miles, loaded , . , . . 
/ O r U K U with extras.......................................... 4695 

1 7 c r u C X I Malibu Classic station wagon, factory , . , A , 
/ 5 C H t V dr, all power and extras . T . ................ *3695 
' TA A i n e Cui,om Cruiser station wagon, factory , 
_ 
/ 4 U L U * air, all pawer and extras, roof rack . . . . *3695 
’7 Z M C D T I ID V Monarch 4-door, factory air, all 
. , 
/ O lV ltK V .U K T power, and extras, low mileage, *4495 

1 7 a / s i r s / Cutlass Supreme Coupe, factory air, all $ n « n r 
/ J U L U * power and extras, "good looking.' 
< 5 1 7 5 

1 / 7 a i n f 98 luxury Sedan, factory air, all power $« A n c 
O f U L U * and exttos. SHARP............................ 
11/7 5 
12,ooo MHE OR 12 MONTH MOTORS INSURAN T CORP. 
MECHANICAL INSURANCE AVAILABLE ON MANY OF OUR 
74 OR NEWER MODELS 
“CONFIDENCE IS CAVENDER ” 
Lavender Oldsmobile Co. 

. 1oo1 Broadway • 226-7357 • 226-8772 

7 35 -CHRYSLER 

'71 C h r y s le r T ow n C o u n try 
Wagon. Must sell! 222 1342 
JA C K R E IG E R 
C H R Y S L E R P L Y M O U T H 
581o SAN P E D R O 
732-8211 
'73 Town and Country Wagon. 9 
Pass., air, power $41oo 656-3931 
736-DODGE 

'73 C H A L L E N G E R $238o 
Or Best Offer— 224-6956 
'76 C h a rg e r D a y to n a . F u lly equipped including sunroof, ster- eo, tope deck 734 6o4o 
‘69 Coronet, auto, am -fm , good cond., new tires, $75o. 658 231o 
'68 Dart, air, auto, good transport ation, $45o. 733-1479. 

1975 GRAND TORINO 
4-door Sedan Auto. air, vinyl roof. power steering, brakes 
$2989 
H E M P H IL L M C C O M B S 
F O R D S O U T H S ID E 
19o1 SW M ilitary 922-6317 
'72 Gran Torino Sport very clean, low mileage, fully loaded. $18oo. 
333-o833 
73 G ran Torino wagon, am -fm stereo, air, power, luggage rack, superb cond $235o 494-7373. 
1976 G R A N T O R IN O W agon . 
Third seat. Loaded! 8,ooo miles. 
Sacrifice. Coil: Leonard Bennett 
222 o986 
1976 G R A N T O R IN O 2-door. 
Loaded! Call: Dennis 222-o986 
•74 G ra n T o rin o . 4-d oor, o ir, power $2o5o. Call: 344-5486 
1973 G ra n Torino, power, air, 
$2,ooo or best offer, very clean, must sell immed. 822-3446. 

K IN S E L Ford-Mercurv 
Pleasanton, s.A. Phone 626-2791 

'73 Dart, foe air, auto, V-6, 48,ooo mi, $235o 653-8392 
7o Dodge Challenger RT. 383 VS, auto., $995 344 31oo 

'73 LTD, clean, 4-door, all power, cruis-o-matic. air, 2 b a rre l ca r­ buretor, re gu lar gas., I owner. 
$2o95 342 o367 

Dodge Charger '73. M ags, $21oo. 
Call 349-6656 
68 Dodge Coronel 5oo 8 cyl., good cond. $65o 344-2924, 435-7o48 
67 Dodge Coronet 4-dr., std Bv owner 
$77$ 
After 
5 pm .: 
923-23o8 
69 Dodge Coronet auto, am -fm good cond new tires *75o 6S8-231o 
72 Dodge Coronet Wagon. Auto, a ir 
A ll pow er, ro o f ra c k . 
5195o-661-3994 anytime. 
74 Dodge Crew CAb. V-8, auto. air $2295 43? 2644 432-266o 
75 Dodge Dart, auto, oir, cruise 
Best offer. 349-59o2, 342 588o 
197! D O D G E D E M O N auto V-8, 
$895. Call: Dennis 222-o936 
7o D o d g e M o n a c o L ik e new 
57*5. 696-o8o4, 922-o511 
1968 Dodge, power, oir, I- owner 
826-9565. 695-8o56 
76 Dodge Wagon Crestwood. 36o 
VS, a ir. rad io , pow er, c r u is e co n tro l, and m o re ! 
536oo 
734-51o1, 8 a.rn -6 pm. 

1973 LTD COUPE 
2-door, A M -F M atereo. outo. air. 
Vinyl roof ...................... 52289 
H E M P H IL L M C C O M B S 
F O R D S O U T H S ID E 
19o1 SW M ilitary 922-6317 
1976 L T D 2-door, air, power, au­ tomatic, vinyl root 21,ooo miles. 
Sacrifice. Coll: Dennis 222-o986 
'69 LT D . 4-door hardtop. Best 
Ofter Call: 333-5892. 
1976 L T D 4-door. Low m ileage 
Silver with red roof L o ad e d !! 
Sacrifice Call Dennis 222-o986 
1975 L T D 4-d oor 
O n ly 2o,ooo m ile s 
L o a d e d ! 
T a k e up payments. Coll: Dennis 222-o986 
'75 L T D 2 dr, fully equipped, ex­ cellent cond 342 74o8, 433-1611 
75 LTO IO passenger wagon, like new 5325o 494-5313 
'71 L T D Pow er, air, excellent cond M ust sell! 51195. 532-7494. 
74 M averick air, power, low mi. 
8-track $2ooo 674-7154 

" PRICE 
BUSTIN’ 
GET A GREAT DEAL N O W 
ON A BETTER USED CAR!. 

1 , 7 7 /• i i C \ / D A I C T 
1/7 
4 “ heel drive SCOITSDAtf, like blond new, 
1 
I 
/ / L H c V K U l t I automotit transmission, power steering, power disc brokes, fat j tory arr conditioning, roll bor in bed, fog lamps, AM fM stereo lope *4-377. Regular 
■ i puce S729S................................................................................ Sole price *6988 • 

I ’ 7 7 
A i n e 
Supreme 
4 door, 
Ice 
Blue, 
Blue luxury interior, automatic 
I 
I / / 
U L U * transmission, power steering, power disc brakes, factory oir conditioning, 
I small V8, tilt sleeting, cruise control, AM fM stereo, car like brand new 4*4-371 P t r a m 
J j 
Regular price S5695 ................................................... 
Sale Price 
5 Z 5 o I 

 j i 
D A U T I K C ^o,o*'na 9 passenger station wagon, Burgondy with soddle tan in 
, I O 
K U N I I A I . tenor, rally wheels, luggage rock, automatic transmission, power i steering, power disc brokes, factory air, loaded, very nice cor. * IO-1oo4 R Regular , - 
* 
| price M 
..................................... . . 
........................................Sole Price *4788 | 

1 1 7 » 
D A U T I A f Grand Prix S. J, sterling silver, burgandy vinyl >/« roof, burgandy lu* j 
J / O 
K U N 11 A v ury interior, 6o-4o seat with 6 way power, AM FM stereo 8 frock 
I tope, power windows, power door locks, tilt steering, cruise control, looded, honey comb %r C O O 
I mag wheels, beautiful automobile. * 1 ) 3 4 Regular price S629S 
Sole Price 
J J O O j 
(' I L C L IC W D A i C T Mon,e ^a,*° Loodau. light cinammon brown with beige vinyl roof 
I O V r l C V K U L t l light beige vinyl interior, swivel bucket seats, AM FM stereo 8 frock music, power door locks, power windows, tilt steering, speed control, steel belted 
95 

IMS - m a s i e m n m u m s - m a s i c o r n e i n m s - m a s s c o m m e m 
IMIlfBlBiS jOAjJJjym 
TMIimSWSIS 

 radial tires, good looking car *3.2o1 Regular pure $5395 
...................Sale Price *4888 
- i i r u n A l C T Camara medium blue metallic, white all vinyl interior, power 
/ o v r l t V K U l t l steering, factory oir conditioning, 6 cylinder for economy New 
$ < j/ < o o white wall tires, rally wheels * 3 2o6 Regular price $4395..................... Sole Price 
<5 7 O O 

*6888 

 rally wheels *3 -2o 6 . Regular price 

I < 7 / r \ A T C I IA I o O f t 7 Medium blue metallic, black all vinyl interior AM FM stereo, 
J / 
O U A I * U N Z o U Z 4 speed transmission, 6 cylinder engine for economy, rear window defogger, factory air conditioning, special mag wheels, steel belted tires only j 
12,9oo miles This cor is immaculate * 4 -3 /4 Regular price $6995 
Sale Price 

I ’ 7 C D A U T I A f Grand Am 2 door, coal black with block all vinyl interior, AM FM j 
I / J K U N M A L stereo music, bucket sects with console floor shift automatic bans- j mission, rally mag wheels and trim rings pawer steering, power disc brakes, factory air 
I 
, conditioning, low mileage, small V8, steel belted radio! tires, ultra sporty looking cor, s o d O O I 
1 immaculate * 9 93o Regular price $4695.......................................................... Sale Price 
< 5 9 8 8 ' 

I 'T C D A U T I A f t ih d '" o 4 door sedan, matte yellow, buckskin all vinyl interior, steel 
I 
I I J r U N M 
A L belted radial white wall tires, automatic transmission, power steering, j power disc brokes, AM, fM radio, body side moldings, deluxe wheel covers, white vinyl 
I roof, medium sized V8 motor, perfect Family cor 4TIMo4SA. Regular price 
. . . . . I 
J 
S3795........................................................................................................................Sole Price 
Z Y O O | 

I , — £ P A D A s,*vpr wl^ Glork vinyl roof, block interior, power steering, power disc 
| 
■ I J r U K U brakes, AM radio, white wall steel belted radial tires, automatic tronsmis- j sion, factory air conditioning, small V8, only 21,ooo miles, sharp car *3 -33 3 Requlor 
I j price $4195.......................... 
........................ ................................. 
Sale price *3 7 8 8 | 

I ’ T C D I I l f I / ^ e(,ra W* T|,n,,e(l Prrrli Avenue Fdition, silver body with black crushed 
■ I J B U K H velour interior, silver vinyl roof, this car has too mony features lo mention, 
I in addition only 28,ooo miles This is o gorgeous luxurious automobile. * 4 336. 
I 
Regular price $6595 ............................................................................ Sale Price 

1 1 T C u r n f l l B 
V 
Cougar XR 7, metallic bronze, all vinyl interior, power steering, 
I 
7 5 I Y I E K C U k Y power brokes, factory air conditioning 
* 4 394 Regular price 
‘ 
$4695 
............................................................................................................................Sale Price 

J <7 r 
D A U T I A f Grandville 4 door metallic blue, vinyl top, AM with 8 track 6o 4o 
I 
/ J 
K U N I J A L suede seots, power seats, power window, power steering, power disc t / n n n j brakes, and many more extros *4 -3 7 5 Regular price $4695 ........................... Sale Price 
A L O O 

*5988 

*4288 

I 

1 . 7 r D A U T I A f l***ons ^ door, Gflhf blue metallic, vinyl top, AM rodio, foctory air 
I / 5 
K U N U A L conditioning, power steering, power brokes, dark blue doth seots, 
*3388 

1 7 4 

7 4 

 very nice deon car *4-361 Regular price $3895 ............................................. Sale Price 

A l A C M A D U C ^us,om Cruiser station wagon, all vinyl seats, luggage rack, 
U L U * m U B l L c cinammon brawn metallic, factory air conditioning, power steering, power brokes, this is a nice family wagon. *3-199. Regular price 
<<* o r s s 
$3695 
.............................................................................................Sale 
Price 3 3 5 o 

. 
. Ambassador 4 door, blue metallic, blue cloth interior, AM FM stereo, cruise 
A l Y l L control, tilt steering, 6o 4o seots, vinyl top, power steering, power brakes, 
I 

 factory air conditioning, V8 engine and many extras. * 2 168 Regular 
I$2395 price 
Sale Price 

7 4 
A i n C M A D H C 
7 {*oor *)or(*,oP' tttionmon brown, beige interior, 
U ll/*m U D llC AM fM radio, power steering, power brakes, vinyl roof, foctory 
I air conditioning, *2-155. Regular price $3495.................................... Sole Price 
3 I 8 8 | 

’ 7 A D 111 f I/ ^ et,ro 22$, 2 door hardtop, vinyl top medium gold color, all vinyl interior, 
I 
/4 B U 1 L K AM FM stereo, power steering, power disc brokes, cruise control, power 
. . . . . seots, trunk releose and many more extras. * IO 998 Regular price $4295 
Sole Price 
3 / 8 8 I 

' T A D A U T I A f Grand Prix SJ, vinyl top, all vinyl bucket seats interior, tilt steering 
/A K U N M A L wheel, power windows, AM FM stereo, silver metallic. * 9 871P 
I 
Regular price $4395 .................................................................... Sale Price 
3 5 8 8 | 

I 2 ,o o o m iles or I 2 m onth w a rra n ty a v a ila b le on so m e 
| 
1 9 7 4 an d late r m o d e ls. 
I 
SUPERIOR PONTIAC 
71 I BRO ADW AY • 92o BROADW AY 
227-5o41 • OPEN EVENINGS 
I 
■ 
■ 
■ 
B 
H 

MISSION CHEVROLET 
USED CAR SPECIALS 

737-FORD 

MECHANICAL INSURANCE AVAILABLE 
ON MOST CARS. I 2 MONTHS OR 
I 2,ooo MILES. GET DETAILS. 

’77 IMPALA SIDAN p o w e r steering, p d itioned , w hite 
1 ,2 o o m ile s . . . . 

Silv e r blue, 
V S, a u to ­ m atic transm ission , 
R o w e r brake s, air con- ie w a lls, 
A M -F M stereo, j 5895 

 r n D U C T T C 
W h ite w ith sa d d le interior, 
/6 LUKVtl It V 8, au to m atic transm ission , p o w e r steering, p o w e r brake s, air co n ­ ditioned , rad io, w hite sid e w alls, A M /T M stereo, tilt w heel, 1 5 ,o o o m ile s . ............. 
>8195 

'76 PONTIAC TRANS AM autom atic tra n s­ m ission , p o w e r steerin g, p o w e r b rakes, air conditioned, rad io , w h ite sid e w alls, A M -F M tape, p o w e r d o o r locks, cruise control, tilt w neel, p o w e r w in d o w s, sp e cial w h e els an d w h ite tensed tires, 11 ,5DO m ile s 
. ........... .. 
*5895 

W h ite w ith bu ckskin a u to - 
7 6 CUTLASS SUPREME r;,% oTvi° mettle tra n sm issio n , p o w e r ste e rin g, p o w e r 
5 A H O C b ra k e s, a ir conditioned, rad io, w hite sid e w a lls 
* J 

’76 MALIBU COUPE vin yl top, V S, autom atic tran sm ission , p o w e r ste e rin g, p o w e r b ra k e s, 
J R A D C a ir conditioned, rad io, w h ite s id e w a lls ................ 
9 o J J 
’76 MERCURY COUGAR V8 ^aufomatiT transmission, power steering, oowe sidewalls, low mileage power steering, power brakes, air conditioning, radio, white 

’76 VEGA NOMAD W AGON S T I with 
I vinyl fop, 4 cylinder, 3 speed, radio, mag wheels, 2,8oo miles, still under S O Q Q C w arranty 
................................................................. 
A 

’76 IMPALA SEDAN p o w e r steering, p o w e r brokes, air conditioned, rad io, w hite sid e w alls. S Q Q Q C lO W M IL E A G E .................... 
$ 2 7 ? 

’76 NOVA COUPE m a f ic * transm ission , a ir co nditioning, p o w e r ste e rin g, p o w e r brake s, 

 s2995 conditioned, rad io, w h ite sid e w a lls 

’75 FORD LTD SEDAN top, 
V8, * a u tom atic tran sm ission , p o w e r ste e rin g, p o w e r b rakes, air conditioned, rad io, w h ite sid e w alls, SO SO s e a t s ........... ......................................................... 
' y r M A I I D I I C L A SSIC SED A N , b u ckskin w ith b e ige 
/ 7 l Y l A L I D U vin yl top, 
V -8 , a u tom atic tra n s­ m ission , p o w e r steerin g, p o w e r brake s, air 
-o n d itio n e d , radio, w hite sid e w a lls, cruise co n ­ trol, tilt w h e e l ..................................................... 
75 MONTE CARLO COUPE ro£h 
V S , au to m atic tran sm ission , p o w e r ste e rin g, p o w e r b ra k e s, a ir conditioned, rad io, w hite sid e w alls. 
..................................... .. 
’75 FORD GRAND TORINO SEDAN 
G -e e n w ith b e ig e v in y l top, 
V8, a u tom atic tran sm ission , p o w e r ste e rin g, p o w e r brake s, air conditioned, rad io, w h ite s id e w a lls .............. 
75 OLDS DELTA ROYALE CONVERTIBLE 
Blue w ith w h ite top, 
V S , au tom atic tra n s­ m ission , p o w e r ste e rin g, p o w e r b rakes, a ir con dition ed, rad io, w h ite sid e w alls, 
1 9 ,oo o 
SA B O C m m ites .................. .............................................. 
' 9 7 J 
' l r rr \ \ i n a n C re a m w ith b u ck sk in vin y l top, V8, 
/ J ( . U U U A K autom atic tran sm ission , p o w e r 

*3995 

’3495 

*3995 

*2695 

 ste e rin g, p o w e r b rak e s, a ir conditioned, radio, w n ite sid e w a lls 
...................... .. 
'4 5 9 5 
75 MALIBU CLASSIC WAGON ifiv’eV'o^ tan, 
V S , autom atic tru n sm iss'on , p o w a r steering, p o w e r b ra k e s, a ir conditioned, rad io, S O A O C w h ite sid e w a lls ..........................................................< JO “ 3 
! 7 J n r I 
A i n C E D A Ik l B ro m e , 
V -8 , autom atic 
/ 4 D E L A I K J E U A N tran sm ission , p o w e r steering, p o w e r brake s, air conditioned, rad io, S O A O C w h ite sid e w alls, L O W M IL E A G E 
........................... L ' l T j r A D D I C E 4 
D O O R 
H A R D T O P . 
D ork b ro w n 
/ 4 L A r K I L C w:th b e ig e v in y l top, V -8 , a u to ­ m atic transm ission , p o w e r steering, p o w e r 
$ O Q O C b rak e s, oir conditioned, rad io, w hite sid e w a lls . . L T Y J 
’74 PONTIAC GRAND PRIX COUPE b u rgu n d y w ith w h ite v in y l top, V -8 , autom atic# p o w e r steering, p o w e r b ra k e s, air conditioned, 5 2 4 Q C rad io, w hite sid e w alls, b u cke t teats, console. . . f ¥ 
’74 PLYMOUTH SATELLITE COUPE 
Blue w ith w h ite vin y l top, 
V S, autom atic tran sm ission , p o w e r ste e rin g, p o w e r brake s, a ir 5 Q B O C conditioned, rad io, w h ite s id e w a lls .................... 
LO T J 

I T A / - D D M I IA I Blue, 6 cylin der, a u tom atic tr a m - S Q I O C 
74 GREMLIN m ission, rad io, w h itq sid e w a lls. , . 
Z I T J 
73 FORD TORINO COUPE m o tk tran sm it*- jsow er^ brake s, air con- * 2 2 9 5 ion, p o w e r steering, ditioned , rad io, w hite 

73 CORVETTE T TOP au to m atic trcm sm iss- ion, p o w e r ste e rin g, p o w e r b ra k e s, air con­ ditioned , radio, w hite sid e w alls, tilt w heel, ra lly w heels. ., 

’73 HORNET 2 DOOR d a rd 
^transm ission, $ | Q Q C w h ite sid e w a lls ....................................................... 
I V V I 
73 OLDS CUTLASS SUPREME COUPE 
B u rg a n d y w ith c h a m p a g n e vin yl top, a u to m a tic tran sm ission , p o w e r steering, pc b ra k e s, a ir conditioned, rad io, w h ite sid e w 
*2895 

Top dollar paid for clean cars. 
See us if you have one to sell. 

G as Saver, 1974 Colt, low mi fac­ tory air, 2-door hardtop, $1,85o. 
655-5567 
69 Poloro. Excellent Power, air. 
318. $75o or best offer. 349-o39o or 
699-o624 

‘7o Maverick, automatic, $7oo or 
______ best otter 927-3527________________ , 
73 M averick 6 cyl, stick shift, air, 737 - FORD new seat covers, excellent, $185o. a m -m w w . 
826- !9o6. 

MISSION 
C H E V R O L E T 
PHONE 
12oo S.E. Military 
924-2311 m m e w i 
J U 
J U 
U 

[SC H IB I 
M is s io n c h e v r o l e t : 
LIMITED! 
TRUCK SALE 
FULLY EQUIPPED SILVERADO 
PICKUPS...REDUCED 
*1,1oo 
OFF WINDOW 
M IG 

 wr 

’74 Maverick, power, air, A M -F M , 
Will trade, owner, $2,495. 349-2274 
•66 Mustang All orig. 289, power, 
Air, auto, bench seat, si35o. 
494-2358.__________________________ 
•72 M ustang. Auto., air, power. 
Good condition. $21oo 696-3757 
73 Mustang, automatic, air, power steering, vinyl roof. $2495. Call 
Manuel 341-9433__________________ 
'68 M u s ta n g 3o2, au to m a tic# power, factory air. full console fancy edition $1275 494-2724______ 
1971 M U ST A N G , blue and white, 
3o2 engine with automatic, loaded and clean. 5185o. 534-5445; nights 
432-6616.__________________________ 
197o M U S T A N G F A S T B A C K , standard. V-8, $1o95 "o s is " Coll: 
Dennis 222-o986___________________ 
•66 Mustang Fastback, 289, new tires, low mileage 922-4134_______ 
‘68 Mustang. Great gas m ileage! 
Extra clean. $1o5o. 432-665o.______ 
‘74 Mustang ll, auto, power, om- fm, 26,ooo mi, $235o. 736-7545. 
M ustang ll ’76, autom atic, air. 
Low miles. Gold and green. Like new Take up paym e n ts or seel 
$3485. 225-65o1 m ust ask for Don 
Holtz 
‘76 M u stan g ll 
2 dr. hardtop. 
Call: 333-6o41 or 333-oo64_________ 
'75 M u s ta n g ll G h ia . 4 cy l, 
4-speed, air, radials, tach., radio. 
$2,595 or best ofter. 824-4214; 
342-8922 after 3 p.m. 
'74 M ustang ll Ghia. V 6, auto. 
Loaded. Blue, white vin y l top. 
$25oo. 22o-2686; eves: 653-1o42 
•75 Mustang ll, 86oo mi, auto, air, power, $27oo, 433-7283, 436-o923 
'71 Mustang M ach I. 3o2 V 8. std., air, power. 24m pg. L ik e new, 
Owner $2495 341 2933___________ 
72 M ustang M a c h I Auto, air. 
Excellent 923-2525, atter 5:3o p.m. 
69 Mustang 3o2 V 8, auto, air, new tires, clean, 516oo. 733-9o52. 
N E E D A C A R ’ N E W or U S E D 
Will F IN A N C E with v e ry little cre d it! 
M a r r ie d , 
S in g le , 
D iv o rc e d . C a ll: 
B o b P u e n te 
222-811 or 222-1685________________ 
•74 P IN T O . Blue, 2-door 34,ooo mile. Autom atic, radio. Excep# ll bonally clean. $1o83, or take up payments. 225-65o1 m ust ask for 
Don Holtz 
______________ 
1927 P IN T O C R U S IN W A G O N . 
Bank reno. Sacrifice! Call: Char- lie 282-o986_______________________ 
‘76 Pinto. 2-door, air, heater, radio. Excellent condition. $25oo. 
225-6721.Eves: 826-5394.__________ 
■75 Pinto 3 door. M ust sell. Will help finance. 433-1464.____________ 
•74 Pinto 24-32 m pg, excellent cond. David 342-8552 ofter 7______ 
■73 Pinto Runabout. Loaded. E x ­ cellent cond. I owner. $1625. R i­ chard: 225-511 1 M on. thru Fri. 
8:3o to S.__________________________ 
73 Pinto Runabout, automatic, air, 
21.ooo miles. I owner. Call Manuel 
341-9433.___________________________I 
'73 PIN T O R U N A B O U T $125o 
V E R Y C L E A N S T A N D 435-1641 
72 Pinto Runabout, air, owner 696-8386, 826-7621 _________ 
'76 Pinto Runabout, air, pow er steering, under 3ooo mi. 432-3313 
1974 P IN T O R U N A B O U T , sta n ­ dard, air, low m iles. Good g a s mileage. A ssum e balance. Call: 
Dennis 222-o986___________________ 
'73 P IN T O , 4 speed, real nice. 
$1295. 494-5313.____________________ 
'73 Pinto Squire station wagon. 
57.ooo mi, SHOO att 5 699-1359 
197? Pinto station wagon. 3o,5oo miles, auto air, new tires. $1625 
New Braunfels 1-625-1928 
T ake o ve r p a y m e n ts on m y 
F O R D L T D 225-79o9 
64 T B IR D good cond. 658-9269 
73 T Bird, loaded M ust sell. Will help finonce. 433-1464.____________ 
76 T Bird Luxury Interior Grop ?38 • LINCOLN 
Pow er w ind ow s, p o w e r seots, 
A M -F M Stereo, Leather trim with gold luxury group. Call Manuel 
341-9433 

We have a good selection of new trucks with special dis­ counts like the fully loaded Silverados. 
Compare the features below and you ll see this is the best truck deal in town. 

• 35o - 4l)bl V8 • HYDRAMATIC TRANSMISSION • 
POWER STEERING • RADIO • AIR CONDITIONING • 
TINTED GLASS • ELECTRIC CLOCK • AUXILIARY 
FUEL TANK • LARGE EXTERIOR MIRRORS • TWO- 
TONE PAINT • CHROME GRILL • CUSTOM VINYL 
BENCH SEAT • CARPET • M ANY MORE SILVERADO 
FEATURES 
#3o44, 3o1o, 3o35, 3o66 
USED TRUCK SPECIALS! 
7 6 CHEVROLET STEPSIDE SWB w ith C A M P E R C O V ER . Blue, 6 cylin - S O O Q J ? der, a u to m a tic tran sm ission , p o w e r ste e rin g, rad io, w h ite s id e w a lls ................* . 
% IO # 3 
7 6 FORD STYLESIDE CUSTOM LWB W h ite , 
V S , autom atic 
' tran sm ission , p o w e r ste e rin g, p o w e r b ra k e s, a ir co nditioning, rad io, w hite 
O Q j P s id e w a lls..........................................................................................................................b5 o t 3 
76 DODGE SPORTVAN 3 SEAT Blue, V S , au to m atic transm ission , S ^ I C I Q C p o w e r ste e rin g, p o w e r b ra k e s, a ir conditioning, rad io, w h ite s id e w a lls w # 3 
75 LUV PICKUP W h ite , 4 cylin der, 4 spe e d , a ir co nditioning, rad io, w hite $ * } Q O C sid e w a lls ..........................................................................................................................X O t 3 
75 CHEVROLET SILVERADO LWB Blue A w hite, V 8 , autom atic tran sm ission , p o w e r ste e rin g, p o w e r b rak e s, a ir con d ition in g, rad io, w hite j i A n r sid e w a lls ..........................................................................................................................t t Z V J 
75 CHEVROLET FLEETSIDE LWB Blue, V S , a u to m a tic transm ission , p o w e r ste e rin g, p o w e r b ra k e s, a ir conditioning, rad io, w h ite s id e w a lls ..................s J O V 3 
75 CHEVROLET FLEETSIDE LWB G o ld & w h ite , V 8 sta n d a rd tra n s- 
$ O J L Q C m ission , a ir co n d itio n in g, r a d io ....................... 
3 o 7 3 
75 GMC FLEETSIDE C re a m , 2 9 2 -6 cylinder, sta n d a rd tran sm ission , A M -F M 

74 EL CAMINO G re e n , 4 5 4 -V 8 , 4 spe e d , p o w e r ste e rin g, r a d io 
*2795 
74 FORD XLT 3/4 TON w ith cam p er, blu e a n d w hite, V8, a u tom atic tran sm ission , p o w e r ste e rin g, p a w e r b ra k e s, a ir conditioned, rad io, w hite i O O O C s id e w a lls ...................................................................................................................................... 
O O T J 
74 DODGE g o ld & w hite, V 8 , au to m atic tran sm ission , p o w e r steerin g, p o w e r b ra k e s, a ir con dition ed, ra d io , w h ite s id e w a lls . 
...................................................../ 3 
74 GMC FLEETSIDE LWB Blue & w h ite 4 5 4 V B , au to m atic tran sm ission , S O O Q C p o w e r ste e rin g, p o w e r b r a k e s, a ir co nditioning, rad io, w h ite s id e w a lls ........... .. u 
Z 
/ j 
73 CHEVROLET 3/4 TON FLEETSIDE W h ite A blue V8, autom atic tran sm ission , p o w e r steerin g, p o w e r b ra k e s, oir con d ition in g, rad io, w h ite t < ) Q Q C sid e w alls, n e w t i r e s ............................................................................................................... 
L O T J 

' 7 1 
E n o n C T V I c a n c 
®,ue * W hite, V 8 , au to m atic tran sm ission , p o w e r 
• I r v n u J I I L C / I L / C ste e rin g, p o w e r b rak e s, a ir conditioned, rad io, S Y O f l f w h ite s id e w a lls ......................7. 
................................................................. 
I T T O 
71 CHEVROLET FLEETSIDE LWB G re en , V B , sta n d a rd tran sm ission , 
$ 1 ( J Q C rad io. 
............................ 
I 7 7 3 
’68 CHEVROLET STEPSIDE d ition ed . . .rr^.rrmr. * r r . ’1795 

 the little cheeper dealer 
MISSION 
CHEVROLET! 
12ooS.E.MilitaryDr. 
924-2311 
Daily 8 a.m.-9 p.m. 
Sot. 8 o.m.-6 p.m. 

PUT MAMA IN A NEW 77 FORD 
RUCK orVAN or MINI-MOTOR HOME 

 on MOTHER’S DAY 

 s 
’- r n 
. 
WE HAVE THE RIGHT 
M INI-M O TO R HOME 
JUST FOR YOU 

WE HAVE A REAL 
GOOD SELECTION 
OF VA N S 

WE HAVE 
THE RIGHT 
SUPER CAB 
1977 SUPER 
FOR YOU 
(25o) 
_ 
NORTH CENTRAL FORD 
98oo SAN PEDRO 
341-5571 
OPEN SUNDAY NO ON ’til 7 P.M. 

'77 T-Bird, must sell now and will help finance. 433-1464. 

1975 Lincoln Continental, 4-door sedan, I owner, fully equipped 
2o,oo8 mi. $6,85o. Can be seen at 
Jim m y Lon g's Gulf Station 3619 S. 
Zarzam ora 

1976 Thunderbird An exceptional autom obile! O nly 12,ooo m iles. 
Silver blue-glo. M u st sell. Call: 
Charlie 222-o986 

1972 L IN C O L N 4-door 
H as all pow er equipm ent. Solid black. 
Very clean. M ust sell. Coll: Den­ nis 222-o986 

•71 T H U N D E R B IR D , top con di­ tion $2195. 333-9355 
1975 T H U N D E R B IR D , It s got it all. Extra clean car. All power. 
Make otter, must sell. Call: Den­ nis 222-o986 

Lincoln M a rk IV 76, rose on rose 
19,ooo miles. $95oo 824-o254; atter 
4 and weekends. 344-7747. 
‘73 M A R K IV, b urgun dy, black roof, tilt seots, leather interior, loaded. $5,ooo 658-3856. 

1 974 
T H U N D E R B I R D , e x t r a clean. Cloth interior. M u st sell. 
P le a se m ake offer. C o ll: M r. 
Bennett 722 o986 

•73 M a rk IV, $48oo '74 Continental 
Se d an , 545oo. *7o C o n tin e n ta l 
Sedan, $15oo. Individual. 344-3oo1. 

74 TORINO. $1595 
68o3 S. Flores 

‘73 M ark IV Extra nice. Sunroof, loaded 551oo Coll: 494-6157 
M A R K IV ‘74 Loaded, excellent cond 575oo Call: 653-7171. 

69 Torino W agon. Pow er, air, auto., 351 V 8. 595o. 653-2oo3 

737 FORD 
738 LINCOLN 

M A R K IV '7S-S7695. Pow er w in­ dows. Silver Luxury Group. New radial fires. Take up paym ents. 
225 65o1 Must ask for Don Holtz 

7 3 9 -MERCURY 

72 Colony P ark IO passenger sta­ tion wagon. All pow er and air. 
New brakes, new tune-up. E xce l­ lent cond. I owner. 59,ooo mi. Best otter over 5185o 492-172o 
73 Cornel, V-8, auto, power steer­ ing, air, A M -FM , excellent cond. 
655-o977 After 5. ________ 
68 C O U G A R 7 dr Hardtop 
K IN N E Y M O T O R S 
3928 BrpudwOy__________ 828-2213 
75 Cougar. Powder blue, oir, au­ to Excellent. Coll: 494-5956. 
1976 C O U G A R X R 7, L O A D E D ! including tilt wheel, cru ise con­ trol, stereo. Call: Dennis 222-o986 
'74 C o u g a r X R 7 . S ilv e r, fully looded All power. Eves: 674-oP83 
'76 M a rq u is, d ark brow n, le ss than 13,ooo miles, 2 dr, m any ex­ tra s, m u st see to a p p re c ia te . 
55295. 684 5773 after 5 pm. 
______ 

739-MERCURY 

76 M ercury Cougar XR7, loaded. 
552oo 732-2632 anytime. 
'75 M ercury M arq uis Brougham . 
Fully loaded, new tires. 1-42o-2o53. 
‘74 M e r c u r y M a r q u is W 
Loaded, new tires. Leaving 
52965 or make ofter 684-2 u 
73 M ercury Montego Brougham 
523oo 828-85o6 after 5: p.m. 
'76 M E R C U R Y M o n a rc h Ghio. loaded, am-fm stereo, great gas mileage. 54495. 654 o544 
'72 M ercury Montego 9-passenger wagon 51495 432-2644, 432-266o 
'76 M o n a rc h 13,ooo m iles, air, power, am-fm $43oo 681 2385 

74o - OLDSMOBILE 

A U T O F A IR B U Y 
74 C U T L A SS $24oo-435-1641 

'76 M e r c u r y B o b c a t V illa g e r 
W agon, loaded with all options. 
Below blue book, $3675 675-o765__ 

Clean 1976 Used C a rs At: 
B U D G E T R E N T A CAR-349-4443 
338 N E. Loop 41o at Airport Blvd 

IN Int EXPRESS NEWS 
CA II JJS 1666 

,1976 M A V E R I C K 4-door, V 8, autocratic, air, power Exception ally clean! Call: Charlie 222 o986 

74 M averick 2-dr., 6 cyl. Auto., air, $23oo 349-4o73; 656-32o8 

CAU 225 1666 

•72 Continental M a rk IV, $4ooo or best ofter 532-6886. 
---------------"j1 "J J'S'.'I 868---------------- 
__ EXPRESS AN D NEW S 
[ 

739 MERCURY 

A U T O F A IR B U Y 
'74 C O M E T $15oo, A IR , A U T O , 
32o, V-8, 435-1641 
____________ 

69 M ercury Colony P ark 9 pass. wagon, power, 555o 699-3513_____ 
7 5 M e rc u ry Comet, 6 cylinder, 
4-door, air, power steering, $265o 
494-269o Oft 5prn _________________ 

•73 Custom C ru ise r W agon Ex 
Ires, well maintained 824-9721 
I '74 Cutlass Custom C ruiser 9 pal senger, all power, fully loaded 
53ooo firm. 824 9673. 8om-Spm 
CALL 225-1 666 

718 • TRUCKS t C M W K U l 748 - TRUCKS I M 
M 
U 
7(8 ■ TRUCKS I COMMTRCIM 7(8 ■ TRUCKS I COMMTRCIU 
7(8 TRUCKS S C M C I R l rW IUBSSUSTS_ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ TRAitFRS RUSES 
TTUlliBS BUSES 
H U I T O W 

S o n A n t o n i n F X P R F S S N E W 
S — 
S j n d o v M O V 8 
1 9 7 7 
TRAILERS, BUSES 
HHP! 

WE'RE 
OVER- 
STOCKED 
SPECIAL PURCHASE OF M A X I-V A N S JUST ARRIVED. 

Includes: V -8 engine, auto­ 

 m atic transm ission, pow er 

 steering, pow er b ra kes, air 

 conditioning, 
AM -FM /tape 

 deck, 4-Captain chairs, m a g ^ ^ 

 w heels, luggage rack, spare 

 tire carrier, flipper w in ­ 

 dow s, dinette, ice box, sink, 

 fully carpeted, and 
DIS­ 

COUNTED... 

* 
1 
4 
8 
7 
. 5 
2 

SALE E N D S M O N D A Y 9 P M 

: 73 GW 12 yd dum p tru c k 
’ o 
C h iv y 12 vd dum p 'r n ch. both fwm strew s A sk ter Tex sr Roy 
: Jenkins, 1-334 4231 
___________ 
G S AN D E SO BO T R U C K S A LE S 
IM IO and VV W White Road 
______ 
M i 4 1 2 1 
_____ 
H a n d ym a n S p e c ia l! SR Chevy" v o n Runs p e rfe ct! B e st otter. 
(33 >»42 Coll otter 8_____________ 
M A U L IN G 
7$ C h e w P u m p . tW 8 J«too. power air aute. with 
JO' q oosen eck H otbed t ro lle r 
P e rfe c t tor hay. w a te rm e lo n s b u ild in g m a te ria ls B o th o n ly a m 39.ooo m.ies 6g-osss 
I n D I VI D UA L ' W A N T ?" T (T BU Y com pletely chopped T riu m p h or 
Hondo Coll: 317 46o6 

I n te r n a tio n a l T r u c k s 
71$ Sieves Aye sui son 

8o2 MOTOR HOMES SALES REWT 8o2. 

MoToR H O M M 
M 
U 
RO7 
MOTOR HOMES SAUS B M 
8o2 
MQIOR HOMES SAUS B W 
MOTOR HOMIS SAUS fifjjll 

SS international bus. ss soot cop.. 
Good condition Coll SIJ 374-3'RO or i i J 374-39o3 night S3 OOO 

ASSORTED 

DECORS 

AND PLUSH 

STYLINGS! 

73 international t*lo-E Fleetstar 
' w ith 2o' Tee® re frig e ra te d bo* a n d p ro p o n e T h e rm o k in g re in g e s t io n u n it m o d el M T JO 
$49 VB $ speed with 2 speed split ante. 1$o poi aas capacity good tire s E m p ty w eigh t 19,3oo lb toad capacity 28,o4o lb VT VOO Call 
Sam, 1-837 ss IC, Mon. F ri.________ 
1967 Internotionol iSOO series, 14 flamed with JOOO lb cap. E»ec lift tailgate SUSQ 6*5 *718, SRS 32o5 
L A R G E A S S O R T M EN T LA T E 
M O D E L H E A V Y D U T Y 
D IE S E L T R U C K T R A C T O R S 
HOFFER TRUCK CO 
1 7*8-3254 
IN T E R N A T IO N A L T R U C K 
SA LE S AN D S E R V IC E 
P Q B om 411 H a lle t t s v ille ,T « 
73 Model A ll Window ’ * Ton Van. toke up paym ents, *23-7415 
M u st se ll th is week 
77 FO R D 
VA N , a ir and power 22$ 7*o* 
!®7S Owens tro lle r, 18' bed. 4' alum inum sides, 4 wheel brakes, 
12oo m i, new-$35oO S a c rific e ! 
$22oo 4*4 6421 

• w 

74o OLDSMOBILE 

7$ C u tlass 4 dr. loaded $355o, 
34*-33*8 evenings, weekends 
72 C U T L A S S . LO W M I L E S 
828-S35S, Ofter 7 6*6 o3o3 

7(1 PLYMOUTH 

75 P L Y M O U T H V A LIA N T 6 CVI 
F u lly E q uipped. 17.ooo M iles. I 
Owner 684-3719 

'76 C u tla s s Salo n 
M in i cond 
A M -FM tape. cruise control Air, power, Landau top 34) 2o68 
I 
?3 C u tla ss S u p re m e 2 d r, a ll 742 * PONTIAC power, vinyl top, very clean Call 
6®* 1o25 

'77 Plym outh V olare Sport Coupe 
318 eng., 4-spd. A M -F M 8-track 
54ooo 6*8-2228. 

C u tla ss Suprem e 7 $ Auto, AM 
P M stereo, tilt steerin g , sw ive l seats.S4l75. 681-2766 Or 344 213* 
7?'Cutlass Suprem e C onvertible 
Autom atic, a ir, power steerin g. p o w e r b ro k e s , b u c k e t s e a ls 
$2495 Call M onuel 341 *433 
C u tla s s S u p re m e TA, A M -F M , power, air, I owner, 341-76o3 
76 Cutlass Supreme, loaded, orig. owner, good buy 6*1-16o8________ 
1*75 
C U T L A S S 
S U P R E M E 
2-d oor. H o s e v e ry th in g ! S4oo eq u ity assu m e b a la n ce . C a ll 
Dennis 222-o986__________________ 
'73 C u tla ss S u pre m e , l-o w n e r 
E xccllent 
828-63$$. after 
7 -6*6-o3o3______________________ 
74 Cutlass Supreme V erv clean! 
878-6355. atter 7:-6*6-o3o3________ 
C u tlass Suprem e 76 L ik e new 
Lo a d e d ' Take over p a ym e n ts. 
225 65o1, must ask for Don Holtz 

AU T O FA IR B U Y 
'71 P O N T IA C 58oo-435 1641 
B onneville 64 Good cond . low mi Power, air. S625 or best ofter. 
436 33*7; 436-3461._______________ 
B onneville, '71, 4-door hardtop, excellent condition. I owner. Good gas mileage. 1-426-37*o__________ 
68 B on n eville, good tra n spo rta bon, $5oo o r best ofter C all after 4 pm weekdays, 828-6556___________ 
I 21 Catalina. Low mileage, powerl air, 4-door $1o5o. 675-o434._______ i '7o F ireb ird, air, power, I owner, 
A l condition, 341-4323, 6*6-4225. 
. 72 F ir e b ir d . L o a d e d ! C le a n . 
;828-6355, ofter 7:-6*6-o3o3 
1976 F I R E B I R D I-owner to a d ­ ied. 826-9656. 695-8o56 

* 7 o F O H l l 
I ’ M K l !* 

 a h i a a h 

A l T O 
. 

$ ; t t ) 8 8 

W L L 

2 
2 
5 
- 7 
o 
o 
o 

■1973 F IR E IRO. l-owner. Loaded! 
!826-9565, 695-8o56 

Cutlass Supreme 197o Coupe 35o 
V8. auto a ir. pow er w in d ow s, radio 8 track, radials. 349-45*5 
After 7pm, 661-6o*2 
71 Delto 88. A ir, power, radials 
Good cond. $1195, 696 135* 

74 Grand Ann 2-dr , lodded Good condition. 53ooo. 344-4o2o 
G ra n d P r ix '73 
Im m a c u la te ' 
44,ooo miles, power, air. V in yl top. 
I 625-6132. 
'75 
G ra n d 
P r ix , 
L O A D E D ! 
823-6355, after 7:-696-o3o3 

76 Delta RS 4-dr Sedan, loaded bv owner Coll: 64* 1447. 

7o G rand P rix cond 344-4662 
42,ooo m i., m int 

■72 D E L T A Rovolte 2-door. load ed. V e rv nice S a c rifice , $16oo 
656 1965, 433-9926 
•75 Delta 88 Royoie 4-dr Like new, only 2o,ooo m iles Loaded with all 
8 extras 537*5. 696-7585 

Hertz Is Selling Quality 
Used Cors From Our R ental Fleet 
(1976 Used) 
1331 SOUTH T E R M IN A L 
F o r Inform ation Coll. 826-9665 
73 Olds Custom C ru ise r Wagon, 
B u rg an d v - B u rg o n d v in te rio r, ready for vacation S26*5. Gunn 
Oldsmobile. N .E. Loop 41o and 
Brood w ay 
__________ 

72 G R A N D V IL L E Cream Puff 
62,ooo m i and loaded M ust sell. 
New c a r is h e re . M a k e o ffe r 
349-2677 Days, 653-o182 Niles. 
74 O ran P rix Loaded, A M -F M stereo E xtra, extra clean inside and OUI! 53775. 4*4-6684. 

7 5 F O R D 

V t 
Ton 
IW B , 
V 8 , 

 a u to m a tic , a ir, 

 p o w e r s te e rin g , 

 d e a n . # 8 6 3 1 A. ' 

‘ 3 7 9 5 

A N C I R A W 
I N T O N 1 ! 

N FLORES AT MARTIN 225 S333j 

1976 Dodge Sp o rtsm en R oyale. 
826-9565. 695-8o56 

O W N ER O P E R A T O R S 
3 a x le t r a c t o r s a n d f la t bed 
I tra ile r s fo r sta te w id e h a u lin g 
| Plenty of freight, backhauls Fu ll settlem ent w eekly O lder tru cks 
; accepted. 924 7273, 333 58*4 
1*6* Pete C O E twin scre w . 25o 
C u m m in s , 
R o a d 
R a n g e r, excellent, $725o. A LSO Int. tra c ­ tors, conventional cabs 
512 655-2o82 

•59 D O D G E >j Ion P I C K U P 6 cylinder, $5oo. 344-6o23. 
•7o PO S T A L J E E P , 37,ooo m r ex­ cellent cond, auto 732 6oo6 

■74 Dodge Van, Coppertone. auto, 
P S, V 6 $285o 656 1359 
'73 R anchero, auto a ir, power 
Good cond 51895-333-7*87 

■75 Dodqe Von, Custom interior 
27,ooo miles. Icebox, storage. Best otter. 342-4787 after 6: 
77 Dodge Van, m ust sell now. w ill help finance 433-1464 
77 Dodge Van, must sell now, w ill help finance. 433-1464 
76 Dodge Von. 1 ? ton, silve r grey. 
L ik e new S ta n d a rd 6. S te re o 
M P X . Stripped inside, custom ize yourself! 342-67o4. 
71 Dodqe Van, 3aton. 6 std, air, custom interior, $16oo 695-3355 
D R IV E IN T R U C K S A L V A G E 
P IC K U P T R U C K P A R T S 
2o7 Laredo Hwy. 924-6551, 924 6552 

DUMP BED 
6 yard W ater Level Gallon Dum p 
Bed fixe. cond. $75o 
695-8*o5; 
6*5-32o5, 
'6* E l C a m in o. A ir. lo p e , FM 7 perfec mech. Cond, m ony extras, 
$1,o5o 826-7o1o. 
•77 E L C A M IN O But b e tte r! A 
G M C Sprint 81,ooo mi. But this one they m ade right. Loaded-t- 
$185o. 828-4713 

77 Ranger X L T F ISO, power, air. excellent, $6o*5 344-8*5* 
1*76 R A N G E R X LT . F25o, 4 wheel drive. Loaded! Tool box, stereo, s lid in g re a r w indow Tw o lone paint. O n ly 17,ooo m ile s. C a ll 
Dennis 722-o9o6 

SACRIFICE 
1*64 Four ton Ford tru ck with V an body 22,ooo to tal m ile s. $15oo cash. Perfect condition. 624-2487, 
624-91o6 
SAN AN TO N IO T R U C K 
S A LE S A S E R V IC E 
GM C, 
D IAM O N D 
R EO . 
P E T E R B IL T 
881o IM IO EA ST , 661-4511 
SAN ANTON IO T R U C K S 
S A LE S & S E R V IC E 
GM C, Diam ond-Reo. Peterbuilf 
381o IH-1o 
661 4511 
SCHOO! Highway DI*tai B u tt! 
23o1 N O G ALIT O S 
534-671 1 
76 Scout co n v e rtib le , 4 w heel, loaded. CB stereo cassette, 9 mo. old, $5*5o. 69o-1793. 

N o w , ch oose the 
W in n ebago vo n lik e and del of f to a fun-filled Sum m er! 

2 1 ’ B R A V E 

 j S S L . 1 . 

B l i n 

P o w e r v e n t P k g ., t w o 3 o lb 

 b o t t le s 
I P g o s , front g lid e 

 a w a y b u n k , c r u is e c o n t r o l , 

 b a t t e r y 
& v a c u u m g u a g e s , 

 r e a r g li d e a w a y b u n k , a u x iliary g a s t a n k , 
C a n a d i a n 

C o d e 
P k g , s p a r e t i r e , spare tire c o v e r ," a u t o a i r , 

 g e n e r a t o r p r e p k i t , 
4 4 o 

 e n g in e , 
A M r a d i o 
& c lo c k , 

 w r a p a r o u n d c u r t a in 

| 2 o ’ M IN N IE W IN N IE | 

 ll 

 ii 

 ll 

 ll 

 ll 

 ll 

 ll 

 ll 

 ll 

 l lI. 

Bath, g a lle y pkg , tw o 3 o lb bottles IP gas. w ater & h o ld ­ ing guage, battery guage, w rap around curtain , spare tire, spare tire cover, generator p rep kit, 1 o o o BTU roo! air, autom atic a e. A M 
>adio 

$ 
1 
2 
, 9 
5 
o 
; 

Stock 
N o . I o 2 8 
I 
I 
I 

Burke M otor Hom e Center Inc. 

8 6 o o B r o a d w a y — b l o c k N o r t h L o o p 4 1 o 

5 1 2 - 8 2 8 - 9 1 3 4 

7(8-MOTORCVCUS SCOOTERS 

6* Trium ph SSO. New fires, paint. 
T errific condition, plus 2 helm ets 
732 83o1. 735-8o45 
'75 Trium ph Trident $15oo Of best offer Don: 433-7822 aft 4 
T ru im p h 75o B o n n e v ille , 
Clean, $95o 674-23o4 
73 

W hite R-6o-S B M W w ith m otion trends taring, touring tank. $1395. 
Uvalde 278 8158 evenings 
Y a m a h a 125 c c ., c o m p le te ly re b u ilt, e le c t r ic s ta r!, s ig n a l lights, runs lik e new $25o C a ll after 5 pm. 655-4772, 

758 AIRCRAFT services, supplies 
8o1 CAMPERSTRM S 

1*75 S K Y H A W K 85o TT, dual 36o 
N AVCO M , ILb, A D F , F X P Like new . A s k in g $17,95o. See at 
Hanger 9- Stinson 
1*46 STINSON 1o8,15o Hp Frank fill $5,ooo. 653 3976 
W E B U Y , S E L L , OR T R A D E ! 
Call Frank Adam s or John Meek 
659 1968 

8o1 CAMPERS TRAILERS 

7 6 E l C a m in o C o n a u ista . fu lly loaded, low m iles, excellent con­ dition. 1-249 8137. 

74 SC O U T ll. E x c e lle n t, ( w ill drive. 19 OOO mi., 537oo 652-3514; 
658-o321. Cap! Turner 

74 Yam aha 17 SCC, tra il or street, 
$42o 698-27o6 

•73 Scout pickup ( WD, -I owner. 
828-6355, after 7: 696-o3o3 

7 4 Y a m ah a E n d u ro 25o Good cond $5oo or best ofter 333-2654 

1974 A irstre a m 29’ A m bassador 
Sleeps S. am, stereo, lack, etc W ill toke any type trade in 653-4161 

'67 ElCom ino Low mileage, good cond $1ooo 698-7119; 6*8-1439 
'73 El Comino, Mags, new paint, air, good cond $265o 435-2517 
71 ElCom ino Super Sport. M U ST 
S E L L ! Call: 222-1342. 

Take over paym ents, '75 Chev ro le t p ic k u p 
No e q u ity . C a ll 
824-76o6 atter 7: 494-5734_________ 
T ake over p a ym e n ts on m y 75 
C O U R IE R 275-79o9 

Y a m ah a E n d u ro 8o. 1*73, $25o 
Honda CL 125, 1974, $325 Both low mileage Good condition (94-5739 
I 
'76 Y A M A H A 65o 
Luggage rock, cissy bar, crash bars, (3oo mc, $14oo Coll 657 2599 

1971 A irstream I" xcella 5oo This it Airstream ':, top in the line! All extras, in clu d in g aw ning Rosa sonably priced, w ill take tradp iii 
653 4161 
22' A irstre a m T ra ile r, excellent condition, 
1338 M ontview ofter 
5pm 

1977 B la z e r a w hee! d riv e , 
Cheyenne package, auto, air and m o re . 
15oo m ile s . 
$7475 
1-625-4721. New Braunfels 

Gran P rix 1974. loaded! A M -FM , 
22,ooo m iles. Take up paym ents. 
225-65o1 m ust ask tor Don Holtz 
Gran Safari Wagon, 
One owner. 
Low 
656-2743 

•76. Loaded. m c 
$5,795 

73 G R A N V IL L E 4-OOOR 
Loaded. Clean $18oo 494-3126 

1975 O LDS Cutlass S. 2 dr. Load­ ed. extra clean. 
18,ooo miles. 
341-3485 
73 O ld s C u tla s s , lo a d e d , bv owner. $22oo 699-193*. 734-o515 
J6 O L D S C u tla s s S u p re m e . coupe Factory air, am tm stereo 
Red. white vinyl too 
$47oo. 
6*6 7558_________________________ 
1976 Olds Cutlass Suprem e 2-door 
B u c k e t se a ls a u to m a tic , a ir, power Vinyl roof 
$4865 
Coll C harlie 272 o986 
1*76 O lds C u tla ss 4-door MusT sell!! M ake ofter Call 
Leonard 
Bennett 227 o986_________________ 
1977 O L D S C U T L A S S S A L O N 
7 door. au to m atic, pow er ste e r­ ing brakes, rolie v wheels, vinyl root. Power windows, power seat, stereo T ilt w heel. 17oo m ile s. 
Sacrifice! Call Charlie 222-o986 

65 CTO 389. 4oo heads, Muncie, 
4.56 re a r 
M a g s, m an y h i-p e r paris. $95o 1-278-2145. 

72 Bronco, good cond , 4 whl dr . 
39,ooo mc, $78oo, 344-o771 
67 B R O N C O P ic k u p 4 -w h e e l d riv e S ta n d a rd E x tr a c le a n ! 
Call: Dennis 222-o986 
75 Bronco 4 wheel drive, 3o2 V8, a u x ilia ry tan k, power steerin g , power brakes, 14,ooo m iles. $4595. 
Call M anuel 341-9433 

73 
G T O 
V -8, a u to . 
$1695-432-2644, 432-266o a ir . 

H A V E (2) '71 G R A N D P R IX S 
B oth L O A D E D ! ! 
B o th h a v e power w indow s, b u ckets seats. air, v in y l roof One b la ck , one b lu e . T a k e e ith e r one 
$1995 
Leonard Bennett 222-o986________ 
I L E M A N S , A U T O M A T I C . $435 
I CASH. N EW L IC E N S E , IN S PE C - 
| TION. H U R R Y ! I 828-6959________ 
11973 L E M A N S 2-door. air, power, auto 
$2395. 
Coll 
M r 
Bennett 
222-o986 

C E N T U R Y W R E C K E R S A LE S 
D istributors Century W reckers 
16o3 NO. A L A M O 
225-6146 

'64 E l Cam ino VS. auto, oir, $65o 
135 Newport, 655-6897. 
545oo 
25 TON LO W BO Y 

75 F2So Custom Super Cob Good stron g tru ck Auto a ir, power 
C all M r. Bennett 222-o*86 
1975, F IOO C u sto m . V e ry low m iles A ll pow er Insulated and paneled cam per. 
Call: 
Dennis 
222-o*86 

76 Toyota P icku p , 1,6oo m iles, air. 4 speed, lake up paym ents 
$111.69 828-2283 

Y a m a h a 36o m x 
V e rv c le a n ! 
R u n s g re a t! M u s t see. $525 
534-355 atter I 
P M 

71 T O Y O T A P I C K U P 
R U N S 
G O O D G O O D G A S M I L E A G E 
FIR S T $59o CASM. 828-6759 

75 Y a m a h a RD 35o e x c e lle n t cond, extras $6oo 658 9753 after 6 pm. 

1975 A p a ch e E a g le 4oo, n e ve r used $1195 1o23 Fabulous. 

ROADRUNNER 
TRAVEL TRAILER 
SALES 
HI-LO TRAVEL 
TRAILERS 

4 9 3 o RIG SBY 
6 4 8 -o o 6 o 

8o1 -CAMPERS TRAILERS 

Used o* C A B O V E R C A M P E R 
H A R P E R 
M O TO R 
C A M PI. RL A N D 
24o1 S W M ilita ry 924 SSM 

7o Appt he R u m a d a E x c e lle n t condition, m any extras Sleeps 7 
51ISo 349 4o7o 

74 Flat trailer, 12 tires. 3o.ooo lb cap $275o. 656-o527. 

V A N S : B u v - S e ll- T r a d e 
6831 S . F L O R E S 
923-4211 

75o WANTED-AUTOS, TRUCKS, 
TRAILERS, MOTORCYCLES 

7o Ford B ron co, 4-wheel d rive 
A ir E xtra clean! $35oo-648-o48o 
75 FO R D B R O N CO , 4 wheel drive, a ir, excellen t conditon. 736-4296, nites 695-8466 

W A N T ED : G M C V-6 diesel engine o r tru c k 
W ill pay re a s o n a b le price. After 6: 624 2739 

Buy Old Cars, Trucks. Etc 
F R E E P IC K U P 
627-2711 
Atter 5: 633 2o3o 

A R IS T O C R A T T ravel T ra ile rs 
The choice of the quality buyer 
R A H M B E R G RV C E N T E R 
2271 AU STIN H W Y 
655-o251 
Bargain Hunter Special! 1975 Ap pie b v T en t C a m p e r 
J u s t lik e new! 653 4161 

W AN TED : 
O L D E R P IC K U P 69o-1o22 

69 C H A T E A U FO R D VAN 
E x c e p tio n a lly c le a n , lo a d e d . 
$23oo. 1-278-31o5 Ofter 6 pm 
1974 C h e v ro le t, a ir, s ta n d a rd . 
Verv clean! 
828-6355, after 
7:-696-o3o3 

75 Ford C am per Van. air, cruise c o n tro l, lu lly c a r p e te d a n d p a n e le d , s in k , r e fr ig ., s to v e , 
13,ooomi $695o 655 455o 

74 X L picku p with C am per A-i c o n d itio n , lo a d e d . I o w n e r. 
433-6oo3; 433-2424. 

CALL ME FIRST! 
Lost titles no problem 
TO P CASH for Junk Cars 
*23-4422 

B LA N C O P R O D U C T S 
N O M AD R E D D A L E JA Y C O 
41o at Broadw ay 824-2981 

'75 Chevrolet Cheyenne, like new! 
54495 W ill trode 923-2883________ _ 
1967 Chevrolet pickup, short bed, step side, 6 sta n d a rd , A M F M , super condition. $1495. 826-6128. 

76 Ford Chateau Von Power, air, 
A M -FM , VB. Like new' W ill trace or cash. 623-2564 anytim e 
73 F o rd C o u rie r w ith C am p er. 
38,ooo mi. S1995. 736-5353 aft 5 

S u b u rb a n 

■76 F o rd C u sto m ize d 
Van 
Loaded! 
Eves: 
656-3511 

C la s s ic ' 
656-42oo 

 i '69 LeMans. 2-door, air. all power, good tires, interior like new. 
'492 23o3 
•74 L E M A N S $1695 
I SPO RT GT C O U P E 35,ooo mi. 
1_________ 
435 i64l_______ _ 
69 L e M a n s W agon D am ag ed , 
, m echanically sound. 
$4oo. 
653-15o9 
_________ 

5 m atched w heels and tires. C B, 
I A M -F M stereo, pow er ste e rin g 
I and b ra ke s, a ir S p e cia l paint. 
I Call Bill: 8 to 5 653-4161; after 6 
I 69o-8694. 

76 O L D S C u tla s s S u p r e m e 
W agon. 17,ooo ml. a ir, stereo . 
Power locks 655-74o8 atter 6 p.m. 
73 O lds C u tlass V-8, auto. o ir, 
> 1695-432 2644, 432-266o___________ 
7 j O LDS Delta 88 5o,ooo m i Good cond $2o*5 6*6-3816______________ 
71 O ld s D e lta R o y a le C ou p e, 
Beige • Beige v in y l roof, 48,ooo m iles. $17*5 G u nn O ld sm o b ile , 
N E Loop (IO and Broadw ay 
1973 Olds ‘98 4-door. Needs a little work Bul looks good and drives good $1495 Call: Dennis 222-o986 
71 Olds '88' E x tra clean! $1395 
W ill trade 923-2883 

72 Lu x u rv LeM an s, one owner, 
4o,ooo miles. 
828-6355, after 
7:-696-o3o3 

1973 
C h e v ro le t 
Cheyenne Super Pow er, om -fm , | 76 Ford Custom Von. 351 eng. 
4-wheel drive, Posi-traction, dual o ir, v e rv cle a n , $3,59o O w n er 
I 625-3562, eves, New Braunfels 
1974 Chevrolet Suburban, loaded! 
1 826 9565 695-8o56________________ 

75 CHEVROLET 34 
Ton C h eyenn e V-8, a u to m a tic. air, power No spin. D ual tanks. 
31.ooo m iles............................. S4695 
JA M ISO N M trs. Seguin, 223-52o1 

1975 X L T F1oO Super Cob E xtra sharp! Loaded. S a c rifice . C a ll: 
Dennis 222-o986 

748 MOTORCYCLES SCOOTERS 

Cash for clean c a rs and trucks. 
L a rry Cannon Auto Sales 
563o San Pedro 
828 6355 

8' C A B O V E R C A M P E R self con tamed, sleeps 5 684-3778 
C am per ca b o v e r tar O' pu, self cont, other extras, stove, icebox, sink, tacks $595 341-6938 oft J 

Yam aha 
69! 1257 

B A R G A IN 
HS, excellent cond. 

71 Ford Econline, J« ton, window van, V-8, standard, 333-335! 
T i Ford Econ line IOO Van. buy, very clean. 691 16o8 good 

M ust sell m y '73 P on tiac G ra n ­ v ille 
H a s e v e ry o p tio n . Low m iles. $185o firm A fte r 6 and 
; weekends, 349-3461 
Pontiac Bonneville 71 2-dr hard i top. I owner. Excellent cond., new 
I tires. $18oo. 695-8o26._____________ 
16® Pon tiac C atalin a , a ir, power 
{ s te e rin g a n d b ra k e s , ra d io , 
I heater, good con dition . $4oo or 
I best otter. C a ll otter lpm Sunday. 
349-8o21. 

75 Oldsm obile Starfire A ir, auto., 
11 OOO miles. $35oo. or better offer. 
657 3o88 or 828-213o 
__________ 
O ldsm obile Custom C ru is e r Ste lion Wagon. '73. Low m iles. M ust s e ll 
T a k e o v e r p a y m e n ts . 
225-6So) must ask tor Don Holtz 
•68 Oldsm obile Vista C ruiser, ext cond, pow er, a ir, new ra d ia ls , 
73 OOO nu. $1125. 1-899-26o1._______ 
76 O ld s O m e g a . 
4 -d r, low mileage, S3855. C all: 661-6498. 
•73 O LDS Royal 4 dr, o ir, power 
432-781 1; 822 1225._______________ 
■75 Olds Starfire V6, radio, no air. 
17,ooo m ile s L o o k s, ru n s lik e new! 494 6563 after 5:3o; anytim e weekends 
68 O LDS TO R O N A D O 
$5oo_____________________ 653-7o96 
'73 Olds Wagon 9 passenger. $1595 
4 32-2644, 432-266o 
_ _ _ _ _ 

71 Pontiac Catalina, low mileage, power, air, om-fm stereo, $11oo. 
673-1367 
1973 
P O N T I A C 
C A T A L I N A 
4-door Has vin yl top. air, power. 
$1495 Call: Dennis 222-o986 

1976 CHEVROLETS 
Ton pickup LW B Fleefside V-8, autom atic, air, and power 
$4695 
JA M ISO N M trs Seguin, 223-52o1 
•71 Chevrolet ton pickup. V S, auto air. $1595 432-2644, 432-266o 

77 FO R D E C O N O L IN E V A N . a l­ m ost new, m ust sell this week. A ir and power 225-79o9 
72 F o ra EIoo Van, 
C ah 341 9433 sta n d a rd 6 

Being tran sterred-M us! sell 1975 
S u zu k i G T Soo F u lly d re s s e d 
$1o9$ A lso 197$ S u zu k i GT25o, 
$595. Both b ik e s in sh o w ro o m condition! Call 655-9355 
BM W R9o-S. 1o,ooo m iles, K ra u se r bags, E z b e rg seat. 2 fa irin g s . 
Silver Smoke color. M an y quality extras. $3495. 1-773-31o4. p m 
35o 3 c y lin d e r K a w a s a k i, new tires, batteries, excellent cond 
732-313o 
E N G I N E , 1975 K a w a s a k e Z-1, with headers, carbs, and title. ISO 
Mi, l l . OOO Firm , 494-6421. 
H a n d le b a r, B a te s fa ir in g for 
35occ to 75o Cycle. $25 533-5668 

■75 Ford E xp lo re r h Ion. LW 6 standard. $2895 659 1265 

72 Chev 11 ton Von Custom. Call: 
Joe, 226-7353 ext. 246 
'73 Chevy Cheyenne Super 
$2575 
'73 Ford Auto, air, power .. $2475 
'7o Chevy Auto V-8, SWB 
$1475 
2o2 New laredo Hwv-924-2?!l 
1974 Chevy Custom IO, Loaded! 
826-9665, 695-8o56 
'76 
C h e v y 
D u a lly 
H o lm e s 
W recker. Telephone, stereo, CB 
Loaded! $995o. 222-1342. 

1977 FO R D F I 5o, auto. air, power 
F ib e rg la ss cam p e r v-8 engine. 
Cruise sontrol Sacrifice. C all All 
G u erra :22-o986 

H a r le y C a lifo r n ia sh o w b ik e , c o m p le te ly re b u ilt. 
L o ts of chrom e and gold plate. Consider tra d e on b o at o r c a r . $25oo 
658-1843 atter 6pm 

'75 Ford F25o Crew Cob. 826-9565. 
695-8o56 

■75 Harley 175 cc. like new Only 
5oo m iles. $65o 655-714o a fter 6 and weekends 

Fo r F A S T C A S H w ill buy your 
Cor, Vans, or Trucks. Running or not 922-8661_____________________ 
H A V E TOW B A R S , B U Y JU N K 
C A R S P A Y C A S H OR C H E C K 
F O R 
Y O U R 
O L D 
W R E C K ! 
C A L L : 923 441 1. 

16' cam ping trailer self contained. like new, $22oo 1-885 7127 a ll 5 
8’ C a vem a n O verhear! C am p er 
$1ooo. 673-68o7 atter 5pm 
I '69 C H E V Y C-2o, M o n , 396 VB, 
1 15,ooo mi. 1o’ >' overhead cam per, i $18oo 696-5o58_________________ 

RENTAL TRAILERS 
W e o re n o w ta k in g 
■ IStRVATIONS on 
N e w '7 7 — IS K nnleli 
Sleep* bi 

 lig h t w e ig h t con b e 
T o w e d b y ntmost a n y v e h ic le . 

R E N T T O D A Y I 
A N D S A V I X 

S T A H M A N N 
TRAILER SALES 
IN IO, 3 Mi. north of Boerne 
S .A . P h o n e 2 2 4 * 2 4 2 6 

• O P E N S U N D A Y * 

U SE D T R A IL E R S ii 
C A M P E R S H. STH W H E E L S 
114) TO CH O O SE F R O M 
$6oo TO $76oo 
T R A V E L T R A IL E R C E N T E R 
(2oo Roosevelt a i Stinson Field 
13 U SED T R A V E L T R A IL E R 
H A R P E R 
M O TO R 
C A M P E R lA N D 
24o15-W M ilita ry 924 5514 
1975 V e n tu re c a m p in g t ra ile r , s le e p s 6, e x c e lle n t c o n d itio n . 
$17oo 661-3695 
Vista View 9' Cab O ver Cam per 
Sem i self-contained Botone re trig Sleeps 4 $6oo 34( 75o2 
We B U Y a i l T ypes o r f r a v e l 
Trailers Call M F L 924 5514 
7o W IG W AM 18 
Self contained, air $2595 

T r a v e l t n w n T e x a s 6 5 3 o 7 1 1 
1969 W illiam scrott tra ile r t x el lent cond Air. M ust Sell. $17/5 
736 24/8 
71 w i l l i a m s c r a t t is 
Low liner.w an potty $175o 

T r a v e r t o w n T e x a s 6 5 3 - 6 / 1 ) 
14x8o P artly furnished,"I'br, 2 full baths, built in wood burning fire 
Place 337 81o9 

MOTOR KOMES sale rem 

R E N T our fam ily 21' lu xu ry mo 
•or home Super clean, CB, stereo, oil e xtras R eservations 65$ o454 
76 VW Cam pm obile TMO im 
____________ 656 8525 
W ont To Buy M otor Hom e Any 
M ake 
Any 
M odel 
658 7661, 
656 7119 
7S W innebago Chieftain, A ll ex tras 92oo miles. $15.$oo. Seguin. 
I 379 8154 
_ _ ____________ 
'71 W in nebago, 6 CVI. se lf con tamed 34.ooomi S73oo, I 964 3o7o 
72 W INNE B AG O CHII f IA N it 
M otor hom e, 28 
Lots of a rc e s s o n e s 
N ew M ic h e iin tire * . 
688 3256, 828 M SI_____________ 
7 a Winnebago 26'. f x r client Ton dltion $16 SOO 494 6JS6 
76 W innebago 26 e*c e llen! con ddion $17,SOO 494 6356 
_ _ _ 

8o4 BOAIS, MOTORS 

I B U Y JU N K C A R S 
TOW ING S E R V IC E 432-3288 
S E L LIN G YO U R CAR® 
H i-p rie e s p a id fo r c le a n ca rs- 
Trucks, etc 222 1342 

'65 C h e w one Ion with overhead w alk-th ru O pen R oad C a m p e r 
Sleeps 4. R e b u ilt eng E xce lle n t cond. M an y extras 828-3971 after 
4:3o pm. 

TO P D O L L A R ! 
JU N K CARS, T R U C K S , S C R A P 
C A L L : 342 51o1 

USED CARS-CLEAItf 
SMITH CHEVROLET 
1221 B R O A D W A Y 
223-4283 

C LO S E O UT S A L E 1976 
Cam pm g-Travel Ti oilers 5396 up 
KC T railers 71o West Ave 735 3931 
Ti Colem an B ran dyw in e pop up 
I Cam per Sleeps 6, like new Call 
658-o5oo O fte r 5 ______________________ 
197o C O L E M A N Pop-Up Trailer 
H A R P E R 
M O TO R 
C A M P E R L A N D 
24o1 S.W. M iH tary 924-S5l4 

We Buy Junk CarsTracks 
YO U C A L L W E H A U L 

75 E l D orado .1411. Fifth W heel, sell contained, m any extras. E x ­ tra Good condition 1-796-4482 

WE B U Y U S E D C A R S 
O R S IN G E R BU ICK CO 
4515 SAN P E D R O 
734-4221 

•76 Ford PISO, loaded, low miles, sp o rtsm a n 's tru c k . $4395 B e n 
B arrera, 222-8611 or 732-o89o 
1975 Ford F2So. loaded! 826-9565, 
695-8o56 
*77 Ford F 15o Ranger X L T power, air. Call: 735-2593 

197o Pontiac F ireb ird, 35o, V-8. All gouges R a tie v w heels, pow er brakes, 3-speed A M -FM 8 track 
E x c e lle n t c o n d itio n ! 
$14oo 
659-o265 Ofter 6:__________________ 
1977 PO N TIAC G R A N P R IX AM- 
F M ste re o , v in y l ro o f, r a lle v wheels Low m ileage 
.........$5455 
Call: Clyde 222-2774 

'74 C h e v y E l C a m in o , p o w e r i steering brakes, air, auto. $2895 
C all 653-o283 aft 5:3o 
1965 C H E V Y E L C A M IN O V-8, auto. air, power. Verv rare. V ery clean! M r Bennett 222-o986 

75 Ford PISO Ranger, air, auto. power 828-6355, atter 7: -696-o3o3 
76 Ford F15o Super Cab, 39o, fully loaded, stereo, cruise, short bed, showroom condition, 
1-569-296o. 
Pleasanton. 

1975 P O N T IA C G R A N O P R IX , power, air, buckets, cru ise con­ tro l, ste re o . A ssu m e b a la n c e . 
Call: Dennis 222-o986 

C H E V Y L U V G AS S A V E R ! 
‘72. 4 cyl., 3o gal. capacity With 
Cam per. $1695. 349-2o44; 656-2678. 
_________________________ 
74 Chevy Luv M ikado new brake 1 l f 

•73 Ford C L X $oo. Good m echan­ ic a l cond., slig h t body dam age 
$975. Atter 5: 656-5377. 

1976 H arley D avidson Bi-Centen- n io l S u perg lid e, e xcellen t, 35oo m i, touring seat, rack, $315o 
494-6421. 
•76 Morley Davidson 12oo cc E le c ­ tra Glide, like new, less than 15o m ile s . 
M o v in g , m u s t s e ll. 
1-625-9567 ofter 5 pm. 
____ 
I 1974 H arley D avidson SX 175, 
$35o or best ofter. 656-3785. 
H arley D avidson 1ooo, Chopper. clean, $2,25o firm . 674-23o4 
H A R B E Y T R IK E , Custom , Ju st completed. 525oo 1-358-8843 
1974 Honda CB 45o 
$85o-494-6468 

 shoes, shocks, battery, tires. A ir, 
$25oo 69o-8799 aft 4 pm. 

1973 P O N T IA C G R A N V IL L E , all power, air, 2-door hardtop. $1695 
Coll: Dennis 222-o986 
,'76 P o n tia c G r a n P r ix . F u lly loaded. 826-9565, 695-8o56 

•72 Chevy Lu v Picku p 4-speed, good cond 
Take trade. $165o 
533-337o. 

 ed. 828-6355, atter 7 -696-o3o3 
11 Ford LW B. A ir, runs like new I 
$165o. Coll: 349-8497 

74 Honda CB36o. Luggage rock 
$65o 696-73o2 
7 o Hondo CD 175. good cond 
$3oo. 734-78o8 

'75 Chevy Lu v radio, a ir. white spoke wheels, radial tires. $2795 
Ask for Wes, 341-1455, 

•76 Omega Brougham . 4-dr., air, vinyl top Buckskin. 684 5o91. 
Owner must self'7 5 Olds Cutlass 
S. approx. 26-ooo m iles, excellent condition 684-78o9 atter 6 ________ 

■72 Pontiac G ran P rix V-8, Auto. 
Oir. $1295 432-2633, 432-266o 
74 Pontiac G ra n v ille 4-door, auto air 
Nice c a r! 
$2395 432-2644, 
432-266o 

'59 C H E V Y Picku p 3o7 VS, auto. with cam per, 56oo. 655-3195 
'68 Chevy pickup. LWB- V8, auto., pow er steerin g, radio. 674-1o47 after 5:3o, anytim e wkends. 

S A C R IF IC E ! L u x u ry '72 Toron- ndo Perfect condition. 824-1oo6 
Take over paym ents, no eauity '75 
Olds Cutlass. Call: 824-76o6 after 
7 494-5734 
_ _ _ _ _ 

1972 Pontiac LeM ans. 2 Dr, power ste e rin g -b ra k e s . a ir. A M -F M 8 
. track stereo, excellent condition. 19o3 Schley 
$1525. 735-3552__ 

'74 C h e v y p ic k u p power, auto New Cam per 
L W B , a ir , 
$28oo 

1972 T O R O N A D O , doctors w ifes c a r, a ll pow er, lo c k s an d w in dows, pow er sect, o ir, low m i. 
Very clean 344-4697 ofter 6PM . 
76 TO RO N ADO , fully loaded, low mi E xtra d ean . Silver, blue in tenor. 492-2895. 
_________ 

68 P o n tia c L e M a n s . L ik e new 
$1295 W ill trode 923-2883 

73 Toronado like new $2695 W ill trade 923-2883 
_ _ _ _ _ 

741 PLYMOUTH 

AUTO FA IR B U Y 
73 F U R Y III $13oo 435-1641 

75 Pontiac LeMans 
Sport Coupe, outo. air, vinyl roof. 
P ow er ste e rin g , pow er b rakes. 
Silver with but gandy roof 
$3789 
H E M P H IL L M CCO M BS 
FO R D SO U TH SID E 
19o1 SW M ilita ry 922-6317 
197o PO N T IA C L E M A N S 2-door. 
; Sacrifice 
S69S 
Call: 
Oennis. 
! 222 o986_________________________ 
7o Pontiac L e M a n s 2-door, V-8, auto, loaded, low mileage. S92S or 

'67 C H E V Y P ic k u p ' zton, LW B , a ir, 327 V8, 4 bbl. auto, cam per s h e ll. 
E x c e lle n t c o n d itio n , l-ow ner, low mi. $1195 655-7o39 eves, weekends. 

54 Fo rd P ic k u p , ‘69 C h evy 327 engine, new brakes, good shape. 
684-3644, 698-2o75. 

I 72 Honda 35o CL, excellen t con 
I dition. $45o. 673-7977 

■72 Ford R anchero VS, std., air, 
AM 
$175o 
M r. 
Klunkert: 
224-27o4. 

1975 Honda 5oo, 2 cyl. good condi­ tion, $1,25o. 924-5151. a fter 8AM , 
337-6125 Otter 5. 

75 Ford R anchero GT, full power, cru ise control, om -fm stereo tape. 
$4195 49o-1132 

1973 Honda 75CF4 Fu ll dress, low miles. I owner. $115o. 342-7215. 

•75 Ford Ranchero, loaded M utt sell. W ill help finance 433-1464 
•75 F o rd ' zT, auto, a ir, pow er. 
E xtra clean. $3595. 1-751-2941 
‘75 Ford 3x ton with cam per. W ill help finance. C all 433-1464. 
•64 Ford Van, 5475. 349-9475 arter 5 pm. 
_____ 

•75 C H E V Y S IL V E R A D O 
Loaded. 226-8526 anytim e 
71 Chevy Step Van SW S, 6 cyl. 
Std . good cond $15oo 1-249-3785 

1973 F O R D V A N , a ir , a u to . 
826-9565, 695-8o56 

74 CHEVY Vt T. SI695 
Long Wide. 68o3 S. Flores 

75 F U R Y Custom coupe Loaded, best offer 653-2797 
!*»Tt ft DDT AA OO 
‘T 41 n/siTwi * V" I .. .. 

'73 C H E V Y 
(4 T O N , A U T O . 
PO W ER . LIQ U ID A T IN G , F IR S T 
$1375 CASH. N EW L IC E N S E . IN­ 
S P E C T IO N 828-6959 

$275o 822 oo88 
1974 Fury 2-door, 
Call 1-457-2464 

_______________ 
73 P O N T IA C L u x u ry Le m a n s, loaded, S2.15o. loaded. $215o 658-o866___________ 

7) Fury ill 4-dr Sedan. I owner. 
Clean $995. 227-1426, 653 oo26 
M U ST S E L L. 74 Plym outh Low m ileage. $195o. 924-5594_______ _ 
7o P LY M O U T H Duster, six, with air, very clean, 35,ooo mi. $1495. 

197o Pontiac Sport Lem ans, 35o 
________ c u .in. 7V. b u c k e t s e a ts w ith j 7 3 C h e w 

'74 C h e w I ton. 454, c a m p e r special, auto, oir, power steering. 
Dual Wheels. 649-185o-7: 
A M S : 
PM 

 console a u to m atic, pow er steer­ ing, air, A M 8 track. M ust see lo appreciate $1495 firm . 656-6769 
■75 Trans Am , loaded, $5ooo. will talk reasonable ofter 
433-7822, 

1974 Plym outh D uster, standard 
6 
A ir 
Colt; 
Leonard Bennett, 
212-o986 

74 V E N T U R A Hatchback A steel belted radials. 
M ust s e ll! 
828-o954. 

•68 P lym o u th F u ry III VS, a ir, excellent cond 734-6592. 

•73 Ventura H atchback, 35o. air, power steering, 38.ooo mi. Good cond $18oo. 674-58oo 
71 Plym outh Fu ry iii, 4 dr sedan, autom atic, air and steering, runs and looks excellent. $95o. 681-11o5. 743 MiSCELUNEOUS AUTOS 

•71 Plym outh Fu ry Custom 2-door hardtop New paint 1ob air, heat. 
P o w e r b ra k e s , s te e rin g 
A M ra d io . E x c e lle n t ru b b e r M in t condition! 9: to S:-341-448o after 
6 o rn.735-1646 

73 IM T r a v e lo g 61,ooo m ile s, 
A M -F M stereo cassette, a ir, new tires. $25oo. 735-2571 
197o Intn’i. T ra v e lo g VS, outo., air, steel radials. 48,7oo mi. *1895. 
1-625-4985, New Braunfels 
•69 p lym ou th F u ry III. 2-door, good condition. $85o or best otter. 
822-1197 or 655 3214 atter 6pm 
T R A D E W IN D S Auto Sales 
• WE F I N A N C E - 
3oo3 SW M IL IT A R Y 
922-27o3 
72 Plym outh Fu ry III, A dr hard lop. outo, a ir, pow er ste e rin g , v in y l top, 4o,75o m ile s. $1695- 
734 o27o offer 5, M on.-Fri 
744 CUSTOMIZED CARS, 

SPEED RACING CARS 
73 Plym outh F u ry III, 4 dr Sedan 
Good 
Cond 
S1195- 
Luling 
1-875-2138 
P A N T E R A L IK E N EW ! 165 mph 
+ C A L L 828-5511. i®73 P L Y M O U T H G R A N F U R Y 
4-door■. Low miles. Loaded! *1995. 
Call: Dennis 222-o986 
746 TRUCKS 6 COMMERCIAL 

TRAILERS. BUSES 
1976 P lym ou th 9-possenger sta ­ tio n w ag o n , lo a d e d , $4,1oo 
Rahm berg R.V. Center 655-o251. 
A L A M O W H IT E T R U C K S 
816 P R O B A N D T 
224 2131 
69 Plym outh R oa d ru n n e r, sta n ­ dard Mag wheels, $75o 436-o812 
435-o312 
Army Trucks 
♦ Wheel D riv e - All Sizes 
Brpubach Equipm ent, 736-1459 

74 Plym outh Satellite Buckets, v in y l top, a ir . p o w e r. $195o. 
688 3213 Otter 6pm 
72 P lym o u th S a te llite C u slom . 
Excellent cond. $1395. 733-o563; 
349-3428. 

'74 B L A Z E R , loaded. 4-wheel dr. 
$465o. Eves, 673 542o 

77 b l a z e r , l o a d e d 1 
826-9565 
695-8o56 
72 Plym outh Satiable, 2 door, au­ to air, $7oo. 734-36o3 atter 2 PM 
F lA t l H Juk W tt&i Lu 
IN THI IX PBI** M W * 
IS 225-1666 

Ion Custom Deluxe 
Factory air, power, heater, load­ ed 
E q u ip p e d fo r g o o s e n e c k trailer 
149 o456; see at 
122 
Storeywood. 
'74 Chevy -U ton Loaded! Excel" lent. 828-6355, after 7: 696-o3o3 

'75 F o rd V a n C u s to m iz e d by 
C lassic. U nique paint Love tun­ nel. 
Trim m ed in white fur. 
$7195-341-o525 

‘75 H onda 5oo, lo o ks and ru n s good, call 534-4156 
76 H ondam otic 75o. 44oo m iles. 
$16oo Arter 6: 772-3o73 
‘74 H O N D A M T 25o, low mi. ex­ cellent 434-5149 eves. 
H O N DA O F SAN A N TO N IO 
57o8 M O BU D 
684-3682 
*76 H O N D A SL-25o. Blue, clean! 
$8oo Call: 1-42o-2444 
‘73 Honda SL35o One owner. E x ­ cellent condition. Have to see to appreciate . C all 661-3594 
•75 H O N DA 75o Super Sport, cus­ tom pipes plus accessories, 51695. 
Call 684-7822 atter 5 pm 

FO R D VAN '67. E-ISO. Carpeted int., bed, ice box, lig h tin g , AM - 
FM , 8-track. CB hookup antenna 
C roger m ags, big rad ia ls. $2ooo firm . 532-69o2 

1975 H O N D A 4oo 4 Super Sport. 
Like new! $9oo 492-928o 
Honda 75o Super Sport, like new. 
44oo m ites, m any e xtra s. $155o 
Call 494-6864 
1974 Ford 4 wheel d rive, winch, l-owner *26-9565, 695-8o56 
73 Fo rd w indow van, exce lle n t condition $2795 826-6o76 
73 p-35o Ranger. Excllen t condi­ tion. Loa d e d . 3 ta n k s, ca m p e r shell 698-2298 

I 76 Honda Suoersport 75o Show 
I room condition. 2 B ell helm ets. 
S17oo or best offer, W ill consider car or pickup trade S33-3995 or 
736-2346 

•73 C H E V Y ' j ton LW B Cheyenne I 
Super, 454 auto. new tires, a ir, power steering, brakes, tilt wheel, : radio Cleon $26oo 494-5353 
I97S Chevy ->4 ton, 4-speed, power, air, very clean, not used as work tru ck. $3,87*. O wner, 1-625-3562, eves, New Braunfels 

76 F-25o Super Cab R anger, au­ to m a tic , a ir , p o w e r s te e rin g , p o w er b ra k e s , a u x ilia ry to n k, c o m b e r s h e ll, l l , OOO m ile s . I owner. Call M onuel 341-9433. 

32 FT. GOOSENECK 
1974 Am fab Fa ctory built, tandem a x le , dual w h eels. 16" ru b b e r 
$29oo 695-9218; 695-32o5. 

JO E H A R R ISO N H O N D A 
Soles-Service-Parts 
9/1o IH-35 NO 
656 94oo 
1975 Kaw asaki 9oo Adult owned, excellent cond W in diom m er III, low ers, oil cooler, custom seat. 
K on i shocks. Arnee rack, 1o.ooo miles. $225o or best otter. 923-17*8. 
76 K aw asaki 9oo E xtras. Good condition. Call: 494-3o71. 
1975 K o w o sa ki 75o. F irs t $14oo 
1-379-8519 ask for Johnny arter 4 

'73 
C h e v y ’ jto n 
S u b u rb a n 
C h e y e n n e , lo a d e d , 55,ooo m i. 
227 5o65 826-4281 
'63 Chevy t h ton V8 flatbed. 136oo 
Babcock at Mausman Rd 
'72 C h e v y 3s ton w in d o w V an 
1 2 -p a s s e n g e r, V-8, a u to , a ir 
$2795-432-26*4, 432-266o 

74 C H E V Y VA N $3995 
B eau ville 3o. fully equipped, low m ileage 
E xcellent condition 
494-23o8 

75 F-15o X L T Ranger Fu lly load­ ed with a u x ilia ry lank. A M -F M . 
Call Manuel 3 41-9433.__________ 
64 G M C-CO E 
Single Axle 318 Detroit 
12 Speed Spicer Trans 
Dayton or Spoke W heels 
____________ 648 1 9 7 3 ___________ 
1975 G M C G E N T L E M A N JIM . long wide. Auto, air, power, tilt wheel, stereo, bucket seats. Call: 
Dennis 222-o986 

•75 Kaw asaki KZ4Go with electric 
: sta rt, d isc b ra k e s, c ra s h b a rs, 
I a d ju s ta b le b a c k re s t, lu g g a g e 
1 ra ck , w indshield, I helm et, tow m ileage. $65o or best offer. C a ll 
924-5952, ask tor M ike. 
I 75 Kaw asaki 5oo, like new, 6,ooo miles, $875. 496 *884. 
•75 K aw a sa ki 9oo Z -l. e x ce lle n t condition, $17oo or best ofter. 
344-o871. 

WE W AN T TO B U Y 
GOOD Clean C ars T ru cks 
Coll *24-667) 

Folding tent trailer, French. Ideal for weekends at beach. Sleeps 4. 
G oin g o v e rse a s. M U S T S E L L.! 
S65o 69o-9485 

| — 
— 
— 
" 1 
I" 
T R A V E L 
J 

T R 
A 
I L E R 
S 
I 

 l l 
I 
I 

Rahmberg R,V. Center' 

2271 Austin Hwy. 655-o251 

I m m m m w m 
— 
J 

T R A I L E R S 

2 o travel trailers to ch oose from , sizes from I 9 -2 8 ft. S a v e hundreds. 

J u s t A r r i v e d 

1977 Titan 25', rear bath, automatic, air conditioning - tool, air conditioning 
- generator, power steering. 
Koman shades, built in vacuum, trailer hitch. 
All this lot only $18,9oo. 

RAHMBERG R.V. Center 

2171 Austin Hwy. 655- 

F O R S A L E 
B Y O W N E R , 1972 
T ra ilb la z e r 2off tra v e l tra ile r , never used. $2995 Cash Only 93o 
Dodic. 

W IL L B U Y J U N K C A R S 
Top dollar paid. C oll 922-8851 

For sale 
S W S, 
$15o 333-7682 
Shell C am per, 

754 • TIRES parts accessories 

B L A C K & D E C K E R h o rd s e a l valve grinder kit, 
No. 
6337. 
679 7395 

76 F R E E SP IR IT 24' 
With roof air, full w arranty 
Only I at $4695. 
Traveltow n T e x a s 653-6711 
2ift Self contained Nom ad travel trailer A ir, $275o 621-2578 
B7o-13 T IR E S 13 INCH 
656 3)6o 

C E N T R A L T IR E CO. 
7oS N 
F L O R E S 
224-5473 

1974 I9tt T ra ve l trailer, like new, fully self contained 924-o145 otter 
: 4 weekdays. 

'75 C h e w pickup 6 cyl., 25o eng com plete $375. Body parts, reo sonable 532-4o97; 223-5*89 

FW B Cab level cam per, custom mode, paneled, cabinets, lights, bubble w indow s, luggage rack und roof vent Less than I yr old 
$2oo 684 1716 
Edel brock cross ram S I R I O with two 6oo C F M holly co rb e ra to rs and linkage N e ve r raced. $3oo 
Arter 5:3o 654-o936 

Goose neck trailer, 8ffxl4ft, dual axle, $5oo. 653-8558 

T R A V E LE R 'S W O R LD 

2617 Roosevelt 
S32-6o61 
AVION 
Travel Trailers • Motor Homes 

Trade-in Bargains 
$35oo 

$55oo 
72 PROWLER 24 

72 TERRY 26 .. 

76 AVION Mini 

7 o HOLIDAY 31' 

66 AIRSTREAM. 

$5895 
$495o 

1972 Champ 24 It completely 

 sell'Continued generator, conditioning, etc , 
$ 8 , 9 7 5 

1972 Chomp 24 It general#, air 

 conditioning, 
. . 
$ 6 , 9 9 5 

1969 lifetime 24 ll Completely 

 self contained ... 
$ 6 , 9 9 5 

R a h m b e rg R .V. C en ter 

2271 Austin Hwy 

COMPARE COBIA 77>/i 

T . n l l x t m n m 
■ 

22FT: j f e a l s y 

A 
Y O U asked loc 
M ote fishable 

 cam per cockpit, m o t * stern tw ain buoyancy S T A B IL IT Y th an m ost 25 

 lo o t# - N O clouslrophia, m ore lu )h i/ 

 on c u lly cabin 
With 19ohp 3o2V8 
(n ill O M C ( f V I N R U D f ) m ore ski 

 speed ie perter led hull 
M o m side slot nile-, b y U N O i R Hoar 7o g a l. I u d ta n k , XL bsh Ire bo xe s, H O gnlv tan 

 dent trailer EU com plete $ 1 1,9 o o 
H See 
/ / COBIA 7 1 f t robin w ,H ailer 
A 
E V I N R U D l l : 
2oohp com plete 

$928o. 
I I Situ $839$ a t w ,V o U R m o to r $ 7 7 7 

I 
C O B IA s e m id d u i 
I / ' 
C A B IN 
II Slip SS I SLI SOniph, w 7ohp $4/6/ skis 3/mph, o 1 7ohp 17ft w out cabin 
, $4197 Why gamble w tty by-m ttn 

o 
In SI y e a n oui m o d te m p le t*/ 

 lux ku d u s C O M t O R T A B l E 14 lo 2ott 
*u lk m ru B o w l d e r s or solid decks 
G U S S M A S U R S ’ C O B IA S , plain, 

 plush 
N e xt load 
24ft 
235hp 

 la y a w a y cinches $$. G e l P R O O f tide 

 in 24ft o1 2 2 ft H yb fidg e upper con f. • 

 f R IC H L IN ! IS H delux fla t $239. 
1 Meet ch hoot EVINRUDf deals 
Used $495 $594o, BANK cotes 

BARBERA SPORTS 
123 B io o d w a y a l 4th PARK I R H 

5o m o lin e yea rs in 4 A 2 2 / 2 1 1 2 
9 6 p m Th ats Nile 9 p m Closed Sat 

□ a n c 
6 V > -o 25 I 
" 
1 

TINDALL and SON 

P O N T IA C - G M C , IN C 
Authority* Dealer tar... 
* i x ie u T iv i * 
• ITASCA • 
• e x p lo it s • 
MOTOS HOMtS 
Plus a full line of used B V. vehicles 
46oo SAN PEDRO 
736-1561 or 736-156o k 
S o tu rd a y x l J 

Edeibroek T o rke r m anifold, fits 
396 Chevy, $75 341-692o, 826 7139 
Excellent condition, transport SOO wide oval 8.75x16 5. M ake otter 
623-4736 
E xh a u st m a n ifo ld tor 76 F o rd 
Pickup, 39o CID engine. Arter 4:3o 
674-6o58 

H A R P E R M O TO R CO 
C A M P E R L A N D 
S A LE S and S E R V IC E tor 
T E R R Y , T A U R U S , T W IL IG H T 
B U N G A LO W T ravel T ro lle rs and 1 
5Th Wheels 
24o1 S W M ilita ry 924 5514 
H rs M on-Frt 9 6, Sun I 3o 6 

* ★ ★ ★ * ★ Ar dr ik-dr Ar ^ 

CLOSE OUT ON 

TENT CAMPERS 

13 to choose from , 
$ 1 5 o o o over dealer cost Don I miss this fan 

 taslic sale 

Fiberglass Sports Car Body Good tor St. or racing. Gene: 675-1637 or 349-2791 
F o u r Stock C h e w 6-hole S x lS rim s. 1-625-1628 after 6. 
Good Used Engines and Ports 
FA R G O S A L V A G E 
627-2711 
633-2o3o After 5: 
Good used racin g tires, SIO and up. 937-5o83 
7o-15 
S T E E L 
R A D IA L S 
656-316o 
12oo H ydraulic lift com plete. $25o. eve. 653-8558 
'73 ignition scone, sec a d ap te r, snap-on model 615, $5oo 337-8633 

4 Mag rim s for 13" tires, 5" deep, 
$1oo se!. 2 BR-13 tires, $65 Pair 
824-6548 

1975 H oliday R a m b le r 5ooo 32'. 
This tro lle r hos a ll the options m lu d in g o w n in g a n d c e n t r a l j vo cu u m n c le a n e r. W ill a cc e p t I trade 653-4)61 ___________________ j 
(! C LO S E O UT !! 
I 
TWO 91 self contained cabover , cam pers A ll new! 
H A R P E R 
M O TO R 
C A M P E R L A N D 
24o1 S.W .M ilitary 924-5514 
L a te m o d e l, lit t le u se d , v e ry cle a n , p a rtia lly se lf co n tain e d 
Cabover cam per. 653-4646 
1973 Layton T ravel T ra ile r i i ft ! 
I S e lf c o n ta in e d , h o ld s 3o g a l. | i water, a ir conditioning and heat- lin g, used once E xce lle n t condl- I lion 
Paid $45oo, asking $35oo. 
I 684 2955_________________________ 
Lik e new 1975 H oliday R am b ler 
1ooo Fu lly loaded price is right. 
Trade accepted 653-4)61 

$ Rahmberg R.V. Center 

* 2271 Austin Hwy. 
655-o251 

 w ★ * i t i t ♦ i t 8 r ★ i t i r i t ★ w 

 n e w and u s e d Bum pers. Light weight to heavy duty For all sizes of pickup frocks 924-6551-2o2 New 
Laredo Hwy 

Lik e new. IS- H o lid a y Hut, a ir, potty, $1,195 344 1456 
1969 M obile Seoul Loaded with options! 21’ long 658-2811 

• 
HEIMER 
• 
CAMPER SALES 
SAN ANTONIO’S EXCLUSIVE 
C O A C H M E N 
DEALER 
• TINT TRAILERS 
• TRAVEL TRAILERS 
• TRUCK CAMPERS 
• MINI MOTOR HOMES 
• STH WHEEL TRAILERS 
3329 S.W. M ilitary lust West of Somers! Rd. 
Hon fri 9 to 8 P M Sot 9-6 

A N T E X T R A V E L C E N T E R 
38o2 N W Loon (IO 
_______________ 7 3 * 5 )3 1 __________ ___ 

BAR BOB 
M O TO R H O M E S 
1 Exclusive Fran ch ised Dealer for 
I 
X P L O R F W ,T R A V E L Q U E E N 
KIN G S H IG H W A Y . KL YS TO N E 
347o SO P A D R E ISI AN O DR l l , 
; CO RPU S CH R ISTI, Tx 
78415 I 
Burke M otor Home Center 
8*oo B R O A D W A Y 
:____________ ?_3B2 i 34________ 
I 74 C O BR A C e n tu ry '27' M ini Mo- 
; for Plush decor No m oney down 
! Take over paym ents $273 mo 
. 1-o37 5135____________________ 
Custom B u ilt I ow ner '6 9 F o rd 
Super V an M oto r H om e 
F u lly ; equipped, excel cond $495o 722 I 
P o r r id g e 341 4422, 494 6 869 

 rn 

DON'T GAM BIE, SHOP 
R a n d o l 
GET THE BEST BUY 
YOU CAN, THEN SHOP 
Randol Marine 
O n 
1 9 7 6 Clobo O u ts, lie u frailtii, 
Free a c ­ cess©! ie*, Free con trols on 
7 6 
M o d e l. 
C lo se 
O uts, 
Plus save hun* thuds o f d o llars now! 

WE BUY AND SEU 
Used Boot ., M otors 
Trollers 

MARINE 
ISO ? W. Hildebrand 
7 3 2 - 8 2 3 3 g t a m n i E 

* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
+ 

5 O lds Sport R im s w ith G 6o-14 tires. Coli before lpm , 927-67o5 
26' M O B IL E S C O U T , e x c e lle n t ' 72 Shasta 21 condition 545oo. 655 2993 

64 Shasta, 13', sleeps 5. p artially self-contained $8oo 623-385o 

One '68 Cutlass 447 front lender, perfect cond. 
O ther parts. 
824-7596 
Plym outh 34o m otor, Edeibroek m anifold, rust re b u ilt Cam 312 duration, 534 lift. 492-1683 
68 P o n tia c L e M a n s 35o eng. com plete with 3-sod. Irons. $18o 
Body parts availab le 533-5668 
Stvap-On Auto D iagnostic Center with stand $2oo. 8 to 5. 824 2*14 
•47 T BIR D W reckin g, ports tor sale Coll: 433-o116. 

72 O P E N RO AD 19 
Self contained, a ir 52*95 
T r a v e lto w n T e x a s 653-6711 

PICKUP 
COVERS 
$169 
2171 Austin Hwy. 
653-o885 
R A H M B E R G R V C E N T E R 
E xclu sive dealer tor 
V E N T U R E Tent Cam per bv Starcrott 
‘•Little Castle On W heels" 
2271 AU STIN H W Y 
655-o251 

 tra ile r. E x c e lle n t condition 498-2298 i 197o S ta rc ro tt ca m p e r tra ile r 
Sleeps 6, new upholstery Aw ning, i lik e new c o n d itio n ! $195 N ew 
Braunlels 1-62S-I928 
STARCRAFT 
M Y E R S T R A IL E R S A L E S 
114 Kingsbury 
S E G U IN , TX 

I 27' Dodge Travco. dual air, new j engine *895o 349 1855__________ 
'73 23ft Sooner m otor home with 
I e v e ry th in g , low m ile a g e , new 
I tires. $97oo. 694 2423_________ 

•76 G M C J A M B O R E E 
Great tor Vacation, hunting, fish- mg Hos every extra In w arranty and like new M y wife hates it I love it So w ill you P riced to sen. 
492-2945._______________ _ 
75 GM C 19 M ini Motor Home, low mileage, fully sertcontamed, with all extras Lots of T LC For sale or trode 696 2o75 
_________ 
: '75 G M C M iniM otor Home, perfect cond, all options, e xtrem ely low mileage 
$1o,5oo 
696 7498 or 
224 4)64 ________________________ 

GMC Motor Home Rental 
Doily and W eekly R ales 
PH O N E_____________ 
661 72)2 
GM C Motor Hom e For Rent 
349-o772, 349-4311, 734 9389 

B ER TR A M Y A C H T S 
IOU IMMEDIATf DELIVERY 

N E W B E R T R A M S 
4 2 ’ ; 3 5 '; & 2 8 

USED B E R T R A M 
3 1 ’ 
31 197o f^bridge Cruiser, twin J 
325 
HP 
Metrruiser, 
Inboard J 
Iodines, Swum Top, sun owning, ^ 
VHI Radio, gin pole, outriggers 8 * much more A steal at $27,9oo. 
* 

GULF COAST MARINE 
J texas Largest Bertram 
. 
Dealer 
Coll Bill Holmes 
J 

5 1 2 — 8 8 8 - 8 2 o 6 
4 

Club Wagon, 1976 Ford, A l con­ dition, loaded $6,7oo. 661 649o 
C O U R IE R S - ‘74, low m ile ag e , good shaoe, c a ll Frank. 222-861) ext. 272 

‘49 GM C Long W ide 6 cylin d er, 
Nifty! $1)5o Call 679-7833_______ 
68 G M C pickup. LB $925. New 
6-ply re ca p s . See, m a k e cash otter 658-oo22___________________ 
1974 GM C 95oo Sertes, 671 Diesel engine. lO Yd dump. 
$13,5oo. 
1 457-2464. 

‘75 L a v e rd o 7Socc, 1.85o m iles. 
Showroom cond $135o-661-5422 

■74 Dodge B IOO Sportsm an Von 
N o c o n v e rte r, re g g a s, awe m ileage New tires, V8 auf., a ll power, air. $4195. 342-1765._______ 
74 Dodge Club Cab 4 wheel drive. loaded $385o o r best offer. 
658-1696 
Call: 

73 Dodge Club Cob ' j ton pickup 
Loaded. Sacrifice! $225o 533 337o 

•74 G M C Sierro •»« ton, power, air, 
AM -FM , owner, $2,985 . 349-2 274__ 
•71 G M C Sprint, 35o, m ags, foe tory air, 2o coats of custom point perfecl. Low mi. $2,6oo 826 7o1o. 
'76 G M C S U B U R B A N S ie r r a 
Classic. Fu lly equipped. $66oo 
6*o 1633 

'75 Laverda, the only L T L touring b ike in town 3,2oo m ile s, m int con dition . W m d ia m m e r ll, lu g ­ gage rock with bock rest. $1595. 
494-366o except S a l________ ____ _ 
'73 Mateo 25o, trick e d wilts a c ­ c e sso rie s, e x c e lle n t c o n d itio n . 
$65o. 
Bum per 
Ham pers, 
$25. 
8 2 4 - 3 4 5 3 . _________________ 

M o to rcy cle In su ran ce 
LOGSDO N Agency 878 o617 
M o to rc y c le , 1975 C B 4oo p u r ­ chased new In Nov 
'75 
$825 
484 5329. 

47 Dodge pickup LW B, 44o eng 
Auto., a ir, p o s itra c tilt w h eel, radio, custom paint. M ags. wide tires, bucket seals, console. $18oo or best otter 1-249-3785 

‘71 G M C V* ton V-8. au to. 
51495-432-2644, 432-264o a ir 

SAN ANTON IO C Y C L E S A L E S 
K A W A S A K I Sales, Service. P orts 
313 N A K O M A 
494 5254 

77 G M C V an , loaded, $8ooo or equity and take over pym ts, 
473-1o57 

S ta rv in g student m in i se ll 74 
Honda 
45oDOHC 
5 ooo m iles, 
684-1271. 

W onted. C o b ra or o th er hi per- form once Ford ports 494-1922 
W A N T E D 
GM C V6 diesel engin­ eer tru ck. W ill poy reaso n ab le price. Atter 6:-A24-2739 
W A N T E D 
7 x 14.5 Or 8 x 14,5 : 
Housetroiler tires. 532-4151. j 
'74 XJ6 Jaguar engine and tran s­ mission with 32,ooo origin al m iles, i best otter. 457-3229 

756 • MTO, FiWAWCING-LOAWS 

FIN A N C IN G U S E D C A R S 
It you ore selling cots an weekly paym ents, we w ill finance every ; deal- No credit requirem ents- No reiect. Call Toll Fre e *oo-821-2117 

758 • AIRCRAFT services, 

 supplies_ _ _ _ _ 

1111 A LA M O F L Y E R S . INC .... 
"Y O U R P IP E R D E A L E R 
8411 MISSION RD 
V22-12J8 

R O A D R U N N E R T R A V E L 
T R A IL E R S A LE S 
493o R IG S B Y 
648 oo68 

'76 Starcratt Tent Cam per, sleeps 
4, $24oo 653-6’85 atter 4 pm 
1974-25' S T A R C R A F T T ra ile r 
H A R P E R 
M O TO R 
C A M P E R L A N D 
24o1 S.W M ilitary-924 5514 

'74 G M C P a lm B e a c h M o to r 
Home, 24', 16,ooo m iles, dual air, sleeps 6, excellent cond 822 o3oo; 
492-1387 after 5 pm 
‘76 32' Landau Regency, brown, I reor bath, loaded, plus levelers, low m ileage. $29,75o W eekends, 
817-387-8o73; weekdays- 
512 225-2924 

1968 C A R D IN A L 
Call Frank A dam s or John Heck: 
659-196* 
_ _ 

71 Dodge Pow erw agon Custom 
H eavy duty ton. 4*whl d rive , I excellen t condign $22oo or best 
Otter. B ill Holick: 671-531*. 

■7o 
G M C 
V I auto 
51295-432-2644, 432-266o 
— 
-— h t s 'L'i " f o u r w xw n crr 
IN THC IXPBLS5 NEWS 
CAIL 225 1666 

'73 Suzuki 4oo TM . New engine 
565o Call: 494-1382 

$35o or bes) otter 
o, o 
342 63o6 

I X F filS S A N O M W 5 

•7o M IO Cadet; ‘76 Cessna U2o6, 
•49 C h e ro ke e 6-3oo, '75 C essn a 
182; '75 M aple M S; '73 Cessna 
182; '72 Bonanza V35B, '43 PT 19; 
63 Boron A55, '76 C ard in al 
LOUIS B U T T O N ASSOC 
512 822 3o91 
CAU 225 1666 

BV STORACE 
NO R TH SID E S U P E R V IS E D 
$1o P E R M O N TH 
45o H E IM E R RO AD 
('« 
M ile 
F ro m 
San 
Pedro 
Drive-In) 
________826 4444____________ 
875,ooo SALE 

In s u ra n c e C o s a y s , w e m u st low er in v e n to ry th is m u ch ', rn o rd e r to m eet n e w ly im p o se d lim its. So you can 

SAVE BI6 SSS NOW! 

HARPER MOTOR CO 

CAMPERLAND 
24o1 S W Military-924-1514 
W eekdays 9-7. Sun 1:3o-6: 
Scotty cam ping trailer Excellent shope Steeps 4 Self contained. 
MUSI s e lh $13oo 624-2739_________ 

SH A S T A e R R O W L E R 
We Take Trade-ins 
Com plete Service Dept 
ST A H M A N N T R A IL E R S A LE S 
IH to 3 M i North of Boerne 
I 
■ 
RT 2 BOX !27 S A Phone 224-2426 
• O P E N S U N D A Y 12-5 P.M . 

• '74 S T A R C R A F T V E N T U R E * 
P»p-Up T ro lle r Sleeps * Excel- lent $1695 341 71o1; 341-4122 
’75 T e rry , 22’ , a ir co n d itio n e d , owning, other extras, 455-2*39 

Luxury Motor Hom es Rent Low 
Roles 658 7661, 656 7119 _______ 
•74 M ini-M otor Home, 22', 25.ooo mi., sleeps 6. excellen t condition. 
Asking $93oo 49o-952) 

MOTOR HOME EQR RENT 
V o g u e 32' V illa G r a d e F u lly equated, sleeps 4, p rivate party rents bv week 494 64o7__________ 
M OTOR H O M E R E N T A L S Fu lly 
K O U N T R Y A IR E 1 self contained 
Rates bv day or 

•75 T E R R Y 1 9 V . Self contained, awning $3795 623-13*1 

25TH ANNIVERSARY 
S A L E ST A R T S M A Y t 
STH Wheel T ravel Trailer* 
NU W AY 
T R A V E L T R A IL E R C E N T E R 
42oo Roosevelt Of Stinson Field 

5Th Wheel Used 2* with Air 
H A R P E R 
M O TO R 
C A M P E R L A N D 
24o1 S.W M ilita ry *24-5514 
T ra ile r Tow V e h icle 1973 Chev- role! Suburban -3 Jx fan Cheyenne 
P kg 454, tilt w heel, e x tra fuel tanks and trailer tow pkg Good cond 
Possible trade accepted 
653 (IQ I.________________________ 
T ra ile r Tow v e h icle 1975 Intn'i 
T ra v e lo g Series ISO 392, 4 bbl., b u rn s re g u la r. S te re o , c ru is e con trol, bucket seats, taw pkg 
P riced to sell, trade accepted. 
653-4)6). 
1976 T ra ve l T ra ile r. 28' seit-con- loined 818 A v o n d a le ____________ 
PIACI TOUS WANT AO 
IN THI IX ABLS5 NOWS 
C A I I 225-1666 

 week-653-61o8 
•Ii Open Road Min: Motor Homi- on C h e v y V an $35oo 456 3824 otter A IO____________ ___________ 
O P E N R O A D 22' N ic e 
Dodo* 
Chassis 828 o383 eves, weekends 
R A H M B E R G R V C E N T E R 
Exclusive Dealer fur Cham pion 
T ita n . L ife tim e M o to r Ham*. 
M ini M olar Homes 
: 2271 AU STIN HW Y 
655-o251 
Recreational Vehicles 
FO R R E N T 
Vans 
M ini M otor Homes 
Motor Homes 
R E S E R V E Y O U R S T O D A Y 
Contact B ill at 
Resco Leasing 
55o5 San Pedro 
732-2288 

A laskan cam per fits 8’ tru ck bed, sem i self contained, tacks, 585o 
653 8158 O tte r 4 
Argosy 2o Class A loaded, petrel condition, SIO.SOO 455 2252 

BANKER 8E2 SELL EM! 
CABIN C R U IS E R S 
21 
C r u is e C a b in , 175 O M C . 
Trailer. W as *7844 Now $74o4 
21 C ruise Cabin. 14o E vm ru d e , 
Troller, W as $6885 Now 55989 
JI ’ C r u is e C a b in , K O O M C , 
Trailer, Was 57175 Now $66o5 
21 Regal Cabin, 175 OM C, T ra ile r was $9783 Now $91oo 
IO' Cruise? C a b in 12o O M C , 
Trailer, Was MISO Now *565o 

TRY BEFORE YOU BUY! 
H O L D A Y M A R IN A 
Lake Mc Oueenev, 512-557-6622- 
O P E N SAT • SUN Till 6pm 

BARGAIN S1495 
I t ' gulf G u lf boa! w ith tw in V-4 
Evinrudes, and tra ile r 648-1131, 
456 2678_________________________ 

7 4 Vs Bass Boat 4ohp m e rcu ry t r o ll m o to r and d e p th fin d e r , 
518oo, 828-5246 atter 4pm_________ 
Bass boat, 1972 Ranger, with 125 
Johnson, 694-9567, 735-6449 
14’ BOAT, M O TO R ” 
T ra ile r, 545o 333-9355 
Cadillac Plylat 35HP E v in motor, tilt trailer, 2 gas tanks, battery, i 
' a nchors A S T E A L ' 698-277Z 
I f COBIA Jet 1973 Wide, deep V, 
45$ Olds P lu sh , p e rfe ct. T ops. a n ch o rs, vests, sk is G re a t tor g u lf or la ke 6 m as g u a ra n te e . 
55(oo 653-648o 
___________ _ 
1976 Custom Jet" 455 Olds, $55oo b rin bib 5878 536 34o4 
Omao Catam aran, m ain and lib, like n e w , very fast 624-2o78______ 
65 IS' Ftbei glass Ski Baal, 7$hp ski equiot, trailer, $75o 341-o824 
Fine Selection used Sailboats 
NEW Sailboat Shoo, Austin 
6o4 Highland M alt Blvd 454-7171 
16 Fish n Ski, 65hp M e rcu ry Can-' vos Top, Excellent cond. $21oo. 
- 492 1447_________ _______________ 
~74. 16 F ish or sk i. F ib e rg la s s 
K in g fish e r boat, fron t and r e a r sw iv e l seats, ce n te r d e ck con - trois, SOhp M e rcu ry, T ilt tra ile r, also extras *3,15o. 453-1478 81/o 
[C ro ss Creek Apt. tot. 

J 
AMERICAN 
! 
; 
MOBILE 
; 
I & MODULAR ; 

; 
3 o o 4 s . w . 
... 
; 
; 
MILITARY DR. 
! 
I 
SANANTONIO 

: 
, 
9 2 2 - 1 8 o o 
: 
I : * RIGHT ACROSS ; 
| f'FROM CHURCH’S ; 
J, FRIED CHICKEN! * J 

^>an A n to n io H XPR E S S - N E W S — 
S u n d a y M a y 8 I 9 7 7 

BOATS, MOTORS 
8o4 BOATS. MOTORS 
BOG SPORTING GOGOS 

Dam aged 2 12x24 red barn heavy duty 
Moors, term s free del 
924-o32o___________________ _ _ _ 
D a m a g e d 8x12 Stg 
B a ld in g . terms, free del 924-5oo3 
Foetor* 2nd Special 12x16, 1ox16 
Storage Bidq terms, free del 
653 8111------------------------------- ------ 

' I A C R E N E A R R A N D O L P H 
C ity elec., W a te r 
N o d ow n payment 
$3o m o 
Bdl Harper 
494-7412. 
______________ 

M a rk 9oo brief case telephone 
Receive or make calls, anytime anyw here No license required 
Buy or lease and use it today 

R E D DO G C H A R T E R S 
Port M ansfield, 78S8o 944 22o2, 
N ight F ish in g B a rg e Off Shore and Diving parties 
_____________ 
W A N T E D 
D ove Le ase . South 
Zone Coll 226 1316 Anytim e 
V A 
MOBILE HOME 
LOANS NOW 
BEING 
PROCESSED?! 
HURRY TO 

BILD M ART 

6o1 Flonda • 534 o7SI 
DISCOUNT 

Building Material Store 

3o go fort ag domestic iran 
$79 95 SCJ. 
Mist ext and int doors 
$4.5o and up 
4 Ft wood step ladder 
$4.95 
Harmony washerless faucet: lavatory, chrome $21.95; Colors, 
$19.76; kitchen, chrome, 
$18.86; rotors, $17 96 
Vinyl asbestos flow tile, box 45 sq f t ...................... 
$8.95 
4x8x''?" insulated sheeting. 
......... . $2 99 
4*8x1; nmlbasp 
$3.95 
Used Whiskey barrets .. Vt bor ret.............. 
2 for $16.9o 
5? gal Whiskey borrel 2 for $28 
Alum Turbo vents, internal brot ed 
2 for $33.9o 
External braced 
2 for $37.9o 

BUD MART carries TRU-TfST 

 paint - select from 124o 

 custom colors 

$ $ $ S A V E $ $ $ 

C A S H ‘ N * C A R R Y 

Mmt*r(lHm|F * Bantrkwwmarrt 

Colt Trooper M K III, 37 Mognum , blue finish $22o. or nickel finish 
$234 Brow ning high power M-shot autom atic 9 m m pistol with ad lustible sites. $295 Colt 4S a u ­ tomatic. $211 SO W olther P P K S 
38o automatic, $225 Several mare guns for sale or trode S34-T414 or 
532 5225 during business hours. 
Old Town Surfer K A Y A K , excel lent condition. 532-5615 atter Spm 

S A IL Boat A q u a riu s 21. m otor tra ile r, good fam ily, c r u ise r 
552oo. 695 8939 

F o r Sale. U F I Century Resorter 
Rebuilt 389 VS, Pontiac Excellent 
Cond 512 557 63C5 oft 6 
Hallie Cat Sailboats 
D IS P L A Y of S T O N E M A R IN E 
724o Bandera Road 
Dealer: Jewett Services, 342 8778 

Adult and F a m ily section, club house with sw im m ing pool Paved streets, u n d e rg ro u n d utilities large lots, no pets, best m ain- tointed park in town, on S E Mill- tray O r west of IH37. across from 
Brooks Field, Indian Hills Mobile 
Home P o rk 333 o83o. 

26o3 B R O A D W A Y 
Sailboat. 19' Flying Scot Stable, comfortable, fast day sailer Fully eauipped with J set sail. Fleet cham pion in ’75-76 $34oo firm, 
653-7646__________________________• 
Sailboat. 1976 Hobie with Trailer 
656-29o3 

W H Y L E A S E » Need I or ? men to buy m y equity Paym ents $2o2.7o per mn. 7 **"■> Beautiful Canyon on 4 o♦ A c re s G reat cam psite 
Nueces River access Good hunt mg Call 653-o367 atter 7pm. Sot o» Sun Can utter 6pm weekdays 

26ft Cris Craft Fly Budge. Twin 
??ohp Low Hours Extras $12,9oo 
A ran sas 
Pass 
1-758 5o67 after 
6pm___________ 

NCR 499 M IN I C O M P U T E R ma trix Printer with payroll and gen era! ledger software. I yr. old 
Excellent condition Take o ve r rem aining lease 226-5526________ 

77 7' i H P boot motor, $2oo Small boot included 224-699o___________ your lot All paneled and plum b mg, vinyl floor covering 
2 bedroom, I both, $1o,5oo 
3 bedroom, I bath, $12,8oo 
Dodson Lum ber 
624-2256 

17FI, Deep V boat, with motor and trailer, Good B u y ' $995 826 121o 
1974 Jetboat, 19ft . 455 Olds, $45oo 
374 5211. Crystal C ity____________ 
R e c e p tio n is t d e sk , h y d ra u lic choirs. 734-2349 _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ 
76 18ft G alaxie Deep V 14o hp 
M e rcru irc r Engine, Top, Cover, 
Radio, Extra Props, and Trader 
Coll Dusty 732 SU I._______________ 

K N O D E L M A R I N E 
Lake 
Mc 
Oueeney. 
S A 
658 9164 open Tues Sol 9 6, Sun I S 

12' Sailboat, jib. M a in sa il, and trailer, 
$595 
679 1o27 
New 
B r a u n f e ls ________ ______________ 
Mobile home site Pickup 4 back paym ents of $32 each and take over balance H B G IMC. 494-3419 or 342 18o8 
__________ 
A D D A R O O M , C u sto m B uilt, 
Sue, Delivery- Term s, 923 4346. 
HOO ac. Edw ards Co. $5oo each. need 2 guns. 225-5251 w k d y s 
__ 
ISO acres hunting country $99.SO per acre 5°* down paym ent 7J<% s im p le in te re st w ith 2o y e a r term s O w ner financed Call for appointment 734 9598_____________ 
2o a cre s Hunting cou ntry $49$ down payment. $77.22 per mo On tenet line of lorege ranch. Never hunted. Ow ner financed Call to see 734-7964 
_ 

Sail Boat i i ' Moth C lass Needs som e repairs, no trailer, bul can be car topped $175. 344-7o8? 

1611 G a lax y Trihull, 65hp M e r cu rv, till trailer, all equipm ent, like new 
$195o 
684-4987 after 
5pm 
__ 
_ 

69 Model Ski R ig to trade tor B ass 
Boot. Coll 923-7615_______________ 
Am erican Mobile It M odular 
H O M E S IN SA N A N T O N IO , Inc 
922-7191 
922-o44 

E ve ry other month F R E E for one year! Only (4) lots cm this Special 
B U C K IN G H A M V IL L A G E 
_____________658-2811___________ __ 

6 x 8 ..$ 2 9 5 
8x1o...$396 
O th e r s iz e s a v a ila b le 
Q U A L I T Y C O N S T R U C T I O N 
H eavy Duty Floor Included 

72 mod. T e rry B a s s Boat. SObp 
Johnson, trailer, new M otorguide troller, finder, $215o. 
T E X A L L B o a t, 222-9628 

So-Tex Convos Products 
Custom M ade Boat and M otorcy cie C o v e rs F re e E st. O a v s ; 
337 4358 Night; 337-7939__________ 

Gaud! Lum ber Good LemrfTrs 
8 .............................. 19c L F 
6 ........................... 19' ?c L F 
8 ................................26c L F 

197o 19ft , 2!ohp Evm rude boat. 4 wheel trailer, elec. power winch, new w ater pum p, e xtra prop s, m any extras SS8oo 696-3576 

Beryl s Mobile Hom e Center 
N E W and U S E D 651 6961 
16513 IH-35 N O R T H (Selm a Exit) 
LO T N E A R R A N D O L P H F IE L D , 
1oox2oo O w n e r fin a n c e d SSO down, $29 month 
684-4211 P IO N E E R R E A L T Y 
S P Y D E R B O A T S 
Factory Outlet Prices 
Discount Boot Sales 654-o38o 

M O V IN G . M U S T S E L L ! 14' speed boat with trailer No motor. Only 
$2oo 341 8o34_______________ _ 
75 28ft Silverton Sport F is h e r ­ m an, Tw in 225 C h ry sle r FW C , 
O u trig g e rs, Loran. Stereo ond m ore A sking $28,5oo For Infor- motion coll 653-2o73, or I 944 2345 

SOT S e q u in R d . 
226-314T 
P o rta b ie B u ild in g s M o v e d b v 
Morgan. Bonded. 653-8111. 
Rep® 12x4o dam aged 12x24 m ust 
.sell free delivery term s 923-4346 iRepo 12x32 red barn heavy duty 
;floor tree del terms, 923-4346 
Slightly damaged, reduced 12x24 
Storg bldg del, terms, 684-1236 
Used redwood 8x16, 1ox12 storage bldg free del term s 684-1236 
12x24 Office or Lake Cabin free del, Term s, 732-5171______________ 
1ox9 outdoor metal bldg. 656-156o utter spm 
________________ 
7x8 portable building with floor, 
S3oo. 337-7596 

M O B IL E H O M E P A R K LO T S 
$45 mo P H A approved, Judson 
Ind. Schools. 658 oo22, 658-1326. 
F O R U S E D M O B IL E H O M E S 
<55-o471 
651 631 
• 5oo S e g u in R d , 226-3141 ♦ 
‘71 Thunderbird 19ft with arces galv trailer. $4ooo or best otter 
673 32o8, 923 6824______________ 
4 6-8-13 Total N C R C a sh R e g is ­ ters 534-349o, 648-3358___________ 
Nacra ^Catam aran 
Dealer Introd Offer 826 3393 

C O N D O M IN IU M S F o r L e a s e 
R o c k p o rt, T e x a s, fo r C re ste d 
Bote, Colorado Call 214-631 o4o2 or Box 35391, Polios, T X __________ 

75 Double Wide 3-1. turn, central heat air, like new. in park, mow ing, for quick sale 
Anytim e 
656-1o97 
__________________ 

1972 19ft Sterne rot! 165 M ere rn o u tb o a rd d riv e , D ille y g o lv jtra ile r 
1974 B a s s B oat, 4oho 
Johnson. Dilley trailer Troll mo 
'tor, extras 654 8o9o 
__________ 

Used Fiberglass Yachts 
B e rtra m 25-28-31 46; H a tte ra s 
34-36-41, Cal 27-34, O T H E R S 8o7 
San d o llar, R ockport, 729 1oOO; 
Corpus Christi, 852 212o__________ 

U sed R e s ta u ra n t E q u ip m e n t; 
4-dr reachin refrigerator 1ooo lb ice machine. National cash regis ter, c h e st ty p e d e e p fre e z e 
492 238o ofter 6pm_______________ 

TS min, north of W onderland, aff utilities, o v e r size lot, p riva te stocked lake $38 m onthly B IL L 
E S S E X 341-5941. 
____________ 

New 15 'iff. Regal, Tri Hull. 65hp, 
Mercury, T railer............... $2993. 
New tS’ jft Regal, Tri Hull 65hp 
Johnson, Trailer 
.............$3o49 
New 16 ft C h ry sle r Sport F u ry lOOhp Evm rude, Trailer 
. $3475 

D eer, B ird , F is h in g C a m p in g 
Lease Year Round 3om m from 
SA in Medina County, 5oo acres, for $25oo Per yeor 696 8283 

Double Wide, paw ning, skirting, low equity. 661 7563.______________ 
16ft T e xa s M aid, 65 hp m otor frailer. Call 684-3933 otter 6 ______ 
N E , S h a d y A c r e s T r a ile r P k fenced, store roam, trees, *37.5o 
Near W indsor PK M all 826-8766. 
F IS H IN G , ra n c h ta n k s, B a s s, 
Catfish, Crappie, *1o. per day per person 333-6955_______________ 

16 It Tri Hull 75 hp Evinrude, like new 534 9322, 333 5679 
New-Used, m o o IN 35N. 655-o471 
Colt 45 auto. target model, cu s­ tom built, accursed, Bo-m ar rib. etc , *275 9 mm. 38 and .357 am mo 699 1939_____________________ 

72 L a m p lig h te r, 14x64, good cond 
Assum e loan+equitv 
684-5351_____________ 
16' Gtastron Carousel, inb oard oui, like new 826 9565 695-8o56 
Lake M c Oueeney. Open Sunday 
___________512-557 6622___________ 
F or sale, portable elevator deer b lin d s, a lso tow er b lin d s on d ground blinds Call G a rza W eld­ ing Service. 627 9oo6. 923 2918 (aft 

DITTMAR LUMBER 
5oo SEGUIN * 226-3141 

Genuine Strong Born (orrug. Iron lengths to 2 o .......... $24,95 sg. 
Corrugated Fiberglass, full 4 or 
8 $4 39; IO. $5.49; 12, $6.59 
Asbestos S id in g 
$27 95 sq. 
First quality birch paneling. 
>/4 in............... $7.95 ea. 
4x8 2 8" (OX plywood $5.79 ea. 
4x8— 1 2 COX plywood.......... $6.98 ea. 

Insulation 3'//*.........9Vz< sg. ft 
Insulation 6 ........ >6< sq. ft 

T H E M O N E Y S A V E R 
MasterCharge BankAmericard 
Where Cash Buys at Wholesale 

A cre a ge hom esite w ith central water system . Just IS min from 
41o. $3ooo SICO down ond $31 41 per month for 144 m onths of 8°o. 
J C H O RTO N , B R O K E R 342-18o8, or 494-3419 
____________ 

I? G rum ann Alum V bottom, 9 8 m ercury motor $8oo 653 o152 
Like New Beautiful 12x65 M obil 
Home M oke Offer 667 124o. 
R O C K B O T T O M P R IC E S on In vaders and Deck Boats, Johnson and M e rcu ry* R A Y S M A R IN E , 
C an yo n Lake. H w y. 2673 n e a r 
Startzville A N D Hwy 3o6 across from Goofv’s. 1-899-211o 

M O B IL E H O M E O W N E R S 
Need a little extro ca sh ? 
W E buy Mobile Home Tires and 
Wheels. *1o Each B rin g in or we pick up 
S U N S E T M O B IL E H O M E S 
2762 S W M IL IT A R Y O R 
_______ 922-o54o 

 s and W Model 29 8" brl new ond in box papers, call 696-17oo By 
Appointm ent_____________________ 
We Pay Cosh for rifles, shotguns and pistols 736-1796. 

’71 M O B IL E H O M E , 12x56 2 be­ droom , carpet. W asher, d rye r, air, $49oo or best otter, 648-2351 eves, weekends 

M A V E R IC K County, 4oo acres 
Big deer, doves, quail $16oo for all Rusty Russell, 333-5863 
Lake McQueeney, 512-557-6622 
Open Everyday except M onday 
I LUMBER BARGAINS latex Wall Paint 
$3.5o 
2x4 No 3 Select studs 
894 
24o lb Seoldown shingle $>4.25 
4x8 Vt" (OX Plywood 
. $6.99 
4x8 W plywood 
$1o.95 
24x36 aluminum wmdows$12.45 

I 
AIUMINUM PATIO DOORS 
16 foot............................ $ " 9 
“C A SH A N D C A R R Y ” 
BARNES LUMBER CO. 
12o7 f. Durango 
533-S H S 

Northwest, 5oX1oo lots, free move to qualified renter, 684 2851. 
Luxurious Velvet 
Hercuion or Naugahyde 
Sofas 

S FOO lo v e se a t 
$ 7 5 , 
C h airs $ 5 o , Tables $ I 7 each 
Dinette 
$ 5 5 , 
Bedroom 
Se t Com plete 
S 1 25, 
C a n 
Deliver. 
Terms. 
Smith Construction Co. 
8515-8 Speedway 349-4127 

Mobile Home, 72 Suburban, 12x48 furnished 2 bedroom, central heat and air $58oo or $6oo equity and assum e *122 monthly payment. 
626-2898,__________________________ 

Please N o Xhifd ren 
Please No O vernighters 
Only Quiet Contained Pets 
Seven Spaces Rem ain ing 
Oun Rovin, 7oo9 S. Flores 
923 8877 or 344-5615 
225-1666 
Off 
THERE 

Ct? QUALITY ITEMS 
& DISCOUNT PRICES 
o LOW CLASSIFIED RATES 

M O V IN G ! M U S T S E L L 
12x6o, 2 bedroom , p artially fu r­ nished on fenced J«acre lot in N a­ talia. City utilities 2o min. south of 
San Antonio. *14,5oo. Natalia (I) 
663-4996 
_ 

SALE! 
ONLY S I 6.27 WO 
W hy p ay re n t? B u y y o u r ow n homesite in this resort like mobile home com m unity Poved streets, city type utilities, boat docks, pier, club house, big sw im m ing pool. On Lake Dunlap near New 
Brauntels, 25 m inutes drive from 
SA *1495 lot, $155 cash down. 
*134o balance ow ner financed, 
8°o A P R interest. Payab le *12o mo. P a y m e n ts of $16.27, Total de fe rre d p ric e J19S2.4o. Con pre-poy balance without penalty 

N E W 1977, 14x6o 
*925o Will finance 655-o471 
A L M E L U M B E R It S U P P L Y 
1oo1 Austin St., 226-1437 
U niversal City, 658-6331 
N orthw est area- 12x65 cu stom built, tu rn C e n t ra l a ir-h e o t, 
*6,ooo. or *1,5oo eauitv and as- sume, 684-8269 ofter 7PM . 

C & S LUMBER 
COMPANY 
SPRING SPECIALS 

Kiln dried— -Nee Brite 
2x4-8-14 No 2 YP 
169 l f. 
2*6-8— 14 No 2 TP 
24« 
2x4-8-14 No. I VP 
18« 
2x6 8— 14 No I YP 
26« 
2x8 8— 14 No 2 YP 
3!« 
2x6-8-14 No I YP 
34c 

BARGAIN HUNTERS 
SPECIAL 
2x4 precut KO fir studs .... 79c 
2x4 precut KO YP studs .. 
79c 
2x4 1o— 16 KO fir ........ IIC 
2x61o-16 KO fir ......... 15c 
4x8 Vt" (OX DFPA 
$6 99 
4x8 
7/16 
R.B.8B, embossed hdboard sdg. Brined A grade 
$9.95 
CASH & CARRY 

WHILE STOCK LASTS 

C& SLUMBER 
COMPANY 

4647 ROOSEVELT 
(512) 924-8556 
I 

1977 FLOOR MODEL CLOSEOUTS 
N E W F U L L Y W A R R A N T E D 
Reg. Price 
Close-out 

HotPoinf DLX portable dishwasher, fop of the line, counter top ................................. 359.95 
$ 2 9 9 
HotPoinf micro oven deluxe, fully auto 5o9.95 
$ 4 2 9 
HotPoinf trash compactor 
.............. 269.95 
$ 2 1 9 

HotPoinf elec range 3o white, fully auto........................................... 319.95 
$ 2 6 9 
HotPoint elec. ronge 3o" gloss-ceramic cooking panel, self cleaning........................ 689.95 
$ 5 6 9 

Deluxe Firestone electric range 3o" white, self cleaning oven, fully auto.................. 339.95 
$ 2 8 9 
Super-Deluxe 24 
Hot Point side-by-side, green refrigerator, icemaker, water dispenser, frost-free............ 
1o39.95 
$ 7 9 9 
HotPoint Food Waste Dispoer, disposal u n it............................................ 139.95 
$ 9 9 

Fedders 27,ooo BTU Deluxe Window Air Con­ ditioner. ___ -v— - .......................... 689.95 
$ 4 6 9 

A L A M O E N T E R P R IS E S 
H A S E V E R Y T H IN G 
TO B U IL D A N Y T H IN G 
PUBLIC SALE! 
Beautiful 

Early Am erican or C o n ­ 

 tem porary Kingsize Bed room set. 
Includes 
Dresser, 
M irror, 
Chest, 
N ight Stand, Bed, Foun­ dation. $ 2 5 9 
D isp layed 
O n 'y C a n Deliver. Terms. 

Smith Construction Co. 

8515-8 Speedway 349-4127 

African Violets, dish gardens, all ty p e s c e ra m ic p la n te r s 
M acram e 534 oo36____________ 
O W N E R S E L L IN G beautiful 1976 
Lancer. 72x14, two bedroom s. 2 baths. H ouse type c e n tra l air, washer, dryer, dishw asher, 41x9 aatio cower, etc Set up in adult section of nice park. Reasonable. 
924 4231 or 333-4899._______________ 

M anufacturer to You 
Still in Crates 
Fully Assem bled 
A TTEN TIO N ! 
Building Contractors c o r b id s in o rn a m e n t a l ira n w o rk s su c h a s r a ilin g s , steel stairways, steel columns, window guards with fire escape system s. 
Call us at 

1 -5 T 2 -7 2 2 -4 5 1 1 
O R W R IT E 
M A R IO ’S IR O N W O R K S 
7o6 C O R T E Z ST 
L A R E D O , T X 78o4o 
We deliver 
Residential ar 
Commercial._________________ 

A ir Condition, 23,ooo B T U Sears I yr old 
Cost $4oo Sell tor $2oo 
924-o356 
A ir C onditioner, like new Old stove, Old Iron double Bed. 3o" stove 534 789________ 
R I V E R B E N D exit in New Braunfels! 
1-625-9417 
1969 Ram ada 12x52 M obile home 
2 bedroom, cen! heat-air, *35oo 
684-7416__________________________ 
74 R E P U B L IC 14x7o, 3 bedroom, bath, kitchen Central heat air. 
Semi furnished. *6995 658-o591 

Full Price Delivered 
A IR C O N D IT IO N E R S - C a rrie r 
6ooo B T U . H S V 
59o 
F e d d e rs 
8ooo BTU, USV, *125 927 5827 
Over 7,ooo brand new 19/7 model big powerful 7 H P Briggs A Shaitan 
Mustang Riding lawn Mowers With full factory warranty Must be sold immediately. Not for S469 9S, only $269.95. Full price delivered Doter blade and grass catcher available. Place your order now or write tai free 

W 
M t o h n Co)| A n y ,.m e ; 7 i 3 — 
9 3 2 - o 2 2 , 
M A M MFG. SALES OF TEXAS 
8 3 3 6 L o n g Point R o a d 
H o u sto n , T e x a s 7 7 o 8 o 

A ir c o n d it io n e r - F r i g id a ir 
12,ooo BTU, 115V, *165. 927 5827 
A B Dick Folder 
58. folds up to ; tt‘xl7 ’. Overhauled bv noted lith- I o-mechanic. 
Last offer 
*35o. ! 
224-8487 j 
Bar B Que, ice cream m achines i 
Dishw asher, m ixer, bake ovens, - icemaker Used 733-1292 

'A ir co n d itio n e rs! 3 C h ry sle rs, i Tons ea. Im m ediate d elivery 
B ig savings Available for inspec tion Write W A Suden. 1o24 Cm cinnati Ave., San Antonio, Tx 
782o1 
________________ 
_____ 

Mx8o 
3 br. 
2 baths 
Delivered. 
Extra Firm 

O rthopedic Kingsize M a t ­ tress, 2 Box Sp rin g s and 
Foundation, $ 7 5 . Still in 
O rigin al Package. Q u e e n 
Size set, $ 6 5 . Full Size set. $ 5 5 , Twin S iz e Set. 
C a n Deliver. Terms. 

Smith Construction Co. 

8515-8 Speedway 349-4127 

Air Conditioner Condenser Units, 
Fredrichs. 3 'i ton and one 2 ton 
*295 ond *195 Att Sam 655 o986 

Beauty Shop equipm ent: 2 com merciol dryers, 2 vanities. A L SO glass show case. C oke m achine, brass fire extinguisher and more. 
924-7817. _________________ 
O n S a le ; S o lid P a n e l F r o n t 
Doors,. Bi-Fold Doors, *7.5o, New 
Screen D o o rs *12.5o, also used windows and doors. 
31o3 
W. 
Commerce.______________________ 

Akai custom tape deck with cross fie ld h e a d s, 3 m o to rs, a u lo 
.reverse, walnut cabinet. *165 oo 
533 2495______________ 

114oo I H 35 N. 655-o471. T a k e 
Wiedner Rd. Exit.____________ 
, 
HUGE RUMMAGE 
I 
SALE 
ANTIQUES 
I 
KENDALL COUNTY 
FAIR GROUNDS 
I 
BOERNE, TEXAS 
M ay 14-15, 
1oam-6pm 

Auction 4pm-6pm 

German Sausage 
Dinner 
Pies, Cakes, 

Sfreudel for information coll 

Bill Chambetlm 696-2522 

Burroughs posting- bookkeeppmg m achine. U sed v e ry little. Cost 
*35ooo p rice d to sell $395. Ben 
Lam bert Co. tost Austin Hwy. 
826-8663 
________________ 

35’ trailer 2-1. G ood condition. 
M ust sell. Can see 6537 Randolph 
Blvd, W hispering W inds Trailer 
Park______________________ _ _ 

A n tiq u e s; O ak s e c re ta ry , oak d r e s s e r w ith b e ve le d m irro r, m atching m a h o ga n y w a rd ro b e and dresser, lamps, light fixtures. 
Trundle bed, black vinyl chair, clothes Fri-Sat. 16815 Parkstone 
(off Thousand O aks) 494 6157 

A L L K IN D S O F F U R N IT U R E 
Soto $69, Dining Room Set, $125. 
D in e tte $39, D o u b le Bed, $45 
S im m o n s R o ll a w a y b ed $35, 
L arge Oak Desk $6o, F rig id a ire 
Double Door Ref $145, Stove $49, 
Chest $25, Dishes ond glassw are 
M uch M ore 17o5 West Ave I 7pm 
73? 6595 
_ 
T a u Wood Tables 
I lamp, $35. J hunchina, 
$3o each 
344 6538. 
34? 1324 

L U M B E R 
L U M B E R 
L U M B E R 
W e’ve got lots of it. It you need any quantity, bring your list and bring your money. We guarantee to save you money. 
D I T T M A R L U M B E R 
5oo Sequin Rd. 
226-3141 

C A S H R E G I S T E R , S w e d a . 4 function. 
$8oo. 
2-vears old. 
69o-899o.___________________ 
I 71 5 W. Com m erce 
2 2 6 - 2 4 1 4 
B ooks (h a rd backs, som e clos sics), high chair, dishes, lewelry, e x e r c ise r , p a tte rn s, re c o rd player radio com bination, elec­ tric trim m e r, la w n s p r a y e r , camera, M A N Y M O R E ! Sot Sun. 
99o3 
Astronaut 
(off 
Nacogdoches)___________________ 

L A W N M O W E R S : 
2 se lf propelled I T oro electric start 
$65 Other $45 Antique m arble too washstand. $7o 696 7437_________ 
Displayed 

Birt Never Used 

Kingsize Bedroom Set (omplete 
S225. White Gold Bedroom Set, 
Bamboo Rattan, Hercuion Sofo and (hair $139. Recliner $59. 
Extra Firm Full Size Bed S6S. 
Stereo, Sofa Sleeper, $165. Can 
Deliver, Terms. 
Smith Const?action Col 
FSS>5-8 Speedway 34-9-4127 

Law n m ow ers Good cond 2o", 
$5o 
22’’ 
$55 
438 
Orchard, 
337 36o5._____________ 

W e g u a r a n t e e lo w e r p rice s on n e w fu rn itu re th a n a n y oth e r re ta il fu rn itu re sto re a n y w h e re r e g a r d le s s a f a n y k in d o f sa le th e y m a y run. lf y o u c o n b e a t th e p rice s on a n y fu rn itu re y o u b u y fro m u s a t a n y o th e r re tail fu rn itu re sto re w e w ill r e ­ fund to y o u 1 2 o % a t the d iffe re n ce . 

I. Price, confirmotrcm required 

2. Must be within 3o days of purchase — Your receipt is proof of purchase 
3. Must be alike and of same brand and/or model no. s. 

China cabinet, winding Vicfrola, tab le s, c h a irs , ste m w a re , planters, dishes, etc Thurs-Sun, 7 to 7. 2S4 S. W eidner Rd, 6SS-226o. 

R e p o sse se d 1ox16 port office, terms, free delivery 732-5171 
Like new Double, twin bed $65 
K ing bed, bunk beds $125 sofa, loveseat. w a sh e rd ry e r $2oo air conditioner $75 654-6263__________ 

Sale Portabie Borns, 8x8 to 12x32 terms, tree del. 924-5oo3.__________ 
S IN C L A IR L U M B E R CO 
2x4, 8ft............................. 99c eo 
2x4, 1o-t6ft.................... 17' rC ft. 
2x6, 1o-14H................... 24C ft 
4x4 ........ 
49C ft. 
4x8x- r” plywood, seconds 
SS 9» 
7 ft. treated fence posts 
*1.59 e a 
P R E - F fN IS rtE D M O U L D IN G 
Door trim, 7ft. ............. 
99c eo. base, 8ft........................ Si. $9 eo. 
Inside corner, 8*t. ....... 
49c eo. 
Outside corner, att ......... 69c eo. 
I 1» cap., 8ft 
................. 79c eo. 
9456 S Presa at 49o, 633-29o9 

L IN O L E U M S A L E 
Heavy Vinyl 
Linoleum $4 95 Sa Yd For Clear once. Linoleum Rem nants. Wall 
Paper 9o $I oo inside Latex $5 9$ 
Gal Exterior Latex Home Point 
Best G rad e $8 Venetian B lin d s 
S8 95 ea T e rm s G E R H A R D T * 
533 7149. 161? S. Hackberry 

1823 T E X A S 
Oak dining set and other items 2-5 daily_____________________________ 
E S T A T E S A L E Antiques Cheap 
_______Big Wells 1-457-2455_______ 
S A L E 
MCDONALD’S 
The Clearance Center for one of America’s largest 
Furniture leasing Co’s 
"W e Rented it First, 
So we can sell it for less.” 
Lam ps 
......................... $: 
Tables 
...................... * 
Headboards ................ si 
Chairs ......................... s t 
Mattress Sets ...............$3: 
Dinettes ...................... S3" 
Dressers .....................SS! 
Sofas ...........................S6( 

Furniture, Lam ps, Pots-n-Pans. 
1315 Bosse Rd. 344-9678- 341-1759 
Luger. Germ an officer issue WW ll, mint condition, m ake offer. 
826 7o1o 
________ 
G arage Sale, 4-fam. m oving Fri- noon lo Sat.-sunset. 
5722 Ben 
Casey.____________________________ 
M aple swivel rocker, $5o Dtal-a- motic Hoover vacuum . $45. Fad­ ing p icn ic table, $5 C om plete baby bed. $45 
Box ton. SIO. 
656 67o9 

G a ra g e Sale U n u su a l T V ’s, G E 
W n s h e r D r y e r , 
T y p e w r it e r , lam ps, turn. E le c 
H o sp Bed. p la n ts, m isc . 4151 H ills w tn d , 
656-2515 Sat 9 a.rn 
________ 
MORE CLASSIFIED 
ON PAGE US 

Ston Hetmke W ishes to Announce 
That he is now associated with 
M O F F E T T L U M B E R CO 432-7883 
I2’x32’ red barn $27oo new $2ooo now. Double door ond windows. 
Located af IW O ond C am p Bunts. 

M a ttre ss and B o x sp rm q . solo. chair, wood dinette, kingsize bed 
654 6725_________________________ 
G arage Sale, IO to 2 Sunday, Mow 
8 2333 W Gram ercy. 732-7791 
G A R A G E S A L E : 7 F a m ilie s 
B ab y items, pool table, sew ing m achine, M a n y T re a su re s 
La 
Ventana in Valencia. M a y 7th-8th 
9 to 5pm_____________________ 

M A T T R E S S E S all sizes, like new. T W IN $7o, F U L L $79. 
Q U E E N $135; K IN G SISO, B U N 
K IE S E T $7o 924-7817 
YOUR GUIDE TO DEPENDABLE SERVICE 

 t x P R E S S - N E W S 

527 Cypress, Lum ber Furniture, 
Plumbing, Etc 732 2437__________ 
M en 
Sofa and C h a ir S p a n ish 
D in in g set Lik e new 341 1174 after 4 

Bar • Stereo, M ontgom ery W ard 
$2oo 49? 996o___________________ 
Garage Sale; Fan, Mower, edqer, refriq , Cole Stove, throw pillows. curtains, clothes, books. Thor- 
Sun. 71o W Norwood.____________ 
Beautiful glass chrom e rectal! qulor cotter table. 5I?5 656 2883 
M etal sto ra ge bldg, 7 x8 
$45 
Alum inum windows,*?. 5oea 
735 4597_______________ 
____ 
B cd Q ueensize and hide a bed excellent cond att.5 w kdvs. all day Sun 736 5828_________ 
G arage Sale. Sm all appliances, 
TV, tools, baby turn., M uch M ore 
Sot- Sun 4o3 Dow nshire__________ 
G arage Sale 
Typew riter $35, 5 spd bike $35, yellow wool rug, 
Boys clothes. Tonka Truck. Toys, 
3o9 Weathercock Sot. M a y 7. 1o-5 p rn______________________________ 
G A R A G E S A L E Sot Sun Mow 7-8 
M a n y calib er am m unition, like new ad u lt clo th e s, e x e c u tiv e wooden desk, upholstered chairs, lamps. 
M uch 
M ore! 
6o7 
E 
M a n d a la y________________________ 

S E W IN G M A C H IN E 
R E PATR S-S E R V IC E 
DIRT-SAND-GR A V E L 
F>LL-TOPSOlL 
HAULING & M O VING 
P A IN TIN G , P A P E R IN G 
PLA S TE R IN G 
...owing H a u lin g , 3 y r s e x p e r­ ience. reasonable, tree est. Lance 
696-4495 
______________________ 

Neighborhood garage sale 
Fu r niture, appl, clothes, m isce llan ­ eous. Sat and Sun. 59o6 Brenda 
Lone 

A A A Grade, Topsoil- Caliche, Etc 
$15.5o-Up 333-oo78 Anytim e! 
Expert Sewing M achine Repair 
Free In-Shop Estim ates 
3523 w est Ave., 344-9671 

Painting, wall papering Inferior, 
E x t e rio r . W o rk g u a r a n te e d 
Referen ces furnished. F re e es- timates. Jack Williams, 43S-4779. 

A D D IT IO N S 

A Barron. Ail T ypes Dirt-Sand 
Gravel Yeor Round Del. 435-6157 
M O V IN G ? O R W A N T T H IN G S 
H A U L E D A W A Y ’ 
Free Estim ates 923-67o9 
P L A N T L IQ U ID A T IO N S A L E 
All plants must qo, beautiful. Also a tent. 653 4619___________ 
All types dirt, sand, gravel. Jim 
Langford, Northside, 342-244o. 
A L L types dirt-sand-gravel. 7 Day 
Delivery. 532-191o.________________ 

S W IM M IN G 
Speed Queen washer and dryer, new condition. Harvest gold. Ask- ing $3oo 433-8422.________________ 
P A IN T IN G 
C O M P L E T E F IN A N C IN G 
F R E E E S T IM A T E S 
Executive, Secretary, O ccasion­ al. Upholstered, vinyl and genuine leather All Beautiful O ver 2oo c h a irs to choose from 
P ric e d from $27 5o and up 1131 B a sse 
Rd , 733-7367, 734-3o81 
_______ 

H O M E IM P R O V E M E N T S 
M A IN T E N A N C E 
Utility poles, security lights, elec. m e te rs, tim e c lo c k s, tra n s- formers. oft 5pm w kdoys 684 2233 
A G a rc ia P a in tin g C o n tra c to r 
Free Est Int-Ext. 734-7846. 
Pool cleaning, daily or w e e kly service. Free est. 656-o248________ 
125 SO F T Oak flooring, center match, pegged, pretinished, *525, d e liv e r ed. 
F r e d e r ic k s b u r g , 
1997 3568 1-997 4829 

B E L G IA N G A R D E N T O P S O IL 
Best Quality, also sand-top soil mix. Open M S 435-9229; 433-1489 
A & K P a in tin g with p rid e W hy pay more for less! 826 4576.______ 
Sw im m ing pool chem icals 
Low prices 656-o248 
Joe M e n d e z P a in te r, ta p in g floater, pap er hanger, texture 
Free Estim ates 435 2778________ 
O L D A M E R IC A N F U R N IT U R E 
Gold oak dresser, $15o, Pie safe with crown, $25o. Wardrobe, $1oo. 
Piano stool. $5o. Settee and choir, 
$1oo. Iro n b a b y bed. M A N Y 
M O R E IT E M S 1 Boerne 249-2826 

D irt- T o p so il- S a n d - G r a v e l- 
Loam. Ray Hendrix. Delivered 
341-2449_____________________ 
Stove, 3o in. M agic Chef series 6, electric 4-burner, self-cleaning oven, stainless steel top, sm oked g la ss front door panels B ra n d new- 
$4oo firm, cash only 
633-3878.________________________ ^ 

A + P A IN T IN G 
IN T E R IO R - E X T E R IO R 
Locke Industries 653-4561 

B uying tote model •■cfrigerators, freezers needing repair. 341 1865 
A S P H A L T 
H O U SE C L E A N IN G 
Sand , G ra v e l, T o p s o il yards. Call 432-51o2.______ 
A rthur Painting Contractor. Int- 
Ext. Acoustic ceilings, 435-1348, 
Free Estim ates._________ ________ 
Cut-Trim -Haul Trees, Free Est. 
Jessie 432-7758, 432-8o76__________ 
T re e s cut and trim m ed . F re e 
Estimates. 534-3278 or 333 665? 

Specializing in Asphalt and Con- crete Drives, 681-o874 Anytim e! 
Buy, Sell, Trade, Repair 
5322 SA N P E D R O 
828-2327 
T o p so ii, G r a v e l, D e liv e r e d 
Spread, NW and N E, 434-11o4 
Im prove home, affordable prices 
Free est 924-9591 922-9196 
O ld oak ice box, co p p e r pot, knee-hole desk-made from Bird s eve m aple treadle se w in g m a chine, Singer treadle sewing mo- chine. 49? 1898________ 

T A P E S , 2oo-8 track, m ost like new, $2 eoch 735-2958____________ 
B IG G E Co Prof. House Painting 
- Repairs. Int 
E xt F R E E Est. 
Reasonable rotes. 733-7362._______ 
C A SH for your Used Piano 
224-7111 or 224-11o2 
655-4ooo 
TOP SO IL, SA N D 
G R A V E L , 
RO C K , 
H A U L 
A N Y T H IN G 
A S P H A L T -C O N C R E T E 
W O RK 
T e le visio n R C A C olor C on sole 
$15o Coll Before opm 434 /737 
IN S U L A T IO N 
Trees Trimm ed, Topped, Rem ove 
Stumps. Hauling 224-123? 
D IA M O N D S 
Williams, 227-87o2, 15o E.Houston 
D a ve 's House Painting Free es- timotes. Reasonable. 675-2534 
T O PSO IL. S A N D Y L O A M , SA N O 
W IL L D E L IV E R 923 7426 
Oven, cook top, Tappan; sink All 
$15o Old fireplace 226 8482 
Tent trailer, $25o 2318 W M a g nolio, 732-7186 after 5pm _________ 
T R E E W ork done, p rofessional s e rv ic e . 
P o w e r e q u ip m e n t. 
Stum ps rem oved, Insured, Fre e 
Est. 657-3166. 
____ 

U T IL IT IE S TOO H IG H ? Save now with fo am e d in place Insulation. 
R I? value 923-6261 anytime. 
C O N C R E T E , P a t io s , w a lk s, d riv e s , a d d itio n s, f r e e 
E stimates. 
Frank 
25yrs. exp. 
333-196o. 
_______________________ 

Int-Ext. Pain ting, taping, float, 
Acoustic Free Est. 923 7613. 
T o p so il, S a n d y L o a m , San d , 
Gravel, 
Drivew ay 
Material. 
922-8838__________________________ 

O V E R IOO sq ft of gold wool car pet, by appointment only. 
733 o6o6__________________ 
P ia n o F o r Sa le U p rig h t $4oo 
224-7111 or 735-o834______________ 

TH A T D O E S N ’T E A T ! 
C A L L J IM L IS T E R 
633-26oo or 633-o34o 

Painting-Rem odeling-Roofing 
226 748o________ 
F IN E S E A T S W IT H P A D D E D 
B A C K S A N D I N N E R S P R I N G 
S E A T S ID E A L F O R C H U R C H , 
SCHOOL. E T C 924-8771.__________ 

K IT C H E N C A B IN E T S 
C O N C R E T E W O RK, Asphalt and 
Rooting. Free Estim ates 337-6211 
T U T O R IN G 
& IN S T R U C T IO N S 
P a n e lin g . S h e e tro c k . T a p in g . 
Floating, A c o u s t ic painting. At 
Reasonable prices. 656-4475. 
E X C A V A T IO N 
S E R V IC E 
O Z U N A ’* A sp h a lt and P a v in g 
Sidew alks, patches, d rive w a ys, concrete slabs 
F R E E 
Est 
922-7o29 

How About a New K itch e n ? O r 
Refinish your present one! Free 
Estimates. 534-8846 Anytim e! 

P ic n ic T a b le s, N ew 6 x 3 o ", benches attached, never used, 
$3o 95 delivered. 337-3949 
____ 
F o r F u rn itu re and A p p lia n c e s 
Day; 653-5242 Night; 653 o491 or 
635-2235.__________________________ 

P E R E Z S, SO N S P A IN T IN G 
Inferior 
-Exterior. 
Free 
Est. 
433-o941._________ 
________ 
T R U C K E R S 
G E N E R A L S T O R E 
Head goods, sm okers accessories a n d c u sto m le a th e r g o o d s. 
W h o le sa le -re ta il 622 W H ild e- brand, 732 o671, Open 12-9 daily 

P ro b le m s with s c h o o l' M a t h ? 
Biology? Chem istry? call 927-4o94 for private tutor.________ 
S p e c ia liz in g in c o n c re te , d riv e w a y s, patios, sid e w a lk s. 
Day-night 
Free 
E st 
735-13o4 
732-7413.______________________ 

L A N D S C A P IN G 
Sa in t's Painting. Int-Ext. Paint- mg-Gen R epairs 654-o477 M orn 
Site Preparation, Lan d Clearing and other G e n e ra l E x c a v a tio n 
W ork. JO 45o-C T ra c k Loader, 
B a c k h o e a n d R ip p e r , D u m p 
Truck. 222-8591, O gy-Night! 

C B Base Station Joh nson M e s stinger 223, tube type. $15o Wol lensack cassette recorder, $5o 
532 31o6, 7 a rn to 4 p m _________ 

T V R E P A IR S - R E N T A L S 
Landscaping and Yardw ork, Call 
Anytim e! 226-777o or 675-o729 
S P E C IA L T Y 
Exterior 
Painting 
732-2632___________________________ 
U N L IM IT E D B U Y IN G 
Furniture, Antiques, Appliances 
____________ 734-9773__________ 
Truck tool boxes, cost $17o. sell tor $7o. 135 Newport, 655 6897 
S p e c ia liz in g in 
C o n c re le , 
D rive w a ys, patios, w alks, foun­ dations, etc. F R E E 
Estim ates. 
681 o 8 7 4 . _______________ 

Free Estim ates- 7 days. H onest low prices, work guar 924-o796 
W E H A V E P L E N T Y O F L IV E 
O A K 
T R E E S 
F O R 
S A L E . 
1-875-9o28 or 1-392-5361 ___________ 
(CB radio, Johnson 23 channel, 
(with antenna, $1oo P a n a s o n ic 
IA M F M dash radio, $4o F M ster- iPQ. 8-lroc radio. $4o 824 6548 
Central air conditioner and heat mg unit, complete G E brand Call latter 
4pm 
635-8564 
Anytim e wkends. 
________ 
_____ 

W A N T E D : P la y e r P ian o, need not be working. 681-o177 oft 5pm 
T u rq u o ise : m an s w atchband, lady’s bracelet Diam ond watch 
14 corot rings. 699-o824 ofter 5. 
P L U M B IN G 
PLO O R W A X IN G 
Y A R D W O R K 
W A N T E D 
W o r k in g o r N o n ­ w o rkin g refrigerators: 435-555o or 673 767o_____________________ __ 
W A N T TO B U Y old gasoline and oil a d ve rtisin g , old s ig n s, g a s pumps, globes, etc. 654-6879______ 

A M aster Plum ber R e p a irs and re m o d e lin g . 
C a ll 
R ic h a r d , 
732-5616 or 435-6669. 
__________ 

TV, portable black and white, 19’ working good, $35. 433-o63o. 
Strip-W ax Buff 
Jerry, 732 58o9 aft. 5pm 
Low prices-High Quality concrete work. Cal! M r. Concrete, 223-5667, 
223 S115.______________________ 
TV, $25. Radio, $4. Professional h a ir d ry e r, $2o N e e d s m in o r repair 
Jewelry and junk. 
532-196o. 
______________ 

Ben H um phrey’s Lawn Service. A complete yard care co. for all of 
San Antonio. 924-o51o.____________ 

DO YO U N E E D A P L U M B E R 
Reliable-Bonded 824-o791 
PUBLIC NOTICE ^ 

(ontractors for vacant lot cleaning may call 225-5661, Extension 392, by 2:oo P M May 18. 1977, to be placed on a list now being prepared by the Director of the Son Antonio 
Metropolitan Health District. This list will be available to all owners of va cant lots that need deaning. 
G.V. JACKSON, IR. 
City Clerk 
City of San Antonio 

2 recliner rockers, $5o Sofa, $1oo 
735-4597_______________________ 
F O U N D A T IO N S 
G a ra g e Sale, clo th e s, plants, other items. 1113 W. Rosewood. 
Cham pagne Beige GuNstan C a r­ pet 44 sa yds $2 5o per sq vd with pod, Light Gold Cornet 16 sa yds 
W h irp o o l Bath P o lle n u x w ith w a te r m a s s a g e a tta c h m e n ts brand new 826-7316_______ _____ 

J O. B A B B IT P L B G . A ll typ e repairs-rem odelinq. Lie-Bonded, 
Free Est. 344-7382 492-1245. 

We buy Furniture, Appliances 
Estates Antiques G lassw are etc 
C A B IN E T S 
Lawn Core: Reasonable, reliable and exp erien ced 
P ro fe ssio n a l work fre e est 648-3o9o__________ 

Reduced 12x16 heavy duty stq bldg terms, free del 732-5171 
Typew riter, IB M Selectric, 15’ 
Svce. contr avble. $35o 344-8o33 
G o s D r y e r 4 y r s old L a r g e 
Capacity. 
$1oo 
Good 
Cond. 
684-288o ________________________ 
Refrigerator, N o rge White $8o. 
Adm iral 19’ TV Color $125, Triple 
Dresser, Chest of Drawers. Queen 
Size Headboard $2oo 684 5329 

V arie ty of C a b in e ts ond w ood­ work Refs. available F R E E Est 
532-56o9 
______ 

K A H N P L U M B IN G CO R epairs 
R em od e lin g-N e w C o n stru ctio n 
Free Estim ates. 684 2138 

T Y P E W R IT E R S : v e r y go o d manual Royal 44o Portable Royal 
(m anual), less than I year old 
656-67o9__________________________ 

All types of foundation repairs. 
We specialize in leveling, cedar post, peer beam ond slob founda lion Call the experts. 824-2171. 

Gas Range 3 mo old spotless 2o’ oven and broiler $15o. 824-71o1 
LOT C L E A R IN G 
& C L E A N IN G 
C h e rry w o o d trip le d r e s s e r 
Hide-o-bed couch, $25 435-9248 
P L U M B E R , Reasonable, Instal lotion, 
F R E E 
Est. 
A. 
G arcia 
227-3oo5._______________________ 
G E 4o channel CB complete with antenna kit still in package 
654-o231________________ 

Refrigerator $65, Sofo $75, Black and White TV $5o, Turntable with 
2 speakers $5o. Typewriter man- uol needs repair $35. 922 9249 

C A R P E N T R Y 
U S E D R E F R IG E R A T O R S 
C E N T R A L S E R V IC E CO. 
7o7 W E ST A V E , 734-4237 

Chesapeake Bay dm inq set, but let, chino cabinet Avocado stove 
648 2692__________________ 
____ 
6S3 3714 anytime. 655-4634 eves. 
JO H N & R O W L A N D B A R N E S 
Licensed and Bonded B uyers 
A c re a g e , lots, y a r d s m ow ed cheap. Free estimates. 661-2676 
P lu m b in g R e p a irs re m o d e lin g additions Free Est. 434-4489 
A C arp e n te r: In N eed of Jobs from roofing to Foundations. No 
Job Too S m a ll! F re e Est. A ll 
Work Guaranteed. 927-5o24. 

Utility trailer, made with power waqon frame and pickup box, 
684-8o31___________________ 

C H IL D R E N S COTS. IOO used $9 each Metal frame with blue can 
VOS 227 o374 

Golf clubs! Proline irons, I ” over, stiff $75 341-6551 
_____ 
Bulldozing, Clearing, Root P!ow mg Any Size Job. 333-3788_______ 
R e frig e r a to r , s id e -b y -sid e avocado, 342 176o ofter spm 
We Buy Refrigerators 
734 4237, 7o7 West Ave. 
W E P A Y C A SH 
Fo r Good Used Furniture 

W e A n s w e r y o u r c a ll fa st! 
Se w e rs, le a k y fau ce ts, w a te r heaters any type repair or new installation. Texas Plum bing Co., 
Inc. 41o A Broad w ay. C all a n y ­ time. 826-9582. i 
I,,,,-,,. i 
...................... 
C O M P L E T E Y A R D W O R K 

P L O W I N G - B U L L D O Z I N G - 
3/ '° , 3o<S-------- 
F X C A U A T I N G 
® Y A R D W O R K , for Inform a- hon Coli Mr. Sanchez 432-3124. 
Law ns, Cut Trim m ed-Vacuum ed. 
Call Anytim e! 533-9635. 
________ 
Need y a rd s to mow, reasonable rates. 534-9814. 
R E M O D E L I N G 
Trees, Lawns, Hedges, Trim m ed 
P o in tin g a n d re m o d e lin g 
Beosonablc. 532-o742.. 
Specializing in room additions. 2o 
We D o All T yp e s of Y a rd w o rk . y e a r s e x p e rie n c e . 
F re e I Tree T rim m ing or Lite-Hauling. estimates. 532-3oo2.____________ 
633-o426, 635-8696. 
W E D O A L L T Y P E S O F Y a rd - 
! w ork and Lite Hauling. Call for 
R e a so n a b le p ric e s. C a ll A n v - 
1 hm e-Anyw here! 922-8661_________ 
, W E E D 
C U T T IN G , 
Lots oT 
Acreage 
T A. Andrew s 6S6 o527 
W ill do Y a rd w o rk . R e a so n a b le 
Prices. 648-3o28. ___________ 
Y A R D W O R K and Lan d scap ing, 
Coll anytime 226-777o or 675-o729 
Y a rd w o r k , to p so il, g r a v e l, deliver, spread, 434-11o4. 433-4215. 

All types foundation repairs. 3o yrs. experience. All w ork guar- anteed Call Anytim e. 534-411o 
Great Variety of Good Furniture! 
329 Breesport Out San Pedro to N 
Loop Rd. Left to N akom a Left on 
V a llia n t. 
T h u rs.5 -8 p m , 
Tues.S-8pm By Appoint. 824-6976 

Sm all tractor, custom mowing, lots, acreage. 82-4 .3813, 826 7652 
R efrigerator, 19 cu lt., side-bv side, H arvest gold, 5 mos old. Still in warranty $45o 341-3585 
2 Vette Wheels. Trim Too $45 I 
Com ero Rallys $9o 655-oo74 
A C O M P L E T E H O M E R E P A IR 
S E R V IC E . 684-497?_______________ 
All type$ ca rp e n try w ork A lso roofing, p ain tin g, s a tisfa c tio n guaranteed. No Job Too Small. 
656-5573._____________________ 

Clean and in top cond Oak Bul fett. Oak Rocker, Oak Commode, 
Maple Desk Dressing Table, An tique 
Rawhide 
Seat 
Chair, 
736 o223 
________________________ 

Video Tape Recorder with Lapse, 
2 cam eras, 2 monitors $18oo Call 
684-5239._________ _____________ 
Refrigerator, Westinghouse, 21 cu 
It., side-bv-side, with icem aker, 
Coppertone. $45o 824-622o________ 

M I L D E W R E M O V I N G 
416 Doloroso 
All Types Of Foundation repairs. 
Low prices, H igh Q uality work. 
Cai! Anytim e 
ABC C O N S T . ________ 333-4816 

H e rita g e h o u se c ro w n jew el china- crystal, 4 place setting of eo. never used. Still in box. gu ar­ antee 
Silver 
M oon pattern 
684 79o8 
_____ 

Guaranteed M ild ew R e m o vin g 
F R E E Demonstration. 826-4576. 
W A N T E D : C olor T V needing repair. M ust be cheop. 924-2846 
Refrigerator, large self-defrost­ ing, $5o W ashing machine, M av- tag. $65. 735-4597_____________ 

Clipper brick saw, like new cost 
S89S,- will sacrifice tor $4oo, apt 
Size re frig e ra to r *5o or m a k e offer. Fe lke r C eram ic Tile Saw 
SISO 735-4549 
___________________ 

A ll Types of Rem odeling, G u a r­ anteed 
W ork 
Lie 
349-1663 
Rodney. 
B A T H R O O M rep air, p an e lin g, general carpentry 924-3o51_______ 

W A N T E D low to the ground, light weight trailer to hoot m y garden tractor. 684-8o31.______________ 
T H E IR IS H M A N L E V E L IN G 
3o Y E A R S E X P E R IE N C E 
Note: Never Take the first price* 
333-9QS1 or________ 734-7511 

For That Good Piano 
That you are not using. Please coll Mr. Leon at 223-6151- 

C U S T O M G A R D E N P L O W IN G 
A N D T IL L IN G . C A L L 924-2117 
Regina rug sham pooer and floor polisher like new $25 661-3o14 
Hoover Upright Vaccum Cleaner, good cond 535 333-8717________ 
Wanted: W rought iron table and chairs for patio 696-3979 
Rem m m gton L H HOO, 12 gauge auto 
Rusty. 
After 
S:3o call 
732-2626__________________________ 
M U S I C - E N T E R T A I N M E N T 
W A N T TO B U Y used P ro d u ce 
Boxes. 342-3976 atter sp m ________ 
IO Salam ander H eaters; 2oo,ooo 
B T U , e x c e lle n t c o n d itio n . 
342-9743, 342-2395, 8 to 5__________ 
Sell no longer needed household items in the 

 ixpress-News 

M U SIC . Any Occasion 
Ben Sanchez, 922-o654, 925.4533 
W ater Lillie s-A q u atic Tub Gar- dens. 656-18oo 
____________ 
The H andym an Co. 517o Broad way. 828-8o5o. P a in tin g -ro o fin g 
Gen. Repairs.____________________ 

25" Color TV, 23" B W with stereo 
A M -F M record plover, B W 19". 
All in good working cond. 
<73-8666 
________________ 

A l Will Steam Clean or shampoo. 
Liv-din. room *22 5o, 9x12 loose rugs *1o.5o. 227-1986 225-83o3 
W estinghouse 18Cu.Ft. U p righ t 
Freezer Can Be seen from noon till 7pm. 419 F a rr D r _____________ 
W heelchair, com m ode, ro llin g walker with sept. 732-4126________ 
White-yellow, rod iron 7pc dining set *56o. Yellow Samsonite chaise lounge. Yellow rod iron arm chair 
*18.5o, 24x37 beveled m irror, *1o. 
White vinyl sofa *175. All in ex- cellent condition. 658-823o oft 4pm 

45 S and W acp, unfired, in box, 
*35o. 3o-o6 Saiko, m ade in F in ­ land, d eluxe with scope, *35o. 
658-1843 ofter 6pm. 
Sears vacuum cleaner, *25, sew- ing machine *35. TV *4o. 923-3395 

R O O F IN G 
U N IT E D C A R P E T S E R V IC E 
924-1o58 or 226-8246 
M U S IC L E S S O N S 
K in g siz e Bed, e x tro firm , still p a c ka g e d $148. com p lete w ith w id e r o lle r ste e l fra m e and d e live ry Biq b ra s s Q ueen size headboard 
*58. 
U sually home 
6 8 4 - 8 2 3 4 ______________________ 

H A U L IN G & M O V IN G 
Color TV, 23" E a rly Am erican, new picture tube $125 924 o796 
C la r k ’s R o o fin g 
R e m o d e lin g . 
Free Estim ates 824 1532 
Roofing and Painting. All w ork guaranteed. Free Bids. 333-7o16. 
T R I S T A T E R O O F IN G CO Sum ­ m e r S p e c ia l all m a te ria l a n d labor 54o. per Square. 433-3o21. 

P IA N O L E S SO N S , Oak Hills Ter race Area. Call 681-3996 tor Infor. 
25 
Color TV, I mo old. Excellent condition. Cost 555o 
Sell 535o 
828-858o 

A -i H a u lin g a n d m o v in g with pickup truck. A lso yard work 
673-5669.___________ 
________ 
B A B Y S IT T IN G 
C H IL D C A R E 
Self-cleaning elec. range for sale by owner, 5175. 657-1895__________ 
Settee, 2 cushion, like new condi­ tion. 19' Black-white TV. Livin g room chair. 2 wrought iron tables. 
922-545o _______________ 
S IN G E R 319 Zig-Zag in cabinet. 
Cost $319 95, Sell for $75. Sew s good Have 26 different patterns 
824-4879 

P A IN T IN G , P A P E R IN G 
P L A S T E R IN G 
K in gsize m attress and sp rin g s set, make offer. 655-84oo._________ 
C L E A N UP, H A U L IN G , Call Hor vey 225-2853, 225-9315. 
________ 
MERCHANDISE 
MART 
Call 

Color TV 25’ Zenith console, ex- cellent $15o Coll 923-1761________ 
1928 Columbia Victr&la with sm all record collection, 52oo Also 1974 
H am m on d Deluxe organ, $1ooo and assum e paym ents Both in excellent condition 695-3227 

Attention M others! Babysitter Ft. 
Sam Vicinity. 224-692o 
K in g size w afer bed, m attress, springs heater $1oo 342-4572 
H A U L IN G A N O D U M P IN G 
Have 21 .Ton Trucks. 533-1142. 
W oodfram e twin bed, vacu u m , bor stool, coffee table, shadow box, marble slab. 673-o659. 

15 yrs. exp on co m p o sitio n or gravel root, Ram irez, 342-781o Lie 
Licensed Childcare, *15 oo week 
Iv, Sunday-Fridov, drop ins wel come, 924-9385. 

A C O M P L E T E H O M E P A IN T IN G 
R E P A IR S E R V IC E . 684-4972 
C O L L E G E P A IN T E R S : sum m er em ploym ent. H ouse painting in­ side outside. Reasonable. Exper- tenced. Free estimates. 492-2932. 

Kingsley M onogram ing M achine with various Cops $275. 684-6761 
L a rg e couch with sw ive l ch air 
$115. Console Color Rem ote T V 
$17o 734-5911________ ____________ 

Lite M oving. D a y -N ig h t. T ra sh 
H a u lin g . S c r a p M e ta l h a u le d aw ay free. 923-4411. 
_______ 
Y a rd flower sole, potted canna fillies, m um s, sm all trees, 25c ond up. 344-6225 _____________ 

R e g ist e re d c h ild c o re in m y home, Glen area. 655-7619. 
SE W IN G -A L IT ERA T IO N S 
-T A IL O R IN G 
Wrecker Service 
Complete 7 piece living room, 8 place dining room 344-6861.______ 
Concrete foundation support all corgated iron, ready lo place on ground for 19x14' addition $8oo worth m ake ofter 927-6991 

Sofa, barrel! chair, china cabinet, cash only. <56-57o6. 
I Yr. old Hercuion plod sofa and loveseat $3oo. 633-2263. Oft 5 
B u y Old C a rs and W R E C K E R 
S E R V IC E , call Richard, 337-657o 
W E 
B U Y 
J U N K - W R E C K E D 
C A R S 
923-4411 

D E L IV E R Y S E R V IC E 
Lawnm ower, riding 24’ cut Shp excellent condition. Stop 684-3621 
D r e s s m a k in g and a lte ra tio n s done Reasonably. 533-7537. 
Wood Cabinet top. Bottom door*, 
23" Zenith color TV, needs A F T 
Double sink, dinette, pictures 1o29 I adlustm ent $125. 222 9824 after 
G A R R A T Y 828-8667 
| Spm. anyim e weekends 
Law nm ow er, S e a rs C ra ftsm a n 
$3o. Swing Set $2o 661-29o9 
1976 F O R D E L IT E , L o a d e d ! 
826-9565, 695-8o56 
D R E S S M A K IN G and O T H E R 
TH IN G S. 824-5758. 
SXPMSS-NEWS DOUBLE BONUS A 
• MERCHANDISE MART ADS ONLY 

I 
A 
A 
A 
229 -1 OOO 
QUICK RESULTS! 

NON COMMERCIAL! 
CANCELLABLE 
WITHOUT 
RATE CHANGE 
(CLASS 9 9 2 8 ONLY) 

2 LINES 

6 d a y s 

I 

MISS LILLIAN dispenses philosophy 
Plains’ 

 abortion — because it’s pro and con on that — is that I think a woman's body should be hers. I don’t believe in get­ ting pregnant and aborting and things like that, but I think that should be whatever 

 she desires. I believe in wo­ men having equal rights, and 
I think that’s one of them.” 
The house is set back about 
IOO feet from U.S. 28o. with a flat front yard and healthy, but not manicured, lawn. 

A one-story modest brick house with a porte-cochere on the left shading a blue four- door Caprice classic, with oaks on the sides and a gray poodle playing by the slight row of shrubbery in the front. 
The rocker is set in a small opening by the door of the house; a long line is waiting. A sign behind the rocker says 
“ Please Do Not Shake Hand.” 
The line edges along. An old man touches his hat and smiles a greeting. A little girl hands her a pad. “ Jim m y’s 
Mama.” she signs. The line gets shorter until there is no one left. 
“ Don’t trip on the front step, now,” she says as the last visitor takes leave. She opens the screen door, settles into the soft yellow-und-brown striped couch and motions toward the yellow chair. 

Lifestyle 
J 
The lady who has captured the imagination of America; the lady who at 68 entered the 
Peace Corps and journeyed to 
India to put her nursing training to good use; the lady who speaks her mind and en­ joys a chance to do it; the lady w ho — 
“ You hush’” 
What? 
“ Sit down, you are on my time now.” 
Ladies and gentlemen, Miss 
Lillian Carter: 
“ When people want to know w hat makes Jim m y tick, what influence 
I had on my 

T 
• 
' 
V - 
~ 
' 
- 
■ ■■■ 
■■ 
. 
. . . 
* 
\ 

J 

She's confident 

 and serene knowing 

 that our experts 

 have taken care of 

 every detail. 

Assisted in the 

 selection of 

 her gown, rings and 

 invitations. 

Plus, helping select 

 her veil and 

 attendants’ dresses. 

 lier china, silver 

 and crystal patterns 

THE FROST BRIDE ISI THE BEAUTIFUL BRIDE are recorded in 

 our Gift Registry. 

Everything 

 is perfection. 

Bridal Salon, 

IF or/of-lrate/er... church, club, civic w o ijie i^b ro w i^yi^ beauty 
Meet the Mayor’s Mom 

EXPR ESS>N EWS 
KSW S 

Sunday May 8 1977 

★ * Page 
I -E 

VELMA (MRS. OVID) JONES of Fort W orth with her daughter. 
M ayor Lila Cockrell, and granddaughters, Mrs. D. J. (Cathy Cock­ rell) Gorman and Lara Jones, at Cathy’s wedding 

The nation’s grand­ mother. Creamy white hair with a touch of steel. Dancing blue eyes in an impish face. Well­ worn lines and high cheekbones. A brown birthmark above her right jaw. 
Sturdy. Energetic. A demeanor not to be argued with; a free­ thinker who can speak her mind with a charm that beggars disagree­ ment. The president’s mother. 
“ I told him to quit that stuff about never telling lies and being a Christian and how he hives Ills wife more than the day he met her. There are some things you don’t have to go around saying.” 
Two-piece pantsuits in 
First of six parts 

 white or bright colors; sky blue; canary yellow ; maroon; and. of course, light, bright 
Carter green. 
“ I ’m an integrationist. 
Jimmy's father wasn’t. I try to be tolerant of everyone, even people from Alabama.” 
Cuss words now and then, when the bugs are eating the grass. Fishing for relaxation, and watching the squirrels scramble up and down the 
Georgia pines. 
“ Do I ever lie? Oh, yes. I couldn't live without it.” 
Small feet in dark blue canvas shoes, pushing the rocker back and forth, back and forth, as she talks. 
“ All I ’m going to say about 

...And the nation’s 
Grandmother 
BETFI TARTAN 

 and RUDY HAYES 

From the earliest days o f the presidential campaign. Jimmy 
Carter s mother. Miss Lillian. " captured the nation 's interest with her outgoing nature, outspokenness and refusal to retire from the active life. 
In this first of a six-part series from 'Miss Lillian and Friends: 
The Plains, Georgia, Family Philosphy and Recipe Book." she offers her opinions on a variety o f subjects and she describes the 
Carters' family life. 

 r By------------ 
MILDRED 
WHITEAKER 

EXPKCSS NEW S W OM EN S SOITO* 

If you attended Mayor 
Lila Cockrell’s victory party in the Menger Ho­ tel, you probably re­ member the stunning silver-haired woman wearing a colorful 
Hawaiian muu-muu. 
Two leis of orchids ar­ ound her neck drama­ tized the peaches ‘n cream complexion, a fa­ mily characteristic shared by her daughter and granddaughters. 
Purposely, she stayed in the background. “ That was Li­ la’s night,’’ says Velma (Mrs. 
Ovid) Jones of Fort Worth, the mayor's mother. “ I want­ ed to stand back and ob­ serve." 
But as person after person commented “ You must be proud of your daughter being mayor.” she smiled and gave the same answer; 
“ I ve ALWAYS been proud of her.” 
For Mayor Cockrell, that remark goes vice-versa. The mayor was much more excit­ ed about this Mother’s Day introduction of her mother than any story about herself. 
Velma Tompkins Jones is a woman in her mid 7os who looks like 6os — and has en­ ergy, enthusiasm, and a ra­ diance to be envied and ad­ mired by women half her age. 
» 
Traveler 
I have met her twice in San 
Antonio, but most of this in­ terview was done by tele­ phone to her apartment-com­ plex home in F'ort Worth. The voice is lilting. Talking with her is a happy experience. 
She's a world traveler, a dedicated church, club and community worker, and a brown-eyed beauty. 
And she says, “ Like my daughter, I have to work at it to keep a trim figure. But at least. I don't have all those breakfasts, luncheons and dinners to attend!” 

MRS. OVID JONES, the M a y o r’s 
Mother 

She has her share. 
The day before our mayoral runoff, the prestigious ’93 Club of Fort Worth honored Mrs. 
Jones, the retiring president. with a Hawaiian tea. She wore the lovely party muu-muu. purchased when she and her late husband lived in Hawaii. 
The orchids she was wear­ ing in San Antonio were pre­ sented to her at the tea, part of the many exotic flowers flown in from the islands for the occasion. Three hundred per­ sons attended. 
Monday, she will entertain the club's 5o members with a luncheon and give her final president’s report for 1976-77. 
And later in the week, she’ll be installed as the new presi­ dent of Tri Psi sorority, tin' mothers’ group of Delta Delta 
Delta (to which Lila and daughters Cathv and Carol belong). Tri Psi helps with scholarships and other ser­ 

 vices for girls in seven universities in and near Fort- 
Worth. 
That s only a start on her activities. 
Last October, she was elected to the Central Texas 
Conference of the United 
Methodist Women and re­ cently returned from Cincin­ nati where new officers re­ ceived training for specific- work (hers is “ member­ ship” ). In June, she will go to 
Mt. Sequoyah in Fayetteville, 
Ark., and in Ju ly to South­ western University, George­ town. for more training. 
Methodism 

"Alter years of experience and these training schools, I am expected to present infor­ mative and — hopefully — inspirational programs throughout the Central Texas area of Methodism. This alone keeps me very busy,’’ she says. 

She serves on the Central 
Texas Board of Global Min­ istries for the Methodist 
Church, on the administrative board of her ow n First United 
Methodist Church in Fort 
Worth and is president of a circle of United Methodist 
Women. 
“ Our family life has always centered around the church.” she says. “ Lila has been in the church since she was on the Cradle Roll. 
“ Yes, she was raised a 
Methodist. 
Lila went into the 
Presbyterian 
Church when she and Sid married. 
That’s the way it should be. It isn’t the denomination that matters, but the love of the 
Lord and the endeavor to live by His teachings.” 
Hempstead 

Born in Harris County, Mrs. 
Jones grew up in Hempstead, 
5o miles northwest of Hous­ ton. She is the granddaughter of Arthur Clark Tompkins, a 
Hempstead lawyer and banker and member of the 
24th Texas State Legislature 
(1895). 
Her great-grandfather. 
Judge Henry Clay Tompkins, came to Texas from Alabama shortly after the Civil War. 
During World War I, Velma 
Tompkins attended CIA (Col­ lege of Industrial Arts) in 
Denton, now Texas Women’s 
University. She was engaged to m arry 
Robert 
Bruce 
Banks, a San Antonio lawyer and Infantry Captain, who was serving in France. 
They were married in San 
Antonio in 
1919 and established a home on West 
Craig Place in Beacon Hill. 
Lila was born two years later. “ A month before she was born, I decided to go stay with my mother in Fort 
Worth. We came right back afterward — but Lila missed being a native San Anton­ ian!” 
In 1923, the young husband and father died suddenly, and 
Velma and her daughter moved to Forest Hills, Long 
Island, N. Y., where her mother and stepfather were then living. 
Robert Bruce Banks was the brother of San Antonio attorney C. Stanley Banks. 
In New York, Velma en­ rolled in the Melissa Mills 

" * = * « * 
V 

EXPR ESS-N EW 5— Sunday M a y 8 I 9 77 
J/ * ‘ , 
When God 

' 
■ 
' 
•• v > 
' 
' 
/ r' 
4 
, r ' i f 
■ 
TA 
I f . : created mothers 

 ft hen the good Lord teas creating mothers He was into His sixth day o f overtime" when the angel appeared and said, 'You're doing a lot of fiddling around on this one.' 
And the Lord said, Have you read the specs on this order?" 
She has to be completely washable, but not plastic; 
Have 18o moveable parts ... all replaceable; 
Hun on black coffee and leftovers; 
Have a lap that disappears when she stands up; 
A kiss that can cure anything from a broken leg to a disap­ pointed love affair; 
And six pairs o f hands; 
The angel shook her head slowly and said, "Six pairs o f hands ... no way." 
"It's not the hands that are causing me p r o b l e m s It s the three pairs o f eyes that mothers have to hate." 
"That s on the standard model?" asked the angel. 
I he Lord nodded. "One pair that sees through closed doors when she asks, 'What are you kids doing in there?' when she already knows. Another here in the back o f her head that sees what she shouldn 't but what she has to know, and o f course the ones here in front that can look at a child when he goofs up and say, I understand and I love You' without so much as uttering a word. " 
"Lord, " said the angel, touching His sleeve gently, "(ionic to bed. Tomorrow ... " 
I can't," said the Lord, "I'm so close to creating something so close to myself. Already J have one who heals herself when she is sick ... can feed a fam ily o f six on one pound o f hamburger ... and can get a nine-year-old to stand under a shower. " 
The angel circled the model o f a mother very slowly. "It s too soft," she sighed. 
"But tough!" said the Lord excitedly. "You cannot imagine what this mother can do or endure. " 
"Can it think?" 
7Vo/ only think, but it can reason and compromise," said the 
Creator. 
Finally, the angel bent over and ran her finger across the cheek. 
There's a leak," she pronounced. "I told You You w ere trying to put too much into this model." 
It s not a leak, said the Lord, "it s a tear." 
IT ha t 's it for?" 
It s for joy, sadness, disappointment, pain, loneliness arui pride." 
You are a genius,"' said the angel. 
The Lord looked somber. "I didn t put it there. " 

Erma Hornbeck 

Vow can order reprint* o f Emma Hornbeck * popular Mother * D a y column — printed on parchment and suitable for framing. Sen d 7 5 cent* to Emma B om b ed , c?o S a n Antonio Express-N ew *, B o * 2 1 7 1 , San Antonio, Tex. 7 8 2 9 7 . 
Oink Henry, the list! 

When I tried to fit a sheet of Bounce in­ to the Mr. Coffee filter cup yesterday m orning, I knew I was destined for a day of disaster! Then 
I dumped three coffee scoops of Nes­ tles Quik into the coffee-maker! 
“ You do these dumb things all the tim e ,’’ 
Hubby complained over his hot chocolate. “ Re­ m em ber when you put that carton of ice cream into the oven — and the sack of meat in the hall 

 m mm 

 closet?” 
“ You just don’t think about what you are do­ ing,” he continued. 
H e’s right! I tend to think about all the things 
I have to get done instead of concentrating on what 
I'm doing. 

I never worried about my one-track mind until I lost the car keys and missed a dental appoint­ ment. I found them that evening next to the milk in . the refrig erato r. 
T h a t’s when I started making lists. 
R eader’s Digest said years ago that one should list all worries on paper. 
Then, one separates the problems she can solve from those over which she has no control. This imm ediately gives the list-maker fewer worries, a better attitude and a clearer mind. 
I make three lists: To- 
Do, To-Go, To-Buy. After 

PUT YOUR FURS IM A SAFE PLACE 

FROSrS FUR STORAGE 

 pouring my son s orange juice over his morning bowl of cereal yesterday, 
I started my lists. 
To Do: Address enve­ lopes. Bake brownies for 
L ittle League. Spray roses. Etc. . .. 
To 
Buy: 
Stam ps. 
Brownie mix. 
Rose spray. Etc. . . . 
To Go: Post office. 
Grocery store. Nursery. 
Etc. . .. 
Game plan 
Within the hour, I was ready to begin eliminat­ ing listings. I addressed and stuffed envelopes with letters, checks, notes and stubs. Then, I went to the post office, bought stam ps and mailed the letters. 
T hat was sim ple e n ­ ough, I thought as I cranked up the car. 
I reached for my list — my roadmap for the day 
— my account of control­ lable concerns. It was gone! 
I mailed my list to the 
City Water Board! Or 
S ears... or Southwestern 
B ell. . . or my m other... or . . . 
If you receive mail this week with a To-Do, To- 
Go, To-Buy list inside, please return it to me as soon as possible. 
Hubby says he’s “ had- i t “ with m orning hot chocolate brewed through a fabric softener filter. 
Garage wsale is planned 

The Women of St. 
F ra n c is 
Episcopal 
Church will hold a garage sale from 9 a.m. to 6 p.m. 
Thursday and Friday and from 9 a.m. till noon Sa­ tu rday on the church grounds. 
The church is at 4242 
Blum el 
Rd., behind 
US AA. 
Proceeds from the sale will be used for church improvements. 
Guild pla ns silver coffee 
St. Jude’s Guild of St. 
Pius Church will have a 
Silver Coffee at 1o:3o a.m. 
Wednesday iii the home of Mr. and Mrs. Joe R. 
Manion. 
Proceeds from the event will be used for a m em orial in the new church. 

S N O O Z IN ’ in the shade of a live oak tree is a favorite pasttim e for M iss Lillian 

Miss Lil lian 

 children, I tell them it was just a day-by-day in­ fluence. But I did tell my children one thing: Al­ ways do what you think is right, and don’t pay any attention to criticism .. . 
“ I’m a Christian, the way I see it. But I do a lot of things the ladies of the church think I shouldn’t do. 

A drink 

“ I smoke when I want to. I take a drink late in the evening; I used to do it with my husband be­ fore he died, and I still do. 
“ I am allergic to tran­ quilizers; I’m allergic to everything except my lit­ tle drink of bourbon. But there are just so many things that I do that long-faced, dyed-in-the- wool Christians do not do . . 
“ I tell you, here s a good way to sum it up. I go to church on Sunday, but I don’t think all churchgoers are Chris­ tians. I think there’s a difference between reli­ gion and Christianity.” 
Later, on Sept. 22, 1976, the day of the first debate between then-President 
Gerald Ford and Jimmy 
Carter: “ . . . I have four children, and they are all very fine children. Two of them are not as reli­ gious as the other two, but that doesn’t take away their value. 
“ They had a good home life, and lived with a mother and father daily who are m ore or less 
Christian people; and in those days they had no temptations. 

Church 

“ They had to go to school at 7:3o in the morning, come home at 
3:3o in the afternoon. 
They didn’t have a beer joint, they didn’t have anything to tempt them. 

” . . . There was noth­ ing to teach them bad habits, you might say; and so a child that grows up in that environment never picks up bad ha­ bits. They never knew 
'about drugs. I d id n ’t either. Can you under­ stand that? 

“ So much has been 

 m ade of religion. It wasn’t too much with us. 
We were Baptists, and we went to church. The church is the center of everything in a sm all town, even the entertain­ ment, and it was just more of a habit to go to church . . . 
“ As to being a widow, 
Go to get your job the m inute your husband dies and stay busy’ That is the only hope. I made so many talks about this. 
Since I went to India, I’ve made over HOO. I speak to retired people, and I make fun of them for re­ tiring at 62 if they’re in good health. 

A uburn 

“ I had to help with the business because I knew more about it than 
Jimmy did. Then I went to A uburn (U niversi­ ty ),and I was a house­ m other for seven and one-half years, and that got me over the hump. 
“ When I told my chil­ dren I was doing it, they thought it was horrible. I had never left Plains for anything. Jim m y said, 
‘Mother, if you do in — and you’ve got to go — I want you to have the prettiest car in Auburn.’ 

Mother 

“ And this sounds ridi­ culous, but he said, ‘I want you to take the money’ — they have to pay you something — it was $125 — ‘I want you to spend it all on the boys. I w ant you to be the mother of all those boys and let them come to you as a mother.’ 
“ He was telling me in a subtle sort of way to get over my husband’s death. 
It d id n ’t take me six m onths before I was completely acclimated. I have never ceased being lonely for him, but I’ve never been lonely for an­ yone else. 
. Ever since then, when I think I’m going to get in a rut or get old, som ething happens to boost me. I’m old but I’m young at heart, and I’m active. I had my eyes operated on, I’ve had ca­ taracts . . . And now this, 
Jimmy running for pre­ sident. I ’ll tell you, it isn’t easy.” 
Monday in the News: 
Miss Lillian, Matriarch. 

A M E R IC A ’S m ost fam o u s grandm other and son Jim m y adm ire a y o u n g m em ber of the Carter clan 

Cucumber recipe 

When you’re winding down from planning hea­ vier w inter meals, cu­ cumbers come to mind as som ething light and cooling to include in main dish salads, side dishes and snacks. 
And they’re a creative food that can be added to everything from cold soups to sandwiches. 
Send your favorite re­ cipe using cucum bers and enter the next San 
Antonio News food sec­ tion contest. 
Five dollars will go to the person entering the best cucumber recipe by mailing it to Food Editor, 
The News, Box 2171. San 
Antonio, Tex. 78297 be­ fore May 12. 

 contest 

W'rite your recipe on one side of a sheet of paper, tell why it is your favorite and sign your nam e, giving your ad ­ dress and daytime tele­ phone number. 

Only tested recipes are eligible, and only one entry from each contes­ tant will be considered. 

The winning recipe us­ ing cucum bers will be published May 26. Watch for the winning recipe using tomatoes on May 12 and the winning recipe for grilled meat on May 
19. 

Gorham Sterling: 

4o% OFF PLACE SETTING PIECES 
1/3 OFF SERVING PIECES 

Add to your set now, or put aside for giving later. Or both! 
Inquire about our Silver Club plan 
Free silver chest with purchase of 
32-piece service for 8. 
Som ething Beautiful for Everyone.® 

Hertzberg's 
Fine jewelers Since 1878 
%JP 
163 E. Houston Street I North Star Mall 
W indsor Park Mall 

Use one of Hertzberg's convenient charge pions or 
Am erican Express, BankAmericard, Master Charge 
Mail and Phone Inquiries Invited: (312) 226-9374 / 341-2566 / 654-123o 
Please add sales tax where applicable plus S2 for postage and handling. 

As happens in our city every other year. Game Conservation 
International (GameCoin) w ill hold the 
6th 
International 
Hunters’ and Fisherm en’s Con­ ference Sunday through Friday 
— with headquarters in the Con­ vention Center. Some 1,ooo visi­ tors are expeted. 
These are the men and women who favor the wildlife (not to be confused with -wild life” !). 
In keeping with tradition, the “ wil­ dest” part of the meeting will be the 
Monday night’s fashion show' in Villita 
Assembly Building — to be staged by 
Frost Bros, as a highlight of the con­ ference banquet. 
Titled “ Space Safari,” the show will rocket into the future and become an imaginary hunt on another planet. 
Jerry Quinlan, Frost’s fashion coor­ dinator, and Hugh McWilliams, display director, have dreamed up the futuris­ tic and abstract setting complete with m irrored moon m ountains, cubistic- crystal blocks and chrome and silver structures. Even snow elephants. 
Against this fantasy from another planet, m odels — with m akeup and coiffures from outer space — will par­ ade in fashions of today and tomorrow. 
Often they’ll participate in a ballet. 
M usic by San A ntonio’s “ Sm all 
World” will emphasize the eerie yet ultramodern mood. 
Designers 
Designer fashions for summer wear anywhere in this world — or another world! — and advance fall styles will be on the safari. Furs will also be fea­ tured. 
All furs will be from non-endangered species — just as the confeence itself is dedicated to wildlife conservation. 

Among designer fashions to be shown, along with F ro st’s futuristic acces­ sories, are those from Halston. Geoffrey 
Beene, Oscar de la Renta, Bill Blass, 
Yves Saint Laurent, Givenchy, Turnbull and Asser, and Oxxford. 
Exotic hunts 

The evening will begin with cocktails at 7 and continue with dinner at 8 and the fashion show at 9. 
Just before the show, GameCoin will present an auction of hunts in five exotic locales. At the intermission and finale, brief auctions will be held of wildlife bronzes and paintings. 
Says Bob Holleron, executive director of the conference: “ These auctions are for the benefit of the great conservation 

A g ain st this fa n ta s y from another planet, mo­ dels 
— with makeup and coiffures from outer space 

— will parade in fashions o f today and tomorrow. 

 work being done throughout the world by Gam eCoin, and they are m ade possible by the donation of paintings and sculptures by the artists and gal­ leries involved.” 
Holleron and Jax Poteet, member of the executive conference com m ittee, have been working on the Wildlife Art 
Show and Sale sponsored by GameCoin. 
The art show will be held in the 
Convention Center and will be open to the public from 2 to 9 p.m. Wednesday. 
Admission is $2 (no cameras, please!). 
Some art will be available for purchase. 

Among the renowned painters and sculptors whose work will be shown are 
Bob Kuhn and Terry Mathews of Kenya; 
Kim Brooks, E ngland; Vie G em s, 
South Africa; and Robert Glen, Simon 
Combes, Veryl Goodnight, Bob Wolf, 
P eter Corbin, Jack Putnam , H arry 
Antis and Tom and Doris Tischler. 
The five-day conference will bring a number of eminent wildlife authorities to San Antonio as speakers and pane­ lists. 
Boutiques 

As always, a welcome feature of the international meet — particularly for the women — will be the boutiques set up in the Convention Center. 
Among the social events will be 
Thursday’s cocktail party, buffet and art auction at 7 p.m. titled “ A Night 
South of the Border.” 

Thursday afternoon’s program will include presentation on art by Bob 
Kuhn, sculpture by Veryl Goodnight, and fram ing by Alfred King of The 
Sportsmen’s Edge, a wildlife gallery in 
New York. 
Registration begins at IO a.m. Sun­ day in the Convention Center, where the conference’s Hook ’n Ballet Bar will be open from I to 6 p.m. 

P resid en t of Gam eCoin is H arry 
Tennison. 
Members of the executive conference com m ittee are: David Black, Chuck 
E nnis, R ugeley Ferguson. G arn er 
E’uller, J.C. Gordon, Tim Hixon, Bob 
Holleron, Glen Hummel Jr., Claude 
Ivey and Claude Light 111. 
Also Thomas A. M artin, Jam es C. 
Midcap, Robert Miller, William Neg­ ley, Carl Newton III, Jax Poteet, Ri­ chard Sm ith, Stan Studer, and Phil 
Williamson. 

IHE EUROPEAN ATTITUDE 

 in soft dressing, here, in two utterly elegant pieces from our exclusive Bernard Perris Collections. the top, softly blouson, the skirt, smocked at the waist, both edged in scallop embroidery, pure silk crepe de chine in orange and green, import boutique, downtown only. 

FROST BROS. 

C A N D Y and Francine are set to blast off into a futuristic fash ion w orld d u r i n g F r o s t ’s S p a c e S a f a r i ’ f o r G a m e C o i n p h o t o « r pat Ha m p t o n 

Style 

Big gam e hunters from around the world will set out on a “ Space 
Safari’’ in San Antonio Monday night. to rocket into future 

Son Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday Moy 8 1977 

This w e e k ’s date b ook 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday May 8 I 977 e tames a 

- B y ------------------ 
EVE LYNN SAWYER 

New Orleans residents Ann and 
Simon Mexic will be in town at the same time. The two ladies are artists to be honored at a cocktail showing at Odyssey Galleries from 
7:3o to 9:3o p.m. Thursday. 
Each is giving a painting to the 
Southwest Foundation Forum for 

 no rush. Life in the United States is too fast with every one trying to keep his head above water. 
“ In Puerto Vallarta. I swim for 35 minutes in our pool every morning before breakfast. I work from IO a m. to 2 p.m. every day. Then, we have lunch, and I play tennis and attend yoga classes. 
“ We have guests in each evening or attend a dinner party. It’s hard to improve on that. I don’t know where 
I could find it anyplace else.” 

Columbus 

Columbus, Tex., is planning to entertain many, many visitors begin­ ning Friday. The Stafford Opera 
House, built in 1886, will be the site for the showing of “ Oklahoma” by the Stafford Opera House Players. 
The musical will be held at 8:3o p.m. Friday, Saturday, May 15, 21 and 22. The Opera House is being restored by Magnolia Homes Tour, 
Inc., which purchased the building. 
The homes’ tour will be held May 
21-22 and will include visits inside the 1836 Alley log cabin, Raumonda, the Senftonberg-Brandon House, the 
Hopkins and the Steiner-Westfall houses. 
A number of kindred events are planned during the homes’ tour. 
The Columbus Live Oak Arts and 
Crafts Show will be held in the courthouse square. An Antique 
Show and Sale will be held in the 
American Legion Hall. 
Buggy and surrey rides will be available to tour the shady streets of the town. The Confederate Memor­ ial Museum operated by the United 
Daughters of the Confederacy in the brick water tower will be open. 

Meals 

Meals will be served in the 
Sidewalk Cafe and Beer Garden, including home-made ice cream, kolaches, sausage on a stick, and on 
May 21, a traditional German sup­ per will be served on gingham-co­ vered tables under the magnolia trees. 
The Magnolia Belles, high school seniors, will wear antebellum cos­ tumes and serve as hostesses on the square and in the various homes. 
Banjo music will be heard on the square, and there will be demon­ strations of weaving, spinning and pottery throwing. 
Magnolia Tours is also offering a 

Evelyne Boren, now of 
Puerto Vallarta, came to San 
Antonio to see what it was like before she and her husband, 
Michael Sadlier, return for the upcoming long weekend. 

 its black tie Gala at 7 p.m. Saturday on the grounds of the Lutcher 
Center. 
We met the Mexics last year when 
-j they were here for the same rea­ sons, but only recently became ac­ quainted with Evelyne. Her work in watercolors and the’ reproduction of her pictures by hand-weaving is only one of many careers she has pursued. 
Undoubtedly, Evelyne made the biggest splash as an underwater stunt swimmer and as the first woman to ride a killer whale. Al! 
'of that was shown in the movie, 
“ Namu, the Killer Whale.” 
Evelyne happened to be on the scene when this killer whale was captured by accident. “ He was in water 42 degrees. I went in the water to swim with him, and was so excit­ ed I didn’t feel cold. I tried to get on the whale, and he put his flipper to the side and lifted me up. 
“ He gave me a fantastic ride. 
Then I slid off and got on his tail. He lifted me up gently. I had a salmon in my hand. I dived down and he came down and I fed him. It was all captured in the film. I would have never forgiven myself if I hadn’t done it.” 
Munich 

Evelyne began this part of her career as a Red Cross lifesaver in 
Munich, Germany, her birthplace. 
From there she went to California* and then did the underwater stunt scenes in “ Sea Hunt” “ Thunder- bali” , “ You Only Live Twice” and other James Bond movies on loca­ tion in the 
Bahamas. 
In one movie she rode a huge logger­ head turtle. Her television credits include “ Aquanauts” and “ F lip ­ per.” 
Eventually, that palled, and Eve­ lyne began making paintings between her film shots. On a paint­ ing holiday in Puerto Vallarta, she met Michael Sadlier and decided w ithin 48 hours he was the man she was going to marry. 
That was in 1972. When the same art tour returned to Puerto Vallarta 
[ a year later, the artists were sur­ prised to find Evelyne was still 
I (here. 
“ Ifs so peaceful and the people 
I are so charming and kind. There’s 

Jf/JftflMlrl f t 
-gill 

53o3 BROADWAY 

MONDAY 
IO a.m. SAN ANTONIO 
UNIT, 
National 
Associa­ tion of Parliamentarians, in the A lam o Savin g s A s­ sociation Building. Mrs. L. 
D. Connolly will install of­ ficers. Mrs. Rufus D. Bell w ill present 
"D id 
We 
Learn.” 
Noon 
A C A D E M Y 
O F 
H E A L T H S C IE N C E S , in the Bright Shaw!. New of­ fice rs w ill be in stalled. 
Sponsors will be the Com­ bat 
D evelopm ent and 
Health 
Care 
Studies 
Division. 
1 p.m . C H A P T E R B X , 
PEO , in the home of Mrs. 
Sam C. Montgomery. Mrs. 
Fred M. Sholders will pre­ sent a program on "State 
Convention." 
2 p.m. G IBBO N S L IT E R ­ 
A RY C LU B, in the home of 
M rs. Ja m e s K. Lo w ery. 
The Rev. Jam es Conwav will speak. Cohostesses will be Mmes. G arner Moise, 
Ben Morris, Edna Pavelka and 
Miss 
Dorothy 
Ron- ayne. 
6 p m . 
P R E C E P T O R 
G A M M A G A M M A , 
Beta 
Sigma Phi, in the Sunrise 
Nursing Home. R efresh ­ ments will be served to the patients. A meeting will follow in the home of Mrs. 
Jim Beasley to install of­ ficers. 
7 p.m. B E T A LA M BD A 
C H A P T E R , Epsilon Sigma 
Alpha, in “ My Place" Res­ taurant. New officers will be installed by B a rb a ra 
Buel. A Je w e l Pin c e r­ emony for Jean Roberts will be held. 
7:3o p.m. A LPH A NU P l 
C H A P T E R , 
Beta Sigma 
Phi, in the home of Mrs. 
M ario M azzurana. Lu cy 
Huizar will present a pro­ gram titled, ‘ History." 
7:3o p.m. ETA OMICRON 
C H A P T E R , 
Beta Sigm a 
Phi, in the home of Mrs. 
Charles Hutchison. 
7:3o p.m. 
M U 
E T A 
C H A P T E R , 
Beta Sigma 
Phi, in the home of Mrs. 
G ary Newman. M r s. Jim 
P a rk e r w ill present 
"Government — History.” 
7:3o p.m. N O R TH W EST 
E V E N IN G G R O U P , 
La 
Leche League, in the home of Mrs. David Bamberger. 
Conducting the four part series will be Mrs. David 
Owen. 
7:3o p.m. P R E C E P T O R 
A L P H A 
K A P P A 
C H A P T E R , 
Beta Sigma 
Phi, in the home of Mrs. 
Ben Sweet who will also present the program. 
7:3o p.m. P R E C E P T O R 
PH I C H A PT ER , 
Beta Sig­ ma Ph i, in the home of 
Mrs. Alvin Doege. Mrs. C. 
H. Sowle will present the program. 
7:3o p.m. X I A LPH A PSI 
C H A P T E R , 
Beta Sigm a 
Phi, in the home of Mrs. 
Debbie 
M onroe. 
K ay 
Bo g ard w ill present 
‘‘Religious Movements." 
7:3o p.m. X I RHO NU 
C H A P T E R , 
Beta Sigma 
Phi; will meet in the home of Mrs. Morgan Beck. Mrs. 
John McClure will present 
"Modern World: Religious 
Movement." 
I 
T U ESD A Y 
IO a.m. C H A P T E R E U , 
PE O , a coffee and busi­ ness meeting in the home of Mrs. R. Wells and Mrs. 
A. Schiappacasse and Mrs. 
W. 
R. 
Fields as cohostesses. 
T U ESD A Y 
1o:3o a m . 
H E A L T H 
S E R V IC E S 
C O M M A N D 

W O M EN ’S C LU B, fn the 
Ft. Sam Houston Officer's 
Club. Officers will be in­ stalled. A skit en titled, 
"The Basic Black D ress" will be presented. 
Noon W O M AN S A U X ­ 
IL IA R Y TO THE B E X A R 
C O U N T Y P H A R M A C E U ­ 
TIC AL ASSOCIATION, in the Royal Street Crossing 
R esta u ran t. 
M rs. 
Jo h n 
M istician will be hostess chairman. New officers will be elected. Program will be by the Country Junction nursery. 
2:3o p.m. P H ILO M A T H ^ 
C LU B, in the home of Mrs. 
Jo h n 
C. 
K iibron, w ith 
Mmes. G. R. Meador and 
W. Falbot Foster as cohos­ tesses. Officers will be in­ stalled. Plans will be made for the annual Spring Party for husbands and guests in the home of Mr. and Mrs. 
E. M. Carson in Comfort. 
6:3o p.m. AN AC AC HO 
C H A P T E R , 
N ational 
Secretaries Association, in the Villa Espanola Room, 
In te rn atio n al 
A irp o rt. 
Social period begins at 6 p.m. Mrs. Micke Jinks will install officers. 
6:3o p.m . 
T E J AS 
C H A PT ER , 
American Bu­ siness W om en’s A ssocia­ tion, in E a rl Abel’s R es­ tau ran t. Sister M a rg re t 
Patrice Slattery president of Incarnate Word College, will speak. Marie Schreiner will be vocational speaker. 
7 p.m. W O M E N ’S A G ­ 
LOW FE L LO W SH IP , 
San 
Antonio Night Chapter, in 
W yatt's Cafeteria between 
B ro a d w a y and 
N acog­ doches off Loop 41o. Bey 
A llen w ill speak. 
The m eeting w ill also be a tribute to Mother's Day. 
7:3o p.m. A L P H A E P ­ 
SILO N C H A P T E R , 
Beta 
Sigma Phi, in the home of 
Mrs. Al Sizemore who will 
'also present the program. 
7:3o p.m. NORTH C E N ­ 
T R A L EV E N IN G G RO U P, 
La Leche League, in the home of Mrs. Robert Wolf- shohi. Mrs. Malcolm Cros- land will conduct the dis­ cussion. 
7:3o p.m. 
O M IC R O N 
C H A P T E R , 
Phi 
E ta 
So ro rity, in St. Anthony 
Hotel. After a dutch treat dinner in the Madrid room at 6 p.m. M rs. W a lte r 
C urry will present “ The 
H isto ry of 
Hum m el 
Figures." 
7:3o p.m. X I Pl GAMM A 
C H A P T E R , 
Beta Sigm a 
Phi, in the home of Betty 
Plum . P ro a ram will, be 
"Rest and 
Relaxation: 
Sports, A Fun Way To Do 
It." 
W ED N ESD A Y 
IO a m . 
A C T IO N : 
A M ER IC A N R E P U B L IC A N 
W O M EN, in the Southwest 
Craft Center. Betty John ­ son will speak on public education. Lunch will fol­ low in the Copper Kitchen. 

2:3o p.m. W O O D LA W N 
A G E N D A C L U B , in the home of Mrs. William Ju d ­ son. O fficers w ill be in­ stalled. 
6:3o p.m. TH ET A B E T A 
C H A P T E R , 
Delta Kappa 
Gam m a, in the Northern 
Hills Country Club. New members will be installed and Founder's Day will be observed. Hostess c h a ir­ men will include LaNeile 
Kearney, 
Helen 
Whitis, - 
Winfred English, Jeanette 
Atkinson, Lillian Adamcik, 
Barbara Beckam and Betty 
Bexten. 

SANDALLING and 
TANTALIZING h - 
» ;!§ > * 

FOR A LIMITED TIME ONLY 
From April 24th through May 28th 
Just 3 from our large selection of opened up-exciting-slenderizing-sandals 

 b o ric « 
♦ While • Bone 
• Black PalenI 
*26 

You have 
3o days to save 

 bf* rte 

• White • Bone 
• Black Patent 

*2 3 
SSg>r>v on 4-Piece 
& 
Place Settings of 

ROYAL DOU LTON 
English Fine China you'll cherish forever! 

Now this beautiful, world famed English china tan be yours for one third less than open stock prices. And there's more to it than beauty— RoyafDoulton guarantees to replace any piece that chips, cracks or breaks in two years of normal home use. This is a very special chance to choose the pattern you love and for the next 3o days pay as little as $15.oo to $18.oo for a 4-piece place setting (dinner plate, salad, tup and saucer). 
Elegant yet dishwasher proof. Don't wait. 

Rhyme 
* White • Bone 
• Black Patent 

NEW ACCOUNTS INVITED 

NEVER ANY INTEREST OR CARRYING CHARGES 

Monday-Saturday 1o:oo a.m. to 5:3o p.m. 

 rom BOOSE 
Consulting For Fine Estates 

 v ^ and Estate Items. 
L/ x jjf/f 
2o15 iV. Main Ave. 
735-9297 
A M IQI ES. / VC. 

• McC relets Plaza P JG M) • Jefferson Village 
• Central Park • Sooth Park M ail 
• McCrelets Village * Windsor Park Mali 
223 E. HOUSTON ST 
226 8387 

Frank Bros. 

 to see N. 
Y. fashions 

NEW YORK — At some of the big fall fashion openings this past week, the clothes seemed almost incidental. 
The first burning question was whether one would be able to get in the door. The second was whether one would get out alive. 

“ I don’t understand it,” said Stuart 
Kreissel, who runs the Ralph Lauren business. “ We sell to IOO stores and we have 1,ooo people here.” 
The crowd taxed the Hotel Biltmore ballroom, where the show was held. 
It’s roomier than most places. 
At John Anthony’s showroom, the freight elevators deposited people in the back while the regular elevators discharged their hordes in the front and a jam developed in the middle so no one could move. 
Calvin Klein avoided a sim ilar jam in his showroom after it was filled by simply locking the elevator doors so no one else could enter. 
The th ree w ere am ong the best collections being shown, so those who m anaged to push their way in and secu re a se a t, or a wall to lean against, felt honored. 

BERNADINE MORRIS 

NEW YORK TIMES MEWS SERVICE 

Under his cozy coats, his m anne­ quins wore “ body sw eaters’’ and boots. The body sweaters are closely clinging knitted one-piece styles that give a smooth line from bosom to feet. 
Sometimes they’re glimpsed under button-front Ultrasuede dresses or skirts. 
Halston raised and wrapped the waistlines of some jersey day dresses, added capes to others. 
Pretty soon, he drifted into his evening forte, chiffon dresses thdt drifted gently over the body. A var­ iant was the chiffon tunic over pants. 
Either way, the message was untra- glamor. 
Sophisticated 

H A LSTO N team s red body stock­ ing? red hoots? black taffeta gow n 
Our carpets will floor you. 

We’ve piles of carpet 
(surprised?) and the best like Lees, 
Berven, Karastan, and many others to wriggle your toes in. Plus sound carpet decorating advice from our 
Ane staff of professional decorators. 
You simply can’t beat the combination for home or office. 
Com e and see soon. 

DIANNE FLACK 
INTERIORS • SAN ANTONIO 

932*5 WURZBACH AT BLUEMEL /696-1791 
BANKAMERIC ARD. MASTER CHARGE. REVOLVING CHARGE 
M ON TUE. WED &. FRI. 1o-6; THURS 1o-8: SAT. IQS. 

Once inside, they could indulge in another p o p u lar activity, people watching. 
At Lauren, an assiduous viewer could spot Diane Keaton, the actress, with Joel Schumacher, the screen­ writer, and Anthony and Berry Per­ kins, the actor and the photographer, with each other. 
At Calvin Klein, there was a social corner, consisting of Nan Kempner, 
Jean Tailer and Pat Buckley, all of whom seem ed to be with Jerom e 
Zipkin. 
The audience at Elinor Brenner’s show could watch Joan Mondale in her red Brenner suit taking notes, flanked by friends from Washington. 
Ellen Proxm ire, in a rose-colored 
Brenner, was on her right, Dorothy 
Miekler on her left. 
The three had discovered Brenner years ago when they wanted identical d re sse s fo r “ W ashington W hirl- 
Around,” their business that plans conferences, tours and visitors pro­ gram s. Mrs. Mondale said she was esp ecially in terested in evening clothes “ because you need so many in 
Washington.” 
Klein and Anthony both started out as coat and suit designers. Then Klein veered into sportswear while Anthony moved to more formal attire. The line of demarcation still stands, but it is blurring. 
Together, they make clothes of a m ost am azin g sim p licity th a t complement rather than negate each other’s viewpoint. The clothes are so fluid they seem seamless. 
Halston 
Ifs a mode Halston began investi­ gating some years ago. Indeed, ifs one of the reasons for his success. 

S ta rtin g w ith sports clothes and ending with evening dresses, the de­ signers represent A m er­ ican fashion at its most sophisticated. 

While th ere is some overlapping, strength is in the more casual vein. 
Halston was excited about the coats in what he called Super-Shearing. 
With fake fur on the inside, fake leather on the outside, they’re his successor to Ultrasuede. 
He’s not sure they could go in the washing m achine, but “ think how warm they’ll be in a cold w inter,” he said, proving that even the most lofty designers have their pragmatic side. 

But starting with sports clothes and ending with evening dresses, the de­ signers represent American fashion 
,at its most sophisticated. 
Their fall collections add strength to the position of the New York school, 

C alvin Klein avoid­ ed a ja m in his sh ow ­ room by sim ply locking the elevator doors so no one else could enter. 

 which is different from the Paris, 
Milan or London schools. 
In time, New York may become as paramount in fashion as it is in art. 
Take a pair of gray flannel pants. 
Add a white linen blouse with the tiniest of scallops around the edges. 
Throw on a thick-knit cardigan and slip into a vicuna-colored overcoat. 
That’s the essence of the Calvin Klein look for fail. 
Oh, there are variants. Squared-off jacket instead of cardigan sweater, satin blouse instead of handkerchief linen. Foulard print dirndl skirt in­ stead of pants. 
Substitute a velvet jacket and satin pants at night, or a long satin dress cut like one of the blouses but ex­ tended to the floor. 
The formula is simple, so simple. 
The clothes are casual, but so refined they’re at the point where sportswear turns into something else. Ifs a col­ lection with a decided point of view. 
Chances are, a lot of women will accept Klein as a guide. 
Lauren 

The Ralph Lauren look is not as concentrated, but ifs almost as easy to detect. 

For fall, there are w aist-length jackets, shaker-knit sw eaters, Nor­ folk coats. 

There are knitted dresses worn over shirts with tiny ruffles at the cuffs and collar, and classic tweed jackets worn over shirts with a lot of ruffles. 

Roomy raincoats or overcoats of perhaps a fur sable suggested — provide the top layer, and everything is m eticulously tailored. I f s the rugged look, with class. 

John Anthony adds a glittering blouse to a tailored worsted suit with a herringbone pattern and a belt made of bronze beads. 

He p a irs tu n ic-len g th m o h air sweaters with satin pants for evening and shows bloused sweaters for day, over silk shirts and easy skirts. One of the easy skirts is pleated into ripples at the hem but fits smoothly over the hips. 

But these are m ere details. The basic message of his collection is that clothes are fluid and never clutch the body. That’s what gives it the con­ temporary spirit. 

TR O U SERS? fu r-lin e d co a t are am ong Calvin Klein signatures 
K L E IN 'S p a tte rn e d sk irt, b o x y jacket, high collar w ith bow 
Summer style prelude set at Shawl 

“ Sum m ertim e P relu d e” will be the them e of W ednesday’s luncheon show in the B right 
Shawl Tearoom. 
Fashions for the noon event will be presented by the Harris Shop for Pappagallo and the H arris 
Shop for Pendleton and will range from the newest w arm -w eather sportswear to evening attire. 

Jerom e K. Harris Jr. will com­ mentate. 
M odels w ill include M ines. 
R ees O liver, Joe E h re sm a n , 
Larry O’Neill, W illiam Jeffers, 
K enneth B entley and Ja m e s 
Chote. 
Hairstyles will be by W allace 
Beauty Salon. 
Clothing and other item s are 

 already being collected for the annual Junior League Rummage 
Sale Oct. 8-1o in the Convention 
Center. Fashions from the Rum­ m age Sale will he m odeled by 
Mines. W illiam C othren, John 
Lope and Reagan Houston IV. 
Luncheon h o stesses w ill be 
Mrs. Jim m ie V. Thurm ond Jr. and Mrs. William Richard Davis. 

The Sundress on Parade 

Greet the warm weather days of Summer in this cool and com­ fortable sundress by 
Parade. 
Available in a cotton / Avril ’ floral print in neutral tones. 
Sizes 6 - 1 4 . . . 5 o .o o . 

 have to get in 

San Antonio EXP R E SS-N E W S— Sunday M ay 8 I 9 7 7 

INVESTMENT COURSE 

Conducted by FRANK TINNEY, President? R. I. Stewart & Co. inc. 

The course consists of 4 sessions. The first will include a frank discussion of today's economy? prices? interest rates and the current investment outlook. 

Later sessions will include taxable and tax-exempt bonds? tax-deferred annuities? stocks, funds? and a discussion on how to make an investment plan to fit your own situation. 

Content will be simple? candid and without sales solicitation. Each class will include time for questions. The price is a $5 donation (per family) to any charity. 

W HEN: 
WHERE: 

Beauty begins with a smile 
When you step out­ doors these spring m ornings, do you feel all’s right with the world? 
P la n ts are budding, leafy trees sway in the breeze, little window boxes and whole fields have a carpet of fragrant blossoms. 
Surely you sm ile, if just to yourself, at this largesse of nature. 
It is said th at a wo­ m an’s sm ile brightens the atm osphere at every season. Indeed we are ch arm ed by a w arm , friendly smile. 
Soften 

And how a good-na­ tured sm ile does soften our difficulties and dif­ ferences, on the bus or in the ballroom. 

Yet some girls and wo­ men won’t even smile at a good joke — even when ifs on you. 

One wonders whether a tig h t-lip p ed lady is as fo rb id d in g as she ap ­ pears. She may not be. 
B eauty ex p erts have found that smiles are of­ ten withheld because of 

— By------------------------ 
MARY SUE 
MILLER 

 doubts about attractive­ ness. 

Som etim es, for in ­ sta n c e , a m outh is so small that it smirks when it is stretch ed into a sm ile. Or the upper lip may be so short that a sm ilin g expression ex­ poses gum m argins. All such quirks, of course, dam pen the d e sire to smile, and the lips clamp shut. 

What a pity, when the mobility and reach of the lips can be improved. Ifs done by the long, diligent p ra c tic e of these ro u ­ tines: 

I. Clench up p er lip between teeth and say, 
“ Moo.” 2. Holding upper lip with teeth, g rin as broadly as possible. 3. 
Hold lower lip in teeth and curl upper lip toward on nose. 4. Repeat each part IO times, very slowly I and deliberately. 

Your smile-abilily just naturally increases. Your winsomeness, too! 

ILL STEWART & CO. INC. 
514o Broadway 
San Antonio, Toxos 782o9 

O n A lam o P laza— Central Park M all 

W in d so r Park M all 

8:15 P.M. on 
Thursday? M a y 12 
Tuesday? M a y 17 
Thursday? M a y 19 
Tuesday, M a y 24 

514o Broadway, 2 blocks 
North of the Broadway Theatre 

Please call 
MISS UNDY 
828-1221 

RESERVATIONS 
ARE NECESSARY 

 eA It hough African ch ief tans, maharajas and Beautiful People browse and buy from the show­ rooms at Garrard, the firm does not restrict itself to the rich and famous. 

 travel golden path 

(Editor's note: I tm editorial is a departure from my weekly words on "Carpet 
C^are,” As I reminisce my past and anticipate this com ing Mother's Day, my memories of her seem to blur all else.) 
On M other’s Day, A Son Retniiii.Hees 
W hy is it that so often a child fails to realize all that his mother ha> 
Ixen to him until it is too late to let her know? W hy is it that, to a mother, her future dies "lien her child dies; yet to a child, too often his past dies when his mother dies? 
We fail to realize how early, and to what a degree, a mother's hearing begins to perform. Her first act of ministering sacrifice and care for her infant is to enter, Is if were.the valley of the shadow of death, aud gain its very life at the danger o f losing her own. Tell me, how different must a love so founded he from all others! 
On this day, I fail to find words meaningful enough to express the heroism, the power, the beauty and the majesty of a mother's love, lier faith never falters when man s courage cringes, lier stamina grows stronger where man faints, her very heart is man's schoolroom. 
C om pared to O thers 
Since God could not be everywhere, he therefore made mothers. I firmly believe that she is the greatest power in the world; in her office she holds the key to our very soul and stamps out the coin of character. 
A father may turn his back to his child; brothers and sisters may become hardened enemies; husbands may desert their wives, and wives their husbands. 
But a mother's love lives on through it all. 
Compared with what fathers do, anil are expected to do, the work of motherhood is infinitely more complex and demanding. A father spends his work day confined to some specialty. Whether he is in business or a profession, his main interests are dedicated to his job. W ithout interference, he con­ centrates and eventually becomes an expert. 
On the other hand, each mother has a countless variety of obligations to meet. In the sacred tune of life, the father sings a solo, whereas the mother must bi- able to sing so many more parts of the musical score. Today's mother must be devoted to her children and a loving wife to her husband. She must know how to cook, clean house, comfort and nurse. This is still not enough; she must lie a child psychologist, an educator, an econom ist, a civic worker, a church worker, a decorator and a devotee of the arts, f urthermore, she must be a counselor, an advisor, well read citizen, charming conversationalist, peace maker, a well dressed and attractive woman and a com plete complement that fills every need. 
W itb all this compassion, and wisdom aud patience and stamina, if we are to reform the world from its errors and vices, let us begin bv enlisting mothers. 
Iii T hankfulness 
Have you ever watehed little birds lake a sip of water and then look up to heaven as if to say: "Thank you, dear Lord?” Let us learn to bow our heads in respect to so many years of mother's care, then raise our eyes to heaven in thankfulness to Him for giving us her. lo those whose mothers are still living, hear this: Let this day make you even more conscious of her never-ending concern for you. As she retires to the winter of her life, he ever-mindful ol the' strength she exhausted in caring for so many. Certainly one son or daughter should be appreciative enough to care for her with compassion, with love, with reverence. 
May this M others Day fuse her soul into your body so that this oneness may live on now ami forevermore. 
INexl W eek 
W e w ill return to our discussion on: "How to detect salesmen's questionable guarantees.” Until then, think this over: "Virtues arc learned at mother's knee; vices are picked up at some other joint.” 

-----------------------------------------------Inquire A b o u t----------------------------------------------- 4 
• Important booklet on Carpet (.arc 

.• Phone, Write, or .Visit Ted ( U s re ut 
• IOO SanJPcd.ro • 227-738j, I 

Looking for a tasteful way to commorate the first mil­ lion you made in oil? 
Let G a rra rd , G oldsm iths & 
Crown Jewellers assist. 
You know, the London chaps appointed by Her M ajesty the 
Queen as sole guardians of the' 
Crown Jewels. 
L ast y e a r the 18th cen tu ry treasu re house, which has s e r­ viced the landed families of Eng­ land for the last 2oo years, hand tooled an 18-carat gold map of art oil-rich Middle Eastern country. 
The m ap, a gift from an oil company to the country’s rulers, was cut from the largest sheet of 
18-carat gold ever rolled in Lon­ don. 
White gold marked the nation's oil installations, and a sea of lapis lazuli foamed along the golden shore lines. 
Sorry, but G arrard never re ­ veals the nam es of its living clients. 
“ Name any foreign royalty and we’ve supplied something,” says 
G arrard sales director, John M. 
Davies. (Pronounced Davis.) 
Although African ch ieftans. 
Indian m aharajas and Beautiful 
People browse and buy from the showrooms at G arrard, the firm does not restrict itself only to the rich and famous. 
Quality 
“ Anyone who dem ands the quality and standard of service connected with a prestig ious name in the jewelry and silver world are welcom e,” says the 
Welsh-born executive. 
Texans are not a new market for G arrard; nevertheless Davies made his first visit here to extend a personal invitation. 
On his way to H ouston to discuss the possibility of bringing an exhibition to the metropolis, he stopped in San Antonio to have dinner with old friends, Mr. and 
Mrs. Ernest W. Clemens. 
Before coming to Texas he at­ tended the opening of the Arthur 
Gilbert Collections of Silver and 
Mosaic in the Los Angeles County 
Musuem of Art. Davies supplied pieces for both collections. Gil­ bert’s mosaics are considered to be second only to those in the 
Hermitage in Leningrad. 
T h e re ’s a bit of intan g ible magic when Davies talks about the rare jew els and exquisite craftsm anship Garrard demands. 
Even Davies feels the magic as he d e sc rib e s the n atu ral m aterials—stone and wood—used in creating some of history’s fin­ est collectibles owned by such dynam os as E lizabeth the I, 
Henry VHI and American tycoon 
J. Paul Getty. 

By NANCY 

* 
SCOTT JONES 

A w itty, urbane gentlem an, 
Davies began his career in valua­ bles in 1946 in India, traveling by car with a servant across the country to accomodate the needs of scattered maharajas. 
“ Everyone' needs possessions, collections,” he says. 
Adding unique objects to a custom er’s collections, turning fantasy into jeweled reality is a 
Garrard tradem ark. 
A Middle Eastern ruler com­ missioned Garrard to cast a silver statue of his favorite stud; J. Paul 
Getty ordered an 18-carat gold table service and a sultan ordered lifesize models of his falcons. 
“ That one required a great deal of observation at the London zoo,” laughs Garrard. 
O ther idiosyncratic com m is­ sions include a charm-size fig­ ure of a m an’s wife in the nude and a gem-studded gold pepper mill. 
How can you d escrib e the showrooms of G arrard’s at 112 
Regent Street? 
Modesty 

“ It’s Tiffany’s plus C artier’s,” 
Davies says with humble modes­ ty. 
In an age of fast food chains arid do-it-yourself services, persona­ lized attention and consultation are sta n d a rd s at. the London showrooms. 
Davies turns pale at the men­ tion of a quick sale or the image of a sales representative who lacks appreciation for a client’s back­ ground. 
“ It is the salesm an’s job to point out the pieces that have m erit, but price is never dis­ cussed,” he says. 
Suggestions at Garrard are ta­ ken seriously by their clients. 
“ Most clients respect our ad­ vice. There’s a great mystique about fine gems. They have a c e rta in glam our. 
Even the 
.wealthiest don’t buy these every day.” 
There are no lim its when it comes to serving a client. 
“ I’ve been with Arabs until after midnight, listening to the decline of the British Em pire,” 
Davies says with amused plea­ sure. 

He has hand carried a fantasy carousel by G arrard collage a r­ tist, William Tolliday, to the U.S., and treked across numerous pa­ lace grounds inspecting the snake temples of this sultan, the pigeon houses of that m aharaja. 
Royal Family 

And then there’s the service to the Royal Family. 
“ One’s relations with the palace are very delicate,” says Davies. 
All transactions with the monarch are confidential. 
Of course there are the legal leaks from Buckingham Palace. 
For exam ple P rincess Anne’s engagem ent ring is from G ar­ rard. 
“ There is a tiny stock of Welsh gold from which the Royal Fami­ ly’s wedding rings are made,” 
Davies says. 
G arrard has held the Crown’s appointm ent since 1843 when 
Queen Victoria gave the royal nod. Only one other jeweler, Run- dell and Bridge, has ever had the honor. 
Other jew elers receive Royal 
W arrants from the Queen, but 
G arrard is the only house respon­ sible for the preparation and maintenance of the Regalia and 
Crown Jewels worn at coronations and special state ceremonies. 
The Regalia, kept in the Tower of London, is an assortm ent of crowns, spectors and orbs, set with the precious gems of history, including the “ K oh-i-noor,” 
(Mountain of Light.) 
Found in the Mogul Emperors’ treasuries by Nadir Shah of Per­ sia, the 186-carat oval diamond was acquired in 185o by Queen 
Victoria, who had it re-cut to its present 1o8.83 shape. The stone is set in the crown made for the 
Queen Mother when she was crowned Queen Consort in 1937. 
The “ Crown Jew eller” of the 
Crown Jewellers is William Sum­ mers who works directly with the 
Royal Family. . 
Summers rides in a royal coach in the annual procession to the opening of P arliam ent and is present in the robing room when 
Queen Elizabeth dons the Imper­ ial State Crown. 
In honor of the Queen’s Silver 
Jubilee this year, G arrard’s com- merative edition of sterling silver features the Queen’s Beasts, IO hearaldic animals taken from the arm orials of the great dynastic houses. 
There’s no doubt about it. Style comes naturally at Garrard. Even the employes rate the comforts of home. 
All staff members eat daily on the premises and G arrard picks up the tab. rpi 
• 
? 
I 
• 
I his mouse is painful 

Dear Dr. Thoste- son: What are joint mice? — J.S. 
The jo in t m ice I ’m thinking of are related to a problem with a fancy m edical nam e — osteo­ c h o n d ritis d issecan s. 
They are tiny bits of loose bone and cartilage within a joint cavity, usually the knee. 
It is a problem fre ­ quently found in young­ sters near the end of pu­ berty, and in boys more 

 often than girls. T hat’s probably because injury can c o n trib u te to the problem , and boys are more athletically active at this time. 
It occurs at a time be­ fore bone grow th has stopped. For som e rea­ son, often from injury, the grow th process is disturbed, affecting bone 

 tissue on the inner su r­ face of the joint. 
Unless the blood supply is restored to the area, d e te rio ra tio n will pro­ gress and the deadened section may break off in­ to the cavity. 
Aching with the move­ m ent of the joint is a prim e sym ptom . If the 
“ joint m ouse” has not 

A couple of real cool companions . . . both wedged in rope on soft bouncy soles, both in natural or navy. 

The closed-in style $21 The sandal $19 

SIZES ARE OUR SPECIAL TYI ti 
M 
5-1o 
4-1o 

AND WE BELIEVE IN FIT! 

OPEN NIGHTLY UNTIL NINE 
NATURALIZED Shoes 

NORTH STAR MALL 
341-4o11 
W INDSOR PARK MALL 
655-4821 

 become detached, it can be removed surgically. 
In some cases where it has not become detached, a cast and rest will avoid the need for su rgery. 
Untreated it can develop into a nasty situation. 
X -rays will reveal the condition. 
Feet 
Dear Dr. Thosteson: 
Can synthetic hose m a­ terial cause one to have burning feet? 
I suspected this was true, so switched to cot­ ton m a te ria l, little in­ serts under the hose. My feet seemed to have im­ proved, and I lay it to the cotton. Have you heard of this? - Mrs. H.W. 
Yes, and not only from women. Whether it’s the m aterial itself or the lack of ventilation, I can’t say. 
In some it seems one and in others the other. 
I think one can safely say, though, th at the burning feet syndrom e has boom ed since the synthetics cam e along, and a switch is always worth trying. 
F o r those w ith foot trouble, my newest book­ let on “How to Take Care of Your F e e t” is now available. F or a copy, send a q u a rte r and a stam ped, self-addressed envelope to me care of this newspaper. 
Fat 

Dear Dr. Tiastesai: 
I ve been told that babies w ill stop e a tin g when they are full, so there’s no danger of overfeeding a baby. Your comment? — 
Mrs. I.J. 
Not true. Most infants feed until they feel “ full” and stop. But others may not 
As a baby grows older he will pretty much adapt to a routine, and if that is one of overfeeding he will usually ga along and become fat. 
T he w eight-height charts are the best mea­ sure of proper progress. 
Forget that tale. 

GARRADR’S John M. Davies 

Downtown Only 

5th Floor 

Entire 
Stock 
Reduced 

2o%5o%l 

INFANTS •TODDLERS 

{GIRLS 3 TO 6X • 7 TO 14 

DRESSES • SPORTWEAR 

SHORTS • PANTS • TOPS 

SWIMWEAR 

E^Ccuyos 

Create a new spring anil summer wardrobe while every fabric in 

 the dress and blouse weight section is reduced 1/3! The latest sol­ 

 ids, stripes and prints.. . perfect for dresses, blouses and tops. 

6 o -in c h k n its of ultra T polyester 

 in solids and stripes, single and dou­ 

 ble knits, interlocks, Qiana® nylon and 

 many more included in the group. 
R egular $1.99 to $1.99 

4 4 /4 5 and OU-incli woven* oi 

 cotton, polyester, polyester and cot­ 

 ton blends. Find Angel Skin® fabrics, 

 gauze, eyelet and many, many more, 

Not all fabrics iii all stores 
Lim ited quantities 

Apollo' broadcloth 
45-inch polyester and cotton available in prints and solids. 

All children's fabrics 
Choose from a great selection of children’s light and heavy­ weight fashion fabrics. 

All decorator fabrics 
Woven and quilted fabrics in­ cluding Molly Hobbie® polyest­ er and cotton blends for kids. 

Regular 
HHv to 
$5.79 
Now 

Regular 
77c to 
$4.99 
Now 

Limited quantities 
Not all fabrics in all stores 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday May 8 1 V / / 
 problem corner problem coff!## ♦ + ♦ problem corned ♦ * +>|pioblem corner ♦ 
Address her with love 
Pave recovery way 

, 
DEAR READERS: 
* Over the years 
I have had a recurring problem in my mail. 
It may strike you as being rather petty, but it is of sufficient impor­ tance to have cropped up regularly. And oddly en­ ough it’s a universal problem, found in letters from 
Ireland, 
Italy, 
South America and the 
Middle East! 
Because it concerns 
“ Mother,” I ve selected this letter to publish on the weekend of Mother’s 
- Day: 
DEAR ABBY. I am a newly m arried person 
V and I don’t know what to 
* call my mother-in-law. 
I can’t address her as 
^ 
‘Mrs. Smith’’ as I did wt.before I was married, f And addressing her as 
“ Molly’’ would seem presumptions and lack­ ing in respect. 
She has asked me to call her “ Mother,” hut my own mother is still living, and I would have great difficulty calling anyone except my own 
■ mother "Mother.” 
Can you help me? — 
STUMPED 
DEAR STUMPED: I 

S tii4l4*nt*> in t o r 
4**l4*il iii a p p ly in g 

I i i 
N ain l 
M a r y ’s 
H a ll fu r ailiiiiwMon iii 
(Iii- fa ll iif 
1 o 7 7 . u n - invifi-il 

I i i (alii- ailniiMMiun fl‘NlM im 
11*4- si-Ii o n I’* m m p u s . 
N aturita;*. 
M a y 
I I. Iii‘giii8iiii(£ at JI a .m . a m i r a il in g af m u m . 
Ti-Mliag. yy liii-li nti-OMiiri-M 
Mfinlmil aptilinfi* a n il ai-aili-niii- p r o - gri»M»*. is w p m 
In liny m an il girl* — araili-M 
I f liro iig ii 
7 . an il 
In girls, u n ly 
— grailrsi ti llir n n g li 
1 2 . Sunn* fin a n r ia l nill is a v a i l a b l e . 
Ail- 
>11114*4* ri*gis.i rat in n 
» n n l i l 
In* iippri*-. i-iafi*. 
K lciiiciilary 
S c h o o l or* 
OOO 

H i g h ^ i liiM il 
$5r»-772 I 
S a in t .M ary% H all ilni*s> n u t ilis>i*ri- ininali* n a tin* tin*!*, of rai'i*. imiI- iir. n a l in n a l n r i*llinii* n rig in . 

Saint Marys! kill 

Mi ) \ !T;SS< »K'fs 11< x ll, 
T I Ii: 1-1.1 .ii T I N I HMH. 
I I Ii; I T I ‘CK SCI ll >< ii. 

IMO I Starer!**.! 
(Iris i* 

S a n A n tn n in . 
T e x a s 7112 I 7 

 think I can provide a so­ lution to your problem, and to all others who share it, by publishing a letter from a reader who wrote to me some time ago: 
Solution 

DEAR ABBY: I would like to help all young m arrieds who find it difficult to address their mothers-in-law as 
“ Mother.” 
When I made my first visit to the doctor’s office after the birth of my first child, the nurse motioned to me and said, “ Mother, you are next.” 
I knew she wasn’t ad­ dressing me as HER mother. 
Suddenly I realized that she addressed all of us with children as 
“ Mother.” 
Immediately my vision was broadened, and I came to understand that 
“ Mother” applied to all women with children. 
That was the moment I was lifted out of the narrow rut of thinking that the title belonged only to mv own mother. 
I soon put this know­ ledge to practice. When I wanted to attract the at­ tention of friends, neigh­ bors or even strangers, I would say, “ Mother, watch your little one!” 
You’d be surprised how quickly they reacted, having been reminded that they were mothers. 
The title is rightly theirs, and it never interfered with the special meaning it held for my own dear mother. 
If we would all use the term freely, the next generation would learn from our example arid thus alleviate a sticky problem. - BIRMING­ 
HAM 

Flowers 

DEAR ABBY: What is the significance of wear­ ing a single carnation on 
Mother’s Day?— MIMI 
DEAR MIMI: 
A red carnation is worn to sig­ nify that one’s mother is living. And a white car­ nation signifies that one’s 

 mother is deceased. 

There should also be an identifying flower worn by those whose mothers chose motherhood by raising a foster child, adopting a child or rais­ ing a stepchild. 

And a special place in heaven awaits those mothers who chose an 
“ im perfect” child, knowing that physically or mentally handicapped children require not only special needs, but also a superabundance of love, understanding and pa­ tience. 

Behavior 

DEAR ABBY: What do you think of a father who takes showers and baths with his 
8-year-old daughter? 

He and the g irl’s mother are divorced, and he has custody of the girl. 
(The mother wanted her, but the court decided in favor of the father.) 

The girl is large for her age, has reached the stage of curiosity about her own body and has very little modesty. She adores her father and likes to cuddle up with him and kiss him while watching television. 

He has two bedrooms in his apartment, but I know this child crawls into his bed at night. 

Am I concerned for no good reason? And at w hat age do children outgrow such behavior? There is no communication between the parents. — 
JUST WONDERING 

DEAR JUST: The child is much too old for the intimacies you describe. 
C uddling is fine, but showering and bathing together, and sharing one bed are out! 

If the mother can prove that the above allegations are indeed true, she could go to court and possibly gain custody of the child. 

Dear 
Dr. 
Men- ninger, 
I know you are aw are of Reco­ very, Inc., because in our bi-monthly m agazine, 
“ Re­ porter,” it was men­ tioned that you had written about our or­ ganization. 
I am asking that you write about it again, be­ cause May is Mental 
Health Month; and we would like to reach as many people as possible at that time. 
You might mention that Recovery, Inc., can be used as a preventa­ tive, if persons will only seek help as soon as they are aware of any signs of anxiety, nervousness, de­ pression, or just not be­ ing able to cope with everyday living. 
More professionals are referring patients to us, because they realize peo­ ple cannot afford too much expense with treatment. So they work together with us. Also, the community mental health centers refer pa­ tients to us. 
Of course, the afte r­ care is so important after illness, to help people get back into the family and community. And that is one of our major activities. 
Thank you. Sincerely, 
Mrs. Ellen Somerville, 
Director of Public Rela­ tions 
Recovery, Inc., New 
Orleans, La., area. 
Thank you, Mrs. So­ merville, for calling my attention to this year’s 
Menial Health Month — 
May. 
Awareness 
My father, the late Dr. 
William C. Menninger, used to travel extensively about the country and speak to groups of citi­ zens about problems re­ lated to mental health. 
One of his frequent ad­ dresses was “ Mental 
Health, Everybody’s Bu­ siness.” 
He was invited to speak on that topic to the legis­ latures or legislators as­ sembled in nearly half of these United States . He sought to increase their awareness of the impor­ tant responsibility of 
Remember mom 

Dear Ann Landers: 
Many years ago you printed a letter on Mother’s Day. It touched my heart like no other letter I have ever read. 
I clipped that column and carried it in my wallet. It’s time for a rerun. The column is 

 today 

 barely readable — and those who do not re­ member it should have a chance to read it again. 
My thanks in advance, 
Ann, for all the people you get back on the track when they wander. For example — me. A De­ troit Faithful 
Dear Faithful: Happy to oblige. 
Dear Ann Landers: 

Spring separates to mix and match . 
. in red. white and navy, 1oo% polyester sizes 8-18 
. . 
Specially Priced From 8.9o to 24.9o. 
Regular price was 14 OO to 34 OO 
Misses Sportswear 

O S fa rSCode 

Yesterday was the sad­ dest day of my life. I buried my mother. As I looked at her lovely, kind face, for the very last time, many thoughts crossed my mind. 
I recalled the times I meant to give her a phone call and ask if there was anything she needed. I seldom got ar­ ound to it. 
I recalled the evenings when our sitter folded out at the last minute and we had theater tickets so we 
“drafted” Mom to sit. 
She never once said she had other plans although 
I’m sure she must have had. On those occasions I always promised myself one day we’d buy an ex­ tra ticket and take Mom along, but we never did. 
I recalled the day I ran into Mom in the bakery. 
Her winter coat looked shabby and worn. I thought, “Gee, I’ve got to take Mom downtown and buy her a new coat,.” But 
I was too busy. 
I recalled her last birthday. We sent an azalea plant but couldn’t get over to see her. The 
East-West football game was on that afternoon and the boss was giving a party that night. 
1 
I recalled the last time 
I saw Mom alive. It was my cousin’s wedding. 
She looked so old. I told myself, “ I must send 
Mom to Florida to visit her brother arid get a lit­ tle sun.” But I never got around to buying the ticket. 
If only I could turn the 
.clock back, Ann. I’d buy 
Mom that coat, take her to the theater, spend every birthday with her and send her any place she wanted to go. 
But it’s too late and I am heartsick. Please print this letter. Maybe if 
I had seen one like it I would have done things differently. — Grieving 
Sen 
Dear Sen: Here’s your letter — and on a most appropriate day. 

INSIGHTS 

 state governments toward the mentally ill in public mental hospitals and mental health clin­ ics. 
One of his major points was that mental illness is not restricted to some small, unfortunate popu­ lation who are forced to seek help in a hospital setting. 
Actually, that number is not so small, for roughly IO per cent of the population will have to be hospitalized at some time or another during their life for treatment of emo­ tional problems. 

Just as we all have colds and sore throats and upset stomachs, so we also have periods of depression and discour­ agement, days when we get out of bed on the wrong side, times when we blow our top and lose control. 
Of course, you don’t have to seek professional help to deal with most of your emotional upsets._ 
You should be alert, however, to those times when the emotional upset may hang on longer than usual or when it begins to significantly disrupt your 

 relationships at work or in the family. 
Often people hide from themselves the degree to which they are not get­ ting along with others as well as they should. 
Hopefully, you can accept it when your friends or loved ones tell you you need help. 
Pride goeth before a fall. To deny the need for assistance when you are having trouble keeping your life in order is only likely to make for more difficult problems later. 
When you sense that your emotions are con­ trolling you rather than you controlling your emotions, you should seek help from a counse­ lor, clergym an, or mental health profes­ sional. Or from an or­ ganization like Recovery, 
Inc., which is an associa­ tion of nervous and former mental patients. 

Coming 

A RTI QU ES LTD. 

A showing of investment jewelry. 
This exquisite estate jewelry is valued in excess of 
$ 1,ooo,ooo.oo 

Shote dates are: 
Thursday, 26 May 
Friday, 27 May 
Saturday, 28 May 
From IO a,rn. till 5 p.m. 

ARTIQUESLTD. 
2o15 N.E. Loop 41o, at Los Patios 
Son Antonio, Texas 7H217 
1— 5 1 2 — 6 5 5 - 3 6 1 o 

Sears 

 w 

Our entire stock of ( dress a nd blouse weight) fabrics 

 rn 

7 day* only 

\ 

- 

Ask about Sears Credit Flans 
Available in our Fabric D ebarm ent 

/'A 
' 
■ 
/ 
/ 
' 
{JC 
W 

Sal«‘ prices in effect thru May l(»th 
Sears 

SKAH.S, KOKKO! K AND CO. 
Where America shops 
Downtown Plaza Store 
Soledad at Navarro 
Mein. and Thurs. 9:3o-9 

Satisfaction Guaranteed or Your Money Back 
All other day* 9 :3o -6 

Military Drive Store at Pleasanton Rd. 
Mon. thru Sat. 
9:3o-9 

Central Park Store 
San Pedro at Loop I IO 
Mon. thru Hut. 
9:3o-9 

Nothing’s sleeker > than a maillot. 
Especially with a shirred bra and low back in bright 
V-stripes. Choose your favorite color 

Another volunteer, 
Clayton 
Garvey, 75, gives his service as a transportation volunteer for 
Chandler Senior Center. 
“When my wife died Oct. 27 last year, I was lost and needed to keep busy and didn’t really know what I could do. 
“I read a story in the morning 
Express saying that drivers were needed to transport people to doctors and hospitals. 
“I called the Voluntary Action 
Center, like the story said, and they put me in touch with Mary 
Beth Grimes with the Chandler 
Senior Center.” 
He keeps a little notebook of those he has chauffeured to var­ ious appointments. Agencies keep records of the service hours given by each volunteer. 
“These people in my book have become friends,” Garvey says, 
"they depend on me and make me feel needed. 
“ I’ve taken Leslie Beasley three days a week for physical therapy and his sister, Mrs. Mary Hamil­ ton, to the doctor several times. 
“ Mrs. Madge Raybourne had fallen out of a wheelchair and I helped her go for all kinds of treatments. Some days it would take as long as six hours. 
Carl Keeler from Morningside 
Manor is also picked up by volun­ teer Garvey for medical appoint­ ments. And another gentleman, 
Harold Hockey, was helped before his death, by Garvey. 
“Some of the people I pick up say they feel indebted to me, but they don’t realize they’re also doing me a favor. Everyone needs to have important things to do.” 
Need 
Mary Beth Grimes, volunteer director of the Chandler Senior 
Center, says, “ People like Mr. 
Garvey are filling a need that is almost impossible to purchase. 
Anyone who would like to help in this area can reach me at the 
Morningside Manor or call the 
Voluntary Action Center.” 
The Voluntary Action Center is an agency of the United Way. It acts as a clearing house and 

 coordinates efforts between non­ profit agencies and organizations who have a need for volunteer services. 
“Often someone finds time on their hands or wants to make time in their life to help others,” Ann 
Ridder, director of VAC says. “A call to us can give them a choice of volunteer services in the sec­ tion of town most convenient to them. 
“ Recently, many of our volun­ teers are the busy people. 
Mothers of three to five children, 

/ was lost and needed to keep busy. Everyone needs to have important things to do.' — (Jayton 
Garvey 

 career people, married couples and active teen-agers find volun­ teering so satisfying that they are juggling their schedules to fit in a few hours.” 
Som etim es an organization may call, like the Trinity sorority who wanted to do something to­ gether to help those less fortunate than themselves. An elderly West 
Side man gave a prayerful Thank 
You’ when he found his home cleaned and painted by 3o young volunteers. 
Olympics 

VAC’s biggest project each year is the Special Olympics. Before the rain postDoned the event o35 volunteers had signed up. Over 
4oo actually worked when it was rescheduled. Some groups, such as the MacArthur Anchor Club, couldn’t help on the newly set date, so they sent a contribution. 
The Swine Flu Immunization project also drew a large number of volunteers. 
“There is always a need for teenagers, adults and senior citi­ zens,” Ann says, "People who can teach crafts or entertain are needed, as well as those who can visit or take a wheelchair patient out for fresh air. 
“I guess our greatest need, or the hardest to fill service, is that of individual transportation. 
“But, there’s hardly a skill or a smile we can’t use someplace. 
And if you’re bilingual, there are many places you can help. if you don’t need to put ail your hours into earning a paycheck — try working for nothing except love, appreciation and the feeling of being needed. You’ll love it. 

ABOUT YOURaVEDDING 

 ire you getting married soon? re are guidelines and deadlines sending information to the press and News. l picture of the bride will be dished in thumbnail size free of trge. Engraving fees for larger tures (engagement or wedding 
/ou may have both) will be de­ mined by size of picture de- 
?d. here is no charge for stories hout photos. 
/edding pictures and copy st be in tho Express-News of­ 

 fice at least one week before the wedding date. A black and white glossy photo is required. 
Wedding forms must be signed and must contain a daytime tele­ phone number for the person sub­ mitting the story. 
Engagem ent announcem ents must be published at least six weeks before the wedding date, therefore they must be submitted at least seven weeks ahead of the wedding date. 
Wedding stories are not accept­ ed after the wedding. 

Randolph Wives Chih plans brunch 

Randolph 
O fficers’ 
Wives’ Club will hold a brunch Tuesday in Ran­ dolph Officers’ Club. 

Social hour will be at 
1o:3o a.m., followed by brunch at 11:15. 
Women of the 12th 
Wing’s Maintenance and 
Recourses groups will be hostesses. Mrs. Robert 
Keating and Mrs. Daniel 
Baumgartner are chair­ men of the event. 
Assistants are Mmes. 
Robert Pritchard, Gre­ gory Marshall and Garv 
Ball. 
Greeting guests will be: 
Mmes. Jerry Jum per. 
Larry Nohrenberg, Nor­ ris Garrett, Francis Sci- 

 pies and Robert Smith. sion, will be the guest 
Col. Charles Duke, speaker, former astronaut who pi- 
The 1977-78 executive loted the lunar module on board of the club will be the Apollo 16 space mis- installed. 

La Creme de la (Verne 

O lm o s T o w e r 
834+-oo61 

-rn i« 3 T re a su re * ay 
C ll e lic it wu-ouo 

 rn 
-m 
. 
H O M ,N. New B raunfels 
K o v a l iv e o rg c 

 show n by appointm ent only. 

Luxury apartments by Brandade Properties. 

We know a man wants his ring to be an impressive move. These certainly are! 

 a. 3 Diamonds, 14 karat gold, $53o. b. 15-Diamond horseshoe, 14 karat gold, $325 c. Solitaire diam ond ring, 14 karat gold, $15o. 

Open a Zales account or use one of five national credit plans 

Zales Revolving Charge • Zales Custom Charge • BankAmericard 
Master Charge • American Express • Diners Club • Carte Blanche • Layaway 

• 4oo E. HOUSTON f j p gy a ma 
M H P jj B H l 
* NORTH STAR M A IL 
• 116t. HOUSTON 
“ g f 
A k 
I * 
B r y 
•PERRIN PLAZA 

Shop Downtown j f l W 
WSmmm 
• UNIVERSAL CITY 
Thurs. E venings 
J D 
H l N r T 
' A 
H 
H 
M 
H i l l V 
• LA FERIA CENTER m l p s ; _ „ 
J Q . . , r o 
* WALNUT SQUARE 
• W INDSOR PARK 
I h e D id 111o1X 1 b lO F C 
N ew B rau n fels, ti. 

P ark Free W ith Purchase D ow n tow n illustrations enlarged 
VALORIE GARDNER is surrounded by lo ve of M f. Zion D ay Care 
C LA Y TO N G A R V E Y , 75, g ives M a ry Ham ilton students p h o t o by ta r k y t a r s ik e s hand of friendship at end of trsp p h o t o b y n o n j o n e s 
A "deposit’ of love draws dividends 

McCreless • Northwest • South Park • Windsor Park • Terrell Plaza • Downtown 

* J977 JCPenney C o . Inc. 

Sea stripes sea brights! 
One way or another, you’ll show up in the swim. 

No bank in town will ac­ cept their pay for deposit, because volunteers don’t get paid in cash. But you won’t find them striking for higher wages — love and appreciation are all they need. (And it’s tax free.) 
Since National Volunteer Week just ended, we asked local volun­ teers why they worked for no paycheck — only a “Thank You.” 
And we found out why. 
Mrs. Valdrie Gardner volun­ teers two days a week at the Mt. 
Zion Day Care Center and Kin­ dergarten. The three year olds in 
“ Her” classroom crowd around her to hug and welcome her when she arrives. 
“ My husband, W illiam, had retired from the Air Force and my children were married or in college and I decided I didn’t need to work anymore. 
“After three months at home, the house was sparkling and I was bored. I saw a TV advertise- 

W henever anyone tells me Thank You for help­ ing. I always say Thank 
YOU for letting me.' — 
Valdrie Gardner 

 ment about helping others, and then noticed an article in the newspaper about the Voluntary 
Action Center. 
“ Help was needed in a rest home and in this Day Care Center in my area. Since I had work and volunteer experience with chil­ dren before, I decided on Mt. 
Zion. 
“I love children and I’m happy to be around them again. When­ ever anyone tells me ‘Thank You’ for helping, I always say ‘Thank 
YOU’ for letting me. The chil­ dren need me and I need them.” 
Loving 

Mt. Zion Center is owned by Mt. 
Zion Baptist Church and operates on city, state and federal funds. 
Children are mainly from parents on welfare who are taking job training, going to school or work­ ing. The 17-year-old center has 43 active pre-schoolers. Many come from one-parent homes and can use all the extra loving they can get. 
Beverly 
Armstrong, head teacher, says, “Our budget will only stretch so far and volunteers like Mrs. Gardner allow that child who needs special attention to have it. The regular teacher can go on, with the whole class while the volunteer takes time with the individual child to comfort, help or just give his ego a little boost. 
“We have other volunteers who help with clerical work, construc­ tion, meals and other areas — and each one is worth a million dol­ lars. We have our first male teacher, Comido Smith, who the children worship. So if men want to volunteer, we can use them, too.” 
Also helping the ll staff members are six work-study stu­ dents from St. Philip’s College. 
JCPenney 

 combinations. 
Nylon/Lycra spandex; 
7/8-13/14. $j 7 

(Romans Skop 

U mII fin J I mvma Cava 
# 
* 
Half and Large Size fashions 

NO MAIN AVE. / NORTH STAR M A L L / MILITARY OH PLAZA / W ONDERLAND 

Als** iii C o rp u s I .’b r isti arni H ou ston 

We at The Woman’s Shop wish to extend our very hest wishes to you on this day. May it he a day of love and happiness. 

^ e thank you for your friendliness and confidence. 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday May 8 1977 
Page * 9-E 

Learning to live with pain 

JOPenney 

McCreless • Northwest • South Park • Windsor Park • Terrell Plaza • Downtown 

 will have its first an- 

 players who go on playing with broken bones and torn lig a m e n ts are examples of how circum­ stances affect one’s abili­ ty to withstand pain. . 
Dr. Hendeles also ex­ plained that sw im m ers who were attacked by sharks and survived did not remember experienc­ ing pain at the time. 
“ They were busy fight­ ing off sharks and mak­ ing their escape." 
Experience 

The sensation of feeling pain is more than actual dam age to tissue. It in­ clu d es everything you have learned from life, 
Dr. Hendeles said. 
The program of pain management practiced at the local clinic with which Dr. Hendeles is associated is aim ed at reducing non-beneficial behavior developed by the patient and his family and helping the patient reach positive goals. 
She said everyone who e x p e rie n ce s constant pain is not a su itab le candidate for the clinic. 
The clinic accepts only those who have some use of their limbs and who will not benefit from further medical or surgi­ cal treatment. 
At a recent meeting of the South Central Texas 
Chapter of The Arthritis 
Fou n d ation , 
Dr. 
H endeles said m any a rth r itic s can benefit from this program. 
She also stressed that the program is not easy. 
“ To achieve successful results, the patient and his family must exert a great determ ination to learn." 
M onday in the E x ­ press: Controlling pain 

P A IN sp ecialist 
O r. 
F rie d a 
Hendeles 
Art League slates party 

Sari Antonio Art League will have a cocktail party and fashion show from 
H:3o to 8:3o p.m. Wednes­ day in the San Antonio 
Country Club. 
Fashions for fun and sport for beach, cruise and travel from Frost's will be modeled. 
Artists who have don­ ated paintings and cera­ mics with nature themes are 
Clay 
M cG aughy, 
Adriel M cG ill, E lo ise 

Stoker, 
M arjo rie 
G e rn sb a c h e r, Yvonne 
S c h lich e n m a le r and 
Marie Nishimura. 
Mrs. Ja m e s Warncke is chairman of the event, assisted by Mines. John 
R. Shaw, C harles Dan- gerfteld, Clyde Chapman, 
Albert K ronkoskv and 
Pat Scholl. 
Members and friends may make reservations by calling the Art League office. 

Add a pleasant look your spring wardrobe with a sundress or two, sure to be a favorite for those warm days ahead. 
The latest styles, whatever your fancy, in an a s ­ sortment of colorful prints, florals or stripes. 3-13. 

Linda Club plans fair, crowning of a queen 

Linda Social Club 

Pain at one time or another affects ever­ yone. But what if a person has constant pain — e ve ryd ay ? 
What can he do? 
“ Learn to live with it," 
Dr. 
F r ie d a 
H endeles says, 
An assistant professor at the Health Science 
Center and staff psychia­ trist at the Audie L. 
M urphy M em orial VA 
Hospital, Dr. Hendeles is afflicted with arthritis in her wrists and ankles and wears two hearing aids. 
For the past nine m onths she has been working as a member of a pain management team 
First of two parts 

 that teaches patients how to cope with chronic pain. 
Dr. H endeles defines chronic pain as that ex- periened over sev eral years which in terferes with one’s personal life, fam ily and social a c ti­ vities. 
“ There is evidence that 

 those who feel pain, learned to feel it, ’ she said. 
Using the facts known about pain, the m anage­ m ent team striv e s to teach the patient and his fam ily techniques that will enable the patient to control his pain and to live a rich and full life. 
The patient often finds it helpful to become fa­ m iliar with the ch arac­ teristics of pain. 
Protection 

Dr. Hendeles said aith ough pain is thought of as a qu ality hum ans are born with to protect them from anything harmful or hurtful, this is not so. 
“ Som e people are to­ tally unable to feel pain, having been born without the necessary apparatus to experience or under­ stand it." 
“ These people have to take sp e c ial care and learn how to protect themselves from injury and infection.’’ 
“ A young child finds fire is hot, but more im­ portantly, he learns how to feel the pain of a burn.” 
Dr. Hendeles said if you watch a toddler take 

 his first tumble, you will see that he looks and lis­ tens for a reaction from those around him. 
“ If everyone Is silent, no one winces or looks worried, the toddler will get up and go about his business. 
“ If those around him react to the tumble with a look of concern or an ex­ clamation, the child will begin to cry. 
“ He has learned to hurt.” 
Intensity 
Dr. Hendeles explained the intensity of pain tells little about the serious­ ness of a condition. 
“ A hangnail or skin burn can he painful, hut it does little damage. On the other hand, destruc­ tion by a brain tumor, bullet or stab wound is often painless.” 
She says the ability to withstand pain also is de­ pendent upon more than just the hurt. 
“ It depends upon na­ tionality, age and the cir­ cumstances in which the pain occurs. 
“ Ita lia n s, Je w s and old-time Americans react 
; to and handle pain differ­ ently. The young are less able to take pain than older persons. Also cer­ tain situations tend to make it hardly noticea­ ble.” 
She said football 

The sundress makes its debut, strictly for grown up girls 

From 
$15«c *26 

 nual Saturday “ F e r ­ ia Linda Mexicana” from 6 p.m. to I a.m. in La Villita’s Plaza 
Nueva. 
For the first time in the club’s 3o-year history, a queen and princess will be chosen. Six girls will compete for the title of 
Miss Linda. 
The six will d ress in costum es from the var­ ious states and regions of 
Mexico. Mrs. Maria Lo­ uisa Camacho de Lopez will be w ardrobe m is ­ tress and commentator. 
M a ria ch is will play from 8 to 9 p.m.. followed r v u T n iA by dancing to the music v y n i h i a of the Roberto Chavez 
ALVARADO 
Orchestra. 
The girls who will par­ ticipate in the event are 
Cynthia Louisa Alvarado, 
Maria Elena Bocanegra, 
Bernice R. Casares, Lor­ raine Gonzales, Rosalie 
M ontoya and B a r b a r a 
Ann Trego. 
Miss Alvarado, State of 
Z a c a te c a s, is the daughter of Mr. and Mrs. 
Alfred Alvarado. She is a sophomore at MacArthur 
High School. 

LORRAINE 
MARIA E. 
GONZALES 
BOCANEGRA 

Tehuantepec 

R ep resen tin g the r e ­ gion of Tehuantepec will be M iss B o can egra. A fresh m an at M em orial 
High School, she is the daughter of Mr. and Mrs. 
Blas Bocanegra. 
M iss 
C a sa r e s will represent Fantasia Mex- ica n a. 
She is the daughter of Mr. and Mrs. 
Manuel Casares and is a sophomore at Highlands 
High School. 
Miss Gonzales will ap­ pear in a costume repre­ sen tin g the State of 
Puebla. The Edgewood 
High School junior is the daughter of Mr. and Mrs. 
Joe Gonzales. 
The S tate of C h apas will be represented by 
Miss Montoya. She is the daughter of Mr. and Mrs. 
Nestor Montoya and is a freshman at Providence 
High School. 
Miss Trego will repre­ sent the Region of Cha­ p as. A B u rb an k High 
School sophomore, she is the daughter of Mrs. Eli­ za Fuentes. 
Officers of the Linda 
S ocial 
Club include: 
M m es. Lou M edrano, president; Rosie Flores, vice president; 
Aurora 
Sierra, secretary and- 
Sylvia 
Castillo, treas­ urer. 

BARBARA A. TREGO 
ROSALIE MONTOYA 
BERNICE R. CASARES 
Soften lines 

Are you a woman who feels forgotten when it c o m es to beauty and skincare preparations? 
T ak e heart 
— the young are not the only ones who get attention. 
A luxe cosmetic house is very much aw are of you and has readied a m arv e lo u s, daytim e wrinkle lotion that does great things for your skin and spirits. 
Daytime wrinkle lotion is not just another skin lotion, but one formulat­ ed specially for women aged 4o and over. 
It has p ro m ise for women who now find themselves in an exciting^ new role with new career* involvements. 
Women who have new reaso n to look their youngest. .Statistics tell us that there are now over 12 million working 
_______ I 
O K 
♦ 
K.4 

 this country. 
Daytime wrinkle lotion is delicate, crystal clear, delightfully lemon-scent­ ed. It is super-saturated with m o istu riz e rs, hu- mectants that have been specifically form ulated to help m ain tain the moisture balance of the skin. 
It’s aimed at dry and sensitive skin. 
The moisturizers help smooth out dry lines —• soften the skin, too, leav­ ing a light moisture cu­ shion that helps to keep makeup and face fresh for hours. 
The lotion is particu­ larly helpful in the trou­ ble zones around the eyes, foreh ead, throat and m outh, where it seem s to ease the taut, strained look. 
Which proves that skin care should be not be 

Annual meeting scheduled 

San 
Antonio 
Area 
Council of Girl Scouts 
Inc., a 'U nited 
Way agency, will have its an­ nual meeting at 9:3o a.m. 
Tuesday in Pecan Valley 
Country Club. 
Sweet rolls and coffee will be served at 9 a m. 
Council president, Mrs. 
Charles Krumboltz, will preside. Any registered 
Girl Scout, 14-years-old or older is invited. 

Business at this annual meeting will include the election of officers and board of d ire cto rs, 

The top five sellers of the 1977 Cookie sale will receive special awards. 
The top s e lle r s are: 
B ren da E llio tt, Robin 
Robin, Yvonne Escobeda, 
E liz ab e th 
Cantu and 
Cynthia Chavarria. 

Poge 
I O E 
* 
San Antonio EXPRESS-NEW S— Sunday M a y 8 1 9 77 
Meet Mayor Cockrell’s Mother 

Continued from Page I E 
School to study to be a kindergarten teacher. 
“ But I didn’t teach,” she says. “ In 192ft I mar­ ried Judge Ovid Winfield 
Jones of North Carolina, an attorney in the g o ­ vernment service. Lila stood up with us.” 
Judge and Mrs. Jones were married 42 years. li\ jug in F o re st Hills, 
Kansas City and Omaha and spen din g “ three glorious y e a r s ” in 
Hawaii after he retired. 
They had returned to 
F ort Worth before his death. 
Their two sons are Dr. 
Andrew 
M cC am pbell 
Jones of Phoenix, a re­ search p h y sicist, and 
Ov id W. Jones Jr .. a Fort 
Worth businessman who m a n a g e s his m o th e r’s properties. She has two g ra n d so n s and three granddaughters. 
Vignettes 
Our con v ersation ranged from vignettes of 
Lila’s life to equal rights for women to world tra­ vois to clothes to religion. 
Apparently as calm as her daughter. Mrs. Jones kept answering my many questions — even though. as I later learned, there had been a fire in her apartment complex the day I phoned. 
Did you know. for ex­ ample. that our mayor w as reared in F o rest 
Hills, but attended high 

 school in Fort Worth? 
"T h ere was no high school in Forest, Hills, and in those days, I be­ lieved strongly in public sc h o o ls,” sa y s 
Mrs. 
Jones. “ She spent the winters in Fort Worth with her gran dm other and came home to us in the sum m er." 
Lila g rad u ate d from 
SMU with honors, and was married in 1942 to S. 
E. (Sid) Cockrell Jr., a 
Field Artillery officer. 
While he was serving in 
Iceland, she enlisted in the W AVES—and was the youngest officer in that branch of the service. 
Many San Antonians know of our m ay or’s backgroun d in the 
League of Women Voters. 
She comes by it natural­ ly. As a young woman in 
Forest Hills, her mother was a League member. 
“ I joined because I thought women should bt? better informed on issues 
— should know what was going on...” 
As for the equal rights m ovem ent, she says: 
“ I’m not a militant, but I feel a woman with educa­ tion and ability should not bo held back because she is a woman. I can remember how my own mother (who managed property) felt when men w ho worked for her could vote and she could not. 
“ I ve never worked and experienced the problem of the woman who should 
SALSA plans fashion event 

San Antonio Legal Se­ en* t a r i es 
A ssoc ia t i on 
(SALSA) will present a 
“ Spring Fashion E xtra­ vaganza” at 2 p.m. S a ­ turday in the Grand Ho­ tel. 
F ash io n s will be m odeled from 
Lady 
Cricket and J. Cricket. 
The shops will present a 
$15o gift certificate to a ticket holder at the fa ­ shion show. 
Modeling fashions from J. Cricket will be 
District Judge Peter Mi­ chael Curry, D istrict 
Ju d g e 
F ran klin 
S. 
S p e a rs, 
B an kruptcy 
Judge Joseph C. Elliott, 
Library award will be given 

The sixth annual Arts and Letters Award of the 
Friends of the San An­ tonio Public Library will be at 5 p.m. Sunday, May 
15. in the garden of Lamia 
Library. 
Novelist and playw ­ right Robert Flynn will be honored, joining pre­ vious recipients Janette 
Lowrey, T .R . Fehren- bach, Dorothy Loder, 
John Igo and Jack Kent. 
Assisting the president, 
Mrs. T.J. Womack, at the event will be Mrs. H.P. 
McCammon, Mrs. P.M. 
Ku, Mrs. W.O. Titman, 
Rose Marie Bailey, Ger­ aldine Le Fe v re and John 
Igo. 
Flynn, who was reared on a farm near Chilli­ cothe. uses his own ex­ periences as an ordained m in ister and as a 

 member of the U.S. Mar­ ine Corps in his fiction. 
He has been a member of Trinity University’s 
E n glish and dram a departments since 19ft4, and now holds the posi­ tion of associate profes- sor-novelist in residence. 

F ly n n ’s first novel, 
“ North to Y esterday,” received both the Jesse* 
IL Jones Award of the 
Texas Institute of Letters and the Western Heritage 
Award in 1968. 
He is also the author of 
“ In the House of the 
Lord,” and “ The Sounds of Rescue, The Signs of 
Hope.” 
His p la y s include 
“ Journey to Jefferson,” and “ A Cow boy’s L e­ g a c y ,” which was pre­ sented by ABC in 1963. 

 t m er ald-C ut. 

Reserved, dignified, aristocratic. 

From our very complete collection. 
The following stone, now in our collection, merits your special attention: 

Emerald Cut Diamond 
2.o8 Carats 
* 1 2 , 3 5 o 

Something Beautiful for Everyone.,, 

Use one of our convenient charge plans or 
American Express • BankAmericard • Master Charge 

Fine Jewelers Since 1878 
163 E Houston Street • North Star Mall 
Windsor Park Mall 

 have the promotion — and it goes to a man. I can feel for her, however. We still have a long way to go.” 

Politics 

As to politics, she considers herself an In­ dependent. “ I have a l­ ways voted for the man — or woman — rather than the party label. I like to think of myself as an In­ dependent.” 
An enthusiastic world traveler, Mrs. Jones has made some 18 extensive 

 tours, am ong them an 
African safari and a trip across Siberia. 
“ We flew to Alaska and from there to Eastern Si­ beria and went all the way across the country. I kept expecting to see a camel caravan, as it seem ed like we had crossed into the Middle Ages. But the countryside was beauti­ ful. This was sum mer. 
And S ib e ria certain ly isn ’t ail frozen w aste ­ land.” 
On another occasion, 

 her hotel room in Mos­ cow overlooked 
Red 
Square. 
“ It was graduation tim e, and there were many young people on the barges on the river at night, and lots of music. I was so excited I never wanted to go to bed! ” 
But she points out that in Russia “ you see only what a tourist is supposed to see ... the icing on the cake.. 
“ If you want to get down to the grass roots, 

 you contact the mission­ aries, as my husband and 
I did during a trip to 
Southeastern Asia.” 
On the safari , she did her shooting with a ca­ mera. “ I could never kill an animal,” she says. 
“ We rode in land rovers with open tops, and we would stand up. 
S o m e tim e s we would move up very close to lions, and we could shoot them — with our cam er­ as. 
“ I don't feel guilty 

 about all the traveling,” she a d d s, “ b ecau se I share so much of it. I make pictures and slides and give talks to many groups.” 
Fashion and the safari were interwoven in our conversation. 
“ When pantsuits came into sty le, I vowed I would 
N E V E R w ear them. Before the safari, however, I received a let­ ter saying that since we were to ride in land rovers, I should bring se­ 

 veral pantsuits. 
“ I took ONE, knowing that I ’d never wear it again. Well, by the time I got back I LOVED pant­ suits. They are so modest 
— and comfortable. 
“ But more than that, I like pretty fem inine d re sse s and bright co­ lors.” 

Joy 

Numerous “honors for her church and civic work have come to Velma 
Jo n e s. None has been quite so joyous and 

 meaningful as being the first women to receive an 
Honorary Life Member­ ship Pin at the church. 
It is centered with a pearl and is the cross and flame, the symbol of the 
United M ethodist Wo­ men. 
And it is symbolic of the sp irit of 
Velma 
Tompkins Jones, whose favorite Bible verse is 
Romans XII:XI. “ Be ag­ low with the Spirit. Serve the Lord.” 
Happy Mother’s Day! 

 and attorneys Louis T. 
Rosenberg, Edward M. 
Joh n son , 
Michael W. 
White, Louis A. LeLaurin and Louis A. LeLaurin 
IIL 

SALSA m em b ers m odeling clothes from 
Lady C rick et include 
Mary Bonnette of Davis and 
O’Connor, 
Drew 
Pierson Brown of Mit­ chell. Steward and Hem- mi, and Amy J. Hill of 
White, 
Logan and 
Weaver. 

Hors d’oeuvres will bet served. Tickets may be purchased from a club member. 

Prices Good 
Mon., May 9th Thru Thurs. 
May 12th. 
\Also Good Sunday—May 8th\ 
At Broadway 
Wow, 

^ \ 
Prices Good 
Mon„ May 9th Thru Thursk | 
May 12th. 
Also Good Sunday, May 8th 
At Broadway 

 rn. rn 

 m n:< 

H I V 
" JR A 

COUPE DE VILLE 
SURALINE GABARDINE 
COORDINATES 

WAI lily 

Solids & fancy prints, 
6o" wide 1oo% polyester, 
Mach. w ash. T od ay 's fashion with a silky fin­ ish. 
SEERSUCKER 

YD. 

ALWAYS IST QUALITY 

; * ii 

4 5 ” Polyester & 
Cotton Beautiful plaid & strip e s. 
Great selection of prints for your favorite sundress. 

HANDKERCHIEF 
PRINT 

CO-ORDINATES 

ENTIRE STOCK 
OF PATTERNS 
25% OFF 
REGULAR PRICE 

Reg. 
$2.98 

ALWAYS IST OVALITY 

Beautiful, bright, fashion prints. 
Spring colors. 48” ii ne washable. 
98 

YD. 

LASSO COORDINATES 

45" Popular brushed bottomweight with coordinat- t irig prints. Prints on popular natural grounds per- 
\ feet for summer. Machine washable and crease re- 
, \ sistant. 

 is 
HAMPTON BAY 
COORDINATES 

Blouse Wt. 
$198 

Bottom Wt. 
$o98 

Always 1st Quality 

45” wide 1oo% cot ton Duck pillow tick stripes unth prints to coordinate the real sportswear. 
YD. 

ALWAYS IST QUALITY 

 a 

H i 

T i 

CALICO 
PRINTS 
D r e s s p ri nt s that everyone loves for that dress or blouse. You will always be in fash­ ion in calico. 45” wide, 
1oo% cotton some po­ lyester & cotton. 
Reg. $1.98 
JL YD l 

ALWAYS IST OVALITY 

WE RESERVE THE RIGHT TO LIMIT QVANT1TIES 

I 

DAN CRUISE 

"4 5 " w ide M achine w ash. Made of 5o% polyester 5o% cotton. 
, 
The sportsw ear that Reg. every fashion minded q o person wants. v& .V o 

SUPER BUY 

DRESS & BLOUSE 

PRINTS 

Beautiful 45" prints just in time for that cool fresh look for 
Spring & Summer. 

Reg. 
1.98 

I fUPtlASAMTON 
I 

I m m 
. 
I 

[ 
11415 NMM MTH U . I 
[ JMMML J 

J 
5712 WUIZIACM 
A 
I 
*h N w li 
| b m i i j 
I 

 f 
H i s MIAOQWUWM. I 
IV 
J 

 f 
4415 MOADWAY I 
I 
£ * 5 1 rSPSm 
I 
OMN* M T S* WW 
I 
1 ft** Aft. 
J 
L f ML Im 11 WI * 
A 

 r 
MI4 WIST AVINO! 
^ fur"' I 
I J t M u 
J 

ALWAYS IST QUALITY 

Eft ii 
- 

SOUD COLOR 
BROADCLOTH , - vn 
45" Wide Polyester 
' 
& Colton 
ALWAYS IST QUALITY 

Our own convenient credit plus Master 
ChargeR and V IS A " 
(BankAmericardB) 

 arotkin’s 

N o rth Star 
San Pedro & Loop 4 1 o 
3 4 2 -2 3 3 1 
Open 1o-9 whon., Thurs., Fri. 
Open 1o-6 Tues., Wed., Sat. 

Big M City 
S. N ew Braunfels & 
E. Southcross 534-6181 
Open 1o-9 Mon., Thurs., Fri. 
Open 1o-6 Tues., Wed., Sat. 

Broadw ay 
9 8 o 3 Broadway 
8 2 4 -9 4 o 2 
Open 1o-9 Mon.’, Thurs., Fri. 
Open 1o-6 Tues., Wed,, Sat. 

Dow ntow n 
231 E. Commerce 
2 2 7 -6 3 6 1 
Open 1o-6 Mon. thru Sat. except Thurs. Nite till 9:oo 

 f 
EXPRESS-NEWS 
_ _ 
) 
Scene b 

^ Sunday May ft 1977_______________________ Page 
I F J 
Recipes reach for the stars 

GEORGE 
DAR- 
EO S, left, in the wine cellar at La 
Louisiane, and 
Frank Phelps in the 
Phelps 
Room of the Fig Tree. Their restaurants are featured in the 
‘Holiday Magazine 
Award Cookbook.’ 

..................................... 
KAROTKINS GREAT CHAIN-WIDE, STATE WIDE m i I m h m i a r RAI f 
1IVIILLIUIM UULLnn unLL 

- I Prowt H 
Isl ll® !! A>.s.s * filii , " iiS iS iilS *: H ii i % 
PS 
I ip HI IIS <*ST * III P $ * ' ll 
‘I 
S 
ENTIRE *2o5,ooo STOCK SUMMER 

FURNITURE REDUCED I 2% TO 29% 

The discovery o f a new dish does oore for the happi­ ness of mankind than the dis­ covery o f a star." 

Even discriminating diners of this 
Space Age would agree with Anth- eime Brillat-Savarin, the 18th 
Century food writer and magistrate w hose words preface the “ Holiday 
Magazine Award Cookbook.” 
The book contains recipes from fa­ mous restaurants in the United 
States, Canada and Mexico which have received the Holiday Magazine 
Award for distinction and are 
“ starred” in the Holiday Guide to 
Fine Dining. 
And that includes two of San An­ tonio’s most elegant! 
La Louisiane and the Fig Tree are among the 19 Texas restaurants gi­ ven this kind of star-studded status. 
The featured recipes were selected by cookbook editors from five or six submitted by each restaurateur. 
Taramasalata (Carp Roe Spread) and.Oysters Kilpatrick (no relation to my boss!) represent the restaurant that owner George Dareos lovingly refers to as “ the Louisiane.” 
Heavenly Hash Dessert and Stuffed 
Mushrooms are menu favorites at 
Frank Phelps’ Fig Tree that have been included in Holiday’s book. 
Royal purple 
The 45o-page, hardbound book is the same royal purple color as the guidebook and bears the bay-Jeaf crown and crossed knife and fork medallion that Holdiay Magazine has bestowed on America’s best restaur­ ants for 25 years. 
La Louisiane is one of six restaur­ ants to enjoy the distinction of the 
Holiday Award since its inception. 
Dareos’ brother-in-law. the late 
Max Manus, founded La Louisiane in 1935 after working in well-known 
Chicago and New Ydrk restaurants. 
He was born in Istanbul of Greek parents and lived in Greece and 
France before immigrating to Amer­ ica, His wife, Antoinette, is still acti­ vely involved in the restaurant. 
Dareos, who became director in 
1958, brings his expertise in wines, business acumen (letting the building grow gracefully and adding ballroom dancing when the time was right) and a rich’ sense of humor lo the San 
Antonio landmark. 
Ah, but the food! 
“ Not haute cuisine but leaning toward the French and Creole — with local seasonings,” he observes sue- cintly. 
- Fresh fish caught privately for 
Dareos, imported caviar and a fabu­ lous dessert (the only item on the menu that bows to Mexico's influence on San Antonio) are the kinds of things that make his kitchen special. 

$ 1 6 9 88 

Portable stand 

By----------------------------- 
JANE ULBRICH 

E X m S S NEW S FO O D EDITOR 

By contrast (please don't try to compare the two!), the Fig Tree is tiny and makes “ no attempt to be 
French.” 
Phelps describes the decor as “ a hodgepodge” of the nice things he’s always admired. 
“ There wasn’t any silver spoon in my family,” notes the restaurateur who now is at home with his Gaines- borough prints, Irish Dresden and 
French marble appointments. 
A relative newcomer on the San 
Antonio restaurant scene, the River 
Walk restaurant with its giant fig tree on the patio literally sparkles with 
Gorham lead crystal, triple-plated silverwear and Florentine service plates. 
La V illita 
Formerly the home of the Henshaw family—and the last of the private dwellings in La Villita, the house was purchased in 197o by the Phelpses who had planned to make it their home. 
They decided, however, to share its charm (it still looks like a house dow n to the details of using its original kitchen as a service area) in the form of a Continental restaurant. 
The entrees are “ things we created over the vears for sDecial Darties” at 
Phelps’ other restaurants. King’s Inn 
(Italian food) in Chicago and Little 
Rhein Steakhouse next door on Paseo del Rio. 
“ The sauces we serve we created ourselves. They bear no resemblance to the old classics but were designed for a change of pace,” says Phelps. 
“ Our sauces are served on the side. 
We feel the customer has the prero­ gative of eating food in its an natural state or ‘saucing it up’.” 
Crown Rack of Lamb (Phelps’ fa­ vorite), Beef Wellington and Provimi 
White Veal (a different recipe com­ bination each night) are specialties. 
The Fig Tree has earned the Holi­ day Award the last three years. 
Restaurants are selected for the 
Award by Robert Lawrence Balzer, restaurant and wine editor for Holi­ day Magazine, and his “ anonymous eaters.” 
They have given Recommended status to two other San Antonio res­ taurants. La Fonda on North Main and Naples. 
If you’ve already purchased “ Holi­ day Magazine Award Cookbook” 
($12.5o at La Louisiane and Fig Tree), here is a bonus. 
These are additional recipes for you to try at home. 
P.S. The La Louisiane Caramel 
Custard recipe bas never been pub- 

LADY'S MINI ll r n h - bracelets 
14K Gold 
I ' 
/YOUR 
CHOICE 

Choose from such famous names as Plantation Patterns, John Hancock, Home- crest, Lyon-Shaw, Brown-Jordan, and other fine quality outdoor furniture brands . . . ideal for lawn, pool or patio. 

Save *1oo.o7! 6-pc. group consists of 2 swivel rockers, 2 end tables and coffee table 

Make summer evenings a delight with this Homecrest Bimini set which features famous floating action design to make this set everyone’s favorite. Frames are durable steel with soft white enamel finish. Soft foam cushions are covered in a vinyl fabric in shades of lime, white, green and yellow in a soft floral print. 

Reg. $399.95 
$29988 

Delivery and set-up at no additional charge within delivery area 

Illustrations enlarged 
Not available in all stores 

"CHARGE. . . the convenient way to buy ' 

We Accept: 
BankAmericard • Diners Club •Shoppers Charge 
Master Charge* Carte Blanche •Am erican Express rv i_ 
< yore o n ; 
JEWELERS 

8 GREAT STORES IN THE SAN ANTONIO AREA: 5o1 
East Houston, D ow ntow n • Las Palmas Shopping Center 
• Plaza Terrell Shopping Center * 8 4 2 S.W. M ilitary Drive 
• Northwest Shopping Center • McCreless Shopping City 
• Central Park Mall • Windsor Park Mall • Shop Gordon's 
Coast to Coast. 

4-5-o2-15 

Save *3 o .o 7 ! Floating cocoon swing and stand by fam ous H om ecrest in lo v e ly flo ral p a tte rn 

Cruise along two feet off the floor of the front porch or wherever you decide to hang it. 
Spring support and foam filled cushions give a soft ride. Soft white steel frame is strong . . . for safety and strength. Vinyl fabric in floral design in shades of gold, black, white, beige and brown. 

Reg. $199 95 

Son Antonio EXPRESS-NEW5— Sundoy May 8 I 977 

+ + + w e d d in g belles + + + w edding belles + + + w e d d in g belles w e d 

16 Professional Pocket 
Portraits, Only $188! 

Its graduation time. And once again you can take advantage of tremendous savings on Studers’ Professional Pocket Portraits 
. . . 16 wallet-sized portraits for only $1.88! 
But did you ever stop to think that now’s a great time to get portraits made of Mom and Dad. 
Your kid brother. Grandma. 
Or your favorite girl. 
Studers’ Professional Pocket 
Portraits . . . for a buck eighty- eight. you can make a lot of people happy! Get the picture? 

PhotoStores 

You only pay what the pros pay. mm 

4o2 Sail Pedro, 223-9782 / 213 Central Park, 344-6641 / 17o3 Fredericksburg, 
735-o121 / HO North St. Mary's, 227-8134 / 228 Wonderland Shopping Citv, 
735-3311/ 411 McCreless Plaza, 532-1211 / 622 S.W. Military Drive, 924-5841 / 
3711 Colony Drive, 696-751o 

BAUSCH Si LOMU W 

Soft Contact Lenses are Available at Most 
TSO Offices 

Consult your telephone directory for ISO locations. 

We care how you look at life 

T e x a s S t a t e 

O p t i c a l , 

OPEN SA T U R D A Y S Til 1:oo 

Spencer, 
Jackson vows are repeated 

The m arriage of Miss 
Caroline Warren Jackson and G eorge H utchings 
Spencer 
J r. was solemnized Saturday in the F irst Presbyterian 
Church by the Rev. Dr. 
Richard G. Ryan. 
The b rid e is the daughter of Mr. and Mrs. 
Charles Horatio Jackson 
Jr. The groom’s parents are Mr. and Mrs. George 
Hutchings Spencer. 
Matron of honor was 
Mrs. Charles H. Jackson 
ITI. B ridesm aids were 
M rs. Dennis Alvoid of 
Dallas, Mrs. Christopher 
Rasmussen of San Jose, 
('alif., Pamela Watkins of 
Durham . N.C., and Eli­ zabeth Jo rdan of Fort 
W orth. Ju n io r b rid e s­ maid was Jennifer Drol­ ly. 
The g ro o m 's fath er served as best man. 
Groomsmen were Austin 
C. Starkey of Lawrence­ ville, N .J., L am ar R. 
Spencer, brother of the groom, Charles H. Jack­ son III and Benjamin W. 
Jackson, brothers of the bride. Junior groomsman was John C.S. Spencer, brother of the groom. 
A ssisting as ushers were Kim Manning and 
John Riggs. 
A reception was held at the San Antonio Country 
Club following the cere­ mony. 
After a wedding trip to 
San Francisco and Bri­ tish Columbia, Canada, the couple will reside in 
Houston. 

Linda Fuchs becomes bride of R.L. Hudgens 

Miss Linda Ray Fuchs becam e the brid e of 
Royce Lee Hudgens of 
Dallas, Saturday in Har- landale 
C hristian 
Church. The Rev. Louis 
Bowling officiated. 

Parents of the bride are 
Mr. and Mrs. Gus A. 
Fuchs. The groom is the son of Mr.and Mrs. C. R. 
Hudgens of Dallas. 
Maid of honor was Be­ verly Diamond. B rides­ maids were Sheree Sisk 

 and Denisa Ham. 
Serving as best man was Jim Duke. Grooms­ men were Joel Hudgens and Jeffrey Fuchs. As­ sisting as ushers were 
Dan Walton and Steve 
Jordan. 

A reception was held at the church fellow ship hall follow ing the ceremony. 
After a wedding trip to 
Lake LBJ, the couple will reside in Dallas. 

MRS. GEORGE SPENCER, JR. 
Manning, 
Pursley vows said 

Your Graduation Pictures 

M a k e that special graduation picture m ore m emorable w ith a custom fram e that will be c h e r i s h e d f or years to come. 

From 

8x1o 

 m o m maker 

ClJSTOM 
F R A M IN G 

MocArthui Pkua 
3111 -J Nacogdoches Rd. 
653-524o 

Shopper's City Wail 
Across From Sears 
On S. Military Or. 
922-9444 b 

 edericksburg Rd. 
734-6227 

R.S. DeLauter, 
Anita Martinez recite vows in 
Catholic rites 

Miss Anita Rios Martinez became the bride of Lt. Richard S. DeLauter, Sa­ turday in St. Paul's Catholic Church. 
The groom ’s father officiated at the ceremony. 
The bride is the daughter of Lt. Col. 
(ret.) and Mrs. Alejandro F. Martinez 
The groom’s parents are the Rev. and 
Mrs. Paul C. DeLauter. 
Maid of honor was the bride’s sister, 
Yolanda Martinez. Bridesmaids were 
Peggy Martinez. Gayle Hanna, Sonia 
Salazar, Alice Chavez, Yvonne Her­ nandez, Patti Holloway, Sandra M ar­ tinez, Karen Nykiel, Dolores Zumanan and Rose Marie Hernandez. 
Serving as flower g irl was Lisa 
Aguiiien. 
B est m an was Jeffrey Y aeger. 
G room sm en w ere Paul D eL auter, brother of the groom, Arthur Martinez, 
Alejandro Martinez Jr., David Valdez, 
John G arcia, Fred Bonilla, Lt. Jim 
Chladek, Lt. Joe Rakosky, Ll. Michael 
Garcia and Lt. Ted Martinez. 
A reception followed at the Ft. Sam 
Houston Officers’s Club Annex at the 
Academy of Health Sciences. 

Dr. Simmons, 
Miss Bernhardt are married in 
Laurel Heights 

Laurel H eights United M ethodist 
Church was the setting Saturday for the wedding of M iss B ettie K atherine 
Bernhardt and Dr. John Gregory Sim­ mons of New Orleans. Officiating were the Rev. Dr. Charles Giesler and the 
Rev. William Martin. 

Parents of the bride are Mr. and Mrs. 
George Marcellus Bernhardt Jr. The groom is the son of Dr. and Mrs. John 
Terry Simmons of Jasper, Ala. 

Matron of honor was Mrs. Michael 
Venson. Bridesmaids were Mrs. Jam es 
C. Worth of Houston, Mrs. Erny Karoly of Blacksburg, Va., Mrs. John Kimble of New O rleans, Anna Simmons of 
Alabama, sister of the groom, Wendy 
Bolen and Cynthia Cooper, both of 
Austin, and Nancy Hamner of Laredo. 

The groom’s father served as best man. Groomsmen were Dr. Charles 
H unter of N ashville, T enn,, Burk 
McWilliams of Wichita Falls, Arthur 
Huntley Johnson and Edward Morris, both of Houston, John Kimble of New 
Orleans, Brooks Hines of Brewton, Ala. and Al Simmons of Jasper, Ala. 

A ssisting as ushers were Jam es 

MRS. JOHN G. SIMMONS 

Howard of Houston and Dr. Jack Lor­ ton of New Orleans. 
A reception was held at the Oak Hills 
Country Club. 
After a wedding trip to Point Clear, 
Ala., the couple will reside in New 
Orleans. 
Temple-Jones wedding vows solemnized in 

Parker Chapel is setting for 
Peche nuptials 

Howard-Ellis 

Miss Pam ela Gale Ellis and David Barry Howard exchanged m a rria g e vows, S aturday in F la ­ tonia Baptist Church at 
F lato n ia. 
The 
Rev. 
Graydon Howell officiat­ ed. 
The b rid e is the daughter of Mr. and Mrs. 
Asa Lee Ellis of Flatonia. 
The groom’s parents are 
Mr. and M rs. Thom as 
Lee Howard. 
M atron of honor was 
Shirley Hoover, sister of the bride. B ridesm aids were Mrs. Donald Ellis, 
Foundation 

San Antonio Women’s 
C hapter, 
F reedom s 
F oundation at Valley 
Forge will hold its annual membership meeting at 2 p.m . S atu rd ay in the 
C om m erce Room , N a­ tional B ank of Com­ merce. 

Ray H am blin, sister of the groom , and Ja n is 
Sellers. 
T hom as 
H ow ard, b ro th e r of the groom , served as best m an. 
Groomsmen were Donald 
Ellis, Robert Hoover, and 
Jam es Rutledge. Ushers were Gary Ellis and Ro­ bert Syrinek. 

A reception was held at th e ch u rch fellow ship hall following the cere­ mony. 
The couple will honey­ moon in Orlando, Fla. to hold meet 

M arg aret 
Cousins, form er m anaging editor of Good H ousekeeping and senior ed itor at 
Doubleday, will be the speaker. Officers will be elected . G uests have been invited. 

MRS. R. L. HUDGENS 

Installation will be beld 

San Antonio Chapter of 
H adassah will have an installation luncheon at noon Wednesday in the 
Crystal Baking Co. 

M rs. P hilip H eintz. outgoing president, will givp her report for 
1976-77. E xpress-N ew s re p o rte r, Nancy Scott 
Jones, will speak on her recent trip to Israel. 

Reservations chairmen are Mrs. Joel Pullen and 
Mrs. Bernard Cohen. 

MRS. RICHARD S. DELAUTER 

 the Ft. Sam Houston Officer’s Club 
Annex at the A cadem y of H ealth 
Sciences. 

After a wedding trip to Europe, the couple will reside at Ft. Sill, Okla. where the groom will be stationed. 

Cosmopals plan lunch 

Northwest Cosmopals’ m em bers and th e ir daughters will be hon­ ored at a 
M other- 
D aughter luncheon at noon S atu rd ay in the home of M rs. H erbert 
Krause. 
Mrs. E.M. Gilmore and 
Mrs. Jam es Sullivan will be co-hostesses. 
The civic organization is an auxiliary to North- 
West Cosmopolitan Club. 

MRS. LEE o . TEMPLE 

MRS. WILLIAM M. ELVEY 

Coker Church 

The Rev. Robert Grimes officiated at the wedding of Miss Deborah Ann 
Jones and Lee Odell Temple, Saturday in Coker United Methodist Church. 
The bride is the daughter of Mr. and 
Mrs. Robert Jones. The groom is the son of Mrs. Frances Temple and the late L. o. Temple. 
Matron of honor was Mrs. Robert 
Records of Lubbock. Bridesmaids were 
M rs. T erri B ratton, siste r of the groom, and Mrs. Kenneth Jones Jr. 
Serving as best man was Kenneth 
Wagner. Groomsmen were Larry Lehr of New Braunfels and Kenneth Jones 
Jr. Ushers were William Reynolds of 
Houston and Steven Jones, brother of the bride. 
A reception was held at The Barn 
Door following the ceremony. 
The couple will honeymoon in In­ diana. 
MRS. ROBERT PECHE 

The Rev. Guy Henry officiated at the wedding of Miss Norma Jean Garcia and Robert Peche, Friday in the Mar- garite B. P arker Chapel at Trinity 
University. 
The bride is the daughter of Mr. and 
Mrs. Francisco G. Garcia Jr. Parents of the groom are Mr. and Mrs. Lionel 
A. Peche Sr. 

Matron of honor was Dolores Alonzo 
Sr. Maid of honor was Myrna Joy 
Garcia. Bridesmaids were Irma Jane 
Martinez, Alice Flores, Elizabeth Oli­ vares and Rachel Campos. 
Serving as ringbearers were Daniel 
A. Alonzo and Jam es Paul Martinez. 
Best man was Lionel A. Peche Jr. 
Groomsmen were Luis A. Alonzo Sr,, 
Roy L. Taiamantes, Jim Flores, Ernest 
C. Olivares and David A. Campos. 
A reception was held in the Villa 
Fontana Bali room at Hemisfair Plaza. 
The couple will honeym oon at 
Montego Bay in Jam aica. 

Deborah Dalbec becomes bride of W.M. Elvey 

The m arriage of Miss Deborah Den­ ise Dalbec and William Miles Elvey was solemnized Friday in Northwood 
Presbyterian Church by the Rev. Dr. 
Samuel Terry. 
The bride is the daughter of Mr. and 
Mrs. Clinton o. Dalbec. The groom is the son of Mrs. Luis D. Elvey and 
Richard Elvey. 
Maid of honor was Diane Christine 
Daibee, sister of the bride. B rides­ maids were Mrs. Richard Steven No­ ble, Ellen Kay Payne and Donna Beth 
Fain. 
Mark Davis Elvey, brother of the groom, served as best man. Grooms­ men were Patrick Walsh of Houston, 
Toby Michelson and Charles Kopecky. 
A reception was held at the Fort Sam 
Houston Officer’s Club following the ceremony. 
The couple will live in Bremerton, 
Wash, where the groom will be sta­ tioned in the U.S. Navy 

Ronald Sinks to be speaker 

Ronald C. Rinks, direc­ tor of the division of art and design at the Univer­ sity of Texas at San An­ tonio, will be the guest speaker at the annual m eeting of Southw est 
Craft C enter on T h u rs­ day. 
New officers will be elected at IO a.m ., fol­ lowed by the program at ll in the newly-restored 
Ursuline Chapel. Lunch­ eon will be served in the school’s Copper Kitchen. 
Binks’ topic, “ Design for Living,’’ will explain the purpose of design in a rt w orks, the environm ent and p ro ­ ducts. 
Luncheon reservations must be made by Tues­ day, and can be made by calling the com m unity services office at South­ west Craft Center. 

MRS. V. E. MANNING 

M iss 
Naomi 
Ruth 
Pursiey and Senior Air­ man Vance Eugene Man­ ning exchanged m arriage vows, Saturday in Castle 
Hills Assembly Church. 
The 
Rev. 
W illiam 
Hughes, assisted by the 
Rev. Jim Lincoln, offi­ ciated. 
The brid e is the daughter of Mr. and Mrs. 
Marion F. Pursley. The groom’s parents are Mr. and Mrs. Charles Hicks of Conover, N. C. 
M atron of honor was 
Gloria Rosato of Akron, 
Ohio. Maid of honor was 
Dana T aylor. B rid es­ m aids w ere Lola 
K. 
Pursley and Robin Hicks. 
F lo aer g irls w ere J .J . 
Houston and 
D aniell 
Houston. 
E dw ard M anning of 
Conover served as best man. Groomsmen were 
Dewayne Smith of Con­ over, Terry Griffin and 
Pete O’Livera. 
A reception was held at the church following the ceremony. 

SHELLY'S 

* am ple sleeve length 

* shoulder room 

* longer torso 

* proper inseam 

1 at right lengths 

Sizes 7-22 in JRS., MISSY. & 
CONTEMPORARY 
FASHIONS 

Shellv’s Tall Girl Shop 

WINDSOR PARK MALL 
6539363 

 lime your Shellv's Instant Charge 

ARTS & CRAFTS CLASSES 

M ay 16 
Tole & D ecorative 

P a in tin g 

M ay 19 
Silk Flow ers 

M ay 23,24,25 
P oin t A lo n g w ith 

R obert G arden 

M ay 25 
W e a v in g 

M a y 27 
M a c ra m e 

M ay 31 
Fabric P a in tin g 

June 13 
B e gin n e r s Oil Ptg 

GOURMET CLASSES: 

Q u ich e C o okery 
1o.oo-12:oo 
1-2 Hr. Lsn 

G o u rm e t C o o k in g 
1o:oo-12:oo 
3 -2 Hr. lsn . 

Crepe C o o ke ry 
1o:oo-12:oo 
1-2 Hr Lsn, 

G o u rm e t C o o k in g ll 
1o:oo-12:oo 
2 -2 Hr. Lsn. 

C a k e D e c oratin g 
12:oo- 3:oo 
4 -2 Hr. Lsn. 

PLEASE CALL 824-2353 
FOR RESERVATIONS 

COOKBOOK 

Continued from Page I F clean 

 fished. It is very lung and complicated, and anyone who follows it through to completion is considered worthy of his own Holi­ day Award! 
Caramel Custard 
(La Louisiana . 
Caramel: 

12 cup sugar 
11 cup water 
Pinch of cream of tar­ tar 
Custard: 
2 cups milk 
I teaspoon vanilla ex­ tract kj cup sugar 
3 eggs plus 2 extra egg yolks 
Preparation: 
In a small, heavy sau­ cepan or skillet, bring the sugar and water to a boil over high heat, stirring until the sugar dissolves. 
Stir in a pinch of cream of tartar. Boil the syrup over moderate heat, gently tipping the pan back and forth almost constantly, until the syr­ up turns a rich, golden brown. This takes Kl minutes or more. 
Remove from heat and carefully pour the syrup in a thin stream into either a 1-quart metal or porcelain mold, or six 
-bounce heatproof porce­ lain or glass individual molds. 
Coat the bottom and sides as evenly as possi­ ble. 
Preheat oven to 325 degrees. 
In a I 12-quart sauce­ pan. bring milk almost to a boil over moderate heat. Remove the pan from stove and add the vanilla. 
With a wire whisk, ro­ tary or electric beater, beat the sugar, eggs and extra egg yolks until they are well mixed aud tick- ened. 
Stirring gently and constantly, pour in the milk in a thin stream. 
Strain through a fine sieve into the caramel- lined mold and place mold (or molds) in a large pan on the middle shelf of the oven. 
Pour enough boiling water into the pan to come halfway up the sides of the mold. Bake the custard — lowering the oven temperature if. water inutile pan begins to simmer — for about I hour, or until a knife in­ serted in the center of the custard comes out 

Remove the mold from the water and refrigerate the custard for at least three hours, or until it is thoroughly chilled. 
Serving instructions: 
To unmold, run a sharp knife around the sides and dip the bottom of the mold briefly in hot water. 
Place a chilled serving plate upside down over the mold and, holding the mold firmly, quickly turn the plate and mold over. 
Rap the plate on a table and the custard should slide out of the mold. 
Pour any extra caramel remaining in the mold over the custard. 
Serve cold. Some li­ queur poured over the top of the custard when served adds a special 
.flavor, 
(Dareos uses a com­ bination of orange Cura­ cao. Cointreau and Triple 
See.) 

Makes 6 servings. 

St raw berry 
Montecarlo 
(The Fig Tree) 
I cup grenadine 
I cup sugar 
I cup water 
I cup Bummel liqueur 
.Marinate strawberries with all the above ingre­ dients for H hours. 
Serve strawberries topped with whipped cream and sauce from the marinade. 

Trout Tig Tree 

812-ounce filet of fresh trout 
I cup mornay sauce ounce lemon juice 
*4 teaspoon Tabasco 
>2 teaspoon salt 
1 teaspoon Parmesan cheese 
2 cups w ater 
2 cups sauterne wine 
2 oysters 
Asparagus spears 
Lox strips 
Pre-cook trout in large skillet with water and wine for about ll) min­ utes. 
For each serving, wrap trout around 2 to 3 aspar­ agus spears. Wrap one strip of lox around trout and asparagus. 
Mix mornay sauce, le­ mon juice. Tabasco and salt after the fish has pre-cooked. 
Place fish on oven­ proof plate with oysters and pour sauce over it. 
Sprinkle 
Parmesan cheese on top and brown in oxen for IO minutes. 

CUT 

TO 

ORDER 

PRICE 

' I i i 
E l l I V 
V T I 11*Is* 
I 
884 FULL PIECE PRICE 

INTERFACING 

1oo% POLYESTER 

25” WIDE 
5l 99* 

CUT TO 

YD 
° RDER 
TU- 
PRICE 

FAMOUS 
HIGH FASHION 
VALUES 
TO 
984 

BIG SELECTION 
BUTTONS 
I Or 99* 
154 EACH 

POLYESTER 
THREAD 
8 99 
% ^ s p o o l s r n r n 

GOOD COLOR 
SELECTIONS 

AVAILABLE 

4 BIG DAYS 

MONDAY, 
TUESDAY, 

WEDNESDAY, 

THURSDAY 

25.oo GIFT CERTIFICATE- FREE 

DROP THIS COUPON IN BOX IN STORE 

N A M E.................................................. 

ADDRESS............................................. 

C IT Y .................................................... 

TELEPHONE......................................... 
You need not 
DRAW ING SAT., M AY I 4TH- 5PM be present to win 

I > 

6 
V 
Q 

 ca 
V 

A 
*A 

CUT 

TO 

ORDER 

PRICE 

CUT TO ORDER PRICE 

FULL 
PIECE 
PRICE 

o 
CP 

AS 

O s 
& at* 
Cl sn 
V 
T 
. 

A r 
’ 
<2, ^ 
> -2. ^ n s t ii- 

DENIM 
DARK BLUE 
BLUE JEAN 
5o% POLYESTER 
5o% COTTON 
ON 
BOLTS 

SELLING DIRECT TO THE PUBLIC 

W IL L S U Y 

88« FULL PIECE PRICE 

CUTTING 
BOARDS 

OR 
MORE 

EACH 

39 W X 7 4 " 

FOLDS UP COMPACT 

FAMOUS 

GOLD LABEL 
SEWING 
NOTIONS 

BIG 

ASSORTMENT 

VALUES 

TO 794 
NOTIONS 
5„99 

29‘ EACH 

DRAPERY 
SHEERS 

GOOO COLORS 

1 o o % POLYESTER 
2.99 
77 

 r f 
CUT TO 

ORDER 

 yo^ 
PRICE 

 fabric warehouse 

9 3 8 B A N D E R A RD. 
I B A N f> ( R A S H O P P IN G i iffi.Yi.il' » t o i l M I lr 
? 
O P # N Y 
1-35 AT E IS E N H A U E R RD 
N I X Y t o XX'. A O N A M A f t 

WE’VE MADE BIG 
SELECTIONS... ALI 
OVER THE STORE 
• 
FOR THIS BIG 
994 EVENT ... YOU’II FIND 
LOTS OF BIG 
VALUES HERE. 
DON’T 
MISS ITH 
4 
BIG DAYS 

San Antonio EXPR ESS-N EW S— Sunday M ay 8 I 977 

Jordan 'hams’ it up with King 

Carter administra­ tion people turned out in biggest numbers to date for 
King H ussein’s din­ ner at im pressive 
Anderson House. 
It was Hamilton Jo r ­ dan’s first big sashay outside the White House and when 
President 
Carter’s No. I assistant was asked how it hap­ pened, he quipped, “ I was headed for the movies and made the wrong turn.” 
He regularly goes to the White House at 8 in the morning and works till IO at night, he said, and he seemed to be working right through dinner. 
He got up twice to make telephone calls, held an impromptu con­ ference in the middle of the room with top econo­ mic adviser 
Charles 
Schultze and made an appointment with AID director John Gilligan to see Gilligan’s candidate to head GPIC (Overseas 
Private Investment Cor­ poration). 
Yet, at 32, lie’s young enough to be the son of most of the men seeking 

 his attention or advice. 
Jordan (pronounced, as you all know by now, 
Jordan) amused the king when he asked him why his country had been mispronouncing its name fur 2,ooo years. At table 
No. 2, w here Ham had carefully been placed, he was asked why his family pronounce it Jordan. 
‘ Ignorance, I guess,” cracked the boy wonder. 

House whip 
John 
Brademas (D.-Ind.) told 
Jordan that Chip Carter had done a splendid job on the congressional trip to the People’s Republic of China, and he de­ scribed their amazement at finding thousands of people in the streets of 
Shanghai upon their arri­ val “ celebrating the pub­ lication of Vol. V of Mao’s works.” (That just shows you how starved they are for literature.) 
Chip Carter looked over the throng and said, 
“ .John. let’s work the crowd.” Brademas then told their interpreter that 
President Carter’s son was there and all the ex­ citement about Vol. V switched to young Carter who is obviously a chip 

 comes to being a political animal. 
Pearl Bailey, who flew in for dinner, was so moved at the thought of seeing the King who had written her a letter a few days earlier about how much Queen Alya had loved her that she paused outside the reception room to pull herself to­ gether. 
Carter’s Ambassador to Belgium Anne Cox 
Chambers was there wearing a small fortune around her neck — a gold collar studded with big cabuchon emeralds and rubies, pearls and dia­ monds. 
And Bob and Joanne 
Herring, who flew in from Houston, were talk- ing about the dinner they 

 were giving for Hussein in Houston two days be­ fore going to Shirley and 
David Anderson’s lun­ cheon for Prince Charles in London. 
“ I have beautiful wo­ men coming from Lon­ don, Rome, Los Angeles and New Y ork,” said 
Joanne who figured the 
King never had any fun at official parties and his male entourage, ‘‘all im­ portant and attractive,” were overlooked every­ where. She was assigning one beauty to a man to be sure he met everyone and had a good time. 
Her foreign beauties were — Lady Tessa Reay, a friend of 
Prince 
Charles; Contessa Chris­ tina Caramati di Cara- mate of Rome; Princess 
Luciana Avedon of L.A. 
(who kept the title of her first husband Pignatelli and the last name of her second divorced husband and is the one who washes her face with Camay); and Dialta Lindsay-Or- lani, another young Ita­ lian countess who lives in 
New York. 
Houston beauties were 
Standard Oil heiress 
Anne Owen; Josephine 
Abercrombie Bryon, one of the richer women in 

K I N G H U SS E IN of Jordan and 
Joan Mondale 
America now separated from her husband; Lor­ aine Girard who was courted by John Warner before he met Liz Taylor; and Sam Houston’s cute great - granddaughter 
Charlotte Taylor who works as Joanne’s Girl 
Frid ay because she fi­ 

 gures that’s where the excitement is. The party was to wind up in the 
Herrings’ oriental-decor­ ated disco called the Se­ duce^. 
Nobody knew, but Hus­ sein called his favorite 
American, 
Page 
Lee 
H n f t v u t? t r i t o n a v . 

 rived in Washington even though he had to track her down out of town. 
Around town 

Elizabeth 
TayldV 
Warner wants to break a horse and make it her very own. She and John are now eyeing a couple of yearlings that haven’t even worn a bridle yet. 
Elizabeth, who looks more plump and content­ ed every day, is still traveling like mad with 
John, though both her hands are so sore from shaking everybody else’s she has to take her secre­ tary to fix her hair. 
And as chairman of the 
Wolf Trap Performing 
Arts Gala on June 2 she’s lined up Beverly Sills, 
Sammy Davis Jr., Liza 
Minnelli, Henry Fonda and ballet dancers Patri­ cia McBride and Jean 
Pierre Bonnefous to per­ form. 
Ivory Coast Ambassa­ dor Timothee Ahoua drinks only tea, never touches coffee, although his country is now the No. 
I producer of coffee in the world due to B ra z il’s weather setbacks. But that’s the only thing Bri­ tish about him. 

 vVe 

Hand Made 

Elegance in I 4k Gold 

 with Your Own 

Personal Diamond Initial. 

165. 

Price will vary due to initials and 

 gold fluctuations. 

Dealers rn Rare Gem Stones 

CuO om 
Manufacturing 
Jew** le u 

 f 

Diam ond Quality You Can Trust 

M asterCharge and BankAmericard W elcom ed 

GLENN F. GRAHAM JR. 
DEBORAH L. BLAIR 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday M ay 8 I 9 7 7 nuptials planned 

Mr. and Mrs. John D. 
Wilson III of New Hart­ ford, N.Y. announce the engagem ent of their dau g h ter, 
Susanne 
Marie, to Joseph Rudolph 
Blazi Jr., son of Mr. and 
Mrs. Joseph R. Blazi. 
The bride-elect is a graduate of John M ar­ shall High School. She is m ajoring in special education at the Univer­ sity of Texas at San An­ tonio. 
Her fiance, formerly of 
H arrisb u rg , P a ., g r a ­ duated from John Mar­ shall High School. He is attending St. P h illip ’s 
College where he is ma- 

DANIEL S. ESPINO 
ROSARIO CERVANTES 
Deborah 
Blair, Miss Cervantes, 

G.F.Graham, Jr. D.S. Espino to be married to recite vows in Baptist vows in Cathedral 

SUSANNE M. WILSON 

 joring in electronics. 
An August wedding is planned in St. Matthew’s 
Catholic Church. 

Summer vows are slated 

Miss Raquel E. Salin­ as, d au g h ter of Mrs. 
Marcella R. Salinas of 
Laredo, is engaged to 
•Alex C. Salinas, son of 
Mr. and Mrs. Alex Salin­ as. 

The bride-elect r e ­ ceived a B.S. degree in pharmacy from the Uni­ versity of Texas at Aus­ tin. 

Her fiance is a candi­ date for May graduation from the University of 
Texas Health Science 
Center at San Antonio where he is a dental stu­ dent. 

RAQUEL E. SALINAS 

An Aug. 6 wedding is planned in Blessed Sa­ crament Church at Lare­ do. 

Mr. arid Mrs. Herbert E. Blair an­ nounce the engagement of their daughter, Deborah Lee, to Glenn Floyd 
Graham Jr., son of Glenn Floyd Gra­ ham. 
The couple graduated from John 
Marshall High School. 

A June 18 wedding is planned in the 
University Park Baptist Church. 

Leyendecker, 

De Winne vows 

 are planned 

Mr. and Mrs. Samuel J. Leyendecker announce the engagem ent of their daughter, Jean Marie, to George P. De 
Winne Jr., son of Mr. and Mrs. George 
P. De Winne. 

The bride-elect is a graduate of Ur- suline Academy in Laredo. She re ­ ceived a B S. degree in business tech­ nology from the University of Houston. 

Her fiance graduated from Antonian 
High School. He will receive a B.S. degree in hotel and restaurant man­ agement in May from the University of 
Houston. 

The couple plans a June wedding in 
Blessed Sacrament Catholic Church. 

Mr. and Mrs. Ramon o. Cervantes announce the engagement of their daughter, Rosario Cervantes, to Daniel 
S. Espino, son of Mr. and Mrs. Richard 
S. Espino. 
The bride-elect is a graduate of 
McCollum High School. Her fiance graduated from Jefferson High School. 
A June 18 wedding is planned in the 
San Fernando Cathedral. 

JEAN M. LEYENDECKER 
GEORGE P. DE WINNE JR. 

Installation dinner set Saturday 

Veterinary Medical As­ sociation of Bexar County will have its annual in­ 

 stallation dinner at 7:3o p.m . S aturday in the 
Anacaeho Room of the St. 

• Keep Rooms tooler 
• Save Air Conditioning 

• Stop Sun Fade 
• Make Class Safer 

(rijoy the view outside, while let­ 

 ting in light without heat glare & fading from the sun! 

SOLflR-'X 
OF SAN ANTONIO 
4o1 ISOM RD. SUITE 21o 
349-6469 

 r — 
- — 
— i 
■ 
WHEN YOU TAKE OUR 
! 
I TEENAGE SEWING COURSE, j 
J YOU’LL TAKE HOME MORE 
TH AN JUST A NEW OUTFIT. J 
I 
IIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIII 

When you take a Singer sewing course, you’ll be amazed at how much you’ll learn about sewing. 
Starting with pattern and fabric selection. Straight through to hems and finishing touches. 
All ending up in a finished garment you make right in class. 
\i 
And once you finish it, there are trophies to take home. 
Classes are small. „ _ 
Instruction is p e rson a l./!?^ 
And we start at the beginning. 
So take our teenage sewing course this summer during our Teenage Sewing Festival. 
And find out why we’re in a sewing class by ourselves. 

SINGER 
SEWING CENTERS 
126 years’ experience is the best teacher. 

 engager**;!*!* * + + , engagements + engage 

Estrada-Monteleone 
Sondergaard-Sorola 

Mr. and 
Mrs. 
Joe 
E stra d a announce the e ng agem en t of their daughter, Estella , to Jo­ seph J. Monteleone of 
Bricktown, N. J. He is the son of Mr. and Mrs. 
Anthony S. Monteleone of 
Dunoon, Scotland. 

The bride-elect is a graduate of John F. Ken­ nedy High School. She is attending the University of Texas Health Science 

Center School of Nursing at San Antonio. 

Her fiance graduated with honors from Texas 
Lutheran College at Se­ guin where he received a bachelor of arts degree in political science and his­ tory. He is a member of 
Alpha Phi Theta. 
A June 17 wedding is planned in the Mormon 
Arizona Temple at Mesa, 
Ariz.. 

Dr. Nils Sondergaard of F re d e ric , Wis. a n ­ nounces the engagement of his d au g h te r, Ayn 
Candace, to Dan Thomas 
Sorola, son of Mr. and 
Mrs. BIM. Sorola of San 
Antonio. 
• The bride-elect g r a ­ duated from the Univer­ sity of Texas at Austin where she received her 
B.A. degree. She r e ­ 

 ceived a B.S. degree in secondary education at 
Southwest Texas State 
University. 
Her fiance is a g r a ­ duate of Southwest Texas 
State University where he received his B A. degree in finance and a 
B.S. degree in secondary education. 
A July 15 wedding is planned in Frederic. 

Stokes-Hilton 
Bond-Cheatle 

Miss Lee Van Vechten 
Stokes and James Robert 
Hilton, both of 
New 
York, plan a Ju n e 18 wedding in Park Avenue 
Methodist Church in New 
York. 

The bride-elect is the daughter of Mrs. Bussu 
Stokes and H arry R. 
Stokes . She is a graduate of Alamo Heights High 
School and Vanderbilt. 

University where she was a member of Delta Delta 
D elta. She is also a m em b er of the Ju n io r 
League of New York. 
Her fiance, son of Mr. and Mrs. William F. Hil­ ton of New Kensington, 
P a ., grad u ated from 
Oberlin College. He gra­ duated cum laude from the University of Michi­ gan Law School. 

Dr. and Mrs. Frank L. 
Bond announce the en­ gagement of their d a u g h te r, R anda Gail 
Bond, to Edgar George 
Cheatle, son of Mr. and 
Mrs. Harry V. Cheatle. 
The bride-elect is a graduate of M acArthur 
High School. She is a can d id ate for A ugust graduation from South­ 

 west Texas State Univer­ sity where she will re ­ ceive a B.A. degree in business administration. 
Her fiance also is a graduate of M acArthur 
High School and is a t­ tending Southwest Texas 
State University. 
The w edding is planned for July 23 in St. 
Andrew’s United Meth­ odist Church. 

Wedding plans are revealed 

Mr. and Mrs. Charles 
Penaloza announce the e ng agem en t of th e ir daughter, Feliz Marie, to 
Kirk Sterling Jarvis of 
Dallas, son of Mr. and 
Mrs. Donald E. Jarvis of 
Dallas. 

The bride-elect g r a ­ duated from U rsuline 
Academy and attended 
Trinity University. She is attending the University of Houston where she is m ajo rin g in hotel and restaurant management. 

Her fiance is a g r a ­ duate of Trinity Univer­ sity. 
June vows to be said by couple 

Mr. and Mrs. Robert 
Douglas announce the en gagem ent of th eir d au g h te r, 
B ridget 
D ianne, to Clem is La 
Raine Jackson Jr., son of 
Mrs. Iona Close and Cle­ mis Jackson. 
The bride-elect is a graduate of Thomas Jef­ ferson High School where she was a member of the 
National Honor Society. 
She received a B B.A. degree in business from the University of Texas at 
Austin. 
Her fiance graduated from La Marque High 
School and the School of 
Pharmacy at the Univer­ sity of Texas at Austin. 

■£ m 'mm 
. v iScr* - -> ..v^r set~.• 

■Stir' 

FELIZ M. PENALOZA 

An early June wedding is planned in St. Gregory the 
G reat 
Catholic 
Church. 

BRIDGET D. DOUGLAS 

He was a member of Al­ pha Phi Alpha. 
A June 25 wedding is planned in 
L aurel 
Heights United Methodist 
Church. 

Weigand-Davis 

Bolf-Dickinson 

Farnsworth-Rankin 

Lt. Col. (ret.) and Mrs. 
Dale 
Harrison 
Farns­ worth announce the en g ag em en t of their daughter, Cynthia Anne, to Steven John Rankin, son of Lt. Col’, (ret.) and 
M rs. W illiam W alter 
Rankin. 

The bride-elect is a 

 g rad u ate of John M ar­ shall High School and at­ tended San Antonio Col­ lege. 
Her fiance is a g r a ­ duate of Roosevelt High 
School and attended San 
Antonio College. 
A June 18 wedding is planned at the home of the bride’s parents. 

Mr. and Mrs. Richard 
Bolf of Poth announce the eng ag em en t of th eir daughter, Teresa Susan 
Bolf, to B'red Kenneth 
Dickinson Jr., son of Mr. and Mrs. Fred K. Dick­ inson. 
The bride-elect is a candidate for May g ra ­ duation from Southwest 
Texas State University where she will receive a 

B.S. degree in education. 
Her fiance graduated from 
R adford 
High 
School in Honolulu. He received a B.S. degree and a M.S. degree in co m p u ter science and m ath from Southwest 
Texas State University. 
A June 18 wedding is planned in Blessed Sa­ crament Catholic Church at Poth. 

Mr. and Mrs. F red er­ ick A. Weigand announce the engagement of their daughter, Kathleen Ann, to Robert Jam es Davis, son of Mr. and Mrs. 
Jam es J. Davis of Austin. 

The bride-elect is a graduate of Oliver Wen­ 

 dell Holmes High School. 
Her fiance is a g r a ­ duate of Reagan High 
School in Austin. He at­ tended San Antonio Col­ lege and Incarnate Word 
College. 
The w edding is planned for June 18 in St. 
Luke’s Catholic Church. 

'W ed d in g and Engagem ent form s a re availab le in the W o m e n ’s D epartm ent 

 more engagements t + » niore fftga 

Hearn-Breda 
Anthony Hotel. 
New officers who will be installed are: Drs. 
Ronald J. Orrell, presi­ dent; R. J e r r y Black, president-elect; Ronald 
D. Anderson, vice presi­ dent; Joe Clay Brown, secretary, and Joe M. 
King, treasurer. 
Dr. Ivan W. Fistwater, superintendent of North 
East Independent School 
District, will be guest speaker. 
Women’s Auxiliary of the association is in charge of decorations. 

Two auxiliary members recently elect­ ed to the statewide Texas 
Veterinary Medical As­ sociation Auxiliary are 
Mrs. R.J. Orrell, presi­ dent, and Mrs. Arthur J. 
Bahme, vice president. 

Nancy 
Jill 
Hearn, daughter of Lynn Elwin 
Hearn and the late Mrs. 
Hearn, is engaged to Mi­ chael Breda, son of Mr, and Mrs. William Joseph 
Breda. 
The bride-elect is a graduate of Thomas Jef­ 

 ferson High School and the University of Texas at Austin. Her fiance- g rad u ated from Sam 
Houston High School. 
The wedding is planned for July 2 in 
G race 
P re sb y te ria n 
Church. 

Driver-Ferran 

Nancy Diane Driver, d a u g h te r of Mrs. Jay 
Howard Driver of Beau­ mont and the late Mr . 
D river, is engaged to 
Gary J. Ferran, son of 
Mr. and Mrs. F ran k 
Ferran. 
The bride-elect is a graduate of Lamar Uni­ 

 versity in 
Beaum ont where she received her 
B.A. degree in English. 
She received her M A. degree in English at the 
University of Texas at 
Austin. 
A June 18 wedding is planned in St. Andrew’s 
Presbyterian Church in 
Beaumont. 

Schiller-Novosad 

Mr. and Mrs. Glen 
Schiller announce the en gagem ent of their daughter, Debra Jean, to 
Byron Lee Novosad, son of Dr. and Mrs. Henry 
Novosad Jr. of Wharton. 
The bride-elect is a graduate of Baylor Uni­ versity w here she m a­ jored in home economics. 

Caballero- 
Consuelo Caballero, daughter of Mrs. Anasta- sio Caballero and the late 
Mr. C aballero, is en ­ gaged to Michael Lewis 
Montoya, son of Mr. and 
Mrs. Victor L. Montoya of Fountain, Colo. 
The bride-elect is a graduate of St. Teresa’s 
Academy and received 

Her fiance graduated from Baylor University with a bachelor of arts degree in chemistry. He is atten d in g the 
University of Texas Den­ tal School at Houston. 

A June 18 wedding is planned in Travis Park 
Methodist Church. 

-Montoya her B.A. degree in socio­ logy from St. M ary’s 
University. 
Her fiance graduated from H ighlands High 
School. 

The w edding is planned for Aug. 6 in 
Sacred H eart Catholic 
Church. 

Garcia-Hernandez 

Mr. and Mrs. Hector 
Garcia announce the en­ gagem ent of their daughter, Sandra Garcia, to Richard T. Hernandez, son of Mr. and Mrs. Je ­ sus Hernadez. 
The bride-elect is a graduate of St. Francis 
Academy and San Anton­ io College of Medical and 
Dental Assistants. 
Her fiance is a g r a ­ duate of Harlandale High 
School and Santa Rosa 
School of Radiologic 
Technolgy. 
He is a member of the American 
Society of Radiologic 
Technologists and holds a certification in X-ray and nuclear medicine. 
The w edding is plannned for Sept. 24 in 
St. Francisco Di Paola 
Catholic Church. 

COME HOME TO G A LLA G H E R S! 
Irish or not . . . you're going to love 
Gallagher's! Come join us for a drink in the Pub . . . stay on for one of the mar­ velous dinners that have made Gal­ lagher's famous: Roast Prime Rib of 
Beef, seafood specialties . . . hot horner baked bread . . . and a sumptuous salad bar. It's a treat you'll want to tell all 
San Antonio about! 

Dinner 7 days a week from 5 :3o 

I TO A T W URZBACH 
UNPAINTED 

Hunt-Brietzke 

Mr. and Mrs. Curtis R. 
Hunt Jr. announce the engagem ent of their daughter, Twila E liza­ beth, to 
Bobbie 
J. 
B rietzke, son of Mrs. 
Lottie Brietzke and the late Harold Brietzke. 
The bride-elect is a candidate for May g ra ­ duation from East Cen­ tral High School. Her 

 fiance grad uated from 
East Central High School and received his B.A. degree in a g ric u ltu re from Southw est Texas 
State University. 

The w edding is planned for June 25 in the 
A nnunciation of the 
Blessed Virgin Mary 
Church in St. Hedwig., 

Armstrong-Leatherwood 

Mr. and Mrs. Murphy 
V. Armstrong announce the engagement of their daughter, Kimberly Ann, to Robert Daniel Leath- erwood J r ., son of Mr. and Mrs. Robert Daniel 
Leatherwood. 

The brid e-elect is a grad uate of Robert E. 
Lee High School. Her fiance graduated from 
Churchill High School. 
The couple plans a July 
23 wedding in Castle Hills 
Christian Church. 
Carter-Ashman 

Mr. and Mrs. H arry 
Carter announce the en­ gagem ent of th eir daughter, Melinda Patri­ cia, to A lfred Abbey 
Ashman, son of Mrs. Ju ­ lia A. Ashman. 
The couple graduated 

 from M acA rthur High 
School and are attending 
San Antonio College. 

The couple will be married in St. Matthew’s 
United 
M ethodist 
Church. 

FURNITURE 

REG. 2o.95 

1 6 
" or 

REG. 2o.95 

1 4 ” 
2/ 32. 

HARDWOOD 
CHAIR 
SALE 

MAPLE, ASH, BEECHWOOD— 

MANY COMBINATIONS, MANY 

STYLES- 

COME IN EARLY FOR THE BEST 

SELECTION! 

REG. 28.95 
22 " 

REG. 21.95 

1 6 ” 

142 S.W. MILITARY • 924-5171 • • 6842 SAN PEDRO • 824-7249 
UMMiMi;» SOMH mood it k m h ik i: 

Son Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sundoy May 8 1977 
P a9 e 
•S' 1 your own 
+ + + doing your own thing + + + doing your own 
Golden oak bookcase-desk is a winner 

Q. “ Will refinishing an oak bookcase-desk combination en­ hance its value?” —Bill, Color­ ado Springs, Colo. 
A. Refinishing one of these turn of the century furniture treasures will place it in the $35o to $5oo category. 
The fancier the model, the higher the value. 
The Golden Oak bookcase-desk com­ bination posed a double threat in the early 19oos when some of the finer specimans sported French bevel glass m irro rs, spacious cupboard areas beneath the desk, double stren g th swell bend doors and eye-catching hand carved elements. 
For those desiring to be different, there was one style consisting of a center desk flanked by a bookcase on eith er side. W hat did they sell for originally? Most models were surpris­ ingly bargain priced at between $7.95 and $27.95! 
China 
Q. 
“ Warwick china keeps popping up at all the m arkets we a tte n d .” 
—Edith and Tom, San Antonio, Tex. 
A. Wheeling, W. Va., was the home of the Warwick China Manufacturing 
Company, active between 1887 and 
1951. 
Their decal decorated wares featur­ ing portraits of women, monks and 
Indians rate as super finds. Other pieces decorated with fruit, floral or fraternal order motifs also command the attention of aware antiquers. 
Presently the pieces produced prior to World War I generate the greatest excitement. However, as they become scarcer the later wares are bound to experience a sim ilar fate. 
Value guide: Mug, monk motif, $34. 

1 
Fie* M AHlfeT ffNds by DAN O' IM FftlO 
J 

Q. “ I must have every old netsuke I can find.” — Vera, Chattanooga, Tenn. 

A. 
These d eco rativ e toggles or fasteners of Jap an ese origin w ere skillfully carved of numerous m ater­ ials including ivory, bone, wood, horn or jade. 

They were an essential ornament in 
Oriental dress until the late 18oos. 
Many different types were produced including a trick netsuke which was w eighted to land u p rig h t when dropped. 
Who carved them ? P ro fessio n al carvers and artisa n s from various fields whose expertise enabled them to create netsukes that qualify as art objects. 
Is it any w onder co llecto rs are hooked on them? Value guide: w arrior figure training horse, circa 187o, $85. 
Doll 
Q. 
“ Where should one look for a mark on an antique doll?” —Louise, 
Lafayette, Ind. 
A. Most m anufacturers placed their mark on the back of the head or the shoulders. However, please do not abandon the hunt until you’ve exa­ mined the inside of the head or soles of the feet. 

Tokens 
Q. “ We stumbled upon a box full of old tokens in the attic” . — Mr. and 
Mrs. T. R., Youngstown, Ohio. 
A. Those who trudge after antique tokens sometimes prefer specializing in a particular category, limiting their collections to e ith e r a d v e rtisin g , commemorative, patriotic or political campaign types. 
, 

Throughout the years they have been made of various m etals such as copper, brass or pew ter. The trade tokens, best described as unofficial coins, have been circulated for centuries. 
Due to their scarcity. Southern to­ kens are especially prized. Assuming that your tokens are not already spoken for. selling them should be an easy chore. 
Value guide: advertising, National 
Cash Register, $5; campaign, Al Smith, 
$22; trade, “ Good For 5 Cent Cigar” $3. 

As you may have guessed, there was no strict adherence to any m arking system. A m ark may be embroidered, w ritten, stam ped, pressed, incised, printed or raised. 
Letters and numbers are frequently an indication of size or mold type. A country of origin usually suggests a date of production subsequent to 1891. 
Marked specim ens are marvelous m oneym akers, so happy hunting! 
Value guide: Kestner, (J.D .) bisque head character doll, Sammy, $31o. 
Portraits 
Q. 
“ Carte-de-Visite cards always prove irresistib le to m e.” —Mike, 
Mobile, Ala. 
A. 
These p o rtrait photographs, usually full length and mounted on a card, were actually the first affordably priced photographs for the masses. 
Napoleon III was more than influen­ tial in popularizing cartes in France, while in m erry old England an album of cartes featuring the Royal family in 
186o had fellow countrymen standing in line at local photography establish* 
Dash those flames 

' • f 
‘ f 
. 
' ;7 .T ; 
- 
' 
• on your barbeque 

The backyard cookout has be­ come a national institution in 
America. The onset of spring w eather sends fathers every­ where to the outdoors wearing cooks’ hats and aprons. 
The smell of cooking ham burgers, hot dogs, brats, even steaks, fills the air. But then, only too often, comes the flam es to in cin erate w h at’s being grilled. 
Most meats contain a goodly amount of fat. In fact, the best steaks are li­ berally marbled with it. 
When this fat becomes liquid as a result of the heat, it drips on the coals, catches fire and shoots the flames up to the food being grilled. 
Here s a simple, effective, and inex­ pensive way to minimize this problem. 
Ingredients 

You’ll need one teaspoon of sodium chloride (table salt), one teaspoon sodium bicarbonate (baking soda) and a pint (16 fluid ounces) of water. 
Mix the salt and soda into the water and transfer solution into plastic spray bottle. To use. direct stream at base of flame. You’ll find it far more effective than plain w'ater. 
Besides the satisfaction you get by making your own products for personal or home care, most formulas are real money-savers that enable you to beal the prices of store-bought items. 
Like any chemical product you use at home, you should store this one safely, 

By 
NORMAN H. STARK 

 label it — listing ingredients and not­ ing any cautions — and keep it out of reach of children. 

If you enjoy THE FORMULA, you’ll love the excitin g new dim ension offered by Norm S ta rk ’s the first 
PRACTICAL PYRAMID BOOK - complete with its own workable pyra­ mid. 

You’ll be able to harness free pyra­ mid power for hundreds of scientifi­ cally tested procedures for beauty, health, gardening, food dehydration and meditation. Send your payment of 
$5.95 (postpaid) to PYRAMID, care of the Express-News, Box 2171, San An­ tonio, Tex., 78297. 

Also available: The Formula Book. 
The Form ula Book 2, and slipeased sets of I and 2 — $5.95 each or $11.9o for the set. Please indicate which volume, and mail to the above address. 

Your tuck with the is 

'Monday# May 9, 1977 

YOUR B IR TH D A Y T O D A Y : 
Take othing for granted this year. All things re negotiable or renegotiated in the rush f fresh initiative, problem solving effort. 
The range of your imagination and re- ponse to challenge broaden, include ae­ ons you couldn't take a short while ago. 
Relationships are brought to common- ense terms by external factors you ca n ’t jMy control. 
Many of today's natives begin in ohs- urity or poverty and make themselves ainous bv persistent hard work. 
ARIES (March 21-April 19): 
A tte r arty surprises, unexpected ideas, capi- alize on what you figure out as you set lings right. Accepting people as they are aves a valuable connection. 
TAURUS (April 2o-May 2o): 
Older folk re certain they have superior knowledge r skill, create obstacles. Get beyond their ange of action. What happens liberates ou from obligation. 
GEM IN I (May 21-June 2o): 
Y o u r olatiie mood plus annoying distraction polls the fun. Let trivial issues, inane emarks go unanswered. W ork off sleam n sidelines, solitary walks. 
CA N C ER (June 21-JulV 22): 
Pu sh eats, career. You have m ore support ion appears, more coming if you hold our temper. Realize you aren ’t the target 
>r any destructive intentions. 
LEO (July 23-Aug. 22): 
Take advan- age of instinctive moves that set you part from others. Be alert, avoid the rror of losing contact with people you ped later if not now. 
VIRGO (Aug. 23-Sept. 22): 
Hidden dis- 

By 

JEANE DIXON 

 crepancies are suddenly obvious. 
P e r­ sonal promotion depends on your attitude, how you related to those nearby despite failure to see eye to eye. 
LIBRA (Sept. 23-Oct. 22): 
Rate opin­ ions according to your experience with people who offer them. Keep spending low-key. Don’t rise to the bait of teasing or practical iokes. 
SCORPIO (Oct. 23-Nov. 21): 
Strike a balance between com plex dem ands of loved ones and livelihood. Stooping to argue about m oney upsets sch edules; defer the confrontation or purchase. 
SAGITTARIUS (Nov. 22-Dec. 21): 
Be ready to abandon many projects, switch appointments, take oft in a fresh d ire c­ tion. Preparations are skim py; you get little of the help promised. 
CAPRICORN (Dec. 22-Jan. 19): 
Put seldom-used reserves into play. By stick­ ing near home base, you’re in a better position to pick up work drop p e d by others. Be sure Ifs tem porary. 
AQUARIUS (Jan. 2o-Feb. IS): 
Y o u r program encounters resistance, comment, some of It well meant, some based on misunderstanding. You sim ply talked too much, raised unrealistic hopes. 
PISCES (Feb. 19-March 2o): 
New ca r­ eer effort has an uneven but productive 
Start. Challenge arises in an odd form , so don’t invent any schem es. A new job taken now has great potential. 

 merits. 
In the United States the carte flour­ ished in the Civil War era. The Ameri­ can firm of E. & H.T. Anthony & Com­ pany obliged those smitten with “car- tom ania” by issuing more than 1,ooo prints daily. 
Value guide: P resid en t Andrew 
Johnson, $15. 

Appraise your antiques with Dan 
DTmperio’s book and value guide “ The 
ABC’s of Victorian Antiques,” Dodd, 
Mead & Co., $9 95. An autographed copy may be ordered from the Crown 
Syndicate, Inc., Express-News, Box 
2171, San Antonio, Tex. 78297. Please send a check or money order. 
• 

Current juices 

Kodak cam era. No. 4, P anoram ic............................................................ $125.oo 
Wicker tea cart, circa 19oo......................................................................... $175 OO 
Chesterfield cigarette ad, cardboard. Ruth R om an.............................. $1o.oo 
Mickey & Minnie Mouse throw rug, 193os............................................... $75 OO 
Art Deco lamp, nude holding ashtray, metal, 18" tall........................... $55.oo 
Remember the Maine paperweight............................................................ $48oo 
Sears ISAVE11% to 25% 

Open Hearth draperies: ready made or made-to-measure 
Perma-Presl ready-mades 
YOUR CHOICE 14” 
Regular $ 1 9 .9 9 pr. 
5 o x 8 I in. long 
Pick nubby textured Rustique in 6 colors. Rayon and polyester for easy care. Or crewel print look Gramercy, of cotton and polyester, 4 hues. Both styles are ma­ chine washable, need no ironing when tumble dried. 
The perfect complement to any room. 

Other sizes of both draperies 

Size 
Ken- P rice s a m ; 
Size 
Keg. P rice 
SAM , 

5ox81 in. 
$ 19.99 
I 1,99 
125x84 in. 
$ 6 2 .9 9 
5 2 .9 9 

75x81 in. 
$ 3 9 .9 9 
3 3 .9 9 
1oox84 in. 
I wav draw 
$ 5 2 .9 9 
4o.99 

1oox84 in. 
$ 19.99 
12.99 
I 
...... 
.................................. 

Choose Open Hearth made-to-measure 2o% Off 

For odd-size windows, order 
Rustique or Gramercy draper­ ies—great lengths and widths, great fit! Great savings, too! 

Save on coordinating Rustique panels, washable for easy care 
S U P ) ft tx 1o-in, panel ..... .’U P) 
$ 1 o .o 9 84x82-in . panel ... 8 .9 9 

Coordinating Rustique bed­ spreads in full, queen aud king. 
$ 3 1 .9 9 full .......................... 2 7 .9 9 
$ I 1.99 queen ...................... ta .99 
$ 5 2 .9 9 king ......................... 4 1 .9 9 

“SLH! 
.IJJ*TV: 

Ask about Sears credit plans 

Sale Prices (.nod thru Sat., May 21st 

Decorative room dark­ ening; shade 
66 
Reg. $ 7 .9 9 
.*$ 7 xl»-iii. 5 

Fits windows 37‘4 in. x (> ft. long, or we cut to fit! Iii I colors. All fiber glass for easy care. Other sizes also available. 
Stock up now on shade needs. 

9 9 MixO-in. 
$1 1.99 55x6-i«. 
$ 2 2 .9 9 73xO-in. 

. 8 .5 5 
I I.O(i 
15.oo 

3 o -5 2-iu. wood-look traverse rod .................. 13.99 
Other sizes also available 

JL 
I A f 
JL J i 
1/3 OFF! 
Imperial Satin 
Drapery fabric 

Rich and regal drapery fabric that adds distinction to any set­ ting. Made of rayon and acetate, in over a hundred shimmering colors. 
Vs OFF Thermal Lining 
4o% OFF Coordinating Sheei 
Drapery Fabric 
25% OFF Upholstery 
Fabric Selection 

Call Sears for Free Estimate 
• draperies 
• upholstery 
Downtown Plaza 
2 2 8 -1 1 2 3 

 di pro vers bedspreads 
Military l)ri\e 
2 2 8 -5 o 2 3 

• window shades 
• woven woods 
Central Park 
228-5123 

Where America shops 
Prices iii Effect thru Saturday, May 31st 

SEARS, ROEBUCK AND CO. 

Satisfaction Guaranteed or Your Money Back 

Downtown Plaza Store 
Soledad at Navarro 
Mon. and Thtir*. 9:3o-o 
All other days 9:3o-6 

Military Drive Store at Pleasanton Rd. 
Mon. thru Sat. 
9:3o-9 

Central Park Store 
San Pedro at Loop 41o 
Mon. thru Sat. 
9:3o-9 

% r- 

SAVE MORE MONEY WITH 
THESE SUPER SPECIALS 

Prices good in San Antonio and Universal City thru 

May l l , 1977. We reserve the right to limit quan­ 

 tities. None sold to dealers. 

" E a c h o f th e s e a d v e rtis e d ite m s is r e q u ir e d to b e re a d ily avert 

 a b le fo r s a le at or b e lo w th e a d v e r tis e d p r ic e in e a c h s to re . e x c e p t a t s p e c ific a lly n o te d in th is a d " 

We Welcome 
Federal Food 
Stamp Customers 

VALUABLE COUPON WORTH M OO 

TO W A R D T H E P U R C H A S E O f T H IS W E E K S F E A T U R E D ITEM 

CASSEROLE W ITH COVER 

Our Reg Discount Price 
.. 
$19 99 
Coupon Savings a OO 

Y o u r P r i c e (w ith c o u p o n ) $ 1 5 . 9 9 

In the pattern o f your c h o ic e 

C O U P O N S O O S T H R U 5 - 1 1 - 7 7 

 farmer Jones 

I Tasty 
Franks 

12-oi. 
Pkg- 

Butterball or Armour Any Size 

I Hen 
Turkeys lb. 

 lean Meaty, Beef 
Short 

Ribs is 

Cut into 9-11 Chops 
Quarter 
Pork loin u. 

Garden Fresh 

Crisp 
- 
O 
C 
Cucumbers Af,, 
Jf 

2 fo r 
2 
^ 

 large Crisp 

Bell 

Peppers 

Fresh 

Tender 

Radishes 
C 

Full of Flavor 

Green 
^ 

Onions for 

THIS W EEK'S 
FEATURED ITEM 

DINNER 
FORK 

CHOOSE EITHER « 
RHINELAND' OR * 
VALHALLA' 
J 
PATTERN i 

J 
J ? 

In Oil 
Chicken Of 
The Sea 
Tuna 

6i/2-oz. 
Can 

Red Dart 
Cream Style 

McCall's Cookbooks 

On Sale Today! 
On Sale This Week 
Volume 16 
"Home Baked" 

 e.99c 

Piggly Wiggly 
Low Fat 
Milk 

Vi-Gal. 
Ctn. 

All Varieties, 
Except Classic, Frozen 
Totino's 

13-oz. 
Pkg. 

VALUABLE* COUPON 

S A V E 2 5 * 

When you buy one (I) 32 oz. Refill 

Cattie Pre Wash 
Spray-N-Wash 

With this coupon. Coupon 

Expires May 14,1977. 

VALUABLE COUPON ll 

S A V E M . O O 

When you buy one (I) 4o-Lb. Bag Alamo 
Dog Food 

With this coupon. Coupon 

Expires May 14,1977. 

VALUABLE COUPON 

S A V E 2 5 * 

When you buy one (I) 27 ox. btl. 

Johnsons Acrylic 
W AX 

With this coupon. Coupon 

Expires May 14, 1977. 

VALUABLE COUPON 

SAVE 25* 

When you buy one (I) Qt. Jar Kraft 
Mayonnaise 

With this coupon. Coupon 

Expires May 14, 1977. 

VALUABLE COUPON 

S A V E 5 o * 

When you buy one (I) 2.7 oz. Pkg. 

Raid Solid 
Insecticide 

With this coupon. Coupon 

Expires May 14, 1977. 

S.A. is studied for cement plant 

The San Antonio area is on the list of three possible sites for a new General Portland Inc. ce­ ment plant, a spokesman con­ firmed. 

Dw ight Sm ith, public re la tio n s rep resen tativ e for the cem ent and concrete products m anufacturer, said he could not reveal the th ree sites under consideration. 

He added, however, “ It is fair to say that sites in your part of the state are on the list, closer to San Antonio than 
Houston, where the old plant was. 

“ We have no plans that fall within the city limits (of San Antonio) hut at least one site is in the San Antonio area.” 

The plans were announced last week by Jam es B. Landrum, president and chief executive officer for G eneral 
P o rtlan d Inc. at an annual s h a re ­ 

 holders* meeting in Dallas. 

The new plant, designed to serve the com pany’s Central and South Texas markets, would bt' built when suitable financing could be a rra n g e d , stockholders were told. 

It is needed, Landrum said, to re ­ place cap acity lost when G eneral 
Portland’s Houston plant was closed in early April after 51 years of operation. 

The Houston facility could not feasi­ bly be put into efficient operating 

 conditions stated in a court order re­ sulting from an environm ental case, 
Landrum explained. 

General Portland operates eight ce­ ment plants, including two plants each in Texas and Florida, and one each in 
Tennessee, Kansas, Ohio and Calif­ ornia. 

The company also markets concrete products and aggregates in Texas and 
Louisiana. 

Express-News 
Business & 
Finance 

Most com plete business coverage In South Texas 

Sunday May 8 1977 
Page 
I G 

THE AVERAGE illegal alien on his w a y to San Antonio does m ig rant farm w ork until he gets h ere, and then he m elts into the labor force 

The faceless problem 

By PICHARD ERICKSON 
/ 
E X PR ESS-N fW S BUSINESS EOITOR 
There is a hidden, under­ ground work force in Bexar 
County numbering as many as 
5o,ooo persons, a work force constantly in fear of arrest and deportation. 
They are the illegal aliens, most of whom came to San Antonio with golden dream s of a better standard of living. 
But, it is believed, in coming to the 
Alamo City they take away jobs from local residents and lower the wage structure by working harder, longer and for less money and benefits. 
The problem is no one knows for sure — with supporting evidence —- just exactly what effect illegal aliens have on San Antonio’s economy. 
Dr. Gilbert Cardenas, now an assis­ tant professor of economics at Pan Am 
University in Edinburg, attem pted to find out. 
As part of his doctorate thesis for the 
University of Illinois, Cardenas, a San 
Antonio native, spent nearly two years investigating the illegal alien situation in the Alamo City. 
He interviewed more than UMM) per­ sons locally, including m anagers, go­ vernment officials, workers and more than IOO persons who admitted being in the United States illegally. 
His research, completed in 1976, is now being studied by the Department of Labor in Washington, D.C. 
Some of Cardenas’ conclusions, sup­ ported in part by data from the U.S. 
Im m igration and N aturalization Ser­ vice, are startling and directly opposed to many publically held beliefs. 

The average illegal alien in San An­ tonio, Cardenas’ research shows, is a young man, between 19 and 34 years of age, with no formal education. 
Most came from the Mexican states of Guanajuato, Jalisco or Coahuila only 

 six months before, crossing the bonier near Laredo or Eagle Pass most cases, walked to San Antonio to be hidden by friends or relatives on the West Side. 
Some 79.8 per cent were working before they left Mexico in some type of agricultural employment and contin­ ued as m ig ran t w orkers until they reached San Antonio. 
But once here, the illegal aliens en­ tered the local labor m arket in the wholesale or re ta il trades, service occupations or the construction in­ dustry in low-level positions. 
“ They a re em ployed usually as dishwashers, maids, in factories, meat packing plants and the like, but, in any case, in occupations that very few people desire and most feel is hazar­ dous or unfavorable,” Cardenas said. 
Surprisingly, the illegal alien, ac­ cording to (he study, is not exploited in the area of w ages in San Antonio, earning an average of $2.15 an hour which was, at the time, above the fe­ deral minimum wage. 
What effect? 

And what effect does this have on the citizen worker and his wages? There is an im pact, C ardenas said, but how much of one is not clearly known. 
“We don’t know to what extent the increm ent is ,’’ said the econom ist. 
“ San Antonio is characterized by a low wage structure and, if the illegal alien was responsible for it, I would think only the occupations that they were working in would be lower than other jobs in sim ilar cities. 
“ But in the study, in comparison to sim ilar labor m ark ets of Phoenix, 
Ariz., Dayton, Ohio, and Knoxville, 
Tenn., all occupations from laborer to the professional m anager are lower here.” 
It was not clear whether illegals were displacing citizen w orkers, he said. They w ere w o r k i n g , in m ost cases, in jobs that were far superior to 

 f& 
I 

I 
DR. GUBERT CARDENAS 

 employment they had left in Mexico bul in jobs considered inferior by 
American-born workers. 
“ It is interesting that these people do displace workers, particularly Mexi- can-Amcrican w orkers, in the sense they are holding jobs,” the professor said. 
“ But tho question is, ‘Would those workers take those jobs in the absence of illegal aliens?’ We don't know that.” 
Dr. Vernon B rig g s, professor of economies at the University of Texas al Austin, doesn’t think they would. 
“The citizen worker doesn’t believe that he has to do this kind of work for that kind of pay,” he said. 
“ I'm convinced that any group you would like to pick out is quite willing to become garbage collectors if, as in 

San Francisco and New York, you are willing to pay them $23,11(1o a year to do it.” 
But, Briggs said, under current poor working conditions and lack of unioni­ zation, the citizen worker would rather go on welfare or move to other labor markets. 
Illegal aliens in San Antonio. C ar­ denas’ study reveals, are not on any type of welfare program at all, gener­ ally speaking. His research indicated the only public assistance they sought was health care from Bexar County and Robert B. Green hospitals. 
Not alarmed 
The study also reveals most of the citizen workers in tho trades in which illegal aliens are most likely to seek work were not alarm ed at tin* compe­ tition. 
“ Workers had very little reaction.” 
C ardenas explained. “ Most of the co m plaints cam e from M exican- 
American workers who said they did not mind tilt' allen being here as long us he stayed in the secondary labor market and secondary jobs. 
“ The problem cam e w henever a chance for a promotion came up and the illegal alien was up for it Then the 
M exican-Am eriean resident worker would call im m igration to turn tilt* illegal in.” 
When the illegal “ voluntarily de­ parts.” primarily on 
U.S. airline flights to Mexico C ity, he is not charged with a crim e or punished in any way. Most will return. 
The local division of the immigration service estim ates there are between 
25.IMM) and 5o,ooo illegal aliens in Bexar 
County, according to Hist Dir. Joe F. 
Staley. 
Staley admits, however, the figure is suspect, explaining it is compiled from complaints and tips to his service. 
The main problem in the illegal alien 

Let the sun heat your swimming pool 

By LAWRENCE FELLOWS 

N E W YORK t im e s n e w s s e r v ic e 
BLOOMFIELD, Conn. - After three years, my solar-heated swimming pool has become respectable. 
Now I can say that I was never an ecology nut or a mad inventor: I just wanted to be warm. 
I was not even aware until recently, when President Carter began his heavy campaign for a more sensible energy plan, that I had been acting in the national interest. 
Now I can run without em barrass­ ment across the lawn to my pool and disappear into the mist that clings to its surface at this time of year, much as it does to a steaming hot spring. 
Fifteen years ago, when I lived in 
Israel, I observed that every other house had a simple solar collector on the roof, to heat the household water. 
They cost about 3oo Israeli pounds each, which was then the equivalent of 

$1o1). 
My family and I lived for a short while in Cyprus, in Lawrence Durrell's house in a lovely little mountain vil­ lage called Bellapais. 
As Durrell was enjoying rather con­ siderable success with his book, “ Ju s­ tine,” he certainly did not have to save money on his hot water system ; he could afford the best. 
Lead pipe system 
His system was an exposed lead pipe that ran the full length of his roof, from the cistern at the back down a very gentle slope to a hole above the kitchen in the front, exposed the whole way to the warm Mediterranean sun. 

By the time it got to the kitchen sink, unless it was kept running, the water was boiling. 
When I built my pool three years ago. I asked my garage m an, Rene 
Vasquez, if he was satisfied with his gas-fired pool heater, as I wanted one like it. 
“You can have it,” he said. “ I can't afford to run it. It costs me $(it( a month, even in July and August.” . 
I did not take it. I thought instead of 
Israel and Cyprus, and fashioned a solar heater of my own for about $28o. 
Let sun shine 
The principle could not be simpler. 
To understand it, paint the inside of a cigar box with flat black paint, cover the top of the box with a piece of glass, and let the sun shine in. 
Or more sim ply, w ear som ething black and sit with the sun on you in a parked car with the windows rolled up. 
Collecting heat is easy. Transferring it from one place to another is a bit of a problem. 
Storing the heat is a snap when you are heating a swimming pool, for heat can be stored best in water. This 35,ooo gallon storage tank costs me nothing extra. 

To get the heat I would need for that much w ater, on the fringes of the sw im m ing season, from A pril to 
October, two friends in' the heat-en­ gineering business calculated that the pool would need IOO square feet of solar collecting surface. 
“ You are not going to m ake this place look like ‘Sanford and Son,’” my wife enjoined. 
Owner denies story on hotel expansion 

William Ochse, owner of the St. Anthony Hotel, has denied published reports that he was about to expand the famous downtown hotel. 
A statewide magazine reported Ochse had plans to build a “ new St. Anthony tower (and) expects to pay $5o,ooo per room for the new construction.” 
“We don’t want any publicity about it at all,” Ochse said. “We said vocally that we want to build it if we get the financing and I’m in the throes of trying to gel financing.” 
The hotel owner added any announcement now “ would be prem ature,” citing recent Express-News revelations about building plans “ which fell through after a huge amount of publicity,” he said. 
“ We have had these plans for two years but anything you would print, I would have to deny,” Ochse said. 
“ It is definitely not a reality, we do not have financing arranged and have no plans completed at the present tim e,” he said. 

To make it look fairly respectable, I built four collectors instead of one, and set them up as panels in my fence. 
They are 4 feet by 8 feet for two rea­ sons: Pool fences have to be four feet high in Connecticut, and just about everything sold in the hardware stores and lumberyards these days is cut to this standard size. 
The shallow boxes are of l-inch-by-6-inch cedar boards, expen­ sive but durable. The back of each box is covered with cedar pickets, so that the whole thing looks like a fence, at least from the back. 
Because the pickets are uneven and leave spaces through which the heat could escape, I lined the boxes with rigid, 4-foot-by-8-foot sheets of polyur­ ethane foam, scrounged from a friend. 
The front of each box is covered with a 4-foot-by-8-foot sheet of polycarbon­ ate, a clear, strong plastic that traps the sun’s warmth and is more im per­ vious than glass to wild-flying birds and hailstones. Secondhand storm windows would have been cheaper. 
When they are not in use, the panels are locked to cedar posts, so they stay upright and serve as a fence. 
When the sun is out and the pool needs heating, they pivot on pieces of galvanized pipe in the fence posts, and can be swung out and propped up at any angle to catch the rays of the sun 
— closer to the horizon in April, high above in July. 

Heat transfer 

To tra n sfe r the heat from those boxes to the pool, a plastic pipe from the water filter was woven through alb four panels, from one panel through to connecting piece of galvanized pipe to the next panel, and back to the pool as hot, filtered water. 
But the plastic pipe could not be coiled in the panels as tightly as need­ ed, nor could it gather enough heat, so 
I replaced it eventually with scrap pieces of finned, copper pipe from the inside of a baseboard radiator. 
When the sun is out, and it is out more in winter than in summer, I get as much as a degree of added heat in my pool each hour. 
In April and October, I might lose two or three degrees on a cold night, so it is a slow-moving war at that tim e of year. By the end of April, I am making considerable headway each day. 
By the end of May, when everyone else* with a pool is just venturing into the chilly waters, the tem perature in mihe is approaching a comfortable 78 degrees and all due to solar energy. 

You get rich quicker with a Bexar County Savings certificate because you earn more sooner. Shorter terms make the difference. 
Look. Certificates that take 6-1o years to mature elsewhere, mature in just two years at Bexar County Savings. Compare our rates and terms, lf you’d rather get rich sooner than later, get a Bexar 
County Savings savings certificate. 

CURRENT 
RATE 
PER ANNUM 

MINIMUM 
DEPOSIT 
LENGTH OF 
DEPOSiT 
ANNUAL 
YIELD 
MATURITY 
YIELD 
7.75% 
S1Goo 
24 MONTHS 
8.o5% 8.37% 
7.5o% 
$1ooo 
18 MONTHS 
7.79% 7.94% 
7% 
$1ooo 
12 MONTHS 
7.25% 7.25% 
6.75% 
$1ooo 
6 MONTHS 
6.98% 
6.25% 
$1ooo 
FROM DATE OF 
DEPOSIT TO DATE 
OF WITHDRAWAL 6.45% 
5.75% 
$25 
FROM DATE OF 
DEPOSIT TO DATE 
OF WITHDRAWAL 5.92% 

Savings in by the 2oth earn from the 1st. 

13oo McCreiest 
Shopping City, 
San Antonio, 
Texas 
78223 
532-3136 

* 
San Antonio EXPRESS-NEW S— Sunday M ay 8 1977 
Soaring tuition slacks off 

NEW YORK — One key area where inflation is slowing down a little is the cost of sending a child to college. 
Tuition fees are still going up. But the important fact for trrnd-w ateliers is that the increase is not as big this year as it was last year and the year before. 
The average cost of sending a child to college in September will rise only 
4..'I per cent, according to a study by the College Scholarship Service. That s the lowest average in five years. 
Last year, costs went up 7.5 per cent, and the year before, 8.8 per cent. In 
1973-74, costs were rising an appalling 
17.3 per cent. 
There’s no guarantee that the rate of increase will continue to slow. It all depends on what happens to prices elsewhere in the economy. But the signs are good. 
Scholarship money 
Another encouraging fact is that scholarship money is increasing far more rapidly than college costs. The total amount available for financial aid 

Staying Ahead 

By Jane BrycintQuinn 

 will rise about ll per cent this year, on top of a 12 per cent increase last year. 
With college enrollments on the de­ cline, that m eans more m oney to spread among fewer students. 
A parent who’s having trouble get­ ting aid for his child may find it hard to believe that scholarship money is more widely available than ever be­ fore. But it is. 
The College Scholarship Service es­ timates that the amount of money gi­ ven for all kinds of financial aid in the 
1977-78 school year will be $1o.3 billion dollars. 
There's a real awareness on the part of financial aid officers that the middle classes need more help with tuition payments. Elizabeth Suehar, director 

 of financial aid services for CSS, told my associate Anne Colamosca. 
If grant money isn't available,- they’re trying to help these students get bigger loans. “ The colleges are beginning to realize that even higher- income fam ilies have a problem nowadays,” Suehar says. 

State colleges 
State universities continue to offer the best value to parents on a tight budget, since they cost about 4o per cent less than a comparable private school. 
The table below shows the average cost next year for a student living on campus at various types of institutions 
(including tuition, room, board, books. 

M au d fa si 

THIS exhibit stand w as designed and constructed by Mayfair Exhi­ bits, a new, San Antonio-based firm which uses the “ Syma Process" for q u ick co n str u c tio n o f s ta n d s . 
Southwestern Bell is using this 2 o o square foot stand to introduce the firm’s new array of design line te le p h o n e s at the 
San 
Antonio 
H om e, Flower and G arden Show at the Convention Center. 

@ design line 

 ii fa ............. 
J * - c X 
X 
« 
■ 
Bk, I 
^ 
EJ: 

4 « S 8 ! 2 
* i i 'IPF 

I 

 tran sp o rtatio n , and personal ex ­ penses): 

INSTITUTION 
AVERAGE EXPENSES 
Public 2-year 
, . . . , ..............$2,55o 
Private 2-year..................................4,o15 
Public 4-year........................ 
2,9o6 
Private 4-year..................................4,811 
The highest tuition reported at any undergraduate institution is $5,5oo, at 
Vermont’s Bennington College. 
With room and board added in, the yearly expenses at 16 schools will be more than $7,ooo. 
Combined costs per year at 
Massachusetts Institute of Technology are $7,95o; at Brown University, $7.83(1; at the University of Pennsylvania, 
$7,575, and at Stanford, $7,365 
A student who lives at home and commutes to college will not save as much money as you might think. He still has to pay for tuition, books, fees and meals (at college or home), and his transportation expenses will be higher than if he lived on campus. 
The colleges estimate that a student might save only $3oo or $4oo by living at home (but a determ ined penny pincher should he able to do belier than that). 
Deserving slurivni 
A high-cost college is not totally out of the question for families of modest means. The higher the tuition, the more a college is willing to grant a deserving student. 
Furthermore, high-cost colleges of­ ten have more money available for financial aid than low-cost colleges, 
Suehar says. 
The sm a rt son or dau gh ter of a low-income family, or a middle-in- come family with heavy expenses, might well be accepted at a top school and given aid for two-thirds of the cost. 
It’s not a sure thing, but if s worth trying. 
For a rundown of the costs at some 
2,75o colleges and other post-secondary institutions, write for “ Student Ex­ penses 1977-78,’ published by the Col­ lege Entrance Examination Board. It costs $4, from College Board Publica­ tion Orders. Item Number 3179435, Box 
2815, Princeton, N.J. o854o. 
Rodeo receipts will be revealed 

Reports on the success of tilt' 
San Antonio Livestock Show and 
Rodeo will be made at the an­ nual meeting Thursday at the 
Family Center at Joe Freeman 
Coliseum. 
T here will be a cocktail period, starting at 11:3o a.m.. with a meal to be served about 12:15 p.m. 
New officers and directors also will be elected at the Thursday meeting. 
The show has made a profit in each of its 28 years in San Antonio. Re­ venues have been used to construct additional buildings inutile coliseum grounds. 
Except for some rain in the early morning hours of the opening day, the 
1977 show was blessed with good weather. 
Reagan Brown, Texas commissional of agriculture, will be the speaker at the spring round-up of the Greater San 
Antonio Cham ber of C om m erce’s 

Cattle Clatter 

Farm and Ranch Committee at the 
Je rse y Lilly Room of the Pearl 
Brewing Co. at noon June 8. 
The m eeting originally was scheduled for Thursday, but the date was changed because of the meeting of the stock show leaders the same day.5 
Brown w as appointed agriculture commissioner after John C. White was appointed deputy secretary of agricul­ ture for the United States. 
Tickets for the round-up are $3.5o each, and reservations can be made by calling the chamber. 
Cards also have been sent out to 

 members of the committee for reser­ vations. 
A training session to qualify farmers and ranchers for a j ertifn ate for res­ tricted pesticide use w ill fie"held at the auction arena of 
Union Stock Yards al 7 p.m. Thursday. 
Thurman J. Kennedy, Bexar County extension agent, Said a private appli­ cator’s license will he required for purchase and use of some agricultural pesticides after October 1977. 
The Thursday meeting will qualify those attending for the private appli­ cator’s license, 

Takes the worry oui of tie i ng closed 

Kennedy said the req u irem en ts come under Environmental Protection 
Agency rules. 

He added that most agricultural pesticides and almost all home and backyard garden products will be classified for general use and can be purchased without a private applica­ tor's license. 

Those attending the meeting will re­ gister before the program starts. 

After the program those attending will make application for the certified applicator licenses with the represen­ tative uf tile Texas D epartm ent of 
Agriculture present. 

The licenses will be issued after processing in Austin by the depart­ ment. 

Kennedy said discussion items will include pesticide laws, labels, pesti­ cide safety, calibration of equipment and insect and pest damage. 

The 
Comal 
County 
Young Farm ers chapter will hold its second an­ nual awards banquet at 
7:3o p.m. May 17 at Can­ yon High School. 
Allen Arfstein, presi­ dent. said the banquet is held to recognize publicly m em b ers, individuals and organizations which have supported the 
Young Farmers Assn. 
Membership in the Co­ mal group is made up of individuals from Guada­ lupe, Hays and Conv-*! counties. 

'ilk ’ 
' v 
' g ' t.,v 
S A v A t f ia f y c rKXAS' * 
"* 
. 
'H.. 

MERCANTILE BANK 

JU^S$Yh£NKEY ' . A i 

Hours: 12 to 12 to 12. 

Mercantile Banks Money Machine is always open — every day, every night, every hour. And with just the touch of your finger, you can do all of your banking at our 24-hour 
Money Machine. 

Ifs Easy. Insert your personal 
Money Machine card and it ll do the rest. In seconds, you'll be on your way again. 

Its Smart. Withdraw cash, make deposits, ask about your balance or transfer funds from either your checking or savings account. Money 
Machine will know you and your accounts personally. 

It's Always Open. So, if you don't see the lights on inside the bank, don't worry, we're not closed. 
Money Machine's always open, outside the bank. 

UPTOWN BANK. 
UPTOWN BANKING. 

CLASSIFIED D ISPLA Y 
Marketplace 

GMC TRUCKS 
4 Wheel Drive, Short & 
Long Wheel Base Van- rinras Si Suburbans. 
TINDALL & SON 
Pontiac, CMC 

Lone Star Livestock 
Commission Co. 
623-52oo 

AI,MAC Const Co 
Ail Types of Steel Bidgs 
656-o881 

Straw 

Page 

Fitts sfssSi 

Rust 

Hummel 

Crosby 

 m m 
Schneider 
Jim Wells has been promoted to district manager for Scott Paper Co. His area includes 
San Antonio, Austin, Corpus Christi and the Rio 
Grande Valley. 
David M. Bernadin, outgoing director of San 
Antonio-based Winn’s Stores Inc., has been recognized for eight years of service to the 
Winn’s board. 
Millard Stetler has been named operations m anager for 1776 In c .’s four re sta u ra n ts. 
Managers and assistant managers of the four restaurants are Tom Reeves and Pete Reedy, 
Mama’s. Jon Lindskog and Terry Trucked- miller, Avery’s, Charlie Engels and Artee 
Meyer. The Backyard and Millard Stetler and 
Susan Reeves. Cappy’s. 
Robert J. Schneider, certified commercial lender, has been appointed vice president and loan officer for Alamo Heights National Bank. 
Other appointments at Alamo Heights National 
Bank are George Straw, assistant cashier; 
Ann Bryan, loan accounting officer; Stella 
Hethcock, customer service officer; Joanne 
Van Cleave, customer service officer, and 
Claudia Malitz, accounting officer. 
Marilee Leach and Carlos P. Torres have joined the staff of Life Underwriters, Penn Mu­ tual Life Insurance Co. George Zamber has been named assistant general agent for the firm 
•and 
A rthur P. McCauley and Owen R. 
Slidenberger have qualified for Top Club Con­ ference. 
Bradford S. Page, administrative officer at Frost National Bank, has been elected assistant secretary of FrostBank Corp. of San 
Antonio. 
Ina B. Blackwell has been elected vice pre­ sident and assistant secretary of Luke Soules 
Inc. food brokers. 
Billy Ebenstein has been promoted to staff manager in the San Antonio District of the Fa­ mily Security Insurance Co. of America. 
Sam Hurt, San Antonio district manager, w ill attend a five-day conference of Farmers New 
World Life Insurance Co. in Seattle, Wash. 
Richard G. Stedm an has been named manager of Business Development of Common­ wealth Oil Refining Co. Inc. (Corco). Janies L. 
Viand! has been named vice president of Spe­ cial Projects, Planning and Economics. 
Billie E. Flits, claims examiner for the Aus­ tin office of Providence Washington Insurance 
Group, has been named 1976 Employe of the 
Year and received a plaque and $1,ooo cash award. 
John Melaskj, manager of the Walgreen 
Restaurant at 3oo E. Houston St., has been pre­ sented the Walgreen Manager Development 
Award. 
David Deiph has been promoted to replace­ ment parts division regional manager. North­ east United States, with Newell Manufacturing 
Co. 
A. Bruce Chuber has been named vice presi­ dent of SWACO International Sales Corp., a wholly-owned subsidiary of Swearingen Avia­ tion Corp. 
R. Beverly Rust, chairm an of the Trust 
Committee of Frost National Bank of San An­ tonio, has been named O utstanding Trust 
Banker by the Texas Bunkers Assn. Trust Di­ vision. 
Felix B. Gonzales has been appointed salqs manager, pre-need counseling, at Roy Akers 
F uneral Chapels. 
Edwin C. Johnston, manager of the San An­ tonio area offices of New York Life Insurance 
Co., has been named one of the outstanding general managers of the firm for 1976. He will attend a company-sponsored management con­ ference in Los Angeles, Calif., Thursday to accept the award. 
Barry Van Patten has been named vice pre­ sident and district manager of the International 
Spa Fitness Center at 8757 Wurzbach Road. 
Larry Goodman, an associate of New Eng­ land Mutual Life Insurance Co.’s San Antonio agency, has received the company’s Agency 
Builders Award for the second time. 
Charles W. Hummel Jr. has been elected senior vice president by the board of directors of Colonial National Bank. 
Lloyd Seiler has been promoted to vice pre­ sident by the directors of Broadway National 
Flank. Alan W. Crosby has been elected lending officer. 
Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith has announced the addition of four account execu­ tives. They are William N. Mayo, James G. 
Parsons, F rank L. Donnelly and Cliff P. 
Kruthers. 
John Valentine has been named building manager of the Nix Corp. 
Chris Sherm an, 
Kodak Technical sales representative in the San Antonio arca, has relocated to Albuquerque, N.M. 

Seiler 
Valentine 

> m e r c A n t i u 
, BANK 

M c C u llo u g h a t lo o p 41o 
P O BOX 322&7 SAN ANTONIO, TEXAS 78284 512 344 3441 

MEMBLR FDIC 

SNACKS INC. MOVING FORWARD 

A I and A lbert A le m an h ave both been catering for the local churches for the past (2o) years. They form ed a partnership in 
1972 to provide food service for One Park Ten Bldg, snack bar serving appx. 9o m eals per day. The Sum m it Office Bldg, se rving 
7 o m eals per day, the Knoll office Bldg, serving appx. 5o m eals per day. They started handling the San Antonio Parks & Recreation 
Sum m er Nutrition Program in 1975. They w ere incorporated in 
A u gu st of 1975 and have serviced San Antonio College and St. 
Phillips College since D ecem ber of 1975. In 1976 Snacks Inc. w a s aw a rd e d the contracts for the San Antonio Police Station, City Hall annex, and City Hall. They are presently holding contracts at all of the ab o ve locations and hold exclusive contracts for La Villita, 
The 
San A ntonio Spurs 
B aske tball Club, San Antonio Spurs Tip O ff 
Club, and are exclusive concessionaires for the 
5an 
A ntonio 
D odge rs Baseball Team. Even though Snacks Inc. stays busy, the 
A le m an brothers sa ys th ere’s still room for expansion. 

* 
* 

New business park 

LARRY WEBB, m anager/part owner of the Pelican's W harf Restaurant under construction, looks at the rest of Northcross Business Park with Ted 
Peyton, leasing agent for Embrey Properties. Northcross has space for offices, showrooms and a warehouse at IH 4 1 o and IH 35. There also is space for a hotel at that location. The 16-acre site is a joint venture of 
Embrey/Jagger Properties. 

S.A. jobless declines 

Unemployment in San Antonio continued its downward drift in 
March, according to a ieport released by the Texas Employ* ment Commission. 
Some 1.75o m ore people obtained work in that month over tinures for 
February, the report state- 
'ringing total em ploym ent in the Alamo City area to more than 355,3oo 
At that level, the repon * nntinues, the number of jobless at 6.-* per cent is 
1,3oo less than in February and nearly 
8.ooo below March 1976. 
Forecasts for June continuo to look good. Commission estim au < predict the local labor force wilt pass the 
4oo.ooo level for only the second time ever during that month. 
Ad exec hired 

Steve O'Neil has joined Lewi* & 
Associates Advertising as sem*» ac­ count executive, announced 
J. 
Lewis, president. 
A graduate of Oklahoma State • m- veristy in radio-television advertising 
O’Neil has been with the Pitluk Group for six years, including four years as vice president. 
Prior to that, he was with Swam* 
Broadcasting station KKYX. 

Unemployment, however, will also be up w ith the flood of students seeking summer jobs. 
The com m ission estim ates the un­ em ploym ent ra te during June will grow to 8 per cent, verses a 6.4 per cent rate in March. 
One of the largest increases in em* 

Gen. John M. Bennett has retired as chairman of the board of San Anton­ io-based National Bancshares Corp. of 
Texas. 
Richard W Culvert, president and chief executive officer of the m ulti­ bank holding company, was elected to the chairm an’s post upon Bennett s retirement. 
Bennett had served as chairman of the board of the holding company since its inception in 1971, continuing a tradition in which a member of the 
Bennett family on the board has been of the flagship National Bank of Com­ merce of San Antonio since its creation in 19o3. 
Bennett will remain a member of the adding company board.___________ 

 ployment was in non-m anufacturing jobs, which rose 55o over February 

The construction industry accounted for almost all .of that gain, the report indicates, showing the building trades in San Antonio were com ing out of a recent slump 

Calved, the new chairm an, is a 1954 graduate of Princeton and has served in various positions with the San An­ tonio branch of the Federal Reserve 
Bank of Dallas, the Assn of Reserve' 
City Bankers and is a past president of the San Antonio Clearing House Assn 
C alvert, a past d ire c to r of the 
G reater San A ntonio C ham ber of 
Commerce, is on the hoard of directors of the San Antonio Medical Founda tion. Southwest Research Institute and the Cancer Therapy and R esearch 
Foundation of South Texas 
The NBC multi-bank holding com puny includes banks in Eagle Pass 
Universal City and two institutions in 
Sari Antonio. The company has pend ing applications for an o th er San 
Antonio bank and a bank in K ern ii Ie. 

B ennett retires as 
Bancshares chairman 

Strike, severe weather blamed for sharp loss 

A three-month strike in San Antonio and severe winter weather is blamed for a sharp decrease in income for the Dallas-based VVylain Inc. 
Friedrich Air Conditioning and Refrigeration Co. workers ratified a new three-year contract on April ll but the three months the employes were out on strike was estimated to have an impact on first quarter sales of $4 million vvith an impact of about 
$1.1 million on net income. 
This works out to the equivalent of 3o cents per share, VVylain officers announced. 
F irst quarter sales for the corporation were 
$48,772,ooo, a 5 per cent increase over the same period in 1976. 
5 cents a share 

Net income, however, was $172,ooo. or 5 cents per common share in the first quarter compared with 
$36o,ooo or IO cents per common share for the same period a year ago. 
Production in the fabrication departm ents of "the vSan Antonio subsidiary were resumed immediately afte r the labor agreem en t, officers told stock­ holders, and norm al production levels in all departm ents should be reached by mid-M&y. 
Another labor contract, this one in the company’s 
Utica, New York, facility, expired March 31 and was renewed for a three-year period with no work stop­ page. 

Agreements in both cases were within anticipated levels for company economic adjustm ents in 1977. 
In addition, unusually severe winter weather ser­ iously hit constru ctio n firm s d u rin g the first quarter, pushing housing group sales of the com­ pany below estimated levels. 
Although those sales were below estim ates, offi­ cials said, they equaled the sales of the first quarter of 1976. 
Winn’s elects board m em ber 

Winn’s Stores Inc. has elected Karl T. Buts Jr., p resid en t of the M er­ cantile National Bank of 
Dallas, to its board of directors. 
Butz, president and director of M ercantile since June 1976. is also an officer of the M er­ cantile Texas Corp., the parent holding company of the Dallas bank, and has other directorships in Dallas and Houston. 

He joins board members Ed R. Evetts, 
Frank A. Shipley Jr., and J. William Grooms, all of Winn's; Jack LL 
Fryar, investments; Dan 
G. Webster, of the law firm of Cox, Sm ith, 
Smith. Hale & Guenther, and John B. Lahourcade, of Cafeterias Inc. 

The announcement was made at Winn’s annual stockholder’s meeting. 

At that meeting, plans were announced to open at least three more var- 
Pic-A-Pop plant sold to bottler 

Party Pop Inc., a Florida soda drink bottler, has acquired tile San Antonio-based Pic-A-Pop Soda facilities. 
The bottling plant and retail store at 4679B 
Walzem Road have been in operation for two weeks, according to sales manager Way Whitaker. 
The new firm has hired IO employes, the same number fired when Pic-A-Pop ceased production late last year. 
Party Pop will not. with the exception of the 
Walzem Road outlet, operate individual stores in the 
San Antonio area but will distribute through estab­ lished retail convenience stores. 
The company is operating plant tours and invites inquiries about distributorships or its fund-raising program for charitable organizations. 

Read Barry R obinson, a Man for 
All Seasons 
(Baseball. Football, Basketball^ 

 in the San Antonio Express rn lr — — — — 
—— 

Mf i 
* 

KARL T. BUTZ 

 iety stores in 1977 and m ention was m ade of possibly co n stru ctin g new offices and w are­ house facilities in San 
Antonio. No details were announced. 

Three stores were ad­ ded to the firm ’s chain so far this year/ bringing the total number operat­ ed to 145. 

IfKiida million bucks for success. 
It was worth it. 

Ask Marty Green of Amencan Punters if his one-year-old million doliar pin ut is living up to his expectations. And he ll look you straight in the eye and tell you that he’s now the hest printer in an 
Antonio. If not the Southwest. 
Which is some accomplishment, if yoi know the story behind the story. W > ich is that everybody said it couldn’ t be doi <t\ 
That San Antonio couldn’t support th< kind of printing plant that Marty wanted. One that was chock full of so> ie of the newest and most sophisticated equipment that you have ever seen. 
Like American’s new computerize I negative and platemaking equipmei t. 
Presses that print 4 colors at one tim 

Presses that print 2 colors at one tune. 
And presses that print I color at one time. All told, 11 presses that can print anything you want, lor just about any deadline. 
And on a budget, yet 
Because while success does not come heap, suffice it to say that anything that conies out of American Printers looks bice a million bucks. But costs a whole 
-or less. Ask Marty Green 

American fainters 

“o J Paulsun, San A ntonio, lexus 78219 (512) 22-4-2271 

The Local Ledger 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday May 8 1977 
ALIENS 
Levi’s tag: More 
Jealous guarding due 

Continued from Page IG 

 situation, Cardenas, Briggs and Staley all agree, is the employer who hires the “ undocumented worker.” 
A proviso to the Texas immigration laws m akes it illegal for an undocu­ mented alien to work in, the United 
States but allows an employer to hire a worker he knpws is an illegal without breaking the law. 
A federal law, sponsored last year by 
U.S. Rep. Peter Rodino would have imposed fines on such an employer but did not pass the U.S. Congress. A si­ milar bill is now being revived. 
A sim ilar bill in the T e x a s Legisla­ ture, filed this year by State Rep. Brad 
Wright of Houston was sent to the 
House Subcommittee on Labor March 
21 where observers predict it will die. 
President Carter is expected to issue a policy statem ent on the situation possibly this week which is thought to include amnesty for long-time resident illegal aliens and might also include penalties for employers. 
However, the problem with any legal measure against employers, Cardenas notes, is that it might interfere with 
Mexiean-Ameriean civil rights when prospective employers attempt to de­ termine just who is illegal. 
Cardenas himself was arrested twice on suspicion of being an illegal alien during the course of his research. 
“ If they approach me. being a pro­ fessional, how does that reflect on the average laborer?” he said, 
“ Legislation is one thing, adm inis­ tration and enforcement is something else. 
“ The solution will not be e a sy ,” 
Cardenas said. “ The dimensions are numerous and the impact on minor­ ities, on government, on different eth­ nic groups and on illegal aliens them­ selves are really unknown. 
“ But something should be done in the right direction. We just need more research before we know which is the right direction.” 

IQS ANGELIS TIMES SERVICE 
On its acquisition posture, he says 
Levi Strauss is making “ in-depth evaluations to determine exactly what L-e-v-i’s (he carefully spelled it out) means to ail segments of the consumer population, and to what extent we might utilize this No. I asset more aggressively than in the past.” 

Walter A. Haas Jr., chairman of the board and chief executive of­ ficer, and Peter E. Haas, the firm’s president, have made Grohman 
I heir man-on-the-spot to start I^evi 
Strauss moving in several direc­ tions at once. 

SAN FRANCISCO - “ The Com­ pany deems the ‘Levi’s’ trademark to be one of its most valuable pos­ sessions and has registered the trademark in 14o countries.” 

Grohm an, who joined 
Levi 
Strauss rn 1974, had been president and a director of B.V.D. Co Inc. of 
New York 

“ The Company” is San Francis­ co-based Levi Strauss and Co., the much-writtcn-aboul firm with the legendary label that has roots going back to the California Gold Rush. 

Grohrrran noted that the firm al­ ready has licensed shoes under its label and has a market test under way involving ski apparel. 
On what he describes as an ‘in­ te rim ” basis, he was placed in command last December of both the 
Levi Strauss domestic apparel di­ vision (jeans, boyswear, Panatela, women’s sportswear and diversified products) and its international group, which accounts for about one-third of the com pany’s total sales. 

The statement, contained in the jeans m aker’s detailed annual financial report to the Securities and Exchange Commission, sug­ gests that the Levi’s tag decorating derrieres in every hemisphere is guarded jealously by the company and is not to be regarded lightly. 

A Levi Strauss team has been as­ sem bled “ to add ress the whole question of diversification” and “ to begin to identify what risk and op­ portunities may exist for us” over the next 18 months, he says. 

Grohman suggests the whole area of outerwear — such as raincoats, topcoats, Western wear — is open for acquisition so that Levi Strauss will own its production facilities instead of licensing its label (as it currently does through the Brown 
Shoe Co. of St. Louis). 

Grohman says he wants to “ ag­ gressively develop” men’s and wo­ men’s sportswear and plans to mo­ bilize intensified m erchandising and sales efforts behind these lines. 
“ We can begin to develop busi­ nesses of the size and scope in these categories as we already have de­ veloped in the jeans category,” he says. 

So when Robert T. Grohman, an executive vice president, says the company is testing the Levi Strauss label on a wider variety of products 
“ in a very precision w ay,” he means just that. 

The company’s corporate plan­ ning and policy department, placed under the direction of senior vice president Frank Brann, “ will end up with a profile of the type of thing we should acquire and then go out and find it,” says Grohman, who, like Brann, reports directly to the 
Haas Brothers. 

No imminent acquisitions are pending, but the 52-year-old Groh­ man made clear in an interview at the Levi Strauss corporate head­ quarters here that the company has reached a watershed in its history where it must start thinking on an expansive note. 

At the same time, Grohman plans to do some internal streamlining, saying that “ We will clean up any product overlap,” such as exists when more than one division pro­ duces the same garments. 

TNE LEVI’ S ta g decorates derrieres in every hemisphere, which makes guarding the emblem a difficult task 
STAPF PHOTO BY CHARIES BARKSDALE 

& Associates now offers 

ERICKSON 
GOODSPEED 
Express- IN ews prom otes 2 editors 

Richard L. Erickson has been named business editor and John K. Goodspeed has been named production editor of the Sunday Express-News. 
Erickson, 28, was news editor of the 
Southside Sun, an Express-News pub­ lication, until March 28, when he be­ came Sunday business writer. 
He is a 197o broadcasting graduate of 
California State University at North­ ridge and served in the U.S. Air Force from June 1971 to September 1975 At that time he joined the daily Express 

 as police reporter. 
Goodspeed, 23. joined the Express- 
News as a copyboy in 197o. He was promoted in 1974 to the Express copy desk, where he held most positions during a three-year tour. 
He is a McCollum High School gra­ duate and was a journalism student at 
San Antonio College. 
Goodspeed holds a newly created povSition. Erickson replaces Richard 
Smith, who joins the Sun newspapers staff. 

Harte-Hanks Newspapers Inc. has created a new’ newspaper division called the Southeast Group under the leadership of John C. Ginn, publisher of the company’s Anderson, S.C., newspapers. The new division includes three Tennessee publications, one Georgia semi-weekly community paper, and two daily papers in South Carolina. Those two dailies are published by 
Ginn at the present time. 
Preliminary unaudited quarter and fiscal year figures for Fox-Stanley 
Photo Products Inc. indicate record sales and lower earnings. A net loss of 
$33,ooo or I cent per share for the quarter and net annual income of 
$2,375,ooo or 7o cents per share compared with quarter net income of 
$511,354 or 15 cents per share and an annual figure of $3,748,6o1 or $1.1o per share. Sales, however, rose from $69,444,528 to $79,9oo,ooo for the year. The board of directors of the company declared the firm ’s 52nd consecutive quarterly cash dividend of 121 ^ cents per share on outstanding common stock, payable June I, 1977, to stockholders of record as of May 16. 
Broadway National Bank has declared a IOO per cent stock dividend, increasing the number of shares from 25o,ooo to 5oo,ooo. Subject to share­ holder approval and authorization from the Comptroller of the Currency, there will be a simultaneous transfer to surplus of $2.5 million, giving the bank $5 million in capital stock and the same in surplus. 
Diamondfiair Corp. has opened a second salon located in the Stanley 
Square shopping center, IH41o at Blanco Road. The company, specializing in simulated diamonds mounted in gold settings, is developing a franchise program in preparation for a move into national marketing. 
Rennert World Travel, with three offices in San Antonio, has installed a computerized service lo place and confirm reservations direct with 8o per cent of worldwide airlines, 95 per cent of domestic carriers, over 4,ooo hotels and all major car rentals. 
American Founders Life Insurance Co. recently announced an increase in their quarterly cash dividend to shareholders from 7 cents to IO % cents per share, an increase of 5o per cent. This is to be paid on June I, 1977, to stockholders of record as of May 13. 
The local wholesale lumber and building m aterial firm of Geo. C. 
Vaughan & Sons has changed its name lo Vaughan & Sons Inc., according to Curtis Vaughan Jr., chairman of the board. The company was founded in 1893. 
Fairchild industries has announced first quarter earnings of $1,195,ooo or 26 cents per share on sales of $88,896,ooo. Both earnings and sales for the 
Maryland company improved more than 5o per cent over the first quarter of 1976. Company officials credited increased orders with their San Antonio subsidiary Swearingen Aviation Corp. for a large part of the increase. 
Tracor Inc. of Austin has announced a 4o per cent dividend increase on the firm ’s common stock and a 27 cent increase in first quarter sales and earnings. The annual cash dividend rate from 2o cents to 28 cents per share is the ninth consecutive quarter of per share earning increases. 
Southwest Airlines Co. declared the company’s third quarterly cash dividend on the two million issued and outstanding shares of common stock of 7 cen is per share. This will be paid en May 2o,1977, to shareholders of record as of May 6. 

A15 per cent stock dividend was declared by Winn’s Stores lac. payable 
May 27, 1977, to shareholders of record on May 13. Directors also announced an increase of the firm ’s quarterly dividend rate to 2o cents per quarter or 8o cents per share per year. The old rate had been 18% cents per quarter or 75 cents per share per year. 

7 r' ‘ 
} ^^========a 
PotH&wrtcA 
(fa ffla tyK ip ' Qwna, Aunty' fyeMf’tforfnuttel 
And 5 designers to help un-boggle it all into an office that works as hard as you do. 

Vt t o t o t e t if O o o O fM fn>nTrmTrrrr^ 

To offer you a selection of office furnishings this com plete, we had to expand our showrooms. In fact, w e’ve taken over the whole building at 13o Soledad. And w e’ve redesigned our displays for beauty, com fort, and efficiency. 
The sam e kind o f beauty, com fort, and efficiency we can help design into your offices. W hatever your particular need or budget may be. W e’ve been doing this for all kinds o f San 
Antonio businesses for over 81 years. 
You see, we sell office furniture. 
But what we deliver is office efficiency. By helping you arrange those furnishings in a way that m akes your office work as hard as you do. 

MARSHALL CLEGG 
&ASSOCIATES 

13o Soledad. San A ntonio, Texas 782o3 (312) 226-3141 

The 

Bv DAN' RATH KR with MICKEY HERSKOWITZ camera never 

I was once invited to speak to a journalism class at a univer­ sity in Arizona. I expected an audience of perhaps thirty-five people — there had been six in my class at Sam Houston State 
— but instead I found myself facing an auditorium packed with hundreds of students. In 
Arizona, mind you. I guess I should not have been surprised. 

Journalism has become one of the glamor professions of the 197os. In no small way that status was due to the heroics of Woodward and Bernstein, not to mention Redford and Hoffman. 
But I applaud the new wave they represent because all of us. television included, are the beneficiaries. We need to remind ourselves that the ma­ verick journalist frequently breaks the big story: My Lai, Watergate, the early 
Vietnam record. 

Too often the errors I have made occurred because I followed the herd. 
There is always a temptation in jour­ nalism, as in society, to graze with the sheep. As A m ericans, we proudly boast of our independent streak. We say to ourselves and to our children and to people elsewhere, “ Look, we are not a flock of turkeys heading off in one direction. We ask questions and we demand answers and we make our own decisions.” 

But the line gets harder to hold, in journalism, as the industry grows in size and power and in the number of people who want a piece of the action. 
The new reporter, the one on the front edge of his career, has to know that he pays a price to make his own way. But the joy of the craft is not in following the herd. 

They say that the law is a jealous mistress. I can only say that journa­ lism is just as jealous and keeps longer hours. For those who want this life, and those who see it as some kind of glamor factory, here is what they have to know': It is a business that consumes you. You become addicted. 

At times I think you have to be ad­ dicted to do your job well. There is always ano th er deadline, another story. You find yourself wanting to be there. And it eats at you. 

I have said to myself any number of times, “ Hey, I’m going to take Sa­ turday and Sunday off. I surely don’t need another weekend in Albany, Ga. 
I’m going home and spend it with my family." 
By Friday morning a rumor would circulate that something big w'as going to happen the next day. Now I found myself thinking about how much time 
I had invested in a story about to reach a climax. “ I can’t be away from here.” 
And there went my weekend at home. 
I wouldn’t argue that in most cases I made the right decision. To do the job well calls for a total com m itm ent. 
Once a reporter has made what my wife, Jean, refers to as “our pact with 
Lucifer,” he may get out of it what he wants. But he pays a price. 
The young journalist has to know what an irregular world this is. Coles- 

 blinks 

 sal egos are at work, including his own. Stresses and stains and pressures are placed on his relationships with everyone, but obviously none more than his wife and children. The road is littered with the bones of marriages that did not make it. 
We moved from Houston to Dallas to 
New Orleans to Washington to london and back to Washington in less than two years. Our daughter, Robin, at­ tended four schools in the first grade. 
Fortunately for her, I think she came out of it with a stronger character. Not every child would. 
But you make the first move and you say, “ Gee, that one was tough but we rode it out.” Then another move. And another. At one point Jean nailed a sign to the wall of one our homes, a sign we had inherited years before from a minor league baseball player. 

That was the year I broadcast the 
Houston games in triple-A ball, and we traveled to Florida for spring training. 
We became friendly with a journey­ man player hoping to stick with the club, whose chances wert* not exactly golden. 

Section ll 

Over his locker he kept a sign that bore the legend: “ DON’T SEND OUT 
THE LAUNDRY.” It was a way of re­ minding himself that this was a pretty dicey business at best. When the 
Houston Buffs cut him. he left the sign with us. 
In tho years to come Jean too often was required to be not only wife and mother but daddy as well. I was work­ ing, traveling, fulfilled. She was back there with the kids and the broken washing machine. In today’s climate I can well see how' someone with a fe­ minist point of view would ask: How could you do that to another person? 
And I have to say, I would not have left her so m uch alone if I had been smarter and more sensitive. 
Robin grew up seeing lier father on television. She knew and understood what I did for a living. While we were overseas Daniel was too young to know or care. He was six or seven when we settled in Washington for the second time, and the experience of seeing his father on TV was new to him. And, again. I was on the road a good deal. 
I came home one evening to find 
Daniel entertaining a small friend in the living room, sprawled on the rug in front of the set. I stuck my head in and said, “ Hi, son,” but I could see that he was involved in whatever show he was watching. 

As I turned away to greet Jean in the kitchen, I heard his friend say in a quizzical voice, “ Who was that?” 

And Daniel answered, without look­ ing up, “ Oh. that’s Dan Rather." 
That will make you laugh. But it should also make you cry. 

If you are going to stay in television, you need to have a philosophy. Mine isn’t finished yet, but I am working on it. I keep reminding myself that the people who first came into radio were newspaper-trained. The traditions of the newspaper business clung to them. 

When television came along even those who had been raised in radio still had that set of journalistic principles to guide them. Today, if you are lucky, you may wind up a small-bore cele­ brity, but I don’t kid myself, and I try not to kid anyone else, about w hat I am and what I want to be, which is, iii caps, a JOURNALIST. 

T here is always that trap door through which the reporter can fall and em erge, in his own mind, as a media folk hero. But the fall is long and the way back is hard. I had my first exposure early, iii Houston, in the aftermath of Hurricane (’aria. Our coverage had amounted to a blitz. 

I was on around the clock. People got to know me. That was to be my first strong lesson in the impact of tele­ vision on an entire community. As a family, the attention hit us as a storm of its own. I was unprepared and I made mistakes in trying to cope. 

 lip to a point praise, even criticism , can be mighty pleasant. 
Having stra n g e rs stop me on the street, phone me for help, ask to use my name in one cause or another, usually their own, is a big ego rub. But after a while I had to develop a set of reflexes. 

We had two babies in the house, arid with all of the other problems of get­ ting a family started I had my own growing up to do. My solution was to overreact one way or the other. I went through a period of trying to accom­ modate everybody. 
If I was stopped on the street or cornered at a party, I reacted with so much friendliness as to turn a small courtesy into a kind of reunion. Then I went through a period of trying to ig­ nore people. 
All through ‘his time, but especially during the first wave, Jean watched me very carefully. If she thought I handled a situation poorly, or rudely, she would tell me so in no uncertain terms. She knew I was groping, “ lf this is going to be your life,” she would say, “ you have got to find a better way to handle it than you did just then.” 
As my accountant friend aud long­ time adviser Richard Leibner has helped me to learn, one cannot retreat from the curiosity of the* very people whose interest your job depends upon. 
One cannot become a Tibetan monk. 
What you think of as your right to pri­ vacy others mistake for snobbery. But it is important to keep your pulse, not to kid anyone, including yourself, about who you are and what your bu­ siness is. 

Often during the W atergate months as I was pulled along by tides 

Series continues in the Express 

Living alone and liking it 

NEW YORK TIMES SERVICE 
SEATTLE - At 29, 
Eleanor Holmes is ambitious and still single. She lives in a comfortable one- bedroom apart­ ment amid a mixture of chrom e modern and old attic furni­ ture, just a stone’s throw from 
Lake 
Washington. 
She shares the place with nobody but her se­ ven-toed cat, Alfred, and she likes that just fine. 
Like a growing legion of young A m ericans, 
Miss Holmes. legislative aide to a S eattle city councilwoman, chooses to live quite alone, with­ out room m ate, without spouse. M a rriag e? “ I would consider marriage if the right person comes along, but I would not give up my c a re e r for it,” she said. 
While such young 
A m erican people still constitute only a minori­ ty of young adults, they are sufficiently concen­ trated enough in some parts of the country to have som e real conse­ quences on economic and social life. 
They, along with the grow ing n u m b e rs of childless couples and old people living alone, are affecting such things as housing patterns, rental rates, sales, school en­ rollments and the very character of neighbor­ hoods in many cities. 
Miss Holmes’ situation speaks volum es about some sweeping changes in the way young men 

 and women are living throughout the country. 
Last month, the Census 
Bureau reported that the number of young adults under 35 who live alone had more than doubled since 197o despite an un­ certain economy. 

This is far greater than the expansion of this age group in the population, which was less than one-fifth. 

 that this sort of tran si­ tional living phase is be­ com ing an acceptable part of one’s life cycle,” he said. 

They are people like 
Lane Smith, 29. a voca­ tional rehabilitation spe­ cialist who lives alone in a six-room house in Phi­ ladelphia and exults at being, “ in absolute con­ trol of my environment,” which he admits usually resembles a “ dump.” 

The trend toward 
Or Barry Leuders, 3o, 

Gordon, 
29. recently abandoned years of living in a d ark , cram ped apartment to buy a big three-bedroom house all for herself. 

“ I wanted to live with space, to have my p a r­ ents over for Christmas,” she said. 

Despite popular prattle about the “ swinging sin­ gles scene,” many young single people like Miss 
Gordon are seeking out such conventional 

Not everybody follow s the pattern o f school - career - marriage - fam ily 

 single living is a reflec­ tion of sev eral other shifts in American fami­ ly and social life in re­ cent years: the tendency to postpone or even fore­ go marriage, the growing career ambitions of wo­ men, the easing of salary and credit discrimination against women., the mounting divorce rate, a general independence of young people from their parents and a wide new tolerance for unconven­ tional living a rra n g e ­ ments generally. 
The tendency for the young to leave home ear­ ly and to m arry late is leading to a prolonged phase of isolation in the lives of many, according to Arthur Norton, a Cen­ sus B ureau expert in matters of marital status and living arrangements. 
“ There is no question 

 owner of a house-clean­ ing business who lives in a garage apartm ent in 
New Canaan, Conn., and who likes not having to 
“ clean up after anyone’s m e ss” afte r a d a y ’s work. 
Or Joan Koffarnus. a 
35-year-old airline stewardess who has lived alone in a two-bedroom house in Menlo Park, 
Calif., since breaking up with her husband. 

Though places like 
M anhattan and 
San 
Francisco have long been havens of the single and unattached, the pheno­ menon is becoming a na­ tional one, spreading into areas like suburban parts of New Jersey, the pen­ insula below San F ra n ­ cisco and the family-do­ m inated north end of 
Seattle, w here Linda 

 dwellings as suburban houses with g ardens. 
This has had the effect of driving up the prices of such homes and making housing scarce for fa­ milies with children in some areas. 

It may seem paradoxi­ cal, bul one result of the trend to living alone is that in m any cities — such as New York. Min­ neapolis, Seattle and 
Boston — population has declined markedly in re­ cent y ears, but the num ber of households has swollen. 
Here in Seattle, for ex­ am ple, population has dropped by nearly Kl per cent in the last IO years, but the number of house­ holds is up slightly. Na­ tionally, population has grown by 5 per cent since 
197o, but the number of 

 households has risen by 
15 per cent. 

Contributing to this are several factors, among them the declin­ ing birth rate and the swelling ranks of the el­ derly. 
But probably nothing has been quite as dramatic as the 134 per cent increase since 197o in young adu lts living alone, a jump of 145 per cent for men and 119 per cent for women, accord­ ing to recent census sur­ veys. 

In interviews w ith 5o or so such young people all over the country they al­ most invariably cited freedom and in d e p e n ­ dence as the chief reason for living alone. 

There was an alm ost self-indulgent preoccu­ pation among them with w anting the luxury of coming home, turning up the stereo, dropping their clothes on the floor, or to go out camping or skiing with whomever they want whenever they want. 

“ You can come and go as you please, you don’t worry about treading on another person’s feet,” said Heather Keiser. 25, a receptionist at a P h ila­ delphia a d v e rtisin g agency, who finally dis­ carded a roommate some time ago. 

And Mark T. Dacey, 24, a rock m usician who lives in O range, N .J., delights in “ not hav ing to report to lyone, having to leave m essages,” in not having to “ tiptoe through to the bedroom 

Put Your Walls to Work 

Look what a few feet of wall units can do. 
They entertain you, display and organize things . . . some even have their ow n desks. 
O ur Ethan Allen units include bookstacks with shelves to the floor, cabinets and bases that are interchangeable. Constructed of beautiful 

 woods, rich veneers and lustrous finishes — we have units for the most casual of living to the very formal. 
And some grouped together take just 6o inches of linear wall. A Home planner will be happy to show you many w ays to make a wall really work for you! 

Browsing 1-5 Sundays 
(jEORfjETiWJt MAyOfi 

2819 N VV LOOP 4 IO at Vance Jackson 

Open Mon.-Fri. IO a.m. 9 p m. 

Phone 341 -8 1 o 8 

Sat. IO a.rn.-6 p m 

Wolff vs. Harlan 

* 
San Antonio EXPRESS N E W S — Sunday May 8 1977 

Likeliest tangle: 

 campaign. 

Breaking 

THE vote on the proposition of per­ manent or temporary mayor pro tem by the new City Council broke down along strictly ethnic lines . . . Councilman 
HENRY CISNEROS lost out by one vote in his move for appointment to a permanent mayor pro tem post, with all five of his votes coming from 
Mexican-American council members . 
.. the six votes against him came from five Anglo-Americans and the one black member of the council. , . 

AND City Councilman 
GLEN 
HARTMAN will be mayor pro tem when the 1979 city elections roll ar­ ound, if he hasn’t abandoned the council by that time for greener pas­ tures, such as the U.S. Congress . . . 
HARTMAN had the luck of the draw in drawing last for the 72-day stint lead­ ing up to the 1979 elections . . . 

COUNCILMAN 
JOHN STEEN, a businessman, taking a no-nonsense approach to his new job at City H all... 
. after his colleagues had just about talked a subject to death, STEEN, told them, “ I ’ve heard a lot of repetitious comments for the last 45 minutes . , . let’s approve it and go on with so­ mething else’’ . .. 

 in council 

Around 
Town 

IT (itch the newsmakers 

AFTER THE ax fell last week on 
Public Works Dir. SAM GRANATA and Public Information Officer E. J. 
SLAYMAN, a lot of department heads got nasty ... some secretaries were re­ duced to tears after a radio station broadcast a highly speculative report that tough TOM HUEBNER, the city manager, had a hit list and their bosses were on it . . . turns out the report was so off base that reporters were trying to figure out how to apolo­ gize to HUEBNER . . . 

U.S. Rep. 
ABRAHAM “ CHICK’’ 
KAZEN among the House Armed Ser­ vices Committee members on that junket to inspect military bases in the 
NATO countries over the Easter holi­ days . . . the junketeers were repor­ tedly accompanied by an escort officer carrying $1o,ooo in black bag cash to cover incidentals . . . nothing illegal, immoral or fattening in the trip . . . 

Potpourri 

People and Politics 

When the congressman makes his declaration for the U.S Senate July 4 at an old-fashioned rally in a vacant lot across from his home in New Braun­ fels, it will trigger a rush for his 21st 
Congressional District seat. 
Back in the Krueger campaign' fold starting June I will be Tom Hender­ son, who leaves State Comptroller Bob 
Bullock’s staff as director of the in­ heritance tax division to sign on with his old boss. 
Garry Mauro, of course, resigned a top post with Bullock earlier to direct 
Krueger’s upcoming campaign. 
As interesting as is Krueger’s cam­ paign for the Democratic nomination to face Republican U.S Sen John 
Tower, a more localized interest will center on the race of a rash of candi­ dates for Krueger’s present post. 
Off to an early start is Nelson Wolff, a highly popular former Bexar County state senator and representative whom 
Krueger defeated in Krueger’s first race in a political upset in 1974 
That year Wolff's interests and time were divided between the cam­ paign, expansion of the family busi­ ness and efforts to write a new Texas 
Constitution 
This year those distractions are- 

 gone, and Wolff is methodically laying the groundwork for his campaign for 
Congress. 

Wolff already has announced he will he filing a statement of candidacy for the 21st district soon, something 
Krueger already has done in his U.S. 
Senate campaign. 
At the same time, Wolff says his candidacy is based only on Krueger’s decision to seek higher office. 
In his last rare for Congress, Wolff admitted he hadn’t really wanted it that much. This time he does. 
Since last fall, as word spread 
Krueger would run for the Senate. 
Wolff has been engaged in a crash study program on such national issues as defense, foreign policy, energy, agriculture and other domestic prob­ lems. 
He’s already making the rounds of the huge district. 
Another popular Democrat, County 
Com Tom Stolhandske, is keeping his options open,. He, too, wants to run for 
Congress. 

Already in the race is the Re­ publican nominee from two years hack, Bobby Locke. Locke, however, 
F oam-flecked filibustering; 

FEEDING GRIST to the filibuster null of Sen. BILL M EIER early last week was Seguin colleague Sen. JOHN 
TRAEGER 
. . . at one point late 
Monday night, 
TRAEGER posed a series of questions to M EIER 
. . . askod 
TRAEGER. 
"Is the hill all bad''*’ . . . “ No," M EIER replied . . . 
“ Well, is it all good?” TRAEGER came back . . “ No, it’s not all bad or good — it. has some good parts in if.” 
M EIER admitted . . . 
“ What’s bad about it?” TRAEGER asked next . , . “ Well,” M EIER related, “ ifs bad because it serves the special interests of the insurance 
Power 
Players 

Movers (md shakers 

BERNARDO EURESTE, another new City Council member, making it clear what he expects out of the new complaint center council is talking about: A place where a citizen can re­ port a dead dog on the street and get it picked up . . . 

FAR TOO early to say if a block vote is shaping up among CITY COUNCIL members . . . but JOE W EBB is shaping up as an independent member he told 
HUEBNER he wants another tour of the city like the council took a week ago to orient itself 
.. “ I want to see the problem areas,” 
W EBB says, “ not just what’s been accomplished" . . . council hasn’t gotten its office situation straightened out yet . . . when W EBB arrived for 
Thursday’s session he simply took over 
HARTMAN’S for phone calling and talking,. . . 

CITY Councilman 
HENRY CIS­ 
NEROS never had Mayor 
LILA 
COCKRELL’S vote for permanent mayor pro tem hut if he had he would have lost it when he suggested to Her 
Honor he would help her run the city while she was out of town . . . that would frighten any mayor into not even venturing out of town . . . 

 companies and the trial lawyers and ifs against the best interests of work­ ing people” . . . “ Then whafs good about it?“ 
TRAEGER asked . . . 
“ Well, it has the name of Texas in it several times,” M EIER concluded . . 

RECENT STATE debate on a bill giving judges the power to grant, tem­ porary alimony payments in pending divorce cases caught GLENN KOTH­ 
MANN, the low profile Bexar senator, out in the open .. . 

KOTHMANN, who’s been married several times, began signaling franti­ cally for his colleagues to oppose the bill when it came up for vote . . . this prompted Sen, RAI L LONGORIA of 
Edinburg to ask loudly, “ How does 
Sen. KOTHMANN feel about this bill? 
He’s been married a few times. How do you feel about it senator?” . . . as 
KOTHMANN grinned broadly at 
LONGORIA through a slightly flushed face, Sen. TAT! SANTIESTEBAN of 
El Paso quipped, “ I’m sure he could afford it” . . . 

INCIDENTALLY. WHEN the House voted last week to cut off state fund­ ing of county school superinten­ dents’ salaries, the cut included the highest paid super in the state . . . 
Bexar County's own 
CLYD E E. 
SMITH at $46,88o per annum . . . it should also he remembered this same cut was made in the House appropria­ tions bill in the last session and put back in by the Senate . . . most pre­ dicting the same will happen again this time . . . 

FROM THE "if someone asks me that same question one more time I ’ll scream department: Whatever hap­ pened to the norse race h ill? ''... it s apparently as dead as SEA BISCUIT . 
. . Hou.se Intergovernmental Affairs 
Chairman Rep. GIB LEW IS of Fort 
Worth says he won’t bring it back up before his 13-member panel unless there’s a chance it can be voted out of the committee .. . right now there are eight solid votes against it and no indication any of the foes are wavering 

 thus far is directing his campaign rhetoric at Krueger, who at this point makes it relatively clear he won’t be in the rare for the House. 
In his last blast at Krueger, Locke touched on something that probably will he haunting Krueger in any cam­ paign. whether for the House or Sen­ ate. He accuses Krueger of being a 
“ one issue congressman,” referring, of course, to oil and gas deregulation. 
Fresh back from Washington and looming more and more as a candidate for the Republican nomination is a proven Republican vote-getter, Doug 
Harlan. 
Still unpacking his belongings from his sojourn in Washington, where he put in a stint with the U.S. Department of Health, Education and Welfare and as co-chairman of the President’s Task 
Force on Deregulation, Harlan insists he didn’t return to San Antonio to make another race for Congress. 
But more and more, the Republican nominee of 1972 and 1974 appears headed for another run at the roses. 

Friends and supporters from his last two campaigns, he explains, are urging him to run again, and he could decide by mid-year. 
The Republican decisions don’t ne­ cessarily revolve around whether 
Krueger does, or does not, run for the 
Senate. 
“ I didn’t come home with that in­ tention, not by any stretch of the ima­ gination,’’ 
Harlan reports in connection with a congressional race. 
“ I came home with relief, happy to be out of Washington. 
“ But events occurred since I ’ve been back which cause me to look at the situation carefully.” 
Washington, he said, has given him a new perspective. f 
“ I find it more pleasant to be in San 
Antonio,” Harlan assesses. 
“ One of the penalties of being in 
Congress is you have to live most of the time in Washington.” 
As it now appears, Wolff, who had no great yearning to go to Washington in 
1974, is ready to pack. And Harlan, who wanted to go to Washington in 1972 and 
1974, may run again in 1978 to answer his party’s call. 
It’s not inconceivable the two will be facing each other in November 1978. 

W ould-be 
C on gressm en 

Chances are there's a Congres­ sional stampede forming from the crowd of political hopefuls watching incumbent Rep. Bob 
Krueger. Clockwise from top: Re­ publican Doug Harlan, twice a candidate and twice a loser, shown talking to Krueger; Bobby 
Locke, a 1976 G O P nominee for 
Congress — who lost; Nelson 
W olff, whom Krueger beat two years ago, shown here with his family; and Bexar County Com.. 
Tom Stolhandske, who is testing the waters for what may be his first Congressional try. 

Hill people are on the march 

ATTY GEN 
JOHN HILL, who is running for governor as fast as his legs will carry him without a formal an­ nouncement, has his campaign well under way in Bexar County , . . busy putting the campaign together are 
SAM MILLSAP and JO E KRIER, designated as his Bexar County coor­ dinator . . . 

HILL supporters held a session recently in the St. Anthony Hotel Na­ varro Room to hear from MILLSAP and KRIER, political science profes­ sor 
TUCKER GIBSON, and state 
HILL coordinator JOHN ROGERS . . 
. between 75 and IOO were present, according to figures supplied by such unjaundiced people as supporters of the AG . . . 

ONE purpose of the meeting was to develop a show of strength for HILL . 
. . Goals set out. include 1,ooo letters from Bexar County residents urging 
HILL to run for governor . . . that will go with 9,ooo more so HILL can announce he has IO,(JOO letters urging him to run for the state’s top post . . . the HILL Bexar County timetable calls for IOO precinct coordinators by June I, 
2oo by Sept. I and 3oo by Nov. I, and one in every precinct by Feb. I . . . by 
Feb. I, the organization is aiming at 
4,ooo precinct workers . . . the cam­ paign theme gradually emerging from 
HILL’S preliminary efforts is “ us and 

Boiler 
R oom____ 
Ca m pa ign m i seel la a ca 

 the people against the special inter­ ests” . . . 

BEXAR County (21st Congressional 
District) U.S. Rep BOB KRUEGER one of only three Texas congressmen who voted to fund the Select Com­ mittee on Assassinations to the tune of 
$2,796,65o for the year ending Jan. 3, 
1978 . . . the other two Texas con­ gressmen voting for the measure were 
JIM WRIGHT and BARBARA JO R­ 
DAN . 

THE other two Texas congressmen whose districts lie in Bexar County in whole or part joined 17 other Texas congressmen in voting against the measure . . . that would be U S. Rep. 
HENRY B. GONZALEZ, who resign­ ed as chairman and member of the committee, and ABRAHAM “ CHICK” 
KAZEN . . . 

N EIL CALNAN, the 
Republican whose plans to run against Democrat 
KRUEGER last year were derailed when fellow' 
Republican 
BOBBY LOCKE upset him in the GOP primary, taking up the cudgel on 

 behalf ofU.S. Sen. JOHN TOWER and 
KRUEGER” S depiction of the senior senator as lacking influence . . . 
CALNAN recalls U.S. News and World 
Report in 1976 listed TOWER as one of the five most influential senators ... he notes also 
TOWER is sixth in seniority among Republican senators, and is one of five GOP Senate leaders 
... TOWER serves as chairman of the. 
Senate Republican Policy Committee and is ranking Republican on the 
Senate Armed Services Committee ... 
THE 1972 and 1974 Republican no­ minee for Congress in the 21st district, 
DOUG HARLAN, has agreed to chair the GOP Candidates Selection Com­ mittee . . . County Chairman 
DICK 
EDDLEMAN asked DOUG to head the group ... there are about 3o names on the list of suggested candidate pickers, a figure which will be shaved down to about a dozen or so . . . the committee is supposed to seek out candidates to carry the party’s colors into the 1978 hustings . . . 

LOOK for 
GEORGE PIERC E to make the race for state representative, 
District 57G, in the next go in 1978 ... 
GEORGE ran a year ago, but some of his key supporters abandoned the De­ mocratic party to cross over to vote for 
RONALD 
REAGAN delegates in 
Texas first-ever Presidential Primary 

REPORTS surfacing 
DAN SHEL­ 
TON already is putting together a campaign staff with an eye to running for the Republican nomination for U.S. representative in District 21 . . . a San 
Antonio resident, he has relatives in some rural areas of the district. . . 

People 
Are Funny 

That includes politicos 

WHILE it’s true a governor doesn't have to consider guidelines or any other criteria of note in making ap­ pointments to the state’s commissions, boards and committees, it should be an unwritten rule the recipient of the honor at least has to be breathing . . . 
Gov. DOLPH BRISCOE the other day appointed a man who had been dead two years to the State Health Advisory 
Committee . . . 

NO truth to that report Gov. 
BRISCOE is thinking of appointing the late Gov. 
JIM HOGG to the first vacancy appearing on the Texas Rail­ road Commission . . . 

By JA M ES MCCRORY 

U.S. Rep. Boh Krueger is the pivotal figure in two races al­ ready drawing heavy attention unusual for this early in the 

And despite Sam Granata Jr.’s plaintive cry, Tom Huebner pro­ bably never will know Sam. City 
Mgr. Huebner, right, lowered the ax on ex-manager Granata, left, last week with the observation that “ our managerial styles are so different as to be incompati­ ble. ’ City Public Information Dir. 
E. J. Slayman got the heave-ho as wed. Sam shouldn’t really complain, however, lest he be reminded of a few casualties at 
City Hall back in the days when he first took over. 

'But 
Tom 
, you don’t even know 'me 

Five decades o f show biz and Red still going 

Son Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday May 8 1977 

NEW y o r k times service 
PALM SPRINGS, Ca­ lif. — A wall of eucalyp­ tus and untam ed oleander surrounds the three houses. The houses belong to Red Skelton,, but he does not live in them. Although his seven 
Rolls-Royces fill the driveways, he lives in three different houses, in the mountains, 15 miles away. 
Skelton has never liked the desert. He came to 
Rancho M irage, near 
Palm Springs, 17 years ago, with his wife of 15 years, Georgia, “ because she had a problem with alcohol and pills and fear. She thought we could get away from those freeloaders who cam e to dinner at our 
27-room house and left with a case of Scotch under their arm s.” But the desert was no cure. 
They were divorced in 
1973, and he m arried again and Georgia died. 
He says he is happy now. His yard is full of bonsai trees he has grow™. “ I take little trees and shape them the way I want rather than trying to shape people. When anyone hurts us, my wife and I sit in our Japanese sand garden and drink iced tea. There are five stones in the garden — for sky, wind, fire, water and earth . We sit and think of five of the nicest things we can about the person who hurt us. If he hurts us a second time, we do the sam e thing. 
The third time we light a candle, and he is, for us, dead ” 
SKELTON is 
63 y ears old, and he has been a clown for 53 of those years. “ I can take three steps out on a stage and tell you what kind of audience it is. If I get a 

RED on TV 
RICHARD’S death started a downhill slide that is tangled in his mind with the business m anager, the lawyers, the 8o per cent corpora­ tion taxes and the inheri­ tance taxes that keep him from handing on to his surviving child, Valen­ tina, the possessions purchased by his jokes. 
He has entertained be­ fore seven presidents, but he does not expect to be invited to the Carter 
White House because he is now' “ a member of the 
John Wayne g ro u p .” right-w ing Hollywood conservatives. 
He is conservative in more than politics. “ I sat through 15 m inutes of 
‘Dog Day Afternoon’ and counted 71 four-letter words and got up and left. I turned down the movie ‘The Sunshine 
Boys’ because I refused to call Jack Benny a son of a bitch and to look up under a n u rse ’s dress. 
Humor is truth. Wit is an exaggeration on that truth. 
“ I don’t think you have to talk about personal parts of the body or bo­ dily functions. I always put myself below the au­ dience. 
People using off-color m aterial put themselves above the au- trem endous reception, dience. It’s a shortcut for the first four things I do will fall flat. You have to say things that are abso­ lutely m eanin gless at first. That gives the au­ dience time to sum you up, to think ‘he’s younger than I thought,’ or ‘look at the gray hair.’” 
His gray hair, which stands up in tufts on his scalp like bunches of thistles in a pink lawn, makes Skelton look more like a clown than ever. In his blue-checked vest and his blue-green checked coat, chewing on an unlit cigar, he looks like one of his own clown paintings. 
There are reproductions of his paintings on every surface in the massive desert house he uses as an office. 
A fter 2o consecutive years on television — a record unapproached by any other comedian ex­ cept Jack Benny —■ and 
48 movies. Red Skelton is in the m ail-order busi­ ness. O riginals of his paintings have sold for 
$6,ooo to $2o,ooo. Framed duplicates reproduced on canvas sell for $15o, lith­ ographs for $1o. And there is a brisk business in his clown coloring book for children and in needlepoint kits. 
His seven Rolls Royces are less ostentation than e ccentricity . 
Be has sim ply never traded a car in. His m istrust of the telephone is equally eccentric. 
HE IS AFRAID of 
“ phone merchants, peo­ ple who can sell you.” He accepts no telephone calls, except those from his wife and daughter. He sleeps from 2:3o a.m. to 6 a.m., writes a short story and five pieces of music every day, and does the outline for a new painting every night — although it may take him a month to finish one. 
Ironically, he is m ak­ ing — or, at least, keep­ ing — more money now than du rin g the years when his television show was No. I and “ there was a $35,ooo-a-month r e ­ tainer for attorneys, and they took IO per cent of all I was earning plus le­ gal fees for any p ro b ­ lems, and they were al­ ways su re to create problems. My liquor bill was $3,5oo a month and I don’t drink. And my bu­ siness manager took me for $6 million. I almost killed him when my son died and I discovered that he had borrowed on my son’s insurance po­ licy. It wasn’t the money, it was the taking from a dying child. I alm ost threw him out the win­ dow of the Sands Hotel in 
Las Vegas, but someone stopped m e.” 
His 9-year-old son died of leukemia 19 years ago, yet, “I don’t think I have ever gotten over his death. Nor did my wife.” 

 thinking. The audience may laugh, but their laughter is out of embar­ rassment. 

“ FIBBER McGee and Molly used to have a joke about opening the closet door and all the things fell out. Now 
Archie Bunker goes into the bathroom, closes the door and flushes the toi­ let. It’s a cruder version of the sam e joke. And last week, on television, 
Shecky Greene was imi­ tating Harry Belafonte by rubbing his groin. The need for that kind of hu­ mor is why I won’t play 
Las Vegas any more.” 

He does play three weeks in Reno every year 
“ because they are more home-type people. And I m ake m ore money in those three weeks than I did in a whole season on television.” He also plays five or six auditoriums or universities or state fairs each month. He travels alone. 

During the television years, there was always, an entourage of lawyers and secretaries and busi­ ness managers and syco­ phants. The entourage almost suffocated him. In 
1957, he came within a few' breath s of death during an asthma attack. 
Now' it is easier to breathe, although he must still take a pill be­ fore his second show in a nightclub. Otherwise, al­ cohol fumes would trig­ ger an attack. 

He was IO years old and te a rin g ap a rt wooden crates at J.C. Penney’s a fter school every day when the store manager told the proprietor of a medicine show, “ We’ve got the funniest kid here you’ve ever seen.” 

His widowed m other always used to say that he did not run away from home at IO. It was simply that his destiny caught up with him at an early age. The medicine-show man hired him, and he learned his first comedy trick that summer. 

“ I FELL off the' 
.stage. When I got up, the audience laughed. I de­ cided to fall again to see if I could get another laugh. But that tim e I jumped up real quick to let them know I wasn’t hurt, and the laugh was louder. Now', when I fall, 
I have to get up even quicker. At my age, the audience is really afraid 
I might be hurt.” 

He started writing his logs that first sum m er and he has written them every day since. The logs contain sketches for 
Clem K adiddlehopper, 
Freddie the Freeloader, 
Bolivar Shagnasty and 
San Fernando Red. They 

 also contain the tricks he learned as a circus clown, a burlesque co­ mic. a m aster of ce re ­ m onies at D epression w alkathons and in vaudeville. 

All these tricks he used in the many movies he starred in in the 194os and 195os, mostly for M- 
G-M. He recalled as his personal favorites; “ I 
Dood It,” “ The Fuller 
Brush Man,” “ A South­ ern Yankee” and “Three 
Little Words.” The rea­ son he likes them is sim­ ple: they had good stories, they were well m ade and funny, and 

 they entertained lots of people. 

In New York, as at most places, the a u ­ dience was asked to choose the prog ram . 
They were handed a list of Skelton “ pantomimes and v e rb a m im e s” and asked to check the ones they wished to see. 
“ They’ll take the Pledge of Allegiance, Guzzler’s 
Gin and the Old Man 
Watching a Parade,” he predicted. 

“ There were at least 
15o req u ests to do the 
Drunken Doctor, which I won’t do because it goes 
9*/2 minutes.” 
SKELTON on ‘The Red Skelton Show’ 
SKELTON in 1971 

A k V 7 
SPONSORED BY 
J 
^ n n d e i s Ujy 

V ^ 
’ S CO MI , . M 
'■/t 

AlIO 

SHEET 
BOOKS 

GUNS 

FISHING 

SPORTS 

STAMPS 

SCIENCE 

MEDICAL 

ENCYCLOPEDIA 

MYSTERY 

SCIENCE FICTION 

ESP 

FOREIGN LANGUAGE 

MEMOIRS 

HISTORY 

BIOGRAPHY 

POETRY 

PLAYS 

LAW 

ALMANACS 

MUSIC 
RECORDS 

NORTH STAR MALL 
SUNDA Y, MA Y 8-14 

BRING YOUR BOOKS TO THE MALL 
RECEIPT FOR TAX PURPOSE ISSUED 
PROCEEDS GO TO THE 
BRANDEIS UNIVERSITY LIBRARY 

PHOTOGRAPHY 

HUMOR 

POLITICAL-SCIENCE 

SHORT-HAND, TYPING; 

PHILOSOPHY 

NOSTALGIA 

TEXANA 

ART 

TRAVEL 

TECHNICAL 

MATH-ECONOMICS 

FICTION 

WE HA VE CHANNELED OVER 
1,ooo,ooo PAPERBACKS TO 
THE FEDERAL 
CORRECTIONAL INSTITUTIONS 

RELIGION 

PSYCOLOGY-SOCIOLOGY 

CLASSICS 

PAPERBACKS 

COOK-BOOKS 

CRAFTS 

Alamo Music 
5th Avo. Books 
Alwais Toy Box 
Anthony, J. (Adv.) 
Tho Arbor 
Art A Promo Mart loan Bari, Bags A Gems 
Bombay Shop 
Branding Iron 
Caldwell Music Co. 
Carl’s 
Casa Bala 
Casual Manor 
Centro of tho Mall 
Chandler’s Shoos 
J. Cricket 
J. Cricket Bos. 
Cullom A Boren 
Mr. D underbak’s 

Elliott’s 
First Federal Savings 
Flagg Bros. Shoes 
Flame Shoppe 
Flersheim Shoes 
Fox Co. 
Fresh and Alive 
Frost Bros. 
Gifts Unusual 
Gildem eisters 
G uarantee Shoes 
Hertxbe7 f ’» 
■ arr 
Hickory 
Butler’s 
Honest To Goodness Cookie Co. 
Household Finance Corp. 
House of Stainless 
Isbell’s 
Joseph’s 
Joske’s 

Jr. Whirl 
Karotkin Furniture 
House of Jeans 
KMFM Radio 
S.S. Kre see Co. 
Lady Cricket 
Lu Fuente 
Los M ananitas 
Lost Cowboy (WelshShoeRe.) 
Le Mondial 
Lenny’s 
Leon’s 
Lerner Shops 
Lingerie Fair 
Luby’s 
M argo’s La Mode 
M eager Sm art Shop 
Manos Toilers 
National Shirt Shop 
N aturalises 

North Star Barber Shop 
North Star Chess King 
North Star Cinema I A ll 
North Star Hair Fashions 
North Star Snack Shack 
North Star Stamp A Coin 
Below The Belt 
Parklane Hosiery 
Pet Pantry 
Plexa Style Center 
Pritchard’s N.S. Gallery 
Basset Dassel 
Record Hole # I 
Rennert Travel 
Rennert World Travel 
Rhodes 
Russell Stover 
Candies 
S.A. Savinas A Loan Assn. 
San Antonio Trunk Co. 

Shoe Box 
Shower Stall 
Siegel’s 
Stovall’s 
Sw eetw ater Express 
Tall Texan 
Texaco 
Texas State Optical 
Texas Stores 
Thom McAn 
Tobacco Bowl 
Todd’s 
Top Expressions 
W alden Book’s 
W algreen Drugs 
W estern Auto 
Women’s Shop 
Zale’s 

Handling a reporter’s growing ego 

Continued from Page III 

 that were strange to me I kept coming back to what Hugh Cunningham used to pound into us during my student days. He was death on first-person re­ porting and he would say, with scorn, th at such jo u rn a lism w as for am ateurs. “ Nobody gives a — about you,” he preached. “ You are not the story.” 
Insofar as we could predict events, I tried to take the riskier assignments myself. I don’t say that to sound noble or self-serving. To be candid, it is quite true that these situations often figure to produce the best stories. Rather than showing leadership, you could argue that I was in a position to skim off the best stories for myself. And there is some truth in that argument. 
Ambition is a part of the business too. I got my pick of the stories and I took my pick. I did feel strongly, how­ ever, that if there was going to be a tough one, I ought to draw it. But God knows, there were plenty to go around. 
Not often, but sometimes, the phrase 
“ I can smell trouble” is literally true. 
It is in the nostrils, as real as the odor of newsprint. 
The night U.S. m arsh als escorted 
J a m e s Meredith onto the Ole’ Miss cam pus — the first black student ever to enroll at the 
U niversity of 
M ississippi — was certainly one of those times. 
General Edwin Walker had suddenly 

 appeared on the scene, lecturing the students and the rednecks who a p ­ peared som ewhat ridiculous at the time and laughed about it. I saw the first s t ir r in g s of the crow s a s an open-air puppet show, Punch ’n’ Judy stuff. 

It stru ck me as com ic, a form er 
Army general standing under those hundred-year-old tre e s, rally in g southern manhood against the threat of one lonely black fresh m an . But I quickly changed my mind. I could see what was coming like a storm at sea. 

Meredith was to arrive on the night of September 3o,1962, and attend classes the next day. The entire town of 
Oxford, if not the entire state, smelled of trouble weeks before the confronta­ tion when we tried to make motel reservations and were told we couldn't do so by phone. The response struck me as strange. It turned out the motel clerks were trying to avoid taking reservations for anyone who might be black. 
We drove from Memphis to Oxford som e days later and stopped at the first motel we saw'. It had a sign in the window, hand-penciled on gray back­ ing, a sheet of cardboard from a laun­ dered shirt, that said: “ NO DOGS, 
N IG G E R S OR R E P O R T E R S A L ­ 
LOWED. ” 
Wendell Hoffman, my cam eram an, laughed in that cackle of his and said, 
“ I think that tells us what we want to know. W e’ ll ju s t be m oving right along.” 
But I insisted on going into the office and making the lady at the desk tell me to my face that we couldn’t get rooms. Then we drove into town, land­ ing at what turned out to be a better motel anyw ay. The Rebel Motel, I think was the name of it. The people there could not have been nicer. No mistake, they were Mississippi to the narrow, but they were courteous. . . 
With nightfall the first grim sign of hard trouble was at hand. The body of 
Paul Guihard, a French reporter, shot 

 to death, was found behind the Science 
Building. I had talked with him only a few minutes before he had been shot. 
He had been killed, I am certain, in cold blood, because he was a reporter, or foreign, or both. It was no stray shot that got him. The night was off to a chilling start. The riots would last fif­ teen hours. 
At such times it helps to have people around whose character, and work, you know. One of these was Dick 
Perez, my old taxicab buddy from weeks after I had started covering the 

We’re OPEN 7 Days A Week 

7 a.m. to 12 p.m. Monday Thru Sunday 

SUPER S FOODS 
1731 S. W .W . W H ITE R O A D 
7 A.AA. to 12 P.M. 
SUPER S FOODS 
3 o 4 6 I. CO M M ERC E 
O PEN 8 A .M . to IO P.M. 
OFFICIAL USDA FOOD STAMP 
REDEMPTION CENTER 

SPECIALS G O O D THRU M A Y 13 LIM IT R IG H T S RESERVED 

U.S.D.A. G O O D BEEF 
CHUCK 
ROAST 

12 OZ. PKG. 
U.S.D.A. G O O D BEEF SHOULDER 

U.S.D.A. G O O D BEEF 
CHUCK 
STEAK 
RATH S MEAT OR 
BEEF 
FRANK 
U.S.D.A. G O O D BEEF SHC 
R O U N D 
ROAST 
U.S.D.A. G O O D BEEF 
SWISS 
STEAKS 
EXTRA LEAN 
STEW 
M E A T 

NOTHING ADDED 
GROUND BEEF 
A 
RATHS PORK 
I f i t 
V SAUSAGE 
JJS OY 

SUPER S BOLOGNA, SALAMI OR SPICE 
O f t rf 
LUNCHEON MEATuozOV 

COUNTRY STYLE FOR BAR-B-QUE q a 
< 
BEEF RIBS 
SHORT 
# r n t 
89 

SHORT 
J 
BEEF RIBS 
- O Y 

, ....... ...........— 
6 9 : 
A BY THE PIECE 
O r t 4 
¥ SLAB BACON 
FOUND O # 

U.S. NO. I RUSSET ALL PURPOSE 
POTATOES 8.:, 89" 
25c 

YELLOW OR ZUCCHINI 
SQUASH 
„ 
GOLDEN RIPE 
BANANAS .... 4/M 

BUY BIG 

AND SAVE 

PURINA St.OO Off LASH 
$ l r t 3 
9 
DOG CHOW son bag IU 

CRYSTAL WHIT! LIQUID 
7 r t 4 
DETERGENT 
. .. . « . o m o x 
/ 
V 

(OLORTEX BATHROOM 
Q 
S Y 1 9 
TISSUE 
O .oui I 

WHITE WINGS 
$ Y 2 9 
TORTILLA MIX mg 
I 

Ht,NZ 
3? oz 7 o * 
KETCHUP 
BOTTlf " 7 

ROEGELEIN 
$ r t 7 9 
PURE LARD 
251. 7 

• AMA 
$ 1 3 9 
GRAPE JELLY bu 
I 

STM UTE 
$ I I 9 
APPLE BUTTER s. oz I 

WH.TE WINGS 
$ o 6 9 
FLOUR.............. .ic I 

MR. JUMBO rn 
< 
1 
3 
9 
PAPER TOWELS 4 ROUS 
■ 

DEI MONTE 
GREEN BEANS .. 3o3 CAN 

KOUNTT KIST 
PEAS 
3o3 CAN 

VAN CAMPS 
PORK N’ BEANS un 

KOUNTT KIST VACUUM PACKED 
CORN 
12 OZ CAN 

VERMICELLI s o z b o * 

BRUNSWICK j. 
/ t m 
HERRING 
4 / 1 

ERANCO AMERICAN 
SPAGHETTI 

PICNIC VIENNA 
SAUSAGE 

SWIFTS 
POTTED MEAT 3oz can! 

ANDY 
DOG FOOD . . . . IS oz. CAN 

 beef f l a v o r 
K E N -L -R A T IO N . 

BATH SAR 
ZEST SOAP.. 

SHASTA 
SODA WATER 

IS oz. 
CAN 

S O Z . C AN 

BATH SIZE 

12 OZ. 
.. CAN 

3 /$l 
4/M 
3/M 
4/M 
7/M 

4/M 
3/M 
5/M 
6/M 
5/M 
3/M 
5/M 

SLICED BEEF 
BRISKET 
BY THE PIECE 
SLAB BACON 
TURKEY 
GIZZARDS p o u n d 2 V 

TURKEY 
> | r t C 
WINGS 
POUND 4 V 

M E N U D O r t r t * 
BEEF TRIPE pound 2 V 
FRESH rn 
PIG FEET pound 4 7 
SWIFT S PREMIUM fs 
SMOKIE LINKS 
,2o2 7 o 

APCO RING o r t 
SAUSAGE pound 7 7 
APCO MIDGET t « a q 
CERVELET aMZ£V 
AKO V P. POUSH 
$ “J 2 7 
SAUSAGE 
24 oz. 

OLD FASHIONED RAT TRAP 
$ 1 6 9 
CHEESE pound 

GOLDEN RIPE 
B A N A N A S 

 c a l if o r n ia n a v e l 
O R A N G E S 
SUPER SELECT CRISP 
CARRO TS 
SOUD GREEN HEADS 
C ABBAG E 
CRISP 
CELERY 
GARDEN FRESH 
SPIN A C H 

M IL D YELLOW 
O N IO N S 
SUNKIST 
LEM ONS 
SUGAR SWEET 
PINEAPPLE 

P ILLSBU RY 
/ 
/ 
< I 
BISCUITS..........................BOZ 
TUBE Of I 

P A R K A T 
J 
A 
H 
MARGARINE 
QUARTERS 4 # 

KRAFT 
< 
1 
6 
9 
CHEZ-WHIZ.................... .6 OZ. JAR I 

FOREMOST 
$ 
1 
7 
9 tow FAT MILK 
. . . I GALLON 
I 

FOREMOST ORANGE OR 
T F r t 4 
FRUIT DRINK 
.galon / 7 

-Frozen Foods- 

LYNDEN FARM SHOESTRING 
O r t * 
POTATOES................ 2o ozV7 

TOTINO ASSORTED 
o 
o 
4 
PIZZA...........................................EACH o 7 

TASTY TREAT 
/ < I 
WAFFLES.................sozV/ I 

PETRITZ f 
o 
4 
APPLE PIES................ 2o oZ.D7 

GORDONS 
< 
1 
8 
9 
FISH STICKS.......................... 2 LB. BOK I 

ORANGE JUICE 
* oz. can 3/M 

FALSTAFF 
BEER 
6 PACK CANS 

LIMIT 4 

Read 
R o d d y Stinson: 

 civil rights story full time. With some exasperation, he said, “ Rather, I’m amazed at you. You keep going into these clutch situations and you don’t have me at your side. I don’t know how you expect to do it.” 
I had to appreciate D ick’s spirit. 
When the civil righ ts story turned dangerous to cover, there were news people I would call who told me, quite frankly, and I d id n ’t blam e them, 
“ There isn t enough money around for me to go to Oxford or Meridian or 
Birmingham .” 
At Oxford, Dick and Wendell Hoff­ man performed with great resource­ fulness and without fear. It was night, remember, not the best time for tele­ vision news. Whenever anyone turned on a light — which meant every time we needed to film — one or more bul­ lets would attempt to knock it out. We had to film and move. Film and move. 
After a while we worked out a pat­ tern. Turn on our battery-powered, portable light, film for fifteen seconds by actual count, turn off the light — if we didn’t get hit - and then run, be­ cause we were bound to catch gunfire or bricks or both. We had no way of protecting ourselves, except to avoid the crowds, keep moving and stay low 
The phrase, “ Get high and shoot bloody,” started among television peo­ ple with the civil rights coverage. The expression stemmed from the fact that those of us who covered civil rights on a regular basis had to learn survival techniques. 

To get high and shoot bloody meant just that: If it appeared there was going to be violence, climb as high a s you could. If we saw a nearby building, we would get on top of it or on an awning, porch, or just high ground. 
To shoot bloody m eant to look for where the heads were being knocked or the shots fired because doing so would produce the most memorable film. 
We couldn’t use the first technique that night at Oxford. We couldn’t get to the high ground. 
Our coverage was as good as we could make it, but no doubt those who saw our film on their seats the next morning may have been unable to get a full sense of the shock an peril that 

 gripped the cam pu s all night. The darkness, the terrain, and the confu­ sion worked against us. Looking back, it might have been smarter if we had made the Lyceum Building our com­ mand post. 
As it turned out, we spent most of our tim e craw lin g around on our bellies, circling the campus. 
We weren’t playing war games. We just wanted to avoid being seen with all that equipment. 
I once crawled around the edges of the Lyceum Building, which was sur­ rounded and in a state of siege, and managed to slip inside. There were no telephones available in the Lyceum, but if a cameraman had been with me he could have at least shot film of people being wounded and bullets bee-stinging the windows. 
But I didn’t bring one, again, be­ cause at one point, he would have had to make a naked dash of about thirty- five yards. To ask someone to do that while carrying a cam era and other equipment would have made him too inviting a target. 

MONDA Y in the EXPRESS: 
"The President Has Been Shot' 

Copyw right 1 9 7 / by D on Rather and M icke y P U n k o w iU , From 
The Cam era N e ver Blinks," W illiam M orrow and Com pany, Inc. 
All rights reserved 

Living alone 

Continued from Page IH 

 and be quiet in the bath­ room.” 

A n d a 32-year-old in­ surance company officer in Los Angeles noted, “ I don’t want anyone smok­ ing my dope all the time.” 
All of this preciou s freedom is bought at a high price for m any. 
Jo an Ryan, 27, finds it difficult to maintain her 
$15o-a-month apartment in Mentor, Ohio, on her 
$8,ooo salary as a photo­ graphic lab technician. 
And 
Paul 
Sow s, a 
31-year-old law lecturer at UCLA, said that lone­ liness was som etim es a problem. 
But nearly all agreed that the a d v a n ta g e s greatly outweighed such disadvantages. “ It gets lonely som etim es,” said 
Lynne M urison , 3o, a student at the University of New Orleans. “ But it’s an easy way to live, and very se lfish , and I a p ­ prove of it. I am very happy living the way I do.” 
Many link their so li­ tary living to a new war­ iness about marriage. At 
24, G reg B eau m o n t, a store manager of Euclid, 
Ohio, has no plans to take the plunge very soon. “ I have seen too many peo­ ple broken up by bad m a r r ia g e s,” said Beau- month. 
“ When I get married I would like it to be permanent.” 

Others sa y that they are just having too good a time to settle down. Ward 
M. Wilson, a 35-year-old stockb roker who has a whole house to himself in 
Binghamton, N.Y., takes ski trips to Colorado and winter holidays in Puerto 
Rico. 
He said he wants 
“ very m u c h ’ ’ to have children som ed ay , but 

"It gats lonely sometimes, * ad ­ m itted a 
3o-year-old 

 for the moment he does not want lo be hampered by a wife or family. 
Not the le a st of the factors in the trend is di­ vorce, which has about doubled for young people in recent years. Angela 
Rocco, a hospital admin­ istrator in Philadelphia, got married at 19 and di­ vorced at 23. Now 26 and living alone in a two-be­ droom a p a rtm e n t, she has no g re a t d esire to marry again. 

Indeed, the sin gle trend is probably most dramatic for women. The easing of job discrimina­ tion has m ade many of them very independent. 
For example, Linda S. 
Cannon, 31, is a well-paid city government employe here in Seattle who rents a big two-story house in the Capitol Hill section. 
She can be seen almost any weekend tending her peas and squash in the backyard. She loves all the space. 
Moreover, now that it is much e a sie r for wo­ men to obtain credit, many are becoming very sophisticated about mon­ ey and are buying houses and condom in ium s for investm ent and tax ad ­ vantages. 

The impact of the trend varies from city to city. Roger Friedman, a builder who h eads the ap artm e n t council in 
P h ila d elp h ia , said it showed up recently when his firm opened a 
26o-unil high rent apart­ ment house in B ucks 
County, aim in g the a d ­ vertising at mature cou­ ples whose children had 

 grown up. In stead, hi was flooded with appli cations from young sin gles willing to pay $3o1 for one bedroom. 
Gene LaGreca, a Phi ladelphia real estate mal who specializes in reno vations, said the Irene had altered his practices 
His renovations now p lace e m p h a sis or touches like spiral stair c a s e s and fire p la c e s 
“ The more you can give singles something other than a square box, the\ love it,” he said. 
Like other real estate people, LaGreca said thai the singles usually want­ ed more space, not less, and tended to shun effi­ ciencies. 
In New Orleans, Dottie 
Elliott of Drumm & As­ sociates said applicants for the apartm ents that her com pany m anaged are getting younger and younger. 
“ Once they start working and have their own money, they want to get out of the house,” she said. 
Sociologists and p sy ­ ch o lo gists who have observed it have mixed feelings about the trend to living alone. 

Good or bad, the trend has its roots in economics, according to 
Prof. P ran k F u rsten - berg, a sociologist at the 
U niversity of P en n sy l­ vania who specializes in the family. In the past. he said, the family was a unit of economic produc­ tion with all m em b ers more dependent on each other far more than they are now. 
Now with w ives and even teen-agers often earn in g su b sta n tia l am ounts on their own, the economic bonds that once welded families to­ gether are not so strong. he said. “ We have seen a shift from the family of collaboration to a more voluntarist situation.” 

Every D a y in the Express.^ 

 i f s SS 
' 

- - 

 rn w m m 
Summertime 
How can a little kid tell ifs summer? Eight-year-old Mark Strieker of 
Hamilton, Ont., doesn’t even ask. He just jumps on his skateboard and zooms into the summer 
AP W IREPHOTO 

Son Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday May 8 1977 

Cyclotron reveals nature o f matter 

PROJECT director H arry H olm gren, left, and associate director D avid G o ld b erg ’check part of m ain unit of $4.3 m illion cyclotron two stories under the U niversity of M arylan d physics building 

 w a s h in g t o n po st service 

COLLEGE PARK, Md. - In an un­ derground labortory, encased in concrete walls eight feet thick, Uni­ versity of Maryland Prof. Victor Viola aim s a stre a m of helum atom s traveling at nearly half the speed of light at an obscure metal called Lith­ ium 7. 
In the same laboratory, Dr. George 
Harrison of the university’s medical school bombards tiny bean sprouts with high-velocity neutron beams, while another professor is using the equipment to pry open an infinitesi­ mally small atom to observe the makeup of the nucleus. 
Their common laboratory is the 
University of Maryland’s “ Sector-fo­ cused Ischronous Cyclotron,” buried two stones beneath the University's physics building in College Park and described as one of the largest and most sophisticated cyclotrons in the world. 
The cyclotron was installed eight years ago at a cost of $4.3 million. 

“ W h a t we a re d o in g ,” says 
Prof. Harry Holmgren, who directs the cyclotron operation, “ are the basic studies which are extending our un­ derstanding of the nature of matter. 
We must understand matter if we are going to be able to use it.” 
The equipment has enabled Viola to conduct experiments with the helium beam and Lithium 7 that he says tend to support a theory that argues that the universe was created billion of years ago in a huge, primal explosion. 
At the same time, through use of the neutron beam, Harrison hopes to dis­ 

 til V must understand mat­ ter if ive are going to be able to use it 

 cover a superior way to treat cancer. 
In simplified terms, the cyclotron works by forcing atoms of helium or hydrogen through an electromagnetic field that hurles them faster and faster in an upwardly spiralling orbit. 
Eventually the atoms reach speeds of one-quarter to one-half the speed of light — or {JO.OOO miles a second. 
Reaching the upper rim of the spiral, the beam is deflected into a 4-inch diameter vacuum tube that shoots the particles directly at their target. 
As the particles slam into the target 
— for example, a thin sheet of lead foil if the target is the nuclei of lead atoms 
— the protons and neutrons of the nuclei are knocked around like billiard balls. Radiation detectors monitor these collisions and a com puter re­ ceives these reports and records them on tape. 

B y m e a s u r in g the k in d s of collisions within the nuclei, the angles at which particles rebound when they collide, and what happens when a par­ ticle is knocked out of a nucleus, scientists add to their knowledge of the relationship of particles to each other, their distributinon and the shape of various nuclei, Holmeren says 
“What we’re doing is using the cyclotron to duplicate the cosmic ray flux,” said Viola. To do that, the cy­ clotron was set up to slam the nuclei of helium atoms into each other, bom­ 

 bard carbon and nitrogen nuclei with protons, and trigger other nuclear reactions that resemble the cosmic ray process. 
What the experiments showed was that the natural abundance of three of the metals could easily be explained by the cosmic ray process. “ But every place where we have Lithium 7 in­ volved, the story breaks down,” said 
Viola. 
"One has to find another source for the origin of Lithium 7 other than tin* nuclear reactions in the inter stellar dust.” 

M o st p h y s ic is ts b e lie v e this points to Hie “ big bang” as the source of most of the Lithium 7 in the uni­ verse, he said. 
While Viola continues his probe into the mysteries of Lithium 7, Harrison searches for a better cure for cancer as he experiments with radiation treat­ ment on bean sprouts. 
“ You can always eradicate a tumor with radiation.” says Harrison, “ but you run the risk of d am aging the healthy cells, too. What we’re looking for is a quality of radiation where the normal tissue can be spared.” 
There is evidence. Harrison said, that neutrons—those particles of the atomic nucleus that not electrically charged 
— tend to attack tin* can cero us cells while leaving the healthy ones alone. 
So, o n c e every three or four months for a few years. Harrison lias been loading a glass water tank filled with bean .sprouts into the back seat of his car and driving from his Baltimore office to the cyclotron here. 
Obstacles block blitz for coal 

 w a s h in g t o n po st service 
WASHINGTON - For 
13 years, a group ot uti­ lities planned to dig four underground mines and build a giant coal-fired plant on Utah’s Kaipar- owitz plateau, shipping the electricity to e n ­ ergy-starved Southern 
California. 
Last April, the pro­ posed $3.7 billion project was cancelled after in­ tense opposition from environm entalists who said it would dirty the pristine air of nearby fe­ deral parks. 
President Carter wants more coal-fired plants. 
But he also proposes, in his energy message, to protect areas like Kai- paroYvitz, “where the air is still clean from significant d e te rio ra ­ tion.” 
In the eyes of coal companies, utilities and some environmentalists, 
Carter’s goals — to woo the nation back to coal from oil and gas, while enforcing strict environ­ mental laws — are mu­ tually exclusive. 
The coal industry — which, one might think, 
Would be delighted by the 
C a rte r program — is com plaining bitterly. 
“This is not the big green light for coal,” scoffed 
Carl Bagge, president of the National Coal Assn. 
“ T h at would require some reasonable envi­ ronmental tradeoffs.” 

Bagge’s pitch may be self-serving, but the ad­ ministration’s plan to in­ crease coal production by two-thirds in eight years and force utilities to burn coal instead of oil and gas does indeed face im ­ mense logistical eco­ nomics and environmen­ tal obstacles. 
Ever since the 1973 oil em bargo, the g overn­ m ent has tried to en ­ courage mining and us­ ing coal. 
The Interior D e p a r t­ ment lifted a previous m oratorium on leasing vast Western coal lands. 
P resid en t Ford vetoed the strip-mine bill twice. 
The Federal Energy Ad­ ministration mounted a com plex program to force utilities to switch to coal. 

But for all these ac ­ tions and despite a rapid rise in coal prices — from $8.41 a ton in Jan­ uary 1973 to $18.41 last 
D ecem ber — dom estic production has increased by only 3.7 per cent a year since the embargo. 
This year, 672 million tons are expected to be mined, a 1.1 per cent in­ crease over 1976. 
Why such a laggard pace when coal is ch eaper and more plentiful than oil and gas? “ The problem with coal,” sighed coal asso­ ciation vice p resident 

Glenn Schleege, “ is that you c a n ’t dig Hie stuff and you can’t burn it.” 
The nation’s vast un­ derground rivers of coal form 9o per cent of its energy reserves, bul coal accounts for only 18 per cent of energy actually consumed. 
There are good reasons for the disparity. Coal is dirty, difficult and ex­ pensive to extract from the ground. Deep mining has cost 8o,ooo lives in accidents and lung dis­ ease since 191o. Strikes are frequent. Strip min­ ing has left 2o,ooo miles of scars oil Appalachian m ountains from P e n n ­ sylvania to Alabama. 

Once coal is extracted, it is difficult to tr a n ­ sport. Railroads are in disrep air. Rivers lack adequate locks for ex­ panding barge traffic. 
Construction of coal slurry pipelines, which would tra n sp o rt pow­ dered coal mixed with water, have been delayed because water is scarce and railroads won’t give rights of way. 
Finally, burning coal in industrial and utility boilers pollutes the air: 
Sulfur, nitrogen oxides, carbon dioxide and dirt lung disease, corrode buildings, ruin crops with acid rain and may damage the atmosphere. 
But if Carter insists on encouraging strict stip m ining and clean air laws, his p ro g ram amounts to “ show busi­ n e ss,” Bagge claim s. 
R.E. Samples, head of 
Pennsylvania’s Consoli­ dation Coal Co., said, “ It sounds good on the sur­ face that we’re going to have a switch and an em phasis on coal. But we’re still faced with all the constraints that have been placed on us. 
“ (Carter) didn't say a word on how he’s going to make it possible for us to produce more coal.” 

Strip mine legislation, deemed certain to pass this year, would require companies to return land to approximately its ori­ ginal shape once it is bulldozed and the coal rem oved. C arter pro­ posed to go even further than the House and Sen­ ate bills by enacting a five-year moratorium on strip mining prime agri­ cultural land. 
Clean Air Act am end­ ments, also pending in 
Congress, would force new coal-fired plants to have expensive “ scrub­ b e rs,” m achinery that removes sulphur from the smokestack. 
Carter favors requiring scrubbers even if plants use low-sulphur coal — a m easure that could re­ duce demand on Western strip mines where most low -sulphur coal is found. 

’% 
L 
O 
B 
E 

■ V . t, 

Everain sprinkler 

 reg. 4.97 

W aters areas (rom 6 X 9-ft. up to 39- X 65-ft. Can be set for four watering patterns. No. 61 

 saw 

V s a w . ySsr 

■ll 
157 No-Pest Shell strip 

Shell N o-Ptst strip k ills flies and m osquitoes for up to four reg. 1 .9 7 months. For indoor use 

 l i f i a i 
I, I', 
I l|!!| 

 jumbo si i t 
o ice tea glasses 

Finlander textured 25o* su e ice tea glass A m ber color 

V V 

63 

£ non-resistor spark plug 

^ 
Choice o f AC. Cham pion or 
Autolite sp ark plugs 

 reg. 8 7 ' resistor plugs * t w *■ . . . . 79* 

7o 5 1C2 A G opynqh* G »ob* s to r e s im. e ffectiv e thru May 14 19? / W e r e w ir e th e rig h t to bm*! Q u en n jies 

44 

£ Kleenex facial tissue 

Kleenex boutique facial tissues in choice of colors and prints. 

597 natural jute 

Save ‘ 2 on 5-ply, 1o-lb. natu rat jute I DAO ft. spool. r*g. 7.97 

•315 Santa Rosa 
•4343 W est Com m erce 
•238 Military Drive 
•49o2 Fredericksburg 
•7142 San Pedro 
•85o5 Broadway 

A S S U R A N C E T H A T ; 

•Oui presu'p'.H" ■> are )o* I '\'V<1 n vs prescrip tio n bottle ainTfeceV't 
«• 

•O u rm g 1 he ad P V I'od rue m a u n -a; 
\ 

M a y 8 1 9 7 7 

THh M MMY 
EXPRESS NEWS 
E d it o r i a l s 

Jam es P. Dolan 
Su n d a y Editor 

Charles O . Kilpatrick 
Editor and Publisher 
W illiam J. Reddell 
Editor of the Editorial Page 

JIMINY TftlS toFJU&T r mjim- 
KCCORWNfiTo 

^OUR PUJgPRlNfc 

Council begins testing time 

City Council got itself organ­ ized last week and the City 
Manager made his first moves toward organizing a staff that has been re-seeding itself for the past 2o years. 
I f s time for a new look at city governm ent by the new leaders who should be c h a l­ lenged to pull the best out of opportunities that seem ripe for development. 
We have high hopes for pro­ fessional-level work. 
We care not a whit for ambi­ tions in any quarter that ex­ ceed those of doing a good job for San Antonio in all its diverse aspects. The previous council labored hard and well to give the new district-elected council a head start on fundamental pro­ jects for sound progress. 
We assume the new manager will propose new ideas or revisions of old ones for council consideration. We further a s­ sume council is looking to him for adm inistrative leadership, including research and infor­ mation, that will let the council spend less tim e at m eetin g s than past councils have been able to do. 
The grea test im m ed ia te challenge to the council is to demonstrate an order of states­ manship that will prove to San 
Antonians that they made a good decision when they approved 

 council districts over at-large election of the members. 
If that challenge fails, the burden will be upon this council. 
We expect the members to meet it in good order. 

New council m em bers have found early that the city’s re­ sources and powers are finite. It will be a test of the council’s caliber to use those resources and powers well enough to make a constructive difference within the next two years. 
San Antonio is in relatively- good financial condition. Recent sale of bonds for approximately 
4.75 per cent interest is best evidence of that. Budgets have to be squeezed into available funds and extras have to come from economies or new taxes — or both. 

But council’s toughest prob­ lems are likely to be those out­ side budget considerations. 
Constructively m oving resolu­ tion of the Coastal States matter, handling the aquifer’s recharge zone, regional mass transit, effective leadership for inner- city renewal, fair and effective personnel policies at City Hall, and continuing review and im ­ provement of the quality of ad­ ministration — those will be areas where good judgment and dispassionate decision-making will be tested. 

New S.A. City Council faces tougher tests 

C ost-containm ent health-care containment 

It could very well be the auto industry and its unions where the nation’s health-care system will be developed. 

Ford Motor Company, first in line for labor negotiations, is intensely researching the big­ gest fringe benefit for workers. 
Health care cost Ford about $264 million last year and that was up a hefty 21 per cent over the year before at a time when inflation had eased off to 6 per cent. 

The co m p an y’s man in charge of the health care pack­ age, Ernest J. Savoie (writing in 
“ Perspective,” Spring 1977), is hopeful that the private sector can develop an adequate plan that will preclude the federal government’s adopting one. He thinks private health profes­ sion als, providers and users have two years to contain costs to prove they can, “ but w e’ve got to move.” 

Savoie found health care ac­ counts for 8 per cent of total la­ bor costs at his company, that increases under Blue Cross-Blue 
Shield plpns went up 4o per cent in two years, that hospital stays went up on average from 6.4 days to 7 days, and that varia­ tion in plans from one plant to 

 another ranged between 12 to 88 per cent for essentially the same type of insurance coverage. 
Experience with 
Health 
Maintenance Organizations is encouraging, he said. Hospitals with low daily census offer pro­ sp ects for working on new health-care plans. He also wants monitoring of services in tan­ dem with the services, not after they are provided. 

P harm acy and laboratory costs will be evaluated. Cost- containm ent research has to have the informed cooperation of the professionals and their technical staffs. 

Savoie is probably right in estimating the time limit on the private sector’s opportunity. 
There has been an incredible advance in technical equipment for life-support — at very high prices. There has been a surge of construction made necessary by population growth in urban centers. That’s expensive. 

But there is an attitude among providers and users of health services that customers don’t worry about costs because 
“ they don’t pay for it; insurance does.” 

Review time is here. 

The City Council class of ‘77, which just enrolled at City Hall, will be graded harder than those which will come later. 
It is the first council elected from single member districts, so it will be watched more closely. 
San Antonians, and others from without, will be watching not to see if it works, because it will some form or fashion, but to see how well it works. 
It is going to take effort, not only on the part of the council but on the part of the citizens they serve, to make it work as well as government ever can. 
There will be more complaints to council m em bers from d istric t constituents — about uncollected trash, stray dogs and standing water, among many other things. 
Hearing the complaints will take time. 
There will be groups wanting to talk about the bigger issues. There will be special interests looking for an ear to bend or a chip to call in — the kind that always have been with government. 

Hearing them will take time. 
Council members have so much time. They are not elected as full-time representatives and are paid a token salary. Most have to work for a living. 
Since they asked for the job, indeed campaigned for it, let’s not feel sorry for them. But we do need to under­ stand that San Antonio still operates under the council-manager form of government. 
The council, although its members are elected from single-member dis­ tricts instead of the entire city, still acts as the board of directors. The city manager still is the chief executive officer charged with ca rry in g out council policy and running the city on a day-to-day basis. 

Jim 
Wood 

City Hall 

What could be dam agin g under single-member districts is the inclina­ tion some members may feel to dabble more into administration to try to take care of their district needs. 

Losing perspective on the big de­ cisions — those that transcend district boundaries — is something members will need to guard against. 

The class is just starting and it runs for two years. The voters will grade it then. 

Meanwhile, as part of the learning process, various departments have put together information on city govern­ ment. And Mary Elizabeth Ladd, an assistant city attorney, has prepared a sum m ary of constraints on council members. 

They need to know the law because ignorance is not an excuse and viola­ tors could wind up in trouble, she says. 
“ Since ignorance is no excuse for breaking the law, such public officials could incur penalties which include prison confinement of up to 2o years.” 

Among the don’ts: Direct contact with city employes about their jobs; taking gifts or favors from someone who may gain by the way a member 

Candidate Krueger has some company 

The next 9o days could prove crucial for D em ocrats who dream of replacing Republican 
John Tower in the U. S. Senate. 

It may come as a surprise to San 
Antonians, but U.S. Rep. Bob Krueger is not the only prospect in the race for the party nomination to oppose the senior senator. 
The local scene, of course has been dom inated by K rueger’s energetic preparations. He began his move even before he finished his first congres­ sional hitch. 
The tracks which he has laid across most of the byways of the state are now being criss-crossed by two veterans of big-time Texas campaigns. 
They are Barefoot Sanders, the Dal­ las attorney, and State Insurance 
Board Chairman Joe Christie. 
It’s possible both may surface here this week. 
Christie has indicated he will be on hand when D em ocratic cam paign workers are honored at a big party bash Tuesday night. 

Kemper 
Diehl 

Politics 
■■SS 

 r n 

Sanders is trying to switch his schedule so that he can hop to San An­ tonio for the affair. 

Both of them say frankly that they are testing the wind for a Senate race."They will decide soon. Those who have been watching them are con­ vinced they will run. 
Krueger seems certain to accept the challenge. 
Sanders, of course, is the veteran 
Democrat who knocked-off Ralph Yar­ borough in the 1972 primary and then ran a good race in losing to Tower. 
Christie dates his statewide exper­ ience to the same year when he fin­ 

 ished a respectable third in a very competitive struggle for lieutenant go­ vernor. 
Either man could prove a formidable obstacle to Krueger’s ambitious plans. 
They both proved in 1972 that they could run good races on low budgets. 
Sanders spent only $19o,ooo in win­ ning a primary and run-off against 
Yarborough and then had only $4oo,ooo to put up against more than $2 million spent by Tower. Still he ran 45o,ooo votes ahead of George McGovern that year. 

Christie ran behind well-financed 
“ guys whose last names were Hobby and Connelly,’’ but proved he had statewide appeal. 
In his corner he had the restaurant industry which was grateful for the job he did as a state senator in leading the way to legalization of liquor by the drink. 
Named by Gov. Dolph Briscoe to head the insurance board in early 1973, he pushed for competitive auto insur­ ance rates, competitive home owner policies and for reform s which re ­ 

 quired that policies be written in un­ derstandable language. 
At the same time, he reduced the board’s work force and stood out as the only head of an agency to propose a budget cut for his organization this year. 
Both Sanders and Christie appear to feel they are well ahead of Krueger in the crucial game of “ name indentifi- cation.” 

Sanders reports that in his travels so far he’s picked up more talk about 
Christie than about the San Antonio area congressman. 
The Dallas attorney has been con­ cen tra tin g on touching base with members of his 1972 organization. He feels that he has an advantage in that his organization is still “ in reasonably good shape.” 

As for his soundings, he reports; 
“I’m getting a good deal of encour­ agement. I have some cause for feeling good.” 
Sanders says he will “ poke around for the next 6o to 9o days” in assessing 

 his chances. That would place his time of decision not long after the early July 
D-Day planned by Krueger. 

How will the candidates line up? 
Both Sanders and Christie see them­ selves as “ moderates.” Christie ap­ pears to have the best shot at the old 
" liberal vote. 

Krueger is getting early billing as the conservative in the race. He is rat­ ed a bit to the right of the average of 
Southern Democrats by the American 
Conservative Union. 

The primary, though, is just the first round. Then comes a race with Tower 
(unless he is upset by someone like 
Hank Grover). It will be tough. 
“ He’s somewhat vulnerable,” says 
Sanders, “ but th ere ’s nothing easy about it.” 
And another thing. Observers point out ifs possible the chances of beating the senior senator may hinge on events beyond the control of the candidates — specifically the popularity in No­ vember 1978 of President Carter and his energy program. 

 votes; and g ath erin g as a private quorum, even socially, to talk about city business. This violates the open meetings law. 
Even meeting one on one and pass­ ing it on “ will constitute conspiracy,” 
Miss Ladd observes. 

Waste patrol 

City Manager Tom Huebner plans to do something about those gas guzzlers city employes tool around in. 

When the next batch of city vehicles is purchased, Huebner says he is going to buy interm ediate sized ones and maybe some compacts. 

“ And I ’m not ruling out police cars,” Huebner says. 

Gas guzzlers, of which the city has its share, are a focal point in President 
Carter’s national energy plan. 
As for himself, Huebner is driving a pool car but has a middle-sized one on order. 
The city m an ag er figures using smaller cars is one way the city can save on energy. 
Waste is also on the mind of Coun­ cilman Glen Hartman, who believes city expenses for events associated with the annual Fiesta celebration may be out of line. 
He believes those who make money out of it ought to pay their fair share. 
“ My concern rests with the expendi­ ture of city resources for the perfor­ mance of tasks that rightfully should be borne by the contracted eonces- sionnaires,” Hartman comments in a letter to Huebner. 
He wants the citizens to get a full picture “ of all the income and all the expenditures associated with Fiesta as they affect the City of vSan Antonio.” 

Time for self review 

WASHINGTON - It begins to sink in that President Carter’s human rights policy, if it is to be pressed seriously, challenges not only the despotic practices of foreign governm ents but the direction of our own programs abroads 
In thcMpast, the United States has encouraged a rise of m ilitary d icta­ torships, stabilized th eir finances, taught them the techniques of crushing democra­ tic resistance and placed in their hands the most modern tools of re­ pression. 
If the human rights policy is to progress and have meaning, these collusions with dicta­ torial repression must be halted. Our dealings with dictators have become so routine that a reversal would consti­ tute a revolution in the conduct of our foreign policy. Maybe the President envisioned all this from the start; maybe he did not. We shall soon see. 
For decades, our government has been sending out military missions to train and equip the arm ies of un­ derdeveloped nations. Nine times out of IO these countries have become mi­ litary dictatorships presided over by our proteges — for instance, Shah Reza 
Pahlavi of Iran, Ngo Dinh Diem and 
Nguyen Van Thieu in South Vietnam, 
Lon Nol in Cambodia, Chung Hee Park in South Korea, Ferdinand Marcos in the Philippines and Augusto Pinochet in Chile. 
Certainly, we didn’t set out after 
World War I to promote the brand of dictatorships we had just defeated. But in most areas of the globe, an anti-de­ mocratic dynamic was at work, gal­ vanized in part by the need to mobilize chaotic societies against Communist takeovers and thus to forestall the ul­ timate dictatorship. 

Yet in many countries a demo­ cratic alternative was possible. But our various missions — military, di­ plomatic, intelligence, financial — tended toward subtle alliances with military cliques. Why? First of all, we developed cozy relationships with the m ilitary com ers. We were their teachers. At our School of the Ameri­ cas in P an am a, for exam ple, we trained the best of the Latin American officers. In time, all but one of the countries sending students there w'ere outright dictatorships. 
We developed a rapport with these officers as we guided them in building up and equipping their armies. When we com pared the known m ilitary leaders to the inscrutable politicians flown up by the contentious masses, we tended to put our faith in the military. 
They were more responsible to our wishes, more effective at controlling the chaotic populaces that we, in our arrogance, judged as ill-suited for de­ mocracy. 
On a parallel line, the United States often undertook to train the secret po­ lice of developing nations, thus en­ larging our presence in the subterran­ ean world of intrigue. The numerous exposures of our CIA’s efforts to rig elections and bribe parliam en ts abroad compel us to recoil at what we may have taught the fledgling CIAs. 

The case of Chile illustrates our manifold responsibility for the repression we now', at last, condemn. 
More than any other South American nation, Chile has a long, proud demo­ cratic tradition. Ever since 1811, Chi­ leans have enjoyed a degree of political freedom unknown to their neighbors. 
T here, our various m issions were tilling the soil hospitable to demo­ cracy. 
When, in 197o, the democratic pro­ cesses duly voted in the Marxist go-, vernment of Salvadore Allende, our 
CIA tried to negate that vote by bribing legislators in order to block his acces­ sion. Failing in this, our financial men sought to undermine Allende’s civil government by cutting back aid while our military men kept up aid to the 
Chilean armed forces. 
This was a signal to Gen. Pinochet and his colonels in the indirect way such signals are given, that we would welcome and underw rite their ta ­ keover of the government. When they seized power by force, our government responded by doubling our financial assistance and stepping up other kinds of aid. By 1975, of the 993 Latin 
American officers in our School of the 
Americas, 575 were from Chile. 

While the dictatorship tig ht­ ened, U.S. apologists for Pinochet in­ sisted that the suppression of demo­ cracy was temporary and was aimed only at the Communists and socialists. 
Leaders of the Christian Democratic 
Party, in private talks with us, disput­ ed this. They furnished us with evi­ dence that their own anti-Communist, pro-democracy party was being bru­ tally suppressed and would also be outlawed. 
After we published the evidence in 
November 1975, Chilean Ambassador 
Manuel Trucco denied our story just as the Pentagon had previously tried to help Chile discredit our reports on torture. But last March Pinochef or­ dered the dissolution of all remaining political parties, including the Chris­ tian Democrats, as we had said he would. 
Instead of being defenders of ChUfuq democracy, Americans are prominent among its pallbearers. Unless Presi­ dent Carter completely reverses this policy of supporting dictators around the world, the human rights policy will die a suicide. 

LETTERS h 
J 
Take thai, Jimmie Parks 

Sir: Thanks for printing ‘‘The American Way” letter by Jim m ie Parks 
May I in bold type. Otherwise I might have missed it. 
I often wondered how long it 

San Antonio EXPRESS NEW S— Sunday May 8 1977 

 would take someone to parallel 
“ bilingual education" with "the 
Mexican environment of most San 
Antonio schools.” 
It may come as a surprise to Mr. 
Parks that I have always had my own reservations about bilingual education. My reasons on the pre­ ceding have always been that since 
1 my generation did not have the 
■^‘burden” of learning to communi- 
, cate bilingually we learned to put people such as him in their place whenever the occasion occurred. 
As to the entire contents of his letter, may I say to Mr. Parks: His 
Ignorance is my bliss. 

RotnuJo A. Munguia 

And (oof!) that too 

Sir: Jim m ie Parks is in the m in­ ority here. 

And if he will look around and do some research, he’ll find that we who live in the Mexican environ­ ment are more American than hell ever be. 

Baul St. John Martinez 

Now it’s Fishbait’s turn 

Sir: It might, well be argued that, nobody is perfect but if prizes were passed out for the ultimate in imperfection — William “ Fishbait” Miller would win all of them. 

• That journalistic slime he trails in the wake of his "m em oirs" thus far has been unpalatable enough to gag a blow- fly. If “ Fishbait” were really fishbait no self respecting fish would touch it — not even a hardhead. 

The p ic tu re of a professional lackey draw ing $4o,ooo a year of your tax money and mine who de­ cides, after 42 years of serving in that.capacity, that he will snitch on all those people who hired him and trusted him (m any of them now long dead) — is not pretty. Better and more honorable literature can be found clumsily scrawled on the walls of public restrooms and one wonders briefly, in the thick midst of all his literary sniggers, snide innuendoes and skulking accusa­ tions, if the man is symptomatic of a sickness pervasive in the makeup of the modern American male. 
111 

“ “But no. Concurrently in the press appears Texas “ Red” Adair who led a team of oil well cappers info angry Norwegian waters to control th e im m ense force of oil being pushed up from beneath the sea at a speed faster than sound — and a 
San Antonian named Joe G. Rodri­ guez who finally, because somehow or other it was lost in the shuffle, received the Bronze Star medal he earned in the Normandy invasion 33 years ago. 

These are men and luckily, there are still a bunch of them around. If it weren’t for such, the smell left in the spoor of F ishbait’s tattle-tale trek into the private lives of those 

 bucH 

© 

,_,jL 

FISHBAIT M IIU R 

 who trusted him would hang heavily and nastily in the air for longer than one cares to consider, 

Richard Sanchez 

W hy must everyone generalize 

 about so-called double dippers? ii 
■* 

1 Sir: Reference is made to the article “Double-Dipping Gravy Train Might 
Derail,” (News, April 26). 
>rpstinp' 
W holesale purge 

 w ould he needed 

T here was an in te re stin g sim ilarity between this item and one in the Express of the same date. 
The latter, however, did not seem to contain any untruths — only half 
' truths used to present one side of the story. 
’ Col. Minter Wilson was quoted in the Express as saying m ilitary per­ sonnel “ have earned retired pay, no m atter where they go back to work. 
Our country has precious few ex­ perts as it is. Why let the expertise of our officers go to waste?” 
- 
Unfortunately, President C arter and his staff a re playing the 
“ e x p e rt” role, but they too are m ore than a little ill-informed. I hope the post office and Civil Ser­ vice 
C om m ission do th e ir homework better than members of the administration did theirs. 
Why doesn’t someone deal with all types of discrimination, e.g., the effect of the Dual Compensation Act 
On those of us who apparently made the m istake of accepting regular com m issions in the arm ed services? Who will delve into the 
.real cost savings if we are tossed out of Civil Service? Who will find out the facts associated with the old retired pay and benefit tale to get us to stay in the service — 1946? 
A num ber of us got our jobs competitively, and many of us are 
“bot “ cashing in” on our “ service learned skills.” Why must everyone generalize? 
I am sorry to admit that I have 
'arrived at a point where I must ask, was it all worth the 21-plus years of fam ily separation, rat and roach 
.infected quarters, and so on? 

LTC W. B. Cook Jr. 
USA Ret d. 
Parting shot 

Sir: I have just finished reading a letter by Beulah P. Sherritt com­ plimenting you on the Dunleavy column in your Sunday supplement. 

I have a very different view on the gentleman. I believe you could add ah Ed Cheviot editorial, a Jud Ash­ more social comment and a Howard 
Bronson letter to any of his writing and not lower the intellectual con­ tent. 

Andy Slane 

Sir: F irst, I am a “ single-dip- per.” Next, your column occasion­ ally publishes an unbiased explan­ ation of “ m ultiple-dippers” but there is little response to such explanations. 

Lawrence Davis’ letter (April 3o) is simply one version and viewpoint on so-called double-dippers. I per­ sonally know several quadruple dippers of completely legal vintage. 

Davis casually states: “ All other 
Retirees reenterin g governm ent service have their pensions, etc. deducted from the pay etc. of their new jobs.” When he says that, he is talking specifically about REGU­ 
LAR retired officers of the several armed forces. 

Reserve and National Guard re­ tired officers of whatever arm ed force do not forfeit any of their retired pay. Why? Because that is the law; the law is written by legis­ lators, many of whom hold reserve or National Guard commissions. 

When they retire from Congress, they will supplement their congres­ sional retirem ent pay with their m ilitary component retired pay. 

Whoever explained the double­ dipping syndrome to the President or whoever explains it to the media seems to always leave out the pre­ sent and future congressional dou­ ble-dippers and that is unfortunate! 

Next, the U.S. governm ent is saturated with high-ranking civi­ lian employes who hold reserve and 
National Guard commissions. They will som eday add to their civil service retirem en t income, nor­ mally at age 6o. 

To put it briefly, it would take a wholesale purge of the government to eliminate the multiple dippers. 

Stan Fulcher 

IP 

THU new spaper welcome* (attar* from It* readers, They should ba short — not over 3o4 words — and they must be signed. R eader*’ Initial* will be used lf requested but unsigned letters will not be published. M iters reserv e th e right to edit any le tte r for length, good ta ste or legal reasons but every effo rt will b e m ode to convey the w riter's opinions. Letter w riters must include their proper address and telep h o n e num ber —- which will n et b e published — se the correct Identity of the w riter con be established. Send letters to P.O. Sex 2171, San Antonio, Texas 78297. 

 g e o r g e M c G o v e r n 
... worth $237/ooo 
HUBERT HUMPHREY . . . 
... has $637,ooo 
DANIEL INOUYE . . . 
... tripled his worth 
JA M ES A BO U REZK . . . the poor boy at $23,433 
Senate gushes gold 

 w a s h in g t o n p o s t sw v irE 
WASHINGTON - Patrick 
Leahy has used up half his sav­ ings. Gary Hart has had to struggle to stay even. But 
George McGovern has built up a comfortable blanket of financial security. And Daniel Inouye’s net worth tripled over a 1o-year period. 
Those examples reflect the disparate results of a survey of the personal fin­ ancial im plications of service in the 
U.S. Senate. 
The survey, based on senators’ fin­ an cial d isc lo su re s and stu d ies by groups, shows som e senators have made considerable financial gains in office, while some others have exper­ ienced re la tiv e ly tig h t fin ancial straits— particularly during their first years in Congress. 
For the most part, the survey shows that senators — even before receiving the new $12,9oo pay raise — are a prosperous group of men who are far better off financially than most of their constituents. 
The survey seem s to disprove the suggestion, raised in recent months by supporters of the pay raise, that serv­ ing in Congress can be a costly drain on a m em ber's financial resources. 
The U.S. Senate has been known throughout its history as a rich m an’s club, and the current m em bership supports that description. At least 18 senators are millionaires, and about 3o others have net worth greater than 
$25o,ooo. 
In contrast, a study last year by 
Ralph Nader’s Citizens’ Action Group found only five senators who reported a net worth less than $5o,ooo All were first-term m em bers except Bob Pack­ wood, R-Ore., 
Some w ealthy senators inherited th e ir m oney, and som e earn ed it through business interests before en­ tering governm ent. But som e have m ade significant financial progress during their service in Congress. 
A few examples: 
George McGovern, the South Dakota 
Democrat who was a history teacher at a small college before entering Con­ gress, told his constituents in 1962 that his successful race for the Senate that year had left him $25,ooo in debt. 
After 15 years in the Senate, McGo­ vern today re p o rts a net w orth of 
$237,ooo. He lives in a $135,ooo house in northw est W ashington, and owns a stately home near K aloram a Circle that he rents out for $3,ooo per month. 
He recently gave his children a $85JKH) house in St. Michael’s on M aryland’s eastern shore. 
McGovern’s financial growth is due to gains on his Washington real estate and fees for lectures and television appearances. Last year the senator was paid $25,ooo by ABC news for a week’s work as a political analyst. 
When Hubert H. Humphrey, D- 
Minn., came to the Senate in 1949, his wealth totaled about $5o,ooo. Bv 1965 when he left the Senate to become vice president, he was worth $171,ooo. To­ day, after a terra as vice president, two years of teaching and lecturing and another Senate term , he and his wife report a combined net worth of 
$637,ooo. 
Humphrey says “ the increase in my net worth has resu lted from h ard work, good investments, frugality, and increased income.” He says he earned a “ good” income in 1969-7o, when he was out of governm ent, and has re ­ ceived income from writing and lec­ turing since returning to the Senate. 

A t least 18 senators are millionaires^ and about 3o others have a net worth o f m ore than $ 2 5 o ,o o o 

Sen. Daniel Inouye, D-IIawaii, re ­ ported a net worth of $72,ooo in 1964, his first year in the Senate. At the be­ ginning of 1974 he reported his worth as $224,ooo. The increase came from successful investm ents in real estate and co rp o rate stocks. Inouye also earned about $13,ooo annually in lec­ ture fees in addition to his Senate sa­ lary between 1969 and 1973. 

Sen. Edward Brooke, R-Mass., was elected to the Senate in 1966 after a decade of law practice and five years in state and local government. Since com ing to the Senate, he has p u r­ chased a vacation retreat, “ LaBat- terie,” including a home and a 1o-acre estate, in the French West Indies, and a cooperative apartm ent in the W ater­ gate complex. His equity in real estate is estimated at about $2oo,ooo; last year he rep o rted stock holdings w orth 
$95,5oo. 
Brooke says he remortgaged his fa­ mily home in M assachusetts to pur­ chase the real estate he bought while in the Senate. 
At the other end of the spectrum is 
Sen. Jam es Ahourezk, D-S.D., who would appear to qualify for the title of 
“ Poorest senator” on the basis of sen­ ators’ voluntary financial disclosures. 
Ahourezk last year listed his net worth at $23,433, down from the $‘24,858 he reported just after his election in 
1972. Those figures do not include “ a sm all am ount of property” his wife inherited, the senator says. 
Other senators who reported a net worth last year under $5o,ooo were 
Dick Clark, D-Iowa, Gary Hart, D-Co- lo., John Durkin, D-N.H., and Pack­ wood. 
G enerally, those who come to the 
Senate with lim ited personal assets encounter financial problems in their first years here. 
After one year in office, Ahourezk had to borrow $6,ooo to pay his federal income tax. Leahy spent so much of his savings buying a home in suburban 
Washington and settling in here, he says, that his net worth dropped from 
$95,ooo to $52,ooo in one year. 
“ The first y ear here was really hell,” Hart recalled in an interview recently. 
“I knew it was going to be expensive coming to Washington, but I had hoped we could keep our house in Denver. It turned out that we sold that house and 

 still had to worry a lot about money that vear.” 
Hart said he had been paying a 
$2oo m onthly m ortgage bill on his 
Denver home. He sold that house and used the gain for the down payment on a house in B ethesda, Md. His new m o rtg ag e paym ent is nearly $8oo m onthly; in addition, he pays $1oo monthly rent on an effiency apartm ent in Denver. 
Although Hart Is reim bursed for tra n sp o rta tio n costs when he goes home, he does not receive a per diem allow ance. T hus, a w eek’s tra v e l through his state can cost him $2oo or more for hotel and and miscellaneous expenses. (M em bers of Congress do receive per diem for travel on com ­ mittee business.) 
Although Hart had expected to bear those costs, he was flabbergasted to discover the out-of-pocket expense he bore for social obligations to his con­ stituents. 
“ You’re always sending flowers for a funeral, or wedding presents, or b ar' mitzvah gifts for the kids of somebody who worked on the cam paign,” the senator said. “ It’s nickels and dimes here and there, but you end up spend­ ing a couple of thousand a year on it.” lf he had more money, Hart said, he would like to entertain m ore consti­ tuents when they visit Washington. 
“ I see my colleagues in the (Senate) restaurant with six, IO people they’re taking to lunch. It would be nice if I could do that, but I haven’t been able to afford it.” 
Like his senior colleagues. H art gradually found ways to soften his financial predicament. A concert fea­ tu rin g pop sin g er Linda R onstadt raised about $5,ooo for “ constituents’ fund” to defray office costs. University and interest groups were willing to pay 
$5oo or more to hear a Gary Hart lec­ ture, and the senator has added about 
$12,ooo annually to his income through speaking engagements. 
Even before the new pay raise, 
Hart had surmounted the serious fin­ worries of his freshman year. . 
“ I’m nor com plaining,” Hart said. 
“ I didn’t run for the Senate to get rich. 
But I’m a saver. I want to be saving money for college, for the future, and I can’t do it.” 
Whether they grow rich or poor dur­ ing th e ir y ears on C apitol H ill, members of Congress generally sacri­ 

 fice less and profit more from govern­ ment service than officials in the exe­ cutive and judicial branches, accord­ ing to a study financed by the 
Presidential Commission on Federal 
Salaries. 
, 
The study showed that judges aver­ age a salary cut of 33 per cent when entering government, and top execu­ tive officials average a 23 per cent drop from their private sector salaries. But new m em bers average a 2 per cent salary increase when they enter Con­ gress. 
Because the financial sacrifice, of “ opportunity cost," of federal ser­ vice was found to be sm aller for con­ gressm en than for employes of ut he other branches, the salary commission recom m ended larg er in creases lor judges arid most top executive officials than for congressmen. 
In the new salary scales just adopt­ ed, Congress and the judiciary both received raises of about 29 per cent, while executive positions were given sm aller raises. 
Like other studies of senators’ fin­ ancial status, The Washington Post survey was hindered by a lack of com­ plete and, reliable data. 
About 2i^KS^nators refuse to disclose their financial condition some who do make public their financial statem ents employ practices — such as valuing their holdings at cost, or excluding property held in their wives’ names— which make it difficult to draw an ac­ curate picture. 
Some senators are most outspoken about the need for disclosure of their own holdings. 
Sen. Howard Cannon, I)-Nev., has sponsored leg islatio n th at would require all federal employes making 
$25,oo(1 per year or more “ to make full public disclosure of th eir personal holdings,” as the senator describes it. 
Cannon released a detailed sta te ­ ment of his own holdings and net worth in 197o. Last year he released a briefer statem ent, and declined to reveal his net worth. 
Form er Sen. Hugh Scott, R-Pa., was a co-sponsor of Cannon’s disclosure hill. Scott regularly rebuffed questions about his personal financial holdings, even after allegations that Gulf UH 
Corp. had paid nim tens of thousands of dollars in cash over a period of years. 
In 1964, Sen. Harrison A. Williams, 
D-N.J., took the Senate floor for an eloquent speech insisting that senators and m ost Senate staff aides should make public their financial holdings each year. 
Williams annually issues a personal financial statement. But he refused to reveal the holdings of his wife, Jean­ nette Williams, who is one of his chief staff aides. 
Making a Ms.- take 

Recently in a Tennessee corn­ field, I saw a female scarecrow on guard. Women’s Lib with a vengeance! Male or female ven­ geance, I’m not sure. 
I believe the Lord created nothing fin e r— w hether w ife, m other, or daughter — than the true woman. She in sp ire s, u p lifts or com forts; she brings beauty, grace, intelligence and taste. Without her, a home would be drab indeed. 

Who are these raucous few who, in 

 id 
Syers 

Along the Way 

 the counterfeit of “ liberation,” would de-sex her? 

About that kind — the Ms. Person — a friend of mine is acid: “ Turn ‘em loose, the farther the better. Who’d miss ‘em ?” 
Instead, it seem s to me we m ight ponder one question: “ Why compete in weight-lifting?” A wise woman can, by her man, move worlds. 
Pm for equal recognition for equal ability, which is what I believe most ladies seek. As should be obvious, I am for the lady on almost any Count. 
But not Ms. Person. With its fellow scareperson, it belongs out in the tall corn. 
Rerunning a stonewall effort 

J I 

WASHINGTON - There’s so­ mething going on in America now that not many people can put their finger on. There is a malaise and a feeling that noth­ ing is happening. I felt the same way and discussed it with the 
Rademacher.. 
He has a theory and ifs worth ex­ ploring. 
“ Ifs the television reruns that are doing it to all of us.” I listened atten­ tively. 
“ Most people in this country are so 
TV-oriented that they don’t know how much it affects their lives. When the networks start rerunning their shows, people feel their lives have stopped and won’t start again until the fall when the fresh segments begin again.” 
“ I f s frightening but if s tru e ,” I agreed. “ When I see a rerun of a M- 
A-S-H program, I get the feeling I’ve been there before. Ifs a real downer.” 
“We all get that feeling,” Rade- 
. macher said. “ For tens of thousands of years people have lived their lives by the seasons, m e re was spring, sum ­ mer, fall and winter. You got new hope 

MOW, WW 
■ it .• i 

A 
. 
Aff 

-___ 

£ 

Light Side 
— * 

 and spirit as the weather changed. It kept your juices flowing. But now that people live their lives through the tube and there are only two seasons — the regular TV period and the rerun sea­ son — no one has much to look forward to during the reruns.” 

“Talk about deja vu 
I said. 

“The problem is that the rerun sea­ son is getting longer every year. As costs of TV shows go up, the networks and TV producers are making fewer shows and putting on more reruns. 
When people watch a rerun they feel that nothing new has happened to them that day.” 
“ I watched a repeat of a Carol Bur­ 

 nett show the other night,” I said, “ and 
I laughed at the same jokes I laughed at the first time I saw it. I have to admit it made me sick.” 
“ I f s like read in g a new spaper you’ve read before,” Rademacher said. 
“ How do they expect the American people to think of fresh ideas and be creative if night after night they have to watch the same programs they saw in the fall and the winter? 
“ But the worst part of it,” he said, 
“ is that as soon as the networks start their rerun season, people tend to re­ peat themselves at home and in the office, and they say the same things to each other that they said during the regular TV season.” 
“ My wife and I do that,” I agreed. 
“ Everyone does it. Even the Presi­ dent of the United States. No one thinks of anything new to say until the middle of Septem ber.” 
“The TV networks have sure put this country in a ru t,” I said. “ Of course, the news reports aren’t reruns are they?” 
“ We’re not certain of th a t,’’ 
Rademacher said. “ Most of the news in the spring and sum m er sounds like you’ve heard it .before. I think that’s 

 why W alter Cronkite goes off the ah for three m onths. He doesn’t wan! people to think he’s a rerun." 
Radem acher said that historically spring was always the season w ho everyone came alive. “ But since TV, it is now the fall that everyone looks for ward to, when the new network show: blossom on the air bringing hope and joy to advertisers all over the land. Thi fact that 9o per cent of the new shows 
. will die by January is not important 
They w ill be replaced by an even 
“ newer season” which will last until 
April." 

“ Then comes May and the longer rerun season the more lethargic people g et,” he continued. “ You can see it everywhere.” 
“There’s always baseball on TV,” I said. 
“ The trouble with baseball on tele vision is that even if ifs a new game i looks like a repeat.” 
“ I guess you could say the same for golf. Wait a minute. I know of one show' going on this m onth — i f s David 
Frost’s interviews with Richard Nixon. 
That isn’t a rerun.” 
Rademacher said, “ I wouldn’t be too sure about that." 

 i 
I 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday May 8 1977 
[Searsl APPLIANCE VALUES 

Save s2o on 5-cycle washer 

Regular 

$ 2 9 9 .9 5 279 95 
In while 

Has 3 water levels and 5 wash/rinse temperature com­ binations! Self-cleaning filter. 
Heavy-duty motor, off-balance switch, porcelain-enameled top and more! 

Sale priced thru 'Vlav 28th 

Special Purchase... automatic all-fabric electric dryer 
199 hi white 

2 4 - in . w id e w asher 

Automatic sensor senses moisture in your clothes and shuts off dryer when they’re dry! Full width Load-A- 
Door, end-of-cycle signal, top-mounted lint screen. - 

 electric 

Heavv-duty dryer 
$139 

In r hire 

Short on -p a c e y Try I Ii i 
» p a ce--u v er! Mauler te m ­ perature?' a re a u to m a ti­ cally pre-s>et. itll rugged, h ea v w lu tx m otor. lh HH 

Dry wi t h h ea t or g e n tly flu ff-d ry with "air o n ly ” settin g. P re-set te m p e r a ­ tures, Ii ut screen . 

<>!> I <> I 

Kenm ore dryers require either electrical or gas connectors which are not included in the price shown. 

Save *1.5o on Sears heavy-duty laundry detergent 

Regular $ 5 .9 9 — 15-lbs. 

Our detergent works hard for you on laun­ dry day! It removes more soil than the na­ tion’s leading detergent. Just xh cup does an average family washload — without harmful phosphates. 

Sale priced thru May 28th 

Save $2o on Kenmore 
With Powerease... 

 it's like power steering for your vacuum cleaner 

Regular *199.95 

 vac 

17995 

A separate motor provides power to move vac backward and forward. Solid state control in the handle responds to your slightest touch to change direction, or turn Pow­ erease off to clean tight corners. Beater brush revolves to loosen and remove ground-in dirt. With edge clean con­ trol and more. 

Use One of Sears Convenient 

Credit Plans 

Regular 
$ 8 9 .9 5 

Motor-driven vinyl Beater Brush beats out embedded dirt ... nylon-bristled tufts sweep it 

V up- 

2-Speed 
Kenmore® adjustable upright vac 
5995 

Deep-cleaning! Re­ v o lv in g b e a t e r ­ brush loosens and sweeps up even em­ be dd ed dirt and grit. Adjusts to four rug-pile positions for fast, efficient vacuuming of shag carpet. Headlight! 

8 6 7 o 

Special Purchase... 
K enm ore1' air conditioners 

11,ooo BTUH unit 

SAYE $7o on this 8-track play-record system with 2-way speaker 

Regular «269.95 
19995 

‘329 

Enjoy air conditioned com­ fort at an economy price with this Sears multi-room window air conditioner. 
Removes excess moisture from the air as it cools and conditions. 

5 ,o o o BTUH unit 

Stereos sale prices thru May 28th 

You get all this: 

8-track play/record. 
AM /FM /FM stereo; full-size record chang­ er, 2 speaker enclosures, 
2 microphones. 

9 1 7 3 8 

$179 

P l a y / r e c o r d 
8 -tr a c k ta p e s ; has pause, fast forward, auto-stop 14, restart. 

A M / F M / F M stereo receiver with filter and loudness controls. 

R ecord changer is full size; with anti­ skate con trol. Dia- n>ond-tip stylus._____ 

Two-way speaker system ; each enclo­ sure is 18Vk '«• high. 
With dust cover. 

Practical window air conditioner plugs into regular 115-volt household outlet. Helps simplify installation. Attractive decor- style panel. 

7 7 o 5 5 

S ea rs Pricing Policy: If an item is not described as reduced or a special purchase it is at its regular price. A spe­ cial purchase, though not reduced, is an exceptional value. 

No. 7 7 o 8 5 , 8,(KHI BTUH m odel ..................................... $ 2 2 9 

THIS AD IS OUR WORD 
It is backed by Sears Advertising Policy which requires every adver­ tised item to be supported in each store with sufficient merchandise 
... II we should run out of any reduced price item during the sale, we will reorder for you at the sale price. This does not apply to special purchase, clearance and closeout sales where quantities are limited. 
Where America shops 

Save $4o on stereo 8-track play and record console 

88 
Your choice 
Regular 
$ 2 9 9 .9 5 each259 each 

SEARS, ROEBUCK AND CO. 
Satisfaction Guaranteed or Your Money Back 

Downtown Plaza Store 
Soledad at Navarro 
Mon. and Thurs. 9:3o-9 
All other days 9;3o-6 

Military Drive Store at Pleasanton Rd. 
Mon. thru Sat. 
9:3o-9 

33856 
Spanish Style 

Central Park Store 
San Pedro at Loop 41o 
Mon. thru Sat. 
9:3o-9 

33754 
Country colonial style 

Choice of two credenza styles! With stereo 8-traek player/recorder, AM /FM /l* 
FM stereo radio, full-size automatic record changer.,*. 
4 -speaker balanced souncf system. 

NEIGHBORHOOD STORES (most items and services shown also at Neighborhood stores) 
Valley-Hi 
962 Bandera Rd. Harry Wurzbach at 18oo S.W.W. White Rd. 
Universal City 
674-5511 
432-2391 
Rittiman 826-9578 
333-291o 
1633 Pat Booker Rd. 
658-7491 
Neighborhood Stores open Monday thru Saturday 1o-7 

. . . . . . tjfew 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday May 8 1977 

 clearance 

See our beautiful selection o f dresses at fantastic 

 prices. All your favorites are here. O ur selection 

 will dazzle you. A nd everything is so easy care. 

So don t wait. H urry over for some great summer 

 dresses. A f great savings. Misses, juniors and half 

 sizes. A nd d o n ’t fo rg e t you can charge it. 

Summer tank top special 

W om en’s sleepwear 

 closeout. 

Orig. 58 
Dress length gown 

Orig. M2 
Dress length robe 
(N ot shown) 

Orig. $1 I 
Floor length gown 
Pretty nylon print or solid tank tops of easy-care polyester. In 
/) summer’s top colors tor 
S.M.L. 
Orig. 18 m w f 
Floor length robe 

Great savings on beautiful sleepwear for women. Bright 1oo% nylon Antron 
III. 

Short special 
Fabric clearance 

Assorted prints and patterns in polyester/cotton blends 
Most in 4 5 " widths. 

Perfect-for-summer shorts in Jamaica or short-short styling. Both nylon knit in navy, white red, mint, or powder. 
Jam aica’s, 1o-18. Short- shorts, 8-16. 

Your choice of better polyester/cotton blends and 
1oo% polyester. Prints, patterns. 4 5 ” and 6 o ” widths 

McCreless • Northwest • South Park • Windsor Park • Terrell Plaza • Downtown 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— 
Sunday May 8 I 977 

 wur no-irors s sheets are on sale now! 

O U I C w m v 
/ twin 

Reg. 3.99. Bright bandsof color add freshness to your bedroom These are no-iron cotton/ polyester muslin sheets in a lively broken- stripe pattern. Cool-looking light teal, pumpkin spice, mint. 

Queen 

Standard pillowcases, pkg. of 2; reg. 3.79. Sale 3.29 
King-size pillowcases, pkg. of 2 reg 5.29. Sale 4.39 
Flat and lilted sheet* are the sam e jvice. 

Bedspread Closeout 
Machine washable 

O Q i C 
Standard size 
Reg. 4.5o. Our fluffy, lightweight pillow is billowed with Dacron® fiberfill ll polyester, covered with soft cotton ticking. 
Queen size; reg. 5.5o, Sale 4.13 
King size; reg 6 5o, Sale 4.88 
Sale prices effective through Saturday. 
Queen & King 

Great values in machine washable rayon/p o ly ­ ester spreads. Your choice of prints or patterns. 
S 
* 

Q u l U 
Twin 
Reg. 6.99. Mattress pad is covered in soft all cotton over polyester fiberfill. 
Machine washable, dryable. White. 
Full fitted; reg. 9.99. Sale 7.99 
Queen fitted; reg. 12.99, Sale 1o.39 
King fitted; reg. 15.99, Sale 12.79 

Sale prices etrective through Saturday 

Sale prices effective thru Wednesday 
Charge it. For other home values, shop the JCPenney catalog. 

McCreless • Northwest Center • South Park Mall • Windsor Park Mall • Terrell Plaza • Downtown 

Reading, writing, gunnery 

Son Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sundoy Mgy 8 1977 

ASSOCIATED PRESS 
MOSCOW — For millions of Soviet children, school doesn’t just mean studying history, languages, mathe­ matics and science. 
It can also involve learning how to as­ semble and take apart a Kalashnikov machine gun, rifle- range skills, care of military uniforms and proper use of a gas mask. 

Those are among the course activities sug­ gested in an instructor’s manual published by the 
Soviet government for the nation’s m ilitary training program geared for teen-agers in school, as well as for young workers. 
“ The Soviet Union is a peace loving state," says a textbook for children illustrated with dia­ grams of hand grenades, rifles and m ilitary tac­ tics. But the book says that since “ reactionary imperialist circles” are plotting to increase world tensions, “ every young person even before his service in the armed forces must prepare himself for the defense of the Socialist m other­ land.’’ 
- 

Not every school in the 
Soviet Union has an equally effective military program and some chil­ dren take the training lightheartedly. But there is apparently at least some training for ever­ yone. 
The training helps pu­ 

 pils prepare for military service. Two years is re­ quired for every able-bo­ died young man without a special deferment and it provides the country with a ready reserve of civilians fam iliar with military' skills in case of war. 
Reserve 
By the time of World 
War II, school programs and other volunteer de­ fense training organiza­ tions had prepared a ready reserve of more than 
12o.ooo pilots trained in flying clubs, 6 million people trained in riflery and 222,ooo citi­ zens who could parachute from airplanes — all in addition to the Soviet 
Union’s standing armed forces. 
Military training today is carried out in official school programs — led by a school “ m ilitary director" who sometimes doubles as physical edu­ cation teacher — and by the All-Union Voluntary 
Organization for Assis­ tance to the Arm y' Air 
Force and 
Navy 
DOSA AF. DOSA A F has chapters iii many schools and large clubs in big cities. 
Through school and 
DOS AA P programs, children hear patriotic lectures and visit m ili­ tary installations. They can study riflery, auto mechanics, radio opera­ tion, parachuting, and plane and ship modeling. 
According to DOSAAF, every third young Soviet now called up for m ili­ tary service already has some kind of “ military- technical speciality” be­ cause of programs for school pupils. 
Western specialists fa- 
He pushes poetry'for the people 

ASSOCIATED PRESS 
BOISE, Idaho, — Poetry, Tom Trusky believes, should be where lots of people can see it. He’s made it happen in Boise busin­ esses, offices, schools, libraries and even a hospital. 

Trusky is an assistant professor of English at 
Boise State University. 
He also is the founding father of P IP P (Poetry in 
Public Places) which distributes verse from students and faculty members on big two- color posters. 
"Boise State has a bus­ iness-vocational image." 
Trusky.says. " I d like to alter that a little. Also it’s a way for some of my students to get published, and it's good promotion fur our magazines." The 
English 
Department publishes a literary magazine, cold-drill. and rails Ahsahta Press. The poster poetry is drawn from both. 
Trusky started P IP P in 
1975 as Transfers, a monthly selection of verse posted in the city's buses. A new operating company reserved the space for advertising, and Trusky switched to sending posters to all sorts of plates where people gather and have a few minutes to read. 

7 ’re r e a d th e p o e m s , b u t 
J r e a lly h a r e n ' t understood some o f th e m f says o n e o b ­ server 

Modern poetry being what it is, the verse has received mixed rev iews. 
" I ve read the poems, but 
I really haven't under­ stood some of them ,” says Marlene Stuart, who works at the 
Idaho 
Department of 
Health and Welfare office in 
Rupert. That’s 17o miles east of Boise, but Trusky sends posters out of town, too — as far away as San 
Francisco. 
Reactions 

“ Some people like them, some ask. ‘what the hell is th a t?"’ says 
Robert Huffstodt, gener­ al service manager at 
Morrison-Knudson Co. and father of one of the public1 poets. The month­ ly poetry is posted in the employe cafeteria. 

One poem that ran into flak from citizen-readers 

7 e n jo y re a c h ­ ing a lot o f people' 

 recently was by Kathleen 
McDonald: 

I nod out at Whiskey's 
Last set of Velvet Un­ derground 
Humming rim shot drum roll 
Languid screams 
Waitress stacking chairs no shape to drive home 
3 a.m. at airport 
Acid freaks ride mov­ ing sidewalks 
Wet diamond voltage eyes 
Stark raving mad. 

"I showed that one to a number of customers and employes, and there was quite a bit of adverse reaction." says Margaret 
Nibrand. display man­ ager at Idaho Power Co. 
"The people acted kind of stunned. They said things like, ‘is that what we're coming to?’ 
“ My bosses wouldn’t let me even post the first ones, but the later ones we’ve put up and the customers seem to have appreciated them." 
Not by coincidence. 
Trusky hustled out gen­ tler poems. 

‘Mouse* 

The poster series has covered subjects from 
Indian reservations to 
World War II battles, but the most popular so far seems to have been a 
February poster which 
Trusky calls “ concrete' art." 
It’s the word 
“ Mouse” made into a drawing of the animal with Hie point of the 
“ M” forming the rodent’s ears and back. 
Trusky admits that the fora.v into visual art was calculated to gain popular acceptance for the series. But the most recent installment, 
"Bessie Dreaming Bear" by Indian author Mamie 
Walsh, moves back into the realm of word poetry: 
We all went into town one day went to a store bought you new shoes red high heels ain't seen you since 

 m iliar with the school programs say they help make up for the limited opportunities of many 
Soviets to become ac­ quainted with modern technology. 
While a complicated radio receiver, auto­ mobile or airplane model is nothing novel to many western children, such 

 items might not be avai­ lable to young Soviets if it were not for school programs and D O SA A F. 
Since arm y recruits here are often assigned directly to active m ili­ tary units fur training instead of going to basic training camps, the more acquaintance they have with mechanical equip­ 

 ment the better their ad­ justment will be. 
School programs also stress sports activities and DOSAAF' runs 16 na­ tional sports federations. 
Children are encouraged to attain physical stan­ dards laid down by the national Ready for Labor and 
Defense program, 
, called OTO. 
S o vie t youths g e t instruction in p a rac h u te jum ping 
AR WIREPHOTO 

No muss, no fuss summer hair sales. 
For him. 
For her. 

UniPerm sole 18.88. Reg. $25. For men and women. Gives luxurious look of thickness, conditions while it curls. 

Gimme Curl sale 16.88. Reg. $2o. Custom conditioners make it your personal recipe for soft, natural curl. 

All perms include shampoo, cut and styling. Charge it. No appointment necessary. 

Perms not recommended for bleached hair. 

The JCPenney Styling Salon 
South Pork 923-5461 
Windsor Pork 654-1 565 

*1977 JCPenney Co . Inc 
Choose your new custom draperies now. And get 25% off the labor and installation. 

This may be more than you ever wanted to know about mattress sets. 
So we’ll get right down to the bottom line. 
Save$7oto$12oin our Posture Ecstasy closeout. 

 tR n n ru 

12 side supports prevent sagging 

Insulation layer includes wire grid mesh plus fiber insulator pad 

Cushioned layer is heavy cotton felt plus V2" thick po yurethane pad 

Redecorating on a budget is easier than ever with this great JCPenney offer. Select handsome fabrics for custom draperies at regular price; we’ll do the labor and installation at 25% savings. Just call, and a 
JCPenney decorator will bring you fabric samples, illustrations, and ideas. Then our expert craftsmen make your draperies to your exact specifications. The result; handsome new window looks, plus savings on the labor and installation. 
Sale prices effective through Saturday. 

For JCPenney Custom Decorating 
Service call 654-155o 
JCPenney 

^ Luxury layer is multi-needle quilted to two polyurethane pads 

Cover of elegant blue damask quilted to luxury layer. 

Your choice of extra firm coil or super firm foam in both mattress and foundation. 
612 coils for full size. 
Twin mattress or foundation; orig. 119.95, 
Now 84.95 each 
Full mattress or foundation; orig. 139.95, 
Now 1o4.95 
Queen set; orig 339 .95,Now 239.95 
King set; with additional choice in 2-piece split foundation—you can have extra firm on one side, super firm on the other; orig. 479.95, 
Now 359.95 
Queen and King sizes sold only in sets. m 
V j/U fc ?t?n u n u r v m u s u b s s u i 
JCPenney 

South Park 923-5461 
Windsor Park 654-155o 
South Park 
Windsor Park 
*1977 JCPenney Co., Inc 

Poge 
4 J 
San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday M ay 8 I 9 7 7 
Floating on air in your own helicopter 

W A S H IN G T O N POST SERVICE 

T E M P E , Ariz. — T he first th in g you notice is the sm ooth­ ness: The two 12Vi foot rotors a re w hipping around at 5oo rpm 
— 435 m .p.h. at the tips — and the gism o is hanging about a foot off the g ro u n d . A little noisy, but so cushioned: floating on air. 
The blades of grass are diving for cover in the slipstream underneath you and then - WHIIISSSSSSSSSSS - the thing slides forward at 45 m.p.h., slips over a river bank almost kissing the water, and then ares up gracefully at 
8(1o feet per minute. 
In 4o seconds you’ve traveled half a mile only to stop in mid-air, hovering over a tree at 5oo feet, staring down like a bird. 
B.J. Schramm was dream ing about birds in the early ‘5os when most kids his age were listening to Johnny Ace crooning “ Pledging My Love” on the radio. He was in high school then, fas­ cinated by stories about Jam es Bond­ like m ilitary plans to design a one-man collapsible helicopter that could he dropped behind enemy lines in Korea. 
The Army lost interest. Schram m never did. By 1958 he had made a per­ sonal commitment to the development of a personal helicopter for use by al­ most anyone. He’s sold about a thou­ sand prototype one-seaters and ibis week he opens his first Sky Center here n ear Phoenix, a tra in in g com plex where people will learn to build and f! the Scorpion 133, a tw o-seater heli­ copter with a 12o-mile range that sells for $13,5oo — less than many Porsches, 
Mercedes, BMW’s and Cadillacs. 
The price includes flight training, and Schram m 's RotorWay Corp. is al­ ready booked for a full year, with 2o people a week signed up to start flying. 

Romantic 
“ You go up to one in five people on the street and you’ll find an interest in the ro m an ticism of h e lic o p te rs,’’ 
Schram m says. “ Certainly the Viet­ nam war indoctrinated people about helicopters. They think only rich peo­ ple can afford them, but we’re trying to make helicopters for the little guy.” 
It has taken Schramm 18 patents and 
19 of his 39 years to get this far. His 

7 taught myself to fly the thing9 

 family — dairy farmers from Arcadia, 
Wis. — thought he was crazy to keep at iV p a rtic u la rly after he flunked a cou rse in airfram e construction at 
Pasadena College. 
He hustled his relatives and friends for money. He sold encyclopedias door to door and worked as a m achinist to support his habit. He spent three years ju st designing a rotor system that 
^ould get up to speed without disinte­ grating; another five to get the thing to fly through a tight circle. 
He started using outboard marine motors as a power plant, tried adapt­ ing a VW engine to the c ra ft, and wound up m an u factu rin g his own water-cooled engine from scratch. 
The films are gone now, burned in a warehouse fire, of the day Schram m ’s dream machine finally flew. 
Desert flight 
He was living in L.A. then, and had driven with a friend four hours into the desert, to the El Mirage dry lake, be­ cause no airport would let his screw­ ball, hom e-m ade flying egg-beater near the place. 
“ I ta u g h t m yself the to fly the thing,” he says, “ ” I didn t have a li­ cense then; I couldn’t afford to get one. 
I got about six inches off the ground and probably flew less distance than the Wright brothers at Kitty Hawk.” 
“ When I put down. I threw my hel­ met up in the air about 5o feet and ran around the craft like a crazy man in hundred-foot circles.” 
As slow as the p ro g ress was, 
Schramm kept believing in helicopters as a mode of personal transportation. 
Maybe it was growing up in the ‘5os; all those pictures in comic books thai depicted the skies of the future filled with little transpo rt devices — the sam e p ic tu re s th at used belching smokestacks as a symbol of progress and had cloverleafs and four-lanes down below uncluttered with stream ­ lined vehicles guided by electronic sensors. 

,, /• 

But just as the sm okestacks were legislated to stop belching, and the electronic cars never became a reality, helicopters have not exactly become a household item: there are only 5,5oo non-m ilitary choppers in the entire 
United .States, according to Rotor & 
Wing magazine. 

Big change 
Schram rn plans to change that — ra­ dically. He’s already quick to point out that about one-fifth of Am erica’s pri­ vate h elicio p ters w ere sold by his company in the last six years, and that next y ear the total fleet will be in­ creased about 18 per cent, solely by 
RotorWay Scorpions. 
“ You’re not seeing the helicopter used en m asse.” he says, “ because th ere’s no training program for the average guy. 
“ You’re talking about a minimum of 
$1oo a hour just to rent a trainer , then 
$41) for the instructor, not to mention the cheapest thing you could buy until the Scorpion came out cost $85,ooo. The m arket is virtually untapped, because there isn’t anybody who has the same idea as us.” 
Of course, there maybe another rea­ son; The helicopter is a mechanical contrivance, ll has no dynamic stability. It just hangs from a shaft. It doesn’t want to fly (unlike a fixed wing plane, which constantly seeks a flying attitude). The pilot has to fly in, and he has to know­ how it works — intimately. 

Tuning it 
“ It’s like a m usical in strum ent,” says Schramm. “ The musician has to know how to tune it. The mechanic and the pilot usually make the helicopter work together. In a private helicopter you have to compress the two.” 
So RotorWay’s plan is to have the buyer build the craft allows us to teach the owner to be his own m echanic. 
Twenty-five per cent of the cost of a 
Bell helicopter is for product liability insurance. We won’t sell it to you put together because the individual is really the manufacturer and this way he bears the responsibility. 
“We don’t want to have to charge an extra 25 or 3o per cent to protect our­ selves from you. 
“ I’m not interested in selling every 
Tom, Dick and Harry a helicopter. I know P.T. Barnum said, ‘I don’t care what they’re saying about me as long as they’re talking about m e.’ But I don’t feel that way. I may never be a rich man, but I think you have to use good sense in these things. 
“ We just won t sell to anyone. We’ve gotten in q u iries from police departm ents, and we tell them to get a 
Hughes 3oo. We make people come out here, and we talk to thenrbefore we’ll sell them one. 

Open space 
“ F o rg et about taking off from a subdivision or a big city. But if you have an acre and your neighbors don’t m ind, you can take off from your backyard.” 
Which is not to say that, in fact, the helicopter could not become a common mode of transportation in the future. 

While fixed-wing a irc ra ft are re ­ quired to maintain certain minimum altitudes, helicopters can go as low as they can be controlled safely, which is roughly 51) feet above the ground. 
“The w hole purpose of owning a he­ licopter is so you can stay away from controlled airports,” says Schramm. 
Varied 
The people who will start arriving at the 
Sky 
C enter, acco rd in g to 
Schramm, are about as varied as can be imagined. “ If you could have asked 
Henry Ford who he was selling his 
Model T ’s to, I d tell you the sam e people,” Schramm says. 
“ A fanner. A construction contrac­ tor. A mailman. A large corporation executive. A man who owns three Jet 
R angers ($25o,ooo Bell helicopters) and wants a Scorpion to play with. The only people absent from the group are really low-income bracket people from heavily populated areas. 

“ It’s basically folks who want them for recreation. They see our ads and get intrigued with the freedom of heli­ copter flight.” 

Schramm has an intense but almost bumbling quality about him that sug­ gests the stereotype of engineer or ab­ sent-minded professor. He’s a dream er in wash-and-wear clothes: no flash, just work. 

He’s vaguely aware that his ideas he stuck a propeller on the back of his won at dune buggy races. He has plans your ow-n engine, and how the company might have some effect on the future of wagon. A few years later he borrowed to open Sky Centers soon in Texas and developed a tiny little gasoline motor human transportation. 
He's much 
{he engine from the family law n somewhere on the East Coast, but he that powers h a n d tools in order to work m ore fascinated by the m echanical mower to build a go-cart. seems more interested in talking about the bugs out of the 133 HP Scorpion thing than the idea. When he was a kid 
His office is littered with trophies^ the problems of designing and casting engine. 
G O O D Y E A R 

 im 
Indianapolis Winner 
Johnny Rutherford says: 
Winner... 
Goodyear 
STEEL BELT RADIALS 

&. JI Schramm stands w ith his brainchild, the Scorpion f 33 tw o-seater personal helicopter 

'G8oo+S' Double Belted 
Metric Radials For 
Foreign & Sports Cars 

155SR-13 blackball plus St 67 
F E T. and old tire 
*33 

165SR-13 *37 

155SP-15 *43 

165SB 15 blackwall pius 
$1 8 ! F E T and old tire 

 blackw all plus 
$1 32 E E T and old tire 

 blackwall plus 
$2.o3 f E T and old tire 

'Custom Polysteel' 
New Car Radials 
Built With Two Full* 
Width Steel Cord Belts 

Size 
J - ' OUR f 
PRICE 

Plus 
F.E.T and old tire 
AR78-13 
$4o 
$1.99 

BR78-13 
$45 
$2.o6 

DR78-14 
$55 
$2.38 

FR78-14 
$6o 
$2.65 

GR78-14 
$63 
$2.85 

GR78-15 
$64 
$2.9o 

HR78-15 
$69 
$3.11 

LR78-15 
$75 
$3.44 ! j 

RAIN CHECK J- lf we sell out of your sire delivery at the advertised price. we w ill issue you a rain check, assuring future 

REPEAT OF A BEST SELLER! 

A78-13 blackwall plus $1 73 F.E.T. and old tire 
Power Streak’ 78 
. Goodyear s best-selling polyester cord tire, dependable bias-ply construction. 

Blackwall f 
OUR 
Plus 
F.E.T. and 
Size 
PRICE old tire 
B78-13 
E78-14 
F78-14 
G78-14 

$1.8o 
$2.26 
$2.37 
$2.53 
G78-15 
$28.2o 
$2.59 
H78-15 
$3o.3o 
$2.79 

VW OWNERS! 
$ 

5.6o-15 blackwall plus 

$1.7o F E T. and old tire 

_ Power Streak' 78 .. 
Polyester cord bias- ply body, six-rib road-holding tread, 

MAKE YOUR! 
OWN TRACKS 
WITH OUR 
'TRACKER AT' 

1o-15 T I load Ranee B Blackwall 
Pius SA 18 f.ET and old tire 

1o-15 TL load Range 8 WHITE LETTER 
Pius $a 18 f.E T and c d tire 

• Perfect for vans • Brawny, hard- • Rugged polyes- and RV’s pulling tread ter cord body 

Hassle-Free Auto Service...For More Good Years In Your Car 

Lube & Oil Change 

Up to 5 qts of major brand IO 3o grade OM 

• Complete chassis lubri­ cation and oil change 
• Helps ensure long wearing parts and smooth, quiet performance • Includes light trucks 

Ask (or o u r Free Battery 
Power Check 

Brakes-Your Choice 
$4Q88 

Additional parts extra if needed 

2-W h e e l F ro n t D isc; Install new front disc brake pads‘ Repack and inspect front wheel b e a rin g s. In­ spect hydraulic system and rotors 
{does not include rear wheels) 
OR 
4 W neel D ru m -ty p e : Install new brake linings all four wheels • Re­ pack fro n t wheel bearings* Inspect drums and brake hydraulic system, add fluid. 

Goodyear Heavy Duty 
Double Action Shocks 

SAVE 
*45S ea. 

SALE ENDS 
SATURDAY NIGHT 

• im proves ride A handling 
• Protects suspension parts 
• Most popular sues available 

I i s e t O v a 
• Goodyear Revolving Charge • Our Own Customer Credit Plan • Master Charge 
JUST jQ y L n a rg e ft. . . 
SIaJJV • BankAmericard • American Express Money Card • Carte Blanche • Diners Club 
See The Guys n j! In The Winners Caps 

■ 
» i f kIw fK G O O D Y E A R 

See Your Independent Dealer For His Price. Prices As Shown At Goodyear Service Stores In All Communities Served By This Newspaper. Services Not Available at Starred Locations 

G O O D Y E A R S E R V IC E ST O R E S O p e n M o n ., W e d ;, Thor*., Fri. 8 to 5 : 3 o Tues., 9 to 5 : 3 o Sot. 8 to 5 

DOW NTO W N 
81o S. St. Mary’s 
222-1373 

NORTHWEST 
3566 Fredsbg. Rd. 
735-6141 

NORTHEAST 

IS IS Austin Highway 
8 2 4 -o 2 o 8 

WEST 
Itll Wast (ommaru 
225-7677 

NOR WH STAR 
226 Raptor 
344-9786 llU " 
I '— M - ^ M ^ I I 
SOUTH 
2131 S.W. Military 
923-4563 

NORTH 
47o2 San Pedro 
824-2371 

SOUTHEAST 
1346 Foir 
534-5468 

DOWNTOWN 
4o1 N. Alamo 
227 -7 3 8 1 

EAST 
3o3S la st Com rn* ret 
225-7266 

PERRIN PLAZA 
11479 F arrin-lattal Rd. 
656-3111 

NORTHWEST 
1498 Hillcrest 
434-31o6 

W A S H IN G T O N p o s t p h o t o 

G O O D Y E A R IN D E P E N D E N T D E A L E R S 

NEW BRAUNFELS 
625-2323 

FREDERICKSBURG 
997-7556 

KERRVILLE 
257-8484 

SEG U IN 
379-228o 

BARBER TIRE A APPLIANCE 
Cavin*, Tass* 
663-57o6 

BAUM AN TIRE 
22o1 Cincinnati 
735-5251 

SPEIER AUTO SERVICE CENTEi 
I a 
4 2 1 F re d e ricksb u rg R o o d 
I ★ 
734-4385 
I 

 r 
ATASCOSA TIRE CENTER 
1 1 9 W . O aklaw n Hwy. 97 W att 
Pleasanton, Texas 569-3484 

RANDOLPH TIRE CENTER, INC. 
979 Pot S oaker Read 
Universal City, Tx. 

Legally yours 

Son Antonio EXFRESS-NEWS— Sunday May 8 I 977 

A public service feature of the Sot Antonio bor Assn. 

Z J - 
J \ 

(AGtfcO)AND i c i i /i/.A«5)D »E SIM­ 
ULTANEOUSLY IH AUTO 
ACCIDENT, 
LL Caf LV, 
WHO IS PRESUMED THE 
SUN V/VOQ 

£ ] MR.SMITti □MRS SMITW 

COPYRIGHT 1976. Bar Assn. Features Co. 

ANSWER: 
Both. Under Texas law, the separate property of each and their respective share of the community property will be disposed of as if each had survived the other. (Other rules apply as to property owned in joint tenancy or under a sur­ vivorship agreement.) Unless Mr. and 
Mrs. Smith m ake different legal pro­ vision for the possibility of sim ultan­ eous death (in their wills for example), all of Mr. Smith’s property will descend to his heirs, except Mrs. Smith, and all of Mrs. Smith’s property will descend to her heirs, except Mr. Smith. 

This feature presents legal principles and problems. Even though this feature is provided by your San Antonio Bar Assn., it should not be taken as a legal opinion or advice, which can be given only by an attorney after considering all relevant facts and circumstances pertinent to your situation. 

South Texas Vacation Guide is out 

Places to go and things to do in South Texas this season and a calendar of events are part of this year's Vacation Guide published by the South 
Texas Chamber of Com­ merce. 
The 19Z7 South Texas 
Vacation Guide includes a brief history of the 
South 
Texas region, features on major tourist attractions, outdoor acti­ vities, sporting locations and celebrations and a calendar of special events for May through 
November. 
The guide will also contain a descriptive listing of state parks in the area, general infor­ mation on Texas liquor 

 laws, hunting and fishing information and border regulations. 
Another section of the 
4o-page guide provides a full color area map along with local chamber of commerce addresses in 
43 South Texas cities and towns. 
This is the fourth year the increasingly popular magazine-style guide has been published by the chamber, according to 
Sam Godfrey of San An­ tonio,cham ber chairman; 
Copies will be distri­ buted through the l l De­ partment of Texas High­ ways and Public Tran­ sportation Tourist Bur­ eaus state wide. 
The guide will also be 

 advertised in the May ing.” hie at the Chamber of- Antonio, 78213, or by mail cover postage and han- issue of "Southern Civ- 
Free copies are availa- five, IOU NW 1H41o, San by sending 5o cents to dling to that address. 

C hief NCO selected 

James C. Lloyd has been named Chief of the 
Senior Noncommissioned Officers Assignment 
Branch at Randolph AFB Military Personnel Center. 
Chief Lloyd will be responsible for the overall management and worldwide distribution of all senior and chief master sergeants serving in the Air 
Force’s top two enlisted grades plus all master sergeants serving at the superintendent level. 
A veteran of 27 years Air Force service, Chief 
Lloyd comes to his new post from AFM PC’s 
Utilization Policy Development Section where he was an assignment policy action officer. 
Prior to that he was NCOIC of Operations Assign­ ments at Headquarters Security at Kelly AFB. 
“ Personalized service has been the trademark of the Senior NCO Assignments Branch since its inception in 1968,” Chief Lloyd said. “ I look forward to a carrying on the tradition of serving our senior 
NCOs throughout the Air Force and welcome their assignment queries.” 

I Mew Clearance Center 

Hundreds of Unadvertised Specials Throughout the Store 

TE AC A -23ooS 
REEL TO REEL 
4-Track Two-Channel 
STEREO DECK 

Was 629.95 

FORECAST 

Showers 
Stationary Occluded 

 gores show 

 g h mperatures for area 

Data from 

N A T I O N A L WEATHER SERVICE 
N O A A U S Dept of Commerce 

SAN A N T O N IO A N D V IC IN I 
TY — Cloudy to p artly cloudy 
Sunday through Monday. South to southeast winds at eight to 18 mph. Low Sunday night neor 7o. 
H igh Su nday and M o n d a y in mid-8os. Sun rises at 6:46 and sets at 8: IS. Pull moon. Moon sets at 11:53 a rn. Tem peratures 
Saturday ranged from 72 to 83 degrees. (National W eather Se r­ vice forcast.) 
R E L A T IV E H U M ID IT Y — 67 
Per cent as of 7 p.m. Saturday. 
P R E C I P IT A T I O N 
- 
T o tal rainfall for the 24-hour period en d in g at 7 p m . S a t u r d a y , trace; for the month, trace; for th e y e a r, 
13.69 in c h e s 
A c ­ cumulated departure from nor­ mal for the month, minus .57 of on inch; for the year, plus 5,32 inches. 
N O R T H 
T E X A S 
- 
C o n sid erab le m orn in g cloud* ness, otherwise clear to p artly c lo u d y , w a rm an d h u m id through Monday. 
SO UTH T E X A S - Cloudy to partly cloudy and w arm through 
Monday. 
W EST T E X A S — P a rtly cloudy with w idely scattered thu nd er­ storms through Monday. 
N A T IO N A L — R a tn s h o w e rs w ill be widely scattered along the C aliforn ia Coast. Sh ow ers w ill also be scattered through east portions of the interm oun­ ta in reg io n an d a c r o s s th e northern R ock ies through the 
Missouri Valley. M ore showers and occasional thundershow ers w ill be spread over east and ce n tra l Flo rid a . Sh ow ers w ill also be scattered over west por­ tions of New England. Tem pera to res w ill be w a rm from the 
G eorgia coast through F lo rid a and the eastern Gulf Coast. It will be cool over the Northeast from New England through the 
Great Lakes and Ohio Valley. It will also be cool from the Rock­ ies through the P a c ific Coast. 
Elsewhere, tem peratures will be seasonably mild. 
M A R IN E 
W IN D S — Southeasterly winds 
12 to 17 mph through Sunday. 
Seas will be two to four feet. 
T ID E S — P o rt A ra n s a s for 
Monday: Highs at 1o;28 a.m. and 
7 29 p.m. Lows at 2:15 a.m. and 
6:o3 p.m. Port Isabel for M on­ d ay: Highs at 11:27 a m. and 
8.28 p.m. Lows at 3:o4 a.m. and 
6:52 p.m. 

T E M P E R A T U R E E X T R E M E S 
Lowest, 25 degrees at Hibbing, cmd International Foil, Minn, and 
Houghton, Mich. 
Highest, 97 degrees at Florence, 

SAN ANTONIO 
PR E C IP IT A T IO N 
1977 
1976 
Ave. 
Rec. 
Jan 
3.1o 
o.56 
1.76 
8.32 
Feb. 
o.91 
o.13 
1.65 
7.88 
Mar. o.88 
1.2o 
1.67 
4.19 
Apr. 
8.85 
8.41 
2.28 
11.64 
May 
T. 
5.8o 
3.45 
14 o7 
1976 
1975 
Ave. 
Rec. 
Jun. 
1.61 
4.6o 
2.95 
1o.44 
Ju ly 
5.39 
o.44 
1 69 
8.18 
Ai.q. 
2.o9 
1.22 
2.36 
11.14 
Sept 
3.79 
o.51 
4 59 
15.78 
Of t 
8.48 
2.25 
2.3o 
9 56 
N TV 
2.46 
o.o3 
1.37 
6.79 
Dec. 
1.95 
1.48 
1.75 
6 22 

F O R E IG N 
Based on observations taken at 
6 a.m. S a tu rd a y San Antonio time. Tem peratures a re rn F a h ­ renheit (left) and Centigrade ) 

City 
Far. 

Aberdeen 
Amsterdam 
Ankara 
Antigua 
Athens 
Auckland 
Berlin 
Beirut 
Birmingham 
Bonn 

Cent. 

45 
o/ 
57 ll 
52 
11 
81 
71 
66 
19 
45 
o7 
55 
13 
7o 
21 
52 
11 
54 
12 

Brussels 
5/ 14 
Cairo 
81 27 
Casablanca 
66 
19 
Copenhagen 
55 
13 
Dublin 
52 ll 
Geneva 
54 
12 
Hong Kong 
82 
28 
Lisbon 
IO 
21 
London 
57 
14 
M adrid 
64 
18 
M alta 
7o 
21 
M anila 
84 
29 
Moscow 
79 
26 
New Delhi 
93 34 
Nice 
61 
16 
Oslo 
61 
16 
Paris 
5v is 
Peking 
72 22 
Rome 
66 
19 
Saigon 
86 3o 
Seoul 
55 
13 sofia 
66 
19 
Stockholm 
59 15 
Sydney 
59 
15 
Taipei 
75 24 
Teheran 
81 27 
Tel A viv 
75 24 
Tokyo 
63 17 
Tunis 
54 12 
Vienna 
54 12 
W arsaw 
63 17. 
SOUTH A M E R IC A 

Asuncion 
7o 21 
Buenos Aires 
59 15 
Lim a 
64 18 
Monlevideo 
-- 
-• 
Rio De Janeiro 
72 
22 

State still under clouds 

ASSOCIATED PRESS 
Slivers of sunshine punched through statewide cloud cover 
Saturday afternoon and temperatures continued warm. 
Light mist was report­ ed Saturday around Dal­ las, but no other precipi­ tation was squeezed out of the general cloudiness. 
Forecasts called for continued scattered clouds through Sunday, w ith thunderstorms pos­ sible over parts of YVest 
Texas. Temperatures were expected to remain mostly in the 8os during the afternoon. 

T E X A S W E A T H E R 

Forecast 

City Temparture 

Sun. 
Mon. 

Am arillo 
6o-82 
6o-85 
W arm , cloudy 
Austin 
7o-85 
7o-85 
\ 
Cloudy, mild 
Laredo 
75-9o 
75-92 
Cloudy, worm 
Corpus Christi 
75-88 
75 88 
Cloudy, w arm 
Victoria 
75-88 
75 88 
Cloudy, w arm 
Dallas-Fort Worth 
68 88 
68 88 
Humid, cloudy 
McAllen-Brownsville 75-88 
75-88 
Cloudy, w arm 
Houston 
72-85 
72-85 
Cloudy, w arm 

M E X IC O 
(M e x ic a n te m p e ra tu re s a p ­ p e ar in both F a h re n h e it and 
C entigrade or Celsius. F a h re n ­ heit is listed first in each column.) 
Acapulco ........... 74/23 
87/31 
G uadalajara 
...61/ 16 
87/31 
Mayodan ........... 62/17 
82/28 
Mexico City ....5 7 14 
86/3o 
M o n te rre y 
71/22 
86/3o 

HHH 

•i. t r - r - 
• 

V 
I O 
O 
^ 
G 
U 
O 
O 
* * * '' viz ( J 

STERLING 46-15oo 
AUTOMATIC 
CHANGER 
Complete with base, dust cover & cartridge 

WAS 
89.95 

SONY SOR 475o 
A M /EM 2/4-CH AN NEL STEREO RECEIVER 
3 W atts R.M.S. per channel, 2 channels driven, 2o- 
3,ooo H i. at 8 ohms with less than .o 8% T.H.D. 

W A S 5oo.oo 

DUAL 51o 
BELT-DRIVE TURNTABLE 
SEM I-AUTO M ATIC W ITH B A S I & 
DUST COVER INCLUDED 

WAS 238.85 

 ft O Jfe J & O * STIP® 

CLASSIC L-45o 
STEREO SPEAKER 
12 Inch, Three-Way 

WAS 
149.95 

KENWOOD KR-14oo 
AM/FM STEREO RECEIVER 
IO W atts R.M.S. per channel, at 8 ohms, 5o-2 o,ooo 
Hi. with no m ore than 1 .o % T.H.D. 

WAS 179.95 

W A S 
119.95 
79.95 

AM/FM 
C B RADIO 

Ail in one In-Dash Unit for less than the cost of a good car stereo alone I 

FINAL CLEARANCEI 

L I P B 1 cn 
CRAIG 3145 IN-DASH AM/FM 
SHtu STEREO RADIO WITH STEREO 
8-TRACK TAPE PLAYER 

ELECTRO-VOICE 
EVS-13oo 
STEREO SPEAKER 
8 Inch, Two-Way 

WAS 
79.95 
STERLING s o u n d . 

R O Y C E 

1-6oo 
23 CHANNEL CB TRANSCEIVER 

REFURBISHED 

WHILE THEY LAST! 

LIMIT ONE PER CUSTOMER 

Demos-One of a Kind 
Last Year Models 

46oo SAN PEDRO AVENUE 735-9173 12 N O O N -6 PM TODAY! 

• R E A T E R SAN ANTONIO 
Antonio 
72 
83 
SOUTH T E X A S 
7o nile 
71 vnsville 
75 
>us Christi 75 
Ila 
72 
*1o 

 isville 

 r HIO 

Worth 

 uigeio 

7o 
62 
7o 
72 
T E X A S 
63 
57 
59 
69 
51 
69 
73 
* 63 
7o 
65 
69 
SOUTHWEST 

84 
85 
88 
82 
68 
83 
88 
83 
87 

83 
89 
85 
82 
85 
84 
84 
85 
86 
85 
86 

48 
72 
5o 
51 
61 ake City 44 lego 
53 

.ngeles 
'egos 

SOUTH C E N T R A L aseity 
63 
V ille 
63 ahis 
71 ioma City 61 ais 
63 
66 

77 
77 
91 
84 
75 
85 
SOUTHEAST 

 ngham estop onvilte gleans 

6o 
62 
72 
64 
68 
64 
61 
67 

84 
89 
93 
94 
85 
87 
85 
89 
NORTHW EST 
32 
42 r 
47 a 
37 nd, Ore. 41 
City 
41 rancisco 49 j 
44 ne 
39 
NORTH C E N T R A L 
JO 
39 
54 t 
41 
64 
) 
3o 
64 

74 
74 
77 
67 
65 
64 
59 
69 
6o 

•OO 

.o2 
.oo 
■ OO 
.oo 
.OO 
.oo 
.OO 
.oo 
.OO 

.OO 
.OO 
.oo 
.OO 
.OO 
.OO 
.OO 
.OO 
.OO 
.oo 
.o2 

.oo 
.OO 
.34 
.oo 
.oo 
.o4 
.15 

.oo 
.o8 
.oo 
.oo 
.o9 
.OO 

.67 
.oo 
.OO 
.oo 
.OO 
.52 
1.43 
.oo 

.oo 
.OO 
.OO 
.14 
•OO 
.OO 
.o5 
.OO 
.OO 

,oo 
.oo 
.oo 

 you know our secret. 

• A pre-engineered structure—virtually 
|g$f' unyielding to the ravages of time; especially 
I JI : in San Antonio’s expansive soil. 

 h 
* Beautiful tile, coping, and decks- 

Water Purification Systems designed to insure that “extra” in water sanitation. 

-built 

Recirculation Systems that operate at less than I /2 the cost of others. 

And San Antonio s largest pool builder to back up the facts. 

Free Estimates and 1oo% Financing 
3413331 

 f U 
> atocha m ook 

SAN ANTONIO- I 11 N.t.Loop4!o 
AUSTIN — 1oo7 W. Anderson Lane 
DALLAS —2424 Royal Lane 

Rector S t opposite N. Star Mall • Open Mon. & mars. 'til 9 • Phone 342-9411 

SAVE UP TO 4o% 
SAVE IO* 
/W=w Accounts frn/ited? installment Plans-Extended credit 

ON DISCONTINUED AND ONE-OF-A- 
ON A L L SPEC IA L 
National credit cards Diner's club. 
„ A carte Blanche, American Express 

KIND ITEMS, FLOOR SAM PLES, ETC. 
O RD ERS 
Mastercharge. BankAmericard 

San Antonio EXPRESS-N EW S — Sunday M a y 8 I 9 7 7 
SAC newspaper wins 
Press Assn. award 

The student newspaper at San Antonio College, 
The Ranger, has won the sweepstakes award from the Texas Junior College 
Press Assn. for the fourth consecutive year. 

The weekly newspaper won the top award com­ peting with about 3o 

 other Texas junior col­ leges. The Ranger won individual awards in IO of the 17 categories. 
Individual winners were Margaret Cessac, investigative reporting; 
Evan Davies, headline writing and page ma­ keup; Martha Sheridan, general column; Al Ren- 

American Red Cross 
Youth Volunteers will be needed at Brooke Army 
Medical 
Center this summer for work in most hospital areas, said Mrs. 
Lou Busby, volunteer chairman. 

Boys and girls from 14 to 18 volunteering for the summer program will be 

 required to attend a ho­ spital orientation and a 
Red Cross orientation. 

The hospital orienta­ tion will be held Saturday and the Red Cross orien­ tation May 21. Youths in­ terested in the program should contact the Red 
Cross at BAME or call 
221-5553. 

 don, news photography; 
Susan Hoermann, fea­ tures photography, pic­ ture pages, panels and series and sports photo­ graphy. 
Others were 
Tim 
McGrath, sports writing; 
Jeff Johnson, feature writing; Mark Davis, sports column and sports feature and 
Martha 
Sheridan and Margaret 
Cessac, newswriting. 
The Ranger won the general excellence award and an advertising award. 

“ San Antonio College made it a runaway, piling up seven firsts, five seconds, two thirds and two honorable men­ tions to total 49 points, more than double any contender,” Dr. David 
Bowers, TJCPA contest 
"UPSTAIRS, 
DOWNSTAIRS" 
FMfll€PtSOD€ TONIGHT RT 6:oo 
ON KLRN'TV, CHRNNtl 9 

Don't miss tonight's finale of one of television's most acclaimed series, "Upstairs, Down­ stairs." This final episode, originally scheduled for May 1, was pre-empted for the annua! 
K LR N -T V Auction. 

KLRN-TV 

 director, wrote in a letter announcing the winners. 
Earlier this year, the 
Ranger won a Pace­ maker Award from for 
Associated Collegiate 
Press 
— 
American 
Newspaper Publishers 
Assn. The Pacemeaker goes to the top junior and senior college newspapers in the country 
NLRB upholds firings 

Lone Star Bakery, Inc., has been upheld by the 
National Labor Relations 
Board in the firing of two employes in 1976. 

The employes had filed a complaint with the 
NLRB, charging they were laid off for trying to unionize bakery em­ ployes. 

NLRB Administrative 
Law Judge Russell L. 
Stevens handed down the decision after hearing the case in San Antonio 
March 29. 

Stevens said he could find no evidence sup­ porting the charges of 
Juan Vasquez and Ar­ mando Garcia, who were laid off in September, 
1976. 

Vasquez and Armando testified they were re­ peatedly warned against union activity at the bakery and were told the bakery would close if employes became members. 

The union involved was the Bakery and Confec­ tionery Workers Inter­ national Union of Ameri­ ca, AFL-CIO, Local 111. 

The NLRB decision re­ cognized the legal stand­ ing of the union in the matter. 

*F lip Side 

 of the News 

 mmmm 
Small sailin’ 

Surely you must be curious about this. Two grown men, dressed to the nines, standing in a swimming pool and saluting a toy boat. Their names are 
Arthur Oades and Bill Van Dieren.The boat’s owner 
Van Dieren, right, has entered his “ yacht” in the 
Sailing Regatta for People W ho Don’t Own 
4o-Foot Yachts and Can’t Swim Anyway. The 
SRPW D O 4oFYCSA is to be held May 28 in 
Vancouver, B.C.’s Bayshore Inn, of which Oades is manager. ap w ir e p h o t o 
Police lasso fugitive cow 

It’s all in a day’s work. 
After police officers Jack Quigley and John 
Johnston got a call about a loose cow in a resi­ dential neighborhood, they tracked the animal through backyards and onto a highway bypass. 
The policemen pulled a length of rope from the back of their car, fashioned it into a lariat and closed in. 
Quigley, in the driver’s seat, had his foot on the gas pedal and his hands on the lasso. Johnson was in the passenger seat, steering the car. 
“ Officer Quigley was leaning out the window on the driver’s side ... We got it on the first try,” a proud Johnston said Thursday. The animal was tied down and returned to its owner. 
Bigfoot meets King . . . 

Wayne King is convinced there are huge ape­ like creatures lurking around the thickets of 
Northern Michigan, and he’s going to find them. 
The 4o-year-old Flint auto worker is serious about finding Bigfoot. 
He said his main goal in life is to prove that 
Bigfoot exists. He is looking for a creature about 9 feet tall, weighing between 8oo and 1,ooo pounds. 
It leaves giant footprints and a foul scent. 

Variations on a theme 

Brackenridge Zoo features a variety of sights and diversions — both sides o f the fence — S ta ff Photos by Charles Barksdale 

TSTA honors IO at awards banquet 

The 
Texas 
State 
Teachers Assn. Alamo 
District XX Saturday honored IO individuals and two groups for con­ tributions to education during an awards and 

(sui decrialris Hie attmys arni (alite lr assisi tfcu ut nr elfin ekniqe 

Furniture Co 

SAVE IOX to 4o% 

Save on home furnishings by all our famous-name manufacturers: 
BAKER • BERVEN • BRANDT • DREXEL • HEKMAN • HENREDON 

 installation banquet. 
The banquet was held in the Sheraton Motor 
Inn’s Starlight Room. 

Receiving awards for contributions to educa­ tion were Mrs. Bertha 
Bielefeld, Harlandale 
School District teacher; 
Charles Boggess, Har­ 

 landale superintendent; 
Mrs. Mary Lee Durham, 
Alamo Heights School 
District teacher; Dr. 
Chester Eastin, former 
East Central School Dis­ trict board member, and 
Manuel Esparza, South­ side Teachers Assn. pre­ sident. 
Also Mrs. Betty Esqui­ 

 vel, San Antonio School 
District board secretary, 
Maxwell Higginbotham, former North East School 
District board member; 
Catherine Rockett, Lack land 
School 
District teacher and Charles Sin- iff, general manager of the Herald Publishing 
Company. 

Recognition also went to the 
Eagle 
Pass 
Chamber of Commerce represented by Mrs. E l­ vira Ruiz, the Lackland 
School District board of trustees and superinten­ dent and Chet Hunt, Dis­ trict XX Alamo Sellout editor. 

Mother, why not let 42o 

 years experience prepare 

 your Sunday dinner. 

HERITAGE • FLAIR • KARASTAN • SHERRILL • SIMMONS 
SUFFEL • THOMASVILLE • WEIMAN. Many others. 

ON ALL 
IN-STOCK 
BEDROOM 
GROUPS. 

SAVE 
2o% 
ON ALL 
IN STOCK 
DINING 
ROOM 
GROUPS. 

SAVE 2o% 
ON ALL 
IN STOCK 
OCCASIONAL 
AND ACCENT 
FURNITURE, 
DESKS, 
PARTY SETS, 
BOOKCASES. 

Everything in our entire stock is reduced 1o% to 4o%. lf you want something not in stock, W E LL ORDER 
ANYTHING FOR YOU AT 1o% OFF. 

ON ALL UPHOLSTERED SOFAS, 
LOVESEATS & CHAIRS IN STOCK 

SAVE 1o% 

ON ALL DECORATIVE 
DRAPERY AND 
UPHOLSTERY 
FABRICS, 
CARPETING, 
AREA RUGS, 
BEDSPREADS 
AND PILLOWS. 

SAVE 2o% 

SAVE 2o% 
ON ALL ACCESSORIES, 
PICTURES, 
/ 4, 
MIRRORS AND 
C '/4 y 
LAMPS IN y- J.'.*v 
STOCK. 
>4' 
X *■.4. x 
.■ 

CONTINUED FROM PAGE 28D 

Cit or Findlt In 
TheKXFRESSNEW; 

TO PUCE YOUR *o CUI Ms. MOORE 225-1646 

• UVESTOCK'FEEO SEEDS 
94o ilVtSTOCIt FEED SEfDS 

• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
“ PUBLIC AUCTION” 
Saddles and Tack 

A large shipment of Western Saddles ond tack of oil kinds will 

 be auctioned off. Approx. IOO saddles, 14", IS ", 16" seats. 

Some padded, some hand tooled, backstitched and silver laced. 
Some are ranch-using saddles, some plain or rough out tooled 

 roping or cutting horse trees. Some Arabian, English, Youth and 

 childs saddles, some longhorn and stiver show saddles. All sad­ 

 dles have a 5 year written guarantee. Partial Tack listing: large 

 quantity of Tex-Tan ond Circle Y tack. 51o and the new 61o Sun­ 

 beam clippers, ear clippers. Trammel Bits, Roy type bits and 

 spurs. Ranch pads, Kool pads, blankets, ropes, big lead ropes, bridles, cinches, neatsfoot oil, showhead stalls, show halters, 

 approx. 3oo halters, breast collars, hot shots, whips, cooling 

 sheets. IOO s of items not listed. Each item offered will be sold 

 subject to inspection both individually and in group lots. Also 

 will be sold one new 2 horse w-w trailer fancy with brakes. 

“ A ll N a m e B r a n d M e r c h a n d i s e ” 

T E R M S : C a s h o r c h e c k w it h p r o p e r L D . 
SUNDAY, M A Y 15th, 1:3oPM 
SO N N Y ’S 
(512)367-591o 

T O O R i v e r v i e w D r iv e , K e r r v ill e , T X 
Auctioneer Bryan Stacy, lie. ssTX-lBS-o117 

• • • • • • • • • • • • • S O 

* 1 3 o 7 . 
HARRIS 
W e s t e r n c e n t e r 
1*772-3634 
622-93oo 

A - H A L E T R A I L E R S 
Horse Stock and Gooseneck 
N4w and Used; for Sale or Rent llso feed B a rre ls with Lids 
S L IM P O IL CO. Off IH 37 
|51 SI 
6o4 
Carolina nltes 
344-7215 

 new 
IAI 
J s 
533*51 

Anjgus 
B u ll. 
M ix e d p a irs . 
Springers Quality young country cattle. Good saddle 621-2125. 
Appaloosa Colt I yr, Dark Brown with white blanket. 1-755-4662. 
AQHA brood m are and 2 mo old filly.*923-7849 
A Q kFa R E G M are, 7 yrs old. 2 yr old Sa y More. 679-7335. 
A Q H A Stallion, 2 yr, g ray , 13-1 hands. Top Deck. M A K E O F F E R . 
659-o234._____________________________ 
B a b y C a lv e s $3o-55o 
G r a s s 
Calves 56o-SI IO. 922-8449.__________ 
2ooo 
B A L E S 
O F 
C A N E 
H A Y. 
622-3524_____________________________ 
Bargain 3 new saddles and tack, sell I or all 734-532o_______________ 
B E A U T IF U L ’ a A ra b G elding, 
E x c conform ation, disposition , cond. Eves only 1-769-33o5_______ 
Beautiful IO yr. old AQ HA gelding, g en tle ye t s p irite d . E x c e lle n t 
P le a s u r e h o rs e , 
NO 
B A D 
H A B IT S Call Lytle, 1-772-3957. 
Black Angus bull, app. 2 yrs. old. 
5275. 653-679o_______________________ 

BLANKENSHIP RANCH 
Registered Brahm an Heifers and 
Bulls. 512-824-9773._________________ 
B R IG H T P E A N U T H A Y , by the bale or truck load. 
622-3472; 
I 772-3231.___________________________ 
C a ttle 
F o r 
S a le , 
12 youn g 
Crossbred P rs and Sprin gers. 2 
Brahm an bulls. 621-23o3__________ 
Chestnut sorrel mare, 7 yrs, Boy 
Gelding 9 yrs 674-5431 oft 6________ 

•Coastal Bermuda* 
Sprigging and custom work, also chisel plowing and hay bailing. 
I 742-8415. Schum acher Bros 
C O A STA L H A Y 
______________ 651-6121_______________ 
•Coastal Sprigs .7o bu* 
Sutherland Springs 
________1-947-337o 1-947-3379________ 

CORRUGATED IRON 
SI 8 95 Per sq. 
F L O W E R S L B R CO 
2567 Goliad________________ 333-6171 
Custom hand made saddles, over 
5o used s a d d le s in sto ck . 
H u n d re d s of 1st and 2nd lin e boots. B and W Boot and Tack, 4o5 
S. Guadalupe St, San M arcos, Tx. 
I 392-4676. 

 t i ' k l 
^ 
Kaiser 
Aluminum-Covered 
FARM, RANCH, 
UTILITY BUILDING 
*Economicai, durable 
*1 5 % tooler, color choice 
•Exterior guarantees 
•Quick, professional erection on your site 

S T U R D Y 

S T R U C T U R E S , IN C . 
15999 Son Pedro Avenue 
San Antonio, Texas 78232 
CALI GEORGE HUNT 
(COLLECT) 512/494-3318 

Gentle 4 yr old Sorrel M are 
13 hands, ex perien ced rid e r $4oo. 
341-4111 ofter 6pm weekends 
G reat Sm all Horse for children. 
Saddle and all tack. $15o or best offer. 1-438-246o 
Hay Barn complete fram e, 24x4o, 
12' walls, 2x6 trusses. D elivered 
649-1299. 

H O R S E S , S A D D L E S AN D TACK 
622-3164 
34 Limousin bull, 
I yr old. 69o-9543 
75°o Limousin Bull Out of Dandin 
C. 28 mas. Call after 5. 658-8578 

Macdona Auction Sale 
E v e ry Sat. Livestock and ranch supplies, consignments welcome. 
12 mi. SW S A. M acdona, Tx 

M A Y S P E C I A L 
61 r ft Domestic tee post ... $1.98 
3' ?'x8’ No2 Penta Post 
....$ 1 8 9 
52"xl6' Cattle Panel ......... $16.95 
PV C Pipe per IOO ft 
...$ 8 .5 o 
12' 2 ga. imp barb 
............. $15 95 
Common B R T Nails 5o1b 
. $14.5o 
B A R K E R S U P P L Y 
3151 S E M ilitary Dr 333-6o41 
Not much to look at, but great to ride. This 7 yr. gentle m are is an excellent pleasure horse or first horse for your child. $21o. C all 
Lytle, 1-772-3957. 
Pain t M are, approx 8 yrs. $25o. 
Saddle $75. 649-2313. 
Palom ino gelding, 9 yrs., gentle but spirited, some tack. Call after 
5pm 675-91o9 
Polled hereford bull, 4 yrs Old, gentle. Produces excellent calves. 
661-4o33 after 5pm 
P U R E S W IS S M IL K COW W IT H 
B A B Y C A L F . 1-742-3283 
Q tr H o rs e S o r r e l G e ld in g 14 hands. 54oo 651-695o. 
RAN C H F E N C IN G B Y B E N K E 
674-15o4 
Randolph A F B All English Show. 
M ay 14, Rain date IB Jun e. Call 
658-1261 or 659-1659 evenings. 
Reg. E x p e rtly tra in e d Roping 
Horse. Gelding, very gentle. Good 
Competition Horse. 1-426-2343 or 
1-426-2o18 after 5 p.m. 
Reg. horned hereford bull gentle 3 yrs.old $6oo 344-684o. 

C U S T O M H A Y B A L IN G , L arg e and Sm all Jo b s anyw here. R e a ­ sonable Price. 684-9894. 
English Saddle, excellent shape, 
828-o636 Call Rod 
F a n cy 2 horse stable, with feed room. Will deliver. 649-1299 
Felps 14' Covered Stock $13o7 
H A R R IS W E S T E R N C E N T E R 
622-93oo 
Lytle 
1-772-3634 
F E L P S H O R c c , STOCK 
AND G O O S EN E 
T R A IL E R S 
S a le s , S e r v ic e , R e p a ir s , and 
T railer Rentals, 443o Hwy 9o East 
(S. W W White Rd.) 333-1611. 
Flash y Pleasu re Gated Sorrel, 4 w hile socks and blaze. M atu re rider. $35o. 657-o369. 
__________ 
FO R S A L E 
75°o Registered Limousin Bull. 2 y e a rs old. O ut of E S S O R and 
D A N D Y. Call 341-7594 after 5:3o 
P M 
F O R S A L E : 32 Santa G ertrudis cows from 2 to 6 years of age. All c a ttle o r ig in a lly fro m K in g 
R a n c h . No o u tc ro s s . 18 w ith calves bv side, others w ill soon calf. No papers. 545o.oo per cow. 
G .J. Haves. M.D., P. O. Box 551, 
A lv in , 
Tx. 
7751 1. 
O ffic e : 
713-331-4283. 
Residence: 
713-331-4o31. 
_ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ 
For Sale lo right person 2 yr old 
B u ck sk in Q tr H orse F illy Reg 
G ra n d d a u g h te r of Le o , h a lte r broke. 1-379-9799. 
1969 F o u r H o rs e Sh op B u ilt 
Trailer, bumper hitch, dual axle. 
I ax le h y d ra u lic b ra k e s . N ew p ain t, w irin g and flo o r $14oo. 
655-1351 after 6 p. rn. 
__ 
G E L D IN G S y e a rs old. Sad d le and lack. 
Rodeo performance. 
<1)762-3657. 

R egisferecd C haro lais Bu ll and registered Angus Bu ll for sale. 
Call Seguin 379-o173._______________ 

Bred Reg. Paint Stallion to one of the Best. 923--274o 
R E G . Polled Hereford Bulls. $3oo and up. 653-1855 or 1-562-3251 
Reg. Polled H ereford Bu lls for sale. 1-426-3575; 341-76o8. 
R E G . Qtr Horse 2 yr old Gelding. 
Y e a r lin g F illy . S u p e rb yo u th 
H a lte r and P e r f o r m a n c e P r o ­ spects. Best Bloodline. 679-7665 after 5. 
W A N T E D : Used Hi Head Cute 
Stanchion in good condition. 
667-1376. 
Well trained 8vr Flashy grade Qtr m are. $65o. Ridden in Battle of 
Flow ers Parad e 653-4893 
IS W hite F a ce Cows, B re d and 
Springing 648-1931; 648-31oo. 
2x3 P U B L IC A U C T IO N ” 
2ox5 Stock T railer, S good tires, new floor, axles. 1-796-4145. 
29 Y e a r lin g H o lste in H e ife rs , calf-hood voce. 734-532o can del. 
14 Y e a r old iro n g r a y W e lc h 
Pony Gelding. 12 1 Hands. Exper ienced show hunter, can be ridden western and will pull a cart. Aus­ tin, 512-476-o786 or 476-7143. 
7 Y R . O LD Black Reg. Tennessee 
W a lk in g P le a s u re G e ld in g . On s m a ll sid e , im p o rte d fro m 
Alabam a. Top Breeding- Midnight 
Su n-M erry Bo y 
$1,25o. Can be seen at Bu sb y Stables, IH-1oN. 
Call Brenda at 734-6677 
23 - 3 yr old White Brahm an Cows with 8 calves. 17 - 3 yr old Brangus 
Cows with IO calves. 18- 3 and 4 yr old Bred Je rs e y Brahm an Cows. 
512-227-o151. 8 to 5 Mon to Fri. 

942 - Farm Eauipment-Suoplies 
942 • Farm EQuipmsnt Supplies 

••FARM TRACTORS** 
I M in n eap o lis M olin e w ith 8 ft shredder and 2 bottom M oboard plow $15oo. 
•6XRDEN TRACTORS* 
I • F o rm a n M odel B w ith new tires, 6 ft. shredder 514oo. I • Allis 
Chalm ers Model B, wide frontend, w ith pow er takeoff Cord Wood 
Saw mounted, also with 2 bottom plow $85o. 
S. V . H O L D E N 
Machinery & Eq. Co. 

695-9218 
695-32o5 

H IG H C L E A R A N C E Diesel T ra c ­ to rs: 57 hp $625o. 3o hp $395o. 
Equipped for front mounted cu l­ tivators and bedders. D O D G EN 
EQ. CO., 8223 S. Presa, 532-4151. 
IO hp elec start lawn garden tra c­ tor with mower. Used I yr will del, 
684-5111 ext. 2o2o 

John - Beam Sprayer 
3oo gal. T ra ile r mounted P.T.O . 
Pum p driven with hose, head and sp ra y boom. B a rg a in at $115o. 
695-89o5; 695-32o5. 
4o1o: 4o2o JO H N D E E R E 
Diesel, 534-6711 
John Deere Planter, double tool bar, 4-row 484-377o, Poth. 
Ford 18o1 Diesel Backhoe bucket. 
A ll system s w ork . $$65o. See, make cash offer. 658-oo22. 
Jo h n D eere 2o T ra c to r in good cond. W id e fro n te n d .Id e a l fo r shredder or small farm . $87S. 
1-42o-279o. 
FORO TRACTORS 
SN and 9N with new and used im ­ plem ents. Fin a n cin g a v aila b le . 
37o8 S. Flores. 

R O C K P IC K E R , h y d ra u lic con­ trol lift. 23o1 Nogalltos, 534-6711 

T H E T O R G E R S O N CO. 
739 Steves 
533-5145 
For Sale Bale Loader 
688-3o53 
Track Loader 
6 G A llis C h a m b e rs , l ' j y a rd b u ck et and dozer, plus bru sh clam p and back drag attachment. 
E x c e lle n t con d itio n , m ust sell soon. Test drive Iraclor at Vance 
Jack so n at Callaghan. W ill help finance. 696-833o 

3o ft Golv. Steel Tonk Tower, fac­ tory built 
I hp 6‘ Stroke Pump. 
31$ ft 2‘ pipe , rods ond cylinder. 
5hp submergible pump. 684-2483. 
5 FT Shredder, 3 pf hookup. $325. 
695-9218, 695-32o5. 
Hoy Equipm ent. B a ie r, M ow er, 
C o n d ition er ond T ra c to r. 1976 
Models Sell I or all. E x c. cond. 
684-9894. 

4o- 4o x5" Joints, 8o- 4o'x3” Joints plus fittings. 635-886o 

T R E N C H IN G : IOO ft • 1o,ooo ft w a te rlln e s, ond buried cab les. 
337-8oo1. 8 am • IO pm. 
2-Wheel Flatb ed (la rg e ) tra ile r for sale. 734-8955 

Gold theft probed 

Sheriffs investigators 
Saturday probed the loss of two pounds of rough gold taken in a $23,45o burglary of a Northwest 
Bexar County residence. 
Investigators said ri­ fles, valuable stones, gold rings and a color television set were also taken in the burglary, which was discovered 
Friday evening. 
Jack Hodges told in­ vestigators he arrived at his 25o22 Prairie Moun­ tain Drive residence and found a rear shop area had been broken into. 
Inv. Rudy Garza Jr. said the gold was for jewelry the man designs and manufactures. 
Sheriff’s officers said entry was made after a sliding glass door was pried open with a sharp object, either a large screw driver or a tire tool. 

B ilin g u a l session set 

Harlandale School Dis­ trict Bilingual Depart­ ment will hold a summer education program for all district elementary schools from June I through June 3o. 
The program will deal with the Bilingual Oral 
Language Development and the Title I English 
Reading Component. 

Travelers Aid elects officers 

Robert E. Pugh was elected recently as presi­ dent of Travelers Aid So­ ciety of San Antonio. 
Other board officers elected were: vice presi­ dent, Robert L. Cook; se­ cretary, Marion A. Tal­ bert; treasurer, Souichi 
Aono. 
Travelers Aid offers assistance to runaways and families on the move each year. 

IQI—Deaths 

B O S S H A R D T 
M rs . V ir g in ia E liz a b e th Bos- shardt, age 65, of 1o2 Arcadia Pl., died M ay 7, 1977 in a local hopsi- ta l. 
M rs . 
B o s s h a rd t w a s a member of St. M ark s Episcopal 
Church and Vineta Lodge No. 15, 
O. D. H. S. Su rvivors: Husband, 
Dr. Carl E. Bosshardt; daughter, 
M rs. 
A. T. Econom y, J r . ; son- in-law , Tom 
E c o m o n y , J r . ; granddaughter, Gwen Econom y, grandson, Tom m y Econom y, III, all of Dallas, brothers, Robert D. and George P. O livarri, S r.; sis­ ter, Mrs. Alice Coppard, oil of San 
A n to n io ; 
S is te r- in - la w and b ro th e r-in -law , M r. and M rs . 
Louis Stehling, G ulfport, M iss.; several nieces and nephews. Ser­ vices M on d ay 2:oo p.m. at St. 
Mark s Episcopal Church with the 
Rev. Stanley F. H auser officiat­ ing. Pallbearers: W ayne T. Men- dicino. John G. Simmons, L o rry 
Hoch, Fred Beisner, Tommy W il­ son and Tom B y r d . H o n o ra ry pallbearers: Col. A. T. Econom y, 
Dr. Harold B ra n n an , D r. B ra d 
O xford, D r. H. V. W a lk e r, D r. 
Leon Kopecky, Dr. Lam ar Collie, 
R . H. M e r c e r an d M r. P e te 
Schweitzer. Interm ent in Sunset 
M em orial P a rk . Those desiring m ay make a m em orial contribu­ tion to the San Antonio Diabetic 
Association. Arrangem ents with 

K j e b E j 

& U / N D B B 
Chapel* 
11 IVN St Mary sSt at Brooklyn 

C A M P O S 
Mrs. Catarina Silva Campos, age 
61, of 241 Lovett Avenue, passed away Thursday, M ay 5, 1977 in a local hospital. Born in Somerset, 
Texas, M rs. Cam pos resided in 
San Antonio since 1934 and was a m ember of St. Joseph s Catholic 
Church, South San Antonio. S u r­ vivors: Husband, M r. Anastocio 
G. Campos of San Antonio; sons, 
Ricard o S. Cam pos, E d w ard A. 
Cam pos, both of San A ntonio; daughter, in low, Mrs. Em m a L 
Compos of Som erset. Grandson, 
Ed w ard “ A p o llo " Cam pos ti of 
San Antonio; brothers. Hilario Sil­ va of San Antonio, Ju a n S ilv a , 
P e d ro S ilv a , both of L o so v o , 
Miguel Silva of M acdona; sisters, 
Mrs. Catarina Alvarado of Lytle, 
Mrs. Luisa Banda of San Antonio, 
Mrs. Agapita Cosies, Mrs. Ju a n i­ ta Silva, both of Som erset. R o ­ sary, 8:oo p.m. Sunday, Southside 
Chapel. Mass, 9:3o a.m. Monday, 
St. Jo se p h s C a th o lic C h u rch , 
South San A ntonio, in te rm e n t, 
San Patricio Cem etery, Somerset 
Texas. Direction of 

 d o u tfa e tife 
63o1 S. Flores 
*32-6339 

C H A R L E S 
Em m a U. Charles, age 6o, of 2o9 
Hale St., born October 3, 1916 in 
Mexico, passed aw ay M ay 5, 1977, local hospital. S u rv iv o rs . H u s­ band, Joe L. Charles, sons, Joe, 
III; Daniel, E d w ard and A rthur 
Charles, daughters, Anna M aria 
O rtega, and Y o la n d a C h a rle s, brothers, Dom ingo, A rtu ro ond 
Gilberto U rd iales, IS g ran d ch il­ d re n , 2 g re a t g ra n d c h ild re n . 
Other relatives. R o s a ry w ill be recited Sunday at 7:3o p.m. at the 
Ortiz M ortu ary, funeral service will depart M onday at 11:3o a.m. for Mass af St. H e n ry s Catholic 
Church at 12:oo noon w ith F r. 
Anthony Hayes officiating. Inter­ ment in Ft. Sam Houston National 
Cemetery. Arrangem ents by 

C I D 
John Gilbert Cid, age 5o years, of 
66o8 West Ave., died M ay 7, 1977 in a local h ospital. S u rv iv o rs : 
W ile, M rs. C a rrie Lee Cid; son, 
R o b e rt 
C id , 
C a lif o r n ia ; doughters, M rs. D ian a L evin e, 
Illinois and Miss Linda Cid, San 
Antonio; $ grandchildren; sisters, 
M rs. Idaho Beck, San Antonio and 
Mrs. Olga A. M cK eeve r of M cA l­ len, 
Texas; brother, 
Charles 
Cid, San Antonio. S e rvic e s a re pending with 

H ie* 
*&UJND£BS 

 ll IV N St M a ry v St. at Brooklyn 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS-— Sunday M ay 8 1977 
H 

Birth site fight leads to arrest 

Remains o f house 

Detroit firemen remove one of two bodies from the ruins of a home in Detroit that exploded and burned Saturday, severely damaging two adjoining homes 

CLEVELAN 
(AP) - Ashby Leach. who held 13 persons hostage last sum­ mer. was arrested Saturday alter he argued with friends over his attempt to have his pregnant wife give birth in 
Public Square, police said. 
Linda Leach gave birth to a 7-pound girl shortly after she was taken to a hospital, lier husband, who was ar­ rested on a charge of disorderly con­ duct. slashed his left wrist in city jail and was taken to the same hospital 
Mrs. Leach and tilt' baby, the cou­ ple’s second child, were in good con­ dition and Leach’s condition was also good, hospital officials said. 
Leach, a 31-year-old Huntington, 
VV.Va., native, was convicted last month of extortion, possession of a dangerous tool and assault in connec­ tion with the August 28, 1976. takeover of Chessie System headquarters ad­ jacent to Public Square. He was ac­ quitted of 13.counts of kidnaping. 
Leach has been free on $1oo,ooo bond pending appeal of his conviction. 
Ho was sentenced to 3-to-l5 years in prison. 

Police Lt. Peter Kilbane said police were railed to Public Square late Sa­ turday morning and saw Leach. Ins wife and relatives on the walkway around the Soldiers and Sailors Mon­ ument. They were told Mrs. Leach was in labor, but she refused to go to a hospital. Kilbane told his men to check back periodically 

W om an gets 

 c o m m is s io n 

COLLEGE STATION. 
(AP) - 
The first regular army commission awarded to a woman at a military school was presented Saturday to Ruth 
Ann Schumacher of Texas A&M 
University. 
Lt. Schumacher was a Reserve Of­ ficer Training Corps (ROTO cadet at 
A&M, which had an all-male cadet corps until 1972. 
Sin* was also awarded a bachelor of science degree in economics in com­ mencement exercises at the school Sa­ turday. 

I 
I 
I 
I 
I 

MENS 
SHORT SLEEVE 
COVERALL 

SOLID COLORS 
REG. 11.97 

DOUBLE YOUR SAVINGS 

IVERY WEDNESDAY IS 
DOUBLE 
COUPON 
DAY AT GIBSONS 
BRING YOUR COUPONS TO GIBSON S 
ON WEDNESDAY AND WE WILL GIVE 
YOU TWICE THE VALUE OEF OUR 
REGULAR LOW PRICE! AD ITEMS 
EXCLUDED. 

This offer is g o o d on m anufacturer's coupons only. Cigarette a n d coffee coup ons are e x ­ cluded. 
'Free" coup ons redeem able at face value only. 

ULTRA VELVET OR ULTRA FROST 
IYE SHADOW 

St 
TODDLER 
SHOR! SEI 

CUTE & CO O L 
REG. 3.37 

TWO TYPES OF 
POWDERED EYE 
SHADOWS IN A 
WIDE VARIETY 
OF EXCITING 
COLORS 

YOUR CHOICE 
88 
< 

Hambumer 
Helper 
ADO 1$ILB HAMBURGS 

HAMBURGER 
HELPER 
SPAGHETTI LASAGNA 
BEEF NOODLE, 
CHILI TOMATO 
ISM rn 
I 

2 
44 

COOL 
CUSHION 
FOR YOUR CAR 
3” 

REG. & 
UNSCENTED 

SECRET 
ROLL-ON 
2.5 OZ. 
I37 

R S 
CHEAT 
LASH 
M A S C A R A 
BLACK 
BROWN- 
BLACK 
DARK BROWN 

VMsiiin- "*itp 
Sri 

H B M rn 

891 

A LO V ELY ■ 
I 

FRESH & LOVELY 
MOISTURE 
WHIP 
CREAM MAKE-UP 
ASS T SHADES 
o9 
I 

Vt 

#881o5 

W O O D E N 
7 KITCHEN 
TOOL SET 
REG. 99 
<I 
77‘ i 
Clrnors 
CANDY 
7-OZ. HARD CANDY 
BUBBLETS 
6-OZ. FRUIT 
BUBBLETS 
ASS T FLAVORS 
3i*1 

JERGENS 
BATH 
SOAP 
BATH SIZE 

3 oz. can 

SWIFT 
POTTED MEAT 

SUPER COUPON VALUES 

 coupons void after 
M a y l i t h 

M 

 a rn v t 
Oz ft oc 
*o oz 

 slump# 

WELLA B A LSA M 
SHAMPOO 
16 OZ. 
67 t 
LIMIT 
2 

I 

 r n 
CONSORT 
MEN S HAIR SPRAY 
18 OZ. < 
89 r 
Ll AY AW AY FOR J lLl 

I 

LIMIT 
2 
LAYAW AY FOR 
FATHER'S DAY 

I S I 

JUTE TWINE 
IO LB. 
3 
88 
LIMIT 

REG. 6.99 f 

 mm v. 

2 
OO 
1/5 
O 
Z 
LAKEWOOD 
£ 
MICRO MINI REIL 
? 
#MC-99 
Tj 
4.1:1 RATIO 
O 
65 YDS., 6-LB. TEST 
2 
MONOFILAMENT 
IO 
88 
LIMIT 

I 

 limit one I of each 
Coupon 

Per F am ili^ ^ 

 o rn in 
O 
Z ft oc 
•o 
Oz 

SWIFT 
VIENNA 
SAUSAGE 
5 OZ. 
4i*1 
LIMIT 4 

NI 
G O 

► 

ALL PURPOSE 
(NMT HID ROUP 

O M EDAL 
FLOUR 

TR 
I 

H 
H 

 i 

POTTING 
SOIL 
8 LBS. 

I Limit one I 
** of each 
*" 
Coupon 
_ 
T Per Family J 

5 LB. 
59 t 

LIMIT 2 r 

GRAVY 
TRAIN 
25-LB. BAG 
499 

LIMIT I I 

57 < 
LIMIT 
2 

LAKE 
CB. 
LOCK MOUNT 
2” 

LIMIT r 

ENTERPRISE 
IO " TEFLON 
FRY PAN 
88 
I 
LIMIT 2 

#19oBT6 

SOUTHSIDE 
2627 S.W MILITARY DR 
MON -FRI. 9 A M IO P.M., SUN 1o-7 

NORTHWEST 
1331 BANDERA RD 
MON.-FRI 9 A M IO P M., SUN. 1o-7 

TFTTfTTTTT 
39o7 EISENHAUER RD 
MON.-FRI. 9 A.M.-IO P.M., SUN. 1o-7 

 fft-m mn 

 min rn to ” 

BankAMLRICABU 
I 
I 
I 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday May 8 1977 
Death Notices 

JOI— Deaths 

B A K E R 
M r. H a r ry C. B a k e r, 68, of <18 
H earne St. died M a y 6,1977 in San 
Antonio. Resident of San Antonio 
45 ye a rs and m em ber of Pain ters 
U n io n . S u r v iv o r s : W ife , M r s . 
E m ily A. B a k e r of San Antonio; s ist e r o n d b ro th e r in law , M r. 
Andy and M rs. M in nie B u rg e r of 
R id g e cre st, C a lifo rn ia ; nephew 
M r. Lee M iller Jr. of L a s Vegas, 
Nevada. Service 1o:oo a rn. M o n ­ d a y M a y 9th in R o y A k e r s 
Fun e ral Chapel with Rev. H enry 
Talbott officiating followed with interm ent in R o se la sn M e m o rial 
P «rk. 

515 N o. M ain 
226 72o1 

B IL L O 
M rs. A lv in w (F lo re n c e ) Bilio, age 64, of 342 F a rr, died F rid ay, 
M a y 6, 1977. She w as a m em ber of 
G race Lutheran C hurch, W om en of the ch urch ond W oodlaw n Op ti-M isse s. S u r v iv o r s - H u sb a n d , 
A lv in W. B ilio ; d a u gh te rs, M rs. 
Janet Koenig, Angleton, Tx., M rs. 
C la u d ia P e r k in s , T o w n s v ille , 
Australia, M rs. E v e ly n New m an, 
S u n n y v a le , 
C a l. ; b r o t h e r , 
R a ym o n d J. B ernhard t, San A n ­ tonio; sisters, M rs. Irene Vauter, 
C o rp u s C h risti, Tx., M rs. H azel 
R in e r , P a n a m a C it y , F la . ; 9 gra n d c h ild re n . S e rv ic e M o n d a y at I o ’clock at G ra c e Lu th e ra n 
C h u rc h , the R e v . R o b e rt A d ix o ffic ia tin g . T h o se w h o d e s ire , m a y send m e m o ria l gifts to the charity of their choice. Interm ent in Sunset M e m o ria l P a rk. A r ra n ­ gem ents with 
Boiler Loring h o i M c C u llo u g h 227 *221 

B A R R O N 
M r . D a n te G 
B a r r o n 8o3 W. 
A garita Ave., born in San Antonio, 
Tex., June 16, 1921 entered rest 
Saturday M a y 7,1977 at the age of 
55 years. M r. B a rro n had been a lifetim e resident of San Antonio 
He served in the U S. A rm y A ir 
C orp as T/Sgt from Jan. 2, 1942 to 
A ug. 24, 1945 and w a s a w ard e d with the following decorations and citations, E. A. M . E. C a m p a ig n 
M edal with 3 bronze stars, Good 
Conduct medal, A ir M e d al with 6 oak leat clusters, P u rp le Heart, distinguished se rvice cross, and 
Silver Star. R o sa ry will be recited rn the M ax Martinez Chapel M on ­ day M a y 9, at 7:3o p.m. Requiem 
M a ss will be offered T uesd ay M a y 
IO, at IO: IS a m from St Ann s 
Catholic C hurch 21o St A nn Street with Rev. R a y n e rio D e L u n a of ficiating. Concluding se rvice s will follow in F o rt Sam H ouston N a ­ tional Cem etery S u rv iv o rs: Wife, 
M rs. G uadalupe B a rro n ; mother, 
M rs. V id alo B a rro n ; d au gh te rs, 
M r s 
G u a d a lu p e 
( G l o r ia ) 
S a n c h e z , M r s 
M a n u e l ( O lg a ) 
G arza, M rs. Willie (M a r y E sth e r) 
G u e rre ro, son, M r. Dante B a rro n 
Jr., s iste rs, M r s . E r n e s t in e A l varado. M rs. Yoland a A lva re z all of San Antonio. 15 grandchildren. 
Se rvice s under the direction of 
Max Martinez 
227-621) 

1o1— Deaths 
D A V E N P O R T 
B oyd F. Davenport, age 8o, of 2167 
N. E. L o o p 41o, p a s s e d a w a y 
T hursd ay, M a y 5, 1977 in a local hospital Resident of San Antonio for 2' j ye a rs and form er resident of N e w 
B r a u n f e ls . M e m b e r 
R a n g e r L o d ge No. 738 A F 8 .A M , 
R a n g e r , T x. S u r v iv o r s : W ife, 
E m m a L. D a v e n p o rt; son. D a n 
D avenp ort of 
San 
Antonio; s is t e r s , M r s . T. O 
G r a c e y of 
B r a c k e n r id g e . 
M i s s 
L e s s ie 
D a v e n p o rt of Ft. W o rth , M r s . 
L u c ille B a r b e r of Ft. W o r t h ; brother, G rad y D ave n p o rt of Ft. 
W o rth ; 2 g r a n d c h ild r e n . G u y 
D a v e n p o rt of H o u sto n , D a n e lle 
J o n e s of S e a b ro o k . G r a v e s id e s e rv ic e s will be conducted M o n ­ d a y, 1o:oo o rn. in G u a d a lu p e 
V alle y M e m o ria l P a r k on H w y. 
46 
In t e r m e n t to fo llo w in 
G u a d a lu p e V a lle y M e m o r ia l 
P ark. A rra n g em e n ts by 
MISSION PABK 
F U N IB A l CHAPELS 
I 7oo S I Military Dr 

F O W L E R 
M a rie A. Fow ler, C onverse. T e x­ as, passed aw ay rn a local hospital 
Frid ay, M a y 6, 1977 at the age of 
63 years. S u rv iv o rs: Sisters, M rs. 
A gn e s M o rriso n , C onverse, M rs. 
G a rv in "Y v o n n e '' M o rriso n , A d ­ kin s; brothers, A ndrew , Joseph, 
Clifford and H e rb e rt Verette, C i­ ty, S id n e y V e re tte , S a n S a b a , 
Texas. A d a m Verette, San F r a n ­ cisco, C a lif.; n u m e ro u s n ie c e s a n d n e p h e w s. R o s a r y w ill be recited in the D e llc re st C h a p e l 
S u n d a y , M a y 8th at 7:3o p rn. 
P ra y e r Service will be held in the 
D d lc r e s f C h a p e l M o n d a y , M a y 
9th at 1o:oo a m . w ith R e v . 
E u g e n e O 'C a lla g h a n officiating. 
The interm ent will follow in B e x a r 
Cem etery, Som erset, T e xas. A r ­ rangem ents with 

B r l l m 
* ! 
'OOO So W W w hite 
337 4o82 

2o) S W Martin 

C L A R K 
M /Sat W arren G reenie^ C la rk 61, 
U. S. A F. Retired of I IO M eadow 
Valley, died M a y 6th., 1977 
R e ­ sident of Sa n A n to n io IO y e a rs, m em ber of the C atholic Church, 
V F W . D A V Chapter No 5. ond N. C O. A S u rv iv o rs 
Wife, 
M rs. D vm p n a G. C la rk, San A n ­ tonio. D aughters, M rs. Rita R a y 
Lyon, San Antonio and M r s Paula 
A nn Salley, Augusta, G a G ra n d d a u g h t e r , 
P a m 
S t a u lc u p 
Requiem M a s s IO a m. T u e sd a y 
M a y loth., R o y A k e r s F u n e ra l 
Chapel interm ent Ft Sam H o u s­ ton National C em etery with Full 
M ilitary Honors. 

515 No. M ain 
226 72o1 

H U T C H ISO N 
Sgt H arold Jam e s H utchison ill, of 51o6 Redhaw k, entered rest on 
M a y 3, 1977 in Laredo, T e xa s af the age of 24 years. Su rv iv e d by wife, M rs. Su san Hutchison, sons’, 
K e ith a n d J e ffe ry H u t c h is o n , father, H a ro ld J. H u tc h iso n of 
Florid a, brother, R ob ert G. H ut­ ch ison , sister, E liza b e th H u tch i­ son. Funeral se rvice s will be held 
1o:oo o.m. M o n d ay at Brookehill 
C h a p e l w ith C h a p la in H e rb e rt 
K e lly officiating. Interm ent with m ilitary honors will follow in Fort 
Sam Houston National Cem etery. 
A rrangem ents with 

Hrimkrbill 
711 S. E. M ilita ry D r 
923-7523 

U64— Funeral Directors 

A N G E L U S F U N E R A L HL. . 
H E N R Y G U E R R A 
6o2 W. Houston 
- 
- r V - H O ] 

 j & o u t t e i b e 
FU N ER A L H O M E 
63o1 S. FLORES 
9 2 2 -6 3 3 9 
Ed Sq uyres, D irector 

MOUTH APT 

’UNSET 
F u n e ra l H o m e 
Lessens your cares, your costs. 

K A F K A 
H u g o F, K a fk a , of 318 C o rn e ll, died F rid a y , M a y 6, 1977, in a local hospital He w a s form erly a re sid e n t of C o rp u s C h risti, Tx. 
S u r v iv o r s : S is te r, M r s . H e le n 
R ussell; brother-in-law W oodrow 
R u s s e ll, both of S a n A n t o n io ; n ie c e , M r s . A l ( J o a n M a r i e ) 
B o n d ; g r e a t n e p h e w s, J a m e s 
Bond, B ria n Bond, all of H an ove r 
Park, III. G rave sid e se rvice M o n ­ day at 3 o'clock at San Jose B u ria l 
Park. A rra n g em e n ts with 

 ftwter Loring h o i M c C u llo u g h 227 8221 

L A N G S T O N 
A r t h u r N . L a n g s t o n , 
Sr., of 631 Rockhill, en­ te re d re s t on M a y 6, 
1977 at the a g e of 92 years. Su rvive d by sons, D on ald 
T 
L a n g sto n , S a n A n to n io , a n d 
A rth u r N. L a n g sto n , Jr. of O a k 
H a rb o r, W ash., d a u gh te rs, M r s . 
In a B . J o n e s, S a n F r a n c is c o , 
C alif, and M rs. Edith L. W ilson of 
San Antonio, brother, G e o rge G. 
Lan gston of W eatherford, Texas, eight gran d ch ild re n and ten great grandchildren. M r. Lan gston w as a m em ber of the M a so n ic Lodge 
( H a r d e m a n L o d g e N o . 179; 
Luling. Texas. F u n e ra l se rv ic e s will be held of 2:oo p.m. M o n d a y at the All Saints Ep isco p a l C h u rch in P leasanton, T e xa s, interm ent will follow in the R o ssville C em e­ tery. A rra n g em e n ts with 
HriwkchiU 
711 S E M ilita ry Dr. 
923 7523 

M O S E S 
M r. C arl M o se s of Band era H ig h ­ w ay died M a y 7, 1977 in San A n ­ tonio. Se rvice s pending with 

" ~ K c x v | o k e A A 

515 No. M ain 
226-72o1 

R A M O S 
M r. Je su s Z. R o m o s 81o C e ralvo 
St., born in Islita, Tex., Feb. 16, 
191o entered rest W ednesday M a y 
4, 1977 at the a g e of 67 y e a rs. 
R o sa ry will be recited in the M a x 
M artinez Chapel Su n d a y M a y 7, at 7: JO p.m. R equiem M a s s will be offered M o n d a y M a y 9, at 9:15 a rn. fro m St. Stephen C a th o lic 
C h u rc h 2127 So. Z a r z a m o r a St. 
C oncluding services will follow in 
F o r t S a m H o u s t o n N a t io n a l 
Cem etery. Su rv iv o rs: Wife, M rs. 
Angelito C. R a m o s; daughters, 
M r s R u d y (A n a M a ria G udelia) 
M a r t in e z , 
M r s 
J o s e 
L u is 
(Y o lan d a ) G on zales both of San 
Antonio. M rs. G eorge O (G loria; 
Esp inoza of N. C., son, M r. Albert 
Medelez of San Antonio; sisters, 
F ra n ce s R. R ivera, M a ria Lo u isa 
R 
B a r b o z a , F r a n c e s Is a b e l 
Ynostroza, A ngelina R o m o s all of 
S o n Antonio. 14 g ra n d c h ild re n . 
Services under the direction of 

M a x M a r l i n * * 
2o15 W Martin 
227-62*1 
164-—Funeral Directors 

Dedicated 
Service 
Since 1896 

227 3136 
Riebe-Saunders 
Chapels 

* '1119 N. St. Mary s 

 m a x 

 m a r t i n * * 

 o f f e r in g 
Pre-Arranged funeral 
(eetrect* 
I liner m Insurance 7 elk lei 

2 2 7 - 6 2 8 1 

Nerts Park Mortuary 
734-5313 

Ckapof Hit Memorial Gardens 
655-6411 

AMERICA'S FINEST FUNERAL FACILITIES 

 p l A la m o 

 l W 
5 
. 
F U N E R A L H O M E 

211 Brooklyn at N. Alamo 
2 2 5 - 5 7 3 1 

'Uli£ vision Club <Qcunilli 

!ol— Deaths 

L A N G 
Theodore H ard er (T ed ) Lo n g, of 
M I. Pleasant, Tx., died T h u rsd ay , 
M a y 5, 1977 in Mt. Pleasant. S u r ­ v iv o rs 
Wife, M rs. H allie L a n g ; daughters, L in d a Jones, B re n d a 
H a rkrid e r, both of Mf. P leasant, 
T x .; s o n s , 
T e d 
L o n g , 
J r., 
Sa c ra m e n to , Ca., F r a n k L o n g , 
Anaheim , Co., R odney Freem an, 
Lo n gvie w , Tx., L a r r y F re e m a n , 
Je rry Freem an, both of Mt. Plea san!; brother, R olp h Long, Joliet, 
IIL ; 15 g ra n d c h ild re n ; 14 g re a t grandchildren. G ra ve sid e service 
M o n d ay at IO o'clock at Ft. Sam 
H ouston N ational Cem etery. A r ­ rangem ents with 
Porter Loring 
11QI M cC u llo u gh 227 *221 
GUARANTEED LOWEST PRICES 
ON NEW 
FURNITURE 

S C H N E I D E R 
Theodore R. Schneider, Sr., age 
73, of 1535 W. Mistletoe, died M a y 
7, 1977. He w as a m em ber of Zion 
Luth eran C h u rch and T e a m ste rs 
Local No. H IO . S u rv iv o rs: Wife, 
M rs. V io la S ch n e id e r; d a u gh te r and son-in-law, M r. and M rs. D a n 
(Ire n e ) B e cke lm a n , Ft. W o rth ; son s and daughters-in-law , M r. a n d 
M r s . 
T h e o d o r e 
E r n e s t 
Schn eider, Jr., A u stin ; M r. and 
M r s . R ob ert Sch n e id e r and D r. and M rs. L a rry Gene Schneider, both of H ouston; g ra n d ch ild re n , 
C a r o l o n d S h a r o n S c h n e id e r , 
A u stin ; B ra n d t E r ie Sch n e id e r, 
H ouston, D o n a a n d Le e B e c k e l­ man, both of Ft. W orth; brothers, 
Adolf ond M a x Schneider of San 
Antonio Se rvice s T u e sd ay 1o:oo a rn. at Zion L u th e ra n C h u r c h with the Rev. M a lc o lm E. H o ff­ m an officiating. Interm ent in M is ­ sion B u ria l P a r k N orth . A r r a n ­ gem ents with 

R j E B t j 
&UJNDEKS f i g * 

III9 N St M a ry <.St at Brooklyn 

63o1 S. Flores 
922-6339 

1o4— Funeral Directors 

Af. £ 
RODRI 
FUNERAL HOME 

Pre-Need Arrangements 

S 11 Guodoiupe St. 
226-6111 

HraakdtUl 

711 S E. M ilita ry 
923-7523 

Wok 
8o56 F re d e ric k sb u rg 696-7111 

B r l lr rza t 
2ooo S. W W. W hite 
337-4o82 

Paint 

3711 So. Z arza m o ra 924-4568 

A SIN S! OF 
BEING A M O N G FRIENDS. 

P o r t e r L o r i n g 
MORTUARY 

 i ioi M c C u llo u g h 227 8221 

1o5 CEMETERY - BURIAL LOTS 

F O R S A L E : B e a u tifu l co m o a n - ion tots No.63, Section 14, Sunset 
M e m o r ia l 
C e m e t e r y . 
J9oo.V W righ t, 31 Ju n ip e r, K e rr- vitle Tx 78o28, or phone 896-4oo8" 
T W IN C R Y P T S , R o se la w n P a rk , 
$12oo. Call 433-6974. 

V 

/ 

^ ■ A N 
D 
T l i F s A Y S I T A U n ^ H 
BASSETT BEDROOM 

OCCASIONAL TABLES 
3 STYLES TO CHOOSE FROM 

S T R O B E L 
E lw in Stro b e l, a q e 68, of IJ S 
Griffin Ave., died T h u rsd ay, M a y 
5, 1977. He w as a m em ber of St. 
J o s e p h 's (S o u th S a n ) C a th o lic 
C h u rc h ; a re tire d civ il s e rv ic e e m p loyee al K e lly A F B tor 29 y e a rs ond a m e m b e r of the N o ­ tio n a l A s s o c ia t io n of R e t ir e d 
F e d e r a l E m p lo y e e s , C h a p t e r 
132o, ( N A R F E ) . S u rv iv o rs: Wife, 
M r s . M ild r e d H e le n S t r o b e l, daughters, M rs. Gerald (M arilyn) 
Kelley, San Antonio, M rs. E d g a r 
( D o lo r e s ) S ta n c ik , C o lu m b u s , 
T x .; M r s . T o m m y ( E A r l i n e ) 
H orn, H ouston, T x .; g r a n d c h il­ dren, 
K im berly 
L ay n e ond 
K a re n M ich e lle K elley, Sa n A n ­ tonio, D e n ise a n d D a v id H o rn , 
H o u sto n ; b ro th e rs, E d m u n d of 
H o u sto n , O s c a r a n d A r t h u r of 
S c h u le n b u rg , T x .; siste r, M r s . 
E rn a Baum garten, Sch u le n b u rg; o th e r r e la t iv e s a n d a h o s t of friends.He w as preceded in death by a son, Elw in, Jr. R o sa ry Su n ­ day e vening at 7 o 'c lo c k in the 
C o lo n ia l C h a p e l of the P o r t e r 
L o rin g M o rtu ary. M a s s M o n d a y afternoon at I o ’clock at St. J o ­ s e p h 's (S o u t h S a n ) C a t h o lic 
C hurch. P a llb e a re rs: G a ry B o r- borak, M elvin B arb o rak, G eorge 
D ilw o r t h , 
D a r y l 
D ilw o r t h , 
How ard Kelley, H a rry Lister, In ­ term ent in San F e rn a n d o A rc h d io c e s a n 
C e m e t e ry . 
A r r a n ­ gem ents with 
Rater Loring 
1 lot M cCu l lo u g h 227 *221 

V A L D E Z 
E rn e st R Valdez, age 54, of IOO 
Flintstone, died T h u rsd ay , M a y 5, 
1977. He w as a m em ber of B lessed 
Sa cra m e n t C atholic C h u rc h ; a s ­ sociated with Solo 
S e rv e for 36 years; and a life long resident of 
S a n A n ton io. S u r v iv o r s : W ife, 
M r s . D o ra O V a ld e z ; b e lo v e d c h ild r e n ; E r n e s t V a ld e z , ll, 
B o b b y V ald e z, P a t r ic ia M a r ie 
V a ld e z ; m o th e r, M r s . M a r i a 
S o c o r r o V a ld e z ; b r o t h e r s a n d s is t e r s - in - la w ; M r . a n d M r s . 
A rth u r R. Valdez, M r. and M rs. 
F ra n k R . Valdez, M r. and M r s. 
Joe R. Valdez, all of San Antonio; n u m e ro u s nieces, n e p h e w s and cousins. R o sa ry Su n d a y e vening at 8 o 'c lo c k in the G e o r g i a n 
Chapel of the Porter L o rin g M o r ­ tuary M a ss M o n d a y m o rn in g of 
1o.3o at B le s s e d S a c r a m e n t 
C a th o lic C h u rc h P a llb e a r e r s : 
F ra n k H Valdez, D a v id Valdez, 
A r t h u r V a ld e z , J r., D a v id C. 
Lopez, G e o rge W echsier, L a r r y 
Gee. H on orary p allb earers 
Jack 
E, H e llm u th , W illia m S q u ire s , 
M ilto n B re n n e r, C a rl B re n n e r, 
D r 
A 
B 
C r u z , D r 
A lb e r t 
Fischer. Those who deisre, m a y send m e m o rial gifts to T he A n ­ tonian M e m o ria l L ib ra ry or The 
A m e ric a n C a n ce r Society. In te r­ ment in Ft. Sam Houston National 
Cem etery. A rra n g em e n ts with 

Rater Loring h o i M cCu llo u g h 227-8221 

W A L K E R 
M rs. Beulah K a th ryn W alker, age 
76, of 226 Gillette Blvd., p a sse d aw ay Thursd ay, M a y 5, 1977 in a local hospital. M rs. W a lk e r w as born in White, A rk a n s a s M a y 3, 
19o1. She is su rvive d by one son, 
M r. H arlan W alker of San A nton­ io; one d a u g h te r, M r s . L o u is e 
M artinez of San Antonio; sister, 
M r s . G e o rg ia H oyt of Star, A r ­ k a n s a s ; g r a n d c h ild r e n , M r s . 
Jo L yn n Ginstead, R onnie M a rlin e l, R a n d y M a r t in e z ; 2 g r e a t grandchildren. Se rvice s I oo p.m. 
M onday at the Southside Fu n e ral 
H o m e C h a p e l w ith R e v . J o h n 
B illin g s o fficiatin g . In te rm e n t, 
M is sio n B u ria l P a r k South. D i ­ rection of 
SkmtWtbe 

COMPARE OUR 
GUARANTEED* 
LOWEST 
DISCOUNT 
PRICES WITH 
ANY 
FURNITURE 
\STORE ANYWHERE 
IN THE WORLD. 

C O M P L E T E S U IT E IN C L U D E S T R IP L E 
D R E S S E R , F R A M E D M IR R O R , N IG H T 
S T A N D A N D H E A D B O A R D . B E A U T IF U L 
P E C A N F IN IS H W IT H D E S IR A B L E B A S ­ 
S E T T Q U A L IT Y A T A U N B E A T A B L E 
PRICE. 
*299 
BAR 
STOOLS 
• Colonial 
• Spanish 
• C olors 
$ 
' L 

BUNK BEDS 

INCLUDES 

2 HEADBOARDS 
2 FOOT BOARDS 
2 SETS OF RAILS 
I LADDER GUARD 
RAIL 

*49. 

ALL WOOD DINING ROOM 

COMPLETE: INCLUDES 
OAK TABLE LEAVES, 5 
SIDE AND I ARM CHAIR 
BEAUTIFUL OAK PECAN 
FINISH 

BEAUTIFUL OAK PECAN FINISH 
LIGHTED CH INA WITH SUITE 

$ 2 9 9 . 

 i n 

 t i i 

H L - 

THESE ACCENT TABLES HAVE MANY USES. USE IT IN ANY 
ROOM TO ADO CHARM & ELEGANCE. EACH TABLE IS 

HANDCRAFTED WITH STAINPRooF CULTURED MARBLE TOP, 

HANDRUBBED FINISH ON THE BASE. USE AS A CIGARETTE 
TABLE, LAMP TABLE, BEDSIDE TABLE OR PAIR THEM AS 

BUNCH TABLES IN FRONT OF YOUR SOFA. 
WHILE THEY LAST 

* 

YOUR CHOICE 
95 

MANSION COUNTRY BEDROOM 

Solidly constructed with distressed natural grain pine, dust proof throughout, plate glass mirrors, heavy authentic hardware. Includes triple door dresser deck. Mirror, night stand and any size headboard. 

NXI! COUNTRY FRENCH 

W arm country French suite of all w ood by 
W orld Fam ous Manufacturer. Include triple door dresser, twin mirrors, night stand and any size headboard and large door chest. 
2 HUGE/ 
LOW OVERHEAD 
WAREHOUSES 
‘ G U A R A N T E E D 

LOWEST 
PRICES 
ANYWHERE 
BEDDING 
BRAND NEW 
DeSoto Dining Room 

CP,'.M I . ' I 

IL 

M*dit«min*an Oak. Htavy all oak, 4 side chairs, and I arm chair with posts and inset cane backs, a huge trestle tuble and a beautiful lighted china with bras: grillework and glass ends panels. All in a beautiful pecan finish. 

FIRM S 'h " INCH FOAM MATTRESS 
AND FOUNDATION SETS 

OUR DISCOUNT PRICE PER SET 

W 
I N 
................................... * 5 9 per set 
PUU .............................................. *79 pe, se, 
QUEEN .................................... * 1o9 p e r se t 
NING ........................................ * 149 per set 

%1149 

RUSTIC PINE BEDROOM 

A -1 L U-- 

FT o I 
• 
J » 

| 3 i i t i 

 j p 
© 
Tellies 

 g 
^ 

• Triple Dresser 
• Deck M irror 
• H eadboard 
• N ightstand 
• H e av y Early 
Am erican style 
CHEST 
OPTIONAL 
$84 
JUST ARRIVED 5 5?vg?rls 
STACK BEDRO O M GRO UPS IN FRENCH, RUSTIC, PINE, O A K COLO­ 
NIAL OR CO NTEM PO RARY ALL PIECES INCLUDING CAN O PY BEDS 
CAPT. BEDS, CHEST, DRESSERS, DESKS, BO O K C ASES PRINCESS 
BEDS, BUNK BEDS, ETC. 

^GUARANTEED 
LOWEST PRICES 

We guarantee lower prices on new furniture than any other retail furniture store anywhere regardless of any kind of sale they may run. lf you can beat the prices on any furniture you buy from us at any retail furniture store other than 
United Discount Furniture we will refund to you 
12o% of the difference. 
Price confirmation is required. 
Must be within 3o days of purchase — Your receipt is proof of purchase. 
Must be alike and of same brand and/or model numbers. 

LA FRANCE VELVET 
SOFA & LOVESEAT 
RECLINER 
.JSk 
• W a l l - A w a y 
OR 
• Pocket on 
The Side 

Beautiful long wearing nylon velvet deep tufted and quilted in earth tone colors to give warm traditional look of ele­ gance normally found only in fancy stores. 
$399. 

S s 

YOUR 
CHOICE 

ALL OTHER RECLINERS 
REDUCED IN PRICE 

INSTANT CREDIT 

ASK US HO W YOU M A Y 
QUALIFY FOR INSTANT CREDIT 

 t o $75o 

: OR IF YOU NEED A WHOLE HOUSEFUL 
OR A LOT OF FURNITURE HOW WE 
'CAN ARRANGE FINANCING FOR — 
ANY AMOUNT 

AU MERCHANDISE SUBJECT TO PRIOR SALE. AU SOLD ON A IST COME IST SERVE BASIS. WE RESERVE THE 
RIGHT TO LIMIT QUANTITIES ON AU MERCHANDISE. SOME MERCHANDISE MAY NOT BE EXACTLY AS 
SHOWN. NOT RESPONSIBLE FOR TYPOGRAPHICAL ERRORS THAT MAY APPEAR IN THIS AD. DELIVERY CAN BE 
ARRANGED. 
UNITED DISCOUNT FURNITURE 

2 HUGE 
WAREHOUSES , 
LOW OVERHEAD 
SAVES YOU 
MONEY 

♦ •GUAR AN TEED LOWEST DISCOUNT PRICES O N N EW FURNITURE 
# 
1 
I A>! I A A A A D 
^ BLOCKS EAST OF BROADWAY 
I I l l * ? L A l V l A K - 
ON 9TH STREET JUST PAST IH 37 

# 2 1o41o PERRIN-BEITEL '«*££!? 

OPEN 
TUES. I O H L 9 
TO THE 
THURS. I O ’TIL 9 
PUBLIC 
SAT. I O ’TIL 2 

CLOSED TO THE PUBUC All OTHER 
DAYS EXCEPT TOR SPECIAL OPENINGS 
WHEN ADVERTISED 
UNITED FREIGHT SALES • 
A N D D A M A G E D FREIGHT B A R G A I N S 

 h a r r y 

P A G E 

Patly Costello and Paul Colwell have more in common than the same initials. The pair have the identical .$5,ooo deposit slips today. 
Costello and Colwell, the top seeds, beat Pam Rutherford and Tommy 
Hudson. 215-2o3. to win the $111.(MMI mixed doubles title iii the Spectacular 
7?Tinale Saturday at Wonder Bowl. 
In the state champions' division. 
Car! White of Michigan tripped top- seeded Oil Rousseau of Massachusetts, 
175-154, for the men’s title, and se­ cond-seeded Cindy Pearl of Kentucky downed the number one seed Audrey 
Walker of Louisiana, 18o-175. for the women's title. 
Wichita State regained its title by downing San -Jose State, 1o5-157, in the women’s collegiate finals. San Jose, which was the defending champion. was runnerup to the Kansas fillies in 
1975. 
West Liberty State won the men s collegiate event by nipping California - 
Davis, 1B8-1H5. 
The pro mixed doubles and the collegiate events were run on the for­ mat of each bowler rolling one frame, with the anchor-person rolling the 
1oth. In the case of the pros, the men were the anchor legs. 
In the step-ladder tiro finals, third- seed Rutherford and Hudson surprised 
Pat Costello and Earl Anthony, 213-192, and beat second-seeded and defending champions Jud y Smiter and Steve 
Neff, 2o2-195, to advance to the finals. 
However, Rutherford and Hudson couldn't match Costello and Colwell as the latter pair delighted the crowd of around 8oo by keeping themselves clean. Not once did the eventual champions open and they helped their cause by doubling twice — to open the game and again i i i the fifth and sixth frames. 
A pair of splits by Hudson—the 
H-7-1H the sixtii and the 3-1o in the 

 eighth—killed their hopes of winning. 
Hudson had to settle for a nine count both times. 
Hudson, however, vias the difference against Soutar and Neff. Despite two opens in the fourth and eighth frames, the Professional Bowlers Association's second-leading money winner struck out in tilt' 1oth for the win. Tilt' differ­ ence was in the strikes as Rutherford and Hudson collected seven bingos us compared to the four scored by Soutar and Neff, who didn't open. 
Rutherford and Hudson won SH,OOO; 
Soutar and Neff $4,ooo; and Pat Cos­ tello and Anthony $3,ooo in the $5o,ooo event. 
Donna Adamek and Ja y Robinson were awarded $2,HOO for their alternate spot, followed by Edit' Jo Neal and 
Mark Ruth $2,5oo, Virginia Norton and 
George Pappas $2,4oo. Bev Ortner and 
M arshall Holman $2,3oo. Cheryl 
Robinson and Ed Bossier $2,2oo, and 
Ann Slaughter and Roy Buckley, 
$2, 1oo. 
The other pros who didn t qualify received $1,ooo. 
“ What a big lift for me.” said Col- 
See COLWELL, Page I OS 

Kevin O 'Ket*fie is the only S.A. reporter in Dallas 

 for the 
Nelson tournam ent 

Slew-eeeeee 

ASSOCIATED PRESS 

Foreman retires 

ASSOCIATED PRESS 
HOUSTON — Former world heavyweight boxing champion George Foreman said Saturday he is retir­ ing from the ring because of his religious beliefs and his love for his mother. 
“ Because of my religious beliefs, I believe it wrong to hit and beat up on another person even if it is a sport,” Foreman told 

 radio station KYOK. 
Foreman said “ it itll started in Houston as a street fighter and that's where it's going to end.” 
“ I ve been lucky in the past not to have killed anyone in the ring and I thank God that I never hurt anyone seriously while I was boxing,” he said. 
Foreman said he had not decided what he would do in the future except that he would be engaged in religious activities. 

I----- 
Sunday 
Express-News 
I _______________ Poge I -S 
H 
May 8 1977 
SPORTS 

L O U IS V IL L E , Ky. - Un­ steady on her feet but smiling, a breathless Karen Taylor mur­ mured words of relief as her winning eolt. Seattle Slew, trot­ ted to tilt' winners circle to claim his blanket of roses in 
Saturday’s Kentucky Derby, 

CINDY PEARL displays winning keg form 

Marks galore 

By MIKE BRUTON 
OE THE EXPRESS N EW S STAFF 

AUSTIN — There is no truth to the rumor that a Motown executive was in the stands at Memorial Stadium during the sixth ann­ ual girls state track and field meet. 

But had there been a representative of the cor­ poration on hand for Friday’s and Saturday’s action, he would have been busy scribbling notes. 
In two days, there were HI records broken and six tied in t Ii rec* categories, conference, state and national. Seven of tho>< marks wen- national with one fled. 
Okay, Motown, how is that for 

En route to the 
AAA A division 
^ title Saturday, Fort Worth Trimble 
Tech set national standards in the 
44o and mile relays with marks of 
A rf'"!'1 rn 
46.7 and 3:5o.2, respectively. 
\ y g M R 
In its district meet, the same 
' sprint relay quartet, Beverly 
Turner, Donna Thomas, Frances 
Punch and Debra Davis, set a 
BRL ION pending national mark of 4H.3 that will nullify Sa­ 

Sports on Radio/TV 

TELEVISION 
12:3o p.m. (Ch. 5) - NBA on CBS: Playoff Doub­ leheader. 
12:45 p.m. (Ch. 41) — Soccer. 
I p.m. (Ch. 4) — Houston Astros vs. St. Louis 
Cardinals. 
1:3o p.m. (Ch. 12)— World Invitational Tennis 
Classic: Bjorn Borg vs. Rod Laver. 
3 p.m. (Ch. 12) — Byron Nelson Golf Classic: Final 
Round. 
3 p.m. (Ch. 41) — Knockout: Boxing Highlights. 
4 p.m. (Ch. 9) — International Soccer: A replay of the April 27 match between West Germany and 
Northern ireland. 
RADIO 
I p.m. (WOAI, 12oo) — Astros vs. Cardinals. 

SANSABELT® 

A J AYMAR" slack 

 for the ultimate in comfort 

 the secret is the flexible 

 elastic waistband (shown in 

 inset). Be at ease at either 

 work or play in these 

 completely washable slacks 

 of 1oo% polyester. In 

Navy, Black or Brown Houndstooth 

 check on white. In sizes 32 

 to 46 reg. and longs. 

 s35.oo 
Teeters 

North Star Mall 
349-6464 

 crown 

EX CLUSIVE 

Ca en sh air. Lietzke in Texas Open 

THIS IS THE W AY the field stood as Seattle Slew crossed the finish line Saturday 

AP W IREPH O TO 

“ Oh. what a relief.” said Mrs Tay­ lor, leaning oil husband M irkey's shoulder after Seattle Slew, exper­ iencing his first serious challenge, won tin' Kentucky Derby. ‘T m in a state (ii shock " 
“ I was breathless in the paddock and breathless when he came on tin* track,” she said “ It wasn’t easy,” 
Both Taylors admitted the Slew had given them a fright, that the year’s wonder horse, unbeaten i i i six other races, had caused their knees to wob­ ble w ith his slow start on Saturday. 
“ W ell, we’ve always known he wasn’t a really fast starter,” said Mrs. 
Taylor. “ But we made it.” 
“ I guess this is where it s at,” she told waiting reporters... I guess this is the greatest show on earth.” 
Mickey Taylor, the lumberjack turned racehorse fancier, said he and his w de and trainer Billy Turner would decide in a week whether Scuttle Slew would go (*n to the other .jewels i i i I hi* 
Triple Crown of racing, the Preakness and Belmont Slakes. 
There is not really any question whether the Taylors will go for the 
Triple Crown. It s jus! that they vc been struck by lightning and they really aren't planning more than a few minutes ahead. Turner said Seattle 
Slew would be shipped to New York 

By KEVIN O’K E E F F E 

OF THE EXPRESS NEW S STAFF 

DALLAS — Bruce Lietzke, the third leading money-winner on the PUA Tour I his year, and Ben 
Crenshaw, the reigning Ohio 
Kings Island Open champion, will both play in the Texas Open this October, the Express-News learned exclusively Saturday. 

Both men, along with 14 oilier pros here for the Byron Nelson Golf 
Classic, indicated their desire to com­ pete in the San Antonio tourney w hich will be held Oct. 13-1H at Oak Hills 
Country Club. 

Other pros who plan to be at the T.O. include Texas ex Tom Kite, Dr. Oil 
Morgan, San Antonian Frank Conner, 
Tommy Aaron, last year’s runnerup 
Miller Barber, Homero Blancas, Al 
Geiberger, Dwight Nevi), Gay Brewer 

 and Texas Aggie Duke Buller. 
Former T O. champions also coming this fall are Butch Baird, last vcar’s victor; Don January, the 1975 winner; 
Terry Diehl, the 1974 champ; Chi Chi 
Rodriguez, the 19H7 champ, and Cren­ shaw. who won ii in 1973. 

Some prominent “ niaybes” are Ar­ nold Palm er, a three-time T O. champion from 19Ho-B2; Tom Watson, current Masters champion; Ray Floyd, current World Open champ and 197H 
Masters winner; Mark Hayes, I97H 
Nelson ( lassie champ, Lionel Hebert and Jim Dent. 
It is, of course, a possible Palmer presence which excites all the Open promoters. 
“ I really want to play,” Palmer said. 
“ But PII have to cheek my schedule. 
Oak Hills is a good golf course (two of 

 his lilies were there), I think players feel more at home there. 
“ Now , I can’t comment on the course they have been playing on (Woodlake) because I have not played there.” 
Bill it is abv lolls tin1 shift hack to Oak 
Hills makes a big difference to a number of th** players. Tin' Open was held at Oak Hills from 19H1-HH. 
“ Oak Hills is a much better course,” 
Crenshaw, who won his first Tour title ai the ‘73 Texas Open, said, “ The fair­ ways are tighter. It is a course with character. I ani looking forward to it.” 
“ I want to win the Texas Open to complete the Texas grand slam .” 
Lietzke, who was third i i i the TO . last year, said. “ I won the Texas high school lith*, the state junior and Hie 

* H 
San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday May 8 1977 
Slew victory Taylor-made 

Continued from F’age IS 

 preliminary to going to an assumed trip to the Preadkness 
“ But with the way Billy’s training him and the way Jean (Cruguet) is 
Tiding him, I think he’s going to he 
► good for a long time.” said Mickey, 
'who made a present of Slew to Karen two years ago. 
"W e expected a smoother ride.” 
Mickey said “ As long as we still win, 
‘that s the main thing.” 
Mrs. Taylor, once a stewardess who quit her job in 19k5 to work for her husband's logging business, said she d bought two $5 tickets on Seattle Slew. 
She said she had not forgotten to cash 

B u c k 12-1o 

PITTSBURGH (A P) - Consecutive home runs in the fifth inning by Al 
Oliver and Willie Stargell, his second of the game, put Pittsburgh ahead and the Pirates held on for a 12-1o victory over the Cincinnati Reds Saturday in a nationally televised slugfest. 

 them in the excitement. 
It was a family affair during Derby week as the Taylors, of White Swan. 
Wash., set up housekeeping in a camper just outside Slew's stall, com­ plete with a snarling watchdog chained in a tiny makeshift yard. 
The Taylors entertained there daily, dutifully answering reporters' repeat­ ed questions. 
“ Dealing with the press is part of having a horse like Seattle Slew.” 
Mickey Taylor said during the week. 
“ I mean, ifs better to have this than to have a horse you’re worrying about finding a nice maiden race for. What­ ever I can do to help racing. I want to do. 

“ But sometimes, of course, it s hard not to get annoyed. There’s only so much you can say about us. I ’m a log­ ger and Karen's an ex-stewardess. 
What else is there? We’re at the point where we prefer to let Seattle Slew do the talking for us.” 
Life with a horse started for Karen and Mickey after the 1972 paper shor­ tage when prices for pulp soared 
Karen asked for a horse, expecting 
Mickey to buy her a nag to take her around their farm. 
"But I had taken care of horses in the logging camp all my life,” Taylor said. "So I told her I would get her a horse only if I didn’t have to take care of it. That s why we decided to buy a 

 f- C IN C IN N A TI 
P IT T S B U R G H ab r h bi ob r h bi 
Rose 
3b 
5 ) 2 o Moreno ct 
5 13 1 
Grifter rf 
5 o o o Tveros ss 
4 1 o o 
Morgan 
2b 
4 2 I t Porker rf 
4 1 1 1 
Orssen 
3b 
3 3 2 3 Oliver lf 
4 3 2 2 a* G Ester lf 
5 ) 2 1 Strgll lb 
4 3 3 4 
,m. Bench c 
4 1 1 1 Stnntt 
7b 
7 o 1o 
, Grnimo ct 
4 I 2 I Garner 
3b 
3 1 o o 
» Cncpcn ss 
5 1 1 o Over c 
S i l l 
» , Zachrv p 
2 o 1o Kison a 
I I I o w» Alcala p 
o o o o Frster p 
2 o 1o 
* 
Ambrstrph 
I o I I jckson p 
1 o 17 
** M urray p 
o o o o Tkulve a 
o o o o m Borbon p 
o o o o 
Knight oh 
1o 12 
Eastwk 
o 
o o o o 
I 
® Total 
39 IO 14 IO Total 
33 12 13 ll 

* Cincinnati 
4 o 2 O O I 
o 2 1-1o 
Pittsburgh 
3 2 o o 3 o 
4 o x — 12 
E —Grifter 
D P —Cincinnati 
I l o b — 
Cincinnati 
7. 
Pittsburgh 
5. 
78—Stennett. 
** Oyer, 
Bench, 
Jackson, 
Knight, 
IDriessen. 
Wtxifep-Moreno. 
Arm brisfer 
HR —Driessen 
*», 
(61, 
GFoster 
(4), 
Morgan 
(4), 
Stargell 
2 het (6). 
Oliver 
(2) 
SB — Taverns. 
Stennett, 
Oriessen. 
S —Stennett. 
SF —Bench, 

 mm la Chry 
IL,2 4) mr- Aicoio 
M urray 
*•*' Borbon 
•**- Eastwick 
" 
K lion 
T Forster 
^ 
Jackson 
" Tekuive 
Save—Tekulvc 

(W,)-o> 

(2) 

IP 
4I 
I 13 
2 3 
1 
2 l l 
3 13 
2 13 
I 
T —2:42. 

O ver 
E R B B SO 
8 
4 
2 

A — 16,799 

7-6 
R E D S ’ D on D riessen slides p a st Rues’ D u ffy D y e r 

A P W IR E P H O T O 

■A M O N T R EA L 
SAN' D IE G O ab r h bi ab r k bl 
Cosh 
7b 
4 I 
I o G Rhrd s cf 
5 1 1 o 
Soeier ss 
5 o I I 
Almon ss 
5 o 1o 
EVItne rf 
5 I 2 I 
Turner lf 
3 2 o o 
Perez 
IO 
5 I 7 I 
Wmfld rf 
4 1 1 7 
Wk Crmrfe lf 
4 I 
I o I vie 
3b 
4 ) 1 1 
WK 
Carter c 
5 I o o Tenocc lb 
4 1 3 3 
OWW Unser cf 
5 I 7 I 
Chman 
7b 
5 o 1 o 
MR Parrish 
3b 
3 I 
I J Davis 
C 
1 o o o 
*** 
Stnhse p 
3 o I o Hndrck 
Oh 
1 o o o r n 
M cEny p 
o o o o DRbrts c 
1 o o o low. Krrign p 
o o o o Saw yer a 
o o o o 
•OM 
Spllner p 
o o o o 
Sthrlnd ph 
1 o 1 o 
Bernal p 
o o o o 
Rtmnd oh 
1 o o o 
B M ttg r p 
o o o o 
RVitne ph 
1 o o o 
Tomlin a 
o o o o 
RR­ Toto) 
39 7.11 6 
Total 
36 6 9 6 

Montreal 
o 2 I 
o I I 
1 1 o - 7 
RRX San 
Diego 
2 o o OOO o 2 2 - 6 
MR 
E —G Richards, 
Almon, 
Ivie, 
Champion 
WOK2, 
Sawyer. 
C O B —M ontreal 
9, 
San 
Diego 
ROC IO 
2B—Perez, 
Crom ortie, 
Tenace. 
3B —A l­ 
WM' mon. 
H R —Winfield 
<S>, 
P e re i 
(5), tin se r 
ROO­ (2). 
Tenace 
(4). 
S B — Almon. 
S— Stan- 
RK, house lr** 
IP 
H 
R 
E R B B SO 

R ed Sox, 3-o 
T ig ers, 6-2 

BOSTON’ (Af*) — Rookie Bob Stan­ ley posted his first major league shu­ tout by outdueling southpaw Prank 
Ianana with a six-hitter Saturday in the Boston Red Sox' ;{-() victory over the California Angels. 

D ETRO IT (A P) — Dave Rozema scattered seven hits and fellow rookie 
Phil Mankowski drove in two runs and accounted for two others Saturday as the Detroit Tigers defeated the 
Milwaukee Brewers 6-2. 

K A N SA S C ITY ab r h bi 
T E X A S ab r h bi 
G Brett 
3b 
3 o I o Wshgtn lf 
2 o o o 
Heise 
3h 
I o o o DMoy lf 
4 o o I 
M cRae dh 
5 o 2 I 
Cmpnrs ss 
4 I 2 o 
Poette lf 
4 o o o Hrgrwe lb 
4 I 2 2 
Zdeb lf 
o o o I 
Horton dh 
I o o o 
M ybrry lb 
4 o o o Howell dh 
2 o o o 
Otis cf 
S I 
I I 
Hndrsn rf 
5 o o o 
Porter c 
I o o o H arrah 
3b 
5 I 2 o 
Wathan c 
3 I 
I o Wills 
2b 
I 
o o o 
Cowens rf 
4 2 2 I 
Aiomor 
2b 
3 o I o 
Putek ss 
4 I o o Snabrg c 
4 I I 
I 
Rotas 
2b 
2 o I I 
Bem aul cf 
4 I 2 I 
FWtute 
Total 
2b 
o 
36 
I 
6 
o o 
8.5 
Total 
39 Ji IO 5 

Kansas 
City 
Texas 
E —M ayberry, 

o o o o 3 2 
OOO 2oo 
GBrett, 
Perry. 

OOO 1— 6 
o o 3.o— .5 
D P — Kan- 

C A L IF O R N IA 
BO STO N 
M IL W A U K E E 
D E T R O IT 

Stanhouse 
M cEnanev 
Kerrigan 
Saw yer 
(L.1-3) 
Spinner 
Bernal 
BMetzger 
Tomlin 

I W.3-3 
8 
7 
13 I 
2 3 
I 
4 13 7 
2 3 o 
I I 
o o 

 ob r h bi ab r h bi 
Grich ss 
4 o 1o 
Burlson 
SS 
4 o o o 
Rem y 
2b 
3 o o o Dillard 
7b 
4 I 
2 I 
Baylor lb 
4 o o o Rice 
It1 
3 I 
2 o 
Rudi lf 
4 o o o GScott lb 
4 o I I 
Bonds rf 
3 o 1o 
Fisk c 
4 o o o 
Chalk 
3b 
4 o 3 o Evan s rf 
2 I 
I o 
Bochtc ct 
3 o o o Hobson 
3b 
3 o o o 
Rojksn dh 
3 o o o Oorwin dh 
3 o I I 
Echbrn c 
7 o o o DCImn 
Cf 
3 o o o 
R Jones 
Ph 
1o 1o 
Hmphy c 
o o o o 
Totol 
31 o 6 o Total 
3o 3 7 3 

California 
OOO OOO o o o— o 
Boston 
OOO o l l o I x - 3 
E —Hobson. 
Dillard 
D P —California 
I, 
Boston 
2 
L O B —California 
6, 
Boston 
5 
2B—Bond 
Evans, 
Darwin 
H R — Dillard 
(I). 
S B —Chalk 
IP 
H 
R 
E R B B SO 
Tanana a , 4 1> 
8 
7 
3 
3 
2 
3 
BSfoniey 
(W.2 o) 
9 
6 
o 
o 
2 
3 

 joshua 
Yount 
Cooner 
Bando 
Money 
Lzcano 
Quirk 
Whlfrd 
Hepan 
Moore 
Total 

 ct ss lb 
3b 
2b rf db lf lf 

 ab r h bi 
4 o o o 
4 o 1o 
4 o o o 
4 1 1 1 
3 o 1o 
4 I 2 I 
4 o o o 
2 o o o 
2 o o o 
3 o 2 o 
34 2.7.2 Total 

Le Fire 
Funfes 
Staub 
Oolivie 
MStnly 
Kemp 
Wckfss 
Mkwski 
W agner 

 cf 
2b dh rf lb lf c 
3b 

 ab r h bi 
4 o o o 
ooo 
1 I I 
OOO 
o I o 
4 2 o 
1 2 I 
o 3 2 
OOO 

S— Be n iau ei, 

 sos 
City 
I. 
L O B —Kansas 
City 
S, 
Texas 
It 
2B—Roios, 
H arrah, 
Alomar. 
3B— Ben lauet. 
H R —Cowens 
(5), 
Otis 
(5), 
Hor grove 
(2). 
SB — Bemquez 
Sundberg. 
SF — Rotas, 
Zdeb. 
IP 
8 2 3 
o 
(W.3-1) 
I 1-3 
9 
(L.l-1) 
13 
2-3 

Leonard 
Hall 
Litten 
Pe rry 
Devine 
Knowles 
W P —Leonard 

E R B B SO 

T —3:29. 
A — 22,166 

31.6 9 4 

T-2.16 
A—28.426. 

Milwaukee 
o I o I OO O O O - 2 
Detroit 
I I o I o I 
o 2 x — 6 
E —Travers, 
Wohlford, 
L e Flo re 
LO B — 
Milwaukee 
6. 
Detroit 
7 
2B — Woekenfuss 
38—Kemp, 
Money 
H R —Staub 
(4), 
Lei- cano 
(4), 
Bando 
( I) . 
SB —Yount. 
IP 
H 
R 
E R B B SO 
<L,33> 
7 
8 
6 
4 
5 
S 
I 
I 
o 
o 
o 
o 
<W,2-o> 
9 
7 
2 
2 
1 
3 
Trovers 
(Fu en tes). 
T — 2 14. 

Trovers 
M cClure 
Roiem o 
H B P —Bv 
A — IS,391. 

GLOBE 

Service Center Hours 
M ond ay -Tridoy 9-9 
Clotad Sunday* 
Saturday 9-6 

7142 N. SAN PEDRO AVE. 
238 S.W. MILITARY DR. 
492o FREDERICKSBURG RD 

DUNLOP 4 FULL PLY* 
POLYESTER CORDS! 

DUNLOP GOLD SEAL 
STEEL BELTED RADIAL! 
WHITEWALLS! 

SIZE: 
FEO. 
EXC. TAX: 
MKE: 

1178-13 
2.o4 34** 

 tV( 
o878 14 
2.38 37“ 
I®$% 

1*78-14 
2.47 38“ 

H78-14 
2.65 41“ 

G878-I4 
2.85 43“ 
WI 
H878-I4 
3.o4 46“ 

6878-15 
2.9o 44“ 

H878-I5 
3.11 47“ 

J878-I5 
3.27 48“ 

1878-15 
3.44 5o“ 
INSTALLATION 

2 STEEL 
BELTS plus 
2 
POLYESTER 
CORDS! 

COUPON! 
WHEEL 
! ALIGNMENT I 

 with coupon i. Value 7.88 

Set Comber, Coster & Toe 
Shims 
A 
Labor included 
Oiler good lot most U S cots, ports extra rf needed 

INCLUDED! 

LUBRICATION 
SPECIAL: 
82.1*. 

9 
88 
' 

Change Oil A Replace Oil filter Mafor Brand Oti for mo*! can with grease fthngi max 5 guam 
1o-49W We*-,kl 

(WHITEWALL 
PLUS ONLY 

 l$ 3 .o o EACH1 •By rotmfs art monutoluroi! rn tiny I sy«(ih<otiom 

SHOCKS ABSORBERS! 
£ 8 8 
PREMIUM 

Adjust ta road ion 
Aliens uutomolitolly under ihanjinj tam petofutai 

LEVELLERS: frogteiiive spring slaps side sway ond odds 
(onttoib and salt 
I 

DUNLOP BELTED GT 
QUALIFIER TIRE! 

 cr* ta h i 
Vt-14 
I JI 

 my Am i ion muuoiO1 " # hiu fuel 

A 
2 POLYESTER CORDS 

 r n p lu s 7 FIBERGLASS BELTS! 
RO. 
HD r r if ZI: 
UC TU: NIKI: 
RZI: 
UC. TAX: WKL 
*7o-13 
1.96 
32.88 
F66-14 
I M 
43.88 
•7o-13 
111 
34.88 
ITA 14 
147 
38.88 
66o-14 
1.o 7 
46.88 

 f 7o-14 
2.61 
42.88 
16o-14 
3.56 
56.88 

I 
67o-14 
2 71 
46.88 
(6o-15 
2.93 
45.88 f 
67o15 
2o4 
47.18 
MA < 
M S 
37.88 
66o-15 
3.o4 
46.88 

(6o-14 
2.61 
41.88 
16o-15 
3.7o 
56.88 

U.S. prevails 

VIENNA (A P) - A depicted U.S. ice hockey team made a gallant finish to the World Championships Saturday night, aiming from behind to edge 
Finland 11-2 despite five players miss­ ing from the squad. llolv ( ^ross loses 

SPECIAL TO THE EXPRESS NEWS 
DALLAS—Dallas Jesuit eliminated Holy Cross in the consolation finals of the TCIL state tournament 
Saturday morning, 7-4. 
The teams matched runs until the Rangers put across three tallies in the last of the fourth. 
Sonny Guerrero belted a bases-dearing double in the third after Andy Flores knocked in a run with a second inning single. Frank Vasquez added 2-for-3. 
Catcher Ronnie Gonzalez was walked twice inten­ tionally, grounded out and flied out. yet finished 
6-for-1o for the tournament. 
, 
He is just one of just three seniors starters off a team that finishes 19-1o. The others are left fielder 
Tom V aldez and shortstop Caesar Macias. 
D A L L A S J E S U IT 7, 
H O LY C R O SS 4 
Holy Cross 
OI.) OOO o - J 
4 
2 
Dalles Jesuit 
o13 3oo x - 7 
I 
o 
Calderon. Gusm an '. ) and Gonzalez. Copeland and M cBrid e . 
SWT Heifers win 

SPECIAL TO THI EXPRtSS NfWS 
SAN MARCOS — Southwest Texas blanked St. 
Mary’s, 9-U, for the third time this year Saturday to win the NAIA District 4 tennis championship. 
The Bobcats earned a berth in the NAIA National 
Tourney June May 31-June 4 at Kansas City by blanking the Big State Conference champions, whom they had shutout twice earlier in regular season dual matches. 
In the District 4 doubles finals. Dominique 
Dumillon and Brian Lewis of the Bobcats, the Lone 
Star Conference doubles champion, stopped BSC doubles champion Larry Levinson and Ben Nixon, 
6-4. 6-4. 
Here ore the results of Soturdov s N A IA District 4 chompionshiD tennis match between Southwest Texas and St. M ary s: 
• 
S IN G L E S : Dommiaue Dumillon, S WT, del. L a rry Levinson. 7 6. 
7-6. G arry Seym our, SWT, aet Ben Nixon, 6 4. 7 6. 
Tom Deavenport, SW T, d e l Tim Jo rd an , 6-o. -6-1. B ria n Lew is, 
SW T, del 
Dave Magee. 6-1, 6 2. D ave Ed w ard s, SW T , d e l P J. 
Fleming, 6-o. 6-1 
Kart Thomas. SW T, del Ja m ie Houston, 6 2. 6 o. 
D O U B L E S ' 
Seym our ond Deavenoort, SW T , d e l Jo rd a n and 
Flem ing, 6-o, 6-3. Dumillon and Lew is, S WT, det. Levinson ond 
Nixon, 6 4, 6 4. 
Edw ard s and 
Thomas. 
SWT, det. 
M agee and 
Houston, 7 6. 6-2. 
Fight added 

It ut 
((loin pi iton) 

AIB AOiUSTABH 
SHOCKS: fir coit O' pick tipi 
•hot cony vo no bit 
M i sun TO 111 MOS! U S UIS. 
IMPOIfS OI PICK-UPS. 
Upon hnttUotion Avertible 

DRUM BRAKE 
YOUR 
FRONT DISC 
PACKAGE! 
CHOICE 
BRAKE 

All 4 WH**ls! 
OF 
PACKAGE! 
• toiled MIW timngi hon! bm * Soot* I Ilium Sp* 
EITHER 
Front Disc 

«*J4 
PACKAGE 
Brakes Only. 
• luff* (hum I leburtd 4 
FOR 
• inned KCW front Din 
Wheel Cylinder 
ONE 
Irokoi to*!, front (rot. 
• tot I ion! Wheel Inning* 
Mordwoif t Gioom Sooh 
I ll»»d Hy*ioulK Syllom 
PRICE! e Ubuildmg front (odeon 
• CUA* 4 lube ktkmg 

OO 

OO 
O 
' 

 t Turn front o>u Ilion holfi i MIU I' toking 
(robot 
• fork front Wheel leering! 
I Hood Kydrouhr Sytlim 
• into*,' I lubO felt 4*1 utimg Mn bonum I ll* 
Tot m ost U S. 
• In-gori Mon cr (yfrndor I 
(•or (robe! load tin 
Mot in 
Cylinder 
Cars or 
Cor Iv Sofety load Ten tor (or lately 
Light Trucks 

Tour Iroko Sodom wilt bo import#* — it oxy o*4itio«ol work or port! DCO oooclo*. you'd bo coloroto* botoro work koyms 
FREI INSPECTION AT NO OBLIGATION! 

I I BID WHIT! LfmiSI 

— VALUABLE COUPON!— 
Keep-Kool-Kare! 
88 
Plus Freon if needed. 

7 POINT AUTO 

AIR CONDITIONING 

SERVICE! 

I. Check freon level 4. Check 4 Clean (ondemor 
2 Check 4 Ad) Belts 5 Check Compressor 

I 

Gilbert Galvan of S.A. and Augustin Fstrada of 
El Paso will meet in a 
IO-round rematch in the semifinal bout on the 
May 17 boxing card at 
Municipal Auditorium. 
Promoter Tony Padilla matched these two against each other in 
March and 
Estrada shocked Galvan with a first-round THO. 
Padilla said that Gal- 
.van has been demanding a rematch, claiming the first fight was a fluke. 
The 12-round main event has undefeated 
Mike Ayala of S.A. de­ fending his North Amer­ ican Boxing Federation super bantamweight title 

3. Check Hoses 
I 
I Seols 

6. Check Thermostot 

7. Check Aire. Clutch 
GLASS TINTING 
For Home & Cor Af 
SQLAR-X 

C A L L 3 4 9 - 6 4 6 9 

 against former world champ Rodolfo Martinez of Mexico. 
Tickets are priced at 
$■">, $7 and $8 and are on sale at the Gunter Hotel lobby. International Club and Atlas Bar. 
Uno lino 

NEW VORK CITY - 
Soy Numero, owned by 
San 
Antonio's 
Joe 
Strauss. Sr., survived a foul claim to win the se­ cond division of the 
$1o6,4oo split 
Carter 
Handicap Saturday at 
Aqueduct. 
Soy 
Numero 
Uno earned $31,77o with its 
12th win in 2o career starts by the seven fur­ long race in 1:22 1/5 se­ conds. 
Soy Numero Uno paid 
$5.6o. $3.2o and $2.6o and raised its career earn­ ings to $172,4o5. It was the horse’s fourth victory in six starts this year. 

 racehorse, so somebody else could take care of it." 
Many great horses these days retire after their third season, some turning to lucrative careers as studs. But the 
Taylors, who were so conservative in choosing their horse's races, now cau­ tiously speculate that the breeders may just have to wait for the services of Slew. 

" I know it sounds crazy.” Taylor said. “ But if he’s sound, we'll run him as a 4-year-old. The breeders have to remember that the racetrack is where horses make their name. 

“ Besides we d like to give back so­ mething to the sport and to the fans." 
Texas loses 

ARLINGTON (A P) - Kookie pinch hitter Joe /deb s JOth-inning sacrifice fly gave the Kansas City Royals 6-5 victory over the Texas Rangers Satur­ day night in a game marred by a 
15-mmute brawl between the bitter ri­ vals. 
The Royals blew a 5-2 lead in the bottom of the ninth when Mike Har­ grove greeted reliever Tom Hall with a two-out, two-run homer that capped a three-run rally. 
Kansas City scored the winning run when reliever Adrian Devine walked 
Frank White, who went to third on Hal 
McRae's single. Zdeb baited for Tom 
Poquette and lofted a fly ball that scored White. 

Pan Cook 

Slew’s future: run or romance 

LO UISVILLE, Ky. - Seattle 
Slew, the new king of the equine set, was back in barn 42 when the sun got low Saturday and the nearby celebration reached toward a peak. 
No champion since Sugar Ray 
Robinson has had more camp followers but the three-year*old colt wasn’t disturbed by the steady stream of loud well­ wishers. 

"W e did it, we did it." a fat fellow kept shouting. Nobody seemed to know who he was and only the smallest few seemed to care. He sure wasn’t a jockey. Not even Seattle Slew could have packed that 3oo pounds for more than a furlong. 
But while the "we did it" boosters jumped with joy the inner circle of 
Slew's braintrust toyed with weighty decisions. 
The Triple Crow n s second jewel, the 
Bleakness, is next and t’hen in June comes the Belmont. What then, after thai? 
Some now say that Seattle Slew will continue with his racing for at least another year. But others are leaning toward quick retirement and an early start on Slew ’s sex life. 
The horse doesn't get to vote but he’d probably prefer a little of both. 
Breeding the key 
It was Abraham Lincoln w ho started that jazz about all men being created equal. Abe didn’t say anything about women, or horses. 
Breeding might not mean a big bunch in the human race but it’s ever­ ything in horse races. 
Look at it this way. Saturday Seattle 
Slew became the fifth consecutive son or grandson of Bold Ruler to win this 
Kentucky Derby. Now folks, that’s just some kind of coincidence. 
Secretariat was Bold Ruler’s colt and the other four recent winners are grandsons of the big stud. You can imagine all the lovely maidens that they’ve got lined up waiting for Bold 
Ruler’s favors now. He couldn’t win the Derby himself — finishing in ‘57 — but his kids and their kids are greased lightning. 
Bold Ruler now earns more money in the romance barns on a good weekend than many horses win in their careers on the track. 
But Seattle Slew wasn’t the only blueblood iii this year’s Derby. Much to the contrary, every one of the 15 entries was either the son or grandson 

Y a n k s , I 1-2 

NEW YORK (A P) - Mickey Rivers and Roy White slammed three-run homers and Graig Nettles added a solo shot to power Don Cullen and the New 
York Yankees to an 11-2 victory over tin* Oakland A’s Saturday. 
The triumph, coupled with M il­ waukee’s loss to Detroit, gave the defending champion Yankees sole possession of first place in the Ameri­ can League East. 
O A K LA N D 
N E W Y O R K 

Arm as 
MAIxdr 
Pccolo 
RS coft 
North 
M cKny 
Page 
Allen 
Mallory 
Sngtlen 
Newmn 
Whams 
Gross 
P e re ! 
L M ray 
Totol 

 or ss ss ct 

 lb rf 
1b 

 lf c c db 
3b 
2b cf 

 ab r h bi 
o o o o Rndlph 
o 1 o o Zeber 
1 o o o R ivers 
3 o 2 o Munson 
3 o 2 1 H ealy 
2 o o o R e Jk sn 
4 o 1o Blair 
3 o o o Chmbls 
1 o o o RW hite 
3 o 1o Nettles 
1 o o o CM av 
4 o 1o 
4 13 1 
3 o 1o 
4 o o o 
36 2. II 2 

Den! 

Total 

2b 
2b cf c c rf rf 
1b lf 
3b dh 

 ss 

 ab r h bi 
2 2 1o 
1o o o 
5 2 2 3 
3 o 11 
2 11o 
3 1 1 o 
o o o o 
5 2 2 o 
3 12 4 
5 1 2 2 
5 o o o 
2 1o o 

36 11.12 IO 

Oakland 
.............. 
New 
York 
E —Page, 
M cKinney 
L O B —Oakland 
9, 
New 
ReJockson, 
William s, 
( I) , 
While 
(3) 
S B —MAlexander. 

.. 1ooooooo 1—2 
23 o o 4 2 OO x— ll 
D P —Oakland 
I. 
York 
9. 
2B—North, 
Perez. 
Nettles 
(3), 
H R — R ive rs 
Gross 
(7). 

Langford 
(L.3-1) 
2 
5 
JColem an 
3 
3 
M N orris 
3 
4 
Gutlett 
(W,2-2) 
9 ll 
W P —JColem an. 
H B P — By 
(B la ir). T—3:o). 
A— 16,324. 

E R B B SO 
4 
2 
3 
4 
4 
3 
2 
I o 
2 
2 IO 
M N orris 

Cubs, I l- r 

A TLA N T A 
C H IC A G O 

Rvster 
Chaney 
Pcorek 
Brrghs 
Gaston 
Pcroba 
Aslstne 
Bonnell 
Rckett 
CRbnsn 
PNekro 
Cmpbll 
Moore 
Esterly 
Gilbrth 

Total 

3b 
2b lb rf lf c cf cf ss ssp a oh pPh 

 ob r h bi 
4 1o o 
5 12 o 
4 12 2 
S i l l 
4 o 1o 
2 o 1 1 
o o o 
o 
o 
o 
o oOOO 

36 4.9.4 

O eJsus 
Crdnal 
Clines 
Buttner 
M urcer 
Gross 
Je M rls 
W allis 
Trillo 
Kenner 
Otvros 
Mtrwld 
B u rn s 
Bckner 
Bnham 
G H n di 
Todd 
Total 

 ss lf lf lb rf rf cf cf 
2b 
2b 
3b c p ph pr 
P 

34 

 ab r h bi 
3 o 11 
o I o 
OOO 
2 2 o 
2 I o 
ooo 
1 3 I 
OOO 
3 2 2 
OOO 
2 I I 
3 12 2 
2 o 11 
1o 11 
o o o o 
1o o o 
o o o o 
11.15 9 

Atlanta 
.............................. 
o o o 3 o o o o 1 — 4 
Chicago 
....................... 
o 3 1 o 5 2 o o m— ll 
E —Chaney, 
OeJesus, 
Rockett. 
D P — At­ lanta 
I. 
L O B —Atlanta 
9, 
Chicago 
7. 
2B — 
Chaney, 
Paciorek 
H R — Trillo 
(3). 
SB — 
Royster. 
S—Dejesus. 
S F —Pocoroba, 
Mit- terwald, 
Dejesus. 

<L,o-6) 
PNiekro 
Campbell 
Easterly 
Burris 
(W,4-3) 
GHernandez 
Todd 

H 
R 
E R B B SO l l 
8 
7 
3 
o 
1 
I o 
2 
I 
I 
3 
I 
3 
o 
I o 
1 
I 
I 

I 
I 
3 
2 
5 
3 
3 
o 
I I 
W P —GHernandez. 
T—2:27. 
A —22,877. 
O rio les, T-2 

S E A T T L E 
B A L T IM O R E ab r h bi 
B a e l 
2b 
4 o 1o am b ry rf 
Braun lf 
5 o 1o 
Belngr ss 
Lopez cf 
3 1 1 o 
BSm ith 
2b 
Bnhrdf dh 
3 o o o LM oy lb 
Stem 
3b 
4 o 1o 
M user lb 
Sfantn rf 
2 12 2 M u rray dh 
Lis th 
3 o 1o 
DeCncs 
3b 
M eyer lb 
o o o o PoKlty rf 
CRylds ss 
3 o 1o 
Harlow cf 
Collins 
Ph 
1 o 1o 
Shopay rf 
Stinson c 
o o o o Dmpsy c 
Cor c 
3 o o o 
M ilbrne ss 
1 o o o 
Total 
32 2 9.2 
Total 

 ab r h bi 
4 o 1o 
o o o o 
2 I 
I I I 
OOO 
4 o 11 
3 o o o 

3o 4 8.4 

Seattle 
Baltimore 
E — CReynolds, 
Baltimore 
2. 

o o o. 1 o o o 1 o - . 2 
....................o I o. I o 2 o o x— 4 
Boer. 
D P — Seattle 
I, 
L O B —Seattle 
IO. 
Baltim ore 
7. 
28—CReynolds, 
Braun, 
DeCinces, 
Lo ­ pez. 
3B—DeCinces. 
H R —Stanton 
(4), 
M u r­ ray 
(5>. 
S B — P aK e lly, 
Shopay. 
S F —Po- 
Kelly, 
Stanton. 

RiJones 
(L,o-t) 
Pagan 
R M ay 
EW,3-3) 
Hldswrth 
Flanagan 
Save— Flanagan 
( I ) . 

IP . . . H . 
4 1-3 
6 
3 2-3 2 
7 1-3 8 
1-3 o 
I 1-3 
I 
T — 2:35. 

E R B B SO 

 of former Kentucky Derby competi­ tors. 
The horsey set is heavy on blood lines. There just aren’t any wagom pullers hanging on any of these family trees. 
Heavy cash flow 
It has been said and written that 
America is enduring hard times with inflation up and employment down. 
But that word evidently hasn’t yet reached Louisville because a record 
$8,81 1,486 was shoved through the windows of chance here Saturday. 
That’s a batch of cash when you consider that about half the spectators 
Saturday were in the snake pit, the infield of Churchill Downs. 
Frisbees and pot were the headliners in that area as 65,ooo weary souls jammed the fences for occasional peeks at horses. It looked like Coney 
Island on the Fourth of July — without water. 
But it was bourbon and betting in the grandstands as celebrities tripped over each other in this strangest of fashion parades. Why, Lord Darby of England was even here. But then, so was Rocky 
Graziano if you care for contrast. 
Baseball must have had an off-day 
Saturday because it seemed like all the wheels of thai sport were here. The sixth race, about an hour before the 
Derby, wound up as a showdown between baseball men. 
Sweet Little Lady, the property of 
New York Yankee owner George 
Steinbrenner. won the Debutante 
Stakes after waging a tough stretch duel with Miss Poodle Pup, a filly owned by Joe Adcock, the old first baseman. Adcock's horses led most of the way hut those who have, gets. The wealthy Steinbrenner picked up the trophy and first place cash while Ad­ cock had to settle for third with his longshot entry. 

Two to go 

Meanwhile, back at barn 42. two handlers went to work on a long, care­ ful rubdown of Seattle Slew. The Derby winner liked it. Well, he seemed to like it. 
Maybe lie liked what he was hearing. 
The talk was moving back in favor of stud after the Belmont. But then, so much depends on how Slew fares in those two runs for the Triple Crown. 
Slew lifted his right leg while some strong salve was applied. You could smell it 3o yards away, up or down­ wind. The stuff probably could kill warts and curt* ringworm on a human. 
Then the fat man returned. “ We did it. we did it." Even the most glorious victory has some disadvantage. 
T w in s, |. I 

M IN N ESO T A 
TO RO NTO ob r It bi ab r h bi 
Hisle lf 
3 12 o H Trres 
SS 
4 o o o 
SmuMey ss 
3 o 1o 
Mason ss 
2 o o o 
Corew lh 
3 o o o PG rcia 
2b 
1 o o o 
W vngor c 
3 1 1 o 
AWoods lf 
4 1 3 o 
Bs'ock cf 
4 2 3 o Velez dh 
2 o 11 
Cbboge 
3b 
3 o 12 
Fairly rf 
4 o 1o 
Chiles dh 
4 o o o Ault lb 
4 o o o 
Ford rf 
4 o 11 
GWods cf 
4 o o o 
Wtliong 
2b 
4 o o o Ashby c 
4 o 1 o 
M cK ay 
3b 
2 o o o 
Total 
31 4 9.3 
Totol 
31 1 6 1 
Minnesota 
.. 
3 o o o o o o o 1— 4 
Toronto 
. 
o o o o o o 
o 1o— 1 
E —Wilfong, 
Cubboae. 
O P - M innesota 
4, 
Toronto 
2. 
2B—Hisle 
S—Smollev, 

Thrdsgrd 
Burgm eier 
ToJohnsoo 
Horgon 

L O S —Minnesota 
3B—Cabbage, 
Cabbage. 
IP 
(W,2-l) 
7I I 
<L,l-3) 
9 

5, 
Toronto 
7. 
Ashby, 
AWoods. 

E R B B SO 
o 
4 
2 
1 
o 
o 
O O O 
4 
3 
I 
Astros, 3-1 

HOUSTON 
S T ..L O U IS ob r h bl ab r h bi 
JGnztz ss s o i l 
Brock if 
5 1 1 o 
JCruz rf 
3 o 1o 
Tmpltn ss 
4 o o o 
Cedeno cf 
4 o o o Scott cf 
4 o 11 
Crwfrd lf 
5 12 o HCruz rf 
3 o o o 
Watson lb 
5 o 1o 
Andrsn rf 
1 o o o 
Frgson c 
5 12 2 Smmns c 
3 o 1o 
Boswell 
2b 
5 o 2 o Yngbld pr 
o o o o 
Howe 
3b 
5 o 1o 
D aRder c 
o o o o 
Rchard 
P 
2 o o o KHrndz lb 
4 o o o 
CJhnsn oh 
o o o o R e in 
3b 
3 o o o 
Howard pr 
o 1 o o Tyson 
2b 
4 o o o 
K Frsch 
P 
o o o o Rsmssn 
D 
2 o o o 
Cabell 
Ph 
1 o o o Hrbsky p 
o o o o 
Smbito 
P 
o o o o M cBde oh 
1 o o o 
U rrea i 
o o o o 
M um ry 
Ph 
1o o o 
Totol 
4o 3.1o.3 
Total 
35.1.3.1 
Houston 
St.Louis 
D P —St. 
Louis 

. 
OOO OOO o 1 o o J - 3 
o o o.o o o. I o o.o o-.I 
2. 
L O B — Houston 
8, 
St.Louis 
«. 
2B—Simmons. 
H R — Ferguson 
(7). 
S B —JC ru z, 
Howard. 
S—Templton, 
JC ru i. 
IP . . . H . R 
E R B B SO 
Richard 
7 
2 
I 
I 
I 
9 
KForsch 
2 
o 
o 
o 
o 
I 
Sambito 
(W.3-1) 
2 
I 
o 
o 
I 
I 
Rasmussen 
7 1-3 7 
I 
I 
3 
3 
Hrobosky 
2-3 o 
o 
O 
O 
O 
Urrea 
<L,l-2) 
3 
3 
2 
2 
o 
I 
M ets, 6-o 

N E W Y O R K 
. SAN F R A N ab r h bi ab r h bi 
Randle 
2b 
5 2 3 1 Hrndon cf 
3 o o o 
Slam s c 
5 12 1 Thomas 
2b 
3 o 1o 
Milner lf 
3 o 11 Hverto 
P 
o o o o' 
Kngmn rf 
2 o o 1 Thmssn 
Ph 
1o o o 
Krnpol lb 
4 1 1 o Wham s 
P 
o o o o 
Phiips 
3b 
4 1 ) o Clark rf 
3 o o o 
Mzzilti cf 
3 o 1o Mdlock 
3b 
4 o 1o 
Staigr 
3b 
2 1o o MCCvy lb 
4 o o o 
Hrrisn ss 
1 o o o Elliott lf 
3 o o o 
Ksman 
o 
4 o 12 Foil ss 
3 o 1o 
Hill 
C 
3 o o o 
MUSCO p 
1 o o o 
Crnutl p 
o o o o 
RAdws 
2b 
2 o o o 
Total 
33 6 IO 6 Total 
3o o 3 o 
New 
York 
........... 
1o 2 3 o o OOO- 6 
San 
Francisco 
OOO OOO O OO- o 
E —Thomas, 
Koosman. 
D P — San 
Fron- cisco 
I. 
L O B —New 
York 
6, 
5. 
2B—Foil. 
3B—Stearns. 
S F —Kingm an, 
Milner. 

San 
Francisco 
S B — Randle. 

Koosman 
Mnttusco 
Cornutt 
Heaveho 
William s 
W P —Montefusco 

(W,2-3) 
IL,2-4) 

IP 
9 
3 1-3 
2 2-3 
2 I 

..H 
3 
8IIo 

E R B B SO 
o 
2 
7 

2. 
T— 2:o8. 
A — 5,245. 
W h ite sox, 5-2 

CHICAGO 

C o rr 
Bamstr 
Zisk 
Splicer 
Gamble 
LJhnsn 
Sdrnim 
Lemon 
Briim er 
Owning 
Essian 
Total 

Chicago 
Cleveland 
E — Bannister 
Cleveland 
3. 
12. 
2B—G arr, 

O 
C L E V E L A N D ab r h bi ab r h bi lf 
5 12 1 Maning cf 
4 o o o ss 
4 13 1 Kuiper 
2b 
4 o o o rf 
3 1 1 2 
JN o rris rf 
4 o I o lb 
3 o o o Grubb lf 
3 o o o dh 
3 o 2 o Carty dh 
3 o o o dh 
1o o o Blanks ss 
3 I 
I I 
3b 
4 o 1o 
BBell 
3b 
3 I 
I I cf 
4 1 1 o 
Thntn lb 
3 o o o 
2b 
3 1 1 o 
Kendall c 
4 o I o c 
3 o 1o c 
o o o 1 
33.5.12.5 
Total 
31.2 4 2 
.......... 1 o o o 1 o.o 2 1—5 
..........................OOO o o 2 OOO- 2 
2, 
Blanks. 
D P —Chicago 
I, 
L O B —Chicago 
5, 
Cleveland 
Lemon. 
3B— JN o rris . 
H R — 
Blanks 
G arr. 
(I), 
BBetl 
S—Blanks, 
(2), 
Zisk 
Broham er. 

A — 16,212. 

Knapp 
Hamilton 
BJohnson 
Garland 
LaRoche 
T —2: SI. 

(W.3-2 
(L-o-4) 

A — 15,o26. 

IP 
5 2-3 
2-3 
2 2-3 
7 
2 

(IO ). 
SB — 
S F — Essian. 
R 
E R B B SO 
2 
2 
6 
5 

R A Y M O N D FLOYD clinches fist as bird ie p utt drops in during 
Saturday play ap w ir e p h o t o 
Crenshaw, Floyd tie for Nelson golf lead 

DALLAS — Ray Floyd and Ben Crenshaw both birdied the final hole — shortly after the national television cameras had ended their coverage for the day — and remained in a tie for the lead Saturday in the third round of the $2oo,ooo Byron Nelson Golf 
Classic. 

C re n s h a w , erratic in the m ild, hazy w eather, started the day in a four-way tie fur the lead, once dropped three strokes off the pace, then birdied the 
15th and 16th to catch up again. 
But after the television coverage had ended, he fell behind once again when Floyd dropped a 15-foot birdie putt on the last hole. 
Gentle Ben, playing behind Hay, lofted his ap­ proach high and soft against the cloudy sky, and 

 drew a huge roar from the gallery when the ball came to rest less than two feet from the cup. 
He tapped in for the birdie that tied it again, finishing off a round of three-under-par HH. Floyd also had a 68 and they are tied at the top at 2o7, six under par for three trips over the tough, 6,983-yard 
Preston Trail Golf Club course. 

Lyn Lott, who led or shared the lead through the first two rounds, could do no better than match par 
71 and dropped three strokes off the pace at 21o. 
Buddy Allin, a former champion who chipped in from 6o feet for eagle 3 on his first hole, Bill Kratzert and Ed Sneed, recent winner of the Tallahassee 
Open, were next at 211. Allin had a 65, Kratzert 68 and Sneed 69. 
The group of eight at 212 put 14 players w ithin five strokes of each other going into Sunday’s final round of the chase for a $4o,ooo first prize 

DALLAS (AP) — Third round scores Saturday in the $2oo,ooo 
B y ro n N elson C la s s ic on the 
6.983 yard. par 71 Preston Trail 
Golf Club course: 

Ben Crenshaw 
Ray Floyd 
Lyn Lott 
Ed Sneed 
Bill Kratzert 
Buddy Adin 
Git Morgan 
Art Wall 
Frank Conner 
Andv Bean 
Gary Player 
Jerry McGee 
Fuzzy Zoeller 
Don January 

69-7o48-2o7 
69 7o48—2o7 
68-71 71—21o 
72 7o69-211 
74-69-68—211 
7o73-65—211 
71-72-69—212 
74-69-69—212 
73-69 7o—212 
79-68-65—212 
757o67-212 
7o71-71—212 
69 7 o 73- 212 
72-7o7o-212 

John Schlee 
Al Geiberger 
Jim Dent 
David Graham 
Keith Fergus 
Tom Kite 
Charles Coodv 
Mac McLendon 
George Burns 
Bob Eastwood 
Bill Rogers 
Chi Chi Rodriguez 
Rives McBee 
Bruce Devlin 
Fred Marti 
Arnold Palmer 
Gary McCord 
Joe Inman 
Alan Taoie 
Larry Ziegler 

737149-213 
71 71 71-213 
71 72 7o-213 
74-71 6 8 - 213 
71-7449—214 
7o 72 72—214 
72-7o72—214 
72-72-7o—214 
784947—214 
7o72-72—214 
72-73 7o-215 
774949—215 
77-7o68-215 
7o72-73-215 
74-7o72-216 
7372 71—216 
72 76-68- 216 
71 7o75-216 
7368 73-216 
74 7448—216 

Ken Still 
Jim Wiechers 
Forrest Fezler 
Dwight Nevil 
Kermit Zarlev 
Miller Barber 
Bill Melton 
Johnny Miller 
Babe Hiskev 
Victor Regalado 
Terry Diehl 
Dan Sikes 
George Archer 
Tom Watson 
Lee Trevino 
Randy Erskine 
Tom Jenkins 
Rod Curl 
Sam Farlow 
Tommy Aaron 
Barry Jaeckel 

7374-69-216 
72 72-72-216 
737449—216 
72-71-73-216 
72-7569-216 
72 74-7o-216 
7o767o-216 
72-74-7o—216 
71 74-72-217 
72-74-71—21 7 
72-72-73-217 
7868-71—217 
767o72—218 
7372-73-218 
74-72 72—218 
71 74-73-218 
77-71 7o—218 
7249-78—219 
77 7o72-219 
72-71 76-219 
74 7 3 7 2 - 219 

Mark Atwin 
Ed Dougherty 
Larry Nelson 
Ron Cerrudo 
Bruce Lietzke 
, Lanny Wadkins 
Homero Blancas 
Grier Jones 
Bob Gilder 
Steve Taylor 
Dave Eichelberger 
Andv North 
Gary Koch 
Bob Shearer 
Dave Lind 
Mike Walters 
Dave Stockton 
Craig Studier 
Florentine Molino 
Dave Neauist 
A m ie still has A r m y 

Bv KEVIN O’KEEFFE 
OF THE EXPRESS STAFF 

DALLAS — There is some graying ar­ ound the temples and a hint of a paunch, but Arnold Palmer still looks great to all of his followers. And he still has many of them. 
Who else would have hundreds of people standing around watching him practice on the putting green? 
Then, before the third round of play at the Byron 
Nelson Golf Classic Saturday, another one of Arnie’s 
Army shouted, “ Today, you are going to make a charge.’’ 
Ah, that famous Palm er charge. Many times the 
Latrobe, Pa., native would rally in the waning mo­ ments of a tournament to pull out a victory. After all. he has won HI PCA events. 
“ I believe a 278 will probably win here,” Palm er, who joined the Tour in 1955, said. “ Heck, I'll take that score. Really, though, so much depends on the weather.” 
“ It has been so windy and that plays tricks with the shots. They have also made some changes in the course and that will have a bearing, too.” 
Palm er, who won three straight Tour Opens, has made the cut here, but is not a factor. He has not been a factor in any tournament during the last year. 

In 1976, he finished with just $17,o17 (115th place), his lowest money total since 1956. 
He never really challenged in any of the 19 tour­ neys he competed in last year. He had a 66 in the first round of the Canadian Open, but slipped to 18th. 
His best finish was a 15th in the PGA Tournament, aided by a third-round 68. 
Palm er’s last Tour victory was in the 1973 Bob 
Hope Classic. His last m ajor title was the 1964 Mas­ ters. 
“ I have not decided how much longer I will play,” 
Palm er adm itted. “ Everything really depends on how' I feel. And I am feeling very well right now. 
Also, even though I am not playing a lot, I want to play tournaments I normally do not play in. 
“ I am most encouraged with my game. I am get­ ting birdies again and having good rounds, and that’s good. With that in mind, I am hoping to get going in a few more tournam ents.” 
But what about retirem ent, Arnold? 
It is very difficult to think about quitting,” Palm er said, straining just slightly for words. “ I am a competitor, but more titan that, as I have said, I am encouraged with my game. 
“ Now, there may come a time in the future when the game is not fun anymore. T hat’s when I will quit. I adm it if I play poorly in a series of tourna­ ments in a row, I would quit without hesitation.” 
Nelson lauds TY 

DALLAS — Byron Nelson, he of the golf classic by the same name, says there is one thing which has helped popularize the game. 

“ Color television,” Nelson, a grandfatherly-like man who just happens to be a com m entator for 
ABC-TV golf events, said. “ When they started show ing golf in color, people realized how pretty the courses were, how colorful the golfers’ clothes were. 
And Nelson is in a position to judge. 
He became a professional in 1932, earning $75 for a third-place finish in his first pro tourney. Three years later he won his first pro tourney — the New 
Jersey State Open. In 194o, he won the Texas Open. 
“ My memory is vague, it’s been so long ago,” said 
Nelson of his Texas Open. “ I know Ben (Hogan) and 
I had a playoff. I don’t rem em ber the score or the circumstances though. 
“ I like playing in San Antonio. The people were great. You know, San Antonio can call itself the founder of the Texas tour. San Antonio had a tour­ nament before Dallas, Fort Worth or Houston. It is one of the oldest tournaments on the PGA Tour.” 
Nelson’s Classic, played each year at the Preston 
Trail Golf Club, is a financial success annually. 
“ We changed the name (from the Dallas Open) and the Dallas Salesmanship Club really got behind it,” Nelson explained. “ All the money here goes to charity. We do not have paid personnel.” 
Sitting back for a moment, following a session on ABC, Nelson reflected on his favorite sport. 
“ I think golf has changed because it is a more 

 affluent society now,” Nelson, won ll straight golf tournaments in 1945, said. “ There are more hours to play golf. Besides, the manufacturers and product people have gotten involved, paying for advertising and supplying prize money. And they are happy with return they receive on their investment. 
“ Young people are in golf because they know they can make a great deal of money.” 
Nelson refrains from chastising today’s youth as a 
.spoiled, undisciplined group. “They (young golfers) are as dedicated as ever,” he stated. 
“And they are so good that the older fellows must watch their position. These kids keep the older guys on their gam e.” 
Nelson, owner of four all-tim e PGA records, including m ost consecutive tournam ents in the money (113) and most tourneys won in a calendar year (18 in 1945), sees more dominant figures on the 
PCA horizon. 
“ Remember, the dominant figure is not an indi­ vidual th in g ,” Nelson responded. “ When Arnold 
(Palm er) was strong, so was Gary Player and Billy 
Casper. Jack Nicklaus also had Lee Trevino playing well during the same time. 
“ And going back even further, (Ben) Hogan, 
(Sam) Snead and I were all big in the game about the same time. Now, you have (Tom) Watson and 
Crenshaw, for example. There are also other young players who are strong, too.” 
While many sports institutions crumble, Nelson sees a continual growth in golf. “ There is enough interest and enough golfers,” he said. “ I really don’t know just how big the gam e can be. 
“ No one really does.” - - KEVIN O’K EEFFE 

Th is w eek in Sports 

SPORTS CALENDAR 

SUNDAY 
Pro Baseball: San Antonio Dodgers at A m a r­ illo, 7:3o p.m. 
Polo: Selma Smokies vs. Los Rancheros for 
Governor's Cup, Brackenridge Park, 3 p m. 
CMIege Golf; N AIA D istrict IV Tournam ent, 
Greater Hills golf course, Austin, IO a m. Teams entered are Texas L uth era n , Sam H ouston, 
Angelo State and Southwest Texas State 
Bowling: SABA Cliv To u rna m e n t. W onder 
Bowl and Sports Palace, I p.m. 
M oto rspo rts. 
M o to rc y c le ra c e s . 
SFS 
Raceway, 41o and Somerset Road. I p.m. Proc flee times are 9a rn. It a rn. Admission: Adults 
$2, children under 12 free. 

MONDAY 
Pro Baseball: San Antonio Dodgers a* A m a r­ illo, 7:3o p.m. 
College Baseball: NAIA D istrict IV Playoffs, 
St. Mary's vs. Sam Houston. Hunfsviite, I p.m. 
Best-ot-thrce series 

TUESDAY 
Pro B aseball: San A n to n io D o d g e rs a t 
Am arillo, 7:3o p.m. 
College Baseball: NAIA D istrict IV Playoffs, 
St. M ary's vs. Sam Houston. I p m, Best-of three series. Second gam e, if necessary, w ill be played immediately afte r Tuesday's firs t game, 

WEDNESDAY 
Pro Baseball: San Antonio Dodgers vs. M id land, V.J. Keete Field, 7:3o p m 
College Tennis: San Antonio College men and women at San Jacinto Tournam ent, Pasadena. 
Wrestling: M unicipal Auditorium , 8 3o p m. 

THURSDAY 
Pro Baseball: San Antonio Dodgers vs. M id loud, V.J. Keefe Field, 7:3o p.m. 
College Tennis: San Antonio College men and women at San Jacinto Tournament, Pasadena. 

FRIDAY 
Pro Baseball: San Antonio Dodgers vs M id lond, V.J. Keefe Field, 7:3o p.m. 
College Track: Southwest Conference Meet, 
Mem orial Stadium, Austin, 
High School T ra c k : B o v s ' S ta te M e e t, 
Memorial Stadium, Austin. 

SATURDAY 
Pro Baseball: San Antonio Dodgers vs. M id lond, V.J. Keefe Field, 7:3o p.m. 
College Track: Southwest Conference Meet, 
Memorial Stadium, Austin. 
High School T ra c k : B o y s ’ S ta te M e e t, 
Memorial Stadium, Austin. 
Motorsports: Drag Racing, Alam o D ragw ay, 
7 p.m. 
Stock Car racing, Pan Am erican Speedway. 8 p.m. 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday May 8 1977 
H 

Open adds stars 

Continued from Page IS 

 state am ateur. Now. I just have to fin­ ish up.” 
“Oak Hills is a good plat e to play,’’ says Conner, a ninth-place finisher in the T O . last year. “ They will have more people and more players. Heck. it’s a chance to draw Palm er, too." 
Nevil of Denison. Aaron and Brewer all were swayed by Oak Hills. Brewer, in fact, originally said no to coming until he was told of its shift to Oak 
Hills. “ Really." he said. “ Yea, I may be there now.” 
“ I spoke at Oak Hills earlier this year, so I hope I had some effect on the decision,” Geiberger said. 
“ Oak Hills is a good course,” the mustachioed Nevil said, “ Woodlake is bad.” 
“ Tell them I am ready for them now,” Rodriquez, who has played good golf lately, said. “ If they are having a 
Texas Open, I will be th e re ,” Diehl reported. Ironically, Diehl’s lone PGA victory was in the ‘74 Texas Open. 
However, the Texas Open bigwigs m ust still sign these players since verbal commitments are not binding. 

V A A 

TRANSMISSIONS 
L E T !# INSPECT WVK TRANSMISSION. 

Y r a t e f t I i ANO GIVE 
' ^ u l f i l 5 L 3 FA IR and HOVEST 
“ m w \> 
ESTIM ATE 
RESEAL SPECIAL.^ ? 5 

•W O N T i f AX-KEAR 5 CAL-AD J WST fiAMOS 
•SET LINKAGE-rtP U U A c a n GASKET' 
• £ L *A N EtLHK? Re-6* . 'FCoNT4REAR n m * 
. 

 fS R E & R O A O 
72557* 

W E ALSO SERVICE... 
-TOYOTAS DATSUN 
I 
O PS US ETC-. 
TERMS AUAILAoLC-FR£€ TOWING 
7361546 

ACROSS mot* WONDERLAND 
COWmJM. O f LOOP. A IO 4 
Ff*eDtfglCKSo u A6 HO 
4627 PREDER!CK5oUR6 

Son Antonio EXPRSSS-NEWS— Sunday Moy 8 1977 
M a jo r L ea gu e pitching, hitting 

THAT SMITH BOY 
By Bob Dale 

Bv 
Th* 
Associated 
P re t i 
............... 
Complete through js m w of 
Thursday 
A M E R IC A N 
L E A G U E 
.................... 
T E A M 
B A T T IN G 
..................... 
. H M R R B I Pct 
I J J t i t i l 
H I i n jo i i i i t * 
1*2 l l 12* 111 
IM l l 
99 27J 
214 l l 111 H * 
IIT 
» 
TS 241 l i t 
21 1o1 243 
212 
2* 115 241 
HO 
I 
13 25* 
241 l l 
*5 25* ll* 
22 
I* 
251 

AB . B 
B a llo n 
7*1 115 
C hicog* 
814 122 
Kansas C ity 
M I 
128 
New 
York 
7*1 
187 
M innesota 
824 127 
T«ros 
*♦8 
M 
OakKind 
824 l l * 
C olrtgriug 
H2 lid 
Cleveland 
7 J* 
♦* 
S W H * 
* tt 
♦9 
D#tra»t 
722 
87 
Toronto 
*48 118 
Baltimore 
*47 
78 
Milwaukee 
IST 
*1 
IN D IV ID U A L 
B A T T IN G 
25 or more of bott 
AB 
. R 
M HR 
R B I P c t 
Pguuftte 
KC 
4* 
I 
I* 
o 
3 
IS I v«t*z 
Tor 
78 
13 
17 
7 
23 
384 
BS rn rth 
Bol 
55 
7 
21 
I 
4 
182 
P W * 
OO* 
*5 l l 
34 
4 l l 
379 r.lk 
Bes 
74 
17 
21 
4 
I* 
371 
WesJmgfn 
Tex 
5* 
7 l l 
2 
8 
373 
Bu rl* von 
Bos 
*o 
14 l l 
I 
IO 
154 
Cypbo** 
Min 
74 
15 
IT 
o ti 
355 
Cor e<w 
Min 
*6 
14 
34 
2 
15 
354 
Lope? 
Sea 
SI 
4 l l 
I 
I 
353 
Con ae- m u 
88 
IS 
31 
3 
I* 
352 
Grubb 
Cie 
27 
3 
13 
I 
IO 
351 
Sagteton 
Bo' 
*4 ll 
23 
2 
It 
348 
Hgrgrove 
Tex 
49 ll 
24 
I 
9 
348 
Sager h«im 
Chi 
78 
IS i i 
5 
13 
344 
MAAov 
Get 
44 
I 
I 
4 
344 
Porter 
KC 
64 
12 
22 
I 
12 
3*4 
Me Roe 
KC 
1o2 
19 
35 
o 
13 
343 
Oent 
NY 
5o 
9 
17 
I l l 
34o 
Bannister 
Chi 
*2 
14 
31 
o 
4 
317 

 f Denies 
Dei 
78 
12 
24 
o 
4 
333 
Chalk 
Co' 
4* 
4 
23 
o 
8 
313 
Morton 
Tex 
6* 
12 
23 
5 
12 
333 
G B re** 
KC 
HJO 
18 
33 
I 
12 
33o 
Song Men 
Oak 
*7 ll 
32 
I 
14 
33o 
Amit 
Tor 
*2 
17 
IO 
5 
19 
323 
Wvnegor 
Min 
5* 
8 
19 
* 
12 
322 
J6*»rns 
Cl* 
6o 
IO 
19 
I 
4 
317 
Munson n y 
92 
16 
29 
4 
15 
315 
Rivers 
N Y 
72 
6 
23 
o 
IO 
315 
B W ark 
Mm 
82 i i 
24 
3 
17 
313 
Zn* 
Cit) 
♦6 
18 
3o 
8 
23 
313 
Bernhardt seo 
8o ll 
25 
4 
14 
313 
Yftrzm ski 
Bos 
81 l l 
25 
2 
14 
3o9 
Wtttong 
Min 
3* 
5 
12 
o 
2 
1o8 
Boer 
Seo 
3* 
6 
12 
o 
I 
3o8 
Rondo)®* 
NY 
88 
14 
27 
I 
IO 
3o7 
Braun 
See 
88 
12 
27 
o 
5 
3o7 
R White 
NY 
SI ll 
25 
I 
4 
3o$ 
AWoods 
Tor 
6? 
9 
21 
2 
8 
3o4 
Stem 
Seo 
1o2 l l 
31 
2 
12 
3o4 
G g rr 
Chi 
79 l l 
24 
I 
8 
3o* 
Mggdersnn 
Tex 
66 
8 
2o 
3 
7 
3o3 pgtek 
KC 
83 
15 
25 
o 
14 
3o1 
Ewons 
Bos 
77 
15 
23 s 
It 
29* 
Kgwdoii 
Cie 
37 
3 ll 
I 
5 
297 
Bgnur 
Tor 
TS 
13 
23 
2 
5 
795 
C«**oner,s 
Tex 
85 
9 
25 
I 
3 
294 
C MOV 
NY 
41 
7 
12 
o 
2 
293 
Leman 
Chih 
87 
IS 
24 
4 
2o 
293 
Y eun* 
Mil 
93 
12 
27 
2 
9 
29o 
COwens 
KC 
97 
15 
28 
3 
17 
789 
Alien 
Oak 
8o 
IO 
23 
4 
23 
288 
ReJockson 
NY 
TI 
15 
22 
4 
13 
284 
Fo*f Iv 
Tor 
63 ll 
18 
2 
IO 
284 
Rud* 
Col 
91 
17 
24 
5 
27 
286 
Esston 
Chi 
56 
IO 
16 
2 
9 
286 
Wisdoms 
Oak 
74 
9 
21 
6 ll 
284 
O n e 
Chi 
85 
7 
24 
2 
IO 
287 
ChHes 
Min 
39 
8 l l 
o 
7 
282 
(K e o " ook 
39 
7 ll 
o 
I 
782 
M»**e 
Min 
89 
IS 
25 
6 
2o 
781 
M urray 
Bal 
75 
9 
21 
4 
8 
78o 
Stinson 
Seo 
65 
5 
18 
I 
5 .277 ttv>o*r 
Cie 
8o 
8 
22 
o 
8 
77$ 
Dnyie 
Bos 
73 ll 
2o 
o 
4 
274 
•'ce 
Bos 
88 
9 
24 
3 
14 
273 
Oghvie 
Del 
77 ll 
21 
3 ll 
273 
GScott 
Bos 
89 
17 
24 
4 
9 .27o 
BBelt 
Cle 
78 
IO 
21 
I 
IO 
269 
Beent* 
Col 
86 
17 
23 
2 
7 
267 
Gross 
Oak 
86 
12 
23 
6 
17 
767 
Gamble 
Chi 
45 
8 
12 
3 
8 
247 
Horton 
Tex 
53 
6 
14 
2 
5 
244 
Tfcgmoson 
Del 
TI 
12 
19 
5 
14 
264 
Ohs 
KC 
91 
15 
24 
4 
18 
264 
G r « h 
Col 
9? 
13 
24 
4 
9 
241 
RpKetlv 
Bal 
35 
3 
9 
3 
5 
757 
Wihs 
Tex 
7o 
8 
18 
I 
6 
757 
GWoods 
Tor 
74 ll 
19 
o 
7 
257 o r Ko ai a I 
Mil 
39 
J 
IO 
o 
J 
756 
Chambliss 
N Y 
86 ll 
22 
4 
19 
256 
Rem y 
Cal 
94 
15 
24 
o 
8 
255 
CtBevnoids 
Seo 
91 
8 
23 
2 
4 
253 
Bands 
Col 
95 
16 
24 
4 
12 
253 
*4*Oon 
Cle 
44 
4 ll 
o 
5 .25o 
Spencer 
Chi 
Meyer 
Sea 
96 ll 
24 
2 
8 .25o 
97 
IO 
24 
4 l l 
247 
Boyior 
Col 
93 
2o 
23 
6 
14 
247 
Hee son 
Bos 
81 
7 
2o 
2 
18 
247 

LM av 
Bal 
73 
8 
18 
2 ll 
747 
Carty cie 
69 
4 
17 
o 
8 
246 
Harlow 
Bal 
41 
2 
IO 
o 
o 
244 
Blanks 
Cle 
37 
5 
9 
o 
5 
243 
Passe 
Cle 
37 
5 
9 
I 
4 
243 
LeFlore 
Oet 
83 
8 
2o 
I 
IO 
241 
Lezcano 
Mil 
83 
8 
2o 
3 ll 
741 
ARdrtauez 
Del 
54 
5 
13 
2 
4 
241 
•Cusick 
Min 
46 
6 ll 
2 
5 
739 
SJim bry 
Bal l l 
9 
17 
I 
4 
736 
Joshua 
Mil 
85 
12 
2o 
I 
9 
235 
Manning 
Cle 
9o 
IS 
21 
o 
I 
233 
SJoub 
Del 
86 
13 
2o 
3 
9 
233 
Bando 
Mil 
8? 
5 
19 
o 
IO 
232 
M ayberry 
KC 
95 
16 
22 
3 
I* 
232 
Moore 
Mil 
65 
8 
15 
o 
4 
231 
Terrell 
Min 
35 
3 
8 
I 
3 
229 
Fmr ti 
Mm 
84 
12 
19 
I 
IO 
276 
Mortis 
Oak 
84 
16 
19 
I 
4 
226 
• a Jones 
Sea 
1o3 ll 
23 
3 
13 
223 
Atmo* 
Tor 
J I 
4 
16 
I 
5 
227 
Kame 
De* 
68 
7 
15 
3 
12 
221 
Humphrey 
Col so 
4 ll 
o 
4 
72o 
Money 
Mil 
79 
9 
17 
I 
8 
215 

Wynn 
NY 
47 
5 
IO 
I 
I 213 
F While 
KC 
8o 
9 
17 
I 
7 213 
R M iller 
Bos 
52 
« ll 
o 
6 
212 
M cKinney 
Oak 
43 
3 
9 
3 
6 2o9 
PG arcia 
Tor 
78 
5 
14 
o 
4 2o5 
Very zer 
Del 
49 
* 
IO 
o 
4 7o4 
Sundberg 
Tex 
SM 
4 l l 
o 
6 7o4 
Bemauez 
Tex 
59 
9 
12 
I 
8 
2o3 
DeCmce* 
Bol 
7o 
9 
14 
4 
12 2oo 
M cK ay 
Tar 
93 
4 l l 
o 
IO 
194 
6rm «s 
Ook 
4? 
I 
8 
o 
o 
19o 
Miibourne 
Seo 
9o 
8 
17 
o 
4 
189 
W o ffo rd 
Mil 
59 
8 l l 
o 
3 
186 
Quirk 
Mil 
43 
2 
I 
I 
2 
186 
Smodev 
Min 
72 ll 
13 
I 
3 .IB I 
Oemosey 
Bol 
57 
I 
IO 
I 
* 
175 
Soioito 
Col 
44 
6 
8 
3 
IO 
174 
Picciolo 
Ook 
7* 
J 
13 
I 
3 171 
Pori doit 
Min 
47 
5 
8 
o 
5 
17o 
SIO mon 
Seo 
*7 
4 
8 
3 
8 .17o 
Moson 
Tor 
68 
9 ll 
o 
2 
162 
Thornton 
Cle 
56 
4 
9 
2 
4 l i t 
Belonger 
Bol 
57 
5 
9 
o 
I 
158 
Collins 
Seo 
38 
4 
6 
o 
7 
158 
Nettles 
NY 
79 
9 
12 
2 
9 .152 
Duffy 
Cle 
38 
4 
4 
o 
2 
1o$ 

P IT C H IN G 
... 
2 or m ore decisions 
IP 
H B B 
SO w 

 r rn 
JO t> 

Lyle 
NY 
18 
1$ 
5 to 
I 
I 
IOO 
Guro 
KC 
18 
IO 
4 
8 
2 
o 
IOO 
Pointer 
Bot 
54 
28 
14 
36 
4 
I 
I 13 
Toiohnson 
Min 
21 
17 
5 
I* 
3 
2 
I 29 
Biyieven 
Tex 
53 
4o 
IS 
45 
3 
2 
1.52 
Longford 
Oak 
27 
2o 
14 
19 
3 
o 
I *3 
■fidrow 
NY 
27 
26 
6 
15 
7 
I 
I 45 
Figueroa 
NY 
39 
34 
I! 
14 
2 
2 
I 83 
Guidry 
N Y 
18 
2o 
5 
17 
2 
o 
I 93 
Burgm eier 
Min 
72 
27 
3 
6 
3 
I 
2 o5 
Trovers 
Mil 
37 
32 
19 
9 
3 
2 2 IS 
K era 
Cie 
17 
14 
8 
IO 
o 
2 
2 19 
Litten 
KC 
15 ll 
4 
19 
I 
I 
2 3o 
OAlexnder 
Tex 
27 
21 
IO 
7 
3 
I 
2 l l 
Arroyo 
Oet 
26 
21 
7 
7 
I 
2 2 19 
Thrdsgrd 
Min 
22 
27 
9 
8 
I 
I 
2 45 
Colborn 
KC 
44 
4o 
IS 
18 
4 
7 2 67 
Ryan 
Cal 
5o 
35 
39 
48 
3 
3 2 68 
HOOS 
Mil 
36 
37 
9 
17 
I 
I 
7 75 
R M ay 
Bal 
35 
35 
IS 
12 
2 
3 2 78 
Sehueter 
Min 
16 
12 
6 
$ 
I 
I 
7 81 
Hunter 
NY 
16 ll 
3 
9 
I 
I 
2 81 
G arvin 
Tor 
44 
42 
1$ 
28 
4 
o 2 89 
Jenkins 
Bos 
46 
38 
4 
21 
3 t 
7 93 
Grim sley 
Bol 
3o 
31 
7 ll 
2 
I 
293 
Slaton 
Mil 
74 
28 
IS 
9 
I 
2 3 oo 
Zohn 
Min 
36 
39 
8 
22 
4 
o 
3 19 
Tonana 
Col 
47 
45 
IS 
45 
4 
o 
3 23 
Stone 
Chi 
19 
24 ll ll 
o 
2 3 26 
Leonard 
KC 
3o 
27 
14 
2o 
2 
I 
3 2* 

S H JTH 

BALTIMORE 2 ^ BASEMAN!, 16 A '71 
GRADUATE 
OF JOHN JAY H .6. BAY­ 
ED OUT HIS OPTION WITH CALIF. 
Attetl-5 FARM CLUB... SIGNED 
WITH ORIOLES IM 
RE-ENTRY CRAFT 
LAST MCY. 7 

N A T IO N A L 
L E A G U E 
T EA M 
B A T T IN G 

Los Angeles 
Pittsburgh 
St Louis 
Cincinnati 
Ph'iaOeiphio 
Atlanta 
Chicago 
Montreal 
Son Diego 
SonPrancisco 
Houston 
New York 
IN D IV ID U A L 

AB 
R 
H MR 
864 151 
254 
32 
1*o 112 
2o5 
21 
14o 111 
2o2 l l 
241 1o4 
I* ; l l 
7o9 
93 
184 
15 
821 
94 
213 
2o 
641 
81 
17o 
14 
689 
74 
175 l l 
962 127 
244 
2o 
785 
78 
194 
IS 
313 
9o 
198 
16 
724 
82 
166 
17 
B A T T IN G 

P B I P c t 
146 
296 
1o4 
277 
74 .273 
97 
266 
88 
263 
88 
26o 
79 258 
69 
254 
124 .254 
75 247 
86 
244 
74 
229 

35 or more of bots 
A B 
R 
H HR 
H B I P c t 
Porker 
Pgh 
89 
21 
37 
5 
24 
416 
Simmons 
SIL 
77 
16 
31 
5 
24 
4o3 
Scott 
SIL 
38 
6 
15 
I 
9 
.395 
Matthews 
Att 
*8 
13 
26 
2 
8 
382 
Yeoger 
LA 
*9 
13 
25 
2 
14 
362 
Trillo 
Chi 
67 ll 
24 
7 
14 
358 
Cev 
LA 
9o 
19 
37 
IO 
33 
356 
Smith 
LA 
74 
2o 
26 
3 
17 
351 
Rose 
Cin 
8o 
18 
28 
I 
IO 
35o 
BRobmson 
Pgh 
43 
9 
15 
I 
13 
349 
JGonzolez 
Htn 
81 
7 
27 
o 
6 
333 
CJohnson 
Htn 
4$ 
J 
IS 
5 
IO 
333 
Evan s 
SF 
73 ll 
74 
3 ll 
329 
Carter 
Mil 
*4 ll 
21 
7 ll 
.328 
Burroughs 
All 
9o 
17 
29 
7 
25 
322 
Grittev 
Cin 
87 
7o 
28 
7 
IO .322 
GFoster 
Cin 
81 
IO 
26 
3 
2o 
321 
Brack 
SIL 
72 
12 
23 
I 
6 .319 
Hendrick 
SO 
94 
13 
3o 
3 
14 
319 
Winfield 
SD 
113 
71 
36 
4 
24 .319 
Johnston* 
Phi 
63 
7 
2o 
o 
8 .317 
Boiseloir 
NY 
41 
4 
13 
I l l 
317 
Cobell 
Htn 
79 ll 
25 
I 
9 .316 
Russell 
LA 
114 
17 
36 
o 
12 
316 
Rettenmd 
SD 
35 
8 l l 
I 
3 .314 
D eJesus 
Chi 
74 ll 
23 
I 
6 .311 
M urcer chi 
74 
12 
23 
4 
1$ .311 
Sizemore 
Phi 
58 
9 
18 
I 
« .31o 
HCruz 
SIL 
65 
12 
2o 
I 
12 .3o8 
Oliver 
Pgh 
77 
IO 
22 
I l l 
.3o6 
E Vlentine 
Mtl 
66 
9 
2o 
5 
13 
3o3 
Cromrtie 
Mtl 
76 
7 
23 
o 
4 
3o3 
KHrnondz 
S IL 
73 
13 
22 
4 ie 
.3o1 
Ferguson 
Htn 
73 
IO 
22 
6 
13 
3o1 
Tmolefon 
SIL 
83 
19 
75 
I 
IO 
3o1 
P e re ! 
Mtl 
TI ll 
73 
4 
14 
299 
Kronepool 
NY 
ST 
7 
17 
2 
6 
298 
JeM orgles 
Chi 
64 
5 
19 
2 
15 
297 
Biittner 
Chi 
54 
6 
16 
o 
6 
296 
Luzinski 
Phi 
81 
15 
24 
5 
17 
296 
Stennett 
Pgh 
81 
9 
24 
I 
IO .296 
M cCovev 
SF 
81 
IO 
24 
5 
2o 
296 
Lopes 
LA 
1o2 
21 
3o 
I 
4 
294 
Modiock 
SF 
96 
1$ 
28 
2 
12 
292 
Cosh 
Mil 
86 
12 
2$ 
o 
7 
291 
Kingman 
N Y 
78 
IO 
22 
* 
18 
282 
O yer 
Pgh 
36 
3 
IO 
2 
5 .278 
Monday 
LA 
9o 
13 
2$ 
3 
13 
278 
Baker 
LA 
87 
14 
74 
5 
14 .276 
Boone 
Phi 
55 
5 
IS 
o l l 
273 
G arner 
Pgh 
78 
12 
21 
2 
6 
269 
Office 
Att 
1o4 
9 
28 
I 
7 .269 
Stearns 
NY 
64 
6 
17 
2 
4 
266 
Cncepcion 
Cin 
83 
6 
27 
o 
4 .265 
Oft 
Pgh 
38 
8 
IO 
I 
5 
263 
Morgan 
Cin 
7o 
IS 
18 
3 
IS 
.257 

G arvey 
LA 
Hill 
SF 
Mtterwoid 
Chi 
'vie 
SD 
Watson 
Min 
OoRader 
SD 
M artini 
NY 
Bench 
Cin 
Bown 
Phi 
Almon 
SD 
Maddox 
Phi 
JC ru t 
Htn 
Oriessen 
Cin 
Crawford 
Hfn 
Clark 
SF 
Herndon 
SF 
Reit z 
SIL 
Montane! 
Att 
Schmidt 
Phi 
Rockett 
Att 
Champion 
SD 
Gilbreath 
All 
Pocoroba 
Att 
Moreno 
Pgh 
Speier 
Mtl 
Thmasson 
SF 
Tenoce 
SD 
Toveras 
Pgh 
Foil 
SF 
Turner 
SD 
RAndrews 
SF 
Oawson 
Mtl 
Milton 
NY 
Parrish 
Mtl 
Royster 
At! 
GRichards 
SD 
M cBride 
SIL 
Ontiveros 
Chi 
Staider 
NY 
Geronimo 
Cin 
Milner 
NY 
B M etig er 
Htn 
Thomas 
SF 
Sparring 
Htn 
Cardenol 
Chi 
Tvson 
StL 
Cedeno 
Htn 
H a rris o n 
NY 
Grote 
NY 

1o5 
21 
27 
6 
22 .257 
Koosmon 
N Y 
37 
78 
14 
28 
5$ 
4 
14 
I 
2 .25$ 
Rasmssen 
S IL 
36 
27 
IO 
15 
59 
7 
IS 
7 
5 254 
Lerch 
Phi 
36 
33 
12 
21 
79 
IO 
2o 
I 
9 
253 
Espinosa 
N Y 
27 
23 
5 ll 
91 
16 
23 
3 
13 253 
KForsch 
Htn 
2o 
19 
7 l l 
8o 
8 
2o 
4 
15 25o 
RReuschel 
Chi 
33 
27 
12 
19 
81 
16 
2o 
o 
3 247 
Ruthven 
All 
42 
4o 
17 
26 
73 
9 
18 
3 
IO .247 
Rou 
LA 
33 
36 
6 
14 
61 
8 
IS 
2 
4 246 
Como 
All 
13 
12 
6 
7 
IO? 
12 
25 
o 
« .245 
Griffin 
SD 
24 
22 ll ll 
94 
12 
23 
2 l l .245 
Bem ol 
SO 
15 
13 
6 
5 
99 
13 
24 
o 
7 247 
Norman 
Cin 
28 
22 
IS 
29 
7$ ll 
18 
3 
I* .24o 
Twitched 
Phi 
3o 
29 
14 
25 
46 
7 l l 
I 
8 239 
Hannahs 
Mil 
32 
34 
12 
IS 
63 
5 
15 
o 
4 
238 
J Braw n 
Mtl 
17 
14 
8 ll 
42 
3 
IO 
I 
3 
738 
DPmer v 
Pgh 
19 
19 
4 
6 
8o 
* 
19 
I 
IO .238 
Anduiar 
Htn 
3$ 
35 
13 
16 
8o ll 
19 
4 
8 238 
Matlock 
N Y 
36 
4o 
4 
33 
76 
15 
IS 
4 
9 .237 
Stonhouse 
Mtl 
34 
28 
2o 
18 
77 
5 
18 
o 
6 
234 
Rooker 
Pgh 
24 
23 
3 
IO 
9o 
7 
21 
o 
5 233 
Houck! 
SF 
33 
36 
13 
73 
73 
5 
17 
o 
7 
233 
Garber 
Phi 
IS 
12 
3 
IO 
56 
3 
13 
I 
IO 
232 
M cEnoney 
Mtl 
15 
16 
3 
J 
69 
13 
I* 
I 
5 
232 
Richard 
Htn 
34 
37 
14 
76 
39 
4 
9 
o 
I 
231 
Msrsmth 
Afl 
32 
28 
6 
14 
61 
5 
14 
2 
3 
23o 
Rhoden 
LA 
38 
37 
7 
21 
1o1 
14 
23 
3 
7o 228 
Fingers 
SD 
71 
27 
4 
16 
81 
IO 
18 
o 
7 222 
Carlton 
Phi 
.39 
41 l l 
27 
86 
5 
19 
o 
3 221 
John 
LA 
3o 
39 
5 
21 
7o 
IO 
IS 
2 
8 214 
Chrstnson 
Phi 
78 
34 
9 
18 
61 
8 
13 
o 
3 213 
Bingham 
Cin 
.36 
46 
8 
72 
66 
5 
14 
o 
4 212 
Reuss 
Pgh 
31 
4o ll 
14 
71 
12 
15 
o 
3 .211 
Lemongllo 
Htn 
29 
37 
7 
9 
76 
6 
I* 
o 
3 
711 
B a rr 
SF 
47 
57 
IO 
22 
96 
13 
2o 
2 
4 
2o8 
R Jones 
SD 
42 
53 s 
12 
72 
12 
15 
I 
4 
2o8 
Konieczny 
Htn 
21 
76 
8 
7 
54 
8 ll 
2 
7 .2o4 
PNiekro 
Att 
46 
55 
27 
36 
64 
4 
13 
I 
2 2o3 
Swan 
N Y 
13 
19 
5 
8 
64 
7 
13 
2 
J 
2o3 
McGlothn 
SF 
23 
79 
IO 
14 
79 
8 
I* 
2 
8 .2o3 
Frvm on 
Cin 
31 
4o 
18 
1/ 
4o 
4 
8 
2 
6 2oo 
Frsleben 
SD 
26 
79 
8 
IO 
4$ 
5 
9 
o 
I 
2oo 
Folcone 
StL 
23 
77 
12 
IS 
63 
$ 
17 
o 
2 .19o w all 
LA 
5 
6 
2 
2 
5o 
3 
9 
o 
3 .18o 
Sawyer 
SD 
27 
39 
IO 
IO 
53 
IO 
9 
I 
2 
17o 
Bannister 
Htn 
IS 
73 
8 
I* 
52 
5 
8 
o 
o .154 
Alcala 
Cin 
8 
16 
5 
5 
63 
6 
9 
o 
5 
143 
LoCorte 
Att 
18 
36 
13 
17 
51 
3 
7 
o 
I 
137 
Krakow 
Chi ll 
2o ll 
« 
4o 
I 
3 
o 
2 .o75 t.* a • 

Attendance in NBA up but 

By ALEX SACHARE 

A S S O C IA T E D RESS 

Fin al reg u lar season atten d an ce fig u res, as released bv the league, for each of the 22 Notional 
Basketball Association teams, with a com parison to the clubs' figures for last season. 

P IT C H IN G 
2 or more decisions 
Slingshot 

IP 
H B B 
SO W 
L E R A 
Atkinson 
Mtl 
8 
3 
3 
6 
2 
o 
o OO 
Urrea 
StL 
13 
7 
2 
7 
I 
I 
o 66 
Rogers 
Mtl 
53 
42 
14 
37 
3 
I 
1.34 
Condiria 
Pgh 
IO 
14 
3 
IO 
2 
o 
I 35 
DSutton 
LA 
38 
29 
14 
19 
3 
o 
I 42 
Gossage 
Pgh 
18 
9 ll 
1$ 
3 
o 
I 45 
Mott! It 
SF ll 
7 
6 
5 
I 
I 
I 59 
Hough 
LA 
29 
17 
8 
23 
3 
o 
I 86 
Mntfusco 
SF 
43 
39 
12 
36 
2 
3 
I 88 
Eastwick 
Cin 
18 
13 
2 
8 
I 
7 
I 96 
Tekulve 
Pgh 
13 
5 
3 
4 
2 
o 
1.98 
Sombito 
Htn 
19 ll 
* 
IO 
2 
I 
2 37 
Shirley 
SO 
39 
32 
8 
31 
I 
4 
2 52 
RForsch 
StL 
42 
38 
14 
19 
5 
I 
2 S3 
Zochry 
Cin 
38 
33 
8 
16 
2 
3 
2.56 
Seover 
NY 
48 
3* 
IO 
37 
4 
I 
2 61 
Burris 
Chi 
37 
34 
9 
2o 
3 
3 
763 
Bonham 
Chi 
37 
29 
13 
19 
2 
2 
2 68 
Denny 
Ste 
4o 
41 
I* 
16 
5 
o 
2.68 
Hooton 
LA 
35 
32 ll 
75 
3 
I 
2 78 
Kison 
Pgh 
45 
31 
IO 
25 
3 
I 
2.78 

W O R LD SLIN G S H O T C H A M P 
At Carrizo Springs 
Jam es Condrv. Carrizo, 373 (out of 4oo); A rvel 
Condrv. . Crystal City, 341; Reece Jen nings, Fort 
Worth, 337. Jun ior champ, Jo e y John, Carrizo, 245. 

F r i d a y s f a t e 
M IA b o xes 

PO R T L A N D (121): Gross 5 2 2 12, Lu cas ll 6 6 28, 
Walton IO 2-3 22. Davis 6 8 11 2o, Hollins 9 7 8 25. 
Steele 2 O O 4, Jones o 1-2 I. Gilliam 3 12 7. Neat I O O 
2 Totals 47 27-34 121 
LOS A N G E L E S (1o9): Ford 5 O O IO. Russell 4 7 7 
IS, AbdulJabbar ll 8 9 3o, Cheney 3 o 2 6. Tatum 16 
O O 32, Lam or o o-o o, Abernethy I 2-2 4, W arn er 3 O O 
6, Neumann 2 o-o 4, Kupec I OO 2. Totals 46 I 7 29 1o9. 
Portland 
33 28 27 33— 121 
Los Angeles 
22 21 J I 15— 1o9 
Fouled out—Tatum Total fouls—Portland 2o, Los 
Angeles 26. Technical— Lucas. A — 16,975. 

W h a t's y o u r fa v o rite m eal? 

□ Steak? 
□ Seafood? 
□ Mexican fo o d ? 
□ Ail of the above. 

Introducing the 
Spanish Galleon s 
Sunday/Monday Special. 
You get all of the above for only 
$5.95. 

You get a delicious 6 oz. USDA Choice Rib-eye 
Steak broiled to order, a generous helping of 
Rock Shrimp broiled in burrer, and o cheese and onion enchilada wirh special Spanish sauce Plus you get o fresh garden salad with your choice of dressings All for $5 95, on Sunday ond Monday 
* only. 

P la y e r P e risc o p e 
P r o c a g e c h a r t 

Here Is o look at how plovers from San minor leagues. 
B A T T IN G 
AB 
29 
IS 
34 
22 
IO 
IO 
4o 
31 
5 
5 
3o 
18 
P IT C H IN G 
Plover Club 
G W 
M IC K E Y M A H L E R Season 
2 
I 
RIC H M O N D (A A A ) Week 
I I 
R IC H A R D M A H L E R Seoson 
I I 
SA VAN N AH (A A ) Week 
I I 

Plover Club 
RIC H G U E R R A Season 
T O LED O (A A A ) Week 
RON JA C O B S Season 
H O LY O K E (A A ) Week 
JIM K ID D E R Season 
S H R E V E P O R T (A A ) Week 
K E N P A P E Season 
TUCSON (A A A ) Week 
G A R R Y P Y K A Season 
H O L Y O K E (A A ) Week 
B L A IR S T O U F F E R Season 
T U LSA (A A ) Week 

Antonio are doing in the 

R 
H 2B 3B H R R B I Pct. 
276 
267 
265 
.136 
.4oo 
4oo 
275 
.29o 
.2oo 
.2oo 
OOO 
OOO 

L 
IP H B B SO E R A 
o ll 13 
4 
5 
476 
o 
9 
6 
3 
4 
- 
o 
3 
2 
2 
2 
OOO 
o 
3 
2 
2 
2 
OOO 

National Basketball Association 
Sem ifinals 
All Tim es CDT 
Best-of-Seven 
F rid a y ’s Gam es 
Portland 121. Los Angeles 1o9, Portland leads series I o. 
Sunday's G am e 
Houston at Philadelphia, 12:3o p.m.. Philadelphia leads series I O 
Portland at Los Angeles. 2.45 p m 
Tuesday. M ay IO 
Los Angeles at Portland, IO p m 
W ednesday' M ay ll 
Philadelphia at Houston, 8 o.m 
Frid ay, M ay 13 
Philadelphia at Houston 
Los Angeles at Portland 
Sunday, M ay 15 
Houston at Philadelphia, if necessary 
Portland at Los Angeles, it necessary 

NEW YORK — The National Basketball Association enjoyed a record total attendance of 9,898,521 during the regular season. 
But the figure is not surprising since the league had four more teams than ever before. 

So what does that attendance figure 
—— ........ mean? 
Different things to different people. 
“ This record attendance demon­ strates the continued growth and ac­ ceptance of the NBA by fans through­ out the 22 league franchise cities,” declared Commissioner Larry O’Brien who went on to describe this as “ the most successful year, both on and off the court, in the ieague’s history.” 
Another view 
Well, maybe. But at least one high­ ranking club executive, who preferred to remain anonymous, took another view. 
“ Attendance figures are for the most part meaningless,” he said. “ You can sell tickets for a buck and fill the building, but what does it mean? You can’t compare the SIO and $12 tickets some teams sell to the discount tickets sold by others.” 
But since clubs shy away from dis­ cussing financial matters, one must be satisfied with the attendance figures which are there for public consump­ tion in he daily box scores. And those figures are not entirely devoid of meaning. 
Increase 

Team 
1976-77 
1975-76 
I. 
Denver 
7o3,133 
545.253 
2. 
N Y . 
K nicks 
644.811 
672,745 
3. 
Philadelphia 
632,949 
5o9,699 
4. 
Cleveland 
S7o.445 
519,o1o 
S. 
Seattle 
532,196 
557,3o4 
6. 
Boston 
517.391 
539.589 
7 
Los 
Angeles 
5)2.914 
524.975 
8 
Portland 
499,3o2 
413,992 
9. 
Golden 
State 
479,328 
49o.846 
IO. 
Chicago 
476,638 
258,4o6 ll. 
Washington 
467,745 
44o,837 
12. 
New 
Orleans 
444,138 
513,282 
13. 
Indiana 
432.726 
325,o5o 
14 
Phoenix 
411,294 
295.293 
IS. 
M ilwaukee 
396,94 7 
426.784 
I* 
Son 
Antonio 
376,136 
336.o83 
17 
Houston 
347.92o 
261,418 
18 
Kansas 
City 
33o.486 
272.675 
19. 
Buffalo 
319.398 
411.696 
2o. 
Detroit 
3o3.792 
251,343 
21. 
N Y . 
Nets 
284,329 
321,o7o 
22. 
Atlanta 
214,775 
227,815 
Totols 
9,898,5213 
9.122.119Note: 
1975-76 figures are from the Am erican Basketball 
Association for the four teams which ioined the 
N BA this season — Son Antonio. Denver, Indiana, and New York Nets. 

The total attendance figure repre­ sents an increase of more than 2.3 million over the previous season, which had been the NBA's record. 

Eliminate the four teams which came in from the American Basketball 
Association and what do you get? A total increase of 5o7,488 for the 18 hol­ dover NBA clubs, or an average of just 
28,639 per club. 

Of the 18 holdovers, nine showed in­ creases in attendance—but nine showed decreases. Three of the four newcomers from the ABA were up, the exception being the lowly New York 
Nets. 

Texas League leaders 

Note: Statistics include gam es through M a y I except A m arillo at San Antonio (A p ril 27-28-29); 
M idland at A m arillo (A p ril 3o M a y I ) and San 
Antonio at E l Paso (M ay I). 

T E A M B A T T IN G 
AB 
R 
H 
HR 
R B I 
Pct. 
El Paso 
434 
99 
138 
14 
81 
.318 
San Antonio 
3o8 
43 
85 
7 
37 
.276 
Midland 
442 
75 
118 
7 
64 
.267 
Shreveport 
626 
IOO 
16o 
12 
87 
256 
Arkansas 
574 
65 
146 
4 
53 
254 
Tulsa 
524 
79 
123 
5 
69 
.235 
Amorino 
329 
4o 
77 
6 
38 
.234 
Jackson 
548 
66 
115 
3 
53 
21o 

Home Run L e a d e rs : P e te rs . E l P a s o 4, Lan- dreaux, E l Paso, 3; Fischetti, San Antonio, 3; Pagel, 
Midland, 3, Saferight, E l Paso, 3, Lansford, E l Paso 
3 
R B I Leaders: Sample, Tulsa, 19; Pagel, M idland, 
17, Saferight, Shreveport, 13; Peters, E l Paso, 13; 
Rodriguez, Shreveport, 12. 

TO P IO P IT C H E R S 
Based on 2o innings pitched 

TO P IO H IT T E R S 
Based on 3o at bats 
AB 
R 
H 
MR 
R B I 
Pct. 
Kubski. E IP 
51 ll 
22 
o ll 
.431 
Fischetti, SA 
34 
8 
14 
3 
8 
.412 
Gustovson, Mid 
44 
12 
18 
I ll 
4o9 
Peters, E IP 
47 
12 
19 
4 
13 
4o4 
Cardoza, SA 
33 
3 
13 
2 
9 
.394 
Yegiinskl, Ark 
33 
5 
13 
o 
7 
.394 
Stater, E IP 
SS 
19 
21 
o 
6 
.382 
Pogei, Mid 
45 ll 
16 
3 
17 
.356 
Sample, Tul 
59 
IO 
21 
2 
19 
.356 
Stlmac. Am 
34 
2 
12 
o 
2 
.353 

Other Son Antonio Dodger A verages 
Villoran 
I 
o 
I 
o 
o 1.ooo 
Odor 
5 
I 
2 
o 
o 
.4oo 
Washington 
23 
5 
8 
o 
3 
.348 
Hance 
27 
2 
8 
o 
3 
.296 
Rushde 
35 
6 
9 
I 
3 
.257 
Webb 
4o 
3 
IO 
I 
5 
.25o 
Garrison 
34 
7 
8 
o 
I 
.235 
Leonard 
35 
5 
8 
o 
3 
.229 
M eyers 
26 
2 
4 
o 
I 
154 
F a rr 
6 
I 
o 
o 
I 
.OOO 

IP 
H 
B B 
SO 
W L 
E R A 
23 
18 
2 
13 
3-o 
o.78 
24 I 
19 
12 
2o 
2 I 
I 85 
26*3 
14 
IO 
29 
2 o 
2 o3 
23 
16 
12 
2o 
2-1 
2 35 
24 J J 
17 
IO 
7 
1-2 
2 55 
28 
19 
6 
12 l l 
2 57 
21 
2o 
13 
25 
2o 
2 57 
237/s 
25 
12 
19 
OO 
2.66 
29 
27 ll 
17 
1-3 
3.41 
2 H i 
25 
17 
23 
12 
3.74 

 o Dodger Pitchers 
8-’ J 
5 
2 
2 
1-o 
OOO 
573 
I 
6 
3 
OO 
o OO 
9'3 
IO 
4 
3 
1-1 
3.86 
97j 
IO 
3 
6 
OO 
4.66 
14 
19 
8 
IO 
1-o 
6 43 
87/3 
5 ll 
9 
O I 
7,27 
7 3 
IS 
2 
I 
o-2 
9.82 
7 J 
12 
7 
7 
O I 
12.27 
6 
13 
6 
5 
O I 
19.5o 
2' 3 
8 
4 
2 
o-1 
27,oo 

Rocanelli. E IP 
M irabelia, Tut 
Robbinson, Stir 
Pacella, Jo e 
Comer. Tut 
Houser, Ark 
Darwin, Tul 
Scurry, Shr 
Scott, Jo e 
Berenguer, Jo e 

Biggerstaff 
Smith 
Kunkler 
Patterson 
Shirley 
Power 
Bobinger 
Keefe 
Slocum 
Martin 

Most W ins: R aconelli, E l Paso. 3-o; Jo h n ston , 
Shreveport, 3-o; D orsev, E l Paso, 3 o. H olland, 
Shreveport, 3-1. 
M ost Strikeou ts. Robb inson, S h re v e p o rt, 29; 
Darwin, Tulsa, 25, 
Beren g u er, Ja ck so n , 23; M i­ rabelia, Tulsa, 2o, Pacella, Jackson , 2o. 

_ 
, 
T b e 
# 
Spanish 
Galleon 

SEAFOOD RESTAURANT 

6 8 3 7 S o n P e d r o 
3 4 9 - 1 4 9 3 

 i 11211 SW C b a se b a ll sta tistics 

R U N S 
Bitt L e F e v re , TOU, 5, M ike U 
. Baylor, 5; Leonard Woods. B aylo r, 5; 
S 
Here are the final regular season Southwest 
Conference baseball leaders: 
BA T T IN G A V E R A G E : 
Steve M acko, Baylo r, 
4o-99, 
4o4, Paul Johnston, Techh. 31-77, 
4o3; 
Gordon Ricossa, SM U , 27-72, .375, G o ry Sim s, 
Tech, 23-63, 365 
R U N S S C O R E D : 
M acko, B a y lo r, 27; Je r r y 
Jones, Texas, 24, Bryon Cowan, Tech, 24; Ken 
Kolkhorst, Baylor, 22, Fritz, Connolly, Baylo r, 22. 

H ITS: Macko, Bavlor, 4o; Robert Bonner, A S M , 
33, Johnston, Tech, 31, Jones. Texas. 3o; G a ry 
Ashby Tech. 3o. 
D O U B L E S : 
K olk h orst, B a v lo r , 8, 
M ac k o , 
Bavlor, 7; G ary Weiss, Houston, 7; Seven tied with six 
T R IP L E S : 
Mocko, Baylor, 5; Bonner, A S M , 4; 
Ernie Helwig, Tech. 4, Dwight H aas, Houston, 2, 
Arvis Harper, Arkansas, 2, M ark David, Houston, 
2. 

HME/ 

RATTLER SOCCER CAMP 

Dave Stolarski, Varsity soccer coach of St. M ary’s 

University, and Michael Durr, form er S.A. Thunder 

 player, will personally direct 4 one week soccer 

 camps, open to boys and girls ages 8-18, on the 

 campus of St. Mary's University. The Rattler Soccer 

Camp emphasizes the American style which is a 

 synthesis of European and latin styles. The camp 

 will help the beginner as well as the more ex­ 

 perienced player to develop skills and improve 

 overall ability. 

DATES 
I 
JUNE 13 THRU 17 
I I 
JUNE 27 THRU JULY I 
I I I 
JULY 11 THRU I 5 
IV 
JULY 25 THRU 29 

FOR MORE INFORMATION 
WRITE OR CALL 

H O M E 
Czimskev, 
Kyle Hawthrorne, AAM 
4; Je ff H ays) Rice, 4, 
Kolkhorst, Baylor, 4 
R U N S B A T T E D IN : 
Ashby, Tech, 27: Kolk horst, Baylor, 25. Hawthorne, A A M , 24, Wendell 
Hibbitt, Texas. 24. 

E A R N E D R U N A V E R A G E : 
(M inim um 4o in- nings) M ark Thurmond, A AM , o 64; Kern W right, 
Texas, 1.77; Don Kainer, Texas, 2.25; Billy Blum , 
Houston, 2.31. 

WON-LOST P E R C E N T A G E : 
Thurmond. A A M . 
6-o; M ark Ross, A A M , 6-1; Sa m m y B ick h o m , 
Bavlor, 5-1; Kainer, Texas, 6-2. 

S T R IK E O U T L E A D E R S : 
Strikeouts per nine innings) Alan Ram irez, R ice. 9 82; Thurm ond, 
AAM , 8.57; Tony Brizzolara. Texas. 8.41; Biek- hdm, Baylor, 7.4o. 

SIGN up SOCCER INTERNATIONAL mn a v 
1 o o 2 A N .E . Loop 4 1 o 
5 1 2 /8 2 4 7 8 4 o lUUAY 
San A n to n io , Texas 7 8 2 o 9 

 enrollment ASK ABOUT GROUP RATES 
LIMITED 
SAYSO AND BOOSTER DISCOUNTS 

A M E R I C A N L E A G U E 
E a st 

W e st 

 w L 
Pct. 
G B 
IS 
IO 
.6oo 
_ 
13 
9 
.591 
14 l l 
.56o 
I 
13 l l 
.542 
I J 
12 
16 
.429 
4’ J 
IO 
14 
.417 
4 2 
8 
IS 
.348 
6 

17 
IO 
.63o _ 

IS 
IO 
.6oo 
I 
12 
IO 
.545 
2 z 
IS 
11 
.577 
I 1 ? 
14 
13 
.519 
3 
IO 
16 
.385 
6 .' 
9 21 
3oo 
9 

N e w Y o rk 
B a ltim o re 
M ilw a u k e e 
B oston 
Toronto 
De troit 
C le v e lan d 

M in n e so ta 
C h ic a g o 
T e x a s 
K a n s a s City 
O a k la n d 
C a lifo rn ia 
Seattle 
F r id a y s G a m e s 
C h ic a g o 7. C le v e lan d 5 
M in n e so ta 7, Toronto 2 
B a ltim o re 4, Seattle I 
C a lifo rn ia 8, B oston 4 
N ew Y o rk 4. O a k la n d I 
D ctroif 5, M ilw a u k e e 2 
T e xas 5, K a n s a s Ctfv 2 
S a tu rd a y s G a m e s 
M in n e so ta 4. Toronto I 
B oston 3, C a lifo rn ia o 
N ew Y o rk It, O a k la n d 2 
C h ic a g o 5, C le v e la n d 2 
Detroit 6, M ilw a u k e e 2 
B a ltim o re 4, Seattle 2 
K a n s a s City 6, T e x a s S 
S u n d a y ’s G a m e s 
M in n e so ta (G oltz o 2) at T o ro n to (J e ffe rso n o 2) 
M ilw a u k e e ( H a a s l l) at D e tro it (R u b le 3-2) 
C a lifo rn ia (S im p so n 1-2) at B o sto n (W ise 1-2) 
O a k la n d ( E llis 1-3) at N ew Y o r k (T o r r e * 4 1 
Seattle (W he elock 2 3) at B a ltim o r e ( P a lm e r 4-1) 
C h ic a g o (Stone I 3) at C le v e la n d ( F it z m o r r is 2 2) 
K a n s a s C ity (P a ttin O O) at T e x a s (B lv le v e n 3 2) 

N A T IO N A L L E A G U E 
E a s t 

P ittsb u rgh 
St. L o u is 
C h ic a g o 
M o n tre a l 
P h ila d e lp h ia 
N ew Y o rk 

W est 

W L 
Pct. 
G E 
16 
7 
.696 — 
IS 
9 
.625 
I' 
12 
IO 
.545 
3 . 
12 
IO 
.545 
3 . 
IO 
12 
.455 
51 . 
IO 
14 
417 
6 . 

22 
4 
.846 _ 
IO 
14 
.417 
11 
IO 
15 
.44o l l . 
11 
15 
.423 
I I 
11 
19 
.36/ 
13 
8 
18 
.3o8 
14 

L o s A n g e le s 
Cin cin n ati 
S a n F ra n c isc o 
H ouston 
Sa n D ie go 
A tla n ta 
F r id a y 's G a m e s 
C h ic a g o 7, A tla n ta 2 
P ittsb u rgh 6. C in cin n a ti 3 
St. L o u is 4, H o uston I 
Sa n D ie go 6. M o n tre a l 4 
L o s A n g e le s 9, P h ila d e lp h ia 3 
San F r a n c isc o 5, N e w Y o rk 3 
S a tu r d a y s G a m e s 
P ittsb u rgh 12, C in cin n a ti IO 
C h ic a g o ll, A tla n ta 4 
N e w Y o rk 6, Sa n F r a n c is c o o 
H ouston 3, St. L o u is I 
M o n tre a l 7, S a n D ie g o 6 
P h ila d e lp h ia at L o s A n g e le s 
S u n d a y ’s G a m e s 
Cin cin n ati (N o r m a n l l) at P itt s b u r g h ( R c u s s o 3) 
A tla n ta (L a c o rte 1-4) at C h ic a g o (B o n h a m 2-2) 
H ouston (L e m o n g e llo o-3) at St. L o u is ( D 'A c a u is t o 
OO) 
N ew Y o rk (E s p in o s a 2-1 a n d M a tlo c k 1-3) at S a n 
F ra n c isc o ( B a r r 4-2 a n d C u r tis O O), 2 
P h ila d e lp h ia C a rlto n 3-1) at L o s A n g e le s (H o o te d 
JI) 
M o n tre a l (H a n n a h s 1-3 an d W a rth e n I O) ot S a n 
D ie g o Jo n es 2-4 an d F re isie D e n o 4), 2 

T E X A S L E A G U E 
W est D iv isio n 
W L 
P ct 
G B 
1 1 P a so 
12 
5 
.7o6 
— 
A m a rillo 
9 
9 
.5oo 
3 .> 
S a n A ntonio 
7 IO 
.412 
5 
M id la n d 
7 ll 
.389 
5 . 
E a s t D iv isio n 
Sh re ve p o rt 
16 
6 
.727 
— 
J a c k so n 
IO ll 
476 
5 .• 
T ulsa 
9 ll 
-15o 
6 
Ar k a n sa s 
7 14 
.333 
8 2 
F r id a y s G a m e s 
M id la n d 14. E l P a s o IJ 
Sa n A ntonio S, A m a rillo 2 
J a c k so n 12, T u lsa 4 
A r k a n s a s 8, S h re v e p o rt 5, IO li n in g s 
S a tu r d a y s G a m e s 
E l P a s o at M id la n d 
San A nto nio at A m a rillo 
A r k a n s a s at Sh re ve p o rt 
J a c k so n at T ulsa 
S u n d a y s G a m e s 
E l P a s o at M id la n d 
So n A n to n io at A m a r illo 
A r k a n s a s at Sh re v e p o rt 
Ja ck so n at T u lsa 

N O R T H A M E R I C A N S O C C E R L E A G U E 
A tla n tic C o n fe re n c e 
E a s t 
W 
L 
G F 
G A B P P f 
Ft. L a u d e rd a le 
4 
I 
IO 
6 
9 
33 
I a lim a B a y 
4 
I 
8 
3 
9 
33 
C o sm o s 
2 
3 
7 
7 
7 
19 
W a sh in gto n 
I 
N orth 
3 
3 
4 
3 
9 

Toronto 
2 
I 
6 
4 
6 
18 
St. L O U IS 
2 
2 
5 
7 
4 
17 
Connecticut 
o 
2 
I 
6 
I 
I 
R o ch e ste r 
o 
3 
I 
6 
I 
I 
C h ic a g o 
o 
3 
P a c ific C o n fe re n c e 
South 

I 
7 
I 
I 

L o s A n g e le s 
4 
I 
13 
3 
IO 
34 
D a lla s 
J 
I 
IO 
5 
IO 
34 
H a w a ii 
3 
J 
6 
11 
6 
24 
L o s V e g a s 
3 
I 
5 
3 
5 
23 
So n Jose 
2 
W est 
2 
5 
7 
5 
17 

P o rtla n d 
2 
3 
8 
9 
8 
2o 
V a n c o u v e r 
2 
2 
4 
3 
4 
16 
Seattle 
I 
3 
3 
6 
3 
9 
M in n e so ta 
I 
2 
I 
2 
I 
7 
F r id a y s G a m e 
P o rtla n d 2, H a w a ii I, O T 
S a t u r d a y ’s G a m e s 
W a sh in gto n at C h ic a g o 
T a m p a B a y I, F t.L a u d e r d a le o 
D a lla s I, L o s a n g e le s o 
S a n jo s e at L a s V e g a s 
St. L o u is at Seattle 
S u n d a y ’s G a m e s 
C o sm o s at Co n n ecticu t 
Toronto at R o ch e ste r 
H a w a ii at M in n e so ta 

N A T IO N A L H O C K E Y L E A G U E 
P L A Y O F F S 
All T im e s C D T 
S e m ifin a ls 
B e sf-of-Se ve n 
T h u rsd a y s G a m e 
M o n tre a l 2, N e w Y o rk Isla n d e r s I, M o n t r e a l w in s se rie s 4 2 
F in a ls 
B est-o f-Seven 
S a t u r d a y 's G a m e 
M o n tre a l 7, B o sto n 3; M o n tr e a l le a d s se rie s 1-o. 
T u e sd a y s G a m e 
B oston at M o n tre al, 7 p.m . 
T h u rs d a y s G a m e 
M o n tre a l at Boston, 7 p.m . 
Sa tu rd a y , M a y 14 
M o n tre a l at B oston, 7 p.m . 
T u e sd a y , M a y 17 x B oston at M o n tre a l, 7 p.m . 
T h u rsd a y , M a y 19 x M o n tre a l at B oston, 7 p.m. 
Su n d a y , M a y 21 x B oston at M o n tre a l, 7 p.m. x it n e c e ssa ry 

W O R L D H O C K E Y A S S O C IA T IO N 
P L A Y O F F S 
A ll T im e s C D T 
S e m ifin a ls 
Be st-o f-Se v e n 
T h u r s d a y ’s G a m e 
W in n ip e g 6. H o u ston 3; W in n ip e g w in s se rie s 4 2 
F in a ls 
Be st-o f-Se v e n 
W e d n e sd a y s G a m e 
W in n ip e g at Q uebec, 7 p m . ; first g a m e of the series. 
S u n d a y 's G a m e 
W in n ip e g at Q uebec, 7 p.m . 
W e d n e sd a y , M a y 18 
Q u e ge c at W in n ip e g, 8 p m. 
F rid a y , M a y 2o o r S a tu rd a y , M a y 21 
Q ueb ec at W in n ipe g, 8 p.m .; if n e c e s s a ry 
S u n d a y , M a y 22 
W in n ip e g at Q uebec, 7 p m . , if n e c e ssa ry 
T u e sd a y , M a y 24 
Q ueb ec at W in n ip e g, 8 p.m .; if n e c e s s a ry 

T e n n i s 

W O R L D T E A M T E N N I 
E a s t 

W e st 

W L 
Pct. 
G B 
I 
.833 
— 
I 
.75o 
I 
3 
.571 r z 
5 
.375 
? ' 2 
5 
.167 
3 2 

, 
I 
.75o _ 

I 
.667 
I, .y 

2 
.6oo 
'•? 
2 
.333 
I * 2 
5 
.167 
3 

 i Y o rk a n a 
So vie ts re Pitt 

 ten G ate enix 
P ort 
D ie g o 
A n g e le s 
F r i d a y s M a tc h tsfon 3o, L o s A n g e le s 12 
S a tu r d a y s M a tc h e s 
>ston 27. In d ia n a 25 ( O T I ie So vie ts 25, C le v e -P itt 23 is A n g e le s vs. N e w Y o r k at N ew R o ch e lle , N Y loem x at San D ie g o a -P o rt at G o ld e n G a te 
S u n d a y M a tc h e s 
> m atch e s sch e d u le d 

M a y 9 
L o 
2:15 a.m . 
H i 1o:28 a.m . 
Lo 
6:o3 p.m. 
H i 
7:29 p.m. 

M a y 9 
L o 
3:oo a.m . 

F ish in g 

T I D E S 
P o rt A r a n s a s 

P o rt Isa b e l 

M a y IO 
L o 
3:15 a.m . 
H i 1 1 :1 4 a.m . 
L o 
4:57 p.m . 
H i 
8:55 p.m . 

M O V 9 
R ise 6 46 a rn 
Set 8: IS p.m. 

S U N R I S E S U N S E T 

H i 
1:33 p.m . 
L o 
6: 13 p.m . 
H i 12:47 a.m . 

M a y IO 
R ise 6 45 a rn. 
Se t 8:16 p.m . 

M O O N R I S E - M O O N S E T 
M O V IO 
R is e 2:13 a rn 
Set I ;53 p.m . 

M a y 9 
R ise 1:31 a m . 
Set 12:55 p m 

M O O N P H A S E S 
N e w m oon: M a y 18 
F irst q u a rte r. M a y 26 
F u ll m oon: J u n e I 
L a st q u a rte r: M a y IO f »y lim as! i«*s 

T W O Q U A L I F Y 
Janet F itz sim o n a n d D ic k M c G e h e e , in stru c to r s at T e d P ritc h e tt G y m n a s t ic s Sc h o o l, h a v e c o m dieted re q u ire m e n ts fo r the a p p r e n t ic e le v e l of f u d g in g in th e U .S . G y m n a s t i c s F e d e r a t io n s p ro g ra m . K a r e n H u rle y a n d R o b b in P ritc h e tt of the P ritche tt staff a r e a lre a d y at th e level. T h e y a r e now e ligib le to ju d ge C la s s III g ir ls c o m p e ti lion w h ich is o rg a n iz e d b v the U S G F . 
Horst** H a d in g 

C H U R C H I L L D O W N S : 
522,625 D e b u ta n te S ta k e s 
— Sw eet Little L a d y (54.4o), Sa h sie , P o o d le P u p 
F iv e fu rlo n g s in :58. 
L O U IS IA N A D O W N S : 
F e a tu r e - L e a s t of A ll 
(58.4o), S p e e d y B e u la h , N a t iv e V is it o r . S ix f u r ­ lo n g s in 1:13.4. . 

L A M E S A : 
F e a t u r e — S u m m e r 
H u m m e r 
(58 6o), D o lla r Short, S e a K eep. F iv e fu r lo n g s in 
58 3/5 

S C R A M B L E R S 
T e a m : 
G it P e r e z , J o e D e m o , 
J o e C h a v e z , 
A rth u r A c o sta , 74. 
In d iv id u a l: 
L G . Jo e C h a v e z , 
81; L N , F r a n k Soto, 89-24-65. 

S A C O U N T R Y C L U B 
W a lt e r D u n l a p ’s 3 6 -3 2 — 68 le d 
S a t u r d a y ’s q u a lif ie r s fo r th e c lu b c h a m p io n s h ip to u r n e y , w h ich b e g in s W e d n e sd a y . Q u a lify in g ro u n d s w ill co ntinue all d a y S u n d a y for that to u rn e y. T r a v is 
B a ile y Jr., the d e fe n d in g c h a m p , a ls o q u a lifie d 
Satu rd ay . 

C A R P E N T E E P q O - A M 
P a u l B e h e e -L a n e H o lsto n -C h a d F e ld - F r a n k H a ­ rv e y , 43; 
W o o d y T u c k e r - B o b D o v e n p o r t - N e w t 
L a n e - M o r r is L o e tfle r Sr., 44; 
M a r t y M a r t in e z - 
A n d v B e a v e r-J o e M o r a ic s -C . V. R u sse ll, 45. 

N A I A D istric t 4 G o lf 
R e su lts ofter 18 of 36 ho le s at the G r e a t H ills 
G o lf C o u r se in A u stin . 
F in a l R o u n d at 
IO a m . 
Sunday. 
T e a m T o ta ls: 
S a m H o u sto n State 298, A n g e lo 
State 3o6, So u th w e ste rn 312; T e x a s L u th e ra n 32o. 
M e d a l L e a d e rs: 
R o b e rt S in g le ta r y , S a m H o u sto n , 
7o; B o b b y Sm ith, A n g e lo , 72; L e e S in g le t a r y , S a m 
H o u sto n , 75; 
R ic k P r e s t o n , S o u t h w e s t e r n , 75; 
H ilton C h a n ce llo r, T L C , 75. 
T L C S c o re s: 
C h a n c e llo r, 75; D a n n y P o w e ll, 83; 
C r a ig Steen, 83; K y le L o v e ; 86; K e ith H ill! 79. 
S o ftb all 

T he th ird a n n u a l T e x a n n a D a y s m e n s a n d w o m e n 's slow pitch to u rn a m e n t w ill be held J u n e 
IO 12 in E d n a . F o r fu rth e r in fo rm a tio n o r e n try b lan k s, call B ill L ile s at (512) 782 3136. O r w rite to him at P.O. B o x 573, E d n a , 77957. 

T C IL S T A T E S O F T B A L L T O U R N A M E N T 
R e su lts of the T C I L sta te g i r l s ’ s o ftb a ll t o u r ­ n am e n t at 
A lv a 
Jo 
F isc h e r 
S o ftb a ll 
C o m p le x 
S a tu rd a y : 
A A A 
St. G e r a r d s 9, P ro v id e n c e 4 
U rsu lin e 16, C o rp u s C h r isti In c a r n a t e W o rd 6 
St. G e ra rd s 9, H o u sto n St. A g n e s I 
S A. In c a ra n te W o rd IO, U rs u lin e 4 
U rsu lin e 16, P ro v id a n c e 7 
H o u ston St. A g n e s 12, C.C. In c a r n a te W o rd 2 
St. G e r a r d s ll, S.A. In c a r n a te W o r d I 
U rsu lin e 9, H o u sto n St. A g n e s 8 
St. G e ra rd s m e e ts the w in n e r of the U rs u lin e 
S A. in c a rn a te W o rd g a m e in the fin a ls af 2 p.m . 
A A 
B le sse d S a c ra m e n t IO, H o u sto n L u th e ra n 3 
H o u ston M a r ia n 31, S .A. C h r istia n o 
H o u ston N o rth w e st 26, S A. C h r is tia n o 
B le sse d S a c ra m e n t 5, V ic to r ia St. J o se p h s 2 
P o rt A rth u r B ish o p B ry n e 3, B le s s e d S a c r a m e n t 
I 
St. 
J o s e p h 's - M a r i a n w in n e r p l a y s 
B S A f o r se con d alae T h e w in n e r of that g a m e p la y s B is h o p 
B ry n e tor the c h a m p io n sh ip at noon. 

T o 

L o 
M a y IO 
4:12 a.m . 

‘ I I I H M 

S Y M P H O N Y B E N E F I T 
T E N N IS T O U R N A M E N T 
At M c F a r lin 
F in a l R e su lts 
C o n d u cto r F lig h t: 
E d D e W e e s a n d E liz a b e th 
Spe nce r, def. T o m m y H o lm e s a n d A n n R e e se , 7-6. 
2-6, (5-3). 
F id d le F lig h t: 
G e o r g e K a r l a n d M a r io n 
H a ze lw oo d def. E a r l C u tle r def. J e a n Littleto n, 8-2. 
Ce llo F ligh t: 
R a y a n d So le n e W illo u g h b y def 
M a r k Jo h n so n an d G e rd a J a c o b s, 8-4. 
C o n c e r t 
M a s te r F N ._ 78f iddle ligh t c o r g e a r l a n d o rio n aze lw o o d def. a r l utter def. eon ittie ilas«»l»aS8 

P E A R S A L L 7, S O M E R S E T 6 
So m e rse t 
OOO 
132 o — 6 
7 
3 
P e a r sa ll 
o1o o12 3 — 7 
5 
o 
P e n a , T a y lo r 
(7 ) a n d G o m e z ; 
R e n d o n , G r a f 
(45), C a v a z o s (6) a n d G a r z a . W — C a v a z o s (2-o). 
L — T a y lo r (2-7). H R — P e a r s a ll: 
L a r r y L a w le r , 
2nd, solo. In la st of se ve n th , f ir s t tw o b a t t e r s w a lk e d o nd e rro r lo ade d b a s e s w ith none out. N o e 
C u b rie l s fie ld e r’s c h o ic e sc o r e d f ir s t ru n , then 
La w le r squeezed in B r a d W r ig h t to tie ga m e . W ith tw o om ts, J. P. N a v a r r o sin g le d in G a r z a fro m se con d with w in n in g run. G e n e G u z m a n 2-3 a n d trip le fo r S o m e r se t. V ic t o r y k e e p s P e a r s a l l in r u n n in g at 8-2 b e h in d M e d i n a 
V a l l e y ’s 
7-o 
So m e rse t 3-5 a n d 11-15. 
Spinks wins 

ST. LOUIS (A P) — Prom ising hea­ vyweight Leon Spinks battered veteran 
Pedro Agosto with a series of punches* and scored a knockout at 1:55 of the f ir s t ro u n d of th e ir sc h e d u le d eight-rounder in the homecoming for the Olympic light heavyweight ch am ­ pion Saturday. 
The 23-year-old Spinks, who weighed 
198 pounds for his fourth pro fight in four months, continued a strin g of k n o ck ou ts a g a i n s t the 31-year-old 
Agosto. 
Also on the nationally televised card, 
S p in k s ’ y o u n ge r broth er, M ich ael, outpointed Luis Rodriguez of Bethle­ hem, P a., in a six-round light hea­ vyweight match. 
Tornado wins 

DALLAS (A P) - The D allas Torna­ do jum ped into a tie for first place in the North American Soccer L e a gu e’s southern division Saturday night with a 1-o victory over the co-leaders, the 
Los Angeles Aztecs. 
Hawaii out 

KANSAS CITY (A P) — The Univer­ sity of Hawaii has been placed on a two-year basketball probation by the 
N a tio n a l 
C o lle g ia t e 
A th le tic 
Association for a variety of rule in­ fractions. 
Andersen wins 

SPECIAL TO THE EXPRESS N EW S 

BALTON—-Mark Andersen of J a y won the mile in 4:15.54 Saturday night at the state qualifiers meet. 
Only three other San A n to n ia n s placed, Fox Tech’s Leon B an k s finish­ ing second in the 88o at 1:55.4; Charlie 
Stanley of Lee high jum pin g 6-4 for third place, and Lan ier’s mile relay team winding up fourth in 3:25.8. 
Here are the winners: 

P ole V a u lt: 
I. 
R ic k y H a v le v , T u lo s o -M id w a v , 
15-8 (m ee t re co rd ). 
D ise u s: I, R ic k y B ro w n . M o r t, 174 4. 
Sho t P u t: 
I. D a v id T a v e irn e , A u s t in L a n ie r , 
61-6 x. 
H ig h J u m p : 
I. M ik e W h ite w e ll,C o tu lla, 6 6, 
3. 
C h a rlie Stanley, Lee. 6 4. 
L o n g Ju m p : 
I. D u a n e Jones, M e e t, 23-3 (m e e t reco rd ). 
44o R e la y : 
I. B o n h a m , 41.7. 
88o: 
I. P h il K n o ll, A u s tin A n d e r s o n , 1:54.55 
(m eet r e c o r d ); 2. Le o n B a n k s, F o x T e ch , 1:55.4. 
12o H ig h H u r d le s : 
I. M o t t C o w th o n , B e lto n , 
14.19. 
IOO: 
I. M itc h e ll Bennett, B o n h a m , 9.59 (m e e t . reco rd). 
44o: 
I. J e sse C a v il, T e m ple , 48.33 
33o IH : 
I. R o b e rt K le in , K ille e n , 37.63. 
22o: 
I. E lto n F r a n c is , G id d in g s, 21.76. 
M ile : 
I. M a r k A n d e rse n , Ja y , 4:15.54. 
M ile R e la y : 
I 
T e m ple , 3:15 85; 4. L a n ie r (N . 
B ro w n , F. 
Ruiz, R. M c M ic h a e l. J. 
H e r u a n d e z ), 
3:25.8. 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday May 8 I 977 h * 
Pa9e 5 S 
Snake hurler out 

CONRAD PEREZ 
. . . sidelined 

Bv CLIFFORD BROYLES 
O f THE EXPRESS NEW S STAff 

Conrad Perez, St. M ary’s most effective pitcher this sea­ son, will m iss the R a ttle rs’ 
NAIA District 4 playoff series with Sam Houston State because of tendonitis. 

P e re z, a ju n ior righ t-h an der, h as been sent home to E agle P a ss to rest his arm , St. M ary’s Coach E lm er Ko- sub said Saturday. 

T h e a ilm en t fir st a p p e a r e d a fte r 
Perez m ade his last appearance April 
22 against E ast T exas Baptist and he 

 w as o rd ered to rest the a rm for IO days. 
An attempt to test the arm Thursday night inflamed the ailment again when he threw som e on the sidelines during a g a m e against T exas Lutheran. 
“ He tried to throw som e at TLC and it swelled up on him .” said Kosub. “ He can ’t straighten his arm out.” 
The Rattlers and B earkats open their series at I p.m. Monday in Huntsville. 
The second and third gam e, if needed, will be played at I p.m . T u esday at 
V .J. Keefe Field. 

With Perez out, Danny Keep (3-5), 
Lance 
Carrington 
(2-o) and 
Bob 
W agner (4-1) will be St. M ary’s chosen three as starters for the series. Hoop or 
Carrington will pitch Monday. 

Kosub said Perez “ could” be a v a i­ lable for later playoff action if his arni responds and the R attlers keep win­ ning. tie could return, but right now it looks pretty b ad,” said Kosub. “ It has swollen up and that is a sign of som e real irritation.” 
Perez has a 3-1 record and the hest earned run average on the team, 1.34. 
H is 47 in n in g s is the m o st by one pitcher on the squad 

P e re z e a r lie r m iss e d a co u p le of weeks because of a bad case of tonsili- tis, which hospitalized him. Ile pitchod a shutout against Southwestern in his first g a m e after that illness. 
Perez had a 7-2 record with 1.53 ER A for the Rattlers last season. 
Piar°ffs unusual 

ASSOCIATED PRESS 
The first round of the UCLA Alumni 
Invitational went to Bill Walton, class of 74, with a lot of help from his classy Portland teammates of 77. 

It was supposed to be a showdown between the two form er star centers of UCLA’s glory years, Walton and H areem Abdul-Jabbar, once known a s Lew Al- cindor, class of '69. 
But what Friday night’s National Basketball A s­ sociation sem ifinal playoff between Walton’s Trail 
B la z e rs and z \b d u l-Jab b a r’s Los A n geles L a k e r s turned out to be w as a runaway, n am ely Walton handing the ball to a variety of team m ates who ran through the L a k ers’ defense and rolled up a 121-1o9 victory. 
Sunday 

That shattered the L a k e r s’ near-invincibility at home this year (they were 41-5 going into the gam e) and shifted the home-court advantage to the Trail 
Blazers. The team s meet again Sunday before- heading to Portland for the third and fourth g a m e s in the best-of-seven series. 
Also on Sunday, the Philadelphia 78ers, the one- on-one, playground ch am ps of the NB/\, try to widen their 1-o sem ifinal lead over the Houston Rockets in 
Philadelphia. 
Walton had 22 points to A b d u l-Ja b b a r’s 3o and 
Maurice Lucas, Portland’s top scorer, had 28 points to Earl T a tu m ’s 32. But the Lakers had nothing to match the high-scoring Portland balance — Lionel 
Hollins’ 25 points and Johnny D av is’ 2o. More im ­ portantly, the Lak ers had nothing to stop the Trail 
B l a z e r s ’ back door p la y s. T im e a fte r tim e the gu ard s or forwards passed to Walton, charged to the hoop, took the return p ass and put in easy layups with the Lakers looking on helplessly and hopelessly out of position. 
“ They have tremendous quickness,” said Lakers 
Coach Je rry West. “ They were a lot quicker than we were ... I don’t know how many baskets they scored from four or five feet, but it was quite a few.” 
Top NBA rookies selected 

ASSOCIATED PRESS 
NEW YORK - Adrian Dantley of the 
Buffalo Braves, the first player in five years to average better than 2o points per game in his rookie season, heads the Na­ tional Basketball Association’s official 
1976-77 all-rookie team as chosen by the league’s coaches. 

D antley, a ru gged 6-foot-5, 21o-pound forw ard from Notre D a m e, a v e ra g e d 2o.3 p oin ts for the 
‘ B raves, the first rookie to p ass the 2o-point m ark since Sidney Wicks did it for Portland in 1971-72. 
Joining Dantley on the all-rookie first team were forward Scott May of Chicago, one of the spark s to the B u lls’ late-season charge to a playoff spot; center 
Mitch Kupchak of Washington, who developed into a top-flight reserve with the Bullets during the second half of the season; gu ard John L u cas of Houston, whose playm aking helped the Rockets win the Cen­ tral Division title, and guard Run Lee of Phoenix, whose hustle and fine all-around play was one of the few bright spots in the Su n s’ disappointing season. 
All five were first-round choices in last y e a r ’s 
NBA college draft. Dantley, May and Kupchak all were starters on the U.S. Olympic team which won a gold medal at Montreal last su m m er. 
Dantley, a 21-year-old W ashington, DA', native who passed up his senior year at Notre D am e to turn pro, had a .52o field goal percentage, best on the 
B ra v e s, and also led the club with 251 offensive rebounds. 
The second team consists of center Robert Parish of Golden State, forward-centers Richard W ashing­ ton of K an sas City and Lonnie Shelton of the New 
York Knicks and gu ards Quinn Buckner of the Mil­ w au k ee B u c k s and A rm on d Hill of the A tlan ta 
Hawks. 
Others receiving votes were forward-center Leon 
Douglas of Detroit, forw ards Paul Griffin of New 
O rlean s and Sonny P a r k e r of G olden S ta te and gu a rd s E arl Tatum of Los Angeles and Larry Wright of Washington. 

4 * o 11 

S A G A 
P a ir in g s for M o n d a y s M e m b e r s h ip T o u r n a m e n t at C h a p a r r a l 
C o u n try Club. It w ill be a lo w -b a ll tw o so m e eve nt. 
Tee No. I: 8:32 a.m ., A l B lo o m -C la u d e W ilk in so n , C o tto n L e slie - 
K u rt K le efe ld ; 8:56, C.J. K r a u s e F lo y d W r ig h t ; 9:o4, S a m H u sto n - 
T o m A lg e r , B ill F lo w e r s - B o b B r a t t o n ; 9:12, B e n F r a n k f in - T o m 
B ethea, F re d W h ite -C a rl B o r d ig a ; 9:2o, R o d n e y L u d w ig B o b B a r r y , 
A r d R ic h a r d s o n - W a lt F is h e r ; 9:28, G e n o M c G lv n n - T o m U z ze fl, 
J e sse O r o z c o -H a rry G im p le ; 9:36, J a c k M in n ic k B o b J a c k so n , V ie 
K ir k s - L a r r v S a v a g e ; 11.48, V ir g il K r e n m u e lle r -B la c k ie T sc h irh a r t, 
A l T e k ; 11:56, C a r l H e id e n -F re d S o u r , J im S lin k a r d - E r n ie T o u sle v ; 
12:o4, B ill H a u c k -C h a rtie D a v is , E d H ili-L o n n ie W e n d la n d ; 
12:12, 
R o n a ld B r in k o e t e r - H e n r y M ir a n d a , B u d C h r is t y - J o h n 
In s c o r e ; 
12:2o, A l B ie lse r-J o h n M o n ro e , J e a n J a rr e tt-B o b S a v a g e . 
12:28, D a n T a y lo r -C h u c k R ite n o u x; 12:36, A l H a w le y - P h il H a r k in s , 
J im P o g e -B ill M ezzetti; 
12:44, S ta n S to k e -R o b K a u f m a n , A l T im ­ m o n s D a v id K r a u s e ; 
12:52, L e o n a r d B r o w n D a n 
B a r n e y , H a n k 
G o m e z -T o m W illia m s ; 
1:oo, T o m T u r n e r - C le m C u r r y , J o e H e r - r m g - L a m a r S im m o n s ; 
1:o8, J im 
C h a o m a n - D o n 
B la n k s , C a r l 
W e rn e r; 1:16, D .B . H ig h -A I T re v e th a n , L a r r y D a v - O r v ille C le v e r ly ; 
1:24, J im G r a n t M ik e W v so n g , A l S p e a r - G a r y D o u g la s ; 
1:32, B o b 
D o b b in s -C liff J e ffo r d s, R o g e r M o b la d D a v id H u m e s ; 
1:4o, B o b 
P llls b u r y - J o h n T u r b is h , A l D u m o n d - W e b W ild e r ; 
1:48, A lie n 
P u n d t B ill K eith, N ollie S w y n n e r to n -H e n r v H a m il. 
.. 
T e e N o. 
IO : 
8 :5 6 a m .. B u d H a r d i n B o b 
P e c k , 
L e o n a r d 
T a y lo r - N o r m a n N e lm s ; 
9 ;o 4 . C a r l G o le m a n - C . J . 
H e a t h , L e o 
D e a v e r - E r ik E r ik s o n ; 9:12, J o c k M o t t e r - P e o r s o n 
B r o w n , C h e f 
D a h le n -J im W a tso n ; 9:2o, D a v e C o u n ts-D a n M a r tin e z , J a c k C a r r il­ lo P h il R o b e r t s o n ; 9:36, D o n D o m R e u b e n 
R o d r ig u e z , M o n o 
P e tr e lli A l D iF r o n z o ; 
11:56, J o h n H a r r i s L . D 
R o b e r t s , M o r r is 
R o b e rts-C h e sfe r S c h a e fe r; 
12:o4, G a r y L o o n e v -L o fto n C a m p , K e n 
L a n g s t o n G e r r y L u tz , 
1 2:1 2 ’ B ill H e n o E ld o n S a v a g e , L lo y d 
Sch w artz P a u l F ritz ; 12:2o, H o i L e o n a rd -N o e l P etty . 
12:28, R o n G u e v a ra -C h u c k K le in , 
F r a n k C la n c e v -H J. B e lla m y ; 
12:36, A l Sch u ltz -So n n v A p p e d o le , D ic k W a it A lb e r t C o ld e w c v ; 12 44, j o h n K e il-J im A lle n , S t u N o r t o n - H e r b B la k e le y ; 
12:52, W L. 
W h it is - B o b A n d e r s o n , D e n z il H a ll m a r k D e n n y H a l l m a r k ; 
1.oo, 
H a rle v C a r r o ll-B e n Jonietz, B a b e P e te r s B o b L in d s a y ; 
1:o8, S a m 
B ie r y - E .L . B u c h a n a n ; 
1:16, B u d d y M a n g o ld - E d d i e F u c h s , R o n 
F is h e r R u s s e ll F is h e r ; 
1:24, T in k e r D a v i d s o n G a r y W o ltt. D o n 
P e in e -B illy Jo rd an . 

Bargain 
Hunters 

. 78Senes 

* 7S 'Ct 'n ' 

M 
Great Buys are in the Bag at UNIROYAL! 
FIRST TIME IN SAN ANTONIO! 
Featured in Pickup-Van and 4 W D M agazine 
TIRE-WHEEL CO M BIN A T IO N 
UNIROYAL LAND-TRAC 
SIZE 1o-15 4-PLY RAISED WHITE LETTER 
WHITE SPOKE WELD-WHEEL 15x8 

COMPLETE ASSEM BLY 

Plus f t .I. $4.3o 
& wheel hotdwote 

SPRING SPECIAL! 

99 
2 GALLON 
SAFETY G A S CAN if 

Arts Atlas 
3 3 5 o F re d e rick sb u rg 
7 3 6 -4 5 1 6 
(N O R T H W E S T ) 

Kelfer’s Alam o 
Tire Center 
6o1 N. Alamo 225-3291 
(D O W N T O W N ) 

Schneider Tire 
& Auto 
226o So. WW White Rd. 
3 3 3 -9 3 o 1 (SOUTHEAST) 

Hom ann-W illiam s 
Tire 
1 7 1 o A u stin H w y. a t 
Eise nh au e r 
8 2 4 -2 4 1 3 N O R T H E A ST 

Sagebiels 

Court & Travis 379-1 IS I 

(S E G U IN ) 

Knifer Tire 
Northside 
8719 Broadway 8 2 8 -5 7 4 7 
(I blk North of Loop 41o) 

Earl W heeler Tire 
Service 
4 3 o 2 B r o a d w a y 
8 2 6 -1 5 7 2 (ALAMO HEIGHTS) 

Hi-Gear, Inc. 

644o No Expwy (IH1o) 

(BALCONES HEIGHTS) 736-2856 

Mezzetti Tire 
Com pany 
6239 San Pedro 342-9521 
(N O R T H S ID E ) 

Gonzales Tire & 
M uffler 
2623 Culebro Rd. 432-8511 

L . 
(W EST ) 

Knifer Tire 
Com pany 
4oo $. Flores 226-4111 
(D O W N T O W N ) 

Prices shown available at 

Arts Atlas 
See your independent dealer 
. for his price. 
A 

Ii 
\ 

San Antonio E X PR ESS-N EW S— Sunday M ay 8 197 7 
R eco rd s fall in state m eet 

Continued from Page IS 

 turday's run if approved. 
In other national record-breaking performances 
Saturday. Beaumont Charlton P o llard ’s Bobbin 
Coleman zipped through the BKI in 1o.5 and another 
Forth Worth foursome from Eastern Hills held off 
Fort Worth Wyatt to win in 1:39.4. 
The United States record in the 811-yard hurdles was tied when Wyatt’s Karen Holmes. El Paso 
B u rges' Dannette Alford and B urleson’s Cheryl 
Sanderson all finished in a dead heat at 1o.2. 
A state record that was set in the 88o Friday night also fell Saturday to Richardson Berkner’s Kathy 
Vetter, who cruised in at 2:1o.9, three-tenths of a second off the national mark. 
The meet had a bitter-sweet taste for San Anton­ ians and South Texas performers. 
Tragedy struck Sam Houston in the first event, the 
44o relay, when the balon fell to the track on the third exchange between Toy Roberts and Shirley 
O'Neal. 
“ I gave it to her.” said Roberts. “ She started to run.. I guess she thought she didn’t have it and she dropped the stick.” 
Roberts, w ho ran the third leg, usually anchors for 
Houston, but after tar sprinter-hurdler Sherine 

Taylor was scratched from the relay and the hurdles due to a case of chicken pox, the lineup was ehifted. 
“ We never could get it down,” said O’Neal, indi­ cating that the pair had been troubled with the exchange in practice during the week. 
Later in the 22o, it looked as if Houston would suffer yet another misfortune when Uebra Pinnix rounded the curve in sixth place. Suddenly, like a bolt of lightning, Pinnix accelerated down the straightaway, finishing second at 24.7. 
“ I had to do it,” the Houston senior said of her come-from-behind burst of speed. “ I had to, or else I wouldn’t have gotten anything. I wanted to go home with something.” 
Two city records fell on performances by local entrants in the meet. Memorial’s Verlena Mooney, though finishing sixth, bettered the San Antonio 44(1 mark by l l with a 57.o time. MacArthur^ Beverly 
Porter finished seventh in that sam e race. 
MacArthur^ L’Anna Howard, who was taken by tears because of her fifth-place showing the IOO. ran the fastest non-wind aided century ever by a San 
Antonio girl at 1o.8. 
Vicky Finch, Roosevelt’s sterling sophomore, upped her ow n city record in the triple jump with a 
57-HUt effort, which was only good enough for fifth place. 

 a mr 
I 

'a r . j . J * , k s - S * *•> 
I 
I ZANE TRUMAN TIRE CO.j 
Iskst SALE on DOUBLE BELTED I 
Deluxe Champion WHITEWALLS! g 

S 
A 
V 
E 
* 6 
2 t o 
* 1 
o 
8 per set of 4 

A78 13 
Plus $1.73 PET per tire and 4 old tires 

4 f o r 

* 1 2 6 
Sizes B.C and E78 14. 
Plus $1 88 to $2 26 
F E T per tire and 
4 old tires. 

4 for 

* 1 4 6 
Sizes F78 14,15: 
G78-14.15. 
Plus $2 42 to $2 65 
F.E.T. per tire and 
4 old tires 

4 ffo r l 
*866 
Sizes H78-14,15: 
J78-14.15: L78-15 
Plus $2 8o to $3 12 
F E.T ‘per tire and 
4 old tires 
- 
As 

$ f i r e s t o n e 
Radial Deluxe Champion “BLEMS’ 

FET 
EA. 

S Whitewalls 

Polyester Glass Belted 

FR78xl4 
2.54 
FR78xl5 ...... 2.51 
GR78xl4 ..... 2.69 
GR78xl 5 .... 2.79 
HR78xl4 ..... 2.88 
HR78xl5 ..... 2.96 
LR78xl5 ...... 3.28 

4 f o * - * 1 7 3 9 5 S 

4 f o r - s 1 7 3 9 5 S 
4 for- * 1 8 1 ” 3 
4 FOR—* I 8 19S 3 
4 FOR—*1 8 9 9s3 
4 FOR—*1 8 9 9sS 
4 FOR—*2 1 9 9*3 

S u p e r S p o r t . S to n e s...t!ie new SO ,6o J 
* 
“ B L E M S ” 
- 
- 
3 
A6oX13 
F6oX14 
F6oX15 
G6oX14 
F5oX14 
F5oX15 

F.E.T. 
2 . 1 o 

F.E.T. 
2 .7 8 

F.E.T. 
2 .8 5 

F.E.T. 
2 . 9 4 

F.E.T. 
2 . 9 6 

F.E.T. 
2 . 9 9 

* 3 1 . 5 o I 
* 3 8 . 5 o 
* 3 8 . 5 o 
* 3 9 . 5 o 

*4o.5o 

*41.5o 

W H IT E S P O K E W H EELS I 

16.5X8'/. 
4 FOR 
*15o 
15X1o 4 FOR‘ I 3 o “ 

WE INSTALL & BALANCE ALL TYPES WHEELS 

^ 
T i r e s t o n e 
S 
ALL 
TERRAIN 
Four-wheel drive vehicle tire! 

Pluss4 .3 o Fed. Ex. tax, exchange; tu b e le ss, 
4-ply rating. 

Precision FRONT END 
ALIGNMENT to m anufacturer's specifications 
M O ST AM ERICAN CARS 
\ > with regular suspension 

Vi and 
TON 
TRUCKS 
TWIN “I” BEAM 
Am Mr UP >14951 

A l 
A extra if % needed 

WE KEEP PR CES D O W N ! 
Volum e Buying thru Firestone’s largest dealer association — N o w 42 stores in Texas. 

• BANKAMERICARD 

• MASTERCHARGE 

BOAT TRAILER 5 
TIRES I O 9 5 1 
EA. 
I 

48oX8 th type F.E.T . 5 8 13 

W e G ladly H onor The Follow ing: 

SHOPPERS CHARGE 

CARTE BLANCHE 

• TEXACO* 
S 

• AVCO 
J3 
W hy Buy A n U n k n o w n W hen You Can Have A Firestone!! 9 

*6oo7 WEST AVE. AT IOOP41o 
O NLY 15 OR 2o MINUTES FROM ANYW HERE IN THE 

SAN A NT O NIO AREA 
M 
M •rn jl 
O N T H E LO O P 
P HONE u 
4 
2 
- t 4 
7 
6 

5345 WALZEM ROAD 
SERVING WINDCREST A N D CAMELOT A N D 
SURRO UN DIN G AREAS 
_ _ _ 
________________________________________ p h o n e 6 5 5 - 8411 . ^ 

Sari M arcos’ Rosalinda Ram irez, the top half miler in South Texas, found a blistering first-lap pace set by eventual state record holder Vetter too taxing. Ramirez drifted from a solid second, which she held until the final 33o yards, to seventh. r. “ My legs were pretty tight. I was hoping for a kit but my legs just tightened up.” 
In the A division, which was won by Paducah with 
48 points, Charlotte’s Bonnie Mann won the 88o at 
2:17.1 and Falls City’s Irene Moczybemba did the same in the 44o with a 57.8 clocking. Jourdanton’s 
Melinda Dornak was second in the quarter at 58.1. 
Sabinal’s mile relay sped to a fourth-place finish only to be disqualified on a lane violation, but fared better in the 88o, where Ju d y Schaefer finished fourth at 2:27.5. 
Lytle’s Ruth Gareia finished fourth in the mile at 
5:32.7. 
In the B division, which Meridian won, D’Hanis’ 
Annette Nester heaved the shot put 4o-8V& Saturday to add a second to the fourth she picked up Friday in the discus with a 117-3 throw. 
The high-point individual in the AAAA division was hurdler Holmes of Fort Worth Wyatt with 28. 
She won the long jump and the hurdles at 19-1% and 
1o.2, respectively, and ran on Wyatt’s second-place 
44o and 88o relays. in the A division. Shannon McGowan of .Southlake 
Carroll took the honors with 29Vfc points, and Linda 
Muerer of Windthorst did the sam e in the B division with 24l/&. 

A U S T IN . Tex (A P ) - H ere are s u m m a r ie s in the G i r l 's State 
Track and Field M eet in A ustin: 
C lass 4A 
44o y a rd relay: I, F o rt W orth 
T r im b le T e c h , 46.7, B e v e r ly 
Turner, Donna Thom as, F ra n c e s 
Punch, D e b ra D avis, new national re c o r d , old r e c o r d 46.8. F o r t 
W orth Trim ble Tech, 1976. 2, Fort 
W orth W yatt, 47.2. 3, B e a u m o n t 
Charlton-Pollard, 47.3 4, H ouston 
F o re st B ro o k , 47.5. 5, A m a r illo 
P a lo D u ra , 47.6. 6 , R o s e n b e r g 
L a m a r Consolidated, 48 4 
88o 
I, K ath y Vetter, R ic h a rd so n B e rk n e r, 2:1o.9, new state record, old record, 2: 14,3 L a u ra 
D avis, Houston M e m orial, 1975, 2, 
D is c Lew is, H ou ston M e m o ria l, 
2: 12.8. 3, April Polk, Deer P a rk , 
2:14.4. 4, S u e S m ith , P a m p a , 
2:16,3. 5. Su san W hite, A m arillo , 
2:16.8. 6 , B e lin d a B ig g e r s t a ff , 
D a lla s Hillcrest, 2: 17.5. 
44o: 
I, F ra n c e s P u n c h , F o rt 
W orth T rim b le T ech, 54 9, new d o s s record, old record 55.8. Wit m a H a r ris , H o u sto n W o rth in g , 
1976. 2, W llm o Jean H a rris, H o u s­ ton W orthing, 55.1. 3, Felecia An derson. H ouston S p rin g B ra n c h , 
55.6. 4, So n d ra Childs. A rlin gto n 
B o w ie , 56.8. 5, S o m a B a lla r d , 
A m arillo Palo Duro. 56 9 6, V er le n a 
M o o n e y , 
S a n 
A n t o n io 
M em orial 57.o. 
22o 
I, D o ris H urd, H ouston F o rest Brook, 24 4. 2, D e b ra Pinnix, 
San Antonio Houston, 24.7 J, De b ro D a v is, F o rt W orth T rim b le 
Tech, 24.8. 4, C a ssa n d ra G ra h a m , 
A u stin Jo h n so n , 24.9 5, F e le c ia 
F re e m a n , A m a rillo P a lo D u ro , 
25.o. 6, Leah G reenw ood, H ouston 
Jones, 25.2 
C lass A 
H igh lum p; I, Jonelle Sm alley. 
Bartzen title wins 

AUSTIN (AP) - An­ g ela B artzen of F o rt 
Worth P a sch a l ea sily beat Susan Fancher of 
Beaumont French, ti-4, 
6-2, Saturday to win the 
Class 4A girls state high school tennis title. 
Pam Hill of Beaumont 
South 
P ark toppled 
Teresa Cargill of Brown­ field, 6-3, 6-3, for the 
Class 3A crown, while 
Susan Jungm an of Pre­ mont stru g g le d past 
Cathy Hill of Gladewater, 
4-6, 6-2, 6-1, in the Class 
2A singles final. 
In C la ss A sin g le s, 
Son ja 
H utcherson of 
Memphis trounced Ron­ da E ean e P h illip s of 
Shallowater, 6-o, 6-2. Jo ­ hanna Barton of Higgins won the Class B crow n by edging Marcia Nichols of 
Forsan, 6-4, 7-6. 
Susie Low and Jan Jo ­ hansen of Dallas High­ land P a rk team ed to cap tu re the C la ss 4A doubles ch am pion sh ip with a 64, 6-4 victory over 
M ary Jo e G lam m a lv a and 
E^va 
B ra n isa of 
Houston Memorial. 
Elsa and Diana Hino- jose of Falfurrias edged past Jo m R ussell and 
Suzie Adams of Andrews, 
6-1, 4-6, 6-3, for the Class 
3A title, while San Saba’s 
Darlene Tuff and Diane 
Sen terfitt beat V an ’s 
Pam Adrian and Marsha 
Dove, 7-6, 6-3, in the 
Class 2A finals. 
Debbie 
F u c h s and 
Alice 
M ikuleneak of 
Thrall won the Class A champioship with a 7-6, 
3-6, 6-3 victory over De­ bra Bishop and Kathy 
Robinson of Marfa. The 
Class B doubles crown went to 
R o sem ary 
Schulte and R ach elle 
Pohlm eir of Nazareth, who defeated M elanie 
Jessup and Kelly Vernor of B a r k sd a le N ueces 
Canyon, 63, 6-4. 

U IL S T A T E T E N N IS 
Here are S a tu rd a y 's Fin al R e ­ su lts of the U IL State T e n n is 
Tournam ent in Austin: 
A A A A Singles 
A n g e la B o rtze n , F o rt W o rth 
P a sc h a l, def. S u s a n F a n c h e r , 
Beaum ont Frenct, 6-4, 6-2. 
A A A A Doubles 
Susie Low and Jan Joh ansen, 
D a lla s H ighland P a rk, def. M a r y 
Jo G la m m a lva and E v a B ra n isa , 
Houston M em orial, 6-4, 6-4, 
A A A Singles 
P a m H ill, B e a u m o n t S o u th 
P a r k , det. 
T e r e s a 
C a r g il l , 
Brow nfield, 6-3, 6-3. 
A A A Doubles 
E l s a F H in o io s a a n d D ia n a 
H in o jo sa, F a lfu rria s , def. Jon i 
R u sse ll and Su zie A d a m s, A n ­ drew s, 6-1, 4 6, 6-3. 
AA Singles 
Su san Jungm an, Prem ont, def. 
Cathy Hill, G ladew ater, 4-6, 6-2, 
6- 1. 
A A Doubles 
D a rle n e Taft and D ia n e S e n ­ te rfitt, S a n S a b a . def. P a m 
A d rian and M a rsh a , Dove, Van , 
7-6, 6-3. 
A Singles 
So n ia H u tc h e rso n , M e m p h is , def. Ronda Reane Phillips, Sh a l­ lowater, 6-o, 6-2. 
A Doubles 
D e b b ie F u c h s a n d A lic e M i kulencak. Thrall, def. D e b ra B i­ shop and Kathy Robinson, M a r ­ fa, 7-6, 3-6. 6-3. . 
B Singles 
Joh ann a Barton, H ig gin s, def. 
M a rc ia Nichols, Fo rsa n , 6-4, 7-6,. 
B Doubles 
R o s e m a r y 
S c h u lt e a n d 
R o c h e lle P o h lm e ie r, N a za re th , def. M e la n ie Je ssu p a n d K e lly 
Vernor, Nueces C a n io n , 6-3, 6-4. 

A lb an y, 5 7. 2, S h a ro n N tehoes, 
W all, 5 5 3, E u g e n ia Lie b e ru m , 
Thrall. 5 3. 4, T e rn Kvapil, W all. 
5 2. 5, Dollic A d am s. Schu lenburg. 
S I. 6, D a rio Holder, Albany, S I. 
Triple lum p 
I, Bobbie Ballard . 
S p r in g H ill, 37 7. 2. S h a n n o n 
M c G o w a n , S o u t h la k e C a r r o ll, 
36 I ' 4. 3, C h e ry l Jo n e s, R o ta n . 
36 I 1?. 4, Lounet'te A d k in s , P e frolic, 36 T 4. 5, Patricia Peterson, 
In d u stria l, 35o 
6 , K im S tru b hart, Riviera, 34-7. 
44 y a rd relay. I, K a rn a ck , 48.9, 
P a t r ic ia W a sh in g to n . C a r o ly n 
Jackson, R egina V au gh n s, Lin d a 
T h o m a s, new c la ss re co rd , old record 49.1, Pflugerville, 1975. 2, 
P a d u c a h , 49 9. 3, B ig L a k e 
Reagan County, 49 9. 4, O re City. 
49 I 5, Bovino. 49.2. 6, Southlake 
Carroll, 49.5. 
88o 
I. Bonnie M onn, Charlotte, 
2:17.1, new c l a s s r e c o r d , o ld r e c o r d 2:22.4, M a r ily n C la ir e 
W h ip p le . W h ite w rig h t, 1975. 2, 
Patti E m e ry, New Deal, 2:2o 7. 3, 
L a u ra E llio tt, Ira a n , 2:2o.8. 4. 
Debbie Smith, Robert Lee, 2.21.2. 
5. Judy Schaefer. Sabinal, 2:27.5. 
6 . Sue Knight. Howe, 2:28.3 
44o 
I, Ire n e M o c z y g e m b o . 
F a lls City. 57.8. 2, M e lin d a D o r oa k, J o u rd a n to n , 58.1. 3, L is a 
G a rn e r, Ira a n , 58.2. 4, S a n d r a 
M im s , 
M a r t , 
59.1. 
5, 
K a t y 
Whitfield Crowell, 59.2. 6, Lvnelte 
W arhol, Brem ond, 59.4. 
22o: I, Lind a Thom as. K a rn a ck , 
25.o. 2, G lv n a Beaty, Stratford , 
25.5. 3, Bobbie Ballard, Lon gvie w 
Sp rin g Hill, 25.7, 4, N odio V au ghn. 
P a d u c a h , 25.9 5, E u n ic e E d wards, El M aton Tidehave, 26 5. 6 , 
Lois Bedford, Snook, 26.1. 
C lass B 
H ig h ju m p 
I, S y lv ia T e lle r, 
A n th o n y , 53. 2, A m y W a rr e n , 
G orm an, 5-3. 3, R hond a E d w a rd s, 
Santo, 4 IO. 4. E la n e Tuttle, W h i­ teface, 4-1o 5, L ish a G ilder, Col m esneil, 4-8. 6 , Je a n n e H o r n s , 
Gunter, 4-8 
T rip le jum p: I, R e n o B u tle r. 
C o lm e s n e il. 37-o new d o s s record, old record 369 
Belinda 
R o w a ld t, M ile s, 1976 2, C in d y 
K im b ro w . M id la n d G re e n w o o d , 
35-7 3, L in d a V au gh n , Silverton, 
35 I. 4, R u th E v e re tt, S a la d o , 
34-911. 5, Rhonda E d w a rd s, Santo, 
34-9. 6, D va n n D a vis. C addo M ills, 
33-9 ?. 
Shot put: I, B e c k y H a r d in g , 
L e v e re tt's Chapel, 41 P i. 2, An- 

■ 

- 

I rn g n i rn W 

JTDit f ill 
F R A N C E S P U N C H of Fort W o rth sets n a tio n a l record in one-m ile relay event ap wirephoto 

 nette Nester, D H a m s. 4 o -8 'z. 3, 
K a y C o llie r , N u e c e s C a n y o n , 
38-6'4. 4, M o r s h a M e a d o w s, Pa radise, 36-9J«. 5, G e rm a in e Pohl meir, Nazareth, 36-5'z. 6, V ickilie 
Cobern, Paint Rock, 35-8-j. 
44o vo rd dash: I, E lisa M a rtin ­ ez. M a r a t h o n . 56.5. new c la s s record, old record 56.8, Elizabeth 
M o rris. Santa Anna, 1976. 2, Olga 
Luna, Anton, 58 6 3, K aty C a rro l 
Leonard, Jonesboro, 58.7. 4, D en ise Fritz, H a rp e r, 58.9. 5, Ja n ie 
Kellar, C raw ford, 59.3. 6 , N o n c v 
Chaney. C um by, 6o.o. 
8o h u rd le s . I, L is a M u e r e r . 
W in d th o rst, IO 5. 2, A nn e tte R i­ chey. Utaopia, 1o.8 3, Bonito Wii 
Hams, M ilano, 1o.8. 4, Sonyo F u rr, 
New Castle, 11.o. 5, D on na W right, 
Ja y to n G ira rd . 11.o. 6 . A nnette 
Johnson, C om o Pickton, 11.1. 
22o 
I, Sa n d ra W eaver, Sudan, 
25.o, ties old record, M a rsh a T o l­ ley, G a rd e n City, 1973. 2, L u c y 
Thixton, F o rsa n , 25.3. 3, L in d a 
H e n ry , C e le ste . 25.4 
4 . M a r ia 
Teresa V illarre al, Paw nee. 25.5. 
5. Betty G ail P llu g h au p t, F a y e t­ teville. 26.1. 6, Julie Skelton. G o ­ ree, 26.2. 

WE BUY 
COMMERCIAL PROPERTY 

W e are looking for a highly lever­ aged income - producing business property. $ 4 o,ooo.oo 
Available for down payment 
- principals only. 

Contact Dennis Snell 

COMMERCIAL PROPERTY CONSULTANTS 
5412 B R O A D W A Y 
8 2 8 -6 1 2 5 

MOTHER’S DAY SPECIAL 
I) \ 
* s 
•» 
4 Cr >' 
’ < v- ‘f 
* t ■> 
^« t t* 
TODAY, 14 P.M. LAST DAY TO RECEIVE 
C f i 
IN FREE 
# # ACCESSORIES* 
*TO THE M OM WHO H T S "D A O '' BUY AH Y HEW BR A D Y RIC 

SPoRTCRAFT TRI-HULL 

WALKTHRU W INDSHIELD* UPHOLSTERED HEIS­ 
MAN SEATS ★ FIRE EXTINGUISHER ★ TWO BOW 
STORAGE BOXES WITH UPHOLSTERED SEATS. 
5o HP FULL ELECTRIC 
MERCURY OUTBOARD 

SINGLE LEVER REMOTE CONTROL * 
TANK ★ BATTERY & BATTERY BOX 
GAS 

I 

SKIPPER B TIPPER (EASY 
LOAD) GALVANIZED TRAILER 

ALL N ECESSARY RU N N IN G LIGHTS ★ TIE 
DO W N S 
SUGGESTED RETAIL 3767.27 

WALK THRU W INDSHIELD ★ UPHOLSTERED 
HELSMAN SEATS * FIRE EXTINGUISHER. 

4o HP FULL ELECTRIC 
MERCURY OUTBOARD 

SINGLE LEVER REMOTE CONTROL * G AS 
TANK ★ BATTERY & BATTERY BOX. 
SKIPPER B TIPPER (EASY 
LOAD) GALVANIZED TRAILER 

ALL N ECESSA RY RU N N IN G LIGHTS ★ TIE 
| 
DO W N S 
I 
SUGGESTED RETAIL 3527.35 
*2688 
. (LIMITED TO CURRENT INVENTORY) 

BRADY’S 
( 
A 
P 
A 
H 
"MOM'S DAY" 
▼ r n K 
W 
W 
SPECIAL: 
■ 
J 
O 
O 
(LIMITED TO CURRENT INVENTORY) 
GALAXY YAMHILL 1/o BoWRIDER 
INCLUDES# TOP ★ HORN ★ FIRE EXTINGUISHER * 
BUILT-IN-ALUMINUM GAS TANK ★ STERN SEATS ★ SUGGESTED RETAIL 
WALK-THRU WINDSHIELD ★ BOW CUSHIONS ★ 
WALK-THRU CURTAIN * 12o HP MERC-CRUISER I/O 
WITH FULL INSTRUMENT PANEL ★ POWER TRIM * 
BILGE PUMP ★ BILGE BLOWER * BATTERY ★ 
SKIPPER B GALVANIZED CUSTOM DRIVE-ON TRAILER 
WITH ALL LIGHTS. 

$6152.12 
★ NEW FACTORY 
CLOSE-OUTS WITH 
SLIGHT IM PERFEC­ 
T IO N S A A R R IE S 
STANDARD FACTORY 
WARRANTY. 

BRADY'S “ MOM S DAY’’ LOW! 
*4688 
(LIMITED TO CURRENT INVENTORY) 

LET THE "BRADY BUNCH" SAVE YOU HUNDREDS OF DOLLARS 

★ LOW DOWN PAYMENT 
★ BANK RATE FINANCING 
★ UP TO FIVE YEARS 
TO PAY 
STORE HRS. 
WEEKDAYS: 9-7 P.M. 
SATURDAY: 9-4 P.M. 
SUNDAY: 1-6 P.M. 

 v 
I 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday May 8 1977 

 obears 
NATIONAL 
HoNe mtdffiMenT 
SAVE 3o% on 
Hearthside cabinets 

* l l 
* 

\ r \ 
^ VvX'r 

H a r d w o o d d o o r s , d r a w e r f r o n t s and frames stained in light pecan fin ish for the look of country. An- tique-style brass-metal hardware. 

Save 1o% on 
Mediterranean style cabinets 

T h e l o o k o f p l a n k s w i t h a rc h e s. Brow n wood-tone stain is highlighted by s m a r t a n t i q u e hardware. 

 r SAVE *6o 
*■? 
Kenmore dishwashers with pot and pan cycle 

Built-in, white and colors 
R egular $2 7 9 .9 5 
Convertible portable, white 
R egular $ 2 9 9 .9 5 

$ 2 1 9 « 8 $ 2 3 9 

Installation extra 
Colors extra 

76o51 

Pushbutton controls give you the choice of 
Sani*cycle, pot-pan, normal wash, light wash, rin se/hold. Power Miser switch for a choice of hot or cool drying temperature. 

Sale prices thru May 31 

6 6 5 5 

Sears Best Vfe-HP disposer unit 
7Q88 
Reg. $99.99 i 37 

I'Atru-ileep bluntie.** steel jjr iii iii n g e h a in b e r i* so u n d -in su la ted . 

SAVE 1/3 

Your choice 1999 

•aril 

A. Craftsinan variahle-speetl drill 
Beguine *29.99. Develops nutxiiiiiuii \\ 
o-12oo rpm. Reversible, loo. 

B. Craftsman dual-art ion sander 
Regular *29.99. Develops maximum !; 
4ooo spin. Migh-impaet housing. 

C. Craftsman varialdr-sprrd sabre saw 
R egular *29.99. Develops maximum '£ HP, 
o-32oo spin. '•‘-in. blade stroke. 

NP 

HP 

I 

$ 1.69 sabre saw blade...$ I 
$ 4 .4 9 7-pe. drill 
$ | 
<lrill bit set...2 .9 9 bit set... 15.99 

 is . 

 a s s s s a a 

$ 6 .1 9 I 5-pr. s c r e w tim c r hit a u d s o e k c l se I. 

79* s a n d i n g s h e e ts 
(I ,M,P .)...2 /9 9 

Craftsman 1o-in. table saw 

SAVE *8o 
279 95 

Regular *359.95. Outfit includes m otor that d ev elo p s 2 H P, 2 formed steel table extensions, and leg set. Comes partially assembled. 
Sale prices I lim May I I 

I I T 
‘''vr~'fisl 
■ LATEX ■ tan moss 

^ ^ > 1 o o 5 

 on the 

Save s4 on flat or semi gloss 
99 

SAVE $5 
W eatherbeater 

 with 5 -way warranty 

Si 

Your choice g a l- 

*11.99 Easy Living flat 
• (hovers iii one coat, w ashable 
• 25 colors as shown on color card 
*1 1.99 ceiling [ta in t........................7 ^ 

 s11.99 Sears Best semi-gloss 
• W ashable, one-coat coverage 
• 25 colors as show n on color card 

8 99 

VERBEo 
IE ORD TRIAL 
C LATEX PR|n’ 

Limited warranty 
Sears paints, when applied according to directions, will cover any color with one coat (except rough or textured surfaces) where indicated by checkmark in the chart and have the qualities indicated for the years shown in the chart, or contact Sears and you get necessary additional paint or your money back. 
* 
This warranty does not include labor or cost of labor for the application of any paint. 

 gal. 

• R egular * 1 3 .9 9 

• Covers any color in one coal 
• W ashable and stain resistant 
• Non-yellowing, mildew resistant 
• Available in 5o decorator colors. 

$ 1 3 .9 9 Oil base house paint...9.99 

Sale pricer on paints thru May 31 

Interior paints 

F a in t No, 
I 
C oat 
W a d a b le 
C o lo rfast 
S tain rem oval 
S pot re .i-ta n l 
D u ra­ bility 
91oo5 
/ 
8 yrs. 
8 yrs. 
8 yrs. 
8 yrs. 
8 yrs. 
78oo5 
/ 
6 yrs. 
6 yrs. 
6 yrs. 
6 yr*. 
6 yrs. 
8ooo5 

Paint >o. 
I Coat 
W ashable 
No Chalk 
Staining 
Nan 
Yellowing 
Stain 
Resistant 
33oo5 
✓ 
5 yrs. 
5 yrs. 
5 yrs. 
5 yrs. 

UtbTflat 
Wall paint 

Sears 

Save *1oo. I HP paint sprayer 
SALE 
2 3 9 " 
6.9 SCFM at 4o PSI, IOO 
PSI maximum. 

8 o oo5 
Sears latex interior flat 

Reg. * 3 .o 7 2 97*.L 
Interior flat paint dries quickly, tools clean up with soap, water. IO colors. 

Where America shops 
Paint sprayer «u» sale thru May 28 

SAVE *15 on gas water heater with new energy-saving setting 

Save *2o on 2o-in. decorator vanity in two styles. 

R egular $ 8 6 .9 9 
Faucet extra 
6699 

Put high fashion into your bath or powder room with this 2o-in. vanity in white or woodtone moisture re­ sistant finish and white china top. 

SALE 
88 
99 
3o-gal. size 
Regular $ 114.99 

Features an energy conservation setting on the therm ostat that’s factory cali­ brated to heat water to the lowest water tem perature accept­ able for automatic clothes washers and dishwashers. Glass- lined, fiber glass in­ su lated tank. 

$ 1 2 4 .9 9 , 4 o gal. gas* w ater heater 1o9.88 

$ 1 3 9 .9 9 , 5 o gal. gas w ater heater 124.88 

Save $1oo on high capacity water softener 

R egular 
$ 3 9 9 .9 9 299 
88 

Handles water with up to 7o hardness grains per gallon. Ex­ tra high capacity of 
21,ooo grains per day. 
Features a fiber glass resin tank. 

Full one year warranty on water heater 
For one year from date of purchase, when your Sears glass-lined water heater is installed and operated in accordance with the instructions, Sears will: 
1. Repair defects in material or workmanship, free of charge: 
2. Furnish and install a new current model water heater of equal capacity and quality, free of charge, if a leak occurs in the tank. 

Limited warranty on tanks that teak 
After one year and until period of time stated from the date of purchase, if a leak occurs in the tank, we will furnish a new current model water heater of equal capacity and quality. Installation extra. 
To obtain service under these warranties, simply con­ tact your nearest Sears store. 

Sale prices thru May 31 

SEARS, ROEBUCK AND CO. 

Satisfaction Guaranteed or Your Money Back 

. 
' 
' i 

Downtown Plaza Store 
Soledad at Navarro 
Mon. and Thur*. 9 :3 o -9 
AU other day* 9:3o-6 

Military Drive Store at Pleasanton Rd. 
Mon. thru Sat. 
9:3o-9 

Central Pari: Store 
San Pedro at Loop 4 1 o 
Mon. thru Sat. 
9:3o-9 

— — NEIGH BOR HOOD STORES (m ost items and services shown also at Neighborhood stores)— 
. 
Valley-Hi 
9 6 2 Bandera Rd. Harry Wurtbach at 18oo S.W.W. White Rd. 
Universal City 
6 7 4 -5 5 1 1 
432-2 3 9 1 
Kit Omao 8 2 6 -9 5 7 8 
3 3 3 -2 9 1 o 
1633 Pat Booker Rd. 
658-7491 

O iitd o o rs i for kids 
May 21 

The 1977 annual Kids’ Fishing 
Contest has been set for May 21, tournament chairman Perry Sa­ muels has announced. 
Sponsors have added an age division to the contest. This year youngsters 5 through 14 will compete in five age divisions, 5-B, 7-8, 9-1o, 11-12 and 13-i4. 
Spin-casting rods and reels will be aw arded to the first, second and third-place winners in each of the five age divisions. 
In addition, trophies will be awarded to contestants who catch the heaviest individual fish and the heaviest string of fish 

O rp h a n s 

San Antonio orphans will be guests of tournament sponsors. The orphan who catches the largest fish will be awarded a trophy. 
The tourn am en t will be held at 
Lam bert Beach on the San Antonio 
River in Brackenridge Park from 8:3o to ll a.m. May 21. 
Entry blanks will be distributed to schools and will be available in copies of the Express and News. There will be no entry fee. 
Sponsors of the tournament arc the 
San Antonio Parks and Recreation De­ partment, Anglers Club and Express and News. 
Approximately 1.ooo youngsters dre expected to participate. 

Extended hunt 

AUSTIN — Mule deer hunting will be limited to only nine days in the 
Trans-Pecos this year, but an extended hunt for whitetails — Dee. 5-Jan. I — will be permitted in Jeff Davis, Pecos and Terrell Counties, plus Val Verde 
County west of the Pecos River. Both mule and white-tailed deer will be legal from Nov. 2o through Dec. 4. 

TTHA meet set 

The San Antonio chapter of the Tex­ as Trophy Hunters Association will hold a meeting al o:3o p.m. Tuesday at 
Canyon Creek Country Club. D. E. 
Harmel. biologist with the Parks and 
Wildlife Department, will give a slide presentation on the department’s spike buck study in Kerr County. 

T i m e s 
& T ides 

T I D E S 
Port Aransas 
M a y 8 
M<jv 9 
Lo 
1:13 a.m. 
Lo 2 1 5 6 
Hi 
9 : 4 1 p .m . 
Hi 1 o :2 8 4 . Bi. 
Lo 
— 
LO 6:o3.4 an. 
Hi 
— 
Hi 
7.29 p .to 
- 
Port Isabel 
M ay 8 
M a y 9 
Lo 
1:53 a.m. 
Lo 3:oo a.m. 
Hi ll 54 a.m. 
I 12:47 p.rn 
Lo 
4 19 p.rn 
L o 5 27 p m 
Hi 
8.34 p.rn 
Hi 1o:36p.r». 

S U N R I S E - S U N S E T 
M a y 8 
M a y 9 
Rise 6:46 a rn. Rise 6:46 o.m 
Set 8:15 p.m. 
Set 8: 15 p.m. 

M O O N R I S E -M O O N S E T 
M a y 8 
M a y 9 
Rise 12 44 a m. 
Rise 1:31 a.m. 
Set 11:53 a.m. 
Set 12:55 p m. 

M O O N P H A S E S 
New moon: M a y 18 
First quarter: MOV 26 
Full moon: June I 
Last quarter: 
M a y IO 
______ 
_____ 

Fisherman from fish’s 

San Antonio EXPRES S -N E W S — Sunday M ay 8 I 9 7 7 
Contest 

 viewpoint 

Photographer Glenn Lau of Florida takes some magnificent underwater pictures of black bass. Many of the still photos have appeared in national m agazines, while his movie film s were used in “ The Fisherm an” TV series. 
One of these clays I’m going to put Lait on the rack and make him divulge all his secret techniques, because it’s obvious that 
I’ve got a lot to learn about underwater photography. 

I’ve gut something to learn about water clarity, too. I decided to try taking my underwater photos in a section of the Sabinal River where the water is crystal clear. 
At least it appears crystal clear to the eye. The camera lens doesn’t agree. In fact, the photographs make the water appear choked with sediment. 
Camera 

I did my photography with a compact, waterproof camera called the Nikonos. It’s a handy little out­ fit. I gave it to my wife one day last summer so that she could get some pictures of a rubber raft trip she and daughter Jennie took down one of the Whitewater rivers in Colora­ do. 
She snapped off a whole roll and film and didn’t get a single picture. 
I had loaded the camera wrong. And she has newer let me forget it. 
Anyway, u nderw ater photo­ graphy, like* wildlife photography, is a real challenge. Too bad I ha­ ven’t mastered either. 
There are hundreds of good w ild­ life photographers around today. 
Anyone with a telephoto lens and a lot of patience can get some good pictures of birds or animals if they devote some time to the project, and excellent scenic shots require noth­ ing more than a normal lens. 
Guide 
Many am ateurs in the field of photography, and I consider myself in that category, become thoroughly confused when one starts talking 
“ advanced” photography . . . an­ ything above and beyond the whieh-button-do-you-push question. 
Some of the books and articles 
I’ve tried to read on the subject only add to the confusion because half the time I need un explanation (ti' the explanation 
There is a new book off the presses, however, which c o m e s about as close as any I have seen to giving an amateur picture taker a q u i c k lesson iii and a reference to the finer points of professional pho­ tography. 
The* book is entitled li c h t (,uiilr to On (floor P h o to g ra p h y . It was written by C. Boyd Pfeiffer and published by Staekpole, Cameron and Kelker Streets. Harrisburg. Pa. 

171o5. The price of the 224-page, pocket-size book is $2.95. 

M a te ria l 

There is a tremendous amount of material crammed into the book. 
Pfeiffer, a full-tim e freelance writer and phtographer, does an excellent job of condensing infor­ mation on cameras, films and ac­ cessories. 
The book covers camera types, sizes, costs, controls, durability factors, meters, aperture, shutter speeds, films, lenses, filters, tri­ pods, flash units, flashphotography, moisture, heat, cold, composition, techniques and cam era d ean in g and care. 
The book is illustrated with pho­ tographs of some build-them- yourself accessories for the person who really gets serious about taking pictures. 
There’s one chapter that 9o per cent of the amateurs ought to read. 
It concerns composition. Instama- ties and Polaroids take very good pictures as far as quality is con­ cerned; it’s the guy who pushes the button who messes up, usually by getting so far away from his subject that a gnat blocks out a six-pound bass or so close that he chops off the head of the fisherm an and two pounds of the fish. 

P ro g re s s 
Anyway, we all have problems of one kind or another with our pic­ tures, and mine are not confined to the camera, the* film or the subject. 
I showed my first underwater ef­ forts to the wife and modestly com­ mented that they leave something to be desired . . . like detail, sharp­ n e s s . etc. 
“Well, you’re making progress,” she said. “At least you learned how to load film in your camera.” 

M A U R IC E S U M M E R S of San A n to n io p la y s a la rg e m o u th b a ss in this p h o to ta k e n with an u n d e rw a te r cam e ra. The lens of the ca m e ra w a s p a rtia lly s u b m e r g e d for the a b o v e / b e ­ lo w surface effect. The picture w a s ta k e n in the S a b in a l River. 
PHOTO BY DAN KLEPPER 

DAN K L E P P E R 

OUTDOOR EDITOR 
^ 

! Cormock- Jim Wright 
ATHLETIC CLUB 

Conference starts Monday 

Conservationists, professional hunters and artists from Africa, Cana­ da. South America and the United 
Slates will attend the sixth Interna­ tional Hunters’ and Fishermen’s Con­ ference in San Antonio this week. 
The conference gets under way at 
9:3o a.iii. Monday in the Convention 
C enter Banquet Hall and will run through Friday. 

CBS-TV will film the scheduled de­ bate on gun control Tuesday afternoon during the conference for a segment of 
“ Sixty Minutes.” The gun control de­ bate will be moderatedby attorney 
Donald E. Santareili of Washington. 
Debating for gun control will be 
Nelson 
P. 
Shields of 
Washing­ ton, director of the Council to Cont­ rol Handguns, and Chief of Police 
Josepn ;Vie.\amara of San Jose, Calif. 
Debating against gun control will be 
Harlon Carter, former executive dir­ ector of the National Rifle Associa­ tion’s Institute for Legislative Action, and Neal Knox, editor of Bandleader and Rifle Magazines. 

Speakers for the conference include 
Dr. Jam es Teer of Texas A&M Uni- 
LEASE 

I 
Q 
7 
7 
CoUPE l y i I 
D E V I L L E 

226-7221 

 versify; Robert Herbst, assistant se­ cretary of Interior, division of parks, wildlife and fisheries; John Spinks,. chief of endangered species, U.S. Fish and Wildlife; John Hurd, former U.S. ambassador to South Africa; and Dr. 
Frank Carlton, president of the Na­ tional Coalition for Marine Conserva­ tion. 

One of the highlights of the confer­ ence vv ill be an exhibit of more than $2 million in wildlife paintings and bronzes. 

1’he exhibit will be open to the public only from 2 to 9 p.m. Wednesday. Ad­ mission w ill be $2 per person. 

A r t i s t s Bob Kuhn and Terry Math­ ews of Kenya, Kim Brooks of England and Vie Herbs of South Africa will ex­ hibit their works. 

Other artists and sculptors include 
Robert Glen, Simon Combes, Very I 
Goodnight, Bob Wolf, Peter Corbin, 
Tom and Doris Tisehler, Jack Putnam and Harry Antis. 

Some art will be available for pur­ chase. 

WILDLIFE p ain tin g s a n d b ro n z e s v a lu e d a t m o re th a n $2 m illion w ill b e on d isp lay in San A ntonio this w e e k d u rin g th e In te rn a tio n a l Hunters* an d F ish erm en ’s C on ference 

WE ARE THE PROFESSIONALS 
Over 4o? The Best Time Of Your life, lf? lf You Are Active— 
Through our program of testing and evaluating, you will be pro­ grammed, according to your personal needs and medical background, to lose or gain weight, improve your cardivascular ef­ ficiency, develop endurance, muscular strength, and most im­ portant, lots of Vim and Vigor. Don’t wait, phone us today. 
MEMBERSHIPS AVAILABLE 
DISCOVER NAUTILUS! 
|4731 RUHMAN RD. 3 BUS. EAST OF IH35 NORTH 
656-1241 
. 
656-1242 
AS i 

OPEN 6 DAYS A WEEK 
M O N .-FRI. 
6 :3 o A .M .-9 P.M. 
SATURDAY 
8 :3 o A .M .-6 P.M . 

GENIE® a good w ay to get in . . . when if s unsafe to get out! 

S uperb styling. I / 3 H.P. ra te d . Screw d riv e 
M595o 
»/4 H.P. rated 
Chain drive 

D iscove r w h y fe atu re s • Superb styling. like these h a v e m a d e e W o rm screw d rive m y ^ lu te d 
G e n ie * the w o rld ’s e Built-in tim e 
# j faste st se llin g g a ra g e d e la y c Solid stat*, m !r * V '*e do or opener syste m s. 
(G S 4 5 o M O D E L O N L Y ) 
Certified to comply V ith % .C .C regulations 

USE OUR EASY PAY PLAN-3 EQUAL PAYMENTS 

WITH NO INTEREST OR CARRYING CHARGES 
Your Garage Door Headquarters since 1947 

HOLLYWOOD CRAWFORD DOOR C 
13811 SAN PEDRO 
494 

• W e service what we sell • 

$239? 

$11,222.oo RETAIL 
PRICE/STK. 
#J737 y> 
MONTHS <S> $239.oo MO. - $8,6o4.oo; $933.48 
CASH DoWN/No PURCHASE OPTION; CLOSED- 
END LEASE/NO LEASE END LIABILITY 

BOB BECKETT 
LEASE MGR. 

AUTOMATIC OARAGE 
DOOR OPENER SYSTEM 

SEE & COMPARE! 
PRICES INCLUDE: 
• INSTALLATION WITH 
ONE TRANSMITTER 
FULL ONE-YEAR WARRANTY 

Son Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday May 8 I 977 

 censer 
SALE! Save $8 
Sears 48 battery 
Maintenance-free, you never acid water 

 r v AN E X C E P T IO N A L k 
WatDDBP 
Regular ?3 9 .9 9 
3 1 99 

 w ith 

 tru<le-iu 

Save s4o on Sears 4o-ehannel FM /C B 
139" 

FM /CB stand-by lets you nionitor C B while listen­ ing to FM . Rotary volume a|nd tone controls. 

$26.99 rear deek-inoiint antenna . . 2 1 ” 

$ 14.99 C B speakers ..................... 11.99 

(F C C license required fo r C B ) 

B a tte ry p e rfo rm a n ce ch aracteristics rated fo r p o w er acco rd ­ ing to B a tte ry C o u n cil In te rn a tio n a l standards (G r o u p 2 4 C ) 

C o ld f r e a k i n g p o w e r 
R eserv e r a p a c i ty 
A m p . h o u r r a p a c i ty 
N u m b e r o f plat** 

41o am ps. 
1o7 m in u tes 
67 
66 

Has cold cranking power (41o amps.) to help give fast starting and reserve capacity (1o7 minutes) for accessories (Group 24C). 
Free check of starting/charging systems. And remember you will never have to worry about adding water again! Fit most Ameri­ can-made cars. 

Ask about Sears D ie lla rd ' battery . . . now also 

 availab le fo r Volksw agens and M arin e use 

VALUE t WEEK 

Save *3 on 
Ileavy-duty shocks 

R p r . 
$7.99 4 " 
J U each 

1/2 OFF oil filters 

Reg. 
81.99 99 

Full-flow design fil­ ters all the oil before it reaches engine. 
Safety by-pass valve. 

L im it 12 to custo m er 

 lim ited warranty on muffler for aa long aa you own the vehicle 

 lf the muffler for American made cars fails while the original purchaser owns the car. it will be replaced upon return, free of charge, or we will refund the purchase price, lf the defective muffler was installed by Sears, we will install the new muffler with no charge for labor lf the defective muller was not installed by Sears, installa­ tion of the replacement muffler is not in­ cluded under this warranty 

The aluminized m uffler tough enough to be sold by Sears 

R esists ru st- cau sin g m o is­ ture! Fit over 9 o % o f Am eri­ can-made cars. Fast, low-cost installation available. 
1899 

R eg u lar $ 1 .1 9 

 pow er m ow er oil 

S A L E 9 9 * 2o "*■ 
Meets m anufacturer*’ rec­ omm endations for 4-cycle lawn m ower engines. 

Champion spark plugs 

Sears price 
. 69c each 
They help give good en­ gine perform ance. 

[Non-resister type 

W arranted as long as yo u own y o u r car! 1%6-in. pistons 
— la rg e r th a n on most standard new car shocks. F it most 
A m e r ic a n- m ad e cars, imports, pick­ up trucks and vans. 
Fast, I ow-cost in ­ stallation available. 

 lim ited warranty on Heavy-duty shock absorber for as long as you own the vehicle 

 lf Heavy-duty shock absorber fails while the original purchaser owns the car, it will be replaced upon re­ turn, free of charge, or the purchase price will be re­ funded. lf the defective shock absorber was installed by Sears, we will install the new shock absorber with no charge for labor. II the defective shock absorber was not installed by Sears, installation of the replace­ ment shock absorber is not included under this war- ranty. This warranty coes not cover shock absorbers installed rn vehicles used for com m eroialpurposes. 

 s5 off Booster shocks 
249,9 

H elp im prove control in front; help prevent sway in rear. F it most 
American-made ears. 

Automotive Prices Good thru M ay 14th 

Radials for compacts and sports cars 

Y O U R C H O IC E 

8 8 

S A V E * 2 6 t o on this 4o,ooo mile double steel 
■J 
.. • 
... 
' '.Im- > w*. 
•rXHUMaAi-T. 
< ‘ 

 a * 
29 belted radial in setsM4 

 p lu s 
F.E.T. 

Give your compact or sub­ com pact c a r that s h a rp , sporty look with this rugged radial tire! 2 fiberglass belts. 

Nears G u a r d s m a n 
S p o r t R a d ia l a n d o ld tire 
N ears p r ie r b lac k v* all piu* 
F I T . 

155-15 6 .o o -1 2 
2 8 .8 8 
2 1 7 

165-13 5 .6 o -1 3 
2 9 .8 8 
1.67 

1 7 5 -1 4 6 .9 5 - 1 4 
2 9 .8 8 
2 .o 7 

155-15 5 .6 o -1 5 
2 9 .8 8 
1.91 

165-15 6 .o o -1 5 
2 9 .8 8 
2 .o 3 

UJ >>Yv 

Com plete B rak e Jo b s 

Our best 
4-ply 

24,ooo mile warranty. 
Strong polyester cord body plies. Low prices! 

F ro n t and R e a r D rum 
99 
79 

S a v e * 1o 
F ro n t D isc- R e ar D rum 

Regular $89.99 

YOUR CHOICE 

C o m p a r e — H e re * * W h a t U » u G e l . 
. . 

C o m p le t e B r a k e J o b In c lu d e * : 

► T u rn a ll d ru m s; m achin e or re su rface rotor* 
I In s ta ll custom gro u nd A L L N E W S H O E S or 
A L L N E W D IS C P A D S on I w heel* 
► R e b u ild a ll w heel cy lin d e rs a n d /o r calip e r* 
► In s ta ll A L L N E W re tu rn and hold-dow n spring- 
In s ta ll N E W ' fro n t o il seal* 

S ear# 
D ynaply»24 a n d o ld tir e 

S oar# p ric e w h ite w a ll alai 
F.E.T. 
A78-13 
28.oo 
1.72 
B78-13 
3o.oo 
1.82 
E78-14 
33.oo 
2.23 
F78-14 
34.oo i i i f 
G78-14 
35.oo i i i 
G78-I5 
39.oo 
2.59 
H78-15 
41.oo 
2.79 
L78-15 
43.oo 
3.o9 

• W arranted for 4o,9oo miles 

• Rig Havings on single tires Hid pairs 

• 2 steel belts plus 2 p o ly e s t e r radial 

 plies for great overall perform ance 

Sears Steel Guardsman Radial combines the strength of steel with the responsive handling characteristics of radial design. Tile belts and plies help dissipate heat and keep the tread flat against the road for stability and traction. 

Soars Stool 
G u a rd sm a n R adial a n d old tiro 

R egular price ca. w hitew all 

Sale p rice oa. w h itew all 

 pin* 
F .E .T , aa. tire 
AR78-I3 
44.52 
37.84 
1.99 
B R 78-13 
47.22 
4o l l 
2.o6 
DR78-14 
49.83 
44.** I 
2.38 
KR78-14 
53.83 
45 .7 6 
2.47 

FR78-14 
57 19 
48 61 
“ 2.65 ” 
GR78-14 
62.o2 
52.7 J 
2.85 
HR78-14 
67.58 
57 ti 
3.o4 
GR78-15 
65.7o 
55.85 
.! 'MI 

HR78-15 
69.81 
59.34 
> I! 
LR78-15 
84.56 
TO U t 
3.44 

 v lin a e r ann re ar w heel *eal* b rak e assem bly 

R e p a c k fro n t w heel bearing * 
In sp ect m aster c y lin d e r and 
In sp ect p a rk in g b rak e assent 
In sp ect a il h y d ra u lic lines 
F lu s h , b le e d h y d r a u lic s y s te m 

R o a d test car 
1o% OFF 

Glass fiber shingles 

W;hen Installed by Sears! 

Sears highway passenger tire warranty 

Full warranty during first 25% of uaabla treadlife lf the tire fails apparently due to a defect in material or workmanship during the first 25% of the original usable tread (original tread less 2/32"), Sears will replace the tire, free of charge, or refund the purchase price. 
Limited warranty 
Tire failure, lf the fire fails apparently due to a defect in material or workmanship after 25% of the tread is worn, and for the remaining 75% of the original usable tread, Sears will replace the tire or give you a refund, charging you only the proportion of the current price plus Federal Excise Tax that represents the portion of the usable tread used. 
Tread wearout. lf the tread wears out (2/32" or less remaining) before you receive the miles specified, 
Sears will, at its option, either replace the tire or give a refund, charging in either case the proportion of the current price plus Federal Excise Tax that represents the ratio of miles of usage actually re­ ceived to the miles specified. This does not apply to wearout caused by improper inflation, misalign­ ment, or failure to use and maintain the tire as recommended. 
To obtain warranty service, simply return the tire to th* nearest Sears store throughout the United States. 

 l ire Prices 

Good thru 

May 28th 

Where America shops 

Class ‘A ’ fire rating 

Modern glass fiber roofing shingle in popular 3-tab design utilizes the sun’s heat to help seal shingles down tightly. Provides outstanding dura­ bility and long life. Resist buckling, curling, blistering. Fire and wind re­ sistant. 

Call for Free Estim ate 
Downtown Plaza 
228-4164 
M ilitary Drive 
228-5o64 
Central Park 
228-5164 

Building M aterials and Fencing Prices Good thru M ay 31st 

Ask about Sears credit plans 

Downtown Plaza Store 
Military Dr. Store 
Central Park Store al Pleasanton Rd. 
San Pedro at Loop HO 

.-sSVsw? 

O I ■ ■ M M U - die ■ ■ P in a l or ■arn an nr MKi in 

"MJI***-.— 
Sears IO x 2o-foot patio cover 
$ 
Special Purchase 
169 

Save cooling costs and enjoy the outdoors out of the sun and rain. White enamel aluminum, built-in guttering. M ill fin­ ished posts complete this cover. 
A special purchase, though not reduced, is an exceptional value. 

12o% OFF 

 on Chain Lin k fab ric, when 
Installed by 

Sears 

4 ft.-5 ft.-6 ft. 

Sears Best 
#1 Spruce privacy fence 

Corner posts, gates, permit and hard digging extra. 

R e g u la r 
$ 4 .4 9 
99 

 tin. ll. IN S T A L L E D 

SEARS, R O EBU CK AND CO. 

Satisfaction Guaranteed or Your Money Back 

~ 
~ 
~~ 
< 

Soledad at Navarro 
Automotive 228-1328 
Tire* 228-439.) 
Mon. and Thurs. 7;3o-9 
Tues., Wed., Fri., Sat. 7:3o-6 

Automotive 228-5o28 Automotive 228-3128 
Tire* 228-5o95 
Tire* 228-5195 
Mon. thru Sal. 
Mon. thru Sat. 
8-9 
8-9 

Truck Tire 
Onter 
I t l l Y Hackberry 
228-1961 
Mon. thru Sat. 
7:3o-5:3o 

Valley-Hi 
674-5511 

N E IG H B O R H O O D S T O R E S (most item* and *erv»ce* thown al*o at Neighborhood store*) 

9 6 2 B a n d e ra R d . 
H a r ry W u rz b a rh at 
1 8o o S .W .W . W h ite R d . 
U n iv e rs a l C ity 
432 -2391 
R ittim a n 8 2 6 - 9 5 7 8 
3 3 3 -2 9 1 o 
1633 P at B o o k e r R d . 
6 58 -7491 

Tickets at 

Infield overnight camping Saturday June 4 

Colwell, Costello win 

Continued from Page IS well. “ I ’ve been struggling all w inter and this win m ak es the w inter easier to b e a r.” 
“ Paul is a g re a t p a rtn e r, we kept holding each other up all w eek ,” said 
Costello, who finished third with L arry 

Laub and Ja y Robinson in the last two 
Spectaculars. 
An 8-5-Iii w ashout cost Mrs. W alker the w o m e n ’s sta te title. A udrey w as leading, 149-143, in the eighth before the ill-fated toss in the* ninth. Pearl countered with two straig ht pairs and a 

PAUL COLW ELL gets re ad y to let shot fly 
Aggies nearer to tourney spot 

ASSOCIATED PRESS 
FORT WORTH — The Southwest Conference announced Satur­ day that regular season baseball champion Texas A&M will definitely get a berth in the national tournament if the conference is given two bids by the NCAA. 
Dodgers tumble 

SPECIAL TO THE EXPEESS N EW S 

AMARILLO—'Timely two-out sin­ gles did the trick Saturday night as the 
A m arillo Gold Sox sn a p p e d th e San 
Antonio D odgers’ three-gam e w inning streak, 8-5. 
Fx-m ajor leaguer Ivan M urrell b at­ ted in four run s with three singles, the last two of them com ing w ith two out to plate one te a m m a te each tim e, then 
Don Leslie belted a two-out. two-run single in tin1 sixth to put it away. 
T e d F a r r of S an A n to n io hit a three-run hom er in the second follow­ ing an e rro r and walk. 
T he te a m s play the th ird g a m e of their cu rren t series at 'I p.m. Sunday with M arly Kunkle!* (1-2) hurling for 
S. A. 
A M A R IL L O (8) 
S A N A N T O N IO (5) 
A B R H Bl 
A B R H Bl 
H uistrm ss 
4 4 2 o 
W shgtn ss 
5 o 2 1 
Stim ac dh 
5 2 2 o 
Fschti dh 
4 o 3 1 
Pe rk in s lo 
4 2 1 1 
W ebb 3b 
5 o o o 
M u rre ll rf 
4 o 3 4 
C a rd o ta lo 
5 o 2 o 
O Neill 3b 
4 o o o 
Leonard It 
5 1 3 o 
Leslie lf 
4 o 1 2 
Rushde rf 
4 o o o 
C h illo c 
4 o o 1 
OHar ct 
2 1 o o 
D ra ke cf 
3 
o 
o 
o 
F a rr C 
3 2 1 3 
Smith 2b r o I o 
M e vers 2b 
4 1 2 o 
Totols 
35 8 IO 8 
Totals 
37 5 13 5 
San Antonio 
o3o 
OOI 
o 1 o - 5 
A m arillo 
3lox 
1o3 
OOx — 8 
E - W e b b , 
S m ith . L O B — S A IO, A m a r i l l o 8. 
78 — S tim a c, 
H a ils t r o m . F isc h e tti. 3B — M e y e r s , 
W ashington; H R — F a rr (3). S B — Stim ac, H a ilstro m , 
Perkins, Leonard. 
IP 
H 
R 
E R 
B B 
SO 
Shirley (L l l) 
5 1 3 
9 
8 
8 
4 
4 
Slocum 
2 2 3 
I 
o 
o 
1 7 
Eichelb erger (W 3 I) 
5 2-3 
IO 
4 
3 
2 
o 
French 
3 1-3 
3 
1 
1 
2 
2 
S a v e — F re n c h . H B P - F is c h e t t i ( b y E ic h c l- 

In releasing the form at for the first postseason tou rnam ent, SWC co m m is­ sioner Cliff Speegle said that the to u r­ n am en t cham pion will re p re se n t th e c o n feren ce in th e first ro u n d NCAA playoffs at Arlington the last weekend of May. 
However, Speegle said, if the c h a m ­ pion Aggies do not win the tou rnam ent o r finish second they still will get an at-large tournam ent berth if the NCAA selection co m m ittee gives the SWC two bids. If A&M wins the tourn am en t, the ru n n e ru p would g et get any at-larg e designation. 
T h e SWC has received a ru n n e ru p to u rn am en t bid from the NCAA every y e a r sin c e th e n a tio n a l to u r n a m e n t form at was expanded. 
T h e t o u r n a m e n t f o r m a t w a s a n ­ nounced Saturday at the conclusion of th e four-day clo sed s p r in g b u sin e ss m e e t in g of 
SWC fa c u lty re p r e s e n ta tiv e s an d a d m in is tra to rs . 
Texas, Baylor and A rkansas, who fin­ ished second through fourth, respecti­ vely, in the SWC, will be in the to ur­ nam ent in addition to A&M. 
T he outgoing p resid en t of the con ­ ference, Dr. K enneth H errick of Texas 
Christian, would not confirm that the league re p re se n ta tiv e s d iscu ssed the re c r u itin g of O d e s s a ’s D a rre ll S h e ­ pard. 
“ W e’ve n ev er officially announced an investigation of an individual or a school and w e’ll continue to follow that policy. I t ’s not fa ir to sa y a n y th in g about any situation until a decision has been m a d e ,” said H errick , who w as succeeded S aturday by A lbert Witte of 
A rkansas. 

 berger). 
A - 621. 
Fren ch. E ic h e lb e rg e r. M — 2:3/ 
I TEP loses 
EL PASO (A P ) - Darrell Jackson pitched a four-hitter and got 2o-hit support from his team m ates S aturday as Arizona State completed a double- header sweep with a 17-1 victory over 
Texas-El P aso after the Sun Devils won the opener 4-2. 

Speegle also announced: 
—the formation of a 11o-station SWC ra d io n e tw o rk . T h e first u se of th e netw ork will be next S aturday in A us­ tin for the b ro ad cast of th e le a g u e ’s track and field cham pionships. 
— th e a d o p tio n of a r e s o lu tio n to continue the SWC postseason b a sk e t­ b a ll to u r n a m e n t a t th e S u m m it at 
Houston, with no television coverage. 

 strike to win. 

White, who nosed out San Antonio's 
Jo e Vito Buenrostro for the fifth q u a­ lifying spot in finals, com pleted a b ri­ ll ia n t d r i v e by b e a t i n g R o u s s e a u . 
White had beaten the fourth, third, and 

 second seeds Friday. The Michigan bowler had only one open fram e — in the seventh— as com pared to four by 
Rousseau. 

Strikes *n Spares 

Bv H a rry B ago 

T h e to u r n a m e n t a tt r a c t e d n e a rly 
3.ooo fans durin g its four-day run. 
Could this be the 
Pam displays last Spectacular lots o f cents 

Pro bowler Pain Rutherford has the right idea about finish­ ing second. 

" I f I could finish second in all the rem ain in g tou rnam ents I bowl in, PII laugh all the way to the b an k ,” R uth ­ erford said sm iling. 
Rutherford picked up the ru n n e ru p sh are of $3,ooo for finishing second in 
Spectacular ’77. 
“ In the last four to u rn a m e n ts I ve bo w led in, I f in is h e d s e c o n d th r e e tim e s ,” the Oroville, Calif., southpaw said. “ T h a t’s not too b a d .” 
R u th erfo rd ’s ever-present sm ile and coolness on the lanes m ad e P ant one of th e p e r s o n a l fa v o r ite s a m o n g local fans. 
“ I never lose my tem p e r when I'm b o w lin g ,” R u th e rfo rd said. “ Losing 

 your tem p er won I knock dow n that pin or pins you left standing, I ju st shake it off and try and pick up my spare. 
“ I used to lose my cool while I w as in college, but my coach set m e straight. 
T h e co ach said th a t I w a s n 't d o in g m yself or the team any good by losing my tem per. I learned my lesson. You lose your concentration when you lose your tem per. 
" I just go out there and bow l the* best 
I c a n ,” R u th erfo rd said. “ T h a t’s all that counts. Som edays you have it and som e days you don't, th a t’s the way it goes, but th ere isn’t any point of losing you’re cool. 

“ F inishing second? Well, let's put it this way, i t s b etter than th ird .” 
O ne th i n g p e o p le c a n sa y a b o u t 
R utherford is th at she has a first-class personality. By HARRY PAGE. 

PATTY COSTELLO urges shot dow n the alley 
Fortunate, 
Paul says 

By HARRY PAGE 

O F THE EXPRESS N EW S STAFF 

To the victo rs go th e spoils and 
$1o,ooo. 
T h a t’s w hat it am ounted to for Patty 
Costello and P a u l Colwell in the Spec­ ta c u la r ‘77 m ixed doubles finals at 
W onder Bowl. 
“ I was very fortunate to be h e re,” said Colwell, a fte r he and Costello downed P a m R utherford and T om m y 
Hudson, 215-2o3, in the finals. "I only m ade the top 15 by two points over 
Dave Davis. 
“ E v e ry th in g w as ju s t g re a t. We received our ABC T rophy for w inning the Classic Division in Reno, Nev., for 
C olum bia 3oo, the hospitality was tr e ­ mendous, and the fans w ere great. Of course, the win was super. 
“ Did you know that the w om an win­ n er of this event the last th ree y ears was nam ed the previous y e a r's W oman 
B ow ler of the Y e a r? ” Colwell asked. 
“ B etty M o rris (w ith E a rl A n th o n y ) won it the first y e ar afte r as being the 
Bowler of the Y ear recipient in 1974, an d J u d y (S o u ta r) and S teve (N eff) won it last year. Soutar was Bowler of the Y ear in 75. 
“ I ’m glad I had P atty on m y side this y e a r.” 
P a tty was the 1976 W oman Bow ler of the Year. 
“ W hat can you s a y ? ” said Patty, who had finished third twice in the two previous events. “ I t’s just g reat to win this to u rn a m e n t finally. Paul really picked m e up. When I had a 17o gam e, he would roll a 26o and vice versa. We held ’each other u p .” 
“ I j u s t c o u l d n ’t p ic k up th o s e s p l i t s , ” H udson said . “ T h o se two opens h u rt us. Of course, I can feel a little b etter because striking out in the 
1oth against Soutar and Neff earned a 
$1,ooo for P a m and m yself.” 

Colwell, w ho only won around $28,ooo all last y ear, has already accum ulated 
$17,4oo.6o. H udson’s second place fin­ ish narrow ed the gap between he a 
PBA le a d in g m oney-w in n e r M a rk 
Roth, who was sixth. Hudson has now e a r n e d $47,793.oo as c o m p a r e d to 
R oth’s $53,255.oo E arl Anthony is in third with $47,79o.oo. 
‘ “ It was g rea t to w in,” said 23-year old Cindy P earl of h er w om en’s crown. 
“ I was panicked because I don’t like to pick up spares (nine in all), and I didn't like m ak in g that sp a re in the 
1oth. I ’m overjoyed that I won and I’m glad it’s o ver.” 
P e a rl and Carl W hite, the m e n 's w inner, w ere once 13th d u rin g the qualifying rounds. 
“ This is the best thing that has ever happened to m e ,” W hite said. “ J u s t m aking the top five gave m e an extra incentive to com eback and try to win the ev en t.” 
“ To com e to this tou rnam ent to win it as a player and now as a coach is tre m e n d o u s ,” said W ichita S ta te ’s 
Coach Vicki Schm it, who anchored the 
1975 cham pionship team . “ Beating San 
Jose State was like w inning a best two of three since we've faced each other three straig ht years. The key to oui win was p ic k in g up o u r s p a r e s (six straig ht at one point). The Spectacular was g rea t and it was even better that we got ou r title b a c k .” 
By HARRY 
PAG E 
Porkers win 
GO DYNIA. Brazil (A P) — The Uni­ versity of A rk ansas ju m p ed to an early 
17-point lead F riday night and coasted to a 1o6-93 victory over the Argentina national team in the G oiania In tern a­ tional B asketball T ournam ent. 
M arvin Delph scored 28 points to lead A rkan sas while Hon B rew er col- l,.,.|,,, I ‘W ( m i n t < 

The lights dimmed and the huge crowds disappeared as the 
National Bowling Council’s successful Spectacular 
77 ended 
Saturday at Wonder Bowl. 
But, will the lights be dimmed forever on the Spectacular? 
The word is that bowling’s premiere showcase is on the rocks because it’s getting to be too much of a financial burden on the council. 
“ No decision has been m ad e yet of the S p e c ta c u la r,” said F ra n k Baker, the to u r n a m e n t d ire c to r. “ W hat the council is saying is that we see what the budget will allow next vear. 
“ T he S pectacular is a big expense — o v e r $15o,ooo to $2oo,ooo is sp e n t to op erate the affair. The y ea r got a little help from the television people, and a few other sources. Last y ear, the R a­ leigh Corp. gave us $5o,ooo for a spon­ sorship — that really m ad e the differ­ en c e.” 
The Council pays for all the travel, m eals, and hotel accom odations for all the a m a te u rs and collegians com ing to the tou rnam ent. And that is not count- the $5o,ooo expenditure on the pro­ wl fessionals. NBG also puts out a $5o,ooo insurance policy on each contestant. 
“ The question will be priorities for nex t y e a r , ” B a k e r c o n tin u e d . “ We have to see how m any irons we have in the fire. T h e Council is a non-profit o c c a sio n h u t we do s u b s id iz e local p ro m o tio n a l c a m p a ig n s . G ra d u a lly , from the result of prom otions, we can realize a ro u n d a m illion do llars. We get about a million from our basic m em b ers. So that gives us about two million to w ork with. 
“ We like to feel th a t we h ave a c ­ com plished a bit with the Spectacular over the last th ree y e a rs . T h e g a m e has been grow ing in interest. But, you re a lly c a n ’t sp en d m o n ey you d o n ’t hav e.” 
Despite the dark c louds which hang ov er the S p e c ta c u la r's future. B aker w as th o ro u g h ly im p re ss e d w ith this y e a r’s event. 
“ T h is o p e r a tio n h e r e at W o n d er 
Bowl was beautiful.” B aker said. “ Joe 
C a rm a c k ’s help and understanding w ere ju st great. I d o n ’t think we have any second-guessing about putting this to u rn am en t in a regu lar house. “ The response of the people of San Antonio was splendid and the m edia coverage w as the best w e’ve seen. T h is show s the pride in the bowling fam ily here. 
“ T h e c o u n c il h o p e s to k e e p th is tou rn am en t in a reg u lar house,” B aker c o n tin u e d . “ To try a n d c o n d u c t a n ­ o t h e r m a j o r e v e n t, fo llo w in g th e 
A m erican Bow ling C o n g re ss’ to u r n a ­ m ent, in the sam e house, isn ’t the best id ea. T h a t c o m m u n ity h a s a lr e a d y seen the pros and bow ling for 6o to SO days before the S pectacular com es in 
— th ey ’re drained of bowling. 
“ I'm thrilled with w h at’s happening in the college field — we have m ore c o lle g e c o n f e r e n c e s now a n d m o re t e a m s . T h e a m a t e u r m e e t s in th e 
S p e c ta c u la r h ave h elp lo s tim u la te state tournam ents. 
“ We hope that w e’ll get som e outside a s s is ta n c e to c a r r y th e S p e c ta c u la r on,” B aker lam ented. “ We have som e potential sponsors hut we have to wait and see w hat happens. We would like to m ak e this m eet even bigger, but we need som e assistan ce.” 
F o r now, the future of the Spectacu­ lar looks bleak. 

LUIS BENAVIDES 

B enavides also rolled a 246 gam e. 
The Alamo Tournament Association will hold its m onthly m eet F riday and 
S atu rday at B ow leram a. Squad times are noon, 1:3o, 3:3o, and 5:3o p.m . 
S aturday and the finals sta rt at noon 
Sunday. 

Linda Fox had a 253 gam e, Chris 
Goodwin 26o, and Juan Losoya 245 at 
Southside . . . 
Don Sabelli had a 179 all-spare gam e, Henry Poole rolled a 
254, and 
Paul M ills 245 at H erm ann 
Sons Cliff Ross had a 143 triplicate at 
B ow leram a . . . 
Nora Johnson and 
L ouise M angiesdorf both had 254 g a m e s, M angiesdorf (6o2) and 
Ann 
Ratliff (6o1) had their first 6oo series, and 
E m m a Chamberlain who has a 
133 average, rolled a 2o5 g am e at Oak 
Hills . . . Donnie Chastain had a 266, 
Donna Schulze 244, and Rick Norris 
244 at Astro. 
Stegall perfect 

Gary G. Stegall rolled a perfect g am e at the Randolph Air F orce Base 
C enter recently. 
The 15-year keg veteran, who has a 
18o average, pum m eled the pocket 12 tim es in the W ednesday Night Scratch 
Trio at Randolph. 
“ I think for the average bowler to shoot a 3oo gam e, he needs a lot of luck and com e good lane conditions,” Ste­ gall said. 
S tegall’s perfecto was the first to be bowled at Randolph in five years. 
Luis Benavides won the Ju n io r Top 
Twenty to u rn am en t at Oak Hills. Ben­ avides had a 1o-game total of 2o66, while Scott Battreal was second with 
2oo2, and 
Rick Shasteen third with 
2oo1. Benavides and Kathy Kirst had the to u rn a m e n t’s top g a m e s with 247. 

G regory B arnes and 
David B ath­ man of San Antonio took over the Class 
I) D o u b le s lea d in th e m e n ’s s t a te to u rn a m e n t at O d e ssa and M idland. 
T h e A la m o C ity p a ir rolled a 124o. 
O th e r locals still on th e board a re 
Davis Mogford who moved into third in Class C all events, and Wayne Shirt 
Shop which dropped to second in Class 
B team . 
In the w om en’s state event at A m ar­ na, Jeanne Atkinson is still the Class 
A all events etandings with 1667 and is third in Class A singles with 594. Pat 
Sheehy is in second place in Class B all events with 1635. 
S ylvia B ro y les, th e San A ntonio 
W o m en ’s B ow ling A ssociation s e c r e ­ tary, has been chosen as a director in th e W o m e n ’s In te rn a tio n a l B ow ling 
Congress. 
Last week’s results 

J U N IO R T O P T W E N T Y 
I, Lu is Benavides, 2o66; 2, Scott B attreal. 2oo2; 
3, Rick Shasteen, 2oo1; 4, J e rry Pow ell, 195o; 5, 
Kathy Kirst, 1929; 6, Robert K e y se r, 1927; 7, M ik e 
Fre e h ou f; 8, Jo a c h im H u e rte r, 1821; 9, J a m e s 
Boyd, 1818; IO, G e o rge P a v lik . 1814; ll, K e vin 
Sitter Ie. 1811; 12, Robert H e rn a n d e z, 18o6; 
13, 
A lan Janiga. 1792; 
14, H ank M oeller, 
1779; 
15, 
M ichael Sitterle, 1776; 16, Kelley O 'C o n n o r, 1771; 
17, R o ss Truscello, 1766; 18, D a v id H eiligm an n, 
176o, 19, Bill Torrey, 1758, 2o, K e n Frid le y, 1745. 
H igh G am e — B e n avid e s and K irst, 247. 
L A N E N O T E S 
A L L S T A R : 
J e rry M o o re 622; R a y G ra n t 6o4, 
Steve Lopez 6o4; A v e ry C ornel 6o2; B u ste r Boubel 
6o1; M a r y H e rre ra 593; B la n c h e B a rtle tt 582; 
Dolly H o skin s 587; D o ris P rie st 554; D e b b ie P a c e 
552. 
A ST R O : 
R ick N o rris 634; M a c M c C r a w 626, 
Don K in g 616; M ik e R oberts 6oo; D o n n ie C h astain 
599, N ancy Aw e 595; G loria Jon es 577; P a l T ar vin 
567; Je ssie H a rv e y 562; D o n n a K a h n 559. (IO wom en over 53o series). 
B O W L E R A M A : Bernice W hite 534; . D a v e M on- gan 6o7; Butch Hile 6oo. A m ixed leagu e w ill start at 6:3o p.m. W ednesday, and a IO a.m . T u e sd a y league is starting soon, call 344-4o41 or 344-581 1 for further inform ation. 
G O L IA D : 
Lin d a N ichols 578, Dottie C la rk 573; 
Irene D aniels 553; M a ry M c M a n n e s 544; R hod a 
M arm ole io 54o; M e l Cloud 6o1. (12 w om en over 
53o series). 
H E R M A N N SO N S: 
V e ra H e im e r 59o; M ild re d 
Stone 548; E d n a Reed 521; Bob M o e lle r 585; Red 
Holland 586; G e o rge D u b e n sky 58o; H e n ry Poolev 
593. Thirteen difficult splits w ere picke d up d u rin g the week. 
O A K H IL L S : D ick Pence 689, G u m o G om bert 
686; Ken D ittrich 
648, D an M e d kiff 647; H arold 
Scherw itz 641, N o ra Johnson 661; Jo y c e C am pbell 
63o, G loria RIOS 622; J e rry Jo h n so n 6o4; L o u x se 
M an gie sd orf 6o2 
(53 w om en over 53o se rie s; 19 men over 6oo series). M ik e G ra n t ( A J B C ) 572; 
Kathy K irst (A J B C ) 568, L a n c e E n d e rlin (B a n lam ) 42o 
S A N P E D R O : 
D o v e W h it n e y 6 4 9 ; 
J o h n 
A nd erson 64o; So n n y Sch im c e k 639; 
D o n Reed 
631; Ken O 'C o n n o r 633; L y n d a M u r r a y 597; M a r y 
Lee M artinez 594; Sue G reen 582; M a r y K o u ri 
565; Tiger Blythe 
563; (IO m en o ve r 6oo se rie s; nine wom en over 53o series). Al F e st (sr. citizen) 
572, Ron Sm ith (sr. citizen) 53o. 
S O U T H S ID E : 
C h ris G o o d w yn 684; N ic k y Reid 
635; G eorge Cook 625, Bob H a rris 619; G e n e Lefter 
6)2; Linda Fox 599; M a rg ie Sm ith 598, F a y M iltigan 
586; FIO Tolle 569; Su sie Ortiz 569; J u a n L o so v a 612. 
(31 wom en over 53o series). Su m m e r le a g u e s and a 
T hursd ay afternoon A J B C league are now form ing, 

 call 927-37o1 or 922 6961 for further inform ation. 

SP O R T S P A L A C E : 
R ick C la rkso n 689, C h a rlie 
H ayden 682, H ank H e n ry 673, Jim B ro w d e r 669, 
M a rk R o ss 651, Elfi T o m czyk 636, Jo A n n B a lla rd 
6o4, ju d y B rin k le y 6o3, Je a n Sm ith 599, V io la 
F ra g a 577. (31 m en over 6oo se rie s; 
15 w om en over 53o) 
M a rily n L a m o m a n (5o6) and D re n a 
Ja m e s (5o2) had th e ir first 5oo s e rie s. A J B C 
S u m m e r L e a g u e s a re o rg a n iz in g , p le a se c a ll 
D onna O 'C o nnor of 349-4548 or 655-9218 for further information. 
T H U N D E R : 
D o lo r e s s c h w e rtz 648, A n n e tte 
Brow n 625, C h a rissa K o h le r 576; Billie F o rd ^564. 
E m m a Cicio 591; F ra n k D od ge 598, A m o s G re e n 
576; V e rn B o d e 569; N o rm M a h a n 596; W a lte r 
Y o u n g 586. G in g e r H u b b a rd ( A J B C ) 531; K a th y 
K irst (A J B C ) 548, Sam V illareal and Lee R od rig u e z 
(A J B C ) 556; Deb ra Ortegon (B an ta m ) 3o6. L e a rn to bowl classe s will be held on M o n d a y s and F rid a y s, with F rid a y s being (or the ad vanced junior bow lers. 
Sign up now for the junior p ro gra m , w hich b e g in s 
June 4. 
T W BA C O N V E N T IO N 
The T exas W om en's Bowling A ssociation will open its 42nd a n n u a l c o n v e n tio n w ith 282 e lig ib le delegates at the Hilton Inn at A m arillo Friday. 
Business sessions in the three-day meet begin at * a.m. Friday. The Annual Banquet will be held that evening at 7*p.m. with entertainm ent, M e m o ria l 
Service, presentations of aw ards and the selection of the 1979 tournament site. 
The Te xas 6oo Club will stage its annual m eeting at 9 am. and the 2o-year club will follow at 11:3o a m. 
Friday. 
Locol delegates to the convention are Judy Ste­ phenson, M adelyn Spreng, Lois Scott, Helen Katala, 
Helen Baetz, Irene Frost, and C lara G rim es. E lla 
O Quinn is an alternate Rosalie Bushick is the focal and state president of the 6oo Club. 

A M A T E U R B A S E B A L L 
Sunday s Schedule 
SP A N IS H -A M E R IC A N L E A G U E 
At Spencer Field, 6ooo P a d re D riv e : I 
B ilb r e v L u m b e r v s. J im e n e z F o o d s ; I 
R oger s Ice, vs. Little R ed Barn. 
A L A M O C IT Y L E A G U E 
A * C e n tra l C Y D F ie ld on Theo; 
11:3o 
Brentw ood Beer Box vs. R u d y 's Lounge; 
D oyle s B illia rd s vs. City T ran sm issio n ; 4 :3i 
N e w b y 's vs. La Puente Ballroom . 

Page I O S 
* H 
San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS-— Sunday May 8 I 977 

•BSMEOBtPWffllT 
9o1gflSIIIESSEoeiPliEIIT 
IDI TOSIWtSS tOOIFIttm 
9o1 • BgSHKS »IW aiT 
9o1 WlSlWtSS HfOlPMfllT 
9o1 • BOSIHIESS EW»PM!HT 

STONE FRONT 
» 
BRICK— ARTIFICIAL— NATURAL 
ALSO FIREPLACSS 

M IN IM U M 

 i m ALUMINUM SIDING. .M 49°° 

 irow owoy your old leoky window & we will instoll our new ovy duty oluminum made to order windows for brick ond 
(ame houses—new screens included. 
INYL SIDING A = 
S 

W H Y PAY MORE? 
AcJd-A-Room-Bath-Den-Garages 
THIS WEEK'S SPECIAL! 

1ox12 ROOM ADDITION 
S1895 

1ox2o D E N ............................ S295o 

2ox2o GARAGE....................... S2195 

7x12 BATHROOM (COMPLETE).... S1995 

1ox2o WOOD PATIO OR (qfpofi<w (ONCRITC FIOOR) . 
$995 

FREE ESTIMATES— N O D O W N 
ADD-A-ROOM CO. 
4 3 3 -2 5 7 4 
ED MENDEZ 
3o22 W. COMMERCE 
GEN. CONTRACTOR 
SAN ANTONIO, TEX. 
AABCO PAPER 
STOCK 

815CERAIVO 

SAN ANTONIO, TX 782o9 

434-o681 

Top cash paid for your old newspapers and corrugated. 

LiL 

Custom D esigned 
Brass H e a d b o a rd s 
Tw in Thru K ingsize 

3123 Broadway 
824-6925 

FOR THE BEST IN CARE AND SUPPLIES 
CAU OR GO BY YOUR 
SAN ANTONIO POOL SUPPLY 
45o3 WEST AVE 
344-3223 
344-4149 

Motors • Pumps • Filters • Heaters • HTH Clorine 
Algicides • Acids • Equipment & Accessories 
C om plete Service D e p a rtm e n t 

TO PLACE AN AD 

IN THIS SECTION 

FOR QUICK RESULTS 

CALL 2 2 5 - 1 6 6 6 

Group swimming instructions 
Woter Games 

O U TDO O R ACTIVITIES 
Volley Ball 
Cook outs 
Boskeiball 
Field Trips 
Badminton Games 
- to parks - lakes 

IN D O O R ACTIVITIES 
Arts-Crofts TV-Music 
Games 

N e a r Loop 4 1 o and B ro a d w a y 

H D O N ' T M IS S THE F U N N 

H E N R O U N O W ! ! 

S O - T E X 

CANVAS PRODUCTS 

BOATS - 
MOTORCYCLES 

CUSTOM COVERS 

337-4358 Days 
337-7939 Nights 

2923 LINN 
SAN ANTONIO, TX 78223 

C AND J 
TREE STUMP REMOVAl 

Brighten up your yard and save yourself o lot of bach breoking work. The job is fest, neat and inexpensive The stump is removed a good 6 to 
IO inches below the around. 
Equipment is lightweight ond mobile. . .fits through the overage cyclone fence gate 
FOR A O D iT iO N A L IN F O R M A T IO N 
CALL 922-61 I 3 AFTER 6 P .M . b u ild e rs a n d C o n tra c to rs W e lc o m e . 

■ S c m ^ to n io EXPRESS-NEW S— Sunday M a y 8 1 9 7 7 

942 ■ F4RM EQUIPttHlI I 942 ■ FARM EOUIPMEAt c' 94^ ^ EM M 'EOUIFMENI 1 93?■ m)CT|()|y saiV 

Page I I -S 

HERE’S FO R D ’S A N S W E R 

“ FORD” 
MODEL 1 6 o o 

'4 4 9 5 
STANDARD 3-POINT HITCH! 
USE EXISTING IMPIEMENTSI! 

44 23 hp* diesel engm 
• Thrifty ond dependoblf * 9 speed transmissioo • Woih speeds from 
8 to 8 7 mph • Powei ond weight to hondle 7 bottom plow-. • Smgl*- level hydroulits • Fosy to use orsd powerful • Differentiol loth, standard, keeps you going in w e t ptoce- • Slondord 
54o rpm PTO • Economicol worhpowet 
THE TORGERSON CO. 
7 3 6 S teves A v e . 
• 
Phone 5 3 3 - 5 1 4 ^ 

AUCTION 
Saturday, Moy 14 
1o AM 

Tytsewnttfs, cokutohKS, «osh i«9isltrs. 
IBM hty pumh, d»shs. (hairs, files, tnvelapes, riuplKOtors, time ckKk, (tmmu pottery, glosswott. fbwet at ronwments, 
11 sewing motnmei, new and used 
(lathing shoes, wedding at tessaties, JOU low books, 13oo lbs wotei soltenei salt, small 
(ipplmmes, refngtrotors, com memol ait hotkry table. 
-Hweiy slate stole, remh in 
(oalets, He (team fieetei, and hundreds af (ans of gtateiies, mony other items 

926-MACHiNERYTOOlS 
9 2 6 -m iN E R Y T O D L S 
92S-MACHINERY-TooLS 

SPECIAL IO DAY SALE 
WHILE THEY LAST 

FORD MODEL 21 
S.P.E. 2 1 ” Self Propelled 

Electric Lawn Mowers. 

Full Ford 6 m o n th w a rra n tie s 

‘ 2 1 9 . 9 5 + IO . 

THE TORGERSON CO. 
739 Staves 
533-5145 

77 CMC 
(bevy I 
♦wk 

. ton pKkup, 
7? tan dual wheeled 

PUBUC, OIAIIRS, ANO IHA 
MAftKCT VtNOORS INVIKO 
OBIN IOU INSPKTION 
Tri. noon 'til 4 PM 
FIOYD HAU, AUCTIONflR 
TX GS 77-o268 
Coliseum Sales Co. 
J942 I. Houston SI. 
(I blo(k west of Joe fraemon Coliseum) 
San Antonio, TX 7B2o2 

SELL YOUR 

SPORTS 

EQUIPMENT 
Buy yourtalt the sporting equipnwnt you'wa bean scanting 
You’ll tmd groat bu VE in todays Want Adi. 

Call 

2 25 -1 66 6 

932-AUCTION SAU 
932-AUCTION SAU 

BANKRUPTCY AUCTION 
H orace L ytle's F a rm e r! M a rk e t 
4 3 4 o S. P ad re iila n d D rive 
Corpus C hristi, Tem ai 
THURSDAY, MAY 12, 1977 — 1o:oo A M. 

' i ' T 

■ 

CONTINUED 

FROM 

PAGE 28D 

9o?EIIM ITm it 

- ' l a c k S Discount worehouse 
Used F urniture and AoDtiances 
943 COLISEUM DR 
225-7444 

A n t i n u g a 

SILHSML 

922 -MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS 

1 3 o .o o A M eeitts te is te 
A AALOW1N MANO 
R e n t A ^ l l e a ms Pserclwae 
SIMS BALDWIN 
• 3 3 U e d th ill- ie lH ie ■el. 
-v; 

.ANflQUES 
914- 

7-oiece wooden d in e tte . $49.95. 
Bedroom suite. comDlefc. $99.95. 
W ardrobe. $59 95 

Fawcett Furniture 
416 Dolorosa. 227-6512 
1JN1TED 
DISCOUNT 
FU R N ITU R E 
No. I 
..................... 1o4 E. LAMAR 
-N o . 2 
. 1o41o PERRIN B E IT E L 
I-me Furniture ■ Fraction of reta il 

9o9-PAW N BROKERS 

AM ER IC AN LOAN CO 
I. Buy-seM-troOe onything ot value 
1624 E. COMMERCE 

S O U M JEWELRY CO. 

ESTABLISHED 19o4 
WE BUY & SELL 
DIAMONDS 
PLA TIN U M 
DOLD 
SILVER 
A P P R A IS A L S 
M A D E 
ON a e w E L R Y » F O R IN S U R A N C E 
PURPOSES AND ESTATES 
325 ALAMO PLAZA 
226-1424 

9 1 8 -COINS &JEWEIRY 

“ TURQUOISE 
"JEWELRY S H O W ” 
ST. A N T H O N Y HOTEL 
M A Y 1oth - n t h 
IO :A M TO 5:P M feotufing lurquoise, 
(oral, 
Mothei-ofPeorl 
& 
Molociie 
Quolity Jewelry ■ Nuturol Slonet. 
Jobber, Wholesale ond Retoil 
OPAL S TURQUOISE 
JEWELRY from Albuquerque, N.M. 

A U C T I O N 
Gary's Antique Auctian Hause 
L ^ 
617 Colorado, Hwy. 183, lockhorl 
•[Sunday, May 8- 1:3o P.M. 
Consiqned to us ai 

8 

Consigned to us By Bristol Antiques LTD. 
Inspection: Sunday IO AM until safe time 
I’ARTIAl LISTING: ? rolltop detks with S-roll, I large ond paneled, oak 
Jorobion style woll detk Oak swivel office choirs (ast iron pot with brass top 2 Windsor armchairs. Cool boxes 2 (orved wolnui sideboards vith mirror bocks, fullsize fancy bross bed Commode choirs. Corved ook 
'Diner cabinet towel roils Rocking choir Teacarts, oak writing loble with brass gallery Decoruled ships pine box. Wolnui shoving stand on t'lpod bose 2 Oak borrel pub tables, lorge oak pub settee (orved ook kitchen (ban Brass top table with wicker base loll oak revolving bookcase 2 (hevelle mirrors 2 phonographs Ook Jocobion style paper rack Heovily carved boll cupboard Rosewood pole screen and tapestry. 
Ook refroctory style coffee table Ook fiomed dinner gong on stond Ook hot ond umbrella stond Mobogony bool |Ock Shoving mirrors. Mirror bock (hiffomeie Walnut dumb woiler. Severol fancy hantrees Bross ond illoss 3 lolrl firescreen. lopestry screen in ook frame. Ride stands, lorge 
'nixed ook sideboord with mirror bock large selection of marble top washstands with colorful tile bocks Bedroom suites Bedside commodes. 
Mirrors ond frames lorge foncy overmonlel Severol dressers, some with triple mirrors Wordrobcs Oropfront desks Pine chest chest of dtowers 
Pine kitchen loble with diowei Block gypsy stove Smoll pine box Ook butler s troy with stand Dining room suites Severol pieces of chino ond qioss wore Bowl and pitcher sets 4 Americon wall clocks, I with Rose wood cose loige moible montel clock Oak cosed mantel clocks 
M a n y M o n y m o re Fine Q u a lity A n tiq u e Item s 
INVEST IN QUALITY 
For a d d itio n a l in to rm o tio n C all 5 1 3 - 3 9 8 -3 7 o 1 or 3 9 3 -7 o o 3 
GARY FINGLEMAN 

D O N ’T FO R G ET!!! 

MOTHER’S DAY 
AMERICAN ANTIQUE 
AUCTION 

★ 
T 
O 
D 
A 
Y 
S 

See S a tu rd ay P ap er 

 fo r P d rtial Listing 

Ramada Inn 333 NW Loop 41 o 
TODAY AT 1:3o P.M. 

Auctioneer 
PAUL E. CRABB 
TxG$-77-o7o2 

A TTE N TIO N : CHURCH 
! 
AND MUSIC LO VER S' iR e tire d d e a le r W A R E H O U S E 
{CLOSEOUT Absolute wholesale ta lu s the co st of th is od. K IM 
B A L L 'S F in e s t C h u rch O rp a n , 
! complete w ith 2 stereo cabinets, 
'L a rg e selection of K im b o ll Home tOrgans, K im b all Grands, Studios, 
{A rtis t Consoles, A rtis t Spinets. 
O pportunity of your life tim e. All instrum ents m ust go! P iano O r­ gan D is c o u n t W a re h o u s e ,91o 
Main St..Bastrop, Tx. Bv appoint­ m ent only onvlim e-dav-evening. 
Sunday, 1-321-3879. Let ring 2o times. 

Pursuant to on order by the HONORABK I H PATTON. JR Bonkiuptcy 
Judge for the United Sloes Oislnct (ourf for the Southern Oisltiti of lex os, corpus (hristi Division, we will offer for sole the following assets of 
Lytle Enterprises, Int, d b o Horoge lytle's farmers Market & formers 
Market, Bankruptcy No ( 77 13 
BAKERY EQUIPMENT: Oougb mixing mochine, dough marbmn, stainless steel sondwich bar, 7 6 door Blodgett ovens, I refngptalor freezer and more bakery equipment 
PRODUCE EQUIPMENT: 76oft produce coolers (IO Inlol) 7 scales HS door cooler 36x11 and mote ptodure equipment 
MEAT DIPT. EQUIPMENT; S I2lt sections meot rounlpi I lieezei I 
Hobort tenderizer I Bito Model 3334 meal saw Stainless steel mixirr I 
Bito model 33 meat sow I Globe meal slicer 
OfflCE EQUIPMENT: I Sole, I Monroe S7o (alrulatoi, I Sale, I Chair. 
I Postoge Stoles, I Time (lock, I lot Misc Supplies, I Chiin, I Desk, 2 
Monroe 142o Calculators. I Red (hon I Green Chun 4 Smoko Slonds I 
Black Chon, I-Green (hon I Steno Chan, I Credit Cord Mothme, 2 
Typewriters, l-Chon, I (boil, 
I Check Protector, I loble, ll file 
Cabinet', l-'Desk, I Adding Machine, I file Cabinet, S-Oesk. I Copy 
Machine, I Solo 
MISCEllANEOUS EQUIPMENT: IO scoles. I wagon, B an condihontis 
Mniowove oven 2 freezets, 2 icemokers I oven and more 
MISCEllANEOUS SHELVING AND RACKS: 9 checboul rounleis, 3 gloss showcoses, disploy coses ond murli more APPROXIMAIllY 187 sections metol shelving, 4x6, 6 checkout slonds 2 l2xSo wolkin freezers I 1ox8 wolkin freezer Approx 28o grocery torts 

I Antic|ue FARM ALL f l ? Tractor a n d I W in d m ill 
PIUS MANY MANY MORE ITEMS NOT IISTID HERE 
NOTE: Alfhoogh oil inloimotion deemed correct the AUCTIONEER mokes no worranties or guoinntees os to the information ciintained herein 
THIS SALE SUBJECT TO (ONflRMATION BY THE BANKRUPTRT JUDGE 

936 -D OGS-CATSBIRDS-PETS 

AKC COLLIfcS 
$abli;s»62J 4$ll» T ris 
AKC D alm atians. 6 wks 
1-896 2S21 a tte r S p rn 

!936 - Does CATS BIRDS PETS 

 tx c e p iio n a lly baautiful Old Kng 

I lish Sheepdog Pups AKC Reg All 
I Shots, worm ed 6S3-2I15. 
For Sole U K C. Block ond Ton 
AKC C erm on S h e -p h ^ T S T U H ^ I 
8 wks, shots, w o rm ed Con see both porents S7S 695 92$9 
AKC G erm on Shepherd Puppies 
O uulily Tem peram ent Ch Blood­ lines 654 6687 
AKC COI.OEN R E TR IEV ER S 

Beautiful puppies Excellent field, obe dience , c o n tirm o lio n bock grounds I 392 $292 or I 392 4664. 
Son Marcos. 
AKC O oloeii R e trieve r puppies. 
Show bai kqround 626-3855 
AKC Irish Setter P ups 
Reosonuble 
• 
655-9192 
AKC Irish Setter I vt $1oo. mole 
656-8658 
AKC Iris h Setter Pups, 7 w ks, shots, worm ed 342 1895 
AKC Irish Setter, mole, I vr 
435 7693 

AKC LABRADORS 
Yellows Blks Choc s. 826-3393 
AKC Labrador Pups, yellow Blks 
Reduced onces 492 9394 
AKC M ASTIFF PUPS Champion sired. 
Excellent guard dogs. 
(4o5)439 57o5 

AUCTIONEER: 
GROVER HOWIU COMPANY 
9611 JENSEN DRIVE 
HOUSTON, TEXAS 77o93 
713/697-2997 

TRUSTEE: 
HARREII Z BROWNING 
P O BOX 19o1 
CORPUS CHRISTI, TEXAS 784o3 
SI2'883-1946 
Texox License No. TxGS-77-OIS4 

P ia n o 
F o r 
S o le . 
H o ttm o n n 
Upright 
$475. coll 
Charlie 
337-4426. 

AKC M in D orhshuncl P uppies, 
Red Moles 684 2762 
A K C P o o d le P u p p ii'S s ilv e r , uprico l oil toys 333-6498 
_______ 
AKC POODLE PUPS 
674 122o 
AKC red D oberm an, C ham pion lines of stud A nytim e 49'Z 2oo4 

 shots and w o rm ed. Sire G rand 
Champion 
Dome 
Champion 
I 833-499o 
FR EE Collco Kittens a Weeks 
• 
734 21U 
FR EE F L U F F Y K IT T E N S , box trolned, 684 143o otter 6 
F R E E ! S pade F e m a le Lctng 
Haired Cot Coll 822 1198 
FREE Kittens, 12 at 7 wks, i'o i 7 m oi. 122 Venice. 344-6691 

FR EE KITTENS 
342 6364 otter 6 P rn 
F R EE K If rE N S ," P A r 'T > 1 5 '' 
SIAN ANO M AN X 344 622S 
F R E E 
P re c io u s K itte n s to r 
Precious People. 826-6827. 
F ullbloode d U n reg Eng. C ollie 
P u p s 
S a ble w h ite w o rm e d 
Females 
$4o 
Moles 
S4$ 
I 379 1849 
German Shepherd, tem I yr Rot 
Terrier, mole 4 mos. Both house b ro k e n o n d g o o d w ith k id s 
681 3758 otter 5 p m 
G reat Done Puppies S12$ 
661 223o 

GREAT DANES 
Chompion sired I 7$S-4694 
Holt Beagle P u p s 
828 2716 
4 Holt Chow fem ale puppies SIO eo 434 9713 

AKC Red Oobernion at Stud 
349 9589 Qhytime 
AK(^ Req Cocker Puppy, m ole. 
Brown.w hite, housebroke. 2o wks, 
73$ 3o52, 732-o92$ 

H a rle q u in D o ne and G e rm a n 
Shepherd M ixed Puppies, temoles 
125 494 2151 

AK C R e g is te re d B o x e r S vrs. 
$1oo oo Coll 828 3o26 
AKC registered Dohermon pups 
Wormed, shots Block ond rust $ wks. old 
6 temols 
SHO eo 
654 3277 
AKC SAMOYED PUPS 
Shots, worm ed I 358 88o8 
A k d Sonictved temole 4 yrs $t$b 

AKC Shetland Sheepdogs (M in. 
Collies) shots, worm ed 673-7774. 
AKC St B e m ol d o t Stud 
149 9589 anytim e 
AKC W e im o ro n e r P ups B wks. 
349 3o81 otter 4P rn 
___ 

Labrador R e trieve r, temole. Blk. 
4 mos, oil shots 4$$ 19o1 
Lesser S u lphu r- cre ste d Cocka too, $)7$o 49o-8S34 
Long haired black poodle IO mos 
135 otter 4p.m 333 414$ 

M ole G erm an Shepherd, 4 mos 
Reg 484 1729 
M IN SCHNAUZER PUPS 
A K C , sh o ts, 8 w ks. A d o ra b le 
Perfect tor M others Poy 464 7$39 
9 Mo AKC Basset, mole. J yr AKC 
Bosset, fem ale, SIO eu o r both 
SISO. I $38-2o73 o fle r $ p.rn week doys, onytim e weekend_________ 
M o th e r's Day, AKC A fghans, 7 wks 
$12$ 
734-o35) 
IS I) 
W 
M o r l p o s o ____________ 

AKC YORKIES 
Accepting deposits on 7 week old moles females 824 4327 
A m e ric o n F ie ld T ria l Ch 
Eng Setters Voc 826 7788 

Sander Tw in R everb. E xce lle n t 
Condition 734-6341. 1425 
Unredeemed 
Music 
Instrum ents 
A m erican Loon Co 227 8572 
Yamaha guitar, used 2 mos, with case, $7o. 494-5739 
Yamaha Spinet Piano. Used 2 yrs. m a tch in g ben ch, p e rfe c t fin ish make reasonable ofter. 733 1346. 

9 2 4 -NURSERIES, GARDEN 

Greenhouse 8x6, 8x 12, term s, tree delivery 924 5oo3 
T ro p ic a l P la n ts : O rc h id s and 
Brom eliOds fro m C e nfrol A m er tea Wholesale only 341 6938 att«wi 

Beautiful heart-shaped diam ond ring, reosonoble 684-8354 ofter 5 nnd weekends.__________________ 

Oelfview Com Shop 
Buying and Selling 
'G old ond Silver Coins, etc 
2o4 West Ave , 735-7131 
D octor's Investm ent C roup is in ­ terested in buying coins, stamps, rolls, proofs, acid, F ro n klin M ints. 
.Ic. Contoct Dr. Vogt, 734 2o79 

922 -MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS 

Son M arcos A n tiq u e A uction House 
5 miles South of San Marcos on Hwy. 123 look for Red, White and Blue Windmill on JK Ranch 
W EDNESDAY, M A Y 1 1 , 7 P .M . 

PARTIAL ItSTING: Boby grand ployer piono. 3 wolnut organs, 7 with foncy barks Extremely nice corved ook sideboord with beveled gloss door cup­ boards Dining room set with 4 matchina highbock choirs. 2 upright pionos, 
I foncy burled wolnut cosed. Murphy bed. Small slantop rolltop desk 2 linen presses corved with ovol beveled mirrors. 3 Chippendale style chino 
(obinets 2 lorqe bookcases with cupboards below, I with leooed gloss doors. Chippendale dumbwaiter Queen Ann sideboord with mirror bock IV in Queen Ann cabinet Borley twist pole lomps. Piono stools with Queen 
Ann legs lorge fancy overmonlel mirror Bross ond iron bed. 3 leoded gloss doors Cost iron umorello stonds. 4 Queen Ann choirs. Bomboo holltree. 
Queen Ann dining toble 6 piece ook dining room suits 6 foncy corved bock wolnut dining choirs 7 spoon bock wolnut Victorion choirs 4 bentwood nrmchoirs. Ook holltiee Wall clocks with porcelain face Mantel clocks 
Smeltei figures 2 iroffic signol lights fireplace montel. lorge copper bong mg street lights ond many mony mote fine items 

* INVEST IN QUALITY w for Additional Information 
Call 398-37o1 or 392-7oo3 
TSTof.'^nTa**' GARY FINGLEMAN 

H A R V E Y ’S 
ADVANCE NOTICE 
Antique Auction 

S a tu rd a y -—M a y 21 

2 p .m . u n til IO p .m . 
S unday— M a y 22 

I PM u n til a ll M id 
Complete 33 room Victorion esfote including servonts quorters, Ollie, boms, etc., plus other sources. Ex­ tremely nice furniture, jewelry, gold and collectors coins, silver, rugs, rore clocks, etc 
4 5 o o WEST AVE. 
H a rv o y B rasw ell, A u ctio n eer 
7 3 o V ie n d o , T s G x -7 7 -o 5 3 3 

M ohogony desk, H u tch, Round ook to b le , Texa s p in e c h u rc h bench, CASA FIE S T A A ntiques, 
4353 McCullough. 

926-MACHINERy-TOOLS 

McKelvey’s 
ANTIQUE SHOPPE 
13o4 Austin Hwoy., 824-324o 
At Mission Mobile Homes 
M U S E U M D A Y S , m oy 7-8 A n ­ tique Auction, M ay 8, lp m Hondo 
4-H Club Born, Hondo, Texos. 

OPA’S ANTIQUES 
22o3 S HACKBER RY 

Bulldozer MD ll. AC, Perfect tor 
Oil Field W ork. Winch. H yd rqlic 
Straight Blade. New Pads, Motor recently overh a u le d , v e ry good condition I 393-3137 

TURQUOISE & GIFT’S 

RETIRING FR O M BUSINESS 

CLOSING OUT SALE STARTS: MAY 2 

6525 SAN PEDRO 
341-5425 

1 o : o o A.M. to 6 : o o P.M. 

ANIMAL DEFENSE 
Leogue, 113oo N acogdoces Rd 

M ust fin d good hom e to r I y r mole G erm on Shepherd 441 3487 
N o w to u n d io n d 
P u p p y 
A K ^ , female $15o 1 894 3548 
OBED IENC E CLASSES 
All Breeds Storts IO May 
MASTER KE N N E LS 488-3539 
Old English Sheep Dog puppies. 
AKC, 7 wks. 1-38$ 8832 
Persian Kittens. C hinchilla Silver, 
Pets shown I days (9 i i 3'cio.m., I Purebred Reg ACP A 494-3893. 
I 4 p m ) 
N eed L o v in g H o m es. Pointer AKC, Short hoir, lim o s .. 
T e rrie r, C h ihuo huo, S hepherd, trained on qualTdoves B eautiful 
Puppies. Kittens. M ony others a ll laundoq S2oo 49$ 328o___________ shots 455 USI 
POODLES W ITH PE R S O N ALITY 
I male, $7$. I female, $5o 
342-o77$ 
A pricot Toy Poodle Puppies 
341 OS32 
B eautiful toy P om eranian, AKC, temole, 69o-o94o 
B IRD DOGS 
B ritio n ie s ond Pointers, finished and started doos Puppies Avail. l-$28 33oo nites. Taft 

Purebred G erm an Shephard pup pies. $35 $4o, 742-378o. Poteet 
P u re b re d , G e rm o n S h epherd pups, $ole or trode, 424 2579 
P u re b re d G e rm a n S h e p h e rd 
_______________________ 
P u p s , M o th e r a n d 
F a th e r to r 
Blond Cocker POO puppy, male 3 ly ie w in g I m o o ld . 224 $74$ o r mos $4o White Tov Poodle m ix, mole $4o 423 $144 
{BOA CONSTRICTOR, 6 'j ft. $2oo 
4$8 9249 onvfim i- 

333-4134 after l p m 
P u re b re d m in ia tu re poodles 2 chocolate, I silve r 4 wks 454 4871 

B O R D E R C O L L IE PUPS AR F 
REG 449 1224 
CFA Rea. Seolpoinl Siamese KH- tens 458 28o3.__________________ 

I CHAM PION Sired AKC M iniature 
Schnauzer P u p s Show Prospects. 
W ill ship Abilene (915)498 9497 

R e g is te re d A m E s k im o S pitz puppies $75 eo 494 4449 
-R e g iste re d C h in c h illa . P e rsia n 
'kittens Reduced price I y r old 
' Persion mole cot 481-3434 ______ 

Cose 53o T ra c to r Lo o d cr Bock- 
I hoe. Pretty Worn bot operative. 
151995 
I 
THE TORGERSON CO 
1533-5145 
739 Steves 

Oval M arble Top Toble 
Tittony Type Shode 
Good Selection of P rim itives 
ANTIQUE COTTAGE, SOS Dallas 

Clark 4ooo lb, 12 solid tire fo rk lift 
Recent overhoul and ooint. $$5oo 
924-5561 

C d o g s — PETS 

9M-DoES-CAT$BIRDS-PETS 
936-OOG8-CATSBIROSPET8 

CHOW PUPPIES 
6wks, AKC Reg 349 2838 
CHOW Puppy, red, mole 
674 oo41 

I 
COLLIE PUPS adorable, purebred, 822-76o3 

E iec. A ir C o m p re sso r. 7o gal tank, 7 'i hp m o to r good cond 
$325. 653-98oo 

QUEEN’S ANTIQUES 
28o9 Fredericksburg 
Hours 
Front End Loader 

BUY SELL-APPRAISE 
Best Prices Paid tor Antiaues 
PH IL W ILLBO RN 
TOWN & COUNTRY ANTIQUES 
826-2749 36o9 BroodwOy 735-2414 

CABLE NELSON 
New From "495 
Used From '195 

425 N. Moin 224-5526 

Wonderland 732-8529 

North Slor 
344-o248 

ANTIQUE AUCTION 
Sundov, MOV 8, I 3o PM 
G ary's Antique Auction House 
Lockhort, Tx. 
Coll 398-37o1 

A n tiq u e c o rn e r ch in o ca b in e t. 
Golden Ook w ith c u rv e d fro n t gloss, $175. Call 9-6, 349-43o5. 
A p p ra is a ls In y o u r hom e. An- hques tine arts, collectibles. Cer­ tifie d In v e n to ry , lic e n s e d op- proiser. Phil M oron 734-5668. 

Bedlam Brass Beds 
Twin, Full, Queen, Kingsize 
SOLID BRASS HEADBOARDS 
874 6925 
3123 Brogdwoy 

CASTROVILLE 
V ILLA G E 
EXCHANG E 
F LE A M arket and Street Soles 
Antiques, a rt w ork, plants, crofts, d o ll houses. No clo the s, o r an- imols. $2.oo to set up. Angelo St. 
C ostrovM le. Tx. lOAM lo 6PM , 
May 15th 1-538-2632 

D IJ O N P L A Z A , 77o1 ffR O A D 
W A Y . S p e c io liz m g in P e rio d 
A m e ric a n A n tiq u e and clo cks, lo v e r 2So c lo c k s in in v e n to ry . 
■ Large Pine Cupboard, 18 D row er 
Pine A p o th e c a ry C hest, 2 Am. 
Spider Leg Candle Stands, Shaker 
Rocker, 4 Post Rope Bed, English 
Wooden Condlestick, Bross Cool 
Hod, C o u n try F re n c h B u ffe tt. 
: Tues Sot. 1o-5 826 1991. 

RENNAISSANCE STYLE heavily carved dining room set: server, w ine c o b in e l, ta b le , 6 c h o irs , 
English cooch tru n k ; 2 oil paint ings. (R e a so n a b le , m ust s e ll) 
Coll atter 5:3o, 824-1437. 

9-5 I A llis C halm ers. HD6G w ith R ip ­ per. 
E xcellent 
$12-438-74oo 
Condition 

16 ft. Tondem P lo t bed T ro lle r with brakes $65o. Call 532-7922 

Stained 
Glass 
< 
Doors and Windows 
D aughtry Antiques. 684-o344 
T A IL END ANTIQUES 
Leaded stained doors, panels in Colonies North Malt 

JOHN DEERE 4o1-A 
1972 J D. Diesel in d u strio l tractor i3pt hookup w ith trontend looder la nd box s c ra p p e r w ith rip p e r. 
A lso O sha a p p ro v e d co n o p v 
$625o, con del 695-9218, 695-32o5 
Large portable sign, 4'x8' 
Call 658-1o71 o fte r 5pm 
$2oo 

76 M ille r W elder, gasoline 225, cobles,hoods, rods SHOO 66 OS27. iM is c 
G a ra g e E a u ip m e n t ond 
Supplies. Like New 653-7839. 
MOLE 
Pipe 
Posher 

ANNIVERSARY SALE 
JEW AND USED PIANOS AND 
)R G A N S AT B IG S A V IN G S , some os low os $295. A n tia u e 
(nape, a ra re borgom . Chicker- nq Grand, like new, only $2995 
Jew Spinets, $788. lorge selection. 
Xiso Renl-lo-Buv. 

DacHert’s Music Plaza 
Southside 223-4151 HOO Nogalitos 
Jorthside 654-6441 5235 Walzem 
( J blks Eost of W indsor M oll) 

CRITCHETT PIANO CO 
No Time L im it on R enlols 
Rental Purchase Plan fo r w W oodlawn 
734 4217 

BOERNE and COM FORT shoos welcome you. Inform ofion ■ Gor- den Gate, 316 S. M um , for areo shoos 
Accent, Two on the A rk, 
Hond ond Heart, Boerne House of 
Antiaues. Jody's, This Old House, 
Pioneer West (Leon Springs). In 
Comfort, Com fort Collections and 
M arty's OH Her Rocker. 

Bock From the For East (Ohio) 
1ooo pieces of Depression Glass. 
R o y a l 
D u x , 
A n tia u e 
T o ys, 
Remington & Nutting prints, cop­ per. brass, furn itu re 
414 S. SEGUIN St., CONVERSE 
C LIM ER 'S RU M M AGE BARN 
CASH ANO CARRY 
Antiques, Bottles, P rim itives 
Relics and M any Other Things 
COME S E E !! Open U A M to SPM 
Closed wednesdays and Sundays 
1-742-88o8 during business hours 
Where Hwy 474 cross Hwy 14 
_______ POTEET, TEXAS_______ 

CRAN BER RY COLLECTION 
BESS' ANTIQUES 
545o Old Seguin Rd., 441-5582 

I E a rly V irg in io H untboard, Long- 
I leat Pine 512oo 735-4715._________ 

GASLIGHT ANTIQUES 
I 1525 MC 
CULLOUGH 
227-48o3 
It you have A ntiques, J e w e lry , 
;O ia m o n d s , S te rlin g , G o ld o r 
I O riental Rugs to sell, you'll get the 
Best P ric e fro m San A n to n io 's 
Finest Shop: 

Regency Antiques 
M rs Brenner, 822 544o, 342-5o7o 

LIQUIDATION SALE: 
Continues thru May lith 
Need 
Room 
For 
New 
Merchondise. 
HELETIQUES 
2714 Mc Cullough, 734-3796 

THE BLUMENTHAL 
MERCHANT 
The most interesting antigue shop in Texos. E verything from gloss to E o rly A m erican F u rn itu re at 
Blum enthol, Texos 7 m iles west icluding c ir com pressor, lifts, and of LB J Stole P ork on Hw y 29o. 
— 
----------- 
'-------' ^ -------- 
Open doily except Tuesday Look tor Blum enthol Hwy sign.________ 

ALASKAN MALAMUTE 
The story o f the Aloskcin M olom ute, historica lly on in dispensable work h o rse " o f the 
M ohlem oit Eskimo tribes, begins tw o or three thousand yeors ogo W ith o u t the help o f this big, stronq dog trave l, houlm g sleds, ond herding Reindeer, even lite itself, w ould hove b>een im ­ possible in the frozen N o rth 

Collie pup 6wks, sable white, tem. 
L ittle LOSSle $5o I 42o 28o8 ______ 
Com panion o r watchdog. 3 G e r­ man Shepherds. 635-8541 
(Cute FluHy Kittens S3, 335 A rm y no I, 222-1575 o tte r 3pm iCute tree kittens lo good home 
I yr old female 349-34o4 

R ussian B lu e P e rs ia n k itte n s , loveable treasures S3o S35 822 74o 
SEALPOINT KITTENS 
S2o ea 
626 232o 
SIAMESE KITTE N S, 6 wks $25 
734 96o6 
SILK Y T E R R IE R PUPPIES 
497 3652 
• Springer Sponlel Pups • 
Call 494 3892 
STAFFO RDSHIRE TERRIER S 
822-7666 
Stud S e rvice AKC HO lb 
Dobermon 923-44'j2.________ 
Tiny Yorkie Pups, $2oo Also $ yr old. Good home only 673-251$ 
WANT AN AKC DOG? 
S A. Dog Breeders R e ferral Ser- 
I C ute P u p p ie s : m ix e d b re e d ; r'c e w ill 
V?*! 
" females SS ea 828-8598 iD O B E K M A N Pinscher puppies, 4 mos old. AKC Reg 
P e d ig re e , 
C hom poline bloodlines I black ond rust tem ole, I block and rust m ole All shots Seguin, 379-6362 

 n e a rb y re p u ta b le b re e d e r. 
494 7787, 673 46o3 

POWR 
224-6162 

D O B E R M A N P IN C H E R C LU B 
OF SAN AN TO N IO INC. SANC­ 
TIO N ED B OB M ATCH SundOV 
M a y 15th L o d y B ird Jo h n so n 
Pork 1o7oo Nocogdoches. Entries 
8 :3odm I 3opm Obedience Judg mg IO am. Conform ation Judging 
2 pm, 497 3519, 654 3437, 453 2373 

White M ole Spitz, I yr. i2 i. Grey female (herman Shepherd, I mos. 
125 Call 696 4714 __________ _ 
WIRE FOX T E R R IE R Male Pup pies, Ch Blood 495-8915_________ 

WlpeHalPBd Tepplep 
PUPS 
494-2237 

Doberman Pinscher pups 
A tter 3 3opm 435-72o8 

S e rvice S ta tio n E q u ip m e n t in- 

' Dinerent Drummer 
Antiques-Accessories-Collectables 
1o2o TOWNSEND, 826-3744 
_______ALAM O HEIGHTS_______ 
T H O M P S O N 'S A N T IQ U E S & 
THINGS. 47o5 Riqsbv, 648-4o24 
To Sell your Antiques 
ONE ANO ALL 
Here's the num ber to r you lo coll 
433-26oo, 633-o34o (cosh puid) 
__________JIM LISTER__________ 

• TREASURES• 
Restored T runks; Handpointed 
Collectables; Trunk T rix Books 
GERRY SHARP, 684 147o 

 gas p u m o s , o v e rh e a d d o o rs . 
736 IOU ond 342-22o2____________ 

WHEEL LOADER 
1966 Cose W B B, Power Shift. 2 vd bucket 4 wheel drive, 112 hp diesel engine, $85oo exc. cond Con del. 
695 9218; ‘ 95 32o5 

Sell no longer n eeded household item s in the 

YOUR PET i 
FOR PROTECTION 
W ill tra in YOUR dog ra g o rd le is of bred or size lo protect you, your fam ily and home. 226-3533 day or nile 

 f u n M A T c ¥ t t I* vr Old good tom lly 
Ie school. 8 MOV. 
P.V ^ 

DO BERM AN PU PPIES 7 W k ! 
$75 
661-2474 

Staffordshire Terrier! 

Bull Pups 

C ham pion 
Bloodlines. 

Sire ond Don by Ch. Ruf- fions H arper. 

C all 
R o b ert Sm ith 
7 3 2 .8 6 8 8 

DOG SHOW 
B ulverde M iddle 
R e g is tra tio n 9 to I2 , J u d g in g 
Storts I P M. tor Detoils Call Do 
M C Alaskan Malamule 
Show 
Q uolitv, 
Ch 
Bloodlinas i7o>Hv Bonner I 438 22S4 

I y r 
O ld Reg m ale S p rin g e r 
Spaniel, lo good home tor $2o. All shots ond togs. 4S4-2883 

AKC Bosset Pups, 7 wks, shots, worm ed $1oo 824-5o14 
926-MACHIHIERYTOOLS 

AKC block G erm an Shepherds, 3 mos Shots ond w orm ed 496 o684 

9 2 2 -MOSICALIWSTRHMENTS 
!922• MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS 
I 922• MUSICAimSTRaiXtMTS 
922• >l«SICRlHISTRyMERITS 

DELORES 
LE BLANC • 
Lessons 
Adults and Children 
Call 224-5524 
DR U M SET Bose, Snare, T om ­ 
Tom, sym bols. $75 331 T om m y 
Or. 342-o313. 

1974 H am m ond D e lu xe O rg a n , 
51ooo and assume paym ents. In excellent condition. 495-3227._____ 
H om m ond O rgan M odel M ond 
Leslie Speaker, M odel 9oo, re a ­ sonable call 828-3777 otter 6om. 

Hammond B-3 Organ w ith Leslie speaker 484-4999, 49o-o77o^______ 

THE N U M B I B TO C A I I is 2 3 5 - 1 6 6 6 
EXPRESS A N D NEWS 

Lorge selection of Antique 
PLAYER PIANOS 
ED G AID A S 
AUTOMATIC MUSIC CO. 
28o6 N .Flores___________ 733 1546 
M artin o-18, soft shell cose. New condition 5375 341-3585__________ 

IN THE EXPRESS NEWS 
C A I I 7 3 5 1 6 6 6 

Orgon, G uibransen Pacem oker 4 mos old. Cost $2995. Moke offer 
696-73o2_________________________ 
ORGANS and PIANOS R E N TE D option to buv-no tim e lim it 
Docberfs Music Plaza i 14oo NOGALITOS 
223-4151 
5235 W ALZEM RD 
454-4441 

I 
M P R FS S A N D N I W S 

 fxpr«ss-N«wi 

M EBO UUfD ISE 
M M T 

C a ll 

2 2 5 -1 6 6 6 

J u s t t o y “ C h a rg e l f ” 

AKC block G reat Done Pups 
' ____________ 494-2151____________ 
AKC Boston T e rrie r, tem Blk- white, brindle $125 1-3.34 2329 
AKC Boxer females, 512$. eo Cull 
461 4444.________________________ 
AKC Boxer Poppies, Show Oooli- 
Ty 496 o223 otter 6 p m 
. AKC Boxer Puppies, Show Quoit* 
A A AKC SHIH TZU PUPS i Moles, Femoles, Shots 342-7o3o 
A C FA RE G . S ilv e r C h in c h illo 
P e rs io n 
K itte n s . 
SICO eo 
1-549-88o4 Weekends 1-549-4o88 lA d o ro b le AKC Y o rk ie F em ale 
{Pups. Reg and Pedigree Pooers given worm free, shots 
S25o 
824 44H ________________________ 
Adorable AKC Cocker Spaniels 8 wks 585 . 433-4293________________ 
A d o ra b le C o llie P u p p ie s, o u r- 
,ebred 822 74o3; 822-74o3________ 
A d ora ble W hite M in A m e rica n 
Eskim o pups 8 wks. Need homes p rice r educed, m ust sell 349-42o1 
Atghon, block rnosk, apricot. ' 
I_______Iveor 532 5829 oft 5 

IS 3 7 5 1 6 6 6 
EXPRESS A N O NEWS 

USED EQ UIPM EN T 
FOR SALE OR RENT 
1 Persons SO Trencher 
2 Porsons 75 Trenchers 
I P a rson s 255 T re n c h e r, is ti. deep. 24 in wide 
I Allied /OOO B HoRom 
I John Deere 35o-B loader 
' portable hydraulic power units, 
II GPM, HOO PSI 
I Used Asphalt drug box 

CDDPER EQUIPMENT 
8733 Broadway, 826-6314 

932* AUCTION SALE 

I tv. 696 o223 Otter 6 p m 
_ 
I 
AKC BR IT TA N Y SPAN IEL 
PUPS 
«_________ 653 827o 
AKC B ritta n y Sponiet puppies, 7 wks. reosonoble 492-2797 
AKC COCKER PUPS, Butt, shots, wormed. 494 3338 
AKC COCKER PUP 
Ch Sired Butt, 6S8-45Q4 
AKC <:c>ckERS. 2 Butt males left. 
674 39o6 _______________ 
AKC C o cke r Soom et P u p p ie s. 
Silver Butt il2S 633-2729 
—■.■■im— ................ mii im 
V K ' 
- p m m aM B iis-atts shots 734-5374, 8 to $ weekciovs 
; ask fo r N ile 

ADAMS A ADAMS 
Protessionol Auction Service 
Appraisals and Liquidations 
$12-855 62o6 Tx GS 77-oo62 , oo63 
"K E Y TO G REA TER SALES " 
, G rover Howell Co, Auctioneers 
Houston, Tx 
TXGC-77-oIS4 
I 
S A Office 11o31 Wye D rive 
Allen Howell ($12) 656-113o 

I AKC Collie Puppies, Soble-Whife, 
. 7 wks, shots, worm ed $7o each. 
I 1-538 258o 

C H IC K E N & p o u l t r y SWAP 
M E E T O P E N a g a i n . L o v in g 
Hens $1 SOBO 624-2174 

942 • Farm EoylpmenlSoppllRS 

BAROAINS 
! MF88 plow 4 bim 5125o, O liver 3 
' bim plow $275, M F J b tm plow 
5275, BOI F ord diesel $285o, BN j Ford $1295 648 1131. 454 2478 
I BIG ROUND Bater-Oem o 5485o 
I Used W indrow er $25oo New Bole 
L o o d e rs 175o. E W A L D FO R D 
T R A C T O R S , 
IH -1o 
H w y 46, 
: Sequin, Tx I 379 4591____________ 
E Z 
RAIN 
IR RIG ATIO N 
SP RINKLER 
Self Propelled, w oters 4oo ft bv 'x mite S4Soo I 879 2294 Cotulla Tx 

MORE 

CLASSIFIED 

ON PAGE 

.S M 

FOR SALE 
BABY CHICKS ANO 
TURKEYS 448-993o. 

 a [ SKAGGS 

DRUGS & FOODS 

S P E C I A L S E L E C T I O N S 
F O R M 
O T H E R ' S D A Y 

WOVEN STAINED WOOD 
FERN STAND 

ELEGANT PLANT STANO 
IN YOUR CHOICE OF WALNUT 
OR NATURAL FINISH WILL 
COMPLEMENT ANY DECOR. 

GREAT SIFT 
FOR MOM! 

— r n 

 j p 

 r n 
WW i t ! 

COLOR THAT 
LOOKS WET 
EVEN WHEN 
IT’S ORY! 
CREMES ANO 
FROSTEDS. 

ONCE-A-YEAR SPECIAL 
EMERAUDE 

EAU DE 
COLOGNE 
IN AN 8- 
OUNCE 
SPLASH 
BY COTY l l 

— rn 
,4f 
I--.- i 
■» 

FOR IN-HOUSE PLANT CARE 
TOOL SET 

S INCH WICKER BASKET 
CONTAINS TROWEL. HOE. 
SHOVEL. AND GLASS 
PLANT ATOMIZER. 

4 MUST FOR 
EVERY ROME PL RHT 
EHTHUSUST 

PRO-PRAM 4 PLY 
1o-LB. JUTE 

EXCELLENT 
QUALITY 
JUTE CORD 
FOR CRAFTS 
AND MACRAME. 
1oo% NATURAL 

ASSORTED WOODEN 
BEADS 

YOUR CHOICE 
OF OUR 
ENTIRE 
SELECTION 
ASST. SIZES 
AND COLORS 
PKG. 

SLICED 
ACON 

WILSON'S 
CERTIFIED 
; # ■ 

U S D A C H O IC E BEEF A R M CU T 
S J 1 8 

ECKR ICH FULL C O O K E D 
REG O R BEEF i p 
SWISS STEAK 
SMOKED SAUSAGE 
RICOTTA CHEESE ™ 
........................."-.‘ ‘ I 1’ 

I H 
A I / W H 
I 
I 
P 
I 
T 
O S C A R M A Y E R V A R IE T Y P A C v a ox S *1 3 9 
LUNCH MEAT?.o. ^ ? . ^ 
«co I 
CHUCK S 
T 
E A 
K 
........................- 88c 
LINK SAUSAGE MoRMEl.s.uniE.s,.zztEe? 
88* 
GERMAN FRANKS— 5................................*133 
SLICED CHEESE e°RDEN:“ 
.A“ us *27‘ 
SHRIMP C R IS P S ...^ ...........................- ' I 73 
UBE STEAK 

 es 

(ROZEN FOODS 
.EMON ADE n”" K. ."“..“'."T' 
6 
WAFFLES.”".” 
.............................6 - 51 
CHEESE CAKE ““ u:................... rjst79(* 

GRADE 
"A” FRYERS 

A 
" 

GRADE m 

I- .. • 

 a s 
LB. 
DELIC A TESSEN 

CHOPPED BROCCOLI 
JANCI LEI 
IO OZ. 
. . PKO.37* 

"SPECIAL LUNCH FOR MOM” 
CHOICE OF: ROAST BEEF, 
BAKED HAM OR TURKEY 
& DRESSING 

PLUS: 2-HOT VEGETABLES. DINNER ROLLS A 

COFFEE OR ICE TEA 
ONLY 

JENO’S 
PIZZA 

ASSORTED VARIETIES 

WHITE SWAN 
BISCUITS 

SWEETMILK 

OR BUTTERMILK 

8 OZ. 
IO CT. 
TIN 

& 
JANET LEE 
CATSUP 

2o 
OZ. 
BOTT.. 

WE CARE ABOUT YOU! 
AT YOUR NEARBY SKAGGS ALBERTSONS ANO 
SKAGGS DRUG CENTERS YOUR FAMILY’S HEALTH f * 
IS OUR MAJOR CONCERN, YOUR PRESCRIPTION 
IS FILLED PROMPTLY, ACCURATELY, AND WITH f # 
THE FINEST DRUGS AT THE LOWEST PRICE. 

 rn s n o w y w ow ocate 

PRODUCE 
BANANAS 

GOLDEN RIPE, U.S. No. I 
CENTRAL AMERICA 

CALIFORNIA NAVIIS SW U ! A JUICY 
LBS. 
S i 39 
7 
- i i 

§ 
C i a o 
J 
, 
ORANGES 
POTATOES 
- ........4 i i 
CELERY CRISP 4 CRUNCHY, LA R O ! STALKS 
..49* 
BROCCOLI 
...........- 49* 
ARTICHOKES .r~:.rr,.-.“Ro: “ 
4 i i 

BLEACH 
PORK & BEANS™” 
5 23’ 
PRESERVES"™ ~ ~ s 59* 
CRACK E R S - “ ............*.49* 
POTATOES 

JAPHET ICI 
WMOtf OR SUCCO 

CAKE DONUTS 
CHOCOLATE 
GLAZED 

SUGARED 

CHOCOLATE CHIPS 

FOR 

29 
COO KI ES 
.........36 ™ I 
DINNER ROLLS” 
2. 69 
COFFEE CAKES 
98 

MR. COFFEE 
FILTERS 

% 
BGX OF rn too 
FILTERS 
FIT MOST 

AVAILABILITY 
U c n of th ew advertised items is required lo be readily available tor sate at or below the advertised price rn each 
Albertson s store except as specifically noted in this ad 

R A M C M C C X 

Me strive lo have on hand sufficient stock of advertised merchandise lf for any rea­ son we are out of stock a 
RAIN C H IC K will be issued enabling you lo buy the item ai the advertised price is soon as if becomes available 

| 

PROFESSIONAL 

4.6-OZ. TOOTHPASTE 
AIM 

BISCUITS 
2s25* 

R A U ARP CW U T 

RED GEL 
CONTAINS 
STANNOUS 
FLUORIDE 
ANTI-CAVITY 
INGREDIENT 

S5 DEODORANT 
TAMPONS 

ECONO BOX 
OF PLAYTEX 
TAMPONS. 
YOUR CHOICE 
OF REGULAR 
OR SUPER. 

PARKAY 

O H O 
KRATT, 
BISCUITS 
WLUGURY HUNGRY 
JACK. SWUTMAK 
OR RUnOMMUt 
PRESERVES 

“ 
8 8 * 

K R A T T 
SIRA WI 
BISCUITS 

3 
£ 
’ l 

PMX SRU TY HUNGRY 
JACK R v m w 
TAST R I O . . . . . . . . . 
OLEO 

PRICK IFFICTIVI SUN.. MON.. 4 

TUfS., M AY B, 9, 4 IO, 1477 
SAN ANTONIO HAS 
3 CONVENIENT LOCATIONS 
IH4IO AT BANDERA ROAD 
57o7 BANDERA RD. • 684-8852 
WEST AVENUE AT BLANCO 
11743 WEST AVENUE • 349-5287 
WALZEM RD. AT MIDCROWN 
5538 W ALZEM ROAD • 656-62oo 
WE ARE OPEN 
24 HOURS A 
M Y, 7 N V S 

A WEEKI 
KRATT 
FARRAY 
' PKG. 

An Advertising Supplement to the SAN ANTONIO EXPRESS-NEWS, Sunday, May 8, 1977 
UINUS S A T U K D A i 

Look inside for more savings, Special Buys, values at our regular low prices. Select items on sale till end of month. Some quantities limited. 
$5o-$8o off all our sofas! 
Visit Wards now and see our entire sofa collection. 

IS 

 i.O » 

 j v — »V-*' 

Every sofa in stock is on sale! Here’s one of the great values you’ll find: elegant Early American style sofa. 
Ma 
- * 

 o t |>* 

*5j| 

Charming sofa in rayon velvet with outline-quilted colonial print. Com­ fortable pillow backs; reversible seat cushions for twice the wear. Maple finished hardwood trim. 9o"L. 

Loveseat, regularly 379.99 .......... 329.88 
Rocker, regularly 259.99.............. 229.88 
Ottoman, regularly 89.99................79.88 
Sleeper (not shown) reg. 549.99, 479.88 3991 
Regularly 
.99 

Complete the Early American look with tables: cocktail, end, or hex commode. 
Honey-pine finish over wood products. 
Your choice, reg. 99.99 each................79.88 

SS* ' I 
: > - ' 
" Z»- v ■ 

 rn c 

WARDS CHARG-ALL CREDIT IS THE CONVENIENT WAY TO PAY FOR HOME FURNISHINGS 
I 
Looking for great values? See us. 
IO 

Save $1o5 

3-pc solid pine group gives your bedroom a rustic colonial look. 
499s8 

Regularly 6o4.99 

Set: full/queen headboard and footboard with cannonball posts, triple dresser, hutch-mirror with spice box drawers and curio shelves. Mellow honey-pine finish. Center-guided drawers. 
6-drawer chest, regularly $245.......$2o5 
Nightstand, regularly 1o4.99...........89.88 
Wood table lamp, reg. 69.99............49.88 
Hurricane lamp, reg. 29.99..............19.88 
Great bedroom values. 

Tl it WW/> 

* , 
, a WA 
---------—x 
F 
. ~ 
» * 
{*. t* ■ r- 
: 

I'ju t. 

Sa 

 i ’-J lilt 
■ ' # 1 ' 
Save $4 to $3o 
Gracefully styled, French 
Provincial furniture. 

 lr 

Av** 

 f ? / 
1 

- • 
. . 

Your choice 
A thru E 7Q88 
M 
A W Regularly 
W 
1o9.99 

? 

SSS 

®twin size 4-poster bed* 
GD lingerie chest 
GD single dresser 
© powder table 
© large hutch 
Satiny-white finish on hardwoods; gold-tone trim. Micarta* plastic tops and plastic curved drawer fronts resist mars, stains. 
S student desk, reg. 119.99 ..................... 99.88 
U matching chair, reg. 44.99 ................. 39.88 
U small mirror, reg. 59.99 ...................... 49.88 pi double dresser, reg. 149.99................ 129.88 pi nightstand, reg. 69.99.......................... 59.88 
o twin/full canopy frame, reg. 22.99___18.88 
Full-size poster bed,* reg. 1o9.99 .......... 89.88 
Cane-look swag lamp, reg. 29.99 .......... 24.88 

*Bedding, canopy, springs, rails, extra; unassembled. 

DONT FORGET TO BRING YOUR CHARG-ALL CARD FOR CONVENIENT SHOPPING AT WARDS 

$5o sleeper savings. 

Save $5o. Queen colonial in Scotchgard®-treated nylon. 

©Resists stains. Maple- 
O HF A S S finished hardwood trim. 
J 
High-back comfort. 81 ”L. 
Reg. 429.99 

Save $5o. Queen sleeper in long-lasting Herculon® olefin. 
29988 
® Resists stains. Modern styling with reversible seat cushions. 78 "L. 
Reg. 349.99 

Save $5o. Contemporary look in plaid Herculon® olefin fabric. 

© Standard size with 
Q Q A S 8 urethane foam mattress. 
Cushions reverse. 68"L. 
Reg. 279.99 

Save $1o to $1oo 
Wards bedding gives the comfort your body needs for a good night’s sleep. 
Save $4o. Super-firm Air Glide bedding. 
69s8 

- 
-MNK* 
— , 
SP-1' 

■r-se- 
. 
A * 
~ 
... - - iaSfe. 

■ fl- ■ 
- 
• 
- 
• 
^ 

_ j™ - - 

.. 
^ 

Innerspring mattress or torsion-support foundation. Combine both for relaxing sleep. Deeply quilted floral print cover. 
Twin, each piece, regularly 1o9.95 
129.95 full, each piece, 89.88 
259.9o full foam* set, 179.76 
219.9o twin foam* set, 139.76 
319.95 queen 2-pc. set**, 239.88 
419.95 king 3-pc set* *, 319.88 
TVvin or full angle-steel bedframe; regular low price...............27.95 
Save $3o. Regal-firm Riviera bedding. 

Choose innerspring mattress or torsion- support foundation for deep comfort. Has edge and corner supports. Damask cover. 
99s8 
Twin, each piece, regularly 129.95 
149.95 full each piece, 119.88 
2 9 9 .9 o full foam* s e t ... 239.76 
259.9o twin foam* s e t .. 199.76 
369.95 queen 2-pc. set**, 3o9.88 
499.95 king 3-pc. set**, 399.88 

Urethane foam 
**innerspring or urethane foam 

Fairlai beddin 
49* 
Twin, ea. j reg. 59.9 
Moderate- innersprin mattress. < foundatior same savii 
Not »h< 

/IAONTGO/I/IER 

LET CHARG-ALL SIMPLIFY 
YOUR BUDGETING 

H gW CU LO N l 

Wall-A-Matic recliner is a space-saver. 

Reg. 279.99 

*j Recliner in easy-clean vinyl. 
Glides away from wall when you sit; moves close to wall when you stand. Adjusts to any position. 
Sits inches from the walt 

Glides out automatically. 
Reg. 269.99 

OD Recliner in Herculon* olefin. 
Smart soil-resistant fabric keeps its just-bought look. Sits inches from wall, moves automatically. 

CHARG-ALL LETS YOU 
ENJOY IT NOW, WITHOUT DELAY 

Moves back when you stand 
*5o savings 

Thete recliners suit your comfort 

 h e r c u l o n 
La-Z-Boy Reclina-Rocker in 3 styles 
27988 

Reg. 329.99 

Distinctive "English pub” style. 
Easv-care NaugahydeK vinyl and thick urethane padding. Has mag­ azine compartment on side. 

22988 
22988 

4P 

Reg. 279.99 

Maple-trimme 
Reclina-Rocker. 

Style and comfort. Warm solid maple accents soil-resistant Her­ culon* olefin upholstery. 

'Du Pant’s registered trademark for its fabric fluoridizen 

Reg. 279.99 

Traditional style in smart nylon. 
ZE-PEL*-treated to retain its new look longer. 3-position footrest. 
La-Z-Boys now start as low as 169.88. 

Save $4o. Beautiful hardwood rocking chair. 

Lt. and seat 

 pine finish solid pine 
Back slats 
88 

 are contoured. 99 
Reg. 139.99 

Save *4o. Recliner in easy-care Naugahyde^ vinyl. 

King-size model ^ y f has rich leather X T look and feel. 
Reg. 189.99 
- Four positions. 

Save *3o. Recliner in smart fabric combination. 

Naugahyde11 vi- oo88 nyl and Herculon '• O t / olefin cover. 
Reg. 119.99 
Others now start as low as 69.88 

/VIOIVTGO/VXER 

Super redwood values 

Take your pick: Weirds best redwood chaise, chair with ottoman, or swivel rocker. ss- KUoo 
o,8,o 

Clear-grained redwood will add rustic beauty to your porch or patio for years to come. Its stained and sealed for weather protection. Unassembled. 

GD chair alone, reg. 79.99...................................72.88 
GD ottoman alone, reg. 29.99 ............................ 25.88 
® 5-pc. BRQ set, reg. 219.99 ...........................189.88 
Pp 8Ms-ft. dia. umbrella, reg. 79.99 .................. 69.88 
© umbrella base, reg. 12.99...............................9.88 
(g) tete-a-tete, reg. 139.99...................................119.88 

Save 
oo88 
32% 
Reg. 
49.99 
3-pc redwood BBQ set 
Genuine California red­ wood. 58 "L table and two benches. Unassembled. 

Contemporary-style 5-pc dinette has large 72-inch-long oval table 

Wood-look plastic surface resists mars. 4 swivel bucket chairs on casters. 
Reg. $5oo 

Our 7-piece casual dining set has attractive parquet-look table top. 

Chairs, upholstered in ^ leather-look vinyl, have I b u tton -tu fted b acks. 
„ 

WHY PASS UP A GOOD BUY? APPLY FOR A CHARG-ALL ACCOUNT TO BUY IT NOW 

Fine decorator lamps 

Lovely, delicate hurricane lamp. 

® Hand-blown glass with floral motif. Glass chimney. 
■ 
Brass-tonehardware. 

Regularly 29.99 
Striking chrome-and-brass lamp 
© Contemporary. Chrome 
Cf Cl lamp with brass-look accents. 
^ 
Pleated vinyl shade. rn, W 

Regularly 39.99 
Trio of high-fashion table lamps. 
© Flickering candles in lan- o "^ tern base add charm. 
® Capiz shell shade. Brass- tone base. Hand-polished. 
©Hand-blown optic glass. 
Regularly49.99,51.99 
Night-light in base. 
2o% off select lampshades. 
Reg. 2.99-26.99, now.............2.39-21.59 
USE WARDS CHARG-ALL CREDIT 

5 j *12-*2o off 
Durable steel storage cabinets. 

A *12 off our utility/shelf cabinet. 
5 shelf spaces for lots of storage. Vinyl ^ 
* " 7 8 8 woodgrain handles on doors. 24xl2x6o"h. T T f Reg 
59.99 
® *12 off rich walnut-tone wardrobe. 
Full-width top shelf and hanger bar. 
Durable baked-on finish. 28xl9x6o"high. 
/ Reg. 
59.99 
© $2o off woodgrain-look wardrobe. 

Full-width top shelf and hanger bar pro- CQ 88 vide plenty of storage space. 3oxl9x63"h. 
Rn . 
79.99 
© *15 off large utility/shelf cabinet. 

5 shelf spaces. In appliance colors with £ ^ ^ ^ 8 8 
Cherrywood trim, handles. 3oxl2x6o"h. 
J U J / Reg. 
74.99 
© $2 o off cherrywood-top base cabinet. I 

IO" backsplash, spice rack. 2 shelf spaces 
8 8 below. In appliance colors. 24x2ox36"h. 
Q JI Re,. 

Fully assembled except for bandies and backsplasb. 

4-shelf cabi-1 net. In white. 
2ox12x6o"h. 

Reg OQ99 
42.99 4-57 

Sale! Save $15o now on 5o sq.yds. of Wards saxony plush “Calais” carpet 

Rugged new Dac­ ron® Super-Bright polyester pile has elegant pencil-point surface. 13 beauti­ ful colors. 
Reg. 1o.99 sq.yd. 

*5o-*15o off 13 more styles, 
1o3 colors. Here are some. 
Save *5o! “Highwood.” 
Durable level-loop con­ struction means extra- long wear. Nylon pile, foam back. 4 colors. 
Reg. 4.99 sq.yd. 
Save *5o! “Mill Valley?’ 
Multi-level-loop nylon pile—easy mat a q 
Cushiony-soft foam 1 ^ * 7 *7 
O ' to maintain backing. 4 multi-tone colorations 
[Reg. 6.99 sq.yd. 

>» 

Save *1oo! Today ’s “Creston.” 
Sturdy nylon pile is heat-set for (" V O Q texture retention. Sculptured sur- 
M face definition. 6 multi-colors. 
W 
Save *15o! Lovely “Desire.’ 
Ban-Lon^-approved carpet of sax- ony plush nylon pile for extra-long 3 ^ wear, easy care. IO colors. 
Save *15o! Posh “Symphony.’ 
Q99 

Reg. 11.99 sq.yd. 

>» 

Sculptured saxony nylon pile. Ban- 
Lon*-approved for durability, ease of care. 7 multi-colors. 

LET WARDS INSTALL IT at our famous low prices. 
Call today for free at-home flooring estimate. 

Save 
16-33% 
Rugged, versatile! 
In/outdoor carpet. 
199 
I Reg 2. mtm sa.vd. 
Reg. 2.99 sq.yd. 

All easy-care polypro­ pylene olefin pile. 
"Patio” tufted-look. 
Reg. 5.49...............3.99 
"Spring Lawn** grass- look. Reg. 5.99----- .4.99 

Save 25% 
Popular 6x9' fringed oval short-shag rug. 
4488 
“ 
~ R e g . 59.99 
Easy-care, long-wear nylon pile. 4 " matching fringe. 5 rich colors. 
Save 2o% 
Wards no-wax vinyl flooring saves time. 
2 
7 7 
Reg. 3.49 sq.yd. 
Never needs wax! Soft foam core, asbestos back. 
Many colors, styles. 

2o% off our floor tile. 
35* 
Reg. 444 each. 
15.75 per ctn 

Easy-Stik1'—peel off back, press into place. Vinyl/asbes­ tos. 12x12". 
I 

7M 

A/lOIVTGO/l/tER 

26.99 full siz e ................21.59 

31.99 queen size 
25.59 

39.99 Idng size 
31.99 
16.99 drapes, 48x63 " pr. 13,59 
17.99 drapes, 48x84” pr. 14.39 

£ 
« r * 
“ 
Curtain Carousel/ 
MI Wards curtains 

Stitchless-quilted twin spread. 
Polyester/cotton top 
Q Q Q and back over Wardfill 9 polyester. Washable. 
Regularly 2399 

All Wards curtains reduced during 
Matching valances and swags on sale, our Curtain Carousel—all styles, too. Made of modern, machine-wash- sizes and colors. You get yesterday’s able and dryable fabrics* that need prices, today’s easy care. Cafes, Cape little or no ironing. Many have color- 
Cods, ruffled and tailored tiers. ful trims for accents. See them soon! 

'FMC Corp. Avlin* polyester, Avril* rayon. Eastman Kodak Co. Kodel* polyester. 
Fiber Industries Inc. Fortrel* polyester. Du Pont Dacron* polyester. 
31.99 fuD siz e ................26.88 
35.99 queen s iz e 
3o.88 
4o.99 king size............. 35.88 

13.99 drapes, 48x63” pr. 1188 
15.99 drapes, 48x84" pr. 1388 

All stylish comforters, and bedspread ensembles 
Wishing for a bedroom with a "custom decorator” look? Save now on huge col­ lection of special-order bedspread en­ sembles, and comforters with matching draperies, shams, other accessories. 

USE WARDS CHARG-ALL CREDIT 

Washable quilted twin bedspread 
Cotton/polyester top, oo88 polyester back, poly- ester fill. Color choice. 
_Regularly 27.99 

— Save 25% u t if ti* 
Our “Lisbon” draperies 
Custom drapery fabric, lining and expert labor. 

Decorative custom-made woven woods 
Compare! 
Winter blue 

Reg. $2o,5ox63 "pr 
Decorative traverse rods. 
Choose from walnut, antique brass or bright brass. 
28-48" size, reg. low price 14.5o 
48-84" size, reg. low price $24 
84-156” size, reg. low price $35 

Lovely, open-weave ready-mades. Linen­ like horizontal stripes on open-weave ground. Machine wash-no ironing needed. 
5ox84" pr., regularly $22, n o w ....................16.5o 
75x84" pr„ regularly $43, now ................... 32.25 
1oox84" pr., regularly $55, n o w ..................4L25 
125x84" pr., regularly $77, now..................57.75 
15ox84" pr., regularly $9o, now..................67.5o 
1oox84" patio panel, reg. $64.........................$48 
1/3 off made-to-length sizes up to 1o8" long. 
Some colors special order. 

Over 15oo color and fabric combinations. Our decora­ tor will show you swatches in your home, take exact measurements, advise you. 

Call phone number on back cover for free estimate. Cus­ tom available in larger stores. 

Order any size. Call Wards soon to have our decorator show you samples at home of wood tones, colored yarns in a variety of styles. 

Call phone number on back cover for free estimate. Cus­ tom available in larger stores. 

Golden brown 
Oyster white 

Celery green 

12937 

HOO off. 

Reg. 449.95 

Enjoy the view on Wards 19" diagonal Auto Color portable. 

I-button color tun- a a o o ing, slotted mask and 
& £ j y in-line gun. Deluxe plastic cabinet. 

Wards color portable TV. 
*318 

Ward* low price. 

19" diagonal pic­ ture. IOO# solid state durability. 
Plastic cabinet. 
129o7 

*13o off. _ 

Weirds 25" diagonal - console TV with 
Auto Color tuning. 
499s8 

Regularly 629.95 

• Auto Color lets you tune brightness, tint, color and contrast all at the touch of a button 
• AFC "locks in” sharpest possible picture, sound 

• Solid state chassis for reliable performance 

• Twin-mounted speakers deliver rich, deep sound I 

17227 

Spanish-styled oak-printed cabinet 

Simulated reception on all TVs shown. 
Buy now—big savings! 

Deluxe AM/FM-stereo receiver with 8-track tape recorder. 

Recorder has ALC, switched Auto Stop, I O A R R 
2 mikes, blank tape. 
X M % J 
Vinyl-clad cabinet. 
Reg. 199.95 

Your choice. 

AM radios for pocket, bath. 

 t * 
M 
£88 

Reg. 
Reg. 6.99 

Listen to music wherever you are. 
With batteries. 

Includes 2 mikes and I blank tape cartridge. 

*8o off. 

Wards contemporary console stereo has 
8-track recorder. 
249“ 

Regularly 329.95 

• Create stereo tapes with 
8-track recorder and player. 
• AM/FM/FM-stereo receiver 
• Full-sized automatic record changer in a drawer 
• Choice of walnut-grained or white vinyl-clad cabinet 

1oV 
SAVE NOW AT WARDS LOW PRICES—NO MONEY DOWN WITH WARDS CHARG-ALL CREDIT 

HOO off. Deluxe ranges. 
/ I 

~ . . . 
W 
________ 
Gas or electric range with automatic oven. 
Your choice: 

Regularly 499.95 

Gas model has pilotless ignition. 
• No pilots in burners or oven 
• Fully autom atic oven cleans continuously as you cook 
• LiftAock top • Digital clock 

Electric has self-cleaning oven. 
• Preset oven to cook or clean and turn itself off autom atically 
• Lift-up top, plug-out elements 
• Digital clock with 1-hr timer 

*4o off. 

Other Wards gas and electric ranges are priced as low as 
*199 

Your choice: Electric or gas 3o-in. range. 
*259 
Regularly 299.95 

Electric range has automatic oven-cooks, shuts off at pre­ set times. Clock, 4-hr. timer. 
Gas range has Lo-Tfemp con­ trol oven-keeps food serving warm. Roast meat minder. 

 c; 
; 

USE WARDS CHARG-ALL CREDIT TO BUY THAT APPLIANCE NOW—NO DOWN PAYMENT REQUIRED 

Save *11o now. 
Make the most of food specials. 
Buy our big-capadty freezer! 
*3oo88 each 

Regularly 439.95 

Stock up 21-cu. ft. upright. 
4 shelves keep food in reach; in­ side light helps find it. Power-on signal light; safety lock, key. 
26-cu.ft., our biggest chest. 
3 baskets, dividers help keep food handy. Inside and signal lights. Safety lock and key. 

Other chest freezers from $189 

Ends mess! 
Wards 3ooo-lb force compactor compresses trash to 1/6 volume. 
Puts a w e e k ’s worth of trash for an average family of 4 into I neat bag. 
*158 

Ward* low price. 

M O N T G O M E R Y 

Save *9o to *12o now. 

Wards full-featured refrigerator/freezers. 
Your choice. 
21.4-cubic foot top-mount, was 529.95 last fall. 

^ You never defrost; big 6.6-cu.ft. freezer uo Meat keeper keeps meat fresh, ready to cook 

 wo Twin crispers for fruits and vegetables i* Butter and cheese compartments, egg rack u* Handsome smoked-glass-look interior accents 
Wards has 17-cubic foot top-mount refrigerator/freezers priced as low as *349 43988 

No extra charge for color now. 

2o.1-cu.ft. side-by-side refrigerator, reg. 559.95 

 vo No frost builds up; 6.54-cu.ft. freezer 
Meat keeper for storing fresh meat 
Four cantilevered shelves are adjustable 

 vo Has double egg racks, 4 shelves in door vo Moves on rollers for cleaning underneath 
3-door side-by-side 19.9-cubic foot refrigerators are priced as low as *399 

 k\v.*vv. 
Our convenient auto ice-maker. 
Provides a constant supply of ice cubes. 
Optional, extra for both models shown. 

2136 

12U 
NO DOWN PAYMENT REQUIRED WHEN YOU ADD IT TO YOUR WARDS CH ARG-ALL ACCOUNT 

AUTO 
' 
DHY 

8 wash cycles do delicates to permanent-press. 

Water-saver lets you choose the water level. 

18-lb capacity saves you time on washday. 

Automatic dry takes guesswork out of drying. 

18-Ib. capacity lets you wash big loads 
& 4 wash/rinse temperature combinations 
^ Water-saver saves water on small loads vo Built-in bleach dispenser, lint filter agitator vo Heavy-duty 2-speed, Vi-hp motor 

 u* 4 fabric settings, including permanent-press 
^ Automatic dry control shuts off dryer when clothes are completely dry—saves energy 
^ Porcelain drum, handy up-front lint filter 
18-lb. gas dryer, reg. 249.95, now 229.88 

*2o off. 
Wards upright vacuum even cleans shag rugs. 
88 
59 
Regularly 79.95 

Beater-bar pounds out dirt; bristle brush, suction whisk it away. 3-position handle. 
Settings for high, low pile. 
Upright vacs as low as $48. 

3o3 
Auto two-sided edge cleaner. 

Great buy. 
Wards 2-motor powerhead vacuum with attachments. 
Get upright brush 
$ 7 5 ^ action, powerful 
• O canister suction. 
Wards low price. 

WARDS CHARG-ALL CREDIT IS THE CONVENIENT WAY TO PAY FOR NEW APPLIANCES 
I 

13T 

Value. 
Plus-capacity, 
4-cycle washer. 
. r n 
$1QQ Wards 
JL low price. 
Reg., short, soak. pre-wash cycles. 3 temp combinations. 
Dryers low as $119. 
6o27 

I* 
V 

7418 

$11o off die pair. 
Work-saving washer, dryer. 

Expert service nationwide. 

No extra charge for color now. 

Save 
$5-$2o 
Bright decorating ideas from Wards. 

Your choice 
® • ® Reg. 59.99 

® 6-light chandelier has antiqued bronze finish. 22" wide. Bulbs extra. 
© Ball crown chandelier features forty 2-inch crystal drops. 15"w. 
© Bubble-glass swag. 
Q 8 R 
6-in light-amber globes. 
Two 5'chains, hardware. 
Reg. 14.99 

© Ceiling fixture. 
17-in glass diffuser with walnut-colored wood frame. 

© 5-light chandelier. 
Hobnail glass shades, wood column. 19" dia. 14" high. 

© Solid brass lantern. 
Amber lozengedglass. Has weathered finish. 15Vfe" h. 
Dimmer, reg. low price 3.99 

Unassembled. 
Save ^£>-*25 
The look of fine furniture 
—matching shelf units. 

O verall size of e a c h u n i t is 
32xl6x72"h. Wal­ nut color cover. 

 f Reg- 
69.99 
Six-shelf unit. 

® Reg. 
A Q ! 
94.99 U t/ 
5-shelf, drop desk. 
74" 
6-shelf with cabinet 

Reg. 24.99 

Reg. 39.99 

Reg. 19.99 

Save 2o% 

Go Early American with 
“Salem Square” cabinets 

Made like fine furniture with oak veneer center panels and solid hardwood frames. Coun­ tertop, sink and fittings extra. 
1oty off custom countertops. 

Installation at regular low price. 

 a . rn 

 r n . 

$5o off. 48" golden- tan vinyl bench booth. 

Reg.$249 

Butcher block-look top. 
Washable. Chairs extra. 
I Sty off custom booths. 

MAKE HOME IMPROVEMENTS NOW—NO MONEY DOWN WITH WARDS CHARG-ALL CREDIT 

INTERIOR LATEX FLAT 

* 
^ w to c s m o d s s io o o 

/YAO NTC; OZM ER 

Paint sale! 

1/2 Off. “Wall Paint”. 
o99 
• 1o-color interior latex flat 
• Easy soap-and-water cleanup 

OII. “Acrylic Latex” 
• 15-color exterior latex flat 
• Easy soap-and-water cleanup 

* OII* “Custom Color” in over 1ooo shades 
• Fast-drying interior latex 
• Available in flat or semi-gloss 
M 
• Spot-resistant, colorfast rn 
• Easy soap-and-water cleanup 
M 
Reg. 11.99 

EXTERIOR LATEX ti# 

 a 
HOUSE f 

* * OII. “Ehirability Plus” exterior. 
• I-coat latex in IOO colors 
• Flat or semi-gloss finish 
M 'I 
• Durable in extreme weather l l 
I 
• Blister-and mildew-resistant l l 
I 
• Non-yellowing, non-fading 
I 
J 
• Easy soap-and-water cleanup 

Silicone Acry1,c 

One-Coat '■<’****" 
Superior Durability too Color* 

Give a distinctive flair to your bath with our 2o" vanity. 

*4 off. 2-valve lavatory faucet 
Chrome handles, cast-brass 
1 C 8 8 body and spout Pop-up incl. 
A O 
42.85 best m o d el 
32.88 
Reg 19.9! 

*18 off. 
Space-saving 2o bathroom vanity. 

* ^ R e g . 57.95 
Perfect for small bathrooms. Low-back- splash top. Unassem­ bled; faucet extra. 

White or walnut-finished wood veneer. 
Low-backsplash top. Door attached w/full-length piano hinge to hard­ wood front frame. 2-position shelf. 
93.95,2o" high-back model .... 74.88 
24" 2-door, reg. 121.95, now .... 94.88 
3o" 2-door, reg. 148.95, now ... 119.88 
173.95,3o" 2-door, 3-drawer... 149.88 
Easy to assemble: faucet extra. 

MAKE HOME IMPROVEMENTS NOW—NO MONEY DOWN WITH WARDS CHARG-ALL CREDIT 

 ll great values here. 

Save 28% 
Floral muslin twin-size sheet. 
249 
Reg. 3.49 

Sanforized* cotton/ polyester; flat, fitted. 
Full, reg. 4.49, 3.49 
Std. cases, reg. 3.19,2.49 

Save $5 
Picture clock in hardwood frame. 
M S 
Reg. 
19.99 
Lithograph combined with battery clock. 
$5 off select group scenic clock in stock. 
"C" battery extra. 

Save *2-*5 
The wicker-look for your bath. 
588 
Wastebasket 
Regularly 7.99 

In decorator colors. 
Reg. 13.99, 3 -tie r sh e lf..................1o.88 
21.99 ham per .16.88 

Save 29% 
Decorate with red “Z-brick.” 
Q88 
Reg. I 

Save $7 
Lovely dried floral arrangement 
1 2 !? 
Reg. 
19.99 
C ertain to brighten 
Mothers Day Made of dried pods, eucalyp­ tus and condone puns. 

Save *4 
Wards best, most luxurious bedrest. 

9 
9 9 
Reg. 
13.99 
Soft cotton corduroy with puffy kapok/cot­ ton napper fill. Handle and pockets. Colors. 

All juvenile cribs and mattresses in stock. 

Reg. 5.49 

Looks and feels like real brick. Carton of 
3o covers 5 sq .ft. 
Other colors 3o% off. 

■ 
— w m i — u t ■ til-, .. \ 

25-33% 
Movable louver interior shutters. 
Sanded and ready to finish. In 8" widths, 
16" to 36" lengths. 

Special buy. 
Opaque shade. 
R oom -dark- ening shade; l r “ • white vinyl. 
LIMIT 4 
37V X 6 s 
7Q(t carpet! With 
§ grippers. 27 V. 
Limit 2o running ft. 

ENJOY WHAT YOU NEED NOW— USE WARDS CHARG-ALL 
Your one-stop gift shop. That’s us 
San Antonio, Texas 

16N 

W onderland Mall 
Fredericksburg Road a t H illcrest 

M cCreless M all 
S outh New B raunfels a t Southcross 

W indsor Park Mall 
I. H. 35 N. a t W alzem 
Road 

Our space-saver for extra storage. 

Reg. 
19.99 
23M2x8xlOV2”h cabinet 
C hrom ed floor-to- ceiling tension poles extend 7'6" to 8'6". 
Unassembled. 

/XAONTGO/VIE RY ihw a ii 

83o6o5o9o9o5o8o41oo311o3o6o7o7o8o8o51oo9o4o6o7o711o41oo8o4o61oo6o7o5o71o1oo9o7o3o71o11o5 

From The Cover 
Flat/fitted 
1A. ZANDRA S LILY" 
T w in ........ from WAMSUTTA* 
F u ll.......... 
Zandra Rhodes designs 
Queen with her usual flair 
K in g ........ 
Beige abstract lilies on 
Std cases white no-iron percale 
(p r) ......... 

Reg 
Sale 
... 'Reg. Sale 
1o .oo t.99 King c a te l 
12.oo 1o.99 (pr.) . . . . . . . 14.oo 11.99 
16oo 14.99 Comforters: 
2o oo 18.99 
Full 
5ooo 39.99 
Queen/King 7o.oo 59.99 
12.oo 
9.99 
Ruffled sham 13.oo 1o.99 

11. MATCHING PILLOWS by PEACOCK ALLEY the total look that com pletes yoursetting. 
Boudoir................ 22.o 
Neckroll ................ 26.o 
Round 
2o.o 

THE FIELDCREST "ROMANCE. 
INTERNATIONAL STYLE" COLLECTION. by Gustav Zumsteg of Zurich 
2A. "SENTIMENTAL BOUQUET " Fresh violets with a spring green lattice print trim on white no-iron percale 
2B. "COURTSHIP ROSE". An intricate treillage in fresh green hues on no­ iron percale ch am pagne ground 
Reg 
Sale 
Twin flat or fitted 
8 5o 
7.49 
Full flat or fitted 
. 
1o.oo 
8.99 
Queen flat or fitted 
14 OO 
12.99 
King flat or fitted 
18 OO 
15.99 
Standard cases (p r) 
7 OO 
5.99 
King cases (p r) 
8 OO 
6.99 
Sentimental Bouquet" comforters: 
Full 
95oo 
79.99 
Queen/King 
12o oo 1o5.99 
Ruffled sham 
. . . . . . . 16 OO 
13.99 
"Courtship Rose" comforters: 
Full 
85oo 
71.99 
Q ueen/King 
115 oo 
99.99 
Ruffled sham 
21 6o 
17.99 
2C. "FLORAL REFLECTIONS" by 
FIELDCREST W atercolor floral in soft, colorings No-iron percale 
Twin flat or fitted 
8 oo 
6.99 
Full flat or fitted 
1o.oo 
7.99 
Queen flat or fitted 
14 OO 
1o.99 
King flat or fitted 
17 oo 
13.99 
Standard cases ( p r ) 
7 OO 
5.99 
King cases ( p r ) 
8 oo 
6.99 
Full comforter 
65 oo 
49.99 
Queen / King comforter 85 oo 
69.99 
Standard sham 
16 oo 
13.99 
King sham 
21oo 17.99 

4A. HELLO STRIPE by CANNON ROYAL f a m il y Very sophisticated white d ia g o n a l stripes on grey no-iron percale, trim m ed with a brown a n d blue shadow p la id Also. com es in blue with slate blue trim 
Reg 
Sale 
Twin flat or.fitted 
8 5o 
5.99 
Full flat or fitted 
1o oo 
7.99 
Queen flat or fitted 
14 OO ’ 11.99 
King flat or fitted 
18 oo 
14.99 
Standard cases ( p r ) 
7 oo 
5.99 
King cases ( p r ) 
8 oo 
6.99 
M atching com forter reverses from stripe to plaid 
Full 
5o OO 39.99 
Queen King 
6o OO 49.99 
M atching towels a v a ila b le in grey- blue s a n d a lw o o d or g o ld 
Bath towel 
7 oo 
5.99 
Hand towel 
4 5o 
3.49 
Wash cloth 
1 85 
1.59 

4B. "COTSW OLDS" by CAN N O N 
ROYAL FAMILY. Pastels on b eige no-iron percale. 
Flat or fitted: 
Reg. 
Sale 
Twin .............. 
7.oo 
4.99 
Full 
8.5o 
6.99 
Q u e e n 
12.oo 
9.99 
King ......... 15.oo 
12.99 
Std. cases (pr.) . 
7.oo 
4.99 
King cases (pr.) 
8.oo 
5.99 
M atching pinsonic quilted bedspreads: 
Twin ....... 
35.oo 
24.99 
Full’. 
«....... 4o oo 
29.99 
Queen ......... 5o.oo 
39.99 f S t l u . 
;... 6o.oo 49.99 

C A N N O N ROYAL FAMILY presents two new designs b y O scar de la Renta. 
5A. "PERSIAN SHAWL"... 
Brilliant blue stripes and red paisley borders on white no-iron percale. 
5B. "GARLAND”...nostalgic flower garlands in pastel pink and blue no-iron percale 
Flat or fitted: 
Reg. 
Sale 
Twin ........ :.... 
8.5o 
6.99 
Full 
........... 1o.oo 
8.99 
Q u e e n ........... 14.oo 
12.99 
King 
18.oo 
15.99 
Std. cases (pr.) . 
7.oo 
5.99 
King cases (pr.) 
8.oo 
6.99 
"G arland" comforters: 
Full 
55.oo 
44.99 
Queen/King ... 65.oo 
54.99 
Ruffled sham . .. 17.oo 
14.99 
"G arland” towels. Pink. blue. 
Bath towel ..... 
9 oo 
7.99 
Hand to w e l 
5.oo 
3.99 
Wash cloth 
.. 
2.oo 
1.79 
Persian Shawl" quilted bedspreads: 
Twin .............. 44.oo 
34.99 
Full 
5o.oo 
39.99 
Q u e e n .......... 
6o oo 
44.99 
Dual K in g 
7o.oo 
59.99 

 w iu&im 

6A. REEDS” by SPRINGMAID Beautiful pale blue and brown design on a natural background of no-iron percale. 
Reg 
Sale 
Twin flat or fitted 
8 5o 
5.99 
Full flat or fitted 
1o OO 
7.99 
Queen flat or fitted 
14 OO 11.99 
King flat or fitted 
18 oo 14.99 
Standard cases (p r) 
7 OO 
5.99 
King cases (p r) 
8 OO 
6.99 
Twin bedspread 
3o OO 24.99 
Full bedspread 
35 oo 29.99 
Queen bedspread 
48 OO 39.99 
Dual king bedspread 
6o OO 49.99 
6B. "RADIAN CE” by SPRINGMAID 
Luxurious no-iron percales in a wide array of fashionable solids with tucked hems 
Opaline, sunbeam, ricepaper, camel. white. 
Twin flat or fitted 
7 OO 
4.99 
Full flat or fitted 
....... . 
8 5o 
6.99 
Queen flat or fitted 
12 oo 
9.99 
King flat or fitted 
15 OO 12.99 
Standard cases (p r) 
7 OO 
4.99 
King cases (pr ) 
8 oo 
5.99 
M atching solid color dust ruffles in opaline, sunbeam, rice paper or white 
T w in ............................ 
16 oo 
12.99 
F u ll................................. 2o oo 
17.99 
Queen 
25 oo 21.99 
King 
............................ 3o oo 
24.99. 

7A. "SUMM ER MOUNTAINS” by 
SPRINGMAID A sweeping, panoram ic design in soft pastels on b e ige no-iron percale 
Reg 
Sale 
Twin flat or fitted 
8 5o 
5.99 
Full flat or fitted 
1o oo 
7.99 
Queen flat or fitted 
14 oo 11.99 
King flat or fitted 
18 oo 14.99 
Standard cases (p r) 
7 OO 
5.99 
King case s (p r) 
8 oo 
6.99 
Full comforter 
6o OO 44.99 
Queen King comforter 
8o oo 69.99 
Sham 
14 oo 12.99 
7B. "KABUKI” by SPRINGMAID A serene b am boo and butterfly print on pale blue no-iron percale Also available in yellow or ricepaper 
Reg 
Sale 
Twin flat or fitted 
7 OO 
4.99 
Full flat or fitted 
8 5o 
6.99 
Queen flat or fitted 
12 OO 
9.99 
King flat or fitted 
15 oo 12.99 
Standard cases (p r) 
7 oo 
4.99 
King cases (pr ) 
8 oo 
5.99 
Full Comforter 
4o oo 34.99 
Queen King Comforter 
5o OO 44.99 
SOFT AS UHE D/Hl/I/N 

M U . H U H IV IVW 1>U.\ 

9A. "CLEOPATRA" by WAMSUTTA 
Egyptian inspired print on luxurious no-iron percale, 
Reg 
Sale 
Twin flat or fitted ...... 
8 5o 
5.99 
Full flat or fitted ......... 1o.oo 
7.99 
Queen flat or fitted . 
14 OO 11.99 
King flat or fitted ...... 18 oo 
14.99 
Standard cases (pr) 
7 OO 
5.99 
King cases (pr.) 
8 OO 
6.99 
9B. "SHOJI" by WAMSUTTA * The beauty of the Orient captured In easy care no-iron percale 
9C. "DAMASK BLOSSOM” by 
WAMSUTTA\ Delicate pink flowers blooming on a field of snowy white no-iron percale 
Reg 
Sale 
Twin flat or fitted ...... 
8 5o 
7.49 
Full flat or fitted 
1o oo 
8.99 
Queen flat or fitted . 
14 OO 12.99 
King flat or fitted ..... 18 oo 
15.99 
Standard cases (pr.) 
7 OO 
5.99 
King cases (pr.) 
8 OO 
6.99 
"Damask Blossom" ruffled sham 
8 OO 
6.99 
Comforters: 
"Damask Blossom" or 
"Shoji" patterns. 
Full ............................. 5o.oo 39.99 
Queen/King ............. 7o OO 
59.99 
9D, MATCHING ACCESSORY PILLOWS 
BY PEACOCK ALLEY in "Damask 
Blossom" only. 
Boudoir pillow ........................ 22.oo 
Neckroll pillow ...................... 26.oo 
Round pillow ........................ 2o.oo 

1oA. CLASSIC LINES" by 
SPRINGMAN. A dashing design by 
Bill Blass Black hyphenated lines on rich cam el na-iron percale. 
Reg 
Sale 
Twin flat or fitted . . 
8.5o 
7.49 
Full flat or fitted 
. . 
1o.oo 
8.99 
Queen flat or fitted 
14.oo 
12.99 
King flat or fitted 
18 oo 
15.99 
Standard cases (pr.) 
7.oo 
5.99 
King cases (p r) ......... 
8 OO 
6.99 
Full c o m fo rte r............. 6o.oo 
49.99 
Queen/King comforter 8o OO 
69.99 
Standard sham ......... 18 OO 
15.99 
1oB. "CROSS STRIPE" by 
FIELDCREST A smart new design by 
Geoffrey Beene brings sim plicity back to the bedroom . Taupe stripes on white no-iron percale to mix with white fitted sheets. 
Twin flat ...................... 
8 5o 
7.49 
Full flat ........................ 1o.oo 
8.99 
Queen f la t ................. 
14.oo 
12.99 
King flat ...................... 18.oo 
15.99 
Standard cases (pr.) . 
7.oo 
5.99 
King cases (p r.)......... 
8 OO 
6.99 
White, no-iron percale fitted sheets from Fieldcrest. 
Twin fitte d ..................... 
7 OO 
3.99 
Full fitte d ...................... 
8 OO 
5.99 
Queen fitted ............... 12 OO 
7.99 
King fitted ................... 15.oo 
9.99 

1oA 
< 1 1 1 
• I I I I I f i l i i 
, 1 1 1 1 1 ll I I I 
Pl 

H i I i i i i i J i i i i i i i i i i • J J j J J • J J 
I I I I | I I I I I * 
I I I I I I I I I I I 
I I I I I I I I I I I I I 

I I ■ > • ■ I 
I I I ! I t ip i \ * ■ ■ ■ * • » ! 
1 1 1 * 1 1 ■ 1 1 1 i » 
! j i 
« * » i 
* i 
» r i i i i i i i i i i f ! i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i 
J I i i i i i i i i i i 

! i i i « * i i i w L - f / / 
/ 
» 
• 
• 
■ 
■ 
■ 

 f i j i ! 
" 
1 1 a a rn 
* 
■ 
- 
- 
1 * / * ■ 1 » ■ ! I 
* 5 i * • 1 I 1 1 1 
' / i * 1 1 I 1 1 ! 
Si a * ! * i J J ! 
; # i * i i ■ ■ J 
/ i 
* i i i 
* 
1 
! 
/ 
« 
* 
• 
■ 
• 
■ 
■ 
■ 

. j f 
1 
1 
■ i 
■ 
< 
■ 
/ 
/ 
, i 
* 
• 
* i 
• 
1 
' 
/ 
/ 
* 
* 
* 
1 
1 
• 
1 
1 
1 

■ ■ I 

■ ■ ■ i i i i i v ; t i ■ ■ i i i i i \ V I 

I 
I 
I 
I 
B 
« 
I 
« 
I 
I 
• i i 
■ i i i i i i 
■ 
■ 
■ i i 
■ i i i i 
■ 
■ 
■ 
I I 
I I M 
■ 
■ 
■ 
■ 
• 
■ i m 
* 

MA. “POPPIES" a in red and white 
* bloom vibrantly 
W: on a bright y blue background. 
J' 
MB. “SUNDANCE", 
| r a classic Indian design in multi earth tones on natural. 

MC. “MAYME", a traditional floral design featuring orange and green on a yellow background or blue on blue. 
Reg. 
Sale 
Twin.... 3o.oo 24.99 
Full 
35.oo 29.99 

Queen . 48.oo 39.99 
Dual 
King.... 58.oo 49.99 
Sham .. 15.oo 12.99 
48"x84" 
Drapery 28.oo 21.99 

UL 
S T 
£ T 
... 

YOUR 
CHOICE 

12A. "DAISY SCENIC" by CANNON ROYAL 
FAMILY. Daisies blooming on a field of spring green. No-iron percale. 
*12B. " PASSPORT” by SPRINGMAID. 
Tan no-iron percale with smart red and 
I green stripes. 
12C. "FRENCH SCROLL" by FIELDCREST. A pastel print inspired by the Renaissance, on bone no-iron percale. 
13A. "HALSTON FLOWERS" by FIELDCREST. 
Fragile green flowers float across a background of white no-iron percale. 
13B. "COUNTRY FLOWERS" by WAMSUTTA 
Dainty pastel blossoms sprinkled on white 
IBBfcltbn percale. 
Reg. 
Sale 
I Twin flat or fitted . .......... 
8 oo 
4.99 
I 
Full flat or fitted . ........... 
1o oo 
6.99 
Queen flat or fitted ., 
14 OO 
9.99 
King flat or fitted... 
17.oo 
12.99 
Standard cases (pr.) ...... 
7 oo 
4.99 
King cases (pr.) ... 
— 
8.oo 
5.99 
"Holston Flowers" comforters: 
Twin ...................... 
5o.oo 
39.99 
Full 
........................... 
7o.oo 
49.99 
Queen King ................. 1oo.oo 
59.99 

YOUR CHOICE 3.5o Twin 

14A. "BRUSHED FLOWERS" by WAMSUTTA.® Bold strokes of pink on a natural background. No-iron percale. 
14B. "PEASANT STRIPE" by FIELDCREST. Country charm in a multicolor pattern on beige no-iron percale. 

14C. "ARROWWOOD" by CANNON ROYAL FAMILY. An Indian design in native colors on bone no-iron percale. 
14D. "TROPIC NIGHT" by SPRINGMAN. A bamboo trellis pattern on brown stripes. No-iron percale. 

Reg. 
Sal© 

Twin flat or fitted .............................................................. 7.oo 
3.5o 

Full flat or fitted ................................................................ 8.oo 
4.99 

Queen flat or fitte d ......................................................... 12.oo 
7.99 

King flat or fitted ..............................................................15.oo 
9.99 

Standard cases (pr.)....................................................... 6.oo 
3.99 

King cases (pr.) ................................................................ 7.oo 
4.99 

DREAMY 
NIGHTS 
FRO/VI 
PILLOI4/TEX 

15A. "DEBUT" with DuPont Fiberfill ll® polyester filling. 
Reg. 
Sale 
Standard 
8.oo 
5.99 
Queen 
1o.oo 
6.99 
King....................... 13.oo 
8.99 
15B. "DUPONT'S RED LABEL DACRON® 
POLYESTER," an odorless and non-allergenic filling. 
Standard................ 
5.oo 
3.99 
Queen ................... 
6.oo 
4.99 
King....................... 
8.oo 
5.99 
15C. "LADY ANN", 5o% duck down/5o% duck feather filling. 
Standard 
25.oo 22.5o 
Queen ................... 35.oo 29.99 
King....................... 45.oo 39.99 

15D. "LADY BESS", duck down filled. 
Standard................ 35.oo 29.99 
Queen ................... 45.oo 39.99 
King....................... 55.oo 49.99 
15E. "LADY MARIA", 5o% goose down/5o% goose feather filling. 
Standard................ 29.oo 24.99 
15F. "LADY VICTORIA" filled with 1oo% white goose down. 
Standard................ 4o.oo 34.99 

/M/IOSPHERES 

16A. ''PRETTY BUTTERFLY" by KENNETH. An ensemble with gentle beauty of butterflies in soft, muted tones of brown and beige or natural and blue, 
Reg 
Twin spread 
Full spread 
Queen spread 

Sale 
45.oo 34.99 
55.oo 44.99 
7o.oo 54.99 
8o.oo 64.99 
3o.oo 
22.99 
55.oo 44.99 
7o.oo 54.99 
12.oo 
8.99 
16B. "TRADEWINDS" by DESLEY. An exotic and beautiful ensemble of hand guided batik in soft pewter and earth tones. 
Twin spread ...................... 6o.oo 49.99 
Full spread ........................ 7o.oo 59.99 
Queen sp re a d .................... 85.oo 69.99 
Dual King spread 

Dual King spread . 
48" x 84” drapery .. 
72" x 84" drapery .. 
96” x 84" drapery .. 
6o" x 84" panel 

48” x 84” drapery 
95.oo 
79.99 
4o.oo 32.99 

V S . \ \ V s. V s x N . \ v 
\ X 

- 
LVs' 

17A. "CATHAY" by CROSCILL. A dramatic ensemble of oriental design done in beautiful shades of blue. 
Reg 
Sale 
Twin spread . 
Full spread .. 
Queen spread 
Dual King spread 
Sham ........... 
48"x84" drapery 
72"x84" drapery 
96”x84" drapery 
Tie b a c k s....... 

5o.oo 
6o.oo 
7o.oo 
8ooo 
14oo 
35.oo 
6o.oo 
7o.oo 
4.oo 

39.99 
49 99 
59.99 
69 99 
11.99 
27 99 
47.99 
59 99 
2.99 
17B. HAITIAN COTTON FLOOR 
PILLOW by RIVERDALE. 
A generous 27" size with hand-tied macrame fringe. Natural. 
Reg. 24.oo .............................14.99 
17C. "THE ROYALE" an exquisite 
Oriental rug reproduction woven in Belgium. A masterpiece of design and color for any room in your home. Blue, avocado, gold, ivory or red. 
Approximate sizes 
Reg. 
Sale 
3 x5’ ....................... 3o.oo 
24.99 
4 ’x6' ....................... 55.oo 44.99 
6'x9’ ....................... 11o.oo 
89.99 
9'xl2' ...................... 22o.oo 189.99 

M/INDOM/ 
DRESSING 
FRO/1/1 
DILLARD'S 

^ r 

18A. "MONTERREY" by 
BURLINGTON. A heavy, closed weave drapery in yellow, celery, driftwood or natural. 
Reg 
Sale 

5o"x84"......... 3o.oo 
24.99 

75"x84" . . . . 6o.oo 
44.99 

1oo"x84" ....... 7o.oo 
54.99 

Patio panel 
1oo"x84" ....... 8o.oo 
64.99 
18B. "VICTORIA ROYAL” by CROSCILL. Luxurious draperies of rayon acetate antique satin... lined to insulate against winter cold and summer heat. 
Quince, white, oyster. 
Wedgwood blue, lemon, antique or brown. 
Reg 
Sale 
25.oo 
18.99 
48"x84" 
72”x84" 
96"x84" 
12o"x84" 
Bedspreads 
Twin .. 
Full... 
Queen 
Dual King 

5o.oo 
65.oo 
9o.oo 

55.oo 
65.oo 
8o.oo 
9o.oo 

34.99 
49 99 
64.99 

39.99 
49.99 
59.99 
69.99 

Other accessories available at comparable savings. 

18C. "PORTOFINO" by 
CROSCILL. A stylish, fully lined open weave malimo. A great casual look in brown, brick, wheat or shell. 
Reg. 
Sale 

48"x84"........ 35.oo 
29.99 

72"x84"........ 6o.oo 
49.99 

96"x84"........ 8o.oo 
69.99 

Patio panel .. 9o.oo 
74.99 
18D. "SHANNON” by 
BURLINGTON. This textured, foam-backed drapery is available in 
Wedgwood blue, celery, oyster, gold or bark. 
Reg 
Sale 

5o"x84"........ 25.oo 
19.99 

75"x84"........ 45 oo 
35.99 

1oo"x84" ....... 6o.oo 
45.99 

Patio panel 
1oo"x84” . . . 7o.oo 
55.99 

 i I 

^ •' U 
I 
. f ; • J . - '. : . . 
!• 
A . • > 1; 
•' .* r n * h I J 
I 

^ 18C 

SAVE Vs ON VENETIAN Al RE 
ROLL UP SHADES. 
A fashionable and inexpensive way to cover your windows. Use alone or with complementing draperies. All come in 
6 ft. lengths. 

19A. "BAMBOO" in natural split bamboo. 
Reg. 
Sale 

2-1/2 ft.... 21.oo 
14.21 

3 ft 
25.oo 
16.92 

4 ft 
33.oo 22.34 

6 ft 
5o.oo 33.85 
19B. “VINYL", shown in white. 
2-1/2 ft. ... 15.oo 
1o.15 

3 ft 
19.oo 
12.86 

19B 
4 ft............ 24.oo 
16.24 

6 ft 
37.oo 25.o4 
19C. "MATCHSTICK" in natural wood. 
2-1/2 ft. ... 19.oo 
12.86 

3 ft 
22.5o 
15.23 

4 ft 
3o.oo 
2o.31 

6 ft 
45.oo 3o.46 

NATURAL THROW 
PILLOWS bring any room to life. All shapes and sizes...some with hand tied macrame fringe and touches of decorator colors. 

19D. FROM RIVERDALE. 
Each reg. 18.oo to 22.oo 

Sale e a c h ... .12.99 

19E. FROM WELLMADE. 
Special Purchase! Ea. 7.99 

For beach poolside or baTFT*" 
>c*v*> want several from our iuper collection All these to wets measure f 

 proximately 3 x6 

. Reg 
Sale 

ALLEN INTERNATIONAL . 
^ 

2oA. REDONDO 
18 oo“ 
14^9 

2oB. 
‘CATALINA" 
12J3o 

2oC. LAGUNA- . 
12 OO*' 9.99 
2oD. 
SPLASH 
18 oo 
14.99 

Reg 
Sale 

By JiftA MERCY 
2oE. M IN E "...... 
18 OO ■ 
14.99 
2oF. "filONDRIAN 
. 18 OO 
14.99 

By CANNON ROYAL FAMILY?- 
21 A. "ROYAL CLASSIC" (see 24D for colors)-. v...... 12 oo 
9.99 
By FtELDCRESf*'” 
24B.’itUSTBE" (see 9-3A for colors)........... 13.5o 
11.99 

21C. SATURDAYS 
FLOWERS" Poppy, rose, violet or daisy 
15.8o 
By GRAMERCY: 
21D. "PAPILLION" ...... 18 OO 
211. "MEDICI STRIPE” .. 18.oo 
By ALLEN INTERNATIONAL: 
21F. "CAROLINE” 
12 oo 

21G. "RENAISSANCE" 
18 OO 

21H. "MIAMI*' ......... 12.oo 

 r n 

OX " bb 
A"? 

BASKETS FULL OF COLOR 

FIELDCREST TOWELS... luxury for your bath. 
22A. "LUSTRE". Sheared terry in green, gold, yellow, champagne, cognac, navy, poppy, sable, suede, blue, terra cotta or peach. 
Reg. 
Sale 
Bath towel ... 
7.oo 5.99 
Hand towel .. 
4.5o 3.49 
Wash cloth .. 
1.7o 1.39 
Fingertip 
1.85 
1.49 
Tub m a t 
9.oo 
7.99 
Bath sheet ...' 
13.5o 11.99 
22B. "SCOTCH MIST". Blue, cognac or sable plaid. i 
22C. "PUSSY WILLOW" in 
1 champagne, pineapple or blue (not shown). 
22D. "SATURDAY FLOWERS". 
Choose rose, daisy, pansy or poppy. 
Bath towel ... 
7.oo 5.99 
Hand towel .. 
4.5o 3.49 
Washcloth .. 
1.85 1.59 

22E."SOPHISTICATED STRIPE." 
Blue, sable or cognac. 
Reg 
Sale 
Bath towel ... 
8.oo 
6.99 
Hand towel .. 
4.5o 
3.49 
Wash cloth .. 
1.85 
1.59 
CANNON ROYAL FAMILY and exciting new patterns. 
23A. "COPENHAGEN". Blue or mocha. 
23B. "REGENTS PARK". Blue, brass or gold. 
Reg. 
Sale 
Bath ......... 
6.oo 
4.99 
Hand 
4.oo 
3.49 
Washcloth .. 1.85 
1.49 
23C. "RUE DE LA PAIX". 
Mocha, green, cinnamon, blue or rust. 
23D. "ANDORRA". Orange, yellow or blue. 
Bath towel ... 7.oo 
5.99 
Hand towel .. 4.5o 
3.49 
Wash cloth .. 1.85 
1.59 

HIS OR 
HERS 
3,99Bath 

HERS 
OR HIS 
2,99Bath 

YOUR CHOICE: 
24A. "CRYSTAL PALACE" by CANNON 
ROYAL FAMILY. Russet, blue, mint, roseberry or banana. 
24B. "PLUM BLOSSOM" by FIELDCREST. 
Gold, cognac, blue, sable or green. 
24C. "TEAHOUSE" by FIELDCREST. 
Green, silver or suede. 
Reg. 
Sale 
Bath towel................. 
5.oo 3.99 
Hand towel............... 
3.5o 2.99 
Washcloth ............... 
1.6o 1.29 
24D. "ROYAL CLASSIC" by CANNON 
ROYAL FAMILY. Parchment, russet, almond, yellow, mocha, banana, dark blue, light blue, grey, pistachio, aqua, pink, poppy, or melon. 
Bath towel............... 
6.oo 
3.99 
Hand towel............. 
4.oo 
2.99 
Washcloth ............. 
1.5o 
1.29 

•'W- 
' 
Ifv, 

Color... pattern... towels and bath rugs have never been prettier. Why not redecorate your bath, or add an exciting new highlight? 
YOUR CHOICE: 
25A. "FERN ROSE" by CANNON ROYAL 
FAMILY. Blue, green, brass, pink, gold. 
25B. "CHALET" by CANNON ROYAL 
FAMILY. Parchment, blue, gold, pink. 
25C. "EMBASSY" by FIELDCREST. 
Pineapple, pink, sable, blue, suede, green, cognac or white. 
25D. "FRAGRANCE" by FIELDCREST. 
Multicolor flowers on champagne or white background. 
Reg. 
Sale 
Bath towel.............. 
4.oo 
2.99 
Hand towel............. 
2.5o 
1.99 
Wash cloth ............. 
1.5o 
.99 

25E. "BREEZE" BATH RUGS by 
FIELDCREST. Thick, rich looking shag in 1oo% easy-care nylon. Choose canary, spearmint, suede, cognac, sable, blue or white. 
Reg. 
Sale 
21" x 3 6 "................. 14.oo 
1o.99 
27" x 44"................. 23.oo 
18.99 
Standard lid cover — 
5.oo 
3.99 
Jumbo lid cover ......... 
6.oo 4.99 

24E. "SAUNA" BATH RUGS by 
FIELDCREST. All nylon with attractive double lattice fringe. White, spearmint, sable, blue, canary, poppy or gold. 
Reg. 
Sale 
24" x 36" or contour ... 1o.oo 
6.99 
27" x 48"................. 15.oo 
11.99 
Standard 'id co v e r 
4.oo 
3.49 
Jumbo lid cover ........ 
5.oo 3.99 

HIS OR 
HERS 
3.99. 

HERS 
OR HIS 
299 
^ — i / 
/ Rnth 

YOUR CHOICE: 
24A. "CRYSTAL PALACE" by CANNON 
ROYAL FAMILY. Russet, blue, mint, roseberry or banana. 
24B. "PLUM BLOSSOM" by FIELDCREST. 
Gold, cognac, blue, sable or green. 
24C. "TEAHOUSE" by FIELDCREST. 
Green, silver or suede. 
Reg, 
Sale 

Bath tow el...................... 
5.oo 3.99 

Hand tow el.................... 
3.5o 2.99 

Washcloth .................... 
1.6o 1.29 
24D. "ROYAL CLASSIC" by CANNON 
ROYAL FAMILY. Parchment, russet, almond, yellow, mocha, banana, dark blue, light blue, grey, pistachio, aqua, pink, poppy, or melon. 
Bath tow el...................... 
6.oo 3.99 

Hand tow el.................... 
4.oo 2.99 

Washcloth ..................... 
1.5o 1.29 

Color... pattern... towels and bath rugs have never been prettier. Why not redecorate your bath, or add an exciting new highlight? 
YOUR CHOICE: 

25A. "FERN ROSE" by CANNON ROYAL 
FAMILY. Blue, green, brass, pink, gold. 

25B. “CHALET" by CANNON ROYAL 
FAMILY. Parchment, blue, gold, pink. 

25C. "EMBASSY" by FIELDCREST. 
Pineapple, pink, sable, blue, suede, green, cognac or white. 

25D. "FRAGRANCE" by FIELDCREST. 
Multicolor flowers on champagne or white background. 
Reg 
Sale 

Bath tow el................... 
4.oo 
2.99 

Hand tow el.................. 
2.5o 
1.99 

Wash cloth ................. 
1.5o 
.99 

24E. “SAUNA" BATH RUGS by 
FIELDCREST. All nylon with attractive double lattice fringe. White, spearmint, sable, blue, canary, poppy or gold. 
Reg. 
Sale 

24" x 36" or contour ... 1o.oo 
6.99 

27" x 48"....................... 15.oo 
11.99 

Standard 'id c o v e r 
4.oo 
3.49 

Jumbo lid cover ........... 
5.oo 3.99 

25E. "BREEZE" BATH RUGS by 
FIELDCREST. Thick, rich looking shag in 1oo% easy-care nylon. Choose canary, spearmint, suede, cognac, sable, blue or white. 
Reg. 
Sale 

21" x 3 6 "....................... 14.oo 
1o.99 

27" x 44"....................... 23.oo 
18.99 

Standard lid cover — 
5.oo 
3.99 

Jumbo lid cover ............. 
6.oo 4.99 

 f fable with - gi Dillard*: 
•E"J&y^EED " 
Mcolpr^hnt^ 

 r ^ ^ f .39 ■ iy-eociCtA^ 
I'er^mOts in rplstaChlQ, 
&>Of w hite.'' 

27A. "CLASSIC" byJOBIN. Permanent/press, solj- release.jnnish. Beige Of terra cotta, 
J n. 
I 
’ 
Reg. 
Sole 
52"x52' ... . > > / . 
/ T S ... 
7.oo 
5tf? 
52"xZo" 
Z/Sv. ...1 
7>OQ.OO 
$.99' 
6o"x8o" . . . . . . k 
> .................. / 1 4 ^ 11.99 
6o"xRo" oblong br oval I . > ......./ 18.oo 
14.99 
6Q"xlo4" 
S 
.......... 
I 2o.oo 
16.99 
68" round 
I 16.oo 
13.99 
9tf' round 
..................................... 22.oo' -49.99 
Napkin ... * v . j 
. A. 
1.5o 
WU? 
276. "SUSSEX" by SLEATER. No-ir©n. soil-release 
'finistr. 5o% rayon/5o% polyester Yellow, green, blue or bone. f 
\ . / 
52"x52" J. . . . / ........... 9.oo 
7.99- 
52"x7o" ......... ...................... / > 
o1.oo 
9.99 
6o^867oblong or/oval ^ 

I 
16?Qo 
14.99 
6o"xlo4"oblong br o v a l J 
18.(5o 
16,99 
68" round fringed 
I ■ 
. l7.§o 
15.99 
Napkin . . . . . O V. 
1J5o 
1.39J 
27 QI "GENEVE"by5fc£ATEtf. A carefree, flannel I badk vinyl cloit! in yellow, light green Jena batta/ or pone. 
/ 
52^x52" . . . . : J ............. j... . .TS 6.oo 
4.9? 
5?"x7o" oblorig or oval I 
AQP 
5.9J9 
6t)"x86" oblong or oval I 
/lO.Oo-- . 8.99 
68" round .J................../ : ............/11.oo 
95#9 

SETTINGS TH 
SAY l/l/ELCO/l/IE 

28A. "FLORAL BOUQUET". Opaque flowers on a sheer background of soil-resistant polyester/cotton. 
Machine wash, tumble dry, never iron. White or ecru. lf Perfect 
Sale 
7o" x 9o” oblong or oval .................. 35.oo 
18.99 
7o" x 1o8" oblong or oval .................. 4o.oo 22.99 
7o" x 126" oblong or oval ................... 52.oo 
25.99 
7o" x 144" oblong or o v a l.................. 58.oo 28.99 
7o" round................ 3o.oo 
16.99 
N a p kin................... 
3.oo 
1.59 
28B. "CAPRI ll" by TOBIN. Linen weave blend of 5o% polyester/5o% cotton with scalloped edges. Coral, gold, light blue, citron, green, terra cotta, cham pagne or white. 
Reg 
Sale 
52" x 72" ................. 12.oo 
1o.99 
6o" x 8o" oblong or oval .................. 15.oo 
13.99 
6o" x 9o" oblong or oval .................. 18.oo 
15.99 
6o" x 1o4" oblong or o v a l.................. 2o oo 
17.99 
7o" round................ 18 OO 
15.99 
9o" round................ 28.oo 
24.99 
N ap kin.................. 
1.5o 
1.19 
28C. "COURTRAI" by SLEATER. 
Permanent press, soil releasing rayon fiber cloth has satin bands and intricate weave effects. Terra cotta, gold, moss, bone, camel or white. 
52" x 7 o "................. 12.oo 
1o.99 
6o" x 8o" oblong or oval .................. 16.oo 
14.99 
6o" x 9o" oblong or oval .................. 2o.oo 
16.99 
6o" x 1o4" oblong or oval .................. 22.oo 
19.99 
6o" x 12o"................ 25.oo 
21.99 
68" round................ 2o.oo 
16.99 
N ap kin .................. 
1.5o 
1.39 
28D. "TWIN FEATURE" REVERSIBLE 
CLOTH by WHITING. Twice as nice because it's reversible. Change your color scheme with the flick of your wrist. It's as easy as changing your mind with this two-tone cloth of linen weave polyester/rayon, Choose combinations of sky blue/bright blue, green/yellow or peach/tan. 
52" x 5 2 "................. 
11.oo 
9.99 
52" x 7o' oblong or oval .................. 15.oo 
13.99 
6o" x 84" oblong or oval .................. 21.oo 
19.99 
6o" x 1o2" oblong or oval .................. 3o.oo 
27.99 
68" round............... 23.oo 
2o.99 
N a p k in .................. 
2.oo 
1.79 

29A. "JUBILEE" by QUAKER LACE. 
The formal look of lace in an easy- care blend 85% cotton/15% Dacron*' polyester. Ecru or white. 
Reg 
Sale 
6o"x8o" oblong or oval .................... 25.oo 2o.99 
7o"x9o" oblong or oval .................... 28.oo 22.99 
7o"xlo8" oblong or oval .................... 4o.oo 33.99 
7o" round................. 25.oo 2o.99 
9o" round.................48 OO 
39.99 
N a p k in .................... 
2.oo 
1.79 
29B. "HERITAGE" by TOBIN. 
5o% polyester/5o% cotton with lace border. Moss, champagne, white, brown, citron, light blue or gold. 
Reg 
Sale 
52"x7o" .................. 13.oo 
11.99 
6o"x8o" oblong o v a l........................ 16 OO 14.99 
68"x9o" oblong or oval .................... 22.oo 19.99 
68"xlo4" oblong or oval ....................25 OO 
22.99 
68" round................. 18.oo 15.99 
9o" round.................28 OO 
24.99 
N a p k in .................... 2.oo 
1.79 

ENTERTAINING 
IDEAS 

Silverplated HOLLOWWARE by ONEIDA®...a perfect touch for any occasion. 
Reg. 
Sale 
3oA. Relish d ish ..................... 18.oo 
13.99 
3oB. 2 qt. open casserole — 
22.5o 
14.99 
3oC. 2-1/2-qt. covered casserole................................ 45.oo 29.99 

3oA-K 

23.5o 
17.99 
1o5.oo 69.99 
525o 39.99 
14.5o 
12.99 
37.5o 27.99 
25.oo 
19.99 
145.oo 99.99 

3oD. 13" gallery tra y .......... 
3oE. Chafing dish ......... 
3oF. Pair of candlesticks 
3oG. 8" compote .............. 
3oH. Beverage server__ 
3oJ. Shell serving d is h ........... 
3oK. 5-pc. tea s e t................ 

31 A. FROM LEONARD SILVER...the lasting beauty of silverplated hollowware. Choose from 1/2-qt. warmer, 16" serving tray, 2-qt. water pitcher, pedestal cake plate, pie plate, fluted bowl, shrimp server, IO" Paul Revere bowl, pair of hurricane lamps, folding cake stand, lotus center piece. 

FINISHING TOUCHES 
19,99. each, Orig. 29.98 to 32.5o 

SAVE ON VERNONWARE POTTERY. I /3 off on 
3-pc place settings which include dinner plate, cup and saucer. 
Reg 
Sale 
32A. "FRUIT BASKET"............. 
15 15 
1o.1o 
32B. "ANTIQUA" 
13.95 
9.3o 
32C. "DELLA ROBBIA" 
21.4o 
14.25 
Save 2o% on all open stock 
Open stock savings on "FRUIT BASKET". 
Reg 
Sale 
Butterdish 
13 5o 
11.8o 
Sugar & lid ............................ 
9.25 
7.4o 
Creamer ................................ 
6.75 
5.4o 
Gravy & s ta n d ...................... 14 95 
11.96 
Salt & pepper ...................... 
9 OO 
7.2o 
Coffee server ........................ 22 95 
18.36 
Salad p la te ............................ 
4 75 
3.8o 
Medium veg. b o w l 
8.5o 
6.8o 
Large platter.......................... 12,95 
1o.36 
Cereal bowl .......................... 
5.25 
4.2o 
Casserole 8t lid ..................... 23 95 
19.16 
Coffee mug .......................... 
6 25 
5.oo 
Divided veg. bowl 
14 5o 
11.6o 

 g? wm * k 
/ ■ 
JIM * 
/ ~ m r 
' 
* 
% 

 f 
. 
; j; 
Jife gi? 
32B 
32C 

SAVE ON FRANCISCAN EARTHENWARE 
4o% off on 3-pc. place settings which include dinner plate, cup and saucer and 
2o% off on open stock pieces 
32D-E. "HACIENDA" or "PICNIC" 
32F-G. "APPLE" or "DESERT ROSE" 
32D -E. 
32F-G. 
Reg. 
Sale 
Reg. 
Sale 
3-pc setting 
12.9o 
7.74 
14 65 
8.79 
Bread 8t butter 
3.25 
2.6o 
3 5o 
2.8o 
Fruit dish........... 
3.6o 
2.88 
41o 
3.28 
Cereal bowl 
.. 
4 55 
3 64 
5.15 
4.12 
Salad plate 
4 55 
3.64 
5.15 
4.12 
Creamer 
7.oo 
5.6o 
8oo 
6.4o 
Sugar with lid 
. 
85o 
6.8o 
9.5o 
7.6o 
Med veg bowl 
925 
7.4o 
1o.5o 
8.4o 
Large veg bowl 
1o.75 
8 6o 
1225 
9.8o 
G ra v y............... 
12.oo 
9.6o 
13oo 1o.8o 
Covered butter dish 
................. 
1o.oo 
8.oo 
1125 
9.oo 
14" platter 
14.75 11.8o 
16.75 13.4o 

BRIGHT 
AND 
CLE/1R 

BEAUTIFUL CLEAR GLASSWARE from 
IMPORT ASSOCIATES. Wonderful for yourself or gifts I Choose from all these pieces, at special purchase prices! 
33A. Etched candy box ..............11.99 
33B. Set of on-the-rocks glasses .1o.99 
33C. Set of drink glasses.............1o.99 
33D. Beverage pitcher 
(choose from 2 styles) ................ 12.99 
33E. Pair of candle holders ....... 1o.99 
33F. Tall patio lam p................... 29.99 
33G. Hurricane la m p ...................11.99 
33H. Bud vase 
(choose from 3 styles) ..................3.99 
33J. Mug (choose from 3 styles) . 3.99 
33K. 7-pc. etched wine set — 
24.99 
33L. Etched bowl ........................ 11.99 
33M. Salad bowl ........................14.99 
33N. Cake stand ........................12.99 
33P. Cake dome ........................12.99 

 i p 
4I* 

33A-P 

STONEWARE by MIKASA, 
Contemporary dining at its best. 
Choose from three dishwasher safe, heat resistant patterns. 
34A. “TRIBAL RING" 
34B. “TEEPEE", 34C. “HALF MOON" 
5-pc. place setting includes: dinner plate, salad plate, cereal bowl, cup and saucer. 
Reg. 22.5o ..............................13.95 
5-pc. completer set includes: platter, vegetable bowl, creamer and sugar with lid. 
Reg. 55.oo ..............................39.95 
7-pc. hostess set includes: salt and pepper, covered butter dish, gravy/sauce boat with stand and round vegetable bowl. 
Reg. 59.5o ............................. 39.95 

GOOD Tl/l/IES 

STAINLESS FLATWARE from SIGMA. 
Add a sparkling new look to your table settings. Handsome new designs in stainless flatware...per­ fect for today's casual living. 
Select from five patterns, all at great 2o% savings! The 
5-pc. place setting includes: dinner knife, dinner fork, salad fork, soup spoon and teaspoon. 
Reg. 
Sale 

34D. “APERTO" .... 15.oo 
12.oo 
34E. “HAMMER" .... 17.5o 
14.oo 
34F. "GOURMET" ... 15.oo 
12.oo 

34G. "MARCHESA" . 15.oo 
12.oo 

34H. "TORTOISE" ... 2o,oo 
16.oo 

34D 

AL STEMWARE 

MpXitous pattern! on sale now 

 l l l l ei Come In and see them f fro rn water goblet, 

35C-I, "NAVARRE1 BLUE," "NAV,'aRERI 
|SRYSTAl'^ or “SERENITY YEILOW^ 

Other patterns available at 
2o% off Include: Cameo; Cherish; 
Distinction Blue; Engagement, firelight; Georgian; Glamour 
Blue or Green; Heirloom; 
Invitation; Navarre Pink; 
Princess Platinum. Renaissance 
Gold and Trousseau, 
GARDEN CLUB STONEWARE by 
MIKASA Flower lovers everywhere praise the beauty of our Garden Club Collection. 
Pick your own favorite. All at sale prices! 
3SF. “FRESH FLORALS", 35o. “BELLS 
OF BLUE", 35H. "SPRING BOUQUET" 
353. "PETUNIAS” 
5-pc. place setting Includes dinner plate, salad plate, cereal bowl, cup and saucer. 
Reg, 19,5o............................14.95 
5-pc, completer set includes serving platter, vegetable bowl, sugar with lid and creamer 
Reg. 55.oo ........................ 39.95 
7-pc. hostess set includes covered butter dish, salt and pepper shakers, gravy/sauce boat with stand and a round vegetable bowl. 
Reg. 55.oo .................... 
39.95 

35A-E 

STEEL FLATWARE at special 
I Sash 6-pc. place setting eachbdtnner knife, dinner fork. 
_______ spoon and two teaspoons. 
• 
C hoose worn five exciting patterns 
36§. “TIVOLI",-36C. "BEADED", 
36D. "SHELL", 361. “HAMMERED" 
. 4.99 
29.99 fcfcfespoon S€^Trrrv"F;T. .1.99 
, 
?~— IRONSTONE by ROYAL CHINA. Choose attractive, dishwasher safe patterns. 
J", 36G. "CASABLANCA", 
-WK. "SANTA FE", 36J. "NAVAJO 
The 2o-pc. starter set includes four each: plates, salad plates, cereal/soup bowls, cups and saucers. g 
™ 
.........16.99 
J. set .......................................29.99 
Ti completer set: platter, vegetable bowl, 
Creamer and covered sugar................ 12.99 
36K. MELAMINE HANDLED STAINLESS by 
OXFORD HALL. Add a brilliant burst of color to your table settings. Dishwasher safe and colorfast. Mix or match colors. Yellow, white or walnut. Available in dinner knife, dinner fork, salad fork, soup spoon, teaspoon, and iced tea spoon. 
Special Purchase........................ sa. 1.5o 

IHE GOURDET SESSON BEGINS 

3 7 A. KITCHEN CANISTER SET by WHEATON GLASS. 
Includes 2-liter flour, 1-1/2 liter sugar. Miter coffee and 3/4-liter tea. All have clamp down tops with rubber seal rims............................................14.99 

37B. 9-PC. BOWL SET by SASS, Made of toughened clear glass for beauty and durability. 
The set includes sizes from 2-1/2-inch to 9-1/2 inch ..................................Special 11,99 

3BE. "OBLIQUE" STACKING TUMBLERS AND 
TANKARDS by TEXAS-WARE. Break and stain-resistant. Dishwasher safe. Clear, yellow-, lime, or brawn. 
Reg. 
Sale 

Mugs 
................. 
1.75 1,39 

Tumblers .......................L . 
1.oo 
.79 
38F. “EPICURE" MELAINE DINNERWARE by TEXAS-WARE. Drop if! Scrub it! Stcfck It! 
This colorful, dinnerware thrives onward use. Brown, white, lime or yellow. 
IO” dinner p la te 
.. 
1.65 
1.32 

38D. "GAZEBO" is a nostalgic, wood lattice look in brown and 

Spoon rest 
Napkin holder 

7" salad plate ... 
2o-oz, soup bowl . 
12-oz. cereal bowl 
1o-oz. m ug............ 
12"x6-1/2" platter .. 
28-oz. serving bowl 

19A, "MULTI-FI 

 cooks, slews, fondue* ,slmme»l and bolls,.. even pops coml Hr aluminum, compacfstze.vdrlc control. Special c r..cr . CTO 

RNE-KNIVES byOHteAQOt 
Om^Y^mpWrcoWiiV sets with special steel Wack and wood haridlesTh beautiful solid oak botete* 

 holds 3” parer, 6” y! 
8h^MfeCTr5d7 

Reg. 79.99 
41C. "GOURMET HI holds S" dvjcl 6" utlffl 
8" sneer, S p a rin g 
Reg. 49.991,...... 

 am* 

41D. CULIN A RIA "8AKE-A-ROUND' 
Delicious homem ade breadbakedJhe new wet?: clear gtaw Pyrex^ M jeW long arKt3-!/2T india® 
'shy the makers of Q qualify: Specks! 

J 
' 

 b y NATIONAL SILVER This to­ pe. set features all the old fashioned cast iron cooking qualities plus the modem flair of rich wood handles. 
Includes 1,2, St 3-qt. covered saucepans, 4-1/2-qt. Dutch oven, 8" and IO" skillets. 
S p e c ia l......................29.99 
4oB. 8-PC. SET of REVERE 
WARE®, the famous stainless steel cookware with copper clad bottoms to spread heat evenly. Stay cool knobs and handles, sturdy hanging rings. 
Includes 1-1 /2 and 2-qt. covered saucepans, 7* and 
IO" skillets and 4-1/2 qt. Dutch oven with cover that also fits 
IO" skillet. Open stock value, 
81.oo .......................... 49.99 

4oD. NEW "SILVER-STONE" COOK SET by WEA REVER. 
Heavy gauge aluminum with interiors af DuPont “Silver- 
Stone' a new. premium non-stick surface 9-pc. set includes I and 2-qt. covered saucepans. 5-qt Dutch oven with cover and meat rack, and 7* and IO* open frypans Special 
59.99 
Open stock pieces at special prices too1 
8' open frypan 
. 7.99 
IO" open frypan 
9.99 
5-qt- Dutch oven .. .19.99 
Square griddle 
9.99 
2-qt. covered sa u ce p a n ......................................13.99 

4oC. CLUB ALUMINUM COOK SET. The original heavy cast aluminum cookware with heat rings on the bottom for even heat distribution. Super seal lids let you cook with less water which saves minerals, vitamins, and flavor. Set includes 1-1/2 qt. covered saucepan, 3-1/2 qt, covered casserole, 9" open frypan and 7” open skillet. 
Comes in brown, avocado or gold. Reg. open stock value 61.96 ......................................................... 39.99 
Matching 2 qt. teakettle.......................................18.9? 

41 A. 7-PC. “LE CREUSET" STARTER SET. Heavy cast iron cookware with colorful porcelain exteriors and slick white porcelain interiors. The set includes 3/4-qt. and 
1-1/2-qt, covered saucepans, 4-1/2-qt. Dutch oven, 9" open fry pan and Le Creuset cookbook. Flame, brown or yellow. Open stock value, 95.75 .....................59.99 

42A.11-PC. SET of 
FARBERWARE* COOKWARE. 
Solid stainless steel with even heating aluminum clad bottoms Set includes I, 1-1/2 and 3 qt. covered saucepans, double boiler insert, 7" and IO'' fry pans and 8 qt. covered sauce pot. Open stock value, 
119.oo .............................79.99 

42F. FARBERWAR&S FOOD PROCESSOR. 
Small but mighty.. .performs in seconds*what once took hours. Chops, grates, slices, shreds, kneads, mixes, blends and purees. Complete with stainless steel slicing discs and recipe book. You've seen others fjpr as high as 225.oo but this fabulous processorby Farberwqre® is only . 
I 
...,. :f19.99 

42B ELECTRIC CREPE MAKER by 
FARBERWARE®. New “Batter Up"™ automatic crepe maker will open up a whole new world of exciting menu ideas. It's so easy! Dip in batter, bake, slide it off.. .perfect crepes every time! S pecial.........................................19.99 
42C. FARBERWARE* COUNTRY 
COFFEEMAKER. A12 cup drip filter automatic... the perfect electric coffee brewer, Tempered glass carafe fits in a handsome wood look cabinet. Warming plate keeps brewed coffee at serving temperature. Special ..........................29.99 

42D. “OPEN HEARTH"1, BROILER/ROTISSERIE by FARBERWARE-. No-smoke, no-spatter broiling with the new “cool zone" cooking method that seals in natural juices. Easy to clean... all broiler parts are completely immersible. IO" x 15" size. Special ___ 54.99 
42E. "UL GRILL" by FARBERWARE*. Electric hamburger cooker with a reversible tray for grilling sandwiches. Quick cooking, easy clean up ................ 
14.99 

WW 
, 

42F ^ 

43A. THE "CASABLANCA"^ 
CEILING FAN by EMERSON. 
Add a decorator touch to your home, porch or patio as well as cooling breezes. 36 inch fan with wood grain finished blades. 
S pecial 
.......... 99.oo 

Optional Light k it......... 19.99 
Optional swag k it 
14.99 

43B. THE KITCHEN ART CAN 
OPENER by DAZEY. Clever electric can openefTooks like a giant can. 
Features powef pierce, magnetic lid lifter, full cord storage 
Snapkleen™ removable lever. 
—“TT Choose Hershey's Chocolate 
Syrup, Campbell's Tomato Soup or 
Maxwell House Coffee. 

Sale ...................................14.99 

43C. THE "YUM YUM 
MACHINE" by RICHMOND 
CEDAR WORKS. Delicious home made ice cream, electrically, with no hand cranking! Makes from 2 to 4 qts Real wood tub with meta! bands andbail handle. Heavy 

Powerful U.L.listed motor. 
Special 
......................29.95 

.SSW *** 

— Sperciqt. 

SHEDDING NEH/ 

* i ' 

1 1 9 
44F 

J 

 f c 

I 

I r 

FIVE FABULOUS DECORATOR 
LAMPS by ALSY. 
Reg. 
Sale 
44A. Midi a rc 
7o.oo 44.99 
44B. Bare bulb tree lam p........................ 11o.oo 79.99 
4 4 C . P h a r ma c y lam p ........................ 69.98 44.99 
44D. Mini a rc 
5o.oo 
34.99 
44E. Bare bulb table lam p ....................... 95.oo 
74.99 

GLAMOROUS TABLE LAMPS by CYCLE ll. 

44F. Optic glass and brass........................ 75.oo 59.99 
44G. Brass and glass bean p o t................ 45.oo 
34.99 
44H. Antique gold finish ....................... 95.oo 
74.99 

 f=t" 
44E 

■r 

44G 

44H 

IT'S 
TI/l/IE 
TO 
REMX 

45A. LEATHER LOOK 
RECLINER by ACTION. 
Handsome styling is at home with any decor 
Quality construction gives you years of unsurpassed comfort. 
Covered in long wear­ ing brown vinyl. 
Reg. 249.95 . 
199.95 

45B. GOLDEN REST BEDDING by SIMMONS. 
Reg. 
Sale 
Mattresses and box springs with all the 
Twin (each piece) 
69.oo 
49.oo fine quality that Simmons is famous for at 
Full (each piece)............. 89.oo 69.oo really great savings Attractive gold and 
Queen (set) 
249.oo 179.oo white covers. 
King (set)........................ 349.oo 249.oo 

OUTDOOR 
LIVING AT 
ITS BEST! 

WROUGHT IRON FURNITURE by LYON-SHAW. 
46A. Five piece dining group in yellow includes 42 round dining table with tempered glass top, four chairs. 
Reg. 229.oo 
179.oo 
461. Three piece cafe set in yellow includes 3o round dining table with tempered glass top and two chairs. 
Reg. 129.oo ..........................99.oo 
46C. Five piece dining group in yellow with 48' round Table with mesh top, four mesh armchairs. 
Reg. 349.oo ........ 
.279.oo 
46D. Four piece seating group in 
Olympic green, as shown, or yellow. Includes settee. 2 spring chairs and round coffee table. 
Reg. 259.oo ........................ 199.oo 

Furniture 

47A. REDWOOD FURNITURE by 
JOHN HANCOCK. Four piece patio group includes an adjustable chaise lounge, two club chairs and a 24 rectangular table. Constructed of heavy redwood with extra plump, stain resistant vinyl cushions. 
Reg. 149.99 ....................... 119.99 
47B. FALCONETTE PORTABLE GAS 
GRILL. Cast aluminum grill with stainless steel burner and cooking grids. Complete with 11 lb. LP gas tank, regulator valves, hose and connections All on a sturdy tubular aluminum roll around cart. 
Reg. 119.99 .......................... 99.99 
47C. MR. MEAT SMOKER ESQUIRE. 
The best in outdoor cooking. This double grill smokes, roasts, steams and barbecues with the unique concept of a water pan and charcoal Brown or orange 
Comes with drip pan, seasoning and hickory chips. 
Reg. 73.9o .................. 49.99 

Housewares 

YOUR l/ERY 
CX4/N TROPICS 

The natural look of wicker at our own direct import prices! Choose from lots of decorative accent pieces and a huge assortment of baskets in all shapes, sizes. 
48A. Magazine rack ......................12.99 
481. Set of 3 tables .......................7o.oo 
48C. Folding screen.......................89.99 
48D. 18" plant stand.........................5.99 
48E. 23" plant stand....................... 1o.99 
48F. 35" plant stand....................... 12.99 
48G. 18" planter.......... 1................ 8.99 
48H. 24" planter j .................12.99 
48J. 12' planter.......... J................ 6.99 
48K. 16" cane stick stool ................ 44.99 
48L. Serving tra y ..............................6.99 
48M. Bed tray .............................. .16.99 
48N. Mirror wall planter................ .12.99 
48P. 6" to 3o' baskets . ... .1.oo to 19.5o 
BRASS AND BAMBOO LAMPS by ALSY. 

48R. Table lamp, reg. 49.98.......... 39.99 
48S. Tray floor lamp, red. 1o5.oo ... 89.99 

 nu n ii w ii | j | ii ii 
Some of the items shown in I fillllillllllllllll 
(linum iiiiitniii] 

!illillll|ll|l|lllfl I II! I I 

 f ix PH KSS NEWS 
S u n d a y 
8. IO T T 
M u l g a * ! IM* J J 
One day a hundred years ago 

Wickes w ashed down with apple juice and steaming 
W estern coffee. 
The two-hour trips start from Allentown, a rustic-decor travelers’ service complex on Highway DU, six m iles out of Kanon and just across the road from the Ninepipe 
National W ildlife Refuge 
It’s a 2o-m inute drive north to M ontana’s peerless 
F lath ead Lake and a lovely tw o-hour trip to G lacier 
National P ark from both Allentown and the N ational 
Bison Range. 
The two-hour trips art1 priced at $7.f>o for riders over 
12, $5 for under 12, and free for pre-schoolers who are accom panied by their parents. The bison range* trips, for an all-da.v, jo u rn ey -in to -h isto ry jau n t w ith a h earty lunch, are $2o per adult. $15 per teenager, $1o for a grade school child, and $5 for pre-schoolers. 
There is no charge at all fen- the sense of trauquilitv. the relaxed pact*, or the scent of sagebrush on the evening wind. And there is no way of m easuring the sudden com prehension of how sm all the wagons are. of how little they’d carry of treasures and of how much they’d leave behind, if the old wagons were heading West to the wild forever instead of only through a piece of 
Montana today. 
For further inform ation, write Buffalo Frail Rides at 
Box 714, Ronan, Montana 59864. 
For fu rth er M ontana vacation inform ation contact: 
Montana Travel Promotion Unit, D epartm ent of High­ ways, H elena M ontana 596o1. F or help with planning your Sum m er ‘77 vacation, contact your Sun Antonio area travel agent. 

Mon ta na ’s grea t covered wagon adventure 

Buffalo roll in the powdery dirt of a favored wallow — feet in the air, graceless — ridding their wooly shoulder capes of fleas and pests and raising clouds of fine, white dust. 
The dram atic Montana landscape of gentle hills and soaring m ountains unrolls by the inch, seen from the lurching perspective of a covered wagon. 
W heels ru m b le , th e ir iron rim s c u ttin g th ro u g h sagebrush and releasing a pungent sm ell, and the soft clip-elop of horses’ feet blends with wagon creaks and harness squeaks. 
It isn’t a science fiction tim e trip, and it isn’t a once- in-a-lifetim e project. It’s a covered wagon ride through the National Bison Range at Moiese in northwest Mon­ tana, and it’s a trip for the senses. 
Two of the area’s trail-w ise outfitters — Bob Toelke and Loreri Clary — discovered that together they had the basic ingredients for the wagon train venture: wagons, harness, expertise, and seasoned team s of powerful, good natured Belgian m ares to pull the wagons. 
O perating under a Federal license as a concession on the National Bison Range, the two formed Buffalo Trail 
Rides, Inc-., giving Montana vacationers a trip into the atm osphere of a hundred years ago. 

OPERATING EACH YEAR From July I until Labor 
Day, they offer visitors a com bination of trip types — dav-long covered wagon rides over nearly 14 m iles of the 
19,ooo-acre range, and two-hour trips across the undu­ 

 lating green meadows of the Flathead Indian Reserva­ tion to a sm all lake in the shadows of M ontana's might Iv 
Mission Mountains. 
T he wagon train trip s get quickly into y esterd ay . 
Although there is a 19-mile self-guiding auto tour road over the bison range, the covered wagons take a different route and c a rs and w agons n ev er m eet. F or wagon riders, traveling at under two m iles an hour, there is tim e to savor all the m an m agnificence of Montana. 

SOME 4oo BUFFALO live on the open range, and. seen from the w agons, they a re ponderous, d ram atic and stran g ely p reh isto ric. Angelope race cloud-shadovvs, m ore curious than afraid, and deer flow through hollows and over ridges with un effortless grace. 
Inquisitive Rocky M ountain bighorn sheep pose on rock outcroppings to stare at the creaking wagons below them , and elk with an im perial attitude withdraw slowly into tim bered ravines. 
Golden eagles and swooping hawks ride air currents, and a coyote trots along, about his business as if it were first im the agenda. 
Blooming wtldlflowers spot the sagebrush with color, and the Mission Mountains loom like a painted backdrop behind it all. 

THE 18AO-POUND DRAFT HORSES are definitely part of the trip, their great m uscles bunching and rip ­ pling as the wagons roll across the changing terrain. 
Halfw ay along the course lunch-stop is called, and riders spraw l on pine-duff to bite into thick ham sand- 

C om m ent, listin g s, p ictu res, p h o n e nu m bers, tim es, ad d resses—everything you need to k n ow b efo re you ta k e in a flick is yours in SUNDAY M aga­ zine* Ron W hite’s colum n is on 
P age 8 with listings and the rest on P ages 11 through 15 today. 

The Beach Boys: 
Oh Gee! One more 

Summertime must be coming on. Perky little halter tops are awaken­ ing from their hiberna­ tion. So is the musical equivalent of the halter top. 
I am sp e a k in g , of course, of the skimpy, but p leasan t su m m er­ time music of the Beach 
Boys. They have just put out another album of their noses peeling. 
The album is "T h e 
Beach Boys Love You” 
(R eprise) and there is little reason to doubt that. Any group which can stay in business for 
16 years without ever, leaving Surf City (two girls for every gu-u-u-y) has plenty of reason to be grateful. 

TH IS PA R TIC U LA R 
ALBUM is a collection of extrem ely com plex, deep songs. One of the' m ost intricate, "D in g 
Dang” , runs on for 54 seconds. 
Most of the others are veritable opuses of way up around two minutes each. 
That m ay seem an aw fully long tim e to chant "B apa Ooo Mow 
Mow,” but you have to re aliz e a son g like 
"R oller Skating Child” h as m any lev els of meaning. Critics will be arguing for years over the significance of the cryptic lyrics "Oh Gosh, 
Oh Gee.” 
The plot seem s to re­ volve around a roller rink. (Catch the double meaning? I told you this was deep ) There is a girl involved. There is a boy who wants to hold her hand and go around with her. 
He also wants to go to h er house when her mother isn t home. Oh, golly. 

THE FIRST DATE IN­ 
N O CEN CE of the 
Beach Boys is part, per­ haps all, of their charm. 
They just can’t help it. 
They do a rough, tough 
"on the road” song and it comes out "H onkin’ 
Down the (Gosh Durn) 
Highway.” 
With a ch oru s of 
"H onk, honk, honkin' down the highway” that sounds not unlike "B a , 
Ba, Barbara Ann.” 
No Sir. You want a top ical son g about a great contemporary folk hero? M aybe som e fa­ mous victim of oppres­ sion. Don’t expect any 
G eorge 
Ja c k so n s or 
H u rrican e 
C arte rs. 
Nope, it s the legend of 
"Johnny Carson.” 
You p erh ap s d id n ’t realize that Johnny was o p p re sse d ? L isten to this. “ When guests are boring, he fills up the sla c k .T h e netw ork 

Playback 

/Iv Joel McNally 

 m akes him break his b a c k .” 
And 
Woody 
Guthrie thought the de­ portees had it bad. 
W ilson sh a re s song w ritin g c r e d its with 
Roger McGuinn on the epic "D ing D ang.” Brian was probably stuck on 
" D in g ” and went to 
McGuinn for help. 
There is just a whole batch of other musical sc re a m in g yellow zonkers. Like "M ona,” 
"G o o d 
T im e ,” 
"T h e 
Night Was So Young,” 
“ ITI Bet He’s Nice” and 
"L o v e Is a W'oman.” 
They sound like Beach 
Boy songs. 
Ju st to show that the 
Beach B oys can deal with su b je c ts m uch broader than su rfin g, cars and puberty rites, there a lso is a song called "Solar System .” 
Two planets for every gu-u-u-y. 

AN ARTISTIC NOTE: 
The album cover was design ed by Dean o. 
T orrence. Th at nam e might not mean much to a lot of people, but all original Beach Boy fans w ill re m em b er when 
Dean used to sing with another guy named Jan. 
The cover looks like a 
Southern 
C alifo rn ia potholder. 

Some have accused the 
Beach Boys of being on a suburban safari 
Which brings us to the Barbie and Ken of popular mu­ sic: The C aptian and 
Tennille . 
I am just sick about the reports that Cap’n and Tennie’s television show is going off the air. 
How will the vacuum ever be filled? It is not easy to come up with vacuums of their m agni­ tude. 
Their new album is entitled "Com e In From 
The Ram ” (AAM) which should lay to rest forever the vicious rumors that the Captain is not alert enough to do that. 
Despite having all the stage personality of a box of rocks. Captain 
Daryl Dragon is, it must be admitted, an accom­ plished musician. 
He proves that with a fren zied k eyboard in ­ strum ental called "K a- 
D in g-D on g.” 
(W here have I heard that title before?) 
Unfortunately his work is accompanied by some so rt of high pitched squealing to the effect that he should "go, go, go.” 

OTHER PARTS of the album are accom ­ pan ied by the high pitched squealing which has come to be known as 
Tenm lle’s vocals. 
Songs include "H a p ­ pier Than The Morning 
Sun” written by Stevie 
W onder. 
"D o n ’t 
Be 
S c a re d ” by ex-Beach 
Boy B ru ce Joh n ston , 
"Sad Eyes” by Neil Se- daka and the current single, "C an ’t Stop Dan­ cing’ 
There are no songs about rodents m aking love. 

 i s 

THI CAPTAIN 

• On the Records- 

COMPILED av a iU B O A R D M A G AZIMI 

1. 
* 
I 
- 
TENNILLE 

Top IO Singles 

I . H ot*I C alifo m to — Eagles 
7 . W h at I N o d You — L ac S ay e r 
J Southern N ight* — (Mon C am pbell 
4. Sir Dube — Stevie W onder 
5. Don't Leave Mo IM* W ay — Itta Into Ho ne ton 
A. Bight Tim# Of TH* Night — Jennifer Warner 
7. So Into You — Atlanta Rhythm Section 
( . I've Got Love On My Mind — Noted# Coto 
9. Couldn ’t Get It Bight — Climax Bine* Bond 
1o. I Wanna Got N ext To You — Bo m Boyce *• 

Top 1o Albums 

I. fo g lei — Hotel Caulomic 
2 Fleetwood Mac — Rumour* 
5 . Brl* Hr M etter tor- A Barbra Streisand — ‘"A 

Star IS Bom " Original Soundtrack Recording 
4. Marvin G oy* — Marvin G ay * Live Al Th* 

London Palladium 
5. Ste via Wonder — Song* In Tho Roy Of Ute t Boe tor. — Batton 
7. ‘'Booky’’ Orig in ol Motion Picture Soundtrack 
B. I*ley Broth el* — 6 o For Your Gum 
R. Jethro Tull —. Songs From Th* Wood 
IO. ROMO* — Lofterortvre 

PAG! 2 
IXPRESS-NfWS SUNDAY MAGAZINE—Moy 8,1977 

W oody Allen films first serious comedy 

MFW VORK TIMES SERVICE 
„ NEW 
YORK 
- 
Walking along the streets of New York. Woody Al­ len, Diane Keaton and 
Tony Roberts run into the 
Devil — robust, bearded and wearing a red tie — 
— who invites them to accom p an y him on a guided tour of hell. 
The four enter an ele­ vator, which goes down. 
At each level, some of 
Allen’s favorite enemies get on: CIA a ssa ssin s, 
F BI informers, fast-food servers. 
At the sixth level, the door opens and — with flam es leaping at their highest — Richard Nixon enters. 
This scene was written, shot and edited, but it does not appear in Al­ len’s new movie, "Annie 
H all.” 
Neither does a scene in which Allen, the ulti­ mate basketball fan, ful­ fills a fantasy and plays ball with his idols on the 
New Y ork K n ick s —- d rib b lin g with 
E a rl 
Monroe, fighting for re­ bounds with Walt F r a ­ zier. 

IN EACH CASE. 
Al len felt that the scenes detracted from the final film what could be de­ scribed as his first ser­ ious comedy. 
T h is tim e out, the 
41-year-old Allen would allow for no digressions, no matter how hilarious. 
" I ’ve always been able to get laughs,” he said re­ cen tly. " I w anted to move on. This is not a quantum leap , but at le a st it’ s a couple of inches in the right direc­ tion.” 
The script was written by Allen and M arshall 
Brickm an as a eomic, 
Bergm anesque "stream of consciousness show ing one individual’s state of mind, in which conver­ sations and events con­ stantly trigger dream s, fan tasies and recollec­ tions.” 
As the m ovie d eve­ loped, the mind of the man. Alvy Singer, played by Allen, made less of an im p act than the c h a r­ acter’s involvement with a woman, Annie Hall, played by Diane Keaton. 
Generously, Allen de­ cided to name the movie for her. "A n nie H all” became the story of their relationship, which par­ allels the real-life rela­ tionship of Allen and 
Miss Keaton. 
When it was suggested to the occasionally secre­ tive Alien that his movie was an invasion of his own privacy, he categor­ ically denied the charge. 
" I t ’s really a work of fiction,” he said. Then he proceeded to confirm at least the outline of the characters. 

"D ETA ILS 
ARE 
PICKED from life,’ he said. " I ’m a comedian. 
D iane sin g s, and I ’m frien d s with Tony Ro­ b e rts, and alm ost everybody I know has moved out to California,” 
Both the author and his character were married twice, but, said Allen, "I 

 k ^ 

WOODY ALLEN: "This is not a quantum leap, but at least it's a couple of inches in the right direction.' 

 was not m arried to a New 
York intellectual nor to anyone politically com ­ mitted — — as in the movie. I lived with Diane for a year when we were doing “ Play It A gain, 
Sam ’ on Broadway, but” 
— in co n tra st to the characters in the movie 
— "w e’re still the best of friends.” 
Alien’s character was born in an apartment under a roller coaster in 
Coney Island, a definite departure from reality. 
Originally, Allen was goin g to u se his own birthplace in Brooklyn as the setting for his hero’s childhood but, while scou tin g location s for other scen es, he disco­ vered the house under the roller coaster, and decided on the spot that that was where Woody- 
Alvy had been born. 
Because he is both the writer and director, he sim ply said to the art director, "I want to get that house,” and changed the script — and Alvy’s father was transform ed from a cab d riv er in 
Brooklyn to the man who ru n s the b u m per-car concession at Coney. 

THEN 
A LLE N 
AD­ 
MITTED, "T h ere’s one cle ar autob iograph ical fact in the picture: I’ve thought about sex since my first intim ation of consciousness.” 
There is also a d e ar iine of fact in M iss Kea­ ton’s role. Her real name is Diane Hall. In common with her character, she calls her grandm others 
G ram m y, u ses e x p re s­ sions like "la-dee-dah” and "O h , gee, i t ’s a wacky old world,” and o rd ers p a stra m i and white bread with mayo. 
" I rem em ber having 
Thanksgiving dinner at one of her G ram m y ’s h ouses. 
A b eau tifu l 
American Fam ily. I felt J 

 was an alien or exotic object to them , a ner­ vous, anxiety-ridden, su­ spicious, w ise-cracking kind of strange bird. Ac­ tually, that wasn’t so far off from what I was. 
"A fter dinner, all these gram m ys sat around playing penny poker. I couldn’t believe it. My family would have been exchanging gunfire.” 
Inspired by these facts, the m ovie of "A n n ie 
Hall” began to evolve — from concept to script, through casting, finding locations, shooting and editing — — each step leaving its imprint on the fin al produ ct. 
Allen creates as he films. 

THIS IS HIS SIXTH 
FEATURE and he feels that he was greater con­ trol of technique, such as in the use of the camera and of color. For exam ­ ple, in 
"Annie- Hall,” there is a deliberate 
"three-color schem e.” 
The New York scenes, 
Annie and A lvy’s love story, were filmed only on gray, overcast days or at sundown, "the most romantic light.” 
Alvy’s past, al home and in school, is "very yellow and golden,” the hue of nostalgia. 
C alifo rn ia, which 
Alvy-Woody hates, is shot 
"r ig h t into the sun. 
Everybody is so white that they seem to vapor­ ize.” 
Until it was finished 
“ Annie 
H all” was hush-hush. 
Nobody knew where the shooting was goin g on in New 
York or even what the name of the movie was. 
Allen did n ’t know the nam e, eith er. He and 
Brickman considered 1o(1 possibilities. 
Right up until the end, the favored title was 
"Anhedonia.” But hardly anyone knew what the 

 word meant, so it was jettisoned. 
"Anhedonia is a psy­ chological state where nothing gives a person pleasure,” he explained. 
"The word hedonism is in it. We diagnosed that as Alvy’s problem; noth­ ing gives him any plea­ sure.” 

ASKED 
IF 
THAT were HIS problem as well as his hero’s, he said, "I think everyone su ffers from it, just as everyone is a little paranoid. I don't develop big enthu­ siasm s. I find film aking laborious and tedious. 
"I try to mitigate it bv working with Diane, who 
I like a lot. This time I gave myself a very big treat by working in New 
York. I think I will try to make all my film s here.” 
What DOES he take pleasure in? Meaningless stuff. 
"I get fun out of a few diversions. 
Basketball. 
Playing the clarinet. And other foolish things, like going for walks, drifting in and out of revival houses, buying records, sitting on park benches. 
"I like to stand in line for m ovies, though not for m ore than IO m in­ utes. I d m ake a good drugstore cowboy.” 
Though his film s may become even more ser­ ious, A lle n ’s life con­ tinues to be an absurd comedy. Things happen to Woody Allen. 
One evening he walked to the bank on his corner to get some cash from the money machine. Ile put his money credit card into the slot — and the machine ate up the card. 
On another occasion he was sitting in his Fifth 
Avenue penthouse apart­ ment when lightning stru ck h is te rra c e , 
.sm ashing a gargoyle. 
Is Somebody trying to tell him something? 

A real scorcher 
Boleros them over 

London has a new release out that is so hot, it sizzles. 

It is Solti and the Chicago Symphony playing 
Ravers Bolero, and Debussy’s Prelude to the 
Afternoon of a Faun and La Mer (CS 7o33). 

Bolero has always left a bad taste in my mouth. When I was in college a girlfriend of mine who was a piano teacher used to inces­ santly play Bolero on the Cherrywood piano in her living room. 

She would play the the monotonous theme over and over iii the long crescendo until she nearly collapsed from exhaustion and excite­ ment. 

Then one day I discovered she had become pregnant from a jock star who had been visiting her. I also found out after moving to 
San Francisco that the indiscretion took place on the living room rug right in front of her piano. 

I have had the nagging notion he took advantage of her as she fell limp after playing 
Bolero. 

Well, Solti’s version may not be quite that exciting, but it brings the big sound of Chicago to a piece that is frequently on the screechy side. The pace is more stately than most recordings, but the music loses nothing — rather, it gains body lacking in most rendi­ tions. 

But the real gem on this disc is Solti’s La 
Mer. 

Too many versions of this orchestral mas­ terpiece are on the delicate rather .ban powerful side. 

Many recordings depict mere splashes rather than the powerful surging waves of the sea. 

Not here. All the splendor and savagery of the sea rushes forth, recedes, churns mightily beneath the placid surface and spreads silently over the glassy moon-lit beach. 
This is definitely a “ nautical” La Mer. You can almost taste the salt air and the nudge of the bracing sea breezes. 
It doesn’t take much imagination at all to see the blazing orb of the sun hanging high in the sky at the end of From Dawn to Noon on the 
Sea. 
And it doesn’t take a very musical ear to hear the majestic foreboding of the bass viol strokes (an effect which was apparently copied by the composers of music for the movie 
“ Jaws” ) at the start of the Dialogue Between the Wind and the Sea. 
This is a scorching offering. If you can’t make it to the Coast this weekend, just turn your stereo up. But set the air conditioner on maximum before you drop this one on the turntable. 

“The Best of San Antonio” 
SIN©AY m a g a zin e 

RON STRAIT-Editor 

BOX 2171, SAN ANTONIO, 78297 
225-741 I EXT. 322 
■ O N THE C O V E R S 

Montana, in America’s great North­ west, is a land of extremes: Mountains and meadows,- summer sun and snow capped peaks. And now, there’s a co­ vered wagon ride to consider if that great state is on your vacation agen­ da. Happy vacation planning. 

TftHTf 
UNUSUAL THINGS TO PO tk BUY IN SAN AN TONIO AND OUR AREA. 
A Pretty Hot Comb 

Fonzy would have loved one of these 
— a switchblade comb. 

Closed up, it looks real enough to make you have to do some fast explaining to the fuzz if they saw it sticking out of your hip pocket. 

But push the button and out pops a comb to shape up those duck-tails or your razor cut. 

They’re available at all Texas 
Stores. 

Switchblade Combs/AOI Texas 
Stares / S4.95. 

Specials for Your Kids 

Summer is near, and here's a few things to keep your children from getting bored. 
Several mind sti­ mulators are being offered by Trinity 
University’s 
Idea 
Workshop, a group that specializes in thinking up creative ideas for young minds. 
June 
6-17 the workshop will offer 
The S.A. Specials for ages 7 to 14. The classes will include three all-day excur­ sions to some familiar and some off-the- beaten-track spots in the city for presentations, inter­ views and sack lunch picnics. The kids will investigate, using the creative arts, differ­ ent facets of San 
Antonio's past and present including the 
Mission period, the 
Victorian Era and the 
Charro tradition. 
The Me Club will be offered June 2o-July 
8 for ages 4 to 8. 
The club gives chil­ 

 dren the opportunity to explore their in­ dividuality through multimedia adven­ tures in sound, dra­ ma, movement and art. Each class is fo­ cused on an aspect of a child’s world: feelings, senses, wishes, problem solving. They receive the The Me Book Kit, 
Puppet Kit, Do Not 
Open Until You Feel 
Bad kit and all need­ ed art material. 
Brainstormers July 
I I -29 will have kids interviewing, enter­ taining and exchanging view ­ points with San An­ tonio’s leading scien­ tists, sportsmen, ar­ 

 tists, businessmen and politicians. They will see how people use their im agina­ tions and problem­ solving abilities. 
And for those who 

 want to reinvent the ice cream social, the old-time picnic or the county fair in their own backyards, there are the 
Summer 
Celebrations. 
The 

 workshop will plan your own neighbor­ hood events with ac­ tivities, games and entertainment com­ plete with a scrap­ book of the events. 
Services include planning time with your family, set up, entertainment and activities materials. 

 idea 
Workshop 
/ A l l E. Mulberry 
/ 736-8 1 o 9 /Each 
$ 1 2 5 except 
Summer Celebra­ tion $15o. 

Apple Pie 

The apple pies are roiling in, but we still haven’t decided on a winner for the Great American 
Apple Pie contest. 
The contest is to find the best apple pie served by a San An­ tonio restaurant. The pies can be as imaginative as you want, and will be judged by a hungry panel who, contestants should be 

 their warned, still remember moms’ apple pies fondly. 
Entries (a whole pie) can be taken to the Express Mews Sun­ day Department anytime from 9 a.m. to I p.m. Monday through 
Friday for the next three weeks. 
The winner along with a photo­ graph of the pie and chef will be published in Try It!. 

EXPRESS-NEWS SUNDAY MAGAZINE— May 8, 1977 
PAGE 3 

G 
O 
O 
R o j a r z u 

DOLORES CORTEZ 
767 E. Myrtle 
FOX TECH HIGH SCHOOL 
Science interests Dolores Cortez and she shows great promise in that field. 
So much so that Princeton University has offered her a scholarship to study pre-medicine. She would like a career as a general practitioner. 
Dolores is a member of a select group of gifted San Antonio youngsters chosen for a two-year program sponsored by the National Science Foun­ dation at the University of Texas at San Antonio. 
Dolores and her colleagues conduct research on viruses and bacteria in sewage water, and study the effects of contaminated water on plants and soil. Dolores will conclude her work at the foundation this July. 
An honor student and student council president, Dolores has served as vice president and parliamentarian of Fox Tech’s Science Club. 
Recognized by her peers as a leader, Dolores was selected secretary of the sophomore class, an honorary student council member two years and junior class vice president. 
Despite her other activities, Dolores, a member of the National Honor 
Society, ranks second in her class of 48o with a 4.3 grade point average. 
Recipient of the Optimist’s Youth in Medicine Award during Youth Ap­ preciation Week, Dolores was selected as an entry in the 1976 Who’s Who 
Among American High School Students. 
Dolores is secretary for Our Mother in Heaven Praesidium of the 
Junior Legion of Mary, a group of Catholic young people and adults that meets regularly to do religious work such as visiting nursing homes and making home visits. 
Many San Antonians know Dolores as the friendly photographer at 
Playland Park. She enjoys painting in watercolor or oil, drawing and studying about virology and microbiology. She will soon be honored bv the Optimist Club of San Antonio. 

/V U ) (VTG O M E 
CONGRATULATIONS... 
UA V U M 
I 

CB paradise 

CB Con vac 

By INK DIPPER 

Editor o f The CB Timex-Journal 

Public 
Wildlife Art 
Show 

W E D N E S D A Y , M A Y H T H O N L Y . The 6th International H un t 

 ers' and Fish erm en 's Conservation Conference, a project pf 

G a m e Conservation International, has again assembled the 

 finest collection of wildlife art and bronzes in the world 
In­ 

 ternationally renow ned artists - Bob Ku h n - Terry M athew s 

(Kenya) - K im Brooks (En g la n d ) - Robert Glen (Kenya) - 

Vie G u h rs (So u th Africa) - Sim o n Com bes (Kenya) - Veryl 

G o o d n ig h t - B o b Wolf - lead a glittering array of artists dis­ 

 playing the u ltim ate in wildlife art Available for viewing by 

 the public W ednesday. M ay l l . only - 2 :o o P .M . to 9 o o 

P M 
S o m e art available for purchase. San A n to n io Conven­ 

 tion Center - B a n q u e t Hall # 1 . Admission - $2 OO per per­ 

 son 
Tickets available at door. N o Cameras Please. Registra 

 lions for entire 6th C o nference still accepted Con tact G a m e 

Conservation, 9 o o N E Loop 4 1 o . San Antonio. Tx. 7 8 2 o 9 . 

PAGE 4 
EXPRESS-NEWS SUNDAY M AGAZINE—Moy 8 ,1 9 77 

Enjoy Mothers Day and Dine in the 
Great Outdoors. 

TTve L uis lust one patio is jut environmental adventure in dining Big family style tables and 
Itenches under giant live oaks, hundreds of years old. A cool breeze with your icvy think Fresh air with the In-st barbecue in the south. 

OUR SPECIALTY - TH E PLATTER 
A delicious all y o u ca n * a t eoinbinat ion of ribs sau sa g e, an d boof served w ith tossed green salad, besant*. potato salad , green onions, horn*-st} Ic br**ari. b u tler a n d honey $ 4 9 5 f>cr person (;J o r mon*) 

I 

6 8 8 2 5 8 o 
LEO N SPR IN G S, TEX AS 
12 m ilos from 4 IO on EH IU W est at Boerne Stag! ■ Rd 

Latin America is a CB paradise on earth. 
While U.S. and Cana­ dian CBers must operate with only four watts of output pow er, and a l­ w ays worry about go­ vernm ent supervision, 
CBers in South and Cen­ tral America have radios with thousands of watts of power. 
And Latin American governments either have no CB regu lation s or don’t enforce what they have. 
“ If I had to go hack to the U.S. and operate like the 
F ederal 
C om m unications Com­ mittee says, I think I’d dry up and die,” says one Am erican oil com ­ pany employe who lives in South America. 
Ile would indeed. His base radio at home has linear amplifiers, which boost power, giving him as much as 1o,ooo watts. 
In his private car he has a set with 5,ooo watts. 
He’s even had to add an extra alternator to his car’s generating system to provide enough cur­ rent for the amplifier. 
A few o.f the high- power CBers are am a­ teurs who stray into the citizens band. But most are considered outlaws who might have a radio operator’s license for the country but don't abide by any regulations. 

“ Y ou’ve got to re­ member this is still kind of lik e the Old Wild 
West,’’ says the oil man. whose comparison gives away his Texas origins. 
The CBers are mostly 
American and an occa­ sional Canadian. 

While all don’t operate with thousands of watts, it would be hard to find one who d id n ’t have m ore than the legal 
North American power output. 

There are relatively few native CBers. Ima­ gine being able to talk for a couple of hours without someone break­ ing to tell you that you are clogging the chan­ nel! 

Perhaps they wouldn’t be into CB if it weren’t for the cultural isolation. 
“I’ve been back to the 
U.S. twice in IO years,” says an em ploye of a banana grower. 
“The CB though lets me visit. I’m from Iowa originally and I always shoot for contact with someone up there.’’ 

 yK'fi Ocsr Keoavcp 
More raws-SM- 

OOO 
V E V E E M E R T i t o 
... 
^ 
- 
C e te c c r TQPKV 
To Ttt&IUatr Aw? 
^ 
FLOW®. SRoW- rUiVliil SRO' 

 ooo oo YwvOp-J 
XOUmRY JUNCTION 

Porter who? 

By KKD O DONNELL 

NASHVILLE. Term. - 
Dorter Wagoner has al­ most drifted into the 
“ Where Are They Now?" category. 
The tall, lean singer out of W ester Plains, 
Mo., is more or less the 
‘invisible m an’ on the country music scene. 
Time was — and it wasn’t too long ago — that he and Dolly Parton were a high priced head­ lined act. His, her and their recordings were best sellers. 
I caught up with him at 
Fireside Studio, which he owns. “ I’m getting back into action,’’ he greeted me. 
“ I got a new recording, 
I H aven't Learned a 
Thing,’ com ing out in 
May,’’ he said. 
“ I haven’t had a single on the market in more than a y ear. ‘Indian 
( reek’ was the last I did. 
I doubt if many people rem em ber it. It didn’t win any popularity con­ tests.’’ 
Wagoner, in a relaxed mood, appeared anxious to talk. 
“ D on’t ask me too much about Dolly,” he cautioned. “ However, I want it known that all those stories and rumors about me going into a depression after Dolly and I split up as a team are so much m alarky.” 
(Dolly d ep arted his show' in early 1975. He broke up the touring act several months later.) 
“I have taken a year off to overhaul and mo­ dernize my recording studio,” he insisted. 
“ I’ve never been hap­ pier. You sure can quote me on that. I’ve gained about IO pounds in the past IO months and now weigh about 162. I’m al­ most a 
‘little round man,’’’ he laughed. 
“ I feel so good men­ tally and physically,” he continued, “ I plan to do some aw ay-from -N ash- vilIe appearances. I ll probably do IO or 12 shows later this year or in 1978. I’ll perform in cities that I can fly to and fly back. No more bus touring. I’ll also be tap­ ing my syndicated TV series, selling that patent medicine.” 
Against his warning, I brought up the subject of 
Dolly Parton. 
Wagoner, it is general­ ly agreed among the lo­ cal music set, discovered 
Dolly, gave her her first break as a recording ar­ tist and on-stage and on-TV perform er, and summarily nurtured her career. He is responsible for much of her success as an entertainer. 
“ I haven’t seen Dolly or talked with her in about a year,” was the extent of his comments. 
Quote T im e------ 
Publisher Jim Pelton memos: “There’s a hot 
LF on the charts called 
‘Dave and Sugar.’ I pre­ dict it will get even hot­ ter what with the ban on saccharin." 
Jerry Reed has signed to do som e 
TV commercials for an air conditioner. “ Why not?” he asks. “When You’re 
Hot You’re Hot.” 

Wew American Airlines. Doms what we do best, 
The best way to see 
California: Fly/Drive. 
Thebe 
American. 

T h e 
"American 

Fly/Drive 
Vacation 

Fly to California on A m erica’s No. I airline. Pick up your car at any Am erican 
Airlines city when you arrive. Spend the next 
7 days driv ing where and when you want to 
...a n d the next 6 nights staying at com fortable hotels all over the state. 
^ 
When you’re ready to go hom e, just 
I drop your car off in the city where you catch your Am erican flight back. 
T hat’s Am erican Airlines’ 
Fly-Drive Vacation Package— the lowest cost and most flexible 
Fly-Drive available. And the only one that offers both sightseeing and dining options. 
A m erican’s Fly-Drive is perfect for people who would like to discover California on their own, at their own pace. 
It’s also a great idea for fam ilies who would normally make the trip in their own car. Consider this: To take four people to California by car, it would cost approxim ately $ I OO per day for food, lodging, gas and extras. Plus all the vacation time you lose by driving. Not to mention the wear and tear on everybody. 
W hen you add it all up, we think you'll find that your family can save valuable vacation days and dollars with an Am erican Fly-Drive Vacation Package. For details, call Am erican or your Travel Agent. Saving you money is one of the things we do best. 

$3o.9o 

 jf 
* $3o.9o per day (fur up ti) 4 people). Includes accom­ modations at Howard Johnson Motor Lodges or Duality 
Inns plus a Dollar Rent-A-Car (Pinto or equal) with unlimited mileage (gas and taxes extra). Air fare not included. 
* * $27.9o per day (for 2 people). Includes accommoda­ tions at Best Western Hotels. Same deal on Dollar Rent-A-Car. 
Air fare not included. Rates for both packages based on 
7 days/6 nights. (Al some hotels there’s a surcharge.) 

American is the No. I choice for domestic travel. 
^irsi the Airline Passengers Association sat i'eyed its frequent-flying members. Then the Opinion 
Research Corporation surveyed middle and top management executives. In both cases, more people preferred American than any other U.S. airline. We think it’s because of 36 thousand courteous, efficient American employees. 
A nd one of them is Stun 
Warren, baggage service agent here in San 
Antonio. 

 p erd a y 

$27.9oper day 

IXPRtSS-NEWS SUNDAY M A G A Z IN f-M o y 8,1977 
PAGE S 

Raging Amazon; an old boat. . . 

Capitan Julian Rios 
Gordon has been piloting boats on the upper Ama­ zon for JO years. 
A lot of it on the thumping old Adolfo. It 

 was built for this river work in Glasgow, 72 years ago. 
The Capitan — (the name Gordon comes from an English grand­ 

 father) — is short, dark and beak-nosed. 
A jaguar tooth hangs ar­ ound his neck — very macho. 
In the evening he plays 

 ti CORPUS CHRISTI 

S A 
Corpus Christi is all the things you've saved up tor 
/ 
<^<3 your breakaw ay getaway Bay or gulf sailing 
J v° c< 
Water-skiing Surfing Golf. Tennis? This is “ that 
/ f o** <£>, tennis town in Texas" over IOO courts for 
^ 
<po<? visitor use. Plus the world's longest white 
^ 
^ sand beach. Lively bayfront hotels by 
^ 
^ 
P°' ,<A white hulled yachts lining the j f f manna. It's a wonder you ever j ^ c° go home So many don't f 
4 ° s- 

✓ c ° 
* 
‘e 

/ 

ONP 
S A cf 

A Panama Canal cruise with Royal Piking Line. 
There’s nothing else like it. 

 iii 

PER PERSON COST $1,863.oo - $2,311.oo 
G R O U P ESCORTED FRO M SA N AN TO N IO 
OCTOBER 31 - NOVEMBER 16 
For Details Come In . . . O r Call Us Now . . . 

£an Antoni$T*av(l, inc. 

 m im ics 
8517 Blanco Rd., at Was* •' •*., dlSiSSJBfe 
San Antonio, Texas 7« 

MIMM! 

5 1 2 /3 4 Q 2 4 ? I 

 poker — five card stud — with the passengers. All of us soaked in mosquito repellent. 
Bottles of cold San 
Juan beer from Pucallpa sweating on the tables. 
The Capitan hauls in pots: “ Suerte con amor, dinero y barques!” he says hammering a beer bottle on the table. “ I have luck in love, with money and with boats!” 
Right out of a B movie: 
“ Jungle Passion.” 

Around the World 

It costs $35o tor six days on the Adolfo. (Ifs no QE II but the Capitan is a snappy dresser. 
Changes clothes three and four times a day.) 
He keeps his poker winnings — Peruvian, 
Colombian, Brazilian and U.S. dollars — in a 

TRAVEL ADVISORS, INC 

See the Treasures of Egypt 
KING TUTANKHAMUN EXHIBIT 
NEW ORLEANS 
Tour departures Sept. and Nov. 
CALL 225-58o1 
J O S H E S turn A UNIT OF ALLIED STORES 

By STAN DELAPLANE black leather portfolio. 
Uses it as a pillow when he sleeps. 
At night the Adolfo’s only navigation instru­ ment is a seven-battery flashlight held by a young boy in the bow. 
Crunch! Thud! Chairs and table lurch. The 
Amazon’s in flood now. 
And we’ve smashed into the jungle again. The 
Capitan shouted. 

Texas Gateway 
Vacations 

Special S a v in g s on a W e e k in the Sun! 

BAHAMAS 
56 + $249 = $3o5* 

8 Days, 7 Nights, Air Fare,Hotel, 

Golf, Tennis and More 

PAGE 6 
EXPRESS-NEWS SUNDAY MAGAZINE— May 8, 1977 

ACAPULCO 
56 + $199 = $255* 

8 Days, 7 Nights 

Air Fare and Hotel 

JAMAICA 
56 + $289 = s345* 

8 Days, 7 Nights 

Air Fare and Hotel 

‘ Total price per person, double occupancy — Includes special discount airline fare to Houston, where you'll connect with a money-saving OTC Charter Tour via Air 
Jamaica, 
Texas 
International or 
Braniff 
Airlines. 
Reservations up to 2o days before dep. 

FOR INFORMATION, CALL 
SAFARIWORLD 
TRAVEL 
9oo N.E. LOOP 41o 828-5629 
V 
Petroleum Center 

Adventure 
MPJ Tours 
FlU.SA.lnc 

R e ad \\ asliifiirton VYatclido 

Jack A n d e rso n 

 in the Son Antonio Express 

WHOT* h a * 9 d a y s 

& 8 n i g h t s ? 

In Hawaii. W ith you r 

 choice o f two inland*. 

Vt H O T * will ny you 

 there via Pan Ain on a 

M o n d a y d e p a r tu r e 

 fr o m 
D a lla s , fo r 

? 3 1 9 .o o in c lu d in g 

 airfare and hotel ac­ 

 com m odations. 

T h at’s for nine days 

 a n d e ig h t n ig h ts, 

IX H O T a deal. A m i 

 what’s m ore, W H O T 

 o ffe r s m a n y o th e r 

 m oney-saving charter 

 p a c k a g e s to ju st 

 a b o u t e v e ry o th e r 

 corner o f o u r sphere. 

Windsor House of Travel 
826-9623 
5335 McCullough- in the Yard 

 around a tree. 
The muffler was choked with floating debris. 
The 
Adolfo wheezed in 
72-year-old distress. 
In this crisis, it began to rain: Great torrents of 
.smashing, tropical rain. 
The Capitan did not falter. He ordered the messboy to break out beer for everybody. Then he got his pal, a quiet, sentimental man, to bring out his harmonica. 
So we sat, shipwrecked in the jungle, while the harmonica played “ Si­ lent 
Night.” 
Then 
“ Home On The Range” and “ La Paloma.” And as an encore: “ Deep In 
The Heart Of Texas.” 
After awhile they worked the Adolfo free. 
And we floated down the river making extraordin­ ary bets on our poker hands. 
Sounds like a Tom 
Swiftian adventure story. 
But the Amazon trip — 
(every two weeks) — can be bought from all travel agents. You fly into Li­ ma, Peru from the States on Braniff. 
Local lines fly you to 
Iquitos, a fair-sized city 

Continued on next page 

J 
HAWAIIAN 
HOSPITALITY 77 

• 8 DAYS/7 MIGHTS 

A FEAST 
ONLY A MOTHER 

(and all her brood) 
COULD LOVE! 

The St. Anthony's Mother s Day feast has been a San Antonio tradition for years. We pull out all the stops to make this meal special for everyone in the fam ily... from the gra n d a d s all the way up. This year, give Mother a break. What a great way to say, 
“I love you.” 

Please call for reservations 

3oo E. Travis 
San Antonio, Texas 782o5 
(512)227-4392 

"just* like a B movie 

Continued from previous page 

 on the edge of the jungle. 
The trip is handled by 
Wrightways (based in 
Burbank) and you stop at several of their jungle camps on the way. 
These are screened and airy. You can get 

 iced drinks. The food is good. 
At stops along the way, you walk to 
Indian villages. 
Trade ball points for m inature blowguns. 
Bring plastic bags. 
Sweaty clothes don't dry in this hot, drippy cli- 
Great motorcycle values... 

 in Today’s 
Want Ads 

Express/News 

Classified Ads 
PHONE 
225-1666 

* 
2 
1 
9 
Including 
ROUNDTRIP AIRFARE, DELUXE HOTEL, 
TRANSFERS, BAGGAGE HANDLING, 
TIPS & TAXES. 
S afariw orld T ravel 
J voo v t-. t*M>p no. 
Sa n Antonio, Texa* 7S 2 o V 

FOR INFO RM ATIO N CALL (512) 828-5629 

PLEASE SENO ME MORE INFORMATION. 
% 

(EN) 
I 
Nam e-------------____-------------------------------- p 
Address----------------------------------------------------I 

C ity-------------------------------------------------- 
State 
Zip 
I 

H A W A II 

M a y 25th 
8 Days 
7 Nights 

$ 
4 
1 
^ 
o 
o 

• 7 nights accom m odations at M arin a 
Hotel 
• Roundtrtp airfare from San Antonio 
• Lei Greeting 
• Round Trip Transfers 
• B a g g a g e handling 
• G et together b re akfast an d briefing 
• City Sightseeing Tour 
• All Taxes. 

SHERATON WAIKIKI HOTEL AVAILABLE 
AT A SUPPLEMENT OF $131.oo PER PERSON 

AIR FARE only Available $327.oo from San Antonie 

Call or W rite for m ore inform ation 
512- 828-5629 

Safariw orld Travel 
9oo IS.E. Loop 41o, 
San Antonio, Texas 782o9 

 mate. Bag what you take off. Have your laundry done back in Lima. 
Tennis shoes: Best for jungle walking. You dry them down in the Adol­ fo's engine room. 
Sweat bands for head and wrists. The kind you buy in a tennis shop. 
Especially if you’re us­ ing a camera. 
A flashlight. Mosquito 

 repellent. Spray-on. Take the bottled rub-o11 kind, too. The spray-on is not as strong. 
Guides take you on jungle walks. There are snakes and fire ants — 
‘‘Don't touch anything.” 
The guide walks ahead, swinging a machete. 
We did some swim ­ ming in the river. Camp people said there are 

 piranha fish. These are the little maneaters that swim in thousands. De­ vour a grown man in minutes. 
‘‘But they like deep water and rocks,” said the guide. “ You can swim off the dock.” 
Back in Lima, the 
Maury makes the best 
Pisco sours in town. You may need it. 
European shopping 

Much of the pleasure of travel is found in shopping for the native crafts and works of art. large or small, that are distinctive products of each country of Eastern 
Europe 
The American Auto­ mobile Assn offers this list of notable native products to be found in the countries of Eastern 
Europe: 
Bulgaria — Woodcar­ 

 vings, pottery, carpets. 
“ Valley of the Roses” perfum e, leatherw are and coffee sets. 
Czechoslovakia 
— 
Glass and crystal, por­ celain dinnerware, toys, dolls and handicrafts. 
Hungary — Herend porcelain, silverware, handmade pottery, em­ broideries, costum ed dolls, figurines, folk art products and folk music records. 

E 
U 
R 
O 
P E 

CHARTERS 

 r n 
LOW COST 
SUMMER CHARTERS 

VO **o* tttfWCW*1 
V t w s 

VA 
*** 

UNO 

MAXE RESERVATIONS NOW! 
FOK INFORMATION ON AU CHARTFRS 
CALL (512) 828-81o1 
W orld T ik v el 

C e n t e r 53o8 BROADWAY 
SAN ANTONIO, TEXAS 782o9 828-81o1 

SAFARIWORLD TRAVEL PRESENTS 

HAWAII 
• 
1977 
7 Days,6 Nights From 4 6 4 .o o 
8 Days, 7 Nights From 481 .o o 
A irfare Hotel* a n d S ightseeing Included 
HAWAII—AIRFARE ONLY $ 3 2 7 . o o 

-ACAPLLCO- 
4 Days, 3 Nights— $1 79°° 
M ajor Holiday W eekends 
Includes A irfare H otel a n d T ransfers 

— CARIBBEAN CRUISE— 
For One W eek Visiting San Juan 
St. M aarten and St. Thomas 
*5oo°® includes Airfare From 
San 
Antonio, 
Transfers, 
S tate­ room, All Meals and O ther Cruises 
Amenities. 

Call or W rite for More Inform ation 
Safariworld Travel 
9811 NT. Ijx 11) UA, 
San Antonio. Texas 782o9 
(512) 8 2 8 -5 6 2 9 

Poland — Dolls in folk costum es, handwoven rugs, handicrafts, wood­ carvings. ceram ics, leather goods, silv er­ ware, jewelry and an­ tiques. 
Romania — Antiques, handwoven fabrics in­ cluding carpets and wall hangings, woodcarvings, embroideries, folk music and records. 
U.S.S.R, — Chess sets, books, records, fur hats, wooden dolls, jewelry, embroidered blouses and hats and crystal. 
Yugoslavia — Embroi­ deries, textiles, filigree jewelry, lace and em ­ broidered blouses and carvings. 

MOTORCOACH TO UR 
OF 
NEW ENGLAND 
FEATURING 
Che Beauty of Fall Foliage 
October 2-() 

COST FROM SAN AN IONIC) 

S 7 
3 
3 
o 
o 

INCLUDES: 
• ROUND TRIP COMMERCIAL 
JET Al HEARE TO HOSTON 
• 8 NIGHTS HOTEL 

• ALL MEALS 

ESCORTED FROM S I A A M TO M Q 
A M ) OFFERED HY 

$a h Antonio!* 
NTONIOIRAVCL,IN< 

8517 B l a n c o R d . a t W a s t A * # . 
Son Antonia. Texas 78218 
512/349-2421 

 fcxpress-News Went A3sT225-!666 

7o 

RENNERT WORLD TRAVEL, INC. s ta r MAI, roiunr un iv ersity rj* t?u 
WINDSOR OAR* MAU i/vi 6 DO 

H A W A II 
JULY 14-21, 1977 

* 6 N IG H T S AT SHERATON W A IK IK I 
* R O U N D TRIP FARE FRO M SA N A N T O N IO 
* PEARL H A SO R CRUISE 

* FLOW ER LEI GREETINGS 
* FULLY ESCORTED FRO M SA N A N T O N IO 
$499 OO 

 n 
PLEASE SEND ME ADDITIONAL INFORMATION 
§ 
O N JULY 14-2 I 
HAWAII TOUR j 
J NAME.......................................... J j ADWESS ....................... j 
I PHONE .......................................................................... I 

• city................ 
STATE 
Elf 

O P E N 365 D A Y S A Y E A R 
9:oo to 8:oo June I Labor Day 
9:oo to 6:oo September M ay 

W R IT E FO R F R E E B R O C H U R E ! 
Brackettville Texas 7ft32 S A E 

W H E R E M O V IE S A R E AAA D E IN TJEXA£ 

Old time jail & Bank 
C AN TIN A A BOOT H IL L 
Trading Post 
Indian Store 
Hor sa and Stagecoach Rides 
. 
Live entertainment In the Summer 

FXPRFSS-NfWS SUNDAY M AGAZINE— May 8, 1977 
PAGE 7 

Ilford9 s new H PS silent but worthy 

No one can call last month dull! 
Not with an April when Kodak intro­ duced two new emulsions for color, new processing and a new color printing paper. 

HIT WHAT NOW? 
During a lull in the battle. I was quietly sitting at the desk in the photo lab, contemplating the after­ noon confusion, when Mark Weinstein of Ilford dropped in and put a small black and white bomb under my nose. 
Ilford has for years been num ber two in film ti) 
Kodak. 
In these quiet years of Tri-X. Ilford has been in 
England, silently planning to snatch the reins of the black and white wagon from the Pan-X, Plus- 
X, Tri-X trilogy. Since 1972, they have been work­ ing on the super silver. 

WITH GREAT STRIDES, stumbles and leaps the great yellow father has focused the photogra­ phic comm unity’s eye oil color. They have made the films faster (look for my test and comparisons of Kodaeolor ll, Kodacolor 4oo and Fugicolor 4oo in an upcoming Photo Tips), and easier to process with Flexicolor and E-6. Color printing is now so easy that anyone with access to a darkroom can manage and have fun at the sam e time. 
But what about black and white? 
Except for newspaper and some magazine pho­ tographers the only people interested in black and white are about 2o million photographers who see this medium as the ultimate expression of their photographic vision. 

IN THIS DAY of the multi-national corporate giants 2o million photographers may not be of great importance — bul we have feelings too. 
Ilford is not involved with the color (other than their subsidiary product. C ibrachrom e). T heir main thrust is black and white. This allows them to play “ one up” on Kodak very effectively. 
E astm an ’s Kodak Tri-X has been for years the leading, fast, all purpose black and white film. 
Leading so powerfully that few thought to ask if it could be improved. 
This Maginot line of black and white film is essentially the same as it was IO years ago. Kodak has made some modifications in the emulsion but nothing that would concern the average photo­ grapher. It is a good product that has been left alone. All alone. 
Enter Ilford HP5. 
Weinstein, Ilford’s man in Houston, dropped four rolls on me. 
Now, four rolls of film is like having dinner with a show girl, just enough to m ake you restless but bot enough to make you leave your wife, kids and split the blankets. 

KODAK PRINT o f Barharann Wis- i)iw*ki m ade from popular Tri-X film shows less sharpness than available on HPS, at right. 

PAGE 8 
EXPRESS-NEWS SUNDAY MAGAZINE— May 8, 1977 

Photo Tips 
What’id he say? 

. . .or how to read silent speech 

Like a lot of other products these days, a movie doesn’t matter as much as its packaging. That may be because there is so little substantial difference among many of the films being re­ leased recently. It seems that half the films showing are some form of the basic occult, terror and/or monster story. 

And with lilms resem ­ b lin g each o th e r so much, it’s up to the ad vertising people to come up with slogans that will lure audiences in to see their particular film. As it turns out, some of the catch-lines for films are m o re effectiv e and in ­ v en tiv e than the film s themselves. 

Since there is so little d iffe re n c e am o n g the many current films, the catch-lines that you read in a d s are designed to make the movie sound as in te re stin g as possible w ith o u t really te llin g very much about it. 

WHITE 
RON 

Alive 

One of the best exam ­ ples is the ad for “ I t’s 
A live," featuring a pho­ to g rap h of a baby c a r ­ ria g e with an inhum an claw dangling over the side (but with no view of the actual occupant of the c a r r i a g e ) . 
Above the 

 tell you that “ If s Alive” is a horror, possibly even a m o n s te r, film . But v is* iv the ad doesn’t tell 

; . I 
' v . 
Wist J v in < a ii se once you bo > en! i • 
My what the movie s abo;, you’re likely to wish not only :»e 
Davis baby but ihe p“< pie who made the move were not alive. 
Dumb 
" I f s A liv e " is, in short, an utterly stupid movie, a cheapie, ill-con­ ceived and ill-executed movie that is attracting au d ien c e s, I su sp ec t, purely on the ambiguity of its advertising, which manages to suggest more frightening and interest­ ing possibilities than the movie delivers. 
(What “ I f s Alive" de­ livers, by the way, is a grossly implausible story about a baby that is born an extremely intelligent, strong and vicious mon­ ster who tears the deli­ vering doctors apart be­ fore toddling (?) through 

 little someone knows be­ fore ho sees a movie, take the following quiz. See if you can m atc h the slo­ vak from move ads in 
•>;. 
!., t few months with 
• : ‘.,i- they promoted. 
X • :i*:i*■ limit. No prizes. 
Quiz 
1. ‘ i : i fear is spread­ ing." lo) Black Sunday; th ) 
The 
C a s s a n d ra f l o s s i n g ; t ( ) 
T he 
Demon. 
2. “ In the tradition of 
‘W alking 
T a l l .’ 
One m a n ’s w ar a g ain st the s y s t e m . " 
(a ) 
The 
F a r m e r ; (b ) W alking 
T all, P a r t ll; (e) The 
Domino Principle. 
3. “ T ru st no one. No one.” ta) Marathon Man; 
(b) The Sentinel; (e) The 
Domino Principl e. 
4. “ The most exciting original motion picture event of all tim e.” (a) A 
S tar Is Born; (b) King 
Kong; (c) Voyage of the 
Damned. 
5. “ Never has a mov ie spread such fe a r." (a) 
The Cassandra Crossing; 
. 
# 
. , 
. t w i t l u v i u i i i i f t \ 
I m u l l e n 
~ p ic tu re is the om inous the c i,y s la u g h te rin g 
King Kong; <c) The catch line: “ There s only passers-by.) 
Demon Seed. one thing wrong with the 
D avis baby . . . I f s 
A Ii VU- ” 

E x a c tly w hat one is supposed to make of that s ta te m e n t is unknown. 
O bv iou sly , it im p lie s more than it says. There m ust be something else w ro n g with the D avis baby or its being alive would hardly lie someth­ ing to m ak e a m ovie alniut. 

A long with that claw sticking out of the baby carriage, it’s enough to 

The secret of this type of movie advertising is vagueness. An exception is the c a tc h -lin e for a film such as " A irp o rt 
7 7 ," which lays out the premise for the film with re m a r k a b le honesty. 
("Flight 23 has crashed in the Bermuda Triangle 
. . . passengers still alive, trapped underwater.’’) 
But such ex cep tio n s a re few. 
M ostly the c a tc h -lin e s a re in t e r ­ ch a n g e a b le from one m ovie to an o th er. To prove the point about how 

6. “ F ear for her.” (a) 
A udrey Rose; (b ) T he 
Demon Seed; (c) T he 
Demon. 7. "The day they took on the n>ul power.” 
(a) 
T he 
D om ino 
Principle; (b) Twilight’s 
Last Gleaming; (c) The 
Eagle Has Landed. 
8. "T hat wacky Clou- seau is bungling again.” 
(a) The Party; (b) Re­ turn of the Pink Panther; 
Ic) The P in k P a n th e r 
Strikes Again. 
ANSWERS 
I (b); 2 (a); 3(c); 4 (b); 
5 (a); 6 (b); 7 (b); 8 (a). 

ILI ORD PRINT shows greater tonal range. N otice the edge sharpness on the foliage below Barharam fs face. 
S ALIVE 
There s less to the m ovie than the advertise g promises. 

HPS IS DIFFERENT. 
I spent an afternoon shooting a beautiful girl beside Big John Hamilton’s swim ming pool. Using both Kodak and Ilford film at the sam e basic ex­ posure for my normal E.I. HIM). 
That evening I developed both rolls of film in the sam e tank al the sam e lime using Kodak D-76 one to one for . 12 minutes at 72 degrees. 
The Ilford negatives had more tone and almost no grain clumping. 
Ilford negatives at E l. HIM) looked like normally processed film. Highlights were easily printed without the least sign of blocking. The shadow detail was also good. A real surprise. 
Tri-X showed some blocking of highlights and a noticeable loss of shadow detail. Ju st what you would expect from forced processing. Generally this was a very printable negative but the signs of this 5o per cent increase in developm ent were obvious. 

GRAIN STRUCTURE of l>oth films was similar with Ilford only slightly less grainy . But edge sharpness and resolution of the HP5 was noticably superior. 
The differences between Tri-X and HP5 are about the sam e as Tri-X and HP4 (the old Ilford 
4ooASA film), Kodak had the advantage, now it belongs to Ilford. 
After shooting 25 rolls of HP5 I think I’ve disco­ vered their secret. HP5 is underrated. The realistic 
ASA should be SOO. When processed normally the film produces flat negatives. At HOO I get a normal contrast. In fact a normal negiative in all ways. 
While Illford considers HP5 a photojournalist’s film designed for pushing, I have not had great success pushing to 32oo or 64oo EJ. The base fog gets heavy and cuts contrast. 
Ilford feels this is desirable but I ’m riot im ­ pressed. I like my pushed negatives to be slightly contrasty. 

A BIT OF GOOD NEWS. 
This film is available today in San Antonio. I bought IIM) rolls from Photogenisis last Monday but they still have a reasonable supply. I ve checked with local Ilford dealers and most of them have, at least, a reasonable stock. 
Happy shooting. 

 f t cr in i) or 

I i i 
_ r y i 

L Jn 

 on. \i w; 

WED: 
CHICANO 
ARTS 
THEATER, 3’ 1 
F^o City 
Road. At 7:3o 
* i ■« bot contribution? rc.ctrl- d. 
T H U R : 
H U ) 
Cfi N ’T 
T /• K f- 
IT 
A U H 
Y O U , 
, tv 
U i’ ivc JI:,' 
A ttic 
. v. o 
/,>t»-b5i5. WW. * Harl- 

 f • e rn e 
S. 
K a u f m a n 
- ->medy about 
I 
. earlier t is c e n t u r y . 
I rn* . Sot. tnrouoh ,ViC, 
I • 
> ' r IS 

 with free ice cream. Each 
Sat. through May 7. At 2. 
$2-52,5o. 
M A Y 
8: 
T I N D E R 
TREACHERY, or WHERE 
T H E R E S 
S M O K E , 
TH E RE S M O N E Y, M elo­ dram a, T h eater, Hem is- 
Fair Plaza, 224-4464. Villian 
Oscar 
DeLavaca tries to freeze Son Antonians by 
It ipling the price of fuel and kidnaps Mayor 
Lela 
C r oc k y, e 11. 
F ri.-S a t. through Apr. 17. Fri. & Sat. at 8:15, Sun. at 6:15, Fri. 
53.5o. 
Sat. 
54, 
Sun. 
52, children, 52.5o, adults. 

K, i s 
C on : 
JU!. r t. 
H I 
I” ' tv< . c: '. 4.. i • r 
:v3. 
St r i: OC •. r ; ’ c i e 
I". 
I'COtO/ c-'i'a 
'I 
. ■ pantom im e c, 
J ria 
: < . 
Fri. Sun. through J. 
I ?..b p.m. 52. 
F R I: 
T H E 
H t A r < - 
GUARD OF KLAC <RC*e«. 
Meiodromo I neater, t- • n- i .Fair 
Flora, 
224-J . t. 
To ngue-in-cheek rec 'n- ctrama of blo ck rn oil, moi d- - cmd • ovengr 
I ;. 
Swh. 1 " o: on Jun*.. I i , t. 
Sat ct I 
I • ; rn. and t So nm on Sun. i-i i. S3 5o, 5 C1 st Sun. S3 adults, 52 cr,.! ciren. 
Reservations i ecnmmended. 
FRI 
IRMA LA DOUCE, 
San 
Antonio 
Fine 
A rts 
Ceiler, 3145 Nacogdoches, 
653-7241. 
M usical about 
French streetwalker. 
Fri. 
& Sat. through June 4. 8:15 p.m. 53-53.5o. 
FRI: 
THE 
WORLD OF 
S H A K E S P E A R E , 
T ra v is 
P ark. 
Scenes from the 
Bard presented by TEACH and Parks and Recreation 
Dept. Noon. Free. 

Cl ORENT THEA TER 

MAY 8, 1o-15: PRIVATE 
LIVES, 
Church 
Theater, 
115o S. Alamo, 224-4o85. A once m arried couple reun­ ites at a hotel during a honeymoon w ith new m ates. 
Show tim e 
8:15 weekdays. 
Sun. 
3 p.m .; 
Tue.-Thurs. 57.95. Fri. and 
Sat. 58.95, Sun. 54. 
Thru 
May 28. 
MAY 14: KING OF THE 
ICE CREAM MOUNTAI N, 
San 
Antonio 
Fine 
A rts 
Center, 3145 Nacogdoches, 
653-7241. 
Children's - show 

 r 

■it 
-■j 

SUN: 
SAN 
A N T O N IO 
SYM PHO NY W O O DW IND 
OU I NT £ T, fe s t P rt'-ry ler- 
> Cr--,. •: n, 4( K ztn :> ,, rt. 
I , agrom: Kiughardt, Lucy, 
Carter and Svelink. 3 p m tree 
M O N : 
SAN A N T O N IO 
SYM PHO NY, M ahler Sym­ phony No. 3 with Maureen 
I or luster contralto, F ra n ­ cos H j ere-:hts conducting r a tit 
,-ir ahony Master- 
. ye ■ s. Leu1 u. Auditorium, 
T rin ity Uni v e rs ify , 7:3o u rn 53-16.5o. For informa- pon. 273-5591. 
TUES: STE P H E N M A R ­ 
IN A R O , p ian is t, T rin ity 
U n iv ersity Concert H olt, 
736-84o6. W eber's " In v ita ­ tion to the Dance," Op . 65; 
Mozart's Sonata in B. Flat 
M a jo r, K . 57o; C h o p in ’s 
B a rc a ro lle , 
Op. 
6o ; 
Schumann’s 
* Davisbund- ler," Op. 6. At 8. Free. 
W E D : 
D A V I D 
K I N G , piano recital, P ales trin a 
Hall, Incarnate Word Col­ lege, 828-1261, ext. 291. 8 p.m. Free. 
FRI & N E X T SUN: SAN 
ANTONIO CHORAL SOCIE­ 
TY, McNay Art Institute, 
734-731 1, 
826-1 147. 
All 
Brahms program: Lieges- lieder Walzer, Neue Leibes- lieder Walzer, Four Songs for Women’s Chorus, Two 
Horns and Harp, and "Nan- ie." Fri. at 8 p.m. Next Sun. at 4 p.m. Free. 
FRI: STYX, ANGELS and 
PIPER, 
Municipal 
Aud., 
732-11o1 or 732-81o9. 7:3o p.m. $6.25-56.75. Tickets at 
Jo ske’s, Below the B elt, 
Record Land and Record 
Hole. 
F R I: 
B A LC O N E S 
FAULT, 
Plaza Nuevo, La 

M O N : 
T E P O S T L A N , 
Witte Musuem, 38o1 Broad­ way. 9 a.m. Free. 
TU E S : SAN A N T O N I O 
UNDER SIX FLAGS: T E X ­ 
AS - T H E L O N E STAR 
STATE : T A L K I N G W I T H 
DOLPHINS: 
ANC IEN T 
E G Y P T I A N S : A M A Z I N G 
NEW Z E AL AN D, Main L i­ b ra ry , 2o3 S. St. M a r y ’s, 
Aud. 223-6851. 12:15 & 7 p.m. 
Free. 
W E D : 
I N V A S I O N 
OF 
THE BODY SNATCHERS, 
T rin ity U n iv eristy , C hap­ man Center, Don Siegel dir. 
7:3o p.rn SI members San 
Antonio Film Society, $1.5o nonmembers. 
W E D : 
T H E 
R O C K Y 
HORROR PICTURE SHOW, 
River City Film Series, San 
Antonio Country, 1122 N. St. 
Mary's, 222-8273. 7:45, 9:4S 
& 11:45 p.m. $1.5o. m* ^=mS=BB*BBSSS 

S U N -SA T: 
N A T IO N A L 
H IS T O R IC 
P R E S E R V A ­ 
TION W EEK, For inform a­ tion, call the San Antonio 
Conservation 
Society, 
224-6163. 
T U E S : JE W IS H COM 
M U N ITY 
C ENTER, 
1o3 
W. 
R a m p a rt, 
344-3453. 
B eginning of w a te rc o lo r classes by C linton B aer- mann. Six weeks. $4o. 

HERB FARM 
HERBS 

For the past 3 years we have been providing this part of Texas with the finest live herbs, herb trees, cooking herbs and spices, and books and in­ formation on herbs. W e would like to thank all of you who have en­ couraged and supported our dream, lf you haven't been to the farm yet we would like to invite you now. 

On M ay 14 at 1 o .o o a.m. there will be a class on "O riental Herbal 
Medicine" and on M ay 28 at 1 o .o o a.m. a class on "How To Make Herbs a Part of Your Life." A fee of $ 1 .o o per person will be charged. 
Barbara & Rocco Avery 

OPEN 

1o-5 

CLOSED 
MONDAYS 

SA N ANTONIO 

V illita . 8:3o p.m . 53.5o. 
Tickets at Record Hole, below the 
Belt, and at door. 
SAT & MAY 16: SAN AN­ 
TONI O S Y M P H O N Y with 
Byron Jam s, piano. Sat., 
Theater for the Performing 
A rts, 223-5591, 8:3o p.m . 
May 16 Laurie Auditorium, 
Trinity University, 7:3o p.m. 
53-56.5o. 

AFRICAN ART ROOTS: The first major U. S. exhibition of sculptures and paintings by African artist Francis X. Nnaggenda opens today at the UT 
Health Science Center. 
A Bantu born in Bukumi, Uganda, Nnaggenda combines traditional African forms and colors with more modern painting techniques to product* a blend of ancient African roots and modern techno- logy. 
Ills wooden and metal sculpture is Olton painted with strong red against blue, studded with copper and steel nails. His paintings range from tiny works to eight-by-five foot canvases using flour or coffee for textural effects. 

C heek out (ta ilo rs fo r details. 

CHECKING ORIENTAL ART: Peter Malone, head of the Oriental department of the auction house of 

Sothebv Parke Benld, will be in San Antonio Fri­ day to lec ture and to offer verbal appraisals of 
Oriental objects brought to the Witte Museum. 

Malone has agreed to help organize an exhibition for the Witte of objects borrowed from local owners. 
For a fen* of $5 Malone* w ill give* verbal appraisals of art objects. The fee also includes admission to his lecture. 

Look to E lf fo r m o n * in fo . 

DANCE: 
Dance has been scarce* in San Antonio recently, bul it returns Saturday with a perfor- mance by Daniel Lianes at the* Carver Cultural 
Center. 
A musician as well as a dancer, Planes has studied dance in New York, and will be* having a two-day workshop residency at the* Carver. He* has pe*rformed in Austin frequently. 

(.hock D a m e fo r d e tails. 

SAT: 
S P O N T A N E O U S 
COMBUSTION — WORKS 
T H R U D A N I E L , C a rv e r 
C u ltu ral C en ter, 226 N. 
Hackberry, 224-5532. Works for piano, voice and body created by dancer Daniel 
Lianes. 8 p.m. Free. 

FRI: WITTE M E MO RI A L 
MUSEUM, 38o1 Broadway, 
826-o647. Lecture & apprai­ sals by Peter Malone, Head of Sothebv P ark e B ernet 
Oriental Departm ent, Los 
Angeles, on O riental A rt. 
Appraisals at 5 p.m., SS per object which includes free admission to the 7 p.m. lec­ ture, 52 m em bers of S.A. 
Museum 
Association, 
S3 public. M r. M alon e has agreed to help organize an exhibition of Oriental works drawn from the local area to open at the Witte. Call tor 

 information. 
SAT: W I ND CR ES T ART 
FESTIVAL E N TR Y D E A D ­ 
L I N E , O rig in a l a rtw o rk , orts & crafts. Resurrection 
Church 59o9 W alzem . 515 each space. For information call 655-5484 mornings. 
SAN 
A N T O N I O 
F I N E 
ARTS 
C E N T E R , 
3145 
Nacogdoches at B itte rs , 
653-7241. Classes in dance, weaving, public speaking. 
S O U T H W E S T 
C R A F T 
C E N T E R , 
3oo A u g u s ta ,’ 
See Arts, Page IU 

COME TO 
EL CHICO RESTAURANT... 
& f o r i 
MOTHER’S DAV 
% 
©© 
© 
© rn rn 
© 
© 
© 
© 
© 
© 
© 
© 
© 
© 
© 
©© 
©© 
© 
© 
© 
© 
©© 
© 
© 
© 
©© 
© 
© 
© 
© 
© 
©© 
© 

WITH A MEXICAN FLAVOR. 

OUR TRADITIONAL 
MOTHER’S DAY MENU 
$3.5o 
• Tossed Green Salad with Mexican salad dressing 
ENTREE (Choiceof 1) 
• 2 Chicken Enchiladas, served in tangy sour cream and topped with Monterrey Cheese & 
Jalapeno Peppers 
• Beef Guisado with Calabasa (Sauteed Beet 
Strips with Zucchini Squash) 
• Golden brown Fried Chicken with Country Gravy 
• Breaded Cutlet with Country Gravy 
VEGETABLES (Choice of 2) 
• Cut Green Beans 
• Fried Rice 
• Mashed Potatoes 
• Fried Beans 
DESSERT (Choice of 1) 
• 1 Sopapilla with Honey 
• Ice Cream 
• Sherbet 
BEVERAGE (Coffee or Ice Tea) 

FOR THE LITTLE CHICOS 
$1.5o 
Children s Portions with Beverage & Dessert 

All 
Locations 

Mexican food as genuine as our family pride. 

 a c k u 
» 

.Sing! 
4 
(IMI 

 e s I n t r o d u c t i o n s . I n e 
. 

SINGLES INFORMATION CLEARING HOUSE 

Hours: Mon.-Thur: 3-7 pm., Sot.: 9am -2pm . 

J 
5 7 o 1 
.lr* 

San Antonio 
Symphony 
Update ... 

May 9t 
MAUREEN FORRESTER 
Contralto 
FRANCOIS HUYBRECHTS 
Conducting 
Mahler Symphony No. 3 with 
SYM P H O N Y MASTERSINGERS tM on. 7:3o pm Laurie Auditorium 

May 14*/16t 
BYRON JANIS 
Piano 
JOHN MAUCERI 
Conducting 
’ Sat. 8:3o pm Theater for the 
Performing Arts tM on. 7:3o pm Laurie Auditorium 

May 2o*/22t 
OPERA PREVIEWS 
Prior to both performances of 
NORMA 
*Fri. 7:oo pm +Sun. 2:oo pm 
Lower Level Theater for the 
Performing Arts Admission $1,oo 

■"■■■"NOTE:' 
Both performances 

N O R M / N p 
O 
U 
T 

[LY SILLS 

Tickets 
Subscription Series $3 to $6.5o 
Also available at Record Hole 

Symphony Box Office 
223-5591 

EXPRESS-NEWS SUNDAY M AGAZINE—May 8, 1977 
PAGE 9 

.v*>*-u 

Arts Calendar 

F r o m P a g e 9 
224-1847. 
R egistration for sum m er classes: ceram ics, fib re , m etal w ood a r t/d e ­ sign, and graphic com m un­ ication. Also children's pro­ gram thru July 22. “ P rin tin g 
W orkshop," ..May 14 Sat. 

MAY 17: THE C A PT AIN 

ANO T E N N IL L E , C onven­ tion Center A rena, 828-6351. 
8 p m. $7.5o & $5.5o plus service charge. Tickets at 
Arena box o ffic e . Jam & 
Jelly 
General 
Store and 
Joske’s. 
M A Y 
21: 
B A D 
C O M ­ 
PAN Y, C onvention C enter 
Arena, 828-6351. 8 p m. $6 & 
$7 p lu s s e r v ic e c h a rg e . 
Tickets at A rena box office and Jam & Jelly General 
Store. 

Hurtle Creek 
Presents 

The 5th 
D im ension 

 in die Celebrity Stage Ballroom 
W ed.-Sat. May 18, 19, 2o & 21 
Two Shows Nightly 
7:3o & 1o:oo p.m. 
$1o.oo Per Person. 
Call 696-56oo 
For Reservations 
Ikirtle Creek 
Country Club 

1-1o to Wurzbach to 383o Parkdale 

O PENING 

SUN: 
TENTH AN N U AL 
CRAFTS E X H IB IT IO N . H ill 
C ountry A rts Foundation, 
In g ra m , 512-367-5121. J u ­ ried cra ft show. Through 
M ay 22. Free but donation suggested. 
S U N : 
U T 
H E A L T H 
SCIENCE 
C ENTER, 
77o3 
Floyd Curl, 696 6327. F irst m a jo r exhibit of sculptures and paintings bv A frican a rtis t, F ra n cis X. Nnag- genda. Opening reception 
Sun. 
2-5 p .m . 
Sun. 
Continues through June 4 
M o n.-F ri. 
8 a.rn.-5 p.m ., 
Sat. 8 a.rn.-noon, Sun. 1-5 p.m. Free. 
SUN: W ITTE M U SEUM , 
38o1 
B roa dw ay, 826-o647. 
“ A rt of the Circus,*' w orks by W alt Kuhn, Ben Shahn, 
Sam uel 
A . 
R obb, 
John 
Steuart C urry and others. 
D aily through 
June 
12. 

M ON: ALAM O N ATIO N ­ 
A L B A N K , 154 E, Com m erce. “ A rtists Behind the 
Lens," color and m onoch­ rom e photography by John 
D ilim an, Jack 
R idgew ay, 
Joe 
La w rie, and others. 
Through M ay. Mon Thor. 9 a.m.-3 p.m ., F ri. 9 a.rn.-5 p.m. Free. 
W ED: IN T E R N A T IO N A L 
HUNTERS ANO F IS H E R ­ 
M E N ’ S 
C O N F E R E N C E 
ART E X H IB IT , Convention 
Center. W ildlife paintings and bronzes. One day only 
2-9 p.m. $2. 
T H U R : 
O D Y S S E Y 
G A L L E R IE S . 
2222 
Breezewood. 828-o167. W a­ tercolors and hand loomed weavings by Evelyne Bo­ ren and paintings by Ann 
M exic. 
Opening reception 
Thor. 7:3o-9:3o p m . Con- 

 r \ . * 
,****5 
J* 
* 
.... O s j r 
'/mv* 
5 
J 
J**** 

Our cook has 

( I 
U tv* J**. 
I • 
■ 
_ 
* xgxx* something special for your cook/% 

 tinuing through m onth. 

I ^ ^ k t * I&nH^Sin* Aft* 
TONIO 
ART 
IN S T IT U T E 
S P R IN G 
A R T 
F A IR , 
McNav A rt Institute. 6oo N. 
New 
B rau nfels. 
824-o531. 
P aintings, d ra w in g s, s ilk ­ screens, lithographs, sculp­ tures and ceram ics. R affle of art works and a rt class tuition. C hildren's painting. 
One day only 1-5 p.m . Free. 
N E X T 
SUN: 
C O P P IN I 
A C A D E M Y 
O F 
F IN E 
AR TS , 
115 
M e lro s e , 
824-85o2. 
A n n u a l 
S p rin g 
G arden A rt Show; p a in t­ ings and sculpture bv m ore than IOO m em bers. One day only. 1-6 p.m. Free. 

CURRENT EXHIBITS 

ART & FR AM E M AR T 
No. I, 83o2 Broadw ay. Lona 
B e ll 
& 
T ra v is 
K eese . 
Mon. Sat. 1o-6. 
ART & FR AM E M AR T 
No. 2, 67o N orth Star M all. 
Otis bv Hazel Massey. Joe 
Peacock, jo se Vives-Atsa- ra and 
A lberto 
Meza.. 
Mon.-Sat. 1o-6. 
AR TIQ U E 
G A L L E R Y . 
3717 
C o lo n y , 
IH 
IO 
& 
W urzbach at Colonies M all. 
A re a a r tis ts : 
Rose 
R i­ ch a rd s, 
R ob e rt G a rd e n , 
A rd y th e H a e cke r, m a ny o th e rs ; a ls o 
W in d b e rg prints & custom fra m ing. 
M on.-Fri. 1o-5, Sat. 1o-3. 
ARTISAN’S A L L E Y , 555 
B itters Road. M arketplace of more than 2o shops w ith professional artists a n d /o r c ra fts m e n in re sid e n ce . 
Tues.-Sat. 1o-5:3o, Sun. I S. 
BRIGHT 
SHAWL, 
819 
Augusta. M arion G. Irv in g ' de 
C ru z : w e a v in g s 
4 tapestry thru M ay 31. IO a.rn.-2 p.m ., M on.-Fri. 
C L U T T E R W O O D G A L ­ 
LE R Y , 53o9 M cC ullough. 
Paintings, draw ings, photo­ graphs & lim ited edition g ra p h ic s by 
C h ris tin e 
A m erger, Nellie Buei, Ri­ c h a rd 
F ie id e n . 
D a n n y 
G e is le r, 
D m itr i 
P e tro v , 
Jean Sariano, Sue Shields an d 
G e o rg e 
S tu m b e rg . 
Mon.-Sat. 1o-6, Sun. 1-5. 
COPPINI AC AD EM Y OF 
FIN E ARTS, lls M elrose 
Place, 824-85o2. Paintings b y 
H a ro ld 
A .. 
R o n e y, 
R am on 
F ro m a n , 
Bud 
Biggs, Lonnie Mason and 
W illia m 
H e a ry 
E a rle , w ell-kn o w n in s tr u c to r /a r- tists. 
M ay 
1-11. 
Selected paintings and sculpture by forty artist, M ay IS-June 5. 
Wed., Sat. & Sun. 
CORNER G A LLE R Y , On the Sauare 
(H w y. 
281), 
Bianco. H ill C o u n try a r ­ tists. D aily 1o-6, Sun. 2-5. 
G A LLE R IA 3o7 HOUSE 
OF ARTS, 3o7 H em isF air 
Plaza Way. A driel, A rd yth , 
G ilb e rt, G ira rd , 
H a a ke , 
H aese, 
K e e n a n , 
“ Lo s 
S cotts,** 
M is c h e r, 
P o r te r fie ld , 
R o b e rts , 
Thomspon. Mon.-Sat. 12-5. 
Call 227-o527. 
C LA S S E R S 
ART 
G A L­ 
LE R Y , 2121 N. M ain Ave. 
T h ru M ay, scu lp tu re by 
T h om a s H o lla n d , 
S h e r- m a ie e , 
M a c k , 
C h a rle s 
Learned, M a ry 
A lb re ch t, 
M orion Young, Ruth Litw in and James Edw ard. P aint­ ings by Clay M cG aughy, 
R o b e rt 
H a rr is o n , 
B ill 
Zoner, E.A. Hecbes, L a rry 
Anschutz, 
Betsy 
H anzel. 
G ilbert D uran, W im , L. Van 
D iik, W arren 
W oodward, 
Brian Donlan, Jean M a rtin , 

STEAK & KING CRAB 

Mother deserves the best. So bring her to the Siz­ zler for a juicy steak and tender, tasty Alaskan King 
Crab, re^dy for hot, buttery dipping. With baked potato or french fries and Sizzler toast included. 
S r 

OPEN l l TO IO 

’•4 , 
V, ^ l f y 

C Writ* fmnfy {trill HM ies 197) 

THE HOME OF 
STEAK LOVERS 

*3.99 

• 462o Broadway 
• 14o2 S.W. Military Or. 
• Broadway at loop 41o 
• H w y . 9 o a t M ilitary Dr. 
• V ance Jackson a t loop 4 1 o 

• In Austin: Riverside an d Congress 

" O ' 

PAGE IO fXPKfSS-NEWS SUNDAY WAGAZ1NE— May 8,1977 

E n ric o Faugno, fcd W ill- man and -many European a r tis ts . 
W ild life - p h o % - graphy by P erry Shankle, 
Jr. 21 
Sat. only: 
Vignett d e m o n s tra tio n by 
Iv a n 
McDougal. 
M on.-F ri., 9-6, 
Sat 9 2. 
GRAPHICS 
G A L L E R Y , 
4o3 E. Comm erce. P rints, fine a rt reproductions, a rt poster?. Custom m atting & fram ing. 11-7 M on.-Thurs., 
11-9 F ri. & Sat., noon-6 Sun. 
HELOTES ART G U ILD , 
13218 Bandera Road. M any m e d ia , m o re th a n 
IOO o rig in a ls . Open m e m b e r­ ship. P aint outs, weekly a rt c la s s e s , a r ts 
& c r a fts w o rk s h o p s , m e m b e rs a v a ila b le fo r d e m o n s tra ­ tion s. 
M o n th ly p ro g ra m meeting open to public, 1st 
Tues., 7:3o p.m . O utdoor- show/sale, 1st Sun. M ay I 
Helotes Festival A rt Show. 
Tues.-Sun. 1-5. 
IN STITUTE OF T E X A N 
C U L T U R E S , 
H e m is F a ir 
Plaza Way 
"Special Sun­ day: Fiesta F ilip in o " M ay 
22, 3-5 p.m. Honors F ilipin o 
Texans 
& coincides w ith annual spring celebration in the 
P n ilip p in e s . 
Traditional m usic, dances 
8. Filipino foods. Tues.-Sun. 
9-5. 
MCCRELESS L IB R A R Y , 
1o23 Ada Street. 532-4254. 
Highlands High School a rt students exhibit. M o n.-F ri. 
9-9, Sat. 9-6. 
MUD, On the R iver, 312 
N. Presa. Gene E lder, Le- titia Eldredge, T racy D ot­ son, Steve H um phrey, W il­ le m 
K a a rs -S iio e s te iin , 
R o b e rt T ie m a n n , 
L a r r y 
G ra e b e r, 
Ray 
C h a v e s , 
Lesta 
Frank. 
11:3o-5. 
Mon. Sat. 
O AKW ELL BRANCH L I­ 
BRARY, 4134 H a rry W urz­ bach Road. A crylics, col­ lage, and w a te rco lo r by 
Nessve Sharlack. M on.-F ri. 
9-9, Sat. 9-6. 
OLD SAN ANTONIO E X ­ 
H IB IT , B olivar Hail. A folk and historic museum in La 
V illita , 227-9o42. Tues.-Sun. 
1o-5, free. 
PLAZA ART LE A G U E . 
Sat. 7 League a rt show, 
T errell Plaza, 12oo Austin 
Hwy., 1o-5. Sat. 14 e xh ib it at P e rrin Plaza including w orks by 
Stella 
Rogers, 
11411 P errin-Beitei. 1o-5. 
P R IT C H A R D 
N O R T H 
STAR 
G A L L E R Y , 
224 
N orth S tar M a ll. W a te r­ colors bv W arren H unter & 
Ronnie W ells; A c ry lic by 
G e ra ld in e 
N u n n s ; 
Flem ish-style oils bv E.A. 
Herbes. D aily 1o-6, Thurs. 
1o-9, closed Sun. 
R IV E R 
A R T G R O U P , 
W onderland Shopping C ity, 
A rts 6. C rafts Show thru 
M ay 7. 
SAN 
A N T O N IO 
A R T 
IN S T IT U T E , 6ooo N. New 
B r a u n fe ls .'Sun M a y 15, 
Spring B azaar, E shib itio n 
& 
S ale. 
T h ru 
M a y 
27, 
S tu d e n t 
J u rie d 
S how . 
M on-F ri 
8:3o-4:3o, 
Sat 
9-noon. 
SAN 
A N T O N IO 
M A IN 
LIB R A R Y , 2o3 St. M a ry's. 
Hazel M assey's oil p a in t­ ings of landscapes, th ru 
May. M on.-Fri. 9-9, Sat. 9-6, 
Sun. 1-5. 
SAN 
A N T O N IO 
M U ­ 
SEUM OF M ODERN ART, 
531 W. Woodlawn. M ay 6 thru M ay 29. Russ W arren. 
Fri.-Sun. 1o-5. 
S IG O LO FF 
G A L L E R Y , 
St. Anthony Hotel. Robert 

The $29.5o 
Lakeway Escape" i t 

Special low rate of $29.5o per person per day, double occupancy, includes: 
• Accommodations overlooking 
Lake Travis 
• Breakfast (Choice of Menu) 
• Lunch (Choice of Menu) 
• Welcoming Cocktail 
• Unlimited Tennis 
• Unlimited Golf 
• Horseback Riding 
• Boating—water skiing, sailing and fishing boats 
Children under 16 half price if occupying same room with parents. 
Minimum two-day stay. Tax and gratuity not included 

Coil Toll Free 1-8oo-252-9222 

 liY!Y&Resort 

 lOlLakeway Drive*Austin, Texas 78734 

Wood, Don W arren, P o rfir ja Splinas. Jose VLves-At- sdra, 
M a rb le r 
Tsrt&aoh® 
R o lla 
T a y lo r, 
S hare U e , 
D alha rt W indberg, F lo rent 
Baecke, Fried Pal, M a rcel 
Dvf, Edouard Cortez, Ruth 
Anderson, D onald 
Yena, 
Jim 
Deutsch. 
Mon. Sat. 
11-5. 
SOL DE RIO, 1o2 Tow n­ send. Alfred Lee, a crylics 
& w a te rco lo r; 
Za charia h 
Rieke, paintings & shaped ca n va se s; 
A la n D em o s, sculpture. Cocktail preview 
Sun. M ay I, 5-8 p m 
S O U TH W E S T 
C R A F T 
CNETER G A L L E R Y , 42o 
Paseo de ia V illita . Chldren of the E a rth : Tina Johnson jew elry, Lawrence K astor raku thru 
M ay 
9. 
D aily 
1o-5. 
SOUTHWINO ART G A L ­ 
L E R Y , 4112 M cC ullough, 
828-4557. Continuous show ­ ing of oils & w atercolors by established artists from all over the world. W in d b e r lim ite d e d itio n s . 
R o b e rt 
Wood silk screens, other g ra p h ic o r t. 
T u e s .- F r i. 
9:3o-5:45, Sat. 1o-5. 
TEJAS G A LLE R Y , 1o2o5 
Oasis. 
Suite 311. 
Seventh a n n iv e rs a ry show w ith landscapes and florals bv 
Ann 
C a rlv o n . 
M o n .-F ri. 
1o-5, 
Sat. by applotm ent, call 344-8o15. 
TR IN IT Y 
U N IV E R S IT Y , 
“ Nadar 182o-191o," Coates 
Lobby, 715 Stadium D rive. 
May I 2o. 

M C N A Y 
A R T 
IN S T I­ 
TUTE, 6ooo N. New B ra u n ­ fels, 824-5368. "O kinaw a E x ­ h ib itio n ": 
Traditional a rt includ ing p o tte ry, te xtile s, ba sketry 8, ceram ics, fSav 

1-29 FriendSjOf M cN av Tour 
England — a $ ite" week visit entre? The a iA o ic e s of the 
Buildings of England Group, 
May 15-33. "A n to n i Tapies 
E xhibition — T h irty -T h re e 
Years of His W o rk ": Love, viofence and death are p re d o m in a n t th e m e s e x ­ pressed m etaphysically and s u r r e a lis tic a lly bv th e 
Spanish artist. M ay 29 July 
31. 
Tues. Sat. 
9 5, closed 
Mon. 

SAN ANTONIO M U SEUM 
OF 
TRANSPORTATION, 
H em isFair 
Plaza 
Way, 
226-12o1. 
“ M otor 
Cyclor- ama " A varie ty of m o tor­ cycles and presentations on safety & law th ru M ay 31. 
P erm anen t e x h ib it of v a r ­ ious modes of tra n s p o rta ­ tio n : antique cla ssic .cars, h o rse d ra w n c a r r ia g e s ! s tre e tc a rs , W o rld W a r I 
“ J e n n y '' a ir p la n e , o n ly a u th e n tic s ta g e c o a c h in 
Texas. Daily 1o-6, volun tary c o n trib u tio n s s u g g e s te d : adults 5o cents, children 25 cents. 
• 
, 
W ITTE M E M O R IA L M U ­ 
S E U M , 33o1 
B ro a d w a y , 
826-o647. “ A m e ric a n A b ­ s tra c t E x p re s s io n is m E x ­ h ib it, " M ay 1 -A u g u s f 31. 
“ A rt of the C ircu s, " M ay 
1-June 12. Cam pbell Collec­ tion exhibit of soup tureens an d O rie n ta l p o rc e la in closes M ay 15. A rg e n tin e 
Silver exhibit opens M ay 
22-June 19 Tour reservation deadlines: M ay 25, “ Sacred 
C irc le s — 2oo Y e a rs of 
A m erican Indian A rt," K an­ sas C ity and T ru m a n L i­ b ra ry, Independence; M ay 
31, W in te rth u r M usuem 8. 
B ra n d yw in e V a lle y . Dean 
B ro w n 's n a tu re p h o to ­ graphy re tro s p e c tiv e th ru 
M ay 31. Weekdays 9-5, week­ ends 
1o-6, volun tary con­ tributions suggested: adults 
5o cen ts, c h ild re n u n d e r twelve 25 cents. 

SWEETEN MOM S DAY at BIG JOHN’S 
STEAKHOUSE 
& SALOON 
We'll give her a carnation and a surprise dessert! 
You can give her a filet dinner for $4.44 or a shrimp dinner for $3.99 

3239 Harry W urzbach Rd. 
San Antonio. Texas 782o5 
Tel: (512) 824-1444 regular menu available 

AND 
INTRODUCING 

STALLION vJ kl - 

SA N ANTONIO MUNICIPAL 
AUDITORIUM 

'• San Antonio, R E C O R D HOI fc. 

RL COR DL AND, BE LOW the B E L T JOSHES 

Son Marcos: D IS C O V E R Y REC ORDS 

Austin: IN N E R S A N C T U M 

Young poets get start 

By JOHN IGO 

Without the tedious and disheartening pro­ cess of magazine publi­ cation gathered into book form, it is difficult for poets to be published. 
Growth is either stifled or slowed. 
But two young poets have managed publica­ tion without years of waiting. They are Naomi 
Shihab with her T A T ­ 
TOOED F E E T (Texas 
Portfolio Series) and 

John Bartlett Haradon s privately printed book 
THE WOMAN IN GREY. 
Both poets have had audiences — Shihab with her poet-in-residence job for the state Arts Com­ mission, and Haradon with various editing jobs of several local cam ­ 

 puses. 
And both books ex­ plode the folklore that beginning publication is either cutesy or sloppy. 
Both of these poets are assured; they know pre­ cisely what they want to get down and have the skills and disciplines to accomplish it. 
No fads 
They avoid the current fads glutting the market 
— the Open, the Naked, the Confessional — and go straight to the inner 
Com plex novel 

By KENNETH W. 
STAGGS 
T H E 
Y E M E N IT E 
G IR L (Bobbs-M errill; 
$8.95) is a complex and engaging first novel by 
Curt Leviant, author of a number of short stories. 
Perhaps first and last novel would be more ac­ curate: The novel is a distillation of a life’s experience in academia 

 and art. 
The plot has a surface simplicity belying the depth of symbiotic rela­ tionships between artist, critic, art, fact and life it explores. The central character, Ezra Shultish, is a middle-aged teacher, short story writer, and critic on sabba“ tical in Israel. 
There he hopes to get a 
Answ ers ore evaded 

By DUDLEY LEHEW 
W’hy would someone now write a book on how survivors of 
British troops who tried unsuc­ cessfully to capture a 
Dutch bridge succeeded in staying alive in occu­ pied country, particularly when that book doesn’t really add anything to what already is known? 
That answer can’t be found in 
T H E 
E V A D E R S . 
By 
Leo 
Heaps. (Morrow; $8.95.) a book that, at best, is a supplement for everyth­ ing on W'orld War IL 
Parts of it are inter­ esting. But parts of it are also dull. It’s a shame, because the real trials of some of the brave men in their survival could have made a war that is now only history to some of today’s readers take on new meaning. 
And, perhaps, it could also help those readers understand why some middle-aged people be­ come quite emotional when the early 194os are recalled. 

If the author had been able to probe more deeply the survival in­ stincts and drive of some of the men who shrewdly and determinedly managed to stay hidden from the Nazis, he would have done dual service 
— paid tribute to the soldiers and provided inspiration for the readers. 
But “ The Evaders” is a little shallow in its production. 

 recording by his friend 
Yehiel Bar-Nun, Nobel prize winner of “ The 
Yemenite Girl,” a love story he is obsessed by. 
Frustrated 
Continually frustrated in his attempts by the wily Bar-Nun, he finds himself drawn into the petty jealousies of liter­ ary society where he en­ counters a modern dou­ ble of the Yemenite girl and subsequently discovers the original in­ spiration for the short story. 
Ill, absent from his wife, enamoured of the 
Yemenite girl, Shultish gets his recording only to misplace it. When Bar- 
Nun dies shortly after, he finds that he has been unflattering^ im­ mortalized in a post­ humous Bar-Nun short story. 
Like a destroyer, Le­ viant pursues the sub­ merged character of 
Shultish until the muffled and unseen explosions, have done their work and the debris comes floating to the surface. 

H I M A L A BHH T I 
M A Y 13, 14, 2o, 21, 27, 28 
J U N E 3 R D & 4TH 
TICKETS $ 3 -$ 3 .5 o 
653-7241 
San Antonio Fine Arts Center, Inc. 
3 1 4 5 N a c o g d o c h e s a t Bitters in M a c A rth u r P la z a S h o p p in g Cen ter 

DT 
NOW 

For extra cash, sell that stroller. . . now! 

Call 225-1666 

You can be another jump ahead of the world in 1977! 
Park now open Saturdays and Sundays from 1o am for tickets and hotel reservations call toll-free 
1- 8oo- 792-1122 o r 
1- 8oo- 433-1596 
IN TEXAS 
OUTSIDE TEXAS 

For Park information call our San Antonio Regional Office 
342-o877 
SIX FLAGS' 
□ V E R T E X A S 

 workings of their per­ ceptions. 

They use intensely personal (which is never to be read as autobiogra­ phical) material and derive from it both the poems and the language to convey them. 

Shihab elevates little events, moments, per­ ceptions into a shared human experience. Har­ adon works at large themes. And both suc­ ceed memorably. 
‘Do unto others’ 

By JIM PRICE 
“ Do unto others before they do unto you.” 
That’s the mote a 
Jew ish Godfather uti­ lizes to build his Ameri­ can dream after arriving as a young, penniless immigrant from Latvia. 
Coupled with his in­ tense loyalty for his fa­ mily, Jake Lineman is one tough cookie. 
M urder, bribery, blackmail and fraud — they are means for the family to become power­ ful. The means justify the ends. 
But someone is tougher than Fineman. 
He is Marty Bronston, a 
Houston native and Uni­ versity of Texas at Aus­ tin graduate. 
When the two meet, 
Fineman becomes the teacher and Bronston the student. But five years 

 later, the roles are re­ versed. And Bronston passes his test with fly­ ing colors. 
Such is the raw, but intriguing novel, TH E 
O BLIG A TIO N (Ashley 
Books, Inc.; $7.95) by 
Jerome Tiras. 
From New York to 
Chicago to Houston, tho 
Finem an empire stretches, but head­ quarters is the Fineman 
Department Store in the 
Bayou City. 
Fineman hires Bron­ ston, planning to milk him for his brains and then dump him. Fine­ man eventually discards 
Bronston, fearing the younger man is too much like him. 
But Bronston is not dismissed that easily. He proves himself more than an equal match for the Jewish Godfather. 

THE COMEDY HIT OF AU TIME RETURNS! 

“a conic 
AwsitcnEctr 
-H o llis Aloerl SATU RD A Y REVIEW 
MONSTER 
RIOT.” 
- n y times 

NORTHWEST SIX i CENTURY SOUTH 
UNIVERSAL • BROADWAY 
SAN PEDRO • MISSION • TOWN TWIN 

But, oddly, they both arrive at the same place 
— the enriched humane awareness of others. 

In effect, Shihab says: 
“ Look at what I have found — let us share it” and Haradon says, “ Look at w hat we share — now let us find its value for ourselves.” 

This is good poetry, from growing poets, lf readers are not familiar with their names, they will be. 

MOVIE GUIDE FOR FA MILIES 

G: 
"General Audiences." 
Film con tains no materials most parents are likely to consider obiectionable even for younger children. 

PG: "Parental 
Guidance 
Suggested." 
Rating cautions parents they might consider some material unsuitable for children. It urges parents to in­ quire about the film before de ciding on attendance 

R 
"Restricted." Film contains adult type material and those under 17 years of age are not admitted ex­ cept in the company of a parent or an adult guardian. 

X: 
This is patently an adult type film and no one under 1 I is admitted. 
The age limit may be higher in some places 

Mot ion Picture Association of America 

Callaghan 
Twin 
441 3 Canaglia 
434-661 I 
7431 S VV M il 
674 1371 
4 11O Naco- Ber»in 
636-3434 

M O N .-FH I.; 7 o o 9 oo 
SAT .-SUN .: 1 o o 1 o o 
5 o o 7 o o 9:oo 

Ws a hilarious 
^ outrageous ffad race. 

 am WX '«* im ...min.. 
• • . a.”*!. .*««.«• v m mum,* sun row ■ cab* mist»• job* i v mw * ■ SMM, h a m m k i ■ sifv f* «r*"> 
TiMMdNIIHf • jOAIWf HSU - J AAFOMAUtr • MCMCX AS W W W ... BAO! H ill*.. '•«*<> 
CHUC KHA,i ■ . 
CAN IAMIS- >«►. CHUT « SAU m u o n c a w in k m - iw w x m w tin s! Aorists bbooucikmminm ooum c I m in Hr af 

Callaghan 
Twin 

636-3434 

M O N .-FRI.I 7 :15-9:oo 
SAT 
SU N : 3 :o o 3:43 
5 :3o 7 15 9:oo 

‘Splendiferously Funny. 

 tpr (OUMIt, rh* N*ut V«wft*r 

“ It’i a b a ll of a b ra w l.” 
Judith i t i*i 

S A N A N T O N I O A R E N A — 
M A Y 2 1 - 8 P . M . 
TICKETS N O W O N SALE 
J A M & JELLY G EN E R A L STORE 
A R E N A B O XOF FI CE 
R A Y M O N D S D R U G S in A U S T I N 

S N I in A s s o c i a t i o n w i t h C o n c e r t s W e s t - J A M 

 a n d J e r r y W e i n t r a u b 

EXPRESS-NEWS SUNDAY MAGAZINE-—Way 8,1977 4 PAG! ll* 

BUCK 
SUNDAY 

VOMIT SHAM MMI KVM MAI THI KEUM 

CENTURY SOOTH 
11:45-2.2o 
4:55-7:3o 
1o:o5 N O 

U A. CME CINCO I 
ABC WONDER 
1:45-4:25 
1:45-4:2o 
7:o5-9:45 
I 
6:55-9:3o 
B A R G A IN M ATIN EE 

I "The greatest! suspense thriller sot the decade Itta 

99 

— Rona Barrett, A B C TV 

:Express-News Want Ads 225-1666 

THE LITTLE GIRL W H O LIVES D O W N THE LANE 

— 
Jo d ie Foster a n d Scott J a c o b y a re a you ng 

 co u p le in lo v e in the th rille r a t the C e n tra l P ark Fox, 

U A 4 a n d U A C in e Cinco. 

G E N E R A L C I N E M A T H E A T R E S 

I NORTHSTAW EVERY PAY TIL 1:3oP.M.--$1.5o I 

In three days they 

 almost won 
I 
» the War. 
! f 
| 

£ & 
J T * * / 

% 

HAS LANDED w. 

E X C L U S IV E 12.2o 2:4o-5:oo-7:2o-9:4o 
N O R T H S T A R 
342-93o4 

G eo rg e C. Scott i:3o-3:35 

A Fronklin J. Schooner Film 
5:4o-7:45 

Islonds in the Stream'jpc! 9:5o 

R 
11:55- 1:55-3:55-5:55-7:55-9:55 
MCCRELESS 
5 3 3 - o 4 3 1 

THE 
@ 
C U M B R LL RRLLY 
1 2 - 2 - 4 
6 - 8-1o 

MCCRELESS S1.oo A lt SHOWS AT ALL TIMES I 

WAL/! '4 kit IMH-IS MI "I M 

HELO 
GEORGE 
JANE 
OVER 
SEGAL 
FONDA 

R E 
| U N I T E D A H T I S T 8 T H E AT 

| 
WIHOAOA YAAK M A U 
F T 
W IMM O I! A A U M AIL 

 i i jo-] a 

5 3o 7-3o 

1:45-4:25-7:o5-9:45 

IT COULD BE TOMORROW! 

A STORY O f tO V f A N O HATE. 

1:15-3:15 

5: 5 -7:15 

P W 
4 
SOUTH AAWK MALL 
’ IZMPIVIPPWa 

• a k U e U £ U 
J 
I is 
V> Mil lur. 
I m 

ACADEMY AWARD WINNER 
BEST ORIGINAL SONG ’ EVERGREEN'' pH S H S H 

12:3o 2:4o 

4 :55-7:7o 

9:45 

PAUL NEW MAN in g ONE OF THE FUNNIEST NEW w 
COMEDIES OF THE YEAR 
SUP 
.SHOT 

= *3 
I 
H A P P Y H O U R D A ILY UNTIL 
> 
1 : 3 o ALL S EA TS S i . 2 5 
I 

12:3o-2:15-4:oo-5:45-7:35-9:3o 

Nobody does it like the teenagers... and they do it ail in 

Color 

1:5o-4:25-7:oo-9:35 

EMANUEL L WOLF <=.«,«, "TEENAGE GRAFFITI” Sac*. MICHAEL DRISCOLL 
JEANNETTA ARNE TTF ALDEN SHERRY d w m o, CHRISTOPHER G CASLER 
ProiiucM».SHELDONTRoM8ERG 
STEPHENS! TRATTNER 
4 

 w m 
. m m m 
"ml m . m . m . 9d P 
WINDSOR »A>K MALL 

1 ^2JJ333EiB3I 

>-3:1o 5:1o-7:1o 

BONNIE 
AND flY ftF 
V 
4 # l A M U 
THEY AIN’T. 

FUN W ITH D tCK& JA N E” 

1 : o o - 3 : o 5 - 5 : 1 o - 7 : 1 5 - 9 : 2 o 

EVER DREAM ED OF SCALIN G EVEREST. OR 
FLYIN G TO THE M O O N ? HIS D R EAM W A S 
TO SAIL A R O U N D THE W O R LD . . . A N D 
HE DID IT! 

A 
BEAUTIFUL. 
TENDER, 
LO VE 
STO R Y OF A B O Y , A GIRL, A BIG 
O R A N G E ALLEY C A T A N D A SAIL­ 
B O A T IN W HICH THEY SEARCHED 
THE W O R LD UNTIL THEY FO U N D 
EACH OTHER. 

A MAGNIFICENT FILM 
FOR LOVERS OF A ll 
AGES. 

Joseph Bottoms Deborah Raffin 

GUARANTEED TO PLEASE 

IT IS A RARE INSTANCE THAT W E FEET SO STR O NGLY ABO U T A 
M O T IO N PICTURE THAT W E G U AR AN T EE YOU WILL FULLY ENJOY 
IT 
THE D O VE 
H AS O U R PERSO N AL EN D O R SEM EN T — A N D A 
GUEST TICKET TO A FUTURE M O V IE WILL BE G IV E N TO ANYONE 
W H O ISN J PLEASED 
P A T PILK IN G TO N M A N A G E R 

PAG! 12 fXPRE5S-NEW5 SUNDAY MAGAZINE— M ay 8,1977 

THEIR DEADLY MISSION: 
TO CRACK THE FORBIDDEN 
ISLAND OF HAN! 

STARRING 
BRUCE LEE • jo h n sa x o n • a h n a cap ri 

NORTHWEST SIX t CENTURY SOUTH • TEXAS 

IWN TWIN 

M usic M an returning 

NEW YORK - The 
Music Man is returning to Broadway to become the Sly Fox. 
Robert Preston is as exuberant as a kid doing his first high school play about going into the role of the phony invalid al­ ready made celebrated by George C. Scott. 
“Oh, no, there’s no ego involved about your be­ coming a replacement,” says Preston grandly. 
“ I’ve been a replacement before, and I have been replaced. When I saw 
George in 
Sly Fox,’ I kept a handkerchief to my mouth so I wouldn’t distu rb the people a r­ ound me with my laugh­ ing. They were all having a ball and we will, too. 
“ I’m sure that George will, if he gets the time, come and see me and feel his own labor pains again. And if I do anyth­ ing to upset what they’re doing * I'll kill m yself” 
P resto n rem em b ers lifting a glass in a toast in Sardi’s one night back around 1958 when he was already a star and Scott was a ju st-arriv ed in 
“Children of Darkness.” 
Nobody looks down on a replacement now. 
“Tony Perkins and Ri­ chard Burton made it all very resp e cta b le in 
“ Equus.” 
“Look at ‘The Music 
Man,” Preston said con­ cerning his great love. 
“ E ddie 
A lbert re ­ placed me and kept 68 people w orking. Then 
Forrest Tucker went in and did it longer than 

ROBERT PRESTON 

P L A Y A L IT T L E 

With A Want Ad. 

It's smart, profitable and so easy. 
Call now for an Ad 
Call 

2 2 5 - 1 6 6 6 

On Broadway 

By EARL WILSON 

 anybody. I had a hard time convincing people in Dallas that they didn’t see me doing “ ’The Mu­ sic Man’ there — it was 
Forrest Tucker.” 
A smile lit up his face when we rem em bered that Jack Warner tried to get Cary Grant to do the movie role and Grant said, “If you don’t have 
Bob Preston play it, I won’t even go to set? it.” 
“One year, I think it w as ’51, Jose Ferrer was looking for somebody to replace him in 
’2oth 
C entury,’ and I said, 
‘Hold it, I’ll do it,’ and I did. with Binnie Barnes. 
“They called me ‘Hol­ lywood’s Robert Preston’ and la ter when I re ­ 

 turned to Hollywood, they called me ‘Broad­ way’s Robert Preston.’ 
“The Music Man’ was my 9th play. The 1oth was 
‘P ancho 
V illa ,’ which never got to New 
York. Goddard Leiber- son said it was the best lousy show he ever saw.” 
P reston looks back over those years with love. Form er President 
Harry S. Truman and the form er G overnor Tho­ mas 
E. 
Dewey were backstage one night — at the same time. 
“When were you fel­ lows last together?” Bob asked 
G ive-’em -H ell 
Harry. 
“ When 
I w hupped him ,” Truman said. 

M L N E W - bigger, m ore exciting than "AIRPORT 1975" 

Flight 23 has crashed in the Berm uda Triangle... 
A IR P O R T !7 7 

UWVEASM PICI DUIS Presents 

THE CAR Starring 

JAMES BROUN, KATHLEEN LLOYD, JOHN MARLEY, 

ELIZABETH THOMPSON and RONNY COX Screenplay by DENNIS SHRYACK 

& MICHAEL BUHER and E M SLATE Story by OE RUIS SHRYACK J MICHAEL BUHER 

Music by LEONARD ROSENMAN Dtrecied by ELLIOT SILVERSTEIN 

Produced by MARVIN S H M and ELLIOT S U M I * m c wye aauni-w 1 i ’m w c g 

N O I IH W II I t i t 
C E N T U R Y * ; 
I O ! I N 
U kanji I 

IMT Mil- Of. mf M M tm 

„ m u , , i i i , , 

Preston goes into “ Sly 
Fox” after finishing a movie, "Sem i-Tough,” playing Big Ed, blasphe­ mous, swearing owner of a pro football team who curses every couple of words. 
“ In th at p ictu re I discovered Burt Reyn­ olds. What a man! Not a phony thing about him. 
Sally Field was there. 
If they have a litter, I want a pup.” 
A lthough 
P re sto n ’s considered something of a hermit, commuting from C onnecticut, he says he and wife 

C atherine enjoy th eir farm, and he likes the driving to the theater. 
“What do I think about while driving? About the play, of course,. You’re all alone, you’re closed in. You’re going over your lines. Even after hundreds of p e rfo r­ mances,, you’re still go­ ing over your lines. 
“ You have a guilt feeling about not going to the theater for a couple of m onths after you’ve left it. And,” he laughed, 
“ you’re also a little an­ noyed — how can they go on without you? 
^ 

NEW LAUREL 
231o SANPEDRO • 736-4551 

 r 
MON. i PRI 
■ 
J 5:3o-7:45-1o:oo e MU 

12 4 o -3 o o -5 2 o I 
7 4o 1o:oo PM 
I 

(H IG H E S T R A T IN G ! 

"R O C K Y " 
HAS RAISED 

THE SPIRITS 
AND GLADDEN 
THE HEARTS 
OF ALL 
M ANKIND" 
• 
DON'T MISS 
SEEING IT... 
NOW! 

ACADEMY AWARD WINNER 
BEST PICTURE 
.■MWW)., 
CK»l*TO« 
BEST 
DIRECTOR 
JOUNG AVK OBIN 
BEST FILM 
EDITING 
ROCKY* 

George C. Scott 

A ftonhlin I Schoffnet Film 
’’Islands in the Stream" 

A Oar! PolevvKy Ptodocnon 
*‘*5 MOFFtog 
David Hemmings Gilbert Roland and Claire Bloom 

 oar-} , > j, fin e st H em ingw ay 
D ean# Bait P etncleic 
: . , . . ' . P eter D an o n d M c x Poievsky 
. ftonhlin J Schortnet 
Jetty Goldsm ith •• 
- 
, - ■ 
PGffMttWL sworn SUG6F STT ti 
P O 

G EN ERA L C IN F WIA C O R P O R A TIO N 
NORTH STAR 
342-93o4 
EXCLUSIVE 
1:3 o -3 :3 5 -5 :4 o -7 :4 5 -9 :5 o 

If You’ve Ever W ondered 

What Love Is ... 

Find O u t Today in the Express. 

I GMT n OM M O Y * * 
$1 2 5 TIU 2 o o P M ravel l l oo-2:15-5 3o-1 45 
G I A f m i 
12:3o-3:45-7 OO- IO 15 

Color An Allied Artist. Relets* 

N 
S * * M W O WM STH 
_ 

!**•••'. MICHAU DfHSCOU 
JEANNETTA ARNI TTFA lD fN SHP RRY 

 i . u f i V 

THE DEAD D O REXI RN TO UVE AGAIN 
AND 
AG AIN 
AN D AGAIN 

TOU tv — 
SHOCf O'JtP 

: s s $ i s r 

Hut tun' Chicks Get iff a re jm fhan Kuna Fm K ir k * im 

■ 
ORASON* 
FIRST RUN UHE A TRES 
A 
H 
D 

AZTEC-3 
$1 25 THA 2 o o P M 
CRYPT" 11 2o-2 55-625-1o oo 
'M A SO N 12:55-4:25-4oo 
CAPITAN 
"CRYPT" O SO 
' M A G O N " ll 

 lr 
. 

EXPRESS-NEWS SUNDAY WAG AZINE-May 8. 1977 
PAGE 13 

W hat’s show ing in town 

F ilm s show ing this week in San Antonio in­ clude: 
Aztec-3: 
T eenage 
G raffiti + White Line 
Fever; Crypt of the Dark 
Secrets + Shadow of the 

Dragon; Forbidden Sex­ uality + Summer Heat. 
Broadway: The Party. 
Central Park Fox: The 
Little G irl Who Lives 
Down the Lane;. 
Century South: 
Black 

 abc) INTERSTATE 

BROADWAY 
I WONDER 2 
« m m w h 
••• IM I r n |I« ;| 
That WACKY 
CLOUSEAU 
Is Bungling 
Again! 

V j j j f THIS TIME A o r--'MT /*>* B U 
PAISLEY PINK 
. 
•• E LEFA N T. 

Sunday; Teenage Graffi­ ti; Young Lady Chatter- ly; Lords of Flat bush + 
Drive-in; Airport ‘77; It s 
Alive. 
Colonies 
North: 
Freaky Friday. 
Josephine: Tapestry of 
Passion. 
Laurel: Rocky. 
North Star Cinema: 
Islands in the Stream; 
The Eagle Has Landed. 
Northwest Six: 
Teen­ age Graffiti; Young Lady 
C h attery ; Airport ‘77; 
Slipper and the Rose; 
Wizards; . Nasty Habits. 
Olmos: 
Sun-Tues: A 
Piece of Pleasure + The 
C lockm aker; 
Wed 
& 
Thur: Mean Streets and 

Box Car Bertha; Fri & 
Sat: Touch of Evil. 
Texas: 
Blazing Sad­ dles -t- Car Wash. 
CA 4: 
The Little Girl 
Who Lives Down the 
Lane; Slap Shot; A Star 
Is Born. 
CA Cine Cinco: 
The 
Little G irl Who Lives 
Down the Lane; Black 
Sunday. 
Cniversa! Twin: Lords of Flatbush + Drive-in; 
Tapestry of Passion. 
Wonder: 
The Party; 
Black Sunday. 
Woodlawn: 
Bedroom 
M agic 
+ 
Love 
Thy 
N eighbor; 
C assan d ra 
Crossing + Lucky Lu­ ciano. 

Jam es Devney an d 
August B aya rd g ath er in the local teenage hang out in m ovie ab out tod ay's teenagers at the Northwest 
Six, C entury South, UA Cine Cinco, Aztec-3, San 
Pedro a n d Mission. 

THE PARiy 

BOTH THEATERS 

* 2 :15-4:o5 

PACE 14 
EXPRESS-NEWS SUNDAY MAGAZINE— May 8,1977 

THE SU PPER A N D THE 
R O S E 
— 
R ic h a rd 
C h a m b e r la in is P rin ce 
Charm ing in the m usical version o f C in d erella at the Northw est Six. 

WHAT S SHOWING 

S A N T I K O S 
T H I A I R E S 

N O R T H W E S T S IX 

"YOUNG LADY 
CHATTERLY 

C E N T U R Y S O U T H 6 
"YoUNC LADY 
CHATTERLY 
"WIZARDS** 
"TEENAGE 
GRAFFITI" 
"TEEN AGI 
GRAFFITI" 
"IT'S 
AU VE" 
"NASTY 
HABITS** 
LOWS OF FLATUS* 
"DRIVE-IN" 
"AIRPORT 

7 7 " 
"BAACK 
SUNDAY" sum s ANO 
TNC ROSI" 
"AIRPORT 
7 7 " 

S A N P E D R O 

"CASSANDRA CROSSING 
L e a r iuciano 

I 
M I S S I O N 
"TNC FARMER" 
TAXI DRIVER" 

"T H I FA R M ER " 
TA X I DRIVER" 

I 
TEENAGE GRAFFITI'' 
"LAST SUMMER" 

TUNA GI GRAFFITI 
"LAST SUMMER" 
T O W N T W IN 

"THE FARMER" 
"TAXI DRIVER" 

V A R S IT Y 
"IT'S ALI V I" 

“TNE HOOSE T M I V IK SM U I" 

B t O T W B ' 
C L X O D A T V A J O M C X '* 
T W W J C M T M 
O 
W 

I 
V A L L E Y H I 
I 
(CASSANDRA CROSSING! 
"LUCKY LUCIANO'' 
I 

T RAIL 
"IT'S ALIVE" 
“THE MOOSE THUT VMRSNEIT 

FRED. R O A D 
L O R D S O f n A T H E I S M ' ' 
"MHVEJVf" 

L A C K L A N D 

 m a x i s A r r a m o o M " 
•SBBKSSST 

{JA SGA IN MATINEE 
oA#Y F 
O 
S 
_____________ 
THEATRE CAPACITY ma»trnm tn 
TOR RRST 

W O K I H W K I I u t 
12:1o2:1o4:1o 
6:1o ATO IMO 

 mall 
■ 
41* 

A RALPH BAKSHI FILM 
An epic fantasy of peace and magic. 

A VISION OF 
THC WORLD, IO 
MILLION TEARS 
IN TH E FUTURE. 
(PG) 
WIZARDS 

 u t 
H 
Q 
I O ! I M i tm wa. Or. m m as**, 
M $o-1:5o-3:5o-55o7:5&4:5o 
12 oo-2 oo-4:oo-6oo-#,-oo-16oo 
AN X-RATED FII VI TH AT TOUCHES AOI 
VI HERE IT FEELS THE BEST...VOL R HEART. 

NO 
BAR. 
MAT. 

Beautiful X 

• f e y 
. 

NO ONE UNDER 17 ADMITTED 

- M H I H W U ! 
— u t 

Vxi’ll forget every love story you ever saw. 

H t f t i p p e t 

 d th e ^ w e a sn 

I lie S t o r y o f C i m tc rc lla 

RICHARD 
JO] 
CHAMBERLAIN 
GEMMA CRAVEN j 

 mal. 
4 IC* U. H4r< m r r r r n 
So. 
A d m . tkn- 

Oovri# Chob.oft 

I [ne f e r t i e d e p ia is ir 

< A Piece of Pleasure), 

TODAY 
2:3o-6:15 the 
"W*!*) 
TODA/ nus CLOCKM AKER 
12:3o 4.15 8-OO 
Winn* of the tenth 

STARTS 
WEDNESDAY 

'M I A N S T U T T ' 

STARTS FRIDAY 
O R S O N WELLES 
" A TOOCM O f KYU." 

BARGAIN MA T M H 
D AIT K it TUIA T it 
CADOTT KH WST 

PECtOCMAMCf OM V. 

12 OO 2 OO 
oo 6 oo 
OO 1ooo 
■ jg jjg jg g g j- .: 

■ Il l J ------ f • ~ m -tts* i:< 
*“*" Al 
HABITS 

Thee outrageous com edy! 

3RD 
O UTRAGEOU 
W EEK! 

ACADEMY 
AWARD WINNER 

Glenda Jackson 

Melina Mercouri 

Geraldine Page 

Sandy Dennis 

Annie Jackson 

Anne Meara 

 k _________________ f NORTHWEST SIX m c 2-re etc 6oo too tare 

CENTURY 
12.6o LCC 44t 6oo MO 16oo 

SAN PEDRO 
T U R AGI (45-12:1o 

LAST S M M U 1o 35 
MISSION 

-Xnteriean O ra l ( iii brought mitt lh e TO** w ilk a 
U n d e r funny lo o k a l fe rn a fir In tr o f Im lay' 

Nobody does it like tin teenagers and they (kl it all ie reenaa ** 
GftapfiTi & 

 jn 
ISSI 

 j Q M M O W 

RICHARD THOMAS. BARBARA HH SHEY in 
2NO FEATURE AT 
DRIVE INS OMIT: 
LAST SUMMER WAS TOO BEAUTI­ 
FUL TO FORGET...AND TOO PAIN- 
^FUITO FORGET ..(R)___________ 

W O O C U W N 
ITA ll luau 
HJO 
«. 

C A SSAN D R A l 2:3o-A55-9;25 

LUCKY 
L 45-M 5 

 u n l i n o 
T H OI * SCREEN O U T D O O R 

U 
I I E I H 
I 
O U T D O O R TNI ATRI 

 b . N * . . I M . . U r n M N 
DRIVE INS: 
C A SS A N D R A 
_ 
M S ! OO 
«<8 4 IM.*... Urn* X t M - U l l 
ItOIY 

THIS YEARS MOST EXCITING 
ADVENTURE STORY: 
■ H I 

 j h g g a r t w 

SOPHIA LOREN 
RICHARD HARRIS 
MARTIN SHEEN 
O I SIMPSON 
ANN TURKEL 
BURT LANCASTER 
AVA GARDNER 

U s S ia m s E f 

( 1 * 1 1 I l f 
I O ! I H 
I tm tm •» wwi )»> 
5185 < 

U l l i n 
o o * o o o 4 TMI*T(« 

C EN TU R Y: rr S ALIVE ' 
12 OO 5-oo 4 OO 
6oo ROO 16oo 

 v i m 

 l l W I . «* 

D R I V E -IN S : 
" I t 'S ALIVE 
-------------- 
1 4 5 - 1 2 15 

* * * * * * * 
H O U S E 
1o 35 

THCKC S ONLY ONG THING WRONG 
WITH THC DAVIS BABY... 

* v 
* 

 its Alive 
(PG) 
Hmm 

THC ONG FILM YOU SHOULD NOT SCC ALONC 

<rt Drwo-Jns: “ THE HOOSE THAT VANISHED” 

■ e j ^ y n H u g - 
D 
N 
I U i l U 
( IVY 1 * 1% i * awn. M M U h 
C E N T U R Y : tOtOS -M O 6.35 
161o 
•oRIVE-D4 
I OO 4 35 619 

U NI VE* SAI "LORDS'' 12 oo 3 362 o 6 'o 15 
"WIVERN" I AS- SI 54 3o 

ROCKY — 
Burgess 
Meredith co stars in him about boxing at the 
Laurel. 

:*.nu: 
: d! 

(PG) 
THERE S ALWAYS ACTION 

AT THE DRIVE IN! (PG) 

IAN H D RO ■ 3 HIISION ftlRll SOUN OV*OOOt R E - J TWIN OWTOOOi 
U~ ».4>. «* 
14 
444 1414 
***o «»»»—» 

R i o w ^ I W W 
--I- ll 
O U T O O O I Th I I T M 
"D R IV E R " 
I CHAO 

PLUS: 
TAXI DRIVER m w th fm < aurar r a t 
S TU M IG 
V torni DE mo od 

NASTY HABITS — 
Geraldine Page is fea­ tured in satire of Water­ gate at the Northwest 
Six. 

T O H * T H I * 
O u T O O O t T Mf A f i t 
/ 
" • • O T H E R S ' 
I M i 
I anil 
I 
M I C H 
■ S T a B H B brothers b 
A STORY OF 

...AND HATE! 

 fu)& [U W A T 1(JU | E S 

S H E'S 6 2 
O F D Y N A M IT E 
(FO) 

 nos. T WAIGHT PEOPLE (po. wuh FA M GACH 

* r 
I 

5 jL 

I I C ! I A * T 

O U T D O O R T HI A TRE t 

 n 
7 o SMM«ritt 
RJI I H I ae mm nmm rn* rumm p 

 n M u i t i t A M M U m m i r I 

\ 
(BU ST O U T y X ) T o ^ o J 
I I 

NAKED AFTERNOON’ *> 
(X) I I ;3 o 

BLACK SUNDAY — 
Marthe Heller and Bruce 
Dem star in-action ad­ venture at the Wonder and Century South. 

 fXPGF«-WEWS SUNDAY MAGAZINE — Mow 8. 1977 ♦ FAGE IS 

4 I I' '•> 
I 
/ % i I i 
I.' 
* I 
I ;f I ' 
-'I 
4 
I. . * ; f 
I I 11 i I I lh* 
* I * i j I I § $ * 

PAGE 16 
EXPRtSS-NEWS SUNDAY MAGA2!N£— M ay 8, 1977 

Warning: The Surgeon General Has Determined 

That Cigarette Smoking Is Dangerous to Your Health. 

Flavor Lights; long Lights; 8 mg. "tar", o.7 mg. nicotine; av. per cigarette, by FTC Method. 

STORE COUPON 
25o 
SINE 25o WHEN YOU BUYAMCK OF NEW 
LAM U N IS (FLAVOR UGHTS OR LONG LIGHTS) 

To Dealer: WO wilt redeem this coupon, plus 5« for handling, when terms of this offer have been complied with by you and the consumer Any other application may con­ stitute fraud Get reimbursement by mailing coupons to: LIGGETT GROUP INC 
RO. BOX 1774, CLINTON, IOWA 52732 NOTE: Invoices proving purchase of suf­ ficient stock to cover coupons presented for redemption must be shown upon request. Redeemable only by consumer to whom originally issued We will not honor redemption through transferees, assignees, outside agencies, brokers or others who are not retail distributors of our merchandise Coupon void and subject to confiscation when presented contrary to terms of the arrangement. Offer limited to one coupon per adult 21 years of age and older Any sales tax must be paid by customer. Good only in the United States, and void in any place where it is prohibited, licensed, taxed or restricted by law Cash value: 1/2o of 1C. 
LIGGETT GROUP INC. OFFER EXPIRES SEPT. 3o. 
STORE COUPON 

A D D R E S S 
________ 

CITY______________________________ STATE_______________ ZIP________________ 

I The official order form may not be mechanically reproduced and must accom­ pany your refund request 2 Limit one cash refund per name or aadress J Sorry. no clubs or organizations are eligible for refund 

For persons 21 years of age or over void where p r o fit e d taxed or restricted by law Offer expires Sept 3o.1977 U S Postal Regulations require use of zip codes 

Taste the only cigarette made with just the tender “filet” of 1oo% virgin all-leaf tobacco. 
No tobacco by-products. 
No reconstituted tobacco. 
No added stems. 

REAL TASTE. ONLY 8 MG “TAR!’ 

$2. 

M AIL-IN CERTIFICATE 

REFUND 
ONA CARTON OF NEW 
L&M LIGHTS (FLAVOR LIGHTS OR LONS LIGHTS) 

To receive your cash refund enclose bottom panels from ten (1o) packs of New 
LAM Lights and this ceriil.cate Mail first class to LAM LIG H T S R E F U N D OFFER, 
RO. B O X 6o-1966 M IN N E A P O LIS. M IN N 5546o 

NAM E, 

M M S I I l l I I M H I U ! H I S I n « t U ‘ M 

SAYINGS 
OF THE 
WEEK . . . 

• LEE RADZIWILL, Jackie 
Onassis younger sister: "It’s the most ludicrous talk in the world that Jackie and I are ri­ vals. We’re exceptionally close and always have been. I think it’s time to make up a new sto­ ry or go to bed.” 
• LOUISE LASSER, on the decision to end Mary Hartman, 
Mary Hartman: "I feel we've really done this show and not to the point of obnoxiousness, ad nauseam. Part of the paint mg is to know when to take your brush away and say it s finished.” 
• GEORGE SEGAL, the ac tor, on Henry Kissinger: "He didn’t see All The President's 
Men because he was afraid he’d recognize Deep Throat and he didn’t see Deep Throat because be was afraid he’d recognize the 
President’s men.” 
• RICHARD 
DREYFUSS, talking about his part in TV’s 
Victory At Entebbe: “I did it for the money ($5o,ooo a day). 
I was a whore and I don’t want to make out like it was any other way. My only saving grace is that no one else would want to turn (town that kind of money either.” 
• KIRK 
DOUGLAS, actor 
"Working with Barbra Streis­ and is like having a picnic at the end of the airport runway.” 
• JOHN 
KENNETH 
GAL­ 
BRAITH, Harvard economist- author "What is called a high standard of living consists, in considerable measure, in ar­ rangements for avoiding mus­ cular energy, increasing sex­ ual pleasure and for enhancing caloric intake.” 
• LARRY FLYNT, millionaire pornographer: "My grandfath­ er always told me, ‘Son. if you’re going to be a bear, be a grizzly.’ I’ve approached ev­ erything in life with that atti­ tude.” 
• PETE STARK, Congress­ man: "There isn’t a military unit in the United Utates that could fight its way home at the end of a tough weekend. ’ 
• RONA BARRETT, gossip columnist. "Farrah Fawcett is the Ed "Kookie’* Byrnes of the 
’7os.” 
___________ ___ 

Patty’s pounds piling up at home 

AS a kidnap victim, fugitive and prisoner, Patty Hearst, 23, shocked people with her gaunt face and tess-than- 1oo-pound body (photo left). 
After six months in isolated but comfy surroundings with mom, dad and the $6oo-a-day security force, Patty has begun to fill out (photo right). Now she has left the Hearsts’ plush Nob Hill digs for another house in San Francisco closer to her friends. One pal was agog during a recent meal with the new eager eater: "Patty ordered snails, duckl­ ing and mousse au Checotah She cleaned every plate,” said the friend. 

Grim-faced Carsons visit Carol 

JOHNNY CARSON and his wife, Joanne (right), looked unexpectedly grim backstage after watching Carol Burnett (left) in her Stage show, 
Same Time Next Year Was the reason Johnny’s falling ratings, John­ ny’s bad back, or Johnny’s fight with NBC to carry has TV show live? 
Tne answer is none of the above, according to NBC vice president Dav­ id Tebet. who saki: “Johnny is at the peak of his career. At age 51, he’s also in top physical condition and should be around a long time.” 
Fine and good, but what are we to do about the long Carson faces? 

GERALDINE CHAPLIN’S newest film is called The Wedding, but—alas—life will not im­ itate art in this case. Geraldine, 33, will not marry Spanish movie director Carlos Saura, above with Geraldine at a showing of one of his movies. Said the oldest daughter of Char­ lie and Oona Chaplin: "I scorn marriage. I tried to get our son an English passport, but he was bom in Spain Legally, Shane (age 2) doesn’t have a father because Carlos is 
Hurried to scneone in Spain, and Span, dc*s no, have d,vorce , > * dp*, * 
* had „ 

EARLY this year, Sophia Loren, 42, fled Italy for 
France because of tax woes. Then she fled her Par­ is apartment because (rf fire. Now it’s spring, things have settled down, and Sophia looks serene walking with her sons Cipi (right) and Edouardo. Said So- quite sometime.” 
K l ' i i i 
* 

NAKED MAN HURLS 

REIF FROM TRUCK 

STATE police arrested Johnson 
Watson, 23, for public indecency and malicious trespass. 

They said he stood naked on a moving truck in sub-freezing weather and tossed sides of beef onto Interstate 74 near Shelby­ ville, Ind. 

Watson told police he wanted to 
"feed the people.” 

• > M i . n l o j j f ( i fr* 

Billy Carter at a country club 

WHERE does Billy Carter, 4o, go for suds and solitude when his fill­ ing station-bar in Plains, Ga., gets too crowded? Why down the road a bit to the Plains Country Club. 
You’ll find the nation’s chief spokesman for Redneck Power in the back, in the private Good Old 
Boys Room, where he's known as the worst pool player in the joint. 
Billy does know how to put down his Pabst, smoke up his Rents and zing one liners. Said Billy about criticism of his smoking: “Can’t people let me die of cancer in peace?” On what is a redneck. 
"A guy who sits around drinking all day and lying to reporters.” 

Geraldine Chaplin nixes nuptials 

Remarkable Hollywood look-alikes cashing in on their famous faces 

IN HOLLYWOOD, things are seldom what they seem. Case in point: four people above who are not Jimmy Durante, Rosalynn Carter, Jack 
Albertson and Burt Reynolds. They ARE look-alikes, and making good money at it. Hollywood agent Ron Smith, who handles the four above, among others, said: “ Being a double for a famous person can be profit­ able. Some of my clients make up to $7,5oo for a TV commercial.” 

Chris Lance (right). Burt Reynolds’ 
‘I get mobbed in the s double and an actor in his own right, said: “ I get mobbed in the streets and have a hard time convinc­ ing people I’m not Burt. For a lot of people, I’m as close to the real thing as they are going to get. I have become a fantasy figure and don’t mind a bit.” Real names of the other three doubles are Bill (Durante) 
Grimes, Ruby (Rosalynn) Beattie, and Alex (Albertson) Schunben. 

Barbara Carrera wants to express herself 

Lee Radziwill shuns high society’s strip 

BARBARA CARRERA, 29, has been the Chiquita banana girl, producer Bob Evans* lady love and a top fashion model. Now the bananas have slipped behind her, she and Bob Evans are 
“ just good friends” since Bob married sportscaster Phyllis George, and Barbara wants to de­ vote ail her time and attention to making it in the movies. Said Barbara: ‘‘I got tired of being a shill or a clothes hanger. I want to express myself. And now I want to be taken seriously as an actress.” So far, the Nicaragua-born beauty has appeared in Master Gunfighter and Embryo. 

Dick Gregory on the street 

DICK GREGORY, 44, earned his early fame as a comedian. His message 

I party erotic celebration” at New York’s chic night club, Regine’s. Many guests stripped down to their Cartier watches and birthday suits once the party started, prompting High Society 
Usher Gloria Leonard to comment' “ Only a French night club in America could such an event take place.” Lee Radziwill and boy­ friend, lawyer Peter Tufo, bared their teeth with smiles, but stopped there. Said Lee, 42: 
“Thank you, I think I will keep my coat.” 

 got heavier and he got leaner as a fasting civil rights activist in the 6os. 
St. Louis, Mo., recently honored Gregory’s civil rights work by naming a street after him. At the dedication ceremony, 
Gregory demonstrated he hadn’t lost the comedian’s touch. Said 
Gregory: “ I’m the father of IO children. This is the first thing named after me that don’t eat.” 

Land being I turned Into new prairies 

HUNDREDS of Americans are 
| out to transform huge patches of land into miniature prairies. 
Prairies are springing up all over the count™ on land set aside by the Forest Service of the De­ partment of Agriculture. 

The land has been made avail­ able to the prairie farmers as a means of reviving it and saving it from erosion. 

Most of the 3.8 million acres set aside for this purpose are in the 
Great Plains states where prairie grass was largely eradicated by plowing and overgrazing. 

The land is all that remains of the 
25o million acres that stretched from Indiana to the 
Rockies and from Saskatoon in central Canada to Texas. 

Conservation groups, university students and farmers are staking out most of the prairies. 

They are locating them on old sodbusters’ graveyards, stretches of railroad rights of way and rocky slopes that were never worth plowing. 

Much of the land has been burned over regularly—-such as that located on railroad rights of way. 

But with roots reaching down a dozen or more feet, the grasses and wildflowers have miraculous­ ly survived. 

Husbands less trustworthy9 
HUSBANDS are both less trusted and less trusting in marriage than wives. 
In a survey of 792 people, 
21 percent said that they ex­ pected men to be occasional­ ly unfaithful to their wives, but only 17 percent said that they expect women to be oc­ casionally unfaithful. 
The poll, for ABC TV, also showed that men have less trust in both husbands and wives than do women. 
Of the 378 men in the group, 28 percent said they expected men to be unfaithful to their wives, while only 15 percent of the 414 women agreed. 

Men are impatient, says driver study 
MALE drivers are more likely than females to run yellow lights, according to a new study. 
Psychologists from the Univer­ sity of California who observed 
144 drivers approaching a San 
Diego highway intersection found oung men, particularly, tried to eat the red. 
Under-3o males were also more inclined to speed towards the lights and get caught by the red. 
£ 
M V 1 

SINK IS STOLEN 
BURGLARS broke into the Kiddie 
Komer Day Care Center in Indi­ anapolis and took ’ nothing but the sink,” reported a center spokesman. 

Soap operes make life stand still each day for millions of viewers 

By IVOR KEY 
MILLIONS of fans of ABC's daytime soap opera All My 
Children fee! they are finally being treated as equals. 
Their favorite “ soap” — like 
Days Of Our Lives, 
Another 
World, As The World Turns, and 
One Life To Live — has been ex­ panded from 3o minutes to one hour each day. 
For devoted soap opera buffs, who include some (rf the nation’s most prominent people, an hour a day is none too much time for keeping track of the show’s char­ acters. 
Many viewers become so close­ ly involved that it affects their lives. 
A doctor asked Edge Of Night writers to stop killing off charac­ ters on the snow because one of his patients was agonizing over the deatlis. 
An angry fan of As The World 
Turns punched Eileen Fulton, the show’s evil Usa, in front of a 
Manhattan store. 
CBS had to cut out characters who were poor from their soaps because viewers were sending them truckloads of welfare par­ cels. 
When Susan Hayes of Days Of 
Our Uves spent weeks trying to decide whether to get an abortion, people who wanted her to have the baby sent her pictures of un­ born fetuses. 
And during the troubled rom­ ance of Alice Matthews and Steve 
Frame on Another World, one woman wrote: ‘‘Why don't you let them get married? 
“ Four times I’ve bought a new 

Days Of Our Lives: Susan Seaforth, Bill Hayes. 

 dress for the wedding. Four times 
I’ve bought champagne.” 
The soap operas are just fic­ tion? Tell that to addicts like Su­ preme Court Justice Thurgood 
Marshall, who often forsakes his court deliberations to absorb 
Days Of Our Uves. 
Or Sammy Davis Jr., who likes 
Love Of Life so much he guested on the show. 
Or former Texas governor John 
Connally, one of IO million As The 
World Turns fans. 
This chimp signs checks 

NICK CABRADE and his chimp Kokomo Jr. (above) are probably the most unusual business partners in America. The wealthy businessman is so attached to bis immaculately-dressed pet, he allows Kokomo Jr. to sign checks and make deposits for his million-dollar restaurant chain. 
When startled businessman in Carthage, N.C., are banded checks carrying the chimp’s scrawls they usually are quick to contact Car- tne....................... 
- - - .......................................... pampered simian. radt 's bank. But the bank staff are told to OK anything signed by the 

Nick Carrade, who trained chimpanzees for a living before becoming a successful restauranteur and entrepreneur, always introduces Koko­ mo Jr. as his “ partner” at conferences and board meetings. 
At home Carrade spends a lot of time in the branches of the chimp’s favorite tree. “ I do my best thinking up there,” he explained. 

Even in the austere Ivy League college, Princeton, a quarter of tile student body avidly watches 
The Young And The Restless. 
And when the creator of All My 
Children asked a group of Duke 
University students why they watched soaps, they replied: “ It’s the only constant in our lives.” 
The fervent link between soap operas and their 2o million fans makes these shows the most pow­ erful entertainment on TV. 
Lately, they have become more relevant ana realistic, dealing with such subjects as incest, abor­ tion and drug addiction. 
This has enticed viewers people with tising sponsors 

And networks need the daytime profits to finance expensive eve­ ning shows which lose money. 
For instance, while Kojak costs 
$25o,ooo an episode it brings in only $2oo,ooo. 
But one week of Days Of Our 
Lives costs NBC $17o,ooo and weekly advertising revenues are 
$6oo,ooo. 

Writers of soaps say characteri- their my s don’t produce* tears from the audi- 

 even more 
They in turn, entice the the money — adver- 

 zation is the key to their success. 
“ I’m disappointed if my shows 

 ence three times a week,” says 
William Bell, who conceived The 

Young And The Restless four years ago. 
Falken Smith, who writes Days 
Of Our Lives, denies most plots are stolen from old Barbara Stan­ wyck and Joan Crawford movies. 
“ I’ve been around for 5o years, married three times, and most people I know are living soap op­ eras,” she said. 
Charts of characters and avail­ ability of actors—they are guar­ anteed a number of appearances each week—guide the authors. 
The head writer breaks down a dense plot into brief outlines which are turned into scripts by his assistants. 
No matter how careful the writ­ ing system, however, strange things can—auld do—happen. 
Characters get lost for months, then return in situations where they have no business. 
Acting in soap operas is hard work. Each day’s show must be memorized, rehearsed and taped within 12 hours. 
But top stars are well-paid. Old­ timers lute Mary Stuart of Search 
For Tomorrow earn $1oo,ooo a year. Others get about $35,ooo. 
Soap operas have spun off a whole new segment of the publish­ ing industry to produce maga­ zines providing information about the shows. 
Largest of these is Daytime TV, with a circulation of 4oo,ooo. 
And the most unusual is Day­ time Serial Newsletter—$8 per year; 25,ooo subscribers—printed monthly by a California house­ wife, Bryna Laub. 
From eight TV sets, she tapes each show and reprints what hap- 
?ns so readers can catch up with snings they miss. 

THE TOP 14 SOAPS 

THESE are the Top 14 daytime soap operas, according to the 
Nielsen ratings, and the net­ works on which they appear: 
1. As The World Turns 
CBS 
2. The Guiding Light 
CBS 
3. All My Children 
ABC 
4. Search For Tomorrow CBS 
5. Another World 
NBC 
6. Young And Restless 
CBS 
7. One Life To Live 
ABC 
8. Days Of Our Lives 
NBG 
9. Ryan’s Hope 
ABC 
1o. General Hospital 
ABC 
11. The Doctors 
NBG 
12. Love Of Life 
CBS 
13. Edge Of Night 
ABC 
14. Lovers And Friends 
NBC 

Ifflmitioiisfef 
Wifedom to wail cool 

FRANCES WOODS has never heard the music to which she has danced professionally for 
48 years. 

Frances, 7o, is a deaf mute. 
And, for the past nine years, she has also had an artificial pace­ maker for her heart. But she’s still planning a busy summer. 

She and her husband are al­ ready engaged to dance and teach at the Northemaire Hotel Show­ boat in Three Lakes, Wis. 

Nor will their activity slow down next winter, when they plan 

Frances Woods does a turn with ber husband Bill Bray. 

 to teach a dancing class whose signed-up students already range from teenagers to a 72-year-old woman. 

Frances learned dancing from mg 
?ali< 

Leon Blissom and Toni Kaiem are on NBC’s Another World. appearances' 

 her husband, Anthony Caliquire now 73, who taught her to feel the music’s vibrations in wood floors and in static electricity on stone and marble floors. The couple lives in Youngstown, Ohio. 

Teacher and student married. 
And they danced so well together that they formed the professional team of Woods and Bray (his stage name is Bill Bray). 

During their long career, they have been accompanied in their dancing by such music greats as 
Wayne King, Ted Weems, Cab 
Calloway and Paul Whiteman. 

They performed at the Edge­ water Beach Hotel in Chicago during Lawrence Welk’s first pro­ fessional engagement. 

A highlight of their careers was when Robert Ripley dubbed them 
“The Wonder Dancers” in his Be­ lieve It Or Not feature, syndicat­ ed in newspapers throughout the country. 

They still bill themselves that way during all their professional 

Secret letter written by Groucho 
Marx reveals his faith in Erin 
By GEORGE GORDON 
AN AMAZING letter written three years ago by comedian 
Groucho Marx may be the key in a heated court battle for con­ trol of his affairs. 
Lawyers regard the previously secret letter as vital evidence in the case. It may reinstate Miss Erin Fleming, an aide to Groucho for seven years, as conservator of his property. 
Miss Fleming was temporarily stripped of that title recently by a judge in Santa Monica, Calif. His order names Nat Perrin, a Hollywood screenwriter and producer, as temporary conservator. 
THE STAR has learned that the letter is likely to come to light when 
Miss Fleming returns to court within the next few weeks to fight the order. 
It was written on Sept. 24, 1974 and the typed pages were simply di­ rected “To whom it may concern.” The letter reads: 
^ 1 Julius H. Marx, also known as 
Groucho Marx, presently live in my home at 1o83 Hillcrest Road, 
Beverly Hills (Calif ). I declare that I am not married and that my children have other needs and interests which render it inappro­ priate in my opinion, for them to act as my conservator. 
My home and affairs have for several years been supervised by 
Erin Fleming, in whose honesty, devotion and judgment I have great confidence. 
She is fully familiar with my business affairs, and she is aware of my personal needs and desires, including my wish that I may 

M Ty. 
V~. 
--------------- known as GROUCHOMARX) 

Groucbo’s signature on the letter. 

 spend the balance of my life time in my home. 
Accordingly, in the event that by reason of advanced age, ill­ ness, injury, mental or physical disability, or other cause, I should become unable properly to care for myself or my property, I nom­ inate Erin Fleming as conserva­ tor of my person and I nominate 

?ming and mal Trust 

Pets enjoy a better diet than humans, says vet 

PET foods are so nourishing that dogs and cats have a better chance of getting a balanced diet than humans do, says a veterinarian. 

If the label says Complete and Balanced, Completely Nutritious, or 
All Your Animal Needs, then the food is nutritionally sound, says Br. 
Michael Milts, chief veterinarian for the zoos in New York City. 

Pet foods bearing these and similar labels are far more nutritious than expensive table scraps, he xpensi told THE STAR: 
“It’s true that dogs and cats need meat to give them amino acids,” he said. “ But it must be remembered that in their natural habitat, they wouldn't eat meat alone. 
“ Feeding your dog just meat can result in a weakening of the bones leading to many fractures. 
And feeding a cat nothing but liv­ er can cause blindness.” 
Dr. Milts added: “Giving your pet table scraps is a bad idea. If you must do it for the fun of it, limit the scraps to two percent of his diet. 
“When the scraps become one- third of the diet, the animal will lose his appetite for more nourish­ ing foods. 
“Milk is not necessary to most pet diets. One out of three who drinx it get diarrhea. And cottage cheese or eggs may merely unbal­ ance the animal’s diet. 
“ If you want to give a nutrition­ al supplement, make it a vitamin pill. But don’t over do it. 
Large dog breeders went crazy in Calcium for a while, causing phosphorus deficiency and mal­ formed bones in their animals. 
“The daily amount of food each 

By DONNA LAWSON 

 animal requires varies according to climate and individual metabol­ ic rates. Like humans, some ani­ mals burn up calories faster than others. 
“Leave dry food out with a little water on the side, and most ani­ mals will self regulate their own diets. 
If animals didn’t learn to expect that special reward of getting stroked when they ate from the master’s hand, they wouldn’t ov­ ereat. 
“ But animals, like people, make food a symbol of love. Your pet will eat peaches from the ta­ ble, because he knows that action pleases you, not because he likes or needs them.” 
Dr. Milts added that giving an animal a variety of chicken, fish or beef pet foods does not mean he is necessarily getting a bal­ anced diet. 
Pet food manufacturers who offer such products are simply 
“appealing to the human need Tor variety,” he said. 
“Good for taste or the way a food looks can throw the consum­ er off to the important issue of nu­ trition.” 

Groucho Marx shares a happier moment with his aide and companion 
Erin Fleming. She’s now fighting for control rtf his estate, 

 ue in effect unless revoked by me prior to the necessity for its use, so long as I continue to reside in 
California or to have property in 
California requiring management by a conservator.^ 
Miss Fleming’s conservatorship was challenged in court by 
Groucho’s son Arthur. 
Two private detectives claimed they found syringes containing barbiturate at Groucho’s home. 
They said the drugs were not pre­ scribed by Groucho’s doctor. 
In addition, witnesses accused 
Miss Fleming of forcing Groucho to take the drugs and Badgering him, shouting obscenities at him and torment him. 
But others told a different sto­ ry 
Groucho’s brother, Zeppo, 74, said recently: “He was withering on the vine until she came along. 
And Groucho’s doctor, Morley 
Kert, testified in court: “I would be concerned about Mr. Marx’s progress if Miss Fleming were not available to look after him.” 
Miss Fleming, a woman in her late 3os, came to Hollywood as a budding starlet. She didn’t make it, though, and when Groucho di­ vorced his third wife, she joined his staff. 
At the time, Groucho was be­ coming a recluse. 
“I soon found out that Groucho needed me. I urged him to give up retirement ana do a one-man 

 ca National Trust and Savings As­ sociation, as co-conservators of my estate with full power to act for me in all capacities to maxi­ mum extent permitted under sec­ tion 1853 of the California Probate 
Code, and I request the Superior 
Court to appoint the foregoing as such conservators. 
I request that no bond shall be required of Erin Fleming as con­ servator. I furtter direct that if any person otter than the forego­ ing shall file a petition requesting the appointment of a conservator for me, then this letter may be presented to the court and the court shall consider it a written nomination, as provided in Cali­ fornia Probate Code, section 1752. 
I declare that I am presently of sound mind and able to form in­ telligent preference, that I have discussed my preference with my attorneys, and that the appoint­ ment of the nominees above, des­ ignated as conservators of my person and estate whenever re­ quired, shall be in my best inter­ est. 
This nomination revokes any and all previous nominations I may have made and shall contin- show,” Miss Fleming said. 

Carter plans same enerpy 
I answers psychics pave 

MANY of the energy crisis solu 

 wen 
Carter 

 lions being proposed by President 
Carter were predicted in advance for STAR readers by a panel of IO psychic experts. 
The psychics predicted in the 
March 29 edition that America’s future sources of energy would come from the sun, the stars, the sea and the earth’s core. 
Here are some of the energy al­ ternatives cited by THE STAR S 
'chics — and what President intends to do about them. 
SOLAR 
ENERGY: 
Carter wants tax credits for homeowners converting to solar heat, as well as a three-year, $1oo million pro­ gram to heat federal buildings with the sun. 
Psychic Angela Louise Gallo, director of the Church of Mind 
Awareness in North Hollywood, 
Calif., predicted: “The govern­ ment will make a massive effort to turn out an efficient low-cost solar energy cell.” 
GEOTHERMAL POWER. Cart er’s program would provide tax breaks for businesses that drill to tap the earth’s inner heat, and would support demonstration projects. 
Canadian psychic 
Dr. 
John 
Manolesco told STAR readers: 
“Heat from the earth’s core will be tapped and natural geysers will be harnessed.” 
NUCLEAR REACTORS: 
Tile 
President wants to step up inspec­ tions of reactors now operating while streamlining bureaucratic procedures for approving new plants. 
Adrienne Goldfarb, of 
Los 
Angeles, predicted: “Great in­ vestments in nuclear plants will be made by private business and government.” 
PHOTO-ELECTRIC 
CELLS: 
Tile administration intends to spend more in trying to develop a cheaper way to make electricity from the sun’s heat. 
The panel of psychics predicted that the energy crisis will be solved and that America will not decline or be forced to a standstill. 
Women want military combat duty 

Drawing a bead on her target, this cadet practices marksmanship for the day women may go to battle. 

THOUSANDS of Ameri­ can women are eager to assume combat roles in the armed forces, says a top U.S. woman officer who served in Vietnam. 
Women are presently barred from combat duty. 
“But in the future there will be many more women in the military,” 
Ll. Col. Verna Kellogg told THE STAR. 
“My personal view is that a woman should be able to enlist for a com­ bat role if she wants to.” Col. Kellogg said. 
“A lot of people are against this because they think it means put­ ting a woman in the trenches. 
That’s a wrong assumption. 
“Today’s sophisticat­ ed weaponry really re­ quires combat techni­ cians rather than the 

Ii. 
Col. 
Kellogg: 
‘ Women should have combat roles.* old-style combat soldier. 
A woman can be trained to perform skilled tasks like artillery spotting, radar operation, air­ craft maintenance and military intelligence just as well as a man.” 
At the present time there are 12,925 female officers and 93,119 en­ listed women in the U.S. armed forces. 

STAR LETTERS • STAR LETTERS • STAR LETTERS • STAR LETTERS 

MY husband and I always had trouble getting up in the morn­ ing. We would turn off the alarm and fall back to sleep. 
O le morning I was dreaming, and when the alarm rang, I in­ stinctively pulled all the covers off my husband. 
He started pulling the sheets back, and a tug-of-war began. By the time it was over, we were both awake. Now we use this method every morning. It’s a lot of fun and we both wake up laugh­ ing — Mrs. L.A. Duncan, Willis, 
Va. 
Pauley praised 

JANE PAULEY, the anchorper- son on the Today Show, is the best thing on television. She looks ter­ rific, she interviews well, and I love the banter between Jane, 
Tom Brokaw and Gene Shalit. 
I am thrilled to death that Bar­ bara Walters left to go to ABC. I never liked her anyway. — Ustis 
Lamont, New Orleans, La. 
Cbp's quip 

I WAS rushing to purchase some last minute things for my five- year-old son s birthday party. 
I parked my car in front of the store, dashed in, then out with my purchases and ran smack dab into a young policeman standing by my car writing in his notebook. 
“ Oh gosh officer,” I wailed. 
“What did I do?” He didn’t an­ swer, just folded the paper, hand­ ed it to me and pointed over his shoulder to the rear of my car. 
Puzzled, I stepped to the back of the car. and did a double-take. 
There, tethered to the rear bump­ er, was a ragged, sawed-off broom with a shiny Roy Rogers six shooter lashed to its halter. 
Remembering the note, 
I opened it and read: “ Dear Roy: 

Bed sheet tug-of-war helps wake us each morning 

 wonder he had his sleeves rolled up — his two matching buttons had come from his cuffs. By that time we were able to have a good laugh about the fight. — Sandra 
Hight, Dallas, Tex. 
Stickers 

Jane Pauley: Today Show host is tops to reader. See left. 

It is illegal to transport livestock on public streets without proper carriers. See you at the rodeo — 
Officer Kelly.”—Virginia Harris, 
Maywood, Calif. 
Male order 

I FOUND these instructions writ­ ten inside the cover of a textbook 
I was buying at a used book store: “If found by person, return by mail. If found by male, return in person.” — Betty White, Chica­ go, 111. 
Tied down 

WHENEVER anyone asks my dad what they should give him for 

 a present, he always says a neck­ tie. But when he actually has to wear a tie, he almost always shows up in his old faithful blue wie with white polka dots. 
When I asked him why, he ex­ plained: ‘‘Presents are just like postcards — they’re expressions of goodwill. No one expects you to wear them.” — Clive Spoy, Bal­ timore, Maryland. 
Faulty fountain 

THE drinking fountain at our school was famous for not work­ ing properly. When you pressed the button,- you often got a mighty squirt in your face, then the water would go down to a trickle. Final­ ly, someone put a sign on the fountain: “Ola Faceful.” — Wil­ liam Roberts, Laconia, N.H. 
Button up 

MY husband pulled his shirt off when we were having a fight and tore off two front buttons. He couldn’t find the buttons and I re­ fused to help him, or sew new ones on. 
“I’ll show you,” he said, and went in the den by himself. Later he emerged with his sleeves rolled up and perfect matching shirt buttons sewed into place. 
I couldn’t figure out his trick until I washed the shirt later. No 
Our daughter loved kitten, not his snoring 

WHEN our daughter, Amy, was four and moving into her own room to sleep alone for the first time, we bought a kitten to keep her company. 
We tucked them both in, Amy with her young hand on the kitten and the kitten purring away. M husband and I congratulated eac other and went off to bed feeling content. 
The next morning we asked 
Amy how she liked her purring pet. “He's nice,” Amy said, “but his snoring kept me awake most of the night.” — Joan Sampson, 
Los Angeles, Calif. 
Mot exactly 

MY 
GRANDDAUGHTER, age four, and our family were driving through the desert when we saw a bird hopping along the road. I told her it was a road runner. 
A while later, she saw another one and cried: “Oh Grandma look there’s another street walk- 

THE INCREDIBLE 
THINGS KIDS SAY 

 er.” — Ear Ii ne R. Pool, Yucaipa, 
Calif. 
Eat the wiggle 

LOREN, 3, was given a large quivering gelatin dessert with fruit. He ate the gelatin with gus­ to but left the fruit. 
I urged him to finish his gelatin. 
He said: “I don’t want any fruit. I just eat the wiggle out of it.” — 
Mary B. Uglow, Park City, Mont. 
Dog loses friend 

ONE day my five-year-old grand­ son walked into the house with a 
Your prayers are asked for 

MY FRIEND . . . who has epilepsy and people make fun of her, that 
God takes care of her.— B.R., New York. 
MY MOTHER . . . who had an operation on her throat, that she will get her voice back. — Robin Penna, Norwalk, Calif. 
MYSELF .. . that I overcome a nervous breakdown and not go back to drinking so I can get a job. — H.W., San Diego, Calif. 
MY FATHER .. . who is in the hospital with a heart attack, that every­ one will pray with me that he gets well.—Scott Thomas, Grafton, Ohio. 
OUR FRIEND CHARLES . . . who was in a motorcycle accident and 2o people gave blood and is in very poor condition, that your prayers will help him pull through. — Eugene Broadwater, Greenville, S.C. 
AND all the Star readers who asked for prayers. 

 balloon and my dog Duchess jumped up and burst it. 
My grandson angrily said: 
“Duchess, .you just lost a five- year-old friend.” —Ed Neumann, 
Bartlett. 111. 
Just a look 

SISSY, 6, came by to see us and brought two of her friends with her. She introduced them as cor­ rectly as any grown-up would, but immediately said: “Well, we got­ ta be going. We just came by 
’cause they wanted to see what you all look like.” —Mrs. J.M. 
Roberts, Columbia, Tenn. 
Piggy bank blues 

I RECENTLY mentioned to my six-year-old granddaughter that she had not been putting any mon­ ey in her piggy bank lately. 
Seriously she replied: “I can’t, 
Gramma, I have to save some money to spend.” —Ida Novotny, 
Oak Lawn, 111. 
$5 
FOR YOUR 
LETTERS 
WE PAY" $5 for each letter print­ ed. Address your letters to which­ ever section you are writing to; 
Things Kids Say. Please Pray For, or simply, Liveliest Letters, fol­ lowed by The San Antonio Star. 
P.O. Box 2171, San Antonio, Texas 
78297. 

HERE are some bumper stickers 
I’ve seen around St. Louis recent­ ly: 
• On a truck hauling manure: 
“Get a load of this.” 
• On a diaper service truck: 
“What pill?” 
• On a pharmacy delivery truck: “Don’t hit me, I’m taking medicine.”— Mildred Kitzinger, 
Vinita Park, Mo. 
Meter reader 

WHILE ordering lunch at a diner in Minnesota, I asked the wait­ 

 ress: 
“How much snow falls here?” She replied: “It gets about a meter deep.” 
I asked her where she had learned the metric system. She looked puzzled a moment, then pointed out the diner window at a parking meter. “That’s the meter 
I mean,” she said. — Kathy 
Smithson, New York City. 
Expensive picture 

MY husband walked into a frame shop and said: “I’d like a frame for an $18,ooo picture.” 
The young clerk gasped and said she would do her best. “I’m sure you will,” Ralph said as he handed the clerk our son’s college graduation diploma. — Donna 
Parks, Chicago, IU. 
Daffynitions 

HERE are my daffynitions: Prize winning dog—show arff; chil­ drens clothing store—heir dress­ ers; twin—infant replay; financial dilemma—bill pickle.—Beatrice 
Berger, New York, N.Y. 

CARTER WON BY A HAIR, 
SAYS EXPERT 

JIMMY CARTER won the presi­ dential election because of his hairstyle, according to a hairdres­ ser who tends the looks of top pol­ iticians and their wives. 

“People would have thought very differently of Carter if he had worn his hair like Gerry 
Ford,” said Robin Weir of Wash­ ington. 

Weir believes that a politician's haircut can influence his populari­ ty and career. 

He pointed to the new Chinese leader Hua Kuo Feng, who came back into favor when he grew his hair long in a Mao look-alike style. 
Chinese officials in Peking have 

 admitted to Western visitors that 
Hua’s new hairstyle was an at­ tempt to strengthen his claim as 
Mao’s successor. 
Weir said that Carter’s straw top. like the Kennedy brothers, is more in keeping with the Demo­ cratic image. “Democrats almost always tend to be more fashion­ able, more up-to-date,” he said. 
“Their dress and hairstyles tend to reflect their more liberal views. 
“Republicans tend to be more standard in dress and their hair­ styles more dated and conserva­ tive.” 

For a limited time! 

Now when you buy your class ring at Zales you can pick which of the options you want FREE! 

Offer available May 1 through May 31.1977. 
You must bring ad to store to be entitled to your free option. 

• Sunhte stone 
• Fi reburst stone 
• Encrusting 
• White Gold 
• Insert under stone 
• Golden signature 

Student accounts invited. 

Open a Zales account or use one of five national credit plans 
Zaes Revolving Charge • /.Ak* Custom Charge 
BankAmencarJ • Master Charge • Ante? -an if*, pres 
Diners Club • Carte Blanche * Layaway 

• 4oo1. HOUSTON 
• M 6 f. HOUSTON 
Shop Downtown 
Thor,. Evenings 
LA FERIA CENTER 
• W INDSOR PARK 
ZALIS 
The Diamond Store 

 rorh Free W ith Purpose Downtown 

• NORTH STAR M A Li 
• PERRIN PLA ZA 
• UNIVERSAL CITY 
• W ALNUT SQUARE 
New Brounfels, Tm. 

Amazing arthritis doctor discovers 

By ARLENE HECTOR 
A DOCTOR is curing the crippling pain of arthritis through a series of vaccinations and strict dietary rules. 
Soft-spoken Dr. George Moore said this week that he has treated 
3,2oo patients at his clinic since it opened in 1971 and has a 98 per­ cent success rate. 
Among the successes are: 
• Mrs. Eugene Ormandy, the wife of the famed conductor of the 
Philadelphia Symphony Orches­ tra, who came to Dr. Moore as a last resort. In less than a month she was back at her home, free of the pain that had plagued her for seven years. 
• Mrs. Mary Gajewski, 85, who suffered constant pain for IO years from rheumatoid arthritis, which left her fingers gnarled and crooked. Since she has been at 
Dr. 
Moore’s clinic in 
Palm 
Springs, Calif., she says: “I’ve been without pain for nine whole days.” 
But the 
49-year-old doctor stresses he is not offering a mira­ cle cure. “Anyone who claims he has a quick cure for arthritis is simply not telling the truth,” he said. 
“But my regimen, if followed carefully, alleviates the pain. And pain is the number one concern of the arthritis victim.” 
Dr. Moore explained that there are three common kinds of arthri­ tis: 
• Rheumatoid arthritis—a crip­ pling disease that causes inflam­ mation throughout the body, af­ fecting approximately 3.5 million persons, mostly women from the age of 35 on up. 
• Osteoarthritis—a disease that is limited to the joints. It eventu­ ally strikes everyone if they live long enough. It hits about ten mil­ lion victims a year. 
• Gout—a painful ailment af­ flicting elderly males and usually confined to the feet. It is not diffi­ cult to treat. 

 cure for crippling 

Dr. Moore with three happy patients. From left: Santos Vasqnez, who has lost the stiffness in his left hand; 
Candelaria Bios, 52, an arthritis sufferer who can now do gardening and housework; and Readons Lawson, 
€2, who has lost the pain in his back and now walks easier. 
HERE S HIS THREE-DAY DIET 

THE correct diet is an important part of Dr. Moore’s treatment. Here, exclusive for STAR is a three-day sample from his food plan for fighting arthritis pain: 
DAY OHE 
BREAKFAST 
Va cantaloupe or in sec- 

Dr. Moore specializes in rheu­ matoid arthritis. He told THE 
STAR. “The National Arthritis 
Foundation says there’s no known cause of rheumatoid arthritis. I believe differently. I think it’s due to either a virus or bacteria. 
“Either one acts like a forei invader attacking the body’s ce and joints. 
“I counterattack these invaders with bacterial and viral vaccines. 
These antibodies, or soldiers, build into a force of resistance which continually attacks the vi­ ruses or bacteria, eventually de­ stroying them—or at least keep­ ing them under control.” 
The vaccine Dr. Moore uses is not a radically new potion. It’s a combination of two vaccines: influenza viral vaccine (Types A and B) plus mixed respiratory vaccines. The patient receives three injections, five days to a week apart. 
The method requires the pa­ tient, in most cases, to receive a booster shot every three months for the rest of his or her life. Both vaccines have been available to doctors for more than 4o years. 
“It takes the swelling down and relieves the pain,” he said. 
Dr. Moore said that extensive lab work is done before a patient is given the vaccine. 
The National Arthritis Founda­ tion backs the traditional treat­ ments, such as cortisone and ster­ oids, although the side effects are uncomfortable. The Foundation refuses to endorse Dr. Moore’s 

SOQ 
I or 2 eggs raw la milk with uoo-BUtritive sweetening 
(soft boiled or poached, if de­ sired) 
I this slice of whole wheat bread 
I teaspoon fortified margarine 
Pere postern, or herbal tea 
Avoid beverages with caffeine 

 salad sandwich on whole wheat 

LUNCH 
I chicken 
(white meat) bread 
6 small lettuce leaves 
Vt cop cottage cheese 
I apple 
I cup skimmed milk or butler milk 

DINNER 
4 medium el ae shrimp 
3 medium slices roast chicken 
(white meat) 
4 brussels sprouts 
Vt cop canned beets 

I teaspoon fortified margarine 
Pere postern or herbal tea iOMHmtritive sweetening, if 

O f M lC V | . 

DAY TWO 
BREAKFAST 
Mi cup cairned pineapple joke 
I or 2 eggs, raw fas mitt with uoMCtttritive sweetening, if de- r iran ti 
Pere postern or herbal tea laon-nntrttive sweetening if de­ sired) 

LUNCH 
Vt cop apple Joice 
Vt cup cottage cheese 
4 small lettuce leaves 
Vt melon 
I cup skimmed mitt or butter­ milk 

DINNER 
Vt cup split peas soup 
Broiled haddock 
Vt cup brown rice 
Vt cup spinach 
1/3 small catealoupe 
I skimmed mitt 

 work, calling it experimental. 
But a spokesman admitted: 
“We cannot state that we have evidence that it is not effective.” 
Diet plays an important second­ ary role in Dr. Moore’s treat­ ment. 
“We fight the infection with the vaccines, but tissue needs rebuild­ ing, and that’s the purpose of a special diet,” he said. 
The diet forbids red meats 
(which contain purines that pro­ mote inflammation), coffee, tea, sugar and honey. Recommended foods are uncooked and unpro­ cessed fruits, vegetables and 

 ins, raw milk, poultry ises of vitamins and sea- and daily doses and minerals. 
The cost for Dr. Moore’s entire 

DAY THREE 
BREAKFAST 
Vt cup apple Juke 
I cop all-bran flakes 
I cup skimmed milk 
I sBce whole wheat toast 
I teaspoon fortified margarine 
Peru postern or herbal tea 
(AQB-Butritivt sweetening, if desired) 

LUNCH 
I cup bouillon 
Vt cup cottage cheese 
I small lettuce leaves 
Sardines or salmon 
I cup skimmed mitt or butter­ milk. 

DINNER 
I cup tomato juice 
Cod Fish 
Baked white potato 
Vt cup yellow turnip 
Vt cop spinach 
Vt grapefruit 
Per© postern or herbal tea 
(nonantritive sweetening, lf 

 treatment is $5oo. The fee covers the full series of ten visits as well as hospital lab tests and booster shots for a year. 
The early-warning signs 

THESE are the early warning signs of rheumatoid arthritis: o Persistent pain and stiffness on arising in the morning. 
• Swelling in one or more joints. o Pain or tenderness in one or more joints. 

 o Pain and stiffness in the neck, lower back, knees and other joints. o Tingling sensations in the fin­ gertips, hands and feet. 
• Recurrence of any of these symptoms, especially when they involve one or more joints. 

World’s top autograph hunter rates the stars 

MOVIE stars, politicians and oth­ er VIPs who want to find out what they’re really worth should con­ sult autograph expert Charles 
Hamilton. 
Henry Kissinger, for example, rates just $2o And Paul Newman wouldn’t even get into double fig­ ures. 
On the other hand, a Greta Gar­ bo signature is so rare that it would be worth $15o So would a 
Humphrey Bogart. And a William 
Shakespeare would fetch up to $ I million—because only five of the bard’s signatures have ever been found. 
Hamilton is one of the world’s leading authorities on autographs, letters and manuscripts of the famous and infamous. 
He can tell a fake Mark Twain at three paces, and knows the handwriting of Thomas Jefferson and Abraham Lincoln as well as he does his own. 
He prices autographs and let­ ters on historical interest and rar­ ity. 
“Movie stars and television per­ sonalities generally don't fetch very high prices,” he said. 
“There are a few exceptions. 
Letters by both Groucho Mam and W.C. Fields were always in­ teresting and are probably worth something. 
“But most of the stars’ signa­ tures are meaningless—showing nothing more than they can write their names.” 
The 63-year-old collector, who sells the letters of the famous al auctions in New York’s Waldorf 
Astoria Hotel, said that one of the most valuable signatures in the world is that of Jimmy Carter’s because it’s so rare. The Presi­ dent normally uses the autopen, a mechanical instrument that can reproduce as many as 3oo facsim­ ile signatures in a day. 
“Every President since John F. 
Kennedy has used the autopen he said. 
“Genuine signatures by them are rare. 
“Carter’s signature is now very valuable. If someone has a hand­ written letter from him on White 
House stationery I could get $3,ooo or $4,ooo for it.” 
_ 
______ 
A penny test for your tires 

THERE are two easy ways to test your auto tires for safety and good gas mileage, says Gordon 
Hayden, an engineer with Good­ year Tire and Rubber Company. 
To test the tread of a winter tire, insert a Lincoln penny with the 
Lincoln 
Memonal upside down into tread groves. If the top of the Memorial shows above the tread, the tread is not deep enough to provide any better trac­ tion than a new regular car tire. 
To measure the tread of a regu­ lar tire, turn the penny around, with the head of Lincoln facing you upside down. 
Insert the penny into the tire groove and if the top of Lincoln’s head shows above the groove, your tire is not only dangerous but costing you gas mileage, says 
Hayden. 
.•-*»«.= 

FORD’S 1978 COMPACTS i«y%, 
. 
-r 
■ t 
■ 
; 
* J. ■ ~ 
•, 
. 
. * 
Top TV girls reveal ups and downs of growing up with their moms 
■ 
By CHRISTINA KIRK 
SOME of television s top women stars have revealed how their relation­ ships with their mothers led to both happiness and heartbreak while they were growing up. 
Penny 
Marshall: 
In a series of frank interviews, Penny Marshall and Cindy Williams of Laverne 
Baby of the family. 
And Shirley, Charlie’s Angel Kale 
Jackson and Torn Tennille of the 
Captain, and Tennile described the ups and downs of their child­ hoods. 
Penny 
Marshall, talking to 
Rona Barrett on ABC TV, said: 
“I’m the baby of the family...and a mistake. I was not planned on. I think I was told that as a child — 
“You weren’t supposed to be had’’ — I thought: “Oh, gee, thanks.’’ 
“My mother had a dancing school in the basement of our building. I was jealous that her attention went to 3oo other kids and I resented being compared with them. 

Cindy 
Williams: 
Temper tantrums. 
Kate Jackson: A lot 
Toni Tennille: Closer of love. now. 

1978 Ford Granada: Quad rectangular headlights and a new grille. 

1978 Mercury Zephyr: Has the same body as the Ford Fairmont. 

But Ford’s stars for ‘78 are ex­ pected to be the Fairmont and Ze­ phyr. Although in the same size range as present American com­ pacts, they may be pitted against 
General Motors’ 1978 down-sized intermediates. 
William o. Bourke, Ford Motor 

Visitor from outer space drops in 
A HUGE meteorite has been discovered in Antarctica by a team of 
American and Japanese scientists, the 898-pound object was found in 
33 fragments in a desolate mountain area near McMurdo, the main 
U.S. scientific base in Antarctica. The meteorite is the largest ever to be found on the continent. The team also found fragments from IO other meteorites in the area. 

 worked at this very nice restau­ rant and she would smell so won­ derful. I thought she was very motherly and the most beautiful woman in the world.” 
Rate Jackson said: “I guess I might have made a little trouble when I was growing up. I was not a juvenile delinquent, but if things got a little dull, I had quite an imagination. 
“My mother looks like Scarlet 
O’Hara. There are pictures of her in the University of Alabama yearbook when she was one of the beauties there. 
“There was a great deal of af­ fection in my family. 
There wasn’t all that much hugging and kissing at the drop of a hat, but there was a lot of love there.” 
Toni Tennille said: “ My mother did the disciplining in our house. 
My father never laid a hand on any of us. 
“If we came home late, my mother would say: ‘Go to your 
-oom,” and then she’d tell Es- 
>lle, the lady who worked for us: o out in the back and get a 

 switch off the tree.’ My sister and 
I would crawl under the bed and wait. She d make us wait a good half hour. Then we d hear foot­ steps coming down the hall, and wed say: ‘You’re going to be first,’ and mother would say: 
OK, who is first?’ 
“ My remembrances when I was quite young were of my mother, smelling of perfume and all dressed up to go out with my father. 
“I was never really able to con­ fide in my parents when I was young. Now that I have matured and I’m a woman now, I find my­ self very, very close to my moth­ er because 
I understand her more. 
“Daddy was more open with af­ fection than mother was, much more. They were both conserva­ tive, but he was more the one to put his arm around you and give you a hug than mother was. 

“I remember my mother telling- me once: When you get married, marry a man who loves you more than you love him.’ ” 

“If I did something, she would say: ‘Does Rebecca Laurie do that?’ ‘Does Lois Rosenberg to that?’ She had 3oo kids to choose from. I’d say: ‘No, but this one does.’ 
“She thought parent-wise she was very competent. You know, she’d tell me things like: Stand up, set your hair, you dress bad.’ 
“I wouldn’t say there was love in the household. I didn’t feel it. 
I don’t know if my parents liked each other that much. They yelled a lot. But love? Probably not. 
“My mother is a lot of fun. 
She’s the one with the sense of hu­ mor in the family. Very sarcastic. 
“If my father and mother were yelling, she would be the one who would go to the window, open it up and yell ‘You hear that, Mrs. 
Whoever, he’s yelling.’ And it was funny. I mean she was funny, is still very funny.” 
Cindy Williams, Kate Jackson and Toni Tennille were also inter­ viewed by Rona Barrett. 
Cindy Williams told her: I need­ ed a great deal of attention as a child. I think most performers do. 
My mother and father worked all the time and I was very shy so I wanted their attention. 
“I used to have terrible temper tantrums when I was a child. I’m sure that was because of this need for attention. But my mother and father would throw water in my face. 
“My father wanted me to get a job as a secretary and make a good living. He didn t want me to suffer any hardships like he and my mother had suffered. 
“My mother was always sort of a gambler. Well, go ahead, roll the dice,’ she’d say. ‘See what comes up.’ And everytime I’d crap out, shed say: Maybe you should go to secretarial school.’ 
“I remember smells from my mother. She would come home from work and she would smell like prime rib because she 

Little Orphan Annie hits Broadway pokes fame 
In lier stride 

BROADWAY’S hottest new star Andrea McAr- dle (right) embraces ac­ tress 
Dorothy 
Loudon after the opening last month of the new smash hit, Annie. 

The musical, based on the classic cartoon strip, little Orphan Annie, re­ ceived rave reviews — most of them aimed at 
13-year-old Andrea. 
She plays the title role of the spirited, Brillo- headed waif. 
Andrea, who used to ap­ pear in the TV soap op­ era Search For Tomor­ row, said: “I like being a star.” 

1978 Ford Fairmont: Three-piece taillight and new-look headlights. 

1978 Mustang II breaks tradition with new nose of flexible plastic. 
By CHARLES BROWN 
FORD Motor Company joins the down-sizing race next year with two new compacts. 
Called the Ford Fairmont and 
Mercury Zephyr, they mark the 
No. 2 automaker’s first effort to design cars for the oil-short 
America of tommorrow. 
Meanwhile, Ford plans superfi­ cial changes for its fancier com­ pact, the Granada, and its sales- lagging sporty subcompact, the 
Mustang II. 
As can be seen from these sneak preview photos taken near 
Ford headquarters in Dearborn, 
Mich., the Granada will get quad rectangular headlights for ‘78. 
That change, plus a new grille, will give the square-styled com­ pact a family resemblance to the 
LTD II and Thunderbird. 
The facelift slated for the Mus­ tang II changes its front end for the first time since its 1974 intro­ duction. 
The Mustang’s new nose resem­ bles its cousin, the Ford Pinto, as well as the Chevy Camaro. But it’s functional. Made from flexible plastic, it would minimize dam­ age in minor fender-benders. 

 executive vice president, de­ scribed the new cars to the trade paper, 
Automotive 
News, this way: 
“Our new family of cars are compacts by today’s definitions, but will be mid-sized when the in­ dustry completes its down-siz­ ing.” 
While Ford advertising has tout­ ed the Granada as a lower-priced 
Mercedes, the new ‘78 compacts will feature the large glass areas favored by most other European cars. 
Built on a 1o5-inch wheelbase, 
Fairmont and Zephyr models will include two and four-door sedans plus a station wagon. 

The new models are expected to weigh 3,ooo pounds — that’s 4oo pounds less than the Dodge Aspen and 2oo pounds less than the 
Chevrolet Nova, its closest ri­ vals. 
Prices for the new autos are ex- ted to start below $4,ooo with ic engine, the 14o-cubic-inch four-cylinder used in Ford sub­ compacts. 

★ 

★ 

★ 

★ 

★ 

★ 

★ 

★ 

★ 

★ 

★ 

★ 

★ 

¥ 

¥ 

¥ 

¥ 

 barbar a<arrand 
WRITES IN DEFENSE 
OF VIRGIN BRIDES 

• BARBARA CARTLAND is the world s best-selling au­ thor of romantic fiction: 38 million copies of her novels have been sold in America. She is a great champion of romantic love, and the author of more than 2oo novels, all featuring virginal heroines and dashing young heroes. In this special article, she explains why men will always pre­ fer “pure” wives: 
By BARBARA CARTLAND 
IT SHOULD have been obvious to anyone who had studied human behavior that the downward trend to pornography would be followed by an upsurge to romance. 
Yet the Romantic Age, which began two years ago, took writers, composers, publishers, theatrical and film producers by surprise. 
Walt Disney said: “Every time they make a por­ nographic film, I make money." And I am con­ vinced that every time women look at vulgar, filthy, degrading pornography they buy a “Barbara Cart- land." 
In the past two years the sales of my novels have leaped into astronomical figures and have now reached 7o million, 

 be raffish, profligate and licen­ tious, should it please them. 
But what a man has looked for in his mistress in the past is quite different from what he has re­ quired of his wife. Only in this generation have there been no barriers and little difference be­ tween the two. 
Yet the change is coming and, with tile swing back to romance, promiscuity, like the crude vul­ garity of pornography which de­ grades women, inevitably be­ comes out of date. 
When one cannot go any lower, or be more nude than nude, the 
“fig-leaf ’ becomes attractive and virtue replaces evil. 
The whole process is symbol­ ized by the image employed in ev­ ery religion — that of the virgin. 
It is not only an attribute of the body, it is a state of mind. 
In their efforts to be free, mod­ em and the equals of men, wom­ en have thrown away not only their virginity but also their mys­ tique. 
This is something which has motivated them into creating beauty which contains something of the divine in music, prose, verse and art. 
It is women who inspired the great masterpieces in every known culture and the most ec­ static and ethereal building in the world, the Taj Mahal. 
The reason why we live today in a dull, drab, mediocre universe containing few geniuses and fewer personalities is to be found in the very inferior women produced by the last two generations. 
We can make a million excuses and give endless explanations for the scarcity — women want to be breadwinners, to have a ca­ reer, to wield power to achieve success. This is possible, but al­ ways at the expense of the man. 
In time we may produce a Su­ per-woman. But in doing so we will lose the Superman, for he is only super, only at his greatest, when his spiritual capabilities are accentuated by the pure, mystical perfection of his ideal — The Vir­ gin Woman. 

Twenty-six new novels will appear in Britain this year. I am a bestseller in Europe, North America, and also in Turkey, Singapore, India, the Philip­ pines and Sri Lanka. Why? Because all my heroines are virgins. 
The demand is not surprising men have always insisted and el en to be pure, but this wild ant 
West is unprecedented. About 15 years ago, publish­ ers told their romantic authors that they should “go modern" and write about divorce and unsancti­ fied love — I refused. 

 in the East, where 
•xpected their wom- ntnusiasm from the 

Barbara Cartland, queen of romantic novelists. She says: “I have yet to meet a man who (bd not want his wife to be different from the good-time girls." 
Why women -and men - want more romance in their lives 

“I was brought up in the twen­ ties,” I said. “We were innocent and there was no question of pop­ ping in and out of bed promis­ cuously. I am not disputing that today it happens — I just do not think it is romantic!” 
The result was that when the 
Romantic boom burst, I had more than 15o virgins in print! 
“It’s very untrue to life and modem thought,” the critics scoff. But is it? 
I have yet to meet a man who did not want his wife to be differ­ ent from the “good-time” girls with whom he amuses himself. 
I have yet to talk to a woman who doesn’t long for an over­ whelming, ecstatic love from a man who worships her as his ideal and his inspiration. 
It is the idealized woman which every man puts in a secret shrine and worships as his wife, as the mother of his children, as his guide and inspiration. 
However much “Women’s Lib” may talk of equality of the sexes, it is, as it happens, medically im­ possible for men and women to be equal when it comes to sex. 
A man can “make love” with­ out it being anything but a physi­ cal action. It can mean no more to him than a good or bad meal, and is as quickly forgotten. 
For a woman, love-making, however brief, however light­ hearted, means an emotional in­ volvement, which is both physical and mental. This is why to “sleep about” affects a woman’s charac­ ter and personality. 
I know and understand the diffi­ culties which confront the modem girl when a man asks and expects her to go to bed with him for the first or second time they meet. 
“ If I refuse,” one girl told me miserably, “he says he won’t ask me out again.” 
This means that the girl is giv­ ing herself in return for a dinner or a dance. Surely a very cheap form of prostitution? 
“ Everybody does it” is the 

 most insidious form of corruption to which far too many foolish young women fall victim. It is wiser to remember that every man who says “do” has a mother who has said to him: “Nice girls don’t!” 

There is no doubt that deep in the heart of every woman is a yearning to be courted and wooed. 

Perhaps it is a “throwback” to the time when woman was wor­ shiped as a goddess by all the eth 

 mc groups from whom our own civilization grew. 
Personally I want to be loved, adored, worshiped, cosseted and protected. Judging by the Roman­ tic boom, this is what women all over the world want, too, and I am quite sure it is what eventual­ ly they will get. 
The pendulum will swing as it always does, and in Five to IO years’ time it will be fashionable to be a virgin. 
It is then we will go back to 

 high standards, noble ideals and decency. They all begin on a foun­ dation of female chastity. 

The reason we have pornogra­ phy at all is entirely due to wom­ en failing to do their job as the guardians of morals. 

Men, since the beginning of time, have been the hunters, the providers, the protectors, the masters in their own houses and of their own women. 
They have also been allowed to 

Huteiigetsa supercr 

TV SUPE for a scrips in this before, art’s sale," he 

JPERCOP David Seal has Anally toot his cover. Hi had his sol 
Abn be to to make in Britain. Soul, 33, win plays Hutch in the i, says he didn’t Uke the operation one bit. tie doesn’t look at operation and after series our 
I sadly. “The Abn is set go.*1 in the Aim, Mud, he plays a sailor w 

(den locks cut short 
Starsky And Hutch all happy about it her caught. “It had to be done for 
1333 add my hair and sideburns just had to rho plans a two miUioa dollar robbery. 

Twenty questions to tell if you’re getting the most from life 

EVER wonder if you’re getting the most out of life? Here’s a quiz that can help you find out. Psychologists tell THE STAR that many people today are missing out on life. The' 
They are letting the joys and excitement pass them by. If you are one of them, tliis test may be your first step on the road to better living. Answer each of the following questions with a “Yes”, “No”, or “Not Sure” response. TTien find out now did by reading what each score means. 
I. DO you go out of your way to ll. If you were left on your own 

 you 

 meet new people and visit strange places? 
2. IF old friends turn up unexpect­ edly — and catch you looking your worst — are you still delight­ ed to see them? 
3 CAN you honestly say that within the last ten days you have gone out of your way to do some­ one a good turn? 
4. IX) you really enjoy your work? 
5. DO you enjoy such things as a walk in the rain and the sight of the sun setting over the sea? 
6. DO you enjoy the smell of burn­ ing leaves and the feel of silk next to your skin? 
7. ARE you sometimes moved to tears by a passage in a book or a scene in a movie? 
8. DO you like making love? 
9 WHEN things go wrong for you, do you regard it as a challenge rather than a set-back? 
IO. DO you often find that there are not enough hours in a day to do all you would like to do? 

 for a weekend, would you be thor­ oughly bored? 
12. WOULD you say that you are inclined to think more about the past than the future? 
13. DOES the company of small children fidget and irritate you? 
14. DO you regard people as fool­ ish if they lavish affection on pet animals? 
15. DO you envy those who are better off than yourself? 
16. DO you regard classical music and poetry as dull and uninterest­ ing? 
17. DO you dislike spur-of-the- moment invitations ana last-min­ ute changes of plan? 
18. DO you tend to avoid sports, games and pastimes you feel you are not very good at? 
19. DO you dislike getting out of bed in the morning? 
2o. GIVEN good health, would you prefer to be rich rather than ex­ ceptionally talented? 

HERE’S HOW YOU SCORE 

GIVE yourself three points for each “Yes” , one point for each 
"No”, and two points for each “ Not Sure” on questions 1-1o. 
Give yourself three points for each “ No” , one point for each 
“Yes”, and two points for each “Not Sure” on questions 11-2o. 

51 or MORE: You are one of the shrinking number of clever, fortunate truly remarkable people who plays the Game of Life to the fullest. You wake each morning looking forward to the day ahead. Your only regret when you go to bed at night is that there have not been more hours in the day. You enjoy both your work and your leisure. You love the company of others, but are not bored if left to your own devices. You know that there is more to life than pop music and television, though you probably enjoy both in moderation. Most of all, you enjoy being alive — and being you! 
46-5o: You get a lot out of life — more than many other people — but not quite as much as you could if you really played the Game of Life to its limit. Somewhere, somehow, you are missing out on things, though only to a small degree. Put that right and you will really enjoy every minute of every hour of every day. Ask yourself where you are going wrong. If your work frustrates you, change it. If there are times idle or bored, fill your life with something fresh such as new interests and new people. But remember that you should also give yourself time to stand and stare — provided always that you are aware and appreciative of what you are staring at. 
36-39: You are missing out on a lot in the Game of Life; perhaps be­ cause you are lazy — mentally, physically or both — or perhaps be­ cause you are nervous of trying new things, meeting new people and absorbing new ideas. You need to take a good hard look at yourself and your way of life. Having taken that look, you need to do something about what you see. Stir yourself up, discard some of your inhibitions, become a participant rather than merely a spectator in tire world around you. Do that and you will be amazed at how much more you will get out of life and how much more you will enjoy each truly precious day. 
29 or less: You are not only missing out on life, but are not even aware of what you are missing. Compared with what it might be with even a little more effort on your part, your life is desperately dull and empty. 
And the problem is that you don’t even know it — and will probably not believe it even now that you have completed this quiz. 

M O H L SAU OF T K CFN TURY’ 
Co., which built and is now oper­ ating the 8oo-mile, $7.7 billion pipeline, says the merchandise is no longer needed. 
But small bidders won’t be wel­ come at this sale of the century. 
A company spokesman says: 
“We are simply not in a posi­ tion to provide answers to most of the questions they'd ask.” 

 tpany that built the Alas- 
„.i pipeline is planning an 
$8oo-million spring closeout sale. 

More than 2o.ooo items will be put on the market ranging from trucks to deluxe two-seater outh­ ouses, and from furniture to Arc­ tic clothing. 

The Alyeska Pipeline Service 

Jackie steps out- 

* 
Trend-setter Jackie caused a sensation at a benefit concert at 
Lenox Hill Hospital in New York with this daring, bareshoulder look designed by Valentino.^ 

% 
Out politicking, Jackie v pie gaberdine outfit at save New York’s Grai station from demo! 

JACKIE 
ONASSIS is si breaking new fashion grou 
— and a few fashion rules whether she’s at a meeting, rally or just strolling down I avenue. 
Jackie wore the dotted crepe chine evening pajamas iphc left) to a planning com mitt meeting last month for a bene concert, aiding the Institute 
Sports Medicine, at New Yo 
City's Lenox Hill Hospital. 
The tunic features an off-th shoulder neckline and sleev gathered at the wrist. Columni 
Earl 
Wilson thought it w£ 
‘‘spectacular,” especially the wa it revealed her wide shoulders. 
A spokesman for designer Va entino, who is credited with ti creation, said that the bare shou ders were daring, fashionabl< and feminine. 
Other Jackie watchers wer less impressed and said the outf made her look “hippy.” Top Ne 
York fashion designer Jacque 
Bellini commented: “It make 
Jackie’s hips look big, eve though she has a marvelous bod} 
“Though crepe tends to slw every imperfection, the necklin enhances her feminine shoulders 
But this outfit is not good fo 
Jacqueline Kennedy Onassis o anyone in the limelight. It wouli be better for a 17-year-old. 
“Dotted with tiny white daisies it is very busy to the eye, so th< 

'n pajamas 

 im- 
Even out on a casual stroll down fashionable Madison to mjL* 
Avenue, Jackie looks slim arid very chic in a casual tral outfit that is typical Jackie O, jNote the outfit of the woman behind too! 

Movie toughies ond other stars reveal their secret fears 

“I WAS scared as Hell,” said actor James 
Brolin after filming this scene from the movie Capricorn One. The scorpion's stin­ ger was clipped before the scene, but it was still dripping poison when it crawled over him. "I wasn't hurt bul it gave me the most horrible feeling in the world,” the actor added. 

Scorpion haunts actor 
Daring or hippy-top designers disagree 

>p might be worn with plain ants. The black satin bag is for i evening in New York, but the ants suit is for slimmer in Palm . arings.” 
The Valentino spokesman, de­ riding the dotted evening paja- las, told THE STAR: “The tunic actually not long enough to hide ie hips, but it s still the perfect ok for the woman who is thin ad tall.” 
The cost of the two-piece set is lout $5oo and should ne worn for icktails or dinner. 
Jackie’s outfit worn to a rally save New York City’s Grand intral Station (photo, center) is am Valentino's ready-to-wear 
Election. The jacket-type blouse of wool gabardine in a terra tta (brownish orange) color. 
The pants, also of gabardine, e a creamy white. Under the nic Jackie is wearing a pure k shirt also in terra cotta. The ree-piece outfit retails for about 
OO. 

“This is stunning,” said 
Jacques Beplini. “It is a well- coordinated morning outfit with clean, simple lines. 
“In simplicity is greatness. 
This is more Jackie — She should stay simple,” 
The Valentino spokesman said the outfit is pot as dressy as Jack­ ie's crepe; evening pajamas, but more formal than what she wears when she’s walking or shopping. 
In the photo at right, Jackie looks very thin and stylish even in casual dress as she strolls down 
New York’s fashionable Madison 
Avenue. 
Valentino calls this the Euro­ pean look for the working woman. 
The pants are navy blue gabar­ dine retailing for about $16o. The blouse, of white cotton and gath­ ered in the front, sells for about 
$ 1oo. * 
The* sweater , looks sporty tied over the"shoulders (note the wom­ an also caught in the photo — she too has the same look) but Jack­ ie’s sweater is of pure cashmere, probably about $15o, and color- coordinated with her navy pants. 
The leather bag is Gucci. 
Jacques Bellini says the sweat­ er tied around the neck is an imi­ tation of college students in the 
193o’s. 
“The look is very typical Jack­ ie,” said Bellini. “ It’s very fine — sporty, elegant, and chic. 
It’s beautiful for strolling on a Sunday morning in New York.” 

By ROBIN LEACH 
HOLLYWOOD’S top stars, including those who portray characters with nerves of steel, are often not as tough as they appear on the screen. 
Most of them have secret fears just like the rest (rf us. THE 
STAR discussed this with 13 of them. Here’s what terrifies them most. 
JOHN WAYNE: ‘T m afraid of women. When you’re a young man, in your teens, you flex your arm and say: ‘Feel that muscle, honey. Now do you know who's boss?’ 
“The girl will give you a big smile and say: ‘Why, of course, darling, you are.’ Don’t you be­ lieve it! 
“A woman lives and loves by her wits. And when it comes to plain, natural brains on the sub­ ject of sex, a woman is smarter than a man any time. That's why 
I’m afraid of them.” 
TELLY SA VALAS: “My big­ gest fear is that one day I’m going to find I need more than two hours of sleep a night. Some­ times I can go three nights at a stretch without any sleep. I love long late nights. 
‘‘My fairyland of work runs from 7 a.m. to 7 p.m. but then my real life begins. I get all the rest and relaxation I need in front of the camera and cat naps between scenes so at night I can really let 

So- 
.ft. 
“It’s insanity but there s not enough time to live life to the full. 
I love telephone calls in the mid­ dle of the night. Td worry if I slept half my life away like most people do.” 
HENRY FONDA: “ I have that secret fear that something will go wrong with my trusty heart pace­ maker and that I’ll topple over. 
“With the pacemaker, I can stay up until 4 a m. and still be in great shape the next day, I hope it lasts me for another IO years. 
Without it, I’d be dead and bur­ ied.” 
AL PACINO: “I’m frightened of the pain of a needle being stuck in my arm. Feelings of ex­ citement or disappointment are non-existent compared with the thoughts of pain from a needle: 
‘I don’t get frightened picking up live mice in a brown bag, but there’s something very frighten­ ing about a needle. - ’ 
EV EL KNIEVEL: “My great­ est fear is that I’ll die before I can spend all my millions of dol­ lars. Then some lazy, fat banker will take the money I have left and move into my house. 
“If God had meant for us to save money he would have put handles on it like a suitcase.” 
AUDREY 
HEPBURN: 
My biggest fear is a slow death. In my movie Robin and Marion it al­ most happened. 
“The horse I had pulling my covered wagon was supposed to come to a halt at a little river. In­ stead it panicked, tipping the cart into the water. 
“It was like a slow motion mov­ ie going underwater. I was pulled down with waterlogged clothes and the cart’s canvas. 
“I thought it was all over until I 

Savalas 

 was pulled clear at the last mo­ ment by a cameraman.” 
CONNIE STEVENS: “My big­ gest fear is waking up and finding out ail the showers in the world have vanished. There’s something about taking a hot shower and let­ ting the water beat over you that 
I love.” 
BURT BACHARACH: “Id be in shock and fear if I found a cab driver whistling one of my tunes and didn’t recognize me as his passenger while doing it.” 
RAQUEL WELCH: “My big gest fear is that one day I’ll real­ ly understand what love is. 
“It should always stay a mys­ tery because it involves so many things. It affects people in so many ways and that’s what makes it so marvelous. If we un­ derstood it, all of its excitement would vanish. 
LAUREN BACALL: 
“I fear being alone in the house at night, 

Robert Shaw 

 sometimes Even dogs don't help 
The fear is there. 
“ I fear speeding when someone else is doing the driving. I fear being a flop, both as a person and an actress, the inner fear I sup­ pose everyone has. 
“I fear height. Sometimes it doesn’t bother me, but whenever 
I’m on the top floor of a hotel and walk out on one of these balconies and look down, I’m afraid.” 
FRANK 
SINATRA: 
“ I am afraid of the American game: 
‘He's on top now, knock him off.’ 
People root for you going up so they can knock you off later.” 
ROBERT SHAW, star of Jaws, who is currently completing a novel about the elderly . “My sor­ row is that unless the treatment of old people becomes completely different, an already terrible situ­ ation will get even worse. 
“I’ve seen old people sleeping on beds of bricks among filth from rats and cockroaches. I ve seen old people look as if they were in a concentration camp 
I’ve seen a woman stabbed to death by teenage thugs. 
“That is real fear. I hope my book disturbs enough people so that treatment for old people gets better.” 
MARLENE DIETRICH: 
The things that frighten me are stu­ pidity, superficiality, people who don’t know their jobs.” 
Connie Stevens 

Sailors survive 42-hour ordeal that killed their five friends 
A SHIPYARD worker told this week how he and a friend survived two days clinging to their capsized boat after seeing the five others on board drown. 
Marvin McLeod, 27, of Pascagoula, Miss., told THE STAR he was able to survive because of 
“basic human determination and a belief in the power of the Lord.” 
The group was fishing 7o miles off louisiana when their boat capsized in shark-infested waters. For the next 42 hours, McLeod and John Spratley of Gautier, Miss., battled the waves and prayed for help to arrive. 
But five others were washed away to die. They were Vanessa Byars, 18, and Jocelyn Sands 
21, of Pascagoula; Susan Barron, 17, and Paul McLeod, 23, of Moss Point, Miss.; and Ronnie 
Waller, 28, of Escatawpa, Miss. The boat, which was purchased by McLeod a week earlier, r leak went over after water leaked into* its gas tank. High waves then splashed water on the deck and all aboard pitched in to bale out the vessel. 
But another high wave caused all the water on board to shift to one side and the boat rolled over. 
“ All I can remember thinking was ‘Thank God everyone’s wear­ ing life jackets,’ ” McLeod said. 
He said he struggled against the waves and retrieved a rope. 
Then he tied it from bow to stem so the others would have some­ thing to hold onto. 

As they clung to the rope, one of the girls noticed three sharks about 3o yards away. 
“They were about 15 feet long,” 
McLeod said. “They are tire kind that have been known to attack humans in tire area.” 
As the sharks circled them, a small fishing boat appeared about a quarter of a mile from the cap­ sized craft. 
“ Everyone screamed and waved but the boat sailed past,” 
McLeod said. “By now, we were getting extremely cold and ex- 

Fishing boat turns over in stormy; shark-infested sea soaking Marvin McLeod: One of only survivors from the capsized boat. two 

 hausted. Everybody was swallow­ ing an awful lot of water. 
“Every now and then one of the girls would be Washed away from the rope and one of the men would nave to swim out and drag her back. I seemed to be swim­ ming backwards and forwards forever. 
“To keep their spirits im, I got them to sing songs 
When we were too tirecf to sing, we started repeating all tire prayers we knew. We must have said the 
Lord’s Prayer about a thousand times.” 
Blight hours after they capsized, 
McLeod noticed one of the girls was having trouble keeping her head above water. 
He struggled over to her and pushed her chin up. But the next time he looked up she was gone. 
An hour later, another girl dis­ appeared. McLeod swam after 

 lire Coast Guard tows in the 21-foot boat that capsized with seven peo­ ple aboard. Five of them did not survive the ordeal. 
Rustlers stealing millions of earthworms 
THE CURRENT popularity of organic gardening has touched off a wave of worm rustlings. 
During the past three months, almost a half billion worms have been stolen from worm ranches across the country. 
They are used to turn poor- grade dirt into high quality top soil. 
In one recent theft, more than ll million worms were stolen from a worm ranch near Casper, 
Wyo. Another IO million were tak­ en from an Eau Claire, Wise., worm ranch. 

Lee Struble, who owns Big Red 
Ranch in Kansas City, Mo., said 

 a million worms are worth about 
$1,ooo wholesale. 
“Once worms are stolen, it’s pretty hard to get a lead on the thieves,” said Steve Hanson, na­ tional coordinator of the Ameri­ can Worm Growers Association. 
“There’s no way brand or other­ wise identify a worm.” 
He said: “ It takes Mother Na­ ture 1oo,ooo years to make an inch of top soil for organic gardening. 
A worm, however, can make 18 inches rn a year.” 
The association is offering a 
$5oo reward for worm thieves— dead or alive. 

 her, but he was too weak to battle the waves. 
The third girl was washed away two hours later and in the next few hours, two of the men also drifted away to die. 
That left only McLeod and John 
Spratley. They continued to cling to the lifeline. 
“ We were too exhausted to talk,” McLeod said. “I just kept 
.repeating to myself, ‘I refuse to die, I refuse to die’.” 
Twenty-four hours after the 

 accident, a Coast Guard rescue boat appeared 3oo yards from the men. 
By this time, they were too weak to wave their arms and shout. The boat passed by without spotting them. 
“Somehow we managed to sur­ vive another 18 hours, though,” 
McLeod added. “That’s when a 
Coast Guard helicopter flew over and spotted us. It was the most beautiful sight I’d ever seen in my life. I just wanted to thank God.” 

We each eat 
15o pounds of meat a year 

AMERICANS cobbled up more than 15o pounds of meat apiece last year, says Progressive Gro­ cer, a magazine that keeps tabs on our eating habits. 
The magazine says the average 
American consumed 95.1 pounds af beef in 1976. 
In addition, it said 53 pounds of pork were eaten by the average person, as well as 3.1 pounds of veal and 1.6 pounds of lamb. 
The average American ate 43.9 pounds of chicken and nine pounds of turkey in 1976. 
Over the same 12 months, the magazine said about 12.3 pounds of fish were eaten by each Ameri­ can. 

DIET QUIZ TEASER 
THE DIET Quiz in THE STAR two weeks ago turned into a teas­ er when we omitted to tell read­ ers how to add up their scores. 
For those who could not fathom it out, and who kept the quiz around, every A scored 3 points; every B, 2; every C, I. To all of you—our apologies. 
Actor’s family has real star quality 

Those dark, movie star food looks are there and yon don't have to be modi of a film fan to rec- agnize this handsome family belongs to actor-tuued-writer Tony Curtis. Pictured at a get-to­ gether In Hollywood are, at left, Alegre, wife Letdie, N i^ ia s (Up} Benjamin arid Alexandria. 
Postal Service may soon send your mail 

THE U.S. Postal Service is seek­ ing answers to its problems in space. 
Ever since taking over the na­ tion’s mails, the Postal Service has been plagued by billions of dollars in losses and the need to raise prices and cut services re­ peatedly. 
Now it has asked space scien­ tists to devise new and hopefully more efficient ways of getting tire mail delivered. 
Two possibilities the scientists have suggested so far are: 
• Flashing messages via satel­ lite to TV screens in offices and homes. A red light would indicate 

 by television 

 mail had arrived and the viewer would flick a switch to read let­ ters to him exactly in the form they were sent. 

He could also use his video set to pay bills, cash checks and or­ der merchandise from stores. 
• Transmitting mail via micro­ waves. 
Correspondence would go di­ rectly to post offices via the mi­ crowaves and speedy mailmen would deliver it immediately. 
This system is similar to the 

 one news services use for trans­ mitting pictures to their client newspapers throughout the na­ tion. 
Tire scientists’ study is sched­ uled to reach completion by June next year. 
Meantime, the Postal Service apparently will continue to buck its problems to the public. 
Postmaster General Benjamin 
Baiiar says the price of mailing a letter probably will increase from 
13 to 16 cents before 1978. 

And reduction of mail deliveries from six to five days has also been proposed. 

. PART ONE OF A FASCINATING NEW SER IESy- 

THI SA N A N T O N IO STAR — M a y 8, 1977 
PAGE 13 

Special probe by a Star panel of psychiatrists 

EVER wanted to boost your sex appeal? Well now you can — by taking som e tips from the celebri­ ties who have it. THE STA R has asked a panel of top psychiatric experts to explore the mystify­ ing subject and analyze it for you. This is the first in an exclusive series of articles based on their findings. The experts answer such questions as: 
• What is sex appeal, who has it and how im­ portant is it? 
• How can sex appeal help your sex life and how can it help you keep your mate satisfied? 
• What Hollywood stars have sex appeal and which one’s don’t? 
• How can sex appeal help you stay younger looking longer? 
In addition, the experts will shatter some of the myths surrounding sex appeal and tell you what to avoid if you want to have it. 
Our panel of experts is — Dr. Anthony Pietro- pinto, director of the Mental Health Lutheran 
Medical Center in Brooklyn, N.Y.; Dr. Daniel C as- riel, psychiatric director of the Casriel institute of Group 
Dynamics; and 
Dr. 
Elayn 
Kahn, director of the New 
York Center for Sexual and 
Marital Guidance. 

By D O RIS W ALFIELD 
REAL sex appeal cannot be m anufactured — not even in 
Hollywood. Although m any of the beautiful people in movies and TV have sex appeal, doz­ ens of others do not. 
What’s more, among those who have it, there are different kinds of sex appeal. Some kinds may in­ trigue one person but turn off an­ other. 
THE STAR’S panel of experts said that while Cary Grant, Hen- iy Fonda and Fred Astaire still have sex appeal, even at their ages, such younger stars as Liza 
Minnelli, Goldie Hawn and Joel 
Gray do not. 
Rosalynn Carter has sex ap­ peal, but Jimmy does not; and while the Kennedys all have it, 
Jackie Kennedy Onassis does not. 
Dr. Casriel said: “Sex is in the movies, but sex appeal often is not. 
“Many of the performers aren’t exciting. They may be good-look­ ing, but they don’t have sex ap­ peal.” 
Dr. Pietropinto said: “Ask any man if Raquel Welch has sex ap­ peal and he’ll say,‘Sure.’ But if he had to pick someone to be alone with on a desert island for a year or so, he would be more apt to pick someone who he felt had something more. 
“Raquel Welch comes across as being a classic example of manu­ factured sex appeal on the screen. But seeing her as a real person, you can almost pardon her artificiality. 
“ You get the impression that although she knew what she was doing when she allowed herself to have this sex image, there is more to her than that. 
“You can almost feel sorry for her. She is trapped in a thing that never quite worked out right. 
“Ann-Margret has a type of manufactured sex appeal. Re­ membering her when she first came to the screen, she was all youthful vitality. 
“She had such an incredible beauty and sex appeal that she lust wasn’t able to sustain it. At that time, she radiated health. 
“There was an image about her 

Who has if? 
Who doesn’t? 
How do you get it? 
How should you use it? 

 f 
.pp 
PKI' 
. 
Farrah Fawcett-Majors: She’s emerging as a sex symbol on the 
Marilyn Monroe magnitude but she doesn’t have the remote glamour. 
Marlene 
Dietrich: 
Clark Gable: Loved Marilyn Monroe: Had 
Alive and exciting. life and love. a girlish charm. 

- so does Paul Newman 

 afraid or ashamed to show the world what he felt. The same was true of Errol Flynn. 
“I believe when these fellows were cast in roles, it was because they were who they were. In Hol­ lywood, they pick the personality to fit the role. They don’t say, ‘He is a fantastic actor, he can do anything, so let’s give him a part even though it is not really him.’ 
“Spencer Tracy also had a tremendous appeal. But in a dif­ ferent way — in a quiet way. He came across as a one-woman man. He was a man who would love only one woman, and every woman could feel she could be the one for him. 
“And so the woman who wants a monogamous relationship could perhaps relate best to Spencer 
Tracy. 
But, the woman who would fantasize about a wonderful weekend fling, could pick Errol 
Flynn or Clark Gable as her lov­ er.” 
Dr. Pietropinto added: 
“An­ 

 other type of feminine sex appeal is the charming girlish kitten ap­ peal. Marilyn Monroe had it. 
“The quality she conveyed was a kind of little girlish charm and an innocence that belied her overt sexuality. This was the essence of her charm. It was something that she had in real life and it came across on the screen as well. 
“There was a vulnerability about her and it wasn’t manufac­ tured. 
“To a lesser extent, Brigitte 
Bardot has this kind of kittenish little girl quality. A man can feel that in spite of her desirability, she could relate only to him.” 
Male stars are often successful in projecting sex appeal longer than their female counterparts, according to Dr. Pietropinto. 
He said: “A woman can look at an older man and see him as hav­ ing a great deal of sex appeal — even as a bed mate. For exam­ ple, Paul Newman is in his fifties now and still has a great deal of sex appeal. So do Cary Grant, 
Fred Astaire and Henry Fonda. 
“ But sometimes, when one thinks of older female stars, talk­ ing about them in terms of having sex appeal is almost sacrilegious. 
One exception is Barbara Stan­ wyck. 
“She conveyed even more sex appeal as she got older. She took on a quality of sureness about her stature, of queenliness about her. 
“She makes you feel that lf you have a business deal to close or a war to win. send her in and she’ll take care of you She’s tough and she ll manage. But she’ll always be a woman with tenderness.” 
But Dr. Casriel added: “Many older stars have an excitement about them. People like Gloria 

J 

Cary Grant still has It 

 of being a kind of athletic, ex­ tremely wholesome, sunshine- type girl with a blending of inno­ cence. 
“There is also the converse type of sex appeal — an appeal that might be dying out. 
“Melina Mercouri has this type of appeal. So does Lauren Bacall. 
Neither is particularly voluptuous or extremely beautiful. 
“Their sex appeal is a quality of confidence, of maturity, with a blend of femininity and warmth. 
They convey they have the ability to take charge and be an ally. 
“Sophia Loren has this type of appeal. She’s the kind who will withstand anything. 
Throw a flood at her, a famine, drop a bomb on her house and she’ll be 
(Hit there again in the morning. 
“Of course, Sophia is more vol­ atile, more emotional than the 
Lauren Bacall-type. 
But both have tremendous appeal.” 
“Farrah Fawcett, of course, has tremendous sex appeal, She 

 is emerging as a sex symbol of almost a Marilyn Monroe magni­ tude. Yet she is very different from previous sex symbols such as Monroe, Betty Grable, Rita 
Hayworth and Ava Gardner. They all had a remote type of glamour. 
“ A man could fantasize about seeing the Monroes and Hay­ worths in the Casbah or in some plush far-out nightclub. But he wouldn’t dream of running into them in some ordinary way. 
“Farrah, on the other hand, is the kind of girl you could fantas­ ize about running into in a park. 
She’s a very down-to-earth, active type of girl who usually has a golden tan, which gives her an outdoors quality.” 
“ Many of yesterday’s male stars had tremendous sex ap­ peal,” said Dr. Casriel. “Clark 
Gable wasn’t really such a good­ looking guy. But he had a type of independence and openness, as well as self-reliance. 
“His sexuality as a man showed through all his movies. 
He was never an actor. He al­ ways was Clark Gable playing a part. 
“ One never lost their aware­ ness that he was a person who loved love and life, and wasn’t 

 iven these two have it 

Lauren Bacall 
Spencer Tracy 

* ii* 
\ 
< r , > x ■ »' •* 
J t • 
C f * * ll* v* 

P A G E 14 
THE S A N A N T O N I O STAR — M a y 8, I 9 7 7 
JFK hod sex appeal, Jackie doesn’t; 
Rosalynn Carter has V H I H H H it - but not Jimmy F 
F ^ l 

Con tin u ed fro m p a g e I 3 
Swanson and Marlene Dietrich are fun. They convey a feeling of 
‘I’m a woman and I enjoy my body. I’m alive. I’m not negating my sexuality.’ 
“Liz Taylor also has sex ap­ peal. She says, T il do what I want to do. If I want to marry seven times, or 17 times, the heck with what anybody says.’ 
"When you think of her, you think of someone who is walking fast. Swish, she moves. Her body is alive. Of course she has been crippled, but still the visual image of her is moving, vibrant and alive. This freedom of hers is part of the appeal she has.” 
Dr. Elayn Kahn commented: 
“There is a group of stars that we don’t relate to as having sex ap­ peal. 
“We think of them as being 

JFK: His family has sex appeal. 
Jimmy Carter: Tries to be wholesome. 
Jackie Onassis: She’s too cold and contained. 
Rosalynn Carter: Warmth and sensuality show. 

 cute. They have a childlike ap­ peal. We don’t relate sex appeal to them as sex appeal is associat­ ed with being an adult. Liza Min­ nelli and Joel Gray fall into this category as does Goldie Hawn. 
“Similarly, as a rule, comedi­ ans don’t have sex appeal. Come­ dians seem to appeal to the child­ like spirit within us. 

“And, of course, many comedi­ ans have practiced childlike hu­ mor — Milton Berle for example. 
“Sometimes, people purposely seem to avoid projecting sex ap­ peal. To project sex appeal, they feel, might take away from the idea of having that all-American wholesomeness. 
“Somehow, some people feel if 

 you 

How to keep your marriage going strong - psychiatrist 

ALT MARRIAGES sooner or later suffer stresses and basic problems which, left un­ checked, can lead to divorce. 
How can you strengthen your marriage so it can stand the test of time? 
Dr. Claude Miller, a prominent psychiatrist who is also a supervisor of the Post Graduate Center for 
Mental Health in New York City, frequently helps couples strengthen their marriages with the follow­ ing psychological guidelines. 
“ I usually tell my patients to recognize the fact that just being married in itself is difficult,” he said. 
“ A lot of folks sort of feel that once you are mar­ ried you are home free This is far from the truth. 
‘ Marriage is going to require just as much maintenance and upkeep as a house or car. 
“Once you recognize this, you will find yourself showing a greater awareness as to what is happen­ ing in the marriage, and greater sensitivity to prob­ lems as they come up. 
“Understand that your spouse will see some of your areas of ‘craziness’ that most of us have, some of your foibles—areas that normally others don’t see. 
“As a result, you have to ‘prune’ up on your mar­ riage. This means looking at some things over the years that have been unnecessary to look at pre­ viously. 
“ Realize that your spouse has been exposed to many aspects of your personality over the years that others haven’t seen, and that you may be an active participant in the difficulties arising in the marriage. 
“This will strengthen your marriage just by not putting the blame on your spouse. 
“Before marriage you had plenty of time for talk­ ing, communicating your needs, your desires to each other.* 
“Very often after a couple is married they need the time for work. They nave to make money to raise the kids. But a marriage needs communica­ tions. It needs both people talking. Sex is also im­ portant. Statistically, happily married couples have intercourse twice a week. If your performance is significantly below that, you’re headed for trouble. 

“If there’s no sex whatsoever, don’t ignore it. 
Many people I see haven’t had sex at all in their marriage, others haven’t had sex in 12 years. 

“ If both partners are not affected by these prob­ lems then you can leave well enough alone. 

“If you have friends who are happily married af­ filiate with them, and emulate them. 
“If you have friends who are breaking up, stay away from them, Ifs contagious.” 

Spring is a tasty daffodil stalk 

■rn. 

 n 

 ect sex appeal, it takes rom being considered wholesome. These people want to appeal to everyone so they come across as sort of neutral. 
“Jimmy Carter falls into this category. But las wife, Rosalynn, while trying to appear whole­ some, sometimes lets her warmth come through and there are 

SPRING IS in the air and there is nothing more tempting to a young goat than a juicy daffodil stalk. 
This month-old kid was born on a farm near Put­ nam, Conn. and has quickly sought a daffodil sup­ plement to its milk diet. 

Teddy Kennedy Bobby Kennedy 

 glimpses of sensuality about her.” 
According to Dr. Kahn, sex appeal is definitely associated with the Kennedy clan. 
“Yet, Jackie Kennedy Onassis doesn’t convey sex appeal. She is too cold. She’s too contained with­ in herself. 
“To have sex appeal, one must project something from within and Jackie doesn’t seem to be able to pull this off. 
“ However, another former first lady, Betty Ford, has it. She proj­ ected sex appeal and that is prob­ ably why she was liked by so many people. Yet, Jerry Ford did not project sex appeal at all. 
“ In fact, many politicians seem not to project sex appeal. Maybe they deliberately turn it off ais a protective device. Perhaps they feel it’s safer not to come across as having sex appeal because the idea still exists to some Ameri­ cans that there is something dirty about anything associated with sex appeal. 
“Another group, those who peo­ ple relate to as parent figures, al­ so have an image of not having sex appeal. Henry Kissinger and most scientists fall into this cate­ gory. 
“Perhaps, that basic Puritan thread is still running through our culture more than we realize.” 
Next week: 
How to pinpoint sex appeal 
-and a test to find if you have it. 

3.6 million 
US. chil are abused by parents 

THERE are at least 3.6 million abused children in America but the government is doing very lit­ tle to help them, says a leading sociologist. 
“The government is spending less than $2o on every abused child,” said 
Dr. 
Richard 
J. 
Gelles, associate professor of so­ ciology at the University of Rhode 
Island. 
He told THE STAR: “The total expenditure doesn’t amount to the cost of a wing and an engine of a 
Bl bomber.” 
Dr. Gelles recently completed a nationwide study of child abuse. 
He found that at least 2.2 million 
American kids have been beaten by their parents. 
An additional 1.4 million have been threatened by their parents with a knife or gun. 
Child abuse claims the lives of 
2,ooo American children every year and more than a million oth­ ers suffer severe injuries. 
Dr. Vincent J. Fontana, a New 
York hospital administrator and authority on child abuse said: 
“If 2,ooo children a year died of measles or German measles, we would be up in arms — giving immunizations. 
“Look at the swine flue pro­ gram. We spent over $1oo million because we were scared by a sin­ gle case of flu. Yet in the last three years, we have only spent maybe $5o million on a major kill­ er of our children. 
“We’re not giving child abuse — or children — the priority de­ served. W'e are forgetting the fact that children are our most pre­ cious natural resource. 
“What we are currently spend­ ing is ridiculous. The teenagers that are mugging our elderly come from homes in which there has been neglect, abuse and bat­ tery’. 
“The child beater of today is the abused child of yesterday. To­ day’s abused child is tomorrow’s child beater. 
“It is a cycle of violence we must stop. We must teach and we must learn. We must rehabilitate the parents and keep the families together. 
"This whole thing is society’s fault. Society is to blame for many of the moralities because of its lack of concern, intervention and involvement. For not really giving a damn.” 
MOST OPPOSE 
WIVES’ PAY 
THREE out of every four Ameri­ cans do not believe housewives should be paid for their labors even though financial experts say the chores are worth $13,ooo a year. 
A survey by the American 
Council of Life Insurance found that only 23 percent of all men and 27 percent of all women felt housewives should be salaried. 
Three out of every five who fa­ vored payment, felt husbands should pick up the tab. More than one in five said the government should pay the housewives’ sala­ ries. 

 people on the streets. While some 
Canadians were shocked, the majority applauded what they called efforts to assert her individuality and thumb her nose at protocol. 
She said: “Protocol turns peo­ ple into robots and I’m going to be more than just a rose in my husband's lapel. 
Canadian newspapers blasted her earlier this year when she went to the White House in her short dress and torn pantyhose. 
Margaret is refreshingly frank: 
“ I guess I hand’t clipped my to­ enails so there was a mn in my pantyhose. Somebody joked that if 
I'd worn a long dress it wouldn’t show, but I don't believe in cover­ ups.” 
About a month later the Rolling 
Stones incident flashed Margar­ et’s name into headlines again. 
Margaret tells her side of the story: 
“ This was to be another of mv freedom trips as Iherre and I cai! them, only this one was to be the ultimate trip where I found a job. 
“ A two-hour plane change in 
Toronto on my way to New York gave me a chance to call a girl­ friend who insisted I stay over­ night and photograph a recording session of the Rolling Stones. 
"I jumped at the chance, and of starting my own career with it. 
The rumors of me night-clubbing with them began because their recording session was in a club.” 
But Margaret fell into disfavor with Canadian officials because of her association with guitarist 
Keith Richard, who was facing drug charges. 
Margaret explained: 
"As 
Prime Minister’s wife working for Canadian Mental Health I felt 
— on the spur of the moment—I had to get involved in the prob­ lem. 
“ Keith is on terrible charges. 
He’s a pathetic human being and when I learned he had a young son, Marlon, I was concerned about him. 
“ I ve never run into such drug problems before. Ifs an alien world to me. I know people who smoke a little dope now and then, but that’s a whole new ball game.’ 
But rumors of a sex scandal swept Toronto. 
Margaret continued: 
“ Every­ body thought they’d catch me sneaking in and out of the Stones’ hotel. But there was never any sexual encounter to start with. 
“There was no mucking with 
Mick. I’m a married lady who just happens to like their music. 
"I was in New York to work— not to play. Even Mick Jagger and (guitarist) Ron Wood tele­ phoned to aplogize for the insult­ ing behavior w ed all gone through.” 
Margaret fully intends to carry on being the unpredictable indi­ vidual shes always been. “ No one will dare muzzle me. 
"I still am young and feel that I don’t have to go along with all the old-fashioned ideas. 
She added: “I hope Pierre isn t put under pressure Decause of me because I believe he’s too loyal and too committed to his Canada to make a choice over me. 
“ Pierre doesn’t have any ex­ pectations of me to always be at his sick1 — and I don’t have any expectations of him to always be at mine. 
“ Neither of us possesses one another. I’m free of jealousy, guilt and fear. 
“I’m so in love with now that I can’t think any further ahead about what’s going to happen next.” 
Sadly, it’s this lack of thought about her future that may bring the turbulent Trudeau marriage to an abrupt end. 

MARGARET TRUDEAU T 
Continued from Back Page garet planning to pursue her career as a photogra­ pher in New York while hubby stays at home at 
24 Sussex Drive, Ottawa, minding the three kids. 
But their relationship has always been contro­ versial, largely because of the 29-year age gap be­ tween them. Pierre Elliot Trudeau is now 58. Mar­ garet is 28. 
To find out how their once fairy-tale romance turned into such a sorry mess, it is necessary to go back ten years. 
Margaret was 18-year-old Margaret Sinclair then from Vancouver, British Columbia, daughter of a former government minister. 
She was swimming in a lagoon on the paradise island of Tahiti when she First saw the future 
Prime Minister of Canada. 
“I’d set eyes on a handsome water ski instruc­ tor and decided to swim out to him,” she recalls. 
“He was too busy teaching all the other girls. 
But by his side was this sexy figure with sleepy, pouched, piercing eyes. He asked me to call him 
Pierre and sit with him. 
"We lay there in the sun talking. I was captivat­ ed by him but there was no romantic interest on my part. 
“Pierre and I lay for four hours. The time just slipped by until I was in pain from the worst suntan of my life. 
“At dinner that night, my moth­ er told me that I’d been dallying with Canada's Justice Minister — and I hadn't even realized it. 
“My first reaction was ‘Yuk — another politician’. My father had been Minister of Fisheries during the 195os. It was a world I wasn’t comfortable in.” 
The couple saw a lot of each other during the following week, but there was no real romance. 
At the end of the vacation, Tru- 

Margaret Trudeau steps out with Prince Charles, heir to the English throne. 
‘lf I don’t feel like wearing a bra, I don’t; there’s nothing wrong about a lovely body’ 

 deau went back to Ottawa and politics. Margaret went back to 
Vancouver and college. 
A year later, she left college and went to Morocco which, at the time, was being flooded with young American and Canadian kids looking for peace and love — and drugs. 
Margaret admits she experi­ mented with marijuana. “I blos­ somed in the generation of flower children,” she says, “and I’d hate to ever grow out of those feelings of spontaneous living and loving.” 
She returned to Canada in 1968, in time to see Trudeau launch his campaign to be Prime Minister. 
Trudeau’s swinging bachelor lifestyle had already made him a familiar figure in American news­ papers, never mind those in Cana­ da, 
He’d dated some of the world’s most striking beauties — includ­ ing Brigitte Bardot and Barbra 
Streisand. 
On one occasion, he shocked a few stuffy MPs by inviting Streis­ and to the Ottawa Houses of Par­ liament and waving to her cheeri­ ly in the middle of a debate. 
But he had fallen in love at first sight with Margaret. When he passed through Vancouver on the campaign trail, she was waiting at the airport to give him a big kiss. 
None of the press really noticed that kiss amongst all the others 
Trudeau was getting. But under the noses of the press, Margaret and Pierre began a hush-hush two-year courtship. 
“It was love,” says Margaret, 
“and the most dynamite relation­ ship.” In August of 197o they be­ came engaged — without telling anybody. 
They kept the romance so se­ cret that when they finally got married on March 4, 1971, only 13 people knew. Three of Margaret’s own sisters, who were invited, weren’t told what they were going to. 
They thought they were going 

 to a 6oth anniversary party mark­ ing their father’s emigration from 
Scotland. 
For the first two years of their marriage, 
Margaret jealously guarded her privacy and was sel­ dom seen in public. She gave birth to a son Justin on Christmas 
Day, 1971, and to another son 
Sacha, exactly two years later to the day. But otherwise little was known about her and what she did. It took 24 hours once for the 
Prime Minister’s information of­ fice to find out her birthdate for a reporter. 
Behind that wall of privacy, however, she was turning into a liberated young woman who liked to wear sexy clothes for her hus­ band’s pleasure. 
She said: “ If I don’t feel like wearing a bra, I don't wear one. 
My nipples would never show at a state tunction though. 
I’d be frightened the old men would have heart attacks. 
“The clothes I wear show I’m a lady. There s nothing anti-femi­ nist about showing a lovely body. 
It’s part of the person you are. 
“I have strong sexual energies 
— I’m just being myself. Pierre loves me to be good-looking, and he’s my number one fan. He has the body of a 25-year-old and what pleases him pleases me. 
“ I don’t have a single sheer negligee, but I’ll normally wear garter belt and stockings. I like putting them on. It’s a turn-on. I like the ritual.” 
In 1974, when Trudeau cam­ paigned for re-election, Margaret came out of the shadows and proved to be his secret weapon. 
She added a human touch to his rather dry political approach. 
But the pressures of campaign­ ing, the constant questions, the publicity, exacted a toll. Two months after his election victory she was spending her 26th birth­ day In the hospital. 
Margaret points out that she wasn’t committed to a mental hospital but sought psychiatric 

 care in Montreal’s Royal Victoria 
Hospital. 
She describes her ten days treatment as “ a rest for severe emotional stress, having under­ gone a bloody revolution in my mind. 
“ I had reached a kind of crisis stage in my life. I found myself very’ thoughtful about what I as a human being could do. 
“ The doctors let me verbalize all my thoughts. They didn’t even seem to object to the fact I didn’t take their rest pills. 
“ I hid them under my tongue like Jack Nicholson did in One 
Flew Over The Cuckoo’s Nest, and when the nurse wasn’t look­ ing, I buried them in a flower­ pot.” 
Out of the hospital, 
Pierre agreed to let Margaret have free­ dom to live a life of her own. In fact, he swung his full support be­ hind her. 
She took up photography after 
Jordan’s King Hussein presented her with $3,ooo worth of camera equipment. 
Shortly before news of their trial separation leaked out, Mar­ 

 garet explained: “Pierre tells me 
I’m free to be myself and if I’m to be a photographer I should just go ahead and do it.” 
Trudeau allowed her to dismiss her security escorts and take off on freedom-trips. She didn't have to notify her own secretary, gov­ ernment officials or press aides as to where she was. 
“Only Pierre knew my moves every step of the way,” says Mar­ garet. “I’d won the right to be 
Mrs. Margaret Trudeau, taking ordinary planes, ordinary taxis and doing ordinary things.” 
These occasional trips took her back to parents in Vancouver, rel­ atives in Florida — and also to 
Paris for camera sessions and 
Greece for hitch-hiking. 
Early last year she was back in the headlines again when she broke diplomatic etiquette during an official Latin American tour. 
She proposed an unscheduled toast in Mexico, wore a T-shirt at a public rally in Cuba, sang a banal song at a state banquet she had composed for the wife of the 
Venezuelan president and caused consternation among police by insisting she talked to ordinary 

YOUR SUNDAY CROSSWORD 

A C R O S S 

1 Mortar trough 
4 Seashore 
9 Platter 
14 Irrigates 
2o Presidential monogram 
21 Main artery 
22 Board gam e 
23 Trained sportsm an 
25 Of the sun 
27 Hiding place 
29 Lukewarm 
31 Live coal 
32 Sm all 
34 Sm iling 
36 G auge 
38 Positive 
39 Love 
"m adly" 
41 Palm lily 
42 Verb form 
44 Helm position 
45 Plural ending 
47 Dry; 
French 
48 O din's brother 
5o Historical record 
52 Biblical outcast 
55 Temper tantrums 
58 Ear; com b form 
59 Philippine dwarf 
61 Becom e alert: 2 wds. 
63 Desert shrub 
65 Talks wildly 
67 Sugarland 
69 Weird 
71 * • - - profundis" 
72 Elevator direction 
74 Somber 
77 Grown 
79 Aeries 
61 W o m a n s robe 

84 Bellmi opera 
85 Plant again 
87 Hackneyed 
89 Bar, in law 
91 Polishes 
92 M an 's name 
94 Curved m oldings 

96 Shinbone 
98 Asian holiday 
99 Cordage fiber 
1o1 Worried 

1o3 Reverberating noises 
1o6 Dysprosium : abbr. 
1o7 Sphere 
1o9 Molding edge 
11o Broad grin 
112 Scottish turnips 
114 Cipher 
116 Spectacle 
118 Charm s slang 
1 2o Pries 
1 23 Storehouse 
1 25 Condem ns 
127 Overact 
1 29 Appellation 
13o Cuts apart 
I 32 Size of shot 
1 33 Diatonic note 
135 Escapade 
1 37 Usurer s grant 
138 Harangue 
14o Tilt 
143 Restaurant patron 
1 45 Fairy port 
1 46 Atlantic state abbr 
1 48 Isle 
1 5o Biblical animals 
152 Sand hills 
I 54 Map direction 
155 Wet earth 
I 57 Hindu mantra 

158 Made from 
16o Pronoun 
161 Bone: 
L a t i n 
163 Metal block 
165 M istakes 
167 Postulate 
17o Snares 
1 73 Strong- scented herb 
1 76 Banana fiber 
178 Earn 
18o Angry 
182 Depart 
183 Beat back 
185 Upbraid 
187 Succinct 
189 Elevator cage 
19o Abase 
191 Reservation dwelling 
192 Hits hard 
1 93 English eel 

D O W N 

1 Lock clasp 
2 Hautboy 
3 River mouth 
4 Shipping containers 
5 Hawaiian bird 
6 Bowlike curve 
7 TV headliner 
8 Unspoken 
9 Hidden valley 
1o Artificial language 
11 Siamese coin 
1 2 Account entry 
1 3 G allops easily 
1 4 W alk in water 
15 Attending 
16 Definite article 
17 Shade trees 
18 Picture 

 puzzle 
19 Solid com b form 
24 Build 
26 Verdi opera 
28 Greet 
3o Brain p assage 
33 Man s nickname 
35 Bandaged 
37 Princely 
4o Consum ed 
43 Allots 
46 "L ucky" number 
48 Clergym an 
49 Chopin forte 
51 Entices 
53 Oral pause 
54 ConceVnm g 
56 Square measure 
57 Spanish title 
6o Mistreat 
62 Revolver firings: 2 wds. 
64 Silence 
3 wds 
66 Show pride 
68 Vigilant 
7o Floor 
French 
73 Courtyard 
75 Surround closely 
76 Unpleasant 
78 The 
Earth 
8o Snow vehicles 
82 Hawaiian vine 
83 Spring bird 
86 Portals 
88 College degree 
9o Lo ngs for 
93 Dismally graphic 
95 Net 
97 Representati 

99 N ap s 
1oo Rugged crest 

1o2 Biased person 

1o4 Lump 

1o5 Vitiate 
1o8 Well done' 
111 Feminine title: abbr. 
11 3 Yuccalike plant 
115 M usical drama 
11 7 Thulium: abbr 
1 19 Sedate 
121 Unadorned 
1 22 Understanding 
1 24 Lyric muse 
1 26 Shatter 
1 28 Boredom 
French 
131 Jazz dance 
134 Wall panel 
136 M asculine name 
139 Overhead train 

141 French article 
142 de urn 
144 Treats royally 
146 Sm udge 
147 Stopped 
149 M isplace 
151 Fly aloft 
1 53 Painful 
1 56 Window hanging 
159 Foremost 
162 Petty quarrels 
164 Vestige 
166 Refuse 
168 Portent 
169 Cricket term 
171 G o by bus 
1 72 H obo's meal 
1 74 Elliptical 
1 75 Existed 
1 77 Sud sy brew 
1 79 Summit ve^Bl Historical period 
184 Continent: abbr, 
1 86 French article 
188 Thoroughfare 
(Abbr I 

SEE SOLUTION PAGE 19 

THIS I BELIEVE 

, ~ By S t e v e O u n le a v y 

THE Liberals are bleating like banshees over the most refreshing news from the Supreme Court since Lincoln was a boy. 
The highest court in our land believes there is absolutely nothing wrong with a teacher spanking a schoolkid. 
While the liberals are beating their collective breasts about the ruling, they are curiously silent about a report by a U.S. Senate Subcommittee revealing 7o,ooo school teachers are seriously assaulted in classrooms each year. 
They are also silent about a report disclosing the cost of increasing security in the schools has soared to half-a-billion dollars-a-year. Half-a- billion-dollars, incidentally, is the same figure spent on textbooks in U. S. schools. 
They also say nothing about the fact school security forces and closed circuit television are being financed by a weary taxpayer. 
Now, two Johns Hopkins sociologists, Dr. Jam es M. McPartland and Dr. 
Edward L. McDill, say in a further study that violence by school kids is caused by bad grades. 
I won’t argue. But what has all this to do with the issue of spanking? In a word — discipline. The real-life scene of U.S. schools today makes the mythical Blackboard Jungle movie look like a Disney cartoon. 
Kids who don’t do their homework are not punished. If a teacher com­ plains, he or she might be looking at the wrong end of a knife. 
Our schools are full of teachers who started their careers with idealistic hopes of contributing something to American youth. Most of them I know have given up. And you can’t blame them. 
In the past five years, the country has seen bizarre incidents where teachers have been sued by civil liberty and minority groups for refusing to promote a lazy or backward child into the next grade. 
They have been sued for keeping a child after school hours to do work that should have been done during regular hours. 
Heaven forbid they dare raise a hand or a strap to the little darlings. 
They get hung by their heels for that. 
Look, when I was a kid, I wasn’t too smart and I wasn’t too keen on the idea of school. Who was? 
But I struggled through with the help of some of the best backside beating you could get this side of the Super Bowl. 
The guy who handed me out the most classic hidings was both my math teacher and football coach. 
I was a better football player than a mathematician. He persuaded me, with the help of a strap, that my skills should be a little more equalized. 
I didn’t think he was a monster. He became one of my closest personal friends outside my immediate family. And I will be eternally grateful to him for forcing me through school. 
We didn’t have psychologists and sociologists studying kids like fish in a bowl in those days. We just had teachers committed to get you an education and through your exams. 
Consequently, I would hazard a guess a 1o-year-old child in my era had the education level of a 14-year-old today in, say, New York City. 
If you think that might be an exaggeration, check a 1975 report that revealed 6o per cent of the city’s 14-year-old public school children had reading skills equivalent to a nine-year-old. 
And, not surprisingly, New York school boards — in the very heart of northeastern liberalism — were the first to slam the U.S. Supreme Court ruling as cruel and monstrous. 
I don’t advocate cutting off kids’ ears and nailing them to a blackboard. 
I just think a little well-motivated discipline is what good schooling is all about. 
That might mean an occasional whack on the rear end to make clear who is the teacher and who is the student. That’s all. 

It was opening day in Dodger Stadium, and the man who made the biggest hit of all was OI’ Blue Eyes himself, Frank Sinatra. The 
Dodgers’ No. I fan went to bat for his team to help them launch the 

 new baseball season in style. 

V) 
J 
■ I ii 

 rn h i t *I 
5o'S? 

S 
S 

ACROSS 

I. Presents 
6. G M. sport cars 
14. Son of Venus 
19. Metal m ixture 
2o. Spread 
21. Army officer 
22. Merge 
23. Stage fare 
24. C hrysler 
. 
25. Prongs 
26. Ford initials 
29. Sites 
31. Understand 
32. 4-star man 
33. Conspires 
34. Dance step 
37. Service infrac­ tion 
39. Concoctions 
41. Noblemen 
43. Instrument 
44. Oceanic 
45. Capers. Slang 
47. Plant roots 
49. Soak flax 
5o Long hair 
51 . 
Rica 
52. Motor 
54. Becomes tart 
56. Hurries 
57. Liquified 
58. Fortune teller 
6o. Under. Poetic 
62. G M. Auto. Col­ loq. 
63. Old luxury car 
64. Diner 
66 Porch 
67 p ip e 
. 
68. Topers. Slang 
69. Humans 
72. Natural gift 
74. Vintage auto 
76. Stuffed toy 
77. Public vehicle 

8o. Man’s name 
82. Acapulco money 
84. Abounds 
85. Laymen 
86. Family member 
87. Exercise 
89. Harvests 
91. Taste 
o/2. Electromotive forces 
93. John 
. Actor 
94. Boring tool. Var. 
96. Game fish 
98. Heavy hair. Pl. 
99. Mestizo 
1oo. Service 
VIP. 
Abbr. 
1o2. Choler 
1o3. Math, subject. 
Abbr. 
1o4. Ozone 
1o5. G M. 
Luxury model 
IIG. G M. Luxury model 
115. Church parts 
116. The 
Hoosier poet 
117. Lettuce 
12o. Antitoxin fluid 
121. Expect 
122 . 
Ager 
123. Steam bum 
124. Opening 
12®. Lowest point 
128. Land measure 
129. Goal 
13o. Speech parts 
131. Catalina 
133. Headwear 
135. Opposite DAR 
136. Hidden reserve 
137. Whistle 
138. Famed bistro. 
Colloq. 
14o. Flower part 
142. Reunite 

145. Isle o f 
. 
146. Milk compo­ nent 
148. Injured 
152. Prevents 
153. List 
154. Hydrogen com­ pound 
156. San’a native 
157. Man s name 
158. Heavy ropes 
159. Yale. 
161. Repaired shoes 
163. Famed jockey 
164. Whitin. comb, form 
165. Short for Ron­ ald 
166. ----- the 
. 
Last 
168. Iron 
17o. Coal dust 
171. Curve 
172. Abode 
173. N.Y. time. 
174. Gratuity 
176. Tax assess­ ment 
178. Protest sounds 
179. How did your — 

18o. Pontiacs 
182. S h e ------------- here! (absent) 
184. Churchman 
185. Seed covering 
186. Numerous 
187. Cookouts 
188. Wide awake 
189. Repaired a wall 
19o. Sarcastic 

DOWN 

1. Hiatus 
2. Diseases 
3. Mud guards 

Last week s Giant solution 

4 Auto unport 
5. Modes of opera­ tion 
6. Swindle. Slang 
7. Cheers 
8. Remarry 
9. Peeping Tom 
1o. Object of attack 
11. Small children 
12. Garden spot 
13. Weight or India 
14. -r— 
Supreme, 
(auto) 
15. Labor groups 
16. Horse or auto 
17. Natives. Suffix 
18 . 
Moines 
26. Bails 
27. Heavy cord 
28. Auto name 
3o. Faint 
33. Devotion 
34. Certain dough 
35. Flower 
36. News or grand 

38. River in France 
4o. Pivots 
42. Opener 
43. Establish as true 
44. Small car im­ port. Col. 
46. Golfing name 
48. Poetic muse 
5o. Tendency 
51. Beverage 
53. Obstruct legally 

55. Brown ermine 
56. Becomes lean 
57. Girl’s name 
59. Waste conduit 
61. Food fish 
62. Fastener 
63. Measures 
65. Readjusted 
68. Pauses 
69. Chew 
7o. Turkish title 
71. Unmolested 
73. Deep sound 
75. Garland 
76. Wan 
77. G M. Plush au­ tos 
78. Ending 
79. Weather instru­ ment 
81. Dine 
83. Ruined 
85. Famed jockey 
86. Far out. Slang 
88. Steps 
9o. Uncivil 
92. Lowlands. Poet­ ic 
93. Early insect form 
95. Gesture 
97. Golf gadget. 
98. A gender. Abbr. 
99. Golf position 
1o1. Auto name 
1o4. Had high re­ gard for 
1o6. Begin 
1o7. Sty 

1o8. Food article 
1o9. Troubles 
111. Sudan native 
112. Paintings 
113. Industrial 
Workers of 
Amer. Abbr. 
114. Roman money 
117. Ford plush models 
118. Sacrifice fly 
119 This saves nine! Phrase 
123. Glides 
124. Mary Tyler — 

125. Mr Truman 
127. Give in return 
13o. Direction 
131. Church heads 
132. Some students 
134. Masters 
136. Marx brother 
137 Late 
139 Bounce 
141. Buddhist priests 
142. Street show. 
143. Dale ----- . Ac­ tress 
144. Thaws 
145 Chili C o n 
. 
147. Runner 
149. Italian city. 
15o. Bequeath 
151. Fasts 
153. Associate 
155. Itemized ac­ counts 
158. Auto name 
16o French article 
162. Auto import 
165. Rolls 
. 
166. Ancient Roman port 
167 Persian coin 
169. Porch 
172. “------- to tho 
Chief!" 
173. Nobleman 
175. Glass section 
177. Noisy 
179. Deo 
Volente, 
Amen Abbr. 
18o Headwear 
181. Man’s name. 
Abbr. 
183 M ao tung. 

Star WHIRLY WORDS by Warren Tobotoh 

PUZZLE 12o 

F 
R 
E 
Q 
U 
E 
N c 
Y 
R 
R 
E 
M 

L 
N 
S 
T 
G 
N 
T 
N 
A 
R 
G 
P 
Y 

A 
I 
S 
N 
R 
N 
O 
E 
P 
P 
A 
L 
P 

C 
S 
O 
E 
O 
S 
O 
T 
H 
E 
R 
A 
E 

C 
A 
T 
R 
I 
M 
P 
A 
V 
L 
E 
N 
E 

I 
B 
O 
A 
N 
O 
M 
L 
R 
L 
S 
E 
L 

D 
O 
R 
P 
N 
I 
E 
U 
I 
E 
S 
T 
S 

I 
U 
N 
I 
I 
D 
T 
G 
S 
T 
E 
E 
S 

C 
N 
A 
K 
A 
A 
A 
E 
E 
S 
N 
P 
H 

N 
D 
D 
S 
P 
R 
O 
R 
N 
U 
C 
O 
A 

A 
P 
O 
F 
F 
E 
R 
E 
D 
D 
E 
D 
R 

R 
L 
A 
N 
O 
I 
S 
S 
E 
F 
O 
R 
P 

CLUE: "PARENTLESS CHILD” 

MOW TO P L A Y : 
Solution: 6 Letters 

A ll th o * o r d s lis te d b o lo * • p o w in th * p u z z le — h o riz o n ta lly , v e rtic a lly , d ia g o n a lly «v#n b ackw a rd s r in d them and c irc !* (h a ir te tters 
The le tto v e r le tte rs s o *n th * S ta n fo rd 

Basin 
Merry 
Risen 
Hound 
Offered 
Sharp 
Briar 
Skip 

Delve 
Pain 
Parent 
Pellet 

Sleepy 
Dope 
Standard 
Dust 
Peon 
Sum m ons 

E ssence 
Planet 
Tempo 

Flaccid 
Professional 
Tornado 
Toss 
Fragile 
Radio 
Frequency 
Raison 

Grant 
Rancid 

Groin 
R egulate 

Last W eek’s Answer: BARNACLE 

TV tough guy ^ ^ = 1 
Robert Blake turns the tables on two muggers 

Country singing star Mac Davis and date Terry Ritter made a happy couple at a recent benefit in Los Angeles. 

ROBERT BLAKE has just had a real-life experience which would have matched any of his Baretta shows. 
Two muggers jumped the mus­ cular star while he was getting out of his car at a parking lot in a Los Angeles shopping center. 
But Blake subdued them with a few swift karate chops. 
Then, with the help of passers­ by, he frog-marched them to a lo­ cal police station where officers said they had been looking for the pair for months. 
MARLON BRANDO found a new love in London where he was earning $3.6 million for his role in 
Superman. The lucky lady is 
Chinese-born photographer STE­ 
FANI KONG who he squired around town almost every night for three weeks. 
Meanwhile, back in Tahiti, his third wife TARITA was looking after their two children. 
SANDY HILL, newest member 
How to cut in on hairdressing boom 

HAIRDRESSING offers well pay­ ing opportunities for both full­ time and part-time work, says an expert on making extra dollars. 
The initial investment costs about $125 for equipment and 
$5o6-$6oo for schooling. A full-time hairdresser can earn from $8,ooo a year for a beginner to $3o,ooo for an experienced independent. 
Income varies for part-time work. 
Hairdressing is making a come­ back as a lucrative profession since the long-hair fad. In fact, according to Mr. T. G. Rumbler of die National Association of Bar­ ber Schools, recent lower enroll­ ments in barber schools have caused a real shortage of barbers. 
Barbering mainly involves cut­ ting hair, but other services such as hair-styling and coloring are very popular. And in addition to basic hair work, barbers regular­ ly offer hair and scalp treat­ ments, 
In order to become a profes­ sional barber or hair stylist, you 

MONEY MAKING TIPS 

 must attend a recognized state barber school. You can complete most hair styling courses in six to eleven months. 
Your selection of a school will be important to your future suc­ cess. so investigate carefully be­ fore you choose one. The National 
Association of Barber Schools, 59 
E. 17oo South, Salt Lake City, 
Utah 84115, is a good source of in­ formation. The International Bar­ ber Schools Association, c/o State 
Barber College, 1322 17th Street, 
Denver, Colorado 8o2o2, will also be of help in locating a barber school. 
Once you have completed your courses, you must obtain a license from your state. This process usually involves an apprentice­ ship of a year or two followed by a final licensing examination. 
Even if you eventually want to work on your own, you should fol­ 

 low your schooling with a year or two of work with an experienced barber. 
One New York City hair stylist spent two years working with an experienced person (which he highly recommends) and then set up a home-based business. He only does cutting and drying, charging $8 for the service in his home and $12 in the customer’s home. 
The income from barbering and hair styling varies widely, lf you work in a shop, you will normally get to keep 65 to 75 percent of the money you take in, plus tips of course. Experienced hair stylists can earn from $15o to $4oo per week. 
For more information, contact: 
Associated Master Barbers and 
Beauticians of 
America, 
219 
Greenwich Road, P.O. Box 17782, 
Charlotte, North Carolina 28211 

© 1976 by Kathy Matthews From On Your Own—99 
Alternatives To A 9-To-5 Job by Kathy Matthews Pub­ lished in hardcover by Random House Also available in 
Vintage paperback Reprinted by permission of the pub­ lisher 
Beach beauty and the beast 
WOLVES stay away when pretty Diane 
Shearm strolls on the beach with pet lion. Diane regularly exercises the lion, 
Inca, for the Flamingo Park Zoo in York­ shire, England, 

Edited by I V O R KEY with contributions by 
Charles Comer, Robin Leach 

 and Philip Finn 

 of ABC's Good Morning America show, has one big problem — her husband, who lives in Los An­ geles, is demanding she give up the show, broadcast from New 
York and come home. 
MASH’s talented actor-writer 
ALAN ALDA and his wife are ex­ pecting their third child. 
Reclusive superstar 
STEVE 
MCQUEEN has thrown his mail box into the Pacific as a gesture of rebellion, and now his letters are delivered to a nearby gas sta­ tion. 
Bearded, overweight McQueen still refuses however to read the countless scripts sent to him by hopeful producers — and the lot of perusing them has fallen to the mechanic who services his motor­ cycle. 
Meanwhile his wife ALI Mac- 
GRAW has left for Albuquerque, 
N.M., where she is making Con­ voy with KRIS KRISTOFFER­ 
SON. 
The talk of Hollywood: actor 
JAMES FRANCISCUS who has left his wife and four children to be with DAVID JANSSENS ex­ wife DANI. The pair are being seen together at parties. 
When DICK VAN DYKE and 
CAROL BURNETT finish their two month stint in the play Same 
Time Next Year in Los Angeles they will be replaced by DIA- 
HANN CARROLL and CLEAVON 
LITTLE. 
DINAH SHORE will do her first rock concert for a charity in June with the DOOBIE BROTHERS. 
WARREN BEATTY, is back with old flame JULIE CHRISTIE. 
Not only has he given the brush- off to live-in girl friend MICH­ 
ELLE PHILLIPS, but he has also given Julie the starring role in his new film Heaven Can Wait. He had promised it to Michelle. 
There was a council-of-war at 
Dominicks in Beverly Hills when 
JACK NICHOLSON and WAR­ 
REN BEATTY met with ROMAN 
POLANSKI. The pair are organiz­ ing a defense fund for Polanski, charged with raping a 13-year-old girl. Nicholson and Beatty each put $1o,ooo in the defense fund. 
Lovely KATE JACKSON is now threatening not to return to Char­ 

 lie’s Angels — unless she gets the same money as FARRAH FAW- 
CETT-MAJORS for each episode: a reported $25,ooo. 
Time was when HENRY KIS­ 
SINGER was dogged by platoons of reporters who hung on to his every word. 
Recently several members of the Washington press corps received calls from his new office at Georgetown University advising them he would be taking his first early morning stroll on the campus and would be avail­ able for photographs and inter­ views. Not one turned up! 
Clean cut PAT BOONE has been asked by the evangelist BIL- 
LY GRAHAM to play tne preach­ er in a three-part Japanese-fi­ nanced TV series. The actor is thinking it over. 
CAROL BURNETT, DICK VAN 
DYKE and 
MARY 
TYLER 
MOORE are to do an energy spe­ cial for TV which will be pro­ duced by Mary’s husband GRANT 
TINKER. The trio are writing thir own sketches and putting up their own money to finance the show. 
PETER FALK will take off his 
Columbo raincoat to star in a new screen version of The Postman 
Always Knocks Twice. He prom­ ised his studio, Universal, he’d don it again for one more show about the detective if they’ll free him to do the movie for Columbia. 

★ ★ ★ 
DOROTHY MALONE’S ardent campaign to make a comeback has paid dividends with her being offered the role opposite ROCK 
HUDSON in a ROSS HUNTER re­ make of the medical classic Mag­ nificent Obsession. 
Singer DONNY OSMOND will desert his sister MARIE for once to appear on his own at MGM’s 
Grand Hotel in Las Vegas. 
Studio executives feel he is ap­ proaching the heartthrob stage for older women as well as teen­ age audiences — and can now leave Marie at home. 
The cancelled TV series Mary 
Hartman, Mary Hartman ended in a shambles with LOUISE LAS­ 
SER and PHIL BRUNS both being sent home for tired and emotional behavior just before the closure. Louise was found weav­ ing around the studio and Phil got into a fight with associate produ­ cer JOHN ANDERSON. 
J. PAUL GETTY JR. has de- 

 a gathering of the Douglas clan, with Michael Douglas and his new bride Diandra (left) sharing a light moment with dad Kirk and mom Anne. The foursome were at the opening of the new Broadway hit, I Love My Wife. 

BBH BBEJE3B BQQOB C3E]i3B(3B 
□ B g o o o o a 
1 1 o o o o a a c n m ra o n i 
HBBoo SESSnS OBBOB 919oo13 
□ s a g o s a n n a s! a s o B B a n a s 
□ B B S S a a a n b b b b b b s 
S S r a r a i T i n i i i h s b b b b o o b s ran a a a b o d b q b b o b b b o o b s 
BBBQ BBBOB BB [HEI o(3171oo171 
□BOBO G3BBDB BOBBB 13o13 (DO 
B SIfSSB B D aaB o o o (3 o o (o o o 
□□□EIB BOBBS DOSSES B IB 
o o O B o o o H o o 3 o o o o ( 3 o 9 OB boe] a o o a s s a u n a a a a a s 
B B B o BD 9BD o(3o133 9 o o o 3 3 o n a o B o o o o o o o o o o o n o n is 
BBQBBB a a a a a g o n ia a s a a 
, o 3 o o 3 a n a m a B a n n a b o b a a o g s a a a a a a a o o o 3 3 aa 

P 

Everyone in Hollywood is talking about the romance be­ tween actor James Franciscus and David Janssen's es­ tranged wife, Dan!, seen here at a party. Franciscus has left his wife and family to be with lovely Danl. 

 cided to settle down and go into the family business based in Los 
Angeles. He’s there with his wife and baby and sporting a new ear which replaces the one he lost to kidnapers in Italy. 
Forget all the talk about JEAN 
PETERS writing a book about her life with HOWARD HUGHES 
. . . she hasn’t and never will, say close relatives. 

★ ★ ★ 

 before the pair were separated by 
DAVID JANSSEN Jr. the .new owner of the restaurant. Alana had already fled in tears. George, incidentally, is also a former boy friend of Jack’s latest love JILL 
ST. JOHN. 
No prizes, but who was HARV­ 
EY 
YEAR? 
Well, after he changed his name he was LEE 
MAJORS, the Six Million Dollar man. 

Gravel-voiced TV personality 
ARTHUR GODFREY wants a modest $6 million for his little place near Washington, D.C. For that you get a six bedroomed mansion, an indoor riding shed, skating rink, outdoor pool, IO oth­ er houses, and 19oo prime acres. 
The aesthetic atmosphere of 
Chasens in Hollywood was punc­ tured with a scuffle between 
JACK NICHOLSON and former friend GEORGE HAMILTON. 
The fisticuffs were triggered when the former walked in with the latter’s estranged wife Alana, on his arm. 

BRIGITTE BARDOT is raising a few eyebrows from feminine ri­ vals in Hollywood, where she is making a film, by dating on suc­ cessive nights: ELLIOT GOULD, 
DONALD 
SUTHERLAND and 
RICHARD JORDAN. 

..Punches and chili were thrown 

• i f 
* 
5 ’ * » 
» 
* » 
» * f i f * t < 

One of the country’s best known comics, ALAN KING bombed so badly in Las Vegas that the hotel bought up his contract for $4oo,ooo 
— and then closed him out. 
The biggest TV surprise of the week: the retention by NBC exec­ utives of the TV show Baa Baa 
Black Sheep, which took a terri­ ble beating from Happy Days and 
Laverne And Shirley. They have nothing better to replace it, they say. 
I I 
I I 
I i 
. »/ J » ' I » % * * 
: 
______ 

EAT LESS-IT’S ONLY SURE WAY 

MRS. Rita Johnson has finally shed those extra pounds she want­ ed to lose, but ifs taken her a long time. 

But once she changed her mind, she was on her way to the trim figure she desired. 
People will try anything to re­ duce, from popping pills to lug­ ging 5o pounds of sand from room to room. But none of it will work permanently until they change their eating habits. 
Of course, there are ways to make dieting easier, and one ef feetive approach is to give your­ self small rewards as you a coom plish your weight loss goals. 
This way, you can make a game of reducing. 
Eating less doesn’t mean eating nothing. I don’t advocate such fads as the starvation diet. Star­ vation can cause liver and kidney problems, and the sudden sharp reduction of calories forces the body to break down irreplaceable muscle tone. 
The sensible approach is to lose weight gradually, by cutting down the amount of food you eat. of yoi cided to (to it that way, here are some realistic tips to help you stick to your resolution: 
• Teach yourself new food rules. Eat more fish, chicken, veal and turkey. 
• Eat fewer fatty cuts of beef, pork and lamb. 
• Substitute fresh or water- packed fruits for sweet desserts. 
• Instead of potato chips and nuts, try unsalted sunflower seeds. Two hundred (only 85 ca­ lories) can^ keep you busy for a 

TO GET SLIM 
She refused to believe—and it took me months to convince her— that the only way to lose weight is to eat less. 
DOCTOR’S CASEBOOK and 

 long time. 
• Low-fat milk and diary prod­ ucts will help reduce fat intake. 
Remember, also, these tips: 

• Take a drink of water when you’re hungry. 
• Take smaller bites when eat­ ing- 

• Chew your food slowly. 
• Wait between bites courses. 
• Use small plates. 
• Eat with a cocktail fork, or even chopsticks. 
• Always eat in one room only. 
• Always leave something on your plate. 
• Never eat while reading or watching television. 

PUZZLE SOLUTION 

Raquel: Paris-bound. 

Curvacious RAQUEL 
WELCH, who is sur­ viving the end of an affair with dress de­ signer Ron Talsky, is looking forward to meeting 
French heart-throb 
JEAN­ 
PAUL BELMONDO in Paris. She is to star with him in a romantic comedy about a pair of stunt actors. One tip to Raquel: He has false teeth. 

Paul Mictiaal (Slater of TVs Starsfcy and Hulcfi team acoma to have eyes only for lovely Andrea Mar- covtcci at Reno Sweeny's nightspot In New York. 

★ 
- 
Date for 
Fonz 
Aaay — ifs 
Fonz in New York! 
Happy Days star 
Henry Winkler and date 
Weftzman through the 
Big 
Apple after taking in a 
Broadway show. 
★ 

Rock star f 
Mick has a : new date * 
JACK NICHOLSON’S birthday party at the On the Rocks club in 
Hollywood received lots of public­ ity but here is a story that hasn t been told until now. 
MICK JAGGER, whose wife 
Bianca has admitted that her rock star husband has had affairs with dozens of women, finished up the evening by escorting home lovely 
Alana Hamilton, estranged wife of actor George 
Then they dated the following night. 
Mick was in town for secret film talks, while the candid Bian­ ca was in Paris to dub a film she has made with Dennis Hopper. 
ANDY 
WILLIAMS did very badly at his recent engagement at 
Caesar’s 
Palace, la s 
Vegas, where he drew small crowds. 
Friends say his mind seemed to be back in Aspen with ex-wife 
CLAUDINE LONGET. 

★ 
★ 
★ 
4 
JACKIE ON ASSIS, looking slim­ mer than ever, drinks only water at cocktail parties “ I never drink anything else at this sort of par­ ty” she confided at a recent Man­ hattan bash. 
The wealthy and previously al­ ways successful 
RAYMOND 
BURR is so depressed at the fail­ ure (rf his new TV show Kingston 
Confidential he’s thinking of retir­ ing and going to live on the Tahiti island he owns. 

M a rg a re t 

Trudeau: 

M o th e r, 

 so cia lite , 

First L a d y 

 g ro u p ie 

By PHIL BUNTON 

MARGARET TRUDEAU, the First Lady who has become one of the jet set’s juiciest gossip items, continues her merry fling, undaunted by the controversy ar­ ound her. 

In tho midst of hor 9o-day trial separation from husband Piorre. tho Canadian Prim o M inister, 
Margaret has been on a two-continent whirl. 

Hor heady schedule, has included dates to photo­ graph Sophia Loren in Paris, and Gene Hackman and Marion Brando on the set of the blockbuster movie Superman. 

Last month she went to Detroit on an official v isit with Mrs. Rosa lyon Carter, Am erica’s firs t Lady 
Meanwhile, back home, husband Pierre is run­ ning his country and caring for their children. 

Now. as the 9o-day separation works itself out. the big question remains whether Margaret and 
Pierre will pick up their once fairytale romance. 

Margaret Trudeau seems to take a delight in defying convention and knocking the stuffing out of the stuffed .shirts of officialdom, and cannot escape the glare of publicity — even though she insists she hates it. 

• She turned up at a Washington reception held by President Carter in a calf-length skirt and with i in in her pantyhose. The evening-gowned so­ ck lites of Capitol Hill were outraged. 

• She arrived at an open-air rally in Cuba, wearing jeans and a T-shirt. Canadian officials were outraged. 

• She vanished from her home in Ottawa and ended up with the Rolling Stones rock group in 
Toronto and later New York. E V E R Y O N E was outraged — even the Rolling Stones. 

“ I wouldn’t want my wife to associate with us," said the group’s drummer Charlie Watts. 

Through it all. Prim e Minister Pierre Trudeau has simply laughed off his wife's eccentric beha­ vior. Until now. 

"I know she likes rock music,” he said at the height of the Stones scandal. "She always has.” 
But he added: "I hope she doesn’t start seeing the 
Beatles.” 

Depsite the jokes, Trudeau was furious at the public slap in the face his free-spirited wife had given him. 

Indeed Margaret turned up at the Canadian Na­ tional Ballet shortly afterwards sporting a black eye which she told friends Pierre gave her during a heated argument. 

Finally — as TH E STAR reported two weeks ago 
— the couple agreed to a trial separation. 

One of the strangest public marriages around has entered yet another off-beat phase with Mar- 

CONTINUED O N PAGE I 5 

THREE of the m any faces o f C anada’s fre e ­ w h e e lin g First L a d y . A B O V E : The d u tifu l w ife , on v a catio n w ith h er husband, h er children, and 
England’s 
Prince 
A ndrew . 
LEFT: The first-nighter — at a N ew Y ork th e a te r with her frien d, Princess Yasm in, d a u g h te r of R ita H a y w o rth . BELO W : The rocker — with Rolling Stones Keith Richard, 
Ron W ood and M ick Jagger. H er association with the Stones, especially Richard (right), has caused outrage. 
Page O ne picture is M a rg a re t’s w edding. 

I